It was in this, time of siege that I came
to know, as I had not known before, the
depth and tenderness of my dear lad's
love for me./ While the Hfetlde was at its
ebb and I was querulous and . helpless
weak, ho was my leech and nurse and
heartening friend In one. And later,
when the tide was fairly turned and I
had found my soldier's appetite again.
he- spent many of the nights abroad and
never let me guess what riskj he ran to
fetch me dainties from the outer world.
"Twaa not the mere outgushing of a
nature open-armed to make a bosom
friend of all the world, nor any feminine
softness on his part. If I have drawn
him thus my pen is but a clumsy quill,
for he was manly-rough and masterful,
with all the native strength and vigor of
thfe border-born. - .' ..'.
For some few days after Jennifer's nar
row escape at the entrance to our hiding
place, the Cherokees were hot upon our
scent, quartering the forest on both banks
of the river, determined, as it seemed, to
hunt or starve U3 out.
SHOWING HOW LOVE TOOK TOLI*
OF FRIENDSHIP.
CHAPTER XVL
• "Nothing you'd care ( to "hear," he re
joined,, evasively, I.; thought: '.'„ "" 'Tis as
you left it." save' that ' Tarleton . whipped
away to the,south;agalri, as, 'suddenly .as
he came, and, our*", cursing-; Baronet has
made the * manor * house his ' headquarters
in fact, lodging himself and all his troop
bn^Mr. Stair.'. From; his lying,. quiet and
keeping the- Cherokees in tow, 'there will
be some . deviltry afoot, : I'll * warrant." '
-I knew 'that Falconnet was- waiting for
the powder ' cargo, .! but ''another matter
crowded J this ; aside.' '. . :
'"But— but ' Margery 7" , I , •queried, on
sharpest tenter-hooks to know how much
or little he had heard." • ', ' • . » '".'.
I -thought his ' brow ; darkened ' at . the
question, but* mayhap ; It was only. a
shadow ' cast " by - the , flickering * flre." At
any rate," he . laughed ! hardily. .~ '
"She *is', well-^and jwell-' content, «Ir dare
swear. ' 'Twas only "yesterday ' 1 -, saw her
'"But" vou had some" .word— some
news— from Appleby Hundred?" I stam
mered'.feeb'y. . . ' V " .' ~, .' ". ,
§j I , let r .it. rest a while at that. c»«*'ns
about for words to shape a hungrier -"Tui
tion.' ¦: '.; . ' _
"Have you no new3?" I asked, at
length. ' ,» *." . .-, * , ; -.4
"Little, or none." he answered shortly.
"In a den. on the river's edge, a mile
or more above your, sacked jj cabin. " 'Tls
Fome dodge-hole hollowed - out by the
Catawba? long ago and shared since by
them and the bears. Judging - from the
stinking, reek of it. Uncanbola steered
me hitherthe-night of the raid."
VThen the, jchlef came, off eafely?" I
raid, falling into a dumb and Impotent
rage that the saying of two words should
scant me so of strength to say a third.
. "Right as a trivet— scalps and all,"
laughed Jennifer. , "He'll be the envy of
every warrior in -the tribe Iwhen he
vaunts' himself at - Catawaba J council
fife." "
/'I've never left you. save to forage for
the pot,":he admitted. "I dared not leave
you, Jack.'.' ; . , • " .
'.'Rut.wherc.are we?" I would ask. '
' ¦ ¦ -
measure off the longest f.Isht I could ever
remember. . . -,
The place of* this awakening was a
burrow in the earth. My bed of bearskins
over. fragrant pinetufts was spread upon
the ground, and by the flickering light of
a"- handful' of 'fire 'I', could ;see the earth
walls of . the burrow, which were worn
smooth as If the place had been the well
used tlen; of some wild creature. But
overhead there - was the mark of human
occupancy, since the v earth-arch was
sooted and blackened with the reek of
many lires. .
' When I stirred there was another stir
beyond* the handful, of -fire, and Jennifer
came to kneel beside me, taking my hand
and chafir.s It as a tender-hearted. woman
misht. and asking If I knew him.
"Know you? AVhy should I not?" I
said, wondering why the words took so
many breaths between.
"O Jack!" was all I had in answer: but
when" ho had found a tongue to babble
out his joy, I learned the why and'where
fore. Once mere grim death had reached
for me. lying await in the twirled toma
hawll thut sot me dreaming of my moth
er's lap -and lullaby. For a week I had
lain here upon the bed of pinetufts,
poised upon the brink of the death pit
with only my dear lad'to hold and draw
mr* back. *
' ,".V week?" I Queried, when- he had
named the interval. "And you have been
here all th« time?". -" -••¦»• ¦
Idol-meats upon the altar of my d^ar
lad's friendship. What would he thinlj
of rr.e? How could I go about to ina'te
it piain that I had robbed him for hU
own honor's sake?— Jhat it'tvas not I but
fate that w'afe to'bldine?
These questions ca:ne'up answerle3s,
like deep-sea plummets where no bottom
Is. I saw the way no farther, on. than
this; that I must go straightway to'Jen
nlfer and* tell him all. Beyond that point
the darkness wa3 Egyptian, and I could
only hope that tricky fata would turn
again and blot me out v and ma*te it plain
to Richard, and to ray dear '.lady, that
love, and not bas=e treachery, had set me
on to do as I had done.
In some such dismal grlndings of the
mill of thought I had budded on the
heirloom sword, and after telling Tomas
and the other blacks for thelr.own safety
to keep an alarm guard waking through
the night had sallied forth upon my er
rand to the dear lad, plunging directly
into the virgin forest, the better to avoid
encounter with scouting parties of Sir
Falconnet. who I made no doubt would
leave no stone unturned to run me again
to earth. - But scarce had I traversed a
mile into the gathering darkness than
heart-rending cries of anguish . coming
faintly from the direction' of the lodge
that I left hold mo affrighted in my
tracks and a flaring glare of fire, that
mounted higher and ever higher toward
the heavens e'en while I stood and lis
tened, sent me , bounding, and. stumbling
back over the rough trail, the while ray
soul was filled with I know not. what
misgivings only to come at last upon a
scene In the little clearing that was one
to brand itself. In . lasting shapes upon
my memory. . . .
¦* A brush heap newly klndled'gave out a
dusky glow flaring in waves of smoky red
against the . overarching - foliage. The
open space around the -cabin was' alive
with half-naked savages running to and
fro— and In the gloom beyond the fire I
saw. a shadowy horseman. backed by oth
ers still more phantom like. ." "
There was no mystery about it iMy
enemy had come with sleuth^hound'In
dians at his back to run me down. Tho
savages were no doubt that band "of -over
mountain Cherokees pledged by their
chief to ollot the powder convoy, and by
their help the Baronet had tracked- me.
That was the -first thought caughtlat'ln
passing, but when I came to look * again
I -saw .what had been done. . Sprawled.'on
the ground before the-burninj? brush pile,
his wrinkle -I face a hideous mask of suf
fering, , with eyeballs starting from -their
sockets In the r death-wrench, lay ' my
faithful Darius. * . ,' >. ¦ , : ._ /. .
By what, inhuman .tortures
made him point- the way, or how or -.why
they had 1 slain him at, thelast.'-Iik'now
not. but I made sure it was his death 5
scream that had halted; me -and set.' the
stillness of the forest alive with ghastly
echoes. , , ¦ . . ; .: - .
At sight of the stiffening body, of my.
faithful slave you may suppose my blood
ran] cold and hot by turns -and ''that his
blood cried ' out .for : vengeance 1 from , the
sod < that soaked it up.* : ¦ In such v flaming
rage as'this I threw. caution 1 . to the winds
and dashed out, straight across, the clear
ing, J bent on settling ' forever with ; * the
man, ; who by all the' laws of 1 God had'
earned; his death.; but' in the" twinkling; of ,
jrn.eye I was surrounded, and '4 whizzing
hatchets' and rifle bullets whining sibilant
were buVan earnest of the fate 'I Tiai! in
vited. '.;¦•' r
In such a coll as this I'd looped r.boMt
me there was nothing-for it as it seemcJ
but to draw the steel and die as a aol
dier ehouhi; so I broka cover with a yell
ns- fierce r.s theirs and had picked a tree
to sot my back against and ran, for,; it.- '* -
I never reached the. -tijee-.- 'In mid career
when all th«' Cherpkeb *wolf, pack was,
bursting through' the holly tangfe^Ttt -my
heel.", two men— a- white man and an In
dian— ran in ahead./. as I supposed to cut'
me off. Just then* the dry roof of the
hunting lodge roared aflame rcadening
th«i forest near and far. .The light was
at my back and on the face3 of the -two'
who ran to meet me. A great sob swelled
in my throat and choked me. but I ran
the faster. For these were my dear lad
and the frlendly^Catawba, charging gal
lantly to cover, rpy dash. •
It ..was a reatl^- helr>. in time of need.'
They ran In bnlvely, the chief ahead,
twirling hj3 tomahawk for the throw,
with Dick foace- to right and rear, his.
two great .pistols brandished and the
grandslre of all the broadswords dangling
by a thons at his wrist.
• "Follow the chief," he shouted in pass
ing, and, at the word the patawba stdp
ped short, sent his hatchet whistling: Into*
the yapping pack behind me, and swerved
to run aside ; to point the way for me.'
snatching my sword from my hand to
give me no choice but ' to follow him.
And on the instant Dick's pistols bejjan
tp belch forth death, before he too, turned
and sped after us.
The Cherokee?, checked but for'a'mo-'
ment,' stormed hotly at our heels. And a?
we ran I heard the." shouted, command o'f»
Falconnet to his •mounted- men:; "A res
cue. Right oblique and head them, in
the road. Gallop, you devils." • _ ' ' •
"Thank God." says Richard* a5 we.
cleared the road with buta fraction of a
• minute to snare.- "I was afraid that. even
the chief might miss . the place in the
dark. -Down the bank to thcrlvor — quick,
mrvn, and cautious. If they 'smell U3 out
now. we are no better- than buzzards'
meat."'- And when we reached -the
water's edge: "You. taught me how to
paddle a-- pirogue,- Jack,-' I- hope ¦ you
haven't lost' thekna'ckof , It yourself." y
1 "No,"- said Ir and, the three of us slid
the hollowed log" into t'he' stream. •;
- We were afloat in .shortest . order, . but- 1
being' as "Vet byt";iitt1e< better than half
a -man in breath -and -muscle, e'en as I
bent tostrike mypaddle deep to balance
Jennifer's rstrok'e.^felt" a flying missile^
'catch .'me' fairly ?t>eh!nd the .ear, and "on
the instant. ' the* rhythmic dip and drip
of Jennifers 'paddle faded on 7 the sense
of ; hearing,* till- as ; itv would iseem.f this
gentle monody ! became a : crooning lullaby,
to blot out all the "years that lay between,
and make ; me ; once^agaln ;a " little : child
sinking ' to t sleep ' in - my" young - mother's =
arms. . J. "^ ¦ *' .^. ;¦¦'//¦ V '¦-"*''¦„*¦ '¦•' \"
fc V. CHAPTER'XV.y ' . ' . '.. ; ,
HOW - JENNIFER THREW A MAIN >
- . • j .' ., J? ITH ; Peath. - . • ; - .; •- ¦ ; , •¦¦¦-.•. '
',,'TIs] a sure | mark,, of, healthful .sleep that
It never, makes account of time. No odds
how long:.thei; night, Vtis -but a moment !
from the lapse of! consciousness to its' re- '
covery-in 1 the --' -But* this 'deep"
sleep, that crept upon me as I; lay In tha
pirogue, '.' listening F to\ the' tinkling ,". drip .
from Jennifer's paddle, was not of health-V
ful;,weariness t *'and'iwhen: I rcameawake;
from* 1 it 'there'- was a > dim and troubled '.
vista" of "vague 'and ; broken dreams to
But from this horn of the dilemma I
slipped ' to fall upon the other.*;' If " my
living on as Margery's "husband was her
safety for the time, it was an offering of
Xo, it \yas not any love of life for life's
own sake that held me 'back. 'Twas
rather, that the Ireton. blood is linked up
with that thing we call a conscience, a
heritage from those simple-hearted an
cestors to whom, the suicide was a soul
accurst— a soul Impenitent, whose very
outer husk of flesh and bones they used
to bury at the crossing, of the ways, with
a sharpened stake to pinion' it.
'Twas this ancestral conscience made
me cowardly and when the sight , of iny
father's sword — Darius had rescued and
restored it to its place upon t the chimney
breast—w>uld set. me thinking of "the
Israelitish King, and how, when all, was
lost, he fell upon hls-blade and died, this
horror of the suicide -came to give me
pause.
Besides,, that way to right the double
wrong was not so clear as it might seem.
As matters stood, my living for. the pres
ent was Margery's best safeguard.' ' Till
she became my widow and my heir-at
law, the mercenary Baronet would play
his cards to win her honorably. I doubt
ed not he'd make' hot love to "her,'. but
.while she stayed, a -wife and was not' yet
a widow, he'd keep his passion decently
In bounds, If only for. the better compass
inz of his end. - • •• '
It was thus that each fresh scanning
of th«* prison wall that shut me in this
dungeon of dishonor fetched me once and
again to this one sally-port of death. And
when it came to this, that I had searched
In vain for other outlet, you will not
think it strange that I sat down in spirit
at this postern to see If I might open it
with my own hands.
It was not love of life that made me
hesitate. At two-score years he who
has lived at all has lived his -best: and If
he live beyond the turning point of youth
ful ardor he must beg the grace of
younger men to linger yet a little longer
on the stage which once was his and
now Is theirs. , v
There was no hope of other outlet. Now
there was space to view it calmly. I saw
how foolish was the thought that Mar
gery would connive at any breaking ot,
the marriasre bond. She would bear my
name and hate me for the giving of it;
would go on hating me. I thought, to" all
eternity; but she would never take her
freedom back again, save at a dead man's
hand?.
When all was done I flung myself upon
the couch of panther-skins, hoping
against hope that sleep might come to
help me through the hours of waiting.
'Twas a vain hope. There was 'never a
wink df fonretfulness for me In all the
long watches of the summer day, and I
must lie wide-eyed and haggard, think
ing night would never come and making
sure that fate had never before walled
a man in such a dungeon of despair/
There was no loophole of escape with
hono-. The heavens were* brass, with all
the horizons narrowed to a bounding wall
to hem me in on every side. There was
no sally-port in all this wall save one—
the one that death had promised to open
at the dawn. The promise had been
broken. True, death had thni3t the key
within the lock, and I had heard the
grating of the bolts: and yet the key' had
been withdrawn and I was left a prisoner
of life.
ly orar.n tontry line about the cabin, this
against the chance that Falconnet might
stumble on the place in searching for me.
For I made no doubt his Tory spiej
would ouicklv pass the word that I was
not with Abram Forney's band, and henco
must be In hiding. ...
Since old Darius was still at Apjjleby
Hundred, Tomas ranked, as majordomo;
Rid I bad? him post the blacks in a loose-
HOW THD BARONET PLAYCI?
ROUGE-ET-NOIR. '
Thft^sjuv.was well above the tree-tcp*.
and the morning was abroad for a ? l the
furred and feathered wood-folk, .when I
forsook the Indian ?arh to make. a pru
dent circle of reconnolssance around the
cabin in the maple grove. '
Happily, there.. was no^nefd forthe.-cau
tionary measure., The, hjintins; lo<fe£ w
unalscoverr-d -as yet -.fepjja&y^ ¦¦eoenij% and
when I showed pi^a'-i my ¦poo'r' black, va.3
ra!s ran to do my bidding, weeping' with
chilriich joy to have me back again.
CHAPTER XIV.
IN WMICI! A PILGRIMAGE BEGINS.
As ycu have guessed before you turned
this j age. the 'men who charged so op
pcitticely to cut me cut of peril were
zr.r captors only jn the saving. scrfp. ; .
Th< :r overnight bivouac was not above
a ini'e be;-on<2 the pl-'de cf .-inntmshmect.
it was In a little dell, cunningly hid.
tli<? ftxrbera of the carapiires were BtHl
al:ve when we cf the hors« came first to
tb't cy.-*«rd en rallying point.
lic:« at this rerd<zvons in the forest's
heart I hsd my firM sight of -any fisht
(sg *trfcgt&ect 4 cf that- undisciplined and
yet uocBSCBerabta patriot home guard
that even in dt feat proved too tou^h a
mors^i lot Eritish jaws to masticate.
Thry promised little to the eye of a
trained toliler, these border levies. In
fancy I could tee my old field marshal —
he v.t.s the father of all the martinet:? —
turn up l\\s nose and dismiss them with
a contemptuous "Ach! raein Gott!" Arid
truly there was little outward show among
tnem of the sterling metal underneath.
They carae singly and In couples, strag
g'lr:g like a routed bar.d of brigands;
some loading their pieces as'th^y ran.
There was no hint of soldier discipline,
and they might have been. !ecderless for
aught I saw cf deference to thfir cap
tain. Indeed, at first I could not pick
the captain out by any sign, since all
were clad in coarsest homespun and well
worn leather, and all wore the long.
fringed hunting shirt and raccoon-skin
cap of th* free borderers.
Yet these were a handful of the men
wlio had fought eo stoutly against the
Ttery oCds at R&msours Mill, their cap
tain being that Abram Forney of whom
you may read In the histories: and.
though they made no military show, they
lacked neither hardihood nor courage, of
a certain persevering sort.
"Ever come any closter to your amen
than that, stranger?" drawled one of
them, a grizzled borderer. lank, lean and
weather tanned, with a face that might
have been a leathern mask for any hint
Jt rave of what went on behind it. "I'll
•wear that little whip' -snap' officer cub
had the word 'Fire' sticking in his teeth
when I gave him old Sukey's mouthful o*
lead to chaw on."
I esid. I had come as near my -exit a
time cr two before, thoueh always in
fair fight; and thereupon was whelmed in
an avalanche of Questions puch as only
simple hearted folk know how to ask.
When I bad sufficiently account
ed for myself. Captain Forney
he wan the limber backed young
fellow I had ridden behind— gripped my
hand and gave me a hearty welcome and
congratulation. •
"My father and yours were handfast
friends. Captain Ireton. More than that,
I've heard my father say he owed yours
eomewhat on the score of good turns.
I'm roaster glad I've had a chance to
even vt> a little, though as for that, we
should both thank the Indian." At which
'which be looked around as one who calls
an eye-muster and marl:s a missing man.
"Where is the chief, Kohralm?"— this to
the grizzled hunter who was methodical
ly reloading his long rifle.
"He's back yonder, gathering In the
hair crop. I reckon. Never you mind
about him. Cap'n. He'll turn up whew
he smells the meat a-cooking. immejltly,
if not sooner."
Here as I imagine. I looked all the
nufstions that lacked answers; for Cap
tf.'.n Forney took it in hand to fit them
out with explications.
"'TIs ITncanooIa. the Catawba," he
raid, "one of the fricndlies. He was out
a-scoutm* last night and came In an
hour before daybreak with the news that
Colonel Tarleton was yet upon hanging a
rpy of ours. From that to our little am
bushinent "
"I «ee." «aid L wanting space to turn
the memory leaves. "This Catawba: is
he a man about my age?" Captain For
ney laughed. "God be only knows an
Indian's age. But Uncanoola has been
a man grown these fifteen years or more.
I can recall his coming to my fathers
bouse when I was but a little cadger.'
At that, I remembered, too; remem
bered a tall, straight young savage, as
handsome as a figure done In. bronze,
who used sometimes to meet me in the
lonelier forest wilds when I was out a
huntlng: remembered bow at first I was •
afraid of him: how once I would have ;
*hot him in a fit of boyish race antipathy
Und sudden fright had he not flung away
his firelock" and stood before me defense- ¦
less '
Also. I recalled a little Incident of the
terrible scourge in 'CO. when the .black
pox bade fair to Wot out this tribe of
the Catawbas: how when my father had
foend this young eavage lying In the for-
CHAPTER XIII
J CENSED It all but vaguely at the
Crst. but when a passing horseman
slashed me free I came alive, and life
and all Jt meant to me was centered
in a single fierce desire. Fa'.ccnnet
tad escaped the fusillade; was making
¦wlftly for his horse, eafe as yet from any
touch of lead or etoeL So I might reach
and pull him down, I cared no groat what
followed after.
It was not so to be. In the swift dash
across the glade I went too near the
shambles ia the mlfist. The corporal of
the firing- e^us-d. a bearded Saxon giant,
whose face, hideously distorted, will
haunt me while I live, lay fairly in the
way. his heels drumming in the death
agony, an.fi his great hands clutching at
the eispty - air.
I leaped to clear him. In the act the
clutching hands laid hold of me and I
was tripped and thrown upon the heap
of dead and dyir.g men and could not
free myself In time to rto? tho baronet.
I saw him gain his horse and mount;
law the flash of his Fword and the skill
ful parry that in a single parade warded
death on .either hand; saw him drive
home the F^urs and vanish among the
trees, with bis horse-hcldlns trooper at
his heels.
And then ray rescuers, or else my new
er captor?, picked me up hastily, and I
was hoisted behind the saddle of th3
nearest. an<! so was borne away in a!l
the hue and c:y of a most ur.soldlcrly re
treat.
Ccprrlrht by tb» Bowtn-Merrill Co.
THIS is the tliird installment
cf "The Master of Appleby," tha
Colonial love tele .with the
zaystic ending. The author is
a perfect literary -wizard in the thrill-
Ing- mazmer he' piles exciting episode
upon heart beating situations, and
fortrex keeps you in anxious doubt
as to who finally xrins beautiful
2£adff« Stair — Sir Francis Falconnet,
Richard Jennifer or "The Master of
Appleby." Can you solve the love
xlddle before the last chapter?
ji "A lucky turn for me." I said, and then
at: second. thought I would deny the say
ins, though not for him to hear. But this
was dangerous ground again, and I
clawed off from It like a desperate mari
ner temnest-driven on a leo shore, asking
him how he had learned the broadsword
play, and where he got the antique clay
.iriore. • * •
He laughed heartily, and more like my
care-free Dick this time.
• "'Tis as good as a woodsman's ax when
you I'ave the knack of swinging it."
. "Truly," • said I. you seemed to
have the knack, and the strength as well,
in . spite of the crippled arm you were
carrying in. a sling the night before when
they haled • you into Colonel Tarieton's
court at Appleby." 2
"A little ruse of war," he said, laugh
ing and * making a fist to show me his
arm waa strong and sound again. " 'Twas
M'Gillicuddy put me up to It, saying they
¦would be like. to deal the gentler with a
wounded man. But- how came you to
know?"'
- Here was another chance to tell him
what he should -be told, but the words
would not say themselves.
. "I stood within arm's reach of you that
night." said I: and from that I hastened
swiftly through the story of my trial as a
spy and what it- came to in the morning,
and never mentioned Margery's part ' in
it at all. -' '
5J '"You have a bitter enemy in Frank Fal
connet," was * his' 5 comment, when I had
made an end of this recounting of my ad
ventures. ; "He knows ; you ' are In hiding,
hereabouts and has been scouring the'
neighborhood well for you"— or, more be
like,-for both of us." '.
•" • "How; do you ' know this T" . I asked.
4 "I < have both seen and heard. This den
of; ours , opens ', on * the river's edge. ' and
two days since, his Indians came within
an ace of nabbing me. ' 'Twas .just', at
dusk, and I' made out; to dodge them
by doubling past in the canoe." ,
¦"But you say you have heard, as well?"
! "Yes.".- •"•'.•v.j'i -
*"How?" ¦ ;.
.'"Don't ask nv.
'¦" 'Twas partly chance." he said. "A
redcoat troop had me In durance at Jen
nifer House., and while they affected to
hold me at parole. I never gave consent
to that, and so was kept a prisoner. They
shut me in the winej-bin with a -guard,
and when the fellow was wel} soaked
and silly, I bound and gasped him and
broke jail. I took the river for it. mean
ing'to outlle until the hue and cry was
over, and just at dusk Uncanoola drop
ped upon me and told me of your need.
From that • to helping him cut you out
of your, raffle with the Cherokees was
but a hand's turn in the day's work."
'Taking- a "..reproach where none was
meant, he sprang up with a self-aimed
manlison upon h!.i lack of care for me.
stirred the fire alive and brewed me a
most delicious-smelling cup of broth.
And afterward, when I had drunk the
broth with spme small beckoning3 of re
turning appetite, he spread his coat to
screen me from the 'firelight .and would
have' driven me to sleep again. -
I '"At any rate, you shall not talk," he
promised. "If you are wakeful I will talk
to you and tell you what little I have
gleaned about the fighting."
¦ His news waa chiefly a later repetition
of Father Matthieu's and Captain Abram
Forney's, but there was this to add: The
Congress had appointed the Englishman.
Horatio Gates, chief of the army In the
South, and this new leader was on his
way to take command.
Do Kalb, with the Maryland and Dela
ware lines and Colonel Armand's legion.
was encamped on Deep River, waiting for
the newly appointed general, and Cnswell
and Griffith Rutherford, with the militia,
were already pressing forward to some
¦handgrips with my Lord Cornwallis In
the South.
Nearer at hand, the" Partisan war fire
flamed afresh wherever a Tory company
met a patriot, and there were wicked
doinjrs, more like savage massacres than
fair-fought battles of the soldier sort.
When he had made an end of his small
war budget, I set him on to tell me how
he came to be at hand to help me so in
the nick of time on- the night of the cabin
sack. ¦ - .
taking the air on the . river road, with
•'Falconnet for an escort. You. told •» me
once he had a sure hand with the women
end it made me mad; but truly, I have
come to think you drew It mild. Jack."
-'Now though I could ply. a decent ready
blade, or keep a firing line from lurching
at a pinch. I had not learned to put a
'¦Hade on a blundering tongue, as I have
¦aid before. *#
"Damn him aa you please. Dick," and
he'll warrant It But you infest, not Judge
the lady over harshly, nor always by ap
pearances. She may have flouted you as
a boyish lover, and yet I think—"
I stopped Jn sheer bewilderment, shot
through and through with keenest agonies
of remorseful recollection. For at tho
moment I had clean forgot the gulf im
passable I had set between these two. Bo
I would have lapsed Into shamed silence,
but Jennifer would not suffer it.
| VWell, what Is it that you thlnkf he
demanded.
"I think-nay, I may say I know that
she thinks well of you, Dick." I blun
dered on, seeing no way to put him oft
I He gripped my hand, and in his eyes
there was the light of the old love re
awakening.
"Don't^ lift ma up to fling' me down
again. -Jack! How can you know what
she thinks of me?" he broke in, eagerly.
I should have told him then all there
was to tell. He had been" thrice my
savior, and his heart was soft and malle
able in the side of friendship. I knew it
—knew that the pregnant moment for full
confession had arrived; and yet. I could
not force my tongue to shape the words.
Indeed. I saw more clearly than before
.ttiat "never any word of -mine could make
him understand that I was not a faith
less? .traitor In " Intention. So I paltered
.with' the truth, like any wretched coward
of them all.
"You forget that -I have come . to know
her well " I said. " "I was a month or
more under the same roof with her, and
In that tirne she told me many things."
Now, this witless speech was no better
than a whip to flog him on.
. "What things?" he questioned, prompt
ly- ' , '. ' •
"Oh, many things. She spoke often of
you."
•'What did she say of me, Jack? Tell
me. what she said." he besged. "It can
make no difference now; she. is less than
nothing to me — nay. 'tis even wor3e than
that, since she would play Delilah if she
could. But oh. Jack, I love her:— I should
love her if I stood on the gallows and she
stood by to spring the drop and turn
me off!" "
Truly, if the lash of remorse had lacked
its keenest thong, this passionate out
burst of his would i have added it. None
the less. I must needs be weaker than
water and fall back another step and put
him off.
"Another time, Richard. I am strangely
unnerved and dizzy-headed now. By and
by, when I am stronger, I will tell you
a!l."
When I was left alone- 1 had no plan
that reached beyond thv tf^y's end. S.sx-j
to go to Jennifer House by daylight
would be to run my neck afresh into the
noose. I saw notion? for it but to He in
biding till nightfall. The hiding p!ac;
that promised best was tho o!d bunt'n?
Ir.dge in the forest, and thitherward I
turned my face.
At this I was brought down to some
consideration of tho present and. its ; de
mands. As fortune's wheel had twirled.
I had mv life, to be sure; but by the
having of it was made the basest traitor
to my friend— to Jennifer, and no whit
lers to Margc-ry.
'Twas out of any thought that I should
take the field againFt the common enemy,
leavlns this tangled web of mystery and
misery behind. In sheerest .decency -,' I
owcil it f.rst to Jennifer to make a swift
and frar.k confession of the Ill-concluded
tale of harmenlngs. That done, I owed it
equally to him and Marsery to find soai^
way to :-f-t a«lde the midnight marriage.
So I fe!I backyuror. my wound for an
excuse," tellir.s the capt^ln^that. I was not
yet fit to take the field— which was true
ennus-h. Whereupon h^-.anfl his men' set
me well beyond the Cahger of immediate
pursuit and we parted jcompanx-.
"We'll dodge the redcoats, never you
fear; we're at our best in that." he re
joined, carelessly. "And aa to the Chero
kee UDstlrring, that's an old slory. The
King's men have tried it twice and the/
have not yet caught Jack Sevier or Jim
mle Robertson a-napplng. Ease your
mind on that score, Captain Ireton. and
come alon? with us, if you have nothing
better to do. I can promise you hard liv
ing and hard fighting enough to keep ;it
In countenance."
"I know this Uncanoola," I said. "My
father befriended him' in the plague of
'60. and was never sorry for it. as I be
lieve." Then I would ask if these Ca
tawbas had ranged themselves on tha pa
triot side, a question which led the young
militia captain to give me the news at
large, while his borderers were breaking
camp and making their hasty prepara
tions for the day's march.
"'Tis liberty or death with us now;
we've burnt our br.jgres behind us." he
said, when he had confirmed the tidings
I had had the day before from Father
Matthleu. "And since here in Carolina
we have to fight each man agatnst his
neighbor, 'tis like tc go hard with us,
lacking help fr»m the North."
"You have your work cut out to dodge
the British light-horse. Captain Forney,"
said I; capping the venture by telling him
what little I knew of Tarleton's disposi
tions, and also of the Indian-arming plot
I had overheard.
ert, Dlague-stricken and deserted by all
his tribesmen, he had saved his life and
earned an Indian friendship.
I did lie quiet, but sleep came not, nor
did I woo it. „ For long past the time
when I could hear his measured breath-
Ing, I lay awake to plan how I might
draw the Baronet's man-hunt to myself,
and so free my loyal Richard of the peril
that by rights was mine.
I fell back on the bearskins to shut
my eyes and call up all the might of love
grapple, with this fresh misery. It was
in this fierce conflict of faith against ap
parent fact that I descried the parting
of the ways for the lover and the hus
band.
Jennifer believed this most incredible
thing, and yet he loved her— would go
on, loving her. as he had said, in spite of
all. That was the lover's road, and I
could never bear him company on it.
Could I believe her so pitiless cruel a*
this, I made sure no husband-love could
live beyond that moment of conviction.
But at this perilous pass the husband's
road ran truer than the lover's. Richard
believed her capable of this hard-hearted
thing and went on loving her blindly In
spite of it. But as for me. I said I would
never give belief an inch of standing
room: that had I stood in Ephralm
Yeates' shoes, having the witness of my
own eyes and ears, I would still have
found excuse and exculpation for her.
I stole a glance at Jennifer. He was
Bitting with his face in his hands, a silent
figure of a strong man humbled. He had
called her a Delilah, and the green withes
of her binding cut sore into the flesh.
"You say you love her. Dick; can you
believe her capable of this and yet go
on loving her?" I asked.
He let me see his face. It was haggard
and grief-marred.
"I'd pay the devil*3 ow» price could I
?*y 'no' to that. Jack. But I cannot."
"Then I swear I love her better than
you do. Richard Jennifer. She hates me
well— God know3 she has good cause to
hate me fiercely, yet I would trust her
with my life."
I looked to see him pin me down at this:
and though the words had fairly shaped
and said themselves, I laid fast hold of
my courage and was prepared to make
them good. But he would only smile and
draw the bearskin cover over me. tucking
me as tenderly as a mother, and saying
very gently:
"So she has bewitched you. too; and
now there are two poor fool3 of love in
stead of one. But you are stranger than I.
Jack. You will break the spell and put
it down and live beyond it. and that I
never shall — God help me!" And with
that he went to his own bed beside the
fire, telling me I must lie quiet and try to
sleep.
"Nay," he objected soberly, "that would
be my quarrel, were there ever a peg to
hang * quarrel on. But it came by a
sure hand and one that La friendly enough
to all concerned. An old free borderer.
Ephraim Yeates by name, brought ma
the tale. He had been spying round at
Appleby Hundred, wan tine to know, for
some purpose of his own, why the red
coats and Cherokees were hanging on so
long; and this much he overheard one
night when he was outlying under the
window of the withdrawing-room. He
says she was in a pretty passion at the
Baronet's slackness, stamping- her foot
at him and lashing him with.' the taunt
that he wa3 afeard of one or both of us."
" 'Tls this same Madge Stair you have
been defending. Jack." he said bitterly.
"It eeerns that Falconnet mads sure we
had both gone to join the army, which
was but natural. If she were less than
the spiteful little Tory vixen that she is.
sbe would have been content to let It
rest so. But sho would not let it rest so.
With her own lips she assured Falconnot
he still had us to reckon with; nay, more
—she made a boast of It that we would
never eo so far away from her."
Weak and fever-shaken as I was, I yet
made shift to get upon my elbow feebly
fierce, denouncing it hotly for a lie.
"Who slandered her like this. Dick*
Put a name to the cur. and as I live and
get my strength again. I'll hunt him
down and choke him with that lie!"
I said I bad no right to ask more than
he chose to tell, and at this he blurted
out an~ oath and let me have the sharp
edged truth. •
"Falconnet has an ally whoso wit is
shrewder than his. Can you guess who
It is?"
"No."
But on the aide of love and friendship
no woman ever had a truer heart, a
keener, eye or a Ifghter band. And In a
service for friend or mistress he wouM
spend himself as recklessly as those old
knights you read about who made a busi
ness of their chivalry.
With his dally offerings of unselfishness
to shame me. you may be sure that I waa
flayed alive, self-flossed like a miserable
monk, with all the woundlngs of the whip
well salted by remorse. As you have
guessed, I had not yet summoned up the
courage to tell him how I had staked his
chance of happiness upon a casting: of the
die of fate — staked and lost It. Now thai
it. was gone, I saw how I had missed the
golden opportunity: how I had weakly
hesitated when delay could only make
the telling harder.
By tacit consent we never spoke of
Margery- Richard's silence hear upon
despair. I thought: and as for mine, since
the husband's road and the lover's lay so
far apart. I could not bring myself to
speak of her. But she was always first
In my thoughts In that time of convales
cence, r.3 I made sure she was In his. and
at the last the hidden thing between us
was brought to light.
It was on a night some three weeks or
more after my fever turn. Our larder
had run low again, and Jennifer had
spent the earlier hours of the night
abroad— to little • purpose, as It chanced.
'Twas midnight or thereabouts whan he
came swearing In to tell me thai tha
Tories were out again to harry ear aide
of the river afresh, and' to make a refu-
THE
MASTER OF
APPLEBY.
Sunday Call Literary Section"Open! Mr. Stajr; open!" he shouted,
between the batterings, but it was five
full minutes before the fan-light over
head began to show some faint glimmer
ings of a candle coming from the rooms
beyond. fV.*.:.
Richard .rested at that, and in the pause
a thin voice shrilled from within.
"Be off, you runagates! Off, I say! or I
flre upon ye through the door!"
Giving no heed to the threat, Dick set
up his clamor again, calling out hla name
and bidding the old man open to a friend.
In some notching of the hubbub. I heard
the unmistakable click of a gun-flint on
steeL There was barely time to trip my
reckless batterer and to fall .flat with him
on the door-stone when a g\in went oft
within, and a handful of slugs, breaching
the oaken panel at the. height of a man's
middle, went screeching over us.
Before I knew what he would be at,
Richard was up with an oath, backing off
to hurl himself, shoulder on, against the
door. It gave with a splintering crash,
letting him In headlong. I followed less
hastily. It was as black as a setter's
mouth within, the gun fire having snuffed
Jennifer outran me to the door by half
a length and fell to hammering fiercely
on the panel with the pommel of his
broadsword. ->
With that he faced about and ran. and
forgetting to loose his grip on my arm,
took me with him till I broke away to
have my sword hand free. So running,
we came presently to the open space be
fore the house, and, truly, it was well
for us that the place was clean deserted;
for by this we had both forgot the very
name of prudence.
As near as might be guessed. It wanted
yet an hour or two of daybreak when
we made a landing within the boundaries
of Appleby Hundred, and beached and hid
the pirogue in the bushes.
Thinking the approaches from the road
and river would be better guarded than
that from the wood, we skirted a wide
spread thicket tangle, spared by my
father twenty years before to be a grouse
and pheasant cover, and fetching a com
pass of half a mile or more across, the
maize fields, came in among the oaks and
• hickories of the manor grounds.
Still there was no sight nor sound of
any enemy; no light of candles at the
house, or of camp-fires beneath the trees.
A little way within the grove, where the
interlacing tree-tops made the darkness
like Egyptian night, Jennifer went on all
fours to feel around as if in search of
something on the sward. Whereat I
.called softly to know what he would be
at
He rose, muttering, half as to himself:
"I thought I'd. never be so far out of
reckoning." Then to me: "A few hours
since, the Cherokees were encamped just
here. You are standing in the ashes of
their fire."
"So?" said L "Then they have gone?"
"Gone from this safely enough, to ba
sure. They have been gone some hours;
the cinders are cold and dew weL"
"So much the better." I would say,
thinking only that now there would be
the fewer enejnies to fight.
He dipt my arm suddenly, putting the
value of an oath into his gripping of It.
"Come awake, man: this Is no time to
be a-daze!" His 'whisper was a sharp
behest, with a shake of the gripped arm
for emphasis. "If the Indians are gone.
It moans that the powder train has coma
and gone, too."
"Well?" said I.
I was still thinking, with less than a
clod's wit. that this would send the Baro
net captain abo^st his master's business,
and so Margery would have 6uccase to
him for a time, at least. But Jennifer
fetched me awake with another whip-lash
word or two.
"Jack! has the night's work gone to
your Jiead? If Falconnet has got his
marching orders you may be sure he's
tried by hook or crook to play 'safe bind,
safe find." with Madge. By heaven 1 'twas
that she was feared of and we are here
too late! Come on!"
IN WHICH WE HEAR NEWS FROM
THE SOUTH.
CHAPTER XVIII,
CHAPTER XIX.
HOW A STUMBLING HORSD
, BROUGHT TIDINGS.
Having a definite thing to do we set
about it forthwith, taking to v the fields
and making a wide circuit around the
manor house and the quarters where the
blacks were already stirring to come out
to the river and so to cross In our canoe.
, Not ) to take a certain hazard for the
sake of better speed, we shunned the
road, and for the first hour or so were not
greatly hindered by keeping to the forest
path.
It was in the densest underwood, when
we could hear ; the purring of a stream
ahead, that Jennifer finally stopped sud
denly and began to sniff the air.
"Smoke," he said ¦ briefly in answer ' to
my query. "A camp flre. with meat
abroll. Never. tell me you can't smell It."
I I said I could not— did not. at all events.
, - "Then you are not as sharp, set for
breakfast as I am. Call up your wood
craft'and; we'll stalk it." And, suiting
the action! to the word, he dropped noise
lessly on hanas and knees to inch his way
cautiously out: of the thicket.
,1 followed at his heels, marveling at his
skill in threading, the maze with. never a
snapped twig to betray him. , For though
I have called him a youthling, he came of
great, square-shouldered , English stock
and; was well upon fourteen stone for
weight. Yet upon \ occasion, as now, he
could be as lithe and cat-like as an Indian,
. "Madge, . d'ye say,?^ She's gone; gone
where neither you' nor that dour-faced
deevil'that'befooled us all will - find her
soon.; I promise you.': Dlekle'/ Jennifer!"
he snapped; and I gave them my* back
and stumbled blindly to the door, mak
ing sure his next word, would : tell my
poor wronged lad all that he should have
learned from never i any • other, lips ; ,but
mine own. But Richard himself parried
the Impending stroke of truth, saying:
Whereupon Richard loosed his neckcloth
to give him better breathing space. ':
"Yes, they're gone — all gone, curse. 'em,
and they've taken every plack and baw
bee they could lay their thieving hands
upon," he mumbled presently." " 'Tls like
the dogs, to stay on here and eat and
drink me out of house and home, and then
to scurry off when I'm most like to need
protection." - ' ,
"But Madge?" says Richard, f Is she
safe In bed?" '• ,
"She's a Jade!" was all the answer he
got. Then the old man sat up and peered
around the end of the. settle to where. I
stood. I saw ha did hot recognize me,
and was well enough content to let It rest
thus. ' ; . . .;¦ " : -: :• ; '•¦' ¦ ' T '>-
the old man's candle out But ire had
flint and steel and tinder-box, and when
the punk was alight, Jennifer found the
candle under foot and gave it me. It took
fire with a fizzing like a rocket fuse, and
was well blackened with gunpowder,
When the flint had failed to bring tho y
firing pcark, the old man had set his piece '
off with the candle flame. . '
We found him in the nook made by the
turn of tho stair, flung thither, as it
seemed, by the recoil of the great bell-
mouthed blunderbuss which he was still
clutching. The fall had partly stunned
him, but he was alive enough toprotest
feebly that he would take a dozen oaths
upon his loyalty to the cause; that he had
mistook us for some thieving marauders
of the other side; craftily leaving cause :
and party without a name till he should
have his cue from us.
"So she is safe and well, Mr. Stair,'tis
all I ask to know."
"She is safe enough; safer by far than
you are at this minute, my young cock
a-hoop rebel, now that" the King—God
save him! —has*his own again."
- I turned quickly on the broad door
stone to look within,
"How is that you say, Mr. Stair?" says
Dick. "The King —but that is only the
old Tory fcry. There will never be a
King again this side of the water."
The old man 1 reached'out and hooked
a lean finger-in the lad's: buttonhole,
"Say you so, Richard Jennifer? Then
you will never have heard the glorious
news?" This with a leer.that might have
been of triumph or the mere whetting of
gossip eagerness—I could not tell,
"No," says Richard, with much Indif
ference.
"Hear it. then.' .'Twas at Camden, four
days since. "They came together in the
murk of. the Wednesday morning, my
Lord . Cornwallls.i and 'that poor fool
Gates. De Kalb is dead; your blethering
Irishman, Rutherford, is captured; and
your, rag-tag rebel' army j is scattered to
the four winds. And' that's not all. On
the : Friday, . Colonel Tarleton came up
with Sumter at Fishing Creek and caught
him napping. , Whereupon, Charlie Mc-
Dowell , and the over mountain j men, j see
ing air was lost, broke their camp on the
Broad and took. to. their heels, every man
Jack of them - for himself. So ye see, .
Dickie . Jennifer, there's never a cursecij
corporal's guard • left In" either Carolina
to stand in the King's way."
He rattled all ; this off glibly, . like , a
child' repeating some lesson got by heart;
¦but when-Iiwouldhave found a grain of
comfort In the hope that it was a farra
go of Falconnet' a lies. Jennifer made the
truth appear,- In answer to a curt ques
tion.
" 'Tis . beyond doubt— all this. Mr.
StairrV: .; . ... ..:. , •';¦; :?'¦¦£{.-'.
:. The old loyalist— loyalist now, if never
certainly before— sat down* on' the settle
"Nay, nay; that you shall not. Dick,"
I began, but he was half way through
the narrow passage to the open, trailing
the ancient broadsword and the bearskin
from his bed: and I was fain to follow
quickly, leaving the protest all unfinished.
"What is it. Jack?" he asked, gently.
"My sword!" I gasped. "We should
have been half-way there by this. Yeate3
was misled. 'Ti3 Falconnet she fears.
She was at bay— hark you, at bay and
fair desperate. That word of hers to the
Baronet was her poor pitiful defiance built
on .her trust In us, and we have lain
here-" *
He found the sword and thrust it into
my hand, crying:
"Come on! You can Ptrew tha dust
and ashes on m« later. You said you
loved her the better, and I do believe It
now. Jack! You trusted her, as I did not
We'll fight as one man to cut her out
of this coll, whatever It may be: and
after that Is done I'll make my bow and
leave you a fair field."
"Francis F«lconnet was under the same
roof with her — or at least In easy call—
when ehe wrote that. Jack. He is no
longer my rival— nor yours."
Ills word set me thinking, and I would
fall to picking out the strands that Jeal
ous wrath had woven for me Into the web
of happenings. Setting aside the story
brought by Kphraim Yeates, there was
no certain proof that she had ever fa
vored the Englishman; nay, more, till I
had come to be madly jealous of Falcon
net, I had made sure that Jennifer was
the favored one.
At this, as one sees a landscape struck
out clear and vivid by the lightning's
flash. 1 saw the true meaning of the word
the hunter had brought— saw it and went
upon my knees to grope blindly' for the
sword I had let fall when Dick had found
th«» arrow.
"Now God have mercy on us both!" I
groaned. "Forgive me. Dick, if you can;
I was as mad as any Bedlamite. If I
have any claim on her, 'tis not of her
good will, you may be sure. You have
the Baronet to fear— not me."
He shook his head and pointed to the
parchment- to the line In French.
This brought me to my senses at a
gallop, as you would guess; to them and
to the lighting of the conscience flra with
in whereon to grill the wicked heart that
but now, had thirsted for a brother!*
blood.
space; two men "with every tie to knit
us close together, and yet— God save us
all!— a pair of wild beasts strung up to
the killing pitch because, forsooth, we
must needs front each other across a
deadline drawn by the finger of a. woman!
God knows what would have come of
all this had my dear lad been as fierce a
fool as L 'Twas his good common sense
that saved us both, I think, for when the
savage rival madness was at its height
he turned away, swearing, wa were the
very cick and choice of a world of asses
to stand thus feeling, for each other's
throats when, mayhap, the lady needed
both of us.
"And that word will be— '?"
"That she loves another man. Come,
let us be at it; we should be well out of
this before the plantation people are
astir.". : . • :r- v^?:^
He saw my meaning; that I would stand
aside and let him be her succor If she
needed help. But he would not have lt'so.
"No," he said, doggedly. "We'll go to
gether, and she shall choose between us
for a champion if she Is in the humor to
honor either of us. That is what 'twill
come to In the end, and I warn you fairly,
John Ireton, I shall neither give nor take
advantage in this strife. I said last night
that I would stand aside, but that I can
not—not till she herself says the killing
word with her own lips."
I hesitated. "I see no great risk in all
this, and whatever the hazard, 'tis less
f or ¦ one than for two. You'd best go
alone, Richard."
His answer was prompt and to the
point! "To press on afoot through the
forest till we come to the York settle
ment; then to borrow a pair of Tory
horses and ride like gentlemen. Are you
game for It?"
"A dyed-in-the-wool Tory family seated
some ten miles across the line in York
district. «True,» 'tis a rank Tory hotbed
over there-and we shall run some risk."
"Never name risk to me if you love me,
Richard Jennifer!" I broke in. "What 13
your plan?"
"God knows how much or little she
has had to say about it," said he. "But
I mean ! to know, too, before I put my
name on any company roll." We were
among the trees by this, moving off for
safety's sake, since the day was coming;
and he broke off short to wheel and face
me as one who would throttle a growling
cur before It has a chance to bite. "We
know the worst of each other now, Jack,
and we must stand to our compact. Let
us see her safe beyond peradventure of a
doubt; then I'm with you to fight the
redcoats single-handed. If you like I
know what you will say— that the coun
try calls us now more than ever; but
there must needs be some little rallying
interval after all this disaster, and "
"Have done. Richard," said I. "Set the
pace and mayhap I can keep step with
you. What do you propose?"
"This, that we go to Witherby Hall and
get speech with Mistress Madge, if so
be—"
"Stay a moment. Who are these With
erbys?" . .
¦ "There will be plenty of fighting yet.
and we must go bear a hand where it is
needed most." said I. "Where will that
be, think you? At Charlotte?"
He looked at me reproadhfully.
"This time 'tis you who are the lag
gard In love,- John Ireton. Will you go
and leave Mistress Margery wanting an
answer to her poor little cry for help?"
I shrugged. "What would you? Has
she not taken her affair Into her own
hands?" /
"It seems we have missed our cue on
all sides," he went on, not without bit
terness. "I would we might have had a
chance to fire a shot or- two before the
Bhip went down." . • ; ,
"At Camden, you mean? That's but
the beginning; the real battles are all to
be fought yet, I should say."
He shook his head despondently. "You
are a newcomer. Jack, and you know not
how near outworn the country Is. Gil
bert Stair has the right of it when he
cays there v/ill be nothing to stop the
red coats now." ¦
I ~ called to mind the resolute little
handful under Captain Abram Forney,
one. of many such, he had told me, and
would not yield the point.
| "Of her own free will?'.' Dick persisted.
"Damme! yes; bag, baggage, serving
wench and all. Now will you be off
about your business before some spying
rascal lays an Information against me
for harboring you?".
Richard Joined me on the door-stone.
The dawn was in its twilight now, and
the great trees on the lawn were taking
gray and ghostly shapes In the dim per
spective.
"You heard, what he had to say?"
said he . .
I nodded. I .
"'Tis none of your" : business. Dickie
Jennifer, but you may . know and be
hanged to you! She rode home with the
Witherbys last plght after the rout, and
w:ll be by this safe away in' t'other Caro
llr.a where your cursed! Whlggeries
Carena lift head or hand." ¦'.
Gilbert Stair cursed 'him roundly for
an impertinent jackanapes, and then
gave him his answer . j ; . -;' v
. "You'd best be off. light foot and tight
foot, Master Richard, lest •¦,. you ' learn
shrewdly for yourself. 1 I 'Tis in w: everj
body*s mouth by this." There were some
five-and-forty of the King's- friends come
together here no longer than yesfcore'en
to drink his. Majesty's -health, and eh,
man! but It will coat me a pretty penny!
Will that satisfy ye?" • $
"Yes," said Jennifer, [thinking, may
hap, as I did, that nothing short of gos
pel-true news would have sufficed to un
lock this poor old miser's; wine, cellar.
"And that fetches me back to our errand
here. You say Madgo Is safe. Does that
mean that you have spirited her away
since last night?" -' > ¦ .
"DInna fash yoursel' about Madge. .
Richard Jennifer. She's "meat for your
betters, sir !'* rapped the old man, lasp
ing into the mother tongue, as he did
now and then in fear or, anger.
"Still, I would know' what you mean
when you say she is safe," says Rlch
ard, whose determination to crack a nut
was always proportioned to the hardness
of the shell. ' . 4
'¦J5.-V-- -¦ :¦:¦.. ¦ -..-;. \ ¦ . ¦¦¦ ¦ -. -¦:•¦•:¦¦
and laughed; a dry. wizened -cackle of a
laugh that sounded like the* crumpling of
new parchment.
Uncanoola held up all the fingers of one
hand and two of the othor. "Sebben In
jun, one paleface," he said In confirma
tion.
I looked at Richard and he gave me
back the eyeshot with a hearty curse to
speed It.
"Falconnet!" said he, by way of tail
piece to the oath, and I nodded.
" 'Twas that there same hoss captain,
sure enough, ez I reckon," drawled
Yeates. "Maybe one o' you two can tell
what-all he nought be a-drivtns at."
Jennifer shook his head, and I. too, was
silent. 'Twas out of all reason to suppose
that the Baronet would resort to sheer
violence and make a terrified- captive of
the woman he wanted to m3rry. It was a
curious mystery, and the hunter's next
word Involved It still more.
"And ylt that ain't all. Whilst some o
. the Injuns was a-whooplng It up acrost
the creek, a-chaslng the folks that was
making tracks for their city o' refuse.
t'others run the two gals oft into the big
woods at the side o* the road. Then
Mister Hoss-Captaln picks up the Afrtkln.
ctiucks him on a hoss and send3 him
a-kitlng with his flea in his. ear; after
which he climbs his hoss and makes
tracks hisself-not to ketch up with
the gals, ez you mought reckon,
but off yon way." pointing across tha ,
creek and down- the road to the south-J
Jennifer heard him through, had him
set it all out again in plainest fashion,
and after all could only say: "You are
Bure you have the straight of It, EphT'
The borderer appealed to Uncanoola,
We stood aside and watched them.
Richard and I, realizing that we were of
small account and should be until, per
chance. It should come to the laying on
of hearty blows. After the closest, scru
tiny, which took account of every brokaa
twig and trampled blade of grass, this
prolonged until the rain was falling
smartly to wash out all the fotprlnts la
the dusty road. Yeates and the Indian
gave over and came to Join ci under the
sheltering branches of an oak.
M 'Tls a mighty cur*is sign; most mighty
cnr*is," quoth the hunter, f^^g^ny th*
rain-drops from his fur cap and empty-
Ing the pan of his rifle, not' upon the
ground, • as a soldier would, bat savlnjr
every precious grain. "Ea I allow, X
never heerd tell of any Injuns a-doinjr
that-away afore; have you. chief, heyf
The Catawba's negative was his guttu
ral "Wah." and Ephraim, Yeatea. having
carefully restored the final grain of the
priming to his powder-horn, proceeded to
enlighten us at some length. <
"Mighty cur'ls,. ez I was a-saylng.
The Injuns fixed up an ambushment.
blazed In a volley at the closest sort o*
range and followed It up with a. toma
hawk and knife rush— lessen that -there
Af rikin was too plumb daddled to tell any
truth whatsomedever. And. spite of all
this here rampaging, they never drawed
a single drop o' blood In the whole en
during scrimmage! Mighty cur'ls, that;''
ain't It. now? And that ain't all; some
o' them same Injuns, or leastwise one of
'em. was a-wearing boots with spurs Into
'em. What say, chief V
Here I should have been In despair for
the lack of any Intelligible hint to point
the way, and I think not even Jennifer.
with all his woodcraft, could have read
the record of the onfall as Yeates and
the Catawba did. But for all the over
lapping tangle of mocassin, and hoof
prints neither of these men of the forest
was at fault, though ten minutes later
even their skill must have been baffled.
Inasmuch as the first few spitting rain
drops were pattering In the tree-tops
when we came upon the ground.
"That's Jest about what I was most
afeard of." said the borderer, with a
hasty glance skyward. "Down on your
hunkers, chief, and help me read this
sign afore the good Lord takes to send
ing rain on the jest and the onjest," and
therewith these two fell to quartering all
the ground like trained dogs nosing, for a
scent.
In spite of this delay It was yet early
In the forenoon of that memorable Sun
day, the 20th of August, when we set our
faces southward and took up tha line of
march to the ford of the ambushment.
By now the sky was wholly overcast and
the wind was blowing fresher in the tree
tops, but though as yet the storm held off
the air was the cooler for the threatened
rain, and this was truly a- blessing, since
the old hunter put us keen upon our met
tle to keep pace with him.
We marched Indian file, Ephraim
Yeates in the lead, Uncanoola at his heels
and the two of us heavier-footed ones
bringing up the rear. Knowing thu
wooded wilderness by length and breadth,
the old man held on through thick and
thin, straight as an arrow to the mark;
and so we had never a sight of the road
again till we came out upon it suddenly at
the ford of violence.
this: the party of homing revelers had
been ambushed and waylaid at the ford
ing of a creek some miles to the south
ward and In the melee the young mistress
and her .tire-woman had been captured.
So far as any actual witness of the eye
went. the negro had seen nothing. Thera
had been a volley tire from the thlckat
belly of black darkness, a swarming at
tack to a chorus of Indian yells, shouts
from the men, shrieks from the women,
confusion worse confounded in which the
newsbearer himself had been unhorsed
and trodden under foot. After which he
knew no more till some one— his master,
as he thought— kicked him alive and bads
him mount and ride post-haato on the
backward track to Appleby Hundred,
crying the news as he went that Mistress
Margaret Stair and her moid had been
kidnaped by the Indians.
Pinned to the mark and questioned
afresh, the slava could not affirm of his
own knowledge that any one had been
killed outright. Pinned again. It proved
to be only a guess of his that the one
who had given him his orders was his
master. In the darkness and confusioa
he could make sure of nothing; had made
sure of nothing save hla own frenzy of
terror and the wording of the messag* he
carried. '•
When we had quizzed him empty we
hoisted him upon his beast and sent him
once more a-gallop on the road to Ap
pleby Hundred. That done & hurried
council of war was held In which we
four fell apart, three against one. Jenni
fer was for Instant pursuit afoot and at
top speed, and Ephraim Yeates and the
Catawba. abandoning their own emprise
apparently without a second . thought,
sided indifferently with hf™ For my
part, I was for going back to prepare in
decent order for a campaign which
should promise somothlng more hopeful
than the probability of speedy exhaus
tion, starvation and failure.
For all the good It did I might have
spared my pains and saved by breath.
Jennifer broke me in the midst, crying
cut that I was even now killing the pre
cious minutes, and so our ill-starred ven
ture had Its launching in the frenzied
haste that seldom makes for. speed. One
small concession I wrung out of his Im
patience—this with the help of Yeates and
the Catawba. We went back to the
breakfast camp, rekindled the flre and
cooked what we could keep and carry of
the venison.
Pruned down to the simple statement
of the fact and with all the foolish terror
chatterlngs weeded out, his news came tr>
length the story was told ; all save the
principal fact of the carrying* off of Mia
tress Margery and her maid wa.s hazy
enough. ¦
RUN A RACC-"
It was some time before -ths afTri^ht^ii
black could give as any connected ac
count of what had befallen, and when at
IN WHICH WE STRIVE AS XtEX YO
CHAPTER XX.
crec's begging of a bag of meal a thins or
peril.
"They'll starve us out In shortest meas
ure at this rate." he prophesied. "They
have trampled down all the standing corn
for miles around and . thi» monitor they
burned the mill. *Tls our notice to quit,
arid we'd best take it There has been
lighting to the south of us— a. plenty of
it— at Rocky Mount and Hanging Rock,
and elsewhere, and every man Is needed.
If you are strong enough to stand the
march, we'll run tha gantlet down the
river in the pirogue and cut across from
lower ford to Join Major Davie or Mr.
Gates."
1 said I was fit enough and would do
whatever he thought best. And then I
took a steo upon the forbidden ground.
"Falconnet Is still at Appleby Hun
dred?" I said.
He nodded.
"And you will Join the army at the
front and leave Margery to his tender
mercies?"
Ills laugh was bitter. 6O bitter that I
scarce knew it for Richard Jennifer's.
"Mistress Margery Stair is well, and
well content, as I told you once before.
She has no wish for you or me, unless it
Le to see us well hanged."
"Nay. Richard; you Judga her over
harslily. I fear you do not love- her as
her lover ehould."
"Say you so? Listen: To-night I got
as far as the manor house, being fool
enough to risk my neck for another eight
of her. God helD me. Jack! I had it.
They have scraped together all the Tory
riff-raff this side of the river— Falconnet
and the others— and are holding high
revel at Appleby. Since it is still our
true-blue borderland, they are scant
enough of women of their own kidney,
and I saw Madge dancing like any light
o* love with every Jackanapes that
offered."
"In her father's house she could not
well do less," I averred, cut to the heart,
a» he was, and yet without his younger
lover's Jealousy to -make me unjust.
"Or more." he added, savagely. " "Tis
a» I say; rhe lacks nothing we can give
her and we'd as well be off about our
business."
I think he never had It in his heart to
leave her in any threat of danger. But
from his point of view there was no dan
ger threatcnfr.s her save that which she
wfmH willing enough to rush upon— a
life of titled misery as Lady Faleonnet.
I saw liow he would r.ee It; saw. too. that
his »a? the saner summing of it up. And
yet-
He br<-ike into my musings with a point
ed question. "Whet pay you. Jack? 'Tls
but a little whiffet of a Tory jade who
cares not the snap of her finger for either
of u«s. The night Is fine and dark. Shall
we float the canoe and give them all the
slU>?"
Thin was how it came to turn upon a
"!'¦•<" or "no" of mine. I hesitated. I
know not why. In the little pause the flre
burned low between us and the shadows
deepened In the burrow cavern until they
strangled the eye as mephitic vapors
Fcant a man of breath. The silence, too,
was stifling. There was no sound to
breach it save the jrurglinpr murmur of
the river, and this was subdued and In
termittent like the death-rattle in the
throat of the dying.
I've always made a scoff of superstition,
and yet. my dears, a thousand questions
in this life of ours must hang answerless
to the crack of doom If you deny It stand
ing-room. I knew no more than I have
set down here of Margery's besetment:
nay. I had every reason Richard Jennifer
had to believe that she was well and well
content, lacking nothinp. cave, mayhap,
the freedom to marry where she chose.
And yet. out of the stifling silence there
came a sudden cry for help; a cry voice
less to the outward ear, but sharp and
piercing to that liner Inward sense; a cry
fo real that I would start and listen,
marveling that Jennifer made no sign of
having heard It.
In the harkening instant there was a
faint twang like the thrumming of a dis
tant ham string, and then the grave-like
silence was rent smartly by the whistling
hiss of an arrow, the 6haft passing evenly
between us and scattering the handful of
fire where it struck.
Jennifer came alive with a start, leap
ing up with a malediction between his
teeth upon our dallying.
"Too late, by God:" he. cried. They've
trapped us like a pair of blind moles!"
And with that he caught up the ancient
broadsword, only to swear again when
he found no room to swing it In.
Havinrr the handier weapon, I slipped
out before him. creeping on hands and
kr.ees till I could see the leafy screen at
the den's mouth, and the shimmering re
flection of the stars upon the water be
yond it. There wa? no sight nor sound of
any enemy and the canoe lay safe as
Jennifer had left It.
To make assurance sure, I would have
scrambled to the bank above, but at the
moment Jennifer hallo>e<l softly to me,
and so I crept back Into the burrow.
"See here." he said excitedly. "What a
devil will vou make of this?"
He had drawn the scattered embers to
pethe-r, fanning them ablaze again, and
had sought and found the arrow. It was
a blunt-head reed and no war shaft. And
around the middle of It. tightly wrapped
and tied with rilken threads, was a little
ccroll of parchment.
*' 'Tls the Catawba's arrow," said Jen
nifer, though how he knew I could not
pues:-: and then he cut the threads to free
the scroll.
Unrolled and rpread at large, the parch
ment proved to be that map of Captain
Stuart's that I had found and lost again.
And on the margin of it was my note to
Jennifer, written In that trying moment
when the bribed sentry waited at the door
end my sweet lady stood trembling beside
rne. murmuring her "Holy Marys."
"Read it." said I. "It explains itself.
Tarleton had Laid me by the heels to wait
for the hansrman. and I would have
passed the word about the Indian-arming
on to you. But my messenger was over
hauled, and — "
"Yes. yes." he broke 5n; "I've spelled It
out. Rut this line added at the bottom—
eurely. that Is never your crabbed fist.
By heaven! 'tis In Madge's hand!"
He knelt to hold It closer to the flicker-
Ing fircliarht. and we deciphered it to
gether. It was but a line, as he had said,
with neither .greeting nor leave-taking,
address nor sijnature.
"If this should come Into the hands
of any true-hearted gentleman" — here
was » blot as if the pen had slipped from
the fingers holding it; and then. In
French., the very wording of the Inarticu
late cry that had come to me out of the
darkness and silence: "A mol! pour
1'amour de Dieu!"
We fell apart, each to his own side of
the handful of embers.
"You make it out?" said I, after a mo
ment of strained El!enc#.
He nodded. "She has prattled the par
lez-vous to me ever since we were boy
and maid together."
A full minute more of the threatening
ellence. a.nd at the end of It we were
glaring at each other like two wild crea
tures crouching for the spring.
It v.-as Jennifer who spoke first. " 'Twas
meant for me," he said: and his voice had
the warning of a mastiffs growl in it.
"No!" said I. curtly.
"I say it was!"
"Then you say the thing which Is not"
Had I been Richard Jennifer, I know
not what bitter reproach I should have
found to hurl at the man who had thrice
owed his life to me. But he said no word
tif what had gone before.
"You may give me the lie. If you like,
John Ireton. I shall not strike you." He
tsS6 it slowly, but his face was gray
with anger. Then he added, hotly: "You
know well that word was meant for me!" (
At this— God forgive me!— my jealous
wrath broke bounds and I cursed him for
t beardless coxcomb who must needs
think he stood alone in the eye of every
rom&n he should meet. "She needs a
man!" I raged., lost now to every sense
of decent Justice, "a man, I say! And to
whom would fhe send If not to her—"
I choked upon the word. He had risen
with rat. and we stood face to face In
that grim earth-womb, snarling fiercely
It each other across the narrow firellt
. We picked the black up and soused
him in the stream till- he found his
tongue; and the first wagging of • that
useful member gave us news to flre the
blood in our veins — In Jennifer's and
mlne^at any rate.
The old man, cut another slice of the
venison and took his time to Impale It
on the forked toasting stick. . '
"Well, then I says to the chief, here,
says I. 'Chief, this here's our A-number
one chance to spile the 'Gyptlans; get
heap gun. heap powder, heap lead, heap
scalp.' The chief, he says, 'Wah!' — which
Is good Injun talk for anything ye like—
and so here we are, hot-foot on the trail
o' that there hoss-captaln and his pow
der varmints."
"Alone?" said I, in sheer amazement
at the brazen effrontery, of this chase of
half a hundred well armed men by two.
' The old hunter chuckled his dry little
laugh. "We ain't slch tarnation big fools
ez.we look, Cap'n John. There's a good
plenty of 'em to wallop us, ez I'll allow,
if it come" to fighting 'em fair and square.
But there'll be some dark night 'r other
whenst we can slip up on 'em and raise
a scalp f r two and lift what plunder we
can tote: hey, chief?"
But now Richard would inquire what
time in the night the powder convoy left
Appleby Hundred, and if Gilbert Stair's
York district guests had, traveled with
it. To these askings Yeates made an
swer that Falconnet and his troop, with
the Cherokee contingent, had taken the
road at midnight, or thereabouts: and
that the Witherbys, with Mistress Mar
gery riding her own black mare, and her
maid on a pillion behind a negro groom,
had passed some two hours later.
This was as we had hoped It might be;
but when Dick's satisfaction would have
set Itself in word3, the old hunter made
a sudden sign for silence and quickly
flung himself full length to lay his ear
to the ground. Whereat we all began
likewise to listen, but I. for one. heard
nothing till Yeates said: "A hoss; a
taking the back track like old Jehu the
son of Nimshi was a-givlng him the whip
and spur," and then we all marked -the
distant drumming of hoofbeats.
The old borderer sprang afoot, kicked
the flre into the stream, and caught up
his rifle. "Let's be a-moving." he said.
"We must make out to stop that there
hoss-galloper at the ford and find out
what-all he's a rip-snorting that-away
for."
The road crossing of the stream was
but a little way above our breakfast
camp; and we were out of the thicket in
time to see the horseman, a negro cling
ing with locked arms to the neck of his
mount, come tearing down to the ford.
At sight of us. or else because he would
not take. the water at full speed.- the
horse reared, pawed the air, and fell
clumsily, carrying his skilless rider with
him. -:TT&&&te&£&B&WE9BBBS&BSttKA
stealthy r in ' approach ;"and - tiger-strong {to
spring. .
• In: due time , our creeping progress
' brought us out of the thicket on the brink
of the higher creek bank. Just here the
stream ran in a shallow ravine with shelv
ing, banks of clay, and on its hither mar-
Kin was a bit of grassy intervale biff
enough for a horse .to roll upon. Though
it was sadly out of season the carcass of
a deer, fresh killed, hung upon a branch
of the nearest tree, with a rifle leaning
against the trunk as if to guard It. in
the middle of the bit of sward a tiny camp
fire burned, and at the flre. squat t ng
with their backs to us and each toasting
a cut of the deer's meat on a forked
stick, were two men.
One of these men would pass by cour
tesy as a white. His hunting shlr f. an °
leggings were of deerskin, well S*™?«
and greasy, with leather fringes at the
>eams of leg and sleeve. For all the sum
mer heat he wore a cap fashioned of rac
coon skin with the fur on: and for this
great cap his iron-gray hair, matted and
unkempt, served as a fringe to keep the
other* tassellngs* In countenance. ina
hunting shirt was belted at the waist and
in the ben was thrust a sheathless knife
huge enough to serve a butcher's PUW*-
From two leather thongs crossed upon
his shoulders hung the Powder-horn ana
bullet pouch, and these, with the knlia
and rifle, summed up his accouterments
The other was a red man and his attire
was simpler.. Like all our southern In
dians, he went naked to the waist, but
the savage's love <>f ornament showed
forth in the fringe of colored porcupine
quills on his leggings and in bis raven
hair bestuck with feathers. For arms ne
had an arsenal in his belt-two gr eat pis
tols, a tomahawk and the « c^P*f *¦*""•
this last smaller than the white mans
carving tool, but far more vicious look
er a moment or two we* crouched ir
resolute on the brink oC the ravine.^ nei
ther of us recognizing the two *« low ;
Then my young raahllng must need* let
Ol -' t Now, el b'y all that's lucky!" he cri«d.
and -would have leaped to his feet . But at
the instant the earth-edge gave WJj£
der.hlm and he was sent * urob " n * r£
the small landslide of clay down upon the
twain at the flra. ,._•«>«
It went within a trembling halr's
breadth of a tragedy. The two .at the
nre sprang up as one man. and 1*e bound
that set the hunter afoot brought his .long
rifle to his shoulder. But that the Indian
was the Quicker Richard's life would
have paid the penalty of his sup.
I think. At the triwer-pulling
Instant the Catawba thrust the thick of
his hand between stone and steel, ana
the flint bit. harmless for Jennifer. Into
the palm of the Indian.
"Wah!" he ejaculated, in his soft gut
tural. "No want kill Captain Jennir.
hey?"
Ephraim Teates lowered, his T r - # » pon .
and released the pinched hand held last
by the gun-flint.
"Well, I'm daddled. fair and square.
Cap'n Dick!" he declared. "Jest one more
shake of a dead lamb's tall, and Ida.
had ye on my mind, sartain sure! I al
lowed ye knowed better than to come
whammling cfewn that-away behint a
man whilst he's a-cooklng his ven son.
Dick laughed and called to me to fol
low, as I could. And his answer to the
old borderer was no answer at all.
"'Tls to be hoped you and the chief
don't mean to be nldderlng with that
deer's meat. We were guessing but a
half-hour back. Captain Ireton and I,
whether or no we'd have to take up belt
slack for our breakfast."
At the word the Catawba whipped out
his knife and fell to work hospitably on
the meat supply.
While we ate, Richard apoke freely of
our intendings; and in return Ephraim
Yeates was able to confirm Mr. Gilbert
Stair's war news to the letter. For all
his Tory bias and prejudice, it seemed
that Margery's father had spoken by the
book. Gates' army was crushed and
scattered to the four winds; Thomas
Sumtera free-lances had been attacked,
worsted and driven, with the leader him
self so sorely wounded that he was car
ried from the field in a blanket slung
between the horses of two of his men;
and. rs was to be expected, the Tories
were up and arming In all the north
country. Truly, th« prospect was most
gloomy and the outlook for the patriot
cause was to the full as desperate as
King George himself could wish.
"But you, Ephraim, and the chief,
here; are you two running away like all
the others?" Richard would ask.
The old hunter growled his denial be
tween the mouthfuls of scarce-warmed
meat. "I reckon ez how 'tis t'other way
'round; we're sort o* camping on the red
coats' trail, ez I allow. Ain't we, chief.
heyT*
The- Catawba's assent was a guttural
"Wah!" and Ephraim Teates went on to
explain.
"Ye see, 'tis this-away. Tou took a
laugh out'n me, Cap'n Dick, for spying
'round on that there Britisher hoss-cap
taln and his redskins; but 'long , to'ards
the last I met up with a thing *r two
wo'th knowing. 'Twas a powder and lead
cargo they was a-waiting for; and
they're allowing to sneak it through the
mountings to the overhill Cherokees."
"Well?" says Dick.
"Yah!" he screamed, chokhig out the
muddy creek water that had well-nigh
strangle, dhkn. "Yah! red debhil Injins
kill ebberybody and tote off atlstis
ilarjc*y and dat 'Jeanne 'ootnan! Dat's
what dey done!" ¦• .
THE SUNDAY CALL.THE SUNDAY CALL.
(Continued Next Sunday.)
was loosed because the light was poor,
and a hair's breadth swerving of the
aim might spare the man and slay the
woman. As for the two of us who must
needs come within stabbing distance,
the same -thought set us both to strip
pins coats and foot-clogs for a plungo
Into the barrier torrent. But when we
would have broken cover, the old bor
derer dropped his weapon and gripped us
with a hand for each.
"No, no; none o' that!" he whispered,
hoarsely. "Ye'd drown like rats, and wo
can't afford no seen foolish sakerflces on
the altar o" Baal. Hunker down and He
clost; if there's any dying to be done,
ye've got a good half o" the night ahead
of ye, and there's all o* to-morrow that
ain't teched yet."
It takes a pitiless avalanche of words
to spread these interlinear doings out for
you; but you are \o conceive that the
pause is mine and not the action's. While
the old man was yet pulling us down,
my fearless little lady had drawn back
a pace and was giving the villain his
answer.
"I am glad I know you now for what
you are. Captain Falconnet." she said,
coldly. And then: "You can take me
with you. If you choose, having uha
brute strength to make good so much
of your threat. But that Is all. You
cannot take for yourself what I have
given to another."
"Cannot, you say?" He clapped his
hat on smartly and whistled^ for his
horse-holder; and when the man was
gone to fetch the mounts for the wom
en. Wo finished out the sentence. "Lis
ten, you. in your turn. Mistress Spitfire.
I shall take what I list, and before you
see your father's house again, you'll beg
die* on your knees, as other women have,
to marry you for very shame's sake!"
It was then that Uncanoola did the
skillfulest bit of Jugglery it has ever
been my lot to witness. Posturing like
one of those old Grecian discus-throwers,
he sent his scalping knife handle fore
most to glide snake-like through the
grass to stop at Margery's feet. Though
I think she knew not how It got there,
she saw it, and the courage of the sight
helped her to say, quickly:
"When it comes to that, sir, I shall
know how to keep faith with honor."
His laugh was the harshest mockery
of mirth. "You will keep faith with me,
dear lady; do you hear? Otherwise—"
He turned to take the black mare from
his man. At this my brave one set her
foot upon the weapon In the grass.
"I have no faith to keep with you.
Captain Falconnet." she said.
He struck back viciously. "Then, by
heaven, you'd best make the occasion. It
has happened, ere this, that a lady aa
dainty as you are has become a play
thing for an Indian camp. It lies with
me to save you from that, my mistress."
She stooped to gather her skirts for
mounting and in the act secured and
hid the knife.* So her answer had In It
the fine steadfastness of one who may
make desperate terms with death for
honor's sake.
ing, glance, around that minded me of
some poor hunted thing* hopelessly en
meshed In the net. of the fowler, she
clasped, her hands and. wrung them,
breaking down; plteously at the last, and
begging him by all that men hold sacred
to send her and her maid back to her
father, If only with a single soldier tor
a guard.
'Twas then we . had to drag; my dear
lad down and bold him fast, else he had
flung himself Into the torrent In some
mad endeavor to spend his life for her.
So I know not In what false phrase the
Baronet refused her, but when I looked
again she was no longer pleading as his
suppliant; .she was standing before him
in the martyr steadfastness of a true,
clean-hearted woman at bay.
"Then you will not "by so much undo
the wrong you have done me, Captain
Falconnet?" she said. .
"A wrong? How then; do you call It a
wrong to rescue you from these brutal
savages. Mistress Margery?"
She took a step nearer, and though the
dry-stick blaze was ' dying down and I
could no 'longer see her face distinctly.
I knew well how the scornful eyes were
whipping him.
"Listen!" she said. "When you set
Tallachama and his braves upon us In
the road that night, you were not cau
tious enough. Captain Falconnet. I saw
and heard you. More than that. Talla
chama and the others have spoken freely
of your plans In their own tongue, not
knowing that my poor Jeanne had been
three years a captive among the Telli
quos," • ' ,. »
The attack was so sudden-sharp and
so completely a surprise that he was ta
ken off his guard, else I made sure he
would not at such a time have dropped
the gentlemanly mask to stand forth the
confessed ravlsher.
"So ho? Then you have been playing
fast and loose with me as you did with
the handsome young planter and that
beggarly captain of Austrians? 'Twas a
bold game, ma petite, but you have lost
and I have won. for my game was still
bolder than yours. What I need. I take.
Mistress Madge, be it the body of a
woman or the life of a man. Savez-vous
un homme desespere, ma cherle? I am
that man. You pique me. and I need the
dowry you will bring. If I could have
killed your lover out of hand I might
have been content to leave you for a
time. Since I could not. you go where I
go; and when we return I shall do you
the honor to make you Lady Falconnet!"
The effect of this fierce tirade, poured
out In a torrent of hot words, was less
marked upon his helpless captive than
it was upon her four would-be de
fenders. It moved us variously,
each .' after his kind; nevertheless.
I think the same thought lighted
instantly upon each of us. Though we
might not reach and rescue here, her
sharpest peril would be blunted upon
the quieting of this fiend-in-chief.
So Ephralm Yeates stretched himself
face downward in the damp grass and
brought his long rifle to bear, while the
Indian sprang up and poised his hatchet
for the. throw; but neither lead nor steel
were converging in orderly, array.. upon
the encampment, and at the blazing up
of the dry branches their leader gave the
command to charge.
What sham battle there was, or was
meant to be, was over in the briefest
space. The troopers galloped in with
shouts and aimless pistollngs, raising. a
clamor that was instantly doubled by the
yells of the Indians. As for resistance,
the charging troop met ¦* with^ nothing
worse than the yellings and a scattering
fusillade in air. Then the ring of horse
men narrowed in to closer quarters and
there was some flashing of bare steel In
the firelight, at which the Cherokee.kid
napers melted away and vanished as if
by magic. ..
With the shouts and the firing Mar
gery and her maid had burst out of the
sleeping lodge to find themselves in the
thick of the sham battle: and it was but
womanlike that they ' should add * their
shrieks to the din. being as well terrified
as they had a right to be. But now the
leader of the attacking troop . speedily
brought order with a word of command;
and when his men fell back to post
themselves as vedettes among the trees,
the officer dismounted to uncover courte
ously and to bow low to the lady.
"The hoss-captain!" muttered Ephraim
Yeates under his breath; but we did not
need his word for it. 'Twas but a child's
pebble-toss across the barrier stream,
and we could both see and hear.
"I give you Joy of your escape, Mis
tress Margery," said the Baronet, mouth
ing his words like a player, who had long
since conned his lines and got them well
by heart and letter-perfect. "These slip
pery savages have given us a pretty
chase. I do assure you. . But you are
trembling yet; calm yourself, dear lady;
you are quite safe now."
I was watching her intently as he
spoke. 'Twas now hard upon two months
since I had seen her last in that fateful
upper room at Appleby Hundred.'fflld the
interval— or mayhap it was only the
hardships and distresses of the captive
flight — had changed her wofully. Yet
now, as when we had stood together at
the bar of Colonel Tarleton's court, I saw
her pass from mood to mood in the turn
ing of a leaf, her natural terror slipping
from her like a cast-off garment, and a
sweet dignity coming to clothe her In a
queenlier robe, making her, as I would
think, more beautiful than ever.
"I thank you. Sir Francis— for myself
and for poor Jeanne." she said. "You
have come to take us back to my
father T' : O:'-:Z.
He bowed again and spread his hands
as a friend willing but helpless. ¦
"Upon my honor, ray dear lady, noth
ing would give me greater pleasure. But
what can I say? We are upon the King's
business, as you well know, and our
mission will not brook an hour's delay
indeed, we are here only by the good
chance which led your captors to choose
our route for theirs. I have no alterna
tive but to take you and your woman
with us to the west; but I do assure
you— — ¦• (q) ¦
She stopped him with an impassioned
gesture of dissent, and darting a despair-
In and smite, giving no quarter.
The old borderer dwelt at length upon
the need for this severity, saying that a
single Cherokee escaping would bring the
warriors of the Erati tribe down upon
us to cut off all chance of our retreat
with the women. „
"Onless I'm mightily out o' my reck
toplns. this here spot we're a-setting on
"in't more than a day's lnjun-runnlng
from the Tuckasege Towns. With them
gals to hender us we ainf a-going to be
in no fettle for a skimper-scamper race
with a fresh wheen o' the redskins.
Therefore and wherefore, says I. make
them chopping-knives o' yourn cut and
come again, even to the dividing erpart
of soul and nrnrrer."
Dick laughed, and speaking for both of
us. said between his teeth that we were
not likely to be overmerclful.
But now . the : old wolf, of the border
gave us a glimDsVof an unsuspected side
of him. taking Jennifer sharply to talk
and reading him a homily on the sin of,
vengeance for vengeance's sake. In this
harangue he evinced a most astonishing
tongue-srasp of scripture, and for a good
half hour the air was thick with texts. .
It wanted yet a full hour of midnight
when Richard began again to plead pite
ously for instant action. Yeates thought
It sUll over-early, but when Jennifer
'pressed him hard the old borderer lelt
the casting vote to me. .
"What say ye, Cap't John? Your*n wm
be the next oldest head, and I reckon It
hain't been turned plumb "foolish ram
paging crazy by this here purty gal o
Gilbert Stair's."
Now you have read thus far In my
poor tale to little purpose if you have not
yet discovered the major weakness of an
old campaigner, which is to weigh and
measure all the chances, holding it to the
full as culpable to strike too soon_as too
late. This weakness was mine, and in
that evil moment I gave my vote for fur
ther waiting, arguing saplently that my
old field marshal would never set a night
assault afoot till well oh i toward the
dawn.
Jennifer heard me through and yielded,
perforce/though with little good- will.
"I cannot compass it alone, or, by the
gods, I'd go!" he asserted, angrily.
"Mark you, John Ireton, this delay Is a
thing you'll rue whilst you live. Your
cold-cut pros and cons mouth well enough ,
and I'm' no soldier lawyer to argue- them
down. But something better than your
damnable reasons tells me that the hour
has struck— that these very present sec
onds are priceless." Whereupon he flung
himself face down in the grass and would
not speak again until the waiting time
was fully over and Yeates gave the word
to fall in line for the adrance.
Having learned the lay of the land in
his earlier reconnolssance, the old bord
erer shortened the distance for us by,
"guiding us across the neck' of a horseshoe
bend in the stream, and a half hour's
biind groping through the forest fetched
us out upon the river bank again,
time precisely opposite the Indians' lotige
tire on the other side.
Here there was a little pause for three
of us while Ephralm Yeates crept down
the bank to try with his sounding pole
what chance we had of crossing.
Measured by what could be seen from
our covert the narrow width of quick
watero seemed the last of the many ob
stacles.
Lulled to security, as we guessed, by
the apparent success of their ruse to
throw us off the scent, six of the Chero
kees were lying feet to fire like the
spokes of a wheel for which the fitful
blaze was the hub. The seventh man.
was squattedi before a small i tepee: lodge:
of dressed skins, which, as we. took it,
would be the sleeping quarters of the
captives. Whilst all the others lay stiff
and stark as if -wrapped In soundest
sleep, this sentry guard, too, it seemed,
was scarcely more 'than half awake, for
as we looked his gun was slipping from
the hollow of his arm and he was nod
ding to forgetfulness.
Richard was a-crouch beside me in this
peeping reconnoissance. and I could feel
him trembling In impatient eagerness.^
"It should be easy enough— what think
you?" he whispered, and then/ with a
sudden grasp upon my wrist: "You are
cool and steady-nerved, John Ireton; 1
swear you do not love her as I do!"
"Xay, I grant you that,* 1 - Dick," said I,
making sure that his excitement would
obscure the double meaning in the ad
mission. And then I added, sincerely
enough, "She has never given me the
right to love her at alL"
"God help her at this pass!" be said,
more to himself than to me, and then he
would go in a breath from blessing
Margery to cursing Ephraim. Yeates .for
this fresh delay. • ' ©
It was Uncanoola who broke in upon
the muttered ; malediction. » .
"Wall! Captain Jennlf cuss plenty
heap, like missionary medicine man.
Look-see! .Uncanoola no can find white
squaw horse yonder. Mebee Captain Jen
nif* see 'um, hey?"
, At his word we both looked for the
horses, marking now that they were no
where to be seen within the circle lighted
by the lodge fire. The Catawba grunted
his doubt that the enemy was as Inaleri
as he appeared to be; then he set the
doubt in Words. "Chelakee heap slick.
Sleep only one eye, mebee, hey? Injun
warrior no hit .» horse and go sleep both
eye on war path!"
Here our scout came gliding back, so
noiselessly that he was within arm's
reach before we heard him. Dick had
said I was over-cool, but the old man's
ghostlike reappearance made me prlnkle
to my fingers' ends.
"How will it be," Ephr* Dick queried,
hotly eager to be at work. "We can make
it across? Never pay we can't pass that
bit of still water, man!"
But Ephralm Yeates did say so In set
terms. ¦'" '¦ r -\.
"I reckon e* how we've jot to cross,
but not Jest here-away, Cap'n Dick. She -
ain't making any fuss about it, but she's
a-sllpping along like greased lightning,
deep and mighty powerful. I ain't say--
Ing we mought n't swim her and come out'
somewhere thin side of Dan'l Boone's
country, but we'll make It a heap quicker
by projecting- 'round till we find the ford
where them varmints made out to cross."
"God!" said Dick, deep in his throat,
"more time to be killed I By—"
The old man was parting the bushes to
have a better sight of the encampment
opposite, but at Dick's outbreak he fell
back quickly and clapped a hand on the
lips of cursing. .
"Hist! Lookee over yonder.wlll yel"
he cut In. And then In a whisper meant
for no ear but mine: "The Lord be
marclful to that little gal, Cap'n John;
we've fooled our chance away— the rame's
afoot, and we ain't In ltf" . -
: I looked and saw . . nothing save that -
the sentry guard had risen to , throw
a handful of ¦ dry branches . on the
dying fire. But on the Instant .: the
dry wood blazed up, and in i the wider -
circle of . firelight I saw what . the keener 1
eyes of Ephralm Yeates had described the I
sooner.' In the ' shadowy background of
the surrounding forest a dozen horsemen :
furnace-hot, as were all the fair weather
days of that never-to-be-forgotten sum
mer, with a still a!r in the forest that
hung thick and lifeless like the.atmos
phere of an oven; this though we were
well among the mountains and rising
higher with every added mile of wester
ing. -
The sun had passed the meridian and
we were toiling, sweaty-weak, up a rock
strewn mountainside, when a thing oc
curred to rouse us ro'ughly from the fam
ine stupor and set us watchfully alert
In the steeDest part of the ascent, 1 where
the wood, scanted of rooting ground by
the thickly sown strewing of holders, was
open and free of undergrowth, Ephralm
Yeates halted suddenly, signed to us
with UDflung hand and dropped behind a
tree as one shot, and in the same breath
the Catawba, running at Yeates' heels,
lurched aside and vanished as if the
earth had gaped and swallowed him.
A moment later the twang of a bow
string buzzed upon the breathless noon
tide stillness, and Jennifer clutched and
dragged me down in good time to let the
arrow whistle harmless over us. Then,
like a distorted echo of the buzzing bow
string, the sharp crack of the old border
er's rifle rang out smartly, setting the
cliff-crowned mountainside all a-clamor
with mocking repetitions.
"Missed him. slick and clean, by the
eternal coonskin!" growled the marks
man, sitting up behind his tree to reload.
"That there's what comes o 'being so
dad-blame' hongry that ye can't squinch
fair atween the gun-sights. I reckon ez
how ye'd better hunker down and lie
clost. you two. 'Twouldn't s'prise me none
if that redskin had a wheen more o' them
sharp-p'inted sticks in hi?— The Lord be
praised for all his marcies! the chiefs
got him!"
But Uncanoola had not. He came in
presently, his black eyes snapping with
Yeates' auestion that the yell had been
his own; that his tomahawk had sped no
truer than the old borderer's bullet.
"Che!akee snake heap slick; heap quick
dodgre." was all we could get out of him;
and when that was said he squatted calm
ly on a fiat stone and fell to work grind
ing the nick out of the edge of the mis
sped hatchet.
This Incident told up plainly enough
that the kidnapers were now but a little
way ahead, and that their rear guard
scouts vrere holding us well in hand. So
from that on we went as men whose lives
are held in pawn by a hidden foe, looking
at every turn for an ambushment. Never
theless we were not waylaid again, and
when at length the long: hot afternoon
drew to its close with the mountain of
peril well behind us we had neither seen
nor heard aught else of the Cherokees.
That night we camped, tireless and food
less, on the banks of a swift-flowing
stream in a valley between two great
mountains. We reached this stream a lit
tle before dark, and since the trail led
straight into the water vre would have put
this obstacle behind us if we could. But
though the little river was not above five
or six poles in width it was exceeding
swift and deep; so impassable, in truth,
that we were moved to wonder how the
captive party had made shift to cross.
We guessed at it awhile. Richard and I,
and then gave it up until we might have
the helD of better daylight. But the old
borderer's curiosity was not so readily
postponed. Cutting^ a slim pole from a
sapling thicket, he waded in cautiously,
archoringr himself by the drooping
branches of the willows whilst he prodded
and sounded and proved beyond ia doubt
that the current was over man-head deep
and far/too cfapid -for swimming.
Satisfied of this, he came out, dripping,
and with a monitory word to us to keep a
sharp lookout, disappeared upsfream in
the crowing dusk, his long rifle at the
trail and his body bent to bring his k«ien
old eyes thenearer to the ground.
CHAPTER XXIL
HOW THE FATES GAVE LARGESS OP
*>£i DESPAIR. v
Ephralm Yeates was gone a full hour.
When he returned he gave us cause to
wonder at his lacH of caution, since he
filled his earthen Indian pipe and coolly
struck a light wherewith to fire it. But
when the pipe was aglow he told us of
bis findings. •
" 'Twas about ez I reckoned; them var
mints waded in the shallows a spell to
throw up off and then came out and
forded hKher up."
"That will be a shrewd guess of yours.
I take It. Ephraim?" said I, for the night
was black as Erebus.
. ''Ne'er a guess at all; I've had 'em fair
at eyehoits," Ois as calmly as if we had
uot been for ten long days pinning our
faith to an Ill-defined trace of footprints.
"Ez 'I. was a-going on to say, they're
incamped on t'other bank ruther eenside
o' two sights and a horn-blow from this.
I saw 'em and counted 'em— seven red
skins and the two gals."
•Thank God!" says Richard, as fer
vently as if our rescue of thfe women were
already a thing accomplished. Then he
fell upon the scout with an eager ques
tion: "How does she look, Ephraim?— tell
me how she looks!"
"Listen at him!" said the old man,
cackling his dry little laugh. "How in
tarnation am I going to know which *she'
he's a-stewlne about? There's a pair of
'em, and they both look like wimmln ez
have been dragged hilter-skilter trough
the big woods for some better f n a week.
Katheless they're fitting to- set up and
take their nourishment, both on 'em.
They was perching on a log afore the
fire, with ever" last idintlcal one o* them
redskins a-walting on 'em like they was a
couple of Injun queens. -"5 reckon ez how
the hoss-captain gave them varmints
their orders, partlc'lar."
Dick was upon his feet, lugging out the
great broadsword.
"Show us the way, Eph Yeates!" he
burst out impatiently. "We are wasting
a deal of precious time!"
But the old man only puffed the more
placidly at his pipe, making no move to
bead a sortie.
"Fair an' easy, Cap'n Dick; fair and
easy. There ain't no manner o' hurry, ez
I allow. Whenst I've cot to tussle with
a wheen o' full redskins, and me with my
stummlck growed fast to my backbone,
I jest ez soon wait till them same red
skins are asleep. Blme-by they'll settle
down for the night, and then we'll go up
yonder and plzen 'em immejltly, if not
sooner. But there ain't no kind o' use to
spile it all by rampaging 'round too soon."
There was wisdom undeniable In this,
and, accordingly, we waited, taking turns
at the hunter's terrible pipe In lieu of
supper, and laying our plan of attack.
This last was simple enough, as our re
sources, or rather our lack of them/ would
make It. At midnight we would move up
on the enemy, feeling our way along the
river till we should discover the ford by
which the captive party had crossed. The
stream safely passed, we would deploy
and surround the camp of the Indians,
and at the signal, which was to be the
report of Yeates' rifle, we were to close
"Come, chief: give us the wo'th of your
Jedgment. Has the old Gray Wolf gone
*tun-blind? or did he read them sign
like they'd ort to be read?"
"Waii! the Gray Wolf has sharp eye —
sharp nose — sharp tongue, some time.
Sign no can lie when he read 'um."
Jennifer turned to me. "What say you.
Jack? *Tls all far enough beyond me. I'll
confess." '
I was as much at sea touching the
mystery as he was; yet the thing to do
seemed plain enough.
"Never mind the Baronet's mystery;
'tis Mistress Margery's hazard that con
cerns us." I would say. And then to
Ephralm Teates: "Will this rain kill the
trail, think you?"
He shook his head dubiously. "I dun
no for sartain; 'twill make a heap o' dif
fer* If they was anyways anxious to hide
it. Ex it starts out. with the women a
hossback. 'tis plain enough for a blind
man to lift on the run."
"Then let us be at it," said L "We
can very well afford to let the mystery
untangle itself as we go." And with this
the pursuit began in relentless earnest.
The trail of the two horses ridden by
Margery and her woman cut a right an
gle with the road, turning northwest
along the left bank of the stream; and.
despite the rain, which was now pouring
eteadlly even- in the thick wood, the
hoof prints were so plainly marked that
we could follow at a smart dog trot.
In this speeding the old hunter and
the Indian easily outwearied Jennifer
and me. They both ran with a slow
swinging leap, like the racking gait, half
j»a.ee. half gallop, of a well-trained troop
horse. Mile after mile they put behind
them in these swinging bounds; and
when, well on in the afternoon, we
stopped to eat a snack of the cold meat
and to slake our thirst at one of the
many rain pools. I was lain to follow
Jennifer's lead, throwing myself flat on
the soaking mold to pant and gasp and
pay oft the arrears of breathlessness.
This breathing halt was of the brief
est; but before the race began again,
Ephralm Yeates took time to make a
careful scrutiny of the trail, measuring
the stride of the horses and looking
sharply to the briars for some bit of
cloth or other token of assurance.^ When
we came jp with him he was mumbling
to himself.
"Um-hm; Jes' m3 They was a-making
tracks along hereaway, sartain. sure;
larruping themhosses to a keen Jump,
liekity-eplit. Now. says I to myself,
what's the tarnatioiP hurry? Ain't they
go*, all the time there is to get where
they're a-F.jing, immej'tly. if not
sooner?" Then he turned upon me.
"Cap'n John, can't you and the yo-ngster
lay your heads side and side and make
out what-all this here hoss-captain
mought be u^ to? If do look like he had
some sort o' hatchet to grind, a-sendirsr
that Afrikin back to raise a hue and
cry, and then a- letting his Injuns leave
a trail liLe tnis he-e that any towhead
boy from the 3ettlemints could follow at
a canter."
Richard said he couH never guess the
meaning of it all; a* d my mind was to
the full as blank as his. I made sure
6omc deep-laid plot was -it the bottom of
the mystery; but we had measured many
weary mites in the wiMerness and the
plotter's trap hid been fai'ly bailed, set
and sprur.^. before the lightning dash of
explication came to shear us all its dev
ilish Ingenuity.
But now "Forward" was the word, and
we fell ir line again, and again the tire
less running of l.ie two guides stretched
and held us "a the rack of weariness.
Happily for us t to «vno were out of
training, the rainy-da*- dusk came early;
and though Yeates and vae In '.Ian. run
ning now with their bodies bent Jouble
and their noses to the ground, held r on
long after Richard Jennifer and I were
bat-blind for i ay seeing of the hoof
prints, the end came at length i>nd we
bivouacked as we were, f -eless, and with
the last of'th* cooked ' ration of d«»er's
meat for a scanty supper.
After the meal, which was swallowed
hastily in the silence utter fatigue.
we scooped a hollow in a last year's leaf
bed end lay down to sleep, wet | to the
6kin as any four half-drowned water
rata, and to the full as miserable.
(-'- •; - 1
CHAPTER XXL
HOW WE KEPT LE.VTEN VIG T LS IN
TRIXITYTIDE.
'Twould weary you beyon : th«s limit
of good-nature were I to try to vlcture
out at large the varied haps h.nd hazards
of our wanderings In the savage wilder
ness. For the actors in any play the
trivial details have their place and
meaning momentous enough, it may be;
yet these are often wearisome to the box
or stall yawning impatiently for the cli
max.
So. if you please, you are to conceive
us four, the strangest ill-assorted com
pany on the footstool, pushing on from
day to day deeper and ever deeper Into
the pathless forest solitudes, yet always
with the plain-marked trail to guide us
You will not think it strange that f
should have but dim and misty memories
of this fainting time. Of all privations
famine soonest blunts the senses, making
a man oblivious of all save that which
drives him onward. The happenings
tfcat I remember clearest are those which
turned upon some temporary bridging of
the hunger gulf. On© was Yeates' killing
of a milch doe which, with her fawn, ran
across our path when we had fasted two
whole dayi. By this, a capital crime In
any hunter's code, you may guess how
cruelly we were nipped in the hunger
vise.
For all the sharp privations of the
forced march there was no hint on any
lip of turning back. With Margery's des
perate need to key us to the unflinching
pitch Blchard and I would go on while
there was strength to set one foot before
the other. But for the old borderer knd
tho Indian there was no such bellows to
blow the fire of perseverance. None the
less these two did more than second us;
they set the strenuous pace and held us
to It.
We had been ten days In this starving
wilderness, driving onward at the pace
that kills and making the most of every
hour of daylight, before Teates and the
Indian beran to give us hope that we
were finally closing in upon our quarry.
The dragging length of the chase grew
upon two conditions. From the beginning
the kidnapers were able to increase their
lead by stretchinr out the days and bor
rowing from the nights; also they were
doubtless well provisioned, and they had
horses for the captives and their impedi
menta. But as for us we could follow
only while the daylight let us see the
trail, and though we ran well at first the
lack of proper food soon took toll of
speed.
So now. though the hoof prints grew
hourly fresher, and we were at last so
close upon the heels of the kidnapers that
their night camp fires were scarcely cold
when we came upon them, we ran no
longer— coujd hardly keep a dogged foot
pace for the hunger pains that griped and
bent' us double.
The tenth day, as I well remember, was
SKSE33SaBBBBBBCBBB5£SSaBSB8BBBBBSflflBBBBEBBBBBBEBBBBBBBflBBBEHBB&S3B3Sa
B n , % — . . ... : __ .. — : og
•¦" - *^B?«*>" * * / ' ' — * '^
1, in LadTes* pettfeoats. I
op ' ..¦.'. i^j> ¦¦" ¦ ¦ f -.. m
5 o -' ¦¦"¦'^ ¦"¦-'¦ ™o*i Can Count on Quality, v g
u^ S&e Our SPricos €vor tSo jCow. |
¦ UadY^s^'P^tticoa't.' Wsdres* PgttYc'oat. 1
g Made of fast black twilled near sUk, trimmed Made of extra* fine fart black mercerized aate«n, §
gj with an eleven-inch flounce, finished with a small trimmed with a ten-inch umbrella flounce, finished a
a ruffle and also dust ruffle and four bias bands. Gener- with three tailor-stitched ruffles and five bias bands, >
j ous in width; all . lengths. We cannot express in also tailor stitched, same as picture. liberally made *
B print what a good skirt this is for this low price In width and length. When you see them you will ¦
*J • •••••• 75(J say it is a good story for quality and low price *
b ipfp i§ |g|^|^ii;l $1 - 00 ¦
a Made of XXX fast black Italian doth, trimmed a '< 5 a
B with a graduating accordion • pleated flounce, also Made of the best imported sateen, fast black; |
q dust ruffle and finished with three rows of man- trimmed with three ruffles each, having four tailor- sj
H tailor stitched bands You will appreciate their real stitched bands. Draw-string top. No exaggeration B
jg worth when you see them at this low price ... $1.00 nere » TOU wtU note tliat wnen 7°° »*• them at this §
(3 | »w p a* , i . , " low price $1.00 B
§ Made of imported fast black moreen, umbrella U SO T J S P^"^tT QO 3t. §
¦ cut; trimmed with, a twelve-inch flounce and finished Made of fast black English moreen trimmed
I with two accordion-pleated ruffles and tailor-stitched with a deep umbrella flounce, hemstitched and tuck- q
BJ bands, also dust ruffle, same as picture. You can- ed. It also has a deep ruffle tucked and hemstitched, ¦
Hj not buy the material for what we ask for these skirts same as picture. Tull width and all sizes. More than ?
I finished. Price $1.50 an even exchange for $1.00 I
Ej For Equal Quality We Are I f/^^ |^^ /^ & fa 1P\ P^ fa fa I
5 Neve, Undersold. I Q f^ Q < 1] P f |
¦ What Others Advertise J0 ==== . THE PBJCE CUTTER * §
* YouniFfadWeSenforLess.1 81 6 Market Street. 1 1 O'Farrell Street, g
¦¦BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBIBBBBBBIBBBBBflBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBflBBBflBflflBflBBBBflBBBBflBBS
JOE ROSENBERG'S.ci) the arm. "Mr. WUloughby." he con
tinued, "that Is not th* point. For som«
months past. Judged by standard other
than of this world, Miss Marion Was mine.
Under ordinary circumstances I never
have clalroM her, even though she
loved me. I am rsidr and sh» Is rich. Now
we stajid upon eaual term* and I >ave a
to it. That life she- gives W me—
'with th* love that she has borne me for
•o long. I ask no favor of you, sir. I
claim a right— a right that Is no one's but
my own. I have earned your daughtor
and she !>«longs to me."
The next day Jasper returned to his
post to earn more money. He had already
earned the girl, who will become h!a bride
next year in oughty-four.
THR SUNDAY CALL.
By James Fennimore.
HUMILIATION
OF O'DAY
By Anna S. Richardson.
GREGORY OF
HAMPTON.
(CcpjTlffht. 19C3. by T. C. Mcdurt.)
r / _i__-A A HEN the class of
IjjSgrglggSpfJ oujhty-four lifted up
>"fiJ-# //^ jf It* mighty voice ln a
!^O/'?\\-/^.i '«« w « 11 chorus and
clsbanacd for the lonf
r ii V* $ri\t? L-\ a vacation pemo of Its ln-
Tnd\.','iM>^jS)l dividual members start
a S»»*^iniii5^T^fl ed ln to play and some
to work. A goodly number of them ln
order to earn suffldent money to go back
posed as waiters at seaside resorts, as
•Crirers of cabs, as conductors of trolley
c*r«. as baggage smashers during the
ircsn season, as anything- and everything.
TCus was the crowd without money. The
Test of the gang went where it could af
xord to go.
Jatycr went to Newport al»%— everybody
kxtfras Jaeper,' the Quarterback on the
varsity, nut Jasper went not a« milllon
aire or night hawk or waiter or baggage
smasher. He went as Jasper. Jasper was
not overburdened with cash, either.
Jasper knew a good many people— a
quarterback Invariably does, wherever he
znay be. But of all the people that he
knew in this wide world the individual
that he particularly preferred to know
waa a girl in the college town. The last
name of this girl was a name to conjure
with, for it was Wllloughby, and the rea
son was that h«r father was Wllloughby,
the trolley magnate and multi-millionaire.
This made her popular among the men
But to Jasper it was sufficient that her
first name was Marion and that he, and
lie alone, bad the privilege of using her
first name, rather than her last. Jasper
was glad that such a girl lived an<? moved
end hed her being upon the face tf the
earth. For the rest, he didn't think ubout
it- He didn't like to remember that" she
¦waa rich and he was per: b« knew that
he had r.o claim of any kind to be*; knew
that probably he never would have any
claim to- her. But Jasper loved Sils fflr*
•with all his heart f-.d socil, wid F.he— well,
no one knows, r *• • . .
Bhe v.as at Newport. a!so.\ Bet It «vaj<
rot for that reason that Ja«ivm" wa.« there
ali>o. And tho.%£h he wkn there and she
was there, never eaw him. Jasper
saw her now a'-c" the-a at a distance, but
never lost enoryh to 3 oow.
Miss Marion Willoughby was a goo4,
alt 'rcind sort of "slrL . She did ev»ry
?hlne well, 'rom trying a' four-ln-hand
about the :tn<l to m^klnjc chocolate cara
mels or -welsh rareSit. She wa* one of
those girls vho.beliefe thai a watering
Place i« raear>; tor something- else than
eMcklr.g to <Sry land. The rougher the
water tre 1 the better^ v> her Iiklr^.
It vai» up^n ft remarkably warm day
that Mis* Willoughby defined iiorrl-
well's invitation to Join a motor car
crowd bound Inland, and twenty minutes
later she was ln the surf. The beach was
almost deserted. She plunged ln boldly
end struck out for deep water. .
On a little ledge of rock to the right
there eat a man, one of the life-saving
crew that patrolled the coast. His arms
and face were brown as berries. He pat
alert and witchful, waiting for some
thing to turn up.
A few people in the aurf turned to
watch Miss Wllloughby swim out to sea.
The brown life-saver kept glancing up
and down t,he coast.
Afar out. In the unseen distance, some
thing had happened an hour or bo be
fore. It probably had been the tail end
of a Ftorm. The wireless announcement
of it came only in the shape of one great
wave that suddenly dashed far out on the
beach, followed by 'another and another
and another.- Miss 'Willoughby.'. out ln
deep water, CM not feel these waves.
There Is one aifflculty with large waves.
They are large when they come In and
they! are large when they go out. They
come ln on top. . They go out underneath.
They make a great fuss coming li». but
have . but lltt*.^ say when they Vneak
back again. Btii then la the time when
they are prepared to do the mischief.
The people'near the shore laughed and
danc«J In this sudden advent nt fierce
breakers. They thoi^ht of nothing but
oi their.own excitement. The life s^ver
glanced 1 anxiously from lime to jMme up
anddjown aryj out to sea. *' «
Suddenly something happened. The
crcw<J did not »ss it. fht man only did —
tirvithat man was the life-saver. He saw
that. the girl who had ventured Into deep
water had attempted to swim 'back to
slrore: He saw lEhat *he had made no
Srogvess. Pome unseen force beneath her
was steadfj'y drawing her. out to sea. He
paw that, wlili <;he efiurt she was making,
her life. *:. human life and nothing less,
¦was £oin2 out with the fatal undertow..
fie ros* to his feet and shading his
mouth with his hand, roared tu her ln
Fteniorlan voice that he wns coming. This
was essential, for encourasrefflent was
*everyVj, t ?jg. Thm he plunge J Into the
surf and rap'ily swam out. It was easy
Eolr.g out— ho knew It wnv'd be. But
comiirtf back— that would be another
thing. Fl«ally he reached the kIH. Bhe
was well nigrh exhausted, bu* >iad the
foresight to float upon her back.
"ITm here," he calked In a cheery voice
as he .'eached her.
? 'Why, Manning. Manning;!" she ex
claln>«d. "whert' did you come from?"
The man laughed. "Tin on« of tjie coa^t
patrol." he answered, "just now I'm a life
sav*r.lv pr<?-fps;don."
SlieQ&aa was Manning Jasper of the
class. of ov-^hty-fqur, earning money for
his next year's course. He caught her by
the arm.
"Come, we must go back," he said;
"heaven send we get there safely. ,It's
a rough trip 'and no mistake.'^ It was a
rough trip and the girl knew- It But
some thirty-three minutes later Manning-
Jasper staggered up out of the surf with
a precious burden in his armB— an uncon
scious girl, whom he had saved from cer
tain death. Jasper, too, was quite certain
of one thins, and that was that but for
a certain fact he might never have been
able to get her back. That fact lent new
vljror to his arm, and that fact was sim
ply this— that the girl, just as she, was
losing consciousness, had ' lifted up her
lips and kissed him and had called him
by his name. It. was that that brought
them safe to shore.
A day later Manning Jasper stood with
in the presence of Willoughby, the trolley
mapnate. "Mr. Jasper,' said thjs man.
"what you ask is most preposterous. This
Kelsey had every thing except a wife.
~ : . - . . • .i
their refrangibility or wave-length, so
that all of the same wave-lengths fall
together, while those of different,wave
lengths are separated from each other,
forming a iegular progressive series
Just as is seen in the rainbow.
Of course, the poor littls creature
never, for an instant imagined that
speaking of a chrysanthemum would
lead to such a horrid thing as a spec
trum. And it Just made her heart ache
to think that after she had found, out
that a stipule -is one. of a pair of
usually foliaceous appendages at the
base or petiole of certain leaves sht
couldn't' get a chance to tellhim before
she forgot it.
If she referred to Kipling's latest
poem Kelsey would shift to the
Rubaiyat of Omar Khayyam, of which
she had never heard. If she spoke of
Rembrandt, Kelsey. would drift into a
discussion of the perspective plane as
applied to the canvas. Every time she
tried to deal a lead she would fumble
the cards and hand out a mislead.
Whenever a subject on which s'he
was particularly strong came up some
thing -would happen to change It be-
By Billy Btir-
gundy.
Copyright, 1903. by Steve Floyd, N. T.
fs / '\ ' A NCE upon a time
'^^^"^¦i^ll tnere was a man
wnose lon S Bul t wias
'•'Wr*/3l-' i »\.B knowledge. Ilia
j ' wJSt"t s?AS/ 9 name was Kelsey
[iT^^^^^^^l Kelsey wore more
dasSi^zzzzzZZmsa characters on the
end of his name than a railroad official.*
and he had a perfect right to do it, for
he was graduated from everything from
grammar school to Heidelberg Univer
sity, which is more than can be said of
a G. P. -A. & T. M.
Kelsey could read Sanscrit with one
eye, Greek with the other, write Arabic
and talk Latin to beat the Pope all at
the same time, lie could translate the
hieroglyphics on the stones of Egypt,
explain why magnetic disturbances are
indicative of the approach of the pe
riod of maximum sun spots, why one
half of a eeldlltz powder is always
wrapped ln blue paper and the other ln
white, and why hens don't crow. He
could clasBlfy a flower by its odor, a
flsh by its bite, or a bird by Its tail
feather. \ . •
Kelsey knew William Shakespeare by
heart, Richard Harding Davis by sight
and Mary MacLane by reputation.
Fact Is, he knew everything except the
current brand of woman.
Kelsey had everything except a wife,
and when the women got wise to that
fact they baited their hooks for him
and made no bones of It. They or
ganized debating contests, biblio
graphical parlor societies, bugging and
botanizing expeditions, and a lot of
other pastimes calculated to inveigle
him into stepping, unbeknownst, upon
their flypaper.
Whenever one of the pettlcoated
trappers got a promise of a call from
Kelsey she would shut herself up in
the parlor and bury her face in the en
cyclopaedia until she had something
deep down - pat. - Then she . would 1 put
the calf- bounds back - ; on the ¦ shelves
,and cook up a scheme to have the sub-.
Ject come up by accident, so that;Kel
pey would think she knew Just as, much
about everything else. , But when;Kel
sey called something, always happened
to steer him away from . what : she had
been looking up. ¦
If she tried to lead up to > botany , by
speaking of the ; color of a" new chrys
anthemum she would .; start ; Kelsey
emitting elucidation about the primary
colors as seen through the spectrum,
and how they ; are formed '. by * rays 1 of
light or other, radiant energy. In which
the parts are arranged . according ¦ to
fore she could shoot her bolt.
Such was the case with every dame
who stacked the cards so that she could
con Kelsey into thinking she was real
intelligent and eligible to preside over
the aft end of his table.
Of course,, they knew it was very
naughty and wicked to pretend to
know a whole lot about the awfully
profound things, but .what else could
they do to win a man who was cer
tainly too brilliant to care for a clrl
who was the least bit frivolous?
WeU, to get to the point, wherever
Kelsey went the He-catchers tried to
win him out by displaying their Break
fast Food brand of intellect, but there
was nothing doing.
One day Kelsey met a giddy little
blue-eyed blonde, who could talk noth
ing more abstruse than caramels, chif
fon and Booth Tarkington. Blondy
was an affectionate little thing and
very becoming to a cozy corner. When
the got Kelsey Into the ppeak-easy
where hung guns, swords, shields and
Indian blankets., she nestled her curly
head" upon his bosom, lifted her won
dering eyes and said, "Does 00 *uv
00 'ittle ducky?"
Kelsey must have, for he married
her the next day.
Moral — You can't fool a gambler with
loaded dice.
TALE OF THE BOOKWORM WHO
FOUND A CHANGE OF DIET
fv—V — ¦*¦! _ A ADGE. didn't you
I iV^V^l^ 'CS^I E P eQ d half an hour
' ';!> f y-'$*'uii'i ln Mrs - Glfforcl ' B con 
"""v^i •7-fM ' eervatory?"
"Yes — her orchids
'V^Mt^o'^'f'^V are marvels," re
<^5 v '*xd^| I )lle<1 lhe rlrl quietly.
UsaSsfcaassfcEal she returned her
father's keen scrutiny without flinch
ing. Miss Marsden was a worthy
daughter of the great political leader.
"Mr. Gregory waa with you — and I
happen to know that he is not inter
ested ln orchids."
"Gregory of Hampton!"
The words had become the scorn of
the political headquarters over which
Mr. Marsden presided. In truth, Greg
ory of Hampton was a thorn in the
wire-puller's flesh. He was unap
proachable, unbribable, and, from Mr.
Mareden's point of view, hopelessly un
reasonable.
The apportionment bill was strictly
trained by Marsden to give his party
better control of the State legislative
branches. It was not a vicious measure,
but knowing that his heart was set
upon it the younger element, who
had begun to murmur against the iron
rule of "the boss." had vigorously op
posed the bill.
Its defeat meant the dethronement
cf Marsden, and the assumption of
party leadership by one of the younger
men. Gregory had entered the fight
under instructions from his district
.leaders — staid, back-country farmers to
whom new-fangled politics did not ap
peal. Self-reliant and gifted with the
faculty of dominating others, he had
unconsciously assumed the leadership
of the opposition and was already
•poken of as Marsden's probable suc
cessor.
All this was passing through Mars
den's mind, as he watched his daugh
ter run through her morning's mail,
and wished she would speak. But
clearly she was not in a communica
tive mood. ¦"••.
*'I suppose you help receive at the
Governor's reception this afternoon.
Well, go where you like, though I don't
care for that daughter of his. Only
remember one thing, there is to be no
nonsense between you and this young
Gregory. The apportionment bill gives
nu almost complete control and It's
rot to go through. Gregory, by his
obstinacy, encourages the opposition.
I've started to put it through, and I'll
do It, If It takes my last dollar."
"I hardly think It Is worth while for
you to waste money on Mr. Gregory.
He's not that sort."
Margaret had risen and now stood,
pale and tcnee, before her father,
whose face had turned livid.
"Don't tell me It has gone as far as
that? Could you stand by this man
in preference to your father? Think,
child, think, you're all I have* In the
world since— since your mother's gone."
The lips of the political leader
twitched. The girl, .who was the liv
ing, breathing image of her mother,
occupied the one soft spot In his cal
loused, scheming heart \
At mention of her mother's name
Margaret turned swiftly and twined
her arms around her father's neck.
"Father, dear, you make it so. hard.
You don't know how I love" him. Can't
you two agree and make me happy?"
Ker father did not reply, and with
a soft" rustling of r liken skirts she
slipped from the room, dosing the door
getJtJy behind her.
From her bedroom window she
jratched her father climb Into the wait-
rw=Z— -— 5=71 RIVATE O'DAY of
I (3afr»Magg£fgy li the Tenth had shown
VVliilf^^Jlu dlans, and, therefore.
'*\W&lri & 8tood wel1 wlth hls
officers. He waa a
t man who always had
a song In his heart or a joke on his
lips, and he was. therefore a favorite
with his fellow-arlvates. Now and
then he got tight, but unless the offi
cer of the day was obliged to take
official notice nothing waa heard from
it. Now and then he was guilty of
other breaches of discipline, but he ar
gued his case so well before the col
onel that he was let off with a repri
mand where another would have been
sent to the guardhouse. In every sol
dier-company there is always one such
man-a good fighter when fighting Is
to be done, but Irresponsible, good-na
tured and totally careless when in bar-
A funny thing hapened one day. It
waa funny even to Private O'Day. aa
he tried his best to look at it in a
serious light. He fell in lov« with
Kitty Cllne, the major's daughter. He
fell In love with her at a distance —
clear across the parade ground at Fort
Sherman. She had been at the fort
for three or four weeks, but that was
his nrst sight of her. She was 18
and O'Day was 30; she was a
major's daughter, used to a life of
luxury, while he was a high private
on $13 per month. The social gulf
between them was as wide as the At
lantic Ocean, and O'Day knew it, and
whispered in his > own ear:
"Patrick O'Day, ye are a bigger
donkey than ever ye left behind ye
In old Ireland, and ye ought to be
taken out and kicked across the Darade
ground. The idea of your losine yer
heart to such a gurl as that! Are yez
gittln' soft in the top of yer head, or
is It the foolishness Just comln' out
But it was one thing to talk and
another to do. Private O'Day was
hard hit — so hard that he could not
keep his secret, and when It became
known to a dozen of his comrades ha
was guyed and jeered and berated by
turns. Two or three days of- It ought
to have worked a cure and sent Pat
rick along to barracks No. S. where
the widow laundress of Company B.
who was known to have $450 In the
bank, would have welcomed him with
smiles. It failed, however, and In his
desperation the soldier-lover did a
foolish thing. Being on sentry duty
at the gate one day he removed his
cap and bowed to the major's daughter
as she rode forth on her pony. He did
more. He had a 25-cent box of candy
In the bosom of his Jacket, purchased
for the occasion, and he hauled it
forth and begged her to accept It as
a slight* token of his feelinsrs toward
her. Of course she looked down upon
him with feelings of amazement and
refused his gift, and, of course, some
one witnessed the performance and
told of it, and Private O'Day was sent
to the guardhouse for making: a
monkey of himself.
The next morning the soldier, whose
loving heart had been deeply grieved
by the rejection* of his confectionery,
was detailed : to police- duty along
with other derelicts, and that was a
further humiliation. The flnlshlnsr blow
was at hand. After eome general work
about the parade grounds he was set
to cleaning up the major's back yard,
just where • the major's daughter could
have a full view of him as he rolled the
ash barrels about, and thousrh he had
no cause to believe that she was Deep-
Ing from a rear window and chuckllnr
over his discomfiture, the Iron entered
(Copyright. IJKS. by T. C. McClurO
his soul instead of his shovel eaterinj?
the ash heap. He waa sharply repri
manded two or three times by the cor
poral, and in his despair and desoera
ation he outraged military discipline
by sasslng back." H« was ordered to
report himself at the guardhouse as
under new arrest, and it was while
making his way to that popular and
well-known resort that he suddenly de
cided to make a bolt for it- A citizen
had ridden into the fort on a fln« piece
of horseflesh and thrown the reins over
a post near tha gate, and Private O'Dav
reached and mounted the animal and
was galloping away before the sentinel
at tha gate had opened and shut his
mouth.
There waa delay in following the
fugitive, and when pursuit was made
he had a Ion* start, and hti trail was
lost, as he rode through the scrub to
ward Devils Canyon. It was 10
o'clock in the forenoon when ha gal
loped out of the fort, and it was an
hour later, and ha had covered eight
miles of ground, when he rode Into
the western mouth of the canyon. He
wanted to dodge pursuit for a time,
and ho wanted a quiet place in which
to do some thinking. There was a
second reason, and that was that a
thunderstorm was coming up from
the southwest, and Private O'Day
never got his jacket wet when there
was a chance to keep it dry. He could
find a dozen of places in the grim.
dark canyon where he would be shel
tered from the threatened downpour.
Unknown to the soldier who had
monkeyed with the buzzsaw, the ma
jor's daughter had ridden forth on her
pony two or three hours previous to
his appearance as one of the sanitary
squad, and If he hadn't been so busy
nursing his wounded heart he would
have noticed the hoof-prlnts leading
him all the way. The girl had don?
a foolish thing to ride down into that
somber gorge, where the cinnamon
bear hid away for his noonday sleep,
and great lizards crawled up and down
and hissed at the serpents; but she
was a girl of whims, and this was
one of them. She not only entered
the canyon's mouth, but forced her
wondering and frightened pony along
over the stony trail, until she could
no longer see daylight unless looking
upward. Bhe was halted there when
the thunder began to roll and the
lightning to flash, and she had not yet
turned her horse when Private O'Day.
further down and off his horse and
under the shelter of a ledge, heard a
sound no man forgets after hearing It
once. The big black cloud, with its
tens of thousands of barrels of water,
had hit the peak of the mountain and
burst, and the jar and roar of it was
followed by the swishing - and swash
ing of a torrent coming down the can
yon. The soldier had sprung for his
horse to mount and away when he
heard the clatter of the pony's hoofs.
and next moment the animal slipped
and fell at his feet and flung Its rider
over its head. O'Day saw that It was
a girl, but without knowing her Iden
tity he picked her up as she lay
in an unconscious state, placed her on
the saddle before him and made the
race. The waters were throwing sprav
clear over him as he debouched from
the canyon's mouth and wheeled to the
left.
"M7 man," said the colonel to him
that afternoon, after calling him to
headquarters. "I. want to shake hands
with . you and call you a brave man.
and tell you how grateful I em. You
are released from . arrest, and no new
charges are pending. As to anything j
farther—"
•'The wlddy woman who launders
for barracks No. 3 and has *450 in
bank promised an hour ago to marrv
me, and there will be no 'anything
further' to It!" replied Private O'Day.
as he laluted and turned oa tils heel.
ing brougham. She noted,. the increas
ing 6toop of his shoulders.Sthe languor
of his step. : When the carriage turned
the corner she sat down at her desk.
"My dear Mr. Gregory," she >Jvrote,
"I have thoueht and thought all night
long, and still I cannot give you the
answer you want. It Is useless for me
to make false pretenses, useless for me
to deny my love for you. And yet— I
am my father's all. And no matter
how happy we might be, I should al
ways feel that I had robbed him of
the reward for his faithful care of me.
Can't you understand? He has been
bo good to me always— and I owe him
everything. You must make my an
swer for me. TWs afternoon I under
stand thev take another vote on the
bill which stands between me and hap
piness. Your vote will be my answer.
If it is 'No,' do not see me again. It
will be easier for us both, and surely
you owe my love that much considera
tion. Faithfully yours,
"MARGARET MARSDEN."
The ladles' gallery of the Assembly
chamber was thronged with brilliantly
gowned women. The fourth day of the
deadlock, and rumor had gone forth
that there were prospects of a break.
Members on the floor bowed to ac
quaintances in the gay array of but
terflies. Gregory of Hampton Bent but
one long, searching glance in their di
rection, but in that look he caught a
vision In the background, a .slender,
gray gowned figure. A chiffon- veil hid
her features, but under the drooping
brim of her hat he caught the glint of
bronze gold hair. For an Instant the
hard, set look died from his eyes, and
a tender smile rested on his lips. Then
he glanced toward Marsden's desk. A
group of men fawned upon the leader,
who seemed not to notice them. His
face was gray-white, his eyes a steely
blue. But Gregory of Hampton read
behind the look of grim determination
— to the years of interminable strug
gle, to the home life sacrificed, the
wife-love neglected, all for political
power. And this same power lay with
in his own grasp. If the apportionment
bill failed. Leadership of men, or life
companionship and the love of a pure
woman? The plaudits of the public or
the caresses of a love for which he
hungered as he had never hungered
and lonred and yearned for anything
In all his buay, successful life? The
House was called to order. Cold per
spiration bathed his motionless figure.
His arras were crossed on his breast.
His eyes were fixed on the Speaker.
Sudden silence fell upon the floor and
the crowded galleries.
The clerk cleared his voice and ner
vously adjusted his glasses. Marsden
Bat with the tabulated vote of two days'
before in his hand. To Margaret It
seemed as if the alphabet held a thous
and letters. Would the "G's" never
come.
"Finch."
"No." Faint applause.
"Garrity!"
"Aye!" Mingled hisses and cheers.
"Gorman!" Gregory's eyelids quiv
ered just a trifle and. his glance shifted
for an Instant to the bent head with
Its glint of bronze gold, v
"No!" Increased applause.
"Gregory!"
For one brief second Margaret's heart
stopped beating.
"Aye!"
Every reporter at the tables above
the Speaker's head took a fresh grip
on his pencil. There waa a sensation !
Consternation spread over. the. faces 'of
the men who had been following Greg
ory's lead. The machine element
cheered and the Speaker wrapped, for
order.
Marsden 'olded his arms and glanced
at the gallery, where Margaret had
suddenly risen and was now making
for the entrance. Just what part had
she played In this little drama, he won
dered. The vote went on, but he did
not listen. With Gregory on their side
victory was assured. When he finally
made his way through the crush after
the vote was concluded, neither" hip
daughter nor Gregory was In sight. Thei
former had entered her coupe, said the
doorman, and another man told him
that some one had seen Gregory swing
Into a hack and the driver had started
the horse up at a terrific pace.
But Gregory had not followed Mar-
garet. It was dark before his ride end
ed, and he came back to town, a trifle
v.hite In the face, but with eyes serene
ly happy. .
Marsden came upon them in the li
brary and extended his hand with awk
ward attempt at cordiality.
"I am glad you could finally see
things our way," he commenced. -Then
words died on his lips.
Margaret and Gregory turned toward
him and there was that In ,the latter's
face which stilled the voice of the polit
ical leader. He gazed dumbly at this
young man, born to lead, whom no
amount of wire pullijig, no offers of po
litical preferment, no bribe however al-
luring could move, and yet, who, for
love of his clip of a girl, had deliberaf,^
ly turned his back on a brilliant polliU
cal career, i
Would he have done as mucb'at the
same age for love of this girl's mother?
He looked up suddenly and his glance
met the eyes of his wife, gazing at hlrr^
wistfully from a large oil painting:
How often her eyes had met his In real
life — Just that same way.
P'or the first time in years something
like a prayer of thanksgiving welled up
from the heart of the "boss." The ap
portionment bill turned miserably in-
Elgnlhcant. Without a word he turned
upon his heel, but at the door he looked
back and a smile of real happiness—
not triumph, rested on his thin, blood
less lips. His daughter's head rested
confidingly on the shoulder of Gregory
of Harapton.
la not the aga of heroics and of romance.
The fact that you have saved my daugh
ter Is nothing. If you had not done It.
some other man would— why, there are
men on the shore who are paid, actually
paid, to do that eort of wort"
. "Exactly,", replied Jasper, "and I am
one of them~-^a fact you did not know."
He leaned over and touched the rich man
JASPER OF THE UNDERTOW'. Y:* ¦ I : ¦ O MJ
c.im<i. and the replanted fields were as
bare as a desert. . :
A drought followed in the latteo part
of summer, and autumn found a scanty
.ingathering of crops. One late autumn
day Silas "Weatherbee drove over to see
his brother Slmeona at Crab (Hollo w.
Simeon was cutting sorghum cane.
"Gotta live mostly on sorghum 'lasses
this winter. One thing, they're good
an' flllln'," he philosophized.
"Got any 'taters?" asked Silas.
''Not nrj'tater; Goose Creek eat 'em
all. Ain't you?"
"Naw.* My. ole^wQinari's plum plnin'
away, fer 'taters^-glttln' grant an pore.
es a herrtn'." . ,,
• "Look 'ere, Slle, you ole mule," sal(F
Simeon, "can't you see whut the whole
trouble: Is? The old woman's not
dyln* fer 'tatters; • she's a dyin' fer
Sena."
"It's 'taters;" aald Silas obstinately.
I "It's Sena," vowed Simeon with equal
obstinacy. "Why, look yere, you
cranktious • ole mortal, Xg. I Blglo'a got
'taters; why, he sells 'em, an' has some
biled an* roasted 'sides; an he's good
to Sena— mighty good. | An' " you been
snurlin'_ yernose at'lm over *n' over!"
"'N' I'lilsnurl lt;at 'lm agin 'f he*
squints a eye down my. holler. Got my
gal an' all ¦.my";,'tater». t *. : y
r,- Silas turned This wagon up creek- and
Jogged ;^" slowly' homeward. He .was
listening*; to^,. twoi Inner voices "in hot
argument;" which had not ended' when
he reached the bars of his barn lot.
And once again Goose Creek arose
with destructive appetite. ' A June flood
In the spring came the great freshet,
when Goose Creek arose with alow,
vicious hissings and plunged, foaming,
over its banks. Its high tide mark It
flouted, and, like a hungry beast, pil
laged 5 cornfield, truck garden and po
tato, patch. The sluggish blooded aid ;
farmers set to, work with matter Tof*
fact patience, replanting. Silas Weath
erbee raged like Goose Creek. "Every 1
darned Pearl 'tater In the county licked"
up by that pottered crick," he roared,
"I gotta plant any old kind of 'taters
this time."
"Agabus directed Silas, "you^
shoulder yer rotten old b*anjer an' cut
sticks." ;; O :
"But, Uncle 'SUas.ffhe "
¦ - ¦ o
' "Cut sticks," repeated SUrs sternly,
"an* never p'int yer toes down this
holler o aginp er I'll th'ow ye in 0he
cric K : °o) p t i ' -^ 0 '. ¦
When the hunter's moon piled silver
eheaves under tho trees. Silas Weather
bjse and his wife sat alone on their
hop-grown porch. Agabus, the banjo
and the potatoes were gone-^-and Rock
sena. Silas smoked r grimly. s He missed
the "Old Kentucky Home" and the*
"Suwanee RJyer." His wife knit spirit
lessly. She mlFsed the girL ~'
bushiel of potatoes from Silas Weather
bee, he asked the old man. to. thrown In
his daughter Rocksena fprgood meas
ured .'¦:-!;' i^-?' £ ' : .'-'; : A
"Carry . me back to Ole Vlrginny"
thrilled and ebbed, and blithe "Nellie
BIy" followed, bringing her broom
along. Then Silas slid stiffly from the
fence and shook his pipe ash Into a tuft
of wet clover. "Sena," he called to his
daughter, "git Ag. three 'taters. I'm
goin' to bed."
Rocksena brought the three largest
potatoes she could find, and -Agabus
stowed them into' his pockets.
When Agabus had sung away a
OSd Silas smoked, with closed eyes;
his wife rocked placidly In the shadow
of the porch, and Rocksena, sitting
upon the step, clasped her tanned
bands and Inhaled the. music.
"I'll give yea 'tater a songVvhe then
announced, "not -a peelln' more^ Them
Island t Pearls^ o' 'mine's wuth m3ney.
My, I paid $5 fer a dish pan fult o' seed
ones in the spring, an' the c old woma^
liki to eat every pottered # one ; p she
'lowed they was better than icecream.
They're new Invented. You don't git
but a 'tater a song."
Agabus scrambled 'nipon the 0 fence,
twirled his banjo Into position, and that
old song that seems always to drip
soft southern fragrance and to ripple
out the melody of tranquil waters
flowed Into the damp, soft gloaming:
Way down UDon the Suwant* River,
Far, far away. '.'
Silas smoked and considered for five
silent minutes. r>
And on the silver-swept porch of the
log cabin, two. women sat gossiping
happily together. '.
" "You "can -have bushels of 'em, pa,"
avowed Rocksena, "Ag. says so. We
raised a house full. Ag's here, pa, an'
got his fiddle."
"Fish . me out a 'tater. ole woman,"
said, Silas,; "an* dish 'em all quick.
An' tell Ag. to unhitch that nag o*
hisn.an' come to supper."
-There was i a moon that night. ,It
cast . zig-zag j silver bars through . the
old rail fence, with a curious humpy
shadow at the top, smoking a shadow
pipe/ • From the Goose: Creek hollow
came* damp odors of ../ bergamot and
spearmint. ¦ The crickets made a merry
under-accompaniment to the strains of
the old song: \
: •" .Way : down noon th« Suwanee River. • -
:.;•¦¦? -.i Far, I ar awajr.'J . . • ¦..-•- -
"A young woman ran from ambush
behind the door, and wound her arms
about his neck. "We fetched
paw," she cried jolllly. "Ag. an' me —
two bushels of "em, all whoppln' big
ah* good."
Her father shook an accusing finger
at | her. "My Island Pearls, young wo
man ; good reason why they're whop
pers. You gave Agv all the biggest ones
for his ole chunes. But he got a bigger
bushel'n I ever kin dig up. You better
a'f etched 'em; your ma's feegun to fat
up a'ready."
TTresh wheel marks were In the loose,
soft earth; ?, gray horse was browsing
under the buckeye tree, standing pa
tiently between the shafts of a light
country wagon. With a hall growl
Silas unharnessed his horses and made
a short cut through the pumpkin patch
to his 1 erg; cabin.- As he entered the
kitchen the. steam puffing from a great
saucepan on the stove wafted him an
odor retrospectively familiar. He
sniffed It enjoylngly. •
"Where'd ye git 'tat era atT" he
asked, as his wife came In from the
smoke house with a square block of
bacon. She looked smiling, yet appre
hensive, i,
"Look at •em," said she, lifting the
U*?, "ain't they bouncers? An' all pop
pin' open,^ they're so mealy.". . ~
i "Where'd ye git 'em?" repeated Silas.
"B<rp '«re. Flit." he raid in mSld dis
sent, "I'm p ire— pure es blackeyed peas,
and I "«>w ft a good square chune Is
wuth Ifrtenfn* to it oughtta be wuth
Ehuckin' nut a trifle fcr. Whut'U you
gimme, S?i!e? I'll sing reasonable."
"Wull. I'M swear, Ag! You reckon
I'm goin* to pay out money to set yere
end listen at yer little c-le pie pan
banjer an' yer Ole Kaintucky Home?
Tr*-e fror.« and crickets don't charge
nothin*. Reckon they'll do me."
"Hold on, Sile, don't fly up creek.
I wasn't flggerin' on plunks," reasoned
Agabus, persuasively, "gimme beans.
er squawshes. er 'raters — gimme 'taters
now; you got 'em end I ain't. How
many 'taters'H you give fer a batch
ef good old songs?"
_ r^pi GABU8 BIGLO
l3^*j3<fet'l\fJS ° rW ' ne< l a poorly
r VL^i^Slv^'y 4? c °!nked cabin on a
I^Rr/j'wjfcft* p windy *; hillside, a
{(g^h^«n^l banjo and a voice.
J%W/^£wSrf|L Silas Weatherbee's
l^if^VVW^g possessions cmbre-jed
M^^UwS a fair farm, a good
wife and a daughter just IS years of
Rocksena Weatherbee locked like a
peach crown on the sunny side of the
tree. Her father had a dim idea (when
he thought anything at-iut the girl)
that she had bareiy discarded bibs. He
was a thrifty man. leaning to the side
of stinginess. Of the minor diversions
of llf«r. SiJas loved a good song well
sung. Agabus Biglo had supplied the
song on many an occasion.
E!la5 was sitting one evening upon
the tippw rail of his door-yard fence.
All about the yard patch flocks vt
vhJt* petunias shimmered and hawk
irrths m;ii!e quivering blots over them.
Out of the elder thicket Jormed Ag&ous
Biglo %kith his banjo.
"HI. th* re. Ag!" * shouted Silas,
"come 'long an' give us a chune."
Instead of complying, Agabus fell
Into argument. '-v '•'¦¦'..
By Harriet Durbm.
AG'S BASKET OF POTATOES
"Straight ahead rode Jocasta, th» reins bow in him left fcaad and hla re-rolver tn him right.*
Mabel had always been accustomed
to admiration, but now she, woke uo to
the fact that there ' was keen rivalry
lor her hand. Young Barndt fretted
For reasons not stated, the elder
Barndt wished his son well out of New
York for the winter, at least. One of
them was a certain pretty chorus girl
who had settled herself in a little flat
unpleasantly close to the great apart
ment-house wherein dwelt the Barndt
family. . Mr. , Farnham was indebted—
or imagined he was — to Mr. Barndt.
and a position for the younger Barndt
was made somehow : on the clerical
staff at the mills. And quite as natur
ally young Barndt mede for himself a
place in the Farnham home. , 'Twas the*
only fit place in the" town, he explained
to himself.
But then North\»la*cow did not un
derstand Mabel, and Mabel cared pre
cious little whether he did or
not. Bhe did ¦ not feel called
upon to detail her dally life
nor analyze her motives for the edi
fication of the town gossips. That
was why the sharp-tongued women of
the manufacturing town did not know
that when Mabel went tearins through
the main street on her little mare, or
trotted past In her dogcart, she was
pretty sure to drop in^£> her father's
dingy office with a kiss and a merry
greeting. Nor could they dream that
the young girl who danced when op
portunity offered until almost moraine
tripped downstairs in the most be
witching negligees to pour' her father's
feoffee and smiled sleepily hut good
humoredly across the table at him.
What they did hear was\that Mabel
lay abed till 11 o'clock (which was
quite true, for she went directly back
to bed when her father had driven
away), and Bent to Boston for wraD
pers and coffee Jackets of lace and silk,
such as no respectable, hard-worklnsr
woman in North Glascow ever dreamed
of wearing. They did not dream,
either, that she wore cherry ribbons
in those same negligees, when she loved
blue best. Just because her adoring
father had once remarked that red
was the only color in the rainbow worth
considering.
At regular intervals, what was
known a.* the sociai set ol Glascow
went In its best array and as many
carriuget* as the town coj:a support
to be «ntertained in state at the mill
owner's brick and stone pile on the hill,
and came away to discourse on the
shocking waste of electricity, the ab
surdly massive decorations of Ameri
can Beauty roses, the dreadful expense
of a caterer from Boston, when Miss
Louise Crocker could have managed
the whole thing for half the price. And
Mabel's gown! The brocade had surely
come from Paris, and it was far too
elaborately trimmed for so young a
girl. Well. It was a pity that Mrs.
Farnham had not lived to steady down
thl3 frolicsome daughter and keep a re
straining hand on the household ex
penses of Donald Farnham.
¥ Little they knew how hateful the
display was to Mabel, how she longed
sometimes to close down the house,
with Its gilt furniture and plush hang
ings, and to join some of the girls
she had met at college. In their trips
abroad, where the world was old and
rich in art and book lore. But this was
her father's life, the life for which he
had longed In those early days when
her pinafores were short and his work
ing ' hours long. He was master of
North Glascow to-day, and he reveled
in his sense of greatness and power.
It was Just when Mabel was hunger
ing for a broader life, when North
Glascow seemed unbearably narrow,
and when she had dazed Its gossips by
some parUcularly unconventional frol
ics, that Harold Barndt came Into their
life. •;.. ...
k / ~5rrTri O RTH GLASCOW had
1* H never taken Mabel
' '2r 'w^l B Farnham seriously.
VJ *i«^lK? H nor knew her t0 take
J^ (\^QS|1\ 9 life Eeriously. yet
i '\H Kiy^eJ^ta there had been a lln "
t.WTfPJI 1 gering hope in tha
«aa?BHn«hn9 minds of the gossips
that when It came to the question of
matrimony, the pretty daughter of. the
big mlllowner might be sensible for
once. •
"It was dreadfully silly. Jimmy."
she said softly, as they walked slowly
back to the house. "And you mustn't
think that it is just because I trusted
my decision to a foolish superstition.
But It's because the little things make
up our lives — at least they make a
woman happy. Some men" — she del
icately refrained from mentioning
Barndt— "would have stayed In the
house and let me look into the empty
pool. And I want some one who un
derstands me: who thinks of the little
things for me. I've been thinking for
other people so long—"
Jimmy held her tremblins hand tight
In his big. strong one.
"I think I understand, dear."
**I know you do." she whispered
softly. "I've known It for ever so lone
— only I couldn't quite — " *
And again he put h»« *-•' ~n the un
certain w.o-ds. But all North O!asc:w
thinks to this day that it was just be
cause of the Hallowe'en superrtitition
that Mabel accepted Jimmy, and
fought the good fight against her
father's pride and disappointment.
"Now each girl must walk down to
the spring, quite alone, and look into
it for the face of her husband- to- be."
announced the, hostess, in the tones of
an oracle. She held up a white fas
cinator, for the night was cool, and
Mabel's hand v.-as the first to reach
for it.
"I hope you are not going to en
danger your health by such nonsense."
Mabel turned to look Into young
Barndt's scowling face. He had been
greatly bored, as he had predicted,
and this was the last straw in his load
of misery.
"I thought you had too much sense
to be superstitious."
"Perhaps," answered Mabel, with an
odd laugh. And then she was gone.
While the merry party awaited her
return, Mabel walked slowly through
the moon-lit garden to the spring. Sh«
was thinking of them both — Jimmy
Crawford, who. though the life of the
party, had seemed somehow to b*
watching her all the evening, and
Barndt, with his polished manners and
his sulky eyes. Then she bent over the
spring and smiled. She had felt it all
along— that his face would look over
her shoulder, and their reflections
would be side by "side.
Mabel smiled in the dark. Would
he always be satisfied with that do
mestic picture she wondered. . -.- *\
Matters came to a head on Hallow
e'en night. With young Barndt at her
side, Mabel had driven throusrh the
crisp autumn air to the Hallowe'en
frolic at Myrtle Graham's home.
Barndt's roses were fastened under her
cloak, and on the table at home the
box of bonbons he had ordered sent to
her each Saturday lay unopened. He
had tucked her into the carriage, but
now he sulked openly.
"These country social affairs are
such a bore, don't you know. I sup
pose we shall bob for apples and ruin
our clothes, and come home deucedlv
tired. I'd much rather have the even
ing at home, with you at the piano and
the lamplight falling on your hair."
a week or so for the pretty actress,
and then decided that, averaging up
joints, Mabel had a trifle the best of
It: to say nothing of her financial pros*
pects. as the only child of the mill
owner. And Jimmy Crawford had
loved* her ever since the flrst day he
had opened the big mill gate for Mabel,
a dainty vision In white with a cherry
sash. Jimmy had been a bobbin boy
that day. Now he was superintendent,
and a better superintendent did not
boss a mill In all New England, said
Mr. Farnham, which went to show that
the owner of the mill Judged the younsr
superintendent by his ability to get
work out of employes and not by tha
state of his affections. The latter would
certainly have given . the self-made
man much concern. He meant, when
he had accumulated money enough, to
marry Mabel Into a family with blood.
Mabel had never taken Jimmy's de
votion seriously until young Barndt
appeared on the scene. Then something
In the mystery which she read In the
face of her long-devoted and much
tried admirer appealed to her more
womanly nature, and though North
Glascow never dreamed of It. Mabel
was realjy thinking deeply of the fu
ture. ¦¦.--
By A. S. Richardson.
IN THE SPRING
Things went wrong with the family
after awhile. Others traders carre in
to divide the profits, the wife had a
eerlous illness and the father sot hurt,
and there came a day when the bitter
ness of death was upon the p(»lr. That
Is, they had to call Jocasta Into the
chanty and say to him:
"My son. In your veins runs thff
blood cf Castile. Tou represent what
"Don't try It again, my Jim Dandy.
The boys are on to your little came.
and next time yo»- will be shot full of
holes."
No matter what Joeaeta thought of
himpejf. or how proud his parents
were of the strut, even the Chinese
flirt diKgt-is on the railroad bed held
him m supreme contempt. He was
a butt of ridicule with surveyers.
bosses, cowboys and ranchmen, and
ivas not considered "game" enough to
take seriously. He was generally re
ferred to as "The Peacock," and was
looked upon as harmless. Jocasta was
a liar. His father and mother were
liars before and after him. When he
could get any one to listen to him he
would descend from his pedestal and
tell of the thoueands of female hearts
he had broken, and of the hundreds
of men he had had to plant by the
•wayside. He lied by wholesale and
retail, and his hearers lausrhed at his
lies instead of criticizing. There was
only one handicap. The flrst time he
was caught cheating at cards the boss
of that division took him by the *ar
and said: •
roorrrtstrt. ncs. *y t. c. Mcciur* »
p=2_ ___g-^ OCASTA and his
iS^^^Fr^vil fatner and mother
V;-^*g^ ' 9 & before him were true
5cj£yrH[vi>-jj Mexicans. If you had
(^7'Aig jT^H "ved in Arizona or
V^$#/V"S * ew Mexico you
< *^^ H m! * nt not regard this
greatly to their
credit, but they thought otherwise.
How or why they drifted into the for
mer Territory ar.d set up shop Is noth
ing to do with this story. The eld man
followed the railroad men with dice
and cards ajid fiery liquors, his wife
followed him and prepared peppery
dishes end sold them over a lunch
counter, and Jocasta— well, he brought
up the rear to x>ose and brag and lie
and uphold the biood of the family.
Jocasta was twenty-five years old
when these things happened. He was
a dandy. He could put on more airs
with a new red handkerchief than any
other young man with a whole. suit of
clothes, lie posed on foot, on horse
bacri and when lying on his blanket
und<.r the- thade of the sagebrush. If
there were no women about he posed
lor the m*n; if men were scarce he
postd for the family. Jocasta did no
work txctpt to draw his breath and
gamble «ii.d drink. The old folks
uoutd have it w, and he was not fool
enough to object to a good thing.
*iht> wanted him to represent the
famiiy us it once war— proud, haughty,
anofcain and careless of money. The
role t.u;ted him to a dot. and he rep-
There was no mor^tS be said. Next
day Jocasta was left an orphar ] as It
were. <-IIis remaining behind ' was
something of a Surprise. 'He dressed
himself with unusual care and pa
raded through the«amp to show him
self off. Never had his small feet and
shapely cal\*es shown to greater ad
vantage: nev« had he he£J his back
bone stiffer no? hiiOcWn higher. When
through with his H?rolnenade— -<*nd he
did not seek to cut it^hort— he paun
tered back to hisCeha^ntjCand sat down
on a nail keg in .the sun. as hi^ ances
tortehad sat on u their baronfaT . door
steps. He knew that he was looked
upen as a .Job-lolly and a guy. but h«
forgavQs^he men thel* ignorance. He
knew that a crisis had arrived when
he must either "TlEh or cut bait, but he
¦was meeting It as became a man of
Castile. Q . c ;;
The roadbed had reached the foot
hills, ©where there, was cover for the
Indians, who hadjtaken a scalp when
ever there was opportunity. On this
we were a hunurea years aco. We
have been proud and glad, and we
would that you could keep it up. but
alas! you have to come off the oerch
and po to work at something. This
family is dead broke."
"1, with these white hands — these
email feet— this noble carriage— 1 eo
to work!" exclaimed Jocasta in reply.
"Alas! you'll have to or go hun
gry." they told hi:n.
Jocasta couldn't tumble to the situ
ation. He had posed so long that the
idea of anything like manual labor was
distasteful to him. He was a eood
rider and might make a Rood cow
boy, but the descent from Castile to
cowboy was too great to think of.
He would die first- It came to be
known In the camp that "The Pea
•:ock" must take a fall, and there was
a great deal of curiosity as to what
he must turn to. In a sarcastic wav
he was offered charge of the mule
gang, the wheelbarrow cann and so
on, but he held his head the 'higher
and made no reply. He had made ud
his mind to be a high-roller to the
end. The old man managed to eke
him along for a fortnight after break
ing the news, but there came a dav
when not another claco could be
raised— when father ar.d mother must
be shipped back to Tucson by con
struction train. Old Castile was in
the ditch at last.
"To-morrow." mused the old man.
as he sat with his son for the last
time, "to-morrow, Jocasta. you will
have neither father nor mother heie.
and to-morrow, alas! you will have to
go to work. Need I tell you that the
thought breaks rny heart? It is- hu
miliation — disgrace — death. Don't you
think, my son, that if you were to try
some other locality you could do better
with the cards?" / ¦ r"
"I have been .given 'away for a hun
dred miles around." was the reply.
¦'"Then you will become a cowboy?"
"Never." ©
"But you will not load carts with
dirt?" ™
"A Castilian never? yet handled fpade
or pick." o
"True, ray son, but "
day a dozen of them, mounted on their
war ponies, had b«en lying in ambush
to pick up any straggler frutn ih*
lines. There were twenty men scat
tered along the two miles cf track as
guards, but as noon came and everv
thing seemed quiet, they srathered
around the rude campflres and cook-
Ing booths to eat their midday meal.
It was then that Jocasta, busy with his
own thoughts but casting eyes around
him, saw the Indians leather for a
swift gallop to cut off three men who
had gone afar for a stick of timber.
Without haste, and without a word to
any one, he rose up. A hundred feet
away was a pony saddled and hridi*-«l
and standing in the shade, and in his
own belt was the Inevitable "cun."
though no one could say that he had
ever made use of It except as an orna
ment. Hundreds of eyes watched Jo
casta as he sauntered down tr> th*
pony with that proud and easy trait of
his, and there was neither surprise nor
curiosity until he slowly took his seat
In the saddle. Then m«n rose uo to
wonder If he was gotng to try horse
stealing In broad daylicht.
As the right hand leathered ud the
reins the left lifted the sombrero in
dignified salute, and then Jocasta set
tled down in the saddle and rod*
straight away. There was a crand
yell behind him. and out came a hun
dred firearms, but before a bullet had
been sent whizzing after him the In
dians broke cover. Then his plan was
grasped and he was cheered. Straight
ahead, posing In his saddle as he had
posed on foot, rode Jocasta, the reins
now tn his left hand and the revolver
In his right, and the Indians causht
sight of him too late to check uo or
gear off. He struck them with *
crash and set his gun »o work, and
there was haste to reinforce him.
When a score of mounted men oull'd
up and dismounted they found the Jim
Dandy lying dead on the ground with
three bullets in his body, and lvin*
ground him within reach of his hand
were four war-painted hurks whost*
souls, if they had any. had gone over
the great divide in company with his.
Men looked and rubbed their eves to
look again. There was Jocasta. and
there were his dead. He had done
what he had done. It was the poser's
first and last pose for glory.
THE FUSDAY ; CALL.
POSING
FOR GLORY.
THE SUNDAY CALIFS .^
Two Full Pages of the Cleverest Fictioo, by -the Cleverest Writers
HALF-HOUR STORIETTE-Sv :=" :¦ • .. -- --•¦ ¦ •
from his place of concealment, and,
witn the camera bulb in his hand, sits
himself down and talks to the Infant
terrible until- he is fairly quiet, when
he presses the bulb and the trick Is
done. And the results of having; baby
photographed r Just as he really ; looks
in the midst of his games have made
the* baby studios immensely popular.
Here is what Boye says of the new in
stitution:
"The photographer, who. possesses a
genuine love for children " ; and '< a keen
appreciation of the many,! little things
that'only childrerican do and 'say, has
his way already paved for him : to , suc
cess. Particularly so is this the ; case,
if he add to these qualifications an
abundant supply of patience and the
faculty ; to grasp and take advantage of
the occasional happy situations that his
little subjects unconsciously •' fall into
while at play before the camera.
scene of his new-found pleaMreS. Tfc«3
there is trouble, which rarely ends un
til his outraged majesty has been pro
pitiated with a gift of some sort from
among all the many treasures over
which he has just had such complete
and uninterrupted sway.
Only in this way can the baby be
snapshotted Just as he looks at play
with any degree of certainty* of secur
ing pictures that do not look posy and
unnatural. While he is delving about
among the toys and reveling in the de
light of having all the furniture in the
room baby size, he never suspects for
a moment that the photographer,
whom he has come to regard with anx
ious awe. Is concealed In that big book
case in a corner of the room, which
contains as well a big camera, and
,that he is being pictured and pictured
the while he is playing with such glee
and complete absorption.
If by any chance, however, he Is too
frisky the photographer comes forth
T^B world do ~ mere, inventive
reel us has again bowed the knee
to his Infant majesty as kins; of
the household and pretty much all
the rest of the universe besides.
2Co more the terrible struggle to get
the unruly one before the camera in '
the sacred Interest of the family album.
No more the operator's clownlike
antics to win even a passing smile
from a kicking, bawling, sprawling
atom of humanity. Having "baby's
picture taken" Is now as eirnple as
"painless dentistry." And all because
of the new "baby studio."
The baby studio has suddenly jumped
into being as the most unique and im
portant adjunct of photography. It is
just what Its name Implies—* photo
graphic studio given over solely and
exclusively to the children of all ages,
from the wee little tot just able to
crawl to the boy or girl bordering on
the fascinating realm of the "grown
ups." But unlike the studio of the
artist, it is not a place of musty rslics
and ghostly lights — though like your
true artist's favorite workshop, til*
baby studio is Invariably in a wild
state of disorder.
This 1« because the baby studio is
nothing; more nor less than a great,
big playroom, with a single window set
aslant in the celling to let in plenty
of light and a floor that is literally
covered with toys of all sorts. The
walls themselves are almost wholly
bidden behind a fresco of pictures that
present to the amazed and delighted
eyes of the • prospective victim of the
photographer's art a perfect kaleido
scope of all the scenes of ancient and
modern fairy lore.
Into this chamber of wonders the in
fant terrible is led fresh from the
scrubbing and brushing of the dress
ing-room and left to get well acquainted
with his new surroundings. Here he
or she may select what fascinates
most and begin an orgle of fun. In the
midst of which the photographer, .con
ceadedjn a big. Innocent- looking book
case, or sideboard, as the case may be,
quietly takes as many pictures as he
deems desirable without the infant
terrible having the slightest Idea that
anything unusual is happening. The
only possible cause for disturbance
usually comes after all the pictures
have been taken and an effort is made
to remove the Infant terrible from the
"At the outset the first step necessary
Is the securin* of their confidence. This
can readily be obtained by displaying a
little tact in approaching them. The
best way Is to take them quietly at the
beginning and avoid plying them with
too many questions if a tendency to
ehyness asserts itself; In fact, , ¦ It : Is
much better to leave children of
type to .themselves for a time until
they become accustomed to the sur
roundings and the strangeness wears
off. When th* point- Is reached, by
interesting them. with the ?£P la °?"° n
of some new toy or the like their atten
tion will be diverted and the fact of
your presence gradually forgotten or at
' least accepted as a necessary evil.
"The common error made by many
operators. in handling children is that
of approaching them too abruptly. Al
though It takes a little more time at
the commencement, it is far better to
devote a few minutes longer at this
time cultivating your, little sitter and
working him Into the proper frame or
mind necessary for the., rendition of a
pleasing portrait before the camera la
even touched.
> "When a little fellow »s brought into
the studio fr^r a sitting we usually
adopt the following method. After the
customary grooming that . Is always
deemed necessary by the anxious nurse
or attendant,- he is ushered Into the
•baby studio.' fitted up expressly for his
reception. In this playroom he is al
lowed full swlrg and amuses himself
In" various fashions until we are ready
for his sitting.
"It is among these surroundings that
we first make his acquaintance and as
much time spent with him here as is
considered sufllcient to secure his Inter
est in-what Is promised to follow. Very
little trouble Is experienced with the
majority of subjects after explaining to
them a brief outline of what will be ex
pected of them, to get them to enter in
the full spirit of the undertaking.
"Meanwhile the 'baby studio* has
been prepared, background and accesso
ries placed in readiness and the cam
era, which is closed in to resemble a
bookcase,^stands in position with the
slide drawn. When the young hopeful
is led in but little urging Is required to
get Hm to occupy the space arranged
for If5n; this is usually by a small chair
or table upon which some article liable
to prove of interest is placed in order
to attract his attention.
"Frequently a number of poses can b«
rotten while he la thus amusing him
self and Is auiet for the fraction of
a second required for the exposure.
Mechanical toys interest children great
ly, and by having a good collection on
hand some one of them will particu
larly strike his fancy and be the cause
of calling: forth a variety of expres
sions ranging all the way from a smile
to a yell.
"Once In a while a subject comes
along: who has passed the stage of be
ing attracted by toys; it is then that a
good stock of little stories or the knowl
edge of a few simple tricks will likely
prove of advantage. We have had
youngsters who have put us to our
wits' end In studying up some scheme
in order to arouse them into some de
gree of animation without result, and
then accidentally, before our stock of
patience had entirely left 1 us, stumble
across some- little trifle that we had
previously overlooked, which would
have the effect of arousing them in-
Btajntly Into a being of life and action.
''One little fellow I have In mind, who
gave us a severe tussle after trying
every conceivable object, only gave
signs of possessing an intellect when
his mother happily remembered his
great fondness for pins and supplied
him with a saucerful. It Is needless to
odd that the proofs selected were from
the plate made after the pins ap
peared.
"The question of allowing the friend*
and relatives who frequently accom
pany a child to assemble In the studio
at the time of sitting Is a much dis
cussed one. Whether It is advisable to
let them stay depends entirely on the
people themselves. Sometimes they can
render valuable assistance, but raors
often their presence has the effect of di
viding the child's attention,
"Notwithstanding the many draw
backs and petty annoyances constantly
met with In the portraiture of children.
personally I derive more genuine pleas
ure in photographing these little people
than in all the other branches of the
art combined. Once In a while, after
an unusually trying ordeal with a real
tartar. I am about ready to take part of
this back, but probably the very next
little tot will be a perfect Jewel, and
more than make up for the shortcom
ings of his predecessor and serve to
strengthen my convictions all to*
THE CALL.
6
"BABY STUDIOS"; Messrs A. S. Barnes & Co. are Just pub
lishing. "Recollections, i Personal and ; Lit
erary," by Richard Henry Stoddard (ed
ited by Ripley. Hitchcock), with' an" Intro-
TWO remarkably good books on
foreign lands are "The Handbook
of Modern Japan" by Ernest' W^
Clement and "Around the ¦ Carribean
and Across the Panama" by Francis
C. Nicholas, Ph. D. "In view of , the
strained Far Eastern question and the
remarkably sudden appearance of the
republic of Panama upon the world's
theater, both books happen to be sin
gularly timely. . :^ :
With the knowledge gained first-hand
through fifteen years' continued resi
dence In the Mikado's empire, .- Pro
fessor Clement is pre-eminently the
man best fitted to write authoritatively
upon Japan, its resources and achieve-
Two Timely Books.
Professor - Edward A. Steiner, whose
book, "Tolstoy the Man," is to be one of
the fall books of The Outlook Company,
spent last winter In Russia, much of
which time he spent -with Count Tolstoy
and his family. ' Writing of the present
appearance of Tolstoy, Professor Steiner
says : "He Is so thin that bis features
stand out with unusual sharpness. The
eyes are still searching but show the
effect of much suffering, and a veil liko
the shadow of a passing cloud hangs over
them. His voice.' tQO, has grown weak
and his hand clasp Is like the touch of
gloved ' fingers, without warmth or
strength: but the greeting is not less
cordial than ever. Now. struggling with
approaching death, he Is fastening upon
paper memories* and Impressions of by
gone years, and when every moment Is
precious he yet denies himself to no one
and does not stint the time which he gives
to his friends. It is such a large welcome
as only a large soul can give one. It U
In striking contrast to the welcome which
one receives from every other member of
his household."
Echoes of Bookdom.
THE sale of novels Is said to ba nota
bly diminishing in France, and . a
Journalist has collected the views of
the leading French publishers upon
tho subject. The publishers agree as to
the fact but differ as to the reason -to
be assigned for It. The market suffers,
we are assured,
"1. Because there are too many novels,
and competing authors cut one another's
throats. - . . •-.-,>¦¦
"2. "Because translations of the works
of Ibsen, Tolstoy ahd Kipling are, for the
moment, more popular in France than tne
home made article. • - . .
-'"3. Because the. French newspapers do
not as a ' rule 1 review novels, but only
print those thinly disguised advertise
ments called /reclames.' ;v
An' interesting feature of the "slump"
Is the fact' that the novels most affected
by ' it arc those usually. Rnd not i alto
gether-, unreasonably, considered .. "im
proper." A survey, however casual, of
the booksellers' windows suggests that in
their case the first reason is the one that
can be most plausibly invoked. .
Aquila Kempster, author of tha new
novel of Hindu mysticism and romance,
"The Mark," was a deserter from an Eng
lish sailing ship In Indian waters, .where
the doctors -had sent him as a youngster
for his health. : He lived seven years In
the native India of 'Kipling, having among
his acquaintances as friend and confidant
a native Prince of royal blood. The novel
is full of the glamour and fascination of
the East and deals convincingly with
matters that Western minds pronounce
impossible. It was one of 587 unsolicited
manuscripts received this season at the
office of his publishers, Doubleday, Page
& Co.. and the first they accepted as
worthy of every effort a publisher
can give for the success of a first' novel
by a new writer— though there Is not a
semblance In his style to the work of a
beginner. •
John Fox Jr., whose novel, "The Lit
tle; Shepherd.VV has-been such a great
success, has contributed a Christmas
story to the December Scribner's with
the curious title "Christmas Night With
Satan"— Satan being a dog of great in
telligence, and very ugly. - '
- Henry Van Dyke's best poem Is also
published in F, Scribner's. • It is an VOde
to Music," a long -filled with
charming lyrics, which show Dr. Van
Dyke's mastery of the technic of verse.
December Magazines
THE Christmas Centurj- has the
ninth of Timothy Cole'3 wood en
gravings of old Spanish mas
ters, very appropriately, a detail
from "The Adoration of the Shep
herds," by Murlllo. Th.» '• original
is in the museum at . Seville. Andre
Saglio tells about "The Blgoudlnes," a
little known and peculiar people among
the Bretons. The Bigoudlne% may be
found only an hour's Journey from
Qulmper.the modernized chief town of
FInisterre; but their/dress suggests the
Eskimos and Chinese, tljeir ¦ faces are
strongly Mongolian in type/and in lan
guage, customs and belief they seem
to have no, relation with the rest of
France. M. Saglio's article Is the fruit
of several years' comparative research.
Especially timely is the ; discussion in
the Christmas Century by Dr. James
M. Buckley of "Fanaticism in the Unit
ed States.'VThe author of "Faith Heal
ing. Christian Science and Kindred Phe
nomena" takes for hlsjtexta' recent
statement ; by a cosmopolite of, wide
fame, thatrthe United States is a "hot
bed of fanaticism."^ Dr. Buckley's arti
cle touches upon the Dnelda Commun
ity,; Spiritualism, . Mormonlsm, . Dowle
and ' his teachings, . Christian Science
and some phases of labor organization.
Fanaticism, according to . Dr. Buckley,
is one'of the trinity of dangers threat
ening our, republic.
Stories Worth While.
/N these days of the mushroom
growth of writers and the. tons of
books which pass current as fiction
it is a rare and a precious* boon to read
a story in some new vein. The authors
of. such storles u are few and far be
tween, but such a. one Is. T. Jenkins
Hains, whose book, "The Strife of the
Sea," has lust been published.
"Oh, another sea story!" groans the
bookbuyer as he wearily scans the titles
of the season's latest output. But buy
it, my gentle bibliolater, and you will
be rewarded an hundred fold.
This Is not a. tale of bucko mates and
foretopgallants'ls — Clark Russell^ has
only to write, one more of those, to
damn the brand completely; but It Is
a collection of tales of the things which
live on or In the waters under the
earth. Halns has hereby done for the
pelican, the' ray and the shark v what
Seton Thompson — or Thompson Seton —
did for the four-footed things upon the
earth. With this reservation: that there
are none of those nice little cambric
tea stories about Mamma Bunny and
Baby Cottontail in this book; these are
tales of that struggle for existence
which goes on beneath the water, where
parent forsakes child and brother eats
brother. ',
The quality possessed by Hains' writ
ing does not come from dilettante fish
ing trips or a season's vacation on the
Florida Keys, but from intimate famil
iarity wfth every one of the complex
characteristics of the sea and sea life
gained from long residence thereon, both
as officer of an ocean . greyhound and
master of a private yacht. Long com
munion with the sea fowls and the
finny creatures has given the author a
strong sympathy for them which finds
adequate expression in the stories
which he writes.
(Baker & Taylor . Company, New
York; Illustrated; price $1 60.) T^>
i"\ shall ask my readers," says the
author In his introduction, "to consider
the movements of the American popu
lation as- grouped under four great
epochs. There was a time when the
Western -bound men were crossing, the
Alleghanies; a time when they crossed
the Mississippi; a time when they
crossed the Rocky Mountains. Now
they cross the Pacific Ocean." The first
three of. these ingeniously divided
epochs are made the subjects of
Hough's book. The causes prompting
each succeeding migratory period, are
detailed and the results of each conclu
sively summed up.
So rapidly has one event followed an -
Champions Pioneers.
JI/fR. EMERSON HOUGH, rpman-
IVjL tIclst i can fln^ no comfort in
these days of trusts and steel
kings and sighs for the times when
men trekked through the wilderness of
the Ohio Valley upon a dally diet of
pounded corn and dried venison. Amer
ican chivalry, American bravery has
sped for the author of "The Mississippi
Bubble," and naught remains but the
glutton feast of a gorged nation/ In
"The Way to the West" this teller of
romances lifts up his voice In a glorifi
cation of that departed type of the
American, tbe frontier nation builder
of the West.
Nor does anybody begrudge the long
haired backwoodsman of a century ago
one iota of praise; in fact, we of the
age of submarine boats and nascent
airships have' too soon forgotten the
sturdy men, our grandfathers and
great-grandfathers, who, through
bloody sweat, upbuilt the nation which
now fosters us. Theirs was a work
herculean, imperishable. To them is
due all honor from the Americans of a
twentieth century world power. But
need Mr. Hough bewail the fact so bit
terly that the spirit of our ancestors
is to-day exemplified In a form which
is world reaching? If our grandfathers
fought and conquered the stubborn
forces of one river valley, is there any
shame to us that with the same spirit
diverted into different channels and
aided by more modern conditions we
Americans of to-day are pushing for
ward the boundary of a world's trade?
Despite his lament upon the passing
of the frontiersmen, Mr. , Hough has
done his* idols a great service in put
ting their" history before another gener
ation in /a popular form. The Daniel
Boone of Abbott's old hisjtoriec is . not
going to be 'known to-day. 'The story of
the Western course of empire which
necessitates from three to five volumes
in thetelllng is not going to find general
current in these busy times. The
autHor of "The Way to the West" has
wisely recognized these facts and set
forth a narrative which claims more for
the mode of the telling than for the
multiplicity and chronological correct
ness of the facts recounted.
William R. Llghton, author of a strong
new novel, "Tha , Ultimata Moment,"
which tha Harpers are publishing. Is a
Pennsylvanian, born in Wllllamsport,
whose parents went westward when ha
was a mere boy. Consequently he knows
tha West intimately, and has written
about it thoroughly In articles and in
short stories, of which, as to tbe earlier
ones, ha say. ','1 have them yet, and look
them over now and then when I think
my spirit needs chastening." After an
education chiefly at home. Mr. Lighten
studied law, and was admitted to tha bar.
"I don't know why I did It," ha said re
cently. "Six months of practice gava me
to understand distinctly * that lawlng was
not for me. But there was a vast fund of
'material' In law office and | courtroom,
and at every chanca I tried to get this
material into shape on paper. I drifted
around oven the Far West for a time. In
Kansas, New Mexico, Arizona and Cali
fornia. One winter I tried teaching school
In the heart of the New Mexican desert,
a hundred miles back from nowhere. But
I found that school teaching demanded
genius, and quit it. Then I spent five or
six years in court reporting, enjoying It
immensely— not for the work Itself, but
for the matchless opportunity It gave for
studying men and affairs." A direct re
sult- of this experience Is shown In Mr.
Llghton' s virile and sympathetic por
trayal of > the lawyer in "Tha Ultimate
Moment." ' The novel appeared. serially in
Harper's Bazar.
New Books Received.
ODD CRAFT, W. W. Jacobs; Charles
Scrlbner's Sons, New York; illustrated;
price {1 60.
THE STRIFE OF THE SEA, T.
Jenkins Halns; the Baker & Taylor Go*
New York; illustrated; price $1 60.
THE THOUGHTLESS THOUGHTS
OF CARISABEL, Isa Carrington Ca
bell; Henry Holt & Co.. New York;
price {1 25.
THE WAY TO THE WEST. Emexsorj
Hough; Bobbs-Merrill Co., Indianapolis;
Illustrated; price $1 50.
. ROGER AND ROSE. Katharine
Beebe; Saalfield Publishing: Co., Akron,
Ohio; .price SI 00. - ¦
3 THE MARBLE FAUN. "The Unit
Books," Howard W. BelL New York.
. LETTERS AND ADDRESSES OT
ABRAHAM LINCOLN. "The Unit
Books," Howard W. Bell. New York.
PIONEER SPANIARDS IN NORTH
AMERICA, William Henry Johnson:
Little, Brown & Co., Boston; Illustrate
ed; price $1 50.
THE COMEDIE OF ERRORS, edited]
by Charlotte Porter and Helen A.
Clarke; Thomas Y. Crowell & Co., New.
York.
TOBACCO LEAVES, John Bain Jr. i
H. N. Caldwell Co., Boston; price $1 5X
SHIPMATES IN SUNSHINE.
Frankfort Moore: D. Apple ton & Co.,
New York: price $1 50.
THE BARONET IN CORDUROY.
Albert Lee; D. Appleton & Co., Nawi
York.
GLIMPSES OF TRUTH. Rt Rar. J.
L. Spaulding, Bishop of Peorla; A. C
McClurg & Go., Chicago; prica SO cents.
JOHNNIE, E. O. Laughlln; Bobbs-
Merrill Co., Indianapolis; illustrated;
price H 60. \
WHEN MALJNDY SING8, Paul
Laurence Dunbar: Dodd, Mead ft Co.,
New York; illustrated; price 31 50.
SONGS FROM THE HEARTS OB!
WOMEN, Nicholas Smith; A. C. Mc-
Clurg & Co., Chicago.
FROM EMPIRE TO REPUBLIC.
Arthur Howard Noll; A. C McClurg A
Co., Chicago; Illustrated.
SOME FRUITS OF SOLITUDE, Wil
liam Penn; H. M. Caldwell Co., Boston;
illustrated.
FAMOUS ACTORS AND ACT
RESSES AND THEHl HOMES, Gustav
Kobbe; Little. Brown & Co., Boston;
Illustrated; Drice $3.
THE WORTH OF WORDS, Dr.
Ralcy Husted Bell; Hlnda & Noble.
New York.
THE CALL OF THE TWENTIETH
CENTURY, David Starr Jordan, presi
dent of Stanford University; American
Unitarian Association, Boston: price SO
cents.
THE STORY OF THE CHURCHES
—THE METHODISTS. John Alfred
Faulkner: the Baker & Taylor Co..'
New York.
A HISTORY OF THE GREEN
BACKS, Wesley Clair Mitchell; Uni
versity of Chicago Press, Chicago
price $4.
THIRTY YEARS' WAB ON SIL
VER. A. L. Fitzgerald; Alns worth &
Co.. Chicago: price II 50.
JEST NUTS. L. J. Bridgman: H. M.
Caldwell & Co., Boston; illustrated;
price $1 25.
THE SONGS OF THE TREES. Mary
Y. Robinson and Josephine Robinson;'
Bobbs-Merrill Co., Indianapolis; il
lustrated. - -•:..'• \
THE ENCHANTED ISLAND. OF
YEW. S. Frank Ba*um: Bobbs-Merrlll"
Co.. Indianapolis: Illustrated.
HOW TO BEAT THE GAME. Garrett
Brown: G. W. Dlllingham A Co., New-
York; illustrated.
COLUMBIA LAW REVIEW, issued
by the Columbia Law School.
RACE IN INDUSTRY.- Bureau of
Statistics of' Labor of Massachusetts,
Charles F. Pidgin, editor. . .
CALIFORNIA HYDROGAPHY. Jo
seph Harlow Lippincott. Department of
the Interior. Washington, D. C
0 .
other In our national history, with such
remarkable strides has the upbuilding
of the Middle West and . the Pacific
Slope beeji accomplished, 'that to. read
of the -Indian -fights and flat boat voy
ages of a brief seventy-five years ago
seems like the perusal of a romance.
With true* instinct. Hough has caught
the romantic features of the story and
made them salient. He gives us flesh
and : blood pictures of Daniel Boone.
Davy Crockett, Kit Carson and other
stalwarts of the old days of sweat and
Iron.' The tragedy of the Santa Fe and
Oregon trails Is shown to us In all its
grim reality. The free, springing life of
the prairie men is pictured with con
vincing reality. .
"A comparison between Roosevelt's
"Winning of the West" and, Hough's
work upon the same subject y would
seem natural. and yet it, is impractic
able.- Roosevelt's book is a history.
Hough's Is a sketch about history.
What the author-President has. -done
with painstaking fidelity, the latter
writer has skipped lightly over, taking
merely the superficial aspects of the
subject which appeal to^ a romancer.
Hough's book is good reading; Roose
velt's is good reading and good history.
(Bobbs-Merrill Company, Indianap
olis; illustrated; price %\ 25.)
"Around the Caribbean and Across
Panama", .is of a -different character
from Clemen t'8 'book .on Japan. It is
a lively account of many Journeys In
and about the West Indies and over
the isthmus. There are some hereto
fore | unexplored nooks In Central
America uncovered to the eyes of the
reader. Native customs and native In
dustries are 'detailed with a faithful
ness that would; almost preclude the
necessity of a Jaunt thither by some
globe-trotter who had yet to see some
new thing. < •
In a chapter devoted to the present
state of the Panama canal. Dr. Nichol
as gives some very interesting, facts.
He condemns the Nicaraguan route as
being wholly Impracticable on account
of the uncertain ebb and flow of water
in the Nlcaraguan ;lake due to the
tropical downpours. • '
(Handbook of Modern Jaoan," A. C.
McClurg & Co.: Chicago; illustrated.
Around the Caribbean, H. M. Caldwell
Company,' Boston; Illustrated; price $2.)
ments. We have had tourists' glimpses
of Japanese » and' dilettante
musings upon Japanese life, bat never
so complete a textbook of Japan as it
really is as that which Clement pre
sents to us. He Is a conscientious
student, who has sifted his facts
thoroughly and presented them In a
thoroughly readable manner.
Not only does the author give the
history of the Japanese race, . their
probable origin, development and racial
characteristics, but he deals at length
with the gradual awakening of the na
tion into a modern world power, and
the changes which have been wrought
by the influences of the Occidental na
tions. The character of the constitu
tional Imperialism' of the government,
the nature of the laws, the scope of
the educational system of the empire
are thoroughly expounded. Maps and
a comprehensive appendix round the
work out into something which every
up-to-date man should keep at * his
elbow when he Is reading the.-news
papers nowadays. • ' ; • , '..
>"It is surely the ultimate act of hero
worship to christen a society after one's
hero, unless, as perchance in the case of
Robert Browning, the society were to ba
mistaken for a veiled protest against tha
obscure In language, the cryptic In pur
pose. One after another these societies
named after great men come and go.
Burns perhaps holds his disciples to
gether more successfully than the rest,
but we note that the English Goethe So
ciety continues to flourish. It can legiti
mately boast of a membership of nearly
200 disciples, of an Income of something
like £70 per annum and of fa perennial
need for its services. In view of the ten
dency among tha. thoughtless throng to
neglect the works of 'the - Master who
Sleeps at Weimar.' " •
¦Says the literary critic of the London
Westminster Review: ~
Thomas Nelson Page's "Gordon Keith**
seems to havo come to stay. It scored!
50,000 in July publication. August' saw
the figures 70,000 and September more
than 90,000. The publishers now announce
110,000, with November and December still
to hear from. '
E. F. Benson, author of "The Relentless
City," is known to some of his friends
as "Dodo" Benson, because of his first
story, "Dodo." which, although written
wben he was a young Cambridge gradu
ate, achieved Immediate success and
made Its author famous. In "Tbe j Re*
lentless City." Mr. Benson gives free ex
pression to his opinions of certain phases
of .city life, using New York as a target
for bis clever shafts. The author lives
up to bis convictions and spends most of
his time In the quiet cathedral city of
Winchester, where he has his own bache
lor establishment and runs things as he
likes. His favorite room Is no room at
all. but half of his little garden, with ¦
roof over It, and the carpet of grass.
Here are books and tables and comfort
able chairs, and even electric lights, so
that he can live almost every hour In the
outdoor air he loves. These are the best
conditions for work that I know." Mr.
Benson said to a friend recently vlsitlns
htm. "They beat anything that London
can give."
"No monument, no statue of Carlyle as
yet has been erected at Ecclefechan or
anywhere in his much loved Annandale.
In. the' window of one of the cottages In
the village the sign appears of "The Re
sartus Reading-room.' This is all. A
small, badly lighted apartment containing
a few newspapers, a bagatelle board In a
smaller room behind, and a neglected li
brary above a rickety stair— this is the
'Kesartus Reading-room' 1 A complete
edition of Carlyle's books, which the 11-
Lrary at ono time ' possessed, has now
wholly 'disappeared.' I asked an obliging
peasant in one of the lanes If he had read
Thomas Carlyle's works. 'No,' he replied,
''they're no' easy to get haud o' here
abouts.' "
Burns, according to the same authori
ty, has been" much more fortunate. "In
Ayrshire, indeed anywhere In Scotland,
everybody sings .'Bonnie Doon* or recites
'Tarn O'Shanter,' or quotes epigrams
from tbe proso 'Letters,' but in Annan
dale no bookseller could afford to 'stock'
even a sixpenny edition of 'Sartor.' "
Carl yie seems to be still among the
prophets unhonored among their own
folk. Here Is a passage from Mr. J. M.
Sloan's very Interesting book, "Tbe Car-
Iyle Country," Just published.
¦ ; The tflrst volumes of "The Contempo
rary Men of Letters Series," of McClure.
Phillips &, Co., which will be edited by
William Astolnwall Bradley, are to b«
published this month. Tho purpose of tha
series is to give brief estimates of writers
of our, own time, or of writers whose In
fluence, is a contemporary power. Th«
books are as complete as possible under
the circumstance, from the biographical
side, : and from the critical side, aim to
give an understanding and sympathetic
estimate of the : writer's .work. They
stand, as it were, as a summing up, in
more authoritative form of newspaper
and magazine articles which can, by their
nature, be only fragmentary, and are fre
quently distorted. Tbe volumes to appear
this. month are "Bret Harte,"-by H. W.
Boynton, editor of the Riverside "Pope,"
which- Is tho first American estimate of
this. American author; and "Walter Pa
ter." by Ferris Greenslet, which Is the
flrst : connected life of the greatest Eng
lish stylist. * '
DR. HERBERT ' M. HOPKINS,
erstwhile Instructor of Latin at
the University of California and
recently budding novelist, lays biint
eelf open to the charge <nT vtnvdlc
tiveness by his latest book. /The
Torch.** For through the med'tam ct
a novel Dr. Hopkins has manifestly en
deavored to ~get back a£" President
Benjamin Ide Wheeler of the State Uni
versity for the real or f»nH»rt trrang
which he suffered at that gentleman's
hands while a' member of the teaching
staff at Berkeley. An out and V out
polemic upon the state of . things as
they are, or as Dr. Hopkins sees* taem
at Berkeley, would not have found a
publisher, but glazed over under the
guise of a novel. Dr. Hopkins has suc
ceeded in getting his opinions into
print.
Much • as we may take exception to
the author's display of bad taste, it
must be admitted that 1#; has written
a college story which will be widely
read. For he strikes an entirely ' new
note in that class of fiction, in that he
deals with the faculty side of the. col
legiate world and ehows us that there
is much more to the college professor's
life than what is displayed in his class
rooms. His story deals with the "in
side" of college politics and will be of
interest to college men of California,
especially on account of the thinly dis
guised recountal of some recent hap
penings, both at the University of Cali
fornia and Stanford. - " • .
The scene of Hopkins* novel is laid at
a Western' university situated . at
"Argos," whose colors, are green and
gold, and whose college yell is not un*
familiar to football enthusiasts who
witness the games out on Richmond
Field. The story opens with the re
tirement of an old president and the
coming from the East of one, Babing
ton, to take up the reins of govern
ment. With the advent of. new blood
there is a general upheaval among the
somewhat antiquated members of the
teaching force and many bitter Jeal
ousies and heart-burnings are the re
sult.
The new president's vigorous meas
ures cause so much internal dissension
that finally something very like the un
fortunate Ross incident at Stanford en
sues and there is a general crash, fol
lowed by an intense gloom. The rather
lame and halting thread of- -romance
which is woven about a beautiful wi
dow of the college community hardly
serves to illumine the grand wreck
which signalizes the ending of the tale.
Were one to take the story at its worth
without reading between the lines, the
undeniable references to facts which
the author would have his reader be
lieve to be extant In the college across
the bay, "The Torch" could be consid
ered a good story. It has a strong
swing to it and some well-worked situ
ations. It reveals a litt!e-known phase
of academic life In a convincing man
ner.
But friends of the "University of Ar
gos" will scarcely be convinced that the
torch Is laid to that fruitful tree in 'ao
certain a destruction as Dr. Hopkins
seems to see. In that one great family
over In Berkeley there may be rules for
Its discipline which are beyond the ken
of the erstwhile instructor of Latin. «, \
(Bobbs-Merrill Company, Indianap
olis; price 51 25.)
A Veiled Polemic.
Tha Literary Digest gives Information
of a trust which has recently been formed
in Germany by the retail book sellers.
The agitation against It has assumed na
tional proportions. Professor Karl Buch
er, rector of the University of Leipsic
has written a book on the subject, la
which he says:
"The book dealers' ring Is a danger tat
the sclentiflo attainments of Germany.
whose annual literary output Is mors
than that of England. France and Amer
ica combined. Not only have tha cost of
books been enormously increased, so that
prices tre even higher than In England.
but the publisher's share of the profits
has been cut down to a minimum, and tha
honorarium paid to the author has beea
correspondingly reduced. All special re
ductions to, libraries, have been stop*
ped, and by a singular arrange*
ment foreigners can buy German books
at from 15 to 25 per cent less than the
Germans .can, ¦ and the general cost oC
books has increased from. 10 to 50 per cent*
As a consequence, the authors of Ger
many have* organized an association,
the 'Akademlscher Scbutzverein,* witJ*
branch associations In every university
town of Germany, Austria and German
Switzerland, and with headquarters in
Leipsic, the purpose of which In to break
the book ring and to secure reasonabxa
remuneration for the products of than;
pens."
added the -drop which crystalUzeA the
latent elements of the young story tell
er into the well rounded novelist. "One
More Unfortunate" was not a school
boy effort; it was the first story of Jack
London, the man and the artist.
t Color printing. Is snown In Its highest
development ; In the Christmas Scrib r
net's. Theresa a cover by J. O. Som
mer; a frontispiece by Maxfleld Par- ¦
rlsh; ; tight' rail pages by Jessie Willcox
Smith; Holland i sketches by Penfleld;.
decorations by Peirson— all faithfully
reproduced In' their -original brilliant
colors. * -J •¦""' .' •'.
Mark Twain's story 'in the Christmas
number of Harper's Magazine lay In hl»
mind' twenty, years before^he wrote it,
and when he- finally set rjt down on
paper the words came without a break,:
nor did he change a syllable of It after
It was written: With one exception, hV
says, this is the only story he was evep
able to write in; this way, as usually he
has to work hard over his short stories,
writing and "rewriting* them. - Th« story
is entitled "A Dog's Tale," -and- begins
thus: V'My father was a St. Bernard,
my mother was a collie,' but I am a
Presbyterian." The development of the
story holds surprises for the reader.
There are . twenty-two sumptuous
pages of color- work Un the Christmas
Harper's, > comprising . - Howard Pyle's
medieval pictures for Olivia Howard
Dunbar's article on \"Peire Vidal/'^a
humoriflc troubadour of the twelfth cen
tury; Andre Castalgne's modern French
pictures, Elizabeth Shippen Green's ex
quisite child pictures accompanying
some clever verse by Josephine Preston
Peabody, W. T. Smedley's dog pictures
for Mark. Twain's story, and a drawing
by Henry Hutt. It is the most luxuri
ous and satisfying number of Harper's
ever produced. - . -
Bliss Carman, the editor of The Liter
ary: World, besides his regi^ar essay,
will contribute a Christmas poem to the
December number of that publication.
In this number, much increased In size
with a three-color cover, design, there
will' be a special article, on the season's
'gift books, and also an article devoted
to the beat new books for children.
"The Editor" and his friends will dis
cuss, In the "Editor's Club," a regular
department now in The Literary World,
various ways of spending* Christmas.
Important books of a serious nature,. ia
well as the best of the new fiction, will
be reviewed, and the regular features of"
"The Book Market" and "News ' and
Notes" will put readers in touch with
what Is going on in the book world.
"A Girl of To-day" is the title of the
novelette in AInslee's for December.
It is a story of the New York "400,"
with plenty of action, a good dash of
drama, written in a charming style. Its
author Is Elizabeth Duer. A thorough
ly characteristic story is "A Suburban
Christmas." and the fact that Charles
Battell Loomis IS the author is, a guar
antee that it is amusing. Ralph Henry
Barbour has an attractive love story,
with a Christmas setting. In "1 Find
the Princess." Josephine Dlxon, whose
clever novelette, entitled "Money and
Matrimony," will be remembered by
AInslee's readers, contributes a South
ern love story, entitled "Midwinter.
Madness." • A diverting and Instructive
essay is ''The Art of Entertaining," by
Mary Stewart Cutting. Ellen Thorney
croft Fowler contributes a humorous
short story, under the title of "Mrs.
Fitzjohn's Enemy." "The Defect in
Felix" is a Christmas love story of the
Bohemian set of New York, by Kate
Jordan, whose novelette, "Time, the Co
median," created a sensation in* the
March AInslee's.' Jack London, author
of "The Call of the Wild," has a short
story, also of the Klondike, the title of
which, "Too Much Gold,", is suggestive
of some scenes in the book.
The December Delineator , represents
the high-water mark of beauty and
utility, and possibly of circulation also,
in a woman's magazine, having a first
edition- of more than a . million copies.
Among the notable contributors are:
. Richard Le Galllenne, with a delicate
Iromance, "A Wedding Ring in the Gar
den," containing lyrics In the author's
best vein; W. A. Frazer, with an Indian
tale, "The Net of Leo"; Albert BIgelow
Paine, with a delightful sketch founded
on the foibles of the collector; Harriett
Prescott Spofford. with a love story of
unusual interest; Andrew Lang, with 'a
clever travesty on the usual fairy tale;
and Gustav Kobbe, with an Interesting
paper describing the life of Mme.
Emma Eames, in her Italian home,
with her portrait In colors.
The Overland Monthly ! continues to
Improve with every Issue. The new
management Is bringing it up to an
equal standard with the fcest there is
in the East in the magazine line. > ;
"The Cruise of the Bogota," in the
Christmas number, should Interest all
those who have followed the trend* of
events in Panama, as the author, Ar
thur H. Dutton, has thrown the lime
light of critical Judgment on the new
' est republic.
"La Noche Buena" describes a Mexi
can Christmas festival, and the quaint
description translated from Juan de
Dlos Peza will be enjoyed by all lovers
of unbounded faith and simple adher
ence to religious customs.
There is a tragic story, with an ele
ment of, humor, called the "Callposa
Christmas Goose," by Henry M; Hoyt,
which makes good reading.
"Through the Heart of the Sierras"
is of the mountains and of railroad de
velopment in California, and the author',
S. S. Boynton. shows a rare facility in
word painting. Ella M.. Sexton writes
of "The NymDh of Lotta's Fountain."
This is a Christmas love story. .
"Again I hear the reader ask. 'Who
are our pessimists?' " vociferates the
young socialist In his plea; and he an
swers: "They are the pulsating life
cells of our nation. Its flesh, bones and
einews. They are those who know not
and know not that they know not. They
contend and find fault (and rightly so)
with existing conditions. They are pes
simists, who. if they had the brains of
bur optimists, would sustain, renovate
and advance with healthy,stlmulus the
prosperity of the nation. While wish
ing to recreate they ignorantly destroy.
Our anarchists, socialists and labor
leaders, with the great masses which
they represent, are the component parts
of that great tidal wave of humanity
which a few of our talented observers
have already taken notice of and class
ified as the 'coming terror.* "
Needless to say that this remarkable
monosrapb by London served only to
mystify the callow intellects of its high
school 'readers and confirm their sus
pk-Jor;s of his anarchical tendencies.
Fallacious as his arguments might have
beer, there was a strength to that lit
tle TK3J- which in the lipht of later
developments can be considered as the
Etraw which pointed the wind.
That was the single occasion, how
ever, on which London sought to lead
his schoolmates out of the wilderness.
His nert Aegis publication was much
more subdued, being a little Japanese
sketch under the caption, "Sakaicho,
Hona Asi and Hakadaki." a simple lit
tle thing, pitched In a minor chord.
Then followed "A Night's Swim In
Teddo Bay," the recountal of a rollick
ins lark on the part of the author while
with his chip In Japanese waters.
A sea sketch called "The Hun
Across." and another "Frisco Kid",
story, neither of extraordinary merit,
next appeared in the Aegis. These were
followed by two stories, written Just
before London left high school for- a
brief six months at the university and
then Alaska. "Who Believes / In
Ghosts" and "One More Unfortunate"
were the titles of these two stories,' the
best of his high school writings and
very stronir indications of what was
to come when the frozen north had
A strange fellow was that young
sailor tramp— for tramp he had also
been before he came to the high school.
With his salient Jaw sticking out over
a gray eweater, his rumpled hair and
gray eyes, sparkling Eometimes almost
to savagery, he was not a fellow to in
vite a confidence from the younger
boys, his schoolmates, and consequent
ly he was looked upon with a respectful
awe by his associates. Some even called
him an anarchist; this because he used
to go down to the City Hall Square on
Saturday nights and harangue the
laboring men and loafers upon the
tenets of socialism.
In fact London could not refrain from
voicing his sentiments on that question
to his schoolmates. In the Aegis of
March 1, '95, there appeared under his
came a remarkable screed entitled
"Pessimism, Optimism and Patriot-
Ism," a weird combination of abstrac
tions Indeed.
That was before Josiah Flynt had
written his tramp stories. "Frisco Kid"
was in a new vein so far as the lim
ited circle of a typical high school boy's
knowledge of books carried him. This
little story by young London, with its
sudden dash into a terra incognita, its
fanciful diction and clear-cut pathos,
co different from the usual waterfall
type of a "sad etory," broke down all
barriers, and London was tacitly ac
knowledged the Btar writer of the
6chool.
novelists, and by the ever-in
creasing popularity of bis books
bids fair to retain the position
to which be has attained. "A Little
Journey" to his Oakland home, by one
of the literary enthusiasts, has already
appeared in print, and the book people
are eager to grasp any new bit of In
formation about this virile young Cali
fornia writer. With this article The
Call places before the reading public
for the first time a resume of, the very
first writings of Jack London— of Jack
London the poverty-stricken Etudent
and budding socialist; not of London
the author of three and £our edition
novels.
London has been called the Ameri
can Kipling. Ki* blunt, man's
strength has even been said to have
out-Kiplinged Rudyard himself. With
out making any leading statements
upon the question it may be said, how
ever, that, like Kipling. London's
Blory- telling lever would out sev
eral years before it began to assume a
readable form. Again, like the English
author, London's first attempts at tell
ing a taJe were given to the narrow
world of a school paper circulation.
The first published literary effort of
Jack London appeared in the Oak
land High School Aegis of the date of
January IS. 1S95. It was entitled
•"Benin Island, an Incident of the Seal
ing Fleet of '93." and was made the
leading article of the school periodical
by the enthusiastic school-boy editor.
A typical school boy's article was this.
It began:
"How many beautiful, unfrequented
epots there are that are practically
unknown and unheard of; unknown
and unheard of, not only by that great
cJass, the stay-at-home people, but by
the wandering sightseer.
l"u!l many a flower If born to blush unseen.
And waste Its «w«>einecs on the desert air.
This piece of descriptive writing— all
young asnirants indulge in that rudi
mentary branch first — detailed an inci
dent in London's own life when he was
an A. li. before the mast four years
previously. But it was so far superior
t<> the usual hodge-podge of youthful
Impressions and stilted poems which
fiiled the- pases of the Aegis that a gen
• ;«i murmur of surprise swept over the
budding literati of the school. The
Ac-Kis salon, of which the writer of
these columns had the honor to be a
humble member, gravely gathered in
conclave and discussed the merits of
this rough sailor, who had suddenly ap
peared to snatch the laurel buds from
tin- youthful brows of aspiring genius.
Hut London would not down. . In the
next issue of the Aegis there appeared
a more aspiring piece — "Frisco Kid's
Story." It was a dialect story, couched
In the vernacular of the hobo. Through
the monologue of "Frisco Kid" there
was narrated the simple little story of
a youth from a mansion in the city who
had strayed away with tramps and
finally met his death while still of their
number.
Lord n's first Work
tt tt ri I liiA me snort space of five
ft/^/ years Jack London has leapt
* * Latu ihe forefront of American
. ;. .;«¦'
duction by Edmund Clarence Stedman.
This important book contains many per
sbnal anecdotes of Poe. Thackeray, Haw
thorne and others, whom Mr. Stoddard
knew. . It may be said to offer in a sense
a literary history of our country for more
than a generation. Mr. Stoddard's recol
lections go back to. the time of Poe, with
whom he had some. curious experiences.
In '.response to the suggestions of
friends of Mr. Stoddard and bibliophiles,
the publishers have made a large paper
edition, limited to two' hundred copies,
which contains reproductions of rare por
traits, letters and manuscripts from tha
collection presented to the Authors' Club.
The regular edition of tha book has a
striking portrait of Mr. Stoddard for the
frontispiece and a few other Illustrations.
Is apt to hav* a contrary «ff«ct. Henca.
fhtra Is much risk In putting novels on
'<he staff*, not only to - tha theatrical
agencies Involved, but to tha novelist him
self and his publishers. "Ben-Hur"
Is a striking Instance of the play further
ing the sales of a book which Is still,
however, la the class of best-selling
books. And the Harpers say that tha
•ales of "Lady Rose's Daughter" are yet
on the increase by reason of the- drama
tization now being acted with Fay Davis
as "Julie- Le Breton." But there- have
been several instances where poor plays
have cast a damper upon the books from
which they were made. Perhaps, from
the standpoint of practical results, 1 Justin
Huntly McCarthy's method Is the best
to make the play first, and the novel later,
as ha formerly did In the case of 'If X
Were King," and has now dona with
•*Tha Proud Prince," in which Mr. Soth
ern la starring. The novel of tha name.
however, was not published by the Harp
ers until October 23, several weeks later
than tha play, and is Illustrated from
photographs of scenes from tha latter. If
under these conditions the play had failed,
it is safe to say that the novel would still
have had a good fighting chance for suc
cess as fiction. As is already known, tha
play Is a complete success.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
There is no doubt that a good ! drama
tization of a novel Increases the popular
ity of the book; but a bad dramatization
AMONG THE AUTHORS AND THEIR BOOKS
7—he' Who had -been, cast 'away In tfie
boat— should lead him'abput, and above
all 'that \he should: sit 'beside him when
he. pfayed cards and count, the number
of the pips, for v unaided; he could not
tell the king from, the knave.
: . It.' was natural that \ this E vanson
should do the Governor willing service,
since'the one was'the victim of the vile
Sharkey,* and the - other was his
avenger. «One could see , that it was a
•pleasure to the biff American to lend
his arm .tip t^e Invalid, and. at night
he would stand with all respect behind
his Chair iiffthe, cabin and lay his great
stub-nailed .forefinger.- upon the card
which he should play. Between them
there was little \ in the pockets either
of Captain ¦Scarrow or of Morgan, the
first mate, by the\time they sighted the
Lizard.' " -. \ , , -
: The^Governqr laughed, j - ; - - ' j i: i \:
, "You ¦ ha ve\ heard i' that, Sharkeyy^the
pirate," is' to' be,)hft f rii;ed_ this 'moping. \ I
ordered rthe "baitierles ;.toysaltite 'when
.the ra$cal*was kicking his last; so that
I ..might .k'now of " If our at sea. There's ,
an end. of Sharkey!?*.' -' / •-' . > '¦'-. '"
. ''There's! an end; of .Sharkey!" cried
the . captala, and' the crew -took .up the ¦
«ry as they gathered in little* knots
Hpdn> the^deck find stared back '-atkhe^
low.'purjile line of the ; vanishing*'lahd:' :
gjt wasia^heering omen for their start;
across thei Western' Ocean, andj the In.^
valid Governor'' found' himself "a 'popular'
man on^-board,. for-.it- was ' gehetaflyi
understood that S but^f or \ his insistence
upon ¦an|imrne(iiHte'Xtrial and ' sentence;
the ',vllla|n^ might have x played | vupori^
some mc|'e*ve'haT'Judge and so escaped/*'
At" dinner Vthat^daJy.* SIrf .Charles > grave
many anecdotes "of 'the deceased pirate";
and' so affable- was iher and ; bo* skillful
in adapting his conversation to xneh^of
lower 'delKree, 'that captain, I mate 'arid
Governor 'smoked their . long [pipes' and
drank their" claret [ as , three good" com
rades"sHoiikL"',i'*V-.- "¦"• '~< *•¦.-"¦. " ' .*' jS - 'j"r~'
-..',' And '-whatiflgure i did Sharkey cut In
the deckV' asked the captain. :
. "He is a» roan of some presence," said
the. Governor. ;'*;"";:"¦ \ , ' . '.
>.•-¦ "I had.-aiways.understood that he was
an ugly, sneering'devil," remarked' the'
¦ ma te;.-<fW*" -/ --- •:-• .*¦ '-;'•¦•; - -.- - -
the air. j.From 'far, astern " ; there/ came
the low, deep thunder of cannon; * > -•
"It is frQin^therisland!" cried the cap
tain .in rttstonlshmentJ ; - "Can';ft£be f d aig~ r
nal ;iror ifs-tuV'put- back?""; *i-v-^ i -'.>' 4"
"Ah, the raseaj J-^here was no bu'dg-,
ing him, for , he has a J snug business
among 'the merchants. But hark.V .-,'.'
He raised ..his . ring-covered ?hand 1 In
. "Yes, indeed. It is the cureed glare
of | the sun . on the . white /streets ¦ of
Basseterre which has gone far to burn
them out." , '• . ,.i - ; - '. ''.»%'
"I r had heard also~ that you had been
piagueu" by a ''quartan ague." \ v I "
"Yes; Ihayehad-a pyrexy, which has
reduced me Wffl" ,""""" ¦
""W'e had set asid4' a cabin for your
surgeon/.'. ;.* •", *•.-.-/ ,¦•-•*.:;•¦¦•.. t
>r ; "Keep\her- so if' you blow the. sails
* I fear, -Captain. Scarrow,
.that^ybu/jwlll find: a : blirjd -and broken
man ; a poor' companion, for your voy-
Vl'atn honored in enjoying- your ; Ex
cellenoy!s'«saciety," ' said the: captain.
"But I am sorry that" your eyes should
be so -afflicted." . '' . . - *.
, "I wish I could,".- said the captain,
wistfully, '"but . I am sadlybehind time
now. I should start with the evening
tide." •* .-' ¦ ¦ _ ,; ¦', : .- : : •-.:"¦
"That you can't do," 'said the agent
with decision. "The Governor is going
back with you." --. -\ . w.
• "The Governor!" .^.r, • ¦¦'<
"Yes. He*s ha'da'dlspajch from Gov
ernment to return without delay. : The
fly-boat that brouajht it', has \ gone <pn
to Virginia. So Sir Charles has been
waiting for you," as' I told, him' you .were
due before the rains." : " • < ;' '> .
"Well, well!"- cried the captain : in
some perplexity. "I'm a plain seaman
and I don't know. . much . of
and Baronets and their ways. ¦'• I don't
remember that' I ever, so much as spoke
to 'one. - But - If * It's In.vKing^ George's
service, and he asks a cast in the Morn-,
ing Star* as far as London, I'll "do what
I .can for him. There's my own cabin
he can have and welcome. As to 'the
cooking, it's lobscouse and salmaguridy
six days in the week, but he* can bring"
his ¦ own cook . aboard with' him ! If he
thinks our galley too rough for i his
taste." '-'** 'J*
"You need not trouble your mind.
Captain Scarrow," said the.agentl. "Sir
Charles Ms in weak health Just now,
only clear of a qilartan ague, and It la'
likely he will keep his cabin most of the
voyage. Dr. Larousse said that he
would have sunk had the hanging of
Sharkey not' put fresh life Into him.*
"Stand back!" cried the mate, whose
outraged sfenseof discipline was even
stronger than his interest at the news!
"I'll pay that dollar, Captain Scarrow,
with the lightest heart that ever I paid
a wager yet. How came the villain to
be taken?" , ¦ ¦ ¦. • : • . « «, ¦ - .¦
"Why, as to that, ' he became more
than his own comrades could abide,
and they took such a horror of him that
they would not have -him on the ship.
So they marooned ! him upbh the^Little
Mangles to* the south,of the Mysterlosa
Bank,- and 'there he *wa's found by a
Portobello*. trader,' who^brought him In:
There was tallc'of sending him to Jam
aica to be tried. ..but. our" good* little
Governor, *Sir» Charles Evan, '-would "> not
hear 'of it. 'He's my; meat,' said he',
.'and^I claim the cooking ;of it.' If you
can stay till to-morrow morning at 10,
you'll seethe Joint; swinging." < ; ' r- '
"They are dead men!" cried the ca>
taln. "A shout all together, boys, 'to
warn them of their danger."
V But It was too late.
\At , that very moment the dingey
shot Into the shadow of the fishing
bo»t. There were two rapid pistol
shots, a scream, and then another pistol
shot, followed by silence. The cluster
ing had disappeared. And
them, suddenly -as the. first puffs of a
land breeze came out from the Sussex
shore -tBfe boom swung out, the main
sail filled., and. the little craft crept out
with her nose to the Atlantic
"When I last saw him his Excellency
was In bed with his throat cut. When I
broke prison I learnt from my friends—
for Captain . Sharkey has those who
love him In every port— that the Gov
ernor was .starting for Europe under
a master who had never seen him. I
climbed his veranda and I paid him
the little debt that I owed him. Then
I came aboard you with such, of his
things as I had need of, and a pair of
glasses to hide these telltale eyes of
mine, and I have ruffled It as a Gov
ernor should. Now, Ned, you can get
to work upon them."
"Help! Help! Watch ahoy!" yelled
the mate: but the butt of the pirate's
pistol crashed down on his head,
and he dropped like a struck ox.
Scarrow rushed for the door, but the
sentinel clapped his hand over his
mouth, and threw his other arm around
his waist.
"No use. Master Scarrow," said
Sharkey. • "Let us sea you go down on
your knees and beg for your life."
"I'll see you " cried Scarrow,
shaking his mouth clear.
"Twist his arm round. Ned. Now
will you?"
"No; not If you twist it off."
"Put an Inch of your knife Into him."
"You may put six inches, and then I
won't.'/ *
"Sink me, but I like the spirit!" cried
Sharkey. "Put your knife in your
pocket, Ned. You've saved your skin.
Scarrow, and It's a pity so stout, a man
should not take to the only trade
where a pretty fellow can pick up a
living. You must be born for no com
mon death, Scarrow, since you have
lain at my mercy and lived to tell the
story. Tie nim up, Ned."
"To the stove, captain?"
"Tut, tut! there's a fire In the stove.
None of your rover tricks, Ned Gal
loway, unless they are called for, or
I'll let you know which of us two Is
captain and which is quartermaster.
Make him fast to the table."
' "Nay, I thought you meant to roast
him!" said the quartermaster. "You
surely do not mean to let him go?"
"If you and I were marooned on a
Bahama cay, Ned Galloway. It Is still
for me to command and for you to
obey. Sink you for a villain, do you
dare to question my orders?"
"Nay, nay. Captain Sharkey, not so
hot. sir!" said the quartermaster, and,
lifting Scarrow like a child, he laid him
on the table. With the quick dexterity
of a seaman, he tied his spreadeagled
hands and feet with a rope which waa
passed underneath, and gagged him
securely with the long cravat which
used to adorn the chin of the Governor
Of St. Kltts.
"Now, Captain Scarrow. we must
take our leave of you," said the pirate.
"If I had half a dozen of my brisk boys
at my heels I should have had your
cargo and your ship, but Roaring Ned
could not find a foremast hand with the
spirit of a mouse. I see there are some
small craft about, and we shall get one
of them. When Captain Sharkey has
a boat he can get a smack, when ha
has a smack he can get a brig, when he
has a brig he can get a bark, and when
he has a bark he'll soon have a full
rigged ship of his own — so make hasta
into London town or I may be coming
back, after all, for the Morning Star."
Captain Scarrow heard the key turn
in the lock as they left the cabin. Then
as he strained at his bonds, he heard
their footsteps pass up the companion
and along the quarter deck to where
the dingey hung in the stern. Then,
still struggling and writhing, he heard
the creak of the falls and the splash
of the boat in the water. In a mad
fury he tore, and dragged at his ropes.
until at last, with flayed wrista and
ankles, he rolled from the table, sprang
over the dead mate, kicked his way
through the closed door, and rushed
hatless on to the deck.
"Ahoy! Peterson. Armitage. Wilson!
he screamed. "Cutlasses and pistols.
Clear away, the long boat! Clear away
the gig! Sharkey. the pirate, is in yon
der dingey.* Whistle up the larboard
watch, bo'sun. and tuir.ble into the
boats all hands."
Down splashed the long boat and
down splas'aed the gig. but in an in
stant the coxswains and crews were
swarming up the falls on to the deck
once more. •
;'.'The boats are scuttled!' they cried.
"They are leaking: H*e a sieve."
i The captain gave a bitter curse. He
had been beaten and outwitted at every
point. Above was a cloudless, starlit
sky with neither wind nor the pro
mise of it. The sails flapped idly In
the moonlight. Far away lay a fishing
smack, with the men clustering over
thelr.net.
i Close to them was the little dingey,
dipping ¦ and lifting over the shining
swell. .
Captain Scarrow, "you have not play
ed out the hand, and we are not the
losers."
"Sink you for a liar." Said'the Gov
ernor. "I tell you that I have played
out the hand and that you are a loser."
He whipped off his wls and his glasses
as he spoke, and there was a high, bald
forehead and a pair of shifty blue eyes
with the red rims of a bull terrier.
"Good God!" orled the mate. "It's
Sharkey!"
The two sailors sprang: from their
seats, but the big American castaway
had put his huge back against the
cabin door and he held a pistol In each
of his hands. The passenger had also
laid a pistol upon the scattered cards
in front of him, and he burst into his
high, neighing laugh.
"Captain Sharkey is the name, ren
tlexnen," said he, "and this Is Roaring
Ned Galloway, the quartermaster of
the Happy Delivery. We made It hot.
so they marooned us; me on a dry Tor
tuga car, and him In an earless boat.
You dog»— you poor, fond, water-heart
ed dogs — we hold you at the end of our
pistols."
"You inay shoot or you may not!"
cried . Scarrow, striking his hand upon
the breast of his frieze Jacket. "If it's
my last breath, Sharkey, I tell you that
you are a bloody rogue and miscreant,
with a halter and hell fire in store for
you!"
"There's a man of spirit, and one of
my own kidney, and he's going to make
a very pretty death of It!" cried
Sharkey. "There's no one aft save the
man at the wheel, so you may kee?
your breath, for you'll need It soon.
Is the dingey astern. Ned?**
"Ay, ay, captain I"
"And the other boats souttledr* !
"I bored them all In three places."
"Then we shall have to leave you.
Captain Scarrow. You look as if you
hadn't quite got your bearings yet. la
there anything you'd like to ask me?**
"I believe you're the devil himself I**
cried the captain. "Where Is the Gov
ernor of St. Kltts?"
TEpV SUNDAY ¦ CAIiL.
(Cortyrtght by A. Conan Doyle.)
_____ ' •
WHEN the great wars of the
Spanish Succession had been
brought to an end by the
Treaty of Utrecht, the vast
number of privateers which
had been fitted out by, the contending:
parties found their occupation gone.
Some took to the more peaceful bu*.
less lucrative ways of ordinary' com
merce, others were absorbed Into the
fishing fleets and a few of the more
reckless hoisted the Jolly Rodger at the
mizzen and the bloody flag at the main,
declaring a private war upon their own ,
account against the whole human race.
With mixed crews, recruited from
every nation, they scoured the seas,
disappearing occasionally to careen in
some lonely inlet, or putting in for a
debauch at some outlying port, where
they dazzled the inhabitants by their
lavishness and horrified them by their
brutalities. It took a stout seaman in
those days to ply his calling in the Ca
ribbean Gulf.
Euch a man was Captain John Scar
row of the ship Morning Star, and yet
he breathed a long sigh of relief when
he heard the sr>lash of the falling
anchor and swung at his moorings
within a hundred yards of the guns of
the citadel of Basseterre. St. Kltts was
his final port of call, and early next
morning his bowsprit would be pointed
for old England. He had had enough
of those robber-haunted seas. Ever
eince he had left Maracalbo upon the
Main, with his full lading of EUgar and
red pepper, he had winced at every top
sail which glimmered over. the violet
edge of the tropical sea.
Captain Sharkey of the twenty-gun
pirate barque, Happy Delivery, had
passed down the coast and had littered
It with gutted vessels and with mur
dered men. Dreadful anecdotes were
current of his grim pleasantries and of
his Inflexible ferocity. From the Ba
hamas to the Main his coal black
barque, with the ambiguous name, had
been freighted with death and many
things which are worse than death. So
nervous was Captain Scarrow, with his
new full-rigged ehip and her full and
valuable lading that he struck out to
the west as far as Bird's Island to be
out of the usual track of commerce.
___. yet even In those solitary- waters
he had been unable to shake off sinister
traces of Captain Sharkey.
One morning they had raised a single
skiff adrift upon the face of the ocean.
Its only occupant was a delirious sea
™»", who * yelled hoarsely as _ they
hoisted him aboard, and showed a
dried-up tongue like a black and wrink
led fungus at the back of his mouth.
'Y£_ter and nursing soon transformed
him Into the strongest and smartest
sailor on the ship. He was from Mar
blehead. In New England,-. It seemed,
and the sole survivor of a schooner
which had been scuttled by the dread
ful Eharkey.'"' "" * ..','.¦ 7\ ' - .
Now that they lay under the guns of
Basseterre, all danger from the pirate
was. at an end and yet the thought of
him lay heavily upon the seaman's
mind as he watched the agent's boat
shooting out from the Custom house
<juay. . ~ ,
"I'll lay you a wager. Morgan,** said
he to the first ' mate, "that the agent
will speak of- Sharkey in -the first hun
dred words that 5 pass his lips."
"Well, captain,. Til. have you a silver
dollar and rchance.lt,"" said the rough
old Bristol man beside him. •
The negro . rower.s shot . the boat
s alongside and the linen-clad steersman
spring up the ladder. .
"Welcome, ,, Captain .Scarrow!"' he
cried. "Have you heard about Shar
key?" : ; . ,^v '<;/
The captain grinned at the ; t mate. •
"What deviltry has he been up to
now?" he asked. , .
"Deviltry !- You've not heard, then!
Why, we've cot ; him safe under lock
and key. here . at Basseterre. He was
tried last, Wednesday, and he is to be
hanged to-morrow morning." *
Captain and mate gave a shout of joy,
which an instant later was taken up
by the crew. Discipline was forgotten
as they scrambled up" through the break
of the poop* to hear the "news. • The New
EngrJander was in . the front of them
with a 'radiant face turned up to
heaven, for he came of the Puritan
stock.
"Sharkey to be hanged!" he cried.
*Tou don't know. Master Agent, if they
lack a hangman, do you?"
.'The voyage of the Morning Star was
a* successful J'one.vand .fin^ about three
weeks Vshe was r at'; the? mouth of the
British \ Channel. From the- first day
the;: infirm Governor * had begun', to re
coyer, his strength, r and . before - they
were; half way across the "Atlantic he
was.'save only for his eyes,- as- well 'as
any.- 1 man /upon .the ship. ' Those who
uphold the nourishing qualities of wine
might: point, to;- him in :' triumph,; 'for
never* a night f passed: that he did not
repeatithe performance of hla first one.
Andyethei would be out upon deck In
the' early, morning as fresh- and -brisk
as the best of -them, peering about jylth
his weak eyes,- and asking ..questions
about ,theVsaIls and the rigging, for; he
was ¦ anxious ;to ; leari^- the ways of . the
sea. And he made up for the deficiency
of ' eyes py_ obtaining Je aye from the
captain that the "New* England seaman
l v .,"l'h'ave drunk', with the Governor of
StV.kfttsr^vhen 1 - ho was'sick,"! said he,
-that I (Should' ever, 'jtry
ta^ketrp ' "pace "'with '-him when he Ma
well.'V::.; ; --;- ¦-- ¦-/¦-¦'••" -» .v>>a ¦"¦" • * : h : >
§j . "Alas, my" own , eyes will not permit
me to kr.ow much of .'those of others! •
But I remember now mat, the- adjutant
general said that he had such an eye a*
'you;'describe,'and added that the Jury
were so. foolish as to be Visibly discom
posed when' it was turned 1 upon them.
It is \vell f or : them that 'he T Isr dead', for
¦he wtfsTa' man who would never .forget
an •injury. 1 ' an,d if he had. laid' hands
"upon "any one,; of, them he "would Jiave
stuffed , him with 'straw and hun,7 him
for a figurehead." . i.u-'t *
• The idea seemed to amuSe^the Gover
nor, for., he broke! suddenly ¦ into a high,
neighing>laugh, t and- the rtwo- 1 - seaman
laughed:? also.' but iiotso heartily, for
they remembered, that Sharkey was not
.thtf'.test "birateTwhb sailedUhij' western
sijasi arfdt-Mhat'as grotesque a. fdte
'tniahVceme^iorbe >thelr f <J\Mnv Anothetv
bottle was broacn'edtp drffik^to a plea*
iant' voyage! , arid the -tGtjverhor,." would
drinkytist, one. other, on the top of it,
i tha^^^jf^x^eri i y^^e:j.g\^A at last. to
% stagger.r3n!^th.e" 6ne^9wHls'watch and
\he o.ther! to his bunk^Butjwhen,. after
ihjjurs' .,spell,-the .mate came
dciyi'n again;: lie* was;, amazed to see the
Governor- fn^ his v"RamilIles - wig, , v his j
:'<giis»s;i andfhis.'powdering' gown still
¦ aeitea> sedately at the lonely ; table with
his r*eel(lrig'pipe and six black-bottles
toy his. side:.*"!* % ' ';. v ."'":: '';-¦' >""'-
..."iWell, r dare.' say he -could look'/ugly
uppn occasions," said the Governor. .',/,
' -" "I' nave heard a New Bedford ; whale
rrtaij say "that he could' not forget' his
said Captain " Scarrow. "Thc:y
Weretof the lightest filmy blue, with
red-rimmed, lids. r Was, that not so.-Sir
Charles?" i\ : -lJ ' ¦ . •
"Very good. '.'.'. I shall send. his things
aboard to-ni^ht, and ; he ' \vlll ¦-' follow
'them to-morrow early if 1 can prevail
upon him' to ; leave jStl.KUts-- without
seeing Sharkey do '. the* rogue's horn
pipe." T". '* ; ': : * ; . '
..-[The first era v of dawn had hardly
begun " to deepen into 'pink when' the
Governor was ".brought alongside*? a~nd
climbed with" some difficulty up-.thejad
der. The captain had heard vthatl the
Governor was an eccentric, but he was
hardly prepared for the curious figure
who -came -limping feebly ~ down -his
quarterdeck, his steps supported by a
thick bamboo cane. He wore a Rani
illies ,wlsr, r all twisted into little tails
like a noodle's coat, andjeut,. ,so - low
across* the brow that' the large green
glasses .which covered his eyes looked
as if 'they were hung from it. A fierce
beak of a nose, very : long and very
thin, cut the air In/frpnt bf"hiin\'*?Hls
age had. caused him ' to . swathe V-'his
throat and chin with a broad/ linen
cravat, and he ~wore,«j£j loose," "damask'
powdering gown .. secjirgd by'a'cord
, round the waist. As he sadjahced ¦•he
carried his masterful nose lifgh in 'the
air, but his' head turned ¦ slowly "from
slde'to side In the helpless manner /pf
the; purblind, and he called In a high,
querulous voice for the captain. . :
"You have my things?" he asked. %
'"Yes, Sir Charles." 1 -
, ."Have you wine. aboard?" : .
V VI- have'ordered-flve cases sir."
'.i. '.'And; tobacco?" ... r .
L " "There is .a keg of Trinidad."
\ "You play a hand, at plcquet?"
I "Passably well, , sir." .
.,. "Then up.; anchor, and to sea!"
"There was 'a^fresh westerly, wind, so
by, the time trie sun -waa i fairly, through
the morning haze the ship was hull
down from the islands. ¦ The decrepit
Governor still limped the "deck," with"
' one guiding hand upon the quarter rail."
"You are on Government service now,
captain," said he. "They are counting
the. days till I come to Westminster, I
promise you. , Have- you all that she
will carry?" •' '. .'.',. ' ; "
"Every inch,' Sir Charles." ' ' ' . "
j| "The early- morning tide," then."
He v has a^ great spirit ilnj. him, though,"
and. yoiir must not ; blame "him /if,ihe. is
somewhat- shorty in- his ''speech,!" K 5 ' •' v
-VAnd--.lt was not\ longv before they
found that. all. they had heard of the
high temper . of* Sirt Charles Ewan fell
short of :the marjc\ At a sign of op
position or a, word \of argument his
£hin would ¦shpqt out^ from his cravat,
tils masterful hose,, wquld be cocked at
a higher .and mow. insolent, angle, and
his bamboo cane would whistle up over
his shoulder. ," He .cracked it once over
the* head of ,-. the ¦ carpenter when the
iman had accidentally, jostled him upon
,1 he. * deck. .Once, -too,; /wh'en there was
some grumbling and talli of. a mutiny
over the. state, of the provisions, he was
of. opinion that they, shoold not wait
lor the jdogs; to^risei;? but \ ..that they
shquld" march forward ".and., set upon
them v until theV,* v hadVtrojinced the
.aevilmetiti'.out of them.*"' "Give me a
.knJfe and'a. bucket!" be". cried with an
.path,' "and; could hardly c be \ withheld
*ffom*."set£lhg*;forth alone to deal with
'the spokesman of 'the seamen, v
Yet for all his vaporing and his viol
ence he was, so good a companioji, with
such a stream 'of strange anecdote and
reminiscence, that Scirrow. 1 and Mor
gan had never known a voyage pass so
pleasantly.' -'¦ ' ; ' •' •% i \ •
4 .And then at length came the last day,
when; - after passing 'the Island, they
had. struck land again at the. nigh
white-cliffs at Beachy Head. As evten
. ing fell the ship Jay rolling in an oily
calm, a league oft 'from- Winchelsefa,
with the long dark snout of Dungeneas
jutting out in front of her.- Next mornV
Ing they would : pick up their pilot at
the -Foreland.* and -Sir Charles might
meet the king's ministers -at West
minster before the evening. The boat
swain had the* watch and - the three
friends were • met for t a last turn of
cards in the cabin, the faithful Ameri
can still serving as- eyes to- the Gov
ernors ; There was > a. good. stake upon
the table; for , the sailors, had Jtried on
this last night« to win their losses? back
from the passenger. Suddenly he. threw
his cards down and swept all the money
into the pocket ., of. . his long- flapped
silken " waistcoat. ¦ . *- ..;¦•: s
..,- "The.-game's mine!" said he. ¦ ¦; . :
"Heh; Sir Charles, not so 'fast!" cried
CAPTAIN SHARKEY
8CT^ '¦ <l u «stlon . of . photography
I ., being an art, has been , brought
I up before the .world at large on
: ? I . several -'occasions., 7 1^ has been
discussed and debated, and I dare'
say that every; one Jn. our profession
yields-to the certainty 'that It is most
decidedly an^art. . • ¦ , • , "»' , : ; '.
Every who ,. is' a', photographer
knows thajt \here exists a large, margin
In the 'composition of , a; portrait prof,
duced by r proper : posing. Is not' 4 nec
essary to. state that,proper posing cpn-^
sists £in" doinjg; Justice., to^ you): '. subject,*
'and careful adjustment , of v . light and
shade r leads ,/ to ¦' satisfactory v< results. •
"The. art of posing , has P undergone—ac
cording, to jthe opinion* of . many— great
changes, ibut' iff is "my opinion It
has/ not;; art; is, art, " ( and, posing: is 'pps
lng. '-. A^pe.rson who is a f genuine, artist
is. always .artlstic^no Jmatterfwhoni .or,
' what i he : poses ; ; it ¦ not ¦ my. intention ;
to make remarks on how posing Is done
j or should be* done," but; merely to' com
pare the c different Sways'; some' photog-.i
raphers i think' they thave "[attained the
•perfect way -of posing/ 7^ ?y* r '
. I. am convinced "that; no photographer :
ever.- obtains ;the 4 eff ect^he expect*, \lt
ho . could produce a portrait posed. and .
lighted In harmony: with hlsjideas with-;
out calling to his assistance ; camera,
plates," etc-i .• Borne .' portraits -would , b« ''.
no doubt* very hear .'perfection, »but, as )
these subjections ;are* not;, feasible,', we
have ' to; do * the ; best we can. i- *&J& 2 . •
' Lately,** several styles ; of Vphoxogrraphs • -
have made their, appearance before the :
public, and some- , have I made" a.- hH , not k
because they are artistic, but because ;
they ; are { different-' and <-\odd.* 7* Somej
styles, appear, dim; and* hardly, .visible; v
some are made .with too •¦ strong /lights
and shadows, which 'spoil .the main Idea .
of 9 art,'^ harmony, , s but,, , nevertheless,
have, found some supporters. : These
. styles -.of photographs are classed un
der the name "fads," « which 1 never last;
styles change, fads do the same.- • Some
of - these new Ideas are based upon the
ground .-. that .photographic portraits
should not be too sharply, outlined, and
should showj the contours In a subdued
light. 1 1^fully *agree with'tlils,' as the
effects are more - pleasing - to the eye,
and .give, a certain' tone to the work,
which the.lntelligent supporters of pho
tographic pictures .will, admire. . .
'". - There a^ra several trades : of^the so
called « fajds .among the « professional
photographers. • E^-ery one thinks : his
effort the best, ¦ and finds, neoeourlly,
a certain number, of supporters to hlJ
style.' Those who cultivate fad photo
graphing seem- to; Ignore to 'a great ex
tent the details of a portrait. I. have
been shown .photographs -which -were
entirely out of proportion not possess
ing the necessary correctness of dimen
sions, comparatively. -;. to ' the * figure
standing or sitting. - --
'"¦It- would 'notr-b«' an 'effort to maks
many > more • remarks ? oa thl3 «nb Ject,
but it is a fact known to every. one who
has -the opportunity to handle portrait
photography? that- It Ms » most difficult
to obtain the result desired. '•' ' V -
Sunday Call Women and Children's Section
'2^j*l ¦*^ **r. ViV^ d v ,* ¦ flfeo iflfct *T%^^w L*z* !. T^^^*^^^(Copyright, 1903, by Albert BritU
ir— g---— grqjR. as P I N w all
|V«gK>^nB»Ajj GOLDBONDS was
f^ilfl^/Awif H zen9 oi the town; ne
filffiw/A»uS admltted lt himself. '
hSlrAVwW'H «l From hl3 youth— up
.^^^^(^slftgij or down— he had la
d583EF^ S3EEllJ :DHas bored unceasingly to
construct an air-tight reputation
and a: bank account that "would
shed water, and, so ¦ far as ' any
one. could discover, he j had ' met 1 ' with
great success. ' He was good for a large
touch ,to any deserving charity that
published the, names of its 'unselfish
benefactors in the newspapers and he
was the founder of the Goldbonds Hos
pital ! for the Prevention of Privacy to
'the Poor. In order that there might
not be any mistake about it he had his
name carved on the front In letters
that loomed " up after the '¦ manner of 1 a
Dutch man-of-^war in^a fog. Mr.Gold
ibon^sSwasl^folitronglon
i dilation v of ' labor f arid ? capital," in > other
men's businesses; when there: was a
strike in one of the plants that he was
Interested In he would talk big about
the sanctity of vested interests and the
necessity of' leaving the - conduct of
great enterprises to the i men to whom
Morgan . had intrusted it. ..
Being so public-spirited and constant
In : all good works that the newspapers
were: likely' to' hear about, it was natu
ral* that" 1 he should sooner, or 'later turn
his attention to the conduct of .the af
fairs of the clty>whlch.he favored with
his residence. When. he raised' his eyes
from the gliding, ticker-tape one day to
consider the cdndltlon v of.^the politics
of the city he was shocked at the sight
that met his gaze. • Men were actually
making moneys out '. of the city; and
men, too, who were being paid to ad
minister the affairs. of their offices for
the good of the people. .Shocking!/ Mr.
Goldbonds inquired of the, atmosphere
in his vicinity^lf he were right in his
idea that this was a free country. ' No
one could tell him positively, but a
few hazarded the oplnion'itnat it was
so considered, or had been at one time.
The farther Mr. Goldbonds looked the
more his gentle { soul was" pained. * *
•'In burning accents Mr." Goldbonds an-'
nounced his intention of redeeming the
'city.S from; the 1 clutch of evil and giving
It "* over ; to • the • care of men' who were
endowed by nature and the social regis
ter with the ability to look after other
people's business better than they could
Of course, the girl who dotes on put
tering about with a popper and pan
piled high with .corn and apples Is only
another kind ,of a temptation. She
plays the part of a spoiled child to per
fection/ and unconsciously permits one
to . see what a simple,, unsophisticated
lassie she really, is. ;. . • "' • i-r
'She'""pushes """back'" her "'chair'"" as'" a
.troublesome . conventionality and sits
down on the* floor, but she manages to
find a spot where the flames will throw
fitful shadows on her face, and then
when everything: Is arranged to -her
complete satisfaction, she devotes her
self to the bursting of the brown ker
nels Into 'the snowy flakes with all the
enthusiasm of a youngster," and v her
merry voice and gleeful manner fill the
room with good humor and high spirits.
Yet with all her pranks and childish In
nocence she never for a single -instant
permits the faintest trace of flippancy
to creep In to undo her deadly work.
. A fireplace always calls for an abund
ance of greens and this in Itself affords
Miladi Wise one of her very best op
portunities and one that she Is never
slow to seize upon. ' She comes down
fully: armed . with „ knives » and . scissors
and' demands an escort wher will swear
to protect her with the. strength. of. a
mighty, righ* ; armT| r ,Ajad then^ she ; show*
her cunning. "Before any' one could-pos
sibly volunteer, ; she v whirls ¦ about - and
laughingly, calls one chap a lazy fellow,
and • solemnly. [ declares that, it ? ts " her
REFORM- of a REFORMER
Fable for the FoolisH
wisest thing In the
world to, take a basket and sally forth
after huckleberries, and ' at . the end of
four hours put in a sheepish appear
ance and swear by all the saints that
there: wasn't, a slngfe,' solitary huckle
berry on the hill. ' . . ;
That is too coarse 'for 'anything and
nobody under the shining sun .would be
gulHble enough to believe that any one
in this age and generation 7 didn't know
the difference between, a wee berry, and
the great banks of -green that are, so
plentiful, 1 even "; if .Miladi did "open
her eyes with well assumed wonder and
protest, with growing and righteous In
dignation.. '¦•., . , . .-.¦¦". :'¦
And then it follows as a natural con
sequence that these self same , greens
must? be " arranged. "And • Just * so. ; too,
that means a step^ ladder
delightful, a heap of ordering about, for
girls fairly , revel ¦ in lording I It • over a
piece of masculinity and watching
fcUn.do.tti6 fetchaad carry; act =. _
bounden duty to take him out for Bome
much needed exercise and out, he goes,
before the onlookers are quite certain
what has happened to them. .
To- be sure, greens, that is, of the
right kind and grown . especially for
decorative purposes, are not to be
found on one's back porch, nor yet
withing : a ; stone's throw of the house.
The very: best, one can do takes at
least fifteen minutes hard olimbing, an
hour or more of resting under a shady
tree, and a few seconds quick picking.
But somehow or other the time has a
queer way of slipping by, as though a
bit of magic were employed, and when
they; do . get back . the f. merry . : waiters
have disappeared 'over the brow ¦ of . the
hill on horseback. ... So; the day is won
withv all hands dewn.* • ' f >- r :-
And that's the first Inning. Put
ting the thought in his head without
his even suspecting it is going a long
way toward success, ; for - she I knows
that the rest is but a matter of time,
for he has virtually signed away . his
freedom and Is a doomed roan.v:.\. l ;
But she doesn't stop there. When she
Is quite certain that he is comfortable,
she sets to work • to entertain him.
And this she finds so rldicuously easy,
for it Is one of the first steps In her
little act to make it her business to dis
cover what his Interests and hobbles
are, and then all Is plain sailing. One
thing leads to another and the next he
knows the thought will flit through his
brain that she is one of the brightest
girls he has ever known and he will find
himself seeking her again and again,
and of course, always in the cause of
the one absorbing topic.
It Is' so perfectly natural to grow seri
ous now and then and use a voice low
and vibrant that was made for the ex
press purpose ... of „. making . > tho blood
tingle through ¦ the ' veins ¦' of • any ¦ man
not carved out of stone. she
knows i that • the Rubtlle of j a
soft,* sweet- voice - casts a- spell that'
rivals the glow of the hearth and that
when the two are combined' the man' a
caso f is practically hopeless.
And so it is with this girl. By doing
for her guest she wins his heart and he
inwardly wonders how it was he hadn't
noticed how handy she was about the
house, and as he sinks further Into the
great chair With a contented sigh, he
vaguely dreams of a home of his own;
a hearth of his own and a wife to grace
it. .- ,-•>.-¦.:
here was the domestic wife for him,
and the rich chap settled back with a
smile as he thought how easy it would
be to bowl her father over. •
And isn't It queer .h'sfw much helping
up and helping down that la*dder is
positively necessary, and how thought
ful and kind It is for the fellow (*n the
substantial hearth to keep one hand
busy holding the lady fair so that
there might be no danger of her falling,
handing up branches with the other
one. and taking desperate chances of
having the hammer hit him squarely
on the head every minute? And in the
midst of all this, he actually finds time
to send up a perfect volley of speech
less messages and actually counts him
self the luckiest fellow in all Christen
dom.
But then he is rewarded, so what's
the difference? So far as he is con
cerned he is perfectly blissful, and. be
it said to his credit, such an idea
never entered his head, but after hav
ing gone so far, Miladi wants to come
in at the finish with flying colors and
she nonchalantly unfolds another little
scheme that she has kept carefully hid
den up her sleeve.
Nearly every man under the heavens
prides himself on being a fine cook and
openly boasts that he can make bet
ter coffee than any other fellow that
ever was born. So she tickles his
vanity and suggests that he take *»
turn at it, but at the same time 'she
t£kes precious good care to. peep Into
the larger and see that It is well filled
dainties that might prove more
tempting and more appetizing.
She does the measuring, laughing all
the while and asking his advice, and
then he is permitted the questionable
pleasure of doing all the stirring and
watching to see that the' pot doesn't
boil over. And sometimes. If she Is
overly bold, she even goes so far as
to sit back and watch the proceedings
with all the indulgence of a mother,
even going so far as to let him bring his
wonderful concoctions to a wee table
•that she has prepared under his ad
miring eyes.
There is something tremendously fas
cinating and- cozy about sitting down
to a table set for a sufficient two and
to have the face that smiles over the
coffee urn : the one that haunts your
fancy both early and late. Somehow
It seems to have the faculty. of setting
the mind to work, and making the
bachelor lorn get a- bee. In his bonnet,
the very worst kind of a way to have
a home of his own and to repeat the
same preformance three times a day. .
. And when; that bee Is' once lodged
firmly It is just about the most obstin
ate thing on earth to loose. There Is
no casting it aside or, throwing it away
for It bobs up serenely with renewed
vigor until the only ..thing that Is left to
do is to humor It to have any peace of
mind, and I then t the fireside '.. girl's
victory is complete. .
The grafters, were down and out and
civic virtue sat enthroned with its halo
adjusted at the proper angle and a
fountain pen behind Its ear to begin
work when the whistle bleuv For a few
weeks all went merry as the. bell on the
cash register of an all-night saloon.
The sun rose and then set. as usual,
and the average citizen — non-union —
did his ten hours' work for five hours'
pay and paid his taxes and dodged the
imminent deadly automobile pretty
much as before. But it happened that
in the hurry of the campaign Mr. Gold
bonds had allowed one or two men to
slip into important offices whose rec
ords he had not had time to Inspect
as carefully as he should have liked.
Now, some of these men had very pe
culiar ideas about the duties which
they owed to the city. To Mr. Gold
bonds' surprise and horror they were
actually of the opinion that a man who
paid $10,000 a year In taxes when he
owned only $25,000 was as much under
the stern eye of the law as the miser
able criminal who ran a policy shop
in the back room of a cigar store, and
sometimes made as much as {17 a
week. This was a condition of affairs
that he had not bargained for. and he
was a good Judge of bargains, too.
These bigoted Individuals had the au
dacity to suggest that the street car
company, which had for years been al
lowing the city to maintain streets
along its right of way, and had never
crammed more than twice as many
people into its cars as they were In
tended to hold, should pay back taxes
on their " franchises and take their
tracks off the city property or submit
to the degrading alternative of a law
suit. Also they announced that tho
wholesale merchants should not be al
lowed to add to their warehouse room
by utilizing the sidewalks for storage
purposes; and this. In spite of the fact
that the merchants were willing to let
the public walk on the curb, provided
they didn't tip any of the boxes over.
Mr. Goldbonds called on the Mayor
In hot haste and demanded to know
what he meant by Infringing on the lib
erties of the men who had -shed their
coats and their coin to secure his eiec
tlon. That ungrateful creature cave
him a cutting look and the chilly in
formation that the laws were made for
all alike, without regard to race, color.
or size of campaign contributions, in
vain did Mr. Goldbonda point out to
the Mayor that he was elected to carry
out the laws against gambling ana
other unincorporated enterprises, and
that it was not intended that reputable
business men and faithful church mem
bers should be made to change their
way of doing business. His areumtnt
was wasted, and he left the City Hall
wildly crying out that personal liberty
had been done to death in the house
of- its friends, and that the days of
despotism and unprofitable business
had returned. In hia humbly opinion
i the bird o£ freedom-same o d b:rd to
which reference has been made before
had received a Jolt from which it wou.d
" be long in recovering.
Nothing could be done with the ob
durate officers who sat In places «.
power, but when the next campaign
rolled round Mr. Goldbonds could r>e
distinctly discerned sitting on the
other side. of the house, und his clerks
were working overtime mallimr cam
paign contributions to the chief corrun
tlonist. The other fellows mjeht be
grafters, but he knew how to talk with
them. The result was that the reform
candidates for re-election* were buried
so deep that nothing less than a steam
dredge could find even the faintest
traces of them. If ! you ask Mr. Gold
bonds about it he will probably tell
you "that he has learned that while
> politics may make strange bedfellows,
'the man who understands hts business
can get a berth all to himself, if he has
the price. He has also learned that the
way of reform is often hard— on the re
former, if he happens to be interested
In some other business at the same
time
¦ ¦'¦» '
manage their own. u glowing terms
he described the superlative political
qualities of the man whom his party
had nominated for Mayor — a man, as
he feelingly remarked, who had not
only won all the prizes cCexed for
Greek composition while he was In col
lege, but had also given the city one
of the best Sunday .schools that it had
ever seen. • He promised, if his man
were elected, that no more would tne
shameful sight be seen of little chil
dren of tender years tolling wearily up
four 'flights of stairs three times a day
With the battered. old family growler;
grasping real estate agents should be
compelled to furnish a nice new can
with each and- every lease and a dumb
waiter should be Installed in all the
tenement houses.
In eloquent words Mr. Goldbond3 de
clared: "The! eyes of the world and
of Dr. Parkhurst are upon us and com
mon- prudence demands that we be
good." He was also of the opinion that
democratic government was on trial
and unless the city showed its ability
to rid itself of corruption In high
places It was all up with the govern
ment aforesaid. Of course, j democ
racy has been' on trial a good many
times In the. course of its life and has
usually managed to secure another
hearing on appeal or a certificate of
reasonable doubt, but Mr. Goldbonfia
was compaigning and we must not bo
too critical. If all Tnen were compelled
to stick close to- the truth In their
campaign- orations there would be
fewer speeches and much less fun for
the unregenerate.
By a strange freak of fortune it
turned out that the man for .whom our
friend Goldbonds was working was
pushed into the Mayor's chair by so
tight a squeeze that he scraped all th*
buttons off his overcoat as he went
through. But he got In and .the bird or
freedom preened his feathers and
screamed once or twice to show that h<»
was still doing business at the old
stand. Ttfr. Goldbonda modestly ad
mitted that he was the principal cause
of the victory and that if it hadn't been
for his strenuous efforts in behalf of
good - government * the poor old bird
aforesaid would have been on the mnt
•with, the grafters sitting on his wish
bone. Incidentally, he managed to slip
a trust { or . . two \ of doubtful color
through the lines "under cover of the
smoke* of the flnaf guns of . the cam
paign, safd guns having been fired by
himself.
gEWAftE of thp fireside girl. Fhe
has a th6rougb working knowl
edge of h<>r business, and while
she ?ecn~.s u all intents and pu:>
pcses as innocent as a kitten ut
play, she will bear watching, and the
closest of scrutiny at that
There is something perfectly Irresist
ible about the twiliij'-t hour, a couple
of sociable chair-*' dravyn near a blazing
fire that casts its k'udiiy glow InC-.'Kful '
shadows about the room, and JusJ the
smallest kfr. J of a crowd to enjoy it.
A crowd that feafs no criticizing *.hird
eaf, and that may frec'y indulge In the
idle whims and fariciea fo-'.ish iha^ the
little r<d file &p;'ilcfa call to mind.
This is the coziest "no ur that m;Ji can
l"ndly dream of. and it is likewise thPs
most dangerous if he did but know rt.
The comfort enters his body and he is
at rest; the talk and low nothings eiy
ler his brain and when the demons rise
in their mighty wrath and show him
the features of a pretty girl at his side,
tie says things *hxt cause him not a
little anxiety in the. hard, cold lig^t ot
Lbe morning
And the girl? Does she know the ef
fect of the firelight? Oh, trust hi.r to
i hat extent, but not -very much ts, ther,
for six of '. ne an<V half doze" of the
• ¦ther she Ims planned the whole cam
paign in h<'r mind, and is playing her
little r»art with the skill -,of a born
actress, and the man is merely Haying
into her hands, although he rarely has
the faintest inkling of it. ' _
And women act theii little part,^«ven
the best of them, and they do it ar£
naturally .is they breathe Who
doesa* know the j-jungieh-old^h wo
man with the yellow hair and t&ku&fol
Crocks? Even in her every day home ,
life she plays her part and devoutly
hopes and prays that others fail to see
< r understand. If her bell rings before
the has curled and fluffed sufficiently
she opens ihe door an Inch, braces it
with her fD.it, and then acts as though
you might be the most dangerous sort
>>f a crimir.aj about to run away with
iho house and all its contents.; But
half an hour later the same woman Is
ell graciouKnpfs and t'miles. airl she
t.rr.ply can't be nice enough.
Cut observe one little thing, q She
n»:ver sits in a strong light and the Im-^
pulse to seek out the Bhady ncK\ks is
almost an instinct. The ugly crows-%
feet about the eyes, and the te^tale'
lineg about the mouth are in shadow. '¦
wr.d 5he looks anywhere from ten to
fifteen years younger.
And the same woman at night. Gas
light is very friend'/' to the womarr who
is nnywherj from ninety in the chads
to- a hundred and ninety In the light.
and she expands accordingly, for with
her extra war paint she has gained
confidence in herself and takes chances
at being g#y and frivolous, and In frill-;
ing about in a fashion that she would
not dare try In the bread glare of. the:
honest sun. ¦.-. c. , ¦ O ' ® ' '
And the girl who plays with fire. In
a measure fhe is like a child that has
exhausted all her ov.n resources, and as
Fhe is tired of br <ng amused is ready
and eager to get into mischief: Indeed
fhe display? a readiness to do all with-"
in her power to make things decjdedly
interesting, and £2 she doesn't succeed
In keeping the ball rolling at "a. rr.erry
clip it most certainly Kn't because she
doesn't try hard enough. ?
What girl can resist the temptation
of seeing how far she can twist a chap
about her little finger? Just abiut one
in every thousand, «md you may count
upon It, that the one Is too busy to
humor her fancy, or else 6he would
have a finger in the pie. So It happens
that the lassie fair who casually re
marks, /'Drop in about candle >lsnt
ine," has a deep laid scheme oi: her
own to carry out, although to look at
her laughing, innocent, face one would
.never guess, or even dream of It.
Instead of. .ighting up brightly, and
treating Mr. M.in as a guest that Is
high and mighty, she makes her first
inning by coming twinkling down the
Ftairs candle in hand as he lays lfiide
his hat and cost, and she tells him
sweetly, "that the family are out and
that he must act as her protector until
their return."
That Is a clever bit or diplomacy, for
he straightway swells up and expands a
full Inch or so, holds his head a trifle
higher, and is thoroughly pleased with
himself and the world in general. In
fact, his own opinion of himself sud
denly roes up Just »v>out four notches.
That one trifle puts him in a splen
did, rollicking good humor, and he fol
lows her Into the ruddy glow as though
he were stepping on clouds that were
gorgeously rilver lines Instead of an
ordinary, prosaic carpe* and his leather
rhair might be a golden throne for all
he knows or cares.
This ely miss has carefully pulled the
great lounging chair within the radius
of the light, and she proceeds to gather
a few pillows, and commands the six
footer to be seated, "because, we want
to have a nice, comfy chat, you know,
and daddy thinks I'm a wonder with
cushions."
Oh, sVe'8 a wonder. There's absolute.
ly no doubt on that score. She fusses
and feathers about patting this one
here and that one there, making her-
Belf not only useful but ornamental,
and In a captivating manner that she
has down to a fine point And her art
ful speech about, "Daddy" didn't fly
wide of the mark, either. She is some
v hat like the rirl who dilly dallied with
her father and two young men and
•kept them all guessing, while she look
ed about a bit
One chap worked for a living while
Ihe other took life easy and tried to see
how much of this world's roods he
could dlsposo cf.
The father was merely a figurehead
who paid her ladyship's bills and act
ed as her meesenrer boy generally.
- 'X what am X going to do with my
self? Why not much. I'm only going
to keep house for father."
i At on « fell ewoop she set them all
thinking, and each one had decided -In
his own mind that all was serene and
.lovely. Daddy was complacent and
gfcfagflcfl* To» PP_°. r "^ thought that
THE SUNDAY CALL.
THE ETIQUETTE
OF THE
FIRESIDE GIRLBy Martha M. Williams.
MARGY'S FAIRY
PRINCE
How to give your winter hat
tbe one deft touch, that will turn
it into a piece of fashionable
headgear — All kinds of fur wili
be worn as hat trimmings — A
very pretty hat and boa in the
trousseau of Mrs. T. C. Platt —
The new belts and tie new
stocks. *
HERE are email hats on the mar-
I ket, but they are so scarce that
j It Is difficult to find them.
I In t spite of the fact that the
-^ large' hat Is hard to keep on the
head, notwithstanding the circumstance
that it catches the wind, the dust and
the wreckage of winter, and that It is
expensive to buy and worse to trim.
the large hat Is the hat of this winter.
The Inner solution can be discovered
In the statement that it is becoming
to woman, and with Xhls knowledge
nestling in her mind the woman who
wants a new hat goes out and buys a
big one. * r
And they trim big hats so temptingly
thrse days that it is no wonder that
women cannot pass them by. Who can
wist the seductions of a large black
hat, exquisitely soft, with its made
velvet brim and its tall square, soft
crown. And who c&n pass by the great
beaver-like felts, with their really mar
velous feather and ribbon trimminss?
From the edge of one light colored
hat hung a beautiful silky fringe which
fell over the hair, taking the place of
the lace of last summer. Another hat
was bordered with a little rim of lace
cut out of cloth, one of those cut-out
cloth patterns which are so much used
for applique and for trimmings.
Another hat was trimmed as to the
edge with a little niching of soft chif
fon with one of mallne underneath,
and still another had a little border of
the smallest ostrich feathers that ever
came off a baby bird.
"With. their multitudinous chances for
effective trimmings It Is not to be won
dered at that the big hat. or picture
hat. holds its romance: and that it is
dearer to the heart and fancy of woman
than the severe little toque. Yet there
are many toques to be seen also.
BT ATJGUSTA PBESCOTT.
A great many hats are trimmed with
bands of fur which are put around .the
crown In ribbon fashion. A strip of
sable three inches wide and five-eighths
of a yard long will make, a very hand
some band for a tall crowned hat. Mon
key skin and mole skin are used in the
same way and the finer grades of Per
sian lamb. The band of fur constitutes
all the trimming required for the hat,
except, perhaps, a bunch of bright, red
roses which are fastened at the side,
nestling right in the deptns of the fur.
Fur tails are used upon hats and a
little border of tails makes a pretty
edging for a hat brim. They are tacked
to the rim of the hat and they make a
very becoming border for the face.
Fur is very becoming in all Its vari
eties, and It sets off the face . beautiful
ly, for it gives that touch of winter
piquancy and softness which is so es
sential to prettiness.
And delightfully "fit" a fur hat,al
ways looks, for It is so unquestionably
seasonable and so , undoubtedly appro
priate that there Is never any question
regarding it Because It is appropriate,
as well as for many other reasons.* the
woman who can get enough fur to trim
her hat is bringing It out and using it
as a winter trimming.
One of the prettiest of the new hats
Pretty Wintry Ideas.
Mrs. Thomas C. Platt, an October
bride, has a very beautiful fur set in
her trousseau, consisting of an ex
quisite ermine stole with hat to match.
The stole is very wide and is thrown
around the neck. The ends hang down
the front, and are so wide as almost
to cover the entire front breadth of
the gown. They gradually widen to
the knees, where they are finished with
a very deep niching of chiffon.
This lovely ermine stole is trimmed
with three very narrow bands of sable,
while a handsome sable head fastens
the stole at the throat. The hat is a
wide brimmed one, bordered with er
mine.
As the new millinery runs you can
use any kind of fur upon your hat and
In almost any sort of way.
A very becoming hat with spreading
brim and low crown is trimmed as to
the crown with a piece of sealskin. The
crown is entirely covered with it. and
the piece required is a circular bit of
Fkin about twice or three times the size
of the palm of your hand. It. Is placed
smoothly over the crown and there is
no other scrap of fur upon the hat.
And queer it Is In the lingers of an
amateur. But, taken in hand by one
who is practiced in handling It, great
results can be obtained.
Everybody knows how difficult fur
Is as a millinery proposition. As the
salesgirl at the fur counter said to a
customer: "We sell these ermine bands
for trimming hats. But, really, mad
ame, you will have to take the hat to
a milliner to be trimmed. You will
rot be able to handle the fur yourself.
Fur is so queer!"
Velvet hate with their crowns irar
landed with little pink roses are given
a seasonable touch by the addition of
tiny feather tips, set between the roses
and so arranged that they fall forward
over them.
The Lady, and the Fur Hat.
Quills, wings and all the little stiff
feather ornaments that appear on
the counters every spring In wide ar
ray are seen this late fall ready for the
occupancy of the winter hat.
And so it is with the gay colors this
season; for the colors that bloom in
the spring and die In the fall have
remained popular this winter; and the
millinery departments look more like
Easter displays than like the fall and
winter openings.
Particularly is the use' of flowers no
ticeable; and you see countless hats
of felt and of velvet trimmed with a
nice little border of small pink rose
buds, which are arranged around the
crown so that they touch each other,
affording the only trimming that is
needed by the hat.
A great many economical and clever
dressers now take their last summer's
hats and remodel them for winter sim
ply by removing the roses and the silk
and replacing them upon'felt hats for
winter wear. True, the style has
chanpf-d a little and the arrangement
is slightly different, but the same trim
mings will do.
A great many handsome hats are
trimmed with bunches of pink roses,
and among these are the rough felts,
which netd no other trimming than
the roses which are. massed upon one
side in a great bank of color.
There la an undeniable fancy this
season for treating a felt hat precisely
as though it were a hat of straw. A
beautiful round soft rough felt, in a
shade of ecru, with the shag at least
half an inch long, looking like the
back of a baby grizzly bear, was
adorned with stiff quills.
Another hat, a beaver felt, with a
square crown of medium height, was
also trimmed with quills. Right at
the back the hat was turned up and
fastened with a long scarlet wing. On
top of the hat there was a little scar
let silk trimming all laid flat on the
hat. And under the wide brim there
was a w, lde scarlet wing spread out and
sewed flat.
—^jiBrrni r-n-rm
The new stocks and belts possess the
distinguishing characteristic of being
novel. They are realy and truly dif
ferent from any ever seen before, and.
marvelous ' to relate, they are less ex
pensive than you expect to find them.
•The most fashionable belts. Just at
tile . moment, are made of skin of one
kind or another. The very wide suede
belt, which is crushed down around the
figure, and which fastens ; with > a bis
leather buckle in front, is one of the
best of belts, and, as it comes in a
great variety of colors, oni can al
ways find, something to suit.
But a more spectacular belt is the
calfskin belt, with the hair left on.
A. belt fit this kind was about three
Inches wide in . the back, tapering a
little toward the. front, where it fas
tened with a little round brass, buckle.
The color was a reddish brown, a regu
lar calf color, with white places upon
it. The hair was short and if rubbed
the right way felt very silky.
A calfskin siS>ck was covered with
reddish brown hair on one side, while
the other side was covered with whit©
hair— just as the spots came upon the
calf — and this presented a curious "aD
pearance. for it looked like two stocks
viewed from different sides. This was
buckled in front under a brass buckle.
A very neat belt is the pigskin belt,
and there are all the crushable kid
belts of the year, dyed in red and green,
brown and black.
. The popular taste runs just at pres
ent toward the belt which must be
crushed down in the back, for it is
too wide to fit the waist. The front is
cut tapering. This belt is hooked
around the waist,; is fastened low in
front, and is pushed down as far as
possible, for the low front is still the
vogue. The back and sides/ take on
little natural wrinkles until a waist
is formed. It is Important to put the
belt on carefully the first time., for
the creases will remain Just as they
wer> at first.
The stocks are departing from their
simplicity, for they show the oddest of
features. Many are partly fur. and
there are stocks that are made of silk,
while a velvet strap goes over the silk
and hooks in front.
The Armenian belts and stocks are
wonderfuly conspicuous, for they con
sist of linen embroidered in many col
ors. Some of them are. as^'vivid as
gorgeous silks c«n make them, and" are
carried out with a degree of native
fidelity that is surprising. The em
broidering of a handsome belt makes
a fascinating piece of fancy work, and
A Year of Stocks and Belts.
Red is a happy selection, for it goes
so well with brown and it is so har
monious with both green and blue. It
is, in fact, the color of colors for. the
poor woman with two or three gowns,
while, as for the. rich woman, there
Is nothing in the world she cannot do
with It.
"Ufa,' that is a dipped feather.!' said
the little woman by the side of- him,
"and I am going home io dip my-feath
er/ my long white onei'jn the dye pot."
• The next hat was even more marvel
ous, for it was white with its end a
dttp indigo, while all the shades of
turquoise ran down its length. s'«adV}S
off into a turquoise green in spots. '-'It
is enough to make the ostrich turn
green with envy." said the man.
"If he only wou.d," murmured the
woman,' "for it is to be a half-creen
season this year."
And a half green season it is, with
a little of the green's popularity lost
in favor of red, which Is so extremely
popular. Ked in all its phases is fash
ionable, from the red which makes ihe
poppy to lhe red of the watermelon,
and back, again to the red of the rose
and the red of the claret. The red of
the coral is another one of the fash
ionable shades of red. And then there
is automobile red, which is the most
popular . of all, you will say. for so
many street dresses are built of it, doz
ens and dozens of them, all in the deep
shade of automobile red, trimmed with
brass buttons and .with black braid.
How surortsed a South African 05
trich wouiu be could he Sbehuid his
feathers, these days as they are seen in
the millinery establishments.
"Surely no ostrich ever wore thut
feather," said a man, pausing before
a black velvet hat trimmed with a sin
gle plume nearly a yard long. The color
was a'finowyVw hite with the end shad
ing from a pale yellow into a deep or
ange.
The Ostrich Feathers Industry.
The long, trailing tails, whether bird
of paradise tahs or .not, are much the
etyie and the most beautiful tnes ctnne
in orange color and black, ju%t the
thing to b* sewed to the cro\vn of a
black beaver hat. 0 - + r\
CJZ?' — <; - A E? I'm going to
I^S^^P^S be will-o'-the-wisp."
'vC'l^VYriwSi Margery said airily
•"^/sct'/WvJ ~ to the horror ct
every soul but one
'" Jc^W^Bfi^ 1 in her TOo;hers slt "
Jig^ixfiSa!] ting^room. Elwood's
J&sg&Bzxzfesai social leaders wWe
gathered there,, deep In discussion of
the fancy dress i'awn party to be given
at St. Chrysostom's for the benefit of
the. church guild. Since the rectcky ad
joined the church proper, there was
quite a stretch of turf and shrubbery
available. Therefore, Mrs. Lawson,
head of tfee broad faction in St. Chry
sostom's, nad been for(3)aving daylight,
with tennis and archery — of course for
prizes." But Miss Gerard, the leading
spirit among the high church folk, had
outgeneraled Mrs. Lawson and won
over the powers that were to her pet
scheme of lighted greenery, booths,
flower and fortune telling.
"H'm? What will .you dor* Mrs.
Lawson asked severely. "It has been
rry impression all along that the — er—
costumes should be subservient to the
—well, the general eftect."
Margery laughed happily. "Tou are.
quite right." she said. "Never fear, but
I shall be busy enough. It will be my
province to lure in unwary travelers,
and lead. them on to financial destruc
tion."
"Margery, how can you?" Mrs.
Chase's eyes rested on^er daughter full
of severe reproof. Mrs. Lawson sniffed
hard, but Miss Gerard came gallantly
to the rescue, saying: "Tou must have
been born for the part, Margery. I
don't know anybody— at least any mas
culine body — who could possibly refuse
to follow, If, you wanted to lead him—
and we all know it's the men and their
money we are after."
"Disgusting!" Mrs. Lawson said aside
to her echo, Miss Clare, under cover of
the general laughter. Margery flung a
kiss at Miss Gerard, saying sweetly:
"Thanky, ma'am! Tou have no need to
dress up. You've been everybody's
fairy godmother so long, you can't pos
slbly be anything else."
"Come home with me! Ned must de
sign your costume. I want him to begin
right away," Miss Gerard said, rising
to go. Everybody else stared. Ned was
her artist nephew, rich withal She
could not possibly be willing to match
him with an Elwood girl, yet here she
was giving Margery Chase, the great
est flirt In town, almost Impossible op
portunity. Ned had come to Flrstanes,
the Gerard homestead, only two days
before. As yet Elwood folk had hardly
more than seen him — in the family pew
Sunday morning and later driving with
his aunt. Some mysterious excursion
had taken him away early Monday
morning. It must be he would be back
before nightfall. Was Miss Gerard thus
bent upon flinging Margery at his head?
That was a puzzle so absorbing noth
ing else was talked of all the way home.
Margery was neither rich nor of distin
guished family— even as to her beauty
there were more than two opinions.
« Adverse opinions wavered when at
last the lawn party came to pass. A
slender, floating, misty shape, in trail
ing vapory white, bearing a slender
black wand whose tip gave out inter
mittent flashes, nobody could deny her
charm. Now and again the flashes
came from the silver crescent above her
forehead. They were rose red or spec
tral, bluish or greeny- yellow, according
to her humor. Whatever the color, they
drew mightily. There was not a man
on the ground but followed them Joy
ously and lamblike to slaughter in the
booths.
Still it was not surprising. In day
light, and everyday clothes, Margery
had before-time captivated every mar
riageable man in town. The rector,
even, had not escaped. What wonder
that Miss Gerard was almost her only
stanch woman . friend?
Miss Gerard was radiant over the
party's success. "You're my lucky an
gel," she .said, patting Margery's cheek.
(Copyright, 1903, by T. C. McClure.)
Margery knelt beside the prostrate
figure, dabbling its face with water and
crying softly. So Ned saw her when he
came back to consciousness. He tried
to rise, but .she made him 11s stni until
the doctor came. He was not very re
bellious. Scales had fallen from his
eyes. As he lay staring Into the dark
ness, listening to the subdued stir and
bustle round about him. he saw how
near he had come to shipwreck In his
worship of an unscrupulous woman.
If he had been a hero of romance, he
would have made It up with sweet Mar
gery then and there. Belnir o manly
mortal. dpenly abashed by the crowding
sertse of his own folly, he did not sneaic
until three years later, when by hard
work he had proved hlmse'f a man
amons men. Of course she said yes—
Was he not her fairy prince? And
whether or not they will live happy ever
after, this much is certain, the world
outside will hear no news of disagree
ments
The last words were shrieksd out. At
the sound of them Ned hurried toward
the group, flushing with shame, yet his
mouth setting hard in the obstinate
Gerard line. He took hold of the wo
man, and made to lead her away, say
ing almost roughly, M So this is how you
keep your word! Tou promised ma on
honor to stay at the inn. Get back
there! At once, do you hear? Other
wise — you will not see me again."
"If you come with me," the woman
said defiantly, wrenching herself from
his hold, and folding her arms, her
large eyes fast upon him in a hypnotic
stare. Miss Gerard stepped between
them, her face very white. "Get this—
creature — away — anyhow— Edward,'*,
she said very low, the words coming
hard; "let us have no blatant scandal—
for the sake of— the Gerard came."
"Come." Ned said imperatively, not
even holding out a hand to the woman.
She made one step after him, then
sprang furiously at Margery, who stood
apart with averted eyes, clutched the
lantern at her waist, tore it loose,
swung It high above her head and
brought it crashing down with all her
force, aiming to strike with It Mar
gery's crescent-crowned forehead. Ned
was too quick for her. With s wheeling
swoop he interposed his own person,
and caught the blow fairly between the
eyes. It sent him down like a log.
breathless, senseless, inert. After one
look at him the woman who had struck
him ran screaming away. People rushed
in from every hand, but M!ss Gerard
waved them back. "Fetch the doctor
quickly! There has been— an accident,"
she said. "Not serious. I think. The —
the strange lady who saw it is— easily
frightened."
"I suit that place better," a voice
harsh and hoarse with anger said be
hind them. The shrubbery parted vio
lently, letting through an overblown
blonde in gorgeous Greek costume, who
ran on as ahe shouldered between the
other two. "I know all about your plot
—also that Flrstanes is entailed. Ned
Gerard will marry me— nobody else!
Marry me Just as soon as my beast of
a husband dies— and he cannot poeslbly
last another year. Try as you may.
madam, your will o* the wisp ¦*^n not
lead him away from me."
as they fame together for a moment
Just as the lamps began to dim and the
lanterns to sputter out "The affair is
a gorgeous success — thanks to you.
And I have been so nervous over it.
Thank heaven that woman kept away."
"What woman?" Margery asked un
der her breath. Miss Gerard answered
in the same key: "The Rlckman woman
— a semi-adventuress, separated from
her husband, but not divorced. Ned
came down here because he wu be
witched with her — and knew aha was
staying at Belmore. Tou know that is
Just six miles off. Tou have charmed
my boy into f orgetting her. I do believe.
If you will really do that you shall have
half my fortune."
"I'll do it for nothing,- Margery
flashed back with a laugh. Her light*
were out. She had used them 00 prodi
gally that the tiny battery cells were
exhausted. Ned had been very happy
over contriving them, and slinging
them in a silver lantern from Margery's
waist. He came toward the two women
now without seeing them — they were
sunk In a deeply embowered nook of
the shrubbery. Miss Gerard gave Mar
gery's hand a caressing pat, aaylng af
fectionately, as she nodded toward her
nephew, "He's a good fellow, Margery.
and good looking— besides you know
you'll really like being mistress of Flr
stanes — after me."
' "Please, mamma, do not bu7 that hat
for me," pleaded a little girl,, as* her
mother tried on a pretty brown felt
hat trimmed with a long scarlet bird.
"I am a member of the bird society,
you know."
The saleswoman spoke up. "These
birds," said she, "are all artificial birds.
The bills are made of bone and so are
the feet; the feathers are bird feath
ers, it is true, but the birds were not
killed to obtain them; and, as for the
body. It is all of silk, stuffed with cot
ton. The eyes" are glass eyes."
The little girl locked the scarlet
breasted bird In. the face and wavered.
"If you are quite sure it is an artificial
bird," said she, "I will wear It." .
Near by there were groups, of little
birds with tiny, heads and long, spirited
tails, and a bunch of these, enough to
make a bird orchestra, were placed
upon the crown . of a large, round, ' flat
hat, while another of the D'rds wai
sewed underneath, upon the bandeau.
Birds* breasts . are .wonderfully at
tractive and you would be surprised to
note the colors in which they can be ob
tained. A very stunning hat ; of light
blue felt was trimmed with a long light
blue birdfand there was no'other trim
mlngvupontthe hat except" this '¦ great
spreading- bird; which lay upon the top
flattened out as ' though upon the nest.
The Lady and the Bird.
At another table sat a luncheon
group; and by some strange coinci
dence—or was it done on purpose— all
the guests wore felt hats trimmed with
flowers. They were roses and.bunches
of autumn leaves, tiny button Woses and
bunches of white flowers, while one hat
was decorated with those brilliant^ red
satiny poppies of California.
And how they are using birds this
season. Away with the bird societies
and their prejudices. Birds are trim
ming everything and yet there are
thousands of birds left, for the coun
ters are filled with them. Such a^-bird
display was never seen in a previous
winter.
The first one, the wife of a well
known millionaire, wore a round Eng
lish turban made of chinchilla, the en
tire hat being covered with the fur.i
crown, sides and all. . The foundation
might have been wire with fur covering
it, for the hat was- light. £
Another hat was very prettily
trimmed with little headsCind tails: a
third was faced and banded wjth very
narrow straplpr.ps of sable; nhd there
was a hat that had a sealskin crown.
But the prettiest fur hat of all was an
English walking hat in black felt dash
ingly trimmed with a chinchilla . hoa
with ends hanging down In the backr r
The round fur hats are popular, as
was shown by aNittle group of them at
one of the swellest restaurants in Goth
am the other day. The time, was noon,
the occasion a little informal luncheon
party; the guests numbered five— a la
dies' luncheon must have an odd num
ber to be very up to date-^-and all the
guests were hatted in fur hats or in
hats trimmed with fur. '
A Ladies' Luncheon Party.
was trimmed'~with.b$ band of long,
black, imitation. 8aT?le which was laid
flat upon the brim of the hat,*' with the
border Just- projecting over the edge.
The crown of the hat, in this case, was
of sJik.\ and" the whole made a rather
elaborate piece of winter millinery.
And a great many of the hjis are
elaborate and difficult for the home mil
liner to handle, though extremely pret
ty and satisfactory when completed.
Particularly was a brown hat in a
November trousseau a thing oi beauty,
for its tall crown was trimmed with a
very wide band of shaded red and pink
ribbon, which was knotted at the back,
leaving streamers' that hun.? to the
waist. This was one of the faw stream
er hats of the season. At the front of
the hat was a bunch of brown feathers,
while the brim of the hat was bound
with a very wide band of brown silk.
the woman with time on her hands
and skill In her finger tips can eet
busy on this very useful piece of In
dustry.
Old-fashioned canvas la used asa!.i
for belts, and wonderful patterns are
worked In the canvas with the outside
—filling In the pattern — done In brizht
silks or In beads. The bead belts have
by no means gone out. and the new
ones are prettier than the old. Par
ticularly good are the Apache belts.
which are made in the most intricate
designs.
There are a few sealskin belts to
match the sealskin cloaks, but this
makes the waist too bulky for beauty.
The lesson, however. Is obvious. Each
hat must have Its belt: and the belt,
no matter what may be Its material,
must match the hat In color or In de
sign.
THE SUNDAY CAM*
HATS FOR THE
HOLIDAY
SEASON
11through the streets of Dublin dressed In a cutaway coat and wearing a
Derby hat. He mounted flights of stairs in old tenement house3 and talked
with the poor roomers about their condition, and sometimes Trve them
financial assistance. That sterling Irish patriot. Archbishop Walsh of Dub
lin, did not stand aloof when his Majesty held receptions. Mayn^oth Col
lege, one of the greatest Institutions for the education of ecclesiastics In the
world, was visited by King Edward, who. responding to -an addr«v«s, upoke
very kindly of Pope Leo XIII, then in his last illness. The Catholics of Ire
land could not forget that King Edward, a few weeks previous, paid a
visit to the Vatican and had a long audience with the Pope in spite of the re
monstrances of many of his ultra-Protestant subjects In the United King
dom. When, as Prince of Wales, he visited Canada In 1S60 he rtfused tr»
pass under triumphal arches erected in Kingston and Toronto unless '?ortiln
Insignia placed there by Orangemen were removed. He would not to!erate
then, as he would riot to-day, any display likely to cause religious «r political
offense or disturbance.
King Edward and his Queen traveled through the congested districts In
the west of Ireland on their automobile in order to see for themselves some
of the evil effects of landlord rule. On several occasions. In reply in ad
dresses, he referred to the great benefits likely to b? derived from the Wynd
ham land act, which he had strongly favored. He also spoke of th? neces
sity of aiding and developing Irish fisheries, which would give remunerative
employment to thousands. , Scotland had received Urge Government subsi
dies in aid of her fisheries, while Ireland had been neglected. He al?o com
mended the efforts now being made to promote the social and economl? con
ditions of the country through Sir Horace Plunftett ar.d his <ol*bor?rs.
Where King Edward's work In behalf of Ireland will be prwticu'^riy f«»'t 19
his influence with men of wealth, so that what Ireland nnw mw ne?d*—
capital— will be" forthcoming for the promotion nf her industries. O:v» of these
men. Hon. W. J. Pirrie, h»ad of the Belfast firm of Harland & Wo'ff (one
of the greatest shipbuilding concerns of the world), is now in th • thick of
developing a new Irish transport scheme. Lord Iveagh. head of the Guin
ness porter firm, has put £500,000 Into the scheme.' Addressing a public
meeting last month, Pirrie said: "Ireland is ripe for commerce. <¦>:> ripe that
I should be very sorry to advise one of her young men to try h!s chances
abroad while such glorious prospects remain at hla doorstep." If King Ed
ward will find a few more Plrries and Guinnesses his visit to Ireland will
be productive of results which will bring prosperity and peace to a country
which has suffered so much In the- long dreary past. J. J. TCBIN.
Remarkable
i
Development
His Jlajes-
Visit to the
Emerald Isle.
New Light
Upon the
New Policy
of Greater
Unity for
Great
Britain.
By J. J.
Tobin.
What captured the masses was his democratic ways. We usually pic
ture royalty as surrounded by all the pomp and display which go to inspire
awe and dazzle the multitude. King Edward not only dispensed with the
military, but absolutely refused even police or detective escort. He walked
Irishmen as the most popular monarch that ever wore the crown of Great
Britain and Ireland. The proof of this is the enthusiastic reception he
met with in *tll the four provinces of Ireland during his late extended visit.
A few days prior to his departure from the leader of the Irish
Parliamentary party, John Redmond, issued a "pronunclamento" advising
municipal, and civic bodies generally, not to present loyal addresses to the.
King, but to receive him respectfully. Outside of the Dublin City Coun
cil this injunction had but little if any effect. Bishop, priest and layman
vied with one another in doing honor to the monarch whom they believed
bad always beer> In symp-^hy with those lines of policy tending to pro
mo'e a. m-re fri?ndly feeing let vce v England and Ireland.
Many Liberal statesman, like Lords Rosebery and Aberdeen, supporters
of home rule have been among the inner circle of the King's personal
friends. Of course, he has carefully abstained, as in duty bound; from tak
ing sides on party question.*, but Irish leaders have had reason to know he
was friendly to their cause. King Edward has, many qualities which endear
him to the sport-loving Irishman. lie ls'a good sportsman, a patron of the
turf, likes to play cards and is what is called a free-liver. In some respects
he resembles his rollicking ancestor,. Charles II. 'When Prince of Wales, be
.fore the heyday in his blood got to be "tame andwait upon the judgment,"
he gave considerable trouble, to her gracious Majesty and her God-fearing
Ministers. Queen Victoria, during her long reign, always manifested great
partiality for Scotland and everything Scottish. Her favorite residence
was at Balmoral, her ;favor!te servant , the Scotchman, John Brown.; Her
daughter and granddaughter married Scotch nobles and she was best pleased
tn see her children and grandchildren dressed up In the Highland styles -so
dear to the heart of a Scot. Poor Ireland, on the contrary, was always made
to feel that she was the Cinderella' when compared with her sisters on the
other side of St. Georges' Channel. Although Ireland Is famed for the beauty
of Its scenery, there is no royal residence there fpr King or Prince. Dublin
Castle is the official headquarters for the: King's representative, the Lord
Lieutenant, but an Irish Nationalist hates the very name in about the same
degree that a Frenchman does thsBastile. During King Edward's tour, in
Ireland the Catholic hierarchy and clergy were received by him: with'spe
cial cordiality. ¦ . - ' .-.;¦.-;-¦ '•S#£#£3§£@5»'s<BS
fi==?U — r-5^3 ROM tne year 1172 - whcn Henry II of England assumed
L <3RSJ?!SSJtJ| sovereignty over Ireland, down to the present year o'
I i -H 'FvKSv J Brace « 1903 « not half a dozen Kings, wearing the crown of"
I ;^(^L^<5k><i Great Britain and Ireland, have visited the latter coun-
I -»SC[^iv5j^9 try - Oi th e three kingdoms. England, Scotland and Ire
r;»v|fc[«*r52S*jXa * ana . the laet Is second in area, and, up t<:>the last cen-
I ' *£$3A3JcvU| BUS » ln Population. '/f
l&zSsxzess&mZjl it is remarkable that the lord of an estate would
leave ore-fourth of it without taking the trouble of giving even a passing
look at its condition and prospects. Crossing St. Georges^ Channel. . from
Ilolyhead to Kingstown, is a Journey only of a few hours, and yet no
liiitlsh monarch for all these centuries ever set foot on Irish soil except
on "strictly business" when he came to' "let loose the dogs of war," like
JCing William, or appeal for aid. like King James, when fighting for his
crown. The first visit of ceremony, or making a friendly call. r was when
Oeoi-gc IV. in 1S21, passed rather an agreeable time, feasting. Wining and
dining in Dublin. lie was especially, pleased with Irish whisky, which
was drunk in bumpers to the health of his Majesty, so that when he
quitted the soil of Ireland, after a stay of a few days, there could be seen
t.ars of emotion in his eyes. It may be the "oi.e bumper at parting" was
'p* 11^ strong end affected his lachrynal gland. It is not recorded that
th,s Kir.g. whom Thackeray has immortalized as a "simulacrum," a "royal
rummy ever said or did anything in behalf of Ireland. No wonder that
Lora Byron, in his poem called the "Avatar," lashed with whips of
p< orn and contempt the crouching and crawling of the "loyal" sycophants
of that period. Borne of them, eorrv to say, well-known patriots. Far dif
ftrrr.t ni the advent of his grandnephew. King Edward VII. He needed
r.o introduction to the Irish oeoDlerfor they had known him lone and
favorably as Prince of Wales. It was m Ireland, on the Curragh of Kil
«U«. that he received his first training ln military matters. The im D res
r.on generally prevails that he is more in touch with the aspirations of
trie Irish people than was his royal mother or any of her family. Toward
th« close of her life and at the time of her last visit to Ireland. Queen
Victoria was exuberant In her exDressions of love and admiration for her
Irirh subjects, but. during her long reign, her favorite Ministers were men
•nbo could find no better remedy than coercion for the ills of Irelnd King
Toward, when Prince of Wales, was • very friendly to men of democratic
Idta*. many of whom were Irishmen who advocated home rule for Ireland'
It is not eurprising then that King; Edward VII is looked upon by most
WMY 51ING EDWARD VII .is SUDDENLY BECOME SO IMMENSELY POPULAR IN IRELAND
§ By WUHam
J. Shearer,
%. Mir, Ph. D.
The natural ehild will be active continually. This is absolutely neces
sary for the health of every child. It can scarcely be suppressed. No won-
It Is quite natural for a child to be very thoughtless and just as forget
ful. Even parents have sometimes b?e.n krown to forget. What can he ex
pected of children? There is something radically wrong when a child of ten
cer years is as thoughtful as or.e much older. Thanks to an all-wise Provi
dence, no one has yet discovered an approved method of putting an old head
on young shoulders.
producing^ substances. It U as natural for the healthy child to be hungry
between meals as it Is for the parent to desire food after having omitted one
or two meals. While much hurm may be done by v^rmittlng chl'drrn to eat
candy and sweetmeats between meals, it is probably^w ell that children, who
have* been playing haul, ehouid have. some nutritious food at o'.her than
meal tirres, provided they do not eat anything an hour before the m-xt reg
ular meal. Asthe child grows older there will be less reason f<;r permitting
eating between meals. . ......
+A Jf CRT parents are anxious that their children should be 2s nearly per-
I \/ I * ect RF D0Psible - Yet hmv seldom do they stop to, consider what a
I V I child should be. If they would do this very few would discover
V T I pood reasons for finding fault as frequently as= they do. The trou-
X b^e is most parents wish their children to ba perfect adults, rath
er thar. typical children. It is impossible that thev should } be. Neither
If it best. Nay, more, it would be very sad if such was the case. It would
be time to call in a specialist for th> purpose of trying to correct th« un
r.att:ral cordition. •
A healthy child will be noiry. From the time of its birth, when it cries
cut asrainst discomfort, until it passes the age of childhood it is most nat
ural that it should make a noise. But for this it could not properly de-€
velop physically. Therefore let parents think twice before exclaiming
"Stop that noise! Will you ever keep quiet? You will drive me crazy with
Jour racket?"
Thj? time may come when the parents would give all they possess to
hear the little one at its boisterous play. ,
As the child loves to cling to its mother's breast, so it is quite natural for
the child to love to live near to the bosom of mother earth. Doing go is ant
to make it healthy and strong. A number of writers have explained why
this is the case. Have you ever known a child to keep clean? If so have
you followed the child's history? If you have it is probable that your heart
hefi bled for the child and for the parents in later years. The writer well
remembers a boy who was held up by the mother of his children as a model
f.f cleanliness. At that time he expressed his belief that there was Fomethin"
the matter with the child. A year or two later the trouble made itself mani
i>rt. A very delicate operation was performed on the child. When he re
gained consciousness and noted the blood his first question was. "Did anv
of that blood get on my clothes?" Later developments proved that the
trouble with the child was even too deep to be reached by a surgeon's knife
What parent would have his child exchange places with such as the one Just
rocr.ticned?
If the child's digestion Js good the active child will want to eat each day
b*twren meals. There will be freouent calls for a piece of sugar-bread cake
or something else to satisfy the craving caused by the demand for energy-
der that the tired, nervous mother crjes out for some cessation of the con
t'nual running around. But let her strive to stand it. in the certain knowl
edge that it is necessary for the building up cf strong bodies with which to
fight life's battU-s for himself, and. If need b*». for the tired parents as well.
The mainspring of action in every healthy child is so strong that It is almost
irr.pcf.sible to comply with th~ request to 'sit still."
A time and place should be provided when boys and girls can let their
animal sririta How unchecked. Except at recess, they have but little free
dom at RChviol. Some teachers would even take away their recess. There Is
all the more need of such periods out of school.
A nuniber of other peculiarities may be mentioned as those belonging to
the i.hiid vho is healthy and natural. While they wiil appear in all children,
they will vaiy with the child. Most children are impatient. They generally
hav* strong Imaginations. They are affectionate. Until taught differently
tiiey ate kind to animals. They find much pleasure in small things. They
f>el keenly, for a time, disappointments. They are not naturally fearful,
though quite early they may be taught to be afraid of many things.
The activity of a child is nothing more than the reappearance of forces
produced by the food he has eaten. If you want a child to sit still you
should feed the child Ies3. It is possible to stop him entirely by starving
him. Thi3 may seem a senseless suggestion, but it is more sensible than
to expect a healthy, well-fed child to remain inactive. If such a child should
be compelled to remain still for a considerable length of time it would great
ly injure the child. Criminals In solitary confinement are not fed as others
who are allowed to be more active. It has been found that If this Is not
elore the forces produced by food so disorganize their vital organs that
insanity and death result. Should we rot give the Innocent child as much
consideration as is given to the convicted felon?
From what has been said it will be seen that we are generally mistaken
in thinking that children are active merely for the purpose of accomplishing
something. The child's activity Is generally necessary for the expenditure
of the forces which have been stored up. The child loves to play ball, not
bo much because he likes the play, but because he enjoys the action required
to play it. For this reason a child will often prefer to take the longest road
home. \Yet how often they are criticised by those of us who are ignorant of
the reasons for such actions. , •
TOE NATURAL CHILD
"J—y'-- rr — ' - - «j! *"WISH that I might raise my voice and train my pen that
[V/^^^^v^n * l misht shower an avalanche of pleadings for this great
'Mft/^K^'T'ir n<cd '» lfte public school system.
i&% $&&'*Ji.yi Philanthropists endow institutions for the cultivation
" f tlliSt the Progress of that, and the diffusion of all sorts
1 His, "****' •'•?*¦« cf xvejrd sctiemes of charity, but when it comes to needs
Tj*j2^^l'^ll that bc S et refinement and add so much to the pleasures
of lite, they seem to regard such training as superfluous.
T^oralists, Imbued with but one idea, labor in the slums to reform those
Tvho do not want to be reformed and wouldn't reform, unless they were too
hungry ar.d God-forsaken to do anything else, and forget the refining influence
thut elevates the very lowliest.
Physical cullurists ravi and rant of physical development, and deluge
Journalistic columns with formulas: "How to get fat." "How to get thin."
"How to sandpaper wrinkles," and a lot of rot and fads that are suicidal to
frooJ looks, unless manipulated by one so c'xpert that the price is far away
and beyond the size of the wrinkle.
Hygiene is fairly slobbered over, and mothers made to feel that It takes
a whole hospital staff to bring up One scrawling, bawling, "crawling mite
cf h vanity, that would be a preciojs sight better off if It were not
brought up at all, but J-ust allowed to grow; for it is a melancholy fact that
Um children even of millionaires are a pitiably sorry crop when compared
with the healthy little beggars that feast on Httle mud pies and have to
raise themselves, irrespective of hygiene and sterilized appetites.
4 It takes a rich man's stomach to cater to dyspepsia. The poor man's
diaphragm is not bo well educated, Consequently not so fastidious and is
better off in the end. .
to the homes of wealth may be often seen miserable little nervous dys
pepiic wr< rks. but who ever heard of a laborer's offspring having anything
eo aristocratic and expensive?
The public schools are filled with these sprouting sprigs of humanity,
venose only stock In trade Is a good healthy appetite wjth a stomach ih.u
Is grateful for the wholesome treatment it receives, and it is to these chil
dren that Iessor.3 In politeness and refinement should be considered a moral
obligation.
Politeness and refinement exercis e a far more Dc-ient influence over
character than one is prone to believe, and its cultivation *homd be a mat
ter of rfide v.ith the teacher.
There is a large SDice of temerity in my advocacy of this branch in the
public schools, as I have a very distinct recollection of a series of indignant
protests in the form of letters from an, assortment- of teachers scattered
throughout the land, many of whom answer with' no little asperity. Have
rot the teachers duties enough? Is not the life hard enough? Yes. I admit
that it may be. but they forget. In this clamor, that every ',voman who h.i3
to earn her living has more or less a precious hard time of it, with fewer
roses than thorns and a larger installment of sorrow than of gladness; but
though admitting this, I am of the opinion that a woman's life is very much
more pleasant and that the rough edges are wonderfully smoother when
the environment is made more pleasant by withdrawing som^, of the
thorns. • ©
New, to the refined woman, one who has been sufficiently well cultured to
be cble to secure the appointment as teacher, it must be self-evident that
ehe would be much happier amid refined surroundings, and should they
not be so, then her influence should establish such a condition.
One-half hour each week would do wonders in effecting a transforma
tion that will more than repay any extra effort. . •
One ambitious, sensitive chilu-as.Vm ally, whoss? example wilr'accomplish
good, will make miracles. . ©
In all of the ultra-fashioned schools girls particularly are taken
through a regular course of etiquette, to fit them for de'social world, and
why not the children less fortunate who have no; ad vantages of home train
ing" •; ¦ • <-¦¦
A womin of refinement teaching a public school must often f«el re
volted at the manners cf the little people who -Tire so easily corrected whsn
nrrroached in the proper spirit, and it would seem less unnieisant to reform
these tender rprigs than to train the hardened shoots of Inter years.
A teaehe-r who meets the children confided to p her witS Si pleasant
"Good morning" fosters a habit that a child will river ontgrou*.
Th" teacher who adopts the rule of saying *»ith a smile, "Thank you,"
tv;'1 be more «-r"»<»rfuPy obeyed, and wp nil krow tb-»t we co*~«n]y more cheer
fully when apked "Will you kindly do 50 and fo," than when we nre com
manded "to do so and so."
No one is ever the loser through exf^ding courtesy, and we all 'know
how much pleasure these trifles add to life. . ©
The politeness clauses should embrace a perk* of "Jaivp." or. as the Iti?!
fane ?r.y. "conversaziones." in which various topics should l>e discussed. ®
T«k^. for inrtaneo, table manner?. Let a kn'fp^foVk. p'->t<?. cup and s»*'i
err. tabi* and teaspoon, napkin and flr.ror-ho'vl v.e r»-ov!dod arid ore of the
children be reatcd at the table in full view of the others.
The teacher could then proceed to instruct tne child In the presence of
the whole school as to the proper use of tab.e appointments. After a series of
such Iecture3, which should be repeated at ihort intervals lest they forget,
another phase could be descanted upon.
Two chSdrcn should be introduced and taught the conventional way of
extending and receiving an introduction, and then, by talking in pairs ami
meeting other pairs, the se"ries.of introductions could be invested with such
humor as would make It a pleasure to both teacher and pupil"
An amiable teacher with a well developed vein of humor would find such
classes a pleasant relaxation, but she should cultivate the tact tnat sucis
clear of both ridicule and sarcasm. A sensitive chiid, who felt Its lack of
polish, would be deeply hurt by ridicule in the presence of a whole school,
but this self same sensitive young one would be the quickest to profit by such
lessons.
In this splendid country of ours, where fortunes are made in a day and
the sons of laborers have an equal chance, through brains and, ability, of
rising to the very highest positions in the gift of the people, where the daugh
ters, through beauty of person or tha indefinable charm of grace, may wed
millionaires, the necessity of this species of training is obvious.
Many of these children know nothing of the graceful amenities of life.
which they are so anxious to learn. They are ambitious and self-reliant, as
all American children are, and yet are hampered by the total ignorance of
the merest rudiments of social ethics.
In Washington, which is supposed to be the segregation focus of the
moat brilliant men In the country, th« laclt °* polish is often deplorable, and
those having the Interests of the rising generation at. heart cannot fail to
appreciate the value of a course of "polite lessons" In the schools.
From the rules of etiquette, the »ubject of "Cleanliness" should pro
gress and be Insisted upon.
The hands and nails should be examined each day. and soon the child
would learn to take pride in being considered neat.
I confess I have more confidence in a good, old-fashioned lathering
than in the inexhaustible subject of hygiene. The latter sounds more sci
entific and grandiloquent, but a real strenuous scrubbing with plenty of
old-fashioned so«p and a large percentage of elbow grease and muscle will
fill the bill as far as young ones are concerned.
An abiding faith In this enforcement would seem to accomplish much
absolute good as lessons in the Bible, as we can certainly serve the Lord
with a much cleaner spirit when physically clean.
Mental and physical cleanliness are very closely allied and the child
who is taught to be clean mentally and physically is apt to be clean
morally.
At any rate, lessons in cleanliness will never do any harm, and per
hnps a little less science and a little more common sense might be better
understood by little people.
Home training is undoubtedly the best, but where the mother la Ignor
ant and knows nothing: nave of hard, unflagging labor and multiplied
cares she has little .time to teach the brood, even did ahe know herself, as
many .of them do not. In fact, she can better learn from them.
That children would be immensely Improved by the introduction of
such classes cannot be denied, and that the teacher also would be benefited
goes without saying. v
It might come a litt\e hard in the beginning to tone down a crowd of
young savages, but the teacher who set the example of good breeding
herself and who spoke courteously at all times would be repaid by the
influence of her own personality. There are few children who cannot be
influenced by example in this regard, and it seems a pity that ao many
bright, ambitious and attractive little ones should grow up totally ig
norant of the very principles of courtesy, or the little \ mannerisms so
graceful in a woman. * !
The children of the public schools go through an awful system of cram
ming: that is often both foolish and Useless as far as future U3e may be con
cerned, and it would seem a wise provision to substitute practical lessons on
fiollteness for some of the extraneous matters that will amount to nothing
n the long run.
Let some of the women so devoted to club life, who are always canting
about the betterment of everything under the sun that had better be let
alor.<\ do some practical good by agitating this Idea.
• If they have the time to figure in women's conclaves the tl/ne so devo
ted might be better spent in visiting various schools once or twice a week,
and instead of poking- their noses Into all the cupboards in search of water
bua-s or little specks of dust and overturning lunch baskets to see if the food
were nourishing, thus mortifying and humiliating Httle people, as Is often
done — If these ladles with hearts so full of morality and meddlesomeness
would tnke this time and do the real good that would better fit those arabi
t'ous children for a higher social environment more Kood would b? accom
p'tFhed. And there are precious few children, particularly those in the
higher grades, who have received Just enough education to enable them to
rpM'zp Its nrlvartnges, who would rot gladly welcome the chance to learn
i«t'oh little etiquette aft would give th°m confidence should chance th v
them nmid other »nd better surroundings.
L*t women who are alwaya in an agitation panic and who have the time
? o stir things up generally do a little agitation act on this score, and f>er
hans where they are now reaping anathemas the tide will turn and blessings
trill cottp in their stead.
Py p.!l means let us try to have politeness classes In the public schools.
THE SUNDAY OAIitj,
Supt. of
Schools,
Newark,
H. J.
POLITE CLASSES IN THE PUBLIC SCHOOLS
12ONE-SIDED
them our 'education' we are not
making them acquainted for th'e first
time with the virtues. These Indiana
are , by nature hospitable, generous,
faithful, and they keep the laws ( a
great deal better than many of us."
"Better than the tradeis, you think?"
"I'll tell you what one of the traders
himself told me. You know," the pro
fessor said parenthetically, with a
twinkle In his eyes, "you know they
think I am a crank down there, that
I 'side 'in' with the Indian too much,
so" I'll give you some statistics from the
mouth of a trader, whence it will
doubtless have more effect than from
mine.- .Well, this trader said once that
he had never lost a dollar. through any
dishonesty of the Indians. Not a dol
lar! And he has been there for years.
In the terrible winter a few seasons
ago he trusted the Indians with U0.000,
and it is all paid back. Some of them
died in that winter still owing for the
provisions he had furnished to them,
but their relatives paid their debts.
The only persons who have cheated
him were white men, those Illustrious
examples that the Indian Is daily ex
horted to emulate." ,
"But If they have come to so dis
trust the white men how were you" able
to know them so intimately? Why did
they • admit you to their Inner circle ?"
I asked.,: \
. He smiled. "Glass, beads and honesty
"Surprising, Isn't It, that after a few
such experiences the squaw fails to de
velop a feeling of cordial confidence to
ward the white man!
"There were two Indian boys I
knew," Professor Monson went on,
"who had gone away to school and
each learned one of the white man's
trades. They were as fine, stalwart
Indian lads as you could hope to see
when thev came back and went to
work on the reservation. They were
giving excellent satisfaction, when one
day a union. man espied them and
promptly demanded their discharge.
The proprietor happened to be one of
those men constructed without cere
bral vertebrae, so the Indians lost their
places. My sympathies were enlisted,
so I hunted up the walking delegate
and found an Irishman who had been
a naturalized citizen only about ten
years. I suggested that the Indians be
admitted to their 'brotherhood 1 if that
was all they had against them.
" 'Well.' said Pat, when I had fin
ished, 'I'd like to oblige ye: faith. I'd
like to oblige ye, but we don't want -no
"foreigners" In this union!"*
"Here, then, is a new definition of
foreigner, to wit: A man who has In
his veins the blood of people who were
Americans v/hen the first President of
the United States was still an English
man. Here were these boys educated
at the expense of the white man that
they might earn their bread and' then
denied by the white man the right to
so earn it, and reduced to a state
where they must be supported by tax
ation of the white man. Is it not
strange that the Indian mind finds it
difficult to assimilate the white man's
ideas on political economy!' .^
"What is" there then for these boys
to do but to revert to the mode of life
of their fathers? And if that is their
ultimate destiny, for what purpose
have they been educated away from
It? And, speaking of education, you
must remember that in introducing to
wrought the charm," he answered. "I
hire Indians as guides and always treat
them fair and square; "I buy all I can
of whatever they have to sell, and I
encourage them to talk. When you
listen to all the stories an old chief
may choose to tell he is flattered and
will quickly spread good reports of
your party. Then the glass beads are
a great help. I have "won my way to
the heart of many a shy little Navajo
miss with a few cents' worth of col
ored glass, and after that the way to
the parents' hearts is an easy road." .
"Some of the Indian women are really
beautiful," he went on, handing us a
picture that showed the regular fea
tures and soft, dark eyes of the "Nava-
Jo Jewess.
"Some of., them follow almost the
Semitic type, while others again clearly
show a trace of the old Castilian blood,
but best of all in my eyes are the
strong outlines of the true Indian face.
Look at this. Is It not a sweet face
and capable, too? You may be assured
that this woman Is queen within her
house, as Indeed Is every Indian .woman
within those mud walls that bound her
domain. Here everything i3 ordered
according to her will and pleasure. Out
side her lord and master may, rule, but
not here. He would not dare to touch
one article, even to gamble with, if it
be part of the household furnishing.
Bee, here Is ; an Interior view : showing
the squaw's ; loom placed- where it will
get the best light. Just back of the only
window, which is this opening in the
roof. .This is . the winter home, thi3
mud-covered dome, and a few yard a
from It Is the summer^ residence, a mere
arbor of rough-cut logs screened with
leafy branches.
: "And the country itself is of won
drous beauty.
, - "After a day's journey across a des
ert like ' this the travelers must '-, hail
with thanksgiving the firrt sigh of a
mesa, rising like a puff of blue smoke
(Copyright, 1S0S, by T. C. McClure.)
rp-*» — - —^z.~-Y WIFE? You mean a
H'v/ : » > * < "^M r «ViCi!l ho ' Jsek eeper. Unless
I learn to cook your
l\^i//si*Vv£.*S dinners and make my
•^"^^J^WnS dresses you won't
!5k/\i1a£\£*»'l marry .me. Very
tf%'l!i^1?§&?1S we;i " 8he lald hl9
1 ;g^g2ggsJ, f ring on the table. "It
(ScsCP^s^ssbs isn't so much that I
object to the work of
cooking 3Dd sewing, but that you
should make it an issue in our mar
riage."
Weston's handsome ¦ face was trou
bled.
"I love you," he safd simply; "love
just to look 'at you, be near you. hear
your voice: but there has to be more
than an emotion between folks for a
happy wedded life. Humanity is pretty
poor stuff; we never rise far above our
material wants. When a man has Just
downed a poorly cooked dinner — burned
steak, undone biscuit, soggy pie— he's
not Just In the humor to appreciate hia
wife's kisses."
. He drew her on his knee and kissed
tenderly the mutinous little mouth.
"It's for your happiness as muc h a?
mine, sweetheart. I don't want to make
a slave of you. We'll have a cirl to
help with the work, and I won't howl
over the bills for my little wife's
dresses. But I want you to know how
to do things."
"Papa is satisfied with the way I'
manage his house,'" she said stubbornly.
Weston glanced at the untidy rooms,
the slovenly servant passing the open
window. He thought of the unsavory
meals he had eaten In "this house," and
inwardly groaned.
"But, Lucie," he urged, "wouldn't you
rather laugh with me evenings than cry
on my shoulder because the cook's left
and you've burned the meat up? Or
because Madame Highflier has ruined
your new frock? My sister was raised
pretty much as you've- been, and I lived
with her a year after she was married,
so I know whereof I speak. John has
dyspepsia and looks as though he
wished heaven were his home." f
"He had no right to marry unless he
could support his wife properly," she
retorted, unreasonably.
"He earns $6000 a year," said Weston.
drily; "three times what I do." He
shrugged his shoulders and laughed.
"You see, darling, it behooves ua to
know how to manage our house and
our frocks."
"Life Is too short to drudse," said
she, unmollifled. "I want my time for
my own — to read, study, travel about."
"That's different," he answered in a
constrained, voice. "I was thinking of
Just a little home, with our own pretty
yard and garden. -I even looked for
ward. Joyfully, to working that same
garden myself; and a nice little horse
and runabout, and a few weeks' vaca
tion In summer, and one servant Just to
help— not to manage. My brother Ned
lives that way— he and Alice and the
two children. Ned don't earn as much
as I do. either. So you see — I — I
thought—" He waited a little. "Good
by, Lucie," he said softly, and put the
• discarded rlns In his pocket.
"It's my ring.*' she cried, then Jerked
her hand away as he tried to put It on
her finger.
"Keep it, Lucie: it's yours, as is my
heart and life. You can send it to me
when— you— marry the man who can
give you the things I can'L"
"I hate you!" she sobbed and rushed,
from the room. ¦>';
j Weston went slowly down the walk,
a serious look" on his strong, young face.
Perhaps he had bungled, he thought
miserably. But he was only a man.
practical and unimaginative; he could
not know that to the girlish, romantic
mind it was simply impossible to think
of love as other than thrills, kisses and
blissful hours of being together.
Lucie cried heart-brokenly. Vot a
week she stayed at home and hugged
her grief — not nearly so Joyous a pro
ceeding as hugging Tom, and talking
and laughing in their ;olly way to
gether. But on Thursday she went to
see Emma Day. Emma was a music
teacher. Then the tide turned. It
was a buxom Irish girl with pleasant
face and hearty voice. She wanted to
take music lessons. She was cook in
a foine family, ma'am; rhe h3d three
hours a day all to hersilf. so she did.
an' could she be afther larnln' to play
the p'anny at all in a year come last
Palm Sunday?
Miss Day looked commiseratingly at
the girl's big, unshapely fingers.
"It takes a long: time to learn to p!ay
the Piano well." she said kindly, "and
it would cost you about all your wages.
Frankly, I would advise against it."
The girl's face fell dismally. She
turned fo Lucie. "Is it so. ma'am?" she
asked piteously. "I cooks on your
sthrate. an' I her»ra you playin' an' I
wants to play that chune about the
Shamrock that you plays, ma'am."
She sat down with a thurnn. rs
Lucie's face, too. spoke disapproval.
"I must, ma'am," she moaned. "It's for
Ignatius. He's comin* over thin. He
love* the planny — he's to be me man—
an' he sin?rs fei-e, m^'am. There'"?
r>ot his equal in the ould country, an*
him a ti'in' to me. Shure. an' it's one
sided, it is. If I could only do sorr-»
thing to plaze him: somethin* to maks
him feel I was desarvin' his Jove."
"He'll have your love — yourself!"
cried Lucie, in strange, tense voice.
"An" shure an" he will, ma'am: a
great hulk -who can coo'< his virtuala
an* wnsh an' iron: rr.y jtirl can do th«t.
I wants to do somethin' for him. som*
thln* that'll make him feel histed m>
o\-er. ma'am. 'An' shure. an* Katie o"»<i
this for rr.e.* he'll say. It's the iwj'e
consate ct men to want their *w»»t^- r
hearts to do for thim what they're
nlver done for no one else. It wouMb?
worth all the time an* money, ma'irn,
jest to see me boy's face whin I seta
down an' plays him a chune."
Lucle's fair face was transfljrarM.
To see her Tom's face, to hear him say,
"And my Lude did this for me!"
"You shall play," sr--? cried joyoujiv.
"I'll teach you myreif. nn hour ev?^v
day. and you can teach me to cook a" 1
to keep house properly. I'm to be mar
ried, too: it's « one-sided now. but — it
won't be."
Th"n they both cried a HttTe. but dur
ing the next month life was rotate fn
LucV and Katie, thousrh they bo»h
worked harder than they had ever don?
before. Lncie had Intended to b* v«ry
dignified about her love affair. b'it
somehow Katfe learned as much ab-vit
Tcm rrd h!si perfections as did Luei»
about Ignatius *id his "darllnt way?."
Lucie was In the k*tc>ii»n. hands dee-»
in bifcuit doti?h. dlmpVd arms moving
with scientific motion. f*ce flushed and
deeply Interested— vhen in walked
Tom. ArA the look he give fcer!
In a f>»h -vrrt doughy ftandg and all
arotind h!p ner*r.
"I eot the dl vrrr all •"ys-'f yf***"
day." was wh»t sh* *•'*. **And I've
mad? two dre«s«s«. ?-:d Katie s*y» my
r^s rr? as gn«d s« her*— «>• can p!ay
exercfjses ron- — and. <%»». T om! to-mor
row I'm to hake a raK"
And tbous-h two ot><»n-m«>nth«d. wi«i»
eyed Irish cir'u stood rot *ix feet «w»v.
Tom Vi«3ed the sweet upturned ffr«
"tin whole time*, knsmark. for I count
ed thim meself," wrote Katie to Ijaa
tius.
IF you v.ar.t to know tne real In
dians you muet »ee them in their
own land, in the heart of their
own country; you must not judge
of them by the specimen you see
along the railroads; he is a rene
f-a.ee. he ha3 been cast out from re-
Ir.dian society, and he — well,
he r.atuiaJJy gravitates, to the white
i..an."
&uch is the feeling of Professor Mon-
Ecn sir.d of the institutions on whose
behjif he h<ts> been conducting recent
Investigations er.d explorations in the
peat Southwest.
:•¦ rs=!idly are the distinctive ele
ments of. their tribal communities and
< f autestrsJ manners and custom*
t. ding from the lives of tr\*Re "oldest
* rr.e: >f*a.xm." or in some cases, passing
Ido cbMvion with the extinction of the
tildes that practiced them, that scient
ists a?l over the world realize that now
«^i rever must be rnnde pome per
i.*r«ct record of thsir existence.
The Univeisity of Caiifornia has not
hr*™ backward in this work and can
point with consid?rab'e pride to the
i~«u:ts. of last years expedition made
ii.to the land of the Moguls and Nava
j' e ard of the Pueblo Indians of New
>'*:;i<-o ur.der the direction of Pro
fesVor PM'.in Mills Jones.
The principal i.bjects were to obtain
j hotogiaphs for record and to gain,
f.ist hand, a knowledge of the man
te»s *nd customs of these primitive
peoples. The university was fortunate
In securing, also, the serv.ces of Pro
fessor Monson, whose intimate knowl
edge of iht'se people, gained during ten
years' practical work in this country,
made possible the gathering of much
valuable material which might other
wise have been difficult to obtain. The
classifying of these relics has taken no
little time. It Is to be hoped that they
¦will be exhibited to the public, together
with Dr. Relbr.er's recent additions to
the Museum of Egpto'ogy. which is
promised toon. But. in the meantime,
it is very interesting to hear Professor
Monson talk upon the beautiful pic
tures he has ker>t for himself from
those taken on this and other expedi
tions.
"Thi?." said the collector, throwing
e brilliant blanket over a chair, "is a
chiefs blanket or lanalchadi. as indi
cated by the stripes: and this." hold-
Ing up a little blanket, "was made by a
squaw of whose tribe there will soon
be left not a single individual. It is so
old and soiled that a pawnbroker would
fcout at 23 cents for it. but at the
Emlthsonian Institution it will have a
very different reception."
"You think it is a dreary country?"
caid Professor Monson as we began
turning over the portfolios. "That is
because you have not seen it under the
mystic lights of sunset or dawn, or be
neath the glory of its starlight. Nor
have you seen these great candelabra
rising from the desert." he went on,
hsTidina; us a picture of a giant cac
tus, "r.or this, the most beautiful
flower that gTowr." as we came upon
a yucca In full b!oom. "And despite
the. fact that it yields him so little,
you piay be pure the Indian himself
lov»* his land."
"Yields fo little? We give him
etiouph of It." I ventured.
Pr"fe?f;r Monfnn cast upon me a
look hfclf of v.rath. half cf pity.
"Yes. we give them enough of It —
such «ii> it in; v.i!l you look at this p!c
tus«-? That is a typical landscape,
pard. look, cactus n.nA sky. The
2Ov?.«<-« !*•*"• 1«.O0O square miies. about
ore Winirxe rr.He to every man. woman
ctd « h; ; d in the nvoivation. but only
8.1 <•-.;« 0 r>«r r*nt of it Is arable. By
the «*y. »"• say -t * «- give* it to them;
f>.j:i - "I th«-*e Indiars. the Xavajos'
r.c'; l.^-ors. for irstar.ee. the Hopis. have
s iffy arr'.evt title to the 'and they
©cccpy.' We tnuft remember whose
Ur><5 :t wap before Columbus touched
Bjit> Frlva--*or and also that this par
ticrUr -e^rvation 'was. theirs by a
Fp.-.n.sh v.ts roeranted to them
In > oviro tnfl after the war confirmed
as •! e» j>36se-sion by the United
Fief*. It '.?. to ''c hoped they own
it Vy »'»> «!rrc. 'eSch RB it i". as I Mid.
>, .• ? \p vf k ¦**!!» of t'ie Navajo,
d'?j -e tr<» brc'ri;b r> ' h's acres, he
xrr . ; _..pt fo» h; : f orchards and corn
fieVfc n> jVe b*''s of dry wathep, the
Bat e ¦ Sfhos thrt fivtd hi« foie
falre s. T vie. a« soon as the floods
et-l • ¦' • ?:• ard #re plar.Ud th? corn
flel- s. • hi< h n CFt obta'n from this land
eno* h ;::ui"»ture for their entiie sup
port "
Fn.fosor Monson showed o picture
of a bluff rising sheer from such a can
yon h •:d:c-d« of feet and almost con
ceslJrg in one of the scars on its seared
old f=»ro thp ruins of an an.'knt cllff
dweUIrg. while springing out of the
sand tn ihe bottom of the va!ley grew
the food supply. Just as in th? days of
old. ro-.'.-eniently near at hand, that is
if anything could be considered "con
veniently near" that is beyond that
¦nail of rocV below the cave, seemingly
untravfersable by any creature save a
»pid«»r.
•Thi* i»« In the Canyon <Je Chellev. •
eaJd the explorer, lingering over the
pictui «nd Is one or the most inac
cessible of all these fortietses. It
baffled my first attempt to reach it. but
the following year we hau'.ed scaling
apparatus Into the canyon — no light
Job — and finally made the ascent. En
route we were very devout. 1 assure
you. Well paid for our labor? I should
think so! Pottery and bis'iet nork anij
bones galore!" The enthusiast pro
duced an ancient jar from \ cliff ruin
and accepted cur silence for awed ad
miration and no nw/i-e than the ob
ject's due.
"These two canyon?. De Ch^ley a^d
Del Muerto," he continued, 'are ver
itable treasure houses. Within th=m
alone during this last trip we invest 1 
pated forty or fifty of th?s? hAOitat'on?
of a stor.e-age people, and i^c.hidin? the
exploration I have mad? wholly on my
Ml account I must have visited many
hundreds.
"Of course these caves 'v>-p inhab
ited long before the da-.-.n if the h's
toric period In America, asres bc^fo e the
coming of the Siianiard*. And even
after the landing of the Costilian the
Indian .had little inducement to leave
his mountain fortress, but. indeed, wai
driven into wilder fastnesses. The an
cient story of a Spanish massacre oi
the wives and children of an Indian
tribe in a cave like this is p-rpetuate-J
in the name of one of the loveliest can
yors of this region, Del Muerto. or the
Canyon of the Dead. And, by tfie way,
these two canyons. De Chelley and Del
Muerto, are. to my mind, more fasci
nating even than the great Colorado —
not so grand, but more understandable:
not so vast, but more beautiful."
"One or two of these cliff structures
must have housed 200 people or fo. The
largest cf them may have contained 70
or 80 rooms, while back of the defenses,
in the solid rock, was a great common
reservoir. In such a fastness, with wa
ter and provision*, one would have be
lieved a- tribe utterly unapproachable,
but that they were molested even here
is shown by the arrow marks that scar
the face of the cliff below the fortress,
telling that from the loopholes above
flight after i'ight of arrows once were
rained upon some hostile scaling party/
while weapons excavated from about
the foot cf the cliff tell where fell many
a brave. Still, some cf these retreats
must have defied attack, for even to
day," deserted and in ruins, they baffle
all attempts to reach them."-
Professor Monson indulges in some
speculation* on the state of mind of
that ancient American who, after an
evening social in a neighboring cave
castle, where, perhaps, prehistoric
punch had been served with true Indian
hospitality, was forced to seek a front
door like this by the light of the moon.
Viewed from that point, cliff dwelling
might present disadvantages, but, on
the other hand, think of the opportuni
ties for balcony scenes between a Mon
tague and Capulet of prehistoric Ari
zona!
Hut this 13 a sad digression from the
reflections geological, anthropological,
ethnological, archaeological and pale
ontologica! which contemplation of this
repion should produce.
Professor Monson was prepared to
talk on his ethnographical photo
graphs—the whole 500 of them full
view and profile— but he had little more
than begun, had just told- how they
rf presented ten years of investigation
*n<i showed twenty-three different
tribes, some of which have since be
come practically extinct, when it seem
ed borne in upon him that we were not
of the elect who would appreciate the
discourse, and he began replacing his
treasures and finally laid them away
with a sigh. Behold the injustice of
man to the intellect feminine"
But though he gave up trying to in
culcate ethnological theories, the pro
fessor felt bound to correct any Feni
more Cooper conceptions of the red
man that we might possess, and his
tales of the Indians of to-day took the
place of the accounts of the aborigines.
"For instance, the Moqui," said he
"is as guileless as a three-year-old
child. Like the child, too, he is keen in
observation and illogical in reasoning.
The specimens of the white man he
generally sees along the railroads are
very poor specimens indeed, and he is
hard tn convince that the rest of the
vorld is not like them. I speak of
some of the traders who buy the In
dian blankets and silver work at star
vation prices— paid in aluminum coin.
Look at this blanket and think of the
labor and the skill displayed! Some
squaw had. to care for the sheep that
grew the wool, do the shearing and
carding, dye and spin the wool Into
yarn and then build her loom and plan
her design before she could start on
the weaving, which may have taken
many months. The product of all this
labor she must carry miles to the
trading station, and there some trader
will give her, perhaps, half its value
hi aluminum trading checks good only
at his particular store. With these she
buys her provisions and. as she turns
homeward, she is thinking probably
ihat the winter is not far off and she
"must make another blanket to take the
place of the one she has just sold be
fore the first snow fails.
on the horizon. From a puff of smoke
it will change to a dome, from a dome
to -a. walled and templed city as the
little band wearily crawls toward it
over the sand. These walls are more
fantastic than those weird battlements
Merlin raised for his King and, more
difficult to scale. At last some trail.
lying like a cobweb across the cliff, will
give entrance to this Camelot of na
ture's building.- Onward the traveler is
led through defiles that are surely fit
corridor? for a royal palace, their walls
colored a? with hangings of tape3try;
their floors spread with a carpet of
glittering white sand. Windows? Of
course: Here is one blown right
throush a mountain by no other archi
tect than the wind, aided by a little
sand. You see the formation of the
surrounding canyons has concentrated
the blasts on this particular point and
chiseled out an oriel."
It is harder to get away from Pro
fessor Morson'6 studio than to get into
it. When it was time to go there were
still unopened portfolios containing
some of the frultt-or trarels and Inves
tigations in the Mojave Desert ar.d
Death Valley. along the San Juan ard
Colorado, among the ruins of the Mesa
Verde and through the Red Rock coun
try, while more than he had begun to
tell us of the Moqui and Navalo ha
could relate of the Utes. Pautes. Mo-
Javes, Colorado?, Tumas, Hopis and
Papagos, with others equally Interest
ing and unspellabie. Some of the rettca
in the studio are going soon to their
final homes in Eastern and Canadian
museums and tome even to Norway
and Sweden, so we looksd oar last upun
them and turned away with a sigh.
"You have laid out so much work for
yourself in the East with your lecture
tours and your museum work you will
be away at least a year, will you not?"
"Yen, I suppose so," he said, then
added after a pause, "yet, after all. I
have a secret feeling that next summer
will find me for a time, at least, back
in the Indian country. I love it so I
doubt whether I can keep away for a
whole twelvemonth."
THR RU^STDA^ CALL.
By Maravene Kennedy.
BERKELEY PROFESSOR'S DISCOVERIES
AMONG THE CLIFF DWELLERS
13The pair of them had crimsoned the
"Mr. Juror, how dare you appear be
fore the. court in your shirt sleeves?"
said the newly appointed Judge of the
Territorial court "Have you no coat?"
"Yes, your, honor, but I thought— "
" "Never: mind what you thought this
courtroom • is not a stable. ! Where is
your coat?".
"At home, your honor— '* j
"Well, go home and get" it."
"But yoor^ honor—"
"That will do, sir; go home and get
your coat"
The Juror departed and was not seen
for a week. The Judge had his eye on
him, and, when he appeared, raid :
"Your name has been called here sev
eral times. 'sir; why have you not an
swered to it?" ,
"I went home : for/ my coat, as - you
told me to do," replied ttie Juror.V •
"Where is your home, slr?" ;
Ah Hay was as bright and as bland a
Chk^man as ever deluded a Caucasian.
He is cooking now somewhere, either
up or down stairs, in the sweet by
and by, and wherever he may officiate
they are faring well. As a caterer he
was unsurpassed. He had one pro
nounced fault. . He would occasionally
gamble away the market money, but he
always reported the loss promptly and
had it deducted from his wages.' Ah
Hay did not consort much with China
men, and when sporting he preferred
American faro to Chinese fan tan. The
markets at Prescott, Arizona, were sup
plied with early vegetables and fruits
from California, ¦ and between consign
ments were . often bare.
One summer afternoon- Ah Hay re
turned from market with the only cab
bage to be had. On his way home he
stopped at the Gem saloon, staked two
dollars he had left of the market
money at Archie McBrlde's game and
lost it "Archie" was a humorist as
well as a faro dealer, and noticing the
dejected face of the' celestial said:
"What's the matter, Hay? Why don't
you bet?" ;
"Money all gone," replied Hay.
"Well, you have vegetables. Hay,"
said Archie. "We need;fresh vegeta
bles at bur -mess. Why don't you bet
your- . cabbage ?"
Hay. without more words, . bet his
Dan Biggs hda dog, who had been
trained to catch things. The dog pos
sessed noj marketable value, . but Dan
valued him above all things. Dan had
passed. one hour in the faro room and
emerged devoid of all money, save one
twenty-dollar, piece, which he retained
for expenses. He invited the attendant
around to take a drink, and. exclaim
ing, "There, boys, goes my last scad."
tossed the . golden coin upon the bar.
It re*bounded and bn Its way to the
floor was caught— and swallowed — by
the faithful dog. "Now I am in a fix."
said Dan. "Oh, you're all right Mr.
Biggs," said Moses Worthelmer. "I'll
give you eighteen dollars for your dog."
(Copyright 1303, by Thomas Fitch.)
THE old adobe courthouse at Pres
cott, Arizona, was crowded, for
tbe trial was one of unusual in
terest The defendant who was
accused of murder, was a member of
a wealthy California family, who had
placed him in charge of a range and a
band of sheep in Arizona. Ho was a
young man of slight build and nervous
temperament who had shot and killed
his neighbor— also a sheepherder. The
deceased was a large, burly, quarrel
some man, who had often threatened
the defendant with violence, but who
was unarmed at the time of the homi
cide, although this fact was unknown
to the defendant who fired the fatal
shot under the Influence of an irrational
fear. Insanity was a difficult defense to
establish, for at the time of the trial
the defendant gave no sign of weak
mentality, and for a year or more be
fore the shooting he had lived alone in
a cabin in the mountains. Evidence
was given that the paternal grand
father and a maternal aunt cf the de
fendant had each been an inmate of an
asylum for the insane, and that there
had been three suicides in the family.
But the Insanity of th.e defendant him
self at the time of the shooting could
only be inferentlally shown, for
there was no direct medical testimony
obtainable, and non-expert witnesses
could only testify to unusual acts of
the defendant and physicians could
then be permitted to give evidence
whether such ac*.s were indications of
an unsound mind.
The case looked badly for the defend
ant ¦ when his counsel called to the
stand a white-haired man, who. testi
fied that a few weeks before the ho mi-
"What ! facts," was asked, "caused
you to consider your life in danger
from the defendant?"
"Well," said the , witness, "I had
watched my employer closely, for he
was often about the kitchen, where I
was cooking. His eyes would often di
late and contract rapidly. He com
plained of headache, loss of sleep, pain
in the head and eyeballs, flashes of
light before the eyes and. general ex-.
haustlon. He was melancholic He
would suddenly become frightened and
Jump from his seat when the kettle
boiled over. He evinced dislike and
suspicion of all about him. He was rest
less, irritable and unable to apply his
mind to the every day affairs of life.
On the day I left I had roasted a leg of
mutton for the noon dinner, and when
he started to carve It he muttered to
himself and instead of slicing the meat
he thrust or stabbed It with the knife.
"Because my employer was crazjr and
I considered my life In danger," was
the reply.
"Your honor, I object," paid the lilt>
trict Attorney, "and I mov* to strlki
out the last 'answer of the witness. He
is shown to be a cook and not a doctor,
and cannot give an opinion ¦** to the
sanity or Insanity of the defendant"
"Motion sustained," Bald :he court
"Mr. Witness, you will testify merely
as to facts and not 'as to your opin
ions."
The old man bowed quietly in reply to
the court and awaited the next ques
tion.
"Why did you lea^re?" inquired
counsel for defendant
cide he had been employed l)y defend
ant as a cook, and that ho had worked
in that capacity until the day be&>*a
the homicide, when he left and started
on foot for Prescott ¦'/¦'¦'- r V
"Have you formed or expressed an
unqualified opinion as to the guilt or In
nocence of the accused?" said the coun
sel. "I have," replied the Juror.
"Challenged for cause," said the law
yer. "Is that opinion a fixed and c>
cided one?" queried the District Attor
ney, "or would evidence change It?"
"It is fixed and decided," was the re
sponse, "ami no evidence would re
move it" "Was that opinion formed
from anything you read in the news
papers?" questioned the prosecuting
officer. "I never read anything about
It In the papers," answered the Juror.
"Was it formed from hearing a state
ment of what purported to be the facts
in the case, from any witness?" said
the District Attorney. "No. sir.." re
plied the Juror. "I never heard any
thing about the facts In the case from
anybody, and haven't the least Idea
what the facts are." "What do you
mean, then?" queried the law officer,
"by saying that you have a fixed and
decided opinion as to the merits of th«
case?" "Well, sir." answered the Ju
ror, "my brother has made up his
mind." "And have you also made up
your mind?" "No, sir," was the an
swer. "I only came Into the Territory
last week, and I don't know the first
thing about the case, but my brother
has made up his mind. You see. my
brother was summoned on this Jury,
not I, and he was busy at the ranch
and couldn't come to town, and he sent
me here to answer for him and say
that he had made up his mind. I an
swered to my brother's name and tried
to tell the court about It when I wu
first . allowed, but I was ordered to
take a seat here and present my ex
cuses when the time came. So I obeyed
and now you have my excuse.**
Three days Jhad been consumed In tit
examination of Jurors on their voir
dire, before Judge Fitzgerald, at Tuo
gon. Four venires had been landed la
the box, for the homicide was one of
wide notoriety and was clearly an Im
promptu duel— the offspring of an an
cient feud.
town of Phoenix. Another round was
ordered. The purse of him who gave
the order was empty and the barkeeper
frowned. Whereupon the gentleman
seated himself * upon the floor, pulled
off a shoe and stocking, extracted from
the latter a twenty-dollar gold piece
and settled the bilL . Thereupon the
other man, with drunken dignity, or
dered another round. "This." said he.
•,'ls on me." "But, Judge," remonstrated
the other,"your money is gone; let
me pay." "No, sir," replied the Judge
fiercely, and E Seating himself upon thq
floor he pulled oft first one shoe and
stocking and then the f otfo«r, but there
was no money in either? Thereupon the
"Judge" bursfcJnto a flood of tears and
refused to be comforted. He could not.
in his drunken condition, comprehend
why he as well as his companion could
not find gold pieces In \*9 socks.
"At the Qulatoges, seventy miles from
here, by stage."
"Was it necessary for you to make so
lengthy a journey? You could have
bought or tnrrowed a coat here lnjTuo
son, could you not?"
"I thought so," replied the Juror, "and
I asked this lawyer here if It would
not do for me to borrow a coat, and he
said that you was a tenderfoot, and a
new man, and very strict; that you had
come out her^ to reform this yahoe
bar; that you^expected 'to be obeyed,
and that after you told me to go horn*,
and get my coat if I should come In
here with -another man's coat on you
would send' me to Jail for contempt of
court, and so I, went after my own coat
down to the camp and back and travel
ing was hotter than the hinges of— I
beg youc pardon, Jedge, I came near
speaking a cuss word."
. The Judge Joined in the roar of
laughter that went up from bar and by
standers, and the Juror was excused
for the term-
prosecutor. "What doctor^ has been
cramming you?" "I have been crammed
by a good majiy doctors during the last
forty years," was the reply. "You have
been. employed, then, in an insane hos
pital at some time in you?.' life. * I pre
sume?" "I have," rejoined- V*& wit
ness. "As nurse ?" said ' the ,: lawyer.
"No, sir." v rejoined the
"Here," said the prosecutor, and taking
from fh& table a text book on Insanity
he said TsUh a sneer: r ; "Yours Is the
same name as the author of this/work.
Maybe you wrote it?'0"YeSi sir." was
the quiet reply. "I wrote it" "Why."
said the surprised lawyer, "this book
was wrHten bv, a distinguished phy
sician, .who, was for thirty years In
charge vf an Insane asylum. "I am the
physician to whom you refer." ' van
the reply. "Then," said the lawyer/
"unless you are an escaped lunatip
yourself, will you tell me what you
were doing out here In Arizona as
cook on a sheep ranch?''
With some emotion the old man told
his modest story. He had beea-itranted
a year's furlough to enable him to
make a Journey around the world. Ar
rived in San Francisco, he had been
persuaded to Invest all his available
resources in a promising mining swin
dle and went to Arizona to examine
his property. He found It absolutely
worthless. He was ashamed to write
home and tell what he had done, and
he determined to work at anything
that he could get to do until he could
earn enough money to return, and so
donning his . oldest; clothes '¦¦ he sought
and obtained a . position as' cook on a
sheep "ranch."
The jury, on the Instructions of the
court, acquitted the defendant without
leaving their seats, and the old doc
tor, after refusing all compensation ex
cept his mileage and pay as a witness,
bought a railroad, ticket with his'sav
ings and departed East to resume his
duties as physician in charge of an
Eastern asylum.
I concluded then that he was afflicted
with idopathlc mania that was likely to
take a homicidal form, and after din
ner I departed on foot for the next
ranch, intending to return with assist
ance to take him to Prescott. The next
day after I left the homicide occurred."
Everybodyo listened with the deep
est interest and the cross-examination
'bewail. "Where did you learn so much
about insane symptoms?" sneered the
.vlght you go Dloxe, maybe.**
"Here." said Archie, "her* la —rvm
dollars and •half. You ought t» go t»
New York, Hay. and join Us* 8 tec*
Exchange." •C^**
cabbage on the ••ven. The seVen
"split" on.tho turn, that I* to say, two
i««eni coiae out together, whlcUr enti
tled the dealer to one-half of the 8t?H«-
Archie t^ck out his pocket knife and
reached for the cabbage . .V;
, "No cut 'em! Nocut'eml" screamed
Hay. "I pay you for half cabbage."
"You bet your life I'll cut 'em,'* said
Archie. "One half of this cabbage will
make a ptee dish of cold slaw," and
amid laughter from all the onlookers,
except Hay, the cabbage was cut, half
of It deposited on the check rack and
the other half handed. to Hay, who was
now thoroughly enraged.
"Half cabbage no plenty for you, you
take "em all," said Hay. "I call the
turn with .'em.*p;
Now, when a . player "calls the turn"
successfully he wins four time? the
amount of his bet Hay was lucky and
was therefore entitled to two cabbages.
Archie passed back to Hay the half
cabbage on the rack and said to him:
"All right. Hay, I owe you a cabbage
and a half , r . : how much are they worth?"
• "I dunno," said Hay, sullenly, "I keep
no vegetable stand. I'm a sport, same
as you. Tou win' cabbage, you tell me
you no sell 'em. Now, I win cabbage, I
want cabbage, I no, sell 'em."
"That's right. Hay," said Archie,
pleasantly; "here, Jim" — to his assist
ant—"go out and buy two of the best
cabbages you can find, and we will set
tle with Hay."
After a few minutes Jim returned.
"Archie," said he, "that Chinaman has
cornered the market on us; there Isn't
a cabbage In Prescott and there won't
be another fast freight wagon until to
morrow."
"Well, Hay will have. to wait," said
Archie.
Up spoke Hay. amid the roars of the
bystanders. "What kind of game you
deal?" said he, "you lose on credit and
win for cash. When you win, you take;
when you lose, say you to man -who
win, "Come" around to-mollar.' Better
you pay me now.' Cabbages velly
scarce. Cabbages gone up. gone \ up
plenty, worth; five dollars ; apiece now,
In five minutes "worth ten dollars. You
like settle now, I take seven dollar hap;
in -five minutes twelve dolla hap. By
THE SUNDAY CALL*
RECOLLECTIONS AND REFLECTIONS OF
THOMAS FITCH.
14But every one is hoping that the Apples will win out.
The Apples' flag was shot away, but was soon set up again
• o
By Sergeant Jasper Jonathan, who is a hero to, all men.
- The, defenders' ammunition showed signs of giving out,
And the Apples left their trenches and retreated all about.
The worms got to the trenches and there worked out a scheme
To surprise the Apple minutemen by tunneling to the green.
Their plan worked to perfection, but it did not win the fight,
For the Apples still resisted, for they knew their cause was right/
Many a brave defender was made captive that" bright day, ' '
But many a bold intruder, too, was captured, so they say."
The fight is still progressing, with the ultimate end in doubt,
But formed again in columns when they reached the village border.
Creeping .through the weeds and grass, they advanced to fight again,
But once more the brave defenders took aim and fired at them.
o ' . " .
Again repulsed, 'twas thought by all the worms would stay away,
" fin •¦
But once more they came In columns and vowed to win the day.
CJkneral Prescott Eubset, who was cool and brave and wise, .
' ' o ©' ® ' ¦ "> .. * I
Said: "Do not ftre tintil you see the whites of allstheif eyes!"
Tb3 wiggling worms came marching on, and all seemed sure to win,
q Bulb wh'en 'theycreached the tenches there was a deafening gun-shotedin.
w o . ' •. c
Before their minds could realize the situation dire, .
General Busset commanded loud: ''Again, take aim aad fire!"
The-terror-stricken wigglers dispersed in great disorder,
'Housewives, brave and royal and Jtrue," old Pippin boldly said,
® ® » s ' .-
C - ' ' "° ® ® ®' ' ' "> -
"Hake us bullets from the dough which you've kneaded for your bread!"
Molly Pitcher 'WinesapgSaid her piace was with the men,
And ahe was named to swab a caxuaon from eight o'clock till ten. O
When the invaders reachedL, the out skirt?., they^saw no signs of life,
But the Apples were in trenches deep ea.d ready for the strife:-
Cool heads ruled, and soon there was an army— crude of course, •
With brave old General. Pippin ix> command upon a horse,
¦' ' . * '• ® ' : f
Scouts were fastened to tb!e hills, and some with powerful glasses ....'.•
* /¦' • v '.'- •¦ ¦ ¦ o '..-
Were stationed in the, tallest trees ? t(» watch the coming masses. ',
Fxom a distant,hill there came in tkae a signal that was wig-wagged,
¦ y-' : ' . ® .¦ ' ¦ ' ¦ : -.
Which said the worms were marching in columns that were zig-zagged.
But one morning bright and cheerful, when all was peace without,
Brave Paul Severe Snow Apple aroused all with the shout:
"Fly to arms, you Apples all,' and' protect your loving wives,
For a host worms is close at hand to rob us of our lives!"
Tbe awful warning reached all ears and excitement was supreme
Wiien the minctemen of Appleville gathered at the village green.,.
Ct wa» not long ago, my dears, that the Apple population
lived in peace and quiet and was loved by all the nation.
¦ ' -. _ "' ¦ ¦.
The members of the colony, who in duty never blundered,
- o •
Were by the tens of thousands by the census-taker numbered.
. & .^- Oj . . •
Every Apple, big or small, from Grarly Crab to Bell Flower,
Was a credit to his calling and to his king a bower.
known
2TE of the greatest struggles that this world has. eve?
Is going en In Appleville, and many a happy tome
Is dark In gloom and sorrow, for many a loved one dear
Has fallen in the battle ranks with a heart that knew no
fear.
THE SUNDAY CALL!
15
THE WONDERFUL
KINGDOM OF WONDERFUL
THINGS.
Watch for the Big Surprise in the Puzzle Contest Next Sundayry~ H, CHILDREN, Here is balm for the, wounded feelings of all those who have not yet won a single
( \ prize in any of the contests- of the Fifth Series. This Is a Consolation Contest— a special contest
r~"| for only those who have not been winners during the past thirteen weeks. Remember that, for it
¦<1 is important. ONLY THOSE WHO HAVE NOT, YET WON A PBIZE IN THE FIFTH SERIES
CAN COMPETE TO-DAY. But next Sunday— AH, NEXT SUNDAY TI^SBE WILL BE SOMETHING:
AMAZINGLY NEW FOB EVEBYBODY^-SOMETHING THAT WILL SIMPLY ASTONISH Y0T7.
. :¦ In the meantime don't forget that there are SIXTY, prizes every week; TWENTY DIFFERENT
BOOKS .to choose from— books that are classics, which means the best ever written, the books
everybody wants to read, the books everybody wants to keep and read and read again and again. That
is another reason why the Puzzie Editor-has selected this beautiful New Landscape Series, a special.edi
tion designed particularly for a. Christmas. book. \ Each cover shows a different picture in multiple color*
and each picture is a work of art in, itself. •
: -And then there are those Superfine" French Paints. Just think of the Christmas presents you
- can make with those. And besides all this there is the Honorary Gallery, of Prize Winners.
,«-*. .So remember this:;. You;willall have a chance not only to win a prize, but to get your picture
published as well. The Puzzle Editor wants all prize winners from now on to send in their pictures— the
-whole sixty eve'ry week" if possible. Begin right now. Don't wait. The" more the merrier. There can't
be too many. .But remember only the prize winners can have their pictures published.
>.,,: J Each of the Nine Pictures in this, the Consolation Contest :'of the -Fifth Series, represents a
Mother Goose character. Can "you "guess ? Ah! There is rich reward for^ you if^you can.
,, . .". And: now. listen •carefully:, THERE ARE^SIXTY; PRIZES, and this is what you must do to win
one of them: . . . '. r :'•}??'! : ;^*r
* Find nine Familiar names from Mother Goose represented by the Small Puzzle Pictures on this
-.page, and write them out in full, in.-. the; space , opposite the proper corresponding number provided for
.the purpose in the coupon on: this page, as per directions; fill in the 'coupon with your name and ad
'dress'andtHe'prize you' desire— if you win—and send the picture, with .the coupon attached, to the EDI
.TOBOF THE NAME PUZZLE PAGE, Sunday CaU,*San Francisco, CaL :
V'** V ' "BEMEMBEB-^-To'the FIB ST; SIXTY BOYS AND. GniLS>ho solve the Nine Name Puzzles cor
rectly/ one of these SIXTY. BEAUTIFUL PBIZES -will be awarded.
. And. don't forget thisnext point, because it is very importan*.: AT J- ANSWERS MUST REACH
THIS OFFICE • BY FRIDA Y-N00 N. : • This - gives all those : in T the coun try an equal chance to compete.
Bead everything on this page, to be sure that- you overlook nothing that will help you to win. a prize.
• •.'THE'NAMES OPOBE ixrcKYWINNEESWILLBE PUBLISHED IS THE SUNDAY CALL
TWO WEEKS' FROM TO-DAY, December 13. jBj|jffi||g|W r
, These are the TWENTY BEAUTIFUL BOOKS from which you may select if you solve all the
puizjes .correctly: . A. Wonder, Book, l*y_ Hawthorne; •.Evangeline, by Longfellow; The Fairy Land of
Bcience^; by Buckley; Greek" Heroes, by /Kingsley; 'Alice's Adventures in Wonderland, by Carroll; Old
. Christmas,,by Irving^The^Water Babies,^by Kingsley; A Child's Garden of Verses, by Stevenson; Jes
sica's First Prayer,^ by~Stretton; C^ Irving; 'Km*'
nagh, by Longfellow; Cranford, by; Gaskell; The PilgTim's Progress, by Bunyan; 'x'he Cricket on the
Hearth, ;by, Dickens; The Tales from Shakespeare, by^Lamb; Treasure Island, by Stevenson; Adventurts
of a Brownie, by Mulock; Laddie an 1 Miss Toosey's Mission and The Magic Nuts, by Mbleswbrth.
V A . V i . OR JL BOX OFj SUPERFINB F^tENCT PAIHTS^
5hhpV}&&& R&vzterfr *he Names Pp«m "M©Ww
&HE$E ARE
THE SIXTY
WINNERS
OF NOV. 15.
CTpT HESE aza the names of the
I sixty lucky children who won
I prizes in the puzzle contest
tie Names of Fish— published
In The Sunday Call of November 15:
Alice Fisher, 1532 Sherman street,
Alameda; W. A. Wiedenbeck, Bakers
field; A. Huber, 1308 Polk street,
San Francisco; Hazel Kose, Sonora;
Joseph Barbono, 665 Adeline street,
Oakland; -Merle Green, 1406 Seven
teenth street, Oakland; Elmo Pinker
ton, 2137 Howard street, San Fran
cisco; Bobert True. 863 Eddy street,
San Francisco; Milner Sharp, Los An
geles; Irving Martin, Stockton; Irene
Woods, 1252 Campbell street, Oak
land; Vernon Hodgkins, Marysville;
Adele Hunt, Fruitvale; Beatrice
Miner, 1516 Sherman street, Ala
meda; W. H. Ghilchrist, LrvermoTe;
Cacilia Blel, San Jose; Frances Ber
xyuian, Ha pa Junction; Rodney Eu
lofson, Angels; Allison Jones, San
Bafael; Wilber Green, Vallejo; Willia
Waters, Marysville; Harry Ward,
612 Cherry street, Santa Bosa; Ada
. Slayton, Irvington; Martha Kragen,
1495 Geary street, San Francisco;
Amanda Bonilla, Santa Barbara; Ef
fle Squire, 1281 Waller street, San
Francisco; Mabel Sobey, 620 Minna
street, San Francisco; Lila Bickford,
. Stockton; Ethelyn Eaglin, 841 Devis
adero street, San Francisco; Bay Har
ris, 1610 McAllister street, San Fran
cisco; Mary McAndrew, Mill Valley;
Irene Norris, Cherry street, San
ts Bosa; Connie Cook, Healdsburg;
C. Martin, 1247 Park avenue, Ala
meda; Johanna Niedling, 1502 Pa
cific avenue/ San Francisco; Willia
Sweeley, Pasadena; Willie Asher,
524 Post street, San Francisco; Lou
Gesford, 224 Minna street, San Fran
cisco; Robert Kruger, 625 Mission
street, San Francisco; Elaine Stand
ish, 1275 Waller street, San Francis
co; Sibyl Murras, 1215 Guerrero
street, San Francisco; M. Hampdtn,
1633 Sacramento street, San Francis
co; Dorothy Crawford, 2226 Post
street, Son Francisco; Elinor Hall,
1319 Hayes street, San Francisco;
Geraldine De Lay, 725 CFarrell
street, San Francisco; Earl Crellin,
Pie as on ton; Budolph Getz, 16 15
Baker street, San Francisco; Myra
Treat, 1812 Van Ness avenue, San
Francisco; Lee Girvin, 2293 Sacra
mento street, San Francisco; Bose
Lewin, 866 Castro street, Oakland;
Margarita Robinson, 1315 Henry
street, Berkeley; Veryl Bernhard, 9
Twenty-eighth street, San Francisco;
M. Calogrias, 126J4 Silver street, San
Francisco; Pearl Delger, 3740 Twen
ty-fifth street, San Francisco; John
Neidling, 1502 Pacific avenue, Baa
Francisco; Marguerite Bell, 2010 Sut
ter street, San' Francisco; Mildred
Curtis, 918 Ellis street, San Francis
co; Francis Hood, Fruitvale; Bernard
Hertsman, San Diego; Meta Leon
hart, 150 West Mission street, Saa
Francisco.
THE SUNDAY CAIiI*
16
NAME PUZZLES
Solve the Puzzles,
Fill Out the Cpupon
and Send- It to
the Fuzzle Editor,
Sunday Call, S. Fv
To Puzzle Editor, Sunday Call,
San Francisco:
Below in their r proper num-
bers please find my solution of
the names of Nine Different
Characters from-. Mother Goose
represented In /this week's-i
Name Puzzles.
1 f... ................. m.. ....
3 r....... .....................
4 :
5 ....:.•
. ¦ • " ¦*.
eV
/
• ..^.,:
0
November 29, 1903.
Name ...,,..
*Stre«t # orP. O
C**.y ••••••••••••••••••••• ##s #M
o* '? SIBULB5 -- "
If I win I choose for prize
*
(8m List of Prize*.)'Palaces at Belgrade for Sale.
BELGRADE, Nov. 28.— Two palaces
of the late King Alexander, one at Nish
and the other at Kragujevatz. were re
cently offered for sale by former Queen
Natalie, the sole heir of the late King.
The Servian Government declined to
buy the palaces because the price asked
was ?500,000. The former Queen's agent
has gone to Paris to negotiate a gala
with a syndicate there.
NEW YORK MAY SAY
"HELLO'* TO LONDON
Inventor Declares Telephone Com
murgcation May Be Established
Within a Year.
LONDON, Nov.' 28.— Prophecy is a
dangerous thing, but with a full reali
zation of its pitfalls the correspondent
of the Inter Ocean ventures the follow
ing prediction: Within three months,
probably before New .Year, direct tele-
YOUNG ' WOMEN OF ENGLAND WHO, PREFERRING ' XO BE INDE
PENDENT. EARN THEIR LIVELIHOOD BY FARMING ON A SCI
ENTIFIC SCALE.
CardinarSues for Libel.
ROME, Nov. 28.— Cardinal Seraflno
Vanutelli, who was prominently men
tioned as a likely successor to Leo XIII
at the • time of the conclave and who,
in his diplomatic career, spent several
years as .- nuncio . at Brussels, , has
brought suit j for jj libel and 4 def amation
of character ' against , the . radical" Bel
gian paper '.i the Express of Liege. - : He
asks for. damages amounting Ho ,10,000
francs. ' " >; V -- . '
gus Hamilton, the Times war corre
spondent; is Mrs.. Pinero's son. She*
is said .to have had literary ambitions
in her "youth and earlier womanhood,
but has abandoned them, in the'brilliant
light of Mr. Pinero's genius for writing
plays. . .-' "
Miss Louise 'Ormsby of Oniaha, who
Is a very talented young singer, has
starttfl on an English tour of special
concerts with the well-known
player Foldesy, and Rudolf Zwintcher,
the planist,?> While en route from Lon
don to. Newmarket some of the para
phernalia of the company got lost and
it was not until the arrival at the hall
"fc-here the concert was to be given that
it was discovered that the programmes
of the concert were among the missing
baggage. „-. This necessitated some one
going on to the platform and announc
ing jrerbally each item of the pro
gramme that ; was to be performed,
and to the intense amusement of the
very smart audience that had been
drawn to Newmarket to hear Miss
Ormsby the director announced that
"Miss Louise Ormsby will sing 'Until
To-Morrow.' " ¦ n
graphic communication without Inter
mediate repeating stations will be es
tablished for 1 the first time . between
New York and London, and telegrams
will be exchanged at a Bpeed of more
than four times the previous • capacity
of any cable.
He says. he is. tempted to go a step
farther and express the strong expecta
tion that within a year It -will be as
feasible to converse by telephone be
tween New York and London as it is
across Manhattan/ Perhaps it is as well
to confess-that it'is easy to: prophesy
when you know. The feat of rapid com
munication between London and New
York, as a matter of fact, has been
greatly surpassed recently 'in actual
practice. , The problem of cheap, . rapid
long-distance communication has been
solved, and the credit for this signal
triumph of -modern science belongs to
England.
When the permission of the inventors
is obtained more than this general 'an
nouncement will -be made. '
perance Hotel, a school trustee, mem
ber of the School Board, a governor of
the National School, editor of the
"Llanfyllin Rural Deanery •Magazine,"
county Alderman, member of the coun
cils of the Royal Agricultural Society,
Polo Pony Society, Bangor College.
Aberystwlth College, and chairman of
Lady Warwick's Agricultural Associa
tion for Women. Therefore, Mr. Dug
dale ;jays he is too busy a man to go in
for really model farming. He ntjrely
urges Miss Blenkiron tind Miss Haw
kins to make "the Dugdale farm" as
model as they can, and is--reported to
be uncommonly well' pleased with the
results. jQ :
Owing to the success of th4original
"hostel," as it was called, the scheme
has expanded until it is now about to
Include beautiful Studley Castle in
Warwickshire, where accommodations
are being provided for sixty girl gradu
ates, whose agricultural operations will
spread over 340 acres. Since the open
ing it the hostel at Reading some 225
students have taken a. course of at
least twp years, and many of them now
have good positions. —
Mrs. Pinero, wife of the man who is
now generally conceded to be far and
away the greatest of English play
wrights, who will probably be one
of the patronesses of the new
International literary club for women
soon to be established , in Lon
don, rarely appears even in so . mildly
official a capacity as this. Mrs. Pinero
belongs to the English aristocracy; is,
in facti one of its "quiet lights.* She
was formerly a Mrs. Hamilton, her first
husband having been a member of the
family of* the Duke of Abercorn. An-
/ . .- ' ¦-. • ¦ ¦ . . . ""tv*
Two Fair Tenants Manage a Thousand-Acre Estate for a
wales Cjentleman. °
LONDON, Nov. 28.— Serious differ
ences have recently arisen between the
Duchess of Marlborough and some of
the workmen employed pn her splendid
London mansion which is now nearing
completion. Some time ago she or
dered marble from Irish quarries to re
place Italian stuff of which she d'd
not approve. The Connemara product
was duly delivered in its rough state
and Italian workmen were set to work
to polish it. Her Grace came one day
to see how the polished marble looked
and she was so disappointed with its
appearance that shs wired to Conne
mara asking the American syndicate,
which is working the quarries, to take
It away. When an expert from the
quarries arrived he discovered that the
marble had been "queered" in the pol
ishing and he asked the Duchess to
allow, him to put one of his own men
at work at a piece of the 'marble. Her
Grace was astonished at the result.
It was pointed out to her that the
Italian workmen who were all compe
tent craftsmen neglected to do their
work . properly because the product of
their own country had been rejected.
She grave orders to clear the Italians
off the premises immediately. The
contractors argued that they were
under a contract to have work finished
by a. certain date, and. if the polishers
were discharged the French and Ital
ian carvers would be likely to strike.
"I don't care," said the Duchess, "if
the house is not finished for five years
these men must not be employed here."
And the men had to go.
¦CABNEGIE STILL AMERICAN".
. Before Andrew Carnegie accepted the
Invitations of the cities of Limerick
and Waterford. I am told that he
-made careful inquiries as to whether
the conferring of their freedom upon
him would in any way interfere with
his status as an' American citizen. He
h^d long Interviews in the House of
Commons with John Redmond, who
represents the city of Waterford in
Parliauwmt. but It was not until he
consulted his lawyers that he agreed
to accept the prciTered honor.
"I, want no honors or titles or any
thing of the kind," he remarked to
John Dillon, who is a close personal
friend of his. "All I want is that what
I am doing In the way of free libraries
shah be. productive of some good to th«»
present and succeeding generations of
Englishmen and Irishmen. I know that
the 'freedom* of the cHIes of Waterford
and Limerick entitles me to rank as a
citizen of both, but you must never
bother me with voting papers or any
thing of that kind, because I never in
tend to take anjpart In serious politics
outside the United States." i Both Mr.
Dillon and Mr.- Redmond gave him a
written' assurance to that effect.
YANKEE MONEY IN DOLLS.
In various parts of Ireland there are
at the present moment many under
takings which never would have been
entered upon j!>ut for American money.
The latest Is a doll factory situated at
a place called Stewartstown. in the
county of Tyrone, close to the banks of
Lough Neagh— the largest lake in
Great Britain and! Ireland. The estab
lishment of this" factory Is duo directly
to the enterprise of a Mrs. Frances Rld
deh, who, when a simple peasant girl,
emigrated to America thirty years ago.
She made money by investment In real
estate In the neighborhood of Chicago
and has now returned to do something
toward alleviating the distress ot her
native country. With the assistance of
another American — the Hon. F. T. Wall
of Cincinnati— she has founded what Is
known as the Co-operative Home In
dustry Society and the manufacture of
dolls Is the first Item in the programme.
Already a good start has been made,
and as many as sixty girls are finding
constant employment. The capital re
quired was not much — something like
55000^because all the materials re
quired can be found In the immediate
locality. Irish products alone both in
the models and the dressing are 'to be
used. It. Is not Intended to produce the
stage Irish man or woman, but to give
an accurate representation of the na
tive In a faithful manner. Mrs. Rld
dell Is at present confining her efforts
to cultivating trade in the British Isles,
but she has hopes that in time she will
be able to do a big trade 'with the
United States. The furnishing of dolls'
houses will occupy . her attention
later on.
LONDON. Nov. 2S.— When a rich and
famous English society woman, the
Countess of Warwick, took it into her
head come four years ago to found an
agricultural collepe for English gentle
women she was subjected to a good
bit of ridicule as a dreamer. But the
college has begun to turn out girl farm
ers now, and lo! it appears that they
understand the business from A to Z
and — what is more than most English
men can do — make money at it.
Two of the earliest graduates, Miss
Blenkiron and Miss Hawkins, good
looking daughters of professional men,
have begun to attract attention as
farmers for Marshall Dugdale, one of
the richest men in Wales. When asked
as to the results of his experiment Mr.
Dugdale exclaimed:
"Who ever would have thought I
could have stood two ladles as my head
dairy farmers for two years? I
wouldn't have said so two years ago.
but I didn t give Lady Warwick and
her Women's Agricultural College their
due. When I got hold of the prize
graduates and set them to managing
my Weish cows and sheep and pigs
and rabbits I found they knew their
business."
Mr. Dugdale, whose 1000-acre farm is
in the mountain district of Llanfyllin.
Wales, was the first o£ the big "gentle
men farmers'* in the British isles to try
the exponents of the Countess of War
wick's Beading enterprise. The success
of his experiment shows signs of hav
ing set the fashion. Most of the young
women graduates from the school
which teaches hoeing, pig-feeding,
calf-raising and other homely arts, are
petting positions, although none as yet
has done as well financially as the two
whose work Is now attracting atten
tion.
WOSK IS PROFITABLE.
Miss Blenkiron and Miss HtHridna
earn In cash about 5400 a y«ar each—
which in England is more than It
sounds to Ampfic&n readers- und have,
In addition to all the dairy products
they want, a garden of thtir own »nS a
great big farmhouse, also all their own,
to live in. fanuho'ise Is on the
top of a hill that co:r?3 near to beine
a mountain. CThe ascent to the place
Is precipltat* and in printer the house
Is often snowbound. Yet these hardy
girls, not within several years of thirty,
run their jtairy in all weathers, milk
cows, teed^cows, exercise the herd if
necessary, make butter <tnd cheese in
their model ,-AmeHcar? dairy, see that
the men 'who look after Mr. Duriale's
$00 eheeo look after their properly,
raise pigs by the dozen, feed them by
patent pipe- feeders from the dairy,
Uive some attention to rabbit-breeding,
which Mr. Dugdale is keen on, on
emergency help -with the herds of
Welsh ponies and with, the haying* and
occasionally lecture on model farming
to the now awestruck residents of
LlanfyUln. :^.\
Miss Blenkiron, plus the labor of di
recting nearly ever}- branch of Industry
connected with the farm, acCng as
local Instructor of farming"
methods and so forth., makes no less
than sixty pounds of butysr a day. Miss
Hawkins makes and eoxnetlxies drives
around the country to deliver a dozen
hefty cheese of the Cheshire brand.
The two girls together in the course of
a year handle about 40.000 gallons of
milk fresh from their sixty cows.
The two girls, like all student^ ad
mitted to the Lady Warwick Hostel for
the study of the lighter branches of
agriculture, are delicately reared j and
well educated ladles. Yet the things
they do on Mr. Dugdaie's farm are aa
nothing in proportion to the things
they learned to do at Lady Warwick***
HosteL They had dally practice in the
culture of the garden proper, with its
associated branches, such as fruit farm
ing, the growing of mushrooms and to
matoes, flowers and vegetables; in
poultry rearing, beekeeping, dairy
work. Including the actual feeding of
cows and pigs; cider and Jam making.
Both young women learned to mow, To
build houses for the culture of flower?
and the principles of landscape garden^
ing. Miss Blenkiron took particularly
keen interest in zoology and was as
pociated with Miss Hawkins in many
dissecting operations. Both studied
chemistry, botany and bacteriology
along with their zoology. And, ""wise
women that hostel graduates must be,
they learned bookkeeping.
LANDLORD IS ECCENTRIC.
Oddly enough, the man who has been
lucky enough to have all this agricul
tural wisdom placed at his disposal
makes no pretensions of being a model
farmer. He is an eccentric gentleman
who is interested in everything from
curio collecting to pig raising. He Is
now Mayor of L>lanfyllin for the fifth
time, is chairman of ."Petty Sessions
Court.", managing director of the
LJanfyllin Gas Company, and the Tern-
Cattle, Pigs and
Chickens the
Subjects.
Making Dolls New
Venture for
Women.
Girls Graduate to
Study Rural
Life.
Carnegie Loves His
American Citi
7Ancn ir\
JL\Z 1 lol 1 1 \J.
Countess 1 Clever
Scheme Bears
Results.
Duchess Has Tilt
With Union
Laborers.
FARMING THE FAD FOR YOUNG ENGLISH
WOMEN WHO PREFER TO BE INDEPENDENT
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 29, 1903.
tonishing that the King of Spain is not
a very robust-potentate. Here are the
titles under which he staggers:
His ' Most . Catholic Majesty, . Khig of
Spain, j Castile, . Leon, Aragon, the • two
Sicllys, Jerusalem, Navarre, Grenada,
Toledo, Valencia, -Gallicia, Majorca,
Minorca, Seville, Cardena, Cordova, Co-
ruza, Murcla, Jaen, Algarva, Algezera,
Gibraltar," Canary , Islands, Oriental
and Occidental Indies, India and the
Oceanic Continent; Archduke of Aus
tria, Duke of Burgundy, Brabalt, Mi
lan; Count of Hamburg. Flanders, Ty
rol and Barcelona; Seigneur of Biscay
and Molinar.
Pages 17 to 20
Pages I7to2(jf
Titles of Spain's King.
MADRID, Nov. 28.— It is scarcely as-Offenbach (two times); The Merry War.
Strauss; Robinson Crusoe,^ Offenbach;
Nell Gwynne, Planquette (two times);
TJre-Giorgiennes. Offenbach; Lucia. Doni
z*rttl; Martha, Flotow; Faust, Gounod;
Nanon, Genee (three times); Rigoletto.
Verdi (two times); Mikado. Gilbert and
Sullivan (two times) : Princess Ida, Gil
bert and Sullivan; The Three Guards
men, Varney; The Black Cloaks, Buca-
Falka, Chassaigne; Widow O'Brien,
musical comedy; Rip Van Winkle, Plan
quette; The Musketeers, Varney; Vir
ginia, Solomon (twice); The Medium,
musical comedy; The Pretty Galathea,
Suppe; Flirtation, musical comedy; The
Grand Duchess. Offenbach; Girofle-GI
rofla. Lecocq; The Black Cloaks, Bu
calossl; • La Perichole, Offenbach; Tre
bizonde, Offenbach; The Golden Hen,
Audran. (two times); Mikado, Gilbert
nnd Sullivan; Iolanthe, Gilbert and Sulli
livan (two times); Fatinitza. Suppe;
Business Is Business, musical comedy;
The Brigands, Offenbach (two times);
Boccaccio, Suppe; Fra Diavolo, Auber;
Mascot, Audran; Orpheus, Offenbach.
1 1887. _
Nemesis, Famic; The Professor, Gil
lette (two times); Erminle, Jakobowsky;
Claude Duval. Solomon; The May Queen,
Serpette; Ruddygore, Gilbert and Sulli
van; Mme. Favart, Offenbach; La Belle
Helene, Offenbach; The Hermit's Bell,
Maillard; Widow O'Brien, musical com
edy; The Bells of Corneville, Planquette
(two times).
. (Closed on account of the death of Joe
Kreling June 26.)
She, W. W. Furst: The Bohemian Girl.
Balfe (two times); Lily of Klllarney.
Benedict; Olivette, Audran; Maritana.
Wallace (two times) ; Mikado, Gilbert and
Sullivan (two times); Falka, Chassaigne:
Allan Quatermain, musical drama; The
Black Cloaks, Bucalossi; Martha, Flotow;
Tho Pirates of Penzance, Gilbert and
Sullivan; Box and Cox, Gilbert and Sul
livan; Trip to the Moon, Offenbach.
1888.
(Closed on account of the death of Mrs.
F. W. Krellng January 15.)
Trip to the Moon, Offenbach; The Maid
of Belleville, Mllloecker; Billee Taylor.
Solomon: Iolanthe,' Gilbert and Sullivan:
Prince Methusalem, Strauss; Patience,
Gilbert and Sullivan (three times); Beve
nuta, Mllliken; Virginia, Solomon; Fan
tino, Messager; • Carmen, Bizet; ¦ Glrofle-
Girofla, Lecocq; Said Pasha, Richard
Stahl (two times) ; Donna Juanita,
Suppe; The Black , Hussar, Milloecker;
Der Frelschutz, Weber; The Bohemian
Girl. Balfe (two times); II Trovatore,
Verdi (two tlme3) ; Mikado, Gilbert and
Sullivan; Faust, Gounod (two»times);
The Three Guardsmen. Varney; Un Ballo,
Verdi (two times) ; Lucia, Donizetti (two
times) ; A Night in Venice, Strauss. Q
1S89.
Martha, Flotow; La Traviata. Verdi;
The Beggar Student. Milloecker; The
Nightingale. Messagor; Yetiva, Ion Ar
nold; The Brigands, Offenbach; The Mas
cot. Aifdran; The Daughter of the Regi
ment. Donizetti; The Bells of Corneville,
Planquette; The Queen's Lace Handker
chief, Strauss; The First Lieutenant,
Page and Wise (two times) ; Nanon, Ge
nee (two times) ; Maritana, Wallace (two
times); Amorita, Czibulka; H. M. S. Pin
afore. Gilbert and Sullivan; Yeoman of
the Guard. Gilbert and Sullivan (two
times); Ernanl, Verdi; Princess Toto.
Donizetti (two times); Lucrezia Borgia,
Donizetti; Golden Hen, Audran (two
times); Barber of Seville, Rossini;
Theodora, W. W. Furst (three times);
-La Fille deS Madame Angot. Lecocq
(two times); II Trovatore, Verdi two
times); Norma. Bellini (two times); Lu
cia, Donizetti (two times}* Grand Duch
ess, Offenbach; Verdi Jubilee; Bohemian
Girl, Balfe; The Mikado, Sullivan; Pi
rates of Penzance, Sullivan; A Ida, Verdi.
Furioso, Vogt.
(January 26 — Closed for alterations
and repairs for twenty-one nights.)
The Brigands. Offenbach; Boccac
cio, Suppe; Said Pasha, Stahl; The
Gascon, Suppe; The Mascot, Audran;
Drum Major's Daughter, Offen
bach; Orpheus, Offenbach (two times);
Fatinitza. Suppe; Donna Juanita. Suppe;
Gondoliers, Sullivan; Indigo, Strauss;
Vice Admiral, Milloecker; Genevieve de
Brabant, Offenbach; Marjolaine, Lecocq;
The Privateer, Planquette (two times);
Life in Paris. Offenbach; The Red Bird.
Lecocq; The Mikado, Sullivan; Dorothy,
Cellier; The Grenadier, Solomon; H. M.
S. Pinafore, Sullivan; Wonderful Lamp,
' White.
(Closed December 15 and IS for dress
rehearsals.)
1891.
Widow O'Brien, musical comedy: Glro
fle-Girofla, Lecocq; Satanella, Balfe; Pa
tience, Sullivan (two times); Lurline,
Wallace; Iolantjie, Sullivan; Favorita,
Donizetti; Gypsy Baron, Strauss: Amlna
F. Wink; Beggar Student. Milloecker.
(two times) ; Gasparone, Milloecker (two
times); Rat Charmer, Neuendorff; Pir
ates of Penzance, Sullivan (two
times); Nenajo, ; Bells of
Corneville, Planquette (three times); Bo
hemian Girl, i. Balfe; The Mikado*. Sulli
van; Olivette, Audran;: Aquilo, Audran;
Coquelicot, Varney; Prince Methusalem
Strauss; Fatinitza. Suppe; Black Cloaks,
Bucalossl; Fra Diavolo, Auber (two
. times) ; Boccaccio, . Suppe .: (two times) ;
La Fille de Mme. Angot, Lecocq (two
times): The Bat (Fledermaus), Strauss
(two times); Der Freischutz, Weber;
account of thefjjeath of President James
An Gafneld r ]h . .
G) o 1882. -.-/y
;_ The(J?retty Galathea. Suppe, and John
i)t .Paris, Boieldieu; Faust, Gounod; Ma
nola, Lecocq; 11 Trovatore, Verdi; Prin
cess of Trebizonde, Offenbach; Un Ballo
in. Maschera, Verdi; The Voltigeurs,
Planquette; Der Frelschutz, Weber; Co
quellcot, Varney; Ernani, Verdi; The
Tales of Hoffman, Offenbach; Lucia,
Donizetti (two times); The Merry War,
Strausp; La Sonnambula. Bellini; Donna
Juanita, Suppe; Oberon, Weber.
(Closed four nights. August 27-30, for
alterations and improvements.)
. 1883.
La'Traviata. Verdi (two times); The
Bridge of Sighs, Offenbach; Linda, Doni
zetti; Maritana. Wallace; Manola, Le
cocq (two times); Stradella, Flotow; The
Merry Wives, Nicolai '(two times); Boc
caccio, Suppe (two times): Faust, Gounod;
Fatinitza, Suppe; FraDiavolo, Auber; Der
Freischutz, Weber; II Trovatore, Verdi
(two times); Martha, Flotow; Tho
Magic Flute, Mozart; The Mascot. Aud
ran; King Charming (No Song, No Sup
per), musical comedies; Rigoletto, Verdi
(two times); Sleeping Beauty, extrava
ganza; Olivette, Audran (four times);
Lucrezla Borgia, Donizetti; The Bells of
Corneville, Planquette; Norma, Bellini;
The Beggar Student. Milloeckcr (two
times); Don Giovanni, Mozart; Cinder
ella, Rossini.
1884.
The Bohemian Girl. Balfe (two times) ;
Tho Little Duke. Lecocq; Lucia, Doni
zetti (two times): Bells of Corneville,
Planquette (two times); Donna Juanita,
Suppe; Lucrezia Borgia, Donizetti; Princa
Methusalem, Strauss (two times); Wil
liam Tell, Rossini; Maritana, Wallace; The
Royal Middy, Genee (three times); Oliv
ette, Audran; The Mascot, Audran; La
Favorlta, Donizetti; Martha, Flotow; La
Fille de Madame Angot, Lecocq; The En
chantress. Balfe; Robert the Devil,
Meyerbeer; Gillette, Audran; Un Ballo.
Verdi (two times); FatinTtza, Suppe; II
Trovatore, Verdi (two /times) ; H. M. S.
Pinafore, Gilbert and Sullivan: Boccaccio,
Suppe; Little Red Riding Hood, Boiel
dieu; The Pirates of Penzance, : Gilbert
and Sullivan; Marriage by Lanterns. Of
fenbach; Little Duke, Lecocq; Faust,
Gounod; Rigoletto, Verdi; Prince North
Pole, .
1885. .
Heart and Hand. Lecocq (three times) ;
Peter the Shipwright. Lortzlng; La Son
nambula. Bellini; Little Faust. Herve (two
times); The Magic Flute, Mozart (two
times); A Trip to Africa, Suppe (two
times);. Ernani. Verdt; Satanella, Balfe;
Girofle-GIrofla, Lecocq: La Traviata, Ver»
di (two times); Dio Fledermaus, Strauss
(two times); The Pretty Poacher,
TOE NEW^HO\VE,OF THE TIVOLI AND THOSE WHO MADE IT FAMOUS.
Place Theater In New York, when
the good Herr has a mind to opera.
There is the first production of "She,"
the romantic opera by "Billy" Furst,
director of. the Tivoll, that -ran for
fifty-one nights there and. afterward
for five years on the road.- There are
productions of local genius, Ocsax
Weil's "Suzette" and the "Pretty
Poacher," H. J. Stewart's "Bluff KI1M5
Hal" and "His Majesty." There is the
whole range of the Offenbach r^pet
toire, Strauss, Suppe, Bpieldjeuj Le
cocq, Balfe, and sq on, an£ Gilbert and
Sullivan are thoroughly "represented.
Only indeed by doing .things like 'last
week's "Zaza," last year's "La Tosca"
and "Andre Chenier,'.' the "Queen of
Sheba," "Otello," "Hansel and Gretel"
of late seasons, could the Tivpli hope
to live up to its honorable lineage: '
The stranded company has ' been a
prolific source of supply to" the Tivoll.
It gave us Collamarini, Russo, Bar r
bareschl, Castellano, of late years; and
gave the first. Italian opera at the
house in 1SS2. But the first venture
was a polyglot arran^emeut^-not the
last — the company using up several
tongues during, the performance. 'Tn»
opera, by the way, was Verdi's VBallo
in Maschera," and ran. for twenty-one
nights. ' v ••
It was in '95, thirteen years later,
f that Mr. Leahy inaugurated a "regular
season of grand opera. Before .that
time the grand and comic opera were'
sandwiched indiscriminately together,
the idea of separate seasons not having
occurred, to the management. A modest
eight weeks was the first grand opera
record, and since then it has varied
from that unto a twenty-week, season.
Most of us are familiar with its later
history. "•' ' 'i 1 0
Once only has this unique twenty
five-year season of opera been inter*
rupted, wh?n to please Edwins Stevens
"Cyrano de Bergerac" was put on in
f 9». It was one of the cleverest things
Edwin Stevens has done. A rather
curious coincidence is r that: the hbuse
was first closed for the death of Presi
dent Garfleld, September 20. K81," and
last closed on September J.9^ and 20,
1902, for McKinley*s ' funeral. 7 The
theater has been closed only for a few
weeks since its opening, foiCtlj?i deaths
c-^curring in the Kreling family, for al
terations a«d repairs.
Until last year the Tivoli was vcKblly
under the Kreling oJanagementT Jo-
Beph, l'aunder of the house, was • its (
mainstay until his death irt 1887. Wil
liam- then took the cares -Of manage
ment upon his shoulders, and oh his
death in 1893 tflby were undertaken by
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling. Mrs. Kreling,
before that time chiefly concerned with
the buttons and appetites of two small
boys, then entered upon the work of
theatrical management, and might
have been seen any time for the last
ten years in the old Tivoli office, doing
anything to dressing dolls for the
Christmas show. How succeseful Mrs.
Kreling ha3 been, always with the in
spiration of Mr. Leahy behind her, Is a
matter of common knowledge, and as
the head of the Tivoll corporation that
Is to handle* the new theater, one* can
wish her only the same good judgment,
enterprise and high purpose that have
so far been hers ln her theatrical
career.
And now, the following lists of the
operas produced will no doubt prove In
teresting, for they Include everything
that the Tivoli has given:
1679.
H. M. S. Pinafore, Gilbert and Sullivan;
Trial by Jury and H. M. 8. Pinafore
(two times), Gilbert and Sullivan; The
Wreck of the Pinafore. Mrs. Church; The
Doctor of Alcantara, Eichberg; The Sor
cerer, Gilbert and Sullivan; La Fllle de
Madame Angot, Lecocq.
1880.
Girofle-GIrofla, Lecocq (two times);
The Little Duke, Lecocq (two times); La
Grande Duchesse de Gerolstein, Offen
bach; Fatinitza, Suppe (two times); Blue
Beard. Offenbach; La Perichole, • Offen
bach; Die Fledermaus, Strauss; The
Bells of Corneville, Planqyette; Light
Cavalry, Suppe; Maritana, Wallace; Fra
Diavolo, Auber; The Pretty Persian, Le
cocq; Cinderella, Rossini.
The Bohemian Girl, Balfe; Olivette,
Audran (two times); Rose of Castile,
Balfe: The Fakir of Travancore, Searelle;
Martha, Flotow; Satanella. Balfe: Crown
Diamonds, Auber; Lurline, Wallace;
Donna Juanita, Suppe; Bronze Horse,
Auber.
(Closed one night, September 20, on.
Madame iCartouche, VJuseur; The Mus
keteers, Varney; Donria Juanlta, Suppe
(two times); Billee. Taylor, Solomon; Isl
and jef Zenobar, selected.. ....
• 1832. . ' •
The Mascot,- Audran (two times); Yeo
man' of the. Guard. SiiMvan ;• Boccaccio,
Suppe; Palka,Chassaigne; The Merry War;
Strauss (two times); The Vice- Admiral.
Milloecker; Nane-n, Genee? :Bluff King
Hal, H, J. Stewart; • Chilpeiic. Herve;
.Rose of -Auvergne, Oftenbach; Cavallerla
Rusticana, . Mascagni (two 'times)-:. Trial,
by Jury. Sullivan; Amorita, Czibulka;
The Black-Hussar. Milloecker; "Erminle,
Jakobowski; La-Fille de.Mme. Angot, Le
cocq; Bohemian- Girl, Balfe (four times);
Pirates of Penza.nce. Sullivan; Clover,
Suppe; Nell Gjrynhe, Planquettet Beauty
and the Beast; Wilson & Bauer; The Lit-,
tie Duke, Lecocq; Girotle-Glrofla, Lecdcq;
'Virginia, Solomon; The Gulden. Hen. Aud
ran; The Muskeeters, .Varney: Olivette,
Audran; Estrella. ' Searelle (two
times); Maritana, Wallace (two
times); -The Bat (Fledermaus),
Strauss; OrpheUs and Eurydlce,
Offeubach: The -Black Cloaks. Bu
calossl; Martha. Flotow (three times):
Queen's Lace Handkerchief. Strauss; II
Trovatore, .Verdi (three times); Bur
lesque-Trovatore; Trip 'to the Moon. Of
fenbach. ; • - . ' • .
3 i 1893.. . -' • •¦¦.
Faust. Gounod: La Belle Helene, Offen
bach; Carwen. Bizet; . Princess Trebi
zonde, Offenbach ; : Cabman Xo. «3. WII7
liaois; Cavalleria Rusticana. Mascagni:
Olivette, Audran; ; Nell Gwynne." Plan
quette; His Majesty,-- H. J. Stewart;
Grand Duchess, Offenbach; Torktown.
Fleishman; Martha, Flotow; Katherlne's
Courtship; Gondbllers, Sullivan; Falka.
Chassaigne; Maritana, Wallace; Yeoman
of the Guard. Sullivan; Bells ft Corae
ville, Planquette; The 'Hoolab, Lecbcq-:
The Gold Cross, Brull; Madame Favart.
OfTenbach: Ttye Mikado, Sullivan-" (two
times) ; All Baba, Lecocq; Indiana, Aud
ran; La Fille'de Mm©.,- Angot, , Lecocq;
Boccaccio; Suppe; Ship Ahoy, Donnelly •&
Miller; Fatinitza, Suppe; Trip to Africa,
Suppe: Pepita, Lecocq: A Night in Ven
ice. Strauss; Said Pasha. Stahl; The
Black Hussar./ Mllloecker;- The Bat
(Fledermaus), Strauss; island of Jewels,
Wilson & Bauer. /ft
(Closed on account of death of "Wil
liam Kreling December 15, eight nights.) o
Q 1894. o o .
Beggar Student, Milloecker; Nanon,
Genee; Mister Monte Crlsto, Wilson &
Bauer; Amorita. Czibulka£> The Hoolah,
Lecocq ; Ship Ahoy, Donnelly & Miller;
Genevieve de Brabant, Offenbach: Clov
er, Suppe; The Merry War, Strauss; The
Tar and Tartar, Itzel Jr.; Dick Turpin,
Donnelly & -Briggs; Rip Van Winkle,
Planquette; Gypsy Baron, Strauss; Dor
othy, Cellierjv Iolanthe, Sullivan; " Pa
tience. Sullivan; Don Juan (ad. lib), Wit
son & Hirschbach; Fra Diavolo, Auber:
Jupiter, Edwards ; Stfanola. Lecocq; The
Mascot. Audran; The Mikado. Sullivan;
Gasparone. Milloecker; ,,Lalla Rookh,
Wilson & Hirschbach. Q -
1895.
His Majesty. H". J. Stewart; Paola. Ja- .
kobowski; Prince Methusalcm, Strauss;
Boccaccio, Suppe; Olivette, Audran; Glro
fle-Glrofla. Lecocq; Nanon. Genee; H. M.
S. Pinafore, Sullivan; Bohemian Girl,
Balfe (four times); Little Robinson Cru
soe. Wilson & Hirschbach; The Brigands,
Offenbach; La Fllle de Mme. Angot,
Lecocq; Heart and Hand, Lecocq; Doro
thy, Cellier; May Queen. Popette: Ship
Ahoy. Donnelly & Miller; La Perichole,
Offenbach; Amorita, Czibulka; The Tar
and Tartar, Itzel Jr.; Satanella, Balfe;
Maritana, Wallace; Martha. Flotow
(threo times); Royal Middy, Genee;
Black Hussar. Mllloecker; Faust, Gou
nod; Lucia. Donizetti (three times); Er
nanl. Verdi: La Trayiata, Verdi; II Tro
vatore. Verdi, (two times); Marriage
by Lantern, Offenbach; Cavallerla
Rusticana. Mascagni (two times); Mme.
Favart. Offenbach; Carmen, Bizet;
Lucky Star. Chaprier; Mikado. Gilbert &
Sullivan; Beggar Student, Mllloecker;
Fatinitza, Von Suppe; Ixion, Lask &
Bauer. ».
1896.
Gentle Savage. Darling: Der Frel
schutz. Von Weber; Rip Van Winkle.
Planquette; The Hoolah. Lecocq; Mari
tana. Wallace; Said Pasha, Stahl; Blue
Beard (burlesque) : Bells of Corneville.
Planquette; Fra Diavolo. Auber: Uncle
Tom's Cabin, Millard; Olivette. Audran;
I*orraine. Dellinger; Trip to the Moon.
Offenbach; Lucia. Donizetti (three times);
Romeo and Juliet, Gounod (three times);
Rigoletto, Verdi (two times); Mignon,
Thomas; Martha. Flotow; Pagliacci,
Leoncavallo (two times); Carmen, Bizet;
Faust. Gounod (two times); Huguenots,
Meyerbeer (two times); Bohemian Girl.
Balfe (four times) ; II Trovatore, Vcrdl
(three times); La Traviata, Verdi; Caval
lerla Rusticana, Mascagni; Ernani, Verdi;
Hansel and Gretel, Humperdlnck; Aida,
Verdi; Satanella, Balf*; Babes in the
Wood, Hartman; Gypsy Baron. Strauss;
Donna Juanita. Supp«; The Little Duke,
Lecocq; The Brigands, Offenbach; Jack
and the Beanstalk, selected.
1897.
Maritana, W. V. Wallace: The Won
derful Lamp. White; Galathea, Suppa;
Patience, Sullivan; The Mikado, Sullivan;
H. M. S. Pinafore, Sullivan: Merry Wives
of Windsor, Nicolai; Don Juan (ad. lib),
Wilson; Lily of Klllarney. Benedict-
Shamus O'Brien. Villiers; Captain Fra
cassa, Dellinger;, Martha, Flotow; Nanon.
Genee; Miss Frisco, selected; Wang,
Morse (two times); Isle of Champagne
W. W. Furst; Aida, Verdi (two times);
Romeo and Juliet, Gounod; Lohengrin.
Wagner- (two times); II Trovatore, Verdi
Where does it all gro to, the music?
Where do the thrill, caress, tht sweet
pang of It cease to be? The big chords
ci£hing through one's ". eins, the mel
ody stealing into the heart, Is it there
©aljr that they are buried?
I looked wonderjnRly at the stripped
walls of the old Tivoli this week for
answer. Surely, eddying in some cor
ner, one might hear, murmurinf faint
ly as sea music purls through a shell,
an echo of Salassa's song, of the honey
th)i,ated Collamarini. of Gregorctti, the
r*fw ido!? Purely of the music that has
rung through the Tivoli for twenty-five
years there should so:nev her be some
tiny echo? And listening then 1 I fan
cied I could hear It and see the eeiitle
phosts of those who have made the
little opera-house famous. Sal-assa was
there, his scholar's face mocking above
the artist garb of Iago, his tender bary
tone proclaiming- with e.oquent cyni
cism the "Credo." Michaiena was there
making most musical love — and trying
to look as if he liked it— to Effle Stew
art in "Romeo and Juliet " Mascagni,
in a nobly wilted collar, waved again
his electric baton over* the "Civalleria"
and smiled his big boyish smile at the
'.'Hymn to the Sun." There was Scheel's
eager, artist face, bendir>5 over the first
Brahms symphonies given to San Fran
cisco. Thvre • were Mams -lies Colla
marini and De Lussan, each passion
ately pouring out the '"Halanera" for
all she was wofth. Gregoretti's "Largo
al -Factotum" still crackled through the
house, his infectious laugh stIU rippling
t-.rough its empty Fpacf Barron Ber
thald, now a j^reat person in Germany,
stalked in in fine and solemn fashion
in "The Jewess." And ihe'-e were Mons.
(yuille, Maurice de Vrles, Gustave Hin
iichs, Adolf Bauer ar>4 wr<6 knows how
r^aiiy more?
There was a laughing crowd In one
corner, Alice Nielsen's soprano giggle
nnd piqi;ant little face prominent
among them. Ferr'.s Hartman's ¦wide
Fmlle and rakish barytone were not far
off, nor Master Webb's cherubic grin
and unexpected venor Ed Stevens'
l^ng face, long Bides and long note re
called forgotten hysterics, and Caro
Roma's Katisha seemed to have plenty
to do with the case. Annie Myers'
piquant, impertinent little face « laimed
and recelved^a hearty welcome, and
older beauties, Tlllie Salinger, Belle
Thorne, Gracie Plaist^d. beamed over
the soubrette's plump shoulder. And
still older faces, whom I did nU know,
paihered and surged until I was fain
to leave the darkening hall. Then I
ivent to the desefied box office, with
its horse shoes and j;ilent telephone and
found Mrs. Kreling with j. tear in one
eye and a Emile^n the other.
It was. however, Mr. Leahy, who is
"Doc," that I wished to see, -?n<? to him
I am Indebted for t3ie following gossip
about the famous little house.
The Tivoli's lnc«?J>tion was j*a remark
able as Its subsequent history. In the
early *70's a young man. Joe Kreling- by
years old, came here, Joe Kr»ling by
name, and music-struck by nature. His
father was here before him, and th^v
came from Germany. He very shortly
conceived the idea, that San Francisco
would stand for a^permanent musical
entertainment, and to thsa r.nd engaged
the old Bowie place, J Sutter anc*
Stockton streets. This— known among
the children as "haunted" — Kreling re
modeled and opened In 1874 -under the
title of "The Vienna Gardens." This
venture was immediately
The crowds soon overflOrwed J the plac-?.
Then came the question of new quar
ters, and in 1878 work on the new
place — now the "old Tivoll" — began&It
wai opened in 1879 by the Krellng
brothers, "William Krellng having
joined his brother in the meantime.
The first attraction at the new thea
ter "was the Vienna Ladles' orchestra,
and afterward there were concerts
given by the "Spanish Students," a dis
tinguished band of mandollnlsts, guit
arists and such, that were stranded
here on their way from Mexico. The
house was then something on the order
of the old Fischer's, the lower floor a
cafe, but almost immediately Joe Krel
lng began to realize his ultimate dream,
opera. Little more than a year after
ward the Tivoll gave the first produc
tion of "Pinafore" with one of
the half-dozen "Pinafore" companies
stranded out here, the opera running
for 104 consecutive nights!
Of course after that the policy of the
house was assured, and since that time,
nearer six than five hundred operas
have been given, embracing all classes.
At the beginning this meant tremen
dous effort for the promoters, "Joe" ln
particular. His daily programme of
work makes the eight-hour day look
like a picnic He would be found in
the box-office all day, taking charge of
the bar in th« evening, after the per
formances translating German, French
and Italian operas into English for
the company until 2 or 3 o'clock in the
morning.
But Mr. Krellng got his desire, though
he undoubtedly paid for It with his
life. The TIvoll became famous, and is
still unique among operatic institutions.
And what things they used to do in
those old days! One finds In the list of
their productions colossal things like
Mozart's "Magic Flute," the "Don Gio
vanni," "William , Tell," "L'Afrlcaine,"
"Der Frelschutz." Again there are
all the operas that Herr Conried
elves now at the celebrated Irving
¦ (two 'lines): Carmen. Bizet; Gioconda,
PoncJiielll (two times); Pagliaccl. Leon
cavallo; Cavnlle^ja. Mascagni; Mignon.
Thomas; Faust. Gounod; Flying Dutch
man (two times); Hupruenots, Meyerbeer;
RikolF*to, -Verdi: Bohemian Girl. Balfe;
The ueisha, Sidney Jones; Rip Van
WinkJe. Planqueite; Mother Goose, se
. lectedi ' y *->¦
. 7898.:
Brian Boru, EJwardes: J»earl of Pekln.
Lecocq & Kerker; Say Pasha. Stahl; The
Vl^e Admiral. Milloecker; The Geisha.
Sidney Jones; Widow O'Brien, selected;
F.oh«*mlan Gi \ Balfe (two times); Sin
bad' the bailor, sekcted; Wang. Morse;
Ship Ahoy. Dorneliy & Miller; The Pos
ter, Wilson & Packard; The Privateer,
Flanquette; All Baba, Lecocq (two
times'* ..
(June 2? -Closed on account of death
Of Charles Krause Sr.)
Boccaccio, Suppe.-Th* MBcarlo, Sullivan;
Fatinitza, Suppe; Bells oiJ. Corneville;
Planquttte: The Beggar Student, Mill
oecker; Aidi^ Verdi: Lucia. Donizetti;
Faust, Gounod;; Trovatore. Verdi (two
times)', Lohen£.-in. Wagner; La Gio
conda; fonchi^Ui; Mijrnon, Thomas: Cav
allerla. Rusticana, Mascagni :. Pagliaccl.
LeonertvaW, Kjgoletto, Verdi; Lucretla
Borgia, Donizetti: Carmen, Bizet: La
Traviata, * Verdi: Queen -of Sheba. Gold
mark (two times); Marrha. Flotow; Ro
meo, and Juliet. Gounod; Circus Queen.
Lecocq i'wo t»n.£3>: Crirofle-Girofla, Le
cocq (two time.' 1 ; Grand Duchess. Offen
bach: Suzetf. Os»car Weil: Cyrano de
Bergerac, Roitanu; Mascot, Audran; Yel
low Dw<vf, sheeted.
1898,
Wedding Da;«, Edwards; La Perichole,
Offenbach; Suzette. Oscar Weil; Made
. lalne, Edwar.is: La Belle Helene, Offen
bach* (tw« times); Pretty Poachers. Oscar
Weil; MlKado, SulUvan (two times):
•The Bohemian Girl, Balfe (two timesV.
Golden Lock-*,: selected; Little Trooper.
Klrker; Ttn.* Geisha, Sidney Jones;
Ofpheus and Eurydice. Offenbach; (two
'timers); The Mandarin. De Koven &
Smith; The Merry War. ¦ Strauss; Ln
Fllle de' Madame Angot, Lecocq; The
Brigands, Offenbach. SJiamus O'Brien.
Villiers; Blue Beard, burlesque; Wang.
M"ftr<e» Lucia.- Donizetti; II Trovatore.
Verdi (two times); Faust. Gounod: Fide
lio. Beethoven: Cav|"Ueri»- Rusticana,
Mascagni (five t>;r>cs): Pagliaccl. Leonca
vallo (five tlmW-: La Gioconda, Pon
chle'li: Rlgol^.to. Verdi; Carmen. Bizet
(two times); atonvso and Juliet, Gounod;
Lohengrin, Wagner; Otello, Verdi (four
times); Martha, Flotow: Aida, Verdi
(three tbpfs); Satanella. Balfe; Verdi
night. VercM; "Sraanl, Verdi (two times);
Fra Diavolo, Auber; L'Africaine, Meyer
beer • (two -times); The Black Cloaks.
Biicalos"*!; Patience. Sullivan; Un Ballo
ln Mascherp. \>rdl (two times); Mari
tnna, Wallace; Vhe Koolah. Lecocq; The
Tar and. Tartar, Itzd Jr.; Bo Peep, ex
travacfaTjza.
(December 'l-S— Closed for renovating.
decorating' et».) : '
igoo.
Idol's Eye, Victor Herbert: Manila
Lr.'jcq; Bohemian Girl. Balfe;
Wizard of the Nile. Victor Herbert;
Three Gua'*3smen. Varney; Madelalne.
Edwards; The Geisha, Sidney Jones;
Wang. Molse; Lucia. Donizetti (two
tinys); Qtel~3. Verdi (three times);
Rigoletto. * Verdi (two times); Tann
hauser. Wagner " ("three times); Mig
non. Thomas (three times); Un Ballo in
Mascbera. Verdi; Ernani. Verdi (two
ttmeir; Carmen. Bizet (six times); Cav
allerla Rusticana. Mascagni (two times);
Pagliacci. Leoncavallo (two times); Faust.
Gounod (two ilmes) : II Trovatore. Verdi
(two time;); n Baxbiere. Rossini (two
times): Le* Huguenots. Meyerbeer; The
.iBwess, Halt^y (two times): Verdi night.
Verdi; La Gioconda. Ponchielll; Alda,
, Verdi (two times); Jolly Musketeer, ;
Cinderella, extravaganza.
* 1901. •*.-* -*>
The Fencing Master. : Nell Gwynne,
Planquet^e; Wizard aof the Nile, Her
bert; Wedding ? Day, Edwards; The
Idol's Eye., Herbert: s The Toy Maker.
Audran {two, times); Babes In the
"Woods, extravaganza; Alda. Verdi; Rlgo
letto, Verdi; II Trova tore. Verdi; Lucia,
Donizetti; La Favorlta. Donizetti; Otello.
Verdi; II Banblere. Rossini; Meflstofele.
Boito;' Norma, Bellini (two times); Mig
non, Thomas; Faust. Gounod (two
times); Carmen. Bizet (five times).
.(September 14 — Closed on account of
death of President McKinley.)
(September 19 — Closed on account of
funeral of President McKinley.)
Nabucco, Verdi (two times); Cavallerla.
MascStjml (two times) : Pagltacci. Leonca
vallo (two times): Masked Ball. Verdi:
Verdi night. Verdi; Ernanl. Verdi: La
Boheme. Puccini (two times); Mr. Stein
dorff Testimonial; Pollard Opera Com
pany; Red Riding Hood, extravaganza,
1902.
The Toy Maker, Audran (three times):
Ameer. Rankln-La Shelle-Herbert; Sere
nade, Srnilh-Herbert (three times); For
tune Teller, Smith-Herbert; Singing Girl,
Smlth-Stange-Herbert;' Idol's Eye. Her
bert (two times); Alda. Verdi; Lucia, Don
izetti (two times); Favorlta. Donizetti
(two times): Carmen, Bizet (eight tlmea*;
Norma, Bellini (two times); La Boheme.
Puccini (three times): II Trovatore. Verdi
(two times); Lucre tia Borgia. Donizetti;
Rigoletto^Verdl: Otello, Verdi; Gioconda,
Ponchlelll;' Traviata, Verdi: Faust,
Gounod; Barber of ' Seville. Ros
sini; Cavallcrla (Mascagni) and Pag
liaccl (Leoncavallo) ; Don Pasquale, Don
izetti; Verdi o night, Verdi; Andre
Chenier. Giordano (three times): MIgnon.
Thomas; Unda dl Chammmlx. Donizetti;
Tosca, Puccini (two times): Martha. Flo
tow (two times); StelndorJT Testimonial;
Fra Diavolo, Auber; Verdi night. Verdi;
Jack and the Beanstalk, extravaganza.
1903.
Mikado. Sullivan (two times): Patience,
Sullivan; Iol.onthe, Sullivan (two times);
Pinafore. Sullivan (two times); Car
men. BUct (four times); La Eoheme
(three times); Daughter of the Regiment;
Fatlnitza; Toy Maker; Wang (two times);
El Capttan; Isla of Champagne; Made
laine; The Highwayman ; Aida; Lucia:
Faust; Rigoletto: H Trovatore (three
times); La Sonnambula; The Barber:
Otello- Mignon: Cavallerla Rusticana
(two times) ;. Pagliaccl (two times; The
Masked Ball: La Favorlta: La Tosca;
Zaza; I Puritan! : \erdl night
There is a useful little music sheet
rapidly coming to the fore In the Musi
cal Review, whose birthday I had oc
casion to mention some short while
ago. The little monthly is keeping well
up to the standard set by Its editors,
and in spite of a somewhat artless con
sciousness of its own value and naive
belief In the unworth of all that i9 not
its, yet "fills a long-felt want." The
magazine takes in all of the Califor
nlan news of . importance, discusses
brightly the questions of the hour and
should be read by all interested in
music. It Is, • besides, attractively
made. up. printed clearly and centrally
up-to-date.
THE SAK FEAKC1SCO CALL, SUNDAY, KOTKMBER 29, 11)03,
WITH THE PLAYERS AND THE MUSIC FOLK
18The monthly meeting of the ladles'
auxiliary to California Commandery of
the , Knights Templar, held in Euto
pia Hall, Elks' building, on the third
Wednesday in November was marked
by the return to the association ; of
Mrs. Martn Jones, the organizer of the
auxiliary and its first president, who
had absented herself for quite a Ions
Commandery's .Auxiliary.
Great Sachem Samuels paid an of
ficial visit last week to the Monadnock
Tribe In Mission Opera Hall, and
among other things witnessed the ef
ficiency, of the. -chiefs in conferring the.
Shenandoah Tribe of the Improved
Order of Red Men will soon adopt a
class of thirty palefaces at Pinole. The
chiefs of the tribe are perfecting them
selves in the new ritual Jn order to
present it In a faultless manner.
The Red Men.
George H. Thomas Circle No. 32. La
dles of the Grand Army of the Repub
lic, had a very enjoyable meeting in
Elks' Hall on the third Tuesday in No
vember. There was an entertaining
programme of music and papers apper
taining to historical events In the Civil
War, which was greatly appre
ciated by all, after which tea was
served to give the ladies an opportun
ity to chat and become acquainted
with a number of members recently
a^dmittea by, initiation, _
Grand Army Ladies.
The several lodges In this city are
taking in a few candidates each. Just
to keep the officers in practice in the
initiatory work.
The advisory board of the Knights
of Honor held a meeting last week and
It made arrangements for the sending
out of special organizers for the pur
pose of propagating the order in vari
ous parts of the Jurisdiction of Cali
fornia. When these shall have been
started along the line laid out for them
to 'follow something will be done for
the purpose of inaugurating a cam
paign In San Francisco.
Knights of Honor.
Grand Outside Sentinel Bert Levy re
ports that all the parlors of Lake Coun
ty are flourishing.
The nineteenth social and entertain
ment of the Native Sons' literary and
social committee given November 24
under the auspices of California Par
lor was a brilliant affair. The attend
ance was very large - and the pro
gramme of entertainment was a
pleasing one. The members of the
committees were all members of the
drum and bugle corps of the parlor
and appeared on the floor in their neat
uniforms. T. E. Bailey was the floor
manager, and members of the commit
tees were: D. Shaw, F. Hobro, Al, Ho
bro, J. J. Neubarth, George~Hammond,
J. F. Mitchell, J. Bowen, Theo Forbes,
Gus Pollock, Myles Jackson and J. F.
Robinson.
California Parlor, will elect officers
Grand President McNoble was in this
city last week on official business.
Emelio Lastreto, a zealous worker in
the ranks of the Native Sons of the
Golden West, and who has been prom
inent in the councils of the subordinate
and grand parlors, has on account of
continued ill health resigned from the
committee on laws of subordinates and
will be absent from the city for an in
definite period, in the hope of regaining
his health.
Native Sons.
At the last held meeting of Memorial
Lodge of the- Ancient Order of United
Workmen the membership was ad
dressed by Recorder Schaffner and
Financier Hoffman on' the. subject of
the changes that have been made in
the laws of the order regulating assess
ments, and what they said had a very
perceptible effect on the listeners.
Grand Master Workman Browning
has accepted an Invitation to visit the
lodge at Stockton in a few days, when
there will be an entertainment and a
banquet. The grand master will de
liver an address.
The meeting of Magnolia Lodge on
the fourth Monday in November was
the largest that has been held in
months. After a number of addresses
there was a vote of confidence in the
order,
Superior Lodge has consolidated with
Valley Lodge.
Grand Recorder Spencer will pay an
official visit to the lodge In Gridley
during the month of December. .
The members of the San Francisco
extension committee paid a visit No
vember 24 to Triumph ' Lodge, and the
visitors were pleasantly received. The
membership of ,the visited lodge was
considerably enthused by the elouent
address of David S. Hirshberg, the
president of the committee.
It is reported at headquarters that
there is a noticeable change of feeling
in the membership of the State* in the
The Workmen.
programme. N
Court Raymond on the evening of
November 21 had a grand reunion of
members and had as special guest
Permanent Secretary Falconer. After
an hour of general chat, during which
the members renewed acquaintances,
there was a banquet and speeches for
two hours. ¦
Past Chief Ranger James Filner of
Court Endeavor of Brentford, Canada,
was In this city last week and called
upon the permanent secretary to obtain
information about the order In this
State.
George Thomson, a prominent mem
ber of the order in Winnipeg, Is in
this State to pass the winter and escape
the rigor of the climate of his home.
The Juvenile Court, of this city has
arranged for a Christmas party in the
HZ hall of the A. O. F. building on
the night of December 18.
Court Analy of Sebastopol. at its last
meeting, initiated four strangers. It
is making extensive arrangements to
receive the high chief ranger on the
occasion of his official visit.
The high chief ranger and the Past
Chief Rangers' Association of .this city
paid a visit last week to Court Amer
ica.
The supreme grand officers of the
Companions of the Forest paid a visit
on November 27 to America Circle in
the Mission Masonic Hall in this city,
and the following night they were with
Sunshine Circle.
The turkey raffle and dance given by
Loyal Circle in the A. O. F. building
on November 24 was one of the great
est successes ever given by that circle.
There was a: great deal of sport in
drawing for the turkeys that were of
fered. There was a le'ngthy programme
of dances. Fred Zimmermann was the
master of ceremonies ana the commit
tee that had charge of the affair was:
Mrs. Gf roererV Mrs. Harvey, \ Mrs. Eb-»
The entertainment that was recently
given by Court University in Berkeley
was well attended despite 'the state of
the weather. There was a pleasing pro
gramme of music, songs and literary
numbers and selections by the Juvenile
Foresters' Band. Dancing followed the
Ancient Foresters.
time on account of illness. During the
business session Mrs. William Crocker
and Mrs. Lizzie Atwood, wife of Dr.
W. A. Atwood and matron of Olive
Branch Chapter of the Order of the
Eastern Star, were admitted to mem
bership by initiation. During the so
cial session Mrs. Howard Barbler and
Mrs. A. A. Badkin were the hostesses.
Vice President Mrs. S. A. McDonnell
in a very- pleasant speech welcomed
home again the first president, Mrs.
Martin Jones, Introduced her to the
members, a number of whom had been
initiated since her forced absence for
the reason stated, and congratulated
her on her recovery. Mrs. Jones re
sponded happily and expressed her
great pleasure at being able to be with
"her girls" again. President Mrs; Wil
liam Roderick Jones, Mrs. T. Byron de
Witt and Mrs. Timothy J. Crowley sur
prised the ladies present by presenting
a Thanksgiving plum pudding, decorat
ed with sprigs of red berries. Each
lady received a Japanese basket filled
with choice candles as a reminder of
the occasion.' Then followed a dainty
collation. The next event of the auxil
iary will be an at home to all the la
dles of the members of California Com
manderyNo. 1. Those who enjoyed the
Eutopian Hall meeting were Mrs. W.
R. Jones, president; Mrs. S. A. McDon
ell, vice president; Mrs. Val Schmidt,
second vice president; Mrs. W. H. Mar
tenstein, secretary; Miss Mary J.
Bragg, assistant secretary; Mrs. J. F.
Logan, treasurer; Mrs. A. A. Badkin,
Mrs. Howard F. Barbier, Mrs. George
tV. Bennett, Mrs. A. M. Cox, Mrs. Tim
othy. J. Crowley, Mrs. H. Damkroe
ger, Mrs. T. B. de Witt, Mrs. George
H. Dyer, Mrs. P. F. Ferguson, Mrs. J.
F. Fraser, Mrs. H. T. Graves, Mrs.
Isaac Grant, Mrs. George Brown, Mrs.
Gates, Mrs.. We.tt, Mrs. George Haas,
Mrs. H. E. Holmss. Mrs. A. Hromada,
Mrs. T. Henderson, Mrs. C. F. Hum
phry, Mrs. M. Johnson, Mrs. Julius
Lowe, Mrs. F. D. Marsh, Mrs. H. Mc-
Junken, Mrs. C. C. Morehouse, Miss
Elizabeth Murray, Mrs. H. D. Nichols,
Mrs. George . H. Newman, Mrs. R. L.
Radke, Miss Eva Powell, Mrs. J. Il
Prior, Mrs. C. : W. Taber, Mrs. George
Wittman, Mrs. James Young,. 'Mrs.
John' Fraser Mclntosh, Mrs. Maundrell,
Mrs. J. P. Jaegling, Mrs. T. P. Ross,
Mrs. William " Koenig^ Mrs. R. w,
The ladles' night given by Stanford
Parlor November 23 in Native Sons'
Hall, while not a full dress affair, was
a most delightful one. An excellent
programme was presented and there
was dancing for two hours; John J.
Van Nostrand was the floor manager
and Jay T. Nash his assistant.
Grand Organizer Mocker reports that
Fresno Parlor is arranging for a large
class initiation.
By special request Grand Secretary
Lunsfedt addressed Precita Parlor of
this city upon matters that they wished
to be "put next to."
Grand President McNoble visited
Watsonville Parlor No. 65 last week.
He was accompanied by the following
named grand officers: Past Grand Pres
ident Mattlson, Past Grand President
Bylngton, Grand Secretary Lunstedt,
Grand Inside Sentinel Hayden and
Grand Trustees Dooling and Barker.
Rincon Parlor will celebrate the
eighteenth anniversary of its institu
tion by a grand ball in Native Sons'
Hall December 9. • ¦ ¦
Grand Trustee C. E. Jarvis was pres
ent-at a Thanksgiving ball given No
vember 26 by Monterey Parlor. The
function was under the direction of
W. E. Bergschicker, J. H. Ingraham
and Samuel Goldstein. l v .';,
for the ensuing term at the meeting of
December 2.
George W. Gerhard of Dolores Parlor
has been appointed by the grand presi
dent a member of the Grand Parlor
committee on laws of subordinates,
vice Lasreto, resigned.
Grand Trustee Mooser escaped from
the snowy barriers in the northern
counties and reports that all the par
lors in his district, which includes
Shasta, Tehama, Trinity and Sisklyou
counties, with one exception are doing
well. He expresses himself as exceed
ingly well pleased with the progress
of McCloud Parlor.
Arrangements are being made for the
extension of this order In different por
tions of the State, which, according to
the supreme body, are not proscritmd"
territory. This order will not take can
didates from a district where there ap
pears from the records to be a high
rate of mortality. It is claimed that
by reason of that precaution the death
rate in 'the order does not exceed five
per thousand out of a membership of
710,000.
Goodfellowshlp Camp of the Modern
Woodmen of America, recently Insti
tuted in this city with about eighty
charter members, has been advancing
remarkably well and has now a mem
bership of 120. Under the supervision
of District Deputy Head Consul Hubert
V. Rees the camp is being instructed
in the initiatory work and business
methods and It is profiting by the In
structions given. At the meeting held
November 23 the camp received two
additions to membership, the candi
dates being given the short initiatory
form. The camp has set aside two
meeting nights for giving the Initiatory
degree in the long form and at the
meeting of December 7 tne degree will
be conferred in the amplified form on
several candidates.
Modern Woodmen.
PERSONS FROMINENT IN FRATERNITIES
M. Vincent, one of the most active
district deputies of the Interior, called
on the grand secretary last week.
On the evening of November 2* there
was an official visit by the noble grand
arch to Benicia Grove.
During the first half of December the
noble grand arch will make visits as
follows: To Norma Grove, San Fran
cisco, December 4; Aurora Grove, San
Francisco. December 8; Seigel, San
Francisco, and Eureka groves, in Joint
session, December 9; Mount Tamalpais
Grove, San Rafael, December 10; Santa
Rosa and Sempione groves, In joint ses
sion, at Santa Rosa, December 11, and
Sunset Grove, San Francisco, Decem
ber 14.
The ladies of the Druidesses commit
tee that have charge of the class in
itiation that is to be held in this city
in Union Square Hall, December 16,
have had a number of drills and have
arranged to perfection the floor work
and the ceremony that is to take place
at the time that the grand officers are
to be received and welcomed. On the
evening of December 6 the committee
of arrangements for the class Initiation
will give a grand entertainment and
ball in Washington Square Hall, and
in view of the fact that all the local
groves have been Interested in this so
cial function it i3 likely that it will
be the greatest Druldlc gathering that
has ever been known in this city. There
will be many attractive features In the
hall on that occasion presented under
the auspices of the several circles of
this city. ' y ,:
Past Noble Grand Arch Buck of
Redwood City has just recovered from
a severe attack of Illness.
The official visit of Noble Grand Arch
Beck and Grand Secretary Martlnoni
to Oakland Grove of the United Ancient
Order of Druids was marxed by the ad
dresses of the visitors for the good of
the ord,er. Dr. de Bryune of this city
and C. Pizzola of Roma Grove of Oak
land were among_the prominent vis
itors.
Druidism.
The membership of the several courts
of the California Jurisdiction are work-
Ing to secure a number of generous
prizes that the Supreme Court of the
order has offered.
The installation of the officers for
the ensuing term In this city will be
by the board of deputies. An effort
will be made to have all tne courts that
meet the same night have their officers
installed Jointly.
Court Golden Gate and Companion
Court Golden Gate will give a Joint
masquerade ball In Franklin Hall on
the night of December 3. From the
arrangements that have already been
made It looks as If that event will be
one of the greatest successes that any
court has ever arranged for on that line
in this city.
High Vice Chief Ranger Stewart has
for the past two weeks been actively
engaged in organizing companion
courts of the order, one In Oakland,
another In Berkeley and a third In Sac
ramento. These will be Instituted be
fore the end of the year.
The board of San Francisco deputies
has completed its arrangements for
the theater party it will give. Febru
ary 12 is the date and the Central
Theater the place. The tickets will be
ready for distribution In a tcvt days.
Independent Foresters.
The new tribe, Calumet, organized by
Dr. C. M. Troppmann. the "big Injin"
who up to last Monday had already se
cured ninety-eight names to the peti
tion for a charter, will be instituted by
the great chiefs on December 14.
Ouray Tribe of San Jose at a recent
meeting adopted seventy palefaces in
the presence of Great Sachem Samuels
and Great Chief of Records Bliss. The
work was by a team of Manhattan
Tribe of the same city. Birch Rutan,
who brought in forty of the strangers,
was presented a fine gold watch In
recognition of his work.
Manzanita Council of the Degree of
Pocahontas gave a most enjoyable so
cial in its hall in the Odd Fellows'
building last week. The programme
included the singing of "The Village by
the Sea." illustrated with stereopticon
views; Dr. Clinton and J. Bell demon
strated how amateurs play the trom
bone; Miss Ward rendered "Maybe," a
vocal solo; Harry Baker entertained
with comic sayings; Little Girle pleased
with a child song, after which there
was dancing, and there was a surprise
in the nature of electrical effects and
also moonlight effects while the
dancers were moving to the sound of
the music. The affair was under the
direction of a committee of which Miss
May Conroy was the chairman. W.
Winters acted as floor manager. This
council, which is credited with being
one of the progressive ones in this city,
has demonstrated that it is not behind
in social functions.
Walla Walla Tribe and Kaweeah
Council of the Degree of Pocahontas
gave a joint masquerade ball In Native
Sons' Hall last night.
chiefs degree. There were present
many members of the tribe and a large
number of visiting members of the
order.
Willopi and Awashtee Tribes will
have a co-mpetitive drill in the adoption
degree on the evening of December 7 in
the hall of White Eagle Tribe at Twen
tj'-fourth street and Potrero avenue.
District Deputy Great Sachem Albert
Hausmann is drilling the team of Arap
ahoe and Frank Ralph of Awashtee Is
drilling the team of Willopi.
There is also to be a competition be
tween a team of Yosemite and one of
Miantonomah Tribe during the early
part of December. At a competition
between teams of this tribe some time
since Yosemite was declared the win
ner by half a point.
S. A. McCollom of Tomkeete Tribe of
Salinas called on Great Chief of Rec
ords Bliss last week and stated that
that tribe is arranging for the adoption
of a large class of palefaces on the oc
casion of his official visit during the
latter part of December.
A new tribe of Red Men is being or
ganized at Paso Robles.
During the recent visit of Grand
Master Baker to Willows, where he
vas accompanied by Grand Secretary
Ehaw, nine strangers were presented
lor initiation in the Odd Fellows' lodge
there. At Orland three Btrangers were
initiated and at the close of the work
there was a banquet at which the ladies
cf the Rebekah lodge of That place
were the fjuests of the visited lodgre.
As a general rule the ladies of the
Rebekah lodges have furnished the
banquet to the subordinate whenever
there was an official visitation, but on
this occasion the ladies nad nothing
whatever to do, said Grand Secretary
Ehaw, "but to look pretty, eat and say
rice things about the Odd Fellows,
when called upon to do so, by the
toastmaster."
Canton No. 5 of the Patriarchs Mili
tant will have a banquet on Decem
ber S.
Unity Encampment conferred the
Golden Rule degree on -the evening of
November 24 and elected officers for
the ensuing term.
Grand Master Baker will pay an of
ficial visit to Morse Lodge in this city
on the evening of December 2.
From the preparations that have been
rnade by Loyal Rebekah Lodge the
presentation of "the only original Mrs.
Jarley's wax works, imported direct
from Lun'un for the occasion," so says
the programme, will be the most in
teresting affair that this progressive
end very active lodge has ever present
ed for the entertainment of its friends.
The programme further states that
"unprincipled persons have Imposed
bogus wax works on the people, but
thr-se are the Simon pure articles and
v.ill include Little Jack Homer, Sim
!•> Simon, Grace Darling, Squalling
& hreechinL the Goddess Flora and the
chamber of horrors." The affair will
he in charge of Maud E. Barney, vice
grand; Lillie Carren,- noble grand;
K<.!a M. Cyrus, Thursey Barrett. Tll
li« Craig, J. Carren and J. P. Barney.
The minstrel show by Jubilee Rebe
kah Lodge in Scottish-American Hall
December 11 promises to be a great
success.
The fifty-one inmates at the Odd Fel
lows' Home at Gilroy enjoyed an ex
cellent Thanksgiving dinner with tur
key, mince and pumpkin pies, last
Thursday.
Captain Allie Parker, commanding
the Rebekah drill team of this city,
will entertain the members of the team
at a dinner at her home, 202% Ninth
street, on the evening of December 3.
On the third Saturday in November
Walhalla Rebekah Lodge conferred the
degree upon two candidates. After the
routine of business on December 5 the
lodge, under the direction of the so
cial committee. Mrs. Bertha Proll, Mrs.
Petersen, Miss Grenlger and Fred
Liebe, will give an entertainment and
dance, when a first-class programme
of vaudeville numbers will be present
ed. In addition there will be a fish
pond. Mrs. Alma L Jensen, president
of the California Assembly, will pay
the lodge an official visit on the even
ing of December 12, and on the even
ing of December 19 the lodge will have
its German Kris Kringle and Christ
mas time Jollification, to be followed
by a banquet.
The wedding of Miss Jennie F.
Wright and Fred A. Tanner, both of
Loyal Rebekah Lodge, took place at
the home of the parents of the bride,
SSI Fulton street, November 18, in the
presence of relatives. The marriage
was solemnized by the Rev. J. S. Thom
as of the Howard Presbyterian Church.
After the ceremony there was an ex
cellent wedding supper. The young
couple left the next day for a tour of
the southern part of the State and
after December 18 they will be at home
to their friends at 881 Fulton street.
Odd Fellowship.
The Companions of the Forest of
America will hold .a meeting in this city
December 4 in the Alcazar building for
the purpose of arranging for another
large class initiation with the idea of
making it greater than the one of the
previous year. The call for the meet-'
ing is signed by Grand Chief Compan
ion Mrs. Krimminger and Grand Finan
cial Secretary Miss Bremer.
The grand chief companion has is
sued a strong circular letter to all the
circles of the order in the State, urging
renewed effort in the interest of the or
ganization.
On the evening of November 27 there
was tendered a general reception in the
assembly hall of the Alcazar building
to Mrs. Lizzie Atwood to congratulate
her upon her re-election to the office of
supreme sub-chief companion, and to
Companion John J. Cordy to congratu
late him on his appointment as deputy
supreme chief companion for California,
the first time that that honor has been
conferred on a California companion.
There was a large attendance of the
members of the order in this city and
others from near-by cities. The guests
of the evening were welcomed by Past
Grand Chief Companion Mrs. M. A.
Duke, who dwelt upon the untiring
work of Mrs. Atwood for the order and
her desire in every position she has
occupied to advance it. She also had
kind words for Companion Cordy.
After a by each, Past Grand
chief companion- Miss Alice Ticoulet, on
behalf of all who joined in the recep
tion, presented the supreme sub-chief
several pieces of crystal ware, to serve
as a constant reminder of the occasion,
after which Miss Bremer, grand finan
cial secretary, presented Companion
Cordy, on behalf of the same contribu
tors for the same reason, a beautiful
suit case. There were other congratu
latory remarks by prominent members
of the order, after which there was
dancing. Refreshments were served
The affair was arranged by Past Grand
Chief Companions Mrs. Duke, Mrs.
Emma A. Harrington, Agnes D. Brem
er and Mrs. H. Worms, assisted by Ja
cob Label, editor of the American For
ester Review.
American Companions.
Smith, Miss Dorothy Smith, Mrs. East
man and Mrs. G. E* Dorn. ' #
McKinley Company of the Uniform
Rank paid a fraternal visit on the
evening of November 24 to Jefferson
Company of the same rank.
Golden Gate Temple of the Rathbone
Sisters was entertained at a card party
at the residence of Mr. and Mrs. James
E. Elkington, on Albion avenue, last
week. Progressive whist was the game,
and the lady's first prize went to Mrs.
L. Bruce, and M. Pratt was awarded
the gentleman's first prize. The booby
prizes were awarded to Mrs. Bartholder
and P. Bruce. Vocal and instrumental
music followed cards and a collation
was served. Among those who con
tributed to the pleasure of the evening
were MlS3 Lois Parsons and Fred Wal
ters.
The official visit of the grand chan
cellor to Roma Lodge was a delightful
fraternal event. The head of the, order
was received with a most flattering
welcome, and after the business of the
evening was over there was a banquet,
at which there were addresses by the
grand chancellor and other grand of
ficers. G. CaEigaris was the toastmas
ter.
The ceremonial session of the D. O.
K. K. has been postponed until Decem
ber 2. The bullshead breakfast, which
was to follow the session and was to
have been given at Colma, will not be
given until after New Year's day.
F. Barruch has presented the Ox
nard company of the Uniform Rank a
beautiful American flag.
A new lodge of the Knights of Pyth
ias was instituted last week at Paso
Robles. It has been named Paso Ro
bles and given 14 as its number. There
were present at the institution Grand
Chancellor B. V. Sargent, Orand Keep
er of Records and Seal Schaffner and
Colonel Thomas A. Nerney, • besides
members of the order from a number of
places in the immediate vicinity. J. C.
Brown was chosen chancellor com
mander and F. W. Henry keeper of
records and seal. H. C. Bagby of Santa
Maria was instrumental in organizing
the new subordinate and assisted at the
institution.
Pythianism.
The officers of King Solomon Chap
ter will be installed in Golden Gate
Hall December 8.
Past Grand Patron Lyman C. Byce
on the fourth Monday in November in-
Etalled the officers of San Rafael Chap
ter in the presence of a large number
of members of the order. The installa
tion was followed by a banquet in hon
or of the retiring and new officers.
Starr King Chapter will Install Its
officers on December 1, Golden Gats
Chapter on the 3d, King Solomon Chap
ter on the 8th and Beulah on the 14th.
Harmony Chapter has elected the fol
lowing named as officers for the ensu
ing term: Virginia Lee Lewis, ma
tron; Frank Kerrigan* patron; May
Frances Carter, associate matron; Eva
M. Hare Garrison, secretary; Ruthe
Chandler, treasurer; Carrie Lucas,
conductress, and Emllie Crackborn, as
sociate conductress.'
Olive Branch Chapter at Its meeting
on last Monday was presided over for
the last time by the present matron
and patron, Mrs. and Dr. W. A. At
wood, as at the next meeting they will
retire with well earned honors. Four
strangers were Initiated in that per
fect manner for which this chapter
during the last twelve months has been
noted. The work was witnessed by a
large number of non-members of the
chapter, who were loud in their praises
of the matron and patron and the other
officers. After the work there was a
spread. The new officers of this chap
ter will be installed on the evening of
December 14 in Stelnway Hall In the
Elks' building.
San Francisco Chapter will close its
present term to-morrow night with a
social evening.
The Eastern Star.
During the current month Terba
Puer.a Chapter of Rose Crolx. A. and
A. S- R- M., conferred the fifteenth,
Fixt^enth. seventeenth and eighteenth
degrees on a class of ellgibles for pro
motion. ThJs was done with all the
pplendor of the rite in the Masonic
Temple under the immediate supervis
ion of Harry Joseph Lask, most wise
end perfect master, with the assistance
of the officers, the chapter's quartet
end Miss Millie Flynn, Miss Adline E.
Birchler. Charles L. Goetting, S. Homer
Henley and J. H. Pratt.
Godfrey de St. Omar Council. Knights
Kadorh, A. and A. S. R. M.. conferred
the thirtieth decree In full form upon
a class of forty in the Masonic Temple
In a manner that never before was ex
celled In this city for impressiveness
end beauty of work. George Varcoe
was the preceptor. After the beautiful
ceremony there was the presentation
of a rich Jewel to Charles L. Patton,
who after twelve years' service retired
from the office of commander of the
council.
Major George Filmer, commander of
the Arab Patrol, a prominent member
of the Masonic fraternity and well
known in the Native Sons of the Golden
"West, and one of the representative
young fraternal men of the Ume. one
of the progressive class, has announced
himself as a candidate for the office
of potentate of Islam Temple of the
Mystic Shriners. He will have for op
ponent R. P. Hurlburt, who has already
held that office. It is expected that the
contest will be a spirited one.
bitts, Mrs. Prltchard, Mrs. Large and
Mrs. Krone. This lodge, one of the
most active of the Companions of the
Forest, will give a Christmas tree party
Saturday, December 12.
Excelsior Lodge had a very pleasant
entertainment In Excelsior Hall, on Mis
sion street, on the evening of the fourth
Wednesday in November. There were
addresses for the good of the order,
songs and a fine exhibition of stereop
ticon views.
Forget-Me-Not Lodge of the Degree
of Honor will give a social In the Ruby
Hall of the Red Men's building on the
night of December 5.
matter of the new rates of assessment,
that are to go Into effect In January
next.
THE SA!N FBAKOISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 29, 1903.
ECHOES FROM THE LODGE ROOM
19WELL-KNOWN HOSTESSES WHO MAKE THE SEASON PLEASANT FOR BUDS AND BACHELORS
The Hamadryas in the zoo is —or are
The Alcazar offers this week "A Roy
al Prisoner," a Russian romance.
The new Tivoli will open with the
Christmas piece, D. V. V;- ;^ "r>v
INTERESTING PLAYS
AT THE THEATERS
¦¦ That much heralded product of local
genius, "I. O. U.," will make its first ap
pearance on any stage to-morrow even
ing at Fischer's. The author of the
burlesque- prefers to^ remain unknown,
but the musical setting was made by
Dr. H. J. Stewart. The management
has spread itself on the production.
At the Columbia to-night will be
given by "the Alameda Lustspiel En
semble; the famous comedy "Im.Weis
sen Roessl" ("At the White Horse Tav
ern"). The affair is under the direction
of Arthur Becker, j and the cast will be
headed by Josephine . Lafontaine-Neck
haus and Adolph Schubert, and prom
ises to be very interesting.
To-morrow evening the pastoral, play,
"Way Down East" will be revived at
the Columbia, with . a cast said to be
good. The play was received with con
siderable favor on its former appear
ance here. -• ?Xj-'&'i
The "private secretary of vaudeville,"
Hal Godfrey, in "A Very Bad Boy," is
the Orpheum's lead this week.: Others
new are Agnes Mahr, Clarice Vance
and Joseph Newman." '
• - • . • •
"Midnight in Chinatown," at the Cen
tral, gives way to-moljow evening to
the successful melodrama, "The Coun
terfeiters." ¦ ¦ ¦ ;
The California has a success of the
old time sort in "At the Old Cross
Roads" and will continue the bill.
This afternoon's matinee at the' Grand
Opera-house will introduce an electrical
wonder In "Over Niagara Falls."
— chief attraction at the Chutes j this
week.
' Fantasle, D minor (Mozart) ; Fantasie. E
minor (Cecil Cowles): Impromijtu (Cecil
Cowles: Fugue. Op. 5. No. 3 (Rhelnberger) :
Arabeske, Op. IS (Schumann): Vogel ats
Prophet, Op. 82, No. 7 (Schumann): Paplllons,
Op i! (Schumann): Romance Pathetlque, No.
1 e major (Floersheim): Fruehllngsrauachen.
Op. 32. No. 3 (Binding): Intermezzo, Op. 11O.
No 1 (Brahma); Waltz.' E minor, posthumous
(Chopin); Etude, Op. 23, No. » (Chopin): Hu
rnoreske. Op. 101. No. 7 (Dvorak); Hurooreske.
Op. 101, No. 1 (Dvorak).
A good deal of inteigst will be taken
In the appearance ofT Andrew Bogart
quite the right way to get at them and
to both 'pupil and master warm con
gratulations for good work done must
be accorded.
Miss Freeman was accompanied with
spirit and sympathy by Mr. Salz.
There is a youngster going to play
the piano this week that I think will
be worth hearing. It is little Cecil
Cowles, now 9 years old, and who will
give a recital on Thursday evening at
Stelnway Hall. I heard the little girl
some' two years ago, when she was a
pupil I of [ Otto Bendix at the Cali
fornia Conservatory. She played then
the Handel "Harmonious Blacksmith"
in' a comically clever fashion, showing
a good deal of technical capacity and
mental grasp. One liked, too, then her
delightful childishness, her whole work
showing that there had been an entire
.absence of any emotional forcing going
to Its development. She played as If it
were fun to her, and many will be in
terested to know how she has grown
U p_to the mature age of 9. Cecil is
now under the ministrations of Hugo
Mansfeldt. and, according to the fol
lowing programme must have been
spending not a little time at her chosen
instrument. The. little pianist, by the
way! has absolute pitch, improvises,
composes and so on, all of which will
be exampled on the programme:
Aria. Ave Maria (Das Feuerkreuz) (Max
Bruch): violin soli — (a) Adagio from Concmo
Op 2t> (Bruch). (b) Hungarian Dance (Brahms.
Joachim): sonra — (a) The Willow (Gortn?
Thomas*. (b> La Violette fAlessandro Scar
latti), (c) Fruhlingszelt . (Heinrich Sohnell);
violin soil — (a) Albumblatt (W«gner-WUhelmJ».
<b) Legend* (Wlenlawgkt) ; Irmeltn Rrwe IV.
Peterson Bergfr): Matnat (Ch. Slndlng); Ved
Sundet (A. Backer Grondahl); Ragnhlld (En
Grieg): folk sones— Strllevlse, Agaths FJeld
sang (Norwegian). FJortoo Ar. Polaka ttma
Dalarne (Swedish^.
On Saturday afternoon next a new
soprano, Miss Ingeborg Resch-Petter
son, -will make her first local appear
ance. Miss Petterson Is a country
woman of Jenny Llnd, and lately
from bonnie Dundee. In Scotland,
whence she comes with an enviable
reputation both as singer and teacher.
Will L. Greenbaum has arranged a re
cital afternoon for next Saturday at
Lyric Hall, admission to which will bo
entirely by invitation. Miss Petterson
will be assisted by Miss Ramua, who
•will play the violin, and by Fred Maur
er at the piano. Following is the very
attractive programme — the folk song3
in particular are most interesting ex
amples of a peculiarly rich traditional
literature. The affair begins at 3
o'clock:
Songs of th« seventeenth eentary — "The
Happy Lover." "Lacla. 11 Dlr," "Drinking
Song." Songs by Robert Schumann — "My Love.
Lay Thy Hand. Twas In th« Month of
May," "When Thro' the Plazzetta." "Row.
Gently Row." Songs by modern American
composers — "Bring Her Again to Me" (N. Clif
ford Page): "Absent" (John W. Metcalf);
"Folk Song" (G. TV. Chadwlck). and "An Open
Secret" (R. Huntlmrton Woodman).
on Thursday evening next after a
silence of several years. Mr. Bogart
¦was one of the erstwhile most popular
local barytones and has since seen sev
eral years of study in New York. The
recital is to be given at Maple HalL Mr.
Bogart is fortunate in having Fred
Maurer as his accompanist. The fol
lowing programme has been arranged:
"Just 'stop at home and never go to
sea and then you'll be the ruler of the
Queen's navee!" ' One-half of . Sir. Jo
seph Porter's advice may sometimes be
very good to follow, for the music stu
dent. I rather thought so as ;I heard
Miss Grace \ Freeman's fiddling the
other day. . Miss Freeman is purely -a
local product, pupil of Giulio Minetti,
and last' week made what might be
called .her formal debut. I had not
the pleasure of hearing the debut per
formance, but heard Miss Freemaniaf
terward In her recital programme. Her
performance explained why Sousa last
year offere'd to engage the young wom
an as his solo violinist; also: why; Mr.
Minetti had refused .then his permis
sion for her to . undertake ' the j work.
It further exampled happily what may
be done by the stay-at-home students
¦ Miss ; Freeman's chief numbers were
the Max Bruch G minor concerto,
Grieg's C minor sonata, the Zigeuner
weisen of-Sarasate and a'romanza of
Sgambati, and? their rendering shows
her possessed of most' of the essentials
of her art. . A- sensitive ear, plenty of
vitality, conscience, temperament are
among Miss Freeman's belongings, to
gether with- a ready right wrist and a
facile left hand. Her intonation is: de
lightfully true, her tone big and round,
her dynamic range large, • and she has
both ; style .and magnetism. She has
poise, too, and a strong dramatic sense,
and when her work ¦ is. further fined,
characterized— the "local color"' 5 of 'a
composition- more i clearly Indicated — a
greater subtlety of . shading and %tone
obtained, Miss Freeman will be a very
good indeed. And these things
are not far off. The violinist has gone
In the World of Music.
Dick Hotallng, who has a birthday to
celebrate.
• • • . * . .
Mrs. James A. Cooper and Miss Coop
er have sent out cards for the first and
second Fridays at their home, 2723 Pa
cific avenue. Both Miss Ethel Cooper
and her mother are particularly charm-
Ing and their receptions will prove most
delightful. L
* • . •
Mrs. Boggs and Miss Alice Boggs
have taken a house for the season at
1613 Van Ness avenue. They. will re
ceive on Thursdays during the winter
months.
Miss Julia Mau, who gave a tea a
few days ago for her cousin, Miss Lulu
Bothin, will be "at home" Fridays In
January. The handsome Mau home on
Broadway is well adapted to entertain
ing and, I understand, each at home
day will be like a tea. Miss Bothin is
one of the sweetest of the winter buds.
Mrs. John P. Young will be guest" of
honor at a luncheon which Mrs. Lange
will give on December 8.
Miss Daisy Burns will give a card
party next Thursday at her home on
Washington and Hyde streets. Her
mother, Mr3. Burns, will also entertain
at euchre on Wednesday.
Mrs. William T. Sesnon has sent out
cards for the first and second Thurs
days In December. Mrs. Sesnon was
before her marriage Miss May Porter.
Mrs M. T. Lally and Miss Charlotte
Lally have returned from the East.
Mrs. Harry F. Sullivan will be at
home on Wednesdays at 1516 Van Ness
avenue.
Mrs. Barnard Breeden, formerly Miss
Gertrude Sullivan, daughter of Judge
Sullivan, has Issued cards for fourth
Wednesdays.
Miss Jessie McNab is still in the East
and is not expected to return until
after Christmas.
Dr. and Mrs. Russell H. Cool are en
tertaining a few friends at their Los
Gatos home, "Dotswood," from Thanks
giving until Monday complimentary to
• ?-,•¦ v , •
Miss Helen Shafter gave a house
party at her home near Inverness over
Thanksgiving. Among those who went
up on Wednesday were: Mr. and Mrs.
Frederick Fenwick, Misi Juliet Garber,
John Partridge, Percy Williams and
Paul Miller.
Courtney Bennett,, the English Con
sul, Is preparing for the arrival* of his
wife and daughter from London.
• • •
Miss Sarah Drum has returned from
the East and is looking very well. Miss
Drum enjoys the distinction of being
the first woman to run an automobile
In this city, but upon her return will
find many understudies ga'yly usurping
her throne.
• • •
The George Newhalls are home from
Europe and are occupying a house on
Franklin street until their new home Is
ready for them.
Mrs. Alden Jackson and Miss Jack
son have issued cards for a tea on De
cember D, from 4 to 6, at their home on
Clay street.
Members of the Sigma Alpha Epsilon
Chapter took their sweethearts, wives
and mothers down to Stanford several
evenings ago to attend a banquet which
they gave at the house to James F.
Lanagan, head coach of the Stanford
football team. The dinner was served
in the main hall, which was prettily
decorated for the occasion. Covers
were laid for thirty guests, including
active members and the old alumni.
After dinner a few co-eds added their
presence .and dancing completed the
evening's enjoyment. Those present
were: Mr. and Mrs. Louis Beedy, Mr.
and Mrs. J. D. Spreckels Jr., Mr. and
Mrs. Fred Sherman, E>r. and Mrs. A. B.
Spauldlng, Captain R. Emerson. War
field, Mr. and Mrs. Claude Downing,
Harry Cox, WInthrop Beedy, Mr. and
Mrs. W. H. Blake, J. Bird Gildersleeve,
J. H. Polhemus, Arthur Gelssler, and
Mr. and Mrs. J. F. Lanagan.
The Grayson Duttons will take up
their residence at St. Dunstan's on
Tuesday next.
San Francisco has two police officers
who are acting aa truant officers, while
Boston has twenty-one trained men
who are looking after its truants.
J. F. McClymonds of Oakland,
City Superintendent of Schools Lang
don and Mrs. Everett Goodell, the first
teacher of the parental boarding school
of Boston, have addressed the members
of the California Club, and the work
of creating public sentiment in favor
of this much-needed reform In San
Francisco is well under way.
Over 19,000 children of San Francisco
attended no school last year. Truant
or attendance officers should' now be
investigating these cases and doubtless
there Is no reason why a larger per
centage of these children should not
be receiving the advantage of our pub
lic school education, if pressure were
but brought to bear upon parents and
children.
The ladies of the civic section of the
California Club are interesting them
selves In the new compulsory educa
tional law with the hope of having
a parental school established in San
Francisco for habitual truants.
The school authorities have at pres
ent no statistics concerning the num
ber of truants in the city, and it is
proposed to have the matter taken up
by State Superintendent Kirk with the
suggestion that the census blank be
so changed that the -returns may show
how many children between the ages
of 8 and 14 years have not attended
school during five months of the year,
as the law requires.
early next year with her father and
mother to complete her musical studies.
Miss Gallatin is one of the best bred
and thoroughly lovable young women in
society and her friends will make the
most of her limited stay in their midst
this season.
Mrs. Gallatin and Miss Leta Gallatin
have returned from a protracted trip
East and will remain at the Palace
Hotel during the present season. Miss
Gallatin will so out a good deal In
formally this winter, but will not make
her formal debut until after her return
from Europe, where she Intends going
. . .
Mr. and Mrs. Jerome Hart have re
turned to the Palace Hotel for the win
ter.
Mr. and Mrs. George L. Fish left last
¦week for Europe. They were accom
panied by Mrs. Fish's sister. Miss Eliz
abeth Smith, who has been visiting
them. Miss Smith resides In Scotland.
Miss Florence Gibbons is one of the
prettiest debutantes presented, to so
ciety. She was a picture at the Jeu
nesse assembly in her dainty white
gown, and was not at a loss for gallant
attention.
Mrs. Redmond Payne, who is a most
tactful hostess, will give a luncheon
for Dr. and Mrs. Cochrane at her home
on Tuesday of this week. The new
comers will also be tendered .a dinner,
theater party and other affairs this
week by the Sabins.
The Sabins have come back to stay
for some time, and will entertain con
siderably throughout the winter. Miss
Pearl Sabin has been in the city very
little since she made her debut two
seasons ago, and was busy renewing
old acquaintances at the tea given by
the family several days ago.
The John I. Sabins have as their
guest Dr. and Mrs. G. H. Cochrane,
who will be in the city about ten days.
Mrs. Cochrane was until four years
ago Hiss Alice Cowen. Both she and
Dr. Cochrane were educated at Stan
ford, and will be warmly welocmed
by many old school friends during their
brief stay.
"I have already come to the conclu
sion that in San Francisco the young
pentlemen rest on thtir oars, content to
be wooed, if not won."
To wear a dress suit and appear like
a gentleman seems to be the require
ment for men in society as well as "su
pers" for the stage. He Is certain to
be in demand for every social occasion
if he is considerate of others, looks
pleased, knows when to send a few
flower^ and is generally polite. A few
"parlor tricks" renders a man partic
ularly desirable for house parties.
Some one has defined a gentleman as
one who does everything you wish him
to do and does nothing you do not
wish him to do. The kind hearted
hostesses of this city so cheerfully as
sume the entire responsibility of enter
taining that little is expected of the
bachelors in the capacity of hosts. So
little do the bachelors discharge anyso
fial obligations that they quite aston
ish when at rare intervals they give a
rmall theater party or give us a free
ride in the Government tug. Last sea
son, however, the bachelors' ball was
a welcome Innovation and should have
been hailed with delight, if only to en
courage the men in reciprocity. Yet,
there was so much opposition that
some of the patronesses were afraid to
appear lest they be identified with a
social failure. After withdrawing once
or twice some women actually tele
phoned all about town to see what
prominent families would be represent
ed at the ball and finally accepted at
the eleventh hour to scintillate at a so
cial success.
If the bachelors pull themselves to
gether and give a ball this year let us
do the correct thing for once and avail
ourselves of their hospitality.
"If the word charming had never
been coined before, my hostess of these
few days would, I think, have inspired
it:-.
If Polonius were to visit San Fran
cisco he would advise the ladies to be
somewhat chary of their maiden pres
ence, for nowhere else do young women
entertain the men so freely. In the land
where I was bred young men gave most
of the dancing parties not restricted to
the home. In this city nearly every
year a number of very young girls put
their good money together and give a
r.a.11 of some kind, while their men
friends merely lend their presence and
Fhare neither trouble nor expense. The
Oayety Cotillon Club, recently formed,
consists of twenty-five young women,
chiefly debutantes. They have pro
vided the money and toiled assiduously
to compile a book of names and ad
dresses of some 200 masculine adjuncts
for their four dances, but as the young
women will hold the cotillons at the
homes of four of their number they will
he subjected to no more serious criti
cism than undue generosity. I have
just received a letter from a high-bred
woman, recently of this city, asking if
the young ladies do not generally do
more than their part in entertaining.
She says:
An army officer stationed at Fort
Baker noted for his cleverness recently
Eta-ted that before making his appear
ance at a tea he always wrote a three
hours' pass for his brains. He is not
the only one.
Let a woman be so gentle and so cor
dial in her hospitality that it may be
6aid again by a certain gallant old gen
tleman:
Guests congenial are brought to
gether and all possible ingenuity is ex
ercised to provide something unique for
entertainment. Artists, palmists or
mind readers may be brought in to add
zest to the conversation. Only at teas
do people's minds seem to go on a vaca
tion, although the hostess must tax
her own wits to the utmost.
Genuine hospitality, prompted by the
desire to confer pleasure upon others,
is the most important requisite in en
tertaining and the hostess who poss
esses it is a Joy forever. California wo
men hold the palm for generosity in
throwing open their homes and dis
pensing happiness. Their hearts seem
10 grow larger, like the tree3 and fruit
in the Golden West. In' entertaining
lavishly money is a very good thing to
have, but it is by no means as neces
sary as tact. Let a hostess arrange
e-verytking for the comfort and pleas
ure of her guests and convince them
that their pleasure does not give the
slightest inconvenience but rather that
they have given a personal gratification
to her by coming.
THE SAN FKAKCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, KOVEMBEK 29, 1903.
CHARMING HOSTESSES OF SAN FRANCISCO.
20FOKTY-BIGHT PAGES-SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 29, 1903— PAGES 21 TO 34.
VOLUME XCIV— NO. 182.
COLOMBIA OFFERS
A $10,000,000 BRIBE
TO UNITED STA TES
AUTHORIZES SUITS
AGAINST SHIPYARDS
TRUST PROMOTERS
Continued on Page 22, Column 3.
Continued en Page 22, Column 1.
' BERLIN, Nov. 28.— It is estimated
that 102 persons lost .their lives , in- the
recent storms on the . North Sea. - All
vessels arriving in the Weiser and the
Elbe report seeing much ' wreckage and
many corpses drifting about. They were
unable, however, to pick up^ any of the
bodies owing '; to - the high seas which
were running.
RESULTS OF NORTH SEA .
STORM ARE APPALLING
More Than a Hundred Lives Are Be
lieved to Have Been
Lost.
POSTMASTER GENERAL
PAYNE SUBPOENAED
Trial of McGregor at
Baltimore.
Prominent Officials Dfust Attend
WASHINGTON. Nov. 28.— Subpenas
w«?re served to-day on Postmaster Gen
eral Payne and First Assistant , Post
master G«nfral Wynne to attend the
trial of T. W. McGregor, former supply
clerk of the rural free delivery service,
on an indictment for conspiracy. The
trial will begin in Baltimore on Mon-
Lawyer Edroond Kelly, representing
relatives of Fair, closely cross-ques
tioned the witness, seeking to bring out
the inconclusive nature of Menard's
evidence. The court adjourned until
Tuesday, when the more Important
witnesses. Including the two attending
doctors, will be heard.
PARIS, Nov. 28.— The taking of tes
timony in the Fair case began to-day
before Commissioner Eisler, appointed
by the New York courts. A number of
French and American lawyers were
present. The entire day was given up
to the testimony of Emil lienard. a
cruggist near the scene of the acci
dent, who the following day was called
on to perform the embalming and as
sist the doctors in the partial autopsy.
He testified that he found the Fairs*
arterial systems so clotted with blood
that he was unable to properly embalm
them. Charles L. Fair's face was ter
ribly swollen. The tendency of the tes
timony was to Show that Fair was in
jured more than his wife and therefore
<lk-d first.
Druggist's Evidence Is to the Effect
That Fair Died
First.
TAKING TESTIMONY
IN THE FAIR CASE
WILL FIGHT FOR HER
SHARE OF ESTATE
Mrs. L. Auerbach to Contest Will
of Her Brother Who Died in
• Helena. .. . • ' *
HELENA, Mont.. Nov. 28.— The will
of the late Henry Klein, one of Helena's
most .wealthy citizens, who died about
two weeks ago, leaving an estate val
ued at about $500,000, may be contested
by Mrs. L. Auerbach of San Francisco,
his sister. The heirs of \ the late Mr.
Klein said to-day that this probably
would be the case.
The will Is to be filed, for probate
Monday. By its provisions Jacob Klein
of San Francisco was bequeathed $50,
000 .and the family of Susman Klein,
another brother of Los Angeles, was
left about $30,000. Mrs. Auerbach was
not mentioned in the will. Only about
half of the estate was willed away, and
according to what instated to be one of
the provisions the remainder is to- be
divided pro rata among the heirs'men
tioned, i ' - :^yX £i~75 : :'- ; :> ¦¦¦.'¦ " ;: -"¦¦¦
BBYAN BEING FETED :
IN EUBOPEAN CITIES
ST. | PETERSBURG, Nov. 28.—Wil
liam J. Bryan has written from Lon
don to arrange for an Interview with
Count Tolstoi. ' ;>>v
BERLIN, Nov. 28.— At the . annual
meeting of the Chamber of Commerce
here to-day former United States Con
sul General Hermann Krelssman was
re-elected president and, it. was decided
to invite William J. Bryan to address
the- chamber upon ¦ the occasion of his
visit to Berlin in^January.
LONDON, Nov. 28.— William Jen
nings Bryan took luncheon with ' Jo
seph Chamberlain at; Highbury to-day.
Special Cablegram t6 The Call and . New York
Herald. Copyright. 100.1, by the New York
Herald Publishing Company. ' .
PANAMA, Nov. 28.— Arrivals, on the
steamship Manavi from Buena Ventu
ra, In thV Department of Cauca/.Colom
bia, r : reports .that great excitement pre
vails' there and the inhabitants are ex
tremely bitter against the isthmians.
¦- Steamships leaving Buena Ventura
for .^Panama- are compelled to 'obtain
clearance papers from the British Con
sul or depart without papers, as the
Colombian authorities refuse to issue
'them. The arrival of the ' steamer
Quito at Buena Ventura from Panama
was made the occasion of a hostile
demonstration against the . isthmians.
Public meetings ; were held and in the
evening a torchlight .procession was
formed to march through -the city. On
air sides were -heard cries -of "Down
with Panama traitors!" and "Death to
Yankees!'' "'Later, a •spirit', of ; resigna
tion seemed to prevail.*?.'. ;
Reports from Call, 1 - In the interior of
Cauca, state : that a military coup led
by GeneraKTriana was planned, with
the object of proclaiming independence.
When the steamer , Manavi left, j how
ever, no practical results had been ac
complished. .
General Triana, who commands Bat
talion Five de> Call and is president, of
the, municipality of Call, is reported to
have resigned-, soon after he heard of
the movement: in Panama. He an
nounced tliat at heart, he was a sepa
ratist and that he'could'not under the
circumstances continue. to serve loyally
the Colombian army. General Bonilla,
the Governor of Cauca, while admit
ting that he also was in sympathy with
the Panama movement, said he could
hot accept " the resignation and pro
moted. General Triana to be command
ing general", in -chief ,of the army of
Cauca.: It is reported that'thV greater
part of the conservatives and many of
the prominent members of the liberal
party, are ;in" favor of declaring their
independence.
COLON, Nov. 28.— The Panama Star
and Herald says:
"We learn from a reliable source that
even passports; to Port Llmon, Costa
Rico, from Colombian*' ports on \ the
Atlantic, are not now allowed * to
be issued to Colombians. The river
boats j plying on the ; Magdalena have
been armed and converted' Into war
ships. ; The.'. liberal ¦ generals,. Urlbe-
Uribe and- Benjamin «Herrera, have of
fered the 1 . Government their ~ services
for the taking of the isthmus. The
conservatives, however, oppose the ac
ceptance of these : offers, fearing that
such faction would* result, in the over
throw, of the Government. 1 .'-,
Exchange ,' at Barranquilla is quoted
at, 15,000 and ; at Bogota the -rats l i3
20,000. ' -" "/ . ? : y--:
Prominent Surgeon Is 111.
KANSAS CITY, Nov. 29.— The Star
this (Sunday) morning. says: Nicholas
Senn, qhief- surgeon ;'of Rush \ Medical
College at Chicago, is ill at the Coates
House in .this city. „ He Is suffering
from^an infection of the Fight 'hand
which resulted from performing an
eration. Whilejils conditionals serious,
the physicians who are attending ' him
say that it is not necessarily dangerous.
Storm" Sweeps Trench Coast.
~ PARIS, -Nov.,, 28.— A. violent storm
Wept ; the French • coast all night. The
cities of Bordeaux , and La Rochelle suf -!
f ered heavll yl /* It. is feared that casual;
ties have' occurred /among the fishing
fleets. : • .'
Colombians in Paris . Denounce the
\ > -United States.
APPEAL TO FRENCH , PUBLIC. »
PARIS, Nov. - 28.— Senor Calderon. for
mer .' Minister of " Finance f of Colombia,
and fourteen other Colombians, including
the 'officials here of. the republic, have
united; in r a letter ' 'appealing -to,: the
French '; public against - the recent events
in^ Panama.; -.The letter ' declares "the
United States co-operated in "the insur
rection, prevented Colombia suppressing
theorising and; precipitately" recognized
the- independence of. Panama. The news
papers publish the appeal without 'Com
ment.'' . •
There is where the trouble began. The
renewal of the lease, if obtained on the
same terms as the original lease, will
be worth hundreds of thousands of dol
lars If the deal can be forced through
and Government approval obtained...
J. M. Guffey, the millionaire oil ope
rator of Plttsburg, made an offer to the
syndicate of one-tenth royalty and Jl
an acre bonus pn 160,000 acres > of the
lease, provided consent were obtained
for the laying of a pipe line into the
Territory by the Standard Oil Com
pany. The Standard, however, declined
to have anything to do with the venture
or to handle a barrel of the oil unless
the lease were properly approved by the
Secretary of the Interior.
SALAMANCA, N. Y.. Nov. 28.— State
Senator Albert" T. Fancher and State
Senate Clerk James Spencer Whipple
are home from Washington, where they
have been making an effort to engineer
an Indian deal that will make Vree
lar.d's Indian allotment bill look like a
canceled postage stamp if it be carried
to a successful conclusion. The pres
ent scheme had its inception about
eight years ago, when Senator Fancher
drifted into the Indian Territory. He
succeeded in securing a lease of nearly
1,000,000 acres of Indian" land for oil
purposes. Without awaiting the ap
proval of the lease by the Interior De
partment, Fancher put down several
wells and was rewarded by finding oil
in paying quantities. . In the meantime
several other politicians were- let in.
The lease was secured for only ten
years and has but two more years to
run, and it was found desirable to ob
tain an extension.
Special Dispatch to The Call
"It was urged in the argument that
the decision appealed from was equlv
aient to a final decree. Although there
is no assignment of error to bring this
question before us, still It deserves
present consideration. As we read the
order it was not Intended to be a final
ity and is not so in legal effect. "But
to remove any possible doubt on this
point we will amend the order by strik
ing from the fifth paragraph the
concluding words, 'and especially by
the act of the Legislature of the State
of New Jersey, entitled'an act concern
ing corporations/ and substitute there
for the words, 'the receiver to be sub
ject at all times to the orders and di
rections of this court/ and we will al
low the foregoing order to stand until
the further order of this court."-
The suit against the corporation was
commenced on June 11 last by Roland
R. Conklln, Max Nathan, Jacob W.
Mark and James D. Magulre, stock
holders. On June 30 Judge Kirkpatrick
PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 28.— The ap
peal of the United States Shipbuilding 1
Company against the decision of Judge
Kirkpatrlck appointing James Smith
Jr. receiver for the corporation was to
day decided against the company. The
opinion rendered by Circuit Court
Judges Acheson, 'Dallas and Gray was
filed by the former. Judge Kirkpat
rick's action is sustained and the or
der for the receivership made perma
nent, or until the further order of the
court. The opinion, in part, follows:
"Upon the whole, we are of the opin
ion that the , bill presented a case of
which the Circuit Court, sitting in
equity, had Jurisdiction and that the
appointment of "a receiver was within
the authority of the court. We also
think there was evidence to sustain the
findings of the lower court and to jus
tify the order appointing a receiver.
Whether a receiver should- be appoint
ed was a matter largely within the dis
cretion of the court, in view of the spe
cial circumstances of the case.
"Upon careful examination we can
not say that the order appointing a re
ceiver and granting an injunction was
improvidently made. - Vi"-*.
Circuit Court of Appeals Rules
Against Shipbuilding Company.
BECEIVEBSHIP IS PERMANENT.
New Yorkers Hold
1,000,000 Acres;
in Lease.
Bogota Would Make
a Gift of Panama's
Canal Strip.
SEEKS RECOGNITION
THROUGH BERLIN OFFICE
King Peter Takes Circuitous Courss
to Beach the United
BERLIN, Nov. 28.— M. Miletchevltch.
the Servian Minister here, has request
ed United States Embassador Tower
to forward to Washington an auto
graph letter from King Peter to Pres
ident Roosevelt, informing- him of his
accession to the throne. Tower ac
cepted the letter and cabled the fact to
Washington. The course taken by the
King is doubtless designed to bring
about a resumption of diplomatic re
lations between Servla and the United
States, which lapsed after the assassin
ation of King Alexander and Queen
Draga. John P. Jackson, the United
States Minister to Greece, Roumanla
and Servia, who was making a tour of
the Balkans, presented his credentials
at the time of the tragedy, and he
avoided going to that city on Instruc
tions from Washington.
Indirect inquiries have been made by
the authorities at Belgrade as to
whether he did not intend to visit King
Peter's court, to which he replied that
he would not do so until directed from
Washington, which, until Erabassador
Tower forwarded his dispatch, has not
been officially informed that such a
person as King Petter existed. Pre
cisely why - the Servian King's letter
should have been sent through this em
bassy Instead of the embassy at Vi
enna does not appear.
ST. LOUIS. Nov. 28.— After a run of
ten weeks the play "Fools of Nature/'
which has been running here one week,
was discontinued by Miss Julia Mar
lowe with to-night's performance at
the Olympic, Theater. According to her
statement Miss Marlowe has quit tfee
s taje Tor the season.
Julia Marlowe Will Best.
SAYS PRINCESS WAS
VEBY BADLY ABUSED
Prince Jaime Defends His Sister Con
- cerning the Divorce Proceedings
Now Pending.
ROME, Nov. 28.— Prince Jaime of
Bourbon, brother of Princess Alice of
Schoenburg-Waldenburg, has arrived
at Souri. He emphatically asserts the
untruth of the recent accusations
against his sister, and says that the
suit for separation from her husband.
Prince Frederic, which will soon be be
gun at Dresden, will show the brutality
of the latter, who even descended to
beating his wife. Prince Jaime says
further that the trial will bring out
testimony - very damaging to Prince
Frederic.
WASHINGTON, Nov. > 28.— That the
republic grant to the United States all
the : canal concessions provided for in
the'Hay-Herran treaty, but absolutely
free of cost, Js the proposition which
General Rafael Reyes ' brings for the
consideration of the officials of Wash
ington. General Reyes arrived here to
day. He was met at the station by a
son of Dr. Herrari, the Colombian
charge, and went at once to his hotel.
General Reyes' said:
i VYou will readily admit the propriety
of my refusing to refer to my mission,
which is of a conndential-rharacter, but
of the offer which Colombia is ready to
make I desire- to say that my, energies
and those 1^ of my followers will be de
voted to. the granting of the canal con
cessions to the United States, without
the payment of a cent. Even at this,
Colombia will be the gainer."
COLOMBIA'S TABDY ZEAL.
"Are you authorized by , President
Marroquin to this offer to the
United States /Government?" General
Reyes was, asked.
"That would be divulging my Instruc
tions before I have executed them. I
cannot say. more about this now," he
replied. "But you may say that all
Colombia. is afire with zeal for the
building of the canal by the United
States and that the unfortunate polit
ical troubles "which were the sole cause
of. the treaty's death before the Colom
bian. Congress have entirely "disappear
ed. I We want the canal, _ and I have
come to Washington to sej» what the
people of the United States are prepar
ed to accept. I come with instructions
from the President of Colombia direct:
My mission In no way interferes with
the negotiations of Dr. Herran, the Co
lombian charge, for- whom both ray
Government and myself personally
have the greatest respect. I shall be
gin daily "conferences with him and
we shall work-in entire harmony. Dr.
Herran will go to the State Depart
ment with ; me and present me to Sec
retary-Hay."
"What i is the feeling in Colombia
about the Panama . revolution?" ¦
"Feeling Js running high and. there
is indignation ; over the ' events of the
isthmus. We can and will put down
the rebellion if , not interfered with from
the outside. So tense .is the feeling
and so national the spirit '. of determin
ation i to bring the isthmus back: into
the republic that J President ;Marroquln
will have no trouble in raising an army
twice : the .* size necessary - to put down
AGENT SENT f TO . WASHING
TON BY THE COLOMBIAN
GOVERNMENT.
STRIKE OIL
IN THE RED
MAN'S LAND
JURIST WHO SUSTAINS AP
POINTMENT OF ¦ RECEIVER
•FOR -THE SHIPYARDS.
Department of Cauca
Is : ph the Verge
of Secession.
"This testimony shows that some ex
ceedingly odd things'" were done with
our money and in justice to ourselves
and the old stockholders it was thought
necessary to authorize suits which
would determine the legality of these
transactions. The so-called Dresser
loans, the depositing of 5750,000 with
Harris, Gates & Co., and the loan of
this monev to Dresser and Nixon — in
fact, all transactions between the trust
company and the United States Ship
building Company must be reviewed
and settled. The trust company would
like to recover about $1,000,000 it did not
make in shipbuilding deals."
NEW YORK, Nov. 28.— The executive
committee of the Trust Company of the
Republic has authorized suits to re
cover large amounts of money, which,
it Is alleged, were wrongfully obtained
from the trust company for use in get
ting under way the United States Ship
building Company. James B. Dill,
counsel for the Trust Company of the
Republic, refused to-day to speak
of the action "of the executive commit
tee, but it was learned elsewhere au
thoritatively that papers in these suits
are now being prepared.
No statement of the identity of the
persons to be sued was to be had to
day, but it was said that there wouldt,
be at least three defendants in the suits
to recover the trust company's 'money.
One of the directors of the trust com
pany, who 1b conversant with the sit
uation, said the testimony brought out
at the hearing in the bondholders' suit
for a permanent receiver had compelled
the trust company' to take this action.
He added: • - ' • •
Special Dispatch to The Cull.
Trust Company Bxr
ecutive Committee
Alleges Fraud.
David Bennett Hill has made over
tures to Murphy, but no one aside from
the two principals knows whether a deal
between them is possible. Senator Hill
is still a leader of great strength in the
up State counties and his friends have
told Murphy that it is hardly probable
that the State can be carried for any
Democrat without the approval of Hill.
Judge Parker still refuses to make a
move to further the posslbifity of his
own nomination. It is generally under
stood he will have the support of Hill
as Boon as the latter decides that his
ov.Ti chances for obtaining the nomin
ation have vanished. Murphy is a per
sonal friend of Judge Gray and he has
expressed the opinion that the Dela
ware man would make a strong can
vass. Now that Grover Cleveland has
taken himself from the ranks of Pres
idential possibilities, efforts will be
made to obtain the support of the New
York delegation for Judge Gray.
Agents of Senator Arthur Pue Gor
man have been in New York arrang
ing for a conference with Democrats
of weight. They also have visited Mur
phy at Hot Springs, Va., and it is pos
sible that a Murphy-Gorman deal may
be made.
Some are of the opinion that Murphy
lias not been entirely honest in hi3 sup
port of Cleveland. At a meeting of
jirominent Democrats In this city on
tl:e night before Thanksgiving, it is
said, the situation was broadly dis
cussed. All of those present at that
meeting were described to-day as
friends of the former President. The
belief was frankly expressed that Mur
phy would turn from Cleveland as
soon as it was certain that he could
control the State delegation. Friends
»>; the leader of Tammany Hall, on the
contrary, declared to-day that he has
been honestly of the opinion that
Cleveland, if nominated, would sweep
the country and make a Democratic
success assured.
No action has been taken as yet, but
the nmnes of three Democrats of prom
inence and standing are being consid
ered. They are Senator Arthur Pd-J
Gorman of Maryland, Judge Gray of
Delaware and Judge Parker of this
State. /:.;.':•
NEW YORK, Nov. 28.— In emphatic
ally refusing to permit the use of his
name in connection with another nom
ination for the Presidency Graver
Cleveland has made it imperative for
Charles F. Murphy, the leader of Taia
many Hall, to recast his lines and lind
another candidate for the organization
to support.
£?ecUl Dispatch to The Oil.
Chamberlain for five years has been
employed in Southern Pacific car shops.
He has been having domestic troubles,
and to-day determined to take his lite.
He went out to hia house at 2400 O
street, of which he has of late been tho
sole occupant, and fastening a long
piece of rubber hose to the Jet In a gas
stove in the kitchen carried th» hosa
through two doors to his bedroom.
In order to do this and yet keep the
doors shut he bored holes through the
doors exactly large enough to admit the
hose. TKe loose end he placed Ja con
venient reach. Then he nailed a pleco
of black crepe on the front door ho 't
could be seen from the street and wrot«
farewell letters on black-bordered
paper to his friends. One of these he
mailed to D. H. "Carroll, foreman ot
car shoo 5. placing a special delivery
stamp UDon It. He then went back to
his housed turned on the gas, closed up
his room and prepared to die.
The immediate delivery letter made
Quick time to Foreman Carroll, and
when* the latter received it, he sent two
messages in haste, one, after the Re
ceiving Hospital ambulance, the other
after the Coroner's wagon.
Both wagons drew up at Chamber
lain's house at the same moment. The
room was broken into and Chamberlain
was found unconscious. He was re
moved to the hospital and restoratives
were applied. The physicians say he
will recover.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 23.— After «otng
to the trouble to fasten a heavy piece ot
black crepe on his front door and writ
ing letters bordered with mourning to
his friends announcing his death, A. B.
Chamberlain attempted to commit sui
cide this afternoon and 'failed. To
night he is lying at the Southern Pa
cinc Hospital in a stupor from the ef
fects of the gas by which he had hoped
to end his life, but he will recover.
Special Dispatch to Th» Call.
- The members of the Czar's party were
all taking luncheon together, it being,
the -Princess' dinner." -Just before be
ginning the Czar had the Princess
placed next to him at table and when
oysters were placed .before the Czar. he
passed the plate to his ¦ little- niece,
laughingly, as" she" had said In reply. to
his inquiry about her appetite that she
was very hungry.
It is notorious that there -are. high
court influences at- work to prevent the
Czar proclaiming his eldest "daughter
heir :to the throne and that ever since
that intention. was declared by him spe
cial precautions have had to be .taken
to safeguard the .little Grand. Duchess
Olga's life from poison.
"This explanation was unsatisfactory
even to the Czar, who instantly ordered
a minute investigation into the history,
of the suspected bivalves from the time
of. their purchase until they were serv T
ed at the imperial table.' j
."It is rumored that two .arrests have
boen made from among 1 the suite and
ithe suspicion that %an attempt was
made on the Czar's life, Is. Increased by
the issuing by' the 1 * S t/ PetersbuTfg^Ctfn-*
tral Revolutionary Cdmmttt'ee of a cir
cular emphatically asserting that the
revolutionists had no hand in\the recent
fatality at i Sklernelvice, Poland, where
Princess Elizabeth died." '*¦ f- h
' BERLIN, Nov. -28.— That j Princess
Elizabeth of Hesse, niece of the Czar
ina, died of poison and not of typhoid
fever is now admitted.
The following otncial version' of her
death is now given by a member of the
Czar's entourage: ,
"The Princess fell a victim to the
Czar's taste for oysters. The
Princess ate . several on the day she
fell ill and within two hours afterward
she had a violent^ attack of what was
thought to be cholera, especially when
paralytic collapse supervened.
"The Czar himself ordered a post
mortem examination, as the death
seemed suspiciously i like - strychnine
poisoning. ' But the doctors are satis
fied that the oysters were the cause of
death.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Claims of Gorman, Gray and
Parker Are Being
Considered.
Communication to a Friend
Interferes With Plans
for Death.
Rigid Examination Results
in Two Arrests Being
Made at Court.
David Bennett Hill
Makes Overtures
to Murphy.
Sacramentan Makes a
Failure of Self
'•• Destruction.
Seized by Fatal Illness
After Partaking
.' of Oysters.
Princess of Hesse
Dies Instead ot
the Czar.
Suicide Prevented
by Quick Deliv
ery Stamp.
Left in Lurch by
Mr. Cleveland's
Refusal, &
UNCLE SAM'S
RAPID MAIL
SAVES LIFE
TAMMANY'S
CHIEF SEEKS
A CANDIDATE
EATS POISON
INTENDED FOR
NICHOLAS II
Central— "Midnight in China
town." Matinee To-Day.
Columbia — Comedy, "Im "W«i»
¦ea Soessl" (la Oennan).
rise2ier'« — "Ku.b«» and Boi«i."
Grand— "Over IMaffara Falls."
: Matinee To-Day.
Orpbeum — Vaudeville.
The Chutes — "Vaudeville.
THE THXATEB8.
Alc***r— "A Poor X«latlon.»
XSatlnee To-Day.
California — "At the Old Cross
Boads."
TSB WX ATU.U&. y . A •
Forecast mad* »t 8aa\jrx*K-^
cUco for tMrty tours enJfctai^"
midnight. Xovembcx 29: £^
San Francisco aal vicinity—
Cloudy Soaday. wlti aemni
lr«»Ii ¦outlerly wlads.
A. O. KoADZB,
District Forecaster.
PRICE FIVE CENTS,
The San Francisco Call.WASHINGTON Nov.. 28.— Announcement Ms
made from the Avar. Department ; that no addi
tional' designations will be mad« of candi
dates ¦ from civil ,. Hfe i to : be examined v for ap
pointment as second lieutenants In the army.
The ' funeral* was , attended by a large
number of students, who s became ; dem
onstrative and ; were ¦-, dispersed :_ by a
band" of Cossacks. -,A number, of * the
students were : injured.'. A dispatch
from Moscow reports student disturb-?
arices in various sections. ..«-...
ST. PETERSBURG, Nov. 28.— A dis
turbance in Which students of both
sexes took part occurred here to-day at
at the ; funeral of a member of. -the
senior class at the Gomevltch College
who, having been, refused a certificate
of ' graduation by the directors of ," the
institution/ committed < suicided
Puneral Almost Ends in Riot and
Cossacks Disperse the
Crowd.
SITICIDE OF STUDENT
CAUSES DISTURBANCE
Will Exhibit Prussian Methods.
BERLIN, Nov. 2S.— The Prussian
Ministry of Public Instruction is pre
paring for the St. Louis Exposition a
large work which will give a compre
hensive view of educational methods in
Prussia, from the lowest primary
schools to the universities. About 100
authors will contribute to the work,
among whom will be many famous per
sonages. Professor Wilhelm Lexis of
Goettingen University will edit the
work. ' V
MODESTO. Nov. 28.— At 10:30 to-nlRht a flr«
caused $4000 worth of damage to the real estate
office of B. W. Mlnntar and an adjoining* gro
cery. ' The fire waa caused by the explosion of
a coal oil heater. -r:.<t.*ygWMjc«|HaHBflfflaa®i
Four great coal stations are about to
be exploited in South Africa, The most
southerly field lies between LadysmitS
and the northern boundary of Natal.
These regions will in the near futur*
supply a large part of tho world's de
mand for coal. Natal exported 204.003
tons In 1901.
granted an injunction and appointed a
receiver. The appeal taken by counsel
for the United States Shipbuilding
Company alleged eleven errors on the
part of the lower court, the principal
claim being that Judge Kirkpatrick
had no jurisdiction. It was asserted
that the company was not insolvent: j
that it had no unpaid obligations, and
OAKLAND, " Nov. 2S.— Toby Irwin
and Billy Otts' will meet In a return
match at the Reliance Club on Thurs
day evening, December 8. The sport
ing public will doubtless pack the gym
nasium, as the last time the boys met
they put up a great fight until Irwtn's
jaw was broken.
The boys will meet at 133 pounds at
5 o'clock and will go fifteen rounds.
Irwin has fully recovered from his in
jury and he is anxious to show his
friends he Is the master of the man to
whom he lost on the occasion of his
last flcht. ...
Irwin and Qtts in Return Hatch.
Continued From Page 21, Column 2.
AUTHORIZES SUIIf.
that the company was not in default
for interest on outstanding bonds.
The decision stated that the com
plainants were foun^l to be first mort
gage bondholders and that the bill
not only alleged insolvency on the part
of the company, but charged tne di
rectors with positive misconduct, in
volving breach of trust.
NEW YORK. Nov. 28.— "The fact
that the credit of the ship-building in
dustry has been completely destroyed
by recent revelations regarding the pro
motion of th*e United States Ship-build
ing Cc-mpany," is given as one of the
principal reasons for the closing of the
Townsend-Downey Ship yards at
Shooters Island, in a statement issued
to-day by Wallace Downey, president of ''
the Townsend-Downey Ship-building
Company, at the offices of the company
here. The statement follc-ws: ¦
"The temporary embarrassment of
the Townsend-Downey. Ship-bulldlng
Company is directly, the result of losses
and delay in performing contracts, in
curred through the abominable condi
tions prevailing in the labor and ma
terial market during the last two years.
The exorbitant demands for workmen
and restriction of value of work done,
added to the impossibility of securing
promptly from steel manufacturers
material for ship construction, have
rendered it Impossible to operate to ad
vantage. Th jse difficulties, and the fact
that the credit of the ship-building in
dustry has been completely destroyed
I by recent revelations regarding the pro
motion of the United States Ship-build
ing Company, has for a time prevented
the carryinc out of the plans of this
company. The company has a valuable
property and a modern equipped plant
for ship-building, dry-docking and ship
repairing, and after adjustment of pres
ent difficulties will undoubtedly resume
business."
Ship Trust Revelations Cause Clos
ing of Townsend-Downey Yards.
CHEDIT IS DESTROYED.
On Friday night a % man giving, his
name as Arthur Binnoa called at Belle
vue Hospital and asked to see Foldes
sy. He told Dr. Packer that he had a
suspicion that Foldessy was a man
with anarchistic, tendencies," who, he
thought, was connected with a plot to
assassinate Emperor Francis Joseph of
Austria and was also connected' with
the plot through which the Empress
Elizabeth of Austria- was assassinated
In Tyrol.' Binnoa also said that he be
lieved Foldessy had been : employed as
a watchmaker for Kohn & Co.
Dr. Packer refused to allow Binnoa
to see Foldessy. He. advised the man
to go to. the Austrian Consul. Binnoa
went away, after promising to go to-"
day to see the Consul for Austria-Hun
gary. Binnoa did not- call at the con-;
sulate : to-day and the Consul ridiculed
the idea that any man having connec
tion with any plot to assassinate the
Emperor was in this country.
Dr. Packer did not hear from Bin
noa again. He said that Foldessy's
mind was undoubtedly affected, but'at
no time, In any of his conversation,
had he given any utterance showing
anarchistic ideas.
Foldessy *.s believed to be an anar
chist. When captured he had a large
revolver and ; it was said that he ; had
been practicing shooting until he was a
crack shot.
NEW YORK, Nov. 2S.-VT.hat the po
lice knew Kalman Foldessy, 1 the crank
who was arrested on Thursday night
having letters to the President and
others, was a dangerous anarchist was
said to-day to. have been the reason for
th& large guard for President Roosevelt
on* Friday. Foldessy i3 a psychopathic
ward at Bollevue under observation as
to his sanity. • .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAUSALITO, Nov. 23.— Because he
would not marry her daughter, Mrs.- J.
W. Luetter, wife of a steward In the
employ of the Pacific Yacht Club, made
an attempt to horsewhip Joseph Jo
sephs, a news agent, yesterday morn
ing on the Sausalito ferry-boat.
Josephs, who . is employed by A. E.
Iverson, proprietor of the news stands
on ."the Sausalito ferry-boats, was en-
Miss Emma, daughter of Mrs.
'Luetter. of SausaUto, for the past six
months. The marriage ceremony was
to have been^ performed last night, but
Josephs failed to put in an appearance.
The young man lately decided that he
did not want to marry the girl, and a
few days ago took back the wedding
ring with which' he had provided her.
Miss Emma, however,' thought that
her prospective husband would appear
for thV<i»rranged wedding. When he did
not come , her. mother became very
wroth. This morning she met Josephs
on the 11 o'clock boat from San Fran
cisco and entered into a heated argu
ment with him. All efforts to get him
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Joseph Josephs Victim
of an Irate Mother's
Wrath.
Man ; Under Arrest in
New York Is an
:.: Anarchist.
It is understood that the President may
discuss the subject in his annual mes
sage to Congress, but his position regard
ing it has not been disclosed. iV'j.f
WASHINGTON, Nov. 28.— For some
time the Preeldent has been discussing
informally with members of Congress the
proposition to reduce the duties on Phil
ippine products coming into this country
to 50 per cent of the Dingley law rates.
Considerable oppcsltion|has arisen to tho
suggestion, and what the result of the
endeavor to secure a reduction of the
duties will be cannot now be foretold.
The opposition arises principally from
Congressmen representing sugar and to
bacco States. They maintain that if only
BO per cent of the Dingley rates are levied
on tobacco and sugar the industries rep
resented by those products in this counV
try will be impaired seriously. They have
indicated to the President that" they will
make a hard fight against the proposed
reduction.
President Favors Lowering of Rates
to Fifty Per Cent of Dingley
Schedule.
MAY REDUCE DUTY ON
PHILIPPINE PRODUCTS
CRANK IMPERILS
PRESIDENT'S LIFE
WOMAN THRASHES
YOUTH ON BOAT
Josephs became thoroughly fright
ened at the thought of a second beat-
Ing and ran from the Irate woman.
When last seen he was speeding swiftly
up the railroad track in the direction oi
Mill Valley, Later on In the evening
he • returned to town and swore to a
warrant charging Mrs. Luetter with as
sault In attempting to horsewhip him.
The Luetters are well-known Germans
of Sausallto. Miss Emma is 22 years
old and the groom that was not is 23.
to consent, to the, marriage were un
availing. In a sudden fit of anger Mrs.
Luetter seized a large strap from "a
basket she wa» carrying and com
menced to ply It vigorously on the
young news agent's head and should
ers. Josephs ran and hid till the boat
landed at Sausallto. As he was about
to leave the .boat he was again beset
by the wrathful mother, who was
watching for him to come ashore.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 28.— The gunboat
Eancroft, which recently has served as a
station BhlD at San Juan, Porto Rico,
left Pensacola fcr Colon yesterday.
Bancroft Sails for Colon.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 28— Baron Hen
gelmueller, the Austro-Hungarian Am
bassador.' has informed Bunau-Varilla
that his Government ha» recognized / the
republic of Panama. •
Austria Recognizes Panama.
.-In; its letter to the impressionists the
association says: . —
"If you persist in -your refusal we
will renounce you. before the public for
endangering a- national cause of grc^t
importance out^of petty motives."
BERLIN, Nov. N 28.— The General As
sociation of German Art Societies of
Dresden has addressed a letter to the
impressionist branches at Berlin, Mu
nich, Stuttgart. Dusseldorf, Carlsruhe
and Weymer, which have decided not
to exhibit at the St. Louis Exposition,
stating that the question of space dis
tribution haa already been settled in
the interest of a worthy exhibit of Ger
man art, and calling on them to recon
sider their refusal to send pictures.
The association asserts^ that it has
done everything possible* to enable it to
say: "We are sending an elite exhibi
tion to St. Louis and not a collection of
mediocricies." •: ¦ •-.
German Art Society Protests Against
~ff'l the Refusal to Exhibit at
; v/ri St. Louis.
STRONG TERMS USED
TO IMPRESSIONISTS
The appointment of the royal commis
sion to. advise the Government concern
ing the creation of a board for, the ad
ministrative business of the War. Office
and the consequent changes involved is
generally regarded as foreshadowing the
position largely ornamental, .and Lord
Roberts is understood to consider that
his present ill health offers an opportune
excuse for his retirement, thus leaving
the field clear for any changes which
may be reached for the King's approval
by the" commission. From the terms of
the reference to the commission it is
quite evident that it was apointed to find
a practical means of carrying into effect
the recommendations of Lord Esher, a
member of the commission, who urged
the abolition of the post of commander
in chief and the appointment of a gen
eral officer to command the army, mak
ing him responsible to the Secretary- of
War for the efficiency of the .military
forces. Lord Esher further rectnmend
ed the establishment of an advisory and
executive board, .presided over by the
Secretary of War, on the lines of tv.2 Ad
miralty board.
LONDON, Nov. 28. — Although no pub
lic announcement of the fact has yet
been made. itMs understood that Lord
Roberts is about to resign as comman
der in chief. He has been much more
ill than generally known, is still abed
and the condition of his health requires
him to spend the winter In a southern
climate.
Changes in the War Office
Leaves Way for Plans
Outlined.
General's Health- Makes
Quiet Life Neces
sary.
After General Reyes had conferred
with. Dr. Herran he received a call
from* Senor Martinez,; the Chilean Min
ister, who is an old personal friend, and
the visit, it is said, was not of an of
ficial nature. Within the next few days
General Reyes hopes to see all of the
Latin- American diplomats here, to
whom he will explain his mission and
invite their co-operation in obtaining"
from the United States satisfactory
terms. Indeed/ he has already ad
dressed a . cablegram to most of the
South and Central American countries,
advising them of his visit here and
suggesting that their representatives in
Washington be instructed to confer,
with him.
people of the Isthmus of Panama, and,
if possible, to devise a means whereby
the" Hay-Herran treaty may be revived,
ratified bv Colombia and the. United
States, an"d. the actual construction of
thft canal be begun In accordance with
the terms of that convention. He is ac
companied by General Pedro Ospina,'
General Lucas Caballero. Jorge Holguln
and Jose Amjrulo. ; .
General Reyes is clothed with ex
traordinary powers to make "representa
tions to the United States and to con
fer with the envoys of the.XAtln-Amer-
Ican countries at the American capital
In an effort to obtain a peaceful settle
ment of Colombia's troubles with the
"I authorize the press to say for me
at the outset of "my visit that my move
ments here will be strictly, in accord
ance with the powers with which I am
clothed. I shall deal with the officials
of the Washington Government direct,
to whom I bear letters of credence from
the Bogota Government. I am not here
as a private agent and L shall ignore
such reflections upon my personal and
official character."
CLOTHED WITH PULL POWER.
the disturbance. Such an army can
march overland to the Isthmus, the
opinion of ill-advised persons to the
contrary notwithstanding."
APPEALS FOB NT5UTEALITY.
"What can the United States do.
now that a treaty has been sigmed by
Secretary Hay. and Bunau-Varilla?"
"That treaty has not been ratified.
The Colombian Government does not
ask the United States to aid It in put
tings down the revolution on the Isth
mus.'. All we ask is to be allowed to
conduct our own affairs free from out
side interference. The Colombian Gov r
ernment can put down the revolution
without violating a letter of the treaty
of 1846—1 refer to the treaty that we al
ways have respected and adhered to
and not to the treaty as~ interpreted in
the later days. If the United States
maintains a neutral position the revo
lution will be put down."
When his attention was called to the
reports from Panamans and other
sources that'hehad come to,Washing
ton to conduct a lobby to defeat the
ratification of the treaty, he said very
emphatically:' . '.
LORD ROBERTS
MAY RETIRE
BOGOTA WOULD MAKE A GIFT,
Continued Prom Page 21, Column. 6.
THE SAIST FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER • 29, 1903.
22
ceuuioia ace*,. 8I8-82O /AARKfT 5T. V ; v5AK FRAKQI5CO. »»*— *^» • x^
;'"•';'-' /' ' ' /v - The Oldest and Most ReliabTe Department Store In San Francisco.
Celluloid Boxes, Sets, Etc. Brushes and Mirrors.
You of course when buying holiday ores- 'We make a specialty of this line of goods.
ents want to see. a large selection. In this ' l« «' y°? f t0 .. be - "° "'
nQr i. , ,. 1 -Jt-t „ , :•: ¦ sortment exists in San Francisco,
particular line we .outshine all other competit- EB ONY HAIR BRUSHES, 40 styles,
prs, in variety and abundance. plain and mounted $1.50 to $8.00
TOILET SETS in French Stag, Cellu- EBONY CLOTH BRUSHES, plain '
loid and Ebonoid. .$i.oo to $35.00 and mounted. $1.25 to $3.50
\ COLLAR AND CUFF BOXES. 25c to $4.50 EBONY NAIL, HAT, BONNET and
WOROOXF<5 " rL^lr™ VELVET BRUSHES . .. .. .75c to $2.00
MAMTr?T^i^'"' ;* 5 ! 5 EBONY HAND MIRRORS, round or
MANICURE SETS. .$1.25 to $5.00 oval sh long or ring hand le,
HANDKERCHIEF BOXES.. . ,75c to $2.50 French plate.. .: . .$i-75 to $6.00
GLOVE BOXES. . -.':'. ........ .50c to $2.50 TRIPLICATE MIRRORS, 40 different
SHAVING SETS... $1.25 to $15.00 ' styles, in wood or gilt frames, all
PHOTO SSI! • •• 'n S - 50C t tO S $5 - 5 ° PORctL^iiAND ' P^PlfA'ff.**'
( PHOTO ALBUMS (musical) .$3.50 to $15.00 COMBS, BRUSHES AND MIR-
BRUSH AND COMB SETS. $1.50 to $4.00 .; RORS on fancy porcelain TRAYS all
POKER SETS.. ........... .$3.75 to $12.00 the way ! from .$3-75 set up
RIBBOMS, VEILINGS, HOSIERY, NECKWEAR, HANDKERCHIEFS, FURS, BOAS, Etc.
AN INDUCEMENT IN FURS, for this V i MERCERIZED BLACK PETTI-'
week only: ¦ - COATS, 1 full widths, wide accordion
BLACK CONEY SCARFS, reg. $1.75, flounce and tucked ruffle and full
on sale at. 95c underneath; on sale Monday
RUSSIAN BLUE HARE SCARFS, and Tuesday at. , , 95c
reg. $5.00, on sale at : : .' ...... .$2.50 BLACK PETTICOATS, $1.50 values
RUSSIAN BLACK HARE SCARFS,. f or .....$1.10
reg. $5.50, on sale at. ...'...,. ... .... .$2.75 BLACK PETTICOATS, $2.00 values
TIGER HARE SCARFS, reg. $7.00, on for . . . : . i $M5
sale at. $3.50 cossets, cossets.
ELECTRIC SEAL STORM COLLARS, American Beauty. Girdle Tape. Preach •h.a.vo. an size*
r-^rr «Q «« «« c^l- «+ C . «-» *** colon. Special, 30o eacH
reg. $8.00, on sale at ..$4.00 50c corsets for 300
j ISABELLA FOX BOAS, reg. $14.00, ?ioo corsets for boo
«« M 1«, *+ «««« $1.50 CORSETS for 750
on sale at. .....5)7.00 $2.50 corsets for $1.73
To-morrow we offer 20,000 yards of the grandest assortment of NOVELTY SZBBOITS at M tne actnal price, suit-
able for Holiday. Fancy Work, Sashes,* neck wear and millinery purposes. Always sold at 35c. Special I5o per yd.
"SANTA GLAUS' HEADQUARTERS.
, : , NEW GOODS— BEST ASSORTMENT-BOTTOM PRICES.
We Invite Inspection and comparison. 1 OI7T BOOKS, AUTOMOBILES. TELOCTPEDES, TSXCTCUBS. COAST-
ERS — red or white, LOCOMOTIVES, IRON WAGOKS, DOLLS, and CSCILDStEK'S PXTEJS1TUKE. OAMES, «tt.t.ta W t«
TABLES, ETC., and everything 1 else In the Toy Line to supply the Little Polks.
BOOK DEPAhTMaNT SNAPS. Ail the New $1.50 Copyrights $1.08
i.,,,, tinnka bv Martha Finlev cu» to T.'c Fortunes of Fife, by ScaweU; When I Was Czar. Marcta-
PKk's Bad Bov comDlttf 4»c ment; The Pit. by Norrts; Master of Millions, by Lorlmer; The
Wrk'. rnclf L »nd Suibiams 4J>c Grey Cloak, by Macgrath: The Sherrods. by McCntchen; Cnder
UbraJy of Wit iid Humor 4l)c the Rose, by laham; FlHgree Ball, by Anna Green; Gordon
-uTtle {lilyM:'.':"/.^:^ Kelth - by Pare; Yellow Crayon, by Oppenheim.
•LUtle Men" Play, by Alcott. .45c . ,. . HOBBY HORSE, 95i.
A Hole in the Wall, by Alcott. 45c xicely painted; regular 51J0 value.
A Christmas Dream, by Alcott 45c DOLL CiO-CARTS 25~
The Following $1.50 Copyri hts 50 Cci'8 g cro n spoke wheels and lane enough for a rood-slxe
Antonla. by Beldtn; A Whirl Asunder, Athcrton; Wolfvllle doll. Doll Bugg-les. same price. Better onea If you want U»«m
Days Lewis; A. Woman Intervene?. Barr; Your Uncle Lew. at «5c. 43c. 75«, U5c up to ?D-1O.
Sherlock: VJa Lucls, VJvarta: The Younsr Pearl Divers, Whit- T-KEY PIANO 5<ie
marsh; Talcs of the Ex-Tanks. Cullen: Forty Modern Fable.. Rosewood finish- a little beautv O^frf *«t —^ +*. -ri
George Ade: Girl at the Half- Way House. Housh. J\°jj ewoo 7 total1 ' a ntUo *>«auty. Others at -5c. 4Se. 73c
BIBLES AND PRAYER BOOKS. •• i POTATO RACE. 95c.
A'moBt cornnlete assortment In all slzea and various bindings Just the thln« for a winter's evening:. Produce* no end of
a.t lowest possible prices. .¦•¦•• fun. ' ' . ¦ ¦ : . ¦ : ,
'*. ':¦;':•¦;:. Knives, Bazors and Shears Ground and Repaired. Picture Frames of all Descriptions Mada to Order.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
JziSffl The Start
(yv^S^^f 1° married life is generally
Tr.7^5^6^1 made on an equal footing
5fcjj^o5~ of health in man and wife.
Ni(tf|j|«I But how soon, in many
cases, the wife loses the
advantage and fades in face and fails in
flesh, while her husband grows even
more rugged and robust.
There is one chief cause for this wifely
failure and that is. the failure ..of the
womanly health. When there is irregu-
larity or an unhealthy drain, inflamma-
tion, ulceration or female weakness, the
general health is soon impaired.
•S$3C? WW FOR WOMG.N
WHO CANNOT BE CURED.
Proprietors and makers of Dr. Pierce's |
Favorite Prescription now feel fully war- j
ranted in .offering to pay $500 in legal
money of the United States for any case
of Leucorrhea. Female . Weakness, Pro-
lapsus, or Falling of Womb, which they
cannot cure. ' All they ask is a fair and
; reasonable trial of their means of cure.
"A : little over a year aa^> I wrote to you for
advice," savi Mrs. Elizabeth J, Fisher, ofDiana."
W. Va. "Vou advised me to use Dr. Pierce's
Favorite Prescription and * Colden Medical Dis-
covery,' which I did. and *ith th; most happy
result. I wa» troubled with female ¦weakness
and besrine'-down pains. Had a very btd pain
nearly all the time in my left tide, nervousness
and headache. Was so weak I could hardly,
walk across mv room:- Could not sit up only
just a little while fit a time. My husband e°t
rae Mine of Dr. Pierces medicine and 1 began
1 It* use. Before ] I had taken two hottleS I was
able to help do my work. :I used three bottles
in all and it cured me.; Now I do all my house-
work. It is the best medicine I ever used*"
The Common Sense; Medical Adviser,
in paper covers, is sent free on receipt of
2 r one-cent • stamps* lo pay expense ; of
tnailins only. Address Dr. R. V.PierceJ
,: Duffaio, N.-.V.', ;".;%•,;.
DB. PIERCE'S BEMEDIES.
Just a little pain may so distract a
man's mind that it will cost him hun-
dreds of dollars. Life is a battle. To
.succeed one needs all his energies! and
all his brain force to apply to the ques-
tion at hand. Even "a corn will make
him irritable, cross, angry — and an an-
gry man seldom succeeds. The trifling '
pain of a corn is a pleasant feeling be-
side the agonizing ache of piles. That
is a Dain whi/h seems to pervade the
. whole body: It communicates itself to
'air the parts hear the seat of the trou-
ble and brings on a heavy, dragging
feeling in the perineum. Those who
have never so suffered do not know
what it means. It racks the nerves^
prevents sleep, prevents' concentrated
thought and makes a man 1 lose flesh as
fast as he would with a virulent fever.
And yet piles are looked upon as a
little thing. They are neglected— al-
lowed to. run on from month' to month
and year to year. By and by comes a
dangerous surgical operation. Maybe
it cures— maybe it kills.
There is only one sure, safe and quick
cure for piles. It is the Pyramid Pile
Cure. It is a recent discovery and its
properties are such that it cleanses,
soothes and heals the inflamed parts,
reduces the inflammation at once, and
with continued treatment removes all
swelling and all trace of the disease. It
puts the membranes in a healthy,, ac-
tive condition and cures completely and
permanently.
From. Samuel Victor, Detroit. Mich.:
"I had , not written you sooner because
the first box of Pyramid Pile Cure I
used helped me so much, and I wanted
to > wait until I was completely, cured,
and so it was that after using three
boxes of your Pyramid .Pile Cure I am
entirely cured of : the terrible disease
from which I have suffered six months;
and now I am usinsr Pyramid Pills,
which help me very much."
From' B. H. Palmer,- Windsor, Cal. :
"I. have been troubled for fifteen years
with ' piles and have tried different
salves and "ointments, but never came
across anything like your" Pyramid Pile
Cure. I used: two 50-cent boxes 7 three
months ago, and they have* made a
complete cure, and I am recommending
them to every one I know to be afflict-
ed. Thanks for the cure."
From .Thomas A." Nixon, S54 N.< Bam-
brey street, Philadelphia: "It is now.
time I should let, you know; that. I am
cured of bleeding piles- If you only,
knew how I have suffered from- them
for the last nine years . in pain. • Last
April jl went to, the '.druer -store -and
bought aBO-cent box of. Pyramid Pile
Cure, andiZ. found r.t last a good cure.
I had Bpe'nt dollars trying to get cured
of my j piles; ' all 'others ; have , failed to
cure me. but now* I am • happy , to have
a good sleep and be able to .work; also."
' Pyramid' Pile r Cure,; is/sold I by f drug-;
gists '"generally. If ; yours ; doesn't keep
it he will get it for you if you ask; him.
Book Ion ';. cause and ; cure \of ? piles ¦ sent
free. Address Pyramid Drug Co.; Mar-
shall. Mich. :
He Can't Eat, Can't Sleep, Cant Get
Comfort Any Way But One—Pyra-
mid Pile Cure Will Cure Him,
(Jive Belief at Once — IT ever
. Known to Fall.
WHEN HE IS: SUFFERING WITH
r- PILES. :
A' MAN CAN'T WORK
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
DJL KILMEK'S SWAMP-BOOT.
ADVEETISEMENTS.
THOUSANDS HIVE KIDNEY
TROUBLE M DON'T KNOW IT
T Mm !! : ":!i3| fiSSi
I s I v i I Wmm ¦ ! & rMM^M^ \
To Prove what Swamp-Root, the Great Kidney Remedy
Will Do. for YOU, Every Reader of "The Call" May
Have a Sample Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
Weak and unhealthy kidneys are responsible for more sickness
and suffering than any other disease— therefore,^ when, through
neglect or other causes, kidney trouble is permitted to continue,
fatal results are sure to follow.
Your other organs may need attention— but your kidneys most,
because they do most and need attention first.
If you arc sick or "feel badly," begin taking Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, the great kidney. liver and bladder. remedy, because
as soon as your kidneys begin to get better they will help all the
other organs to health. A trial will convince any one.
T ~ ~ . ¦ . .'-- .'^-.; '"•- ; '--;--v
The mild and immediate effect of Dr. day, smarting or irritation m passing:.
Kilmer's Swamp-Root, the jrreat kidney brickdust or sediment in the urine,
and bladder remedy, is soon realized. It headache, backache, lame back, dizzi-
stands the highest for its wonderful ness, sleeplessness, nervousness, heart
cures of the most distressing cases, disturbance due to bad kidnev trouble.
S-.vamp-Root will set your whole sys- skin eruptions from bad blood, neural-
tem right, and the best proof of this gia. rheumatism, diabetes, bloating, ir-
is a trial. ritability. worn-out feeling, lack of am-
u east 120TH st.. new tork city. bition. loss of flesh, sallow complexion.
i>«r sir: Oct. 'is, vjoz. or Bright's disease.
*3*Zi ErWSSSS? iS^SSiSSS K your water, when allowed to "re-
former strength and power had left me; i main undisturbed in a jrlass or bottle for
twenty-fourhours forms a sediment or
•w-ished to die. 'it va? th<r. i naw'an advertise- settling or has a cloudy appearance, it
ment of your* m • n>w York paper but wouu j s ev id e nt that your kidneys and blad-
not have raid any attention to it had It not j , , •__ i« . -??^._*-__
iironiiytvi a i?w-om guaranty ti-ith ererr botti* oer neea immeaiate attention.
of your medicine, asfertlne that your rtimp- Swamp-Root is the great discovery of
Root Is PMrdy vegetable and dofe not contain . t-j_ l':i m . r t u- »rntnent Widnpv and
any harmful drucs. I am seventy yean, and | ur - iVJimer, Hie emineni Kidney ana
four month* old and with a *<xxi conscience i r bladder specialist. Hospitals use it
&l&S5lS£S2£SSi mSSSSSmk^ wonderful success in both slight
family have ixtn Mtar swamp-Root lor tour } and severe cases. Doctors recommend
different kidney dipoa?e« with the fame good j t to their patients and use it in their
th»nk- to you. i remain. own families, because they recognize
\>rr truly your*. in Swamp-Root the greatest and most
noBEKT bern-er. successful remedy.
You may have a sample bottle of this Swamp-Root is pleasant to take and
famous kidney remedy. Swamo-Root. is for sale the world over at druggists
sent free by mail, post-paid, bv which in bottles of two sizes and two prices
3'ou may test its virtues for such dis- — fifty cents and one dollar. Remern-
orders as kidney, bladder and uric acid ber the name, Swamp-Root.- Dr. Kil-
<iiseases. poor digestion, when obliged mer^s Swamp-Root, .and the address,
to pass your water frequently nieht and | Binghamton. N. Y., on every bottle.
EDITORIAL NOTICE— If you have the slightest symptoms of kid-
ney or bladder trouble, or if there is a trace of it in your family history, send
at once to Dr. Kilmer & Co.. Binghariton, N. Y., who will gladly send you
by mail, immediately, without ci>st to you, a sample bottle of Swamp-Root
and a book containing manv' of the thousands upon thousands of testimonial
letters received from men and women cured. In writing, be sure to say that
you read this generous pfter in *the San Francisco Sunday Call.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Itch Fiend
Tt:»t it «a!t Kheum or Eczema,— one of
the outward nzarJfcEtations ol scrofula.
It conies in itching, burning, oozing, dry-
ing, and scaling patches, on the face, head,
hands, legs or body.
It cannot be cured by outward applica-
tions,— the blood must be rid o* the Im-
purity to which it is due.
Hocd'sSarsaparilla
Has cured the most persistent and difficult
cases. Accept no substitute for Hood's ; no
substitute acts lite It.
! Wright I
I Medical Institute, g
305 KEARNY ST. I
Thoroughly equipped for modern |3
treatment of tr>o sick and afflicted, n
Consult our fhyticlans at office or by •£
letter. : »
we rosmvELT cure , a
! rcreaJp Dljcascn. chronic affection! of. tm
the Stcmacb «nd Kidneys, Scrofula and H
cl! lilood diseases. Ca.tarrh, Asthma. If
I nheumatlFtn. Sciatica. ParaJycis and f|
( Spinal <il««a£C8. W.
\ MKS. confult our rr>ectallct and be ttjj
s convinced of h!« superior ability. -¦ £j
! I'lLKS and all rectal disease* treated ¦
¦& on a positive guarantee. It
Consultation free at office or by m
l*>tT«T. |i
I WRIGHT MEHJICAL. INSTITUTE. R
305 KEARNT ST.. H
San Francisco. Cal. H
J»urely vegetable, mild and reliable. Causes
perfect digestion, couplet* absorption and
healthful regularity. « ¦ ; '
l'cr the cure of nil disorders of the Stomach.
Liver. Bowels, Kidneys. Bladder. Female ¦ Ir-
regularities, Biclc Headache. Biliousness. Con-
Ktipatloc Piles and all derangements of tbe
Internal Viscera. 25c a box. At druggists or
.tar "¦tJV ' RADWAT & CO.. New York.
MB Vjjl/ J^MPFtjjC y|l^» % J if V J<r% Yt jjjffSMBtc^PiMByteM?tfcp^^isiP*WaVM R*lA dogr iwon't^ yelp'if * you ' strike * him
wlttk » bone.- <^___-_ , •;;,¦/¦;>
Examining a Fool.
While; the late Major . Pond— was
taking Winston Churchill I through the
United States on a lecture : tour, there
was some sort of misadventure in Phil;-,
adelphia regarding the luggage, and in
the Hotel Bellevue Major Pond talked
bitterly, of to a group jot reporters
for a while, : finally telling them a fool
story.
"The fool; I speak of now," he said,
"doesn't resemble the fool, who has
mislaid - our However, "to be
gin: fif/v
"There was a fool who went to the
miller's to' have some grain ground >for
his^father.. The miller said to him: .
" 'So you are a fool, eh?' , .
".'I: guess I' am,' replied' the youth.
. "'A fool,' eh? A' natural,' mused' the
milleKi'WeV ain't got. many natural
f 00.1s- hereabouts,: I'll, have to examine
youa bit. "Do you mind?'
'.' 'Oh.I no, 'of "course " hot,' the ' fool
answered; politely. ' v
* " 'Well, my lad, since you're a f<5ol, f
began the miller, 'I = want you ' first to
tell nie'-what. you know, and afterward
what' you don't r know.' ¦ Now, to begin.
What do you know?' .
""¦ ".'I -know, 1 said , the fool,. with a leer,
•that" the' miller's; hogs' are fat.'
I ".'Good;'. very good/ said the ¦ miller.
'That" is r what .you ¦ know. ' Now tell ; us
'what "youVdon't^ know.' • ¦
¦ . "The fool leered again.' , . \- ;
V" .'I ,'doh't; know? whose •: grain • fattens
'em,' he'sald."^Boston"Post; ' \ :-'
SAN DIEGO, Nov. 23.— A water
famine, then a flood and the flood worse
than the famine, is the basis of an ac
tion for damages begun yester
day in the Superior Court. The
California Dev«lopment Company,
which embraces the Imperial Company
and Imperial Water Company No. 1.
are made defendants In an action
brought by- Colby N. Thomas, Minnie
D. Thomas and: Charles E. Brown of
Nogales, Ariz., and John K. Thomas of
Imperial. > ; . •*>--:
It is 'set forth in ., the .complaint that
the; plaintiffs set out a piece- of ground
In wheat and' barley, but the water
company failed to carry out Its contract
to supply sufficient water, thus causing
injury to' the crops. .Later, however, it
is charged that through faulty con
struction and negligence on the part of
the defendants the storage dam gave
way and the water rushed over the
land of the plaintiffs, entirely destroy
ing what remained: of the. crops. The
buildings, improvements, orchards "and
ditches were covered with silt and
debris. The plaintiffs claim that their
land is damaged tb.the extent of $25,000
and seek , to recover that amount.
Allege That Their Land Was Badly
Damaged by a Storage Dam ;^':
Giving Way.
FARMERS COMMENCE SUIT
AGAINST WATER COMPANY
Asserts TlTat They Held Him inWas
' co County* Jail* Until He 'Paid
Them $150....;'-
V PORTLAND. Nov. 28.— Otto" Eastlund
has begun ; suit : in : the : Federal Court to
recover/damages for being, "as he says,
falsely'. Imprisoned'- In LWascoT County
that I rnoney -'might be • extorted . from
PRISONER ACCUSES .
OFFICERS 1OF EXTORTION
BAD WATER CAUSES
- TYPHOID EPIDEMIC
Thirteen Hundred Cases Reported in
Pennsylvania Town Since Middle
of September.
BUTLER, Pa.,- Nov. 28.— Since the
15th of September this town has had
1300 cases of typhoid fever and fifteen
deaths. One death was reported to-day
and new cases continue to develop. The
State Board of Health* to-day investi
gated the cause of the unusual condi
tions'and. tcr-nisht: Issued a statement
in which they, say the borough of Butr
ler has been visited with a serious epi
demic of typhoid fever j in its various
types and . that . the, cause is the pollu
tion of; the water : used in the greater
part 'of ..the'; borough. ...The -pollution' is
clearly traceable to cases of . typhoid
fever 'in j proximity \ to. the, reservoir of
the Butler Water Company."
President Smith of Trinity College.
New Haven, will retire next year as head
of the institution, and will receive a Ufa
pension of $3000 a year thereafter.
VALDEZ, Alaska. Nov. 23, via Seat
tle, Nov. 28.— Judge Wickersham to-day
gave his opinion confirming the' title of
the Alaska Copper Company to the
complete and undisputed ownership of
the Bonanza mines back of Valdez, the
key to the Copper Rfver Company situ
ation.
The .decision undoubtedly means the
building of the road, as the Havemey
ers are th,e financial backers of the vic
torious- company.
¦ The Bonanza mines are valued at $17,
000,000, though this Is Just, approxi
mately, as estimates of their value can
be made only from the surface indica
tions. . Senator Heyburn of Idaho, Con
gressman Cuahman and Andrew F.
Burleigh, formerly receiver of the
Northern Pacific Company, represented
the defeated plaintiffs in the big suit
The cuestion as" to the title of the
properties arose through a misunder
standing over grubstake rights.
Durinr the last year California pro
duced twice as much gold aa Alaska and
Colorado produced more than three times
as much.
Alleged Rioters Bound Over.
.TELLURIDE, Colo., Nov. 2S.— The
preliminary examination of Secretary
Oscar M. Carpenter and eleven , other
members of the local miners' union, on
charges of congregating for the pur
pose of -rioting and conspiracy to
break the law, occurred to-day before
Justice Warrlngton Robinson. Eleven
of the men were bound over to the Dis
trict Court. \ Five were charged with
misdemeanor and^conspiracy to' com
mit misdemeanor and ¦ the others' with
conspiracy, only. The bond of the first
five is fixed' at $1000 each and the oth
ers at $7^0.
Dispute Over Ownership
of Bonanza Group
7 Settled.
COMPANY WINS
PRECIOUS MINES
to-night that .they had the strike well
in hand and were confident of victory.
The injunction case of the United Mine
Workers' against the Victor Fuel Com
pany, to restrain the latter from Inter-,
fering with union men visiting any
properties of- the company, ended to
day. Judge Lindsay dismissed the pro
ceedings on the ground of lack of evi
dence.
him. The defendants are Sheriff F. C
Sexton, District Attorney Frank Mene
fee and Elmer Ward and J. T. Robert
son, two business men of Wasco. East
lund claims that he hired a team from
Ward and Robertson and drove It
farther than he first Intended. An In
creased charge was demanded of him,
which he refused to pay. Later he was
put in Jail and the District Attorney,
according to Eastlund, offered to re
lease him on payment of 5150. After
staying in Jail eight days. Eastlund
says, he paid the money and came
straight to Portland and began the
present suit. v - ; :
BERLIN". Xov. 28.— A fishing: ««>et la coa
fidetably overdue and presumably has been
lost in the North Sea with the entire crew,
totaling: fifteen men. __ ,
Decides Against the Unions.
TRINIDAD. Co^., Nov. 2&— To-night
ends the third week oPthe coal miners'
strike in District No. 15, with no per
ceptible change in this (Las Anlmas)
county, which produced more than
twice as much coal as any other county
In the entire • district prior, to the
strike. The miners" officials reported
WILL NOT DEAL WITH TJNION.
Utah Fuel Company Rejects Governor
Wells' Mediation. n '
SALT LAKE, Utah, Nov. 2S.— Vice
President Kramer of the Utah Fuel
Company has replied to Governor
Wells' telegram of yesterday, asking
If he (Kramer) would meet a commit
tee from. the Miners' Union and endea
vor to settle the' coal miners' strike in
Carbon County. Kramer positively de-
WASHINGTON, Nov. 28.— Acting Ad
jutant General Hills to-day received a
telegram from Major General Bates,
commanding- the Department of the
Lakes, saying that he had completed
his investigation of the labor troubles
in Colorado and that he was about to
return to his regular station in^hlcago.
He said that In his judgment there was
nothing in the present situation to call
for the use o' Federal troops.
Dert£h of a Pioneer Miner
PORTLAND, Or., Nov. 2S.— James W.
Virtue, x pioneer of the Pacific Coast,
who formerly owned the famous Virtue
mine, near Baker City, died at his resi
cV-nce here yesterday of liver com
plaint. Virtue was one of the best
known mining men In Oregon. He made
the first attempt to bring mining ma
chinery across the plains Into this
State, and to-day a mass of rusted iron
on the plains of Southern Idaho testi
fies to h!s unsuccessful effort. In later
life Virtue was not fortunate finan
cially. He lost the Virtue mine, which
was later acquired by George W. Gray
son of San Francisco. Other reverses
met liim and although he always re
mained In active mining business he
died comparatively poor.
General Bates Opposes the
Sending of Regulars to
Colorado.
PHILADELPHIA. Nov. 28.— Army and
navy officers were the honored guests to
night at the "Founders' day" banquet of
the Union League Club. The list of guests
included Lieutenant General Young, Ma
jor 3eneral Brooke, Major General Cor
bln, Brigadier General A. T. Bates, Brig
adier General John A. Johnson. Admiral
Dewey. Rear Admirals Brown. Remey,
Melville, O'Nell, Clark, Harris, Sigsbee,
General John C. Black, commander in
chief of the Grand Army of the Repub
lic; Senators Penrose of Pennsylvania
and Perkins of California, and Governor
Pennypacker of Pennsylvania.
In response to a toast General Young
made an Interesting epeech concerning
tho army, in which he said that the re
cent organization of a stan* had done
more to promote ,£he efficiency of the
army of the country than any other act
of legislation which Congress had pro
vided.
Rear Admiral Sigsbee spoke oh the ne
ces>-tty for an efficient navy. He said in
part:
•"The most difficult problem that the
navy has to solve at the present time Is
in respect to her personnel. We find it
well nigh impracticable to enlist, train
and keep enough men. for the needs of
the service. Time and experiment will
eolve the problem.- but it must be ad
mitted that the solution is yet hardly in
eight. Formerly the British navy suf
fered from desertions and rrom other
troubles that we now have, but Great
Britain overcame the difficulty. With U3
at present the . shore career offers the
greatest promise. When we have found
ways and means to reverse these con
ditions, the problem of enlisted personnel
y- 4 ll have been solved. We are coming to
it, alth^URh slowly."
iNEWTORIi, Nov. 28.— Among the pas
sengers who arrived to-day on the steamer
Philadelphia were Commander Robert E.
Peary, Lieutenant Commander, Wiiliam
S. Sims and Lieutenant Surgeon Henry
G. Beyer, U. S. N.. who have been in
specting the barracks 1 system • of/ British
and German naval stations with a view
to determining the advisability of build
ing similar , barracks at- our navy yards
for the housing of seamen to take' the
place of receiving ships. Commander
Peary said there was no truth in the re
port that he had negotiated for tho pur
chase of a ship for his next expedition to
the Polar seas.
Commander Peary said he probably
would leave here in July and try to reach
the north »hore of Grantland and camp
there/until the coming of spring, when
the dash to tho pole will be attempted.
"I will make the hardest try to reach
the polo that has. yet been made. If I
can get my ehlps'to the north shore of
Grantland," he said, "I will answer for
the rest. I am confident that I shall reach
the pole. I am familiar with conditions,
and I ; have the experience, I know
the road thoroughly, and . I , know
what I will have. to contend with. An
other reason is that I have reached that
stage in my acquaintance with the Es
quimos that I can utilize them as I see
fit and distribute them as I desire. If I
get to Grantland I am sure I can attend
to the rest. I will also find a way to get
back to the ship.",
Commander Peary said that his wife
would not accompany him this time.
clines to meet representatives of the
United Mine Workers of America, on
the ground that the present condition
of affairs was brought about "for the
sole purpose of aiding- their organizers
in Installing their union in Its suprem
acy to the law, order," dignity and
peace of the State, and the absolute
exclusion from work of all employes of
the Utah Fuel Company who would
not Join their union."
Kramer says that his company has
at. all times been willing to submit to
the State Board of ¦ Arbitration any
grievances that may exist between the
employer and employe covering such
questions as may properly come before
the board. . , ;
Union League of Fhiladelphia
Gives Banquet to
Offlcars.
Commander Intends to Start
From the Nort h Shore of
Grant] and.
Admiral Sigsbee Says
Personnel of Service
Is a Problem.
Explorer Will Make . An
other Dash North
/ Next Year.
NAVY IN NEED
OF MORE MEN
PEARY SAYS HE
WILL FIND POLE
SAYS FEDERAL
SOLDIERS WILL
NOT BE NEEDED
THE SAN IBAKCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOYEMBER 29, 1903.
£RMY OFFICER WHO SAYS
¦ REGULARS ARE NOT NEED
ED IN COLORADO.
23
Above nobody's reach-
Schilling's Best are not best in
the sense of extravagant; true
and fullrstrength ; clfeap.
Your grocer's ; moneyback.
nil Hell the U. S. safferinz with
W W ¦¦¦¦¦' EPILEPSY or FITS to send
lor one of my large-slaed bottles (18 fall ox)
CT DCr ff aa*« » does all that Is claimed
rKtC for it, the patient can then eon-
tlnne the treatment which Is not expensive.
Or. F. E. 6RANT, Dipt. 973, Kansas City, Mo.
D2. SHOOP'S REMEDIES.
!f You Have These Symptoms
Send For fly Book.
Jf you wart to feol better.
If you »ant more streasth.
If you lack ambition.
If you can't do thingrs like you used to.
If you lack ojntfdenee in yourself.
If your nerve — your courage^ — is leav-
ing you.
If you lack vim, vigor, vitality.
If something is eating away your con-
stitution, write to me for the book you ;
reed.
The book tells of my discovery. Tells
how after thirty years I found the causo
cf the symptoms, and many others,
given r.bove.
Ttxe !*>•>:< tells how by scientific ex-
porim<:it I traced out the causes that
brfu* "ii chruni«dlseases. It tells how
I perfected my prescription — Dr. Shoop*s
Restorative.
1 four.d invariably where there was a i
Brcaksess that the inside nerves were
Y/eak. ,-•..
Where there was a lack of vitality that '
Um vit.il nerves lacked power.
Where weak organs were found I al-
ways found weak nerves.
Not the nerves commonly thought of
bat the vital organ nerves, the Inside— i
the Invisible nerves.
This was a revelation. '¦
Then my real success began.
Then 1 combined Ingredients that I
would strengthen, that would vitalize !
these nerves. :
That prescription I called a restora-
tive.
It is known the world over now as Dr.
Shoop's Restorative. After that I did '
rot fall to cure one case in each hun- j
cred. In the extremely difficult caues <
nay failures for five years were one in '¦
each forty treated. I found cancer in- !
curable. Cancer is for eurgery, 1 not j
medicine.
Then how to get this prescription to ,
the sick •ones everywhere was my'
thought. i
1 must announce It in the public press. •
But, thought I. will they realize the )
truth of my discovery — The real power)
of Dr. Shoop's Restorative? Then a
way camo to me — like a revelation.
"I will offer it to the sick on trial." ;
paid I. 'Then they will know I am !
Bincere."
I wrote a reliable druggist In each city ;
and village In America.
T got their consent to co-operate with i
me. I
Now to any sick one j
Dr. Shoop's Restorative 1
Can be Taken on Trial.
For a full month I will let you use It
entirely at my risk. >
Send no money. Just write me for j
the book you need. When I eend it I
will tell you of a druggist near you who ;
will pc-rrr.it the month's trial.
Use the Restorative a month. Then |
decide. If you say to the druggist. "It j
tbd not help me. ' that will relieve you '
of any expense whatever. He will bill '
. the cost to me.
This is my way of clearing your minA *
<">f all doubts as to what Dr. Shoop's :
Rf-storative can do.
No matter how prejudiced, you cannot
dispute this absolute security I offer. 1
You cannot resist an offer like this ;
if you are at all sick.
If you have a weakness, vfrite me.
If you cant do things like you used !
'to do them, tell me about it. !
Write in confidence. As a physician j
I will tell you a way to help.
Get my book now — to-day.
Simply Mate which Kock 1 on r>yspe;)s;a
-, , , . Hook 2 on the Heart
book you went uni e.4- j Jook « rn the Kijneys J
"ri-eK* !>• Phocn Hook 4 for Women
ore** v.. H(X)k s fQr Mmj ilmuied) 1
I>oi 2i3«. Itacine. TVis. Book 6 on Rheumatism, j
I
r.tild cases, r.ot chronic, are often
cored with one or two bottles. At drug- j
SJBt*'. I
OCEAN TRAVEL.
S&\r r>v Steamers leave San Fraa- j
yvVJ^-^-^P^y Cisco us follow*: !
/T-Z^^L^S^v^ For Ketchikan. WrangeU j
IC \T3^^l **\ Juneau. Usuries. Sk&c*'»y.
j I 1 «c. Alaska— 11 a. m.. Nov.
y \ \ftft*Lft ¦ I 27. !->*¦.•. 2. Chans* to cota-
yS^L. \ ySJ P 6n >"'« Ftoair.er« at Seattle.
r ° r Victoria. Vancouver. '
Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta- '
ooma, tverett, Whatcom — 11
a. m., Nov. 27. Dec. 2. Change at Seattle to
this company's rteanHTg for Alacka and G. N. '¦¦
l:y. : at Seattle or Taooma to N. P. Ry.; at i
Vancouver to C. P. Railway.
For Eurrka «Humbol4t Bay) — Pomona. 1:30 i
P- m.. Nov. 30, Dec. C; Corona. 1:30 p. m., (
.Ncv. 27. Dec. 3 I
For I>33 Anrel«a (via Port Los Angeles aa<S ¦
Hedondo). San Diepo and Saata Uarbaia — Ban-
ta Uosa, Sundays. 9 a. m. ¦
Ftate of California, Thursday?, 9 a. m. :
l*or Los Anceles (via Ssn Pedro and Eaut
i-o.-. Pedro). Barbara, Sania Cruz. Mos-
?»r»y. Ban Simeon. «'ayucos. Port Harford (Saa
LuU Oblspo). Ventura &nd Hueneme.
Coos Bay, 9 a. in., Nov. 25. Dec. 3.
Itonlta, 9 a. m,. Nov. 29, Dec. 7.
For Ensenada. Mardaleca Bay. Ban Joie del
Cabo, Mazattan. Altata, La Paz. Santa Ro-
*'.:.a. CaajTSai (Mex.), 10 a. m., 7th of each 1
nonti. |
For further Information obtain folder.
ri!cht is reserved to cr.ar.ge steasiers or aall-
iTiK dates.
TICKET OrriCES — 4 New Montgom-
ery fctr«-t d'a'.ace Hotel), 10 Market street and
Broadway wharvee.
Freight office. 10 Market street.
C D. Dl'NANN. General Passenrer Ac»nt,
10 Market street. San Francisco.
O. /?. & N. CO.
"Columbia" sails Nor. 23. Dec. », 19. 29
"Oors-e W. Elder" sails Dec. 4, 14, 24. Only
Fteairship line to PORTLAND. OR., and ehort 1
rail line from Portland to all potnu Hast, i
Through tickets to all point*. aJI rail or steern- j
and rail at LOWEST RATES. Steamer
tickets include berth and m?als. Steamer satis
rod of Syear st. at 11 a. m. 6. F. BOOTH,
Oen. Act. Pass. Dept.. 1 Montgomery »t. ; C.
<LTFFORD. Oea. Art. Freight Dept.. S
Montgomery st.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.>
St^ari-ert vV.i leave wharf, corner Flr»t and
Braciian t-tr^ts a: 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
*i<l HONGKONG, oalllnj at Kobe (Hiogo).
Naira*ak( nn-'. Shanghai, and connecting at
Ilonjrkonz with «tfatn»rs for India, etc. - No
oarso reoeivrd on board on day of catling:.. • . •
S. S. HONGKONG MARU j
Thursday. December -3 • 1003 I
S S. NIPPON MARC (calling at Manila) j
. ...'. ....... Wetinwlay. December SO. 1903
S S.AMERICA MARU
Monday. January 25 1904 <
VUi Ilor-oluJu. Roar.d-trl!» tlck»l« at reduced •
rate*. Vor frcleht and pas*aRe apply at Com- 1
tally's oltc*. 421 Market rtreet. corner First.
V.\ H. AVERY.; General AgenL
c p. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Dec 1. 11 a. m. i
3 E VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck. *
"l^B<i an<1 Sydney. Thursday. Dec 10. 2 p. m. i
S. S ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Dec 19,11 am. ;
a. I'tizn is i sm.a.. ip., new j^.mj inua
Ir£tt£[5xlB CirWIL.Pfc'Ie. 1 t tts& JL
COKFAGSIS GEKE3ALE TSAFSATLiKHQUE.
DIRECT LIKE TO HAVRE- PARIS. Jf+ca.
PallitiK ..cry Thursday lristead of ¦^^JSSfR
y-aturday at 10 a. rn.. from Pier 42. »-*£fle»
North RIv«t foot of Morton ctreet. 1
Flnst.cUirs to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec- I
rvnd-clats to Havre. $45 and '"Upward. GEN-
KHAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
'"ASADA, :-i Broadway (Hudson Bulldlnr).
New Vork. J. F» FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Ai^nts. & Mr.ntsomcry avenue. San Francisco.
Tlfketg «o:d by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
Mare Iriand and ' VaJleJo Steamer*.
Ftearacr GEN. FRISDIE or MONTICELLO—
'.t-AT, a B- -5:15 and S:M p. m.. except Sunday.
Sur.ufcy. 0:<5 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave.ValleJo,
7 a. m.. 12:30 and 6 p. ta.. ex. " Sunday. Sun-
Jay 7 a. ta. 4:13 p m. Fare,-fi0 cents. T'L
Main 150*. PJer 2. Mission- tt. dock. HATCH
1 :T?oS..^BB^BfiEMl
The feekly Call,
.; 61 PCI* Ycak'^'Vfe;- I
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTTSETVnSNTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A Beautiful Girl Saved Frorn Dread Consumption—-
Other. Wonderful Cures.
fTYYTTTIITTgXlIgglSlllTilgTIIIIIITI IiyTTTIITTTIllIIlI^ Peruna cures the cause fn the rlcht
fc ~*W/W>u*i-^ i i" I ii 111 r I M vray - Ie Clires catarrh of tho bronchial
H *fc.\. -rftfvLSJL$MA7)i/')<l£*&>Z m tubos « causes the cough. The ca-
Z /Wl lUlr* H^'MKlJf lmvXl> Xjttc^y VJw M tarrh having b«en cured, the cough
it ~v > - IB -yTH^J^^^JlpBSHS^SSlby^if^^^v *IiOO h ceases. This la the only right way to
W ft >^^l^f^^^^ H >US r Ma^ eI A " BraiI ford. 2S20 West 32(5
it '^^?i 1 jBHsBr^SB^i^^v^^ "* eV8r ' What Colorado . ozonQ could not
WJ !j f? >|,'ife: T f ***^^Lf_~."^ : I* ' » ¦ * lJfl!li!lillk!Uiiiii'JsT . P^t ' * came upset, and my head and bac'i began
a %^/\ iS-IitIJTOt ¥ \ i H "^ a " advised to try Perunn, and rI-
H f\ |^^KM% n - jB5HJ^S^B^^Hsg^^asB^gB58B^aHiSBy ' ciiuo last. Within three weeks I was com-
f ' i^ ni'li^'Mi 0 fcj^^»fe^^BpBBi^j t^^gCr^^^^By^^^M<^Sj^ffi^yfLj *I now havt* the greatest xciith in J?c —
1 — *a STl _ _ _ ITl- _- -_ 1 J L HJ I '- - "L". '¦-, ¦ uimJ States are suffering from catarrh. They
iTfl»I»»Iini;i»»»»»^iili;»^I^IZ»IHllIlC are doctoring for almost any other dis-
Mrs. r Mary E. Holbert. 2501 Cl'.nton ed health took its place. In two months p^.nT'S A .nT,t^rll e » 8 i° f
avenue. Minneapolis, Minn., writes:^ he was perfectly well and able to per- f ?" u "t t JI° uld , **£ dic ??,t wJ?h
"My son suffered for three months form his duties. You have indeed a Jf^J^lSuvJ™™^^" -«h^2i >.I^IJh
with catarrh of the bronchial tubes grateful mother's thanks."— Mrs. Mary clean, healthy mucous membranes health
iwhich threatened to become very serious. Holbert. inevitably roiiows.
The doctors advised that he seek a more It is the" praise of those who have been *' vou do not der * v « prompt and satis-
favorable climate, but as he had heard of cured by Peruna that makes this remedy factory results from the use of Peruna.
Peruna as a specific for lung trouble he so popular and so extensively used. No write at once to Dr. Hartman, griving a
decided t^ give it a trial before he left advertisement could have-' accomplished full statement of your case and he will
his family for. an expensive journey this result. c£> be pleased to give you his valuable ad-
among strangers. For six months he Peruna cures the first stages of con- vlce gratis.
used it faithfully and found that the sumption by removing the cause, which Address Dr. Hartman. President of Tha "
trouble gradually disappeared and bless- is. chronic catarrh. Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus. Ohio.
Free Delivery X .-. x * .
Within 1 I I I I I I I
100 Miles. 1 ' I ill
S7.50 Iron Bed $4.50
A substantial design of mora than
ordinary quality for on« so cheap;
heavy corner posts, capped by largo
brass knobs; rezular $7.30 value.
This week
$4.50
CASH OR CREDIT \
We ar« complete house-furnishers—
Flats, hotels or country homes.
Estimates cheerfully given, I
T. BRILLIANT I
FURNITURE CO. ,
?3S-342 Po*t St., Opp. Union Squa-r
J ' ¦ . . " \ . . ¦ o
Our youths' suits are not boys'- suits made
jgj-rjg, in larger sizes, but are fashioned and cut like
.^^J^^^^^wjsg^ . young men who purchase here are so well
])leased. Their parents are pleased, particu-
O^^^^^^^P^ ecause they' get stylish garments at
-(+* jo/ We picture a youth's suit, in the single.
\*^** -^i breasted blue serge. Our special grice for.
\* a $$0 X. ' 1S su^ P^ aces it before you at a saving of
JnSJ^ JgSbiti. fully a third. We also have the garments in
'/^'-wA S0!$t$^9^*? Ue cheviot, fancy and dark mixtures, in sin-
. e °. r d° u^te breasted style. The | ages are
¦ M^-A^^-ip^a^^^^'^'^^k> ' • from 13 to 19 years. .The sale price is
Boys' 3=Piece Suits
JmS%&- : - : :^^^^^^^M V^P^y If >' our bo >' is between nine and fi^een
W^Sm^i^^^^^^^^&^^^^Mr years of . age ? buy him a l l iree 'P iece suit - If
f^'- :^^^^%^vy^^M^fi^^^^^^ he is nine or ten years of age he will appre-
' K^^S^^S^^^^^ At $4 " 00 we have three "i )iece sr ' Its - madc of
' black cheviots, black and white mixed tweeds
At $6.50 we show an elegant line of stylish
hB American Boys' Library
! **&2§*>vi ! - : ''' ¦'¦'¦¦ ''* :^-^^^ stalled on our second floor. He will be given
'^^^^^^¦'¦¦''' : ' : $^^^ a card ent i t^ n g' n i m to one book at any time,
: ' V 4^^^^ and upon its return another book can be se-
¦ izr '-'' K "^$^^m •'¦'¦•¦ \ Ouf-of-town orders filled for any advertised goods.Czarina Resting Easily.
SKIERNEVTICE, Russian Poland.
Nov. 23.— The following bulletin con
cerning the condition of the Czarina
was issued to-day: "Her Majesty's
temperature last night was 99.1, pulse
64. Her temperature this morning was
9S.2. Her Majesty passed a good night.
The local inflammation is taking a nor
mal course."
Wants Pay for Discomfort.
PARIS, Nov. 2S.— Deputy Lasles'
name figures at the head of the com
mittee of the Western Railway of
France, which has just lost a law suit
which settles an Interesting point of
railway law. A passenger sued the
company for damages owing to the
overcrowding of his compartment; the
company pleaded necessity, on account
of the fountains playing at Versailles
and also the Longchamp - races. The
court decided it was not a case of ne
cessity, as the company was aware in
advance of the- fountains 'and- races,
and sentenced the company to pay
damages and a fine. -
Passing of Great Coxnetist.
CHICAGO, Nov. 2S.— Jules Levy, the
world-famous cornetlst, died here to
day of apoplexy. He was In his sixty
sixth year.
PARIS, Nov. 28.— The erection of the
pedestal of the Lafayette statue In the
Louvre garden has given rise to a criti
cism of the American method of build
ing.
"The placing in position of some 300
or 400 completely trimmed stones, some
weighing more than a ton, necessitates
minute and heavy labor and resemblea
the methods of medieval workmen."
says the architect, of the Louvre, who
Is charged to overlook the construction.
"whereas the French workmen lay the
roughly cut stone and finish it in posi
tion." This official says the statue will
be smaller than the model.
Criticize American Artists.
.Wheelis did not know until after Rey
nolds had been found by the police and
taken to the hospital that his bullets
had found a mark. Reynolds died in
the ambulance.
CHICAGO. Nov. 2S.— George Rey
nolds, the 17-year-old son of Captain
Peter Reynolds of the St. Louis police
department, was shot and killed early
to-day by a bullet fired by John
Wheelia, a photographer, who had shot
at three burglars whom he had caught
rifling his showcase and put to flight.
Reynolds and a messenger, boy were
walking at some distance away on- Van
Buren street, near Franklin. One of the
bullets struck him in the mouth and he
fell to the sidewalk unconscious. The
messenger dragged Reynolds two
blocks and there gave way to fright,
leaving the wounded boy prostrate on
the .sidewalk.
Ballet Indended for Thieves Strikes
a Policeman's Son Causing
Death.
SHOOTS AT BURGLARS;
. KILLS INNOCENT LAD
Detective Driscoll, who was shot in
the stomach by Neidermeier, was still
alive to-day.
"I was only a boy then, but I did not
intend to be run over by an officer and
when he tried to make me get off the
train I decided it would be my life or
his. After shooting him I got off the
train and went from there to Winni
peg and heard no more about the case."
Previous to his career as a hold-up
and murderer in Chicago. Peter Nei
dermeier was already a murderer, ac
cording to a story he told in the Har
rison-street police station to-day. His
first victim was a train man in Can
ada. To the police officers and railroad
detectives who were .questioning him j
he related the circumstances as fol
lows :
¦ "In 1S95 I was beating my way West*
on a freight train loaded with coal,
bound for Portage, Ontario. When rid
ing on top of the train I .was ordered
to get off by a man whom they called
'Captain,' but whose name I never
learned. I heard afterward he was a
railroad detective. 'He ordered me from
the train and when I refused to get off
he threw coal at me. I threw back at
him and one of the lumps struck him
on the head. Then he drew a revolver
and fired twice at ma. Both times he
missed me and then I drew my revol
ver. I fired six shots and three of them
hit him. I shot him in the head, in the
abdomen and in the side. He ran a few
feet and fell dead on top of the car.
I searched him and found no money.
Later the train crew came along and
I heard they found $10 in his pockets.
I was 'sore' when I learned what I had
missed; ~
When I try to think of the details my
mind wanders. It is like a dream."
CONFESSES ANOTHER MURDER.
>When t thought he was ready, to do
thV job I • covered him. ; I told him ; if
he made amove I would shoot him on
the spot.
: "I -don't "know just how- I escaped
from that. bloodthirsty mob yesterday:
That another murder was planned by
Van Delnj Roeski and Neidermeier ap
pears evident from the confession of
Roeeki, none other than himself being
selected as, the possible victim.
In his confession- Roeski says he was
the drudge, of the other men, and that
during the last few weeks had believed
that Neidermeier and Van Dein were
ready to "get rid of him," as he ex
pressed it. \f
"I- never got much," he said. "They
used to buy me something to eat and
give me a few nickels once in a while.
They afterward got 'sore' on me be
cause they thought I might give them
away. Marx told me that Neidermeier
and ;. Van Dein were going to 'do
me up.' " .
Marx Is the man whose confession
led to the capture of his companions
yesterday. ' ' . :
."Van Dein and Neidermeier knew
that I was ; the only one who could im
plicate them in the carbarn case," con
tinued Roeski, "and they hungered for
my. life. -They would have killed me
yesterday, even when all of us faced
death, .if there had been an opportun
ity,, but. I knew it and watched them.
I had ' to protect myself against their
murderous designs, as well as the men
who " tracked . us. '
"Not long ago Van Dein tracked me
into^ the j. woods somewhere in Indiana.
He pretended he 'was searching " for
dynamite that* ; was buried. But . I
knew, he wanted to kill me.
PLANNED TO KILL ROESKI.
It was said to-day that- Miss Dunne
is willing to marry Van Dein before he
stands trial.
Mrs. Van Dein again put her arms
through the bars toward her son. In
spector Lavin, who had been warned
that an attempt might be made to pass
firearms to the. prisoner, caught the
grief -stricken mother by the shoulders
and" gently drew her back.
"We will come again, Harvey," said
Mrs. Van Dein as t she left the cellroom.
A moment later when | questioned by
the police the prisoner resumed his us
ual indifferent' demeanor. .
"We've got mothers, like other peo
ple, haven't we/ Pete?" was what Van
Dein 'said to Neidermeier* last night.
This morning Van Dein's mother read
the remarkfih a newspaper and wasted
no time in going to her boy. v
Mrs. Van Dein said:
"You have sinned, Harvey, and you
must suffer. But remember you are
not beyond redemption and your moth
er is with you." i<
For a few seconds the prisoner sat
as if dazed. Then. he caught sight of
a^smaller and more girlish figure stand
ing beside his mother and he arose and
walked toward the door of his cell.
Mrs. Van •Dein, speaking between her
sobs, said: "Qh, my son, my son."
She put her arms through the bars and
put her hands upon the prisoner's
shoulders. Then Mamie Dunne, \ Van
Dein's sweetheart, stepped forward and
shook hands with the prisoner. At this
point Van Dein displayed his first sign
of emotion.
Van Deln's mother called on him at
the police station to-day. The meeting
was affecting. • • '
VAN DEIN*S MOTHER CALLS.
Cognizance cannot be taken in Illi
nois of the murder of Brakeman L. J.
Sc/vea In Indiana Friday nor of the
shooting of Detectives Drlscoll and
Zimmer in Indiana, It Is the" intention
of State's Attorney Dineen to bring the
men to trial as quickly as possible. It
may take two trials as all four of the
men worked together, but It happened
when the greater crimes were commit
ted one of the number was absent.
Roeski was not at the robbery of the
car barns, and had no part in, the mur
ders .committed at that time. Marx
was alone when he killed Officer Quinn
and was in Jail yesterday . when th«
murders were committed in Indiana.
Either one of these two. therefore, will
probably have a separate trial unless a
general plea of guilty is made by all
four men'.' '
MAY HAVE TWO TRIALS.
Indictments were voted charging Van
Dien with complicity, in five murders;
against Neidermeier for four murders,
and asrainst Marx for four murders.
Roeski will stand trial for one murde.r.
The following are crimes for which in
dictments were voted by the Jury:
Van Dein, Roeski and Marx for the
murder of Otto Bauder, July 9. Nender
meler, Van Dein and Marx for the mur
der of Frank W. Stewart during the
car barn robbery August 30. Van Dein.
Neidermeier and Marx tor the murder
of John B. Johnson at the barns at the.
time Stewart was slain. Marx for the
murder of. Detective John Quinn. No
vember 21. Van Dein and Neidermeier
for the murder of Adolph Johnson,
August 1, at North One Hundred and
Seventy-eighth street and "West North
avenue, in the saloon of B. C. Legrosse;
also the murder of Legrosse at the
same time.
CHICAGO. Nov. 23. - Indictments
were voted by the Grand Jury to-day
against Harvey Van Dlen, Peter Nei
dermeier and Emil Roeski, the three
youngr bandits" who were arrested yes
terday. An indictment was also voted
against Gustave Marx, who murdered
Officer Quinn and was. with the others
in the majority of the crimes.
Affecting" Incident Occurs When
Mother and Sweetheart of
Von Dein Call at
? .
Roeski Says His Compan
ions Had Plottod toi
Kill Him.
Chicago Highway mou
Are "Charged With
Many Murdore. *
BOY BANDITS
INDICTED BY
GRAND JURY
THE SAN 3JKANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVKMHI5H Ul>, 1000,
Negro Assailant Lynched.
) CHARLESTON. S. C., Nov. 28^— John
jFogle, a negro, was lynched- near St.
George to-day for an attack upon Miss
Ross, a young white woman. •
of 113.400, nnd the public deposits were
JS600 hixher, than those of the previous
week, when they were at the, lowest of
the yoar. Comparisons of the items^ of
loans b!sow that four, of "the largest banks
had a net decrease of $3,300,000. " .' *'
NEW ORLEANS,- Nov. 28.— Fire in
the heart of the business and manufac
turing district to-day, destroyed the
plant of the National Biscuit Company
and damaged considerably a number of
surrounding warehouses and other
property. The plant covered a square.
The loss to the biscuit company and
surrounding property is estimated at
$225,000. - ' ->' : ;•'"; ."
Biscuit Plant Burned.
British Embassador Arrives.
NEW YORK. Nov. . 28.— Sir Henry
Mortimer Durand. the new British
KmbaRsador to the United States, ar
rived on the steamer Etruria to-day.
Lady Durand and Miss Amy Durand
will follow him in about a fortnight.
Secretary Shaw's Brother Dies.
MANILA, Iowa. Nov.. 28. — G. W. Shaw,
a nrother of Secretary of the Treasury
Shaw, died here to-day of nervous pros
tration.
BOZEJIAN. Mont.. Nov. 2H. — The new wwh.
of the Northwestern Improvement Company
at Chestnut burned last nljrht. The loss Is
1 100.000. .
NKW YORK. Now 28.— The i Financier
says: The most striking feature of the
official statement of the New York asso
ciated bank* last week and that which
chiefly attracted attention was the im
portant increase of $2,213,850 in surplus re
serve. This resulted from .the sain of
$7£S,500 in cash and the reduction of $.">,781,
400 in deposits, through which the reserve
requirements were diminished by $1,415,
350. which sum added to the gain in cash
made the above noted increase of $2,213,
859 in surplus reserve of $6,125.200., Cal
culated upon the basis of deposits, less
those of $26,809,700 of public funds, the
surplus is $15,S27,C23. There was a de
crease of $S,3fU,6 <! 0 in loa-ns, which, it may
be'r.oteii, leaves this item only $9,197,000
above the mir.imum of the year. .Specie,
legal terdcrs and deposits are at the
lowest of the year. The reduction in
loans last week was not unexpected, for
there was more contraction as the result
of stock market liquidation, and also be
cause of a decision of some of' the banks
to augment their percentage of reserve
to deposits. The gain in cash was
smaller by }1 ,591,000 than that estimated
on tho basis of the traceable movements
of money during the week. This is prob
ably accounted for by the fact that the
imports of $3,830,300 gold shown in the
estimates were not made fully available
because of necessary delay in payments
therefor by the assay office; hence tho
statement was made on rising averages
for cash. In this connection It i*j ; note
worthy that, as has been showri'during
the fortnight.^the direct drain of money
from the banks to the West and to the
South; Is at an end, and hereafter we
may look for a return movement in some
volume, especially from ; the former sec
tion. Moreover,' about $3,500,000 gold is al
ready in transit from London, to arrive
this week, and $2,500,000 more will be
•hipped hither on ' its arrival at the Brit
ish capital from South Africa.^;^, .-'^ .
The bank statement showed a good bal
ance last week, >the sum of the decrease
In leans, less gains in cash, being $156,300
below the reduction in, total deposits^ The
dally, average'of .bank clearings last week
was $6,000,000 In . excess of -that of vs'the
previous week, indicating augmented bus
iness. Circulation showed* the small gain
Big Increase in Surplus
Reserve Attracts
Attention.
BRIGHT REPORTS
FROM THE BANKS
The primary purpose of the Conti
nental is to keep In the .West for the
purpose of developing the resources of
this section a portion • of the vast
amount of money that now goes to the
East for life insurance policies.
| The officers of " the- new corporation
are: Governor Heber M. Wejls, presi
dent; H. Tyee, vice president, and gen
eral manager; W. H. Cunningham, sec
retary, and W. S. McCormick, treas
urer.
SALT LAKE, Nov. 28.— The Conti
nental Life Insurance Company was or
ganized here to-day with a .capital of
$500,000. This amount, It is announced,
will be doubled within, the next few
months. The lncorporators include
some of the most prominent capitalists
and business men of the intermountain
country.
Salt Lake Men Want to Stop Flow
of Money to Eastern Con
cerns. ,
NEW LIFE INSURANCE
COMPANY IN UTAH
GOLD DISCOVERY
CAUSES EXCITEMENT
lle-w Fields Found Near Hillsboro,
New Mexico, Said to Be
Very Rich.
DENVER, Nov. 28.— A dispatch from
the Sierra County Bank at Hillsboro.
X. Mex.. to-day says a bonanza gold
discovery has Just been made near
Hillsborrt. Many large nuggets have
been found. The dispatch says that
the Third Judicial Court adjourned to
day and everybody, including Judge
Parker and the other court officials,
have rushed to the scene of the dis-
"A LITTLE GARBIS0N"
.CAUSES MUCH TROUBLE
Lieutenant Bilsen, Author of Book,
Is Dismissed and Juilex and Com
rades Become 111.
BERLIN. Nov. 28.— All of the officers,
except three, of the battalion stationed
at Forbach. the scene of Lieutenant Bil
sen's novel, entitled "A Little Garrison."
for writing: which Lieutenant Bilsen was
sentenced to six months' imprisonment
and to dismissal from the army, are
either ill or on leave. It Is said that
every officer of this battalion will be
transferred or obligred to resign in con
sequence of Bilsen's revelations.
24
|| , .. rt I COUNTRY OnDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. . . OUR NEW
. J'HI^JJS? « € £>* m V./mmjT^- Handkerchief Stock
buyers t^caxts* umbreUjts make Vt Lgj " & / >a *fjjr XS&J^^L ; j Never had so grand, comprehensive
epiendid viu-. besides ih^re ir a mv- cjj I r . gV J* ' JTflLS ' jG&£5) S&J'/Qi A Jf ZJir&^&^A and thoroughly practical an assortment
ing of at-out M cr. tach urr.bnrlla w " ca fSf of Handkerchiefs as we have at the pres-
we soil to-morrow. A srand asivjrtment to s &^^^&'\Mif^^SS r^f^a^SSV^ fcnt time. Handkerchiefs for Men. Wo-
eelpct Iron,, chnce handle?, ivory, horn 1 " *^J!LLHH !¦¦.¦ T men and Children- all 'styles, and all
Wjgh^X REMARKABLE VALUES HERE THIS WEEK!
\$SfJ*&fQ& over 25,000 Yards Finest Pore Silk : Ribbons at Great Reductions, JK$^
X- gr-^rr il will begin to-morrow a Bibboa Sale Extraordinary — an occasion whn you can purchase Sibbons muoh below '.the orlgrlnsl' manufactxtrera' price*.
A •fi'l^ There are aU widths from No. 1 to ITo. 50 — BlacJc. -White, Cream and every r»o«sitile new color— the finest auaiitie, 8aa n) demand for neck and hair
il'A'/Sk Kibbons belts, fancy work and every thoujrht-of use for Ribbona. These beautiful Ribbons, the entire surplus stock of- a leading- wholesale house, were
'UlU,v\ secured by us at an immense reduction. These are the details: ,- v : rv
BABY RIBBON N<>. 3 RiBBO.Set No. 16 RIBBONS No. 40 RIBBONS • No. 50 RIBBONS
•»000 Diecps of All- irkr* 1200 "pieces No. 3 rtffP 300 pieces No. 16 tf\C\ Olr 200 P J f ces & " lar lOf! 10 ° Pieces regular rjOH
Silk VolBahv Rib- 111*-' All-Silk Satin and Ar\ V> Al 1 -Silk TafTeta Rib- liJV _ 25c Satin Taffeta |Q^. 35c Satin Taffeta ZAy
bonl the relular 15c IV Pi«. Gros Grain Ribbon. PUe. bons. tVi Inches Bvr T»rd Ribbons.^3% inches 1V T»rd Ribbon. 4 inches
erade in the new ohadlngs. in- % inch wide: extra heavy qual- wide; suitable for Hair Ribbon*; In wide; a flne and lustrous Rib- wide; the: finest quality; of a
rludirie' White Cream. Light ity: the regular 50c kind; in a full assortment of colors, such as bori for neckbows and hair ro- soft and brilliant finish; very
"Rire Pink and Black- on spe- every conceivable new shade; white PinV. Light Blue: actual settes; all colors; a bargain., desirable for sashes and neck-
cial sale lOc apiece on special sale 35c piece value 15c; sale price lOc yard ...-...• :.18c yd. wear; all colors 23c yd.
A WONDERFUL $1.00 SALE OF BLACK AMD COLORED DRESS GOODS.
#rs.nE Dress Goods Department will offer to-morrow and Tuesday the moit nhenomenal 81.00 Dress OooOji values presented this entire season. "We have de-
Mfgtj termlned upon reoord-breaklnr sales— and these remarkable values to be placed on^sale have never been^ equaled at this t?t!c«>— fabrics both Blaok and
Vrji CoSreaTla irreat demand just now for street and evening- milts; all this aeason's best material; worth from 81.50 to 82.35; at the remarkably low price ot
C55-3* $1.00 a yard. . '•'. "; " ' ¦
$1.75 Hop — 'IB $1.50 Broad- ¦ $1-50- Black <c:^Tp $3^2 Priestley's
Sacking for cioth for Etamine for V *<*-%l Crepe de Paris O'^itii
50-inch Ail-Wool Hop t gf 52-inch All -Wool English :' \E ti „ 4 ,?- |n^ A11 " Woo L ? B1 2 ck Ti >sf ' 4 , 5 - 1 S? h , A " w ° o1 Pr !est " JL W
Earkir.p; a Fiilfndid weisht; >> S Broad Cloth; pxtra heavy « \oile ttamine; in both fine JL 19 If y s Black Cropc do Paris. dgg
coarse mesh effect; exceed- 35E weight: of a rich and lus- *m H and coarse meshes; a li S ht Gg m a soft and very clingy light- wpgS
ingly stylish for Tailor "T IS trous finish; a grand qual- SKH we «ht openwork material; 4P| lp , ht , fabrlc; rich f^ st ' H
Suits; in colors of Navy. I K ity for long coats and suits; I 1 & rich and lustrous;, fast || H Black dye; a grand material ' Jg
Green. Brown. Garnet. New ¦"* In colors of Navy. . Brown. m Black dye; a fabric much In aa for street and fancy dress- /~"
Blue and Black; actual value $1.75: on Green. Red. Tan and Black; actual use now; actual value J1.B0: sale es; elegant value $1.50; sale price....
sale at $1.OO Yard value. $1.50 a yard. price ..Sl.OOYard .'. . # . *1.OO Yard
Regular $1.75, $2.00 and $2.25 NOVELTY ZIBEUIMES and SCOTCH TWEEDS on Sale at mi
This particular special alone ought to pack the Department— High-class All-Wool Novelty Zibelines and Scotch Tweeds. 54 inches wide;' Vl^ I .VJI^J
the favored dress fabric of this Fall, in the correct colorings; the most st^ish materials for tailor-made effects, actual value from U.75 to $2.25 \\J I
a yard; and a big variety to choose from; an unprecedented offering. Your choice for Monday and Tuesday at... #1.00 Yard "yard
Eiderdown Sacques and Robes. ] f Another Splendid Silk Waist Offering. 1 f A Saving Sale of WOMEN'S UNDERWEAR. ]
We present two very specials to-morrow of » 0 .,, , « - • The Rejjulnp 81.25 Carincnts for
those warm and comfortable garments; consider- §6, $7.50 and $10 Sample WalStS TOr Monday will be a day of unusual nap
ing the superiority of the making and the materials ' , . Sw^rii Importance to women who are think- J *V v»
used in them, they are the best values yet offered: Our last week's offering of Silk /» jKn*Z Ing of buying Winter Underwear ' / «l r l
SI.75 Dressing Sacques for SI.25 Eactl. Waists was a tremendous success. &JWW? Wi will place on sale 50 dozen of '' Each
These sacques ar*> made of a roo.1 quality of No such gratifying response has ~ffj£&£%Z **& I.adios 1 Swiss Ribhcl Vests and Pants; in '-)ray
Ripple Eiderdown, with half-fitted back and full ever been known. Aeain, to-mor- '¦¦•.. MU and. White; good winter weights; % wool; warm,
front; finished with frogs and applique — in col- row. we place on sale the second T^orW corAtortable and very serviceable; garments that
ors of Light Blue. Pink. Red and Gray: worth lot of these fine Sample Waist*. . ViftAn w» w'VJfnot shrink; perfectly finished— worth $1.25
$1.75; for ....... .§1.23 Each all this season's rtyles. values up to $10.00. We each; sale price 75c Each
86.50 Bath t^obes fop S5 OO Each purchased them so low as to enable us to sell , i ox l- D • or i i m •
Ixtr? fine quality Bath Robe? of AU-Wool them at «4:65 «ch. p T e^ se de are So^ aIs p 8 eau ma^ f * SJpcklBg Bargain— 35c H088 far 21e I PUT. .
RiDDle Eiderdown with lartro sailor collar nicely from Cre P e d ® chlne ; i , eau ae . ° oie : . rea v ae With the above we will offer a genuine Stock-
MmmJ^^^lmcl^^-'^t^l^il S y S e W h ?ri™m«P 1O li" RI! emtfroderd ""To- ln f + 60 dozen Ladies' Fine Hose; in flne
/"X C^lo /\-f I nafhof r.nnrfc ¦ -J-z&h^ ° A Great Purchase and Sale of
/ \ PS LedintJi UUUU^, 30S Coats and Jackets— Sals Begins Monday.
JL^ f^%?f*rM> 3 * AlltOmObllfi aild WriSt BagS. v-© O ¦'ySM^^WKj^^*^^ To-morrow you will reap a bargain harvest on our
iSjfflP^^^M^jJ?*^ k riown in this city. Values that will cause you to won- ¦ "=¦ J-- manufacturer was anxious to dispose of his surplus
jRSs^K\W-Vt v y£k C=> B der ho»" they <in be sold at fuch flgures. . Sutjwe bought q jJrj^V stock.. and we got it at a great reduction from Tegular
!lAV^\\v\V\'v\uJl^^5^^»^ then- under price and to can you if you are prompt— eix p.O -Xp^f©-*. Price. Now is your opportunity.
KWwW great .ereciam. . " , ~ $ g ' u /o M\ \ $'2.50 Coats,.$7.45 cach $25 Military Coats for $17.50 tttil
m^kA^^H^^Si S'-'50 Ba^S for SI each $2 3agS for $1.25 each ft O/.Qi\ Q\ A handsome lot of silk- Very choice Military
W tf»i^*ti^V£#^>&l Wri« Ba^s-A large va- Wrist Bags-Walrus Iwth- O& ft «M Q\ % lined 24x26 inch Coats. Box Coats 26 and 30 inch
»WnBWLlW»>^£:*'^-- •'"¦¦J rifty in r«l blu» gre^n and «r, in tan- sT-ay- brown and Jf I A \ {A . .4^ fitted back and box fronts; lengths; fitted. back, rnlll-
X^.^l/^^-^^^^-^j^ black assorted mountings black; b*aatifuily flnifihPd. Cw ; ; .' | \ .\kf*~\ beautifully finished; col- tary cajies and dnuble-
Syfggy^^ -with extra purse: _wo'*h extra purse: regular value ul*f >l \^_ \ ors^ Tan and Black; actu- breasted; stylishly strap-
Si. 50. for.jjsl.OO each. . ." J ?2.00. lor S1.-5. / 2T. . 1 I J^T \ ally worth $12.50; sale ped;- in Tan. Castor and
62 23 Bags far $1.50 ceo. . $3.25 Ba£s for- $2.25, each, %fk *\ \/ v \ prlce * " ¦ '.* •* •;» 7 - 43Eacn Black: wortn 25 - 00 -
Automobile Ea«s. with extra < fur^e and Wry choice Du Carry Bags of genuine* \° \ (Z\ A ' h « $15.00 CoatS,!$9.85 Cach Wovelty Sample Coats.
card ca*o. of wairu* leather, best, colors, black - eoal. finest assorted mounting*, wltn V, il • \\ y^ '\£> / ,, ,. , , '' , ,. Included in thi» epcclal
»korth 52.^5 for JftJVO f-ach. n!lings.T«.orth J3.23. for 92.^5 each. - VAil i\ '¦' • V?^ Made of Imported. Ker- purchase are .".5 very high
-~— ~ » *.** *.*. ¦ r ' - - ¦ «~«"fcr'rt wr . «o i=r» — S\ X I ' :\ >\ se 3'' with shoulder capes class sample coat*— one of a
$3.00 EaCs for $2.00 eac.7. t?4.5O Ba 8 or^$3.50 0 CfCh. , VJ »\ <y\ and full sleeves; satin-. kind-On velour. ribellne and
Fine Automobile Hairs with extra purte Automobile Bag? of genuine walrus aad . [ t jj^;^><: \ lined throughout; in Tan. .broadcloth In white, black
and curl case of th» best nafflian leather *rffian leather, in all colors, beautiful *sr*»-*--r- 1 Castor and Black. Regular and evening shadee. 24 ,to
»iandf>o>ne mountings worth $3 <X» for S2JQJ mountings and flllingp. actua!jvalu« $4.50, . ! \ value $15.00; for........ 40 Inch lengths, to be offered
each. : " ' for .S:t..'>O each. J ¦¦¦-,:-"¦. . . '. .8».8o Each at great reductions.
IMMENSE FLANNEL SALES. j [ COMTORTERS, BLANKETS AND LIIMEIMS. 1
MO^f; ALL-WOOL 60c FRENCH TI AW ELS FOR f~£ flgg j^ $1.25 Comforters for $1.00 E 2C ii. .72-!nch Table Lnsn for 85c Yard.
Another char.ee at three s;.l«nd!d flarnel barsains offe red **^^ i " : ' i5 dozen silkoMne comforter*, filled with Extra hoavy 72-lnch linen, warranted
lart Monday. We purchased a big let of them, tne regular bOc •. mL.^^ 1^. pure whits cotton, nicely stitched; regu- pure linen; prettiest designs; worth. $1.10,
values; r.o*- ihry are offered to rcu below the mill price; extra G jmv- rm^*,J lar $j 2 5 value, for' 91.04). for 85c yard .:''•¦- • .
M B2f«3??: Cardlnal> Green y*f\^jF/ a $6 Eiderdown Comforters $4.85 Ea. $3.00 Napkins for $2.35 Dozen.
E mbro'dered FlanndSs. | S'ripcd Wa:stlnSs. j Cotton flannel, « t^TTu^T i£. e U$£$& "SSfcifSSlr V$Z -SS?
1 Choice ttn« Ol Off c VA ! Beajtiful ttyles O=,C Yd ° n a y Sc Yd splendid value $6.00. for dozen
TlnTsmched | glrSSSS tSS and va^/ the $ 2 - 00 Marseilles Spreads. $1.50 Ea. $6.50 AH-Wool Blankets, $4.85 Pair
and tailored effect. bpau - i r t^rl?»n" the io£J£TJ . Sii..rh2i «r ,m Fu " *'" b<f<1 'Pr*ad Sf extra heavy, in 7.', pairs all wool blankets for double
tiful rntfcna*; worth $1.25 fancy Persian strips, the : I2%c grade, bleached or un- cholce patterns. . good value $2.00. for leds; heavy and fleecy; pretty borders:
yard. ' ltading colors. . ' bleached. J each. . good value at $6.50 pair.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVEETISEMENTa
\ £ 3STEW . ADVEBTISEMENTS. ;
. THE POWEE OF STEAM.
Many May See, But It Take ¦ Genial to
:.¦ .;*. Beallse. . ¦"•¦ ¦¦ .' ¦ ¦-:¦¦¦
"When James AVatt saw the steam caus-
ing the kettle lid to Jump up and down
he said. "Thero must be power In that
Bteam' that It can lift such a; weight.!.'
There was. >
.? .*. Millions prior to him had • se«n the
same phenomenon and regarded it as an
unexplained < mystery. ; - * ( .
. Rrfcent scientific • research ; has put its
flnger on \ the "cause'V of » Dandruff. Fall-
' ing Hair, and consequent , Baldness, and
has unearthed a ; tiny; germ which eats
the life from. the roots of. human 'hair. .* -
; Newbro'p Herpiclde ' destroys this . germ
and consequently, restores the hair toits,
natural state. '.*¦ V ¦.-.¦•,. ;¦,"'¦•;•¦•¦>';;-,' .,-•¦:• .'¦
t Sold by leadfner druggists. Send lOc'in'
stamps for: sample to The Herpicide Co.,
Detroit,' Mich. -- —^
ADVERTISEMENTS.
tffft EvE^*^^Ki!ffi®u^r^^%^3f jBg^T*^?^ 1 ' ¦ : ¦ "• ¦¦¦'¦ '•¦'¦¦¦ '¦ '¦ "- ¦'•'' ¦ ; " ¦ "i ¦ 1 f':''"* "**' !* '"jj^*- V^l^<v«aM^^ nrJ
R3 *<^Sv?< y*^>?S5sK»^Sffli*Cy^ ¦ ¦ ¦¦¦¦¦¦..' . ¦ ¦•¦ ¦¦:¦•¦¦ .^^B&*;f&^£Zi^i'v i T'>*- t *w&J r 'j^t- r^rTMTnl^M
s^H HBrwWlBWBBBBir ''- ; .¦"'"¦ v '¦'""¦ ¦¦¦¦¦;;- : -:-< : : ''?:'¦"' *: -' : . : * : v v '• 'rfsSli frj
BYROINI MAUZY I I A 1 1 U U
GECILIAN PERFECT PIANO PLAYER
BYRON MAUZY
308-312 POST STREET
THE DOCTORS WHO CURE
SAN FRANCISCO'S LEADING PHYSICIANS and EXPERT SPECIALIST*
d^^> WE TREAT AND CURE
KjSr*nm'''- : Wk CATARBH. Sote and Throat Trsubles. Nervous Dlsea^*. KlJn*r
ElAtCSCirt&k s£sk " R<J Liver Dtseaaei. Bladder Troubles. Heart Disease. "O'*'*"** »¦
E^gS&r JZJa the ftorr.ach and Bo»el». Vilz*. Fistula and Rectal Dtsea»»<. F«nJ» »
EjSC?^^ -4*®K Complaints. Chronic Dl»es«e» of "Women anJ Children. RlcU«:». Spin.
11381 11 S& \ •' Trouble*. Skin Dlseares. DeafneM Asthrc*. BronchUl »n«« *•»»*
" yik J Troubles. RheumatUm. Hay F«v«r. Neuralgia. HysMrta. Ear pu-
~^*|J-*-3 '- * r "Y «««es. Goitre or B»* Nerk, Varlcocele. Lost Maahood. »tc. : Biooa
TP T . ihj Eiieases. PrirmU Diseases. Scrofula and all tonn* ot Ntrrouj and
. \. " ~*&Jl : Orrr.ie Disease* (that sre curab'.O.
aL iC^S OUS MOTTOt A low f«e,9 <o5^^?^^
•i^^ir-^ • « tdck cnra ' mUi aai p*lrleja *Jr .^c^^N
"co"Suitlon la ptrtoa os Ap.
"^^SWC^**^ by^ letter ir«» to al£ c*U or >^,
iV. A. J. bttiat. c?" ¦*' - o /j** <QW>r8
HOME CURES BY MAIL TL, *jf
Do not despair because you liv- at a dlstancs from thecltr Dr» Vfigf?jf
"her**- new system of HOME TREATMENT makes It easy to cet
expert advice and treatment at horr.e. Their n«w symptom biaku Jar ASSrS//*
covers every symptom of disease which enabUs them to dlaraos* /\T^£vWf]yi
your ca^e anJ tell you what your troubU is. what can b« don. for JLXrEffigl'S
you. and what the cost of a cure will be. WRITE If you cannoc 'Sr^Mg&f'Zff
calj for their new symptom list and talcs advantage o f the ynFB N>5Sai^
EXAMINATION. Whether you talc* trtatmect or not. th« md- V ~
rice costs you nottalnjr. ¦ Dr. 0. W. Siirjr
WEAK MEN PAY WHEN CURED
if you suffer from any of tb« weakness** - w « cure you first and th«n ask » REA-
ef diseases caused by ignorance, excess %>t SONAELE FEE wbea you are cured. Totl
eontapion YOU ARE THE VKKT PEJU3O2* « n dep«n<l «P° a our w «rd; thousands of
WE WANT TO TALK TO. r patients have Indorsed ut. NOW. WH
"4-We have proven our skill In cuHnc WANT TO CURE TOU with thj distinct
CHRONIC diseases by publtsblnr th* man? ¦ "understanding that . w* will not d*mana »
voluntary testlmonUls . from horn* p*opl*. FEE until w« cure -you. This applUs to
r iv!r.s names, picture? and addresses. Lo»t Manhood. Seminal Weakness. 8p«r- 1
We Can't Publish Our Cures in , • ;E^^.£"ffi&nJ > eS. °d«£! *
Private Diseases. ffi-. JFSSfcS&SgS&Z
Because It would betray eonfldene*. Hene*- mtn. l~*2 ~ . a 4a
we hav» to prov« our skill In this class of * OFFICE HOT7BS: 9 a. m. to 4:30 p. m-t
troubles In another way. . This la our plan.' F.venlns* C:30 to 3: Sundays 10 a. ro. to IX'
Drs. Shores & : Shores, Expert Specialists, 933 s « a M F^ci%rcat
¦F7 - VX ®^"i" WHAT 1
Bvs^^\ Yeu mK S
r F©K— THE I
1 ©EESUiSSE 1
B The most wonderful record In all history— merit made It. Advertising has s
H served to make CASCAEETS kndwn, but the greatest advertisement ever |
w printed could do no more than cret a person to try CASCARETS once. Then |
H comes the test, and if CASCARETS did not prove their merit there would I
Eg not be a sale of over A MILLION BOXES A MONTH. This success has been i
It made by the kind words of our Iriends. No one who tries CASCAEETS I
|| falls to be pleased and talk nicely about them. CASCAEETS are easiest to j
U buy. to carry, to take, to glve-THE PERFECT HOME MEDICINE. They are 5
il a perfect cure for Constipation. "Appendicitis, Biliousness. Sour Stomach, Is
ra Sick Headache. Bad Breath, Bad Blood, Pimples, Piles. Worms and all bowel D
J diseases. Genuine tablet stamped C C C. NEVER SOLD IN BULK. All m
¦{ drucgists. lOc, 25c. 50c. Sample and booklet free. h
|J Address STERLING REMEDY CO., Chicarjo or New York. - B
ANNUAL SALE-TEW MILLION BOXES 1
! Greatest En the World *»JIHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 29, 1903.
25
Christmas Cards ic to $1.00 each. . BFs^s*^ ¦ I Smallest Living People, on I t .;j^ 1904 Calendars, 8c to $6.00 eachl^:
Sale of Ghcioe Sale of Popular mm&'^ f^^^^"^^^^ to "second %oor- Rotunda Holiday Sale Holiday Sale
Outing Flannels Yankee Homespun W'PW^s _^^^^«i^|®^ " Frame Pictures Smyrna Rugs
H/lfffiday 7 c IWonday 73g j^/l^o a-x « &^ 55 [SuS 555551^*^ ¦ Monday 63c Begins Monday
More than 3000 yards in this lot, These are the regular $1.25 per • /^^^kJZ^-^^'f'i^' &%2c*^s=J* t Q&K& «"^ JM^^iv^f'^ 6855 ** 8 *^*^ ah- <u a ug5 coms unc * cr r^ c h «d of
we hope enough to last the day yard "Yankee Homespuns," the t>WSS0mMml<V fe^^-»l™O ff *& fl I^W* 5 ** 1 . colIectl °" ? r handsome par- "practical" gifts and are always ac-
out. but you had best come in best wearing and one of the ' W^^^^m Ct^ *Sfe^»J^ « T TQlf jor pictures, daintily colored cop- ccpU b!e to th e person who receives
morning to secure your share most popular dress fabrics ir>< > ' .^^^B /l^BJPl^^^^^&I -BOi\> *^ ies ot nature photographs, two them, whether she be keeping honse
of this splendid offering. New the market to-day. This par- C'llWiill S^^^^ft^O^^^^^^^^^V". 'fl^T^TV^A <^ merely boarding. Beginning Mon-
heavy weight closely woven, ticular lot includes light and %^^MimmhB\l Mi® SRt^^^^^^^^^^^^^J of 3 -inch gilt molding, with nbbed day, the Big Store offers at special
daintily colored, Z&is Flan- medium grays, browns, tans, W.I& & M. m^T^^^^^MM^^^^^ edges and fancy corners; the other ,5. Hle , ,„*. , tock of lhe c:lebrar£d P . b. Mon.
„,/,, in pink anddfcue stripes green, Oxford reds, gobelin fSu3Mfe$^KSSkJ I ® |g ffi (jfi ¦ § S R W^^^^^S®^ inch circle gilt frame wuh pretulv .,ch Ru S s at th.se «nn»tch»bie P nce»
and darker effects, suitable for navy. t£« goods arc 56 JL wde WM/yWimiXi^^MTum II It 11 K i& II I II I &8?lPiWB& ornamented top; such subject, as Evan- r^m,. Special
vvirm underwear kimono and we hive a fairly large quantity, enough MW///^-\™'(W geline, Springtime, The Lost Chord, iJx 3 6nip *i.io 7J c
warm underwear, kimonas, h , Monda and Tucsdav but m'/////^^ Stolen Sweets, etc • well "*45 ™i» *«-5=> **°°
iFP% HI A »4£&^n^^ - Christmas isWbJc a matter of twenty-five days off, and it is already puzzle, f X V J G$
l^XP AfcTSS; l^^^^^^^^^ P UZZ . le ' P. 11 " 16 ,-^!^^ th ! nk^u^ ;, What t f h f U i bUy !M iSOn^ Or i O f rth M t ,K ne;^ at The articled .U in the new French* ] \f W
4r//4\^ V\4^ «p« and coiiwctte. at hair price. canl get thit will^be just the thing that they will like, and that will be within gray finish, with gold lined bowls and jLi fT\< ! I
*^yfc£^f *S C neckwear fcr t3o 'my means? :.\ ¦ tinci, handles in a pretty flower L& »\ lA j If
m/^-AC - feSrlSl UcnSkwIarfcr' 23o ' Th . e bs?t WS V to solve these holiday perplexities "is to come to The Emporium, dc «8 n , ( oev O- There are: ' j [/ \l II
iWS\ 7S c neckw«r for '.! '. '. ! '. 38o California's Grandest Holiday Store, where is now displayed one of the most varied c^amUdiee, oHTeSpoons. t\ I vSl ia U
°*& 4&JS$ }g>5£t |gg and richest collections of gift-things in America. gSo^n,- 2^5^. &S 1/ W A
j+.5o«cckw«r. . 52.25^^50 r«ch«, cp«'. $6.25 *i. S o n.ckwcar . . . 75o O^r large Christmas Circular, ready for distribution Monday, and our 32-page So «" s^ Ptehc J2 h r ° rki * W \\ Jr< A»l
J5.00 ruchct, capsi $2.50 5r S -oo n,ch«, cap« . 57-50 s*.oo neckwear . $f.oo Holid^v Book Bulletin 'will be of great help to gift buyers. Ask or send for them. MondtY >, nA tw.. aiwif ma / \l.\ \M*
UTo r"t:; c^; M'JZ III* luctt "J" sio'i? ££ L e c C j::: r r : |J:?g Don't wait until the last minute to buy the thin 2 you've had your eye upon-some one else may ' last.) 79 C J W M
$9, 50 mchei, capes .$4.75 f 22. 50 ruche*, capei $11.25 neckw^r .$1.38 get it before yOU do. each JF JftS lv\
$10.00 ruches, cape* $5.OO $1$°° ruch«, capes $12. SO $4 00 neckwear . $2miiO And'lastof all, shop carefully and good— and here— if you want the best for the least money. Main Aisle? - v , xP" '
Bags and Dress Stiff Cases L „ , i S 2 * s 1 eeia tt if r r /B "?f^ \" a1s 9^ .,._,. Oriental Holiday Goods
nine alligator, with best brza siding lock and snap dothe» and hair brush, »sap box, manicu-.e set, social price. Made of velvet and 8 Ik, trimmed ., . / K ' holiday sight* of The £mporium. It ia a feature of modern store keeping posaesaed by no other department store
catches, fitted with pair of ebenr-backei Military mirror, comb and toilet bottljg; a hand-sewed §>iid with wngj, birds, plumts and aigrettis, in a good wltil W'ng't pretty leathers, pompons, .^ mer ; ca U p On . nearly so extensive a sca!e. In it you will find on display and sale fine Cloisonne, bronzes,
hair bruthes, clothes brush, soap g**^ fftfl leather cas:, with quilted satin lining, complete asiortmer.t of colors, including etc., in all of the most fetching shades of j vor ; e g Oriental Chinawarc, embroidered handkerchiefs, quaint toys, silk gowns, silk jackets, delicate porcelains, I
ar.d powder bottles, complete for . sffM&miJ +J for $22o50 violet an! brown; vahi:s up to (fi2j43? €S brown, blue, red ani also black; specially priced, ebony furniture, Ch : nese jewelry, carved good?, sandalwocd goods, lacquered ware, embroidered screens, fins, etc.
Trunk Department, second floor. 1 15.00, for . .^ . . . . ..*fH9a%0Q* each .' $.4.95 Both Chinese aiW Amefxvi clerks in attendance. All goods are marked in plain figure*. *_
Blankets—Bedding Merely a Hint of the Wonders of Our Toy Store . Purses, Wrist Bags
Very Much Underprlced The Second Largest Stock In America-Two Remarkable Doll Offerings, Etc., Etc, Automobile Bags, etq.
The big store exemplifies the advantages of io large buying in Toys from 5c to $50.00 each. Acres of floor space now devoted to the display and sale of toys. More than 500 people engaged in selling, putting up, wrap- f _ f , .
no department more stnmgly than in it, bedding section. No mill ; shipping and delivering Emporium toys. Best come mornings when the crowds are only moderately large. Our low prices will be as big a revelation to you as M ",? M ~ -1 f5!^"Xi: n I? SnT a-Sb
has tco many of any desirable number for us, if the price is low r °. rr ° . o r j a -\/ /o .r o , alligator, all CbamOlS lined . . . *Of/O an( * MOO
enourh. Eut none but recommendible goods are allowed here. For our immense display. nthrr c/v/^e tr nn tr 3f tr en in t-> m
the ccm.r.g werfc these ver. unusual values: : Doll Sale Monday— A wonderful bargain m jointed dolls, 131^ inch, fine quauty Doll Sale Monday— A special value in kid dolls, metal riveted joints at knee and j^en's BuHon Clasp Pvrae— Genuine hog skin, seal or
White California BhnKets — Fine wool, 72 inches papier mache body, ball and socket jointed doll, pretty face, sleeping eyes, fine hips, a pretty bisque head with sleeping eyes, a mohair wig, wove'n on net (not alligator, handsomely lined and finished, respect-
wide, 7 lbs weight, instead of $7.00 the pair mohair wig, Izcs and ribbon trimmed chemise and open work stock- «y^a the common pasted wig). Has shoes and stockings, is 1 3 inches tall aq^ ively. ... . -50c 85c and S/ OO
S5m78 ings, patent leather ties, worth $1.25 of any body's money. Monday, M %fU and goes on Monday only, each . . . ... . . &%MC Other styles, including new tray purse* 65c
Exhibition Mission BlanKcls— Australian wool, extra #$&> * ytV -S^. . $i.oo y $i.so. ' '
size, the $12.50 kind, for - . . £3. 93 ?M~ jfauffisfc^, . /}>>• -^&C# Men's Card Cases— Grain leather, leather lined, 5Oc; \
Fine White Woo! BlanKcts— 5 lbs., 64 inches wide QWi' Ij^lf^lf^i^ ' jO^isi^^S ///r^^V \\\ M genuine seal, 75cj genuine alligator, $1.25
Good White BlanKcts— Not all wool, but nearly so. (f^^S} 'tg^E^^B. «;,, riimw. or / \ \\ \ Chatelaine Ba S s-chiiw.^inseai and moroeeo, 5Oo; '
for : b ; < the<3 75kin^ pair S2 78 IW^^F^Tr^^ ~^=^^<S^y m HlU Cllmberl or \ /-J/SSM'i^^y **&&S^W mines* sue, seal and alligator, 5/.00; women s me, fine al- ;
M.rs.mcsSpr^-Ful'lsted.r'ichDr'esden color- KSrf Joff^SS"? -*^"*S F ' M «" >t^p p STll^ ¦ , TTT n JftSTS,?^— «< h s. F™d«o i !
Fine Comfortcrf-Full «,, white cotton filling, tufted QO tJctii^ha^wSt c^ » ' them tO w:te and Automobile.. . -ScientificaUy correct, .... $2.50 Calfskin heads: ....?.. .$1.50 Carriage Bags- Walru, grain, with leather handks, $1.25 J \
r^fnrnTd^dWoo!" In'- 'b 'roV fil fol; " figure, to perform aston'sh. cut, U cc^«'y- Three £n . s# »«i.tical!y finhhed, mast. Je , k 9 . inch 75c Eight horses, two course. . -red uffian with moire lining 5f-75. !
Caufornia Carded Moo! -In 3 -b. roLs, to fill fuL *> fcau- imall 2OC Larger model «izc«, Si. OH • - • 9' and ,,11, take down. .. — S3 KO to Il-inch $100 . *. . S2.5O Other styles %2.OO, $2.50 U* to SlO.OO.
,1k comforter... the roll $Zm4£5 %*J£*> ' sSk %/L9K *9 kn *L Etc., etc. <1 9R to <i17 kn <fi %/l J* * * * **^ - . . * coo Automobile Bags-Probably a hundred difFcrent style, from which ,
Full Size Sheets-Xix 9 o in., bleached, each 52%O Ur£e MS ; ir • " 500 • • • $4'25 $2.5O . . $3 ' 31*25 to $17.50 . . . . $6.50 13-mch $L50 S.xhoae., 6 courses $30 to make elections; a very pretty one of genuine walrui, moire
Sirg!e Bed Sheets — 54x90 in., bleached, each, 3Q O fi A,.i«« f h m ' f^Tf^^t — Tii \-fi - 'v/^!r *'..*-& «' . o. ' Xf n »n w silk lining, polished gilt or sflrer trimming, for . . .32.50 '
Pillow Cests—Beiched, 45x36 in., each |/ c g%^ Automatic Hand tfM^S^r] Chatauqua Com- £T\ S]| Postman s Su.t- "V Foot Power Wag- Beginning at $t. 00 for moire silk lined, red saffian \
— — — — — -^ — Ifr^i: y-^1 Sewin S Machne — lit^g^^^ bination Blackboard gV^ |q^ | Like picture . $1.50 V ons— Best make: automobile bags, ive have them up to $30.00 each.
j£&s*$iGt1Hitr* FaaB+nafBafg* U^*^^^ 1 Ab$oIutcl y p £rfect iSp-iF^^i'- —Like picture, writ- y^^L.'^^ io\d\tr suits— .^2^1^ \ w 1^ « ecl ¦ • !
ro?cLs£™Gms e IT — -•= fffl Jim \ sLr.r Practical Gift Making\
nTTTTi s?S^5.«2S.t^ |3?L v£L*r*£ £SS^ l^ftel iw»»-. , WUh " bt " ''" d -,, Our gr , eat doak^^ suit T d i ur d fp. artoent :
\_V^V->->- ( y plain %vith only a bit of carving on \tjE>^^| «*o er/i /g- 1 51.25,5^.00,^.50. ,,!/?*'. . . : 50c to $1.00 V/VkV^ whccls - •-"••• will reveal many items of interest in your .
VOOf/fXHfi ft<«t, * chiistmas gift thu any wo- \v==%|f=i 9^mOU fj // ! i Ease! Blackboard! I "fl [\^^ * ¦ >4L^^ V/!^ 8^ •. $5.00 and $6.50 se arch for something sensible for presents — '
m» would appre- Ni — m» &^ . I . : . 50c to $4.oo (J^J T^T* ,foo to$S ' Fancy Tricyde- home presents— the kind of presents that every '
/^MVllJtfe^ C^!l'"J VY # ¦*»¦* J;>/r^ r<g-a/a- 1 Wall Blackboards ' * Extra strong and fine cons* ructions,", beautiful finish, 18 inch. woman HkeS, for example : \
\^|^M^4pS desks frojn jio.oo to 0$ tor% Sj^ o . Jj. \] . 25c to $2.50 Policeman Suits . . . ... 50c to $1.03 $13.00, 14 inch . . . . . ... . .' $15.50 Newejt WaUts-
A S5SSiE£ A.ffffiS'yZ Holiday Perfumes ssnd Imported Novelties ¦sSSSSS f$) \ \
oufdust"" t0 kCCP $15*00 ' Space permits us to enumerate but a very few of the thousands of attractive gift articles now on sale in the great rotunda, tci'et article department. Walking Skirts— Newest effect*, y' ]
Other Musx Cabinets $12.00 to $85.00 HcIida >' Pcrfu:T1 «— The manufacturers this Work Baskets— 30 different styles, fitted compkte Stag Finish Sets— That look like real stag and . Military Hair Brushes S3. 98 ™& upwards. . £^ >«2'
Morrif Chatr-Sekcted q'jar^er'sawed oak. also bL-ched mahogany year have exceeded their best previous with sewing outfit, most of them satin lined, arc unbreakable; all of them sterling silver ta&|§|J§*|fc&A - Genuine ebony, Dress Skirt j-Ths newest mod- /I '
cS .•>,;,•. •. •.•: : : : : : : sw:dotif,%?oo «^X -^V 0 . 0 A ' ;^,s*i^ i**ri£*SS^S SJ^fiH- 1« 2 ' 50 "^c *cJ£2Sr"SS=fiu ~ : :
C.Il«ettei-HotoaA« r ,»»="=t««l«k,q»»tp^«.«in »"• good pcrf» ms . .. »flO j^^H h.Kd.y,, in »ood, wro.jht iron, 5 il,, ,11,=,, S.j I ,n,h Ink S.»d, .1>« gff??r>nar Tr.V.llnJ Ct.-Ccn- 5^" opw.,4.. f^/'ilf
door room .for cijm «rf toU«* pp", 690 en F]v e botti, Co^te'. gocd «tn« «M«W «° n »>= «=•. 3 pi'« «. ftom SOc.to other manidinaid MM 'sci'withpor- .a.n,»gcompratoi-« • Nf - Ck p , tcc ,_ 5/ . 73 M - «j\ •
fortable, fcr^rary, Kttms-roomorcen. . £/7QQQ cologne (two) ror. .. .25© «||fc satin trimmed, new styles- Musical Fhoto "A'bums-CeUuloid finish, with j]f*»B^m^S^g 5'3.75 upwards. / f /i \\ •
Box conuining two soap and on 5 .^ Whisk Broom Holdenrvfr^rcfty 0 °'. VgSo ' ?^ SSSm f^dL^ to $r 2 .OO. - New Voile Skirl,- Made of high // / / \\
nrt mace m either go.der» oak or mahogan, £*Off0» colo S ne. Ea,tman*t L'ttle Puck Trinket Holder,, diintUy hand painted .- 35O ¦ fin-, gilt edge leaves", some with pu h back, R^^^S^. M,,,|- R ft |I, ralf,lc5n grade French veiling, hip, tnmmcd / // V, \ '
nr V ' *>««,;;« VBiS.Olf ... . 5o Basket Work Noveltle.-With hand painted eel- some' with 'mirror, 'and m.ny other styles g^^ggfe Mu,k Rolls-Calf sk.n, ith ,^ ce of uffet a strapping silk // / U^ j
Oliur Styles Up to $27.50. 47 11 Imported extracts, .11 odors, luloid tcps— e»ch . . . . ..75c to S8.OO pretty shides, 75c; drop s kirt to match, the most fash- / • )S^ .«
Tea Table and Tray-Round low Ky!e, with roomy shelf und-r- .#<* 2 5O fcjIS^ Crescent Shape 25O Autograph A'bumi-Embossed leatherette, col- iS^ffe®^ grain leather, very ionable shades of tan and gray, a'so
neath; tray to place on top, has gla« hand e, Very fine package, containing/ j£-*£ Spectacle Cite. . ..... . JSS ored leavei -. . . 5O and /CO f^l^^^S durable. 51.00 white - a 5'- S-OO skirt beginning '.
and b-asi bottom, pr.ee ........ &tO.UU or. bottle Eistman's bnt odor. ft«J^! Star Sh.p: ...... IS? Other styles, celluloid, etc., 2JC to $1.2 5 .JgStk9^gSfe UJ _. -% Monday, each .... 521.75
5>gQ«rf /7o^r. „ ! n r /n ' ' ° CollaranA-Cuff'. ...... .75© > P/rography Out fit8~ A good .quality, complete in every pa: ticu- «- J. J n ede leather ' &B± ¦ &tZ 4** & 1 SZ J
_ "«nd Painted Perfume Atomizerf- With silk Brush and Comb Sets--Eboni Z :d.wo.d incase', Tar, equal to those formerly sold at $5.00, for. ...'•.... $3.30 fa.oo, iuedeicatner, <B&£S 9%* "WO AID i
Holiday SpaChtel GOOClS n T m * h ? 1 * • ; •„ •••fiOC .terHns.sUvcr.mot.nted, some pearl and slver Other styles $3.50 to $6. CO. fine for Pyro work, . Half a hundred style, at least of Smok- j
Monday and Tuesday y 75C $2 -°°' mounted.' . 5/.QO, 51.7^ 5g- gQ Colored Art Skins-Large and perfect ...7BO ...$1.7B ¦JSJ' bg Jacket, aod Houae Cora, JT- |
«» /'vfuxia^ large and varied u our stock is we id- •
J-^^w^^SS/ofS^Lra Cfft* Glass, Ghihaware, Lamps Christmas Books Are Ready fc ¦' m\\^3Sfz£tf.£s!rj£:
"HHS^f b l™"> '"I* and T*"^ 1 a\ prCtt i" : and hM e More than 3°° ttm ? Ie P leCM of rIch cut ' g b »V «ch one '• Carefully selected books make the ideal Christmas gift. We have in sxock about [ %\ h \ mestie cloths, fancy checks, * tones and
erent ' now on » ho 7 «> our beautiful ebt glass room on main : m£~'£££ . 300,000 volumes, embracing nearly every branch; of book lore, aud with the ex- Ij/^T^^^r^^J"^ cloth ' "? """^
Jfhirn"^^^^^^^ £ ¦ l^fc^ «T^ of medical and school book,, ail marked at specially cut prices. tM^M^ *^^ '.ff S 5^
tach mer.t store prtccs ind other store pricel u at once apparent. M P Vl^ Send for Olir holiday book bulUttn\ )USt Ollt. W^f IK -4 trasting collar, cuff and pocket facing, as
Main aisle. Tankard Shape Pitcher- a. in picture $/O.5O |l ?^&r ff Thn, Gihkon Book* ' Nf>W Pnnulai* FtCt'lOn W] / |\ «Jo/n In pieture, each 55.00 to
MMMM -^« M ----->-------------- 9- nch rich decanter, as in picture $4,00 Rl W «^5' // * * " e IXlOSOn OUUKS IVeiV rOBUiar riUtlUn \J J\\\ $15,00.
Ostrich Feaiher Boas S a f fu i b r''V n K Ch ir diim=ter 75 ilV B Plli/ i^S^Lfev.-.v.-.:::::^:^ :::::? :^ L^ 7 1 V .*»•¦ Dr«staj fa^hMp
WJU Jt *" * &«»e««&* WWH^ Bonbon dish, w:th handles , Sf.65 "«tySKv I *^ Americans »:{.S.-» AutoblcRraphy of a Boesrar. Friedman.. «1.O» TJjjjy' J V dodis, bound with ijlk ccrd, and in eoif
For Holiday GiftS 8-lnch Vases, exquisitely cur. $4.8O mfa&ik SSiP location at Mr. n PP9 &£» I::::::: :itllo« ' effect with plain and p!a:d facing, to J
We have jus: received a big du?ment of ostrich feather boas, Sugar Sifter, strrUng top. $5,50 [ OihOP HfUStrated BOOfiS children of' De.tl^y by Sewell ||1.O» ¦ march, $10.00 to $15.00, {
boug^pecL7fortJ 1 eC!^m«dme;,ekctedfeathen,cf^ CeleryTny .(ij^.inj) $5,75 W$®ffl feg^^l • lWln the Open. Rem,n g ton. g3.85 0^^: i::":" "SlSS "" " ' j
v^ be/n»k'e V - b^ack gray, natural wh'te , O d black and W^er Carafe- 8 mche, m dumeter $3m50 :^^ IS^™^^ $£::::".$\ffi %&%%!& S ' HOySf ¦ W/lf #et« Slf/fe
white, and we have marked th:m at even less than the prices that China Chocolate Pot— Hand painted, fins Hav- Fruit Knife Set— A novelty consisting of fancy Wanted— A Mateh-MaKer. Ford aJl.OU Bar Sinister, by Davia...... ..ill.OS . nZm-'lUM** mmmM~'. &'m-0%*% 3
mam- store, ask for much ; i'and China, rore or violet dec- ~— ng L Majolica plate, wlih c^ored China apple in 'cen- '^ B,r^ ; of. the Twitr. Russell ....... Lionel .Carterrs OCma*.: .... i ; Jil ; O8 U 11 IY1 Ofi U 3y, &1 .9 3 3
45-in. bois. $f 3, 5U, S>15.UU and $18, OO oration, large site VOmUU ter, holding 6 fruit knives with rf# —i Historical BOOKS, EtC, Adventures of Gerard, by Doyle.. I l.OS , Oor.javcnile department is favorably known tO most 1
54-in. bois.$f8.5Q, $20.G0 *nd $23.50 Crystal Candelabra- With prism pendant*, a b^ 111 ?-"',^-';^^ 5 - r i^&5?!^^&o : Shtn B m r K t •condum?^bV•wilVlam 9 o^ mothers in this city tnd vicinit/." Whenoncetboy 3
7 2.in. boas, eacn . . . $25.00 and $35.00 ™Y <* ***t affair, of dear and . brilliant Boh .»ji"» plas, Be er Set-Ruby colored, large 2a^-S5«iW-ViiibiS ""! iio» weari our clothing he becomes one of "our boy/»
9^. boas, beaut-fu^each $50.00 complete with 4 colored banquet _ S^Sf^P^l^^ E^^HI M t4^l C W Hkc that oLd te X- ?
TT"" -,. . " ' c/, " \' \ ",", ' , ,tray,for. ........ . . .$3.75 ctony. bv'wuim, -jflw fday,*t priccr that no other store can duplicate, that 3
GrOCerteS and UqUQrS P e Sfifu?M ' |^£ TdSiS^fl^^P^ i°#?g !:^i«i» F^Bra5y™^ ha, made so many of .-our boy." in this city.
Monday and Tuesday ° ' y ' ' ' ' ' V ' 92t25 ¦ *fr ********«*.?*. ¦¦ • SUSP UtmoTieaotu . a B wit,.n-......-.... ; ..,.»MH» Latestjfor Young Folks^ B oyi- Knee Panu school Suit-Made of ««d,.W«iDf tweed h
Hims- Eutrrn sucar-corcd, for ths two days, pound. . . /4j/o Electric Reading Lamp— All ready to connect with I ¦ *>,.; -<¦•¦- -¦¦•,...,¦>¦,-¦¦¦¦¦- w *¦ ¦- ¦ - : - --. ¦¦ -. - - ¦ - ¦ : ' Throu^AVee* Campaigns.' by' H enty!!;f l2o , Wrious coloring double breasted; sack coat, all ! rzei /rom 8 to
Fanrv Pc» - Vr* C-ro Ira Head 7 pounds . GOn , ¦¦¦ ' - L sflK * "' " * With the Allies to Fekln. Henty »l.i:o 16 years, complete suit, Monday only, gt* <§
; y A'. . .,. ' your electrc wiring— a pretty one, with wrought M S* *L Green Satin Gown, Lora Richards • 75o c } m&gmiziM «'
Lucca O.1 — Cro;s: & BJckwell «, quarts 62O ¦ . 6 _J/v . ¦»? • ¦,.... .. The Giant Ruby (fairy-tales)... ...SS1.2S "*«.*. * ' * • * • * r • . • • • • .* * */*¦****** j
Oysters- Sdec-s, Ts, dozen, a tin*. . . . . . 25O iron bale, bronze cupid, holding an electric bulb and . . . -_ y^P^f^ - : jf^^''-[glM:^' : J^^ i lJikJi-'-M M'S^STMJ^" "' BrenJar^^rtTata^^ReTd™' 1110^"" "»lla« Others up to $7.56. ', ¦ -•¦ 1
Babbitt's Eest Soep-z 3 bars . v . a dain-.iy d:corated, 10-inch ring top dome shade, frf .^ M/i C M/C^frwa l^WiT/ S M M^ MsTM «>y.B«Jr ; i i"""''i"Jr"!!'5|| Long Pants Sult-This season's goods; bright patterns, smart \
Port or Shtrr>'-Gool crdinay winf, gaCcn 5So 7 ' W&& M £ A J$L W M Hid* JLJ i^4LA&/W B A Seton -2 1 /^ eutt, either double or lingl; breasted costs. The fabrics are >
Oid Kentucky Bourbon- Fdl <pcrt demijohn 65c orly "^^ M M M M in^o n^N £f f ; ; ; ; ; ; j{;|[| positively .11 Wool, sue. from 13 to 19 year,, . _„ i
Extra Table Caret— Others charge 50c to 75c gallon; for the ; "CALIFORiMlA'S LARGEST- ' ..^j-^**''^ Little >Vomen.Jby.U M.Alcott • 1 .:1 5 and very specially priced at . . . ... . .. 97.5U {
two d=« f 5-g^'on lota, $ 1.85; rngle gallon *Oo Other styles of electric Reading Lamps, -.-¦¦¦ ¦ |l|| jfffll "* • ? h ;Xr^Tfor%oo y . KSlns -;:::::: i^c ' Others up to $20.00. \
McXu'lin's V.'hitc Ubd Sto-Jt—Gunncw, dozen. . . $f.QO , ¦ mTTlTltMft'ltt'lffil P"^nmirni? rr'rnnrinr^T'nTfinr St. Nicholas for 1903 (2 vols.) lf3.25 linn a MninFlnnr * I'
Impfri*! Glngtr A'e (domestic) -D=«n 75o from $6.50 to $25.00. AMERICA S GRANDEST,3TOH& Sunday tor itx>4 ji.oo | section 4 Mam floor. | ».THE FB A1S" CISCO ' CALL. SUNDAY/NOVEMBER 29. 1903.
26
ADVEBTISEIfl^inS.
II B .tjnL,!. M * 4 ' (lormcrly the California F\irniture Company) . desire to announce their W****^^ 5^ jl, ff- •>¦ J^—'a *t* ra
1 'i I ' "Irf k -'\ % I removal from MarKet Street and request the honor of your presence at % **$ ! j ifj '^'»- s™^* 115^ ™S
I fp j? ,""* rvl'ls' *' tKe formal opening o^ their new store, 2G1 to 2S1 Geary Street, at Union || ¦',; \\ »1 .1^., t if Ms*- "^
m i£L*$ W* " ' -11^' x "^\ 5quare — tomorrow, Monday, November thirtieth, nineteen hundred three. |j vkjI-I lie '' % w?\^ M
if : 1 P r r * W otherwise, but our entire staff will be on hand between the hours of 1O g ; k?'S Jjl' * *~S ii^ m
m~ z *i |[ l A' # an<^ 5 P.M. and 8 to 1O P. M.. and will tahe pleasure! in! showing' || : t || < ff*^^ "1
"3 • — I S •- I if '" you through what we believe to be the most sumptuously . appointed M * v^'li §t / 8| i'*' HA surgeon named Von Manteuff el, at
Dorpat, in the Government of Livonia,
Russia, recently removed a bullet from
a woman's heart, and the patient lived
three days after the . operation. The
bullet had traversed her heart, but had
not penetrated k Its larger cavity.—Ex
change.
Lived With Bullet in Heart
either pass to each other or endeavor
to get the ball into their own courts,
where intruders are not permitted. ' At
each end of the table a goal Is kept in
the orthodox fashion, and the game is
played with miniature hockey sticks,
being, to all Intents and purposes,
table hockey. — London Chronicle.
Better be envied than pitied.
To see the look. on Bandmaster Pres
ton's face vas worth the price of ad
mission. — Sterling (111.) Standard.
The "Tom" show: band was lustily
"spieling" In front of the Gait Housa
Thursday evening. Inside Governor
Yates was shaking hands with tho
crowd. Every once in a. while the trom
bone player would let out a blat that
wotfld shake the hotel on its founda
tion. Suddenly the Governor turned
around and, with a pleasant smila on
his face, said:
"I sea the Sixth. Regiment band la
getting In Its heavy work." . • ¦
Not That Band.
ROME. Nov. i28.— A number oT students here
to-day • attempted • to make another 'anti-Aus
trian demonstration, but were easily prevented
by tfce police..
NEW . YORK, Nov. .. 28.— F. ,.R. M.
Martinez, musical editor, of the World,
Is dying from paralysis. He Is a na
tive of San Francisco and is a member
of Golden Gate Commandery. Knights
Templar.
Noted Musical Critic Dying.
and Suit House. 1230-34 Marfcet st. •
"Hocker ball" is quite the latest
product In '. the way of parlor games.
Its Inventor claims that it will shortly
sweep the world clear of ; all that [ re
mains of ping-pong. The new . game
is suitable for either summer or winter,
a -great* advantage 'being that it can
be played sitting down by either four,
six or eight players. Each of these has
his own particular "court" to" play in—
the table is - divided by tapes < into as
many courts . as there are players-^
from iwhichi he endeavors >to "pass"- or
to^ shoot - goals/ Ayneutral territory J is
provided, ¦ from which' players can
Ping Pong's Successor.
Secretary Hay has received through
Embassador Porter a letter asking him
to accept, on behalf of the French Gov
ernment, a marble bust of Washington
to replace the one presented byFrance
which burned in the fire which de
stroyed the Library of Congress De
cember 24, 1851. The bust now offered
is modelM upon an original plaster
cast ..by. David ; de Angers, .. the great
French sculptor. The would-be donors
are citizens of France who are bound to
this country : by ties of friendship i or
historical connection, which they would
thus strengthen. /.The letter Is signed
by Comte de \ Rochambeau, Marquis de
Lafayette, Marquis de Grasse and Hen
ry Jouln.— Washington Star.
Another Gift From France.
SANTA BARBARA, Nov. 28.—Physi
cians in attendance upon Charted Wil
son, the livery man of this city who
was 6hot by Mrs. Jennie Downey last
evening, report "that^ he will probably
recover! The bullet 'entered the back
and passed around the body.
Mrs. Downey spent the night In the
City Jail and her arraignment took
place this afternoon. A complaint,
charging her with assault, with a dead
ly weapon with intent to commit mur
der, was sworn to by Wilson at the
hospital this morning and the Justice
of the Peace called at noon to take the
deposition of the wounded man. Mrs.
Downey continues to deny that she did
the shooting.
WOMAN IS ACCUSED
OF ATTEMPTED MURDER
Mrs. Jennie Downey of Santa Bar
bara Declares She Lid Not
¦*«v; Shoot.
A very notable Duke, who has estates
In the three kingdoms, and who holds
almost princely sway over many work
ers, had occasion the other day to dis
miss a laborer for some slackness or
misdemeanor. The man was angry at
being "sacked," and, having nothing
further to fear or hope, wanted to say
something very hard and hurting to his
master. He could think nothing much
of the kind, for the Duke had been
good to him and to his. He was turn
ing away, when he suddenly remem
bered *that~ the Duke's "lady" held a
position at court with the Queen. That
was his chance, and his cue, so he
turned round on the Duke: "Oh, yes,
your Grace," he said, J.T11 go home.
But though I'm a poor man, thank God
I never had to send my missis out to
service as you had." The Duke smiled.
—London Morning Post.
The Drake and His Labor.
John C. Reeves of Portland, familiarly
known as "Del," and having a national
reputation as a rattlesnake hunter, has
recently gained fresh laurels.
Last week thirty-six rattlers, ranging
from fifteen Inches to four and a half
feet • in . length, were killed by him In
the Somerset Mountains, situated east
of Portland. ; Seventeen of various
lengths were killed within a, space of
about fifteen square feet.
Some of the large snakes had nine or
ten rattles, while some of the smaller
had but one or two. The snakes were
beautifully striped. Ten baby rattlers
were found huddled together near their
nest, which was In a rock crevice.
Mr. Reeves captures his" snakes by
stealing up on them, while they are
basking In the sun and pinning them
to the ground with a forked stick four
or five feet in length. He then uses a
club. . .
Mr. /Reeves finds much sport In rat
tlesnake hunting, and also finds it very
profitable. - One dollar an' ounce is
realized from the oil. The skin nets
him from 25 cents to %2, and occasional
ly more for an unusually large one.—
Hartford Courant.
Profit in Snakes.
PARIS, Nov. 28.— The members of
the British Parliament and their ladies
who are now in France returning the
visit of. the members of the French ar
bitration group to London went this
afternoon to Versailles, where after a
flattering reception they witnessed an
interesting series of dances of the pe
riod of Louis XV, executed by members
of the opera ballet corps. At the con
clusion of the dances a luncheon, was
served at which a number of short
speeches favoring closer relations be
tween France and England were made.
Delegate Miller of Canada, in his re
marks referred to the bonds uniting
Canada and France. Especial Import
ance is attached here to Mr. Miller's
words because of the suggestion they
contained that the British colonists
might not accept the operation of the
Anglo-French arbitration treaty in
quesions directly affecting the coir
onies. The British Chamber of Com
merce in Paris tendered the visitors
a reception this evening and to-night
an at home was given in their honor
by the Automobile Club.
BRITISH AND FRENCH
GROW FELICITOUS
Many Plattering "Words Are Passed
To and Fro at a. Versailles
Function.
NEW YORK, Nov. T*.— The following
Californians are registered here: From
San Francisco — Mrs. Anderson at the
Continental; Miss F. | Miner, Mrs. K.
L. Pines at the Navarre; B. G. Reaves
at the Continental; H. H. Scribner at
the St Denis; Dr. Westerfeld at the
Broadway Central?- L. A. Wolff at the
Imperial; P. Davies at the Herald
Square; MIss;B. H. Kane, Mrs* D. H.
Kane at the Park Avenue; Mrs. I. W.
Maughs at the Grand Union.
Californians in New York.
JOHNSTOWN, Pa., Nov. '28.— A gen
eral order issued by the Cambria Steel
Company, taking effect Monday, will
place the single turn, employes on . a.
nine-hour basis. The order affects 13,
000 .men. The idea of curtailing the
working hours of the mechanics as well
as all of the floating day labor rather
than effecting economies by a shut
down is to ' preserve the organization,
so that when the busy season arrives
the Cambria shops will be effectively
manned.
IJIne Hours for Workmen.
"He was a man of about 45 years of
age and of temperate habits and de
yoted to his family. He had been liv
ing a retired life since he forsook San
Francisco for New York, and I am* pos
itive that it could not have been any
cares or worries in the business line
that prompted the suicide."
"I was of the opinion that, my uncle
was living perfectly happy, and so far
as I know he had no reason to end his
life," said he. .. "He was well known here
in wholesale business circles'" and was
considered a shrewd man of affairs and
honest and upright in every transac
tion. He came out- here on a visit about
two years ago, remaining for some
weeks. At that time he was In. the best
of spirits, though he complained of.fall
ing health for some time previous. I
often heard from him by letter since
that time, and many 'times he wrote, of
his falling health, so' I am of the opin
ion that it was Illness which- caused
him to end his existence.
When he heard of his uncle's sad
death Marcus Banner was greatly
shocked. -."'•- . '
?Victor Banner was for a number of
years a prominent merchant in this
city. He was associated with his
nephew, Marcus . Banner, in the whole
sale millinery business for a long time
and - amassed quite a fortune. He left
this city about six years ago and went
with his family to reside In New Yorkj
NEW YORK, Nov. 23.— Victor Ban
ner, 55 years of age, a bachelor, com
mitted suicide in his apartments, 107
West Sixty-ninth street, to-day by
shooting himself in the right temple.
His lifeless body, partially clothed,
was found on a chair In the bathroom
by a colored servant. Near by on the
floor was a revolver. On the table was
a note reading:
"Please notify Simon Banner, 10
West Seventy-fourth street. You know
why I have done this."
No one in the house heard the shot
and the terrified maid who had ob
served the body, the bathroom door
being slightly ajar, at once informed
Dr. Hatch, a dentist in the house, who
notified the police. Mrs. Reslnger, the
landlady, was not at home. It is inti
mated that Banner lost considerable
money in Wall street. Simon Banner,
the man mentioned in the note, is a
brother and the owner of the Del
Monte, a fashionable apartment house
here. With his son, S. Morrel Banner,
a lawyer, he. lives at the address men
tioned. Another brother, Peter, with
his family has apartments at the Hotel
Majestic
Simon and Peter some years ago con
ducted a dry goods store at Broadway
and Grand street. S. Morrel Banner,
the nephew of the dead man, said to
day: . '
"I am absolutely at a loss to account
for the suicide of my uncle. We knew
little of his movements lately and rare
ly saw him. He led the life of a re
cluse since he came here several years
ago from San Francisco. As to his
personal affairs I know nothing. He
had some money, I believe, and he was
operating In Wall street. He never
married." . .
Special Dispatch to The CalL
The present commission consists of
MM. Durand, Alphandery and Marigan
of the Court of Cassation and MM. Mer
cier, Geoffery and Dupre, directors of
the Ministry of Justice. M. Alphan
dery Is an Israelite, M.- Durand a Cath
olic and M. Marigan a Protestant.
Nothing has yet transpired to indi
cate that General Andre has discovered
documents of doubtful authenticity or
that there was maneuvering on the part
of the Minister of "War during the
Dreyfus trial to conceal important
facts, though assertions to this effect
have been made. It is stated that M-
Gribelin, formerly principal keeper of
the records of the headquarters staff,
has made Important revelations. The
commission will receive the documents
next "Wednesday.
The decision of Minister of Justice
Valle to refer the question of a revision
of the Dreyfus sentence to a
commission, it is officially stated,
is based upon an article of the criminal
code which provides that in a case
where, after condemnation, new facts
develop, or where previously unknown
proof of a nature which would tend to
establish innocence is presented, the
condemned person has a right to ask
for a revision of sentence and the right
to pass upon such request belongs to
the Minister of Justice, who will decide
after having taken the opinion of a
commission, composed of three " direc
tors of his ministry and three members
of the Court of Cassation.
Dreyfus owes the favorable action ta
ken to the careful consideration given
the case by Minister Andre, whose con
clusions are regarded as in the highest
degree favorable to Dreyfus, since they
determined the Minister of Justice to
refer the Question of a revision to a
commission.
PARIS, Nov. 28. — The efforts of Al
fred Dreyfus to secure a Judlcal exam
ination of his case iiave at last been
crowned with success. After examin
ing the dossier in the case submitted to
him by General Andre, the Minister of
War, Minister of Justice Valle has
transmitted that document, together
with the petition o/ Dreyfus, for a re
vision of his sentence, to M. Durand,
the president of the commission insti
tuted by the Ministry of Justice. This
commission will pronounce upon tho
admlssibility of the- request for a re
vision of sentence.
Victor Banner,' a Former San
Franciscan, Uses- Pistol
With Fatal Effect.
Commission Will Pass Upon
Petition for Revision
of Sentence.
French Minister of Jus
tice Takes Prelim
inary Steps.
Mystery in the Death
of a Wealthy New
York Bachelor.
AFFAIRE DREYFUS
TO BE REOPENED
KILLS HIMSELF
BUT HOLDS SECRET
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SUNDAY; . NOYBMBER 29, 1903.
27
GREEN TRADING STAMPS GIVEN WITH ALL PURCHASES ]
Cushion Tops. Center Pieces.
12V6o Each — This Is probably the rxeates«. ilsfca" 1 ¦ *^. - - V. '¦-<< *'Z*'J •>« *>/» V* • i t'^
barsraln In Cushion Tops ever offored by any aggj £j _j<TO»_dMb i<|w€£_ir<jir 9»>.vO — Linen center pieces partly worked;
¦tore in this city. In the lot we have arranged iij^"* % iS TnIbsI ¦ftlfalS Tr*sH~ m^ST alar, silks for finishing sim- mnnv differen-
for to-morrow there are 250 different deslama. m S Egg jf^t ffl £1 mf H JkTO ; , nmsnine 33m>., many cinereru
the majority of which are absolutely new. mk Sfe » Ja* I1W1& BL 134 JffiL HL fQlf designs — holly, roses, scrolls, carnations, wild
They are in burnt leather effecti, Qibaon pen 31 W*^ J *r '*TT S <m'^&^ fr/SaT . .
sketches In black and tan. and the latest In VgS v jm^_Jur ¦ f-- roses, etc.
m X^^^i^^^o 1 AIJVAYST^UARLE ; ' Embroidery lesson, given free of charge
each, tout lay a Bpecial arrangement wo aro m -^— - _ -«— • • every Tuesday and Friday from 9 a. ra. to
ablo to offer thorn at\. ."T. ..18V& | | fgl JZ3&~1250 MARKET SB* 0 ** 1^ "| | < P- "» .
Novelties Women's Suits, Coats and Skirts, Fancy Goods
PERFUMERY Novel- *-|-» HE majority of garments included in this sale are part of a f^ ANCY goods aro now in
_ ties in leathe». goods are |^ special purchase, and we can afford to make exceedingly lib- H great demand, and we are
the leaders in holiday; goods s eral^reductions. Every garment is absolutely in the newest style determined to give values
for this week. A pretty gift can made of thi s 8ea80n ' s popular materials. that cannot be excelled. These
be secured at a small price. „ itcm8 „«, part of a grcat assort-
ditditi luirp v - ... . . dvllo. ¦ . • •
rjc-ivr v/iTijLiv i . . : • '¦ , -, ment.
10c— Fancy box containing two Of fancy mixtures and black, blue and brown Lvmantville RIBBONS.
bottles of Eastman's perfumery. cheviots ; coats are made straight front or blouse style; walking or train 35^ ._ pm • fa
15c— i bottle of^perfumcry and skirts. These suits are regular $25 values. ***** fj 9 ** rmow n ?° oa "J
h,,. u.-, n f soan * afr m \r 1 t • u * • 1 t •« 1- • l* ne n with fancy satin stnoes and
two bars ot soap. $17.50— Made of mannish materials or Lymansville cheviots. ,. ... „. A _. ..^jIa
25c-^-4 cakes of soao. 1 box of, Many, pretty styles will be shown to-morrow for the first time: one style draw stnn *« aIso ombre . shaded
sachet powder and one bottle of . j s a beautiful Oxford or brown mixture, military style. $27. "jo value. satin nbbon with draw string; 4H
perfumery; put up in a handsome aoo «,^. . _ v i>f \ t . . ... . " ¦ . inches wide.
(j OX 922. 5O— A most beautiful assortment in this lot; some are made ,,5 -.
• Piver's and Roger & GalletV °* f ancv mixtures and military style; collarless and front is trimmed with * 5c a y***! — Double faced satin
oerfumcries; come in beautiful Persian loops and military braid; skirts are walking length, nine Kore. and saun taffeta nbbon, the best
boxes DcautituJ Rcgu ] ar $ 35 su its. quality made; 4 and .S Inches wide;
GOODS. < WAISTS. SSI "specSf
50c-Wrist bags; peen, blue. Flannel waists in all colort. These are the latest style and NECKWEAR.
brown, red and black; leather -v.viw value* Worth $1 7< • im^wtAK.
lined. They have inside pocket. excellent values. Worth ¦ 51.75. .. • 50c_All silk fancy stock coW
50c and up — An elejrant line of $2.05 — Beautiful cashmere waists; elegantly made and come In all lars made of pure silk taffeta with
music rolls, cases, etc, a most shades. $4.00 values. . , tabs and turnover collars, trimmed
complete assortment in colors and $3.45 and $3.75— Made of albatross, in most beautiful shades. * ith sc . lf - ve ] vct , and buttons: a
bl $:r,0, ? 3.50. ,4, and w I |g^SS^|&^ffi3 ° f *™~ Wt ta " a U * "'^ TaI '^CO?^ C . OlOnnR> -
S*SUr?SS.. 1 SS. 0 '^£ WALKING SKIRTS. ¦JSgLfffrtSS £? 1%
handsome Christmas eifts. $2.95— Made* of fancv mixtures in bxford. jrray. sreen. black and . f u ii an d the correct shades: assort-
. No etxra charge for letterm* any ti uc; f u n scvcn KOre fl are an d they are beautifully stitched; worth $5.00. e d patterns. $2.50 values.
article. . ¦ . J '¦_____. ¦
Dress Goods, Silks. | HJS Millinery HJ9 Bedding, Woistings.
THERE is not a woman in San Francisco ' _^ T?T?/-kT»T* • _ • j »j •
who can affprd to miss this chance for a ASr final clean-up in our big mil- D EFORE Christmas we intend to get nd of
piece of Ihe newest color dress goods or /\ linery department we have LJ «« | reater . P^ o£ thls immense stock,
silk. We are making a before-Ghristmas clear- taken all of the following and beginning to-morrow there -will be
ing in this section and are offering rare bar- grades of hats and marked them at great reductions on aU kinds of bedding and
gains. one price. They are without doubt the waistangs. It will mean a saving opportunity
DRESS GOODS-Black. finest values to be found at any store tnat 1S wWorn equaled.
$1.00 a yard-yBlack zibeline: sells regularly at in this city. ';2 . WHITE WOOL BLANKETS.
\^Sl^S^^S^^SSS^^^S^< Beautiful brown velvet hat faced in ?2.75-io-4. ?3.05_ii-4. $5.5O-i 2 -4.
after present stock is exhausted. •, . _ , . . ... A - 1 fftMirftBTFUS
$1.5O a yard— Pebble Eudora, a canvas weave chiffon and trimmed in brown tios and - '. COMFORTtRb.
with zfbeline finish: a beautiful material for coat brown nbbon. Worth $6.50. 85c— S,lkolme covered comforters; pure white
suits. Worth $2 a yard. . . . Brown astrachan turban, finished cotton filling. Also a heavier grade at $1.35.
$2.50 a vard— Panne broadcloth;, very highly with velvet and brown pompon. A'reg- BEDSPREADS.
finished cloth", which is unequaled for richness and ular. $7.00 value. $1.10— Heavy honeycomb spreads, extra heavy
service. Regular $3.00 value. a'u^ m^l- iii»i? w 9 * fMTtim*.^ xv?th grade; for double bed.
50c a yard— Albatross; suitable for waists or A large black velvet hat trimmed with « $1.75. $2.1O. $2.75 and $3.5O— Marseilles
pleated skirts. This' material is to be much worn ., plume and satin nbbon. Worth 57.00. spreads; exceptional values ».
this season. ' . ' . ' . .. An elegant brown beaver plush, pom- . plqss on LOWS
Cream. -, ' padoiir shape, trimmed with a bunch of . «^* .
50e. 75c and $1.00 a yard— Alpaca. . . ¦ brown tips and finished with ribbon.- "^Jy 16 . 23 by 23.
50c a yard— Albatross: all pretty shades also. $6.50 value. . «o^~ l8 u y l8 rn y !i
5Oc and 65c a yard-Henrietta. £|g - Black velvet turban, finished in wings - Oc ~ 2° °Lf° AM^?, y
' 85c. $1.OO and $1.50 a yard— Serge. • . and ¦ black • satin ribbon and finished TENNIS FLANNEL.
$1.25 and $1.50 a yard— Bedford cord, ; . around the brim with black and white 8 l-3c a yard— Heavy tennis flannel; -pretty
.,,.. SILKS. '<; . cord. ' - stripes and plaids in pink, blue, gray, etc.
•25c a yark-~20-inch Japanese:' silks ; : all colors, 1 . : $1.50—Misse8 f and children's sailor WAISTINGS.
black and white;, suitable for fancy; work, evenins: hats. Worth- $2.25.. . 30c a yard— Fancy' stripe wool waistinss; all
waists, etc. .;"..._.'.-': ¦^¦\ .. 1 • 1 • 3Oc— A large assortment-of school this season's latest patterns and shades. Worth
\ S&$Reduced:f^5xioo. 60c a yard. •
for coats, wash twaists. drapenesf etc. fi>, \ ¦:-,¦.. ..•¦... ¦¦ » __^_^________J |^
VVonieit'^l^^ Shoes, Toys,
FOR well, fitting, perfectly made,: garments 'j UST ' the tinie of the year when TT ERE are a few suggestions' for advance
the special stock we are, off enng this week I g00( j f oo twear is in most- de- XT. holiday toys that are worthy of your at-
-v cannot be surpassed. > ' • . mand. Prevent colds by being ' attention. 1 Bring the children and let them
5 . $1.00— Heavy woven vests and French band- . ' we n s hbd revel 1 in the -delights of our big toyland.
pants, hiade of three threads of lamb's wool and : - $2.85^-Good shoes for men; box DOLLS.
one of cotton; guaranteed nonshnnkable; - natu- C alf and Vici kid; lace. Goodvear- welts 87c— 10-inch iointed doll; composition body
ral color . . and heavy extension soles; fine for wet and bisque head. Sleeping eyes. Ready to'
7oc— Union suit made of -extra heavy fleeced wea ther. Worth $3-50. dress. Worth "Sue
maco cotton;, high neck and long sleeves; full $1.5O-Women's Juliets: maple leaf 93.5O_26-inch Kestner jointed doll; full size
finished seams. Regular $1.00 quahty. _ designs; iridescent velvet, mottled bisque head,- sleeping eyes, pearl teeth, curly'
HOSIERY; - gray and black serpentine: French or hair, lace stockings and . patent leather shoes.
1.7<J — Women's heavy Sea Island cotton- hose; military heels and light, flexible soles. A regular $4.75 doll,
double soles, heels and toes, elastic tops. Extra- . $1.2O— Boys' satin calf school BOOKS.
value. ' shoes; heavv extension soles: lace: sizes ok« t. 'r> • » ¦»? • * <v « -^ « i"
12^c— Boys' and misses' hose made of heavy u v 3 to 2. $1.35— Sizes 2V2 to 5J4. An •„ :..'•"": ? nm8 , Fairy • "' T ™\ colored
and medium iweisrht maco cotton; double knee. excellent winter shoe. illustrations. Extra large print. Just the thing
heels and toes. Regular 3 for 50c quality. $1.25— Misses' box calf school for the school children. -r.-i/..-
— — — — - ' — — —^— ¦ — *^— shoes; heavy extension soles, ' — ""* i— — ¦— — i— «^»
_.. . . - . _ _ ... ..._ . . -. ¦ heels; lace; sizes 8 J A to 11. $1.5O— . }
. SuitsforMen. S^^T TheTiKhtshoe for Suits for Boys. [
'~f* HIS is a "red tag" sale that means a sav- » rr* HE sale'bf this lot of suits, secured from
1 ing pf about one-half. Several complete . • | a we ll-known retailer some days ago, has
'• Unes of men's suits have been chosen and _ ; f . ._- ' _.__ k • 1^ •«, been an -unusually well .• patronized one.
the reductions marked on red tags showing the 171611 S f UOT\lSIllI\$£S The values cannot be better and the styles and
variance in the two prices. There are four differ- "* v<> w * *» SZ__ - workmanship are perfect.
ent values at the one I6wj>rice. .. HANDKERCHIEFS. $2.'45— Two-piece suits. A few of this lot
.' -;# • $13.75. 5c each— Plain white and fancy bor- left. AH sizes.
There are about 500 suits in this lot,. and all ders, hemmed and hemstitched: full $3.4o— -Two-piece suits of pure woolen ma-;
this season's newest styles. The materials are size and fast colors; extra value. 6 terials and made by the best makers. None
Scotches, homespuns, cheviots, worsteds, black . for 25c worth le^s than $4.50 and $5.00. Q'-Ui
and gray Clay worsteds, blue serges and black SOX. $4. 4o— Three-piece suits, jacket, knee trous-.
unfinished worsteds. Single and double breasted 7 c a "pair-Silk finished -sox ; seam- «"» n . d M^iS^Vorth So^ chCT10ts . tnd .
styles All are band 'tailored; and have^the best j e doi S,l e Jieds and toes: plain black tW |S iS-AH^ol Nollkifn ~~
English shrunk canvas interhnings, best quality and brown; absolutely fast colors; all 7 .*^
mohair serge body linings and , warranted hair . sizes . , patterns. They are all the very latest styles,
cloth fronts. "- ' ¦ ' ". • - Excellent bargains^_^All sizes.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISE3CENTS.
People who make a dally practice of
taking one or two of Stuart's Dyspep-
sia Tablets after each meal are sure to
have perfect digestion, which means
perfect health. •
There is no danger of forming an in-
jurious habit, as the "tablets' contain
absolutely nothing but natural diges-
tives: cocaine.- morphine and similar
drugs have no place in a stomach' med-
icine, and Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
are certainly the best known and most
popular of all stomach remedies. '
ABk.your druggist for a fifty-cent
package of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
and after ; a week's , use note the ; im-
provement ¦ in health, appetite * and
nervous energy.
Only men engaged in a severe out-
door manual labor can live on a heavy
meat diet and continue in health.
As a general rule, meat once a day
is sufficient for all classes of men,
women and children, and grains, fruit
and vegetables should constitute the
bulk of food eaten.
But many of the most nutritious
foods are difficult of digestion and it is
of no use to advise brain workers to
eat largely of grains and vegetables
where the digestion is too weak to as-
similate them properly.
It is always best to get the best re-
sults from our food that some simple
and harmless digestive should be tak-
en after meals to assist the relaxed di-
gestive organs, and several years' ex-
perience has proven Stuart's Dyspep-
sia Tablets to be a very safe, pleasant
and effective digestive and a remedy
which may be taken dally with the
best results.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets can hard-
ly be called a patent medicine, as they
do not act on the bowels nor any par-
ticular organ, but only on the food
eaten. They supply what weak stom-
achs lack, pepsin diastase, and by
stimulating the gastric glands in-
crease the natural secretion of hydro-
chloric acid.
Is of Little Benefit Unless It Is Di-
gested.
Nearly every one will admit that as a
nation we eat too much meat and too
little of vegetables and the grains.
For business men, office men and
clerks and, in fact, every one engaged
in sedentary or indoor occupations,
grains, milk and vegetables are much
more healthful.
BRAIN FOOD
1 P VflTQPUIMWI i
LfiL\A!5bhlnok\l I
FhUaddphia Shoe Co. |
10 THIRD STREET, SAK FRANCISCO. I
Adjoint^? Call SullOlajr. jjj
WHY WE
;CAN SELL SO CHEAP I
It is really a simple matter to tj
* explain. "We have one of the finest H
! locatloiis in this city and yet do w
not have to pay one-half the rent g
\ that our competitors on Market g
J and Kearny streets are forced to f|
3 pay. Our expenses being lighter H
we f^n afford to sell cheaper, and m
't -we positively assert that -we can g
save you from 50c to $1.00 on B
every pair of shoes. Special for H
this \reek: Ladies' Finest Lace I
Shoes, with perforated vici kid |
i vamps and niat kid Quarters, up- !
¦ to-date toes and patent leather %
J tips, pliable soles and hi^h con- |
: cave heels. THE TBJCS BE- |
t DITCED TO SI. So. Sizes 2Vi to |
t 8; widths B to EE. . jj
\ Three Strap Sandals
Pl<?aslr.£ to the eye and correct Q
for dress. Ladles' Imperial Kid ra
Three-Strap Sandals. Plain', coin Eg
toes, hand-turned soles and high H
French he«ls. TILS 7XJCIS O33X*7 S
S1.S.*>. Sizes 2*i to 7%; widths B
AtoE &
If you desire to make a H
present and do not know $
the size or style, pay one §
of our Shoe Orders. 1
Boys' Durable Shoes 1
A shoe we guarantee. Boys' pj
i and Youths' extra well made B. M
: Calf Lace Shoes, coin toes and tips S
I and heavy soles. g
Youths' sizes. 11 to 2.. .SI. 00 o
Boys' elzes, 24 to B^..S1.25 f|
I Men's Wine Slippers 1
A most acceptable present, ig
Men's Wine-Colored Russia Calf n
Opera Slippers, with patent leath- H
j er trlmmlnp and white kid lining, g
Eizes 5^s to 12. TEE PBICE, §|
B. KATSGHINSKII
Philadelphia Shoe Co. I
10 THTHP ST« Saa rraacisoo. H
V<ti^yS3 U*<- JI ALL'S REINA'IGORATOR
1 ji* ** B 3 stcpi all losses and unnatural dU-
« H charges In 2i hours. You feel an
fr % Tvl'i ::: -l r '- /Vcrr - cs ' t Irom the first doae.
*H p»**?| We have eo much confidence In our
fcljj LkiJ treatment that we cSer Five Hun-
CJl 3^J - r *" a reward {or any case wo caa-
• TrrjifV ii iy3 not cure. This secret remedy cured
lest power. L.gtV.y emiFslona, wasted oreans.
\aricocele, rleet. strictures, kidneys, f ailing
memoir, drsins In the urine, gonorrhoea, dU-
case of the Lrostate r lands and all other terri-
ble effects of *elf>abuse or excesses, which lead
en to consunsptloa and death. Positively cures
the worst cases In old or young of that mcrtlfy-
sr.g condition, quickne-i of the discharge, and
v.fc^tlr.K to do. and you can't. Bent sealed. $2
; -r bottle, three bottles. Ii. Guaranteed to
cure ery ca«e.
Call or address orders HAUL'S MEDICAL
INSTITUTE. 8M Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
Aleo fcr sale at 10731* Market St.. S. F. Bend
tcr free bock.
n T> TT O T_T T7 O FOR BARBERS. BA-
DnUuilljU kera « bootblacks, bath-
XJXl UUiiWW houkca. billiard tables,
brewers bookbinders, candy-makers, canaers.
cy*i» flour xnllls. foundries, laundries, paper-
ho.r«ers. printers, palrters. she* factories,
nab!ern«*s tar-roofern. tarners. tailors, etc.
BTTCKAXTAXr BEOS,
Srash TWifnTifactarTs.609 Sacramento St.
/^^.DEWEY,STRGT<6 ftCO^gg^
IRHEUMATISM'^a
f£ Helpless. fcTsical aad Financial suffer no loncer H
If For ioformstloa. write SAN LUIS HOT SUUD
fePMUR SPRINGS, SAN LUIS OBI3PO. CALJB
Sehools and Colleges,
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE .OK THE
WTfiT, 24 Pot.t Bt.. Ban Francisco. Cal.
Ulahiished 40 years. Open entire year.
V.'rite lor iUustrated caUlofU* lirtt).
ADVERTISE2EENTS.
B^ W%k E S t^ Je °^ *k e household, for withont
Ilif ' Do ha PP* ness can te complete. How
ilsillP^ m sweet the picture of 'mother and babe,
Sr^m wmr B angels smile at and commend tho
SI ffl /cEkk fl fifk ffiB thoughts and aspirations of the mother
Mgf WW B §B bending over the cradle. The ordeal through
ra[ SI e| H S r* w^hich the expectant mother must pass, how*
f@f M *T$* Sag ever, is so full of danger and suffering that
she looks forward to the hour when she shall
feel the exquisite thrill of motherhood with "indescribable dread and
fear. Every woman should know that the danger, pain and horror
of child-birth can be entirely avoided by the use of Mother's Friend,
a scientific liniment for external use only, which toughens and render*
pliable all the parts, and
great crisis in perfect safety t" ¦¦ Hi* S3B ¦»• «
and without pain. Sold at $1.00 per KSgggjv SI KT?S3 g?y ffl
bottle by druggists. Our book of priceless H7 BOf c] HW jr»Jl Wi:\
value to all women sent free. Address §5*" SmS^.11^^^
ORAOriELD REGULATOR OO* Atlanta. Cm. » S Q ll 2 kjS'
PRAGERS
FBAGEBS
PRAGERS
PRAGEESJOHANNESBURG. Nov. 2S.— Princs Arthur
of Connaught. who Is a lieutenant of Hussars.
Is Buffering from dysentery and Is in. the
military hospital at KraReredorp. ., V
The singing section of the Order of
Hermann Sons will celebrate the first
anniversary, of its institution on Sun
day evening next in the Turk-street
Turner Hall by the production of the
romantic comic opera, "Die Afrikan
erln," by C. Hopfner. This will be pro
duced under the direction of Professor
Hoffmann. The association will pre
sent each person attending -with a
handsome souvenir programme.
Hermann's Sons' Singing Section.
OGDEN, Utah, Nov. 28.— President
Horace G. Burt of the Union Pacific
Railroad, accompanied by the party of
Eastern railroad officials who attended
the opening of the Lucin cut-off by
President Harriman on Thanksgiving
day, paBsed through the city this after
noon, en route home. The party will
reach Omaha Sunday- night. v .
President Harriman has sent the fol
lowing telegram to Alexander Miller,
New York:
, "Piease explain to the board of di
rectors and to Jacob Schiff that we
have Just completed a trip over our line
from Omaha to ¦ Reno, and found the
work completed and the new road In
general more impressive than any of
us expected. We are highly gratified
and the officers and their employes de
serve great credit for their masterful
efforts."
President Horace O. Burt and Party
Pass Through Ogden,
OFFICIALS TURN HOMEWARD.
Santo Domingo Is Quiet.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 28.—Com
mander Mertz of the gunboat Newport
has reported to the Navy Department
under date of November 27 that Santo
Domingo Is quiet and that the marine
suard has been withdrawn from the
city so recently surrendered to the Do
minican Insurgents.
MARSHALLTOWN, Iowa, Nov. 28.—
N. AI Carmean of Los Angeles, former
president of the Rhoades-Carmcan
Buggy Company of this city, was con
victed of embezzlement by a jury to
day in the District Court here. The
case- was appealed.
Los Angeles Man Convicted.
SANTA ROSA. Nov. 23.— City Marshal
W. T. Albertson of Sonoma Is In receipt
of a letter demanding $30. The writer
says that the money must be paid or the
life of the official will be taken. The au
thor of the note -writes that the money
shall be placed in $5 gold pieces under a
wooden curbing in front of a residence in
Sonoma not later than 9 o'clock Friday
night. He gives the Marshal warning
that unless the reauest is complied with
his life will be in danger. The missive
was written from San Francisco on a
letter bead of the Occidental Hotel. No
clew to the identity of the man has been
obtained.
Sonoma Official Is Called Upon to
Pay Money or- Suffer •
Death.
LETTER WRITER SENDS
THBEATS . TO MARSHAL
Former Captain of En
gineers Walks Forth
a Free Man.
LEAVENWOP.TH. Kans., Nov. 2S.—
Oberlin M. Carter, ex-carjtaln* of en
gineers, walked out c/, the portals of
the Federal prison Fort Leaven
worth a^frce man early this* morning,
At the gates he was met by his uncle,
L. D. Carter, and immediately * was
driven in a hack to the Union Depot
in this city.
While awaiting his tn>in the ex
army officer conversed freely on a large
r umber of subjects, but always skill
fully avoided the introduction of any
thing in regard to his conviction or his.
plans for the future. He spoke " at
length cbout the prison, but even then
turned the talk from htjaself to gen
eralities. In regard to himself he
merely said: © * .
"I am feeling as well as could be ex
pected under the circumstances; de
prived to an extent, as I was, of exer
cise, I could not hope to be better sit
uated."
The captain look*d much older than
when he entered the prison nearly four
years ago, but showed no trace of Ill
health. 0
It was believed laBt night that an of
ficer of the Department of Justice
might be at the prison gates to re
arrest Carter on an old Indictment, but
such was not the case. When he de
cided to leave the gates were thrown
open to him and he passed/out of the
prison walls for the first U/de since he
v/as brought Into court during his at
tempt to obtain a release on a writ
of habeas corpus. He was attired Just
as he was on his arrival at the time of
his Incarceration.
During his short stay here Captain
Carter talked Interestingly.
"Believing in your Innocence as you
do, do you ever think of yourself as
'a sort of a man without a country?' "
he was asked.
"Not at all." replied Carter. "Why
should I? Just because certain men
have done me a. terrible Injustice that
PORTLAND, Or., Nov. 28.— Inez E.
Harrison, who has sued her husband,
M. C. Harrison, for a divorce in- San
Francisco because, as she alleges, he
kissed typewriter girls, has entered suit
in the Circuit Court here to prevent her
husband from taking valuable property
from her, as she says, by fraud. Harri
son i3 well known in local insurance
circles, where he does business under
the firm name of Harrison & Co.
. As told by counsel for Mrs. Harrison
on October 6, Harrison & Co. began
suit against M. C. Harrison and Inez
Harrison to foreclose a mortgage on
some real estate in this city. A copy of
the summons was mailed to Mrs. Har
rison at San Francisco, with no street
address on it, and was later returned to
Portland. Mrs. Harrison alleges that
her husband knew perfectly well what
her street address was, but that his at
torneys deliberately addressed the let
ter merely to San Francisco, hoping
that it would remain undelivered, as
her name was not in th» directory, and
so it proved.
. A mortgage for 51500 had, been placed
upon the property in question. Harri
son paid it, but instead of having the
mortgage canceled he had it assigned
to Harrison & Co., of which concern
he is the principal owner. According to
Mrs. Harrison's contention her hus
band, as Harrison & Co., is suing him
self and his wife to foreclose the mort
gage so as to cheat her out of her
dower interest, as after the foreclosure
the property would belong to Harrison
& Co.
Special Dispatch to Tbe Call
Mrs. Harrison Fears
Husband May Not
Be Honest.
CARTER'S PRISON
TERM IS ENDED
SUES TO SAVE
HER PROPERTY
CHICAGO, Nov. 28.— Using every
means to avoid notice, Oberlin M. Car
ter, once captain of engineers in the
United States army, arrived in Chi
cago to-night and was at once driven
to the home of his brother, I. S. Carter,
308 North State street. When the San
ta Fe train bearing Mr. Carter drew
Into the Dearborn-street station bis
brother and his attorney were there ,io
meet him. Carter had nothing to say,
but Indicated that at some later time
he might make a statement.
is no reason for me to feel bitter toward
my country. No, I have worked too
hard for' my country to feel bitter to
ward her. She has had the best years
of my life. I never wronged her, as
poor Nolan did in the story, and I love
her. As to my future," said Carter, "I
really have no plans. I must wait
first to vindicate myself before the
American people."
"Will you consider your vindication
Incomplete unless you are restored to
rank In tbe army?"
"Of course," Carter said in reply;
"my vindication would not be complete
without that But that's too far ahead.
I can't talk about that— can't consider
it at present."
"It is reported that you have had an
offer from the Holland Government to
help' in the engineering work on the
drainage of the Zuyder Zee."
"I have no offers under considera
tion," he said.
"Many new sidings would have to be
built, and trains on the main line would
be blockaded by the operating of trains
used in the laying of the second track.
Careful consideration of the entire situa
tion will satisfy any one that the best
step was taken and the best results will
follow."
In the East some of the larger roads
were compelled to* take oft their fast pas
senger trains ,in order to facilitate the
movement of freight, and I am satisfied
that if comparative figures could be got
together at present, convincing ' evi
dence of the truth that' the Southern Pa
cific Company did remarkably well by its
patrons, in the face of! the difficulties
that confronted the management of the
road, would be easily obtained from them.
"It Is these very conditions that re
sulted in the undertaking of the- work
of straightening out the Central and the
Union Pacific roads, and Insuring the
patrons of the companies faster and bet
ter transportation of their shipments. Of
course, come people may argue that Pres
ident Harriman might have set this work
In motion at some period when times are
duller and tralTlc less, but I will say for
him that be Is of the opinion that the
Western country through which the
roads he operate-* extend, Is not going
to experience dull times, and«the quicker
the work was finished the more he
thought that the achievement would bo
appreciated. Other people *will argue
that Mr. Harriman should have a double
track. Perhaps he has a similar opinion,
but if he had undertaken to construct
these, greater difficulties would have con
fronted both the railroad and the ship
pers. • •
"I sometmies think that the people of
California hare not yet fully appreciated
the great Importance of fhe work that
is practically completed, nor can I Im
agine that the shippers of the State have
arrived at the full realization of the fact
that they gain the most by the successful
results of the construction work per
formed under the eye of President Har
riman. Of late there has been some com
plaint in ' Ca}!fornla regarding the con
gested condition of freight along the
Southern Pacific lines. It is, however, a
condition that is experienced every year
on the lines of the Eastern companies!
To the people of the coast It is something
new, and it will take some time, probably,
to educate them up to the Idea that these
conditions cannot always be overcome or
anticipated. All the motive power and
the rolling stock owned in this country
could not have moved the freight more
promptly than it was moved this year.
SITUATION IN THE EAST.
In discussing the good that -will re
mit to California from the straighten
ing of the Central Pacific and Union Pa
cific roads Mr. Stubbs said last evening
that the volume of benefit that would
eventually accrue to the State by reason
of these Improvements could not be esti
mated at this early period, «but he re
marked that it would certainly be enor
mous. Continuing, he said:
BENEFITS TO RESULT.
President Harriman and a number of
his friends came as far West as Sacra
mento, where their course was changed
southward to Los Angeles. From there
the president of the Southern .Pacific
Company will Journty up the coast road
to this city.
Traffic Director Stubb*, the picture of
robust health, which until recently he had
not enjoyed for many months, came as
far as this city merely for pleasure, and
expects to return to Chicago to-day with
his assistant, Ben Compbell.
A party of Harriman railroad officials,
inclurtlnK-Tfafllc Director J. C. Btubbs.
Assistant Director Ben Campbell,
J. A. Monroei freight traffic manager of
the Union Pacific: William Sproule,
freight' traffic manaper cf the Southern
Pacific, and General Freight Agent G.
W. Luce, Manager Agler, Chief Engineer
William Hood, Engineer of Maintenance
of Way J. H. Wallace and General Pas
srnger Agent T. H. Goodman of the
Southern Pacific, and J. Francis, general
passenger agent of the Burlington road,
arrived yesterday from Salt Lake, where
they formed a portion of E. H. Harri
man's partv which Inspected the Lucin
cut-off.
"I cannot believe that p. great news
paper such as yours is, whose character
for fairness is recognized by the peo
ple of Northern California as standing
first among the large newspapers of
this State, would knowingly inflict this
cruel blow upon us. My wife and I are
growing old, and the death of our son
was and for the remainder of our lives
will be a bitter grief to us. How
bitter none but those who have sus
tained a similar loss can realize. The
wound made by his 1 death can never
heal, but there would be a consolation
to us in knowing that his memory had
been cleared from the terrible charge
wrongfully laid upon it.
"In justice to the memory of our
dead son, and to us who brought him
into this world, taught him to follow
the path of the honest and the upright
and to whom naught is left but that
memory, we ask that you publish this
statement. P. L. McDANIEL."
In publishing the article referred to
In the communication from P. L. Mc-
Daniel, The Call had no intention of
doing the memory of his deceased son
any injustice, nor of adding to the
grief of the parents. The article in
question came to The Call in the usual
channels from a correspondent and was
published as any other item of news.
It appears from Mr. McDaniel's
statement, which The Call frankly does
not doubt, that the correspondent was
misled or misinformed.
The Call therefore takes pleasure in
giving Mr. McDaniel's statement pub
licity and regrets that unintentionally
it may have added to the grief caused
by the death of his son.
"I have obeyed the laws all of my
life and my neighbors and others who
know me will tell you that I am and al
ways have been a law-abiding citizen.
"He never called the members of the
family about him on his deathbed, nor
made any statement to thorn, as claim
ed in the article referred to. His death
was a sudden, and to us, a tragic one;
shortly before it occurred he appeared
better than he had been for some time,
and to me he expressed the hope that he
would soon be up and about again. He
was lying quietly on his bed when sud
denly and without saying a word, by
an almost superhuman effort, for he
was very weak, he arose to a sitting
posture, and a stream of blood burst
from his IIds. We rushed to his assist
ance and did everything we could to
aid and relieve him, but he never spoke
again, and died in a few minutes.
"He was not a member of the mob
known as the 'Lookout lynchers'; was
not present at the time of the lynch
ing and knew nothing at all about it
until the bodies had been found.
"He therefore could not have been and
was not kicked by any of the victims of
the mob, as was alleged in the article
referred to.
"Neither did he begin to decline in
health shortly after this lynching af
fair, as alleged in said article, but for
more than a year thereafter enjoyed"
robust health and worked as he always
had worked. It was not until the sum
mer of 1902 that his health began to
fall.
"His illness presented all of the usual
characteristics of consumption" and
was pronounced such by every physi
cian I called to attend him. To the
last, that is to say, up to within fif
teen minutes of his death, he pos
sessed the delusive hope common to
consumptives that he would recover.
The following letter has been re
ceived by the editor of The Call with
reference to a publication -which ap
peared in this paper:
"Editor of The Call-in your issue of
Friday, April 10, 1903, appeared an
article headed, 'Confession Reveals
His Grim Secret,' which purported to
be, and I presume was, a special dis
patch to The Call from Redding, under
the date of April 9.
"The young man whose name ap
pears in that article was my son. He
died on the 8th day of March, 1903, at
my home in Modoc County, Cal., which
had been his home from his birth.
"His death was caused by an affec
tion of the lungs, which every physi
cian called to attend him pronounced
to be consumption. He was about 26
years of age at the time of his death
and had always been a dutiful son and
a law-abiding citizen.
Refers to Lucin Cat-Off, as a
Boon to the Shippers of
the Coast.
Deceased Did Not Participate
in the Lynching in
Modpc County.
Says His Chief's Highest
Aim Is to Benefit:
California.
P. L. McDaniel Defends
the Memory of His
Dead Boy.
STUBBS SPEAKS
FOR HARRIMAN
SAYS HIS SON
WAS INNOCENT
THE SAX FRAXOISCO CALL, SUNDAY; •NOVEMBER 29, 1903.
Used throughout Turkey and dally
repeated in the Cairo "Azhar" Univer
sity by ten thousand Mohammedan stu
dents from all lands Is the following
prayer, Its translation being from the
Arabic:
"I seek refuge with Allah from Satan
(the Bejeem), the accursed. In the
name of Allah the Compassionate, the
Merciful! O Lord of' all creatures! O
Allah! Destroy the infidels and the
polytheists, thine enemies, the enemies
of the religion! O Allah, make their
children orphans and defile their
abodes! Cause their feet to slip; give
them and their families, their, house
holds, and their women, their children
and their relations-by-marriage, their
brothers and their friend v* their pos-
A Mohammedan's Dally Prayer.
BANQUET IN ; HONOR OF
RETIRING SUPERINTENDENT
Employes of Independent Light and
Power Company Show Apprecia
,' tion of Retiring Associate.
The employes of the Independent Elec
tric Light and Power Company's - plant
gave a banquet on Friday night to
Thomas ¦ Mirk, the retiring superinten
dent of the plant. The spread was at
tended by a large crowd and the evening
was pleasantly passed. Mr. Mirk was
presented with a handsome cut ' glass
punch bowl and a fine pipe as a token of
remembrance by his fellow associates.
Speeches were made ; by' many; of the
employesof the plant, thanking the re
tiring: superintendent for the many fa
vors he had bestowed on his fellow
workmen. He replied In a short speech
and was loudly cheered by. those present.
The committee in charge consisted of
William Symon, Thomas, Kennedy, and J.
J. Cam. ¦¦-•'. •-."-. • • • '
sessions and their race, their wealth
and their lands, as booty to the Jloa
,lems! O Lord of all creatures!"
All who do not accept are
Included among the Infidels referred to
In the prayer.— New York Commercial.
Do your turn well and nobody will care
how long you took.
28
"THE NEW CATACOMB."
ONE OF THE MOST
WEIRD STOBIES
EVER WRITTEN.
BY A. CONAN DOYLE.
NEXT SUNDAY CALL
HOSTETTER'S
STOMACH BITTERS,
Depends largely on the condition
of the stomach. If this import-
ant organ is allowed to become
weak, Constipation develops.
Then follow Nausea, Sick Head-
ache, : Nervousness, Insomnia and
General Weakness. To preserve
health there is nothing so good as
Hostetter's Stomach Bitters. It
will aid digestion, promote ' regu-
larity and° cure Dyspepsia and
Constipation. , A trial will con-
vince you of Jts : value. For sale
by; Druggists".
WOMAN'S HEALTH
ADVEBTISEMENTa
For a* Disease Germ That Liquozone Can't KU1.
On every bottle o { Liguozone we —the highest price ever paid for similar Goitre— Gout v.riccceie
publish an offer of $1000 for a germ rights on any scientific discovery. Be- Gonorrhca — Gleet Women'. Dlsewes
that it cannot kill. We do that to con- fore making the purchase we tested the ni^Jnflomt^H^ that ., b^ 1 n with fever—
SSJ? that liqmd O W docs kill product for years through physicians in
8 a the most d iffi cult germ diseases. We Pure or poisoned blood.
Any drug that kills germs is a poison proved that Liquozor.e docs what noth*- In nervous debility LIquozono acts as
to you and it cannot be taken internally, ing else in the world can accomplish, !L vlt a llz e>". accomplishing what no drugs
Liquozone alone can kill germs in the and that the- results are unvarying.
bodywithoutlallingthetissues.too.lt A discovery that could command 5Oc RnHin ITroa
IS the only way known— the only way such a price is something you should DOIU6 rree.
or.e can conceive of—to destroy thc know if you need it. We are doing our If you need Limiornm. ami h av <.
g ? se of any g C rm disease. part by supplying the first bottle free never 'tried it please^end us' S3* cou!
W-fl unu a W >H you do your part by requesting ,t? pon . We will then mail you an order
lUiiS Wltn Oxygen. on your local druggist for a full-size
r» opm njcflaeae bottle, and we will pay your druggist
Liquorone is simply liquid oxygen— .*nsrm l^lbeabes. ourselves for it. This is our free gift.
no drugs, no alcohol in it. It is the dis- made to convmce 3' ou « to s^ow you
ccvery of Pauii, thc great German - • wha . t Ll( l uozonc is - an d what it can do.
chemist, who spent 20 years on it His TbeJC are t» e . known germ diseases. In justice to yourself, please accept it
object was to get such an excess of'oxv A11 that mcdicine can do for these to-day, for it places you under no obli-
gen in staple from into the blood that troubIcs 1S to help Nature overcome gation whatever,
no germ could live in any membram- thc and such results are indirect Liquozone costs 50c and $1.
or tifsne. 1 u»«wjc and uncertain. , Liquozone kills the .
Oxygen is life to an animal-the vcrv gC , rnls ' w !* cre >; er , thev are - and the re- CUT OUT THIS COUPON:
fource of vitality It ic the «.:..„?• 1 sults are mcvitable. By destroying the for this offer may not appear again.
par. li air &%££ «hSS &S££!ik$M KS^^^^^
purifying. It is Nature s greatest tonic aisease. and lorever, ; st # Chicago.
But germs are vegetables, and this Cxi Asthma ¦ . Hey Fever-Influenza Mv disease l8 . . ¦
CC s< jf oxvecn the verv life nf 1n ,„; Abnce«is— Anemia Ktuney Disea»«« • AI > disease is
«if Jc t« ; • 1 ui " Sf on f h i tl f La Grippe i I have never tried Liquozone, but if
ma)— is deadly to vegetable matter. 5^..^" „ }f ucor^*K, you will supply me a 60c bottle free
Liquozone charges the blood with such ?C t™S m 1 :,",? 0^ " ... i take ft
an excess of oxygen that no germ can t&RtolSS*' ManV^iVt" Titles
live where that blood goes. We «nend n «u»ptlon , J'lles — Pneumonia ; "
14 days in making each bottle ' PC SKSSf 55SS52r lMjr "4
Catarrh— Cancer Skin Disea«es „, m „ , ,
VJo DniA C1AA r\t\t\ Dysentery— Diarrhea Scrofula— Sv,.h!!i, : . Give full address— write .plainly. '
We tralU n«n(lruir— Drop«y Stomach Trouble* "' ' ' ¦¦
Pyvpepsla 'Throat Troubie» : . Any physician or hospital not yet us-
For Ihe American rights to Liquozone . rS^Oau'ewnS Tumo^-u'ceri •. c^"ozone will be gladly supplied-for
HBBnBSHSSHHBBHHBHHaSHBaHBSHSHSflnBIiaBBBBSHHaHa
? ' -¦?':¦:.¦ r ; g
(-More Bargains in Suits (
I A Manufacturer's Stock. 1
I Jl Great Opportunity. g
g TgL We have just received by freight the last of the r
b 2reat P urchase of Tailor-made Suits, made by our g
¦ \T^U& New York buyer. The first lot which was received j
¦ TlSI fv by express is about gone, and those who failed to a
B JH kL. make selection from it will now have the privilege a
B ij&^X^ of selecting from the new lot. , jj
§ -^7^ \\ This is a rare opportunity for you to get a suit, r
B Yv-""'^ The saving averages about J
I i\\\ One-third off. 1
B /ly I \. 2
§ r'JxL.\. \V We employ only expert fitters, and every gar- ¦
a ment we sell is guaranteed to fit perfectly. °
m 4)13.1/1/ kjVil bpi.iJ. g
H Black Cheviot Dress Suit, in blouse style; has long coat ef- B
bji feet with capes over shoulders and trimmed with fancy <f 7 7C ¦
C3 braid — skirt 7-gore fl«re. Special price *pi.**J g
I $20.00 Suit $12.50. I
S Tailor-made Suit in Louis IV style, with blouse front: has cape §
« over shoulders and trimmed with fancy silk braid; skirt full 7-gore B
B flare. The materials are fancy Tweed Mixtures, Cheviot, Velvet gj
E9 and Corduroy, in shades of black and navy blue. Spe- Q1O Kfl B
B cial price &16.OU |
1 $25.00 Svit $16.50. S
§ Black Cheviot Dress Suit, blouse style with new idea shoulder B
HI capes; long coat effect and trimmed with fancy silk <?//? C/l ¦
B braid. Skirt full 7-gore flare. Special price 01U.U1S B
1 $35.00 SilK Lined Suit for $23.00. 1
s Tailor-made Cheviot Suit, including a silk drop skirt. Blouse B
S style, long coat effect, trimmed with bands of Pcau de c*-y o /I /I S
1 Soic and full flare skirt. Special price J>£O. UU ¦
g $4.00 Flannel Waist $2.75. S
H Made of fine quality P'rench- flannel, tucked front and back, n
¦ Trimmed with large pearl buttons. Colors Black, Car- Qj 7c B
g dinal, Blue, Old Rose and Reseda. Special price •!>¦*• ' ** Jjj
S $5.50 SilK Waist $3.75. S
B B
B Peau de Soie Silk Waists, tucked back and front; full pouch a
II sleeves. Colors Black, Cream, Light Blfce, Pink, Reseda <*^ ye? B
B and Cardinal. Special price v>t?» * if gg
1 $6.50 WalKmg Skirt $4.75. |
Sj Fancy mixed Tweed Walking Skirt, trimmed with bands of same B
l| material and tailor stitched seams, with twelve rows of q* i 7^ .
_ stitching at bottom of skirt. Special price V>tt. i *J gj
g ss£ Novelty Dress Fabrics 98c Yd. I f
3 We have selected this week for special selling four of the a
m newest and most desirable dress fabrics — Fancy London Tweeds, B
H Silk Knob Zibelines, Novelty Basket Cloths and Short Sheared B
B Zibelines — in all the latest coloring effects, such as golden brown. *¦*
B raspberry, sea green, autumn red, forest green and mixtures of Ej
R black and. white. They arc all-wool yarn dyed material, and the g
= widths range" from 46 inches to 56 inches. Not one yard in the lot a
22 is worth less than $1.50, and some sold as high as $1.75. For this B
H week we have placed one price on any piece that you se- OS^- *
H lect ...I,;..... -yOC g
B All dress goods sponged and shrunk free of charge. !£
B F Jj
g Japanese SilKs 25c, 45c and 50c. §
EH Japanese Silks are very popular nowadays. They are especially q
B adapted for fancy work. Our stock is complete, including every n
H width and color. Prices range from 25c to 50c a yard. B
1 $1.00 Crepe de Chines 75c. g
§5 We will offer this week a 23-inch all-silk Crepe de Chine, in B
B light blue, pink, cream and cardinal — the kind that sells reg- f r^ B
B ularly for $1.00 a yard— for i OC M
1 Silk Featherbone StocK Collar 8c. 3
*3 50 dozen of those fine Silk Featherbone Stock Collars that are g
S such a great fad this season; come in straight and pointed fronts, a
!j black or white. They make pretty gifts when trimmed. Spe- o fl
gg clal price ..: t Oy B
I 50c and 25c Lace Medallions \2 l A each. B
C An importer's sample of Lace Medallions. There is not /a S
3 large quantity of any one pattern, but you will find enough to trim a n
B waist, dress or a stock collar. They come in black, ecru and white. ¦
S Regularly priced from 25c to 50Q each. Special price 1 7/- n
g i^at h
I 50c Pillow Bibbon 25c Yard. I
a Beautiful Pillow Ribbons. Just wh'at is needed for your Christ- 5
• B mas gifts. They are shaded from light to dark, and some have gj
j| black line between each shade; have draw strings for convc- ?£,* R
S nience. Width 4^ inches. Special price JZOC q
I 50c/ Tinted Brown Linen Centers 25c. |
B We have received another shipment of Tinted Brown Linen §
B Center Pieces, in a large assortment of patterns. They come in de- 5
B signs of Cherries, Holly, Roses and Grapes. We have a piece of gj
S each worked for your inspection. Regular 50c value. Special *}£-, fl
JJ price £OC a
% 75c Ladies' Belts 59c Each. 1
J We have just received a very handsome line of Ladies' Belts; the B
gj very latest style of crushed leather belt in undressed and dressed kid j*J
g effects, lined to keep their shape, in shades of red and black; also S
B9 the newest effects in Taffeta and Peau de Soie, in the new girdle z:
2 shape with oxidized or gun metal buckles. The entire line all rQ a
¦ new goods. Regular price 75c. Special price OUC g
I $2.75 Lace Curtains $1.45 Pah*. |
B ' We place on sale our entire line of curtains that were $2.75 a B
B pair. New effects, plain centers, dainty borders, both in qi 4" B
j| ecru and white. Special price : • . %pi» 4O B
a We stamp all materials purchased here free of charge. q
Bji If you are in doubt what to give as a gift, purchase one of our B
g Merchandise and Glove. Orders. They are always acceptable. B
15 Remember we are headquarters for everything in the line of |j
B embroidery materials, such as Jewels, Beads, Embroidery Silks, a
B Wools, Battenberg Patterns and materials to work same with. Don't B
* fail to see our hand-crocheted Bedroom Slippers for $1.00. Ribbon ¦
|j trimmed. They are beauties. \#iC 3
B Mail Orders filled same day as received. q
BgniBBBBBBaBaBBBBBBaBBBBBBBaBBBBBBBBBBBBBaaBBB
my/ /w/xrtdttuw^
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.Most fishes seek their food by sight,
says Professor Edmund Clark Sanford of
Clark University, in the International
Quarterly, and these do not usually no
tice It by. any other sense. But those
that are accustomed to find it by smell
seldom pay any attention to It when they
merely see it.
The editor of one of the leading mag
azines of America is well within the
truth when he asserts that methods
which are winked at in business, say
in the buIIIIng up and holding of a
great corporate monopoly, or some ap
proach to monopoly, would cause a stu
dent in college to be kicked off a foot-r.
ball field in disgrace. No amateur sport
would tolerate some ways of commer
cial and industrial rivalry in its latest
forms and manifestations. .
In that respect there is a lamentable
lowering of the prevailing standards of
life when young men leave college and
plunge into the whirlpool of business.
They find all about them tactics which
would be regarded as dishonorable, at
least in the sense of being unfair to
rivals, if attempted in college sports.
Honor loses force and fineness with the
change from school to practical affairs,
after graduation, j
That fact accentuates one of the best
features, perhaps the most valuable, of
the school and college sports which
trouble many adults who think that
they occupy too much time and atten
tion among students; It is doubtful
whether any training Is worth more
than that which teaches boys not to
cheat or play unfairly. The forces
operating ln the other direction are so
many and so potent, in the business
world, that it is impossible to have too
strong a bias," of the right kind, during
the impressionable years of school life.
—Cleveland Leader:
Trained Not to Cheat.
• BOSTON. Nov. 28. — Papers have been filed
at the State House for the Incorporation of tho
New England Cotton -Yam Company, under
Massachusetts laws, with a capital at C5,
000.0C0.
Some months ago a rumor went round
—It was started by a correspondent of
the Lancet— that a- chicken , had .been
hatched from ah egg which had been
Fresh Eggs a Year Old.
THROWN FROM CART.— George Kvatt, a
horseman, fell from a cart yesterday afternoon
near the Park and fractured 'his elbow. - He
was treated at the Park Hospital.
Gladstone, like other statesmen and
warriors, has passed into the language
"as a : common man" and found fame
in common speech. "Put ydur trust in
your Gladstone" and "Put your trous
ers in your Gladstone" would have -been
equally intelligible phrases for. many
years of the statesman's life." And
while Gladstone gave , his name to a
bag, Wellington and Blucher provided
us with boots, and Garibaldi with bis
cuits. Brougham .lives ln our streets,
though Stanhope, as a statesman and
a carriage, Is seldom mentioned, but
both are controlled by the* Peeler. And
the man who has beaten them "all in
supremacy .in common speech is one
Mr. ", Hansom, neither statesman ' nor
warrior. It is strange that neither Dis
raeli nor Beaconsfield :has ; given 1 . 'his
name to an article of food or clothing,'
a . soaD or a vehicle. ' By so narrow a
squeak 'a mortal misses' the immortality
that an inspired bagman confers.—Lon
don Chronicle. , *
Tho Uses of Statesmen.
The usual large audience that assem
bles at Steinway Hall on Sunday even
ings 13 sure to be augmented to even*
greater proportions to-night, when Dr
Alexander J. Mclvor-Tyndall will speak
on "The Secret of Thought. Reading," to
be illustrated by special tests or experi
ments in the phenomena of the mind. Al
though experimental science has reiuct
antly conceded that thought is a material
tangible substance or force the methods
by which the phenomena of thought
transference and more particularly direct
thought reading may be accomplished Is
still a subject for speculation and doubt.
Dr. Mclvor-Tyndall has undoubtedly ex
plored far. beyond the range of the ordi
nary investigator along occult lines, be
sides which he Is himself possessed of ex
traordinary psychic development and
demonstrates powers and faculties as yet
uncommon to the average of mankind.
The famous authority on occult subjects
has been interesting large audiences in
his discoveries and theories and has suc
ceeded ln teaching many the practical use
of psychic science. The lecture to-night
will be followed by a specially entertain
ing programme of phenomena. Including
the feat of reading the subconscious mind
of another without any visible connecting
link between the reader and the sender
of the message. This shows the work
ing of the theory of wireless telegrams.
Dr. TyndalTs Lecture.
Testing the Thing.
Archibald Henry Harris, a yourfg
man who for a year or more had been
sending stories to magazines, only to
have them returned to him with kind
BORDEAUX, Nov. 28.— The striking
dock laborers made a demonstration in
front of the Town Hall to-night. The
police drew their swords and charged
upon the rioters, wounding a number of
them. Several of the officers also were
wounded.
Police and Strikers in Collision.
Benjamin Marsh, "the beggar stud
ent," who has taken the contract to
0prive all the beggars in the city over
to Camden, was sitting In Washington
Square yesterday with two gentlemen
of leisure, whom the Charity Organiza
tion Society set down a*. tramps.
"How's biz?" said Marsh to one of
the tramps.
"Nothin* doinV
"What's i'er graft?"
"Soup houses, back doors, any ole
thing."
"Hear anything about this order to
the bulls?"
"Nope."
"Goin' to drive us all out 'er town?"
"Ye don't say!"
"Orders from City Hall."
"Too many of us, I reckon."
Tramp No. 2 had said nothing up to
this time. Now he chimed in with:
"Yer right there, there is too many
of us, and the police — or bulls, as you
call 'em— know it. Another thing they
know is that one hobo who "knows his
biz can beat any ten policemen who
get after him. So they let us alone."
"Yes," said the other tramp, "that's
so, and if they should happen to get
us they've got to give us three square
meals a day and a place to sleep— and
that's all we're after anyhow, or even
expect to get. So we're bound to win
either way," and the. two "walked off,
leaving Marsh in a brown study.—
Brooklyn Eagie.
The Jolly Beggars.
preserved by silicate of soda for a
year. Another correspondent has just
been experimenting, and has found
that though the eggs would not pro
duce chickens they could not be dis
tinguished" from new laid eggs. The
produce dealer has long ago discovered
the virtue and the value of the egg
preservative,* and has laid his plans
accordingly; while hens in Russia,
Siberia. Morocco and ' Egypt lay the
eggs. The breakfast egg which is eaten
as new laid In Cape Colony, for In
stance, has probably come with a mil
lion others from Russia by way of
London, and Is about nine months old.
Still, it is "as good as new," and per
haps it will be comforting to learn that
it won'f hatch chickens. — London Dally
Chronicle.
Herbert Baker of 1046 Folsom street
was taken to the Harbor Hospital last
night suffering from a fracture of the
base of the skull. The injured man
slipped and fell while entering a rear
room in the Defender saloon, 38 East
street, and struck on his head. The
physicians hold out no hope of recov
ery. Baker is the husband of Mrs.
Benefrieda Baker, who was shot and
killed by Michael Nihil in a saloon at
the corner of Russ and Howard streets
on April 21 of this year. Nihil was
convicted of murder in Judge Cook's
department of the Superior Court a
few days ago and sentenced to life Im
prisonment.
Daniel Murray, residing at 12 Federal
street, -was struck by an east-bound car
of the Harrison street line at the corner
of Steuart street last evening and sus
tained a fracture of six ribs, concussion
of the brain and possible internal In
juries. He was conveyed to the Harbor
Hospital and his condition Is regarded
as serious. .
J. Curran, a fireman connected with
No. 4 engine, fell off a Ho^ward street
car at Third street last night and was
treated at the Harbor Hospital for a
fractured collarbone.
Herbert Baker and Dan Murray Sus
tain Injuries That May Prove
Fatal.
SURGEONS AT HARBOR
HOSPITAL KEPT BUSY
When the Fire Commissioners met
yesterday afternoon President Barrett
offered the following resolutions out of
respect to the memory of the late Sam
uel Ralney, which were adopted:
¦V\*hcrea#. Almighty God. in his infinite wis
dom, havirn rc»n fit to remove from our
midst Mr. Ssmuel Ralnry. a worthy citizen
of this community and former member of the
Board of Fire Commltsioners of the City and
County of Sen Francisco; and
Whereas. For many years he had devoted
hl« best efforts toward the betterment and de
velopment of the San Francisco F*irc Depart
ment, the present bieh efficiency of which is,
in a large degrree. due to this fostering care
Mud hie ceaseless vigilance in all matters af
fecting the best Interests of the department and
its members: his many Improvements and suk
greatlons In the matter of department tool* and
apparatus and best methods of handling and
using the «ame, have resulted In great benefit
to the Fire Department; he vu always ready
as a citizen to give his time and mechanical
knowledge In furthering the Interests of the
department which, hy his death, has lost, in
deed a worthy and valued friend; therefore,
be it
FU>*olved. That the Board of Fire Commis
sioners do hereby express their deep regret
at the. death of Mr. Samuel Rainey, and do of
fer to his bereaved family their mon sincere
sympathy and condolence In this time of cor
row at the loss of a kind husband and pro
tector; be it further
Resolved, That the Board of Fire Commis
sioners do this day adjourn out of respect to
the memory of the late Samuel Rainey; and
be it further
Reeolved That the«# resolution* b« spread
upon the minutes of the Board of Fire Com
'misElonera and a copy of the same sent_tp the
bereaved family. JOHN' J. BARRETT,
President Board of Flr« Commissioners.
J. W. MCCARTHY. Secretary. ; -..«. ;;
After the adoption of the resolutions
the board adjourned.
Fire Commissioners Meet and After
Adopting Resolutions Honoring
Deceased Adjourn.
BOARD SHOWS RESPECT FOR
THE LATE SAMVEL RAINEY
The Labor Council has expressed Itself
as opposed to the nlckel-in-the-slot at
tachments on telephone boxes and a com
mittee has been appointed to argue the
matter before the Board of Suprvisors.
A committee .composed of five promi
nent members of. the Labor Council has
been selected to collect facts and statis
tics regarding the advance in prices for
the common necessities of life. The La
bor Council has been studying the situa
tion for some time, and when the com
mittee makes its report a published
statement will be issued explaining the
situation.
The Carmen's Union is not altogether
satisfied with the decision of the recant
board of arbitration and the men will
soon hold a meeting and will probably
ask for another board to fix their wage
schedule.
The threatened strike of the plasterers
has been averted, as their employers de
cided yesterday to raise the wages of the
men from Jo 50 to $6 per day. The plas
terers demanded {6 50 per day, but de
cided to meet their employers half way.
It was agreed, however, that first-class
workmen should receive $5 50 per day and
it is probable that the men wlll.be di
vided into two classes.
Employers Agree to Give Men $6 Per
Day and Threatened Strike Is
Averted.
PLASTERERS TO RECEIVE
AN INCREASE IN WAGES
BERLIN. ICov. 2S. — The North German Ga
x»tte »ay« th» Oenr.an Ccionial estimate* for
1HO4 «ho»- th»» the n?venu* and «xpend!tur*
balance at ft».«C0.T3O an Increase over 1!)C3 of
While the reason for calling in of Dr.
Spiess has not been made public Ger
many believes that he has been asked
to advise, if not to take in charge, a
second operation, which from the indi
cations will be of a much more exten
sive scope than the first one.
The announcement was made to-day
that the Kaiser had, on account of his
health, withdrawn his offer of a cop
for a trans-Atlantic yacht race in 1904,
nominally postponing the event for one
year, is regarded as an indication that
his physicians have warned him of the
seriousness of his affection, and that
he docs not expect soon, if ever, to be
come a weH man again.
The medical faculty naturally de
clines to discuss the case publicly, and
while it is rolnted out that Dr. Otto
Schmidt, who recently operated upon
the Kaiser's larnyx, has returned to
Frankfort additional confirmation of
the worst fears is found in the calling
of a fourth surgeon in the Kaiser's
case. This is Dr. Gustav Spiess . of
Frankfort on the Main, who Is a friend
and collaborator of Dr. Schmidt and
almost as well known as he as a daring
operative surgeon.
BERLIN, Nov. 28.— Notwithstanding
official bulletins that the Kaiser is re
covering his strength and despite the
fact that he has been allowed to take
exercise in open air, it is learned from
a high authority that his condition is
critical. His throat troubles are not
over. The healing of what was at first
pronounced to be a benign growth has
been far from satisfactory. It is said
that a fresh formation has begun to
manifest itself and that the trouble is
extending from its original seat in the
larynx.
Sr^ial Dispatch to Tha Call.
Emperor Realizes His Danger Rnd
Does Not Expect to Ever
Recover His
Health.
% And so it was a disappointed little
woman that was obliged to return to
her own automobile and watch her re
fuser speed around at the rate of a mile
a minute from inside tho railing.
Barney had just completed a ten
mile handicap between, himself and
Charles Graham of New York on the
local track and was resting for a five
mile dash against all previous records,
when Mrs. Fisher made her way
through the crowd, asking Manager A.
C Denraan of the San Bcrnardlino
Traction Company to introduce her to
the champion.
Having gained an audience with the
dust-begrimed .record-breaker as he
sat in his famous machine, the little
woman made her plea. But it was ln
vain. With all her pleading Oldfield
could not see his way clear to take her
round the course. Even when she of
fered to give the hard-hearted racer a
$5 bill her request met with refusal.
"It is against the rules," explained
Oldfield. "Besides, I would be taking
your life in my hands, which I can
not do."
SAN BERNARDINO. Nov. 23.— Mrs.
Henry Fisher, wife of Millionaire
Fisher of Redlands and a member of
the Four Hundred of that city, created
a sensation at Association Park this
afternoon by attemtplng to bribe
Bsrnoy Oldfield. the "dare-devil chauf
feur,'" to take her with him on his race
against time in his famous racing ma
chine, "Baby Bullet."
Special Dispatch to Th« Call
t>omf Mexicans, guided by an old
Mtxican chart, have been prospecting
i he locality for some time, and last
Sunday struck what proved to be the
bonanza, bringing in a bottle of gold
nuggets as the result of a few hours'
work in cleaning bedrock and blowing
the dirt away with their breath.
Thanksgiving day the District Court
Judge and court officers took the holi
dav in looking over the find. One day
more on their return ended court pro
ceedings, and they are off again, as
also are most of the Jurors and all the
available population.
H1LLSBORO. N. M.. Nov. 25.— The
greatest excitement within the knowl
edge of this part of New Mexico is ex
isting in the new gold fields in Apache
Canyon, in the CeboIIa Mountains, east
of Hillsboro. News first came in less
Than a week agn, and now 500 persons
;-rv ha the ground and more are coming
:n every day.
No'ed Chauffeur Hears Hard-
Heartedly Guinea's
Fresh Formation Manifests
Itself and I pr:ads Be
yond Larynx.
— ? —
Second Operation for
Throat Malady Is
Probable.
Great Excitement Frsvails in
That City Over the Dis
covery.
Hundreds Are Hurrying
to Gold Fields in
New Mexico.
— ?
Millionaire's Wife En
deavors to Race With
Barney Oldflsld.
CONDITION
OF KAISER
IS SERIOUS
NEW EL DORADO
IS HILLSBORO
WOMAN PLEADS
FOR RECORD RIDE
THE FAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 29, 1903.
notes from the publishers explaining
that his efforts, while full of merit,
were unfortunately not available 'for
their use, was ln despair.
One day. in a sardonic mood, he sent
the same story to two different maga
zines.
It was not a particularly good one,
and he knew In his own mind that it
fell far short of the standard he had
set for himself.
Both editors returned the story. —
Chicago Tribune.
29
HAVE YOU SEEN THE
NEW OAT?
YOU'LL ROAR WITH
LAUGHTER
AT THE
MEOWS OF A KITTY.
NEXT SUNDAY CALL
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Insures Love and a Happy Horn* for AU.
How any man may quickly cure himself after
years of suffering from sexual weakness, lost
vitality, night losses, varicocele, etc., and en-
large Kmall weak organs to full size and vigor.
Simply send your name and address to Dr.
Knapp Medical Co., 1519 Hull Building, De-
troit, Mich., and they will gladly send, free
receipt with full directions so that any man
may easily cure himself at home. This "Is
certainly a most generous offer, and the fol-
lowing extracts taken from their dally mall
show what men think of their generosity:
- "Dear Sirs— Please accept my sincere thanks
for yours of recent date. . I have given ; your
treatment a thorough test and the benefit hits
been extraordinary. It has completely braced
me up. I am just as vigorous as when & boy
and you cannot reallxe how happy I am." •.
"Dear Sirs— rTour method worked beautifully.
Results were '• exactly what I needed. Strength
and vigor have completely returned and en-
largement Is entirely satisfactory."
"Dear Sirs— Yours received and : I had no
trouble in making use of the receipt aa directed,
and can truthfully say. it Is a boon to weak
men. I am greatly Improved In size, strength
and vlror." ...:. . . -¦ „•• . .
• All - correspondence j Is strictly confidential,
mailed In plain; sealed envelope. The receipt
Is free for the asking, " and they want every
man to I.ave it. .
CURES WEAK MEN FREE.
Ketrlr everybody knowi that charcoal la th«
eafert and mott efficient dlstafeetant and purl-
fitr ln nature, but few reallte It. value when
taken Into the human .yatem for th« tame
ct>**ittlRC purpose.
Charcoal It a remedr thtt the more you tak»
of It th« better: It 1« not a dru* at all. but
eltr.ply abtcrb" the »a«e« and imorrtUe. al-
ways prertnt In the »tomach and Intestines
•nd carrlee them out of the aystero.
Charcoal sweetens the breath after smokin*.
firlnklnic or after eating onions and other odor-
ju« %*ic*ubles.
Chareeal effectually clears and Improves the
coirpiexU-c. tt whitens the teeth and further
acts as a natural and eminently saft cathartic
It i.b*orb» the Injurious trasea which collect
!n the stomach and bowels; It disinfect* the
mouth and throat from the poison of catarrh.
All drucsltte sell charcoal ln one form or an-
other, but probably the best charcoal and the
most for the money Is In Stuart's Absorbent
Losenirrs; they are composed of the finest pow-
dered Willow charcoal and other harmless an-
tlseptlci ln t*b'et form or rather In the form
of lar*e. pleasant tasting loxenges. the charcoal
belns mtxed with honey.
Th« rfailv uie of the«e loztnres will soon
tell in a much Improved condition of the gen-
eral health, better complexion, sweeter breath
anil purer blood, and the beauty of It Is that
no pctriblc uarm can result from their con-
tinued u»r. tut. em the contrary, treat benefit.
A Buffalo physician In speaking of the bene-
fits of charcoal says: "I advise Stuart' e Ab-
¦nbent Lcz«rsts to all patients suffering from
gas In stomach and bowels and to clear the
complexton and ourify the breath, mouth and
throat: I also believe the liver is greatly bene-
fitted by the dally use of them: they cost but
twenty-five ceat« a bez at drug stores, and al-
though ln some sense a patent preparation, yet
I believe 1 eret more and better charcoal In
Stuart's Absorbent Lozenges • than ia any of
the ordinary charcoal table u.
Few People Know How Useful It Is
In Preserving Health and Beauty.
THE VALUE OF CHARCOAL
ADVERTISEMENTS.
JOE ROSENBERG'S,
JOE ROSENBERG'S.
JOE ROSENBERG'S.
JOE ROSENBERG'S.
CUT PRICE SALE
RICHLY TRIMMED FINE
..Black Broadcloth Skirts..
Purchased in New York by Mr. SiminofI
Ys off
$12.00 SKIRTS. $7.5O
"$14.00 SKIRTS. '. $8.5O
$15.00 SKIRTS. $10.00
$5.00 WALKING SKIRTS $3.5O
New Military Suits .'. New Military Coats
SEE OUR. WINDOWS
Wholesale Manufacturers
r 1142-1146 MARKET ST.
#JfT ffrUftKT WE ARE NEVER UNDEI^fOLgicafl^ ]C^M
T-'bUffii. I rwmWifM^Tl l^\es> B e\\s. Nemo (the genuine kind). Wl^X%fHT£?- :
'\ rw^I/a \3*LJ s ' m *iC&\ Vi Made of pleated silk, straight-front Self-reducing, figure building cor- 4^vff&W*llU I LV'
•^S_ yMj?* \"^ rjEj fVY* V clasp buckles: also buckle In the sets, dip hip springs, low or medium >j all ''' •? I* IN.
fvvTCv'M \ WnC^ieJ rv back; made of gun metal. Price.. bust. Ions over abdomen: boned hJfjlH *i\ l^"
i^TVTl I ' \& VVv7^b»v ' 25c throughout with aluminoid unbreak- ¥Z£*j\ I A fv
SfVil \m OdJfS?} '• Al! °v er Net or Webbing. f"?. f. 1 ?? 1 . 3 ;. . :^. .^?. .^T' c . e . . c si?3o Wm W j£
*UJ 1/W - - «"rai "£ W. B.-America's Leading Cor- JMfig^ T
nMtfS^Lca. iA.«P *Jc3z5Y. .Arabian and ecru, also T/hite or ppf f V -^"s^N ., /
""¦"W f^i!^^r~^gZT^y> black: At the Price Cutter's... 05c ocu , CT ..> X \T ff: W/ T"
fl IA • Erect form, with three side steels; %Jzz0==< X \ \ I
\i 1\^ ysSSs^" I oriioc' Uonrll^orrhiofc l° w or medium bust; princess hip. f~ -c^--r--^V "**A | ' I -
, I / J-r^jfJzSs^ UdUIL& ndIIUM;iOIIICIJ>. ulso lone over abdomen: circular cut Lj=2@A "\ / /
il I I * !^8? <s *\^" "V Made of Ensrllsh lawn, hemstitched: and hand gored; also lace trimmed f \ j ./ r~"
— it I f-j^^^^ ¦ • > also handmade initials. . .Apiece Tic tops. Not to bo equaled in 'Frisco X f! I
TVji ~^^~ I. ' Made of strong lawn with colored LaCG mCUcllllOnS. • I "" *^-J
QS"*^^' \. Picture borders, such as Bo-Peep For waist or dress trimming made S '^«ISl
***¦— 3T - — ¦_.. .li . uillLj..-^ wasons, animals and Lizzie In the O f Point Gene lace in star and X "^^D
~~ —^ Garden of Aberdeen. Price. 3 for square patterns, in white or Ara- f ¦
B 5c. or Dozen 19c bian; 5 for 5c x N^- 1 "" —
Ladies' Combination Suit. Ladies' Handkerchiefs. Real Handmade Battenberg „ . e Tpimmof i p rpp
Made of steam-shrunk Australian Made of soft bleached Shamrock TiHiec riaiS I NmmeQ rice
wool, high neck, long sleeves and linen, neat and narrow hemstitched; • IUIC3. When you buy your drape veils here,
ankle- length. The pcrfect-flttlnjf "unlaundered. just as they came from Nine inches square, linen center and Made of silk chiffon, high luster. 45
kind. Regular $1.75 quality Mon- the nunneries, otherwise we could not lace trimmed Piece 2oC inches long, hemstitched and em-
day and Tuesday price 81.115 sel1 tnem at thls price. .Apiece lOc broidered borders; chenille and vel-
i or ij oc > Wflcte Gents' Handkerchiefs Bureau Scarfs or Runners. brown. ot bfac'k anS wJift".'*^ bia^k
of gteam-Khrunk yarn. Wool finish; of =K- fnr handmade Inl U a J'; and star designs; 20 Inches wide and vertlser s price 2oC
in gray or white; winter weight. A dox or six lor , oc 51 inches long. More than your '¦" .
Children's Robes. money ' s worth for 82 -- 5 Ladies '^ann^J^S;, and
; 48c a garment • Jga »*„">• ffi^ujiitj of rf & pji ¦ Normandy and Point de Paris ?rfm'med f ZtiTSn D ™&* JFllnZSt.
Child's Vests. SrW^iS^tE L^e..
High neck and long sleeves, swlss around the waist: colors, red and From two to five inches wide. In *«t>*-
ribbed. Made of Egyptian yam; blue. Price SS.5O tull P. rose and bow knot designs; n
fleece lined. PANTALETTES to » >carl ed se: the good washing kind. CUShlOn COVCrS.
EnSh Priced band - tt » d a " kl ? LadieS JaCketS. Mondays and Tuesdays price.. . 5 C O dds and ends; made of art denim and
K "¦"- •>»- a garment all-wool ripple-cloth eider- I oriipc'. AlltnmnhilP Ran sa ,*. ee , n ! ln . flowe^ ? nd n * u " s - An ,
D^ .. m , nnrv%n down; rolling collar, satin bound: LaOieS AUIOmODlie dag. odd lot at an odd low price.......
Beading LOOmS. crocheted with a shell pattern all Made of seal grain leather, extra • uc apiece
Tho Anache Chief kind- iu«t n, o i««™ around the edge, also sleeves; In, strong steel clasps with turquoise
fo h r C mtk\ C ng^ E««}k. blue, red and gray. At the L settings; leather handle card case . QUShiOn RlbfaOnS.
fobs. So simple a child can use It. Prlce Cutter s 75c purse and smelling salts bottle in- AU cor<Jed; < JnchM wlde;
Fnce • -5c • j;__» ti/^:-x_ " «»j..w ln ghaded gre?n . yellow, lavender.
LadieS WaiStS. nnwlln nr Tirl%/ cardinal, etc. Price. .. .^3c a yard
LadieS' NiCint GOWn. Made of imported fast, black sateen. Ul MUy. .
vo^rfcMn^noio^fl, i. ill tailor-made, large tucked front. 6 inches square or round, made of a A I-Sl K Tatfeta n DDOn.
Made of stiiped Daisy llannel; rolling French back, full bishop sleeves. handmade Tenerlffe lace. When you „.?"*". ?• «. ~ ?•
collar, with deep seal oped embrojd- -trimmed down the front with large see them you will hardly be able to Width No. 40: in satin dotted effects;
cred edge Full width and all buttons, also detachable collar with realize that they can be sold for in pink and blue; washable. Price..
lengths. In pink and blue stripes. tahs PrJo*> *i mi •»•;#. lOc *¦ yard
At the Price Cutter's 5Oc, 81.OO -oc "*-
Rov^ Ninht Gown Ladies' Wrappers. Ladies' Belts. Dolls.
Via t ? i« a m w* ni Made of xx striped flannelette. Made of extra strong French silk Undressed, kid bodies, Jointed: cork
Made of striped flannelette; rolling epaulets over the shoulder; front. clastic, an inch and a half wide; fl»« d '. * lso l° n S curl y nalr - Pr^t' •
collar, also side pocket. All sizes l>ack and collar braid trimmed: deep pretty designs of buckles. * also -«>C
and lengtns O 0c flounce; new Swabeline sleeve; lib- slides in back to match; full value _
i j' » f\~ --.* - r» era l in length and width. More than for your money. At the Price Cut- DOllS.
LadieS COrSet COVer. an. even, exchange for 08c ter's 5Oc Fine bisque head, lonrctirly hair; 11
Made of cambric, and frdnt trimmed — — ¦— —^ — .^— — — «^i— — — Inches long. Dressed complete, ln-
with four rows of torchon lace in- —^ »»^ — i_^_ m—^^—m—^— eluding dress, hat, stockings and
sertion, running up and down. Price B £3| «p> R% ffh jf^j F ft H ff^ F* ¥% tf^l Tl IF" slippers. Price 15c
N H H H D H H H wik H Pv» S 01 JB H B B H 111 la* j% i'ii t il
Rnsl TurUch Pnihinr Pnwor B I 1 a" S\ 1 I K 8 BlI s% S™ r€ i?9 nmnc AilTTrn Children S nOSC
Keai lurKisn uusnion oover iJBJL illJaJLil OLil O PRICE-CUTTrR Made of sea i.und cotton: fast
flnri Rark **' 9m ¦¦ * ¦¦ ¦ ¦ mw WmW A vm ¦ llIVi - V^w ¦ ¦ ¦_¦« Wack. jersey ribbed and medium
ana DaCK. weight. All sizes IOC a pair
With Tassels to match; full 24 inches Sllfi Mnrkf>f Qfr»i»f II fl'Fafroll Qfroof
square; in the bright, fancy colors. OID MarKet Oireet. II U rarrCII Oireet. Philrlron'c HnCP
Prl " - 4c MAIL OBDE3S SOLICITED. C ™1.TL new op , nwork
TfiP I I77IP MPrrV Pllff ¦ lace effect. Made of sllk-flnlshed
I lie l-I^IC IVICIiy rui\. : thread. Double heels and toes. AU
The latest neck dress, made of all- DrP^ Shields ' Ladies' Kitfihpn Anmn«? sizes at the Price Cutter's
silk chiffon: in embroidered and che- ul cdd O»" cl "«»v UclUICi rvl IOIICII H\Jl UH&. 20c a pair
nille dotted. At the Price Cutter's Nainsook, covered and odorless; Made of striped gingham ln fast
Apiece a5c made of a patent vegetable sub- colors; in gray and white stripes; I oHioc' Unco
stance which is washable. Large strings and hem. Our price UaUlco nuoc.
rjnlk • size •••' Pair 8c Apiece 12Hc Made of soft English thread. fa«t
Uullo. , . * ¦. ~:™ black with white soles: full lenrth
With beautiful Dresden head; dressed Thfi PHnceSS GlfJVP. • Ladies' TiflhtS and elastic; Just the thing for sore
in pink satin, with hat to match. « IIC ri IllOCaa UIUVC. - l-dUICJ» I lyillJ*. and tender feet. Our price
Long curly hair; also black stock- Made of French kid, overseam Made of steam shrunk yarn, ankle Pair lOc
ings and shoes. Complete. . . . .i55e stitching and three rows of embroM- length and tight fitting tops; Jersey
ery on the back: patent two clasps; knit fast black and winter weight: I oHioc' Unco
I ar»P Pnllar anrf RpvPrPC 5n red - tan » mode, gray, also black soft as velvet; the kind that will L-aUlGO nuoc.
l-dl/C UUlldl cJIIU ncvciCd. or white. Real worth $1; at the not irritate the most tender skin. Richelieu ribbed, light fancy tops
Made of Point Gene lace, in flower Price Cutter's .G0c Our price 85c with black bottoms; a perfect fitting
and leaf designs. Just the collar to • stocking at a low price. .Pair 12 We
cStt^.?.^"^^^^ Ladies' Waists. . .. , u
a ' In the French empire shape, straight Made of English Iron Frame Alpaca. LaflieS nOSC
HfllP Rihhnn^ front steels and finished with a yoke effect, tucked and stitched front Made of French lisle, ln the new
nan iiiuuuiio. large satin bow; in pink, blue, gray and back; in navy or white. At the openwork lace effects; double heels
Width No. 7; all-silk corded taffeta; or white. Our price. . . . . .- 30c Price Cutter's 82.00 and toes: velvet finish and very elas-
ln pink, blue, lavender and white.. . tic. Real worth 25c; our price.. 10c
acayard S ofa Pillow. Beautifiers. . . , . IlfnmohlIe B ™
Dplfc i Covered with fancy figured sllkollne. Made of all silk chiffon, the French 1-dUlCb HUIUIIIUUIIC Ddys.
ucllo# . also deep ruffle to match, and filled quality; embroidered and chenille Made of Levant kid, with gun metal
Made five strands of shoestring, in with floss; IS inches square. The dotted; in blue, brown, black and clasps, also chain; lined with near
black and also black and white.... largest money's worth you ever saw . white. Real worth 50 cents; a lim- silk; ln green, blue and red. At tha
; Eacji 5c for 25c ited quantity \ 25c Price Cutter's 50c
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I WILL GIVE $1000
geflrtfagsy If 1 fail to cure any
RIP^ CAWCER
1|| or Fumor I treat
B«a. tTtn GC Si bclere It poisons
S"S 4£P^ Sa <!erp fiend*
J ipo Knife! Ho Pain!
J&qL P Ko Pay Until Cured
"*^?^» .J In SO rears I har# enred mere
* fc /7c»n«ars than anr other doctor
_^*V' / living. Why *xp«fimpnt witfi the
kvj.,^^0 I »w-la4Iln» X RtTor horn* treat-
¦ts^iSr-^ SlK~ men until pas>cui».
E\TW»ffirtfegHANY LUMP IN A
WOMAN'S BREAST IS GANGER
They always poison 'he plaads la the armpit
tndahouider: then cure l*oft«n Impossible. Any
tumor. lump or sore oa tha LIP. FACE or any-
wbcre sir months is nearly always cancer.
They never pain until tlmost past cure-
120 PAGE BOOK SENT FREE.
vitbsyisptr>338 and testiras&Uli; of thousands !
cu"-^d whom you can sec aed tsxic with.
Or. S. R. CHAMLEV <fc CO.
•Strictly Reliable. "' Two Lady Assistant*, j
25 Third St., San Francisco, Cal. j
SE"D TO SOMEONE WITH CAHCER I
Y " \\
BEKRS
9 Famous the • World 9
I Over— FulljrJrfaturedJ I
U «Xofd Etergtehert* J
K HILlJEHT iiKKCANTlLc; CO.. E
J\ i'a.it.: Ccatt Agents. S*
j ~^^^' ~^^^ ' »^^^ "^T^ "^?W j^^v^^^^^jy*^^^ i r**^^S w 0
4 visit DR. JORDAN'S great i
4MUSEUES OF ANATOMY^
A Q} ::nx£mTE:.tit.fct*?.*.s.r.cii4
\ *^T Tbc i-aryesi AAfttemicil *?u«emn ia the \
M World. Weaksestet or Any contracted I \
Cw m d •*«•** P*»* t 'lye«i*4 hy the eldeit T
I n&£9 1 CR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN i
i$fk\rf%n ConMi'.unen itt* ted itrictW prime. \
I jSVB Trormcfil p*rsor»; j ot bjr letter. A I )
f fr ¦ f**i*— C"»"« l« rrrry catc undertaken. \
r ¦! \m « Me ft» s»k. pwi.««opb v«r i
• 1 i ™ luaucc, mailed rau. uf
A if I *f>tuable book for nn) \
r X>n. JOBD15 A CO.. 10S1 Murk* t St.. S. F. V
f EXPERT OPTICIANS. /£^N
MIKE OCULIST'S Y.\t
' Prescription W*\
EYE GLASSES f4
At Moderate Cost. W
j^Xxsje^Sr^ij MEN AND WOMEN*
«<vfcl3CvrTEr)ft<gffij Cm El* O for cncataral
/3Sw I, iul <«?>/u dUcliargM.iBSammaUerji,
£S*9 Gaaractrtd |3 Irritation! or clceratioai
t«5»5 set u atrlctan. of rotcotl membraoei.
t^^t ri'wto r— ur<»»- PataiaM, and not aitrla*
P?»y: at EuKsCnotim-Ca. r»t or powoaosa.
\<S&k CllC:illlATI,Crja •«!« *>7 DrniTl»U.
VKS^ t Uk. *X$a <"¦ • tLt '• ***'¦ *r»*p«r.
¦JgggjV br exprMi. prepaid, (or
v^&^SSycgsy^a • i oo. or % t»uk • «.t».
•^j-ggtV^ B C»reclav «ct ob t«jtwrt.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mallei
„ on Application.
7BESH A2TO SAXT KEATS.
IIC RtiVPC X- m Sfclppin* Butchers. 104
JA2. DUiC3 CC tU. CUy. Tci. Miln 12»4.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILB; LEONARD * ELLIS.
418 Trent «t.. S. T. Fbone M*ln 171*.
vmsmsQ.
L. C. BUuHESt til Santomc «t-. 6. F.
Weekly Call, $1 per YearBy a miracle of good • fortune t San Francisco has escaped
in the last few days several baydisasters horrifying in their
possibilities. Almost as great as this good fortune is the
splendid record of bravery, coolness and decision which has
attended the conduct of the men who have had so many lives
in. their .keeping. 1 Instances of incapacity or cowardice on
the; part, of sea captains make San Franciscans gasp in in"
crediuitx.'
The American Federation, of Labor and the Knights
Templar will hold their next annual (^conventions in San
Francisco. And we are conscious of our ability to entertain
them as they wish to be, each in its way. It is a tribute to
our breadth of view and to our versatility in hospitality that
organizations so diverse in objects should choose our city as
the scene of their national reunion.
"-. "I took the money. Next day Captain
Blank resigned his commission and
went to Europe, where he traveled for
about a year. -With what was left after
his .vacation he went into business. He
A special agent of the United States
Treasury Department, who has been
located here for a number of years,
was In a reminiscent mood the other
day and for about an hour bubbled over
with stories of San Francisco in early
days when the now veteran Govern
ment agent bore a commission in the
army and was. stationed In this depart
ment. One of his yarns tells of the
foundation of what Is now one of the
largest manufacturing concerns in the
country.
"I used to live at the old Cosmopol
itan Hotel, corner of Bush and San
some streets." said he. "I was pre
paring to turn In one night when there
came a loud knock •on tne door of my
apartments and in response to my in
vitation Captain Blank of our regiment
stepped Into the room. He was flushed
and in a state of feverish excitement.
" 'Will you take care of some money
for me until morning?' he gasped.
. ""How much have you got and what
the dickens alls you? Been holding up
the stage?' I replied.
: " 'Busted Jack Gamble's faro bank.
Went down there after: dinner .with' S20.
Cleaned up $31,500 and have it down
stairs in a hack. Two or my men are
watching the hack, but I'm afraid to
take It to the Presidio to-night. • Too
many of the wrong sort saw me; win
it/'-M&&i BsShhbhh
The One Talent.
THE San Jose Herald perceives the trade significance
. of the fortunate geographical position of the Santa
Clara Valley. It is near the greatest market on the
Pacific Coast for its varied products. San Francisco and its
populous suburbs and the towns and cities of the valley and
of the adjacent territory on the peninsula insure a continually
augmenting . home demand. The promise far outstrips the
present magnitude of the business to be transacted. Of the
one million acres of land in the Santa Clara Valley, says the
Herald, there are many thousands of acres that are particu
larly suitable for stock, dairy and cattle ranches. With the
vast growth in population that has come because of the fruit
industry the products of these ranches are always in demand
at profitable prices. With the extension of the fruit acreage,
the. -increase of the population and the consequent lessening
of the stock ranch area the products of the latter will steadily
become more profitable. The time of cheap mutton, beef
and pork has gone by. Milk, butter and cheese are staple
products and these are certain to command good returns.
Concerning the fitness of the county for the industry the
Herald says: "The winters in this valley are open and mild
and there. is generally an abundance of green feed every
where by the first or middle of December and in certain sec
tions of the county the natural moisture is such that green
pasturage exists all the year around. ? *" * Here is a
diversity of valley, foothills and mountains, with an abun
dance of pure creek, spring and artesian water and ample
shade for the summer months. Numerous streams flow into
the valley from the mountain ranges east and west and every
little mountain vajley and nearly every canyon has its own
small stream or perennial spring." ;
The Herald finishes its alluring picture by. referring to the
profitable dairies north of San Jose, by hints of fine herds of
Jerseys, Holsteins ' and Durhams, and by the assertion that
"for the raising of beef cattle with a few hundred acres in the
mountains one may begin in a modest way and in a few years
find himself along the highway to independence and possibly
wealth." i '
THE VALLEY'S GROWING MARKET.
If it were possible to transfer explosive figures of speech
into something more tangible than wind energy Senator
Morgan and his mouth might blow the isthmus of Panama
into the sea and solve the problem involved ih the digging of
the canal. The Senator's oratorical effort in the upper house
forever eclipses the historic value of the day of the big wind.
"During one of Senator Stanford's
trips East or abroad," said the old rail
road ' man, "the management decided
that a cut of 10 to 15 per cent in the
wage, schedule affecting subordinate
clerks, agents and the like would be
about the right thing. An official circu
lar announcing the reduction, to be ef
fective on a certain January 1, was Is
sued, and all interested employes re
ceived the notice.
"Of course, there was a great hue
and cry throughout the system. Every
body was talking and, perhaps, doing a
bit of hard swearing. But the days
rolled on and the time was approaching.
"Shortly before the date fixed for the
new order to go Into effect, President
Stanford returned home. Among the
first matters called to the executive's
attention was the wage-cut order.
"Stanford looked it over and turned to
Curtis, then assistant to the general
manager, and said, qulzzingly:
" 'So you think these clerks' pay
ought to be reduced, 'do you?'
" *i"es; there's the proposed sched
ule.'
" "Well, If there's to be any cut,* re
plied Stanford^ let us start at the top
and include Towne, Goodman, Fill
more and the rest of the general of
fice management.'
"Curtis looked at Stanford, slowly
gathered up his papers and retired.
"That was the last ever heard of the
proposed reduction."
While the late Leland Stanford was
president of the old Central Pacific
Railroad Company, he was the idol of
thousands of employes of the system*
Senator Stanford's popularity was in
large measure due to his policy of main,
taining a high wage and salary sched
ule. . His consistent adherence to thi3
doctrine was the cause of no little fric
tion at times, but in his discussions
with other directors of the railroad
President Stanford would invariably
maintain his position.
A former chief clerk In the railroad
employ under the old regime tells the
following story as illustrating Stan
ford's attitude.
Stanford's Methods.
DURING the present special session of Congress
something has happened that vitally interests San
Francisco. We have two members of the House.
They sit and watch things, but the House has been ungrate
ful. One of them got the floor once, but it got away from
him in a few minutes. He saw how things were going. He
felt the fabric of the constitution tumbling into brickbats
around him and he noted the indifference of his fellow mem
bers. He saw the Democratic leader, Mr. Williams, sit un
conscious of what was happening and blithely indifferent to
the distress of the goddess of liberty. Even Champ Clark
swapped jokes with Republicans and ruminated his cud in
fancied security just as if the wreck of matter and the crush
of worlds were not going on right under his nose.
Then our member felt a great purpose quicken within him.
Fate and fortune had made him the Arnold Winkelried of
the crisis. He would rush upon the embattled ranks of the
enemy and receive their spears in the ibreast of his Prince
Albert. To emphasize his heroic mission he would make it
personal to himself alone, and he rose therefore to a ques
tion of personal privilege. Now this kind of rising is only
permitted when the member has been misquoted in that
lively organ, the Congressional Record, or has been misrep
resented in an outside newspaper or has had his name mis
placed on a ro'll call or has been personally attacked on the
floor during his absence. As his eagle eye swept the floor
and the galleries he was called on to state his question of
personal privilege and proceeded to say that he had discov
ered that in the Panama matter the President of the United
States had invaded and destroyed "the prerogative of Con
gress." Before he could proceed further a member moved
to adjourn and the floor slid from under him like a banana
peel.
Woe to an ungrateful House that will. not let our mem
ber rescue it from destruction 1 Woe to seasoned Speaker
Cannon for not letting a member hold the floor to save the
House as a personal privilege 1 Woe to John Sharp Williams
of Mississippi, member of seven Congresses, and to his
Democratic colleagues, Grub Humphreys and Adam Byrd
and Shedric Hill, for letting the floor slipl The House has
fallen upon evil days and nights when even the minority does
not want to be saved. What a legislative Sodom and par
liamentary Gomorrah it is when only one righteous man is
there and he can't hold the floor.
By and by Congress will need to use its prerogative, and
when it feels around for it it will be gone, and then our
member will reap the credit of seeing it go and trying to
grab it and put it back in its place.
POOR OLD CONGRESS.
An ordinance establishing a fine of $500 or imprisonment
for six months for bribing a police officer has been adopted
by the Board of Supervisors. Does this mean that bribery
has become so common as to be cheap, or do the Super
visors wish to impress the idea that the bribery of policemen
is an offense of some seriousness? Can any one suggest a
method of removing the temptation?
"Speaking of human Interest stories,"
said a reporter the other day to a group
of newspaper men, "four years ago I
was shorthand reporter in the District
Attorney's office of Alameda County
and had a desk in the same room with
the genial Harry Melvin, at present the
well known Superior Judge of Alameda
County. Late one afternoon a wealthy
female client, whose acts of generosity
were about as frequent as hens* teeth,
called and said that a family occupying
a Frultvale house of hers was behind
in the rent and she wished them eject
ed. She said the head of the family
was an upholsterer and although
claiming to be 111 was in fact too lazy
to work and for us not to be Imposed
upon by him, as he was shamming.
Judge Melvin made out the usual legal
notice, giving the tenant three days to
leave or suffer ejectment, and asked
me if I would serve the paper. I con
sented, and upon reaching the house
in question I was ushered Into the
main room of the dwelling by a poorly
dressed Spanish woman. It took but
a glance to see that poverty and Illness
were In full control. None of the signs
were missing. An old German, the
master of the house, lay upbn a ragged
lounge In a corner of the otherwise bare
room and the look on his face was that
of resigned despair that follows Ill
ness, but with the acknowledgement
that Illness had won in the game. He
turned an inquiring look in my direc
tion and feebly asked my business. ' I
Btammered something about the paper
I had to serve, but quickly added that
I was sure there was some mistake
and that the - conditions were not
known to the house owner, although I
knew that I. was lying and that they
were well known, or she would not
have given such explicit directions. In
answer the invalid simply said: "Tell
her I shall go as she orde^i within the
next three days." I hurried back to
the office and informed Melvin that the
man was almost beyond the reach even
of charity. He was shocked and said
that in the morning something must
be done at once to relieve the unfor
tunate. But before anything could be
done in the morning word was received
th'at the man was dead. He had gone
before his three days were up. The
next day the landlady called at the
office and inquired: "Well, did you
give him my notice to quit?" I said I
did. She said: "And has he done so?"
I said "Yes." "Ah," she said, "that's
good. "Where did he go to?" I an
swered: "I don't know, madam, but
you and he will never meet In this
life or the next."
r A Promise Kept.
value and the trees are so immense that it is impossible to
fell them without breaking and splitting them, so that but
little is left to be sawed even if the commercial value of the
lumber were greater.
It is estimated that petitions for their purchase bearing a
haif'million signatures will go to Congress and the President
as a result of the splendid and intelligent activity of the
league, and it will be difficult to resist an appeal that comes
from so many citizens and from so many parts of the coun
try. The true California spirit is getting a useful advertise
ment in the matter and it will be the pleasure of the press to
aid the league in promoting its great purpose.
In writing In Harper's Magazine for
December of the masked robbers who
Invade the Sahara and are known as
Tawareks, W. T. Harding King tells
of some curious love customs among
these strange people:
"The young Tawarek gallant, mount
ed on his swiftest camel, armed with
sword, dagger and lance," says Mr.
King, "roams the Sahara like a knight
errant of old, protecting and guiding
the caravans under the charge of his
tribe, redressing and avenging the
wrongs done to his slaves and ¦¦ serfs,
or. In order to bring glory to his lady
love, whose gage d'amour he wears,
and to find the necessary dowry to set
tle upon her, engaging In adventurous
forays upon his neighbors' herds and
the caravans under the protection of
the neighboringr tribes.
"From time to time, when. an oppor
tunity occurs, he sends a letter to his
adored, giving. In a somewhat vain
glorious tone, an account of himself
and his exploits. • The letters are writ
ten In the old 'characters of the Ber
ber alphabet, which at the present day
Is In use among the Tawareks alone.
They are sometimes Illustrated with
rough but spirited drawings -of the in
cidents referred to! Occasionally they
are written In cipher, of which the
writer and the recipient alone possess
the key, and not infrequently they take
the form of a short poem addressed by
the absent Tawarek to his inamorata."
Pirates of the SaJtara.
SOME interesting results have followed the effort of the
Outdoor League to induce the Federal Government to :
purchase the Calavcras big trees. The league has
asked the co-operation of college presidents and Governors
of States all over , the Union. The favorable replies show
that this effort, local to California, has been the means of re
newing national interest in the subject of forestry.- When
the Governors of Vermont and of South Carolina concur in
offering their active support of the project there is offered
evidence that the big trees have become a, national issue
and the means of inducing a general movement in behalf of
all trees and of all forests.
It is proposed that the Government expend- five millions
in acquiring continuous forests in the Appalachian Moun
tains to reserve them as a protection of the watershed and a
scenic feature. A movement is also started to preserve the
forests in the White Mountains in New' Hampshire, which
have recently been invaded by sawmills and are rapidly fol
lowing the long disappeared forests on the lower slopes of
the 6ame mountains. We can well afford to make dbmmon
cause with all these movements. ' A country stripped of its
forests rapidly declines in its fertility and offers less and less
shelter and advantages for the homes of its people. 1
The Appalachian forests have been persistently passing to
the axman since the, famine in pine and hard timber fell upon
the country by the' destruction of the white pine of Michigan,
Wisconsin and' Minnesota, and the oak, maple, ash, hickory
and other hard woods of Indiana, New York and Ohio.
There is a great dearth of cooper stock and wagon timber
because the harvest has been destructive. Had the hard
wood forests :Jbeen properly cut under the direction of expert
foresters the supply .would have been preserved. There is
yet a chance to save much that would be carelessly sacrificed
and ; our Outdoor League is to.be congratulated upon having
sounded a note that is just in harmony, with- such a general
and widespread sentiment.
There is "noTdoubV that* the Calaverav trees will : be saved;
The , private owner will not be T in a hurry to convert thenr
into poor lumber. They are 'worth i more to ' him standing
than sawed, for that species of sequoia has not much timber
SAVING THE BIG TREES.
The Americanization of Hawaii is progressing rapidly to
inevitable success. The grand jury of Honolulu busied it
self recently in an investigation of alleged election frauds.
The inquiry ended with the verdict, made in opposition to
the opinions of the natives of the jury, that absolutely no
evidence of fraud could be found. Can anything more ap
propriately American be suggested?
But the aggregated power which can
be furnished by all of America's great
waterfalls Is insignificant compared to
the possibilities which lie In the con
trolled energy which can be stored up
by the winds and waves. Motors actu.
ated by the waves of the ocean and the
great lakes are in Bight. The limitless
power of the waves and tides trans
formed Into electrical energy, which
can be transmitted by copper or alumi
num wires far Inland, is not the dream
of a visionary. Hydraulic engineers de
clare that the day is near which will
find wires radiating from points all
along the coast line of the United
States, each wire pulsating with Its
burden of wave-started electricity. Ti
dal mills and pumps operated by wave
moved floats have been in service in a
email way for some years, • but they
have not proved- to be satisfactory.
Some months ago plans for a tide
water power development on a large
Audacious engineers are scheming to
put an electric belt on the father of
waters. The plans contemplate a dam
across the Mississippi River at Keokuk,
Iowa, for a hydraulic plant capable of
developing 50.000 electrical horse-power.
The falls of the Ohio at Louisville, Ky.,
will be grinding out electricity if pres
ent plans are realized. Niagara Falls
for some years has been driving Im
mense turbines. Seattle and Tacoma
draw their electricity from waterfalls,
miles distant, and the mountain cas
cades In California furnish power
which is carried a hundred and more
miles to the place of consumption. ;
Chicago is called the "Windy City,"
not alone because of the supposed lung
power of its optimistic citizens, but be
cause its average wind velocity — and
there is always wind blowing over Chi
cago — is sixteen miles an hour. Last
year Franklin H. Head, one of the
city's leading citizens, in a lecture de
livered before the students of the Uni
versity of Chicago, made the sugges
tion that the city could be electrically
lighted by building a cordon of wind
mills around it, each mill pumping elec
tricity into a storage battery. The elec
tricians viewed the proposition with
some doubt — they said a practical stor
age, battery which could be charged by
a windmill driven dynamo was not on •
the market. But now it is proposed to
couple the windmills with air compres
sors, to store up energy for operating
the machinery of the Innumerable
Email shops and factories, and the air
compressor men declare the proposition
is practical. An experimental plant is
to be installed and if It proves success
ful every sky scraper in the Windy City
soon may be crowned with a tiara of
whirligigs jamming compressed air into
reservoirs, storing up mechanical en
ergy night and day.
The electric arc Is taking the place
of coke and charcoal for reducing iron
from its ores in blast furnaces. The j
electric furnaces are yet in the expert- j
mental stage, but they are doing the j
work, and no one. In these years, when
every day has its industrial revolution
and scientific revelation, dares act the
skeptic or play the scoffer. "Wherever ;
water fa!Is there is power, and to-day •
the hydraulic, electrical and mechanical !
engineers and the metallurgist arc j
working together to make electricity
do the work of coal and coke in the
manufacture cf iron, copper and other
useful metals. Waterfalls in the wil
derness have been harnessed to great
dynamos which are sending the elec
trical current to cities 100 and 150 miles
away. They are utilizing the electrical
current in furnaces to fuse the clays
•which imprison aluminum and to bring
together in the fierce heat of the elec
trical arc the elements in lime and
powdered coal • which combine to make
the calcium carbide which gives forth
acetelyne gas when touched by water.
The electric current welds iron and
fuses sand for making glass, and this
current works the same whether it
comes but a few feet from a dynamo
driven by a stationary engine or Is
brought scores of miles through forests
and over mountains from a waterfall.
Improvements in steam engines and
boilers, all tending to get more power
out of a ton of coal, follow each otfcei
so rapidly that before one Is fairly on
the market another is urging its claims.
In short, the world's progress is In the
direction which warrants the belief
that in a few generations the question,
"How much longer will the world's coal
supply last?" will be of live interest
only to geologists — the power user will
not be much concerned.
Th<» discussion as to how long the
world's coal supply will last serves to
direct attention to the fact that every
-year the industrial world is get tin's
away from the use of coal in many
lines. It is not too venturesome to sug
gest that the present generation may
see the 3cng-distance transmission of
electrical energy, generated from dy
namos driven by water power, devel
oped to s'ich a degree that coal will not
be used for power producing purposes
except in the immediate proximity of
the mines. Makers cf windmilis and
other forms of motors driven by air
currents say that before many years
the land will be thickly studded with
windmill towers, each wheel lifting wa
ter, operating a dynamo or driving an
air compressor, transforming the wind
into useful forms of energy.
Crafts.")
(Copyright. 19C3. by Joseph B. Bowles.)
BT MALCOLM McDOWELL.
(Author of "'Ehor Talk en the Wonders ot the
Facts About Coal.
Our universities cannot put too much stress upon the im
portance of agriculture as a scientific calling. When it is
known that science can breed corn and wheat and all field
crops to secure greater excellence and therefore better re
turns the necessity for the best training appears. We have
recently spoken of the great lack and the crying need of
trained vegetable physiologists and pathologists. When
they appear every tiller of the soil will acquire a better
knowledge of the constitution and the diseases of plant life.
It is the duty of every university to teach its students that
ownership and scientific care of the soil and its crops is one
of the most useful and most necessary of human occupa
tions.
The old legend, derived from the Assyrians and by them'
from some older race far the other side of the beginning of
history, planted the human race in a garden, not in a bank,
nor a lawyer's office, nor a doctor's apartments. It was the
expression of a sense of the ultimate foundation of things.
When high school and college men with trained minds, self
centered and able to think their way through a proposition
to a logical conclusion, seek the soil for a livelihood we will
hear less about the loss of farm profits during the transfer
of the product from the producer to the consumer. If every
orchard and vineyard planter in California had the benefit of
such training, making him wise not only in producing but
in the commercial branch of his business and in the law
which rightly invoked protects him, does any one suppose
that outside investigation would be invoked and outside help
accepted to protect him and the consumer from the trained
rapacity which intervenes between them? ;••;,:
Agriculture has been too long left out of the dys of occu
pations which require special training. As its fruits must
support the life of the world they should not be left to the
rule of thumb and the. law of haphazard. The mission of the
United States to feed and clothe tj^ world is becoming
plainer as older populations increase and the product of the
soil_ declines. We can get along with no better lawyers or
'doctors than other lands have, but we cannot get along
without better trained agriculturists.
IN the past it has been customary to point to the number
of men who have achieved success though lacking in
education. It is to be noted that the success in such
cases has been in the line of money making. But that is not
the only success in life, nor is money making the noblest
achievement in life. There are other things of greater worth
to the world, such as steadiastness to great principles, the
betterment oi man by the study of the resources of nature,
the narrowing of the iield in 'which superstition enchains the
mind, all are worthy objects of endeavor.
'But in mere money making in the future the trained man
is to have an advantage over the untrained. Mere scholar
ship is not all that is needed. The proper study of mankind
is man. The country is receiving an enormous annual incre
ment of illiterate immigration. It is the material upon
which the American mind must work to achieve the suc
cesses of the future. The mind that trains it in things other
than burden bearing, that uses its brawn to develop wealth,
but at the same time has human touch with it beyond its
brawn, to assimilate its ideas with our ideals, is to be the in
fluence.that saves the republic from destruction.
Americans need a training that does not lead so generally
to the professions. The dignity of labor is as great as in
the days of our fathers. Avenues to all occupations must be
held open and kept free. With the training that precedes
special instruction in the professions men are better qualified
for any of the skilled manual occupations. The art of the
blacksmith and carpenter, of the electrician, the stone and
brick mason, is equal to the so-called learned professions.
In another direction the art of tilling the soil, of getting
from it the best fruits of the field and orchard and vine
yard, has risen to rank equal with the professions. When
President McKinley was here and the members of his Cabi
net attended the commencement exercises at Berkeley only
one graduate of the Agricultural School appeared and that
was a lady. Associating agriculture with the plow and prun
ing hook, the students indulged in a rather derisive out
burst to the confusion of the lady agriculturist. But Mr.
Wilson, the wise farmer at the head of the Agricultural De
partment of the Government, turned this feeling into one of
respect when he welcomed the lady and spoke not only of
the dignity but the high scientific standing of modern agri
culture.
Owing to the relation of the great
Iron mines to the great coal mines of
the country, the region of the Great
Lakes is now the most economical place
for the manufacture of Iron. The great
problem of the century is to bring to
gether the Iron ore of the Lake Superior
district and the coal of the Appalachian
region. Since in the smelting of iron
about two tons of ore are required for
one ton of coke, the ports on the Great
Lakes which can be entered by large
vessels from Lake Superior, and which
can be reached by the shortest haul
from the Appalachian coal fields, have
.a permanent advantage which It would
seem cannot be taken away from them
In all the future.
• • • •
The anthracite coal of Eastern Penn
sylvania is but a small remnant of the
original coal fields preserved in a few
synclinal basins, or hollows, produced
during the wrinkling up of the surface
In the formation of the mountains, and
;which have escaped the action of the
extensive denuding agencies which
have transformed the region. These
fields probably formerly extended en
tirely across the Susquehanna Valley
to join the bituminous fields in the
western part of the State. But the por
tion of the strata that were folded up
has been worn away, while that which
was In the bottom part of the folds has
remained. It follows that almost every
where they have to go down to get the
coal. The answer of a' mining expert
to the farmer who lived on the eroded
portion and wished to know how deep
down he should have to bore to find
coal contains a whole lesson in geology.
"My friend," he said, "to find coal on
your farm you must go up into the air
about 2000 feet.' 1 This contortion of the
rocks and dislocation of the strata in
coal regions gives great trouble to min
ers and calls for the highest degree of
geological knowledge on the part of
mining engineers. Frequently the coal
seam will run out against a bare wall
of rock, when it becomes a question
whether one is to go up or down to find
the dislocated end, and in either event
a vast amount of expense is involved.
In North America the coal measures
are distributed about as follows: In
the Appalachian field, 60,000 square
miles; in the central field, 47,000; in the
western, 78,000; in Michigan, 6700; In
Rhode Island, 500; while in Nova Scotia
there are 18,000. On account of the
thickness of the seams and the quality
of the coal, the Appalachian field is
probably the most important in the
world. In Pottsville, Pa., the total
thickness of the workable seams of coal
is more than 100 feet, and this Is an
thracite, which has been so subjected
to heat and pressure that all the bitu
minous and volatile matters have been
removed, so that it becomes the most
valuable fuel in the world. Its smoke
less character gives to our Eastern
cities, where it is principally used, an
advantage which is almost incalculable.
The Pittsburir coal seam is one of the
most remarkable in the world, being
from fifteen to twenty feet In thickness,
and extending over' several * thousand
square miles, and being exposed on the
banks of a navigable river, where It can
be mined with the least difficulty. It is
of such purity, also, that when made
Into coke by burning in kilns to expel
the volatile matter, it is the best coal
in the world for use in the manufacture
of Iron.
While some scientists are wondering
what will happen when coal gives out,
others are working and experimenting
to eliminate waste, decrease friction,
save heat and take up lost motion, to
the end that one ton of coal will do
what two tons of coal couldn't do.
Smoking chimneys are looked upon as
the visible signs of prosperity; as a
matter of fact, they are unfailing in
dications of waste and needless ex
pense. The sequence of improvements
in steam-using machinery, the utiliza
tion of nature's forces for industrial
purposes and the almost daily invention
of new methods and revolutionary ap
pliances all lead to one end — smokeless
factory chimneys and a corresponding
reduction In the world's coal bill.
scale were laid out, and a party of en
gineers is now examining several points
on the Atlantic Coast with the purpose
of Installing a great power plant to fur
nish electricity, which will be used for
industrial purposes. It is proposed to
build an immense reservoir, ; which,
when filled by the tide, will hold back
sufficient water to work a large number
of lurbines until the next tide replen
ishes the reservQlr. This reservoir will
be a double one, each equipped with
gates. One will furnish the "head" —
that Is, the waterfall; the other will
serve a3 the tail race while the tide is
out. When the tide rises the gates of
the lower reservoir will be closed, pre
venting the sea from entering, and
thus maintaining the lower level re
quired for the operation of the water
wheel.
THE NEED OF TRAINED MEN.
Special, information supplied dally to
business hou sea and public men by tho
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •'
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candies, 60c a pound, in artistic fire
etched boxes A nice present for Eastern
friends. 71» Market st., above Call bldg. •
MEXICAN FLAG— Subscriber, City.
The flag of Mexico is. composed of three
vertical bars, greeni white and red;
the first named color at the staff. These
colors are symbolical of the guarantees
of the plan of Iguala; ; white denotes
the purity of the Catholic religion,
green independence and red the union
of the Spanish elements with the Mex
ican. The eagle that appears on some
of the flags Is perched on a nopal grow
ing on a rock rising from the waters
of a lake. In its right claw it holds a
snake and Is In the act of tearing it
to pieces with its beak, which symbol
izes the punishment of treachery.
GOVERNOR GENERAL— The Gov
ernor General of Canada at this time is
Right Hon. "Gilbert John Elliot, Earl
of Minto. He is the appointee of tha
sovereign of England. The following
named have been Governors General of
Canada under the present constitution:
Mcnck, appointed- 1867; Ldsgar, 1868;
Marquis of Lome, 1872; Marquis of
Lansdowne. 187S; -Lord Stanley, 18S3;
Earl of Aberdeen, 1803. and thei pres
ent Governor, 1833. This shows that
the term of office of these have been
respectively one, four, six, five, ten and
five years.
MINER'S INCH— M.. Oakland, CaL
A miner's inch Is the amount of water
that will pass in twenty-four hours
through an opening one inch square
under a six-foot pressure. According
to F. P. McCray, a mining engineer,
the amount of water according to the
miner's inch that will flow In twenty
four hours amounts to 12,925.44 gallons;
BROADWAY— T. R., City. Tn«
width of Broadway, New York City, is
eighty feecf It starts from the Battery,
runs northwest six miles and Joins the
Boulevard at Seventy-eighth street
after crossing five avenues. The width
of Broadway, east of Larkln street, in
San Francisco, is 82.6 feet.
QUOTATION— >Tane. The quotation,
"Oh, for a touch of a vanished hand
and the sound of a voice that is stUL*
is from the writings of Tennyson La
"Break, Break. Break." 1
Answers to Queries*
Lady Curzon, who was Miss Letter of
Chicago, gets a lot of fun. out of her
life In India.' Among other fads, it la
said that she makes a point of collect-
Ing any amusing attempts made by
Hindus to write English that come un
der her notice, and has many ludicrous
specimens in her scrapbook. Recently
she got from Bombay a letter that two
brothers sent out to their patrons on
the death of their father, who had been
the head of the firm. The letter ran:
"Gentlemen: We have the pleasure to
Inform you that our respected father
departed this life on the 10th inst. His
business will be conducted by his be
loved sons, whose names are given be
low. The opium market is quiet, and
mal. 1500 rupees per chest. O death,
where is thy sting? O grave, where la
thy victory? We remain," etc.— LesHa*»
.Weekly.
Hindu Grammar.
For nineteen years he has patiently
followed the affairs of Central America
and observed alL the phases of tha
gigantic enterprise to which Franca
first lent her name and which tha
storms of politics and party warfare
seemed until recently to have compro
mised and ruined beyond reparation.
At 26 he was in Colon, ranking as
director of the interoceanic canal, and
under his leadership the work went
forward at a pace unknown before.
But as the canal advanced the difficul
ties of its construction became daily
more alarming and seemd less and less
surmountable. Then, quitting the easy
position in which he had had more of
distinction than of hard work, he as
sumed the heaviest of tasks and fear
lessly attacked that massive wall of
the Culebra, that gigantic barrier of
granite which nature haa built across
the highway sought by men from ona
coast to the other.
M. Philippe Bunau-Varllla, Minister
Plenipotentiary and Envoy Extraordi
nary from the new republic of Panama
to the Government of the United States,
is a French engineer, who was once a
student at the Ecole Polytechnique. Ha
is 43 years old. a man of middle height*
of modest and almost timid manner,
but possessed of incomparable energy,
which, veiled beneath an exterior all
smiles and simplicity, has been, kept at
the height of its intensity by incessant
activity.
Le Figaro of Paris claims Bunau*
Varllla, tha Minister to "Washington
from the republic of Panama, as a
Frenchman and describes him as fol*
lows: i-\
The Panamino Minister*
was successful from the start and la
to-day one of the most prosperous man
ufacturers In the land. You knowJWa
name. It Is now one of tne oest known
in the country, hut only a few of his
brother officers know that the Blank
fortune was founded on a double eagle
properly applied io. a faro game.**
THE £AN FBA3S CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, KOVEMBER 29, 1903.
THE SAN ERANGISGQ GALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor .-Address All Commtmications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office ....." < J £fgg||l^ > . . . ..... -Third and Market Streets, S. F.
SUNDAY....... :................. .....;..... .NOVEMBER 29, 1903
INSTRUCTIVE STUDENTS
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
30A Pleasant Day.
An enjoyable hour or two, or as many more
as. convenient, can be put In on a trip over
the new electric system to Mill Valley. Ross
Valley or San Rafael via Sausallto ferry (North
Shore Railroad). It Is a cheap but pleasant
ride through beautiful suburban Marln. Fare
only 25c to 5Oc round trip. Boats d?oart at
7:<>O. «:00. 0:00. 10:00. 11 :OO a. m.. 12:20 1:45
3:15, 4:15, 5:15, «:15. 7:00, 8:45,. 10:20 and
11:45 p. m. Return any hour during- the day. •
sido of California street south. 82:6 west of
Fourth avenue, for $.'>250; two lot 25x120 each
on the west side of Girard street. 20 feet
north of Wilde, to William Schulz. for $J00;
lot 2tJ:.".xlOl:O on the south line of Day street
?0:.1 east of Noe, tt> William A. McDowell fo»
ssco. .
DECLARED INSANE— Miss Lizzie Gagan
was committed to the State Inaane Asylum at
Napa yesterday by the Insanity Commission
er*. Her brother Joneph was seriously nhot by
a woman in a Market-street lodging-house last
May and the fact preyed heavily on the unfor
tunate woman's mind.
Hopewell's elastic stockings, made to meas
ure cost no more than 111-flttlngr. shopworn
goods. 40 Ellis st.. rooms 3-4; tel. lied 2712 •
The Railway Mail Department,
through Superintendent Thrall, has an
nounced that beginning on December 1
a mail ckrk will be detailed by the local
postoSce to go out on the Santa Fe Lim
ited, leaving: here at 9 o'clock, for the
purpose of assisting in the assortment
of the mail. In order to afford better fa
cilities for the people living along that
line of railroad.
Better Mail Facilities.
See the crowds at the Golden Gate
Cloak and Suit House. Prices lower
than anywhere. 1230-34 Market st. •
The choirs of the church, the male
and the mixed, will unite "for the first
time In a common choral service. The
music will be under the direction of
Mr. Sabin, organist of the church. An
excellent programme has been ar
ranged and a musical treat is assured.
To-morrow evening the choirs of St.
Luke's Church will give a choral pro
gramme in the church parlors. The
collection taken will go toward the pur
chase of a new organ.
The congregation has long felt that it
should have a new and more up-to-date
instrument than the one now used,
which has been doing duty for the last
fifteen years. The women of the
church have undertaken to raise the
$15,000 necessary for its purchase and
the proceeds of the concert to-morrow
night will be the first to start the new
fund. It is intended to have the sec
ond largest organ west of the Rocky
Mountains.
Combined Choirs of the House of
Worship Will Unite in Con
cert for Fund.
ST. LUKE'S CHURCH IS
TO HAVE A NEW ORGAN
Miss Hennessey went to work for Dr.
Feder on November 9. She was a na
tive of Ireland, about 35 years old.
At 7 o'clock yesterday morning Dr.
Feder detected the odor of escaping gas
and traced it to the cook's room. The
key of the burner was turned three
quarters on. The window in the room
•was raised a few Inches. The cook was
dead.
Marie Hennessey, a cook employed by
Mrs. Dr. Adeline Feder at 2616 Buchan
an street, was suffocated by illuminat
ing gas last Friday night, it is believed
accidentally. Dr. Feder's statement to
Deputy Coroner Fennell was that when
she returned at 1 p. m. on Friday from
a visit Fhe found Marie intoxicated and
put her to bed in her room in the attic.
G-oes to Bed Under the Influence of
Liquor and Is Found
Dead.
DR. FEEER'S CCOK IS
SUFFOCATED BY GAS
Heirs of Richard H. Follis suffered a
virtual defeat yesterday in the United
States Circuit Court, when Judge Mor
row sustained the demurrer interposed
by United States Internal Revenue Col
lector John C. ' Lynch to the suit
brought by the Union Trust Company,
James t H. Follis and others to recover
$11,375 95 paid to. Collector Lynch as a
collateral inheritance tax.
The complaint recited that the taxes
were collected upon the contingent
beneficial interests of Margaret de Vec
chi, James H. Follis, Richard H. Follis
Jr., Lillian Mary Griffin and Clarence
G. Follis, none of which interests had
become vested, prior to July 1,1902, and
none of which interests have since the
decrees of distribution or since the
death of Richard H. Follis -become
vested, and have not- at any time be
come, vested in possession .or , enjoy
ment, and that under the provisions of
an act of Congress of June 27, 1902, the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue is
compelled to refund the tax.
Judge Morrow in sustaining the de-.
murrer remarked that the Interests had
become vested and that Collector Lynch
had properly collected the tax. A stay
of ten days was allowed in which to
amend the complaint. *.
Judge Morrow Decides JThat Internal
Revenue Collector Lynch Was
Justified in Collecting.
FOLLIS HEIRS LOSE
'^ INHERITANCE TAX
Mrs. Clara Foltz, attorney at law, has re
moved to the Mills building. Phone, Front 98. •
HOUSES AND LOTS.
The following sales are reported by
Easton, Eldridge & Co.:
For D. and Bertha Abrams to B. J O*Con
nor of Holllster. lot 56x37:6 and three' Hats on
the east line of Franklin street, S2:« , north
of Broadway *15, 000: for John Kearney to
Cornelius Rodden. 25x75 feet and two Hats on
the ebuth line of Natoraa atrwst. 170 feet east
of Ninth. $4000: for L. Arthur to M.-McDon
a v? d i uJ f fw l and two flat8 on the north line
of Eighteenth street. 60 • feet west of Collinr
wood V600O:^ for L. C. Colftnan to .Mr». H.
Khrlich. 30x100 fe«t- and two dwellings on the
north line of Goldon Gate avenue. . 70 '¦ feet
east of Flllmore »treet, f 8750; for M. Meyer
Benjamin M. Gunn & Co. were the
brokers through whom Isaac Morse
bought the southwest corner of Bat
tery and Green streets, 93:6x137:6, for
535,000. A three-story brick building
will be erected, which has been leased
in advance of construction for fifteen
years.
The improvements on the Cooksey
place, near Stanford University, which
was. sold to a client of Shainwald,
Buckbee & Co., are reported to have
cost more than $40,000. The price at
which the property was sold was $20,
000.
William Wolf has bought the north
west corner of O'Farrell and Gough
streets, 30x137:6 feet, from the estate of
Isaac Selig for $18,000.
The deed went on record yesterday
by which the Mackay property on the
east corner of Market and Fourth
streets was transferred to Leon 1 and
Louis Sloss, Dr. P. de Vecchi, E. R.
Lilienthal, C. F. Kohl, Mark L. Gerstle!
William L. Gerstle, Otto H. Greenwald
and G. H. Umbsen et al.
Sonntag Bros, have sold 50x85 feet
on the east line of Eighth street, 50
feet south of Harrison; to Otto turn
Suden for $5500. They, have also sold
the following described properties:
Lot 30x60 feet on the southeast line of
Austin street, 207:0 east of Gough, to Rosalind
Schneider, for f5O00; lot 14x»O fee? and o "d
building on the south side of Commercial
street. 95 feet east of Kearny, to C M Lane
for ?40OO; lot 30x58 feet and two flats on the
south side of Austin street, 115 feet west of
Franklin, to Joseph Homan, for $4000; lot 25x
100 feet and three flats on the south line of
Oak -treet. 37:0 west of Shrader, to T c
n fn t f °o r n $ lne 500 W e. l t Ot %T oT V^n'cYa
LEASED IN ADVANCE.
Thomas Magee & Sons have sold to
Dr. Samuel A. Boyd the property at 252
Spear street, being on the southwest
side, 275 feet southeast of Howard,
thence southeasterly 22:11 feet front
by a uniform depth southwesterly of
137^4 feet for $15,500. This property is
leased to the Victor Engine and Car
riage Motor Company. The same
brokers have also made sales as fol
lows:
For J. n. Cowden to Albert Caron. his lot
on the north side of Filbert street, 1:17 : 0 feet
west of Fillmore, thence west 27:t> feet front
by 120 feet deep, back to Pixley place, for
*175O; for S. U Magee to Mrs. H. Bredlow.
three lots on the easterly line of Treat ave
nue. 400 feet south of Prtcita place, thence south
75 feet by east 110 feet; to Arthur Bredlow
the lot on the easterly line of Treat avenue
515S feet south of Precita place, thence south
erly 25 feet by east llw feet; to William Renn,
two lots on the easterly line of Treat avenue
55O feet south of Precita place, thence south
50 feet by east 110 feet; to Mary Ann Jamison,
the lot on the westerly line of Treat avenue
450 feet south of Precita place, thence south 25
feet by westerly 103 feet; to J. Roach, the lot
on the westerly line of Treat avenue 525 feet
south of Precita place, thence south 25 feet by
west 105 feet; to Henry Young, two lots .on the
westerly line of Treat avenue 475 feet south of
Precita place, thence south 50 feet by west 105
feet; to John Younz, two lota, on the easterly
line of Treat avenue 600 feet 'south of Treat
avenue,' thence southerly 50 feet by east 110
feet; to Joseph Limacher, two lots on the
westerly line of Treat avenue, 550 feet south
of Precita place, thence south 50 feet by west
105 feet.
Sales are reported by R. D. Crans
ton &. Sons as follows:
Lot 25x100 feet -on the east line of Baker
street, UK) fe«t north of Fell, for the account
of Daniel S. Davis to Jay Deming; lot 25x125
and three new flats on the west line of, liaker
street. 100 feet south of Fulton, for the ac
count of Jay Demlne to Daniel S. Davis; lot
3Oxlu<J:3 on the west line of Ashbury street.
129 feet south of Waller, for the account ot
Harry E. Corbett to Anna L.. K. Sawden; lot
3OxS0 on the east line of Tremont avenue, 120
feet south of Waller street, for the same ac
count to Dr. Frank P^ Ashworth; the frontage
of 275 feet on the east line of Ashbury street,
running from Haizht to Page, being 125 feet
on Halsht and 115 feet on Page, for the ac
count ot Veronica C. Balrd to Charles Patton;
also for Mr. Patton In subdivisions the fol
lowing lots: 50x100 en the east line of Ash
bury street, 25 feet north of Haight, to Sho
lom Sllveretone; 50x125 on the eaet line of Ash
bury street, 75 feet north of Haight. to Thom
as Vodden; 50x125 on the east line of Ajth
bury street, 125 north of Haight, to Dr. Wil
liam G. Martin; 25x90 on the east line of Ash
bury street, 75 feet south ot Page, to John F.
Ward; 25x90 on the east line of Ashbury street,
25 feet south of Page, to Mrs. R. C. Jones; 25x
90 on the southeast corner of Ashbury and
Page streets, and the key lot. 25x137:6, Ad
joining, on the south line of Page street, to
David Lewis.
VARIED OFFERINGS.
O. D. Baldwin & Son have sold to
Gustav Harshall for $41,000 the prop
erty on the south line of Bush street,
103:6 feet east of Grant avenue, 34:ll%x
60 feet, with four-story and basement
brick building. The same property was
bought by Harry F. Woods in October
for $37,500. The improvements rent for
$285 per month.
Through the agency of Speck & .Co.
James Schwartz has sold 41:3x120 feet
on the north line of Golden Gate ave
nue, 151 feet west of Van Ness avenue,
with frame house and four flats, to a
client of Speck & Co. for $22,500. The
monthly rentals amount to $144.
The purchase through the agency of
Burnham, Marsh & Co. by Edward L.
Rolkins of the C. G. Gebhardt property
on Third and Natoma streets, as pre
viously reported in this paper, gives
Rolkins 80 feet frontage on Third street
and a depth of 150 feet. The lot pur
chased by Rolkins from Gebhardt has
a frontage of 30 feet on Third street
and a frontage on Natoma street, for
which he paid $107,000, as reported by
the brokers.
The last week has not many large
sales of realty to its credit. Smaller
properties have moved off well, not
withstanding the holiday and its na
tural interferenee with business trans
actions. The causes that have beep
previously mentioned continue to hold
the owners and the would-be pur
chasers apart. Owners of good sites
plan to improve them handsomely, but
comparatively few new building con
tracts are on record as recently let.
The terms upon which sales are being
made are very well Indicated by those
that are published this morning.
"Now boys, she's all right," he cried.
Just at that moment the wrench
slipped and Rankin fell headlong, five
stories to the basement floor, his body
striking the steel joists, nearly every
bone being broken by the force of the
fall. ¦(
: At the time of the accident A. S. Bal
lantine, superintendent of construction,
was standing by Rankin's side,, and
J. W." Thompson, Rankins' roommate,
was only a few feet away.
The decedent was about 37 years old
and resided at the Earlwood House on
Howard street. He was a member of
the Structural Iron Workers' Union.
Local No. 31, and also of the Knights
of the Maccabees.
The slipping of a wrench on which
he was leaning caused the death yes
terday morning of W. D. Rankin, fore
man of the new Merchants' Exchange
building, in course of construction at
the corner of Leidesdorff and Califor
nia streets. The slipping of the wrench
caused Rankin to. lose his balance and
he fell from the fifth story to the base
ment. He wls killed instantly.
The accident occurred at 8:30 o'clock
in the morning. Workmen were en
gaged in putting a steel girder in place
on the fifth floor at the rear of the
structure and Rankin had hold of a
steel ' post with a wrench held in hl3
right hand, his left arm being around
the post to keep him from falling, as
he was standing on a ateel joist at the
edge of the building. When the men
had swung the girder into the proper
position Rankin took his left arm away
from the post, holding his balance with
the wrench in his right hand.
Oscar Heyman is building cottages
on A street, west of Seventh avenue,
for P. J. Mitchell and Robert McDon
nell; on the west line of Fifth avenue,
150 feet south of California street, for
John F. Sims. The same broker reports
the sale of the following properties:
*Two flats and lot 23x100 feet on the south
~J. J. Stevenson will erect fiats at a
cost of $23,000 on the south line of Post
street, 137:6 feet east of Webster.
The alteration of the Boyd building,
on Pine and Battery- streets, into an
office structure will involve an outlay
of $50,000..
Otto H. Greenewald plans to erect an
•eight-story brick building on the east
line of Powell street, adjoining the Sa
voy Hotel, to contain apartments. The
estimated cost is $75,000.
The Donohoe building, on Market and
Taylor streets, will be extensively al
tered and enlarged by the addition of
stories. There will be four stores on
Taylor street and one or two on Mar
ket street. •
A five-story warehouse of brick will
be erected on the south line of Sutter
street, between .Flllmore and Steiner
streets, for the Stringer 'Storage Com
pany, to cost $60,000. -.--: .- • - -. • ; ..
BUILDING OPERATIONS.
Sol Getz & Son report that the un
willingness of the United Railroads
Company to lower the railroad tracks
on H street, between Forty-fifth and
Forty-eighth avenues, until the whole
width of the street was put on the
grade necessarily delayed the contract
or from proceeding with his work. Now
that a permit has been granted by the
Board of Public Works to the owners
of the blocks the railroad company will
be compelled to lower the tracks to the
official grade and the street work will
be rapidly pushed to completion, there
by assisting the progressive movement
so recently inaugurated by the resi
dents of the Oceanside district. Sol
Getz & Son will also now have- the
chance to finish completing the grading
of their blocks in tha^t locality, . which
is anxiously being awaited by the pur
chasers of lots, who will erect* homes.'
This firm reports an unabated demand
for lots in the Oceai* - Boulevard and
Sunset districts.
to M. O'Hara. 25x100 feet and three flats on
the south lino of Pine street. «2:6 east of AV'eb.
ster. $9750;. for Mrs. Laura Goodman to Rich
ard McCann. 29:6x114 feet and two flats on
the south line of Twenty-fifth street. 175 feet
west of Sanchez. $.1000; for I*. Gorman to Ed
gar Pelxotto, 25x75 feet on the westerly line
of Langton street. 103 feet north of Bryant,
$1375. End for Mrs. E. H. Alger to' Mrs. C.
Prieusr. lot and two-story dwelling on the
aouth line of Geary street, between Stelner and
Scott. $4250. . , ¦ .
Evidence of this was furnished yes
terday by the filing of a suit against
the promoters of the concern to com
pel them to pay into the hands of. a
receiver appointed for the purpose the
money they subscribed when the com
pany was first organized. She says
they still owe the company $1,200,000.
The directors of : the concern are
Charles Lane, Alvinza Hayward, H. G.
Stevenson, J. D. Arnold and A. * J. Ul
mann. General C. P. Egan, who at
tended to the promotion of the interests
of the company in Mexico and who, in
the first suit, is accused by Mrs. Black
of being a party to the alleged scheme
to defraud the bondholders, is not a de
fendant in yesterday's action. He was
not one of the subscribers to the orig
inal capital stock of the company.
Mrs. Kate Black, on© of the pur
chasers of the bonds of f he Mexican
Anthracite Coal Mining Company, who,
a few weeks ago, filed a suit against
the directors of the company to com
pel them to refund to her and the other
oondholders the money they invested
in the concern, is determined to leave
no stone unturned that will in any way
help her to get back the money she in
vested.
Birlding Contracts Are Less
Numerous Than in Pre
vious Months.
Mrs. Kate Black Brings New
Action Against Mexican
i Mining Concern.
Slipping of a Wrench Causes
W. D. Rankin to Lose
His Life. .
Realty Deals Are Fewer
in Number During
the Week.
Investor Says Directors
of Company Failed
to Pay Up. ¦"
Merchants' Exchange
Building Scene of*
Fatality.
WORKMAN FALLS
FIVE STORIES
THERE IS LULL
IN THE MARKET
WANTS PAYMENT
FOR COAL STOCK
THE FAN FRAN CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 29; 1903.
31
Fur Stoles, Fur Scarfs
fFvr Muffs
Latest Styles Me west Designs
* The extent of our assortment, comprising ar-
tistically designed and properly made Fur Gar-
k ments, ranging from popular staple effects up to the
y newest and most exclusive creations of the best
American and French designers, .insures pur ability
to meet the most varied demands of our customers.
Sable Fur Boa (made from whole skin), two
large natural brush tails; very choice. .....$0.00
Brook Mink Stole, 60 inches long; 4 sable fox
tails, cord and tassel fastening. Splendid value.
Sable Fox Double Stole, made from two
whole skins, natural brush tails; satin or fur lined.
FOUR GREAT SPECIALS
Genuine Mink Imperials, trimmed with Sable Fox'Tails and Mink
Heads; stylish and dressy; exceptional values 5 —
$12.50, $15.00, $17.50 and $25.00
TTifNTVS tUf WEAR
jO VCLOAK&FURCQ &
WEA*R"217Grant Jlve.mujNERY
ABVEBITSEMEHTS.
THE WHITE HOUSEl
Will place on sale on Mqjiday, Novem-
ber 30th, in the Gloakand Suit Depart-
ment (second floor) a large collection
of high-cost imported model gar-
ments for carriage, street, coaching
and evening wear.
Prices -$55 $65 $75 $85 $95 $125
Formerly S12> $16J $175 S200 $22> S2>0
COSTUMES and DRESSES
, Of Fine Crepe de Chine, Voile and Etamine,
all silk lined, Silk Drop Skirt, colors White
and Black, several styles to select from.
Regular price 570.00— • A (
Special at $42.50
[costumes ~~ "
In Fancy Voiles, Nuns' Veiling and Eta-
mines; in Brown, Black and Navy; in Blouse
and Eton effects, fancy trimming, all silk
lined and drop skirt. Regular price $75.00.
Special at $45.00 ;
I FANCY DRESSES ~~~~ |
A choice assortment marked at this price in
Canvas, Nuns' Veiling and Etamine; all silk
lined, with drop 'skirt, trimmed with fancy
braids and lace; colors Black, Blue and
White. Several styles to select from.
Regular price $85.00.
Special" at $50.00
LADIES' DRESS SUITS '
Strictly new models, three-quarter length
coat, newj>skirt; coat lined with silk, fancy
trimmings and braids; colors Black, Blue.
Gray and Blue Mixtures.- Regular price
$45.00 and $50.00.
I , Special $27.50 1
LADIES' WALKING SUITS
Of Fine Scotch Mixtures, in Grays and
Blues, Plain Cheviots, Black, Blue and
Brown; coats silk lined, some with capes
and. belts, with instep length skirt. Large
1 assortment to select from.
Special at $27.50
OPENING NEW FUR DEPARTMEiNT I
New and Effective Fur Pieces, Stoles,
Pelenines and French Novelty Scarfs,
In Chinchilla, Ermine, Min;k and the different grades
-of Furs. Three-Quarter and Short Coats of Alaska
Sealskin, London dyed.
Persian Lamb, Squirrel and^ Mole Ladies'
Fur-lined Circulars.
fur coats
For carriage and motor wear.
WOMEN'S RAIN COATS ~~ ~
The most popular garment of the season, in '
mannish mixtures; Tans, Oxford, Black and'
Special $20.00 to $30.00
I WOMEN'S SILK RAIN COATS I
Made and designed expressly for the White .
House; in three lengths — 24, 45 and 58
inches long; colors Black, Reds, Tans,
Champagne. Very stylish.
ART OBJECTS and FANCY FURNITURE
Suitabe for holiday gifts, comprising an
unrivaled collection of Bronzes, Electroliers,
Clocks, Miniatures, Enamels, Marbles, China;
Cut Glass, Photograph Frames in new
shapes, and other interesting Novelties at
reasonable prices. .
Glove and Merchandise
Orders Issued
j Cor.Po5tsKearnt Sts*
ADVEETISZMEUTS.
ADVZBTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
W A ROMANCE OF THE OLD WE8T JCX
*h THE «4^
U» „¦ _ .
N ¦ B
5;HARRY LEON WILSON v*J
*1 AUTHOR OF "THE SPENDERS" $fc
4?. THE BROOKLYN ST. LOUIS REPUBLIC: '*'
i "^ >
¦"43 DAILY EAGLE: . <The Klder het^ t , The Um , <W
' !c?& " ' Th e I*i° n * cf the Lord ' is an Irn- of the Lord * will certainly finish it. \^y
1 ,V mtnsely impre»:ve Btory. Without There's a tragedy at the dose, the in- '«W
¦ -x tfTectation, withont strain, without can- ezorable tragedy of Joel Rae's life, but JO,
T" catare, it affords a picture of the flight there's also one of the prettiest of love- ,?»*
«$. i nto ( !"' e wilderness, snd of the men who story happy endings, in which a dashing '"jt»:
\ I converted that flight into' a purposeful cowboy plays Young Lochinrar In a \J\
*V; and u!:ir,att!y triumphant conquest, way to make you want to jump up »nd ffi x
«S»'i wfcich hai cot hitherto been equalled." whoop hurrahs for him. The plot is JU
ijl, adniirably constructed, and there is re.»l |O
"* THE BOSTON vitality in the pepple." W
$/ TRANSCRIPT: v"H
Jf[ " Heretofore no novel has dealt so vi- PHI LA. PUBLIC LEDGER : &
jL tally with the histon-, the scenes, and the .. _ , , ... • ftt»)
C*\ ¦ x. «%. • j 1 'Certainly much has been written re- JtJ
characters of Mormonism, and no pred- _.'-., . . . f^A
JU , . , . .. , rirdir.g the Mormons, but no writer has •!•
Tr ecesscr has so clearly struck the keynote ? , . . , .. . , v»V
flA . . , ,. . . before turned out a book which so dev- \ t %
«V of its comedy as well as its fearsome , , . .... «>- ... •!•
J»,' , . _ . . . , erly combines historical record with \J*\i
\»* tragedy. Joel Rae, the heao, is one that f, . , . „ JLA
JL \ . , „ well-written fiction." '4»
jTj may not soon be forgotten." Postpaid, $1.50 V*v
ix LOTHROP PUBLISHING COMPANY, BOSTON firf
BIBIIBBBBIBIIIIIIIIIIBIBIHIIIHIBIHIIIIIIIIK
a i
¦ ======:==::=::s:= E
B B
S This is one of the handsomest parlor suites offered for ¦
B some time. Very massive frame of carved mahogany; uphol- \
g stcred in rich silk velour. It is sliown in five pieces and makes |
B a very beautiful parlor outfit. We have a great variety of I
B other sets to suit even- taste and purse. Our goods are all g
§' marked at lower figures than anywhere else in the city, as we jj
g have no rent to pay and give our patrons the benefit in low |
a prices ar.d easv terms. B
a * • I
a b
| Ihe X Noonan Furniture Co. j
| 101?- 1023 Mission St. |
g Above Sixth Street Near New Postoffice ¦
KBgEEEHEgEBaBBKElEnfflHBElIBBBHnEBiaBBBBHBBBBBBnE
I piano players. Our immense circu- @'h| m I m I II
I monthly for a small yearly payment M
I We are agents for the BEHR BROS. I H {H 1 B | 0 Q!
I and BAUMEISTER PIANOS, ecle- LMJiJJ ISLB¦Two brothers living in West Phila
delphta Jjave had more or ' lesa ' trouble
for some ¦ tlnie past with the boy: next
door, and not" always: did they come
off victors. '.'In fact,; the boy next door
was so much ; biggen that he seemed to
have the: best of ¦ it in 'the many en
counters ; that occurred. \ So it - wasn't
'anunusuaf thing' when one of the boys
came into the house with a cut or. badly
bruised eye. " The other, day, one of , the
lads , was : crying ;, when his aunt stop
ped i in the hall.* • '
"/ "Hush; /Willie," she said. o "You must
n't *rnake'ahy/ noise;" ".'"
¦ ; " What-^what's :- the . ma-matter?" ; he
asked.betweenhls sobs.' .' .¦ ".^ .
"'.'You "will -dlsturb'your. new brother,"
said 'hls^aunt %obthingly. ; He dried i his
eyes, in* a; minute. . .
,"Have ' I ¦ got -• a : new :: < brother?" - he
A Recruit Welcomed.
"You're glad of it?" she asked.
"You bet/ auntie!" Willie fairly
shouted. : "If me and Jim and the new
one can't lick that fellow next door,
we'd better move."— Philadelphia Even-
Ing. Telegram. .
"One bssides Jim?" She nodded again.
"Oh, golly!", he exclaimed.
All men are not homeless, but some
are home less than others.
asked. His aunt nodded.
JThe Prussian War Department , finds
that In every 1000 youngr men arriving at
the age of military duty, seventeen are
suffering from heart : disease. Stricaler,
who has been studying the subject,'de
clares that the cause of the great preva
lence, isr-the. increasing degeneracy and
nervousness of. the youth of the land.
ment was imposed. About a: year ago
the -: Chinese had.to" be sent /to .the
Stockton . Insane ; Asylum, and he .Is at
present there. He Is' nearly 70 years old.
• Matney had been placed unrlcr arrest
by ¦ Constable Van Vllet and. was
charged with attacking Mrs. W. H.
Dearheng, who lives with her husband
close to the Matney home. Mrs. Dear
heng swore to- the complaint before
Justice C. F. Parker this mbrning.
. The • prisoner, when arrested, asked
permission- to change his clothlng.'and
officers drove, to his house for that pur
pose.; Leaving a deputy tcr hold the
horses," Van Vliet accompanied his pris
onerjnto-a bedroom. Matney . took off
his cJothes, , even -to his shirt, and
opened ,h!s trunk. . In^the .trunk lay a
razor, which, he took up. and opened,.'
unseen " by .the constable. Then he
shouted,-'"'Good-by, s all," and 1 facing
about drew the razor across his throat
before the'surprised constable, who was
within eight feet of him, could .pre
vent :it. " ,;. :."..;¦;'¦;.. ' " v '-.','
Without waiting to put any clothing
on 'him.'.: the,. officer, placed the "naked
and apparently {lifeless .man in ; the
buggy' and' drove to the "offices of phy-.
sicians \ two ~ miles' away. 'i. Ten stitches
were,taken in" the wound. ;
.The unconscious ; prisoner was then
placed ' aboard a ' train ; and brought 'to
Lbs Angeles'. "His wifehas told. the offi
cers that he admitted his guilt to her.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 28.— In the
presence of an officer who had just ar
rested him on a felony charge Charles
Matiiey; a prominent and well-to-do
rancher of Covina, this county, cut his
tfrioat to-day andis now at the'eounty
hospital with hardly, a" chance of recov-
Special Dispatch to . The Call.
ST. PETERSBURG. Nov. 28.—Dis
patches received here by a semi-of
ficial agency report that a collision be
tween Russian troops and a band ot
Chunchese, the notorious robbers of
Manchuria and Southern Siberia, has
occurred at Tachichao, In which five,
Russians were klllled and nine severely
wounded. -c
A report- from Slnwendao says that
the troops of General Ma have ap
peared in that district and are plun
dering friendly Chinese villages.
TOKIO, Nov., 28.— M. Ossi. former
Minister, of Commerce and Agriculture,
who lately visited Manchuria, to-day
protested in a public speech against
the incessant increase of the Russian
forces In the Far East. He declared
it was necessary to suspend the nego
tiations and demand an instant stop
page of reinforcements,^" and in tha
event of refusal to resort to an appeal
to arms. ' .
ST. PETERSBURG. Nov. * S3.—Rus
sia's reply to the Japanese proposals
In Tokio has not yet been dispatched.
Bandits in Manchuria
Kill Five of Czar's <
Soldiers.
Prisoner Attempts Sui
cide in Presence of
an Officer.
RUSSIAN TROOPS
FIGHT CHUNCHESE
CUTS THROAT
WHEN ARRESTED
America boasts of her rallways^ — but
is railway traffic in England any safer
thanin this. country? Recent statistics
of the two Governments seem to show
that it is. Last year 1171 persons were
killed and 17,814 injured in railway ac
cidents In the United Kingdom; 3064
were killed and 42,113 Injured in the
United States. J But there are 202,471
miles ' of railroad in this country, as
against only 22,152 miles In 'the United
Kingdom. The significant features are
that, of every 9,211,022 passengers car
ried on, English railways last year, one
was. killed, - but. on. American railways
the ratio was 1,883,706 to one. It would
seem, therefore, that the lives of pas
sengers traveling on English railways
are. about five times as secure as on
American roads. The official flgure3
show that, of every - 466,700 - passengers
in the United . Kingdom . last year, one
was Injupfed,, and that. of. every 97,244
in the United States, one was injured.
In the Amerlca'n statistics of killed
and Injured— if not In the British — the
list, includes of all kinds,
whether to persons actually traveling
on trains or walking oh or crossing
tracks.— New York Commercial. ,
Railroad Accidents.
The State Mineralogist Is having
maps and' registers prepared, for Buttc
and Amador counties.' The. mapping of
Mariposa County is completed.
Paul W. Prutzman has been appoint
ed field assistant by.the State Mineral
ogist to prepare a bulletin on the pe
troleum fields of the State for 'the 'State'
Mining Bureau. •
The Yellow King Mining Company of
FreBno has purchased the Minnie Ellen
mine and will resume worK. According
to the Nevada County Miner the Idaho
Development Company, at its annual
meeting, received reports showing that
the company has acquired' thirty r nve
acres of land during the last' year and
that there was a balance of $8000 on
hand: The old .board' or directors was
re-elected. ¦
PURCHASES A MINE.
Better be lucky man than lucky man's
son. :
The rope was procured, but before at
tempting the rescue of the now. shiv
ering tailor the bystander attacked
Horn's friend and as he landed blow
after blow, on that individual's anat
omy accused him of having given crim.
inal encouragement to the tailor's
scheme for self-destruction. Above the
sound of conflict came a voice from the
water: .
"'Urry up with that rope."
The line was thrown to Horn and af
ter It had been, made fast the tailor
climbed up nimbly,, hand over hand.
Walking away from the wharf a i e<Jge
and stamping his feet to restore cir
culation and assure himself that he
was really safe on dry land, he turned
to his rescuers and said: • *
"VY'y tne , el | cawn >t y OU c haps let a
chap die in peace?"
face, climbed on a pile v and there
clung. , • '.v. 7
"Get a rope," said a bystander. _
The conflict arose over the. question
of vivisection, several members of the
Landtag accusing the doctors of con
travenlns the vivisection law in their
experiments upon animals and also al
leging that j the doctors experimented
upon poor patients, inoculating them
with the germs of noxious diseases.—
Commercial Advertiser.
The members of the Vienna Medical
Chamber, to'which is intrusted the pro
fessional control of the doctors of the
city, have resigned in a body as the re
sult of a long fight between the anti-
Semite members of the Landtag and
Count Kielmansegg, Governor of Low
er Austria, on one side, and the general
body of the Vienna physicians and uni
versity professors on the other-
Vienna's Medical Bow.
SAN RAFAEL, Nov. 28.— Owing to
errors in the court records Fook Yook,
a Chinese murderer, will probably gain
his liberty. After over; twenty years'
Incarceration without friends or money,
Samaritans from China have come to
his assistance, and every effort, will -be
made to make Fook a free man.
An attorney. In San Francisco - '¦ has
charge of the case. From investigation
he found that no commitment was ever
entered or judgment roll ever filed and
tha^ no minutes of the trial ever were
kept. The only record of the case at
all is' the filing of the Justice'B Court
proceedings and the filing of an infor
mation of murder in the Superior
Court. These errors may substantiate
the ground for release.
Fook Yook was . sent to San Quentin
in January, 1882, to serve twenty years
for robbery in San. Francisco.. In No
vember of the same year Yook killed a
fellow inmate. The trial was in Marln
County before Judge Bowers. After
conviction sentence of life imprison-
Horn left the saloon and before his
friend or others standing by could In
terfere had dived off the bulkhead at
Mission street. He came to the sur-
"Go to It," said his callous friend
James Horn, a tailor, who lives at
the Hancock House, tried to commit
suicide Friday^ night by Jumping Into
" the bay from Mission-street wharf. He
.was fished out and cared for at the
\ Harbor Hospital until yesterday morn
'ing. This is the second time within
f three months that Horn has jumped
rinto the bay, but the seriousness of his
* purpose Is rather doubted by those in
t possession of the facts surrounding
.'his suicidal efforts.
A few minutes before jumping into
. the bay Friday night he drank the
health of a friend in a nearby saloon.
Horn Is an Englishman with even less
regard for the letter H than he seems
to have for his life.
"'Ere's your 'ealth. Wen I downs
this I'm going to commit suicide."
Aged Chinese Murderer
Likely to Regain
Liberty.
Tailor I5orn Gladly Ac
cepts Succor After
Courting Death.
COURT ERRORS
MAY OPEN CELL
FAVORS SUICIDE
ONLY IN THEORY
Chief Joseph, most mighty man of
war and medicine In all the aggrega
tion of the Cummins' Indian congress,
is a redskin of many accomplishments
among his tribesmen. His profound
•wisdom is the admiration of his fellow
braves, for as a bachelor philosopher
he has no equal among them.
His chief Interpreter translated the
following rare pearls of thought that
fell from his lips in a recent powwow
of the tribe:
"Don't think the whole -world will
listen to your death song.'"
"When swimming with the current
look out for the falls." '
"What would a man do with two lives
when he doesn't deserve one?"
"Fate carries the compliments of
many fools."
"The borrowed gun goes off, but does
not always come back."
"Much-Skill began with a young
hand."
"Often a squaw sees further than a
brave can think."
"A big chief has no time to look so."
"A small hole lets in much wind."
"The mole laughs at the blindness of
man." - •
"The bite end of a rattlesnake does
not talk." — New York Press. ?;•'::
Indian Philosopher.
THE SAN FRA^piSjGO CALL, S^mDAYv'NOVEMBER 52»; 1903.
32
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
1 WE TRUST THE PEOPLE ! |
This Week>s l
5 Jw^tt^^ J ? 5 SW B> » i Vrm Rockc r: regular price, Cl |
§ Sj.50. For this week «Pl./D
o -'« a \am r c show 365 different styles of fancy £!
g IB . ' B Ktr£ anc ' com fortable rockers on our floor. §
« ElBIIlJijjjnM^jgB^^. Positively the largest assortment in £
§ nflffr"^^*'^^^^" Nothing more appreciated than a 6;
0/ v - p J '¦ -^S^^_ ' m' : comfortable rocker for a Christmas §
S BlaL^^^SaS^^rffl present. X
§ ¦ » "* -air Goods selected now will be reserved 5j
» B|f « and delivered for Christmas. • . g
S oS c a '-° avc a '? r £ e variet y o_f Fur- g
S '¦'"' -'y&- nitnrc Novelties suitable for Christmas S
OUTFITTING CO., «tSlL, I
g We Furnish Mouses Complete. Country Orders Solicited. §
ADVERTISEMENTS.
B B^ vfSSSaiSI^T v I§S8 I nek KM
i Jt-.-W& nei ti t JL^vrfoArM
Phone Main 5171.
Bottled End Canned Delicacies
The very choicest ln the market, together
¦ with rorae . of the yreat bargains In " su-
perior wines and liquors, combine to make
this department ; 'V«ry •- attractive. Order
"by 'telephone and. we will deliver promptly.',
Specials thls-week. -, - • ;
PLOBISA PINEArPLE, 2-lb tin. . 30o
The very choicest sliced-" Pineapple
packed. Regularly :25c.'. . . ¦ •» . .-¦¦¦
DEVILED HAU, large tin . . .% • . . . 20o
Underwood'o celebrated^ brand.' " '.\;.;->^
Regrularly 25c. .¦ ¦ -- ¦ ¦ .' - •""'.¦¦ .'•{
C0CKTAIL3, Rosebud Brand, hot.. 75c,
These cocktails are noted for. their purity.'
delicacy, of body and daintiness, Manhat-
tan. Martini Whisky, -Gin and Vermouth."
, 'Regularly ?1. ¦ ¦-- : . -¦ - ; .; '-.'." '*,?
SCOTCH WEIS5CT, bot ." . . . .'. . . *. . 85o
-The "Clan Mackenzie." ••7-year-old 1m-
¦ ported r Scotch. ' Resularly :*123. .:• '* \
EOIiX. AH» QXJg, bot .V . . . .". It:..: 75o
/'Our. own bottling, 'equal to thetA.,V. H.'
. brands Regularly." |1. • :
CL ABET, gallon ; . ............;. . 35o
¦ In ' 5-sallon quantity,-. 30c; • a v.Kood , table'
wJne. Rejnilarly BOc. i r;
O. 2E. WHISKY, bot. 75c ; 3 bots. . (34)0 .
- Gallon. $3.00. •.
.-. These . are •¦ 10-year^old - goods and . ¦ are
. ¦¦-; specially .recommended for ;family- use.*
'-'..'- Rerultrj price: $1 andH. '.¦•>..<-•¦';--
OLD UcBRATXB WHISKT, full >
r -. quart - bottle ¦-: .-. .'. ;¦.' . ... . . . . . .75o
¦¦'¦¦s i: Gallon.-. %% 75.", . '.« : . • , ¦ ¦ ' %
•'¦¦ A well-known brand' 6f; superior quality.
.- Regularly '$1*25 and; f 4. ,¦¦:.>/ -:-'¦¦<¦:
SWEET- WIMXS, Kallon .. . . . . . .'. .6Oo
'., ;Port,- Sherry.rAnKellca,^ToVay*and'Muiv
": caf. ? Choice California winea.-, "
<~.-., Regularly, $!.*>;.' '7* ¦::'¦ -<-¦:•..;. • . .
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
¦. ¦ '.L?~?-. ¦¦+'.- ' •¦.'¦;¦ " > . ."¦-:." ¦.'¦.'.' " " '¦*'•.*¦..*¦*¦¦ • ¦ * • - ¦ •
The Entire Present Retail Stock of Pommer-Eilers to be Closed Out. A Ten Days' Sale Without. Parallel. The Very Choicest Brand Mew High-Grade Upright
Pianos and Finest Grands Included. Payments of $5.00, $6 00, $8.00 or $10.00 Monthly May Be Arranged for at Sale Prices Plus Simple Interest; an Additional 4 Per
Cent Inducement to Cash Buyers. - ..- - '•-• v '•'> ;: '.-:^;;.:-', "¦'. ¦¦ '¦¦ ' ' -. '¦' '-• ¦•¦' : - ;: '- ¦'.¦-.
Look Into This I . It May Not Be Known . Three ¦ Solid Trainloads Your Benefit and Our Opportunity
To every home-owning man, to every home-making woman " may not.be generally known, but it is nevertheless a We^ s £&^3^^^ T^^^^^^ No better opportunity could have come to its for strengthening
r ~ it • t • i» j -xi j.t i i . r n c • tact, that almost every American piano factory Is seriously Wednesday, i^very piano not on the road by that time pays .... - , ,• . .
of California, who is not supplied with that greatest of all refining handlC ap P ed -because but very few dealers buy trieir instru- : V i : • \. our position for our future public service as America's greatest re-
• "• .•" i " l j ¦ ££ * .i • i ¦ ¦ • ¦ ¦'- ¦ Aiic ¦ cxceiJciuiiciJ. (xt.inn.rm ior pitinos irom every section •«¦ r •- ¦ ¦
agencies, the modem high-grade piano, we are Ottering this week ments from them for cash. Pommer-Eilerslsone of the of the United States, the increased cost ofevery article en- tailers. •
an onnortunitv of most extraordi narv interest few large houses in position to pay cash with order. The tering into the construction of high-grade instruments and Hprpliv u-p arp in nom'tion ti nnr nvlv -rWatn niir former low
an opponunuy OI mOH exuduiunidi) iiucicau ? ._ ,_ discounts thus to be secured are enormous. the greatly increased wages that all the better American fiereDy. \\e ar^.in position 1) not Ol.l> iCtam Our lormer 1OW
The most notable Sale Of pianOS in the history Of the West will During the summer months our buyers have been quiet- factories are paying to-day make it Impossible for pianos prices but WC be able to effect additional reductions Oil mDnV
. . , , „ l?:i^eVii;:l:i.-'>^i^^V. A ™™^ ,J. i at work ln Eastern .manufacturing circles. Spot' cash to be obtained hereafter at anywhere near the figures at f. ".
be inaugurated by I J Ommer-JlllerS INlUSlC Company. A piano Sale Ot with order secured for us not only the very.. finest pianos, which our contracts were closed. ;"- ' lines.
mn rf #»vtrar»r<iinarv imnnrtence first because of the hip-h nualitv but the very lowest wholesale or cost prices. Then the Anticipating these- conditions, shipments amounting to a^j Uannofnr+h fVio P/^mmpr TT;i^rc Mitelo fAmninw «m11 cfinri
mOSl exiraoramary imporiante HIM, ucumsc ul uil aigii quamy, rallroads d , d their share . Anxious for. our. business they practically three solid trainloarls of pianos and organs are Ancl "GncetOrth tlie rommer-JillerS MUSIC Company Will Stana
second, because of the immense assortment, and, third, because of offered concessions in freight that in some instances amount- now en route to our several stores. This is, undoubtedly, as the great piano orice re<nilators of the West, as thev have stood
, . f . . ed to a saving of fully two-thirds the usual rate. The Pommer- the largest shipment of pianos undertaken on earth, and, . . . .
the lOW price' OI the pianOS. : •- Eilers system of shipping in harness, which effects, a sav- tis indicated before, our profit has already been made in the as the giant-profit Killers in the piano business ever Since their eS-
T1i*» in<;triimpnt<; in this <^1p will he found rpo^ilarlv in niir Ins of at least $125 a. carload, was recognized and definitely buying of the instruments, and we in turn pass the benefits t-w; c i imo _f «
i ne instruments m uus saie win ue iounu reguiany m our adopt ed by the transcontinental lines. . • . along to our retail customers. . . taDlisnment. ; v
stock. Thev are not gathered for sale purposes, but are' from our we offerjhkrefore, commencing tomorrow (Monday) morning, our entire retail stock And in order to effect a speedv readiustment of stock and
- & , r i j i n OF PIANOS AND ORGANS at such prices and on such easy terms of payment aJs will 'dispose of each and every instru- . "^ .' 1U U1UCI iu cacti d.spcctljr rcdUjuaiiiicm ui MUtK aim
established lines, lhe makers guarantee, backed by 1 ommer- ment before Christmas, at the end of which time these salesrooms are to be practically vacant and ready to receive and prices, and as a celebration of this new epoch, our floors are to be
Eilers, goes with every instrument. to d i S niestrgaTe 8 t O he k sr O n*gires he ay ' V - - ' { cleared of all surplus styles, -and they are to be cleared quickly.
C>l—/-\&fc> '^T" CLASS B— GLASS C—
. Medium grade pianOS, USUallv Sold at $27^, $?2> S^VJ - High-grade pianos of national reputation, usually sold at $375, 5450 and $550. o ••• „¦¦¦¦•¦ , • , . . . ,
_ -.. , , . ,. , r *-, ¦ „ ., Pommer-Eilers- sale prices-The $3-5 kind for $237 > . . Specially selected artistic uprights and grands, usually sold for
Pommer-Eilers sale prices— The $275 kinds for $167. Still $450 ki nd for , 28? ; • . ?6oo to $1000.
« 4-Ooc* ¦* •¦/ #550 Kind" ior . #34«>. . ; .¦,..,. ¦ % . . ¦ .^ ¦ • ¦«•• •¦ ¦ « •
Cheaper Ones at S138, $152, etc .. r . Terms: '4 per cent off for cash, or pay down 8 percent of the price and balance at ?S or $10 per month. All are Pommcr-EllCTS ; Sale pHCCS I
The $350 kinds for $218. ' N 'v fully warranted. • ITanciest selected $600 styles for. $376. M.
TWrvic r"oci-i io«e a «»t- /-«« f ,1^>, .., to ,, t,« «« i c^ P A1 * pianos sold around the bay are kept in tune the first year free, oid Finest Hazelton, Decker or Kimball babv j?rands, retail value
lerms Lasil, leSS 4 per Cent, or pa\ (JOWn SS or MO, and b;,, pianos and 6rgan« will- be accepted in exchange at full value to apply on any' C-- rt co- n C Tr^^ »l» «,;,.,« C-Q-" ck - I
Dfl nfo \f\ DflmOmhor new piano at sale prices. ..-. 9/oO, J?8 D O, sale prices 0 . St>^,, etc.
9U ur niuic a monui. _ rUllllO III HcIIICIIIUBI ' further particulars, catalogues and illustrations cheerfully supplied to appll- Terms— Four per cent off for casll/or pay S50 down and $12
All are fully warranted. [ open .every ; evening tin sale closes. ,.' to $15 each month. -•
KfcMbMBbK \ji Wft Aft Um \J L § I L I/V A 71 I V I I t /l San Francisco's Busiest
WHERE- F \J IVl lyiCIX'-LLli^Eiflk^r IVl U l^ 1 V- V-U. a™* Best Piano Store
653 Market Street, Below the Examiner Building. i /
'ABVEBTISEMENTS.
"|S|OTHrNG but
past facts are
vouchers for
the future:"
_ t — Nezvman. __
__ . ; a ' ;' ¦ ¦ ' ;
•• Jtnrttf ¦ '/:.-;
. , Btntkiakdt. ':'¦ .'
ictntojdeM-iin); v ¦-.
u Jeitim ir& iflnrwHb
/ Open v Even Ings-
December 7th to; 24th I
i POST STS.
A $ 9 50 Trunk for $ 6 00
A $ 9- 50 $uitCase, $ 6 0Q
A heavily bound brass-trimmed
Trunk: has two extra trays; «c/» nn
w^ll made. Our price. . 5>O.UU
A fine Suit Case, strong, durable;
made of fine sole leather; a CC l\i\
specially good value....... OO.UU
A. B. SMITH GO.
Trunks and Leather Goods.
128-132 BHis St. ¦
Above Powell Street, San Francisco.Kratz Brothers 'Are Arraigned.
William '• M.' Kratz and his brother,
A. A. Kratz, were arraigned before
Judge Dunne yesterday on charges of
felony embezzlement s - They ; pleaded
not guilty and the; cases were contin
ued for a week to be set for trial. Wil
liam was a, partner in 'the firm of Don
andt, Kratz Company, commission
merchants, Washington street, and it
is alleged that on the: evening of Feb
ruary 13 he, with the assistance of 'his
brother, took $16,542 75, from 'the com
pany's office and left the city. He was
arrested some weeks later in Kansas
City. His brother was arrested here. :
This 'worthy charity is greatly in
need of funds and is highly indorsed
by the charities indorsement commit
tee of the Merchants' Association and
the Associated Charities of San Fran
cisco. In the hospital, which is devot
ed exclusively to the treatment of
women, are eight free beds for the re
ception of patients who contribute
nothing toward their support and who
receive board, nursing, medicines and
medical attendance free of charge.
The board of trustees is composed of
eleven prominent citizens, C. A. Laton
being president, C. E. Worden vice
president and J. M. Quay secretary and
treasurer. Mrs. A. N. Towne is honor
ary president. There • are nineteen
members of the board of lady manag
ers, the officers being Mrs. D. H. Whit
temore, president; Mrs. ,C. B. Alexan
der, first vice president, Mrs. J. H.
Hatch, second vice president: Mrs. F.
C. ; Carolan, third vice president: Mrs.
F. A. Robbing, recording secretary, and
Mrs. F. A. Sprague, secretary and
treasurer. All interested are Invited to
call and examine the workings of this
splendid institution for themselves, the
desiring it to be' widely known
that it is a hospital' whose domestic af
fairs are, managed by kind, generous,
noble women, who are anxious to al
leviate suffering.
The programme for. the benefit will
be bright and sparkling from beginning
to end and will be continuous. Among
the artists who have kindly volun
teered are Camille d'Arvllle, TOenzel
Kopta, the distinguished Bohemian
violin virtuoso; Lotta and Belle Tobln,
in a charming musical act; Hal God
frey, "the private secretary of vaude
ville," ar^d his company from the Or
pheum, and others anxious to aid in
making the affair a success. Rosner's
Hungarian orchestra ¦ from the Orphe
um will supply the music.
The sale of reserved" seats will begin
at ¦ Sherman, Clay & Col's' Tuesday
morning at 9 o'clock and there is every
The executive committee of the Cal
ifornia Woman's Hospital Is making
preparations for the annual benefit
performance In aid of its free ward.
The benefit will take place at the Al
hambra Theater on next Friday after
noon. As the charity Is a worthy one,
those in charge feel confident that the
public will lend a helping hand In the
way of purchasing tickets. It is ex
pected that the proceeds will reach far
into the thousands.
The will of the late Dr. A. J. Mervy,
a pioneer druggist and physician of North
Beach, was also filed for probate yester
day. His widow, Consuelo Mervy, under
the terms of the will is to receive one
half of the cash in bank left by the de
ceased and all his realty and. a\half-in
terest in the drug store conducted by the
deceased. The other v half of the cash is
to go to the testator's four children, in
equal shares, and the 'remaining half in
terest in the . drug ; store is ' bequeathed
to "Alphonse Mervy, his son. -
Mrs. Rose A. Barry, a widow, who, dur
ing the last years of the life of the late
Moses G. Cobb, the attorney, whose
death occurred on the 3d inst., cared for
him and looked after his personal and
business interests, is the. sole, legatee of
his $10,000 estate. In Cobb's will, which
was filed for probate yesterday, he cuts
oft his widow, his son and five grand
children, and leaves all he died possessed
of to Mrs. Barry "as compensation for
the services she rendered Kim during his
last and several other illnesses, and for
'the help she has always given him In
the management of his affairs."
The will Is holographic and was made
May 12 of this year. Attorney Abe Ruef
is named as executor, to serve 'without
bonds. , The deceased requests his exec
utor to see that bis remains are cremated
and that ','Jnis ashes are scattered to the
waters of the Pacific Ocean."
I In the first clause of the will the de
ceased speaks of > his desire that his
widow shall receive nothing: from his es
tate. "She is amply provided for," the
clause says, "having her own separate
property." The one surviving son of the
deceased, according to the will, is an
adult "and deserving' of nothing." The
will also provides that as the five chil
dren of the .testator's five deceased chil
dren are adults and able to care for
themselves they shall receive none of his
wealth. ..'¦>¦ :¦-;. , .
Lawyer Leaves Estate
to the Woman That
Nursed Him. *
Directors of Woman's
Hospital Seek to Aid
Worthy Cause.'
WIDOW BARRY
COBB'S LEGATEE
BENEFIT IN AID
OF FREE WARD
Mrs. W. A. Mears has returned from
her tour-of Southern California and is
at the Grand Hotel. Her writings, un
der the name of "Lady Albion," have
been widely read throughout the North
west.
Mr. and Mrs. Jesse Crane, who have
been enjoying the delights of San
Francisco and its environs for the last
two weeks, departed for their home In
Portland, Or.; on Friday night.
Mrs. L. H. Curtis of Portland, Or., is
spending the winter season In San
Francisco.
Mrs. Charles Lyman Bent and Mrs.
G. Lansing are at the Palace Hotel.
Mrs. Bent will leave for the East in the
near future.
Mr. and Mrs. William ClufE left yes
terday for a sojourn in Santa Barbara.
• . • •
Badarous., Messrs. P. .Van Winkle
Jr., R. Tozer, F. Lucas, W. Hogan, W.
Day, L. Houdlette, F. Davis, R. Lee,
M. Allen, F. Goewey, F. Clohan. E.
Wilson, R. Cople, G. Peters, Dr. Der
by, R. Gilbert, J. Hlckey, T. Van Win
kle, E. Lee, T. Stanton, E. Healey, M.
Harris.
. Pierre Van Winkle Jr. celebrated the
twenty-first anniversary of his birth
at the residence of his parents. Those
present were Mr. and Mrs. P. S. Van
Winkle, Mr. and Mrs. J. Van Winkle,
Mr. and Mrs. E. Waterhouse. Mr. and
Mrs. I. H. Bragg, Mr. and Mrs. .Van
der Naillen, Mrs. W. Thomson, Mrs.
Bardarous, Misses V. Allen, Ida Eng
lish, G. Tozer, E. Barry, C. Seaton, G.
Grafe, R. Newman, B. Walton, E..
Vasconcellos, B. G. Peters, W. Hogan,
I. Schmedke, M. Jones, I. Graves, L.
Peters, A. Van Winkle, S. Van Winkle,
G. Thomson, M. "Thomson, M.
Home, S. Levy,. K. Graves. A.
Miss Agnes I. Dettmer. daughter of
Captain Dettmer of the steamship
Marshneld, and Henry Zann Jr. were
quietly wedded by the Rev. W. N. Van
de Mark on Saturday, November 21. at
the home of Captain Leighton Robin
son. The ceremony was performed be
neath a bell-shaped profusion of pink
chrysanthemums. American Beauty
roses and evergreens, decorated with
miniature American, British and Ger
man ensigns, in honor of those present.
The bride was attended by the young
est sister of the groom, and Mr. Pen
sottl acted as best man. Immediate
relatives only were invited. After the
bridal feast the happy couple started
on a wedding trip.
Compelled to sell our newest Garments
at Cut Rate Prices. Suits. Furs and
Skirts. Golden Gate Cloak and Suit
House. 1230-34 Market street. •
best man. Many handsome gifts were
displayed in the beautifully decorated
rooms. After a wedding supper Mr.
and Mrs. Henderson left for a southern
trip. LIi>on their return they will reside
at 605 Baker street, this city.'
indication that there will be an im
mense demand.
WI1L OPPOSE THE CLAIMS
OF AN ADOPTED DAUGHTEB
Niece of Late John Dunn Applies for
Letters of Administration Upon
Uncle's Estate.
Johanna Dunn, a niece of the late John
Dunn, who died intestate November 22.
leaving an estate worth $10,000, filed a
petition for letters of administration upon
her uncle's estate yesterday. A similar
petition was filed several days ago by
Mary Dunn, who claims to be the adopt
ed daughter of the deceased.
The ttlir.sr of the two petitions means
that a legal battle for the estate of Dunn
will be waged. On one side will be
ranged hii blood relatives, the petitioner
of yesterday, and Jeremiah Dunn, a
brother, and Mrs. Murray, a sister, all
of whom reside in Massachusetts. On
the other sido will be the woman who
claims that she is entitled to the estata
Ly reason of adoption proceedings.
To Report on Poundmaster Irwin.
The Supervisors' Finance Committee
did not meet yesterday to take action
on the alleged maladministration of
Poundmaster Irwin, after hearing tes
timony for several days. The commit
tee "will meet to-morrow afternoon and
report its findings to the board.
The Judgment of the lower court is
again reversed and a new trial is. or
dered. The opinion is written by Jus
tice Shaw, with whom Chief Justice
Beatty and Justices McFarland. Van
Dyke, Henshaw, Lorigan and Angel
lotti concur.
It Is said that the trouble over water
percolations is only just beginning and
that the rule cannot be laid down per
mitting the person with the deepest
well and the strongest apparatus to
have all the water in his neighborhood,
even if he does operate from his own
real estate. The court asserts that
there is no necessary parallel between
oil and water percolations and the for
mer Question need not be decided at
this time. »
. The Supreme Court handed down a
decision in the famous "percolation"
case yesterday, reaffirming its previous
judgment and order. The arguments
of former Justice Temple are sup
ported, but the decree is so modified as
to exclude the oil feature of the ques
tion.
The plaintiffs in the suit are Leah J.
Katz, executrix of the estate of Marcus
Katz; A. D. Allison, R. M. Tyler and
William McDonald. Margaret D.
Walkinshaw is the defendant. The pe
titioners owned an artesian well in San
Be/nardino County. The defendants,
who owned adjoining property, also
constructed an artesian well. The re
sult was that the Katz well produced
less water than formerly. The trial
court granted a nonsuit and an appeal
was taken to the Supreme Court. Jus
tice Temple wrote an opinion, in which
the majority of the court concurred,
declaring that the plaintiffs had a
cause for action. The decision was
general in its terms and the law as in
terpreted would have applied to oil as
well as water properties.
Ten different petitions for a rehear
ing were granted. It Is argued by the
defendant that in common law the
landowner has the right to take what
ever water he can from his property.
The court declares that common law
must be adjusted to prevailing condi
tions. It is then shown in the opinion
that the peculiar geological formation
of the State, the absence of water In
certain localities and the pressing
need of moisture to insure the future
prosperity of California combine , to
force a liberal interpretation of the
satutes.
Some time ago Chief Wittman re
ceived a letter from Chief Elton of Los
Angeles that Lytton was wanted for
stealing his wife's valuable Jewelry.
Detectives Ed Gibson and Reynolds
were detailed on the case, but they
found no trace of Lytton till Friday.
Applications were being received on
Friday at the office of the United Rail
roads for men and the detectives think
ing that Lytton might be an applicant,
went there. Sure enough, Lytton made
his appearance and was quickly placed
under arrest.
Chief Elton was notified and Chief
Wittman received a reply yesterday
morning that an officer had left to take
Lytton back. A few hours later the
Chief received a dispatch from Mrs.
Lytton to release her husband, as she
¦would not prosecute him, and that she
would leave on the Owl train. Lytton
was not released and his wife will have
to f.ght out the matter of his release
with the Los Angeles officer. .
Lytton, after taking his wife's
Jewelry, went to Seattle about six
months ago and remained there till a
Jew days ago. when he came to this
city. He told the detectives that all of
his wife's Jewelry had been disposed of
and he had lost the money in gambling.
He was visited by his wife's sister yes
terday afternoon and she said that he
might as well be released, as Mrs. Lyt
ton was very fond of him and would
not prosecute him.
George W. Lytton, a streetcar con
ductor, is in the City Prison and an
officer from Los Angeles is on his way
to take him back there, while his wife
s is on another train hurrying here to
have him released from custody, she
c being the complaining witness against
him.
Judgment Does Not Affect
the Status of the Oil
Properties.
Is Wanted in Los ADgele3 for
Stealing Her Valuabl3
Jewelry.
Mrs. George H. Lytton
Refuses to Prose
cute Husband.
Higher Court Reaffirms
Ka.z- Walkinshaw
Decision.
A simple wedding took place at the
home of Mrs. T. Drummond-' Hender
son in this city Wednesday, evening,
November 11, when Miss Isabelle Mc-
Kenzle Ross of Ashland, Or., and Lu
clan C. Henderson were united in mar
riage. The ceremony was performed by
the Rev. Colin Anderson in the pres
ence of relatives and a few intimate
friends. The bride was given away by
her father, John C. 'Ross, and ; was at
tended by her sister, Miss J. Scobie
Ross, while Fred W. Hollman acted as
The Forum Club will give its annual
reception at the- club's rooms "on the
afternoon of December 9, from 3 to 5
o'clock. , ;
The annual exhibition of the Callfor- 1
nia Keramic Club and a visiting ex- (
hiblt of the National League of Mineral I
Painters will be held In the marble and
maple rooms of the Palace Hotel on
Tuesday, December 1, from 1 to 10 p.
m.. and on Wednesday, December 2,
from 10 a. m. to 10 p. m. A music pro
gramme will be rendered each evening.
AH those interested in art will be wel
comed.
The music section of the California
Club will have an unusually Interesting
prqgramme for the next meeting, on
Thursday, December 3, at 3 o'clock.
"Parsifal," by "Wagner, which may be
regarded as the culminating point of
the oratorio, will be the subject. Miss
Annie K. Wilson, who has established a
fine reputation as an -Interpreter of the
Wagnerian music-drama, will appear
on this occasion.
Mr. and Mrs. P. F. Lint of Los Gatos
announce the engagement of their
daughter, Miss Jennie Leah Lint, to
Robert C. McLean of this city.
Mrs. Harry Sullivan gave a large post
nuptial reception yesterday, the first
since her marriage ¦ last spring. The
many guests, were entertained at the
home of her mother, Mrs. Ivancovich,
on Van Ness avenue. Mrs. Sullivan in
vited the ladles of her bridal party to
receive with her and a few other Inti
mate friends. The receiving party com
prised Miss Marie Stark, Miss Ethel
McCorrnick, Miss Helen Sullivan. Miss
Luple Rlvas, Miss Sue McNab, Miss
May Lawlar, Mrs. Ivancovich, Mrs. J.
F. Sullivan, Mrs. James Rucker and
Mrs. George Irwin.
Mrs. C. S. Wright and Miss Helen
Wright gave a pleasant musicale yes
terday at their home on Hyde street.
An entertaining programme was ren
dered by Mrs. Framing, an excellent
poprano. and Fred Btggerstaff. Greens
and autumn foliage added to the at
tractiveness of the rooms, and every
detail of the affair was enjoyable.
The hostess was assisted in receiving
by Miss Helen Wright, Mrs. L. vA.. Kel
ley, Mrs. J. G. Spalding, Mrs. C. C.
Gross, Mrs. Herman Hadenfeld, Mrs.
Adolph Rulofson Jr., Miss Josephine
LIndley. Miss Gray, Miss Elizabeth
Gray, Miss Grace Woodrow, Miss Oli
vette Edwards and Miss Emily Fish.
• • •
Mrs. Donohue was assisted in receiv
ing by Mrs. Edward L. Eyre, Mrs. Per
ry Eyre, Miss Flora Low, Mrs. Mac-
Monagle. Miss Marie Louise Parrott,
Mrs. John Parrott, Miss Abby Parrott!
Miss Emily Parrott and the Mises de
Guigne.
Mrs. Joseph Donohue was hostess at
a most enjoyable tea yesterday after
noon at her home on Sutter street. The
Misses Parrott \ and the Misses de
Gulgne. nieces of the hostess, were
guests of honor, as they are numbered
among the winter buds.
Those who assisted in receiving were:
Mrs. W. P. Fuller. Mrs. Chauncey
Boardman, Mrs. Guy Wayman. Mrs.
Leonard Chenery, Mrs. Edward Lacey
Brayton, Mrs. Hilda Macdonald Bax
ter, Mrs. A. S. Macdonald, Mrs. Burns
Macdonald. Mrs. Olive Fiske, Mrs. S.
E. Peart. Mrs. Frank Fuller and the
Mises Faull.
Mrs. Willard Wayman gave an in
formal tea at her home yesterday after
noon. The receiving hours were 3 to 6
o'clock,* during which time the hostess
dispensed charming hospitality. Chry
santhemums and palms comprised the
pretty decorations.
Wright, Miss Elise Gregory, Miss
Christine Pomeroy, Miss 'Helen Chese
brough, . Miss Ann McElrath, Miss
Leslie Green. Miss Frances Allen. Miss
Juliet Garber.'Miss Genevieve Harvey.
Miss Margaret Williams and Miss
Edith McDonald. • '- ¦- ¦ • ;
• • •
Mrs. Horatio Livermore presented
her daughter. Miss Elizabeth Liver
more, at an elaborate reception given
yesterday to her many friends. The
Livermore residence on Russian Hill
was prettily decorated with autumnal
foliage,' madrone berries and holly.
Miss Livermore wore an artistic gown
of white etamine, trimmed with heavy
lace, and cordially received the guests
with her mother.
Those who assisted in receiving were:
Mrs. Henry P. Gregory,' Mrs. Charles
Parmelee Eells, Mrs. Horace Hellman,
Mrs. Timothy Hopkins, ' Mrs. Harry
Sherman, Mrs. Henry Glass, Mrs. Dix
well Hewitt, Mrs. John Shepard Eells,
Miss Beaver. Miss Gertrude Eells. Miss
Cora Smedberg, Miss -Pr-ingle, Miss
Hess Pringle, Miss Daisy Van Xess,
Miss Emily Wilson, Miss Jessie
I liberty silk. The reception-room was
I decorated with chrysanthemums and
I palms and the many floral gifts from
i friends were arranged in every» avail
able place. The refreshment-room was
¦ in red berries and foliage. Other rooms
! were made artistic with white and
! yellow chrysanthemums.
; Those who assisted in receiving were:
I Mrs. Morton Gibbons, Miss Ida Gib
: bons. Miss Marjorie Gibbons. Miss
j Florence Gibbons, Miss Newell Drown,
Miss Katherine Selfridge. Miss Helen
; Baily. Miss Jane Wilshlre. Miss Mattie
j Milton. Miss Evelyn Hussey, Miss
1 Maye Colburn and Miss Florence Cole.
One of the largest coming-out teas of
the season was given yeste^lay at the
home of Dr. and . Mrs. L«. L. Dorr at
their home on Hyde street. Six hun
dred invitations were issued and a
large number of callers were received
between the hours of 4 and 7 o'clock.
Miss Elsie Doorr, a charming and ac
complished daughter of the hostess,
made her formal debut on this occa
sion and was warmly welcomed to the
social fold. The new debutante was a
picture in her dainty gown of white
JUSTICES GIVE
FINAL ANSWER
LOVE CONQUERS
OVER REVENGE
TEAS FURNISH
AMUSEMENT FOR
SOCIETY PEOPLE
-¦.¦•¦¦-,¦ ¦ . ¦ ¦
THE SAN rUANClSCO CAI-iIj. SUNDAY,- XO^E.MBER 2!>. I»03.
Deputy Tax Collector Dies.
Hiram Goldstein, a deputy Tax Col
lector, died' yesterday at" a local sani
tarium as the result of a third opera
tion performed \upon him , for. cancer.
Goldstein was compelled to submit to
the knife about three months ago. He
was a veteran of, the Civil .War, having
enlisted '-'-. in a New York ¦ regiment in
1862."; He was a member of the G. A. R;
and , was employed . for twenty years -in
the tax ' office, where he was regarded
as a valuable man on account of his
Knowledge r of 'its affairs."*
33
A Discovery of a Remedy Has Been
Made That Restores Lost
Manhood and Gives
Man f&8 Vitality
of a Lion,
Suffer Ho Lcnger, but Send Your Name and
Address To-Day, it This Grand Offer May
Merer ippesr Again. It Has Sared Thou-
sands cf Weak Men Who Thocghi
Their Cases Were Hopeless. *
Tre* On* Week's Trial Fack&re of TMs
•Wonderful Eemtly Which Bebuilfit
the Structure of Tcmth and Gives
You Back the Vitality Ton
Have licit. Send So Money.
Simply Tour Same
axid Address.
Rer'~eraUv« Tablets is the only recognized
Cocltive and permanent cure for Lost ilan-
•ootf in all '.'.* forms and etapes.
. It !• edestlflcaUy prepared by the tx«t chem-
ist* la the world. The reputation cf the ln-
stltattoa Is euch that all physicians know
%-hen they stand tpcr.sor for a remedy that
remedy must be exactly as represented. And
»hen upon their reDutation they make th«
etateinent that Regenerative Tablets will cur«
all cases of Lost Manhood. Spermatorrhoea.
Varieocele or weakness of any nature of the
nerve or crrans a cure must be positive ar.d
permanent. This company will send every
I<fn»cn wb» is ¦ufferlnc from nervous diseases
* J week's treatment absolutely - free. There is
tut one test of irenuine medicine and that is
the results which are obtained by its use;
' 4f it cures the disease for which it is pre-
pared tt is a true remedy. This is the test
tap which the Fallopia Lynn Company wi» a
their one-week free treatment to be tried
After usim? Regenerative Tablets one week th»
sufierer will find new vitror In hls - ortans"
new Jort-e in his muscles; new blood in his
veins; n*w ambition; a new man in vitality,
health and appearance. Regenerative Tablets
bas a peculiarly rrateful effect and the pa-
tient feels the benefit after 1U first day's use.
It roes cir»ct to the seat of the trouble, no
matter cf how ion* standing, givlr.tr strength
and development where it U needed. This
marvelous remedy banishes all feellnrs of
bachfulnees toward the opiosite sex. cures all
tb* ills and troubles that come from early
abuse, excess of overwork and business cares,
til -ct which remit In premature . loss of
ttrength and memory, emissions, lmpotency
ind varieocele. Regenerative Tablet* will ef-
fect a cure at any age. There Is no case that
.t will not care permanently, except where
?pllepsy or insanity has already been reached.
Fallopla Lynn Company maxes no restrictions
Cvery person who writes will be sent a week's
•.refitment absolutely free and postpaid, care-
tulljr wrapped In e plain package with no
iCvertlsing on it to Indicate what It contains.
They have received thousands of letters from
>eople all over the country, telling of the most
vrtonishing cures made by Regenerative Tab-
cts. Their one-week free offer Is genuine, and
10 embarrasslrur Questions asked. Write to-
lay to the Fallopla Lynn Company, 720 Bur-
ington Building, St. Louis, Mo., and receive
he week's treatment free. Their book, which
s alao free and eent with the free treatment,
sill explain bow to take the treatment in pri- ,
*:e aad cure yourself at bosie.
ADVEBTISEMZNTS.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
I ADVEBTISEMENTS.
i dm* d£ **^9y w 5
Sore Throat.
HELPS TO " "SEVENTY-SEVEN."
No. 1 cures Fever.
r "10 "Dyspepsia.
;';",15 ": Rheumatism.
/ " 27 .-.'/ The Kidneys. •
" 30 " The Bladder.
In small vials that fit 'the vest pocket.
At Druggists, 25 cents ! eachV M ||fi!
' ,'cr Medical .Guide mailed free.
' Humphreys' • Med.' Co., Cor. William and John
; streets. . New j, York. •'-';,;¦*. r •-. • "¦,-"• • - ¦ ; , * , ¦ ' - :
"THE CREDIT HOUSE," 233=.235-237 POST STREET
With Monday morning's business we introduce our new Stove Depart-
s ment, by far the biggest and best in San Francisco. We have secured for
this department the "QUICK-MEAL STEEL RANGES," the most thorough,
up-to-date stoves manufactured in the United States, ? Regular Pr j CC §34
Rp*mar Price $29 ° and We P ro P ose how to n ... .M™%—* '
a^-^^^JL=^ A popularize them by offering [fgpltil. |)f»pj^
j^^^^^^^^^^^^ them at prices lower than cast iron stoves )5g^^;W^ >#k '^^T'
=sT / //jT . You vvouid not wear the dress you wore I
[JIM fZ^r^^zM. Wm You would not read by the lamp you lplfe^^^^^S|k
iS& % SE£$ v %. fifi y° u used ten years ago, when a. stove
SS^ -lliiP il§ iBI? The icI( Meal st881 Ran?e The uic5( Meal Ste '' RangB lH 1§|2$ I |i|p7^ II
' 21 -"" ~*~ -^^~ y^ ms^^^'' mechanism for the best steel. The heat is thrown Sfjj SStffKf^^^^S^?
¦ of food t^V^nlu^Z mW^^^^M \
Regular Price, $51. a " d t "; e s r f' e5t t c01 - £™l t£° %&& . *m pag litllill j
• ¦¦-¦• ¦¦ » ; centrstion ot liCcit. »v. . ti vm9 vj^*i ¦irr riTi*"^^^
' Special for the Week, $26.75 \
\Wf//f/^^^^^im\ [^ i _J|W|U , - Regular Price, $37.
TtlpOnipEf MP~al QtDDl Pando We offer this kange to you, special for this week, The QUICK Meal Steel Range
.1 licymoi\ ITICC1I Olcei I\ail£t; t0 induce youto see our new : line. . A hundred^ the A hundred of them displayed on the De-
Not a painted stove,_ Comes cither polish- most perfect ranges made is a sight well worth 'seeing, partment's 3000 square feet of floor room,
ed or enamel steel, the enamel baked on and one of them regularly priced at $40.00. now spe- They take up less room than a cast iron
with 300 degrees of^ieat? The fnrnace fire cial for this? week only at $26.75, is a Chance that range, so do not get the idea that they are
of a foundry would 'not warp "it. " . should not be missed. >*'>• big and cumbersome. ~ \
— : ¦ ¦ o— . 5
The Biggest Furniture House on the Pacific Coast and the Biggest Stove Department of
¦'..¦¦¦ ¦ -. •;¦ ¦¦¦: .-¦¦¦r/^y-:^ .. .- .. Cast and Steel Ranges in the West.
j ADVEBTISEMENTS.
putt) McEnery Stuart's New Book
tJtfr \l mat y fevSSSJHJBg it "i__Ajjwi^!"^ ~~* 1 1 2**
GEORGE
WASHINGTON
JONES
A Christmas Gift That Went a-Beggng
Cloth. Ornamental. Illustrated. $1.00
George Washington Jones was little,
poor and black. He had no relations
and could hang up no" Christmas
stocking. Yet he boasted! of going
after a Christmas gift "better than
gold and diamonds. 1 ' Finally he finds
a resting place for his weary little
legs, and in due time "finds the folks."
At all bookstores, or sent postpaid by -
HENRY ALTEMUS COMPANY
PHILADELPHIA
Nothing
but Books
But the most satisfactory
book store in the West...
We carry IN STOCK the best
books in every department ob
literature, and our PRICES are'
ALWAYS RIGHT, viz., always
as low, if not lower than other
stores. • * J v :-'.¦*
Our Price on the Newest $1.50
Fiction is $1.08
Postage 15c volume extra If 'sent by mall.
. This Is the lowest price quoted
In the United States
READY OUR* beautiful HOLI-
DAY CATALOGUE. SEND for
it TO-DAY.
"THE NEW BOOK STORED
Open Evenings "
L. H. CARY. Msr.
23 Grant Avenue, San Francisco
TELEPHONE MAIN 5988
APVEB.TTST'/ftrE'WTB.Ii.F.Stoll, dentist; Haight & Masonic ar.»
In Sweden bricks are laid in. zero
weather by: heating the' sand for the mor-
Ur.'V' :-¦¦¦ • • •¦ ~ - " -r f" j • * ••--•: -'
"After careful consideration of the
testimony taken in the case we cannot
attach blame to the master or his of
flcera in connection with this casualty.
Moreover, great credit is due to Cap
tain Gunderaon for the able and cour
ageous way in/which he' coped with
the grave danger which threatened the
lives and property under his charge."
United States Local Inspectors Bolles
and Bulger rendered a decision yester
day in "the matter of the'wreck of the
steamer Charles Nelson near the Ump
qua River, Oregqn, on November" 6. The
damage to the vessel was stated at
$30,000. No lives were lost. The report
adds: '
Captain Gunderson Praised.
"The; high 'Jinks; and; smoker given a
few evenings • since by Nelson A. Miles
Command, of "the Spanish War Veterans
in the Alcazar building. was ayery suc
cessful affair." It was under the.direc
tion ¦ of < the- following named :' ¦ J. Roller,
C. -W. . Seeley, J. IT. Costello.: O. . H.' Stu
bursr,. B. C. .Dingier; and A., Schhopf.
The entertainers were the Maccabee
Mahdoilh and Zither Club, M.J.Hynes,
Professor* Mansfield, Dr." Seiberst,. the
Golden City Quartet, ; Thomas \ Kerri
nari, J.Vjr Daly. W. R. Engelthaler, E.
Widdop"and the Thespian Quartet; and
the programme'was made upof instru
mental and vocal selections; specialties
and . , '
Spanish War ' Veterans.
- An article on California In December
Four-Track News,, a beautifully, . Illus
trated' and extremely interesting: maga
zine. For, sale at news dealers.
The annual grand ball of McKinlev
Company, First Regiment. California
Brigade, will be given at Golden Gate Hall
on Sutter street to-morrow evening. Re
freshments will be served after the ball.
McKinley Company's Ball.
TORONTO, Ont.. Nov.- 28.— The
schooner Emerald, from Fairhaven, To
ronto, with a cargo of coal, has been
given. up as lost. . Those on Ward were
Captain McMaster and his son "Walter of
Toronto, three sailors and'a woman cook.
Coal Schooner May Be Lost.
Wedding cake boxes, wedding stationery. Ed
ward S. Knowles. 24 Second at.. Main 608. •
Gulllett's Christmas extra mince pies, ice
cream and cake. 005 Larkin St.; tel. East 198.*
Warren M. John of San Luis Obispo
has been " appointed a United States
Deputy Internal Revenue Collector, to
take the place of George Lewis, pro
moted to be bookkeeper to fill the va
cancy caused by the death of Dewitt
C. Dlxson. " .
New Deputy Appointed.
Trapper's OJl cures rheumatism and neuralgia.'
Druggists. 50c flask, nichard & Co.. 406 Clay.*
Solo, "Just As I Am"... Banks
Miss Rogers. . ¦
Solo, "Ave Maria" M.'Ilard
:¦>:,' ; . Miss Burrington.
Hymn
Benediction..
Postlude, "Festival March" Mendelssohn
''The regular monthly song service will
be held at. the First Congregational
Church, corner Post and Mason streets,
this evening. Selections from Verdi,
Kreutzer, Buck and Mendelssohn will be
sung by; the % choir, assisted by the
Knickerbocker Quartet. Samuel ¦ D.
Mayer will be organist and director.
The pastor will speak on "Seeking and
Finding." - v
This afternoon at 3 o'clock Dr. George
K. Gilder, for many years a resident of
India, will by. special request address
the mass-meeting at the Young Men's
Christian Association auditorium, .Ma
son and Ellis streets.; The usual music
programme, conducted by the associa
tion orchestra, will precede the address.
The doors of the auditorium will be
opened at 2:30 o'clock.
••The Palms 1 ' .Faurt
Violins and Organ.-
Prayer. Response by ChoirT
Hymn •••- ...........
Solo, "The Good Shepherd" Barrl
Miss Rogers.
Anthem. ''O Be Joyful" ..Danlt*
\ Choir.
Bass solo, "Rose in Heaven".: Troter*
. Mr. Crist.
Hymn
Offertory. Prelude- in A Flat.. 4 . Chopin
Sermon. "The Happ1ne*» of the Christian Life"
Kev. E. L. Walz.
Splendid Programme Under Direction
of Mrs. Barnum Will Be Given :
This Evening.
Services at the churches this day axe
as follows:
Rev. Father Henry Stark will preach
this evening after the vesper service at
old St. Mary's Church.
Most Rev. Archbishop Rlordan will
administer confirmation this afternoon
at 4 o'clock in St. Joseph's Church,,
Rev. Father Hickey will preach at
the 10:30 o'clock mass this morning In
St. Ignatius Church. Rev. Father For
han will preach in the evening and be
gin the novena preparatory to the feast
of the immaculate conception.
First .Congregational Church—Morn
ing, "Palms and Hosannas" ;. evening,
"A Pauline Doxology." Pastor, Rev. E.
Nelander.
St. Stephen's Church— Evening. 'The
Supremacy of Christ," by Rev. Ernest
Bradley.
The following programme will be
given at the* Fourth Congregational
Church this evening:
Voluntary. Fujpie in G Minor....... Bach
Opening sentence. "Let Tour Light ........
»; .... Baum bach
..... . choir.
Scripture Heading
Hymn : '• : .'
Solo. '"Great White Throne" Brown
Miss Marian!.
The Associatlpn.of Collegiate Alumnae
met yesterday at Sorosis Hall. 1620 Cali
fornia etreet. • Tliff fcStivltles " began with
a luncheon at 12 o'clock- with -Miss Ina D.
Coolbrith_as "eue^tvtof, 'honor. -At 2:30
there ¦•was t-an^addre^s by Herbert Bash
ford upon. :"CdllfbVnia;LItcrature of To
day." : Later- in; this ' afternoon an infor
mal TeceDtioh . wak . held and the members
enjoyed a chat over a cup of tea.
College ; Association - Meets.
SACRED MUSIC AT FOURTH .
CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH
Reduced rates on household 'goods to A: from
the East & South.JiyktiVs, It Montgomery St. •
The Board of Education issued a cir
cular of information yesterday, to prin
cipals and. teachers, in which it is stat
ed that the .winter vacation \ for the
public schools •will, begin Monday, De
cember 21; and end Monday, ' January
11. : The « circular also . states that the
incoming t City Attorney will s be ! asked
for. his opinion as to the legality, of.in
creasing the* teachers'; salaries ;$2 -. a
month, such increase to r be applied, to
the annuity fund, instead' of the Know,
deducted from their monthly pay. If
this can be legally done it is hoped
that the Board of : Supervisors will
grant the Increased appropriation, thus
placing the .fund on an absolutely sta
ble foundation.
The . proposition of the .teachers, to
contribute monthly $1 additional to the
annuity fund was defeated, only 382
out of the 906 contributors voting for
it. The circular continues:
"Principals will see that the usual
instructions to janitors for work dur
ing vacation are carried out,. as per de
tails in 'circular No. 8, June. 4, 1903. .
"Salary demands for December will
be paid December 23. •
"Principals are requested to send in
at, once .the .names of their probable
graduates.".
The following resolution* has been
passed by the board: '"Resolved, That
not less than twenty (20) minutes' in
struction during each school week shall
be given in all the primary, grammar
and high school grades in the elements
of physiology and hygiene with special
reference to the effect of alcohol and
narcotics on the human system, and
that the principals and teachers be re
quired to include in instruction the
correct use of the emergency roll and
first aid to the injured that has Just
been supplied to all the classes."
The new school directories have' been
issued and are ready for distribution.
Janitors will call for | the supply./ for
their respective schools. '.< '
A graded course of study in drawing
will be Introduced at the beginning of
the spring term, January 11, ¦ 1904. -
Principals were requested to send in
their four weekly reports \ not later
than the Monday following the end of
the four weeks. •
The attention of principals was again
called' to 'the following paragraph'-in
circular No. 10: "Admit no new pupil
to your - school • who lives - nearer an
other school with: the same grade for
two .weeks, after the opening of each
school term. Admit no such: pupil ¦ at
any time when he would cause the en
rollment' of the class to exceed, fifty
in the first ' grade or fifty-five In the
other grades."
Insolvent Bakers.
Lcses Part of Big Toe.
John McWatt. a small boy, lost part
of his right big toe yesterday by getting
It jammed in an elevator at 625 Mission
Ftreet. The injury was attended to at
the Harbor Hospital by Dr. Leonard.
G. R. Runyan end I. E. Howe, com
posing the firm of .the Mother's Bread
Company at San Jose, filed a petition
in Insolvency yesterday. They owe $2598
and ba»e $2310 assets.
It Will Begin December
21, 1903, and End Jan
uary 11, 1904.
VACATION TERM
DECIDED UPON
City. Engineer ' Grunsky's report on
the abolishing' of, sidewalk 'widths on
Sixteenth street, easterly from Seventh,
was filed^with the Board of Supervis
ors yesterday. Grunsky- reports that
the viaduct to be, built by the Southern
Pacific . Company on Sixteenth street,
between Seventh and Illinois, will pre
vent the. widening of Sixteenth street
on i the northerly side -without further
concessions by. the company and prop
erty owners. Grunsky recommends an
eight-foot walk" on the southerly side of
Sixteenth street? and that that street
be widened from ''-. Seventh street to
San Bruno avenue. •:
Sidewalks on Sixteenth Street.
F. A. Falkenburg, head consul of the
Modern Woodmen of the World, will
pay a visit on the evening of Decem
ber 1 to Tamalpais and Calumet camps
in joint meeting in the Assembly Hall
of the Pioneer building. There will be
a reception to the head of the order and
then an entertainment, after which
there will be dancing, as there will be
ladies present. The head consul will
pay a visit to Golden Gate Camp on
the night cf December 7.
In one corner of tlie Stein Room In the
establishment of Xathan-Dohrmann Co.,
on Sutter street, is *. display : of Jugs
which is causing comment from all
sources. All the noted English and
French Warps are represented, and all
the great Potteries- have contributed
their masterp.vces to the display. . There
are all kinds r,? shapes, including the
grotesque, and reproductions of odd de
signs by the old masters. This great es
tablishment is primarily a holiday store.
The selection of g!tts is made easy on
account of the great varieties offered 'in
the many different lines. Visitors are
always ;-;ade welcome. . ..*... . -
Head Consul to Visit
A Jug Corner.
Tax Collector Smith and Treasurer
McDougald held a consultation yester
day afternoon and decided to appeal to
the incoming Board of -Supervisors to
make provision under the State law for
the payment of the premiums on their
official bonds. The present Board of
Supervisors refused to pay McDbu
gald's premium on the ground that the
city would have to pay the premiums
on the bonds of all city officials. The
board rather resented the action of the
Legislature in passing a law which is
deemed an invasion of this city's right
to govern itself. As Mayor Schmitz is
Inclined to exact surety bonds from the
Treasurer and Tax Collector only, it Is
probable that the next Board of Super
visors will provide the necessary funds
to pay the. premiums on the bonds of
those two officials in the next munici
pal budget. In the event that such ac
tion will not be taken Tax Collector
Smith expressed his intention to follow
Dodge's example and insist that his
bond with personal sureties be accepted.
;.• "I understand that the .surety; com
panies have been 'holding up' city of
ficials in the matter of premiums on
bonds, and I deem it my.duty in, order
to '.. prevent .this condition . to . approve
any bond 'sufficiently secured by per
sonal sureties. I; do not think that our
city officers should be' subjected to any
extortion, in this matter,;and in order
to escape the grasping tendencies of the
surety companies the only course' left
is for me to accept adequate personal
security on official iJonds. .1 am dis
posed to make exceptions 'in the cases
of the Tax .Collector and* the City
Treasurer, as their responsibilities are
great." ' "". :
•^ " MAY SECURE BELIEF.
.Dodge presented ¦'his ,bond to the
Mayor with James D. Phelan and Louis
Rosenfeld as sureties, and after it had
been drafted to make the responsibility
of the sureties ironclad the Mayor
stated that N he would approve it. .
The next city official to follow
Dodge's example Vas Samuel Braun
hart, who was re-elected Supervisor.
Braunhart filed a bond with Samuel
Nickelsberg and Lewis. Meyerstein as
sureties, and after a few minor altera
tions have been made in its phraseol
ogy Mayor Schmitz will approve it.
• HEAVY BOND PBEMITJMS.
It is quite likely that the Mayor will
require.. the Tax Collector' and the
Treasurer to continue furnishing a
"surety bond, as they 'handle large sums
of money belonging to the city. Treas
urer McDougald pays $500 yearly, as a
premium on his bond, but says he will
continue to do so, as he would require
four bondsmen and in all likelihood
would have to give up some^places in
his office for the favor. Tax Collector
Smith pays $400 yearly as a premium
on his. bond. • J. '
-In . discussing the matter Mayor
Schmitz said: *
It having been brought to the atten
tion of Mayor Schmitz that the surety
companies have formed a combine to
raise the premiums on bonds furnished
to city officials, his Honor decided yes
terday to approve bonds given by per
sonal sureties which comply in all re
spects with charter requirements. As
told in last Sunday's Call, Assessor
Dodgre was the first official to rebel at
the exactions of the surety companies,
which have doubled the premium on his
bond of $50,000.
City Officials Escape Extor
tion by Giving Ade
quate Security.
Balks Combine of Surety
Companies to Double
Premiums.,
MAYOR APPROVES
PERSONAL BONDS
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL; SUNDAY. NOVEMBER 29, 3903.
34
Tf^.iZLlZ _-_ r -: IL - J ' Ji ;--;'-_-- l -/Y -'¦¦—-_'¦ _- ¦!«'¦'«¦«¦¦¦ '¦£¦ ¦' ¦ i yjr wm;p **^g»/^
S ¦ t£>?i F.t^j II' JL*mSml »J H ir.l *¦! H *s»cB» y *cf ." *JSi^B^ *"^^.
p
I MAGNIN'S CHARMING i
DISPLAY OF UNDERMUSLINS
It is most gratifying to women to observe the great va-
riety of styles that we carry in this department.
£ In order to meet the growing demand for our popular
goods we have at several periods during the past 30 years
added to our factory modern facilities and spacious work-
rooms, where there is an abundance of natural light and un-
equaled sanitary conditions. .
The popularity of the Magnin styles is due to the reliable
quality of the materials, the exclusive and exquisite designs
and the reasonable prices. If you are not familiar with the
good features of our wear, note the range of reasonable prices
quoted on undergarments trimmed in hundreds of charming
ways, full in width and length and of superior quality and finish. •
CORSET COVERS... 23c, KOc, 73c and up.
DRAWERS _..3fJc, 5Oc, 75c and up
CHEMISES f»Oc, 73c, $1.OO and up
GOWNS f»Oc. 75c, -91.0O and' up'
SKIRTS 91.OO, 91.25 and 91.50 and up.
THREE-PIECE SETS, consisting of gown, chemise and
drawers, made of best quality of cambric; trimmed with
point d'esprit lace and embroidery insertion aq ..
.- - Per set
THREE-PIECE SETS, consisting of gown, chemise and -
drawers; made of fine nainsook; low neck gown with short
sleeves; trimmed with dainty patterns of em- CIA fA
broidery; ornamented with ribbon. .Per set v'"«*^"
An immense variety of other styles ranging in prices from
$8.75, $10.50, $11.50, $12.50, $15.00, $18,00, $20.00 and upward.
Parisian Hand-Made Lingerie
Jott received a new shipment. Nothing could be more
desirable than the lovely French sets of three pieces,, made' of
the finest texture of materials, inset with, beautiful .lace and .,"„
trimmed with handsomest of. wash ribbons, in -pink- and bine. Kg
Also single pieces made of handkerchief linen, sheer nainsook;
batiste and lawn; trimmed with real Bruges, Yak, Filet; .-
Mechlin, Cluny, Lierre and Duchesse laces;- -others: exquisite-
ly hand-embroidered in various designs.- ..^ . .; ' V
SPECIAL SALE Of 100
EjDERDOWIM ROBES
All are this season's goods. These robes are made, of the ¦
best quality of all-wool ripple eiderdown, bound with/ satin
ribbon, silk frogs, mostly red, some pink and blue. Remark-
able values at this ¦ time of the" year. FORMER <t -% •.'*> m. *
PRICE 94.5O; SALE PRICE .....-.; $3.25; §
* i i .
r>r> I ¥£&XZ£!£ iiic Co * st A^«nt« for the "ARKOLD"-Voo<Js and
[ toklet GERTRUDE GARMENTS.' Send tor free '
918-922 Market Street.
» J? U k r tll &^ w * nter CaWogJM!* contains a complete line Af' j
stylish wear for women and children. ¦ It will be sent free upon ¦
ADVEBTISEMEl^rs.
¦BBaBOBBBBBBaflEQaaHHBBBBBBSBHEslBBS3BBBBaDBBBBEa
| iTl^^^S Sale of I
1 1 J^^K Vesting Waists |
H r^l Vi^gfe^rAj'^Lfe lS\ : ± "^ recent purchase of several a
5 I s ? '.'^t^^^^^f^ 1 ' C hundred Women's Oxford and \
S ' ] U Cheviot Waists, embracing an ¦
a /^ - 'Utt ' li/\ x - assortment of a great many styles, B
m pa- /Mi f ¦ '^ ' ' * n Pj am . white and fancy colorings. . n
¦ \ * -t\ r*- 4 ** Every style is this season's- prof g
¦ duction. These fine .Cheviot Waists answer a double purpose. %'
3 They are-heavy enough in texture to take the place of French 5
S Flannel Waists, notwithstanding that. they aremade of me- B
¦ dium weight cheviots. They are/made according to the- most m
B fashionable ideas. Value, $2:50. On special sale at jjjj
¦ $1.50 Bach 1 ¦
¦ An Astonishing Sale of Ti»Im= S
I med Hats at $5;00 Bach 1
5 On Monday we place on- sale "about one ' hundred clcverlv designed "
s| . hats of beaver, velvet and fancy combinations made in our own work- 5
B - robms v The variety "includes "all, the popular "shapes, styles and' colors. I
¦ For j'our -selection . . '._; . . . ......... ... J-Vif.': .V. .... ..... . :$5.OO each q
I Perrin's Dollar Kid Gloves S
g * ¦¦¦¦¦;• f ; '— FROM MAKER TO WE HER— ' . B
53 The best $loo Kid Glove offered in 'San Francisco; all styles. Fitted £
H and absolutely^ guaranteed in every respect. , Positively ; equal to those 3
B ¦ offered at a much hiRher price in other stores. ' " m
"¦¦' '" ' * ' ¦•"".' '"ii'^_ r *at»ii '•"/¦' f\ •¦ 'SI
g A^t $L5U S
B . ! Women's one clasps heavy Gloves; nothing, better for scr- £
¦ vice;, superior to" allother makes at $2.00. Ask. to see them. gj
I W.^CtV4S $ Co ]
5 Agents Royal < Worcester Corsets. ' &
BaiBBIBHBBBBBBBBI»»BBIB»BBBBBHBBBBBUBailI|S
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
EXPERT OPTICIAN'. j
Highest Optical Skill.
GEORGE MAYERLE'S GLASSES
AN EXCELLENT
X-mas Gift
Get an order for George Mayerle's
Eyeglasses. These glasses are used
by the highest U. S. Army, Navy and
Government Officials, and many Emi-
nent Educators, Judges and Clergy-
men, because they are very restful
and soothing to the Eye and strength-
en Weak Eyes.
ADMIRAL~DEWEY
Who us«d George Mayerle's gUsaes durtnjr th»
Spanish-American war. and Is still astar tatm
with much satisfaction, highly recommends Mr.
George Mayerle, and sends the follawins testi-
monial:
Mr. Georgs Mayerle. Germaa Expert OpC-
claa. 1071 Market st.. S. F.— My r>ar Sir: I
am still usinr with much satisfaction ta«
glasses yon sent me at Manila; also. th« nnr
ones suit my eyea perfectly. Tours very truly.
GEORGE DEWET.
George "Mayerle,
German Expert Optician. Charter Memb«»
American Association of Opticians.
1071 MABXET STBEET. Saa rranelseo.
Opposite Hlbernia Rank. Telephone- South S73.
<a& GERMAN EYEWATER!
50C »r »an 630.
; Open Evenlay. ¦¦— --^
Singing Society Gives Concert.
The Harmonie Singing Society held Itm
twentieth annual festival and concert last
nlsht at Turner Hall. 333 Turk street Ths
concert was an excellent one and a lars*
audience greeted the efforts of the per-
formers with a great deal of applause.
Refreshments w»re served. After tn«
concert a dance was Indulged la by m»
assemhled crowd. *
AD VEBTISEM2NT3.
Oriental Goods
At Wholesale Prices
OT« Offtx Our Entire XUtr* Tta.* Col» ,
lectloa ot , ,
Oriental Rugs
AND CURTAINS j
At 25 Per Cent *
! oit count 'rom refftaar retail prl:«ju
We are sole asent^ for
JOHN C80SSLEY& SOYS
CELEBRATED ENGLISH CARPETS
Chas.M.PlDin&Co.!
t Cor. 9th and Market Sts. .
. ..' ¦ ¦ ¦ . - ¦:-!.• ¦¦—
SPECIAL VALUES
HOUSEKEEPING GOODS
• ; - ¦
This week we will have on sale EXTRA
VALUES in Lace Curtains, Down and Wool
Comforters, Lace Bed Sets, Battenberg and
fluny Tidies, Scarfs and Center Pieces,
Ta'pestry and Velour Table Covers, Couch
Covers, Portieres, White Blankets and Mar-
seilles Bed Spreads.
...SPECIALS....
ARABIAN end RENAISSANCE LACE CURTAINS, new
designs.. $300, $3.50, $4.50 and $6.00 Pair
TAPESTRY PORTIERES, figured and plain colors....
$3.50, $4.50 and $5.00 Palp
TAPESTRY TABLE COVERS, lull 2 nards sajuare, lat-
est colorings...., s $3.50 Bach
EIDERDOWN COMFORTERS with FpenGn sateen coier-
lng.... $4.50, $5.00, $6.00 and $7.50 Each
SILK and SATIN COVERED EIDERDOWN. and WOOL
COMFORTERS, loth plain and figured
.....$10.00 to $25.00 Each
FINE WHITE CALIFORNIA BLANKETS, fall size....
... $5.00, $6.00, $7.50 and $8.50 Each
FULL SIZE WHITE MARSEILLES BED SPREADS in
jrery handsome designs $2*75 Each
TKJ «r*^ T^ TT^ Orders by mall receive prompt attention.
1^1 V_-J A mHj All orders for samples or foods filled
===================== and shipped same day they are received.
lit, US, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREEL
ADVEE.TISEMENTS.
v' : iS gentlemen. We are specialists in that line; partic-
MMi^'h $$%£& boxed m a very noveI fashion and some right clever
$§MW McaS in NECKWEAR {or boxed in elegant
1^ ' '¦ '¦;i--^^^§^^#M^*^^^' «>5$r*S$4 sty * e * Things of the sort for gentlemen of taste,
"w'A'i l^tf^^"^^^-^; «A>. ' anything else shown in town. They are made novelly,
\^^^^^^^^SMf^^^^^^^^^^^^ they are trimmed in a novel fashion and their shape
-^^^^f^^^^^^^M^^^^^^^^^ and general get-tip are different from anything shown
1 1| . Gift Orders for Sale
I WzM ©^i3^J^P^I^P^^^P^ we wi^ p^ ace lX on our mai^ n^ st and will I
M 5ftSs^J5n&f fc^i^^^SS S send you a handsome Booklet enumerating . ::
-^jy^^^^^: \ such things as gentlemen generally fancy; ¦:
1- * " *>< "S* ¦ Ua3mm^atJim T^ ? ? ? ????????¦#??? • • # ?¦ • • • • • • • # # ? ?? # ? ? ? ?'? ? ? ? ? • # ? • • • ? O
ADVERTISEMENTS.Many Suspects Are
Questioned bye
Detectives.
AT an early hour this morning The Call established the identity of the burglar that was shot
§nd killed by Policeman James H. Smith' in Oakland. His name was Frank- J. Golden
stein. He did not come from the East, as vva^ supposed by thepoiice, but came to Oakland
from Southern California several weeks ago. His movements have been traced and it was ascer
tained that after leaving the southern part of the State Goldenstein came to San Francisco. • He
roomed for some time at a' lodging-house on Tenth street, and it is, supposed that he and his
"pal," who escaped, are responsible for numerous crimes committed in San Francisco and Oak
land during the last month. . .
POLICE WORK BLINDLY IN EFFORT
TO APPREHEND THE MURDERER OF
BRAVE POLICEMAN JAMES H. SMITH
HAVANA. Nov. 28.— The Senate:to
day passed the national lottery .bill by
a vote which is believed to indicate
that it will probably pass the measure
over President Palma's veto should he
disapprove It. The strongest oppo
nents of the bill were absent, from tor
day's sitting. /The measure as amend
ed directs that the lottery's functions
shall begin within . seventy days after
the law authorizing it is promulgated
and authorizes the President to issue
instructions and regulations for. the
carrying out of the lottery plan.
» ¦-¦ ¦¦
Friends of Measure Believe a Veto of
the President Will Be Un
availing.
LOTTERY BILL PASSES
THE CUBAN" SENATE
. LOUISVILLE. Colo., Nov. , 28.— The
miners of the Northern Colorado' coal
fields to-night voted; to return to work
oh the terms granted by the operators,
which embrace compliance with every
demand made by the_ unions. ; The
mines have beenvkept" In good condition
and work^will be ¦ started' on Monday.
It [ is estimated that 1270 'men will go to
work.
Northern Colorado Strike Ends.
Employes Accept Reduction.
PITTSBURG, Nov. 28.— The Dewees-
Wood plant at McKeesport will be
placed in full operation next week. The
men employed in the plate mill have
accepted a reduction of 30 per cent, and
others will ffo back to work at smaller
reductions, which take effect January
1. /Over 400 employes of the Demmler
tin plate works to-day agreed to accept
a 20 per cent reduction, and the plant
will again start up Sunday night. The
600 employes- of Independent tin
plate plant at Portvue have accepted a
20 per cent reduction, and that plant
will resume Monday morning.
SAN JOSE. Nov. 28.— Mrs. Peter Suz
zalo, who was run down by a scaven
ger wagon last evening at Third and
Santa Ciara streets, died to-night at
9:30 o'clock. The wheels passed over
her body, inflicting internal injuries.
She was the wife of a pioneer restau
rant man of this city and 62 years of
age. Professor^A. H. Suzzalo, former
ly, a member 'of the Stanford faculty
and assistant City Superintendent of
Schools of San Francisco but now at
Columbia University, Is a son.
Scavenger Causes Woman's Death.
Quigley took Saulsbury. to Captain
Martin's office, where, in answer to
questions, Saulsbury said that he own
ed a ranch at Walnut Grove and was
also the manager for Mrs. Lord's
ranch there. He had "bee;i stopping
with Mrs. Lord at 801 Twenty-first
street, Oakland.' since' last Monday and
they could verify his statement by tele
phoning to. her. , Mrs. Lord was called
up by telephone and she corroborated
Saulsbury's statement. Saulsbury was
at once released, with an apology from
Captain Martin.
.Quigley was asked when taken to
headquarters if he' had the murderous
burglar. ! He was ' non-committal, but
there was an exultant look on his face
that spoke volumes. He said he would
reserve any statement till he . took his
prisoner to Oakland. He went to lunch
and when he returned Saulsbury had
gone The most surprising thing about
Saulsbury's arrest is that he does not,
except as to height, answer, in any
way, th/; description of the flayer of
Smith. ' v
, H. E. fiaulsbury, a rancher from
Walnut Grove, spent an unpleasant
half hour at police headquarters yes
terday. He was crossing the bay from
Oakland to visit a commission house
and to purchase theater tickets, when,
to his surprise. Detective Quigley of
Oakland, who was on the boat on the
lookout for. the burglar who fatally
shot Policeman James H. Smith at
Fourteenth and Jackson streets, Oak
land, on Friday night, placed him un
der arrest. He asked Quigley what he
was wanted for and to his greater sur
prise was informed that it was for
murder.
Rancher of Walnut Grove Is Victim
of a Blunder.
ARREST INNOCENT MAN.
There ' is little * question but that the
men ; who were 'stopped - by Policeman
Smith were ; the ones who have : been
doing; some if not all of the work in
and about Oakland; for the last month.
There is every : indication that they
are- "porch I climbers," for the marks
upon the shoes and clothing of the
dead man^would indicate this. '.The
fact that the ; dead man was armed
with both revolver and knife -arid that
the* escaped ' man ¦ did not hesitate to
¦hoot ' show^ that^.they* were desperate
characters. ? Yet ; neither : of 'them could
have ¦ been more : , than * 22 years of age.
Both were ; mere boys. The one that
escaped ¦. with ¦ murder on his hands is
said , to have ; been about 21, * and estl-;
ma.t«a ", of j the . age"; of Ahe : ; one ' at. the
Morgue range from ' 19 i to .: 22 • years > or
WERE ACTIVE, THIEVES.
But the police are not naying much
attention to any of the clothing, marks,
and Chief of Police Hodgklns said, to
night: •
"We are not working upon the laun
dry; mark- or the clothing mark. They
don't amount to anything."
But while the name oh the underwear
is undoubtedly correct, the questions
the police are ti-ylng to solve are: r What
were his antecedents and what was his
record? . ,
One of the strange -features of the
case is the fact that several hundred
people from Oakland "and San Fran
cisco have viewed the remains of the
dead burglar without recognizing him.
Half of- the detective force of San
Francisco visited the Oakland Morgue
to-day, but not one; of them was able
to say that they knew the man or had
any clew to his identity. There was.
much speculation, but no information..
Some thought that they saw -in his
hands the indications -of: his . having
been a railroad -man. Others pointed
to the fact that j his • arms as far up
as the elbows, were sunburned as if he
had been working in a field with his
sleeves rolled up.
But there was. nothing .found upon
the body that would assist in unrav-'
eling the mystery save a little piece
of white tap* 1 on r his underwear bear
ing the name "Goldstein" in . indelible
Ink. There was also -the laundry mark
"H x IB." The clothing gave evi
dence that the maiTmight; have . come
from 'either New York or San Fran
cisco. The coat bore the mark, "A1-
fred Benjamin & Co., makers. New
York." The red and green sweater was
marked "J. J. Pflster Knitting Co., S.
F." This would indicate that the man
originally came from New York and
refitted In San' Francisco.
STRANGE FEATURES.
proceeds of that robbery In their pos
session.
;: "Almighty^Ood; has > seen fit to ; take
from' this earth' one : of the ¦ bravest of-
There was but one witness to the
shooting, and he was not . near enough
to be able to identify the man. He is
Walter Withers of 3935 Howe street.
He. had been delivering a parcel at the
residence of Charles ,E. Palmer, in front
of whose house the shooting occurred.
He says: .
j "When I came out of the house I saw
the two men coming along the side
walk,leading;.their-wheels. - They, were
stopped bythe policeman at the corner.
He asked them where they lived and
where they were going. .One. man said
that they. lived in the'southern part of
Oakland and that they were going orr
the other, side of the lake. The police
man said that he would have to arrest
them upon suspicion. One of the men
stepped back arid the firing began. I
don't know, who fired first." .
Out of respect to the memory of the
deceased policeman the /Police Court
adjourned to-day . after a resolution
commendatory of, the 'dead vman
had been presented by Prosecuting At
torney Abe Leach. Police' Judge Mor
timer Smith, '.brother^of the^dead "; of-'
flcer.-dld ,not . preside / to-day and 'his
place "was : taken . by; Justice of .the
Peace Qtilnn. ' : . '
At the opening of , the session Attor
ney. Leach," addressing the court.'said:;
One of the \ unfortunate conditions
that • surround this case is that there
is not a witness. to the shooting that
couM testify against the murderer. The
only man that was near enough to" the
men to be able to identify them was the
dead policeman, and he did all he could
to give "a" description of the escape to
his brother officers.'
age. But even .though they were lads
they were of the most desperate type.
The Oakland police are taking no
chances, and more men have seen the
interior of; the Oakland police station
against their will in the last twenty
four hours than ever before in the same
space of^time. Every man. that ap
proaches the description of the missing
burglar and murderer is stopped and
made to give an account of himself. If
that account is unsatisfactory or halt
ing he Is at once. escorted to the police
station and made to go into details. At
night the vigilance is doubly exerted,
and during last night and to-night fully
a dozen-. men. were taken to headquar
ters to prove their identity.'
The patrolmen of Oakland have been
given the strictest orders to stop every
body, particularly after dark, and the
man that refuses to stop when he is or
dered by a bluec'oat does so at the
risk of his life, for the police of Oakland
are in no mood. for trilling.
, WITNESSES. LACKING.
PHOTOGRAPHS SHOWING WHERE POLICEMAN J. H. SMITH DROP
PED DOWN FATALLY WOUNDED AND PLACE WHERE THE BODY
OF THE DEAD BURGLAR WAS FOUND. . y *
Then the watch' was put upon every
train, but it was nearly 10 o'clock *be
forethe description was In: the hands
of the police and the men stationed.
But it takes money < to make an* escape
by overland train, 'and the; liability of
such an escape depends upon how
much: money he had with Him at -the
time. His dead partner had but: $1 60,
but there is a fear in the hearts of the
Oakland police that he might have had
the fruits of t^eir thefts and that; this
might have en&C?ed him «toj get "away.
There is nothing to support this theory
except the belief that ¦ these ;¦ were ; the
men .that , robbed , the: Crellin.house .and
that they must have had some of the
- The first thing that -was , done after
the shooting was to guard against this
mode of escape, and all outgoing trains
were watehed. but this could /not be
done until a description was secured of
the man, and that description had to be
obtained from the dying police officer.
This description was given to :"" Police
Captain Petersen, who took the dying
man to^the. hospital. The young po
licemen, even though he was suffering
great agony, used all of his nerve and
energy to .tell the captain" Just what
was wanted, and the result was a fairly
accurate description.
Information Is to the effect that the
man with his wounded companion ran
down Fourteenth street. to Oak street,
and that when the.wounded man fell at
the corner of those streets he turned
down Oak street toward the local train.
It would have been easy for him to
board a local train and later take an
overland train at the mole and make
his escaped . : ' I
OAKLAND, Novr. 28. — The burglar
that killed Policeman James H. Smith
and who escaped last night after the
killing Is still. missing, the dead bur
glar is still unidentified though Viewed
by hundreds from Oakland and San
Francisco, and the mournful arrange
ments are being made for the funeral
of the brave young policeman who died
in the performance of his duty. These
are the results of the work of the day
following the duel in the dark that took
place on Jackson street last night. The
police of Oakland and San- Francisco
have been making unusual efforts to
locate the escaped man. as he, not the
dead burglar, caused the death of Po
liceman Smith.
People who think that they know the
dead man are beginning to appear, but
none of them have furnished anything
of any value as yet. L. Blodgett, a real
estate dealer in East Oakland, believes
that the man tried to buy property
from him yesterday, but the police
think that the men were hardly looking
for investments In real estate. Mary
Flnley thinks' that she gave the dead
man some food yesterday at 5 oclock,
bu$ when she described the man to
whem she had given the food it did not
tally with the dead man. in the least.
The escape had a considerable start
upon the officers and, though Captain
of Police Petcrsen at once threw out
on the trail all of the available men at
his command and Chief of Police Hodg
kins afterward put nearly every man
In the department upon duty at differ
ent points, he most have had fully half
an hour's handicap over the police.
EASY TO BOARD TRAIN".
fleers in the service, who was always
courteous and one whom we aU knew.
I therefore move that when court ad
journs to-day it do so out of respect to
the memory of Policeman James H.
Smith, who met his death while in the
discharge" of his duty." It was so or-
Wearing Apparel to Be Distributed.
The Needlework Guild of America, ban
Francisco Branch, held Its annual meet
ing yesterday at Miss West's school. 2014
Van" Ness avenue, where a large number
of friends, members -and directors were
Invited to inspect the garments about to
be given to charity. More than 12.000
pieces of wearing, apparel have been ob
tained by the San Francisco branch alone
for distribution and will be given out
within a day or two. The section presi
dents held a preliminary meeting on Fri
day and decided to what charities they
would make appropriations of garments.
Mists West is honorary president of the
guild and Mrs. Sidney Worth is presi
dent.
First Wife Now Asserts His
Divorce From Her ,
Was Illegal.
"The wife made no answer or appear
ance in the suit, her default was en
tered and on the 16th day of November,
1S57. the Court rendered its
Judgment granting Mr. Boyd an abso
lute divorce. Some six years later— In
June, 16£2 — Mr. Boyd married the pres-
"This contest, as we understand It,
prows out of these facts: In December,
1S41. the late Alexander Boyd, over
whose estate the controversy arises,
was married to Margaret Anderson, the
contestant here, at Philadelphia, Pa.,
and lived with her there until about
1S45 or 1S46. Mr. Boyd then followed
the trade of a carpenter, and in 1846,
with a view of bettering his condition,
he sold what little property he had and
turned the proceeds over to his wife,
except sufficient to pay his traveling
expenses, and leaving her in Philadel
phia, as she was then in delicate
health, went to Pensacola, Fla., where
]ie obtained employment at his trade
in the Government shipyards at better
v.ares than were obtainable in Phila
delphia. He lived there, until 1849,
when, gold being discovered in Califor
nia, he came directly to this State and
eventually settled in Sacramento.
9< A few months after leaving Phila
delphia he learned from his wife that
a son had been born to them and from
lime to time sent her means for her
support and that of their child, who
had been named Thomas W. Boyd.
BEFTJSED TO SOTS BHJSBA2TD.
"On several occasions after coming to
this State and during the first years of
his residence here Mr. Boyd requested
his wife to come to him and make their
home in California, offering to send her
the means to make the journey, but
she interposed objections and refused
to come. Thereafter. In 1836. from rela
tives in Philadelphia Mr. Boyd received
the information that bis wife had, in
June of that year, entered Into a second
marriage with one Henry Hollowbush
at Philadelphia and that she was then
living with him in that city. He imme
diately made investigation and ascer
tained that this information was cor
rect, and thereupon he at once com
menced an action against his wife for
divorce on the ground of adultery. This
action was brought in the old District
Court of the Sixth Judicial District at
Sacramento, and, the wife not being in
this State, the summons, as the law
required in such cases, was served by
publication and by sending a copy of
the summons and complaint by mail to
the wife at Philadelphia. Depositions
in the case were thereafter taken at
Philadelphia, and personal notice of the
taking «5f the depositions ' was served
upon Mrs. Boyd. as appears from the
affidavits on file In the case. These
depositions show that she had been
married to Hollowbush on the 11th day
of June, 1E36 — the marriage having: been
publicly solemnized at the Tenth Bap
tist Church in that city — and that she
was at the time of the taking of the
depositions Hying with Hollowbush as
his wife. ,
WIFE FAILED TO A2TSWER.
OBDZBS DEPOSITION TAKEN".
Probate Judge Coffey has issued an
order that the deposition of the alleged
widow- in Philadelphia be taken and
pending this the distribution of the es
tate is tied up.
Garret McEnerney and Judge C. Van
Fleet are counsel for the California
widow of Boyd. while Lloyd &. Wood
and Bishop, Wheeler &. Hoeffler repre-
Fcnt the woman in Philadelphia who
claims to be the legal widow of the de
ceased capitalist.
Van Fleet and McEnerney authorized
the Issuance of the following statement
covering the disputed facts in the case
of the estate of Boyd:
A peculiar circumstance in the case
is tha.t the first wife of Boyd. from
whom he secured a divorce in 1S57, has
fcince that time been the presumed
wife of Henry Hallowbush of Philadel
phia and until a few weeks ago she
took no steps to set aside the decree of
divorce secured by Boyd against her.
The woman, who for forty-seven
years has presumably been the wife of
Hallowbush, now comes forward and
declares that the divorce Boyd secured
from her is invalid on technical
grounds and she claims to be entitled
to c one-half of the estate of the dead
capitalist.
Boyd, who was declared incompetent
three years ago, left all his estate to
his widow and her two sons. The'wid
ow petitioned the Probate Court for a
distribution of the estate on September
2S last and a few days afterward the
first wife of Boyd filed an answer be
fore Judge CoiTey, claiming that she
was the legal widow of Boyd and en
titled to one-half of his estate.
The estate of the late capitalist,
Alexander Boyd, who died on February
& last, is the subject of a controversy
in which two women figure as widows,
each claiming a share of the vast prop
erty left by the deceased.
For Forty-Seven Year* the Alleged
ILelict Has Been Married
to Another Man in
Philadelphia.
Huntington's favorite nephew, Henry
Edwards Huntington, receives one
third of the shares of stock in the
Southern Pacific Company, which are
valued at $4,331,659, together with a
share of the residuary estate, placed
at $4,888,074, making his total interest
in the estate $9,239,734.
Princess Hatzfeldt's bequest Is s. life
estate in $l,000.000 f free from the con
trol of her husband, and Archer Milton
Huntington's Interests are placed at
$404,000, he having a contingent Interest
In the Fifty-seventh street and Fifth
avenue residence on the death of Mrs.
Huntington. In case neither himself
nor any of his children survive' her, this
property is to go to Yale College.
There Is an absolute bequest of $250,
000 to Archer M. Huntington.
The Union Trust Company is trustee
of the several trusts that are estab
lished for relatives by the terras of the
will. The widow receives a life inter
est in the property at Fifth avenue and
Fifty-seventh street, together with its
contents; a bequest of a $500,000 sham
in the residuary estate and two-thirds
of the stock in the Southern Pacific
Company, held by her husband at the
time of his death. This two-thirds
share is valued at $8,703,318 and her
interest in the estate is placed at $15,
025,139.
Huntington had a fine collection • of.
paintings, not only In this city, but also
in his San Francisco art gallery, and
this eventually, In accordance with the
terms of the will, is to go to the Metro
politan Museum of Art on the death
of his wife and son.
Huntington's real estate holdings in
New York are valued at $1,796,225; per
sonal estate, including railroad stocks,
etc., $26,505,540. His principal railroad
holdings were Galveston, Harrisburg
and San Antonio bonds, $19,229,220,
and Southern Pacific stock, $13,054,973.
The executors named In the will are
Arabella D. Huntington (widow),
Charles H. Tweed and Isaac E. Gates.
BULK OF ESTATE FOB WIDOW.
Although the decedent's widow, Ara
bella D. Huntington, and his nephew.
Henry Edwards Huntington, are his
principal legatees under the will, his
adopted ' daughter, Clara Elizabeth
(Princess Hatzfeldt). who was Clara
Elizabeth Prentiss, daughter of a poor
San Francisco grocer; his adopted son.
Archer Milton Huntington, and other
relatives were well provided for.
One of the principal items In an es
tate of this magnitude Is the amount of
commissions that the three executors
will receive, which is placed at $r,063,
407.
EXECTJTOBS GET A . MILLION".
The personal estate is reduced by
debts, claims, expenses and other ex
penses to $26,505,540.
Russell Sage, who knew something
about Huntington and his large inter
ests, placed the value of his properties
at between $20,000,000 and J30.000.000.
and his estimate Is nearer the correct
figures than any made. It is shown by
the appraisement that Huntington left
a gross personal estate of $35,594,586 In
this State and gross real estate of $1,
796,223.
It shows that the . estimates made
within a short time after. Huntington's
death, placing the valuation of - hl3
properties as high as ' $70,000,000 and
even *SO,000,000, were entirely inaccu
rate and very much greater than the
actual value.
NEW YORK, Nov. 23.— Great secrecy
has been observed ever since the death
of Collis • P. Hnritington to » keep* a
knowledge of the exact, condition of
his estate from the public. ¦ While this
effort has met with success" for sqme
months, the appraisement of **tfa« es
tate has al' last" been ascertained and
is now published for the : first time.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Decedent's Widow and His Favorita
Nephew, Henry E. Huntington,
Get the Bulk of the
Great Fortune. « •
Executors Receive as Com
missions More Than a
Million Dollars.
"The present claim of Mrs. Hollow
bush, now put forward by her since
Mr, Boyd's death for the first time, is
as vre understand it, based solely upon
the ground that by reason of certain
alleged defects of purely a technical
nature in the divorce proceedings at
Sacramento, that decree of divorce Is
void, and that as a result Mr. Boyd
was never legally divorced from her;
that as a result she is in law his widow,
and entitled as such to take, as com
munity property, one-half of all the
large amount of property accumulated
by Mr. Boyd during the intervening
years, while she has been living with
her second husband, Hollowbush.
The widow of Mr. Boyd, to whom the
estate has been largely left, does not
apprehend ' any real difficulty in de-.
featlng any such cla«m."
According to the inventory of the
Executors of the ' estate of the late
Alexander Boyd he was possessed at
the time of, his death of the following
property:
Lot in block bounded by California,
Market and Drumm Ftreeta '..% 165,000 00
Corner of Market and Front streets 300*000 00
Corner of Pine and Battery streets. 100,' 000 00
55 feet and 10 Inches on Front
street, south of Pine 120 000 00
Lot on Battery street, south of Cal- . -~
If ornla 00,000 00
Front street, south of Pino 93,500 00
Comer of Battery and California ,
-etreets • 125,000 00
Northerly line of California, west
of Drumm street ¦ 143,000 00
Smaller pieces of property 1;225 tit
Total ';... $1.149. 725 C4
CLAIM IS TECHNICAL ONE.
ent Mrs. Boyd, formerly Miss Jean Mc-
Gregor of Sacramento, by whom he had
two sons, George D. Boyd and Henry
SL Clair Boyd. Shortly after his sec
ond marriage Mr. Boyd removed to San
Francisco, where he and his family
continued to reside until Mr. Boyd's
death. In February last, and where his
widow and her two sons still reside.
"After his second marriage Mr. Boyd
sent for his son by his first wife,
Thomas W. Boyd, then a lad, and
reared and educated him in his home
here. This son subsequently married
and at his death left a widow and two
children, for whom Mr. Boyd made
provision in his will. /'"'
"During the forty-six years between
the entry of the decree of divorce from
his first wife and the death of Mr.
Boyd, his former wife took no proceed
ings to set aside the decree of divorce,
and • did not In any way question
its validity, but \ continued to live
and, as we are informed, has ever since
been living, with her second husband,
Hollowbueh.
Alexander Garnett, the man who killed
Major McClung in the apartments of
Mrs. Coit at the Palace Hotel last Wed
nesday night, presented a pitiful ap
pearance in Judge Fritz's courtroom
yesterday morning. He was very pale
and showed the effects of worry and
imprisonment. He sat beside William
H. Alford, his counsel, and manifested
keen interest in the proceedings. The
courtroom was crowded.
Attorney Alford was unprepared, as
he had been engaged by the defendant
at midnight. He was anxious to obtain
a postponement. Judge Fritz took the
case up as soon as he opened court. As
soon as he called the case of the people
vs. Garnett, counsel for the prisoner
made his motion for a continuance. He
based it on the ground that neither the
police nor any one else had filed a com
plaint against his client Mr. Alford
further stated that he deeired to con
sult Mr. Garnett and arrartge his de
fense. He therefore asked that the
case go over until next Tuesday. .
Judge Fritz looked over his calendar
and agreed to the request. Garnett
gave a sigh of relief as he left the
courtroom. He was taken upstairs and
lodged in the City Prison.
Detective Ryan was detailed by Chief
of Detectives Martin to call upon Mrs.
McClung and ask her to swear to a
complaint charging Alexander Garnett
with the murder of Major McClung.
Owing to the funeral yesterday Detec
tive Ryan was unable to see the widow.
An effort will be made to have Mrs.
Coit swear to the complaint. If both
women refuse to do so, the Police De
partment will take the initiative.
Mrs. Coit is still confined to her room
at the Palace Hotel and is unable to
see any one. She is highly nervous and
has slept very little since the terrible
tragedy. Physicians are In constant
attendance.
Major McClung's body was cremated
yesterday afternoon. The funeral was
private, only the immediate relatives
of the deceased being present. Rev. F.
W. Clampett. rector of Trinity Church,
officiated.
Lynch, his uncle and a friend imme
diately oi^sniixd themselves into u t>€
tcctive brigade and started t3 hv.nt the
thief. They caught sight of him Friday
but. before they could call an ufilcor he
mat!.' his es-otne.. Last night «h?/ san
hlni or. l"ddy street near Powell, and
with the assistance" of the two officers
Lynclvouught nim. Imring the rile in
the patrol wagon Chord made a confes
sion. nvA te&S«d the cqmplalnSng.wit
nefc?'".tn:\doV¦•with him' lieht'y'., ;Ho' if
supp<set ! t.o;be an oldc-ffe'ndtif. " . -..";
Walter M. Chord, who gave his occu
pation . as a blacksmith, was arrested
last evening by Policemen Cullinane
and O'Connell and charged with bur
glary at the Central police station- The
complaint against him was made by"
Oran Lynch, a student residing at 200
Turk street. Chord confessed to the
crime and pleads intoxication, although
such a defense is not consistent with
the facts of the case.
Chord entered young Lynch's /oora
last Sunday. He toc-k a clock and an
overcoat containing a bankbook show
ing $430 to young Lynch's credit In the
Hibernian Bank. On Monday the thief
appeared at the bank and attempted to
draw $295, but his suspicious' actions
were ..noted by the paying teller, who
refused to make the payment and took
up the. book. When Lynch came to the
bank later, he was informed of the oc
currence and made a report to the po
lice immediately. . .,'- ' ¦;.
Early Monday morning, after •com
mitting the crime. Chord visited Lynch
In his room and asked him ; If his: over-'
coat was missing. • Lynch was sur
prised to find that such was the case,
but the burglar put his fears at rest by
informing him that his uncle, Thomas
King, had taken it on the previous aft
ernoon. It appears that Chord met
King on Sunday afternoon near Lynch's
room, struck up an acquaintance and
learner! the maiden name of Lvnch's
mother, which information he used in
the attempt to draw money on the
bankbook next day. Chard's object In
telling Lynch that his uncle had the
cotit was to prevent him from making a
complaint to the police before he had
an cppoituijily oi producing the book
at the bank.
Alexander "BoycTs Es
tate Is the Subject
of Controversy.
Major McClung's Widow Is
Asked to Swear to
Complaint.
Value of Estate Left
by Railroad King
$37,000,000.
Walter M.. Chord Attempts to
Realiz9 on a Stolen
*':': Bank Bock.
Attorney Alford Asks
Time to Prepare a
Defense.
• • * _ > •
Student Piays Detective
and Lands Burglar
in Prison.
CUNNING THIEF
NEATLY CAUGHT
CLAIMS SHE
IS WIDOW OF
CAPITALIST
GARNETT CASE
IS POSTPONED
HUNTINGTON
PROPERTY IS
APPRAISED
Pages 35 to 48
Pages 35~to 48
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 29, 1903.
Dead Burglar Identi
* fied as F. J. Gol
denstein.Special Dispatch to The Call.
SOLOMONVILLE, Ariz., Nov. 28.—
The Graham County authorities have
just been advised of a fight on Eagle
Creek, In which three ranchers put a
sudden stop to the career of two cow
thieves and outlaws, members of the
gang that makes its headquarters In
the Blue River, country. .
Ben Parks, Sid Henry and George
Felshaw, all of whom have ranches in
the remote. Eagle Creek country, had
been for a long time annoyed by the
Iosb of cattle. They easily traced the
stealing to members of the Blue River
band and. set a trap to catch, them on
their next raid.
Parks saw fresh .tracks along the
Blue River trail and before' night he
had summoned Henry and ' Felshaw.
Together they laid in wait for the out
laws. In the early % evening, two men
who had just killed *a beef belonging to
Parks, stopped ' near where the three
men were in hiding, built a flre and
began to cook supper. . .
At an opportune moment Parks step
ped out and commanded them to sur
render. Instead of complying, they
made a rush for. their rifles and the
two men in the bushes opened flre,
killing. one of thenYand so dangerous
ly wounding the other that he will die..
The ranchers will hardly be prose
cuted for taking the law into their, own
hands, as .the authorities, expect the
killing -will prove a lesson to all of the
Blue River outlaws! who venture on
raids into the surrounding range coun
try.- . .1 ' :.;' ;.-.•.¦,. .
WABHINOTON". Nov.»2S.— BocMttry Moody
has decided to have <one or ' more ' vei«*la of
the United State* -navy at New Orleann to
take part Intho celebration of .the centennial
of the purchaio of the I<oulalana territory next
month. France ami Bpaln • will, It U .-ex
pected,: each be represented by a modern man-
Of.WBP.
WILL FLASH GREETINGS
TO ALL THE WOBLD
WASHINGTON, Nov. 28.— The offlclals
of the Naval Observatory are arranging
to send a New Year's greeting: from
Washington to all the countries of the
civilized world by the employment of a
series of signals to all points to mark
the exact second of the beginning of the
new year. A similar plan was employed
succersf ully last year in the case of the
United States, and it Is now intended to
extend the Eervice this year to cover* the
continent of North and . South America,
the- distant insular possessions of the
United State and all points In the " world
having the necessary cable and tele
graphic connections, in caae the ' co-op
eration of foreign governments can be se
cured; of which there is scarcely a doubt.
Last year the receipt of the midnight slg
nals was accurately"' timed at the Lick
Observatory in , California, and it was
found ' that it' took only six - one-hun
dredtha of a second in transmission from
Washlnetop
Butler and Knell Pitch Great Ball in
Capital City.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 2S.— The Sen
ators defeated the Portland Browns In
one of the fastest played games of the
season in this city. Butler was simply
startling in his delivery and save for a
couple of doubles by Eagan and a
scratch by Keefe, never allowed a hit.
Phil Knell was also twirling wonderful
ball, and kept the hits so well scattered
that the Browns could not score. Their
only run was made on an error. The
score:
Sacramento— I Portland —
AB. R. H. P.A.I AB. R. H. P.A.
Doyle.lb. 3 0 0 8 1 VBrn.cf. 4 113 0
Hlldnd.lf 10 0 2 0 Fremn.lb 4 0 0 12 1
McLhn.cf 4 0 0 2 OJBlake.rf. 3 0 110
Cajwy.2b. 4 0 0 & 3IAndsn.2b 3 O 1 3 4
Eagan.s. 4 12 2 2 Hlgwrh.tt 4 0 0 2 0
8hehn,3b 10 0 2 2 Ndeau.lf. 3 0 1 O C
Keefe. rf. .'J 1 1 1 .: o!Frncls,3b 4 0 0 0 3
Hogan.c. 2 0 0 4 <• Shea.i-. .. 4 0 15 3
Knell. p. 3 0 0 12 Butler.p. 4 0 0 .1 3
Totals 25 2 3 27 10 Total's 33 1 6 27 14
RUNS AND HITS BY INNIXGS.
Sacramento 0 00 O 0 0 2 0 0 — 2
Base hits 0 1 0 0 0 0-20 0 — 3
Portland 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 0—1
Base hits 0 0 0 2 0 110 1—5
SUMMARY.
Stolen base — McLaughlin. Errors — Sheehan,
Knell. Francis. Shea. Two-base hits— Eagan
2. Sacriflce hits— Hildebrand. Sheehan. Ho
gan. Klret base on errors — Sacramento 2.
Portland 2. Flret base on called balls — Off
Knell 3. oft Butler 8. Left on bases — Sacra
mento 4. Portland 8. Struck out— By Knell 1,
by Butler 3. Double play — Casey to Eacan to
Doyle. Time of game — One hour and 30 min
utes. Umpire — Levy. _ .
COURSE IS SELECTED
FOB BENNETT CUP RACE
German Automobile Club Officials
Select Road Through a Pictur
esque Region.
BERLIN, Nov. 28.— The German Au
tomobile Club decided unanimously to
night to hold the race for the James
Gordon Bennett cup next year over a
course from Saalburg to Limburg,
thence to Ober, Ursel and to Saalburg.
This action was taken after a commis;
sion appointed for that purpose had ex
amined the course In connection with
prominent foreign automobtlists. The
route of the race leads through a pic
turesque region with wooded hills.
There are many quite steep grades,
which will require the use of the best
brakes and mechanism for quick
change of speed.
The race will be run In June or July.
Elaborate arrangements for the safety
of the public and the protection of the
racers will be made. The club counts
with certainty upon obtaining* the per
mission of the authorities to use the
course selected by the experts. There
will be many foreign competitors, ac
ceptances being already in. hand from
France. Italy, England, Holland, Bel
gium and Germany. The club expects
American automobilists to take part in
the race, though no one has yet accept
ed the invitation. '.-' >\
Football Flayer Is Reinstated.
CHICAGO. Nov. 28.— The faculty rep
resentatives of the "big nine" . colleges
to-day reinstated in good > amateur
standing Earl Schrleber of the Wiscon
sin football team. He was debarred by
the "Wisconsin faculty two , years ago
for alleged infringement of the confer
ence rules. The conference' decided to
request the appointment of Coach A.
A. Stagg of Chicago j as a member of
the committee on rules to represent the
Western colleges. At the present the
committee Is composed entirely of East
ern men.
ST. PETERSBURG. Nov. 28.— John W. Rid
dle, recently secretary of : tae United State*
Embassy here, who has been appointed Consul
General at Cairo, Egypt, started to-day lor the
United States. , j ,
STOCKTON CURBS
SALOON KEEPERS
Owing to the sodden condition of the'
green and the Importance of the match,
the finals of the Scottish bowling tour
nament were not played yesterday at
Golden Gate Park. James Gray and J.
C. Moffat. the contestants, were ready
for the fray, but decided they could not
fairly test their skill on wet rinks. The
match will be played next Saturday if
the weather permits.
A number of the b^st players put in
the afternoon at practice, and some
good games were enjoyed, by both the
players and the spectators. James P.
Taylor and J. McLachlan played a close
game with H. L. Tickner and D. Dal-
RANCHERS KILL
THE COW THIEVES
ziel. The match^was exciting from start
to finish and finally went to Taylor and
McLachlan by a. score' of 21 to IS. J. M.
Duncan and' R.- DaJziel beat George
Patterson and 'Joseph Gray by" a score
of 21 to 15.' "James Gray and M. L.
Crowe proved: a'trifle too strong for J.
C. MofTat and 'A.'" Foreman. The score
was 21 to 18. "Another close game was
that between Dr. Gunn and J. "W. Stott
and A. Rannie and' Robert Park. Gunn
and Stott bowled cleverly toward the
end and won, 21 to 18. . l
The Oakland bowlers are anxious for
another match- with' the Sail Francisco
players, and have challenged them to
play at Oakland on Christmas day.
The challenge has been accepted by the
local bowlers. ¦ • . •
INDIANAPOLIS. Nov. 2S.— A. W. Hastings,
conductor of the Big Four work train that
.collided with a freight train last week, kill-
Ing nt-arly a score of men una . Injuring fcur
teen^ was arrested to-day by th* Shertflf of
Taiewell County. II!.. In which county the
¦^rrck occurred. ?. ,
FAST GAME FOB SENATORS.
TWO BOWLERS WHO ARE AWAITING A FAVORABLE OPPORTUNITY TO PLAY THE DECIDING MATCH IN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CLUB TOURNAMENT AND A CLUB MEMBER WHO SHOWED TO ADVANTAGE
YESTERDAY IN A DOUBLES MATCH: A • ,. ;»
PITTPBURG. Nov. 28— It was officially an
r"unoe<i to-day that the Independent Window
Ola-w Company, one of the three leading glass
manufacturers* ' association*, has been dis
solved, lloft cf the members are preparing
to enter the r.ew combination now being
fi-nr.e<5.
BOSTON. Nov. 28.— Chief Watts of
the Bureau of Criminal Investigation
said to-day that he had identified
George Murphy, who was sentenced in
Newton yesterday to serve ten month3
for obtaining "money tinder false pre
tenses, as Dominic Kllloran, brother of
Joe Killoran, who is charged with steal
ing $2,000,000 from Paris banks. The
identification is^regarded by the police
as important, because they assert that
Dominia Kllloran received $200,000 'of
the stolen money. ,--
An Important Identification.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Nov. 2S.—Re
markable measures are being taken for
the safety of the Sultan, whose fear of
assassination has grown until It
amounts to a mania. The night guards
have been doubled, as it is believed
that any attack on his life which may
be contemplated will be attempted at
night. ¦
Sultan in Terror.
CHICAGO. Nov. 2S. — It is learned
here that the University of Michigan
football team will take another trip to
the Pacific Coast during the Christmas
vacation. Coach Yost and Captain Red
den will return soon from the East and
the team will be kept in condition for
the games to be played with California
and Stanford. The Michigan men do
not regard these as season games, but
merely as exhibition games.
Michigan Eleven to Play Here
SUMMARY
'Stolen base — Lumley. Errors — Hoy <2). Ray
mond <2). Janslng. Two-base hits — C. Smith.
J. Smith. Dillon. First base on errors — Los
Angeles", 1 ; Seattle. 4. First base on balls — Off
Hall. 1; off Hughes. 2. Left on bases — Los
Angeles, 5; Seattle. JO. Struck out — By Hall
2; by Hughes. 3. Double play— Mohler to
Dolan to Brashear. Sacrifice hits — Cravath.
Byers. Hit by pitcher — Mohler. Lumley. Time
of game — 1 hour and 40 minutes. Umpire —
McDonald.
Totals. 30 1 4 27 12- Totals. 35 *3 7 27 13
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Lou Angelas 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0—1
Base hits 2 0 1 0 0 10 0 0 1
Seattle 2 O O 0 1 0 0 0 0—3
Base hits :% l n l l o 0 1 0 7
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 28.— The experi
ment of trying a new second baseman,
a young amateur named Head from
Santa Ana. lost Los Angeles to-day's
game and gave Seattle the first she
has won of this series. An equally po
tent reason for the result of the game
was the excellent work Hughes did in
the box. Los Angeles could do nothing
with his delivery except to make four
hits. Hughes also put up a good field
ing game, making two put-outs and
three assists.
Seattle commenced doing things to
the home team in the first inning. Lum
ley singled and* stole second. Mohler
went out on a fly to catcher. C. Smith
hit to left, scoring Lumley, and reached
second on a bad throw. Then Brashear
hit a little one which Head, the new
second baseman, let pass him and
Smith scored. In the fifth inning C.
Smith made a two-bagger and Bra
shear drove one to short, which Ray
mond missed. Smith scored. This end
er Seattle's run-getting.
The one run made by Los Angeles
was the result of two two-base hits
made in succession by J. Smith and
Dillon, respectively. At all other pe
riods of the game Los Angeles never
got a man past second base. The
score :
Los Angelee — . Seattle —
AB. R. H. P.A AB. R.'H. P.A.
Hoy. cf . . 4 0 1 3 0 Lmley.cf 4 12 0 0
Head. Sb 4 U O 1 ." Mh!er,2b 4 0 0 3 2
JSmth.Sb 4 112 2 CHmth.rf 5 2 2 2 d
Dillon.lb 3 0 2 7 2 Urs-hr.ib 5 0 1 10 3
CravUi.rf 2 0 0 6 0 Zinssr.lf 4 0 0 2 0
Robs. If. 4 0 Q 1 0jJnsng.3b 4 0 0 4 1
Rymnd.s 3 «¦ O 2 alDolan. s. 3 0 1 1 4
Eager, c 3 O 0 .1 1 1 Dyers, c. 2 O 1 3 0
Hall. p.. 3 0 0 0 liHugheftp4 0 0 2 3
PHILADELPHIA. Nov. 23.— In one of
the most tiresome and uninteresting
football games ever witnessed on
Frunklin Field, the West Point eleven
defeated Annapolis to-day, 40 to 5. Two.
miserable fumbles in rapid succession
gave the navy their only score.. As a
football game It was a dismal failure,
but as a society function It was a glo
rious success.
Seated In boxes around the field were
Secretary Root, Secretary Moody, Lieu
tenant General Young, Major General
and Airs. Chaffee. Assistant Secretary,
of the Navy Darling. Admiral Tayldr of
the Bureau of Navigation, Colonel
Mills, Superintendent of West Point;
Superintendent Brownson of the Naval
Academy, Major General Brooke, Gen
eral Miles, Major General Corbin and
Mrs. Corbin, and many other persons
prominent in army and naval circles.
The army occupied the south stand and
the navy the 'north stand. During the
intermission between the halves Sec
retary Root and General Chaffee cross
ed the field to the navy's side and were
given a warm reception by the cadets
In the center section.
Every seat In the immense grand
stand was occupied long before play
began, but the only persons who re
mained particularly interested, in the
game were the students from two
colleges. It grew so dark before the
close of the game that It was almost
Impossible to distinguish the two teams
and no effort was made to name the
players carrying the ball. The teams
lined up: .. '
West Point. Positions. Annapolis.
Hammond L. E Howard
Thompeon-Doe L. T Dob^rty
Riley L. G Chambers-Smith
Ttpton Center Rees
Mottler R. O Oak-McConneM
Graves- Glasson R. T Grandy-Pieraoti
Rockwell-GUlespie. R. E Soule- Whiting
Hackett ner. Strassburg- Wilcox
Hill L. II ....Root-Dowell
Farnsworth-Prince. H. H . . Decker-Strassburger
Davis Fullback Halscy
The greyhounds running at Ingleside
Coursing Park encountered severe run
ning again yesterday in the run-down
of the open stake.- The appearance of
the succulent young grass on the field
made no difference in the speed of the
hares. One minute courses were the
rule and many hares made good their
escape from the tired hounds.
The winning dogs which ran two
minutes and upward were: Pure Pearl.
Belfast. Reckless Acrobat, Rock and
Rye and Adonis. There weje the usual
number of surprises in the betting, al
though the favorites generally per
formed well. The results in detail;
with Judge Thomas Tierney's official
scores, follow:
Dorothy M beat Firm Fellow, 11-7; LoretU
beat Monbells. 10-7; Slsklycu beat Dartaway.
11-4: Little Plunuer beat Gold Lily. 10-7; Linda
Vista beiit Boots, 15-7; Equator beat Yellow- 1
tall, l!>-7: Adjnia beat Mell'.nwood. 14-10; Do
reen beat Maid of the Glen. 14-9; Orsina beat
Yankee Boy, 7-4; Pasha 1'leadant beat Bril
liancy. 4-2; Free Born beat Remisso Aalmo,
10-«; The Referee beat Black Coon. 7-5: So
fal.a beat Free from Flaw. 11-3; Ruby Sankey
beat Jerry tVrlgrht. H-5; Nlobe beat Tralea
Lass. 8-0; Liberator beat Cloverdale. 4-1; Con
roy beat Shadow. JM; Laughing Water beat
High Horn. 15-3: Silver Cloud beat Young
Fearless, »-3; Rose Tree beat Doc Burns, tt-4:
Jingle Bells a bye. Master Clalr withdrawn;
Rock and Rye beat Pepper Hill. 9-7; Colored
I-iJy bent Reta S. 4-2; Bonn!* Hughie beat
Cremrf. 5-4; Renegade Apache beat Little Lucy.
11-1: Meddlesome beat Ragged Actor. 10^7:
Queen's Motto beat Miss Green. 14-7; Lulu
Girl beat Hurry On. 22-4; Duhallow beat Klt
tleman. 5-0; Don Pedro beat .Articulate. ?<-2:
Haphazard beat • Advance Guard. 15-7; Yotin?
Klamath beat Good Decision, 4-3; Comiqu*
beat Daylight. 13-5; Clobefell beat Little Sis
ter. 10-8; Special beat Irvington Tralee. £>-«;
Menlo Prince beat Sltevenamon. 8-2: Glaucus
heat Lord Granard. 7-2: Northern Alarm beat
"Wedgewood. 6-5; Roy Hughie beat Luxury.
4-0; Old Ironside* a bye. Braw's Hill with
drawn; Mollie Me beat Jimmy Anthony. 9-7;
Otto beat Rural Artist. H-7; White Stocking*
beat General Dewet. 12-9: Agitator twat An
chor. 5-4; Reckles9 Acrobat beat Money Musk.
13-11: Ragtime beat T"na. 3-O; Belfast beat
Idleness. 11-9; Pure Pearl beat Prcmeth*us.
16-5.
Same Pairs Will Take
Fart in Match Play
Rounds.
The livinc-rooms of the San Fran
cisco Golf Club were an unusual air of
eayety yesterday ' afternoon. The sil
very laughter of ladies and the tinkle
of teacups mingled with the harsher
tones of men's voices and the clink of
ice in long glasses. The occasion was
the holding of handicap mixed four
somes in which eight pairs of players
took part, the prizes being captured by
Miss Alice Haprer and H. M. Hoyt. Miss
E. Chesebrouzh and J. A. Folger were
a. good second, but the scratch players
caire at the bottom of the list.
The full scores are given in the table:
SAN FKANCISOO OOLF CLUB— MIXED
rOUKPOMES.
pairs. "ijrl
: |i|:'
Mis* A'.lce Harcr-H. M. Hoyt \ W, 6; 00
Mis* K. CheHfbroueh-J. A. Folder., j 1*5; 3; O!
Mrs. Leroy Xickel-R. P. Gir\ in ill Jits, V-i
Mins Morran-H. A. Blackman ,112 18104
Mr* R Gllmar. Brown-Il. G. Brown, 1O>>. 3- »7
1>t. and Mrs. J. It. Clark jlOOj o;io<}
HIM A. Hcffman-J. W. Byrne 1106. 0 10"
Un, e. 6. Miller-S. h.. Abbot 103i 0;10G
The event was found so pleasant that
it is proposed to hold a similar tourna
ment at match play. The participants
will be the eipht couples who took part
in yesterday's medal play contest. The
first rour.d will be played on Wednes
day afternoon. Couples who are unable
to play on that day will be allowed two
or three days in which to complete the
opening round.
Hughes Pitches a Great Game
fcr the Successful
Team
Belfast, Reckless Acrobat,
Hock and Rye Are Well
Tried Out.
Society Graces the Struggla
on Franklin Field in
Numbers.'
Miss Hager and H. M.
Hoyt Win Handicap
Foursomes.
Hares at Ingleside Ara
Still in Good Con
dition.
Try a New Second Base
man and Lose to
Seattle.
Annual Football Game
Between Army and
Navy Is Dreary.
Practice Games Prove Interesting to Both Participants and Spec
tators on the Green of the San Francisco Club in Golden Gate
Park— Oakland Team to Play Return Match on Christmas Day
EIGHT COUPLES
ON CITY LINKS
ANGELS SUFFER
FIRST DEFEAT
GREYHOUNDS FIND
RUINING HARD
SODDEN RINKS PREVENT BOWLERS
FROM PLAYING TOURNAMENT MATCH
ANNAPOLIS LOSES
TO WEST POINT
SPORTS OF THE LINKS, THE DIAMOND AND THE GRIDIRON FIELD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 29, 1903.
Mayor Signs Ordinance
Limiting Beverage
Purveyors.
Two Outlaws LoseLives
After a Raid in
Arizona.
Desparadce3 in the Blue
River Region Taught
a Lesson.
Belated San Joaquin Folk
Must Go Thirsty After
One O'clock.
Special Dispatch to Tb» Call,
STOCKTON, Nov. 28.— Mayor Wil
liams to-day signed the new saloon
restriction ordinance, which provides
for a reduction of the number of
saloons to eighty and the separation of
groceries and bars. •
All saloons will close at 1 o'clock to
morrow morning and every morning
thereafter and will remain closed un
til B o'clock the same morning. No
saloon may have an entrance that does
not open directly into the barroom
proper. No saloon may have a box or
back room that does not open directly
into the barroom. Dumb waiters are
prohibited.
Saloons in connection with hotels
may retain the doors loading from the
hotel to the saloon, providing the doors
open directly into the barroom.
36
Every sufferer from Catarrh dreads the coming of winter, for with the first breath of
the- frost-king this miserable disorder is fanned into life and renewed activity, and all the
disgusting symptoms come back. With every fresh cold the temperature begins to rise,
the skin becomes hot and dry, the head aches almost to the point of bursting, the eyes are
inflamed and red- the nostrils are stopped up, and the mucus discharges, at first thin and
v watery, gradually become thicker and yellow and often exceedingly offensive. The throat
and all the inner passages and cavities of the head are irritated by the acrid secretions,
resulting in loss of smell and deafness, and injury to
the soft bones of the cheek and nose, while the voice no one could have been worse.
loses its natural tone and has a harsh, raspings unnat- u^^'^^ STSJa^x^
Ural SOUnd. *Vorse. I tried everything I could hear of.
But, if nofarrested, Catarrh doesn't stop here ; the l ™££E£f&
mUCOUS poison passing from the throat into the StOni- first bottle, and after taking it a short while
ach and bowels is taken up by the blood and distributed ~ a n££ to '2£ XZ^mSZ** as °* "* X
through the system, and the Liver, Kidneys, Stomach, i think catarrh is a blood disease, and
Bladder and all other parts of the body become infected, SS5 «S £ bl*"*SS%*SSSS^S-
and the disease which was considered so harmless and s. s. s., than i do.
simple in the beginning has become constitutional, far- L&peer, M toh. m. matson.
reaching and serious. Catarrh must be treated through FELT LIKE A NEW MAN#
the blood, for it is a systemic disorder, a taint in the i take pleasure in commending your s. s. s.
blood, thar inhalations, washes, powders and salves
cannot reach, and those who have tried them know the iy used some dozen bottles of it and the ef-
effects are only temporary, that as soon aswinter comes £yjS»,£ T£'£*££Sfii,'3££*
with its cold rains, heavy fogs and chilling Winds, and renovated It. I had Catarrh of the nose
it brings back Catarrh, and sweeps away all the good jSJ^^SfiSSSS&S: «
that a long and faithful USe Ot local remedies 'has the same time it built up my general health.
-^^«,«1,'Aa/1 It Increased my strength and vigor, improv-
accomplished. # ¦ .-, - ed my appetl / et sh0TU when i got
To reach inflamed membranes, check excessive through \rith your medicine i felt like a dif-
secretions of mnens and cleanse the feverish Wood, f '^^^, Tlil . Av J^ MES
requires. an internal remedy—- one that enters into the 27th ward, s. s.
circulation and drives out the catarrhal matter, and just
such a medicine S. S. S. has proven itself to be. It has been tested too often during the 40
years of its existence. to need. further proof of its efficacy. To attempt a cure alone with
local remedies is an unending . task, for it is impossible to check with douches, inhalers or
i _^ other local means the streams of mucus and catarrhal
a^^-a?V a4^^^^^ J^^Z^\ poison continually flowing into the blood. S. S. S. has
[fa "" [ JB^" 1 "^! [ti^ '^i no eqiiaV as a blood purifier and tonic. This great veg-
V^^*»w -X^^^sk- ¦ etable^ remedy goes into the circulation, reaching all
-/^^^i P ar ts of the system, removing the foul , secretions and
r^iJ^J fSjL-*^ 3 [S-— * 3 thoroughly cleansing and purifying the blood, and at
Viiiss,,,.^^ '^^^^^. "the same time gives vigor to all parts of the system.
? - Catarrh makes you feel bad all over; it affects the diges-
tion, produces, nausea, destroys, the appetite, makes you nervous, restless and too utterly
wretched for work or anything else. It is a common and almost universal complaint and
the most humiliating and disgusting of all diseases. If the blood is' all right -winter's ..
coming brings none of the discomforts and disagreeable symptoms of Catarrh. .Write us
full particulars of your case should , you need medical advice, which our physicians will
cheerfully furnish without charge. . .', ~. ... - .
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC COMPANY, ATLANTA^GA.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FOR.
There can be no ccmicar!»on between th«
ability of the ordinary phyelclan and that of
the trained and nclentlflc epeeialltt. The for-
mer. In trylnr to explore and conquer U)e
whole field ot medicine and eurrery. beooraet
prcfleiMit In no particular branch. The latter
oon»cliMitlou»!y confine* blzn—lt f a elnrl*
C.»m» of ills and rr.agtT* thenv I do not scat-
ter ray facultw. but I concentrate them all
on £4s?e«<* aad weaknesses peculiar to the
x&ale. Recestly I have treated scores of stub-
born eases for socne of the best men of Ban
Fracclsoo ead vicinity, and not a failure nor
an unpleasaat result hu been reported. Wba|
I kav* done for others X can do for fan.
DR. 0. C. JOSLEN'
The Leading Specialist.
Gonorrhoea
The serious results that may fol-
low nerlect of contracted diseases
could scarcely be eracrerate4.
Safety demands an absolutely thor-
ouch cure in the least possible
tins*. I !-ave treated more cases
Qf contracted disorders than any
ether physirlan upon the Pacific
Ccart. My cure* are thorough and
ere accomplished In leas time than
other Jonas of treatment require
in producing: ev»n doubtful results.
I employ remedl*-* of my own de-
vi«:n*. and my treatment Is equal-
]v effective in both recent and
chronic c«see.
"Weakness"
My cures of this disorder are
permencnt and lasting". No tonics
that rtlmulate temporarily. ..but
thorouchly *ot«-ctlflc treatm«nt. for
the removal or conditions reapon-
etb'.e for the functional deranff*-
ment. "Weakness" Is merely a
*ymr'tt>tri of inflammation or con-
restlcn In the crostate srland, aad
undf-r rr.y own ortrlnal local treat-
ment this eland Is promptly re-
duced to its normal state and com-
plete functional actlYlty Is the
lattln- result.
Varlcocele, Contracted Disorders
Stricture. Piles and Specific Blood
Pciacn I treat and never fall to
effect a care. ?
Ky Fees At* Pair. Jj
I My Onres Are Permaasat. |
" Home treatment Is alwaya
certain and equally satls-
tactcry.
My rumbhlet. "Ut« AH Tour
Tear* a Man," Is mailed free upon
application. Conmili* tlon free at
office or by mall.
DR. O. C. JOSLEN
Ctrner Market and t-earny 6t«.
Print* I ttriae*. 7C2 Karktt St.LONDON. Nov. 28.— I>br<J Milner. the Brlt
leh High Commissioner for South Africa, sail
ed to-day for his post.
The sale of superbly bred yearlings
from the establishment of W. O'B.
Macdonough will be held at the Occi
dental Horse Exchange to-morrow
night at 8 o'clock-
Lieutenant Colonel Alex. Rogers and
NOTES OF THE TRACK.
LONDON, Nov. 28.— The fall racing
season in England ended to-day with
the races at the Manchester November
meeting. Switch Cap won the Man
chester November, handicap. St. Mor-
Itz was second and Lord Densmore
third. Twenty-four horses ran, includ
ing Burbiton. This was the latter's
last race under the Keene colors. The
season has mostly been uneventful,
with the exception of Scepter's per
formance, whereby the filly recouped
its owner, "W. A. H. Bass, most of her
purchase price of $125,000. William C.
Whitney and the Keehes have been ex
ceptionally unfortunate throughout.
Both many times had horses placed,
but had few wins. ¦' i
Season in England.
Manchester Handicap Closes Fall
swrf ch cap wins.
120 men of the Fifteenth Cavalry were
guests of President Williams at the
track yesterday. The cavalrymen were
very much interested in ;the saddling
and care bestowed on the thorough
breds.
Twenty-one books again cut in yes
terday. - . .
Captain Forsee threw Ferrell on the
way to the post in the two-year-old
event and started on a tour, of inspec
tion. He was caught at the saddling
paddock.
It was a good afternoon for the Jays.
J. Martin, J. Booker and J. Lewis each
rode a winner. V,
OAKLAND SA.CETBACZ — SATURDAY, Nov. 28. — Weather showery. Track slow.
r»37£. FIRST RACE — Futurity course; selling; 3-year-olds and up; value, to first. $325.- ¦
Index t Horse and Owner. IWtjSt. %. VbT »i. Str. Fin. J Jockey. Op- Cl~
i im~!Mike Murphy. 4"7J7Ne!l) !l0»( 1 ... 2 1 12 1 iy,l 1 Birkenruth 20 30
' 6354 IRlnaldo. a <S!fkiyou Stable). .|104jl0 ... Hi J 1 7 Vi 2 n 1.. iackson. " 10 12
IS195 iSnark. ft (D. S. Fountain) tlOTj 9 ... C 1 3 n 5 2 3 2% Bell 10 i
53W Handprese. a <M«grane) 102 6 ... 4 2 4 1 * H 4 n W. Coleman 3 4
K<2« IMatlam Bishop, a (J. T. Strite) l» 3 ... 3 n 6 1 Mj2 n On J. Lewis.;. ¦* *
53C0 Mcrwma. 3 <J. J. MeAleeter).. lOUjll ... « h S J4 3 h 6 l',£il. Powell... ¦ *» »
K5»l |Our Pride. 4 (S. P. Tate) tOS 2 . .. 1 h 2 % « 2 7 I |J. Daly « 8
KCO Educate. 5 (C. W. Chappell)?. 104 4 .. 8 17 n 8 3 8 h |J. T. Sheehn 20 30
Moi to. 3 (H. U Shannon) 97 12 ... 0 %U 4 10 4 9 2 jOliphant .. «0 60
B^22 jOawain*. 6 (\V. K. Cotton).... 9S, S ... 10 'jlO n 11 4 10 1%|\V. Daly... 20 40
63»5 lYellowstone, 4 (W. P. Fine).. 107 7 ..§11 3 9 h 9 1 11 C |J. Martin... 5-2 8'
4128 |g^lall»t. a (G. S. McKenile). 107J 5 ...12 12 12 12 |W. Xarvaex _ 20_ J20
Time — :25. :5O, 1:12. At poet 2V4 mlnutee. Off at 2:13Vi. Mike Murphy, place. 12; show,
6. Rinaldo place, 5; show, 2. • Snark. show, S-5. Winner, cb. g. by Yankee Doodle-Nita
Murphy. Trained by K. Kelly. Start perfect. Won handily. Next two driving hard.
Mike Murphy Jumped away from h!t field at the start and the pick of the going bothered
by none. Rinaldo ran a somewhat different race. Handpress did fairly well. Madame
Bishop ran in the deep gains'. Our Pride quit. Yellowstone, ran a miserable 'l 8 '"!-^^^^
HUTU. SECOND RACE — Six furlongs; purse; 2-year-olds; value to first, $325.
Index 1 Horse and Owner. IWt St. % . %. %. Str. Fin. I Jockey, j Op. Cl.
(535<S);CaBClne (Burns & Waterhouse) 108 1 ... 3n 2 2 l-2 l sl 5 lAdkins' S-5 "-¦ 2
<5:i4.-S)!BearcaUher (T. G. Ferguson). 105 5 ... 2 h 3 % 2 V, 2 % |J. Martin.. 7-10 2-5
<5.-J«9)iOtto Stlfel (Schreiber) 1C5 4 ... 1 2'Jl n 3 1 3 2VallX Hall?... , J^ 40
.UU Ebony (Hamilton Stable) 105 3 ... 4 2Vj5 1 4 2 4 1 HiUlerbrnd 40 2W>
6314 ICaptain For«ee (Alhambra). . . 106 « '.:. 6 6 64 54 Ferrell ..:. 20 CO
(.V»7)IJuap<> CM. J. Daly) |108 2 ... 5 2 4 I»j6 (i I. Daly 1 6 7
Time — :24, :<S. 1:14%. At post &V6 minutes. Oft at 2:41. Cascine, place, 2-5; show out.
Bearcatcher, place, 1-4; show out.' Stifel, show. 2. Winner, ch. c. by Colonel Wheeler-
Early Rose. Trained by- C. T. Patterson. Start bad. Won In a sallop. Next three, driv
ing to the limit. Calcine beat the ethers awey and was well ridden. Bearcatcher was
elo*- to ret away and wa« ridden in the poor going. Otto Stifel ran a nice race. Judge
swerved badly in the stretch. --...^^^^.^^w^.-^
I ftSSO. THIRD RACE — Futurity course; selling; 3-year-olds and up; value to first, $325.
Index 1 Hor»e and Owner. |Wt|Si V4. V*. H- Str. Fin. ) Joc ' K *y-__|_ O - P :_-^!l
(5352) ! Pickaway. 3 (A. J. Jackson).. 07 2 ... 12 1^11 1 % |J. Lewis... 3 7-2
.... IWaterpower. 4 (Stover) Ill 3 ... 2 1%2.4 2 2W 2 bee 10, M
M27 IA1 Carey. 3 (S. McNaughton).. 94 4 ... 3 1 3 n 3 n ¦ 3 % Reed ...... £ «
4S61 Oscar Tolle. 5 <K. & B.) 110 1 ... 4 4 4 5 4 1 4 % I. Powell... 8 8
ri.V.5 iFhellmount. 4 (T. Wellman).".. 104 « ... «2 fin H2 55. Birkenruth jj
535S iQulet. 4 (II. E. Rowell) 10!> S ... 86 73 78 «n R.Klng.... .6 »
,... j\Van<Wlin(f. 4 (Pritchard) 102 5 ... 5 h 5 2 C >i 7 8 • L^rsen .... 50 100
5326 i Father Wentker 4 (?chreiber). 107 O ... »- 9 84 8 6 D. Hall 3-2 7-5
i Reno Belle. 4 <W. Thompson). 107 7 ... 7 2^8 4 q 0 Prior ¦ 30 100
Tlme^:24H. :49*A. 1:11%. At post 6»i minutes. Off at 3:08. "Pick-away, place. 6-5; show,
1-2 Waterpower. place, 10; show. 5. Carey, show, 4-5. Winner, ch. jr. by Piccolo-Mar
celle TraJned by H. E. Rowell. Scratched— El Piloto, Mildred Schultz. . GlendennlnK.
Start strangling. Won easily. Next three driving hard. Wnterpower was a length in
front entering the Ftretch. but his wind is cracked and Pickaway responded to a drive.
Alice Carey showed improvement. Shellmount can do better on a fast tracks Quiet oil
poorly. Father Wentker swerved at the start, interfering with some of the f^f"*
5381. FOURTH RACE — One mile; selling; 3-year-olds and upward; value to tlrst, $323.
Index* Hone and Owner. !Wt|St. V*. . %• Str. Fin. j Jockey. Op. Cl.
(5:jfi6)!U Crawford. 3 (Schreiber). ..| »3 7 6 n 7 1 53 4 Vj 1 BooKer. . 5 7
(IWtlO'Sllurlan 5 (Lamasney Bros.).. 102 4 4 1 fi 2U4 2 :{ hi 2 2i4JFoley 8 10
6320 <Hr. Honey. 3 (Leach & Co.).. 93 5 7 5 H 2 n 1 n 3 % jKunz 4 5
5370 Col Van. 5 (D. S. Fountain). IOC 3 1 3V41 SJ41 '-^- % * * Farrell .... 5-2 13-5
6333 Rosarie 4 (C. W. Chappell).. l()0 8 5h 2h 31 B'«5n J. T. Shehnj 15 fiO.
5305 Pluck. 3 (M. J. Daly) 8fi 8 10 6 108 9^72 « 2>j W. Daly... 4 10
(4M)7) Forest King. 4 (S. J. Jones).. US 1 2 h 4 hi 7 n 6 li 7 2 Hlldebrdn .| fi 10
W71 jlilowaho. 4 (C. C. Capps) 1108 9 9 n 0 1 10 % «J 2 8 4 J. Martin.. | 4 7
.V«5 Bill Hassle. 5 (McAlester). . .|1OG 11 8 1!48n 8 n 10 2 9 3 I. Powell.. S 10
(43KS) The Ledaean. 4 (B. & H.) 1 99 12 12 11. h 11 6 11 5 10 m I^arsen .... 10 50
C3O4 iritruda. 4 (Kirk & Co.) j 95 : 3 U 3 h 6 h S 1 11 5 J. Uewls... 15 30
5317 JHuntregsa. 4 (Buckley & B.)..!lO6ilO 11 3 12 12 12 12 Otis 15 25
Time — :26 :51 1:164. 1:43. At post 1 minute. Oft at 3:S0',i. Crawford, place. 5-2; show,
6-5. Silurian place. 4; show. 2. Honey, show. 1. Winner, b. g. by Sain-Apoza.
Trained by W. Whalen. Start perfect. Won ln a hard drive of Hiree. Winner excellently
handled. Silurian ran a nice race. Honey was outfooted. Route too far for Colonel
Van. Rosarle showed Improvement. Pluck oft badly. Illowaho ran poorly. Ultruda
<juit^ • i _ <^ v^ i _ > _ I
0^$2. FIFTH RACE — Six and a half furlongs; handicap; 3-year-olds and up; to fir?t. $400.
Index j Horse and Owner. IWtjSt. V* . %. %. Str. Fin. | uockey. [ Op. Cl.
0345 'Tellow Tail. 6 <Hackett) |10S 46 « 51lnl 3%|R. King:.... 5 6
5327 lHagerdon a (H. L.. Frank).. 1"7 2 1h ln lh 2n 2n IHIldebrnd . 2 2
533» Ilshtar. 4 '(A. Josephs) M 0 5 2^4 n 3 hi 3 >4 3 1',-V Reed 10 20
CrerO)IArab<> 3 (W. B. Jennings). . .!l07 3 2 H 2 1^2 1^.4 I>i4 2 J. Martin.. <-5 t -o
Kt& (Captivate.- 5 (P. Hildreth) I 90 5?3 1 3 h 4 l'/jfi 5 4 J ; Jones 10 10
5363 JMuresca. 4 (Mrs. Miller) j 02} 1 4 1^5 2^fi 526 Knapp 10 12
Time :24, :4SV* l:1*ha 1:21. At post 6 mlnuten. Off at 4 :02i-3- ' Yellow Tail, place. 2:
chow 1. Hasrerdon. ' place, 7-10; show. 1-3. ¦ Ishtar. show, 2. Winner, ch. h. by W ater- T
cress-Paloma. Trained by H. E. Rowell. Start perfect. Won easily. Next two drlv
¦ inr. King on winner rode a well-timed race. He waited until, the. pacemakers were
tired and then ran over them. Hagerdon raced Arabo off his \eg*. Letter was badly
bumped about a lurtong from home. Ishtar will teke some beating on a fast track.
. Captivate outclassed. __^
r»:$s.*l. SIXTH, RACE — One and a sixteenth miles: handicap; 3-year-olds and up; first, 5500.
Index I Horse and Owner. JWttSt. hi. . V4- %• Str. Fin. | Jockey. | Op. UT
Kt29~!Delnty. 3 (W. B. Jennings) ... I 981 2 3^31 2 1 1 n 1 % IJ. Martin.. 8-5 8-5
53(» lAlbula. 5 (Lamasney) ;107 5 1 t» 1 *i 1 '4 2 1Vj2 n Foley . ,58
(5357)|veterano, 3 (W. C. VlvellK.. 89 4 5 5 5 8 3 n 3 1 3 2»4|Hl!debrnd .12 10
53<S JHoratlus. 3 (J. J. McAlester). I 90 « 2 % 2 % 4 3^4 3 4 7 Reed 5 11-2
(5345) Bragif 4 (J. Curl) J1O5 . 1 . 4 2U4 1 5 20 5 20 5 20 R. Hall.... 2 2
5347 i iRlo Shannon. 6 (Coffey) | 8S 3 tl 6 C C 6 J. Jones 20 40
Time :25%! :5t. 1:16. 1:42%. l:»0. At post 4H minutes. Oft at.4:30^. Dainty, place,
3-5; fhow 1-3. Albula, place, 2; show. 1. ¦ Veterano, ehow. 3-2. Winner, ch. t. by
Golden Garter-Rosebud. Trained by W. B. Jennings. Start good. Won in a hard drive
of three.' Dainty stood a long drive. Weight appeared to suit Albula. Veterano" was
going strongest at the end and would : have wen in a few more strides. Bragg ran
Just the way a 2 to 1 chance should.
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
Dell Fountain's recent purchase. Col
onel Van,/ started favorite for the mile
selling affair, with a field of twelve
going to the post. The Colonel had Fer
rell on his back and, after leading for
more }han six furlongs, gave It up.
Heather Honey then looked a winner,
but Kunz could not do the filly justice.
Jimmy Booker came with a well timed
rush on Lacy Crawford at the paddock
and ln a hard drive downed Silurian
three parts of a length. The winner
was 7 to 1 in the betting.
Arabo, the big chestnut three-year
old from the Jennings' stable, was ask
ed to concede weight to Yellow Tail and
Hagerdon in the Eix and a half fur
long handicap and failed to do It. So
well was he thought of, though, that
his price remained firm throughout the
betting at 7 to 5. He raced almost un
der restraint to the stretch with Ha
gerdon, but when called upon by Mar
tin could not respond. Then, too, he
was badly bumped about a furlong
from the wire, but looked beaten at the
time. It. King, who had been avoid
ing the early pace with Yellow Tall, now
played his hand, and catching Hilder
brand on Hagerdon all ln, breezed
across the line nearly four lengths in
advance of the Cameron sprinter. Ish
tar, T.hich caused the bumping match
down the stretch, finished third.
The Jennings stable also furnished
th- favorite for the last event, the one
and a sixteenth miles handicap. Dainty,
with S8 pounds up and 8 to 5 in the
ring, received extensive support, and
In a driving finish with Albula got the
verdict by half a length. Veterano
closed strongly and would probably
have won ln a few more strides. Bragg
at no time looked dangerous.
ASK TOO MUCH OF ARABO.
Two to one was laid about Cascine,
7 to 1 Judge, and 40 the Schreiber entry.
Otto SUfel. The favorite behaved fair
ly well at the post, but Martin was
Blow to get him away when the barrier
was released, and this ruined - his
chances. Cascine seemed overburdened
with speed, and while Otto Stlfel head
ed him for half the distance, he pulled
away when straightened for the stand
and under Adkins* clever piloting won
galloping by five lengths ln the fast
time of 1:14'4,- Martin on the first choice
got in th« muddy going on the rail, and
: in a fierce drive beat Otto Stifel less
than a length for the place. Judge was
never a factor, swerving badly ln the
run home.
FAVOBITES FAIL TO REPORT.
This was not the only stumbling
block speculators encountered, for four
other favorites failed to report on time.
As none of the different winners were
backed to any great extent, the book
makers retained most of the loose
chaiige.
Dainty, from the stable of Walter
Jennirgs, was the one lonely public
choice to land. The track was still
heavy and gluey for ten or twelve feet
out from the rail, which served to com
plicate things.
Bookmaker Jim Neil's Celtic monolo
grist, Mike Murphy, rang up an "eagle
.bird" for the books right at the start.
Xobody suspected it v.as in the geld
ing's makeup, but at odds of SO to 1
and ridden by Harry Birkenruth, the
outsider Jumped out in the lead and
won handily from Rinaldo, a sleeper in
the race. Snark, another unfastening,
played from 10 to 7, had to be content
with the show. A strong look-out is
'l>eiug kept for the 3 to 1 favorite, Yel
lowstone, and his arrival will be an
nounced by the tooting of the cracker
factory whistle and the tolling of the
meeting-house bell.
¦ ' "d." Hall did not do very well with
Father Wentker in the Futurity course
eprint, third to be decided. The Schrei
ber horse was a 3 to 2 favorite, but Hall
kept him doing pirrouettes at the post
until he was drunk, so that when the
barrier v.ent up Father Wentker reeled
Into a couple of other starters and was
as good as left. Waterpower, a 20 to 1
shot, well handled by See, led into the
stretch, but later on tired and was
beaten by Pickaway, with J. Lewis up.
Alice Carey finished third.
No other Incident of the racing at
Oakland yesterday caused such deep
root t?d surprise as the defeat of Garnet
Ferguson's crack colt Bearcatcher by
Cascine. the Burns & Waterhouse rep
resentative. The pair met in a slx
furlong sprint, which was the second
event on the programme, and the big
Saturday throng was unanimous ln Be
lecdns bearcatcher. He ran with blink
ers, his owner thinking this would
cauSe him to be less fretful at the post,
and stood firm in the betting at 7 to 10.
Burns and Waterhouse Entry Gallops in Before the Brown Colt at
Oakland Track — Yellow Tail : Captures the Sprint Handicap
From Hagerdon — Dainty Downs Albula for Distance Handicap
MIGHTY BEARCATCHER IS DETHRONED,
AND CASCINE IS HAILED THE KING
STANFORD STAKE
IS ATTRACTIVE
Second Payments Are
Made on Seventy-
Two Trbttera
McKinney and Other -Sires
Well Represented in
¦ 1905 Event. , V~
EMPEROR'S CUP
IS WITHDRAWN
BYWAYS DEFEATS
IRENE LINDSAY
Kaiser Will Not Eater
the Yacht Rac9S
of 1904
Daughter of Kingston
Captures Magnolia
Stakes.
NEW ORLEANS. La., Nov. 2S.— First
race, six furlongs — Mayor Johnson won,
Clonmel second, Zyra third. Time, 1:18.
Second race, five furlongs— J. P. May
berry won, Agnes Erennan second, I
Must third. Time. 1:02 1-5.
Third race, mile — Gregor K. won,
Ancke second, Wltfull third. Time*
1:40 4-5.
Fourth race, Magnolia stakes, one
mile — Byways won. Big Ben second*
Irene Lindsay third. Time. 1:40 4-5.
Fifth race, seven furlongs, selling-
Homestead won, Past se.cond, Attilla
third. Time, 1:291-5.
Sixth race, selling', mile and a half—
flddons won, Hayward Hunter second,
rving Mayor third. Time, 2:33 3-5.
"WASHINGTON, Nov. 2S.— Bennlngs
summary:
First race, seven furlongs — Fortu
natus won. Bonmot second, Paget
third. Time, 1:29 2-5.
Second race, five and a half furlongs
— Algonquin won, Bronx second. Lori
cate third. Time, UL
Third race. Hunter champion steeple
chase, about three miles— Almanser
won. Simon Kenton second, ilontrlp
third. Time, 6:20 3-5.
Fourth race, handicap, six furlongs—
Graziallo won, Tokalon second, Alfor
ten third. Time. 1:15.
Fifth race, mile and seventy yards-
Unmasked won, Alice second. Buttons
third. Time, 1:50.
Sixth race, one mile and sixteenth—
Court Maid won, Punctual second. Cot
tage Maid third. Time. 1:52.
VENICE, Nov. 2S.— Signer Manfred!,
an architect, attached to St. Mark's of
Venice, -while engaged ln reproducing
the floor of the Basilica, found the re
mains of ancient constructions, amons
them portions of a crypt and a tomb,
with 'a Byzantine cross of the seventh
century. The discovery is considered
of much historic importance.
Architect Makes Discovery That It
Considered a Prehlstorio
« Treasure. •
PINDS AN ANCIENT
TO2TB HT VENICE
lay of several weeks has been caused
by his indisposition and resulting In
ability to discuss the particulars of the
race. He designs to renew his proposals
in detailed form early in the fall of
1S04. in time* to build and try new
boats. The Emperor hopes this suspen
sion of his offer will have the approval
of the Atlantic Yacht Club and the
New York Yacht Club. He was not
unwilling that this information should
be made public, and his advisers espe
cially desire that it be clearly under
stood that "the Emperor's illness and
consequent restraints Imposed by his
physicians alone occasioned the post
ponement. , . .
LONDON, Nov. 28. — Sir Thomas Up
ton to-day received a telegram from
Lord Lonsd.ale notifying him that as
illness has prevented Emperor "William
meeting his yachting representatives
it would, be too late to build boats ln
Europe and make . the . suggested 1904
race, so the Emperor 'decided to post
pone offering his cup for a trans-Atlan
tic race until" 1905. Lord Lonsdale add
ed ' that ; the Emperor therefore would
not- take advantage of Sir Thomas Lip
ton's withdrawal. Sir Thomas replied,
agreeing with j Lord Lonsdale that it
was too late to make the proposed race
a success, and pointing out that, there
fore, it was quite useless for him to re
new his offer, the withdrawal of which
had already been. accepted. Sir Thom
as Lipton has hopes to enter a boat in
the race for the Emperor's cup in 1905.
Sir Thomas Lipton in the course of
an interview said:
"So far as Emperor William Is con
cerned, I can only say that, the Berlin
dispatch announcing the postponement
of the cup race'is quite correct. I very"
much regret the illness of such a good
sportsman* as \ the* German Emperor
and heartily look forward to entering
a boat" in his contest in 1905." '; j'
Asked If he would now renew his of
fer to the Atlantic Yacht Club, Sir
Thomas' said:* -\
."After this unfortunate. hitch and at
so late a day it would be quite impos
sible to start in again : and get up a
really good race for " 1904. I shall do
everything in my; power to make the
race for . his - Majesty's- cup in 1905 a
success, but the reasons which prompt
Emperor "William to postpone his of
fer of the cup also j make it quite im
possible for. me to -renew my offer as
regards 1904^ I withdrew, the 'offer of
my" own cup . only ', ln courtesy to . the
Emperor,, and ; In* the hope of bringing
together ' every • element interested in a
transatlantic contest. ¦ -"
"That* there will be no such race In
1904 is a great disappointment to me,
which I feel all the more keenly be
cause it ; is the Emperor's illness that
has prevented -either of "our cups be
ing raced for in that year."
BERLIN, Nov. 23.— Emperor "William
has withdrawn his offer of a cup for a
trans-Atlantic yacht race in 1904 on ac
count of his health, and has substituted
for it the offer of a cup to be raced for
in 1905. . '-
The Emperor through his representa
tive cabled his decision to theAmeri
can yachtsmen to-day, with his reason
for the postponement. These are that
the prolonged period of the Emperor's
recovery : and the consequent accumula
tion of official business have prevented
him from reaching his advisers to ar
range the details for the trans- Atlantic
race until it was-too late for the de
signers and builders to have new
yachts ready fora contest ln the spring
of 1904. ;. ¦ •-¦;¦• ¦
The Associated Press is informed that
the'Emperor greatly regrets that a de-
the details is in a place of such im
portance that If he does not correctly
perform his part of the team work he
can lose or delay, the' shot or spoil It or
Injure very seriously the expensive ma
chinery, with .which you are working
when drilling with the Government's
coast cannon.- In addition to the drill
and instruction" at the '... Presidio,! a
great deal of work can" be^done here
in your armory.: A ; study ot the nom
enclature and a description of the guns
and carriages can be . carried on here
and which help you to understand more
readily when you see them in the bat
teries. In "this" connection it is neces
sary to learn to read the drawings, so
that they will present clear t ideas to
your minds."
v He then spoke'at' some length on the
necessity- of j the imen having a knowl
edge; of "cordage and' spars and the
study of; azimuth instrument, platting
board, difference chart, spanner, cor
rection table,, range scale and ¦similar,
things ; : also a knowledge of the varl-"
oiis kinds of powder and their force.'
and "fco study projectiles,' , primers , and
fuses. 1 In closlfig .he said: ' 'Tour bat
talion'commander,: Colonel Bush,, has
so successfully directed hls_ efforts;for
the advancement of- the • organization,
giving, without- stirit^hlsltline and: per;-,
sonal' attention,^ aided' by "the valuable
co-operation of the . officers of the bat- i
tallon- arid 'your -interest In. artillery
work, that you are* in * a flattering con- ;
dltlon ' and merit •; congratulation for
your . progress." - . • ;¦¦;,-- .' ¦¦ y^} :
The rich Stanford stake,' for trotters,
to be decided at the State Fair of 1905
at Sacramento, should furnish sensa
tional racing." ' Second' payment" has
been made on the following seventy
two colts and fillies by their owners. .
C. A. Arvedson'e b. c. Rettue. J. II. Bohon's
gr. t. Bolofk. I. L. Ucrden's blk. % f. Roberta, I.
L,. Borden's ch.. c. Prince Robert, Mrs. 3. V.
Barstow's ch c. Victory. -T. W. Barstow's b. f.
Just t It. I Alex Brown's br. f . • by Nushagak-
Nosegay, Alex Brown's br.- f. by. NuMhagaK-
Addie \V. Alex Brown's b. c. by Nushtigak-
Adhalta, Alex Brown's b. c. 'by Nubbagak-
Ploche.-. Alex Brown's b. t. by. f rlnce Anisei-
Mamte Martin. W. O. Bower'e br. c. Ferd Mad
ison, W» O. Bower's ch. f. Silvia B. S. Ccmis
to's b. t. Alice C. J. D. Carr's ,b. c. C. F.
Itunch, John A. Cole's -blk.c. Prince Valen
tine, John: A. Cole's b. t.~ Neer Klnney, F.
Crawford's b. c Colonel Cra-wford. Martin Car
ter's ch. f. by Nutwood AVilkes-Zeta Carter,
Martin Carter's b. c. by Nutwood Wilkes-lnga,
Martin Carter's b. c.by Nutwood Wllkes-Uee
sle C, Martin Carter's- b. c. by ! T C-I»u G,
Martin Curter's b. c. by -Sombre- L«l<la W, Mar
tin Carter's b. f. by Mendoctno-Mamle R; C.
A. Durfee's b: c. Galindo.' C. A. L>urfee's- br.
p. Covey. W..G. IXirfee , & Co.'s b. c. by Mc-
Klnney-Belle. W. •_.<». Durfee & Co.'s b.rt. -by
McKlnney-Leonor,' W. G. Durfee & Co.'s b. f.
by Coronado- Louise, \V. G.IJurfee & Co.'s b. f.
by Coronado-Lola, H. M. Dennlson's b; f. Lady
l^awton, J. E. Fairchlld's br. f. Bonnie June,
G. \V". Ford's b. t: by Neernut-Alcola, E. C.
Farnum'a ch. c. by Nutwood Wilkus-Flosste.
E. C. Furnum's b. c. by Dlablo-Bessle Hock,
F. J. Fallman's b. c. Sir Robert,' 1-J. A. uani
mon's b. c. Captain Clark, J. W. Gardner'6 ch.
c. by Nearest-Black Swan, C. L. GrifMth's b. t.
by Bonnie Dlrect-Petrlna. ,W.. E. Greene's gr.
c. by Nutwood Wllkes-Llttle Witch. E. P.
Hcald's b. c. San Juan, S. H. Hoy's ch. g. Ben
Hoy, I. AW Hazlett's gr. t. Inaugurita, J. B.
Iverson's ch. g. Derby Chief. J. B. Iverson's b.
g.' North Star. G. W, Ktngsbury's ch. t. DeJla
K, James- Kirkman's br. t. May Way,- S.- W.
Lockett's b. c. Mcl'atehen, P. W. Lree's b, ¦ £.
Estralla, W. Masten's b. f. Ardis. V.*. H. Men
denhall's b. g. Altodown. Mrs. John Norton's
b. g.- Tattler, Mrs. So* Runyon's b. c. byEx
loneer-Dlstress. Fred Raschen's b. f. by Iran
Alto-Bell Bird. Rosedale Stock Farm's b. c. by
Washington • McKlnney-Bcrtha B,: Rosedaie.
Stock Farm's b. c. by Washington McKinney-
Dalta, Ed Sewell's b. f. by. George McKlnney-
Lulu Mack, Thomas Smith's b. f. by McKin
ney-Dalsy S, George Trank's br. f. Lady Byron,
1... H. Todhunters br. f. Zombelle. L. H. Tod
hunter's b. f. Zomltella, Valencia Stock Farm's
br. f. La Belle H, Valencia Stock Farm's br. c.
Dirtct Derby, Valencia Stock Farm's ch. t.
Rose Direct. Wndome Stock Farm's b. f. Mies
Eva B, Vendome Stock Farm's b. f. Still Bet
ter. George t>. Warlow's b. f. Strathlle. George
L.. Warlow's b. c. Athasham. George U. War
low's b. ¦ f. Sextette. H. C. Wletfeldt's b. f.
Maud McKinney. A. G. Wlllson's b. g. IJttle
Medium. G.Wempe's br. c. by Nutwood Wllkcs-
Belle W. ¦ ,< .
A. Paul O'Brien as colonel, vice. Dr.
McCarthy, resigned, and he has been
assigned to duty on the staff of the
major general as chief surgeon of divi
sion.
The lecture by Lieutenant G. S. Gar
ber," Artillery Corps, U. S. A., before
the First Battalion of Artillery in the
Ellis-street armory last Monday night
was a very interesting- and Instructive
one for the officers and. men of that or
ganization, lie said that a national
reserve corps of trained artillerists
with which to supplement, the regular
coast artillery in cases .. of stirring
times is an imperative need, which -the
Government has recognized in making
provision for the instruction. and train
ing of such organizations of the Na
tional Guard as he was' addressing.
/The central thing In coast artillery,, he
"said, is the service of the piece — learn
ing to shoot the guns, and that all work
done by the members of the. battalion
is to the simple end — preparation for
battle, when there is but one object,
and that is to shoot the guns as rap
idly and accurately as possible until
there is no need .to shoot them any
longer. The drill, he said, is most im
portant, as it is constantly*changlng,
i which changes affect- minor particulars
and; details of the different operations
and often modify the j general ] system.
These, he held, are indications of the
evolution that lsTgoIng on In the artil
lery service.. The officers of the artil
lery, ordnance,! engineer and signal
corps are continually trying new meth
ods, new devices, new implements, em
placements, position finding "systems
and instruments, .communications and
so forth in the endeavor to. bring the
system to the highest possible develop
ment of efficiency, arid each day* the of
ficers of -the; coast artillery analyze
their methods in' the effort to constant
ly improve it and secure the greatest
rapidity and accuracy attainable.
He then entered into a detailed ac
count of the manner; in which the of
ficers observe the actions of the men
at that piece arid figure out how by fix
ing the. duty of. each man a s second* or
two may be saved without interfering
with the accuracy and the result sought
to-be obtained. ,-: :;-'«' : « . .
The artillery, officers, he said, are de
serving of credit^ not only in develop
ing the drill, but for devising many of
the instruments: with. which they work
and. they have a large share in the de
velopment of 'the cannon and carriage,
of the powder and projectiles and in
the construction and fitting- of em
placements. The - artillery and
nance officers 'are working hand In
hand toward the higher development
and greater i . effectiveness of .our guns
and projectiles, he said.' The object of
the , artillery, and ordnance . is to keep
the penetrating , and destructive power
of projectiles ahead of the effectiveness
of armor plate In .. resisting them.
* SPECIALIZATION
I In relation to the instruction mapped
out for the First. Battalion of Artillery
he said: 'V 1 believe It- is : the intention
after the holidays- for you to- again
take up your instruction at the [ Pre
sidio. In drilling there. for your battal
ion V to I be brought to- the j greatest ef -,
ficiency inithe shortest time, especially
considering the "many i other interests
that all of you have, It Is necessary! to
resort ¦ to specialization. It is . not only
unnecessary ] but '. undesirable , that each
of/you should = learn' all the operations
that together, make up the drill. Your
officers .will assign .to each of you "some
particular operation, and 'as far as pos
sible you should ~ t do i the samej work
each time'you visit the guns. } That will
not be hard ~ as any ,'one of them . taken
by, Itself is 'simple and , you will be care
fully instructed.; ButTwhate'ver number
you . fire ; oi% in \ whichever^of j the 'details
you ' are* placed, .don't . spend •¦ your ; time
wishing'yourwefe'dolng something "elsef
Remember that any. number, in any of
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
f; OF ; THE PACinb COAST
f , -WASHINGTON, - Nov. 28.— Orders for
the Coast ; States .were issued as v fol
lows _ to-day: Postofflce .discontinued
December 15: " /
'California— Fielding, Shasta County,
I mail to Taylor.
Postmasters "commissioned: Oregon-
Clarence Thomson,' Walterville. •
"WashlniTton— Charles Fish, .Austin;
John McDowell, • Melmont. . ' , ¦
v Fourth "class postmaster 'appointed:
California— E. A. , Chaff ee,^? Elmdale,
Stanislaus County, vice John' Pickford
Jr.... resigned.
"Army; orders; t Leave of 'absence"
granted ; Major ;AarbhiH.t'Appel,'i sur
geon, Department of California; extend
ed two' months.: . -
WITH THE RUNNERS AND TROTTERS
During the month of December there
will not be any drills at the armories,
but during the vacation the offlcers^it
is expected will "study up," and each
company | commander; hiave his organi
zation ready for'lnspection by the time
Colonel - Wllhelm,* the United .States
army Inspector, will come* around in
•January; to discover what (the f officers
and; men. know '^nd what they '"do not
know, about military matters. * Upon the
report ¦ of that officer much ' "of the"' fu
ture of the citizen soldiery of this State
will depend.
; . A' commission has* been issued '¦ to* Dr.
The board of officers recently.ap
pointed/to revise the laws applying to
the National -Guard of California and
proposed amendments will have quite a
task before it,, and-if those chosen are
equal to. the task they will undoubtedly
bring about a result -that the guards
men have Ions: ; desired. ' It will be a
part of the board's duty to harmonize
all the laws appertaining to the guard,
eliminate all .that have become obso
lete and Incorporate such provisions as
are in consonance with the laws regu-r.
latlng the United States army, : so far
as applicable to the guard. It will also
be a part of its duty, to revise the "red
book," or book of rules and regulations
of the guard, which was alluded to on
one occasion by one of the inspectors
as follows: "Of all combinations of mis
information the guard J has to contend
with this, the 'red book,' is unques
tionably the worst. It is a complete
compendium, of military inaccuracy
supplemented by a mass of obsolete
and useless precautions; formulated by
successive adjutant generals, and add
ed to what there was before 'they came
into office. On every seven out of ten
pages there are rules prescribed for
guidance which are diametrically, op
posed to the regulations of ; the, army,
which should be the. rule of ; conduct
as far as practicable. Men who - are
anxious to know what the . laws" are
touching the Nationar Guard, and what
rules and regulations are prescribed,
are continually led astray by the
perusal of this volume." -
"Red Book" Will Receive
Official Attention
of Board.
MILITARY LAWS
TO BE REVISED
THE ?AK FIUNCISCO CALL; SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 29, 1903.
37
ADVEBTTHFi M K NTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ABVEBTISEMENTS.
EN YOU BUY A SWEATER]
COME TO US
garments in endless variety of stitch and
I combinations, from a light Jersey to a heavy Alaska,
for men, women and children. Prices range from
81.00 to $8.50
THE BEST IN ANY MARKEJ
Gymnasium Suits ii/?v
>I Athletic Supplies " ''¦ . ¦.'.'«-."
I — KNUJriNGCO.
II Open Safqrdays till 10:03 P.M. 6 d ccary st. . san frm^cisco |
- B J Dr « I»wrenc«'» Hew Perf»ct»4
¦Jr : \ Vacuum Developer
j AND INVIGORATOR. -It quickly restores Ix>rt 8tren«th or TVaatad
; S i Vital. Power and never falls to cure" Varicocela. Stricture. Drains.
; ¦¦ "Weakness. Impotence or Proatatlc Troubles. It positively develop* and
> S j I rltallzes ' Weak or Debilitated Orrana. thus restorlngr full youthful vlxor-
Sf , I ' cubs GVAsAirrxr&x) ob xoinnr back.
L Q3™ To prove the marvelous and positive merits of the VACCTTM
' TREATMENT you may take It on 10 days* trial and approval AESO-
_. . . .LUTELY. FREE. We can back up every claim we make. ¦
Call or write to-day for 64-pa?e Illustrated book No. «. showtnr mal* »y»t»m and
¦ t explainlnjr .this wonderful, convenient and simple HOME TREATMENT. Seat plain,
sealed, free. ¦ . .'. -',...- j
-ALL DISEASES OF MEX. Contracted Disorder*, etc. trtated aad cured bx <aw
; modern specialists, even when others falL ft
'¦-'¦ " CONSULTATION FREE and confidential at office or by ntalL Hours. » a. nv to
¦ . 9 P-~ m.-- Sundays. 10 a. m. to lp. m. -Open evenlnss. S
; KO MOTOT BEQtriBED Ufl'flL CUSS9.
HEALTH APPLIANCE CO.i I
6 OTARRELL'ST^ Near Market, San Francisco. |
>e99c«eo®ooe*c$s@seo9ce«9ooQcc>9O9e999eoceooeeccoeeeaoooeooGO3ooo@69f
> . . - . ¦ "' ¦' ; ' ' ¦.':-¦¦* 'v ; • "^:U.'" : ¦ • -•¦-!• C
' ' ' V ' * ' mm- - ' • ' " ' " C
\ PyHr^t^Sj^HPwj^Br^Sft^^iSr No man * hcuId te weak; r.o man «hou!3 ruffsr the lo«s of that vital element which •
| ' SSBE^'Sm renders life worth living. No man should allow himself to become less a man than (
\ 'W!fir " nature intended him; no man should raT»r for tbe sinj ot his youth, when there is <
J ¦ -.' j[^^§ v " *• htre at hand a certain cure for his w«ikness. a check to his waste rower. ¦ |
I pB3«ff\ Most of the rain?', most of the weakness of stomach, heart, brain and nerves, g
J 'BQEjm, - - {rom whlch vou m °n "Uffer. are due to an early loss of nature's reserve power through j
I OBBBbL\' * mistakes of youth. You need not stuff* • for this. You can be restored. The very ;
KJJBMroCTW element which you have lest you cat get back, and you may be as ha?py %s any *
yjrS]S^T^wg5W '^^^^^t^Bc^BmRw -'- " " : ' n:an that lives.
\ SsirtilSlBS^. • My Electric Belt, with special E1eo:rio Suspensory (free) will restore your power. <
> ¦' wmPJBB'IHIIm II wlllcheck all unnautral drains and give back tha old vigor or youth. «
I ttgMaiSpfirjjBR 'EiaraBtlr^j W- S- sfcC uisten, Los Angeles, Ca!. ; I am mora than rleased to b» able to tell I
} I^iR&BKm^A •'¦'•• H^Snl Jou tl *' at after wearing your Belt but on • month I was completely cured. There U (
I .. • Ifl^^¦A \ V ¦BsBwKw n " c ttie ' eas£ trace of my oM trouble remaining and it is my oplnon that your f
I. --"-'-" V^BBj^ffSKflPft \ i ¦ iBBSlilSlH •' treatment is the BTeatest remedy extvit. I assure you that It will N- a (treat pleasure \
" •'.'•.". IJJHHB^MMfeW^fcMi, IBm^WBB to me to recommend the Belt whenever I can, for it has saved my health. ,. ¦'/ <Z
: . ¦ fi^^EflMHK9BW9CJ^aH9HS^9 ¦ ¦- This drain upon your power causei KMney Trouble. P.heumatlsm and Etomaeh. *
9 , - |MBBgn^CTty82«TOS ggmSafl Ailments: you know It's a loss of vital power ami arTeet3 every orgim of ths body. •
!'¦' •''¦ JBHftiT^JpMSwlretB *"rr!^^if Most of th? ailments from which men suffer can be traced to It.
> have cured thousands of men who have squandered the savlncs of years ln *
| • MBlrelKrtlnBSfflteSME 1HH My nplt is easy to use; put It on when you ro to bed: you fe^l th» jiowln* heat <
> '»^BWyT^' : a?«wSLTBi^iR«^8 frOm ll (nO stInsr or burn as ln oli * t >' 1 - t> e 't s >. » n<1 y 0 " teel ""-' nerves tingle with th«- i
t . W\jf wpB 9 Tou et U P in th * morning: feella-j like a two-year-oM. (
I » JPHSfci^PgM'tv'iS *§l Alfred R. Hamlin. 105 Elm street, Reno Nev.: My health has improved won>3-r- i
I f-J^iBBBSpmJm§-''Mf^^m ' f"Hy rfurins the pa?t month. I feel b-tter tn ev;ry respect than I ever did. My {
\ /^paajriByK^yi^^P , An old man of 70 says he feels" ai stron? and- youn* aa he did at 33. That
J / '^^^®^^i^^^nMOT^RL n cures Rheumat1sm . Sciatic Pain3. Lumbaro. Kidney Troubl*. It baalsh-s |
> .fl"^^i^Hft'T'/^^^^»«^dWa 1Ir - Georee Tanner. AVatsonville, Cal.. says: -I wore the Belt only a few times
) WLWmsBm^n ¦K&mim>iFx^a2^&&. when all pain and weakness left my back. I recommended It to a friend u; north *
\. ffifflSgpg^.^K^yj»l\clWlS who had lame back for years, and he received wonderful results. » <
> -¦ ' l]SBffiR!^- / lBBgraHwr^w1w^ml Ml What ails you? Write and tell me. and. ro matter wh?re you ar». I think I caa <
I . WOfflfiyi'iy'jF^BtamaBjl JjlBF Ml. ' f lvo vou the a^^ress of some one ln your town that I have cur»d. I've cured thou- {
| ' JMBB^5>Wi^wag^S3iflTBMfc|L. Ya> ' sands, and every man of them is a walking advertisement for my Belt.
. JiMBEaiJiQ^nTl.Wa.lwii^Kli^^B '»t' Ever>' man who ever used It recommends it because it Is honest. It does great f
i gi'JH^8^V/ *^ilS^E^^^^55^i- work, and those whom I have cured are tha more erateful because th* cure cost so j
* l*™W:t't^tttlMH Every man who uses my Belt gets the advice and the counsel of a phyildan t
* W$&\*£k Vl^^k. free. I clve you all that any medical man can give you. and a lot that he can't. *
*'•' Tn ' my Belt - Wrlte me t0 - da y for m y beautifully illustrated book wlta cuta j
MJB^^ ¦ TWrnffirnBlffn^ n^SjWBfciflHl « > " YliriT "' how my. Belt Is applied, and lots of good readinj for men who want to be
| . )BSJEff : BjEHSBMMr^S^BSffi6C^^' '"The Noblest Work of God." A MAN. Inclose thU ad and I will send this book
\ iPlHBPHBBfiHV'lX. n r M C Mr! 906 Market St. J
! 1^ ITlCLdUgllllll, AboT.Elli., S»Inaeiie>. J
\ . ' . , '»> ;.'¦• ";,": '^**9Wm NEVER SOLD BY DRUG STORES OR AGENTS. J
k ' ' '¦ * * * 4ture and literature. Speeches were also
made by Mr. Joullin and Mr. Peck. Dur
ing the evening Xathan Landsberger ren
dered classical selections on the violin.
He was accompanied by Frederick
Maurer. Donald de V. Graham and Colo
nel Joe Howell rendered vocal solos.
Mr. Joullin leaves next Wednesday for
Paris, where he will continue his art
studies. He will also exhibit some of his
famous paintings.
Mr. Pc-ck will open a studio in London.
He will leave here next week.
MONROE SALISBUEY SEI<LS
MONTE CARLO FOB, $20,000
Brayton Ives of New York Purchases
the Fast Trotter for Use on the
Speedway.
NEW YORK, Nov. 23.— Brayton lyes,
president of the Metropolitan Trust
Company, paid Monroe Salisbury $20,
000 to-day for the bay gelding Monte
Carlo, 2:07%. This horse is pronounced
the fastest speedway trotter in the
world. The price is the highest paid for
a road horse in years.
FAMOUS AETISTS DINED
AT THE BOHEMIAN CLUB
Axnedee Joullin and Orrin Peck
Guests of Honor at the Banquet
Soard.
Amedee Joullih and Orrln Peck, the
famous artists, were tendered a farewell
dir»ner at the Bohemian Club last night.
Both gentlemen are to go abroad within a
short time and their friends took this
occasion to show them how deeply ap
preciated they are among the members of
the organization.
Th» table was set in the red room and
was in the form of a gridiron. Between
fifty and Fixty of the best known pro
fessional and business men graced the
banquet board. The tables were beauti
fied with cut flowers and red berries and
palms were also used profusely in the
decoration.
¦ Ex-Mayor James D. Phelan, president
of the club, presided at the banquet.
Speeches were made by President Benja
min Ide Wheeler of the University of Cali
fornia; William Greer Harrison, president
of the Olympic Club; Charles S. Wheeler,
Newton J. Tharo and E. A. Mathews.
These gentlemen discussed art, architec-
Special Dispatch to Th» Call.
TACOAIA, Nov. 2S.— Government ex
perts and the Pacific Northwest rail
roads are making & second effort to
size ud the grain crop of the present
year in Washington and Idaho. The es
timates made heretofore have varied
from 12.000,000 to 22,000,000 bushels. The
higher figures comprise the Government
estimate, and in a bulletin issued by
the Agricultural Department it iras
shown that this year the yield showed
an Increase over last year.
Crop experts declare these figures to
be wildly exaggerated. Instead of
showing an increase the wheat yield,
they say, actually fell off between 25
and 50 per cent. The estimates of grain
buyers vary from 12,000,000 to 18,000.000
bushels. The crop probably runs about
14,000,000 bushels.
Expert Stephen J. Fessenden of Wash
ington Is now ln the grain districts to
secure accurate knowledge regarding
the situation. The Northern Pacific
Railway has instructed Its representa
tives throughout the grain belt to make
accurate reports at once, based on the
wheat shipped to the seaboard and the
grain now in warehouses. High prices
alone have saved the grain producers
from a loss of this year's crop.
Better that babes should weep than
bearded men.
One of the oddest freaks of nature
that Missouri ever produced was ' taken
to Pleasant Hill a few days ago by Miss
Amle Lee Hayes. It was a young turkey
having two heads, three bills, six legs,
six wings and four feet. As it died soon
after being hatched, it was placed in al
cohol and Is ..now on exhibition in the
window of a drug store in Pleasant Hill.
Special Dispatch to Th» Call.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 28.— Article's incor
porating the Palo Alto and Suburban
Railway Company were filed in the
County Clerk's office to-day. It is capi
talized at $100,000. divided Into 1000
shares. i"r-»-
The company has franchises and pro
poses to build electric roads in the uni
versity town. Its lines are to com
mence at the intersection of University
avenue and the Southern Pacific Rail
road, thence run along University ave
nue to the easterly city limits; from the
intersection of University avenue and
Waverly street south along the latter
street to the Embarcadero* road; also
from the Intersection of the Southern
Pacific Railroad and University avenue
down the avenue to the San Francisco
and San Jose road, and southerly along
the road to the town limits of Mayfleld.
The principal place of business of the
corporation is to be Palo Alto, and Its
existence is fixed at fifty years. Three
thousand dollars of its capital stock
has been subscribed. The directors of
the company and the amount of stock
subscribed are as. follows: John F.
Parkinson, Palo Alto. $1200; G. F. Gray,
Palo Alto, JTOO; K. H. List, Palo Alto,
$700; W. P. Gray, Palo Alto, $100; L. N.
Hobbs, San Jose, $100; G. S. Parkinson,
Mountain View, $100; W. E. Crossman,
San Jose, $100.
Company Will Build
Line in the Univer
sity Town.
Grain Output in Wash
ington and Idaho a
Puzzle.
ELECTRIC ROADS
FOR PALO ALTO
CROP FIGURES
ARE MUDDLED
This is the second injunction issued
by Judge Seawell in connection with
this case. When the suit first came up
for trial he enjoined the officers of the
municipality from destroying the propr
erty of the company from the Town
send street depot to Seventeenth street,
because It was shown that the company
had a franchise to* run its lines up to
Seventeenth street. When this injunc
tion was jj Issued the company was
granted permission to file an amended
complaint, and when the case again
came up it was on the question of the
company's right to maintain its line
from Seventeenth to Twenty-second
street, an amendment to the original
complaint, based on the claim of the
company that rights of way over this
section had been granted by affirmative
acts of the board.
The opinion rendered by Judge Sea
well yesterday was on thl3 point, and
his decision estops the authorities from
tearing up any of the tracks from
Townsend street to the county line un
til after the trial of the cause. Judge
Seawell's opinion in part is as follows:
"Assuming that the allegations to the
amendment of the complaint are true,
it would be manifestly inequitable on
the part of the municipal authorities
under the existing conditions, to imme
diately destroy the continuity of plain
tiff's road by removing the tracks at
the crossings of the streets between
Sixteenth and Twenty-second streets.
Upon the faith of a license on the part
of the municipal authorities plaintiff
has expended thousands of dollars in
acquiring and constructing terminal
facilities on Townsend street; Jt has
The Board. ,of Supervisors has been
enjoined from tearing up the tracks of
the Southern Pacific Company running
from Seventeenth to Twenty-second
streets. The injunction was issued yes
terday by Judge Seawell, who In an
opinion handed down with the decision
holds that tho company is entitled to
an Injunction pending the trial of the
suit for^ a permanent restraining order,
because it has shown that the removal
of the tracks at this, time would be
manifestly inequitable and result In Ir
reparable Injury to the plaintiff by ob
structing the continuity of its lines.
For years, in the opinion of Judge Sea
well, the company has been led by af
firmative acts of various Boards of Su
pervisors to the expenditure of large
sums of money in maintaining these
connecting lines between the Townsend
street depot and the San Mateo County
branch, the failure of * the different
Boards of Supervisors to object to the
use of the disputed streets being prac
tically; in the opinion of the court, a
granting of permission, to .maintain the
lines It is now sought to remove. Judge
Seawell cites in support of this portion
of his opinion the fact that the passage
by the Board of Supervisors In 1896 of
an ordinance giving to the com
pany the right to erect in the dis
puted territory a number of bells and
other signals was an affirmative act,
one of maqy tending to show that the
maintenance of the tracks was not ob
jectionable.
AMENDS COMPLAINT.
Bestraining Order Is Granted Pend
ing Final Determination of
Matter by the
Courts. • ,
Company Establish^ Tem
porary Right to Use
Streets.
Cannot Remove Tracks
of Southern Pacific
. ! in Mission.
"As the injunction to be granted will
be operative only until the final hear
ing of the cause,' it Is unnecessary at
present to determine the extent of the
plaintiff's equities') or ' the" length' of
time during which it will be lawful for
plaintiff "to maintain its tracks , across
the streets; in controversy. All that I
will now decide Is 'that the injunction
should operate until the trial of the
cause.
!'I am disposed to hold, however, that
the State gave to the San /, Francisco
and San Jose Railroad Company . not
the right to occupy or use" the streets'
of the city for ? railroad- purposes,: but
merely', the 'capacity to receive and en
joy that right in case this city through
a two-thirds vote of its Board' of 'Suf
pervlsors saw" fit to grant it.-' In the
act • of 1861 ¦ the city is ; empowered 4 to
give/* grant or donate.' To the same
effect is section 470 'of the. Civil Code,
which provides that \ 'no j railroad ' cor;
poration must use any!- street within
any Incorporated city or town unless
TEMPOBABY INJUNCTION.
"It is not claimed by the defendant's
counsel that plaintiff's tracks across
the streets are a nuisance in the sense
that they are Injurious to health or of
fensive to the senses or interfere with
the comfortable enjoyment of life or
property. The "right of plaintiff to the
relief sought is resisted solely upon the
ground that there has been no grant
to it by the Board of Supervisors of
the right to lay its tracks across the
streets between Sixteenth and Twenty
second streets. The ordinance com
piained of does not prohibit the use of
steam as a motive power on plaintiff's
road, but merely requires the removal
of "the tracks and rails south of the
northerly line of Sixteenth street. K
it is merely the use of steam as a mo
tive power in a populous section of the
city which - constitutes the alleged
nuisance, the power to abate it does
not necessarily extend to the destruc
tion of the tra'cks and rails, which are
susceptible of use for a lawful purp6se.
The unlawful use may be prevented
without destroying the property.
"Even if the Board of Supervisors
had granted to the San. Francisco and'
San Jose Railroad Company In the
most unqualified. terms the right to use
the streets in question, the board would
not thereby have divested Itself of its
police power in relation to public
health, comfort and safety." That
power is a governmental function, and
neither the State Legislature nor any
inferior legislative body- to which such
power has been granted can alienate or
abridge the right to exercise it by any
grant, contract or delegation whatever.
"I see no reason why an estep:.nl
against the public should not have all
the elements required in the case of pri
vate persons. It would be much more
reasonable, in my opinion, to hold that
a valid title could be obtained by pre
scription again the. public in these
cases where a grant from the public
authorities was legally possible. The
Board of Supervisors had authority to
grant the plaintiff's grantor the use of
the streets in controversy, and if the
question were an open one in this State
I should have no difficulty in holding
that plaintiff by its continuous use of
the streets for more than thirty years
had acquired a" "right of which it could
not be deprived =by an ordinance of the
Board of Supervisors. But the fact
that plaintiff has not acquired a title
by prescription 'is not, in my opinion, a
sufficient reason- for inventing a new
rule of estoppel to remedy a supposed
injustice caused by a refusal to recog
nize or apply the doctrine of prescrip
tion.
"In granting:the injunction pendente
lite I place my decision upon' the
ground that the plaintiff has been in
duced by affirmative acts on the part,
of the Board of Supervisors to make
extensive Improvements and extend its I
business, and that these improvements
would be rendered of no value and that
business irreparably injured by the im
mediate destruction of the continuity
of its line of road between its ter
minus on Townsend street and the
southern boundary of the city and
courtty. * ' •
TRACKS NOT A NUISANCE.
George Albin is a bold, bad burglar,
according to the police, and George
stands a good chance of spending a few
years at the State's summer resort at
San Quentin. On the evening of Novem
ber .26 Albin boarded the Mariposa and
sought for booty. He cared not for a
now no other means of connecting its
terminus on Townsend street with its
road In San Mateo County than its
present line., and. has not yet acquired
a right of way for any other line."
QUESTION NOT OPEN.
Judge Mogan allowed her sixty days'
board and lodging at the city and coun
ty's expense. Louisa was far from being
appreciative. She did not like to be
drawn away from public gaze. She
misses the glare of the electric lights,
the toot toot of the "buzz wagon" and
the clang of the trolley.
"My, gracious, Judge, this Is awful,"
she gurgled. "Can't you make It thirty
days and I'll hie me to some other berg."
Judge Mogan refused to be moved by
the soulful looks of Louisa. Her piteous
appeal proved a • "frost" and she was
taken away to repent of the folly of
wearing suspenders.
The fair one actually had the consum
mate nerve to court a school marm and
went so far as to propose marriage.
Louisa was not moved by love; she sim
ply needed the money and thought a pro
posal was the best way to get the coin.
Her unladylike conduct brought her
within the meshes of the law. The duped
school teacher refused to prosecute.
Louisa came closer to being the "new
woman" than any of her sex. From top
to toe sho was attired in male attire, and
despite her effemlrato voice and ways
went through life aping the man. Miss
Matson even adopted the manners of a
man. Harsh words never grated on her
ear. and she smoked because it was the
real thing. '
Louisa Matson will enjoy seclusion ln
the County Jail for sixty days. Louisa
is opposed to hiding herself from public
gaze, as she prides herself on her ability
to wear trousers and a necktie with as
much grace as any well-dressed youth of
the city. Louisa has always dressed ac
cording to <1 Hoyle." Her trousers have
the proper crease and are turned up like
those of the chappies "in dear old Lun
non."
"Plaintiff's motion for an injunction,
pendente lite, will be granted bpon fil
ing an undertaking in the sum of
$1000."
"The ordinance upon which plaintiff
chiefly rely as evidence of consent on
the part of the t city Is entitled 'Order
No. 3043, regulating the rate of speed
of trains upon Southern Pacific Rail
road,' and was evidently intended not
as a grant to the plaintiff of- the right
to lay or maintain Its tracks between
the termini therein" mentioned, but
merely as the title indicates 'to regu
late the speed of trains. It does not
purport to grant that right to plain
tiff, but assumes that it has already
been acquired. It is, however, clearly
an expression of consent on the part of
the city while the ordinance remains in
force to the use by plaintiff of its road
as at present constructed and operated
from Its terminus on Townsend street
ta the, southern boundary of the city
arid county. .
the right to so, use the same Is granted
by. a two-thirda vote of the town or
city, authority from which the right
must emanate.'
"If mere consent on the part of the
municipality to the presence of plain
tiff's tracks upon the street crossings
in Question for any period of time,
however short, were sufficient to Invest
in the plaintiff the right to maintain
them during the entire life of the cor
poration, it would be difflcsult to re
sist the conclusion that plaintiff has
acquired such right.
ASSUMES RIGHT.
A faint odor of garlic and of the un
washed was distinguished in the court
room of Judge Conlan yesterday morn
ing during the hearing" of Joseph and
Nicola Crudo. the Italians arrested for
the murder of Prospero Mlgalo. The
room was crowded with Italians, who
came from Fishermen's wharf. North
Beach and the vegetable gardens on the
Mission roe d. There were two factions
present. Some were friends of the pris
oners and the majority were there seek
ing Justice in behalf of the murdered
man. There was a look of joy on the
faces of the friends of Joseph Crudo
when they learned through interpreters
that the court had found him guiltless
and dismissed the charge against him.
Judge Conlan stated there was no evi
dence against Joseph and he was per
mitted to go. Nicola Crudo, the uncle,
was held for the shooting. Feeling Is
running high in Italian circles. Money
is being raised to prosecute the alleged
murderer.
Yec Len, alias an almond-eyed
Chinaman, who is of the species high
binder, is awaiting trial for the murder
of Yce Hing, a fellow countryman. Tee
Len appeared ln court yesterday and
Judge Mogan held him over without bail.
He didn't mind it at all. He gazed at his
fellow members that crowded the court
room and swelled up like a hero. He ex
pressed a desire to see his picture in the
paper and was told it would probably/be
used the day of his hanging.
gangplank, but crawled over the bow.
Onto on board he hunted for treasure
and his search was not In vain. He
stumbled over a steamer trunk and
thought it was a good omen. He was
mistaken, however, as its contents led to
his arrest. He found a timepiece
valued at $50 and some coin which
belonged to. T. A. Lav/less. Law
less discovered his loss and raised
a howl. The howl raised the watch
man and. the latter notified the po
lice. Albln was traced through a pawn
shop and apprehended. He was held over
for trial In the Superior Court.
Woman Who Masquerades as a Man Seeks
to Have Her Sentence Cut in Half—-In
teresting Events in the Police Court
SUPERVISORS
ARE HELD BY
INJUNCTION
LOUISA MATSON FAILS
TO MOVE JUDGE MOGAN
THE SAN FBAKCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, KOTE^JBEE 29, 11)03.
38
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE SEQUOIA HOTEL
» : . ¦""' -¦'¦ -•':¦ ~ -' ; ' : V ¦--'• «
This modern and magnificent hostelry, located at the corner of Hyde and
Geary streets, five minutes' walk from the business center of San Francisco, is
now open for inspection. Will be open for the reception of guests about Decem-
ber 15. under the management of Miss S. Hutchison, now of the Xordhoff, 933
Bush etreet. All furnishings in the Sequoia are new and magnificent. The
building is fitted in the most modern manner, having telephones, electric lights,
baths, sanitary plumbing, etc. Rooms with connecting baths may be had single
or ln suites of two. three or four room*. The dining-room, on the seventh floor,
is a special feature and affords a view of the bay and city of San Francisco.
Don't Suffer With
It Is useless to suffer with rheumatism, swollen, stiff and painful Joints.
Electro-Chemistry cures all varieties of rheumatism.
Doat waste any more money en medicines that ruin your stomach, nor Xlnl-
tncnts which burn off the skin and which Co not cure.
Electro-Chemlstry is cheaper, it is Quick and it is absolutely sure.
3CORE SA3T PBAKCISCO PBOOP.
This time one of the best-known business women In San Francisco adds her
testimony:
Mrs. Mary Richards, living at 213 Shotwell st., and for many years with the
Domestic Sewing Machine Cp.. at 1021 Markpt, through gratitude tells of her cure
at the Electro-Chemic Institute, 118 Grant ave.
MBS. RICHARDS. SATS: "For pome time I suffered with rheumatism. I
took medical treatment and used different local applications, but my rheuma-
tism kept on petting worse. My feet were finally attacked. My ankles became
swollen and the Joints stiffened. My work at the store, 1021 Market st.. neces-
sitates me being: on my feet most of the day. and finally I became so bad that
It was either to get cured or give up. Fortunately I heard of the Electro-
Chpcilc treatment. I read of the cure of a lady In Oakland, and from the
strength of hor testimonial I went to the Institute, at 118 Grant ave.. and I am
happy to be able now to add my own testimonial. In five weeks the Electro-
Chemic treatment has cured me perfectly. The swelling, stiffness and pain have
left me. All soreness is gone. My general health is greatly improved, and here
in flve short weeks I find myself cured, with no nasty medicines to take, no
liniments to rub and nothing the least dtsagreeable about the treatment. The
Eleetro-Chemic treatment is given through the clothing and a lady has no
bother nt all in taking It. The cost is trifling when the results are considered.
"(SiTed) MRS. MARY RICHARDS.
K " "213 Sbotwell st.
"During the daytime at The Domestic Sewing Machine Co.. 1021 Market st."
ALL DISEASES Free X-Ray Examination.
¦^P WO/Vl F1V There are hundreds of people in San
V/ * " ? V_/ * •»- 1— <*- • Francisco and vicinty, men and women
... suffering from various forms of chronic
A special department is maintained lingering, long-standing diseases to
for ladies, and all forms of Female Dis- whom the Electro-Chemic x treatment
. c ,, -. , , would prove a priceless boon, as it would
eases are treated successfully without | be tne means of restoring them to per-
pain or operation. feet health and happiness.
If you are a w«k. sickly woman, you
can be made well and stronsr aeain bv I arrangements have boen made by the
tli- TnairMr«« Flertrn Chemir method ! Electro-Chemic Specialists to give to all
.the matchless iJcctro-cnemic metnoa O1J thpir flrFtvislt to the institute
of treatment. The Liectro-Chemic boe- a full consultation and a thorough
cialist is a man thoroughly familiar with searching X-Bay examination without
... , ...¦'.. cost or obliiration of any kind,
the ailments of women, and his diajrno- T n j S on * er } S solely for educational
sis of the<e troubles gives a basis for purpose* The Electro-Chemic Institute
, , -r is the largest, finest and most thorough-
correct treatment and an earlv cure. I o ly jujjj completely equipped Electrical
the woman who dreads the possibilities and Medical Institute in the country,
of an operation the Electro-Chemic possessing every facility for the latest
»-•,„. t-,- 4 eUr*,,\A -^,^»->i t.rnTKrlv Tu nt improved, most scientific and most suc-
rnethod should appeal stronely. lnat ce j sful trcatment for all chronic dls-
the Electro-Chcmic treatment is sure eases, and it is especially desired that all
and certain many well women will at- sufferers may have adequate knowledge
test. E!ectricitv is a powerful stimulant gj the "?, crit^ and superiority of the
. r Electro-Chemic treatment.
to weakened parts, as well as a remark- There should be no hesitation on the
able curative agency. Consultation will part of any one to avail himself of this
cost vou nothing. Availing yourself of opportunity, let every one .feel and
? u.c wrti h* tu. n-Mnc nf vm,r know that he is invited and welcome to
th:s offer will be the means oi >our tne x.^y examination and advice with-
restoration to health. ' out cost or expense.
Electro-Ctiemislry Cures Painlessly end Without Operation :
Catarrh, Insomnia, Dyspepsia, Files, . <
Bronchitis. Paralysis, Indigestion. Plstula,
Aithnia, Loccmotor At* Tin. Debility, Rectal Ulcers.
Consumption, Cancer. X.lver Diseases. Rectal Fissures,
Dcafnees, Ulcers, Cystitis, Special and Nervous
Head Noises, Turners, Bladder Troubles, Diseases of Women,
Rheumatism, Gcitre, Eczema, Special Diseases of Men,
Keuraleia. Brirht's Disease, Epilepsy, Acne,
Nervousness, Diabetes, Palllnir Spells, Psoriasis,
i Ana all forms of Skin and Blood Diseases.
ffome Treatment. ElECTRO-CHEMIC
EkmM of our best cures are accom- IhIATITIITP
plished by the Electro-Chemic home I Rl V I i E-
treatment. We advise all our outside I|«U| I [ 0 I L
Iratier.ts. when they can possibly arrange
to do so, to visit our office for a careful if D CD1UT AUCMII "• MB CIKT CT
personal examination. When this is im- IIB OliANI . AVtiU .,^ tUft. HJil b I .,
possible, write us a short description of _._ " SAN " FRANCISCO,
.vmptoms. and full instructions regard- g ? ffl £ 9 f^aVs. 5 ft £ « d t ? o $
ing home examination and treatment will p . m . Separate apartments for ladies
)>p promptly forwarded. and gentlemen. •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AH VESTISEIIENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SI The Modern Specific That Produces f*^jk
Everv man and woman may find it in Sar I
The Great Nerve i^Tonic
Produce plumpness, round out hollowness, bring the bloom of youth to rr» /n ff-> m g? »
the checks, and all who take* them enjoy good health and strength. I W'O #- .frf. §
Nervan Tablets act on the nerves ?nd blood, and contain all the elements 1 of life. Positively
CURE KIDNEY and BLADDER TROUBLES, Rheumatism, all Diseases of the Blood, Back-
ache and Nervous Dyspepsia, Clear the Complexion and Aid Digestion.
Gi\x you a good appetite, renew life cells in young and old. Permanently restore youthful vigor and vi-
tality. They tone up the whole system and make you feel like a new person.
2Co remedy in thewcjld to equal them. Tako & few Nervan Tablet* and note the wonderful •Secti.
ALCOHOL IN ALL LIQUID KIDNEY AND RHEUMATIC REMEDIES CONDEMNS THEM.
Ttol£?ite£rT*£^L*t£ ££*&%£? M 7 bave trIed and '""I*: ««»•«. remember the *reat modern remedy. .Nervan
'kJSSS r * e ? T ** ttom <rrateful Pftr80M who ha " **« ** We ™?M TaWet xfr /¦ „ £."
25 y«£o r id S ind /wrtKS'ffi 1 «UlV "mn« lort enerry. A. an enerry builder they cannot be beat. I feel Ilk. '
Grtrlrold? Ill 1903 without them and I will try and Induce others to take them. 8. A. KEAD.
VITTAI inrV" MTVI^b^^^SI $\? SH* V' 91^:-, renew llfe cclls ln I' 0 ""* and oM: Permanently restore youth-
Erery $1 bcx sold with guarantee to refund jour money thould they fail to do all we claim for them. For sale only by
. UNION DRUC COMPANY STORES:
214 Kearny St.; Stockton and ,0'FarreII Sts; Market St and Van Ness Avenue; Sixth St., cor. Mission; 318
Montgomery Avenue; 400 Sutter St.; Valencia St. cor. Twenty-third; California and Flllmore Sts.
Or Sent by Mail on Receipt of $1. 6 Boxes for $5^00. Nervan Tablet Co , Chicago, III :
IBM w^Xi I^bI _dfffy Hl9 Iftftt. -^flB^ ami E SI 69 fi Efen \>jn Pc^i MB t9Q1 G f\i s£di p% «¦ i^-l Wr ;: <i « ¦ i
gH MBm OTCj^^^flSpr I W|2!0^ PKJKHP**^ ECS M / lfpfl 1 KTil Iff I ¦ " tli sL^ pftSj BF ! " J f-'t 3 \
The foul poison that man an serve AI "
drips from the mouth of f co^ ancI serve tue *
corse of Inebriety on = [ to take poison ha- I
the brain of Nations. . * bitoaHy without causing §
In red-handed murders Lj disuse. The craving |
and shuddering crimes - for liquor is the chief |
Alcohol is the General - symptom of the disease. 1
in command* TheBot- . Hy treatment perma- |
tie Heroes are King Al- * m ncntly ' dts troys the |
cohol's abject slaves. O craving for Alcohol and |
To it they bow. In its restores the patient to 1
gutters they wallow; health and manhood. It I
under it they are man- -/t has never failed to per- |
DR. J. J. McKANNA IISSI
The Original and Only. 3-Day Cure for the SANITARIUMS: Chicago, m.: Kansas City. Mo.; Oklahoma I
Onen^w?Ei!^ i c Y City; De^Mofales. la.; Seattle. Wash. |
Open Pay. Night end Sundays Dr. McKanna's Book on Alcoholism "stnt on request* |Every one knows of the. college stu-
dent who, when he was "hard up,"
sent home a set of verses to which the
governor replied in kind. The son
penned:
The rose la red;
The violet blue.
Send me fifty ,
P. D. Q.
. This was the reply: "
The rose Is red, ..
/And sometimes pink;
I'll send you fifty, '
:. I don't think. •
/Another father was looking over, his
son's account, when he . discovered an
item he ; did not quite 'understand. \
"H'ni,". he said, "$30 '¦ for tennis; isn't
that ,'¦ rather '¦ a * large :'¦ sum for such a
game ?.' -How do you : explain • it, sir ?" : <""
. "Oh," replied : the , hopeful, , carelessly
waiving his hand,' "that was just'for. a
couple of rackets."
VWhy' not.call them bats 7*' asked "the
knowing i f ather.^Ne w * York Times.
A "Wise Father.
Befcre you choose a friend eat a peck
of sale with him.
OAKLAND, Nov. 28.— John B. Fox
and Constance D. Le Valllant, chil
dren of the late Laira Fox, to-day
filed their mother's will for probate.
The instrument disposes of about $15,
000 -worth of property, which is left
ghare and share alike to six children.
File Will for Probate.
OAKCAND, Nov. 23.— Mrs. O. C.
Wheeler, widow of the late Rev. O. C.
Wheeler, a pioneer Baptist minister of
California, died to-day at her .home,
1653. Grove street. Her Illness has ex
tended over several months.
Widow of Pioneer minister Dead.
JOAKLAND. Nov. 28.— The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Edward T. Da
vey, 26. and May Austin, SO, both of
Fan Francisco; Daniel Coakley. 23. and
Mildred Curtice, 21, both of Oakland;
Manuel A. Madeiros, 22, and Mary Fer
nendez, 1«. both of Oakland; Axel Ahn
etram. 35, and Anna Scherlln. 35. both
of Haywards; Joseph M. Sllva, 21, and
Francisca A. Nunes, 16. both of Hay
wards; Thomas Daly, over 21, and Kate
Keough, over IS, both of Berkeley.
Marriage Licenses.
Foolish, and Futile.
At the beginning of the last century
the Royal College of Bavarian Physi
cians sought to forbid steam railway
travel because It would Induce delirium
among the passengers and drive the
-spectators crazy, while an English
quarterly said that It would as soon
expect the people to suffer themselves
to be tied to one of Congreve's rockets
as to trust themselves to the mercy of
a locomotive going at the prodigious
rate of twelve miles an hour.—Ex
change.
Mr». Charles Keeler. Mrs. J. M. Pierce, Mrs.
George B. Smytn. Mra. ¦¦ C. -¦ M. : Perkins, Mrs.
J B. Maynard. Mrs. ,G«orge -Vincent/' Mrs.
Charles A. ' Kxaua and. Mra. • Gurdon ' Bradley t
Lieutenant — Ralph Gansoway. ¦*'' '
Sergeants— Cl»renc« Flars. Ernest Pap«,
willl* Storms. Randolph Monro <
Corporals— Whitley Perkins, Cedrlc Coid
well- William Smyth. Ernest Rldeout ' Benja
min Knowlton. OUs Marston Jack Mlchell.
Robert Stevenson. ; ¦
Armorers — Archie Butler. Ransome Hideout.
George Shlpman. Earle Turton .
Privates— Edwin Barker. SanV Btttln* Ri
cardo Bcrtolaccl. Chester Dowllng. Robert
I ortier. John Irvine. Douglas Lux, Harry
Mulvaney. Donald MacBrlde. Almy Maynard
Thomaa Rleger.^Charles Seroy. Edwin Seroy!
Teddle Sp«ncer. William Stone. Allan Wetmore
Franklin Watson. Stephen N. '.Wychoft Jr '
Howard Stover LyleGrlf nth. Raymond Bur
rill., Lloyd Bradley. Jamleson Chalres Bryan
Chalres. Robert Crawford. George bonohue
Willie Daniels. Willie Heywcod George^Heyl
wood. Gerald Hampton. Walter Hlgglns Al
bert Monro. Howard Murphy Constantlne' Per
kins, Donald Roach. Carl Sandow, Veedf r
South. Normal Slater. Robert Smyth, Carrol
Scott. Sydney Vincent. Edward Wctmore . Hen
ry Keeler. Archie Butler. Robert Butler Paul
Bartlett. George Bootes. George Seamon|- Her
man Murphy. Donald Rogers. Edward Tripp.
The patronesses of the. club are:
to tire out the boy with the biggest
muscles In Berkeley. 'M»£
The proceeds of the fcwo entertain
ments will be divided between the two
boys' companies. The Junior Cadets
will use their share of it to purchase
a regimental flag, of which they are In
need.
The Junior Cadets were organized by
the members of the -Hillside Mothers'
Club: The object is to * interest boys
of tender years In man jr; exercises and
to teach them . discipline. There - are
about seventy-five boyj^. In the two
companies, A and B, all. uniformed and
armed with small guns. They are
drilled twice a, week by the drillmaster,
M. R. Van Woriner of the University
of California. The boys are divided
Into the following groups:
OAKLAND, Nov. 28.— Dr. Michael
Heinmann, a pioneer physician of this
State, died last Thursday af his home
at Twenty-third avenue and East
Twenty-second street. Dr. Heinmann
was a native of Alsace and came to
California in 1849. For the last twenty
years he has resided in this city. The
deceased leaves a \vif>. and three chil
dren, Dr. John M. Heinmann, Mrs. *J.
Peltier and Mrs. H. Heath. The funeral
will be held at 2 p. m. Sunday from
the family residence, j
Pioneer Physician Dead.
OAKLAND, Nov. 28.— The restaurant
conducted by C. A. Leach and his .wife,
between Ninth and Tenth streets on
Broadway, has been attached by cred
itors and the proprietors have appar
ently left town, as they gave up their
rooms at 620 Ninth street last night.
The writ of attachment was sued out
by P. Baker, who holds a $160 meat bill
against the establishment. Mrs. Sarah
Clancy holds a chattel mortgage of
$550. The restaurant is In the hands of
Deputy Constable O'Donnell.
Creditoxs Attach. Restaurant.
Seventy-six years ago Navarino was
fought, and the British Admiral Sir E.
Ommonney is now the sole survivor Of
that eventful day. The admiral, who
was but 13 years of age, was serving
as a midshipmate on board H.M.S.
Albion, seventy-four guns, commanded
by his uncle, Captain J. A.- Ommanney.
The veteran admiral has still ln^ his
possession the scimitar which "was
taken from the Turkish admiral on that
eventful day, and. he is ever ready to
relate incidents o£ the battle in which
he is Justly proud of having been en
gaged. The admiral, who is now sec
ond senior admiral on the retired list,
has seen considerable service in addi
tion to the above. He served at the
landing of the British army at Lisbon,
also as a mate In the King's yacht the
Royal George, conveying Queen Ade
laide to Holland and back in 1834, and
as lieutenant on an expedition to Baf
fin Bay in search of missing whale
ships in 1S36. He commanded H.M.S.
Vesuvius, 1841-44, and was for fifteen
months stationed at Athens during the
revolution there. He was thanked by
the French Government for floating
stranded French corvettes, protected
British interests on | the coast of Mo
rocco, and was present at the bombard
ment of Tangier in 1844. He was also
employed as relief inspector during the
famine In Ireland, 1846-48, was second
In command of the Arctic expedition.
1850-51, and was the first to discover
traces of Franklin's missing expedition.
The admiral,- who Is now in his nine
tieth year, is at. present staying with
his son, the Rev. E.V O. , Ommanney,
late commander R. N., at St. Michael's
Vicarage, . Portsmouth. — Philadelphia
Evening Telegram.
The Sole Survivor of Navarino.
A young woman of means, who has
made ud her mind to enter business
life, decided to dispose of most of her
evening gowns, wraps, hats and other
accessories, for which she did not think
she would have time or use In her new
life. They were handsome clothes,
right ud to date, and reserving' but a
little part of what she termed her "so
ciety outfit," she offered the rest for
sale to her girl iriend3. Tu- sale was
managed tactfully, a number of special
friends being invited to luncheon, and
afterward asked upstairs to their hos
tess' room, where the articles were
displayed. to excellent advantage. The
hostess announced that she was pre
pared to dispose of them, and named
such moderate prices that In half an
hour the wardrobe had changed hands.
—Brooklyn Eagle.
The Thrifty Bich Girl.
When Motorman A. Portain discov
ered that his car was on flre, without
faying anything to the passengers, he
turned on full power and raced his car
to Berkeley station, where water v.-as
eecured and the fire extinguished. The
damaged car was then hauled to the
shop.
The passengers did not know the rea-
Bon of their wild ride until after they
had left the car, which was In charge
of Conductor George Clayton.
BERKELEY. Nov. 2S.— Car No. 199,
with several passengers on board, was
eet on. fire by "shorted" wires on the 6
o'clock trip from Oakland last night,
and before the blaze was discovered It
had gained considerable headway.
HOTOBHAN MAKES TBIP
WITH BURNING CAB
To-morrow the Keane. Company will
commence its last week with a pro
duction of "The Vagabond Prince."
This drama dates back to the time of
Louis XII [ and Richelieu and in addi
tion to the splendid scenery Mr. Keane
carries with him the management of
the theater has provided a lot of spe
cial scenery in order that nothing may
be lacking for the success of the piece.
The efforts of Manager Charles Cook
to please the public are appreciated by
Oakland, theater- goers.
OAKLAND. Nov. 28.— The Keane
Company closed its third week at the
Dewey Theater this evening with a
splendid production of the great drama,
"Quo Vadis." The house was packed
to the doors.- •
Will Close Month's Engagement With
Production of "The Vagabond
Prince."
KEANE COMPAmr BEGINS
FINAL WEEK AT DEWEY
A "bill of divorce" now separates the
Rev. Alfred Bayley, former pastor of the
Fourth Congregational Church In this
city, from his wife, Mrs. Minnie Bayley.
Judge Melvln to-day signed the decree
prayed for by Mrs. Bayley and - also
awarded to her $40 a month alimony and
the custody of their child, Paul.
Incompatibility of temperament Is al
leged to be the cause of the final sepa
ration of the divine and his wife. For- a
few years they were both prominently
connected with church work In thia city.
Then suddenly, while achieving 1 fame as
a preacher and organizer, he resigned his
pulpit. Afterward Mrs. Bayley went to
live with her mother In Fruitvale and
he went for a tour in Europe. At the
end of a year she brought suit for di
vorce on the ground of desertion. A gen
eral denial of her allegations was made
on behalf of Bayley, but no further ap
pearance was made In the case, and to
day an Interlocutory decree of divorce
was handed down In accordance with the
testimony.
Suit for divorce was begun to-day by
Laura Petersen against Herman M. W.
Petersen on the ground of desertion.
Katie Diendonne is suing Victor Dlen
donne for divorce on the ground of cru
elty. They were married in Philadelphia
In 1896 and have two children, for whoso
support she asks $25 a month. \
Suit for divorce was Instituted to-day
by Mary A. James against William M.
James'' on the ground of desertion.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Nov. 28.
Mrs. Alfred Bay ley Se
cures Decree for
Desertion. '
Colonel and Mrs. George French and
Brigadier George Wood will conduct
special services at both the Sunday
meetings during the Salvation Army's
"Red Crusade." which begins this even-
Ing at the Armory, 52S Ninth street,
and continues for ten days. Music
during the crusade will be furnished
by the "Red Crusade Brass Band."
OAKLAND, Nov. 2S.— The eighth in
the series of oratorio services by the
choir of the First Congregational
Church will be held to-morrow evening
at 7:20. Among the numbers on the pro
gramme is Weber's famous Jubilee
(harvest) cantata, which will be sung
by a chorus of sixty voices, and the
f iloninp soloists: Mrs. Grace Davis
Northrop, soprano; Mrs. Carroll Nich
olson, contralto; Arthur a. Macurda,
i"nr-r. and Walter E. Nicholson, bass.
Weber's celebrated "Jubel" overture
will be played by Organist W. B. King.
The choir and music is under the di
rection of Alexander Stewart.
At the morning service in the Nor
v.egian-Panish M. E. Church the Rev.
E. J. Lundpaard will preach on "En
couragerrent — The Right Kind at the
Right Time." The subject of the even
ing service will be "God's Care for
Man."
Weber's Jubilee Cantata Will Be
Sung by Choir — Salvation. Army's
"Bed Crusade."
0BAT0BI0 SERVICE AT
CONGBEGATIOlfAL OhLUKCH
The Students' Toungr Men's Christian Asso
ciation will rend the following named as del
egates to the annual students' conference to
be held from December 20 to January 5 at
PaciHc Grove: C. W. Batdorf. A. H. Beck
wlih, W. L. Borthwick. J. B. Case. F. E.
Collier. P, A. Dick, P. R. Fulton. F. C. Gale.
C. H. Lee, F. H. Matthison. II. McCoon. J.
P. Mooar. W. H. Murray, W. J. Mucgrove, B.
H. Paddock. I. B. Rhodes. E. R. Klddell, F.
f. Steck. W. J. Smith E. K. Stronir. F. M.
Thompson, M. E. Walte. J. M. 'Wolfsohn, .1.
G. White. F. S. Young, H. K. Irwin. C, D.
Hurrey, State college secretary of Michigan,
will address the students of Berkeley on De
cember S in Stiles Hall.
The Winters Farmers' Institute at its last
meeting adopted resolutions commendatory of
the university, saying that the . people were
profitably entertained by Its professors, who
instructed them in practical methods In orchard
and field, and inviting them to attend the next
Institute.
The Stockton Chamber of Commerce has sent
a letter of thanks to the unlverelty for the
presence of President Wheeler, tVotessors E.
J. Wlckson, Samuel Fortier and E. W. Major
at the recent celebration of the completion
of the Irrigation system at Manteca, .San
Joaquin County, each having taken part In
the ceremonies.
BERKELEY. Nov. £S. — The old shed, near
the Agricultural Colleee is being:- fitted up at
a bacteriological laboratory for the use of Dr.
A, R. Ward, the veterinarian of the depart
ment. This was necessary because of the
abandonment of the plan to use the old "sheet
Iron" building, formerly used Tor the mueeum,
the bulldlne having been found to be too Iso
lated. The agricultural department Is In need
of more room and Professor HiUard, dean cf
the department, says a new building .is really
needed. Assemblyman. Waste expresses him
self as tn favor of securing an appropriation
of $250, COO 'for a new building at the next
Legislature. <
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
Brown had only been out of San
Queatin two days when he was ar
rested for burglary here. He had Just
6erved a sentence on the same charge
Zrom Monterey County. He was
caught coming out of the house of
ilrs. Martha O'Brien on Cedar Etreet,
and pleaded guilty to a charge of burg
lary before Judge Ellsworth, who sen
tenced him to eight years at Folsom.
He left San Quentin on November 3
and was in the County Jail here on
the evening of the 5th inst.
Last night he tore his bedding into
6trips and made a rope with which to
hang himself. Just as he was about
to complete his design his prepara
tions aroused Louis Kallish, a fellow
prisoner, who threatened to give an
alarm If he proceeded with his prepar
ations for death, and he was forced to
desist. This morning the rope and the
torn blankets were discovered and Kal
lish told the story of Brown's defeated
purpose.
George M. Brown, a convict, await
ing removal to the penitentiary, dis
gusted with his luck, attempted to
hnng himself In his cell at the County
Jail last night. Bright and early this
morning he was taken to Folsom,
where it is expected occupation will
keep him from brooding over the tide
of adversity that is slowly carrying
him onto the shoals of moral ship
wreck.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, Nov. 28.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, Nov. 28.
Mayor Warren Olney has returned
from his northern trip, having been gone
but nine days, and he is once more tak
ing his usual active Interest in the af
fairs of the city. Most of his time in
the north was spent attending to private
business, but he found opportunity while
away to do much work that will.be of
benefit to Oakland,.
The Mayor had little to say of his trip
north, as the results of his observations
have been published In the letter sent by
him to the press of this city. There was
little to add to the letter, he said.
"A summary of my observations," said
the Mayor, "is that wooden stave pipe is
more serviceable for large water mains
than steel. There is practically no wear
to it. while the life of steel pipe is short
In some kinds of soil.
"In the cities of the north there is a
civic pride and a public spirit that it
does one good to see. Oakland Is awak
ening in this direction and it can with
benefit to itself develop this spirit.
"Oakland has the advantage of the
north In the matter of climate. While I
was away I only saw the sun a few
times. When I looked out of the car
window on the trip down and saw the
stars shining. I knew that we had
crossed the Siskiyou Mountains and were
once more in California."
The Mayor will fit once resume his
work upon the forthcoming bond issue.
The day ended with this entertain
ment and the two companies of boys
left for their homes after a day that
was full of Incident and lively enough
LEAVE FOB HOMES.
In the afternoon an old-time minstrel
show and farce were given at Shattuck
Hall. Sidney Peixotto acted as inter
locutor and made his friends In black
faces and outlandish clothes do all the
funny things he could think of. The
tambourine endmen were John Lavell,
George Hammer and Charles Norton
and the bones endmen were Abe Apple
ton, Eugene Richards and Harry
O'Day. The endmen provided all sorts
of fun and kept the audience in a roar
most of the time. The other entertain
ers were Joseph McKeon and William
Prangs. Ed Penaluna and Bert Talcott.
The farce. "Mush." followed the min
strel show and the same boys took
part In it, with the addition of Joseph
Moriarity.
After a band concert on the street
this evening by the Columbia Park
Boys' Band a vaudeville performance
was given in the same hall. The prin
cipal feature at this entertainment was
the singing of the chorus of forty
voices under Major Peixotto, with Fred
Maurer Jr. as accompanist. The other
performers were Walter Roesner, cor
netist; Herman Stein, Louis Stein, Hy
man Raphael, Sam Shallf, Hyman
Rosenthal, club swingers; Harry
O'Day. vocalist; Abe Appleton and
John Lavel, humorists; Eugene Rich
ards, Dutch comedian; Columbia Park
Drum and Bugle Corps; Bert Talbot,
balladist; Ed Healey, monologist;
George Schlltter, Herman Stein, Louis
Stein, Ed Burke, Frank Noble, Emll
Mulheim. Adolph Mulheim and Sam
Shalif. tumblers; Joe Moriarity and Ed
Penaluna, comedians. The last num
ber was a dashing farce, called "Rosle.
a Girl From Paris."
GIVE MINISTREL DANCE.
"Boys, I want to compliment you all
on your military appearance and drill
ing. I want particularly to com
pliment Columbia Drum Corps. You
know the manual of arms and
how to march and I think your officers
must know their business. This is a
good work the companies are doing, be
cause it teaches obedience and disci
pline and at the same time gives the
boys amusement. When you grow up
you will find that you have learned
more than you think, and I would ad
vise you always to be as soldierly and
patient as you can."
Major Peixotto, replying In a brief
address, said that the Columbia Park
boys were delighted with their Berke
ley visit and hoped the friendships
formed during the day would be
cemented Into more lasting ones in the
future.
At the noon hour the Columbia boys
were the guests at the homes of the
Junior Cadets, each of whom enter
tained as many boys as his mother
could accommodate. The same plan
was carried out during the dinner hour
this evening.
After that. Company A of the Junior
Cadets drilled, and though they have
only been practicing two months, the
boys stepped around In perfect unison.
The boys were then addressed by Pro
fessor Walter Magee, physical instruc-*
tor of the University of California, who
said:
The Columbia Park boys' battalion
was met at Berkeley station at 10
o'clock this morning by the Junior Ca
dets and escorted to Harmon Gymna
sium In the university grounds. The
Junior Cadets, In kahki uniforms with
blue trimmines, led the way under
command vf Captain M. R. Van Wor
mer. The Columbia Park boys, mar
tialed by Major Sidney Peixotto, showed
off well in blue uniforms with light blue
trimmings. The two comrrfands
marched in perfect order and were ap
plauded all alons the route. The Co
lumbia Drum Corps and the Columbia
Bugle Corps made the air ring with the
martial beat and call, which made
everybody think a whole army had
come to capture Berkeley.
The Columbia Park boys gave an ex
hibition drill in the gymnasium just to
show what they can do under arms.
The whole command, 130 in all. marched
around and wheeled around and per
formed the most difficult evolutions
with the greatest ease, with hardly any
word from Major Peixotto. They
marched in twos and fours and eights
and swept around in long lines without
making a break, every new formation
getting a cheer from the spectators.
COMPANY A DBILLS.
BERKELEY. Nov. 28.— The Columbia
Park Boys' Club of San Francisco spent
to-day in Berkeley as the guest of the
Berkeley Junior Cadets. There was a
variety of entertainment for every hour
of the day and hardly a dull moment
until the little sleepy heads went home
to-night to dream ot nice things to eat
and the funny end man in the minstrel
show.
City Trustee W. M. Bowers said:
"Thus far no definite plan of action
with respect to the rejected franchises
has been outlined by the City Trustees.
We passed the ordinances awarding the
franchises, but they were not adver
tised. This method was pursued by the
City Clerk at my suggestion, as it
would have been loss of money to pay
for advertising franchises until we
knew they were accepted. What action
will now be taken with the ordinances
passed will depend on the advice of the
City Attorney." -¦»,.;
ALAMEDA. Nov. 28.— Now that Gen
eral Manager Julius Kruttschnitt, rep
resenting the Southern and Central Pa
ciflc railway companies, has refused to
accept the two local franchises as
awarded to those corporations by the
City Trustees, the latter are not falling
over themselves in a hasty effort tct
make the management another propo
sition. On the contrary, some of the
municipal legislators feel that they
have been treated in an undignified
and shabby manner by the railroad
powers after laboring hard for five
months to deal fairly by the companies
in the face of strong opposition from
citizens who believed that the Southern
Pacific and Central Pacific were de
manding too many privileges from the
people of Alameda. It is not unlikely
thatfthe City Trustees will allow the
matter of the franchises to remain as it
Is for some time. They do not believe
that it would do any harm, and a ces
sation of the agitation may serve to
clear the 'Situation, so" that when fur
ther action is decided upon more satis
factory results may be obtained. In
speaking of the refusal of Manager
Kruttschnitt to accept the franchises
as granted President Joseph F. For
derer of the City Trustees said:
"I have not read Mr. Kruttschnltt's
letter very carefully, or in full, and
therefore ' do not know just what he
wants or expects. I have been in Los
Angeles for three weeks and am some
what out i2 touch with the matter of
the franchises, but was not greatly sur
prised to learn that they had been re
fused. I have not given the situation
much thought as yet and have no plans
for disposing of the question when it
comes up again. I have not conferred
with any other of the City Trustees,
and do not know how they feel about
the matter."
City Trustee Charles J. Hammond
said: "I think the railroad managers
may have future cause to regret that
they refused the franchises as we of
fered them. We had reasons to believe
that the franchises would be accepted
on the twenty-five-year basis. It Is dis
appointing to some of us to feel that
after struggling with the franchise
matter for five months. endeav
oring to treat the railroad companies
justly and contending with strong op
position from residents, our work
should count for naught. I, for one. am
willing to let the question of the dis
posal of the franchises rest for a time.
I do not think the city will suffer
through delay, and the management of
the railroad companies may think bet
ter of the terms we offered."
If the project justifies the hopes of
the university the theater will corre
spond to the world-famous "La Come
dle Francalse" and "L'Odeon" of Paris,
the national theaters of France, both
of which have a wide influence in the
education of the French people.
The nucleus for the proposed fund is
to be gained from a concert that Is to
be given by the Royal Italian Band in
the Greek theater on December 9, for
which an excellent programme has been
arranged. In case of rain, however, the
concert will be given in the Harmon
Gymnasium.
The "National Theater," that thing
so often talked about but always
thought of as something for the dim
future, is in a fair way to be estab
lished at the University of California.
The West, that probably all those who
talked about this airy castle never
di^amed of as entitled, to the distinc
tion, is to have the "National Theater."
The project was suggested to Presi
dent Wheeler and the members of the
faculty by Ben Greet, manager -of , the
company of English players that played
"Twelfth Night" in the new Greek
open-air theater. Mr. Greet spoke of
a national theater one day at a univer
sity meeting, but he, like many othe'rs
who had gone before him, did not have
California in mind when he spoke of it.
Mr. Greet's remarks gave the cue to
one of the faculty, however, and from
an Idea grew the first tangible effort to
ward securing the theater. President
Wheeler was made a party to the plan,
and out of a conference came a com
mittee with well-deflned powers for for
mulating still more substantial plans
for the project. This committee is com
posed of men who contributed so large
ly to the success of the recent dramatic
festival which signalized the dedica
tion of the Greek theater, its members
being Professor William D. Armes,
Lincoln Hutchinson and J. B. Lanfleld.
Now this committee Is first' charged
with securing a fund for the "National
Theater," for, of course, such a thing
could not be conducted without money.
To secure the fund the committee will
Invite dramatic companies playing In
the West to come to the university and
present their plays in the Greek thea
ter, the proceeds of which performances
will be stored up for future use. In
the course of a few years such a fund
will be accumulated in this way as will
permit the university to invite the his
trionic talent of the world to its "Na
tional Theater." It Is Intended that
only the very best talent will be In
vited to perform and the committee of
direction will have entire charge. Man
agers of theatrical troops, it is expect
ed, will be glad of the opportunity to
bring their companies here, becahse of
the advertisement and the prestige of
the university.
The large fund that will be created
within the next few years will permit
the university not only to import talent
from everywhere in the world, but also
to make the performances practically
free. And that Is what is meant by a
"National Theater" — a place where the
productions will be the best and at the
same time inexpensive.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street. Nov. 28.
PREACHER'S WIFE
GIVEN A DIVORCE
For paying, attentions to his wife,
whom he alleges to be insane, Thomas
Wand of Fruitvale yesterday jammed
the face of Robert Cords Jr. into a rock
pile until it looked like a hammered
beefsteak. Wand says ta will now be
forced to have his wife brought before
the insanity commission and examined
as to her mental balance. Cords says
he only acted the part of a friend to
Mrs. Wand and protected her from the
brutality of her husband.
The matter came up in Justice of the
Peace Geary's court this afternoon,
where both men were cited to appear
on a charge of disturbing the peace.
Wand also had an additional charge of
battery lodged against him by Cords.
He pleaded guilty to both offenses and
the matter of sentence was taken un
der advisement by the Judge. Cords
pleaded not guilty and has demanded a
trial.
Cords is the young real estate agent
who recently figured in a sensational
midnight marriage with a' reputed heir
ess at a well known restaurant in this
city. Each believed the other to be
well provided with : this world's goods
and the awakening came with the
morning, when they discovered that
neither had a cent. He is charged by
Wand with taking Mrs. Wand to va
rious resorts while she was in an un
balanced state of mind. Yesterday the
two men met at East Fourteenth street
and Fruitvale avenue, where the en
counter took place.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Nov. 28.
Fellow - Frlsoner Threatens
to Give Alarm and
He Desists.
Outline No Plan of Action
With Re3pect to the
Ordinances.
Work on the Eond Issue Is
at Onca Resumed by >
Executive.
Drills, Minstrel Show and
Feasts Make Young
sters Happy.
Performances to Be Given
Intended to Provide
a Nucleus.
Robert Cords Jr. Is Severely
Punished by T. Wand of
Fruitvale.
Downhearted Burglar
Fashions Rope to
End His Life.
Says Woman Is Insane
and Unable to Care
for Herself.
University to" Raise
Funds by Novel
Means.
Says It Is Good to Be
Back in Oakland
Once More.
Berkeley Junior Cadets
Entertain Columbia
Park Boys.
Alameda Officials Lose
No Sleep Over the
Franchises.
MILITARY LADS
PASS MERRY DAY
BROWN WOULD
HANG HIMSELF
CITY TRUSTEES
CEASE TO WORRY
BACKS NATIONAL
THEATER SCHEME
HUSBAND BEATS
WIFE'S ESCORT
MAYOR OLNEY
RETURNS HOME
Mrs. Selim E. Woodworth of Chan
ning..way : entertained a large ; number
of friends , at an at home Wednesday.
Mrs. ;Seton Lindsay of Oakland, /Mrs.
Woodworth's cousin, ; was the honored
guest. -Mrs. ; Woodworth was assisted
in receiving by ;Mrs^ George H. Mar
tinez,- Mrs. James T. ' Wethered, Mrs.
Emlle Kruse. Mrs* ' Emma ; Merritt of
Baltimore, -Miss Adelaide Merriman "of
Bellefont." Pal ; «¦ Mrs. ~ ; William ? Radford
of ; San ', Francisco; '. Miss '> Radford : and
Mrs. \ Edward " Selfridge Jr.
BERKELEY, Nov. 28.— The engage
ment of Miss Agnes Forgie and Fred
erick A. Horswill is announced. Miss
Forgie is a graduate student at the Uni
versity of California and a daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. Hugh Forgie of 3046 Ful
ton street. She is a member of the class
of '03. Mr. Hor8wHl is assistant super
intendent of mines of the Stone Canyon
Coal Company of Monterey County. No
time has yet been set for. the wedding.
The annual dinner of the Gamma Phi
Beta sorority at the sorority house, 2419
Channing way, Tuesday evening, was
also the occasion for the celebration of
the birthdays of two of the members,
Miss Bess Patton and Miss Veda Red
ington, though the birthdays did not
arrive until/Thanksgiving day. .Thirty
three young ladles were seated about
the banquet table. Toasts were given
and the class cries rangout often. The
banquet room, was handsomely deco-
Tated with ' autumn leaves, great
bunches of chrysanthemums and blue
and gold ribbons. Among those present
were Miss, Inez Whipple, Miss Pearl
Curtiss. Miss Greta Augustine, Miss
Bess ; Patton, Miss Carmfel Rhey, Miss
Cecil Harrold, Miss Marin Waterhouse,
Miss Zoe Rhey, I Miss Lulu Minor, Miss
Wanda Muir, Miss Marietta Edwards
and Miss Margaret Henderson. .
A delightful dinner party was given
by Mr. and Mrs. E. Silvernail at their
pleasant home in Oakland on Sunday,
November 22, at which announcement
was made of the engagement of Miss
Bertha F. Silvernail ' to Edward W.
Kruckeberg of Alameda.
Those present were: Mr. and Mrs. E.
Silvernail, Miss Bertha F. Silvernail, E.
W. Kruckeberg, Mr. and Mrs. F.
Kruckeberg, Colonel and Mrs. A. P.
Hodges, Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Maguire,
Mr. and Mrs. A. E. Bradley, Mr. and
Mrs. Charles KelnT, Mr. and Mrs. J. J.
Naegle. Mr. and Mrs. F. L. Willard.
Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Emigh, Mr. and
Mrs. Decker, Mr. and Mrs. Hoff, Mrs.
E. W. Bushnell, Mrs. A. C." ' Hansen,
Miss Delores Selcer, Miss Katherine
Gianelll, Miss Emma Naegle, Miss Jo
sie Naegle, Miss A. Mae Willard, Dr. C.
F. Hansen, George Naegle, Garnett
Bothwell and Master Albert Silvernail.
Mr. and Mrs. William Synham Shiels
(nee Bennett) are expected home In a
few days from San Mateo, where they
have been spending their honeymoon at
the beautiful country home of Mr.
Shiels' brother, Dr. George Shiels.
Their home on Jackson street is be
ing rapidly put into shape for occu
pancy and as soon as the bridal couple
are comfortably domiciled much of
their time will have to be devoted to
their friends, as a number of pleasant
affairs are being planned in their
honor, the first being a luncheon, which
Mrs. Frank P. Deering will give - on
December 3.
Mrs. Robert Cryan, who has been in
Oakland several weeks on a visit to
her mother, Mrs. Henry Matthews, ex
pects to return to her home in Rome
in about ten days. Her. brother, W. H.
J. Matthews, will accompany her to
Europe. Before leaving, Oakland Mrs.
Cryan will be the guest' of.. honor at a
luncheon given by Mrs. 'James Moffltt.
• • •
The luncheon at the Palace grill
which Mrs. Henry Rosenfeld will give
next Wednesday will without doubt be
one of the season's most brilliant af
fairs. It is in honor of Mrs. Rosenfeld's
two sisters, the Misses . Dunphy, who
have been extravagantly entertained
since coming to California, both here
and in San Francisco. There will be a
large contingent from Oakland at the
luncheon, as Mrs. Rosenfeld has as
many friends here as on the other side.
• • •
Mrs. Charles Lovell, one of the most
winsome young society matrons of Oak
land, will entertain at cards next Sat
urday.
Mrs. Beach Soule will entertain a
number of her friends Monday after
noon in her apartments at the Metro
pole Hotel. The affair is to be quite
informal, the guests all bringing their
Christmas sewing.
Mtsb Moore and Miss Barry will both
be- April brides. April, by the way,
seems to be the favorite month with
many of the recently engaged girls, as
several notable weddings 'will take
place then, Miss Wilhelmine Koenig
and Dr. Morey having also selected the
"month of smiles and tears."
Miss Lucretia Burnham has sent out
invitations for a large card" party, so
on next .Wednesday the Burnhams'
beautiful colonial home will be filled
with a merry crowd of young people,
as the young hostess is one of the most
popular society girls in Oakland and
has a large circle of warm friends. The
affair is complimentary to Miss Jac
queline Moore and Miss Edna Barry,
two young brides who are being lavish
ly entertained everywhere.
Miss Burnham will be assisted next
Wednesday by Mrs. Dan Belden, Miss
Florlne Brown, Miss Mollie Mathes,
Miss Edith Beck, Miss May Coogan,
Miss Helen Chase, Miss Elsie Everson,
Miss Jean Downey and Miss Marion
Smith.
• • ¦
OAKLAND, Nov. 28.— Several large
affairs have been planned for next
week, the most Important, perhaps, be
ing the assembly next Friday night at
Reed Hall. , Elaborate preparations are
being made, new gowns are being
fashioned for the occasion and the sup
per, which will be served as usual in
the Ebell room, promises to be a verit
able feast. The "prom" in Berkeley
takes place the same night, but a num
ber of the college boys have agreed to
attend the assembly also, although at
a late hour.
The patronesses are taking an unus
ual interest in the assembly this year
and consequently the young people are
anticipating the "time of their lives"
next Friday night. The patronesses
are Mrs. W. H. Chickering, Mrs. Q. A.
Chase, Mrs. T. C. Coogan, Mrs. W. S.
Goodfellow, Mrs. H. W. Kates, Mrs.
D. H. Mathes, Mrs. J. F. Sims and Mrs.
E. M. Walsh.
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
THE SAN FKAKCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 29, 1903.
• An . obnoxious . form - ol - light ' lit eratura
is the gas bin.
Lending . a man : a Collar la a deed of
trust,
39
ms.oo down
Will recure the ideal CHRISTMAS PRESENT balance payable $1.00 per week.
We refer to the - ,
CRAPHOPHONE.
Columbia Grsphophones and records were awarded the Grand Prize at the Paris
Exposition of 1800. and by the Grand Jury of the American people last year, this
year, and so lone* as Talkins* Machines shall be made. Machines ranee In price
from %Z.M to $100. In records we furnleh every kind of talkins machine cylindrical
record*. BLACK. HARD AND BMOOTH AS EBONT. Fit any machine usins cylin-
drical records. •-•i--
25 CENTS EACH.
Disc records. 7-1 n.. SO cents: 10-ln.. $1.00; 14-ln.. $2.00 each. Fit any talkins
icachlne using flat disc recos^s. . .
For eele anywhere by dealers and by the
COLUMBIA PHONOGRAPH CO.,
Ploseers and leaders in the Talkins Machine art.
San FraDcisco»-I25 GEARY ST. Oakland~4*8 THIRTEENTH ST.
OPEN SATURDAY EVSNINGS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
a $25.00 FOR A CURE SE g
S ACUTE CASES ONE HALF PRICE. jj
K2 q p At the request of numerous applicants to piac: my ¦
§T fee within their reach, I have decided to make a special ¦
rate for treatment- food ant II Dee. 15th. 1903, and °
.while the offer lasts will giv; a written guarantee S
to cure* ¦ ' a
All Diseases and Weaknesses of Men, such H
as Lost Vlf or, Premature Decay. Nervous Debll- a
Ity, Rupture, Tumors, Var'cocele, Stricture, Con- ¦
traded Aliments, Specific Blood Poison, Eczema, ¦
Sleeplessness, Rheumatism, Neural XI a. Kidney 3
Diseases, Bladder Diseases. Spine Diseases, Heart **
Diseases, Skin Diseases, Stomach Diseases, Rectal z
Diseases, etc., or 'Any Uncomplicated Aliment for q
Q a Fee of Only 525.00. o
H ??" m 0^ 831^' No physician with an ! established reputation has B
m d5i£ ever before given thi public such a gemrous proposi- ¦
¦ O ' O tlon and you should not let it pass you by. B
| REMEMBER— Cures Guaranteed or Money Refunded. Jj
S -*' I make no charge for a friendly talk or correspondence. I have been exclusively H
¦ ' ' treating special diseases of men for 17 years. - Nothing science can devise or money I
m ¦ buy Is lacking in my office equipment. I will use you honestly, treat you skillfully |J
m and restor* tou to health in the shortest time.- with the least medicine, discomfort sj
S »nd expense practicable. I gniarantee to cure any case I undertake. One personal _.
¦ visit is always preferred, but if you cannot call at my office write me your symptoms **
¦ fully. Many cases can b* cured at home. FREE BOOK describing my specialty at w
¦ offlce or by mail.: g
¦T C. K. HOLSMAN^
SaaBBBBIBaillBIEBlBBBIlflBBBHaiDBIIIBaJBBaiBiaflll
ADVERTISEMENTS.SAN JOSE. Nov. : 28.^The movement
of apples this ssaeon began early, and
up to date about 1200 carloads have
been shipped from the Santa Clara Val
ley and.WatsonvlUe : districts. Th« ship
ments have been divided between Lon-
San Jose Apple Shipments Heavy.
Tha cars met at full speed at the bot
tom of a srade and turn durins a dense
fo£. Cnly the fact that the electric
company forbids passengers the use cf
the front platform during fogs pre
vented !<%s o- Hfs.
SEATTLE, Wash.. Nov. 2S.— V,'. W.
Hammond, a mott-rman, was seriously
and perhaps fatally injured In a head
on (jojllsion of street cars this momin?.
Seven others were slightly Injured, in
cludlns the motorman of tha other car.
Head-On Collision in Seattle Causes
Injury to a Nunbcr of
) Persons.
STREET RAILWAY CARS
CLASH IN DENSE TOO
XAPA. Kov.^8.-A new railroad pro
ject in Napa has Just baen made public
The enterprise is- headed by a corpora
tion known as the San Francisco and
Napa Railway Company, the incor
porators being Sydney Van Wyck Jr
A; D. Harrison and W. M. Allen of San
Francisco and E. D. Beard and H. P.
Goodman of Napa.
The road is to connect with the Cali
fornia Northwestern near Shellvllle
Sc-noma County, and then make the
route from Naoa to San Francisco via
Tiburon Point to insure a gain of forty
five minutes tn makingr the trip and to
reduce the number of changes one-half.
On the.Orndorff tract west of Napa a
depot -is to be erected. Rights of way
have been secured by a local committee
of five and as scon as these are paid
for the company proposes to have the
road completed and in operation within
one year.
Corporation Proposes to Build a Lina
to Connect With Tiburon
* Point.
RAILS WILL BE LAID
IN THE NAPA REGION
Charles J. Mackintosh, engineer of the
new ferry steamer Jan Jose. "who is the
defendant In a suit for divorce brought
by Marguerite Mackintosh, his talented
&nd handsome young wife, whom he
wooed and won while she was a passen
ger on the vessel plying between this
port and Seattle on which he was engi
neer, will not allow the ties uniting them
to be severed without a struggle. Yes
terday he filed an answer to her com
plaint, denying that he ever treated her
cruelly. In a cross-complaint he charges
her with being the cause of the rift in
their matrimonial happiness.
Mackintosh says he is a much-abused
Individual, a martyr to a young woman's
ungovernable temper and a prey. to the
ldiocyncradcs of a wife he had treated
with all the deference and respect and
love due from a loving and faithful and
affectionate husband. He charges that
his wife, without his consent, left the
home at 635 Golden Gate avenue he had
provided for her upon tbeir arrival in
this city after their hasty marriage at
Seattle. She -went to live, he says, with
her mother nt 1748 Larkln street, and he,
much against- his will, was compelled to
take up his residence under the same
roof with his mother-in-law. He says
his life there was a very unhappy one
and ended only when his mother-in-law
and young wife ordered him out last Oc
tober. t 'Y,r"
Mackintosh alleges further, in support
of his charge, that Mrs. Mackintosh has
never treated him with the respect he
feels is his due. that she squandered his
earnings and" is extravagant to a degree.
He says that sho has not only injudi
ciously expended his salary of 1150 a
month, but has pawned numerous keep
sakes that he held In great regard and
would not have parted with under any
circumstances. She has also pawned his
library, he says, and to add to his humil
iation, has borrowed money from people
with whom she had but a slight ac
quaintance. Her crowning act of cruelty,
avers Mackintosh, was her statement
that she no longer loved him; that she
hated hlni. ~ ¦• . •; ;
Suits for , divorce for desertion were
filed by Richard E. CaMahan against
Rose Callahan and Margaret Gray
against Edward Gray. Intemperance
and cruelty are charged In the 'suit
brought . by . Elizabeth Everding against
Hernmn Everding. and * in • ¦ the action
commenced v by Belle Robinson against
James Robinson desertion and: cruelty
are charged. /
ROME Nov. 2S. — Runor* that the Emperor
or Germany win shortly arrive In Italy to
*T«id « '« w we^ks dur!t»«j Ms period of con
valescence continue in circulation.
Engineer Mackintosh
Answers Her Suit
for Divorca. ,
OPPOSES PLEA
OF YOUNG WIFE
This sum. ha* never before be«n real
ized in this country by even "Ben Hur"
during any four weeks' run. and will go
to prove that San Francisco is a great
field for leadlns attractions. The largest
we«k of the engagement amounted to
$£M>3, and vai the fourth and last of
the play's stay. The matinee yesterday
afternoon brought in th* largest recelpta
for any single performance, the amount
being $4C24. and the number of people
In the house amounted to 3273. whjch in
cludes the many that were standing.
The orders from the country by mall
c'urJns the engagement of "Ben Hur"
were encrmous, and seats tr> the amount
of over 125,000 were purchased by citi
zens roi-iding in the country. There were
hundreds turned away at every perform
ance during the laat two weeks, anil
many who came from the country were
urablc to sec the play. The largest out
of-town ' party came from Los Angles
and numbered nearly three hundred. The
special excursion rates were rcs-llly
taken advantage of.
The record-breaking engagement of
"Ben Hur" came to a clpse last night at
the Grand O^era-house after having
brought to the theater the greatest num
ber of people that has ever attended a
dramatic performance in this country in
the same period of time. An enormous
amount of money has been taken in dur
ing this encasement, and it will sum ur»
something like $128,000 for the thirty
three performances.
San Francisco Leads All Cities,
$128,000 Being: Collected for
33 Performances.
RECORD BREAKING RUN OP
"BEN HUR'^AT THE GRAND
One of the chief attractions of the
famous melodrama, "Over Niagara
Falls," which opens th§ combination
feason at the Grand Opera-house this
afternoon will be Louise Barrett in the
role of. Mildred Roslyn, an orphan
heiress." Miss Barrett is not only a
clever and accomplished actress, but
also an attractive and graceful woman,
and for the last three seasons she has
been prominently identified with some
of the most successful performances.
"Over Niagara Falls" scored a* suc
cees in the East and has a three sea
sons' record of crowded houses.
It is claimed that nothing more beau
tiful, effective or realistic has been pre
sented to an audience than the repro
duction of the famous falls. The Imita
tion of -the roar of the water and the
glint, splash and spin of the flood (3
said to be very realistic. It is done
by the' use' of compound reflection of
many lights on the back drops, all
working in prtfect time to obtain the
result, which is a great achievement in
scenic effects.
Melodrama Which Opens This After
noon at Grand Opera-House Por
trays Realistic Life.
"OVER NIAGARA FALLS"
A SCENIC PRODUCTION
don, Liverpool, San Francisco and Los
Angeles, the latter place taking large
consignments. Many trees have been
planted in this valley in recent years,
notably in the moist lands near the
bay and in the Santa Cruz Mountains.
On the whole, the season has been sat
isactory.
nounced that W. W. Whipple, a capi
talist of Astoria, will erect a hotel in
thi* city to cost $600,000. which will be
completed in time to secure a portion
of the patronage which •will be at
tracted to this city by the Lewis and
Clark Exposition in 1905. Tie proposed
hotel will contain 250 rooms.
PORTLAND. Or.. Nov. 2S.— It Is an-
Costly New Hotel for Portland.
SAN RAFAEI* Nov. 2S. — As a preliminary
to Installing; electric service on the North
Shore Railroad from San Anselmo Junction to
Fairfax broad-gauge rails have been laid.
A power rail will be In position In time for
next summer's business.
Mr. and Mrs. S. Fiiyshaker -will cele
brate their twenty-flfth anniversary on
December 6, from 2 to 5 o'clock, at
their residence, 763 Bush street...
• • • :•';¦'
Miss Carrie Cohn Is spending the
Mrs. Harold J. Schwartz (nee Bres
lauer) will be at home to-day at 2118
Bush street, prior to her departure for
Chicago to Join her husband.
• • •
Dr. Lawrence H. Hoffman left for an
extensive European trip on the 28th
' lnst.
Personals.
j Dr. Malvine Judell and Miss Adele
Judell •will spend the winter in Tucson,
' Arizona. • ' .
The following programme xvill lie ren
dered to-day at the. park: "Star-
Spangled Banner" (national anthem of
the United States of America), the au
dience is requested to arise and .remain
standing during the' rendition of this
number; march. "The Iron King" (St.
Clair); overture. "Nabrico" (Verdi):
waltz,. "Invitation to the Dance"
(Weber); solo for cornet (selected)^D.
C. Rosebrook;. selection from "Princess
Chic" (Edwards); overture, "Tann-"
hauser" (Wagner); '(a) "Spring Song"
(Mendelssohn), (b) Spanish dance,
"ManzanJllo" (Robyn); "Larog" (Han- a
del) ; descriptive, "A Sleigh Ride Party"
(Michaelis); ..grand selection, "Pwob
Bruce" (Bonnisseau); "America."
Music at the Park.
Miss I. E. Connor, 138 Geary ttreet,
will offer to tb« ladies of San Francisco
all of her French Models at greatly re
duced rates: $35.00 hats. $25.00: $25.00
hats. $15.00; $10.00 hats. $5.00. Sale be
gins Monday, 9 a. m., and continue* for
the "»«cek. ... *
Millinery Sale.
The Aloha Nul Cotillon Club held its
third dance of the present season on
Friday evening. The cotillon was, a
very pleasant affair. *
The annual banquet of the Alpha
Chapter cf the Phi Chi Fraternity was
held at a downtown' restaurant last
Wednesday. Around'the table, o which
was prettily decorated in the fraternity
eolors, sat Fred Dorr, Ernest" West,
Herman Wertch, Elwood Bonifleld,
Joseph, Rolph. Robert Thedy, George
Thomas, Arthur Ellert and Raymond
Danzlger.
Club Parties.
* * * *
j S. Meyer announces the engagement
of his daughter Clara to Julius Baum
' garten. Reception Sunday, December
13. from 2 to 6 o'clock, at 1210A Scott
i street.
• • • .
Mr. and Mrs. M. J. Waldheimer an
nounce the engagement of their daugh-
I ter Irene to David L.. Breslauer of
Chico.
! The engagement reception of Miss
Hattie Brown and EJHs S. Levin will
be held this afternoon from 2 # to 5
' o'clock, at 605 Octavia street."
! • •'•...
Engagements.
Ralph- Brown, ' for many 5'ears local
agent of a big Eastern hardware firm,
returned yesterday, from a visit to the
East and is preparing to engage in
business for himself.
G.-Weil. Ross, pumpinjf. superinten
dent of the Comstock mines, is down
from Virginia City and registered, at
the Occidental.
Former Governor and United States
Senator of Idaho George ii Shoup and
wife arrived from Boise City yesterday
and registered at the Occidental. ".
John Harper, the veil-known mining"
man, who has been in the northern
part-«f the State for several months,
returned yesterday and is .at the Pal
ace. ' ¦ .
A. Chester Beatty, a mining espert,
who -is associated witii "John Hay3
Hammond, is at the. Palace.
Eben Smith, a retired mining man,
formerly of Denver but now. residing, in-
Los Angeles, is staying at tne Palace. :
Dr. Frank J. Fltz of Seattle is af the
Lick.
pr.'E. Scott Blair of Patton is at the
Grand. "
Dr, E. M. McAffceof Kramer,' Ind., Is
registered at the Palace."
Captain and Mrs. John Bcrneson of
San Mateo are at the Palace. "
Dr. and Mrs. H. N. Benny of Point
Richmond are staying at the Lick.
W." H. Brevoort, a mining man of
New "Fork, arrived at the Palace yes
terday.
ReaV Admiral- Louis Kempff of the
United States Navy and hi* daughter
are at the Palace. >
PERSONAL MENTION.
Edward F. Loulde'ck was married in
this city on the ISth inst. to Miss Elva
L. Kount z, daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
i W. H. Kountz. The wedding took place
1 at the home of the bride's parents, 114
. Sussex street, and was attended only
I by the relatives of. . the bride, and
' groom. Judge Graham of the Superior
j Court performed the ceremony, Mr.
, Kountz giving the bride away.
* • •
I There v:as a pretty wedding last
I Tuesday evening, November 24. at St.
James Catholic. Church, when . Missa
Sarah T. O'Reilly became the bride of
Frank Morahan. The ceremony was
.performed at 8:30 o'clock, after which
' a supper was served at the home of the
brjde's mother. Mrs. J. O'Reilly, 1131
j Guerrero street. The happy, coupls re
ceived many good wishes and congratu
lations, together with many handsome
gifts. After their vredding trip, Mr.
and Mrs. Monahan will reside in. this
city, where the groom is prominently
identified in business* being a member
of. th$ firm of Monahan & Co., at 2339
Mission street. . . • •
Weddings.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Fort €chermer
horn, who were married in this city on
Thanksgiving daj% sailed on the Ala
med* for Honolulu y.est£rday and will
make their h6me in the islands. • The
bride was Miss Marie Christine Lawler.
Mrs." John Levy and daughters will
receive on the third and fourth Mon
days- of each month at their residence,
1501 Steiner street.
• • •
Miss Hannah Loventhal has returned
to this city after spending several
montiis traveling in European cities.
Miss "Lov<*tT thai accompanied Mr. and
Mrs. Jacob Stern and family of Fuller-
ton. .."¦ ' . '
¦winter with her sister, Mrs. Charles
Greenewald of Sacramento.
: — _-f WE Tteek just passed was
f ~y~~y filled with thanksgiving and
¦ft \ family reunions. A few
l\\> house parties gave pleasant
\J""T/ diversion to those who had
no homes Jn which to cat
turkey. Fun and feasting were the
order of the day and a_ number of
luncheons were added to the festivities.
(All noUcf» for the S'Society Events" column*
or The Call should be sent in time to roach
. the editorial rooms not later than Friday
lilKht. and must be accompanied by the
name and* tddreie of - the member or the
famn>' cr member of the club sending the
communication.) . >t- ll;''
SOCIETY EVENTS
THE SAN FKAKCISCO CALX, SUNDAY, yOYiSMBEB !• 29 t 1903.
40
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE GIKL EVERYBODY
IS TALKING AEOUT.
JUST SEE THE FHONT TAGS
OF THE
STUNNING PICTUEE EDI-
TION.
NEXT SUNDAY CALL
Very readily part company. The
most serious and important things
in life often "hang by a thread" —
and love, sometimes hangs "by a
hair." Merc trirlcs often change the
entire life course of men and women.
We may not like it— but it is so.
Gray hairs before 60 is a defect of
Nature — and needs remedying as
much as decaying teeth.
No — not by dyeing — but by the
use of a scientific discovery which
docs not cover up. but REMOVES
the defect, and imparts to the hair
the NATURAL, flossy, transparent
color. Such t3 my
MRS. NETTIE HARRI ON'S
4-DAY HAIR RESTORER
The only remedy of its kind. Docs,
not soil hands or scalp. Easily ap-
plied' with a fine comb. At drugr-
giits', $1. Free application at my
parlors.
MRS. NETTIE HARRISON,
DES3ZATO&OOXOT,
140 Geary St. San Francisco,
Opp. City cf Parla. -
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AJ3VXBTISEMENTS.
Glove Orders . 1 **^ (^ £P ' Merchandise Oritrs
An Exceptional Closing-Out Sale of Fine (kEmSmS)
Imported Trimmings and Laces
Thousands of yards of Fine Imported Trimmings and Laces will be scld, starting to-morrow, at
half-price and less.. It is our Annual Clearance Sale and gives an opportunity for patron* — cress-
makers and ladies' tailors in particular— to secur- rich trimmings at extraordinarily low prices.
Note the Dig Values that are bclnjc offered:
1 lJ-25 and' $r-5o Black Sp.in».lfd Trimmings, rrducfd to... 60: and 75: ysrJ.
• . • Ji.oo and $1.75 Blark Silk Passementcri-s, r?d Krd to 50c and 90c v.irJ.
Si. 50 and Sf.25 Bhck ChirTon Appliqtn s. reduced to 73: and H.I5 yJ
$1.00 and ftJ.oo Noveity Colored Trirnrr.t" rs. rcdxicfd to.. 45c and 95: yard.
. ¦ 5<k and 75C Black S\U ChantiH* Galloons, rrduced to 25c an 1 40; yard.
$o: and 75c Cnhted Coiton and Wool Lac*, reduced to 25c and 40: yard.
. 50c and 75c Silk Drop Ornaments, teducrd to 25: and 40c ga;h.
. || Ladies'. Suits Specially Priced fflpW
THREE OF THE. BEST VALUES WE EVEit OFFERED FOR THIS MONDAY
Ladies' Tailor-Made Suits of fancy! Lad{rV Fancy Mixed Zibsline Suits, I Ladies' St>iish Walking Suits, made
rritn's wear mixtures. SVirtfd Russian handsomHy tailored, with longcoata.'id oflatest Scotch grayrmed homespun;
blouse, wita cape trimmed with buttons care effect.' velvet milltarycollar; siyl- three-quarter coat, with military collar
• and pip'd with silk 1.6 match. We'Uh flare skirt, satin lined. Would be and cape effect, beatnttuliy trimmed
b.uzht the lot far below value, which considered excellent value at $25.00. w.th buttons and piped sn red and blue,
is <to.5o. -Sale pr:cc for ¦'+$* - A ! Our «pccisl price for om rrn Rcal value ' 5°; saIe ca
A^.mday , Monday frl7.5U I price for Monday $Z(.OU
. Choice Leather Goods are Here (^tfe)
They Mahe Desirable Holiday Gifts
Our stock of Leather Goods has been selected with special care to holiday requirements. Every
beautiful and artistic novelty th2t is made of leather is here— in Purses, Card Cases, Wrist Bags,
Carriage and AutomobUe Bags, Letter Cases, Grips, Suit Cases, Traveling Rolls, etc. We mention
a few specially attractive items.
.Wrist Bags made of Wtlrus leather, Hand Bags, of .Russian grain leather, Automobile Bags, of fine quality Saf-
in black, brown,- tan and gray, >< ~ c black and colors, double lea- co -- fian leather, with nickel or gilt +- - n
nickel frame and chauveach $1.^3 ther handles," very stylish... special at. . $Z.3U
Wrist Bags, of best Morocco leather, Handsome Hand Bagsof Morocco lea- Carriage Bags, handsomely made of
black and colors, latest oHong tf?1 CA ther, with fancy nickel frame CA cn i elephant leather, titted with nf|
shape, gilt frame and chain.. %pl.3U studded with colored jewels. . «PTwU(}.meIHnfi bottle and purse... <?3.UU
I '• ; .-¦ . __ . ¦¦¦¦ An Extraordinary Sale oi C^fsT)
Imported Battenberg Lace Scarfs
Weiejured, fronrone cf the most prominent lace-makers of Europe, 400 samples of the finest
of Battenberg scarfs at less than half price— the gain shall be yours. They are beautifully hand-
made in exquisite tllover lace designs, 18 inches wide and 52 inches long, and are usually retailed
at $3.75 to $4:50. The eiitire purchase effered to-morrow, to be sold, without reserve, <r 1 or
at the remarkably low price of, each «, , "P ' »Q^
Shawls and Capes Sale of Portieres
(Tliird Floor. Kearny Street) « (Second Floor Sutter St.)
Every desfwtle article ia crochet goods inhere. Thev Justano ther case of over-production. The manufacturer
make acceptable holiday gifts — both pretty and practical. , .- — ¦!!>•». . , , .
Woven Shetland Wool Shawls in a choice . had a surplus; we bought them away betow market
variety of designs and colors 50c to $2.50 value — hf nee this sale. They are good, heavy quality,
• Handsome Hand-made Shawls of Shetland f u |j width and l-ngth; some are in the prettiest of Oriental
*S^'"'"2' w'o"l ¦ Shawb/wUh" t0 J3 - S ° "MS ?£»£** ° li^» d '7^«,.3ll ( rin«i .op
fringe.'in black, white and colors ,. ..|2.75 to J5.00 and bottom- If bought in the regular way they could not
Hand-made Umbrelh or Circular Capes of be sold for less than $3.00 prr pair. Sale price _-
Shetland floss, fine'y made $1.25 to $3.00 | to-morrow
;-. . A Great Glove Opportunity cswa
$1.25 and $2.OO Qualities at 95c
Gloves for yourself or to give away. A sale at this time cannot fail to be of greatest interest
to both men and womqn. j We offer two extraordinary values, and, notwithstanding the extreme
reductions, we fit and guarantee evdry pair.
LADIES' PIQUE GLOVES'**- S) ™|r MEN'S KID GLOVES ««,££««&!£
kid, with one cla^p, Pa is point embroidery, co!ors tan, gain, orfor ladies to give ihe nen folks .1 Christmas pres-
mode. beaver, red, navy, brown and white — a desirable ent of two pairs for the usual prke r.f one. They are
glove for shopping or street wear. Scld all the o - 2-clasp, light weightkid gloves; in tan shades only 0 *
season at $ 1. «5; price for this sals 7JC ', for evening wear. Were $200 pair; now y»3C
Ribbed Knit Underwear Values GSs£|j
We could fill this entire advertisement with information from our Underwear Department, and
do scant justice to its splendid stock at that; these representative items must speak instead:
Ladies' Ribbed Merino Vests, with pants to match, in Ladies' Silk andWool Union Suits, high neck with long or
white or gray ; real value, $1.50 each, at #1 .00 short «l-evrs, lowneck and no sleeves, value $3.50. .$2.75
Ladies' Unshrinkable Merino Union Suits, long sleeve, Children's Ribbed Merino Union Suits for winter wear,
ankle length, gray or white ; value $200, at $ 1 .50 natural or white, all sizes, worth ?2.co, at $1.50
"Write for our New Illustrated Catalogue — we mail it Free.
NEWMAN ft LEVINSON.
ADVEBTI3EMEKTS.
SEALSKIN
..JACKETS..
To Order S)8fe5 And up
Artistic workmanship and per-
fect fit guaranteed.
Remodeling:, repairing and dye-
ing at short notice,
...POPULAR PRICES...
siberjanTur co,
Xscorpeixted
KiBB&cttrUf rUnnlcRo
AD. KOCQfR, Manager
rcrmerlr cotter with Rerllloo Freret,
Fa.rl«. L«ndcn. New York.
121 POST STREET, Rooms 7 to II
SAN FRANCISCO
AXUZAOJy SJtXX \Wffl' Jl W»tfrTr1
jcy^z^ svx s-sr- vtSl. *^ r5 iiSwy I
¦ f • UVUTJZ 1
DRLWILLIAM>S
369 Sutter Street f
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
Ar.a all other facial blemishes t.r« reaiox-ed by
DH. «nd MRS. A. W. TRAVERSE, Donohce
buildlar, 1170 Mtrkrt utreet. eor. T*>1or. roorni
S^-10, with the. electric needle without pain or
•c&r; ptrnstteacy guaranteed; bouri I to i p.m.
HIGH -CLASS FIRS
At Moderate Prices ass
\yC ||jl 'These handsome yarmr.nt? clearly Tk/IK fijll
fpLv»Vt\j prove our desire and ability to do bet- tj/TftfoW
ter by you than any one clsg. They
arc right in every way— as nearly per-
&1t* AA feet as human hands can make them. am* aa
nil INl Some arc of plain ncar*cal. Others %tftf SJ5|
VpisV»\j\J have combina i >n colh^ and revcrs- N' vt ' t
All follow the latest breath of fashion in
style and are made from skin; that
f>/J"J f»/V were carefully picked for their goodness AA
Se)l Si) anH beautv. It will pay yen-and pay 3)99, Uv,,
syxj •XJ\f you splendidly— to see them before pur- ¦ ";
chasing elsewhere.
, /^^^^^n^gg^JE Persian Lamb Jackets
"^"^J^^^^mK^^Pp M? . de from}wKoiV;8k)ns and I.itd with.
Sealskin Jackets
wi^fw r »^\ $125.00 to $350.00
B»^ jV^BHMW^yffMrofl - These pticss v ill not buy equal elegance
<F l3vl^H8i^lfl ;^V Opossum Boas
' The b«st values San Francisco has ever
(Rffi\^L KJa 1 -^ A bBL}3 B % jSrUfi I w « • ' n edk I El t^Xtl
(Ofc^^* HP* I _^*£r jfy&^tZmM pfjl\_ • 1 1 V * ekl Hr n \ H 8| Ik mX&JSKll
r^fiv/'ly^ * ** " •* " "• ¦ \ ¦ " 1 '•* '* " ' i ' \ f(
r^r^^T '»"*••• •'"•".'**"• "*"* " "* *•* "M " * * • "¦ "***• tf- ;" '." **** ; * ' '*. ¦"** • J?***'" V^'**3B?9I
§|Mrs. Andersorj, a prominent society ||f
woman of Jacksonville, Fla.,. daughter of
Recorder of Deeds, West, who witnessed
her signature to the following letter, praises
Lydia E, Pinkham's Vegetable Compound*
" Deaii llns. PnrKHAM : — There are but few drives and mothers "who
hare not at times endured agonies and such pain as only women know.
I wish cuch women knew the value of Lydia E. Pinlchain's Vegetable
Compound. It is a remarkable medicine, different in action from any
I ever knew and thoroughly reliable.
" I have seen cases where women doctored for years without perma-
nent benefit, who were cured in less than three months after taking your
Vegetable Compound, while others who were chronic and incurable
came out cured, happy, and in perfect health after a thorough treatment
with this medicine. I have never used it myself without gaining great
benefit. A few doses restores my strength and appetite, and tones up
the entire system. Your medicine has been tried and found true, hence
I ful]y endorse it." — Mbs. R. A. Axdeeson, 225 "Washington St., Jack-
sonville, Fla.
Mrs. Reed, 2425 E. Cumberland St., Philadelphia, Pa., says :
"Dear Mrs. PixoiAii: — I feel it my duty
jgBg&iJjaJsS&liL to write and tell you the good I have received
from Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
&j#W <§!§ "I have been a great sufferer with female
kPgSp^ <^\ *# trouble, tiring different doctors and medicines
fu£?§ftf W with no benent. -Two years ago I went under
£fpt§K35& /k4 [/ an operation, and it left me in a very weak
r*£§*«3lii — ==*• / condition. I had stomach trouble, backache,
VEreMflSKSi "^ JL headache, palpitation of the heart, and was very
tiSS*****!^*-^^^s^ nervous; in fact, I ached all over. I find
Vli jTW tkJililHvirfelw vours tne on ly medicine that reaches
' IM ft M?I T^PkWW^ Eucn troubles, and would cheerfully rec-
Vm $ \\ I •//' % \f v °nimend L.ydia E. Pinkham's Veff etablo
*# • I 'M \ \ *' Compound to all suffering women." •
TThen women are troubled with irregular or painful menstruation, weak-
«:f ss. leTirorrhaea, displacement or ulceration of the womb, that bearing-down
feeling, infiamaiation of the ovaries, backache, flatulence, general debility,
indjg-cstion, and norvous prostration, they should remember there is one tried
and true remedy. Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound at once
removes such troubles.
The experience and testimony of some of the most noted
women of America go to prove, beyond a question, that Lydia E.
Pinkhara's Vegetable Compound, will correct all such trouble at
once by removing- the cause and restoring: the organs to a healthy
and normal condition. If in doubt, -write Mrs. Pinkham at Lynn,
Mass, as thousands do. Her advice is free and helpful.
No other medicine for women in the world has received such wide-
spread and unqualified endorsement. No other medicine has such a
record of cures of female troubles. Refuse to buy any substitute.
$Efinn FORFEIT tf we ««anot forthwith produce the original l«tten and sfraatnr©* ef
> T I ! I ab0Te tewtaonlJdi, which will prore tfielr Absolute R«nuii.enwi«.
WWWUU Lydla K. Plnkham Medicine Co., Lynn, Man.Henry B. Harris has made the
final engrsigements for the company of
comedians that will support Miss Alice
Fischer In Leo Ditrlchstein's farcical
comedy. "Whafs the Matter With Su
san?" The organization includes Edith
Barker, Charles Bradshaw. Myrtle Vln
son. T. J. McGrane. Isabel Garrison.
George Fotc, Daniel Gilfether, Morgan
Oorcan. John S. Robertson. Harry Lille
ford. Edward Dresser. Master Harry
Wright and Etta Bryan. Mr. Harris has
also engaged R. A. Roberts, a stage di
liecto • of ripe experience, in the produc
tion of military plays, to stage "Ran
son's Folly." the play of American
GOSSIP OF P.LAYS
AND OF ACTORS
The Dally Telegraph— From the
cloud of impressions arising out of
a first night at the theater some
chief memory generally emerges. A
scene, a situation, a character, a mel
ody, an Individual performance — any of
these It may be that makes dim the rest
and holds the center of . our recollec
tions. It is safe to say that Saturday's
audience came away from their Intro
duction to "The Duchess of Dantzic"
with one eclipsing memory in their
minds — the figure of the tyrannical lit
tle Corsican holding court in the
splendor of the Tuileries. It was a
strange thing and one that establishes
a record. .Hitherto In the mus.ic play,
whatever Its slyle and description, the
character that speaks has played a very
medest second fiddle to the charactor
that sings. On Saturday, however, one
saw the singers out-paced by an actor,
the first Napoleon, with never a musical,
note to utter, towering over his tuneful
comrades. That admirable and clear
cut piece of acting wa.j the night's most
magnetic" feature, and Mr. Holbrook
Blinn, fortunate in his opportunity,
walked away, with the laurel .wreaths.
Incidentally the brilliancy of " Mr.
Blinn's portrait of Napoleon Is worthy
to be noted. Undoubtedly the opportuni
ty is a" good one, and the 'part written
In the same production Jn which
Denis (TSullivan has Just made such
a delightful 6tir in London, "The Duch
ess of Dantzlc,". another Californian,
Holbrook Blinn, Is sharing equal hon
ors. I noted the fact some Sundays
ago, printing a few of the comments
on Mr. O'Sulllvan's part of the per
formance. There are now to hand some
criticisms of Mr. Blinn's work, that
are no less pleasing to the local patriot.
The young actor, by the way, was a
Stanford student, and a graduate of
the local Boys' High School. For the
last six years Mr. Blinn has been in
London, gaining a steadily larger
share of public favor. In "The Duchess
of Dantzic," the new romantic opera
by Henry Hamilton and Ivan Caryll,
Mr. Blinn as Napoleon seems to have
made the hit of his career so far. The
opera is a setting of the "Sans Gene"
play of Sardou, and It 'will readily be
imagined that the Napoleonic role is
one prolific of opportunities. Mr. Blinn
seems to have availed himself of them
all, from the following flattering com
ments:
George Ade is in New York and will
remain until his new comedy, "The
County Chairman," which has been
very successful In Chicago, is produced
at Wallack's Theater. New Yorkers
will have their first opportunity
Thanksgiving week to judge Mr. Ade as
a writer of straight comedy. In "The
County Chairman" types of the Middle
Western village are introduced into a
wholeabrae love . story. There are
strongly dramatic ' moments, but the
witty lines and funny situations in
"The County Chairman" give it the
true George Ade stamp.
The life of Edgar Allan Poe has been
dramatized by George C. Hazelton,
author of "Mistress Nell," and the play,
called "The Raven," is to be produced
at once by Maurice Campbell with
Frederick Lewis as the star. It will
b e presented in New York as one of the
holiday offerings. ,
"Sky Farm." which Joseph R. Gris
mer has on the road this season, is
notable for the beauty of its stage pic
tures. One scene, depicting an apple
orchard In autumn, is declared to be
the most beautiful setting shown in
any theater this season.
Joseph. Hart and Carrie de Mar are to
remain under the: xianagement of Wil
liam A. Brady, even after o they cease
to appear In "Foxy Grandpa." This
farce has been on the road two years
and is said to have earned $50,000.
• * •
Aubrey Bouclcault is meeting with
considerable success in his performance
of "Captain Charlie." The play is soon
to begin an extended engagement in
New York.
Miss Marie°Tempest. who will follow
Miss Ethel Barrymore at the Hudson
Theater in "The Marriage 1 of Kitty," on
November 30. will sail for America* on
November 18 in company with her
husband, Cosmo- Gordon Lennox; Ar
thur Bertram, her acting manager; W.
La Trove, her stage manager, and
Gilbert Hare, one of the leading mem
bers of her company. Leonard Boyne,
Mies Tempest's chief supporting player,
and the other members of the organiza
tion will follow at a later date. Julian
Magnus is acting as business manager
for Miss TempesL
army life by Richard Harding Davis,
In which Robert Edeson will be pre
sented on January 18.
Meantime the young woman— she Is
just 21— has appeared with much suc
cess at the Manhattan Theater, in the
Anna Wilson, a graduate of the
Tivoli and wife of "Jack" Wilson, so
long connected with it, is now being
heard from. Miss Wilson went to new
York a few months ago and seems al
ready to have obtained a' very satis
factory footing there. She will be re
membered here as Siebel ("Eaust"),
Frederick ("Mignon"), Pepe ("I'Pag
llaccl") and in other important minor
roles. Miss W-ilson has sung for Henry
Savage, with the result that the man
ager is considering her for a part in a
new production. Whitney also made
the young Californian an offer of the
best part he had open, but assured her
that the role was not worthy of her.
Harris, however, has retained Miss
Wilson for-. a part in anew English
comedy opera. In which she may or
may not appear, but for the study of
which she is in receipt of a substantial
cash retainer. «
• • •
The Morning Post— The Napoleon of
Holbrook Blinn was a remarkable per
formance. He was the central figure
on the stage; all eyes were on him and
criticism would have been only "too
ready to* pounce on anything he did
which might appear unworthy of the
historic figure he represented. It Is
no little credit to the actor, therefore,
to be able to say that he was always
dignified and impressive and gave us
a picture of Napoleon which could not
be equaled.
The Sun — Now "Sans Gene" without
Napoleon would be as impossible as
"Hamlet" without the Prince of Den
mark. The greatest difficulty of all is
to make Napoleon impressive in such
a milieu, and it would be difficult to
praise too highly the manner In which
Holbrook Blinn comes out of the ordeal.
With all respect to Martin Harvey and
Sir Henry Irving, Mr. Blinn makes a
more satisfactory Napoleon than either
of them— in spite of the fact that he
is more or less out of the picture all
the time.
A new material made of non-poison
ous red phosphorus and potassium
chlorate has been bought by the Ger
man Government, and is to be substi
tuted In its works for the deleterious
and oftentimes more dangerous white
phosphorus. Great gain attaches to the
fact that it does not ignite' easily,
hence removing or minimizing the
danger from fire. How Important this
is appears when one is reminded of
fires caused by the ignition of whits
phosphorus matches by the sun's rays.
In regaTa. to danger to employes, the
commission says explosions are prac
tically impossible with the new ma
terial.— Exchange.
• -h-:-: ¦:¦::: 11: 11; ¦: "H-m-i-i-h-©
with the care and judgment that so of
ten distinguish Mr. Hamilton's work.
Still, the actor's triumph was well de
senred, for his delivery of every line
rang true, while in bearing he realized
almost to the life the Napoleon of tra
dition. ;: • .
Daily Express—Napoleon is one of the
characters in this strange mixture of
tragedy, melodrama and the comedy
that is essentially human nature. The
part was played with consummate skill
by Mr. Holbrook Blinn, who gave us
In his own creation the most famous
character this play has called into ex
istence. ' ' ,
Red Phosphorus for Matches.
Homer Llnd
Martin, a watchman Richard Marsh
Chief interest at the initial matinee
yesterday of the Homer Lind Lieder
spiel Company at the Manhattan The
ater centered in the first production in
America of a one-act operetta by Men
delssohn called in English "Return of
the Roamer." Musically, It was an am
bitious effort for Mr. Lind and his con
freres, but all concerned acquitted
themselves to the satisfaction of a
friendly though critical audience..
This little opera, light In vein, but
making requisitions on the highest or
der of vocal art, was written by the
great composer seventy-five years ago,
and privately produced on the occasion
of the silver wedding anniversary of his
parents. It was never published or
publicly performed during Mendels
sohn's lifetime, but "The Peddler's
Song" and one or more of the trios have
since becorBe favorites on the concert
platform.
Its conventional story, wearisome
witicisms and unsingable lyrics, as ren
dered into English by H. J. Chorley
and Willard Holcomb, are 'scarcely
suitable to the modern stage, and It is
only as a peg on which to hang the
music that the play can properly be
considered. Greater proficiency in act
ing and stage management might have
Improved the general effect, but
throughout the programme it was evi
dent that, with one notable exception,
Mr. Llnd had succeeded in obtaining
good singers who, were to a great ex
tent unable to actl Anna Wilson, both
histrionically and vocally, was excel
lent in the part of Llsbeth In the Men
delssohn operas. „
RETURN OP THE ROAM^R.
Herr "Winter. Mayor Maurice Hagaman
Frau Ursula, his wife Bessie Tannehlll
Herman Winter, their son Win. A. Weg^ener
LIsbeth, their ward Anna Wilson
Kauz, a peddler and knave of all trades..
first production of the Mendelssohn
one-act operetta, "Return of the Roam
er," In conjunction with the Homer
Lind Liedersplel Company. Following
is what the Morning Telegraph has to
say of the opera and Miss Wilson: <v :
Peter Grogan, who died at Baltimore
this week, Is said to have been the in
ventor 6t the "installment plan." He
began selling furniture In Baltimore
and ¦Washington thirty-five or forty
years ago onNregularly deferred pay
ments. His scheme was a good one,
and was almost Instantly taken up all
over this country, spreading hence to
Kurope. Such, at any rate, is the claim
of the local biographer.
The opportunity to furnish a room or
a house decently on credit has been a
blessing to thousands. It does not vio
late the good old rule, "Pay as you go
lf you can't pay don't go." The man
who pays on Installments is paying as
he goes. He simply enjoys the use of
the goods before the title to them is
vested in him. This Is not an act of
grace on the part of the seller— It is
good business policy, because It en
ables him to sell more goods than he
otherwise would.
The installment system tends to mar
riage, to home-making, to the raising
of families, to domestic thrift. Our
lares and penatea are still mighty gods,
and the installment payments are in
cense burned at their shrine. If Peter
Grogan really did invent the system,
he deserves a monument.— New York
Mail and Express.
Tlie Installment Han.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL,: SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 29, 1903.
41
High-Class Specialties Every Afternoon and
Evening in the Theater.
CONLEY AND KLEIN; THE LA MOINES:
FLOOD AND HAYES: STANLEY AND
VILLARD; CARBERRY AND ST ANTON;
MABEL LAMSON. and
NEW, MOVING PICTURES.
SEE THE BABIES IN THE INFANT IN-
CUBATORS.
HAMADBYAS IN THE 200.
Xioti of Pan In the Penny Arcade.
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
—ADMISSION. 10c: CHILDREN. 5c
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
' MB. HUGO MANSrEUJT
Presents His Pupil. .
CECIXi COWLXS
In a PIANO RECITAL. STEINWAY HALL.
223 Sutter at.. THURSDAY. December 3, 8:15
p. m. Rcsan'sd st«U •!•
ALHAMBRfr THEATER
FRIDAY AFTEBNOON. Dec. 4. 1803.
At 2:30 O'clock. .
MONSTER BENEFIT
, PERFORMANCE
IN, AID OF THE
FREE WARD
OF-THE
California
Woman's Hospital
A PROGRAMME BETOND COMPARE!
;-?••' - .»; CONTINUOUS v SHOW!
¦r' ' • V RESERVED SEATS - ; . . . .... ..$1.00 '¦'
Sale i will . b*rln\ at ' Shennan,~Clay & Co.'o
; Tuesday :mornlnK at 9. o'clock, ;. ,
j , &%p&&3L}*jfc> ' \if ; •
• " • ' ¦ - ' • .
I Bargain Carnival lor December. |
• To-morrow and during the entire month of December •
• we will offer our choicest styles of Tailor-Made Suits, Nov- •
• elty Jackets, Long Silk and Cloth Goats, Novelty Silk and •
e Etamine Skirts, at a reduction of from 25 per cent to .33 .per f
• cent. Reliable quality and well made. Garments which glitter •
O with newness. • J
I Lower Prices Than Anywhere. !
$ $40.00 Black and Fancy Zibeline Novelty Suits; Cut Rate S3O.OO %
9 $27.50 Black, Navy and Brown Novelty Tailor Suits; Cut Rate S20.00 e
O $25.00 Novelty Mixtures and Plain Tailor Suits ; Cut Rate S18.5O •
• $22.50 Black and Navy Blue Cheviot Suits; Cut Rale $ 1 6.5O •
• $20.00 Fancy Mixture Novelty Suits ; Cut Rate . $ 1 5.OO •
! Extra Sp3cial — $10.00 and $12.50. £
q 190 Tailor Suits in Louis XIV, Cutaway and Blouse Effect, in Black and Navy S
a Etamine and Fancy Mixtures; broken lines only; value $17.50 and $20.00; 5
9 will be on sale at $lO.OOand$12.5O 9
% Military and Silk Novelty Coats at Cot-Rate Prices. 3
2 v $12.50 Black Kersey Jackets, with capes; Cut Rate $10.00 5
0 $ 15.00 Tan Kersey Novelty Coats ; Cut Rate $12.50 S
• FurBoas $1.25to$2500 9
9 Furjackets $25.OOup 9
• FurStoles $5.00to$3500 0
• FurCapes $7.5Oup •
5 Ostrich Feather Boas S5.OO to S25.OO g
2 Novelty Silk and Etamine Skirts $6,OOta$25,OO S
q Elegant Broadcloth Skirts $7.5O to $20,00 ©
• .....>. V a
• 1230-1232-1234 Market Street. . |
AMUSEMENTS.
CALIFORNIA
- *"THEBl^lTr"* ll '* l '^,.^ J , j
V SECOND WEEK BEGINS TO-NIGHT. b
' "AT -TM.'E , "
1 ~*~? \ JL M * l*^ "6REATEST fii'^J IN YEARS" |
¦" MT. ¦ H B B ¦ Th« Unanimous Verdict of the 5
_ ¦ 3 B . 8 J9 SAN FRANCISCX) CRITICS. £»
S £^ f<?£*% €$ ffi ARTHUR C. AISTON'S COMPANY, g
¦ W^ B m. \mg0 ***aaS? \mJ? estha Williams. Supported B
B inna^ j0m*± MK iJ—MK /****, by JAMES SBOFHT and • J]
IROADS B ° p '™ 1
I Si^ii.«^«C0ME V EBlSl V I ilSlSl IN -dmreit of tieni til, 5
g SUNDAY COMEDY. Ivfll I VlllwJV/ll iathaUtl.nl.. g
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
t*fkl IIAADI A s* N FRAiiciscoy TO-NIGHT! „. m*"? 1 ,*^?^ 1 ' M ,
vULiUI^ISbA LEADING THEA'.Pi »' un1 ' TtS ilEESia LHStSJlSl ElSCflIil8 111
"IM WEISSEN ROESSL" < A^ the Whtte Horse Tavern.),
FIRST FBBFO&UANCi: TO-MOBSOW (MONDAY) NIGHT.
Prt^WS^^^ I H ?^^ Engagement
b^X^f^ggSg^Jg&ggsrTO^ One Week Only
ELLERY'S R °y al ltalian Band
5O Men | pfriS^.^jS^ Men
PROGRAMME CHANGED JSTTGHTIiT.
WEDOTSSDAT NIGHT — SPECIAL W AGNES NIGHT.
SATURDAY NIGHT — POFULAB BAG-TIME SMOKER.
• Matinees Thursday, Saturday and Sunday. Children at matinees. 25c to
- all parts of the house. Special popular prices for this engagement — Re-
served seats 75c-50c and three hundred at 25c: box and loge seats $1. Box
office, Sherman, Clay & Co.'s. Next Wednesday. December 2.
EXTRA! EXTRA!
ILLEBY'S BOYAIi ITALIAN BAND
At the Marvelous Greek Theater, Berkeley. Benefit of U. G Dramatic and
Musical Fund.
WEDNESDAY AFTERNOON. SEC. 9. AT 3:30.
Admission 50c Take 1 and 1:3Q boats. Tickets at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s.
CHR3STMAS
A cover in four colors.
The prettiest design of
any of the Christmas
Magazines.
The most popular mag-
azine in the West.
Under new manage*
meitt
Intensely interesting.
/.. Timely articles.
The best Western
writers.
New, crisp, bright
thoughts on every page.
15CentsaGopy*
$L50 a Year.
.Overland.
Monthly Pub. Co.,
320 SANSOME SL,
San Francisco.
Paiflfi* DON'T FAIL TO
laiaVV 8ee the beautiful
< COURT Lounging
ailfl room, the EMPIRE
auu parlor, the
r 1 PALM ROOM, the
tininQ LOUIS XV PAR-
U A~1~ DIES* WRITING
tlOtCiS ROOM.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
• 9
g Week Commencing THIS AFTER- 2
g NGON, Norember 29. •
2 •
ig . , m 9
© ItIOmIBv^LIV» •
• Vaudeville:
I * HAL GODFREY & GOT |
A Prcae&Unr th» Brilliant One-Act Play> a
• let. • 'A VERY PAD BOY." J
| ~ AGNES MAHR I
9 "The American Tommy Atkins."* O
I CLARICE : VANCE j
• . Th« Inlmltabla Singer. X
• ~ JOSEPH NEWMAN I
0 Th« Denrer Sons •Writer. _ _ __ O
I ARMENIS-TITO QUARTET %
9 Novelty Dancers. £.
I BRYANT AND SAVILLE |
g Musical Oomedlans.
fSEARL and VIOLET ALLEN I
• P"»entlng 'TUB SIGN PAlXTEft/' 9
I Orpheum Motion Pictures*
• Showlnr the Latest Novelties. ~~
9 * ¦ • 9
• Last Week of the Sensation of Two g
9 ¦ Continents. O
If . ANNIE ABBOTT §
% The Little GEORGIA MAGNET. ©
X —•• * *— — — A
5 REGULAR MATINEES EVERT Q
• -VVEDNESDAY. THURSDAY. FRIDAY
9 AND SATURDAY. «
• Parquet, any seat. 25c: Balcony. 10c; &
9 Children, any part except reserved. 10c ©
A A few front Orchestra rows, reserved. Q
S 50c. Front rows of Balcony, reserved, q
g 23c. #
¦ T" 4*\ A nf A T* 2 ' 1 ** 60 A Mayer.
ALCAZAR rrsss.
_____ General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— MATINEE TO-DAY.
"Th» Alcazar Company is ona of extraordin-
ary excellence." — Post.
"A Smile Twister and a Tear
Starter."— Examiner.
A POOR one
RELATION week
An Ideal performance, quaintly humorous.
and delightfully pathetic.
Evsr 25c to 75c: Mats. Sat. & Sun.. 13o to 50o.
MONDAY. DEC. 7 — The Romance of Russia,
A EOYAJU FBISOITES.
Market it., uear Eighth. Phone. South 533.
MATINEE TO-DAY— TO-NIGHT LAST TIME.
MIDNIGHT IN CHINATOWN.
TO-MORROW NIGHT— ALL NEXT WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
The Massive Melodramatic Spectacle,
THE COUNTERFEITERS.
On» of the Stupendous Successes of th» Ameri-
can Stage.
Exciting Plot! Heart Interest! Rica Coinedyt
Thrilling Climaxes! Great Cast!
nnirrc Evenings .^10o to BOo
rKllfcj Matinees XOc. 15c, 25o
Jk_L jQJQ Zm J3 iBfc wiSUr \ m fcJ k«# JL#
Opening of the Combination Season
TO-DAY
Rowland and Clifford's Glgantio Scenio M»!o-
drama,
OVER
NIAGARA FALLS
Astounding Electrical Effects.
All Special Scenery.
Excellent Company of Eastern Players.
Don't Miss the Marvelously Roal-
lstlc Niagara Falls Scene.
pnyrpe Eventnprs 25c. COo and T5o
rKlLtj MaUnees 15c. 25c and 50o
Commencing MONDAY. November 80.
And now comes the greatest event of any.
| ** ¥ f\ W W 9 9 I
j !i=B===
A strictly new and original production. A
marvelous musical burlesque. Written express-
ly for this house.
I And our "All-star Cast." Including: Kolb
! and DU1, Barney Bernard, WInlQeld Blak».
i Maude Amber, Ben T. Dillon. Georgia
i O'Ramey. the Althea twin sister team (their
i first appearance here). Our beautiful chorus
of fifty voices. New scenery, costumes and
' stage effects. Seats now on sale for two weeko.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
Racing IpQ-H^Racing!
OAKLAND RACE TRACK!
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
Commencing November 14.
JUdag; Each' Week Day. Rain or Silav
Six or More Races Daily.'
Races commence at 2:13 p. m. sharpu
For special trains stopping at the track taJca
S P. Ferry, foot of Market ' street, at 12,
12:30. 1:00. 1:30 or 2 o'clock. No smoking la
last two cars, whlca are reserved for Udlaa
and their escorts.
Returning, trains leav« track at 4:15 aa4
4:43 and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President.
PERCY W. TREAT. Secretary.
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO BY, AUTOMOBILE.
Rates Less Than Carriage Hire.
Gall. MOBILE Carriage Go.
GOLDEN GATE AND VAN NESS AVES.
Phones Larkln 3841. Polk 3CS8.
Downtown office. Lobby Palace Hotel. Phone
Bush 859.
Ton can secure these cars at the offio of any
hotel or cafe. Open night and day.
LECTURES AND CONCERTS.
j^O-^cV^ Jj-» STEIN WATT HAt.L t
. 6^^^^%' T *TYNDALL,
¦ SSjgSwyp^ lflij "The Marconi of ta«
TSS&Swliiffi&t 3 Thought Reading.-
>w3^<^£>iLrj With Experiments In
5 1 ~" »U4U. 23c. 50c. .,
ccc6oec®©ooc««eoeeoocc©o«o©eo«oecoo©oe©®OQOOo
o ./.-': ...;.. e
I Dry Goods 6 Company. |
• ' •
O — — —^ — — — _ — MHaM< ~' 9
% MEN S FURNISHINGS %
9 O
O ¦ 9
9 :^-'\,.:-^ t - ¦ ®
•' . Note— This week we will show in the |
c .window next to the Stockton-street en- • g
e trance a few specimen values from our very.' ©
g terse assortment of MEN'S NECKWEAR and * g
o SILK and LINEN HANDKERCHIEFS. :• : : .§
"• ' O
e • 9
I Men's Neckwear i
.0 . • 9
g . Four-in-Hands, Tecks, Puffs and Ascots, g
£ • from 50c upward. • o
*¦ . ' o
i • . • §
I Men's Handkerchiefs 1
or Fjhe Linen Hand-Made' Initials g
g 25c* 3T l /iC and 50c each g
,£ * (Half a dozen In each box.) * 2
© ' Men's Silk Hand-Mv.de Initials ®
S ...*. - • 50c, T5c and $1.00 each g
• ' o
g CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, |
C? Ce&rj end SioeVtoa Streets. Union Square. 9
ADVEKTISEMZNTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVEB.TISEMENTS.
run from the $3 00
Marten Neck Pieces to the aristocratic Sables and
Every garment bears our label — a guarantee of 1
•'Write for our illustrated catalogue free.
BAT WING SCARFS— The new shape; made of Mink. This
piece is illustrated above. It is good value at CIO [\[\
$25.00; our price OlOiUU
Also made in all popular furs.'
SABLE FOX SCARF— 54 inches long, with two large tails
and chain. A good value at $17.50;. our price . OjfJ Cft ¦
RIVER MINK IMPERIAL SHAPE SCARF— '/o inches
long, with six tails and passementerie ornaments tf»Q fjfl
and chain. A good value, at $12.50. Ourprice... VwiUU
SABLE FOX SCARF— 64 incites long, and lined with Sib'e-
rian Squirrel; finished with long silk cord and OjC flfj
tassel. A good value, at $20. Our price. ¦'. .... VlJiUU
The same scarf in the 76-inch length, worth $35- COR fin
Our price O^OiUU
Mail orders promptly filled. Send for 'illustrated catalogue. _
iThcLargest ExchiaveRfitail Tin- l^l^ent iii tlieV^rld
137 &<j^:^y^^GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Nov 28— 8tmr Cn
qullle .River, for San Francisco; schr j \r
Colinan. for. San Pedro. ': > T
REDONDO— Sailed Nov 2S— Stmr Desnatrh
for San Francisco. . - : ,
• SAN PEDRO— Arrived Nov . 2S— Stmr Cnan
Bay. hence Nov 25; schr Alice McDonald, from
Sailed" Nov 28 — 5tn:rs Cocs Bay . Brink! vn
Centralia and Lakme. for San Francisco
EUREKA-Salled Nov 2S-U s stmr Madro
no, < $tmrs Ban ta t Monlc* and Francis H I «.»
gett. for f?an Francisco. «•*.«¦;
-SEATTLE—Sailed Nov 23— Stmr Santa Bar
DOMESTIC PORTS.
COOS BAY— Sailed Nov 2S— Stmr Empire for
San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived Nov 28 — Stmr Senator
hence Nov 27. *
Sailed Nov SS— Schr Dora Bluhm. for San
Pedro: »chr Minnie A Calne. for Sydney
TATOOSH— Pasned Nov 23— Stmr Pennsylva
n!a, hence Nov 25 for Ceraoi; schr Wm Not
tlngham, from San Pedro for Seattle* rtmr
Rainier, hence Xov 25 for Seattle; i-hlp John
Currier, from Honolulu for. Port Townaend
i PORT BLA KELEY— Sailed Nov 28— Bark S
C Allen, for San Francisco. °
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed Nov 2S Schr tj«k
ert Lewers. for San Francisco. ¦ Kab ~
Rchr« James Rolph, J A Campbell and Sal
vnior.
POINT LOBOS — Nov 28. 10 d m — Weather
thick; wind calm.
OUTSIDE BOUND IN— MIDNIGHT
i;^. ,•-.••; 5 Saturday. November 2S.
V R stmr Tacoma. Harvey. Santa Barbara
Channel, i
Stmr City of Sydney, McLean. Panama and
way port*.
Stmr Olymple. Hansen. Falrhaven.
Stmr Foutli Bay. Jaml»son. Eureka.
Stmr .Alameda, Dowdell. Honolulu.
Htmr Aztec. Robinson. Tacoma.
Htmr Point Arena. Miller. Mendoclno.
Btmr Pa*adena, Ra*musa*n, Eureka.
• Itr bark Pass o! Balmaha. 1 Graham, Port
Townsend.
Kchr Advent, Olsen. Coos Bay.
' Btmr Iaqua, Jorgrenren. Eureka.
TELEGRAPHIC.
SAILED.
Saturday, November 2S.
Stmr City of Sydney. McLean, Panama and
way ports: P M S S Co.
i-trnr Alnm<sda. Dowdell. Honolulu: J d
SpreckeU S: Brcs Co.
Stmr Bonita, Glelow, . San Pedro: Pac Coast
S S Co.
fitmr Columbia, Doran. Astoria; Oregon Rail
road fc-Nav Co.
Ger stmr Nicarin. Rubarth. Hamburr and
way rort«; J D Sprcckels & Bros Co.
Fr bark Vlncennes. Faloun, Queenstown;
Glrvln & Eyre. ,. Vs
CLEARED.
Stmr Eureka. Jessen, 24 hours from Eureka.
Stmr City of Puebla. Jepeen, 53 hours from
Victoria and Puwet Sound rortc.
Stmr Oualela, Hansen, 12 hours from Bend
erg Landing.
Stmr Pomona, Swanson. 21 hours fm Eureka.
Stmr National City, Ilammar, 10 hours from
Fort Brags.
Stmr * Brunswick. Johnson, 22 hours from
Eureka.
Stmr North Fork. Nelson. 29 hours from
Eureka.
Schr Lizzie Vance, Jensen, 11 days from
Grays Harbor.
Schr Winchester,- Christiansen, 40 days from
Apia.
Schr Coquelle, Peterson, -5 days from Co
quills River.
Saturday, November 29.
U S *tmr Hugh McCuIloch. Hamlet. 2tf days
from San Pedro.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Steamer. l For. j Sails.
ExccJsior Cooks, Inlet & Way Pts|Dec. 1
Dolphin Skaginty & Way Ports | Deo. •>
Valencia Skagtvay & Way Port*. Dec. 4
Bortha Cooks Inlet A Way PtsiDoc 7
Santa Ana... Ccoks Inlet & Way Pt* Dec 10
Farallon Ekagway & Way Ports. [Dec. 17
FROM SEATTLE,
Steamer. Destination. Sails.! Pier.
_ November 29.
v"?^ n i" °"' Grays. Harbor ....(4 pmiPler 10
Mcarla.... Hamburg & Way. . 12 m|Pler 1»
»i.i e Ij0 * Angeles Ports. 6 pm|Pier 10
Alliance Eureka & Cocs Bay 10 am|Pler ltt
B. Kosa.... g an Diego & Way. si «m|Pler 11
r™!,™™.''' *' ew P°" & Way... 0 amjPier 11
Columbia... Astoria & Portland. 11 amIPJor 24
K.r, t»«^^ Wcvember 30. | |
r«rin. Humboldt 14 pmlPier .2
Ph£ ; n»x""" Coos Eay dIr «t... IPier H
5n^l!-"" Mendocino City ...II pmiPler 13
r^v. Huinboldt h:30p|pier >
Eureka Humboldt |12 mjPier 13
December 1. | |
North Fork. Humboldt | X pm'Pier "0
Marlpofsa. .. Tahiti direct Ill am|Pier 7
Empire Cocs Bay direct |12 mjPler 13
December 3. | |
8. Barbara. Lcs Angeles Ports. 4 pm Pter 2
:hlco Coqullle River ( « pmjPler 2
Centralia.. Grays Harbor | 4 pm Pier lo
Arctic Humboldt 10 amjPler
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 20
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 an Pier 8
December 3.
Corona Humboldt 11:30 p Pier 0
8tate Cal... San Diego & Way.) 9 am Pier 11
H. K. Maru China & Japan.... | 1 pmlPier *¦>
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Wayl s» amiPler 11
December 4. I |
Newburg. .-. Grays Harbor I 4 pm Pier 10
W. Kruger. Los Portf '.{ 4 pm Pier 2
R. Dollar.. Astoria & Portland! 4 pm Pier 20
Q. TV*. Elder Astoria & PortlandiH aajPier 21
December 5. |
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 4 pmiPler 2
Arizonan... New York | (Pier 25
Newport.... N. Y. via Panama. 12 m|Pler 40
G. Llndauer Astoria & Portland liimlPieri'S
December 7. I
Curacao Mexican Ports .... 10 am Pier 11
Umatilla... Puirst Sound Port*. 11 am Pier 9
Rival Wlllapa Harbor . . 4 pm Pier 10
TO SAIL.
Steamer. From. I Due.
Phoenix Mendoclno |Nov. 20
F. Leggett... Humboldt Nsv. 19
Empire Coos Bay & Port Orford|Nov. 29
Mackinaw.... Vaccroa | Nov. 29
Arctic Humboldt I Nov. K>
curacao Mexican Ports Nov. 23
Mcntara Seattle Nov. 3D
Del Norte Crescent City Nov. 3t>
Chico Coqullle River Nov. 30
Ventura Syaney & Way Ports... iNov. on
Cook Bay San l'edro & Way Ports|Nov. 30
State of Cal.. Pan Diego & Way PortslNov. 30
Central!* San Pedro |Dec 1
Nome City... Portland & Astoria Dec. 1
Senator Huraboldt Dec. I
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria Dtc 1
¦A-bydos Hamburg & Way Ports Dec 2
B.Barbara... Seattle & Olympia Dec 2
Edith Seattle D»c. 2
G. Llndauer.. Portland & Astoria Dec. 2
City of Para. n\ y. via Panama !Pec. 2
China China & Japan Dec. 3
Eureka Humboldt Dec. 3
Point Arena.. Mendoc.no & Pt ArenaiDec. 3
S Rosa Han Diego A Way Pts IDec. a
Limatllla Puget Sound Ports |Dee. 8
Chehalis Grays Harbor |Dec. 3
R. Dollar , San Pedro Dec. 4
W. Kruger. . . Tacoma Dec. 4
Leelanaw Taeoma Dec 4
Pomona Humboldt |Dec' 4
P° n| l a Newport & Way Ports. (Dec. 4
K'val Wlllapa Harbor (Dec. 4
B.Monica Grays Harbor Dec. 5
Columbia Portland & Astoria Dec 6
J. Dollar Seattle & Tacoma Dec. 6
Corona Humboldt Dec. 7
North Fork... Humboldt IDec 7
Queen Puget Sound Ports (Dec S
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
Sun rises 7:05
Sun seta 4:51
Moon acts 1:32 a. m.
D (Time Tlmel Tlme| Time|
" Ft. Ft. 1 Ft. 1 Ft.
» |L W H W |L Wl H W| .
29 0:34 1.6 7:2*| 6.2 1:30 .1.618:141 4.0
SO 1:20 l.fe 8:00 6.4 2:30 l.Oi 1»:1- 4.3
1 2:05 2.1 8:32 0.6 3:12 0.3 10:09i 4.4
2 2:52 2.S 0:08 6.8 3:541—0.2 10:5a 4.0
3 3:35 2.4 0:44 5.0 4:::« — 0.7 11:19
4: | 4:20 2.5 10:251 B.0I 5:101 1.01 1
]H WI IL WI ]H AV| |L Wl
5 | O:35| O.O; B:Oi| 2.7|ll:00| a.Oj 6:O4| — 1.1
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to tirrie; tee
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except uhen tlxie are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are la
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coaet Survey charts, except when a minus i — >
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
ih« charts. The plane of. reference Is the meaa
of the lower low waters.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Nov 23 — Stmr
Cymric, from New York for Liverpool, and pro
ceeded.
OCEAN STEAMERS
NEW YORK — Sailed Nov 28 — Stmr Perugia,
for Genoa and Naples.
LEGHORN — Arrived Nov 27— Stmr Califor
nia, from New York via Marseilles.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Nov -2S— Stmr
New York, from New York.
ST MICHAKLS— Arrived Nov 28 — Stmr Van
couver, from Boston for Naples and Genoa.
HAVRE— Sailed Nov 29— Stmr St Louis, from
Southampton for New York.
LONDON— Sailed Nov 28 — Stmr Minn-tonka,
for New York.
SUE/5 — Arrived Nov 27 — Br r\mr Tel*ma
chus. from Tacoma for Liverpool.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Nov 28— Jap stmr
America Mam, hence Xov 10.
NEWCASTLE. Au»— Arrived Xov 25— Fr
bark Marechai de Castries, from Nagasaki.
ANTi^FOGASTA— Arrived Nov 28 — Br bark
Lindlnfarne, from Newcastle, Aus.
tX>LON— Arrived Nov L'5 — Stmr Yuc*taa, fm
New York.
MELBOURNE— Arrived prior to Nov 27 — Nor
bark C Tobias, from Eureka.
HAMBURG— In port Nov 13— Br ship Scot
tish Hills, for Honolulu.
COLON— Sailed Nov 23 — Stmr Allianca. for
New York.
HONGKONG— Arrived Nov 2S— Br stmr Cop
tic, hence Oct 31.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to Nov 2S— Jap
stmr Tosa Maru, from Seattle.
NEWCASTLE. Aus — Sailed Nov 27— Bkta
Andromeda, for Honolulu.
FOREIGN TORTS.
HONOLULU— Palled Nov 27— Bark Andrew
Welch, for San Francisco.
EASTERN* PORTS,
PHILADELPHIA— Sailed Kov 27 — Stmr
Texnn, for New York.
NEW YORK— Arnved Xov 27 — Br itinr Con
dor, from Payta.
ISLAND PORTS.
PORT. TOWNSEND— Sailed Nov 23 — Fr
ship Mafielaine, from Port Blalteley for Queens
town.
Frank instituted a contest last year,
but it was later announced that the
matter had been settled privately. Thi3
private agreement, however, has fallen
through and the affair will now come
before the courts for settlement.
SALINAS. Nov. 27.— The will contest
over the estate of the late James P.
Meadows of the Carmel. whog^e prop
erty was valt/ed at over $125,000. which
was supposed to have Deen settled a
year ago, has been revived.
The testator left his estate to be di
vided among seven of his children and
grandchildren, omitting one of his sons,
Frank Y. Meadows, from participation
in the fortune. By a codicil dated nine
years later than the will the testator
bequeathed his son Frank $2000 to be
paid him in sums not exceeding $20 per
month.
Relative of the Testator
Resumes His Action
at Law.
Bay. Published by official authority of th«
Superintendent. (
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at the
city front (Mission-street wharf) about 23 mla
utc* later than at Fort Point; the height or Ud«
la th« same at both places.
Litigation Over Mead
ows Estate Not
Yet Ended.
Splendid Reports Come
From Agricultural^
Districts.
Tendency of Weakness Is
Shown in MauufacturiDg
The Oceanic Steamship Company's
liner Alameda, Captain Thomas Dow
dell, which sailed yesterday for Hono
lulu, carried a full cargo and nearly
100 passengers. The latter included
Mr. and Mrs. James Nelll and the
members of the theatrical company
that bears their name. Friends of the
actor folks gathered in strong force on
the wharf and the farewell messages
of the departing mingled In a many
keyed chorus with the good-bys of
their friends ashore.
Lieutenant Commander A. B. Nib
lack of the navy, whose marriage to
Miss Mary Harrington of this city was
a recent society event, sailed on the
Alameda for his post at the Honolulu
station. His wife remains here for the
present to be in attendance upon her
father, who is dangerously ill.
The Alameda'e passengers included
the following named:
Miss L.. Andrews, G. H. Angus, Mrs.
Angus, D. Barry, George Bloomqulst,
George Bosworth, Mrs. Bosworth, D.
Bowles, C. L. Brown, Miss L. Brownell,
Mrs. Rudolph Buchly, J. W. Burton,
Miss Campbell, Mrs. J. W. Cathcart, M.
Cyton, Mrs. Dabal and child, J. de
Lacy, Miss A. Ebbetts, Judge W. 6.
Edings, Miss A. Famulla, Miss L. Fa
mulla. Miss F. Forbes, E. A. Fraser,
Sheffield Grace, D. Hall, Miss R. Hick
stein, W. B. Jarrett, Miss G. Keller,
Miss E. Langmore, S. Lewis, C. H.
Lombard, Dr. D. S. McCarthy, D. J.
Medbury, H. C. Mohr, Robert Morris,
Mrs. Morris, E. Nelll, James. Nelll, Mrs.
Neill, Lieutenant A. B. Nlblack, Mrs.
P. Owens and child, Mrs. M. Peacock,
Miss T. B. Phillips, C. F. Schermer
horn, Mrs. Schermerhorn, H. H. Sco
vel, F. S. Shoup, R. Siddle, J. K. Sum
ner, R. Travers, C. E. Wlltsey, T.
Wunder and Mrs. N. H. Zeave.
?
Hugh McCulloch Returns.
The United States revenue cutter
Hugh McCulloch, Captain Hamlet, re
turned to port yesterday after an ab
sence of about ten days, during which
time she visited San D.Jego and other
southern ports.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Hatters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The British ship Hutton Hall Is chartered
for merchandise lor Liverpool at 13s 9d; wheat
and barley stiffening, 10s,
The German ship Arthur Fitger loads lumber
at Portland for Callao at 33s; Drttlsh ship
Cralgernc. same cargo at this port for Mel
bourne (£14C0).
Cruiser Tacoma Departs.
The new cruiser Tacoma, under com
mand of Captain George Harvey, sailed
yesterday for the Santa Barbara chan
nel, where she will be given her official
trial. How long it will take to put the
Tacoma through her paces will depend
upon the weather and upon how her
behavior Impresses the navy officers
constituting the trial board. It is ez.
pected back by Thursday.
Two Overdue* Arrive.
The French bark Marechal de Cas
tries and the Brltjsh ship Lindisfarne.
both overdue and quoted, respectively,
at 15 and 45 per cent for reinsurance,
reached their destinations yesterday.
The other overducs are quoted as fol
lows: Lurlier. 20 per cent; Fifeshire
and Paris. 19 per cent; Talce, 15 per
cent; Thalia, 90 per cent; La Bruyere,
25 per cent, and Beechdale and Thorn
liebank, 10 per cent.
Gales for Three Weeks.
The schooner Coquelle, which arrived
yesterday twenty-five days from the
Coquille River, was bucking southerly
gales for twenty days of her trip. She
sustained no damage, however, and
landed her cargo intact. She brought
ICO.OOO-feet of lumber.
Change of Captains.
Captain Giela'w has b(*?n appointed
to command the steamship Bonita. vice
Captain Alberts.
Captain Lurrr.ann takes the schooner
Honoipu in place of Captain Reed.
Captain Johnson succeeds Captain
HelJquist as commander of the schoon
er Mabel Gale.
TAJIIS. Nov. 23.— Th» Chamber of DrputlM
to day unanimously adopted a credit of $40 COO
,to permit the partldpitlon of the French la
bor organizations In the exposltlcn at Et
I-oaU.
City of Sydney Sails.
The Pacific Mail Company's City of
Sydney sailed yesterday for Panama
and way ports with passengers and
about 2800 tons of cargo.
Barley for Europe.
The French bark Vlncennea was cleared yes
terday for Queenstown for orders with 60,049
ctls barley, valued at $75,061, and 0000 feet of
lumber as dunnage, valued at $135.
Exports for British. Columbia.
The steamer Queen sailed on Friday foe Vic
toria with an assorted merchandise cargo con
signed to the port of destination and the prin
cipal British Columbian ports, valued at $22,978.
and Including the foMowlng:
38,7rs lbs raisins. 79,435 lbs dried fruit, a*0
pk«s frenh fruit.' 52 pkgs fresh vegetables. 1206
lbs bread. 30.130 lbs malt, 1029 lbs coffee. 074
cs canned goods, 646 gals 12 cs wine, 3040 lbs
nuts, 32« bxs paste, 1 cs olive oil, 1750 lbs
beans, 771 lbs tobacco. 47 pkgs machinery, 67.$
lbs starch, 4G pkgs paper, 1099 pigs lead, 303
pkgs Iron, 4 cs electrical supplies, 1 cs drugs,
IS rs arms and ammunition, 1 cs dry goods.
The steamer also carried 40,260 lbs dried
prunes, valued at $S76. en route to Winnipeg,
Manitoba.
Ezports by the Panama Steamer.
The steamer City of Sydney, which sailed
yesterday for Panama and way jjorts, carried
cargo for Mexico valued at $1101; Central
America, $41,052; Panama, $2113; Colombia.
$353: New. York, $S6.23S. The following were
the principal exports:
To Mexico — 12 pkgs groceries and provisions,
7 crts potatoes. 307 lbs epices, 200 lbs sa*o.
17 pkRs past-. 7 cs drugs, 2 cs paints, 460 lb.<
resin. 1 cs ammunition.
To Central America— 5101 bbls flour lflfil
gals I cs wine, tttS crts potatoes, 3205 lbs
spices. 101 cs canned fcoodd. 2 casks bottleU
b?er, 90 pka;s fresh fruits. 200 lbs lard, 14 pk*»
paste, 10« pk?s arroccrks and provisions, ,V18
lbs nuts, 450 lbs tea, 27 c» salmon. lii.OCO Ibr
rice, 12 pkrs raislnn. 065 lbs dried fruit 511
lbs bread. .",0 cs whisky. .T cs mineral w'ater.
2P5 cs coal oil. 11.C.1G feet lumber, 13 pkps
drujjs and sundries, :J cyls ammonia, 3 cs elec
trical supplies, lS.ino lb* tallow, .1 cs hats, 2flt
pkgs paints and oil*. 29 okga dry roods. 20
pkjfs paper, 75,000 lbs cement, 4 pk*s mlllwork,
15 bdls iron. » pos steel. 22 bdls 150 pes pip?.
C bdls brooms, fi cs soap. .T cs matches, ,T4
pkps machinery. 13 cs ammunition, 40 reels
barbed wire. 4507 lbs a»phaltum, 12 bale3
leather.
To Panama— ICO bbls flour, 110 cs canned
Koods, 12C0 lbs shrlmrp. 107 pkgs naval sun
nlles. 10 pkgs groceries and provisions. 2000
lbs b*ans. fiO crts potatoes. DO cs salmon, Cl^i
feet lumber.
To Colombia — 30 bbls flour, 1103 lbs lentils.
12.12 lbs beans. 2 ca canned soofi». 3S eg salmon.
1 pk£ rntslns. ¦ ¦ ¦
To New York— 60.578 eals wine. 2S.$ftt lbs
rrcascd wool, 1000 flasks quicksilver, 28fiS plsg
l<»art. 10-t tiV* horns. 30 bales Junk. 26,780 lbs
drv hide*. 52 tnls brandy.
The stPnmcr also carried th« following ship
ment?: For nelclum. 10.03S lbs prunes, valued
at $H.V>: Jpmilca. 50 ra canned salmon, valud
at MfiO; Chile. 7 cs phonograph poods, valued
et $1K$; Peru. 40 pairs utee! shoes and dies,
valued at ?S15- Naple, Italy, I cs «*wln.r ma
chine, valued nt *50: Boston, Mass., 40 cs
hor.ey, valued at $293.
«.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
V »;t»<l States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height* of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to i San Francisco
of the absorption for so-called invest
ment account is in preparation for the
future need in connection with the Pan
ama. Canal payment. To induce this
operation the rate of exchange must fall
low enough to offer a profit by the time
of the maturity of the bills which will
contrast favorably with the rate of in
terest in the local market. A rise in
the call money rate consequently de
presses the exchange market by releas
ing supplies to that market, while an
easing of the call loan rate Induces new
investment demand for exchange — In
effect, the collection of exchange obli
gations In London proceedings except
when the balance of profit turns to the
side of retention of the credit in loan.
There is some question raised whether
the currency reflux from the West may
be delayed by the desire of Western
bankers to protect themselves against
money emergencies. Butit is not likely
that anything short of actual runs on
banks would prevent the usual remit
tances to New York under the law al
lowing national banks to count deposits
in reserve cities as part of their own re
serve. Hopes over the railroad outlook
are inclined to turn the chances f or re
trenchment In. expenditures for better
ments^ and even' to reduce 'cost of op
eration by economies growing, out of
the large permanent betterments ef
fected during the late prosperous
period.'
Bonds have been dull and rather ir
regular. In • harmony with the lightness
of the money,- market.
United . States new 4s declined ¦.% ; and
the 2s, 3s and old 4s Va per cent below
the closing bid of last. week.
NEW YORK, Nov. 28.— There was
nothing representative of influential
financial sentiment in to-day's dull stock
market, the dealings being confined to
small operations by room traders. The
minor industrials were relieved of the
severe pressure to which they have
been recently subjected and were in
clined to rebound, gains of a point or
upward being the result In a number
of cases. The general list failed to re
spond to this influence and there was
a disposition to sell following the ap
pearance of the bank statement,
which was favorable. The market
closed firm at a recovery and not", far
from last night's level in any csae. The
gain in cash by the banks was only
about half what was estimated, but the
decline in deposit liabilities was effect
ed by the loan contraction of 56.394.600.
The resulting decrease of $1,445,350 In
the reserve requirement helped out the
surplus to that extent, bringing the
increase in that item to $2,123,SE0. Ad
ditional gold was received by to-day's
incoming steamships, and reports from
London Indicate a prospect that part of
53,000,000 to arrive there next week will
be engaged in New York. The weekly
bank clearings indicate that the shrink
age from last year's level is still con
fined to the four large speculative cen
ters, while the three largest cities in
the West and South and the other cit
ies of the whole country continue to
show clearings in excess of last year.
The tone of the weekly report of the
mercantile agencies was considered en
couraging as to the agricultural dis
tricts and the mercantile and distribu
tive lines, although the manufacturing
and industrial branches are in a mood
of discouragement.
INDUSTRIAL STOCKS ASSAILED.
The week's stock martfet has been
chiefly remarkable for a series of sav
age onslaughts upon various industrial
stocks of minor corporations. The rail
road list and the industrial stocks,
which have already gone through a
drastic process of contraction, stood
comparatively firm in face of this at
tack, and even made some slight head
way against the current. But the vio
lent declines going on in the minor in
dustrials effectually discourage any
great activity for a rise, and this,
coupled with the interruption of the
Thanksgiving holiday, resulted in a
rather dull and uninteresting market
outside of the special movements re
ferred to.
The successive breaks in industrial
stocks were evidently the result of a
systematic weedlng-out process, pri
marily on the part of the banks and
money lenders in rsepect to collateral
loans, but to an important extent by a
party of professional fcraders who
seemed to have knowledge of the inten
tion of those throwing the stocks out
of collateral and who resorted to fierce
raiding tactics on the Stock Exchange.
Given a security, that Is still largely
held in original hands, having been
well distributed and never actively
traded in, and for those reasons not
carefully protected by supporting or
ders in .the stock market, technical
conditions are presented which permit
of violent and sudden price move
ments, which may be only remotely re
lated to the question of actual values.
The neglect Into which a long list of
securities has fallen in the daily trad
ing in sto9ks in itself makes them un
desirable as collaterial for loans by
banks, which It Is Important should
be instantly convertible into cash by
selling of loans and marketing of col
lateral. The course of prices this week
under this process is an effective dem
onstration of the unsuitableness of
much of the collateral for the purpose
for which it was held: There was lit
tle specific news to account for the
movements in this department. In
fact, there was a notable tendency for
the violent breaks to occur on what
could be regarded as good news, such
as dividend declarations on preferred
stocks, concerning which vague rumors
of doubt may have been current. Dis
trust of the whole industrial outlook
and a. conviction that reaction and con
traction, such -as have been demon
strated in the iron and steel trade,
must be faced In all lines of industry,
were at work In causing this move
ment.
STOCKS UNDER SUSPICION.
The whole fabric of the organization
of industrial corporations is under sus
picion, and every new evidence of in
sufficiency of working capital, where
liberal dividends have been distributed
and of new capital Issues ahead of
stocks to supply this deficiency, serve
to Intensify this suspicion and aggra
vate the pressure' of securities on the
narrow market. Behind the present
situation loomed up a prospect of new
competition when industry shall revive.
Many of the consolidatior.3 on which
present inflated capital issues have
been made are seen to have been ef
fected at extravagant valuations, so
that room is left for duplication of fa
cilities at a smaller outlay of capital
on which return must be secured. .The
extension of the term of the Interna
tional Mercantile Marine Underwriting
Syndicate from December 1, upon
which It was to expire, to March 1, 1905,
is interpreted as a measure of the pres
sent hoplelessness of flotation of in
dustrial securities and the earliest
period within which ally revival may
be looked for.
The comparative firmness of the
United States Steel securities during
the renewed scaling down of values In
other quarters goes to show that an ad
justment of the whole list to the basis
fixed in that premier/ security as a
standard has been in some sort in
tendea. 2n the general-, market the
movement" has been a soft of marking
timejh waiting for the fall money con
ditions to work themselves out.
ENGLAND IS RETRENCHING.
Further gold has started from Lon
don, but on i a limited scale, and: the
Bank of England, has used the custom
ary means to protect the London stock
of gold. Liberal supplies of exchange
have comelntb the New York market
and It is commenly believed that 'a> part'
Oceanic Steamship Company's Liner- Alar
: meda Sails for the Island Port, Carry
ing a Large Crowd of Theatrical People
STOCKS SEEM
WELL BALANCED
SON REVIVES
WILL CONTEST
DEPARTS FOR HONOLULU
WITH MANY PASSENGERS
THE SAX FRAjSTCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 29, 1903.
SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 29.
42
RAILWAY TBAVE3L.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
jLjE3SSH3B
SAN FRANCISCO AN J NORTH PACIFIC
EAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon rerry. root ol Market Street.
SA1T 7XCANCISCO TO SAIT EAFAEL,
AVKEK DAY*— 7:30. 0:O». ll:0«J a. m.; 1J:^A.
3:30. 5:10. fl:3u p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m
SUNDAYS— S:CO. «J:SO, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
5:C0. 6:20. 11:30 P- m.
SA1T RAFAEI. TO BAIT F&AVOISCO.
WEEK DAYS- 6:05. T:6Z>, 7:60. 0:^0. 11:15
a. m.: 12:50. 3:40, 6:00. 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trlD at 2:05 air' 6:33 p. m.
EUNDATS— 8:00. 0:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:10. 3:10.
4:55, 5:C5. 6:25. p. m.
Leave I In EfTect I Arrive
San Francisco. I Sept. 27. 1903. |San Frmncisto.
Wetk I Sun- I Dcstiaa- I Sun- J Week
Days. I days. | tlon. ( day*, f Days.
7:30 al 8:00 a 0:10a 8:40 a
D:30a Ignacio. 10:10a 10:20 a
3:S0p 3:%p • «:05 p 6:20 p
5:10 p| 5:C0p 7:35 p
7:30a 9:10a 8:40a
S:COa Xovato. 10:40 a 10:20 a
r>:30p 9:.'i0a Petaluma 6:05 p 6:20 p
5:10 p ,1:30 p and 7:35p
I 5:00 p Santa Rcsa.
7:30 a I 10:40 a 10:20 a
S:COal -Fulton. 7:35 p «:2Op
3:30 p 3:30 pj
¦ - 1 - Windsor.
7:30a S:00a H.al.lsburs. 10:40a 10:20a
Lytton.
3:30 p 3:30 p Geyfervtlle, 7:35 p 8:20 p
¦ Cioverdale.
7:3Oa| 8:00 a) Hopland J10:40aH0:C0 a
3:30 pf 3:30 pj and Uklah. | 7:33 p| 6:20 p
7:30a| 8:C0al Willlta. |7:35p[g:20^
7 :30 a I 8:C0a| 110:40 ajlO:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Cucrnevllle. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
~7-30b| R:CO a! Scncma. I 0:10 al S:40a
5:10 rl S:0Op! Glen Ellen. | 6:05 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al S.OOai ~~ ~~~ "|10:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 pi »::;0 p| Sebastopol. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentln: at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs: at Fulton for Altrurla and Mark West
fcprin«»; nt Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Qey-
bervllle for Skaxss Springs: at Cloverdale ror
the Gey?«r?. Uoonevllle and Greenwood; at
Iioplend for Duncan J-rring-s. Highland Springs.
Kel5eyv!H*. Carlsbad Sprlnss. Soda Bay. I.xhe-
j.ort and Bartl*tt Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Sprins*. Samtcfcu FrrttiRs*. Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Sprlnss. Upper Lake. Ponjo,
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. Lterly's,
Hucknell's. Sanbedrln Heights, Hullvills, Orr's
Hot Springs. Halfway House, Comptche. Camp
titevecs, Hopkins. Mendoclno City. Fort Brag-a;
Westport. ItMil: at TVilliti for Fort Bragy*.
"VYestport. Sherwood. Cahto, Covello. Layton-
ville. Curor.iinrs. Hell'* Sprints, Harris, Ol-
isen's. l.'y«rr. GarbenUIe, Pepperwood, Scotia
anrt Eureka.
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at **atf rates.
Tlckft offlre. 630 Market street. Chronlcls
faundlnr.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
. Gen. Mnnarer. Gen. Pass. Act.
¦^P^^jp TO SAN RAFAEL.
lliiillii ROSS VALLEY,
IVilLL VALLEY
CAZADERO, ETC.
Suburban Service. Standard Cause Electric —
Dnmrt from ban Krancisco Daily— 7:oO, 8:00.
IKIO 10:C0 tl:CO a. m.. 12:20, 1:45, 3:15, 4:15^
6:15* 8:15 7:00 8:43 10:20. 11:45 p. m.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAX FRANCISCO
—Daily— 5:25. 0:35 7:40. 8:35. 0:35. 11:05 a.
Vn.. 1S:W> 1:45 2:55. 3:45. 4:15. 5:45. 0:45.
S:45.» 10:20 p. m.
FKOM HILL VALLEY TO SAJI FRAN-
CISCO— Dally— 5:45. «:o5. 7:52. 8:55. 8:53.
11:20 a. m.. 12:35, 2:00, 3:15. 4:05, 5:03. 8:03.
7:C3 $»:00. 10:35 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
8:00 a. m. dally— Cazadero and way stations
- 5:15 p. tn. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Tomales and way stations.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way na-
tions.
Sundays only — 10 a. m.. -Point Reyes and way
stations.
TICKET OFFICK— €2C Market »t.
FERRY— Un!on Depot, fcot of Market st.
Mi-. Tamalpais Railway
I-e*ve Tu Siisiijt* Jury \rrivi "
SanPrandsco Fw. a Xirkit 5i San Fran dsco
wMm r !^F;^" i
~ '' to " wRsv 5:5Or ,,,;
'WFICB J 1 "" S^°«b Shore Ra.lroidT
WTICH I and SxusAurro Fsmjty, Foot Markot S«.
ADVZKTISEMENTS.
E2BBBSESBBIIBBBHBBBBBBEimBBE.aBBBDBUBBBDBBB9
g Here is what a well-known man sayc of our treatment: B
g ltT SAN QUENTIN, Aug. 29, 1903. g
» I was ruptured by a fall from a bicycle several years R
gj ag:o. I was treated by the Fidelity method and after ten treat- S
g _ ments was radically, and, I believe, permanently cured. I 5
M will cheerfully answer any questions relative thereto upon in- g
tt Josi:re of necessary stamps." g
2 (Signed) A< DRAHMS, |
g Chaplain State Priso'n. g
g We have scores of other letters like this. We have not. B
¦ failed in a single case. Call and see us before it is too late. £
M Consultation is free. - * ' 3
I FIDELITY RUPTURE CURE B
a 1344Market Street, San Francisco. 5
¦¦BBBIBBBBBBHBBKBHBHHBaBBaBBBBBBBaBaBBBBBSBBB
ADVEKTISEMENTS.
i
EA1LWAY TSAV1X.
gOAUFORNIA |
I LimiTZD TO CHICAGO I
| LeaYSB Mondays and Thursdays |
R at 8:30 a. m., through In 3 day> ( I
I with diner end all trappings. i
Other Fanta Fa Trains :
t:33 a. n. ) for Stockton, Fresno, BaVersfie!^
9:30 a. m. > j,x erc ed, Banford and VUalia.
o:UJ p. m. i
4.00 p. m. for Stocitoa.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Graad Casjoa and
Chicago.
Tickbt Office: 641 MarVet St., ind 7ttj
¦' Depot. S. F. Also 11U Broadway, Oak*
land, Cal.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Train* leave and »r« due to arrive «t
FUANC14CO.
(Main Line, toot ot Mirlcet Street )
uiTi — f hum Sotimn & IWil. — AnaiTa
7.00a V»c«.Tllle. vv inter*. Itamsey 7 55i"
7-UJa Benleis, Salsua. Elmlra and Sacrv
mento 725f
7J0a Vallejo. Kapa. CaltRtoum Saots
Kosa, Martinez. Bta fUmoii 625r
7. 30* Kli"». LtTermore. Tracy, Latbrop.
9todt:on 7-25*
800* 6h*sia Express— (VK D»»!*'.
wiuums itur Bnrllett SprlaR!<>.
Willows, tr ru.o. Ited UlulT.
PortUnd, Tacoma. Seattle " 7-55P
8 GO* Darn. Woo-llnnd. Knizhu Landins,
Marysvllle. Orot 111* 7.55*
6 30* Port Custa*. Uartlnr?. Aatlocb.
Byron. Tracy. Stockton. Xew-
nian, Los Buno*. Msndota.
Arraona, II an for'!. V 1 s a 1 1 a,
PorterTllIe 4.25*
8-30* Port O»ta, Murtla^x. True?. Lnth-
rop. >Iodcst:>. Merced. Fresao.
/Gosben Jtiarfivi. Ilia ford.
Vlsa'it*. Hakerffleld ...1 45J*
t-SO* Nlles. San Jo»e, Llvermore. 3'.i>c<-
ton. (t.MIIton). lont\ 9»cri\mrnta,
PUcerTllle. MarysTllle. Chlso,
Ked niu!T 423i»
8.30* Oakdale. Chinese. Jamestown. So-
nora. Tnolniane and Angels 4 2Sp
9 00* Atlantic Rxpreas— OBJen tnil £a»t. 11.25a
9-30* Rlctnncnd, Martinez and Wa/
Stations : 8 55f
10 C0» Tn« Oyerland Limited — Ocien.
Denver. Omaha, Ctilcago. 8 2ir
1000a Vallejo I22ar
10.00a Los Ansel's Passenger — Port
Costa, Martinet. Byron, Tracy.
Lathrop. Stockton. MeTcert.
ICaymonJ. Fresno. Gosben Junc-
tion, ll*nfo»d. Lemoore. Vlaalla.
Bakersflelit. Los Anncles 7-23^
1200m nayward. Nl!e* nnd Way Statiocs. 3-25r
tl OC^ SucramenroUlver Steamers tii.OOr
IZQr Benlcla. Winter*. Sacramento.
Woodlsnd. Knlzhts Lan.llns.
. Marys »Ille, Ororllle ana way
stations 'Sri*
5. J0» Hay war«l. Sites and Way Stations.. 765»
l.ZQr yon CosM. Martinez. Byron.
Tracy, Lstarop. Modesto,
Merced. Fresno and Way Sta-
tions beyond Port Costa 12.25*
830r- Martinez. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl... 10.25a
4 OOr Marttnex.SanIUmon.ValleJo.Kapa,
Caliatoara. Santa Roaa 9-2SA
4 00p Xlles. Tracr. Stockton. Lodl 4.25?
4 30r Hay ward. Xlles. IrTlngtan, Baal t3.55»
Jose, Llrermore } 111.55a
5 COr The Owl Limited— N*ewm»n, Los
Banos. Mendota, Fresno. Tulare,
BakersOeld. Lot Angeles S55a
BXOr Port Costa. Tracy. Stockton 1225f
tS-30r Ilayward, Si'.rn and San Joso ..... 7-2Sa
6.00r Ilayward. Nlles and San Jose 8.55a
SXOl* Eastern ETpre**— Osden. DeaTer.
Omaha. St. I.onls. Chicago an4
East. Port Costa. Benlcla. Sul-
sun, Elmlra, DaTla, Sacramento,
Rocklta. Aabarn. Colfaz.
Truckee. Boca. Ueno. Wads-
worth. Wlnnemucea 0-23*
•.00p Vallejo. dally, exrept Sunday.... t 7 .,_
7-OOp Vallejo. Sunday only f ' "**
7 00p hlchmond. San Pablo. Port Coita,
MaxtlBM and Way Stations 11.25*
8 C5r Orefron A California Express— Sao-
ramento. Marysrille, Reddlse.
Portland. Pus? t Sonnd and East. 8-55 A
9.1 Or Hay ward. Sties and San Jose (Sna*
riayonly) 11-S5*.
COAST LINE Oarrow (j«a S e).
(Foot uf Market Street.)
I. 15a Kewark, CenterTllle. Saa Jose,
Feltoa, Boalaer Creek. Sinta
Crui and Way Stations 845*
t21SP Kewark. Centerrllle, Saa Jots,
Kev Almaden.Los OatocFelton. •
Bonlder Crnelc. Santa Cru* and
Principal Wsy Stations tiO-53*.
4.1hr Newark. SanJose, LosUatos and \ tg.65 s>
•way station* I :13 55 a
•9 30r Hunters Trnln. S%tarday only, Saa
Jose and Way Stations. Return-
Ins from Los Gatos Sunday only. J7 25 y
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN > KANCISCO. Foot of Market St. (311»*l
—rt-.a »m u-jm a.m. 100 3.00 5.15 r.«.
From OAKLAND, root uf Broadwsy — 1«:0O t3:0t
ti»: US 10:00 a.m. 1 2 00 2 00 4 00r.it.
COAST LINE (Br«.i uuw).
Wr (l'lilr'l ana fmrnsfnj Streets.)
S.10* San Joee and Way Stations S3Cr
700a San Jo»e »n>l W.>y Ktattnns 5 5$r
8 00* New Alm»;lrn (Tnes.. Frid., on!y>, 4-10*
8 CO* Coast Line Limited— Stops only San
Jorp, G'.lroy (connection for Hol-
Il*ter). r»J»ro. Cassntrtlle. Sa-
linas. Ssn Ardo, Paso Rubles. >
fnntaM.n purlin S:in Lulschi^pri,
Principal -ruijm thence 8-irf
(c«nni>r;tnn fur Lompoo) prltn-I-
rulnatlorn thrurfl Santa Dar- <
bara am! L«s Anirelca. Connec-
tion »t Casiruvtlir to xn.i from
" Monterey and Parliic lirvre 13-48**
9. CCU Sun Jos?. Trrn >'tnos. Cspttol*.
Eantat'raz.P*cinc*irnT*,S<>ilnas,
tt*n l.iiin Otil»po and principal
.... Way Sutlon» 4 \1'
iOJC* fan Juse »nj Way Stations I 2-»
1120a Santa data. !>«ii Jove. I..'* <iaros •
.¦-_¦ an. I U- .t smh.,1,* *3»
I 2Cp San Jo»par.tl Way Stations S JSa
AXUr V»c\n<;ilr-.v Kxprr»»— S»nt«O»r%
Saa 4i .-. Xirl MaSH* Mi.ntrrpy.
Psflllc Grove (cunn'cii »t s»nl*
CItra for sauta t'ru.'. B«Bl4«r
Lrttfk and Karrvw tinusf Point*)
rt Utlri)y f.»r I!i.::t*tor. 1r.-.«
Plno». at<:«»tr«!!!ff fi-r 34i!nR«. 1T1-.-
S-SOr- Trrs Mnoa Ar»y r»s«en«er ....U0 43a
14 4»>- &»n Jo»e. (vj» S.int:« Clara) L«»
! l.iitos. ami Principal *»'a.f St*
j ; t!ons<P.trrr.: Sunday* t$.12k
I t6.2Dr SanJosesn^rrlnclimlVVsyStat'Hn* f3.0J*
6-lCr feunaet LimltiNt— E«lw» €, S»a
J"»i > ,Cllr».railn«s.riu«i:iil)lrjt,
tan Lni» iii»i«i««. S«nia B ir«»r«,
Lo» Am:<:!«-'<. IH-mtnir. Kl P»»-\
Nrw i)ri»-»p». N«-w YertE. Ton-
¦ci-ts at r«'j*rx> trr ?«nta Crnj
»ad st C*"" 1 "' 1 ' 1 ' f«»r Pacific
GroT*«n<! Way Statli>ii» 718*
ICIEp t»u \Uicu. r.rrfsfor-t.l'i-luioat.Sna
Carl<*. K>>ilw<x»«l. Fair Oai«.
Mrnl«>P«rfe. I'aliiAIto '8 ? 1 *
f.?rv S»n.lo»r snil W*)- Jilittloas 6 Jja
I 11.30PSonthMinKr»r:ct»ro. M .llNrae. Vtur
ilinifume. Ssn M»t«*o. llrtmont,
Hsn C«rlos. U«1woimJ. F»Ir haWj.
Memo !"artc and r«ij Alt" 9 45P
«11J0p Mayflei-I. Mountain View, Sunoy-
*\a>, Lswrence, Sinti Clam c.iul
{ S»n ¦»<)»<• :34jP
A furMoruins- 1* tur Alleruooo
1 SSnndny only
1 • btufw a: all stations on Sunday.
! ?bun«i»» exr*|>ieU. a >atnr«J»r «nly. J
Csr~Uuly trains »in| ptne m Vhh-ccii >t. *--i:r_>ona<Va|
areb:10A.Jt.,7.00AJt., U:»A.Jl.,3:u>».il.snd » »r.M.
"WrtHr. M-.SSiBl-S
__^_— — — — —^— — 1
A BR.YSON IN GOLD.
Free With Next Sunday's Call
Greater San Francisco's Greatest Paper.
Nearly Every One II The Art Supplements
Says So: II Are the Hit of the Year.
The second of Bryson's "Series in Gold," entitled "Sedorah,"
surpawe? the first and w21 be given away FBJIE with THE
SUNDAY CALL, December 6th.
"SEDORAH" & I
* i '" 1 """" " ' % |
"Sedorali" Is the title of our next offering. That %
we know it will please goes without saying. Having ||
gained the approval of the most critical judges, it ' H
cannot fail to be highly regarded and preserved by pjj !
the patrons of The^anday Call. g i
"Sedorah" represents a rare type of beauty, in ft
that a peculiar piquancy is given to the expression g i
of the face of the young girl by the wealth of gold- |j
en hair and her dark eyes. The richness of her S j
blond tresses is heightened b'y the pearls and roses, H j
carelessly arranged in her coiffure, and the contrast- §j
ing background and the diaphanous drapery give jj
warmth and brilliancy to the flesh tones. M j
* In treatment, this picture approaches skctchi- H j
ness, and this quality may account to some extent y ,
for its brilliancy and effectiveness. It seems to Si
have been conceived and executed with a single im- n !
pulse, with none of the changing and retouching that *jj I
are responsible for the labored and ofttimes unshill- y I
ful aspect of the work of some artists. H i
' Printed on heavy paper and surrounded by a |]
rich gold border, it is the most decorative and at- Ej ;
tractive art picture that has been produced in Ameri- N
ca, let alone given away. j|
If you overlooked getting the first of the Series g
in Gold, you surely cannot afford to miss this. *. . H ;
Order the Daily Call Do It 1;
To-pay. Next Sunday Call Now - | |
The Call is for sale at all news agencies and by fi j
all train newsboys. If you fail to find The Call on h '
trains please let us know. We will appreciate the gj
kindncES. * j| ¦ST. JOSEPH. Nov. 2S.— CATTLE— Receipts,
m>; steady.
HOGS— Receipt*, 600; market, 5© lftc higher
light. $4 27J4«M 40; medium and heavy, $1 25Q>
SHEEP— Receipt*. 250; steady.
CHICAGO. Nov. 23.— CATTLE— Rec«lpts,
SCO; nominal; rood to prime steere, $5 15^5 75;
poor to medium, $3 50fi4 00; stockers and feed
ers. $1 75©4; cown. $1 5O#4 25; hclfere. $2«
* 75; cannerg. $1 50ff2 30; bulls', SI 75(94 25;
calves. $1 75®<J; Texa* fed steers, $2 75®3 50;
Western steere, ?3®4 20
HOOS — Receipts to-day. 12,000; Monday. 45.
000; 5c higher: mixed and butchens. $4 33©
4 50; good to choice heavy. $f 35® I 50; rough
heavy, $4 15Q4 35; light, $4 15@4 45; bulk of
eaUs. S4 25a 1 -10.
SHEEP— Receipts. 2C0O; sheep and Ismbe,
steady: good to choice wetner* SS 75^4 25;
fttlr to choice mixed, $2 75©3*95: "Western
sheep, $2 10<S4 25; netlve Iambi, $4®5 75;
Western Iambs, ?4 lfl©5.
ST. JOSEPH.
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Markef.
Brock and ilaloncy were arrested at
the ocean beach that evening by a
mounted policeman, but were released
before Prine had an opportunity to «ee
The detectives suspect that Brock
and Maloney may be the two men that
tricked Jacob H. Piine of 1711 Howard
street out of ?230 at a card game in
Golden Gate Park last Wednesday.
Maloney answers the description of
one of them and Prine v.-|]l be asked to
call at the City Prison and have a look
at him and Brock. Princ at first de
clared that he had been held up at ths
point of a revolver and robbed of th*
$200. but when interrogated by Captain
Martin he admitted that he had been
playing cards with two strange men he
met in the park.
D. Brock «ntl John Malor.ey. o!d tlm*
bunko men. were errested at tho fsrry
yesterday morning by Detectives Ryan
and Taylor and locked up la "tlfj
lank!5" at the City Prison. "When they
saw .the detectives they made a run
for a car. but were caught before
reaching it. Maloney has served a
term of seven years in tha Walla Walla
penitentiary for erand larceny.
Suspected of Tricking Jacob H. Prina
Oat of Coin at Golden
Gate Park.
TWO WELL-KNOWN BTJNKO
HEN ARRESTED AT FEERT
Potatoes continued to arrive freely and the
market was easy for low. grade offerings.
Fancy Salinas were In limited supply and
steady, while ordinary offerings of river and
Oregon Burbanks were . plentiful and weak.
There were no freeh Sweet Potatoes received,
but the market was liberally supplied with
carried-over stocl:, which waa in fair request.
Onions were unchanged and sales of choice
Oregon ex-steamer. w*re reported at $1 Ht*J>
1 25 per ctl.
There were liberal receipts of vegetables from
Los Angeles and choice lots met with quick
sale at good prices. Mort of the receipts of
Peas and String Beans were of poor quality,
showing effect* of the wet" weather in the
south, and were hard to Pell at any price.
There' were moderate receipts of Lima Beans,
chltfly pocr stock, .from nearby sections, and
the quotations had a -wide range. The quota
tions* for bay Tomatoes were obtained only
for fancy stock, which formed but a sma.ll
percentage of the receipts. Poor lots, which
constituted the bulk of the supplies, were
very dull and a considerable quantity was sold
for canning" purposes at 15c per box. >
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river. C5*i
S5c p«r ctl: Salinas Purbanks, $181 45 per ctl;
Oregon Burbanks, S5c®$l 10 per ctl: River
Reds, 6u@75c p«r ctl; Sweet Potatoes, $1@1 15
P< ONIONS— $1 10®l 6° P« r ctl. '
VEGETABLES — Green Peas, SiJMe per lb;
String Peans. 3®6c per lb; Wax, 4©«c: Lima
Beans, 2 14 '9 5c per Ib: Tomatoes. 40@75cpcr
box -for -bay and $1 25 per crate for Ixm An
geles; Summer Squash. $1 per box for bay and
(5T.S775C for Los Angeles; Cabbage. 60c p«r
ctl- Carrot* 75c per «aclt; Cucumber*. $lffrl 25
per "-box '-for bay and GC<Jr75c for Los Angeles;
Garlic 6® 8c per lb; Dried Okra, 12V5c per 1b;
Gre,*n ' Pepper*. 35000c per box for Chile and
ro«J75c for Bell : Mushrooma. 50c(i!:$l . per
drawer; Marrowfat Squaah. $10@$15 per ton;
Hubbard, $15^20. • r
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Stocks — Bid. Asked
Alma 155
Apollo 42 . .,
Associated; Tnm Cert is 20
A ztec • • • • v>
California HtanUard ". !<?
Caribou 0<> 1 0i>
Central Poir.tCon.. «5
-Chlca'gvl Crudo lft 21
( 'laremont 2 ! ....
Esperanxa 1 ov
Fuur '... «T CO
Fultcn 4 50
«}|ent .< 2i»
HanforJ < 130 Ort 140 «n>
Home 85 1 WJ
Imperial . 18 ««»
Independence 16 17
Junction 13
Kern 5 w>
K«rn River 10 00 13 f 0
Lion •>¦•!
Monarch (of Arizona) 41 ....
Mcnta Crlsto W>
occidental oJ.V.'.Va... 1« 20
Oil City Petroleum -27
Peerles- 13 ao
Pittsburg 20
Reid Crude (old Issue) 41
S F ti McKlf.rtcH... 2 75
Han Joaquin O ft D.. 4 W> 4 5<>
Senator 65 75
Sovereign '• 3*
Sterling 2 6S 2 75
Superior ...". 05 •--.
Thirty-Three « Ow 7 5o
Toltee I.'..- 2U 24
Twenty-Eight • .4 OD 4 40
West bhore 2 00
Associated Bo-vJs :."..;. BOt
Reed Crude «nev issue) 4 0<> ....
, / MUcellsneous —
Abbr Land Jfe lm?t 1 50
Alameda. Sugnr .... 2« <K»
American BUiuit 95 OO
American lrtstrtct Tel... ....
Cal Oas & EUctrlc Corp
Car Cotton Mill. 83 0«>
Cal Jockey Club 105 00
Cal - Shipping Co 27 no
Cal Tltl* In» £ Trust 13O 00 1 tit uo
Tentral Bank cf Oakland CO 0t»
Chutes Company SCO
Cyprer* Lawn Impt Co. . fl 50
Fischer's Theater .......... 2 00 225
Uas Consumers Association 22 50
Honolulu Sugar ...\ Kti)
Northern Cal Pewtr .... 0 00
North Shore Rallrrad ...... .... ....
Orpheum ' Comrany 18 OO
Pacific Et*te» Tel. & Tel 113 00
Paraffin* Paint :...".. S3 00 ....
California Stock and Oil Exchange
As already mentioned. Lima B»ans are firm,
but the other kinds are weak and quiet. A
statement ' of the condition of the New York
market appears in the first column.
DKaNS— Hayos. $2 2802 40; Pea. $r.Q:i £5:
Butters. *"'. 25; small White. $2-7503; large
White, $2 :»«T2 60; Pink. $2 504S2 la; Red. $:!(!?•
:: 25; Lima. $2 7502 C5; Red kidneys, $4 25;
Hlackeye, $2 15g2 35 per ctl; Horse Beans.
$1 C0«2.
SEEDS— Rrown Mustard. $3: Yellow Mus.
tard. $2 65S-2 S5; Flax. $1 80@l 00; Canary,
5i?i5Hc for Eastern; Alfalfa, ll«mc: Rape,
l*i«2«4c:' Timothy. C<U*P/ie; Hemp. 3H©3Vic
per lb; Millet. :!@3V4ci Brcom Corn Seed, 520©
23 per ton:
DRIED PEAS— Green. $1 S0®2 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
The following <l«ta. covering a r«rlo<1 of thir
tv-tvo yearc. have b"en compiled finm ths
W««tbcr Bun»«u rerci-d* at San Francisco for
ih« mi-nth cf r>f*rar>«r:
Tetrperafjr°— Mean nr normal temperature,
r-2 nrr+ff The w«mie*t mr.nth wa» that nt
Uaa with «n gvoroce <-t ">* degree?. The cold
est iiftith »a« that of lS'-tt. with iin average
• •' 4'J tiecreff Tl-e hlehesl temperature was ',2
degree <m the Kth. 1501. The lowest tempera
:-:r* wiin df^rrees. on the 24th. 1S7T>. Aver
r.ge rtate en which flrtt "killing" frost oc
.'irr»-<1 In sutumr^. Decmbrr 10. Av»raf« «!att
<n T.lilri, !«ft "kllllTig*' frcrt occurred In rpf.nt.
-.'anuary y*..
Pre^-ipHiitixn <rain «nJ melted «now> — Aver
»Kf f"r «he tn.»nth. 4.S8 inches. Average num.
h»r ct d«y« »-ith .«1 of an Inch or more. ip.
The greatest monthly pr»cipl»at«on wa« 14.3G
fnrhft*. in 1S71. The Icart nwnth'y preciplta
tlfcn w»» O.no inehM. in lWfl. The greatert
Amount tt rrecipltttion r#rnrded tn any 24 ccn
re-uttv* hours was 3.14 inches, on th« lMh and
IPtK 1R71. " .
CIou<!b «n>1 weathet— Averare number of
«ie*r <1aje 12; rarUy cloudy <!ay«. 0; cloudy
i*v*. 10.
Tfin«1— The prevailing winds have been from
tfc* north. The hlgb^t velocity of tM trMid
-!j>i> CO miles from the foutheatt. en the ZZa.
KiMlsr frcBt »>efore rVcember 51 h«« occurred
tflt **x tlrne» «lnce 1R7J.
:•. ;::.-t frost b*t orcurred In but nln« year*
tllce efcrrrvatlonp beran. _
ALKXANpER G. McADIE.
Prof-j-bcr Weather Buffau.
Northern California — Cloudy. unnettle.1
¦a-eathfr Sunday, with ehowtri; freth southerly
v'.vA.
f=-nithem «:sllfornia — Cloudy Sunday; light
ve»trrl' - ivinds; riot to warm.
Nevada— Cloudy Punday.
• Fan Franr!*cr> and vlrlnlty — Cloudy Sunday,
» !th -ton^e ; f re*h oouth'rly wind*.
A G McADIE. District Forecaster.
Ruin <? ffiW.ns at nureka and ail station*
rrrth. Ooait went her prevails generally over
Central arid Northern California.
The temperature continues generally abova
s! 1^ nonnsl.
Forrrart nud* 1 1 Han Francineo fe-r thirty
tsttn enBJnc midnight. November 20:
There has )>e«-n but little chanre In pressure
during Utf- r>a*t twentv-four hours on the Pa
cific Slri*. Tlie pressure continues rllghtly
fcbove the nnrmrl.
ronc-AST
WEATHER CONDITIONS AXD GENERAL.
a K K c 2 ~
z <« $5. *i ? - ?
I =3 35 tz ?• i
j 1 % \ : f
Bakor 30.24 4S .-.2 SE Cloudy .00
Ctrscn 30.22 &<» 20 E Cloudy .00
Kureka .TO.nfi r,2 M fi Rain .Hi
Ttrallcn 30.13 r»8 ?A W Cloudy .00
Fresno 30.12 R4 44 NW Pt.«Hdy .00
n»crtaff 30.12 fS 40 N Cleax .On
Poratello 30. 2fl M 2C W Pt.CIdy .OO
Independence: 30.12 62 4O EE Cloudy .00
Ixjs -Ante!cs..30.00 82 «0 W Pt.Cldy .OO
North Head M
Mt Xunslpaie.30.17 «5 C2 W C1ou«!y T.
Pfacealx 23.91 7R 44 W Clear .00
W.rtlani W.<4 52 ' 4"« E Rain .02
t'oint rt^rca..3n.«Bj eo 52 ke «iou<Sjr t.
lle^ B'ufT MO.lfl r.2 44 EE <1oudy T.
P.o»*burg .10.OS M 42 N Rain .02
Facramento ..^1.14 52 4« SE <-loudy .00
f^alt T^ake Srt.rirt 32 28 8 Ooudy .OO
?*.n Franclsco.3O.lB ,M 52 xe Cloudy T.
*: U Obfrr.?'.. 30.10 70 4a N Oear .00
San Diec-5 ?^>.00 7rt f.« NvT Clear .01
nn.no « sr rtain .01
f-'ixatore W.1S 42 2S W Cloudy .<v>
Tatoo»h Tm.M M RO R Rain .5ft
n'alln Wall*.. .30.1* T.C, ?J\ fi fnoudy .02
nrtnacaucca .30.24 v\ 24 NE Cloudy .00
Vuma 23.94 fi2 M X Cle*r .00
Cash quotations were as follows; Flour,
qu'et but steady; . winter patents, $4ft4 25;
straishts ST "0®4 10; spring patent*. %4ft4 30
straight. $3 50$3 7.*»: bakers, $2 5(tff?:l 30:" i o.
2 spring wheat, fillje: No. 3. 81®S2>.ic; No. 2
red. 8S«tR4*ic: No. 2 corn. 41*ic: No. 2 yel
low. 43*ic; No. 2 oats. -'IS^e; No. :i white,
a.Vi«:j8c: r>e>. 2 rye. C2Viffr53c; good feeding
barley, 25®30c; fair to chefce malting, -I3«r54c;
No. 1 flaxseed. 01c: Nn. 1 Northwestern, r»7'/4c;
prime timothy seed, $2 RO; mess pork, per bbl.
$11 12>.4«m 25; lard, per 1UO lbs. $0 4214®
0 45: short ribs eWss noose). $6 R7»i©« C214;
short clear sides (boxed), $6<3« 12Vi; whisky,
basis of high wines, $1 25; clover, contract
grade, $11.
Articles— Receipts. Shipment*.
I Flrur. bbls 25,900 2S.4Q0
i Wheat. b'J :.... 23S.000 - 12S,30fl
Corn bu 2K3,nOO 21S.0O0
Oatn. bu 227,700 188.SC0
Rye. bu , 5,000 4.200
Barley, bu 144,000 32.100
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creameries, 16<9'_M',ic; dalrlcn,
144110c. Eggs, iteady: at mark, cages' included,
23«f2»Sc. Cheese, steady; 10#10Vic.
Article*. Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat. No. 2—
December, new. SOU £0»l »a ROU
May SO^J, M»i.4 RO K0^4
July 75 75>i 74T4 75'^
<;orn. No. - —
December 417i 42 41«4 41%
May 42 42U 41^ 41^
July 41"i 417J 41'i 41%
Oat?. No. 2—
December 34% M% \ Xi% 34
May .Tfl«4 »5% .15 Vi **%
July 33 S3 33 33
Mess pork, per bb! —
January 10 RO 10 ft2H 10 SO 10 S7^
May 11 12ij 11 20 11 10 11 12Vi
I*ard. i-er HX» lbs—
January 6 27V4 fi . A .7>4 fl 27H fi S2U
May C 37 Vi* 6 42% 0 £7% 6 42Vi
rihort ribs oer 100 lbs —
January 5 75 B 7"H 5 7ft S 77U
May 5 02^ 5 07^4 5 fi2^5 6 95
' AH descriptions under this head are steady
and unchanged.
BIUN — yjt«ii2l per ton.
MIDDLINGS— S-'«t/28 per ton.
SHORTS— 120(521 per ton.
FEED8TUFF8— Rolled Barley, $24 30@M per
ton; Oil Cake Meal at the mill. $27628; job
bing. $28 50^20; Cocoanut Cake. $20021; Corn
Meal. 1304T31: Cracked Corn. $:jo r.O'gSl 5u;
Mixed Feed. *22 50(523 CO; Horse Ueans, $30®
40 i>er ton.
HAY— Wheat. $14C1H «); Wheat and Oat
$13 50010 tO: Oat. $13315; Wild Oat. $11 50«
1.1 .".0; BarJey. $U©13; Stock. $IO@11; Alfalfa
$1O«*,12 50 per ton
STRAW — J0fc60e per bale.
Hay and Fecdstuffs.
The following quotations ar« for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, lew Hi
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE — Steers, 8«$0c: Cows and Heifers.
768*0-' thin Cows. 4®5c per pound.
C1LVEs5— »04>4c per pound (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. :s-V,©tc; Ewes. 3UO»Vs9
Mr pound (gross weight)..
LAMBS — 4^iff5c per lb. ' - •
HOGS— Live Hogs. 140 to ISO lbs. 5Uc: over
ISO lb» 8o: Sowa. 20 per cent off; Boan, 60 per
cent off. and Stags. 40 per cent eft from above
quotations.' j • '
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
I'.EEF — C@"c for Steer* and 4>350c per lb
VEAL- Large. 8©9c; small. 9©04e per lb.
MUTTON—Wethers, 7%jj8Hc; Ewes, 6©6Vac
per lb. • frt '
LAMB— OVaSlOc per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 7^(R!>c p«r lb.
- LIVESTOCK MARKET.
DRESSED MEATS,
Stocks of everything are ample and prices
stand as fcr somo little time back. . , -
Meat Market.
WOO!*— Fall .clip — San Joaquin Lambs'. !>$
lie: Middle County.' ll&12c; Northern Free.
118.12c; Northern Defective. 10<$llc: Humboldr
«..ti Memloetno. 12$14c; Nevada, i::pl5c: Or^
iPn. fine, 181?l"c; Oregon medium. 17c per lb.
HOPS— 19621c per lb for California and 10©
21o ffr Crcson. :'--¦.',.-;¦
The market' under this head continue as be
fore, none of them 3how!ng any especial activ-
H1DE3 AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steer?, Oc: mc-dlum, 8c: light. 7%c: Cow Hides.
7-?ic for heavy and 7^c for light: Stags. 5c;
Salted Kip, 9c; Salted Veal, 10c: Salt»d Calf,
loy-igllc; dry Hides, 15c; dry Kip. l.ic: diy
Calf. lSu: Sheepskin*, shearlings. ittftSOc each:
sLort Wool. 4U@6Oc each; medium, 7ojj!»"K-; long
Vool, ?1@1 CO each; Horse ' Hides, salt.
$2 75 for large and $2§2 50 for medium, *1 25
(SI 75 for aniall and SOc for Colti; Horse
Hides, dry. ?1 75 for large and SI SO for me
dium. $lff?l IS for small and 50c for Colts.
HucU Skins-^Dry ! Mexican,/ 32c: - dry Malted
Mexican, 25c: Ury Central American. 32c. Coal
.Skins — Prime Angoras. 75c: large. and, smooth.
5Cc; medium, 35c; small, 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4 He per lb; No.
2, 4c: grease, 2!£S3c.
Hides, Wool, Tallow and Hops.
Chicfljco was steady, but dull. Wires from
there to Rolton, de Ruyter & Co. said that re
ceipts of Hogs arc a little less than a year ago.
The distributive demand is g-ood and fully up
to last year. Outside speculative Interest Is in
creasing, otvlnjt to the lo-wor prices. The pack
ers arc not supporting the. market.
Tl.is market shows no change whatever, be
ins uuiet and featureless.
CURED MEATS — Bacon, 12c per lb fcr
heavy, 12%c for light medium. 14^c for light.
15Hc fcr extra light. ISHc for sugar-cured
and 2O021UC fcr extra sugar-cured: Eastern
•ugar-cured Hams. 14 He; California Ham*.
13%c: Mess Bfef. fll 50 per bbl; extra Mens.
S12SJ12 50: Family $13; nrlme Mess Pork. *1R;
extra clear. $24: Mess. $10; Dry Palted Pork.
'12c: Plff Pork. $28; Pigs' Feet. $5 23; Smoked
Beef. 15c per lb.
LARD — Tierces 'quoted at "Uc per lb for
compound and Oc for pure; half barrels, pure,
9Uc; 10-lb tins, Oftc; 5-Ib tins, 9"sc; 3-lb tins,
10c.
rOTTOl..KNE— One half barrel. P%c: thr»*
half bairels. »Wc; one tierce. 9Wc; two tierots,
Oc; fiv« tierces. S? 8 c per lb.
Provisions.
THE COAST RECORD
He has also a criminal record in Ala
meda Counts'. He was arrested on
September IS. 1S02. in Oakland on two
charges of burglary, but owing to hi3
youthful appearance Judrre Melvin sus
pended sentence on his promise that he
would ship to sea on a deep water vea
sel. He left Oakland on a ship ami
when it reached this port to load Us
cargo he ran away.
Fred Penn, alias Fred Penny, who
pleaded guilty to three charges of
burglary in the first degree appeared
for sentence before Judge Lawlor yes
terday. He was sentenced to serve five
years in San Quentin on each charge,
the sentences to run concurrently.
Penn Is only a .youth, but he has
shown remarkable activity as a crimin
al. The .first burglary he committed
In the room of Adam Kirk. 32 Fourth
street, on May 6; the second In the
room of Rosco Mellinger. 220 Third
street, on June 5, and the third In the
room of Frank Brosher, 322 -Thlrtl
street, on June 7. He obtained en
trance by using a skeleton key. He
aiso admittted having entered a room
at 116 Ellis street, another at 115
Fourth street and another at the Mil
ton House, 196 Third j^reet. He was
arrested on January 1- for stealing p.
bicycle and served a term of thirty
days in Jail.
Fred Penn, Alias Fred Penny, Sent
to San Quentin for Fifteen
YOUTH WITH CBIMINAI.
BEC0RD IS SENTENCED
M1LLSTUFFS— Prices In packages are as fol
lows: Graham Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs- Rye
Flour, |3 25; Rye Meal. $3; Rice Flour, J7;
Corn Meal, $3 25; extra cream do, $4; Oat
Groats. $4 50; Hominy, $4S4 25; Buckwheat
Flour. $4 50®4 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 75- Fa
rlno. ?4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats. bbls. $7 25@S Co; In sacks, $« 75@* 10-
Pearl Barley. $«: Split Peas, boxes, S7; Green
Peas, (5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Mills tuffs.
FLOUR— California Faintly Extras. $t 60®
4 85, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 503? 4 t>0;
Oregon and Washington, $3 90©4 20 per bbl for
Family and $3 90S/4 40 for Bakers'.
CHICAGO. Nov. 2S. — The wheat situation
I n«i rath'r mixed, the D«-nmlv.r delivery being
I strcng. while the. more distant futures were
j barely steady. There wan tilling by commission
' house* at the start on lower cables and more
' favorable Argentine crop advices, and while
j e prlng wheat receipts were light compared with
! last year, the receipts of winter wheat in the
I South were, again liberal and offset the sntallsr
j receipts In the Northwest. May opened %i&^ic
lower al SrvfiKCVic. but with the advance In
I December the price became slightly firmer, ad
; vancing to SO%e. The market held steady for
! a tlrr>e on buying hy St. Louis houses and by
I the Vadins longs. Reports of Urge cash sales
I at Duluth for shipment* to Buffalo helped to
1 steady orlces. Toward the latter part of th«
i *esElcn there wan liberal realizing In May and
I the early gain was lo*t. the close being a
«hade lower at S0%<fTS0>,4c. December ranged
between S0@SO*4c closing with a Rain of »ic
j at SO%e.
Prospects of increasing receipts and an Im
| provement In grading subjected the corn market
I to considerable selling pressure, and as a result
I prices tended toward a lower level. Mny closed
' lower st 41%c. December closed H<ffi%c
I lower at 41 Tic.
Oats wtre Influenced largely by the action of
I other grains and prices ruled lower on local
j Belling. May clewed ! tt#%c lower at35%^35%c.
Provisions were strong on good demand from
i local *horU> and foreigners. An advance of
! from 5010c in the price of hops was an early
i bull factor. January pork closed 10@12%c
1 higher, lard 10c ur>, while ribs were 7%c
j higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
Statistics of the output of California during
the pa.*t year appear in the first column.
The market continues quiet and easy at un
changed quotations.
FKUIT — Apricots. 7®9c for Royals and Hit
lie for Moorparks: Evaporated Apples. 4S6%c;
sun-dried. 3%ig4e; Peachea 4'/.jj6%e; Pears.
«©lCc: Nectarines. 4#5Hc; Figs, white. 4<fi49;c
in boxes; black. 4'4c; Plums, pitted. 639c per
pound.
PRUNES— 1003 crop, 2%©2-74c for the four
sizes
RAISINS — F. o. b price*. Fresno, for 1WB
crop: 60-lb boxei — Locse Muscatel. 2-crown.
SUc per lb: 3-crown. 5%c: 4-crown. 6%c; Seed
l«es Muscatels, 4Uc: do. fioated. 4%c: un
bleached Sultanas. 4%c; Thompson's Seedlees,
5%c. London Layers — 2-crown. SI 23; 3-crown.
%l S5; 4-crown clusters. $2; B-crown Dehesas,
|2 50: 6-crown Imperials. J3; Malaga J>oose. 2
crown 5c per lb: do 3-crotvn. 5%c: Valencia
Cured, 4%c; Pacific do. 3\c; Oriental do,
2^4c Seeded Raisins— lfi-01 packages, fancy,
8c per lb; choice. 7T£c; 12-oz packages, fancy,
««>4c; choice. 6%c; In bulk, fancy, 7-%c; choice,
TJic
NUTS— Walnuts. No- 1 softshell. 13%®14c;
No. 2 11%®12c; -No. 1 hsrdshell. 13©13%c:
No. 2, ll(&il%c; Almonds, lie for Nonpareils.
10%c for I X L. 10V«c'for Ne Plus Ultra and
SSic for Languedoc: Peanuts, 6®7c for En.it
ern: Pecans. ll®13c: Cocoanuts. $4 5O®5: Cali
fornia Chestnuts. 8@10c per lb, and ll@12%c
for Italian.
MONEY— Comb. HS13c for white and PfllOc
tor amber: water white extracted. &35%c;
'.Ipht amber extracted. 4%®5c; dark. 3%ff4c.
BEESWAX— 27ft20c Der lb.
Dried Fruits,Nuts, Raisins, Honey
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — I-^ec. March. May.
Opening « 5% 6 4% « 2*»
Closing « 5U 6 4^ 6 2%
PARIS.
Wheat — Nov. Mar. -June.
Openir.e 20 40 20 SO
Closing 20.10 20 75
Flour —
Opening 2S 20 2« 00
CloflnK 2.8 20 27 05
Foreign Futures.
N P C R 5s. — 107 S P B R 6*. — 134
n c n r.n.. ioa — 's v w «s.. — io«%
N C P C 5s. — 102 1 i| Do 4s 2dm. — »X)
N S R R 5*. 00 «)5 Do *s 3dm. 07% PO
O G L H 5s.1O7 — Stkn G&E €a 96 10O
O T Co Cs..117 117%! U G A E 5s. — 105
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 42 . (S V W Co.. 39S —
Marin Co ... 61 — [Port Costa.. — —
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L A P. 4 UilSFGiE. 65% 66
Mutual E U 0% 1(>ii S F Gas L. . 3 —
Pac G Im.. 68 55% Stkn G & E. 5 —
Pac L Co... 5.V1 — U G & E..: — —
Sac E GAR. — —
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES. •
S F G it E. — CO
INSURANCE!
Fir-m's Fn-1.320 —
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk. — 125 L P & A 160 17O
An?lo-Cal ..£4 — Mer Trust.. 230 250
Bank of Cal.44fi% — Merch Ex . . — —
Cal Safe Dp.143 152% S F Nation! — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & T.,.2125 2275 ISav & L So. 05 ICO
Hum S & L. — — Sec Sav Bk.40O 500
Mutual Sav..ino lit) Union T Co.. — — »
S F Sav U.6C0 — I
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 205 jPresldio .... 30% —
POWDER. :.-¦ .
Giant — Crt /Vlgorit — 4%
SUGAR.
Hana P Co. Stic Kilauea S C. — fi
HawalUn C. 41 <5 Makawell C. 22 2:1%
Honokaa S C 12 12% Onomea S C. — 32
Hutch SPC 0% — Panuhau S C 14 — .
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alanka Pack. 141 *il42V^ (Oceanic S C. 5 B
Cal FVuit Co. — f»l Pac A F... 4% 5%
Cal Wine As 91% JttVi'Pac C Borx.167 —
Mcrnlnx Session.
Beard -
20 Alaska Packers' Assn 142 00
?53 H. nrkjH 12 12%
50 Hutchinson S P Co » 75
17(» S F Ga* & Electric Co «« Or)
?ltKN) S P of C Os »1912) 114 5O
20 Spring Valley Water Co 30 75
10 Spring Valley Water Co 3D fc7%
Strett—
?2CC0 Xorthern Ry ot Cal 3« Ill 50
Ed L & P O.120 — P 4 C H fe. - —
F &¦ C H «s. — 117 P &. O R ««.11«%12O
Geary-rt 5s.. 45 00 Powell-st fis.113% —
H C*M 5i,i«.104% — S F GAR 5s. — 100%
H C & S 5s. r»»?i1fiO ISF & SJV 5s — 117
Hon H T Cs.104%10»i S R of C 6s. 112% —
L A Ele- 5s.lOJ% ¦¦*4 S P of A 6s
I. A Ry 5s. — 113 (1009) 107%10«U
I. A L Co «s. — — (1910) — 100
Do gtd «s. — — S P of C 6a
Do gtd .'.s. — 104V- (10O5)Sr A. 102% —
LAP 1cm Ss.lOO — ' <190ft)Sr B.103%104
Mkt-nt C «s.U8 — (IBOfl) 104%10A
Do lcm 5«.113?iI1»' <1012) 114%115
NRR of C6B.10K 107^ SPC Icr 5s. — —
Do 5s ...:1H*), — Do stmpd..l06%107
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid.Ask. Bid.Ask.
4s qr <-oup..110 110% 4s qr cp newl34 133
4s «ir reg. ..110 110% .'53 qr coup. .107 108%
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5b. — — I Do 5s — 100
Bay CPC 5s. — IM Do con 5s. — 105
Cal C G 5s. — 106 O G W 5s.. — 97
Cal C tt E e I Oceanic S 5s — 75
m & ct 5s. — 102% Om G Im 6s. — 123
Cal-st 3s ... — — I Pac G Im 4s. — 97
C C Wat 5s. — 100 P E Ry 5a.lO6 107%
Stock and Bond Exchange.
SATURDAY, Nov. 2S— 12 m.
Feed $1 ll!i@l 13*4; Shipping and Brewing,
*1 17%01 22%: Chevalier. *1 2u®l 45 for fan
to choice.
FUTURES.
Session 0 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ..$1 12 $1 12 £1 11% $1 11%
May 1 WV» I 00% 1 CS% 1 08%
OATS — Dealers report a fair demand for lo
cal account at firm but unchanged prices. Of
ferings continue ample, for all needs.
White $1 20411 30; Black. $1 40«l 60; Red.
$1 lOgl 12% for feed and $1 25@l 35 for reed;
Gray, nominal; none here. ¦ ¦ .
CORN — Continues to decline every few days.
Large jellow Is still lower. The demand is
very slack. . - -
Western sacked, (1 27%©l 30 for Yel
low. $1 30 for White and $1 25@1 27% fcr
Mlxod; California large Yellow, Jl 22% ft.
1 30; smell round do, $1 10SJI 60; White, fl 25
@1 30 pep ctl.
RYE: — »1 V5<gi SO per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $2 25i@2 50 per ctl.
CASH BARLEY
Open. High. I^ow. Close.
December ..$134 91 34% fi 34 ?1 34%
May 1 3414 1 "4% H»H I 33 y,
BARLEY— Closed the week quietly, with
lower futures and a steady cash market.
Sepslon a to 11:20 a. m
FUTURES
CASH WHEAT.
California Club. H 4C@1 42%; Cailfo-r.la
White Australian. $t 60ffl 52%; Northern
Club, tl 4031 41U: Northern Bluestem $1 CO
@1 51%. Oregon ValUy. J! 40.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $* SO^
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 Si%
Sterling Exchangf. cables — 4 S5 : ;i
New York Exchange, sight — p ar
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — (V.'ij,
Ml ver. per ounce — hi '
Mexican Dollars — u
IV heat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — Therr was no changp In the for
eign markets. Cables from the Argentine re
ported than th* rains did little damage and
that the Ixportable surplus would be about
OO.OCO.OOO buishels.
Tile East*rn markets were featurelers. Chi
cago was some fractions higher.
In this market cash grain showed no change,
but futures were weak.
The Onomea Sugar Company will pay a reg
ular monthly dividend of 40c per share Decem
bar 5.
Mining stocks puddenly h?came more active,
but with this exception the week closed with
nulet markets in ?.ll the exchanges, and there
were no fluctuations calling for especial m,?n
tion. e.xcpt that Hutchinson Sugar sold down
to $3 75.
SaIcs on the California Exchange, last week
were 10.W2 shares, valued at $4876, the lead
ins sales being as follows: Associated Oil,
4110 shares; Independence, 1500: Monarch.
1350: Occidental, 11C7; Superior. 1500; Sover
eign. eOO. ' . .
Aztec Oil Comnany on the 24th of Novem
ber paid a dividend of 2c per share, amount
ing to $47UO. .
The Alaska Trradwe 11 Mining Company paid
an extra dividend of 37%c per share, amount
ing to $7.">,0C0. yesterday.
The Pa-.-ffic Coast Borax Company paid a
regular monthly dividend of $1 per share yes
terday. ¦ •
STOCK MARKET.
(UOth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
BAN" FRANCISCO. Nov. 2«. 3 p. m.
The follCTvirc are the seasonal rainfalls tc
Ontt a» compared with those of same date last
t'SE'jp fti;J rainfall In !»»t twenty-four hours:
\,«rt Thif I^ast
PUtirrs — 21 hours. Reason. Season.
Hurtka fi.ic 14. f* 13.37
Red Bluff .Trace «.72 10. OS
Eaenutaesto 000 n.X2 3.«,f»
Frano'.seo Trace 4.41 ti.C*
l-'re«no 0.00 O.«^t 2.f77
Independence 0.00 O.42 «).7a
fan Lui* Ob'.spo O.OO 0.44 3.02
l«o» Ar.peles 0.00 0.43 2.47
Fan Dieso 0.00 0.0« 2.50
Weather Report.
Tin New York Journal of Commerce of a late
<!«:• s«;s:
"The Eituation in California lima beans I*
tx-Rinnirs: to display a mere interesting aspect
than h2s \**n thewn by it since the earlier
buying novomenl <-iO5ed. Accordinjt to state
ment* niailc in the trade on Saturday, the m»r
. k=t U fir.erpine from the condition, of depref
»ian aw'Hir w liich it ha? rested for tome time and
i< devc)6p<ns a Ktranc and advancing tcndenoy.
Notwithstanding the f«t-t that the crop of V.uX',
v.n* th* heaviest in the history ( 'f Califcrnin.
th* \>>\; price*- teach»<! wmc weeks «go resulted
in lirinRinp »b.iut what h«s been < haracttrize.I
».? an e»iorm r us butines* on the ba*1s of 2%'p
l'"i'.- "n t!ie ox-art, but »h»n the market l>*gaii
•. • recede buyers who had r<~ne in st hisher
• rtea !a«t n;mm»r bf-rcme friifhteiied an<3 there
w»ti c cmrral ru*-l< to unload holdings.
"What ha* l>e<-"me of the Ftock fo turned
nwer d<K-« rot api^ar. but it I* believed that the
bean* l.a\e *>ee!i distributed through regular
¦ • haimeia of cfn*umption. this view reo«»I»-ln»:
*uj>p/,irt npiiarrntly from the recent renewal of
ftiqatrit-f from buyers, which are said tr> be de
¦ • ;• , Ins teto ¦ very considerable busine5!«.
".•^ the r<-j--j!t of th* rr#flllnr abov#> re
'•rreri t.. the spot raf.rk"t here I* bare, and *uch '
a*«g<« as *rr nrrfvlny »•» flrailj- hrld at S2 "ZTi j
pef »>usj>#!. while the- price on the coast ha* ad
\«:.fri t o 2.Vk- i«T pound. The arrivals here
ft* *<-r-e tinir have Iven exceedingly llcht.
•¦ rr-,M:::njr like a <-*r or two a <!ay, which Is
Ukeii •* fv. iiriiration that E*stern buyeis
have r^thinj bourht on th»> o<-a5t. and conse
• r-i'Tt:- :t it oonflfiently expected that a free
:>u? in*: rm v«-m»nt cf to cob« this way
w.M aooii 1^ re;x>rt*d from California."
Lima Beans Market
The California Fruit Grower has just iesuefl
its sixteenth annual review and harvest edi
tion, containing »iKhty pages, with illuminated
covers. It is rot only a handsome production
cf the x>reps. but is filled, as usual, with a
Fr»-8t variety r-f matter. ftatistl«.al and descrip
ti\*. pertalrirg to the fruit and wine Industrie! 1 .
The. loIJcwins figures give a fair Me* of the
rccpe of matters treated in its columns.
Crop jear of 1902-19O3— Altncnd yield. 327
caie. or «5.54'>,O00 lb*; Bean shipments, 44,t>Ct
ton*: B*et gug«r output. 73.761 tons; Brandy
troduction*. 5.700.343 irallone: Canned Fruit
and Vegetable rack. 3.4n4.05S cases; Citrus
Fruit shipments. t>.TA;i.!>iM) boxes. or 23. *71
• «r»: Piune output. I97.< 00.003 ib.=. or 6507 carp;
other Cured KruitK, 57.1KO (on*, or 3S12 cai*:
Ff«h Fruit shipments. IOft.412 tons, or 83«7
pan; Gold production, $16.910.32<t; -Honey
yield. f>,12.\ono lbs. cr IS:{ cars: Hop yield.
r-".iKVt baler: Pacific Coast Salmon pat-k. 4.2.V.*.
1S.0 casei: Raisin yieJd. 1C«.000.0«0 Ib5. or M-'cO
• ar»: Tomno r'ack. *C7.<ift:! cases; VejretaMe
ffcipment^. 89,863 ton*: Walnut > ield. 17.140.O)
iby. rr S57 cars; Wheat crop. 616,094 tons:
Wine productions, dry and meet, 43,0j9.74<j
Fallen*; Wool etlft 2<i.<J0O.Or.O ibJ.
The California Fruit Gron'cr.
Adam* Con 10 Little Chief <yj
Alice '12 Ontario 600
Hreece 10 Ophir 1 «q
Brunswig Con OS^'hoenlx ...' 02
• 'oir.r.tocii Tunnel.. Oojt'otosi J7
Con Cal & Va KSi-Javage »4
Ho.rn Silver 1 OO Sierra Nevada 40
Iron Sliver 1 80 r ! mall Hopes 15
Leadillle Con O2 Standard 2 00
IJOSION STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — (West' house Com.. 70
Call loans &%«K< j . Mining--
Time Leans tt ©«% Adventure 3%
Bonds — Allouez 4 14
Atchiaon 4« 09% Amalgamated ... :u>ii
Mexican Cen 4s... 09 Binfjham 21
Railroad* — <ialumet A Hecla.430
Atchlscn CU ••ntennlal 14
D« pfd... BO Copper Range.... 42%
BoMon & Albany. 247 dominion Coal. ... 71
Boston & Maine.. 170 I'rtnklin 7%
Boston Elevated.. 140 }sle Royale 0%
N Y. N H. A H..l»3% jlohawk 25
ntchburg pfd 135 .'id Dominion .... '¦>
Union Pacific..... 74 Otceola •'••<
*:ucellatieous — Parrot IS
Amer Sugar...*. ..122 'juincy 82
Do pfd 121 lanta Fe Copper. 1%
Amer Tel ft Tel. .125 j'farr.ur&ck 85
Dominion I & S. M 4 Vrinlty **i
Mass Electric... 17% United States 17%
Do pfd :... 7H ITtah 27
I'nfteH FTuIt flC% Victoria 2*j
i; S Steel........ 10r,{ U'incna 7%
Vo pfi &lIi.WoI\erlne W.i
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — £ale*. High. Low. Cloee.
Atthinon f.StiiO «UU 6'5 66
Atchison pfd 3uo \io-,i 90% 90
Baltimore & Ohio. 7,9iK) 70*s 73*s <«%
B &. O p.'d 87
Canadian Pacific .. 7,800 117% HCJt 116?i
Central of N J 1341^
I Ohts & Ohio SOii
< hicago & Alton.. 1.000 o2% 32 32
Chi Si Alton pfd... «S
Chi & Gt Western 15%
C ft Gl W B pfd.. 2.1O» Z* 2S 27 %
ChicmtO & S \V... 2CK> 166 16* 16S
Chi Term t: Trans 8%
Chi T & T pM 17?i
C C C Sl St Louis 71
Colorado Southern . 100 13 13 12%
Colo So 1st pf<J .*>3
Colo So 2d pfd 21
Del & Hudson !54
1 Dei l.rck & West 234
j I>enver & Rio Gr 20%
D & R <J pfd 67
! Erie 2.S00 27% 27 27
Eiic- 1st ij.'d 200 t>6?4 6U% 66 %
Kric 2d Md ¦. .... 48%
Gt Northern ffd 1W»
Hocking Valley 74%
Hork Valley |.fd S3%
• Illinois Central ... 7(>rt 12S~* 128% lis%
Iowa Central 2>.X» 20>s 20 20
Iowa Central rfd 35
K C Southern 18
K C Southern pfd.. l«»i 03** 33\ 33
Louisv & Nashv... l.S<«> I03K 103 r i M3%
Mantiatthn L 2uO 130ii 139 139'i
j Metropol St Ry 2.30O 117% 11««» 11*5;*
Minn K: Bt L-JUif.. li«0 60 dO 39
Missouri Picific .. 1.800 Ov'i Wi 'JO
Mis Kans 4. Texas. S<»> 17% 17 17
! M K & T pfd S6T,
I Nat R R of M pfd :;6>i
N Y Ontral 1 .tfto 117% 117% 117%
! N'or.'nlk & WeM... 2K» 5«'-^ Mi 53T 8
I NOT & Wrft pfd... !<"» 80 SQ Kb
1 Nor Securities ss%
Ontario H Western fn.nt a»S 20% 20%
Penns\Ivanla 1<X» 113 113% 11314
P C C & St Louis 57
Reading 37.0CO 40^ 40 40Vi
Reading 1st pf<1 74 T i
Readlnr 21 pfd 561?
Rock Island Co 2.3W 24 23V •£} : -L
n Island Co pfd RgiT
S L A 8 F 1st pfd G0~
S L A S F 2d pfd. 100 45 45 44»2
St. Louis S W J3sj
f=t L f> W pfd TOO 3U% SOU ao%
Pt Paul 4.8O«( 13S*« 13St 9 I38U
St Paul pfd ?<*> IV2 172 172
Southern Pacific . . ».8()O 46^ 451^ 43
Boatbrra Railway. 2.400 l»% 13^ 19 u
Southern Ry pfd.. 70<» 77«4 7«V 7ti\
Texan & Pacific l.Ono 23 23'/
Tol St L & West.. 1(n> 21 "1 "fl *
T St L & W pfd... 2W .""U .r» -">
Cnion Pacific 13.60O 74*i 73'i Vlii
Union Pacific pfd.. Sf>0 m; s« ss
Wabash toft 1914 1914 iptj
W.nbash pfd SOO 35 1 4 34 1. ::4 r'
Wheel & Lako E V?i
Wisconsin Central. 300 16% 16% 16U
Wis^onMn Cent pfd 35.1
Express Comjanies —
Adam* n^fl
American ..] '.'..'. 1S5
United State* i(y>
Wells Fargo ; 105
Mix<»I]aneous —
\m-\\ Copper 4.500 .TSij 37^ .-jrh
Amer Car fz Foun jju^
Amer Car * F pfd €4%
Amer Lin Oil «t'
Am»r L Oil pfd ?rt<^
American Loco ... 1..VX 14% 1 14U M 1 '
Atn<r \jocn pfd ... 2,000 7." "»'', 7*'4
Amer Smelt & Ref. 1..100 44 tf\ 42a:
Ame fi A- Ref pfd. 700 R71.', K7!', ««%
Amer Sucsr Ref... 16.700 122% 121 *: 12 o i£
Anaconda Min Co T4
Brooklyn Rap Tran 4,900 49% 4f»',{ 4!>\i
<'olo Fuel & Iron 25 Vi
Co!umbu« & H Coal 100 I0«4 10*4
Connolidated Gas .. 4.7( v » 17S 177 17x
General Electric .. 1<V) 154% K>4>.'. l. r i4%
Int^r P*r*t K,o in»J -,0'i 10
Inter Paper r-fd... 150 CI-% 61%' ci
Inter Pump , . .... 30
Inter Pumn pfd < s
N>tlon«l Bi«cu»t 34
National Lend ... 100 14% 14<S, J4S.
North American 73ti
Pacific Ma'l y-,
Pressed Stre^l Car.. 400 24 'i 24% 2t%
Pressed Steel C prd 200 65 C4 C4
Pullmaa Pal Cur 21.1
Republic Pteel .... 100 rt « «
Republic eteel j-fd. 4,500 41 3S% 40
Rubber Good* ].-{V4
Rubber Goods pfd rs I,
Tern Ccal & Iron.. 100 2« 2S 27%
U 8 leather SOO 7 7 7%
IT f? I^sther pM.. 400 75% 75 74%
V R Rubber r %a
I- S Rubber p«d M
O S Steel 1.00O 11 10T» JOS
it s ste«?i pfd c,r»jo r.2 si % si v
Western Union 200 ?5!J 85% &5
Tottl rkares sold. 143,500
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. Nov. 28.— Bond transactions
United Railroads cf San Francisco 10 000
at $7C.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U 8 ref 2s. rtf.T.KBfi L & N uni 4s BS%
Do coupon lC5»4!Mnhtn con gold4i 102
Do 3s. reg 107 jMe-xican Cen 4s.. 72%
Do coupon 1G7 Do 1st Inc.. 13U
Do new 4s. r«g.l.".4 IMlnn 4 St L 4s.. 07*1
Do coupon 134 iM. K ft T 1b »t2
Do old 4k. reg..11U I Do 2,i«.. - 7a '*
Do coupon 110 Ntl RR Mex conis 75^
P° 5s. reg l;»H4 N Y Cen gen 3%g {W
Do coupon 1<HV 4 ,N j C en gen 8«..12flV4
A«ch!son ren In.. If*) (Northern Pac 4i \0°U.
Do adj 4s K7 j Do 3s ' 70U
Atlantic C L <s. Kl N & W corf 4s. i. {>«£
Bait & Ohio 4s... 100*4 O 8 L 4* and p.rt IK!
Do .H 2 » 04%'Penn conv 3Uii.. 0514
Central of Ga 3s. .103 % Reading gen 4s 97*2
1st inc «4% StL & IM con 3s. 110-2
The* & Ohio 4%,.ioi fitL & SF fg U... *1<1
Chi &. Alton 3%». niLiSLt L 8 W lstu... ft
';-« B -*»°™ B * w 4 * Seaboard A L 4s.. 72
*'•¥ f; StPgen 4s.llO Southern Pac 4s.. 89
'. } V^ con 7 *- 1!WV < I Southern Ry 5«..U2«4
C. R I * P RR4s 70ti,Tex A Pac lets.. US
Do col Ss 73'4 T. St L fc W 4s.. 70
rve ft SL ren 4s.lO7% Union P*c 4s 102%
Chi Terminal 4s. 7R Do conv 4s }m£
Cen Tobacco 4«.. M i; S Eteel 2d 5*.. KS--2
Colo & Houth 4s.. »4 Wabanh let* mvi
Den & Rio G 4s.. 'M Do deb B 57U
Erie prior lle-n 4s. 9S Wheel A L K »s R«
Do B en 4s 64 14 j Wisconsin Cen 4*i RO
Ft W & D C lat.104U.Colo Fuel con 5s. C3
Hocking Val A\t.4. 106 i
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
SEATTLE, Nov. 2S.— Clearings, $711,3CS;
balances, ?iC0,H'<i.
TACOMA. Nov. 28. — Clearings, $355,591;
balances. ?28.577.
PORTLAND, Nov. 28.- : -Clearings, $440,726;
baianceii. S103.513.
SPOKANE. Nov. 28,— Clearings, $32S,002;
balances, $64,524.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Northern Business.
TONOPAH MINES.
Bld.Ask. Bid.Ask.
folehan — IS N T Ton .... — 05
Esperanza ... — 01 Paymaster ... 03 —
Gipay Queen.- — 25 Rescue 03 Ort
Gold Mt Con. — (B Ton Belmont. 7* »t
Hannapah ... — 10 Ton A Gt W. Ot 04
Lucky Tom.. — O5|ron of Nev. .5506 13
MacNamara .' 00 12, Ton N Star.. 32 S3
Mlzpah Ex .. — 24 Ton Midway. 34 40
Mont Ton 1 15 1 2O 1 -.*
SATURDAY. Nov. 2S— 13 in.
Bid. Ask. 1 Bid. Ask.
Alpha ....... 04 OKlJutia 03 on
Alta <T2 OSUustice 1O 11
Andes 2O 21|Kentuck 02 f-T
Belcher 1* 20 K Graessler.. — 1 »<>
Best 4: Belch. 1 45 1 STiLMexkran K $.1
Bullion 07 OS. Occidental ... 37 40
Caledonia.... 82 WJOphir 1 95 2 OO
Challenge ... 2n 21 Overman .... 15 \H
Chollar ...... 10 12!Potosi 10 12
Confidence ... 7* ZO Savage 19 '¦*(>
Con Cal & V.I 15 1 20 Hcorpion Ol f>2
Con Imperial. 02 03 Ses Belcher.. f*» 07
Con NY.... 1.1 14 Sierra Nev... 41 «
Crown Poljit.. 14 IS'.SUver Hill... «0 61
Eureka Con.. — ROSt Lonis .... It —
Exchequer ... 11 12 Syndicate ... 04 Crt
Gould & Cur. 27 2S Union Con... 52, 5-T
Hale A Norc. 47 4* Utah 14' IS
Lady Wash .. — 041 Yel Jacket.... 2T 23
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
1000 Brunswick ... — 500 Mont Ton I 2'»
5<)O Draper 14 100 Ton Midway. 33
."00 MacNamara . 15 150O Ton N Star.. :zi
50» Mont Ton I 2»> 10CO Ton N Star.. Si
10CO Mont Ton ..I VPA
Following were the sales at the Tor.opah and
San Franciso Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
TONOPAH STOCK EXCHANGE
S00 Belcher l»t 100 Mexican 7S
100 Belcher 18 Mexican J«l
500 Belcher 2O 10O Ophir If")
I7W Bullion W» :si>o Overman .... I*
2110 Caledonia ... Slil.WO Potosi . U»
2<>0 Caledonia ... S5;i:tO*» Potosi 11
50O Challenge Con 2! roo Savage 1*
UOO Chollar ll! 3i>«> Sierra Nev... 4»
lOOO Chollar l^i 4f« Silver Hill... fc3
WO Con «.:al&V.t 07%| 20O Union Con... 4s
200 Con C'al A V.I 1? V"«» I'nion Con... 4»
50 Con Cal & V.I 20 500 Utah IS
1200 Crown Point. 15 2t.O Yellow Jack. 2V
20O Gould t Cur. 24 4C0 Yellow Jack. 23
2CO Hale &. Nor. . 43
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales of the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
San Francis*'© Drrdork 47 10 ....
Sanitary Reduction Work*.. 1 00 1 JO
Sausallto Lind & Ferry lrt w> ....
Spcrry Flour Company 27 .V> XT IO *
Standard Electric l<* t«»
Tesla Coal •«>> "2 oO
Truckee Electric 13 S3
Union Sugar 22 5O ....
United Gas & Klectrlc 34 50 ....
SALES.
Morning Session.
167 Occidental 19 -
10PO Toltec 2l>
23O Sanitary Reduction 1 »
40O Monarch 47
luO Monarch 4*
50<> Independence <b 1O) 19
100 Sovereign • W
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the -sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange board yesterday:
Morning Sesaton.
100 Andes 18 100 Occidental ... 31
SCO Belcher 1* nt« Oph!r 2fu
21*0 Best & Belch. 1 45 200 Ophir «C t5
5«>0 Bullion ONI 2»X> Overman .... 1»
1UO Caledonia ... 83 100 Potosi 10
100 Con Cal & V.I lt>J 300 Savage 1H
10O Con Cal & V.I 15 10O Sierra Nev... So
lOtx) Con Imperial. OS 100 Sierra Nev 8x
.TOO Crown Print. 15 ICO Sltrra N«v... :r.»
«€O Gould & Cur. 23 ;«*) Union Con... 47
H*» Kentuck .... «; 300 Utah 12
200 Mexican 7* 400 Utah 13
1*00 Mexican 7i
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranrss. f<?:^ r*r
box: Seedlings. $1 r«O©2: Tangerines. $1 5Q62
for half boxes and $\Sil 25 for quarter
boxes; Lemons'. %\T>- ptr box: Grape Fruit,
Jl f>C>32 BO: Mexican Limes. $4.'?1 50; Bananas,
$1 2. r >fl2 25 per bunch for Hawaiian and *:.'(#¦:
for Central American; Pineapples. $2 SO^j.i 50
per dozen.
APPLFS— Farcy c n'*7-nb*rKs. %Z 2" [>*r box
for Oresrm and %\ r.0<??2 23 for California;
ether varlftlee. J1«&1 i5 for fancy. 7SS85c lor
choice and 2."fr5Oc for common; Christmas Ap
p!««. *1 B0«2 r>0.
PEAJIS— Winter NelliB. t\ 25@1 50 per box.
«->riN<-ES— QCN8THC per box.
POMKGRANATES — $1 2.*.«il 50 per box.
PERSIMMONS— 40e©$l per box.
GRAPES — lOSCCc for small boxes and 5O;QS3c
for crater
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod. Jll'fMl 5O; Jer
re>v. $10^10 75 per bbl; Coos Bay, $2 50(53 per
box.
The fruit market was quite active on local
account, as retailers were purchasing freely
for two days' requirements, but there was very
little doing In the shipping line. , Apples had
the most call and prices of choice and fancy
stock were well maintained. A car of strictly
fanry stock, chiefly Spitzenbcrgs, was received
from Honey Lake, Lassen County, and sales
were readily effected at $2 25 per box. The
usual quantity of Berries came in. but met
with a sluggish dc-mand and prices had a wide
range us to condition and quality. Fresh ar
rivals of Grapes in (-mull packages met with a
mir demand at steady prices, while carrltd
ovtr sf.ck. which was abundant, moved slowly
and dealf rs were offering liberal concessions In
order to clean up. Freshly arrived lots of large
l-ox** from Martinez i-old at *1®1 75 per box.
Old et<--ck. which hail been accumulating for
pome day*, was cleaned up to canners at $10
per ton. Persimmons eold at a wide range as
to quality nnd size of box. Pomegranates and
Quin.es were In email supply and prices stood
as previously quoted.
Citrus Fruits were in ample supply and
nulet. New Oranges end Grape Fruit moved
?lowly,' owins "£¦> tlie grreenntts of the stock,
and th? market" was over'oadM with Tanger
ines. Llmcfl and Lemons wert unchanged.
STRAWEERP.IES — Ijongworths. $i?12 per
che.«t: Inrye berrl's. *'."<7 4 per chest.
RASPnRRRIKS— $2 «O0« per chest.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits,
EASTERN MARKETS.
Local back clearings during the week Just
*r.ie<l Trere $25,851.1»6. apalnst $26.S7K.lol dur
:nr th» corresnondlng week In l»02. The clear
itijrs during the Fame week in 1901 were $22.-
O0C20C.
Bank Cleanups.
Flour, qr *icks. .ly.SM); Potatoes, sacks.. 345
Barley, • centals. . 445! Bran, sacks 3,640
Oats, centals.... 600|
WASHINGTON
FOR SATURDAY. NOVEMBER 2S.
Flour, qr sacks.. 0.14>;Ccrn meal(East).
Wheat, centals.. 4.0«5i sacks rrfV>
Barley, centals. . .45.KH.J Tallow, centals.. 248
Oats, centals 40U| Pelts, number... 622
Beans, sacks 2.SlOjHidts, number... 1,0::0
Potatoes, sacks.. tf.l'i'O.Ratsin*. boxes... 2,050
Onions, sacks 91O.Quirk3llver, flasks 15
Bran, sacks l,:i3ti|Leather, rolls.... 90
Middlings, sacks. 52lilWlne. gallons. . .69.000
Hay. tons ' 2S0 Urandy. gallons.. 3.SC0
Hops, bales o!>-!Paper, reams 1S5
Wool. t bales l."n ! uzar, centals !V-«5«»
Feed, sacks 222 'Powder, car 1
Receipts of Produce.
PRUNES — Are meeting with some Inquiry,
but so far actual bux'.nesv has been <julet.
Priors range trom 2%c to 0%c on all grades.
.APRI'A'n'S— Are quiet, but about steady
with choic& quoted at f> l 4©ft%c: extra choice,
lOQlOVjie. and fancy at Il?fl5c.
PEAi'HES — Also are quiet, choice are quoted
at 7',^«:7%ic: extra choice at ~%ft)*%ie. and
farcy r.t 9Vi@10';c.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market con
t!n.es orsv. Common are quoted at 4555c;
prime, o'^faj^c; choice, i'ittH^c, and fancy
at "f
DRIER FRUITS
NEW YORK, Nov. 2S.— FLOUR— Receipts,
4fOO barrels; exports, IS.tiCO barrels; sales, 7GC0;
firm, witli moderate trade. Winter patents. $4
04 ?,:>; winter stralKhis. $3 95<g4 10; Minnesota
patents. $J .-ir>^4 75; winter extras. %'i'Si -_'5;
wintfr j>9tent». low gradex, $2 SO©:) 15.
WHEAT— Receipts. ."0.500 bushels: exports,
22.40O but-hclf. flr:r.; No. 2 red, SfcVic
tlevator; No. 2 red, 6»Hc f. o. b. afloat; No I
Duluth. 91 %c f. o. b. afloat. Options opened
racier because of poor cables, but speedily re
covered on grxid Western buying, small North
wt't reoD'pts. lurther rain» in Argentina and
room covering. A final drr.p umt»r realising
left cl"King prices urv.-liansrcd to J »c net higher.
May. S4 l-lCfn84 ;t-1(«c. closed S4»4c; July, S'^ic;
December. 88 %r. closed ?8"Hc.
HOPS — Steady: common Jo choice. J904 24S
n?c: 11V2. 21<gi'.'>u c ; olds. n«J12c: Pacific Coast,
19<>::. 21628c: mOV. 2I*f25V-c: olds, 9®12c.
Hint.S— Steady: California. 21 to 25 lbs, 10c.
WOOL — Firm; domestic fleece, * 28ft:S2c.
SUGAR— Raw. steady; fair rennlnsr. 3>;c;
erntrlfusnl. Uf, test. "\c: molasses sugar. 2c;
refined, quiet: No. 8, 4.05c: No. 7. 4c: No S.
".!!.>:: No. n. ;{.<)0o; No. 10. 3.S.V: No. U. ."J.SOc;
No. »i. :j.7.V; No. 13. ::.7<V: No. 14. :?.C5c; con
fectlrners' A. :».40c; mold A. 4.70c: cutloaf,
."•.O.V; crushed. r».f&c: |->owdered. 4.Kic; granu
lated. 4.4.V; i-ubes. 4.7Cc.
COFFEE— Spot Rio. steady; No. 7 Invoice.
«Tic; mild. «'.•%<_¦: Cordova. « : ?4'f77'-ic. Futures
Hos*d 5Q15 ooints higher: sales. 6R.0OO bafr«.
Inf lulling: December. ri.C5ra5.7Cc; January, 5.S0
fi.VWc: February. 5.70c; March, f5t'«O5c; May,
6.SCCCS0C.
Nczv York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Nov. 2S.— The statement of
the Hearing-house banks of this city for the
five days of this we?k shows: Loans $880,-
M9.7Cf, decrease $K.TO4.t5O0: deposits $841,552,
00<>. decrease $5.7»1.400; circulation #46.036,500,
Increase $13.40t.i; legal tenders J64.272.0O0 In
creatc $1,481,200; *\*rl e $1.-)2.241.?ih». dacreaae
$712.7<Xl; ncerve $21(3,513,200 increase $76S,-
S0(i; reserve required I'.'lO.SSS.iyiO. iecreas* $1.
04"i.;1.1«: surplus $0,125,200, increase $2,213,830;
ex-United States deposits $15,327,«1'5. Increase
82£ltJ.0O0.
Associated Banks Statcinent.
WASHINGTON
TACOMA. Nov. 2S. — Wheat— Unchanged
Bluestem. SOc; Club. 7t>c.
PORTLAND. Nov. '_'«.— Wheat— Walla Wal
la. 72e; niueft«>m. 77c: Val!«»y. 7Cc.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
ST. LOUIS. Nov. 2R.— Wool, quiet: medium
grades, combing and clothes. 17@Jl%c; light,
fine, lrxffU'ic; heavy, fine, 12i5fl4%c; tub
washed, "20<S3Co.
57; Louis Wool Market
LONDON, Nov. 2S. — The offering at the
wool auction pales to-day were 11,024 bales.
There was a brisk demand for fine kinds at
steady prices. Low and inferior grades were
kIow. Moi»t ol the crossbreds offered were
taken by the home trade. American buyers
secured a few lots of superior. France and
Germany competed for ecoureds. A good sup
ply of fine conditioned new clip caused spirited
competition. Withdrawals were frequent.
London Wool Sales.
Eggs are lower, not because of any increase
In receipts, but because there Is a general feel
ing, common to both buyers and sellers, that
the production is likely to Increase from now
on, and as the Thanksgiving demand is now
over it Is advisable to keep as closely sold up
as |>osslble. Hence receivers are making con
cisions and buyers are taking advantage of
them.
Cheese remains as befcre, the market being
heavily eupplitd and weak.
Butter Is quiet and weak, with heavy stocks
of seconds, which have to compete with the
rr.ore popular cold storage goods. Even the
fine creameries are weak, with several house*
overloaded with stock.
Receipts were l«i,r>00 lbs Butter, 600 cases
Eggs <ui<J t:»CO lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamer}', 2!>®31e for extras and
24027c for seconds; dairy. 21@25c; store Butler,
lTHUTlUc; cold storage, 243'-tJc; Eastern. 230
25c per lb.
CHEESE — 12@12VAc for the general market,
13; fur select mild new and -11©11%c for
lower grades: Younc Americas. 13<<J14c; East
ern, 15%#lU%c; Western. 14@15c per lb.
EGGS — Ranch. SOgMo for choice and 45*5!
4Sc for small anU mixed colors; store, nom
inal; cold storage. 2SS^2%c; Eastern, 2'jfc-Sc
for cold storage.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
c Local bank clearings slightly behind last year.
Wall-street stocks steady and not materially change'.!
"Local stocks and bonds still quiet.
Siizrr and ExcJiangc shew no variation.
All Grain markets unchanged and featureless.
Jircn, Middlings and Tlay steady.
*Bcans generally dull and zeeak. Seeds very quiet.
Butter and Cheese depressed, and Eggs lonrr.
Dried Fruits and Raisins very dull.
"Provisions the same, here ant!- in the West.
Hops. Hides and IVool as prez'iously quoted.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs in ample supply.
Pofaioes. Onions and Vegetables still plentiful.
: Poultry firm and vccll cleaned up. Game higher.
iExGcttcrA local retail demand for Fresh Fruits.
Citrus Fruits quiet, dith ample supplies.
NEW TORK. Nov. 28.— Total imports of dry
goods and general merchandise at the port of
New York for the week ending to-day were
valued at $10.162.6f>2.
Imports of specie at New York for the week
were $7CS silver and $4,050,738 gold.
Exports of specie from this port for the week
were $601,602 silver and $55,000 gold.
Exports and Imports.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills is 4% per cent knd for three months
bills 404% per cent.
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
tons for money.. 89 ( N Y Central 121%
Do for acct.... SO INorfoJk & West.. 58Vi
Anaconda 3Vj) Do pfd 89
Atohlson 68% Ontario & West.. 21%
Do pfd 93 Pennsylvania 69%
Baltimore & O... 79 iRand Mines »*»
Canadian Pacific. 121 *A Reading 21
< hesapeake & O. 31% Do let pfd 30
• hi Great West.. 16 Do 2d pfd..>... 30
•"hi. Mil & St P.143'.i Southern Railway 20%
l*B«eni 20%| Do prd 80
i>envcr & Rio G.. 21 Pacific. 48
Do pfd 70 I Union Pacific .-. . 76%
— r 'e 28% Do pfd 88
.Do 1st pfd 6S?i U S Steel 11%
Do 2d pfd 5O Do pfd 53%
Illinois Central ..133% Do pfd.... 3B%
Louis & Nash 107% Wabaeh 20%
Mo, Kan & Tex.. 17%
Bar Fllver— Quiet, 26%d per ounce.
Money— 3%@4 per cent.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
NEW YORK, Nov. 2S.— Tho cotton market
opened firm et nn advance of CfflO points and
clcsed firm with prices fluctuating around the
opening figures. Middling. 11 %c.
Nciv York Cotton Market.
cases of dressed -Turkeys came in and met with
prompt sale at previous prices. - : , •
Trading in Game was active and as the re
ceipts came to hand in good condition all de
scriptions cleaned up quickly. Hare and all
kinds of Ducks were quoted higher. • -
POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys. 2«®2?c per lb;
live Turkeys, 20fl23c per lb; Geese, per pair.
#1 75@2: Uotf lings, $2@2 25; Ducks, *5®6 per
dozen for old and fti@7 for young; Hens. $50b
for .¦'mall and $B©7 for large young Roosters,
$5 SlXgtt 60; old Roosters, Jj©3 50; Fryers.
*5ti5 50: Broilers, (4 50® 5 for large and »4 60
64 for small; Pljreons. $1@1 25 per dozen for
uld and $2&2 25 for Sauabs.
GAME — Mallard Ducks, $3@4 50 per dozen:
Canvasback. $3fT«: Sprig. $3@3 50; Teal, J2®
2 50; Widgeon. $2Jf2 CO; small Ducks. $1 50;
Gray Geese, ft^i.t 50; White Geese, $l@l 50;
Brant. $1 50 for small and $2 50 for large;
Honkers, $5 for large and $4 for small; Eng
lish Snipe. $2 50; common Snipe, $1 50: Wild
Doves $1 25; Rabbits. $2 for Cottontails and
fl 25 for Brush; Hare, $1 60.
SL'GAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, as follows, per lb. In
100-lb bags: Cubes, A Crushed and
Fine Crushed. 5.t>5c: Powdered, 5.50c;
Candy Granulated, 5.50c; Dry Granu
lated, -fln«\ 6. »Uc; Dry Granulated, coarse.
5.40c; Rrult Granulated. -5.40c; Beet Granu
lated <100-Ib bags only). 5.20c; Confectioners'
A.* 5.40c: Magnolia A, Be; Extra C. 4.90c;
Golden C. 4. SOc: "D." 4.70c; barrels, loc more;
half barrels. 25c more; boxes. 5rtc more; 50
1b bags. 10c more for all kind*. Tablets — Half
barrels. 5.fl0e; boxes. 6.15c; II. & E- Crystal
l>omlr.os. 8.4Cc per lb. No orders taken for
les* than seventy-five barrels or its equivalent.
mond $7 50: Cumberland. $13 in bulk and
$14 -J5 In cacKs; Pennsylvania Antnraclts Egg,
$14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; W«Uh bump,
*U 50; Cannel, $$ 60 • per ton; Coke, $11 Su&
13 per ton in bulk and $15 in sacks; Kocky
Mountain descriptions, $11 45 per -wo lbs anil
912 80 per long ton, according to brand.
OIL— Llneeed. 48c for boiled and 47c for
raw in barrels: case*. 8c more; Castor OH, in
case*. No. 1. 70c; Bakers' AA. $1 lCkfll 12;
Lucol. 44c for boiled and 42c for raw In bar
rels; Lard Oil. extra winter strained, barrels.
85c; cases. 00c: China Nut. 55970c per gallon;
pun Neatsfoot. in barrels. 75c; cases. SOc;
s-'perm, puie, 75c; Whale Oil,, natural white,
50$55c per gallon: Fish Oil, In barrels, 50c;
cases, 55c; Cocoanut Oil. in barrels. 53c for
Ceylon and 55c for Australian.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal OU In bulk.
lSVic: Pearl Oil in cases, 22c: Astral. 22c;
Star, 22c: Extra Star. 26c; Elaine, 28c; Eocene.
2Sc; deodorized btove Gasoline, in bulk. 17c;
In cases, 23 He; Benzine, In bulk. 13c; in cases.
19Hc; 86-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 21c; in
caves. 27 %c.
TURPENTINE — 60c per gallon In case* and
74c in drums and Iron barrels. \
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 6%O
7c per lb; White Lead, 6V5§"c, according to
quantity.
RICE— China. No. 2. $4 35©4 45: No. I, $5 75
ff-5 00; extra No. 1. $6 25<fj*j 50; Hawaiian.
$5 25; Japan, $5 25&5 80; Louisiana, $4 30@
G 75.
Copper was quiet with lake quoted at ?12 50;
electrolytic. «12 25, and casting, $12. .
¦The tin market ruled quiet and firm, with
spot at. 125 78. ¦;"-: v
Lead was steady at $4 25. . •
Spelter was dull, with spot at (5 62>i.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 29. 1903.
The third car of Western Poultry for the cur
rent ¦ week was received. : but was not offered
for sale. . having arrived too late for the regu
lar trade. There was continued, firmness In
all descriptions of domestic stock and the mar-
Hct was practically bare- at the close.-- Seven
Poultry and Game.
NEW TORK, Nov. 28.— While there were go
laig« Halts of metal* reported to-day, an aver
age Saturday business was consummated' at
steady Drlces.
The Iron market showed a slightly. Improved
tone, althouzh prices were nominally, un
ihanred. -.-...-...
Nezu York Metal Market.
BAOS— Grain Bags.' 5«j3We; San Quentln.
5 05c; Wool Baflrs.32(835c; Fleece Twin-. 71%,,,.
So- Cotton Fruit B«K». 6Hc, 6"5io and 7»ic for
the three grades: Brown Jute. 6\iQl\ic
COAL — Wellington. $8. per - ton: New Wel
lington $8: Seattle, $6 60; Bryant. $A SO; Bea
v«r Hill. $5 50: Standard, $7; Roslyn. S7; Coos
Bar ¦ $5 CO;' Greta, ; $7; . Wallsenii,* $";• Rich-
• General Merchandise.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
43
AUCTION SALES
- OPENING OF ~
*>* THE SEASON »
A MAGNIFICENT LOT OF
THOROUGHBRED YEARLINGS
FROM THE
MENU) STOCK FARM
"W. O'B. MACDONOL'GH. Proprietor.
Consisting if »ons and daughters of Imp.
Brutus. St. Carlo Orslni. Magnet. Sam UM
! and Bright Phoebus, out of the m^res that h«v»
made this farm famous such as Imp. Mi«*
Brummel. Crold?n Lo k*. Spinach. Imp. C I9^».
Moonlit. Gold Lace. Hald*». Hertha. Lovelight.
etc. Also seven finely bred thoroughbreds fcy
Pecksniff from the
ALMENDRAL STOCK FARM.
and the stallions Don Gara by Rathbon*;
Bread Riot; besides Jerilderia Phroso and sev-
eral others. SaJe takes place'
MONDAY EVENING NOVEMBER 30. 10C3
Commencing at 7:45 Sharp.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
246 Third St. near Folsom.
WM. G. LAYNG. Auctione-r.
Send for Catalogue*. Horses on exa:blCon
: for three days prior to sale.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 29, 1903,
44
nEAt ESTATE^ITY— FOB BALJB.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.. 638 Market st.
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
TUESDAY, Dec 8, 1903, at 12 CClock Noon.
HAIGHT-ST. INVESTMENT.
N. line of Haight st, 166 ft. E. of Buchanan;
extremely large lot, 40x137:6 ft; Improvements,
elegant 3-story residence, 16 spacious rooms, 2
baths, driveway, excellent stable; rented per-
manently for $85 per month; this property will
be sold to close an estate.
HARRIET-ST. INVESTMENT.
V NE. line of Harriet st., SE. of Bryant near
Sixth (Nos. 323-323%); Improvements, 4 excel-
lent flats renting for $372 a year.
MISSION CORNER.
SW. corner cf Twentieth st. and Treat ave.;
magnificent building lot. 25x110 ft; level,
sewered, graded and ready for building.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT, j
E. line of Folsom ave., 250 ft. S, of Fblsom
st, between Seventh and Eighth INos. 23 to
25); 3 separate flats of 3 and 4 rooms; rent $31
per month.
POLK-ST. INVESTMENT.
E. line of Polk st.. S. of Birch ave., between
Fulton and Grove (No. 20S); 3-story building,
7 rooms and store below.
PARK PANHANDLE RESIDENCE.
N. line of Page 6t., between Lyon and Cen-
tral ave. (No. 1320); Improvements consist of
2-story building. 10 rooms and, bath, Including
billiard-room.
SCOTT-ST. BUILDING CORNER.
SW. corner of Scott and Greenwich sts.;
large parcel of land. »VS:0xl22:4 ft.
WESTERN ADDITION BUILDING CORNER.
NW. corner of Broderick and Union sts.; lot
44x103 ft.; flats erected on this magnificent
property would rent easily, bringing a hand-
some revenue.
CALIFORNIA-ST. RESIDENCE.
S. lino of California st.. 80 ft. of Fifth
ave.; lot 30x100 ft.; a beautiful 7-room resi-
dence, porcelain bath, tiled sinks, wood man-
tel, etc. (No. 4.103).
M1NNA-ST. FLATS.
S. line of Minna st. 165 ft. NE. of Eighth
(Nos. 653-53%); 2 substantial fiats of 3-4 rooms;
rent W2 per month.
EASTON, ELDRIDSE & CO..
638 Market st
$24,000 — Third st.; corner store and flats; im-
portant block; large area of ground; pays
more than bank interest with present Im-
provements. ,
$19,750 — Rents $1GO per month: magnificent new
flats; O'Karrell Bt., near Van Ness ave.;
S rooms and bath each; sacrifice.
$15,000 — Geary st.,- near Laguna; 50x137:6;
residence, 0 roome and bath; no reason-
able offer refused.
$12,500— Howard St.. near Fifth; new building,
store and 2 flats, rents very low at $75
per month: Howard st. values will dou-
ble In less than a year.
$10,250 — Pine St., near Buchanan; 3 up-to-date
. fiats, G-7 rooms; rented very low at $01
per month.
$9,250 — Four new flats in Mission warm belt;
modern architecture; electricity and gas;
wood mantels, gas grates, etc. ; rented to
first-class tenants for $92 50 per month.
$8,000 — Mission flats; Thirteenth St., near
Scott; rents $02 50 per month; modern.
$0,000 — Business corner: Guerrero St.; grocery
and fiats of 5 rooms and bath; rents $50;
could easily be Increased.
$5,5CO — Ashbury Heights residence; 8 rooms
and bath; commands beautiful view;
modern in every respect
$5,150 — Tehama st. : 3 flats; first-class condi-
tion: rents $53 50 per month; large lot,
37x80; this is a positive sacrifice.
$5,000 — Residence. Waller st, opposite Duboce
Park, near Scott; 7 rooms and bath;
high basement; brick foundation; lot 25:9
xl37:C.
$4,250— Two flats en Ehotwell et.: 30x122:6
foot lot; green lawn, palm trees and pro-
fusion of flowers; rented permanently for
$40 r>er month.
$3,250 — Modern cottage in the most desirable
neighborhood of the Mission; almost
new; 5 rooms and bath.
?2,800 — Flats on Folsom ave. ; 3-4 rooms; rent-
Ing permanently for $31 per month.
52.S0O— Western Addition cottage: 4 rooms:
rented for $14 per month; lot alone worth
money.
$1.250— North line of Eighteenth st, near Dia-
mond; bitumlnized street; cars pass
door; a bargain.
For further particulars address
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
C3S Market st.
MADISON & BURKE. ~ ~
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
ESTABLISHED JANUARY, 1858.
30 Montgomery st Opposite Lick House
$19,000 — Devleadero st.; store and flats; lot SOx
E2:6; new buildine; rent $150.
$34,000 — Fine business corner ¦ on Devisadero
6t.; rent J240O per annum and tenants
make all repairs and pay water extra;
lot 50x100 feet.
$12,000 — Post st.; two large, well constructed
houses; very lartre lot.
Fillmore et., comer of Geary; 1S5 feet on
Geary and 137 :C fett on Fillmore; the
larrest and finest corner on the market
on any business street; $40,000; call for
particulars.
Jackson st.. 50-vara lot, corner Lyon; an ele-
gant, sightly building location; com-
mands crand. unobstructed view and
b©Bt neighborhood In city; only $30,000.
FINE LOCATION FOR PHYSICIAN.
$11.000 — Sutter Ft., near a transfer corner: 10,-
room residence In flne condition; large
lot. 27:6x137:0 feet.
¦ $8,000 — To close an estate; Dolores st, near
Sixteenth: 3 houses: rents $60; large lot;
must sell immediately; call for particu-
lars.
LOTS-
$10,800— Jackson st; 50-vara lot in tlia Pre-
sidio Heights district
$4,200— Steiner st. near O'Farrell; 25x109:9.
$2,500— Lots on Larkln st, near Broadway;
$100 per foot.
$1,250— Fine lot on north line of Lake st,
near 10th ave.
Choice residence lots on Sutter, Post and
Steiner sts.. In sUes to suit
Building lots, NE. corner Golden Gate ave. and
Baker st. In sizes to suit; prices from
$2000 upward.
$1,250 — Fine building lot on Douglass st, near
17th; lies level to grade.
$1.500— Snap: NE. corner Sanchez and Valley
sts.; 20:6x100.
MADISON & BURKE.
30 Montgomery St.. opp. Lick House.
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE COMPANY.
513 CALIFORNIA ST.
LARGE DEVISADERO-ST. BUILDING LOT.
$20,000 — 130x137:6, Devlsadero, near Wash-
ington, with old improvements; must be sold
at once to close an estate.
HOME IN SUNNY MISSION BELT.
i $5250 — o"x'.»0 to rear street; San Jose ave.,
near 25th; & rooms and bath; in the warm belt
SUTTER-ST. APARTMENT SITE.
$20,000 — 35x120; Sutter st, near Larkin, run-
ning through to Fern ave.; in the best retail
locality of tho Western Addition; $100,000
apartment-house in course of construction ad-
joining.
ELLIS-ST. FLATS.
$18,500—25x137:6; 3 new flats, Ellis st, near
Franklin, containing 0, 10 and 11 rooms; rent
$145.
CORNER POLK AND LOMBARD STS,
IUOO0 — 60x68:0; old Improvements; renting
for $30 per month; rapidly growing locality.
COR. JACKSON ST. AND CENTRAL AVE.
$16,000—81:2x127:8%; unobstructable marine
view. '
UNION-ST. BUILDING LOT.
$5200 — 41:0x125; Union st, near Van Ness
ave.
COR. OF ASHBURY AND FREDERICK STS
$10,000—61:0x110; northwest corner Ashbury
and Frederick sts.; flne site for residence or
flats. ,¦..¦:,
RAUSCH-ST. INCOME PROPERTY
$6000— Rausch st, near Folsom. runninr
through to Clementina; improvement* consist
of flats renting for $72 per month.
PINE-ST. FLATS.
$0000— Pine st. near Van Ness a—..; 3 flats
and a cottage in good condition; renting for
$43 per month. :';v ..
MODERN BAY- WINE >OW FLATS.
$4500 — Laguna St., near Union; 2 modern
bay-window flats; rents $34.
MISSION HOME. -
$4500—30x122:6; Capp st. near 13th; 2-story
bay-window residence of 7 rooms I and bath,
renting for S35 per month.
$5000 — WALLER et: elegant res.; 8 ran.; bath
$3700 — 23d st; 2 fiats; 4 and 6 rooms; bath*
$2600 — 2 flats; 4 rooms and bath; lot 25x125*
$2600— 23d st,'' near Dolores; 5 rooms; bath.
$400— Lot 75x100.
$200— Lot 25x150.
Pine st — House of 10 rooms; bath. -
N.E. corner 19th and Dolores; lot 120x126
Dolores st..' bet. 23d and 24th — 2 flats; lot
28x117 to rear street.
Tehama st. — Lot 25x76; Improved; rents $40
month; cheap.
Tehama st. — Lot 25x160 through to Clemen-
tina nt: snac
2 flats. 14 rooms, baths, carriage house, barn:
lot 45x122: $6000; Harrison st. ,
Berkeley and Hearst ave.; lot 60x250; bargain.
PATTERSON. 11 City Hall Square.
A— KREDO & CO.. 765 MARKET ST.
A FEW CHOICB PROPERTIES.
$1600 — Steiner st; 7-room residence. ¦-
$0000 — Corner store and flat; worth $8000.
fCSOO — Comer store and flat; rents $65.
$2000 — 2 4-room cottages; lot 60x100.
$2250 — 5-room cottage; 2 lots; Bernal Heights
$4300 — 4 lots; large new building; 3 flats.
$C0O— 2 lots, easily worth $1000. •
MANY OTHER BARGAINS. KREDO ft CO. )
THEi^^CXtiL
JOSS P. SFKECTOB^g. Proprietor.
ictus ccmsmiicaiiEis to 10HS KcSAD&HT,Kisaggr
W. J. MARTIN Business Manager.
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Oon-
Dect You With the Department You Wish.
Publication Office.... Market and B. T.
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 atevenson st
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Cts. Per Week, TB
Cts. Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Terms by Mall. Including Postage (Cash Wit*
DAILY CALL <lnclud. Sunday). 1 year.. $8. 00
DAILT CALL (Includ. Sunday). 6 mos.. 4^09
DAILY CALL— By Single Month 75c
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Year J-JjJ
WEEKLY CAM- 1 Year "-ll 00
xrr^Ttr-ir-v f Dally. ..$S. 80 Per Year Extra
">^ \ Eundav.. 4.15 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. \ weekly.. 1-00 Per Year Extra
AIM POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Cample Cosies will b* forwarded w&ea rw
QBMtted.
Mali subscribers in ccderinr «**=*• °£J&
«r»ss should b« partietJkr to rive both NE w
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to [****• »
proirpt and correct compliance witn u>eir r»-
«uest
BERKELEY OFFICE: _ „
tltS Center Street Telephone Nona it.
WASHINGTON "CORRESPONDENT:
MORTON E. CRANE. . r^*** ° Street. N. W.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf - Astoria Hotel; A.
Union Bauare; Murray Hill Hotel: Flftn-ava-
cue Eotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NICWS STANDS:
Sherman House: P. O. News Co.. <£*¦*
Northern Hotel: Trwnont Houst: Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATTVp:
C GEORGE KROGNESS . . -M*^ u !?l*S™i7\ C '
(Long Instance Telephone. "Central 2619. )
BUSINESS OFFICE of' ****** J[?? < SEZ
Call, comer Market ami Th «* streets, opea
cntU 12 o'clock *very nlrbt ««J »• ****•
BRANCH OFFICES:
C27 Montgomery istreet. corner Clay; op«tt «»-
|W U Haj-es P rSset; open until 8:30 p. m.
CW McAllister street: opea until 9:30 p. m.
«5 Larkin street: open until 9:30 p. m.
1M1 Mission street: open until 10 It m.
S2C1 Market street, corner Sixteenth, ©pen
until 0 p. m. _i •"_'"_
I0« Eleventh street: open until 8 P. m-
10»6 Valencia street; opea until 9 p. m.
Northeast ccrner Church and Duncan streets.
NorThweVr^erof Twenty - second «*
Kentucky streets: open until 0 p. m.
«2f,n nnTrorv riT+~t: op»n until » P- m.
HEAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SAUB.
OH- UMBSEN & CO.. 20 MONTGOMERY ST
¦ ' Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
t~5 000^-Good site for an spartment house; j
Hy<?* *t ; 50x120; 2 houses of 10 rooms
and bath each; rent for $100 per month;
' Improvements of little value.
$15.000 — $C7 50 rent r>er month, which is low; ,
Third «., close to Folsom; 2 stores and j
flat; a splendid holding to Improve.
$11,500— Rencs low at *S0 per month: comer]
close to Branr.an and Third sts.: lm- j
j . pr'vemcnts consift of store, flats and 1
* buildings; large lot. 35x160; 3 frontages. ;
$,10,000 — Jin elegant eunny home; new modern ,
£ residence of 10 rooms and bath, facing on .
Hark; large lot; make offer.
$8,750— Rents *S3 per month: Poet St.; 3 new ,
•njodem flats of 5 rooms and bath each; j
lot c 21 j;1C7 :6.
$2,400 — Pierce ft., close in: 6-room cottage in
goofi Tder; lot 25x137:0. j
¦j * ° • zmz I
« • . j
For further particulars of the above and for 1
the Real Estate Record containing a list of t
properties for sale in all parts of the city. In- !
quire at our offlce.
G. H. DMCSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery St..
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
DESIRABLE «unny building lots, close to Du-
boce Park: hituminired streets; lots level and
ready t£ build on: a rare chance to obtain a j
holding admirably situated and close to the '
;city at a- very re*onable figure; diagram. Prl^e j
and rII cartlculars at our efflce. G. H. j
l'MBS£N & CO.. 20 Montgomery «.. Real I
Estate Agent* and Auctioneers.
R. D. CRANSTON* & SONS. :
114 MONTGOMERY ST. — 114 j
HEAL ESTATE AND INSURANCE BROKERS :
Before buyinp. call or tend for one of our j
r.ew catalogues of chole* properties for eale j
In all fjparts of the city. j
$2300 — A very choice level lot on Ashbury st.,
near Pape; all street work done; right be- 1
tween two car lines.
$7500-^- Pays t liVTti a year, or over 14 per cent '
on investment; always fented; building .
c in pood condition on a large corner let j
'37:6x137:6 with an L. :
$7500 — Offer wanted; an attractive, eub'star.tlal j
an<! thoroughly modern house of 10 rooms •
aod bath on Scott et., facing Duboce I
, Park; lot 25x120.
$2600— If you are l<x>king for a lot. don't fail i
" c to see this splendid key lot 25x125, over-
• c , looking Golden Gate Park on the north
side cf Grove Et.. east of Etanyan.
$2100 — Another bargain In a cheap building lot,
25x100. on Waller st.. near Masonle ave.
JTSOO^—Two frontaees. residence and two flats I
,.* renting for $7R<5 a year; lot 27:0x120. on j
Fell et.. near Buchanan, running through j
• to Hickory ave. J
$9000 — Beautiful hcmi» of 9 large sunny rooms I
t on A*hbury et.. near Waller; parlors, halls
0 < and d'.nlng-room finished in hardwood.
e This house is tasty, modern and up to
date from top to bottom.
FOR? SALE BY " ~~~
JULIEN SMITH.
Real Estate Agent. 420 Montgomery et
•NORTHWEST CORNER.
o t Lot 42:0x73:6— $8000.
Near Dwlsadero end California ats.; level
block; Ftxooth street; prettiest, sunny corner on
the market; can sell 82:6x120 if desired. ;
HOWARD STREET. !
,Lot 50x9C^ north side, near 7th; rents $102 50; ;
price $1*3,000: one block from new Postofflce;
reasonable offer entertained; 2 stores, lodging-
house and Cat. This Is a growing, down town
Investment
CriLIFORNIA STREET.
Near Devisadero *t. ; 2 excellent pieces of
business^ property; lots each 27:6. full depth; I
fralr Income: 2 houses on each lot; price $0500; i
growing Investments; large stares now, others
building. 0 c
TEHAMA STREET.
Near First: large lot; 2 houses; rents $23;
price cow $4000; a good, safe investment; of-
fer wanted.
c ANOTHER— ALSO.
Two flats; lot 25x75; rents 424 60; price
$3000; makes oCer.
B. GETZ, Room 22, Chronlcl* Bldg.
OWNER AND DEALER.
$60 to $500— Ocean Heights and Oceaa Boule-
vard lots!!!
$300 to $500— Nlneteenth-av*. Boulevard lots 1 !'
Graded and level, ready to build on. *
$350 to $1200— Choice Eunset aad Richmond
lots!!!
$150 up — Excelsior Homestead — warm belt of
the Mission. Level lots, ready to build on
good car service.
All lots sold on easy monthly payment* from
siOOo'to $5000— New cottages aad bouses on
easy installments.
NO TROUBLE TO* SHOW MY PROPERTIES.
CaU at my office, room 22, second floor.
CHRONICLE BUILDING.
HAWKS & SKELTON.
Rests Collected aod Entir* Charge Takea of
Property.
*1«,000— N. lino Page, near Buchanan; partly
Improved; will ray to butld flats on
$5,500— Seventh St.. near Folsoaa; lot 25xS0-
fiats rent $30. '
$20.000— The finest view of the bay in this city
convenient for cars and teams- view
assured forever; SW. corner Larkln and
Francisco: 137x137.
$7,200— Marine view let: Hyd* st, near Chest-
nut; 36:8x110; very flne view assured-
new buildings en each side of it
$5,000— Lot on BW. corner Larkin and Lom-
bard sts.: 25x105; magnificent marine
view from wery window.
$4.500 — SE. corner Larkln and Greenwich. SOx
C2:6; elegant view of Golden Gate aad
fcsy.
$3,000— Lot. Franklin st. near Filbert; 63x
100; street sewered. '
$4.000— Lot. Greenwich st. between Van Ness
ave. and Franklin st; 66:8xl27:C; will
divide it.
HAWKS & EKELTON. 323 Montgomery at.
WE can build you a bouse cheaper than any
builder in town because we have bought a
lot of lumber at half price; plans free.
Searchlight Investment Co.. 436 Parrott
building.
FOR sale — As a whole or la subdivisions; 50-
vara lot south line Union st. 137:0 feet east
of Pierce; lot northeast corner Green and
pierce sts.; lot 103:0x137:6 feet Inquire of
CHARLEJ* C. BEMIS, Real Estate Broker,
221- Saasom* st
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL 'ESTATE.
SPECIAL BARGAINS— EASY PAYMENTS.
S1C00 buys beautiful jot 60x150, near trilae
and schools.
$1500 buys S-room cottage; modern; very <•»,.
sirable.
$2000 buys 6-room cottage; lot 40x130; n sa*
Clinton ave.
$2500 buys beautiful 5-room colonial oom«t
Baa Jo«e nvo.
$2500 buys modern 6-rooai cottage; lot BOx
159; a barcaln.
$3000 buys 8-room cottage: San Antonio av*.;
a snap.
$3500 buys elegant 7-room colonial house;
very convenient
$4250 buys colonial 8-room house; all codem
Improvements.
$5000 buys one of the most modern 8-room
colonial houses la Alameda; new; flaa corner
lot; beautiful location.
$6500 buys choice corner lot 60x150. together
witn large 10-room house, la the center of city.
ert£s for* 23:^ ririST OF OUR PROP -
HoKSp° PPORTCNITr TO GET A
CHANGED Bl -' ILT - RENTED AND KX-
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
~ , w ~ 1300 PA RK ST..
Telephone Grand 1461. Alamed*.
A HOME FOR EVERYBODY ,.
. * - 0'
$1000— 6-room l&-story cottage; lot 23x101;
termsL
$1000 — B-room 1-story cottage- lot 26x100;
tsrms.
$1400 — S-room 1-story sottag*! lot 2fl_100t
terms.
$1750— 5-room 1-story cottage; lot 28x125 • %£.
cash.
$2150 — 7-room 1-story oottage; lot 54x150* $500
cash.
$2150— S-room 1-story cottage; lot 43x113- %i
cash. *
$2300 — 6-room 1-story cottage; lot 50x150; Xj
caeh.
$3100— 7-room 1-story cottage; lot 5°_tM; «
cash.
Two nice water-front cottages on Central
ave.. near station; bargains; large list of realty.
Apply toA.lt. DENKE. 1*00 Webstar st.
$20,000— BUSINESS property for sale in Oak-
land; 44 rooms; lot 50x100; now leased for 5
years at $150 per month; good security; also
in Alameda. a brand new 8-room house; up
to date. CHARLES ADAMS & CO.. Bay
Station. Alameda; phone 1811.
HOUSE FOR SALE.
A good house of 11 rooms, with all modem
conveniences; lot 50x150; between Grand and
Chestnut sts. stations; price $4000. J. S.
HANLEY. 1310 Park St.. real estate.
FOR sale — Business property in Oak't.id: good
Investment: 9 per cent net on money invest-
ed; also In Alameda a brand new 8-room
house: ud to date. CHAS. ADAM3 A CO..
Bay Station. AIamed?t: phone Paru 1811.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
DKRKELEY REAL ESTATE.
ALLEN & ELLIS SPECIALS.
$1,200 — 6 rooms; finished street: near Ashby.
$1.450^ — 1 rooms; nice; lot 40x1.15; easy terms.
$1,750^ — 5 rooms; g.od location; near Berryman.
$1!,300 — 5 rooms; new; close in.
$2,C50— 15 rooms; new; 2 stories; near univer-
sity.
$4,00G — 8 rooms; modern: very nice; fin* loca-
tion; east of Shattuck.
INVESTMENTS.
$2,65C — 6-room house; nice condition; yearly
Income $2t>0.
$5.000 — 10-room house: nice condition; close
In: yearly income $>500.
$6,000 — 12-room house; choice location: near
In; yearly income $720.
$7,500 — Handsome 1^-room house: furnished;
close In; yearly Income $900.
$10,000 — 20-room rooming- house; nice condition;
•yearly income $12Cu
$1(5,000— Stores and flats; central businesa prop-
erty; yearly Income $1400.
ALLEN & ELLIS. Berkeley. Cal.
$450 — NEAR TELEGRAPH AVE.
A full sized lot: will be worth $1000;
Improvements going up all around it;
you cannot help making money: a
splendid New Year's gift for that boy of
yours. -
Only one left: I have built ten houses In the
nciehborhood; 9 have been sold and 9
families have been made happy: don't
' you war.t to Join the happy throng?
Just look at this; 7 rooms (4 bedrooms),
connected with gas and electric 'Ight,
combination fixtures, window shades, ce-
ment walla, street work done, and only
one block from Key I tout-! station; closa
to churches, schools, etc.. and only
$3500.
$10,000— A gentleman's homo; splendid house
of 16 rooms, 3' 3 acres of land.) Bear the
new country club; a bargain.
JOS. J. MASON. Real Estate.
EE. cor. Shattuck ave. and Center tt.
BERKELEY BARGAIN3. ""
$SCO— Several fine lots on Fulton st: Just
placed on the market; street folly Im-
proved; good investment: terms if desired.
W. J. MORTIMER & CO.. Berkeley.
$750— FINE lot on Milvia st; 60x133; a snap.
W. J. MORTIMER & CO.
£1250 — A SPECIAL good buy la the Wheeler
Tract; view unexcelled In Alameda County;
terms. W. J. .MORTIMER & CO.
$3S50 — NOBBY new house of 8 rooms, bath:
patent plumbing; electric lights; street work
done; lot 40x133; street fully improved. W.
J. MORTIMER & CO.
$9000 — WELL-BUILT fraternity house of 18
rooms; corner lot; best section: now rented
under long lease: $85 per month net. W. J.
MORTIMER & CO.. 2123 Center. Berkeley.
$2750 — NEW. modern 5-r. cottage; lot 40x135;
one block from North Berkeley station.
$60<K> — 3.S4 acres on Claremont ave.; choice lo»
cation for flno home.
$1200 — One acre; near new Santa J*» depot(
Addison st.
$1500 — 104 feet on Grove »t-. near Parker; this
price for limited time: three, factory sites
on railroad. West Berkeley, for sale.
$4000—40 lots. West Berkeley, on R. R.; best
business block in North Berkeley; now
rented and paying 8 per cent oa asking
price.
$4500— 7-r. house: Carlton st; lot 200x270.
Larg« list of houses 'and lots for sala.
CHENEY & BERRY.
Postofflce Block. Berkeley.
ALL GOOD BUYS.
$1000— Neat 4-room house, high basement;
large lot- gas; all conveniences; 00 mala
street: handy to cars; $500 cash, balance
$15 per month. ¦ ,'- • -:•_
$2100 Very pretty, substantial B-roora hotisei.
high basement: street work complete: ce-
ment walks; south front; handsome gar-
den and lawn: 3 minutes* walk from trala
and cirs; $500 cash, balance $20 per
me nth.
««3(H) Fine, large. 7-room house, almost new;
all conveniences: swell location: street
work complete; cement walks; lot 50x143;
can be bought on terms.
W. C. MORAN. Lorin station.
Or C. C. EMSLIE. Ashby station.
BARGAIN^— Why pay rent when you can boy
this beautiful new 5-room cottage, bath, pan-
try, folding-doors, large closets. 2 bay-win-
dows high basement, patent closet, gas ana
electric light fixtures, shades, pretty manteL
stationary tubs; street work and «1.1ewa!k all
done; large lot *11 fenced: price $2500: terms.
$130 cash, balance $20 monthly. Open Sua-
days. O. A. RUDOLPH. Lorin station.
STOP paying rent; snap; 6 rooms, bath, man-
tel, pantry, city water: street work done;
large lot: price $1900: terms, small cash pay-
ment, balance same as rent: close to station.
Open Sundays. O. A. RUDOLPH. Lortn.
$2t;00— MODERN 2-story house. 6 rooms and
bath; hall, pantry, gas. porcelain plumbinsr.
etc.; lot 40x135; fine neighborhood; $~00 cash,
balance like rent. H. D. IRWIN. Lortn sta-
tion^ _________^___^__
$2500— ELEGANT new cottajre. 5 rooms, large
hall, bath, basement etc.: tinted wall; porce-
lain plumbing: electric lights: fenced ; corner
lot: street work done: close to _both ferry
trains; easy terms. H. D. IRWIN. Lorfa
station. ;
LAWTON & ALBEE, real estate, have for sale
Berkeley homes, residence and business lots
at lowest prices; choice investment property,
paying 6 per cent to 10 per cent net; refer to
either bank in Berkeley. 2139 Center st
$2500— NEW house of 5 rooms; lot 40x100-
street work all done: near station. LITTLS
& WOOLSEY. 2110 Shattuck ave.. Berkeley.
cai. ; ,'
j^ SNAP 7-room house with barn: street wort
and sidewalks conmlete: lot 37:6x135; $.T20«:
worth $40CO; clore to both ferry system*.
JUSTER & BAIRP. 2137 Shattucb ave.
IF you want a neat modern home In beautiml
Berkeley for $1CO or $200 cash and balnea
small monthly paym-nta. call or write
FRANCI3 FERRIER. REAL ESTATE.
2121 Shattuck ave.. odd. BERKELEY sts.
FOUR blocks of ground in Berkeley. Cal.. for
$20,000: this is the amount of Indebtedness on
the property: a good investment and la a lec-
tlon of growing values. Inquire of W. N.
; RUSSELL. 301 California St.. Saa Francsao,
Cal.
A WEEK'S news for 5 c«nt» — The Weekly Call,
J 18 pages, la wrapper, for malllnr, $1 per fear.
REAL^ ESTATE— -CITY — f OTt SAllB ;
BURNHAM & MARSH CO.. •¦ __
211 MONTGOMERY BT.
BUSH-ST L INVESTMENT.
$32,600— Rent $223 60 a month; large lot. 66x
117; near Leayenworth st. \
.SNAP ON O'FARRELL ST.
F«t becoming business property.
$29,000— Right in town; level block; rood
building; pays almost 8 per cent net
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
$23.000— Splendid location, but 4 blocks from
Van Ness ave.; double modern residence
of 14 rooms and bath each; hardwood
finish; billiard-room; electric lights and
fine marine view; large lot. 50x137:6.
THE FUTURE MARKET ST.
$15,000 — Corner Valencia and Fifteenth sts.j
adjoins brick building; but one block
from new theater; lot 40x137:6.
CHOICE FLATS.
$14,000— Rent $116 a month; a 60-foot lot with
3 buildings of 2 flats each; fine cement
cellars; built by day's work; low rents;
O. choice Western Addition location.
PARK FLATS.
$14,000— Rent $116 a month: beautiful new
modern and up to date; 1 block from
Golden Gate Park; very sunny.
BUSINESS GROCERY CORNER.
$12,000— Rent $S3; old-established grocery cor-
ner; rented" low; a steady paying la-
vestment .-
150 FEET FROM MARKET ST.
$10,000«-Pays $57 50 a month: has great fu-
ture; easily worth $20,000 In next five
years; pays now more than bank lnt
A GOOD BUY^
$7,600 — Rent $66 a month; Harrison st. only
77 feet from Third: -2-story building of
4 flats; good building; brick foundation;
separate entrances.
ELEGANT NEW FLATS.
$6,500 — Rent $55; up to date flats on College
Heights; panoramic view of Golden
Gate Park and surrounding hills; easy
' terms if desired; same as paying rent
ANOTHER BARGAIN.
$5,500 — Rent $47 50 a month; new flats but 1
block from Golden Gate ave.; building
could not be duplicated for less money.
CHANCE FOR A HOME.
$4,600 — Best part of,. Mission warm belt;
Twenty-first st, [ near Guerrero; resi-
dence of 7 rooms and bath; would rent
for $40 a month.
MAKE A QUICK TURN.
$4,300— Rent $32 a month; between Third and
Fourth sts.. backing up to 60-foot lot
on Howard st.
$3,250 — Pays $30 a month; store and flat on
Eleventh st.
$250 SECURES A HOME.
$3,000— $25 a month and $250 cash; 2-story
cottage of 6 rooms and bath and 2
wood mantels; north of Market «t. and
but 15 minutes' ride from Kearny st. ;
very sunny; fine view of city and bay.
BURNHAM & MARSH CO.,
211 Montgomery st
SPECK & CO..
¦ 6C7 Market St.. opp. Kearny.
Real Estate Agents and Rent Collectors.
Full Charge Taken of Property.
SELECTED INVESTMENTS.
FOURTH-ST. TRANSFER CORNER.
$60,000— Main corner; 75x100 feet; stores and
apartments above; r>ayu 6 per cent net;
very safe investment to hold.
WESTERN ADDITION CORNER.
$50,000 — 12 new up-to-date flats; modern in
every respect; pays 15 per cent net by
assuming bank mortgage of $25,000 at
6% per cent interest; lot 87:CxS4 feet;
6 blocks from new City Hall.
NORTHWEST CORNER.
$50,CCO— 137:0x137:0; substantial Improvements;
insured for $20,000; mortgage of $30,000
at 5Vi Per cent can remain; pays 8 per
cent net.
LARKIN-ST. BUSINESS CORNER.
$50,000 — 87 feet frontage; stores and lodging-
house; pays 6 per cent net; offer of
$47,000 refused; euch downtown corners
are scarce.
SECOND-ST. CORNER.
$48,000— One and a half blocks from Market
St.: 47 feet front: cheapest; downtown
corner to be had near Market st. : a
chance to make a turn at good advance.
TEN YEARS' SECURED LEASE.
$47,500 — Corner; stores and apartment house;
60 rooms; 5-story building; 10 years' se-
cured lease; 1 tenant; $4400 annual
rents: will consider Dart exchange city
property; mortgage $20,000; pays over 8
per cent net.
CHANCE FOR SPECULATORS.
$45.000 — Lot 82x275; 2 frontages; 106 rooms;
rents $350; 1 tenant; can be easily leased
at $400.
POLK-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$22,000 — Stores and lodging-house; rents $165;
lot 30 feet frontage; pays over 9 per
cent net.
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
$16,500 — O'Farrell st.. east of Van Ness ave.;
rays 10 per cent net by assuming $9000
bank mortgage; rents $115; lot 27:6x120;
two frontages.
I BIG INTEREST PAYING FLATS.
$19,000 — Annual rents. $2185: Golden Gat«
Park; modern bay-window flats; lot 50x
137:6 feet.
$15,900— Annual rents $.1710: Webster st; 4
new flats; select location.
$11,500— Annual rents $1328: substantial 3-
story building: lot 50x80 feet; vicinity
of Second and Howard pts.
$10,000—2 beautiful Post-st. flats; close to
Gough st.; 30 feet frontage; always rent-
ed: yearly rents $90O.
$6,500— Yearly rents $024; Rltch st; lot -42x
75 feet; pays 14 per cent.
$5,000— Yearly rents $824; 2-story building
and stable for 6 horses.
$4,6CO — 2 Sutter-st flats: 5 and 6 rooms; lot
25x137:6 feet: a good buy.
$3,250 — Yearly income $420; flats near Third
and Bryant sts.; lot 25x75 feet.
SPECK & CO..
667 Market st ¦
LYON & IIOAG,
116 MONTGOMERY ST.
Send for our printed list of property for sale
In all sections of the city.
BIG LOT ON PINE ST.
$30.000— Pine st, east of Leavenworth: lot
75x137:6, with substantial residence contain-
ing 17 rooms. 2 baths; koo<1 location for flats
or apartment house; will sell house with lot;
35 feet front
ANOTHER BARGAIN IN FLATS.
$5000— Maybe less; Treat ave., near Twenty-
third at; 2 Al flats of 0 and 7 large sunny
rooms In excellent condition; rented low at
$36; lot 20x100.
A MISSION INVESTMENT.
$3500— Clipper st, 1 block from Castro;. 2
flats of 4 and 5 rooms and porcelain bath; open
plumbing: brick foundation; In fine shape;
rented for $27; stable for 10 horses; lot 25x114;
make offers.
GOOD BUSINESS PROPERTY. 1
$13,500 — Near the corner of Gough and Mc-
Allister sts.: 3-story building, containing stores
and flats above; large frontage; plenty of sun
and light; rents $125.
GREAT BIG INTEREST.
(4500 — Rents $52: store and flats: near the
corner of Cth and Folsom sts.: good' building;
brick, foundation: new plumbing; always rent-
"ed- can't be beat as a good substantial Inter-
e8 V Pay % P F^R r ECL0SUR B SALE,
$2200— $400 cash; balance easy monthly in-
stallments; Valley st.. near Sanchez; 2 flats; 6
rooms and bath each; rent $16; must be sold
° nC b'FARRELL-ST. RESIDENCE. \ '¦;"-¦'¦'
$5000 — O'Farrell st, near Buchanan; lot 25x
P0 with a good 2-story house of 8 rooms and
bath; rent $40; a good investment; land alone
worth nearly the price asked.
$77M) — Near Folsom and Ninth sts.: 4 brand
new flats of 4 and D rooms and bath; every-
thing modem; large lot, 35xP5: rents $76.
' MUST BE SOLD.
¦ $1260 — Fine key lot near Seventh ave. and H
st: 25x110; easy terms.
$5500— Nlnth-st. ¦ corner, near Bryant; food
prospective value; 50x100.
Call for our comnlete printed list of prop-
erty for sale in all sections of the city.
LYON & HOAG. 116 Mongomery st
BANK foreclosure property — Ten.' flats on Bry-
ant st, paya 13% per cent on Investment:
$8500; building almost new; modern.
Lobos st. Ocean View; 4-room cottage-;
lot 50x125; $1000, $100 cash, balance $10 80
p*er month. ..
Lobos st. Ocean View, 4-room cottage;
lot 25x125; $900. $100 cash, balance $9 60 per
month. W. N. RUSSELL.
301 California st. San Francisco. Cal.
COTTAGE with modem Improvements; terms
same as paying rent Owner lumber yard,
BE. corner Alabama and Mont calm sts
POINT RICHMOND LOTS.
BUY NOW IN THE SANTA FE TRACT
. $5 PER MONTH. LOTS ALL LEVEL.
BITUMEN SIDEWALKS. _
STREETS GRADED.
COMINO MANUFACTURING CITY OF THE
COAST
McEWEN BROS. 118 MONTGOMERY ST
SOLE AGENTS. °*-
EXTRAORDINARY CHEAP!!!
ELEGANT NEW MODERN COTTAGE. 4
ROOMS AND BATH. AAAUIlj ' *
EXCELSIOR HOMESTEAD, WARM BELT.
NEAR CAR LINE. VERY EASY TERMS.
MUST SELL. FOR PARTICULARS AT
B. GETZ. ROOM 22. CHRONICLE BLDO.
JOSEPH STRAUB, 630 Market st.
$2100— Cor. Twenty-flfth and Wisconsin sts.:
new cottage of 4 rooms, bath and basement;
good location for grocery; $300 down, $15 month
$1750— Fine new cottage of 4 rooms, bath and
basement: $300 down, $15 a month; Wisconsin
Bt., near Twenty-flfth.
JUST opened a new tract of splendid lots in
the best part of Berkeley; terms very attrac-
tive; call or ' send for map and particulars.
8. F. and S. Home Building Society, 703
Market st, San Francisco.
REAL ESTATE— -CITY — FOR SALE.
NELSON. JOHNSON &,,CO..
205 Montgomery St, Opp. Mills Bulldlnr.
$9.250-Rents $1110: all rented; 35 ft front-
age; 4 new up-to-date Mission flats;
every conceivable modern improvement;
main car line;, bitumlnlzed street;
choicest coition of Mlssioa warm belt;
$C0OO mortgage at 6 per cent-
$11.000— Rents $1500: never idle; 45 ft front-
age- 12 well-built flats: perfect condi-
tion; pays over 12 per cent after taxea,
insurance and water paid.
$7.700— Rents $912; SG ft. frontag e; 4 new
up-to-date bay-windowed flats; 4 and 5
rooms; basements; small street south of
__r____r£i
$7.350-Rents $882; 50 ft frontage: « attrac-
tive, well-built flats of 4 and 6 rooms;
perfect condition; never idle: few feet
$27.000— Right downtown: 65x120; 2 frontages;
the only lot of Its size In the heart of
the downtown apartment house section.
$7.600— Key lot; 25x100; Golden Gate ave,:
choicest block; 2 elegant modern, sunny
flats of 6 and 7 rooms and bath.
$8.760— Rents $888; Fillmore-st. cars one
block: 4 new up-to-date flats.
$6.750— Panhandle residence at a •acrlflce:
reduced from $9000; elegant modern 8
rooms and bath; $4000 mortgage.
$22.600— Golden Gate ave.. near Market st;
over 40 ft frontage and running back
to rear street; 4 flats and 2 houses;
grand future. ;. ,__.,„
$6.750— Oak st. close in; 2 very well-built
suncy flats of 5 and 6 rooms and b»th.
$3 760— Two attractive well-built bay-win-
' dow Mission flats; 23d st: Improve-
ments alone cost $4000: 25x114.
$7,600— Elegant up-to-date Presidio Heights
marine view residence: 10 rooms and
bath and finished attic and basement:
detached on both sides; flooded with
sunshine; extra large key lot
$6.000— Two elegant modern bay-windowed
Pacific Heights flats of 6 and 6 rooms
and bath.
NELSON. JOHNSON & CO.,
205 Montgomery st. Opp. Mills Boildlng.
$500 FOR A HOUSE AND LOT '
Only eight blocks from a
school house and street car line.
Will sell for cash or part cash and balance
in monthly payments.
The house has S rooms, ntw and never been
used. • .
Thn lot is 25x100 ft level and on grade.
This is a bargain arid I want to sell it; It
- Is In a good locality and Is worth more
! money than I ask for it
An opportunity for a laboring man to own
a home in from .3 to 4 years, and only pay
on it as you are now paying rent; investigate
this. Address Owner, box 4574, Call office.
MODERN cottages; < finished complete wlta
every convenience; easy terms; large lots.
4 rooms — $2900.
6 rooms — $3250.
6 rooms — $3500. ; ..'
6 rooms — $3600.
7 rooms — $4100.
8 rooms — $4600.
Located on First and Second av*., bet
Geary and McAllister st. cars and one block
north of park. F. NELSON, builder. .
TWO beautifgul cottages. Just finished, in
district, % block from cars; can be
bought on easy payments. OSCAR HEY-
MAN. 14 Post et.
BUILD on your unimproved realty: we loaa
full cost lmprov. and part lot at 6 per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
THIS week only; two paying flats: fine condl-
tlon; $3400; rents $35. 3009 22d st.
FINE income flats on Fulton St.. near City
Hall; reasdnable. 142 Fulton St.; owner.
FOR SALE — New house. Just finished, on 20th
ave. near car line; Sunset district.
LOTS N Or S side of Golden Gate Park, pur-
chased by W. J. GUNN. 630 California st
ESTIMATES on plumbing work, new or old.
Ahlbach & Mayer, plumbers. 836 Howard st.
REAL ESTATE — Country — For Sale.
$23,940
CLEAR PROFIT.
10 miles from Sacramento City. Cal.,
we have 2660 acres of land that can
be divided and sold in 40-acre tracts
for S20 an acre; $5320 will pay
all the expenses of advertising.
Now we can sell you this land for
$9 an acre, but It must be
sold by January 1, 1904, to satisfy
a mortgage. Now if you have the
cash and want something good
come and see it at once.
WRIGHT & KIMBROUGH. 603 J. Sacramento.
FOR sale — 10 and 20 acre homes in the Whit-
aker and Ray' colony, Sacramento County; $40
per acre, half down. This land is first-class
fruit, berry, table or wine grape land and
close to good school. Address WH1TAKER
& RAY. Gait.
FOR sale — 15-acre fruit farm; good Improve-
ments, good location: connected with San
Francisco by rail and electric cars. Call or
address 715 Nineteenth st, Oakland. Cal.
$10 A MONTH buys a 10-acre farm.
$200 profit per annum per acre.
Write for booklet. It's free. 603 J «t.
WRIGHT & KIMBROUGH. Sacramento. Cal.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards: Inspected bargains: monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO., 643
Market st.
FOR sale, or will exchange for city property.
10-acre apricot orchard near San Jose. Ad-
dress F. QUILTY. 7 Liberty St., San Fran-
cisco.
ALFALFA our specialty; best alfalfa land at
$20 per acre; ditch and artesian water. P.
H. JORDAN CO., 116 Montgomery st.
BUY a cheap home; send stamp for list; chick-
en ranches, alfalfa, stock, fruit and general
farms. W. J. WHITE. 26 Montgomery St.
SAgr MATEO JB^Aa ESTATE.
BAN MATEO SAN MATEO
THE FINEST SUBURBAN RESIDENCE
DISTRICT NEAR SAN FRANCISCO.
We have a choice list of excellent residence
properties, villa sites and acreage. Don't fall
to see us before buying. Investigate San
Mateo Park. The ideal property of them all.
Lots of about one acre each. Easy terms.
Bound to be most valuable. See our local agent.
Frank S. Gnimmon. Saa Mateo offlca open
Sundays.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 23 Post St.
SPECIAL— 230 ACRES— CHOICE LAND.
Close to city of San Mateo. Oak trees, run-
ning water. Can be had at $175 per acre.
Sold to close an estate. Can be subdivided
into 5-acre tracts and sold at a splendid profit.
Particulars of FRANK S. GRUMMON agent
at San Mateo. or BALDWIN & HOWELL.
25 Post St.
SAN MATEO— BURUNGAME.
Best suburban homes near San Francisco;
no' ferry; electric railroad now running; lots
and residences for sale; we can sell (rood lots
as low as $500 each; we will be glad to show
them: we also have some acreage land near by
as low as SI 00 to S20O Der acre.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
108 Montgomery St.. San Francisco. Resident
agent, S. G. GOODHUE, Western Union Tel.
bldg.. San Mateo.
rOIXT RICHMOyP REAL ESTATE.
WATER front lots and bargains: all tracts;
maps, photos, etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bld»._
4 LOTS cheap for cash. 32S Bush st, room 4,
third floor.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
A FINE $15,000 improved ranch In the Napa
Valley to exchange for San Francisco or Oak-
land property. P. C. LASSEN A CO.. 466
Tenth St.. Oakland. Cal.
OAKLAND property to exchange for ranches
not too far out. P. C. LASSEN & CO.. 466
Tenth st. Oakland. Cal. '
PH YSICIAJiS AXD SPRGEOXS.
DR. C. C. CDONNELL^-Offlce and residence,
102114 Market st. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
PR, BALL. 107314 Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONQ HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body: for
past four years at 115-117 Mason: now lo-
cated at 667 Geary st. near Leavenworth.
DR. TONO PO CHY. successor to Dr. LI Po
Tal. herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st
DR. H. C. WONG. 71» Post St.: all diseases
cured by Chinese herbs; consultation free.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st
STUTTERING AND STAMMERlXol
MELBOURNE School. Van Ness-Market— Cure
In every case; Individual teaching: no medi-
clne. Inquire into wonderful cures :home cnr».
TUxtP. ,
E CLARKE & CO.. commissioners and turf
'correspondents. 36 Geary st. Saa Francisco.
Private stable information sent out daily;
accounts handled: systems operated; commis- |
lions placed at the track, for clients; terms
reasonable. J__^ __— — — 1
LECALADVERTIiiEMEXTS. _
mv .111 buy the restaurant 615 Washington
st Trom A. Sala Nov. 30. 1903." We shall
not be responsible for anything about the
restaurant before this date. N. YOSHIOKA
& CO.
BALDWIN A HOWELL. '. £
X0 LEVEL LOTS. ;
J • ". ¦ . On . .
J .-H ¦ i Hayes.
?)' ' ' Fell and ; ,
• { < • ' ¦ Broderick • j
* ¦ ] '. I Streets. , •
'i 'i Suitable for
Flats or Residences.
'_ *2500 AND UP.
$6.100— A positive bargain; comparatively new
pair of flats on the north side of Fred-
erick St., near Aehbury: Nos. 212 and
214; large lot.* 25x116:6; modern
throughout; rented low at $600 per
year; we are Instructed by the owner,
who resides in the East, to sell this
jiroperty at once; the pKce has been,
reduced from $7000 to make a quick
sale; the flats could not be duplicated
for lees than $6000; lot worth $2500;
get permit from our office.
f4 a Ooo — Rent ?42 per month; 4 separate flats
of 4 rooms each. In splendid renting
location, dooe to Third st.: lot runs
through from street to street, having
double frcntage; all in perfect order;
new roof, etc: must be sold this
week; a bargain can be had in this
property.
$4,250— Splendid residence on Pine ?t, 2-story
house, 7 rooms and bath; modern
plumbing: porcelain bath, etc ; cheap-
est house to be had In the Western
Addition.
$9,500— Rents $C5 per month; large let, 25x144;
on Fillmore St.. near McAllister: two-
story frame- building of 2 flaw of 6 and
7 rooms and bath each; building could
be raised and store put In at small
cost, making this a choice piece of busi-
ness property.
$15,000 — To close an estate, or will be sold
separately for $6000 and $9000; Ellis j
St.; In excellent location; three fine j
dwellings, 2 and 3 stories and base-
ment; lot GO-foot frontage: will sub- I
divide for $5000 ; lot 35. with 2 houses, j
rent $65. or for $6000. 3-story building,
renting for $45; 25- foot frontage. ' j
$5,75,0 — Here you are; ail yi/U people looking j
for 2 flats In Western Addition at a j
barraln; we have 2 flats of 6 rooms :
and bath each; not far from the park, j
close to Halght-et. cars, on a lot 25x80. J
and renting for $5fi 60 per month; this !
Is a splendid Investment. i
$20,0<X> — Must be sold before owner leaves for |
Europe on December 1; large lot. 30x ,
137:6; frame building, renting for $82 50 !
per month; right down town, with e!e- 1
gant exposure; suitable for tmall hotel J
or apartment-house; near Sutter and
Powell sts. • »
$2,000 — Tremont ave., near Waller; only one
block to Halght-st. cars; very desirable i
little home, consisting of a cottage, j
containing 5 rooms and bath; not oc- ]
cupied by owner, but renting for $22 50 :
per month: a well-paying Investment if
not wanted for a home. j
$1,000 — The asking price: any fair offer ¦will j
take this property belonging to an asso-
ciation who desire to- sell their real !
estate; targe corner lot, 50r.S5. com- •
mandlng a splendid view; desirable for 1
-a builder: corner Hill and Sanchez sts.; 1
take Castro-st. cars. ;
tS.50O— Rents $900 per annum; lot 25x122:6. j
to rear street; two splendid flats of 6 j
and 7 rooms and bath each, and cot-
tare of 5 rooms; street work all done;
always rented; Vallejo st, close to Ven
Ness ave.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
10S MONTGOMERY ST.
BUNNY MODERN FLATS
On Clay et., near Baker: 6 and 7 rooms, attic
and basement: rented for $77 60 per month;
lot 25x127; price $8750.
BEAUTIFUL 50-VARA LOT. ¦
Looking Into the prettiest part of Golden Gate
Park: will subdivide: prices very reasonable;
this proiverty has a great future; fine for ele-
gant flats or aoartment house.
MISSION ST.,
Between Rd and 4th, 3-story building; rented
very low at $127 per month; price $35,000.
PANHANDLE COTTAGE.
New. modern, up-to-date, 7 rooms and bath;
only $4350.
MARINE VIEW RESIDENCE,
On Pacific Heights: splendid new residence.
commanding marine view; everything the very
best: hardwood floors, billiard-room, 2 baths, j
furnace, etc.; price ?15.0<X>; an offer wanted. j
PANHANDLE FLATS.
New modern flats, 6 rooms each; all rented
for $56 50 monthly; price $5750.
MISSION COTTAGE.
Five rooms and bath; 2 lots. 50x121; near j
ISth St.; close to cars; only $2500. j
IN BERNAL HEIGHTS. !
Near Mission tt. : good corner, 5Ox70 feet;
only S75O; owner very anxious to eell.
NEW TRACT OPENED.
GOING FAST. 8 LOTS SOLD LAST WEEK.
On Frederick, Willard and Carl sts. : 1 block I
I from Stanyan: close to all car lines; fine wide
! lots, looking Into Golden Gate Park; the street
! work will be done and several fine buildings
• t'> be erected Immediately; prices from $l"i«)
: to S175O: a splendid chance to get a rood lot !
cheap; these prices will be raised; buy one j
now; any size frontage desired.
LARKIN NEAR SUTTER.
Corner lot; fine new, sunny, modern apart-
ment-bouse; 19 apartments, 3 and 4 rooms
each; bath, closet and basin in each aDarj.- 1
ment; hot water, gas and electric lights, etc. : j
guaranteed ' lease <or 5 years at $500 per
month; price $62,500.
ON THIRD ST..
Between Folsom and Harrison. 2-story frame
building; rented at $67 50 per month; price
reduced to f 13,750.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
108 MONTGOMERY ST.
CALIFORNIA
TITLE INSURANCE AND TRUST COMPANY,
410 MONTGOMERY ST..
MOVED FROM MILLS BUILDING TO MORE
COMMODIUS QUARTERS IN HAY-
WARD BUILDING.
CAPITAL ONE MILLION DOLLARS.
A PURCHASER OF REAL ESTATE might
as well take. Instead of a flre Insurance policy,
a well considered opinion that the house will
not burn down, as to take, instead of a title
Insurance policy, an opinion that there will
never be any trouble with the title.
IN THE .TRUST DEPARTMENT ONE OF
the features of the company's business con-
sists In taking title to blocks of land in Its
own name for subdivision purposes from syndi-
cates and Individuals. It prepares the neces-
sary documents, makes conveyances and han- !
dies funds. Through its title department It '
t guarantees the title to all lets sold.
THE ONLY SAN FRANCISCO TITLE IN-
SURANCE COMPANY having a complete lo-
cality plant or copy of the real estate records
constructed especially for insuring real estate
titles like modern plants of New York. Boston
I Chicago and Eastern cities: reasonable rates"
( regular trust company business transacted un-
der State charter: all matters controlled and
managed by the following
DIRECTORS AND TRUSTEES-
WILLIAM ALVORD.
President Bank of California
CHARLES R. BISHOP. «"«ornia.
ROBERT BRUCE." "*** ° f
HENRY L. DAVIS. <* * Co '
p. n. uuenSSu" 1 OU!fomla Opt!caJ Co "
WARREN O^Ey! 61 " "*>****«*•* Bank.
CHARLE^PAGE 0111^' A "' r ' "' CouM^«-
A T BPOTTS*' McCutchea & Knight Atfys.
JOHN R. SPR&G? 11 - TUI ° In8> * nd TrU8t C °-
Capitalist, 630 California et.
LET us talk it over
with you. We can eas-
ily show you how your 1: V ''¦'¦',
rent money will buy
a home. It reaulres so
more money than what
you arc now paying to '•
the landlord, and each
monthly pyament brings
you nearer to the time
¦when these monthly pay-
ments stop. We are build-
ing in ell Darts of '
the city and can locate
you wherever you care -to
live. OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post at
POTRERO avenue
and Twenty-third.
New 6-room cottage.
Easy terms.
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post st
DAY and Noe.
New 6-room cottar*.
Half block from
Mission and 29th
street cars.
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post st
RICHMOND lots.
Sunset Heights lots.
Mission lots.
payments $5 monthly.
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post st
SAVE $5
PER MONTH
By buying a lot in the growing city of Rich-
mond, where are located the Standard Oil
Company, Santa Fe Railroad terminal, the
Southern Pacific R. R. belt warehouses and
manufacturing plants. All level. Streets
graded. Maps free.
RICHMOND LAND COMPANY.
Crocker building. San Francisco.
NOE-ST. cotage for $3500: bet. 17th and 18th;
lot 25x110: 6 rooms, bath, high basement,
barn: owner must sell: make offer. G. A.
BERTON. 323 Montgomery st.
STOP PAYING RENT. ....
New, modern lV4-story cottage, 6 rooms and
bath; easy terms. 20 Merritt st; take 18th-st
cars, _et off at H&ttla,
REAL ESTATE CITY— FOR SALE.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO.. ¦ __
218-220 MONTGOMERY BT.
* ESTATE PROPERTIES.
$7.000— Reduced =from $8100; must be sold:
Butter st., near Devisadero; substantial
residence and stable; extra large lot
69x114 ft: will sell residence and lot,
34:3x114 ft., for $5000. ¦';
$9,760— Franklln-st. corner, near Golden Gate
ave. ; two-story residence renting for $so
per month, extra lot 40x70; should be
•... lm Proved; a bl* bargain.
$10,250— Clay st., near Jcnes; 8 modern flats,
5-6-8 rooms and bath; rents $1050 per
annum; always rented. ,
$9.000— Minna st. near Sixth; 4 flats, renting
for $00 'per month; 3-5 rooms and bath;
lot 25x80 feet: must be sold.
$0,000 — Sutter st, near Devlsadero; fine lot to
build, on; 40:6x100 feet.
$32,600— Larkln st. near McAllister; grand lot
60x87:0 ft.- would be ideal location for
stores and apartment-house or hotel ;
mortgage of $15,000 can remain; must be
sold: make offer. . _„ .__ _ ,.
$7,000— Presidio Heights corner, 85x107:6 ft;
positively the biggest bargain for a sun-
ny corner lot in this district; both streets
.bltuminized: side sewers, bulkhead and
stone sidewalks. ,_ „
$10,000--- Vallejo st, near Leavenworth; 3 mod-
ern flats one year old; 6 rooms and bath
each: lot 27:6x127:6 ft; rents for $87 50
monthly. „„, ,.
$8,200— Howard-st. Investment: rents $64 60
monthly; lot 25x85 ft.; near Eighth st;
substantial improvements.
$10.000— Reduced from $12,500; Clay st. near
Buchanan; beautiful 10- roomed resi-
dence; every modern Improvement ;_ half
block from public so_are; lot 25x100 ft;
Is being sold at the'above figure to ef-
fect an Immediate sale.
$S5,0O0— Flllmcre corner Sacramento: one of
the best investments in the market;
handsome lot to improve. ¦ . V t 'v
$S, 000— Central ave.. near Pacific ave.; ele-
gant marine view: lot 40x00 ft; halt
block from Presidio gate; ready to build
on; Is being offered at above low figure
to effect Quick sale.
$18,000 — New Presrdio Heights residence; flrst
floor contains large reception hall and
living-room. dining-room, breakfast-
room, kitchen and butler's pantry; upper
floors contain 5 bedrooms and bath; also
billiard-room; basement contains ball-
room, laundry, servants' room, furnace,
etc.; house Just completed and sold on
account of owner's departure from city;
lot 40x127:811 feet.
$45,000— O'Farrell-st. corner, downtown; threa
frontages; old Improvements renting for
$158 per month; lot 50x90 ft.; mortgage
of $25,000 at 6 per cent can remain.
$6,250 — Mission st., near 20th: store and 6
rooms; lot 2Sxl22 ft.: make offer.
$2,200— Northwest corner of Castro and Alva-
rado sts.; lot 60:6x105 feet; elegant view
of city.
$31,750— Fourth st, near Mission; lot 2S:10x
82:6 ft;, rents nominal; should be im-
proved.
$8,750— Income $000 gross per annum; 2 new
modern flats on sunny side of Sacra-
mento st: will pay 8 per cent net; lots
25x100 feet.
$7,200— Presidio Heights residence; Locust st,
near Jackson; almost new; 2-story, base-
ment and attic; 7 rooms and bath and
basement; 3 bedrooms and also room for
servant: lot 25x112:6 feet.
$35,000 — Misslon-st. corner; 100 ft. front; pays
over 10 cer cent net: stores and apart-
ment house 'above; fine investment.
$30,000— 3-story and basement brick building,
Battery st; one tenant; leased five years
at ?175 monthly; pays 0 3-10 per cent
net; lot 40x04 feet.
$7,000 — Broadway, this side of Van Ness ave. ;
2 modern flats of 6-6 rooms and bath;
rents $53; pick-up.
$5,250— Moss st, between Sixth and Seventh,
near Folsom ; 2 flats, 5 and C rooms and
bath; rents $40; lot 24xS0>feet.
Get a. copy of our printed list of properties
for sale.
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO.,
Real Estate Asrents.
21S-220 Montgomery st
C. M. WOOSTER CO.
C. M. WOOSTER CO.
C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 648 Mrket st
PAYS OVER 22% PER CENT.
4 NEW FLATS.
ALL RENTED. PERMANENT TENANTS.
ON THE CAR LINE.
IN THE BEST PART OF
THE MISSION.
ONLY $3250 CASH REQUIRED. YOU
WILL NEVER GET A CHANCE LIKE THIS
AGAIN.
$60,000 — 75x119:6; on Clay st, near Drumm.
$6,750 — Three handsome modern flats near Du-
boce Park; rents $750.
$3,100 — Residence, 8 rooms and bath; rents
$300; near 17th and Sanchez.
$2,500— Rents $276; 2 flats; near 4th and
Bryant sts.
$3,500 — Elegant modern residence; magnificent
marine view; best residence portion of
Gough st: lot 25x100.
$4,500 — Rents S576; 3 flats and rear house on
Bryant st... near 3d.
$3,500— Rents $420; 3 flats in fine condition;
near 4th and Folsom sts.
$4,300 — 2-story Ill-room house; new plumb-
ing; newly ~ paipted : half a block from
Grant ave. and Bush Et.
$2,S00 — 2 good -flats; rents $232; on main
street near Fillmore; lot 27:6x75;
street bitumlnlzed.
$1,250— Juniper st, near Folsom and 10th;
25x80.
$S,000 — 2 modern flats on California st, rent-
Ing low for fSlO: lot 25x90.
$7,750—3 handsome new medern flats on 15th
et., near Dolores; finished In the latest
style; rents $870.
$9,250 — 3 modern flats on Haight st, near
Webster; rents J90O; lot 25x100.
$9,500—2 stores and 4 flats on a corner with-
in 5 minutes' walk of the City Hall;
rents $1116; property In first-class con-
dition.
$5.500 — 6 well-built flats, very close to 3d st;
in excellent condition; always rented;
pays $600.
$18,600—3 magnificent new modern flats, 0 to
11 rooms, bath; up to date in all de-
tails; 10 minutes' walk from Kearny
and Market sts.; lot 25x137:6; rent
$1740.
$7,000 — 2 modern flats and a rear cottage on
Post St.: rents $780: lot 27:6x137:6.
$2,800 — 3 good flats on Greenwich st, near
Larkln; the lot 27:4Vixl37:6 Is alone
worth the money; grand marine view;
rent $300.
$4,650— Rents $540; 2 good flats on Second st,
near Bryant: always rented.
$11,000 — Rents $1200; store and 3 flats on Sut-
ter St.; modern; 2 years old; always
rented; an exceptional bargain.
$7,250 — Must be sold; 2 new modern flats on
Frederick st, near Cole; rents $700:
lot 25x100.
$10,760 — 2 elegant new modern flats on the best
part of Presidio Heights; rents low.
$1110: lot 25x87:6.
$15,500 — 3 elegant new modern flats, 7 rooms
and bath each; rents $1500; on Wash-
ington st; lot 25x104.
C. M. WOOSTER CO.,
- 643 Market st
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
$500 to $1200.
Nothing to compare with cur Oceanside lots.
Fronting Ocean, Park and Boulevard.
All on official grade, ready to build on.
THEY CANNOT BE DUPLICATED.
Unobstructed ocean view! Every lot a bargain!
Get oft cars at cor. 47th ave and H st.
BEE THEM TO-DAY! .EASY TERMS!
$60 to $300. near Park and Ocean; $5 monthly.
Oceanslde Branch Office on 49th avenue and
K atreet
OPEN SUNDAYS AND HOLIDAYS.
$500 to $1000. Choicest Sunset DIst Lots.
Graded and Sewered; near cars; $10 monthly.
Bunset Branch Office on 9th ave., near H st.
$1000, 11600, $3500 to $5000—4, 0,' 6 and 8
rooms, new, modern cottages and houses in
- Sunset Richmond, Oceanslde and Excelsior
Homestead I All bargains! Easy terms t
SOL GETZ & EON, Owners and Dealers.
Room 64 Chronicle Building.
RAYMOND. ARMSTRONG & CO..
Room 2. 7th floor, Mills bldg.
$35,000 — Corner Broadway and Baker sts.:
r- ; 125x132:7; elevated lot; superb marine
view.
$10,000— Washington st, west of Baker; lot
75x128; splendid site for flats. -
$7,600— Beautiful home ¦ on College Heights,
south of the park; new. modern and up-
to-date throughout: grand corner lot;
sunshine on every side; superb views;
the choicest . of choice residence prop-
erty. .
$7,600— Lot and residence; Broderick st; fin-
ished basement, double parlors, recep-'
tlon hall, dtntnsr-room, kitchen, 6 bed-
rooms, bath, toilet, etc. ; very desirable
$6,000— Wlllard st. College Heights; modern
residence,. 7 rooms, bath, etc.; lot 87:6
front: Rtable. etc.
$8,100— Welsh St.. near Fourth; 5 flats; an-
nual rents $444; water $2 40. '
$3,750 — New flats on Greenwich st ; 5 and 6
rooms each; pay fine Income. > \-
RAYMOND. ARMSTRONG & CO.
B. H. LANGE & CO..
26 Montxomery st, room 23.
$2,250 — Elegant cottage, 0 rooms and bath;
McAllister st, near Stanyan. opp.
Golden Gate Park; bargain.
$6,600 — Carl st, near Stanyan; 2 modern flats,
- - .,; *.:-'¦ 5-6 rooms and ' bath, . with stable; rent
$55; lot 25x137:0.
$4,000— Bush st, near Baker; modern 6-room
cottage and bath; lot 25x100; rent $30.
$18,600 — Ellis st, near Von Ness ave.; 3 mod-
ern flats, ' 8-0-9 - rooms each; - large lot;
rent $150 per month.
$2,100 — Stanyan st, near- Frederick; choice
building lots, 25x125.
/E.vH. LANGB & CO..
, . 26 Montgomery st, .room .23.
COTTAGE. 6 • rooms, bath, : stationary wash-
tubs. gas.' : basement, stable. : 1917 Point Lo-
bos ave.. near Ninth ave. .THE SAN FRANCISCO CAL.L, STTKDAY, NOVEMBER 29, 1903.
45
M I S CE LL A X E PL'S FOR " SALE— Con.
$240 — LARGE safe; almost new; will move
free. Golden Gate Real Estate Co., 3 Taylor.
FOR sal* 1 — Thoroughbred Irish . setter pups.
•1114 Vermont 'st.. near Twenty-third. .
ELEGANT sealskin coat; bust 38; price $100.
3102 Callforn la_st : __- ¦
SAILING ark for flshtng and hunting; cheap.
329 Bush Bt., room 4, third floor.
FOR sale — (5-gal. kettle: 12-foot waler trough;
lC-gal. churn. SIC Treat ave. .' ¦
SLOT machine (D<»wey), nearly new, $45. 15CS
Seventh st, Oakland. *
DESKS and safes; see the complete line at 1S10
Market, ab. Van Noas. RICHARDSON BROS.
Printing offlce. :i C.&P. presses, motor, cutter.
N type, fixtures; doing good business. 2986, Call.
SAFES — New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
A VERY fine diamond heart for $210 at W. J.
HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
3 C AND 10 hp. gasoline engines; 2d-hand; all
sizes; new. E. B. BECK & CO.. 122 Market.
NEW and second hand machinery of all kinds.
KROGH MNFO. CO.. 519 Market St.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Dullard & Breck. 131 Post «t.
MILES of pipe and fittings; all sizes. EU-
GENE RILEY & SONS. 100 Vallejo st.
SAFES — New and second hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st.
All bargains ;camp stools and chairs; hammocks.
metal beds, mattresses. J.F.Hotter.712 Mission.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Baclgalupi. 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE enginee. automobiles and launches;
all, sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriers; all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg*y.
MISCELLAXEOtJS WANTS.
WANTED — Good second-hand^ "Conn" B-flat
.cornet. Address S. P. SHUTT, Glendale. Or.
WANTED — Basement or attic to finish; take
bill out in board. Box 2393. Call.
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES.
1140 Market St.; phone Jessie 3741, or. postal.
I PAY highest prices for all kinds of caat-oS
clothing; eend postal. MORRIS, 870 Folsom.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th St.: tel. Jessie 2831.
A BIG price paid for sealskins; send postal,
25 Stockton Et. ; phone Bush 484.
JAPANESE Henry Housecleanlng Co. Tel.
James 1C51. 2tK)^ Brannan st. ¦
BIOXEY TO LOAN.
A AA— HERMAN MURPHY,
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter*
eets, assignments of rents, property In trust,
.etc.; legacies. life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need .Money '
fc*e HERMAN MURPHY.
ADVANCES on furniture and pianos without
removal; to permanent salaried people on
their note without security or knowledge of
employer; lowest rates; no commission. NA-
TIONAL CREDIT CO.. 68 and 69 Donohoe
building. 1170 Market st
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL LOANS on fur-
niture, pianos or to salaried people on their
note; proper treatment guaranteed. ILLINI08
TRUST CO., r. 16. Phelan bid., tel. Main 704.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
'lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 848
Market st. , tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
MONEY ; loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
' chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; largest business In
46 principal cities. Tolman. 653 Parrott bldg.
A — 1 per cent on furniture or piano: no remov-
al, no commission, no publlclty;$?5 up; quick,
private, confidential. 26 Montgomery, rm. 7.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant are.,
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
MONEY to loan on low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
I qc z
I TO salaried prople without security: on furnl-
! ture; Indorsed notes and other security. S. F.
Discount Agency, 143 Phelan building.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos: strict
privacy; no commission ;ln3t ailments accepted.
BONELLI 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.
OPEN Credit Ass'n. loans on salariea confiden-
tially: new, simple plan. Room SO. 819 Market.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up: no removal;
no com. V. TItEMAIN, room 81, 6 Eddy st.
MONEY loaned to salaried employes. G. W.
MILLER, room 74. 6th floor. Chronicle bldg.
1 PER cent on- furniture or piano. 1003 Mu-
tual Savings Bank bldg.. 708 Market st
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank, 538 Kearny.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R. 311. Mutual Sav.Bk.bid.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndoraer. MORELL. COO Examiner bldg.
MUSICAL IXSTRUMEXTS.
RENT a piano for $3 per month; re allow six
months' rental of the purchase price if you
wish to buy: this gives you elx months' trial
of tbe Instrument for nothing; if the piano
renttd does not suit we allow the rental on
any instrument In our stores; with such good*
as tbe McPhall of Boston, the Schiller and
our own make to select from we can guar-
antee satlstaction to every one la quality,
pries and terms. See the Scott.Curtaa
"Bijou," the smallest full scale piano In San
Francisco. SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO..
660-62-84 Hayes :'..
ALL uprights on our bargain slate to-day —
Collard 535; Fllsher. J5O: Sherman A Hyde.
$100- Weber. $65: Ktmba'.l, $115; Mansfield *
Notn'i, J125; Haynes. $150; American, $1«5;
Chickenng. $167; Enwrson. $172: Miller.
$175- 2 Steinways, large and email slxe. $1K3
and $290; Heine, large style, slightly used,
$328. Rents $2 -up. apply on purchase; In-
stallments *4 up. HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-
237 Geary st.: Oakland branch. Fifteenth and
Broadway, old P. O. Bldg. Largest exclu-
sive wholesale and retail dealers of the West
NOW la the time to select your piano for the
holiday present: we have Just received two
carloads of excellent instruments, and if you
will call and make a selection now the piano
/can be delivered when you are ready; bring
such amount as you can spare for a first pay-
ment and we will arrange easy payments for
the future. THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC
COMPANY. 7C0 Market St. .
k FINE lot of teeond-hand uprights from $50
up. including tuch mukes a» Checkering.
Veee. Kroeser. Surtax, Kirkham. Pe«««,
Hardman, Marshall A Wendell. Bain and
others. BENJ. CURTAZ A SON. 10 O'Far-
rell st. No branches In San Francisco.
BAND instruments: F. Bcsson. Parts, maker:
Gua Malwald. Agt. Pac. Coast. 278 O'Farrell:
skillful repairing: 2d-hand Instruments sold.
A MASSIVE solid walnut case Estey organ,
two banks of xeys and pedal bad*; coet $750;
your own price. BOWERS & TON. 11 Mason.
i ALMOST new upright: cheap: cash or Install-
ment. SCHM1TZ & CO.. 1C McAllister st.
A STECK upright mahogany, nearly new;
must be sold. 216 McAllister st. :
BEAUTIFUL 3-pvda! Stelnway upright piano;
perfect order; eacrlflee. Keeffe's.SSS O'Farrell.
Unredeemed storage pianos and furniture d!rt
cheap. Whltehead Storage. 1636 Market st
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecillan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
f.fT'T.LTCR.- maker, repairer. " Latham plate,
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LKT.v
PARLOR space, suitable for corsets or . art
goods. 10 Kearny st. -
STORE with large basement: below Kearny
ft.: rent «»0. Apply «W» riay *t. room 1.
_¦ ; ' " -'. ' ' - 'Oil*.- ... . ':¦'_¦¦;¦__
WILL exchange for city property, sell or lease,
proven valuable oil land In Sunset. Midway.
McKlttrick. Ventura districts and Incorporate
your company. Call or address MRS. CLARA
FOLTZ. Attorney at Law. 2d floor Mills bldg.
PALMISTRY.
MME.' DKVAS, scientific palmist and astrolo-
gist: palm readings $1; 3 questions by ex-
.•preps. $1; open Tuesday eve, also. 139 Post »t
MME. NEERGARD'S class in palmistry begins
Dec. 1, 8 p. m. 242 Post St.: terms $10.
H. JEROME FOSELLI, scientific palmist. 514
Taylor. St.. near Geary. Phone Blark 561.
PAPERHAXGIXG. PAIXTI5G. ETC.
ROOMS papered. $3 50 up; tinting, painting.
1 Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 3d st : tel. Main 413.
CALL at 627. Turk st. or phone Sutter 154. fa?
paper banging, painting" and tinting.
-' PERSOXALS. _'.'
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, Im-
proves its growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
¦ and itching scalp; no . stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers' ;ac-
' cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 1238 Polk.
MARTYR PRIEST ' OF MOLOKAI— Send 30c
. for pictures and ' account. Haleolu Co., box
50L; Honolulu. T. H.
E •^^''OyMJg XT WAXTE D—-FE31ALE.
A FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook; best city ref-
erences. Call 554 Stevenson st. -
A POSITION as nurse to an invalid or Infant:
best of references. Apply 34 Clyde St., off
Townrend.
WANTED by thoroughly competent woman, a
position as housekeeper: best of references.
Address box 4503. Call office. -
SITUATION by a competent girl In small fam-
ily; good references. 7 years. Box 4502, Call.
WANTED by young lady, with knowledge of
Spanish, position as stenographer; best refer-
ences: any salary. Address Urgent, box
472-T. Call.
FIRST-CLASS nuree wants work In confine-
ment case: kind to children; reference. Box
472, Call.
EXPERIENCED nurse wishes a few more en-
gagements: charges reasonable. C13 O'Far-
rell St.; phone Larkin C12.
AN experienced chambermaid wish's work.
Call Hancock House. 781 MifBlon St., room
33. MISS SUSIE LILLARD. '
SITUATION wanted by experienced colored
f woman as nurse. Address box 4712, Call.
FIRST-CLASS German woman wants to cook
in «mall family. 706 California st., rm. 4.
LADY pianist would like a position; country
preferred Call or address 122 Turk St.
SITUATION wanted by lady as manicurist in
a shaving parlor. Box 4750. Call offlce.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch offlce. cor. Duncan 4 Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. C33 McAllister st.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED MALE.
SITUATION wanted "by a eteady. sober" and
indus-trlous man, as tool sharpener around a
mine or to take care of or set up machinery
cr run a hoUt; a good all-around man. Ad-
dress box 4502, Call offlce.
TO first-class Installment house — Experienced
salesman for your domestic dry goods de-
partment, blankets, .curtaina, linens, etc:
excellent stockkeeper; good references. Box
20S6, Call offlce.
FIRST-CLASS coachman from New York; can
handle* 4 horses; specialty is handling and
taking care of horses; willing worker; not
looking for high wages. Box 2909, Call.
MIDDLE-AGED man waYits a situation in a
hotel or store: handy with tools and not
afraid of work"; city or country.' Address
F. A.. 54 Sixth st., room 33.
DARBER desires evenings and Saturday work.
1410 Larkin fit.; call bet. 2:30 and 4:30 or
after t«:;U> p. m. ; phone Larkin 1192.
GERMAN gardener and man about place, best
¦of references, wishes situation. See J. F.
CROSETT & CO., B2S Sacramento st.
WELL-EDUCATED young Englishman re-
quires work In any capacity; excellent refer-
ences H., 24 Eleventh «t.. city.
COOK, hotel, meat and pastry; wants i>osl-
tlon: sober and reliable. W. A. JONES, Al-
lendale, P. O.. Alameda County.
JANITOR and elevator man wants situation;
good with all kinds of tools. Janitor, box
3461. Call offlce.
A YOUNG mm with talent- for drawing wants
to learn engraving. Box 3484, Call offlce.
AN honest young man wants position as col-
lector. Box 3408, Call office.
! REGISTERED druggist of large experience
wants situation. Address box 3466, Call.
AN elderly eingle German Is open for a posi-
tion where general administrative ability,
with practical knowledge of all agricultural
branches, especially forestry, would be In
requisition. Box 4568, Call offlce.
WANTED — Work In factory or warehouse by
married man; steady and total abstainer.
EDWARD OZANNE, general Postofflce, San
Francisco.
MAN and wife wish positions in country; man
handy with tools,' woman . good cook and
housekeeper. Box 4570, Call offlce.
SINGLE middle-aged American wants subur-
ban position as cook and general utility
man in small family without children. Ad-
dress room 60, 321 Ellis st.
ESTIMATOR and salesman; marble, granite
and building material in general; a good cor-
respondent and business getter desires situa-
tion. Box 3432. Call Offlce.
CHRISTIAN young man wishes a situation
with a priest or Catholic Institution, city or
country, by December 1. Box 4725, Call.
STEADY, reliable man and wife wish to take
charge of a gentleman's place or a stock
ranch: good references. S. D.. 77 Ninth st.
SITUATION' wanted by expert and experienced
draftsman and designer. Address box 857,
Call offlce. Oakland.
AN elderly man, reliable, good references,
wants position as night watchman. JACOB
BAKER, room 110, Winchester House.
TOLiVO man desires poeltlon with reliable
houee where he may advance; 3 years' offlce
experience; best references. Box 4526, Call.
A PAINTER, paper hanger, whitener wants
work; has all tools. 1302 Webster St.; tele-
phone Jackson 1321.
YOUNG Japanese boy wants to go to school and
will cook and do housework before school
and after: can speak English; will. work. for
$1 50 a week. Box 2090. Call offlce.
A YOUNG, bright Japanese wants position ap
schoolboy in small family In the vicinity of
Jefferson square. Y. R., Japanese Gospel
Society, 725 Geary st.
A JAPANESE laundryman wants to work In a
family In town; 15 years' exptr.ence In Japfin;
$35 to ?50. TAOUCHI. 035 Sacramento .st.
AN honest young Japanese who speaks good
English wishes to do housework. Address 11.
MAKA, 923 Sacramento st.
YOUNG Japanese boy wants position In private
family as schoolboy; good cook. Address W.
NOMNURA, 513 Jessie St.
JAPANESE high school student. . an experi-
"enced waiter, wants a position as schoolboy;
$3 per week and room. SAKA, 607 Polk it
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscription* received at
Call Branch offlce. cor. Duncan A Church sts.
DENTISTS.
DR. GRUSS, 6O4-5-6 Callaghan bldg^7~Market
and McAllister sts.. uses the Basford Obtun-
der. the only device ever Invented for grind-
ing, drilling and excavating teeth absolutely
without pain. For demonstration and proof
call . at offlce.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1413 Market. nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new: teeth
from $S per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs; crown, $3 50; fillings. 60c;
plates, $5: full set; all work palnlero and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth $1 50 up: crowns $2 up; fllllnga, 25c.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver, 35c; crowns. $2; no
pain; open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.204 Butter.
FLATS TO LET.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list;
service absolutely free; take p.d vantage of
this department; It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 243-263 Geary
St.. on tbe square.
TWO beautiful modern flats. Just completed:
all the very latest Improvements; northeast
corner of Chestnut and Leavenworth sts.; 0
rooms and bath each; every room sunny;
grand marine view; swell location; walking
distance from town: rent reasonable; open.
ALL of the most desirable flats and houses are
listed In our renting department: let us give
you a list and help you find one In the loca-
tion you went. STERLING FURNITURE
COMPANY, 1039 Market st.; services abso-
lutely free. "
7-ROOM flat, $30; 2 rooms already let. with
board, to married couple, no children, $50 per
month; privilege purchasing furniture cheap;
exceptional chance start housekeeping wlth-
--out much expense. I Apply 418 Pierce st.
HAYWARD, 2, off Harrison, near Eighth —
Sunny flats of 3 and 4 rooms; rent $7 and $11.
MCALLISTER. lSIC — A modern flat of six
rooms and bath.
MCALLISTER. 1900, near Park — Sunny lower
flat of 3 rooms; rear; rent $11.
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. Call
on LYON Be HOAO, 116 Montgomery st.
THREE sunny rooms and bath; marine* view
1209 Taylor «t. / .
VAN NESS — Modern, 8-room. sunny flat for
rent: or will sell. Phone Folsom 2891.
C NEW sunny flats, 9 rooms, bath; yard; open
to-day. Post St.. bet. Broderick and Baker.
$7— LOWER flat. 720^ Harrison. at. between
Third and Fourth.
FLATS TO LET — KPRXISHED.
A REFINED family not to exceed 3 adults can
get a sunny, furnished flat near the Panhan-
dle-rent free for owner's board.' Box 2«82.
Call offlce. • _•¦•....
SUTTER. 2130— Upper 8 large rooms and bath;
completely furnished; piano; sunny exposure;
references. , . : _
COMPLETE fumlehed flat, 0 rooms, bath;
phone; piano. 631 Hyde *t.
DIAMOND. S19— Flat of three Bunny furnished
rooms; $14, ' ,
FLATS FOR S ALE— FUR.MSHED.'
FOR SALE — Cheap; centrally located furnished
flat of five rooms; rent ?22 50. -2 Post Court,
oft Post, near Larkin. , - ; . ¦
IN Western Addition, sunny corner; newly
furnished flat for sale; rent $27 CO; no deal-
ers. Box 20S0. Call. . : .
FOR sale — Six rooms; a bargain. 946 Qery.
1 NEWLY furnished flat. 5 rooms and bath; rea-
t eonable. 421A E1H» "t.j • ¦
I 6 NEWLY furnished rooms for sale 'cheap;
rent S22 50. 315 Gouch st. .
$300—5 ROOMS cozy upper flat, newly fur-
nished; rent ft! 50. 40fi^ O'Farrell. -
„ rEATHEB8 BEWO7ATED.
j OSTRICH feathers remodeled, curled and wa-
terproofed; gives a luster equal to new; can
be worn a season without losing curl. ' Potter
.Waterproofing Co., 50 Geary st.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
WILL CLOSE out a large stock of horses,
wagons, surreys, buggies, carts and harness
at auction Tuesday. Dec. 1, 11 a. ra.. at 1140
Folsom st. . -•¦¦'.
12 A NO. 1 fresh cows and springers. Inquire
SAM AFTEKOL'T, Mission road, near Seven-
• mile House and county line.
HARNESS and saddles, the best for the money
at'JEPSEN BROS. CO.. inc.. the bis storel
j 1145-1147 Market st.. San Francisco.
I LARGE work horse for sale at a m orifice for
want of use. Lumber yard, corner Alabama
and Mont calm sts.
FOR SALE — Good horses, two bays and two
grays; 6 years old: weight 1300 and 1400;
well matched. 810 Foleom st.
1 MUST sell; come, give an offer;- rubber-tired
j hack with brake. 1327 Pierce st.
A TWO- WHEEL business cart, in good condl-
! tlon. nearly new. Apply 17O6B Waller st.
! BIG black horse, $50; mare. $25; top wagon,
| 160; wagon. $30; cart. $12 50. 70 City Hall av.
MU8T be sold at a sacrifice: 5 good horses.
327 Sixth st. -
Al" EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
and gocart for sale cheap; 632 Mission st.
Largest assortmt 2-hand wagons, buckb'd, sur-
rey.hames*. work, driving horses. 15th-Valencia
! A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
j --le pages, tn wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A— HOUSES and flats to let; an immense list:
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-259 Geary
St., on the square.
PACIFIC ave.. lt!42. near Van Ness — House of
« rooms and bath; rent $25; will renovate
to suit tenant. VON RHEIN R. E. CO.,
613 California st. .
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houaea
to let. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Post st.
HOUSES TO LET — *FURXISHED.
FURNISHED cottage to let. 5 rooms and
bath. 114 Hawthorne St.. nr. Folsom.
COMPLETELY furnished, sunny 7- room house.
Box 3467, Call offlce.
FOR ' SALE — 6-room flat; newly furnished;
partly rented. 103 Ninth st. _^
~ HOUSES WASTED.
WANTED to rent or will lease a two-story cot-
tage in Wcetern Addition. Box 20S1. Call.
4 OR 5 room cottage for family of 4. Box
4710. Call offlce.
LOST AXD POUSD.
LOST — A four-leaf clover pin, names, dates on
back. bet. Church, Duncan, Castro, Twenty-
fifth. Mission and Twenty-first ste. Suitable
reward at 1529 Church St., corner Duncan.
LOST — At the Woman's . Exchange Saturday
afternoon, lady's wrist bag. containing $7,
two plns>, key and memorandum book. Re-
turn Grand Hotel office and receive- reward.
FOUND— Sept. 0, gold watch attached to pin;
monogram and engraving. Apply. 22 Pond
' St., near Sixteenth and Market, bet. 7 and
8 o'clock. ,'.
LOST — Gent's diamond ¦ ring: fancy heavy
drafpn: antique finished gold mounting. Re-
turn to 824 Market st^, and liberal
reward.
WILL the lady that took 'the umbrella from
the telephone booth at the Emporium please
return it to the Emporium,- telephone offlce?
Reward.
$5 REWARD for Masonto wa,tch charm with
name G. WITMER on back. » Stockton st.
LOST— Fr.ake belt, November 24. Return to
AnFonla. 408 Stockton St., room 704; reward.
LOST — Scarf pin. 3 pearls, small diamond In
center. Return 210 Market st. Reward.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter »t.. needs old
rc'.A »nd »l'ver tn make new watch cases.
MEDICAL. ~~~
MEDICAL profession, attention — 16-room resi-
j dence. high basement, large outhouse for ser-
vants or patients, shade trees, beautiful gar-
den; lot 57x235; rear entrance; located in
warm belt of Aiameda; particularly adapted-
fcr sanitarium: must be sold; great bargain.
J. S. HANLEY, 1310 Park at.
MRS. DR. Wl'ETH, specialist for all remal*
complaints; Instant relief guaranteed; M
years' experience; removed to S20 Post st.
MRS. LR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male : troubles and Irregularities; instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1008% Market St.. opp. 5th.
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
sold; price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's
syringe and tablets; price $2 50. By express
only on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTH-
ERS, wholesale druggists. Seventh and
Broadway, Oakland. • -
DR. O. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick ot
in trouble consult this specialist on femala
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu.
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Offlce. 301S Market »t.
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk. nr. Van .Vest — Expert
In obstetrics, female complains; Inst ' relief:
treatment $10; hours. 10 to 5: 25 yrs. exper.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1119 Market— Reliable ladles
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement: best^medlcal care: low fees.
A maternity villa: private; secluded: conflden-
tlal. Dr. E. Funke, 141B Eighth St.. Alameda.
DR. ROSEN resides 2905 Folsom st., corner
26th; ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 112fl Market rt.
DR. NG TOT KEE. 319 Powell st., opposite
!'"'or Kinarf: all rlif>ea«en o»in»d bv h»rh*. -
MILLIXERY.
LADIES— 200 ttyllsh hats to select from; lease
sold, must vacate February 1. 1904: save
monev by calling "n MMJT. POTH. 2Q7 Post
MIXES ASU JIISISK.
$21 PER month buys SCO shares in high-grade
Arizona mine; no assessment;, dividends in
sight;. $7 Der month buys 100 shares; write
for prosjiectus; agents wanted. 720 Starr
King building. San' Francisco.
ailSCELLAXEOUS— FOU SALE.
BOILERS engines. ¦ 2d-hand machinery. -McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-107 Fremoat st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair it with elaterite; in rolls easy -to lay:
needs no painting or coating; good over old
iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,
pulleys, 6haftlng. etc., etc.. bought, sold,
rented and exchanged: see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE M'CH'Y. CO.. 130-132 Bealc st.
A — Fine suits. $7 50; dress, pants, ?2 50. Origi-
nal MIsflt Clothing Parlors. 233 Kearny St..
near Bush: open to 0 p. m. : Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines boilers, water p*lpe. shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st. V
FOR sale — 5x7' folding camera, -with tripod,
leather ¦ carrying case gjnd large outfit; * $25
cash. Call Sunday. . room 36. 1020 Market Bt.
2 72x16 HORIZONTAL tubular boilers, front
and all fittings. TRACY ENGINEERING
CO.. 151 Fremont St.; San Francisco.
TYPEWRITERS, slightly used, sold at cost :
new Underwood visible typewriter catalog
sent free. R. E. Revalk A Co.. San Francisco.
ALTERATION . rale— Best $2 60 hats,. $1 50.
Popular Price ; Hatter. 330 Kearny st. near
Pine; open: to .9 p. m.; Sundays to noon.' .,
IMPORTED canaries (Rollers), males and- fe-
males; also aviary stock- or all kinds; . 033
'Minna St., ' near, EIrhth.
TRY our- men's shoes- at $1 and. $150 pair'
. foot-form shoes - at : $2 50; • we pay express
charges. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid. ; catalog, free.
THIS week only, our beautiful $5 cabinet pho-
. tos. folder style. $2. The Fad, 120tf Market.
A SNAP— Jewell 'gas range; used' only thrt«
weeks. American Bar, Second and Bryant.
FRliimLEADYERTlSEMENTS
Kltt-ITVALK RKAL KSTATB.
CHAS K LEE. Phone Vale 29(5.
l j BLOCK FRI'ITVALE STATION.
S'T.V) — .^-rooni ani! bath coltape; high base-
ment ; F-_tod barn: fruit tree.* an<l flower*; ce-
rr<:;; eld'-walk: t-irrfi wt rk all dene; sewered;
't»<> blocks to electric cars: near depot; only
fSfiO canh ,' balance $17 monthi> : lot 35x125.
*H*X* caRli — U> ;*:r*- lot*. 25x100 each: rpl»n-
did 5-r.oom cottage; 8 chicken houses; pigpon
<"3te 12x100; a!l tneloeed with fine galvanized
v.-irp; abundance of tru.t trwe and flowers;
rH-iiicf of a n i.'r.'.t- in a high Ftate of cultiva-
tion; nice *rav»! wa^k?; ont'.re property eur-
rounded l>\ ¦ f.r.f tisht board fence; only 2
Mocks to eVotric car>: fine residence section;
ihl* p!sc- uo-jM rr.ak* a first-class chicken
ranch; i-" ir * ;¦-'! '"!J $2500; take quick sale;
owner lacrtsg < < ur.try.
*7.'. Iota to t*« beautiful Rosa L*» Tract:
fine «>il: prt.r-i view: new homes rapidly going
wr<: no c'A •riaAs <jr wrt fog* and lots only
$T5 ?¦ac:r *" dn»n. balance $2 SO per month.
CHAP-LES F LEE 1222 Krultvale ave.
BLOCK FKriTVALE STATION.
FRI'ITYM.n home*; convenient to car lines,
publi«' i-ohools; > ¦ TcTVllI pewer system, etc..
nrtr PrnitvaJ* station and Sather (overland)
'NOTE <U'R SPECIAL BARGAINS.
. c.-rcn.v. tip* cottage; lot 40x125; terms.. $1S.'.O
'5-r.»»m up to date cottage; 3 blocks
from l.">--a^ 2250
: '4-roo:n r.' » cottage; small payments.. 14-V)
I.nte ir. Sather Tra/rt. 37:6x112 375
¦Jots Ea Bather Tract. &Oxl25 6<"0
: 2 acres ai f:;mhur?t 1000
loacie at Eimhurct; high ground 1250
2 acr<!> mar High st 1CO0
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT CO..
Krultvale Station. Phone Ash 5fiT.
ELamcnST — Now cottage.' 3 rooms and bath;
2 rr.:nut*»' waJk to po»tofflce and car«; large
in; price f'jQO. Call. 05 Erie st.. San Fran-
cisco.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAXD RKAL ESTATE.
LATMAXCE REAL ESTATE COMPANY.
400-4C2 Eighth rt., Oakland, Cal.
JTO.OOO^ — Modem 3-«tory business block; rent
S15O0, net per annum; adjacent to heart
cf city.
t'.O.OOO— Broadway xt: f.0-«. double fror.tage;
4 f.atf; rents $W.
S3.100 — Store rooms: lot 23x100; f>«tn Pablo
ave.; within 10 blKks of City Hall.
$7.000 — Frlendld modern 2-etory hou?», 11
room* and bath: beautiful terraced lot.
10rtr.ir.fl; northeast corner; fine stable
and grounds; choice elevated locatloa;
reiits $45; cost $12,500; a bargain.
J"!'". — Forced sale; flne modern home. 6
rwmf unA bath: every convenience; se-
lect n*lg-fcborfaood ; $250 down, balance
as rent.
$4,000— Modern 10-rooin home; open plumbing.
' electricity, gas. barn; terrace; lot "Rx
150; south frontage; marine view; drain-
age and climate perfect; choice location
on the heights.
$4,CS0 — New DMera colonial, g rooms: all re-
cent appliances; lot 32x100; near Tele-
graph ave. and Thirtieth «t.
• $5,25!)—- Splendid ir.odern home, 8 rooms: sun.
shine all day; artistically and conveni-
ently arranged; 40 feet east frontage;
TelegTWh ave. ; close In; must sell.
$3,?5O — Modern cottage. 8 large moms; sunny
<-irner: 70x100; rx*r locals anj rtreet car
l:nes; fchort walk to business center; re-
duced fo*' Quick sale.
$3.100 — Beautiful residence. 7 rooms and bath;
fin* t«-i raced let; one ol the prettiest lo-
cations in Oakland; I Mock to car line
and near Lake Merrltt; ea«y terms.
S2.C<X>— Modem home. 9 rcocj and bath; close
to Broadway; rent $2."
$-5,100 — ilrxWij colonial; R rooms and bath:
let 17:6x11 It: near Telegraph ave. and
Th!rt7-slxth ?t. : easy •erms.
$2, c c«> — Extra well-built two-story house, 8
-rooms and "oath ; cement baserr.ent and
walks; 30 ft- frontage; near Market St.;
close In.
51.7T-0 — 2-story house, 7 rooms and bath; let
SOjtlRO; barn; one-third cash; nice lo-
. <"a!ltj-.
11,500 — NVvr modern crttage, .*> rooics and
rath; ?7"0 cash, balance $11 25 month; !
{ must be void. ;
LAYMANCi: REAL ESTATE CO..
4G0-4C2 EIrhth St..
-, Qaxland. Cal.
CHOICE PROPERTIES
FOR SALE BY
WOODWARD. WATSON A. CO.,
• 1172 Brcadwar. cor. 14th st.
"\ • .- 53750.
A v«>»-j' fine corner on Grove rt.. 50x100, with
a k*-v in* S.'xli«>; there !e a rood cottare of 6
rooms KOd bath: this is the finest lot to build
¦tores %n<l fiats on that there is on Grove st. '
E3250.
A moSw-n ottac* nrht in town, contains 7
motns and bath, a very fine basement under
the u-Uolf house. rr*!l cemented floor; this
tome coet owner over J5O(V>; must be gold.
*3T»00
Best J»oub# in Oakland for the price; on the
rorth side of a very fine residence street, close
to car line and well above street; the house is
new aad modern throughout, handsomely fln-
lrhed and contains fe rooms and bath.
J320O.
Filbert etreet home: here Is a bexrain* lot
SOxl25, near 18th and Filbert: rood 2-story
bouse of 8 rooms aad bath; stable.
34TH STREET HOME.
On uortfi eide near Grove St.; lot S0xl23:
House of 6 rooms and bath; this is in the
growing section of Oakland; look at it.
FOR EXCHAXGE.
Greatest chance ever oSered to ret a fine
fccroe at half its value, and by exchanging a
cottage or lot for the equity: the lot is 100x150:
f.ne grounds; handsome large cottage of 7
rnemi, bs-th, basement, furnace, etc.; large
? ¦.ab>: prtoe only $S50o; cost over $2000; mort-
gage $3750.
SE3CD FOR LIST OT BARGAINS.
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO.,
1172 Broadway, cor. Kth St.
ROLOOMB BREED & BANCROFT. Inc.
1060 BROADWAY. OAKLAND. CAL.
SPECIALS.
$9 40 per foot; tie best property ever offered
in this city for the money; street work
complete: Latham terrace; fine homes '
arid superb location; terms If desired.
L. T.
117 60 per foot; very fine location: sunny; fine
view; Santa Clara, near Vernon; terms
• if desired.
$2750. A BCNGALOW COTTAGE. $2750.
Five rooms; reception hall, connecting
parlor and dining -room; cozy window
seats; fine mantel; bookcase and china
Hoset: gas and electric lighting; open
plumbing: porcelain bath: nickel trim-
mings; medicine ch^»t and every up to
date feature for comfort; muct be seen
to appreciate its good value; close to
Telegraph ave.; lot Z~:txlli; see photo
and plans at offlce.
-M. A. B.
I2S3O. JUFT COMPLETED. $2S00
New 7-rootn house; modern; lot 40xlS5;
ncr»h side; elegant view of Berkeley
hllla and Golden Gate; close to Key
Route to San Francisco and 5 car lines;
tt-rnn if deeired.
S. F. 1
INVESTMENTS.
$40<jO_TVo flats; pays $iS0 r*r annum.
03.15
ttSZt/}— Four flats; pays CJ1C0 per annum.
0S21
121.000— Eight flat*: pays $225$ per annum.
24 &. W
See our ll»t" of bank properties; low prices
ir.u ez.iy monthly payments.
1IOLCOMB. BREED & BANCROFT. Inc..
10C0 Broadway, Oakland. Cal.
NINE btoeka from business renter; swrll
i 5-room ccttage; ba*ero<nt; fine finish.
! $3000 — 7 blocks) frcm business center; cot-
Wag*. O rooms and bath; basement floored:
Would be nu.de into Sats.
I tT/iOO — Very s'.ylifh house: 7 rooms and
rath; 2 flreplarr-: double floors; corner lot,
17x141.'; r«-ar Telegraph ave.
l£I." r .,C0<i — Will nay Ji 1-5 rxr cent ret In-
rtrmt: corrifr; CO feet frontare; near 11th
xifl Eroadway.
Wa t*> r acre— 10 acres In Berkeley; Santa
I"I R. R. close by.
133 f«0 per foot: level lot; »xr«-Ment view;
cetr university, cars end locals; HO or 100 ft.
______
S. M. DOIV3E A SON.
1169 Broadway.
ROOMS TO LET — Fur p. snd tntnra.
SUTTER. 1022*i. near Hyde — Two large sunny
parlors, with Kitchen or laboratory.
VAN NESS. 519 — Handsome sunny furnished
suites- and single rooms; all conveniences.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d st.. near~Market—
Most convenient and respectable: 70(> rooms;
35c to $150 night: $2 to $s week: elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Churcii sts.
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
VAN NESS AVE. NEAR GEARY ST.
AMERICAN PLAN.
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE "CflL
8EA.ECT FIRST-CLASS FAMILY HOTEL.
JiOT AND COLD OCEAN WATER.
SPECIAL RATES RY THE MONTH.
MUNOER & ZEBERO. PROPRIETORS.
CHANGE OF PROPRIETORS^
MANHATTAN HOTEL. 1704 Market st
A strtctly first -plasj family and tourist hotel
of strict respectability.
DORLAND, 2*4 — Nicely furnished rtom: run-
ning water; use of bath; with or without
board; suitable for two.
HARRISON. 570. 4 blocks from Palace Hotel—
Large room for 3 or 4 persons; also singles:
good home boanl $4 week.
HOTEL MARTINET. Geary st. and Van Nesi
ave., has cnanged hands: hereafter conducte-i
- first-class family hotel; table board nyecialty.
MCALLISTER. 1007 — Three sunny corner
rooms, with or without board; ei> } suite or
single.
STEVENSON* mansion. 807 California st— At-'
tractive and sightly rooms; best table and
service; lowest rates.
EIGHTH. 402 — Front sunny room in new Rat.
with or without board; with board. $.10 mo.
VALENCIA. 11S3— Nicely furnished rooms and
rood board: reasonable.
ROOMS A.MJ IIUAKO \VA.\Tt:U.
JAPANESE wants board or room with work:
no wages. Box 20S2. Call offlce.
BOOKS WAWTTED— - aouaefreeplng. L ».
MARRIED couple requires 2 sunny furalshed
hskpg. rooms, inside Van Ness and Pacific:
must be same floor, reas. Box 4727. Call.
YOUNG married woman wishes to take charge
of rooms in return for housekeeping rooms.-
Box 2333. Call offlce. . .
SEAVIXG .MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
NEW HOME sewing machine; this week onty:
$10. $13. >20: slightly used: needles 2uo do*.
. NEW HOME S. M. CO. lfffll Market st
JiPECIAjLISTS.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EAR.-J
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat.
rnmt free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Butter rt.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
Ladles! Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pi: Is
are best; safe, reliable; take no ether. Send 4o
stamps for particulars. "Rel.ief for Ladles"
In letter by return mail. Ask your druggist.
Chlchester Chemical Co.. Philadelphia. Pa.
A — EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co. ; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 723-
731 Howard st. nr. Third; phone Grant 181.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
flce Po3t and Powell sts. ; tel. Prlve. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave. ; phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage: advances made; S4O
Mission »t: tel. Howard &41. F. W. Zehfuse.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 FUlraore st. ; phone Jackson 2S1.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
st; tel. Main 1340. Shipping at cut rates.
AXD SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No.
1 Smith Premier. $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices: rentals $2 50. Th«
Typewriter Exchange. KG California ft.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each: get par-
ticulars. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery st
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co.. 80S Market.
£?jy?£i
SHOEING, wagon and paint shop. 22x30. In-
quire in grocery, southwest corner Geary ao<l
Broderick st».
PROPOSALS.
NOTICE TO CONTRACTORS.
OFFICE OF THE BOARD OF STATE HAR-
bor Commissioners, Union Depot and Perry
House. £an Francisco, California. Novem-
ber ia. i9<)3.
Sealed proposals or bids will be received at
this tlflco at or prior to 2:15 o'clock p. m.
oa Wednesday. December 23. 1903. for th*
construction of a section of seawall and
wharf along same to be located between
King and Channel streets on the water
front of '.he City and County of San Fran-
cisco, in accordance with the plane and
specifications prepareu therefor by the Chief
Engineer of the Board and adopted by the
Board Auttust 27, HC9t and on Hie in this
offlce. to which special reference 1» hereby
made. The work to be done under thes«
specification* consists In furnishing all ma-
terials and labor for constructing and erect-
ing a stcne seawall with end embankments
and a wharf. It is estimated that the sea-
wall and end embankments will contain
about 90, COO tons of stone; the wharf will
contain S6.CC0 square feet of wharf sur-
face. This section of the seawall will- ex-
tend from the Intersection of the nortnerty
line of Channel street (prolonged easterly)
with the water front line, six hundred (80O>
ieet northerly along said water front Una.
The materials to be ue-d for the construc-
tion of the seawall and end embankments
will consist ot stone not subject to decom-
position nor disintegration by the action ot
sea water or air.
Two classes of stone will be recognized.
The first class will. Include stone of one or
more cubic feet In fair assortment of sizes
between one and four cubic feet; no objec-
tion will be mad* to stone larger than four
cubic feet; thin cla» ot s lone • must ba fr*»
of seams and marked lines of cleavage. —
The second class will include stone of lesa
than one cubic foot. In assorted sizes, but
«no stone le«s than five pounds wiJj ha ac-
cepted at the quarry.
The materials for the construction of the
wharf will consist of the requisite quanti-
ties of first class, close grained. Douglas
yellow nr piles and yeUow fir lumber (mer-
chantable quality), wire rope, wrought iron
bolts, spikes, etc.. all of the best quality
and subject to a rigid examination.
No bid will be received unless It is made
en a blank form furnished from this offlce
and 1» accompanied by a ««rtlfled check for
five per cent of the aggregate amount of
the bid. payable to the order of the Secre-
tary cf the Board, as a guarantee oa th«.
part of tbe successful bidder that he will
within six (6) days after tha acceptance of
the bid enter Into a written contract to do
said work, according to the plans and spec-
ifications prepared therefor, and will aj»*k
execute and file with this Board a bond la
such sum a» the Board may deem adequate
with a surety company, to be approved by
the Board of State Harbor Commissioners,
and conditioned for the faithful performance
cf such contract: nor will said bid be con-
sidered by this Board unless delivered to the
secretary- er to the assistant secretary. «t
the office of the secretary, at or prior to
2:15 o'clock p. m. on Wednesday. Decem-
ber 23. IPOS, at which time and place th*
bids will be oDened.
The Board reserves the right to reject any or
all bids IX deemed for the best interest of
the State.
Bidders are Invited to be present at tha ocen-
lnz of the bids.
CHAS. H. SPEAR.
JOH.V C. KIRKPATRICK.
J. D. MACKENZIE.
Board of State Harbor Commissioners.
LCTT D. NORTON. Chief Engineer.
JOHN M. FOT. Secretary. "
PROPOSALS— Bids wanted. Notice Is hereby
giver, that sealed proposals will be received
by the board of directors of the Veterans"
Home of California, at Its offlce. room 13. 32O
Sansome st. San Franctsco. Cal.. up to II
o'clock a. m.. SATURDAY. DECEMBER 3.
1900, and opened immediately thereafter in the
presence of bidden, for furnishing and deliv-
ering quartermaster and commissary <upplle».
etc.. for the Veterans' Home, Napa County.'
California (ratlroad station .Tountvll!e).for six
months, commencing Jan. 1, 1004. and ending
Jun* 30. 1904. Schedules with information
and instructions for submitting bid* wlh b«
furnished upon application by the onder-
t Igned. Bidders will carefully follow the con-
ditions of the schedules, and no bid will t>-»
considered unless it la in accordance wltia
such schedule*. Bids on tea. coffee and sugar
must be made on sample* submitted. No bid*
will be received from parties who are no:
regular dealers in and carrying stock of sup-
plies on which they bid. * Each bidder must
accompany his bid with a .certified check
upon some well-known and responsible bank-
ing-house for at least 10 oer cent of th-*
amount of Ms btd. payable to C. Mason
Klnne. treasurer, conditioned that the bidder
will enter Into a good and va!fd contrac:
upon notice of acceptarce. as required by law.
The beard reserves the right to reject any or
all bids, and to order any quantity over or
under the amount suecifled. Address JOHN
F. SIIEEHAN. Secretary of the Hoard of Di-
rectors of the Veterans' Hocne of California,
room 13. 320 Sansome street. San FraacUco,
Cal..
By order of the Board of Directors. .
JOHN F. SHESHA.V. Secretary.
Tor Additional Classified Advertl**-
meats See Page Forty-Six.
. I PERSONALS— Continued.
• I A SPECIAL LOWRATE. 30 DAYS ONLY—
• I M. ELLA HARRIS.
¦ | To all whom I hare made prices to since
Jan. 1 1003. & for the ensuing 30 days only.
I will mak* a liberal reduction from ail
prices for my special deep-wrinkle treatment.
• The lady who has been on exhibition In
the drug store windows may be seen at my
offlce this week from 10 to 5. In order to ac-
| commodate those who have requested to ex-
amine the face more thoroughly in private.
: M. ELLA HARRIS,
¦ 731 O'Farrell st. near Larkln. Call or write '
'. j ¦ for book explaining method.
I I HAVE you stomach trouble? See the dally
papers how many die from the trouble: our
| powders wtfl relieve you in 5 ir.lrmte?. no
matter how aggravated your c«se; call or
send for free samples. Vital Restorative
] Remedy Oo., 212 Gough st.. San Francisco.
NOT. how cheap but how good is the motto of
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard, the eewlng-machlne of to-day. J.
• W. EVANS, agent. 1021 Market st.
PHYSICIAN. 15 years' experience, cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
address Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave.,
corner Sutter st. ; fee moderate.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale: also
chenllle-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
, i carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates Geo. Matthews. 709 Fifth st. Oakland. :
, ! j
; - Man's Best Friend — Dr. Mutter's quick cure for .
| lost manhood; acts immediately; "It does the
i business"; sample free. Kralgco.. Chemist
! Dept. 204. Milwaukee, Wls.
, AMERICAN widow (4C) wants to get acquaint- j
ed with tradesman that can take care ot |
honest widow; object matrimony. J. L., Call
offlce. Alameda.
4 — NO letter thla week, but am not worried;
am well; hope you enjoyed Thanksgiving. 7.
PRETTY, honorable lady, wealthy, wants in-
telligent, honest husband. Box 43. Back
Bay, Boston. Mass.
! j AT less than cost uncalled for suits, overcoats
I and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
• j Tailor. 721 Market st.
I LIQUOR habit cured in 2 days or no charges;
guaranteed. Acme Liquor Cure Co.. 997 Mar-
I ket st.. room gQ3.
I ELEGANT suits on easy installments: 50 cents
and up per week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mar-
1 ket St.. between Seventh and Eighth.
DANCINO Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
day evgs., * Teutonia Hall, Howard st. nr.
Oth; Prof. Foster; scdety dancing taught.
¦ MASSAGE, hand-rubbing treatment; face vi-
bratory machine: genuine tuba. Prof. Morris.
j 406 Geary St., nr. Mason; nurse assistant
PALMER HENDRIKSON, formerly of Seattle,
is earnestly requested to write to his sorrow-
ing mother, or come home.
PICK AND DRILL, November, at news stands;
mining; Interesting. Offlce, 123 California st.
EMILE VASSEUR. Please communicate with
your sister to box 4714, Call ofnc*.
• MANUSCRIPTS reorganized, revised or critl-
1 elzed. C. DIXON. 2517V^ Castro »t., S. F.
I MASQUERADE co«nmes. play books, wigs;
cour.try orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt
ANDERSON— Elegant theatrical and masquer-
j ade costumes rented. 26 O'Farrell st.
I SUITS to order on Installments. $1 per week.
j Neuhaus & Co.. merch. tailors. 727-729 Market.
) SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Dr. & Mrs. Traverse. .1170 Market.
j THE best place to buy good umbrellas or have
them covered or repaired is 120 Stockton st.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
! Superfluous hair and moles removed with elec-
j trie needle. Mrs. & Miss Eaton. 1110 Sutter.
1 A WEEK'S news for 5 cent*— The Weekly Call.
} 16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
j PROPERTY WASTED.
SMALL cottage or flat; Western Addition; fur-
nished house. 10 to 18 rooms. GOLDEN
GATE REAL ESTATE CO.. 3 Taylor st.
rooms for iiouseki:epixg.
1 AT Knickerbocker Apartments. 1340 Pine st.
near Hyde — Furnished 3-rootn suits: S3O up;
steam heated, electric lighted; free bath.
FIP.ST. 230. near Howard — 4 or 5 pleasant
rooms for housekeeping; business center; rent
chea p^ •
HAIGHT. 228 — 2 unfurnished sunny parlors.
j suitable for offices or studio; also other
! rooms; rent reasonable; gas and bath.
HOWARD. 10C3 — 2 sunny connecting complete-
ly furnished housekeeping rooms.
LARKIN. S16B — 3 large completely fur. sunny
¦ back rooms; regular kitchen; bath; phone.
I MISSION. 1682% — Three sunny rooms for
• housekeeping; 2 beds; coal stove; $13.
j MODEL HOUSE. 1208 Stockton St.— Newly fur-
• niihed rooms. $5-$12; bath, gae, phone.
NATOMA, 045 — 3 sunny furnished rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping, $14.
NINTH. 155 — 3 large rooms, furnished complete
Cor housekeeping; gas range; private family.
OAK. 117 — Nice furnished suites. $8 to
gas range; hot bath; laundry; adults.
O'FARRELL. 54.T — Two sunny, nicely furnished
housekeeping rooms on parlor floor.
I RUSS. 170.. bet. 6th and 7th — .1 rooms; parlor:
, gas stove; coal grate; large closets; reas.
SEVENTEENTH. 3945. near Castro — 3 beauti-
ful desirable unfur. rms.; no children; reason.
SUTTER. 18CS — 2. newly tinted unfurnished:
gas, running water, bath, phone; private fam.
THE ANTLERS, 415 • Turk— Modern house-
kpg. apartments; 2, 4, 5 rms.; furn, unfurn.
CLASSIFIED advertisement* and subscription*
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmor*.
HouKokpfr Room*— Apnrtm't Ilon.ies.
"HADDON* HALL."
951 Eddy st, bet. Franklin and Gough.
Two sunny, handsomely furnished apart-
ments of four large rooms, bath and laun-
dry each; steam heated^ >lectrlc lights; hot
and cold water: elevator service all night:
telephone in each apartment; references re-
quirea.
I ROOMS TO LET— Fwrn. and L'nCnrn.
I A— THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
113 AND U7 EDDY ST.
115 AND 117 EDDY ST.
MOST MODEJLN AND UP TO DATE HO-
TEL DOWNTOWN; 150 ROOMS: 35 SUITS
WITH PRIVATE BATH; ELECTRIC
LIGHTS: STEAM HEATED THROUGH-
. OUT; TELEPHONE IN EVERY ROOM:
SUITS WITH BATH. $1 50 to $2 50 PER
DAY: SINGLE ROOMS. 75c to $1: HOT
WATER DAY AND NIGHT. TELEPHONE
SOUTH 1041., '
ASHWORTH HOTEL, "
320 Hasan St.. bet. Geary and OFarre'X
Rooms with or without private bath.
New addition Just completed; entire hous«
newly renovated; sun in rooms all day.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth st— Room*
j 25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night
•AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st (or No. 1
Fifth ct.)— Rooms 2.V. 50c. $1. $1 50 night:
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlchfd rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
CALIFORNIA, 1255, near Leavenworth— Nicely
furnished rooms.
CLIFFORD, 204 ElUs. corner Mason — EUraatly
furnished sunny rooms: price* reasonable.
DIAMOND. 819— Two rooms; $0.
FOUR con. rooms, 2 bed*, bath, toilet gas
j and coal stoves; all necejsaries. 19.13 Geary.
GEARY. 1225— Elegantly furnished front room,
suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen: refs. ;. private.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 5Oc
to »1 60 night; $1 to $3 week; reading-room.
HAYES, 4C0 — Large furnished front room to
. let.
JONE8. 413 — The Saphire — Sunny furnished
rooms; running water; reasonable; central.
KEARNY. 104— Sunny unfurn. front suit: 2
rooms $10/ with kitchen $15: adults.
LAGUNA and McAllister. St. James flat— Sun-
ny single room. • •
MISSION, 1C53— Nice sunny room; running
water; suitable for gent; $10 per month.
NINTH, 119 (Glllesple)— Nicely furnished roonvi
$1 60 to $2 50 per. week: 50c to 75c per night.
POLK. 1558— The Carnegie— This has changed
hands and is thoroughly renovated; $6 up.
POWELL, 317 — Sunny front suite fcr doctor or
dentist: aUo other furnished roomx.
ROYAL House. 120 Ellis — Incandescent lights.
-' reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor, rooms per night. S5c to $150; week. $2
to $S: month. $S to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
STEVENSON, 522. bet. 6th and 7th— Nicely
lurnished sunny front room; grate; $«..
, STEVENSON. 797%. near Ninth— Nicely fur-
I nished slnrle room; $5.
1 UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy st. nr. Market—
400 single and family rooms; 35c to $1 night;
$175 to $Q' week; elevator; electric lights:
reading-room; free bus and baggage.
! OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAND REAL E ST ATE.
$175 CASH. ?3 monthly; % acre, more or less,
with a rustic cottage of 3 rooms; chlcken-
houae. ehe<3. etc.; n.ce assortment of full-
bearing fruit tree*: fine living spring; city
I wat*r in house; 6-foot picket fence, trees and
. shrubbery; flne soil; no foe* r.or raw winds:
I nicely sheltered; Just the spot for chicken
raising price $000 in all; 2 blocks from
electric car line; 9 minutes' walk to local
train. S. F. ; near 2 fine schoolhouaes and -
churches; nrtjoininir East Oakland. Call or
; »*nd for circular. 455 Seventh rt.. opposite
j Broadway station. Oakland: carriage free.
1 HENRY Z. JONES. Owner.
i BARGAINS in Piedmont residence lots. Includ-
ing all kinds of flowers and shrubbery: will
build to suit. Box S54, Call offlce. Oakland.
OAKLAXD HJrSES TO .^-T:
FOR RENT— Modern house of 8 rooms on
Twelfth ave Eaet Oakland: near street cars
and jchool; every convenience; sunny loca-
tlon; good stable^ -nt^^ &
Fifth ave. and East Eighteenth st..
Oakland. ;
"AKI.AXJPJROOMS TO LET.
VENDOME AND GRAND HOTEL8. ~~
, i «55H Washington anO ?>0 Ninth sts.. Oak-
land; furnished rooms en suite or single, with
or without board: ireclwl rates to famllU*.
j OAKLAXD F^-^3JJ^ R J E^ F i?.^Jj A id£;
I TO^M^miOw r tif»e'day for bargains in furai-
j ture. H. Schellhaaa. 11th st..cor.store^Oaklnd. j
Mill Valley Advertisements.
MILL VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
LOT 50x125 for $400.
On graded streets; beautiful trees; charm-
ing views; prices very low; only $8 to (11. a
front foot; terms 10 per cent cash, balance
$lv monthly; pew tract at Mill Valley; right
at tbe ttailoc: values bound to increase;
don't fail to nee them; over 95 lots sold re-
cently: money advanced for building pur-
poses'; send fcr Illustrated booklet; agent on
the cround Sundays. LYON & HOAG, 116
Montgomery st.
VILLA rites and Improved property: dairy
ranches; Cushing and Stetson tracts. For
information apply to *ole agent for lands T.
L. & W. Co.. LOUIS L. JANES, real estate,
Hayward building. 4S8 California st.
EDUCATIONAL.
STUDY shorthand as written in Congress un-
der an expert; Congressional reporting style
taught by mall: write for terms. COXGRES- ]
SIONAL CORRESPONDENCE SCHOOL,
P. O. box 25. Washington, D. C.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST. S.
F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches; day
and nicht sessions; illustrated catalogue free.
AYRES. the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket st; special summer course in all depart-
ments; handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
ship. $50; day and evening sessions.
CALD7ORNIA Business College, 305 Larkln st
"A thorough school"; positions secured for
graduates; modern methods; individual in-
struction. Write for Illustrated catalogue.
HINMAN'S Academy: a thorough school of
dancing; established 2u years. 1412 Polk st..
between Pine and California: both adult and
children's classes are now open for thre season. :
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, lay and medical colleges;
ref.. President Jrrdan or any Stanford profes-
sor:, day and evening cessions. Phelan bidg.
THE PAUL GERSON School of AcMng. the
foremost Institution of the kind In the entire ;
West: 12 teachers; send for catalogue. Na-
tive Sons' b'.dz., 414 Mason st.
A— SAN FRANCISCO Business College. i236
¦ Market et. — Practical, progressive, reliable ;
day and evening sessions; write for catalogue.
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday, Sun-
day eves.. Teutonia Hall. Howard st, nr.
9th. Prof. Foster: society dancing taught
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. mln.. mech., sur-
• vey, assay, cyanide: c*y. ev. ; est 1SC4. Van
i der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hail.
i HEALD'S School of Mines & Electricity.24 Post
| St., S. F. ; a practical echool of engineering;
, complete equiDment. Special catalogue free.
"KINGSLAND art colors" are the best for
palntlr^r woad, leather and photos. OLIVIA
KINGSLAND.
EUGENE DE FOREST SCHOOL OF ACTING?
' Saratoga Hall. 840 Geary st. ; call 2 to 6.
J SCHOOL OK ILLUSTRATION' Day and
PARTING TON'S. 424 Pine st Night class.
ARITHMiTTIC. bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 cages, in wrapper, for mailing. 11 per year.
EMPLOYS1EXT OFFICES.
GEORG^A^Kir^l^P^*TTt7r7eT^Bush~i35^
Japanese-Chinese employment offlce; fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help, etc.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Offlce — Japanese-
Chlnese help. 426 Powell. TeL Main 5752.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 415
Stockton; tel. Grant 1G8; expert, reliable help.
I RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Empioyment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1H97. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOVMEXT WAXTED FEMALE.
AMERICAN woman wants work by the day;
is willing; guarantees satisfaction; carpet
cleaning a epeclalty; fine laundress; $1 25
<iay. 174 Fourth st, room 1Q; car fare.
YOUNG 'lady having diploma from European
school wishes situation as governess or com-
panion; will teach German, French, music;
speaks English: references. Address S. C,
box 520, Sacramento, Cal.
i
I A MIDDLE-AGED woman wants a situation
as housekeeper or light housework for a small
family or will take charge of dining-room and
kitchen: good plain cook; wages $20; car-
fare. 545 Minna St.
DRESSMAKER and cloak and suit maker,
first-class cutter and fitter; oniy the best of
work done; engagements per day; work done
at home. ELE BARSS, «4 Webster st.
A REFINED, educated middle-aged lady, a
linguist, wishes poeitoin as companion, gov-
ernes» or housekeeper; would go to the coun-
try or travel; best city references; no trtflers.
Box 2981. Call.
COMPETENT nurse wishes engagements; con-
finements or invalids; cheerful, painstaking;
references; moderate terms. MRS. KING,
917 Geary st.
A LADY would like to take rharge of a
rooming-house of about 25 room*; will do all
the work; salary $35 and room. Address
J. H. S.. box 29SS. Call.
A GOOD seamstress that makes children's
dresses and all kinds of sewing wants work
in families. Address Seamstress, branch of-
flce Call. 300 Hayes st.
A YOUNG woman, rood references, for wash-
ing and ironing for Monday and Tuesday:
one house; $1 CO day; call to-day. 505
ElUs et.: rear.
WANTED by capable middle-aged lady posi-
tion as housekeeper: widower: s family pre-
f erred. MRS. J.. bcx 47S5. Call.
A YOUNG lady from the East would like a
position as traveling companion with lady
Box 2tOfl, Call office. y
WANTED — By a young, refined, highly edu-
cated lady position as companion; best of
references. Box 3tffi?. Call.
EDUCATED mldclle-aged lady. American
would like position a« housekeeper for old
couple: no washing; $20. Box 3157, Call.
WOMAN wants work for Wednesdays; wash-
lng, ironing and housecleaning; $1 50 Der
day. Box 3459, Call.
WOMAN wants to do plain eewing, 75 cents a
day. In Oakland and Alameda. Address G.
A. Diamond Postofflce.
STRONG woman with good references wants
washing or any kind of cleaning by the day
Box 20S0. Call. .
GIRL wants a situation for housework and
cooking; pieate call Monday. 14C6 Grove st.
A LaDY pianist wishes a position; no objec-
tlon to the country. Call or address 122- Turk.
COLORED woman wishes a situation as chil-
dren's nurse. Box 34C5, Call offlce.
AN experienced chambermaid wishes work.
Box 3456. Call.
YOUNG Swedish girl would like to do second
housework. 102« Caroline St., bet. 22d. 23d.
WOMAN with a child would like place as
housekeeper. MRS. C. 117 Milton st
SITUATION wanted by lady a* manicurist in
a rhavln* parlor. Box 4750. Call
1 A YOUNG second girl, willing and best of ref-
erences, wants a situation. Address MISS
PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter st.. near Powell.
A NEAT Swedish cook wants a situation at
$25 a month; good city references. Call at
MISS PLUNKETTS. 425 Sutter. nr. Powell.
WANTED — Children's sewing at home; is a
first-class plain sewer on all garments; can
furnish references. 402 Eighth st.
RELIABLE woman of (rood ext>erlence would
like a place to take entire care of Infant;
best of reference. Tel. Stelner 4530.THE PAK FBANCISCO CALL, -SUNDAY, NOVEMBER- 29, _ 1903,
46
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE: Con.
r MARION GRIFFIN. 1
\ •' • MARION GRIFFIN.' : . -
. MARION GRIFFIN:
MARION ORIFFIN. I
" . » : MARION GRIFFIN. , ' ¦ '. ;J
V, " MARION GRIFFIN.!.' 1
I MARION GRIFFIN. J . - ,
. . :[Room 4CK>. Examiner Building.]
Phone Black' 3U07. Take elevator to 4th floor.
LARGE, new,' elegantly furnished house; cost
$8000;- will' sell --for amount of mortgage; pos-
itively a forced sale; easy terms; clears $300
a month; $1500 cash nel-esaary. -¦---• ¦ "
•¦ --^. / 'MARION GRIFFIN. ]
HOTEL with bar; OS rooms; groat "sacrifice;
only $2100; dining-room seats 100; electric
lights; newly furnished. MARION GRIFFIN.]
PARTLY furnished 20-room house; sunny eide:
i north of • Market; if you have furniture in
storage make proposition tov ¦ * ; v
, . - , MARION GRIFFIN. ]
' Y
YOU can, make. $10,000 per year ma certain,
ultra-fashionable , apartment-house; exclu-
alvely for sale by MARION UltlFFIN. ]
WE can show you a swell rooming-house, «nn-
• inently.- respectable,, for $12,000, frcm which
SJ60C0 Is banked yearly". MARION GRIFFIN.]
JOBS* at $3 per day at home are scarce: we
know of one; price (?105i») Includes ; 17-room
house. ;-.' -MARION GRIFFIN. ]
NEW building; 30 rooms elegantly furnished;,
clears $150 month; lease; easy terms.- '
MARION ..GKIFFIN. ]
DAriXTS, ability and $1500 will yield a profit
of ¦ $500 • monthly right here in this city.
Before you .'invest elsewhere you'd better go
and see -'.-.; . MARION GRIFFIN. J
VERY- nice. -. respectable house: well furnished
and full of roomers- In best of down town-
locations; will clear $70 a month; thorough-
ly safe and trustworthy proposition; the rent
is MS and the price is $1450. MARION
GRIFFIN.' 408 Examiner building.
HEADQUARTERS FOR LODGING-HOUSE3.
C. E. HINKLEY,
1020- MARKET ST.. OPP. FIFTH.
PHONE MINT 796. -
¦ • Carriage . f6r Customers.
" CLE5AR TITLES GUARANTEED.
BUYER AND SELLER PROTECTED. ,
FORMER PATRONS MY BEST REFER-
¦ - ¦ • .'- ¦•-. ENCES.' *
13 rooms; Mission St.; rent $50 $550
29 rooms; rent 66; snap 1200
9 rooms; housekeeping; clears $27 2C0
12 room* : north of Market: rent $40.... . 600
11 roomS; Eddy st.; rent $50. ...:... 600
60 rooms ; - transient ; liquor license. . . . : 2700
8 rooms; Post st. : rent $32; only.'.....- 250
9 rooms; .Sutter st. ; .1 unfurnished.... 350
20 rooms; rent $90; 2 VI years' lease; offer.
GRAND CORNER ICO ROOMS, first floor
office; lease; low rent; clears $300 monthly;
some country transient. See this flnrt-clasa
proposition. HINKLEY 1020 Market 6t, op-
ponlte Fifth.
20 ROOMS; new; rent only $90; 3 years'
lease; clears' $100; good carpets; oak furni-
ture; every room sunny; large yard. HINK-
LEY. 1020 Market st.
MODERN apartment-house. 44 rooms; rent
$240; guaranteed to clear $200;' 3 and 4 room
apartments: elegantly furnished. See my
agent. C. E-. HINKLBY. :
120 ROOMS; rent less than $5 a room; up to :
-date In every respect; finely furnished; books
open; clears $350 to $400 monthly: $6000;
part cash." HINKLEY, 1020 Market, st.
HQRT0N-.& ¦ TRUBODY. the~Ploneers.
. . 6 Eddy. r. 100. .
85 rms.; rent $2 60»per room: new bldg. ; new
carpets, well ' furnished : light and- sunny;
clears $200; price $4000. $1500 cash; ill health
cause.' 100 rms.; $7500; cheap rent; long lease;
corner' on Market: a money-maker and rare j
bargain. : 36- room family boarding-house; cor- j
ner; cleared $3000 last 12 months; light and
sunny? a beautiful home; nice garden; north
of Market. 20 rooms: transient; clears $2C0
month; $1800. 23 rooms, transient, $2250; $800
cash. HORTON & TRUBODY, 6 Eddy et.;
phone James 53SC.
" —~ " SEE
. J..E. TETLOW, ;
• Phone , Folsom 2957, _ ;
1023 Market, st., between Oth and 7th,
For hotels, v rooming-houses and business
chances; any rfart of the- city.
.- . - B ARG A I N
30 rooms, .near- the Mint; nearly "all men
roomers; low rent; good Income; cost $2000; for
cash will take less; leaving the State; make of-
fer. M. E.R;VES. 74 Columbian building.
A— $3000; PRIVATE boarding-house, with 40
elegantly furnished rooms, on Van Ness ave.;
rooms always occupied and first-class patron-
age. See R, O. WILKE, 20% Kearny st.
ELEGANT corner 'flat. 8 rooms, Western Ad-
dition; rent $35; cheap. $000; large list of j
houses. 6 to. 200 rooms. EITEL & CARROLL.
212 Kearny st. *
$450 — 10- ROOM house: cheap rent; clears $32. :
$350 — 7-rcom flat: rent $28; Western Addition.
GOLDEN GATE REAL ESTATE Co.. 3 Taylor.
LODGING-HOUHE.f 20 rooms; rent $46; "lease
given. 521 Vj Howard st. .. ¦
SPIRITUALISM.
PROF. Fred P. Evans,' noted psychic for slate-
writing and clairvoyance; stamp for circular.
1112 Eddy St., nr. Octavla; phone Scott 887.
ETHEL CRINDLE — Materializing seance Sun-
day eve.. 8 o'clock; 50e. -328 Ellis st. •
C. V. MILLER'S Mother Sadie's materializing
seance to-day. 1 o'clock. $1. -1084 Bush St.
MRS. A. R. SMITH of Portland. 706 Polk st.
• room 26. The Gladstone, corner Eddy st. ,
EDWARD EARLE. 1062 Ellis, readings dally,
9 :30 to 4 : , seances Sunday j and Thursday. ,
'--:- CLAIRVOYANTS. »
' Wonderfully bewildering ¦ is the work of
CASHMIRE,
305 Taylor, st.. . cor. Ellis.
,Tbe peer- of all clairvoyants.
' Messages from spirit friends while In dead
trance.
So strange • is her work, ; without , word.' or
question she tells Just what you want. to know.
• Locates mUslng persons; gives names * of
¦j-our rivals, enemies and friends: whose read-
ings are a revelation; advice on love, marriage,
courtship, business, mines; also reunites the
Eeparated; give3 secret ; power to control any
one In ? 21 days; : removes evil influences and
develops mediums; locates hidden . treasure;
gives names, , dates and facts.
: PROFESSOR PAUL N DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever In San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge if I fall to tell your name, occu-
pation and what you called for; I promise to tell
you whether husband, wife or sweetheart Is true
or false; tell you vrho and when you will marry;
Intact,' I will tell you every hope, fear or ambi-
tion better than you can tell yourself;. I will give
you luck that. wins success in love, marriage, di-
vorce, business, speculation, mining, health and
lost vitality, etc.; hours 10 a. m.to 8 p. m.
326— O'Farrell st 326. Reading* $1.
MME. M.; BERNARD, : ¦ THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business: medium, .'perma-
nently-located at 17 Third St., next Examiner
bldg. ; I she reads •. your life* correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
f present happenings 'and portrays eventa v to
occur.in the. future; ifyou are ; In « trouble,
discontented ', or ' not "satisfied vin life, or have
domestic, love - or business troubles, j consult
this great: medium and you .will be told how,
to overcome them; valuable ad vice In -all af-
fairs of life; -25c up; ; Satisfaction 'guaran-
tced; readings by mail.' Tel.~Black 4569.
A— PRESIDENT DIAZ •' '- ' '¦<' " ; =
• OF. MEXICO says: • •
"You have demonstrated to what perfection
your studies In .this science have been car-
ried." '.:..¦,:.¦-¦¦ ,,<-•-- - • ,.
tr- 1— V— O— R— N— O,
'THE WORLD-RENOWNED PALMIST
AND CRYSTAL GAZER, .
34 KEARNY STREET,
Over Hammersmith & Field's. Tel.Black 2435.
C~See portralt;Of Mme.-Llvorno and orig-
¦ Inal testimonials iat entrance. •.-.•-
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located- at 1104 Market
st.,' cor. Turk: private readings. daily, 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m.;.- readings by mail. as satisfac-
tory as in person: 3 questions answered, $1:
full' life,' $5; -send lock of hair, date and year
" of birth: don't send-purrency. Send postofnee,
Wells-Fargo' money order- or registered letter.
MISS 2EMDAR, young, gifted tialr.- &"palm.,
J.has' second sight; -a wonderful 'prophetess.
I correctly; treat - your,' love . affairs, | domestic
trouble,- bus. and .financial* success: \ names;
L., 60c;;o.. $1. -714 Franklin. nr.O. O. ave.
MRS; 'A; H: Kronenberg, '" palmist.* clairvoyant.
: card reader.iwill give a good. reading, 10c, for.
a short time only;. when others fall try me to
convince yourself. ,721 Franklin,; nr.j G. O. ave.
COME AND HAVE YOUR 1 LIFE- READ
: BYiMRS. DR.- E. = :. SANDERS,
And - Learn - Mental'. Telegraphy. '
'¦¦•*•¦¦¦. ,418 Post eU; • hours .10 : to .8. ,
MME. VEINA, wonderfuli trance | medium and
card .1 reader; .Just ¦¦ returned from long . ab-
. sence. - 406 Geary.;- ntar.. Mason. : room . 1. ' ' : -
A-Mme. Ravenna "reads '.life,' business advice;
, names given; 25c up." 5 4th at., near Market.
MME. ' JACQUES," clairvoyant , and- '- palmist;
,v readings dally., 039 ;-Eddy;: right-hand; bell.
MISS | WA RD : gives ! names,^ I dates J and ; facts ;
¦'.¦ hours. : 11; a.- ro.. to ftp.'m: 413 Mason;no sign
MRS. BROWN. clalr\'oyanti card reader; ladles
•25c. gents 50c; readings i daily. . 132 Sixth i Et. .
MME.' WALTERS. : great card -"reader; : laj ; 25c,
gents BOc. 951; Mission Bt.,;nr.*'Cth; open Sun..
HINDOO palmwtry. "' Sarafa • Swaml. -master
adept, Florence Hotel, j cor/. Powell and Ellis.
OLDEST lady palmist "and card reader In city*.'
26VJ - Kenrny. , room .. 20; ladles 25c,-; gents 50c.
MME. LAMAR, .' wonderful palmist; , card read"
er; 25c; bOc. < B20 Jones st.; hours 1-9 p. m. ,
MRS. SHAFER, clairvoyant," card : reader ; : slt-
tings dally. 41SH Jessie st., bet. Oth and 6th.
rntnSrtffVi ll"TIII _»f*» TirlsiiiMiw *¦ Jr— r— idi w_»_i tnin * _w 't*! ¦•' -•,¦> it > n-» i
j BUSINESS CHANCES— Continue-.-'
R. G. WILKE. Re*l Estate" and . Business
Agent (established 14, years), 26& Kearny
I et., rooms 9 and 10. "
A J1C00 COFFEE saloon and restaurant on
¦ the water front, close to Market' st.: dally
receipts about $C5; business clearing $30O per
1 month; trial given: a splendid offer: lnvestl-
j gate at once. See R. G. WILKE.. 28J4
: Kearny st. , . ¦
! A— $3500; HOTEL and barroom with 30 rooms.
in Point Richmond; rent $100: rooms always
! occupied by- employes of railroad and Stand-
! ard Oil- Company; board bill guaranteed by
company; owner never clears less than $300
j per month. Call R. G. WILKE,- 20^
j Kearny st. - '.. . . .¦ '¦:
! A— $900; SALOON on '-water front, with 8 fur-
j -niched rooms: 3 iron bedsteads in each room;
1 '2',4 years' lease; rent $35; rooms -alone pay
$7« per mouth and saloon doing a good busi-
i "^s. Eee R. G. WILKE. 26Vi Kearny St.
j A— $350; EMPLOYMENT office, doing a good
I business; must be sold at once on account
of sickness in owner's family. Call.R. ,.GI
' tvILKE - 2C^» -.Kearny St.- .- . '
j A— $1*00; HALF interest in one of the best
! corner saloons on : water front: lease; die-
agreement of partners .cjus*' of sale; will
sell whole for $3400. Call R. G. WILKE.
26 Vi Keorny st. - ' ¦ *
' A— $1250; CORNER saloon on Fourth St, close
' to S. P. freight sheds; 8 furnished rooms
i and kitchen: a good paying business. Sfs
j R. G. WILKE. 28 Vi Kearny st." ¦. ~.
| A — $S0O; DAIRY produce . a'nd delicatessen
; store; rent $22: business clears above $100
j per month: living rooms: value In sight.
; Call R'. G. WILKE. 26 Vi Kearny st."
A— $2000; SALOON on Kearny st,. about 2
blocks from Chronicle building;. place «_tb-
"lished* years and doing, a good business; or
one xsartcer will sell jhls interest for $1000;
disagreement -¦ cause of sale. See R. G.
¦W r ILKE. 2OV4 Keaxny st.
A— J1200; COFFEE saloon and bakery; close to
Phelan building; a good paying business,
' but mimt be sacrificed on' account of owner
being pick In hospital. Particulars R. O.
WILKE. 2(1 Vj Kearny st. .
• A— $3250; "LEADING saloon on Market and
• Mason sts. ; net rent $160; lease with priv-
ilege of 5 years more; valus in sight. Call
R. O. -WILKE, 20V4 Kearny st.
A— $65oT"ciGA.R stand on Montgomery St.; a
$700 cigar stand on Ellis st.; stock at In-
voice; a $200 dsar stand on Third et.: stock
at invoice: a 4400 cigar stand on Eddy st.,.
stock at Invoice. Call R. G.. WII.KE. MV4
•Kearny st. ' • /
A— $1250- COFFEE saloon on Geary st. ; rent
$15. R. O. WILKK. 26% Kearny st.
INVEST ' '
YOUIt
IDLH
CAPITA!*
• •;.*-'<. In "Cereal Mutuals,"
Where It is better than bank deposit*,
.Where the earnings are always. Urg* . ,
ana .
Whero It can be withdrawn at any tlm»
Through any bank in the U. S. or Canada.
Write for "'Cereal Mutual'.' booklet; also
Bulletin showing actual results for past six
Months; absolutely free; full of Interesting facta
And may bo the means of making you a fortune.
Address - ISBELL & CO.,
• • 4' Sherman st., Chicago. III..
STRANGERS. ATTENTION!
Are you looking for a safe and profitable bust-
ness opening In San Francisco? If so, w* can
offer you any number requiring- an Investment
.from $100 to $50,000: every business oppor-
tunity that passee through our office must
stand the closest investigation, and we can
place you In a store, factory, hotel, mllL of-
fice, or, in fact, any business you may prefer;
kindly call and Investigate. > ;
GERMANIA INVESTMENT CO.. .
¦ Suit 321. Emma Spreckels building.
*A RARE OPPORTUNITY
For a young and enterprising druggist to
' continue the business of a first-class drug
store; small capital required: liberal terme to
right party. Call to-day at bakery, 1317 Fol-
som *t. .
$850 — CANDY store and lc© 9 cream saloon;
fine location: fine fixtures; complete -stock;
only crisp machine in Oakland: holiday trade
¦ will soon start; buy now: lodging-houses,
$450 up; large number of business chances.
MONTGOMERY & TILLEY,
105 Telegraph ave.,
Oakland.
A~^ S FURNITURE BUSINESS. ~~~
A business man with from $2000 to $5000
can secure partnership in estA>lished busi-
ness in this city and take charge of store.
¦GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market St.
A. STENBERG CO. , Phone Black C892.
783}i Market st.
We have for sale at their value a few
groceries, restaurant, bakeries, saloons,
candy, cigars. , .
STORES. STORES. ¦ i- ¦¦'-*-
A. STENBERG CO., 78SV4 Market rt.
A— GENERAL MERCHANDISE
STORE FOR SALE; a nice clean stock In
the best town in California; Invoice about
$4000: low rent; long lease.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
FOR SALB — A good grocery business; central-'
• ly located in Oakland. For further informa-
tion apoly to J. J. .SCHUTZ, care Haa*
Bros.. San Francisco. >
YOU can make large profits by Judicious opera-
tions in wheat; $100 Invested makes. $2 per
day, remitted weekly. Address Broker,: box
¦ 528, Chicago, 111.
A RARE . OPPORTUNITY.
A — $250 cash and services ' secure ¦ interest In
established office business paying $25 weekly;
experience not necessary; simple accounts.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st. >
A — FOR':qulck sales 6ee Brown the hustler;
advertising money advanced. Phone How-
ard 2925.
FINE confectionery, modern .machinery, good
location, for sale; cost: account other busi-
ness; no agents. Box 20S7, Call office. :
A GOOD opportunity for a man to Invest a
small amount of money In an entirely new
business. Call at 208 First st. ' '
A RARE chance for good butcher; $R00 butch-
er shop, $350: $200 cash. Box 3403. Call.- .
A DRUGSTORE for sale or exchange for per-
sonal property. Box 2065, Call. . '.
BARBER shop - for sale; cheap. 1013 Kearny
6treet.
RELIABLE man with $400 to $500 can buy
one-half Interest in old-established business
in Oakland. Apply to P. C. LASSEN & CO.,
466 Tenth et.. Oakland, Cal.
A F-INE chance; restaurant and delicatessen;
opposite Lorin depot S. P. R. R. and \ new
electric: , fine living for couple; < Investigate;
cheap. Yate'8 restaurant. South Berkeley, j
$10 A DAY average assured by the. Rockton
race system for peoplerwho have hard -horse
sense. Box 3455, Call.
A%^ MERCHANTS. ATTENTION.
Do you wish to enlarge your business, or do
you desire additional capital? If so we can
furnish you with an active or silent partner
who will invest from $100 to $50,000; w*
have a large number of desirable applicants
on our books seeking good business openings
GERMANIA INVESTMENT CO..
Suit 321. Emma Spreckels bulldin*;.
$2500 — FOR sale, first-class, good paying.' sa-
loon: good etock on hand. California st., ncai
Market. Box 4509. Call office.
FOR eale — A large, well-paying bakery; short
distance from city. Box 4706, .Call.
FOR sale — Shoe store; 3 living rooms; must
be gold account of sickness. 876 Fourth st.
FOR sale — Cigar stand; owner in bad x health
cause of selling. 963 Howard st. \
FOR SALE— A well establiehed harness busi-
ness In the thriving city of Chlco. For par-
ticulars call on L. D. STONE & CO. -417
Market St.. or write to box 263. Chlco".
LARKIN, 1005 — Dressmaking parlors; cheap
rent; fine location for' any other business;
housekeeping rooms, furnished; $123.
LIGHT manufacturing business;' over- half
.profit; small capital required. 576 Bryant
St., near Fourth. < - ' . . .;
WANTED— A man with $500 for half Interest
in good paying business; paying $300 month-
ly. Address box 4579. Call office. ...- - ;
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A. CAMERON & CO., - - Phone 1050.
- 3 Eddy St., cor. Market and Powell. . .
Headquarters for rooming houses, hotels and all
kinds of business chances.
23 r., near Market; lease; well fur.; $600 - ••¦
1 Jown ,...- .$2250
CO r.; rent $300; Market; clears $300 mo. SOCO
: 7r.. Van Neso; rent. $22 50; nice littleV •
home..... v- ...... ..^ 223
20 1 r. ; new, mod., elegantly furnished. .:f500
11 r.; rent $60; new," fine fur.; clears $47 &50
9 r.; Ellis; rent $35; fine home; 1 snap.".' 050
US r.; cheap, rent; clears" $300 to $400; • .
. money-maker ........................ ..S500
CO r.; rent' $95;' good fur.; clears $100. .-2000
12 r.; rent $40; close In; well fur.; sacri-
fice . . . - ... . • • •'• • • •¦."•¦"• '. •'.'•'. .:..... .-. ... ; 600
8 r.; up. flat: everything mod.; departure ; 750
3 r.; rent $20; cor.-flat; Leavenworth; •'¦'.
snap ..... ••••••• 225
j ' 43 r. : cor. ; . rent . $180; ' apartments well ¦>'-¦¦ t -•
furnished -....;....'..• ; . . . .-. 4000
3G r.; new house: furniture; clears J807 2500
S r.; rents $50;-modern;flnely. furn.... . 500
22 r.; rent $80; lease; newly,.renovated; t-.~r--'
clears S100. .............. . . ./ - .' 1850
9 r.; Geary; 1 -elegantly fur. ;» beautiful n - •
" home; 'departure ...... .... .......... ' wo
11 r.: Eddy; rent $50; well fur.; clears $38 ' 750
34 r.; fine; downtown; transient;- makes '¦ •*-.-¦•
' big money. : . ; .... . . . . . . . . ; . v. . . .". ;.'..-.. 3200
8-r.rrent $42; modern flat; elegant fur.; ; ¦ .
sickness -......"..¦.. ......... . :....:::.. . •" 400
14- r. ;. rent $75; oak- fur.; -good carpets- 900
I - 12. r.'; -close -In; well fur.; bargain.'.... .1100
I 18 r.: fine corner; new and elegantly fur. 2250 i
[ HELP .WAVTFJ) MAT.K ~«»-tt-->d.
j OPEN TO-DAY,
! SUNDAY. 9 TO 12 A. M.
[ MURRAY & READY. «K4-f3'S Clay st.
I Phone Main 5S4-*.
Leading Kmployment and Labor Ag«-nts.
1902 we gave l fm: J we'll givs
45.C0O men., work. e0,Urt> men work.
ARIZONA.
ARIZONA.
OREGON. NEVADA.
Southern Pacific and Santa Fe sy?icms; fro*
ON EVERY TRAIN.
Section hands, muckers, drillers, extra sangs
teamsters, harnmersmen.
STABLES. FARMS, ORCHARDS. EA1RISS.
Farm 'and orchard hands. ?•"•", *-">5, $tn f& ;
milkers. $;:o to 500 and found,
city, country jobs, £M> to $t;o.
3C5 woodchoipers.
2S7 t:e-a!<»ni
COOKS. WAITERS. PORTERS.
Cooks, hotels, restaurants, camps, mln~a and
ranches, city and country. $•"•> *° *~i> »r..|
found: waiters, city and country. $25 to $l.">
and found; butchers, different Jobs. $4U to
$'J0 and found.
Located Everywhere.
Laborers and teamsters, many in San Frui-
cisco. $2. $2 25.
MURRAY & READY. f.T4-gtg Clay at.
CABINETMAKERS. $3 50 DAY!
Striper and letter, all-round painter. $3 day.
2 coatmakers, $5 per coat.
2 boys, learn painting, $5.
OLD MEXICO— FKEE FARE.
Carriage trlianw, br-sa here.
Gang edgerman. lumber co.. north. $*>3 fd.
Coal miners. Oregon, -free fare, married.
Tinsmith, (3 to $3 50 day.
PLUMBERS.
3 plumbers, country. 3 months* steady Job, $t.
Cheesemaker. boss here, $15 and found.
Head logger for woods. SOUTH.
2C woodsmen, lumber co.. (33 to $85 found.
Buggy washer and harness cleaner, country.
$55.
Foreman, ' orchard and vineyard, to start.
$50 and found.
MURRAY A READY. 634-638 Clay *t.
~~ VALET.
City, flrst-clas* reference* wanted. $40 foand.
MURRAY A READY. 634-639 CUy *t.
TEAMSTER. 8 horses, lumber ct>., south, $35
and found; 5 teamsters, 4 horses $73.
Far* $2 80; 5 laborers. $67 50. ¦
Boy. machin* shop, fl to $5; boy learn palat-
ine, $4 to $5.
LOOK.
Porter and run to train, country hot*!, $30 fd.
2 waiters, same hotel, $30 found.
Cook, hotel. 50c fare, $50 found.
Cook, vineyard, few men. $30 found.
MURRAY A READY. 634-636 Clay st.
TO THE WOOD3. 7 ~ *
8 tree fellers.
4 side-hill cross-cutters.
6 laborers for woods, experienced.
So laborers, no experlenco necessary, $25 to
$S5 found.
MURRAY & READY, 634-638 Clay st.
FOR DIFFERENT
GOOD MIXES.
Machine drillers. $90.
Chuck tenders. $07 60.
Single-hand miners. $75.
Electric train trolleymen, $73.
Amalgamators, $90.
Vannerman. $75. '
Rock-breaker men, $73.
Blacksmiths, $9O.
Blacksmiths 1 helpers. $67 60.
Engineer, hoisting runner, $67 50.
50 muckers. $67 50.
Machinists. $100.
60 laborers. $67 SO.
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay St.
MR. FORBE3. employment clerk, formerly of
Ogden. please call. MURRAY A READY,
634-638 Clay «t.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanic* to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno Hous« proprietor, haa
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third «?-; 250 rooms; 2flc to BOe per night.
2-CHAIR barber shop for sale; on account of
other business. 704 Potte st.
MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed.
S. F. Barber School. 741A Howard tt.
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullls. room 40, Pbelaa
bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Tho— .ai Post.O.A.R.
McDONALD & PERRY have a. large stock of
new and second-hand shoes: cheap. 238 3d st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. nea* Mar-
ket — 700 rooms. 3So night: reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church st*.
CLASSIFIED advertisement* and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlca. 2200 FUImo— >.
A BRANCH offlc* for Call advertisement* a— 1
subscription* ha* been •»tabiuhe<! at 1096
Valencia st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, halt
price. 563 Miseion st.. bet. Ut and 2d sta.
GET your shoe* half soled while- waiting: 2So
to SOr. SCT Mission st.. bet. 1st und 2d sts.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage license* were ls*ued
J. Dunlap. 22. 665 McAllister street,
and Joale Mangan. 18. Fresno.
Holmes B. Or'.swold. 31. 7&4 O"Fan -ell street,
and Maybell Heisler. 24. Astoria, Or.
Charles E. Kan 35, 16 Natoma street, and
Eazter Biro, 31. 16 Natoma street.
Hariaa C. Kins. 29, San Lui* Obispo, and
Agne3 L. Russell. 25. 894 Fourteenth street.
Albert P. R. Chapman. 28. 36.1 Polk street,
and Eva M. Butcher. 16. 363 Polk street
Daniel T. Donovan. 21. 20 Fifth street, and
Kathsrine- G. Burns. 21, 92S Oak street.
John A. Exan. 26. 14^ Eighth street, and
Jennie Brown. 18. 645 Natoma street.
Henry M. Smith. Si. Folsom, and Louise II.
Russler, 10, Folsonj.
John C. Wserodt. 23. 628 California *treet,
and Celia Grimes. 23. 626 California street.
Edward N. Ayres. 39. city, and Eliza. C.
Schmidt. 27. 559 EUis street.
Peter Puetz, 26, 1241 Market street, and
Anna Hausl, 19, 1126 Howard street.
John J. Downs, 24, 465 Stevenson street, and
Delia Rlorden, 21. 233 Crescent avenu*.
Herbert R. Rue, 3S, city, and JMx B.
Pnrk^r 25 clt V
John'o.. Adams. 23. Oakland, and Velm* _.
Cobb. 22. Oakland.
Louis Fric. 05, 1712 Twelfth avenue. Sonta
San Francisco. . and Louisa Find. 23. 504
Broadway.
Joseph Schlederer, 22, S31 Fourth it— ist,
and Dora Hare. 22. 31 Ivy avenu*.
Andrea Muzto. 23. 14 Alvarado street, and
Luigia Podesta. 22. 117 Fair Oaks strtet.
Edward L. Acker, 2S, 459 Geary street, and
Cornelia M. Brown, 20, city.
Devi Casaleggio, 25, 017*; Greenwich street.
and Mere Molmari, 20. 617% Greenwich street.
Lulgl Giannlni. 23, SIS Erodaway. aad
Asaunta Fanucchl. 20. city.
-BlRTHS-MAREIAGES-DEim
Birth, marriage and death notice*. *»at by
mall will not be Inserted. They must b* handed
In at either of the publication offices and b«
indorsed . with the name and residence, of per-
sons authorized to have tha same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once In thi* column
freo of charge.
BORN.
BACIGALUPI — In this city. November !«.
1903, to the wife of Louis Baclgalupl. a. son.
DUNCAN — In this city, to th© wife of Rob«rt
L. Duncan, a daughter.
HAUSER — la Frultrale. November 23, 1903.
to the wife of M. G. Hauser, a sen.
.HURLEY— In this city, to tha wlfa of Daniel
. Hurley, a daughttr.
PAULSEN— In this city, November 19, 1800.
- Xo tha wife of Charles G. Paulsen. a boy.
POPE— In this city. November 10, 1903, to
the wife of C. J. A. Pope, a son.
RAYMOND— In this city. November 24. 19W.
to the wife of F. C. Raymond, a daughter.
MABBIED.
BELMORE— HART— tn this city, November
26, 1903. by the Rev. John A. B. Wilson.
D. D., Mark B.-lrr.or« and Blanche A. Hart.
both of Santa Cruz.
BRANNAN— KRUG— In Santa Rosa. Novem-
ber 25, 190P.. by Rev. Monroe II. Alexander.
¦ G. Clark Brannan of Petaluroa and Anna
Agnes Krus of San Francisco.
CLOSE— SIMMEXS— In this city, November
2$. 1U0U. ¦ by ths Rev. C. N. Lathrop of th*
Church of the Advent. Charles ?. Close and
Christine Stamens, both of San Francisco.
EMMINGTON— EDENEORG— In this city. No-
vember 2ti. 1903, by ths Rev. John A. B.
Wilson, D. D. v . Frank A. Emmlngton. of
Suisun and Certa H. Kdenborg of Rio Vlsta.
GERISCn— MAHNKE— In this city. Novem-
ber L'o. 1003. by the Rev. J. Fuend«ilng,
Edward Gertsch and Catkarlna F. Mahnke.
H-WCSOV — THOMAS — In this city, November
16,' 1003. by the Rev. John A. B. Wilson.
D. D., Adolph Hanson of t-aa Francisco and
Maude Thomas of Oakland.
MICHENFELDER— DOGAN— In thi* city, by
the Rev. J. Fuendellng, Henry Mlcheafelder
and Kmllle.Dogan. :
PURLENKY— HINK— In this city. at St.
Mack's Church, by the-Kov. J. Kuendetln?.
Oeorg* P. Purlenky, M. IX, and Alma -M-
lllnk.
REICHEL— MAUCH--ln this* city. November
25. laoa, by the Rev. J. Fuendetlns, Pau'
Rudolph Relchel and Emma S. Mauch.
WILSON — COWELL— In this city, Novetnb«'
25, 190::, by the Rev. John A. B. Wltoor.
1). Tt., Aaron E. Wilson r>? San Franciso
r.nd Endly E.- Cowell of.Lalhro».
WOODS— RUTTER— In this city. Novemb<r
27. llKtt. by the Rsv. J. Fuendellng. Geon«
, W. Wood* cf BrcokUne. Mass.. and Louka
D. Rutter cf Watertown. Wla. "•
DIED.
\ Ankerson. Ira belle. Kelly. Mlcha*! J. ,
Arjo. Manuel. Kendall.- Vale_tlas>
Becker. Karl. Korb. William A.
. Braud. Annie. Langeron. ErnestiM.
Bullwlnkel, J. F. Jr. Lower. John B.
"ilKKTIXr.S— ¦ SI'XnAY— Contlnneil.
AT Matter Adepts. 1239 Market «t.. test circle.
Sun.. Tues., Thur., Frl.^ve.;_readings daily.
I S«fT Egyptian. Hindoo occult: reeds dally; cir-
cles \\"«1.. Frl., Sun.. 3 i>. m. 541) KIM'S gt.
TKSTS front liall. l»0t) Market «t., 2-S; Mia.
! PltroSr, Dr. Cowan. -Mr. Wilson; 10c.
j^i MEET1XG NOTICES.
t ,....., ¦. i ¦¦¦'
ALTA Lodge No. 205. I. O. O. F.— - ?^__TJ3 & .
Initiation MONDAY. NCV. • 1O '^_gfflfc_fc-
Election of officers :.Iu.\ n.K\ . -iJSS^jjJZ-
LVc 7. All members, are re-' «*5l~5~'
nested to attend^ 1gnt/ x . c .
B. F. LEDFORU, . Roc. See.
EXCELSIOR Lod_e No. 310. t. O. ' s*gC_«j,
O_ F. i'l ¦'• Hoard t'f i ' < ' nora -iiy^Si^lj
Relief will Day us * fraternal '"^ijZgS&g??
visit MONDAY KVENIXG, Nov.
SO Meml^ers are earr.estly requested to D*
present, VUitlng , o .
M. HAWKINS. R^J^ ¦
LOYAL Golden Gate Lodge No. .•___!_*_
7180, I. O. O. I". M. V. — El ec - ¦>'>¦? '^^_^i
tion'of office-. •
F. ROBETRTS. N. G. ¦^MfS?'
H. I. .WILSON. **¦ S.
ST ANDREW'S Society— The f orty- <C? 5t-
first anniversary of the society will *MM/2
be celebrated by a banquet in the "^X**
Palace Hotel on MONDAY EVEN-
ING the :tCth of November. Tickets can be
procured from John Reid, 78 Geary St.. and
the Hansen _: KlrickyCo^jyjOMor.tgomery et.
'St! ANDREW'S Society— Members
are requested to attend the funeral Su-,7
of our late fellow member. JO- >K»vX_JS
SEPH P. COCHRAK, from the ""a^? 1 * •
Centre! Meth'cdlct Church. Mission et., be-
tween Sixth and Seventh, at 2 o'clock on
Tuesday afternoon.
P. LIVINGSTON DUNN, President.
J. BLACK. Secretary. •
LABORERS' Protective Union No. S944-rNo-
tlce is hereby given that a special meeting
of this union will be held at Teuton!* Hall,
1320 Howard etreet. on Tuesday,. December 1..
at 8 p. m., ' for the purpose 'of voting on
two proposed amendments- to the "constitu-
tion and by-laws. All members are re-
quested to be sure and attend;
M. O'LEARY, Pre*.
W. J. JOYCE, Fin. Sec.
THE California Debris Commission having re- :
ceived application to mine by hydraulic pro-
cm from Omega Placer Mining Co., In
Oir.ega Placer Mine, near Washington, Ne-
. vada County, Cal.. draining into Scotch-
Bcotchmana Creek. • which reaches Yuba
P.lver; from W. H. • Murchle. in Murchl-*
Mine, near Nevada C!t>;. Nevada County,
Cal.. draining Into Deer Creek, which i
reaches Yuba River; and from W. "I. Wad- j
lelgh. In Badger Mine and Liberty Hill
Mine, near Dutch Flat, Nevada County. Cal.,
draining into Stum? Canyon, which readies
Bear River, gives notice that a meeting will j
be held at room' 96. Flood building, San i
Francisco. Cal.. Dec. 7. 1903. at 1:30 p.- m. ;
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call, j
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year-:
AGENTS WANTED. {
WANTED — Agenta to sell splendid article to
housekeepers: all want it; one agent made
• $100 In ten days in October; only reliable,
indubtrious agents need auply; new article;
rt*dv seller; big commissions. AddresT Jubi-
lee lion Co., Omaha. Nebr., 1SC3.
$50 wkly. & expF.; sample free; great money-
maklng Invention; automatic washer; does a
¦washing -In 30 min.: no labor or attention; In- ;
destructible; everybody buys; agents coining I
money; -thousands of testimonials. Automatlo
Washer Co., Station U. Chicago.
BEGIN business for yourself ; stop working for
others; we start you in profitable mall order
business at home; pleasant work; Immense
profits;' unlimited possibilities; full Informa-
tion for stBDBp. Franklin-Howard Co., Den-
ver, Colo. ,
IF you would rather let porch climbers and
burglars have your Jewels' than to pay $5
for an absolute detector, that is your busi-
ness. Sole agency. 400 Rlalto building.
AGENTS — An agency for a proposition that Is
a decided improvement on building and loan
U worth having. Great Western Improve-
ment Company. Parrctt building.
atto h, n e y s- at-l aav.
~~~ w7~hT~bittnerT~
attorney. and counselor at law.
Advioe free. Phone South 748.
Eult 322. Emma Spreckels building.
Dlvcrc«e quietly and legally obtained for
•right causes; damages secured- for Injuries to
percon or estate; replevins for property un-
lawfully detained; attachments and garnish-
ments for lebts; bonds furnished; bankruptcy
proctedinpH; wills probated; estates settled;
collections made In all carts of the U. 8.
,. ADVICE FREE.
OLD ESTABLISHED.
COLUMBIAN LAW & COLLECTION AGENCY
Able attorneys. Km. 85. 916 Market, oppoalt*
Emporium. Bad tenants ejected speedily and
reasonably. Collections, no matter how small,
attended to: attachments; bonds furnished; cor-
porations organized; civil and criminal practice.
Tel. John 6226. Open evenings by appointment.
We solicit an Interview with you.
A PRIVATK. quick divorce for a small fee.
tee me and save money; no pay in advance.
G. W. HOWK. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
Established 22 ? tt.; rms. 1. 2. 3, 4 _ C, Ut fl.
1122 Market St., between Mason and Taylor.
Advice free, all matters. Detectlvea employed.
AA — THE Legal Advisory. Inc.: reliable attor-
neys; practice in all courts; attachments, di-
vorce, estates, bankrvptcy, probate. 611.
611A. 511B Crossley' bldg.. N. E. cor. New
Montgomery and Mission sts.; tel. John 2926.
ROBT. W. KING, atty-at-law. Examiner bid.,
room Oil; all caseji, damages, estates, wills,
attachments, collections, etc., consultation
free: no advance charges; call or write;'
evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
ADVICE free — I will advance cost In meritori-
ous cases, divorces, probate and all other law
cases; no feea in advance; open every even-
lng. J. M. THURSTON. 819 Market St.. r. 81.
DIVORCE costs $12; open evening's; tenants
ejected. $5. 916 Market. r.C2;phone Black C51.
DIVORCE — Costs. $12; quick, quiet; advica
free; open evenings. 927 Market Et.. r. 301.
, DIVORCE costs $12; quick and quiet: open
evenings. Examiner building, .room 315.
L 6. CLARK. Emma. Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket Ft.: consultation free; no fees In advance.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful: all
la— business. W. W. Davidson. 027 Market.
BIRDS, DOGS, ETC.
WARBLING canaries, talking parrots; all
kinds of song and fancy birds: goldBsh. aeed
rages, etc. Give us a trial; we will please
you. 1543 Market at.
BOARDING 'FOR CHILDREN.
A MIDDLE-AGED lady would board 2 or 3
grown children reasonable. 014 Howard st.
CSEDZT CZ.OT~-~SS.
C. F. ADAMS~c6?~~~ ~~ ~ ""
SPECIAL CREDIT STORE. ¦¦>.'.¦; '¦-.?.
We clothe the whole family from hats to
shoes; everything up to date at cash prices.
Credit for all. 318 Mascn st.
BUYi. your suits and overcoats at LICHTEN-
ETEIN BROS., 25 Stockton st., on —nail
weekly payments; goods delivered i on first
payment.
BKSINESS^JCHAXCES. ~~
A REGULAR INCOME GUARANTEED.
By
JOHN R. PEARSON & CO. (Incorporated).
5 to 7 per cent weekly on accounts of $25 and
upward has be*n earned and paid by this com-
pany since January 1, 1903. Our grand success
is undoubtedly the result of our strict adher-
ence to conservative methods.
-Percentage Percentage Percentage
Is our aim and the secret of our success. Posi-
tively no stock, oil. mining or betting proposi-
tion, but a perfectly legitimate business enter-
prise. Immune from\the vicissitudes of the
f peculator, yet earning for our patrons rnoro
actual net profit than they ever believed possi-
ble. Every dollar Invested Is subject to with-
drawal on demand and It is with pride that we
can say we have never lost a dollar for any
subscriber nor failed to return in full, upon re-
que.t, all of a subscriber's original Investment.
¦ You can easily verify the- truth of our state-
ments. Bona-fide Investors In your own local-
ity should convince you. Unquestionable bank-
ing references, together with our- handsome
free booklet, will be sent you upon . request.
Address all communications to
JOHN R. PEARSON & CO.,
225 Dearborn St., Chicago.
I - ' ' ¦ ¦ '• ;
LET YOUR MONEY WORK FOR YOU.
EACH—
5100.00 .
Invested with us '"., ':'..- :
has earned
$70.00
In 13 weeks. .;;:•
Average profit over 5 per cent per week.
Indorsed by hundreds of satisfied Investors.
Amounts of $25 and upward received
l'rofitu sent Tuesday i of each week.
Accounts Mibject to withdrawal on - demand.
Send for our free booklet. Address
THE AMERICAN ASSURANCE ASS'N.
(Incorporated.)
121 Geary St.. _ San Francisco.
MONEY In squabs; big "profits, small expense-
beats poultry; easy for women ami invalids;
circular free; our equab manual' explains
everything; free to purchasers or " 23c post-"
paid.- Philadelphia Squab Co., 2039 East
York sL. Philadelphia. Pa.
CI-AinVOYAKTS— -Cnntlnnri!.
10c. .......... ..... . ioc ..... . . . . . . . , .10c
THE ORIGINAL ROMANY GYPSY QUEENS.
The only real fortune tellers; your past.
present and future an open book; and they
. tell It truly; no fairy tales, no faking; come
and '.see. them.' .
,^ ¦ 2S5 Geary st.. 'near Powell.
10c. :¦........>... . . 10c . . . : .10c
CARJP^T^MEATiyQ AND CLEAXIXG.
AIR compressed. : dry. Ice cold. Is now univer-
sally used | In sanitary j cleaning carpets. ' on
-floor.' without removal or Injury;- prices mod-
erate. Apply S.; F. COMPRESSED AIR
; CLEANING CO.. Call bid.; »>hone Main 5237.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
1 Ing Works. 355-357 Tehama st:: tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-'
I St.: Al cleaning; 3c; tel. Mission 223.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating~Co. J. McQueen
proprietor, 329 Guerrero/t., tel. Mission 49*.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Maln394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Propn.
| RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
j reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating "Works,
333 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
BAD tenants "ejected for $4: collections made;
city- or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 41S Mnntrom»-. room » B-10: tel. BS8B.
COPARTXEnSHIP KOTICES.
¦WANTED— Partner with $700; ..well eatabllsh-
ed real estate brokerage business office work:
located . Broadway. Oakland: $200 month and
over guaranteed. Address box 858. Call or-
i flee.. Oakland.
CPBES BUPTUBE. i
WHO DOES IT? HUNTER. 1200 Market eu
Send for circular. Why will you mifferT
i Sii5.^5^J5!5I^L^l? SEAMSTRESSES
McDowell-dressmaking
and millinery school. !
Thorough Instruction In all branches.
Our pupils hold first-class positions.
Imported patterns. Evening class.
¦ '-¦¦->¦ 1019 Market- ctl, abov* Sixth.
ACCORDION, sunburst & K*nlfe plaiting Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory. 11U Taylor.
McDOWELL Dressmaking _ Millinery School —
Patterns cut to measure;eve.class. 1019 Mrkt.
FINANCIAL.
INVESTMENTS.
WE BUY and SELL STOCKS and BONDS
of all the MINING, -OIL, LOAN. BANKS,
INSURANCE and. INDUSTRIAL COMPANIES.
Send us your offer, or bids on anything; we
can fill your Order and save you from 10 to 80
per cent on the market price of almost any
Investment. #
At the present time we will BUY;
2000 New York Grass Valley.
1000 Mt. Jefferson (Pref. A Com.).
1000 Golconda.
3000 Draper.' » '
1000 Verde- King.
10O Alaska Central > Rly. - Pref. .
2000 Eastern Con. Oil.
SOCO Potomac Oil.
1000 Olympic. :- r f: ¦
and we will sell. In lots to suit:.
; ; 500 Golconda* 17
50 Abbey Effervesoent Salt $50.00
200 P. B. Stelfer Mln. Coy 2.50
250 Alaska Cen. Rly..... ....... 5.75
[ 3500 Palmer Mountain .10
500 Qwln Mines 7.25 -
I 1500 Dahney Oil .Ki
1000 American Oil & Refinery Coy 2.25
; and many others at very attractive prices con-
tained In our market letter of 50l> genuine bar-
gains, sent. free, on request. Correspondence
invited. Impartial advice given to intending
Investors. Guaranteed Dividend paying ¦ In-
vestments • our - Specialty. - - '
WATT AND COWPER-THWAITE,
. BanKera and Brokers,
.- - - - Stockton,' CaL
COMPANIES Incorporated, financed and stock
floated. W. H. BITTNER, Lawyer and Fl-
- nancial Arent. 322 Emma Spreckcls bldg.
rAOIAX MASSAGE.
A — WRINKLES removed; fine complexion guar-
anteed, cew method ; 50c. M. LUTON. manl-
curing parlors. 764 Larkln St.; phona Polk 17.
-. FDnMTDRE WANTED.
, HIGHEST price for furniture and mdse. L. H.
BURD, auctioneer, ISIS Mkt. ;tel. Howard 2756.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4492.
. buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
HELP WASTED FBUALB.
WANTED— 2 cooks, little washing. $30, $35;
cook, country. 535; cook, small hotel, country,
$35; parlor maid, $30; 3 second girls, $20, $25;
chambermaid, private family, $20; dormitory
girl, ,$20; dining-room girl, sanitarium, $20;
chambermaid and waiting, resort, $25, [ fare
here; 3 laundresses. $30, city and country;
2 waitresses willing to teach, $5 week; 2
nurse girls, $20, $25; general housework girl,
Santa Barbaia, $35, 2 family, fare paid, sea
lady to-day; Do general housework girls, city
and country, good places and best of wages.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter.
WANTED — Man and wife for a private place;
wages $50; see lady this office,- Monday,- 10
o'clock. J. F. CROSETT. & CO., 334 Sutter.
AN assistant nurse for children for "San .Ra-
fael, $25. MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter St.,
near Powell. . , • ¦
A — WANTED — Girls to learn hairdreestng,
manicuring, etc. : trade taught . from A to —
- In 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to Oil immediately; positions guaran-
1 tfed at $10 per -week up; leading school la
West. 233 Geary St., room 13. ¦ ¦ -
A — Girls to learn millinery. now for spring cea-
- son; both seasons taught from start to finish
in 1 month for $10; positions as trimmers.
.salesladies, etc., guaranteed at $10 per wk. up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton st., r. 13.
A — LADIES to learn all branches batrdresslng
trade; manicuring, massage, etc' 1236 Mar-
ket ft., cor.' Jones, room 94; position* secured
at.hlghert wages: day and eve. class; call.
A— CUTTER on ladles' i and children's wear,'
with or without experience. 056 Mission' st.,
third, floor. .
A — OPERATORS wanted on ' ladies' under-
wear; good pay. 656 Mission St., 3d floor.
A-^-OPERATORS on children's woolen dresses
and coats. 656 Mission ct.; third floor.
A WAITRESS for one week's work; $1 a day;
all . expenses paid. Call MISS- PLUNKETT.
425 Sutter St., near Powell, fi
6EWINO MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS; NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAU8S tt CO.'B
FACTORIES. 32^4 FREMONT .-ST. AND 1S7J
. MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
OPERATORS wanted Ton ..all parts of 'shirts;
high-speed machines: best prices for work of
any factory. ULMAN; ..SEELIGSOHN _
BROWN; 19 -Battery st. ' -
WANTED — Young lady to learn trapeze -act to
'- travel with tent show. Call • at New Man-
chester House, Sixth and Mission sts., room
, .44. Sunday and Monday at 8 p. m. r I _
FUR sewers I who can use a . machine : or hand
sewing; . state what experience -and wages
¦ wanted;' hours 8 to 5, with ; half hour for
lunch. Box 2088. Call -of flee. -
LADIES -do, plain, sewing home during spare
. time, . $8 to $15 paid material free;
Address Weber Mfg. Co., Branch G, Union
bulldlnc, New. York. :
LADIES- to do* piece-work.. home; — e furnish
materials, and^pay. from $7-to $12 weekly.
8end stamped envelope to Royal Co., 34' E
/¦ Monroe et.. : Chicago. , - -
AN 'experienced stenographer, for ¦ Arizona;
-wages $75. < Apply L. & M. ALEXANDER,
.110; Montgomery st. . . v .,
YOUNG girl wanted to take care of child and
. assist- with- housework: ?15 wages. .Call ;43O
.Bush st.. -between 2 and 4, this day. -•¦¦',-'
SALESLADIES for various departments. Ap- '
.•ply:Monday and -Tuesday,. superintendent's i
¦'. office, Tho, Emporium. -.,. -; . , :
WANTED-Two earnest • well-bred women, !
. .capable, of earninsr good Income,' for position i
of trust. Box"2907. Call.
EXPERIENCED operators on ladles'- waist*;
" steady;- work: >good: pay. -28 Flrat st ~- S.
-j KOENIGSTEIN. = r_i - V .-
YOUNG/glrl to: assist .with housework. Call
Monday? between. '0 ' 12 -o'clock,' ; 3120
. Twenty-flrst: St.- • " ¦ ' -,
L.VDIES. $30 per 100 writing letters; no de-
posit: no can vaesinpr. '."Address Ladles' Sup-
ply Co.. . Dept. A. N.. Indianapolis.* Ind. /
L-\DIESha\-ing. dollies, center pieces. Batten-
•v berp. v drawn work to sell^ address ' Ladles'
1 • Exchange/ 34 '¦> D ' Monroe ; et..": Chicago. , .
LADIES-^-Profltable ' home \Work ; - $9 to $15
">. weekly;, material free; no canvassing; steady
¦ work;- /Address : Surety Co.\; Chicago.' -»• -•;!
EXPERIENCED • cashier, middle-aged ; " refer- '
_° «nce. required. ¦ Box: 2OS4,'. Call office. , .
.GIRL " to ; assist ; and - care for ' one ' chi Id $15
; Call 1 1351 Grove st.. - between 8 and T. 10. -.
DANCING; two . assistants. Apply " PROF
- FINDLAY. 3445 Seventeenth st. ¦ -y . '
W ANTED^-GIrl . to assist ' In' light ' housework
*."294;.Valencla'.st.r : -- .-¦¦;.¦, ¦ ,^--u-,..:/ ¦ :¦-. ... -.-.'-
A LADY of indomitable energry to make money
f and , a » convincing talker. . : F." PERSON '-477
, and 478 Parrott bulldin*. * , '
HELPAVAXTED — FEMAJLE— Con.
WANTED— A girl for second work. 2435 Fill-
more st.; call Monday. moraine:. .
I LADY agents; liberal Inducements. . Call at
j room 7C2 Alto bldg., -cor. Bush and Kearny.
GIRL — General housework and -cooking; tmall
. family. : 423 >Jaker ¦ st. . ¦
WANTED— Woman to take baby's washing.
' Apply 2415 Octavla st. ¦
EXPERIENCED . saleslady for candy store.
140U Polk St.. after 10 a. m. ' ¦
¦WANTED— Stock girl. ilULRONEY, 110
Geary st-~ - . " ¦¦ ¦¦' "
LADY compositor;. steady Job: state experience
and wages wanted. Box 2094. Call office.
WANTED— Artist's model; young Creole pre-
f erred. Box 2998. Call office.
WANTED — Experienced cloak and . suit sales-
lady. . Apply Eastern Outfitting Co.. 636
Thirteenth st.. cor. Clay. Oakland.
WANTED— - Woman to do general housework
in country. Call 2512 FoUom >t.
WANTED— A woman for plain cooking and
light housework. 513 Pacific st. >^
WANTED — Girls for Belvedere Dance Hall In
Vallejo; board and room free. 114 Seventh.
3 WAITRESSES; S hours a day; Sunday off.
Apply ti22 Post st. -
CASHIER for restaurant; experience and ref-
erences asked: no fee. Apply 9 to 11 a. m..
Restaurant Keepers' Association, 6 Eddy
St.. room 46. -
SALESLADIES for laca department. . Apply
Superintendent'* Office. Emporium. .
CANVASSERS wanted: permanent employment.
Room 9.- St. Elmo, \ SOS U, 15th St.. Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS stenographers furnished. Mia*
M. Q. Barrett. Instructor. 302 Montgomery.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch- office, cor. Duncan * Church sta.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subucrlptions
received at Call branch office, 22CO Flllmore at.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
subscriptions haa . been established' at 1094
Valencia st. - - ¦- "
HELP . WASTED— MALE.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
520 Sacramento st. 520 ,- ¦
Phone Main 1191. Cor. Lelde*dorff at.
CHICO. BUTTE COUNTY. CHICO.
Ship Monday night. HALF FARE.
30 2 and 4 horse teamsters, f 2 25 and $2 60
day. HALF FARE.
B farmers, , $26 found. CARPENTERS.
3 shaft miners, south, 8 hours, $90; 2 miners,
$75.
OFFICE OPEN TO-DAY, SUNDAY. 10 to 12.
CAMP cook, $65 and found; general blacksmith,
city. Cal. Emp. Agency. 59 Third st.
TRAVELING salesman for California; no tech-
nical knowledge, but active, all-around hust-
ler; established, well-rated house. F. R.
JENNINGS. Detroit, . Mich.
¦ ~—~ — ¦
A YOUNG man living with parents, about 18
yean of age, accurate at figures, rapid leg-
ible handwriting and good address, can se-
cure position in large wholesale house; ref-
erences. Box 3400. Call.
EXCELLENT positions open for clerks, sten-
ographers, . bookkeepers and traveling sales-
men; good salaries. Address Am. Industrial
Bureau, Chlcaco. 111.
WANTED — Bookbinder. on« who understands
ruling: steady position. Apply to K. W.
PRIDHAM, 112 North Los Angeles St., Los
Angel«g, Cal. .
EXCEPTIONALLY attractive line to salesmen
& dealers; large commissions; weekly; staple,
easy seller, vest pocket sample. Address B.
E. LE VERT, Roe bldg., St. Louis, Mo.
WANTED everwhere — Hustlers to tack signs,
distribute circulars,' samples, etc. ; no canvass-
ing; good- pay. Sun Adv. Bureau. Chicago.
WE pay $32 weekly and expenses to men with
rigs to sell Doultry; compound: year's con-
tract. -Imperial Mfg.'Co., -D54. Parsons, Kan.
DETECTIVES wanted; no experience; rare op-
portunity; work Interesting. Address Slaters
Detective Agency, 132 Nassau St.. New York.
WANTED men everywhere — good pay; to dis-
tribute circulars, adv. matter, tack sisrns,
. etc. ; no canvassing. * Nat. Adv. Bureau, Chi.
F.IIammar Paint Co., St. Louis, Mo. ($500,000
paid-in capital), want salesmen - on liberal
commissions; references required. . .
TRAVELING salesman for Calif., capable of
results; btaple line to country merchants;
bond required. - Box 608. St. Louis, Mo.
"WANTED — At once, experienced traveling
salesman for Calif.; none other need apply.
Address Drawer S.. Chicago.
BARBER trade taught in one month, new
method. Western College of Barbers, room
111. No. g Eddy Et., fifth floor.
, WANTED-^-Young man who Is an experienced
dry goods wrapper. Apply between 9 and 11
a., m. at HALE EROS.'
: WANTKD — Grown boy or middle-aged man
who has some knowledge of the retail liquor
bU3lnet>s. 125 -Third st. '
YOUNG man, German or German-American, to
work in pork and delicacy store; references.
Apply 3008 Sixteenth st. ' --.
WANTED — Strong errand boy. Apply Monday
. bet. 8 and 10 a. m., shipping clerk. 529 and
C31 Market st.
i WANTED — Reliable young man for delivery
wagon. , SCHRADER BROS., 1342 Market.
EXPERIENCED grocery salesman wanted.
Apply superintendent's office, the Emporium.
WANTED — Hand finishers on men's etraw
hats. Union Hat Co.. 578 -Mission st.
YOUNG man to .learn, painting; 1 •brefer one
with some experience; Sunday. 39S1 25th st.
DETECTIVES— Everywhere, good J salary: no
experience. Jntl; Detect. Agency, Milwaukee.
DANCING — Two assistants. Apply/ PROF.
FINDLAY. 3445 17th st.
BOY to work on picture frames; $3 week to
start. Apply Sun. or Mon., Strell, 927 Howard
FUR cutter who understands all kinds of fur
* manufacturing. Box 2087. Call office.
GOVERNMENT positions — More than 13,000
- appointments last, year; chances even- better
now; examinations in every State; thousands
prepared by Nat'l Corres. Inst.. Washington.
D. C, the originators of this work, are now
In the service. Write for circular J-l. show-
ing positions, salaries, examinations, sample
questions, etc., to our Pacific Coast Office,
927 Market st., San Francisco, Cal. . .
UNCLE SAM wants help; 14,000 appointments
last year: ; free examination paper and cat*
alog giving positions and salaries. Dept. Q.
Western Correspondence University, San
Francisco. . • - •
GOOD salary and expenses paid to a man who
Is ambitious and . willing to work; responsi-
ble position; good references and' security re-
quired: -splendid chance for right man. Ad-
dress box 271,' Sacramento. Cal.
SALESMEN for .best line advertising novelties,
signs, calendars, that ¦ will be shown next
year;, send references. -Bell Novelty Adver-
tising Co., Bellefontalne. Ohio. - • -
WANTED— Salesman , In new . and second hand
furniture store; one . well acquainted and
posted In the business; no other need apply
H. SCHELLHAAS, 408 Eleventh st... Oakland!
WHY pay big price* to have your shoes half-
soled when you can get It done for 25c. 6©o
and 60c -while you wait at 663 MlS3lon St..
: bet. 1st and 2d sts.. or. 11 Third st.T * ¦-. ,.-
A. MAN of Indomitable energy and push, a good
talker, enger to make money. F. PERSON
477, and 478 Parrott bulldlnjr. ... '.
TINSMITH, good workman, for Jobbing "work
J. . H. BLAKEWA Y. 305 Howard st.
ACTIVE boj_ for wholesale house; state ago
and experience. Box 4501. Call.
FIRST-CLASS saloon porter wanted at 15"
East st., corner Howard; wages 1 $12 a week"
. call early.
TRY our. men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
•1 00 pair; foot-form sao«s at $2 50; w« pay
express or mall charges. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid.
TWO-CHAIR barber shop for sale cheap"
WILL & FINCK CO.. SIS Market st. - . TT
MEN to learn barber trade; good positions fur-
nished. Apply Cll Commercial st.
TRY our men's :shoe»,? cnlcn- made, at $1 and
-- Si 60 per pair, foot-form shoes at $2 50. or
-orthopedic shoes, $.1 50: bsst shoes on *>arth. 11
• ' Third 'St:. Exam: bldg.. 5 doon from Market.
IF you ' are . not satisfied with your salary, we
have an opening whereby. yt»u can earn lesrlti-
. motely, $40 weekly;, gentlemanly occupation -
' good address, business knowledge, necessary"
Royal Mercantile Co.. suite 19. Columbian bldl
A' PLEASANT faced, fine, appearing, rood sur-
geon: positively no : others must be between
40 and 55 and good case taker: no traveling"
salary about $150. Box 4717. Call office. '
VTANT;_D— For U. :8. Marln* C«r»_ Iw~*
bodied jjnmarrled men, between 21 aad^T
good^ character; roust speak, read and writ.
English ; marines iwrvj- at '¦ sea on men-Vf!
war Ja an part* of the world, on land i? our
Uland possessions, and at naval stations »a
th^Unltjd States. Apply at rooming oN
J° B3IU "• - San Francisco. - CaL. »»d
» 401 K , »t.. Sacramento. Cal.
WANTED— An all-around bookbinder- en* who
can do, forwarding .and finishing ' on full
7 SP&^g*; s^ BORy - ¦¦ T^jg
"^..r-Sl- Tecur^gooS X^.'^
mailed t free. ; MOI_R System fcoll^^S
- day- st. ?5gBrTwl*TBTWBBtMKBH|
PENSION ATTY.- M; HARRIS. 40 EUU st. • U
year* . practice; reference* from thousands of
- rmona for whom I har« aecurrf MSoal-
¦ ¦ ,. ¦"¦--¦
rHrRCH/ SEBViCRS. • ' I
UNITARIAN Church (First). S. W. cor. Gr:iry
and Franklin Bt«.— U«»v. Bradford Ltavitt. i
minister: Itev. Bradford Leavitt and Chwri** I
A. Murdock. 6Ui>erint«-ii<Jcntt Of Sunday- I
nchrxil Junior church and Hunday-Bchoul j
are n 10 o'clock; morning service it at 11 j
o'clock; ther* Ik no evening scrx-ice. Parents
may leave chll<Ii«n In the kindergarten room |
during service. Il«-v. Mr. Leavltt will preaci'. I
<<ubjtct. "'Is Tl\l* a Good World?" Special
murte by the cbolr uader direction of 11.
Bretr-enck. organist^
UNITARIAN Chtsrch (Second), corr.er Twen-
tieth and Capp MR. uaks Mi«slon or Valencia
*t. cam)— The Rev. Jay Wllltam Hudson,
nilnlster: rcsSdeoc*, 5iiO Capp et. The Bun-
day-school mec-.e ct 9:45 o'clock, Mr. W. t\
Maxvell. puiH:rlntenc!ont; at the morning ser-
vice fet 11 o'clock tlse Hev. Jay WlUlaci Hud- ,
i»on will preach: sul.ject, "A lSodern^Sermon
From an Ancient Monastery": music by or-
chestia and choir, under the direction of
Mr. Jabish Ci^mrni. All the seats are free.
No ever.ins «ervice.. c _____
PLYMOUTH Cor.trirgaticr.al Church, I'ost ft..
near Webster — Bcv. I. C. Mescrve, D. D.,
psistor. Fenrieer. ft 11 a. m. and 7:45 p. m.
. Th« menthly musical service will \jf held In
the evet^tig. Mlsa lv»rothy Go«xinell will ting
the foprano nolo. '"The Day I" Ended" i
(Bartlett). with violin obllgato by Arthur
V.oung. Captain C. E. Bykeai will play .
"Meditation' (C«llxa Levallo) on the cornet.
C, K. Young v.ii! «;ng the bass boI», "Lead, i
KI:i0;.v Llcht" <Georg« Aitken). The choir
will- render :r.e anthem, "O. Give ThanUs j
Unto the Lord" <E. A. Sydenham). The ,
pastor w-111 speak on •T>i" City as It Should \
Be.", the fifth in the swrirs on Civic and j
• Social Rlrtiteousnees^ '
FIRST Congregational Church, corner cf Pott !
and Masnn ttr. — Uev. George C. Adams, V. }
I)., j>astor, will preach at both services. At j
11 a. m.. topic. -He Shall Have Dominion
From £ea to Sea"; at 7:43 p. m.. a service
• cf song; *r*-clal music by the choir, assisted
by the Knickerbocker Quartet; Samuel D.
Mayer* organist and director; address by the j
pastor, topic, "Seeking and Finding." All !
are cordially Invited.
TJIIRI> Congregational, Fifteenth et., near
Mlssien— Hev. William Rader, raster; reai-
. • dence. 328 Haignt st.; phone Park S2A. 11 a.
m.. "The Sermon In Nazareth" : 7:30 p. m..
"Hose* and th* Unturned 'Cake"; fourth in
eerie* on tha " 'Seers."
'FIRST Pi-styterian Church. Vtn Ness ave. and
Sacramento i>t. — Rev. William Kirk Guthrle,
partor. Morning service 11 o'clock, eermon
by Rev. J. S. Mcftitoth. D. D.. president o£
San Frtncipco Theological Seminary: evening
t-ervlce, 7:30 <''clock; frrmon by R«?v. W. K.
Guthrie; subject. "The Fmure Life — Egyp-
tian Beliefs"; 5at<fcaih-*chool 12:30 p. m. : }
Christian Endeavor societies 5:15 p. m. and
«J:15 j>. m. Wednefwlay, 8 r- m., n:ld«_eek i
service. All are cordially Ir.vlted. j
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner Jack-
son «cd Flllmore streets — Rev. John Hemp-
hill. D. D.. pastor. Morning service at 11
o'clock: sermon 1 topic. "On Pitching One's
Tent Toward Sodom." Evening service st
7-:3* o'clock; wrmon topic, "On Judging by
the Appeacance." The pastor will preach at
both cervices, fabbath school at 9:;W> a. m..
orrtieetral mur'sc. Christian Endeavor meet-
¦ lnjj at t»:30 p. m. Prayer meeting Wednes-
day evening at 8 o'clock. All are cordially
invlfd.
WESTMINSTER Presbyterian Church, corner
Webstef and Page sts. — ftaight, Flllmore
and Hayes Et. cars convenient. Morning
service at 11. o'clock. Sermon by Rev. J. T.
Wills, D. It. Theme. "Things We Should
I^eave- for Christ," and in the evening at
7:45. theme. "Our City in Its Relations and
Responsibilities to the World." Sunday-
school at »:.HO a. m. Christian Endeavor at
c:3O p. m. I'rayfr meeting every Wednesday
evenftu:. All invited and welcome.
SIMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church, corner Hayes and Buchanan sts. —
Rev. John Stephens, partor. Publis worship
p-l 11 a. rfi. and 7:30 p. m.; Sunday -school at
J2:."5O p. m., C. B. Perkins, superintendent;
I*pT.-orth Leasrue at 0:30 p. m.. Dr. R. O.
Moody, president; the pastor will preach at
11 a. m. on "Our Transfiguration" and at
T -30 £«• m. on "The Permanence of Charac-
ter." Seats free. All Invited.
Ci-NTRAL M. E. Church— At the morning
wervlcr Rev. George K. Glider, a returned
missionary, wN> has spent tweuty-flve years
in India, will rrieak. la the evening the
p.istor. Rev. George W. White, will preach.
Sunday-BChool at 12:45, Rolla V. Watt, su-
perintendent. Young people's meetings at
»i:15. Sacred concert from 7:30 to S. Every-
body welcome.
TRINITY Church, corner Bush and Gough
sts. — Rev. Frederick W. Clampett, D. D.,
rector. Holy communion. 7::$0 a. m.
day-sci«col. 9:30 a. nv. Morning service. 11
o'clock. People's one-hour service. 8 p. m.
I Rector will preach at both services.
FIRST Barest Church. 320 Eddy et— Preach-
, Ing 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m. by Rev. Thomas
cjJaldwln. D.D. Bible-school. 12:30 p. m.;
topic, "David's Charge to Solomon."
ft.Tirlstlan Endeavor meetings 0:30 p. m. All
; »«-a?s free.
FIRST Church of Christ. Scientist. Central
block. 223 Sutter st.. bet. Kearny and Grant
, ave. — Christian Science service at 11 a. m. ;
u rubject of let-son-sermon, "God the Only
Causr and Creator." Sunday school for chll-
l dpen at the same hour; Wednesday evening
— leetlng at S o'clock; free reading room, 2(«S
Kearny St.. rooms 500-510; a.« are welcome.
THE People's Church meets every Sunday
evenllis; In Elks' Hall. 223 Sutter et., at 8
o^-lock: every one welcome; pastor, Mrs.
. Anna L. Glllesnl*.
REV. W. O. TAYLOR of the Christian Catho-
liO" Church will hold services In his new
Jaberiiacle, 101 Van Ness avenue at 3 p. m.
•tnd 7 p. m ..; subject. "Salvation, Healing
a.nd Holy Giving." All are Invited.
A THOUSAND y <-n are invited to attend the
ma»f mating for men only at the Young
Men's Christian Association Auditorium, Ma
eon a«.J Ellis sts.. thin Sunday afternoon at 3
, o'clock; Rev. George K. Gilder of India will
£>e the interesting speaker; orchestral music;
l All s«-»tn free to men: General Secretary Mc-
*<;"oy's llfe-<iuestion Bible class will follow the
addrtes. All men Invited.
o TT£2 T^eosophical Society— Colonel H. S. Ol-
tirtt. president-founder: headquarters. Odd
F«tlows' tiulldfng. Public lecture at 8 p. m.
b> Mr. Frederick M. Willis; subject. "Re-
•Mrth and the Possibility of Controlling It";
Ix>tue e Troup 11 :Su a. m.; study class Thurs-
day. S :.i0 ». m.
THE Theosophlcal Soclet.:. Golden Gate Lodpe
— Free public lecture* resumed every Sunday
fi p. m.. Fiood building. 809 Market st. Sub-
r to-night. "The First Step in Occultism."
1 by Mr. W. L. Ducey: Saturday evening class
by Mrs. A. Best. Library and reading-room
open dally. 1 to 4.
¦ SUNDAY LECTl'KKS.
•'HOW TO READ THOUGHT," by Dr. Alex-
ander j. Mclvor-Tyndall of Lrr-don, the fa-
tnous exponent of telepathy _ad thought-
force to-night at Stelnway Hall 223 Butter
sx.: experiments in psychic phenomena, in-
cluding thought-transference; clairvoyance
following explanation.
DR. J. J DEPEW K— RGAN'S fre« lecture this
e\-ening, Crj'Btal Hall. Pythian Castle, 009
Market et.; subject. "The Mental Universe."
followed b;c views of a tour of Ireland and
Scotland; free tickets will be distributed for
X-ray exhibition at Sanitarium. Tuesday
evening; remember the question box; special
music.
EKXOLOGY— HOW TO BE BORN WELL—
Mosee Han nan, editor Chicago Ltghtbearer
Memorial Hall. Odd Fellows" building, 8 p.
tn.; seats and discussions free.
"NOW" lecture. Henry Harrison Brown; eub-
Ject. "New Thought Questions Answered."
Write and bring your question; 8 p. m.
Odd Fellows' building.
PROGRESSIVE spiritualists to-night. Odd Fel-
lows buildins. Seventh and Market. MRS
R. S. LILLJE, speaker.
DR. PAYNE'S hypnotic entertajnment. Golden
, Gate «maln) Hall. C25 Sutter t_; 10c and 25c.
MgETrVGS--SU. i yDAY.
PROF. FRED P. EVANS, noted slate-writing
psychic; Indorsed by president of the Na-
tional Aassoclation of Spiritualists and by the
leading Journals and societies of the world
devoted to occult subjects- consultations daily
- II matters of Importance. Office, 111™
Eddy st.
CGLVILJL.E lectures In Flood building.
K09 Market St.. 3 p. m, ; in Loring Hall.
11. and Clay rt.. Oakland 7:30 p. m. Sub-
ject "The Way of Lite and the Way of
Death. Class Instruction In this city
Tues.. Thurs. and Sat.. 3 and 8 p. ra.
O. N. ORLOW lectures this rSunday) evening
In Golden Gate (upper) Hall. C29 Sutter st
at 8 o clock, the subject presented to be
"Is Death a Necessity?"
Good music and singing. Admission free.
ri i KE J* ctor * " a ' Ox >K« n . ">e Coming Cure."
ef* t-" 1 ' i* n Auken - «- t Oxygen Institute.
SI5 \*n Neis ave., near Ellis *t.. 6 Mon-
day evening.
K 'fZi?«& E ii£ S 2 IAN " :rs 1<wture tMts to-night.
TJSS 5 .? 00 , M8l1lft rt - circl « Friday we., 25c!
1000 Harrison St.: aitUcgs dally; tel. Mint 997.
MM ?A. SS i E K E »' S flslrer tC8t: «Plrtt costume;
•spiritual heating; come, sick and afflicted;
ad. 10c. Friendship Hall. I. Q. o. F. bldg!
SKEPTICS end agnostics Invited to witness
Mroe \ ourur's convincing spirit messages
to-nlgt;t. 10c;. private read. Ci9 McAllister.
MRS. STODDARD'B seances prove there In a
great Intelligent potr er present; Sunday
Tuesday. 278 Ninth et. J<
WJ G. KEEGAN holds test reances every night
except Sat.. 10c; sit.. 10 to 5. 148 Sixth *t.
MUS. C. C. KOTTER— Te#t circle to-night; de-
¦v eloping circle Mon.; s.lttlns« daily. a4 tith.
F-«_d«hlp HalL 335 McAllister Et.— Mrs. C J
Meyer; testa every eveg. 10c; readings daily!
HORIZON lecture* fr*eT"_dwarfl i B!~Payne~on
eurreat toplcfc Odd Fellows' bide. 3 p. m.a screen that - haa been properly regulated aa
to height "from the bottom, upon which tha
rollers work so as to control the fineness of
the discharge. "-¦'/,':
Supreme Councilor Tugwell is soon
to mjke.a, tour of inspection to the
councils In the States of Washington
and Idaho. He will leave for there In
the earty part of December. .,
A new council of the order will be
instituted in San Leandro during the
current week. , : ''.',. .
Golden Gate Council of Oakland re
ports accessions to its membership at
almost every meeting.- - ; - ,^:
A new council has been instituted In
Moscow, Idaho, and -another will be
instituted in.Wallls, same State, during
the present week. ... >
A new organizer is -to be appointed
for San Francisco for the purpose of
helping the local councils along. •
Order of Pendo.
" In accordance with an old time cus
tom of the Junior Order of United Amer
ican Mechanics and the Daughters of
Liberty to observe a day, of thanks
giving, "so that as orders an expres
sion of gratitude may be given to the
Almighty for benefits given to the
American people as a nation and. a peo
ple," the members bf both orders will
meet this evening in the Howard M.
E. Church, where services -appropri
ate to the occasion will be conducted by
the Rev. A. C. Bane.
Juniors and Daughters.
All of the local lodges of the Knights
and Ladies of Honor are actively at
work securing candidates for the class
initiation that is to be held in the
Shlels building on the night of Decem
ber 1. From- the' Indications ; at this
time the number of candidates will
exceed the number that were Initiated
at the previous large class initiation. .
Bay' City Lodge has been taking in
candidates at ' each meeting lately
through the efforts of 'State Organizer
Mrs. Quitzow.
Grand Protector Wolfe and Grand
Secretary Quitzow went to Auburn last
week for thfe purpose of instituting a
new lodge at^ that place.
Knights and. Ladies.
Mission Court of the same order is
meeting with great success in the Mis
sion district, adding to Its membership
at almost every meeting. This court
has under consideration the giving of
an entertainment for the pleasure of its
members and friends. #
Arrangements are being made for the
organization of a new court of the
order In this city. Quite, a number of
names to a petition for a charter have
already been secured.
Mispah Courf-of j the- Tribe of Ben
Hur on the fourth Monday in Novem
ber Initiated three candidates^ and after
the transaction of the other b'usiness of
the order closed and had a social even
ing for the members.' There was a good
programme of entertainment of songs
and literary efforts. Dancing followed
for an hour.
Tribe of Ben" Hur.
National Union.
El CapTtan Council had a ladies'
night in its council chamber In the Na
tive. Sens' building November, 19, and
despite the., dowr.pc'jr on that night
there was r. large r.tt^ndance, including
many of the members' of the. Ladles of
the National Union who visited after
close of their business meeting. There
was a most entertaining programme of
vaudeville numbers whioh were greatly
enjoyed, after which there was a colla
tion such as El Capitan only serves.
The hospitality cf the council was un
der the direction of Joseph >L. Wilson,
I*aurence Vincent and Leo de Cardona,
these being assisted by all the members
of the council.
F. A. Falkenburg. head consul of the
Woodmen of the World, has applied to
become a member of El Capitan Coun
cil.'/,; t "y ¦ • : •;' . ¦
San Francisco Council at its last held
meeting received five applications, mak
ing nearly forty for the large class in
itiation.to be held next.rriortth.
Golden Gate Council at -its last held
meeting after the reception of several
petitions for membership had a drawing
for turkeys. There were six birds. The
members had a chance to draw for
them and six of them did not have to
buy a turkey for Thanksgiving. In ad
dition the council served pumpkin pies
antl sweet elder. . '.,'.: ;.... . .
Charlea F. and Mrs. Charles 'V.- Tozer to
Peter Chrlstenscn. lot : on Byline of Myrtle
street, 13» N. of : Twenty-fourth, N 30 by E
125, Oakland, warranty deed; $10. .
.J. E. and, Elsie A. McElratn (wife) to Har
low P. Bancroft. Jot on SE corner of Morgan
William H. Lamb to Margaret A. Koenlg
(wife of E. J.). lots 1 to 3. block 10, San An
tonio, Brooklyn Township: $10. . -
J. E. and-Elale A. McElrath (wife) to W.
C. Moody, lot on N line of Fourteenth street,
82 E of Chestnut, E 40 byN 105, block GS1>
Boardman's map, Oakland: $10.
Mary Moody (widow, by Charles E. Wlleon.
attorney) to Elsie A. McElrath, lot ' en NE
corner of Forty-seventh and Ws«t . atreetg e
140. N 150, to center, of Temescal Creek, W
and NW along center of said creek. to Its In
tersection with E line . of West street' S 250
to beginning, lots 1 to 5. block 2117, Alden
Tract at Temescal, Oakland; also lot on N lla«
of Fourteenth itreet, 82 E or Cheetnut.iE 40
by N 108, . block 689. Boardman'a : map, ¦; Oak
land; $10. ' . • •,-•,' •« -
Farmers and Merchants' Bank of Holllster to
Frank H Graham, lot on SE line of Market
etreet. 47:6 SW of Alicia, SW 27:0. SE 74:08.
N 31.85 NW GS. lot 49 and portion of lot 5O,
Milton Tract. Oakland; $10. ¦ :
Frank H. Graham (single) to Augustus Don
nellan, same; $10.
Edward P. Flint (single) to Lewis C. and
Emand B. Dowton,, lot on S line of Thirty
first street. 100 E of West;. E 32:6. 8 140. ( W
17 :e. N 20. W 15. N 120. block 2034, Rowland
Tract. Oakland;, $10.
Hulda A.i Miller (single) to Sterling P. For
rest, lot on S line of Thirty-seventh street.
244.05 E Of Market. E 40 by S 150, portion of
lots 14 and 15, map Brackett'a Second Addi
tion, Oakland: $10.
State Savings Bank to Hyman Davis and If.
SUverntein. lot on S line of Third street, 100 E
of Harrison. EM by S 100. lots 10 and 11.
block 11. Kellerberger's map. Oakland; $10.
Louisa O'Toole (widow) to Sarah B. Cheek
(widow) lot on E line of Shattuck avenue, 120
6 of Eunice street. S 40 by E 133, block 12,
property Berkeley . Villa Association. Berkeley;
State Savings Bank to Ernest I>. Mosea. lot
79, block 4. map Grove-street Line Tract,
Berkeley: $10.
Byron E. and Florence Underwood and Frank
E. and Mary Armstrong to Joseph McClaln. re
rtcord 81)9 D. 50 of lot on W line of Walnut
etreet. 253:1 S of Cedar. S 40 by W 125. being
S 20 feet of lot 10. and N 20 feet of lot 20,
block C. Percy Tract. Berkeley (deed recorded
to correct error In description): $10. . v
D. Richard Martens. Albert H. Relchllng.and
Lillie H. Theurkauf to Frank W. Read, undi
vided flve-elxths Interest In lot on W line of
Linden street. 306:6 N of Eighth. W 165 by N
Mi -6 Oakland (recorded November 27. 1003);
$10.
D. Richard Martens (guardian estates of
Francis R.. Anita L. and Richard G. Martens,
minors) to tame, all Interest, being an undi
vided elxth In . samo (recorded November 27,
1003) ; $750. . ' - . • ¦
Frank M. ¦. and Eleanor J. Davis to Minnie
M. Eschbacher (wife of W. F.), lot on S line of
Thirty-fourth street. 428:9 E of Market, E 37:6
by- S 100, portion of lot 11. block K. property
of Central Land Company, Oakland; $10. i
Alameda County.
Same owners • -with Knowles & Relchley
(contractors) architect fame — Carpenter work,
mill work, lumber, roofing, galvanized Iron,
tin. exterior, plastering, windows, doors, stairs,
glazing, hardware, plumbing (electric work and
pelntlng excepted) for same on same; $17,560.
Delia Jacobs (owner) with Alfred Legault
(contractor), architect J. F. Dunn — All work
except plumbing and gasflttlng. alterations
and additions to a two-story frame building
Into two flats now known as 809 Page »treet,
on S line of Page street, 106:3 W of Pierce.
W 25 by S 137:6: $2100.
Roman Catholic Archbishop . (owner) with
Henry Jacks (contractor), architect Charles J.
I. Devlin — All work except painting for a four
story frame school bulldlnir on SW corner of
Powell and I^ombard streets. W 187:6. S 111:2,
E B0. S 1C3:O. E 137:0. N 275; $13,100.
• Mary W. Busted (owner) with Thomas Vod
den (contractor), plans by owner — All work for
a three-Htory frame building (flats) on S Hn?
of McAllister street, 141 :3 E of Devisadero,
27:6x137:0; $94C0.
Harry F. Woods. " Edward Barry. Charles G.
MInlfle. Timothy J. Lyons, trustees of the
estate bf Frank H. Woods Trust (owners),
with Bryan Elevator Company (contractor!"),
architects Henry H. Meyers and Clarence R.
Ward— Elevator work for building 431' and -423
Montgomery street; $1580.
Philip B. Bekcart (owner) with W. H. Bagga
architects Henry H. . Meyers and
C. R. Ward — All work for a two-story base
ment and attic frame residence on lot com
mencing at a point 137:6 E- from NE corner of
Maple and Clay streets. E 40 bv N 127 ;SU.
Western Addition block 835: $10,037.
game owners with J. W. Miller (contractor),
architect same — Brick, wrought Iron.' cast Iron
and granite work and flreprooflng for same on
same; $17,048. :
Strlng-er Storage Company (owners) -with
Richard Keatlnse (contractor), architect J. R.
Miller— Excavation, grading,. asphalt sidewalks,
etc.. for a five-story brick building: on S line
of Sutter street. 110 W of Flllmore, S 137:6 by
W 82:6; $75!W.
Builders' Contracts.
Marlanna A. da Rllva to Joao A. da Sllva,
lot on S line .^f.LoboB avenue, 400 E of Ma
renpo street. E 75 by S 125. lots 1 to 3. block
N*. Railroad Homestead Association; gift.-
Oscar Heyman to R. D. Quental, lot 57, gift
map 1: $10.
Robert and Sarah Wl.«nom to Joseph Culbert
lot 21. Y. Perk Lane Tract 3; $10.
Frederic E. and Bell M. Magee to Catherine
McGowan ' <wif« Thomas)." lot on N line of
Rlchland street. 100 W of Mission. W 25 by
N 100. lot 23. block D, French & Gllman
Tract; $10. •• .
.T. C. MacMulIen- to Helen 'it. Klnne lot on
W line of Fortieth avenue, 325 S of K street
W 120 by S 25: $10.
John and Hannorah M. Hynes (Burki) to
David Baker. !ot on SW line of Twenty-first
avenue, 150 SE of K street. SE 25 by SW 100
lot 6. block 423, South San Francisco Home
stead; -«10. ¦ - •
Elizabeth Blackwood to Laura Biackwood. lot
on NW corner of Bryant and Oak Grove streets
SW 112 by NW 133 :f<; Rift.
Katharine Smith (Schmidt) (wife of Paul)
and Frank Brown to Otto turn Suden. lot' on
SW line of Hayward s*veet, 100 SE ot Harrison.
SE 23 by SW 80: $5.
City and County of E.n Francisco to Albert
W. Lehrke. lot on SW corner of Pennsylvania
and Seventeenth sti-eets. 8 50 by W 100: $ .
Same to Am'rew M. Wilson, lot on NW cor
ner of Seventeenth and Pennsylvania streets.
W 74. XE 103. SE 40: 1 * 1-12. S 69:4%; $ .
Oscar R. and Mabel McGee and William N.
Canfleld to John and Martha R. Hunter, lot on
K lln° of Eleventh avenue, 200 N of I street
N 25 by E 120: S10. . .
Stuart A. or Stewart A. Wlnall to Laura W.
Lambert, lot on N line of Twenty-second street
25 W of Sanchez, W 23 by N 101:6; gift.
Rees Thomas to Emma and William H.
Green, lot on N line of Twentv-thlrd street
105 E of CaBtro. B 25 by N 114; $10.
Jesse D. Hannah to James A. Sncok, lot on
W line of Davis street, 27 S of Clay. S 20 by W
55: $10. ¦
SATURDAY. NOVEMBER 28
n^&'nZE? , C 1? nty . < { t San **r*ncisco to Bolina
«r£t ( l4l w A) i, lot on S line of Pacific
5 • ot Van Ness » v enue. W 37:6 by
, S f, me .« t0 Ellza beth Blackwood. lot OnN line
X n a 7 C -6- C $— U 3 " :tf W Ot Oc^v^.-W 40 by
Emma' G. Butler to" Ix>uis FYledlander lot
on NE corner of Post street and Webster ave
nue. E 112:0 by N 137 :B; $10.
August H. E. and Elizabeth Stohlmann to
Ant i*fl- H - °" and Hen rtetta H. Stohlmann. lot
on SW corner of FlUmore street and Germanta
avenue. 8 48 by W Sl:3; $000.
Felix H. Irvine to J. J. Darrell and Edwin B.
Salomon, lot on S line of Oak street 1W-5 E
of Central avenue. E 25 by S 110; $10.
John Grace to Mary Grace, lot on NWborner
of McAllister and Lyon streets. W 23 by X
100; also lot on W line of Fair Oaks street
15.1 S of Twenty-third, S 31 :C by W 117:6; also
lot on Kf line of Twenty-fifth street, 100 W of
Fair Oaks. \V 25 by N 110; lot on W line of
Baker street. S7:« S of Goldea Gate avenue S
25 by \V 121:10V.; also lot 5, dock 47. Univer
sity Mound; $10.
Wilhelmine English to Rudolph J. and Hugo
A. Taussie. lot on N line of Fulton street
103:10Mt E of Parker avenue, N 100:8. E O-tS.
SE IS. SE 04:8%. \V 25; $10.
Roswell P. Clement to same, same, quit
claim deed; $1.
City and County of San Francls<-o to William
H. Bagge. rerecord 1820 D. 184 of lot on E line
of Woodwards avenue (Jessie), 223 N of Four
teenth, N 75. E 70. S 25, E 20, S 50. W 80;
« t
William or William H. and Helga Bagge to
Ferdinand Giuliani, lot on E line of Wood
wards avenue, 223 N of Fourteenth street, N 50
by E 80; $10.
Edward J. and Ellen E. Coakley to Slgna C.
and Robert E. Cooley. lot" on N line of Fif
teenth street, 72 \V of Shotwell, W 21 by N 74:
$10.
Karah B. Melone to James O. Connor, lot on
N line of Sixteenth street, 100 W of Landers.
W 50 by N t>9:6; $10.
B. Arfsten to Margaretha M. Arfsten, lot on
S line of Fifteenth street, 160'W of Noe, W 25
by S 115; gift.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
"A person would scarcely believe that
a five-dollar bill with the word 'owing*
spelled 'ownig* could get into circula
tion, but this happened with a bank
note counterfeited after one of | the
Tamaqua, Pa., bank. In another in
stance the word 'thousand' came out on
the counterfeit 'thousaud.*
"Who pays attention to a cent — espe
cially in New York? But one gang
circulated bogus cents. They had a
good plate, but the copper they bought
was not of uniform quality and the In
dian's head came"out clumsily.
"These people operated largely in-
Boston and got- little eirls to put the
cents in circulation through Chinese
laundries, which use a lot of cents. The
girls would go to the laundries with
bundles of a hundred cents, of which
perhaps 30 per cent would » be good
coins, and they would get change from
the Chinamen. These counterfeiters
were caught finally.'
"He said at some point or other con
science was sure to prevent him from
making a perfect job at crooked work.
The only error in these bond plates was
ip the lath- work border. Up In one
corner of this border the counterfeit
was not uniform in Its lines. ¦~.Qi
"Thomas Johnson, now dead, who
made the counterfeit Wlndom two-dol
lar notes, had a curious experience with
his plates. He made five plates, each
one wrong in. some minor particular. In
one plate the error was In the right
eye, which was so drawn that it gave
the portrait the appearance on close
examination of being cross-eyed.
"He said that when he was making
that part of the plate he was frightened
by some noise, a thing that would not
have bothered him in the least if he
was at honest work, as he was an ex
pert engraver. Had it not been for this
error the plate would have been a finer
one than the Government used, for it
gave a clearer Impression.
"In another plate he used he got the
letters in 'two* reversed, so that they
read 'owt,' and yet the bills printed
from that plate got into circulation.
. "Johnson was even a better engraver
than Ulrfch, and in each of the four
plates he made after the first one to
counterfeit this bill he endeavored to
correct an error, yet In each one he
made another error. He simply could
not help it, he said, so long as he was
at the crooked work.
"His last error— that is, the one on
the last of the five plates— was in the
treasury numbers. In that the '8* was
not uniform with the rest of the nume
rals. So throughout the series of plates
he would correct one error only to
make another, tind no effort would save
him from making- one.
A MISSPELLED WORD.
CONSCIENCE INTERFERED.
"It is apparently an absolute impos
sibility for a- man to make a perfect
counterfeit coin or note." said William
P. Hazen, formerly chief of the United
States secret service, a few days ago.
"It is certain," he continued, '.'that a
perfect counterfeit has never been
made, and, strange as it may appear,
with all the will and endeavor in the
world, the counterfeiters seem to be
wholly unable to complete a perfect
Job, although they get many details of
the bill or coin to absolute perfection.
"Some strange power appears to get
possession of these criminals at a cru
cial moment in their fraudulent work,
and to render their art vain. The real
reason for this I have never been able
to fathom.
"It may be psychic. .You may smile —
some people will — but the criminals
themselves, so far as I have ever
talked with them on the subject after
we have captured them, have indicated
to me that they believe it is conscience
which balks them."
During his term as head of the secret
service Mr. Hazen had a large experi
ence with counterfeiters, the record
for captures those years being a larger
one than later ¦ times have shown.
Having noted that all counterfeits were
defective in some particular, he made
inquiries "as to the reason of thl3.
It is not, by the way, always by rea
son cf a defect that a counterfeit is
detected. .Sometimes suspicion is raised
merely by an Indefinable feeling on the
part of a Treasury or bank employe
that a bill or coin does not look or feel
just right, and then examination dis
closes the fatal error in the bogus
money.
"Even the most expert engravers,"
Mr. Hazen said, "and It of course is
well known that some of the best have
gone into the counterfeiting business,
cannot turn out , in their counterfeit
work the perfect results which they
can readily get in legitimate work.
With counterfeit bonds it is the same
as with notes and coin.
"One of the most remarkable* cases
occurred with the counterfeiting of the
old United States 7-30's by the notorious
Brockway-Smith gang. One of the
members of that gang got his freedom
by offering Xo go to Washington and
pick out the spurious from the good
bonds, for the Government experts
themselves could riot do it at first. He
was Charles Ulrich, who* is straight
now, one of the few of whom that can
be said.
claim and six other locations in the
Washington ¦ mining district. Work- fa
going on. and the tunnel on the Ethel ia
being pushed ahead as rapidly a3 pos
sible. It is now In about 800 feet and
inside of sixty feet more the ledge will*
be intersected SOCPfeet below the shaft,
which is 120 feet deep. As soon as this
work Is completed a hoisting rter will
be placed on the shaft and sinking and -
upraising, to connect the shaft and tun
nel will be carried on at once. ' ¦
to mischief.— Chicago Tribune.
Fever, violent retching fits, a thick
coated tongue, indicated the agency of
some virulent substance, though the
patient persisted in making light of all
those symptoms.
"Just a stomach trouble," he would
remark between . peeps at his photo
graph album. "I had those spells ever
since I was a youngster; got used .to
them after a fashion; they don't bother
me any more than a fit of hiccoughs."
Pitting cunning against cunning,
they got up a musical entertainment for
his special benefit, and during his ab
sence overhauled his room in all cran
nies. Eight different bottles, with as
many different nondescript mixtures,
were thus picked from their hiding
places. He had tried his ¦ luck with
more than one metallic oxide (verdi
gris, etc.). with red Ink. hartshorn and
a villainous melange of curds and old
meat scraps corked up and left to fer
ment in the hope that they would de
velop some sort bf sausage poison.
REPENTANCE OFTEN FEIGNED.
A favorite trick of would-be self
destroyers Is feigned repentance.
"My surroundings were to blame,"
the close guarded patient will Inform
his doctor. "Uncongenial company drove
me, mad, but in my; present retreat I
have found time for reflection and come
to the conclusion that life Is; after all,
worth living. A little more exercise
might complete my cure. What about
your woodpile? And give me a chance
to make myself useful. **
"Ye-es, and get hold of a sharp ax,"
thinks the medical expert, but, in duty
bound, has to venture on tentative ln
dulgencies that are always apt to lead
At their own expense suicide mani
acs will experiment with all sorts of
poisons, and' the correspondent of a
medical journal relates his experience
with an Incurable who was taken jslck
about twice a month in a manner that
left no doubt about the cause of his
ailments.
EXPERIMENTS WITH POISONS,
A man need not run uphill with' -a
heavy trunk to make his heart beat
fast; clinching his fists with persist
ent energy will answer the same pur
pose, land the life-weary Saxon' thus
impressed his doctor with the belief
that he had a feverish headache. „>; ¦.-¦ "/•
. "Let's make the best of this chance
and have a glass of lemonade." he
urged his nurse, and during her ' mo
mentary absence contrived to wrench
off the stout wire that formed the han
dle of his pall.
With the aid of a little stone he had
picked up in the garden, and using his
blanket to muffle the sound, he then
ground one end of the wire to a needle
point and proceeded to pierce his left
side in all directions. When they, tried
to awake him the next morning they
found his heart had stopped beating.
That ice pall was ruined and had to be
flung away, but it had answered the*
purpose of curing his fever forever.
RESORTS TO SUBTERFUGE.
A patient In the model sanitarium at
Sonnenstein, near Dresden, Saxony,
tried all sorts of tricks to get hold ot
some iron Imprement that could be
used as a substitute for a dirk knif?,
and finally founded a successful
scheme on the circumstance that sucb
symptoms of fever as a quick pulse
carV be stimulated by any physical ef^
fort. ' ......
"Did you hear the names she called
me?" shouted the "trusty," shaking
her weapon in the air.
The cunning lunatic h*d accom
plished her purpose by insulting the
"trusty" and taunting her until her
own half crazed mind gave way and
she turned to punish her insulter with
the first weapon she could find.
Crazy King Ludwlg of Bavaria
grinned triumphantly when his cus
todians consented to let him take a
stroll through the park under escort
of an athletic physician. That payk
bordered upon a deep lake, and even
the patron of Richard Wagner had
brains enough left to know that a good
swimmer risks to be drowned by an
awkward friend, and that the best
swimmer must perish in the clutch of a
foe determined to sink.
When the attainment of their fixed
purpose Is at stake lunatics are capable
of baflling suspicion by remarkably
clever combination games.
The difficulty of watching all the
gates through which it would be possi
ble for an insane person to take his
life was illustrated not long ago in a
Massachusetts asylum, where an elder
ly woman had been sent with the dis
tinct understanding that her life could
be saved only by the most vigilant
watching.
The patient was kept under constant
surveillance. The suspect did not ob
ject, but she watched and waited. One
afternoon the nurse left her alone, a
moment in the custody of one of the
"trustees," a woman of fierce temper,
but almost sane and absolutely trust
worthy. The nurse had been gone but
a few moments, when a number. of
piercing cries were heard.
INCITES NUHSE TO MURDER.
Rushing" back, she found her patient
dead and the "trusty" standing over
her with a hatchet.
A lunatic bent on self-destruction Is
the most cunning, crafty human being
in existence. The mind of the normal
man is no match for the unbalanced
person who has determined to commit
suicide. To- prevent self-destruction
on the part of lunatics thus determined
has been a life study on the part of
noted alienists, but : no satisfactory re
sults ever were obtained.
The " : Punn brothers have installed a
new roller crusher below the; battery
of theirV mill 'on the North Fork In
Plumas. County. Regarding this the
Plumas-Independent'says:^ -
•The purpose of the crusher is to more thor
oughly amalgamate - the gold and quicksilver,
thereby ; saving,. a larger^ percentage , of the
values In the : ore. ; After passing through the
rock. breaker the ore is dropped into the two-"
stamp f battery and there t crushed s. Into i pulp
fine enough to be ejected through: a quarter
inch screen. ; The heavy , steel-shod . rollers . be
gin their work > here. The pulp is carried into
an oval, basin in which are three rollers work
ing upon* much the rame principle as an.aras
tra.". The eplashlng* process of the stamp bat
tery : is here r - entirely I obviated, ; the discharge
being caused, by : the . very rflne^. pulp. .bein*
buoyed up bv • the ¦¦. wat*» and : forced thmu»h '
WORK IN PLUMAS COUNTY.
Levels have been turned at different points
along the | upward I march and they have de
veloped the fact that the North Star vein con
tinues down to an Indefinable depth. It was
encountered at a point 40oo feet below the
level of the mine. While the work has been
progressing some good ore bodies have been
Intersected. With the completion of the work
a -great many -Improvements may be contem
plated. The building of the new mill at the
Central-. Shaft continues unabated and should
the circumstances' warrant eighty stamps can
be ' accommodated. . This with the other mills
now in operation and owned by them will give
the company the biggest milling capacity of
any In this mlnln* district. . ,
The Nevada County Promotion Com
mittee has appointed a sub-committee
to assist in getting up a first-class ex
hibition of the county's minerals to
send to the exposition at St. Louis next
year. Mr. Madeira, one of the collec
tors, has been in Nevada City. It is
possible that Nevada County will fur
nish the best gold exhibit of any coun
ty. The work of collecting samples for
show has been proceeding in the higher
mountain counties that they might be
taken down for shipment to San Fran
cisco before the winter weather sets In
severely. The Shasta County copper ex
hibit, has already been mentioned. It
will be among the finest* at St. Louis.
All collections of minerals to go to St.
Louis must be completed within the
next six weeks."
Connection has been made between
the' North Star and the Central Shaft
mines at Grass Valley. VTears of work
are summed up by this announcement.
The Central Shaft connection was
planned long ago. The project led to
the sinking In. the Central Shaft mine
to a' vertical depth of 1600 feet. Then
the work of connecting the \ two mines
was taken under consideration. The
project has been pursued with little In
terruption. The -Grass Valley Tidings,
In addition to stating that the work of
putting the raise through and much
development work has been completed,
has the following: .
NEVADA IS IN LINE.
At Haskell Peak considerable work has
been done this season. Captain Wilbourn
struck a good prospect In gravel and has fit
ted up his mine in good er-ape for next sea
son's work." Joe Perry has also obtained a Rood
prospect in gravel in that Eection and expects
to do considerable work there next spring. The
contractors at the New Enterprise mine at
liattlesnake are getting along well, and have
nearly completed the 300-foot tunnel. They ex
pect to strike gravel most any day, as lava
has come In at the' roof of the tunnel.
At Forest there is considerable work going
on In the mining line. The Young America
gravel mine has been- bonded to a San Jose
company, vhich will do considerable develop
ment work this winter. Thomas Ransom, who
took out considerable gold recently In his mine
near Forest, has done considerable wark in im
proving the property, and has a good prospect
of taking out more specimens. At the Diadem
Mr. Harper ia having the shaft sunk, and
some good ore has recently been found. At
American Hill J. M. Harper has a force of
men running a tunnel for gravel.- He expects
to run about 4(n> feet before making an up
raise. There is every Indication of a gravel
channel existing In the ridge, which is all lava
capped.
The Oriental Company near Alleghany will
soon have their 1800-foot tunnel completed, and
when the ledge is encountered It will be one of
the largest mines. In the county. .--. . .
Considerable activity Is colng on In the vi
cinity of Chipps Flat, and the. opening up of
several mines there gives plenty of employ
ment to miners. The same may also be said in
regard to other portions of the county. ¦ In the
northern section there is considerable activity.
In -and around. Sierra City considerable work is
being done. The Mountain mine is to be
opened. ¦ -
Among the Sierra County properties
that are reported to be at work are
the Telegraph quartz' mine, nine miles
from Downieville, with five stamps
running steadily; the White , Bear
gravel r'mlne, where twenty-five men
are employed; the West Point mine,
which is worked by * Henry Spaulding and
others; the Poker T"lat and Rose and
Herald mines, upon which a lot of de
velopment work has been performed
during the last dry season; the Empire
mine at Gold Valley; the Oriental mine,
near Allegheny; the Plumbago, the
American Hill, Papoose and the El
more. The Downieville Messenger says
of various localities in Sierra County:
IN SIEBBA COUNTY,
The last ten days have seen a great many
of the mines uiound.thls tewn start up again,
as thera is now- plenty of water to keep them
going for many months to come. The first
mine to start was the Sultana, followed by the
Angels, the Oriole, the Gold Cliff and the Mad
ison mill. At the Cross t-haft water was
turned on instead of .steam; repair work is be
ing done at tnls shaft, while at the Madison
shaft the wat^r is being pumped out, prepar
atory to development - work. About 500 men
have been :uk to work during the last week,
so that now the camp is beginning to take on
'its old-time iouk of activity. The outside
mines are beginning to make preparations for
active work, and on Tuesday the old Calaveras
on Indian Creek received a new engine to be
used in working the property. The "43 mine
at Douglass Flat has resumed operations and
the water is now being: pumped out. This Is
a cravel proposition.
At the Eho mine, three miles east of Mur
phys. water f-.sr hydraullcklne was this week
piped from the Utica ditch. During the last
year a tunnel ISO feet long was run into the
side ot the mountain and two drifts made; a
large lot of powder was put in aog exploded,
literally tearing down the side of "he hill, so
that the hydraulic work can be carried on In
a rapid and thorough manner. Besides these
larger properties, a great number ot email
mines will be operated, so that the outlock for
a busy year is encouraging.
The brisk season in California mining
has returned. There is sufficient water
in the mountains to enable the mines
*.o operate. As a result the mine man
agers and those who are associated
with them are busy. There is a great
revival of activity in Sierra County,
according to the accounts furnished by
the local papers. Some new mines
have been discovered during the last
year and a great many old ones are
being reopened. Properties that have
been idle for a long time are being de
veloped. Altogether, so says the
Oovvnieville Mountain' Messenger, "Si
;rra County has a bright ititure."
A spirit of cheerfulness is found in
the papers of Calaveras County. The
following account of the situation is
supplied by the Angels Record:
Views of W. P. Hazan, Once
. Chief of United States
Secret Service.
Constant Surveillance and
Closest Watching Is
Often Thwarted.
Good Reports Are' Received
From Countie3 Rich
in Minerals.
MeiaOannot Accurately
Counterfeit a Coin
> or Note.
Mountain Mines- Once
More- Operate With
Plenty of Water.
Actions of Insane Who
Are Bent on Self-
Destruction.
MANIACS SHOW
GREAT CUNNING
THEY NEVER MAKE
A PERFECT JOB
STAMPS AGAIN
FALL ON ORES
Henry T. and Mrs. H. T. Ardiey to A. C. An.
dereon. lot on S line of Stuart street;- \K> Eof
Grove. E SO by S 129.05. lots J) and 10. block
20. map No. 5. Khattuek Tract. Berkeley; J10.
| Calvin A. Shaw to G. W. Fisher, E 40 feet
of lot i, W 36:8 of 'lot 7.. block K, man of a
portion of Newbury Tract, In plat 51, P«ralta
Rancho. Berkeley: $10.
Hugh A. and Margaret N. McColl to • Con
tinental Building and Loan Association, lot
on SE corner of Third anil Oilman streets, S
80 by E 12:!. lots 4B to 4S, block £S. map 1.
J>I. Wentworth Boot and Shoe Cosipany's Tract,
Berkeley; 510. / .
Mary C. and Janvs L, Barker «nd as at
torney and Grace E. ar.d W. J. Mortimer to
Alma B. Anderson (widow), lots 13 and 14.
block 1, amended map portion La Loma Park
and Wheeler Tract, excepting the t N 45 feet
of said lots, Berkeley, deed and agreement;
$100. .. . - ¦' ¦ ¦
Mary Theresa Aittell (widow) to Charles W_
and Nettle P. Russell, lot on E line of Bray
avenue, 305 N of East Fourteenth street or
county road Oakland to San 1 Leandro, N 41
by E 145 portion lot 53, Bray Tract, Brook
lyn Township; $10. ¦ '
' William H. ehd Leone Phelps to 'Anna H.
Brown (wife of N. S.). lot 11, block K. amends
ed map Moss Tract, subject to sll tincum
brances. etc., Brooklyn Township; $0.
James H. and Lizzie S. N. Young to A P.
Fuller, lot on W line of Carolina street. 155:08
S of San Antonio avenue", S 35 by W 100,
portion lots 144- and 146, map Encinal Park
Tract, Alameda; $10. ¦
(now -Fifty-second) and Grove streets, E to W
line of Dover, S 110. W'to E line of, Grove,
N to beginning, portion plats 45 and 96, V.
and' D Peralta Rancho, .Oakland; o:so lot on
SE corner of Morgan and l>over streets. E
40. S 271.89, W 40. N 271.06, lots 1 and 2.
block X, map Alpine Tract No. 3, Oakland; $10.
Same to H, M. Maxwell, lots 1 and 10. block
A. lots 3 and 17, block L. lots 1 and 17, block
M, lots 1 and 11. block N. all block P, map
Alpine Tract No. 3, Oakland; also lot on NE
corner of Forty-seventh and Grove streets, H
50, N to center Temescal Creek, W to E Una
of Grove. S to. beginning.* block 2118, ; Alden
Tract. Tetnescal. Oakland; • $10. • -
George and Hannah Barkley (by Frank Otis
and Benjamin: Bangs, trustees) to Globe Mu
tual Building and Loan Association, S70 D. 307
of lot on SW line of Grant avenue, 610 SE of
Telegraph. SE 37:6 by SW 115, lot 50. and W
'4 of lot f>. r >'i, amended map of subdivisions of
Mosswood Tract, trustee's deed: $2S50.
B. L. and Ida B. SpenceHo A.-J. Snyder.' lot
on SE corner of Franklin and Fifth streets, S
50 by E 75. lots 7 and 8, blcck 41. Kellersber
ger's map, Oakland <dee.d acknowledged Octo
ber 21. 190."); $10.
A. J. and Sophie M. Snyder to Paulina Hinch,
lot on SE corner of Franklin and Fifth streets,
S'100 by E 75, lots 5 to 8,' block 41. same map.
Oakland; $10.
Union Savings Bank to Annie Jordan (wife
of James) lot on N\V corner of Twenty-fourth
and Adeline streets, N 76 by W 100. block P
<H2, map of i survey of Northern Extension,
Oakland: $10. ' - '
Carl H. and Ruth B. Nickel to Ed M. Camp
bell lot on NE line of Spring street. 15S SE - of
Piedmont aveno.% SE 2. NE 114.91. NW 2. SW
115. being SE Z feet of lot C, Spring Tract."
Oakland; $10.
Manuel Enos (single) to John and Anna L.
Enos. lot on N line of West Third street, 137:6
W of CheBte,r, W 12 :6 by N 100. beinsr W \k of
lot 0, block F, map of Bay View Homestead
and adjoining property north. Oakland; $10.
THE SAN FBA!N CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 29. 1903.
The Hope mine in Tuolumne County,
near Sonora, is operating. Work has
been resumed on the Star mine above
Columbia. -A bond on the Little Gem
mine hear' Sonora, one' mile east of the
town, has been taken by Sidney Smith
of Ohio. A shaft will be sunk to the
depth of 600 feet. The App mine will
start up with one hundred men at work
as soon as electric power can be had.
The Shawmut mine. has returned 1 work
with a force of 200 men and is running
the 100-stamp mill. , The El Rico Min
ing Company tia3 voted to erect a
twenty-stamp mill on its property, the
Bell mine, naar Tuttletown,\ which has
been opened ;to the depth* of 530. feet.
The GastonV Ridge ; Gold Mine3 Com
pany;, so reports the Grass Valley
Union, has bought, the Ethel mining
47
.fun>- invited .to attend the funeral Mon-
• day. November 30. UM8, at 9:30 o'clock a.
• m., Jrom his late residence, 154S Sixteenth
.avenye south, thence to All Hallows
church. <v>rner Sixteenth avenue and N
' street houth. where a requiem high mass
. . will be celt-braird for th<» repose of his sou!
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Uross_ Cemetery.
S DE LAURIER— In thin city. November 27.
- "J5KU>. Eleecc de Laurier. beloved daughter
f. cf the late Anha A. de Laurier and sister
of Geo^te D-. Corlne M. and Lillie A. de
• Laurier, a native of Michigan, aged 20 years
II months and 27 days.
* Cy-Fri^nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully . in\-itt-d to attend the funeral to-
mcrrow (Monday). November 30, 19U3, at
6:30 o'clock a.m., from the chap*l of Charles
¦II. J. Truman & Co.. 1909 Mission street,
between Fifteenth and Sixteenth, thence to
6t. Charles Church, cornei ¦ Eighteenth and
Shotwell streets, where services will be held
J commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
. Cross Cemetery, by carriage.
DONNELLY— In thl* city, November 26, 1S03.
Catherine - F. • Cairo!) Donnelly, beloved wife
cf Frsnk Daenelly, and mother of John J.
Ponnelly. a native of Ireland, aged CO years.
CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funtral to-day
(Sunday), at 9:15 o'clock, from the parlors
¦ of J. -C. O'Connor & Co., 7C7 Mission street,
. • thence to the Church of the Most Holy Re-
deemer foj services at 10.A5 o'clock. Inter-
ment Soly Cross Cemetery. A requiem high
¦ ¦ maes will be celebrated for the repog* of
• .irer eoul on Monday. November 30, at 9:30
o'clock, at the Church of the Most Holy Re-
tfeemt?. Friends aad acquaintances are in-
vited to ai««nd.
"ECCVZS — In Oakland. November 27. 1903.
William J. Eccles, beloved husband of Kate
M. Eccies. eaA father of William F.. Alice
G., Anastasia end the late Angela M. Eccles,
and brother of the late Vincent Eccles, Mrs!
• 5loy Hutchlraoa and Mrs. Robert Northam,
a native of San Francisco, aged 42 years.
• C7 Friend* and acquaintances are reepect-
fuUy Invited to attend the funeral Eunday
Nc-vetnber 29, 1903, at 2 o'clock, from hit
late raK-ldence. 951 Thirty-fifth etreet, thence
¦ to Sacred Heart Church, where services will
¦' be Lf',6. commencing at 2:30 o'clock. In-
teraem St. Mary's Cemetery.
EHLERT— In this city, No\*ember 25. 1803.
Charle. Ehlert. a native of Germany, aged
44 vears 2 months and 5 days.
CyFrier;ds and acquaintances are respect-
fully «nvlt«d to attend toe funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors
bf H. F. Euhr & Co.. 1137 Mission etreet
between fieventh and Eighth, where services
wall be held, under the auspices of Court
iKs.r of the Mlsalon No. 7197, Ancient Order
of Foresters. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery.
TLETOIKS — In this city. November 27. 190J.
Jamea Fletcher, beloved husband of Lillie R
Fletcher and father of James P. Fletcher, a
' native of England, aged 27 years 4 months
' and 28 days. (.A member of Gatworker.'
• Local T'nion. No. 8S4O.)
ICTF--*-ends and acquaintances are respoct-
. fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday) «t 2:30 p. m.. from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Na-
i tiosal Cemetery. Presidio.
FIGONE — In this city, November 27, 1903
Annie, dearly beloved wife of Giovanni
Figone and mother of Josephine Flgone and
daughter of Maria Vonoool and sister of
LouU. George. Richard, Charles and Emll
Vonpool and Mn. Rosle Magglo and ©f
the late Mary Carson, a nayve of Eaa Fran-
clw*. ared S3 years.
• , CTFrtends and acquaintance, are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral on Mon-
day. November 20, 11MXJ, at 1 o'clock p m
from b*>r lau; residence. I Bartol place.'
off Brcadwav. near Montgomery nr<— t
thence to MaiS-ini Circle, -C. <J. F., at A O
V. Hall. Uol Union street, near Stockton"
where menrt^a will be held at 1:30 p. m!
sharp. Inttiment New Italian Cemetery.
GILLERAN— In San Jo*e, November 2S, IWXi,
Bartholomew GiUeran, brother of Jam's Oll-
leran, and father of Mrs. M. J. Hemenez
and Matthew Gilleran. a native of County
\\>*tme«ith. Ireland, aged ia< years.
C17'Frie:idi! ani acquaintances are re-
flrt-ctfuny Invited to attend the funeral
t'-raorrow (Monday), November 30, from
San .Jose by 11:15 train. Interment Holy
> :ro»t Cemetery
G1LLOX— In thi* city. November 27. 1903 at
her r<-s!<Jr-nc<:, 816 Folsom street. Delia,
beloved wife ot James V. Glllon and elster
Of Mn. T. M. Uamill and the late Mrs.
Mary Murray and James Quinn, a native of
Maefrachuwtts, agea 42 year.. (Amador
patter* please copy.)
C7Xotlc« of funeral hereafter.
r .ENRY CALLACHER CO.
(Successor* : . Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL i 1 . DONOVAN. Mgr.
rUNHP.AL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERfi.
20 Fifth Ft., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
. Kuncral Directors and Kmbalmers.
Formerly In Metropolitan Temple,
Now *t SOC MIBfc'ION, Tel. South 167,
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth at
Finest Equipment* at Moderate Ratea,
F. J. MONAHAIC. Manager. Tel. Mission .U
M0NAHAN, O'HARA & CO.
FUKERAi. DIRECTORS AND EMBAUJERS.
2239-2341 Mission st.. rear Nineteenth,
fcau Francisco
AVKrn<?ov \i thi« city. November 27. 1903.
A x££nf°Eu"^* .beloved daughter of Pe£r
or.d Fusenie Ankerson. a native of ban
Francl^o CaJ . aged 2 month, and 27 days.
inm i. iv-i. city November 27, 1903.
Manuel Arjo beloved husband of the late
Mefc^d Arjo and loving father, of Mr.. Rosa
• Ciamano Norbcrt and Frank Arjo and the
lateMre Til Me Mene*es. Manuel, Philip and
, GuadaATpa Arjo. a native of Spain, aged «M
vears 11 months and 2 days.
' r-r- Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fullv i-vlted to attend the funeral
Tuesday ' December 1. 14*03. at 12 o'clock m..
from bis late residence. 2946 Laguna street,
thence to Pruids' Hall. 413 Sutter (Street,
where eervices -will be held under the aus-
pice* cf fvrseverance Grove No. 10. U. A.
0. D- commencing at 1 o'clock.
BECKER— In this city. November 20, 1903.
Karl Becker, dearly beloved eon of Mathias
and Eliza Becker and brother of Louts and
Joseph Becker, a native of Kansa. City.
t-.F- . 35 yeare '¦< months and 4 days.
BRAUD — In this city. .November 28, 1903,
Annie Braud. beloved wife of Frank Braud.
;nother of L#on and Marie Braud and elster
of George. Leonard, Adelbert and Robert
Young and Mrs. Lizzie Athey, a native of
S»n Francisco, aged 2S years.
BULLWINKEL— In this city, November 28.
HHt3. at his residence. 902 Pacific
street. John F. Bullwlnkel Jr., only eon of
John F. Bullwinkel, a native of San Fran-
cisco. - aged SU years and 7 days.
,BROOKS— In this city. November 27. 14>O3.
Philips Brooks, beloved eon of James G.
and Ida M. Brooks and brother of Ramona
Brooke, a native of Idaho, aged 4 years 10
months and 9 days.
BURKE— In this city. November 26, 1903.
Michael, beloved husband of Catherine
Burke, father of Georse Burke. Mrs. C. V.
Hat field and the late Jose-ph M.. Mary A. and
Llllle L. Burke and Mrs. Maegle Aubertln.
grandfather of Mrs. F. Pilueo, and brother
cf William and the late Patrick, Peter and
James Burke, a native of County Galway,
Ireland, aeed 72 years 3 months aod -u
days.
CyFrle-ds atid acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
. (Sunday).- at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 240 Ehotwell etreet, thence to St.
•ChEriee Borroroeo's Church at 10 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BURKE— In this city. November 26, 1903, at
her residence, 1410 Fillmore street, Mary
Burke, beloved wife .of Fred T. Burke, and
loving mother of Mrs. William Elliott, Mrs.
II. A. Hornlein and Adelaide, Charlotte.
' Fred K and Daisy Burke, a native of
. County Cork. Ireland, aged 06 years.
." ¦ XT Friends can review remains from 6 to
10 o'clock p. m. to-<Say (Sunday). Inter-
merit private.
COCHRAN— In this city, November 26. 1903.
Joseph P. Cochran, brother of the late Rob-
ert and Anna E. Cochran. and uncle of
' £mitb P. Cochran of Chicago, 111., a na-
tive of Pennsylvania, aged 70 years 4 months
and 3 days. A member of St. Andrew'. So-
ciety and Abou Ben Adhem Lodge No. 11-.
1. O. O.- F.
EyFY!ends and acquaintances are respect-
¦fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
December 1. .1903. at 1 o'clock, from his late
¦ residence, 1120 Hyde etreet. Services at
•Central Methodist Episcopal Church. Mission
• etreet between Sixth and Seventh, at 2
¦ o'clock. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
fcy electric ears from Eighteenth and Guer-
rero streets.
COONEY— 'In this city. November 27. 1903.
Thomas B. Cooney. beloved husband of
¦ Elizabeth and fatter of Marion Cooney, a
. frative o£ New York, aged 44 years.
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
. . fully invite.d to attend the funeral to-day
'Sunday), November 2t», 11*03, at 1:30 p. m..
from his late residence, 1C57 Twelfth street,
thence to Alcatfaz Hall, where services will
be fteld, unfler the auspices of Oaklana
: Lodge No. US, I. O. O. F., and Forest
•Lodge No. 1U2. W. O. W., Jointly.
COTTER— In this city. November 27, 1903,
•Richard "Cotter, dearly beloved husband of
. Margaret Cotter, and loving father of Rich-
ard J. and Mary Cotter, a native of Glen-
brook. County Cork. Ireland, aged 69 years.
C7Frier.ds and acquaintances are respect-
Brooka. Philips. Ind. Mary.
Burke. Michael. Meyer. George W
Cochran, Joseph P. McCall. Thomas.
Cooney. • Thomas B. Mollnarl. J«s. W.
Cotter. Richard. Morrisaey. Thomas.
De Laurier. Eleec*. Mullaney. Jas. A.
Donnelly. Catherine. Murray. Thos V.
Ecclea. William J. Nt ddersen. Elizabeth
l-fcleru Charles. O'Hare; Kathleen.
Fletcher. James. Ohrt. Gustav A.
Kigone. Annie. Plat. Theresa.
Glllon. IVlia. Quinn, Ooorge \\.
Gllleran. Bartholme* ltar.kin. "Win. IX
Goldstein. H. P. ' VpaJdlng. Geo. W.
liodBU. James. Smith. Jas. Hume.
• Jraf Oscar .Struts, >> m. t.
Graff Justin J" Wheeler, Ellen R.
Helaimana.' Dr.' M. . Whitworth A*ne«.
Hill, Mrs. Augusta. Wood, John.
GOLDSTEIN— In this city, November 28. }^"
Hiram P. Goldstein, beloved brother of Mrs.
fl. Guggenhelmer. Mrs. J. K. Goldsmith and
Mrs. S. J. Kahn. a native of New York
City, aged :>7 years and 1 month.
CTFuneral will take r>lace from the »n°«-
taklng parlors of Porter & White. 4~*
Golden Gate avenue. Monday mornlns at
10 o'clock. Interment Home of P« a 1 c e_ Lenv
etery. via 11:30 a. m. train from Third ana
Townsend streets depot.
GODSIL— In this city. November 27. 19 ™-
James, beloved husband of Margaret Godsil
and father of Lulu A.. Mary E. and Jo«P»-
Ine M. Godsil. a native of Ireland, aged w»
years. 8 months and 2 days.
OTrlendb and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday) at 9 o'clock from his late resi-
dence. 79 Fierce street, thence to fc »^^
Heart Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated far the repone of his soul
at 0:30 o'clock. Interment private.
GRAF— In tMs city. November 27. WOT. Os-
car, dearly beloved son of Henricus and Kosa
Graf, a native of San Francisco, aged M
yearx s months and 3 days.
ETFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-day (Sunday), at I- 1»
o'clock, frcm his late residence. 1123 Scott
street, between Turk and Eddy. Interment
private. Please omit flowers. . ¦ ¦'£.
,. GRAFF— In this city. November 25, lwM,
Justin J. Graft, beloved father of Joseph J..
Gustave and Mrs. J. Reade, a native or
Switzerland, aged 74 years, 5 months ana -i*
lOrFriends and acquaintances are r ee P«ct-
fulJy invited to attend funeral services u>-
day. at 10 o'clock a. m.. at the parlors or
James Haean. 445 Valencia etreet. Inter-
ment Cypress JLawn Cemetery.
HEINIMANN— In Oakland, November 26. 19<W.
Dr. Michael Heinlmann, beloved husband of
Anna M. Helnlmann. father of Dr. J. M-
Helnlmann. Mr*. J. PelUer and Mrs. «¦
Keath. and crandrather of Victor M. Pel-
tier, a native of Alsac*. Germany, aged ho
years and 2 months.
ETFrlends and acquaintances are rc*pect-
fully invited to attend the funeral eervices
Punday, November 29. 1903. at 2 o'clock, at
his late residence, northwest corner of Twen-
ty-third avt-nuc and East Twenty-seventh
street, Oakland. Interment Mountain \ iew
Cemetery. Funeral private. Please omit
flowers.
HILL— In this city. November 28, 1903, Mrs.
Augusta Hill, relict of the late Benjamin
Hill and dearly beloved mother of Lena Hill.
a native of New Hampshire.
EyFrienJs and acaualntances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Monday) at 10 o'clock a. m.. from the fam-
ily residence, 1001 California street. Inter-
ment private. r
IND — In this city. November 28, 1903, Man'
Ind. beloved wife of Thomas Ind and sister
of Mr*. Michael Druray. a native of Ireland,
aged 50 years.
ty Remains at the funeral parlors of
.Tamee McGinn &. Co., 214 Eddy street.
KELLY— In this city. November 28. 1903.
Michael Joseph, beloved son of Thomas and
Nellie Kelly and brother of Thomas Kelly
and grandson of Catherine Bowen and
Michael and Catherine Kelly, a native of
San Francisco, asred U months and 25 da>s.
KENDALL— In thie city, November 27, 190.3.
Valentine, dearly belovcti husband of Hattle
Kendall and father of Sabina, Jennie and
Normar. and the late Valentine Kendall, son
of Mrs. T. Kendall and brother of Tom,
Frank, Willie and George Kendall and Mrs.
i J. fc'awver, a native of San Francisco, aped
41 years 0 months and 15 days. A member
of the Piledrlvers' I'nion.
C7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday) at 10 o'clock a. m. from his late
residence, 1118 Treat avenue, thence to St.
Peter's Church for services at 10:.'J0 o'clock
a. m. Interment Holy Cros=s Cemetery.
KORIi— In this city, November 2S,. 1903. Will-
iam A., dearly beloved son of William C.
and Mary Korb and brother of Nettie and
the late Ethel Korb. a native of San. Fran-
cisco, aged .5 years and 1 day.
CS'-Knends and acquaintances are rcsppct-
• fully invited to attend the funeral Monday
at 1:30 o'clock p. «m.. from her late resi-
dence, 241 Shloley street. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
LANUERON— In this city. November 26, 1903,
Ernestine Langeron. beloved mother of
Charles A. Dumont, and mother-in-law of
Mrs. Charles A. Dumort. a native of France,
aged 65 years 2 months and 3 days.
CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, November 2U. 1003, at 12:30 o'clock,
at her late residence, 1309 Powell street. In-
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
LOWER— In this city, November 23. 1903.
John Edgar Lower, beloved son of Edward
Ijower, orother of Mrs. Grant Swan. C. E.
I^oner of East Palestine, Ohio, and
Mrs. W. P. Martslof of Sewickley, Pa., a
native of Ohio, az<>d 33 years. (A member
of Court Richmond No. S*>. Foresters of
America, and Golden Gate Branch No. 214.
National Association of L-ttercarriers.)
CrKrlendb and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, November 29, 1903. at 2 o'clock, at
trie mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate Un-
dertaking Comnany, 2475 Mission street, near
Twenty-first. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
*ery.
¦MEYER— In this city, November 27. 1903,
George W. Meyer, beloved son of M. D.
Meyer and the lat* Cathrlne Meyer, and
brother of Herman M. L>., Fred W. and Ma-
thilda Meyer, a native of San Francisco,
aged 2a years and 17 days. A member of
National Parlor No. 118, N. S. G. W., and
Germania. Club.
C^Friertds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to>day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from his late residence,
130-S liroderick street, thence to Native
Sons' Hall, 414 Mason street, where funeral
fcervlces will be held under the auspices of
National Parlor No. 118. at 2 o'clock. Crp-
mation Odd Fellows' Cemetery-
McCALL— in Pasadena, November 24, 1903.
Thomas McCall. beloved husband of Ellen
McCall. father of Thomas E. McCall, brother
of Patrick McCall. Mrs. Margaret Johnson
and Mrs. Mary Netterville, a native of
County Monaghan. Ireland, aged 59 years.
MOLINARI— In this city. November 27, 1903.
James W., dearly beloved husband of Maria
L. Mo!!r.ari. b:loved son of Blanca and the
late Glacomo Mollnarl, and brother of
Charles. John, G^orire and Andrew Mollnarl
and Mrs. J. Cereghino, a native of Italy,
aged 44 years and 'J months.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend funeral on Sunday,
November 29 at 1 p. m., from his late resl-
oenet, 1514 Mason street, thence to Druids*
Hall. 413 Sutter street, where, at 1:30 p. m.,
services will be held under the auspices Of
Laurel Grove Xo. 17. U. A. O. D. Inter-
_rn*nt Mount Olivet Cemetery.
THE members of Laurel Circle No. 24, U. A.
# i. ' 5 re r , ef ' u^* !ted to attend the funeral
of Brother J. W. Moltnarl to-day at 1:30
p. m at Druids' Hall, 413 Sutter etreet. A
nne for non-attendance. Ry order of
I. M. WOLFF. Secretary.
MORRISSEY-In Vallejo. November 20. 1903.
1* m CS 51 * 3 *" 06 of hlB niece, Mrs. B. Mc-
Jsally Thomas Morrlssey, uncle of Mrs.
B McNally, Mrs Ellen Heffernan. Mary
Morrlssey and Sister Mary Cathrine of Santa
KoBa, a native of the t>arleh of Ahena,
County Cork. Ireland, aged 78 years. ;
MULLANEY— In this city. November 2S, 1903.
at the residence, 131 Cortland avenue, Jamea
A dearly beloved eon of Catherine and the
late Anthony Mullaney and brother of Pat-
nek and Tonic Mullaney and Mrs. K. Du
Ti? rg rt r ,? n<1 Mrs - Frank Mullen and Mrs.
v\ D. Hyde, a native of Tarkereburg, West
irglnia, aged 43 years.
M F RRA 7"I Itl N>w York clt y» Thomas D..
beloved husband of Prudence Murray and
father of John A., George W. and Henry R.
Murray of New York city and Mr*. John
Wulnton of San Francisco.
N ?£? E 5, SEX - In thI " cit V- November 28.
190.S. Elizabeth, beloved wife of Fred Ned-
dersen a native of New York, aged 33
years 9 months and 18 days.
°^ A l t , E ~ In th!s clt y- November 28, 1903.
Kathleene. dearly beloved daughter of
Eugene and Kathleeae O'Hare and sister of
Horace and the late Ei\«ene. Ada, Grace
and Genevleve O'Hare. V native of San
Irancisco, aged 4 years and 6 days.
OHRT— In this city, November 20, 1803, en-
tered Into re*t, Gustav Adolph. loving son of
Mrs. Anne and the late Adolph Ohrt, and
nephew of Robert and Curtis Winchester, a
native of Ean Francisco, aged 84 yean «
months and 13 days. A member of SeatUe
Aerie No. 1. (SeatUe papers please copy.) ¦
ETTilends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral service*
Sunday. November 29, 1003. at 2 o'clock. At
the funeral parlors of Craig, Cochran A Co..
4i* Golden Gate avenue, between Larkih and
Polk streets. Cremation In Odd Fellows-
Cemetery.
PLAT— In this city, November IS. 1003,
Theresa Plat, dearly beloved wife of Jean
Plat and beloved mother of Gaston Plat, a
native of Belgium, aged 43 year*.
ET-Notlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the undertaking parlors of laccheri.'
Duclos A. Co.. «aa Broadway, between Du-
pom and Stockton streets. - . ' ¦¦•
QUINN— At eea. August. 31, 1003. George W.
Quinn. ton of Mr*. J. McKlnnoa and brother
of Edward, Charles. Philip and Nathaniel
Quinn, a native of Benicia. aged 31 .years
and « months. (Other papers please copy.)
RASKIN- In thl« city, November 28, 1903,
William D. Rankln, aged 37 years.
EPALDING— In this city, : November 20. 1003.
George Weldon Hpaldlng, beloved child of
J. A. Bpaldtng and Mrs. L. M. Bpaldlng-
Wallace, and beloved brother of Lew A..
Harry F.. Violet A. and Mabelle E. Spald-
ing and Robert A. Wallace, a native of San
FranclBco. aged 16 years and 17 days.
£7"Ftiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral service*
November 29, 1003, at 12 o'clock, * at the
parlom of A. W. Martin & Co., ai9 O'Farrell
street. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.'
SMITH— In Oakland, Cal.. November 27, 1303,
James Hume Emlth, beloved* son of .Julia
Smith and the late James II. Smith and
brother of Ida 'M. Stevenson, WJUIara B-,
Mortimer. Julia arid Arthur C Smith, a
native of -Pennsylvania, .¦ aged 33 I years, 8
months and 13 days. . . '
CyFrlendB are resDectfulIy Invited to at-
tend the funeral Monday, November 30, at 2
o'clock p. m.. from hlg late residence, 4St>
Twenty-sevfcnth street. Oakland. Interment
strictly private. . . ,. >
STRUSS— In this city. November 27. 1003.
William Edward, beloved son of William
and Ueorsrie Strust. a native of -San Fran-
cisco, aged 2 months and 21 days.
, Hp'T'-ien.is -and acquaintances are respect-
fully lnvittd to attend the funeral services
Sunday. November 5S>, 1J»O3, at 11 o'clock, at
the residence: of his parents, 1801 Union
street. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery. - S
WHEELER— In Oakland. November^, 1903,
a 5 A? W , Grove street. Ellen -Russell, widow
of the late -Rev: O. C. Wheeler, a native of
Connecticut.
W ™n W ? RTH i n this city. November 28.
JW03. Acnes May, dearly beloved wife of
George II.* \\ hltworth. mother of Harry and
George Hall Whitworth. dauarhter of Mr«.
Annie Mahoney. a native ot San Francisco,
aged SI years and 6 months.
1 !? , Ottklan d. November 27, 1903. John
nf^J? ™l hu *, b * nd of Grace ** d father
w~S * ' Ed , dle - Ver*. Grace and Leslie
lo'r^nth. n^d Ve 9 day-a"' 1 "^ **** 4 ° yea "
IT'S t A THRILLER!
"THE \ BOAD THAT
- - MIA, CHOSE." «
BY SARAH* CGMSTOCK.
next:Sunday:caiiIlTHE SAN FBAKCISCO CALL,^
48
HALE'S.
HALE'S.
E-fiJLE'S.
HALE'S.
HALE'S.
HADE'S.
HALE'S.
Handkerchiefs v^''' The Leather store m
Vjr*L * THE HOLIDAY SHOWER " " . . . .;.; And its bounty of gifu>. jFdr^***^
//^M Every one hold out the hands now and catcfr All StylCSI All NCW: All tllC BCSt All tO Sdl UlKlCr Regljlcll PriCCS Large bags n any number. Carriage bags, WJ
'hri) some. Santa Claus has emptied his packs. Away - And just before Christmas! " ' automobile bags, shopping bags and wrist bags. mplgj^
?££$/ flitter the white-winged bots of beauty. How like . At the very height of the silk petticoat season, when you would expect to pay full prices (if They are what women like. Here they are: f%^03f
C^^\ snow will they melt and vanish away under the you eyer r would), comes this chance to pay less and get more than you ever did. Automobile bags even at 75c, with an extra inside pocket
\ JT ' \ warmth of these prices. . - is the stirring. news this morning. to send a thrill to- every feminine heart. : and little purse. $1.25 ones in Russian leather; others $2 >O^
\% ) rt,, nfwMt novelties of all are9 — — — 0 /Look'at the Petticoats Themselves. ' @ ° '•". ' :"' - '" * ."'¦." O and $5. Seal ones with silver frames, $55°.
%f th^l^erchiefs LrLd in the] ..^^^ h83 J . -See HowfrcsK and crisp the silk is? . I " - HOW It Happens V $ 7^ttf$75o
Mf* V shape of a basket of full-blown roses, k^eh r^cy —Feel it— sec how heavy (nothing cheap or flimsy). One factory man wanted to get Then' there are anv number of smaller useful /-^^
M J> t^S^^^^S^^'^S^S^^i 7'-midthemup-ineastirethcm-seeh^wftdlandzvide-not . the Hale trade/ arri >ies for Christmas -ivin^r » S^^
V&j AY i-erchjeis peeping out. mey are „,„ .^ »a .wuiA" ' Two -others • who already had articles tor CliriStmas giving.
>^^ just as useful a5 they are ornamental, onc.tsjztinped. ¦- ,„- big slices of it let us have, their Pocket companion with r^irror and comb, 25c.
>^ $1.50 a box. c b 3^weu to°flS S . . -Tneywere all made, within, last month—made for r^egularsell- inC om P lete lines. Safety ink well with leather cover. 25c %&g^j
/^w The Haad-mad« Handkerchiefs Uu , Bhe _ h er .trunk. ing (not one of them has any excuse in themselves for t)eing SO ; Another had his orders filled Shaving mirror and leather case. 50c. JG&SH&^r
f > ™fc/S y pj£?RSS l h2 S^°$' ? C i S -r ea ;rt?e, ' h^« SS cheap). Here are ' : and a batch of silk left over. Said Medicine case with six small vials, 6 5 c. ' @^^
/> *</ J 4 °S C^sAndupto$io ' ' t °SS? a & P Aff <-•!! n x if we would take it all he would " Desk pads, leather back, leather corners, held in place with
Vm$m/ The' Initial Handkerchief, for 1 *&?*& AH=bllk PettlCOatS $2.75 ' make the petticoats up as -we two large blotters. ;
women in boxes of doren, 7Sc, $1 basket We never heard of the like before. But it isn't alone in the price, but in wanted them and do thc work at; Here aresome Special values we are fortunate iKSfcb^
/~s> aad «j so a box _ handkerchiefs at H m the quality of the silk and the amount of it and the style. It all combines to a loss. We said yes quick, for • ~ nrM1fr i, + ~ v,o,-« fr»r cri'ft hnx'prc; thU vvppk Thev're * i^^^fe
» e /\ \ Children's Initialed Handker- -^^«y >"°sh7t^TtwS make an exceptional offer." , ; we already saw a chante to have enough to have for gift buyers tlllS weeKiney re .^^^
£ V \ chiefs, 3 in a fancy picture box, 2sc bo S «.: she »id «h« Ones. $5.00 Ones. a big sate so desirable, so cheap, we don t expect they wi.1
V*. W ) Another style without initials, 3 in cw«' taT* r the2S This is the next lot; made as good as In this one lot there are almost 300. ' When they had all come in and last long.
U \M a box, 15c j^ndkerchiefs wmj oo they can be made in the latest ways. Among them are as pood as we have we had seen what bareains we ov for' mll,r ,n^ r,,ff J,nv« mmllv soM at Ji ££?£^-
X / Our 3SC and soc ones are prettier seen sold reg. at $10. Blacks and colors, got we marked them closer still 3 oc for collar and cuff bo.\e 3 , usuallj sold at 51.
oO 'M'^( than seen before, which is also true than the money. . ' $42^ Ones ' C< r* to make the sale even more irre- 50c for women's purses, worth f land $1.25; seal, ro'-occo
j#^/\ of the 75c, $1 and $1.25 ones as well. i^Vi ww B »" r\a •* \. • «-"V' ; 9°-7n Unes - . . sistible. Look at the $2.7*. $.1.6.=? and-* walrus; sterling silver corners and center pieces; fj&02$h
JT y \ Some of them are trimmed with very ai.° thing "like them be- Utter a magmncent choosing. They re Another tempting lot. Blacks and and $4.25 ones. manv , tv u s -; : : j>&®C$*$&$£
Vj ' cz Oh what a choosing at 25c! Pretty her neichbon / when • «h« a skirt in any one of the eight lots without a flounce, and 'all. the flounces arc deep. Some accor- 50c for men s pocket memorandum books; regular price $1.
\;*y lacy effects and thc lace insertion in "" dion; s . om , e knife-pleated; others with ruffles and hemstitching. Some flounces are straight; others graduating; ' —^ "IT . - -
» '• :^'v>^ the centers take many shapes. Pick ."Tour clerk. «* some single, some double and some triplicate. None but ihe latest styles. . /w-rx^v>4 1^ I 1^- W Z I lv^C^
c = out a half dozen style* .What more ™ S^STS^^S W^ /-T . w „ T^~7"" V« /^r / •• VJOOQ DlSCK OliKS
acceptable gift could there be? wmethir.i: new, in hand- . J+"^C^u 4 4 1— I \r% 1 5 r-» 1^. 4-U/\ C^/\<*/\5'
ta^u i !L^Ld^s^ IHI naie.s.is tne otore p^^^i^ppsp^ce^^^
some of them are hemstitched, someJH^.^ '¦»: ¦-**«[ -That's what Santa Claus says. He ought to know. Ho is up -here wh Q rc he can see. Look aC -Iiim in There IS no dickenng With quality and no JOckeyingwith prices;
embroidered. O — O his airship rnaking for Hale's. Can it be he still has some more toys for us? This_ store is so full n^w it's nothing that will prove disappointing or COStly, for black Silks, like
°° Cnmp <5r»^riji1 VnTiK»<s at and 7l4c bubbling over (there, children is a scheme for a picture). But hd knows how fast things sell at Hale's.- Ho f a w» i; npn c nr? nr\t pncilv inHo-pd Nn one neerls to h<» an e vnert to
bome special values at ac ana //jc. table linens, are npt easily judgea.i\o one neeas to oe an expen to
; All is fine lawn, with hemstitched and fancy embroidered; effects; some, with pictures it in this way. If you were in the store yesterday or last evening you could see whero he got it he in- gfet their iiionev's worth' in black silt^S Or table linens at Hale's.
One spiration-the fullness and readiness of the Christmas stocks. ".Yes, Hale's-is the store this Christmas." jt B Th „„, " frtfV , K^ n vPArfl . , Mrp |.; nff anf1 -: ft : nty th . -:it.
than we will aak for them. _ . . , you didp'f say it you likely thought it. Here, children, is where your pictures wilf get their warmth anff: en- . The Hale Store has been 27 > ears searching and Sifting the Sllk
m. T ¥"^»* -t • thusiasm— look at .the windo\ys, at the displays, at the variety of tho stocks, av^ the busy ¦•clerks/ at The deliv- market for the best values We've got them.
Here the New Ribbons m%^ a £ s fio . S??- Taffetss
For Christmas. . Children-Make $5.00. I d of scho6]^ asoma y ishcdV 5 widths and each a. different ??Eflli :
FromPflmanrfiVcw^- . Bat Wore you begin roadie I 2 ~? P^Tr Sed? e 3rlelnai ' iiot Q in. ,- j5Sd!&
The new Bayadere Roman ribbon for belting, SOme^autiM conditions carefully if you' would' **fflBEgmBBmS&^ V 3^uUd b tn^ W^^ laCk^ k ° D ,^o-?3 !n Write foT* what you want. You
ornbre ribbons for the neck and some lovely Persian dotted ribbons have youi sketch considered. I V^7*BK™pS«^/ * <;> 4— Must be smaller than 7x9 inches $1.25— 21 in. will be just as satisfied as if you came
for the hat: but richest of all are these new' French ribbons-, 9 in. Then send your pictures in before 1^ /: / 'jj^i ¦-,/ ' -f> : ' \ B-^Vh^d^winfmu^be print $1.50-== in. in_person.
-.vide, in all colorings, with lace inserted; designed especially for ."«* Sunday. , j%|\ Vf^y^ ? S^Kr^^^^ciSS!^ TTl-.^ A**^- C!^^r^:^^
-istS. Sl.IOvd. I ¦ ThiS IS the MhJ t (rE7^>— - S-l^aLe. adZ ane a g e L 1 116 A Ft
\\- ant tiipm lir cvnrix;"; in r^Arr in Viavr» tVipm liprp in limr I 3«r Wppt 7^^U^ Sat*^3p^t»fe@^ the rhil d must accompany th«
Ue got tnem o\ express in o.aer to na\e tnem nere iiMime. Last weeK ( f>v "'^^feaseS; drawing-, (tho. a R e of the child T ivriirsr rhri^tnns nms nf nil
... ... ,, ... . j '•'•'¦ .1 • ¦ •" " ' \ isk. V/55l I f ' MwnMflfla.* — \ -T.-I11 rount in thp contest 1 J-<1 \ t-UtSt V^lll ISlUlclS IILUS Ul Uli.
We are taking tiiem right irom the weavers and giving them tO No more pictures received after % ' >W J^ 7— Mall them to slnU Cllus, Hale's. Scarfs and Shams 2 - c tach _c; om , More Silk Flo^ P : llnw , .,. , ...
... i-. , . ,. ¦ ~, . ¦ ... ,,, Y) c,..j. v n. rp .,u r a t nc( . v y/ — icS'^JfflL^ t ' nr hrinsr thpm to thp «itor«» nnH ocans ana snams 25c cacn — iome xviore iiiK i*ioss r'uiows vutn wnicn
VOU. \Ve want yOU tO look tO.US for your Christmas ribbons. "nf will be printed Sunday. De- r^t^_^^? *Z4_ ' Put ti^ m InTls letter l^x'at & the new ones in all the late designs with to fill .these Christmas tops that
1 hey re all here— at the right prices. cemberi.l. This is necessary to -^ \mammmfSmamm .."tiqiffl g-Send^your Idea even if you «34-jnch hem and a i-inch open- j"l riS^'oS
» ru -w 1 w ., . . -,. . ,, . . ... ;.¦¦?¦':' •, give the judges an opportunity to «.- t . (JU"i->VV f Ha jPslW ,».« ->*3V/ can't drAw very wr;.\. The idea work border. The scarfs arc 52 P- u* ¦« - j «« nned ngiU out
A Gun Metal Bibbon, the newest in The next is a S^-inch .width of a lovely ma ke their decisions. \ . ? V.- •N'd^ counts as much as v.\e drawing. inches long and 16 inches wide tight, loc and 2Oc for the 16-inch
the city; 5 inches wide. 50c a yard. .- t - ff . f _ „,.„„„ j ¦„- 1,^1, - e v - -- ¦ — ¦ rf-~ : r .aicncs ioi.g anu iu mencs wiuc. and jg.,,,^ OQes (That's very
Here is the very latest design mfde in Plain taffela ground, on wjuch is I* *" 7?; - f . np The shams are 31 inches square. unusual.)
cross striped Bayadere Roman Rep scattered J A to $i inch oval Persian I pT 7 C' I Otf^ If ' :; '51 I fnP I O\7^ * Wonder how long they will last? 28c— 20 in. ones. 42c— 24 in. ones.
Bib^on for belting. 75c a yard. dots They're on plain Hvhite cream r L<vl i3 JL-4 V^ Vf J^L^' C*. t» I'HW * " V 4^5 Sofa Pillow Cords, with large tas- 37c — 22 in. ones. 49c— 26 in. ones.
Ombr« Ribbons are stylish, but here's ,.,*.,-. - ' ' — - , --> ; .5 V T. • , : •-• ' . • ¦, .. - sels on each end Those brieht More Reflrf^ irifi I*»wt*lc
She xhost stylish of them all. The color light blue, pink, cardinal, . navy or A museum of wonders for the: little folks and, wMt's unusually.'interesting this week for thrifty parents. silk like ones that have glisten S filth I •
S^S^g^StafSg Wack ground,. Ifs U« nbbon ta >> « |^j|»lEC^ ggff | |||^|Drum^75| S| and luster of sllk . We n«er had Do you" kno^'som™ Km ar«
1OC a vard. > Pans to-day. 55c a yard. It s styl- /iffy^.f/i ,„, „ c , ,, „ > T J " • • • A hurrv : ub offer -/////* Tui better ones nor in fuller lengths to less than wholesalers ask? We bought
Then a handsome 5-inch Liberty Satin i shf mO re so than^you can realize 4Sty}]$@M\\ W hy \ OU Should Buy IS OW . , *%&;% , „ ' ap „ manv ¦ f f . pm : / !<^^C go around the pillows. 22c each. at the right time. Our good fortune
SS^^i^S^S nmessyouseeiVtoritissodifTer- and at Hale's. .,*£ tan^^ey "e^^or^ Fi^shTLbroX^
S^i^r cnt from all other ribbons. ®*J^2 — first time to-morro'w. " xi-inch ones .S"^^^
Thr novelty ribbons are at Hale's-and plain ones, too. These are made \Px^^^ All Mff Hnl! 12 in lon^ioc with wooden- rim/ decorated tin sides. have served their purpose. Now Gold «d d9 .»ver b SSd;, I7o » bunch.
upno.v in ribbon roses, vjolets. poppies (Dresden sprays for the corsage) and g ' 8> Others as low as 10c and as high as thev are reac i v f or clowns out at Jewel ?« "; ma11 " lze - 3 i" c ° do , s - ; n * xt Bl *». ??«
ribbon chrysanthemums so natural that you would take them for the real flow- >M®8fc Even with' the calico slip and bonnet. <d0o ¦ / V 1^ , ar f f "^ r j . Cl °" 1 "!.° Ut <5 , " So-' ""' 6 '' C * "* th * larsest ilae ' 7 *°
ers themselves. A t. • j . 4 -ui jh . a T * / ':££* just half-price— §2.33, 52.75, $3.50 tu* obionrones. I0o and 13c doa. •>-
AH the new ribbon bows are tied free. A half dozen experts are busy all •¦ : -/^fHi%- Another indestructible' doll, stufted c ; . _ and U P to $ 6o ° for pillows -that are star-shaped onea. ev 4 c do*,
thctimc. ./ . , ¦¦''J^SrW' withhair.with fine' bisque head; 1 oy. Sewing Machines. , i&Z^ regularly sold up to $12.00. Eutter^fonf^bknf 0 '
. . '..',[;;'/' r, ;^||l! , : sleweycs, M wig, 15 inches More.thnatoy.foryouandosmall JbjJk^ ~"
F~*f 1 %. T !1I ' 117- A' fff ' II I k 'I long.. Only i-c. sewing with them. , A, splendid, practi- *S5»W // / 1 * +m% ***** #-%-% f\ f\ )\/S 4 I 1 « «4 />««<*r
Wcinncls You II Want %^\Ji ;Ajoint^ JwtJ/ i rimmeu iViiiiincry
v /^^2f »" sleeping eyes, pretty face and^curly girl. > It's simple and easy to use. $1.45, //W & <t» &
— That is, if you are looking for something pretty and not ex- (j^/t^' 18 hair; even a chemise, lace stock- $2.45 and $4.95. ,, $4.75 7 $7.00, $10.00
npii»;ive ' o - LJ nxiiL ¦'' / •• ings and patent leather slippers. 16 . . » ff/wL t> • 1 i. 1 j • .. t T'1 « #«' «« "» ;
pensne. c o . . &?W* - n^, c t,:^,, . Oniv azc Iron Tots A -- W/^t // Bright new ones only made up in the last few days so full of
Here are even a few. German Velours at I2^c. They're heavy cloths for JtSSQ inches high. Only 45c iiuuiu^. W If £ c fv 1o and of such Pood materials tint iv^ hnvr tn L-^ m-,L-in<r nM1 r
bath robes, house coats, even wrappers. They come in rich zigzag pat- Jg® Another beautiful doll, $1.18. Cannot Passenger train, engine and three .^//#/ stvle and Ot such good matenals that A\e ha\e to keep making new
terns, variety of colors.- *GSf^S9 u u ' u t 1 1 "''a « coaches. 45c. Ones tO take their placeSr -^v-
WooT Waistings in striped ideas, pretty for waists and in a good variety /OT T bought rcguianyunaer Another : special- paasenger train. 95c. // gv?? They sell quickly. In some cases the trimmings on these are worth what
of colors 34c yard. Usually sold at 45c. ... wSSfe Stands 21 inches high, has papier- H ook and ladder. 26 in. $1.00. 'X >^I >^k^ we are asking for the hat. There are some ostrich plumes on these $7.00 hats
36-mch Scotch Flannels, in light colors, with mercerized stripes. 40c //^^^ mache body, and the best quality Fire engine, nickel; horses, driver and that would cost $7.00 themselves, and yet when you look at the hats with these
, .-';' r , d - , . . _, . , . .- ."'"¦¦ ¦// 1&tf^ bisaue head sleenine eves verv firemen; 20 in. $1.00. :i ? ;,"^ MX/// *////, plumes on you find them all hand made and in the latest, freshest styles.
And AVool Oxford Flannels, plain and figured. A 75c material -at 58c. kiTM / Disqueneaa.sieeping eyes very Ir nose cart wUh two hors r x fl m s I These $4 75 hata are hand-made, many blacks among them. *a w.u *. bi*ck and whit, oom-
But the last item is the best. . . , U&r//' " ' drlVer ' 5 ° C - / L^Jv The Vioines have beautifuipluxnes. come nat only In black and white, but purpK bin. and
t A Pl^^^^l^i. 4.' C-'ii j ~\/ \ffitf Ilfl mohair curly wig. . , Children like iron toys. : Maybe it's M^T^L brown «had M . No two alike.
IUC rianneieLLeS tO Oell at 7/2C '. I - t >-* h . e choicc - Thc hundred3 and because they can play with them so rl © fjh 4~**AJL JS 7\/I
Stripes and figures and all the leading shades. Splendid wrapper-ma- W&K .'/'/// hundreds of dolls you may see from long without breaking them. Ji*S5& C 11 ¦ ¦ ¦ 4T\^ IVl Afl
terial af a splendid time and at a splendid price. 7^c. ; .. / fK '//// common, rag dolls '(which we are mak- vIllWO lv/1 iTlVll
— ¦ " _ '¦ » I £ ing a bigger feature of this season than Scroll Saw Outfits, 75 What do they like? ', i
s~i II I •-€ A j • n 'III Whi c ver ) U P and U P and up t0 tnOs e beau- In which there is a bracket saw. awl. Q? f '^\ltlll //// ve them somethin 2 4 ° wear.
L f^W attaint /u A f* "Tf 'if* ¦^¦£?' : ' / > IllWm tiful baby-like dolls at $4.4S. $4.0.<>. $5.65. three patterns and other articles com- . % /if*£?/// 1 ' Couple ofv ties, pairl of 'silk suspenders, box of handkerchiefs, a reefer or.
VVlIUIUiU riliiVlCd " ¦"'¦"' II l : lm, $745. $8. $9'and $ioand up to $20 plete with instructions : ior us\n K ; in- M j /^ best of all. a house coat.
$&&/:.§ I we are makine a bijrtrer feature structivc and entertdininK and not ex- Hale's ready with them this week-readier than ever.
PrettV onVinal acrp^ahlp ' ' Emg&LJt I, (wh:ch v%e are makI " K a D!^ er tcature _. $ • /J /?p I 1 Take the Neckwear. Even these 23c tics have
<P^>v *rc"}, ordinal, accep^Oie. ,;.... •-..-, fflwSlJl of than we ever did), which makes Pcnsne. 10c, 2 S c to $1.25. tfl'l/j^ll style and tone not often found at the price: and at 50c. ,^—*
r^-yv ¦ Incy re at their best now. . , , . ". Hale's the place to buy dolls. ; A^ Printing Presses J LtiffSml 75c. $1.00 and $1.50 there is as beautiful a variety of GUf
V\ VS&* If you are looking for something clever and. differ- ¦ '¦¦> ¦¦¦ '¦' ' -J- ¦-'' : " ' ¦ ' '" HiaWJmm. neckties as one would care to find. None but new pat- //?
V \\!^^. ent. tarry a minute among these novelties. We doubt * ace air ! e - : . No boy's life is complete without a JnMI^^^k t ?™ s: a1 / new . shapes. Most of the styles are exclu- fc^#K
\t M if there is a place where 50c, $1.00, $1.50 or-$20O will ' ' ' ' // JnGScSBBBi ¦¦ ~ » /,- 1. : r- \l V^i- r 11 Ti « printing press. There are many new Mfm*7iMMim sive with cs ' . . Hi" ' : - , A../^S
fe '^^^ go as far and get as much- as here. ¦ '^1^^^^ A ¦ ddlght fOf the ht - tle . folks -. . It - S styles; Some of the presses' ink is put S ? T -i ai l o . the r » a PPv thought for A(l
I T^rc are boxes fixed up in new ways for collars covcrcd with « reCn fdt ' has 8 hor5CS on by hand, others self inking. With Zs^Mf -TsiS'si^o ° s"S } S^ -oTnd S m W
-1 %^ and cuffs, for. handkerchiefs, for manicuring sets; most on thc track mounted with iockevs as all of them come type. ink. tweezers. \&' W[ /0 Z^^Susp 5 ender^thli^ i? Pettier stvles and
h£h ;. X? These little sewin»ho«« fnr'rh 1^ f 11 r m ¦ Wl/ well as starting clock. The track is 13 gold and silver and packages of visiting- \>O(?P more of them than we have shown before. 50c to V \
MB \j»t- andleSer, desert 9 -'^^ ¦'¦^^m: '¦¦ inches in diameter. ,$2.7. S ., cards. -59C 98c, **S up to.$3.Q8. -,..J. ; - V" . _ $3.50 a pair. . J . . ' 4
(Jf m Manicure Sets in- celluloid, and stag han- ; : Doll -Furniture,^5c,;5oc. -^Miscellaneous. Wm >
V \V^^ A S^.l -J • 1 il •<'¦*<' ,' ' .* ' ¦" Even a reed cart, with wooden wheels, Bureaus, drop-leaf tables, commodes. settee, 15c. . . c:n. oWIips u-iHc with reil kid erH<;- Jarcr* V, a nrl
W^ carTin^orcase^^' A^ecd cart. - varnished, line, /with Jh?nSS^^^r^||n| 25^"*s. d ecorated toilet set. ., piece, . Of
$M*§} COVC " W ° rkCd "^V? 5 - v -v, - 1^^ 5^!^ 1 deBl *- on the : -WlliteEnamel Doll Beds,;2 5 C. ' ti^^^hboSd § w* " * ° f tabl t "^o^Slntefs are always in place and if you set W^
Th^n the fancy desk calendars, dec- Reodbugffies, 95c. fancy straw^trlmmins Thev. too. aro unusual. They're "nd dothc^'basket tS; T/w^' C - k them them pure linen. Here they are out up in >#rT\
«^' :^SS^ SVi\ orated thermometers, pen wipers, ash and knobs r lined with pretty ngured trimrnVd with knobs and fitted. with wo- a "J I " lot^f f ° as^. et - Th e table itself is fancy boxes of U 2 dozen handsomely . Jl\
M^ <//) tray S . paper cutters.- ¦ - ¦ .;. -^^^S^^ venwire mattress. .17^ lon^ "£ stov^^ /f^V /^J
)rJkf T^VHf =^ k8tan 4 s ' m.. gold: plate, .Let -those; four items stand- for fbrty. ' Magic Lanterns, 95c. with -utensils. 45c comolete S Uk Handkerchiefs initialed arc ( \ V /rfAtf^
tB$3%^ J^S§ oxldlze d. >ronze, cut glass and wood. We wish had the room to tell vou , Made of Russian iron .this season, .. Hard wood ten-pins, striped and var- 25 £ 35C 5^' u u • * Nl^V
T^. v|^>-y»if>s3B^ • . • Smoking Sets 1 are worked' up * in about all. of -them. There, ris- room which makes them ever 'so ; much more nished/ 6 inches, i^c..: Dress SWrts, an excellent choosing. \ jW^»s M>'
¦'WjP^'* «& ' new ways. ¦ One^ of them is the auto- enough in "the '.store to show, them. vWill 1^?' 08^^^^,}!"!??™" • C \ 1 l^^, 1 fu Ck S odrd ', sta nds 45 % inches All new styles prepared especially for sMJS^&SZtjm "¦
Vsk?^ mobile design; /it looks for all the you see them-and before thev are pl %t^i?££^™ ly M i cl ?£S&:- • » : nt^he^p ¦ g °°" h °^ y 1 ? and $I -^ #%/^®
j^J^^VVV world like a ¦ fullrfledged P.icked ;ovcr? _ , - .-, Others up to : 5i5.00. ' ¦• ;:;.' ' '-.-:;-\ J sheet; 05c. ¦ * revolving ', copy, > House ; Coats— call them, smokine . - J^^^>JblA