Sunday Call Literary SectionXIX.
ONE HERO AND ANOTHER.
At Gibraltar Monty waa handed an om
inous locking cablegram, which he opened
tremblingly.
To Montgomery Brewster. Private Yacht
Gibraltar.
.There la an u-rltat'.nn to deelar* for fre«
pIH-r. You may have twtco aa much to
epend. Hooray. JON £3.
To which Monty responded:
Defeat the meaaure at any cost, ffce mor»
the merrier, and charge it to me.
BREWSTER.
P. S. — Please send many cables and mark
them collect.
The Klviera season was fast closing and
the possibilities suggested by Monte Car
lo were too alluring to the host to admit
of a long stop at Gibraltar. But the Da-
Milles had letters to one of the officers
of the garrison, and Brewster could not
overlook the opportunity to give an elab
orate dinner. The success of tho affair
may best be Judged by the fact that tha
Esthetlcally the ball proved to be the
talk of more than one season. Pcttingill
had justified his desire for authority and
made a name which would last. He had
taken matters into his own hands while
Brewster was in Florida, and changed
the period from the Spain of Velasquez to
France and Louis Quinze. After the
cards were out he remembered, to his
consternation, that the favors purchased
for the Spanish ball would be entirely in
appropriate for thfc French one. He wired
Brewster at once of this misfortune and
was astonished at the nonchalance of his
reply. "But then Monty always was a
good sort," he thought, with a glow of
affection. The new plan was more costly
than ,the old, for it was no simple matter
to build a Versailles suite at Sherry's.
Pettingill was no imitator, but he created
an effect which was superbly in keeping
with the period he had chosen. Apainst It
the rich costumes, with their'accompani
ment of wigs and powdered hair, shone
out resplendent. With great difficulty the
artist had secured for Monty a costume
in white satin and gold, brocade,
which might have once' adorned
the person of Louis himself. it
made bin feel like a popinjay ,«and it was
with infinite relief that he took it off an
hour or so after dawn. He knew that
things had gone well, that even Mrs. Dan
was satisfied: but the whole affair made
him heartsick. Behind the compliments
lavished upon him he detected a note of
irony, which revealed the laughter that
went on behind his back. He had not
The invitations for the second ball had
been out for some time and the prepara
tions were nearly complete when Brews
ter arrived upon the soene of festivity. It
did not surprise him that several old-time
friends should hunt him up and protest
vigorously against the course he was pur
suing. Nor did It surprise him when he
found that- his presence was not essential
to the success of some other affair as it
had once been. He was not greeted .as
cordially as before, and he grimly 'won
dered -how many of his friends would
stand true to the end. The uncertainty
made him turn more and more often to
the unquestioned loyalty of Peggy Gray,
and her little library saw him more fre
quently than for months.
Much as he had dreaded the pretentious
and resplendent ball, it was useful to him
in one way at least The "pront" side of
his ledger account was enlarged and in
that there was room for secret satisfac
tion. The Viennese orchestra straggled
Into New York, headed by Elon Gardner,
a physical wreck. In time to make a har
monious farewell appearance behind
Brewster's palms, which caused his guests
to wonder why the American pubiic could
not appreciate the real thing. A careful
summing up of the expenses and receipts
proved that the tour had been a bonanza
for Brewster. The net loss was a trifle
more than $56,000. When this story became
known about town everybody laughed
pityingly, and poor Gardner was almost
In tears when he tried to explain the dis
aster to the man who lost the money. But
Monty's sense of humor, singularly
enough, did not desert him on this trying
occasion.
To Montgomery Bre water, Ntw York: If
you fetl that way about It, I advlie you to
take out a *500 policy. JONES.
To Bwearenxen Jones, Butte, Mont.: Do
you think that amount would cover funeral
expenses T MONTGOMERY BREWSTER.
To MonOromery t>rt»«u:r. New York: You
won't be caring about expenses If It comes to
that. • • JONES.
To Bwearensen Jones. Bum, Mont.: On the
contrary I think life will bt a debt by that
time. MONTGOMERY BREWSTER.
Sweareoccn Jones. Butt*. Mont.: How about
having: mjr life Insured? Would It violate coo-
GltlonsT MONTGOMERY BREW8TER.
To Montgomery BrewsUr, N«w York: B«mi
to me your life would become an asset la that
caae. Can you dispose of It before Septem
ber 23? JONES.
Brewster waa comparatively well and
strong wh«n he returned to J«few York In
March. His illness had interfered exten
sively with his plan of campaign and it
was imperative that he redouble his ef
forts, notwithstanding the manifest dis
may of his friends. His first act waa to
call upon Grant & Rlpley, from whom he
hoped to learn what Swearengen Jones
thought of his methods. The lawyers bad
heard no complaint from Montana, and
advised him to continue as he had begun,
assuring him, as far as they could, that
Jones would not prove unreasonable.
An exchange of telegrams -Just before
his operation had renewed- Monty's dread
of his eccentric mentor.
NEW YORK, Jan. «, 19 —
THE NEW TENDERFOOT.
"i'et they charitably help him to spend
bis money. And I have noticed that even
"Generosity!" exclaimed Barbara, sharp
ly. "It's sheer idiocy. Haven't you
heard the things people are saying? They
ere calling him a fool, and in the clubs
they are betting that he will be a pauper
within a year."
"To my certain knowledge he has spent
more than four hundred thousand dollars
since last September. That is something,
is it not?" Miss Drew said, in her slow,
cool voice, and even Peggy's loyalty ad
mitted some Justification In the criticism.
"Generosity has ceased to be a virtue,
then?" she asked coldly.
Barbara drew herself up and kept her
eyes on the road which lay white and
Cleaming in the sun. "I have not the
least desire to be set straight." And she
was never more serious.
"But it was only a few weeks ago that
you were engaged."
"I am sorry," answered Barbara, "that
it should have been talked about so much.
Mr. Brewster d»d ask me to marry him,
but I never accepted. In fact. It was only
his persistence that made me consider the
matter at all. I did think about ft. I
confess that I rather liked him. But it
was not long before I found him out."
. "What do you mean?" And there was
a flash in Peggy's eyes. "What has he
done?" . '.-.¦¦¦¦
"What Is the use. Miss Drew, of taking
an attitude like that? I know the situa
tion pretty well, and I can't believe that
cither Monty or you has lost in a week
a feeling that was bo deep-seated. I know-
Monty much too well to think that he
would change so easily." Peggy still, lived
largely in her ideals. "And you are too
fine a thing not to have suffered under
this misunderstanding. It setms as if a
very nna!l word would set you both
straight."
"Miss Gray, please do not mention Mr.
Brews-ter*s name to me again." Inter
rupted Barbara, with a contraction of the
eyebrows. But Veercy was seized with a
spirit of defiance and plunged reck
lessly on.
Barbara's only response was to touch
her pony a little too sharply with the
whip. Peppy went on as If unconscious
of the challenge.
"He has been bored to death, poor fel
low, in the house all this time, and "
"The dottor says Monty may go out
driving to-morrow," she began. "Isn't
that finer*
Peppy Gray was in despair over Mon
ty's attitude. 6h« had become convinced
that behind hla pride he waa cherishing
a secret longing' for Barbara. Yet ahe
could not see how the walls were to be
broken down if he maintained this icy
reserve. Ehe was sure that the masterful
tone was the cne to win witu a girl like
that, but evidently Monty would not ac
rrpt advice. That he was mistaken about
Barbara's feeling she did not doubt for
a moment, and she saw things going
hopelessly wrong for want of a word.
There were times when she let herself
drram of possibilities, but they always
ended by seeming too Impossible. She
cared too much to make the attainment
of her vision seem simple. She cared
too much to be sure of anything.
At moments she fancied that she might
say a wcrd to Miss Drew which would
straighten things out. But there was
snmr thir.p about her which held her. off.
Even now that they were thrown together
more or less she could not get beyond
a certain barrier. It was not until a
runny day when she had accepted Bar
bara's invitation to drive' that things
seemed to po more easily. For the first
time she felt the charm of the. girl, and
for the first time Barbara seemed unre
servedly friendly. It was a quiet drive
-they were taking through the woods
and out- alonp the beach, and somehow
in the open air things simplified them
selves. Finally, in the softness and the
idle warrrth. even an allusion to Monty,
•whose nam<> usually meant an embarrass
lnp chanpe of subject, began to seenj pos
sible. It was inevitable that Peggy should
"bring It in; for with her a question of
tact was never allowed to dominate when
things of moment were at -stake. She
rowered before the plunge, but she took
It unafraid.
A few days later Mrs. Prentiss Drew
and Miss Drew registered at the Ponce
de Leon, ar.d there was much specula
tion upon the chances for a reconciliation.
Monty, however, maintained a strict sl
lerce on the subject, and refused to sat
isfy the curiosity cf his friends. Mrs.
Drew had brought down a small crowd,
including two pretty Kentucky girls and
a young Chicago millionaire. She lived
well and sensibly, and with none of the
extravapar.ee that characterized the cot
"tape. Yet it was inevitable that Brew
pur's puests should Bee hers and Join
some of their rising parties. Monty
pleaded that he was not well enough to
he in these excursions, but neither he nor
Barbara cared to over-emphasize their
estrangement.
QUARRELS and dissensions were
becoming every-day embarrass
ments, and the venture waa an ut
ter failure from a financial point
of view. Broken contracts and law
su'.ts were turning the tour into one con
tinuous round of looses, and poor Gard
ner waa on the point of de-
Fpair. From the beginning, appar
ently, the concerts had been
marked for disaster. Public indifference
had aroused the pcorn of the Irascible
members of the orchestra, and there was
imminent danger of a collapse in the or
ganization. Gardner lived in constant
fear that h!s troop of quarrelsome Hun
garians would finish their tour suddenly
in a pitched battle with daggers and
Ftein*. Brewster smiled at the thought
of the practical Gardner trying to smooth
down the electric emotions of these musl-
Yes, dear reader, the fourth, and
la«t Installment of "Brewster's Mil
lions" next Sunday will solve the
mystery of whether young Monty
got the extra six millions for spend
ing one million and lost the girl or
g-ot the girl and lost the six millions.
It's perfectly fascinating, no matter
which way your interest lies.
"Undoubtedly," replied Peggy, but many
thoughts were dashing through her brain.
"Shall we turn back to the cottage?"
she said, after an awkward silence.
"You certainly don't approre of Mr.
Brewater'a conduct?" Barbara did not
like to be placed in the wrong, and felt
that she must endeavor to Justify herself.
"He is the most reckless of spendthrifts,
we know, and he Indulges in even lesa re
spectable excitement."
Peggy waa not tall, but she carried her
head at thla moment aa though she were
in the habit of looking down on the world.
"Aren't you going a little too far, Miss
Drew?" she asked placidly.
"It Is not only New York that laugha
over his Quixotic transactions," Barbara
persisted. "Mr. Hampton, our guest from
Chicago, says the stories are worse out
there than they are in the East"
"It is a pity that Monty's illness should
have made him ao weak," said Peggy
quietly, as they turned In through the
great Iron gates, and Barbara was not
slow to see the point.
Barbara hesitated only a moment.
"Well, you must admit, Miss Gray, that
it ehows a shameful lack of character.
How could any girl be happy with a man
like that? And, after all, one must look
for one's own fate."
worldly mamma* find Mm eligible." Th«
oomment not waa without lta c*u*tlo *ld».
"That wu months ajro, my dear," pro
tested Barbara., calmly. "When he spoke
to me— he told me It would be impossible
for him to marry within a year. And
don't you *ee that a year may make him
an abject beggar?"
"Naturally anything: la preferable to a
beggar." came In Peggy's clear, soft
voice.
realized how Euen !t would hun. ~*r\
two cents/" he thought. "I'd rive up the
|un« and be satisfied with what's left."
But he reflected that such a course woulC*
offer no chance to redeem himself. One* .
again he took up the challenge and da
termined to win out. "Then," he thought .
exultantly, "I'll make them feel this a
bit." . . •
He longed for the time when he. could . .
take his few friends with him and sail away to the Mediter
ranean to escape the eyes and tongues of New York. Im
patiently he urged Harrison to complete the arrangements,
bo that they could start at once. But Harrison's face was
not untroubled when he made hla report. All the prelim
inary details had been perfected. He bad taken the Flitter
for four months, and It was being overhauled and put Into
condition for the voyage. It had been Brown's special pride,
but at his death It went to his heirs, who were ready and
eager to rent It to the highest . bidder. It would not have
•been easy to find a handsomer yacht In New York waters.
A picked crew of fifty men were under command of Captain
Abner Perry. The steward was & famous manager and oould
be relied upon to stock the larder In prinoely fashion. The
boat would b« In readiness to sail by the 10th of April.
"1 think you are going In too heavily, Monty," pr*
tested Harrison, twisting hl« flngtrs nervously. "I can't
for my life figure how you can get out for lea* thin* r
fortune. If we do everything you have In mind. Wouldn."
It b« better to pull up a WtT This looks . like sne*r
madness. You won't have a dollar, Monty— honestly
you wont." '
"It's not In me to save money, Nopper, but
If you can pull out a few dollars for yourself I shall
not object."
"You told me that once before, Monty, said
Harrison, as he walked to the window. "When
he resolutely turned back again to Brewster.
his face was white, but there was a look of
determination around the mouth.
"Monty, I've got to give up this Job," h«
said huskily. Brewster looked up quickly.
"What do you mean, Nopper?"
"I've got to leave, that's all," said Harrl-
Bon, standing stiff and straight and looking
over Brewster's head. •
"Good Lord, Nopper, I can't have that. You
must not desert the ship. What's the matter,
old chap? You're as white as a ghost. What
Is It?" Monty was standing now and his hands
were on Harrison's shoulders, but before the
Intensity of his look his friend's eyes fell help
lessly. . .
"The truth is, Monty, I've taken some of
your money and I've lost It. That's the reason
I— I can't stay en. I've betrayed your confi
dence."
"Tell me about It," and Monty was perhape
more uncomfortable than his friend. VI don t
understand."
"You believe too much In me, Monty. You
see, I thought I was doing you a favor. You
were spending eo much and getting nothing In
return, and I thought I saw a chance to help
you out. It went wrong, that's all, and before I
could let go of the stock J60.000 of your money had
gone. I can't replace It yet. But God knows I
didn't mean to steal."
"It's all right. Nopper. I see that you thought
you were helping me. The money's gone and that
ends It Don't take It bo hard, old boy."
"I knew you'd act this way, but it doesn t help
matters. Borne day I may be able to pay back the
money I took, and I'm going to work until I do.
Brewster protested that he had no use for the
money and begged him to retain his position of
trust he had held. But Harrison had too much- self
respect to care to be confronted daily with the man
he had wronged. Gradually Monty realized that
"Nopper" was pursuing the most manly course open
to him. and gave up the effort to dissuade him. He
insisted upon leaving New York, aa there was no
opportunity to redeem himself in the metropolis. •
"I've made up my mind. Monty, to go out West,
up In the mountains perhaps. There's no telling.
I may stumble on a gold mine up there-and-well.
that eeems to be the only chance I have to restore
what I have taken from you." ; ,, Tf
"By Jove, Nopper. I have it!" cried Monty. If
you must go. I'll stake you In the hunt .for goMl
In the end "Nopper" consented to f ° ll0W . Br ® w
sterns advice, and it was agreed that they should
share equally all that resulted from his prospect
ing tour. Brewster "grub-staked hm for a
7 £r. and before the end of the week a new
tenderfoot was on his way to the Rocky
Mountains.
one. Do you know what I mean?"
"Peggy, dear, please don't lecture
me." Le begged so piteoualy that sh©
could not be serious.
"The class Is dismissed for to-day,
Monty," one said airily. "But the pro
fessor knows his duty and won't let yoli
off so easily next time."
b«a done her utmost, she said, to be nlc*
Efww ? and make him feel that she appre
a^i?hls eeWosity. but he took It In the
that the quarrel might have an end. Hi*
¦aid u they shook hands, "that you hav.
@SS SMI •& «»-*..*
a cruisa in the Mediterranean.
"I've heard something of It Tb«y had
reached the main floor and Colonel Drew
had drawn his companion out of the
crowd into the rotunda. "Th« money !•
at your disposal at any moment. But
aren't you setting a pretty lively P«».
my boy? You know I've, always liked
yVu. and I knew your grandfather rathe*
welL He wae a food old chap. Monty.
and he would hate to ••• rw» mMX *
ducka and drakee of hi* fortun*."
There wu something In the colonel ¦
manner that softened BrewiteT, muoa
as he hated to take a reproof from Bar
bara's father. Once ii»ln he wa»
tempted to tell the truth, but n» pulled
himself up in time. "It's a funny old
world, colonel." he said, "and sometimes
one's nearest friend Is a stranger. 1 know
I seem a fool: but. after all. why Un t
It good philosophy to make the meet of
a, holiday and then settle back to work?"
"That la all very well. Monty, and
olonel Drew was entirely serious: ?'but
i the work Is a hundred times harder
\ after you have, played to the limit.
You'll find that you are way be
yond It. It's no joke getting
back Into the harness."
"Perhaps you are right, col
onel, but at least I shall hav«
something to loog back
npon— even If the worst comes.
And Monty Instinctively straight
ened his shoulders.
>They turned to leave the build
ing, and the colonel had a moment
of weakness. »
"Do you know. Monty." he said,
"my daughter Is awfully cut up about
this business. She Is plucky and trie*
not to show It, but after all a girl doesn t
get over that sort of thing all In a mo
ment. I am not Baylng"-it seemed.
neceesary to recede a step— "that It would
be an easy matter to patch up. But I
like you, Monty, and If any man could
do It. you can."
"Colonel, I wish I might, and Brew
ster found that he did not hesitate. "For
your sake I very much wish the situation
were am simple as It seems. But there
are some things a man can't forget, and
—well— Barbara has shown In a dozen
¦ways that she has no faith m me." /
"Well I've got faith In you. and a lot
of It. Take care of yourself, and when
you get back you can count on ma. Good
by."
On Thursday morning th* "Flitter"
steamed down the bay, and the flight of
the prodigal grandson was on. No
Bwifter, cUaner. handsomer boat ever
Balled out of the harbor of New York,
and It was a merry crowd that she car
ried out to sea. Brew ster*0 guest* num
bered twenty-five, and they brought with
them a liberal supply of maids, valet*
and luggage. It was not until many
weeks later that he read the vivid de
scriptions of the weighing of the anchor*
which were printed In the New York
papers, but by that time be wa* Imper
vious to their ridicule.
On deck, watching en* ragged silhou
ette of the city disappear Into th* mists,
were Dan DeMille and Mrs. Dan, Peggy
Gray, "Rip" Van Winkle, Reginald Van
derpool, Joe Bragdon, Dr. Lotless and his
Bister Isabel. Mr. and Mrs. Valentine—
the official chaperon— and their daughter
Mary. "Subway" Smith, Paul Pettlnglll,
and some others hardly less distinguished.
As Monty looked over the eager crowd
he recognized with a peculiar glow that
here were represented his best and truest
friendships. The loyalty of these com
panions had been tested, and he knew
that they would stand by him through
everything.
There was no little surprise when It
was learned that Dan DeMlile was really
to sail. Many of the Idle voyagers ven
tured the opinion that he would try to
desert the boat in mldocean if he saw a
chance to get back to his club on a west
bound Sieamer. But DeMille, big. Indo
lent and indifferent, smiled carelessly, and
hoped he wouldn't bother anybody If he
"stuck to the ship" until the end.
For a time the sea and the sky and the
talk of the crowd were enough for the
Joy of living. But after a few peaceful
days there was a lull, and It was then
that Monty gained the nickname of Alad
din, which clung to him. From some
where, from the hold or the rigging or
from under the sea, he brought forth
four darkies from the south who strum
med guitars and sang ragtime melodies.
Mure than once during the voyage they
were useful.
t "Peggy," said Brewster one day,
when the sky was particularly clear
and things were quiet on deck, "on
the whole I prefer this to crossing
the North River on a ferry. I rather
like It, don't you?"
"It seems like a dream," she cried,
her eyes bright, her hair blowing la
the wind.
"And, Peggy, do you know what I
tucked away In a chest down in
my cabin? A lot of books that you
like— some from the old garret. I've
saved them to read on rainy days."
Peggy did not speak, but the blood
began to creep Into her face and she
looked wistfully across the water.
Then she smiled.
"I didn't know you could save any
thfng." she paid weakly.
**t'ome now, Peggy, that Is too
much."
i "I didn't mean to hurt you. But
you "must not forget, Monty, that
there are other years to follow this
THE SUNDAY CAM*
XVIII.
THE PRODIGAL. AT SEA.
Harrison's departure left Brewster In
sore Btralta. It forced him to settle down to
the actual management of h s own affairs.
He was not indolent, but this was not the
kind of work he cared to encourage. The pri
vate accounts he had kept revealed some ap
ri t oSmg over 5450,000 In six months. Bu : tc .hi,
22? vs '
throneh the sale of furniture and other De
lSgs Jnd then there would be something
irSSlO interest to consider But luck had
aided him In getting rid of «¦ pong' ™£
bank failure had cost him $113.4GS 2o and
-Nopper" Harrison 'had helped him to the.
extent of JCO.OOO. The reckless but deter
minedf effort to give a ball had c-t fW
What he had lost during hi lllne » u JJJ
$18 500. and his princely dinners and the
ater parties had footed up $31,000. Taking
all the facts into considerat Ion .he , felt
that he had done rather well as far as
te had gone, but the hardest part of
rtifrrp^-ion^f « c s~ n ~
which must disappear before September
5 Abit $40,000 had already been ex
pended in the yachting project. _
He determined to begin at once a sys
tematic campaign of ««n c »°»- " £**
been the Intention before sailing to^dis
pose of many household articles, either
?y sale or gift. As he did not expec t
upon a. generous sum for sa larle ¦ and
?ou!d leave the final settlement of his
affairs for the last month. As the day -
for Balling approached, the world
again seemed brleht to this most
mercenary of spendthrifts. ¦ • , ;
A farewell consultation with his .
attorneys proved encouraging, for
to them Mb. chances to win the ex
traordinary contest seemed of the
best He was in high spirits as he
left them, exhilarated by the sen
sation thkt the world lay before
him. In the elevator he encou-
tered Colonel Prentlss Dre-
On both sides tb*
meeting was no'
without Its dif
ficulties. The col
onel, had been .
dazed by the ln-^
explicable situa
tion between Mon
ty and his daugh
ter, whose Involu
tions he found
hard to under
stand. Her sum
mary of the ef
fort she had made
to effect a recon
ciliation, after
hearing the story
of the bank, was
rather vague. She
BREWSTERS MILLIONS
2THE SUNDAY CAIiliU
3
"rimer**" larder temilxed aa entirely
new stock the next day. The of
ficers and ladles of the garrt
son were asked, and Monty would have
entertained the entire regiment with beer
end sandwiches if his friends had not In
terfered.
"It might cement the Anglo-American
alliance," argued Gardner, "but your
pocketbook needs cementing a bit more."
Yet the pocketbook was very wide
open, and Gardner's only consolation lay
In a tail English girl whom he took out
to dinner. For the others there . were
many compensations, as the affair was
brilliant and the new element a pleasant
relief from the Inevitable monotony.
It was after the guests had gone ashore
that Monty discovered Mr. and Mrs. Dan
holding a tete-a-tete In the stern of the
boat
"I am sorry to break this up," ho in
terrupted, "but as the only conscientious
chaperon In the party, I must warn you
that your behavior Is already being talked
about The Idea of a sedate old married
couple sitting out here alone watching the
moon! It's shocking."
"I yield to the host," said Dan, mock
ingly. "But I shall be consumed wHh
jealousy until you restore her to me."
Monty noticed the look In Mrs. Dan's
eyes as she watched her husband go, and
marked a new note In her voice as she
said, "How this trip is bringing him out*
"He has Just discovered." Monty ob
served, "that the club Is not the only
place In the world."
"It's a funny thing." she answered,
"that Dan should have been so misunder
stood. Do you know that he relentlessly
conceals his best side? Down underneath
he is the kind of man who could do a fine
thing very simply."
"My dear Mrs. Dan, you surprise me.
It looks to me almost as though you had
fallen In love with Dan yourself."
"Monty." she said, sharply, "you are as
blind as the rest Have you never seen
that before? I have played many games,
but I have always come back to Dan.
Through them all I have known that he
was the only thing possible to me— the
only thing In the least desirable. Its
a queer muddle that one should be tempt
ed to play with fire even when one is
monotonously happy. I've been singed
once or twice. But Dan Is a dear and he
has always helped me out of a tight
place. He knows. No one understands
better than Dan. And perhaps If I* were
less wickedly human he would not care
for me so much."
Monty listened at first in a sort of
daze, for he had unthinkingly accepted
the general opinion of the De-
Mille situation. ' But - there were
tears In her eyes for a moment and the
tone of her voice was convincing. It came
to him with unpleasant distinctness that
he had been all kinds of a fool. Look
ing back over his Intercourse with her,
he realized that the situation had been
clear enough all the time.
"How little we know our friends!" he
exclaimed, with come bitterness. And a
moment later, 'Tve liked you a great deal,
Mrs. Dan, for a long time, but to-night—
well, to-nirht I am Jealous of Dan."
The "Flitter" saw some rough weather
in making the trip across the Bay of
Lyons. She was heading for Nice when
an incident occurred that created the first
real excitement experienced on the voy
age. A group of passengers in the main
Baloon was discussing, more or less
stealthily, Monty's "misdemeanors."
when Reggy Vanderpool sauntered lazily
In his face displaying the only sign of
interest it haa shown in days.
"Funny predicament I was Just In," he
drawled. "I want to ask what a fellow
should have done under the circum
stances."
"I'd have refused the girl." observed
"Rip" Van Winkle, laconically.
"Girl had nothing to do with it old
chap." went on Reggy. dropping into a
chair. "Fellow fell overboard a little
while ego." he went on. calmly. There
was a chorus of cries and Brewster was
forgotten for a time. "One of the sailors,
you know. He was doing something In
the rigging near where I was standing.
Puff! Off he went into the sea, and there
he was puttering around In the water."
"Oh. the poor fellow." cried Miss Val
entine.
"I'd never set eyes on him before — per
fect etranger. I wouldn't have hesitated
a minute, but the deck was crowded with
a lot of his friends. One chap was his
bunkie. So. really now. it wasn't my
place to jump in after him. He could
ewlm a bit, and I yelled to him to hold
up and I'd tell the captain. Confounded
captain wasn't to be found though. Some
body said he was asleep. In the end I
told the mate. By this time. we were a
mile away from the place where he went
overboard, and I told the mate I didn't
think we could find him If we went back.
But he lowered some boats and they put
back fast Afterward I got to thinking
about the matter. Of course If I had
known him— If he had been one of you—
It would have been different"
"And vou were the best swimmer In
college, you miserable rat," exploded Dr.
Lotless.
There was a wild rush for the upper
deck, and Vanderpool was not the hero
of the hour. The "Flitter" had turned
and was steaming back over her course.
Two small boats were racing to the place
where Reggy's unknown had gone over.
"Where Is Brewster?" shouted Joe
Bir^aon.
"I can't find him, sir," answered the
first mate.
"He ought to know of this," cried Mr.
Valentine.
" lere! By the eternal, they are pick-
Ing somebody up over yonder," exclaimed
the mate. "See! that first boat has laid
to and they are dragging — yes, sir, he's
eaved."
A cheer went up on board and the men
in the small boats waved their caps in
response. Everybody rushed to the rail
as the "Flitter" drew up to the boats,
and there was Intense excitement on
board. A gasp of amazement went up
from every one.
Monty Brewster, drenched but smiling,
eat In one of the boats, and leaning limp
ly against him, his head on his chest, wai
the sailor who had ' fallen overboard.
Brewster had seen the man In the water
and. Instead of wondering what his an
tecedents were, leaped to his assistance.
When the boat reached him his uncon
scious burden was a dead weight and his
own strength was almost gone. Another
minute or two and both would have gone
to the bottom.
As they hauled Monty over the side he
shivered for an instant, grasped the first
little hand that sought his so frantically,
and then turned to look upon the half
dead sailor.
"Flnd'out that boy's name. Mr. Abertz.
and see that be has the best of care. Just
before he fainted out there he murmured
eomething about his mother. He wasn't
thinking of himself even then,' you see.
And Bragdan" — this in a lower voice —
"will you see that his wages are properly
Increased? Hello. Peggy! Look out. you'll
get wet to the skin if you do that"
XX.
LE ROI 8'AMUBE.
If Montgomery Brewster had had any
misgivings about bis ability to dispose of
the balance of his fortune they were dis-
T,«n«rf vprv soon after his party landed in
the Rrrierla. On the pretext that the
yacht required a thorough "house dean
lug" Brewster transferred hi* guests toths
hotel of a fascinating village which waa
near the sea and yet oulte out of the
world. The place was nearly empty at
the time and the proprietor wept tears of
Joy when Monty engaged for bis party
the' entire flrst floor of the house with
balconies overlooking the blue Mediterran
ean and a separate dining-room and salon.
Extra servant* were summoned, and the
Brewster livery was soon a familiar sight
about the village. The protests of. Peggy
and the others were only silenced whtn
Monty threatened to rent a villa and go
to housekeeping.
The town quickly took on the appear-'
ance of entertaining a royal visitor and a.
number of shops were kept open longer
- than usual In the hope that their owners
might catch some of th« American's
money. One morning Philippe, the hotel
proprietor, was trying to Imprest Brews-,
ter with a gesticulatory description of
the glories of the Batallle de Flours. It
seemed quite Impossible to express the
extent of his regret that the party had
not arrived In Urn* to see It
"This is quite another place at that
time," he said ecstatically. "C'est xnag
nlflque! c'est super be 1 If monsieur had
only seen it!" '
"Why not have another all to our
selves r* asked Monty. But the sugges
tion was not taken seriously.
Nevertheless the young American and
his host were In secret session for the
rest of the morning, and when the result
was announced at luncheon there was
general consternation. It appeared that
ten days later occurred the fete day of
some minor saint who had not for years
been accorded the honor of a celebration-
Monty proposed to -revive the custom by
arranging a second carnival. •
"You might Just as well not come to tho
Riviera at all," he explained, "if you
can't see a carnival. It's a simple mat
ter, really. I offer one prize for the best
decorated carriage ' and another xo the
handsomest lady. Then every cna puts,
on a domino and a mask, thrown confetti
at every one else, and there you are."
"I suppose you will have the confetti
made of thousand-franc notes, and offer
a house and lot as a prise."- And "Brag
don feared that his sarcasm was almost
Insulting. *. • •¦•¦ . «
"Really. Monte, the scheme Is ridicu
lous," said DeMllle, "the police won't al
low It" ' . i
"Won't they, though I" said Monty, ex-.
ultantly. "The chief happens to be Phil
ippe's brother-in-law, and we had him on j
the telephone. He wouldn't Ustun to the
scheme until we agreed to make him.
grand marshal of the parade. Then he
promised tht co-operation of the entire
force and hoped to Interest his colleague,
the chief of the fire department."
"The parade will consist of two gen
darmes and the Brewster party in car
riages," laughed Mrs. Dan. '.'Do you ex
pect us to go before or after the bakery
carts?"
"We review the procession from the
hotel,", said Monty. "You needn't worry
about the fete. It's going to be great
Why, an Irishman lsn f t fonder of march-
Ing than these people are of having a
carnival."
The men in the party went Into execu
tive session as soon as Monty had gone
to Interview the local authorities, and
seriously considered taking measures to
subdue their host's eccentricities. But
the humor of the scheme appealed to them
too forcibly, - and almost before they
knew It they were making. plans- for the
carnival. j
"Of course we can't let him do it, but
it would be sport," said "Subway" Smith.
"Think of a cake-walk between ' gen
darmes and blanchiseuses."
"I always feel devilish the moment I
get a mask on," said Vanderoool, "and
you know, by Jove, I haven't felt that
way for "years."
"That settles It, then,"- said DeMille.
"Monty would call It off himself if he
knew how It would affect Reggie." -.' "
Monty returned with the announcement
that the' Mayor of the town would declare
a holiday If th* American jpuld see his
way to pay for the repairs on the malrie
roof. A circus, which was traveling In
the neighborhood, was guaranteed ex
penses If It would stop over and occupy
the square in front of the Hotel de Vllle.
Brewster's enthusiasm was such that no
one could resist helping him, and for
nearly a week his friends were occupied
In superintending the erection of tri
umphal arches and encouraging the shop
keepers to do their best. Although
the scheme had been conceived in
the spirit of a lark it was not so received
by the townspeople. They were quite se
rious In the matter. The railroad officials
sent advertisements broadcast, and the
local cure called to thank Brewster for
resurrecting, aa it were, the obscure
saint. The expression of his gratitude
was so mingled with flattery and appeal
that Monty could not overlook the hint
that a new altar piece had long been
needed.
The great day finally arrived, and no
carnival could have been more bizarre or
more successful. The morning was de
voted to athletics and the side sho-ws. The
pompiers won the tug of war, and the
people marveled when Monty duplicated
the feats of the strong man In the circus.
DeMille was called upon for a speech,
but knowing, only ten words of French,
he graciously retired in favor of ', the
Mayor, and that pompous little man made -
the most of a rare opportunity. Refer
ences to Franklin and Lafayette were so
frequent that "Subway" Smith Intimated
that a rubber stamp must have been used
In writing the address.
The parade took place in the afternoon
and proved quite the feature of the day.
The question of precedence nearly over
turned Monty's plans, but the Chief of
Police was finally made to see that if he
were to be chief marshal it was only fair
that the pompiers should march ahead of
the gendarmes. The crew of the Flitter
made a wonderful showing. It was led
by the yacht's band, which fairly outdid
Sousa, In noise, though it was less unani
mous In the matter of time. All the fia
cres came at the end, but there were so
many of them that at times they were
really" leading the procession despite the
gallant efforts of the grand marshal. .
From* the., balcony of the hotel Monty
and- his' party pelted those below with
flowers and confetti. More allusions to
Franklin and. Lafayette were made when
the cure and the Mayor halted the pro
cession and presented Monty with an ad
dress richly engrossed on imitation parch
ment Then the school children sang and
the crowd dispersed to meet again In the
evening.
3 At' 8 o'clock Brewster presided over a
large banquet, and numbered among his
guests every one of distinction 'In' the
town. The wives were also Invited and
.Franklin and- Lafayette were again al
luded to. Each of the men made at least
one speech, but "Subway" Smith's third
address was the hit of the evening. Know-
Ing nothing but English, he had previous
ly clung consistently to that language,
but the third and final address seemed. to
demand something more friendly and
.genial. With a sweeping 'bow and .with
all the dignity of a statesman he began:
-M^^-g et Messleursi -Tel, tu as, fl
a, bods avons,"— with a magnificent gest
ure, **youm avez." The French members
of the company were not equal to his pro
nunciation and were under the impres
sion that he was still talking English.
They were profoundly Impressed with his
deference and grace and accorded his pre
amble a round of applause. The Ameri
cans did their utmost to persuade him to
be seated, but their uproar was mistaken
by the others for enthusiasm, and the ap
plause grew louder than ever. "Subway"
held up his hand for silence, and his
manner suggested that he was about to
utter some peculiarly Important thought
He waited until a plnfall could have
been heard before he went on.
"Maltre corbeau sur un arbre perche— "
he finished the speech as he was being
carried bodily, from the room by DeMllle
and Bragdon. The Frenchmen then Im
agined that Smith's remarks had been
Insulting, and his friends had silenced
him on that account. A riot seemed im
minent when Monty succeeded In restor
ing silence, and with a few. tactful re
marks about a Franklin : and Lafayette
quieted the excited guests.
The evening ended with fireworks and
a dance In ihe open air— a dance that
grew gay under the masks. The wheels
had been well oiled and there was no
visible failure of the carnival spirit. To
Brewster It seemed a mad game, and he
found It leas easy to play a part behind
the foolish mask than he expected. His
own friends seemed to elude him, and the
coquetries of the village damsels had
merely a fleeting charm. He was stand-
Ing apart to watch the glimmering crowd
when he was startled by a smithered cry.
Turning to investigate, he discovered a
little red domino, . unmistakably fright
ened, and trying to release herself from
a too ardent Punchinello. Monty's ar
rival prevented him from tearing off the
girl's mask and gave him an entirely new
conception of the strenuous life. He arose
fuming and'sputtering, but he was taken
in hand by : the crowd and whirled from
one: to another in whimsical mockery.
Meanwhile Monty, unconscious that his
mask had dropped during the encounter,
was astonished to feel" the little hand of
the red domino on his arm and to hear a
voice not all unfamiliar to his ear.
"Monty, you are a dear.. I love you for
that." You looked like a Greek athlete.
Do you know— It was foolish, but I really
was frightened."
'.'Child, how; could it have happened?",
he whispered, leading her away. "Fancy
my little Peggy with no one to look after
her. What a: beast I was to - tru3t you
to Pettingill. I might have known the
chump would have been' knocked out by
all this color. "f He stopped to look down
at her and a .light came Into his eyes.
"Little Peggy in the great world," he
smiled; '"you are not fit. You need— well,
you need— Just me."
But 'Mrs. Valentine had seen him as he
stoood revealed,; and came up in search
of Peggy. It was almost morning, she
told her. and quite time to go back to
the hotel and ,6leep. So In Brag^Ion's
charge they; wandered off, a bit reluctant
ly, a bit lingerlngly.
It was'not until Monty was summoned
to rescue "Reggie* Vanderpool from the
stern arm of the law that he discovered
the identity of .Punchinello. Manifestly
he had not been in a condition to recog
nize his assailant, and a subsequent dis
agreement had -driven the first out of his
head. The poor boy was sadly bruised
about the. face and his arrest had prob
ably saved hinv from r worse punishment.
"I told you I couldnt wear a mask," he
explained - ruefully ¦ as Monty led him
home. "But how could I know that he
could hear roe- all the time?" t ]
The day after the carnival ' Brewster.
drove his guests over. ; tof Monte/jbarlo.
He meant to stay only long enough to
try his luck at the tables and lose enough
to make up for the days at sea when his
purse was necessarily idle. Swearengen
Jones was forgotten, and soon after his
arrival he began to plunge. u VAt first he
lost heavily,- and It was with difficulty
that he concealed " his Joy. ~ Peggy Gray
was watching him, and" in*- whispers im
plored him to stop, but Mrs. Dan excited
ly urged him to continue, until the luck
changed. To the girl's chagrin it waa
the more reckless advice that he followed.
In so desperate a situation he felt that
he could not stop. But his luck turned
too soon. -•
"I can't afford to give up," he said,
miserably, to himself, after a time. "I'm
already a winner by five thousand dollars,
and I must at least get rid of that."
Brewster became the center of interest
to those who were not playing and
people marveled at his luck. They
quite misinterpreted his eagerness
and the flushed anxious loojr with
which he followed each spin of the wheel.
He had chosen a seat beside an English
Duchess whose practice it was to appro
priate the winnings of the more Inexpe
rienced players, and he was aware that
many of his gold pieces were being de
liberately stolen. Here he thought waa at
least a helping hand, and -he was on the
point of moving his stack toward J her
side when DeMllle Interfered. He had
watched the Duchess, and had called the
croupier's attention to her neat little
method. But that austere - individual si
lenced him by saying in surprise, "Mais
c"est madame la Duchesse^ que voulez
vous?"
Not to be downed so easily, DeMille
watched the play from behind Monty's
chair and cautioned his friend at the first
opportunity.. ¦ •
"Better cash in and change your seat,
Monty. They're robbing you," he •whis
pered.
"Cash in when I'm away ahead of the
game? Never!" and Monty did his best
to assume a joyful tone.
;At first he played with no effort at sys
tem, piling his money flat on the numbers
which seemed to ha-ve least chance j of
winning, but he simply could not lose.
Then he tried to reverse different systems
he had heard of, but they turned out to
be winners. Finally In desperation he be-,
gan doubling on one color in the hope that
be would . surely lose In the end, but his
particular fate was against him. With*
.his entire stake on the red the ball con
tinued to fall in the red holes until the
croupier announced that the bank was
broken.
Dan DeMille gathered in the money and
counted forty thousand dollars before he
handed it to Monty. His friends were
overjoyed when he left' the table, and
¦wondered why. he looked so downhearted.
Inwardly he berated himself for not tak
ing Peggy's advice.
"I'm so glad for your sake that you did
not stop when I asked you, llunty, but
your luck does not change my belief that
gambling la next to stealing," ' Peggy
was constrained to say as they 'went to
supper. " •" * • . .
"I /wish I had taken your advice," he
said gloomily.
"And missed the fortune you have won?
How foolish of you,'_Monty! You were a
loser' by several thousand '.dollars then,"
she objected with whimsical inconsis
tency.' - - ¦.-.•; ¦'. •. ¦ . . ,
"But, Peggy," he sald's quiet\y, looking
deep into her, eyes, '"it -would have-won
me your respect? .-iv. ,;¦.;*.¦¦• -
"""' ( xxi.--. .-.-•,¦ '¦;. . ¦
FAIRYLAND. r
¦ Monty's situation;' was desperate. Only,
a little . more than six thousand dollars ,
had been spent on the carnival and no
opportunity , of annlhilrtlng the roulette
winnings seemed to offer Itself. His ex
perience at Monte Carlo did not encour
age him to try again, and Peggy's atti
tude toward the place was distinctly an
tagonistic. The Riviera, presenting no
new opportunities for extravagance, It be
came necessary to seek other worlds.
"I never before understood the real
meaning of the phrase 'tight money,' "
thought Monty. "Lord, if it would only
loosen a bit and stay loosened." Some
thing must be done, he realized, to earn
his living. Perhaps the role of the prince
ly proligate would be easier In Italy than
anywhere else. He studied the outlook
from every point of view, but there were
moments when it seemed hopeless. Bae
deker was provoklngly barren of sugges
tions for extravagance and Monty grew
Impatient of the book's small economies.
Noticing , some chapters on the Italian
lakes, in an inspired moment he remem
bered thaf Pettingill had once lost his
heart to a villa on the lake of Como.
Instantly a new act of the comedy pre
sented Itself to him. He nought out Pet
tlngill and demanded a description of his
castle in the air.
"Oh, It's a wonder." exclaimed the
artist, and his " eyes grew dreamy. "It
shines out at you with its white terraces
and turrets like'those fascinating castles
that Maxfleld Parrlsh draws for children.
It is fairyland. You expect to wake and
find it gone."
"Oh, drop that. Petty," said Brewster,
"or it will make you poetical. What I
want to know : is who owns It and Is It
likely to be occupied at this season?" ¦
"It .belongs to a certain Marquise, who
is a widow with no children. They say
she has a horror of the place for some
reason and has never been near It It Is
kept as though she were to turn up the
next day, but except for the servantB It
la always deserted."
"The very thing," declared Brewster;
"Petty, we'll have a house party."
"You'd better not count on that Monty.
A man I know ran across the place once
and tried for a year to buy It But the
lady has Ideas of her own." ¦
"Well, if you wish to give him a hint or
two about how to do things, watch me.
If you don't spend two weeks In your
dream castle, I will cut the crowd and
sail for home." He secured the name of
the owner, and found that Pettingill had
even a remote idea of the address of her
agent Armed with these facts he set
out in search of a courier, and through
Philippe he secured; a Frenchman named
Bertier, woo was guaranteed to be sur
prisingly ingenious in providing methods
of ' spending money. "To him Brewster
confided his scheme, and Bertier re'allzed
-with rising enthusiasm that at last he
had secured a client after his own heart.
He was able to complete the address of
the agent of the mysterious Marquise,
and an inquiry was immediately tele
graphed to him.
The agent's reply. would have been dis
couraging to any one but Brewster. It
stated that the owner had no Intention
of leasing, her forsaken castle for any
period whatever. The profligate learned
that a fair price for an estate of that
kind for a month .was ten . thousand
francs, and he wired an offer of five
times that sum for two weeks. The
agent replied that some delay would be
necessary while he communicated with
his principal. Delay was the one word
that Brewster did not understand, so he
wired him an address in. Genoa, and the
Flitter -was made ready for sea. Steam
had been kept up and her «coal account
would compare favorably with that. of an
ocean liner.- Philippe was breathleas
with Joy when he was paid .in advance
for* another ¦ month • at the hotel, on the
assumption that the party might be
moved to return at any moment. The
little town was gay at parting and Brew-
Bter and his guests were given a royal
farewell.
At Genoa the mall had accumulated and
held the attention of the yacht to the ex
clusion of everything else. Brewster was
somewhat crestfallen to learn that the
lady of the villa haughtily refused his
princely offer. He won the life-long de
votion of his courier by promptly increas
ing. It . to one hundred . thousand francs.
When this too met with rejection there
was a pause and a serious consultation
between the two.
"Bertier," exclaimed Brewster, "I must
have the thing now. What's to bo done?
You've gotto help me out."
But the Courier, prodigal as he was of
gestures, had nb words which seemed per
tinent.
"There must be some way of getting at
this Marquise." Monty continued, reflec
tively. "What are her tastes? Do you
know anything about her?"
Suddenly the face of the courier grew
bright. "I have it," he said, and then he
faltered. "But the expense, monsieur— it
would be heavy."
"Perhaps we can meet it," suggested
Monty, quietly. "What's the idea?"
It was explained, with plenty of action
to make It clear. The courier had heard
in Paris that madame la Marquise had a
passion for automobiles. But with her In
adequate fortune and the many demands
upon it it was a weakness not readily,
gratified. The machine she had used dur
ing the winter was by no means up-to
date. Possibly if monsieur— yet it was too
much — no villa —
But Brewster's decision was made.
"Wire the fellow," he said, "that I will
add to my last offer a French machine of
the'latest model and the best make. Say,
too, that I would like immediate posses
sion."
He secured It, and the crowd was trans
ferred at once to fairyland. There were
protests, of course, but these Brewster
had grown to expect, and he was learning
to carry things with . a high hand. The
travelers had been preceded by Bertier,
-and greeting- they ¦_ received from the
steward of the estate and hla Innumer
able assistants was very Italian and full
¦of color. A break in their monotony was
welcome. ¦ .
The loveliness of the villa and .Its
" grounds, which sloped down to the gentle
lake, silenced criticism. For a time it was
supremely satisfying ; to do nothing. Pet
tlngill wandered about as though he could
not believe it was real.. He was lost in a
kind of atmosphere of ecstacy. To the
others', who took it more calmly. It was
sllll a' sort of paradise. Those who were
happy found In It an Intensification of
happiness, and to those who were sad It
offered' the tenderest opportunities for
melancholy. Mrs. Dan told Brewster that
only a poet could have had this Inspira
tion. And Peggy added, "Anything after
thla.would be an antl-cllmax. .Really,
Monty.'.you, would better take us home."
••'I feel like the boy who was shut in a
closet, for punishment and found it tho
place "where they kept the jam," said
V'Subway."' "It Is almost as good' as own
ing. Central Park."
,; The st&b'es were well equipped and the
days wore on in a wonderful peace. It
iwas on/a radiant afternoon, when twelve
"of the crowd had started out after. tea for
a long • ride toward " Lugano, that Monty
determined to call Peggy' Gray to ac
count. He was'certaln s that she had de
liberately avoided him for days and weeks
and he could find no reason' for It. Sour
after hour he had lain awake wondering
where he had failed her; but the conclu
sion of one moment was rejected the next.
The Monte Carlo episode seemed the most
plausible cause, yet even before that he
had noticed that whenever he approached
her she managed to be talking with some
one else. Two or three times he was sure
she had seen his Intention before she took
refuge with Mrs. Dan or Mary Valentine
or PettlngllL The thought of the last
name gave Monty a sudden thrllL What
if it were he who had come between
them?. It troubled him, but there were
moments when the Idea seemed Impossi
ble. As they mounted and started off the
exhilaration of the ride made him hope
ful. They were to have dinner In the open
air in the shadow of an abbey ruin some
miles away, and the servants had been
sent ahead, to prepare It It went well,
and with Mrs. Dan's help the dinner was
made gay. On the return Monty, who was
off last, spurred up his horse to join Peg
gy. She seemed eager to be with the rest
and he lost no time with a preamble.
"Do you know, Peggy," he began,
"something seems to be wrong, and I am
wondering what It is."
"Why, what do you mean, Monty?" as
he paused. •
"Every time I come near you, child, you
seem to have something else to do. If I
Join the group you are In It is the signal
for you to break away."
"Nonsense, Monty, why should I avoid
you? We have known one another much
too long for that"
But he thought he detected some contra
diction In her eyes, and he was right The
girl was afraid of him. afraid of the sen
sations he awoke, afraid desperately of
betrayal. \
"Pettlngill may appeal to you," he said,
and his voice was serious, "but you might
at least be courteous to me."
"How absurd you are, Monty Brew
ster." The girl grew hot. "You needn't
think that your million gives you the
privilege of dictating to all of your
guests."
"Peggy, how can you?" he Interjected.
She went on ruthlessly. "If my conduct
Interferes^ with your highness' pleasure I
can easily Join the Preatons In Paris."
Suddenly Brewster remembered that
Pettlngill had spoken of the Prestons and
expressed a fleeting wish that he might
b« with them in the Latin quarter.
"With Pettingill to follow, I suppose."
he said icily. "It would certainly give
you more privacy."
"And Mrs. Dan more opportunities,"
she retorted as he dropped back toward
the others.
The artist Instantly took his place. The
next moment he had challenged her to
a race and they were flying down the road
in the moonlight. Brewater, not to be
outdone, was after them, but it was only
a moment before his horse shied violent
ly at something black in the road. Then
he saw Peggy's horse galloping riderless.
Instantly, with fear in his throat, he had
dismounted and waa at the girl's side.
She was liot hurt, they found, only
bruised and dazed and somewhat lamed.
A girth had broken and her saddle turned.
The crowd waited, silent and somewhat
awed, until the carriage with the servants
came up and she was put into It. Mrs.
Dan's maid waa there and Peggy insisted
that she would have no one else. But as
Monty helped her in. he had whispered,
"You won't go, child, will you? How
could things go on here?"
XXII.
PRINCE AND PEASANTS.
The peacefulness of fairyland was
something which Brewster could not af
ford to continue, and with Bertier he was
soon planning to invade it. The automo
bile which he was obliged to order for
the mysterious Marquise put other ideas
into his head. It seemed at once abso
lutely necessary to give a coachingfparty
in Italy, and as coaches of the right kind
were hard to find there and changes of
horses most uncertain, nothing could be
more simple and natural than to Import
automobiles from Paris. Looking into
the matter, ho found that they would
have to be purchased outright, aa the
renting of five machines would put his
credit to too severe a test. Accordingly
Bertier telegraphed a wholesale order,
which taxed the resources of the manu
facturers and caused much complaint
from some customers whose work was
unaccountably delayed. The arrange
ment made by the courier was that they
were to be taken back at a greatly re
duced price at the end of six weeks. The -
machines were shipped at once, five to
Milan and one to the address of the mys
- terious Marquise in Florence.
It was with a sharp regret that Monty
broke into the idyl of the villa, for the
witchery, of the place had got into his
blood. But a stern sense of duty, com
bined with the fact that the Paris chauf
feurs and machines were due In Milan on
Monday, made him ruthless. He was as
tonished that his orders to decamp were
so meekly obeyed, forgetting that his so
llcitous guests did not know that worse
extravagance lay beyond. He took them
to Milan by train and lodged them with
some splendor at the Hotel Cavour. Hera
he found that the fame of the princely
profligate had preceded him, and his
portly host was all deference and atten
tion. All regret, too, for monsieur waa
Just too late to hear the wonderful com
pany of artists who had been singing at
La Scala. The season was but just end
ed. Here was an opportunity missed, in
deed, and Brewater'a vexation brought
out an Ironical comment to Bertier. It
rankled, but It had Its effect. The courier
proved equal to the emergency. Discov
ering that the manager of the company
and the principal artists were still In
Milan, he suggested to Brewster that a
special performance i would be very dif
ficult to secure, but might still be possi
ble. His chief caught at the idea and
authorized him to make every arrange
ment, reserving the entire house for his
own party.
"But the place will look bare," protest
ed the courier, aghast.
"Fill It with flowers, cover it with tap
estries," commanded Brewster. "I put
the affair In your hands and I trust you
to carry It through .in the right way.
Show them how it ought to be done."
Bertier'a heart swelled within him at
the thought of so glorious an opportunity.
His fame, he felt, was already established
In Italy. It became a matter of pride to
do -the thing handsomely, and the neces
sary business arrangements called out all
his unused resources of delicacy and dip
lomacy. When It came to the decoration
of the opera-house, he called upon Pet
tlngill for assistance, and together they
superintended an arrangement which cur
tained oft a large part of the place and
reduced it to livable proportions. With
the flowers and lights, the tapestries and
the great faded flags, It became some
thing quite- different from the usual
empty theater.
To the consternation of the Italians,
the work had been rushed, and it was on
the evening after their arrival in Milan
that Brewster conducted his friends in
state to the Scala. It was almost a tri
umphal progress, " for he, had generously
if unwittingly given the town the most
princely sensation In years, and curi
osity was' abundant Mrs. Valentine,
who 'was In the carriage with Monty,
'wondered ©p«nly why ttutx wsr» attract* -
Ing so much attention.
"They take na for Amitrtrmn Dn£es and
Princesses," explained Montr. *T!iey
never eaw a white man before.**
"Perhaps they expected us to ride en
buffaloes," Bald Mrs. Dan. "with IiKTInn
captives In our train." >
"No." "Subway" Bmlta protested. "I
seem tp see disappointment Is their faces*
They are looking for crowns and scepters
and a shower of gold coin. Really. Mon
ty, 'you don't play the cam* as yon
should. 'Why, Z could give yon points on
the potentate act myself. A milk-white
steed, a few clattering attendants in
gorgeous uniforms, a lofty nod bar* and
there, and little me distributing silver la
"the rear."
"I wonder,** exclaimed Mrs. Dan, "12 .
they don't get tired now and then of be-
Ing potentates. Can't you fancy living
in palaces and longing for & thatched cot*
tare?"
"Easily," answered •"Subway" wttlx ft
laugh. "Haven't we tried It ourselves*
Two monius of living upon nothing but
fatted calves Is more than I can stand.
We shall be ready for a horns for dys-»
peptics , If you can't slow down a bit,
Monty."
Whereupon Mrs. Dan evolved a plan,
and promptly began to carry tt out by
inviting the crowd to dinner the next
night Monty protested that they would
be leaving Milan In the afternoon, and
that this was distinctly his affair and ha
was selfish.
But Mrs. Dan was very sure* "My dear
boy, you can't have things your own way
every minute. In another month you will
be quite spoiled. Anything to prevent
that. My duty Is plain. Even If I have
to use herolo measures, you dine with me
to-morrow."
Monty recognized defeat when he met
It, and graciously accepted her very kind
Invitation. The next moment they drew
up at the opera-house and were ushered
in with a deference only accorded to
wealth. The splendor of the effect waa
overpowering to Brewster as well as to
his bewildered guests. Aladdin. It
eeemed, had fairly outdone himself. The
wonder of It was so complete that It was
some time before they could settle down
to the opera, which was "Alda," given
with an enthusiasm that only Italians
can compass.
During the last intermission Brewster
and Peggy were walking In the foyer.
They had rarely spoken since the day of
the ride, but Monty noticed with happi
ness that she had on several occasions
avoided Pettlngill.
"I thought we had given up fairyland
when we left the lakes, but I believe you
carry it with you," she said.
"The trouble with this," Monty replied,
"Is that there are too many people about.
My fairyland Is to be Just a little differ
ent."
"Your fairyland. Monty, will be built of
gold and paved with silver. You will sit
all day cutting coupons In an office of ala
baster."
"Peggy, do you too think me vulgar?
It's a beastly parade. I know, but It
can't stop now. You .don't realize the
momentum of the thlng.*^
"You do It up to the handle," she put
In. "And you are much too generous to
be vulgar. But It worries me, Monty, it
worries me desperately. It's the future
I'm thinking of — your future, which is
being swallowed up. This kind of thing
can'fgo on. And what is to follow It?
You are wasting your substance, and you
are not making any life for yourself that
opens out."
"Peggy," be answered very seriously.
"you have got to trust me. X can't back
out. but I'll tell you this: Tou shall not
be disappointed in me In the end."
There was a mist before the girl's eyva
aa she looked at him. "I believe you,
Monty," she said simply; "I shall not for
get."
The curtain rose upon the next act, and
something In the opera toward the end
seemed to bring the two very close to
g-ether. As they were leaving the theater
there waa a note of regret from Peggy.
"It has been perfect," she breathed, "yet
Monty, Isn't It a waste that no one els*
should have seen It? Think of these
poverty-stricken peasants who adore mu
sic and have never heard an opera."
"Well, they shall hear one now." Monty'
rose to It. but he felt like a hypocrite In
concealing his chief motive. "We'll re
peat the performance to-morrow night
and fill the house with them."
He was as good aa his word. Bertler
was given a task the next day which was
not to his taste. But with the assistance
of the city authorities ho carried It
through. To them It was an evidence of
insanity, but there was something prince- i
ly about it and they were tolerant. I
The manager of the opera-house
was less complacent, and he had an ex- '
clamatory terror of the damage to his up- !
holstery. But Brewster had discovered
that In Italy gold Is a panacea for all
ills, and his prescriptions were liberal. To i
him the day was short, for Peggy's Inter- :
est '- the rgpunce, as it came to b« called, '
was so keen that sho insisted on having'
a hand In the preliminaries. There was
something about the partnership that ap
pealed to Monty.
To her regret the DeMllle dinner Inter
fered with the opening of the perform
ance, but Monty consoled her with th»
promise that the opera and Its democratlo
audience should" follow. During the day
Mrs. Dan had been deep In preparations
for her banquet, but her plans were elab
orately concealed. They culminated at
eight o'clock In the Cova not far from
the Scala, and the dinner was eaten in
the garden to the- sound of music. Tet
it was an effect of simplicity with which
Mrs. Dan surprised her guests. They
were prepared for anything but that, and
when they were served with consomme.
spaghetti— a concession to the chef— and
chops and peas, followed by a salad and
coffee, the gratitude of the crowd waa
quite beyond expression. In a burst of
enthusiasm "Subway" Smith suggested a>
testimonial.
Monty complained bitterly that he- him*
self had never received a ghost of a tes
timonial. He protested that It was not
deserved.
Why should you expect it?" exclaimed
Pettlnglll. "when have you risen from ter
rapin and artichokes to chops and chic
ory? When have you given us nectar and
ambrosia like this?"
Monty was defeated by a unanimous vota
and Mrs. Dan's testimonial was assured.
This matter settled. Peggy and Mrs. Val
entine, with Brewster and Pettlnglll,
walked over to the Scala and heard again
the last two acts of "Alda," But the
audience was different, and the applause.
The next-day at noon the chauffeurs from
Paris reported for duty, and five gleam-
Ing French devil-wagons steamed off
through the crowd in the direction of
Venice. Through Brescia and Verona and
Vlcenza they passed, scattering largess
of silver in their wake and leaving a trail
of breathless wonder.
It was there that he suddenly recalled
to his duty from dreams of moonlight on
the water, by a cablegram which de
manded $324 before It could be read.
" It contained word for word the parable
of the ten talents and ended with the slm
p»e word "Jones."
(Concluded Next Btmday.) />;;•.'He laughed. "It's too bad, dear. Go
on to the: woods, Elsie. I won't insist
on going. I was on my way to your
place. I had hoped for this day with
you."- ............. . . ...
She>>laughed 'tremulously. "I wish you
wouldn't .hope., Jack. I'd like to have
you— for— for a friend. If only— "
"I'd be .content with that. Well, I
won't. I want you for my wife, want to
A rich glow came to her pale cheeks.
So . stalwart and determined, she felt
afraid of him, afraid he would make, her
love him, make her faithless to poor, ab
sent Dave.
"I'm going to see Mrs. Young," she
faltered. ¦¦":'.-•,'-"¦"
It was a man's voice and a man's eyes
that gazed Into hers," both telling theic
love for the slender creature In the gray
hat. ' ' . /. ¦ ':'"•:''<¦ '¦ .
It was a pretty face the mirror held,
a sweet, womanly face, with a happy,
girlish smile. vShe turned away with a
little sigh, and went lightly down the
steps into the street. It was a holiday,
and school-t« aching was serioua work
with conscientious Elsie Wentworth. She
was glad of the rest, the day outdoors,
the sunshine and pure air.
"Where are you going, Elsie?"
IS £ — ;¦ — -V— .Jj HE gray hats aren't a
1 « very Pretty shade this
li-^ivlP VyV-l ycar> " said the saIes "
\k\VHjj //«•" i lady. "Brown would
rCV^lH r^/&) lo °k well with your
r*jy<if\lraj f"S^. \ hair: here's a beauty."
I i £lffi~ki?rj H " ru take thls gray
Us-T^ttaasaHjfeJjJJi one," said Elsie, un
heeding. ;
In her own room she put the hat on
and studied herself intently in the mir
ror. Brown would have been more be
coming, she decided. She was too pale
for gray now.
It had been six years since she had
made that promise. It was just as she
bid him good-by. "You look like a pink
rose in that gray hat, darling," he had
said. "I shall expect to see your dear
face under just such a hat when I come
home." So for six years, summer and
winter she had worn a gray hat; six
years in which she had heard from him
but twice, and that shortly after he left.
But she believed ln him, Joved, excused
him. Aweary, sometimes; but never des
pairing, she remained steadfast. He had
gone to Africa; that was so far away,
and offered so many opportunities for her
tender heart to find excuses. She feared
always for his safety, but never his con
stancy.
She answered hla kiss first, smiling and
dimpled, then—a frightened look flashed
over the happy face. What— oh. what if
Dave had been true, had come back! She
hugged the doctor again frantically.
"It was the gray hat." she cried. "It
was a hoodoo. I tore It up last night. I
was never so happy aa while pulUoff It
to pieces."
The next one came In slowly— a slender.
graceful creature, with fair, flushed fae©
peering out shyly from und.er a soft whits
hat covered with blue corn Cowers, the
color of her eyes.
"Jack!"
He turned quickly. *»?• «m# swift toe*,
and caught her In hi* anna.
"Elsie, my darUns:**
Dr. 8tewart was ctrtataly not slow
witted.
"When— how?" ho QuestlonetS, kissing
her all In a brrnth.
She put her arms nround hla neek and
hugged him tightly.
"Ever since t knew you," she whis
pered. "I've wantM you— you— you! Oh.
Jack, I can never love you enough to
make up for what I'va mlsseti."
He laughed, puzzled but blissful.
"Then why?" he asked.
whether she came or went, was glad or
sorrowful. She sobbed on pitifully. All'
night long she lay awake, going over,
year by year, the time between.
It was almost morning before she could
believe that Dave was actually out of her
life and — and
She sat up in bed and laughed and
cried all ln a breath. It was most won
derful. She climbed out of bed. found]
the little gray hat and. bit by bit. tore
It into shreds. She laughed asain. then
cried again, and. all flushed and rosy, lay
down and slept peacefully till long past
sun up.
John Stewart sat In his efflce listening
gravely to his patient recount his Ills.
He gave him a prescription, sralied. asked
him about the children, bowed him out.
smiled again, and sat down to wait the
next patient. Thev caroa oft«ner now:
a few years before they had been few and
far between.
Three years! And she waiting, watch-
Ing, hoping, loving. Wife and baby, home,
love, everything to fill his life! And she?
An orphan,. living alone, no one to care
Elsie rushed blindly out of the house,
pazed, she made her way home, the pret
ty head sadly drooping under her faith
ful gray hat. She laid It off and sat
down beside it and gave way to tears —
tears that pride had held back till she
was away from prying eyes.
"Or a green one," said Elsie. Irritably.
Brown, white, blue, had been recommend
ed; why not green, red, purple, she
thought desperately.
"Walt," said her friend, as she was
leaving. "I got a picture yesterday of
Frank and Annie and a friend of theirs
and her husband."
She handed Elsie the picture. There,
sure enough, were Frank and Annie
Young, and— Elsie clutched wildly at the
little cardboard— Dave Brady, with a
woman sitting ardhly on his knee, hla
eyes gazing at her adoringly.
"They, had them take.n that way just
for fun." explained Mrs. Young. "Annie
and Emma were friends years ago. and
they came across each other last month
at Manila. They've both been married tha
same length of time— three years— and
there's not a month's difference in the
ages of the children. Emma's Is a girl,
though." •
"I should— then." The strangeness of
her voice held him. "Good-by," she said
lightly, and hurried away.
Her eyes grew troubled, piteous. She
did so want to see Dave. It came over
her with a rush just how unhappy she
was, how lonesome. Her heart ached al
most to bursting. The woods no longer
attracted her. She turned toward Mrs.
Young's listlessly.
"You're all worn out." said that lady
with concern. "That gray hat takes the
color out of your face, too. Gray's not
becoming, Elsie; get a blue one next
time."
"Jack," she said firmly, "I don't love
you; will never marry you. This talk of
yours makes me unhappy. Will you
please not repeat it."
"Not till I see you again." he said good
humoredly. "Another gray hat, by Jove!"
his eye catching its freshness. "I believe
those gray hats are my hoodoo. Some
thing Is. You love me all right, darling.
Get a white hat. Elsie; white trimmed
with blue corn flowers, just the color of
your eyes. I think you'd say 'yes' then."
have a home with you in It, want to"have>
you to go home to, want to work, plan,
save,* spend, for you. It's all you, Elsie.
Are you really going to Mrs. Young's,
dear?"
I- a j^ j ADFORD HOYT totted
I l-rL^^j^^T- |j along the cliff path, a
{^ISE^OciM m:ivln S mas>3 ot cloaks
3)H^^^mV H s Kfinlal face, hot
ryf/B^VHIvR ly flushpd . smlleo as
T^g*t»^j"q.|j| though he wng right
[^mwiigSBcaaS^fi-i in the fun of 'he mer
ry party ahead. The tall, graceful girl,
who seemed the center of it. stopped sud
denly, pushing her heavy hair back from
her forehead.
"Who said this wasn't summer, and
where is the, lighthouse?" she demanded.
1 " 'Tis but a step, my ,lady fair."
The man who spoke was usually to be
found at Elise Crompton's side. He turn
ed as he answered her and flung a light
coat back to • Hoyt.
"Here, Rad, you seem to be the gen
eral burden bearer," he drawled easily.
"Mr. Jerold! What a shame!" ' Ellse
laughed. But she glanced rather con
temptuously at Hoyt.
The coat struck the young fellow's
shoulder and slipped to the ground. The
smile did not leave his face as he passed
on. In the grateful shade of the light
house he dropDed hla load amid a mur
mur of thanks from the girls.
"Where's my coat?" Jerold examined
the pile of wraps on the ground.
"Where you threw It probably." Hoyt
picked up a stone and shied It with easy
strength into the water.
"I threw It to you!". Herold's face
flushed with chagrin.
"Did you? Well, I only fag for wom
en."
Ellse Crompton turned, and for the first
time in their acquaintance looked direct
ly et Hoyt.
"Why, he's a man," she thought won
derlngly.
His eyes met and held hers steadily
for a moment. She looked quickly away,
annoyed to find herself blushing under
hla jtaze. "•
After that she felt like a ship swept
from Its destined course by a strong
wind. Hitherto she had acquiesced ln her
mother's wish that this outing might end
In her engagement to Jerold, though well
aware that wealth was his one recom
mendation. But that look of Hoyt's had
been as a steady breeze on a foggy day.
That afternoon she strolled down to the
rocks alone. Hardly had she seated her
self when a man's voice reached her,
coming In admonitory jerks from around
the next promontory .i
Ellse leaned forward and saw Hoyt sit
ting quite near her. Between his knees
he held the shaggiest and most forlorn of
mongrels. His hand was firmly closed
upon one of the dog's forepaws.
"Here, Jerold!" the girl drew back
quickly— "help me. will you? The poor
beast has cut his paw almost in two on a
broken bottle."
The girl quivered at the harshness of
the voice that answered. I.
"Oh, let the cur alone. Where" has
every one disappeared to?"
Hoyt'8 reply sounded as though hla
teeth were closed on something, and Ellse
could hear the noise of tearing cambric.
When Jerold passed out of sight she
rose. Hoyt, had finished his bandaging
and, followed by the mongrel on three
legs, was ascending to the cliff path
above.
"Look here, Tatters, old fellow," he ad
monished, "you'd better go home— If
you've Rot one to go to, which I very
much doubt. I could never take you to
the hotel, you know."'
He. swerved at a sharp cry from Elsie.
One foot had become wedged between the
rocks. ¦ Her body swayed uncertainly,
while her face grew white with the agony
of a sprained ankle.
With a bound Hoyt was at her side.
"You'd better Fit down while I go for
a carriage," he said quickly. ;
Suddenly a ray of humor shot Into her
eyes. Tatters stood before her, his ban
daged paw pathetically uplifted in a ludi
crous demand for sympathy.
"Oh, poor fellow! I know how badly It
hurts; there are two of us!" she exclaim
ed, ruefully. Then she turned her face up
to Hoyt. "How good you are; how
good!"
Hoyt felt himself turning dizzy under
•her look.
"Leave the dog with me," she said sud
denly. "I— I would like to keep him al
ways, if I may."
, "You!"
Hoyt stared In amazement from the girl
In her young beauty to the battered ani
mal at her feet. And yet, incongruous as
it seemed, he could not deny to himself
as he strode away that there had been
something— something for him— in the
eyes of both, which it meant madness to
think of ln connection with Elise Cromp
ton.
That evening she sat on the piazza in
a low steamer chair with Hoyt beside
her.
Tatters, who had protestingly been in
itiated Into the ways of higher living
through soap and water, lay curled up on
the end of her soft gown. \
"Is ; Jerold to be ¦ congratulated— yet?"
Hoyt turned to her suddenly.
. She was looking off near the moon-lit
water and did not withdraw her gaze.
"Mr. Jerold will never be congratulated
as far as I am concerned," she answered
quietly.^
Hoyt's hand closed over the one which
rested on the arm of her chair. Ellse
looked up and saw his face, white and
streaked in the moonlight. She withdrew
her. fingers and lightly touched his coat
sleeve. '
"Why— don't you— say it?" Her eyes
were smiling naively Into his.
"Say. it! I never have been mad enough
.to dream that^lt would -be r any, use. I
have loved you -from the first moment . I
saw yqu-f-sweetheart!" *
If e,ver Tatter's needed four legs it was
then. * . » • ,
ELSIE'S GRAY HAT
By Maravene Kennedy.
"TATTERS"
By M. Louise Cummins.
Ionel Blngs, or would have had If the man
ager hadn't cut sticks and left him in the
lurch. The girl had made up her mind
that nothing less than $1000 per week
could command such talent as that, and
that hundred-dollar bills were as common
- as matches to him, and he took some
thing cf a drop In her estimation.
In the play he had saved a sweet-faced
heroine whose- tears had captured Miss
Hattle's sympathies at an early stage,
although at the same time she had been
made a little jealous by her being carried
around ln the hero's arms when ¦>*•
$30 per week for playing the part of Col-
on his Jacket or trousers, and he didn't
mince his food, like a hero. On the con
trary, as brother BUI took occasion to re
. mark, he "Just shoveled It in" and put
the hired man to the blush. It was a dis
" appointment, but Hattie was not discour
- qged. She cat down with her hero that
evening to draw him out. He was ready
to be drawn. He said tie got a Balary of
Kit -*> A ISS HATTIE 8AUN
' 1 i^j^^Vfflf! ij \H DERS . daughter cf
"f^W wt^nTHLtfEi arnaer Saunders of
$ vlrrlfl Redfleld County, while
DW//^Bul Visltln S her aUnt ln
- • 1 \£ /rHM^atwi tJle clty ln the late
•P'(j|j gyW/f/wftgll spring attended the
laHai tesaJ theater several times.
end for a special reason she attended
• on© particular play three different times.
The epeclal reason was because the hero
captivated her heart within fifteen min
utes after the curtain went up. In the
. four acts of the play be rescued bis love,
- killed three men, rode a bucking broncho,
sot the best of a land shark and found
si million dollars ln gold ln a cave, He
was a man to do and to dare, and when
he shouted "Zounds!" and "S'death!"
whole tribes of hostile Indians had to flee
before him.
Wnlle the country maiden fell ln love
" with Colonel Bings and adored his hero-
Ism, the had to depart for home without
having tcld Mm anything about it. Other
• girls, who also loved and adored, may
have sent him notes and bouauets, but
Hattie would have been frightened at the
Idea. Bh» departed for home, hiding her
feelings from everybody, and her brother
BUI and her father's hired man never
. looked as common to her before. The Idea
• ef one of them pulling out a revolver and
crying "Zounds!" seemed like the rankest
bcrlesQtie to her.
Providence brought things around in a
Queer way two months later. That Is,
It brought Colonel Blngs. as he had been
earned on the programme, to the farm
cf Abel Eaunders as a boarder. Farmer
Baunfiers didn't hacker for boarders, and
his wife agreed that It wouldn't be worth
the bother; but Hattie settled It as Boon
aa she cot eyes on the stranger. Here
was the hero of the play standing be
fore her. bat In hand, and she would have
riven five years of her life rather than
that he should eo elsewhere. He was
out for a fortnight's vacation, and was
willing to sleep on a straw bed and eat
potatoes with the Jackets on, and after
a bit be was tsken ln. Hattie was a little
disappointed that he didn't throw her
¦ father over the well curb and her brother
Bill ever the fence in the first fifteen
' .minutes, but she was a girl of patience,
and ehe save him time. She also real
ized that It must be hard work on the
voice and muscles for a man to be a hero
all the time. He must have a day off now
end then to recuperate.
Supper was the first meal Colonel Bings
•.* sat down to. He didn't have any eagle
feathers ln his hair or buckskin fringe
"I guess he Is," replied the old man.
"He went away owing me for the last
week's board."
There was no posing on his part as he
walked under the apple trees. When he
was bitten by a mosquito Hattie expected
to hear him call out "Zounds!"- or
""•death!" but he didn't. He called out,
"Thunder!" Instead. When the hour grew
late and bedtime came he didn't bend over
her little brown hand and kick out one
foot, as In the play, but bade her a
brusque good-night, and said it looked as
if there might be rain before morning.
The next morning brought hope to her
heart. ,ge was heard shouting, "Egad!"
and "Tnws varlet!" to himself in his room
before breakfast, and his manners were
courtly as he eat down to tackle the fried
pork and hard-boiled eggs. After the
breakfast things had been cleared away
the girl invited him to walk across the
field to the gooseberry bushes with her,
and It did her soul good to see him assume
his trerolc stride as he walked beside her.
In her mind's eye she was picturing the
scene where he slew three villains and
cried, "Ha! ha!" In triumph, when he
suddenly sprang from her side and drew
himself up Into an apple tree. A~ yearling
calf was coming across the field on a run,
and the hero didn't mean to take any
chances. It took five minutes to assure
him that he was In no danger and to coax
him down, but the gooseberries were not
yet at hand when a mother goose showed
a disposition to attack him and he climbed
a fence and left poor Hattie to save her
own life or perish by Inches. The matter
did not end there. He had almost recov
ered his equanimity and was seeking after
a pose when a bumblebee bobbed up and
did business. Colonel Blngs was lifted a
foot high, but Instead of coming down to
conquer or die he descended to utter half
a dozen cuss words and reprove Hattie
for the grin on her face.
Most girls would have made up their
minds then and there that Colonel Bings
was no hero, but Hattie Saunders did
not want to do him injustice. She gave
him more rope. That evening, as she
swung In her hammock, she remarked
that she had always thought she would
make a great actress, and asked him for
an honest opinion.
s "It's all bosh," he replied, as he dodged
a wandering horsefly seeking a night's
lodgings. "You haven't got the face nor
the form, and you'd make a dead failure
of it In a week. Better stick right here
till you can marry some lu«ty fellow."
Miss Hattie closed her eyes for a mo
ment to blush, and when she opened
them again her Idol lay shattered on the
grass. She had admired and worshiped
and was ready to love, but the veneer
had pealed off, and her mahogany hero
was only plain pine. He remained ten or
twelve days more, and there were days
when he stretched out his arm and cried,
"Back, you sons of Satan, or die!" but
the girl could not recall her reverence
and enthusiasm. When his fortnight was
up he left, and Hattie queried of her
father:
"Papa, do you think Colonel Blngs is a
hero?"
could just as well have walked. She was
now to learn that the heroine was a wom
en of forty, who had been married and
divorced three or four times.
By Cyrus DericRson
SMASHING AN IDOL
(Copyright, 1903, by T. C. McClure.)
iv j «:-, A ELL, I never!" Gladys
I Eat down on the banlt
I J{i cf the little stream and
li^aTsYwttffclL £ aze d despairingly at
VH/j_TTf/f the rustlc bridge above
r^W/^WTN I ber <If that l6nt iust
— p"^ 'j cughfarc,' and the pate
locked and too high to climb. Now, what
on earth am I to do. anyway?"
The whispering wind and the lapping
THE SUNDAY CALL.
4
waves gave her no reply, and. pulling a
letter opt of the front of her blouse she
read it for the third or fourth time that
day. It seemed to restore her self-conn
dence. She laughed to herself wickedly.
Hum! Mrs. Graham Is a dear, but I
fancy I've fooled that conceited Jack of
hem. No, thank you! No four-mile drive
with him. I'm down here to be sure, but
srv^r^K'S
dear! I wish I had a boat!"
An If in answer to her desire, a red
canoe shot out from beyond the bend and
came noiselessly down the river. A man
sat in the stern wielding the paddle with
a swift grace. Gladys arose among the
long grass and the daisies. Her mind
was made up.
"I beg pardon," she called as he came
abreast of her. "Can you tell me if there
Is a way of getting to Mr. Graham's es
tate except by this bridge? It seems to
be closed."
The man in the canoe rested his paddle
across his knees and gazed at her admir
lngly. , v
"Why, I," he began, then stopped.
"There is an approach by the road," he
said, "but it Is quite two miles to the
other aide/
"Oh," ahe said, "I know! But I've
walked so far already." She glanced rue
fully down at her dusty patent leather
ties. ¦
"Would you allow me?" he asked eager
ly. "I could take you across in my ca
noe."
She blushed charmingly. "I hate to
trouble you."
"I assure you It would give me' the
greatest pleasure," he said, with another
admiring glance.
¦With a dexterous stroke or two he
brought the graceful little craft up to the
bank and landed. He was tall and brown
and broad-shouldered, and as he stood
looking down at her he saw a little slen
der girl with the longest eyelashes that
ever drooped over.a pair of gray eyes, in
U^u b il.Wr^
one hand. On her forehead and around
her ears danced little truant wisps of
curly hair.
He helped her Into the canoe and piled
the gay cushions at her back, then
stepped In after her.
"Where are you going?" she asked, as
he pointed the canoe up stream. "I un
derstood you to say you would take me
across," she added, with some statellness.
"That's such a nasty place to land," he
replied apologetically. "It's much better
a little farther up."
His dark eyes eought hers and they
both laughed. It was obvious to the most
casual observer that the sloping shore on
the other side was most admirably
adapted for beaching the canoe.
"You seem well acquainted with the
river," she said demurely. "Do you know
the Grahams?"
He did not answer immediately.
"Yes, charming woman, Mrs. Graham # "
he admitted at last.
"Oh, yes, lovely. It's a pity her son
doesn't take after her," Gladys replied
with high scorn.
Her companion grinned. "It's evident
you know him," he said.
"Well, I haven't seen him In years, but
when I saw him last he was absolutely
the most disagreeable, most conceited and
altogether most hateful boy I ever came
across." Gladys sat up straight among
her cushions with a sudden energy.
"Poor Jack!" murmured her compan
ion. "Still, If you haven't seen him for
years, it isn't impossible that he has im
proved."
"Improved! Well, I'm sure I hope so.
There certainly was room for improve
ment. But I don't believe he has. The
idea of shutting people out by locking up
that bridge the way he has. It's just like •
him. So afraid any one would get into
his domains. Just as though any one
with sense would want to."
' "Exactly. But possibly he wants t«
keep out that class of .people supposed to
be braver than angels, you know."
"Fools?" she questioned, j Then they
both laughed again. ¦
"You're not very polite," she said.
"How can you expect me to be sympa
thetic when the bridge being locked has
given me this pleasure?"
"Oh!" she exclaimed, with Incredulous
eyes. "Anyway, I forgive you. But if
I'd had my way I shouldn't have been
here at all."
"Now, It's you who is Impolite," he
said.
"Yes; and ungrateful," she admitted
frankly. "It's simply lovely out here* It's
the only pleasant thing about the whole
trip. Goodness! If you oniy knew how
I hated to come. I wept day and night
for weeks. But mother was adamant."
He looked at her appreciatively, won
dering how any human being could be^
proof against eyes like those filled with*
tears. *
"Mothers are Inconsistent at times," he
said. "Mine, for instance, has been sys
tematically Indulging and spoiling me all
my life, and now has taken it Into her
head that I must marry a girl she has
picked "out for me whether I want to or
not."
"Why, that's just the question on which
mother and I differed," Gladys gasped.
"She and his mother arranged it all years
ago, it seems, and he's unmanly enough
to keep, her to her. word, though he must
know I hate him. You wouldn't find a
girl doing a thing like that!"
"Wouldn't you, though? This particular
young lady of whom I speak of so
clinging a disposition that, according to
my mother, she will never know happi-'
ness unless I brace up and woo. Why In
thunder she should be In love with a man
she hasn't seen since she was a child Is
more than I can conceive!" He paddled
angrily for a moment. Then once again
his eyes met hers and they laughed.
"We seem to be figuratively as well as
literally in the same boat," she remarked.
"The thought makes me quite fond of
you."
"Ah, if I could but believe you in ear
nest!" he, sighed with exaggerated gal
lantry.
She darted him another look from under
her lashes.
"Weren't you smoking when I called to
you?" she asked presently. "Why, there's
your pipe. Do let me fill it for you. I
love to fuss with pipes."
"It's all I need to complete my happi- '
ness," he assured her, as he handed her
his pipe. "My pouch is in the left-hand J
pocket of my coat. Can you get it? It's
right behind you there." ,
She leaned back and secured the thin
serge coat, rummaged In his pocket, and
brought forth a chamois pouch elaborate
ly embroidered with the initials "J. G."
in crimson. She looked at the inscription
for a moment, then at its owner.
He watched her as she pressed the to
bocco into the bowl with a delicate thumb.
"There," she said as she handed It to
him. "Lean over and I'll light it for you."
She shaded the sputterlnr
match -with her hand and ap
plied the flame to the tobacco.
Her face was very near his,
and it was a face to set a man
longing.
She settled herself once more
among the cushions. "Isn't
this comfy?" she sighed with
satisfaction. "When I remem
ber that walk from Dlgby In
all th» dust I can't realize It's
me!" y.-- "- -- :
"Great Scott! Did you walk
from Dlgby?" ;-:; s; *
"Yes. You see they wrote
that a certain person would
meet me at Grahamsford, so I
got out at Dlgby and walked.
Anything was better than a
four-mile ride with— the person
who was coming to meet me.
That's why I am here."
"What a coincidence!" he ex
claimed as he knocked the
ashes from his pipe. "At
this moment I am supposed to
be driving home from Gra
hamsford with a ycrung lady
whom I didn't want to meet.
That's why I'm here!"
Shevwas busy watching the ripples that
followed the canoe.
"It appears to me our mothers have
been fibbing," she said musingly.
"Bles3 their hearts:' he exclaimed fer
vently. "I forgive them, don't you? Be
sides, I am Just discovering that your
mother, at least, spoke the truth. And
I mean to be obedient In all things from
this time forth forevermore," he added
boldlv.
"Amen," she said with mock solemnity.
"But how self-sacrificing!" Then with a
look that set his heart beating, "Well, I
will not be outdone In filial devotion."
Her lashes flickered against her redden
ing cheek. With one stroke he beached
the canoe among the shadows of the
trees.
An hour later
Mrs.Graham came
to meet them
down the long
avenue bordered
with oaks.
"My dear chll
drenJ" she cried
joyfully. "I see
it la all right I
knew that ride
from the station
would be just the
thing.
IN THE MYSTIC WAKE OF THE RED CANOE.
TWO PAGES OF GREAT LOVE STORIETTES WRITTEN EXPRESSLY FOR THE SUNDAY CALL.CUPID THE PLUNGER
By John Barton Oxford.
"Look here," Bainbrldge said savagely,
when they were out of sight "If you let
it out I'll kill you!"
Lee gravely shook his hand, then burst
out: "But, Lordy! Lordy! the Innocence
of it! Cattle raising on a quarter section
—and all the rest of it— them's the kind
that fatten the rascals. But she's good!
I've got a good woman; I know one when
I see her."
"Yes," she's good," Balnbridge assented
absently. "Makes you feel like" Sunday
morning, and all the bells ringing."
"Ho! ho! I must tell Ellen that She
says you're a born poet, and only need
a good woman to bring it out."
"Reckon I've found her," Bainbrldge
grinned, sheepishly, turning away.
The moon was diffusing a mellow day
light when he returned from a long walk
in communion with himself. He found
her still on the porch, and sat down in
awkward silence: then he began abrupt
ly: "Don't be frightened. Miss Burton,
at what I'm going to say. My head's
level; anybody 'round here'll tell you
that. I always know what I want, and
we do things quick out here. Once when
I was young I was going to be married,
but she died," he paused an Instant
"Since then I never found any one I
wanted till right now, and— and— I'm
waiting to be married any minute you
say so~ If It's too quick I'll keep on wait-
Ing, but I'm not going to let anybody else
have you."
"Mercy 1" she gasped, in helpless sur
prise, but with appreciation of his sturdy
manhood gleaming in her eyes.
"I mean anybody out here," he
amended. "Of course, if there's one back
there I'm out"
She shook her head, her face one vivid
flame.
"Well, then, I think you can trust me,"
he leaned toward her coaxlngly, his
strong band swallowing hers. "Tom and
Annie and the klds'U be our next-door
neighbors, and if you get tired of me
you can go back to them," his eyes
twinkled.
She was still silent and he went on:
"We've been together several days, and
have a pretty good notion of each other
—and I'll feel like the bottom had dropped
out of everything if it isn't a go."
"I— I guess It's a 'go,' " she stammered.
"Glory!" he exclaimed, taking posses
sion of her.
bors, who had a right to know the pros
pects and intentions of the newcomers.
"We think lt will be easier for Tom, and
we've heard it was more profitable than
ordinary farming."
"Tom Is, maybe, your husband?" Lee
insinuated.
"Land, no!" she laughed, her plump
face rosy. "He's my brother— all the folks
I've got. I raised him, and, like me, he's
been a factory worker all his life. He's
married and has two little tots, so smart."
"Thomas H. and A. Burton; that was
the names you bought under?" Balnbridge
queried, with a warning glance at Lee.
"Why yes; how did you know? Oh, I
expect you saw lt in the agent's list of
sales." . *
"Yes. ma'am, and I noticed particularly
because that Quarter is right next me; In
fact juts Into mine. Of course, I felt an
interest in such near neighbors."
"Why, I'm real glad!" she said, heart
ily; "real glad. I don't feel at all as if
I was going among strangers, meeting
my neighbors this way."
"Are you going \o live there alone?"
Lee inquired boldly.
Her face clouded. "1 must for a while.
I am going to hire a dugout, or some kind
of shelter, put up, and I want to start
things as soon as I can. Tom's sickly,
and he's dreadfully run down; he couldn't
be alone out here"; a glow of confidence
lighted her eyes, and ehe continued:
"We've been saving a long time to get a
home out in the country somewhere. Tom
was never strong \and the last year or
two has developed consumptive tenden
cies, and the doctors advised him to come
out in this part of the West and live.
They say he'll get well and be stronger
than ever. We got this land real cheap
through the agent and It's all paid for,
and enough over to bring me out and get
some sort of a shelter, and a start in cat
tle. I thought I could buy some calves
cheap, and I'll hire some breaking done
and raise some grain and get chickens.
They'll come out as soon as we get
enough to bring them. I hope lt won't be
long, I'm so anxious about Tom"— there
was a thrill of apprehension in her voice.
"He coughs bad at times, and some days
can hardly get to his work. Annie, his
wife, goes in his place part the time and
makes him rest oft and stay with the
children. I must get them here as soon
as possible."
"Yes, he needs to pome," Lee said, re-
plain vw a revelation of the vastness of
God's domain, and she brooded over lt In
•eilest, dreamy contemplation. She emlled
and answered pleasantly when spoken to,
but had volunteered no Information con
cerning herself, and Lee and Bainbrldge
felt bo me curiosity as to her destination.
: They knew nobody In the sparsely set
tled region beyond who were expecting
company, and such an event would be
Z>ew» for fifty miles around.
Ehe had accepted the detaining accident
without worry or Impatience, and after
sszpper sat on the porch of the small hotel.
.her eyes fixed In wondertcg awe upon the
distant mountains, beyond whose peaks
streamed the glory of the setting 6tin.
"Ehe looks like home," Balnbridge said,
tn&l eating her with a nod.
"She's that kind," Lee returned, with
the assurance of knowledge gained by ex
perience. He was a married man.
They lousf ed out and took a bench near
her.
"Going on with the coach, ma'am V Lee
ventured after a while.
"Why, yes," ehe replied, pleasantly,
rocslng. "I'm going out near Wallace."
"Why, that's our postoffice 1 Just a
ehack, you know— store and postofflce to
.Bether. Are you locating in that nelgh
•torhood?"
.'"Yes, <julte near. And you are some of
our neighbors! Tfcat'e good! I seem to al
most know you. I'm Almlra Burton." She
¦Jaughed like a pleased child and put out
.her hand as she Introduced herself.
• The men exchanged startled glances at
•the' name, but they shook hands cordially.
' "I am Bob Lee: have a wife (best In
.•the world), and four tow-heads. This Is
.VJIIsle Balnbridpe, the old bachelor who
'lived by himself,' " Lee went on lo<jua
; clously.
. "I'm glad there are children near. I
-am going to miss ours at home so dread
.fully," Bhe said.
. "Maybe they won't be what you'd call
nczT." he laughed. "Anythlng*s 'near* out
-here inside of twenty miles."
'.'Our quarter section Is two miles south
cf Wallace, and the agent said there'd be
a railroad eoon. I hope you're not far
tajvay."
"You bought I reckon." Bainbrtdge
• F.:i-:. "Land all been taken up round here
ever so long."
"Yes, that's what the agent said; though
it doesn't seem possible! Why, it's Just
. one great ocean of land out here. I didn't
J realize there was so-much— and all taken.
•But some folks own miles, don't they?"
Bainbridpe nodded, and she went on
• with a deprecatory smile at her former
ignorance. "Our place seemed so big—
<r — p iSj a AINTY lanterns by the
|t^|"* '^Sj*1 thousands, half hidden
/^ra among the branches ot
• m'^'sS^m * he tree3 ° r swingln?
<?;B2 7$tf£ m l] merrily on invisible
, (era Jy^CSy' b wires, flooded the place
jj/?ffi j^r^^f^T-itTi soft life'ht. There
| ] j9gr^fGS— i im jgy-r-^ wprp long tables, over
¦which presided young women In white,
who strove to sell you all sorts of
dainty, impossible things.
For something over half an hour Robert
Weston had been wandering about, mak
ing almost reckless purchases at the ta
bles and playing the lottery with all the
abandon of a born plunger. To all ap
pearances his course about the place was
very like that of a ship without a rudder.
Yet there was method In his madness, and
all the time he was being outrageously
swindled at the various booths from tho
corner of his eye he was watching for a
certain white dress and a crown of cop
per-colored hair. Presently his patience
was rewarded. Far down toward the palm
screen he saw her sink into a lawn chair.
He deposited his bundles In an undignified
heap on a neighboring table and made his
way to the lawn chair.
"Nan," he said gravely as he came up
to her, "you're tired to death, poor child."
"Oh, no," she said, "only I'll be glad
when it's all over."
"Come away from It for a while," he
advised. "I'll take you down to the boat
house."
She rose and slipped her hand through
his arm. Together they descended the
slope tn the river and went out to the
end of the little pier by the boathouse,
where they sat down on a rustic bench.
"Well," Weston said, "was lt a suc
cess?"
"It would be if everybody spends money
as recklessly as you have been doing,"
she replied.
He laughed. "I was partlculary fortu
nate In the lottery," he explained. "I
drew four bags of peanuts, a doll and a
box of hairpins. My last purchase was
three aprons and a half dozen flatiron
holders. Imagine it," he chuckled.
"Anyway," she said, "you've done your
best to. help us out You're a dear, good
boy."
"Ah!" he said solemnly, "I knew I
would b« discovered some time."
"Tell me. Nan, what this Is for," he
went on after a pause; "prayer-books for
the Esquimaux or blankets for the Fiji
Islanders?"
"The money goes to St Agatha's Home
for Orphans and Foundlings. We support
it mainly," she explained.
"H'm-m," he mused. "Don't suppose
you ever see the 'orphans and foundlings."
do you? Just turn over the monev to
'em and let lt go at that, eh? Say, Nan,"
he said with a sudden seriousness, which]
rather surprised her, "I don't believe all
this giving money to charity is the best
way of dolnc It." ¦ -.-^
"Indeed." she remarked with something
like a challenge In her voice.
"No. I don't," he asserted 'with em
phasis. "There are plenty of old money
bags trying to buy a chance to heavea
who'll look out for that end of lt. I say,
for those who are fitted for it. persona]
work among the needy Is the most prac
tical thing."
"Perhaps a few details would make
your suggestion more explicit, Robby,"
she said.
"Undoubtedly." he assented cheerfully.
"Now, for Instance, take a case I know
about. There's an orphan, and he's cold
and hungry and lonesome. It isn't so
much money he needs as some one to
take an interest in him, to stand behind
him. as lt were. You see, they won't
take him Into a horn* — " ,.'—
"Why not?" she interrupted.
"Well," he said slowly, "to begin with
his age—" ,
"What Is his age?"
"Thirty-one."
"Gracious! I should say he wouldn't
get into a home.Jhe age limit at St. Ag
atha's is flfteen. w Thirty-one!"
"I realize It's a crime for him to be
thirty-one," he said. "Still, that really
isn't his fault"
"What's the matter with hlrar* she
asked sharply. "Doesn't he work? Is he
lazy?"
"The laziest rascal alive," he said. "But
he really doesn't have to work, you know.
He's got money enough, aa far as that
goes— keeps a horse or so and an auto
mobile. When I said he was cold and
hungry I meant he was cold for lack of
Interest and hungry for sympathy and—
oh, hang it! You know well enough what
I mean. The orphan is me.*' he burst
out ungrammatically, "and — and — for
heaven's sake, don't send all your charity
to St Agatha's, but save a little for tha
lonesome, thirty-one-year-old orphan."
"Bobby," she said severely, "ycu're pro
posing again, and you promised me you
wouldn't— not for a year."
"An ability to tell the truth rever did
run In our family." he said dismally. "I
assure you I won't offend in the proposal
line again, however."
"No. J don't think you will," she said
laughing.
Something in her eyes made him sud
denly slip an arm about her and draw
her close to him.
"What makes you so sure," he asked
very gently.
"I've been thinking lt all over, and I've
concluded that charity— now Bobby. let
me go. And you stand over there by
the rail. Yes. that's right. I've con
cluded that charity begins at hom,"
(Copyright 1903, by T. C. McCluro.)
# / -^ jUZANNE'S voice rose
rfr&*»££*\6* t decisively above the ex
1 ' A^E^t^^&J^'lir clamatlons P f dismay.
i£"^&I2£aSLri "It mlthtihave been
f (Sl?Y*wBili/9xi worse> ana M lsa Cran
y^x^^^Jr y* * oni can men(i lt -"
She ran lnt0 hall
~ irt i&~^—*& and leaned over the
balustrade. A young man. good to look
upon and evidently fresh from riding, waa
watching the florists at work.
"Frankl"
(Ceyrrlffct, 1903. by T. C. McCInre.)
¦ i f ._ _A A S the travelers reached
[^•^•SaXf*!^ their various destina
'¦N^^Hkv'J/- t* 011 * the stage coach
SpW/^AgW^*"* elo-wly emptied Itself.
"^C^-r^&Sfl* until cr.ly three were
¦ 7/3i' «|t lert t0 be Btran<Je(1 *>7
• l<=jf^~~~[^ * breakdown at a clus
aSBBB^5&BM ter of houses called a
town. Two of thera were residents of the
country, neighbors returning from a busi
ness trip necessitated by the bogus sales
cf a bogus land agent, which had Involved
their property.
The third traveler was a woman from a
far New England town, whose whole life
cp to her cotr-ely middle age had been
spent In the rush tad turmoil of a mon
ster factory. To her the wide, Illimitable
a hundred and sixty acres— and that Is
big when you've never had even a garden
spot— Just rooms, and a tiny mite of a
dooryard!"
"It does," Lee assented. "I came from
that kind of a home myself— hardware
clerk, and wife a teacher back In Ohio.
Tell you, we stretched out here!"
He did not say that their "stretch" cov
ered several miles, as he might
"We're going to raise cattle as soon as
we get started." She seemed suddenly to
feel herself among friends and neigh-
gardlng her with a sort of amazement.
"And look here," Balnbridge put In,
"we'll put up your shanty, and do your
breaking, and shan't cost you anything.
We always do that for our new neigh
bors, and I guess we, can rustle up some
calves for you, and you return them, when
you're all here, and your herd grows."
The tears rushed to her eyes and she
exclaimed: "Oh, what big hearts you
have out here in this big country 1 I'll be
the best neighbor you ever had. There's
lots I can do for you if you are alone."
"Yes, ma'am; I reckon there Is," he said
awkwardly, a wistful pity mingling with
the embarrassment In his face.
He strolled away presently, and Lee
followed in obedience to a sly sign, and
ehe relapeed Into dreamy contemplation,
her heart warm with the kindness of
these ne-w neighbors.
Rumors travel faster than half-drunken
cow-punchers, who stop at each saloon
to drown their threats in bad whisky, and
a twenty-five horse-power machine will
travel faster than either. That was why
the mob that had started out to" hang
Ben Heth as a sort of climax for the
annual round-up came upon The Comet,
its owner, his valet and his chauffeur
two miles beyond Heth's ranch. They
rn* distance of the machine. Parties who
had .witnessed the scene reported it vari
ously. Borne said that Ben had appeared
to enjoy the proceeding, more fool he,
while others maintained that he was be
rating* Nan for unfaithfulness, even in
the presence of his rival.
But Ben's love affair waa utterly for
gotten In the face of more momentous
events which came with the round-up.
The H O Cattle Company, with which
Ben had worked before branching out
for himself, discovered what it chose to
designate as a shortage In H O calves,
and a corresponding and suspicious in
crease In calves with the Heth brand. The
II O brand was a bar with an O on the
end. ' The Heth brand was a dumb-bell.
Rumor— and rumor in Buena Vlsta Coun
ty Is an ugly customer — declared that it
was easy to change the — O tothe dumb
' belL The air around Fort Norton became
rife with things other than mere rumors,
including some very .bad whisky. And
Justice, as drink-crazed cow-punchers
sometimes see It works with appalling
suddenness.
' • (Copyright, 1303, by T. C. McClure.)
' — ~f~^l_^- *c~ — <i "¦* a^ keen k a< * enough.
>>j/"^^R^Airjf EaJli the cowboys, to
V ' :Cf U^ 9 ''?» ? B tavo Euena vlsta
•^I^fJ^^.B County turned Into a
<-^li(® l '-B w3^ eL rendezvous for inva
' ft^T**g^-ffi H 11<3s ln varloua "tages
-fes^JSuLiH^wlJj cJ hay fever, bron
chitis and consump
tion, It was an outrage to have one's
favorite barroom remodeled into a sani
tarium, but It was heaping insult upon
• Injury to have a 25-horsepower French
racer flashing over roads— and good roads,
too— long sacred to the festive cow pony.
With Harvey Thatcher, owner of said
.racer, the pood roads surrounding Fort
Norton, the county ceat of Buena Vlsta
Cocnty. had been the main attraction.
When his physicians had ordered Colo
rado air Thatcher had stipulated that sec
tion of Eastern Colorado where the roads
•would permit him to break the already
fcriniant record cf The Comet And so
« happened that he and his machine, his
valet and his chauffeur were thorns in
the flesh of the cowboy element, even
. as ths latter had worried the respecta
• b'.e faction among the early citizens of
.Tort Norton.
The cowboys had barely become accus
tomed to the presence of The Comet in
their midst, end had decided that It
might prove dangerous to ehoot up a
gasoline engine, when there arose fresh
cause for dissatisfaction. Nan Bearce
took tn ridlnsr In The Comet And Nan
was the prettiest girl In Buena Vista
County, or all the adjoining counties for
that matter. She had been the toast of
every camp on the" range, the belle at
every ball, the aueen of every county
fair tournament In which the cowboys
had fought for honors after their own
peculiar fashion. Her favors had been
evenly distributed and her devotion had
gone to b«r worthless father, who ran
the one shoe shop of which Fort Norton
could boast. A dilapidated, evil smelling
den he kept at the end of the street
leading north from the postoffice, but the
three rooms behind the shop were as fresh
and sweet as Nan's stout arms and sun
shiny nature could keep them.
There were men, dozens of them. In
Buena Vista COunty, who would have
been willing to overlook the father, mis
erable, drunken wretch that he was. for
love of the girl, but she seemed too proud
to foist the old man on any of her anxious
suitors. The only favor she had ever
been known to accept was at the hands of
Ben Heth, a stolid, almost morose young
ranchman, who had started into the
stock raising business In a small way,
and who held himself aloof from the rol
licking, roystering element which had
terrorized Fort Norton at regulax inter
vals. When old Bearce had been smitten
with smallpox, Heth, under cover of
darkness, had removed him to his own
ranch, because of Nan's horror of the
pesthouce, and the three had endured the
relentless quarantine together. Then the
Intimacy had apparently been broken off,
old Bearce going back to his bench, Nan
to her poverty-stricken life and Heth to
his lonely existence on the cattle range.
All this was before Thatcher and The
Comet came to Fort Norton. After old
Bearce had skillfully mended some rents
in Thatcher's leather robes the friendship
between the dashing automobillst from
New York and the humble and beautiful
daughter of the village shoemaker became
town gossip. Women discussed It over
their b.ack fences and at the sewing cir
cle of the Union Church. Men shook their
heads around the stove at Gilbert's gen
eral store and the news spread out on the
range. Thatcher was making a' fool of
Nan Bearce, and there were mutterlngs
that boded 111 for the owner of The Com
et. The only man who declined to discuss
the situation was Ben Heth and that even
after Nan and young Thatcher had ridden
out to his ranch twice In the devil's wag
on, as one old woman called It To bo
sure, the chauffeur was In attendance,
but what is a chauffeur, perched up in the
back seat, with Nan, enticing, alluring
Nan, her soft brown hair tossed by the
wind, her eyes dancing with the excite
ment of the run, urging the young New
Yorker on to higher speed.
Once they had been seen coming back
to town at a slow pace, with Ben trying
to keep his astonished pony within talk-
THE SUNDAY CAM,.
By Louise J. (Strong.
FINDING OF HER
By A. S. Richardson.
HER FRANIi OPINION
5
WILD FLIGHT OF CUPID AND THE COMET.
were still hunting for Heth. after having
razed his ranch . cabin. The Comet was
piled high with luggage, a couple of
dress-suit cases showing above the boxes,
and. rubber blankets, which filled in the
body of the machine. Thatcher explained
in a casual way that he was trying some
new roads and might be gone a week or
more. The cowboys sent him on hl3 way
with a volley of shots. They were bent
on more serious work.
The Comet shot along the country road,
through the soft twilight and the limpid
moonlight, straight across the State line
into Nebraska. At precisely the same
time the Overland Limited ..was carrying
a white-faced but determined girl over
the same State line.
Thatcher Insisted upon giving away the
bride and receiving the first kiss after the
ceremony. He said it was due for excess
baggage on the best run The Comet had
ever made. Then the great red machine.
Its owner, his chauffeur and his valet
rolled back to Fort Norton, without the
Impressive array of luggage, and Harvey
Thatcher, tenderfoot from New York, an
nounced that when a certain bunch of un
mitigated fools had finished their annual
spree and had recounted their blankety
blank calves, the bride and groom would
come back to Fort Norton, at which time
the damages claimed by said groom for
Injury done his property and his reputa
tion would be paid or the Sheriff of Buena
Vista County and one Harvey Thatcher
Esq. would know the reason why.
Whereupon eald Harvey Thatcher
promptly rose In the estimation of the
cowboy element and his horseless vehicle
was forgiven him.
Miss Cranford was folding the precious
veil.
"Perhaps— er— you would like to see the
ceremony at the church 7"
"Could you—"
"Yes— I know— er— where the cards are
kept"
Mrs. Cranford protested. Her daughter
smiled scornfully.
"They would not mind, mother. It's
all a part of the show."
A tinge of color spread over the "foot
man'o" face. He paused on the lower
step.
"I'll send— I mean I'll bring the card
over this afternoon."
• • • •
Elsa Cranford, In a simple dimity frock
and a flower trimmed hat, was caught In
"Cousin miner*
"Will you please go "
1 "1 will, responded the young man, run
ning up the stairs, "anywhere you wish.'"
"Bless you, dear," said Suzanne, drag
ging Frank into her mother's room, where
six pairs of feminine eyes rested despair
ingly on a hideous, three-cornered tear
In Suzanne's wedding velL "That must
be mended, and only one woman In town
can do such work— Elsa Cranford. Now,
If "
"Where does she liver' Frank picked
up the cloud of lace, yellowed by time,
and looked at It critically. "I suppose
that If you were not marrying a lord you
would wear a nice, clean, new veil that
would not tear when you looked at it.
This Is rotten." ,
Mrs. Lynde Was shocked.
"But this Is an heirloom. It Isn't every
girl who can be married In the veil worn
by her mother and her grandmother be
fore her."
Frank bit his lips. He wanted to say
that the average girl who married a title
through the more or less fragrant media
tion of a social matrimonial broker did
not care to discuss her grandmother.
When he had heard In Paris of his cous
in's engagement to this heir of an Im
poverished English ' name he had discov
ered that, ev«n after two years, wander-
Ing on the face of the globe, Americanism
was strong within him, and he hated to
see the bulk of the Lynde fortune go to
build up a decrepit English estate.
".You will find Miss Cranford at 213
Elmhurst , avenue. Tell her she must do
it at once and wait for it We cannot
take chances at this hour. Pay her any
thing—everything—but have It done. Tell
Forbesno the brougham must meet the
11:20 train, and the—"
"Don't apologize, Suzanne," laughed
her cousin, taking the package, "if you
had a whole racing stable at your com
mand to-day every horse would be out
I'll use my own mount and enjoy the
ride."
And so he rode away— past the stately
manors of Industrial magnates, past the
less pretentious homes of real suburban
ites—Into a sleepy, country-like lane,
lined on either side with small cottages
and gay gardens. At 213 he tied his horse
to the cap of a near bronze Jockey and
stalked up the path. A slender, graceful
young woman was training a climbing
rose on the shady side of the porch. She
drew off her garden gloves as Frank
stated his errand and stood in the warm
June sunlight, studying the torn veil crit
ically.
"It will take at least an hour," she
eald, turning toward the house. "Will
you wait?"
"Yes, thank you."
He sat down on the step and removed
his hat. Above him, on one side of the
table, strewn with magazines, papers and
sewing materials, eat an elderly woman
•with carefully dressed white hair. On
the opposite side of the table was a
vacant chair. Miss Cranford paused be^
fore It, looked at the unconscious Mr.
Lynde with a slight frown— and sat
down. After all, there was not such
a wide breach between the status of
a footman In a millionaire's household
and a professional member. Besides,
under existing conditions at the Lynde
residence, a tired footman might be
forgiven a slight breach of discipline.
She clipped her thread thoughtfully.
Dame Fortune moved In a mysterious
way. There was young Harry Lynde,
brother of the bride. Insignificant and
stupid, and here was a footman molded
on the lines of a Gibson model, with the
easy grace which no end of dancing les
sons could Impart to the unfortunate
Harry.
The little garden waa very quiet, and
Elsa's needle flew In and out of the lacy
weave. Finally Mrs. Cranford's curiosity
" triumphed over her dignity.
"I suppose everything Is ready for the
wedding?" . .
"Everything, I believe." He frowned
slightly. t "•:,-¦ ¦},'.
"It is a great occasion, with Lord This
and Lady That coming all the way from
England, but every time I think of that
poor chlld—''i
"Do stop that nonsense, mother," ex
claimed Elsa sharply. "She does not de
serve pity, no matter what comes to her
In the future. . She marries Lord Har
wood with her eyes open. She knows the
man's past, she knows his need of her
money and she knows— "
The "footman" crushed his riding hat In
his hands, iv^*.: 1
"My dear, you are so positive."
"Well, mother dear, we ought to know.
The papers have contained no other news
for weeks. And they will be full of It
again when she sues for a divorce. It
Is all so very silly. Everything that man
can give her she could buy with her own
money. The one thin x ho cannot give
her money cannot buy, yet that one thing
I or any girl without a dollar to her
name may have some day— the honest
love of an honest man. I may be old fash
ioned, but I believe that with some wom
- en love stlU counts, and when It does it
is everything— far, far above titles, coro
nets, castles and a corner In he Queen's
throneroom."
Silence once more fell upon the, trio.
The shining needle fairly flew. The girl's
bright eyes were fixed on her work. The
man, gazing through the i vista of prim
gardens and close cropped trees, was mur
muring under his breath, "the honest love
of an honest man."
Would she understand the difference be
tween that little affair of three months
in old Japan and an "honest love?" Then
there had been Madeline! But that could
not count! Why, he had even forgotten
her last name !
the crush of scintillating robes. An usher
with a gardenia In his coat was Just of
fering his arm to a stately dowager when
ho dropped something. He bent over and
the dowager was passed on to another
usher. "When the first man straightened
up he extended his arm to Elsa. She gave
one gasp and all the color faded from
her face. Then, with head proudly up
lifted, she started down the aisle at his
side.
"Please don't look like that," he whis
pered. "It was beastly caddish of me,
but I do look a bit like Harry's English-
man— and— and— well, I'm glad I hoaxi
your frank opinion on such things any
how."
They were at the pew door. She slipped
in without a word, but as sh« raised b«i
eyes she caught the pleading look la nil
and the rose color camo back to hej
cheeks.
¦"¦ •''•' • • A*L'
The wedding party and guests had lafl
the church. Reporters with notebootu
and sightseers crowded around the chan
cel. Elaa walked slowly toward the side
entrance. The vestry room door opened
suddenly, and Frank Lynde stepped out
He bent his head gravely and there waa
no laughter In his eyes now.
- "¦Will you tell your mother, please, thai
directly this infernal excitement la over
I am coming to call, personne propre, for
I understand that she and dad were good!
friends— In the old days, and— and I want
you to think of me — an honest man."
But It was six months before she would
admit the fact, and then she simply re
iterated her statement that she did not
envy the Countess of Harwood.
TWO PAGES OF GREAT LOVE STORIETTES WRITTEN EXPRESSLY FOR THE SUNDAY CALLIt is not always the most luscious fruits that han* on the too boiitrhs.
Those that fall at one's feet may be equally refreshing. - . .
? * *
Repentance is often onlv the humiliation of being found out.
Of course silence is sroldcn and sometimes commands a pretty good
price.
* * *
It's a pity that some people cannot daub over a past with a few layers of
rhitewash. - • '.. ,'.'": \ .<•$¦:•".;
A woman should never run after man. She might catch him.
When the undertakers jro on a strike, oh, why should the spirit of mor
tal be proud?
Selfishness that hides under the cloak of religion is an insult to the Al
mighty.
Some people think themselves so large and important that the conductor
ought to ring np two fares.
* * *
An old man always wants to give his experience to every young fellow
whom he meets. He forgets how much it cost him. A- -
When a man becomes cynical it's either a case of love or liver pills, or he
has bet on the wrong horse (or featherweight champion).
A man is always compared with a dog; a woman with a cat. The best
attributes of either man or woman have been idealized by figures of woman.
The mightiest works of man are written in the feminine. A steamboat is
"she" and the engineer speaks of the giants he controls as "her."
The Iciss of some women is like being struck by the sharp corner of the
ice trust.
- i/W y >^cOVE is a fierce combination of the world, the flesh and
y /;1a^3> the devil. At long intervals sometimes an "X"-rav of
\ t Vj : §£!lM§> heaven is thrown in.
V£fe\ Jcsdmimfi- Truth should be either beautiful in the nude or clev-
Agmeg^"^. erly masked.
J25^T^^C N^ X ' Love is a double-back action of the skyrocket and
the match. Goes up heavenward all right, but the stick comes down to earth
— very earth)'.
These •
Witty
Sayiogs
by
Kate
Thyson
Marr
fire the
TalK of trje
Wbole
Cougtry.
Watch
for the
••Meows"
Next
Sunday.
HEROICS
By The Parson
If you should learn of some dark sin.
Pray never tell;
The truth may cause the tears to start.
The truth may break another heart.
The truth may tear two lives apart—
So never tell.
No harm is done through unknown
deeds,
So never tell:
Some hearts know less of day than
niaht
Don;t be the first to cause the blight.
Don t rob a life of sunshine bright—
5o never tell.
The world is cruelly unjust.
So never tell:
If we but knew how hearts may break.
If we but knew how hearts may ache.
We d leave them Hope for Love's sweet
. sake,
And never tell.
\W 'Jhv'iLHb "^ people down at Mulberry Center are takin* a good deal of interest lately in the sufferin's of
ffkJ >|SJruB them POOr people at Ncw P°rt. I don't call them poor meanin' that they have to work fora livin'
* *0^JTVf ; H a " d k ave t0 mak e the boys wear out their pa's old pants or anythin' like that, but there is
'»i *fl *^ <1 ' fferent kinds of poor. After thinkin' it all over I've come to the conclusion that the worst kind
°f Poor in the world's the kind they are at Newport. One time I went to the opery-house up
||J%? J^P^filjJtfl' to the county seat to hear a man by the name of Rilev recite some poetry, and it was blame
%M ">!»" (£&j&?, K°°d. too. and I remember in one poem he was tellin' about a man that was minglin' with peo
c£5t^v. <~%£&K pie that had money to put under the chair laigs when they didn't set straight. It didn't seem
to cheer himup much and he said after he'd thot it all over, says he:
"There's nothin' much oatheticker than jest a-bein' rich." • -
, Them words are as true as gospel. If you don't believe it read the red and blue supplement of a New York Sun
day paper some time and learn about the sad times they have at Newport.. The beautiful Mrs. Van Allstcin Bobbs.
who was one of the famous Van Daum Van Chubbs, wakes up in the morning about 3:30 p. m. and while waiting to
have her breakfast in bed says: ¦ ( ' -r . . .
v a u f° h £ ea , vcns « what a 'dreary life this is. Things was so dull last nieht that I just couldn't stand it and went to
bed before 8 o clock in the'morning. The dredful monotony of it is getting on my nerv«s. If Harry Lehr would only
get up a dinner where each of the guests would find a rattlesnake under the plate or something to give a person one
more good old thrill 1 It's so stupid I don't know how I can ever worry through the summer. It's no fun watchin'
one-man flirt with another man's wife any more, because that's so common, and got to be proper, anyway.
k »u * uf um stUDld dinner that was at Mrs. Bigwad's last nieht. If the trapeze performers that performed
above the table while we were eatin' had only fell and broke their lees or necks or something it might have turned
out to be quite an mtcrestin affair, but there was nothing happened and I'm almost sure I fell asleep along about the
sixteenth course. One can take a dummy along to wear her extra ropes of pearls and diamond stomachers, but no
body has invented a dummy that- will help to drink champayne after vou eet full yourself. That's the saddest thine of
•f \v£ U « Cat L pay pe ?? lc to. dan" and sing and play music, but you've got to do your own drinking,to eet the fun of
it. wnats the use beinsr rich when the woman that docs your washing can drink just as much as you can before
she begins to forget what it tastes like?"
By that time the maid brings in her breakfast, and the poor woman realizes with a shudder that she can't eat any
more than if she was nothin but a poor clerk workin' in a dry goods store at $7 a week.
xi u. ¦ k J u e 1S Mrs - R °ckmeham Cood. It is enough to make a person's heart bleed to read about her sad case,
rter Husband has so much money that she's got sick tryin' to live up to his income. Life has no interest for her any
more, s hired people to trace her descent from Alfred the Great and so she has nothing left to lone for. I was
readin her interview with a New York society reporter the other day and I never felt so sorry for anybody in mv life.
What is there left for me to do? she said, almost with tears in her eyes." "There's only one night in every
twenty-four hours, nomatter how much money you have, and you have to stop and sleep awhile about every so often,
even if you have to ta*c an extra servant along to help carry your jewelry. : . . y
How -could you expect a person to be cheerful under such conditions? \ \
You people that. have nothing to do but work can't imagine how terrible it is not to have anything on one's
mind about now to make ends meet. Sometimes I think I would almost give anything in the. world not to be great
and^renned tor just a week or two. so I could go out among the poor, vulgar, common peonle and forget the awful bur
den of responsibility that soaetv^as placed upon me. It's getting worse and worse in this country. There's hardlv
anything left for us 1 to do that the lower classes can't take up. A little while ago us people that are in the aristocracy
thought a boon had come to eet out in our' automobiles and run over common low-born folks and kill one another
that we almost forgot how sad a life we lead, but the first thing we knew it had got so that the boorjwassie had auto
mobiles, too. so^ there we were neht back where we started. ;¦
1 "Newport's not what it used to be. Oh| this dreadful curse of money! Nearly anybody can have a million dol
lar cottage here now. It s got so us old families can't look out of the windows any more without being shocked bv
seeing somebody whose father worked in his shirt sleeves. Think of the' wear and tear of such things on our refined
nerves. Sometimes I almost wish I was dead, only there's the horrible thought that one may have to associate with
common people, such as carpenters and fishermen in heaven." -, '
office JUdSC MiUCr alm ° St ShCd tCa " hC fclt S0 bad » when him and rac KOt t0 talkin' about it the other day at the post
;„ .V~MaL 8 S!! t C> " y ° U iL n( ! * dontt half appreciate the blessin's that irTthe lexicoglical logarythms of the diurnal
juxtaposition fate has saw fit to give us. Here we are. at liberty to come and go, usin' the nights for sleeoin' and
lu* t* yS t l°J wo i kin and "i? 1 eVcn w , ear j n collars ifwe don't feel like it. and vet we sometimes comolain. When, I
think or the sad case of them peoole down there with nothing to look forward to but the things they'll have to eat and
drink and. wear and see and say the next night it makes me feel humble and ashame^ of myself.
There s one thing that surprises me about them Newport people., though, and that is that some ofithem
haven t happened to read about old man Nero. If they would get hold qf a good biography of Nero they could learn a
lot that would keep them out of their trouble.- Nero hadalmost as" harda timekeepin' himself amused as the New
port people have, but fate was kind to him. He found a lot of Christians to burn. when he'd done evervthine else in
the sportm line. .We can t. expect the Newport people to go into anything- of that kind, but they might make ar
rangements with the lynchers to bring their negroes there to burn. That would be something new to most of them
and I aint got any doubt that the first society leader who^gives a' dinner "with a' first-class lynchin* for the amusemint of
the guests would make quite a hit.
THE ORACLE OF
MULBERRY CENTER
By S. E. RISER
rj }^™"ft MAN died in England the other .day, leaving behind
**»!- It 1 him an excellent though somewhat circumscribed repu-
tation as a literary worker, and a considerable body of
J_jjiAX i P° etrv « much of which ought to be more widely appre- '•
— "**¦» 'ZrV ! c^ tc d than it ever has .been, or will be.. But he made one
poem which will give him immortality. And in the
-V^ course of it he coined a phrase which for many a year
and perhaps many a century will be passed from lip to ¦
lip by those who themselves may be ignorant of its origin, but who will find
it a trumpet call to noble living. This is the special verse which is sure to
have wide currency:
It matters not how straight the gate,
How charged with punishment the scroll,
I am the Master of my fate.
I am the Captain of my soul.
"The captain of my souL" How the phrase stirs the blood and haunts
the memory. It voices the protest of an unconquerable will against the de
crees of fate. It is the outcry of the baffled, but not of the beaten. It is the
embodiment in line of classic simplicity and force of an indomitable purpose
not to be overthrown and crushed bv the ills and woes of life.
Something was said in these columns not long a^o about the advantage
of having a hero, some greater spirit to which one might look for Quickening
and inspiration. . Such an ideal is good as far as it goes, but better vet is it
to weave into the very fiber of one's nature a heroic strand, to get as a com
ponent part of one's being the fixed determination to hold one's self steady
and serene, not to let reason become unseated or judgment dethroned or
hope become paralyzed whatever befalls you.
The basis of such a temper is the realization of the fact that while we
cannot control external events we can forever remain monarchs of that do
main which we call the inner life. We can become so independent of the out
ward scenes of circumstance that they will leave hardly more impression upon
us than the gentle breeze of summer has upon u sturdy oak. Our store of
faith, hope, love and courage may not be lessened even when all the stars go
out of our sky.
Here is a man #ho makes an unfortunate marriage. Here is one who is
suddenly plunged into financial ruin. Here is a third, who. after long and
patient struggle, is compelled to admit . that he has failed miserably in his
profession. But if any of the three possesses the really heroic temper he will
say to himself: "Well, these things are terribly hard to bear: thev are due
partly to my own lack of foresieht and energy and partly to other people, but
I will not let the present situation blight the remainder of my days. I may
be a disappointed man, but I will not be a ruined one. If the outward props
have failed me I will turn to the inward sources of supply and cheer."
Now that seems to me a kind of heroism beside which charging up San
Juan hill in the face of the enemy's fire is a comparatively easy thing. Not
for such moral heroes are the rewards of fame or the plaudits of a grateful
country. No one trumpets far and wide the details of this battle withTone's
soul. It is fought out in loneliness and with tears and bloody sweat. But
no conqueror returning from his campaign ever tasted such sweets of vic
tory as does the man who fights his battle through until he can honestly say:
"I am the captain of my soul." And sometimes that last added ounce. of de
termination may be just the force that compels the outward obstacle to yield
as the Confederate armies finally melted away before Grant's grim purpose
to fight it out, even if it took all summer.
At any rate, whether or not the mastery of one's soul brings in this life
external prosperity and success he who does achieve the captaincy of his soul
may cherish as his own the faith of an American poet. Dr. Washington Glad
den, who sings: S53K
And fierce though the fiends may fight
And «ong though the angels hide, iiv ,
I know that truth and right
Have the universe on their side.' \"
And that somewhere beyond the stars
Is a love that is better than fate.
When the night unlocks her bars, ~
1 shall see him and I will wait.
"NEVER TELL." :>
I l.ud been looking down all the time, feeling mighty proud and scared,
but at that I couldn't '•elo glancing up to see the other boys admire me. But
the first person my eye lit on was your grandma, standing in the back of the
room, whe.e she had stopped for a moment on her way up to emirch. and
glaring at me in a mighty unpleasant way.
"Tell 'em, John," she said, right out loud before everybody.
There was no way to run. for the elder had hold of my hand, and there
was no place to hide, though I reckon I could have crawled into a rat-hole.
So, to gain time, 1 blurted out:
"Tell 'em what, mam?"
"Tell 'em how you come to have your lesson so nice."
I learned to hate notoriety rijrht then and there, but I knew there was no
switching, her off onto the weather when she wanted to talk religion. So I
shut my eyes and let it come, though it caught on my palate once or twice
on the way out. »»*«.«;
"Hooked a watermelon, mam."
There wasn't any need for further particulars with that crowd, and they
simply howled. Ma led me up to our pew, allowing that she'd tend to me
Monday for disgracing her in public that way— and she did.
.That was a twelve-grain dose, without any sugar coat, but it sweat more
cant and false pride out of ,mv system than I could get back into it for the
next twenty years. I learned right thefe how to be humble, which is a heap
more important than knowing how to~b c proud. There are mighty few men
that need any lessons in that
(Prom "Letter. Prom a 8«lf.M*d« Merchant to HI. Son." by Q«on« Horac* Lorlaur
By permUiion of Small. Maynard A Co.. publishers. Boston. Mass.) «««• l-oriaur.
Every now and then old Doc Hoover used to come into the Sunday-school
room and scare the scholars into fits by roing around from class to class
and asking questions. That next Sunday, for the first time. I was glad to see
him happen in. and I didn't try to escape attention when he worked around to
our class. For ten minutes I'd been busting for him to ask me to recite a
verse of the lesson, and. when he did. I simply cut loose and recited the whole
chapter and threw in the Ten Commandments for good measure. It Tor? of
dazed the Doc. because he had come to me for information about the Old
Testament before and we'd never got much beyond "And Ahab begat Ja
hab," or words to that effect. But when he got over the shock he made me
stand right up before the whole school and do it again. He patted me on the
head and said I was "an honor to my parents and an example to my play
mates." ; v .<?".
T? EVER do I see one of these fellows swelling around with
Y'i\ca\zWt Vg&'vf their petty larceny pride that I don't think o£ a little ex
¦^^ >^Jbp^1 , perience of mine when I was a boy. An old fellow
&&Mc^k; ' cau £ nt me lifting a watermelon in his patch one after
¦|^K C^^^^^'noon and instead of cuffing me and letting me go. as I
\^^M^^^^^ had expected if I got caught, he led me home by the ear
Itg^l^zmggbvz t0 my ma< an( j jqjj jj er w k at i jj a< j k een UD tQ
cote. ?f c« atg.^tf .?V. &?? Your grandma had been raised on the old-fashioned
plan, and she had never heard of these new-fangled theories of Teasoninsr
gently with a child till its under lip begins to stick out and its eves to fill
with tears as it sees the error of its ways. She fetched the tears all right, but
she did it with a trunk-strap or a slipper. And your grandma was a pretty
substantial woman. Nothing of the tootsey-wootsey about her foot, and
nothing of the airy-fairy trifle about her slipper. When she was through I
knew that I'd been licked— polished right off to a point— *nd then she sent
me to my room and told me not to poke my nose out of it till I could recite
the Ten Commandments and the Sunday-school lesson by heart.
There was a whole chanter of it. and an Old Testament chapter at that.
but I laid right into it because I knew ma, and supper was only two hours
off. I can repeat that chapter still, forward and backward, without missing a
word or stopping to catch my breath.
HUMILITY
By Old John "Gordon" Graham
Can children be rated joint stock quo
tations?
* « * •
Girls, never mistake bubbling gusb
for love.
When a woman puts a market value
on her love, fight shy; it isn't worth
the price.
• .* ?
* *
I prefer an ice woman to a wooden
one. The former may thaw out. but the
latter is hopeless.
A man will promise his wife almost
anything in public if it will only keen*
her from calling him stingy before his
friends.
'';* . . * *
Many men might have a hundred eyes
and yet never be able to see through
the wiles of a woman.
There u something sad about a pica
dream when the pipe goes out
Flattery is the salve that our egotism
offers to our vanity.
• ' •
The philosopher gensrally 4o« tha
talking while the other fellow hustles.
Experience is the teacher who bt
lieves there'* "no lamia' without
lickin'."
Those who vitw life as a ioks sddoa
do their own laughing.
• • *
The glorious dreams of ambition ofttg
end in a very startling nightmare.
A bright smile will chase th« thxdamt
from the darkest surroundings,
* * *
The man who thinks ha it Minting
the town generally makes a very cheaa
chromo of himself.
Some natures find relief in sflence,
others in perfect foghorn screams.
* « *
Grief and sorrow are teacher* from
whom we leanr the noblest lewon* ol
Goo-goo eyes and wobbly ieHied
notes may open the Kates of a fool's
paradise, but they fly shut with an awful
bang- • , ? V
A pimple on her nose wiH take tho
conceit out of any woman.
Some men feel actually insulted if you
do not laugh at their aged iokes.
The presence of some peoole alway*
leaves a bad taste in the mouth.
People who live in glass houses ought
to roost in the cellar.
The way of the transgressor is miirhty
slippery.
• * * .
When a man achieves fame he should
either die or be stricken dumb.
All men may, have been created equal,
but it would be a hard matter to make
the lucky ones think so. _ ;
THE SUNDAY CALL.
6
ME-OWS OF A KITTYtlie women were gDeifptny on •!•">/ -rt*fc
the lights were everywhere— the blessed,
fearless gas lights— the little girls, were
dancing in the brees* thai blew In from
tn« East Hirer, Old Dutchy was giving
Maggie Kelly an olive- — Ardella almppod
viciously at a mosquito on her hot cheek.
ytranv woman paused. "Why. Ethel, she
Isn't -barefooted I" she cried. "Come here.
Ardella,' and take , off your shoes and
stockings directly. Shoes and stockings
In the Country L Now you'll know what
comfort Is," as she unlaced the boots rap-
Idly on the porch.
"Oh. ' she's been barefooted - In the
city,'*, explained Miss Forsythe. "But
this -will be different, of course.'.':^ «
And. so It was, but -not in th« sense she
Intended.'- To patter about -bare-legged on
the clear, safe pavement was one thing:
to venture unprotected Into that waving,
tripping. tangle was another. ''-She stepped
cautiously : upon the short grass near- the
house, and with jaw set and narrowed
wouldn't hartn a baby, let alon« a *L»
girl nine years old. like you."
But Ardella, chattering with aerrwus
ness, wept for her shoes and sat high and
dry In a rocklnj chair for the rest ©f ta«
morning.
"She's a quter child." Mr*. Slater con
fided to the young women. "Not a drop
of anything will she drink but ©old tea-
It don't seem reasonable to glre tt to her
all day, and I won't do It, so she has to
wait till meals. Bhe makes a face If I
say milk, and the water tastes slippery,
she says, and salty-like. Bhe won't touch
It. I tell her it's good well water, but
she Just shakes her head. She's stub
born"! a bronxe mule, that child.
eh« toesed about, dapping at them with
exclamations that would have shocked
Mrs. Slater. The eternal chatter of the
katydids maddened her. . : Bhe could not
sleep. . Across the swamp came the wall
of the peepers.
"Knee deep! Knee deep! Knee deep!"
At home the hurdy-gurdy waa playing.
heard a great June bug flopping: Into- the!
room through the loosely waving netting,
and burst Into tears of pain and fright,
wrapping her head tightly In her gingham
skirt
In the morning Mine Forsythe came
ever, accompanied by another young
¦woman. .
"How do you do, my dear?" said the
¦tranger kindly. "How terribly the mos
quitoes have stung you! What makes
you stay in the house and miss the beau
tiful fresh air? See that great plot of
daisies— does she know that she can pick
all she wants, poor little thing? I sup
pose shenever had a chance. Come out
. with me. Ardelia, and let's see which can
pick' the biggest bunch."
And Ardelia, fortified by ham and'egga,
went stolidly forth into the grass and si
lently attacked the daisies.
In the middle of her bunch the new
llps felt her way Into the higher growth.
The ladles clapped their hands at - her
happiness and freedom. Suddenly she
stopped, she shrieked, she clawed the
air with outspread fingers. Her face was
gray with terror.
"Oh, geel Oh, geel" sae screamed.
"What la It, Ardella? What Is ltf
they cried, lifting up their skirts In sym
pathy. "A snake?"
Mrs. Slater rushed out, seised Ardella,
half rigid with fear, and carried her to
the porch. They elicited from her as she
eat with her feet tucked under her and
one band convulsively clutching Mrs.
Slater's apron that something had rus
tled by her "down at the bottom," that it
was slippery, that she had stepped on It,
and wanted to go home.
"Toad," explained Mrs. Slater briefly.
"Only a little hop toad. Dells, that
"She don't seen to laS» any t&Prfst fax
th' farm, like those Fresh Air children,
either. I showed her the hens an* th«
eggs, an' she said It was a lie about the>
hens layin' 'em. Then Henry milked the
Cow, to ehow her— and she wouldn't be
lieve that, either— and -with the milk.
streamin* down from her. what. do you
s'pose she said? 'You put It In,' says she.
I never should 'a' believed that. Miss For
sythe If, I hadn't heard it." ., . .
"Oh", she'll get over.lt," said Miss Por
sythe easily. "Just wait a few days.
Good-by. Ardella: eat a good sapper."
But this Ardelia did not do. She gazed
fascinated at Mr. Slater, who loaded his
fork with cold green peas, shot them Into
his mouth, and before disposing of them
ultimately added to them half a slice of
rye bread and a great gulp of tea In on*
breath, repeating this operation at r«ca-
(Continued on Pact EJjht)
Ardella shot a quick glance at the blur
ring green that dirzled her as It rushed
by. Then; with a scowl, she resumed the
Ardelia's Journey to the Settlement
House was one of interest to her. She
¦raj a silent child, and though she did not
¦understand why the young woman from
the Settlement should cry when she in
tr<x!uced her to two other women, nor
••by no many messages should be left for
1j> r mother and so many local and gen
eral baths administered, she said very lit-.
tl<?. She was not accustomed to question
fate, and when it sent her to fried eggs
she-r«fus*-d to eat them boiled— for her
' breakfast she quietly placed them In the
credit column as opposed to the baths,
and held her peace.
I^ater. arrayed in starched and creaking
Ferments. 6he was transported to the sta
. tion and for the first time introduced to
the railroad car. She sat stiffly on the
. red plush seat, with furtive eyes and
fucked-in lips, while the young woman
•talked reassuringly of daisies and cows
and green grass. As Ardella had never
¦ eeen any of these things It Is hardly sur
prising that Bhe was somewhat enthusi
astic; but the young woman was disap
pointed by this lack of ardor.
"You can roll In the daisies, my dear,
•and pick all you want— all!" she urged
eagerly. But no answering gleam wake In
Ardelia's eyes.
"Aw right." she answered guardedly,
and stared into her lap.
r "Look out, dear, and see the fields and
houses— ee« that handsome dog, and see
the lltUe pond!"
.'¦•' k'.T.E; boy, who said vaguely that he
*fo&ni h*r in the psxk under a bench. Th«
policeman had added her to the other
foundlings waiting that day at headquar
• ters. ar.d carried them to the matron of
the institution devoted to their Interest,
where one of the scrubbing %-onien named
her.
Later she had taken up her residence
with lira. Michael Fahey. who had oon
. Bested to add to her precarious Income by .
this Beans, and at the age of four ahe be
came the offldal nurse of Master John
Sullivan Fahey. A terribly hot August,
unlimited cold tea, and a habit of playing
In the gutter in the noon glare proved too
much for her riarpe, and he died on his
third birthday. The ride to the funeral
was the most exciting event of Ardelia's
1 life. Mrs. Fahey had so long regarded
*ber as one of the family that, though her
occupation was gone and her board was
bo longer paid, she was whipped as reg
ularly and cursed as comprehensively In
her foeter mother's periodical sprees as if
they had bern closely related.
What time she could spare from helping
Mrs. Fahey In her somewhat casual
household labor Ardelia ep«rit In playing
up and down th« street with a band of
little glris, or. In the very nottest days.
Bittizxg drowsy and vindictive at the head
cf a flight of etone steps that led into
a downstairs saloon. The damp, flat.
beer-sweetened air that rushed out as the
. tnen pushed open the swing doors .was
oool and refreshing to her; she was in a
position to observe any possible custom
ers at the three pushcarts In her line of
vision, and could rouse a flagging inter
est In life by listening to any one of the
altercations that resounded from the ten
ements night and day. A policeman was
almost always In sight, and one of them,
Mr. Haiior&n, had more than once given
her a penny for lemonade. In the room
above her head an Italian band prac
ticed every evening, and then Ardella
was perfectly happy. Often a hurdy-gur
dy would station itself at the corner, and
" Ardella and the other little girls would
p» dance about singly and in pairs. Ardelia
was the lightest footed of them all: her
• hands held her skirts out almost grace
fully, her thin little legs flew highest.
Sometimes the saloon keeper— they called
'him "Oid Dutchy"— would nod approval
as Ardelia skipped and pranced, and
beckon her to him mysteriously.
• "You trow your legs coot," he would say.
"We 'shall see you already dancing, no?
Here Is an olluf; eat her."
And Ardella, who loved olives to dis
traction, would nibble off small, cour,
' ealty rnouthfuls and suck the pit luxu
riously while she listened to the Italian
. band.-
rOopyrfrnt, ISO.)
W\vt-N tba young woman rrora
the Collece Settlement dragged
ArAtCim. from her degradation
ahe wmj sitting on a dirty pave
ment and throwing assorted
ratose at aa ttnoonsdoua polloeznan. It
n«r«r had oocurred to her that her situa
tion wu anything less than refined.
"Com* hens, little girl." said the young
wofiaaa tovltlngly. "Wouldn't you like to
.oosm with 'm« aad har« a nloe, oool
bata?"
"Naw,- Mid Amelia.
. .Toa wouldn't? Well, wouldn't you
like sozae bread and butter and jam?"
"Wna's Jaiar* said Ardella conserva
tively.
"wny— It's— er — marmalade," the young
woman explained. "All sweet, you know."
"Naw:** and Andeila turned away and
.Cnrered the refuse with an air of finality
that caused the young woman to sigh
wl'Ji reiatlon.
"I thought you might like to go on a
picnic," said she hopelessly. "I thought
«:i little girls liked—"
"Picnic? When?" cried Ardella, moved
Instantly to interest. 'Tm goin"!"
She brushed the garbage from her dress
ami r.garded her rescuer impatiently.
"Whafs the matter?" she aaked. 'Tm
a'.i n adv. Kurr.p aJong!"
"We'll go and ask your mother first,
»ont we?" suggested the young woman,
a lirtle bewildered,
"Jagged:* Ardella returned laconically.
"She'd lift y'r face off yer: Is it the Dago
pier.ic ?"
The young woman shuddered. Seizing
the hand which she lmasrinM to have had
leas-t to do with the re rose she led Ar
d'-.ia away.
Ardelia's oxlKtB was shrouded in mys
toery. At the age of two months she had
1 een handed to a policeman by a scared
After a while Miss Forsythe went away,
and at her urgent suggestion Ardella
came out and sat on the porch under the
shade of a black umbrella. She sat mo
tionless, lost In the rapture of content
that follows such a crisis as her recent
For Ardella was growing ghastly pale
before them; her eyes turned inward, her
lips tightened. A blinding horror surged
from her toes upward, and the memory
cf the liquid Ice cream and the frying
onions faded before the awful reality of
her present agony.
Later, as she lay limp and white on
the slippery hair-cloth sofa. In Mrs. Sla
ter's musty parlor, she heard them, dis
cussing her situation. ,
"There was a lot of Fresh Air children
over at Mis" Slmms'e." her hostess ex
plained, "and they 'most all of .'em said
the, milk was too strong— did you ever!
Two or three of 'em was " sick, like this
one. but they got to love It In a little
while. She will, too."
Ardella shook her head feebly. She
had learned her lesson.
Miss Forsythe stared at the dirty, trail-
Ing roots that stained her linen skirts
and sighed. •
"Thank you. dear," she said politely,
"but I meant them for you. I meant you
to have a bunch. Don't you want them?"
"Naw!" said Ardelia decidedly, nursing
her cut hand and stepping with relief on
the smooth floor of the porch.
Miss Foreythe's eyes brightened sud
denly.
"I know what you want!" she cried.
"You're thirsty! Mrs. Slater, won't you
get us some of your good, creamy milk?
Don't you want to drink, Ardella?"
Ardelia nodded. She felt very tired,
and the glare of the sun seemed reflected
from everything Into her dazed eyes.
When Mrs. Slater appeared with the
foaming yellow glasses she wound her
nervous little hands about the stem of
the goblet and began a deep draught.
She did not like It: It was hard to swal
low, and instinct warned her not to go
on with It. But all the thirst of. a long
morning— Ardella was used to drinking
frequently— urged her- on, and its icy
coldness enabled her to finish the glass.
She handed It back with a deep sigh.
The young lady clapped her hands.
"There!" she cried. "Now, how do you
like real milk, Ardella? I declare, you
look like another child already! You can
have all you want every day — why,
what's the matter?"
Ardelia bent over again, tugged at a
thick stemmed clover, brought it up by
the roots, recovered her baiance with dif
ficulty and assaulted a neighboring daisy.
On this she cut her hands and, sucking
off the blood angrily, she grabbed a hand
ful of coarse grass and, plowing through
the tangled mass about her feet, laid the
spoils awkwardly on the young lady's lap.
"Gather them! Get a bunch! Oh." you
poor child! Mrs. Slater, she doesn't know
how.V Miss Forsythe was deeply moved
and illustrated by picking imaginary dais
ies on the porch. Ardelia's quick eyes
followed her gestures and, stooping, she
scooped the heads from three daisies and
started back with them, staring distrust
fully into the depths of the thick clinging
pra.-ss as she pushed through it. Miss
Forsythe gasped.
"No. no. near! Pull them up! Take,
the stem, too." she explained. "Pick the
whole flower."
"Now uick them! Pick the daisies!"
cried Miss Forsythe excitedly. "I want
to see you."
Ardella looked blank.
"Huh?" she said.
A bare-legged boy In blue overalls and a
wide straw hat then drove them many
miles along a hot. dusty road, that wound
endlessly through the parched country
fields. To the young woman's remark
that that they needed rain sadly he re
plied, "Yep!" »nd held his peace for the
following hour. Occasionally they passed
another horse, but for the most part the
cr.ly sight or Bound of life was afforded
by the hens clucking angrily as the trav
elers drove them from their dust paths
in the powdery road. At last they turned
Into a driveway, and drew up before 'a
gray wooden house. Ardelia, cramped
with sitting still, was lifted down and
escorted- up the shingle walk to the porch.
A spare, dark-eyed woman in a checked
apron advanced to meet them.
"Terribly hot to-day, ain't It?" she
felghtd. "I'm real glad to see you. Miss
Forsvthe. Won't you cool off a little be
fore you go on? This Is the little girl, I
s'pose. I guess it's pretty cool to what
she's accustomed to, ain't it, Delia?"
"No. I thank you. Mrs. Slater; Til go
right on to the house. Now, Ardelia, here
you are in the country- I'm staying with
my friend in a big white house about a
quarter of a mile farther on. You can't
see it from here, but if you want any
thing you can Just walk over. Day after
to-morrow is v the picnic I told you about.
You'll see me then, anyway. Now run
right out in the grass and pick all the
daisies you want. Don't be afraid; no
one will drive you off this crass." J
The force of this was lost on Ardella,
who had never been driven off any grass
-whatever; but she gathered that she was
expected to walk out Into the thick, rank
growth of the unmowed side yard, and
strode downward obediently, turning,
when in the exact center of the plat, for
further orders.
At last they stopped. The young woman
seized her hand and led her through tha
narrow aisle, down the steep steps, across
the little country-station platform, and
Ardella was In Arcady.
contemplation of her -starched gingham
lap. The swelterlngly hot day and the
rapid, unaccustomed motion combined to
afflict her with a strange internal antici
pation of future woe. Once last summer,
when she ate the liquid dregs of the ice
cream man's great tin. and fell asleep
In the room where her mother was frying
onions, she experienced this same fore
boding, and the climax of that dreadful
day lingered yet in her memory. So she
set her teeth and waited with stoical res
ignation for the end, while the young
woman babbled of green fields and won
dered why the child should be so sullen.
i /'An* there it was. Boon's he'd start t*
do one thing they'd tell him another.
Made up his mind he couldn't, bo he
stands there still, they do say, askln* 'em
every night which he better do."
"Stands where?" Ardelia, looked fear
fully behind her.
"Oh, I d'know. Out In that swamp,
mebbe."
Again he smoked.
Time passed by. To Ardella It might
have been minutes, hours or generations.
An unspeakable boredom, an ennui ", that
struck to the roots of her soul possessed
her. Her muscles twitched from nervous
nest. Her feet ached and burned In the
stiff boots.
Suddenly Mr. Slater coughed and" arose.
"Well, guess I'll be gettln' to ! bed," he
said. "Come on, boys. Hello, little girl!
Come, to visit with us, bey? Mind you
don't pick poison Tine." '
He shuffled Into the house, and -the boys
followed him in silence. Mrs. Slater led
Ardella upstairs Into a little hot room
and told her to get Into bed quick, for
the lamp drew the mosquitoes.
Ardella kicked off her shoes and ap
proached the bed distrustfully. It sank
down with her weight and smelled hot
and queer. Rolling off, she stretched her
self on the floor and lay there disconso
lately. Sharp, quick stabs from the
swarming mosquitoes stung her to rage;
"Just then he hears a big feller stngin'
out, 'Better go rrrround! Better go
rrrround! Better go round!'"
William rolled out a vibrating bass not*
that startled the bull frogs themselves.
" 'Lord!' says he, 'is It deep's that?
Well, I'll go round, then.' 'N' off he'
starts to walk around.
" 'Knee deep! Knee deep! Knee deep!*
says the peepers.
William gave a startling imitation of
the peepers; his voice was a high, shrill
wall.
" 'Oh. well.' s* he, 'If it's knee deep I'll
wade through,' an' he starts In. .
"I guess so. An' he heard a voice nlnjr
in' out: 'Knee deep! Knee deep! Knee
deep!' "
Ardella obeyed, and glancing timorously
at the shadows slipped around to his side.
"Onc't they was an ;ol' feller comin*
along cross-lots late at night, an* he come
to a pond,' an' he kinder stopped up an*
says' to himself, 'Wonder how deep th' ol*
pond is, anyhow?' He was Just a Ieetle—
well, he'd had a drop too much, y' «ee "•
"Had a what?" interrupted Ardelia.
"He was sort o* rollin' round— he didn't
know JuFt what he was doln' -" .
"Oh! Jagged!" said Ardelia, compre
hendlngly.
• Slowly against the background of this
machine-like clicking there grew other
sounds— weird, unhappy, far away. '
"Wheep, wheep, wheep!"
This was a high, thin crying.
"Buroom! Brrroom! Broom!"
This was low and resonant .and solemn.
Ardelia scowled.
"Wha's 'at?" she asked again.
"That's the frogs. Bullfrogs and peep
ers. Never heard them, either, did ye.?
Well, that's what they are."
William took the pipe out of his mouth.
"Come here, sissy, 'n' I'll tell y' a story,"
he said lazily.
Another long silence Intervened. .The
rocking chair swayed back and forth and
Mr. Slater snored. Little bright eyes
glowed and disappeared, now high, now
low, against the dark. It will never' be
known whether Ardelia thought. them de
fective gaslights or the flashing, chang
ing electric signs that add color to the
night advertisements of her native city,
for, contrary to all fictional precedent,
she did not Inquire with Interest what
they were. She did not care, in fact.
After half an hour of the katydids Wil
liam spoke.
"Nick Damon's heZpln' In the south'lot
t'-day," he observed.
"Was he?" asked his mother, pausing a
moment in her rocking.
"Yep."
Again he smoked, and the monotonous
clamor was uninterrupted.
"Ziz-a-zag! Ziz-zig! Zib-a-zlg-a-zig!"
"Naw," said Ardella.
"Zig-a-zag! Zig-a-zag!" Then a rest.
"Zig-a-zlg! Zig-a-zig-a-zlg!"
She looked restlessly at Mrs. Slater.'
"What's "at?" she said.
"That? Oh, those are katydids. I
s'pose you never heard 'em, that's a fact.
Kind o* cozy, I think. Don't you like
'em?" ----*» : ,
She leaned 'back and cocked silently to
and fro, and Ardella -waited for the
events of the evening. There were none.
She wondered why the gas was not lit in
nil that shadowy darkness; why the peo
ple didn't come along. She felt scared
and lonely. A new, unknown depression
weighed her down. • It grew steadily;
something: was happening, something con
stant and mournful— what? Suddenly she
knew. It was a steady, recurrent noise,
a buzzing monotonous click. Now it rose,
now it fell, accentuating the silence dense
about it. ' • . ' .
"There, there, Delia; , If ¦ only a cow.
She won't hurt you. She tires the milk"
—Ardella shuddered— "and the butter, too.
Here's «ome bread and butter for you.
We've had our supper, but I thought the
sleep would do you more good." .> '-¦
Still shaken by the shock of that pant-
Ing, hairy beast, Ardella put out her hand
for the bread and butter and ate It gTeed
lly. Then she stretched her cramped
limbs and, looked over the umbrella. On
the porch ' sat a bearded man In . shirt
sleeves And stocking- tret, his head
ti.rown back against his chair, his .mouth
open. He snored audibly. Tipped back In
another chair, his feet raised and. pressed
against one of the supports of the porch
roof, sat a younger man. He was. not
asleep,' for he was smoking: a pipe, but ha
was as' motionless as the other. Curled
up on the steps was the boy- who. had
brought them from the station. Occasion
ally he patted a mongrel collie beside
him. and, yawning, stretched himself, but
he did not speak.
"That's Mr. Slater," said the woman
softly, "and the young- man Is my eldest
son, William. They're out in the,fleld all
day, and they get pretty tired. It seta
nice and cool out here by evenln', don't
ltr- i
When she awoke she wu In a strange
place. Outside the umbrella all was dusk
and shadow. The tall tree* loomed vague
ly toward the dark iky; the tttn wer»
few. As «h» cased in half terror about
her a strange Jang-llng cam* bearer and
nearer, and a great animal with swing--
Ing sides, pantinf terribly, ran oluraslly
by, followed by a bare-lenred boy. whose
thudding feet sounded loud on the beaten
path. Ardella shrank against the wall
with a cry that brought Mrs. Slater to
her side. . .
misery. In a few moments - ahe ! was
asleep. .' -
THE SUNDAY CALL,
7
ARDELIA IN
ARCADYlar Intervals in voracious- silence. She re
garded William, who consumed eight,
large molasses cookies and. three glasses
of frothy milk, as a mere afterthought
to the meal, gulping furiously. He never,
spoke. Henry she dared not look at, for
he burst into laughter whenever she did,
and cried out: "You put It In! You put
it in!" which Irritated her exceedingly.
But she knew that he was biting great
round bites out of countless slices of but
tered bread, and In utter silence. Now.
Ardella had never In her life eaten In
silence. Mrs. Fahey, when eating, .gos
siped and fought alternately with Mr.
Fahey's old, half-blind, mother; her son
Danny, In a state of dismissal from bis
various "jobs," sans, whistled . and per
formed clog dances under the table dur
ing their meal; their neighbors across the
narrow hall shrieked her comments,
friendly or otherwise; and all around and
above and below resounded the busy noise
of the crowded, clattering- city street.
Through the open door the buzz of the
katydids was beginning tentatively. In
the Intervals of William's gulp a faint
bass note warned them from the swamp:
' "Better go rrround! Better go round!".
Ardella'a nerves strained and snapped.
Her eyes grew wild.
"Fer Gawd's sake, talk!" »ne cried
sharply. "Are youse dumbie8?"» .v /,-
. The morning; dawned fresh, arid : fair j
the trees and the brown turf smell ed
sweet; the 'homely barnyard noisea
'brought a smile to Miss Forsythe' a sym
pathetic face as she waited for ¦> Ardella
to Join her In a drive to the station. Put
did not smile. 'J- Her ¦ eyes : ached
with the great green glare, the strasige,
scattered objects, the long unaccustomed
vistas. Her cramped feet wearied for the
smooth pavements, her ears hungered for
the .dear, familiar din. . She . scowled ;a.t
' the winding, empty road; she shrieked at
the passing oxen.
At tlje station Miss Forsythe shook her
limp little hand,
"Good-by, dear," she said. "Ill bring
the other little children back with me.
You'll enjoy that.- ' Good-by."
"I'm com In* too," said " Ardella.
"Why— no, dear— you) wait for us. Totfo
only' turn around and come right back,
you know," urged Miss Forsythe, secretly
touched by this devotion to herself. .
"Come back no thin'."" said Ardella dos>
Sredly. "I'm groin" home."
"Why— why, Ardella, Don't you really
like It?"
"Naw: It's to* hot."
Miss Forsythe stared.
"But Ardella.- you don't want to go
back to that horrible, smelly street. Mot
truly?" .
"Betcher life I do," said ArdeUa.
•"'¦ The train steamed to. VOm- ForSTth*
mounted the steps uneasily, AxdeUs, oUn#
ing; to her, hand. •.'•*; «» i
"It's , aoi lovely and quiet," tti * jrvoof
ladyt • pleaded." v ' - i ::¦ ' I ¦" • < - ¦¦'
Arde.Ha - shuddered. - • .. : '
"It v smells so rood, ArdelUI /All the
Ereen things!'.!': •' .- ">,¦¦' < l ¦- *¦£•*£* ,
Good! that hot 1 "rMtUng trees* of noon
fl *y. that damp and windl
*"c/ ruae on in silence, out we jar ; ana
Jolt of the engine made music In Ardella'a
ears; the crying of the hot. babies, the fa
miliar Jargon' of, the newsboy. .VNT.Tawlc
moyning paypers!" were a breath of home
to her uttle cockney heart. , r ,
They pushed through. the great station,
they climbed the steps • of the- ¦ elevated
track, they • jingled on a erosstown car,
and at a familiar corner Ardella slipped
loose her hand, uttered a Brunt "of Joy,
and Mlsa Forsythe looked for her. In* vain.;
But late la the evening, when the great
city turned out to breathe and «U Wtt*
opened «hlrt and „ tooeened bedUw on Ife*
dirty Btepa; when the hur«1y*«urO* «e»
cuted brassy scales and the UgfoU (UreA
In endlesa sparkling rows; when the trul,
ley cones' at the corner plarc«4 the *\t
and feet tapped cheerfully down the cool
¦tone . steps . of - the boer shop, Ardoiu.
barefooted and abandoned, nibbling at *
section of, boloma sausage, secure In the
hope of on 'olive to come, cake walked ln-
•eUnttj with ft band of Uttle stria behind
a. eevore policeman, mocking his stolid
yalt, to the tUlicht of Old Dutchy. who
beamed approvingly at her pranctngs.
"Ja, Ju; you trow out your feet root
Borne day wo pay to see you; no? Teu
like to get back already r*
Ardelta performed an audacious pas sen!
and reached for her olive.
"Ja. danky thun, Dutchy." 8 be said lir-^
Hy. and n* the hurdy-gurdy moved away j
and the ob«e of the Italian band bena to
run up and down the «cal« ah« sank upon
her cool step* stretched her toes im
eUfn*l.
"<3««r ttte murmured. "IT Yawk'a ti*
ptaceP 1 "
Continued from Page Seven.
ARDEXIA IN ARCADY.
Lie down at full length on your side
and spread the legs so that both feet can
be firmly planted on the ground later on.
Then assist with both hands to raise the
body on one outstretched arm and hold
the other outstretched directly above the
former, so that it will be In readiness
to support the body In Its turn. (Figure
4.) When the balance Is complete shift
It completely to the other side and arm.
taking care that the body does not sag
down, but -presents a straight slanting:
line. Keep going over in a circle and re
volve either forward or backward.
Later on. when this can be easily done,
bend iin and backward the head, upper
back and legs, so that the body, will form
as much cf a semicircle as possible. - At
least make them go higher than the ab
domen.
This vigorous exercise Is especially good
for the trunk.
IV. The One- Arm Roll.— The one-arm
roll is ouite severe for beginners, but
even the weakest can master It with a
little perseverance.
Place the abdomen on the log and have
the head, knees and feet on the ground
to begin with. Stretch the arms to their
full leneth clear of the ground In front
of the head, and then bring the body In
Si straight line, with the abdomen alone
touching any earthy thing. (Figure 3.)
The placing of the legs over the head
keeps the abdominal region and the or
rans contained therein in fine trim. .The
pushing is Rood for shoulders, arms and
neck The stretching of the muscles along
the spine cures weaknesses of the back,
and. the enlarged supply of blood Insured
the head banishes headaches.
III. Equilibrium Exercise.— This Is ex
ecuted on a log eighteen Inches or two
feet In diameter, or a rock, or a mound
cf earth or sand.
Next, push harder with the arms and
spring up to a standing position the mo
ni^nt the toes touch the ground.
Lie down flat on the back, with the
palms of the hands on the.'pround at the
sides of the head and with the fingers
pointing back of the head. Raise the legs
and lower part of the body over the head
until the toes touch the ground. (Fig
ure 2.)
When you become adept push against
the ground with the hands while the legs
are being carried over the hoad. draw the
head from between the arms and lie flat
on your stomach. :.,'.;-
(Copyright, 15Q3, by Anthony Barker.)
DO you remember how. when you
¦were a boy, you used to roll
around In the grass when you
were taken to the country for the
summer? Do you remember what your
father used to say: "Let the rascal roil;
It's good for him?" And. more Impor
tant still, do you remember how the toss-
Ins exhilarated you and sent you to bed
o' nights ready for healthful sleep?
If there l» any business man who re
members these thlnrrs let him lose his
manhood's dignity for the sake of his
health when he goes into the country
this summer. In the roly-poly system of
outdoor, hot weather physical culture.
Herein lies the chief value of the ro.y
poly system. Man scarcely ever aids the
heart In its work of lifting blood to those
parts of the body above it. principally
the head. He Is bo particular about ket-p- .
Ing his head higher than his feet at all
times that he sleeps on a fat pillow and
takes special care not. to bring his head
Into bodily exercise any more than he
can help. Consequently the brain's blood
eupply la neither varied nor stimulated
In contradistinction to other portions of
the body. 60 the brain goes on craving
for more blood and physical exercise,
which is as necessary to it as to other
parts of the body, and the result is Ian- •
guor. Etupor, headaches and other kin
dred troubles.
Let the man who has been in his office
the year around, or who smokes too
much, or who has been living too high.
I start with the simplest roly-poly exercises
and gradually work up to the harder
ones. In this way he will accustom his
body to strange positions that once were
natural and easy of accomplishment with
out any accompanying traces of dizziness.
But If he should become dizzy let him
rest and try It again, and before long no
uncomfortable feeling will be noticed.
The exercises— four are described below
—will poon let the man know where ho
Is weak and what muscles need bui'.dlng
up. Let him heed the warning, center the
mind on these parts and strive earnestly
to strengthen them against the day of
disease. Let him not be annoyed by any
strain on those parts, for this will be a •
rure sign to him that his efforts are hav
ing a beneficial effect.
I. Side Rolling.— Lie down fiat on your
back on a grass plat or the seashore.
Bend the leps. grasp the tots on the out
side in the hands and see that the feet
are tonohiner. Pull a little in opposite di
rections with feet and hands, that the
arms may be well stretched. Then at
first roll from side to side on the back
only. (Figure 1.) When you become more
proficient roll clear over and make a
sharp effort to land on your back again.
As In nearly all of these exercises, the
whole of the body is benefited, but the
parts especially lookr-d after are the neck,
due to ho'.ding up the head: the should
ers, the upper legs, the small of the back
and the region around eieh knee.
IL The Rack Roll.— This is a difficult
nut excellent oxerciFe for a fat man, as
It epeediLv reduces the abdomen by con
tracting, ft in an unusual way.
THE CALL
8
ROLY-POLY OUT DOOK PHYSYCAL CULTUREAnd'so It is with her. It is galling to
Bit in a dark corner and watch her in
tended victim flirting outrageously with
a curlv haired, short skirted, be-sweat-'
©red imp. but. on the other hand. It would
be quite as humiliating to brave the
She firmly decides that yachting is not
adapted for women: It is too rude, too
rough, too strenuous for the gentler tastes.
And fco she shrinks Into a corner and
stays there somewhat like the prisoner
of the middle aces who was confined In
a cell four feet each way and with slop
ing floors. If he lay down he Imagined
it would be more comfortable to stand;
if be stood it seemed less miserable to
Bit. No matter what he did. there was
absolutely no relief.
Whatever possesses the girl who car
ries along enough fluffs to last her a
month at the seashore? Space means
everything, and woe be unto the unwary,
beruffled frock that finds Its way on ship
board. After a day or so of Etlff weather,
a few feet walking up its back and a
night or so of hopeless wrinkles It Is a
Eight to behold.
And the prettyish land lassie! Her soft
baby curls hang straight down in pa
thetic strings, ner nose and eyes are, red,
and, rnbbed of her dainty settings, she
Is nothing but a complete surprise party.'
and the time has come when girls are
Invited to swell the Jolly throng quite aa
a matter of course.
with a sore head. She snaps and snarls
and succeeds admirably In making her
self and everybody else thoroughly mis
erable. .
Moral: N»vcr cirrv mort thun »mi «h-
strong sunlight and endure tne look of
utter astonishment that invariably fol
lowed her like a wrathful shadow.
So there she Is obliged to sit, discon
tented and as cross and surly an a bear
solately need and see to It that It is suit
able and weather proof. Not one girl In
a thousand can rise above he! vanity
and be natural. She has banked upon
rior 1or>V« for •<¦> tnn^ utid hnci practically
avoid the capital "I" as you woutd the
pest. Remember that they are the lords
of creation and We them an opportunity
to proclaim their deeds of valor.
Remember and write down in your
mind's tablet that your troubles annoy
bo many artiul wiles and flirtatious meV_
ods that she is perfectly lost without
them.
Sweaters, short skirts and stout boots
are not the daintiest or the most becom
ing things to wear, but/ they are by far
the best in the long run. They are warm
and "comfortable and defy the elements
to do their worst.
Wan always has and probably always
will be tickle, and while our home folks
tell us that "beauty is only skin deep" it
seems to make a heap of difference with
them. It's ever so much easier and ever
bo much more pleasant to watch the
moon as it conies up, to speculate on the
lady and gentleman up there and wonder
if they are enjoying life as much as you
are — that is, if you are pretty. It's a heap
of fun wondering whether some recipe.*
are as appropriate for them as they are
lor you. For Instance, "For one ounce of
dark deck add a little moonlight, take
tor granted two people, a little soft hand
pressed in two strong ones. Sift lightly
two ounces of attraction, one of romance,
add a large measure of folly, stir in a
floating ruffle and two whispers. Dis
solve a half dozen glances in a well of
silence, sprinkle in a sjnall j quantity of
hesitation, one ounce of resistance, two of
yielding. Place on a flushed cheek or two
lips, flavor with a slight scream and set
aside to cool." It's warranted to succeed
in all climates if the directions are care
fully followed out, and why shouldn't it
succeed* just as well in other worlds?
A bore on a yacht is simply hopeless.
There's no getting away from him. The
definition as "one who talks about him
self When you want to talk about your
self" is often the case, but if you, Mlsa
Lady, want to be a general favorite, es
pecially with men, you must learn to
More than likely the chef Is one ot th©
toys, and It is the thoughtful girl who
lends a willing hand. She need not neces
sarily cook or wash dishes, but now and
then a dainty salad or a tempting dessert
goes a long way toward making people
happier. When there's nothing to do but
eat. drink and be merry every little
counts, no matter how triflng It may be.
And the drinking part reminds mi
Somehow or other a prejudiced notion has
been spread broadcast that yaehters and
arkers. for that matter, are afraid to
drink water for fear of typhoid, milk for
tuberculosis, coffee for nervous prostra
tion. In fact, they cry aloud with the
schoolmaster who said to his class, "Now,
let us have- 'Little Drops of Water* again:
and do. please; put a little spirit into It."
"Wherever you go these days there Js
apt to be more spirit and less water; but
there Is not a shadow of an excuse for
any girl imbibing freely of the flowing;
bowl. To be sure, her friends will urge
her— will go so far as to laugh at her. but
secretly and in their heart of hearts they
admire her No chaperon will refuse to
permit the serving of wines and liquors,
and certainly they are sufficient— at any
rate all that Is wise to take.
There are some people In this world who
are eternally and forever In th© way.
They don't mean to be, but they seem to
possess the happy faculty of always be
ing In the wrong place at the wrong time.
If you want to read don't take all the
pi'.lows that you can carry and the latest
magazines and so armed plant yourself
just where it la the bounden duty ot
everybody to fall over you. It never fails
to make one feel like raising the toe of
their boot and landing you full seventeen
miles out to sea. Somehow It Isn't condu
cive to good humor.
An<i. girls, whatever else you are, don't
for heavfn*» sake be the objectionable
third party. It don't pay. When once you
begin to Intrude your popularity begins to
wane; and. besides, some day you may
appreciate that "two's company, thrWs. a
crowd."
Nine out of ton girls have a great habit
of clutching fanatically at any and every
rope tf the yawl gives a sudden lurch.
Now, that isn't a bit sailorlsh; In fact,
it's the earmarks of a landlubber. The
sailor plants his heels down firmly, but
who could expect any one with thoso
ridiculous little high-heeled boots to da
anything else but waver and wobble
alicut. They're smart looking on land,
tut when you are vainly striving for your
sea legs they arc an abomination of the
•vorst kind.
If you really want to make yourself use
ful begin first by remembering that you
are a girl and that there are any number
of prptty feminine things always at
hand that you may do. It's difficult to
keep a cabin spick and span when it is
vsed constantly -and for all purposes, and
the man has never been born who ha*
the same knack of picking up here, put
ting there and with a few deft touches
straightening things generally. His in
tentions are good and he often tries hard
enough, but the art Is essentially wom
anly. . . .
those whom they do not sadden, and
make It a rule and never swerve from it
in the slightest to only pass pleasant
things. Gossip, too. is really going out
of fashion. It's true that the cozy din
ner board or Just afterward, when all
are lazying about, is a great temptation
to tell the latest bit of news, but these
days an ill natured criticism Is a social
blunder and is not tolerated in polite so
ciet;-.
¦\\ natever you do don't be the would-be
navigator and Insist on taking the wheel
and then try to keep up your end of aa
animated conversation. Really, you
urtn't a Napoleon and as the gift of gab
comes far more naturally to you than thm
art of steering a craft you are apt to
get not only yourself but others Into
trouble.
always tell. '
She might be like the chap whose,
friends were trying to lose him. With
baskets filled with lunch and hampers
laden with good things to wet his throt
tle, he sailed merrily away on what waa
always certain Jo be a disagreeable trip.
But alas and alack! Who originated the
eayir.g about the bad penny always
turning up. He evidently knew
whereof he spoke. When the voyagers
reached beme port not one of them could
*tand or even hold their head up except
ing the bad penny. His day had been on©
cf unalloyed pleasure. Every one had re
fused to even so much as glance toward
the hampers— hence his rations had been
doubled, nay trebled, and for once In his
life he had been distinctly it.
The love of a girl is the blowsy, Jolly
fel'ow who goes for the sheer delight of
"sailing against the wind," as Peter the
Great put It- It takes her two and a half
minutes by the clock to pack a suit case,
her people are informed of her where
abouts on the way down the 6tairs and
her hat and coat are put on as she runs
madly for a car. Conventionality means
little or nothing to her when a yawl and
the sta btckon her on and for the time
being she utterly forgets that she is. a
staid, dignified young lady and acts th©
part of a tomboy to a nicety.
She Is the girl who measures her friends
by the bushel, for no ratter where ehe
is or with whom she may cance to be
her ready sympathy and adaptability to
please are always there: she is sensitive
to the moods of her companions and quick
to see whether the is amusing or boring
them.
Whenever fun is on the tapis she is
the first guest invariably named, for she
la ever ready and willing. There is none
of this everlasting disagreeable backing
end filling about her, and It must be con
fessed that the frolicsome, merry girl who
Is blessed with the charm of agreeable
language Is appreciated by alL Nothing
¦o quickly opens hospitable doors.
There is just one other girl who rides
th« billows and she Is the one who dotes
on all things Bohemian and who fancies
that yachting and all that goes with it
Is a mild way of being devilish.
Ehe is the one who leaves her home
In a white duck suit, so that all may see
and know of her doings- She has an
Idea that yachting is essentially the rich
man's sport and she feels her importance
and insists that others shall feel it, too.
In a high, strident voice she babbles
and bubbles until all within a block of
her escape to a quiet spot and are in
clined to fall upon their knees and give
thanks.
Fancy such a girl as a steady diet fpr
several days! Nowhere on earth is it so
essential to have a well modulated voice
as when confined hi close quarters. The
"ear piercing fife" would drive a man to
the shrouds, while a soft musical voles
would hold him captive.
There is no sport that Is as simple and
as good a means of gain, g complete rest
from business cares as tossing about on
the water for a few days, or a few weeks.
"For Ehe'a a Jolly good fellow.
That no one can deny."
It's all right being a jolly good fellow,
but It must be remembered that there are
pood fellows and pood fellows— that no
one can deny, either. . i
The most trying girl that ever came
over the pike Is the one who abhors
everything and anything nautical, but
who considers it one of the duties of her
life to successfully wet-blanket every out-
Ing that she 1b Invited to by being beast
ly 111 at the first swell and demanding tTie
dancing attendance of every •Jatt^'l o3a».<
board. * ; V : '\\--
You can't throw her overboard and'you
can't with any semblance of decency
neglect her. So altogether there is
Just on© remedy for her. Take precious
good care to run where It Is the roughest
and If luck is coming your way it will be
but a matter of a few minutes until she
doesn't care whether she lives or dies.
Her only wish on earth is to be let severe
ly alone. Then Just to the contrary she
will probably bob up serenely like a daisy
in May. For calling is a queer proposi
tion, you know, and you can't sometimes
By Madge Moore.
THE ETIQUETTE OF THE
YACHTING GIRL
Sunday Call Women and Children's SectionAnswers to Correspondents).
Gwendolen.— To Impart gloss to the hair
brush It with a brush dipped In perfumed
Agnes P. H.— Nothing Is better for the
iralsV IX you want to keep it trim and
I Mrs. M. M.— For your little girl's hair
use 'a fine comb dally, and then massage
the scalp with alcohol and water in equal
quantities. Afterward give It a thorough
brushing. '• . . *
• Quinine » grains
• Tincture of cantharldes 1 dram
Spirits of nutmeg 2 ounces
Fluid extract of JaborandL.14 dram
Rose water 1 pint
'Mix well and apply twice a week, using
a small, stiff brush. .
Glycerine .........l ounce
James H.— A rood wash for the hair. If
you are becoming bald, Is made of:
. Constant Reader.— A good lotion for
whitening the skin Is mad* of:
. - Pure honey (strained) 4 oonoes)
Glycerine ......................1 ounce
¦ Rose water ....................1 ounce
" Citric acid ..a drama
Essence of rose........ .6 drops
water to which a little alcohol has been
added. Dress the hair while It Is damp,
then It is easy to give It the right turn.
When quite- dry It can be loosened, well
combed through and again dressed to ad
vantage. ' '
Enquirer.— To Increase growth of eye
brows, bathe them once a day with warm
water and salt— about % teaspoonful of
salt to H P'nt of water— and occasionally
rub on sorao sweet oil, — ~*
Annetta.— A cheap remedy for freckles
is made of % or. each of glycerine and
water and 2 drams of lactic add. Apply
with a small camel's hair brush, which
you can buy at an art store for about 15
cents.
Patridaw— To prevent your hair from
turning gray rub tat* the root* a lotion
made of:
Cocoanut oil .j. .¦.'..«..— ....^3 ozs.
Bay rum ....1 os.
Oil of bergamot 5 drops.
Shako well before using. I would warn
you against pulling out gray hair, be
cause others will come In their place,
which will b« stiff and short and much
more noticeable than those pulled out.
Take great care of your health. Gray
hairs often are the result of a run-down
condition. With Improved health tho
color of the hair may be restored.
symmetrical, than an elaitlo exerciser.
Indeed, as a waist-reducer It Is a positive
delight. Not only does the waist grow
more sylph-llks, but all the muscles of
arms, shoulders and back become firmer
and stronger. Facing the exerciser, and
alternating right and left band, with body
erect, pull forward, upward, downward,
outward. For the downward movement
draw the arm quite close down to the
side. With the back to the exerciser, and
using both hands, pull straight forward,
pull overhead, pull both bands forward
under the arms.
It is a simple and prosalo recipe. Take
the white of an egg, dilute It one-third
with water, beat It a little and put It In
an airtight bottle. At night saturate *
comb with the mixture and pass it
through the hair until It Is well mois
tened. Divide It Into strands and wrap
It around on Ions; kids.
This mum not be done carelessly, or
the hair will eventually present a jum
bled, crinkled appearance, very different
from the symmetrical waves which are
to be desired.
Herein lies another secret. Each strand
must be as tightly twisted as a cord be
fore It Is wrapped around the kid. la
this way the wavea are made of the earne
size.
Old-fashioned bandoline Is not to be de
spised by the girl who wants curly love
locks.
It Is made by pouring one pint of boll-
Ing water over three teaspoonfuls of
quince seeds. Let It stand for several
hours then strain and thin It with water
or cologne. A few drops of essence of
rose or violet may be added.
The styles to which society's hair adapts
Itself at the various resorts thie ssasso
may be thus analysed:
Bar Harbor girls wear natural curls, 3
Long Branch's run In fluffs.
The Lenox lassie's hair falls In masses,
While Newport's twines m ruffs;
Down at Cape May the breezes play
With ringlets soft and fine.
That sleek and neat, despite the heat,
Are kept by bandoline.
The hair dries under this firm treat
ment, and the result Is a nice, even wave
that will stand a good deal of weather,
even that damp kind which abounds at
the seashore, to the vexation of the sum
mer clrl who delights In curls.
The densest sea fogs and the humid
summer air of the mountains may alike
be Indifferent to the girl who possesses
another secret about making the little
sugar curls that Barrle so likes to writ*
about.
An excellent drying lotion for damp
hair Is made of half an ounoe each of
powdered bicarbonate of soda and bor
age of'BOda and three ounces each of
bay rum and rose water.
After moistening the hair with this
mixture it can be curled easily If put
up on "kids." Or the tongs may be
used If dispatch 1« necessary. The use
of tongs once or twice a day is not
harmful. Heat the tongs Just enough
¦o they will not eeorch paper. An at
omizer Is convenient to use In moisten
ing the hair, and either the lotion rec
ommended or a perfume can be used.
After twisting each lock about the
tongs hold them until you can count six
ty. The tongs are not too hot, the hair
Is damp and the pressure Is steady and
fcard.
The hair, by thla time, should be
cleansed and silken, and each Individual
hair made to shine. It Is a treatment
which certainly gives bloom to the hair.
If a maiden has only a brief ten
minutes In which to dry her dripping
hair after a bath it may be restored
to beauty and flumneea In short order
by the use of a nickel-plated hairbrush
with hollow back and teeth.
The brush is bo constructed that It
separates at the handle, and Into the
hollow back hot water can be poured.
The handle Is then adjusted and the hair
can be dried in a very few moments.
At least one thing can be- Bald in their
favor — they are cheap and can be bought
daily and lost without regret. Then they
protect the neck and lend an abandon to
the ensemble that Is In keeping with the
unconventionally of the moment.
Hats for mermaids need not be the plain
affairs cf years past. New ones are of
ribbons and flowers, bo recklessly ex
travagant is the modern maid. These
hats tie under the chin and are so large
that they completely hide the rubber caps,
which may be covered with shot or plain
ellk or plaid silk. The latter ar« tho
prettiest.
. Caps and bonnets aside, the pretty
jrlrl who roes Into the water with a
blue silk handkerchief knotted over
her hair, whether It la "golden, gray
and curly" cr can boast of only lamp
post locks, la bound to look coquettish.
"When I go out for a long swim or
a race," says one beauty. "I wind a
•silk handkerchief eecurely about my
head after braiding and binding up my
hair very tightly."
However, if tressea are allowed to go
unbound and get thoroughly wet. It Is
neither a long nor a tiresome task to
dry the hair and make it presentable.
In the first place. Bit down In the
sun. like little Sallle Waters, and nhake
out your golden locks, your raven locks,
your purple locks, or locks of whatever
hue. Let each separate hair have a
chance to become sunned and aired.
Especially let the scalp get well venti
lated. The sun's rays eure curative and
stimulating, and nothing Is better for
head and hair, ns well as complexion,
than a daily isun bath of ten minuter
duration. It gives life to the hair. The
eun may also sprinkle a few freckles
over your precious nose, but what are
they compared with abounding health
and vigor and beautiful tresses T
The hair dries In a surprisingly short
time when treated to a sun bath. - It
must then be brushed to give It gloss,
and finally a rub with a towel may ba
neceesary.
The rubber cap must be red with a wide
ruffle. This is the verdict of one fair
maid, who adds, "it Is the only headgear
for bathing which has the slightest pro
tense to adornment. Bonnets are too un
becoming to be Indulged In by the maid
who possesses a spark of vanity."
Another damsel thinks differently about
the bonnet question and will give as her
verdict that "the untrlmmed huge
bonnets that are strewed upon the beach,
heavy with moisture and burned by the
eun, are the most picturesque after all."
The ca;> is made of black stockinet lined
v.ith robber, and under Its edge is sewed
the suggestion of a fringe of hair. If such
frivolity is not out of the question. Then
the l-a: p. put up In papers concealed
beneath the cap. is ready to appear In
ail its glory when the sea bath is over.
This arrangement of the hair, with
rubber cap, and bra!<Js that are not
"really and truly" ones, is bo genuinely
protective that half an hour from the
time the wearer leaves the water her hair,
beautifully curled and dry. Is the envy
of all her friends.
•71 V OST women find the manage
/ \ /I meet of the hair while bathing
I y I a rather difficult problem.
V. "* 1 Not only is It a Question how
JL to arrange the hair ao that she
¦will not look like a fright, but the proper
way to dry it after the dip Is also a
matter requiring Borne study.
The average girl la aware that nothing:
is uglier than a rubber bathing cap, but
this .head covering mar be managed la
Euch a way that It ii positively becoming.
First, the h&lr is arranged In two tight
braids end then pinned closely to the head.
Then two false braids are fastened on,
which hang down the back with quite
the effect of natural hair.
(Copyright. 1*3, by T. C. Medure.)
THE SUNDAY CALL.
10
HOW TO BE
PRETTY
WITH DRIPPING
LOCKSpaao* en *arth, ffoed win to men— and
most of th* woman— over th* struggling
world and tuck It In at tha corner*. Each
nonast toller— this would bar the plumb
er* and tha newspaper men and other
dealer* In pipe*— should have a neat white
cottage with a rose bush and an air of
respectability In tha front yard and a
doghouse in tha back. There should ba
libraries and dob*— not stuffed— and hos
pitals, and pension* on the half-shell, and
rest rooms ,' for tha mule* In tha coal
mine*, and perhaps straltjackets for tha
mules who own them. Any man caught
working over eight hour* a day was to
ba fired on th* spot; if the spot wasn't
big ] enough another could ba ordered at
once at the expense of tha company. Then
should ba realized that glorious future of
which tho (Teat poet Woodyard Kindling
Bang: . ' .
When a* man shall work for money,
And bo man ¦hall work for prals% .
' But each for fear of a bouncing-
And tha hop* of an early ralaa»
An expert gatherer can gather from
then* few remark* that W. Strenuous
only^need half a chance to make the
nago ,of Sklbo or tha time-worn toller of
Tarry town look lisa tha : change for a
lead nickel.
At this point In our thrilling drama the
audience Is expected to go out and gazo
at tha atmosphere some thirty-five years
while our hero is sitting up nights with
the convenient but e~sy goose that laid
the steel rail and Ltandard Oil eggs. It
is alleged by some envious ones, who
couldn't tell a goose from a lamb if they
saw them together on Wall street, that
goose Is only another rams for those of.
of their time, according to the report* ta
the newspapers), he would settle down
to a canter and begin to pass the long
green around among those whom the
lightning had failed to strike. .;.;¦>
He had noticed among other things that
labor and capital. were not on the best of
terms; apparently they had never been
introduced. Whenever there was an ex
tra large pot to divide the horny-handed
son of toil would get a Saturday after
noon off for a month while the hot
weather lasted and a large wad of good
advice about taking care of the pennies,
because he would never have anything
larger to look after; while the Uly-fln
gered scion of a degenerate aristocracy
would walk off with the surplus and tha
accumulated dividends. According to W.
Strenuous this was unjust, although quite
In accordance with Scripture and the
teachings of Mr. Baer of the late firm of
Grin, Baerlt & Co. W. Strenuous would
order things quite differently. He be
lieved that the laborer was worthy of his
hire, and the higher the better. When he
should take hold of the reins of power
and put his feet on the dashboard he In
tended to see to It that there should be
enough to go around twice and lap over
half way. . Hunger should be unknown
except at the table of the poor, dyspeptic
millionaire, and grim-visaged care should
pass .away except from those who had
trouble In reinvesting their Income.
Strikes should be as infrequent under W.
Strenuous'- beneficent . regime - aa in a
By Nicholas Nemo
Klondike mining camp or with a twlrler
of. the sacred sphere of Andy Freeman's
late alleged baseball team. ,
He had It all planned to a frazzle how
he would spread the glorious mantle of
Having com* to this sensible oonclusloa
ha sadly folded up his plans for tha refor
mation of everything In sight and laid
them away with David B. Hill's chances
for the Presidency and other lost cause*.
He had discovered that the.-e'* many a
slip 'twixt millionaire and tha millen
nium: he had learned also that while
money makes tha mare go It works dif
ferently with mules.
W. Strenuous had . the philanthroplo
ftver and he had it extra hard. As he
gayly pushed his plow athwart the stub
born glebe or dallied with the imminent
deadly brush scythe he pondered the
weighty problem of setting the sinful race
of man on the right road to happiness
and prosperity, world without end, amen.
This was comparatively easy for him, his
giant intellect being equipped with a com
pound condensing, self-lubricating, pon
dering attachment. The sun rose and
then set as is Its peaceful wont, but W.
Strenuous Hustleton went on with his
plan for the universal redemption of the
race of man. up to and Including the coal
operators. For the special benefit of the
latter he Included In his layout an extra
large hickory club and v a home-made
woolen sock with a low browed vitrified
brick carefully concealed in the south
east corner of the light fantastic toe. He
would become rich to begin with. Mod
est youth! Most of us are lucky if we
can end that way, and mighty few of
us are ever lucky. Then when he had
acquired a modest competence of half a
million a year, with a steam yacht and
a black and tan automobile on the side
(that's tho way automobiles spend most
his birth and early life having been as
we have stated, more or less, it will not
aurpzise any one to learn that while still
a youth he seriously contemplated 'the
reformation of the world. The first words
his baby lips uttered were, "Rattle, rev
enue and reform." The logical connection
of these three Ideas Is apparent to all who
have lived in New York City.
Nothing less than a complete recon
struction of society would satisfy him.
We have all felt that way at times, but,
fortunately for the world, we have to
knock off our contemplations and go out
and earn the price of three square meals
and a place to lay our heads. If we could
all be rich and good natured at the same
time we'd be walking all over each other
In our Christian endeavor 'o send th©
old scheme of things to the dust heap
and lay out a brand new society fresh
from the press.
When he presented tha hardy cons of
toll with the aforementioned vine-clad
cottage, with the rosebush and doghousa
annex, they demanded American Beauties
and a St. Bernard, with the license paid.
They called for Morris chairs in the read
ing-rooms and free beer in the hospitals.
The , pension idea suited them down to
the ground.but the walking delegates sug
gested that they be. allowed to ladle It
out at so much per ladle. They took to
the eight-hour day fast enough, but in
sisted that it should not be connected
with the payroll, on the principle, prob
ably, that a man should not let his left
hand know what his right hand Is doing.
aII In all, W. Strenuous was of the opin
ion that the cheerful but ignorant poet
who sang: '.-•>
Man wants but little hare below
Had rot th* version wrong:
It should ba. Man want* all tits ihmr,
- And wants It for a song. '
us who eat and drink and wear ready
made clothing and pay rent and buy hard
coal. This Is plainly a canard, for the
reason that none of us is compelled to
do these things if he doesn't want to. He
can emigrate to the FIJI Islands or to fair
but final Greenwood.
The next and last act shows W. Strenu
ous In the center of the stage with a cof
fee sack full of top-heavy greenbacks and
a heart full of love— and suspicion— for his
fellow man. Ha is about to realize . tha
dreams of his youth. Happy man to have
something he can realize onl Imagine his
surprise wTien he discovers on his first
appearance in the title role of tbe mag- ,
nificent spectacular drama of "Every/
Man His Own Santa Claus, or Employ
ers Made Easy," that tha house is packed
to the doors with critic* and grafters,
each one armed with an ax and a basket.
Before he'd dodged half tha axes or
dropped so much as a ham sandwich in
a quarter of the baskets he was begin
ning to scrape the bottom of his bag and
wishing that he hadn't coma or had sent
Mark Hanna or Mr. Perkins to take hi*
place at the performance*
he had been born old, or rich,
or pessimistic, his life would not have
been tha chining 18-karat lesson that It
wax. But W. Strenuous, as we have ob
served, was born young, therefore ba had
room to grow; ha was poor, therefore
he had to ret out ' and stir around or
starve to death; ha was hopeful, there
fore tt would take him a long time to
discover that he bad been licked and was
supposed to ba dead. The conditions of
WBTREICUOUS HUSTLETON
was born a poor but hope
ful young man. That was
• very considerate of him. If
THE FALL OF A
PHILANTHROPIST
love in her heart for her husband, the"
very fact of the relationship they have
borne one another Invests the situation
with a certain element of sentiment that
touches deep Into all that Is best In her
nature. She may have In the bitterness
of wounded pride said a hundred times
Death throws a halo, blinding the eyes
to the faults and fallings of tbe dead, and
It is well that it Is so, as there is some
thing noble In human nature that revolts
against criticism, whether Just or unjust,
of the dead whose sealed lips cannot re
eent the insult, nor brand the lie, while
public opinion demands that a woman
shall pay the full tribute of respect to the
memory of the man whos« name she
bears, and no matter what his faults may
have been, the grave must bury them
with him forever. ,
The average woman who has any sense
of the fitness of things Is naturally
chocked at the first realization that death
has struck so near. Even if she has no
We have all seen women living through
wretched matrimonial experiences, tied to
husbands who mortified and humiliated
them en all occasions. Who drank and
Ignored the commonest decencies of life.
and who were continually threatening di
vorce proceedings; yet, who when death
came in its dismal rappings granting the
decree they appeared to the world draped
from crown to sole in darkest woe, and
cent up such lamentations and decanted
so continuously on the virtues of the dear
departed that those who heard, and had
also heardythe previous vaporings, were
almost tempted to smile at the tricks of
memory-
So you can never gauge a widow's grief
by the length of her crape veil.
And there Is more fiction than fact In
much cf the semblance of misery that
hover? about her.
Let me apologize to the widows before
hand, begging that they will not take of
fense, nothing personal being intended, as
•vi ry widow is a class and a type of her
ee'.f. No two are alike. No two have had
identical matrimonial experiences. Only
a small percentage would marry the "poor
dear" over again, unless the original copy
»ere revised, re-edited, improved, correct
ed, rejuvenated and renovated, and yet — .
And a widow looks so pathetic and In
teresting in her weeds that few of them
vould have the dear departed returned
C. O. D. if they could.
Of course the widow is Indignant who
may chance to read this, but let others
take a real common sense view of It, and
thir.k the matter over calmly.
THKhce. are maowa and widows, ana
something whlspert to me, "Colonel,
you might aspire to be Mayor of
Hoboken If you have the nerve to
classify them."
ated, and then develops the type of widow,
Th* dashing type has plenty of money,
dresses elegantly, and as soon as formal
ities allow begins to entertain. If she
was attractive as a girl she Is doubly 90
In her robes of black. She Is always well
groomed, and soon has a string of idlers,
otherwise known as "men of leisure,"
' dangling in her train, and if she is worth
the price her wooers-are ardent and un
flagging In devotion. She has ' a large
dash of the real sport and fairly sighs
for a man's devotion while catering to bis
habit*. Y-\ ->
She cultivates his taste* and makes her
self generally companionable. Then she
acquires the chafing dish habit. 'Knowing
that tha way to a man's heart is down
the throat, and there are precious few
men who can resist the combined allure
ments of tha widow and the chafing dish.
In fact, there Is something uncanny In
Her heart Is ««t on an advantageous
marriage, and the ellgibles of the coterie
are sought out and marked as recipients)
of her own blandishments. She keeps a
tight rein on the fancies of her brood and
the youth who has the teme-ity to brave
her wrath must be fashioned ! the stern
est kind of stuff. She plays a »mall ama
teur detective part by ferreting out the
Bradstreet rating of the youth who dare*
to aspire to her daughter's hand, and th«
girl herself Is nourished on a steady diet
of wordly wisdom until she Is fairly ready
to choke.
If she rebels as girls have a way of re
belling, maternal wrath falls with a dull,
cold thud that is paralyzing.
The widow who* is more attractive than
her daughters, and there are many such,
keeps society guessing, and It not infre
quently happens that the young maa
whom It was natural to suppose enam
ored of the daughter is found to be mad
ly Infatuated with the mother. Th«
mother of the day. either as wife or wid
ow, does not play tha bass violin to her
daughter's charms.
And then falls Into Una tha pathetio
little widow who is so young, so lonely
and so fascinating.
She is dainty from the ground up. and
her soulful eyes play havoc on the mas
culine adjustment. One glance from such,
orbs has been known to causa fatal heart
•failure. - : :
She cultivates a sweet pathetio little
voice and manner of referring to "poop
Jones," that makes a fellow feel Ilk*
taking her in his arms and petting her a*
he would a helpless child.
She plays on the memory of poor Jones
until «he entangles tha poor. fellow's heart
Strings In all sorts of love-knots.
Now, poor Jones may have been th*
loveliest kind of fellow or ha may not
have been all that he should have been.
But no matter what sort of chap he hap
pened to be, she Invests his memory with
a glory of romance that magnetize* her
present adorer.
She laments her loneliness In such a
sweet, pathetic, child-like way. that th*
man who listens envies the dead chap la
his coffin for having won so much love.
And she prates on until he feels that
angel husbands must be quite a aatlsfac
tqry brand and almost wishes that he.
too, were in cold storage if his widow
would give him such a beautiful send off.
Oh, the young and tender widow, with
her pathetic. chlld-Uke ways and pleading
eyes, could demoralize anything In tha
masculine line from a major general or
a rear admiral In all his gorgeous deco
rations, down to the cop on the corner or
the messenger boy in brass buttons.
And if she bemoans her loneliness *h*
can marry anything unappropriated la
the male line within eight.
Young girls speculate tearfully an th*
widow's charm and spend sleepless night*
guessing its source. The answer, la a
nut-shell, lies in two words— worldly wis
dom.
The widow has had experience, and this
experience has taught her "a. thing or
two," as men say. - ¦-. :
In the first place she Is older and has
more tact-x The bnisquerie of the school
girl or the debutante has toned down,
and In Its place Is the suavity that at
tracts by Its cajolery or flattery.
A young girl cares, little whether eha
pleases or not; she is more Belflsh. Sha
wants a man to cater to her whims; tha
widow caters to the man's whims. Tha
young girl is exacting; the widow Is com
plaisant. The young girl Is abrupt and
says what she thinks; the widow Is tact
ful and alms to please. The young girl
is easily shocked; the widow can't ba
¦hocked— that is, a large and elegant ma
jority of them. In fact, the young girl
Is crude, tha widow the rectified spirit.
And yet. despite all we might say, wa
know nothing more of tha widow than
when we started out.
Each and every one of her Is a unique
figure that carries about her aa atmos
phere of her own.
Women never will understand her. and
the man who thinks ha does — well, ha
often wakes up with an awful shock.
kindred tender epithets, that are often
more ridiculous than affectionate, and
which somehow do not impose on peopla
as successfully as she would wish.
that she wished he were dead.. but when
the dreary summons finally come* ah*
remember* only the good and the day*
they went a-woolng In the gloaming.
And this Is where death ia merciful to
the living, tender to the dead. . .^ ( .. < .
Then. comes the period of reaction from
the shock. At first she may be either
sorrowful, remorseful, or relieved; at any
rate, the death and attending scenes have
had a more or less depressing and ennob
ling effect.
If tbe woman has really loved her hus
band she Is heartbroken and thinks she
cannot live without him, and the period
of loneliness that follows has a wonder
fully subduing influence. If she has not
loved him she is. In a measure, dazed by
the shock that brings relief. In any event,
the awful visitation has a numbing sense
through which the woman's character un
dergoes a radical change.
The widow is essentially different from
the maid or wife, both in personality and
In characteristics.
Then follows the sense of freedom and
Independence when It slowly dawns upon
her that she Is freel If she be a mother,
the realization tends to strengthen the
character. If she is alone, its effects are
too many and too varied to be enumer-
the chafing filsh when tt becomes the ad
jutant of bis royal majesty Cupid.
Then the widow who has social aspira
tions. • V Z-- "-
She la of the ice machine type— cold and
stately— and cultivates a bored expres
sion that would do Justice to a trip-ham
mer auger.
She wants to figure as l'rrand* dam*,
and ts eo stately and cold that your fln
g-ers feel frostbitten whenever yon shak*
hands with her. She Is a stickler for good
form, and wears an habitual papier ctacha
smile and adopts a wax lady pose. •'¦
She fairly aches to get Into society, and
feels deeply Injured that society don't
ache to have her. She Is of the sensitive,
morbid type, that makes you feel that
"poor Jones" made a lucky escap« when
he sot hla transfer to any other old place.
Then the managing mother -widows,
whose stock In trade has precious little
financial capital, but who has one or more
pretty daughters whom «he hopes to
launch successfully on the turbulent sea
of matrimony.
Tbe manajjlngr mother Is always in evi
dence, and In public ts always careful t©
make a display of the affection betweea
her "dear child" and herself. .She man*
ages to call the "dear" "my love" and
THE SUNDAY CAIjIi."
FABLES FOR
THE FOOLISH
11
WIDOWS
A P'yPTR.TT^ k hi if i^Tff,
DR. CHARLES FLESH FOOD
Fop the Form and Complexion.
Haa beta raeoat**
/mij3p* la * actrassts, star*
PS* */• vW^ fashion for mor*
P^J «V I* than 23 year*.
aS *(?*/ Wh«r»r« appll«4
jj -J tt U Instantly ab*
W ** sorb«4 throocb. the
S? C ports of th* skia.
>^ V aad It* wonderful nu-
'm -»ti- ' _ trltloa fe*da tha]
m - : r^» wasting tissues.
f*T/?rt*! \ Removing Pimples
V*7it3' < v- - a Y Aa if by raaslo. one
Oj(*** If) application «fta*
I U t/fN-«/VJ 'bowing a i«marka-
¦^ w l«i* IJ bin improvement,
DR. CHARLES FLESH FOOD ia positively
the only preparation known to medical acteao*
that will round out hollows hi the neck an4
produce firm, healthy flesa oa thla cheeka*
arms and hands.
- 7OB XMSTE&OTXZrO T3XS BtTST
Or breasts shrunken from mirsinj tt has th«
highest Indorsement of physicians. Two boxee
are often sufficient i ta isaka tha bust On.
Large and beautiful.
BOLD BT THE EMPORIUM AND OTHEa
DEPARTMENT STORES AND DRUGGISTS?
Regular price. $1.00 a box. but to all wha
take advantage of this SPECIAL OFFER an*
send us one dollar we will send two CD boxes.
In plain wrapper. 1
Fn X3 xz — A iimuli ¦ box and ear book.
K. U L»» a rt OJ* MASSAGE." faHyuI
lustrated. wm be sent free to any lady Mndlng
10 cents to pay for cost of malllnc. Addreaa
Da. CHABLXd CO, 13 Pus P1m«. B«v Tack.
Literary Furor?
WellRather!
E. W. TO WNSEND
tHe Famous
Author 0/
Cnimsnie Fadden
Will Make His
Debut as a
Writer in
Uf)Q Sunday Call
September 2O.of the pearl fever In about every State
of th* Union. The first largo pearl «ver
found In this country was picked up at
Notch Brock, near Paterson, N. J., In
1857. It weighed ninety-three grains, and
was sold by Tiffany & Co. to the Em
press Kusenie.
The one pearl, however, was practically
th« limit to the New Jersey fields, though
some ¦mailer ones were afterward found
In that State. Then occurred at broken
Intervals, from I860 till 1S37. excitement
due to the discovery of the gem in Ohio.
Tennessee. Wisconsin. Arkansas, along
the Mississippi Valley and even up Into
New England and New Tork State. None
of theso so-called discoveries even pan
ned out and after a brief local excite
ment the bubble invariably burst. In the
Mississippi section, however, there was
always a well grounded feeling that pearls
were plentiful there.
Until the Black River gems began to be
put Into circulation the American variety
had never borne much of a reputation
and the popular prejudice against them
has not yet been entirely dissipated. As
the Arkansas items found their way to
Paris, however It was seen that they
compared favorably with the famed Ori
ental variety. Indeed, In soma few case*
they excelled. And since then the Euro
pean dealer has been quick to take ad
vantage of the low price.
He will purchase the domestio product
at a. ridiculously low figure aad send them
to India, where they are drilled and re
turned again to Paris and stamped as
Oriental pearls. Being thus classified. It
was easy to pass them on Americans trav
eling abroad at exorbitant price*. 2Dv«a
The boiling out process requires only a
short time and is for the purpose of open
ing the clams so that the pearls may be
found. When they are thoroughly cooked
the shells spring open and expose the
clam. The pearl Is found in the muscle of
the clam or between it and the shell. Of
ten times it is attached to the shell, but
very frequently it is not, and great care
is required to see that it is not lost in the
process of boiling and assorting. The
water In which they are boiled is carefully
strained, and ail the meaty parts of the
clam are pinched to see that a pearl is
not missed.
Although extremely commonplace In de
tail, the opening of a shell is attended
with great emotions. Any one of the pile
of clams before the pearler may contain
a fortune for him. As he reaches for
one after- another of the bivalves hope
bobs again into his heart, and as his hard,
horny hand closes over the shell prepara
tory to opening It he feels a little thrill
and his blood goes a little faster through
his veins.
Pearling as an Industry In the United
States is of comparative recent origin,
dating back to about 1897. Previous to
that time there. had been local outbreaks
In order to facilitate the handling of
the crowfoot the fishermen fasten two up
right forks on each side of the boat, on
which the dredge rod rests, the hooks
swinging freely. While the clams are
being taken from the hooks, the other is
being dragged and is ready to be hauled
in by the time the first is stripped.
Often when the clams are abundant
every hook will have one on it, and two
or three and sometimes four are fre
quently caught on one prong. When the
beds are compact one man can take 800
to 1000 pounds of mussels in a day, and a
case is reported where 2200 pounds were
obtained by one man in ten hours. The
average daily catch, however, is about GOO
pounds.
When a boatload of clams has been ob
tained or when night comes the fisherman
rows ashore and dumps his catch into bins
built on the bank of the stream. After
he has obtained a sufficient number of
shells, or when the weather Is stormy and
disagreeable on the river, he boils them
but. This Is done by shoveling them into
a large metal boiler and building a fire
beneath.
atus overboard and allows the boat to
slowly drift down stream. Aa the numer
ous prongs come in contact with the open
shells, the latter quickly close on them
and retain a tight hold. After drifting a
short distance the dredge Is drawn In by
rr.eu.ns of a rope attached and the clams
removed from the. prongs, great force
sometimes being required to dislodge
them.
Domestic dealers in New Tork hare
seen American pearls placed on display
for eala in some of the big Jewelry stores
while the owners of the stores themselves
thought they were the genuine Oriental.
The dealer would know for a- fact, be
cause he would recogniza some of the
very pearls he bad sold to a Parts mer
chant months before. .'
Arkansas pearls are as a general thing
much larger than the Oriental specimen,
and while they will not run as well as a
lot or "paper," some few gems are supe
rior in color, luster and size. Mississippi
pearls are poorer in quality and size than
the Southern or Arkansas gems, and are
not found as plentifully.
Meanwhile some few rich discoveries
are being made in the Cumberland River,
in the Kentucky and in the Ohio, which
hitherto have been very backward In this
respect. Undoubtedly the rivers of tho
Mississippi Valley will continue to pro
duce pearls for centuries to come, but
they will turn out such poor specimens
and they will be so few that fishing for
them can hardly be called an Industry.
And unless something In the way of leg
islation is done very soon the present In
dustry will turn out to be a bubble simi
lar to all of those that have gone before.
Mew Tork Importers have been larr* boy
era of these pearls, believing them to be)
Oriental.
The other pearl center In the United
Elates is at Newport. Ark. This city,
which has been lifted from obscurity by
the Industry, is situated in the very heart
Maurice Brower, one of the largest buy
ers in the local markets, declared that
the total production for 1901, which was
the best year in the record of the indus
try, was more than $1,500,000. Because of
the falling off of the clam supply be said
not more than $500,000 or $600,000 worth
were found in 1902. and. according to pres
ent indications, 1303 would not produce
much more than half that amount.
Fishermen and local buyers report the
buying and selling of pearls in the local
market, but as a pearl that sells on the
epot for $1003 or $2000 will bring when
brought to New Tork and "touched up"
from $8000 to $12,000 nothing like a correct
estimate can be made.
Primarily, this territory is divided into
two sections; each section has its market
center and around It are clustered the
richest pearl fields. The northern center
is at Prairie du Chien, Wis. This center
is for Mississippi pearls and is the seat
of the richest territory around. All pearls
along the Mississippi River from La
Crosse to Muscatine, Iowa, are brought
here for appraisal and market.
Buyers from New Tork and Chicago
hang about Prairie du Chien and the
vicinity and pick up valuable pearls from
local fishermen for a song. Afterward in
the market* of Paris and London these
bring immense prices. Because of this
free-handed method of buying and selling
there Is no way of getting at the exact
valuation of the output. The Government
has made some attempt to do bo, but
without much success.
Fresh water pearls come in clams.
Thry are formed by a nacreous substance
poured on a grain of sand that gets into
the shell. The clams are of all sizes and
description, but they are usually about
as large as a man's palm. The shell is
thick and black and rough. They are
found on all varieties of river bottoms
from deep, thick mud to hard, white eand
and gravel, and In all depths of water.
The extent of the pearl country is large;
It takes in the Mississippi River from La
Crosse. Wis., to New Orleans and reaches
out Into the by-streams and tributaries of
the big river for hundreds of miles.
¦ource from which came all this wealth,
has been entirely disregarded. The
economic -sense Is lacking. Pearling has
been carried on without method or rea
eon; there Is no law to regulate it. Any
one at any time may fish as many clams
from the water as he likes without regard
to the sire, the apparatus he uses or the
spawning season. Congress has tried to
Interfere and the legislatures of States
have been busy with measures regulating
the industry, but without avail.
of the richest pearl fields of the New
World. More than three-fourths of the
entire output to-day is found within a
radius of thirty miles of there. It Is the
market for pearls found in the White
River, which is producing practically all
of the best found south of Prairie du
Chlen. The products of the fisheries have
built its banks, laid out Its streets and
made wealthy its Inhabitants. AH the
products of the Black River, the richest
pearl river at one time in the United
States, have parsed through it.
Pearling is strongly individualized. The
method is crude and has chanced little
for centuries. It Is usually carried on by
two men In a skiff, with the aid of tongs
or shoulder rakes. The tongs are about
seven or eight feet long and are ope
rated like oyster tongs. The fisherman
gropes along the bottom of the stream
with them, pulling up wnatever gets Into
them. The rake Is operated in much the
same way. The instrument is eomethlng
like an ordinary garden rake, only larger
and has a longer handle.
A wire screen from the top of the rake
prongs is attached to the handle, forming
a sort of scoop. The rake is dragged
along the ground, catching clams and
other things. When it is full it is pulled
to the surface and its contents dumped
into th* skiff. Both of the methods are
extremely laborious ana can only be em
ployed wh«re the water is shallow and
where the clams are found In thick beds.
A much easier way to gather the clams,
and cm that is in more favor with the
Mississippi fishermen than with the Ar
kansas pearl hunter, is to fish for them
with "crowfoot" hooks. These hooks are
made with stout wire, small chains and
a hollow tube rod. The wire Is bent Into
eight hooks and attached to the small
chains In such a way that the prongs of
the hooks are at right angles to each
other.
The chains are then fastened to the rod,
which is either seven or eight feet long,
at regular distances apart. The number
of hooks to be attached depends upon
the length of the rod. A seven-foot rod,
with four hooks on each chain, the chains
being six inches apart, would have fifty
six hooks. One fisherman in a : boat can '
operate two of these.
The apparatus depends for its action
on the habits of the clams, or "mussels,"
as they are called. They rest on the bot
tom of the stream partly buried in the
mud or sand, with the free margin of
their shells turned upstream, and with
their shells separated to admit the wa
ter. When touched they quickly close
their shell, and if a foreign body is inter
posed between the valves it Is tightly
grasped and retained.
After rowing out Into the stream the
fisherman throws his "crowfoot" appax-
+jl 5f ORE than J2.000.000 worth of
/\ /[ pearls have been taken from
I V the Black River. In Arkansas.
>* I and the Inhabitants there
•* abouts have been made wealthy;
but the river now Is as clean of wealth
«s a whistle: pearling there Is done.
Barely a clam rest* on the sandbars that
Ftretch across the bottom of the stream
like the rungs of a plant ladder.
What la true of the Black River Is
rapidly becoming true cf all the pearl
bearing rivers In the Mississippi Valley.
The pearling industry there Is dying, and
a business worth millions annually to the
people of that section and a livelihood to
» certain class of dealers In New York
la declining. When It Is entirely dead Its
obituary should be written by a drama.
. tist, for no other person could do Justice
to the feverish excitement of its begin
ning, the humor and romance of Its exist
ence and the pathos of Its ending.
In a country where Jlfi a month for a
laborer is excellent pay thousands have
become Independent and wealthy. Mort
gages have been lifted, property has been
developed, towns have been built up and
whole communities and counties Jumped
19 a place of pre-eminence hi the social,
political and commercial life of the State
fend section. This is particularly true of
Arkansas. Wisconsin and Iowa.
The preservation of tha clam, toe
THE SUNDAY CALL.
12
A necklace composed of more large pearls than
any pearl necklace ever Been In the United
States will leave New York this week for Parts.
There It will be sold .for $100,000. From the
French capital It will probably be sent to India and drilled. Then It will .
be brought - back to the United States with an additional $100,000 tacked .on
to the price and sold to a wealthy A.nerlcan. That is the way they do'
things In Europe, and It Is a commercial feature the value of which has not ;
yet been learned by the otherwise shrewd" American. ,..-.
It has lone been a popular conception, fostered by Jewelers, that the*
Oriental pearl Is the only kind worth having. They are deceived. Pearls "j
are daily coming Into the United States from Paris and London that were
found In the Black and White rivers of Arkansas and in the Mississippi.
They go to Paris, which is the European market for pearls, and are sent
from Paris to India. They are drihed In that faraway country, not be
cause the drilling la any better, there or done more cheaply, indeed In many
cases it Is not so cheap, but because India is a good place from which to
have them billed back to London and the United States. It Is a fact,*
which is dally becoming: of more interest to pearl Importers and domestic
pearl dealers, that the" largest pearls are found In the United States. The
necklace in question, although con. a nlng forty-one pearls, weighs 1935
trains, or an average of 47.2 grains par pearl. All the pearls in the string
have been matchtd as to size,
color and luster, and it required
more than four years' time on
the part of a pearl expert to
make the collection and assort
them. Three of the pearls In
the necklace were purchased for
$10,000 each. Nothing like it has
ever been seen by the New
York pearl dealers.
A $100000 NBCKLM OT AMERICAN PEABLS
THE BLACK RIVER OF ARKANSAS BEING SWEPT OF PEARL BEARING CLAME
$2000000 WORTH ALREADY TAKEN OUT.
U/ye Call
September 2O.
Literary Furor?
Well Rather!
E. W. TOWNSEND
the Famous
Author of
Chimmie Fadden
Will Make His
Debut as a
Writer in \Never once, during; the months that It
.took to make the prledleu, did the Queen
tire of suggesting or of watching the
most minute details and when the finished
gem was at length delivered Into her
hands, she, as well as Minnie Daeusaert,
had occasion to feel amply repaid for all
their trouble, for to-day It is acknowl
edged the premier of all laces.
which It la so eymboiia.
There are but few persons wno nave net
heard of the supposed prophetlo mottoes,
applied In the eighteenth century by a
mysterious man once known as the pseu
do MalachI to the future Popes.. The mot
to which fell on three Popes was Ignis
ardens or a "burning fire" and this new
succedfeor of Leo, Pius X, Is the last one
on whom this flame falls. ,
Certainly Leo was known for his zeal
!n all religious work and the Ingenious
declare that this Is the reason he was
chosen to be the head of the Roman See
for so many years. At the time of his
election he was not expected to reign
more than five years— ten at the utmost—
but the man who was to be the head of
the church at that time must possess the
character of a teacher and be an absolute
master of a true and beautiful doctrine.
So the "burning flame" with Its darting
fires forms one of the many emblems and
Is placed next the last, or the presenta
tion of the holy sacrament— singularly
apropos when, one thinks of the lone life
consecrated to the church and its priest
hood. Around about and everywhere,
blooming, budding and filling every avail
able niche, la the great, beautiful passion
flower, in itself denoting and forever re
calling the dying passion of Christ, for
A little frame of four scallops sets this
center off and In a way keeps it distinct
and the main object, yet each scallop
serves its own purpose. One reads "Le
cnl 13." another "Philosophae" or philos
opher, etlll another "Christlanae" or
Christian, and the fourth and last "Res
tauratore" or restorer.
The foundation is so soft and filmy that
It looks like a mass of fragile, clinging
cobwebs ready to float away on the faint
est breeze, and one Instinctively wonders
how the letters can be so distinct and yet
be held up by the frail, delicate nothing.
• Tho papal crest overshadows all, the
two angels and the two Immense keys
looking as though they were the guard
ians of the Kingdom of Heaven and could
tell at a glance ¦who ceserved the glories
that are to come and who richly merited
the fire and brimstone.
Next In rotation Is the Pope's family
crest, and strange as It may seem. It Is
composed of any number of twinkling
stars, which would appear a most appro
priate token of his pious life.
Opposite the word phllosophae Is the
figure emblematic cf adoration— an an
gel with great shining wings t)ent bum
bly on her knees playing a harp and
pouring forth her praises to the Adored
One.
Infinite ¦wisdom and peace are repre
sented by a sheaf of wheat and some
quills bound locsely together and a wide
rpread booli Is ever ready to give learn
ing and love to the world for the mere
•asking.
Imagination Is needed to see His angulsn
and sorrow.
dtneev ¦,'¦
In some of the little boxes that pass for
shops, two or three pious Moslems will
discuss religious matters while they wait
for customers. Som« will even be found
reading **A1 Koran." From daycreak un
til nightfall they are at their post, pa
tient, uncomplaining.
There are special days when a file of
tired camels comes in from the country
bearing from the Interior native produce
that may find Its way to London. Paris
or Berlin, and then trus believer and In
fidel alike must squeeze Into the corners
and make way for the overloaded, super
cilious beasts that would be very quick
to resent any Ill-treatment, and seem to
have nothing but contempt Zjt man, the
master.
At ether times a small company of
women will come down one of the streets
of the bazaar, very closely veiled, and
preceded by a servant. Some high ofndal
Is sending a few of his wives to the Turk
ish bath, and It Is well not to stare too
curiously at them If you desire to remain
popular.
Their shops are very tiny— the stores
nearly fill them: the dealer sits amid his
wares cross-legged In Eastern fashion
grave. Impassive, full of the r.uman dig
nity that seems to have passed from most
Inhabitants of ths Western world; see-
Ing everybody. Importuning nobody. Why
should he. when he says, and believes,
that custom Is from, Allah? It Is no part
of his business to force the hand of Provl-
The) palace of the Shah of Persia Is al
most farcical la Its dln*r apUndor. Here
!* the fabulous wealth of thm Orient sur
rounded by decay and dirt Mr. Donald
Btuart In his book, "The Btrurtle for
Persia," describes the strange oontradio
tlons of luxury aad squalor.
The throne 1* a sort of wooden bed nine
feet by six, the woodwork covered with
diamonds, emeralds rubles aad sapphires,
some as Inch Ions;; the whole value of the
throne must be five million dollars. It Is
rumored that some of the precious stones
have been removed and glass substituted,
but Mr. Btuart found all the stonas that
he had time to examine gtnulne and beau
tiful.
On tho floor of ths throne Is a carpet
so thick with pearls that the texture of
the cloth Is Invisible.
On the walls a painting by an ancient
master Is framed next the advertisement
card of a Birmingham dealer In fish
hooks. A vase let with tunjuoise and
pearls shoulders a cheap mug such as Is
sold at a country fair. Clocks In the shape
of oagodas, that every hour pour forth a
stream of pearls from, fountains, stand
next to a clock by a London maker that
tells the time of every capital In the
world.
Great gaps In the wall* mark the
places where thieves have done their
work; evidently with no opposition what
ever, for It Is no uncommon thing to find
In the public bazaars articles from tho
palace offered for sale.
In one room the visitor saw a Utter of
packing cases half emptied of the glm
cracks and ornaments the Shah bad
bought In Europe, monuments to the way
he had been fleeced by tradesmen of more
highly civilized nations.
One of the most Interesting rooms was
that filled with the portraits of all ths
monarcha of Europe. In the next room
was his Majesty's writing apparatus. Here
stood a globe such as may be seen In a
schoolroom, except that the continents
were made with gems of different color
and all the names and rivers were marked
In diamonds.
In the cities of the Orient, every trade
has Its quarter. Tou pass through, long
streets, given up in turn to the armor
ers, the carpet sellers, ths workers In pre
cious metals, the potters, the brass
workers, the mercers, the sellers of sweet
meats, the saddlers, the provision dealers,
the dealers In antiquities, the leather
sellers and other tradesmen too numerous
to mention.
WONDERFUL
PEACOCK THRONE
IN A PALACE
OF
FARCICAL SPLENDOR
The very center represents the Pope
himself kneeling at prayer. The crucifix
¦with its eternal martyrdom and the Bible
vwith its everlasting promises are before
him, while directly over his head the Holy
Ghost Is In the act of descending upon
his highness. So delicate is the work
that the smallest detail of the Savior
nailed to the cross Is plainly visible, and
when looked at through a glass but little
The Pope's pri^dleu. which, by the
way. Is only another name for his prayer
etool, is made of Point d'Angleterre and
is by far the finest piece In existence.
Apart from th<» superiority of the work
and material It Is symbolic of his life and
was in consequence much more difficult to
make, to match and to fit.
After finally settlSr.gr upon the design
Minnls Daeusaert's first duty was to se
lect from the host of makers those whose
labor would be uniform in size and fine
ness, and then she set them about their
arduous ta^k.
ever seen
Do you, miladl. or you, milord, fully
realize what real lace means? Doubtless
you realize that there Is something ex
¦ qclritriy fire about It and you certainly
know that It cost* a small fortune, but
when you stop to cons/Cer that there are
frequently as many as a dozen people
working on a single pattern at one and
. the same time, that each and every de
sign Is schemed and carefully thought
out by an expert v.'ho does nothing else.
* the great sronder Is that we have a third
ts much as we do.
IT A1IOUJJTS t» something -when
Ern azd Queer.? take the trouble
to design and present gifts, and from
the way the late Pope, his. highness
X*e» XIII. prized his prledieu. he
errideaCy thought so, too.
VTtta L«o celebrated his fiftieth annl-
Yersaxy Into the Roman Cathollo prlest
hood, the whole of Rome ros« and re
joiced oxer his mighty triumph and the
noblest of all lands vied with one another
tn proa as tiny him priceless treasures.
As each expression cf reverence and
lore wu carried to hi™ he displayed the
taost Intense Interest, Tor his kindly na
ture appreciated the spirit In which they
seat and every gift told him plaintr
thaa any words possibly could of the
great love and universal admiration that
fc« had woa for himself by bis gentle,
fctadly lire.
r^ach remembrance touched and p!ca?<d
.trfrn. but vtta the exquisite prledleu, the
offertnr of the Kirs and Queen of Bel
ftaa. vu given him, he carried It to his
prayer etool and with gentle touches ar.d
evdnMng glances laid It In Its rightful
cbl&Jnr place.
I*e« has long been her Majesty's hobby
*ad when she was puzzling her mind
orer a suitable grift It kept running back
to that billowy channel.
One bright, eunny morning she donned
a plain garb and was driven rapidly to
Haeltert, a distance of some fifteen
znlles out of Brussels. Once there she
walked Into the great lace manufactory
and asked for one Minnie Daeusaort.
whom she knew to be the finest lace ex
pert la all Europe. And. by the way,
such a reputation means not a little, for
Europe stands first and foremost when It
comes to laces these days.
The two women worked and planned.
the head of a nation's Queen and the
bead of the ration's expert lace maker
bent closely together, and both entirely
engrossed In the designing of the rarest
bit of eyrnbo!ic lace that the world has
THE SUNDAY OAIiTi.
13
ONE OF THE MOST VALUABLE BITS OF
RACE IN THE WORLD
September 2O.
«5fee Sunday Call
Will Make His
Debut as a
Writer in
the Famous
Author of
Chixninie Fadden
E. W. TOWNSEND
Literary Furor?
Well Rather!THE SUNDAY CALiIi.
14
SEA MONSTER THAT LIFTS
FORTY FIVE TONS
Anchored to the mouth of Oakland CTeefc, where it Is bus
ily engaged In lifting the bottom of the bay and deposltlur
It across the breakwater, that the channel may be deepened,
the largest d.edger in the world may be seen. It is the prop
erty of the American Dredging Company, composed entirely
of men of this State and is called the Uncle Sam. It was
entirely constructed here, the capital for It furnished by
local men, and It Is engaged in making Imperative Improve
ments In the bay under a contract with the United States.
This dredger exceeds in size and capacity anything of its
kind, not even excepting the Immense machines which were
constructed for digging out the Panama canal. It is a com
bined "clam shell" and hydraulic dredger and the only one
of its kind ever built. It was constructed especially for har
bor improvements and for reclamation work upon the tidal
and overflowed lands along the banks of the Sacramento
and San Joaquln rivers and their tributaries. The building
of It was directly instigated by the determination of the
"War Department to let large contracts for dredging the har
bor. For this work it Is admirably equipped and its energies
will be engaged for the next two years by the Government
on contracts for harbor improvements already let. '
Looking at the sturdy craft as it rides on the smooth
waters of Oakland Creek it seems hard to realize that within
Its compact limits are crowded the most powerful engines
on the Pacific Coast and that $176,000 worth of machinery and
timber are contained in the narrow space. The lumber alone
In the hull would make a email forest, there being almost
1,000.000 cubic feet used.
The main engines operating the bucket when the dredger
Is worked as a "clam ,,sheir"_ machine are the most powerful
ever used for this purpose. They are of the upright marine
type, are quadruple triple expansion and are capable of de
veloping 1250 horsepower, running 200 revolutions a minute
under 200 pounds of steam pressure. In constructing the
foundations for these engines 35,000 feet of lumber was used.
The "A" 'frame which supports the boom is the most
massive ever built on any dredger and weighs more than
fifty tons. It Is more than sixty-two feet high from the deck
and is made of six 24x24 timbers for side legs and two 18x24
timbers for back legs. At the top there is a solid cast iron
cap weighing about 18,000 pounds. Prom £hls the topping lift
Is run to the end ot the boom, and supports the weight of the
boom and bucket or ladder as the requirements may be.
When working the dredger as a "clam shell" machine
a boom 160 feet long asd 28x2S Inches square la supported by
the "A" frame. At the end of the boom are two large steel
sheaves six. feet In diameter In frames weighing; three tons,
over which are run the cables operating the "clam shell"
bucket. These cables are 1% Inches In diameter and ha.v»
a combined tensile strength of 300 tons. The bucket us*.
is made of steel and opens and closes like a pair of shears.
The shells are shaped like rinds on a quarter of -an orange
when opened and when closed they form a half sphere. This
backet weighs empty £2,000 pounds and will lift in good stiff
material twenty cublo yards, wwighlns; thirty toj*»
. ¦ ¦¦¦'¦¦¦'¦ . ¦ -
This enormous lead, together with the bucket, - weighing
In all more than forty-five tons, Is raised" from the bottom ot
the bay, swung a distance of 250 feet, emptied and the bucket
returned to its starting point In less than one minute. It
Is remarkable with what ease the operator can handle this
great crane. He is put to no more exertion than would be
required to lift his cap.
In the hull at each side, near the legs of the "A" frame,
and In the center of the hull aft and to one side are located
four "spud casings," each forty-two inches square and thir
teen feet long, weighing twelve tons each. In these casings
are placed the "spuds," which are not the potatoes used in
the galley, as some may suppose, but timbers eighty feet
Jong and thirty-8lx Inches square, which pierce the hull ani
rest on the bottom of the bay. These are used to anchoi
the dredger in any position desired without the use of cable:
or lines to the shore, and are raised and lowered by cables
By the manipulation of these the heavy hull may be swung
around to any position by merely touching the necessarj
levers.
At present the dredger Is being operated as a hydraulic
machine, which means that the bottom of the bay is ground
up by an immense steel shaft on the end of which Is a cutter
and then pumped through long lines of large pipe, the debris
being deposited In some cases 7000 feet away. As an example
of the power used in raising this Immense stream of semi
eolld material the writer was shown a piece of iron weighing
150 pounds that had been pumped through this huge pipe
without the slightest difficulty and dumped where the other
debris is deposited.
Located in the .hull on the kelsons ar© the boilers, pumps,
ell tanks, water tanks, condensers, evaporators, main engine
and blacksmith shop. On the main deck is the kitchen and
dining-room to accommodate sixty men; storeroom, electric
department, swinging engines, drums and frictions, machine
shop, air compressor, and cutter engines on the forward deck.
On the hurricane deck are located the water tanks for the
galley and the staterooms for the crew. There are accom
modations for sixty men all told, which is tho numerical
¦trength of the crew.
Above the staterooms is the pilot house, forty feet above
the main deck, In which are located all the levers, gauges,
etc., and from which point the plant is operated. Prom this
elevation a dear view Is obtainable of all the surroundings
and of -the pipe line running ashore. 'At night the whole
plant Is Illuminated by electricity* and the pipe line works on
uninterruptedly from dusk till daylight.THH SUNDAY- CAM*.
THE WONDERFUL KINGDOM OF
WONDERFUL THINGS
p==«SMtraB^f«r O V7 gather close, my sweets, and list and I'll take up
l2*l"^O? °* the Wonderful Kingdom in the sea that strives in
g XjlT-g^ richest glory.
* v * * ** When Z left off there were but two in all this wondrous
sphere""
Peter Pumpkin, reigning Prince, and Crookneck Squash, so queer.
These funny fellows trudged along in gladsome, happy mood—
A diadem on Peter's brow and Squash a Princeling good.
"2Jow, my royal heir so true," spoke Peter, big and grand,
" Tls for yon to find a shady spot, and such is my command."
Prince Orookneck made a fine salaam and walked beside his King,
Who pranced along In splendor, too proud for anything.
In time they reached a woodland deep, gorgeous in its beauty,
And there the sorereign did command, "Now, mindful of your duty,
You shall explore into the wood and come straight back to me
And report if there is anything that you would have me see."
Pxiaoa Greokneck bowed and scraped away and soon was out of sight,
While Peter Pumpkin, proud and rich, remained there in his might -
Time rolled en, as time will do, and the kingly one did say:
"X, forsooth, do not so* why my Prince so long does stay.'*
When, at last, King Peter felt muoh worried and quite frightened, <
Crookneck dashed from out the wood, his speed of foot much heightened.
The sovereign's eyes did open wide, as likewise did his ear,
For he must know what caused his Prince to show excited fear.
"0 gracious sire," the Prince began, and stopped to get his breath,
"In yonder wood there dwells a thing that 'most scared me to death.
Zt has eyes and nose and feet and toes and a body round and small,
And Its legs are long and slender, which make it look quite talL/
Zt laughed and waved its hands aloft when sight of me It got, (
And X, not knowing what it was, straightway began to trot.'*
Displeasure flashed to Peter's face, and Crookneck quaked with foax^ -
While the monarch, growing red with rage, began to chaff and Jeer,
"So you would be a King/' he spoke, in sharp, sarcastic strain, ¦
"And yet you showed the feather white and let this stranger reigm
By the crown that tops my head," he said, in manner brave,
"Til charge into the woodland wild and bring to t*™* +**« knaveF 1
6oon he found a pointed stick, and waving it on high,
3ETe plunged into the forest deep, flre flashing t> eye.
With thumping heart and trembling Htnfr f>^ Princeling dose ii%
Until, e,t last, the duet reached a jungle is a hollow.
Xiie monsTTih cast his eyes about, and keenly felt despair,
For not a traoe had he yet seen of the stranger in his lair. \
As he turned about to quit the place and seek the treeless r Uf "i
A rustling sound in a near-by bush thrilled his heated brain.
"By the land o'er which I reign," he said, In tones quits mellow,
"I think that I have found at last this strange, elusive UVLowW '
With courage that becomes a King, into the bush he dashed,
And soon, came out with, safe in hand, the stranger t w ,ti > *Ti abashed^ '
"Now, who are you and what are youf" the monarch gravely said; ,?/
"None of your kind have Z e/er seen in the U^d of which Z*m head."
The captive, filled with greatest fear, dropped down upon his knes
An<? pleaded «Jtat \* bo not harmed and forthwith be set free,
"You shall be spared," King Peter spoke, "for I think that you
, should be {
A Princeling in my family and be faithful e'er to me."
"They call me Pippin o'er the hills," the captive did explain,
"And over there, 0 worthy sire, they have no one to reign."
King Peter's eyes grew sparkling bright and he danced about in glee,
For he straightway determined' that he their King should be.
"Now, Pippin true, Prince number two^f or such I* do ordain,*
Henceforth you shall a general be In all my great campaign. . . "
I now command that you shall lead me and my faithful host
To this place of beings strange, where to my power they'll toast."
General Pippin, warrior bold, made a fine salute,
And started through the woodland dark, of glory in pursuit..
At last the King and Princes two came to a sudden stop,
And General Pippin whispered low, "Now, to our knees we'll drop
And crawl along until we reach yon ridge safe and secure,
Whereupon your Majesty can make his conquest sure."
Prom the ridge the monarch proud in wonder gazed an hour
Upon the merrymaking hosts o'er whom he would have power.
" Twere wise, 0 King, to arm ourselves," the general softly said,
"For some may not be overpowered until they're killed quite dead."!
Peter turned to Crookneck, who with fright began to squirm,
And commanded that he get for each a cat-tail strong and firm.
Crookneck scampered to a pond and found the weapons wanted,
And presently the warriors bold charged down the hill undaunted.
By strategy and wisdom great the monarch gained the day,
And not a head was bumped or bruised in the heat of that short fray.
The King, when victory was assured, felt very much enraptured,
And expressed desire to know about the things that he had captured.
Each captive knelt before the King, who stood upon a mound,
And swore allegiance ever strong, with earnestness profound, j
Wh«n all the host had given faith to the kingly one supreme,
King Peter promised guidance good and a father's love serene.
General Pippin called the roll, and each spoke out his name—
Some in voices loud and clear and some in accents tame.
Among the throng was W. Melon, big and loud of lung,
And Onion old, who stood near by his boy, whose name was Young.
Oxheart Beet, of reddest blood, piped out his answer shrill,
And next to speak was Fickle sour, whose given name was Dill.
Then followed chubby Eggplant, of gayest purple hue,
And happy Guernsey Parsnip, a subject food and true.
Bartlett Pear, with, skin of tan, unblemished— without flaw,
Preceded midget Bony, who was known to all as Straw.
There were many more, my pretty pets, that I cannot now recall-.
But every on© a name spoke out and allegiance promised all.
Over hill and verdant plain King Peter led his band, '
TTntQ he reached a beauteous spot, where Le took up his stand.
Next time, my sweets attentive, I shall tell to you the story
Of how Xing Peter added to the kingdom's strength and glory.THE SUNDAY CALL.
¦/¦V00D MOBNINa, CHILDBENt HAVE YOT7 OXJE5SED THES1 PUZZLES YETT
/ / " Great surprise last Sunday, wasn't itP Hardly expected that yon were, roing'to get so many BXQK
UY AND BEAUTIFUL PHIZES, did youP SIXTY OP THEM. Just think of that! Why, that la th*
o^S very best offer yet. Give*- everybody a splendid chance, doesn't UP And then isn't it Jolly hav
ing the funVof two pages In one, instead of being limited to one or the other page as you wera before?
And if you dont think all the boys and girls everywhere do not like it better you should Just see th© mall
man staggering under his heavy mail bags. They are bigger and fatter and heavier than ever before. And
besides all this, ever so many children are writing nice, Interesting, exciting, enthnsiastie letters about
that delightfully funny page of the "WONDESFTJT, KINGDOM OP WONDEBPTJI. THINGS,'* which, you
can see by simply turning over this page. Bead it already P Of coura* you have. Well, there are more, and
OH, -such wonderful adventures to follow next Sunday! Watch for them. But then It la quite unneces
sary to tell you that. ¦ ¦-' ii£v4f*-< "> :-¦ - - -
k^r And now let us turn our attention to this week's puzzle. THOSE SIXTY PHIZES axe Just wait
ing, and. eager to be gobbled up. And they are' perfectly dazzling in their brilliant f^lt and fancy flli^
gree decorations. You'll go into ecstacies over them. :yr— . ~"-v £'¦-..
Each of the ten pictures in this, the second contest ot the FIFTH SEBIES of Name Puzzles, rep
resents the name of a Character in a Fairy Tale. Can you guess them? And that Fairy Biddle— but there it
is In big letters at the top of the picture. Can you solve it P AH! There is rich reward for you ii you
can. Now is your chance. Remember there will be a SPECIAL $5 and ?1O PRIZE for the highest per
centage of the -whole thirteen weeks of the Fifth Series. y
And now listen carefully: THEBE ABE" SIXTY PBIZES, and thi» Is what you must do to wia
'one of them: . " - ••'"'• v * " : '"" ' ..¦-•-... .
'Si' • Firsts-Find -the nam«' of a Fairy Tale. Character represented in each of the Ten Small Puzzle
Pictures on this page, and, wTite it out in full, in the space opposite the proper corresponding number pro-
Tided for the purpose 'in the coupon on this page, as per directions; and P
Second— After solving the Fairy Biddle printed in big letters at the top of the big picture here
with, find all the objects .the answer to the riddle represents; outline each in pencil or ink, and -then
color with paints, inks, water color or crayons the whole Paint Picture as artistically as you can make it;
fill in the coupon with your solution of the Fairy Biddle, your name and address and the- prize you de
sire—if you win— and send the picture, with the coupon attached, to the EPITOB OF THE FAIBY- BID
DLE AND NAME PUZZLE. PAGE, Sunday Call, San Francisco, Cal. .
BEMEMBEB— To the FIBST SIXTY BOYS AND GIRLS who not only solve the Ten Name Puz
zles and the Fairy Biddle correctly and find all the objects enumerated in the riddle, but whose pictures
are the MOST ARTISTICALLY COLORED, one of these SIXTY BEAUTIFUL PRIZES will be awarded.
-And don't forget this next point, because it is very important: ALL ANSWEBS MU3T BEACH
THIS OFFICE BY.FBIDAY NOON. This' gives all tlxose in the country *an equal chance to compete.
Bead everything on this page, to be sure, that you overlook nothing that will help you to win a prize.
THE NAMES OF.THE LUCKY VTNNERS WILL BE' PUBLISHED IN THE SUNDAY CALL
TWO WEEKS FROM TO-DAY, September 20. • •
FOLLOW THE BULES OB YOU WILL BE DEBARRED.
These are the TWENTY BEAUTIFUL BOOKS from which you may select if you solve all the pus
sies correctly: Treasure .Island, by Stevenson; Two Years Before the Mast, by Dana; Samantha at
Saratoga, by Holley; Tom Brown's School Days, by Hughes; A Christmas Carol, by "Dickens; A Dog of
Flanders, by Ouida; Gulliver's Travels, by Swift; The Magic Nuts, by Molesworth; The Little Lame
Prince, by Mulock; The Blithedale Bomance, by Hawthorne; Kidnaped, by Stevenson; Uncle Tom's
Cabin,- by Harriet Beecher Stowe; Through the Looking-glass and What Alice 1'ound There, by Carroll;
Vie— The Autobiography of 'a'Fox* Terrier,* by Marsh; Rip Van Winkle, by. Irving; Rab and His Friends,
by Brown; The Courtship of Miles Standish,, by. Longfellow; The Adventures of a Brownie, by Muleckj
Black Beauty, by Seweli, and Laddie and Hiss Toosey's Mission. " '] '
'- Each of Th€S« Ten P^tU^s Rspi'SSSn** a Faftlj
"fa^ ChawC*^*— G U « S S ThW~Then Solve
SIXTY DAZZLING PRIZES.
Fltzen. Ferndalei F. W. Bartala, SM Oe***
en Gsto avenue. Ban Frandso*.
Here follow the names of th* fifty
prise winners In the "Armer-olad Uk* Ye
Olden Knlfht" Fairy Riddle, published
Ausust 23:
Victor do Ooxnes, Auburn; Ionian WrlsHt.
Woodland; Mar jure t Johnson, Padflo
Grove; Ethel McGulre, 121 Erie street. Ban
Francisco; Grace Hoover, Hanford; Hazel
Weaver, San Jose; Jennie Luchettl. Stock
ton; Bessie Day, 434 Valencia street. Saa
Frmnclscos James Coleman. 1ST Perry
street. Ban Frandsco; Leon Cameron. 351
Devlsadero street. San Francisco; Wlllla
Miller, Sacramento; Crlssle Bradley. Vlsa
lla; Lizzie Meals. Lompoc; May Hubback,
San Jose; C. Gressler. 1363 Sacramento
street. San Francisco; Ernest Gressler.
1263 Sacramento street. San Francisco;
Atherton- Eyre, Me-nlo Park; Martha
Thomas, 18S3 Sacramento street, San Fran
cisco; Alice Blacklock, 1374 Sacramento
street. San Frandsco; Hazel Canavaz.
Alameda; Millie Blacklock. 1374 Sacra
mento street. San FVanclaco; Kathleen
Kiel, Menlo Park; Pearl Thomas, 1374 Sac
ramento street, San Francisco; Louise
Murat, 634 Filbert street. San Frandsco;
Kathryn Gressler, 1263 Sacramento street.
San Frandsoo; Florence Murphy. 1113
Leaven worth street. San Frandaco; Edltix
Pook. Sacramento; Reanus Bptnk. Uklah;
L. B. Anthony, Orovtlle; Jennie Rosen
blum, 1423 Leavenworth street. Baa Fran.
Cisco; Agnes Hard wick. East Oakland; 2L
Van Valkenburar, Santa Cms; Helea
Jones. Seattle; Walter Owen. Oakland;
Julia Moore, Vallejo; Harry Doyle* Oak
land; Ray Sullivan, Ban Diego: Annie
LawBon. Uklah; D. IL Hansen, Berkeley;
Mabel Hammond, Feulura*; Caxti*
Thompson. Petaluma; Charlie Wilson.
Stockton; N. Williams. Santa Crust
Blanche Jones, Sacramento; Albert Book*
er. Menlo Park: TUlle Johnson. GtlroTI
Peter Qulnn, Alameda; Kate Wlnn, Pasa*
denat Kate 8waaey, Oakland; Dot Pem
berton, San Joe*. $>
BEJIjOW Is given th* list of prise
winners In th* puule contest of
.August 23. This was th* Consola
tion Contest— th* names of Things Used
In Operating; a Railroad open only to
thoo* wbo did not win In Name Pussies
borua on May M. Boo If you are on* of
th* lucky fort/ winners:
Mildred Duran. 415 Franklin street. Ban
Francisco; Dot McCoon. H4 Sixteenth
mtf+U Oaklandj K- Koehler. U
Miles street. Ban Frandsoos Antlonstte
Kossak, Oeyservillei Ida Wyckoff, Pota
lumaj 1* Book, 1109% Treat avenue. Ban
Francisco s Ruth Donnlsoo, Bt. Helenas
Margaret Wood, 1714 O«ary street. San
Francisco; Elsie Hlpklna. 80CS Twenty
third street. Ban Francisco; E. A. Thrift.
X096 Ellis ¦treet. Ban Francisco; Velmar
Edgar, tM Minnesota street. Ban Frands
oo> Francis Hood. Frultralo: Bonnie
Hits, Freeportt Amy Horn. Georgetown;
Lulu Olson. Riverside; Florence Kuall,
San Josei Norma Ragiio, Murphysj Car
rie Qreisler, 13S3 Baeramento street. Ban
Frandsco; Ellen Peterson. Msnlo Park;
Myrtle Dow©, ' Soulsbyrllle; Leon Cam
eron, SSI Devlsadero street. Ban Francl*
co| Bruce MoOlll. Ban Jose; Robert
Grassier. 1383 Baeramento street. Ban
Francisco; Willie Oressler, 1353 Baera
mento street. Ban Frandico; Frank 8 wee
lay, Pasadena; A. Campbell, 727 Carolina
street, Vallejo; Raymond Macdonald, 1104
Treat avenue. San Tranelsco; J. McCar
thy. 408 Harrison street. Ban Frandsco;
Ray Col, Ban Jose; B. Cademartort. 1600
Green •treet. Ban Frandsoo; Edward
Eyre, BSH Baeramento street. Ban Fran
dsco; Floyd Smith, Oakland: Harold
Trask. 140* Scott street. Ban Frandsooi
Eddie O'Nell. Direki; Ruaeell PettlnstU,
Eureka; Doda Theall, 1003 Oak street,
Ban Frandsco; Oeorgie Gormlejr, Lark
spur; Walter Burke, Stockton; Joseph
PRIZE WINNERS OF AUG.23.
16
FAIRY
RIDDLE
AND
NAME
PUZZLES
Solve the Puzzles,
fill Out the Coupon
and Send . It to
the Fuzzle Editor,
Sunday Call, S. F.
To Puzzle Editor, Sunday Call,
San Frandsoo:
Below in their proper num-
bers please ftid my solution of
the names of Fairy Tale Charac-
ters represented In. this week's
name puzzles:
1
2
8 .......
4
5 *
6
7
8
0
10
My solution of this week's
Fairy Biddle is
September G, 1903.
Name
Street or P. O
City , ac-
Etate
If I win I choose for prize
(Em List of Pita—.)Sunday Call Comic SectionTHE SUNDAY CAIjIj.THE SUNDAY CALL.THE SUNDAY CAIjIj.LDS AXGELES, Sept. JL— As a result
of & conference held by the rela
tives cf Mrs. Griffith, end after
sh« fc&d beea consulted as eha lay
on her bed In the hospital and had
expressed her desire that her husband be
tigoroaslT prosecuted, a •warrant was Is-
Wounded Wife In
Los Angeles
Explains.
MRS. GRIFFITH INSISTS ON ARREST
OF HUSBAND FOR ATTEMPTED MURDER
AND AN OFFICER SERVES A WARRANT
Macedonians to Use
Plague Bacilli in
Warfare.
FAMOUS . TURKISH WARRIOR WHO IS SAID TO HAVE BEEN DESIGNATED AS COMMANDER IN CHIEF OF
THE SULTAN'S ARMIES IN THE BALKANS. AND A SCENE IN THE DISTRICT WHERE MACEDONIANS
ARE MOST ACTIVE. . •
ties of dynamite, twenty bot
tles of plague bacclli and plenty of arnJ3
and money. If they do not succeed in
bringing about war between Turkey and
Bulgaria or obtain European intervention
they Intend to blow up the Macedonian
cities, burn the villages and poison the
wells.
A dispatch to the Tageblatt from Con
stantinople, dated to-day, says:
"War with Bulgaria is In sight. The
Council of "War has recommended send
ing an amended ultimatum to Bulgaria,
but the Sultan has decided to wait. It
is rumored that Turkish troops have al
ready crossed the Bulgarian frontier
without a declaration of war.
"The members of the Council of War
were up all last night at the Tildlz
Kiosk and designated Edhim Pasha as
commander in chief.
"The Turkish press is printing Inflam
matory articles against Bulgaria."
The Turkish Government, according to
Information received from the Foreign
Office, notified the powers that the Port*
cannot guarantee the safety of the lega
tions In Constantinople.
This extraordinary statement was com
municated without explanation or quali
fying details in response to inauiriea as
to whether German marines were among
those reported by United States Minister
Leischman as having landed at Constan
tinople.
It is inferred, however, that the condi
tions at tha Turkish capital are not so
bad as the Sultan's notification would
imply, but that the legations have been
warned to look out for their own safety,
the Porte disclaiming in advance respon
sibility for any disorderly act.
The foreign officials added that the Ger
man embassy in Constantinople had not
reported whether German marines had
been landed nor whether marines of any
other power had been landed. Complete
official reserve is maintained on this
point.
It is learned from sources outside tha
¦yi-^ERLIX, Sept. 5.— The Cologne
M jSj Gazette publishes a state
m"^^^ ment from a friend of the
m Macedonian leaders saying
fl .. i0^ that they have great quanti-
NO ACTION ON TREATY.
Members of Colombian Congress Are
Leaving for Their Homes.
NEW YORK, Sept. 5.— Advices from
Bogota report that all of the Senators
and Representatives from the Department
of Panama left Bogota on August 25 and
are bound for home.
This news would seem to imply that
Congress will soon adjourn. There has
been no new action In regard to the canal
treaty, according to the latest reports
from the capital.
SERVIAN CABINET CRISIS
SEEMS TO BE AT HAND
Great ', Excitement Prevails Over the
Arrests of Officers of.
tha Army.
BELGRADE, Servia, Sept. 5.— An of
ficial note concerning the recent arrests
of Servian army officers says that tyen
ty-elght officers, mostly lieutenants, were
arrested on ., charges of insubordination
and that their disciplinary examination
Is proceeding.- The officers : arrested yes
terday have been released, but they have
been ordered to remain in their quarters.
Groat loca! excitement prevails. There
are rumors of a Cabinet crisis. King
Peter will return here to-morrow.
When the warrant for Griffith's arrest
was Issued the officers anticipated no dif
ficulty in. finding him, but they were des
tined to a surprise. Griffith had been
about the streets all day, acting as If
nothing , unusual had happened and re
peating to the persons who asked him
his story. of last night to the effect that
the, shooting of his wife was accidental.
He went about his business like a man
who had not a care. He had 'been in
formed of the intention of his wife's rel
atives to cause his arrest, but stated that
that . did» not worry him.
¦i Later, in the afternoon, however, he
disappeared. It was learned subsequently
that he had gone Into retirement at the
solicitation, of his attorneys, not with any
view to. evade arrest, but because his at
torneys told him that his manner was
being taken .by the people as a brazen
exhibition of unconcern as to the fate of
his' wife, and, while they said they knew
"For a number of years Mr. Griffith
has acted as though he was afraid of
being poisoned. He seemed to conceal
that fear, but I noticed it. Even at the
hotel I had to order the meal for the
family as a whole, for if it came in in
dividual orders he ' would exchange por
tions with us. Some time ago he aqted
peculiarly. One night he stood in, the
room and said, 'Come in here, Hwant.to
speak to, you.' His look and manner so
frightened me that I ran out of the
house and away to my sister's place."
GRIFFITH DISAPPEARS.
to answer his questions, and asked: '
"'Did you ever hear- or know anything
about Briswalter being poisoned?" I said.
'Why, no. I knew that he had a sore
foot and blood poisoning from that and
nothing else.' He then asked: 'Have
you been implicated with or do you know
of any one giving me poison?" I replied:
'Why. certainly not; you surely know I
have not.' His third question was, 'Have
you always be^n faithful to your mar
riage vows? 1 I said, 'As God is my judge.
I have, and you know that I have.'
"As I answered the last question he
shot me. I was on my knees and I jump
ed up and rushed for the window. It was
closed, but I managed' to raise It and got
out. I sprang out and fell to the roof
below.
That the United States Government has
given up hope of favorable action by the
Colombian Congresii on the Panama ca
nal treaty was mad» plain to-night, when
a his-h official of the State Department
declared that the treaty was practically
dead t although the Colombian Congress
had until the 22d of this month to act
upon It. Official advices received here
convey the intelligence that the friends
of the treaty at Bogota have abandoned
their efforts in the interest of ratification
and some of them have departed for their
homes.
Dr. Herran remarked that Secretary
Hay's note concerning the dispatches was
extremely polite, but that it wound up
with the statement that, "It is needless
to say that you appreciate the gravity of
this matter."
POLITE BUT POINTED.
DISPATCHES ABE TRACED.
The department then traced its dis
patches from . the telegraph office in
Washington to Buena Ventura, Colombia,
where the cable ends and the telegraph
line controlled by the Colombian Govern
ment begins. There all trace of the dis
patches was lost, and Inquiry on the part
of the cable company, in the form of a
tracer, brought no satisfaction.
For some unexpected reason Dr. Herran
is avoiding the State Department. A day
or so ago, when it was anounced that Sec
retary Hay intended to call upon him for
an explanation of an interview in which
Minister Beaupre was severely criticised.
Dr. Herran said that he would visit Hay
at once. He failed to do so, however, and
has not called at the State Department
since. '.
The truth is that there is some feeling
between the department and Dr. Herran,
though outwardly a show of civility Is
maintained. Secretary Hay has been ex
hausted by the methods employed -by Co
lombia in attempting to manipulate canal
negotiations.
:.Pro"bf o'f. the. duplicity of tbe-<2plom:biah
Government agents, was obtained by-.the
department through a message from Min
ister Beaupre, dated August 25, which
accidentally found its way to the depart
ment. Beaupre reported that he received
no dispatches between July 24 and August
13, although others of a later date had
been received.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, Sept. 5.—Cable
grams from the State Department in
Washington to Minister Eeaupre in Bo
gota and from Minister Beaupre to the
department are being held up by the
Colombian Government. The adminis
tration has been for several days with
out information concerning important
proceedings at Bogota, and finding be
yond question that its dispatches are
being purposely delayed, has taken steps
to remedy the state of affairs.
It is learned that Secretary Hay to
day formally called the attention of Dr.
Herran, the Colombian Charge d'Af"
faires, to the fact that communication
between the department and the Ameri
can Minister had been cut off and asked
for an explanation. Hay, it is said,
made his communication very 'pointed,
suggesting that regrettable consequences
to both countries would ensue if sup
pression of dispatches were persisted in.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Explanation Is Demanded of
Bogota's Diplomatic
Representative.
Hay Cannot Communi
cate With Minister
Beaupre.
Washington State
Department
Angered.
COLOMBIA
HOLDS UP
MESSAGES
Continued on Page 22, Column 5.
sued at 5:30 o'clock this afternoon for the
arrest of Colonel J. Griffith on a charge
of assault with intent to murder.
The complaint on which the warrant
was issued was sworn to by Deputy Sher
iff George Longfellow, who is connected
•with the office of the District Attorney.
Accompanied by Attorney Isadore Dock
weller and Joseph Scott, representing
Mrs. Griffith and her relatives, he ap
peared before Justice Chanbers of the
Police Court and made formal applica
tion for the warrant whicn was at once
issued.
When the Question of ball was men
tioned the attorneys for the complaint
endeavored to secure an order from the
court .refusing ball to Griffith, but it
was finally decided that this bajl should
be fixed at 515.003
HEAVY BAIL FIXED.
Griffith was represented by Attorney
E. D. Silent. He asked that the service
of the warrant be delayed until Mon
day for the reason that despite his great
wealth it would be inconvenient for Mr.
Griffith to give fl5,000 bail at that hour,
and unless he could give the bail required
he would be obliged to remain In Jail
until Monday.
In response to this request Assistant
District Attorney James insisted that the
warrant be served immediately if pos
sible.
•This man is accused of one of the
most serious of crimes," he said. "It
is no fault of his that the charge is not
that of wife murder. We consider that he
Is a dangerous man. that every moment
he is at large he is a menace not only
to his wife, but to others and we Insist
that the law take its course." t
It was ordered that the warrant be
served and the Instrument was placed in
the hand* of detectives.
When, at their conference this morning
the relatives of Mrs. Griffith expressed
the desire that Griffith be prosecuted,
they decided to ascertain what her wishes
were. Accordingly her brother went to
the California Hospital and the question
•was put to her directly. She unhesitat
ingly stated that she desired that her
husband be arrested on a charge of trying
to kill her.
' With' this Information her brother went
to the District Attorney's office and asked
that a warrant be issued. Assistant Dis
trict Attorney James then .went to the
"I then noticed the revolver, which he
was holding In his right hand and behind
him. I said, 'Griffith, put down that re
volver. Why do you hold itr He said,
•You don't think I would hurt you with
it, do your I again asked him to put it
down, but he did not do so. He told me
to close my eyes, but I was frightened
an donly hastily closed them. He told me
"I looked at him and answered, 'Why,
certainly.' He then said, 'Get down on
your knees and answer these questions. 1
He also told me to close my eyes.
QUESTIONS AND BULLET.
"After coming out of thebath house I
said: 'It Is warm; let us get Into the
air. 1 Mr. Griffith remarked that I had
better go up and commence packing and
he would go over and call on Wiley
Wells. I went on to our room at. the
hotel and began to pack. After a while
Mr. Griffith came In and said he would
help me. He folded up a coat and pair
of trousers of his and I told him not to
mind the little things in the dresser
drawer, I would attend to them..'\ » :
"Up to this time on that day nothing
of an unkind or quarelsome character
had passed between us. Mr.' Griffith
had been pleased by all his actions . to
ward me on that day. As we were
packing he picked up my prayer 'book
and came to where I was. I noticed
that he looked peculiar as" he asked the
question: 'Would you swear on' this
prayer book the same as you would on
a BibleT
"On Thursday afternoon - Mr. Griffith
came down to the beach, as he was in
the habit of doing, about 3 or 4 o'clock.
He usually came down at that time and
went out driving for the purpose of ex
ercising- the horses. We were to return
to. the city on Friday morning. Mr. Grif
n'.h said he would not take the horses
out that evening and we went for a walk.
We walked to the plunge and sat there
a while and then went out. At a curio
store we stopped and bought some souve
nir postal cards, and Mr. Griffith remark
ed that he would mail one to an uncle.
hospital and secured a - sworn - statement
from Mrs. Griffith. This statement, after
having been duly ¦ signed ¦ and attested,
was attached to the complaint, on which
later the warrant was issued. Mrs: Grif
fith's statement 'as sworn to. follows:
GRIFFITH'S AMIABLE MOOD.
PROMINENT LOS ANGELES MILLIONAIRE FOR WHOSE ARREST A WARRANT WAS ISSUED ON A CHARGE
OF ATTEMPTED MURDER, AND HIS WIFE WHO DECLARES THAT HE SHOT HER IN A ROOM OF A
FASHIONABLE HOTEL IX SANTA MONICA.
Continued on Page 22, Column 3.
POWERS FORCED INTO ACTION".
Hastened Crisis Compels an Agree
ment to Intervene.
LONDON, Sept. 5. — So threatening Iff
the Macedonian situation that the pow
ers are being forced , to^ take action
sooner than was expected. Emperor
Francis Joseph, it is now learned, has
brought the powers to a stage where a
decision is about to be reached regard
ing the character of the intervention
which should be adopted. It is authori
tatively denied that tne Intervention
contemplates the occupation of Mace
donia by Austria and Russia.
. "You may reiterate." said a diplomat
who is participating in the negotiations,
"that the powers continue to act in har
mony. .It is not true that Russia has
entered into a secret alliance with Bul
garia. Roumania is quiescent, but there
is an element of doubt in Servia in con
sequence of the predominance of the
military in that country."
All of the diplomatic advices available
here agree in the statement that order
prevails in Constantinople. The few
marines landed there from the guard
ships were merely for the purpose of
placing sentinels at the embassies as an
extra , precaution in consequence of the
Porte's warnings against insurgent
plots. !
D. G. Metaxes, the Greek Minister to
the court of St. James, to-day outlined
the Greek view "of the situation. He
said:
.— • 'The attitude of Greece Is entirely
misunderstood. "What my Government
desires is the re-establishment of Greece
in Macedonia. -The large Greek popu
lation in that province is subjected to
atrocities by the Bulgarian revolution
ists. The Bulgarians are worse than
the Bashi-Bazouks. They pose as lib
erators, but they really aim to Bulgarize
Macedonia. Greece seeks the welfare of
the whole Christian population.
"The alliance between Greece and Tur
key is solely for the purpose or re-estab
lishment of peace and tae protection of
the Greeks. We have no political al
liance, but we are doing everything pos
sible to maintain neutrality."
. To -Inquiries, at "the State Department
as to international difficulties in the way
of this Government going to the rescue
of its citizens In Constantinople, the state
ment was made that the United States
would not be prevented by any existing
treaty taking adequate measures for, the
protection of the legation and Consulate
General in Constantinople.
' Until the gravity of. the situation war
rants the dispatch of ships to the Dar
danelles, however, the State Department
does not wish to \ announce its plan of
action in the event of such an emergency.
If objection were offered to the Machias
passing the Dardanelles . steam launches
from the Brooklyn, it is pointed out, could
be used for the purpose.
at the State Department
somewhat longer than usual to-day.- but
neither from Constantinople nor from
Beirut .was further news of the situation
received. Rear Admiral Cotton's cable
gram, dated at Beirut to-day, merely an
nounced the arrival of the Brooklyn and
San Francisco at that port. No word has
been received from the Machias, which
was due at Port Said to-day.. It is ex
pected that a report from Leishmanwill
reach Washington over night, and upon
Its naturo will depend the action by the
State Department as to the further pro
tection of the American legation and Con
sul General in Constantinople.
Until Leishman advises the authorities
here that. the Sultan is unable to, cope
with the situation and . that the legation
and consulate are consequently endan
gered the State Department does not feel
warranted in calling on the . Navy De
partment for ships to proceed to the Dar
danelles.
¦y-^ALL BUREAU. . 1406 G
Jf * STREET. N. W., WASHING-
E TON, Sept. 5.— Patiently await-
ing advices from ' Minister
Leushman, Secretary Hay was
PRICE FJTVE CENTS.
SAN FBANCISCO, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1903— FORTY-FOUR PAGES.
VOLUME XCIV— NO. 98.
Pages2Ito30
The San Francisco Call
Pages 2 Ho 30
TROOPS OF THE SULTAN CROSS THE FRONTIER OF BULGARIA
WITHOUT AWAITING FORMAL DECLARATION OF HOSTILITIES
&OFIJI, Sept. 5.—The latest reports from Sirbino state that three insur*
i3 gent bands, assisted by peasants, were engaged with a battalion of
Turkish troops. It is reported that 300 of the Turks were killed. In a
three hours' fight at IQerkikkoi, near Malkoternove, between two com*
panics of Turkish soldiers and a revolutionary band, the former lost'
twenty'five men and two officers. The insurgent loss was slight.Roanoke, thirty miles east of this city,
is reported to be on flre. The blaze start
ed in a brick block owned by Rosenbeck
& Co.. and has spread to six adjoining
'buildings. Telephone and telegraph com
munication has been broken off, and no
further particulars are obtainable.
The town has a populatl6n of 2000 and
no facilities for fighting flre.
Roanoke, With 2000 Population, Is
at the Mercy of the
Flames.
PEORIA. 111., Sept. 6.— The town of
FIBE BTTRNS UNCHECKED
IN AN ILLINOIS TOWN
The director of the army medical ser
vice reports that one man In every three
offered for recruits has to be rejected.
The subject was brought up in the
House cf Commons by Sir William PL
Anson, Parliamentary Secretary to the
Board of Education, declaring 60,000 chil
dren now attending schools are physically
unfit for institutions.
LONDON, Bept 5.— The Government
has appointed a commission to inquire
Into the alleged physical deterioration of
the lower classes In the United Kingdom.
Physical TJnfltness in Lower Classes
of Great Britain to Be
Investigated.
COMMISSION
TO INQUIRE
INTO DETERIORATION
Earriman's New Line TJp the Coast
to Portland Is Taking
Form.
NEW YORK, Sept. 5.— The California
Midland Railroad has been transferred to
the California Northwestern, which will
be the foundation of E. H. Harrlman's
new line up the Pacific Coast from San
Francisco to Portland. The price paid
was $120,000.
NOETHWESTEBN" SECURES
CALIFORNIA MIDLAND
They had been at work only a few
minutes when the crippled brother saw
that something was wrong, and called for
Miller to come to his assistance. Miller
descended the well to investigate and
was not seen alive again: When further
assistance was secured the men were
raised with grappling hooks, all of them
being dead. The theory is that black
damp overcame them and they fell Into
the water, which was sufficiently deep to
drown them.
SHARON. Pa.. Sept. 5.— Three men lost
their lives in a well at Neshannock, sev
en miles east of Sharon, to-day. They
were Joseph Spencer, 25 years old, a well
to-do farmer; his son Walter, aged 12
years, and August Miller, 22 years. Spen
cer and his son were engaged in cleaning
out a well near their home. The well is
thirty feet deep and had been drained ex
cept of a few feet of water. Spencer and
his son had descended to the bottom of
the' well, leaving Spencer's brother, who
Is a cripple, above the surface to take
out the buckets of dirt as fast as they
came up.
Overcome by Gas, Two Iff en and a
Boy Fall Into Water and
Drown.
BliACKDAMP IN A WELL
CTiATTYTS THBEE VlOTIIffS
Tbe wedding was performed at the
home of the bride by Rev. T. B. White,
pastor of the Presbyterian church. The
groom gave the bride a costly diamond
lecket, and diamond pins to the brides
maids, ushers and best man.
When the couple left for Tennessee this
evening a crowd of. the girl's friends from
the . factory where she was employed
gathered at the railroad station and
treated her to a shower of rice. The
girls say that Miss ( Heyel's- experience
has taught them a. lesson, and they In
tend to inclose their addresses In all of
the sheets and pillow cases they turn out
and see If they cannot get rich husbands.
PORT CHESTER. N. T., Sept. 6.— Tha
wedding; .here to-day of Miss Amelia
IJeyel ' a pretty lS-year-old girl of Eaat
Port Chester, to William P. Manlgault, a
wealthy planter ' of f Memphis, Tenn., re
veals an . Interesting romance. Tha first
time the planter over saw his bride was
on last .Monday, when h« arrived here
from the South.
About a year ago Miss Heyel. tn a
spirit of fun. Inclosed her address In a
package of pillow cases which she was
folding as a part of her duty at a largo
linen factory. Later she received a letter
from a young man In Tennessee. The
letter led to correspondence and an ex
change of photographs. •Finally Manl
gault proposed and was accepted. Miss
Heyel learned afterward that he was
wealthy.
Special Dispatch to Tbe Call.
Small Chance sin Future for
the' Boys of Port
Chester.
Address in Package of
Pillow-Cases Begins ,
Romance.
PLANTER WEDS
FACTORY GIRL
Will Protect Women From Insults.
-BERLIN, Sept. B.-The Minister of the
Interior has directed the police presi
dent to organize special police in plain
clothes to protect women and girls from
the attention of men on the streets.
These daylight Insults are probably prac
ticed more in Berlin than in any other
continental city. - - - .•-..-
VIENNA, Sept. 5.— The correspondent
of the Neue Freie Presse in Constanti
nople telegraphs, that the assistant drago
man of the Russian Embassy there, an
Armenian named Hadjeblan, has been ar
rested by the Turkish police.
Armenian Dragoman Arrested.
Minister Lelshman has* received a 'tele
gram from United States Consul; Ravn
dal at Beirut saying that the, authorities
at that place apparently' have not yet ar
rested the man who flred at Vice Consul'
Magelssen, and adding that the arrest,
among others, of a 15-year-old boy seems
to indicate that they do not -realize th«
gravity of the situation. Ravndal also re
fers to the general state of Insecurity at
Beirut and suggests that tho assailant of
Vice Consul Magelssen was the same
who attacked Magelssen" one night about
a year ago with the object of robbing
him. The man was imprisoned' and-re
cently was liberated. . . • ... -'
The opinion of the foreign diplomats,
here is divided regarding the issue." Great
Importance is attached .to the coming
meeting between the Czar and- Emperor
Francis Joseph, which is expected . to be
followed by decisive steps in. .the direc- :
tlon of guaranteeing the Macedonians
radical reforms. -¦ '
CONSTANTINOPLE, Sept. 5.— Although
in high Turkish official circles the ten
dency is decidedly against war, the un
rest among the military element and In
certain sections of the Mussulman civil
population has increased markedly j dur
ing the last few days. Considerable-sig
nificance is attached to the Sultan's gift
of woolen coats to the troops and. the
appeal to the public for similar contribu
tions. The local papers are further in
flaming the Mussulmans i by publishing
highly colored accounts of . the Ill-treat
ment of Mussulmans by "Bulgarian bri
gand bands." • , ,\ J J
Action Will Follow Conference Be
tween Nicholas and Francis Joseph. '
DECISIVE MOVE EXPECTED.
PARIS. Sept. 5.— The Francals saya the
two wings of the Imperialist party, head
ed respectively by Princ* Victor Napo
leon and Paul de Cassagnac. are seeking
a rapprochement. Prince Victor has an
nounced his desire to retire from the
leadership of his ving In favor of M. ds
Cassagnac. or if the latter Is not ac
ceptable, he will favor the leadership of
Prince Louis Napoleon, now a general
in the Russian army.
Imperialists Seek Union.
Reduced rate* on household food* to A from
the Ea»t & South. Bckln'a. 11 Montgomery. •
"Will Pave Pantheon Piazza.
• ROME, Sept. 5.— The city of Rome has
just- received the offer of a curious gift,
which, while it has been accepted with
gratitude," has created amusement. The
commune of Buenos Ayres as a token of
Argentina's friendship for Italy and a
tribute of affection for the late King
Humbert, whose remains were burled in
the Pantheon here, has offered to pave
the piazza of the Pantheon and the sur
rounding streets with Argentine wood,
which will be kept 'in repair by the do
nors.
LONDON." Sept. 6.— A meeting of the
English Zionist Federation was held at
Whitechapel this evening to receive the
report of the English delegates to the
Zionist congress recently held at Basle.
Switerland. Israel Zangwill. In" the
course of a speech, said his co-religlon
ists were now, for the first time, on the
road to Zlon. Whether the proposed
East African colony was or was not es
tablished was a small issue, he declared,
compared with the fact that theirs waa
a serious political movement, officially
recognized by two of the greatest powers
in the world— Great Britain and Rus
sia,
Federation on the "Work of the
Recent Congress,
Israel Zangwill Addresses English
FOB THE FTRST TIME
OH THE ROAD TO Z10H
RICHMOND, Va., Sept. 6.~An indigna
tion meeting of about 2500 citizens at
Chase City to-night adopted resolutions
harshly calling the Governor to account
for respiting for thirty days Doc Bacon,
colored, condemned to be hanged with
Anderson Finch last Thursday for an at
tempt to assault a woman living near
Chase City. The resolutions, among other
things, implore the Governor "not to
make it necessary for good citizens to
take the law into their own hands for the
protection of their wives and children."
Protest to Governor.
LONDON, Sept. 5.— Mail advices from
Salonlca says that the seizure of Ne
veska by the Bulgarians on August 23 and
its reoccupatlon by the Turks on August
27 were bloodless exploits. The Turkish
garrison, consisting of about 200 men, was
surprised and did not resist. About
eighty of the soldiers surrendered and the
remainder escaped without their arms
and fell Into the hands of another Bul
garian band. The prisoners were not
harmed, but were utilized to carry the
captured arms and ammunition to the
mountains. They were then liberated.
When the Turks reoccupied Neveska
and Klissura, on August 27 and 28 re
spectively, the fears of the inhabitants of
a repetition of the Krushevo excesses
were not fulfilled. The conduct of the sol
diers at both places was correct.
It is supposed that the official Turkish
report saying 200 soldiers out of a gar
rison of 240 were killed at Neveska was
due either to the unwillingness of the au
thorities to admit that such a large gar
rison was bo easily captured or to the
belief that the Insurgents would certainly
kill their prisoners.
No Loss of Life in the Taking and
Betaking of Neveska.
TWO BLOODLESS EXPLOITS.
COLUMBUS. O.. Sept. 5. — Diamonds
valued at $11,000 were, stolen from the
loan shop- of M. J. Daniels on South
High street at 11:30 to-night. Daniels
was taking the diamonds from the win
dow, when two men walked into ' the
store, and pushing revolvers into his
face, ordered him to throw up his hands.
One of the men grabbed the diamonds,
which were in a tray, and both then ran
out of the door and disappeared In an
alley.
Loanshop Bobbed of Diamonds.
Meyers la a brass founder who last
Monday made an agreement with Pro
fessor Herrlman, a hypnotist, that ho
would stay In the coffin for six days with
out food or drink for the consideration
of $25 which he intended to expend for a
uniform. He has aspirations In the di
rection of the "Huckleberry" trolley line
and has already Qualified as a conductor.
Meyers to-night showed no trace of the
ravages of hunger, for bis cheeks were
full and rosy and bis appearance was en
hanced by a recent shave. That there
might remain no doubt of the presence in
the coffin of the subject. Professor Herri
man this afternoon exhibited Meyers. The
professor removed the canvas flap and
through a netting of wire Tho Call cor
respondent saw the man's face. The
sleeper was cleanly shaven and he wore
a blue shirt. His breathing was free and
regular, and a scent of bay rum floated
up from the wire netting.
The professor beld an electric light
bulb in such manner as to shade the
eyes of the sleeper while his face was
plainly shown. The flap was then closed
and Meyers was left to his hypnotic
Notwithstanding the professor's as
severations and the apparent genuine
ness of the "trance" there were many
sceptics who are wondermg where Mey
ers got his clean shave.
NEW YORK, Sept. 8.— Emerging t rom
a six days' trance, Edward Meyers rose
to-night from an earth-covered coffin In
Columbia Hall. Mount Veraon. and faced
the skeptics.
Sped*! Dispatch to Ta« Can.
Skeptics Doubt Genuine
ness of a Six Days'
Sleep.
This fact, then, is highly important.
That an examination of Mrs. Griffith's
face immediately after the shooting
showed as follows: The upper portion of
her left cheek was powd.er burned," and
powder marks were well scattered in and
around her right eye; the bullet struck
against the Inner and upper portion of
the -bony wall of the orbital cavity: the
bullet split. as it struck the hard, sharp
edge of the bone and one' part of the lead
passed downward to the right, lodging
behind the eyeball, while the other and
smaller part passed upward, grooving the
eyebrow and forehead and lodging un
der the scalp.
Mr?. Griffith's supporters claim that the
foregoing facts show conclusively that
the firing ' of the revolver was done by
Colonel Griffith exactly as described by
his wife:- while the husband's friends
claim that the facts are proof that the
weapon was discharged while its posses
sion was struggled for by both. . One
point appears evident, viz.— that the re
volver was fired at very close range, oth
erwise .there would have been no such
powder marks. '. ¦
Attorney. Charles Silent late to-night
At midnight her fever had not increas
ed, but she had not slept more than two
hours during the night. What her phy
sicians fear now Is that meningitis will
develop, and there are also indications
that the injuries received when she jump
ed from' the window to escape, as she
says, a second shot, are much more se
rious than at first supposed.
¦ One of the physicians who is attending
her made this statement late to-night:
"Mrs. Griffith is* far from being past
the danger point and we cannot deter
mine what turn her condition may take.
It all depends upon the next forty-eight
hours.- At present there are Indications
that inflammation may develop In the in
jured eye, but we are trying to prevent
that. We consider her condition serious,
very serious, and for one I do not wish to
make any predictions as to the result, al
though we ¦ all hope for the best."
Much, it is claimed, will depend upon
the .very nature of the wound in Mrs.
Griffiths' eye as a means of determining
whetherher statement that she was shot
with murderous intent or whether the
statement of her husband, which he still
adheres" to, that it was an accident. Is
really the fact. He has also made the
statement .that the weapon was dis
charged while they were scuffling for
its possession.
NATUBE OF THE WOUND.
Although Mrs. Griffith's condition Is not
such as to indicate that har injuries will
result fatally, it is not at all satisfactory
to her physicians. She was conscious all
day and to-night went to sleep early, but
there has developed a feverish state
caused by the excitement incident
to having given a sworn statement
to the deputy District Attorney, which
the physicians think may cause a decided
turn for the worse.
PHYSICIANS HAVE FEARS.
Not the slightest trace of him could
be found, and it was not until 11:30 o'clock
to-night that he waa located and the
warrant served. Through Griffith's sec
retary, William H. Knight, Deputy Sher
iff Longfellow was informed that the
much sought man was at the home , of
a relative, Dr. Griffith, at Sixteenth and
Valencia streets, and thither the officer
went. He. found his man there and Grif
fith himself was the Jlrst man to meet
him at the door. He had been notified by
telephone that the officer was coining
and was ready for him. As he opened the
door he greeted the officer with utmost
cordiality.
"Come right in and sit down," he said.
"I know, your mission and you hafe only
to do your duty. No, I don't want to
read the warrant," he added as the officer
produced the paper which meant the loss
of Griffith's liberty unless a bond was
forthcoming.
"That would be only a mere form," he
said, "I waive that. Here is your bond.
Please examine it and see that it is cor
rect."
With this he handed Longfellow a ball
bond for $50,000, prepared In regular form
end bearing the signatures of John S.
Slauson and Robert Hale, who made af
fidavit that they were worth $100,000 and
$150,000 respectively.
"Don't think I have any the less re
gard for you because you have had this
unpleasant duty to perform," said Grif
fith. "I knew you only did your doty.
Good evening, sir. If I can be of service
to you command me."
He then closed the door and the officer
proceeded to" the "Sheriff's office and made
due return on the warrant.
it was not, they advised that he leave the
streets at least' for a time. They did not
know whither he had gone and the of
ficers who had the warrant searched^for
hours for him. It was reported that he
had taken a Santa Monica car and a de
tective was sent to that city. In quest of
him. ¦ *
OUT OF TRANCE
CLEANLY SHAVEN
Continued From Page 21, Column 3.
"Judge B. N. Smith of the Superior
Court consented to come to his chambers
In the Courthouse, where- he approved the
bond. Colonel Griffith Immediately went
to the Sheriff's office to answer any war
rant that might be In the Sheriff's hands,
he being ready to surrender the bond as
soon as the warrant was produced. Not
finding any one at that office, I advised
Colonel Griffith to retire for the night and
he went to the home of a relative. At no
time did he seek to evade arrest."
"With reference to the complaint Issued
this evening for the arrest of Colonel
Griffith on the charge of assault to mur
der, he heard of It for' the first time at
about 5 o'clock this evening. He at once
instructed me to prepare a bond' for the
amount of ' $13,000 required, and J. S. Sian
gan, a retired banker and one of the best
known and most highly respected citizens
of Los Angeles, and Robert Hale, a well
known banker of this city, became sure
ties. .
STATEMENT FOB GRIFFITH.
prepared the following statement for
publication on behalf of Colonel Griffith
with reference to the arrest of the latter:
"From my personal relations with
both Colonel and Mrs. Griffith I know
that he has the greatest attachment for
his wife and has at all times respected
her religious preferences. On more than
one occasion I have heard him say that
he respected her greatly for a devotion
she has shown to her church and that
he felt she was a better wife and a bet
ter woman because of that devotion.
MRS, GRIFFITH INSISTS,
The Pope has expressed himself as be
ing most satisfied with the studies, which
Thaddeus expects to finish before Christ
mas. %
ROME, Sept. 6.— H. J. Thaddeus, a well
known Irish painter, whose portraits of
Pope Pius IX, Leo XIII, Gladstone and
other prominent personages have won
him considerable fame, obtains the privi
lege of being the first to paint a picture
of the present Pope. To a remark of
Thaddeus that he always heard the Pope
had dark eyes, while really they were
blue, "like those of the Irish," the Pon
tiff replied, "Then we are of the same
race."
Irish Artist Obtains the Privilege
and Begins Work Upon
the Studies.
THADDETJS WELL FAINT
PORTRAIT OF PITTS X
Embassador' Constans' latest report
from Constantinople says the embassies
there are constantly in danger of being
attacked by agitators or fanatics, but it
does not mention the landing of marines.
The officials here say that if marines
were landed they would be from the small
guardshlps maintained at Constantinople
for police purposes, but which do not
form part of the regular fleet; that the
landing of marines, if it has taken place,
would not be considered a. naval debark
ment In its serious sense or a preliminary
war measure. By agreement with Turkey
each of the powers maintains two guard
ships in Constantinople, France having
two small gunboats.
It ts said that if the United States de
sires the gunboat Machlas to go to Con
stantinople for guard duty it will be
wholly a question between Turkey and
the United States, as certajnly France,
and probably the other powers, would
interpose no objection to the Machlas
passing -the Dardanelles.
PARIS, Sept. 6.— A dispatch to the
Temps from Sofia, Bulgaria, confirms the
report that the official Journal, Dnevnlk,
which enjoys the confidence of the pal
ace, had yutillshed the sensational infor
mation that a treaty of alliance exists be
tween Russia and Bulgaria. The Dnev
nik claims to possess a copy of the treaty,
the terms of which guarantee that in case
of war between Bulgaria and Turkey
the former ehall have the co-operation of
Russia.
The Temps emphasizes the statement
and declares that the officials In Bulgaria
timed the announcement bo as to give
Turkey a final warning of the danger of
further menacing Bulgarians.
eration in War.
Alleged Treaty Agrees Upon Co-op-
RTTSSO-BTJIXrAIUAir ALLIANCE.
DANVILLE, 111., Sept «.— Verdicts of
guilty were returned shortly after mid
night against twelve rioters who attacked
the Danville Jail on July 25. The follow
ing were found guilty: Beasle Dodge,
Winfleld Baker, Jack Alton, William Red
wine, Minnie Mibaken, John Isom, Isaac
Newton Blade, John Robertson, Thomas
Bell, Horace Murphy, Adam Merry, D. L.
Menifee.
Richard Roberts and John Ke«s were
found not guilty.
The charge was: "Assaulting the Dan
ville Jail with Intent to commit murder."
The trial of the fourteen defendants has
been on for four days. Most of the de
fendants have tried to prove alibis or
that they were innocent bystanders.
Sheriff Whltlock and his deputies, who
defended the Jail against the attack by
the mob by the use of shotguns and re
volvers, thus saving a negro prisoner
from being lynched, Identified all of those
convicted.
During the afternoon Richard Roberts
turned State's evidence and identified five
of tho defendants as persons whom he
saw In the mob. He Identified Bessie
Dodge and said that she stood on a
wagon and urged the mob to lynch Sheriff
Whltlock.
Eight other men are under Indictment,
but they may not be tried, as those found
guilty are said to be the ringleaders.
The convicted persons are subject to a
penitentiary sentence.
Verdicts of Guilty Against
Twelve Would- Be
Lynchers.
Woman Heads List of
Assailants of Dan
ville's JaiL
SOFIA, Bulgaria, Sept. 6.— Reports cf
the proceedings of the Ministerial Coun
cil at Varna indicate that there has been
no change la the attitude of the Govern
ment on the Macedonian question. For
the moment the dissolution of the So
branje forms the chief subject of dlsoua
elon. The council is supposed to be de
voting Itself chiefly to internal affairs.
The coming elections probably will afford
quite as much excitement as the proceed
ings of the insurgents.
Bands of revolutionaries ~ continue to
cross the frontier, but-scanty news of
fighting in Northern faacedonia- is re
ceived here. The Insurgents are believed
to be waiting until a larger force shall
have assembled.
The Turkish forces are reported to have
devastated the entire district of Kostear,
In the vilayet of Monastlr, and to have
burned every village In the district.
The Autonomy e states that the Inhab
itants of fourteen villages around Pros
pan and Okrlda have joined the revolu
tionaries, and that bands of Insurgents
numbering 1500 are ocupying strong posi
tions In the mountains.
The numerous rumors of the mobiliza
tion of the Bulgarian army which have
been In circulation here are declared to
be absolutely false. The Government Is
sending troops to strengthen the frontier
guard, which action, according to a dis
patch from Rlla, is likely to cause trou
ble between the troops and the Insur
gents.
District of Eosteax.
Turkish Forces Devastate the Entire
BUBNINQ ALL VHJJLGE&
LEADERS OF MOB
ARE CONVICTED
Foreign Offlca that the German Govern*
ment regards Turkish Balkan affairs as
having entered on an acuta phase. The
Forte's Inability to take energetic hold
of the Macedonian insurrection Is the
worst feature of the situation. .
SULTAN'S TROOPS CROSS FRONTIER
BEFORE HOSTILITIES ARE DECLARED
Continued From Page 21, Column 7.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALIi, SUNDA?, SEPTEMBER 6, 1903.
22
THE VALUE OF CHARCOAL
Few People Know How TTsefnl It Is
In Preserving Health and Beauty.
Nearly everybody know« that charcoal is the
safest and most efficient disinfectant anil pur-
ifier In n&ture. but few realir* lt» value when
taken Into the human eyetem for the eame
cleansing purpose.
Charcoal U a remedy that the more you take
of It the better; It U not a dru* at all. but
simply absorbs the pases and Impurities always
present In the stomach and Intestine* and car-
jip« them out of the eyrtem.
Charcoal (sweetens the breath after smoklnr.
4rlnk!&ff or after eating; onion* and other odor-
ous veretables.
Charcoal effectualJy deers and Improve* tha
complexion, it whiten* the teeth and further
acts as a natural and eminently safe cathartic.
It aheorfcs th« lnjurioua r&se» which collect
in the stomach and bowels; It disinfects the
mouth end throat from the poison of catarrh.
All druFKlEts Bell charcoal In one form or an-
cther. but probably the best charco&l and tbe
'most for the money Is In Stuart** Absorbent
Lozenres; they are composed of the finert pow-
dered Willow charcoal, and other harmless an-
tiseptic* In tablet form or rather In the form
of larpe. pleaeaat tasting lozeng-es, the charcoal
being mixed with heney.
The dally use of these lozeng-es will soon
tell in a much Improved condition cf thft.gen-.
oral health, better complexion, eweeter breath
end purer blood, acd the beauty of It Is that
no possible harm can result from their .con-
tinued use. but on the contrary. ,• great benefit.
A Buffalo physician In speaking of the bene-
fit* of charcoal rays: "I advise Stuart's Ab-
sorbent Lozenges to all patient* suSerlnr-from
iras in stomach and bowels, and. to dear the
complexion and purify the breath, mouth and
throat: I also believe the liver Is greatly bene-
fited by the daily use of them; they cost but
tw 1 r.ty-f.ve cents a box at drug etors, and al-
though in pome sense a patent preparation, yet
I believe I get mare and better charcoal In
Stuart'* Absorbent Lozenge* than In any of
the ordinary charcoal tablets."
I WILL GIVE $1000
%3C~sr^&jfik Any Lump in a
WQMAN'5 BREAST [S GANGER
A lcmporsoreoa the lip, face or any where
six months is nearly always canoer. j 20 para
book sent free with testimonials of thousands
cured arhoa you can see.
Tbe Dr. S. B. Cfaaraley Cancer Cure Co.
"Strictly Reliable" Two lady assistants.
23 and 25 Third St, San Francisco
SEND TO SOMEONE WITH CANCEB
BiX'RS I
Famous the World H
| Ovep^FuUjL.Matured«! 1
•fold Everywhere. ¦; ' J
HILBERT MERCANTILE CO.. Il
! Pacific Coast Asenta. . Jtj
Advertised bj Responsible firms of S. F. !
MORPHINE ELASTIC
OlLiqnorEabiUF^i- STOCKINGS
p lively awl (joickly ...*** VV-XVU^IVJJ
Cnrei. SO TUH -*-bdoroInal Supporters.
I Kn K rm«Tm Hospital Belt..
1 hu ECrzE&XKtt. Suspensoriea.
U tl U''M nip Mafle t0 or<le '" at the
MtofliiloiBnkCfc ywgr^
1839P«IkEt., 8. T. JOHN W.HOPE WELL.
¦ '. • ADVERTISEMENTS.
A FINE LINE OF
FALL and WINTER WOOLENS
JUST RECEIVED.
Stylish Suits made to order for ... .^r.;^.,^.^. . .$15.50 to $20.00
Perfect-fitting Pants to order for ...... ..... . . . .$4.50 to $10.00
Fine,. dressy Suits, latest style cut, of first-class unfinished
worsteds, piques, cassimeres and Scotch goods in all shades
For
$25.00, $30.00 U $35.00
— A SUIT — -~
These cannot be duplicated elsewhere for from $10.00 to
$15.00 more.
Stylish Overcoats from. $20.00 to $40.00
The best of workmanship, linings and trimmings, and per-
fect fit guaranteed or no sale.
JOE PflHlpHE TAILOR..
201 and 203 Montgomery St.. II 10 and 1112 Market St.,
SAN FRANCISCO
143 S. Spring St.,
LOS ANGELES, GAL.
JDR. PIESCE'S REMEDIES.
ONE STEP MORE
Will be fatal to the sleep-walker. Will
he draw back or will he take the final,
fatal step? A great many people are in
peril like the sleep-walker. They are
diseased. The disease is progressing
day by day. The time comes when one
more step away from health is fatal.
The man who has suffered from indi-
, JfBft gestion or gastric trouble
Kjr^ goes some night to a
z*jvj dinner and returns home
¦//fffijh ' to find he has taken that
J#J last step from health
Jjyml , which can never be tak-
fW/ 1 W en back. .
UJmntf J/jA To neglect the cure
Alu I Flil )& °^' * n<^S est * on or some'
hM /// / 1 4^ other form of stomach i
'/////) I trouble is dangeroujC It'
i— //// // I is also inexcusable. Dr. -
-*- III II ' Pierce V Golden Medical
J 7 1 II _ Discovery cures diseases
///I J of tbe stomach and °ther
li I I I organs of digestion and
ivOi '111 V* " nutrition. • It purifies
< J^~^UUUr the blood, stimulates the
*£5S5saES!>»^ liver ' cures biliousness,
•.«.««iw»M«iB»Wf and> eliminates bilious
.' _ " poisons from the sys-
i;-"p_^i ;:tem.-.- ¦¦' •¦ ;¦• < •¦ ¦
•¦•v vJ '¦¦•"¦¦ "The praise I would like
jTaSUwSom ,to give your 'Golden Medical
~l BPI By • Discovery? I cannot -otter in
n J&SHBr words or describe with p«n,»
, J feni - ' writes Jas B. Ambrose, £«q.,
• ' '' 4 '2v ¦ ' • of MO5 H Mifflia' 8t, Hunt-
1^ , ingdon. Pa. . "1 wu taken
frith what our physicians said was indigestion.
I doctored with the best around here and found
no relief. I wrote you. and .you advised me to
use Dr. Pierce'a Golden Medical Discovery. I
took three bottles 'and I felt so good that I
stopped—being cured. /I have no symptoms of
gastric trouble or indigestion now."
If ' you ask your dealer for "Golden
Medical Discovery f because you ;" have
confidence in its cures, do not allow
yourself to be switched off to a medicine
claimed to be "just' as good," but which
you did not ask for and of which you
know nothing. / .;
You' can get the People's Common
.Sense ; Medical Adviser, 1008 pages, pa-
per covers, free by sending 21 one-cent
'stamps, to par expense of mailing 'only.
Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
R ad way's
Pills
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. ¦ Causes
perfect digestion. - complct* " absorption and
healthful regularity. «, ' '
For the cure of all disorders of th« Stomaca,
Uver. Bowels. Kidneys, Bladder, Femal* Ir-
regularities, sick Headache, Biliousness, Coa-
stlpatlon. Piles and all derangements of to*
Internal Viscera. • 25c a -box. At drucrlata or
by mail. bad WAX A CO. Mew Xork.
> '3-J;i- A TW WH.TTR >•'¦ M V. MTR. ' ' ..-
Ml *^* mgaMaffl-t 1 qTvus \\ ¦•II f If I I j I !% XLn<f I
¦££k WtetSB ~ 111 r^* • *MA'bBPWP v^ Vt *¦ I till Mm V#\l .
_ _ ADVEKTISEMEI.TS.
IiJ \\*2s awarded highest hon- W\ J %'iks^ 1 * '
If ors at the Paris Exposition, VY/ \ O\W; : ''*-UY.^y/yf^
W 1900; the Pan-American Ex- . Yw \iM\^^^^0^^
i\ position, Budalo, 1001, and at \vi '2j$\&%jip\ s >— -™5*^v^N^
/;[ the Crystal Palace Exposition VfiP*\«iS» A J^ii
// i in London last year. \5 /&& *\jf\C~ j
/ I The history of the LUD- \ l»\LnO^^fH.
WIG PIANO is a history of \ J§L$jp^ J /L^v
J I repeated triumphs. Its supe- «tf» /c^ f /»
Ml rior sweetness of tone and its V«^3L_-fl( llai'l
'.' 1 extraordinary durability make
\ 1 it a popular instrument wher-
\\) Our liberal terms make it
I jr easy to own one. .
/V Basement Bargains This Week. i\|
/ «•< A " cle 5? nt Mahogany Hardman Piano sold when new for \\
I J $050; in pertect condition. Now C^O*7ff f\f\ \\\
A fine Upricht Kingsbury, worth $350; ClQft f\f\ \
, j almost new. Now "~ [ xb\&[j.\)U \
.j I EASY PAYMENTS. }
If 931-933 Market street; f-fl "
iV SAN FRANCISCO. \\ \
JIV Corner Ninth street and Broadway, \\\
j\\ OAKLAND. \ \WASHINGTON, Sept. 5.— The flrat instance
of the Government's refusal to admit to this
country adulterated wines under the pure food
act took place to-day when entry was refused
a Uhioment of white wine from Bordeaux
France. Upon analysis the wine was found
to contain acid.
BERLIN, Sept. 6. — Owing to contin
uous conflicts between Europeans and
natives in the German colonies*- the Ger
man Colonial Union has petitioned the
Government to introduce in the admin
istration of the colonies regulations sim
ilar to those in the Dutch colonies,
which provide that in cases where Euro
peans and natives are witnesses the tes
timony of seven natives shall be equal
to that of 'one white.
The petition also asks that the right
of colored policemen to arrest Europeans
snail be taken away.
German Colonial Union Petitions
Government for Changes of the
Colonies' Regulations.
SEVEN NATIVES TO BE
EQUAL TO ONE WHITE
CITY OF MEXICO, tiept. 5. — That
Mexico should reform her monetary
system in order to establish a fixity of
exchange and stability of her money is
the net result of the investigations car
ried on by the commission appointed b"y
Finance Minister Limantour. The fourth
Special Dispatch to The Call.
• i ¦ » >
Republic Paves the Way
for Sound Money
System.
MEXICO READY
FOR COLD BASIS
BERLIN Se»t. 5. — The 2000 troops which
paraded to-da,y on th» battlefield of Leipsic
¦where the Prussians and Russians in 1813 de
feated Napoleon I. suffered sreatly from a
bot wave. Some hundreds of soldiers dropped
In the ranks.
The same committee recommends that
the maximum ratio of the new currency
be one to th?rty-two and the minimum
one to thirty-six.
This rei>crt has been approved by the
commission as a whole, and, according
to the rilar.s of Minister Limantour, a
fifth sub-committee has been appointed
to d<svisa methods under which Mexico
can bring abouj^ reforms which will re
sult In practlcXlly placing the country
on a cold basis.
sub-committee charged with ascertain*
ing the relative advantages and evils of
the decline in silver, summing up it*
investigations, declares that In -view of
the study that has been given to the
question, only one answer can be made.
It is unquestionable, -the committee re
marks, that it is to the Interest of
Mexico to impart the greatest stability
to foreign exchange.
ST. PAUL.. S«pt. 5. — Fire in the clubhouse
of the Woman's Federation on the State Pair
Grounds this afternoon destroyed the build-
Ing, entailing a loss of $10,000.
LAS VEGAS N. M., Sept. 6.— News has
reached this city from the village of Ri
bera of the murder of Juan Solfno, a
prominent citizen. The body was^found
near the village with his horse. The man
had been riding standing watch. There
was a bullet hole in his neck and a knife
wound in\the throat. The murderer is
unknown and the cause of the crime is a
mystery. (
New Mexican Is Murdered.
three years' Imprisonment. .
Brooks had been in New York only a
short time, yet, according to his confes
sion, he had committed thirty-nine bur
glaries and stolen property worth in the
aggregate $65,000. . v
Harry Brooks, Confessing to Thirty-
Nine Burglaries, Is Given
Twenty-Three Years,
NEW YORK, Sept. 5.— Harry Brooks,
alias "Gentleman George" Robinson, who
on Wednesday pleaded' guilty to five In
dictments, three of which charged bur
glary, was to-day sentenced to twenty-
"GENTLEMAN GEORGE"
SENTENCED TO PRISON
Certain diamonds, it was found, exhibit
and retain a wonderful phosphorescence
when exposed to the radium rays, the
glow of some small diamonds being clear
ly visible through six layers of paper.
The new gem, kunzlte, Is one of the
most phosphorescent of all the substances
examined, the entire gem assuming under
the radium ray a rich orange- glow. «
NEW YORK, Sept 5.— A quantity of
radium of the activity of 300,000. the first
of Its kind seen here, will be placed on
exhibition at the American Museum of
Natural History Monday. This radium,
with some of 700,000 activity, has been
used In connection with the Roentgen and
ultra-violet rays In an Investigation of
the Interesting properties developed in
many substances, including the Bement-
Morgan collection of gems, several thou
sand in number, a0d some thousands of
other diamonds and other gems and min-
Experiments in New York With the
Newly Discovered Element Bring
Interesting Results.
DIAMONDS GLOW WHEN
EXPOSED TO RADIUM
PLYMOUTH, Mass., Sept. 5.— The Na
tional Society of Mayflower Descendants
began its triennial meeting in the Church
of the Pilgrimage here to-day, with del
egates nresent from all over the United
States. In the absence of Governor Gen
eral Henry E. Howland of New York,
Deputy Governor General William L.
Marsh of Washington presided.
The report of the last congress in 1900
was read by Secretary General Richard
H. Greene of New York, and the report
of the treasurer general and historian
general were presented. The latter stated
the present membership was 893. The
committee on nominations reported the
following officers for election:
Governor General, Hon. Charles Fran
cis Adams of Massachusetts; Secretary
General, Ashbcl P. Fitch of New York;
Treasurer General, J. M.' Rhodes of Penn
sylvania; Captain General, Miles Stand
ish of Massachusetts.
General Greene Reads the Report of
the Last Congress, Held
in 1900.
SOCIETY OF MAYEXOWER
DESCENDANTS CONVENES
NEW YORK, Sept 6.— Francis N.
Benque, 46 years old, a photographer,
was committed to Bellevue Hospital to
day to be examined as to . his sanity.
Benque had been arrested for writing a
letter to Secretary of State Hay in which
he threatened the Secretary if a claim of
$41,000 was not paid. Benque haa written
letters on the subject to the various Pres
idents and Secretaries of State. since the
administration of Harrison, none, how
ever, threatening until this letter to Sec
retary Hay, in which he declared If Hay
did not attend to his claim he would at
tend to Hay. Magistrate Cornell de
clared that he did not believe- .Benque was
in his right mind and committed him to
Bellevue Tor examination.
The Washington police stat« that the
amount demanded by Benque from the
authorities' of Hamburg, Germany, was
10,000 marks. This sum, he says, was In
vested in 1SS9 in a photographic gallery
in that city, and he claims to have lost
it when he was expelled because he re
fused to perform military duty on the
ground that he was an American. He
was given three days to leave Germany,
but through Secretary of* State Elaine
had the time extended to three months.
The alleged threat in his recent letter to
Sacretary Hay was in the statement that
he had written eight letters to the Gov
ernment to have his claim enforced, and
the present one would be the last. He
said he would take up the matter then
himself and whatever he did would be "In
self-defense." The letter, like its prede
cessors, was long and rambling.
ACTION NOT HAY'S.
"WASHINGTON, 'Sept. £.— The following
authorized statement was given to the
Associated Press to-nisht:
It is understood that the action in the case
of Benque, the writer of the threatening letters,
was not reoorted at the instance of the Secro
tary of State. Mr. Hay received a good many
such letters and as a rule pays not attention to
them. In this case the letter came Into the
hands of officials of the State Department, who
thought It showed a disposition which might
lead to mischief. Benque's threats were not
aime<I especially at the Secretary of State, and
It was thought probable that he would make a
Journey to Wnshlneton to carry them out, but
being so much nearer to Oyster Bay !t was
feared his disorder of mind might lead him
there. For thin reason it was suggested to
the proper officers that the matter should be
looked into.
It was learned that Bennue had writ
ten Secretary Hay no less than 100 letters
in reference to his alleged claim against
Germany, and in this last communica
tion, which hastened tha determination of
the officials of the department to cause
his arrest, he notified Hay that he would
allow just three days to pay heed to his
demands, at the end of which time he
would make his move.
FEAR FOR PRESIDENT.
When asked about it to-night. Secre
tary Hav would not say that the writer
of the letter also threatened the Presi
dent, but the fear expressed in the state
ment above that the man's state of mind
might take him to Oyster Bay would lead
to the belief that he had communicated
such threat. Benque's' capture was made
possible by the fact that he made no
effort to conceal either his name or ad
dress, both being plainly given.
Secretary Hay has received similar let
ters from at least twenty persons ' and
he has heretofore paid no attention to
them, but In view of the recent episode
at Oyster Bay_and the present case the
determination has been reached to place
all such communications received here
after in the hands of the police, in the
hope of locating the writers and placing
them in custody.
Kill Several Officers and Soldiers
and Capture a Hundred
Camels.
ALGERIAN BRIGANDS
ATTACK A CONVOY
AIN-SEFRA, Algeria, Sept. 5.— A band
of brigands attacked a convoy to-day in
the vicinity of El Muriger and carried off
102 camels after a severe fight, in which
several officers and soldiers are reported
to have been killed. Details of the affair
are lacking.
Stabs Son to Death.
COLUMBUS, Ga.. Sept. 5.— In the pres
ence of his wife, R. H. Burton, a car
penter, stabbed, his 19-year-old son, Jesse
Burton, to death to-day- at their home In
this city. He and the boy were in a dis\
pute and the latter cursed his father.
Burton was on his knees In prayer fif
teen minutes before he killed his son. i
The Earl of Sha^tesbury, commodore of
the Royal Ulster Yacht Club, and Sir
Thomas Lipton will be the guests of hon
or at a public reception at the clubhouse
of thft New York Yacht Club next Tues
day evening.
LONDON, Sept. 5.— Considerable com
ment has been 'caused by a special dis
patch from Nev/ York to the Dally Mail,
declaring that a mistake In connection
¦with the Shamrock Ill's water line made
her defeat a foregone conclusion. The
correspondent says it is strange the error
in the design was not discovered in time
to prevent the formation of the unwar
ranted hopes by which Sir Thomas Lip
ton had been deceived, and intimates that'
some one blundered inexcusably.
The friends of Sir Thomas in London
are much exercised. They declare they
are aulte unable to see how the water
line mistake occurred and hope an ex
pktSiition will be forthcoming.
NEW YORK. Sept. 5.— Sir Thomas Lip
ton's two racing yajhts. Shamrock I and
III, lay beside a wnarf in Erie Basin to
day. The work of preparing them for
the trip home was not fully under way.
Shamrock. Ill still carried her racing
mast, but her Jury mast was lying on the
wharf ready to be stepped. The crew of
the defeated challenger is expecting to
Bail for home about September 14.
According to Hunter, Mrs. Hunter, who,
he says, Is an enthusiastic yachtswoman
and a member of the Clyde Corinthian
Club, has had ambitions ever since the
Valkyrie was lost off Hunter quay, Scot
land, to have a try for the America's cup,
and she has, he says, set aside a sum of
£20,000 for that purpose. Her idea is to
act as her own skipper and have an ama
teur crew.
. Hunter says that they have no inten
tion of interfering with Sir Thomas Lip
ton and that a challenger will be sent
only in case the Irish knight does not
challenge again. In the event of a boat
being built it will be by Messrs. Denny
of the Clyde.
Hunter says he once worked for Sir
Thomas Lipton and that he made his
money out of building operations.
MONTREAL, Sept. , 5. — Graeme Hunter,
•who Is stopping at the "Windsor Hotel in
this city and who claims to be a friend
of Sir Thomas LIpton, Is authority for
that statement that his wife has ambi
tions for the America's cup and may
send on a challenge. ' Graeme Hunter
comes from Arrocher, Scotland, and when
seen to-night his first statement was to
disclaim that he was a millionaire, as
reported. Mrs. Hunter is at her home In
Scotland.
Wealthy Woman of Arroch.er.Is in
Earnest and Has Chosen
Clyde Builders for
Her Yacht
Plans to Be Her Own Skipper
and to Have an Ama
teur Crew.
In conclusion I am pleasfd to Inform you that
the President of the United States sympathizes
with your cause and approves the enterprise.
At an Interview to-night Commander
Peary said that the expedition would'be
made under the auspices of the Peary
Arctic Ciub of New York, of which Mor
ris K. Jessup is president. The club
will finance the expedition to the extent
of $150,000. which is $50,000 more than the
cost of the last trip, which occupied four
yearr
The attainment of the pole should be your
main object. Nothing short will suffice. The
discovery of the pole is all that remains to
complete the map. of th<? world. That map
should b«- completed In our generation and by
our countrymen. If it is claimed that the en
terprise is fraught with danger and privation,
the ancwer is that geographical discovery in all
ages has been purchased at the price of heroic
courage and noble sacrifices. Our national pride
is involved in the undertaking, and this de
partment expects that you will accomplish your
purpose and bring further distinction to a ser
vice of illustrious traditions.
Distinctive features of Commander
Peary's plan are the use of Individual
sledges, with comparatively loads,
drawn by dogs; the adoption of Eskimo
methods and costumes, and the fullest
utilization of the Eskimos.
Commander Peary believes the advant
ages of his plan and route are a fixed
land base 100 miles nearer the pole than
any other route; a more rigid ice pack
extending farther poleward than is found
on the opposite side of the pole; a wider
land base on which to retreat and a well
beaten line of communication and retreat
from winter quarters to comparatively
low latitudes, which is practicable at any
season of the year.
Acting Secretary Darling of the navy,
who is a close student of Arctic work and
an enthusiastic believer In the ability of
American p'.uck and daring to find the
pole, says in his letter to Commander
Peary, granting him three years' leave
of absence from April 1 next, that he
thinks he is be-tter equipped than any
other ptrson In the country to undertake
this work. He pays a high compliment
to Pcary'e courage and ability and con
cludes his letter with this admonition:
Upon arriving at the Whale Sound re
gion he will take on board a large num
ber of Eskimo and establish a permanent
base at Cape Sablne. Thence he will force
bis way northward to Grand Island,
where he hopes to establish winter quar
ters on the northern shore. As far as
practicable al<Ag th© route he will es
tablish caches. The following February,
with the earliest returning light, he will
start due north over the polar pack with
a small light pioneer party and followed
hi- a large main party.
In his letter of application to Acting
Secretary Darling for leave of absence
Commander Peary said:
I should expect to accomplish the distance to
the #o!e and return in about 100 days or a little
mort, an average travel of about ten miles a
day. Returning. I should break the ship out
lute in the season and return home.
If ice conditions this year were such as to
prevent reaching the northern shore of Grand
Island I should winter as far north 88 practi
cable and ffcrce the ship to the desired location
the following year. In this event the expedi
tion would be Kone two years.
In his letter of application for leave of
absence Commander Peary briefly out
lines his plans of action. In a suitable
ship built In one of our best shipyards,
reinforced and strengthened to the max
imum degree and fitted with American
engines, "so that she may go as an ex
ponent of American skill and mechanical
ability," Commander Peary hopes to start
with his expedition about the 1st of July
next.
"WASHINGTON. Sept B.-Commander
Robert E. Peary, United States navy, the
¦well known Arctlo explorer, will make
another dash for the north pole. Leave
of absence Tor three years has been grant
ed him, with the permission of the Pres
ident, by Assistant Secretary of the Navy
Darllnt. and he has been assured of the
hearty sympathy of both of these of
ficials.
Photographer With a Claim
Against Hamburg Hints
at Violence.
President Roosevelt Gives
Explorer Assurance of
Sympathy.
Mrs. Graeme Hunter Is
Eager for a'Try at
the Cup.
Expedition "Will Start
in July of Next
Year.
Author Will Be Exam
ined at Bellevue as
to Sanity.
FAIR SCOT
WILL SEND
CHALLENGE
PEARY TO DASH
FOR NORTH POLE
LETTER TO HAY
CONTAINS THREAT
THE- SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 6. 1903.
23
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
WHAT CAT7SES DANDRUFF.
Greatest European Authority on Skin
Diseases Says It's a Germ.
The old idea that dandruff is scales of
skin thrown off, through a feverish con-
dition of the scalp, is exploded. Prof.
Unna, Hamburg. Germany, European
authority on skin diseases, says dan-
druff is a germ disease. The germ bur-
rows under the scalp, throwing up little
.scales of cuticle, and sapping the vital-
ity of the hair at the root. The only
hair preparation that kills dandruff
germs Is Newbro's Herplcide. "Destroy
the cause, you remove tne effect." Not
only cures dandruff, tout stops falling
hair and permits a luxuriant growth.
Delightful hair dressing. Sold by. lead-
Ing druggists. Send 10c In stamps for
sample to The Herpicide Co., Detroit,
Mich.
¥ £ Constipated
eij*_ take
1844 tSmfa&Jwfe 1903
Cted tv American Phytwant nearly (0 years.
The effervescent " tried by time " cure for
Costireness. Biliousness, Headache, Sick
Stomach. Contains no irritants or narcotics.
Me. and 9)1 , at DmzgUts or by mail from
THE TARRANT CO.. 2 1 Jay Street New York
fifiP\ (PATENTED). /J^\\
ft HSPHEROID /(I
py EYEGLASSES 4"n.
I^J Are Scientifio Creations, \yA
I "^3 Giving Perfect Vision. V^ .
(J PRICES MODERATE. \J
What is even your climat<
without a good understanding
between yourself and your gro-
-cer, via the cook ?
,— Schilling's Best is the monev-
back way.
ADVERTISEMENTS. I-
1 i
...WT TRIST THE PEOPLE... \
This Week's Specials
Tbi» Solid Oak Extension Table, fame
•» picture, lop of table measuring t2x42
inches, extra nearj- fluted 5-inch claw lfjcg ;
large enou£h to Beat tweiT© « hen extend-
ed. Podtively th« best bars* la *T«r of-
fered in gun Fran-
cisco. Eecnlar SIS. J%\
lor this week only... JwjSM
Tb* "M**!" Told- JSB
tug -Beclinimc Go- Iff
Cart, lightest and fca i
etrp&fsst cart erer M ;
bnilt, weigLi^r >*s m rsj ;
than iki noasds. H Eg !
iicht is wicht and JCP^fW. '
Our "Pris'-est*' fo3jS
Comforter, cut ran- ft ?«
terd white cotton, 13 R*
light and fluffy, btt K|
72xS0 inches, rero- §§& jfi]
".ar C.00, icv -.Lie ffe&K**l
Eastern Outfitting Co.
1320-1328 Stockton St.
W« fartt'nk Houses Complete
All Cars I cad to Oar Store
Ceuatry Orders Solicited
\
MINERAL SPRINGS,
Located nine miles northeast of Red BluS on
the line of the Southern Pacific Railway.
Cases of RHEUMATISM, GOUT AND ALL
BLOOD DISEASES WILL BK ACCEPTED
I'NDER A GUARANTEE THAT THEY WILL
RE CURED WITHIN A SPECIFIED TIME
OK ALL. EXPENSES. INCLUDING RAIL-
V. AT FARE. WILL BE REFUNDED.
These wonderful Fprinjrs can be reached by
the Southern Pacific Company's tyetem of rall-
«ajfc and its connections throughout the United
Mates „
For rate* of fare and route* of travel apply
to any Southern Pacific Railroad Apent.
For gu*r«nt« or reference to cures effected,
sidrpf* Medical Departn!"nt, Tuscan Mineral
hrri^F* Corp., Tuscan. Cal. |
IDEAL WEATHER
XS TBE EXFBEESIOW OF
rvriiT one ALora tee
California Northwestern R'y
The Pictnresquc Route of California.
Ticket Offices of the Company. €50 Market
rtreet (Chronicle Building), and Tlburon Ferry,
foot of Market street. General Offices, Mu-
tual Life Building, corner of Sar.some and Cal-
lforr.'.a streets, San Francisco.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN,
Gen'l. Manager. Gen'l. Pass'r. Agent.
HOTEL
Del Monte
Tbe ct.1t coif llnki In California with full
IB hoi* roars* equipped with perennial tart
rreeat. Tbia course U provided exclusively lot
tint ruests of the hotel.
POLO, AUTOMOBILINQ,
GOLF AND SWIMMING
The year round. Rates, S3 50 per day and up.
Special rates by the month on appUca-Uoa to
GEORGE W. REYNOLDS, Mrr.
PARAISO SPRINGS
• aiogTEKTrr couhtx. caxm.
The leading: Summer Resort of the
Facific Coast. Hot Soda and Sulphur
Baths, large Swimming Tank, first-
class table. Send for beautiful illus-
trated booklet and rates to F. W*
Schroeder, Manager, or San Francis-
co Agent, ii Montgomery street
DEER
HUNTING.
If you want to jet a. deer, go to triHlta.
Etop at the Willits Hotel. Mendocina County
!« b^et huntiri ground In the State near t«
Fan Francisco. Dt-er season open until Bep-
K.ir.btr ;». tVM. WEIGAND, Prop.
AGUA CALIENTE SPRINGS
OPL'N ALL YEAR ROUND.- Natural hot
tulphur epriacs. temperature 115 degrees. No
fct^sine. Fare fl 10. Sure cure for rheuma-
tl.-m. asthma, kidney and liver troubles. Tub
ir.d hot plunse baths. The largest mineral
wttter (wlmmlnt tank In the State. Compe-
tent lady and gentlemen ma*seurs, swimming
teacher. Special rates from now on. Peck's,
Jl Montgomery Et. THEODOR RICHARDS.
Ajrua Oaller.te. Eonona Co.
VICHY SPRINGS.
3 bCm from Ukiah. Uendodno Co. Natural
electric waters, champagne baths. Only plao«
in tfce world of this class. Fishing, hunting.
Crystal Spring*. Accommodations: tabl» flrst-
fUtt. J. A. REDEMEYER Si CO.. Props.
Campbell Hot Springs.
f Jc hcui-s' rail to Boca; stage for springs con«
iitcts o p. ra. train Ironi city; round trip. In*
(.iiaing ttage. 314 SO, good lor te^sun. Rates.
II" f' »«*¦«£¦
Weekly Call.$1.00 per Year
ADVERTISEMENTS. j
¦Jh©sbtW' 740 Market St. §*M*^VOOD& f0 Cor. Powell & Eddy
ADVEKTISEHEENTC
CATARRH DESTROYS THE KIDNEYS'.
G R *»T L St ILSF^SSSS ~ V^-r'la^ ?*-""* Cures Catarth o! the
Order of Odd Fellows, Lodge 691. ss^^ >- . KidneVS.
In a recent letter says: «'l|[|&Lvfo Allll liF-^r^r Llll —¦
p 1 2mf r m r«'er. lth par r .n c n 'ifr-feaiBf : •• H <° «* **** «* promise En-
peculiar weakness across the small of 4wfc") f il *flgPfiS: : "¦' •^^8*^* dOTSC Pe-ni-112..
the back, so that It was hard to stoop. Ttt t< I : -. 'JHMg^W'^' - Major T. H. Mars, of the First TTis-
and sometimes very painful to walk — H lil" HI -_s consln Cavalry Regrlment. writes from
about. I had used so much medicine /^l^tf^ 1425 Dunning St.. Chicago. 111., the fol-
without deriving any help that I just f&BBBSHml lowing letter:
let it go, until a neighbor was cured of /2fiB«&ll " F °r years' I suffered with catarrh of
Bright's disease by Peruna. That led to „.__ ,JH SSL-^L-^ tno kidneys. I took Peruna for four
my using It, and before I had used ten ~ *&t ytS8*S&^ months, and am now well and strong
bottles I was cured. I consider It almost ~1^^^^Sffl^^S a «d *«** better than I have done for tha
miraculous."— Granville M. Hoy. — ¦ - flMJ fWli past twenty years, thanks to Peruna."—
A Gentleman of Prortilnznce Endorses ' WW *'££?£««. catarrh of the kidneys
Pe-ril-na. Jffl/ KwM with the same surety and promptness
JtfM 'ifi'd that tl cures catarrh of the nos* or
Hon. Louis E. Johnson, son of the late foiL UVA throat.
Reverdy Johnson, who was United fejgfr.^
States Senator from Maryland, also At- <^c »V^— . .
torney General under President John- ¦ X.^£tX ' . ' ' *^\
son. and U. S. Minister to England, and t f^J ¦— ' v^^i*
was regarded aa the greatest constl- I
my knowledge It has caused relief to so I mf^^^n^Smll^EmK^^^^K.^f^iiP^^^
standard- catarrh remedy of ths world "^^^J^^^^/Z^V^^^^^^" !X_^!lI~-I~I — ***' '""JJL- Jgflitl^^^^jl- -,
S It has the endorsement of innumerable ?^g^^^^^^^^§^^^^^^j^^^^=^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Peruna is not a cure-all. It cures Just 2^ > **«» . s "^ \J^ *f\
one disease — catarrh. It cures catarrh 1 (ifln \\.\X\CS *^v3j
""ifcure^caia^h of whatever kind. It Vq^) ]f CU ' '""O (^>'L^^ /
cures catarrh In whatever stage or -> ~^*«^ -*^^^^^^
phase. ****
\ Mr. Geo. King. Deputy Sheriff of Rensselaer Co.. N. T.. for years was \\ cTTar? S*& *W»^^V 1
' a^ well-known merchant of Troy. In a letter from No. 45 King St, Troy, , ~TF i fc*J r5Ty*t^V lllfi
"Peruna cured me from what the doctors were afraid would ',', ,^®STk ffh X^r^^vi /V»
turn into Bright's Disease, and after you have gone through the | \ff§jSr»iaa Ali OK^hiii !\ Y \
* suffering that I have with catarrh of the bladder and kidney trouble ! v®p^ffl/ <^T y iiiJ2Vv>\
and have been cured you are pretty apt to remember the medicine \\ pl^My> ->L wmlM^y^/
"Peruna is a blessing to a sick man. Eight bottles made me a + £§ WkW jOjiWMl *Wf7v-^
well man and were worth more than a thousand dollars to me. I ;; ffflj»Mffl WMWsMk il Vtljlt
['' cannot speak too highly of it. It is now four years since I was !! H^flr iffllffl^S]/''/
¦ troubled, .and I have enjoyed perfect health since. Every spring J ffi'H ifS^ Kfi IB III/ 1
} and fall I take a bottle of it and it keeps me well. I freely recom- j ||W llllfS* In
If you do not derive prompt and satis- be pleased to give you his valuable ad- Ym*^** j \f tftijin Jzal
factory results from the use of Peruna, vice pratis. VV JlltliMl «^
write at once to Dr. Hartman, giving a Address Dr. Hartman, President of
full statement of your case and he will The Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus. O.LONDON', Sept. 6.— Probate has been grant
ed for the late James McNeil Whistler's estate
valued at 150.000.
CHICAGO. Sept. 5.— Earl A. Hodge, a
19-year-old boy, has won the prize for
the best dress hat at the milliners' con
vention which has Just ended here. He
has been in Chicago a year as a hat de
signer. It was through the interest of
a woman milliner who recently "discov
ered" his work that the boy milliner was
persuaded to enter at the convention.
Hodge sent to the convention a shirred
toque of velvet in two tones of the new
prune shades. The lines were long and
Frenchy and at the left front of the hat
two purple military pompoms rose Juant
lly.
Young Milliner Sends to Convention
a Shirred Velvet Toque in
Two Tones.
BOY WINS THE PRIZE
FOR BEST DRESS HAT
Scdden's body vrzs identified by the ar
ticles on the clothing. What were at first
taken to be bullet wounds In the body
¦were found to be lacerations caused prob
nb'.y by contact with the rocks. The
body of Heinrichs has not been recovered
es yet.
NEW" YORK, Sept. 5.— The discovery of
the body of M. A. Seddens in the Nar
rows to-day seems to end all doubt about
the death of young Seddens and his
friend, Charles Heinrichs of Brooklyn,
who started out from the Brooklyn Yacht
Ciub in a twenty-foot launch Just before
the storm of a wwk ago. The young men
eld not return and the swamped launch
¦V.&T found off Sea Gate.
Disaster to Launch From Brooklyn
Yacht Club in Recent Storm
Is Demonstrated.
EODY OF M. A. SEDDENS
FOUND IN THE NAEEOWS
There . will be a girls' field day at the
public playgrounds to-day at Seventh and
Harrison streets. Prizes will be awarded
for the best sand houses and sand pies by
children under 6; for jumping rope by
children frotn 7 to 14 years of age, and
for runningf/by children 10 to 14 years of
age. .The games, will begin promptly at
2:30 o'clock and the public is Invited to
attend.
Girls^Field Day at "Playgrounds.
Railroad Superintendent Is Dead.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 5.— Edward M. .Col
lins, general superintendent of the Mis
souri, Kansas and Texas Railroad, t is
deadS at his home here as the result of a
seemingly slight accident. Several weeks
ago in descending from a 'car he ran a
nail Into his foot, fever resulting from
the injury. Collins was a native of Iowa
and was well known in railroad circles.
Daniel L. Callaghan and Mrs. Florence
Bertaud were united in marriage at a
quiet wedding last evening in the mon
astery of St. Dominic's Church, the cere
mony being performed by Rev. Father
Plus Murphy. J. A. McDonald acted as
best man and Miss Critcher as brides
maid. After the ceremony a luncheon
was enjoyed at a downtown restaurant.
The groom is . a well-kno|wn Insurance
man and the' bride is the widow of the
late Dr. Bertaud. The happy couple will
reside at 2689 Clay street.
Callaghan-Bertaud Wedding.
J. E. O'Brien, who lives at, 474 Waller
street. Informed Special Police Officer G.
J. Delmer yesterday that on his return
to his home at midnight on Friday he
discovered the presence of two men who
we're trying to force an entry into the
house through a basement window.
O'Brien told the officer that one of the
burglars fired a shot at him as he as
cended the front steps of his residence.
The burglars made good their escape.
The prying off of the moldings of the
window left evidence of their intention
to enter the building.
Eurglars Driven Away.
PARIS, Sept. f>. — Mme. Theresa Humbert
was taken to Fresnes early this morninr in
the orison ambulance. She complained of
sickness and was placed in the Infirmary.
The annual meeting of the California
Association Football League was held 'on
Friday evening in the Emma Spreckels*
building. The ' Albiori Rovers, Oakland
Hornets, Vampires, Independents, Occi
dentals. French Rifles and Pickwicks
were each represented by two delegates.
Taliesin Evans was elected president
for the ensuing year, Henry. Roberts sec
retary and Edgar Pomeroy treasurer.
Th© executive committee will be made up
of one delegate from each club.
A football union was also organized to
control all association football In Califor
nia. A temporary executive committee
was elected, as follows: Douglas Ers
kine, J. Condan, A. A. Glarner, Hugh
Williamson and J. Mlchels.
League Elects Officers and Forms a
Union to Control the Game
in This State.
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL
MEN PLAN ACTIVE SEASON
A Btory is current to the effect that the
big deal Just announced is but the fore
runner of one that Is gigantic in com
parison. It Is said the Pennsylvania
Railroad has secured practical control in
the Pittsburg Coal Company, and this,
with the control of the river coal combine
through the Pittsburg Coal Company, will
give the Pennsylvania Railroad control
of one-fourth of the total output of bitu
minous coal In the entire State of Penn
sylvania. As a railroad, by law, Is not
allowed to operate any coal mines, the
holdings will be transferred to the Pitts
burg Coal Company, which will operate
the property.
PITTSBURG. Sept 5.— The Pittsburg
Gazette says contracts have been signed,
under the terms of which George I. Whit
ney of Whitney, Stephenaon & Co. of this
city undertakes to deliver for cash a con
trolling interest in the Monongahela River
Consolidated Coal and Coke Company to
the Pittsburg Coal Company. The trans
fer of control will be through the pur
chase for cash of a majority of the capi
tal stock, deliverable in either common
or preferred shares, or both. The Monon
gahela River Consolidated Coal and Coke
Company is capitalized at $40,000,000 and
its output last year approximated 6,000,000
tons of coal. The combination of inter
ests will represent a total of $132,000,000
and the tonnage close to 25,000,000 tons.
George I. Whitney, who engineered the
Etock transaction, denied that It presaged
a merger of the companies and said what
ever would be done In that, line could not
be until November 1. At that time it was
probably the plan to have the companies
operated under practically one manage
ment or dictation, which could be done to
mutual advantage. They would maintain
their individuality, however, as both com
panies operated in different fields.
Nightcap Party.
The members of Mission Lodge of the
Fraternal Brotherhood have arranged for
a nightcap party to be given in Excelsior
Hall on th« night -«f September 11. It
will be under the direction of the officers
of the lodce.
Pitts burg Company Set
cures Control of River
Combine.
The headquarter officers of the militia
will have target practice at Shell Mound
on September 20.
The Santa Cruz Surf in an Item about
the Naval Militia anndhnces that Cap
tain Nerney, commanding the militia, hav
ing served eighty years consecutively, has
asked to be placed on the retired list.
Newell Vanderbllt, recently unanimous
ly elected captain of Company D, Fifth
Infantry, located at San Rafael, vice
Cheda, passed a most successful exami
nation 1 eiore the examining board. Cap
tain VanderbiJt is one of the most en
thusiastic men of the regiment, has served
many years with the company, is one of
the best shot in the State, having been
awarded the gold medal at the State
shoot, and was commissioned colonel of
the University Cadets at the Berkeley
University.
Upon the retirement of Captain Thomas
A. Nerney, at his own request, from the
Naval Militia it is probable that he will
be succeeded by Commander George W.
Bauer. In that event Lieutenant Roscoe
Howard, in command of the Plnta at
San Dieco t will be advanced to comman
der of the 'militia, vice Bauer.
National Guard Notes.
GIGANTIC COAL
TRUST PRESAGED
Inter Nos Circle is known in the Com
panions of the Forest of America as the
brides' clrcla for the reason that not a
quarter passes but some lady member is
married. For a time every unmarried
woman who accepted the position of sub
chief companion was married before the
end of the term. This occurred six times
Intercession. Recently three of the
members did not wait to occupy the en
chanted chair, but were married, and ia
view of that fact a sum that had been
set aside to furnish souvenirs to all who
should attend the silver anniversary of
the circle on September 10, in the Alcazar
building, will be diverted from its origi
nal purpose and used to purchase wed
ding presents for these three brides. Ttvo
more members of the circle will become
brides before the close of the year.
The Brides' Circle.
George Nalley, a visitor from Windsor,
Sonoma County, was seeing the sights on
Friday morning and while on Grant ave
nue met two men, who invited him to
have a drink. He had several drinks with
them and finally they suggested that he
should accompany them to Golden Gate
Park. They walked along the park and
over the sand dunes till Nalley got tired
and sat down, saying he could not go a
step' farther.
Nalley fell asleep and when he awaken
ed in the afternoon he discovered that
his two companions had disappeared and
so had his gold watch and chain, valued
at $110, and his purse, which contained
about $35 in gold. Nalley reported his loss
to the park police station and gave a de
scription of the two men. Both were of
dark complexion and each wore a dark
sack suit and dark derby hat. One was
about 5 feet 8 inches tall and the other
about 5 feet 4 inches.
Two Men He Met on Grant
Avenue of Crime.
George Nalley of Windsor Suspects
STRANGER FALLS 'ASLEEP
IN PARK AND IS ROBBED
Besides the general committee of thirty
members, there are not less. than twelve
sub-committees at work, with an aggre
gate membership of more than 150 ladies
and gentlemen, perfecting the details of
the arrangements for the festival.
Two literary and musical entertain
ments are contemplated, one to be an
open-air meeting, the other to take place
in the spacious pavilion. Addreses will
be delivered in English by Messrs. Fair
fax H. Wheelan and Henry U. Branden
steln. Professor Ewald Flugel of Stanford
University and Wilh. Zlmmermann will
speak in German.
The United German Singing Societies
will render a number of four-part folk
songs, under the direction of Professor
Rlegger.
The turn vereius will give gymnastic
performances during the afternoon. All
kinds of games for valuable prizes will
be arranged for adults and children.
The officers of the league are: Dr. Franz
Kuckein, president: Ch. W. Arp. vice
president; Wilh. Zimmerman, secretary:
Dr. Julius Voje, treasurer; Dr. G.
Gutsch, attorney.
The German-American League of Cali
fornia, consisting of nearly sixty of the
leading German societies of this city, ia
making extensive preparations for the
celebration of the coming German-Amer
ican day to be held at Glen Park Sun
day, October 4. The celebration Is In
commemoration of the landing of the first
Germans In Philadelphia on October 6.
1683, und«!r the leadership of th© renowned
Daniel Pastortus, a close friend of "Wil
liam Penn.
Leading Societies of This City to
Commemorate Landing of Coun
trymen in Philadelphia.
At the first of the fall meetings of the
Corona Club held last Friday in Mission
Masonic Hall there were present many
guests, it being an open meeting. The
first number on the programme was a
6oprano solo by Miss Wadsworth. She
was followed by President Culllnan of
the Mission Park Association, who asked
the ladies of the club to use their influ
ence with their voting friends to vote
for Mission Park, "for," said he, "to use
the words of Rev. Father Crowley, 'the
Supervisors have given the Mission the
County Hospital, the dog pound, the pest
house and the almshouse; now we want
something nice.'" The Mission district,
he added, had one-fifth of the entire vot
ing population and Its wishes ought to
be respected.
Miss Reed then sang a contralto solo,
after which the Rev. Mr. Rader deliv
ered a most interesting lecture on Rem
brandt, describing his splendid Dutch
conscientiousness and devotional spirit."
He spoke of his early life, his place
among the painters of the world and
cited that his merit was not appreciated
until after his death, for while he died
a poor man, one of his pictures after h »
death sold for $31,000. The lecturer then
described a number of Rembrandt's paint
ings, such as "The Rainstorm on a Sum
mer Day," "Jesus Preaching to the Mul
titude" and others, saying that in hi?
works he developed the poetry of the
commonplace and was the artist of the
ordinary. The programme closed with
two numbers by Miss Greeniger, "Thou
Art to Me" and "Love Is a Bubble," af
ter which the members and guests ad
journed to the banquet hall, where a dain
ty luncheon was served.
Interesting Programme, Including a
Lecture on Rembrandt, Fol
lowed by Luncheon.
By the terms of the will the family res
idence of the deceased, the principal as
set of the estate, Is bequeathed to Sen
ator Bard's wife, Mary F. Bard, "because
she recently raised a mortgage of $5000 on
the place and has during her lifetime)
done many things to show her lov© for
her mother."
To Clara W. Bard Is left the household,
furniture and the piano of the deceased,
and many keepsakes named In a docu
ment not filed with the will are left to
F. W. Gerberdlng. The much prized cab
inet of curios owned by the deceased la
left to her other son. Otto Gerberdlng:.
The will of the late Mary J. GerberdlnR,
who died a few days ago, was filed for
probate yesterday. It Is holographic and
was made June 8, 1003. It disposes of an
estate estimated to be worth $15,000. Th<»
executors of the will are Senator Thomas
F. Bard, son-in-law of the deceased, and
F. W. Gerberdlng, a son. They are to
act without bonds.
Mary J. Gerberding Rewards Her
Daughter In Her Will, Wiicb.
Was Filed Yesterday.
LEAVES FAMILY JiESXDENCE
TO SENATOR BARD'S WIFE
ARRANGE TO CELEBRATE
GEBMAN-AMEBICAN DAY
CORONA CXUB OPENS DOORS
TO MANY INVITED QUESTS
Calaveras County was represented by
Assessor W, M. Nuner Jr. and other of
ficials. Its assessment last year was
$5,557,900. This year's assessment is
$5,972,125. The Assessor said that some
Assessors claimed, judging from the
newspaper reports, that over 25 per cent
of the mortgages are assessed for less
than their face value. If such Is the
case, said Assessor Nuner, the money
lenders are surely not good busings
men, else they would not loan more than
the market value to tjie holders of such
property, nor can he understand why 25
per cent of the mortgages should not be
assessed at the cash value, for in Cala
veras County there are only ffc'e mort
gages assessed at less than the face
value and they are mortgages given un
der peculiar circumstances.
Labor conditions are much disturbed
on account of strikes among the miners.
The town of Jackson is dependent on the
mines. Whenever a strike occurs busi
ness becomes paralyzed. The dispute
between the Western Federation miners
and' the American Federation of Labor
has had something to do with the un
settled condition of Amador County.
Should any more strikes occur the af
fected mines will close down perma
nently. ¦ '
There has been a decrease of 100 In
the school census. Timber land is al
most inaccessible. There are seventy
vacant houses In Sutter, Creek on ac
count of the closing down of some of the
mines. Amador's assessment in 1902
was $4,498,930. The assessment for this
year is $4,796,533.
Amador County was represented by
Assessor John Marchant and. other
county officials. The Assessor said the
condition of the mining industry in Am
ador County is not encouraging. There
is only one dividend-paying mine in op
eration. The Kennedy mine has not
paid any dividends in the last three
years. Last year the mine was assessed
for $114,000. This year it Is assessed
for $155,000. The Argonaut has been
idle since its litigation with the Ken
nedy mine, although it won the suit.
The Argonaut mine Is assessed for be
tween $50,000 and $60,000.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 5. — Supervisor
John Fritz of Modoc County waa the only
representative of that county before the
State Board of Equalization this morn-
Ing. Modoc is a stock-raising county,
although the price of stock is depreci
ating. The principal grain grown is
wheat, twenty bushels to the acre. This
year the yield was not up to that of
former years. There has not been much
new property added to the assessment
roll. The assessment on all town prop
erty was increased and there was an in
crease on every class of property. In
1902 the assessed valuation of Modoc
County was $3,216,423. This year it is
$4,076,680. Generally speaking the
county is in a prosperous condition.
VICTOR, Sept. 5.— A mass meeting, at
tended by several thousand citizens of
Victor, was held this afternoon. The
speakers were strong in their denuncia
tion of Governor Peabody's action in
sending the troops to the district, but
counseled) their hearers to treat the sol
diers with consideration and respect. Res
olutions were adopted declaring that mis
representation was employed In Inducing
the Governor to send troops to the district
and condemning the Governor's action as
"unwarranted by the facts and anarchis
tic In its inception, spirit and conse
quences."
The resolutions declare that the Cripple
Creek district is as peaceable as any in
the country, and protest against the in
vasion by the troops and the threatened
establishment of martial law. /
Everything has been quiet in the Crip
ple Creek districts since the arrival of the
military forces and it is thought that the
mere presence of the guard will serve to
quell the spirit of lawlessness which has
prevailed throughout the great mining
district since the early part of the week.
Last night military picket posts were sta
tioned all along the line of the Colorado
Midland Railroad from Divide to Cripple
Creek as a precautionary measure against
any attempt that might be made to blow
up the trains carrying arms and supplies
to th© forces. No trouble was experienced.
DENVER, Sept. 5. — A special to the
News from Cripple Creek, Colo., says the
usual Saturday night crowds were on
the streets to-night and It was as
peaceable as usual. A member of the
Mine Owners' Association said to-night:
The miners will now be given an opportu
nity to work and in the event of their refusal
miners will be imported into the camp. The
mine owners are determined to start up their
mines and they will do so. Union or non-union
men will not be discriminated against. They
will have to go back under the agreement of
1894.
Labor day will be celebrated by the
miners on Monday as usual, notwith
! standing the presence of the troops.
COLORADO SPRINGS, Sept. 5. — The
State military forces which were or
; dered to the Cripple Creek district yes
! terday afternoon by Governor J. . H.
Peabody, under the command of Briga
dier General Chase and Adjutant General
Bell pitched camp about three-quarters
of a mile from Victor at daylight this
morning near the Stratton Independence
mine.
| In all there are now about 1000 equipped
| militiamen in camp and others have been
1 ordered to the scene of the trouble by
I Brigadier General Chase, including one
I troop of cowboy cavalry from. Meeker,
; Colo. By to-morrow morning the military
forces will have been increased to upward
of 1200 men. '
Labor Day Celebration Not
to Be Disturbed by
Troops.
Conditions in Modoc, Ama
dor and Calaveras Are
Described.
Equalizers Hear State
ments of Interior
Assessors.
Owners Determined to
Start Up Their
Mines.
CRIPPLE CREEK
STREETS QUIET
OFFICIALS GIVE
COUNTY FIGURES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1903. -
24
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE DOCTORS WHO CURE
SAIM FRANCISCO'S LEADING PHYSICIANS and EXPERT SPECIALISTS
tWE TREAT AND CURE
CATARRH. Noss and Throat Troubles. Nerrous Diseases. Kidney
•nd Liver Diseases. Bladder TrouMes. Heart Disease. Diseases of
the Stomach and Bowels. Piles, Fistula »ni Rectal Dliea»»!, Fem»i (
Cdnplalnts. Chronic Diseases of Women and Children. Rickets, Spin. *
al Troubles. Skin Diseases. Deafness Asthma. Bronchial and Lur.j
Troublea. Rheumatism. Hay Fever Neuralgia. Hysteria. Ear DU-
rases. Goitre or Bl* Neck. Varicocele. lost Manhood, etc. : Blood
Diseases. Private Diseases. Scrofula, and all forms of Nervous an!
Chrcnlc Diseases (that are curable).
OTJB MOTTO: A low fee.? t^^^\.
inick cure, mild and painless Jr -^^>N
Consultation la person or /«». '^C^aajJjreSl.
by letter frea to all. Call or /&* *^*^gpRt
Dr. A. J. Shorn. jj Wrlte - \ o (\ tyffij
HOME CURES BY MAIL 1L. Jf
Do not despair because you 11 v« at a distance from the city. Dr*. •
Shores" n*w system of HOME TREATMENT makes !t »r»«y to rst
expert advice and treatment at home. Their new symptom b'anic
covers every symptom of disease which enables them to JlaKnoas JV- n&$/ ft 4*
your case and tell you what your trouble la. what can be don« for j£jtv*$x%t*zSr
you, and what the cost of a cure will be. WRITE If you cannot <« 9 > '*$/%'****
call for their new symptom list and take advantage of the FREE X^/Jv _"£i "^
EXAMINATION. Whether you take treatment or not. th« ad- •;
vice costs you nothing. , Dr. O. W. SlurM.
WEAK MEN 4 PAY WHEN CURED
If you suffer from any of the weaknesses w « cure you first and then ask a REA-
or diseases caused by Ignorance, excess or SONABLE FEE when you are cured. You
contagion TOU ARE THE VERY PERSON can depend upon our word; thousands of
WE WANT TO TALK TO.. patlenu have Indorsed us. NOW. WE
We have proven our akin In curing- WANT TO CUKE TOU with the dlatlnct
CHRONIC diseases by publishing? the many understanding that we wtll not demand a
voluntary testimonial* from home people. f EE u , ntl1 we cu 1 "* y°a- This applies to
giving names, pictures and addresses. L«o»t Manhood, Seminal Weakness, Sper>
u/a Pant PlihlUh Our Cwrvx. ¦ In rnatorrhoea. Varicocele. Diseases of the
WC l»ani ruoiisn UUT lUreS in Prostate Gland. Unnatural Losses Gonor-
Private Disease*. rhoea. Gleet. Stricture, etc.: Contagious
rnvdie Diseases. Blood Polson aad ALL weaknesses at
Because It would betray confidence. Hence men.
we hav» to prove our skill in tklm class of OFFICE HOtTRS: 9 a. m. to 4-30 n. m •
troubles In another way. ( This la our plan. Evenings 6:30 to 8; Sundays 10 a. m to XX
Drs. Shores & Shores, Expert Specialists, 933 BM M jSSi l a^ tl .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"DIAMOND MARKET
AFFECTED."
This was predicted about one year ago
Time alone has proven the assertion, but.
like all former triumphs of science this
wonderful gem (Sapph Diamond) has had
to prove its way to victory. a
These gems so closely rival the real dia-
mond in hardness ttiat they are cut in
the same manner, receiving that high
Polish which causes them to burst forth
with that prismatic fire and brilliancy so
characteristic of the real product. J. c
DAVIDSON has but one agency estab-
lished on this coast, and that fa at 124
Kearny street, San i'ranclsco. Cal.
"BEWARE"
Of any one offering inferior substitutes
or clalmlnsr to represent me. \
No electric lights used, "only at night."
"DAVIDSON'S GEMS"
Are demonstrated side by side with real
gems and guaranteed to retain their phe-
nomenal luster. Reconstructed -rubies
emeralds, sapphires and pearls, that
would foil the best ot experts. Direct im-
porters of Australian and Hungarian
opals, world's greatest diamond Imita-
tor. J. C. DAVIDSON; catalogues.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
' San Francisco, Sunday. 6 September. 1003.
Closed to-mcrrow and Wednesday. September
7th and Oth. Open Tuesday as usual.
Mahoganized Birch
«
One of the most usenil woods on the market is
birch. It is a hard wood, and when well finished in
mahogany color very few people can tell it from the
genuine mahogany. »And of course birch is much less
expensive.
Take, for instance, this mahoganized birch chiffonier
shown above. We offer it this week for $12.50. The
stock will probaSly last the week out, but come Tues-
day if you can — we close Monday and Wednesday.
A Dutch dining-room set now in our east window is
attracting attention. Patterned after the old Father-
land type of furniture designing and in the popular
weathered oak finish. Quaint looking pieces, but very
effective.
(Successors to California Furniture Co.)
957 to 977 Market Street, San Francisco
ADVERTISEMENTS. \
A Ridd8 CoBtest for 0Id aod Y °n°* \|J
•* -/^Swlsf * J|M ' w ver 7 9a * •*? Opea (o All f||
¦^iU^ftj fc Oae DcadrHI ted Klnttyoae Prizes Vutfti trim if
(lOOt* $2.50 for the test selected riddles Ill
OjP^k GROUND CHOCOL AT E M
1 A BEAUTIFUL "SARONY"!
\ | IN BLACK, WHITE AND RED [ ¦ '
| FREE NEXT 5UNPAY]
MEDITATION.
TRAIN NEWS AGENTS AND ALL NEWSDEALERS SELL THE CALL
Price 5 Cents. Price 5 Cents. Price 5 Cents.
3 THEY ARE FRAMING THE CALL ART SUPPLEMENTS I
h I The Following Art Dealers Are Making a Specialty of^raming Call Art Supplements: I
£ SACRAMENTO — Hevener, Mier & street; Gage's art store, 509 East SAN DIEGO — W. P. Fuller & Co.,
j Co.. 615 J street; C. N. Davis, book Main street; Weber's art store, 425 71 F street.
: store. 81" K street. East Main street. FRESNO — Sronce & Dick,
r PETALUMA — H. S. Gutermute, J. MARYSVILLE — G. W. Hall. REDDING — \V. H. Bergh, "Bergh
) M. Wyckoff. • OAKLAND — E. J. Saake. 13 Tele- Furniture Company"; T. J. Houston,
M SAX JOSE — George Dcnne, M. Len- graph avenue; A. A. Barlow, 369 Houston Furniture Company.
i zen & Son. Twelfth street. REDWOOD CITY — W. L. Kline.
STOCKTON — Morris Bros. 1 book ALAMEDA — C. P. Magagnos, 13B8 SANTA CRUZ — H. E. Irish. Cooke
1 store. 20 El Dorado street; Park street. Bros., F. R. Hew, George Hoban.
j Stockton Racket store. 711 East Main CHICO — Fetters & Williams. JACKSON — E. G. Freeman Co.MEMBER OF THE INDEPENDENT ORDER OF FORESTERS WHO
WILL DIRECT THE DANCING AT CAMP TAYLOR ON ADMISSION
DAY AND TWO OF HIS ASSISTANTS.
New Express Company Enters Field.
DENVER, Sept. 6.— The Globe Express
Company, with general headquarters la
Denver and with a capital stock of $5,000...
000, will begin active operations on Oc
tober 1 succeeding to the business of
the Denver and Rio Grande Express Com
pany and the "Western Express Company
and taking over all their contracts, stock
and operating equipment. The company
will enter the field wherever contracts
can be made with railroads and negotia
tions are now under way for an entrance
into the Pacific Coast territory.
Camp Vacation Is etlll open and will remain
open till September SO. At no tlms has th»
climate been more delightful than it la now
along the Russian River, from Foreatvlllo to
OuernevUla to Camp Vacation— theae latter
months of the year betas. In fact, tha preferrea
r0 There U boatln* all alon» and between
Guemevillo and Camp Vacation, four mlle« la
a ¦tretch. The water la Just right for bathinj
and blade bass are freely caught. The night*
ara lovely and Venice never furnished any
pleasure greater than Is experienced here ir»
the evening gently gliding In a boat over tha
nlacid water* of the river above the dam.
Tha trains of the California Northwestern
n 7 y,\\\ continue running direct to the Camp
till the end of the month. Take boat at TiBu*
ron Ferry- *
Camp Vacation.
The police and the Coroner's investiga
tion developed the fact that the woman
and her children had died from poison
ing. It Is believed that the family agreed
to end their lives together. Charles
Leisy, a brother of the dead woman, ex
pressed the opinion that fear of her hus
band, Fred LJnegar. from whom she was
divorced, was the cause of the act. Line
gar is in Switzerland, but according to
Lelsy he had written a letter to hia
former wife announcing his intention of
coming to this country. Leisy said his
Bister expressed fears that she would suf
fer violence at his hands. The family
were not in want, as Airs. Leisy had a
small account with a local trust com*
pany.
PHII^ADELPHTA, Sept. 5.-The bodies
of Mrs. Rose Lelsy, 35 years old, and her
two children, Gottfried, aged 16. and
Mary, aged 15 years, were found by tha
police to-day in their home on German
town avenue. The mother and son lay oa
a couch clasped In each other's anna, and
the daughter's body was lying on three
chairs at the foot of the couch.
Woman and Her Son
and Daughter Agree
to End Life.
CHILDREN DIE
WITH MOTHER
NEW. YORK, Sept. 5.— The German
freight steamer Schienf els. Captain Groot,
which arrived this afternoon, from Cal
cutta, via Boston, collided with and sunk
the five-masted schooner Jennie R. Du
bols of West Mystic, Conn., bound from
Philadelphia for Boston with 3300 tons of
coal. The collision occurred Beven miles
southwest of Block Island, during a
dense fog. The Schlenfels;. boats rescued
the entire crew of eleven" men.
Schooner Is Sunk by Steamer.
The excursion via Southern Pacific, arranjed
for September 17, will show the wonderful
canyon In. the golden light of autumn. Thou
sands have seen the valley this season and
another thousand should see It when, aa now,
the air is like rich old wine. The rate. $48 50,
Includes fare both ways, sleeping car. stage,
hotel, carriage ride in the valley, horses and
guides for Mirror Lake, Vernal and Nevada
falls and Glacier Point. The big trees nre In
cluded In the trip. Itinerary at Information
Bureau, 613 Market street. •
Great Opportunity to See TTosemite at
Small Cost.
BURLINGTON, Conn., Sept. 5.— A
cloudburst in the Farmlngton River Val
ley, near Burlington, this afternoon led
to the wrecking of a passenger train on
the New Hartford branch of the North
ampton division of the New York, New
Haven and Hartford Railroad. The train
of three coaches toppled over on Its side
and about a dozen passengers were in
jured, none of them seriously. Had the
coaches fallen in the opposite direction
they would have gone Into Farmlngton
River.
The cloudburst washed out about 100
feet of the track at a point where the line
makes a curve. The engineer did not see
the danger point until his engine crossed
it and parted from the tender and cars.
The cars then toppled over.
The storm throughout this section was
the worst in many years.
NEW HAVEN. Conn., Sept. 5.— An
electric storm o'f great severity swept
across Connecticut this afternoon. At
Thompsonville the storm Is said to have
almost totally ruined the tobacco crop,
one grower placing his loss at $100,000.
According to reports covering a wide sec
tion thereabouts, much of the growing
tobacco will not be worth gathering. Two
men were killed at Stafford Hollow by
lightning.
• ¦
Three Coaches Topple
Prom Rails at a
Washout, j
TRAIN WRECKED
BY CLOUDBURST
St. Louis Breaks Her Record.
NEW YORK, Sept. 5.— The American
Line steamer St. Louis, which arrived
late last night, made the trip from South
ampton to ' New York In six days .seven
hours and forty-nine minutes, breaking
her previous record of six days thirteen
hours and flf ty-flve minutes, which she
made In 1899.
NEW ORLEANS, Sep't. 5.— News has
reached here of the loss of the American
steamer George W. Kelly of the Blueflelda
Steamship Company's line during the re
cent hurricane in the Caribbean Sea,
bound from Blueflelds for New Orleans
with a cargo of fruit. She carried a crew
of fifteen men and one passenger, all of
whom perished.
Fifteen Sailors and a Passenger
Perish, in the Caribbean
~ Sea Tornado.
STEAMER AND CREW
LOST IN HURRICANE
The sixteenth entertainment of the Na
tive Sons' literary and social committee
given In Native Sons' building, August 26,
was under the supervision of Precita Par
lor and It was one of the most delight
ful affairs of the many that have been
arranged by the committee. Dr. J. A.
McGough, president of the executive com
mittee, was the chairman of the evening
and he discharged the duties of that po-
THE Native Sons of the northern part
of the State propose to have a two
days* celebration of Admission day,
September 9 and 10, at Weaverville, Trin
ity County, under the auspices of Mount
Bally Parlor of the Native Sons, which
will be assisted by the membership of
Elrapome Parlor of the Native Daughters
and the Old Settlers' Association.
Mount Bally Parlor Is having a mem
bership boom. On the eve of anniver
sary day that parlor will initiate twenty
or more candidates In the presence of
Grand Trustee Louis H. Mooser, who will
on that date pay the parlor an official
visit. The work the evening will be
followed by a banquet and festivities and
the side team of McCloud Parlor has been
called in to help in the festive time that
Is to follow the closing of the parlor. D.
J. Hall, secretary of "Old Reliable," as
Mount Bally is called, will be the presi
dent of the day during Admission day
celebration. Hon. J. J. Dally of Redding
will be the orator.
On the evening of August 2?'there was
a meeting of the Sonoma County parlors
in Santa Rosa, where there was a joint
initiation of candidates for the several
parlors.
Native Sons.
CHICAGO, Sept. 6.— Secretary' Shaw
was in Chicago to-day on his* way to
Deadwood, S. D., to attend a meeting of
the American Mining Congress. Regard
ing the action taken by him to relieve
the St.' Louis banks from the strain in
cident to expenditures on account of the
Louisiana Purchase Exposition, he said:
The banks at 8t. Louis have advanced di
rectly probably three millions of the ten mil
lions expended upon the exposition grounds and
buildings and indirectly nearly the entire
amount. In addition to this they have ad
vanced two or three millions to concession
aires. They are now facing the annual de
mand for money to move crops and are ship
ping out from $200,000 to $600,000 per day.
The Government has appropriated $5,000,000 to
aid the exposition. This Is applicable only to
meet the current expenditures. To relieve the
present situation I have arranged to deposit
two and a half millions in the banks of St.
Louis and as security the banks will deposit
five millions of State and municipal bonds,
such as New York approves as security for
money belonging to widows and orphans. This,
however, is intended as a temporary loan and
wlll.be gradually recalled as the five millions
appropriated Is expended.
Secretary Says Deposit of $2,500,
000, Fully Secured, Is Tern- /
porary Loan.
SHAW EXPLAINS MEASURES
TO AID ST. LOUIS BANKS
TOPEKA. Kans., Sept. 5.— J. S. Dean,
United States District Attorney for Kan
sas, received orders to-day from the De
partment of Justice at Washington to
begin proceedings against the members
of the alleged coal trust in this State. It
is said that similar orders have been given
to the District Attorney of Missouri.
Action Against Coal Trust.
THE local courts of the Independ
ent Order of Foresters and those
of Oakland, representing nearly
4000 members, will celebrate Ad
mission day for the first time in
the history of the order in this State by
a grand outing and basket picnic at Camp
Taylor. In this they will be assisted by
Companion Court Yerba Buena of the
same order. A special boat chartered to
convey the excursionists so that they
may connect with the train for their des
tination will leave the Sausalito ferry at
9 o'clock in the morning.
Arrangements have been made for a
short programme commemorative of the
occasion, and during the day there will
be music, dancing, games and races.
Thompson P. Jarvis of Court Southern
Heights has been selected as the floor
manager! Ben I. Salomon is chairman of
the executive committee.
The celebration will be under direction
of the following committees:
General committee— J. W. Keller, chairman;
O. K. Brown, Becretary; Lawrence Fitzgerald,
treasurer.
Floor — T. P. Jarvis, James Stewart, E. P.
Blackmer. F. W. Collins. George McVlcor, R.
B. Cook, G. A. Gull. Paul Molter, G. H. Herd
and the following ladles of the companion
court: Mrs. Llllie Petroeka. Miss Mae McCaf
frey. Mrs. Annie Salsitr, Mlrs Eadlo M. Mur
phy. Mn. Ella Hilton, Mrs. Florence Barnes,
Miss Fannie Martdox. Miss Ida Schaffer, Mrs.
Mary Kevins and Miss M. Asperson.
Games — Ben I. Salomon, Ed X. Cameron,
H. C. Reimis. J. It. Hurry, L.. A. Lewis, J.
¦\V. Davidson, H. Rosenfeldt, J. P. Streigel, A.
Johnson, S. Batten, J. C. Lyman, W. J.
Burke, W. H. Forrester, M. L. Gregg, J. Mc-
Caffrey, L. A. Valentine. C. A. Driscoll
Henry Brandtjen, George Harrison, Harry
Rockard, James S. Jaroerson and S. A. Wil-
Mrs. Alma I. Jensen, president of the
assembly, announces the following visits:
To Lagunitas Lodge, Willits. September
22; Golden West at Fort Bragg, 23d; Far
\V>st. Mendoclno, 24th; Cornelia, Ukiah,
28th; Gem of the Valley, Cloverdale, 29th;
Myrtle, Vallejo, October 1, and Crystal,
Suisun, 2d.
Walhalla, the only German Rebekah
lodge of this city, will have six candi
dates to receive the degrees on Septem
ber 12. Miss Emma Greninger, who has
served two terms as noble grand of the
lodge, has been recommended for the
decoration of chivalry. On September 26
this lodge will give an entertainment for
the benefit of the Orphans' Home, when
an excellent programme will, be offered.
Templar Lodge, I. O. O. F., on Septem
ber 1 gave a pleasing entertainment to
its members after the routine business
was over.
Loyal Rebekah Lodge on September 31
had work in the initiatory degree, and
among those who were initiated was W.
I. Brobeck, president of the San Fran
cisco relief committee.
Farnsworth Lodge is arranging for an
anniversary celebration on September 28.
The relief committee of this city is
making arrangements for a series of vis
its to the local lodges.
Fidelity Lodge will celebrate the thir
tieth anniversary of Its institution on the
evening of September 7.
Amity Rebekah Lodge had an evening
at home for members only on September.
5. On the evening of September 12 this
lodge will have work in the initiatory de
gree and on the following Saturday there
will be an open meeting, when an amateur
performance will be presented for the en
tertainment of friends.
Mrs. Minnie F. Dobbin, past grand of
Jubilee Rebekah Lodge, and her mother,
Mrs. M. Perry, accompanied by Mrs.
Mathew Lindsay and Mrs. Edith Clark of
Amity Rebekah Lodge, are visiting
friends in Seattle, Wash. Mrs. Dobbins
writes: "The party is having a glorious
time, being entertained in royal style by
the Seattle Rebekahs."
THE Odd Fellows' Hall Association
has declared another dividend, the
nfty-iirst. The amount is 5 cents
per share and will be payable from and
after the 15th inst.
The Odd Fellows.
lard.
Prize— Dr. E. H. Mercer, Dr. H. M. Beck.
William Stewart. I. Citron, Charles H. Hol
comb and M. L. Gregg.
The American Forester Review, pub
lished by Jacob Isabel In San Francisco,
was declared to be the official organ for
the Pacific Coast States.
After the election the new supreme chief
ranger appointed his special committees,
and selected John J. Cordy of California
as a member of one of these committees
on emblem and markers, the only recog
nition California received except the ap
'polntment of H. Goldman on the regular
committee on written and unwritten work
! and C. R Rendon on the committee on
j endowment fund.
An effort was made to abolish the pres
ent ritual, but It failed, and instead the
supreme body adopted a long form and
short form ritual, and courts may use
either. The long form is what was in the
past known as the Indian ritual, and the
short form Is the present one somewhat
curtailed by Representative Wolfe of this
State, the author of the one now In use.
The two-form ritual will go Into effect on
the 1st of next January.
The statistical reports show that on the
1st of last July the numerical strength of
the order was 221.997, distributed in 1752
courts in various parts of the Union. The
net gain 1n membership during the year
was 72S7.
PROVIDENCE, R. I., Sept. 5.— The Su
preme Court of the Foresters of America
has closed a five days' session. The fol
lowing named were chosen officers of the
supreme body for the current term: J. F.
Kelly of New Jersey, supreme chief
ranger; W. A. Hogan of Massachusetts,
sub-chief ranger; H. W. Mace of Penn
sylvania, treasurer; E. M. McMurty of
New York, financial secretary; F. F.
Schulz of New York, recording secretary;
M. S. Clark of Ohio, medical examiner;
J. S. Lyddy of Connecticut, senior wood
ward; William H. Doolin of New York,
junior woodward; D. E. Hunlhan of
Pennsylvania, senior beadle; J. J. Doyle
of New Hampshire, junior beadle; John
J. Flynn of Massachusetts, James H.
Gregory of Rhode Island and S. K. Bowes
of Washington, trustees; John J. Groves
of New York, A. F. Schrank of Pennsyl
vania and F. H. Wall of Connecticut, aud
itors.
The supreme councilor visited the coun
cil at Berkeley in the early part of last
week, when five strangers were initiated.
He delivered an interesting address upon
the condition of the order. On August
28 ha visited the council in Alameda,
where there was an open meeting, an
entertainment and a social evening. He
addressed the meeting at length and cre
ated a favorable impression.
Volunteer Council at its meeting on Au
gust 26 had a number of candidates to
initiate. This council, one of the most
active in this city, is making good pro
gress.
SUPREME COUNCILOR TUGWELL.
left last week for the northern part
of the State for the purpose of vis
iting the councils in that section of the
State and laying a proposition before the
membership for winter work. Upon his
return he and the other supreme officers
will start an aggressive campaign in San
Francisco for the purpose of increasing
the membership and steps will be taken
for a large class initiation with the idea
of securing at least 500* candidates for
admission into the several councils. An
effort will be made to have the councils
of Alameda County join in the proposed
class initiation.
Order of Pendo.
Officers Are Elected in
Session at Provi
dence.
SUPREME COURT
OF FURE5TERS
On the evening of August 29 the execu
tive committee of the Native Sons' lit
erary and social committee had its first
banquet in one of the fashionable rotis
serles. This was partaken of by Dr. J.
A. McGough, chairman; Dr. E. L. Better
ton, secretary: W. P. Johnson, the
founder of the committee;* George J.
Stockwitz, William Martin, Henry Dfthl,
H. O. Rogers, N. W. Hall, C. J. Turner,
H. H. Keene. W. F. Kaiser, J. Rose, J. F.
Twomey, J. J. Ryan and A. J. Mazzlnl.
After a most excellent supper had been
discussed by this group of Native Sons,
one of the most congenial aggregation of
young men who ever formed an associa
tion for a common purpose, H. H. Keene,
chosen toastmaster, called upon every
one to say something either reminiscent,
advisory or amusing, and each did his
part well. During the evening Ernest C.
Stock, a special guest of the committee,
was elected an honorary member of the
'committee and was also called upon to
say "his little say." From a statement
made by the chairman of the committee
it appears that the committee is In a
most prosperous condition and that its
efforts during the past year to foster the
social feature of the order of Native Sons
has met with deserved encouragement
and the different parties given have done
much to attract strangers to the order.
El Capitan Parlor of the N. S. G. W.
gave an entertainment to Its friends " In
Golden Gate Hall last week, when the
following programme, arranged by Mau
rice Sullivan, Mose Uri, Walter B.
French, Milton E. Morris, Gerald R. Grif
fin, James E. Shean, William Taylor, P.
T. Brown, J. Jewell, W. J. O'Brien, A.
Black, J. Schrader, A. F. Shannon, A.
Joost, H. H. Coburn, A. W. White, J. F.
Rock, E. E. Moore, Al Rubin, J. E. Com
ny, L. E. Bylngton and W. R, O'Neil. was
presented: Vocal solos by E William
Sweeney and Raymond French; ' xylo
phone duet by Harrold Overbeck and Lil
lian Barr; vocal selections by H. B. Dow
dan. F. Keyser, J. Lewis and Gus E.
Dorn, composing the Oriental Quartet;
monologues by' Elton Lambert and Louis
Latlne; fancy Jig by J. Overbeck and a
farce in which Edward Healey and Raph
ael Henean took part.
Precita Drum Corps will give a mas
querade ball in Eintracht Hall October 24.
sitlon with an ease and grace that won
fof him many compliments. Peter J. Cur
tis was the floor manager during the
dance that followed the entertaining pro
gramme and James M. Hanley his assist
ant Twenty-six members of Precita Par
lor ably discharged the duties of recep
tion and floor committees. The pro
gramme Included selections by the or
chestra, a contralto solo by Miss Etta
O'Brien, the popular young Native
Daughter; specialties by Elton Lambert,
comic songs by Messrs. Webb and Far
rell, ballads by J. G. Preston and a con
edy entitled "The Baron's Wager," in
which the leading characters were Miss
Pauline Lord and Jerome H. Kann. The
very large attendance testified to the pop
ularity of the entertainments given by
this committee.
INDEPENDENT FORESTERS TO OBSERVE
ADMISSION DAY IN THE REDWOODS
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL/ SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER- 6, 1903.
25
JOE BOSENBEBG'S.' | JOE BOSElTBEBCKa. | JOE EOSEHBEBQ'S. .......
THOUSANDS OF W0MEU
fnS Cc»8ts~ To those v/ho wish
to TPppfOVg th^ foypris h^e a^
: sorTis Fov yoUv Trisp^ctTon-
-Ca 'Divt'no Creature
C-!/j <2% la Op/ rite Corsets,
A corset for the most exacting — for the slender, medium fisrure*.
.^ j /x Price: $L00, $L50 f $250
/ * I { &oyat Worcester (Senu/ne Jfintt).
I *^,. / \ Corset of to-day and to-rriorrow. It is made to meet the demands of the
<*>lfeia£ i -^j«V> \ ; -i A ' s »7 nicst fastidious and exacting women — fashionable and professionals wear
"sytf^^-? : ''-'<r£$t*t' . \i'\:*-r->-Mi them. HUSO $2.00 C? Of) SJk^f)
\l-^ fi»X^Kk\ Van 9/orden jCa'Srecque Corset
¦*' 1^^'- %?^ \^ \ a^ es t l ie heaviest figure shapely and lessens too prominent lines by
* ?*//: ,1/ >', lengthening; made with unbreakable aluminoid boning in twelve different
-%fc» :V Kh! 'W/a shapcs " Pricc: $1 * 50 ' $3- 50 ' 5750
em ° <?*"-&*«''""'»* Corset
S 4^ e standar(^ ovcr w hich a dressmaker can fit with confidence. When
> fi ttec * ? ver 1 her srown will have that chic air of style that shows
--<i | r$^ii\i^'*iw&^* an artistic costume to its best advantage.
Jm^MWwW Xa Vtda Corseis
/^^^W^W^^ivia w@ re ma(^ e fr? m *he finest obtainable materials, also genuine whalebones.
They are built to follow natural lines of the figure and to accentuate
Jl&S^Pl^feiSC*^^Vi % 'stJnfl nature's own graceful curves for slender, medium-stout figures. ""
flfV'"* WM^Wl $3.50> $5.00, $7oO
ffltg^- tyfllri* wAy have your Corset made to order when we can
Ep&^v' ' *£$$$** J f'* most exacting?
ilk *% '-$t$': r j 1 Corsets Sitted &ree Cxperts in jfttendance.
Ml* mm* *®^ r\W5^r|y<' 3?.
OR " ' '^'^^mil^^mk Home of Good Corsets. { >
m&$h'> ' * ; SK 'Wk SI 6 77?arAet and // O' barrel t, San Jrancisco.
mW^m^^i^Smm^^^k mail orders solicited. -
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
STCKlEiAGHE,
Indigestion, Dyspepsia, Constipa-
tion, Biliousness, Heartburn or
Nausea can be quickly cured if you
will only take Hostetter's Stom-
ach Bitters at the first symptom.
There can be no disappointment
because it contains only those in-
gredients that will strengthen the
stomach and cure these ailments.
We urge you to try it the next
time your stomach gets out of or-
der. The genuine must have our
Private Stamp on neck of bottle.
HOSTETTER'S
STOMACH BITTERS.
B-^^e^^^<«^^«vc^Q^^,g
Q visit DR. JORDAN'S great 6
OF ANATOMY^
A CM 15-1 JM2ZITCT. tat. £:h kTJt, S.F.Cil. A
\ , The Ljr^rit Anatomical Museun in the \
Q mrzrCy*. World. Weaknesies cr auy conuactcd g
i. fib; » dis'»»e r»»'«'"l7 rnrod try the oldest T
A hv*? OR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
1 wGj&fo Con«ultation free and Mrictljr prirate. \
O M jB^t Tr«tti»ent prrtor.aliy or b» Idler. A Q
T fi tf VI P—iUn C*rt in every cms« undertaken. T
nPtt 111 Whtffot Book. rniLOKurnvtf A
V I II T SlinBUCE, MAILED FREE. (AW
A. O ir ¥llu *^ le bool< ' or ¦>") >
¥ OB. JODD AN* CO.. 1051 Market St. 8. P. V
yj^B&nM MENANDVi'OMEH.
dg&lj&TnjBLtSsBi UieBifefcrnnnatural
JBEkWim I u t iinM diich»rg*i,tnflniiiE»tioni,
BgStr CutuihI 19 irritation! or clcer»tiopi
SPSm act u •trlctar*. of ma co as ruembr«n«i.
if" *i Tmmwu CvatacUa. Paln>«». and not attrio-
lf7S\THEETIX8C«tlWlC£LC0. jsnt or poliononi.
\-sdk ClltCIKKATI,fl.rE5Ei ••>< *>7 DrnnrUU,
\B8W. B.I-A. "3sSi^ or itnt in pUIn wrapper,
JWOra^^ br «zprem. prepaid, for
WttSmMgWl tl.OO. or 3 bottles «2.7&.
i\jH||ry tk Circuit i*at ca rtistrt.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
CANCER CORED!
"I wai cured by the Electro-Chemic treat-
ment of cancer of the breast without a surgical
operation. The treatment was absolutely pain-
less and Instead of It making me weaker. I
gained ten pounds In weight and gained In
strength in every way during my treatment."
MRS. WILLIAM BARNES, Blocks, Cal.
ipr - " ~ i "-\-
1-. 'Wjjm j
MRS. FREDERICK GOCHIA.
421 L St.*. San Francisco.
"My stomach, liver and bowela were In a bad
condition. My food did me no good: my blood
was weak and my nervous system was a wreck.
Medical treatment seemed to make me worse,
but in a few weeks the Electro-Chemic treat'
ment has worked wonders In my case. My di-
gestion is good, my stomach, liver and bowels
are normal, my blood circulates freely and my
nerves are stronger than in years."
MRS. FREDERICK GOCHIA.
r.:, i; . 421 L St.. San Francisco.
CONSULTATION |-- sr^ ¦— s»— v
X-RAY EXAMINATION ¦ BlUL.
Specialties — Consumption, Catarrh.
Bronchitis, Asthma, Cancers, Tumors,
Deafness, Head and . Ear XTolses, ; Rheu-
matism, Paralysis, neuralgia, Piles,
Diseases of the Stomach, : Liver, Kid-
neys and Boweli. Special Diseases , of
Men and Women. All Chronlo Diseases.
electro=cSem1c~institute,
118 OB ANT AVE., Cor. Post St..
SAN FBAHCISCO.
Office Hours— 9 a. m. to 5 p.. m. and 7, to 8 p.
i m. dally; i8undays, 10 a. m. to 1 p. m. • -
i Separate Apartments Xor Ladles and Gentlemen.
ADVESTTSEMENTS.
h KATSGHINSKI
j Philadelphia Shoe Co.
10 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO.
Adjoining Call Building-.
THE KATSGHINSKI
CARMEN'S UNION SHOE
Showing
Cork Filling
Dops your vrork compel you to
stand continuously? If so these
Fhocs should interest you. They
nre callod Carmen's Union Shoes,
tiut they nre also well adapted for
lott^r carriers, policemen, col-
lectors and men who are compelled
to walk a great deal. They are
made of the best calfskin and are
! unlinfd. They have heavy,
double, hand-welted soles with
extension edges and can be
bought cither \clth London Toes
and Tips or plain broad toes. To
make the shoes. easy on the feet
we have had a cork filling placed
between the Inner and outer soles.
This not only forms a cushion
for the foot but excludes the ,
dampness and makes the shoes
waterproof. Every pair Union
stamped and guaranteed for wear.
The price only 83.OO.
This store will he dosed to-
morrow (Labcr Bay) and will re-
open Tuesday and close at 10
o'clock Tuesday night.
We will also be closed on Wed-
nesday (Admission Day).
B. KATSGHINSKI
Philadelphia Shoe Co. »
IO THIED ET n San Francisco. ||
GOOD I
HOUSEKEEPING
Gtx>D Housekeeping is a " homey "
magazine — original, bright and full
of good cheer. Jt has a distinct fla- I
vor, which fascinates and yet helps I
every member of the family — father, {
mother, daughter, son. Its growth
is phenomenal yet stable— over
j 5 00,000 regular readers every
j month. At least 160 pages each issue
1 j — £nely illustrated by leading artists.
An Illustrated Magazine
FOR ALL THE FAMILY
Writers most frominent in their
respective spheres are contributing
real Good Housekeeping matter, £
covering both the homely details of
everyday work, and, in a' bright and
readable way, the principles underly-
ing all questions affecting home life.
Sl.00 per year— 10 cents « copy.
! A free sample copy to all requesting.
AGENTS WANTED
Goon Housekeeping wants a Mibucrin-
tion representative in every city and to-Jk
in the west, lo those who will give all or
a portion of their time it offers attractive
work and pavs exceedingly liberal commis-
sions. It wj.l pav vou to investigate. A
postal card will brmp particulars. Write
£t once so as to be the f;rst in jour field.
The Phelps Publishing Co. )
Pacify Coast Office,
59 Columbian Etilding, San Fr»nclico, Cal.
AT ALL NEWS STAND8
EVERY WOMAN
xs interested and should know
j«i5?^S. about the wonderfia
MflRVEl WHIRLING
• >o ¦ v\ ¦*»*•«¦ SPKAY
A ci* ''• ¦ ; {\ 1 be new Varlntl SyriBce-
L.'i V?5i N. fl Injection and Suction.
M »Sic S 5 *"^* Best— Safest— Most Con-
'V^VV Csv*5sW. venienu It Clean »ei
Xi^^^^^rv^ Iaaumtly
AfkywrdrBfiistfprtt. % /M§3> ¦-' .^>^~*
If »•«> "nrrnt »uppljr tlie Njp^l ' " : ''!"' : ''G .
9IARYCX. accept no \ \~*Jfo-.
csner. Nst Kftid «t»mr forC'.tflu V M '''/,/.$</
trs" <¦ i-'ii- • *led. Itc:«rsfull V. I '"£
t^Udie-" "Wa H VEL Vi">.. *^4-d : lli 'liitM
Soon 201. Time* B£c tJ*w Tork.
MEN
v yt+ *tr> Vli. HALL'S REINVIGORATOK
r,-*! \SS^ tti ;j.- all lotFPs and unnatural <Jls-
* E charges In 24 hours. You fe«l an
¦an QK improvement from the first ao*e.
oBM mm we have so much confidence In our
lOj JLl treatment that we offer Flv<»
jp9 -)r?j j ¦•.;.'. <ired reward for ary cas» w»
StiklssHlBS cannot cure. This secret remedy
. urtt .oft power, nlfchtly emissions, wasted or-
cans varicocele. gleet, strictures, kidneys, fall-
,i ¦¦ iiemory drains in the urine, gonorrhoea,
ili'iWse of the orcstate glands and all other
terrible effect* of eelf -abuse or excesses, which
J*ad on to consumption and death. Positively
cure, the worst cases In old or young of tha:
condition. Quickness of th« dis-
r ha"*" and «ar.iing to do. and rou can't . 8ent
seal.* .' $2 per bottle, three bottles. $5. Guar-
anteed to cure any case. „...._ ¦* TTrr ,Tr* t. t
Call cr address orders HALLB MEDICAL
INSTITUTE. 855 Broadway. Oakland, Cal
Aleo for «£ «t 10734 Market iU B. F. Send
for fret bock. ___^_______
&C0.^g^.
L j
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Pries Lists Mailed
on Application.
FRESH A2TD SALT SQUATS.
I AC DrtVEC * PR Shippinr Butchers. 104
JAS. DUlta tt tU. Clay. Tel. Main 129*.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS: LEONARD & ELLIS.
418 Front tt.. a. F. hhon« Main 17 IV.
Ef WTTrWCC PRINTER.
L. UUUflCdf 111 S&BSom* St.. 8. 7.
ADVERTISEMENTS. =
0 ooe»©oooooooooooo©o8oooooo©ooeocoooooooooooo
S . , . PALL. SEASON . . . J
1 SEAL BROWN BROADCLOTH |
2 ¦ ' "'''^TJ 2
I Tailor IVIaae buitsf
I The Quality Retailed at $27.50. |
! v U Length qJ y&4 50 I
I SILK LINED COATS $ 1 B / : — I
• Open Tuesday till 10 O'Clock ©
S — SEE OUR WINDOWS— 8
• . Wholesale Manufacturer* •
g JT 1142-1146 MARKET ST. gVIEWS OF THE MODEL OF A NEW MECHANICAL DEVICE DE
SIGNED TO AFFORD THRILLING AMUSEMENT TO THE MULTI
TUDES THAT FLOCK TO THE PLEASURE RESORTS.
FORMER QUEEN NATHALIE OF SERVIA. WHOSE UNHAPPY LIFE
ENTERS INTO A NOVEL. "WRITTEN BY MISS FRANCES GERARD.
AND SOON TO BE PUBLISHED IN LONDON. ,
• : ¦;¦ • ..." ;•
The hit which Mr. Jack London's dog
story made will Increase the interest in
another book by him that Messrs. Is-
Miss Frances Gerard has written the
strange and checkered history of King
Milan of Servia in a book which Messrs.
Hutchinson are to publish. She had near
ly finished it before the tragedy which
wiped out Milan's dynasty took place at
Belgrade. Miss Gerard is already known
for a book dealing with King Ludwlg II
of Bavaria, whose life was also a curious
story. The present volume, which has
much to say of Queen Natalie and some
thing of King Alexander and Queen
Draga, will be entitled "A King's Ro
mance."
LONDON, Sept. 5.— If things remain
very dull In the publishing world
of London, there seems to be
plenty of activity In Edinburgh.
There has been of late quite a
revival at the headquarters of the old
publishing firms of Blackwood, Chambers
& Nelson, this being supplemented by the
establishment in the northern capital of
several new publishing houses. One— that
O f d_ Hay— has now become well estab
lished in 'a picturesque old house in High
street associated with the name of John
Knox. Mr. Sands, the London publisher,
has completed arrangements for begin
ning business in the central part of the
city, while George Morton, long business
manager with Blackwood, has opened
remises just a few doors away from the
famous office with which he has so long
been connected.
"All my works," said Goethe, "are con
fessions." So might Joseph Conrad say
of his. In one way or another they are a
sort of autobiography. They embody his
own experiences of life, personal or vica
rious. When a young boy, Just after he
had taken up the life of a sailor, he
shipped on a rattletrap of a boat run
ning between London and Australian
ports. Out of the Incidents of that voy
age, aiwl glamor of romance which his
youthful hunger for experience threw
over all the dirty work and peril and
hardship, grew the story "Youth," In
the Eastern seas he worked for many
years on both sailing and steam vessels,
and it was during that time he met with
the type of man whom he made into
the hero of "The End of the Tether," tHo
steadfast, faithful captain of the steamer
Sofal* The experiences which crystal
lized Into the weird and powerful story
of the African Jungle, "The. Heart of
Darkness." he deliberately -went out to
seek. In 1831 he -went to the Belgian
Congo, ostensibly to command a river
steamer, but in reality prompted by his
curiosity to see what life actually was In
that "Heart of Darkness." He returned
stricken with fever, the first day's Illness
since he was a boy of 18. How vivid an
impression he brought back only these
who have read "The Heart of Darkness"
can imagine.
bister are to issue In the autumn. Some
time ago he walked into their office and
explained that he had been living for
three months In the East End of London
to study life there. Then he took from h!s
pocket a crumpled manuscript of his
coming book, "People of the Abyss."
The passengers will find accommoda
tions in the car bodies arranged along
*a.ch side of the traveling structure, and
provided with a removable roof and sides
In order to permit ready means of ingress
and egress. The top of the rail Is only 6
feet above the base raiL In actual pracj
tice the cars will be run at a speed about
ten to fifteen miles an hour and will be
caused to col^de at about eight miles an
bour, which will be Quite sufficient for
As the illustrations show, the forward
ends of the pilots of the superimposed
tracks are provided with rollers and skids
which are so designed that one car shall
mount the other without shock. The
f>kids gently ride up the inclined track of
the car ahead and sufficiently elevate the
rollers of the pilots to permit them to run
upon the superimposed narrow gauge
track without Jar. The car itself follown
with a motion equally as gentle. In
actual Dractlce cars of ll^feet 6 Inches
in iength will be employed, the extreme
length being 43 feet.
Stern's system is rema.rka.bla chiefly
for the daring conception which It ex
presses and for tl*e exceptional Bklll
shown In devising mechanism absolutely
pale in its operation. In It a single track
Is used, on which railway cars are caused
to travel, either In the fame or opposite
direction. When one car meets another,
it 6imply rides over the roof of the oppos
ing car on specially provided rails, gently
rolls down on the other side upon the
track and proceeds upon its way as If it
had never left the roadbed. The photo
graphs herewith reproduced were taken
from an electrically-driven working
model, made strictly according to scale.
The cars, although they run upon
wheels, are really traveling bridges with
overhanging compartments for the ac
commodation of passengers. Over the
framed structure of the cars thus con
stituted, an arched track' Is carried, se
curely fastened to the car and serving
the purpose of providing a roadbed for
the colliding car/ This superimposed
track is built In accordance with well
understood principles of bridge construc
tion. The outer ends of each superim
posed track are designed to form with
the surface of the roadway an overhead
switch provided with specially formed
pilots and with a horizontal axis and a
vertical axl». Upon each horizontal axis
the respective outer portions of the
arched track can swing vertically, and
upon the vertical axis the track can
swing to a limited extent from side to
side. The pilots of the superimposed
track are automatic In their operation.
When they ettfke the car ahead they
immediately travel up the inclined super
imposed way of that car, thereby guid
ing the car to which they are themselves
attached. After the superimposed car
has passed over the car below It, the
rear pilot as It descends will be lifted
and will gradually drop "by gravity to the
roadbed. The permanent roadbed upon
which the cars normally travel and the
superimposed track on each car are of
different gauges. The wheels of the car
resemble those which were once used on
old-fashioned cable railways, formed as
they are with a broad middle flange trav
eling in a centrally grooved track, with
lateral portions of smaller diameter sus
tained by flanges which flank the central
groove of the traak.
An electrical engineer of New York—
P. K. Stern— now comes forward with a
contrivance which proves the scientific
American is fully calculated to tickle the
sluggish sensations of the most blase.
This apparatus is intended to furnish
the delightfully horrible experience of a
head-on collision, without, however, in
juring the passengers who are seated In
the railway cars employed. , ,
The "Ferris Wheel." "scenic railway."
"loop-the-loop"' and other contrivances
have come in their turn and have had
their day of popularity, but the crowd
Is aiiv-ays ready for something new and
thrilling.
INVENTIVE genius and mechanical
Ingenuity are being continually taxed
to provide some new form of amuse
ment, or rather, venturesomeness t to
catch the notice and nickels of the
multitudes that throng our pleasure re
sorts on every holiday occasion.
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Cali
fornia street. Teleuhana Alain 1043. - ¦ •
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candles. 60c a pound. In artistic fire
etched boxes. A nice .present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market St., above Call bldg •
Members of Golden Gate Parlor No. 29,
Native" Sons of the Golden West, will
celebrate Admission day by. an outing
at Kl Campo next Wednesday. There
wUl.be a programme of games, dancing
and literary, numbers In commemoration
of the pioneers of the State.
Natives at El Campo.
The facts may be profitably read by the taxpayers, alongside of the Labor Union party plat
form and in connection with the bonding propositions to compel the taxpayers of this city and Oak
land to furnish capital for commercial enterprises under municipal ownership^ - \- — _____
The United States is in the printing and bookbinding business in the public 1 printing office
in Washington. The developments in the case of Foreman Miller, who was first turned out of the
bookbinders' union and then out of Government employ, and was reinstated by President Roose
velt, show that he proved that the Government was paying in its own shop 40 cents for work that in
private establishments costs only 8 cents. Being an honest man Mr. Miller was appalled at this. The
Government was paying 400 per cent more for work in its own shop than it could have had the
same work for in a private shop. Miller sought to reform this condition and was expelled from the
union for his zeal. The unions were making the 400 per cent out of the taxpayers,. and regarded it
as treason to their constitution to 'make them supply the taxpayers as cheaply? as private shops
would do it. >
This State has on its hands a commercial enterprise in the State Printing Office. Not Ion**
ago a comparison was made hetween the cost of work in the State office and in private printing
offices. It was found that the same work cost in the State office from 150 to 962 per cent more than
in private establishments. The taxpayers of California are compelled by law to provide the capital
for the State Printing Office, and are compelled to pay for every line it prints, and the cost to them
is so excessively above what it would be in private establishments that it seems like flattery to call
THE proponents of public ownership of public utilities make no .answer to the facts proved in
the case of purely business enterprises already carried on by the Government. The cities of
California are asked to tax all of their citizens to provide capital for investment in commer
cial enterprises. If it will pay to embark in those enterprises they, are able to provide their
own capital. If it will not pay it is tyranny to compel the taxpayer to provide capital for a non-pa}'-
COST OF PUBLIC OWNERSHIP.
Miss Helen Keller says In "The Story
of My Life" that she very early made up
her mind to go . to Harvard. She Is be
ginning her last, year in Radcliffe, which
Is the woman's annex of the university
In Cambridge. A story that has Just
come to light may account for Miss Kel
ler's early interest In Harvard.
Years ago. when a little girl, she re
ceived a doll from the Hasty Pudding
Club of Harvard. The students were at
that time much Interested In a certain
actress and many of them knew her well.
The actress heard from some of the boys
the story of Helen Keller, which was
Just beginning to be known. They club
bed together and bought a doll, and the
actress dressed if herself in the costume
of one of her own characters. The let
ter which the secretary of the Pudding
Club wrote to Miss Keller has been lost
but she has the doll still. '
Authors— even well-known authors
make curious clips sometimes. In one
novel Just out the author has associated
with the villain of the story another vil
lain, a Hindoo, who he calls Naorojl. It
Is Just as If an English author were to
call a North American Indian, Sioux or
Iroquls. by a Mexican cognomen. No
Hindoo that ever lived has been called
Naoroji, which ls'a purely Parsee name";
well known to Londoners by reason of its
being the name of a former member of
Parliament for Central Finsbury, a Parsee
gentleman, who has resided in London
for nearly forty years and Is widely re
spected. To take It as a label for a par
ticularly abominable, murderous Hindoo
man not of Parsee race is rather rough
on Parsees. It puts one in mind of a
rather famous writer "of a serial appear
ing in one of the Illustrated weeklies, who
made a man with a Mohammedan name
swear by Brahma.
A volume of essays on the subject "of
famous lovers in French history has been
undertaken for publication by Messrs
Chatto. It Is by M. Paul Gaulot and has
been translated from the French by Dr.
Charles Laroche.
• v -% • ',¦'¦•• •
I am sorry to say that though since his
illness, a month or two ago, George Mere
dith has made uninterrupted progress
being able to take open air exercise— the
Improvement received a check this week.
In consequence of which he is ag-aln con
fined'to his bed; but I am told that there
Is no Immediate cause for anxiety.
Book Notes.
The latest doctrine is that as a people we do not sleep enough. It is even intimated that in
most of our cities a large number of persons do not get any genuine sleep at all, for the rattle and
bang, the jar and the whirr, going on day and night, reach the bedrooms of the masses and by dis
turbing the nerves prevent thorough restfulness even when sleep is soundest.
It is alleged that the increase of insanity and of various kinds of mania is due~mainly to the
lack of good and sufficient sleep. One authority asserts that unless we can in some way put a stop
to the increasing noisiness of our cities we shall eventually become a nation of lunatics, or at least
approximate it to such an extent that our lunatic asylums will become the most important of our
state structures, and prudent legislators will be liberal in appropriations for them because each .will
perceive that lie himself may be ere long removed from the capitol to the asylum amid the applause
of taxpayers.
It is strange that any well educated race of people should have to be advised to sleep more.
One would suppose that every man and woman of culture would understand the benefits of late sleep
ing and practice it to the fullest extent possible. The experts who are crying out against us for our lack
of sleep say we are living an unnatural life, and it may be so. Still the average American will hesi
tate to believe that his fellow-countrymen are as sleepless and insane a lot as the experts declare.
We live longer than our fathers. Infant mortality has diminished. greatly in the last fifty years.
Many diseases have been well nigh eradicated or rendered comparatively harmless. Our noisy cities
are healthier than were the quieter cities of old, and if we do not sleep quite enough it would seem
that our ancestors must have slept altogether too much, for we have improved upon their condi
tions. When all is said, however, it will do no one any harm to follow the advice of the new teach
ers and sleep as much as one can; for there are many men who are better citizens when asleep than
at any other time. _
WHILE as a people we Americans would be quick to resent any imputation that we are a
race of weaklings, it is unquestionably true that there is something about us which
keeps medical experts continually busy trying to diagnose the national disease. Some
say we are a race of dyspeptics and others say we are a nervous, high strung breed of
gamblers who are going mad. There are various other primary theories as to what is the matter
with us, and then there are secondary theories put forth to sustain the originals.
OUR SLEEPLESS LIFE.
amusement purposes. The Inclined tracks
¦with -which each car Is provided form a
gradient of 25 per cent. The actual power
to mount such a grade Is probably less
than that required to send many a rail
way train around a sharp curve. The
peculiar, "' arched structure, which sur
mounts each car, when considered in con
nection with the permanent track itself,
forms an undulatory roadway upon which
the cars travel with a motion very much
akin to that of a boat riding on a bil
lowy eea. The motorman is to take his
seat on the roof of each car at about the
middle, at which point he will have a
clear view of the track ahead and behind
him. When In operation a central slot
will be used, through which a plow
works, which will take up the current for
transmission to the motor. The rails will
be used as a return.
The fact is that the petty bandits who govern Colombia had a motive, and a low motive,
for defeating the American canal. money was bribing them in the matter, and they
earned it by rejecting the treaty. For the last two months Bogota has been full of agents and lob
byists against the treaty. They were not there to use arguments; for Central American politicians
are proof against reason. They have no proper patriotism, and are subject only to corrupt infln
ences. The astute enemies of the canal wasted no time in talk, and when their purpose was accom
plished, and the treaty was killed so near the time limit fixed for the exchange of ratifications that
it was impossible to reconsider the vote in the hope of a different result, it was necessary to give a
reason. It suited the corrupted legislators and the enemies of the canal who had paid their, price,
to put the blame on Secretary Hay. This would handicap him in future negotiations, whether, with
Colombia or Nicaragua and Costa Rica.
At last the rumor about Colonel Hay's note has been vindicated by its publication, and what
is it? Through our Minister at Bogota, Mr. x Beaupre, Colonel Hay informed the Colombian Gov
ernment that in the event' of failure of the treaty "the United States may be forced to take action
which would be a source of regret to all true friends of Colombia." The obvious and plain mean
ing of that is that, in* view of the alternative provided by our Congress, the United States will be
compelled to take action looking to the construction of the canal by the Nicaragua route, and Co
lombia would therefore lose the canal, to the regret of her friends, if the robber-ridden country
have any. Nothing else was meant and honest men could torture no other meaning out of the note-
Colombia has placed herself in a position now that endangers her own sovereignty over the
canal territory. It lies in the State of Panama. The people of that State have had contact with civ
ilization. Commerce lias passed over the Panama Railroad, foreign merchants are located at each
terminus of that thoroughfare. American warships visit the coasts of the State of Panama, and that
part of the Colombian people have had their ambition roused, and desire to emerge from the preda
tbry and bombastic atmosphere of the country and take on enterprise and put themselves in the
way^'of sharing the world's progress. So they threaten to secede from the Bogota government,
set^ijQi for themselves and negotiate for the canal, which they desire as much as do our own people.
The united States cannot promote such secession. But individual Americans will delight in help
ing it along, and our Government will not hesitate to give the de facto government belligerent
rights, nor to recognize it as a nation as soon as it has given the inland lowdalgos a good thrashing.
Wherever there is a gleam of intelligence in any State of Latin America it is the business
of American citizens co encourage it. If it takes the form of a revolution it is our right to direct re
sults toward the establishment of decent principles of government and to the creation of States in
which the rights of person and property will be respected. This duty will become also a pleasure
in the case of Panama, and there will; be no regret in this country if that revolution starts
promptly and even soon heads in conditions that will compel our interference as we interfered in
Cuba. The besotted government at Bogota may study the Cuban incident with profit, remembering
that we are great people for following precedents.
WHEN the Colombian Senate refused ratification of the canal treaty it was given out
from Bogota that the high hidalgos had been angered by the threatening nature of
the notes of Secretary Hay. Every one who knows the diplomatic temper and habit of
our Secretary of State knew this to be merely a pretext. But admitting that his
notes had been unguarded, what other people entitled to a place in the family of nations would let
an issue of punctilio defeat an enterprise of so much importance to their country and the world?
Americans desirous of the construction of the canal did not believe that Colonel Hay had
done other than wisely in handling the question for his country. HeTs not a man who threatens,
a course of action required it, he would be found advising his own Government in the application
of force; but he is too strong in diplomacy to threaten it in advance, for that is a sign of weakness,
and he is strong and has the world's strongest country at Jais back. \
H-A/y'S F.A.KT.AJUC-A. LETTER.
THE SAN' FRANCISCO CALL^ SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 6. 1903.
THE SAN FRAMOISCQ CALL.
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor . . ... ... . ... . . Address Communications, to W. S. LEAKE, Manager
SUNDAY . ....SEPTEMBER 6, 1903
Publication Office _ <^^^^^fe> .'. Tliird and Market Streets, S. F.
OLD EDINBURGH PUBLISHERS
ARE SHOWING SIGNS OF
AN AWAKENING.
CARS IN COLLISION WILL BE
NEXT FORM OF RESORT
AMUSEMENT.
26
APVEBTTKTiTVTKKTa.
ii!w&£&^^ *fk IS iC^
«r*L Columbia High Speed, \W~>
W? Extra Loud, X P Moulded ©Aj
Jm RECORDS— The Stand- *
|yp ard 50c Record. Suitable
*mj for Graphophone or Phon- Wm
rW ograph. A selection of W^
fflHp several thousand new mjd'
mj pieces. Don't fail to take * «*
§S> advantage of the oppor- ,^3
wWf pHce @gg Z% C regular price jM\Logging Train Kills Two Women.
Requisition for Ventura Offender.
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 5.— Governor
Pardee issued a requisition upon the
Governor of Texas for the return to this
State of Manuel Sepulveda, charged
with assaulting a Deputy Sheriff of Ven
tura County with Intent to Kill July last.
Sepulveda is In jail in El Paso, Texas.
SUISUN. . Sept. 5.— William Andrews
has been tried on a charge of assault
with a deadly weapon and found guilty.
He stabbed a man named Charles Kelly
at Vacaville on August 9. He was sen
tenced to pay a fine of $100, with the al
ternative of fifty days In jail. • ; Being
"short of change," he is serving the
sentence. - ' ; '- -
Andrews Is "Short of Change.'' 1
Perilous Places to Beach
the Summit.
r^bFESSOBS EXPLORE "X
THE KIDGES OF SHASTA
ceTintv I'eaaE'OEnies scramble uver
REDDING. Sept. 5. — Professors W. M.
Boston. J. E. Dwyer and Glen Allen of
the Shasta County and Tehama County
high schools made the ascent of Mount
Shasta last Thursday. They went with
out a guide and reached' the summit by
a narrow and precipitous ridge. At times
their course led them across steep and
dangerous places, where a misstep
Fire Destroys Eureka Buildings.
EUREKA. Sept. 5.-Fire to-day de
stroyed the grocery of the Hinch, Salmon
& Walsh Company and two residences
adjoining. The loss is $10,000 and the ln
gurance $3000.
LOS AXELES, Sept. 5.— The body of
the man who committed suicide In a grove
near the San Gabriel Mission Tuesday
evening, and who for a time was thought
to be a former superintendent of schools
of Newport, Ky., was Identified yesterday
as that of George H. Blake, of Caryville,
Fla. The identity of the suicide was es
tablished by his former employer from
Cucamonga, who stated that the deceased
had served In the Philippines during the
Spanish war. Later he was a school
teacher there. Returning to the United
States, his health wrecked by fever con
tracted In Luzon, he came to this part of
the State, hoping that the climate would
benefit him.
Body of Suicide Is Identified.
MINNEAPOLIS. Sept. 8. — Tho bulldinc la
borers' strike, which was declared August 8.
came to a final settlement to-day at tha meet
ing: of the master builders and laborers. All
differences will be settled by arbitration.
NEW HAVEN. Conn., Sept. 5.— William
J. Bryan has been named as one of the
executocs of the will of Phllo S. Bennett.
who was recently killed while an a coach
ing trip In the mountains of Idaho, and
the value of whose estate Is about $300,000.
Bryan Named as Executor.
It is a parallel case with that of the
Warner's Ranch Indians, who were
moved to Pala a few weeka ago, with
the difference that no place has yet been
designated for the San Felipe Indians.
The San Felipe Ranch contains 11.000
acres in San Diego County and is used
for Btock grazing.- The lessees have
long been endeavoring to Induce the
Government to move the Indians, but
the matter Is only now taken up. The
Indians here to-day say the order to
move has actually been given.
SAX BERNARDINO. Sept. 4.—Repre
sentatives of the San Felipe Ranch In
dians were In town to-day consulting le
gal advice In an endeavor to hold the
lands they have occupied a hundred
years, but now have been ordered to
vacate. .
Anxious Redskins Consult Lawyers
About the Chance of Hold
ing Lands.
SAN FELIPE INDIANS
OBJECT TO REMOVAL
SUISUN. Sept. 6. — Deputies from the
Sheriffs office have taken William Hea
cock to San Quentin and Charles Carl
son to Folsom. The former Is under
sentence of five years' imprisonment and
the latter seven years. On Tuesday they
were tried on a charge of robbery and
convicted. They held up Kti old man
named George Cooper In July and rob
bed him of a small amount of money.
The crime was committed between Sui
sun and Fairfleld. On Thursday they
made an attempt to break out of the
County Jail by digging a hole under the
sink in the jail preparatory to an effort
to reach the walls. Under Sheriff
Grennan discovered the work and the
two prisoners were transfered to the
tanks.
Desperate Robbers Go to Prison.
SAN BERNARDINO. Sept. a. — After
an all day and part of the night session
it seems probable that a truce will be
patched up between the Southern Cali
fornia Fruit Exchange and the San Ber
nardino County Exchange, which -with
drew a week ago. Concessions have
been made by both sides and the inde
pendent shippers will still be allowed to
pack fruit, but all of it will be mar
keted by the California Fruit Agency,
•which absolutely controls all of the
Southern California citrus fruit in the
Eastern market.
- In addition the delegates from all the
local exchanges in attendance at Colton
to-day, where the conference was held
with G. W. Felts, representing the Cali
fornia Citrus Union, referred the com
promise to that body, which meets at
l>os Angeles early in the morning to
ratify it.
Concessions on Both Sides Smooth the
Difficulties in Southern
California.
TRUCE IS FBOBABLE
AMONG THE FRUIT MEN
meant a fall of hundreds of feet. They
made the descent in a little less than
four hours.
The professors stated that they found
much life on the mountain. Honey
bees beautiful butterflies and swallows
and linnets were seen everywhere. Many
varieties of plant life thrive in the
rocky places and beautiful flowers
bloom. They saw the not springs, the
crater lake and the glacier.
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 5. — Governor
Pardee to-day denied the application for
pardon of J. B. Seeley, sentenced to six
months' imprisonment In the Tulare
County Jail for criminal libel. Seeley
Is an old man and he was given a light
sentence on acqount of his age. He had
a quarrel with a merchant In that cqun
ty and distributed printed circulars ac 1
cuslng the merchant of offenses. Gov
ernor Pardee refused to interfere, hold
ing that as Seeley had received a light
sentence for the crime of which he was
convicted Is not entitled to executive
clemency.
Governor Refuses a Pardon.
SPOKANE. Wash.. Sept. 5.— The first
serious break here in the strike of the
linemen of the Pacific States Telephone
and Telegraph Company came this
morning, when five strikers, after hold
ing out two months, went back to work.
All are said to be married men with
families.
The strikers who remain out have Is
sued a statement stating that they arc
prepared to stay out two years if nec
essary. The telephone girls are also
still on strike.
Five of the Telephone Company Em
ployes at Spokane Return
to Work.
LINEMEN WITH FAMILIES
WEARY OF THE STRIKE
SACRAMENTO, Sept 5.— Governor Par
dee to-day received from Governor Sparks
of Nevada a reoly to" his message sent
to the Nevada Governor yesterday. Gov
ernor Sparks stated that Murphy and
Woods are in the Reno jail and were
placed there by officers of that State, and
that he would give the matter of ex
tradition consideration later. He asked
if the California officers could Issue re
ceipts at Reno assuming all liability of
escape of the prisoners.
Governor Pardee replied to Governor
Sparks' message, statinc that it would
be satisfactory to him. If agreeable to
the Nevada authorities, for the Reno offi
cers to deliver the prisoners to the Fol
som State prison and that while they
are here they can li.e their demands and
proof of capture with the State Board of
Examiners in this city.
Governor Sparks to-night acquiesced in
Governor Pardee's suggestion, and the
Nevada officers will deliver the prisoners
at Folsom. They will then "present their
claims for the rewards to the Board of
Examiners, but it Is a disputed point
whether they will be paid their expenses.
If California officers brought the men
their expenses would be paid. The requi
sition will be forwarded to-night-
A large crowd had assembled to wit
ness the ceremonies. The participants
filed into the enclosure. Vice Commis
sioner Wong walking with .President'
Francis and Mrs. Wong with John Bar
rett. Many of the participants wore yel
low, triangles, on which was a blue
dragon— the Chinese colors. President
Francis wore in his buttonhole a spray of
Chinese lilies, which had been given by
the vice commissioner.
Barrett introduced Vic© Commissioner
W T ong to President Francis, who pre
sented him to the audience. At this Junc
ture the flags which had been drawn ta
the top of the poles in knots wer»
"broken out."
Mrs. Wong, assisted by Commissioner
Barrett, unfurled the Chinese flag. Mrs.
F. W. Lehmann unfurled the American
flag. Each flag was dipped three time»
to salute the other.
ST. LOUIS. Sept. 6.-Tha Bite on which
the Chinese Government will erect a re
production of the palace of Prince Put
Lun as Its national pavilion was dedi
cated to-day with speeches, the unfurling
of flags and the drinking of toasts from
a loving cup. The entire suite of the Chi
nese Government In St. JLouis, including
the family of the vice commissioner, at
tended the ceremonies.
Nevada Governor Con
sents to Extradition
of Convicts.
Mrs. Wong Unfurls Chi
nese Flag at the
Pair Grounds.
JAILED FELONS
TO BE RETURNED
SITE OF PALACE
IS DEDICATED
REDDING. Sept. 6.— While playing
with Other small boys Otto Jaegel, 13
years old, to-day climbed' an electric pole
on Oregon street and came in contact
with the heavily charged .-wires. He was
knocked from the pole and fell head
foremost .into the limbs of a tree. ' As
he struck the branches' oY . the tree he
reached wildly and succeeded* In grasp-
Ing a branch and holding himself from
falling to the ground. Tne palms of
his hands were badly burned by the
electricity and he was scratched and
bruised from the fall. He felr- a dis
tance of twenty-five feet. The wires
which he grasped were charged with 500
volts of electricity.
After Grasping Heavily Charged
Wires, He Falls Safely
Into a Tree.
LUCKY BOY ESCAPES
DEATH BY ELECTRICITY
TACOMA. Wash., SepL 5.-The steam
ship Hyades brings news from lokohama
that the American Tobacco Company, aft
er securing control of Lxurai Bros." to
bacco corporation, one of the largest to
bacco concerns in Japan, has announced
that the payment of dividends will be
suspended for fifteen years. This decision
nas caused great dissatisfaction to the
original owners of the property, who hold
a minority of the shares. Some of them
seem to feel that such an arrangement
is unfair, especially as heretofore they
received dividends regularly. Reports re
garding the American Tobacco Company's
action have caused many Japanese in
vestors to oppose the incoming of fur
ther American capital. The shareholders
of the electric railway company organ
ized to construct a line between Kobe and
Osaka have been negotiating with John
Brady of New York to introduce Ameri
can capital, but are now considering the
abandonment of the negotiations.
Investors Are Inclined to Oppose the
incoming- of "Further American
Capital Into Japan.
TOBACCO TEUST CUTS
OFF THEIB DIVIDENDS
As the boy writhed in agony the father
determined to end his misery. Seizing a
sho f g'un he placed it against the young
man's head and fired. The lad died In
stantly. Before those who heard the re
port of the gun could reach the wigwam
the parent had pointed the gun at his
own head and pulling the trigger on tho
¦remaining barrel ended his own life.
ber and industrious. He lived with his
wife, daughter and son , in a wigwam a
couple of miles from Shurz and made a
living by cultivating vegetables. A few
months ago the little daughter was
stricken with illness, and after the appli
cation of Indian remedies, which failed to
afford relief, Sam called upon white phy
sicians, but they gave the case up as
hopeless.
George Sam's troubles did not end
there, for a short time ago his son was
afflicted with a serious malady and, as in
the first instance, he gave the Indian
"medicine man" a chance. When the boy
grew worse and his sufferings became
more Intense the father again resorted to
a white physician, but the latter's an
swer was the same as that in the case
of the girl. He said nothing could be
done and that the patient must linger
some tlnfe before death would relieve
him.
CARSON CITY, Nev., Sept 5.-A
strange story of murder and suicide has
come from Shurz, a hamlet on the line
of the Carson and Colorado Roilroad. An
aged Indian named George Sam, unable
to witness the sufferings of his young
son, killed the lad with a shotgun and
then, placing the muzzle of the gun at his
own head, discharged the remaining bar.
rel. When found both lay side by side in
death.
George Sam was an old resident of that
section and was always regarded as so-
Special Dispatch to The Call
George Sam, Well Known in the Sage
brush State, Uses a Shotgun for
a Sensational Murder
and Suicide.
Pathetic Double Tragedy
Caused by Young Man's ¦*
Illness.
Thomas Denigan has bought the Mc-
Cormick property, on the east line of
Stockton street, fifty-five feet south from
O'Farrell. 27:6xS7:8 fet. with three-story
and basement building, for $75,000.
The C M. Wooster Company has sold
twelve flats and 75:10^x100 feet on the
northeast corner of Golden Gate avenue
and Lyon street, for Mary and Benjamin
Tichner to Robert Troy for $24-.0O0.
O. D. Baldwin & Son report the follow
ing sales: *
Two flats on the west line of Franklin street.
110 feet north from Vallejo, the lots being of
uniform s*ze. 27:6x110:4 feet, for Mrs. -Lucy
V Holmar? to Mrs. Frances Harshall and Mrs.
Jennie H. Lewis, for $8500; three lots in Ocean
Beach block, bounded by Forty-seventh and
Forty-eighth avenues. Theve brokers have the
sale of the block. The lots are 23x110 feet
each with the exception of the corners, which
are 32:6x100 feet.
John Rosenf eld's Sons will erect on the
property on the south line of Geary
street, 'cast from Powell, which they re
cently bought through the agency of
Sonntag Brothers, a modern seven-story
business structure.-
The flats to be erected by. M. Slmmoff
at the southeast corner of Oak street
and Masonic avenue will cost $50,000.
: -The Haslett Warehouse Company will
erect a «ix-stbry brick building on the
block bounded by Townsend, King,- Sec
ond and Hammond streets/
LARGER TRANSACTIONS.
For W B. Thomas to' Rose Freeman the
s r n B r e r /o7 d . $c r : 1 or 25^
v>M)O- for the Johnson estate to Dr. G. \M.
Freeman a lot 45:5x69 feet, and flats on the
HnT of HaTgnt street. 1C3 feet west of Steiner.
for $8000. .
The following salea are reported by Sol
Getz & Son:
t m o^ioo on east line of Seventeenth ave
r,,,^ 17^ feet south of H street, with Improve
ments for $145o"to Charles Mitchell; lot 50x
i^o on east line of Eleventh avenue 225 feet
north of Po'ntU)b08 avenue, for «220d. to Fred
wlinpi- lot 57-CxlOO. on northeast corner of
23x100 on southwest lino of Persia avenue,
near Athens street, to R. Lelshman, tor $200:
lot "5x100 on east line of Forty-ninth avenue
boulevard 112:6 south of K street, to R. Bar
kerJr-iot 25x100. on south line Of II -Street.
s->-« east of Forty-seventh avenue, to C. Wer
ther- fo •25x120. on east line of Forty-ninth
avenue 512^6 south of L. street, to Dr. L. XV.
Moor"^' lot T 25x120. on east line of Thirty-sixth
avenue 200 feet south of D street, to J. Rhea:
fot «5l2(i i on west line of Thirty-seventh ave
nue 100 feet south of C street, to J. Rhea; lot^
?5xi*0 on west line of Forty-sixth avenue 200
feet north of I street, for $«0O. to A. W. Best:
lot 75x120 on west line of Forty-third avenue.
225 feet south of J street, to H. and E. Wls
mer and lot. 50x120. on east line of Forty-
Surth avenue. 100 feet south of J street, to Ed
ward E. N- Beard
Speck & Co. have sold the Van Nydack
building of four stories on the south line
of Post street. 6S» feet east from Hyde.
34:4^x137:6 feet, for Barton S. Hayes to
Edward Kennedy of Fresno for $70,000.
Speck & Co. have also sold the follovrtng.
The eoutheast corner of T^y-"? 0 "? *^J
Shotwell streets. 42x95 feet with a two-story
building of one etore and five flats f rom
CbrUtlana Kleinhammer to Thomas Reid, .for
... /w>. a. lot 20:4x75 feet, with a fourteen
?oom r'estdence on the east lino ot Broderlck
Knuwen to Edward McLaucWan of Eureka,
for t5325.
The C. M. Wooster Company has made
the following sales:
IN CITY AND COUNTRY.
McAfee Bros, have sold the following
mentioned properties: '/
Two lots on Oak street. 50x150 feet each, and
three lot* abutting on these, fronting on Elm
street. 50x150 each, to Thomas R. Turner, for
$4000; lot 62:8x142:4. on the northwest corner
of Baldwin avenue and the county road, to
Joteph Levy fop-$2500; the southeast corner of
Santa Inez avenue and the county road. 249-3
xl29 feet, to Angus McLeod for $2850: also at
Burllngame, lot on Burllngame avenue, east of
the county road. 100x200 feet, to G.A. V> .
Folkero and W. H. Matthews, for $2000. and
about five acres of the Mezes tract, near Bel
mont to P. B. Goss and two acres of the An
thony Addition, Beresford Park, to Mrs. A. *".
Glfkin for $700. >. -
The followine sales are reported by
Madison & Burke:
Three flats and lot. 32x137:6 on Uie west line
of Scott street. 82 feet south <>t J\M.trom
B Mayer to E. J. Packer ror $11,500; lot
40x00. and two cottaces. on the «« side »'
Mason street. 40 feet north of 1 ,?.'
from Matilda Riedell to G. Chandler for &--><>•
lot 25x112:0. and three Hats on the east line
of Lyon street. 100 feet north of Hayes from
George W. Candon to B. "• . Hone^f U '"
$0250; lot. 50x122. and six flats on the west
line of Shotwell street. 150 1 feet north of
Klehteenth from G. C. Patterson to 1>.
Fefenztfor $5,000: lot. 25x100 on the north
line of Brannan street. 100 feet east of Sixth,
from the Columbian Banking Company to B.
l£?ri for $2500; lot. 42x80. and l»P™ v «™«"!;
on the east side of Mission street Wf«*
south of Seventeenth, from the ban Mateo
Realty Company to W. E Busse for $.500
lot. 25x100. and house on the north "wot
u, vfc street 43 feet east of btelner, from
Guiana A. Randolph to E. L.. Clark for
$6500; lot. 25:10x120. 128:0 west of Sterner
street from. R. C. Tucker to Henry Muller
for J8000. and lot. 25x87:6, with house, on the
south side of California street, near Middle,
from J. Sharp to U S B. Webb.
The Balrd estate has sold to the San
Francisco and Suburban Home Building
Society, through the agency of Lyon &
Hoag. for 513.000 82:6x106:3 feet at Haight
and Clai-ton streets. The lot will be Im
proved with buildings. The same brok
ers report that during the last week, ow
ing to the attention attracted by the run
ning of the new electric railway, they
have sold four lots in the Sunnyside tract
at Mill Valley and there is brisk Inquiry.
CENTRAL PROPERTY.
The realty sales of the last week have
, been less numerous tnan during some pre
ceding weeks. In fact, the sales in this
city during the month of .August were
not so large as those of earlier months
In the year. The total sales for August
amounted to $2,794,108 and numbered 463.
The explanation afforded by Thomas Ma
gee & Sons in their real estate circular
is that the midsummer dullness and the
disturbance in the Eastern money mar
ket were th« principal causes for tho
quieter market. Concerning the home
conditions generally the real estate cir
cular reasons hopefully, eaylng:
Locally there seems to b« no disturbing rea
son for the smaller total of sales except the
question of decided lack of Bupply of good in
vestment properties In the ro vara and loo
vara districts. This lack has been caused by
very heavy buying for the past year and by
the continued advance In price of the balance
of properties which are for sale. Many prop
erties are now in the market -at prices which
present improvement and present rates will not
Justify, but which would be salable if buyers
were not prevented from erecting suitable im
provements by the prohibitive price of labor
and material and the uncertainty ,of both.
£yon & Hoag have sold for the Ma
loney estate to Napoleon and Louise Va
silatos for $30,000 the property on the
north line of Eddy street. 111:6 feet west
from Leavenworth, 26x137:6 feet, with
three flats in the front and two flats .in
the rear.
SAN QUENTIN. Sept. 6.— A murder
was very nearly committed in San Quen
tin on Thursday. As a result one of the
convicts was cinched in the dreaded
straltjacket for thirty-eight hours and
now languishes in a dungeon. Although
the affair happened two days ago, it did
not become known outside the prison
walls until this evening.
James McGulre. doing ten years for
manslaughter, attempted to summarily
dispose of a celltender, J. B. Radley, also
a convict, by kicking and beating him
Into insensibility and then throwing his
body over the railing from the top tier
of cells to the asphalt pavement below.
McGuire has always disliked Radley and
on several other occasions had attempted
to harm him.
On Thursday Radley in his rounds
found McGulre's cell door open. Not
knowing any one was inside, he closed it.
This made McGulre, who was on his bunk
Inside, angry. He threw the door open
and rushed at Radley with a piece of
wood, striking him on the head and fell-
Ins him. lie then jumped upon the pros
irate body, kicking it unmercifully. The
noise attracted the attention of guards,
but before they had time to reach the
upper balcony McGuire was endeavoring
to lift the body over the rail in order to '
precipitate It below.
Radley was rescued and McGuire was
taken in charge. Warden Tompkins made
an Investigation and sentenced the cul
prit to thirty hours in the straltjacket.
When the time had *been served McGuire
was released, taken before the Warden
and lectured. He became ugly toward
the prison-keeper and he was speedily
given a 6econd dose of the jacket After
eight more hours of suffering he begged
to be released. He promised to be an ex
emplary prisoner and was sent to the
dungeon. Radley Is in the hospital.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
City and Suburbs Combined
Furnish* Volume of
Torment of the Straitjackat
Humbles Would Be
Murderer.
Himself.
Nevada Redskin Shoots
His Boy Then Kills '
Attempt at Murder Is
Made in San Quentin
Prison.
Smaller Real Properties
Engage Attention
of Buyers.
BROKERS EFFECT
MANY TRANSFERS
VICIOUS CONVICT
TRIES TO KILL
AGED INDIAN
SLAYS A SON
WHO SUFFERS
THE SAX FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY,* SEPTEMBER 6, 1903,
MARSHFIEL.D. Or.. Sept. 5.— Mrs. Fan
nie Blckford 'and Mrs. E. O. Gibson were
run over and killed yesterday by a log
ging train at the Daniels Creek Railway
station at Kings Camp. The women at
tempted to get on while the cars were
moving slowly, when one missed her foot
ing and in her fall grasped the garments
of the other, taking her down under the
wheels with her. Their bodies were bad
ly mangled. Mrs. Blckford's husband was
running the locomotive. ' i '
¦*¦'»> .unman Him 'in t m»< mdilBMn
27
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ordeal through which the ex-
l^I^lS'BllR^sdk pectant mother must pass usually is
M^/^ II fJfl 11 Ii s0 u^ °^ su^ er^ n g') danger and fear
I^§kBw||m that she looks forward to the critical
hour with apprehension and .dread.
Mother's Friend, by its penetrating and soothing properties,
alla}^ nausea, nervousness, and all unpleasant feelings, and
so prepares the system for the
ordeal that she passes through i^^,
the event safely and with but iW^j'SSS* lp «|j
little suffering, as numbers iVEa^ly lilwl C^
have testified and said, "it is *^ c*
worth its weight in gold." $i.oo per / a^Slj
bottle of druggists. Book containing '§ & 3S m||^||
valuable information mailed free. M O M^^fflM^a
IHE BlUDriELD RECUUTOB CO.. Atlaota. Ga.
ADTTEBTTSTIftrgNTa.
Safe from Summer Complaints
All mammas, and papas too for that matter, dread the heat of summer
with it's danger for the little folks, specially the babies. It is simply
y4j£g*L heart-breaking to read year after year
about the great death rate among children
j&* "llei* caused by the summer's heat. Yet it ia
4L j£mm easy to protect the infants against all sum-
QyS^ IjJT mcr com pl a ' nts » because we know that all
« Jt **5!§jI t^ iese * car^ P er 'l s h ave thc ' r beginning
£s&&2§$ ¦ in stomach and bowel troubles,
J^^^mf /$$ ancl we ave a P crfect * arnil y
1 V^Egy^—^^/^ medicine that will keep the del-
Jk \ 5&TSlJr icate machinery in a child's body
"* p clean.regular and in healthy work-
/*< \. C* ' ing order in the hottest weather
A^\SS^ —CASCARETS Candy Cathar-
R Ij tic. The plump, bouncing, crow-
,3 ing baby shown here is a CAS-
\ 4 " V^fc- CARET baby. He feels that way
fSy i>*^> """^2 iy winter and summer. Nursing
Sliu^^S^N x^l&r rn amma^ take a CASCARET at
jsRM&S&^^X \v-^ bed-time, and it makes their
mother's milk mildly purgative
nlgO^ 'fefC and keeps the baby just right.
Xg&*^ Older children like to take the
fragrant, sweet little candy tablet, and arc safe from colic, gripes,.
diarrhoea, summer rash, prickly heat and all the mean troubles tKat
summer brings with it.
T Best for the Bowels. AH druf gists, ioc, ajC 5°c. Never sold la butt.
TTvr^^nTi O\X\ The genuine tablet stsmped C C C. Guaranteed to cure or your money .
UVtfVWWW b k w Satr .pi(. and booklet frer. Address
, " Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago t New YwJu Ml
ADVERTISEMENTS.
As prescribed by a law
enacted by the last Legislature
the State Board of Commis-
sioners in Optometry has is-
sued certificates to the under-
signed firms, entitling them
and their employes to practice
the fitting of spectacles and
eyeglasses :
GEO. H. KAIIN,
201 Kearny St.
HENRY KAHK & CO.
(The Ocnlarlnm) ,
642 Market St.
BOGUS OPTICAL CO.,
211 Post St.
HZBSCH & EAISEB,
¦ » ( ¦*" 7 Kearny St.
STANDARD OPTICAL CO..
217 Keapy St.
BERTEX.INQ OPTICAL CO.,
16 Kearny St.
HASKEX.L & JONES OPTICAL CO.,
243 Grant Ave.
CHINN-BUBETTA OPTICAL CO.,
991 Market St.
CALIFORNIA OPTICAL CO.,
207 Kearny St.
$10,000.00
TO BE GIVEN AWAY
Just out! Our magnificent super-
hard, extra loud Columbia cylinder
records. A single sample absolutely
free to every talking machine user,
whether' graphophone or phono-
graph. Give us type and make of
your machine and receive a sample
record absolutely free. ' This offer,
good for 30 days only, to introduce
the new product.
Columbia Phonograph Go.
125 Geary Street, San Francisco.
468 13th Street, Oakland.
AEVEBTISEaiENTS.
" — ¦*¦ — ¦
SILKS AND DRESS GOODS
fancy Zibeline, ,,*,,„,* ,^ cohHngf $1.00 yd
Scotch Tweeds, argwranU^ $1.25 yd
Scotch Tweeds, s6 Ig || g| mixturls . . $1.50 yd
Carreaox BoHton, |i|£f| p§l||||5 yd
Mohair Ripple, % m % g || . . $2.00 yd
French Etamine, % §i||i M M, S1.00 yd
SILK DEPARTMENT
Natte Polka Dots, ™ w ,,^, $1.50 yd
Gun Metal Louisine, . w , „,„,/&»„„*,. .$1.25 yd
Black Merveiileux,,^, *,*,,,. $1.25 yd
DiaCK illOire, with sain, stripes of different a-idtks, 3)1.Z5 yfl
Louisine Checks, all „,.„, specM % . alue . 75 yd
Black Peau de Soie,, 7 „,.„*. ntwM ff mfinM %\B yd
In addition, an interesting collection of
EXCLUSIVE DRESS PATTERNS,
Comprising Dresdens, Haitiennes Moires
and Silk Poplins.
LADIES' COSTUMES TO ORDER
i op rioor.
/ Cor. Post & Kearny Sts.
II I aiavaV^reliabm: |
I jli238- 1250 Market si-*-* |
I To-morrow, |
Ii being Labor Day, this 1
store will be closed. 3
Watch T next Tues- I
day's papers for con- g
tinned bargains of our 1
FIRST ANNIVER.- I
IB SAR.Y Jubilee Sale. I
U S (Will remain open onto 10 o'clock 'Tuesday evening.) Li
g9s$eo9®o«»9oeoooo9ooGeco9oeoooeo£ooGoooe83i)o
0k ij j , ... ir.-i ¦ ss ** i ™^ fc^ i **~^ '/ lJP» J y« jdTv ? i. ***^y^^ff?V^c£rT^r l *~~~j>i. ~ ¦ '
* ll i V Tp •
| EITHER BUFFET $35.00 f
o We are offering for this week only at above price a splen- •
• did line of fine Buffets, made of solid quarter-sawed oak; o
• swell front; lined drawer; brass trimmings, French bevel plate «
& mirror ; beautiful gloss finish. In all departments of our store J
§ we can show goods at lower prices than elsewhere, as we have •
® no rent to pay and give our patrons the benefit in low prices ©
0 and easy payments. o
1 THE J. NOONAN FURNITURE CO., |
2 1017-1023 Mission Street, above Sixth, near New Post Office. ©
O3S0e0030(?0000000090903Q000Ce0f)00t)00Q0a0eQ0SOFrom the head of the stretch to the
wire Waterboy just galloped and he won
easily by two and a half lengths from
The Picket, which was four length in
front of Heno. Hermis was fourth, six
lengths back. Summary:
FIRST RACE— About two and a half miles,
steeplechase; handicap: 4-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. \ Kin.
15 to 1— Step Lightly. 1S5 (SofteU). 1 1 1 Hi
7 to 2— Adjidaumo, 152 (Helder). 2 2 2 «
8 to 5— Amur, 145. Mara 2 3 35
Time, 5:21. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner. W. F. McLean'B b. g. by Oetaway-Hlgh
Run. Borough 149, Ga*car 130. Perlon l&i.
Silver Twist 134. Daryl 135. Bounder 130. a!so
ran.
SECOND RACE— Six furlonjs on main track;
Hlph weight handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 1— Parislenne 115 (Fuller)... 6 111
4 to 1— Canajoharie. 110 (Redfern) 12 2 2
4 to 1 — Gay Boy. 129 (Burns) '3 3 3 2
Time, 1 :13 2-5. Start bad. Won driving. Win
ner, J. B. Haggin'a br. t. by Watercress-
Fouche Pas. Futurita 118. Damon 113. Biserta
1W, Paul Clifford 107, Princess Tulane 103.
Auriesville 109; Wealth 117, Internal 109. Jane
way 122. Presentation 102, Worry 108, also ran.
THIRD RACK — Seven furlongs on Futurity
course; the Flat bush Stakes for 2-year-olds:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Kin.
8 to I — Highball. 120 (Fuller).... 8 6 12
16 to 5— Broomstick, 115 (HIgglns) 4 2 2 h
3 to 1— Fulsus. 115 (O'Neill) 1 136
Time, 1:25 2-5 Start fair. Won easily. Win
ner. W. M. Schefter's b. c. by Ben Strome-
Strychnina. Mohartb 115. Delhi 115. Tippeca-
Sheepshead Bay to-day. The big
son of Watercress, which was crowned
champion of the all-age division In the
early part of the season, to-day settled
all question of his superiority by his easy
victory. He broke the track record for
one and a half miles by covering the dis
tance In 2:31 3-5, which Is two-fifths of a
second faster than the time made by Wa
tercolor In 1901. Waterboy was third
choice in the betting, closing at 4 to 1.
This year's American- Derby winner,
The Kcket, was second and Heno third.
The ffeld that faced the starter probably
was the best and most evenly matched of
the year. Only five horses paraded, with
Hermis always a warm favorite at 9 to 5,
Heno being second choice at 13 to 5.
After a few moments' delay at the post
they were sent away to a good start.
Before they had covered an eighth of a
mile Odom sent Hermis to the front. Wa
terboy being second and Heno in third
place. This order was maintained pass
ing the stand the first time. Hermis was
full of running and fighting for his head,
but Odom had a strong ,hold on him.
Around the paddock they swept, with
Hermis two lengths In front of Water
boy. which was leading The Picket by
about three-quarters of a length. Round
ing the far turn O'Neil sent Waterboy up
to the leader. The pair ran like a team
for a few strides, when O'Neil gave his
mount his head and h*e shot forward and
soon had a commanding lead.
ENGLISH CHAMPION BOXER
MAY FIGHT BRITT HERE
NEW YORK, Sept. 5.— Amid the
rousing cheers of 25,000. persons
J. B. Haggin's Waterboy won
the $22,000 Century stakes at
After much money spent in cable tolls
by boxing promoters of this city, Jabez
White, the English lightweight champion
boxer, has finally been neard from. Jim
my Brltt received a cable from him yes
terday in response to a letter proposing
a match. White cables that he accepts
and that he has mailed particulars.
If these are satisfactory the match' will
be made for November or December, and
White will be brought here immediately.
Has Cabled Sis Acceptance and Match
Will Probably Take Place
in November.
The first football same of the season
was played yesterday at San Rafael be
tween teams representing Hitchcock
Academy and Urban Academy. Neither
side scored. The teams were made up as
follows:
Hitchcock — Mowry, Tompklns; A. Menzles,
Gormanson; Nance, Goldberg: Baldwin, Collins.
Tallant, Cavlll, H. Evans, Rennie, Baum, E.
Evans.
Urban — Stow, Dickey: Webber, Reynolds.
Brewer, Lacey. Davis, Vance; Mayer, Rothen
berp, Auerbach. Kl! in wood.
Umpire— W. Cosgrove. Referee — Burns.
First Football Game of Season.
California Horse Clinches Title to Championship of Eastern
Racers by Scoring an Easy Victory, With The Picket
in Second Place and Hermis Among the Also Rans
noe 115. Conjuror 115. Mercury 105. Pentaur
115, also ran. *
FOURTH RACE— One and a half miles; tb«
4 , o i_waterboy, H b <°,£; e 1 t "!.;" J i ij 1
9 to 2-The Picket. 1U (Fuller).. 5 o . 4
13 to 5-Heno. 126 (Bullman) ••••••-* * «
SeaJaidla HerSli §0. Maior Dalngerfleld 1^6.
also ran.
FIFTH RACE— Fiv« and a half furlcnn on
Futurity coursa for 2-year-old8; *«"«;*•„ _
Bettmsf Horse. Weight. JoclW- S t l - ? S£
9 to B— Monster. i&4 (CNelll)... 5 « -^
10O to 1— All Right. 102 (WUItersn) 4 5 3 h
Time, 1 :07. Start bad. Won driving . \\ in
ner. Mexican Stable'e ch. f by Fl nbe .
Gretchen. Mordella 09. Sj»«* ™ e .i? 6t I Jth
OUts'.tive Girl 99. Wistaria 90 Monet 102. . Ba. th
Beach 109, Funnyside 104. Hylaa 97. Jennico !s>.
Tid« 1C6. Llda L*»b 04. The Bowery 10, Ma
Remo 07. Dungannon 00. Arthur 92. \»*>rator
J»4. Gold Splnk »2. Gold Tip 82. Russell baS«
1C0, a! so ran.
SIXTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles on
turf; all ages; selling: ... ,. ,«
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. ** Fin.
13 to 5 — Krnest Parham. Ill (Fulrt 6 2 1 \
1" to 1 Lord Turco. 110 (Desouza) ft 5 2 h
15 to 1— Swamplands. 10S (Hicks). 4 8 3 2
Time, 1:51 4-5. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner T. D. Sullivan's b. c. by De B^auvoir-La
sorella. Dark Planet 113, Choate 116. Tom
Lawson 10S. H. C. Rose 116. Captain Gaines
11C. Wild Pirate 116. King Carter 107, Cappa
more 104. also ran.
WATERBOY TAKES CENTURY STAKES
AT SHEEPSHEAD BAY IN A GALLOP
SPORTS OF THE TROTTING AND RUNNING TURF ON RACE TRACKS BOTH EAST AND WEST
HISTORIC VINCTOR STAKE IS A WALKOVER
FOR HARRY STOVER'S HORSE KENILWORTH
For the Second Time During the State Fair Meeting the
Great Son of Sir Modred Is Unopposed — Ben F Appar
ently Has a Mortgage on Pacing Events at Sacramento
THE SAN FRAK CISCO CALL., SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1903.
Federal Prisoners Sentenced.
Two years at hard labor in the peni
tentiary at San Quentin was the sentence
Imposed by United States District Judge
de Haven yesterday upon E. J. McGris
kin, who pleaded guilty of forging a post
al mon^y order. William B. Porter, who
pleaded'jjruilty of mailing an indecent let
ter to a young woman, was sentenced
to Imprisonment at hard labor irt«the Ala
metJa County Jail for fifteen months.
The talent was away out of line In its
Judgment yesterday at Ingleslde Cours
ing Park. In the first ten trials the form
players made what proved to be six false
favorites. The last of the ten was Flora
Belle, a 1 to 7 choice, which was defeated
by Jack Dennis' clever performer Re
mlsso Animo.
In the first course of the day Gambit, a
1 to 3 choice, was beaten by Lily Wright.
The last course of the day also provided
an upset, Eastlake beating the 1 to 3
choice Idaho Boy pointless.
The coursing was remarkable for the
number of long trials, the average being
more than- one minute. The relief dogs
were in frequent demand. A number of
the hares made good their escape.
Of the dogs left in to-day the best per
formers are Black Coon. Doc Burns. Full
Moon and Renegade Apache. The results
of yesterday's running, with Judge Thom
as Tierney's official scores, follow:
Open stake, first round— Lily Wright beat
Gambit 16-4; Boca Girl beat Advance Guard.
8-4; Thetis beat Lord Goff. 8-4; Jingle Bells
beat Gold Lily. 4-1; Black Coon belt Bob R.
8-2; Little Lucy beat Fannie Hughie. 3-2; Our
Motto beat Articulate 5-2; Miss 'Wilson beat
Jennie Lyons. 4-3; Luxury beat Concord Boy.
S-5; Remlsso Anlmo beat Flora Belle. 5-2; Bon
nie Hughle beat Meddlesome. 14-7; Wedgewood
beat Yukon. 7-5; Half Moon beat Fembrook,
18-tt; Flower of Kerry beat Idle Fellow. 11-4;
Doc Burns beat King's Pride. 0-7: Pepper Jack
beat Manhattan King. 7-5: Toronto beat Royal
Sport. 5-4; Queen's Motto beat Racing Glancer.
39-3: Belfast beat Athena, 6-O; Firm
Fellow beat San Juan, 12-6; Siaklyou
a bye. Wild Bill withdrawn; Equator beat Lady
Anselmo. 7-5; Young Buck beat Rich Argosy,
31-4; Pure Pearl beat Homer Boy, 6-2; Una
beat Idaho Boy 0-6; Tobasco Bob beat Sweet
Peas 16-0; Odd Eye* beat Mlllington. 13-3;
Tom Hurllok beat Rock and Rye. 7-2; White
Hat beat Kastlake, R-3; Piker beat Our Myra,
7-5; Little Plunger beat Welcome Light, 8-7;
Cubanola beat Gunpowder 10-7; Shadow beat
Mollle Me 8-2; Full Moon beat Flora Bird.
14-9; Haddlngton beat Yellowtail. 3-1; Snapper
Garrison beat Grace W. 14-5; Bonnia Pasha
beat Glancing Pasha. 12-4; Wattles beat
Aeneas. 14-1; Adonis beat Kettleman. 5-1; Lady
Menlo beat Lulu Girl. 9-7; Renegade Apache
beat Medley, 6-4; Cremo beat Cascade, 13-9;
Topsy Turvey beat Linda Vista. 6-3; Mclien
ry beat Melrose. 7-3; Sllevenamon beat Frisky
Barbara. 5-3; Roxana beat Tyrone Prince. 0-5;
Doreen beat Lazy Bob, 11-5; Yankee Boy beat
Glaucus, 7-6.
Consolation stake, first round — Flora Bird
beat Racing Glancer, 8-0; Linda Vista beat
Gold Lily. 9-7; Yukon beat Lady Anselmo,
11-1; Athena beat Our Myra. 7-0; Medley
beat Melrose. 8-O; Articulate beat Kettleman.
4-2; Tyrone Prince a bye. Glaucus withdrawn;
San Juan beat Jennie Lyons, 13-5; Flora Bella
beat Sweet Peas 20-0; Fannie Hughle beat
Bob R 11-4; Eastleke beat Idaho Boy, 4-0.
Remisso Animo Cleverly De
feats Flora Belle at Long
Odds.
Talent Is Out of Line at
Ingleside Coursing
Park.
WINNERS PROVE
HARD TO PICK
BERLIN. Sept. f>.— Franz FUher. th« well
known conductor, has been cnosen to succeed
Hermann Zumpc. who died in Munich yes
terday, as musical director of the Munich
osera.
- M. Goldcnson. contractor. D22 Potrero
avenue, secured a warrant from Police
Judge Friti yesterday for the arrest of
C L. French on a charge of misdemeanor
embezzlement. He said French was em
ployed by him to buy crushed rock from
Gray Bros, and that he embezzled the
money. The total amount of his defalca
tion Is not yet known.
Accused of Embezzlement.
BEADY FOB ADMISSION DAY
CELEBRATION IN SAN JOSE
Ninth of September Committee of
Native Sons of Golden West
Holds Final Meeting.
The joint 9th of September committee
of the Native Sons held Its last meeting
previous to the celebration in Native
Sons' Hall last night. Thirty parlors
were represented.
The several committees reported that
each had performed the duties assigned
and that all isJ now In readiness for the
parade In this city on the evening of Sep
tember 8, and in San Jose on Admission
day.
It was stated that Chief Wittman had
been asked for native born policemen to
act as escort to the parade in this city
and In San Jose, and that he said, he
would furnish the escort for this city,
but that he could not send any to San
Jose, as he had applications from ISO
Native Son policemen and he did not feel
that he could not make a selection with
out creating ill teeling, a matter he
wishes to avoid.
Mission Parlor has secured Eagles* Hall
in San Jose and will decorate it with the
parlor colors. There will be a concert
during the afternoon and In the evening
a ball. Louis Schmidt has been selected
as the floor manager and Henry L. Maas
as assistant. The ladies of Fremont Par
lor, N. D. G. W.. will escort the Mission
boys.
Dolores Parlor will parade in new uni
forms to the number of seventy-five.
The members -of South San Frat.cisco
JParior will turn out 100 strong with drum
corps and will display a new banner.
Athens Parlor will show up with a
stunning uniform.
Hesperian Parlor announces that it will
make a fine show.
POKTLAND AUTHORITIES
PLACE A BAN ON BOXING
Will Not Allow the Herrera-Mc-
Clelland Fight to Take Place
Next Week.
-m c.a.1. w» tea.
PORTLAND, Sept. 5.— There will be^B
prizefight in Portland on Friday next.
If Jack McClelland desires to wrest the
laurels from Aurelia Herrera he must do
it in eome other district, for not only do
the authorities promise to stop any at
tempt to hold the contest Itself, but they
threaten also to arrest any person who
attende the fight.
"There will be no fight," said John
Manning, the District Attorney, to-day.
"The public does not wajit tHe fight. The
law f oi oius. and I will not allow it to
come off; that's all there is to it.**
-So victory rests upon the banners of the
Municipal Association In the first battle
with that large portion of the pubtlc
which is interested in prizefights and
boxing contests. Jack Grant, who has
made all the arrangements for the pugi
listic exhibition, was at first inclined to
make a test case. This idea has, how
ever, been abandoned. The Municipal
Association, which originated from a
cemmittee appointed by the Calvary.Pres
hyterlan Church, is apparently to be an
other of the law and" order leagues which
from time to time raise their combative
heads in all Western cities. It proposed,
as diJ the others, to reform the city, pro
hibit prifieflghtB and prevent gambling.
f.. by Magnet-Bliss, 103 (Chandler), 6 to 5,
first; Little Margaret. OS * Jackson), 2V4 to 1,
second; Blondura. 103 (Henderson), 20 to 1,
third. Time. 1:13^. St. PMlllptna also ran.
S»ven furlong, free handicap, purse $300 —
HoratiuB, b. c. by Odd Kellow-Hlnda. 108
(Powell). 4 to 5. first; Glendennlng, 105 (Stu
art). G to 5. second; The Miller. 100 (Hilde
brand). 4 to I, third. Time, l:26',i. Mounte
bank also ran.
Mile, selling-, purse $225— Solon, b. s-, by
Clerelad-Arelhusa. 112 (Howson), 2Vj to 1.
first; Illowaho. 112 (See). Si to 5. second: An
vil. 102 (Hildebrand). 3 to I, third. Time,
1:41. Cambaceres and Iras also ran.
SUMMARY.
2 20 clai*. pacinz. uur=«; fionrt:
Ben F. b. e.. by Bradtmoor (Chad
bourne) 3 1 1 1
Ira (Maben) 1 5 7 2
Hdwln S (Daniels) 5 2 U to.
Jone?a Bae^lor « Walton) '- 3 .1 ro.
The Mrs. (Whitehead) 4 fi 8 ro.
Miss G-.-orgla. tCelcel) «> 7 4 ro.
Colonel C (Llrsett) 7 4 3 ro.
Swanhllde (Owens) 8 9 111 ro.
Alendale (Hoy) 10 X tiro.
Nance ONeil (W. ZIbble) 11 10 0 ro.
George (Bu-sh.inie) » 11 Or.
Time. -2:10^, 2:11. 2:13U. 2:13',,.
Running, tlve furlongs, selling, purse ?C23—
Pat Bulger, b. c, by Prince Rudolph-Larlt
eome. loti (Fravrley). 20 to 1, first; Charley
Schwelticr. Ill (Henderson;. 8 to 5, second;
Nora. 1OS (Chandler). 3 to I. third. Time,
1 :<VV [tasty Rhodes, Ruvla. Eva D and Deris
aJso ran. _
Five furlong?, selling, purse 5225— Elfin
King. b. h.. by King WiHJam-Clrce, 111
(Jacksor.l. 2 to 1, won: Jack lUchelieu Jr..
117 (Powell). 2 to 1. second: Jim Gore III.
117 (Howson). S to t. third. Time. 1:02.
Mamie. Nellie Msy. Honduian, Miss TJIvl
dend ar.d Malpalquet also ran.
Mile, fcelltnsr. vurxc $225— Dug Martin, b. |r..
by Wernberz — Fallen Prim-ess. 102 (Cros
thwaite). 8 to 1. first; Dr. Sharp. 107 (Slaugh
ter*. 6 to I. second; Dwi K ht Way, 112 (Boze
man). 4 to 1. third. Time. 1:42. Teufel and
Dark Secret also ran.
Six furlongs. seJling. pur«e $225— Blissful, c.
BAIN FLOODS TKACK
AT NARRAGANSETT PARK
Grand Circuit Meeting at Providence
Closes in Middle of the
Afternoon.
PROVIDENCE, R. I.. Sept. 6.— The
Grand Circuit meeting which was held at
Narragansett Park this week was brought
to an untimely close in the middle of the
afternoon by a heavy downpour of rain,
which flooded the track. Summary:
2:19 class, pacing, purse $1000: three in five
'ordered closed) — Henry N won two straight
heats in 2:13>j. Direct L, Jim Kyle. B. S. Dil
lon. Marsaiet M and Lucie May alsu started.
2:08 class, trotting, purse $1,100. two in three
— Dan T won two straight heats In 2:07%,
2:10-;. Rythmic of Orange, Fereno and Baron
D also started.
2:12 class-, trottlnc. purse $1000; three In
five (ordered closed)— Promise won two straight
lieats in 2 :1H,. 2:11?,. Bell Klser. Van Sant,
<*ozad, Dkk J>rry. Ulllbar. Pus, Anna Held.
Dainty Daffo and Crescent also started.
class- patina, purse S10O0. three In live
(ordered clo*;d) — Annie M won the fourth and
seventh heats in 2:10',-i. 2:14; Merry Master
won the second and sixth heats In 2:07?;, 2:11-
Lord Gentry won the fifth heat in 2:13?4: Cen
trlflc won the flm and FW.ind heats In' 2:($»£.
Barnadotte. Cotillion, Double S and Joe
also started.
Unfortunately George 'Webb's Solon
lost an eye on the way down from Seat
tle, but the accident did not detract
from his speed. Well ridden by How
son in the concluding mile selling run.
he collared Anvil and Cambaceres the
last sixteenth, winning cleverly in 1:41.
Illowaho, miserably handled by See,
disposed of Anvil for place honors.
F. E. MULHOLLAND.
• 1
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 5.— It "begins
to look as If the historic Vlnctor
stake, which in the years gone by
was famous for many a hard-
fought contest, will be a. thing of
the past »" another year. To-day none
of the original entries cared to try con
clusions with Kenil worth, and for the
second lime at the meeting the strapping;
brown horse enjoyed a walkover for the
entrance money.
As a sjieclaJ attraction Gibney. the high
dh*r. electrified the big crowd by a
graceful seventy-four-foot plunge Into a
tar.k on the infield opposite the grand
etand.
The sport was above, the average, with
favorites takintf four of the seven purses.
The Pleasanton horse Ben F has quite as
Vug a mortgage on the pacing events as
George ci ho'.ds on the trotting numbers.
He *<i.s barred in the Letting this after
noon in the 2:" 1 * class pace. After finish
ing third in the first heat he won the
next three in ragtime, not being com
piled to travel faster than "ill. Walter
Maben secured second money and a mark
of 2:1$& with Ira by annexing the .first
heat. V
It was mostly small money in circula
tion in the rin»r. and it does not come to
the surface until the runs are called. Pat
Bulger at 20 and Dr. Shorb, an 8 to 1 shot,
w* re the genuine surprises. Dick Havey
v r.s In gfod form, sending his fields away
nicely aligned.
By long odds the best performance was
ihat of Kocmtlua In the handicap, at scv
*n furlong'. The three-year-old picked
•jp Powell ar.i 1CS pounds, and after Glen
denxdag ha4 set the track ablaze for six
ar.d a half furlongs he caught and de
1 rated the faint-hearted sprinter a neck
in l:C6 l i. equaling the track record. The
ring laid 4 to B against the winner. Moun
ichank and The Miller were never In It
from the start.
Pat Bulger, which wa« sold on Friday
by Johnny Mellin to Jack Frawley for
jsn. captured the 2-year-old scramble at
odds of CO to L Frawley had the
mount, and overtaking Dusty Rhodes In
the stretch, won ridden out three lengths
before the favorite. Charlie Schweitzer,
with Henderson on his back. Doris, the
sroond choice, refused to leave the bar-
On Thursday in a cheap selling dash
•won by Metlakatla. Elphln King, with
He:i«1«--rson in the saddle and a hot favor
ite, finished a musty th:re. To-day with
Jarkson up and equal choice in the ring
with Jack Richelieu Jr. Elphin King #
made a show of his company. Jack
Richelieu Jr. ran second and Jim Gore
third. Henderson's riding lias been
open to criticism for some time, and
unless the boy mends his ways his finish
j? not difficult to prognosticate.
Dug Martin, an 8 to 1 shot, winner of
the mile Belling affair, was another eagle
bird for the books. Tuneful was con
sidered such a g-ood thing that the ring
quoted the liberal price of 1 to 2 about
him. He was raced into subjection the
first furlong by Dwight Way and re
tired. Dr. Shorb then looked a winner,
when Dug Martin with little Crosthwaite
•;p came along, reaching the wire first
by a long neck In 1;42. Dwight Way
was third.
Although only a short time off the
;rain from Seattle, Blissful, at odds of 6
to 5, made a show of the other three
starters in the sixth race, a six-furlong
sprint. St. Phillippina delayed the
Btart for many minutes and could not
run any after finally getting away.
Blissful raced Little Margaret to a
standstill the first three-eighths and gal
lnr»«-d in before the Young entry.
MUNROE ACCEPTS DATE
PROPOSED BY JEFFRIES
Miner-Pugilist Agrees to Fight the
Champion at Los Angeles
October 16.
NEW YORK. Sept. 5.— Jack Munroe an
nounced to-day that he had telegraphed
James J. Jeffries accepting his challenge
to fight him for the championship at Los
Angeles on October 16.
LOS ANGELES. Sept. 5.— When Cham
pion Jim Jeffries was shown the telegram
from New York to-night, announcing
Munroe's agreement to light in this city
October 16 he was pleased. "I'm glad he
has come to time," eaid Jeffries. "I will
so into training here at home at once.
My brother Jack. Joe Kennedy and prob
ably Eome one else will work with me. I
am in good condition right now and will
not have to do the hard work I went
through when preparing for Corbett last
month. We had just about given up Mun
roe as a bad bargain and I am glad to
know that he has done the right thing."
Hilly Delar.ey left for San Francisco to
night before hearing from Munroe. He
will return here to look after the cham
pion's work of preparation.
HARRY STOVER'S GREAT
HORSE WHICH HAD "WALK
OVER" FOR VINCTOR STAKE.
28
ADVERTISEMENTS. __^^^
|<^^^^"™?*^^-*^'^ In S. S. S. Nature has provided a tonic suited to
vST^2p£^ngN every requirement of the system 'when in a debilitated,
• run down condition. It contains no strong minerals or
drugs, but is a pleasant vegetable preparation. You can find no better
remedy for tQning up the nerves and bringing refreshing, restful sleep when
in a low state of health, or sick and worn out with work or worry.
S. S. S. improves the I have no hesitancy in recommending your 8. S.S.
ennotito oiHc tV>f» r1irrf><- *a the best Spring' tonic on the market. I nave used
appetite, aids tee aiges- many other me dicines, but find S. S. S. to be undoubt-
tion and reinforces the edly the only tonic that will build np the system. I
cvci-om imrl if«a frond *»f. "hall take pleasure in telling all whom I thialc In
system, ana us gooa ei- need of a d blood tomo oi your nedicine#
fects are seen almost from Yours truly, LEWIS B. PrBB^B,
the first dose. It acts Caro Stoll » Hamilton & Co. Lexington, Ky.
promptly in cases of chronic dyspepsia, indigestion and all stomach troubles,
and does away with the uncomfortable fullness, nausea, shortness of breath,
drowsiness and dizziness that so often come after eating.
S. S. S. is not only the best tonic but possesses alterative or purifying
properties, and if there is any taint, humor or poison in the blood it
searches it out, and removes it. Many times a low state of health is due
to a bad condition of the blood and can only be remedied by a blood purifies
and tonic combined, or such a remedy as S. S. S.
If you suffer from debility, insomnia, nervousness, loss of appetite,
bad digestion, or any of the symptoms of a disordered blood, nothing will
so soon put your blood in good condition, invigorate and tone up the
system as S. S. S. _
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, CA.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I CURE. . .
(Who Have Contracted
Disorders
PERMANENTLY
p The Leading Specialist
I DR. O. C. JOSLEN
I The progress In the study of con-
I tracted disorders In the past few years
I : has resulted In my advanced methods
K| of securing: permanent results. In my
K practice I use special methods of lrrl-
E Ration, and a method of my own devls-
II Ins for Installations that cure Konor-
R rhoea PERMANENTLY In from 3 to 10 j
I ! days. 1 make lrequent Inspections of
I ' the canal by means of a small electric
I I light, which enables me to fete and to
|| treat each Inflamed part separately,
I 1 and I am also enabled to show the pa-
I (j tient himself the conaiUons that actu-
m ally exist. Following my treatment
I there are no evil after results. ', There
¦ I is no stricture to fear, not the slightest
t? chance of a chronic condition (some-
6) times caJled eleet). but there Is COM-
El PI.ETE healing of the inflamed and
Rj poisoned tissue. Never use *arsh ln-
m Jectlons or drastic Internal remedies to
B stop the discharge, for If you do It is
Hi certain that in the future ycu will find
»| your state worse than ever. I guarantee
H you a UEttFECT CURE, and as well
Bj as that
I YOU JCAN PAY WHEN CURED.
H) Consultation and advice free, j
H either at office or by mail. Borne
R tcpatment ia always certain and
g satisfactory. My copyrig-hted '
B pamphlet, "Live All Your Tears a
H Kan," Is free, too. Send for It.
I DR. O. t. JOSLEN
I Cor. Market and Kearny Sts.
K Private Entrance 702 Market st.
I /77> Kill S MfflftiTm irn
] T££O B^aflflffi5jBS|Sri|lLmlM
I 'var.t your trade and will make special
efforts to please you. '
JOB! U. KnSK"»' I » lno ' 11 t!> * Btnn\i>*m mK.
I IN AMERICAN HISTORY -131
BO II /I Xi m ill Eb4 m 1 L^J »?« \ VvNX."* I II
I The Discoverer of the Western Empire* I J JlLl 1
I The Whiskey of the Western Homes* f iffigl I
I GROMMES & ULLRICH, Distillers, W. J. KEARNEY, Representative, JrMllIk Mm } H Ha *1
I SPOHN-PATRICK COMPANY. THE E. A, KOLB CO. y^fi^f^i f^BSRSll^Bsl' /^MCharles Mack, who came Lire from the
East about' a month ago, was convicted
by Police Judge Fritz yesterday^on two
charges of petty larceny and sentenced
to serve five months in the County Jail
on each charge. He stole samples . from
two different wagons ' and' was arrested
with tbe stolen articles in his possession.
Stole Samples From Wagons.
.Bevolver Match in Which Teams of
.- ' Five MenEach Compete Is v. >
-'Chief Event. '
'SEA GIRT,. N. J-. Sept. 5.— The national
tournament of the Rifle- Association of
America'^nd; the ..United States Revolver
Association; was • continued. ! to-day, but
bad weather conditions seriously inter
f eredv.wtth ; the , shooting. The skirmish
team match was not finished,' and will be
continued Monday.
The event of principal interest In the
afternoon ~aa the revolver, jaatch, in
WEATHEB INTEBFEBES
WITH THE ~M"A"R.~'R'MT~C
Pittsburg • 7 13 4
Cincinnati 6 7 5
Batteries— Winham, Doheny and Smith;
Hakn and Peitz.
CHICAGO, Sept. 5. — Chicago closed the sea
son's series with St. Louis and defeated the
visitors twice. The first game was a well
and evenly played contest, with some very
clever ar.d fast fielding. In the second the lo
cals started off with such a lead that It was
cninteresUnir until the last three innings. At
tendance. 6000. Score:
First came — R. H. E.
Chicago 3 8 1
St. Louis 2 7 1
Batteries — Wicker end Kling; Dorman and
O'Neil.
Second came— R. H. E.
ChicaKo 6 9 1
St. Louis 4 12 2
Batteries — Lundgren and Kling; McFarland
and ONeiL '.. .
_______
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
NEW YORK, Sept. 5. — The local American
League team won the first game of the double
header to-day and the second game was called
at the end of the third inning on account of
rain. Attendance, 7300. Score:
R. H. E.
New York 10 .15 O
Washington 3 - 7 '.' 0
Batteries— Wolf and Beville; Dunk and Klt
tredge. > : v.'V, ;. ..w<
BOSTON. Sept. B. — Ooakley was easy tq
fiay and the Bostons won. Rain fell through
out the eight ir.nir.es and loose playing was the
result. Attendance, 7300. Score:
R. H. E.
Boston 12 18 2
Philadelphia 1 5 1
Batteries — Dlneen, Cruger and J. .Etahl;
Coakley and Scbreck.
• CHICAGO; Sept. S«-Hlts by Callahan and
Tannehill. cotfciled by bad errors by Hlckman,
gave Chicago the two run* necessary to defeat
Cleveland to-dajr. Kllllan, recently " acquired
from Rockford, proved fully as effective as
Patterson. Attendance, 8500. Score:
R.* H. K.
Chicago 2 . 6 0
Cleveland 1 _ . 6 ;- r.- r . : 3
Batteries — Patterson and .Slattery; Killian
and Abbott.
ST. LOUIS, SeDt. 8. — Detroit won the open
ing game of the series this afternoon with ease.
BuChoff did the pitching for St. Louis. He was
In poor form and Detroit batted him freely.
Attendance, 23C0. Score:
R. H. E.
St. Louis. 3 9 1
Detroit : . Tj 12 2
Batteries — Sudhoff and Shannon; Ekope and
Buelow. ' • ¦_• .»}.•:•*.¦> -.««>..
Stolen bases — Hlldebr&nd <2), MeLaughlln
Sheehan. Errors — Shay. Meany, Irwln, Del
mas. Three base hit — MeLaughlln. Two base
hit— Delmas. Sacriflc* hits— Doyle, Casey
Townsend, McLaugblln, Hogan. First base on
errors — Sacramento, 3. First base on balls
Oft Brown, 1; off Howell. 9. Left on bases
Eaeramento. 10; San Francisco, 4. Struck out
— By Brown. 3; by Howell, 1. Double play —
Sheehan to Casey to Townsend. Passed ball—
Zearfoss. Time of game — Ono hour «nd, fifty
minutes. Umpire— P/ConneU.
Sacramento— 1 Ban Francisco — !
AB. R. H. P. A. AB. R. H. P.a!
Casey.2b.4 113 C'Ehay. ss 4 0 0 0 6
Hildbr.lf 4 3 2 2 0 Meany.rf , 3 0 10 0
McLgn.rf 4 2 4 10 Irwln. 3b 4 0 0 1 o
Kaean.ss 5 0 10 2 Leahy.lb 4 0 2 15 0
Twnsd.lb 3 0 0 12 0 Zearfss.c 4 0 0 3 0
Shehn,3b 3 2 0 2 2'Krug. cf 3 0 0 4 0
Doyle, cf 3 I 1 3 0 Lynch. If 3 0 0 4 0
Hoiran. c 4 0 0 4 0 Dlmas,2b 3 110 6
Brown, p 4 2 1 0 2jHowelI,p 3 0 10 5
Totals 34 11 10 27 111 Totals 31 ~~1 ~5 27 17
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS. -
Sacramento •.• 2 2 0 4 0 0 11 i n
Base hits 2 2 0 2 0 0 11 2—10
San Francisco.... 0. 0 0 0 0 0*0 1 0 l
Base hits 1 0 0 00 0 1 2 1—5
SUMMARY.
BACRAMENTO. Sept. B. — San Francisco was
beaten from the start of the game to-day. The
Senators made four runs in the first two inn
ings and gained four more in the fourth
Howell. the Visalia amateur, was wild and
could not use his speed. Brown pitched a
masterly came, allowing only two hlu. one.
of which was a scratch, up to the eighth inn
lag. Score:
Hakes a Poor Showing Against the
Sacramento Batsmen.
PITCHEB HOWELL, IS WILD.
Stolen bases — Toman, Spies, Smith. Errors
— Wheeler, Corbett, Toman, Mohler, Brashear
Smith. Andrews, Janssing, Byers. Home runs
— Dillon. Lumley. Three-base hit — Cravath
First base on errors — Los Angeles 3. Seattle 4
First base on balls — Off Newton 5, off Barber
3. • Left on bases — Los Angeles 6, Seattle 7
Struck out— By Newton 6. Hit by pitcher
Corbett. Double plays — Smith to Brashear,
Mohler to Brashear, Newton to Toman to Dil
lon, Toman to Corbett to Dillon. Time 2
hours 5 minutes. Umpire — McDonald.
Los Angeles 2 1 4 0 1 0 1 2 x— 11
Base hits 2 14 12 0 2 1 x 13
Seattle 1 0 0 0 0 0 8 0 1 5
Base hits 1 0 0 0*1 1 8 0 8 9
BUMMART.
Los Angeles — I Beattle^ —
AB. R. H. P. A. I AB. R. H. P. A.
Hoy.cf.. 3 2 0 1 0 Lumly.cf 5 2 2 11
KVhler.8b 5 1111 Mohlr.2b 4 0 14 3
Corbtt,2b 4 10 2 4 Brshr.lb 4 0 19 1
Dlllon,lb 5 3 2 6 0 Smith.rf. 4 0 13 1
Cravth,rf 5 18 3 O,Zlnssr,lf. 5 0 10 0
Ross.lf.. 4 112 0Andw,3b. 4 0 0 2 1
Toman, Bs 3 12 6 3!Jfn.sng,is 4 10 2 2
Bpies.c. 4 116 OiByers.c. 3 12 2 0
Newtn.p. 4 0 3 0 3 Barbr.p.. 4 1112
Totals 37 11 13 27 11 Totals 37 ~5 ~9 24 11
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 5. — Two home runs,
one by Lumley and the other by Dillon. In the
first inning of to-day's game prepared the fans
for what follnfved. There were all sorts of
batting throughout the game, but the Seraphs
did most of it and won by a score of 11 to 5.
Errors were plentiful, but did not take the in
terest out of the game. Newton pitched good
ball excepting in the seventh and ninth ln
nlr.gs. Cravath, Newton, Dillon and Toman
did the heavy stick work for the locals. Byers
and Lumley did like service for Seattle. A re
markably quick double play In the third was
the real feature of the Rime. With Mohler on
first, Brashear hit to Dillon, who threw to To
man at eecond, forcing Mohler. Toman re
turned the ball to Dillon In time to put out
Brashear. Attendance 1500. Score:
Lumley and Dillon Each Score One
in the First Inning 1 .
HOME RUNS FOR THE ANGELS.
Arrangements for the mammoth labor
carnival to take place at Central Park
for ten nlght3 beginning October 1 axe
being rapidly completed. Judging from
the reports of those who have the affair
in charge It will be the most successful
affair of its kind ever attempted in this
city. In addition to being a carnival it
will be in the nature of a country fair,
thus affording to those not interested in
the doings of the men of brawn 'an op
portunity to enjoy themselves after their
own fashion. There will be all sorts of
booths and sideshows. Altogether the
carnival promises to be unique as well
as instructing. •
The feature of the entire affair will be
the tug-of-war tournament that will be
held during the ten nights of the carni
val In the amphitheater recently erected
by the Spanish handball players. A plat
form, raised six feet from the ground and
In full view of every one of the 3000 spec
tators for whom seats are provided, has
been erected. Even at this early date It
is the scene of some might/ struggles be
tween the men of brawn and muscle, for
they are practicing nightly there and
conditioning themselves for the October
St Tha.t C the affair Is attracting . consider
able atetntion is shown by the fact that
there are already fifteen teams entered
for the tug-of-war tournamem. The men
who have been selected to pull for glory
and the large prizes that have been of
fered the best teams are all big, husky
fellows, skilled In the art of pulling upon
a rope Each team wants to carry off
the first prize, and the knowledge that
it will be something handsome Is spur
ring the men on.
Those who have seen the men at prac
tice recall the days when the internation
al tournament was held In this city and
the excitement that prevailed during that
time Mechanics' Pavilion was packed to
the doors every night by natives of Scot
land England, France, Greece, Ireland.
Italy, Wales, Norway, Sweden and this
Many "of the men who took part in that
tournament have signified their Intention
of entering the lists this time and are al
ready In training. It will be a case of
trade against trade, instead of flag
against flag, as was the case In the in
ternational tournament. Plasterers will
pull against teamsters, sailors against
longshoremen, machinists against plumb
ers and so on. The linemen, who are ex
pert wire-pullers, have entered a team,
and so have the ironworkers. • They are
all hard-handed, hard-muscled sons : of
toll and should put up a struggle worth
going miles to see. _.
The Qualifying round over eighteen
fcoles, medal play, fcr a match play com
petition was partly played yesterday on
the Presidio solf course. The following
competitors handed in scores:
First Second
Competitor* — Round. Round. Total.
G. B. Sierr 41 44 sr.
S. L. Abbott Jr 47 41 ¦ (vS
H. M. Hoyt 47 41 8S
H- C. Golcher 4% 41 s>
)>r. J. R. Clark 4» 40 K*
"W. J. Duttcn 48 4« iH
L. B. Edwards 43 4« . X>
A. C. : Bin«:ham />••- 4S 4S W
R I. Bentley. 50 47 117
X*. O.' Helloes 43. SO 99
C. H. B-r.tKy-.... M -"1 102
F. II. Bearer 50 49 .103
Players may Qualify at any time up to
6 p. m. to-day, the first eighteen holes
played to constitute the qualifying score.
B. D; Adamson and others will play qual
ifying rounds to-day. The eight who re
turn the lowest scores will be drawn
against each other for match play. The
first and second rounds of match play
must be completed before Admission day.
On Admission day there will be a club
handicap, over eighteen holes, medaj play,
on the Presidio links. Prizes are offered
for th« Erst and (second best net scores
e.r.6 a prize for the best gross score.
A remarkable incident happened yes
terday on the Presidio course. \V. J.
Dutton, at the fourth hole, the distance
of which is 125 yards, holed out in one
stroke. The usual penalty was demanded
&T.d checrfuJly paid.
Another ante-breakfast handicap is to
be be«un. It will consist of five rounds
egainst "bogey." Entries must be re
ceived not later than the 15th inst., and
the rounds must be completed on or be
fore the 30th inst.
Lowest Eight Scorers Will Take Part
in a Match Contest During
the Holidays.
GOLFERS AT PRESIDIO
PLAY QUALIFYING ROUND
Enter for Tug -of- War
Tourney to Be Held
at Central Park.
Boston 6 7 l
Philadelphia 6 9 2
Batteries — Carney and Moran; Fraser and
Roth. ¦
PITTSBURG. Sept. 5. — The wildness of Win
ham and Cincinnati's errors kept up the ex
citement and interest from the first inning to
tfce last. Attendance, 5200. Score:
R. H. E.
Brooklyn 1 2 0
Batteries — Matthewson and Warner; Reldy
and Rltter.
F-OSTGN. Sept. 5. — To-day's proposed dou
ble-beader was stopped at the end of the slxtn
irnlng of the first game on account of rain,
with the score a tie. The vleltiors had a safe
lead up to the sixth inning, when Boston
6truck a batting rally, netting five runs. At
tendance, £73. Score:
R. H. E.
EROOKLYN. Sept. 5.— New York defeated
Brooklyn In to-day's game, which was called
on account cf rain. The local team had one
man out In the latter half of the sixth Inning.
bo that the score reverted to the five completed
ir.nings. Attendance, 7000. Ecoje:
R. H. E.
Xew York 3 4 1
Rein Interferes With Baseball on
Several of the Eastern
Diamonds.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
NEW YORK IS VICTOR
IN FIVE-INNING GAME
SONS OF TOIL
WILL STRUGGLE
SCOTTISH BOWLERS MEET
ON THE PUBLIC GREEN
Practice and * Tournament Matches
Are Played by Experts in.
• Golden Gate Park.
The members of the San Francisco
Scottish Bowling Club were out In force
yesterday afternoon on the Golden Gate
Park green. Besides the usual large num
ber of singles and doubles practice
matches, three of the tournament con
tests were played. This event was com
menced three weeks ago with an entry
list of sixty-four, the largest ever record
ed in a tournament of this kind.
The tourney matches yesterday were
somewhat one-sided, the match between
E. C. Mcdau and R. Frohman being the
closest. Foreman when he had made his
necessary twenty-one points was five
ahead of his opponent.
J. C. Moffat won from Robert Dalzlel
in a decisive manner, the latter only be
ing able to win eight points when Moffat
had run up the required twenty-one.
The third competition was between T.
N. Latimer and Andrew Wilkle. The
former was too steady for hia opponent
and won by a score of 21 to 12.
A number of tournament contests are
expected to be played at the park to
morrow. Labor day.
Libel for Wages.
"William Crone filed a libel yesterday in
the United States District Court against
the American steamer Cordelia Heald to
recover $418, balance of wages alleged to
be due.
WILL HOLD BZOATTA
ON" ADMISSION DAY
TRAVIS IS AGAIN
GOLF CHAMPION
Defeats Eben M. Byers
In the National
Tournament.
NEW YORK. Sept. 8.— For the- third tte»
Walter J. Travis, representing ths- Gardes
City Golf Club, has won the- amateur golf
championship of the United States. H» woa
his third victory to-day la the- final th!rty-»lx
hole round of the national tournament on
the links of the Nassau Country Club by flva
up and four to play. Ebea M. Byers of the
Allegheny Country Club of Pittsbur* w« the
runn«r-up. Byers beat TravT* la last year**
championship by one hole, but tb«« veteran
champion of two preceding years had his re
venge to-day. Travis played superior golf
and while from the tees honors were about
even. Travis was far ahead of h.'a your.* op
ponent in approaching aad putting. H« ap
proached with machine-lika accuracy and the
*urenes3 of his putting at from tarve to tea
feet was a feature.
The final half of th* round started In ths
afternoon with Travl a four up. Th« first two
holes were halved and a long pat guv* Travis
the next. Byers took the fifth. 405 yards, in
four, outclassing Travis this time in reaching
the green. Four holes wer» then halved,
leaving Travis still four up In the ninth green
of tie second round. ¦ Byers showed weakness
in putting on both the eighth and ninth
greens. In each case missing put* of from
three to four feet, respectively, to win ti>»
bole. "By driving out of bounds on the eighth
tee and then going into the sand bunker on
his side Travis rave Byers a grand chance,
but br weak putting: the latter faUed to ac
cept the advantage. Travis won the tenth
hole In four from a twelve-foot put. but
Byers got the eleventh hole by laying Travis
a stymie. Accurate approaching gave Travis
the twelfth hole, returning him to his lead by
five up. He played steadily on the next two
boles and they were halved, bringing the.
game to a close on the fourteenth «reen la
the afternoon round. The card's for the latter
half were:
Travis^ —
Out 4 8 8 4 5 3 3 6 5—40
In 4 4 4 4 5 —21
Total „.. 61
Byers —
Out 4 S 4 4 4 5 3 '6 5—40
In ...... ...... 5 3 5 4 5 —22
Total 62
« ? » i
"When a boy Is given permission to go
on a trip he begins to scheme around for
a plan to get off without bidding the kin
good-by.
Oakland Canoe Club Announces Its
Programme of Races and Other
Aquatic Events. :
OAKLAND, Sept. 6. — Th© Oakland
Canoe Club will hold a regatta on Ad
mission day at Sessions Basin. Sunday
the club will sail In squadron to escort
the Encinal Yacht Club's delegation to
the clubhouse. Following is the pro
gramme for Admission day:
At 12 o'clock — Handicap canoe race over the
five-mile trianeular course of the Oakland
Canoe Club, for two silver cups offered by
the Oakland Canoe Club, the Encinal Tacht
Club and the Olympic Boat Club. Jointly: first
prize to canoe sailing beat time around the
course; second prize to canoe with best cor
rected time.
The entries for the various clubs are:
Oakland Canoe Club — Canoes; Vitesse. Sec
retary R. B. Bain Jr.; Pirate, F. J. Rodgers;
Nereid, Charles L. Taylor Jr.; Codla, Frank
Paul; Brownie, J. R. Kenna.
Encinal Yacht Club — Frisk. Commodore A.
D. Harrison; Echo,. Edward Shaw; Vim, J. A.
Landsberger; No Name, J. O'Kell; Jack, C.
Wright; Mist, H. M. Landsberger; Janet, Ed
car Painter.
Olympic Boat Club — Whim, W. B. Fulton;
Sprite, Charles Brandenstein; Coquette. F. B.
Bain; Bonita, Walter Bates; Blue Demon W.
H. Smith. ' .
At 2 o'clock— Race for yachts, nineteen feet
water line and over, for a silk pennant. En
tries: Sloop Beatrice. Commodore Charles
Stewart: cat boat Surprise. Vice Commodore
H. G. Hlnckley: sloop Flash. R. Z, Chapman;
sloop Surf. Edward McLaren; sloop Ahwahne,
W. T. White; cat boat Loiterer (Encinal), W.
A. Blssell.
At 3:30 o'clock— Race for paddling canoea.
Entries : F. J. * Rodzers, Arthur Bruman.
Charles Brandensteln, Edward Rousae, F.
Pierson. S. A. Hackett. 5
At 4 :3CL o'clock — Swimming and tub racea.
The officers of the course will be: Referee.
Commodore Charles Stewart; Judges, Edward
Rousse and Dr. S. A. Hackett; timers. T.
Stewart Bowens and A. H. Cohen: clerk of
course. Vice Commodore H. Q. Hlnckley.
which teams of five men each competed.
The first prize included a trophy, a medal
to each member of the team and $30 in
cash. The team "representing Squadron
A, New York, finished In the lead by a
total of 849 out of a possible 1300. The
second prize was won by Battery A, Mas
sachusetts, with a total of 846; the third
prize by the Third Battalion, District of
Columbia, with a total of 831, and the
fourth prize by the First Troop, Phila
delphia City Cavalry, with a total of 676.
Troop A, New Jersey, entered the
match, but withdrew before its conclu
sion. As a result of the test made to-day
with the hyposcope an extra match ha3
been .added to the programme. It is
termed the hyposcope match, and the
conditions call for six shots at 300 yards,
magazine fire.
Bragg Wins a Mile and a Six
teenth Event From
Fonsoluca.
Tlm«. 2:SSV4- Start good. Won easily.
Winn«r Newman &. Egan'a ch. h. by Dona
tello-Eplna!. Hucena 9S. Satin Coat 101, Coun
ter Tenor 106. Ruth L 89. also ran.
SEVENTH RACE — Ona and a half miles;
Felling:
Betting. Horsa. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to 1 — Tony Lepplng. OS (Shea).. 2 11 lit,
4 to 1 — Gin Spray, 103 (Louden). 6 2 2 2
11 to B— South Breeze. 9S (Perkins) 3 6 3 10
SrXTH RACE— Mile and 20 yards; selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. »; Fin.
7 to 1— Ladas. 104 (Louden) ft 2 1 3
6 to 1— Varna Fonso 83 I Perkins) 8 5 2 1>4
15 to 1 — False. 104 (T. Garrison). 3 3 3n
' Time, 1:<4*4. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, J. T. Mengrel'g ch. g. by Abana-Bon
nie Lass. Sting 1O4, Branch 104. Exapo 92.
E'.lza Dillon 09. Lasso 102. The Advocate 92,
Whaleback 107, Aunt Bettie 91, Noweta 97,
Ranchman ' 05. also ran
FIFTH RACE — One and an eighth miles;
handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. Et. %, Fin.
13 to 10— Little Scout 108 (Shehn) 2 3 11
2 t~ 1— Taby Tosa. 104 (Louden) 3 2 2 n
C to 1— Flintlock. 106 (F. Smith) 113 5
Time. l:04*i. Start pood. Won easily.
¦Winner. O. C Bennett & Co.'s ch. c. by
Laraplighter-Little Indian. Josie F 90. Rio
Shannon S2. also ran.
FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; Autumn sell-
Ing stakes:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. Bt. % Fin.
7 to 5— Frank Bell. 107 (Shea)... 2 111
•1 to 2— Hilee. 107 (F. Smith).... 12 2 5
•1 to 2— Dave Soamer* 101 (Boyd) 3 3 3
Time. 1:14*4- Start good. Won easily.
Winner. J. W. O'Neal's b. b. by Big Henry-
Flora Leach. 'Coupled in the betting.
THIRD RACE— Six furlonrs; selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. »4 Fin.
7 to 6 — Scalper. 108 (J. Sheehan). 3 2 12
7 to 2— Allegrette 107 (Howell)... 5 1 2 n
4 to 1— Kilo. 103 (D. Austin) 4 3 S n
Time, 1:17V«. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, E. S. Gardiner's br. c. by Qulckllme-
Soubrett© II. Letch 103. Enigma 100, also ran.
Time. 1:2S4. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. R. Rice's br. m. by The Chevalier-
Florine, Joe Lesser 100, also ran.
SECOND RACE^ — Seven furlongs: purse:
Betting. Korse. Weight. Jockey. St. =4 Fin.
14 to 1 — Orleans. 109 <<Jeonre> 1 1 1 1»4
3 to 1 — Helen Print 109 (Smith). 4 4 2 2
5 to 2 — Orris. 103 (J. Sheehan)... 3 2 3 2
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 5.— The Autumn hand
icap, at six furlongs, worth 51500 to the
winner, was the feature of an excellent
programme at Delmar to-day. Three
starters were sent to the post in the
stake, and of these but two were con
tenders. Tl?ey were Frank Bell and Hilee,
and both carried heavy public backing.
Dave Sommers, the other starter, was
coupled with Hilee as the Elliott entry.
A beautiful, sunshiny day brought out
one of the largest crowds of the meeting.
Summary:
FIRST RACE— Flv© furlongs; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. ?i Fin.
12 to 5— Haven Run. 1OJ (Eheehan) 5 4 1 6
8 to 1— Tiomaine 95 (Upton) 4 3 2 n
20 to 1 — Ache. 1U6 (Eoydj 3 2 3 l>i
Time — l:03U- Start jrood. Won easily.
"Winner. W. Morris & Co.'s b. c. by Prlg-
Handycup. Easter Walters 100, Peach Juice
103, WootFey Winierd 108, Lena S 103, Yenom
97. Sweetnote 105. Bertha 101. Edna Daniels
100. Bonnie Logan 106. also ran.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Messerly inaugurated the little "matinee
in the Cripples' half of the second round.
He led oft with a clean drive. Then Uncle
Peter responded with another, and so it
went down the line, every one taking a
swipe at one of Butler's best and send
ing the ball on a mad career to the iso
lated corners of the lot, where no waiting
fielder's mitt was ready to receive it.
When the bombardment at last came
to a close Mr. Butler was told to be seat
ed on the bench, and Mr. Thielman trot
ted out and got" busy on the firing line.
The little German was the goods for the
rest of the game. They only landed on
him four times and secured two runs,
one of which he allowed with a wild
pitch.
Meanwhile the "Red Dog," Mr. Brindle
Devereaux, was pitching some that the
Brownies could not solve, try as they
might. To be sure, they landed every
once in a while on ono of Bill's specials,
but never with force enough to do any
damage. In the fourth O'Hara and Mes
serly made a pair of errors. This allowed
a run. The only time the Brownies hit
Bill's offerings hard was during the pro
gress of the eighth, when three in a row
netted one more, the last for them.
After the came many of the generous
fans had a sort of meeting and decided
to throw Bill a few pieces of money in
recognition of the way he handled him
self during the stormy siege. So they
began to shower the coin from the stand
and Bill graciously accepted it He Is
richer bv J2 71.
Sam Morris, the Indian pitcher, will join
the Brownies this evenlnc and will make
his San Francisco bow in. Monday after
noon's game, pitching against Devereaux.
The score:
Portland— I Oakland—
AB.R. H. P.A.I ARR.H.P.A.
Blake, rf.4 0 10 0 O'Har, cf.5 12 10
VnBn. cf.4 0 2 0 0 Frncks, s.3 3 2 0 6
Nadau. If .4 O 11 0! Mosk, 3b.3 0 111
Adsrn, 2b.l 0 0 1 O.Schtz. 2b.4 0 2 7 7
Raidy. 2b.3 110 l'Mrdck, rf.4 0 0 10
Frncs, 3b. I 1 0 1 SlMsrly. lb.4 2 2 11 0
Holngs, B.4 0 1 1 4!Lhman, c.4 1 2 0 0
Elsey. lb.4 0 2 17 0 Krugr. lf.3 115 1
Shea, C...4 0 13 1 Dvrux, p.2 0 0 1 1
Butler, p.O 0001
Thlmn, p.3 . O 1 O 4 Totals.S2 8 12 27 1«
•McFrln .10 10 0
Totalf.36 2 11 24 16'
•Batted for Butler in third.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Portland 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 1 0 — 2
Base hits 0 O 2 1 1 113 2—11
Oakland 1 6 O 1 O O 0 1 x — S
Base hits 26110101 x— 12
SUMMARY.
Hits oft Butler S, off Thielman 4. Stolen
bases — Francks 3. Errors — Messerly, O'Hara,
Raidy. Two-baj?e hits — McFarlan, Francks.
Schwartz 2. Lohman, Mosklman, Messerly.
Sacrifice hits — Devereaux 2. Kruger. First base
on errors — Oakland 1, Portland 1. First base
on called balls — Off Thtelman 1. Left on bases
— Oakland 4. Portland 7. Struck out — By
Thielman 3. Double plays — Mosklman to
Schwartz to Mcfserly; Francks to Schwartz to
Merserly; Kruger to Schwartz; Thielman to
Hollingsworth to Elsey. Wild pitch— Thlel- i
man. Time of game — 1 hour and 00 minutes.
Umpire — Levy-
Such a walloping has not been equaled
here in a lone time. Every hit that
sounded and echoed through the expanse
of the lot was a clean one with that gen
uine baseball ring to it.
Big: Ike Butler was sent out on the
mound yesterday afternoon to baffle the
Cripples at Recreation Park. He bravely
took up the burden. Then the Cripples
took him up, mildly at first, but finally
with a determination that would drive
any slabster to the timbers. "When it
¦was all over the Cripples had amassed
bIx, and the game was theirs, though it
dragged along for seven more innings.
Score 8 to 2. fc
FEVENTH RACE— One asfl a Quarter miles.
Betting. Hor«e. Weight. Jockey. Bt. «i. Fin.
3 to 1 — Our Bessie, &4 <Ph!!llpe).. 4 3 1 h
3 to 4 — Floyd K-. S7 <L. Wilson).. 3 2 2 C
p to 1 — Kur.Ja, OS (J. Booker 1 ) 113 2
Tim*. 2:07. Start good. Won easily. Win
rer, J. F. Newman's fcr. f. by Lord Dalxner.y-
Beseie Blsland. Plrateer 10t, Essence 99. Give
All 99. Erne 89. Bcinersault M. also ran.
SIXTH RACE — Six furlongs, eelllng:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. 5i. Fia.
7 to 2 — Bay Wonder. S3 iFerrell). 5 114
12 to 1— Albernarle. 93 (Bridewell) 6 2 2 2
S3 to 1— Mr Jcfcnson. 101 (Knapp) 2 3 3 h
Time. 1:13 3-5. Start rood. Won easily.
XVinr.er, J. F. Newman's b. g. by Lord Dal
meny-'Fa'.tt-.le.ss. Zyra 102, Lovable 99. Mezzo
101. Headwater 106. Dodona £K>. Fleuron 107.
SliLnsard JOS, Brimful 69, Angelo 102. Ontona
ron P9, Klorettan 65, Hudson €»9, Iwanta 111,
also ran.
FIFTH RACE — On» tslle, rurse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. ¦». Fin.
8 to 2— Ancke. 87 (Robbing) 1 1 1 2»i
S to 1 — By Ways, U3 (1^. Wilson). 3 3 2 h
3 to 2 — Co'.loaade. 66 (S. Bonner) 2 2 3 4
Tlrr.e, 1:40. Start bad. Wen easily. Win
ner. L. 6. Sire's ch. f. by Locohatchie-IIarlem.
Xje.tr Joceljn &3. Lurallghter HO, Christine A
63. Lacy Crawford 96, Jackf;:! 93, also ran.
FOURTH RACE— One anfl a g!xtee=th mtlei,
fcasilcap:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. Bt. %, Fin.
Jl to 5 — Bragg. 104 (W. Knapp).. 3 2 11
7 to 1 — Korusoluca. 105 (Hoffler).. 6 4 2 1
7 to 1 — Callant. 103 <H. Philllpe). 2 3 3 S
Time. 1:46 2-5. Start goo*. Won easily.
Vnnner, J. Curl's b. c. by P!iidartha-Cant»
trloe. Bessie McCarthy 106. Major Terny 97,
Hfce Don &t, also ran.
THIRD RACE — Six furlongs. Junior handl-
Btp:
Setting. Hone. Welyht. Jockey. Et. %. Fin.
12 to 1 — Don Demo. 118 (Ferrell). 1112
£ to l-*uverwlr.gs. 10S (Won'ly) 4 2 2 1
10 to 1 — Pauy Bro»-n, 109 (Wilson) 2 3 3 1
Tlffle, 1:12 4-5. Siart good. Wen la a can
ter. Winner. J. F. Netrman 1 * rr. g. by Ran
eo^os-Faithle**. English Lad 122. Rockamay
107. Mayor David 6. Rose 100. J. P. Mayherry
101. Fath«r T»!!«it 106. Commodore 106, Tole
do 106. Elwood ldti. Tryoa 107. Mary Hill -j7,
S.'.zo ran.
SECOND RACE — Six furlonc*. purse:
»etttryr. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. K. Fin.
7 to 20 — A. Gifcscn. 103 (Wilson). 1 1 mi
6 to 1 — Jack Ratlin. 117 (Bonner) 3 4 2 h *
6 to 1— S ra Winder. SS (PttUUpc) 2 3 3 3
Time, 1:13 2-5. Start toot. Won In a can
ler. Winner, GorcEa & Baufr** ch. g. by
Paver-Kate Pt'.lctler. Bcnsonhurst also ran.
CHICAGO. Sept. 5.— Don Domo, the
•"gray etreak." about which so much has
been said concerning his ability to go
a distance and pack weight, proved con
clusively in the Junior handicap at Har
lexa to-day that he Is away above any
thoroughbred of his age In the West.
With IIS pounds on his back and In a
field cf thirteen horses he set all. the
pace, led by three lengths throughout and
then won by two lengths In a common
Eallcp. The track was fast, the weather
Oar end cool and the largest crowd of
the- meeting was present Summary:
FIRST RACE— E!x furier-ps. eellir.j:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *;. Fin.
6 to 1— \estry, f-i (J. Booker) 10 5 1 h
4 to J— Ftrst Attea-pt. ti5 (Bon'tr) 8 12 1
K0 to 1 — Sardine, 108 (Wonder!*-) . . 1 8 3 h
Time. 1:14 1-5. Start eood. Won driving,
pinner. K. S. Gardner's ch. f. by Masetto-
Tjenice. Mary McCafferty 6S. Jo* Goes l(M,
rtivol 107. B*rd Bum* 1CS. Mocorlto 101 Hay-
Acn 106. Lady Drerer 101. also ran.
Special DlFpatch to The Call.
Mixed doubles, preliminary round— Miss May
Sutton and A. C. Way beat Miss Dobbins and
A. E. Bell. 6-2, 6-3.
First round — Mrs. Seymour and L. R. F*ree
man beat Miss Violet Sutton and R. H. H.
Variel. 7-5, «-6. 6-2 r Miss Valleau and Percy
Murdock beat Miss Mary Ratcliffe and Guy
Lytton, 6-S. 6-4, 6-2; Miss May Sutton and
Way beat Miss Seymour and Collier, 6-0, 6-3;
Mies Florence Sutton and J. D. MacGavin
beat Miss Ethel RatcllfTe and C. S. Gayness
by default. - ¦ ¦ .. , .
Semi-finals — Mrs. fieymour and Freeman
beat Miss Valleau and Murdock. 6-3. 7-5; Miss
May Sutton and Way vs. Miss Florence Sut
ton and MacGavin.
Women's doubles, secii-fln&Is — Miss Florence
Button and Miss Dobbins beat Misses May and
Violet Sutton by default.
Final — Miss Sutton and Miss Dobbins beat
the Misses Ratcliffe. 6-1. 0-7.
- The largest crowd of th» week was
present at the San Rafael tennis courts
yesterday to witness the championship
match In men's doubles. One and all
went over to witness a thrilling match.
Consequently there was great disappoint
ment fjv-hen It was announced that owing
to the Illness of Grant Smith, one of the
contestants, a postponement would be
necessary.
Smith was too badly used up In his
match with Bell on the previous day to
play yesterday. Freeman and Bell could
have claimed the match and champion
ship by default, but declined to do so.
The match has been Bet for Tuesday af
ternoon, the final of the singles being
scheduled for to-morrow and the singles
championship for Wednesday.
In the morning the final of the women's
doubles .-was played and In the' afternoon
several mixed doubles matches were
played instead of the men's doubles
championship. -
The doubles resulted in a victory for
Miss Gabriel Dobbins and Miss Florence
Sutton, who beat the Ratcliffe sisters of
Berkeley In the final. The northern girls
made a much better showing than was
expected, the second set being JK7. In the
semi-flnal round the Misses May and
Violet Sutton, who held the championship,
defaulted to Miss Dobbins and Miss Flor
ence Sutton. The former were not pres
ent when their match was called.
In the mixed doubles play was com
pleted in one half down to the final and
in the other down to the semi-finals. In
the upper half Mrs. Seymour" and Louis
Freeman won a place in the final and will
meet the winners of the match between
Miss May Sutton and A. C. "Way and
Miss Florence Sutton and J. D. Mac-
Gavin.
Miss Valteau and Percy Murdock played
the closest match with Miss Mary Rat
cliffe and Guy Lytton. The Alameda
team won by a small margin. Miss May
Sutton and Way beat Miss Seymour and
Collier easily.
On Monday and Tuesday the mixed
doubles will be concluded and a consola
tion singles for men played.
The final of the men's singles will be
played Monday afternoon, the champion
ship doubles Tuesday afternoon and the
championship Blngles Wednesday after
noon.
The matches played yesterday resulted
as follows: f.
Interesting Matches to Come
in the San Rafael
Tournament.
Little Scout Beats Taby Tosa
in Mile and an Eighth
Race.
Bill Devereaux Holds Port
land Sluggers Down
Throughout.
Two Sprinters Compete
in Delmar's August
Handicap.
"Gray Streak" Annexes
Harlem Feature
Galloping.
The Misses Sutton Lose
Tennis Honors by
Default.
Bombard His Offerings
for Six Runs in
Two Innings.
HILEE OUTRUN
BY FRANK BELL
CHAMPIONS FAIL
TO DEFEND TITLE
JUNIOR HANDICAP
FOR DON DOMO
CRIPPLES LAND
ON IKE BUTLER
BASEBALL, TENNIS, GOLF AND TIMELY FIELD SPORTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1903.
29
¦___ ' '] APV~BTTS~W'RT~r3. - ;
I^QGeeoooeeooooeoooeeocooedoooeoooodoeoooeoo^ooooooooQosoeooooooofl
! HEALTH and STRENGTH
• THE KEY TO HAPPINESS
I 1 WILL PAY $1,000 FORFEIT
• For a case of Nervous Debility, Varicocele, Rheumatism, Lame Back, Lumbago, Sciatica, any case of Kjd-.
• ney Disease that has not gone as far as Bright'a Disease, Indigestion, Constipation, Female Weakness, with
5 its many attending symptoms, or any .weakness, which I cannot cure with my new improved Electric Belt,
0 the marvel of electricians, the most wonderful curative device that_ has ever been introduced.
9 To" the broken-down man; it is new life/ new ambition, new spirit; to the weak, ailing woman it brings
% joy and gladness with freedom from her ills. — - — - - -•-
I ; This Belt, Is Complete With Free Electric Attachment for Weak Men. I
0 This Electric Attachment carries the current direct and cures all weaknesses, etc. It develops and expands all weak nerves. X*
JT case of Falling Vigor, Varicocele or Debility can resist the powerful Electric Attachment. It never fails to cure. It Is tree with Belts
2 for weak men. . ' • 1 ¦ - .
• i*» man -should be wesk. no man-should Buffer the loss of -that" -vttal ¦ element which renders Hre worth llvta*. ?fo man should
0 allow himself to become less a man than nature Intended him, when there Js at hand a certain cure for his weakness. • - - -
m Most of the pains, moat of the weakness of- stomach, heart, brain and nerves, from which people suffer, are dua to an early
X loss of nature's reserve -power. You need not suffer for this. You can b» restored. The very element which you have lost you caa
J? get back, and you may be as happy as any person that' lives." "
6 Easy to Wear! ; Cures While You Sleep! Never Fails!
® Cures - Kervous -Weakness. Lest Memory. -Loss of- Strength. "'Weak Back and TCldney Trouble. Rheumatic Fa'.rj tn Back. Hips).
9 Shoulders and Chest. Lumbago, Sciatica, Torpid Liver, Indigestion and Dyspepsia,
• vit»iw.ik M ..,v.ri. 8 «i^Li».^ _j_.Back.-iHd.IMoq.Ii«UBi loiaga.
© Dr. McL&ughlin: El Monte, Cal., 1903. . . Ton- r_ 1003
O Dear Btr— Last July I purchased one of Dr. McLaughlin: _ M T . „ * * * XUVA> ' I
0 your high-grade Belts and can truthfully Dear 6>r— I had suffered a, number of Dr - MeLaughlin:
a say that I have not felt the least bit of years from weak kidneys and lame back
S pain In my back since then. The pains' when I bought one of your high-grade Belts. Dear Sir — It Is bow two months since I
5 which I formerly had, and which were the and am pleased to be able to tell you that nrrvm-«* imni. TL.Tf .ti* — ¦» .j.iiT.^ ,¦,.„ La
• result of the varicocele. have also dlsap- it has done me more good than the com- P"*--: Tour Belt and my regular b*> of
0 peared. I think the Belt is a wonder, and blned efforts of a great number of physl- the appliance for that linrta of tlm» has
_ it did not inconvenience mo In the least dans whom I tried before beginning your
• while I was wearing it. I began to pick treatment. Your "Belt is surely a wonder. mad« ma feel like a new man, better la
_ up a short time after I commenced its use, and I will gladly recommend it to any one «._ _._. -.*_. »_,.*. >,_ _ . v_.v
• and the fact that I am able to tell you of afflicted as I was. It Is the cheapest and eTerT way " Mr *— :k doe> not *"**** »•
0 my complete cure has given me such con- safest cure a man can obtain. any now. ¦ and I will speak a good wont
0 fldenc* In the treatment that I gladly rec- Wishing you continued success and with for your Belt whenever I can. Tours re-
O ommend it to any one suffering as I did. kindest regards. I remain, yours gratefully. ,,_.»^ti.»
_ Yours very truly, H. A. LBHNDORFF. spectrally.
• CLAREXCE JENKINS (Box 676). Proprietor El Monte Hotel. SAMUEL A 1~W1S (Box M)
S Call and Test It To-Day! If You Can't Call, Send for My Book— Free.
• I know that no person remains a weakling because h« wants to: I am sure you want to overcome every Indication of early dec«T
9 that has shown Itself on -you. I don't think the person lives who would not like to feel as big and strong as a Sandow and I kn^w
A that If you have a reasonable foundation to build upon I can make you a bigger person than you ever hoped to be Iwant" y^ to kSoZ
5 that, you who can t believe It. and I want you to have my book. In which I describe how I learned that strength was only e"e£
• trlcity. and how I learned to restore it; also I want to tell you the names of some pwple who will tell you that when they came to bm
9 they were physical wrecks and are now among the finest specimens of physical manhood. -
0 I want you to read this book and lea— .the truth about my arguments. If you are not aa vigorous as you would like to be If too
8 dr. m. c. Mclaughlin, 906 Market St., r n ve F rci«o
• Office hours— 8 a. m. to 8 p. xn. Sundays, 10 to 1.
•oo»ae»oo»o»oeo>ott»»»e»otto««oo«e»»a»»»»»*e»»o^«o««««a__________»_«
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OUT TO-DAY
Spaldin^ Official
Foot
dnk Ball
ft __3
EH EDITED BT
:«^'?_|T ' *'* )8>VALTER'.CA1_ /
. *Sr CONTAINS
The New Rules
For ;i003. as recommended by the Rules
' Committee, with diagram of field as newly
arranged; special chapters on the Game of
Football, Football for the Spectator, • All-
America. Teams, Middle West Football -
Football West of Mississippi- River, South-
ern Football, Southwestern Football. Rec-
ords of Teams, Canadian Football, Details
of Principal Changes in Rules for 1003, and
Pictures of All; the.1 Prominent Teams.
Embracing Nearly "3000 Players.
PRICE >IO CENTS.
' For sale by, all newsdealers arid
A. C. 8PAIDING &. BROS.
578 Mission St, San Francisco.
New York ¦ v Chicago Philadelphia
Boaton Buffalo Baltimore
Denver . . St..I~uia.- Kansas' City
Minneapolis ' \ ' •-.*•'_• • Montreal. Can.
Write for Spaldlng'a Complete Catalogue of
i , Fall and .Winter. Scorts. Free hx MalL ••
ADVEBTISEIDSIJTS.
The selfsame quality which en-
deared Blatz beer to lovers Of
the beverage fifty years ago has
been maintained to this day.
While the facilities have been
vastly improved Blatz prin-
ciples have been steadily ad-
hered "to. It's the beverage for
all — and a most logical one for
hot days.
YAL BLATZ BREWIKGCO., MILWAUKEE
Braunschweiger & Co., inc.
5 and 7 DRUMM ST., San Francisco.
Tel. Main 164& Wholesale Dealers.
L ; I ADVE~.TISEM~Ir~rS. N
I DR. I*A\— IIESCE'S "WOXD EBFCL ~ ETV IMPROVED 1 1
M^ VACUUM DEVELOPER I
\E&_f?C^ AXD IWICORATOU.
unSr^r^y With Xe— • Patented Perfect Dlaphrnsrm, and Other
"•¦°*_3a*k ¦ * ImproTemeatii, Sold Only by Vm,
1 r~— Unlrkly RrMorea Lo>t Strength. Permanently Cnren
- ' S" • Varicocele, Drains. Strlctnre and Prostatle Trouble*
I by a ilmple HOME TKEATMEXT.
The VACUUM DEVELOPER stimulates and energizes the nerT»
I' force and Induces a full and free circulation of blood into the debili-
tated parts, thus permanently strengthening and developtr.s them.
c 1 call or write tor our 64-pag* Illustrated book No. 6. showing ta*
' ? I . n_le system and explaining our special treatment.
• I Sent plain sealed free.
< !i , All Diseane* of Men. Contracted Disorders, etc.. treated aad
* ; cured by our specialists, even when others fall.
> Consultation Free and > confidential, at offices or by malt,
Hcurs — 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. Sundays. 10 a. m. to 1 p. m . Op«a evening*.
i jjjijl >- Xo Money Required Until Cored.
HEALTH APPLIANCE CO.,
6 O'FafFcIl St., near Market St., San Francisco. ¦ *No Job too email for our careful attention.
MyaeU-RoUlns, 22 Clay,- printers and binders.-*
Inventors! M. P. Srhell, model maker. C29
Mission street. Experimental . machinery and
•novelties of all kinds. Modern ¦hop. •
J. McLeary, a member of the crew of
the British ship Stronsa, died in the Ma
rine Hospital yesterday morning of Inju
ries received by a fall from the rigging
of the ship on August 20.
Killed by a Fall.
The charge of embezzlement preferred
by J. H. Sayre against F. H. Hausman
was 'dismissed oh Friday by Police Judge
Cabaniss. The Judge said the charge was
groundless and seemed to have been made
with the intention so.eiy of injuring and
annoying the defendant
Charge Was Groundless.
! Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists. COc flask. Richard & Co.. 406 Clay. •
Bundaye. Labor day and Admission day offer
Fplendid opportunity to wpend a day In Mill
Valley, Larkspur, Ross Valley, Fairfax cr San
Rafael. Fourteen to eighteen trains dally via
Haurallto ferry. Fare 25c to 50c, round trip.
See the third-rail electric eyntem. A novelty
and a great success. Tlckel office North Shore
R. R.. 626 Market St., 5. F.; phone Private
Lx'hinge 166. , •
A Day in Sunny Mar in.
Samuel M. Shortridge occupied the
whole of yesterday's session of the
United States District Court in making
an argument before United States Dis
trict Judge de Haven on his motion for a
new trial in the case of the United States
against William H. Dillard, convicted of
having issued four fraudulent Chinese
certificates of registration whlie acting as
a clerk in the office of the United States
Collector of ' Internal Revenue in this
city.
Mr. Shortridge based a large part of his
motion on the court's instructions to the
jury, and the admission of certain evi
dence the counsel contended was improp
er.
Ben ' Li. McKInley, Assistant United
States District Attorney, replied on be
half of the Government.
Both parties were allowed two days in
which to file briefs. y\^
Argues That the Court Erred in In
structing the Jury in Dil
lard Case.
Prince A. Ponlatowski yesterday ten
dered his resignation as president of the
Sierra Railway, with which he has been
identified since its construction. His pur
posed retirement from the head of the
road follows his determination to leave
San Francisco shortly and engage in
banking business abroad.
The board of directors of the Sierra
Railway will meet in this city a week
from to-morrow, when the resignation of
the Prince will be accepted, and most
likely T. S. Bullock, present general man
ager of the road, will be elected to the
higher office, which he will fill in connec
tion with his Drespnt duties.
Head of the Sierra Railway Will Be
Succeeded by General Man
ager Bullock.
This committee is advised that exhibits to
this congress will be transported by the
Southern Pacific Company to Ogden free by
freight and express. The Oregon Railway and
Navigation Company and the Denver and Rio
Grande will extend similar favors to exhibitors
in their territory. ;
. Prominent speakers and representatives of
leading Eastern periodicals will attend the
congress. Thirty-three correspondents from
Washington and New York will tell the world
of the achievements of this congress. Do not
fail to notify, this committee what action is
. taken by your organization. j - . .
The Eleventh National Irrigation Congress
will convene in Ogden. Utah. September 15-19.
This will be the most important convention
ever held in the Interest of Irrigation and o£
agriculture and horticulture under Irrigation.
In connection with this congress there will bo
held a semi-arid States fruit exhibit. Barley,
hops, sug^r beets, fruits, etc., grown under lr
rglatlon in the sixteen States whose arid lands
are to be reclaimed -under the provisions of the
rational Irrigation act will compete for hand
some prizes.
Four loving cups valued at $500 each are the
grand prizes. The Senator Clark prize, donat
ed by Senator William A. Clark of Montana.
Is to be awarded to the best exhibit of fresh
fruits. Another splendid cup will be awarded
for. the best display of sugar beets.
Calif oraia should carry off the honora at
this congress. As the time is now short It will
be necessary -to- act quickly • In order to »end
forward a representative exhibit from your
section. KMViralefMn
The California Promotion Committee
has sent to all Chambers of Commerce
and Boards of Trade In this State a cir
•cular letter advising participation In the
Eleventh National Irrigation Congress,
to be held at Ogden, Utah, from Septem
ber 15 to IS, Inclusive of both dates. The
text of the communication is in substance
as follows:
Chambers of Commerce Have Atten
tion Called to Coming Irriga
tion Congress in Ogden.
SHORTRIDGE ASKS NEW
TRIAL FOR HIS CLIENT
PRINCE PONIATOWSKI
RESIGNS PRESIDENCY
PROMOTION COMMITTEE
SATS STATE SHOULD WIN"
One Ex-City Official Sues Another.
Martin Fragley, ex-Superintendent of
Streets, sued ex-Supervisor C. A. Taber
yesterday in the Justices' Court to re
cover the sum of $120 alleged to be due on
a promissory note. The note was exe
cuted on October 23, 1S99, and bears in
terest at 6 per cent per annum.
The annual report of John Finn, clerk
in charge of the stationery department of
the Board of Supervisors, was completed
yesterday and will be filed with the board
named next Tuesday. The report shows
that there is a handsome surplus in the
appropriation, due to business methods.
The various departments of the city gov
ernment were supplied during the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1903, with the follow
ing supplies: Printing, books and sta
tionery, $29,735 04; stamps, $3230; directo
ries, $500; reblnding of books, $3000; type
writers, $500; total, $36,965 04. The amount
Stationery Fund Shows a Cash Bal
ance of $2534 96.
LARGE SURPLUS ON HAND.
Commissioner of Public Works Manson
and City Engineer Grunsky returned
yesterday from a visit of inspection to
the water sheds and reservoir sites
owned by the Bay Cities Water Com
pany in Santa Clara County. The two
city officials were busy for ten days mak
ing an exhaustive Investigation of the
properties which" the company desires to
sell to the city of San Francisco* for a
municipal water supply.
Return From Trip.
Silvera was hauling wood on the
memorable afternoon of. July 27 when the
thirteen convicts suddenly pounced down
on him and made him drive them up the
road to Pilot Hill, where the battle took
place. In the wagon were the thirteen
convicts, the six guards and Silvera, who
drove the team, four horses comprising it.
"When the posses. Sheriffs and guards
arrived at Pilot Hill they attempted to
surround the convicts, but the escapes
ordered Silvera to drive them into the
timber adjacent. In order to stop that
move the posses shot the horses, killing
one instantly and wounding two others.
One was afterward killed by the guards
to put him out of his misery. It is for
the loss of these horses that Silvera put
in his claim.
Now Silvera is wondering where the
money is coming from to reimburse him
for his loss.
. When thirteen convicts escaped from
Folsom prison on July 27 they forcibly
took th© team of Joseph F. Silvera and
appropriated it to their own use. Silvera
presented a claim for $C0O damages against
the Board of Prison Directors.
The case was submitted to the Attorney
General, who has advised the board that
there is no statute authorizing the pay
ment of such claims in this State and
that the State Board of Prison Directors
has no authority to pay the claim out of
any State funds or appropriations under
their control, nor has the State Board of
Examiners any authority to audit such
claims. -
of the appropriation was $39,500, leaving a
balance on hand of $2534 96. in addition to
stock on hand valued at $28 57.
Tell Your Eastern Friends.
Colonist rates from the East to California
via Southern Pacific begin September 15 and
close November 30. The rate makes It easy
for settlers to see the great West.
Silvera's Demands Are
Repudiated by Au
thorities.
STATE REFUSES
TO PAY CLAIM
Fidelity Lodge No. 222 of the Independ :
ent Order of Odd Fellows will be 30 years
old to-morrow, and in the evening it will
celebrate that event by "a reunion in the
Memorial Hall of the Odd Fellows' build
ing, on which occasion there will be an
entertainment to be followed by dancing."
The committee of arrangements, consist
ing of Messrs. Macphee, Chrlstsen and
Rayney, has issued a number of invita
tions to* those they desire to have as spe
cial guests.
Fidelity's Anniversary.
The report of Cashier Donahue of the
Board of Public Works was filed yester
day with that body and shows that the
receipts of the office during August were
$13,325 05, an increase over those for July,
when they were $12,231 67. The disburse
ments were $4330 35, against $6180 12 for
July.
The receipts and number of permits is
sued follow:
One hundred and sixty-one street space per
mits, ?3230; 23 kettle permits, $250; 42 side
walk permits, ?320: 10 sub-sidewalk permits.
$520; luti house building permits, $1373; 7
house-moving permit3, 5460; 133 side sewer de
posits, ?47O5; balances due city on 25 side sew
ers underestimated, $4S1 45: fees collected by
Bureau of Engineering. $1151; advertising
charges, $114 CO; total. $13,325 05.
The disbursements were:
Ninety demands Issued for balances unex
pended on deposits for side sewers. $S04 57; 2
demands issued for bitumen paving over side
sewer trenches and Inspector's buggy hire,
$8S 75; 49 demands Issued for wages and team
ing. $3437 05; total. $4330 35.
Cashier of Board of Public Works
Makes His Report. ¦
INCKEASE IN RECEIPTS.
Dan Maloney. a slender young man,
with dreamy blue eyes and high fore
head, who experienced such a terrible
fall about two years ago and laughed
about it, has returned to make another
sensational fall. from hia monster bal
loon, hanging by his teeth, leaving the
Coney Island grounds, just south of Cliff
House, at 4 o'clock sharp this afternoon.
Many new attractions this. week, includ
ing vaudeville show,- band concert, etc. ¦'
Fell 1500 Feet.
Forty-seven died In the City and County
Hospital, 17 in the Almshouse, 11 in the em
ergency hospitals. 4 In the bay, 1 in the park
and 137 died in various hospitals, etc.. leaving
330 to be credited to the city at large.
Some of the principal causes of death were:
Diphtheria, 4; whooping cough, 14; typhoid
fever. S: dlarrheal diseases, 8; septic diseases.
15; cancer (all varieties), 33; consumption of
lungs. C3; senility (old age). 0; alcoholism, 8;
apoplexy, 17: diseases of heart. 73; pneumo
nia, 35: appendicitis. 0; cirrhosis of liver, 13;
nephritis (Brlghfs disease), 3(1; violent deaths,
50; shock from operation, 5; asphyxia by gas,
«; burns, 3; drowning, 8; falls, 7; by bteam
train, 3; by vehicles, 3; other accidents, 7.
Homicides 3 — By arsenic 1 ; firearms, 2. Sui
cides 10 — By cutting, 1: drowning, 1; firearms,
6; hanging, 1; carbolic acid, 2.
Statistician Edward M. Coffey filed
yesterday the following report of vital
statistics for August, 1903, with the
Health Board:
The total number of deaths registered were
553, equal to a rate of It5.17 per 1000 per an
num. Deducting 60 deaths under the head of
•violent," slvea a rate of 11.71 per 1000. In-
August, 1002. there were CiOS deaths, equal to
a rate of 10. S9 (estimated population 360.000).
Hlrths registered last month totaled 4S7, equal
to a rate of 13.33 per 1000 per annum. In
Auguut. 1902, the total was 450.
Deaths reslstered were distributed as fol
lows: By sex — Mal<% 3U; female. 312. Social
condition— Single. -'52; married, 198; widowed,
K'J; divorced. 7; unascertained, 14. By race —
Caucasian, 610; Mongolian. 27; Japanese, 10.
l?y nativity — Pacific Coast. 190; other States,
!tr>; foreign. 200; unascertained. 8. By ages —
101 were under 5 years of age. 20 were be
tween 5 and 20 years. 125 between 20 and 40,
145 between 40 and CO, 132 between 60 and 80,
1U between SO and 00 and 2 from 00 to 100
years.
Statistician Coffey Submits Figures
to the Health Board.
BIRTHS AND DEATHS.
Colonel Irish, as president of the board
of trustees, said: "Mr. Mills' decision to
go has been known to the trustees for
several months. His work in this church
has been magnificent. By almost super
human effort he lifted the load of debt
from the church, and that has caused
him to be; in great demand elsewhere."
Mr. Mills did not obligate himself to
fulfill the ordinary routine of pastoral du
ties, and in March. 1902, feeling that the
church had reached a point where it was
necessary tor some one to do that work,
presented his resignation. Instead of ac
cepting it the church membership unani
mously requested Mr. Mills to remain.
They had an assistant pastor appointed,
but this did 1 not prove advantageous, and
since the assistant's departure Mr. Mills
has had in mind his final retirement. Mr.'
Mills has under consideration some pro
posals, the nature of which he is not
ready to make public.
"The relations between the church and
myself are of the most cordial charac
ter," said -Mr. Mills to-day. "My^retire
ment has been in mind for months. My
reasons are well known to the trustees,
and they are weighty enough to be suffi
cient. My mind is clear about my field of
work. I feel that the church is strongly
on its feet and that I can safely step out
at this time."
Four years ago Mr. Mills came to Oak
land from Boston. Seeking quiet and re
tirement he took a homo In the Piedmont
Hills. He was invited to supply for a
time the then vacant pulpit at the church
of which he later became minister.© Dur
ing his work he raised more than $25,000
outside of the Regular church expenses
and lifted the heavy burden of debt that
was upon the organization.
The retiring clergyman's letter will be
read to-morrow morning after services by
John P. Irish, president of the board of
trustees. Under the rules of the church
a meeting of the congregation will be
called to act on the letter. Mr. Mills an
nounced to-day that his decision to retire
was final.
The resignation has been contemplated
for six months and was placed In the
hands of a special committee of the
church board of trustees in August,
though three months i before that the
board was notified of Mr. Mills' Intention
to withdraw. '
The Rev. Benjamin Fay Mills has pre
sented his resignation as minister of the
First Unitarian Church, the resignation
to take effect October 15, the close of the
fourth year of Mr. Mills' service in that
field.
Oakland Office San Frandsco Call,
1118 Broadway. Sept. 5.
That the Improvements on protestant's land
consist entirely of dwelling houses and the
passing of trains would depreciate their value
and lessen their revenues.
That the proposed franchise contemplates the
running of a portion of the Santa Fe tracks
on Seventh street, which is already occupied
by the double tracks of the Southern Pacific
Company, and the proposed franchise would
completely destroy Seventh street as an artery
of communication.
That said franchise contemplates a steam
railroad catering Mariposa street at Iowa
street at a considerable angle and leaving Mari
posa street at a considerable angle at Pennsyl
vania avenue; that Mariposa Rtreet ] a a main
artery of traffic between the Mission and Po
trero and has been improved at a considerable
expense and the usefulness of the street as an
avenue of traffic will be seriously Impaired.
That the Board of Supervisors is without
power to grant the petition for the reason that
the franchise does not allow the Santa Fe
Company to enter the city with its road or to
run its cars to the water front, one of which
conditions must exist in order to authorize
the board named to grant a franchise to any
railroad company other than a street railroad
company.
EHzabeth Christy, owner of 20ft feet
frontage on the south side of Mariposa
street, between Pennsylvania avenue and
Mississippi street, filed with the Boaxd of
Supervisors yesterday a protest against
the granting of the petition of the Atchl
son, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway Com
pany for a franchise to operate a steam
road along portions of Mariposa, Seventh,
Sixteenth and Hubbell streets. The
grounds of the protest follow:
Has Number of New Propo
sitions Under Con-
Claims Supervisors Have No
Power to Give Away
Property Owner Pro
tests Against Santa
Fe's Petition.
Rev. BeDjamin Fay Mills
Decides to Leave
His Pulpit.
OPPOSES GRANT
OF A FRANCHISE
RESIGNS AFTER
YEARS OF WORK
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAIjt., STTNDAT, SEPTEMBEB 6, 1903.
30
A-nvEBTISEMEMTS.
We invite the public to inspect our elegant Mew
Stock of LACE CURTAINS. These are in Irish
Point Battenberg, Arabian, Colonial and Madras
Net We have also received a new importation of
Lace Tidies, Center Pieces, Scarfs, Squares and Bed
Sets, in both Antique, Cluny and Battenberg Lace.
QDF^r*! A I Q
OKuvl/iLiOt
White and Ecru LACE CURTAINS, In Saxonrj, Madras
and Colonial Nets, fast edges and new designs.
ARABIAN LACE CURTAINS, loth single and douWa
borders, 3# Bards long.
$5.00 and $6.00 Pair.
IRISH POINT LACE CURTAINS, In Doth cream and
white, all new patterns.
$5.00, $5.50 and $6.00 Pair.
BATTENBERG LACE CURTAINS, pure White, 3)4 TjardS
long,
$5.00 to $16.00 Pair.
A splendid assortment or NEW BEDROOM CURTAINS,
In Ruffled Net, Swiss and Tamhoured.
$1.25 to $3.50 Pair.
3STOTE.
We have still on. hand about 50 pairs FINE WHITE
BLANKETS, size 80 inches wide lm 92 inches long.
Price
$7.5O Pair.
Former Price $10.50 Fair.
Samples of Our New Fall Goods Forwarded
Free to Any Address.
Hi, 113-115, 117, 119s 121 POST STREET.
ADVERTISEMENTS. -_ '
fjk Is Our Record of Sales. r
) Over three square miles—enough to put a car- C
I pet roof over San Francisco from the end of Mont- c
I gomery Street to the Mission, a nd from the Ferry to the S
$' Foothills. We have carpeted over 50,000 homes. We |
I have now over 3,000 rolls on display; and this week L
•\ is our week of specials in our special linfc. f
f TAPESTRIES . x LINOLEUMS I
I BRUSSELS . MATTINGS I
I AXMINSTERS RUGS f
m RRIISSFIS For Parlor, Bedroom or \ YMIMSTFR A strong line; high/ $
j BKUOOLLd. D i ning . room) Hall or AAlVIINd I Ll\. grade , high pile par- f
|^k Stair ; in richest of colors ; floral, Oriental lor carpets ; rich, deep-colored and soft- ff
¦'•wr- and Persian design ; two tones, • « toned ; the very perfection of the weaver's r
'3 red or green. fi^^P art, and pattern after pattern A F" J
.B By the yard, Brussels. SSdlLj or - our c^°i ce ' %. / 11 to! %.
i» Sewed, lined and laid . "v/V By the yard, Axminster, •ft/, V#| r
Sewed, lined and laid Kyhrt* / U \
Vi TAPFSTRY RRIISSFI S Cash - MATTIIMH^ Those same 20-vard 9
£ lArLdirci DKUddLLd. merc; IVIAIIIIMU^. rolls again Mattings I
dP floral design on blue ground; wood- that have always sold at 25c a yard we are I
fl* colored scroll on tan ground, reds now selling in those special 20-yard rolls. J
Mi and greens; even,- harmony in car- They are large enough to * '\i m 2
pet patterns and a wonder- cover the average room, and A IT 3
ful array of them. Illin were sellin £ them this week, 41.1117 \
fiJ By the van!. Tapestry Brus- / i»Lj not * a^' mattings, by the roll 1±<J^ #
* se.. Sewed. Lined and Laid VV CARPEL; P^^ I
ff IIIMfllFUM 2 yards wide ' made of tled reds and greens on one side and select 3
j liivullvi 1. the best pulverized cork designs on the other. The designs are \
« and linseed oil, damp proof and fo^ _ pleasing, the colors are harmon- / - | _ {
3 durable. U I j[t ious and the week's price is, 2fcT/"¥ T
» For the week, Linoleum, J^J rf7) By the yard, Cottage Carpet, {
«, laid, per square yard XyAmZJZs Sewed, Lined and Laid KJfJ\f J
S RUGS. V
I DELFT RUGS. KIOTO RUGS. Thc IKffi« I
J that is worthy the attention of every , ru & ever made - Yo " \
M householder in the city. It is a great ship- know what the Japanese artist can do in £
% ment from the Orient of those curious carving wood, in painting a vase or weaving
« delft rugs. They are in blue and green pat- those graceful silk swans on great silk tap- \
9 terns, with that peculiar plate-colored e stries? Well, here is what he can do in /
i^ white. As small as a small hearth rug and „..„„ n , ,, &
J as large as a large room. * ru S s ' Come and see them. \
f ; -2 feet 6 in. by 5 feet, this week $1.50 2 feet 6 incheS 5 f <*t 7^C f
ff 3 feet by 6 feet, this week $2.95 ° €
b 6 feet by 9 feet, this week $6.25 3 feet by 6 feet Cl flH s
m 9 feet by 12 feet, this. week $15.00 vJM'MU R
I STORE CLOSED MONDAY and WEDNESDAY. C
I But Don't Forget Tuesday==The Carpet Day. 5
I "THE CREDIT HOUSE," J,
I 233, 235, 237 POST STREET. V
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Store will' be closed
Monday, Sept. 7th, Labor Day, and
Wednesday, Sept. 9th, Admission Day.
We announce new arrivals o!
Misses' and Children's
Cloaks, Suits and Hats
The very latest Parisian models.
Attractive and becoming styles
sold exclusively by us. Prices
and Children's Outfits
We are specialists and leaders in this
line and carry the most complete as-
HAND-MADE GARMENTS is
a revelation of unrnatchable exclu- ? :
918-922 Market Street
Our new Fall and ."Winter
Catalogue will be sent. free to
Out-of-town customers. .
BEFORE Af'lER
WM. iiATTEROTH In his new es-
tablishment. 224 Sutter sL Fitting
trusses, supporters. Elastic Stock-
lng-8. «tc.
DDTTCUI7C F0R BARBERS. BA-
IJ1\ U OllliJ kerE - bootblack*, batti-
***»-** *«r***-»» homes, billiard Ublei,
brewer*, bookbinder*, candy-makers, cannera.
lyerc. flour it-.! Us. toundric*. laundries. p*pe»-
fcjLT.eer». printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar- roofers, tanners, tailor*, etc
BUCSASAS BEOS,
8rub Kanulacturerm, 009 Sjtcraiatnto Si.
UiSTLE TRUNKS TO ORDER. REPAIBINO.
J. MARTT. 22 TURK ST.
factory 628 Howard ct.
EXPEET OPTICIAN.
THE PEKSOUAIi EIiEMIEXT
That enters lnta Mr. Georga Mayerts's
practice Is a POWERFUL FACTOR to his
success. He gives each patient his earnest
personal attention and takes an intense In-
terest in every case.
. Optics is his Constant Study, the reliev-
ing of some complicated eye defect bis
great pleasure.
Oflce Chief of Polio*.
It gives me much pleasure to rscem-
roend to the public Mr. George Mayerle of
San Francisco. I have been using glasses
for the past elx years and during that time
have consulted several opticians, but not
until I had consulted Mr. George Mayerle
and had him fit glasses to my eyes did I
get entire satisfaction. Respectfully.
J.<H. ANDERSON*.
Sergeant of Police.
GEEMAN SYS WATER
Is » harmless and effective
jfflKi^^ remedy; it Instantly relieves
S?bSJ*£*» a11 eye trou^ le3 . mafcea weak
*&Sfg3fr eyes strong, diseased • eyes
well; of great benefit to those
wearing glasses; COc; by mall 62c.
CAUTION"— The genuine bears the Trade-
mark — an Eye In a Crown.
I have used a bottle of George Mayerle's
German Eyewater, and it has helped me
' •wonderfully — Chas. Morgan. Rocklln. Cal.
Suzanne Libeled.
J. H. Newbaur & Co. filed a libel yes-
terday In the United States Circuit Court
against the French bark Suzanne to re-
cover $393 alleged damages to a cargo of
cement shipped from Antwerp to this port.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Oriental Goods |
: At Wholesale Prices ;
We Off «r Our Entire Extra Tin* Col* '
ltctloa ot
{Oriental Rugs
AND CURTAINS
At 25 Per Gent
! Discount from regular ratal! prices.
' We are sole agent* for '
JOHN CROSSLEY & SON'S
CELEBRATED ENGLISH CARPETS :
Chas.M.Plnm & Co.
; Cor. 9th and Market Sts. ;
J CUTLERif
1 ESMUEMBHANIEDDistrict Attorney Files the Customary Formal Charge
in Police Court and the Imprisoned Women Will Soon
Be Placed on Trial to Battle for Lives and Freedom
MRS. M. E. BOWERS AND MRS. SUTTON
ARE ACCUSED OF THE CRIME OF MURDER
Pages 31 to 40
WELL-KNOWN RAILROAD PROMOTER WHO WAS MISTAKEN BT
THE POLICE OF DENVER FOR A BUNKO MAN AND LODGED IN
JAIL FOR MANY HOURS.
Michael , Nolan, a Mexican war vet
eran and a pioneer of San Francisco, died
Friday night after a long illness at his
home in the Mission. At one time he
was "a wealthy wholesale grocer, but of
late years he has been in moderate cir
cumstances. He leaves a wire &r& eight
children.* The funeral will tal 3 place
, to-morrow from Mission Dolores Church-
Comrades of the • Mexican war will act
as pall bearers. .
Pioneer Passes Away.
Californians in New York.
NEW YORK, Sept. 5.— From San Fran
cisco—E. A. Gilbert, at the Manhattan;
C. Schlesinger and wife, at the Nether
land: C. W. Clifton, at the Navarre; Mrs.
F. Ellen, at the Albemarle; N. Holmes, at
the Grand Union. From Los Angeles — F.
Barnard and wife, at the Grenoble.
Redwood Company Incorporates.
The Empire Redwood Company was in
corporated yesterday with a capital stock
of $1,000,000. The directors of the cor
poration, each ' of whom have subscribed
$100. are C. T. Crowe!!, E. W. Davies. F.
R. Harris, "W. B. Allen and R. H. HowelL
They are all from Southern California. '
Fine two-stes "Rootevelt March." by H.
Welcker. Full of "go." At 331 Pln« street.
at Lt-adlTia mmlc atoxer — — . • „
Later came the election, when the fol
lowing were chosen directors for the en
suing year:
r F. W. D'Evelyn. J.- J. Newbegin." William
Pardy. C. B. Sedgwiek. Herbert . Harris.
Thomas • Price. R. H. Grey. Thomas Penning
ton. G. A. Wright. T. C. West. J. Jenkin. W.
B.. Chapman. Edmund : Taylor. William Hewitt
and George Pennington.
The annual election and regular meet
ing of the British and American Union
took place Friday night In the Academy
of Sciences Hall, Dr. F. "W. d'Evelyn pre
siding. :
) The Rev. William Rader spoke on the
"Brotherhood of • Nations," saying that
Great Britain and America will ever be
friends and that their respective flags
will fly side by side In the cause of broth
erhood and civilization, harmony and
Christianity. Should it ever come to pass
that the world is at -war, as prophesied,
he predicted that Great Britain and
America: will stand side by side. The two
countries are politically, commercially and
Intellectual related, he said. At the con
clusion cf his address Mr. Rader received
an ovation.
'William Rader on "The Broth
erhood of Nations."
Organization Hears Address by Rev.
BRITISH A1:D AMERICAN
UNION ELECTS DIRECTORS
The following complimentary letter
from J. C. M. Reynolds, Acting Attorney-
General, has been received by United
States District Attorney Marshall B.
Woodworth:
I am in receipt of your letter of. the 2lst
inst.. wherein you inclose copy oi an order re
cently made by Judge Morrow of the Untteil
States Circuit Court and Judge de Haven of
the United States District Court, with refer
ence to the Issuance of writs of habeas corpus
in Chinese cases. 1 wish to thank you for
your success in procuring this order from the
Judges.
The order referred to Is a declaration
that the Federal Judges will refuse here
after to issue writs in Chinese, cases un
less it shall appear that the case has been
passed upon by the Chinese Bureau, or
that, after a reasonable time, it ha3 ne
glected to pass upon the application to
land.
Acting Attorney General Thanks Him
for an Order Stopping Fraudu
lent Chinese Landing.
MARSHALL B. WOODWORTH
HIGHLY COMPLIMEHTTED
The subordinate officers have been se
lected on their merit. Captain John FHz
patricK, who is in command of the en
gine company, has no superiors in the
service. Captain Eugene Crow of tha
truck company was transferred from th«
O'Farrell-street house to his new charge
after years of faithful service. Captain
James Connlff, who has charge of the
chemical engine, is well known as a care
ful, competent and brave fireman.
The new house \s a model of neatness
in all its parts. The dormitory is on the
second floor and is divided into two com
partments, -with lockers for each man's
clothing. The bedsteads are of iron and
of the latest design, while the bed cloth-
Ing consists of white woolen blankets and
spotless linen sheets and pillow cases.
This house is the only one of its kind in
the city in which -three fully equipped com
panies are located under one roof. There
Is an engine company manned by ten
men, a chemical company manned by
three men and a truck company with
twelve men. Each company has its reg
ular supply of horses and each is inde
pendent of the service of the other, ex
cept, of course, in the extinguishing of
fires, when. all work in strict harmony.
The fashionable boarding-house section
of San Francisco located on the south
side of Nob Hill Is now amply provided
with protection against fire through the
erection of a modern fire apparatus build
ing on Bush street, near Taylor. Just fin
ished and occupied. It is located in Bat
talion Chief John J. Conlon's district and
he is proud of the acquisition to his de
tail of fire-fighting men, all of whom
have been selected from other companies
because of their good conduct and ability
as firemen.
Nob Hill Section Is Provided With
Adequate Protection by the
Commissioners.
OTErW FIREHOUSE FOR
;\\ ":¦ A. FASHIONABLE DISTRICT
.When arrested , Pettingell had a bundle
of letters in his possession which plainly
show that he had not abandoned his Pa
cific Coast j scheme. One .of the letters,
addressed to David H. Moffat, the Utah
millionaire and partner, of Senator Clark
in several big enterprises, clearly outlines
Pettlnsell's business - methods In bis . at-
LETTERS TELL THE TALE.
It was a promising project until the
Board of Supervisors refused . to give, it
the privileges asked for. but even with
out" them the franchise across the neigh
boring counties and up to the line of this
county was valuable when united with
another franchise, such as the Monterey
and -Fresno road claimed. With these
two" franchises Pettlngell's scheme was
to have a railroad route from San Fran
cisco to Denver by way' of Monterey,
Fresno, the Minerat Pass and thence • to
Pioche, Nev., where he contemplated
connecting with the Clark road. Having
made' some progress in his scheme, with
the assistance of Dr. : Flint, Pettlngell
swelled round town" for several weeks, in
terviewing various capitalists.' and then
disappeared. The next heard of him was
through the dispatch received yesterday
from Denver stating that he had been
arrested there.
Pettingell undertook to float the bonds
of that corporation In New York, but
claimed that just about the time he had
succeeded in his deal the promoters of
the road abandoned their plans. He and
an associate named Finley then brought
suit to recover a 10 per cent commission
on $7,000,000 worth of bonds, which they
were to have floated and in January last
a default judgment was taken In the New
York courts. It was immediately after
this judgment that Pettingell. accom
panied by two representatives of Eastern
banking concertis, landed In this city and
quietly registered at the Palace Hotel.
Although his traveling companions en
deavored to keep secret the purpose of
their visit, Pettingell, in three days' time,
had succeeded in widely advertising- their
presence as well as his own and then as
sumed a mysterious air that for a time
caused a great deal of speculation among
those who had got an inkling as to what
he was about. It later developed that
he had paid a visit to Dr. Flint's home
in San Juan and interested that gentle
man in a scheme to unite the franchise
of the ¦ Monterey and Fresno Railway,
•which practically had been ceded to Pet
tlngell on hlu judgment, with that of
what is known as the Bay and Coast
Railway. The latter corporation was con
trolled by local capital and was originally
formed with a view of bringing a road
into San Francisco by way of Islais
Creek and securing terminal facilities in
the very center of the city.
HIS PROMISING PROJECT.'
FE. PETTINGELL of New York,
a railroad promoter, who has
"' been a familiar figure about
& the court of the Palace Hotel
during the last few months,
spent Tuesday, Wednesday and part of
Thursday behind the bars of the Denver
jail, to which he had been taken from
one of the leading hotels of that city on
suspicion of being a bqnko man. A num
ber of letters which he had addressed, to
wealthy residents of Denver, relative 'to
a railroad scheme with which he had
identified himself here, aroused the sus
picion of the police that he was trying to
get money on a swindling sctieme and he
was arrested. After inquiring into Pet
tingell's history, however, the police de
cided that they had no grounds for fur
ther holding their prisoner and he was re
leased on 'Thursday afternoon.
Pettingell is widely known throughout
the country, he having been identified
prominently with a number of big rail
road schemes. His recent arrival in this
city attracted considerable attention, for
he announced that he was about to effect
a deal which would result in furnishing a
new gateway for another transcontinental
road to San Francisco. The promoter had
been previously connected with the Mon
terey and Fresno road, a project in which
were interested a number of prominent
men, among them Dr. Thomas Flint of
San Juan, father of State Senator Flint.
AFTER BIG, COMMISSION.
Evidently Vice* President Kruttschnltt
did not think well of the project, for Pet
tingell continued to hawk it around
among those he thought might buy it.
In an Interview yesterday in Denver Pet
tingell said that he had asked Letter
$1,000,000 for the terminal option and he
added that he refused to even consider
"the small offer." Among other letters
in Pettlngell's bundle of communications
were two from G. Forgeus, the weil
known capitalist of Santa. Cruz, who had
seemingly become interested in the new
railroad scheme, but was not clearly sat
isfied with the proposition of bay facil
ities and- wrote to Pettlngell regarding
the matter. Forgeus also inclosed two
letters of -recommendation for PettingelL
F. E. Pettlngell. Antlers Hotel. Colorado
Springs: Your message received and referred
to V. P. Kruttschnltt at San Francisco.
E. H. HARRIMAN.
. E. H. Harriman, president of the South
ern Pacific Company, was also impor
tuned and sent the foldwing reply:
Having tried his game on Moffat with
out success, Pettlngell, as is shown by
several dispatches found among his let
ters, threw his bait to other millionaires,
among them Joseph Letter of Chicago,
who answered as follows:
F. E. Pettingell. Palace Hotel, San Fran
cisco: On ray return from Mexico to-day I
found your several telegrams. If you will re
member, I informed you that if you would give
me sufficient time to look Into the terminal
proposition I would consider it if it could bo
purchased at a price not exceeding $150,000.
otherwise not. At the price you quote it would
not interest ua. JOSEPH LEITER.
BAIT THROWN TO OTHERS.
tempt to dispose of his local holding. The
letter reads as follows:
V David H. Moffat— Dear Sir: 1 -beg to offer
you the Bay and Coast Railway Company's
franchise, granted by the city of San Francisco
for railroad terminals Into the city, with tix
miles of trackage on city streets.
- I now have a cash offer from several very
strong: financial interests who have formulated
plans for constructing a road from San Fran
cisco to Denver via Monterey, Madera, Fresno,
the Minaret Pass in the Sierra Nevada range.
Pioche, Nev., connecting there with the Salt
Lake road (W. A. Clark's road to Los Angeles),
thence east , to Marysville, Utah, to connect
with the Rio Grande Western, and through
Leadville to Denver, having a forty-four miles
snorter, survey from Leadville to Denver than
the Colorado and Southern, and there connect
ing with the Burlington, Rock Island and Santa
Fe for Eastern hauling. Yours respectfuly,
F. E. PETTINGELL.
With the Mrs. Donahue Incident still
fresh in their minds. Mrs. McNally and
her sister are naturally greatly alarmed
over the prospect of an encounter with
their brother, but they have made no ef
fort to comply with his demands for
money and have declared that they will
not do so. Yesterday Arthur McNally,
son of Mrs. McNally, greatly angered by
the annoyance given to his aged mother,
spent the greater portion of the afternoon
In a hunt for Hawkins in the business
part of the city, which the last named is
in the habit of frequenting. It was tha
intention of the young man, in the event
of meeting Hawkins, to give him a
thrashing and warn him that another vis
it to his mother's home would be attended
with more serious treatment. Fortunate
ly for Hawkins, however, he failed to
meet McNally during the afternoon and
escaped the punishment that was in store
for him.
Michael J. Hawkins, who was arrested
several years ago on a charge of trying
to kill the late Mrs. Annie Donahue, wid
ow of Peter Donahue, while she was seat
ed in her carriage on Montgomery street.
is now charged with sending threatening
letters to his sister. Mrs. Lawrence Mc-
Nally, a widow, who resides with her sis
ter and son at 639 Greenwich street
For several nights the jJcNally home has
been tightly barricaded by its frightened
female occupants, who fear that Haw
kins is planning some harm to Mrs. Mc-
Nally and might gain an entrance to tha
house.
The McNallys and Hawkinses have not
been on the best of terms for soma
months, a condition of affairs which
friends of the women attribute to Haw
kins' disappointment in money matters
and especially to the fact that when a
sister, the late Mrs. English, widow ot
J. M. English, died some time ago, she
bequeathed what little property she had
to Mrs. McNally and ignored Hawkins.
It Is charged by the McNallys that on
several occasions lately at night the door
bell of the Greenwich residence has been
rung and that the occupants of the house
have opened the door Just in. time to sea
the form of Hawkins disappearing in tha
distance. On the door sill have been
found letters signed by Hawkins and ad
dressed to his sister. Mrs. McNally. in
which he has reviewed in a rambling
manner his imaginary grievances and has
concluded the missives with the threaten
ing statement that If he was not fur
nished with $300 by September 7 he "would
do something."
Mrs. McNally Is Fearful Her
* Brother Will Make
Trouble.
Michael Hawkins Ac
companies Requests
With Threats, vt ¦
DEMANDS COIN
FROM SISTER
Walter H. Smith, clerk.- Ean Francisco.
tilled a petition in insolvency yesterday In
the United States District Court. He
owes J11C2 and has no assets. All his
debts are represented by promissory notes
la favor of high Interest money lenders.
Insolvent Clerk-
L. F. Frank, a fish dealer on Haight
street, was arrested Friday for selling
Etriped bass under size. The law requires
that no bass snali be offered for sale
weighing under three pounds, but the fish
Frank was trying to sell only weighed a
pound each. Frank was taken to the
Hall of Justice and Judge Mogan fined
him $20, which he promptly paid.
Sold Fish Under Size.
Workmen Injured by Accidents.
Two workmen received Injuries yester-
day which necessitated treatment at the
Receiving hospitals. Charles Reed, a
painter, fell a distance of thirty - feet
from a scaffolding on a building- at 2118
Pacific avenue, sustaining a sprained
back and a fracture of both his legs.
His injuries were attended to by Dr.
James D. Murphy at the Central Emer
gency Hospital. John Michaelson. a
plasterer, while at work at Webster and
Bush streets fell from a staging a dis
tance of twenty feet, sustaining a frac
ture of both legs. His injuries were at
tended to at the Park Emergency Hos
pital by Dr. J. V. Leonard. Michaelson
was subsequently removed to the City
and County Hospital. ; ¦-•' t,,-
Michael J. Kellner- and L. Kellner, a
Sixth-street hair dresser, were married
in Iowa twenty-seven years ago. She is
now suing. him for divorce, alleging fail
ure to provide. Kellner, she claims, spends
his time and money about gambling re
sorts.
Dr. Richard S. Anthony, who is the de
fendant in a suit to set aside a decree
of, divorce filed by Christina J. Anthony,
filed an answer to his wife's complaint
yesterday. ; He denies 'that- the decree,
which he obtained on the ground; of de
sertion, was the ;result of any fraudulent
efforts on his part/and says further that
there Is no truth In Mrs." Anthony's charge
that during the time . it was up for hear
ing and when the suit was filed she; was
unlawfully restrained at hex liberty.
The petition of the Wee Ong Tong, a
Chinese society supposed j to have control
of" gambling in Chinatown, for an in
junction restraining Chief of Police Witt
man from raiding the numerous clubs un
der its control, will, be heard by Judge
Sloss next Friday at 2 p. m. It was set
for hearing yesterday, but a continuance
was granted in order to give the attor
neys time to prepare authorities.
William A. Pickering is suing Mary O.
Pickering for divorce for desertion.
Chinese Case Goes Over.
After a lapse of twenty-nine years the
estate of Patrick Ring Is In court. Yes
terday a petition for letters of adminis
tration upon the estate was filed by
James O'Connor. The. estate consists of.
a supposed Interest In realty in thli city,
and O'Connor makes his appearance on
request of Annie Ring, widow of the de
ceased. Ring died in February, 1874, leav
ing a wife and ten children.
Makes a Late Appearance.
A suit for divorce was filed by Cella
Wise acainst David Samuel Wise on the
gro'ind of failure to provide. They were
married at Portland, Ore.,-- November 12
1S98. Mrs. Wise claims tha t 1 - for more than
ayear he has not provided for her, thoueh
amply able- to do so. She asks for a
divorce and • $50 a month alimony. De
sertion is charged in the complaint filed
byM.L. Jncovich against Meta S. Jnco
\ich. They were married October 5. 1S96.
This: is the second appearance of Mrs.
Foise In the divorce court, and also the
second appearance of Foise. She was di
vorced from Anton A. Stoibel in this
city jj in November, 1900, and Poise was
divorced from Martha Foise in New York
inlS99. • He came to this city in the early
part of; the present year, and on June 30
called at the Mayor's office and demanded
protection from fancied pursuers. He
was arrested by Officer Williams and the
next day committed to the asylum for
the: insane by Insanity Commissioners
McGettigan and Rethers. From testimony
gathered, at his hearing on the Insanity
charge K developed that he had once been
confined in an asylum In England.
Lee H. Foise, who on June 30
last visited the Mayor's office and de
manded protection from hordes of" men,
women and children he fancied were pur
suing him through the streets for the
purpose of taking his life, was married
to Elizabeth H. Stoibel of this city Just
seventeen davs before his visit to tho
Mayor. This fact becama known yes
terday through the filing of a complaint
for divorce against Foise. The unfor
tunate woman brings the suit on the
ground of cruelty, alleging that during
the three days she lived with Foise he
treated her In such a manner that she
came to the conclusion that if she re
mained ! longer with him her life would
be endangered. They were married on
June 13. He woke her out of a sound
sleep at 3 o'clock the next moraine and
said he would "beat the life out of her."
Two . days afterward he proceeded to do
as he had promised, but was prevented.
On the 16th he tried it again, but she
ran away from him and never returned.
VANCOUVER. B. C, Sept. B.-News of
a murder Just east of the British Colum
bia boundary line In Alberta has been tel
egraphed to the Vancouver police depart
ment, and officers all over the coast are
now on the lookout for the alleged mur
derer.
Four weeks ago two German Bettlers
went from MacLeod and reached a place
called Stand Off, about twenty miles west
of there. They had some money, a fairly
good outfit to start ranching, a team of
horses and a big wagon. They started
out for some new land, and It was the
last seen of the two men. Ten days ago
one man was seen traveling westward
with the wagon and outfit. His partner
was nowhere in sight.
Another party of settlers came in ! a
day or two later with the information
that they had found the body of a mur
dered man. Mounted police constables
made investigation, with the result that
the body of the other German was found
with a piece of canvas wrapped around
it. The man had apparently been killed
with an ax and what money he had was
evidentaly taken, for nothing of any value
was found in the pockets of his clothing.
A fragment of a newspaper printed in
German and dated at Portland, Ore., was
found near by.
Judge Fritz issued a warrant yesterday
for the arrest of E. Kinney. a contractor,
for abusing a horse. It appears from the
statement of Assistant Secretary Mat
thew McCurrle of the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, who
swore out the warrant, that Kinney al
lowed one of his drivers, named Coppley,
to use a horse that waa crippled. Mc-
Currie stated that the poor brute was so
lame that he was dragging- one of his
hind legs, being unable to lift it from the
ground.
Seeks Contractor's Arrest.
Files Suit Against Man
Who Invaded May
or's Office.
Mysterious Crime Com
mitted in British
Columbia.
FOISE'S WIFE
ASKS DIVORCE
NORTHERN POLICE
SEEK MURDERER
MRS. MARTHA E. BOWERS AND HER SISTER, MRS. Z. C. SUTTON,
WHO WERE FORMALLY CHARGED WITH THE MURDER OF MAR
TIN L. BOWERS AND PLACED BEHIND THE BARS.
bridge builder, swore to the complaint.
The case was assigned to the court of
Judge Cabaniss. Mrs. Bowers and Mrs.
Eutton will appear in the Police Court
on Tuesday morning at 10 o'clock for ar
raignment and instruction.
District Attorney Byington says that
the preliminary hearing will probably
take place the last of this week. The at
torneys for the defense are endeavoring
to have the case hurried along as rapidly
as possible, but the prosecution is willing
to have the proceedings delayed until fur
ther incriminating evidence can be col
lected.
Several bunches of flowers were sent to
the prisoners yesterday by sympathizers.
Lervey, or O'Leary. hcs not been charged,
but he will be detained until it is estab
lished beyond a possibility of doubt that
he was not an accomplice. His falsehoods
In his statements to the authorities have
placed him in rather a bad light.
Neither Mrs. Bowers nor Mrs. Sutton
will talk about their predicament, al
though both are willing to talk freely in
regard to matters not connected with the
eickness and death of Martin Bowers.
John Cunningham is still under the eye
of the police and will be retained as a
vitness in the prospective trial. He has
not been placed in custody nor will he
be unless there are some developments
•which may place him In a bad position
in respect to the Bowers murder.
Chief of Police Wiuman received the
statement of Mrs. D. D. McCallum from
Chief of Police Hunt of Portland, Or.,
yesterday. The woman said that Mrs.
Bowers was afraid that her husband
would become cognizar.* of the fact that
the was keeping: company with Lervey;
that Bowers was angry when he came
home from Mare Island to find his wife's
paramour in the house, but that there
¦kzs no fight, as has been frequently re
ported. The police are still inclined to
believe that the men had a struggle on
that occasion.
The authorities feel that the evidence
•hey have connecting Mrs. Bowers and
Jlrs. Button with the murder Is strong
enough to secure a conviction, but they
are searching for more Information whicn
would make It clear that the deceased's
v.-ife was anxious to^bave her husband
out of the wav.
Detective Ryan, who has conducted the
investigation eo ably thus far, is work-
Ing on this end and Detective Coleman is
fc-iiil endeavoring to tind a place where
ether of the accused women purchased
arsenic about the time Bowers was first
taken tick.
nRS. MARTHA E. BOWERS and
Mrs. Z. C. Sutton were formally
charged with the crime of mur
der by District Attorney Bying
ton yesterday. The accused
women were Immediately transferred
from their comfortable quarters in the
matron's ward at the City Prison to a.
cell. They were somewhat downcast at
the change, but retained her equanim
ity, although Mrs. Bowers paled percep
tibly while being boGked.
The women were lirst placed in the
came cell, but when Chief Wittman
learned that they were together he or
dered them separated, and they now oc
cupy separate cells located at opposite
ends of the corridor.
Harry Bowers, brother of the dead
Captain R. S. Clover, U. S. N., and Mrs.
Clover, who have been spending several
weeks at their summer home at Napa,
are at the Palace.
United States Senator Cullom and hi3
family, who have been at the Palace for
severel days, left for the interior of the
State last evening.
A. McLcod of Shanghai, formerly at
tached to the United States diplomatic
service in the Orient, and his wife ar
rived from the East last evening and are
at the Palace. .--...
T. M. Schumacher, traffic manager of
the Oregon Short Line, arrived from Salt
Lake yesterday and is registered at the
Palace.
Henry Oxnard of Oxnard, who is men
tioned as a Senatorial candidate to suc
ceed Senator Bard, is in the city.
Dr. A. L. Kelton of Des Moines and
Dr. C. L. Gallivan of Oakland, Iowa, are
among the latest to arrive at the Grand.
Dr. M. R. Walker of Reno, Nev., Is at
the Grand. /
Rev. M. A. Quirt of Ottawa is registered
at the Palace.
L. R. Poundstone, a mining man of
Gaston, Is at the Grand.
F. D. Nowell, a mining man of Juneau,
Alaska, is at the Occidental.
E. H. Cox, a 'wealthy' lumberman of
Madera, is a guest at the Palace.
F. H. Kennedy, a hardware merchant
of Stockton, is at the California.
Mark R. Plaisted, a newspaper editor
of Fresno, is a guest at the California.
W. B. Swain, one of the leading mer
chants of Marysville, is at the Palace.
Miss L. J. Hammond, manager of the
Golden Eagle Hotel of Sacramento, is at
the California.
PERSONAL MENTION.
A. W. Haight is the name of the man
who was held up at Bush and Polk streets
about midnight. He is a clerk and lives
at 611 Polk street. He was on his way
home, when he was accosted by two
masked men. One pointed a revolver sit
his head, while the other searched his
clothing. They took $40 in coin, but left
him his watch. They cautioned him to
proceed on his way without making any
outcry. This he did until he met a po
liceman, with whom he returned to the
scene of the robbery, but by this time the
footpads had disappeared.
Notwithstanding the discrepancies in
the descriptions given by those held up
in the park the police believe it was all
the work. of one man. The different de
scriptions are accounted for by the ex
cited condition of the victims.
They were then ordered to proceed and
not to look back. They hurried to the
Stanyan-street station and reported the
robbery. They described the robber as
about six feet tall and having a promi
nent nose. Mounted policemen were sent
out at once to watch the paths, but could
get no trace of the footDad.
An hour later Miss O. Briggs, who lives
at ,420 Tehama street, with two other
women and four small boys, was riding
through the park. When passing the old
'49 camp a man stepped from behind a
tree- and, pointing a revolver at them,
told them to give up their money. They
said they had no money and he let them
go, cautioning them not to look around.
They describe the footpad as being short
and wearing a slouch hat, a sack coat
and a mask.
So far as has been reported to the po
lice, ten persons in all were the victims
of footpads Friday night, as published
exclusively in yesterday's Call. Nine of
these were held up in the park and the
other was stopped at Bush and Polk
streets and made to deliver.
The first hold-up occurred about 8
o'clock, when E. K. Stanton and his
brother were walking along the main road
to the conservatory in the park. They
were suddenly accosted by a masked
man. with a revolver in his hand, who
emerged from the shrubbery lining the
road. He gruffly ordered them to throw
up their hands and made them empty
their pockets of all the money they had,
which amounted to $2 50.
A. W. Haight Yields $40 to
Two Thugs at Frequented
Corner.
Lone Highwayman Suc
cessfully Operates in
the Park.
FOOTPADS ROB
TEN CITIZENS
Pages31to40
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1903.
Police a Trifle Skeptical Regarding His
Schemes, Take Him From a Hotel and
Keep Him Behind Bars for Many Hours
RAILROAD PROMOTER PETTINGELL
IS DETAINED IN A DENVER JAILLOS ANGELES BELLE AND
THE MAN SHE WILL
MARRY.
Rev. John. W. Sullivan will deliver a
lecture at St. Mary'* Cathedral Thurs
day, September 10, at 8 o'clock, for'iLhe
benefit of the children's day homes. The
eminent divine, who is a gifted speaker,
has taken for Jiis subject "The- Attitude
of the Church Marriage," and a large au
dience will no doubt be present to hear
tls views on tfcla interesting tos>ic t
Eminent Divine to Lecture.
After attending the meeting In Healds
burg Grand Secretary Martlnonl was
taken suddenly 111. While his Illness was
not serious, he was obliged to remain at
his home for a few. days. In consequence
of this the noble grand arch was alone
in his visit to Cypress and Unity groves
In Petaluma August 24. He was well re
ceived, and the membership 'of the two
groves manifested much enthusiasm. The
head of the order is well pleased with the
condition of the* organization In the^^sec
tion he recently- visited and the manner
la which, he wcus received.
Guerneville and Ottavia groves met in
Joint session in Guerneville to receive the
noble grand arch and the grand secre
tary. Two candidates were initiated. At
Gluseppi Verdi Grove, In Healdsburg,
three strangers applied for admission to
the grove and their applications were re
ferred to committees.
ON his official visit to Tomales Grove
of the United Ancient Order of
Druids Noble Grand Arch Beck was
accompanied by Grand Secretary Marti
nonl, Past Noble Grand Arch Dunand
and Grand Trustee Wedemeyer. Five can
didates were Initiated, and after the cere
monial work the visiting officials were
guests at a banquet got up In their honor.
The members of Frederick Seig Grove
met in specUl session in Occidental for
the purpose of welcoming the grand of
ficers. After the work of the evening the
noble grand arch delivered an ' address,
while the grand secretary had something
to say in regard to Druidlsm.
The Druids.
Court Sequoia of Angels Camp cele
brated the eighth annlversay of Its insti
tution on August 17 by having a large'
class initiation and a banquet. Twenty
three strangers were admitted to mem
bership. The work was most impressively
performed by the officers, with the assist
ance of Grand Trustee Teare. At the ban
quet which followed, and which was pro
vided by the ladies of Manzanlta Circle,
Dr. F. G. Pache waa the toastmaster. .
Court Contra Costa initiated several
candidates on the evening of August Id,
and after the court closed there was a
banquet, which was prepared by the la
dles . of Contra Costa Circle. This was
partaken of by the members of the court
and circle. Among the prominent visitors
were Grand ." Recording Secretary Dr.
Troppmann and Grand Trustees Beck and
Teare. These grand officers responded to
toasts.
Inter Nos Circle is arranging for a
grand party In celebration of Us tenth
anniversary, September 10. It will be
given in the assembly hall of the Alcazar
building.
Grand Trustee D. Teare paid an official
visit to the court In Hollister on August
26 and delivered an address calculated to
arouse the enthusiasm of the members to
work for the advancement of that subor
dinate.
MARTHA WASHINGTON CIRCLE
of the Companions of the Forest
of America is arranging for an an
niversary ball in Golden Gate Hall on the
evening of September 18.
Robin Hood Circle has appointed a com
mittee to arrange for a children's party,
to be given during the latter part of Octo
ber. :Vv
American Foresters.
LINCOLN LODGE of tho Friends of
the Forest gave > social hop to
Its members and friends on the
evening of Tuesday, September 1, In Gold
en Gate Hall. The committee that ar
ranged for the event was Mrs. M
M. Davidson. Miss J. Trenell. Miss A.
Sharp, Miss Neva Kaymond, Mrs. How
ard, Paul Sammann. Mra. Vebster and
M. Mertz.
The several lodges of th« Friends of the
Forest are all working to Increase their
membership, and all are succeeding in
that line. There never has been a time in
the history of this organization when
there has been so much activity as at th?
present. The meetings of the several
lodges are being well attended.
Friends of the Forest.
Mission Lodge is arranging for another
s-ocial to be given September 11, At the
meeting of August 28 several 'strangers
were admitted by Initiation. .
The Alameda branch of the order re
ports that it is doing well and adding to
its membership at every meeting.
General Organizer Lc-»-is instituted a
new lodse at Redwood City recently
with a charter roll of twenty-eight mem
bers.
SUPREME VICE PRESIDENT MRS.
E- R. NEIDIG and Supreme Secre
tary E. A. Beck of the Fraternal
Brotherhood were in Milwaukee last
week In attendance upon the Fraternal
Congress.
Progress Lodee No. 2S0, on the evening
of August 26 g-ave an entertainment,
fancy ribbon and dancing social in the
Assembly Hall of the Red Men's building
for the purpose of becoming acquainted
with the friends and acquaintances of the
members of the lodge. There was a large
gathering which was entertained with a
pleasing programme, after which there
v.as dancing: for nearly two hours.
Columbia Lodge on August 24 had a
pleasant meeting fn Ruby Hall of the
"P.ed Men's building, at which there were
visitors from several or the local lodges
and from Stockton and Seattle. During
the evening the officers, in a most credit
able manner initiated two strangers, who
after the ceremony, expressed themselves
as exceedingly well pleased with the
ladles and gentlemen with whom they
had associated themselves fn a fraternal
bond. This lodge will give a social at an
oarly date.
Fraternal Brotherhood.
George W. Lunt, High Court treasurer,
left for the East August 24 and while
away will visit the principal cities on the
other side of th» Rockies.
J. A. Gonzales. past chief ranger of
Court Cameos of Honolulu, was in this
city with his daughter last week and
visited Permanent Secretary Falconer and
other bigh officers. He reports the court
as In good condition.
Past Chief Ranger VT. Tierney of Court
Lnlty. Jackson. Amador County, was la
this city last week.
Eureka Circle of the Companions of
the Forest has arranged for an eptertain
ment to be given on the evening of Sep
tember 3 and Bohemian Circle of the
same order will give one on the evening
of September 18.
SUPREME GRAND CHIEF COM
PANION MRS. VALENTE will
pay an- official visit to Columbia
Circle in Sacramento August 31, after
which she will go to-Amador County and
officially visit the circle at Sutter Creek,
the one at Amador and that in Jackson.
Bournemouth Circle had a very pleasant
party in tho Ancient Foresters' building
August 23. which was attended by a large
number of the members and their frtenda.
Ancient Forestry.
AT BARTLETT SPRINGS: From San Fran.
Cisco — C. Hess and wife, Mrsr V*. A. | Fennor.
Mrs. M. C Mathews. B. Sllverman. James
Bailee. Mrs. G. Orsi, James J. Donovan. Law
rence Donovan, John T. GUmartln. James Me-
Menomey, F. Driscoll. A. Delmont. Mrs. A.
B. Hammond, Grace Hammond, Daisy Ham
mond, Florence Hammond, Miss H. D. Hub
bard J. C. Brown, W. A. Corbett, Blrn Huff,
W. A. Wllcox. William J. McKee and wife,
Annie Feddla Harry £5. Corbett. Thomas Cor
bett. Miss Kate Corbett.' Mtss Hazel Corbett,
James Gilmartln. W. S. Clemmons. Sacra
mento — M. O'Connor. M. Hallorn. P. F. Sulli
van and wife. M. J. Bcanlan, E. C. Sullivan,
L. Rush and wife, J. J. Na*le. P. Sullivan. V.
E Kohler. Oakland— J. Murphy, James E.
Hewes. "v/atBonville— R. H. Pearson, Mrs. F.
P. Hanson. Auburn— N. J. Cohen and wife.
Nevada City — Jamea' Cairns. Woodland — G.
W. Griffin and wife. M18S Clalrabell Grif fln,
Mlis Edna Griffin. George Griffin. Pinole —
Frank Rose. Antonio Costa. Miss A. Fonso,
Mrs. Bourber. Santa Ana — J. W. Shirley. Corto
Madera— Jerry • Adams. Woodbridge— W. V.
Jahtnt. Santa Clara — Albert Harris. Dtxon
—•Peter Tlmmand wife. Sheldon — Pet«>r Au
gustine and wife. Ceres — Mrs. J. H. Manley.
Maxwell — Martha Hasan. . Mayre Hasan, Wll-
Ile B. - Hasan. Joe W. Hagan. Irving "W Ha
gan. H-nry . Hasan. F. B. Hasan. Fresno—
C. B. Shaver, William Helm and wife. Byron
— C. J. Preston. M. C. Preston. L. V. Richard*,
¦on and wife. Jaclnto — John Lawrence Da
vlivllle—Mrs. Wilson and son. Miss Le Netta
Klays. •' Pleasant Grove — F. J. Vestal, J R.
Parker, ; Mrs. Parker, Mrs.' Emily Vestal
Charles L. Thornton. Mrs. R.' Murphy. San
I«eandro— S. ¦ Rogers aDd wife. Willows— F C
Caiier. Cams Meeker— il. b. Austin, as£
AT THE RESORTS.
Mrs. A. Angler and Iva Otto, after a
very" delightful outing at Del Monte, have
returned to the city. -S \:~.~ w
Miss Tillie Fiedler returned to her home
in St. Joseph, Mo., last Thursday, after
spending the summer with her cousin,
Mrs. W. A. Cross of 166 Hartford street.
Mrs. J. M. Hutchings has returned from
the Yosemlte and is residing at 910 Devis
adero street.-, ;. - .• . • .
Mrs. W. J. Bricker and Mrs. Pink
Shaen have left Los Angeles for Coro
nado. They will visit Mexico and Texas
before returning to Sari Francisco.
Mr. and Mrs. A. A. Zellnsky will re
ceive this afternoon at their residence,
2482 Post street.
Mr. and Mrs. John M. Heffernan and
their aunt, Mrs. William Wolland, all of
Oakland, have returned from Salt Lake
City. After visiting John Joseph Heffer
nan, father of J. M. Heffernan, they con
tinued their trip to Colorado Springs, re
turning home last week. '
Mrs. Otto Berman, Mis3 Berman and
Master Manfred Berman have gone to
Los Angeles.
Mrs- J. Francis Dunn, wife of Architect
J. Francis Dunn, will spend this month
at Selgler Springs.
Frank B. Sherman, an employe of the
Southern Pacific Company, and his wife
are enjoying themselves at Lake Tahoe.
Mr. and Mrs. Frank Dunn, Mr. and" Mrs.
C. Kapp. Miss Anita Hall and Miss Dollie
Dunn are spending their holidays at Mr.
Dunn's ranch in Santa Rosa.
Gauld have returned home from Europe,
having visited London, Paris and Scot
land. They will be at home on Tuesdays.
AT AETNA SPRINGS: From San Fran-
C i sco — j. g. Kewroin. R. Maertlns. Miss Nellie
Lamed, George W. Mitchell and party. From
Woodland— Otto Brewitt, J. L. Steven*. From
Oakland— J. Uray and wife, William Lang,
Mrs. I. L. Requa and children, Mrs. H. C.
Blanchard. From Vallejo— D. M. Fleming and
wife, N. McNamara. Manuel Williams. John
Carroll. D. Mlnahan. Mra. D. Mlnahan and
children.
land. Or. — Joshua Patterson. Mrs. J. Keedel.
Sanger— F. R. Lindsey and wife. Itoselawn —
H. Davis and wife. Corning — J. O. Cannon,
Nina Cannon. Pearl Cannon. Lakeport — John
Moore. H. Keeling. . Orovllle— Alex Dunan.
Pleasanton— P. Kelly, -fuolumne— Ed Bischel.
Salt Lake— Mre. H. E Malburn W. M. Mal
burn. Miss E Clows. San Diego— Dr. P. J.
Parker. Riverside — Dr. A S. Parker. Tuba
City — K. H. Mahon. wife and son.
AT SEIGLEK HOT SPRINGS: From San
Francisco— Arthur A. Lotto, Samuel M. Crlm
and wife. Isaac Springer, Charles L. Glller,
Miss L. M. Muller. Miss Birdie Barr, Miss V.
C. Burkhardt, John Mearns and wife. An
drew Jackson and wife. William Armstrong.
Misa K. Arms t rone. Alexander R. Imbrie.
Mrs. M. F. Doyle, mips A. G. Sheridan, H. von
Isendorf, Miss K. Michaetson. Thomas Pollnnl,
Mrs. William Brown, Harry M. Ward, Miss
A. McDonald. Miss; Annette Erlckson. Miss
Grace Burmeister. William F. Dahl. L. F.
Terkelson, wife and son; Dave McLaughlln
and wife. Pete Sloane and wife, MUts Kittle
Nolan. Mrs. A. A. Cottrell. Mrs. M. C. Smith.
Dr. Ed C. Davis. Mlsa Caddy Armstrong. Mrs.
Violet Kesner and son. Harry Perez, Mlsa Mol
lie Commerford, Mrs. C. Commerford. Miss M.
Hogan. George S. Dunn. Mrs. F. R. Webb.
Mrs. R. C. Mattison. From Oakland— W. E.
Wolfe, L. A. Mitchell, P. N. Mlocovlch, Miss
C. F. Schall. Mlsa A.Coghlan. Mrs. H. Mat
thews. From Napa — Mrs. Nelson Wulf and
daughters. Mrs. Will Alexander. From Santa
Rosa — W. K. Farley.
>«f NEW temple of the Rathbone Sis
|LJ ters was instituted in this city Au-
V gust 22 by District Deputy Grand
Chief Clara Tuska in Golden Gate Hall
with a charter membership of thirty la
dies and thirty-two Knights of Pythias,
the latter being honorary members. The
work of institution was performed in a
very creditable manner by the instituting
officer, who was highly commended at the
close for the manner In which she had
conducted the ceremonies. There were
present many members of the Rathbone
Sisters-. Including Grand Chief Mrs. Maud
Berr>* Sheehan of Sacramento. Past Grand
Chiefs Ada Merguire and Lilly Samuela,
all of whom took a great interest in the
work. After the proclamation of Insti
tution and of installation of the officers
selected for the current term there was
a social hour. The new temple has been
named Eschscholtzia.
Rathbone Sisters.
Ivy Chapter of the Order of the Eastern
Star is making arrangements for the
celebration on September 15 of the
twenty-seventh anniversary of Its
institution. This will take the form
of a party in Golden Gate Hall,
under the direction of a committee of
which Mrs. Carrie Hooke Gordon is the
chairman. Past Patron Frank McGowan
will be the floor manager on that occa
sion. At the last held meeting of .this
chapter there was the initiation of sev
eral candidates by the officers under the
supervision of and with the assistance of
Worthy Matron Mrs. Minnie F. Wallis,
who recently returned from a pleasant
vacation in the Santa Cruz Mountains.
Harmony Chapter at its last held meet
ing had a very pleasant social evening
after the business session. There was a
programme of music and song and thl3
was following by dancing.
ON the last Tuesday in August Unity
Chapter of the Eastern Star ten
dered a reception to Mrs. Loraine
J. Pitkin, right worthy grand secretary
of the General Grand Chapter of the
United States. Owing to Mrs. Pltkin'a
prominence in Grand Army circles many
patriotic features were interspersed dur
ing the work of the evening. One of the
most effective of these was the forming
of an arch of American flags, carried, one
each, by twelve young ladies, and under
which the distinguished visitor stood
while being Introduced to the large num
ber who were in the chapter-room. Three
candidates were initiated in a faultless
manner. Among the 200 members of the
order who were in attendance there were
members of other chapters in Alameda
and Ban Francisco and notably Mrs. Mary
E. Partridge. P. M. W. G. M.; F. L. Ful
ton, James Bestor Merritt and George L.
Darling, past grand patrons, and Lulu
Lucas, P. A. G. M. During the evening
Past Associate Grand Matron Augusta D.
Wilson presented the visitor a handsome
ly framed picture of the Masonic Home
at Decoto. The main hall, with its well
arranged electric effects, was tastefully
decorated with flags and potted plants.
The banquet hall, to which all retired
after the work, was decorated, the na
tional-colors forming a canopy in the
center of the ceiling, from which hting a
basket of graceful ferns. An appetizing
supper was served and the guest of honor
expressed her great appreciation of the
attention shown her.
Eastern Star.
' The bride is the youngest daughter of
John Littooy, a well known merchant of
this city. She is quite prominent and has
many friends among the young set of
Los Angeles. Mr. Mayo Is popular in the
social and business world of Seattle, at
which place he is connected with tho
pestoffice department.
After a wedding trip of several weeks
to the principal resorts of California the
young couple will return to Seattle, where
they will reside.
Miss Alicia Florence Llttooy
and A. L.. Mayo. •
The wedding is to be a quiet affair at
the residence of the bride's parents, Mr.
and Mrs. John Llttooy, 643 Crocker street
Invitations have been limited to rela
tives and a few intimate friends. The
Rev. P. H. Bodkin will tie the nuptial
knot.
j<^y(J OS ANGELES. Sept. 5.— A
wedding of special interest in
I) society will bo solemnized on
y)\s I next Tuesday evening, Sep
/~~**^Z/ tember 8. The principals are
Let us remember, however, that the higher
formi of culture cannot best endure save where
the reneral forms of culture and education
are widespread. It is cne of the functions of
the public school service . to spread wide th«
spirit and the forms of education and culture.
And so, ecm« day, San Francisco must sus
tain a public school system which shall be
worthy cf rank with its industry and rnuElc,
Its commerce and its art. Meanwhile in our
enthusiasm for the future let us be "about
and doing." The future is made up of Just
euch hours as we are Jiving now. and the deeds
cf the future are but those we can now do.
Do you realize that then- is growinp up on
thle Western coas=t a pecor.d new civilization,
a new center of trade an<i culture which is to
be more profoundly American than that on the
Eastern seaboard? Already tfure are PigiM! cf
our quickening development. Our commerce
and manufacture*, the bMla of our new
growth, are already swinging forward with
majestic strides. In this San Francisco has
taken and must maintain the lead. The great
est city of the Far West, it muFt rise to the
responsibilities Vl leading in culture and edu
cation as it leads In industry and trade. Sep
arated from "the great centers of American cul
ture. Industry and life upon the Atlantic by
vast stretch.-s cf territory, lofty mountain bar
riers and wide stretching plains, we must be
always largely dependent upon ourselves. Here
ehall rise a Becond great American civiliza
tion. In matters of industry this seems al
ready assured. In matters of culture there are
many assuring signs. In the field of letters
Wtstera men and women — liarte. Twain,
ilarkham, N orris and London — have spoken
¦with certain voices; in music our people have
risen to be the most appreciative In the na
tion, itascagni end Kcheel, Gadski and Eair.es,
find a welcome here that no other place of
proportionate size can boast. In art the West
ern echool ha* made Ju mark. Keith and
Hill. Peters. Matthews and others have pio
neered in our favor. In scholarship two great
universities lead the vay to research and
truth. We nave but to grow as we are grow
ing and the future leadership of £an Francisco
Is eaie.
THE CENTER OF CULTURE.
We are behind and must catch up. The city I
Is growing t-o fast that if we do not catch up j
eoon we never will, for this year alone there '
has been an increase of alrriort 0000 census chll- I
Cren. We cannot properly take care of those j
we have, how shall we take caie of the In- |
crea*e? Then the last school census rtrmrts i
showed that there are in this city almost iO.000 :
census children who attended no school, public '
or private, during the past year. The last L^g. I
Ulature passed a compulsory school law which j
we .mutt «>oon enloroe. We cannot properly •
take care cf these children who are willing tu i
attfnd school; how shall we care for tho«e who I
ought to be compelled to attend T Nothing less ;
than something strenuous can relieve our situa- j
tion. and that is the strenuous Fupport of the j
echool bonds at the coming election by all who '
cave a deep concern in the schools.
When you have given children healthy quar- ]
ter», with conditions conducive to comfort and '
inspiration ana work, you have laid the fcunda- i
tion for a pood s- hool system. You cannoi I
make over the natural and eocial atmosphere In
•which a child lives, but you can make his arti- !
flcial and human environment what it ought to I
be. Give the child beautiful and comfortable I
buildings and grounds designed fcr his health
and the cultivation of h!s finer sensibilities and I
you make his artificial environment a powerful
but unconscious influence for good as against
t^tatiEtics compiled from the latest available
reports show that ihce ip more overcrowding
in San Francisco than anywhere else. The av
erage number of children belonging to a single
teacher in San Francisco Is over forty-six In
tlie largest cjtiea of the United States, where
the evils of overcrowding are likely to be great
et-t. it is much less. No teacher can do justice
to primary- children with more than a maximum
3f forty children, while tho maximum for gram
mar grades ehouid be forty-five.
Aa interesting 1 lecture was delivered
yesterday afternoon by Superintendent of
Public Schools William H. Langdon to
tho members of the local Council of
Women's Clubs In the assembly hall of
the Century Club. The subject of his lec
ture was "The Future Development of
Our Public School System." He said, in
part:
The schools of the city of 5an Francisco have
not been iui'i are not what they ought to be. It
Is not our ! u.i.:.t .-.- to encage la rancorous dis
. .'.-:-.¦ :. as to the responsibility (or this condi
tion, or to engage in controversy as to the par
ticular causes v. j:; v <i have left us where we are.
It is your business and mine as your official
representative to take things as they are and
lilt them tu a higrh level, one commensurate
with cur rank a«s the greatest city in the far
\Vett. Beiore tills can be done, we must learn
;.'!•- lessen < ' patience, lor a great work take*
tears for it* accomplishment. The school de
partment cannot be brought to the state that
we desire in two or three years — it will require
eight or ten years of conblstent working toward
a definite ideal. We must firet study our prob
lems, long and patiently, and then Fet for our
selves the best known educational ideals that
*,'.'. :.t our pecuhar situation, and then we must
be content to gain irround slowly and eteadily —
an Inch a year until our mile is measured off.
Then our work will have been well done — and
the superstructure that those who follow will
build will have a sound foundation. We want
your co-operation, but we want that }cu ehall
6tudy aad work with us patiently, for this is na
simple problem. If any one offers you a pimple
solution, be timid of accepting it. It Is a good
working principle to beware of any simple rem
edy for & great social problem. If you would
¦work with us content to improve some Flight
ihirg each month or year and to Influence pub
lic opinion to support the public school more
liberally we con, together, overcome every dif-
Oculty.
BETTEB BUILDINGS NEEDED.
One of the first things we need is a system
of modern, well equipped school buildings to
relieve congestion. Nothing less than a large
bond issue will do. for Bail Francisco has the
worst school equipment of ail the important
cities in the United States. Outside of two
brick high fechool building?, San K-ancisco hat
not a substantial end presentable building. The
elementary schools are miserably cared for.
Children are crowded together in a way not to
be found in other advanced centers of civiliza
tion in these United States.
Urges Club Women in Lec
ture to Work for the
Bond Issue. •
Dwells on Crowded Con
dition ' of School
Buildings.
Mips Maud Woolncr became the bride
of Roland Roy of Reno on Wednesday
evening at St. John's -Episcopal Church.
Row George Swan of St. Mark's Church.
Berkeley, officiated. The bride wore a
handsome gown of white l!Tk and a filmy
veil of tulle.' She was attended by Miss
L*-la Mulr cf Portland, maid of honor,
and Miss Veronica Burns and Miss Louise
TV right of Berkeley, bridesmaids. Gen
eral R. G. O'Brien of Washington, an
uncle of the bride, gave her into' the
keeping of tho groom. Bert Young, a
classmate of Mr. Roy at Stanford, was
best man. Carlton Lane and Leo Putzker
of Berkeley were ushers. The wedding
was follovrpd by a small reception at the
home of the bride's mother and sister,
Mrs. W. A. Stewart. 525 Hill street. Mr.
and Mrs. Rov have pone to Reno, where
they will make their home.
John W. Rogers, president of the Civil
Service Commission and eon of Mr. and
Mrs. James 3: Rogers, is about to take
for his bride 3>llss Florence I. Porter,
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. John T. Porter.
The wedding, .which will . take place on
Tuesday next at hjeh" noon, will be a
quiet affair, at the residence of the bride's
parents. 133 Hafght street, witnessed only
by the relatives of both families, num
bering about twenty. Rev. Dr. *E. R.
Dille of Oakland will tie the nuptial knot.
The bride will be attended by Miss Alsie
J. Irving, and the" groom's brother,
Charles H. Rogers, will be best man.
After a two weeks' honeymoon at Del
Monte and other points In Southern Cali
fornia Mr. and Mrs. Rogers will return
to the city, making their home with the
parents of the bride.
A household shower for charity will be
given on October 7 under the auspices
of the Alden Club, a branch of the In
ternational Sunshine Society. Each de
partment will represent one room In a
house and will be completely furnished
with suitable articles for sale. The pa
tronesses are: Mrs. John F. Merrill, Mrs.
G. J. Bucknall. Mrs. Ella in. Sexton, Mrs.
G. W. Caswell. Mrs. Washington Ayer.
Mrs. John a. Jewett and Mrs. Josephine
de Greayer. Those in charge of the ar
rangements are: Miss Jennie .McFarland,
Miss Lavipna Giesting. Miss Meta Stofen,
Miss Marie Denerraud. Miss Abbie Ed
wards, Miss Elizabeth Edwards, Miss
Nctta Sexton. Miss^adie Fitch, Miss Vir
ginia Dare and Mias Mabel Ayer.
An interesting entertainment will be
given at the Marie Kip Orphanage on
Friday and Saturday, November 6 and 7.
The affair will ba in tho nature of a
bazaar and win end with a dance on the
evening of the 7th. when many of the
younger set are expected to lend their
presence. The board of managers which
has the arrangements in charge comprise
Miss Carrie Gwin, Mrs. Thomas P. Wood
ward. Mrs. Sidney Worth, Mrs. R. B.
Sanchez. Mrs. George H. Buckingham,
Mrs. Arthur Holland, Mrs. Simons, Mrs.
E. D. Bullard, Miss Mary Heath. Miss
Eva Maynard and Miss Elizabeth Brown.
The Albert Sidney Johnston Chapter of
Daughters of the Confederacy met at the
residence of Mrs? Kittle, Steiner street
and Pacific avenue, yesterday afternoon.
Mrs. A. H. Voorhles, regent of the chap
ter, presided at the meeting, where.con
siderable business was taken under con
sideration. Including plans providing for
the assistance of Confederate veterans.
The' charitable work' of "this organization
requires a constant expenditure of funds,
and if those Invited to its charity ball
on October 23 respond generously the ex
chequer will" be substantially strength
ened for the demands of the coming sea
son. This affair is to be an assembly and
will be the Ilrst one given in the new
ballroom of the Palace Hotel. Five other
rooms have been .engaged for the enter
tainment of the guests on that evening,
including the exclusive use of the grill
room.
Miss E. Callsh is being entertained at
Los Angeles and Catalina Island. Upon
her return home Miss Callsh will reside
permanently .with her slater and brother
in-law, Mr. and Mrs. George. G.,Gauld, at
3009 Sacramento street. Mr. and Mrs.
*y :i* ¦-. •
Mr. and Mrs. W. J. Newman and fam
ily have moved from 2320 Clay street to
their new residence, 1707 Octavia- street,
where they will be pleased to receive
their friends.
Mrs. Fanny Popper announces the con
firmation of her son Rudolph at the
Bush-street Temple Saturday, September
12. j Reception Sunday from 2 to 5 o'clock
at 1210A Scott street.
Mrs. Fred Leinenueber of Portland, ac
companied by her brother, Master Hlland
Kuettner of Astoria, are expected to ar
rive on the steamer Columbia. They
will visit a couple of weeks In this city.
Mrs. G. Alexander Wright of Alameda
and her two daughters returned home on
Friday, after spending a delightful holi
day in the high Sierras.
PERSONALS.
A very pleasant at home was given by
Miss Elizabeth Dusenberry last Sunday
evening. The occasion also commemo
rated the birthday of Mr. Rosendo Lacun
za, quartermaster of the steamer Peru.
Among those present were:
Mr. and Mrs. Marcello Ferro, Mr. and
Mrs. Enrique Navaretta, Mr. and Mrs.
Fred Nussa, Mrs. S. Dusenberry, Miss Ida
Swlkard, Miss Hope Mecready, Miss Char
lotte Dusenberry, Misa Elizabeth Dusen
berry, Miss Carmelita Echeverria, Miss
Florence Harrington, Miss Carmen Nava
rette, and Messrs, Rosendo Lacunza, K.
White, H. Eca de Silva, Charles Dusen
berry, Willie Dusenberry, Michael Zeller,
D. O. Tobias, Alexander Norrle, Samuel
Chase and Baby Ferro.
A most enjoyable- birthday party was
given August 27 to Arnold Dolder at his
residence, 809A Thirteenth street, which
was decorated for the occasion with Chi
nese lanterns, ferns and cut flowers. The
evening was spent in music, dancing and
games. ! ¦ . « . . • "
• • •
Last Sunday evening Miss Ella Peter
son . entertained a number of her friends.
Dr. Castelhun and Herman Olauch, the
well-known German poets of this city,
read some of their best works. Mrs.
Clara Peteraon read some of her charm
ing poems. Mr. and Mrs. Wertsch, Mrs.
GlaUch. Miss Kelly; Miss Schwartz, Mr.
Schmidt and others were present.
HOME PABTIES.
The members of the Deutscher Club
will receive their friends at Golden Gate
Hall "Wednesday evening, September 16.
CLUB PARTIES.
Miss Carolyn Perkins of Grass Valley
and J. Frank Llndstrom of this city
will be married on Tuesday next at high
noon. Rev. Dr. L. C. rianford of St.
John's^ Episcopal Church will perform
the ceremony. Mr. Max Gross will act
as best man. Miss Lyla Perkins, sister
of the bride, will act as bridesmaid. The
bride-elect Is the pretty daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. George Perkins of Grass Val
ley and a sister of Mrs. Nellie Michell,
one of. the past State presidents of the
Rebekahs,' I. O. O. F., and trustee of
the Widows' and Orphans' Home at Gll
roy and .prominently . identified with
Grass Valley Chapter, Eastern Star. Mr.
Perkins Is a pioneer of Nevada County
and his son-in-law, Oscar Coflin, is one
of tho leading mining men of Ne
vada County. Mr. Lindstrom is well
known in San Joaquln County, being a
son of the late Charles Lindstrom, who
was one of the pioneers of the State and
founder of Llndstrom's Ferry and well
known In public life. J. F. Lindstrom
is well known in social and fraternal
circles, being prominent In tho Masonic
fraternity, I. O. O. F., Native Sons, a
past deputy high chief ranger, a past
chief ranger and organizer of Court
Gartleld, A. O. F.
Mrs. R. Rosenblum announces the en
gagement of her sister, Miss Laura Elles,
to Melville B. Rosenberg of tHe city. Tho
bride-elect will receive Sunday, Septem
ber 13, and Wednesday, September 16, at
her residence, 2211 Buchanan street. -
Louis Pockwltz announces the engage
ment of his daughter. Frieda, to Otto
von Hofe of Neuwled on the Rhine, Ger
many.
Mr. and Mrs. A. Mooser of Santa Mon
ica announce the engagement of their
daughter, Edna, to I. E. Lavrfnthal, both
of Los Angeles.
The engagement Is announced of Miss
Belle Jalumstein to Philip H. Saplro of
Oakland. They will receive Sunday even-
Ing, September 20, at 600 Devisadero
street.
Invitations have been issued to the
marriage of Miss Ernestine Ellas of Mo
desto to Albert Bernheim of Vallejo. The
wedding will take place at the home of
the bride In Modesto on September 14
ENGAGEMENTS.
weddings are announced for
September, and Cupid la reaping the har
vest of hla summer's campaign at seaside
resorts, mountain retreats and elsewhere.
The 'summer girl has returned home and
many a trousseau Is now In preparation
for coming weddings.
">CL_ "~—3 HOUGH there Is no news of
1 thrilling Interest In society.
(I; I- engagements are so numer
\Vj \j ous as to cause a flutter In
~"N*» / many circles. Numerous
LANGDON PLEADS
FOR MORE ROOM
PLAN TO AID
VETERANS OF
CONFEDERACY
IN THE GAY
WHIRL OF THE
SOCIAL WORLD
THE SAN FBAHCISCP CAIiTj. aP-KDAY,. SEPTEMBER 6, . 1U03.
LOS ANGELES
BELLE TO WED
SEATTLE SUITOR
32
ADVEBTISEMENT3.
IS YOUR FACE UNWO->i rt i>LY?
Have you dark shadows on your lipa, cheek,
chin or person? If you have, B. a B. English
Caramel Is just What you want.-.
It removeg and cures this unfortunate blem-
ish. . -. . '-^
After one application- your 'face will be as
free from hair aa the palm of your hand. - -
I B. B. B. English Caramel Is Indorsed by the
medical profession, and has had twenty years of
successful practice In England and on the Con*
tlnent. It is, in fact, the only satisfactory erad-
lcator of superfluous hair known to science '
Elite Skin Food— Removes all blemuhes and
roughness; makes the complexion perfect; keeps
the skin clear, soft and smooth.
The Elite Blackhead Eradlcator — Permanent.
ly removes blackheads and reduces the cores
of the skin.
Elite Face Powder— Chemically pure; a pre-
ventlva of superfluous hair.
The Elite .Face Bleach— For removing tan
and freckles. . It bas no equal.
Prompt attention to mail orders with stamps.
Elite Dermatology Institute* .
V — .. 638 Market gu» gaa Francisco* ... ,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NOT TO = DAY,
THANK YOU!
Perhaps you have found out how
hard it is to obtain employment
now that youth has passed away.
Perhaps YOU have heard the "Not
to-day, thank you," in reply to
your earnest applications for posi-
tions. You need not be handicap-
ped in this way for another week.
Scores of ladies have had your ex-
perience, and are now filling re-
munerative places.
Those gray hairs must go, and
the only safe and natural way to
bring back girlhood's tresses in all
their glory is to use
Mrs. Nettie Harrison's
A DAYS' HAIR
TP RESTORER
It never fails and has made thou-
sands of enthusiastic, firm friends.
We trust your experience may
be the same as our many other
lady friends. $i a bottle. All drug-
gists, jj
Mrs. Nettle Harrison's
LOLA MONTBZ CRBME
: t' v Makes Facial Beauty
Possible to the plainest featured
lady. Wrinkles and dry, faded skin
— all the marks of care, worry and
illness — speedily replaced by a
clear, rosy complexion. 75c a jar.
Iiaits Three Month*. AU Dnnrgi«t».
FE?FF A Trial Pot of the Cieme
1 ftLL Free to ladle* ¦ending: this
ad. and lOo In «tamps. Also book of
infractions and a box of 017 race
Powder FREE.
SVSlVJ?* Superfluous Hair
THE ELECTRIC NEEDLE
In Skillful Hands, as Operated at My
Dermatolcgrical Parlors.
Warts, Freckles, Moles, Pimples
and all Facial Blemishes scientific-
ally treated and permanently cor-
rected under my personal super-
vision at my parlors.
We employ no traveling agrents.
MRS. NETTFhARRISON
DERMATOLOGIST, .
14O Geary St., San Francisco.
? <:.';."'¦.:. o ADVEBTISmOTNTa.' '" ' "
The wonderful power of Iiydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound over the diseases^ of T*omair»
kind is not because it is a stimulant, — not because it is a palliative, but simply because it is the most
wonderful tonic and reconstructor ever discovered to act directly upon the whole .uterine system, positively
CURING disease and restoring health and vigor. v w
Marvelous cures are reported from all parts of the country by women who have been cured, trained
nurses who have witnessed cures, and physicians who have recognized the^ virtue in X-ydia XL
Pinkham's "Vegetable Compound and are fair enough to give credit where it is due.
One of Many Women Cured by Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compoundr
Without Submitting to an Operation, Writes: —
"Dear Mrs. Pinkham ; — I was a great sufferer for three years, had some of the leading physicians,
and they all said nothing but an operation would cure me, but to that I would not submit.
" I picked up a paper and saw your advertisement and made up mjr .mind to try your medicine. I
had falling and inflammation of the womb and a flow of whites all the time, pains across small of back,
severe headache, did not know what it was to be without a pain or an ache until I used your medicine.
After three months' use of it, I felt like a new woman. I still sound the praise of Lydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound."— Mrs. Wat A. Cowan, 1804 Bainbridgo St., Philadelphia, Pa.
A Graduate Nurse, Convinced by Cures, Endorses Lydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound. She Writes: —
"Dear Mrs. Pinkham : — Ministering to the sick I have had numerous chances to compare Iiydia
E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound with other medicines in cases of diseases of ¦women, and tho
number of cures recorded where your medicine was used convinced me that it is the safest and surest
medicine for a sick woman. Doctors certainly niust know the value of Iiydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound. I am convinced that you deserve the splendid record you have made. — Yours very truly,
Mrs. Catherine Jackson, 769 Beaubien St., Detroit, Mich." (Graduate Nurse and President Detroit
Emergency Association.) \
Many Physicians Admit that no Medicine Known to the Profession Equals
Lydia E. Pinkham's Compound for the Cure of Woman's Ills,
and We are Permitted to Publish the Following: —
"Dear Mrs. Pinkham: — It gives me great pleasure to state that I have found Lydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound very efficacious, and have often prescribed it for female difficulties.
"My oldest daughter found it very beneficial for uterine trouble some two years ago, and my youngest
daughter is using it for. female weakness, and as a tonic, and is slowly but surely gaining strength and health.
" I freely advocate it as a most reliable specific in all disorders which women are reject to, and give it
honest endorsement. — Yours very truly, Sarah C. Brioham, M.D., 4 Brigham Park, Fi burg, Mass.
If physicians dared to be frank and open, hundreds of them would acknowledge that they constantly
prescribe Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound in severe cases of female ills, as they know by
experience that it can be relied upon to effect a cure.
Women who are troubled with painful or irregular menstruation, backache, bloating (or flatulence),
leucorrhcea, falling, inflammation or ulceration of the uterus, ovarian troubles, that " bearing-down " feeling,
dizziness, faintness, indigestion, nervous prostration or the blues, should take immediate action to ward off
the serious consequences, and be restored to perfect health and strength by taking Lydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound, and then write to Mra. Pinkham, Lynn, Mass., for further free advice. No liv?*.g
person has had such a vast and successful experience in treating female ills. She has guided thousanda to
oifeith. Everv sufferina: woman should a«K for and follow her advice.
' ADVEBTisEanarrs.
JJMJLC wix j»rr- \@Hl JPTtmrnmrJ I
<%*£&££• £££crx/cfrr ~ox - i
MZP7CIJV2S ' Jr£CSA£ J>£sn>sr— i
DRL WILLIAMS
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR 1
bulldln«. 1170 Market street, cor. -rl£ioi>oom.
28-29. with the electrto needle witho« pate «
•car; permaaeacy guaranteed; Hours 1 w 4 p,o»The executive office of the United
States calls for only $112,000 a year,
while England gives the royal family
S4.000.000.
This entire advertising plan Is being carried
out by Barnard & Swasey. the largest firm In
the West In the management, designing, writ-
Ing and placing of advertising. The whole
idea of the style and method of campaign was
originated by this firm and immediately ac
cepted by Grommes & Ullrich.
Grommes & Ullrich are known throughout
America as one of the oldest and most reliable
distilling firms, who have built up their huge
business by their unflinching integrity and en
terprising methods, of which this advertising
campaign is but another example.
These Illustrations are done by a renowned
poster and scenic artist, and promise to be
something far above the usual run of advertis
ing art. Advertising of such great historical
and biographical value has never been at
tempted before on the Pacific Coast, and can
not fail to arouse the greatest educational in
terest and be highly appreciated along that
line.
Every phase of the romantic life of th's he
roic pioneer will be represented— his departure
from the Canadian missions to discover and
explore the Mississippi; his Journey to i»ach
that river, and many # other events In Mar
quette's life will appear in these pictures.
A very Interesting and Instructive advertis
ing campaign will shortly be placed before
the people of. San Francisco.
Grommes & Ullrich of Chicago, distillers of
Marquette Whiskey — the purest and costliest
whisky made — will pUce in the newspapers,
street cars and upon the billboards beautifully
executed and highly artistic Illustrations of
the lite and adventures of Pere Marquette,
the famous explorer and discoverer after whom
their whisky Is named. "
A Unique Advertising Campaign.
Rhoda Royal's sixty-one-horse act,
Pearl Souder's three groups of perform
ing elephants and Captain Webb's two
troupes of educated seals are examples of
animal training thai have never been
equaled and constitute In themselves
priceless features of attraction in this
enormous show. Seats for any ' of the
performances may be bought at Sherman
& Clay's for exactly the same price
charged at the wagons on the show
grounds.
The parade was postponed from Mon
day to Tuesday on account of the Labor
day procession. The first performance
•will be given Monday afternoon. Sunday
all the show tents but tlie menagerie will
be open to the public.
The big circus parade Tuesday morning
will start from the show grounds at
Eleventh and Market streets promptly_at
9 o'clock and move as follows: To
Howard, to Second, to Market, to Mont
gomery, to California, to Kearny, to Mar
ket and thence to ehow grounds.
SIXTY-ONE HORSE ACT.
There are more than 300 acts in the
arenlc bill and the performers are gath
ered from the four corners of the earth.
Among the far-famed in their different
way are the Dollard troupe, the Nelson
family, the Fortune brothers, the Rios,
the St. Leon family, the Tybell sisters,
the Leon sisters, the flying Fishers, the
Potter family and the Alvo trio. Among
the accomplished horsemen and horse
women are John Rooney, Mike Rooney,
Rhoda Royal, Reno McCree, Albert Cran
dall, the Hobsons, Dolly Julian, May
Davenport, Ida Mlaco, Daisy Leon and
too many more to mention here.
The little baby elephant, "Baby Boo."
will be left at home, as will the little
baby dromedary and the other Infant
mites of wild animal nature. This nur
sery department Is one of the great at
tractions of the big show.
In a dramatic spectacle, called "Jeru
salem and the Crusades," Ringling Bros,
bring forward a distinct circus novelty.
Pageants and ballet spectacles have been
seen before under circus canvas. This is
the first time, however, that the scenic
appointments of a theater have been used
to tell a story- Twelve hundred chai^
acters, 200 choristers, 200 dancing girls,
2000 costumes, Bpeclal scenery, electrical
and calcium effects and original music
signify the importance of this feature.
This novelty will take up about thirty
minutes of time and precedes the circus
programme proper.
INFANTS OV THE JUNGLE.
Most of the animal dens will be open.
Fashionable traps, crack military com
panies, typifying foreign nations; a herd
of elephants, gayly gowned women riders,
smart malt* whips, a mounted military
band, a hair-lifting clown band, all sorts
of "Merry Andrews," forty plodding ele
phants, meekly marching camels, and %
lot of other oddities of more or less Inter
est, If not actual fascination, will be in
dividual items in the three-mile display
of circus glories.
Tuesday morning at 9 o'clock the big
street pageant will leave the shov(
grounds and wend its way through the
principal tfowntown streets. This display
of Ringling Bros, is worth going a long
way to see, for it is not only longer, but
it comprises more attractive features
than were ever woven into an affair of
this kind before. Besides the hundred
and one things peculiar to such exhibi
tions, there is a host of novelties which
separate this firm from all others for en
terprise and ingenuity. There will be,
twenty-five tableau floats, gorgeous
structures of cost and color, upon which
will be grouped typical figures in familiar
scenes from the important nations of the
earth. >
Earjy this morning the long circus
trains of Ringling Bros, will cross the bay
and the great army of show people will
quickly go into camp at Eleventh and
Market streets. It takes more than four
score of cars, most of them double
length, to haul the great enterprise from
place to place. The circus is to be here
eight days, beginning- Monday, and per
formances will be given afternoon and
evening at 2 and 8 o'clock.
Ringling Brothers' Show
Arrives With Army
of People.
CIRCUS TRAINS
COME TO TOWN
The California Redwood Lumber Asso
ciation has Informed the commissioners
to St. Louis that all the companies repre
sented In the redwood lumber combine
will co-operate to make up a great.show
ing of redwood. Among the big things
reported at yesterday's meeting of the
St. Louis commissioners was a sea bass
weighing 450 pounds that was caught off
the coast of Southern California.
Wiggins told then of the offer of the.
Southern California Citrus Fruit Agency
to provide a sufficient quantity of citrus
fruits by the carload to keep up the rep
utation of California In great shape, and
Commissioner Fllcher said that the north
ern counties would also provide citrus
fruits In great quantities.
A display of California npples will be
made at St. Louis that will rival those
of even Illinois, Ohio and all other apple
producing States that have made reputa
tions In that line. This will undoubted
ly be a cause of surprise to the country
at large. California's show will Include
practically everything that Is raised In
any part of the world having a temper
ate climate and will also exhibit an ag
gregation of specialties in soil products
that cannot elsewhere be duplicated. In
the apple display southern and northern
counties will alike be represented largely.
The California commissioners to the St.
Louis Exposition held an important meet-
Ing In this city yesterday. They decided
definitely that the California building at
St.. Louis must be completed and the keys
In the possession of the commissioners by
January 1 next. Atter some delay the
specifications have been sent on for final
approval of the exposition authorities.
An answer by wire, as to whether they
are entirely satisfactory had been re
quested. The outlook is good that the
contract for bids for construction of the
building will be advertised within the
next fortnight. The time that it will take
to build Is estimated at about thirty days
by Commissioners Fllcher and Wiggins.
Announcements were made at yesterday's
meeting of great interest to the State.
One was that the forestry, agriculture
and horticulture exhibits of the State at
St. Louis will surpass any ever made at
any world's fair. This has been deter
mined to be the fact by the returns al
ready made and by comparison with what
has been done at other times. It was
also announced that the biggest collection
of Pacific Coast fish up to date has been
secured. A great show at St. Louis In
behalf of California is assured ' in the
lines of education and arts.
Southern California comes to the front
with a huge walnut elephant to illustrate
the .walnut growing Industry of the State.
This elephant will be thirteen feet high
and will weigh about two tons. When
Commissioner Filcher heard of this he re
ported a gigantic cheese that will be pro
vided to indicate the dairy Industry of
the northern part of the State. This enor
mous cheese would cut up into enough
cheese sandwiches to furnish the entire
attendance for a day at St. Louis. Fll
cher confessed with evident pride that
the cheese will weigh one ton.
Oranges Are Pledged by Oar
Load to Advertise
the State.
Ton Weight Is Officially
Credited to One
Cheese.
HUGE EXHIBITS
FOR ST. LOUIS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY,.. .SEPTEMBER fi, 1903.
33
Beginning MftVIHY
To-morrow. HlUM/AI,
FOURTH WEEK OF THE :
HENRY MILLER
margareTanglin
SKASON. \ REPERTOIRE WEEK.
Monday. Tuesday and Wednesday Nights.
MATINEE WEDNESDAY.
. "THE DEVIL'S DISCIPLE."
Thursday. Friday and Saturday Nights.
MATINEE SATURDAY..
"THE TAMING OF HELEN."
Monday. September 14, Fifth and Last Week.
HENRY MILLER. MARGARET ANGLIN.
First time here. Dramatization by Henry
Miller of Geor*e Ohnet's novel, "Le Maltre des
Forges," entitled
"THE AFTERMATH."
SEATS READY THURSDAY.
COMING SOON IS$11
PRINCE OF PILSE1M.
MbtFORNIA
1 - f COMMENCING TO-NIGHT.~lfla*
%^y Last Six Times. H »
NEII.ti-rORuM-O o>M?AXT. 9 *
In the dramatic marvel of
75 the age. %§
% j" NOTBE DAME, v
j50 Sta*e Version of Victor fit)
"~ Hugo's Masterpiece. ""j
23 Last Bargain Matinee 9*\
*** . Thursday. •*-**
Saturday Night — Opening
T! of regular season. ipiS
i A iriend of the Family. fct
H E. AT Rp
ALCAZAR"ir
/ Gen. MKr.
TO-NIGHT S onE
The Most Successful Engagement of
FLORENCE ROBERTS
Who Will Appear Every Evening and at the
Saturday Matinee In
THE UNWELCOME MRS. HATCH.
MATINEE NEXT THURSDAY !
Special Performance of D'Aniwinzlo's
CIOCONDA
MISS ROBERTS AS SYLVIA.- -
Evgs. 25c to 7BC. : Sat. Mat.. 13c to 80c.
Night Prices at Gioconda Matinee.
SEPT. 14— MISS ROBERTS as MAGDA.
High-Class Specialties Every Afternooiiand
Evening in the Theater. _
LEANDO BROTHERS: GEORGE AUSTIN;
OLSON BROTHERS: SPAULDING: LO-
RA1N AND HOWELL; MAY LAMSON;
WILLIAMS AND ALVA. AND NEW MOV-
ING PICTURES..
FIREWORKS TO-MORROW NIGHT!
CHINESE "BABY GIRL
IN TH* INFANT, INCUBATOR.
_ — ADMISSION, 10c; CHILDREN. 0c
AMTJSEBTENTS. .
0 WEEK COMMENCING THIS AFTER- ft
Q NOON. SEPT. 8. 0
2 Special Matinee Labor Day, £
I Monday, September 7 •
• Vaudeville Eye-Openers ! f
§ FREDERICK BOND & GO. I
© In Their L&urhable Fare* In One Act 9
• Entitled "MY AWFUL DAD." ©
1 ORIGINAL RIO BROS. S
2 Th« Peerless Trio of Athletlo Enttr- J
• talners. •
| ALMONT & DUMONT I
O The World's Greatest Instrumental 9
q Hussars. 3
9
First American Appearance of 0
2 FISCHER & WAGKER f
• Comie Tyrolean Duetlsts. ?•
• T. NELSON DOWNS !
0 Kins of Coins. # .'
• The Lavine-Cameron Trio §
| Presenting Their Laughing; Absurdity. 2
• "MY DEMENTED FRIEND." •
• MARGUERITE & HANLEY •
0 Sensational Acrobats. 0
I GEORGE SGHINDLER I
5 The World's Greatest Harmonica X
• Player #
• ¦ ©
O Last Week of 9
| BLOOM & COOPER •
O In Their Playlet. "A PICTURE FROM ft
p LIFE," 2
• Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony. 10c: fi
-% Children, any part except reserved^ 10c •
™ A few front Orchestra Rows, reserved, •
0 50c; front rows of Balcony, reserved. O
• »j •
SYMPHONY CONCERTS
FRIH SGHEEL, DIRECTOR.
OSAND OFESA HOUSE. '
Auspices of the S. F. Syir.phony Society.
Concert «very Tuesday at 3 p. m.
Prices of seats. 50c, $1. |1 25. $1 SO.
SPECIAL! "IMPORTANT!
Two Grand Popular and Wagner
Concerts.
MECHA1TICS' PAVILIOW
FRITZ SCKEEL. Director.
P. F. SYMPHONY ORCHESTRA, 73 musicians.
LABOR DAY. MONDAY. Sept. 7. at 3 p. m.
ADMISSION DAY. WEDNESDAY. Sept. D.
at 3 p. tn.
POPULAR MUSIC. POPULAR PRICES.
(Look for programme in the next Sunday's
papers.)
Prices 25c. 5Cc. 75c.
Tickets for sale at SHERMAN & CLAY" 3
Music Store and at the PAVILION and GRAN D
OPERA-HOUSE on days of concerts.
See daily papers for programmes of popular
concerts.
GRAND EXCURSION
To VALLEJO. on the new steamer SUNOL*
SUNDAY. Sept. 6, IOCS. Will visit all points
of interest on the bay. Lunch and refresh-
ments aboard the steamer. Music and dancing.
Round trip, 5Cc; children. 25c. Tickets for
sale in advance by M. A. TUCKER. Clay-si.
Wharf, and also aboard steamer on Sunday
mornini?- Leaves Washington-st. Wharf. Pier
3. at 10:15 a. ni.
UNITED STATES BBANCH.
STATEMENT
I OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIBS
OF THE
PHCENIX
ASSURANCE COMPANY, Limited,
OF LONDON. ENGLAND. ON THE .".1ST
day of December. A. D. lOtt!. and for the
year endlns on that day. as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia* pursuant to the provisions of Sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds Owned by Company. .$2,469,341 25
Cash In Company's Ofrtce 265 21
Cash in Banks 276.641 1)1
Interest Due and Accrued on all •
Stocks and Loans 29.042 50
Premiums In due Course of Col-
lection 284,841 $4
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on Losses already paid. 3.351 27
Total Assets '...$3. 063.45a tfS
LIABILITIES. "
Losses adjusted and unpaid 151,230 00
Losses tn process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 233,452 00
Losses resisted. Including expenses. 21.S32 CO
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
nine one year or le«3, J1.SS5.-
927 27; reinsurance CO per cent. 042.063 C3
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning: 'more than one yeax. $1.5*5,-
723 97: reinsurance pro rata... 832.325 25
Dua and accrued for Salaries,
Rent, etc 2.173 72
Commissions and Brokerage dutt
and to become due 7S.072 Sd
All other liabilities 231.929 24
• ,".Totai Liabilities .i *2,307.21S_43
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $2,802,937 13
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and
from all other sources si.W. Z2
Received from Home Office 324,375 00
Uncollected premiums of last year,
collected this year 1S5.4CS 77
Total Income >3. 004.812 It
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fir« Losses
(including J716.938 57. losees of
previous years) $1,776,363 ,*A
Remitted to Home Office 83.004 03
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage T'li" 4D1 « 607 M
Paid for Salaries Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 153,041 24
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes — ••• ••• * 3 .*M <«
All other payments and expend!-
Ui.es 1.E..033 Zt
Total Expendlturei frli.*!? 1 " 2
Fire!
Losses incurred during the year. .$1.656.143 00
Risks and Premlums|Firo Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
5Sr • 337.819,463 4.179.92109
Net amount in force
December 31. 1002.. 308.773.790 3.471.631 21
1 ! LO143 P. BATARD.
>^N Second assistant Manager.
Subscribed and sworn §¦ before me. this 4th
day of February, "g^^, o . RUGER>
Notary Public.
BUTLER & HEWITT,
GENERAL AGENT3.
413 CALIFORNIA STREET, San frwtW^CO
TIVOLfSSS.
NOTE — performance commences at 8 o'clock
sharp. Matinee on Saturday at 'J sharp.
JXD-XIGHT— Last Performance of "LUCIA DI
LAMMERMOOR."
WEEK OF SEPTEMBER 7.
Monday, Wednesday. Friday and Saturday
EveninKS, Gounod's Immortal Opera
"FAUST."
*•" With the Brilliant Lyric Soprano,
TINA DE SPADA
AS iMAl?GUERITE.
Tuesday. Thursday and Sunday Evenings,
Saturday Matinee, Verdi's Lyric Drama,
"RIGOLETTO,"
Prices always the same 25c, 80c, 73c
Telephone. Bush '9.
SK^BctS I§ I BbMLo * mater,
"^ Proprietors.
Market et., near Eighth. Phone South 633.
MATINEE TO-DAY. -
To-night — Last Tim* of
"THE GREAT RUBY"
STARTING WITH LABOR DAY. MATINEE
TO-MORROW.
Every Night Next Week and Matinees Wednes-
day (Admission Day). Saturday and
Sunday.
The Richest, Rarest. Raciest. Best Farce-
Comedy Ever Written,
"Whose Baby Are You?"
A Volcano of Mirth! A Tornado of Fun! -
PKICFS Evenings lOc to 50e
rnlWCJ Matinees 10c. 15c. 23o
CONTINUED SUCCESS
POLLARD'S LILLIPUTIAN OPERA CO.
MATX1TEE TO-DAY.
Last Time of THE BELLE OF NEW YORK
WEEK BEGINNING TO-NIGHT.
A GAIETY GIRL
ALL THE POLLARDS IN THE CAST.
EXTRA MATINEES — To-morrow, Labor
Day: Wednesday next. Admission Day.
NOTE— At all Matinees every lady and child
will be presented with a souvenir picture of
one of the LIIliDUtions.
PRICES — Evenlng-s 15c. 25c. 50c and 75c
Matinees .15c, 25c and 50c
THIS AFTERNOON AND TO-NIGHT
"QUO VOSS ISS" and
"THE BIG LITTLE PRINCESS."
To-morrow (Monday) Night;
I "The Con-Querers" and "Tho Glad Hind" I
Another great double bill of extremely funny
burlesques. Chock-a-block with new songs,
dances and specialties.
OUR "ALL-STAR" CAST, INCLUDING:
KOLB AND DILL.
BARNEY- BERNARD.
WINFIELD BLAKE.
HARRY HERMSEN.
MAUDE AMBER.
ELEANOR JENKINS.
ETC.. ETC., ETC.^
RESERVED SEATS— Nights. 25c. Me and
75c. Saturday and Sunday Matinees. 25c and
50c. Children at Matinees. 10c and 25c.
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THK
WEST. 24 Poet «t.. San Krandsco. Cal.
Ettabllshed 40 yeara. Open entlra y«ar.
Write for Illustrated catalogue (free).
A POLYTECHNIC
B^jl Business College and
wjjK'Bk, O^, » School of KnKlneer-
wJa^C^ff^T.t lni?1 Oal <land, Cal.
K^TTaSlW^^K Larffcn and best
equipped school of
'&£f ; 5!^3Lt5t rt^. 1 'y r £5 business ' ghorthan-1
r^rZC iSS^Al'fryyg'31. and «n*rineerlns west
*&&& JSfAiSJJ&B&T?- cf Chlcapo. Perfect
JBSttWwSfSt ttS&ml climate, expenses low.
•"? - ISsrJVr 11 '?^'^ Write for fre« 100-
paice catalogue.
ST. JOSEPH'S ACADEMY.
PERALTA PARK. BERKELEY.
Bearding and day school for boys under 13 years
of ate. Studies commence MONDAY, Aug-ust 3.
lBOa Send for prospectus to Bro. Oenebran.
St. Mary's College,
OAKLAND, CAL.
Studies will b« resumed MONDAY. August 3.
1903. BRO. ZENPNIAN. President.
VnfacP DQN'T FAIL TO
1 U1UWV gee the beautiful
j COURT Lounging
/Ififl room, the EMPIRE
auu PARLOR, the
ft i PALM ROOM, the
tfniflG LOUIS XV PAR-
ui aiiu LOR^ and the LA
n A i A t,, DIES' WRITING
Hotels r?om.
UNION
PARK
ANDREW DEAN. Judfre.
J. F. GRACE. Slipper.
To-Day, Sunday, Sept. 6, 1903
|]| CHAMPIONS
To Compete for Honors In
All = Age Event
., .TOTAL PRIZE MONEY...
STRAIN SERVICE — Special trains will leave
Third and Towneend streets 10:15 a. ni. and 1
p. m. ; Twenty-fifth and Valencia five minutes
later. Returning Immediately after last course.
San Mateo electric cars direct to the Park
every four minutes.
LYRIC HALL E «E
Charles Frohman Presents
EVERYMAN
THE XV CENTURY MORALITY PLAY,
To-Morrow Night g 30
And Every Night for Two 'Weeks, Sundays
Excepted.
Afternoons — Thursday and Saturday at 3.
Reserved Seats. $2, $1 50 and $1. at Sher-
man, Clay & Co.'s, now on sale for all
week. To-morrow and Wednesday next be-
in* legal holidays the box office, will be at
LYRIC HALL. j
LECTURES AND CONCERTS.
V STEX2TWAT HALIi,
/S&^^^^^^A TO-NKj'lIT AT s':15.
ffirWW^aaB^KVf By request of DR. Mc-
Human zAectricity,
Weekly Call,; $1 per Year
STATEMENT
OF THE
COKDITIOIT ANT> AFFAIBS
OF THE
THURINGIA
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF ERFURT. GERMANY. OX THE 31ST
d»y oJ D«cen:b«rr. A. D. 1902. and tor the
year endine on that day. as made to the In-
Furance Commissioner of the Stute of CaJi-
fornla. pursuant to the provision* of Section*
610 and till of the Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnuhed by the Connn<s»loner.
CAPITAU
Araour.t cf Capital 6tock. paid up
in Caeh $«S0.000 00
ASSETS. "
Real Estat* owned br Company. *«C.4O7 50
l^oans on BODd« and Mort«ra«e». 8,J*9.(WJ &4
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bends own«"i by Company. I,C-4.U,0 .-
Amount cf Loins secured by
pledge of Bends. Stocki and
other marketable securities a»
collateral ,r255 12
Cash in Crmpany 8 Offlc* Jl'e^ ?a
Oath in Banks 810.604 18
Interest due and accrued en all
Stocks ar.d Loans -8.. 18 sa
Bills receivable. not MatuYed.
taken lor Fire and Marine
Risks Agents" Balances 64.ZZO M
Due from other Companies for re- _
lr.surar.ee on lcsses already paid "5-^ jt
Becurltles cf Pension fund 11. .1.9 00
Total A*«t. <12.felS.128 18
LIAErLITTES.
Lowe* adjusted and unpaid. ...¦
%SS£ r:. . A f *:: a^ *™.<>» oo
Lo«s«s resisted. Including ex-
Gr? £ ""ren!urnt"cn Fire Rleks
XSn^^^r^t" . :.: S30.05. 61
Gross Dremlums on Fire Risks
rur.r.irx tncre than one year.
S • reinsurance pro rata
Gross premiums on Marine acd ,
Inland Navigation Risks. J... ,-.---
reinsurance 100 per cer.t ... U« 39
Gross premiums on Marine Jin*
Risks. $•-: reinsurance 50 per
CaTh^vidend^remain.nc unpaJd. SO OO
;>enEionfu«d ' MM
Htllef fund • M
Totai Liab'llIUe. "H™*? ° 7
INCOME. "
Net cash actually received for
F--e cremlums V*i" • 1 - B8S - 1 * 8 **
>•«" cash actually received for
-¦'¦ ¦¦'"¦'» »
Total iacoae JXG39A39 07
EXPEN'DrrCRES.
*$"& ".ate. National . and
ToTal'^-- ;¦ "^rSe 97
n >w • • .."•< S47 ' SS4 W <n>830 30
jet msnaarx of Rlak»
written durias »»« $1,03.963.697 J2.WX733 61
-e?£n<^i" <***"*£:
expired durlns tne 6D9626016 2,C37.B36e«
:^"^y>jg 719.001.303 LS7S.137 83
—— — Mar. Rlska. ( Premiums.
Ket amount of Risks
written ||2,75S.SS4 £39.076 Si
¦Net amount of Kick*
expired during the <5 Ola
year •• "" •«»» x ~'
¦ ' ERNST LrANGE. 6ec'y.
CARL RCHUMANX. B«Cy
numbed. n^.worn »***•&**?£
Cay of Consul at Weimax.
m\m COAST DEPARTMEHT.
VOSS, CONRAD & CO.,
General Agents,
O04-208 Sansome Street,
*" 6AN FRANCISCO.
W Caffl $1-00 »I«
NEW STYLE GARMENTS
AUTUHN 1903^
..Tailor Suits, Coats, Purs..
effects 11 .^ 1 " l . h » week some o f the handsomest and most pleasing
\f r n thls . clt^ St - V le. Fit and Finish are the essential
AS USUAL GarmcnL Our assortment is larger than ever and
Prices Lower
Than Anywhere
TAILOR SUITS in style of Louis
ffi^a^gj^ XIV, Cutaway and New Norfolk.
KfifffT^4/f^^i Most fashionable materials such as
fc^fJ^Srs^Sv^&^k Zibelir.e, fancy tweeds. Venetian?,
£ : ' J pfJ?^2r k^v blind cheviots and broadcloth, at the
/SK&flS'a \i8s5k. vcr y moderate prices of
/g&^llglgjL E£@k % 912.50, 1?1S, .^17.50, ?20.
HIGH NOVELTY TAILOR DRESS-
* i^^^^^^S k P er^ ect copies of imported gar-
l^f^JrgrSa ** ments, only <o much lower in price.
|^%3|§PP At ? 23 . ? 30 . J ? ;jr ». 942.50.
]gi||||| NEW STYLE COATS, new Monte
g52r~H|j5S Carlos, new style English top coats,
gS33S±*g|. new style box coats, perfect tailor-
jg||||i|gi ing, at ...$1O, 912.50, 915, 920.
J|§g||||||fck HANDSOME SILK COATS at
915, 91S.5O, ?20, 925.
MISSES' and CHILDREN'S COATS,
3^^ elegant styles, in shades of tan, blue,
7|jp^ cardinal and black.. .?3.5O to $20.
FUR JACKETS, reliable quality at 925, 937.50. 945, $52.50.
FUR CAPES, choice quality electric seal at 9*O. £15, $2O.
FUR STOLES 95 to 935.
STORE CLOSED MONDAY, LABOR DAY.
1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET,
' AMUSEMENTS. ' _'_'__
The Circus Begins O DAYS Show-Brounds
Arrives T ,r« "- >C Sept. 7 to MTII . ...„„.-
to-day To-Morrow vl sept. 14 inclusive IITH and MARKET
¦ '^sL-^> W>?^VVa ONLY RHINOCEROS 1/ 0 Boo"^ d""*** 0^ J Q CAPTIVnY
IN CAPTIVITY. \«5r^«A^«'^«»«^»s»«*«T-^s^
THE BIGGEST SHOW OM EARTH -fpTOIf^'A I |?M-^«--""S rSSlJrf.teSiSSL.
TOWMICHI.1NOWAODEOWITMOUTANVAC). B|S KLPa lllhSM&lUlYl . „„ Otm.9. 6OMU»ICI*N». KH) CHOOU3 "»•«•
Dinar* in *»ricb. me svdumb spcctaclq SOtA JBL^^^rwM~"mJ^B^^m. t jm sinocks. ea-»TOP.»ipe oiman^. aoco ccmtuuc*.
1 85 M?GARsl40iJirrLEP^TS
)( JT&ffiy\ /^ ERY. WARDROBES. AR-
>)// /Ml- J) — Aff MORS. WAR IMPLE- 1MAA nf/^m f"" I #"^k #"* WILO*^^ « y^ tmm a
l/ttST srzzswz 1280 PEOPLE 108 *»¦: CAGES
flrT V*§te£i\l * NEWLY ADDED AND < , ¦ ' '»
¥m Salem 65 ° horses «S CLOWNS-
ifW cr"u§ t ad1s1$3,700,000CAP1TAl|$7 i 4OO M
.3 LONG {i!Mw{?Wr : &<fif?5& HBWri A PARADE
MILES \Jt^j/Jv^i/P^\T/^r^f I BllSll/ I 5UCH ASTHE
0F NEW ts^^^B^^^CS; A TO@L/ WORLD HAS NEVER
AND COSTLY actinq_SEALsJ^ SEEN Q^FORil
PARADE GLORIES FREE UPON THE STREETS TUESDAY" MORNING AT 9 O'CLOCK
TWO PERFORMANCES DAXX.Y AT 2 AND 8 P. M. BOOKS OFEH AT 1 AND 7 F. M.
ONE 50-CEHT TICKET ADMITS TO EVERYTHING. CHILDErU UITDEK. 12. EA1P FSTCX.
Parade leaves Orovmd«, Eleventh and Market, at 9 Admission tickets and actually numbered reserved
a. m. Tuesday. PAEADE EOUTE — Starting: from stow scatf on sale for entire engagement at Sherman, Clay
grounds TUESDAY morning- at 9 o'clock, to Howard, & Cu.'s, Kearny and Sutter streets, at the same prices
to Second, to Market, to Montgomery, to California, to ns charged at regular ticket wagons on the show
Kearny, to Market, to Eleventh and grounds. grounds.
. 'There will be no parade Monday on account of the First performance MONDAY AFTERNOON AT 2
Labor Day parade. O'CLOCK.ABERDEEN— Arrived Sept 6— Schr Robert
I Hind, hence Aug 20.
Sailed Bern. 5— Stmr Centralia. for San Pe-
Iro; schr Cecelia Sudden, for San Pedro.
DOMESTIC PORT
Late Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, September 5
Stmr Argo, Dunham, 25 hours from Eel
River.
OUTSIDE. BOUND IN, 12 MIDNIGHT.
Bktn Arago, from Columbia River.
The United States Civil Service Commis
sion announces an' examination on pcto
ber 1 to secure eligibles from which to
make certification to fill a vacancy in
the position of elevator conductor In the
Custom-house building at San Francisco
at $600 »er annum. Age limit 21 to 50
years. Persons who desire to compete
should apply to the United States Civil
Service Commission, Washington, D. C,
for application form 1052, which should
be properly executed and filed with the
commission at Washington prior to the
hour of closing business on October 1, 1903.
Elevator Conductor Wanted.
Democrats Open Campaign.
WINCHESTER, Ky., Sept. 5.— About
8000 people attended the opening of the
Democratic State campaign here to-day.
Governor Beckham held an informal re
ception during the afternoon. About 1000
gallons of burgoo (porridge) had been
served when the % speaking began, shortly
after noon. Governor Beckham spoke for
an hour and twenty minutes, and was
followed by Senators Blackburn and Mc-
Creary. On account of rain the speaking
was then adjourned to the opera-house,
where Colonel Harry Welsslnger and
Congressman OIlie James spoke.
Mackay's Gift Acknowledged.
NEW YORK, Sept. 5.— Clarence H.
Mackay, who received as a wedding pres
ent the $2,000,000 estate on Harbor Hills,
Long Island, from his father, has been
made a member of the Roslyn Fire De
partment In recognition of his gift, a
steamer, hose carriage and hose, to the
Roslyn department. His gift was prompt
ed by the destruction of the picturesque
country home of William Cullen Bryant.
SALT LAKE, Sept. 5.— Albert Oliver. IT
> ears of age. was killed this morning near
Ccttonwood Canyon while returning from a
hunting triD with som« - companions. Oliver
started to get out of the waxon to shoot at
a rabbit and dragged his rlne after him. The
trigger caught on th« «eat and the bullet
entered his head. \ .
The address before the mass-meeting
of men at the Young Men's Christian
Association, Mason and Ellis streets, this
afternoon at 3 o'clock will be In the form
of a chalk talk, and will be given by
Rev. E. D. Allen of Tennessee. • Music
will be furnished by C. E. Robeson, vio
linist, and Mr. Elliott, harpist and bary
tone, j'
Denis O'Sulllvan will sing Mozart's
"Salutaris" for the offertory at St. Domi
nic's Church this morning.
Rev. Father Hopper will preach at high
mass In the Paulist Church this morning.
In the evening Rev. Father Carey will
deliver the sermon at vespers.
Rev. E. A. Ross, evangelist, will preach
at 49 Third street at 2:30 v. m. and at Pine
and Kearny streets at 8 p. m. Services at the
latter place continue for two weeks at the
same hour.
Simpson Memorial Methodist Episcopal —
Morning, "Force of Character"; evening, "The
New San Francisco and the Force That Will
Create It." Pastor, Rev. John Stephens.
First Methodist Episcopal— Morning. "This
Is My Commandment"; evening, "The Finality
of Character." Pastor, Rev. Frank K. Baker.
First English Lutheran— Morning, "The Man
of One Idea": evening. "Thursday of the Cre
ative Wt*k." Pastor. Rev. E. Nelander.
Rev. A. C. Gaebelln of the Jewish Mission
In New York City, editor and publisher of
Our Hope, will speak at the Y. M. C. A. Mon
day evening at s o'clock and Tuesday after
noon at 3 o'clock.
First United Presbyterian — Morning, "Not
Debtor to the Flesh"; evening:, "Business and
Religion." Pastor. Rev. H. H. Bell.
Second Unitarian — Morning, "What the
World Owes the Catholics"; evening, no ser
vices. Pastor. Rev. Jay William Hudson.
Grace Methodist Episcopal — Evening, "The
Dying of Death." Pastor, Rev. F. M. Lar
kln.
First Congregational — Horning. "They That
Trust in the Lord"; evenine, "The Head of
All Principality and Power." Pastor. Rev.
George C. Adams.
Third Congregational — Morning, "The Stone
of Memorial of God's Help"; evening, "Every
man." Pastor, Rev. William Rader.
First Unitarian— Morning. "The Higher In
centive." Pafitor, Rev. Bradford Leavitt.
Services at the churches this day are
as follows:
"Everyman" Will Be the Evening
. Subject at the Third Congre
gational Church.
PASTORS SELECT TOPICS
FOR THEIR DISCOURSES
SAN JOSE, Sept. 5.— Leon Carteri.
the well-known capitalist of this city,
died to-day. On July'30 while out rid
ing his horse became frightened and ran
away. The rig was overturned and Car
teri was run over and dragged some dis
tance. Since that date he had been al
most unconscious and his death has not
been unexpected.
He was a native of France and 70
years of age. He was a pioneer of Cali
fornia. For many years he lived in
Santa Barbara County, where he had
large farming and cattle interests.
Three years ago he removed to San Jose.
A wife and a number of children sur
vive him. among the latter being Mrs.
Charles W. Coe. wife of the well-known
cattleman of this city.
Leon Carteri of San Jose, Who Re
cently Was Injured, Passes
DEATH FOLLOWS MISHAP
TO PROMINENT CAPITALIST
Ohio Giant Is Dead.
CINCINNATI. Ohio, Sept. 5.— "Big Joe"
Grim, said to have been the largest man
in the world, is dead at the home ot his
parents here as the result of a peculiar
accident. While riding In a cab his great
weight broke through the bottom and one
of his legs was gashed, the wound refus
ing to heal. Grim weighed S54 pounds and
was 34 years of age. He was six feet
four Inches in height and his body and
limbs were of ponderous proportions.
Pioneer Mine Owner Drops Dead.
DUTCH FLAT. Sept. 5.— Edward Ford,
a pioneer mining man, dropped dead at
hjs home at Euchre Bar on the North
Fork of the American River, near here,
thin afternoon. He had resided there for
forty years and was highly respected. He
was the owner of the Southern Cross
quartz mine.
Wright Defaults to Fisher.
NIAGARA-ON-THE-LAKE, Ont., Sept.
5.— The Niagara International Tourna
ment was concluded here 10-day. E. P
Fisher of New York won the champion
ship singles from Beals Wright of Bos
ton bv default.
Will I*ay Cornerstone.
ALAMEDA. Sept. 5.— At 4 o'clock to
morrow afternoon the cornerstone of the
new church" for~the~Flrst"~Presbyterlan
congregation, now In course of construc
tion on Santa Clara avenue, near Chest
nut street, will be laid. The Rev. Henry
C. Minton of New Jersey, who Is visiting
on the Pacific Coast, will deliver the ad
dress. Selections will be sung by a choir
and old-time hymns by the choir and the
assemblage.
Policemen Want a Raise.
ALAMEDA, Sept 5.— City Marshal John
Conrad will recommend In his estlmat© of
the funds required to run his department
for the next fiscal year that the salaries
of the fifteen policemen be Increased from
$80 to $00 a month. The demand was made
once before and refused by the City Trus
tees.
Death of Real Estate Broker.
OAKLAND, Sept. 5.— Madison S. Dew-
Ing, a real estate broker, died yesterday
at his residence. 5201 Shattuck avenue,
from spinal trouble. The funeral will be
held to-morrow afternoon from the fam
ily residance.
SPRINGFIELD. Mo.. Sept." &.— Mrs. Anna
Bellew, aged 33 years, to-day shot and killed
her 18-year-old stepdaughter and tht»n herself.
She left a note, saying that the family into
¦which she had married had wrecked her life
and giving directions for her burial. The
woman's husband. Thomas Bellew, Is an em
ploye in the icehouse of the Frisco Railroad
system here.
BUDAPEST. Sept. 5.— Dr. Ladlshlas dn
Lukaca to-day declined the task of forming *
new Cabinet.
TOPEKA, Kans., Sept. 6.— It wa3 an
nounced at the Santa Fe general offices
here to-day that the Santa Fe shopmen
at La Junta had again gone out on a
strike. This time they made a demand
that the company reinstate a union man
who had been discharged, and when this
was refused they walked out. «It is prob
able that General Manager Mudge will go
to La Junta In a few days to make an
effort to settle the trouble.
Santa Fe Shopmen on Strike.
LAWRENCE. Kans.. Sept. 5.— The Uni
versity of Kansas will be equipped with
a chair of journalism when it opens this
fall, according to a statement issued to
day by Chancellor Frank Strong. In ad
dition to teaching the various branches
of Journalistic work lectures will be given
by newspaper editors and managers.
Chair of Journalism.
NEW YORK. Sept. 5.— The final nes
slon of the Fraternal Order of Eagles was
held to-day. Baltimore was selected as
the place for the next convention.
Eagles to Meet in Baltimore.
SYRACUSE. N. Y.. Sept. 5.-J. C. Kellar
was re-elected president of the National
Association of Letter Carriers to-day de
feating John D. Holland of Boston by
a vote of CS3 to «8L The other officers
elected arc-: J. C. Bunton of Hoboken N
J.. vice president; Edward J. Cant well of
Brooklyn, secretary; Oeorge \V. Butter-
Tiold. Kay City. Mich., treasurer; John
Hinewadel. Syracuse: C. B. Ingalls of Os-
T\'f gO> 5 E ! M - T - Finn of Bloomington,
111., and G. W. Davidson of St. Louis
executive committee. Portland. Ore., was
selected for the next convention.
President of Letter-Carriers.
HONOLULU, Sept. 5.— The British bark
Juteopolls. 129 days from Hollo, arrived
here to-day in need of provisions. She
was becalmed for two months In the Car
olines. She carries a cargo of sugar and
Is bound for Delaware Breakwater.
Overdue Bark Reaches Honolulu.
SAN JOSE. Sept. 5.— All the tribes
Joined this evening Jn presenting a pro
gramme at the powwow of the Woman's
Club. There was an increased attend
ance and all enjoyed themselves. This
afternoon there was a children's mati
nee. Stereopticon views of Indian life
were shown from the stage to-night and
the Wah-Wah Taysee drill team of the
Red Men gave an exhibition drill. A
general powwow of the tribes followed.
In which the real live Indians from Ne
vada took a prominent part. There
were war dances, songs mid games. Sales
and raffles were held and a general Jolli
fication wound up the evening. The so
ciety women who for the past three
days have been impersonating Indians
are so well satisfied with their success
that they will probably continue the
powwow for Labor day and Admission
day. Over $1000 has been raised for
the fund for the erection of a club
house.
Society Women Have Already Raised
SIOOO for Their Club
house Fund.
TRIBES ittAKE MERRY
AT SAN JOSE POWWOW
'DENVER, Sept. 5.— The special Grand
Jury made Its final report to the court
this afternoon. In addition to Indicting
Thomas J. Maloney on the charge of bri
bery In connection with a contract for
transcribing county records the Grand
Jury Indicted City and County Clerk Ju
lius Aichele on the charge cf receiving
a bribe. Eighteen members of the Srael
termen's Union were indicted on a charge
of riot in connection with the institu
tion of the strike at the Globe and Grant
smelters, but only two of them have been
found.
Denver Officials Indicted.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 5.— The War De
partment has published a decision of the
Treasurer in which he holds that any por
tion of the organized militia that shall
engage In actual field or camp service
for instruction, and the organized militia
of any State or Territory that shall par
ticipate in any encampment, maneuvers
and field instruction of any part of the
regular army at or near any post or
camp on lake or sea coast defenses of the
United States, are entitled to pay, sub
sistence and transportation allowances
for the entire period from the time when
such militia start from their home ren
dezvous to the time of their return to
their home rendezvous.
Militia Entitled to Pay.
Army order— Captain Albert E. Tracy,
assistant surgeon, from West Point, N.
Y., to Alcatraz Island, Cal.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 5.— Fourth-claaa
postmasters appointed: California— C. R.
Renno, Tamarack, Alpine County, vico
Pliny C. Huntington. resigned. Washing
ton—Edward Barker. Urban. Skagit Coun
ty, vice L. H. Gorbe. removed.
Of Interest to Pacific Coast.
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. Sept. 5.— Albert
Andrews, an employe of the Wells-Fargo
Express Company, is under arrest In this
city charged with having systematically
Ftolen packages from the company dur
ing the past two years. Andrews, the po
lice say, has confessed to forty robberies,
including diamonds, watches and other
articles of value, the total of which
amounts to many thousands of dollars.
He stated that there are other Wells-
Fargo employes implicated with him.
Andrews is T4 years of age and his wife
is IS. They were married a month ago.
and the wife's family is prominent in
Wichita.
Two Years.
Confesses to Systematic Robbery Ex
tending Over a Period of
WEIXS-FARGO EMPLOYE
STEALS MANY PACKAGES
The composers who will be represented
on the programme are Johann Strauss,
Waldteufel, Gounod, Mendelsshon, . Vic
tor Herbert. Ambroise, Thomas and Rich
ard Wagner. This is surely an array of
illustrious names and, as may easily be
seen, there is something for everybody.
The music student may revel In the bril
liant thoughts of his great masters, Men
delsshon and Wagner, while the musical
layman may delight his ears with the
pretty strains of Strauss. 'Waldteufel
and Victor Herbert. Fritz Scheel, thanks
to his vivacity an.d energtlc spirit, is able
to get the best out of all these works and
the concerts will be worth miles to go to
and hear. To enable every one to attend
these concerts the management has fixed
the prices very low. Seats are now on
sale at Sherman, Clay & Co. 'a and will
be sold at Mechanics' Pavilion on the
day of the concerts.
The fourth regular symphony concert
will take place at the Grand Opera-house
next Tuesday afternoon. The programme
will be even more interesting than here
tofore. Tickets for this concert may also
be obtained at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s.
There was hardly ever a programme
presented in this city so varied in char
acter and yet so choice in artistic qual
ity as those to be given at the two pop
ular concerts under the direction of Fritz
Scheel at the Mechanics' Pavilion next
Monday and Wednesday afternoons. The
desire to listen to good music is present
in the heart of every man, woman and
child who has the least bit of sentiment
in his or her composition and If a man
is able to play on these sentiments as
if they were ever so many keys of a great
Instrument it Is Scheel. who has the taste
of the public at his finger ends. There
fore it is not unlikely that the pavilion
will be crowded on these occasions with
a happy crowd, who will forget for the
time being the troubles and tribulations
of every day life.
POPULAR SCHEEL CONCERTS
AT MECHANICS' PAVILION
Great Composers Will Ba Repre
sented in Programme and the
Prices Will Be Low.
SACRAMENTO. S*>pt. o.-Governor Par
dee has appointed the following directors
of the Los Angeles agricultural district:
J. T. Jones, J. II. Reynolds. George R
Murdocks and II. M. Dobbins. Thes^
gentlemen will take the places of others
whose terms have expired. The Governor
appointed as Supervisor for Mendocino
County A. J. Fairbanks, vice Thomas G.
Long, deceased. .
Appointments by the Governor.
NEW YORK, Sept. 5.— If society fol
lows the decision of the dancing masters
fashionable dances of the coming season
will be the old-fashioned three-step waltz
and the five-step schottische. So deter
mined the American Society of Profes
sors of Dancing, whose convention ' has
Just finished' its work and adjourned. It
was decided to recommend the use of
nine new dances for class work. Secre
tary Carpenter said he did not believe
that the two-steD' could be forced from
the dance programmes, but the Intention
Is to keep it in its proper place and not
have it usurp the waltz time and favor.
In Convention They Decide to Insist
Upon Old-Fashioned Waltz
and Schottische.
DANCING MASTERS DO
NOT LIKE THE TWO-STEP
When the vessel was struck a large col
umn of water enveloped her. She rolled
heavily and then settled down with a list
to pert. The Belle Isle will be raised for
further experiments. It is said that the
damage to the ship's bottom is extensive.
PORTSMOUTH. England, Sept. 5.— The
old battleship Belle Isle was torpedoed
here yesterday and sank at her moorings.
For the purpose of the experiment a sec
tion had been constructed on the port
side of the Belle Isle, representinc the
side of a modern battleship. This was
filled with an American invention which
it was claimed would prevent a ship from
sinking when the hull is penetrated be
low the water line.
BATTLESHIP IS SUNK
TO TEST AN INVENTION
Old British Fighting Craft Torpe
doed at Her Moorings
at Portsmouth.
Victor was for three years a Super
visor in this district and has been asso
ciated with the public life of the city for
some time. He was formerly division
superintendent with the Santa Fe on the
Southern California lines and for three
years was a director In that company.
Last June the two stopped speaking,
and, although they have sat side by side
at the table and cared for their chil
dren, not a word has since passed be
tween them. The husband made no at
tempt to resist the wife's action in the
courts other than to file a seneral pro
test denying the allegation made in the
complaint.
SAN BERNARDINO, Sept. 5.— Mrs.
Elizabeth M. Victor, wife of J. N. Vic
tor, was granted a divorce In the courts
to-day on the ground of extreme cruelty.
Testimony given by the wife and son
showed that since 1898 the plaintiff has
been subject to Inhuman treatment at
the hands of the husband. They had
been married twenty-nine years and up
to a few days ago lived together in the
same house.
Wife of Prominent San Bernardino
Resident Gets Decree for
Cruelty.
DIVORCE DIVIDES THEM
AFTER TWENTY-NINE YEARS
"It Is in the first place our duty to
respect the memorv. ideas and creations
of Wagner, and for this reason I consider
the production of 'Parsifal' In America
as being something; absolutely unjustified
and as lacking in veneration. In Munich
it has been seen how the world, and
especially America, united in honoring
Wagner."
The Prince compares the Wagner pro
ductions at Bayreuth and Munich and
says he believes that Munich equaled
Bayreuth.
Prince Ludwig Ferdinand is a violinist
in the orchestra of the Prinz Regent
Theater at Munich. He will not attend
the Berlin Wagner celebration because
the Wagner family, as well as the Prince
Regent, disapproves of It.
BERLIN, Sept. 5.— Prince Ludwig Fer
dinand of Bavaria, the musician, doctor
and nephew- of the regent of Bavaria, in
an interview published to-day regarding
the Wagner celebration In Berlin on Octo
ber 1, Is quoted as saying;
OBJECTS TO "PARSIFAL"
IN THEr-UNITED STATES
Bavarian Prince Says the Production
Is Lacking in Veneration
of Wagner.
Besides being an expert horsewoman
Miss Howe is an accomplished pianist,
and contributed several numbers to the
programme last evening. Miss Alice Brit
ton also played and vocal selections were
rendered by Miss Grace Thomas, Miss
Claire Degan, Dr. Jv llaru Wadleigh and
Clarence Oliver.
Miss Chamberltn was assisted In re
ceiving by- Miss Howe, Mrs. Felix Ga
lindo and Mrs. George Ryno. The hostess
was gowned In black crepe de chine, de
collette. Miss Howe wore white crepe de
chine, and Mrs. Galindo was also In white,
her gown being of panne satin and lace.
Mrs. Ryno w--e a blue foulard.
Among the guests were Mr. and Mrs.
G. C. Ryno, Mr. and Mrs. K. B. Galindo,
Mr. and Mrs. Harry Chamberlin Jr.. Mr.
and Mrs. Alfred Chamber!ln t Miss Claire
Degan, Miss Degan, Miss Bertha Helnze,
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Chamberlin Sr., Mrs.
Ferdinand Westdahl, Misses Florence and
Alice Brltton, Miss Louise Earle, Miss
Edna Pohlman. ..ilss Willa Sill, Miss
Grace Thomas, Harry Anderson, Jack
Reed i Alex Chamberlin, Clarence Oliver,
Walter Kellogg, Lloyd Chamberlin, Ed
ward Smith and Dr. M. Wadleigh.
Miss Howe will leave for her Eastern
home on Monday.
land for the last five months and
was the guest of honor last evenine at
a farewell reception and musicale given
by her cousin, Miss Emelle Chamberlin.
Miss Howe is an expert with the rib
bons and In the saddle and has carried
off several trophies offered by a riding
club of which tfhe Is a prominent mem
ber. In the game of Jue de barre. which
is played on horseback and which re
quires such rough and difficult riding that
it has been excluded from the club. Miss
Howe won the firize three times.
OAKLAND, Sept. 5.— One of New
York's most expert young horse
women, Miss Idah Lloyd Howe,
has been visiting relatives In Oak-
SAX RAFAEL. Sept. 5. — Francis H.
McGrath has been held to answer to the
Superior Court for manslaughter In Sau
salito. The preliminary hearing this
morning developed that In the alterca
tion with A. E. Gilligan on Supday. Au
gust 16. McGrath struck his opponent
twice. Gilligan fell and fractured hi3
skull, dying a few days later.
Gilligan was poundmaster of Sausa
lito and McGrath is an expressman. Th«
trouble was over a dog. McGrath left
town soon after the affair, but later re
turned and surrendered. He was held
to-night under $3300 bail.
McGBATH MUST ANSWER
FOB DEATH OF GLLLIGAN
Expert Young Horsewoman
of New York Entertained
In Oakland.
MARSHALLTOWN. Iowa, Sept. 5.—
John Seepo of the Indian police of the
Iowa Sac and Fox reservation at Tainan
was murdered, and Frank Earle of Wln
nc-bago, visiting there, was arrested to
day charged with the crime. Jealousy
on account of Cam-Oh-Pap-Ha, an 1S
ypar-old squaw, is the supposed cause.
The body was recovered shortly before
nqgn in the Iowa River, where it had been
thrbwn. There was a bullet through the
head and the throat was cut. Seepo was
missed yesterday and the 'girl says she
saw Earle throw the body into the river.
The girl is also in custody, but disclaims
any complicity.
Comely Squaw Says She Saw Frank
Earle Throw Seepo's Body
Into River.
INDIAN IS MT7BDEBED
BY HIS WHITE BIVAL
CLEVER YOUNG GOTHAMITE
WHO WAS GIVEN A FARE
WELL DINNEB.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, Sept. 5.
A fearful father arrived at the County
Clerk's office this morning just in time
to niD in the bud the marriage of his
16-year-old daughter. Re visited the of
fice to Inform the Clerk that Cornelius
R. Sweeney would in all probability ap
ply to him for a license to marry Frances
C. Otis, and that she was but 16 years
of age, and that he, as her father, ob
jected to the marriage.
Otis pere had hardly left when young
Sweeney arrived on the scene all uncon
scious of what was awaiting him. He
asked for a marriage license and the
Clerk wrote his name in the book, then
he gave his prospective bride's name and
her age as IS and past. Clerk Henley
spoke up and said: "Why, her father
was in here Just now and said that she
was but sixteen.*"
The young man was sorrowful, but said
that he would come back in the after
noon with the written consent of the girl's
mother. Young Sweeney said:
"It's only the father who is making all
the trouble. He stopped us at San Fran
cisco, anct San Rafael, and now, here. I
have to so to Los Angeles and we must
be married so that we can go together.
You leave the page as it is and I will
come back."
The Clerk Is still waiting, for Sweeney
failed to keep his promise.
The argument necessitated a review of
all the proceedings In the case and the
filing of the papers and orders made by
the court. An error In the proceedings
was unearthed and admitted by Judge
Ogden, but the time for its correction, he
held, had gone by. Delmas occupied most
of the day.
Apparently the matter was in the bal
ance up to the final rendering of the de
cision by the court and attracted the at
tention of the legal fraternity about the
Courthouse. Judge Ogden's decision in
effect was that, although a judgment had
been rendered, it was not a judgment on
the merits of the case, and that while
such a judgment should not have been
rendered, it having been given at the re
quest of the plaintiff in the case, without
prejudice, she was now entitled to begin
her action anew and have its merits
passed upon.
A former suit commenced in the case
had been dismissed without prejudice
after a demurrer with leave to amend
had been sustained. That was in a nut
'Bhell the basis of to-day's arguments. |
After a battle royal to-day between At
torneys D. M. Delmas and A. A. Moore
In an argument lasting all day, Delmas
won his right to maintain the suit of Ger
trude Johnson against the Southern Pa
cific Company for $25,000 damages, which
she alleges she sustained by being thrown
from the step of a car at Nlles by its
moving forward without warning.
The case has been "on for several days
and the evidence for the girl has been
presented to the jury. The railroad be
gan its defense this morning and Attorney
Moore started -what would have been a
fatal blow to his adversary had his con
tention been upheld. He moved to have
the case dismissed upon the ground that
a Judgment had already been rendered
and that the plaintiff was barred from
further action.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118^Broadway, Sept. 5.
Despite the fact that the earth was
gravelly and very loose, ; no braces of
limber h.id been placed against the em
bankment and an additional element of
Uanger was created by tiie fact that the
top of the bank was used as a dumping
p'.ace for bricks. The workmen thus were
tixtecn feet below the tor> of the bank in
a hole that was like a. huge grave without
means of exit more than by a ladder.
About 3 o'clock this afternoon a wagon
load of brick was dumped at the very
rdge ct the bank and this caused a sec
tion of it to fall off and completely fill
the trench, burying the men under nearly
ten feet of earth. Bunch was leaving the
liole at the tim*? and thus escaped the
fate of his fellow laborers.
Within a minute after the accident
scores of men summoned from other
parts of the work, were digging away
the fallen earth in the effort to rescue
the men. Jcssoy's body was reached in
half an hour and a faint beating of the
heart was detected. A physician was at
hand and administered a. ftimulant, but
•while he was working with him the man
«3ied. Two hours' work was required to
reach the bodies of the other two men.
Thf-y were found one above the other.
The Coroner ordered a rig-id investiga
tion into the absence of braces.
The men were working in made ground
and had excavated the entire lot to the
level of the sidewalk, leaving an eight
foot embankment on the north side of the
cleared portion. Along the edge of this
a trerich three feet wide and thirty feet
long had been dug to a depth of eight
feet, it being necessary to go through the
made ground in order to secure a firm
resting place for the foundations.
LOS AN'GELES. Sept. 5.— By the caving
of a sixteen-foot embankment which tow
ered over an excavation being made for
the foundations of a new hotel at Sixth
and San Joasuin streets and against
which the contractor had failed to place
supports, three lives were crushed out this
afternoon and a fourth man narrowly es
caped a similar fate. All of the victims
were laborers. The d»ad are:
MIKE JESSEY. aged 42: unmarried;
lower portion of body crushed.
JOHN CRANSE. aged 2S; unmarried;
neck broken and ribs crushed.
. SABIN, aged 40; Mexican; suffo
cated.
The only man who escaped from the
trench in which the men were working Is
John Bunch (colored). He paw the em
bankment falling in on him and his com
panions and sprang toward the top, but
too late to escape all of it. His body was
covered, but his head etuck out. He was
quickly rescued, but was severely injured
about the lower portion of the body and
the legs.
f iwel&l Dispatch to The Call.
In this city Henry Phlpps has de
clared that he will not turn another
stone except where operations have al
ready been started. The delay in the
extensive improvements contemplated
by H. C. Frick has been stated to be
due entirely to the unreliable state of
the labor field and a similar condition is
said to exist with the II. W. Oliver im
provements, not already begun.
Information given out shows that in
New York alone there is at least $60.
000,000 of new building for 1904 involved
in the general plan of withdrawal. In
Chicago, where the labor troubles have
been continuous for months, it is said
that more than $70,000,000 of new work
has been abandoned.
It Is also said by the same authority
that so far as known there will be noth
ing in the shape of new work undertaken
the coming year and when the present'
contracts are completed a period of wait
ing will ensue. It will be a waiting for
the general labor situation to settle down
and th« end of the factional wars and
strikes that have almost destroyed con
fidence In buildine. The same informa
tion is that the Pennsylvania Railroad,
which now has enough improvements un
der way and contemplated at least as
much more, or $50,000,000 during 1904, has
decided to withdraw all of these plans
and do nothing further with them until
there is a more placid condition of the la
bor market.
PITTSBURG, Pa., Sept. 5.— The Post
to-morrow will 6ay: According to well
matured plans, not only of the great rail
road corporations of the country, but of
•the larger investors of capital in building
operations, there is likely to be a general
cessation of building operations during
1904, which will make that year memor
able to the trades interested. The state
ment of one of the largest contracting
concerns in the country connected with
railroad construction work is the basis
for the assertion that at least JISO.OOO.OOO
worth of building operations proposed for
1S04 have actually been called off and
plans have been recalled from architects
and engineers.
After the Mayor had requested that all
of the protests made in Oakland be in
corporated as originally filed, the session
adjourned. The Harbor Board, it is be
lieved from the trend of the engineers'
remarks to-day, will pive favorable re
port on the company's petition to the
Secretary of War when the documents
are forwarded to that official. It is
thought that the 500-foot channel instead
of the 200-foot Inlet will be recommended.
A. D. Shephard, for the Oakland Water
Front Company, opposed the filling at the
estuary arm, but wanted to know wheth
er the Mayor would agree to a compro
mise with the railroad people by which a
channel BOO feet wide should be left.
Mayor Olney replied that he stood op
posed to any reduction of the width at
all.
J. H. Wallace, engineer of the main
tenance and way department of the
Southern Pacific Company, said # his com
pany would erect drawbridges across the
channel if the fill were made.
The Mayor said the reduction of the
width of the tide channel *is proposed by
the building of the embankments at the
trestles would cause a rapid shoaling In
the East Oakland basin, east of the
drawbridges, and would retard harbor
improvements. He was unalterably op
posed to any proposition that would mean
injury to any of the city's holdings along
the north arm.
Mayor Warren Olney made a strong
protest to-day before the United States
Board of Harbor Line Engineers against
the granting of the Southern Pacific Com
pany's application to fill all but 2C0 feet
of its First and Seventh street railroad
trestles across the north arm of the estu
ary. His Honor declared that to change
the pierhead and bulkhead lines as con
templated would encroach upon the 1600
feet of frontage along the north arm,
would impair the tidal flow into Lake
Merritt and would be a taking of mu
nicipal property. He strongly objected to
the proposed embankments on each side
of the estuary, which he claimed would
be permanent obstructions.
Colonel H. H. Heuer, a member of the
board, contended that the north arm of
the estuary should not have been Includ
ed in the harbor boundaries. This remark
raised the Mayor's ire and he vigorously
combated it. N .
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Sept. 5.
While nothing definite was decided upon
the merchants and lawyers made prepa
rations to sue out an injunction if th«»
City Trustees moved to grant the fran
chises without heeding the application
signed by nearly 700 voters asking that
the«reierendum be resorted to before de
cisive action Is taken.
Since the Southern Pacific Company,
through General Manager Julius Krutt
schnitt, refused yesterday to accept the
franchises on the twenty-five-year terms
offered by the municipal legislators, there
Is an Inclination on the part of three
members of the Board of City Trustees-
President J. F. Forderer, . B. E. Combs
and C. J. Hammond— to submit the mat
ter of the disposition of the franchises to
the voters. The ordinances granting the
Southern Pacific the franchises for twen
ty-five years will come up for th© second
reading 1 at the meeting of the City Trus
tees Tuesday night, but In view of the
stand taken by the corporation It is not
likely that any decisive action will be
taken.
ALAMEDA. Sept. 5.-Members of the.
Board of 'Trade held a conference with
Attorneys Green Majors and T. K. Kase
at the office of the latter in San Fra»
Cisco this afternoon, at which the mat
ter of enjoining the City Trustees from
granting the two local railroad franchises
to the Southern Pacific for long terms or
•without monetary consideration -without
first having the voters of Alamefla pass
on the question was discussed.
The legal worth of the local referendum
ordinance was gone Into and the opinion
of City Attorney M. W. Simpson that it
had no lawful foundation and could not
legally be invoked at this time was con
sidered.
Opposes Railroad's Plans to
Cut Down Channel to
Lake Merritt.
Insecure Embankment Falls
Into a Grave-Like <
Trench.
Cornelius Sweeney Refused
License as Intended Is
Too Young.
General Movement Due to
Unsettled Labor Condi
tions in East.
Want Franchises Submitted
to Vote at a Special
Election.
Delmas and Moore Engage in
Battle of Argument Be
fore Court.
Three Men Are Crushed
to Death in Los
Angeles.
Granted Leave to Main
tain Suit Against
Railroad.
Father Reaches County
Clerk's Office in
Advance.
Makes Objections Before
the States
Engineers.
Alamedans May Proceed
to Enjoin the City
Trustees.
Great Corporations to
Abandon Proposed
Improvements.
CAVING EARTH
KILLS LABORERS
MAYOR STANDS
FOR THE CITY
BUILDING PLANS
ARE CALLED OFF
ELOPING COUPLE
ARE TOO LATE
CITIZENS DESIRE
THE REFERENDUM
MISS JOHNSON
WINS A POINT
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 6. 1903.
MISS IDAH HOWE
HONORED GUEST
AT A RECEPTION
HAVANA, Sept. 5.— The treasury receipts
for the Island during the month of August
amounted to |l,477,C00.
34
| New Pope's Sister Prophesies Evil |
| =s=for His Holiness,—^ 1
% w* j* j* j* j* 8
jOj '"Oh, what a misfortune! My poor Beppo, who so loved a comfort- §
o a £ c^ at ' Who knows what misery he will go through in that prison W
>j, there in Rome?" p
§ These were the words, said with tears and real grief, with which '%
8 Maria, sister of Pius X. received the news that he had been made Pope, j#
O f" d the ,y epitomize the feeling of the family about this elevation of their P
O 'Beppo to one of the most powerful positions on earth. S
5 O* course it is not an unusual circumstance, that in all times and 8
g all ages evil prophecies of dire disaster to come have been heaped O
§upon the heads of those who have won greatness, but in this instance S
the above incident, with much more that has followed since then, has g
£, electrified and well nijrh appalled many of those who are in a position i>
£> to know the condition of affairs at the Vatican. 2
£> Indeed, it is extraordinary when one's own family prophesy evil %
g xvhere only good can be. but yet, strange as it may seem, not only the S
g> sister of the new Pope, but her brother and many of the other mem- S
X 5j S j° family besides have given utterance to words that have «
S added vastly to the mystery of the misery and growing unhappiness that #
¦X is said to be settling heavily upon His Holiness. Strangest of all, they &
§ speak authoritatively, without malice, but in deepest compassion, and »
g their words are being given credence far and wide, more particularly as ¦ 8
<* »T en addin S equally strange confirmation. <>
# He speaks continuously of the many things in his life that he had &
g treasured that are now gone from him forever, and in this way the «
g boyhood, the early manhood, the later ambition, the inner life of His g
g. Holiness is brought forth more dramatically than it could be in any «
S other way. That is how .Mr. I. Cochrane has been able to write the 8
g remarkable article for the next Sunday Call, which, with the pictures S
£ from Rome, occupies a full page. It is the most valuable article about £
§ the new Pope that has yet been secured anywhere. w
Q . t . Ind eed, it is just such features as the above that has given journal- §
g istic excellence to the Sunday Call's Magazine Section, which is already $
« far in the lead in a literary way. It is no idle boast, or boast at all 8
g to say that no other paper in America can offer so much of genuine §
merit and fascinating interest "...- -„ : ± ,: «
8 For instance, next Sunday you will get the fourth and last install- 8
5 ment of Brcv/ster s Millions." on c of the most powerful American §
« noveis of the day: a complete short story. "The Little God and Dickey" »
§ by Josephine Dodge Daskam. the most famous woman writer in Ameri- §
S «l°-day: another complete short story. "A Question of Service" bv ft
g Edith Wyatt; two full pages of "Half -Hour Storiettes." the latest and 8
g most popular development in high-class literature; the "Me-ows of a &
JO Kitty," a brilliant symposium of wit and wisdom, by Kate Thyson Marr «
g ( Just watch for those cat pictures.) "The Oracle of Mulberry Center " S
g by S. E. Kiser: "Fables for the Foolish," by Nicholas Nemo- "Under »
g the Wheeling Stars." by Martha McCullough Williams: "The Etiquette «
S of n Bachelor Girl." by Madge Moore; "The Wonderful Kingdom of O
g Wonderful Things." by Ben McCutchen, the famous artist and corre- g
« spondent; the very latest in wedding stationery and — but why enumer- «
O ate any more? You are sure to read them all for yourself in the next 8
g Sunday Call. ' g
ADVERTISEMENTS.
(¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦aHaBB B s Baa i BaHaBBBHBBBflBBaBaBBaB
RIIPTITRF
r GURED
I Our cure is safe, painles> and certain. We have CURED
I hundreds. We will give you their names and" addresses and
| you can see them. We CURE you before you pay us a cent,
j Don't fail to see us about it. Consultation is free. Thousands
I have died from rupture whom we could have saved. Don't
I delay.
| FIDELITY RUPTURE CURE
| % 1344 Market Street, San Francisco.
!HHBH BBBBBBBBB BBH BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBB
THE CALL'S
GREAT ATLAS OFFER
Will close on September 24,
f*9O3, and all holders of " Atlas
Coupons are requested to pre-
sent them immediately, as this
great opportunity to secure one
of these splendid^Atlases at The
Call's premium**rates will bo
brought to a close on Septem-
ber 24. >-PnuHrv closed tbe week firm, with tbe mar-
Poultry and Game.
The market continues to absorb the receipts
and prices ehow no change.
DRESSED MEATS.
' ¦Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — 6©7c for Steers and 6960 per Ib
for Cows.
VEAL— Large, C%®8%c; email. 9@l0c per
pound.
MUTTON— Wethers. 8@*Hc; Ewes. 8c per lb
LAMB— 0®10o per lb.
PORK — Dressed Hogs. 8V4e9«c per lb
LIVESTOCK MARKET. -,: N> "\ ' '
Tbe following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco, less 60
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers, 8@9c; Cows and heifers,
7@8c; thin Cows. 4®5c per lb.
J CALVES — »@5%c per lb (gross weight). .
I SHEEP— Wethers. 4c; Ewes. 3%®3%c per lb
(gross weight). .
LASZBS — $2 75©3 per head.
HOGS— Live Hogs, 140 to 200 lbs. 8c: undar
Meat Market.
THE COAST RECORD.
" c K S O 2 I?
? Sacs i— c _ t
n «C « c -o C^ ~
STATIONS. ? 23 23;33 ? «
'. • ? • '• '
¦ * * *
Hike- 29.63 C2 5S NW Rain .42
Carson 29. «6 C4 CS SW Clear .00
Furelc* 29.98 6« 64 SW Cloudy .00
FraBBa 29. «4 « 00 NW Clear .00
F'acitaff 29.70 66 50 KW Cloudy .00
Independence .29. B2 BS 76 EW Cloudy .00
I/,s An K f!«..a.fa 82 60 S Clear .00
Mt Tair>alpais29.Bl 70 46 NW Foggy .00
North Head.. 23.M &C M 6 Cloudy .18
Phoenix '-'9.7C 06 S4 E Cloudy .02
I'oratdlo ....29.56 S6 72 SW Cloudy T.
IvVt'ird 1. ...2t).S4 «2 ZA SW Rain T.
I»o"t Heyos...29.93 56 M W Foggy .00
rfd Blui »-8« 76 «2 BE Cloudy .00
I'oiVhurc * 29.92 02 .80 SE Cloudy .16
Hacramtnto .28-68 TH 56 6 Clear .00
Kalt lAke ..29-C8 S8 CS 6B Cloudy T.
Km rrancl.co.29.US GO B4 W Pt Cldy .00
S I Obispo. .29.U2 7C SO W Clear .00
Ban Diego °29-*4 «« ** SW Pt CM* - 00
-fettle 29. CO «0 !* FE Rain .02
«^kane »•«» «4 «2 8 Cloudy T.
V*t«?*h 2».76 74 54 S Cloudy T.
VuSia . ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ .ba.CS 104 8C S Pt CTdy .60
V.XATHER "cON'mTIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The first w»>ll marked storm of the season
has moved across the country J™* 11 Wash
ington routhcartward to Utah. The ternpera
tur P Las fallen from 20 degrees to 80 degrees
ovf-r the largfr portion of the Pacific flop*.
Moderate ahmm» have occurred at nearly all
the northern stations. High «J»n*» *™ **Z ,
i-urted la Utah -nd Nevada. At Modena- the
%-lnd lias rpachwl u. velocity of 60 miles per
hou' ''Mi the southw^Et; at Winnemucca. 44
rr.Jlca.'and at Independence. 34
t Thunderstorms have occurred at Baker Ctty,
Boiff, fait Lake City. Flagstaff and Phcwnlx.
r.aHlbound t-avelers may rxpect cooler wpather
irom the Sierra to the P.ocky Mountains
Forecast made at fian Francisco for thirty
hours, endinc midnight. September C:
Northern California -- Cloudy. unsettled
leallipr Sunflay, with showers In northern por
tion in the tarly mornir.c; freEh southerly
Houthern California — Cloudy. unsettled
leather Sunday, with showers In the moun
tain*: continued cool; fresh south winds. ,
N*-vada — Cloudy unsettled weather Sunaay.
(XHUinu«i coo'; brisk southerly winds
Can Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Suada.».
VEGETABLES — Green Com, tl®l 50 per
sack; crates from Alameda. $1 25<jzl 75; from
Berkeley, 75c@$l 25 : Green Peas. 2@3c per lb;
String Beahe. 2%®3e per lb; Wax. 2%®3c;
Lima Eeane. fliil 25 per sack; Tomatoes. 40®
75c per box for river, and 60@S5c for bay:Sum
mer Squash. 30® 40c per box; Cabbage, 75£rS!>o
per ctl: Carrot3. 75c per sack; Cucumbers. 115©
40c rer box; Pickle Cucumbers. 3@3%c for No.
1 and 102^0 per lb for others; Garlic. 2®3c per
lb- Green Peppers. 25<840c,p*r box or sack;
Green Okra. 25@50c per box; Egg Plant. 40®
2,0c I't-'r box; Marrowfat Squash. $lu@12 per ton.
Conditions and prices In tbe Potato market
showed no change from the previous report
Supplies were ample and trade was moderately
active under a fair demand for local con
sumption and shipping account. Offerings of
Sweet Potatoes were less liberal than on the
preceding day, but there was enough on hand
to satisfy the demand and prices were un
changed. Onions were steady for choice stock,
while second quality offerings dragged.
There was an abundance of most descrip
tions of vegetables and prices of all kinds
excepting Green Corn and bay Tomatoes stood
as orevlously quoted. There waa a marked
falling of! in tbe receipts of Tomatoes and the
market cleaned up well under a steady de
mand. The canners were offering SOc per box
for the lower cradeg of bay, out were unable
to procure any at that figure. Receipts of
Corn were light and as trashy stock was well
cleaned up prices ranged higher. The pre
vious low prices have checked the movement
somewhat and growers ore not sending poor
stock to market. Pickle Cucumbers arrived
freely and cleaned up quickly under a good
demand f Aim packers.
POTATOES — Burbank" from the river. BOc©
$1 per ctl, with come fancy higher; Balina*
Hui tanks. $161 &0 per ctl; Early Rose, nom
inal: Sweet Potatoes. iy t ©2c per lb.
ONIONS — 60060c per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%e under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 9%c; medium. 4 894c; light. 8c; Cow
Hides.' 80 for heavy and 8c for light;
Stags. 6c; Salted Kip, A%c; Salted Veal. 9Hc;
Salted Calf. 10c; dry Hides. 15@15tfc; dry Kip,
13c; dry Calf. 17c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 25<jl
30c each; short wool, 40@50c each; medium, 70
®90c; long wool, $1©1 60 each; Horse Hides
salt. $2 75 for large and $20)2 60 for medium
$1 25(21 75 for rmall and 60c for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry. $1 76 for large and $1 60 for me
dium, $1®1 25 for email and 60c for Colts
Buck Skins— Dry Meglcan, S2Hc; dry ialte.1
Mexican, 28c; dry Central American. 52fcc
Goat Skins— Prime Angoras, 75c; largo and
smooth, 60c; medium. 85c; email, 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4%©4%o per lb;
No 2, 4®4Hc; grease, 2V4@3c. 1 v
WOOL — Fall clip — San Joaquln Lambs*. 9a
12c: Foothill, 10012c; Middle County, 11»136
Quotations for spring clip are as follows-
Humboldt and Mendocino, 18020c; Nevada 13
©15c; Valley Ore«on, fine, lS@l»c; do, medium.
17©18e: do. coarse, 16017c per lb.
HOPS— 22®23e per lb for both 1902 and l»03.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bld.Ask. I Bld.Ask.
?s qr coup... — — 4s qr c (new) — —
4s qr reg. ... — — l«s qr coup. . . — .
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — Do 5s .... — 113U
Bay CPC 5s. — — Do con 5s. — _
Cal C G 6s. — — O W C g 5s. — —
Cal G & E g Oceanic S 5s. —
m & ct 5s. — — Om C R tis. —
Cal-st 5s — — Pac G Im4s. —
C C Wat 5s. — — P E Ry 5s.. 108 V, 109^1
Ed L&P es. — — ' P & C H 6s. — —
F & C II Cs. — — P & O R 6s. — _
Geary-st 5s. — — Powell-st (is. —
MI C & S5V6s — — S E G&R 5s — —
H C & S 63. 09 100 SF & SJV6s.ll9%120
Hon R T6s. — 107 S Rof«C 6s.lll%
LA Elec 5s. — 105% S P of A 6s
L A Ry 5s.. — — . (1909) _
L A L C 63. — — (1010) _
Do gtd 6s. — — S P of C 6s
Do gtd 5s. — — (1905)Sr A. 104 —
LAP lem 5s. — — (1905)Sr B.
Mkt-Bt C 6s. — — (1006) 1O7-H1O7&
Do lem 58.115^116 (1912) .... __ _"
NRRof C 6s. — — S P C leg 5s. — —
NRCof C 5s. 118141 19 *» Do stmpd.103 108**
N P C R r,s. — — S P B R 6s. — _
N C R-Ba.. — — S V Wat tis. _ _
N C P C 5s. — — Do 4s 2dm. 99%100
N S R 5s. .. — — Do 4s 3dm. 98% —
O G L H 6s. — . — Stkn G&E 6s 10214
O T Co 6s.. — 122^ U G & E 6s. — _
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — — IPort Costa..
Marln Co ... — — ISprlng Val.. 83 84
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L&P. 4% 5^ Bac EG & R -_
Eqult Gas... — — SFG&E..68
Mutual E L. 13% 14 6 F Gas __ _
Pac G Imp. — 56 U G & E.... — _
Pac Lighting 55^4 —
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES
B F G & E.. 68 69
INSURANCE.
Firem's Ftid. ' — —
BANK STOCKS.
Am Natl Bk. — — L P & A.... JL _
Anglo-Cal .. — — Mer Trust... -_ 250
Bank of Cal. 530 — Merch Ex..._ _
Cal Safe Dp. — — S F National — — .
First Nationl — — .
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.. — — Sav & L So. — _
Hum S & L. — — Bee Sav Bk. — .
Mutual Sav. — — Union T Co. — —
6 F Sav U. — ' —
STREET RAILROADS.
California... — — IPresldlo .... _ 45 .
Geary — ~~ • »
POWDER.
Giant • 64 — iVIgorit 4^ 51;
.- '/. SUGAR.
Hana P Co.. — — Kllauea S C— J —^ '¦"'
Hawaiian C. 43% — Makawell C. — _
HonoRaa S C 13 13W Onomea S C. 30 —
Hutch S P C 13 — Paauhau 8 C 16
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack — Oceanic S Co — _
Cal Fruit As. — — Pae A F A. . — __
Cal Wine As. 07 03 Pac C Borax. 167 —
Morning Session.
Board — '
20 Cal Wine Assn 97 50
118 Contra Costa Water.. ; -># 60 qq
50 Hawaiian Commercial and Sugar.. 44 00
$2000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s j 19 qq
CO Paauhau S P Co 16 00
30 Paauhau S P Co... ..16 00
$1000 S P Of C 6s (1906) .......107 50
50 United Gas and Electric 35 00
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
55 S F Gas and Electric, s 30 C8 00
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stocks— Bid. Asked
Caribou Oil Co 110 . 1 25
Four OH. 70
Hanford Oil......... 130 0O 135 00
Home Oil S2i$ 87«£
Imperial Oil • 19 00
Indnnendenee Oil. ........... ..„«_» s l j<j
- ¦
Graham Flour. Com Meal, Hominy and
Whole Wheat Flour are quoted lower and sec
ond quality Rolled Oats are higher. The mill
ers have reduc«d the cash discount an JI1U
etuffs from 23 to 20 per cent.
FLOUR — California Family Extras, $4 60S
4 85. usual terms; Bakers' Extraa, $4 S0@4 <jo-
Oregon and Washington. $3 9OQ4 20 per bbl
for family and $3 90#4 40 for Bakers.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In packages are as
follows: Grcham Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; I?ye
Flour. $3 25; Rye Meal. $3; Rice Flour, $7:
Corn Meal, $3 25; extra, cream do, $4; Oat
Groats, $4 60; Hominy, $4@4 25; Buckwheat
Flour, $4 60®4 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Fa
rina, $4 60; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled
Oats, bbls. $7 25@8 60; In sacks, $6 75&8 10;
Pearl Barley. $ti; Split Peas, boxes, 17; Green
Peas. $S 60 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
O20Oi Meridian — Pacific Time.)
EAN FRANCISCO. Sept. 6—5 p. m.
Weather Report.
LARD— Tle^ss quoted at 7%c per lb for
compound «^d 10@10%c for pure: half barrels,
pure, 10%@10%c; 10-lb tins. lO%@llc; 0-lb
tins, llttc: 3-lb tins, HHc
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 0%c; three
half barrels, 9%c; one tierce. 0%c; two tierces.
uV4c; five tierces, 9%c per lb.
There waa nothing of Interest yesterday.
The Western exchanges were clored and this
market was nominal.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 12%e per lb for
heavy, 13c for light medium, 15c for light,
15^0 for extra light, 17%c for sugar-cured and
18^c for extra sugar-cured; Eastern sugar
cured Hams, 15%c: California Hams. 15Uc;
Mess Beef, $11 60@12 per bbl; extra Mess, $12
©12 60; Family, $13 60; prime Mess Pork, $18;
extra clear, $2£* Hess. $20: Dry Salted Pork,
12%c; Pig Pv>«. $28;. Pigs' Feet, $5 25;
Smoked Beef. »6o per lb.
Provisions.
Note — The grain exchanges of the United
States being closed yesterday there are no
quotations to-day for cereals and their pro
ducts. Trading on the local exchange will
be resumed on Tuesday.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
(From the Crop bulletin, fnited States De
partmrnt of Agriculture, Washington. D. C,
week ended August 24.)
The reports indicate a very general decline
in tho condition ff *s.pl«» except In the south
ern portion at the Middle Atlantic States,
where the outlook continues favorable.
New England— Apples blown off.
N>w York — Grapes light, apples less than
Man-land and Delaware — Apples promising,
tomatoes below averag*--.
Virginia — ArT"!*"* promise very rood yield.
Florida — Oranges splitting in tome sections.
' Arkansas — Lat<* aprl 1 ?* poor and scares.
Mtewjuri— Apples unpromising.
Michigan — Apple profpects continue lair.
<'olora<ip — Fruit promising.
Oregon— Prune* and pears excellent, spples
good.
Government Fruit Crop Report.
SATURDAY, Sept. 6—12 m.
Stock and Bond Exchange.
There Is no further change to report under
tW NE h w a FRUIT— Apricots. 7J4@9%o for Ro yal ,
*nd a@llc for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples
6(6«c; Peaches, 6V4@<c; Pears, 6@8c- Necl
tarines. 4®4%c for white; Figs, white, ifc©
4-kc In boxes; Plums, pitted, 6@6c per lb.
PRUNES— 1802 crop 2%@2%c for the four
sizes, with %@lc premium for the large sizes.
RAISINS — New prices are as follows: Two
crown, 6@CVic; three-crown, 6tf@6&c; four
crown, (»%®7c.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, 12%@13 C -
No. 2, 10%@U%c; No. 1 hardshell, ll%@12c;
No. 2 10©10%c; new Almonds, lie for Nonpa
reils, 10%e for I X L, lOVic for Ne Plus Ul
tra and 8%o for Languedoc; Peanuts, 5@7c
for Eastern; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts, $4 50
HONEY— Comb, new. 12^@13%c for white
and 9311c for amber: new water white ex
tracted. 5Mj®6%c; light amber extracted, 6c:
dark, 3%®4%c.
BEESWAX— 27®29c per lb.
Dried Fruits,Nuts, Raisins, Honey
As usual on Saturday local securities were
quiet and quotations showed no noteworthy
change. There will be no business to-morrow,
as the day Is a legal holiday.
Sales, on the California Oil Exchange last
week were 48,437 shares, valued at $26,054,
the leading sales being as follows: . Chicago
Crude. 1000 shares: Caribou, 1385; Home
12,720; Lion. 5000; Monarch, 1550; Occidental
1350; Oil City. 2100; Monte Crlsto, 11,300; Su
perior. 1151: Toltec. 1000; Independence, 8100;
Sovereign, 1000.
Ex-dividend yesterday: Pacific Lighting
Company, regular monthly, 35c per share,
amounting to $14,000; Onomea Sugar Company
(new rate), regular monthly, 40c per share,
amounting to $30,000.
The Empire State-Idaho Mining and Devel
oping Company has declared a monthly div
idend of % ' of I per cent on the outstanding
capital stock, payable September 15.
The week was cool throughout and the long
dry fpell wa? broken by several showery days.
In" the eastern smt^n the copious rains were
on the 25th and 2Cth. on which dates more
than an inch of rain occurred in many local-
Ifcs The rains interrupted harvesting and
thrashing, thus delaying those operations sev
eral -lays, ar.d slightly injured wheat In eom«
lo'-allties. but the benefits from the rains far
outw.ightd the trifling damage. Late spring
grain, which was in danger of '•burning '
ir< m th* hot winds, was Baved from Injury,
and Fugar beets and late vegetables wer»
pr^atly benefited. But the best results were
the revivin* cf pastures and the soaking up
of the ground for fall plowing. The soil has
boen put in much better condition for plowing
than it was, but more rain is needed for the
purpose.
ronfiderablp Fprir^; wheat remains to be
cut The harvest is about two-thirds over in
rt-» late localities. All reports received con
f.rra the ert.irr.ates of the wheat crop, accord
ing to locality and cultivation, of from half
the average yield to somewhat below average.
B-d quality the very best- Oats have nearly
all b*en harvested and the yield was good.
Potatoes continue to thrive, although there
are sonse reports of blight. On the whole the
ix-.tato crop promises to be. an excellent one.
H"ps which at one time looked very un
maMxm have greatly Improved. The ship
ment cf large quantities of fine fruit continue
from th<» irrigated districts, and the third cut
ting of a good crop cf alfalfa has been secured
in fine condition.
The rf-port of G. N. Salisbury. Section Di
rector United States Weather Bureau for the
Washington Crop Bulletin, week ended Sep
tember 1. is as follows:
Washington Crop Bulletin.
NEW YORK. Sept. 5. — The statement of
averages of the clearing-house banks of this
city for the week shows: Loans. $924,4ir.,800.
Increase, ?1.304,800: deposits, f918.131.30O. de
crtase. $1,902,600; circulation. $43,871,400, de
crease. MT.OOU: legal tenders. $74.(»3.8O0, de
crease, fl, 617,200; specie, $172.73«,OOO, de
crease. *2.261.fKH); reserve, ?24tf,828.80O. de
crease. ij-3.879.10O: reserve required, $229,532.
825. decrease. $408,150; surplus, $17,200,975,
decrease. $3.'iS0.fl50; extra United State3 de
posits. $26,605,575, decrease, $3,392,300. Close:
Sterling exchange nominal, with actual busi
ness in bankers' bills at ?*.86.35@4.M.4O for
demand and at $4.83.15^4.83.25 for sixty days.
Posted rates, $4 84 and $4 87. Commercial
bills, ?4 83.
Exports and Imports.
NEW YORK. Sept. 5.— Total Imports of
merchandise and dry goods at the port of
New York for the week were valued at $5.»30.
830. Total imports of specie at the port of
New York for the week were J^O.700 silver
and $15,192 gold. Total exports of specie from
this port to all countries for the week were
$.434,910 silver and $31,505 gold.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— F^pt. Oct. Dec.
Craning « •!% « « l a « 6%
Closing « 6% 6 CH 6 6Ti
PARIS.
Wheat — S«rt. Jan.-Apl.
Opening 20 10 20 2O
Cluing 20 35 20 40
Flour —
Opening 27 85 28 00
Closing 27 25 27 40
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CATTLE — Receipts, 4000; Texans, nominal;
good to prime steers, $5 40<?6; ponr to me
dium. $4 V)H5 25; atockers and feeders, $2 50
64 25; cows. $1 50Q4 60; heifers, $2f 4 75;
canners, $1 50©2 60; bulls, tZQi 50; calves,
$3 5U@6 75: Texas fed steers, $3 25©4 70;
Western steers, $3 25@4 65.
HOGS — Receipts to-day. S000; Monday. 30,
000; best, steady; others, slow; mixed and
butchers, $5 35@6 10; good to choice- heavy,
$5 6565 85; rough heavy, ?5 15tf?5 55; light,
$5 6Tt§6 20; bulk of eales, $5 45@5 75. *
SHEEP— Receipts. 15.000: sheep, steady,
lambs, bteady; good to choice wethers. $3 25@
3 75; fair to choice mixed. $2 2503 25; West
ern sheep. ?2 50®3 73; native lambs, $3 75@
6; Western lambs, $3 75@5 10. /
ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Sept. 5.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 200; steady.
HOGS— Receipts, 2500; steady to 5c higher:
light. $5 7OS-6; medium and heavy, $5 35@
6 75.
Elgin Board of Trade.
ELGIN. 111.. Sept. 5.— The weekly meeting
of the Board of Trade was held to-day on ac
count of Monday being a holiday. Butter was
declared steady at lf»i£c per pound. Sales for
the week, 712.776 pounds.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or.. Sept. 5. — WHEAT— Walla
Walla, MGS3c; Bluestem, R4c: Valley, 81@S2c
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Wash., Sept. 6. — WHEAT—Un
changed. Bluestem, 85c; Club, 83c. i
Northern Business.
SEATTLE. Sept. 5. — Clearings, >C50,067; bal
ances, $101,247.
TACOMA, Sept. 6.— Clearings, $274,211; bal
ances. $23,768.
PORTLAND, Sept. 6.— Clearings, $426,362;
balances, $52,1S9.
SPOKANE. Sept. 5.— Clearings, $219,700; bal
ances. $27,000.
Junction Oil...- 20 21
Kern Oil * 5 B0
Lien Oil... 0* ••'lk
Monte Crlsto Oil 6» 70
Monarch Oil 50 53
Oil City Petroleum 28 .» 23
Peerless Oil 13 60 14 00
Reed Crude Oil *0 42
San Joaquln Oil 6 60 .....
Sterling Oil 2 60 2 SO
Thirty-three Oil ••¦• 8 00
Twenty-eight Oil * 30 4 50
Union Oil ,«8«O
United Petroleum 10O 00
West Shore Oil 3 00 3 25
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land and Improvement 1 20 1 45
Alameda Sugar ''XX 5°.
American Biscuit 88 00 95 00
American District Tel
Bay Counties Power
Cal Central Gas & Electric
Cal Cotton Mills 88 00
Cal Jockey Club 105 00
Cal Powder
Cal Shipping Co 25 00
Ca! Title Ins and Trust 130 00 140 00
Central Bank of Oakland.... 60 00
Chutes Company 8 00 8 50
City and County Bank
Cypress Lawn Imp't Co 8 50
Eastern Dynamite
Ewa Sugar Plantation
Gas Consumers' Assn 22 50
Honolulu Sugar 13 00
London and S F Bank (Ld.)
Mercantile Trust
Northern Cal Power % . 0 50
Nevada National Eank
North Shore Railroad 0 00
Orpheum Company 15 00
Pacific States Tel and Tel 122 50
Parafftne Paint 33 00
Postal Device and Imp't.....
San Francisco Dry Dock 47 00
Sausalito Land and Ferry. ... 16 00
Sperry Flour Company. 27 60 30 00
Standard Electric 1800
Truekee Electric 13 25 16 00
Union Sugar 22 50
United Gas and Electric 34 50
Western Fish Company
SALES.
Morning Session.
25 Kern 5 00
1000 Tol tec 20
100 Monte Crlsto 70
600 Home 85
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
The following were the sales In the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day: J
Morning Session.
300 C C & Va....l 45; 100 Potoei 12
200 Confidence ... 75 200 Sierra Nevada 61
1000 Exchequer ... 07 100 Union Con... 60
200 Hale-& Nor. . 47 300 Union Con... 61
300 Mexican 1 00 200 Utah .- 15
100 Ophir 160 100 Yellow Jacket 42
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
The following were the sales la" the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday : /
. Morning Session. .
100 Caledonia ... 83 "SOO Potosl;.. 13
100 £ C & Va....l 40 200 Savage 20
100 C C & Va 1 45 30O Seg Belcher.. 08
600 Crown Point. 10 200 Sierra Nevada 63
300 Exchequer ... 08 ; 300 Sierra Nevada 62
600 Gould & Cur. • 25 200 Yellow Jacket 44
100 Hale & Nor.. 47 300 Yellow Jacket 43
200 Mexican 1 00
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
> The- following were the sales In the Tonopah
Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session. r -
B0 Blk Canyon.. 2 80] 200 Mlzpah Extn. 31
60 Blk Canyon.. 2 00 500 South Eureka 13
100 Colehan 18 400 Ton N Star. . 42
1000 Esperanza ... 04 600 Ton N Star.. 43
600 •Esperanza ... 05 100 Ton & Salt L 51
300 Mont Ton ...1 00 100 Ton & Salt L 52
100 Mlipah Extn. 30
CLOSINQ QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY. Sept. 5—12 m.
Bld.Ask. Bld.Ask.
Alpha 06 07 Lady Wash.". O4 08
Alta 04 Oti Julia 01 02
Andes 13 14 Justice 08 10
Belcher ...... 21 24 Kentuck .... 02 03
Best & Belch.l 30 1 60 Mexican .....1 00 1 05
Bullion 03 04 Occidental ... 35 38
Caledonia ... 82 83 Ophlr 160 170
Chalenge Con 20 2.1 Overman .... 20 22
Chollar: -} « 12 Potosi 11 13
Confidence .. 70 75 Savage IB 21
Con Cal & V.I 45 1 50 Scorpion 01 «l
Con Imperial. 03 04 Seg Belcher.. 08 10
Con N Y 15 16 Sierra Nev... 62 64
Crown Point. 09 10 Silver Hill ..70 72
Eureka Con.. 40 <>0 St Louis .... — 0C
Exchequer . . 08 Oft Union Con . . 61 63
Gould & Cur. 23 2o Utah 15-16
Halo & Nor. . 47 49| Yellow Jack.. 42 44
TONOPAH MINES.;
Bld.Ask. Bld.Ask.
Esperanza ... 04 05 Ton Bel:...'.. —175
Gipsy Queen.. — 27 Ton & Cal .. 20 —
Hannapah — 22 Ton Fraction. — 75
Lucky Tom . . — ; 10 Ton Nevada. . — 7 00
MacNamara .. 12 17 Ton N Star. 43 46
Mont Ton.... OS 1 00 Ton Midway.. '35 42
Pa«master ... 10 17 Ton & S Lake.— 65
Rescue 09 11 United Ton — 20'
DENVER, Sept. 5.— General Frank
Baldwin, commander of tho Department
of Colorado, with seventy-five troopers
from Fort D. A. Russell, has just return
ed from a practice field rido in an unset
tled country. The general and the troops
rode 160 miles In the Medicine Bow for
est reservation in less than six days, es
tablishing a new record. General Bald
win rode tho horse which waa ridden by
President Roosevelt from Laramle to
Cheyenne and which he pronounced the
best horse he had ever* ridden. General
Baldwin Is more than 60 years of age.
Troopers Establish Record.
Potatoes, corn and other minor crops are
ioing nicely, ."sock is in excellent condition
•<^r the season cf th<- y«>ar and the flow of
milk in th<? dairy districts h> exc«-r>ti"nally
good. The third crop of alfalfa is being cut,
«ith avcra?» yields.
Apples and prunes continue to drop, as
usual at this season cf th$ year, but there is
enough fruit left on the treps to give large
yirlds of prunes, and it it bolleved a good crop
of appW will be harvested. The prune harvest
»iil begin in atout two week!!. Evergreen
tlackl>erries are plentiful in the markets.
Bank Clearings.
Ixx-ai bank clearings during the week Just
pnfled fhowei', - gain of JT, 018, 763 over the cor
refpcndlrg week of last year, being $31,377,283,
Yesterday a Close Day.
A« the Kartern mercantile and «tock ex
changes were closed yesterday there are few
quotations from the East to-day. To-morrow
will be a l»cal holiday and business will be
euspended throughout the I'nited States.
Oregon Crop Bulletin.
The rer>ort of Edward A. Beais. Section Di
rector United States Weather Bureau for the
Oregon Crop Bulletin fcr the wetk ended Sep
tember 1 Is as follows:
Good rains fell during; the first of the week
5r. all t^ctione of the State, and last Saturday
local rains occurred in the Willamette Valley
urd coast Cijunties. The rains were quite
heavy in the tastem sections on the 25th and
"Oth, but. although they interfered with har
xwtlni? and thra»h!nK. they did no material
itumaKe to tbc grain in shook. In the Willam
«"tte Valley the rain« and cloudy weather
<itused an increase of lic« and mold in the hop
yards, hut no groat amount of damage has yet
occurred. Hop picking has commenced and It
¦ttl'.l become general this week. The condi
tions now sc-m settled, with good prewpect?
tor at least two or thrr-» days of clear and
¦warm weather, which will insure a good start
lr. harvesting the hop crop.
TVhMit, oats and barley haxc nearly all h^en
cut. and thrashing: Is wpII advanced. The
j 'i*-ids continue to turn out satisfactory and the
iarnws are busy hauling the crop to the ware
houses.
APPLES— 85c®$l 10 per box for fancy. 50<§
75c for good to choice and 25@40c for common;
Crabapples, .
PEARS — Bartletts. $1@1 50; winter, varie
ties 50fl?SK>c per box, according to size of box.
QUINCES — 40<g60c per box.
FIGS— 75c@$l per box for black and 40@75c
for other varieties.
PLUMS and PRUNES-40665c per crate
and 25c® 50c per box; large open boxes, 60@85c;
per ton. *2fl©25.
NECTARINES — Nominal.
PEACHES— Small boxes, 4o#75c: carriers.
50© 75c; large open boxes, 50c@$l; per ton,
J2O025 for Clingstones.
POMEGRANATES— 50®75c per box.
GRAPES — Seedless, 60<g65c per box; Isabella,
75c@$l per box or crate; other varieties, 35@
60^ for small boxes. 6O@75c for crates and
65c@$l for large open boxes; Zlnfandel Wine
Grapes. rer ton.
MELONS — Cantaloupes, $1 25@2 per crate;
Nutmeg Melons, 40ig65c per box; Watermelons,
$i>&20 per hundred.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges, $2 75@3 for fan
cy Valenciaa. $2'S2 50 for choice and $1 25
@1 50 for Standard; Seedlings, $101 25; Lem
ons, $1®3 per box, with some fancy
higher; Grape Fruit, $1 75@2 25; Mexican
Limes, $6; Bananas, $2@3 per bunch for
Central American and $1 25@2 for Hawaiian;
Pineapples, $2 B0@3 per dozen.
RASPBKRRIES-^$7<39 per chest.
BLACKBERRIES— $2 50fa3 50 per chest for
ordinary and $4(55 for fancy from Santa Cruz.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 7(58c per lb.
The local demand for fruits, which is gen
erally brisk on Saturday, was confined chiefly
to fancy stock, thl demand for second quality
offerings being very light. Firmer prices pre
vailed for Barflett Pears, which wero in lim
ited supcly. and fine Peaches were bteady at
previous prices. The canners cleaned up bulk
lots of Clingstones and Salways at the pre
viously quoted rates and sales were reported
In a small way at $27 50 per ton. Receipts
of Plums and Prunes in bulk consisted entirely
of email quantities, which found prompt sale
at previous prices. Offerings in small boxes
and crates were steady under moderate re
ceipts. Strictly fancy Bellflower and Graven
stein Apples in 4-tier boxes were in good
demand at $1@1 10 per box, but t>mall and
wormy stock was In excessive sub ply and
dragged at unsteady rates. Quinces and Pome
granates were offering freely at e.isy prices,
but met with very slow gale. Available sup
plies of Figs cleaned up quickly in the raorn
infc, but fresh arrivals from Orovllle and
vicinity came to hand too late for the regular
trade and there was quite a surplus unsold
at the close. Choice offerings of seedless
Grapes were In good request, but the bulk of
the receipts arrived too late for the morning
trade and had to be sold at easy prices. Trad
ing in tbe other varieties was of small vol
ume, although supplies were plentiful and
prices easy. Melons were active and Canta
loupes and Nutmeg' Melons were still higher
under continued light receipts. Watermelons
were steady and unchanged. Huckleberries
were suddenly plentiful and there was a sharp
drop in prices. The other berries were In
ample supply and sold well at unchanged
rat*"*.
Citrus fruits were moderately active. Lem
ons. Oranges and Grape Fruit were steady and
Mexican Limes were quoted firm. The feature
of the market was the arrival of a car of
Valencia Oranres, which sold fairly well at
the quoted rates.
STRAWBERRIES— $2 .Wg3 50 for Mallndas
and Jt@5 for other large varieties: Long
worthn. nominal.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Associated Banks' Statement.
threatening in the morning; light southwest
winds; changing to brisk westerly.
A. O. McADIE. District Forecaster.
EASTERN MARKETS.
General Mtrchandise.
BAGS — Grain Bags, 5@5>£c; San Quentln.
5 55c: Wool Bags, 32©35c; Fleeco Twine, 7%@
8c: Cnttoh Fruit Bags, CHc 6%c and 7%c for
the three grades; Brown Jute, 6H®7^c. :
COAL— Wellington, $S per ton; New Wel
lington, *S: Seattle, $6 60; Bryant. $6 60; Bea
ver Hill, $5 60; Stanford, $7; Roslyn, $7; Coos
Bay, $5 50; Greta, $7; Wallsend. $7; Rich
mond. $7 BO; Cumberland, $13 in bulk and
$14 25 in sacks; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13;
Welsh Lump, $11 CO; Cannel, $8 60 per ton;
Coke $11 50013 per ton in bulk and $15 In
sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions. $8 45 per
2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton, according to brand.
COFFEE^ — C. E. Blckford's circular says:
"No changes of much importance have oc
curred since the 7th ult. The period has been
a dull one and all markets remain quiet at
this writing. Some exceptional sales have been
made •>£ ftrictly fancy, bold blue washed Costa
Rica at 14@ir>c, but the quantities were small
owing to depleted stocks. The business could
be repeated on a larger scale with suitable cof
fee. Salvadors are held on the basis of 7%c for
current unwashed, but without transactions;
buyers are offering 7@7 ] /4c. Inferior and ash
damaged coffees have sold irregularly, generally
lower.
"Conditions as to next Brazil crop are by
some regarded Improved on reports of rains
being . general throughout the state of ' Sao
Paulo. Others contend that the crops had not
been menaced by the lack of it up to the time.
The present crop Is coming forward freely, re
ceipts at the ports of Brazil being still In
excess of last year's some 300. COO bags. The
visible supply of th« world increased 778. 000
bags during August, but its effect upon either
ppot coffee or futures has been nil.
"To-day's first hand stock consists of 7039
bags Costa Rica, 2621 Nicaragua, 29 Honduras,
11.6C5 Salvador, 42.149 Guatemala, ,,£003 Mexi
can and 6671 various: in all. 73,077*bags.
"We quote: Costa Rica— 12V4@16c for strict
ly prime to fancy washed, HQ12c for prime
washed, 10V4<gl0a;c for good washed, 9^@ll%c
for good to prime washed peaberry, 8&@9-ic
for good to prime peaberry, 89i@10c for good
to prime, 7&8c for fair, 4@6^c for common
to ordinary. Salvador — Il<gl2c nominal for
strictly prime washed, 8}4<gl0He for good to
prime washed, 7H@8c for fair washed, g^lOVjc
for fair to prime washed peaberry, 7%@8Uc
for good to prime semi-washed, 7%@8c, for
i-uperior unwashed, 7@7%c for good green un
washed, 7%€8c for good to superior unwashed
peaberry, 4@6c for inferior to ordinary. Nica
ragua — ll*.4@13c nominal for prime to fancy
washed, 8@10c nominal for fair to strictly
good washed, 694^7^40 for jjood to superior
unwashed, 7%@Sc for good to prime unwashed
peaberry. Guatemala and Mexican — 13^£<3>15c
nominal for fancy washed, ll@13c for prime
to strictly prime washed, 9%@10%c for strictly
good washed, 0@9%c for good washed, 7^@
8%c for fair washed, 6@7^4c for medium, 4@Cc
for inferior to ordinary, 8%@10%c for fair to
prime washed peaberry. 7%@8c for good to
prime unwashed peaberry, 7®8c nominal for
good to superior unwashed. 5@7%c for ash
damajjed."
OIL — Linseed, 44c for boiled and 42c for raw
in barrels; cases, 6c more; Castor Oil, in cages.
No. 1, 70c; Bakers' AA, $1 10@l 12; Lucol, 41c
for boiled and 39c for raw in barrels; Lard Oil
extra winter strained, barrels, 90c: cases, 95c :
China Nut. 55@70c per gallon; pure Neats
root in barrels, 75c; cases, SOc; Sperm, pure
70c;" Whale Oil, natural white. 60@35 c per gal
lon; Fish Oil. in barrels. 45c; cases, 60c; Co
coanut Oil. In barrels, 58c for Ceylon and 65c
for Australian.
COAL OIL—Water White Coal Oil In bulk
14c- Pearl Oil in cases. 20%c; Astral 20&c'
Star, 20%c; Extra Star, 24%c; Elaine, 26>4c :
Eocene, 23%c; deodorized Stove Gasoline, in
bulk 17c: in cases, 23^4c; Benzine, In bulk
13c; In cases. iai*e; SB-degree Gasoline in
bulk 21c; in cases, 27 %c.
TURPENTINE— 78c per gallon In cases and
72c in drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead 6®
6M1O per ib; White Lead,. 6@«^c. according to
quantity.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining
Company quotes as follows, per lb, in
100-lb bags: Cubes, A Crushed and Fine
Crushed, 5.85c; Powdered. 5.70c: Candy Gran
ulated, 5.70c; Dry Granulated, rlne, 8.60c- Dry
Granulated, coarse. 5.60c; Fruit Granulated
5.60c; Beet Granulated (100-lb bags only) •
Confectioners' A, 5.60c; Magnolia A. 5.20c- Ex
tra C. 5.10c: Golden C 6o- "D," 4.9Oc; barrels
10c more; half barrels. 25c more: boxes 50c
more; 50-lb bags. 10c more for all kinds. Tab
lets—Half barrels, 6.10c; boxes, 6.35c per lb
No orders taken for less than seventy-five bar
rels or its equivalent.
STOCK MARKET.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 5.
Flour, qrsks... 10,77s! Hay, tons 7*42
Wheat, ctls .... 2,558 [Hops, bales .... H7
Barley, ctls.... 15,150 Flaxseed, sks... 049
Oats, ctls 4,25a 1 Wool, bales .... 226
Beans, sks ..... 43^ Tallow, ctls ... 6
Corn, sks 1,010! Hides, No 265
Rye. sks 437i Pelts, No» 3,201
Potatoes, sks .. 4, «23^ Leather, foils .. 53
Onions, sks .... 302! Wine, gals 52,800
Bran, Bks 2.080, Lime, bbls ,.,. 400
Middlings, sks.. 781 1 Quicksilver, flks. 60
Butter clos»d the week very firm, with some
houses inclined to quote an advance, and there
was Indeed some selling at 30c, but this was
mostly in the form of resales. Stocks of fancy
creamery were cloeely cleaned up. The lower
grades showed no Improvement. The more
conservative houses were inclined to oppose
any advance on the ground that the two holi
days during the coming week may result 'in
tome accumulation of receipts, in which case
it would be difficult to maintain the advance.
Cheese continues very weak and I dull, with
large supplies.
Hpgs ara very firm, with stocks of fresh
ranch reduced to a small auantlty.
Receipts were 12.700 lbs Butter, 629 cases
Eggs and 42,400 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery. 28H©2!)c for extras
and 25@27c for seconds; dairy, 2H}'23c: store
Butter. 17i4@19c: cold storage, 24<&'25c; East
ern, 2-1C24C per lb.
CHEESE — New. 12@12\ic: Touns America,
13@14c; Eastern. lo@16c; Western, 14®15c
per lb.
EGGS— Ranch, 34@35c for large white se
lected and 28@33c for fair to choice; store,
22i4<jf2"c; cold storage, 24@26c; Eastern, 21@
24c per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Though business on the- Stock Exchange was
less in volume than In the week ending August
25,the average dally clearings were $21,000,000
greater, amounting to $162,000,000; the increase
was probably largely due to the September
settlements which were in progress during the
week. Though the decrease In surplus reserve
was Important, as above noted, there does not
seem to be any Indication that the movement
of money for crop purposes had begun to be
large; this being confined to shipments largely
to the South of not more than $800,000 bo far
as could be traced. Moreover, the fact that
the treasury is absorbing considerable sums
ought not to cause anxiety, for should these
absorptions continue to be large the Secretary
will probably be induced to extend relief
through an Increase of deposits, for public
funds in the national bank depositories. Com
parisons of changes in loans show that three
of the larger banks Increased this item by
$1,400,000 net. Five institutions lost $3,100,000
net In cash.
NEW YORK. Sept. 5.— The Financier
this week says;
The notable feature of the official statement
of the New York Associated Banks last week
was the decrease In surplus reserve, the result
of an Important loss in cash caused by a large
though exceptional movement in Boston for th*
needs of a local corporation, and there were
also comparatively large shipments of cur
*rency to the South, influenced by some activity
In the movement of cotton from the planta
tions. The reduction in, cash was principally
due, however, to absorptions of money from
the banks by the sub-treasury In consequence
of tho fiscal operations, payments through the
banks for customs and for transfers of Internal
revenue collections from western, depositories
through their New York correspondents being
greatly in excess of current disbursements by
the treasury.
The decrease in specie was $2,261,900, and
In legal tenders $1,617,200, making: the total
loss of cash $3,879,100, which amount. It may
be observed, closely corresponds with the
$.'l,S.S5.200 loss to tbe banks, as estimated on
the basis of the traceable movements of money
during the week. The required reserve was
reduced $498,150, through a decrease of $1,092.-
C00 In deposits. Deducting thla sum of $498,150
from the total loss of cash leaves $3,380,950
as the decrease In surplus reserve, which now
is $37,296,975. Calculated upon the basis of
deposits, less those of $37,234,400 of public
funds, the surplus is $26,605,525. The state
ment failed to balance by $589,200, this being
the difference between the sum of the loss of
difference between the sum of the loss of cash,
less the Increase of $1,304,300 In bonds and the
amount of the decrease In deposits. The above
noted expansion In the loan item waa more
likely due more to the extension of accommo
dation to mercantile borrowers than to the
stock commtssiun houses and therefore It was
regarded as unimportant. It may be noted
that the loans are $6,284,500 in excess of the
deposits against $2,067,000 in the previous
week.
Sub-Treasury Absorption of
Money Is the Chief
Cause.
Local bank clearings gain sliarply over last year.
l cry fczc Eastern quotations, exchanges bcin% closed.
To-morrow a legal holiday.
Local stocks and bonds quiet.
-\o local grain market yesterday.
Bniicr ar.d Eggs firm, with light stocks of choice.
Notiuhj* tied? in Dried Fruits.
Provisions nominal, zvith the Eastern exchanges closed.
Receipts of livestock readily absorbed by the demand.
Potatoes and Onions as before.
Vegetables plentiful and in good demand.
Poultry and Game firm, and cleaned up.
Fresh Fruits plentiful and moving freely.
New prices for sonic kinds of Millstuffs.
Some changes in Coffee.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Large Shipments of Cur
rency tp'.fEfouth a
Factor.
GAME — Rabbits. $1 25@1 75 per dozen:
Hare, $1®1 25; Wild Doves, 73@S5e per dozen.
ket practically bare. The car of We«tern that
was expected did not arrive in time to be
r>laced on sale and was held over for to-mor
row's market. The receipts or domestic were
very light and cleaned Up quickly at previous
prices. Game was in moderate receipt and
ftood sound offerings cleaned up readily. Hare
and Doves were quoted higher.
POULTRY — Live Turkeys, nominal; Geese,
por pair, $1 25@1 50; Goslings, $1 50@l 75;
Ducks. $3@4 per doren for old and $3 Z>O&i DO
for young; Hens, $4 BOtgS 50; young Roosters,
?i 50@5 SO; old Roosters, *4; Fryers, *3 &0@
4 00; Broilers, $3@3 50 for large and $2 50@.{
for Email; Pigeons, $1 60 per dozen for old and
$1 6001 75 for Squabs.
BANK RESERVES
SHOW DECREASE
140 lbs, 5%Q:5%c; Sows, 20 per cent off; Boars.
CO per cent oft. and Stags, 40 per cent oft from
above quotations.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1903.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
35
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN KT. CO.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
EAILWAY COMPAinr.
Tlbnron Perry, root of Market St.
SAW PBAKOZ800 TO BAH ttATAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:30. 8:00. 9:00. 11:00, a. m.;
12:35, 2:30. 8:40. 6:10. 6:50, 8:30 and 11:30
p. m. ,
Saturdays — Extra, trip at 1:30 pi. m.
STJNDATS— 7:30, 8:00. 8:30. 11:00 a- m.; 1:30,
2:30, 3:40. 6:10. 8:80, 11:30 p. m.
SAW BAFAEI. TO SAW TBAW013C0.
WEEK DATS— 6:08. 6:50. 7:3fi. 7:60, B:20.
11:15 a. m.; 12:50. •2:00, 8:40. 8:00. 6:20,
6:23 p. m.
Saturdays^ — Extra trip at 1:45 p. m.
STJNDATS — 6:BO. 7:38. 8:20, 11:15 a. m.; 1:43.
3:40, 4:50, 5:00. 5:20. 6:10, 6:25 p. m.
•Except Saturdays.
Leave j In Ejff«ct j Arrive
San Ftaneisco.l May. 3, 1003. [San Francisco.
Week I Bun- I Destlna. I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | tlon. { daya. [ Days.
I 7:30 at 7:43 a 7:45 a
7:30 a| 8:00 a 8:40 a 8:40 a
8:00 a 0:30 a Icaaxta. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 2:30 p 6:00 p 6:20 p
6:10 p 6:10 p 6:20 p 7:25 p
7:23 p
7:30 a 7:30 a 7:45 a 7:45 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Novato, 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma, 6:20 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 2:30 p and 7:25 p 7:25 p
5:10 p Santa Rosa.
7:30 a 7:30 a 10:20 a 10:20 a
8:00a 8:00a Pulton. 7:25p 6:2Op
2:30 p 2:30 p 7:25 p
Windsor. I
7:30 a 7:30 a Healdsburg, 10:20 all0:20 a
Lytton,
2:30 p 2:30 p Geyserville 7:25 p 7:23 p
Cloverdale.
7:30 a! 7:30 a) Hopland. 110:20 sjlO:2O a
2:30 pf 2:30 pf and TJfclah. | 7:25 p| 7:25 p
7:30a|7:30a| Wllllts. | 7:25 p( 7:23 p
8:00 a! 8:00 al Camp Vacation. 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p! Guernevllle. [ 7:25 p[ 6:20 p
8:00 al 8:00 al Sonoma. l8:40a|8:40a
5:10 p| 5:10 p| Glen Ellen. [ 6:00 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 7:30 al 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Sebastopol. | 7:23 p( 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentln; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altraria and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Uey-
serville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers, Booneville and Greenwood: at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs,
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake. Pomo,
Potter Valley, John Day's. Riverside. Llerly's.
Bucknell's. Sanhedrln Heights, Hullville, Orr'3
Hot Springs. Halfway House. Comptche. Camp
Stevens, Hopkins, Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg.
Westport. Usal: at Willlts for Fort Bragg.
Westport, Sherwood. Cahto, Covello, Layton-
vllle, Cummlngs, Bell's Springs, Harris, Ol-
son's. Dyer, Garbervllle, Pepperwood, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 650 Market street. Chronicle
building.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN,
Gen. Manager. ¦ Gen. Pass. Agt.
¦*
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED TO CHICAGO
leaves Mondays sad Tbmdays at t:SO a.m.
Through in $ days with Diners sad all trapping*.
Out other tnlns go at .
7:30am 1 for Stockton, Fresno,
1:30am V Bakersfield. Merced,
8:0Opm ) Hanford, Vlsalla.
4:08pm for Stockton.
8:00pm for Kansas City asd Chicago.
Office. 64 f Market St.. and In Perry
, Depot; 11 12 Broadway. Oakland.
Trains hart Market Street Ftrry.
TO SAN RAFAEL
SAN QUENTIN,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, ETC.
-via Sausalito Ferry
~WEEK~ DATS^(Holldays excepted) — 8 :45,
t»7:45. 8:45, 0:45. 11 a. m.. 12:20. »1:45. 3:15,
4:15, +5:15. «6:15. 6:45. 9, 11:45 p. m.
7 :45 a. m. train week days does not run to
Mili Vailey.
SUNDATS AND LEGAL HOL1DATS— 7.
t8. t*». flO. 11. tll:30 a. m.; fl2 :30 - t*l :30.
2:35, •Z-.SO. 8, 8. 7:30. 0. 11:43 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
Those marked (t) to Fairfax, except 3:15 p. m.
Saturdays. On Saturdays tbe 3:15 p. m. train
runs to Fairfax.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Week days— 6:25. t»:23. 7:40, 8:15, t»:34,
11:05 a. m.. 12:30. 2:20, *3:45, 4:50. 5;30. 0:43,
10:20 p. m.
SUNDATS— «:1B. T:35. t8:10. 9:40, tlO:N>.
111:45 a. m.. 12:50. 2:30, J3:25. 4:40. 15:50.
6:55. 7:35, 10:20 p. m.
Trains marked U) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILi. VALL.ET TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO— Week daya— 6:45. 8:40. 7:45. 8:25,
9:45. 11:10 a. ra., 12:40, 2:45, 4:15, 0:10, 7:05.
10:40 p. m.
SUNDAT8— 6:35. 7:55. 10, 11:10 a. m., 12:05,
1:05. 2:40, 8:45, 4:55, 6:05, 7:10. 10:40 p. m.
THROUOH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m.. week .daya— Caaadero and way
Stations.
5:15 p. m., week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Tomales and way stations.
8:15 p. m.. Saturdays — Cazadero and way
stations.
Sundays and Legal Holidays— « a. ra., Caza-
dero and way stations. . *--;-
Sundays and Legal Holidays — 10 a. m.. Point
Reyes and way stations.
TICKET OFFICE— C2t3 Market at.
FERRT— Foot of Market fit.
+- : : j.
THE CALL'S
GREAT ATLAS OFFER
Will close on September 24,
1903, and all holders of Atlas ¦
Coupons are requested' io pre-
sent them immediately, as this
great opportunity to secure one
of these splendid Atlases at The
Call's premium rates will be
brought to a close on Septem-
ber 24.
¦*!— : ; *i
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains leave and »r« duo to arrive »B
SAN FRASC1SCO.
CMara Llpe. Toot of Mtrfcet Streot > w
ua,tb — Fbom 8»ft»3»b»i» 3. 1303. — imri
7.00a Benlela. Solaan, Klmlra and Sacra-
meato 7-2Sp
7.00a V»t»Tllle, Winters, Ramsey. 7.25*
7.30a M«rtlne», Saa Ramon, Vallejo,
Kapa, CalUtosa, Santa Rom 6 25?
740a Nllei. Llrermore, Lathrop. Stock-
ton 7.25*
¦¦00a XtaTls,Wo<MUand. Knights Landing.
M»rysTllle. OroTllle, (connect*
tt Msryirllle for Grldley. B!gg»
•ndCnlco) 7-83*
1. 00 a Atlantic Expre»»-Ogden «nd Emi. 10.25a
800* Port Cotta. Martinez. Antlocn. By-
. ron.Tr»cT,Stocltton.S»cr«m^nto,
Loa Banoa. Mendota, Hanford.
VlMlla. ForterTnie 4.23*
8.00a Fort Coita. Martinez, Tracy. Lath-
rop. Modesto, Merced, Fresno,
GoRtten Junction, lUnford, VI-
lalla, Bakenfleld 5.25r
840a Ehaat* Express— Davl.». Wtr.tami
(for Bartlett Sprlnirs). Willow*
tFroto, Ked Bluff. Portland 7.68*
8-30* Nllej, San Jose. Llvermore. Stock-
ton.Ionr.Sacramento.P'.acerTlIle,
Mary STllle. Chlco. Red Blnff 4.28*
840a Oakd»ls. Chinese, Jamestown. 80-
nora, Tnolumne and Angels 4 25p
9.00a Martinez »nd Wat Stations 8 55p
1000a Vallejo 12.25*
10.00a El Paso Paasenirer, Eastboand.—
Pert Costa. Martinez. Byron,
Tracy. Lathrop, Stockton.
Merced. Raymond. Fresno, Han-
ford. Vlsalla, Bakersueld. Los
v Angeles and El Paso. (West-
bonnd arrives via Coast Line)... «"|.3Q?
1000a The Overland Limited — Ogden,
Denver, Omaha, Chicago. 6 25c
12 C0m Hayward. Nlles and Way Stations. 3.25?
t1 .00p Sacramento River Steamers f 1 1 .00*
330p Bentcla, "Winters. Sacramento.
Woodland. Williams, Colusa, wil-
lows, Knlsrhts Landing. Marya-
Tllle, OroTllle and way stations.. 10 55a
330p Harvard, Nlles «nd Way 8rat!on«.. 7-SSr
4.00r Marl!nez.San Uaraon.ValleJo.Napa,
Callatoga. Santa Rosa 9 25*
4. 00r Martinez. Tracy.Lathrop.Stockton. 10.25a
400r Nlles, LlTermore. Stockton. Lodt.. 4.25F
4.30P Bayward. Kites, lrvlngton. San I t8.55*
Jose. LlTermore f ti 1 .55a
6.00* The Owl Limited— Fresno. Tulare,
Uakersaeld. Los Angeles 8.55a
600r Port Costa, Tracy, Stockton, Lot
Banos 12-25?
t5 30p Hay ward, Nlles and San Jo«« 7.25a
8-OOp Bayward. Nlles and San Jose 10 25*
B.GOr Oriental Mill — Ojcilen. Denver,
Omaha. St. Louis. Chicago nnd
East. Port Costa, Denlcla. Sul-
sun, Klmlra, I>»vl«, Sacramento,
Rocklin, Auburn, Colfai,
Truekee. Boca, liano. Wads-
worth, Winnemucca, Battle
Mountain. Elko 42Sp
».. Beno, Tracker. Sacramento, Davis,
Snlsnn. Benicla, Port Costa 7.55a
I.OOp Vallejo, daily, except Sunday.... » 7 »,
7.00* Vallejo, Sunday only f #O3
7.00* Saa Pablo, Port Costa, Martinez
and Way Stations 11.25a
8.05r Oregon * California Express— Sac-
ramento, Marysvllle, Redding,
Portland. Pnget Sonnd and East. 8.55a
8.107 Hayward, Niles and San Jose (Sun-
day only). 1 11.55 a
11.25* Port Costa, Tracy, I.athror. Mo-
desto, Merced, Raymond (to Vo-
semite), Fresno, ilanford. Tl-
salla, Bakerafleld 1225p
COAST LINE (Marrow tlange).
(Foot of Market Street.)
745a Santa Craz Excursion 'Sunday
only) 8-10»
|.15a Newark. Centervllle. San Jose,
Felton, Bonlaer Creek, Santa
Craz and Way Stations 6 25?
t2<1S* Newark, Centervllle. San Jose,
Kew Almaden.Los Gatos.7elton,
Boulder Creek. 8anta Cruz and
Principal War Stations ..... 10.53a
4.15* Newark. 8an Jose. Los Gatos and
way station* (on Saturday and
Sunday runs through to Santa
Cruz; Monday only from 8anta
Crnr). Connect* at Felton to
and from Boulder Cr^ek t8.55a
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN ¥RAM'1SCO. Fool of Market St. (Slip*)
— fl:15 *:0O 11:00 a.m. 100 3 00 5.15 p.m.
From OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — t«:0O J3:OO
t8:05 10:00 a.m. 1200 200 4 00 P.M.
COAST LINE (Broad tiange).
tf ( Third ami Townsend Streets.)
6.10a San Jose and Way Stations 6 30*
t7C0* San Jose and W»y Stations 5.38*
7.15a Monterey and Santa Craz Excur-
sion (Sunday only) 8.33*
800a Kew AJmaden (Tues., Frid.. only), 4.10*
8. 00a Coast Line Limited— Stopsonly San
Jose, Gllroy (connection for Bol-
llster), Pajaro. Castrovllle, Sa-
linas. San Ardo, Paso Robles.
Santa Margarita, San Luis Obispo.
Ouadalupe, Surf (connection for
Lompoc). Santa Barbara, Sangns
and Los Angeles. Connection at
Castrovtlle to and from Monterey
and Pacific Grove 10-43'
8.00a Ban Jose. Tres PInos. Capltola,
fiantaCrnz.PaclflcGrove.Saltnaa,
San Luis Obispo and Principal
Intermediate Button* 4.10*
10.30a San Jose and Way Stations 1.20*
11 -00a Cemetery Passenger— South Saa
Francisco, San Bruno 1.05*
11.30a Santa Clara. 8an Jose, Los Gatos
and Way Stations 7.30*
o1.30p San Jose and Way Stations X700*
2. OOP 6an Jose and Way Stations S3 4CU
2.30r Cemetery Passenger — South San
Francisco. San Bruno 4.35*
t3.C0r Del Monte Express— Santa Clara,
6an Jose. Del Monte, Monterey,
Pacific Grove (connects at Santa
Clara for Santa Cruz, Boulder s .
Creek and Narrow Gauge Points) ti2.15*
3.20* Pacific Grove and Way Stations —
Uurllnframe.San Mateo.Redwood.
Menlo Park. Palo Alto, May field.
Mountain View. Lawrence. Santa
Clara. San Jose, i Gllroy. Horns'
ter, Tres Ptnos), Pajaro. Watson-
vllle. Capltola, Santa Cruz, Caa-
trovUle, Salinas 10.45a
4 -30* San Jose and Way Stations 8-3&A
bXO* San Jose, (via Saota Clara) Los
tiatos. Wright and Principal Way
Stations (except Sunday) 9.00a
io-30* San Jose and PrlncIpalWay Stations t800A
16-16* 8anMateo,Beresford,Belmont.Saa
Carlos, Redwood, Fair Oaks,
MenloPark. Palo Alto t9.45*
(.30* San Jose and Way Stations 6.3Sa
74)0* Suniet Limited. Eastboand.— Saa
Luis Obispo, Santa Barbara, Los
Angeles. Demlng. El Paso, Kew
Orleans, Kew York. (Westbound
arrives via SitnJosqulnVallcy)... ir8 2">4
8.00* Palo Alto and Way Buttons 10.15a
11.30* Sonth San Franclaco. Mlllbrae.'
Bnrllngame. San Mateo, U*l-
mont, San Carlos, Redwood, taAOi.
Fair Oaks. Menlo Park. Palo ¦ .5 i?T
Alto, May field. Mountain Vtow. *»••»»
Sunnyvale. Lawrence. Santa
Clara and San Jo»e J
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
X Saturday and Sunday only. $ Sunday only.
I Stop* at all stations on Sunday,
t Snnday excepted. a Saturday only.
« Via Coast Line. <r Via San Joaquln Valley.
6 Reno train eastbonnd discontinued.
Pr-Only trains stopping at Valencia St. son'.hbound
«e»:10 a.m.. t7:WA.*..lt:C0 a.m.. 3:;»r.x. and 6:30 r.M.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave Via aaaatUt* *wtt Arrive
Saa Fran. is* *t Marist St. Ssrn Kran.
Wedt Sw>- Sim- |W<*r
tM43 A .S:OOa *S5«S^2^ 1«.OOn9:15a
l:45i« 9iOOa UBtggMBBT 12:SOp3:3Op
5:15r 1O:OOa WilviwCT 3:3(>p 5:5Or
____11:3Oa \fSSS' a.3.%,
, 2j33p 8:OOp .
satwfays fitly, lsaw Trrgn T 9;3Or.tmnSJ. il;3O»>
tJCUT I 828 Maxuct St., (North Shore Railroad)
UtiSD I wad Saosauto PsatxY Foot Markst St.
The Weekly Cal
SI per Year*
SAUWAT TRAVEL.
"They are all ~l|pH||
Mind-readers" i^^
•- 1 "It is doubtfnl If such kindness JMJ
' and courtesy can be met anywhere ,,0 " ¦ * I
else as is shown by the rail-
road employes on the through .-^-3^
trains west of Chicago. They ¦ -* A vSmSHIS'^-V*/
ire all mind-readers. All you ha»9 -»;A tw^sS^jSeC**- c \
to do is to look a little anxious tnd XfS^y^aftifrs. O\ V
gomebody will immediately »ol- -v\ UJL'J.'L.. . . .. t.. L
unteer the exact information you ->V^V MTil l'JJl.7-~ . . Q WbMiE.
need. You are Rooked after lilea a ,->^V T^-^ijreTlff jfelinl FrT^ttJtiV?* ~
This letter was writ- AX^i&£^^£
ten by a lady who made V.
the trip across the continent in — _ -^ s
a Rock Island tourist sleeping
* car. All that it is necessary to add is that these cars
leave San Francisco via the El Paso-Rock Island
Route; Wednesdays, Saturdays and
"Q^tflfl85T?ffWlTF Sundays via the "Scenic" line.
llVJjjljjIiliiiLiI Folders girlnz full information can be had at any
Southern Pacific ticket ofice, or by addressing
f^ftW*OT™yPI F< w - Thompson, G. W. A.,
¦Bf^fTSH 633 Market St., San Francisco, CaLTHE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1903.
36
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
A HOMESTEAD— 19-room house, with »tabl«
and outhouses: lot SCO to 45O frontage by a
depth of 30O feet: near station: suitable for
a flrst-clasa boarding-house; terms.
Also 7-rqom house: lot 50x204; between
both railroads; near Grand st. ; a bargain.
Also 7-room house on Morton St.; between
station; lot 5Cx2C0; a bargain.
A. R. DENKE,
1400 Webster st..
; • Alameda.
DELAXOY-RANDLETT COMPANY.
Our Laurel-st. tract is the finest bay shore
property tn this city.
The bungalow Is nearly completed. Don't
fall to -ee it.
We will build any style you may deslrt,
DEXANOY-RANDLETT COMPANY.
1336 Park St.. Alameda.
— — — — ¦ — — — ¦ — — — — — — — — — — ¦— » — — — -^
ALAMEDA ROOMS.
CENTRAL ave.. 1541. Morton station— Newly
furnished sunny rooms with board.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS .
11ERK£_Y HEAL ESTATK.
$300^ — 3-ROOM house, stable, wagon shed,
chicken-house: lot l)Oxl_; *.? block to
cars: good chicken ranch.
$300 — 3-room cottage; handy to cars; room*
hard finished; high basement; patent toi-
let; street work complete; small cash
payment; balance $10 per month.
JSOO — .Store and 2 rooms; fixtures; electrlo
lights; fine location; large lot; street
work complete; §2oO c_h. balance $10
per month. •
$1500- — 4-room cottage; well; basement; larg%
lot; $30O cash, balance $14 per month.
$1600— Handsome 5-room cottage; basement/
large lot; handy to cars; |2u0 c_h, bal«
anre $17 50 per month.
$2000 — Fine 6-room house; street complete*
close to cars; fine location; $300 casnl
balance *2u per month.
$CCOO — S-rooms; one of Berkeley's finest
houses; 2 toilets; gas and electricity;
splendid location.
$4000 — 4 lots and cottage of 4 rooms an-1 on«
of 2 rooms, to exchange for a ranch of
equal value; street work complete: easy
terms; will take horse and -- seated sur-
rey as first payment on a lot.
W. C. MORAN, Lortn Stailon. or C. C
EMSLJE. Ashby station.
ALL£N & ELLIS' SPECIALS.
Berkeley is having Its full share of prosper-
rty; with an active demand for property at
good values, yet. on account of removal, sick-
ness or other urgent cause, we occasionally
have a lot. or bouse and lot, which «»n t>«
had at a low figure. "We now have some very
good chances ln this line. Look at these:
$700— Corner lot; paved streets; east of Shat-
tuck; south of Cedar.
$800 — A good lot: finished streets; east of
Ellsworth: nortli of Parker.
$1000 — 3 lota; paved streets; only 3 blocks to
the campus.
$2GS0 — 6 rooms; nearly new; only 4 blocks
from the University of California.
$2750 — Nice 7-room house; nearly new; finished
street; near ferry line.
$3000 — 7 rooms; new; nice; sightly situation;
convenient to University of California.
$5000—8 rooms; elegant modern homo; large
lot; choice location.
$Z>ZQQ — 10 rooms; handsome place; nearly new;
corner; finished streets; large lot; can ba
subdivided.
$6750 — 11 rooms; large "and handsome parlors;
strictly up-to-date; to the queen's taste.
ALLEN _ ELLIS. 2123 Center st.
$2000— HOUSE of 5 rooms and bath; near "
Santa Fe R. R. '
$2500 — House of 5 rooms and bath; large lot.
$2500— House of 6 rooms and bath; Telegraph
ave.
$2400 — House of 6 rooms and bath: sunny side
of street; near North Berkeley Station.
$3000— Bonnie little home near the hills- ho_e
of 5 rooms and bath; Jot 100x135.
$3500 — New house of 7 rooms and bath; near
the station: a thorough bargain.
$6500—6 acrea of land with cottage house.
large barns; only 15 minutes' walk from
station.
$7000— A new house of 8 rroms. furnace, etc.;
fine corner lot.
$6500 — Here's a chance to make money fine
corner lot. 135x100, and good house of 9
rooms: street work all done; only 2 blocks
from station.
JOSEPH J. MASON. Real Estate.
Berkeley Station.
$1600— COTTAGE. 4 rooms, bath, high base-
ment; nice garden; fruit trees; lot 40x110,
$1900 — Cottage, 5 rooms, bath. Urge hall; nice
garden; fruit and berries.
$2350 — Beautiful new bungalow. 5 large rooms,
bath, pantry, laundry, etc.; white cedar
finish; all modern appointments; you wtU
want it if you see It.
$2400— Fine bargain; modern house, T rooms
bath, laundry, etc.; lot 60x133; close to
station, stores, etc.; a genuiae snap- $200
cash.
$3000— Splendid opportunity: new. up-to-date
home; 9 rooms and bath; large lot: close
to station; fide location; a little cash and
monthly payments takes it.
H. D. IRWIN.
• Lortn Station. Berkeley.
LAWTON - ALBEE'3 Special Bargala* la
Berkeley Homes.
4 rooms, largs lot, central $1SCO
8 rooms. large lot. south frontage 1830
6 rooms, new, close In. modern 2625
5 rooms, new, modem, Lortn 2800
6 rooms, new. bet. Tel. and Shattuck.. 3350
8 rooms, new, polished floors 4000
14 rooms, Durant ave.. central.......... 650O
0 rooms, new. sunny corner. ........... eooo
10 rooms. Durant ave.. central..... 7300
"We have houses In all parts „ Berkeley.
$1500 and upwards. Just now we have som«
excellent bargains ln residence lots. 2139
Center st.
CHENEY — BERRY.
$2373— Big snap; 50x130; on Bancroft way.
near Telegraph ave.; everything done.
$300 — Lot on Parker st., near Grove; caca4-
amized; any old terms.
$3330 — Coxy home. 6 rooms and bath: aaopla
lot: sunshine; view; just th« place; $300
lOVIi
CHENEY & BERRT.
P. O. Block. Berkeley Station.
A DESIRABLE country home at Walnut Cree'*.
Contra Costa, County. California: nv« lot*. 50
xl40 each: house with 3 bedrooms, kitchen.
pantry, china closet, washrooms, bathroom,
etc.; hot and cold water m house; two wells,
windmill with 5000-gallon Unit; chicken-
house. S varieties of grapes. 2 flg trees. 4
plums. 3 apples, 4 peara, 12 English walnuts
(bearing). 22 softshell almonds. 50 English
walnuts to graft this year, large variety of
flowera and nice lawn; barn holds 40 tons ot
hay and 6 horses; price $4300.
W. J. MORTIMER A CO.,
2123 Center St.. Berkeley. Cal. ,
$4000—3 ACRES, near university: grandest
view ln Berkeley.
$2400 — 6-room cottage, near station, car* and
school: lovely location; lot 43x133.
$1600— «-room cottage; lot 40x100; short dis-
tance to North Berkeley Station.
$2400— 7-room house; stable, windmill and
tank; lot 40x130: a snaD.
L. J. MORAN.
2131 Shattuck ave.. Berkeley Station.
WHEN you come to Berkeley again you will
flnd the best bargains ln town in our new
office ln the Fink block, 2123 Center st.
We are making a special run on lots by
the half acre back of the university grounds:
also on fine building sites in the sightly
"Wheeler Tract and Daley's Scenic Park, near
the university.
"W. J. MORTIMER _ CO.,
Successors to
. MAY A MORTIMER.
FINE chicken ranch property; close ln; near
car line; a snap.
$20OO — Good store building: lot 37:8xlOO* good
location to start a business.
... n LITTLE & WOOLSET.
2110 Shattuck ave.. Berkeley. Cal.
FOR sate — Choice properties, improved or ua-
tmprovad. for reoidence or business, in all
parts of town. Call or write for particulars.
»,£ RA * C1S MERRIER. Real Estate.
2121 Shattuck ave.. opp. Berkeley Sta.
F %7J*™ Oc .k ! ! °? s I2 und ln Berkeley. Cal.. for
$iy.»)ix>; tnia Is the amount of indebtedness
on the property; a good Investment and In a
section of growing values. Inquire of W. N.
RUSaELL. 301 California St.. rian Francisco.
B ? A tV«n^ Fl ir > ""J 1 " °. f 14 room3 - ln chotc « <•>-
«^r« f , ? dCra llB P«we-en_: corner lot.
mav^£U "i^L WOrk a!l done - BOARD-
MAN BROS. A CO.. 138 Montgomery st.
11 .^ C , RE^T> ad » j fJL n A n , 1ir unlvenlty. whole or «M*i-
. sions. DR. MOUSER, owner. 707 Bush, «. T.
TtEAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR »ALg.
FOR SALE—A fine 9-room house on «»«
residence block on Howard st. : every room
sunny; fine carriage house: Ple^y °£ I ,?7*
shrubbery: lot 71x127:6. Apply L- C. CULL.
Twenty-fourth st. and Potrero ave.
I3100--ARGE corner lot. 60x110; ~>fcsUr •*•;
near Filbert; ready to *»"*"? :«°2*!r
flats; must sell; see owner. 3009 Buchanafi
A TWO-STORY house of 6 rooms and bath, gas
and water; modern Improvements; grand ma-
rine view; on Sutro Heights, near Cliff
House. Apply 410 Forty-fifth a.ve.
$2800— RENT $30; S flata. 4 rooms each on
Vallejo st., near Leavenworth. Inquire ll-s
Vallejo st. I
FOR sale — House 8 run.; high basement: sunny
side 10th. bet. Valencia and Mission; no reas.
offer refused. Stephens & Co.. Unlon-sq. Mkt.
FOR SALE — Cottage of 7 rooms, bath. 27
Ford St.. b«t. 17th and 18th; lot 25x114.
REAL KSTA'l'K — Country— V or S»le.
A MODEL home in Napa. the Ideal residence
and business city of California: corner lot.
44x100 ft. ; new (never been occupied) and ex-
tremely attractive cottage, having every pos-
sible modern convenience and most durable
and artistic finish; containing C large rooms
over a fine 7 ft -foot basement, bath and wa-
ter closet separate: pantry, washroom and
trays, 3 large closets, beautiful mantel, grate,
electric and gas, callbells, perfect sewerage:
cement walks, lovely grounds, enchanting
surroundings, elite neighborhood and unsur-
passed location; it la in every respect really a
rare chance, simply couldn't be beat, but,
owing to peculiar circumstances. Is offered
at the low price of $4200, on terms if desired.
N. D. SICKELS, THE LAND AGENT. 6
Geary St.. San Francisco.
SONOMA CO. — For sale In subdivisions to suit
purchasers and at reasonable figures; prune
orchard, vineyard, etc.; close to two rail-
roads and water transportation; cheap freight
rates and fares to San Francisco.
Santa Clara Co. — 62 acres of splendid orchard
land, mostly in full-bearing prune trees; clo»e
to San Jose: will subdivide Into 10 or 20 acre
tracts; plenty of water: prices low.
Close to Santa Clara foothills and near rail-
road station — Splendidly improved 65-aere fruit
ranch with fine residence; all selected fruits:
plenty of water; an ideal home; this property
can be bought at a large sacrifice to owner.
BROARDMAN BROS. & CO..
138 Montgomery st.
10 ACRES fronting on San Leandro road, 2
blocks out of San Leandro: elegant buildings,
fruit, flowers, etc.; all ln fine condition;
$18,000.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT CO..
Frultvale. Alameda County. Cal.
20-ACRE fruit ranch tn Placer County; fine
climate; Ideal home; rabbit-proof fence; good
four-horse barn; 3-room house"; aU planted
In best variety fruit: 16 acres ln actual bear-
Ing; will sell cheap on account of owner's
leaving country. Apply to WALTER E. LO-
GAN. 1118 Broadway. Oakland.
GO up Sunday on the cheap excursion to Napa
and look at that ranch for $1000. which we
must sell; it Is a bargain; fruit trees, house,
barn, etc. U
McEWEN BROS.. 118 Montgomery st.
WANTED— Party to handle 12.C0O acres of oil
lands. Sunset district. Kern County: produc-
ing wells adjoining. THE MCCARTHY CO..
CtO Market st. y
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; Inspected bargains; monthly cat**
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 643
Market st. .
ALFALFA our specialty; best alfalfa land at
$20 per acre; ditch and artesian water. P. It.
JORDAN CO., 116 Montgomery at.
$S00 — ALMOST new 4-room cotage. Elmhurst:
Fmall cash payment, $7 60 monthly. OSCAR
HEYMAN, 14 Post st. '
8% ACRES improved chicken ranch: a bar-
gain. Mrs. Molatt. Cotatl. Sonoma Co.. Cal.
SAX MATEO REAL ESTATE.
SUBURBAN HOMES
AT SAN MATEO PARK.
SAN MATEO.
Beautiful home lots, averaging about 1 acre
each, in San Mateo Park, the finest suburban
i evidence property near San Francisco; this
property, the famous Clark Tract, held for over
42 years by the same owners, recently subdi-
vided into cottage, bungalow and villa home
sites with wide and winding avenues; bor-
dered with thousands of costly shade trees
ami comprising the most desirable of all the
eligible home sites ln beautiful' San Mateo.
Suburban electric trains now running every
20 minutes from San- Francisco for San Mateo
These villa lots will be eold on terms of one^
third cash, balance In one and two years.
For maps, catalogues and full particulars
appVy to or address BALDWIN & HOWELL.
Real Estate Agents 25 Post St.. S. F. or
FRANK S. GRUMMON. San Mateo.
San Mateo office open Sundays.
SAN MATEO. T *~~
\ BURLINOAME.
Best suburban home near San Francisco; no
ferry; electric railroad ' now running; lots and
residences for sale. We can sell good lots as
low as $500 each. We will be glad to show
them. We also have some acreage land near
by as low as $100 to $200 per acre.
TO INVESTORS. k
We have sevrar large tracts suitable for sub-
division. We Invite Inspection.
McAFEE BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery St.. San Francisco. Resident
Agent. S. O. GOODHUE. Western Union Tel-
egraph Building. San Mateo. t
M—Z7— OC—TO CO. SEAL —STATS.
MENDOCINO COUNTY.
HEALTH AND PLEASURE RESORT AND
HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS.
SURROUNDED BY 360 ACKE3
REDWOOD TIMBER.
For sale by
MeAFEE BROTHERS, 108 Montgomery st.
POIXT HICHMO.VD REAL ESTATE.
WATER front lots and bargains; all tracts;
maps, photos, etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bid*.
REAL ESTATE TO EICHASCK.
DEAN & MITCHELL.
952 Broadway, Oakland.
For exchange, a fine home ln Berkeley for
Oakland home of near equal value.
$3000 — Two-story house of 7 rooms, all mod-
ern; windmill and tank; lot 3Sxl38; corner Vir-
ginia and Walnut sts.
$5500 — 1%-story 9-room house; all modern;
bath, electrlo lights, barn, etc; lot 100x100;
Pine st.
We sell and exchange city and country prop-
erty.
FOR EXCHANGE. ~ '
A RARE CHANCE^
Modern 7-room house, lot 45x150. on Ala-
meda ave.. between Morton and Willow sts.
for a vacant lot ln Western Addition In San
Francisco, or for sale on easy terms.
Apply to A. R. DENKE.
1400 Webster St.. Alameda.
OWNER of choice Berkeley real estate would
like to exchange for some ln this city. Ad-
dress box 4148. Call offlo.
EQUITY ln Oakland business property: lncoma
$155 per month. Box 1717, Call.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
BARGAINS. BARGAINS. BARGAINS.
ALAMEDA REAL. ESTATE.
EXCEPTIONAL GOOD VALUES.
SPECIAL BARGAINS OFFERED THIS WEEK
J1S30— Fine 6-room cottage; lot 40x138.
$2500 buys 5-room cottage; lot 50x159; a snap.
$2300 — 6-room. 2-story house; lot 33x167.
$35C0— Elegant 8-room. modern 2-story house -
j. new; all latest Improvements; lot 33x125-
$3500— 7-room colonial house; very desirable.
*1500j-*-room, 2-story house; Grand st.; best
* 5200^ A ;£J reat ba ~* in ". *<> rooms and bath- lot-
60x150; corner lot; shade trees and flowera.'
Make an offer.
To sell or to exchange.
The finest corner in Alameda; lot 75xTS7- .1.
gant house of 12 rooms; 'one of thf fl*^
residences ln Alameda. • nen
Cost originally $22,0007^
Will be eacrlflced.
No reasonable offer refused.
Must be sold.
HOMES AT ALL PRICES.
HOUSES BUILT. RENTED AXT> UN-
CHANGED EX '
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
1500 Park St.. Alameda: tel. Grand 1481.
$3600— NEW two-story 8-room house: electric
"Kht-.—nd gas- throughout; handy to
school and station. "— ray i o
Two-story 7-room house; lot COxHS; price $2400.
ADAMS _ CO
Umtrfr.nr. » » Bay-it. Sution.
Broadgauge R. R. - Alameda.
REAL* ESTATO---C1TY--FOR SALE.
LYON & HOAG.
116 Montgomery Street.
~ r \- - ¦ . ._^___ -
Send for our printed list of property for sale
In all sections of the city.
MISSION-ST. INVESTMENT.
$10,500— Mission st., close to Twenty-second;
large lot, 60x122:6, with good improve-
ments, consisting of buildings contain-
ing store and flats above; also improve-
ments in the rear.
GREAT BIG INTEREST.
$4,600— Rent $52; store and flats on Shlpley-
st., near Sixth; good building, brick
foundation; new plumbing; always rent-
ed; can't be beat as a good, substantial,
interest-paying property.
llfl.BOO— Rent $147 50; 3 new flats of 7. 8 and
8 rooms each; modern throughout: well
located: not far, from the corner of Post
and Octavia sta. >
SUTTER-ST. INVESTMENT/
$40,000 — Rent $375; a. swell apartment house,
containing 12 4-room apartments, with
bath each: this Is undoubtedly one of
the very best Investment properties of-
fered for sale to-day; will always pay
splendid Interest: extra large lot.
A MISSION RESIDENCE.
$4,000 — A 2-story bay-window house of •
rooms and bath, with stable, on Nine-
teenth St.. near Valencia; lot 25x100.
A FORECLOSURE SALE.
$2,200— $400 cash, balance ln easy monthly
Installments: Sanchez St., near Twenty-
eighth; a 2-story butldlng, containing
2 flats of 6 rooms and bath each; rent
$17; must be Fold at once.
ANOTHER BARGAIN.
$7,750— Grove St., near Buchanan: lot 26x120.
• with 2 flats, rented for ?50; lot has dou-
ble frontage and plenty of room for an-
other buiiaiug on rear street; worth
more money.
\ O'PARRELt-ST. RESIDENCE.
$3,000— O'Farrell St.. near Buchanan; lot 25x
90; with a good 2-story hq,use of 8
rooms and bath; rent $40; a good in-
vestment; land alone worth nearly the
price asked.
FLATS CLOSE TO TOWN.
$1,000— Polk st.. near Vallejo; 2 good flats, 4
and 5 rooms and bath each; rent $31; a
fine buy; good neighborhood; close to
town: hard to beat this.
GOOD WESTERN ADDITION COTTAGE.
$3,700— No. C6 Carl St., near Cole; new cot-
tage; 4 rooms and bath; built one year;
rooms all large; brick foundation; high
basement.
$3.500 — Fifteenth st., near Howard: biggest
bargain on. the market; splendid 6-room,
and bath "house: good location; low
price; must be sold at once; owner
leaving city. %-:¦.*¦
TAKE YOUR WIFE AND FAMILY
TO MILL VALLEY ON SUNDAY.
And see the splendid lots we are offering
right at the station for $400; terms, 10 per
cent cash, balance $10 monthly; large lots,
60x125; the new electric trains are now run-
ning, the best service in the country: you
will have a pleasant outing and if you buy
a lot it will prove a very profitable one.'
ValueB are bound to Increase; agents on the
grounds Sundays.
LYON & HOAG. 116 Montgomery st.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
10S MONTGOMERY BT.
CHEAP CORNER.
South of Market, east of Eighth St.; lot 75x
75; store and flats; rents $87 50 monthly; price
$11,000.
GUERRERO ST.
Two flats and 2 stores; lot 36:8x87:6; rented
for $71; price $7200.
BUSINESS PROPERTY.
East of Kearny; over SOOO square fee;t solid
brick. Iron front: leased for $350 month; rents
can be raised at termination of lease; price,
$00,000.
SUTRO HEIGHTS.
ON EASY TERMS.
A FINE CHANCE.
To secure a beautiful marine view lot over-
looking Golden Gate and the ocean; on main
driveway to Sutro Heights: gas and water in:
street cars pass; the?e lots will «oon be worth
big money; buy one on easy terms; prices only
$350 up to $550; you won't get this -chance
again.
MARINE VIEW RESIDENCE.
On Pacific Heights: splendid new residence
commanding marine view; everything the very
best: hardwood floor; billiard room; 2 baths;
furnace, etc. ;' price $15,uu0.
MARKET ST.
53 feet on Market St., with 2 frontages: old
buildings; rent $152; a fine prospective invest-
ment; price $o5,C00.
FINE NEW FLATS.
Near the park; 4 and 5 rooms; sunny; rent
$38; price $4000.
, LARKIN-ST. CORNER.
\ Fine building corner, 35 feet frontage; mire
to Increase ln value; rents now for $122
monthly; a fine Investment; price $20,000.
SOUTH OF MARKET ST. INVESTMENT.
Fine corner; 6lze 55x80; rent $120 per month;
price, $20,000.
WARM BELT OF THE MISSION.
Cottage of 5 rooms and bath; lot 25x122:6;
price reduced to $2600.
CHEAP LOTS.
Looking into Golden Gate Park, one block
from Stanyan; street to be bltumlnized and
paid for by owner; any size, only $C4 per front
I foot: car line passes; cheapest lots in. the
market. ¦ ...^
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS.
32:7x112:6; on bitumlnlzed street; only $2250;
key lot.
MCALLISTER. NEAR FILLMORE.
North side; 105x137:6; or will subdivide; fine
investment property; price, $24,000.
Send for list of cheap lots In all parts of the
! City. McAFEE BROTHERS,
IPS Montgomery «t.
c! M. WOOSTER CO.] "
C. M. WOOSTER CO..
C. M. WOOSTER CO.,
643 Market street.
$31,000 — Hotel. 40 rooms; 100 feet frontage on
6th st.; land alone cheap for the asking
price.
$7,250 — Two stores and 2 modern flats; rents
$856 per annum; prominent Mission busi-
ness street.
$10,250 — Two flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath;
4 flats, 3 rooms and a storeroom; rents
very low icr $116; lot 25x120, to rear
etreet; near Hayes and Laguna.
$25,000 — Elegant mansion nearly new; finished
in the finest possible manner; on a
large northeast corner, near Golden Gate
Park; lot 37:6x100; no detail conducive
to the health and happiness of the oc-
cupants of this beautiful home has been
omitted.
$50,000 — 34:6x120. to rear street; 46-foot front
on rear street; half block from Grant
ave. and Sutter st. ; downtown retail
business property.
$16.500 — Stores, flats, etc., on a prominent
Harrison-st. corner; rents low for $1650-
lot 66x100; near 6th st. ; a bargain.
$7,500 — 2 new modern flats on Shrader st.,
near Waller; rents $750; lot 25x137:6.
$5.750 — Mission business corner; rents $720;
- 3" stores with rear rooms and modern
flats of 5. rooms and bath; corner lot
60x80; property always rented; this is
the biggest kind of a bargain.
$3,800* — 4 modern flats on Fair Oaks st near
22d; rents $480; lot 30x117:6; In the
heart of the Mission warm belt.
$90.000— Make offer: 3-story building on Cth
et.; 2-story building on rear street
close to Howard St.; rents $G0OO; pro&l
erty In elegant shape; lot 75 feet front
on Sixth st.
$500 per front foot; 56x137:6; on main street
within' 150 feet of Kearny and Califor-
nia sts.
$12.500 — Corner on Hyde st. ; 06x76-**
$7,650— Store, 3 flats and 2 cottages; rentine
low. $600; large corner, 75x114, onSan-
chex St.. near 24th.
$6,000—2 flats and cottage on Grove Bt^ near
Octavia; lot 26x120, to rear street
$3,500—2 modern flats, 4 and 5 rooms and
bath >aclfl ' et - near Leavenworth;
rents $360. \ -
We advertise an entirely different list
of properties in Uhe morning papers.
« CM. ..WOOSTER CO..
' . ' ' ¦ ' I 648 Market st.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
$600 to $1200 — Only graded lots fronting
boulevard, ocean and * park. Unobstructed
view from every lot. Fronting electric cars
Don't miss this opportunity. Easy terms.
$60 to $250— Near ocean and park— $5 monthly.
Oceanslde branch 'office on 49 th ave. and K st
OPEN SUNDAYS. ~.., / .*|'^
SELLING FAST — SEE THEM TO-DAY
$500 to $1000 — New lots in Sunset District!
Graded and sewered, near cars, $10 monthly.
Bunset branch office on 9th ave., near H tt.
$150 to $200— Level Excelsior Homestead lots
near Mlsslon-st. electric cars — $5 monthly.
Choice Richmond District lots, $10 monthly.
$1000 to $3500—4, '5 and 6 room modern cot-
tages. Sunset, Richmond and Excelsior
Homestead. ,A11 bargains!
Easy terms!
BOL GETZ & SON. owners and dealers
Room 64, , Chronicle building.
A BARGAIN— $4250: CORNER LOT, 2 FLATS-
LOT 25x114; 184 CLIPPER ST. SEE
OWNER ON PREMISES.
MODERN home.' Just finished. 9 large sunny
rooms; everything first-class; terms to suit
1320 Castro st., opposite carhouse.
RTCAI. ESTATK — CITY— .FOR SALE.
BALDWIN & HOWBLL.
25 POST ST.
$0,000— Broderlck «t.. nr. Clay: two flats, of
*> e and 7 rooms and bath each; rents
$72 00 per month; lot 25x110. , •
$10,760 — Washington st. : down town; lot 28x
137:6; three flats; fine western ex-
posure; very sunny; rent* $87 60 per
month.
$51,B0O— Devtsaderc-st. business corner; large
lot. 03x100; splendid location and ex-
tra fine improvements: rents $361 60 p«r
month; stores and flats.
$4,650 — York Bt.. Twentieth; lot 26x100;
two flats, of 6 and 0 rooms and bath
each; rents $40 per month.
$4,600— Twelfth ave.; nr. Point Lobos; lot 60x
120; cottage of 0 rooms and bath; laun-
dry; large stable, etc.; mortgage, $2200,
can remain.
$3,500 — Natoma «t., nr. Third; three-story
house; 18 rooms and bath; extra wlda
lot.
$13,800— Folsom st. nr. Sixth; lot 29x165, to
rear street; two stores below, two floors
above; house on Shipley st. of 10 rooms;
rents $01 per month.
$6,000— Lewis St.. off Jones, bet. Taylor and
JWhes; three flats, of 4> and S rooms;
rents $47 —
$6,000— C;ay at., nr. Stelner: opposite. Alta
plaza; key lot. 23x102:814; exception-
ally well situated; abundance of light
and sun; residence of 6 rooms and bath;
splendid lot for new flats; mortgage of
$2500 can remain
$7,500— Union st.. nr. Fillmore: lot 30x100;
two flats of 0 and 7 rooms and bath
each; rents $65 per month
$15,000— Make an offer; largo lot. 65x120 on
Bush-st. corner, ln good neighborhood,
ln central portion of Western Addi-
tion; present t frame buildings of no
value; all I the money's worth in the
land; very suitable for flata; very
sunny.
Except the new sub-
division of home lots
now being offered by
us and known as Par-
nassus Heights. front-
Ing Golden Gate Park,
the grandest recrea-
tion grounds for the
children ln all of Ban
Francisco.
These are Splendid
Lots for Home Sites;
near all the Park at-
tractions. Children's
i v Playground, Aviary
and Buffalo Paddock.
Streets sewered and bi-
tumlnlzed: gas, -water
mains and side sewers
ln; cement sidewalks;
lots ready for building;
go out to-day and see
these beautiful lots; all
Park cars pass the
property.
Maps and full Informa-
tion at our office; also
• gents at our new
office on the grounds,
corner 'Seventh ave.
and H st.: open every
day, including Sun-
days; also Labor Day
and Admission Day.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
25 POST ST.
ZZZZ V
W. J. GUNN.
630 CALIFORNIA BTREET.
(Savings Union Building.)
$2500 each — Union st.: sunny side; near Scott:
2 choice lots, 25x110; basalt blocks; stone
pavement; cheap; Just the location for
flats. ,
$1650 each — Union St., W. of Broderlck: 25x
- 100; ready for building; now the cheapest
lots ln Western Addition; flats will rent
well, being on the sunny side and having
a grand marine view; easy payments.
$5000 — Corner on Broderlck st.; 44x103; marine
view; very fine.
$2400— Webster-st. lot. 27:6x107:6; very cheap;
fine lot for flats.
$7650— Green st.; a grand lot on the sunny
side and having a marine view that is
like a panorama: overlooks the Presidio;
34:4x137:6; situated between two new
beautiful colonial style mansions; street
bltumin'zed.
$3730— Devlsuaero-st. lot, 34x103; grand marine
view.
$2600 for both— W. side Sixth ave.. N. of Lake
St.; 50x120; a fine buy for a builder; a
bargain: graded, macadamized and sew-
ered; adjoining lot Just sold at $1500; the
location Is all that can be desired; a de-
sirable class ox houses going up; can ar-
range for easy terms.
Lots for less than $900 in Richmond district,
with 3 lines of cars; street work done;
this Mile of Tenth ave.; nothing as cheap
as this.
FurnlRhed residence to rent ln San Rafael; on
Fifth ave. ; S'rooms, bathroom; on corner;
very sunny; large lot; garden; will lease
for a year at low rental monthly of $50;
convenient to cars.
W. J. GUNN.
630 CALIFORNIA STREET.
CALIFORNIA -
TITLE INSURANCE AND TRUST CO..
410 MONTGOMERY ST. S
MOVED FROM MILLS BUILDING TO MORE
COMMODIOUS QUARTERS IN
HAYWARD BUILDING.
CAPITAL ONE MILLION DOLLARS.
THE OWNER OF PROPERTY insures his
house against loss by fire, and a failure to do
so would compromise his wisdom ln the eyes
of all prudent business men.
SHOULD THE TITLE to his lot prove
worthless, after his building was erected and
he not be Insured by this company, he would
. be exposed to the loss of both land and build-
ings, a misfortune much greater ln scope than
that arising from fire.
THE ONLY SAN FRANCISCO TITLE IN-
SURANCE COMPANY having a complete lo-
; callty plant or copy of the real estate records,
, constructed especially for insuring real estate
titles like modern plants of New York. Boston,
Chicago and Eastern cities; reasonable rates;
, regular trust company business transacted-'un-
] der State charter;* all matters controlled and
managed by the following
DIRECTORS AND TRUSTEES:
WILLIAM ALVORD,
President Bank of California.
CHARLES R. BISHOP,
Vice Pres. Bank of California.
ROBERT BRUCE.
Of Balfour, Guthrie & Co.
HENRY L. DAVIS.
President California Optical Co.
P. N. LILIENTHAL,
Manager Anglo-Callfornlan Bank.
WARREN OLNEY.
Olney & Olney, Att'ys and Counselors.
CHARLES PAGE,
Page. McCutchen Sc Knight, Att'ys.
A. T. SPOTTS,
Mgr. Cal. Title Ins. and Trust Co
JOHN R. SPRING.
Capitalist. 630 California st.
GET^ ~ *
OFF
THE
TREADMILL.
Stop paying rent; handing money over to the
landlord every month Is like walking a tread-
mill — you don't progress.
Let us help you get a home of your own;
; your rent money will pay for it, and It will be
I Just • as easy as paying rent. You can select
your lot ln any part of the city. We will buy
It for you and build.
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post st.
$1000— LOT 25x145; cottage 6 R. and B.;
chicken and pigeon houses; on the main
San Bruno ave., close to the cars; easy
terms. "¦-
$1800 — 4 R. and B. : lot 76x120; close to cam.
OSCAR HEYMAN, 14 Post Bt.
TWO modern Hats now being built by us In
the Richmond district and within one block
of three car lines; you can buy these fists on
monthly payments of $50; we can rent them
for you for $45; can you find a better in-
vestment? Investigate It. OSCAR HEY-
MAN, 14 Po«t »t.
$650 FOR the whole piece, containing four lot*-
level and ready to build on; one block from
San Kruno road.
21st, east of Castro — Three fine building lots;
easy monthly payments.
Folsom, near Army st. — Level building' lots;
easy terms.
Potrero-ave. lot, near 23d St., -at a bargain-
street bltumlnized. '
$200— Level building- lot near Mission st. and
Crescent ave.
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Poat gt.
$1400 — Modern cottage; 5 rooms and bath- cltv
water; lot 60x100; $150 Cash. $25 monthly
$1500 — 6-room cottage; redwood finish; electric
lights: hot and cold water; easy payments
$1000 — Lot 50x135 on main avenue; $20 month'
$2000— 2-s.tory house; store and 11 rooms- city
; water and well; broad street; maca'dam-
<-T Ized. X34
$2000— Half block by the Santa Fe: $50 month
$1500— Lot for factory site. 221x125. i? 2 '
$2000 — House, 4 rooms, attic and high base-
ment; lot 100x130; street macadamized.
$1000— Corner 08x100 on railroad. $15 month'*'
$1200 — House, 5 rooms; barn; well; macadam.
A60*
$450— Cabin. 1 room; lot 32x125; near station'
CHAS. A. BAILEY. 105U University ave
near San Pablo ave., Berkeley. . '_'
N.K. COR. 10th and. Dolores; lot 128x120 *
Waller St.; 9 rooms, bath; lot 25x110
Pine, near Taylor; 3 new flats, 7 rooms bath
874 Valencia; store and 2 flats;. lot 28x110 *
Sanchez, nr. 16th; 3 flats, 6 rooms, bath each
$2800; Whitney St.; 2 flats, 4 rooms bath. '
$2S00; Whitney St.. new cottage. '6 rooms
bath: easy terms. \ •
$2300; Sanchec St.; 4 rooms: lot 25x100.
$S.">OO; Ftolso* St.; corner store and flat
$1500; Vicksburg st.': lot 25x100.
A PATTERSON, 11 City Hall square.
LOTS north or south of park purchased.^ w
- J. OUNN. 630 California st.
SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Ban FrancUco
Call, comer Market and Third streets; open
nr.'Jil 12 o'clock every night ln the year.
ERANCH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery street
comer Clay; open until 8:30 p. m.
r,PO Hayes Etreet; open until 9:30 p.,m.
C:t9 McAIlisttr street; open until 0:30 p. m.
G15 Larkm street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1241 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
22C1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
1C6 Eleventh etreet: open until 9 p. m.
I09C Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
••pen until 8 p. ra.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2300 Pill—ore street; open until 9 p. m.
REAL KSTATh- CITY — fOM * J^?:
MADISON & BURKE. „„»._,
RKAL 1_TATE AGENTS.
ESTABLISHED JANUARY. ISoS.
30 Montgomery et Opposite Lick House
Sacramento et., between Larkin and Polk, a
ta£u 8 e 8 aud lot 55x118. paying large in-
come; only $16,000 aeked.
Filtoore St.. corner of Geary; 185 feet on Geary
and 1376 feet en Fillmore; the largest
ind finest comer on the market onan>-
business etreet; $40,000; call for particu-
lars.
Jackson Ft. 5<>-vara lot. corner Lyon: an ele-
gant sic— Ir building location: commands ,
gnn'd. unobstructed view and best neigh-
borhood ia city; only $30,000.
?SOOO— To close an estate ; Dolores Ft., near Six-
teenth: 3 houses: rents $<W; large lot;
xnuKt sell immediately; call for particu-
lars.
$6000— Folsom Et.. near First; 25x175; th!s lo-
cation U advancing rapidly-
?9000— Hayes-st. Investment, near Buchanan; 2
buildings; rents $GS 50 per month; ~:«t
120 to rear street. j
{5000 Ueavenworth-st. home, near Jackson; €
rooms and bath; lot 22:Cxl."7:«. ;
$23I>0— Shotwell. near 24th St.; 0 rooms and !
bath; lot 22:3xl22:«.
$2500 — Rents $2S per month: two houses on
Converse Et., near lirjant and Eighth; lot
25x75.
Cheap home: only *?»M; on Twentieth et.. near
Guerrero; 4 rooms and bath; cottage and
lot 23x114.
LOTS
$4200— Steiner st.. near OFarrell; 25x100:9.
$2500 — Lets on Larkln, near Broadway; $100
per foot.
Choice residence lots on Sutter. Post and j
fcttlner fts. in sizes to suit. i
Building lots, northeast corner Golden Gate j
ave. and Baker St.. in sizes to suit.
Prices from *2UOO upward.
MADISON &¦ BURKE.
30 Montgomery st.. opp. Lick House.
NELSON. JOHNSON & CO..
205 Montgomery st., Opp. Mills Eldg.
Must be sold: on a choice sunny corner in
the Western Addition, one block from Fillmore
st we have a new up-to-date building contain-
ing 8 flats, with electric lights, tinted walls,
frescoed ceiling? etc.; the highest rent in the;
building Is $1T7 W>. and as a result these flats |
< annot be idle in the dullest of times. You j
have an assured income of $2172 for only j
M7.500; maybe we can get It for less; the j
owner needs money very badly. j
To close an estate; facing right on a pretty j
fark: cnlv.ten minutes' walk from Market!
and Kearny sts.; Is a handsome lot, 44 feet j
wide and running back to rear street, with « :
light and sunny flats in perfect condition, good :
plumbing, brick foundation, etc.; rented low
for $U«>o; price reduced to $0250.
Pme-rt. residence: choice family residence
of £ rooms and bath in one of the choicest |
sections of the city; liigh basement, large yard j
with garden, etc.; $52C>0 will buy this fine
home.
Two attract iv» flats; Just ten blocks from j
Market and Kearny sts.; very well built, con- )
tainlng r« and C rcoms and bath; rented during ;
dull time* for $<yxj; ea«i!y rented for at least
*'W; price $C300.
EnormoiiF sacrifice: large handsome building
contains: :< modern flats of 7. 8. 8 rooms and
bhth (building cost S11.000 to build); on lot |
•J7 :«".xiix>: on north Fide of one of best car line
ttreets in the 'Western Addition; lot a bargain j
Mt $.Vl00; this property should sell for at least
J12.00", but must be sold and any offer no
matter how ecmall will be submitted.
Ruchanan-st. flats; gr»»at big lot, 31 feet
frontage: best residence block, with 3 attrac-
tive flats. 5, 5, 6 rooms and bath; price $S750.
Steln/r-st. residence: only S2."00; cash needed:
$::. r i00 mortgage can remain at 6 per cent; 8
rooms and bath.
NELSON. JOHNSON & CO..
rn5 Montgomery ft.. Opp. Mills Bldg.
VOX RHEIN REAL ESTATE COMPANY,
013 CALIFORNIA ST.
FILBERT. NEAR POWELL.
$25,000 — 68:9x160 to rear street; four 10-
room houses; renting for $112 M.
MODERN DOWNTOWN FLATS.
*21.0<*) — Mason st., near Pine, running
through to rear street: 4 new artistically fin-
i«h«d flats of 10. 6, <> and 4 rooms, renting for
$1S3 5O per month.
NEW FILLMORE-ST. FLATS.
$9000 — Four new bay-window flats ot 4 rooms
each, renting for $?vo.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS HOME.
{K5(tt — 26:6x»l:8; corner Vallejo and Buchan-
an sts ; well constructed house of 7 rooms and
bath.
WASHINGTON-ST. HOME.
$0000—25x137:0; Washington et., near Hyde;
dwelling of 7 rooms and bath.
MARINE VIEW LOT.
$r.75O — 34:1x103: W. line Devlsadero at., near
<"Irr-en: beautiful marine view and in a rapidly
growing locality.
MISSION HOME.
Mr>00 — 30x122:6; Capp st., near Eighteenth:
"-*tory bay-window residence ot 7 rooms and
bath, renting for $35 per month.
VAN NESS- AVE. BUILDING LOTS.
MxI37:6; west line Van Ness ave., near
Greenwich; splendidly situated for a home or
flats.
UNION-ST. BUILDING LOT.
fH200— 41:6x125; Union at., near Van Ness
ave.
MODERN BAY-WINDOW FLATS.
$4500 — Laguna st., near Union; two modern
bay-window flats; rents $34.
OCTAVTA-ST. COTTAGE.
$2.*.<v> — olx72: Octa\-ia st.. near Union; well
built cottage of 6 rooms; renting for $16.
B. GETZ. ROOM 22. CHRONICLE BLDG.
OWNER AND DEALER.
Ocean Heights and Ocean Boulevard Lots!!!
Xew Level Block on the Market.
All Lot* and Corners Have Grand Ocean View.
First Come First Served.
$100 to $400: Splendid Bargains; $5 Monthly.
18TH AVENUE BOULEVARD LOTS!!!
THE CREAM OF THE SUNSET!!!
LOOK AT THEM YOU'LL LIKE THEM
Elevated — _-rel — Graded — Ready to Build On
On Very Easy Installments.
EXCELSIOR HOMESTEAD LOTS!!!
WARM BELT OF THE MISSION!!!
If Yon Haven't Seen Them Go at Once!
Choicest "Home" Building Lots
Perfectly Level
tlM up.... $5 month.... On Mlsslon-et. car line
J300 to $1200. ...Sunset and Richmond Lots'.!!
New Cottages Easy Terms
feunset. Richmond and Excelelor.
"Buy Direct from Owner" Title Perfect.
JOSEPH STRAUB. 630 MARKET ST.
H O.O00— Western Addition: income property; 3
flats. 6. C. 7 rooms; annual income $1*140;
lot 23x106:3; good investment.
fST.00— Substantial building of 3 nice flaU;
fine location; rents ur.nu.-illy $942.
$2700 — House of 2 flats and attic; basement;
rear house: vicinity Mason and Filbert eta.
f3(MX> — Nice 5-room bay-window cottage, bath,
etc.: brick foundation; elecantly finished in-
terior; parquet floors ; lot 25x114.
D. COFFIN & CO.. pioneer real estate agents
or the Mission, will eeJl you for $100 down
and $20 per month for cottage, 5 r. and b ,
at 2tlth ar.d Castro ets.; $50.') down and J25
per month for new cottage, 5 r. and b.. on
Precita ave.: 51.".<iO down for 2 new flats
Army Ft. D. COFTIX & CO.. 3303 Mission. '
FOR ssle— As a whole or ln subdivisions; 50-
vara lot: south line Union st.. 13":« feet east
cf Pierce; lot northeast corner Green and
Pierce pts.; lot 10K:Cxl37:C feet. Inquire of
CHARLES C. BEMIS. Real Estate Broker
221 Kansoroe et.
HOI-PK FOE. SALE. " " "
There i* one more left of those beautiful
new 7-room houses on Nineteenth pt,. near
Castro. No. 410S; email payment down and
balance in rat-"} installments; owner on the
premises.
NEAT cottage with modern improvements;
terms eame as paying rent. Apply owner,
lumber yard. S.E. corner Alabama and Mont-
«aim ntreets. «
"ANTED— An offer for a house 6 rooms and
bath, brick foundation; lot 25x125. Call at
c:j_ itore touthwect corner Cth and Mission.
ItnXL ESTATS~-CIT Y— -FOR SALE.
O. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery St.,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
$70,000— Mitslon-st. water lot; 45:10xir.7:6;
rents S420O per annum.
$27.500 — Inside Investment; near Pine and Ma-
son sts.; old Improvements; renting for
$1050 per nnnum; large lot; $8525
square feet; a hotel or apartment-
house would pay a handsome rate of
interest on. the Investment; must be
sold to close an estate.
$23,000 — Kents £2250 per annum; flats and
house; Franklin Et., near McAllister;
lot 103 ft. front. '*
$19,000 — Rents ?1SOO per annum; 3 elegant
inedcin flats; sunny side of Sutter st. ;
27:6x112.
$17,500— Rents $1440 per annum; 3 houses;
Sacramento et, insldo of Polk; large
lot; double frontage.
$15,000 — Pnw -educed; an elegant residence:
grand, unsurpassed marine view; 12
rooms rmd 2 baths, etc.; Broadway;
27:0x137:0.
$11,000 — Rents $960 per annum; Folsom-st.
business property; store and 2 flats;
25x60.
$S,000 — On Main st, near 4th and Brannan;
store and 2 flats; '25x100; rents $63(1
per annum.
$7.000 — Near Golden Gate Park; S flats. 6-5
rooms each; built by day's work; rents
$G12 per annum; 25x100.
$6,C50— To close an estate; rents $600 per an-
num; sunny side of Oak St., a short
distance from Market; 2 flats, 6-6
rooms and bath each, boy windows,
etc.; 25x87:6.
$6.500 — Overlooking the Park; corner; lOOx
100; cheap.
; $6,000 — By order of bank: very easy terms;
corner of Valencia st. and Tiffany ave.; ¦
business property; large lot.
$1,000 — Business property on Ninth st; I
store and house; rents $300 per annum;
25x100.
$4,500 — In the Mission warm b«{t, 20th St.:
residence of 8 rooms and Dath, brick
foundations, etc.; 25x95.
$4,250 — Kents $3J»6 per annum; 24th St.; 2
nice flats, brick foundations, etc.; 25x
100.
j $3,750 — By order of bank; very easy terms;
; Market et. ; 2 large building lots about [
: 14r> feet dees.
¦ $3,250^ — Rents $.1!MJ per annum: near Ninth !
and Mission sts. ; 2 houses, 0 rooms and :
bath each, and lot.
$3,000 — Rents $336 per annum; near 24th and
Sanchez 6ts.; IVi blocks from electric
cars and cable road; brick foundations, i
etc.; 29:6x114. !
$2, COO — Cozy Mission home; cottage and lol 1
25x114. \
$2.500 — A snap: rents $216 per annum: York (
St.; 2 fiats and lot 25x90; near Halght t
and Devlsadero sts. (
$1,600 — Rents ?1C8 per annum; cozy Mission I
home; cottage of 4 rooms; near 18th; '
lot 25x100.
$I.I0O— Fair Oaks st; building lot, 25x125.
For further particulars of th^ above, and
for the Real Estate Record containing a list i
of properties for sale in all parts of the 1
city, inquire at our office. ¦ i
G. H. UMBSEN & CO., \
20 Montgomery st.
Real Estate Agenta and Auctioneers.
DESIRABLE sunny building lots; close to
Duboce Park; bltumlnized streets; lots
level and ready to build on; a rare chance !
to obtain a holding admirably situated and '
close to tbe city at a very reasonable price; !
diagram, price and all further particulars
at our office.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Mongomery st.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery st.
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
Of Investment, residence and unimproved prop-
erties will be held at our salesroom. Monday,
September 14. VMS. at 12 o'clock noon
MARIE TABOK ESTATK.
Executor's Sale.
The following three properties must be sold
to close above estate. Subject to court con-
firmation: I
No. 1.
217 Vallejo st.. bet. Battery and Sansome ;
frame improvements consist of 5 tenements;
rents $45 per month; lot 25xS0.
No. 2.
40-50 Rausch Et. bet. Howard and Folsom:
improvements consist of 5 front Hats and 2
rear flats; rents $72 per month; lot 25x112.
No. 3.
224-6 Shipley st., north line. bet. 5th and
Cth; improvements consist of 4 tenements; I
rent. $.¦«• ver month; lot 25x75
MARGARET I.. HENRY ESTATE. I
Executor's Sale. j
24C4 Mission st, • west line. bet. 20th and |
21st; 2-story bay-window residence of 8 rooms
and bath; lot 24x90. Splendid holding to re-
model. Subject to confirmation by court.
CHOICE BUSINESS PROPERTY.
Greenwich st., north line, bet. Daker and I
Lyon; :j desirable lots ln good business block;
27:11x137:0 each.
HAYES ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
581-3-5 Hayes st. and 482-4 Linden ave.- 3-
story and basement building consists of store,
with 4 rooms and bath, large light basement, 2 ;
modem flats of 0 rooms and bath each '
and 3 flats of 3-5 rooms each on Linden ave.;
rents $15."» per month. All ln rood order.
Bank mortgage of $12,000 at 6 per cent can
remain.
LARGE FACTTORY SITE.
415 Fulton st.. south line, bet. Gough and
Octavia; choice large holdinz. with frame :
buildings, splendidly adapted for factory pur- |
'popes; 95:0x200:3, with L 27:CxCS:0 to Grove
st.; two frontages. j
REFEREE'S SALE.
NW. cor. Sanchez and Duncan sts.; lot
S0xll4. Subject to confirmation by Superior
Court.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
11-13 Lexington ave., east line, bet. Valencia
and Mission. 17th and ISth sts."; 2 flats, 4-5
rooms each; rents $-"J0 per month; lot 25x80.
CHOICE WESTERN ADDITION LOTS.
Jackson st., bet. Cherry st. and First ave.;
5 choice lots, level and ready for building*
27x120 each.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
721 Brannan st.. bet. Cth and 7th; improve-
ments consist of store and 3 flats. 6-3 rooms
each; rents *41 per month; lot 25x100
CLARA ST. INVESTMENT
142-% Clara St.. north Jine. bet. 4th and 5th;
3 tenements of 4 rooms each; rents $25 per
month; lot 25xS0.
For catalogue and further particulars apply
to G. H. i;MBSEN * CO..
20 Montgomery st.
F. B., SURRYHNE, ~*~ * j
REAL ESTATE AGENT.
138 MONTGOMERY ST.
$7750 — Reduced from J0000; owner means to
realize; Clay St., nr. Leavenworth; substan-
tial 2-st»ry bay-window residence, 9 rooms
and bath: lot 27x114, through to a small
street; $4500 mortgage can remain If desired;
this is a bargain.
$10.500— Sacramento st.. nr. Webster; 3 hand- ;
some modern flats. 6. 6 and 7 rooms and !
bath each: renting for $S5 per month, which
is low: lot 25xl2S.
$S.VX> — NE. corner on Noe st; close to Mar-
ket: new modern Improvements, now occu-
pied as store, with handsome fiat of 9
rooms and bath above; total rental $75 per
month; lot 27x105 ft '
$7000 — Bartlett Ft., nr. Twenty-second; 2 sub-
stantial flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath each,
and rear cottage of 5 rooms; total rental
$C1 GO per month; lot 40x125; a bargain.
$3r><>0 — Jones St.. nr. Jackson; 2-gtory residence, '
10 rooms and bath; also 2 flats, 5 and 6
rooms; rents $85 per month; lot 47x78.
$0000 — Green st; 2 fine modern flats, 6 and 7
rooms and bath each; rents $50; lot 25x100
$2500 — Fifth ave.. nr. Clement st: nice little
cottage, 0 rooms and bath; lot 25x120; small
cash payment, balance ln easy Installments
If desired.
$3000 — Baker st., nr. the Fulton Iron Works;
lot 74x137:8: improvements consist of 2 good
flats, 6 rooms each, and cottage of 5 rooms;
rents $30 per month; a bargain.
I publish a monthly catalogue, giving particu-
lars of property for sale in all parts of the
city. Get one.
HAWKS _ SKELTON.
Rents Collected and Entire Charge Taken of
Property. /
$13,000— Taylor-st. Investment, near Sutter; lot
22:11x87:6; new building here would
pay well.
$8,500 — Fine house of 10 rooms and large
basement: Grove st., near Flllmore; N.
side; good neighborhood. . !
$9,000 — S. side Washington st, near Baker;
good house. 8 roomi ; sunny garden;
choice neighborhood.
$5,500 — Lot N. tide Post St., near Buchanan:
25:10x90.
$5,000 only for 10 lots on Twelfth ave. and
B St., between Point Lobos ave. and
Park: Twelfth ave. graded: must be
sold as a whole; a good Investment
$6,600 — Lot on Jackson st, near Walnut; 50x
100; will divide; near Presidio; growing
neighborhood.
$5,100 — Let on SW. corner Larkln and Lom-
bard Ft a.: 25x105; magnificent marine
view from every window.
$5,000— Lot on SB corner Larkln and Green-
wich sts.: S0x62:6; elegant view of
city. Golden Gate and - bay. •• .. '
HAWKS & SKKLTON, 323 Montgomery st.
FOR SALE BY
JULIEN SMITH.
Real Estate Agwit. 420 Montgomery st.
Northwest corner
Lot 42:6x73:U $8000
Near Devlsadero and California: level block;
Bmooth etrect; prettiest, sunniest corner on
market; can make the lot larger if desired.
j Northeast corner
Harriton st, near In; over 100* feet frontage;
substantial improvements, store, etc.; rents
$73; must «ell quickly; asking price $8000;
offer desired.
TWO flats. Nos. 1417 and 1419 Pacific street-
price $:{T>00: $500 down, balance $36 per mo
CONTINENTAL BLDO. & LOAN ASSN.,
SOI California st, San Francisco.
FOR BALE TO CLOSE ACCOUNT.
Elegant n*w modern 2-story and other
house. 7 rooms and basement; desirable loca-
tion easy payments.
Uodern cottage. 7 rooms and basement; best
open plumbing;- nicely finished; 1 block from
electric car; terms arranged.
FKLIX MARCUSE. 118 Montgomery at.: or
MENZIES", 252 Clement st
-FOB 8 ALB.
E ASTON, ELDRIDGE^&~ca,
633 Market street.
• — «ui *> (Established 1875.)
$o2,500 — Rents exceedingly low. $2500 per. year;
McAllister St., near Octavia; 0 fine flats
*.„ ,o f 7. 8, 10 rooms; large lot, 60x137 :« ft.
530,000 — Finest business corner on Polk St.,
near Sutter, containing stores and room-
Ing house;. present rents exceedinly low
for J1680 per year; this Is absolutely the
.. '. -^» cnea P e ' 1 t Piece of property on Polk st
$14.000 — Rents $1380 per year; Fell, near Bu-
chanan; 4 swell up-to-date fiats of 6-7
r. and b. ; sunny side of street; largu lot,
50x137:6; permanent investment in pro-
•V«i ««.* res " lv * <l«»trict
$12.500— Finest piece of property on Howard
st; new improvements, etore, 2 modern
flats; should be seen to be appreciated;
prioes on Howard st. will almost double
within the next year.
¦ $9.250— Haight st, close to Market; 3 beauti-
ful flata In best block of Halght st.;
always rented; mortgage ot $4250 can
remain.
$7,000— Jessie st, near Sixth; A fine flats,
•* «™ we11 rated; lot 25x75.
$7,000— Best comer on 18th st ; large store and
.„ ,«„ flat a oove of 6 r. and b. ; rents $65 mo.
50,o00— Sutter and Octavia sts.; well-built cot-
ta Be of 6 rooms and bath. •
J6,00O— -Bush st., near Stelner; improvements
8 elegant fiats in first-class shape, con-
taining 6 r. and b. each; always rented
s at 5750 per year, ehould be increased;
patent concrete sidewalks, street bitum-
lnlzed ; sunny side of street; inspect this
bargain at once.
$5,^00— Rents $624 per year; S fine flatsu mod-
ern plumbing: near 3d and Folsom sts. ;
«>J o l ax75 feet -'
$5,500— Scott St.. near Geary; 3 flats, 6-6-4
rooms; rents very low for $45 per month.
?5,2oO— Greatest speculative bargain ln the
market: Ritch st. near Folsom and 3d
sts.; 4 fine flats and 1 rear house, front-
lng>«n Elizabeth St.; brick foundation,
patent flush toilets; renting for $700 yr.
$5.000— Stelner and Geary sts.; handsome 8-r. j
and b. residence, summer kitchen; spa- 1
clous planked basement, brick founda-
tion, patent flush toilets, modern plumb-
ing; Vx cash, balance easy terms.
$4,500— Kddy st.. near Stelner; elegant 2-story
frame residence, containing 8 r, and b.
prick foundation, etc.; fine large lot,
U7xl00 feet; rented to first-class tenants';
the lot alone almost worth the pur-
. A* chase price asked
$4,000— Oak st, near Flllmore; first-class cot-
» n »™ ta ? e of 4 T -' Pa^ 111 flush toilets; a snap.
$2,800— Big bargain: fine 2-story house of 0
r. and b., gas, high basement, cement
sidewalk, etc ; near Geary and Fill-
more 8tS.
BOVEE. TOY _ CO.,
'¦ REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
117 Montgomery street Opposite Occidental.
$15,000— Clay st. near Polk; 2 houses of 7
rooms and bath each; also rear house*
Income $87 60 per month; lot 42x127 :8Vi-
key lot.
$10,000 — Oak st. near Octavia; 3 good flats of
7 rooms and bath each; lot 30x120 feet;
two frontages; income $70 per month*
rents very low. can be Increased.
$8;i50 — Choice northeast corner; Eddy st,
near Flllmore; impts. consist of stores
.0 r«^ and flata; rents * 72 month; lot 23x100 ft.
$8,500 — If ell St., near Devlsadero; 3 good flats
of 6 and 7 rooms and bath each; rents
$C3 per month.
$5,500 — Lombard st.. near Flllmore: 4 modern
flats; rents $55 per month; lot 26x127:0.
$15,500 — Sutter St., near Buchanan; 4 flats of 5
and 0 rooms and bath each; rents $05
per month; can be raised to $120 per
month: lot 50x137:6 feet
$65,000— O'Farrell st.. near Powell; 3-story
brick and frame building; Income $300
per month.
$21,500 — Washington st. north side, near Lar-
kln st; 2 modern houses of 8 rooms and
bath each; rents $110 month; lot 45:10x
127:8.
$20,000— O'Farrell st, close to Gough ; 3 brand
new flats of 8 rooms and bath each; lot
25x112:6 feet; rents $162 per month.
$25.000 — Pays over 6 per cent net on the ask-
ing price; large 2-story and basement
brick building in wholesale district: lot
61x137:6 feet.
$l,S50 — Walter-st. lot, opposite Duboce Park;
an elegant location for flats; size 25x
125 feet.
$37,500— Geary st., close to Powell; large lot;
old Improvements.
$12,500 — Broadway residence of 14 rooms and
bath; ln splendid condition, throughout;
size of lot 43x124 feet.
$4,000 — Natoma st. near 11th; rents $34 per
month; two good houses of C rooms and
bath each. -
$13,500 — Post St., near Franklin; north side;
2 modern Hats, lower of 7 and upper of
12 rooms and bath; rents $100 per
month; lot over 30 feet frontage.
$900— Lot 82:0x100, feet. NW. cor. Forty-
sixth ave and O st.. Sunset District;
right on Ocean boulevard.
; $4,000 — Tehama st.. n>ar Fourth: rents $30
per month; 4 flats; lot 25x75 feet.
$9,600— Thirteenth St., near Flllmore, close
to Duboce Park; 3 brand new flats of 5
rooms and bath each; lot 25x100 feef
rents $83 per month.
$5,000— Lot S. W. corner Haight and Bel-
vedere sts. ; 'J5X10O; elegant location for
stores and flats. >•
Further particulars of
BOVEE. TOY & CO.. 117 Montgomery st
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO..
218-220 MONTGOMERY ST.
$17,500— NW. cor. Pacific and Sansome sts.;
lot 33x67 ft. more or less: Improvements
consist of stores and flats; monthly
rents $132; mortgage of $8C00 can re-
main.
$6,250 — Mission at, near 20th; 6-room cottage
and store in front; lot 28x122:6 ft.
$4,600 — Clementina St., near Eighth; tene-
ements; 4 tenants: rents $41; lot 25x75
ft. ; always rented.
$13,500 — Stelner st., near Ellis; 8 new flats
Just finished, 6-7-7 rooms and bath;
rents $32 50, $37 60. $37 50; total rents
$107 50; all leased for one year.
$16,500 — California st, near Laguna; fine res-
idence of 0 rooms and bath; large lot,
84:4^x132 ft.; house will readily rent
for $100 per month. . **
$11,000 — Clay Bt., near Buchanan; beautiful 12-
room residence; all modern Improve-
ments; lot 25x100 ft; a bargain.
$22,500 — Corner of Seventh and Natoma sts. ;
frame Improvements, renting for $06 per
month.
Lake et. — Various lots from Thirteenth to
Twenty-third aves., at very low figures;
full Information at office.
$1,750 each — Broderlck st, near- Post; fine
building lots, 25x125 ft. each; ready to
build on; only 3 lots left. ;,
$8,100 — Sutter st.. near DevisaderoN substan-
tial residence; stable; large lot. 69:3Vix
114 ft: or wfll sell 34:3x114 ft. for
$0500.
$15,000 — Bush st.. Inside of Hyde; a Jarge.
substantial residence of 15 rooms and
bath: now renting for $95 monthlv ; lot
27:6x137:6 ft.: mortgage of $8500 at 6
per cent can remain; property must be
sold within 90 days.
Get a copy of our printed list of properties
for sale.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEB & CO.,
Real Estate Agents,
f 218-220 Montgomery st.
FOR SALE ON EASY TERMS.
New. modern. 5-room and bath cottage at 825
Alvarado «t. near Douglass, and close to
new schoolhouse. JACOB HEYMAN CO.,
117 Sutter st
$250 — PARK lots: 1 and 2 blocks from H-at.
electric cars; the great future property.
$100— Park lots near boulevard and Ocean
beach extension of Market st.
$150— Lots close to Forty-eighth ave. and v Ocean
boulevard.
$200— Lots near Twenty-ninth and Mission st
carhouse.
Lots on Twenty-second and Alvarado sts., near
Doudlass; sewered and graded; on easy terms.
$76 — Alvin tract lots; facing Elmhurst; near
railroad station; 10 minutes' ride from Oak-
land.
Homes built in all parts of the city on
easy terms. JACOB HEYMAN CO..
¦ 117 Sutter at.
_________________
211 MONTGOMERY ST.
Third st, near Market.
Will Be Sold This Week.
Corner. 185 feet frontage; over 8230 square
feet ground; rent almost 4 per cent clear with
no leases,
$36.000— Rent $27B a month; Post st, few
minutes' walk from Kearny; elegant, new,
modern building;, big paying; % cash; will
net 11 per cent on money invested.
BURNHAM & MARSH. CO.,
211 Montgomery 8 t.
I HAVE houses and lots at all prices and to
suit all tastes, in all parts of the district;
will sell them on terms to suit your pocket-
book; if you are looking for an Investment,
have new flats paying 1 per cent per month
on the investment. \
If you are looking for a home, am sure I
can suit you.
For the convenience of those who cannot
come at other times I will be at my office
all day on both holidays this week. W. M.
DE WOLF. Richmond District Land Dealer,
1G0O, Point Lobos. corner Fifth avenue. _¦¦¦-.
DID you see in the paper about the great Rock
Island Railroad
Going to make Its terminus at Point
Richmond?
Buy a lot. there now before they double in
value.
SANTA FE TRACT IS THE BEST.
ALL LEVEL. STREETS GRADED.
$5 PER MONTH.
McEWEN BROS.. 118 Montgomery st,
SOLE AGENTS.
HOUSE for sale; near Lick School, Utah st.
near Marlposa; new 3-flat house with 10
rooms and baths; fine, big bay-windows; a
'little alteration In lower flat will make S
' more' rooms; rent will bring $50 per month.
See owner • on premises ; ¦ $4075.
$200— $5 PER month; very nice lot in the Efc-
celsior Homestead; on Naples st.; choice lo-
- cation for a home; very cheap. - McEWEN
BROS.. 118 Montgomery st.THE SAX FBANC1SCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 6. 1903.
37
'__ PAL-mSTBY.
< THE WIFE OF A NAVY OFFICER consulted
MADAM DEVAS. The MADAM found #h»
was ABOUT TO GET A DIVORCE. The
MADAM'S advice to her, was "DO NOT GET
A DIVORCE, nature will free you In five-
months; your husband will die in Africa: do
not get a divorce, and then you will be able
to get a pen.ticn after hia death." In about
five months he died of yellow fever. As she
was still his wife she can now draw a
LARGE PENSION. MADAM DEVAS has
many customers who never make an Import-
ant move without flrst consulting her. and
they TAKE HER ADVICE. Madam Devas
can be consulted at her offlce. No. 2ti Llebes
building. 13& Post st.. dally 10 to 12 a. m.. I
to 5 p. m., and Tuesday evenin<»: Sundays
and other hours by APPOINTMENT ONLY.
FULL PALM READINGS $1 00.
MME. DEVAS— Scientific palmist and astrolo-
glst. Palm readings $1. .Hours 10 to 12 and
1 to S and Tuesday evenings. 139 Post »t.
H JEROME FOSELLI. iclentlflp palmist. £13
Tixiffr »t.. rear O»*rr Phono Waofc .V.I.
rAPKHHAXfilXG. PAIXTISG. ETo"
ROOMS papered. $3 50 up: tinting, painting.
Hartmnnn Paint Co.. 319 3d st.:te».Maln 413.
PBOPERTV WASTED.
ANY kind, anywhere. If cheap and good; send
terms. W. J. WHITE. 28 Montgomery, r. 5.
ROOMS^FOK HOLSEKEEPI.NO"
BARTLETT, 413 — Four large sunny rooms; gas
and bath; unfurnished. $13.
FOLSOM. 525 — Furnished front suite light
housekeeping; $2 25 weekly.
FOURTH. 225 — Nice housekeeping rooms; also
single rooms.
GUERRERO. 548—2 pleasant housekeeping
rooms; bath attached; furnished or unfur-
nished.
— — _^^^____^_________
HERBERT (The) — Sunny apartments for
housekeeping; gas ranges; Just newly fur-
nished. 1530 Polk st.
HOWARD. 710*4 — 3 housekeeping rooms, two
beds; respectable: no transient.
HOWARD. 106:; — 2 sunny connecting com-
pletely furnished bay-window housekeeping
roorr.s; electric lights; others.
KEARNY. 104— Sunny front «u!te: $18: un-
furnlshed; newly papered: no children.
LINDEN ave.. 324—3 nice sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms.
MINNA, 454A — 2 sunny back rooms, furnished
for housekeeping; separate entrance; cheap.
MINNA. 514— Sunny rooms for housekeeping.
O'FARRELL. 274 — Two or three housekeeping
rooms.
PAGE, 29.1. corner Laguna — One or two sunny
rooms. furni3hed cr unfurnished, with gas
and bath; rent reasonable.
POST, 600— Front room, furnished for light
housekeeping: $3 per week.
SOUTH PARK, 84— Furnished housekeeping
room and ga3 stove: rent $10 60.
BT. JAMES. McAllister and Laguna — Furnish-
ed sunny suite with separate sunny kitchen;
gas range; ail complete tor housekeeping:
$13 up.
STOCKTON. 1200— Housekeeping: front, newly
furnished: $5 to $12; phone, gas, hath; sunny.
THIRD. 143 — Sunny housekeeping rooms com-
plete; front; first floor; hot and cold water.
TURK. 819 — 3 handsomely furnished rooms;
modern; pri- family; desirable neighborhood.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received «t Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmcre.
APAItTMEXTS TO LET.
"EL MONTEREY." the city's newest apart-
' ment hotel, located on the north side of
Pine St.. between Hyde and Leavenworth; a
superb brick building of Spanish architec-
ture; all the comforts of housekeeping com-
bined with the conveniences of hotel life;
prices very reasonable.
ROOMS TO LET — Fora, and Infarn.
A— THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
115 AND 117 EDDY ST.
115 AND 117 EDDY ST.
MOST MODERN AND UP-TO-DATE HO-
TEL DOWNTOWN; 150 ROOMS; 35 SUITS
WITH PRIVATE BATH; ELECTRIC
LIGHTS: STEAM HEATED THROUGH-
OUT: TELEPHONE IN EVERY ROOM:
SUITS WITH BATH. $1 50 TO J2 50 PER
DAY; SINGLE ROOMS. 75c TO *l : HOT
WATER DAY AND NIGHT. TELEPHONE
SOUTH 1041.
A HANDSOMELY furnished, sunny bay-win-
dow room In private residence, four blocks
from Park entrance, and within easy walk-
Ing distance of Affiliated Colleges. $15; also
large unfurnished room with private en-
trance; gentlemen only. Address box 1703,
Call offlce.
A ASHWORTH
320 MASON ST.. bet. Geary and O'Farrell.
ROOMS SINGLE AND EN SUITE....
..PRIVATE BATH— BOXRD OPTIONAL...
SUN IN ROOMS ALL DAY
A— BRUNSWICK House. 143 Sixth— Rooms
25c to $1 per night, $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or- No. t
Fifth st.) — Rooms. 23c. 50c. $1. $1 60 night:
$1 CO to $10 we«k: house open all night.
ANTLERS, 415 Turk st. — Strictly modern; 4-5
room apartments: fur. or unfur. for h»kp«.
BURNETT. 1426 Market— fold No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rooms, suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms: prices reasonable.
EDDY. 463 — Room for workingman. first floor;
outside entrance; $5.
ELLIS. 837— Nicely furnished front room; pri-
vate family.
ELLIS. 1909. near Scott — Furnished sunny
front room. gas. $3 SO month; gentleman.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 30o
to $1 50 night; $2 to $3 week; reading-room.
HOTEL GRAYSTONB
66 Geary st.: phone Bush SSO.
Centrally located fireproof hotel; elegantly
furnished suites, with baths and singles.
HOWARD, 829 <The Planet)— Rooms, slagls
and en suite.
JESSIE. 363, east U. S. Mint— Furnished
room. |5 per month; large one. 2 beds. $10.
JONES. 919. above Bush — A comfortably fur-
nished i^omjrrlvat^fajnny^reasonable^.
JONES. 10O4 — Sunny front room; every conven-
ience; private home; breakfast served.
KEARNY, t29 — Sunny suite or single; rent rea-
sonable; telephone Black 4446.
MARKET. 1235 — Sunny front suit© with gas
and water: two beds; suitable for two gen-
tlemen: also single rooms.
MCALLISTER. 2<V4 (Alton) — Furnished, larjr*.
sunny bay-window corner room; good for 2.
MISSION. 1203. corner Eighth — Furnished front
room, sunny.* for 1 or 2 gentlemen.
NATOMA. 102, corner of Second — Sunny fur-
nished front rooms; cheapest rent In city.
NICELY furnished gunny room, suitable for a
gentleman. Box 1724. Call offlce.
OAK 20— Sunny rooms, front, back parlor, to
2 or 3 gentlemen or man & wife; reasonable.
CFAP.RELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator: elec. lights; day, week, ma.
RINCON Dlace. 23 — Sunny room with fire-
place; use of kitchen: for man and wife; no
children ; view of bay; 10.
ROYAL House. 128 Ellis— Incandescent lights,
readjng-room. smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor: rooms per night. 35e to $1 50; week. $2
to $8: mentb $8 to $30; elevator on ground
Coot; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
6T JAMES. McAllister and Lagun* — Front
sunny rooms; all new; rery cheap; telephona
Page 5751. ;
SHOTWELL, IS — Sunny furnished room; gas:
$7. :
STEVENSON 423 — Front room with grate and
closet for two. with or without housekeep-
ing; rent $10.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy St.. near Market—
<00 single and family rooms; 33c to $1 night;
$1 73 to $8 week: elevator; electric lights;
reading-room: free bus and baggage.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d st.. near Market —
Most convenient and respectable; 70O rooms:
85c to $1 BO night; $2 to $8 week; elevator:
«lec. lights: reading-room; free bus: baggage.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 FUlmora.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1099
V»!»nela st.
™^ ROOMaiAXDBOAJHtD. '
"bT^VENSrSN~Mansion. J»07 California st,— At-
tractive and sightly rooms; best tabl* and
service: lowest rates.
.VAN NESS ave.. 1714 — Private bonrding-house.
home like, everythlnr flrst class: sunny
suites; single rooms; choice locality; ret.
SUNNY front rocm; every convenience: private
home: breakfast served. 10C4 Jones st.
ROOMS AND BOARD WASTED.
BY young lady, room in vicinity of Affiliated
Colleges: board optional. Box 1711. Call.
Tor Additional Classified Advertise-
ments See Page Thirty-Eight.
MED7CAL Continued. -
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk. nr.Van Ness — Expert
in obstetrics, female comp.;25 yrs. experience.
Ijk. and MHS. OAV1KS and HINDOO HE UBS;
.original method of treatment. 1126 Market st.
DR. KG TOY KEE; 319 Powell »t-.' opposite
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
" AULHAfcHtr. .
Ladles' Imported & tailored hats Just In; call;
" prices low to start them going: frames made
to fit the fac<» MME. DOSCH. 207 Post it.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
SECOND-HAND machinery; we dori't keep it,
we sell it; if you want machinery, call and
see us; if you want junk, stay away; we own
our own goods and don't have to refer you to
a dozen different people to buy It. Some of
. the bargains this week:
A double throw. 4-ln. sue, 3-in. disc
geared pump, in first-class order, ready ¦
to run ? »*>
A "Giant" compressor, good as new; they
make the best; all complete 175
A set of yacht steam engines, 5x7, link
motion, beauties; their pictures are
worth money 200
25 HP. portable steam engine and boiler. 300
Steam jacketed kettle, 250 gals «o
•6 HP. gasoline engines, new ITS
• 2 HP. gasoline engines, second-hand.... 75
20 others on hand; all prices.
54-in. boilers, all complete 330
Well drilling outfit, consisting of boiler,
engine, casing, tools, rods, drills, etc.,
located at Mare Island, f. o. b. S. F.. 500
125 HP. crab claw Corliss engine, located
at Sacramento, f. o. b. S. F 900
73,000 ft. pipe, all sizes, will cut to suit
at same price; pipe is sold here.
3 Hooker pumps (high pressure), each.... 75
Don't wait till you see what you want
advertised; it may not appear. See me last
when you want to sell machinery. My com-
petitors have got all the money? You needn't
to worry where I get mine. I pay cash, U.
S. gold coin.
H. S. WHITE MACHINERY CO.,
130-132 Beale st.
2D-HD. machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc, bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday paper*.
H. S. WHITE M'CH'Y CO., 130-132 Beale St.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair It with elatertte; In rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; goad over old
Iron, tin or shingles; best for ii«*w roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO., 713 Market St.
COLLECTION of shells, butterflies (foreign) an.l
bird eggs and other curios from all parts of
' the world for sale. Apply at 2400 Sutter st.
SLOT machines — Machines of every descrip-
tion, picture, lifting, punching, electric shock
and fortune telling; send for catalogue.
WATLING MFG. CO., 26 Second st,
6 FRESH milk cows, $30 to $40 each; must be
sold to-day. Inquire SAM AFTERGUT,
Mission- road, near 7-Mlle House and county
line.
A — Fine suits, $7 50; dress pants, $2 50. Origl-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 238 Kearny St.,
near Bush; open to 0 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A— $3 60 DERBY and fedora hats, $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny St.. near
Pine; open till 0 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
BICYCLE shop; established trade; well stock-
ed; complete set tools; $500; rare chance;
must go East. Box 820. Call offlce, Oakland.
HOWARD. 668— For sale, $175. 7 well fur-
nished rooms, 4 of which are rented and pay
the rent of house; no dealers.
NEWSPAPER route for sale: fine chance for
the right man. Address N. A. LARSEN,
1715 Pacific ave., Alameda.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 60 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d St., Exam, bldg.; catalog free.
SLOT machines repaired; we have a fully
equipped repair department; charges reason-
able. WATLING MFG. CO.. 20 Second St.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH Aj TvOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
A COLLECTION— 70 Indian baskets, bead
work. etc. Box 1718, Call offlce.
LARGEST runts, best hen pigeons, choice hom-
ers are at 2041 Linden St., Oakland.
FOR sale — Fine steam automobile, in perfect
order. 520 Lyon st.
A FINE 4%-carat perfect white diamond at a
bargain. 10 Sixth st.
A JULES JURGENSEN 5-mlnute repeating
watch; very reasonable. 10 Sixth st.
PAIR 3-karat diamond earrings at a bargain.
10 Sixth st. ¦
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck, 131 Pest Bt.
MILES of pipe and fittings: all sizes. EU-
GENE RILEY & SONS. 109 Vallejo st.
MOVING picture film and sons slides. 100
Montgomery st. ¦ ' -
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market at. .
All bargains ;camp stools and chairs. hammocks,
metal beds,mattresse».J.F.Hotter,712 Mission.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Baclgalupl, 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches,
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont et.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO., 417-423 Sacramento st.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER fe CO.. 110 Montg'y.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— Male R. R. ticket East; answering
state price, description.destinatlon. 41C7,Call.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st.; tel. Jessie 2S51.
A BIG price paid for sealskins: send postal.
25 Stockton St.; phone Bush 484.
™~ ~~ MOXEY TO LOAN.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY, '
601-002-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements: no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly. *¦
Estates =;cond mortgages, undivided inter-
ests assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests In property purchased. , . .
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
HIGHLY' respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, &J
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846
Market st.; tel. Main 1644. Branch, 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; "easy payments; largest business in
46 principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrott bldg.
A 1 per cent on furniture or piano :no removal;
¦ no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 20 Montgomery St.. r. 7.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave..
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000.
AT cut rates on real estate, furniture or piano;
no commission. E W. LICK. 1003 Mutual
Sav. Bk. bid.. 708 Market; (phone Main 816.
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
people on their note.
THE TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelan Bldg.
MONEY to loan on low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds pearls and precious stones bought
at W J.' HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
MONEY leaned to salaried employes. G. W.
MILLER, room 74. fifth floor. Chronicle bldg.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy et.. floor 4.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 038 Kearny.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R.311, Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes wlthou/
indorsf-r. MORRELL. 600 Examiner bldg.
M^'S'CAJL .INSTRU_ME!STS. "
A FEW bargalns ( in slightly used pianos for
Hhis week:
1 Zech, square grand $20
1 Meyer &. Co., square grand $:>0
1 Hallett & Davis, square grand $tO
1 Hazeltcn Bros., square grand $70
2 Stelnway. square grand .•. $150
1 Sohmer & Co., square grand...... $175
UPRIGHTS.
1 Alovan $50
1 Newman $125
• l'Slnger $130
1 Tiffany $143
1 Hamilton • $175
1 Newby & Evans $200
1 Lester .....; $2U3
1 Byrcn Mauzy .....$::uo
1 Sohmer & Co $400
1 Pianola, piano player $150
1 Cecllian, piano player $200
, BYRON MAUZY. 308 Post Bt.
A ' CHANCE tr. get a good piano for a small
sum and men exchange for a better on* by
and by is what we offer you.
Our payments are easy and the. quality ot
the instruments all right. Some as low as
$50. THE ZENO MABVAIS MUSIC CO..
769 Market st.
THE greatest opportunity ever offered In San
Francisco to get a good reliable piano cheap.
Before our removal we will sacrifice any In-
strument for cash - or installments. Call or
write for prices and terms at once. KOHLEB
& CHASE. Established 1850. 30 O'Farrell.
BAND Instruments; F. Besson. Paris, maker.
- Gus Malwald. Agt, Pac. Coast. 278 O'Farrell;
skillful repairing; 2d-hand Instruments told.
MUSICAL IXSTH IfMigXTS— -Con.
A— YOU will not have to pay for special sale
advertising on these bargains. Uprights:
Collard. $37; Sherman & Hyde. $117; Filsher.
$95; Singer, almost new, $1C3; 2 Stein ways,
good condition, large and small size, *lii5.
$325: Chtckering. $-S5. $159: a Heine, second-
hand. $t'J5: slightly used. S237. $305; 1 Heine
baby grand. S725; Krell. slightly used, dark
mahogany. $295. New bargains: Maaon &
Hamlin upright. $285; Behr Bros., mahogany.
$247; Conover. $2«5. Piano players slightly
used from $00 up. Pianos rented. $2 up,
. apply on purchase. Installments, $4 up.
Cash discount If paid in two years. HEINE
PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary St.; largest ex-
clusive piano house of the West; agents for
, the Gabler. Krell. Steger. Heine, Singer, etc.
A SMALL walnut Emerson upright, absolutely
like new. $135. 237 Geary st.
STEIN" WAY upright, left ty private p*rty.
$165; a great bargain. 237 Geary at.
A FEW upright bargains from $70 up. corr.prU-
. Ing such makes as Chlckerlng. Jacobson.
Voie, Sterling, Knabe, Fischer. Schwechtea.
I Weser, Schuman and others; easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 18 O'Farrell «.; no
branches In San Francisco.
AN elegant Sohmcr upright piano for sale at
2220 Howard st.
BARGAIN — Standard make upright; good con-
dition. SCHMITZ & CO.. It. McAllister St.
Unredeemed storage pianos and furniture dirt
cheap. Whltehead's Storage. 1636 Market.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal bteinway upright piano;
perfect order; sacrifice. Keefte's.285 O'Farrell.
BUY direct from the factory and save B0 per
cent. HORNUNG. 21B McAllister «t-
BES1 renting piano In city for $3 per month.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO., 560 Hayes st.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy planes. Ceclllan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-31t Post at.
'• PERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. 37
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Tho Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In th«
United States or Canada one year for }1.
po^tn^i* raid.
AXD onG ASS.
PART of our list of bargains in second-hand
pianos for September, 1U03:
Original
Price. Now.
1 MAJESTIC—
Walnut case, medium size. 7 1-3
octaves, three pedals, full swinging
music rack, latest design, good con-
dition $350 $223
3 EMERSON'S—
Two in walnut cases and one In
oak, small size, carved panels,
three pedals, 7 1-3 octaves, fine con- ¦
dltion. each 375 223
1 FISCHER—
Mahogany case, large size. 7 1-3
octaves, fine condition, thoroughly
renovated, cannot ba told from a -
new piano 375 225
1 RICHMOND—
Mahogany case, large size, lateat
style, three pedals. 7 1-3 octaves,
mandolin attachment, almost new.. 300 240
1 C. A. STONE & CO.—
Walnut case, medium size, full
swinging music rack, thoroughly
renovated and equal to new 350 250
1 ESTEY—
Walnut case, medium size. 7 1-3
octaves, in good condition 400 250
1 BRUENN—
Walnut case, cabinet grand, 7 1-3
octaves, .thoroughly renovated and
equal to new 430 260
Complete list furnished on application at
our etore. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Corner Kearny and Sutter sts.
LOFTS TO LET.
LOFT to lease— «6B Mission St.. NW. corner
of Annie; light loft of 4000 square feet; pas-
senger and freight elevator service: will leaa*
for a term: rent reasonable. SHAINWALD.
BUCKBEE & CO.. 218-220 Montgomery st..
Mills building.
OFFICES to rent In the Press Club building.
-123 Ellis Bt. ; modern, sunny and light; elec-
tric elevator service, etc.; suitable for pro-
fessional men. SHAINWALD. BUCKBEB
& CO.. 218-220 Montgomery st.
$17 50— STORE and 3 living-rooms; 538 Sixth
St.. near Bryant. JACOB HEYMAN CO.,
117 Sutter at. ¦
MODERN store, centrally located. In Vallejo.
N. F. ROBINSON, 1250 Church st.. San
Francisco.
PART of store; suitable for electrician and
locksmith. 642 Waller st. *
STORES \VA.\TKU.
WANTED — Storo suitable for bakery and con-
fectlonery. Address box 4163. Call.
PERSONALS.
WE would like to put a copy of The Advertis-
ing World into the hands of every person who
keeps any kind of a store; every newspaper
man, every advertising writer, every person
interested In business of any kind; we send
sample copies free on request, and the paper
usually makes frlemis for itself at first sight.
It Isn't made to be pretty, but to be helpful —
and its circulation of 23,000 (biggest of its
class In the world) shows that It is helpful.
May we have your address? The Advertising
World, Columbus, Ohio.
A GRAPHOPHONE free with two dozen rec-
ords. Make your friends a present. Talking
machines and records of all makes ex-
changed. We are manufacturing headquar-.
ters end our guarantee means something.
COLUMBIA PHONOGRAPH CO.. 123 Geary
St.. S. F., and 468 Thirteenth st.. Oakland.
A— FACIAL BLEMISHES REMOVED.
Wrinkles, yellow and flabby skin, birthmarks,
smallpox plttlngs and scars scientifically re-
moved without cutting, massage, electricity or
medicines; special demonstrations this week.
Call or write DR. L. WILLIAMS. 371 Geary.
EPEC1 AL— Reduced for the month only, homa
treatment that you can use at your own
home, removing wrinkles, tan, freckles, leav-
ing skin clear and smooth: to be had only at
my* office. Call or write M. ELLA HARRIS.
761 O'Farrell st.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves Its growth;stops falling;cures dandruff
and Itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanres scalp;at druggists', hairdressers' ;ac.
cept no substitute. Star RemedyCo..3S5Geary.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
I ¦ carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowes;
. rates. Geo. Matthews. 709 Fifth 8t., Oakland.
NOT how cheap, but how rood. Is the motto ot
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard, the sewing-machine of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, agent. 1021 Market at-
PHYSICIAN. 16 years' experience, cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit. Calf or
address Central Pharmacy, 251 Grant ava.,
corner Sutter st.: fee moderate.
MARRIAGE directory free to all; pay when
married; new plan; send no money. For par-
ticulars address H. A. HORTON. dept. 143.
Tekonsha. Mich.
FOR 4 cents ladies can learn how to improve
complexion and enlarge bust measure 5
Inches. MAMMALENE CO., P. O. box 2013,
San Francisco.
INFORMATION wanted of whereabouts of
AUGUST HUCHARD." by his mother. ADE-
LINE HUCHARD. 1101 Stockton St.. S. W.
\ DANCING . Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonia Hall, Howard
1 st.. near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
AT less than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers, at CHARLES LYONS*. London
Tailor, 721 Market St.
THE highest price paid for ladles' or gents'
cast-on* clothing and all articles of value at
WEINBERGS. 114A Ellis st.
ELEGANT suits on easy Installments; 50 cents
and up per week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mar-
ke^»t.. between Seventh and Eighth.
HAIRDRESSING in all branches taught: $5 for
2 weeks. Up-to-Date Hairdressing Parlors.
102G Market St., room 1. upstairs.
JNO. J. FLANAGAN and family shall not com-
municate with Mr. Sloane and family.
SCHUYLER: Trust to me. I'll help you.
Wire me your address. JOHN.
MRS. RUMPLE will be pleased to meet old and
new friends at her millinery parlors.221 Geary
ALL styles hairdressing, 25c; hair goods; mani-
curing. 25c. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 50.
' Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
BUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electr.c needle. Dr.&Urs.Traverae.U70 Market
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs
country orders. GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 733 Mkt
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
Superfluous hair and motes removed with elec-
tive needle. Mrs. & Miss Eaton. 1110 Sutter.
CHEAPEST and best In America.— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United State* or Canada nn» vear for it.
PHYSICIANS AND SURUEO.\9.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL — Offlce and restdnnce.
1021 H Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL, 1073% Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONO HIM. herb doctor;
treats * 11 diseases of the human body: for
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at 667 Geary st., near Leavenworth.
DR. IONO PO CHY. successor to Dr. LI Po
Tal. herb doctor: cures all diseases of human
* by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington fU
WONG WOO, tha famous herb doctor— All dls.
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 718-S Clay it.
OAKLAND ADYlillTiSBlENTS.
KSTATE.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO
4tX)-4«:» Eighth st.. Oakland.
A FINE BUSINESS INVESTMENT.
-
$80.000— A. fine 3-story brick building, with
t ». frontage; an excellent portion
or business center. Tho realty alone is
nearly worth this figure.
'
A GENUINE "SPECIAL." /
If you want a fln« home, one that is fine In
0Ver y sense of the word, investigate
this. A superb residence of 10 rooms,
artistically and tastefully nn'.shed and
Planned; an Imposing and beautiful ele-
vation; lot 50x150: every modern con-
venience and only 2 years old. In the
choicest section of the Lakeside Dis-
trict. Owner going away and will sell
A BUSINESS CORNER .SHORTLY.
$1'J,000 — OsklaruTs business radius is rapidly
extending. Here Is a lot with 75 feet
frontage, partly improved, within the
environments of the business and retail
center. To realize quickly, $19,000.
BUILT FOR AND BY HIMSELF.
$6,000— A magnlHcent house of 10 rooms; large
reception hall and double parlor; pressed
brick fireplaces; frescoed ceilings; con-
crete foundation; panoramic and marine
< view. Piedmont.
A TWO-STORY BARGAIN.
$.¦5,650 — But you can come in on the ground
floor if you buy at once. A fine two-
story house, ft rooms and b:ith; extra j
well built; 40-foot corner lot; near locals
and 6treet cars. A good buy at $5000,
but W sell for $3(550. Snap.
PLENTY OF ROOM.
$2,750 — Good home of 9 rooms, with corner
lot 125x175; fruit trees and flowers.
Fine view and excellent climate; near
ftrt-et cars. Value will increase.
A MAGNIFICENT LOT.
$50 foot — Grand lot. C0xl23; southwest corner;
perspective Position unexcelled; worth
$C0 per foot. Linda Vista,
A SHARP BUY IN FLATS.
$6,S50 — Fine modern fiats of 6 and 7 rooms
each; near locals and car lines; an ex-
tra fine property; centrally located.
Rents $<30 p<?r month.
IN MIDDLE -WEST OAKLAND.
$2,250 — Fine cottage. 0 rooms and bath; lot
27x100; In splendid condition; gas, wash-
tubs, etc. .Close to cars and locals.
; Bargains
ONLY ONE IN THIS SECTION
At this price; $55 foot; magnificent lot, 50x100,
adjacent to four $2000 mansions. Lake-
side district.
$1000. . $1000. $1000.
Fine Broadway lot. with four flat-; double
frontage; rents $60 month.
AS It US.
$1,750— Neat cottage, 4 large sunr.y room*:
50x133: on the coming business street
of North Oakland; two blocks from
Santa Fe ferry. An exceotlofal oppor-
tunity.
$1,100— Cottage. 4 rooms and bath; one block
to San Pablo ave. Owner going away.
Sacrifice.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
460-4C2 Eighth St..
Oakland.
__ _
HOLCOMB. BREED ft BANCROFT.
1000 BROADWAY, OAKLAND.
Bank Properties. LOW PRICES. Easy Terms.
$1,350 — Neat bungalow cottages: 3 rooms,
bath, etc.; barn, driveway; lot 32:tixl25;
$X>0 cash, balance easy.
0133
$2,000 — Nearly new cottage; IVi story, 6
rooms, bath; every modern convenience;
very neat, sunny; close to broad gauge
local. pchoolB. etc.; an^*xcptional bar-
gain; easy terms.
$3 i 000 — On Piedmont ave., near Moss; home,
7 rooms, bath; modern; fine condition;
lot 40x125; terms.
$3,250 — Howe ft., ntar Moss ave.; house, 6
large rooms, bath, etc.; etrictly modern;
40x100; terms to gult.
11,000 — Walsworth ave.. near Mofs; house. 12
rooms; modern; barn, driveway, flowers,
lawn, etc.; fine view; pood surroundings;
lot 05x120; terms to suit.
$4,750 — Adeline Bt., near 14th; house, 8 rooms;
modern: fine lawn, flowers, etc.; lot I»sx
127; close to local train, Echools, etc.;
easy terms.
OHS
$8,500— Elegant property; corner on 14th st. ; !
house of 1^ roome: modern; individual
water supply on premises; property in- I
eludes besides the home grounds 2 fine ]
lots for flats, which will make a fine I
Investment; offer wanted; further par-
ticulars at offlce.
$10,000 — Original cost $1*0.000; an elegant home
on Durant St.. near Franklin; 14 rooms;
lot 75x100; must be seen to appreciate
value.
"NOTICE" — The above properties are good
values; owners wish to sell; offers made on
same will be submitted. Terms, email cash
payment balance bank mortgage. First come,
first served.
HOLCOMB. BREED & BANCROFT.
1060 BROADWAY, OAKLAND. CAL.
FRANK P. LEE,
Oil BROADWAY, OAKLAND.
11250 New, up-to-date colonial. 7 r.. attic;
cemented basement: lot 60x100; near Tel-
i-graph ave and Thirty-third.
$3050— Modern 6 r.. driveway, barn; lot 35x135;
Telegraph and Twenty-fifth.
$2600— Modern 5 r., colonial: best plumbing;
barn; elevated lot, 35x150; West and Thir-
ty-seventh.
|3150 New Swiss colonial, 7 r. : elevated lot, 40
xl50; Market and Thirty-seventh.
£2600— Swiss colonial, 7 r., almost new; lot
35x125, on 60-foot street, near Telegraph.
*~>50 N. W. corner on Moss ave.. near Tele-
graph; modern G r. : lot 60x100.
52800— Grove, nfar Thirty-seventh; new colo-
nial, 7 r.; tunny.
$2000 Cor. Grove and Fifty-ninth; modern cot-
tage, 6 r., basement; lot 40x120.
$2500 — New l'Vi -story cottage,' & r.. pleasing ar-
rangement: lot 3(Jxl^2; In Piedmont dis-
trict; owner going away.
$3750— On Telegraph ave.; extra good cottage,
6 r., basement; lot 50x300 to Clairmont ave.
$2S00 — Fine cottage. 6 r., basement; Union st.,
within call limits; 30x133.
RESIDENCE LOTS.
$1150— Thirty-fifth 6t.. near Grove; 50x122.
$500— Thirty-eighth (&0 feet wide), near Tele-
granh; 35x125.
$1000— Twenty-ninth, nr. Grove; 50x140.
$2000 — Comer on Brush: 41x105.
$<X:O — Silver fit.; sewered; 50x125.
fjiic.d — Twenty-second, nr. Grove; 2^x129.
$1450— Eighteenth, nr. Filbert; ."{Sxl.tO.
$!H)GO— N. W. cor Eleventh and Webster; 50x<5.
Bargains in Ban Pablo ave. business property.
FRANK P. LE g 11 BROADW AY. OAKLAND.
*100 CASH and $00 per month secures a-mag-
riflcent colonial 8-room house, finished in
curly redwood: open and nickel plumbing;
lot 50x141; elegant marine view; 1916
Eleventh ave. Open for lnsoection dally
Jrom » to 6; take street car at Eighth and
Broadway. ::' v.'. -..._-".
J S MYERS or GEORGE W. AUSTIN,
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
$3750— REDUCED from $4500 for* a quick sale;
new colonial house of 7 rooma and bath;
all modern; 2 blocks to the local station.
„ isooit and cars; accepted street, near
business center; only $500 cash, balance
reengage; a rare opportunity to »ecure
a "fine borne at a low price and easy
term*.
J S MYERS or GEORGE W. AUSTIN.
1002 Broadway. Oakland.
*->onc A MODERN hou?n of 11 rooms and 2
bath* and barn; lot 50x125: all street work
done: property cost $4500, but owner is
bounJ to »ell; street car within 100 feet
of the house.
HUGH M. CAMERON.
l 105S Broadwav. Oakland.
FRjilTVALEADYERTISEMENtS
TILVUyj^y 3 niJAL ESTATE. *"
H. LARKMEYEK.
U0 V? u ! r {va! e * ve - Fruitvale. Cal.
Tel. Brook C3S.
LOTS - LOTS. LOTS.
$100 rach— Two thi.rt blocks from car line
«nd Berkek^ aly ro * d - <*' '*« to Oakland
$f^>— Oottage or 4 rooms; corner lot. 50x100;
a.l tinwl: J blocks from car line; near school I
ana cliurcn; terms $5O cash, balance $7 50 per
mouth: very cheap. rFltchburg.)
$12"r^— CottaRf of 4 room?, pantry, closets
• c -\ "* 1W-X--1); all fenced: large 2-story barn,
tood »V11 »nd pump; 1 l<xk from car line;
terms If desired; fine chicken ranch.
$1COO— Neat rew cottage of 5 rooms and bath; I
ail modern: lot 40x115; »i block from clecirlo i
ours.
*i 1S^'° — Cottage or 7 looms and bath: aM fur-
nish, d; large veranda, high basement; lot 50x
.41; ..ne well, w:ndmlll and tank; 2-etory
barn: 2 blocks from plectrlc cars; a sacrifice;
owner is going to Europe.
fV.xxi — Bptcsdld ccttagt of 3 all mod-
ern: hljrh basement: situated on Frultvale ave.,
3 li'.ook from Fruitvale station; terms, $100
t ash. balence same us rent.
Business opportunity — CVrncr grocery store. !
M-vk £nd fixtures; lot 9<;xl7«. in bearing or- I
rharJ: chicken nn.l plpeon housos; on macada-
mized Firwt; thrifty location: all for 514W;
slso adjoining '¦ouhf* of 4 rooms and bath-
hard finished; lot SCxl70; for $1CM.
$;.T0O — Almost new cottage of 4 rooms and «
bath; <- rner lot. 71x125: I block from Frult-
\al? station; terms If desired.
fVKW—RfTjuced from $.'»OOO; beautiful home
nr. Fru'tvale ave.. consisting cf K roorr.s anj
baHy all modern imrrovom«"nt!>; 2-story barn;
excellent well of water, larpp tank and wind- '
mUl: corner lot. £1x203; variety of flowers, j
fruit and phade trees; thl5 el<-pant home must
I*- :-.>".'. and sec-n to be appreciated.
For r«rticul«r» apply to
II. BAUKXrEYER.
l?o<> Frultvale ave.. Froitvale. Cal.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT~COMPANT^ I
rnriTVALE— FnriTVALE— fruitvale.
THE CLIMATE IX FUUITVALE IS IDEAL.
THE SOIL IS PEEP AND RICH.
ALL KINDS OF FltriT ANI> FLOWERS
GF-.OW IN ABCN1UM-E; EXCELLENT CAR
FERVICE; r-0-F.NT FARE TO OAKLAND, j
EAN FRANCISCO AND BERKELEY.
WE HAVE SEWERS. GAS. ELECTRIC-
ITY AND FINE GRADED STREETS.
AS AN IDEAL HOME LOCATION FRUIT- i
VALE HAS NO EQUAL ABOUT THE BAT.
We ere exclusive arents for the gather
Tract, one-half of which has already l*en
*o:d this present year. This tract surround*
thf Dewey School, one of the best graded i
schools in the county. Prices for the above ,
sarge trom $175 up to $400.
Half *cre«, $700 to $000.
Cash or installments. Interest only 7 per
i^r.t.
We also have over 500 lots in different lo-
lations surrounding Frultvale Station at prices
rsr.ging from fRK) to ?25O.
SPECIAL BARGAIN.
Corner lot, 71x125, with new cottage of 4
roon-.s; near local; $2300.
WE HAVE AND ARE CONSTANTLY
F.UILDING 4, 5, 6 AND 7 ROOM COTTAGES
V.ITH LATEST IMPROVEMENTS AND FOR
SALE ON TERMS TO gill PURCHASERS. !
OUB CARRIAGE AT YOUR DISPOSAL AT
ALL TIMES. EVERY COURTESY EX-
TENDED TO PURCHASERS. ,
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY.
< Incorporated.)
VALENTINE a. HUSH. President.
L. L. M. SALSBURT, Salesman.
Fruitvale Station, Frultvale, Cal.
Pkoni» Ash Rb7.
S. F. office. 207 Montgomery Ft.
CHARLES F. LEE. Phone Vale 2»;.
1222 Fruitvale ave.
$ir*' cash, balance $12 50 month; 3 r. cottag<\
chicken housos and yanJf=; S larec lots. «>-
foot ticket fence; bordered by creek; some
nice fruit trees and large fine fhade trees;
2 living tprings; only 3 blocks to street
cars; no fogs or cold winds; price for all
*SC5.
$450 — $1Ck> cash, balance $10 month; 3 r. cot-
ta#re; fine well.
fl2.V> — $2<«> ctFh; new 4 r. cottage and bath;
balance |15 month.
$l»r>o — 1:400 cash: <"> r. cr.ttajre; Queer Anne
style: balance $10 month; lot 10<Ml09.
$1.'S"O— $l«Xt cash, ha'.am-* $10 month: 4 r. cot-
titce. barn; lot 1^2x100.
f 171,11 — fnou csLeh. bai»r.c<> $20 month; 5 r. and '.
!>#ith oottaee; frood barn.
tlPOO H r. and bath colonial cottage; barn;
?.vo cash, $17 month balance.
$,:;;:<«.) — S r. and bath; fine vkw of bay and
¦ ur.try; commanding site; $700 carh. bal-
an'-e 8 per ctnt mortgage; lot 50x230; two
streets.
S7.". — I>his: $5 ca>h. balance monthly to suit.
Th<- beautiful "-Rosa L»>e" tract: fine sandy |
ioam soil; no cr,!d winds or fogs here; fine \
building «=ites, beautiful view; :{ blocks to
*tr«-«t cars; c'hurch<*. school and postofflce
dose by.
CHARLES F. LEE. Phone Vale 296.
1222 Frultvale ave.
II. A. PLEITNER, Fruitvale Station.
$1250 — House of 4 rooms and bath, tantry. 2
closets, large tarn, chicken And brooder
house; pood well; lot 10<"*2U0; all fenced.
fUOO — For sale in Oakland; cozy cottage of 3
rooms «n<J bailment: Jarsre ptable. city
water; lot 50x133; »100 each and $14 per
month-
$1100— -Cottage of 4 rooms, aJso 1 rooms In
basement: good well, windmill and tank;
nicp stable 2 chicken houses, wagon ehed,
29 fruit trees; lot 100x100; all fenced.
$K£0 — Mo4'm bay-window cottage of 4 rooms
and bath; lot .'55x120; fine flowers and
fruit trees; half block from Fruitvale ave.;
a small sum down, balance can remain
t>n mortgage.
%;..<r> Special bargain: modern cottage of 5
rooms. 2 room* firu«h«<l in basement; nice
Ftable! fruit tr*>«; lot S3xS25; $150 cash,
balance eame a* rent.
$500 — Choice lot. 60x265. with rood well and
force pump; nrar station.
H. A. PLEITNER. Fruitvale Station. Cal.
fcSO— A NICE 3-room cottage, close to etreet
car*; lot 50x200.
%\i(ft—K new modern 4-room cottage. Just be-
in* completed; 2 bl'x-ke from station; $200
ca£h. balance on installments.
JUDO — A fine 4-room cottage In a rood locality;
1 block from etrwt care; lot 25x123.
5525— A fr.e building lot, 50x2C5; situated In
Fru'.Uale.
$23f*V— New R-room modern cottage: lot 35 x
140 : nm> Work from school and street cars
and close to station.
We have oth«*r bargains we would like to show.
Arply to ALAMHDA LAND CO..
23d av». station. East Oakland. Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 iJEOADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
WILLIAM P. TODD. 1070 Broadway.
REAL ESTATE.
92500 — Nice 5-roorn cottage; lot 37:Gxll5; naer
Telegraph ave.
$2250 — New bungalow cottage, 7 rocmg;
modern; near trains; easy termi.
$4200 — Fine K-room 2-fitory house; barn; large
lot- b^fw»cn Telegraph ave. and Grove Bt. ;
walking distance to town.
WILLIAM P. TODD. 1070 Broadway.
Oakland. Cal.
?2<» PER month on th«> property and only 0
pr cent Interest buy* a new modern home
of S room*, porcelain bath and sink, laundry,
sanitary piurr.WTie, gas> and electric lighting;
fjr.ny elde of Etrwt, fronting electric line and
within walking dit-tance cf local trains to
Kan Francisco: choice residence location;
ureet work all <!onf; stone walk all laid;
rpen lawn In front; or will rent for $.*>0 per
month; pmall flr^t payment required if Bold:
Investigate at ence; an exceptional chance to
»r*-t a home on payment* like rent. GEORGE
W. AUSTIN. J0C2 Broadway, Oakland.
JUPT WHAT YOU WANT.
GOOD MODERN HOME ON OAKLAND
Houk htf" parlor, dining-room, hall, ktt.-hen.
larr*? pantry, four bedrooms; will be sold for '
V37r«0: >.<• u>-f- rent* for $3O and would rent for
?:;5 month; close to cro«stown line. See thus.
JAMES £. NAIEMITH.
46« Twelfth Bt.
SJSOO — COTTAGE, 4 rooms and bath: funny
«to> of Ftrfi and walking dlittance of
Fourteenth end Bread way, Oakland.
' THE ALDEN CO.,
1118 Broadway, Oakland.
EPycXjIOXAL.
A^CALDWEuT College- of Oratory, Acting.
Opera and Authorship; largest In the West;
14 teachers; positions guaranteed; fall term
begins Sept. 7; uay and. evening class; beauti-
ful new catalogue free. 1205 Market, cor. Oth.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post. 8.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
language?, telegraphy, English branches;
day and night sessions, Ulua.. catalogue free.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College, 1236 Mar-
ket; modern, progressive, practical; estab-
lished 15 years. Gregg shorthand, fastest,
easiest, most readable. Actual business
bookkeeping; typewriter at home free.
AJTRES, the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket St.; special summer course In all depart-
ments; handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
ship, $50; day and evening sessions.
CALIFORNIA Business College, 305 Larkin st.
•'A thorough school"; positions secured for
graduates; modern methods; individual ln-
etructlon. Write for illustrated catalogue.
HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk St.,
between Pine and California; both adult and
chlldren'a classes are nbw open for the season.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electrldty.24 Post
St., S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. mln.. mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est 1S84. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
SYSTEM, discipline and results; the Golden
Gate Commercial College, Van Ness and Gol-
den Gate aves., S. F. ; fills every requirement.
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday and
Sunday evenings at' Teutonla Hall, Howard
Bt.. near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
A MUSICIAN teaches piano and singing thor-
oughly in 0 mo.; $2 month. Box 4142, Call, i
PIANO and German: pupil of Lelpslc Conser-
vatory; lessons 75c and $1. 346 Golden Gate.
WHISTLING lessons. M. GERTRUDE JUDD,
785 GoaTy Bt.; phone Hyde 033.
FOR Eale cheap — $100 scholarship for a city
business college. 1440 Grove st.
GUITAR accompaniment taught. 304A Turk
street. _____^__
AT Kingsland Art Shop — Drawing, painting
and burnt work. 1184 Halght Bt.. near Lyon.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine at Night class.
LESSONS given in Water Color or Oil Paint-
lngs from Nature. CURRIER. 3*2 Sutter st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
eta ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. Oth.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market. nr.lOth.
Pittman shorthand, typing, bookkpg.. $8 mo.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
GRAND auction faler all horses, wagons, har-
ness, plows, scrapers and other material be-
longing to Greely & Son. contractors, with-
out reserve, Tuesday, September 18, 11 a. m., I
at stables, 7th. bet. Pt. Lobos and Clement.
DARK bay gelding, black points (pacer). 7
years old, 16-1 hand3 high, fast and gentle;
sire. Prince Nutwood; dam, Bellwood.
Eclipse Stable. 1375 Eddy st.
ON account of going to build, entire stock ot
wagons, buggies and harness must be sold at
sacrifice. Coiner 15th and Valencia sts.
3 GOOD work horses for want of use. Apply
lumber yard, S.E. corner Alabama and
Montcalm streets. ¦ •¦ .
FOR sale — Horses; 6 head work and driving;
all guaranteed. Cor. 2d and South Park.
FOR sale— Handsome trap; cheap. Box 1050,
Call office.
FINE horse, harness and buggy for sale, cheap.
14"5 Folsom St., horseshoeing shop.
8 GOOD homes for sale cheap. 327 Sixth st.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
and gocart for *nle cheap. K32 Mission st.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO. ,14 Montgomery.
_— — - , -_
A — HOUSES and flats to let: an Immense list:
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department: it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-259 Geary
st., on the square.
i ".
NEWLY remodeled house of 10 rooms and
bath on Forty-ninth ave. and Ocean Boule-
_ vard; fronting the ocean, with a fine view;
~ rent reasonable.
JACOB HEYMAN CO., 117 Sutter.
$10 — NICE 4-room cottage nn De Wolf St., near
Sickles ave., at Ocean View.
McEWEN BROS.. 118 Montgomery st.
SUNNY modern 2-story house of 7 rooms and
bath; rent $11 50 to good tenant; call on
premises to-day bet. 9 a. m. and 2 p. m.
307 Saxton ave., Ingleslde.
GROVE. 1322 — 10-room house; sunny, modern;
good resident district; large garden, basement
BEFORE moving get our printed llKt of houses :
to lPt. HAl.riwiN * HOWKUa 25 Post Bt.
HOUSES TO LET — FUllMSUED.
WELL furnished ) house, eleven rooms, bath,
gas and electricity; nr. university and car
lines. 2103 Dwlght way. Berkeley.
ELEGANTLY furnished hotjse, 10 rooms. 2
baths; sunny, large garden; grand view.
419 Oak st. .
$35 — UPPER flat of 6 rooms, furnished com-
plete; piano: marine view. 1S62 Stockton st.
HOUSED WANTED.
WANTED — By young couple, no children,
modern cottage or upper flat 5 or 6 rooma.
Address, particulars, box 4154, Call offlce.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco In the
name of JOHN J. ORMSBY; No. 50.521. The
finder will please return to bank.
LOST Ir Golden Gate Park, lady's gold watch;
monogram C. E. K.; attached to wreath pin.
Reward at 041 Fell st ; telephone Fell 5541.
LOST — One gold Swiss stopwatch, Locle move-
ment; will pay $20 and no questions asked.
Return to the proprietor of Novelty Theater.
IRISH setter pup; little white front of neck;
license No. 3807. Liberal reward if returned
to 1610 Franklin st.; phone East 410.
LOST — Lady's watch, blue enameled, near
Thirteenth and Franklin. Return to 921
Broadway, Oakland, room 13; reward.
LOST — Pear-shaped diamond pcarfpln. Return
18 Kearny st./ receive reward. < •
LOST— Gold watch; Initial W. T.; reward. 1250
O'Farrell Bt.
LOST — Pair of gold spectacles; glanees were In
a Geo. Mayerle black case. Return to 036
Hampshire Bt. and receive reward.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of ROSE THERESE PFITZER. Noy
258-1S7. The finder will please return to '
Bank. _\ ¦
$20— LOST, on the 7:30 p. m. narrow gauge
train. August 13, suit case containing wear-
Ing apparel and mining deeds. Return tha
same to W. KENT. Twelfth-st. saloon, Oak-
land, and get reward; no questions asked.
LOST — A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of CATHERINE DROWN. No. 228-
1328. The finder will please return to Bank.
LOST— Lady's watch attached to black silk
cord with fob chain and gold ring; liberal
reward. S. -P. CO.'S agent. tCorbln station.
via West Berkeley .
REWARD for return of dress suit case marked
J. A. K., left at corner Page and Buchanan
EU. Return to Dramatic Review offlce. 24
Geary st. - ;
FbUND — On Jones Et., pocketbook containing
money and keys; can have same by paying
for advertisement. 5 Florence place.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter St.. needs old
gold nnd silver to make new watch cases.
IiIVESTOCK FOR SALE.
SOMETHING NEW.
A pint of good milk made Into a pound of
good buuer in less than 3 minutes; send $1
"*" bill for receipt. Address Station C. P. O.
box 691. Los Angelas, Cal.
MEDICAL..
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
sold; price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's
syringe and tablets: price $2 50. By express
only on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTH-
ERS, wholesale druggists, Seventh and
Broadway. Oa-kland. -
MRS. DR. WYETH, specialist for all female
complaints; Instant relief guaranteed; 30
years' experience; removed to 820 Post at.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and lrreKUlarlties: instant re-
llef guaranteed. 1008H Market st. opp. 8th.
DR. G.W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
in trouble. consult this specialist on femal*
complaints; positively corrected; the unfor-
tunate helped; the most difficult cases treat-
ed; advice . free. Offlce. 1018 Market St.
MRS. D. ALLEN.- 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
.specialist; a private home before and during
confinement: best medical care; low fees.
DR. ROSEN moved to- 29»5 Folsom St.. cor.
1'tith; relief $10: ladies' exclusiva office*
OAKLAND -ADVERTISEMENTS.
ESTATE.
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO..
Real Eatatc Agents and Dealers.
1172 Broadway, Cor. Fourteenth St.
DO YOU WANT A HOME?
DO YOU WANT A HOMET
EASY TERMS ON ANY OF THESE.
EASY TERMS ON ANY OF THESE.
$1350 — Desirable little cottage of 3 rooms; in
nice neighborhood: one block to cars and
school; lot 32:6x125.
$1600 — On carllne, in East Oakland; neat 5-
room cottage and bath; within walking
distance of local trains; nice lot.
$1000^\>ry nice and comfortable little home
of 5 rooms and bath; all modern;
one block to cars and school; only ten
minutes to Fourteenth st. and Broadway;
fruit, berries, etc.; very easy terms.
$2300— In Piedmont: fine large lot. 64x216:
splendid place for chickens; running wa-
ter; 3-room cottage, with chicken houses,
tank, etc.
$2500 — Modern 5-room cottage home on desir-
able NE. corner; close to cars and school;
lot 64x110; fruit, figs, berries, outhouses,
etc.; ttn minutes to town.
$3000 — On the heights in East Oakland; fine
home, containing 7 rooms and bath; all
new and modern; fine view.
$3250 — On Thirty-sixth st. ; a very desirable
house of u rooms and bath, with large
reception hall; every convenience; lot 37:0
X12O.
$3500 — Elegant 8-room house in Piedmont:
close to cars: has every convenience; gas
and electricity; high terraced lot on sun-
ny side of street.
FINE NEW HOMES.
FINE NEW HOMES.
THE CREAM OF EAST OAKLAND.
THE CREAM OF EAST OAKLAND.
On site of Tubbs" Hotel: elegant, new and
. modern homes; houses contain 7 and 8
rooms each; prices ranee trom $4250 to
$5250; large reception halls, with hard-
wood floors; gas and electricity; open
plumbing, etc*; open dally from 1:30 to
5 p. m.
SUNDAY BY APPOINTMENT.
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO.,
Real Estate Agents and Dealers,
1172 Broadway. Cor. Fourteenth St.,
Oakland.
$200 CASH— Monthly payment as low reut;
cottage, 4 rooms and bath, pantry, closets:
front and back veranda; rustic; barn; good
well of water: chicken run and shed; Al
soil; away from fogs and raw winds; close
to cars; Town Hall, school and church: nice
garden and flowers; cozy home; 2 lots, 64x
100; all fenced in; In a fast growing settle-
ment, adjoining East Oakland: price, all told
$950. Call or send for circular, 455 Seventh
Bt.. opp. Broadway station. Oakland; car-
riage free. H. Z. JONES, land owner.
READ THIS AD.
NEARLY 4 acres on main road, near Fruit-
vale. together with building and 5-room flat
atwve; lower part would make store or sa-
loon; a snap; owner in the East and must
sell immediately.
THE ALDEN CO.,
1118 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND HOME COMPANY,
972 Broadway,
Corner Tenth st., Oakland.
Pays off your mortgage for what you are
paying Interest.
Buys you a home on easiest and best plan
known.
L. M. McKINNEY. Manager.
031 COTH f=t., Oakland, for rent; $20 a month-
cottage K rooms, up to-date; barn, etc.; car-
pets on floor for sale, cheap; one block from
Adeline station, on Berkeley Branch R. R.
ALEX. MURDOCK. Chronicle bldg.. San Fran-
rlFco. for Oakland. Berkeley or r'ura' homes.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
NEW. 6-room flat, $20; combination gas flx-
.turep; open plumbing; patent door openers;
speaking tubes; sunny. 1723 Alcatraz ave..
Iyorin Station; key at 1721; take Berkeley
local.
FOR rent — Reasonably to responsible parties,
modern house of 10 rooms; large grounds;
near station and car line. 1034 Adeline St.,
Oakland. J
OAKLAND FURMTURB FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains • In furni-
ture. H. Schellhaae. 11th St., cor. store. Oaklnd
Mill Valley Advertisements-
MILL VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
TAKE a trip to Mill Valley to-day with your
wife and children. The n«1e on the boat to
Bausallto will be very pleasant. Arriving at
Hausallto you take the new three-rail elec-
tric road (the only one on the Coast);
rides like a Pullman car and makes the,
time to Mill Valley In nine minutes. You
will enjoy the trip and Qe natural beauties
of Mill Valley. Incidentally we would like
to have you lock at the lots in Sunny-
side tract, which are right at the terminus
of the new electric road. These unequaled
traveling facilities are bour.d to add greatly
to the value of land In Mill Valley. You
cannet lose If you buy one or more lots.
The;' now vary In price from $0 to $15 a
foot, extra deep. Never will be less, and
In fact are bound to be worth more. The
terms are only 10 per cent down and bal-
ance in $10 monthly Installments. Don't de-
lay this trip, as the lots are selling very
fast. Over 00 have already been sold.
Prices will be advanced shortly. Call or
send for our illustrated and descriptive book-
let. Agent on the grounds Sunday. LYON
& HOAG, 116 Montgomery st.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
AMERICAN Can Company. — At a meeting; of
the Board of Directors of the American Can
Company, held September 1, 1003, a dividend
of two and one-half per cent was declared
upon the preferred stock, payable vo Septem-
ber 30 to stockholders of record at the close
of business September 15. The transfer
books will be closed as to the preferred stock
from September 10 to September 30, both
days Inclusive. Check* will be mailed
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY. R. H. 13-
MON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Giant Powder Com-
pare, Con A dividend. No. 57. of fifty
centrf f50c) per share on the Issued capital
flock of the company has been declared, pay-
able at the offlce of the company 'rooms
202. 204. 206 Hayward building. San Fran-
cltco, on September 10. 1903. Transfer books
close Sept. 3 at noon. C. C. Qulnn. Secretary.
LEGAL ADVERTISEJHKXTS.
IN the Superior Court of the City and County
of San Francisco. State of California. — Filed
August 23, 1903. ALBERT B. MAHONY .
Clerk, by E. J. CASEY, Deputy Clerk; No!
20,150. Probate— In the matter of the estate
of ALICE SKAE, deceased. Notice for pub-
lication of time appointed for probate of will
C. C. P.. Sec. 1303.— Notice is hereby given
that Tuesday, the 8th day of September,
A. D. 1003, at 10 o'clock a. m. of that day,
and the courtroom of Department No. 0 of
said court, at the City Hall, in the City and
County of San Francisco, fctate of California,
have been appointed as the time and plac«
for proving the duly authenticated copy of
the will and codicil of said ALICE SKAE,
deceased, and of the probate thereof, and
for hearing the application of MERCAN-
TILE TRUST COMPANY OF SAN FRAN-
CISCO, a corporation, for the Issuance to it
of letters testamentary thereon. [Seal.] AL-
BERT B. MAHONY. Clerk, bv E. J. CASEY.
Deputy Clerk. Dated. August 25. A. D. 1003
MOr.RISON & COPE, attorneys for pe-
tltloner.
TO LEASE. T" 7 ™
LARGE store and basement on Market St., In
most desirable part of retail district; en-
trance on two streets; will lease for short or
long term. Address M. B.. box 1140, CaJI. ,THE SAN FEA^CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBEK 6 V 1903.
38
FLATS TO LET—Contlnned.
GOLDEN GATE AVE.. 2733— Flat of 5 rooms
and bath; all the latest improvements.
HANDSOME flat 5 sunny rooms and bath,
basement, yard. 132 Castro st.. cor. 15th.
MODERN upper sunny flat corner; 7 rooms and
bath. 3C8. Church, one block from Market. -
$2.-»— LOWER flat: six large rooms arid bath.
827 Thirteenth St.. near Market. \ . -
AN elegant 6-room flat, nearly new; half block
from Market at. 3943 Seventeenth «t.
LARGEST list of new flats and houses: call
for printed list. LYON & HOAQ, 116 Mtgy.
NW. CORNER Mission and 25th — Modern up
to date sunny flat. 6 rooms and bath.
NOE, 153. north of Market— Sunny 3-room bay-
window corner flat, 0 rooms, bath.
OAK, 336-&"58 — New flats. 5 rooms and bath;
modern Improvements.
STOCKTON PL., 22^4 flats, 4 rooms and
baths; $20 each.
SUNNY upper flat; 6 rooms; bath; basement;
fine view. 1014 Sanchez st.
TO let — Flat of four rooms; 1S97 O'Farrell.
HOOKER & LENT. 14 Poat St.
UPPER flats, new and modern. 3S25 and 3835
24th st.. near Church; large lot; rent $22 50.
UPPER flat to let: 4 rooms and bath; rent $18;
water free. 336VJ Tehama st.
UPPER flat. 3 large sunny rooms. 21 Har-
rison ave.
$37 60 AND $40— Middle and upper new flats;
6 rooms, bath each. 1735 Page, nr. G. G. Pk.
$9— NICE flat at 29 Federal St.. off Bryant,
between First and Second sts.
FLATS TO LET^ —^URNISHED.
NEWLY furnished upper sunny flat. 6 room*
and bath; rent $27. CARAY. 1303 Call bldg.
BEAUTIFUL furnished flat, close in. Ring up
telephone Sutter 2565.
FLATS FOR SALE!.
A BARGAIN— $4250: CORNER LOT, 2 FLATS:
LOT 25x114; 184 CLIPPER ST. SEB
OWNER O2Z PREMIS33.
EX ATS FOR SALE KCJRXISHKD-
NICE furniture, good as new; must be sold
quick; 6 sunny rooms, bath; rent $25. Call
before noon or 7 to 9 p. m., 2240 Post, corner
Devisadero.
A BARGAIN — Furniture, bedding, dishes, com-
- plete; buyer can remove or rent modern,
sunny 5-room flat, $20. 1620 Fell st.
FOUR rooms to let; furniture for eale. 913
Battery st.
:<ln.MTliRE FOK SALE.
FOR sale — 5-room flat, comfortably furnished;
rent $23; water. 753 Valencia st.
FURMTUKK \V3VNTED.
aJwOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone feed 44e2^
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
A. L. STORRS pays highest ca&h prices furni-
ture, carpets, etc.; tel. Larkin 8831. 634 Ellis.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
A — NURSE for child of 3 years, $35, one who
has not cared for children need apply; a
cook for small sanitarium, wages. $40; a
cook for small German family, $.'!.">; a nurse
for Sausalito. $20; a waitres-s for boarding-
house In city, $25. MISS PLUNKETT. 425
Sutter St.. near Powell.
A — WANTED — Girls to learn bairdresslng.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading school in
West. JJSfJ, Geary St.. room 13.
A — LADIES. learn all branches hatrdresslng
trade: manicuring, massage etc.; 1236 Mar-
ket st.. cor. Jones, room 94; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve. class: call.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for fall season;
both seasons taught frcm start to finish In one
month" for $10; positions as trimmers, sales-
ladies, etc., guaranteed at $10 per week up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton St.. r. 13.
FORELADY for knitting factory; one who
knows how to knit all classes of knitted
' goods: good wages and steady employment
for the right one; state where last em-
ployed. DAVIS & CO.. 168 S. Second St..
San Jose. Cal.
DURING the month of September at reduced
I prices, I will personally teach Electrolysis,
Facial Massage, Hydro Vacu, Bleaching, Dye-
ing and Scalp treatments. MRS. I. BAR-
RETT-WILSON, Callaghan Bldg., Market
and Jones sts.
WANTED — A refined young lady to be a. com-
panion for a lady: must understand music
and be a good penman and assist with light
housework; references required. 418 Mont-
gomery St. '
A ' PROTESTANT woman to do light house-
work and take care of baby; no sweeping or
wnshinR windows; nice comfortable room and
good wages. 25 C St., between First and
Second aves., Richmond.
A GIRL OF REFINEMENT to care for a
little girl from '11 to 5 p. m.: $15 to $20;
best of references, with names, must be
sent, also full particulars about applicant*
Box 4152, Call.
LADIES to do piecework home; we furnish
materials and pay from $7 to $12 weekly.
Send stamped envelope to Royal Co., 34
Monroe St., Chicago.
GIvRMAN girl for cooking and housework: no
washing; wages ?2D; small family. Apply
at 1718 Bush st., between 1 and 2:30 p. m.
AN assistant In light housekeeping; only a few
hour? a day; good wagea. Call at once 327
O'Farrell st.
$20 A 1C0 WRITING letters: send addressed
envelope. Electric Remedy Co.. dept. 101, 235
So. Michigan, South Bend, Ind.
LADIES for plain sewing home: materials fur-
nished; no deposit; particulars. Woman's
"-"Remedy Co., B 08. Chicago.
WANTED — A girl for cooking and some house-
work; waxes $.*S0. Call Monday forenoon at
2112 Vallejo St.. near Buchanan.
FIRST-CLASS candy packer wanted; good
wiges; call Tuesday morning. B. J. BAUM
1144 Howard st. ¦¦
"WANTED — A girl for upstairs work and to
assist with children; wages $23. Apply ISIS
• Sacramento st.
A FIRST-CLASS German or Swedish cook;
references. Call i-'OSO Pacific p.vc, from 12
to 3 p. m.
GIRL for general housework; French or Swiss
preferred: good wages; small family. Call
1524 Vallejo Bt. : car fare.
YOUNG girl to care for baby and assfk with
housework; singing lessons in part payment
if desired: 10 to 12. CS2 Waller st.
APPRENTICES and improvers wanted at
dressmaking. 1603 Geary st.
OPERATORS on muslin underwear; also learn-
ers. G. W. REYNOLDS CO., C07 Mission st.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on mcn'sVoats; steady
work, good pay. 411 '£ Kearny it.
GIRL for light housework; family of two. 207
Cherry st. ; phone Scott 29C3.
IMMEDIATELY; experienced business woman.
Box 4150. Call.
FINISHER on custom pants. 022 Clay st.,
roon ISA.
WANTED — Hairdresser and manicure. S69
Market ot. \
SHOP girl for bakery. 30!) Turk tt.
GOOD millinery trimmer and plain makers.
24 Kearny st. '
A LADY of Indomitable energy to make money
and a convincing talker. F. PERSON. 477
and 478 Farrott building.' .
WANTED — Twenty-five girls and 10 boys to
work on fruit. Pacific Coast Syrup Co., 713
Sansome st.
GIRL to assist carlnc of child: sleep home.
Apply 1U61 Octavia St.. between 10 and 2.
FIRST-CLASS maid and seamstress. Inquire
1730 Pine St., before 10 a. m.; from 1-U p. m,
WANTED — Millinery trimmers and makers.
Apply. HOLM & NATHAN. 512 Market st.
WOMEN and girls' wanted to work on fruit
and canning; steady work; highest wages.
-Apply California Canneries Co.. Braonan
St., between Third and Fourth.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS: NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S
FACTORIES. ZZVi FREMONT ST. AND 18*3
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
"WOMEN and girls to work on fruit: steady
employment; day and piece work; highest
v - wages. CODE-PORTVVOOD CANNING CO.,
Bryant and Tentb.
APPRENTICE at Mme. Llchau's dressmaking
parlors; paid while learning. -455 Geary st.
WOMAN to assist In housework, children, $15/
210 Fair Oaks n.. near 23d and Guerrero.
MBETIVO *'OTICK.« — foiitliiii»i!.
GREAT Scctch gathering— -Clan Fra- g£Z\
str's picnic at sichuetzen Park AD- &^£2J
MISSION DAT. Sent. ». Tfc* will
I be the outdoor event of the season; "«j_ s v,
new. novel and an. using events, in- r^sT .
eluding lootball .will walking ~ 3 !
matches, etc.; dancing all day in the largest
pavilion on the Pacific Coast. Tickets, in-
cluding R. R. fate. BOc; children, 25c. Tick-
ets for sale at the ferry on the morning of
the" -Jth. WILLIAM CQRMACK, Chief.
A. KING, Secretary^
LONGSHORE Lumbermen's Protective Associ-
ation Local 224 — Members Will assemble at
1133 Mission fit. MONDAY MORNING at 8:45
1 o'clock to tak«? part in Labo* day parade;
wear badges-; line fcr non-attendance.
J. E. RIOnDAN, Fin. Sec'y.
AiiK.N I'b WAATBD.
11.00 PER HOUR and upward POSITIVE. The
Ynanuiacturers of the BEST, most attractive
and RAPID SELLING ladies' andf men's
dress shot known desire nitn and women
demonstrators everywhere. Ten NEW, re-
n-.aikable sleht sel.ini,- health and comfoit
itaturct; original celling plan; possibilities
unlimited. NO RISK. Write to-day.
Ku&hiun Komfort Shoe Co., 1155 Market St.,
San Krancisco. Cal.
WE want men and women of good standing
. in every commun.ty In the United States and
Canada to represent us. Hustlers, as soon as
they lcain the business, can earn $5 per day
and upward; no money is required. Address
T. J. BRADSHAW, President. loom 602,
(jranite block, St. Louis. Mo.
BEGIN business for yourself; stop working for
others. We ttart you in profitable mail-order
business at your home: pleasant work: im-
mense profits: unlimited possibilities; lull in-
tormation for stamp. Franklin-Howard Co.,
Denver. Colo.
AGENTS — You're "next" to the newest
•chemes. the latest grafts, all the winners
if you read The Schemer, Alliance, Ohio, box
72; 44 pages of sure $-getters every month;
year SOc. trial 3 months. 10c.
AGENTS — Send 20c in stamps for the handsome
"Blue Leaf Quota of Bible Quotations and
Selections." Agents are selling thousands of
them. W. P. SMITH & CO., box 1538, Provi-
dence. R. I.
AGENTS make 500 per cent profit celling
•"Novelty Sign Cards"; merchants buy 10 to
ltK) on sight; 800 varieties; catalogue free.
Sullivan Co.. 1139 Maplewood ave., Chicago.
$3<» A WEEK to sell our oil burner; vj cheaper
than coal; heats stoves and furnaces; burns
• rude oil; eanii'le free. Write National Ml'g.
Co.. Station E. New York. N. Y.
WANTED — Agents to handle a good proposi-
tion; excellent neller; liberal commissions.
Apply between 9 arid 11 a. m. Monday, Sept.
7, at room 14, 4"t> California st.
LADIES' Handy Hat Fasteners; sewed to hat;
eliminate hatpins; price 25<- pair; postpaid;
agents write for prices. Fair Mfg. Co..
dept. B.. Racine, Wls.
AGENTS make S£5 to $75 weekly selling Allen's
Fountain Brush and Bath Outfit. Write
ALLEN Mfg. Co.. Toledo. Ohio. ,
$32 A WEEK salary and expenses for men with 1
rigs to sell poultry compound. Imperial Mfg.
Co., dept. 54, Parstn*. Kans.
TREAT ave., 1220 — S. F. headquarters, for
news and best selling goods for agents.
WANTED — Good lady agents for a money
maker. Apply 453 Kearny st.yroom 7.
AGENTS — A new monev-m?ker. F. PERSON,
477 and 478 Parrctt building. 1
ATTOKA 1SY S-AT-LAW.
ADVICE FREE. "ESTABLISHED 22 YEARS?
. Divorces 3 spfcialty. Private. Quick.
x NO PAY UNLESS SUCCESSFUL.
G. \V. HOVYK, ATTORNEY AT LAW,
1122 Market tt., ottices 1; 2, 3, 4 and 5.
BEWARE OF FRAUDS.
Any on e can advertise, but unless the adver-
tisement says "Attorney at Law" the party
advertising is not a lawyer; don't be fooled.
ADVICE FREE
COLUMBIAN LAW AGENCY
Rra. 85. V»l« Market; tel. Rfd CIS: bad ten-
ants *jected speedily and reasonably; collec-
tions attended to; attachments; corporations
organized; civil and criminal practice. ]
ROBT. \V; KING, atty-at-law. Examiner bid..
jrm. fill; all cases, damages, estates, wills,
attachments, collections, etc.; consultation,
free; no advance charges; call or write; even-
ings by appointment. Tel. Red 3U01.
ADVICE free — I will advance cost In meritori-
ous cases, divorces, probate and all other law
case?:' no fees in advance; open every even-
ing. J. M. THURSTON. 819 Market st.. r. 31.
GEO. W. AVERILL — Advice given in all cases.
Room 4»>5. fourth floor. Parrott building.
L. S. CLARK. Emma. Sprecksls bldg.. 927 Mar-
Ket tt.: consultation free; no fees in advance.
AITKEN & AITKEN. attorneys, rs. 300-10-11,
Clunle bldg.. 50-t California st. ; tel. Main 727.
ADVICE free; all cases; cpen evenings. M.
L. RYAX. fc50 Market st.. cor. Stockton.
BIROS, DOGS. ETC.
TOUNG talking parrots,$5 each;G«rman singing
canaries. $2; we will try to please you; every.
thing Jh our line at right prices. 1546 Market.
HOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
A SCOTCH widow would take child or two to
I board: room fcr parent. 16,S2»i Mission st.
j BLSl.NKSS, CHA.VCES.
I RESTACRAXT on Fourth st $400
Restauiant; fine transient trade 1250
Restaurant and bakery 400
Cigar stores, 7, from $100 to 900
G«>u?ral merchandise store in country.. C(i00
Stationery and notion store 350
Stationery and variety store; a bargain .'JjO
Notion store and branch bakery 550
Partner In sod* works, country 800
For good, reliable business bargains see
WILFORD & HARRISON. 3 Taylor Bt.
BIG profits will be realized during the. next
few weeks in December wheat. The oppor-
tunity now offered by the wheat market for
quickly realizing large prolits has seldom
been equaled. Do not let this unusual op-
portunity escape you, but write forNour free
booklet, which tells all about our original
methods and clearly explains the wonderful \
. advantages of wheat investments at this
time. No matter what your position or occu-
pation, this booklet will prove highly Inter-
esting and profitable to you. With the book-,
let we send the latest Information concentre'
the wheat situation showing Just how and
when to invest. Experience on your paV Is
unncce&fary and large capital is not required.
Ycur account will be handled by an experi-
enced and reliable broker and you will be
fully inlormed «s to the progress of your ac-
count. Your investment is subject to with-
drawal on demand and is at all times under
ycur control. Do not fall to investigate our
methods. It costs you nothing and may be
the means of your realizing a fortune. Del-
mar Grain Co., suite 11, Granite block. St.
IjOuIs. Mo;
FOR Bale — The b*-st bargain In the city; good
reasons for disposing of the same; delicacy,
branch bakery and light groceries; well
5,tocked and established; cash trade of $12 to
{15 per day; in good neighborhood; rent of
store and living rooms §15 month; nicely
furnished; all for $500; Investigate - this; no
agents. Address box 4143, Call office.
FOR SALE. ~ ~
¦A fine brewery and malting plant, consisting
of building, machinery, barn and wagon shed,
with about 1 \~'A acres of land, and located on
a prominent corner. For further particulars,
call on or address
WILLIAM ROBERTS, San Lorenzo, Cal.
J20 EARNS $1CCO In 1 month — Thia represents
average profits for past 7 months; no oil
wells, cold mines, grain or stocks; a straight-
forward honorable business proposition; com-
ing from an established corporation with
$100,000 capital; National Bank refrences:
write for particulars. STAR & CRESU^TNT i
CO.. 22C-22S La baile St., Chicago. ~
$12.000 — >4 ACTIVE interest in downtown mer-
cantile business; established fcr years; en-
larging premises and stock; parties writing
for interview must be able to prove business*
ability and Integrity: this is a splendid op-
portunity for live man with capital: bank
references exchanged. Box 4151. Call.
FOR SALE — A good shoe A tore with shoe shop;
price $1500. Apply to owner, P L. KAUFF-
MANN, P. O. box 33. South San Francisco,
San Mateo County.
LIQUOR store; fine stock of wines, liquors and
cigars; no opposition: living rooms; must be
*old; price. $2200. N. E. corner Haight and
l*ierce.
AT invoice— StocU and fixtures of on* of the
largest groceries south of Market; no bar;
2 wazon*. Box 4150, Call office.
BAKERY, stationery, candy! circulating l~-
brary; 4 nice living rooms. 323:) Mission. Et.
CORNER grocery and baV in Western Addi-
tion; this is a bargain. Inquire 1740 Eddy st.
CORPORATION controlling business estab-
lishcd 18C5, detlres energetic business man
who can furnish unquestionable reference as
to ability and Integrity to take management
of branch office for th« State of Cal.; nalary
$2500 per annum. Address Auditor's Dept.,
box Ki«. Madison. Wis.
GET your share.*! Great success! See the new
mw filins machine. Office room. 4 Flood
bldg.. or at M. P. SCHELL'S. Model Maker
52*J Mission st.
FOR SALE^ — Saloon and garden; 3 years' lease.
117 City Hall ave., nt»r Larkin et.
FOR SALE— Neat restaurant. 3 living rooms,
cash register. $350; only those meaning busi-
ness ncc-d answer. Box 2491, Call office.
EXCEPTIONAL opportunity for first-class
hustler with small capital. Box 1723, Call.
KALOON with 4 rooms; good place, inquire
EIEBE. BROS. £ PLAGEMANN. ,
BUSINESS CHANCKS — Continued.
A SNAP — Must be sold at once: sixty- room
corner loJgins-house. right dov/n in heart of
the city; only opened about elx months and
everything new and modern; will be sold for
less than co?t. Apply In a hurry to room
HOt. Call buildins. Third and Market sts.
TO LEASE"
On Mason st.. atfjoiriing the "Poodle Dog,"
a fine modern rooming-house of 105 rooms,
under construction, but almost finished; 50
single rooms and Ho baths; great location;
ro&sonable rent; a sure money winner if run
on t:ie right plan. Specie & Co.. 007 Market.
FOU SALE — Furniture, carpets and good will
of a new brick apartment-house of 175 rooms.
In the city's tVr-t-Ilfpt locality; partly furnish-
ed and although just opened. Is over half
fi!le<! with ! regular tenants already; long
lease; if you want an apartment-house don't
fail to get particulars of this at room!
_U(M-05. Call building.
NEW HOTEL FOR~SAL]E
Hrand new brick hotel 10O rooms, magnifi-
cently furnished, with the best grade of fur-
niture and carpets: located In the heart of
the high-grade residence hotel section on a
corner and equipped with every modern ho-
tel convenience, such as electric lights, elec-
tric elevator, steam heat, phones in every
room, billiard-room, grillroom. etc.; Ions
lea«e.-y Apply rooms 14<M-05. Cal} building.
A SACRIFICE— Modern rooming-house, ele-
gantly furnished: all new;/low rent; can be
bought for less than the value of the furni-
ture; will pay a big income. GEORGE W.
AUSTIN'. 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
RKSTAURANT for sole; established 15 years;
fine trade; must be sold; owner has other
business; make an offer. 451 Fourth st. ; i
call to-day before noon.
WANTED — A responsible gentleman to help
me flncnclally to formulate an invention that
will a&tonlsh the world In producing me-
chanlcal power. Address box 4168. Call.
BAKERY: fine location In Kio VUta; good
baker will do well. Address DAN Mc-
GHAUGH. Rio Vista. Cal.
FOR sale or rent — Fully equipped, modern,
paying hospital In Southern California city.
Address P. O. box 467. San Bernardino.
BOARDING-HOUSE: o rooms all filled; good
business. 1031 McAllister st. ¦
U200— OYSTER and chop house; great bargain;
cheap rent; clears {160. 65 3d St.. room I.
FOR SALE — An inside route on this paper.
For particulars apply at office.
A bakery; delicacy; all store trade; $25 a day;
yr'.cf ?1SQQ; no agents. 715 McAllister »t.
LOl)Gl\G-HOUSi:S FOK SALE.
100 ROOMS; hou?e for men: rent $140. ...$4000
6S rooms; south of Market; rent $100.. 2000
24 rooms; corner: part cash; bal. easy. SEO
11 rooms; good Income; rent $20 350
21 rooms; water front;" rent $40; lease.. C50
120 rooms; good lease; low rent 6500
67 rms.; apartments; Western Add. ;rent 250
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels, roadhouses. flats 5 to 100 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
FOR sale — 10 rooms; several baths; separate
shower baths; completely furnished; long
lease; centrally located; clears $250 per mo.;
house always full; first-class boarders; price,
SfOOO. For particulars address box 4155 Call.
A— PETERSEN & LARSEN,\1035 Market st!
Otfer select bargains in office and sunny
room buildings of 32 rooms with lease.
FOR sale — 8 rooms: nlc»ly furnished and clean;
piano included: rent reasonable. 6'£ Polk st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
AIR. compressed, dry, ice cold, is now univer-
sally used in sanitarily cleaning carpets, on
floor, without removal or Injury; prices mod-
erate. Apoly S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. /Tall bis.; phone Main 5237.
WHEN you become dissusted with your work
send for SPAl'LDIXG'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 355-o57 Tehama st.; tel. South 40.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co., J. McQueen,
proprietor, 329 Guerrero st.; tel. Mission 49.
TRY HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet-beating;
mattresses made over. 1432 Howard ;fiouth 210
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 31)4. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Props.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel.Mlssion 263.
COXKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
333 Golden Gate ave. ; telephone Eait 126.
SPIRITUALISM^
ARRIVED— PROF. FRED P. EVANS, the fa-
mous psychic; stamp for circular. 1112 Eddy
St.. near Octavia.
FREE — Your fortune told: send birthdate and
three 2-cent Btamps now. DR. BEST, 144,
D 166, ChlcaD.
DR. COLLINS, clairvoyant trance medium;
read, dally; circle to-night. 8. 1040 Market.
A — ETHEL CRINDLE. materializing seance.
Wed.. Frl. and Sun, eves.. SOc. 1115 Poet st.
KATIE HEUSSMAN. circle Friday evening,
25c; sittings. 1000 Harrison st., cor. Sixth.
MRS. J.' J. WHITNEY, trance clairvoyant,
business medium and life reader. 416 Turk.
•EDWARD EARLE. 1052 Ellis, readings daily,
9:30 to 4;, seances Sunday and Thursday.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ATTENTION— $1 $1 $1 $1 $1
My regular $3 readings this week for
$1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 *1
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE.
Th~ first registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist ever in San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee
to make no charge if I fall to tell you your
name, occupation and what you called for; I
promise to tell you whether husband, wife
whom and when you will marry: in fact, I
will tell you even' hope, fear or ambition
better than you can tell yourself; I Improve '
your character eo that you will reach the '
highest possible development in mental vig-
or, health, happiness and capacity to earn
wealth, so you will live happy and contented
the rest of your life. Hr's — 10 a. m. to 8 p.
m. ; Sunday, 2 to S. 32<>— O'Farrell Et. — 320.
MME. M. BERNARD j THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st;, next Examiner
bldg.; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
j present happenings and portrays events to
occur in the future; If you are in trouble, dis-
contented or not satisfied In life, or have do-
mestic, love or business troubles, consult this
great medium and ycu will be told how to
overcome them; valuable advice In all affairs
of life; 25c up; satisfaction guaranteed; read-
ings by mall. Tel. Black 45C9.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
St., cor. Turk; private readings dally, 10 a.
m. to S p. m. ; readings by mail as satisfac-
tory as in person; 3 questions answered, $1;
full life. $5; send lock of hair, date and year
of birth; don't send currency. Send postofflce,
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
A— MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
ond sight; tells the past, present and future;
ladies. 50c; gents, $1; by cards, palmistry
end clairvoyant sitting; $1 50. 126 Turk st.
Mrs. A. H. Kronenberg. palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader, will slvo a good reading, 10c, for
a short time only; when others fail try me to
convince yourself. 402 Franklin, near Grovo.
MISS ZEMDAR. youns gifted clair. and palm.;
has second sight: a wonderful prophetess;
gives names: L. SOc: G. $1; 3, questions by
mall.$2;hrs. 10 to 9. 714 Franklin, nr.G.G.avc.
LATEST arrival; Mme. La Mar, who predicted
the Galveston disaster; card reading and
palmistry; I. 25c. g. SOc; hours 11 a. m. to 9
p. m. Call 1212 Mission St.. bet. 6th and Oth.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice-
names given; 25c up. 5 4th at., near Market.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25c
gents SOc. 051 Mission st., nr. Cth: open Sun.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; ladles
25c; gents 60c; readings dally. 132 Sixth st.
MME. MARSEAU. clairvoyant card reader;
love, marriage, business; 25c. 515 Minna st.
MRS. L. EHRHORN. clairvoyant and palmls-
try; sittings dally, 25c. _tol Linden ave.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in city
26'£ Kearny, room 20; ladles 25c. gents 50c!
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader- sit-
tings dally. 44S% Jessie st.. bet. 5th and Gth.
A WEEK'S new» for 5 cents— The Weekly Call
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. Jl per year!
CHIROPODISTS? ~~
D"N LAP FOOT INSTITUTE. 50 Geary— All
ailments of the feet cured; corns, bunions.etc.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
R\NGHART^t~vVEYERi
Collector^
No. 1170 Market st. - Room 37.
B AD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 41C Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. 55S0.
DJKJiSS3LAJ[tl3R£A.XD SEAMSTRESSES
McDowell dressmaking
and millinery school
Has completed 12 years of successful work;
.we teach everything. a first-class cutter or
milliner is required to know to fill position or
start In business ; increased corps of teachers-
now is the tlmo to enter; patterns cut to
measure :linings fitted. 1010 Market.above Oth.
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
— Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market.
ACCORDION, sunburst & -knife plaiting. Stew-
arf» button & buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor.
CHlirCH SRRVICGS.
UNITARIAN Church (First). S. W. cor. Geary
and Krankha bis. — Rev. Bradford Leavltt.
minit-ter. Rev. liradforJ Leaviit and Charles
A. Murdock. supts. or Sunday tchool. Junior I
t hurch and Sunday echool are al 10 o'clock.
The morning service is at 11 o'clock. Hev.
Bradford Lcavitt will preach; gubject, "'The
Higher Incentive." <\>mniunicn service at
< !o«e of regular service; parents may leave
•.luir children with the kindergarten during
wrvicf ; music by quartet, under direction or
U. Bretherick. orgaairt. All are cordially
Invited. There is no evening service.
UNITARIAN CfanrcSl (Second), corner 20th and
«"4IP ftc. <Vake Mittion or Valencia car.)
Hev. Jny Wilham Hu.ison. minister; resi- j
aencr. :<t>0 *'h\>^ Ft. Tht* morning service is j
at 11 o'clock. Mr. Hudson will preach: sub-
ject, "What the World Owes the Catholics."
Music by orchestra ar.<1 choir, dlrectod by
.lablfh I'lrnxnt. The Sunday Fchool meets
*t 9:«; W. C. Maxwell, rujjerlntendejt; no
ifgular evealas service.
CALVARY .4'rtFhyterian Church, corner of
Jsckton and Fillmore uts.— P.cv. John Hntip-
hlll. D.D. pastor. Morning sen-ice at 11
o'clock Sermon topic. "A Strange Misno-
mer." Evening service at 7:45 o'clock. Ser-
mon topic "The Joy of Service." The pas-
tor will pr^arl, at Iwth ¦ervteeo. In th«
rvening there will bo a special service of
*ing conFi«'.ng entirely of selection* taken
from our new hymnal. Sabbath school at
9.:.tf> a m. ; orcheftra mu^lc. Christian En-
<!*avor meeting at «:S0 p. m. Prayer meet-
ing Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock. All are
cordially inviud.
CENTRAL <"hurrh (Methodist Episcopal).
Mi**ior. st.. between Sixth and Seventh —
Partorf. Arthur H. Briggi. and Herbert F.
Hriggi. »:30 a. «n.. Sunday-school, Rolla V*.
Watt, superintendent. 11 a. m.. sermon by j
Arthur H. Itriggs. Subject, "What b the
Church For?" 6:15 p. m.. Societies of .
<~hri5ti»n Endeavor. 7:SO p. m., concert. ]
Programme: Overture — "Lutsplel" (Keler- j
Bela). crchettra: selection. "Pilgrim <'ho- |
rus" from Tannhauser < Wagner*, orchestra; j
ecprano aolx '>'ancta Maria" (Faure). Mrs. j
ft. H. Robb: inarch. "Coronation" (Mryer- 1
b*«r>. orchestra. * P- m.. sermon. Topic,
"Rites and Rightne«,." Herbert F. Brings i
will preach. The scats are free and the j
people are welcome. ;
FIMFSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church, coiner Hayes and Buchanan st«. —
Hev. John Stephens, rastor. This Is the ;
]»t Sunday of the church year. The pastor ¦
will preach at 11 a. m. on "Force of Char- j
r.ct»r" and at 7:45 p. m. on "The New San i
Francisco and the Forces That Will Create •
It" Sunday school at 12:45 p. m., C. B. i
IVrkfrs, superintendent. Epworth I^eagua
at 6:-l5 p. nr. Dr. R. O. Moody, president. '
CALIFORNIA Street Methodist Church, corner i
fiiiforma and Broderiek Fts. — "Visions of I
Immortality" will be the subject at 11 a. j
m. "A Me*h*Ke for Labor Day" will be 1
the subject lit 7:45 j«. m. J. H. Hallowell. j
"t-pajii^t find ohor!rter. Sunday school, 9:45 j
t. m. Epworth League. <5:45 p. m.
GRACE Church 1 Methodist Episcopal), corner 1
Twenty-f.m and Capp sts. — Rev. Francis M. !
I.arkin. Ph. D.. pastor. Services 11 a. m.
and 7:45 p. m. Morning subject. "Our Own |
< hurch." Evening subject. "The Dying of I
I>eath. - ' i
ST. JOHNS Presbyterian Church, corner Cali-
fornia and Octavia streets— Rev. George G.
Kldredge, pastor. Morning service at 11
o'clock. Evening service at 7:45 o'clock, at
which there will be a special musical eer-
* ice. Sunday school at 0:45 a. m.; Christian
i:nd*a*or Society, vacation. Prayer meeting,
I'lRST Presbyterian Church, Van Ness ave.
sud Sacramento tt. — Rev. William Kirk
«;uthrie, pastur. Morning service, 11 a. m.
Subject. "Fulfilling the Law." Evening
aerrfce. 7:45. The pastor will preach at
l-oth services. Sabbath-school. 12:30 p. m.
<"hristian Endeavor. ti:15 p. m. Wednesday.
* p. — i midweek service. Leader, Rev. W.
K. Guthrie. AH are cordially invited.
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Post and
Mason sts. — Rev. George C. Adams, D. D..
pastor, will preach »t both services.. At 11
». m.. topic. "They That Trust in the
Lord"; reception of members and Holy Com-
munion. At 7:45 pk m., topic. "The Head of
All Principality and Power." All arc cor-
dially invited.
THIRD Congregational. 15th st., near Mission
—Rev. William Rader will preach at both
services: residence. J2S Haight St.; phone
Park ;C9. At 11 a. m.. "The Stone Memo-
rial." At 7:45 p. m.. "Everyman"— the the-
_oirgy and lesson of the morality play.
TRINITY «"hurch. corner Bush and Gough |
¦t*. — Re\- F. W. Clampett. D.D.. rector. I
Holy communion. 7:30 a. m.; Sunday school, j
9:H0 a. m.; morning service and holy com- '
rnunion. 11 o'clock; afternoon service 4
o'clock; rector will preach at both services.
All are cordially invited.
riKST Church of Christ. Scientist. Central |
Mock. 22.1 Sutler tt.. bet. Kwray and Grant !
ave. — Christian Science service at 11 a_ m.;
subject of lesscn-sermon, "Substance." Sun-
day school for children at the came hour;
Wednesday evening meettnc at 8 o'clock;
fire reading room. 2fX> Kearny tt., rooms
T-iQ-olO: all are welcome.
FIRST Baptist Church. 32O Eddy St. — Prcach-
ing at 11 a. m. and T:3O p. m. by Rev. Dr.
Ra!«iwin. Bible school al 12:30. Y. P. S.
C E. at «V.3(i. Prayer meeting Wednesday
at 7:45 r. -n. Seats free and all invited.
A GRHAT, rally for men to-<Jny (Sunday) at
3 o'clock at the Younjr Men's Christian As-
sociation Auditorium: EL D. Allen, the noted
crayon artist and chalk talker of Tennessee
will t.,-wak: subject, "The Sowing and the
harvm Time." C. E. Robeson. violinist, i
*nd Mr. Elliott, harpist and barytone solo-
itt. will furnish music. Seats free and all
nifii welcome. :
THE Th^osophical Society — Col. H. S Olcott,
preeident-foundcr: hindquarters. Odd Fel-
Ir.ws- building. Public lecture at 8 p. m.,
hjr I>r. Jerome A. Anderson; subject "Black
M.ijrlc." Lotus Group. 11 a. m. Study class
Thursday. 2:C0 p. in.
THE Th<Hwo;»hical Society, Golden Gate Lodge
— Popular !et-ture to-nlcht. K o'clock on
••Color." by >i:ss M. A. Walsh. Flood huil<3-
ing. 80!) Market St.. headquarters. Library
'**ai reading-room open dally. 1 to 4 p ni
P.Vr\'. E. A. ROSS at Peniel Hall. Pine and
Kjtmmr. Sept. «-20. both inclusive, at « p. m
At 4r> Third st. Sundays. «-13-20 at 2::;0 p.m] >
gKmHi.UO Brotherhood. Z>V0 Van Nc«s ave
open meetings Thursday evening 8 o'clock;
good t-p^aliTs and music.
gg MEKTir:S»i SCJMJAyT
TKSTS. fr*^. 003 Market, front hall 2 and
7:.-{Q. Wilson; 7 ;.;o. M r5 . Gi'.lingham. Tobias.
V. Q. XEHOAN holiis test seance every night
excrpt pat.. 10c; sit,; 10 to 5. US Cth st.
UCS. WINi'HESTCR. trance medium. 1C03
'.lay fet. — M«*tlr.sf. Sunday, R; Tuesday, 2.
I.IRS. STODUARD'S seance*. ir>c: some tests
recognized; Sun.. Tues. ; sit. daily. 278 9th.
K. HEfFSMANN. '.m Market. Cclarthe Hall,
t.i-night: spiritual ncsraccs; admission free!
MMK. YOING'S convincing cplrit messages to-
nlglit. inc. «;lf< McAllister; ccnie. skeptics.
FRI r.VDS B I P Hall. -Til'McAlIister— Mrs. cTj
Mfyer; sit, tial.y; test circle every night: 10c!
KARLE'S crand tlate «nd test seance lo-night
1O.j^ Fll'.s tt.; £.>.
M'MIAY LECTEHlis!
AA— DR. J. DEPEW KERGANS free lec-
t ,? n ., tbi *~ eye"*"* Et Crystal Hall. Pythian
:.a*tle aro Market bt : tubject. "The Clitni-
i!-tiy of the Mind." followed by views of a
l f ' ur °V arl6 vr e<? ftekets will be distributed
.or X-Ray exhibition at sanitarium on Tues-
.izy evening; remember the question box-
gptclal music. '
O. N. ORLOTV will deliver a lecture
In Golden Gate Hall (upstairs), 013 Sutter «t
this evmii.g at 8 o'clock tharp; subject.
*>~j, Tl ' e . UrCiae « Of AH Thoughts."
Good inunc and free.
"!« : HKNItY Ki'.A.VK.
\ * en :, Tork . Golden G«t<? Hall, this morn-
? - a -" <1 lhc Cluht of the Creed." Seats free
TO-NIGHT. Steinway IJ a M. 223 Sutter at 8-15
Pr. Mclvor-Tyndall in marvelous manifesta-
tions- of the sub-conscious mind; lecture on
• xPi 1 ?" 1 , K1 «* r * c »y. " by Albert J. Atkins.
M. U.. famous dibcoverer of life principle.
SWA MI TRIGrNATITA will deliver hl« sisth
/ C^T. 0 Y'-*r\ t0 Ov<?rcon »e Sensitiveness'
to-nisht. S o clock, tt S'elner St.; admission.
25c. \edanta. Society. '
"IJATTLE of the Korces." "CltanEing the
iVmr.l*." II and 7:SW; Thaddeuu Fritz of
K«rwart Movement. Occidental Hall Lar-
kln and McAllister. '
•SOVi"-~lx-cttire, Henry Harrison Brown.
"Male iJlt Kasy." a practical lesson lec-
MuVlc **!'o»B' bldg., S p. m. sharp.
K \V'-., U1 i KTO:CK - M- *>- >«^ture S Golden Gate
Hall, fcunday. S p. m. Subject, "Instinct."
1 1 ee.
MEETIXG JVOTICES.
TO the offlors and members of the Rig- >?•— fl
gers* xr.C fctrvrdcrt-*- Vnion Afcsocia- ¦^SK i r
tion. Local 222. of the I. L. M. an*l T. Asso-
clation.— You arc hereby iiotlfled. to appear
at our hall, COS Front Etreet. on MONDAY.
S«pten:ber 7. at 7 a. m.. to participate in the
Labor day parade. By order of
THOMAS F. BRYANT. President.
HKXRT JEM), nee gee.
MHCHANICfi* INSTTTCT^. Quarterly Meeting
Notice— The quarterly meeting of the mem-
berit of the Mechanics' Institute will be held
)n the Mechanics' Institute Library building.
.11 I'cst »t.. San Francisco, on SATURDAY*
»*T>t. i*. 1903 at 8 p. m. Reports of 01 fleers
will be read end amendments to the constitu-
tion will !>«• considered.
JAMLS G. EPAULDING, Rcc. Sec
HELP AVAJVT^D—^IAL^—^c^,,^
r OPE>T TO-DAY— SUNDAY.
MURRAY Jt READY.
6G4-«36 Clay »t. Flume Main 5»4».
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
1002 WE GAVE "2&TSKSS
45.000 MEN WORK. *»>¦*«»> JH;* X ' OUK '
TO-DAY WE SHIP FREE r°. r _ nN -.
OREGON LOS-ANGKLE3.
haVvXhan islands, v/illits. ukuh.
AND ALL POINTS S. P. and Kjnta Fe.
NORTH. EAST and SOCTILv
RAILROAD HELP, of every Ue'criptlon. in-
cluding driller?, hammer an.l corner men.
muckers, laborers, teamsters. bUcksn-itn*.
cooka and wafers. Kt. $4. $;:. *J day. f^*i r i
MURRAY & RKA DY. rt--;t-«3tf Play »t. __
com'e. _i
365 laborers, teamsters. <-ity and .eo.ir.try
jobs. ?2. ?2 50 and $3 day. All class*-? of
work. Come, see.
153 Italians J2 23 day.
You board yourselves. feteaay j^db.
26 laborers, free fare. II miles away. $42
and fourd. 1_ •
155 coal miners, free fare. $3 to $j day.
lS laborers, teamsters. Willlts. Lkiah. fre«
fare. $'.7 50.
Do You Know — Free fare —
On every train we i-hip to S. P. Co. s own
work on all divisions, laborers, extra gans*;
a ' 3 ° £?AMOSD M MATCH COMPANY.
ISfl teamsters and ax men. $.5. f
107 laborers and drillers. ?-5.
155 track layers, ballot track. $«. »0.
rv>-t v»u only $1: no discount: steady J;>b
MINES? QUARRIES. TUNNELS.
155 laborers, you'll suit. $.U\$^ found.
98 miners and tlmbericen. *SX) g™*-
156 quarrymen. also drillers. *S2 to $00.
StabS£- rAR3Ss."»AIMES. HARVEST.
f O « FJrm?' o^bard: vineyard hands. $=0 tc
38 5 mH U kers. butter makers $30 $35. $40 . fd.
156 harvest hands, hay balers $ST 50. $0 day
68 choremen. coachmen, gardeners. *.>!» to
$5O and found. ,, rt »„•»!*
13 stablemen, city and country. $•><> to $4»
80 U men for brickyards, $35 to $30 found.
MARRIED HELP WANTED.
12 men anJ wives, farms, orchards, mines,
mill,. $40 to $70 •n-.^n-: & READT<
{34-638 Clay st.
TV-HERE ARE THEY?
R6 lumber trusts and syndicates.
Located in Four _ 4 St^**
Managers here. Two Territories.
FREE— FARE— FREE.
»05 laborers, no experience wanted, $33 t»
$70 and found.
1SS experienced mill and yard men, $4O tu
$150 and found.
SS3 woodchoppers, $10 to $150 and found.
3S6 woodchoppers. tiemakers. shingle, post,
picket and box bolt makers: toola and pro-
BkTl ° Jn ' MURRAY & READY.
TRUSTS. 634 and Clay st.
A— COOKS — BIG PAY. -^
COOKS. BIG PAY. COOKS. COOK3.
26 cooks for harvest and fruit ranches, har
presses etc. $70. $6O. $50. $4O. $30 found;
very few men to cook for; m> women there.
4 cooks for different mines. $70. $65. $50, $40
and found.
46 cooks, hotels, restaurants, cafes, saloons,
etc $70 to $40 and found.
WAITERS.
82 waiters, different places. Including cafe*,
grills $45 to $30 found.
6 bell and elevator boya. city and country
positions $15 to $30 found.
9 porters and bedmakers. city and country
positions. $45 to $20 found.
86 dishwashers, etc.. for city ana all parts
of California $40 to $25 found.
IS boys to learn trades and work In facto-
ries. $6 to $12 week.
COOK NEVADA, $50; FARE PAID.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
' EXCEPTIONAL GOOD MINE.
15 laborers no experience wanted. $87 50.
MtyRAT & READY. 634-«i« Clay st.
ITALIANS— FREE FARE— ITALIANS.
S6 laborer. Humboldt Co.. Lumber Co.; man-
ager at our office $;»5 to $50 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-6:;i> Clay st.
ARE YOU GOING FRUIT PICKING TO-DAT
OR TO-MORROW"? 205 men wanted: any-
body can do the work; a man or a boy wh»
can eat fruit can pick fruit,
$1 FEE. $1 FARE.
FRUIT $30 found. FRUIT
PICKING $20 found PICKING
TO-DAY. $^0 found. TO-DAT.
Some to work about packing and dry houses;
you can have a good vacation. Go. coma
back with $90 to $120. We ship NORTH.
EAST. SOUTH; also many to the great
wineries.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay »t.
SPECIAL — BY — TELEGRAPH
MIDNIGHT — BY — PHOXE & LETTEK.
, 16 runch teamsters, different jobs, &£ to $40
and found.
TUOLUMNE CO.— FARE PAID.
30 laborers, flrst-claas lumber company, $(50.
ARIZONA TO-NIGHT.
EUREKA— HUMBOLDT-^FARE PAID.
32 laborers. b!<j. good lumber co.. $6O to $75.
EL DORADO COUNTY— FARE PAID.
10 more laborers, big lumber trust. H2 & fd.
RESERVOIR WORK.
2t> laborers and teamsters, fare $1 50. $67 50.
FREE FARE.
55 carpenters, all plain work, only few
tools. *OO.
16 laborers or carpenters' helpers, no tools,
$60.
€8 TRACKMEN. NEW WORK. $67 30.
2 tank coopers, winery. $3 00 day.
5 young men. distribute bills. $1 25. $1 50 day.
10 men for dry yards packing houses, north.
$32 5O and found.
26 lumber pliers. Santa Cruz County. $6O.
B laborers, surface work, gold mine, south-
east, $t>7 50.
Tallyman and lumber grader, ?3 day.*
Best places. MURRAY & READY,
Biggest Wages. K34-K3B Clay st.
FREE TO HUMEOLDT TO-DAY. FREE?
! t>5 laborers, bis lumber company. $35 found.
3 waiters, mine, north, $30 found
Furnaceman, Srt7 50; brick temperer, $2 ot)
day; baker's helper, $40 found.
FACTORY. 30c FARE.
12 laborers, board yours-elves. $67 BO
MURRAY & READY. «J4-63g Clay it.
CARPENTERS — FREE FARE.
MILLWRIGHTS. CARP. HELPERS.
8 carpenters, northeast, free fare, $30
3 carpenters, Northern Cal.. free fare, *J0
I 4 carpenters, southeast, free fare. $DO
7 carpenters' helpers, north, free fare, . $6rt
G carpenters, private work. 60c fare. $9O
4 carpenters, large -winery, fare $S. $40 fd.
4 canenters. lumber company, plain wort
fare $2 5)0. $73. "
Carpenter, ranch. 30c fare, $10 fd.
SPECIAL. TTr- *
5 millwrights, lumber Co., boss here, $4 day
and found.
15 carpenters. 6 helpers, big water power,
south, $00. $67 50.
Brakeman. log loading train, fare $2 £0.
$2 50 day. Jr"
Foreman, grain ranch, fare $1. boss here. $50
and found.
, ENGINEER.
Donkey engine, free fare, boss here. $3 day.
Chaa. Esetrand and W. J. Toung, mill-
wrights, wanted.
2 laborers, handle Iron, city. $2 ja day.
"Waiter and tend bar. fare $1 25, $35 fd.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay gt.
WANTED — For the U. S. Marine Corps, able,
bed led. unmarried men. between 21 and 35-
good character; must speak, read and writ*
English; marines serve at sea on men-of-war
in all parts of the world, on land in our isl-
and possessions, and at naval stations In tb«
United States. AppU At recruiting office 40
Ellis st.. San Francisco. Cal.: 222V» N. Mala
st.. Los Angeles. Cal.. and 401 K »t.. Sacra-
mento. CaL
WANTED— Experienced silk salesman for re-
tail dry goods house to take charge of de-
partment; good salary; city references re-
quired. Address M. R. & CO., box 170flL
Call office.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor has
added 1C0 new rooms to. the Denver Hous?
217 Third St.; 250 rooms; 25c to SOc per nlgh^.
"WANTED— Rough carpenters and laborers."
App.y room 14. 20 Montgomery st.. San
Francisco Construction Company.
T^jy» rr m«n'» shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 U> pair: foot-form shoes at $2 50- we pay
express or mail chgs. 11 Third st.. Exam. bid.
BOY about 16 years; references. Carson GloVi
Co.. 12:; Second st.
COATMAKER for country. REISS BROS &
CO.. 24 Sutter «t.
STEADY, active boy for wholesale house: stat*
age and experience. Box 2433. Call office.
MAN to do Janitor work for tuition in S. F.
Barber School. 741A Howard st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
, Australia. HERMAN'S. 2ti Steuart st.
P ?M SIO i J att> - E * A ' BUlU9 ' rOOm 40 - PheUa
_bldg^Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
Hotel. 4; Third st.. near Mar-
Ktt— ,UO rooms. Me night: reading roonu:
; Tree bug and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office tor Call advertisements and
subscriptions has Uen established at 10U0
\ al*-ncia street.
IIOTELS^^AXD nOARDl.XG-HOlsES.
THK PRINCETON.
-European plan.
Superbly furnished and the only hlgh-
f.li . !? slacn '^ h °tel in the city which is
operated on the European plan; IoctuJ at
.10 Jones st.. between Sutler and Post, and
reached by three street car ltnes; rooms
mostly arranged en suite, with bath; electric
lights, steam heat, long distance telephone in
r^^«" : bl '" ard and ««okiBS rooms an.l
•0Mb" SrtJlroom- rates aw wy »*-
HELP WANTED — FEMALE-— Con.
GIRLS — About 15. for factory work; good
wages; apply at once. AMES & HABKla.
100 Bacramento st.
ITALIAN lady who can sptak English wanted
to travel. Apply Girls' Directory. Central
ave. and Waller st. ,*':....';
GIRLS about 15 years to work on gloves:
wages to start. Carson Glove Co.. 123 Second.
WANTED — Finishers end quick sew«-rs. Ap-
ply N. SIMINOFF. 1228 Market sf.
COMPETENT cook for institution. 2341 Sut-
ter st.
WANTED — 2 ladles to travel with Rlnglings'
show; must be stout. Box 24301 Call.
TAILORESS as pants finisher and apprentice.
5>,4 Kearny tt.. room 17. top floor.
LADY agents on salary. Call 9 to 5. ofUce 3D,
Columbian building. 916 Market st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions oar. been established at lt/Jo
Valencia »t
HELP^U'AATEU— MALE.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
520 Sacramento st. — 520.
Phone Main 1191. cor. LeidesdorfC st.
CARPENTERS AND MILLWRIGHTS. ETC.
6 carpenters, large lumber company, north,
good long Job, see boss here.
4 millwrights, large sawmill, north, see
boss here, long Job, cheap fare.
3 millwrights, new lumber company, $3 50
day and found; soe boss ht-re: cheap fare.
8 carpenters, build large gold dredger; very
long Job, $1 75 fare. $82 50 found.
5 laborers, help carpenters, etc., same
place, long Job. $45 found.
We ship to Willits. to Chico. to Caspar, to
Marln County tunnel on the S. P. R. R.
• Co-'s own work to Diamond Match Co., to
the B. C. R. R.. the N. S. R. R.. the S.
Fe R. R. and many other places.
Free fare both ways; special to-day, Sun-
day: call and see us to-day.
Powderman, $2 50: driller. $2 50 day; It's
north; free fare both ways.
We are open to-day, Sunday, from 8:30 a.
m. to 1 p. m.; call see us to-day.
Bedmaker. lumber company. B. H.. $30 fd.
1200 other Jobs not advertised: call and read
our bulletin boards. Also get a free list of,
jobs at PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGE?\-
CY. ,620 Sacramento st.
WANTED — 1 millwrights, long Job: s?e boss
in our office 10 a. m. Monday. $4 per day and
board. PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
WANTED Monday — Office open — Man about
place. $35 and found; assistant gardener. $25
and fcund; milker. $35 and found; old man to
care for place. $5 and found; 3 farmers and
wives, small places. $40 and found; boys for
mills and stores, $5. $6 and $7 50 week:
; all around laundryman for Institution. $40
and found; Jobbing blacksmith. $3 day; min-
era. $3 day; woodchoppers for mining com-
pany, $1 50 cord; quarrymen; laborers for
mill* and woods, mines, quarries, etc.. $2
and $2 50 day and $40 month and board;
furnace man. $67 50 month, and others. J.
F. CRO&ETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED Monday a. m. — Office open — Res-
taurant baker. $60; restaurant cook. $50 to
$U0; shop bak-sr. country, $13 week and
found, fare advanced; cook and wife, private
family. $50 to $60 and found: boarding-house
cook. $50 and found; restaurant third cook.
$50; cook for resort: cook for institution; 2
waiters and wives. $40 and $50 and found; 2
waiters, country hotels, $30 and found, fare
advanced; dishwashers, porters bedmakers
and others. J. F. CROSETT &. CO.. 623
Sacramento st.
AT C. R. HANSEN' & CO.. Employment Agcy.
429 Bush St.. «42 Clay st.
1000 men for R. R. work, Nevada and South-
ern California.
Free Fare. Ship To-day. $2, $2 50.
Rough carpenters for Humboldt Co.. saw-
mill; see boss here, $3.'
¦Waiters, country hotels. $30. $35, $40.
Extra waiters, country, $3 60.
Office open 10 a. m. Sunday, 7 a. m. Monday.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. Employment Agncy.
420 Bush st 642 Clay st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, r. 12.
Silver pantryman, $30; bell boys, $15;
waiters, $30. Open Sunday 9 to 11.
SHORTHAND in 30 days; Boyd's Syllabic; no
ruled lines: no shading; nothing to confuse;
only 9 characters; easily read; study by mall;
circulars, testimonials and first le^^on cover-
Ing one-fourth course, for two 2c stamps.
Chicago Correspondence Schools, incorporat-
ed. 62 National Life bidg., Chicago, 111.
TRAVELING salesman to handle staple line
especially adapted to holi.Jny trade; excep-
tional opportunity for wideawake hustler;
business established; references. Box 17
Detroit, Mich.
WANTED — Educated gentleman to locate in
Oakland and write short articles for publica-
tion: $1S per week: no communications an-
swered without references. Box 172O. Call.
BOYS «nd girls! Earn a watch and other, pre-
miums selling 18 of our gems at 10c each;
send no money; we trust you. Star Novelty
Co.. box t!2, Oakland. Cal.
WANTED — Boy about 15 years old to learn
grocery business; good chance for an honest
boy with ambition. Apply o a. n:. Tuesday
at 432 Pine st.
WANTED everywhere — Hustlers to tack signs;
distribute circulars, samples, etc.; no can-
vassing; good pay. Sun Advertising Bureau
Chicago.
DETECTIVES — Every locality; good salary-
experience unnecessary. International De-
tective Agency. Milwauiee, Wls.
WANTED — Traveling salesman for Cal.; cap-
able men for staple line to country mer-
ciiants; bond required. Box CCS. St. Louis.
GOOD boy to drive grocery wagon and be gen-
erally useful. BULTMANN BROS, corner
Twenty-sixth and Shotwell sts.
WANTED — Salesman for men's furnishing
goods department. Apply S. - N. WOOD &
CO.. 740 Market st. '
WANTED — Neat, bright cash boys. Apply su-
perintendent's office, the Emporium, Tues-
day.
WANTED— Boy for fruit store: $3 start. 3353
Twenty-sixth St.. corner Capp.
BOY for office; state age and experience. Box
1721. •
WANTED — Cash boys. Apply Tuesday 8:30 a.
m. I. MAGNIX & CO.. 43-53 Ellis st.
NIGHT cook and dishwasher. 185 Fourth st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged half
price. 563 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sta.
BOY about 17 for hardware store; one from
country preferred. Box 4164. Call office.
GOOD offer to man formerly employed on a
route. Address box 4169, Call office.
COOK for restaurant. 126 Ninth st.
CYLINDER platen pressman wanted. Address
box 4168. Call office.
BOYS wanted: good wages: steady work.
Illinois Pacific Glass Co.. 15th and Folsom.
FOR SALE — An Al country barber shop,
reasonable, doing a fine business, or will sell
half Interest. For particulars address E. M
H.. box 151. "Willlts. Mendocino Co., Cal.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 563 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2<J sts.
GOVERNMENT civil service examinations will
soon be held in every State; information and
questions used by the Government free Co-
lumbian Correspondence College, Washlns-
ton. D. C.
MEN toleirn barber trade: only eight weeks
required: special offer this month; catalogue
and full Information mailed free. MOLER
SYSTEM COLLEGE. 635 Clay St.
GOVERNMENT positions— Examinations soon-
write for free circular 14. giving various po-
citlons, salaries, etc. Polytechnic Business
Colleze. Oakland. Cal.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 SO pair: foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
expresM or mall chgg.. 11 Third st.. Exam. bid.
A MAN o» Indomitable energy and push a good
talker, eager to make money. F. person'
477 and 48S Parrott building. ¦ r<1 * aw> '
WANTED — A first-clasj delivery bill clerk
Apply between tt and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.'
SALESMAN wanted to carry ths Carlisle line
on Pac fie Coast; samples for sprin C now
ready; line well known to coast trade Ad
8HQEX0g%,.%g Pi: 6 " 11 "- CARi^LE
l^&f^^ * "
TR J R n Ur men< ? 8hoes ' unlon ma °>. at $1 and
' $1 .^° r Palr: foot - f "»u shoes at $2 50 or
orthopedic shoes. $3 50; best shoes on earth 11
Third St.. Eram. bldg.. 5 doors from Market?
* 00<J8 St ° re - lc^ Valencia
WANTED— Saw filer. 1315 Mission st
ence and reference. Box 4141. Can' nfn^'
cottages" to let.
NEW C-room cottage: 2542' Hyde st. : grand
view. OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post st. . ¦ -,
[ OBKTISTS. __^ _£
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting, 60c: gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs. ; crown, ?3 50; fillings. 50c;
plates, $5; full set; all work painless and war-
rafKed. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Pallors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Set teeth. »1 50 up; crowns. $2 up; flliinKs.2^s.
GOLD fillings, 75c; silver, 35c; crowns, $2; no
pain; open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewitt.204 Sutter.
10 PER CENT off this month; estimates free.
New York Dentists. 969 Mission St.. cor. 6th.
JPYEIXG AND CLEANING. '
SEA breezes sweeten all garments, blankets,
lace curtains, etc., done by the Presidio
Heights Dye Works. 3915 Sacramento; phone
for wagon. West 453. H. HICKMAN, pres.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GEORGE AOKlT^iTposTst. ; tel. Bush~135^
Japanese - Chinese employment office; fur-
nlshea best help; contracts for farm help, etc.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese- i
Chinese help. 426 Powell. Tel. Main 5752.
'A— GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 415
Stockton; tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable help
! CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
Leon Seung's, 411^ O'Farrell; tel. East 42fl.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main B188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1987. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
AN experienced infants* nurse with best, of
reference* wants situation; wages not less
than $30. Call or telephone Main 0472. MISS
PLUNKETT. 425" Sutter St.. near Powell.
COMPETENT Infant's nurse, capable of taking
full charge of infants from birth; no objec-
tion to country or travel. Call a. m. or
address C. E. C, 1803 Folsom «t. ; phone
Blue 2511.
YOUNG woman want* a situation to do general
housework and plain cooking in a small prl-
vato family. Please call at 2222 Po»t «t.
A TRUSTWORTHY, reliable woman as house-
keeper; thoroughly understands her business;
highest recommendations. Box 4161, Call.
DRESSMAKING by the day or at home; ex-
pert at tailor suits and evening dresses. 305
Larkin St.. rooms 42 and 43.
SWEDISH woman wishes work by the day;
first-class laundress; best of references. 1517
Turk street.
WANTED — By refined American girl, position
as second girl In small family; references.
Box 4150, Call.
WASHING or housecleanlng done by the day
by reliable woman. 1 Burgoyne pi., off Paci-
fic, near Leavenworth st.
SITUATION for a lady from New York as
nurse and companion or first-class house-
keeplng. 1164 O'Farrell st.
WOMAN wishes to go out cleaning by the day;
call 1 to 5 p. m. 221U4 Pine st.
ELDERLY woman will take charge of baby
or wait on invalid. 703 Devisadero st.
A SWEDISH girl wishes an easy place as
second girl. Box 4165, Call office.
YOUNG wjman wants position as a wetnurs*.
217 Elm ave., near Van Ness.
EXPERIENCED housekeeper wants position.
SC9 Polk st.
WANTED — Position as housekeeper. 19 Sixth
street.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister «t
A BRANCH offlcto fcr Call advertisements and
rubscrlptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
KHi'LOVMH.MT WAATKU MALK.
ELECTRICIAN of 7 years' experience in gen-
eral lighting and motor work desires steady
employment in city or country; construction
work or In plant; age 22. Box 4166. Call.
FRENCH couple with little child would like
position; man is good all-round man and
wife is good housekeeper; Oakland or coun-
try. 910 Peraita st., Oakland.
MAN and wife, experienced, want situations In
worklngmcn's boarding-house as cook and
helper; competent to take full charge. Box
4153. Call office. j
A MARRIED man, with experience as cellar-
man, would like a situation in a whisky
house; will give further details In regards to
work on application. Box 1722, Call.
FIRST-CLASS coachman; Swedish ;¦ private
family; thorough horseman and driver; very
best city and personal references. A. R.,
832 Mission st.
I AM a young man of 18. Just left art school,
and I want a situation where I can advance
myself; I am good with both pen and pencil.
Address J. D. BELL, 717 Golden Gate ave.
COACHMAN and gardener wishes situation
with a private family. Address box 819,
Call office, Oakland.
COMPETENT, reliable married man wants po-
sition to care for place: city or country; ref-
erences. Box 1725, Call.
EXPERIENCED baker's helper wants pjace
with hotel pastry cook. Address box 4162,
Call office. ,
SITUATION wanted: a handy man around
machinery: can run stationary engines. Ad-
dress Handy Man, 323 First St., city.
SITUATION wanted by young man; under-
stands care of horses, a good driver and can
milk; first-class references. Box 1719, Call.
CHECK clerk, near city preferred; Is an ex-
perienced timekeeper. Box 4157, Call office.
WANTED — Erick work; day or contract; rea-
sonable prices. Box 4160, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS German cook wants position by
day. 1533 Buchanan st.
SITUATIONS wanted by 3 young colored men;
competent waiters for hotel or clubhouse
parties: with good references. Address C.
P., 127 Second st.
ENGINEER (stationary) wishes situation; city
or country; can do own repairs: reference
given. Box 4144. Call.
MACHINIST, good all-round man, wants a,
Job In city or ehort distance In country.
Box 4147, Call.
CARETAKER— Wanted position as caretaker
or watchman by middle-aged man. Box 4145.
Call office.
JOBBING carpenter wants work at repairing.
Inquire fH)7 Capp st.; repairing neatly done.
TOUNG man. industrious and -capable, expe-
rienced stenographer, wishing to better him-
self, desires a position where there Is oppor-
tunity for advancement: please state salary.
Box 1707. Call office. '
RELIABLE German, middle-aged, single, tem-
perate, wants situation as watchman; ref-
erences, bonds. Box 1704, Call office.
CHINESE, first-class cook, wants situation In
hotel. W. W. Foo, 21 Brenham, olace.
A GOOD Japanese schoolboy wants situation.
KOYANAGI. 1320 Pine St.
JAPANESE boy wants good position to do
housework. 309 Clement st.
FIRST-CLASS Chinese cook wants position in
family or first-class hotel. 366 Ninth st.,
Oakland. _
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch of"ce. 2200 Fillmore.
FLATS TO LET.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list:
service absolutely free: take advantace of
this department; it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. J45-259 Geary
st., on the square.
EIGHTH ave., 750 (Richmond district, near
ParU) — Modern 0-room flat: appreciated if
seen; convenient to town, with all-night cars;
rent reasonable: open all day.
$11—2454 POST, near Broderick-r-8 rooms:
cheapest flat In the neighborhood. Appl^
at VON RHEIN R. E. CO.. 513 California.
HYDE, S41, near Sutter — Elegant modern flat,
10 rooms. 2 baths. McAFEE BROTHERS,
1CS Montgomery st. 1 v »
VALENCIA. 1531— Beautiful upper flat; Mis-
sion warm belt; C large rooms and bat*; 2
bay windows: sun all-around; reasonable.
$25— NEW modern, up-to-date, 5 sunny rooms;
• grand view city and bay. Church st., Twen-
ty-thlrd and Twenty-fourth sts.
"vVEST MISSION and Thirteenth st. flats; one
only of the new modern flats lert. OSCAU
HEYMAN.. 14 Post st. :¦:,/;-
A SUNNY upper flat, 4 rooms, bath; rent $16.
17C3 Hayes St., near park entrance.
AN 8-room flat and bath; modern. 1812 Val-
lcjo st.* '— — '¦
A 7-R00M flat and bath; modern. 1808 .Val-
lejo st. •
BAKER, 745 — Middle flat, C rooms: modern;
very sunny; new* near McAllister st.
BEAVER. 57^One block from Market and
sixteenth; new U-room flat; cheap. ,¦UNITED STATES ARMY TRANSPORT WHICH SAILED YESTERDAY
FOR THE PHILIPPINES WITH THE FOURTEENTH CAVALRY AND
I A BIG SHIPMENT OF- TREASURE ON BOARD.
- Time and Helchta of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The hlxh and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 2*
minutes, later than at Fort Point; the height or
tide la tha game at both places.
Movements of Steamert.
10 pkgs fresh fruits, 1000 bxs soap. 210 crts
garlic.
To New York— 78,260 gals wine. 597 Cs can
ned salmon 3767 pigs lead, 13,130 lbs dry
hides. 1 pkg dry goods. 178 cs soap, 3 pkga
machinery, 157 bales Junk. 721 lbs wax.
To Ecuador— 500 bbls flour.
To Hamburg, Germany— 82,570 lbs dTied
prunes.
In addition to the foregoing the steamer car
ried $100,000 in Mexican currency, consigned
to Acapulco.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. - • I Due.
W. H. Krugei Humboldt |Sept. 6
Redondo Humboldt jSept. 0
J. Dollar Seattle & Tacoma loept. U
Newburg Grays Harbor Sept. 6
Montara Port Harford Sept. 6
Q. Llndauer.. Portland Sept. 7
Czarina Coos Bay Sept. 7
Chehalls Grays Harbor Sept.. 7
North Fork... Humboldt Sept.' 7
Btate of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. Sept. 7
Sonoma Sydney & Way Ports. Sept. 7
Columbia Portland & Astoria Sept. 7
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports. Sept. 7
D*l Xorte.... Crescent City Sept. 7
Mackinaw.... Tacoma Sept. 8"
Centralla Grays Harbor Sept. 8
f>rona Humboldt Sept. 8
Phoenix Mendocino Sept. 9
S. Portland.. Portland & Astoria.... Sept. 9
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford Sept. 0
Queen Puget bound Port* Sept. »
Colon New York via Panama. Sept. 9
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom... Sept. 9
Eureka Humboldt Sept. 9
H. K. Maru.. China & Japan Sept. 10
S. Barbara... Seattle & Olympia Sept. 10
Point Arena.. Mendoclno & Pt. Arena Sept. 10
8. Monica San Pedro Sept. 10
Chlng Wo... China & Japan Sept. 10
Panta Rosa. . . San Diego & Way Pts. Sept. 10
Ran Pedro San Pedro Sept. 10
Pomoha Humboldt Sept. 11
Argo Eel River Ports Sept. 11
Coos Bay Pan Pedro & Way Pts. Sept. 11
Marlposa Tahiti Sept. 12
Uarda Hamburg & Way Pts. Sept. 12
O W Klder.. Portland & Astoria Sept. 12
Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma Sept. 13
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports.... JSept. 14
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. ISept. 15
F. H. Liggett Portland . , ISept. 15
Chas. Nelson. Seattle Ifeept. 15
TO SAIU
Steamer. Destination. Rails. I Pier.
September 0. I
Arctic Humboldt 9 amlPier 10
Phoenix Mendocino City ... 1 pmjPier 13
Kureka Humboldt » am Pier 13
Redondo.... L.os Angeles Ports. 3 pm Pier 2
Santa Rosa. B. Diego & W? Pts. 9 am Pier 11)
Coo* Bay. . gin Pedro Way Pts » am Pier la
W. H. Krug! Los Angeles Ports. 5 pmlPler 2
September 7. ]
Pomona.... Humboldt 11:30 plPler 9
Curacao Mexican Ports 110 am|Pier In
September 8. | I
Centralla... Los Angeles Ports.llO amfPier 10
Umatllla... puget Sound PortR.fll am|Pler 0
September 10. |
8. Barbara. t,o S Angeles Ports. 9 am | Pier 2
S. Monica.. Gray's Harbor 4 pm|P|er 2
Corona Humboldt l:3o plPler y
State or Cal. g a n Diego & Way. 9 am Plrr 19
Bonlta Newport Way Pts. 0 am Pier la
Columbia... Aeterla & Portland 11 am Pier 24
SanPcdro.. Humboldt 4 pm I Pier 2
..September ll. ]
Newburg... Grays Harbor .... 4 pmiPIer 10
Arcata Cogs B.&Pt. Orford 10 am,'l l ler u
Gaelic .. China & Japan 1 pm Pier 40
Nevadan... Hono. & Kahulul.. 3 pm Pier 16
J Dollar... Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am Pier 2
September 1J.
Chehalis.... Grays Harbor...... pje r 2
8 Portland. Astoria & Portland .. pi er 2
North Fork Humboldt 5 pm Pier 2
Ft. Arena.. Point Arena | 4 pm Pier 2
San Juan... N. Y. via Panama 12 m Pier 40
September 13.
Arco Eel River Ports.... 4 pm Pier 2
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 0
w September 14.
Rainier....- Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm Pier 10
September 15. |
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portlandill am Pier 21
September HI.
Alliance.... Portland & W. Pts. 5 pm Pier 10
September 17.
Sonoma.... Sydney & W. Pta. 2 pm Pier 7
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. **or. 1 Balu>
Dolphin Skagway & Way Pts. . |Sept. 6
Bertha Cooks Inlet & Way PtsiSepc. '<
Cottage City. • Bkagway & Way Ports. |Sept. o
Meteor. Nome & St. Michael... (Sept. 10
Humboldt.... Skagway & Way Ports. (Sept. 11
Farallon..... Skagway « Way Pts.. Sept. 12
Oregon Nome direct Sept. 12
City Topeka.. Skagway & Way Ports. Sept. 13
City Seattle. . Skagway & Way Ports Sept. 14
Santa Ana.... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts Sept. 18
Nome City.... Cooks Inlet & Way PtslSept 20
Portland Nome. A St. Michael .. ISept. 20
Kara Island and ValleJo ttteamsia.
Sun, Moon and Tide,
United States Coast and Geodetlo Surrey—
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
0:45 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sunday
Sunday, 0:43 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave ValleJo!
7 a. m., 12:30 noon, 6 p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun
day. 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Fare, 60 cents. Tel
Main 1508. Pier 2. Mlsslon-st. dock. HATCH
BXiOS. • •~ M^*»
Branch Hyflrographic Office. U." S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, Cal.,
September 6.
The time ball on. the Ferry building was
dropped exactly at noon to-day, 1. e., at noon
of the 120th meridian, or at 8 p. m. Greenwich
time. J. C. BURNETT,.
Lieutenant. U. S. N., ln Charge.
Time Ball.
To Colombia— 230 bbls flour, 30 cs canned
goods, 7460 gals wine, SO pkgs potatoes ISO
pksrs onions; 12 pkgs groceries and provisions,
Th© steamer Peru mailed yesterday for Pan
ama and way ports with a general merchandise
cargo, valued at $101,755. and distributed as
follows: For Central America. $34,894; Colom
bia $5186; New York.* $58,010; Ecuador, $1875;
Hamburg. Germany. $1800. Tho leading ex
ports were as follows :
To Central America — 3210 bbls flour. 3191
gals CO cs wine. 557 pkgs potatoes. 36 pkgs
onions, I860 lbs lard. 37 bxs paste, 1147 lbs
tea, 53.000 lbs rice. 60 pkgs fresh fruits. 127 cs
canned goods 4272 . lbs spices, 50 bales hay,
1100 lbs meals. 710 lbs raisins. 200 lbs dried
fruit, 107 gals 113 cs whisky. 48 gals brandy.
72 pkgs beer, 29 pkgs liquors, 85 pkgs groceries
and provisions. 11 cs salmon. 288 lbs cheese,
412 lbs pugar, 5000 lbs sulphur, 67 flasks quick
silver. 57 pkgs dry goods, 11 pkgs leather 62
eks coke. 34 pkgs machinery. 12 pkgs naiu,
110 kegs spikes. 15 bales bags, 12 cs paints
100 cs coal oil. 1006 lbs zinc, 768 lbs seeds
12 cs tar. 20,600 feet lumber. 279 bdls tank
material. 19 bdls steel, 1962 lbs soda, 92 bdls
Iron, 9 pkgs drugs. 80 pigs Iron. 31 cs 6 bbls
oil. 43 ;kgs pipe. 6 cs matches, 11,567 lbs
tallow. 20 reels wire. 20.000 lbs cement, 1 coll
rope-
The Peru's Cargo.
The "bark Mohican was cleared for Honolulu
yesterday with an assorted merchandise cargo
valued at $20,442, and Including the follow
ing: 290 bbls flour. 6204 ctls barley, 70 ctls
wheat, 54.171 lbs middlings, 1728 bales hay.
100,730 lbs bran, 359 ctls corn, 4280 lbs meals.
25 bags sugar. 2320 lbs beans. 81 pkgs gro
ceries and provisions. 7500 lbs salt. 2334 lbs
bread 15 bbls Ealmon. 50 pkgs beer. 131 pkgs
paints and oils. 25 pkgs paper. 85 colls rope,
5000 lbs starch, 175 bxs soap. 2 bales twine.
12.028 feet hardwood, 48.458 feet lumber, 5
pkgs dry goods, 3 cs rubber goods.
A Cargo for Honolulu.
The French ship Suzanne was cleared yes
terday for Hull, England, with 57,8."!2 ctls
barley, valued at $69,400. and 15,680 ctls
wheat valued at $22,700. The vessel also car
ried 2*5,000 feet of lumber as dunnage, valued
at $400.
Grain for England.
The steamer Rosecrans was cleared yesterday
for St. Michael, Alaska, with 1.008,000 gallons
crude oil ln bulk, valued at $36,000.
Crude Oil for Alaska.
The barkentine John Smith is chartered for
lumber from British Columbia" to Santa Ro
salla.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company's Cu
racao cleared yesterday for Guaymas. She
will sail to-morrow with a full cargo and a
number of passengers.
Clears for Mexico.
The British ship Beech Holm was added yes
terday to the overdue liet. She is out 51 days
from Philadelphia for Sundsvall and la quoted
ut 10 per cent. The rate of reinsurance on
the Slrius was advanced to 40 per cent and
the Arabia was marked up to 25 per cent
The Overdue List.
The Pacific Mail Company's steamship Peru
sailed yesterday for Panama and way ports.
She carried about a score of passengers and
27U0 tons of freight. Her cargo Included a
large shipment or California wine, 200 tons
of lead and 700 tons of flour.
Flour for Central America.
FORT BRAGG — Arrived Sept 6 — Stmr Na
tional City, hence Sent 4.
Arrived Sept S — Stmr Brooklyn, hence Sept 4.
Sailed Sept 6 — Stmr Noyo for Redondo
TATOOSH— Passed out Sept 5— Nor' stmr
Hero, for Ban Francisco.
Passed In Bept 6— Stmr City of Puebla. hence
Sept 3, for Victoria.
Passed in SeDt 6 — Stmr, Mlneola. hence Sept
2, for Tacoma.
PORT HABFORD- Arrived Sept 4— Stmr
Montara, hence Sept 3.
TACOMA— Arrived SeptjB— Stmr San Mateo,
hence Sept 1. . • .
Sailed Sept 6— Bark Hesper, for San Pedro
ASTORIA — Sailed Sept R-^Stmr Columbia,
for San Francisco;, stmr G C Llndauer, for
San Francisco.
1 SEATTLE — Arrived Sept 6— Stmr Chas Nel
eon, hence Sept 2; stmr Cottage City, from
Skagway.
Arrived Sept 6 — Stmr Melville Dollar, hence
Sejit 1. •
Sailed Sept 6 — Jap stmr RIojun Maru, for
Hongkonp.
EUREKA — Arrived' Sept 6— Stmr Corona,
hence' Sept 4; schr Ida McKay, hence Aug 27.
Arrived Sept ft-^-Stmr Alliance, hence Sept 3.
Sailed Sept P — Stmr Alliance, for! Portland;
¦chr John A, for San Francisco: schr UeLha
.POINT LOBOS, Sept 0, 10 p m— Weather
thick; wind calm.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
July 18, lat 20 N, Ion 23 W, Ger bark Ecua
dor, from Cardiff, for Puget Sound.
Aug 6. lat 13 S. Ion 8« W, Fr bark Mac-
Mahon, from Barry, for San Francisco.
TELEGRAPHIC.
SAILED.
Saturday, September 5.
Stmr A!amoda, Lawless, Honolulu.
Stmr Geo W Elder, Randall. Astoria.
Stmr Peru. Macklnnon. Panama, etc.
Stmr Rival, McCIements, Willapa Harbor
Stmr Greenwood, Johnson, Mendoclno
Stmr Point Arena, Miller. Mendoclno
Stmr Edith. Hall, Seattle.
U S stmr Logan, Stinson. Manila.
Br ship Cralgmore, Montgomery, Callao, via
Vancouver.
Fr bark L'Hermlte, Gueno, Antwerp.
Schr Bender Bros, Wetsel, Sluslaw River.
Schr Ida Schnauer. Brasting, Grays Harbor.
Schr Orient, Saunders, Coos Bay.
Schr Bessie K, Merrlam, St Vlnceate Land-
Ing.
SPOKEN.
Saturday, September 8.
Stmr Curacao, Poulsen, Guaymas; P C S S
Co.
Stmr Peru, MacKinnon. Panama and way
ports; Pac Mall S S Co. -*
Stmr RoaecranB, Johnson, Bt- Michaels; Mat
eon Navigation Co.
Stmr Alameda. Lawless, Honolulu; J. D
Spreckels & Bros Co.
Stmr Poirona, Swansen, Eureka; P C S S Co
Stmr Coos Bay, Nicolson, Ban Pedro: PCS
SCo. '
Ger ttmr Luxor, Timmermann, Hamburg, etc,
via Tacoma: J D Spreckels & Bros Co.
Br ship Crown of England, Higgtns, Port
Townsend ; Balfour, Guthrle & Co.
Bark Mohican, Kelly, Honolulu;. Welch 4 Co.
Fr bark Suzanne, Condroyer, Hull; Q W Mc-
Near.
Saturday, September 8.
Stmr Pomona, Swanson, 18 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Celia. Nordbergr, 19 hours from Al
bion.
Stmr Acme, Lundqulst, D2 hours from Coos
Bay.
Stmr Whltesboro, Olsen, 14 hours from
Greenwood. -
Stmr Alcaar, Martin. 43 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Despatch, Levlnson, 74 hours from
Portland. .
Stmr Santa Cruz, Glelow, 74 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Pacific, Johnston, 9 days 15 hours from
Odiak.
Ship Marlon Chilcott, Williams, 25 days from
Honolulu.
Schr Taurus, Held, 13 days from Everett.
Schr Sailor Boy, Lurman, 5V4 days from
Grays Harbor.
CLEARED.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 6.
Sun rises 5:43
Sun sets <J :33
Moon rises (full) 0:00 p. m.
d Time Tlmel ITlme Time
S Ft. Ft. I Ft. Ft.
?|L.W HW |LW HW
6 I 4:52| O.G|11:4S| 5.1 1 6:05| 2.0|U:20| 6.1
7 2:251 0.7112:101 5.11 5:4.31 1.71 1
H W| |L W| |H Wl |L W
8 0:00 B.O 5:6" 1.0 12::« 5.1 6:20 1.4
0 0:40 4.8 6:30 1.3 1:00 6.1 7:02 1.1
10 1:27 4.7 7:05 1.6 1:20 5.1 7:40 0.9
11 2:22 4.5 7:43 2.0 2:03 5.1 8:30 0.9
12 3:24| 4.3 8:30 2.4 2:51 5.1 8:33 O.7
NOTE — In the above exposition of ths tides
the early morning tides are given ln the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
d&y in the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights Klven are ln
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the meaa
of the lower low waters.
Judge M. M. Estee Is returning to Honolulu
on the Alameda. and among the passengers
were many well-known people, including the
following named:
J. W. Bernstrom. Mrs. BertTfltrom and two
children, Mrs. W. W. Bruner and child. J. K.
Burkett. Mrs. Burkett. Miss S. G. Clark. J. T.
Crawley. Charles Daly, Miss Jennie Denser,
Judge M. M. Estee, A. L. Hall, L. J. Healy.
Miss Alice McLean. J. T. Moir, Mrs. Moir and
four children, Miss Frances J. Moir. Miss
Louisa A. Moir, C. A. Musgrove, Mrs. Mus
grove, A. C. Olds, W. E. Roberts. S. Rosen
berg. S. L. Rumsey, W. H. Smith. R. W.
KpauMinK. Miss A. Tabor. R. A. Wadsworth,
Mrs. Wadsworth. P. L.. Weaver. W. 'Weinrich,
Mrs. Anna S. Wight, Mrs. F. Williamson. Miss
M. I. Zeigler.
Half an hour before the Oceanic Steamship
Company's liner Alameda Failed yesterday for
Honolulu the first "all ashore" whistle was
sounded. There was a subsequent whistle and
ln the interval between whistles a loudly
btaten gong announced the approach of the
hour for del enure. A well regulated ear lo
cated far out in the Mission could have heard
the whistles and the grong's harsh voice was
plainly audible for blocks around. There were
two women on board, however, so busily en
gaged ln the tearful task of bidding good-by
that neither whistles nor gong attracted their
attention and not until the gangway had been
hauled ashore and the lines cast off did they
reulize that the liner was ready to depart. It
was with a Joyous smile that Captain Howard
raw their signals, realized their predicament
and ordered the gangway replaced. Captain
Howard has several varieties of smile, and the
one he wore yesterday was the kind he re
serves for people and circumstanceiwthat In
terfere with the .sailing of a steamship on
schedule time. As the ladles tripped down
the hurriedly replaced plank they got a good
view of the superintendent's smile. "Let's
go," they said simultaneously and up the dock
they scurried, and as they disappeared the
smile that had lent wings to their flight slowly
wore away.
Alameda Sails for Honolulu.
ANTWERP— Sailed Sept 5— Stmr Vader
land. for New York.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Sept 5— Stmr Campa
nia, for New York; stmr Bovlc, for New York;
Btmr Carthagenian, from Glasgow, for St John,
14 F, and Philadelphia.
GLASGOW — Sailed Sept S — Stmr Mlnneton
ka, for New York. ¦
Arrived Sept 4^ — Stmr Ccrinthlan, from Mont
real.
SAGRES — Passed Sept 6— Stmr Lombardia.
from New York, for Naples and Genoa.
NAPLES — Arrived Sept 3 — Stmr Syrian
Prince, from New York, via Palermo.
MOVILLE— Sailed Sept 6— Stmr Columbia,
from Glasgow, for New York.
HALIFAX— Sailed Sept 6— Stmr Siberian,
for Philadelphia.
York.
HAVRE — Sailed Sept 6 — Stmr La Savbte. for
New York.- '.*-•*-
Arrived Sept 6 — Bark W B Flint, hence
Aug 20.
KAHULUI— Arrived Bept 8— Stmr Nebras
kan, from Honolulu. ¦ ...... ...'; j.; .;
FOREIGN PORTS.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Sept 4 — Br itn'r Cop
tic, hence Aug IS.
HONGKONG — Arrived Sept 5 — Stmr Siberia,
'from San Francisco, via Honolulu, Yokohama,
etc. •
LADYSMITH— Sailed Sept 4— Nor itmr Hero,
for San Francisco.
VICTORIA— Sailed Sept 6— Jap stair Rlojun
Maru, for Yokohama. •»
OCEAN STEAMERS. ', .
NEW YORK — Arrived Sept S — Stmr Etrorla,
from Liverpool.
Sailed Sept 5— Stmr Zeeland, for Antwerp;
stmr Anchoria, for Glasgow; stmr Lucanla. for
Liverpool; stmr California, for Leghorn, Mar
seilles, etc: stmr. Phoenicia, for Hamburg;
stmr Mlnnehaha, for London.
BROWKEAD — Passed Sept 0 — Stmr Cymric,
from New York, for Liverpool.
BREMEN— Sailed Sept fi— Stmr Koenlg Al
bert, for New York.
GENOA— Arrived Sept 5— Stmr Nord Ameri
ca, from New York.
ROTTERDAM — Arrived Sept 5— Stmr Noor
dam. from New York.
AMSTERDAM— Sailed Sept 5— Stmr Rhyn
dam, for New York.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Sept 6 — Stmr Celtic,
from Liverpool, for New York.
. CHERBOURG— Sailed Sept 5— Stmr Blucher.
from ' Hamburg and Southampton, for • New
SATURDAY. SEPTEMBER 5.
Martin J. Feeney to Frances Feenev, lot on
S line of Waller street, 117 W of Buchanan.
W 24 by 137 :C; gift. •
Edward M. and Louisa Stehn to Agathe L.
Vlllegla, lot on NW corner Hayes and Laguna
streets. W 31:3, N 72, \V 60. N 43, B 81:3,
S 120; S10.
Mary G. and William D. CKana to Ftor«nc»
L. May, lot on 8 line of Broadway. 171:10*4
W of Buchanan street, W 34:4% by S 132:6;
flO.
Alexander and Josephine B. McKay to Dan
lei J. Mercer, lot on B Una of Golden Gate
avenue, 137:6 W of Buchanan street, W 27:8,
S 137:6; S10.
"WHliam H. Grace M. and Samuel M. Crlm
and George S. Crlm (as trustee estate of Sam
uel Crlm, deceased, for William H. Crlm Jr.)
to William J. Axford, lot oa W line of Folsom
street, 05 S of Twenty-sixth, S 30 by W 122:8,
quitclaim deed; $5.
M. T. or M. F. Blanchard to Mrs. J. B.
Blanchard, lot on E Una of Sanchez street, 23
8 -of Hancock. S 25 by E 110; gift.
D. J. Curtln (by John Lackmann. BhertfT) to
William Curtin, lot on N line of Twenty-fourth
Btreet. 105 W of Noe, W 75 by N 114; $50.
Charles and Rose Katz to H. H. and Emma
J. Christiansen, lot on NE corner of Green
and Taylor streets, N 40 by E 85; $10.
Thomas F. Lovett to James D. Lovett, lot
on TV line- of Missouri street. 225 S of Eight
eenth. S 25 by W 100; $10.
Same to Charles H. Lovett, lot on W lln« cf
Missouri street, 200 S of Eighteenth, B 25 by
W 100; $10.
John J. Rohrbach to Joseph and Jacob
Welssbeln, lot on S Una of Lake- street, 00 W
of Twenty-second avenue. W 25 by 8 100; $10.
Jane S. and A. C. Hazzard to University of
Southern California, lot on E lon» of Forty
second, 100 N of O, N 60 by E 240; $10.
James Gamble to Alexander S. Tuchler, lot
on SE corner of Mansell and University
streets, E 120 by S 100, lot 8, block 423, Uni
versity Homestead Association; $10.
Mary C. Reaser to Isaac Schneider, lot en
SE line of Athens street, CO NE ot China. NE
m by SE 100, block 71, Excelsior Homestead,
$10.
Bernhard and Rose Getz to Howard T. and
Jennie A. Morris, lot on NW line of Madrid
street. 50 NE of Persia. NE 25 by NW 75,
block 2s, Excelsior Homestead: $10.
Jacob Heyman Company to J. H. Hammar
lind, lot.30O. Heyman Tract; $10.
Louise Lequime to Amanayda Lequlms, lot
on N line of Silver avenue. 75 W of Railroad
avenue, W 60 by N 150, lots 4, S, 44 and 45,
block 11, People' a 'Homestead. Tract A; $700.
William T. Beatty to Delia Lavln. lot "on
N line of Eleventh avenue. 100 E of P street,
B25bvN 1OO. lot 44. block 21O. Gardenvllle
Homestead; also lot on NB corner of Sixteenth
avenue and P street, NE 100 by SB 75, block
805, O'N. & H. Tract; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
David Dillon (owner) _wlth Thomas I*.
Mitchell (contractor), plans by owners-All
work for a two-story frame rough basement
(flats) on lot on W line of Vermont street, 75
S of Twenty-fifth, by W 100; $3325.
Daniel Gallagher Teaming, Mercantile and
Realty Company (owners) with same con
tractor, architect T. F. Mitchell — All work for
a two-story and rough basement frame build
ins (flats) on lot on NW line of Folsom street.
100 NE of Thirteenth. — 92:6 NW 143:3%.
SW 139:9tf. SB 137:8%; $«>950.
Simon Clayburgh (owner) with G. P. W.
Jensen (contractor), architects Salfleld & Kohl
berg — All work for a three-story and basement
frame building on lot on S line- of Geary street.
110:6 W of Grant avenue. W 22 by 8 100;
$5700.
Esther M. Wilson (owner) with D. E. Brown
(contractor), architects Cunningham & Politeo
— Excavating, bulkheadlmr, concrete work, ce
ment floors and walks for a four-itory frame
building on lot on SW corner of Pacific avenue
and Broderick street. W 73 by 3 100; $2M6.
Emily Ruhl (owner) -with Jacob Schmidt
(contractor), architect J. Schmidt — All work
for a one-story frame cottage on lot on E line
ot Forty-eighth avenue, 62:6 N of M street,
N 25 by E 120, Outside Land 818; $2100.
Maud E. Luttrlnger (owner) with L. Arthur
(contractor), architect All work for a two
story frame bulldintf (flats) on lot on N line
of Frederick street, 25 B of Belvedere. X) 25
by N 110; $5550.
Emma A. Fennell (owner) with same con
tractor, architect Same for tame on ¦ lot
en N line of Frederick street. 60 E of Belve
dere. B 25 by N 110; $5500.
Nelson, for Redondo; bark Haydn Brown and
#chr Alcalde, for San Pedro; Nor bark C To
bias, for Melbourne.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Sept 6— Star Bonlta,
hence Sejit 2.
Sailed Sept 6 — Stmr Iaqua, for San Franela
co; stmr Bonlta. for San Francisco.
CASPAR— Arrived Sept 5— Stmr Samoa,
hence Seot 4.
HUENEMD— Sailed Bent B— Schr John O
North, for Port Townsend. ' .
Sailed Sept 5— Stmr Santa Monica, for R«
dondo: schr John G North, for Port Blakelay.
PORT TOWNSEND — Passed ln Sept 0 — Stmr
Melville Dollar, hence Sept 1, for Seattle. - -
WHATCOM— Sailed Sept 5— Schr Albert
Meyer, for Monterey.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived and sailed
Sept 5 — Stmr San Pedro, for San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR — Arrived Sept S — Schr
Robert R Hind, henca Aug 20.
Sailed Sept 5 — Stmr Centralla, for Saa Pedro.
HARDY CREEK— Arrived Sept S— Stmr
Newsboy, hence Sept 4. - • •
PORT BLAKELET— Sailed Sept 9—Bktn
Newsboy, for San Francisco.
ISLAND PORTS. '
HONOLULU — Sailed Sept 4 — Stmr Alaskan,
for Kahulul.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Among the passengers were a few navy
families. Conspicuous among the mili
tary passengers was the handsome figure
of Colonel P. H. Ray of the Fourth In
fantry, who Is going to the Philippines
to get out of his bones the Arctic stiff
ness acquired while on duty in Alaska.
Rev. P. H. Gardner, a missionary of the
Roman Catholic church, was one of the
few civilian' passengers.
Those that left on the Logan included
the following named:
Colonel Thomas C. Lebo, Major Charles M.
O'Connor, Major F. R. Keefer, surgeon; Cap
tain Jesfe Mel. Carter, Captain Alonzo Gray,
Captain E. M. Suplee, Captain O. B. Meyer,
Captain H. P. Howard, Captain J. H. Reeves.
Captain Klrby Walker. Captain S. P. Adams,
Captain C. Smith, Captain W. R. Smedborg
Jr.. Captain H. B. Crosby, Captain Mathew C.
Smith. Captain Charles C. Drake, Chap
lain J. C. Granville, First Lieutenants J. F.
McKinley. G. V. Heidt. P. T. Hayne, T.
Schultz. A. Lippincott, F. P. Holcomb, P. W.
Ccrbusler, A. Polllon, H. J. McKenney, Kyle
Rucker, R. L. Carswell, assistant surgeon;
Second Lieutenants D. 'II. Jacobs, J. G. Pil
low. K. T. Riggs, A. C. Keyes, J. M. Jewell,
J. H. Read. R. E. Fisher. A. G. Fisher. J. K.
Hume, P. H. "VVeyrauch, E. L. Zane, J. P.
Castlcman, N>-H. Davis and Veterinary Sur
peon H. W. Peter; Mrs. T. C. Lebo, Mrs.
Charles M. O'Connor and family; Mrs. J. Me I.
Carter and family, Mrs. Alonzo Gray and
daughters, Mrs. E. M. Suplee, Mrs. O. B.
Meyer, Mrs. H. P. Howard, Miss Maggie S.
Reeves, Mrs. S. P. Adams and family, Mrs.
"W". R. Smedberr, Mrs. II. B. Crosby, Mrs.
Charles B. Drake, Miss AIcKinley, Mrs. Paul
T. Hayne, Mrs.Theodore Schultz, Miss Aubrey
Lippincott, Mrs. H. J. McKenney, Mrs. J. G.
Pillow. Mrs. K. T. Riggs, Mrs. A. C. Keyes,
Mrs. J. M. Jewell, Mrs. R. E. Fisher, Lieuten
ant 8. A. Campbell, Seventeenth Infantry, and
wife; Mrs. Lee Purcell. wife of lieutenant, U.
B. M. C; Mrs. J. H. Read, Miss Nellie Mun
cy. Miss C. C. Smith, Colonel and Mrs. P. H.
Ray, Fourth Infantry; Mrs. L. II. Keefer, Mrs.
Clark D. Dudley, Rev. P. H. Gardner, Catholic
n-.isslonary; Frank P. Hayes, insular employe.
Cavalry on board. All of the Four
teenth, with the exception of about a
score of troopers and an officer or two,
who went on the Thomas as a guard over
a big shipment of treasure, are on the
Logan. Nearly every married officer has
his wife and children with him and among
the passengers were few outsiders.
The Logan left the transport wharf
promptly at noon and very clean and
smart she looked as the tug Slocum
yanked her into the stream by the stern
and strlghtened her out for her run to
the Golden Gate. The band of the Four
teenth contributed musical selections and
on the wharf a large crowd of army peo
ple waved good-by.
THE United States army transport
Logan, Captain Stlnson ln com
mand, sailed yesterday for Manila
with the Fourteenth United States
Several of the big transcontinental con
cerns have made surveys through the ter
ritory, but no definite results were ac
complished. Not long ago it is said that
the Santa Fe Company showed a dispo
sition to build a line that would event
ually connect with Durango. It secured
possession of a number of coal beds and
was surveying extensively, when the
Southern Pacific Company entered an op
position that resulted ln a conference be
tween the officials of the two roads and
finally the abandonment of the Santa Fe'a
plans. .
It is now resorted that Frank Ktnne.
who, with a number of wealthy associ
ates, has been making large Investments
ln coal beds ln Mexico, has been confer
ring, with the representatives of the Har
rlma'n interests ln the East, and that the
result is a definite assurance riven by
the railroad people that the road will be
built. President Harriman, being too slclc
to give the matter hla personal attention,
instructed General Manager Kruttschnitt
to take it up, and the last named has re
ported in favor of the plans, which, if
carried out, will bring the main lines of
the Southern Pacific Company in touch
with a new and exceedingly rich country.
It is announced that the Southern Pa
cific Company will soon begin a survey
of a route for a line from Durango, Mex
ico, to a point on Its main road in Ari
zona. The matter has been under con
sideration for a -number of months and
was finally turned over to General Man
ager Kruttschnitt by President Harriman,
with authority to proceed as the manager
saw best. - - - —
Will Develop Section of Nelgh-
boring Republic-
Southern Pacific Favors Project That
"WELL SOON" BTTHJ) TO .
THE CITY OF DTJEANGO
LOGAN SAILS FOR THE PHILIPPINES
CARRYING THE FOURTEENTH CAVALRY
Troopship Carries All of the Regiment but a Score of Enlist
ed Men, Who Went as a Guard on the Thomas, and
Every Married Officer Has Wife and Children With Him
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, .SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1903.
39
ADCTION SALES
fe AUCTION SALE £a
95Horees-95
By order of JAMES MoCABB. of Itim
County, we will tell 63 head of mares aad
reldlngrs, weighing from 1100 to 1300 poundf s
good blacks; heavy bone, Aim condition; also
30 head of small horses, suitabla for milk and
bakery wagons.
SALE TAKES PLACE UA.lt ¦ •
Tuesday, September 8, 1903
At Salesyard. 1732 Market St.
San Francisco.
Stock In yards Sunday.
FRED H. CHASE A CO.. JLncttonwnL
fe fe J^
Auction_ Sale.
80-HORSES-8D
By order of O. H. MESS3 of Slaklyou Ctt,
X WILL BTSTJ. -" -J: ,
A Second Consignment of Horses,
Consisting of 80 head of broken and on-
broken horses. Sala take* plac*
II a. m. THURSDAY, September 10,
At J. a H0RAN*S STOCK YARD* COT.
Tenth and Bryant streota. [¦> >'
W. H. HORP. Aaotten—r.
K : : ; ; IXO"W OP RXVEB3.
Ths following tables rlvt a comparattf*
statement for two year* of tho estimated Sow
of certain California riven ln cubto f aet p«r
second, or second feet, on* second foot equal-
ing 50 California miner's inehea. or about 40
Colorado miner's Inches. Th* figures for th*
last year may ba ravlsad by later measure-
ments. Tho figures arc by J. B. Lippincott.
hydrographer. United States Geological Survey:
TUOLUMXB RIVER AT LA ORAJfOE.
Second Feet.
DATE. ¦
1902; 1803.
August 23 wmimi « T ....*•
August 24 «...•«•«¦•••••. 7 m»—u .
August 23 .«>... II ¦••¦•¦ '
August 28 ..; M . >M «r M .. IB ..«.«¦ !
August 27 ».. p. »——«¦¦». IS •».»•• ¦
August 23 ».« -»».».«..«»¦. 7 «...•• '
August 29 ...^...»^..«». .....',
KINGS RIVER AT REP MOUNTAIN.
Stcond Feet.
DATE. • —
1802. 1803.
August 23 ~.~ ."HI. 440^ 480
August 2-1 ...... ..^ 430 480
August 23 .^. .,.....».«. 400 ' 440 ;
August 23 , HH i. H WW H 860 440 ,
August, 27 ...»> 869 400
August 2S .«.^^^.«.... 360 400 \
August 29 -.«...?. »C0 400 '
TULE RXTSR NE AH PORTER7ILLB.
Second Feet.
DATE. 1 »
im 1803.
August 23 j'V'r " in i 22 14
August 24 . MM *.~.«««». 20 ' 14 i
August 25 ... M «. MMM ~ 20 14
August 28 .....„.__.».. 19. 14
August 27 . MMMMM .».. 19 13
August 23 ................ 18 13 '
August 29 18 13
nnnAW T'n.AiTTirr.-
eBteamers Imt* Sta Fna-
dsco as follows:
For Ketchlkaa. Juneaa.
Halnes. Skagway, etc..
Alaska— tl a. m.. Sept. 8.
13. 18. 23. 28. Oct. 8. Chaos*
to company's steamers at Se.
attl*.
For Vlotorta, Vancoorer,
Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
coma. Everett. Whatcom— U a. m.. S«pt. 8.
13. 18. 23. 28. Oct. 3. Chang* at S*attl* to
this company's steamers for Alaska, and O. X.
Ry. ; at Seattle for Tacoma. to N. P. Ky.; at
Vancouver to C. P Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— Pomona. 1:30
P. ».. Sept- 7. 13. 19. 23. Oct. 1; Corona,
1:30 p. m.. Sept. 4. 10, 16 23. 23. Oct. 4
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles' and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Bnrbara
Santa Rosa. Sundays, ft a. m
State of California. Thursday* 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Crua Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Harford
(San Luis Oblspo). Ventura and Ruenemo.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Sopt. 9. 14. 22. 80. Oct. 8
Bonlta. 9 a. m Sept. 10. 19. 26, Oct. 4
For Ensenada. Magdalen*. Bay. San Jos** del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Fax. Santa Ro-
salia, Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. ex. 7th of eaca
month.
For farther Information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to Changs steamers or sail-
ing dates.
TICKET OlflfHillB 4 New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street and
Broadway wharf.
Freight office. 10 Market street. --,<'¦
C. D. DUNAXN. General Passeagw Agent.
10 Market st.. Saa Francisco.
O. /?. & N. CO.
"Columbia" sails Sept. 10. 20. 80, Oct. 10. 20.
30. "George *W. Elder" sails Sept 8. 13, 23.
Oct 8. IS, 23. Only steamship Una to PORT-
L.VND, OR., and short rail Us* from Portland
to all points East. Through tickets to all
points, all rail or steamship and rail at LOW-
EST RATES. Steamer tickets lncludo berth
and meals. Steamer sails foot of Spear st at
11 a. m. S. F. BOOTH, Gen. Agt Pass. D«pt.
1 Montgomery st: C. CLIFFORD. O«a. Agt.
Fit. Dept.. 3 Montgomery st.
ROUND x =~
THE WORLD
. "THE COLLVER T0UR6."
Next party leaves la Ootob** by th* splen-
did new steamship "Siberia.** visiting Hon-
olulu. Japan. China. Manila. MaJ&y Penin-
sula. Ceylon. Southern aad Northern In-
dia. Egypt, etc •'...» ".'..-_¦
Small Membership— Exduslvs Features.
Mr. Collver will accompany this party
personally. ¦ ' '
Escorted Parties and espeelal facilities
for Independent travelers to Japaa. ¦
Itineraries oa request.
LEON L COLLVER,
¦ 868 Boylstoa Street. Boston. Mass.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kob* (Hlogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for . India, etc. No
cargo received on board on day of sailing '
8. S. HON'GKON'O MARU (calling at Ma-
.nlla) Saturday, September 19. 1903.
S. S. NIPPON MARU ..;..
Thursday. October 13. 1903.
S. S. AMERICA MARU.....: ;.....
...Tuesday, November 10. 1903
Via Honolulu. Round trip tickets at reduced
rates. For fr«tght and passage, apply at Com-
pany's office. 421 Market street corner First
•^ W. H. AVERT. General Agent *
S S SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday, Sept 17, 2 p. no.
S S. MARIPO8A. tor Tahiti. Sept. 20. 11 a. m.
S S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu, Sept. 28. 11 a.m.
iJ.S?3[ p jnSiBI3J.0J^ljtJ..Tl(litBffla,J43Sj/tt2
WtlQGLSU slrtltlL.fltf ll J.flCftU
C0XP1S9IS 6S5XBALX TsUKSaTXJJmqtJX. ¦
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. uj^jrn.
Balling every Thursday, instead of tUK9l»
Saturday* at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. **b>*^^
North River, foot of Morton st
First-class to Havre. |?0 and upward. Sec-
ond-class to Havre. J15 and upward.' GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson Building).
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue,- San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
ROOMS WARTED.
• ZfSScS^iVTZi 11 * bome ' wl^°«t board;
r^erences if desired. Box 1713, Call.
STOCKS AXD BOXDS FOR SALE.
f ii^^^iF^^SvMV.
SCSS-^p-^cuS?^
\v~W t£ '^L^l \ no haz& r<Jous side lines.
'j. SPECIALKOTiCES.
NOTIJCE Is hereby nven that the Transfix
Bept^ryig *" CLAT « Secretary.
IM Geary «. : tel. Private E^naaV^io d *"
fyir.ips for particulars. "Re'lef fnriV^i ..
CATARRH. DEAFNEES^nTTcHlSEslniEXR^
A-EMPORIVM Storage /TvaTco^fuTPn
houff h.vld goods stored, moved VhlpSS^SJ?'
'SI Howard st.. near Third; phone^ t '££
FirRCE-ROnoLrn Stora^TFM^v7ng~Co~o7
face Poyt and I'owell gt«.; tel. Prl\^ K^' 'zti
CONKLIN^S storaee— Furniture and merchan"
<ii S e. o3S Goldt-n Gate ave.; phon ° Ea«
GOLDEN West Bt rage; advances m*(i*- km
' ; -Mto«« «t; fi Howard 041. F V Z e hf US8
PACIFIC Pt-rnpe and Furniture Moving" Com"!
_« ¦ '¦: -¦:-" F::.rnore rt. : phone Jackso?2gl.
EKKINS Vi;. end Stcrape Co.. 11 Mnntirnm.™
ji.;j*<,.JMn IS40. at cu t 8 rTte S y
TVl'EWBITERS AXD SUPPLlEsT*
CKEJ4.T BABOACN8 OT TTPB^.^h, w
better machir.es ior le EI money than any
bOMC :a the city; rentes «. The Tvpewrtter
Exchange. f»u Calltornta; Ulcphone Maln^66
. a li:w Food typewriters at $30 each- get narT
* M - ALEXANDERTilO lfi£l
i:r.LPOtRN-E System School. Van Ncjs aid
pewtive cure for all. l>on't delay.
SIABBIAGE LICENSES.
Th» fo'.lo»1ax marriage licenses were Issued
¦Wllley J. Ellis. 43. 503 Van Ness avenue
end Marcaret Gamble, 30. Peterboro, Ontario
Canada. '
Jchani) D. Heirerhorst. 24. 1741 Pierce street.
and Vlinifred Gallagher. 22, 1412 Baker street
t <,?¦>¦„ Plef "' 34 ' i: '^ Folsom street, and
lia. Wallace, aT, 73 Ivy aver.ue.
. George \V. WalJle, 23, 42u Franklin street
ejrA Laurone A. Dentler. IS. 4^0 Franklin t,t.
Dan -.el L. CallaKhan. £1. £410 Fillmore street
and Florence Eertraud. IS. 2wCS Clay street
Edward O. Stiwart. 2-i. L>enver, Colo., and
Lulu A. Hund. 23, <"22 Broderick street.
Abraham Davis, 42, Denver. Colo., and Kay
Aarun. 30, city.
Michael Lcrkin, 20. Watsonvl'.le. and Lizzie
M. Fcgan. IS. Pl€ McAIlirtfr street.
Frank J. Novaetk. '£i. I5(i Fourth street.
asid Theresa A. I>ushek. 23. Chlcaeo. I1L
Victor Erick*on. s:». C4S Iowa Etreet. and
Emelia Speigel. 18, 1128 Tennessee street.
Sam Hayes. 40, TOt. California street, and
Jtr.nle GuKin. 2S, lio^S Clay street.
A!b<tn E Lau, 20, 1010 Sacramento etreet.
ar.d May M. Murulre. 18. 1U3 Larkin street.
j*-sbe Lt Hewitt. 27. Penryn, and Myrtle
Crry, 22. 421 McAllister street.
; Virnhasm. 4O. 1314 Mission 6tr«et,
# and Guseie Ltw is, 2:1, 13G3 Ellis street.
, Manuel T. Boreas; € 2.\ Co Jackson street,
tnd Annie G. Oliveira. 2.'!. C5 Jackson street.
John W. Rogers. 2.'t. 3 42S Mission street, and
Florence I. Porur. 23. i:a Haight street.
I'redric Bush, 2;i. M9 Pine street, and Effle
Bamev, 20. Stockton.
Eugene J. Phillips. 21. 608 Stockton Etreet.
ar.d Vida A. Swain. 20. «70 Bush street.
Antone J. Walker. 28, city, and Emma M.
Lawton, £1. city.
William P. Hickie, 21. 2072 Market street.
tnd Mane Suter. IK. 2718 Pine street.
Haj-ward J. T. Jam«, 2*. X>ubuque. Iowa.
end Kate M. Holy, a*, city.
George E. Buck, 31. city, and. Elizabeth H.
Murphy. 28. city.
Eugene S. Miner. 24, Oakland, and Marie
T -«"t* ly> Pi clly -
Walter E. Bennett. 27. 1416 Poet street, and
. Orna E. Jones. 22. Shoal*, Ind.
John L. Cochran. 2S. Monument, Or. and
Amelia Cock, 2*. Oakland.
Carl L. MatUon, 21. us lurry street, and
Mary J. Hagman. 27, 108 Berry street.
Joao M. Mo'les. 25. Redwood City, and Mana
<3e J. Soufa. 'Zi. Heiwood City.
George H. Vcsburgh. 2^ 1104A Clay etreet.
end May M. Stchus, 21. Oakland.
George T. John*on. 23. 1510 York street, and
Margaret lofcaaon. U, IS1O York street.
I'ierre LtiEslle, :». 1700 Tolk street, and
Anna Cfandau. 2.'i. 12<i7^j Golden Gate avenue.
BIRTHS — HABBIAGES— DEAim
Birth, marrtaxe and Ceath notices seat by
rnaJl will not be inserted. They must be baaded
In at cither cf the cub'.icaticn offices and be
Jniorsfd with the name and residence of per-
£or.£ authorized to have the came published.
DONOVAN— In this city. Augurt 30, 1903, to
the vritu cf Jerry Donovan, a sen.
GOOBFELLGTY— In th!s city. August 30, 1003.
to the wife of T. I. Goodfellow. a. son.
HAN'SEX — In this city, September 1. 1<W3. to
the wife of X.. O. iiassen. a daughter.
KOOPMAN— Ln this city, to the wife of Jam««
Koopman. a «oa.
LANKEXAU— In this city, August 30. 1903,
to the wife of F. J. Lanker.au, a son.
LAVPACII— In this dty, August 19. 1903. to
the wife of Thomas It. Laubach. a Bon.
I.TOXS — In this city, Aucust 31. 1903. to the
*Tiif<* of Richard J. Lyons, a sen.
MrCLADE— In this city. September 4. 19C3. to
the- wife ot Frederick T. McGiade. a daugh-
ter.
MJJi'Cn — In thi« rity. September I. 1903. to
the wife ot P. Meyer, a son.
OIXJERS — In this city. August 23. 1903, to the
wire of William II. Odcers. a 6on.
EillTH— In this city, to the wife of T. C.
Smith, late of the United States transport
f-h»-r:dan. n daughter.
FT. MARY — In this city. September 2. 1903,
10 the wife of Joseph SC Slary. * «° n -
TliOMI'KON— In this city. September 2,' 1803.
fo the wife ct CUarlt-s E. Thompson, a son.
V.JLLIAMS— In Alarn«la, AujruEt 20. 1903, to
:!¦«¦ wile of Frank J. Wlllian-.B. a Bon.
HARRIED.
AXDCRFOX — At:snEKMUL'HLE — In thia city.
September I_ 1W)3, by the Ttev. J. Fuendei-
ing. Ernert C. Andersen of Dixon, Cal., and
G'-rtrude A. AusaennuelUe.
BirrSCH SCHWINN— In this city, September
5. 1903. by the P.ev. J. Fucndelins. Charier
•Bet*:ch and Minnie Schwinn.
EOUIEK — DANIELKWICZ-In thi* city. Au-
rust 25. 11XJ3. by the Jlev. Dr. Xieto, Leon
Bories and Kcse Danielewlcz, both of Sar
Francitco.
CAKSIDY— KOFTERING — In thi» city. £ep-
tfmber 2. VMJa, by the llev. J. Fuendelin*. j
".'¦¦:: nr W. Ca^eidy and Mathilda L. Kcs-
terta». ¦ '.-i-
DAXIELS — GRUNWALD — In this city. Au-
gust 0 1903, by the Rev. Clartnce Reed.
Walter P. Daniels and Anna Grunwald, both
cf Can Francisco.
EltlCKSON — SPIEGEL — In thi« city, Septem-
ber ft. l»03. by the Rev. J. FuendeUng. Vic-
tor'Erickscn end Emelia Spelcel.
HELBUEH O'BRIEN — In this city. July 22,
15*03 by the Rev. Father McGlnty, Frederick
H. ilelbusfa and Eleanor E. O'Brien, both
of San FrancUco.
KOSTER1NG— BEHRMAJCN — In this city.
Hi-px.Krr.ber 3. 1903. by the Rev. J. Kuendel-
ing. Fred W. Kosierlnff and Anna Behr-
:.¦... r.r:.
NEWRAUaiONT— REUBOLD— In this city.
September 1. 1903. by the Rev. J. Fuendel-
in*. AU>hcr.«e J. Newraumont and Amaiie-
I»ulce Reubold.
PETRIB—pieRCE— In Redwood City, July 28.
iyu3. Dr. Frank Branson Petrle ajid Grace
I'lerce, botn of San Francisco.
SILVERN AIL— REUDY— In this city. Srptem-
ter 2. 1903. by Thomas F. Dunn, Justice or
the Peace. Goldle gilvcrnail and Mary ReuCy.
both of Baden, San Mateo County. Cal.
ENKDUKER— ROCK— In this city, Auptiet 26.
1'JQS, Robert E. Enedeker and Lillian RocK.
WiEGMAICN— COHEN— In this city. Augrust
20. J.J*03, by the Rev. J. Fueadellng, Edward
M. Wlegmann and Florence Cohen.
DIED.
AiRxnasn. Ado!ph Koenins, Elizabeth
Autagne, Mathew R. Kraus. Babetta
UearEllxah A. ! Martinex. Cathertne
Bekeart. Julius F. Moore. John H.
Brandrup. Bridget Nasser. Funke-
Cahn. Sephora NoUn. Michael
CummlnKS. Geo. E. O'Connor. M» c f»f'
r>elhy. Mary piummer. Harriet
Dunbar. James W. Btcuer. Willie
Eaton. Helen A. Woodbeck. **•
Edward.. Eugene S. Zschlesche. Chrl«u»a
CUUck. Joaa U
OLMMAKN In th<« city. September X U03.
W?h?ta&? a A Uia ' d6&rty beloved hushand of
' William «^ Am ™««». M4 fatQer o* F - w -
«« awarE 4 Aflol Dh Ammann Jr.. a native
montS^'^^ny. aged 68 year. 10
fuliy^vft^ are respect-
<Sunday) !f , to . a " end «»• funeral to-day
the G«nfi«£ «? o'clock, from the parlor* of
Ml MtaL* Guntz Undertaking Company.
Ninth cX. 6 ,™' 1 between Eighth and
Please omit Towers/' °' °' F " emetery -
A W3. G M^hl w ?? ea ?L, Vlew « Bept«nib« B.
- Georo t .. R - beloved Infant eon of
of Cslorei' M * ry Autagne. and brother
taprie » „ Au *ust. Mary and Lorretta Au-
tnonth*. Ve ot Ban Francisco, aged 9
B^Beai 1 7 ' Ee P t «niber 3, 1803. Ellxah
1 month an? a V I1Unoi8 - «•* ** *""*
Palmer^ t- 1 9 days - A member of the
fully fpvit^ aad acquaintances are respect-
at 1© o'clock V ttend the funenU Buada y.
Porter * www rom the funeral parlors of
Interment w Wte ' 423 Golden Gate avenue.
B£irtT»~ ° Unt Ollvet Cemetery.
JuliuV &Si. th ii l . cltsr ' s «*ember *• I 803 '
Mexican vv U Beke a«. a veteran of the
fciaT 18?. t^C 1S4C - Pioneer of CalUor-
PhTlIn u f ££* T ot Fran * C- Charles A. and
McCord »^ t&rt *"* the lat « Mre - George
ETFnn * ? S1 years x month an* 10 days.
i laterWM eral <M>rvlcc » will be held at his
« 2 "ctaS 0 * 1 ,™ 8 Br °«erlek street. Sunday.
m ' ° clock. Interment private.
atber U £f.:r In thls clty - September 4. 1903.
Bet £'mi? ence< 33H Lapldge street. Brld-
mothet » t wife of Jchn Brmidrup, beloved
"«Vr VL^VtT* C " M <=*u"y. a «d beloved
Mcvin?i Thomi s Gardner, Mrs. Thomas
ritV£ y , a /? d Patrick and James Cassldy. a
lETF-rt S ount y Donegal. Ireland,
full?- , end 5 an <l acquaintances are respect-
sL».J ed . to attend the funeral to-day
Uenr? ty.," * :30 o'^ck. from her late resl-
! eentho«i*V. L^ pt(lec Etreet " between Eight-
lorii 01 d • Nlnt -teej»th, thence to Mission Do-
t?rmV£ V? Ch for serv »«« at 2 o'clock. In-
mS?™ L. H .? ly Cross Cemetery. A solemn rc-
J,™ "'Eh ma6s will be celebrated Monday.
?h« ° clock - at Mission Dolores Church, for
n* r f 1<ose ct the eoul °t the late Bridget
2,™ nd ™«V, Friends and acquaintances are
j respectfully invited V> attend.
I £iS£l~?^ , thls city - September 3, 1903. Se-
«i« ' elove d wife of Nathan Cahn. and
».fJr r -N- Mrs " A - Cahn. lira. H. M. Bloch
ana Nathan and Joseth Willard. a native
V» r £ n , Ce ' aBed 4S Jears.
fi,m- V , and acquaintances are respect-
K,"i lR vited to attend the funeral services
Duncay. September 0, at 9:S0 o'clock, at her
Jate re&Idence. 8tiO Fell street. Cremation
i "r hf . B Lawn -Cemetery, by train leaving
•imra and Tow-nsend streets at 11 o'clock.
C Y-W^ NG J~J n thl8 Clty ' September 4. 1903,
oeorge E. Camming?, dearly beloved hus-
t»H ° Iamie c - Cummings, beloved son of
«££ 1 Cunirntn Bs. and brother of Addie
years' 1 *' a native of California, aged 37
j DELHY-In the City and County Hospital,
beptember 5. 1903. Mary Delhy. a native of
han trancisc^., aged 43 years.
1 D^? A ?" At rc?l> ln thls clt >'. September 5,
JVHJo. James W.. beloved husband of Kate
« ¦ punbar, and father of Florence and Mav
Ohio aDd Mr3- J ' °' Brlson - a native o'f
Cp"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
lully invited to attend the funeral services
Tuesday. September fc. 1903, at 1 o'clock, at
Odd fellows' Hall, corner of Seventh and
Market streets, under the auspices of Alta
Ledge No. 203, I. O. O. F. Interment Odd
* t- Hows' Cemetery.
! EATON" — In this city. September 3, 1903, Helen
A., beloved wife of Dr. George L. Eaton,
and mother of Margie Eaton, a native cl
1 California, aged 2ij years 7 months and 3
Uays.
! EDWARLiS — At Long Beach, Cal.. September
". 14K».':, Eugene S. Edwards, a native of
California, aeed 3li year**
j E7"The funeral will take place to-day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the family refcl-
der.ee, ii35 Baker street. Interment Odd Fel-
lows' Cemetery.
I GILLICK— In Berkeley. September 4. 190.1.
IJchn Lowery, beloved son of James and Mary
Gillick. and brother of Mary. James, Wll-
»iam. Thomas. Heter and Margaret Gillick.
a native of California, aged years 11
months and 10 days.
C/" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
September <i, 1903. at 1:30 o'clock, from
his Io7e residence, 21*23 Florence street,
lierkeley, thence to Sacred Heart Church,
where services will be held for the repoee of
his soul at 2 o'clock. Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery.
; KOEXIxa— In this city. September 4, 100.1.
Elizabeth, beloved wife of Max Koening, and
devoted mother of Max J. Koening and Mrs.
A. L. Hansen, a native of Germany, aged
<>U years 11 months and 23 days. (Sacra-
mento papers please copy.)
C^rFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited" to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), 9:S0 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 421 Halght etreet, between Webster
and Fillmore. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
KRAirs — Entered in*o rest, in this city, Sep-
tember 5, 11)03, Dabetta lvraus. widow of ti;e
late Charles Kraus, and mother of Abra-
ham ar.d Marcus Kraus and Mrs. Georse
Thcnusun, a native cf France, aged 70
years.
ttyFuneral services at the parlors of Hai-
cted & Co. Interment private.
MARTINEZ — In I^akeport, Cal., September 2,
1W3, Catherine K. Martinez.
ID'Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-day (Sunday),
at 1:15 o'clock, at the chapel of N. Gray &
Co.. 203 Sutter street. Interment private.
MOORH — In this city. September 5, 1908. John
H-. beloved husband of Fannie Moore, and
father of Elizabeth N., Benjamin F.. Mattie
! 1. and Lester H. Moore, a native of England,
aged 57 years.
j NASSER— In Colraa. September .1. 1003, Sunke
Nasser, beloved brother of Marea Leisner,
a native of SchleBwiE-HoIstein. Germany,
aged 72 years 11 months and 20 days.
CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at the funeral
parlors of Valente, Marini & Co., 1521 Stock-
ton ftreet. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
NOLAN — In this city. September 4, 1903,
Michael, beloved husband of Margaret Nolan,
and father of Clara. John, May, Helena.
William. Eloi»>e and Raymond Nolan and
lire. J. T. Fari-ell, a native of County Gal-
way. Ireland. A member of Mexican War
Veterans and California Pioneers. (New Or-
leans paptrs please copy.)
E7Tre funeral wilt take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 24 Henry street, thence to Mis-
sion Dolores Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of
his teal, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
O'CONNOR — In San Rafael. September 4. 1903.
Michael O'Connor, beloved father of Mrs. T.
J. Crowley, a native of Ireland.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the solemn requiem
high mass on Monday, at 10 o'clock, at »t
Raphael's Church, San Rafael. Remains at
the funara.1 parlors of Edward Eden, 814 C
street. Interment private.
PLUMMER — In Mill Valley, Cal., September
4, 1003, Harriet M., beloved wife of William
A. Plummer, mother of Mrs. Beulab S. Bar-
ber and Fred W. Plummer, and sister cf
Mrs. Adah H. Gee of Alameda. a native of
Rochester, N. V.. aged Bl years. (Roches-
ter. N. Y-. and Dayton, Ohio, papers please
copy.)
C7"Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services Monday, September
7. l'JU'!. at 2:30 o'clock, at the chapel at
Cyjirffs Lawn Cemetery. The remains will
arrive at 1 :."0 o'clock from Mill Valley,
the-nce by electric funeral car from Ferry
building to Cyoress Lawn Cemetery.
STEUER— In this city, September 4. 1303, Wsl-
lie, dearly beloved son of Gustav and the
late Louisa Steuer, and brother of Mrs. A.
Tschantz and Gusuv and Robert Steuer.
a native of Oakland, aged 18 years 9 months
and 2t» days.
C^Frientls and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral ' services
Sunday. September (i. 190:1, at 2 o'clock, at
the parlors of Theodor Dierks, 957 Mission
street, between Fifth and Sixth. Cremation
Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
WOODBECK— In this city. September 4. 1003,
Leo. beloved son of Norman and Mary
Woodbeck. and brother of James, Mary,
Norman and Ann Wcodbeck. a native of San
Francit>co. aged 1 year 5 months and 13 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents, 1066 Capp street. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. <: - S
ZSCHIESCHE — In this city. September 4,
l!»03, Christian, beloved husband of the late
Meta Zschiesche, and father of Mrs. II.
Vanderveen, a native of Lubeck, Germany,
aged SI years and 4 days.
CFriends a nd acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 2:00 o'clock, from the parlors
O f it, F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission etreet,
between Seventh and Eighth. Interment I.
O. O. F. Cemetery.
CARD OF THANKS.
We wish to thank our friends and acquaint-
ances for their sympathy ln our late bereave-
ment of loving wife and mother. Mrs. Alice
Read. GEORGE READ.
" , ROSA. JOHN and ALFRED READ.
HENRY J. CALLACHER CO.
(Successors to Flannacan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
yUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
.20 Fifth St., opposlt« Lincoln bcaooL
Telephone South 60.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
. — Funeral Directors and Embalmers^
Formerly ln Metropolitan Temple.
Now at 800 MISSION. Tel. South 167.
Between Fourth and Fifth. Near Fifth sC
Finest Equipments at Moderat* Rates.
F J. Monainn. President.
MONAHAN & CO.,MUSICIANS WHO GAVE GREETING TO THE HARMONIE SINGING
SOCIETY AT BEN LOMOND AND THE GENTLEMEN WHO AT
TENDED TO THE RECEPTION OF THE VISITORS.
The estate of Arthur M. Ebbetts was
appraised yesterday at $64,970. It consists
of $4970.09 cash and a piece of realty oa
Sacramento street, near Drumm, worth
$50,000.
Appraise Ebbett's Estate.
made for months and all who attend are
assured a good time by the committee ln
charge of the outing. Numerous gate and
game prizes have been procured and
many interesting events are promised.
Complaint was filed yesterday with Jus
tice of th© Peace Van Nostrand that J.
N. Ross and W. J. Thompson of tha
National Law and Collection Company
are In the habit of using:, for the pur
pose of Intimidating people, an imitation
of a document known in law as a "com
plaint and summons." The imitation pro
fesses to be an "Original notice to defend
ant," which is not known ln the legal
business of the Justices' Court. At a cas
ual glance the paper seems to have been
issued from the Justices' Court, but Judg»
Van Nostrand declares that it emanates
from the offices of Ross & Thompson,
who are the attorneys for the National
Law and Collection Company.
The specific instance callea to the at
tention of Judge Van Nostrand was the
serving of one of the papers on W. A.
Nevills, owner of the Rawhide mining
property. The paper was numbered 1349
and recited that suit had been brought
by the National Law and Collection Com
pany against w. A. Nevills for the re
covery of $20 alleged to be due as a sub
scription to an Eastern periodical. The
document was not issued by any Justice
of the Peace nor by the Clerk of the
Justices' Court, Van Nostrand says.
"The use of these imitation papers,"
said Judge Van Nostrand. "appears to me
to be for the purpose of forcing people
to pay an alleged debt with the alterna
tive cf defending a suit to recover the
amount. I understand that Ross whose
name appears signed to the document
served on Nevills. threatens to have the
Sheriff levy on property owned by the
debtor unless he pays up. The paper is
a clever imitation of a "Summons and
complaint." which is the regular docu
ment issued by the Clerk of the Court
and no doubt intimidates people who are
ignorant of the legal procedure in such
cases. I propose to bring the matter to
the attention of the Justices of the Peace
with a view of putting a stop to what I
consider a fraudulent method of com
pelling people to settle with alleged credi
tors."
Van Nostrand Charges
Collection Agents
With Duplicity.
SAYS DOCUMENTS
ARE FRAUDULENT
St. Joseph's parish will celebrate Labor
day at Schuetzen Park. Preparations for
this, annual parish reunion have been
St. Joseph's Parish Picnic.
Arrangements have been completed for
Clan Fraser's picnic and games, to be held
at Schuetzen Park on Admission day. The
programme of sport3 will consist of thir
ty-five events. Including races for men.
women and children, one-mile walking
match, football, highland dancing, bag
pipe competition and tug-of-war between
teams from the Caledonian Club. Thistle
Club, Clan Macdonald of Oakland and
Clan Fraser.
Clan Fraser's Picnic.
The literary exercises at the Chutes on
behalf of the Labor Council will com
mence at 4 o'clock, immediately after the
theatrical performance. President G. B.
Benham of the Labor Council will deliver
the opening address, his subject being.
"The Future of Trade Unionism." He
will be followed by Andrew Furuseth,
secretary of the Sailors' Union of the
Pacific. Among other attractions at the
Chutes will be dancing, which will com
mence at 2:30 o'clock and continue ln the
evening.
In the Labor Council parade there will
be 140 unions represented. The procession
will start promptly at 9:30 o'clock and all
those who will participate in the parade
are Instructed to report at their proper
station at 9 a. m- There will be plenty
of martial music in both processions, as
every union band In the city will be em
ployed in the parades.
Last year all the labor unions paraded
in one body, but on this occasion the
Labor Council and the Building Trades
Council will have two distinct processions.
The Labor Council will start from East'
and Market streets and marching up
Market street will swing into Van Ness
avenue. On arriving at Eddy street the
procession will counter march and dis
band at Eighth and Market streets. The
Building Trades Council will form on Van
Ness avenue and march down Market
street to the ferry. Arriving at this point
It wll.! disband and take the ferry for
Shell Mound, where exercises will be
held.
Final preparations for the Labor day
parades, which take place to-morrow
morning, and the literary exercises at
the Chutes and Shell Mound Park were
completed yesterday. Each committee has
turned ln its report and the general im
pression is that this will be the most
rigidly observed Labor day ever cele
brated ln the State.
Two Parades Will Be
Held on Market
otrest.
UNIONS READY
FOR LABOR DAY
OAKLAND. Sept. 5.— Desmond Smith,
the telephone company employe who shot
Joseph A. Freltas. was arraigned in tho
Police Court to-day on a charge of as
sault with intent to murder. The prelim
inary examination was set for September
12. Smith, who has been twice assaulted
since the linemen's strike began, claims
to have shot because he believed Freitas
and a companion intended to attack him.
Pistol Wielder Arraigned.
OAKLAND, Sept. 5.— The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Joseph J. Breen,
21, Woodland, and Helen Bullock, 18, Oak
land; George C. Faria, 23, and Pauline
Caeton, 22, both of San Leandro;- Frank
Schohoy, 33, San Francisco, and Emma
G. Thrum, 20, Oakland; John H. Thomas
45, and Thomasenia Bates, 43, both of San
Francisco; John G. Sjoberg, 20, and Nel
lie V. Watts, 19, both of Oakland; George
M. Crandall, 31, and Mrs. J. K. Hardman
31, both of San Francisco; Russo A. Faria,
22, and Amelia Gonsales. 19, both of Oak
land; Pettr Gilardia, over 21, and Anna
Fitzgerald, over 18, both of Oakland.
Marriage Licenses.
Music at the Park.
The following programme will be ren
dered by the band in Golden Gate Park
to-day:
Star-Spangled Banner; « march, ¦ ¦ "Rlalto
Belles." (new), H. Frantzen: overture, "Beau
tiful Galatea," Suppe; waltz. -"Venus Reigen,"
Gungl; solo for cornet (selected). : Mr. D. C.
Rosobrook; selection ¦ from ¦ "Die Walkure,"
"Wagner; overture, v "William -Tell,"' Rossini;
(a) "In 4 Cosy Corner," Bra tton;. (b) inter
mezzo, "Anona," • Mabel' McKinley; selection
from "The Singing- -- Girl." ' Victor Herbert:
popular medley, "The Voice- of the Hudson,"
Paul Dresaer; fantasia from "Rigoletto,"
Verdi; America. • ¦
*. : _ — __ : — : — — ¦+
Fernandez was employed picking up
scrap iron near the track and the car
came on him without his hearing It He
Is 50 years of age and lives at Tenth and
Wood streets. He was removed to the
Receiving Hospital, where his injuries
were attended to by Dr. R. T. Stratton
OAKLAND, Sept. 6.— A car shunted on
a siding with a flying switch struck An
tone Fernandez and crushed him against
a platform at the Judson Iron Works this
morning and his life is in Jeopardy. One
of his ribs was broken and it is believed
it punctured his lungs. He is otherwise
bruised and Jammed and it is hardly pos
sible that he can recover.
ROLLING CAB CRUSHES
MAN AGAINST PLATFORM
A writ of attachment was served yes
terday, by the Sheriff's deputies on F. A.
Marriott Jr. at the Instance of T. W. G.
Lyons, who holds a promissory note for
$1000 given by . Marriott for money bor
rowed on September 3, 1902. The deputies
levied on an automobile belonging to
Marriott at his residence.
Attaches Harriott's Automobile.
Robert Watson, a discharged soldier,
•who had been drinking freely, was found
in a room which he hired for the night
at 231 Third street at 8 o'clock yester
day morning in an unconscious condition
from gas asphyxiation. He was re
moved to the .Emergency Hospital,
.where Dr. Maher soon restored him to
his normal condition. He claimed the
turning on of the gas was accidental.
Found Almost Asphyxiated.
BERKELEY. Sept. 5.— The announcement is
made that Burt L. Xewkirk. '97, of the Uni
versity of Minnesota, has accepted a call to
the position in the department of astronomy
at this university. Professor Newkirk was
formerly associated with Professor Francis P
Leavenworth of the University of California,
and while with him collected the material
which later furnished the basis for his thesis
on the parallax of the ring nebula in Lyra
Forester Glfford Plnchot of the United States
Department of Agriculture has been obliged
to change the dates for his lectures. Instead
of giving the first lecture on Tuesday after
noon next he will begin the course on -Wednes
day afternoon, September 0, at 4 ' o'clock
speaking then on "The Forest Reserve Policy
of California." At 4 o'clock Thursday after
noon he will speak on "Work of the Bureau
of Forestry m California." and at 8 o'clock
In the evening he will speak on "A Proposed
Forestry School In California." The lectures
will be given In the Students' Observatory and
are open to the public.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
The California State Spiritualistic As-
BOdation opened Its convention In Red
Men's Hall yesterday. About 100 delegates
were In attendance, representing 6an
Francisco. Oakland. San Jose, Stockton,
San Diego, Los.'Angeles, Santa Cruz, Sum
merland Camp and Sacramento. The re
ports cf the officers 6howed that the as
sociation was in a prosperous condition.
Radical chances in the by-laws were
adopted and a new board of trustees for
the ensuing year was elected.
Spiritualists in Convention.
Robert Lorentz. Max Dunow, Samuel
Levi, Henry Plagemann and George
Volt*, who composed the committee of
arrangements, fulfilled their duties to
the letter. The pavilion in which the
high Jinks was held this evening was
an Ideal one. A small stage had been
erected and had been provided with foot
lights, scenery and exits.
The festivities began this afternoon.
The singers made the hills echo with
melodies. At 6 o'clock the Harmonies
¦at down to a banquet, which was held
In the main dlnlng-hall of the hotel.
President Henry Pla^emann was toast
master and called upon talented mem-
When the singers arived they were
met at the depot by a mock band.
"Kazoos" were the instruments and
each performer was attired in fantastic
rarb. Keeping step to "A Hot Time,"
the visitors marched to the open air
pavilion. President Henry Plagemann
Informed the members that if they did
»ot have a pood time It would be their
own fault. Foaming beakers of beer
were handed around and a light luncheon
was served.
rived here in a body at noon to
day and are having a delightful outing.
There are nearly 150 in the party.
BEN LOMOND. Sept. 6.— This
pretty cummer resort is no^ in
the hands of the Harmonie Sing-
Ing Society. The members ar-
¦rpeciaJ Ciepa.tch to The Call.
John Tyrrell, assistant wharfinger, was
arrested yesterday on a warrant charg
ing him with battery and was at once
released on bail, i The complaining wit
ness Is Thomas Mulligan, a bill collector,
who alleges that Tyrrell on August 8 re
fused to pay a bill and threw him out of
his office. Tyrrell says it was a disputed
bill and when Mulligan became insolent
he took him by the coat collar and ejected
him.
Trouble Over Disputed Bill.
The audience took part in this final
feature. The coffin prepared for the
occasion was placed on a funeral pyre
and amid shouts and sweet songs the
trouble breeders were destroyed.
- All members will be up early to-mor
row morning. A choral will be sung and
then the Jolly crowd will prepare for
the pleasures of the day. There will be
a picnic in- the woods and shooting, row-
Ing, bowling and other games are sched
uled. The society will remain here until
Monday noon.
bers for songs and speeches. At the
conclusion of the feast the members re
paired to the pavilion. An orchestra
composed of Herman Schaefer. Max Du
now. Professor Haug, A. Strellltz and J.
Rlegger rendered popular selections.
Apiong those who took part in the
entertainment were Robert Lorentz, Max
Dunow, S. Levi, Alexander Engelhart,
Carl Dlehl, John Plagemann and Richard
Lenz. At the close of a vaudeville show
a clever burlesque written by Max Du
now entitled "The Wholesale Butchery,
or the Sentimental Girl," was presented.
The actors were attired in ludicrous
costumes and recited their lines inter
estingly. The play told the love story
of a chieftain's daughter who fell in
love with a barn-storming actor. The
girl's father learned of the actor's devo
tion and hired a man to ring down the
curtain on the "tie-walker." It then de
veloped that the actor was "Mr. Sorrow"
and the maid "Miss Care." Both were
condemned to be burned at the stake.
Immediately thereafter two shots were
fired In quick succession. Two men ran
in the direction of Second street. Frank
lin crossed the street and saw Sample
lying on the sidewalk with his face cover
ed with* blood. Sample asked . Franklin
to raise him up. - Franklin did so, but had
to place him on his back again, as his
mouth and nose became choked with
blood. Policemen Nobmann and Clark
then came up with the two defendants
and Sample was carried to an electric
car. Franklin picked up Sample's whistle
and keys from the sidewalk and saw. his
club lying against the fence. No one
passed along between' First and Second
streets between the time of the shooting
and the arrival -of - the -officers.. with the
two defendants. •
At this stage the case was continued
till next Friday morning.
FIGHT WITH DTJXLIGHAN.
Thomas F. Dullighan, boiler-maker, tes
tified to having a fight with the defend
ants outside Hugh O'Connor's grocery at
First and Folsom streets. Sample came
up to them and separated them, telling
the defendants to go home. The defend
ants called Sample a foul name and
walked along toward Second street.
Sample remarked that he should have
used his club on them and N walked after
them. That was the last he saw of Sam
ple and the defendants. Joseph »1. Sulli
van, a brassmolder, corroborated Dullig
han. Joseph P. Conley, a longshoreman,
who was knocked down either by Sullivan
or Powell, testified that he was too drunk
at the time to remember anything about
it. Hugh O'Connor, the grocer, gave un
important testimony.
C. R. Franklin, a clerk, living at 525
Folsom street, was the most Important
witness. He said he was standing on the
steps of his house and diagonally oppo
site he heard some one telling another
that he couldn't fight him. This was fol
lowed by a scuffling noise and a sound as
If a head had been hit with a club. ,
SHOOTING OF OFFICES.
The preliminary examination of Charles
Sullivan and John H. Powell, charged with
killing Special Officer Robert A. Sample on
Folsom street, between First and Second,
between 12 and 1 o'clock on the morning of
August 11, was commenced before Police
Judge Mogan yesterday. Assistant Dis
trict Attorney Whiting conducted the
prosecution and the defendants were rep
resented by Attorneys Eddy and Coghlan.
Martin Kelly was an interested spectator.
Dr. Charles J. Schmelz, the physician
who attended Sample, described the na
ture of his wounds. One of the bullets
had fractured the neck; there was a
wound on the top of the head, inflicted
with a blunt instrument, perhaps a heavy
shoe; the right eye was contused and cut
and the forehead contused and abrased
by blows from brass knuckles or some
other instrument. Dr. S. J. Fraser, con
sulting physician, corroborated the evi
dence of Dr. Schmelz.
Witnesses Testify at
Hearing of Murder
vviicti g o.
BULLET BREAKS
SAMPLE'S NECK
The election was proceeded with, says
the complaint, and resulted in the selec
tion of Treadwell, Lynch, Vandercook,
Bergerot and Birdsall as directors. The
new directors then elected Lynch presi
dent of the corporation and Birdsall sec
retary.
Following the election, the plaintiffs
aver, the new officers of the corporation
immediately took advantage of their po
sition to break away from the agreement
the old board had made with the Asso
ciated Oil Company, and filed an action
to recover the Kern County property.
The action. It is complained, is a breach
of faith and one that will Injure the rep
utation of the stockholders of the Sham
rock Oil Company and do them irrepar
able injury in the business community,
and because of this the aid of the injunc
tion law is sought. Judge Kerrigan is
sued the injunction prayed for. and it will
remain In effect until the court deter
mines the rights, of the plaintiffs in the
premises.
ELECTION PROCEEDS.
A few weeks ago a suit to recover the
Kern County property was filed in Kern
County by the defendants in the suit
brought here yesterday, and this suit is
the cause of appeal to the local courts.
It appears from the complaint filed here
that a few weeks ago the stock and
bonds left with the Associated Oil Com
pany as security were given Into the
hands of Lange and Phillips, and they, so
the complainants aver, immediately called
a meeting of the stockholders of the
Shamrock OH Company. Notices of the
meeting were sent to Treadwell, Lynch,
Vandercook, Bergerot and Blrdsall, and
when they were assembled each one was
made the owner of one share of stock in
the Shamrock Oil Company. Lange and
Phillips, It is said, were eacSi voted eight
shares of stock, thus making in addition
to the stock standing In the name of the
corporation, which was voted by those
present, the majority of the stock, which
the by-laws of the corporation required
should bo represented at a meeting where
an election of officers was held.
As compensation they were to receive
$250,424 in stock and $12,423 worth of bonds
of the Associated Oil Company. At a
subsequent meeting the sellers agreed to
deposit with the purchasing corporation
all of the stock and half of the bonds as
security against any claims or suits con
cerning the title to the Kern County
lands that might be brought against the
Associated Oil Company. It was also
agreed that the Shamrock OH Company
Consolidated should defray the cost of de
fending the title to the land that might
be incurred by the Associated Oil Com
pany.
In the complaint for the injunction,
which was filed yesterday, they allege
that the defendants have entered into a
conspiracy to injure the plaintiffs and to
deprive them of their interests In the cor
poration. The defendants are Edward
Lynch, president of the Shamrock Oil
Company Consolidated; B. M. Blrdsall,
secretary, and E. P. Vandercook, John
Treadwell and P. A. Bergerot, directors
of the corporation.
According to the complaint the directo
rate of the Shamrock Oil Company Con
solidated prior to June 2 of this year -was
composed of the plaintiffs, W. Lange Jr.
and C. H. Phillips. They each owned ten
shares of stock, and the balance, 249,970
shares, stood in the name of the corpora
tion. Lange and Phillips were, respeo
lively, secretary and president. At tho
annual meeting held on that date a prop
osition to sell certain lands in Kern
County owned by the corporation to the
Associated Oil Company was received,
and on vote of Lange, Phillips, Porter
and Whittier was accepted.
COMPENSATION FIXED.
W. S. Porter, B. E. Green and M. H.
Whittler of the Green-Whlttler Oil Com
pany, each of whom owns ten shares of
stock in the Shamrock Oil Company Con
solidated, are dissatisfied with the action
of the directors of the last named com
pany and have filed a suit for an injunc
tion restraining them from proceeding
with the carrying out of certain alleged
schemes and for an order of court declar
ing their election as directors of the com
pany null and void.
Charge That New Officials
Conspired to Secure
Control.
Stockholders in Sham
rock Company Sue to
Oust Directors. •
OIL MEN ENGAGE
IN A MERRY WAR
ROME. Sept. 5.— The village of San An
tlmo, near Naples, has been destroyed by
fire. One woman was burned to death
and twelve persons were injured. All the
Inhabitants are homeless.
San Antimo Is Burned.
It is presumed that the foregoing will
silence the rumor that Mr. Ross Is seek
ing a nomination for the office of Super
visor.
• To the Democratic Delegates of the Fortieth
District— Gentlemen: I hereby declare that all
newspaper and other rumors are entirely false.
I am not a candidate for any elective office;
neither will I accept a nomination under any
circumstances whatever at the hands of the
Democratic convention that is to meet aboat
September 14, 1903. Respectfully yours.
¦ v J ~ WILLIAM ROSS.
Henry H. Lynch is an active and in
fluential aspirant for a place on the tick
et as the nominee for Sheriff. He Is sup
ported by a legion of friends. It is re
marked in his favor that he has always
been true and energetic in support of the
party and that the time has arrived for a
just recognition of his services.
A spirited contest for the District At
torneyship is in progress, with General
Edward S. Salomon and former State
Senator Frank McGowan well to the
front In the favor of the convention.
The United Republican League is de
sirous that every citizen who is entitled
to vote shall be registered. Big registra
tion Is accepted as a harbinger of Re
publican success. Registration for the
municipal election closes September 23.
Cards bearing the following information
have been issued by the league:
If you were not registered for the gubernato
rial election tn November, 1002. or for the pri
mary election In August, 1903, or if you have
changed your residence since your last regis
tration, you must re-register now In order to
voti at the coming elections.
Citizens who will have resided in this city
one year on November 3 are entitled to regls-
Twent'y-onesters, who will become of age on
or before November 3 are entitled to register
n °If' you are registered in any other county in
this State, send for a transfer of registration
to the County Clerk of the county in which you
formerly resided, and when received take it to
the registration office in this city.
' The registration office at the City Hall (Mc-
Allister-street entrance) is open from 8:30 a.
m to 5 P. m. and from 7:30 p. m. to 9:30 p. m.
Go now. Don't wait until the last few days.
It only takes a few minutes.
The Fortieth Assembly District Demo
cratic delegation organized last night at
Oakwood Hall,. 1805 Devisadero street, by
the election of William Ross to the office
of chairman. Of the thirteen delegates,
ten and a half participated in the organ
ization. The following letter from Mr.
Ross was presented: »
- .* : " San Francisco, Sept. 4, 1003.
At the. recent primary election the Re
publican party cast more votes than were
cast by both the Democratic and Union
Labor parties. This actual demonstration
of voting strength is accepted as a pretty
sure sign that the • Republican ticket will
come out ahead in the November election.
All that the Republican voters ask for is
a good ticket. The .delegates-elect are
free and unpledged. There Is no indica
tion of any scheme to programme delega
tions lor Mayor. On the contrary, It ap
pears that the contest for the high honor
of leading the party in the campaign will
be fought out openly and squarely on the
floor of the convention.
It transpires that the haste of the Union
Labor convention in disposing of the nom
ination for Mayor was made as a stroke
of political strategy. In the labor parade
Mayor Schmitz will figure in the proces
sion as the only nominee.
It Is common gossip that Thomas W.
Hlckey will be elected to wield the gavel
at the Democratic convention. Gavin Mc-
Nab's control of the forces In the Demo
cratic camp will be almost absolute when
the time arrives for calling the roll of
delegates. Franklin K. Lane is slated as
the nominee of the Democratic convention
for Mayor. He has not publicly an
nounced that he will accept the leadership
of his party in the local campaign, but
his closest supporters affirm that he will
not decline th.^ honor.
The friendly contest for the honor of
presiding over the Republican local con
vention may not be settled until the del
egates assemble In the convention hall
Tuesday evening, September 15. The In
dications are that neither Henry Ach
nor A. Iluef will be chosen.
Prospects of Republican
Success in City
Election.
GOSSIP IN CAMP
OF POLITICIANS
Members of the Harmonie Singing Society
Gather in Santa Cruz County for Their
Annual Outing and Participate in Festivity
BEN LOMOND'S HILLSIDES ECHO
THE SONGS OF THE FATHERLAND
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1903.
40
TTATE'S. | HALE'S. [ ttat.t.^ £j HALE'S.
• f^r^S^&^V Hole's closed to-morrow— Labor Day. "And Wednesday— Admission Day.
| >. yf-m^yL^J) A winning triumvirate. The past week has proven the alliance to be
1 fj^^^^^^ff^^T' 7^ stronger than ever. Fashion favored Hale's with peeps behind the scenes. Hale s
\ vmm^^^^ff^^fhin favored with an early display - You favorcd HaIe ' s with a hearty approv
B 'Will ' !ffiliK§^llfl\n^ ¦ $ / T ° u f° un d the autumn styles more than ready ;
H/ If ill |^»H^ I \J\ 1 1 I -In Millinery -In Tailored Dresses -In dress Materials -In Kj?G%™ a
I' Si iliili V filK^I I -In Wraps r-In New Waists -In Ribbons -In Neckwear
1 It B\\S1\\'' M 'mV\ * I Thc new thin ss arc ?° p lentifuI and tem p*' n K ™ cannot afford to slight thcm thl5 mornm *
I IS |liMll\^^^fl»^V % I €VCn if there is n0 business to-morrow.
' JR ffl Millinery Reception Continues
I ! if$^HI>^%^ J^S^l**3ll *K San Francisco women have taken unusual delight in this display. Iney see
I \ R in it: hat °PPOrtu nities o f th e most notable character.
% ' i I iw^^^^^c^MV^^T ' W^MWlvl That there is such a variety every one's tastes may be supplied.
I !B^\T^^^W Jlfil! 1 That there is novelty and change to them all so that each one may feel safe tnat some
I i il' s iliill^' one else's will not have the same style.
\ ' ' 1 y&f r $\Mk\P^ Si! \\P^ ~ That each has a peculiar beauty and simplicity— not gaudy, not skrjjy, not overly
|\ j{! fifeW' li \^^^^%^0- , '/I/ \wi§£. trimmed, not extremes. Good, solid, sensible, substantial looking hats.
i i ! pf |n 1 1\lil^ *^W\ll m\V But we didn't mean to go into detail (though these facts are so plain \ve
1 l!i ¥' i ill \\ couldn't help but mention them). This is an invitation to see them — see what's
i \yji ml \\\ new * ¦^¦ a^ es are doing more to set folks right as to styles this season than they
r yy^WA $ti\ '/// vm\ ever Tot a stone as een e^ untl - irn ed. The representative models from
1 vJw/a ylli^v 'I "^ ar * s and "^ ew or k are ere * "^ nd w^ t^ iem an *' num^ er °^ our own
J^i£r^M , is// «^ W^. -^v The salon says "WELCOME" heartier than decorative art ever did. Made it say it be-
'y^y^^^wln : i^k\%\(^. vv ore ' ts °" e ve " ta^ e 8 ra P e arbor. There are the trailing vines, the turning leaves and the
,v^/ ISjIlW \flfk Wv^V "x^v v ' oa<^ s °^ hanging grapes — an ideal place to see the Autumn styles.
-^s [/ ¦ v%k"Ihi %\^^3- Tailored Dresses Hold Forth
\\vm(\\ 'i\\ \ * most comprehensive display — fuller and more inviting than one wcmld
v^ expect to find so early. Women have gone so far as to say there' is nothing to
" equal it in tailored dresses in the city. It must be so from the way they have
««QJl the Trimmincs!" been selling. Only a few of those $15 mixed suits that came in Wednesday were on hand yesterday
' • «* * afternoon. To take their places are some mixed ones that came in late Friday — marked $25 — with man-
Such a variety and so many. No wonder nish coats, snappy and smart. There are some pretty zibelines, too, at $25, and plenty of other zibelines at
women grow enthusiastic over them. Here are $3 2 -5°» $37-50, $50,00 and $65.00.
black and white velvet bands with raised button But there is no scarcit y oi mixtures. They seem to be the most thought of just now. $27.50, $30.00.
effects. $s a yard. And black and white velvet me- $32-5p^nd $35.00. Broadcloth dresses run up as high as $75.00. No matter what one has in mind, whether
j,,,- ' ,,/ ?,„,«, w :j- «- , varr i T L. n th^ it's $15 or $75, or any price in between; whether it's a zibehne or mixed cloth, cheviot or broadcloth;
a^! WhethCr k>S a^ed-blou S e^et style or a more dashing, mannish-coat style, it's here.
piiques. $5 a yard. . C&sJMLJm/ /W tSi Buttons Are Popular.
But there are other Persian appliques as low as V*a§to§!S^£yy f?3@> /M/ x^^^^f^^^ And theres no wonder for it. v.hen one sees the
a 1 tii a !•.:?= <-;n- -,^^i:« — 7nBfT~ ffsi/ *-e£&?F*9/* /r%7 /Sn-=r t *=c??'6k many Ideas brought out this season. Kven the pearl
ooc. And some black and white silk appliques as /£&/ (^^^ (^^ (§g^>>* ¦^^^^ buttons show originality, some with waved top,.
low as 25c, 50c, 75c. But one of the smartest ideas /£$/ J \^^ — — — — ~^^ others raised with Indentations. No more plain
are these wood fiber bands in black and cream, /figy GOOD^^^^ ones> The y have the sat *ny finish. 35c, 50c and 75c
They take the place of silk this season. im ttl ,,,,^_. .^^0-*^ ' a d 02e n.
I MY GRAND OFFER TO MEN S
I |/^^vT Extended One Honth Longer. 1
0 / U» m ' havc dccldcd aialn to extend my grand offer §
Ps - $SA - °* treatment at one-half my regular fee. This «
S W ISs W ««f«ns If you are affected with any uncomplicated 2
X \7 ' £« al'ment, I will cure you for $25.00 and accept the
§ IJ^ y monc y ln any way you wish to pay. All cases ac- S
5 % *»&» ft ccpted by me are taken under a positive £uar- fi
<* \Wf ¦ 1 an tce to cure, or money refunded. My records «
P Mm S ES. W tnat tnI "cc-fourths of my patients have X
6 T/l A cither been pronounced incurable, or failed to get S
2 l\ / relief from other physicians. I cure such cases »
5 EA * simply because I understand them, so If you have §
5 ?? S 0^ 611 / 5 *" become discouraged, come to me and talk It over. K
g dXi£ , ,. ' havc become famous by curing the following a
q, q (J> aliments: • o
01 XK>«t Vitality Kidney and I Stricture »tmtur« irt
O Werrtm. Debility Bladder SUeuei V^Sele, tSSSm g
O Bpeci*! DiEea.ei Unnatural X,oase* Slseunof thT §
O Blood Pci«on Premature Decay | Heart, Sung*, etc. §
O I make no charge for a friendly talk or correspondence. I have t>een exclusively
A treating tpecial diseases of men for 17 years. Nothing «clence can devise or money buy «
is lacking in my office equipment. I trtl! use you honestly, treat you skillfully and §
r**tore you to health in the nhortest time, with the least medicine, discomfort and ex- &
sy |*"n*e practicable. I guarantee to curr any ca*e I undertake. One personal visit is S
always preferred, but if you cannot call at my office write me your symptoms fully «
rt J-any capes can be cured at home. FHEE BOOK describing my specialty at office *3
p- or by mail. w
S C K HO! QMAW M n Z 29MARKET6T - <TopFioor ,s. f. g
O O. IV. i IULOItIAAIV, |>|. |i., Hours— 9 to Dally; Sunday 9 to 12 g
I A PFISTER LABEL IS A GUARANTY OF QUALITY^ |
I- I
BOTH FITS THE FORM AND KEEPS IT WARM. \
E2£ EVERYMAN ACCORDING TO HIS NEEng. I
Linen==Wool==Lisle==Silk j
PLAIN AND FANCY-VARYING WEIGHT. [j
KNIT GOODS OF ALL KINDS I
j Kant Shrink, f^Ui [
I II 60 GEARY ST., S. F. *]
THE CALL'S *
GREAT ATLAS OFFER
Will close on September 24,
1903, and all holders of Atlas
Coupons 1 are requested to pre-
sent them immediately, as this
great opportunity to secure one
of these splendid Atlases at The
Call's premium rates will bo
brought to a close on Septem-
ber 24.Chicago Girl a Countess.
COPENHAGEN, Sept. 5. — Countess
Kluthenborg has established her resi
dence in the castle of that name, stand-
Ing at the head of a 10,000-ac*e feudal
farm, by far the largest and richest In
ance. What alarms him are ths sky
scrapers proposed to be erected.
"If a fir« broks out on such premises,"
he remarked, "their height would endan
ger the abbey through the spread of the
flames and the wafting of burning debris.
"This question of the safety of our pub
lio buildings is not a new one. If I re
member aright, the national gallery was
seriously Imperiled about eight years ago
by a fire that broke out in a jewelry shop
near. In that case a bill was specially
Introduced into Parliament for the pur
chase of the jeweler's premises. In order
to secure the safety of the national gal
lery."
Channlng has questioned the First Com
missioner of 'Works on the subject, but
that gentleman declares that he has no
power to regulate the height of the build
ings in Question.
LONDON. Sept. 5.— Lord and Lady
Yarmouth, whoa* wedding- ex
- cited Plttsburg some months ago,
are coming on surprisingly In
English society. Lady Yarmouth
gave one of the smartest dinners of the
season last week at Prince's, and for a
first big. attempt at entertaining the
English aristocracy the event was voted
a great success. Lady Yarmouth has al
ready adopted the graces of the English
grande dame. Some one said of her at
the dinner, "She's just like every other
American peeress — much more peeressy
than one born to the title."
Tho most important of Lady Yar
mouth's conquests thus far is the favor
she . has won with her husband's own
people. The Marquis of Hertford, head
of the ancient family, has taken his heir
and the heir's bride home to live with
him at the town house in Eaton square,
and they will shortly accompany him on
a country and continental trip. Lord
Yarmouth, according to English opinion,
has been much maligned with regard to
his marriage. His Intimate friends de
clare that, far from marrying for money.
Pittsburg Girl Easily Adopts the Graces of the
English Grand Dame and Her First
Dinner Is a Success.
LADY YARMOUTH CONQUERING
THE ARISTOCRACY OF BRITAIN
TITLED WOMEN STUDY THE ART OF FIRE-FIGHTING
rapidity and precision under her orders,
and other servants were drilled In the u*«
of tarpaulin ehe«ts to save th« treasure*
of art and antiquity with which Blen
heim's halls and salons are crowded.
Test alarms were 6ounded again and
again until the Duchesa had her brigade
eo well drilled that in -*ae of fire at Blen
heim to-day it Is doubtful if there would
be much confusion or if the flre depart
ment from Oxford, some six or eight miles
away, would find anything left for it to
do by the time it arrived on the soene.
It was because of her proved proficiency
as a flre captain that she was selected to
present medals recently to firemen who
had distinguished themselves by saving
lives.
"SHOOTS THIS CHUTES."
The Baroness von Eckhardstein, who Is
the daughter of Sir Thomas Blundell
Maple, M. P.. Is another famous fire
woman. Her establishment is fitted with
canvas chutes, which can be let down
from the windows at the alarm of flre.
It takes considerable pluck to descend
from a top story by this means, but the
Baroness practiced the trick herself un
til she became an adept and then set
LONDON. Bept. B^-Toa never could
guess who !s the best fire-woman
—or lady-fireman, or fire-lady, or
whatever It is that she should be
called— In all England!
She la "W. K. Vanderbilfs daughter
Consuelo, whose husband is the Duke of
Marlborough.
Aad although sbe stands at the top of
the list, there exe at least a dozen other
haughty British p«ereesea who really
could give points on the management of
£r«* to some of the fancy officers with
irhom the bosses of London adorn their
fire department. Plenty of the great la
dies of London society know by experi
ence Just how to handle a hose, wield a
fire-ex, xsanaga a hand-pump and work
life Unes.
There lm a good reason for such a Queer
diversion for Duchesses and Countesses.
Host of the British peers and peeresses
own xnagnl2.oent country seats, far away
frcxa the cities and from any flre depart
ment exoept such as they can provide for
themselves. The English countryside is
dotted orer with hundreds of great man
tleas where history has been made, where
Kings have been entertained, where con-
Prince of Wales Is Competent, Through His
Naval Experience, to Become Superin
tendent of Brigade.
DUCHESS OF MARLBOROUGH
TRAINS SERVANTS IN DRILL
After Sunken Treasure.
MOSCOW, Sept. 5.— A wealthy Cossack
named ZimnlakoS has fitted out a large
expedition to recover a lost treasure val
ued at J13,000,00a
Usher for Forty Years.
PARIS. Sept, 5.— The Paris Society for
the Encouragement . of Well Doing has
awarded a gold medal to line. Meteiller,
who has been a box opener at 'the Come
die Francaise for forty years.
AMERICAN WOMAN AIDS
CroirKTRYMElT^irTB^rL^SRTS
Daughter of General Beale of Cali
fornia Is Wife of the Rus
1 sian Envoy.
SOFIA, Bulgaria, Sept. 5.— The Ameri
can wife oj the, .Russian envoy here, Mrs.
VIEWS OF - FIRE DRILL
SQUADS AT ENGLISH COUN
TRY HOMES.
Passengers Are Nervous.
""PARIS. Sept. 6.— The scare caused "by
the underground railway horror is becom
ing ridiculous in some respects. The com
pany's receipts are said to have fallen off
$6000 a day and the people who venture to
take its trains are extremely nervous.
FEAES FOR THE SAFETY
OF WESTMINSTER ABBEY
Member of Parliament Says Proposed
Tall Buildings Will Increase
Danger of Fire.
LONDON. Sept.* 5.— Is Westminster Ab
bey in danger? This alarming question
has Just been raised, not by a sensa
tional journal but by a serious member
of. Parliament, Mr. Channlng. The eccle
siastical commissioners, it seems, have
determined to clear away the residential
area to the south of the abbey and erect
on the sites a number of tall business
structures.
Channlng does not object to the clear-
Praises the Aquarium.
PARIS, Sept. 8. —Jules Huret, continu
ing his articles to the Figaro, on his Im
pressions of the United States, -writes that
he has studied the ornamentation of
American cities and finds it rare to see
anything built in America for beauty's
sake alone, nearly everything having its
utilitarian side. There is one thing— the
aquarium, in New lork— which he says
has no end except Its beauty.
that any one on the premises knows how
to use the apparatus.
There is, however, a distinguished ex
ception to this rule. It is not generally
known that King Edward VII has .con
siderable knowledge of the routine of flre
brigade work, and that on the occasion
of an outbreak at Marlborough House
when he was Prince of Wales it was
through his exertions and the promptness
with which he ordered a hole to be cut
through a floor and a hose inserted that
the flre was extinguished j before the ar
rival of the regular firemen.
The Prince of Wales would be quite
competent, it is said, to take the position
o! superintendent of a fire brigade should
a revolution deprive him of his exalted
station. The Prince learned the work of
flre extinguishing when he was in the
navy, and it so fascinated him that he
took up the study of flre-flghtlng on land,
and at one time he made it his hobby.
As a result, perhaps, of this fad in th«
mother j country the colonies have begun
to take It up, and even in distant New
South Wales there is now a woman's .flre
brigade which is said to have earned dis
tinction in several notable fights with the
flames. . They hold forth In the- town of
Armldale. practicing with the town bri
gade appliances and paying especial at
tention to rescue work.
summer,
Bakhmeteff. Is rendering valiant service
to American travelers in Bulgaria this
' Mrs. Bakhmeteff was a Miss Mary
Beale, the daughter of General Beale of
California: She and her • father spent
much time in Washington and she met
her husband there when he was attache
ot the Russian legation. He served after
ward in London and Paris, then was
transferred to Athens and five years ago
was given his present post here.
The marriage was the result of a des
perate love match and it is an open secret
that Mrs. Bakhmeteff has won many a
diplomatic victory for her husband with
her charms and good sense.
May Soon Be Peeress.
LONDON, Sept 5,-It seems likely that
a new name will be added rery soon to
the list of American peeresses In Eng
land. Lord Leigh Is a -very old man and
has been 111 for some time. His son and
heir, Dudley Leigh, married Frances Hel
ene Forbes, daughter of N. M. Beckwlth
of New York. She was a beauty when
last there was a court In Paris, but does
not look more than 30 now, with her fair
brown hair and clear complexion and
charming, gentle manner. She and her
husband are seldom seen apart and she
has most beautiful Jewels, most of which
are his gifts.
his Lordship was and Is In a state of "all
for-love-and-the-world-well-lost." so far
as the present Lady . Tannouth Is con
cerned. Lord Yarmouth Is not thought
of as a business man In any sense of the
word, and stories stating that he de
manded more money with his bride are
laughed at over here.
Two ardent converts to motoring are
the Misses Nell and Anita Evans, daugh
ters of the United States Consul General,
H. Clay Evans. Miss Nell has gone on
a long motoring trip ' on the Continent
with Mr. and Mrs. Mlllard Hunsiker,
formerly, of Plttsburg. The Hunsikers
own several motors, and Miss Evans fre
quently accompanies them In tours
around England. The present continental
trip will last about a month. Miss Anita
and her mother hope for a trip later on,
when Miss Nell returns to town to keep
her father company during his enforced
stay In < London. Miss Anita has been
motoring a great deal recently In the
vicinity of London.
Curiously enough, however, male mem
bers of the British aristocracy— witness
the Duke of Marlborough— seldom trouble
themselves about the art of flre extin
guishing. They content themselves -with
paying for up-to-date appliances at their
mansions and leave the instruction of
their sen-ants to their wives and daugh
ters. The Earl of Derby has recently had
his place at Knowsley fitted up in this
manner, but so far as I can discover
he takes no personal Interest in seeing
ROYAL FIREMEN.
Lord St. Levan's daughters, their
friends and servants are among those who
have become adepts at fire brigade work,
and Lord P.osebery's staff of domestics at
the Durdans, near Epsom, have been
trained under the personal supervision of
the ex-Premier.
forth to drill her servants in the art of
"shooting the chute." I am Informed by
an eyewitness that the Baroness some
times has had to slide down the canvas
tube half a dozen times in person before
s-he could induce a nervous housemaid to
follow her example.
Thanks to the energy and foresight of
the Countess of "Warwick, Dunmow Castle
is protected from fire by perhaps the most
complete private flre brigade in England.
Since the recent destruction of part of
Welbeck Abbey, the Duke of Portland's
historic country seat, flre drill has be
come popular at house parties and It Is a
common experience for the alarm of flre
to be given purposely in the midst of fes
tivities, when guests and servants alike
rush to their respective posts in readi
ness to battle with the enemy.
xjolsaeurs for generation after generation
have collected priceless art treasures.
Fine old mansions they are and choice
food for the flames that now and then lay
hold of them and lick them up, while the
occupants look en helplessly. Some of
them were built so many centuries ago
and with euch joyous disregard of danger
from flre that they ere nothing less than
death traps.
But with the advent of modern fire
fighting apparatus— much of It of Ameri
can Invention— life in rich country houses
has become more secure, thanks to the
rtudy of the subject made by their aristo
cratic owners and the training they have
given to their servants.
THE DUCHESS' OWN BRIGADE.
The Duke of Marlborough was one of
t!-i first to taJie up -with this idea. When
the access to some of the Vanderbilt mil
lions enabled him to renovate the splen
did palace at Blenheim, given to his fam
ous ancestor by a nation grateful for his
victories In war. one of his first thoughts
•was to protect it from flre and he
equipped the mansion with the latest fire
extinguishing apparatus. It occurred to
h!s energetic little Duchess, however, th3t
their private fire department wasn't of
much use until they had trained help to
manage ft and an energetic chief, so she
ep'polnted herself to the latter post and
wcrked in the small army of Blenheim
per\-ants as her assistants. She took Jes
eone in fire drill. learned the architecture
of the building, so as to know how to iso
late a fire and confine it to a certain area;
mastered the subject of the water sup
ply end was taught how to unroll and
connect hose with the main and direct the
pumps on the blaze. Then *he started in
to drill the servants. The instructions
were that when the alarm was given the
footmen were to run out the hose and
bring the manual out of Its shed. The
xnaids were trained to form into line and
pass buckets from one to another with
little Denmark. The new aristocrat waa
Sylvia Plo of Chicago, and she mads her
husband's acquaintance while acting as
governess for a rich English family Is
Florida. Countess Sylvia will shortly
make her debut at court and hopes that
the King may grant permission to her old
father. Louis Plo, a Chicago Socialist, to
return to Denmark. He was banished
from his home for strong sodallstlo rlews
In 1872. The Danish aristocracy Is much
taken with the beautiful American girl,
whose social triumphs are the talk of the
kingdom.
Pages41to44
Pages41to44
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1903.Each performance of "Everyman"- at
Lyric Hall testifies to the appropriateness
of the many Innovations which Mr. Greet
has made in the old morality this year—
the processional through the audience,
representing "Everyman" on his way to
the tomb proving to be one of the most
effective.
Mr. Greet Is very desirous, that the play
be seen by students of schools and col
leges and all societies Interested in tho
development of the English drama. For
all such a special rate will be made i£
written application Is made to Mr. Greet
at the Lyric Hall.
As Monday and "Wednesday are legal
holidays the sale of scats on these days
will be transferred from Sherman &
Clay's to the box office. Lyric Hall.
On Friday evening next at v Stelnway
Hall will take place one of the most cer-
The two popular symphony concerts to
be given by Mr. Scheel and his men at
the Pavilion to-morrow and Wednesday
afternoons will recall the Joys of the
Vienna Prater days. The concerts will
doubtless be crowded, as opportunity to
hear the orchestra Is exceptional for the
grand army of working folk.
And now, whether It Is to applaud or
deprecate the oboist's rash heroism is the
question. I myself, still unaccustomed
to the programmed names of the orches
tra, had not ascribed to Mr. Mundwyler
the sins of the Sibelius horning, .not
imagining for a moment that Mundwy
ler's kind of player could be responsible.
Yet upon his head the responsibility In
evitably descended with the audience, and
the question is whether that kind of self
sacrifice Is worth -while? Also, whether
criticism of the unpteaslng result Is "un
fair"?
It presents itself to two of my cor
respondents that my comment upon the
performance of the English horn solo in
tho Sibelius "Legende," given at last
week's symphony concert, was unfair, for
the following reasons. Mr. Louis
Mundwyler, the soloist In question
—and to whom I hasten to ac
knowledge a debt of gratitude for
his most able and artistic handling
of the oboe work in the "Erolca"— had
only an English horn of the old "high"
pitch in the Sibelius solo, which com
pelled him, therefore, to transpose his
part the necessary half tone lower. Un
fortunately, the difference between the
normal pitch of the orchestra and .the
pitch of Mr. Mundwyler's instrument
was not quite the full half tone! The
uncertain rhythmic quality of the solo
one of my correspondents ascribes to the
Inherent impossibility of the work itself,
the other to the excessive sensitiveness
of tho instrument. With an artist of Mr.
Mundwyler's caliber "at the end of It I
should Judge rather that this -was due to
the general horror of the situation.
instruments— hence the name "concerto
grosso." The particular example on TueB
day's programme is perhaps the most
beautiful of the set. The symphony will
be Dvorak"s "New World."
Arm r-Kol by Mary < 'a rmU-hnel
"The WearJnjc of the Green" Traditional
"The Donovans". Arr. Alicia Adelaide Needham
"The West's Awake" Arranged by Espostto
"Widow Malone" Arranged by'Moffett
"I'm Not Myself at AH" Samuel Lover
At the piano — Frederick Maurer Jr.
O' Sullivan. June 13. 1DCT5, In the House
of Common*, when he was the fcuest of
the Irish party. This was the first and
m only time when songs have been heard
in the lion™.
"Savourneen Dheelish" (In Gaelic)
Arranged by Stanford
"The Croppy Boy'» Lament" '.....
Tho following group was sun*? by Mr.
"O'Sulllvan Mor" (Old Irish) Arr. Joxe
"The Short Cut to tho Ro.«ees" (Old Irish)..
Arranged by Mrs. Mill lirnn-Fox
Words by R. I* Stevenson.
.' Liza Lehmann
"Marchtng Song" Liza Lehmann
vVords by R. L. Stevenson.
"Every Night My Prayers I Say". Liza Lehmann
"Trommellled" (from Child Songrs) Taubert
"Butzemann" (from Child Songs) Taubert
"Hang He, Ladles, at Your Doore" (1C32)
; Henry Lawea
"Sweet Rhodoclea, Here I Bring" (from
Cameos) . ..„ Ijza Lehmann
"If I Were But the Wind" (from Cameos)
Words by Carmen 8ylv«f.
tainly delightful concerts of the season
in Denis O'Sullivan's single song recital
of the year. None of those who heard
Mr. O'Sullivan's last recital will fail to
hear this, and as the hall was then as full
as it could be, there's no more to be said.
But here is what this accomplished singer
will sing:
"Im Fruhllng" Schubert
"Herr Lenz" Richard Strauss
"Morgen" Richard Strauss
"Fur funfzchn Pfennlge" Richard Strausd
"L'Angelus" (Old Breton Folk Kcng)
Arranged by Bourgault-Ducoudray
"Canzone dl Taormlna" (Sicilian Mountain
Song)... Arranged by Maude Valerie White
"The Two Grenadiers" Schumann
"Anacreon's Grab" .....Hugo Wolf
"Fussrelse" Hugo Wolf
"Schumacherlied" ..Felix Welnpartner
nard's affairs if they were husband and
wife— though no doubt they ought to have
been."
"But if I ever WTite a n.lay," the actresa
went on gayly, aft I rose to take my
leave, "be sure the lovers will not be mar
ried." x .. .
Mr. Scheel has a fascinating novelty on
this week's symphony programme In the
Handel "Concerto Grosso" that will be
played for the first time here next Tues
day. The twelve "concert! grossi,' of
which this is one, furnish invaluable
food for symphonic comparisons. They
are the most important and beautiful of
the predecessors o'f modern symphony,
and Interesting to a degree also In their
witness to the radical extent to which
Handel's Italian sympathies' affected his
art. They were written for strings only
and in form are like the earlier sonatas,
with solo opportunities for most of the
Dado is, of course, as good as ever, and
the new basso, Travaglini, showed him
self a distinctly pleasing singer. Chorus,
orchestra and Mr. Steindorff are all in
fine fettle and the season is full to the
brim of promise. This week •will be given
"Faust'l and "Rigoletto," with Agostini
and Tina de Spada in the former and
Gregoretti as Rigoletto and Tromben as
Gilda.
13 so uncomfortably familiar. The per
formance introduced, too, some excellent
voices. Benedetto's, the soprano's, mezza
voce is exquisite, her upper notes of ad
mirable beauty, her lower notes of un
usual fullness. She loses quality in the
middle range, and on Monday night
showed considerable unevenness In her
production, but I am told she was very
nervous.
There is no doubt about the Gregoretti
voice, the new barytone's. It Is smooth,
powerful, without a trace of tremolo and
conspicuously sympathetic. It Is again
beautifully certain in Intonation, and Slg
nor Gregoretti's enunciation is a model
of the art. Not«unimportantly the signor
Is quite a handsome fellow.
Signor Ischicrdo is the best Radames
I have seen for some time and is also
quite good to hear. He has a wonderful
high C— and knows it from his fashion of
exaggerating the note— but sings really
well otherwise. His every word can be
understood and his acting Is conspicuous
for dignity and intelligence.
Cleo Marchesinl promises a good Car
men from her performance of Amneris,
and has some low notes that are going
to set things humming. It is to be hoped
that her get-up in the part will be less of
a strain upon* the imagination than that
Of her Amneris, however.
Miss Florence Roberts, the Alcazar Star and Favorite Actress, Talks of Her Theatrical Plans and Ambitions.
"You know, I always Bald," Miss Rob
erts continued after a paus<^ "that I
would never have any supers and never
travel with a baggage car if I were a
ptar. And here I am with a sixty-foot
K';pgage car getting sidetracked all over
the country, and thirty children besides!"
"You arc a Californian. aren't you. Miss
Roberts?" I asked, wondering then about
the pre-star days.
"And proud of It," the actress replied,
prettily.
"Where did you begin your career?" ¦
"Right her«s," pointing a decisive little
finger toward the auditorium. "And, my!
the difference between then and now! 1
was three years here before I ever spoke
a line."
"Doing what? Not "
"Yes. Fuping.** and Miss Roberts
laughed her mellow little gurgle; "pulling
ctosln around, dusting the piano, carry
ing trains. And now a girl wants a line
vrhon she hns been here throe weeks!"
"Who had the playhouse then?"
"That was in Osbourne & Stockwell's
"I saw immediately that the play was
one in which the public would like to see
me. The role of Mrs. Hatch is the Cam
illlsh sort of thing, intensely emotional,
and it appeals very strongly to me."
"Why was Mrs. Hatch unwelcome?— A
t.-iking title that," I esked.
"Mrs. Hatch has left her husband
twelve years before the action of the play
begins," Miss Roberts explained. "The
Ftory suggests that che loft him for just
cause, but it is one of the weaknesses of
the play that the fact of her own guilt
or innocence Is not fully established. The
suggestion, however, is that ehe is an in
nocent woman, and the husband is dis
covered married to his former mistress.
But the circumstances of Mrs. Hatch's
disappearance are made to tell against
her. Her guilt is assumed and she has
been compelled to promise that ehe will
not see her daughter. For twelve years
r.he keeps her promise. Then, hearing In
San Francisco, where she has lived In the
meantime, of her daughter's coming mar
riage, she determines to see her, and does
so in disguise. But you can see where
the unwelcomeness comes In."
"Rather the 'East Lynne' kind of
thing," I suggested.
"A littb?," Miss Roberts grants. "But
you trill tay that the first act is one of
the most original and unique that you
liave seen. It has the clever feature of
putting the necessary explanatory mat
ter into the mouths of the leading char
acters. So often when the threads of the
plot are given to a housemaid or a foot
man they are lost. The audience pays
ro attention, and the play in consequence
ruff era."
"Still, I think the audience usually
listens rather eagerly to the Introductory
matter."
"I fir.a It very frequently forgets all
about it in' the clamming of seals, the
furs of late comers and so on." the little
Ftar Insists. "Not eo, though, if it be
friven to the leading people. The strong
act of the play is the third— there arc
four— of course, where the two women
meet. Mrs. Hatch has obtained admis
sion to the home as a dressmaker's
assistant and tries on her daughter's
•n-edding Cress. Here the second wife
wmej in. recognizes her and then— zip!
Mrs. Hatch does not make herself known
then to the daughter, however, but docs
in the last act, when she dies. There is.
of course, a lover, whom Mrs. Hatch wT.l
not marry, as it will "bring ehamo' upon
him. It's a good play, though— a very
pood one, I think. It would amuse you
to see the children. We have thirty of
them In the second act. Oh. but they
pft on onfi's nerves!
"I don't knew why they did not like
the play in New York," Miss Roberts be
gan in her comfortable, low-toned way.
"But they didn't. Outside of New York,
however, it drew tremendously and I'm
sure they'll like the play here."
"Did you see Mrs. Flske in it?" I asked.
"Yes, I saw her In New York and liked
the part and the play Immensely. You
know our foremost actress," and Mis3
Roberts bent her sunny head In graceful
homage to Mrs. Fiske, "would hardly
produce anything that was not at least
worthy."
I said I was cure of it, and Mrs. Fiske's
other admirer continued:
Very pretty, very well and younger than
over the clever Californian looks, and as
we went upstairs to the managerial of
fice I ventured to Fay so. As the man
ager courteously disappeared to allow of
our confidences. Miss Roberts agreed as
we seated ourselves: "Yes, hard work
suits me. I suppose. Then, you know, the
make-up cue uses tends to keep one
young looking."
"It would seem to be Just the other
way," I said, but scanned admiringly the
living testimony of Miss Roberts' smooth
cheek, fair and fine as a baby's. "Some
day." I added, "I am going to persuade
an actress to tell me Just how to be beau
tiful. But I'd rather hear some
thing about "The Unwelcome Mrs. Hatch*
to-day, if you don't mind." This was be
fore the actress' triumphs of last Mon
day evening. ,
Miss Roberts began, thoughtfully re
garding me:
"It is just a matter of keeping the
pores alive, I think— don't you?— the com
plexion, not Mrs. Hatch," she laughingly
explained.
I turned the other tanned cheek to her
snd eskod:
"What do you think I think? But not
oven an expert's opinion on pores shall
divert me from Mrs. Hatch to-day. I
want to know why she was unwelcome,
why New York would have none of the
.play and what persuaded you to produce
it?'
WITH the pardonable pleasure of
the woman caught unawares In
an eminently becoming get-up.
Miss Florence Roberts smiling
ly apologized for her "rehearsal
rig" when I 'Went to chat with her the
other morning. We met at our local Ly
ceum, the Alcazar, and the popular little
actress had confentcd to talk at a mo
ment's notice. I knew, therefore, that
the trim, black Filk gown, with its fronts
of delicate embroideries, the white, sheer
waist, with its suggestion of mysterious
laces and flushed satins beneath, the tie
that repeated the frank blue of the eyes,
the chic hat were not donned for me.
"Not this year. And I'd rather play
Peggy than eat," Miss Roberts giggled,
Peggy-fashion. "She's lots of fun— Just as
much fun for me as for the
audience. I think I'm going # to
enjoy 'The Frisky Mrs. Johnson.'
Isn't that English lordllng amusing?
I*awford was so good in the part — 'Really,
I do love you, Grace. I shall grieve for
weeks if you go back on me. Really, I
shall,' " the actress quoted. "But the
parts are all cood."
"I could not sre Grace falling in love
with that puppy." I objected. "The whoie
situation fails to convince. Still, as Mr.
Lackaye put it: 'When will you find a
married woman falling in love where she
might reasonably be supposed to? She'll
inevitably turn from her fine husband to
a consumptive farm hand.' Of course,
from that side the crrlne Grace might
have loved Mr. Lawfocrt's lordllng. Not
otherwise. You liked 'The Frisky Mrs.
Johnson* better than The Climbers'?"
"Well, 'The Climbets* is really a play
for a stock eompariy, not a Btar. Then
again. I really think it is a mistake when
the hrro and heroine are married. There
is unfortunately no more romance about
the married lovers. If Romeo and Juliet
wore married, for example, who'd care
whether he climbed the balcony or not?"
Miss Roberts quizzically put it. "Zaza,
too. Who'd care about Zaza and Ber-
"Have you' my best side?" the little
woman suddenly asked the artist. "It's
this," turning her piquant, smiling, little
profile that he might get the left view.
"Xhis is the side the photographers all
want," she laughed. I noted, however,
that she did not have the usual curiosity
to see the sketch after it was made.
"Is there any Shakespeare on the list
for this year?" I asked then.
"Not this year. My season is for only
six ¦weeks."
"Still f you have not yet accounted for
them,"'l reminded the actress.
"Well, another week goes. to 'The Lady
Ursula,' bo that the people who don't
want to pay two dollars to see the play
can RtUl see Mr. Hope's charminc com
edy," laughed the little lady. "And I'm
going to do 'The Frisky Mrs. Johnson.' "
"Mrs. Fiske, Amelia Bingham, Marga
ret Anglin, Leslie Carter and Duse rolled
into one!" I testify to the Roberts ver
satility.
"Yes, Leslie Carter," she smiled in re
turn; "I have 'Du Barry' for next sea
son. Also 'The Darling of the Gods.' "
"And Blanche Bates, too!" I murmur.
"You will not do 'The Country Girl' this
year?"
"No, there were many places where
my idea of the part differs from hers.
But, dear, how I did want to do the
thing! Now Becky Sharp — well, there
couldn't be any other Becky than Mrs.
Fiske's."
"That is, of course, easy to under
stand," the coming Gioconda said. "There
ere speeches as long as this," and she
stretched her plump arms to their longest
reach, "and In Italian — one may worry
through French, but we have few au
diences here that know enough Italian
to enjoy the long speeches. You will find,
too, that the drama's interest is largely
in atmosphere. There is Very little—
though deeply expressive— action. Then
the lines are very beautiful."
"Whose is your translation?"
"Arthur Symonds'."
"Good," I witness, "and the cast?"
"Lucius Henderson is to be the sculptor
— he has just the fine nervous personality
for the part," Miss Roberts stated, "the
others are not yet decided 'upon. But
they will be most carefully chosen. I
have Robert Aitken — how proud San
Francisco should be of that boy — to over
look the arrangement of the sculptor's
studio."
"And now what else Is on the pro
gramme?"
" 'Magda,' " replied this versatile per-,
son. "I've always wanted to do "Magda,'
Now I'm going to. Then I fihall revive
'Za2a' for a week. And oh!" and the
actress clashed excited hands, "I wanted
— never wanted anything so much in my
life— to play 'Tess of the D'UrbervHles,'
but when the arrangements were all but
completed for the production here the
matter fell through."
"You evidently like Mrs. Fiske's reper
toire?"
"Still, I shouldn't play Tess by .any
means Just as Mrs. Flske played it." v
"No?"
"Of the sculptor, his wife and friend,
of the destroyed statue that fnlls upon
the woman's hands and amputates them?
Yes. it's not easy to forget it." I testified.
"But how came you to undertake such a
play? Only Duse has yet done It here,
I believe?"
Miss Roberts nodded an assent and
eaid:
"The way I came to do the play was
really odd. I was playing in Seattle and
one afternoon received a postal reading
something like this: 'Dear Miss Roberts:
There is in the library here a translation
of D'Annunzlo's "La Gioconda." Won't
you read It? Duse's part might have been
written for you. A. E. M.' And I did
get the translation, wrote East then to
find out about the rights and here I am
to play the part!"
"I am right in my impression that the
difficult New York gave Duse and D'An
nunzio no too warm welcome in 'La
Gioconda?' "
"The D'Annunzio 'La Gioconda' is chief
among the new things," the actress re
turned, with pardonable satisfaction.
"We shall give the play at a series of
special Thursday matinees — and It
will. I think, be produced very
handsomely. P:verything will be as fit
and beautiful as it can be made, even to
a new drop curtain. You have to do
things well Jn San Francisco. People
know here. You remember the story of
'La Gioconda?'
"And then, Miss Roberts?"
"Well, everything went comfortably
nfter that. I took Miss Forsythe's place
in the next play — she did not recover for
pome time— and afterward I went to the
California Theater, then managed by Mr.
Morrison and Mr. Hayman. You know
the rest. I married the manager." she
laughed, delightfully. "I've been married,
Jus=t think, for fourteen years."
The orthodox "No!" to this was man
aged with much more than common con
viction, and I then inquired:
"What other novelties are we to have
this season besides 'The Unwelcome Mrs
Hatch*?"
"And was It here you got your first
chance?"
"No, that was nt the Baldwin," the
actress pensively recalled, "in a play
called "CHto." It came about curiously, as
those things generally do. Kate For-
F>thc, who v.'as starring in the part, fell
ill of the gTlppe and had to give it up.
The women of the company attempted it
then, but somehow got afraid of it. Then
little Mips Roberts took the part one day
and played it the next. Mr. Morrison,
my husband, and Eben Plympton were
in the cast among others, by the way."
THE SAN FBAKCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, . 1903.
The new company so far as I have
heard it — I speak only of the "Alda" cast
— seems to be exceptionally competent.
No company within my Tivoll memories
has ever given so smpoth first perform
ance. Every member seemed sure of his
part and the ensemble work was conse
quently in notable contrast to the hesi
tant and doubtful work with which one
again allure! Twelve weeks from
now its quaint elixirs will be i' the blood,
and one helpless to see its dire and lovely
absurdities. But yearly, I find, one must
go through the same acclimatizing experi
ence. Yearly one must dip doubtfully
Into Its trustful tides, later to believe
them real. Yearly one must see a mag
nified plum pudding carried on the stage
as Ptah, and come soon to accept it as
the Egyptian Joss.
But it goes hardly at first. Not all
Alda's beautiful mezza voce (and Ptah
forgive the proofreader for making me
say "mezzo voices" on Tuesday last) im
mediately persuades one that to slap the
chest with one' hand and hall high heaven
with the other is the Ethiopian way of
expressing emotion — though strictly ac
cording to tradition. Nor do such won
ders as- the corsage of the week's Am
neris—cheerfully reminiscent of our child
hood's best dolls, with the scalloped-top
ped white kid bodies!— woo to quick Illu
sion. Nor is tho shambling lockstep of
the noble Egyptian warriors of those
things that conduce to dear deception.
But these things will be soon joyfully
forgotten, and one may as well begin
now.
HO! for the naive vales of opera
land, that*artless and fantastic
country to which the Tlvoll sirens
EXCELLENT NEW
VOICES HEARD
AT7THETIVOLI
Notes of the Players.
The splendid reception which has been
accorded to "Everyman" during its first
week's engagement at Lyric Hall has
surpassed Ben Greet's largest expecta
tions as to the success of the play on
the Pacific Coast. It has now been
definitely decided that on September 28
the company playing "Everyman" will
return to Berkeley, where their first pre
sentment was made so successfully, and
produce "Twelvth Night" In the new
Greek amphitheater of the university.
Mr3. Fiske's season will begin Septem
ber 14 at the Manhattan Theater, New
York, where she is busy rehearsinc her
company in "Mary of Magdala." In which
she will be seen in this city. Mrs. Flske' a
engagement at the Manhattan, where sho
appeared for several months In this play
last season, will cover but four weeks,
and her tour will be one of the longest
she has ever undertaken. She will be sup
ported by a very strong and well-balanced
organization that promises to give even
a more rounded and • symmetrical per
formance of Heyse's great drama than
that of last season. It Is always safe to
predict new excellences In any play in
which Mrs. Fiske appears for a second
season, because of the thought that this
great actress gives to any drama in which
she shows the Interest displayed by her
in "Mary of Magdala." In every promi
nent character that she has assumed
heretofore her repetitions have disclosed
new forces and new subtleties; and such
is her magnetism in her work beyond
that penetralia of the theater commonly
called "behind the scenes" that she seem3
to Inspire every player associated with
her to better effort than the player ever
before has shown. This Is a wonder of
her work reserved for the stage itself.
The marvels of her ability to adjust asso
ciative actora to the ensemble of any
play that she directs are well known
among players, many of whom that have
had the advantage of app*arinst with her
esteeming a season with Mrs. Flske
equivalent to a liberal education In the
arts of the theater.
42
WITH
THE
PLAYERS AND
THE MUSIC
FOLKWell Known Members of Local Fraternities |
the council. The programme was followed
by the serving of an excellent collation
and light refreshments with that liberal
hoBpitallty. for which this council Is
noted. A pretty feature of the meeting
was that all the officers of the council,
with one or two exceptions, were attired
In full dress suits.
The council in San Jose was visited re
cently by General, Deputy Bunting-, who
gave the members advice as to the com
ing of the Senate president on an official
visit. The council is making arrange
ments to give him a reception when ha
shall visit Ban Jose. There will be a
number of candidates to show the distin
guished officer how well the officers can
do the work of | the order, and that is to
be followed by a banquet in honor of the
visitor from the Senate. To this the mem
bers of the San Francisco Cabinet will
be invited, and it is possible that certain
officers of the local councils will also be
Invited.
The council , located in Alameda has
taken quarters in the hall of the Wood
men of the World In that place, and on
the evening of August 27 it had a house
warming. There was a good attendance.
including many of : the -members of the
San Francisco councils, and all had a
jolly good time.
The entertainment given in Golden Gate
Hall on the last Friday in August by Pa
cific Council of the National Union was a
most deasant affair, that was enjoyed by
ment traveling fund. The first of these
will be given in Pythian Castle on Sep
tember 8. Captain J. A. Eason Is In com
mand of the company. It has been de
cided that those members of the com
pany who want to go to the encampment
at the expense of the company must se-
GOLDEN GATE COUNCIL of the Na
tional Union on the evening of Au
gust 25, 'received an official visit
from the San Francisco Cabinet. There
was a large attendance of members, as
well as of visitors. After the obligation
of a candidate and the transaction of rou
tine business, the team that has been
selected to confer the degrees upon the
candidates at the large class Initiation to
be held some time In October in Golden
Gate Hall, gave its first evidence of abil
ity to do the work, which was almost
faultless, and after one or two moro
drills will be able to do the same to per
fection, at least that 13 the purpose of
those composing- it. The council closed
without form and then the meeting was
turned over to the speaker, who had pro
vided an interesting programme of enter
tainment. The principal speaker on be
half of the cabinet was J. A. Ross, presi
dent of Pacific Council, who spoke of
home and home life. Then there was half
an hour of funny sayings by J. Meyer,
vocal selections by the council's quartet
barytone solo by C. L. Gage and a short
talk by W. K. Wheelock, ex-preaident of
National Union.
Calaveras, the beauty parlor of the or
der In San Francisco, gave a very pleas
ant entertainment in Native Sons^Hall
on the evening of September 2 in aid of
its fund for sick and distressed members.
There was a good attendance and under
the direction of an efficient committee, of
which Sophie C. Struss was the chair
man, there was presented an excellent
programme of high clas3 numbers along
the vaudeville Una. - -.-
On retiring from the chair of president
of Buena Vlata-Parlor Miss Belle O'Brien,
who during her term proved herself a
most amiable and conscientious officer,
was presented by Past President Miss
Alice Ticoulet on behalf of the parlor a
fine diamond ring bearing with it not
only the fraternal but the personal love
of every member. In* addition to this Miss
O'Brien was presented a number of floral
tokens of affection. • ;"
During the latter part of August Pied
mont Parlor of Oakland admitted two
members by initiation. This parlor is
deeply interested in the movement for the
erection In this State of a monument to
Betsy Ross, who made the first American
flag. It was Mrs. Jennie E. Brown, a
member of this parlor, who suggested the
Idea and the delegates from the parlor
brought the matter up In the Grand Par
lor, where a resolution was adopted in
dorsing the idea.
>y<HB following named have been ln-
I stalled as the officers of Las Tar
rosas Parlor, Native Daughters of
the Golden West, by District Deputy An
na Lacy, a member of Las Lomas Par
lor: Charlotte Koch, past president;
Emelia Straub, president; Freda Bucking,
Alice Cuneo, vice presidents; Cathryn
Harrison, marshal; Lillian M. KlddelL re
cording secretary; Bessie Neednam, fin
ancial secretary; Louise Koch, treasurer;
Emma Mangels, Bella Butters and Min
nie Leffermann. trustees; Mae Nixon, In
side sentinel; Minnie Erickson, outsit!-*
sentinel, and Elizabeth V. Reardon, or
ganist. This parlor will give a party next
October for the purpose of increasing its
banner fund. The entertainment will con
clude with a one-act farce under the di
rection of Henry O. Leffermann.
Native Daughters.
remind her of the anniversary of her
marriage to the editor of the Woodman.
The two recipients made pleasant re
sponses. This was followed by a pro
gramme of music and songs, a» well as
speeches. Those who participated in the
programme were the California Camp or
chestra, California Camp quartet, XV.
Purdy, Billy Hynes, Clark's mandolin and
guitar club and J. J. Colgan, while those
v.ho were on the programme for ad
dresses were Merton C. Allen, P. F. Gil
roy, chairman of the visiting committee;
I* Vincent, Mayor SchmU*. who Is a
member of Golden Gate' Camp; A. J.
Weinart and others. D. L. Mayer read a
number of telegrams from the head camp
officers congratulating California Camp
and the editor of the Woodman. There
were a number of persons who were to
have entertained the 1500 persons present,
including a number of ladles, but for
lack of time they were "cut oat." The
programme was followed by a spread In
the banquet hall for 1000 persons. It was
announced that California Camp never
does anything by halves, and the commit
tee, composed cf L. Vincent, O. L. May
ers, Leo de Cardona, H. Nordman and M.
J. Levy, was highly complimented for
what It had done in the interest of Wood
craft.
The Choppers'. Friendship Club, which
is the sick benefit feature cf the Wood
men of the World in this city, is working
up a membership and Is doing all that it
The programme of entertainment In
cluded the following numbers: Vocal se
lections. Philfp Lindenbaum: piano duet,
the Misses Landers; vocal selections,
Frank Mackel; piano solo, Miss Gertie
Unfied; specialties, "Baby" McHugh;
comicaltles, George Ryan; fancy dance,
Irrne Ivamena, and vocal selection J.
Warren. After the programme there
¦were twelve numbers and three extra*.
"just a word or two" about woodcraft
as exemplified by the circle, "Prince"
Laurance Vincent of California Cansp;
Indian club swinging, M. Lewis; recita
tion, MJps Tanner; piano soio, Mrs. A. G.
Mahoncy; recitation. Mrs W. D. Clark;
tr.d specialties fcy Neighbors De" Roco of
Western Addition Camp. Dr. C'.ark.
N«i~hbor Nathan. Guardian Neighbor
Mrs. Ross at the Host Circle and Neigh
bor Stock of Golden Gate Camp. Alter
the propramme, a collation was served.
This camp Is working hard to make its
prand bail, to be Riven in Red Men's Hall
rf^ptemb*. r 10. a great eucccss.
The anniversary entfrtainment given In
the assembly hall of the Pioneer building
on Aujrust ti was a pleasant affair that
w;:f enjoyed by raany of the members,
ar.rS many ladies and gentlemen who are
Dot members of Woodcraft. The affair
was conducted to a successful issue by
tJ.o following named committees: Social
committee — Chairman Dr. G. XV. Goodale,
Jair.cs J. Mackel. S. A. McHugh, J. F.
MoElroy, A. IL Hans>en; reception
rorrimlttec— Chairman James J. Mackel,
J. J. McDonald. F. J. Kelly, It. Mc-
Cormack, L Michaels; floor manager. J.
McCann; assistants — IL A. Hipps, J. F.
Mackel. L. Wolfe. A- Llndenbaum, M.
7>rv1nson, D. Mackel, F. nice, J. J. Hur
ley
August 21 in Its forest in the Na
tiv«? Sons* building', on the occasion of
' the opea meeting trhen strangers
•were welcomed. For their entertainment
there was an interesting programme of
ruled numbers, which involved an exhi
bition of physical culture un£cr the lead
ership cf Mrs. Curnmingrs by JZ. Rut he,
M. Houseworth, Miss Watkins and Miss
Hoag; accompanist. Miss Edith Straub;
THERE waa a crowded house at
the open meeting of the Califor
nia Circle of the Women of
Woodcraft on the evening of
The official visit by the visiting commit
tee of the red hot compalgn to California
Camp on the last Monday in August and
the reception that was tendered at the
same time in Native Sons' Hall by the
camp to Dai^d Oliver Jr., editor of the
Pacific Woodman, was one of the great
est events that has taken place in Wood
craft in this State Elnce the
Fcrnbrook initiation. Every camp in
the city was represented, the de
gree teams of the local camps and
one from Oakland were on hand in uni
form and these led by a band of music
escorted the guest of the evening, in the
company of "Prince" Laurance Vincent,
to the stage and as they entered they
were received with vociferous applause.
The guest of the evening was welcomed
by Joseph A. Wilson, chairman or the
evening, and he was then presented by
"Prince" Vincent on behalf of the camp
a set of handsomely engrossed and
framed resolutions in remembrance of
the occasion. This was followed by the
appearance on the stage or the drill team
of California Circle of the Women of
Woodcraft, when Guardian Neighbor Mrs.
P. Ro?s on behalf of the circle presented
Mrs. Oliver a beautiful chocolate set to
Redwood Circle will have a first-class
entertainment and dance in Eagles' Hall
on the evening of September S. Neighbor
Mrs. Blangry Is directing the committee
that is to have charge of this affair.
can to reach the 1000 mark under the di
rection of D. F. Wise, the president, and
F. K. Teeter, the secretary, with the as
sistance of the hard worker* of the club.
At the first meeting in August thirteen
applicants were admitted to membership
by initiation and on the last Wednesday
in that month eleven more were admitted.
Golden Gate Circle of the Women of
Woodcraft on the last Thursday in August
gave a Japanese party In the eastern hall
of the Shiels building. It was a very
pleasant affair that was carried on under
the supervision of Mattie McAvln. who
was the floor manager; Captain Allie Per
rin, Lizzie Kamena, Theresa Casslnelli,
Kattie Brown and Agnes B. King. Many
of the neighbors of the circle were attired
in Japanese costume and the one who
represented Orientalism most perfectly
was Neighbor Miss Jacobs. Guardian
Neighbor Mrs. Mary Mackel and Past
Guardian Neighbor Mrs. Kaufman lent
valuable assistance to make the affair
the success that it was. Mrs. Schneid
windt has donated a beautiful sofa cush
ion to this circle to be disposed of for the
pood of this subordinate.
This lodge gave Its first social in the
early part of August under the auspices
of the social committee and It proved a
pleasant affair. More than two-thirds of
the members were present and a very
agreeable evening was the result.
The various companies of the Uniform
Hank of the Knighst of Pythias of the
domain of California are making ar
rangements to attend the Supreme En
campment, | to be held in Louisville, Ky.,
August, 1904. San Francisco Company No.
56 is in line and in order to secure funds
to defray the expenses the company has
decided to give a series of entertainments
and socials, also exhibition drills, the pro
ceeds of which will go into the encamp-
GOLDEN GATE LODGE of the
Knights of Pythias conferred the
knight rank on one esquire in a
manner that won for the officers a great
deal of favorable comment. One member
was admitted by card and several appli
cations were presented and referred.
Chancellor Commander W. R. Emerick
has been granted two months" leave of
absence, as he is about to visit Arizona.
During his absence his station in the
lodge will be filled by Vice Chancellor Dr.
Joseph Ardenyi, who has proved himself
fully competent to discharge the duties
of the higher office and to deliver the
charges to candidates in a most creditable
manner.
Knights of Pythias.
The reserve fund of the Independent Or
der of Foresters on the flrat of last July
amounted to J-3/;33,153.
On September 1 Court Acacia had an
open meeting for its friends In Its hall In
the Pioneer building. Under the direction
of Chief Ranger O.- K. Brown there was
offered for the entertainment of the mem
bers and the Invited guests an excellent
musical and literary programme, which
was added to by a remarkable exhibition
of hypnotism, by District Deputy Nell3en.
After the programme refreshments were
served and there was a short programma
of dancing.
High Chief Ranger Cooper was in Stock
ton recently and 'while there selected
headquarters for the high standing com
mittee. These will also be the headquar
ters of the supreme chief ranger, Dr.
Oronhyatekha. who will, before the open
ing of the High Court in the city named,
be in San Francisco October 17. on which
night tbere will bo & largo class Initiation
in Golden Gate Hall.
Court Terba Buena Is still actively at
work arranging for the picnic to be held
at Camp Taylor September 9.
O. B. Parkinson, recording secretary of
Court Yosemlte of Stockton, called at
Forestlc Headquarters in the Call Annex
last week and told of the work the court
is doing to receive the high court officials
and representatives In October.
During the last week seven candidates
were obligated In Court Predta and five
In Diana.
Court Golden Gate had an open meet-
Ing for Its friends during the last week
and presented a most pleasing programme
of music and song. General Deputy High
Chief Ranger Cameron was present and
entertained the audience with dialect
stories.
The court in Stockton Is securing mem
bers and holding them to present them
to the Supreme Chief Ranger when he
visits that city during the session of the
high court of California,
Court Oakland Is working hard to se
cure some of the prizes that have been
offered by High Chief Ranger Cooper to
the three courts which, within a stated
time, shall show the greatest gain.
Court Southern Heights was to have
celebrated the anniversary of Its insti
tution in a few weeks, but in view of the
fact that the Supreme Chief Ranger will
be In this city on the 17th of October to
attend the large class initiation which
will be held in Golden Gate Hall, the
court decided to postpone the celebration
until that date, and the programme of en
tertainment and dancing the court will
arrange will be enjoyed immediately after
the Initiation. The court has agreed to
decorate the hall in a lavish manner and
it promises a fine programme of enter
tainment.
Court Seal Rock is taking la a number
of applications at each meeting: and Is
obligating candidates for the purpose of
holding them for the class Initiation.
could comfortably crowd Into ii.
There was a fine musical and literary
programme. Supreme Deputy Chief
Ranger G. Q. Stewart delivered an Inter
esting address on the condition of the
order and of what Is being done for the
class Initiation.
THE entertainment recently given by
Court Diana in Its hall oa Eddy
street was attended by as many as
Independent Foresters.
a very largo number of people and for
excellence and variety the programme
excelled anything ever before given by
this council. It reflects great credit on
the committee of arrangements, consist-
Ing of R. J. Walsh, chairman; W. A. Gal
vln, A. S. Nelson, W. F. Tates, Edward
Dillon Jr., C. E. Torres, H. W. Maass, A.
II. Jooet and F. Eskln. The following
were the numbers presented: "Hanover
ian Song," the Berkeley Quartet; Instru
mental music, by a banjo, mandolin and
guitar club; "The Whirlwind Dance," by
Miss Ruth Wilson and Miss Irma Roper.
This number, by the performers who are
under 14 years of age, captured the audi
ence and the little ones were forced to re
turn four times In response to the vocifer
ous applause. Violin solo, Hugo Pohcim;
darky melodies, by T. A. Smith, with
humming accompaniment by the Berkeley
.Quartet; monologue, C. R. Morse; bary
tone solo, Joe Egan; "Nut Brown
Maiden," the Berkeleyites; banjo and
mandolin sextet, "On the Levee," Berke
ley Quartet; monologue, Milton Schwartz;
vocal solo, "Genevelve," C. R. Morse;
recitation and dance, Master Barton, and
"Bola." California's song, by California
University students ami the quartet.
Those from the university who con
tributed are: T. A. Smith, C. B. Mills.
J. S. Mills, M. Jeffries, Dr. Samuel Block,
Milton Schwartz. H. Poheim. Virgil
Sherry. II. Merrill. and C. R, Morse.
cure a certain percentage of attendance
at drills.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1903.
43
ECHOES
FROM THE
LODGE
ROOMMiss Marion Holden. the artist, who is
ding of Miss Apperson and Dr.
FUat will be one of the earliest and will
take place at the home of Mrs. Hearst,
an aunt of the bride-to-be. Miss Apper
son's trousseau has been carefully chosen
under the personal supervision of Mrs.
Hearst and Includes several thousand dol
lars' worth of laces and materials. Some
of the garments were made in New York
and otherB in this city.
AUTUMN brides are the all absorb
ing topic in society and are mo
nopolizing the time and attention
of the cown makers. The wed-
ried set into the club, rivaling, perhaps,
the assemblies of the old Friday Night
Club in charge of Mr. Greenway.
The list of patronesses is slightly
changed. Mrs. W. H. Mills has with
drawn her name this year and Mrs. Bow
man McCalla and Mrs. William G. Irwin
* are added to the former number. The
others are: Mrs. Timothy Hopkins, Mrs.
Alfred Hunter Voorhies, Mrs. William
Holmes McKlttrick, Mrs. A. W. Foster,
Mrs. H. E. Huntington, Mrs. J. W. Mc-
Cluiig, Mrs. J. D. Spreckels.
• •• •
Miss Elsa Cook and C. E. Greenfield
Miss Leila Paget. the beautiful daugh
ter of the beautiful Mrs. Arthur Paget,
Is in a state of health distressing to all
her relations and friends. Her parents
Mrs. Potter Palmer and her sons. Hon
or© and Potter Palmer, are at the Carl
ton Hotel, London. The young men ex
pect to return to America shortly, but
Mrs. Palmer will remain abroad until the
late autumn. Since their arrival in Eng
land "the Palmer boys" have taken #ev
eral motor trips about the country and on
one Journey up the river were accompani
ed by their mother looking very hand
some in her widow's weeds, with Just
a touch of white at her throat and wrists.
Mrs. Palmer is not "going out" at all,
but she is seeing a great many people in
a quiet way. Among the many are Mrs.
Mackay, Mrs. Ronalds and Mrs. Chet
field-Taylor. It Is said that Mrs. Palmer
will • be in Homburg soon. Several im
portant Chicago people are there now,
among others Mr. Marshall Field, who
left England immediately after seeing
his daughter. Mrs. Tree, in Leamington.
and long drooping sleeves, gathered into
a narrow cuff at the wrist.
Charles Frohman will produce at the
Columbia Theater. Washington, on Sep
tember 21, a play by E. H. Sothern, en
titled. "The Light that Lies In Woman's
Eyes," in which Virginia Harned Is to
be starred. The play will be given for
one week, after which Miss Harned will
begin her regular season In "Iris," tour-
Charles Frohman has decided to ha.v«
John Drew open two of his remodeled
New York theaters. As the New Empire
will not be ready until October, it has
been arranged to have Drew Inaugurate
Frohman's management of th© • Herald
Square Theater, opening there on Sep
tember 15 in "Captain Dieppe." After
playing at this house for four weeks.
Drew will move to the Empire and open
that theater. Miss Margaret Dale will
be Drew's leading woman.
• ':¦- • 1 •'•
Helen Ware to support Robert Edeson
In "Soldiers of Fortune" that will b«
seen here this season. Miss Ware first
received prominence through her success
ful assumption of the role of Cigarette in
"Under Two Flags" during the sudden
Illness of Jliss Blanche Bates.
Mrs. Herman Oelrichs is' entertaining
Cards received in San Francisco from
Baron and Baroness von Wrede announc
ing the marriage of their daughter, Miss
Kuhne Beveridge, to William B. Bran
son on August 25 at Trouville are being
discussed with interest, as the family
has many warm friends here. The Bar
oness was formerly Mrs. Philo Beveridge
of Springfield, 111. After becoming a
widow she met and married the Baron
and during their stay In San Francisco,
when In need of money, she bravely
started two or three enterprises in order
to help her husband make a living. The
Baron was temporarily night clerk at the
Baldwin Hotel.
The Baroness' daughter, the present
bride, as Miss Kuhne Beveridge, estab
lished herself as the wife of Charles
Coghlan, the. actor, but annulled her mar
riage upon the appearance of the actor's
firs't wife. Miss Beveridge enjoys a world
wide reputation as a sculptor and had
her first studio in San Francisco, but af
terward proceeded to London. Her first
busts were of Uncle George Bromley and
William " Greer Harrison. Mrs. Branson
will now reside at Johannesburg, South
Africa, where her husband has import
ant business interests, being a millionaire
mine owner.
*Dr. George B. Story, who has been
spending the past twp weeks in San Franr
Cisco and vicinity, will return to his
home in Portland, Oregon, the latter part
of this week.
W. H. Mills and family have taken
apartments at the Cecil - for th« winter
months, having rented their Jackson
street home to the Aliens of Ross Valley.
Dr. and Mrs. Russell H. Cool entertain
ed th« Princess Teku of Tahiti and Mr.
and Mrs. AtwaUr last' week at their
country home at Los Gato's. As these
guests entertained Mrs. Cool during her
visit at Tahiti last year, she availed her
self of this opportunity to return their
hospitality. Mrs. Atwater is an- aunt of
the Princess.
cannot speak English, but bravely go to
teas'where~a few of the girls ~ struggle
with their verbs and others stick to plain
English, regardless. One young woman
conversed * with one . of the Protet of
ficers for some time at a recent, tea, all
the while sticking to her English while
he knew only French, yet he must have
understood her animated face, for he
seemed highly entertained. One girl
insisted . that she owed him. no apology
for knowing so little French, as a navy
officer had more time than anything else
and should learn his English p's and q's.
The debutantes will not have everything
their own way at La Jeunesse dances this
year, as assemblies will take the place of
the cotillons of previous winters. This
will increase the informality, of these
affairs and bring more of the young mar-
Miss Lila Fairchild has returned to her
home in Los Angeles after a visit of six
weeks in San Francisco.
Mrs. William D. O'Kane has sold, her
house on Broadway.
Mrs. Jack Johnston, nee Landers, of
Los Angeles is visiting her mother, 'Mrs.
W. J. Landers, at her summer homo
across the bay. •. \i >;
Mr. Rodolph has not adopted a stage
career, owing "to the " objections "of his
mother, but spent his vacation in this way
and has now resumed the study of den-'
tlstry.
The Duchess of MarlboroUgh bids fair
to become a leader of fashion. She had
little prestige as a. dresser when she first
came to England, but she is evidently
studying the question scientifically and
with a view to setting the vogue. She
has just had sent home from a fashionable
English shop an evening gown made with
one of those high-cut belts, giving the
short- waisted , appearance so I much seen
a few years ago. This evening gown is
a very beautiful sequin affair. It has a
quaint effect, what with the high belt
Now that "sacred concerts" with their
al fresco dinners on the Casino piazza at
Newport are so popular, Louis Bruguiere
entertained a party of forty in this way
the- same Sunday evening that Mrs. Oel
rlchs gave a dinner there.
• ' • •
considerably' this summer at Newport.
On Thursday she gave" a dinner to 200
guests, who afterward attended the com
ing out dance which Baroness, Seilliere
gave, for her daughter, Mlsa Constance
Llvermore. The previous week Mrs. Oel
rlchs gave a dinner party on the Casino
grillroom piazza.
Frank Rodolph has returned from a trip
on the Orpheum circuit, where he enter
tained audiences with his clever songs.
Mrs. Pfingst. who was formerly Flor
ence Porter, will entertain a jolly house
party at her home, \ near Watsonville,
from Tuesday to Friday of this week.
A bullshead breakfast is among the
unique affairs planned for entertainment.
\ Presidio hops have been resumed with
more interest than usual and the club will
be the scene of delightful affairs on Tues
day evenirigs for the remainder of the
year.
W. Hoyt, Mrs. L. H. Bryan, Mrs. E. G.
Rodolph, Mrs. George Weir and Mrs. Eu
gene Bresse.
The officers on board the French man
of-war Protet are being considerably
entertained during • their stay in our har
bor. Mrs. Homer gave them a tea
this week. Unfortunately some of them
Mrs. Dutton and Misses Mollte and Ger
trude Dutton • have taken the Kimball
house on Broadway for six months. Mrs.
Dutton has invited Mr. and Mrs. Harry
Macfarlane, formerly Miss Polly Dunne,
to be her guests for the winter. . Mr. Mac
farlane has business interests in Honolulu
and it is not yet known whether he will
be able to get away.
have not set a day for their wedding and
do not expect to be -married before next
year. Miss Cook is thie charming daugh
ter of Mrs.--A.-W. Cook "and Mr. Green
field is a popular young business man.
The " engagement was announced at the
Landers-Johnston wedding, at which Miss
Cook was bridesmaid, and was the cul
mination of a pretty romance which be
gan when Mr. Greenfield and his bride
to-be sang together at the doll show, in
the Florodora sextet.
Henry B. Harris has engaged Miss
As Told on the Rialto.
are sending her to Newport with her
companion and maid In attendance in the
hope that the sea voyage and Newport's
bracing air will promote recovery. Miss
Paget has not been well since her winter
visit to her brother, who was stationed at
Cairo and for whom Miss Paget kept
house several months. It was not known
how ill she was, however, until a few
nights ago when she was not able even
to . descend to her mother's drawing
room on the occasion of an evening party
Mrs. Paget could not postpone.
Miss Gladys Unger. the San Franc.'sco
girl whose play "Sheridan" was recently
purchased by Daniel Frohman for Ameri
ca and by Arthur Bourchier for England,
has this week been commissioned to write
two more plays for prominent English
managers. Miss Unger has put aside all
other work for the present and gone to
Tunbridge Wells, the fashionable water
ing place, where she can write on the
two playa without interruption.
• • •
One year after young Edwin Grasse. tha
American violinist who makes his first
concert tour in this country this season
was admitted to the Royal Conservatory
in Brussels, he won the first prize with
distinction, and In 1001. the "Prix de
Capacite" was awarded him with tho
hlghest honors. Young Grasse was a <
special student with Cesar S. Thomson
and he is a protege of the great Joachim
upon whose advice he began his concert
career in Berlin last year with Instant
success.
Arthur Donaldson, the gallant Prince In
"The Prince of Pilsen," shortly to be
seen here, was born in Norway. He re
ceived his early training under Ibsen and
acted in nearly all of the Ibsen dramas,
but it became so hard to pronounce the
names of the characters after a while
that he fled to this country and went
In for musical plays.
ing west and as far as the coast. Tho
rehearsals will be conducted by Sothern.
who will postpone his own season's open
ing so that he can be present at the first
night's performance of the play in Wash
ington.
Handsome Society Girl, Young Matron Who Has Been Visiting Her Parents, and a Bride.
• • •
Mrs. H. T. Lally was hostess at an In
formal luncheon at her home on Pacific
avenue on Thursday, complimentary to
Mrs. J. E. Reynolds of San Mateo. The
table was prettily decorated with pink
sweet peas.
.Among those present were: Mrs. John
Miss Partello will return to San Francisco
during the winter to visit Miss Madden
and Miss Anderson.
Dwight Partello Jr., a nephew of the
major, will leave for Omaha within a few
days, having completed his business, in
San Francisco. Mr. Partello Is a son of
Dwight Partello. an American Consul in
Germany.
This news brings disappointment to
their many friends here, for although the
Partellos came to the Presidio but re
cently they have become very popular.
Major M. T. Partello has been ordered
to Fort Niobrara, near Omaha, Nebraska,
and will soon proceed to. his new post,'
accompanied by his wife and daughter.
Miss Florence Partello.
Dr. and Mrs. James A. Black were
among those who witnessed the perform
ance of "Everyman" at Lyric Hall on
Wednesday evening. , The ¦ Blacks have
purchased a home In Alameda, where,
with their little sons, they have been
spending the summer very quietly.
Miss Bertie Bruce's wedding has been
indefinitely postponed, owing to the ill
ness of her mother. The postponement
must be a grave disappointment to the
young people, as their new home is com
pleted and waiting for them.
The attentions of Ed Tobin to Miss De
Young are extremely interesting to their
friefnds, who will be only too happy to
Bend engagement cups If the proper time
comes to do so. They even hint that Mr.
Tobin meets with more approval than the
other suitors. I don't know why he
shouldn't, for Mrs. Tobin is an excellent
mother and has devoted her life to her
children, bringing out character and mak
ing the most of their talents. Then, too,
both the De Youngs and Tobins , are de
vout Catholics. However, Miss de
Young has only been out one season and
is likely to be whisked away thousands
of miles for more social successes, and
such a departure might cloud Cupid's
horizon considerably.
Miss Helen de Young, Miss Adah How
ell and Charles de Young formed a pleas
ant little party at the Channlng entertain
ment. Miss De Young was attractive in
white and Miss Howell wore a pretty
gown of champagne color with tulle bows
at the neck. This debutante of last win
ter became almost as noted for her tulle
bows as for her popularity with, the
other sort. At every party Miss Howell
looked like a fairy with tulle bows In her
hair and about her neck. In fact the
tulle was arranged with such profusion
as strongly to suggest wings.
Mr. and Mrs. George W. Whltaker will
keep their apartments at Van Ness ave
nue and Vallejo street during the coming
season. Mrs. Whitaker, a recent bride,
is a niece of Mrs. George Carr, whom she
visited two seasons ago when studying at
the Hopkins Art Institute. Mrs. Whit
aker is particular fond of black and white
work.
Judge Cooper and his son, Oscar Coop
er, are spending their vacation on a hunt
ing trip through Oregon.
er have returned to their home on Pacific
avenue and will probably extend consid
erable hospitality to their friends during
the coming season. During the summer
while at Lake Tahoe, Miss Cooper was
one of the most universally popular young
women at the tavern.
Mrs. J. A. Cooper and Miss Ethel Coop.
Mrs. Henry L. Roosevelt, who was for
merly Miss Eleanor Morrow, returned to
the Philippines on the Thomas with many
pleasant memories of her visit to her
old home. Mrs. W. H. Morrow gave a
delightfully informal tea complimentary
to her sister-in-law prior to her de
parture.
Mrs. Roosevelt will probably return to
the coast with her husband. Lieutenant
Roosevelt, next spring, when he is as
signed to another post.
Lieutenant Roosevelt is a nephew of
the President
• • • •
A military wedding of special interest
to take place in September is that of
Miss Elizabeth Toung, daughter of Lieu
tenant General Young, and Lieutenant
John It. Hanncy, adjutant of the Second
Battalion of the Seventy-second Infantry.
The lieutenant's regiment has been sta
tioned at Fort Crook, but has been or
dered to the Philippines, which accounts
for the wedding taking place at bo early
a date.
Miss C. M. Colfelt sailed away on the
Korea Thursday for Japan, where she
will marry Lieutenant E. Taylor, U. S.
A- This romance is one of particular in
terest, as Miss Colfelt has refused a Eu
ropean title for a poor lieutenant.
The wedding of Miss Maud Cluff and
George Downey at the Palace maple room
in November will be quite a large affair.
Miss Vesta. Shortridge Is back In town
and is taxing the wits of two leading
modistes, who are vying with each other
In making beautiful gowns for her trous
4WI&U. The second week In October is set
Miss Snortridge's marriage to Emil©
Bruguiere.
Miss ThereBe Morgan is having many
pretty things made to wear, and her
marriage to Norrls Davis will be one of
the Interesting- autumn events.
Miss Marion Coffin will become the
bride of Sheppard Eells, son of C. P.
Eells, this month. The wedding will take
place at the home of the bride In Marln
County, and many gayly attired guests
will cross the bay to Ehare the wedding
festivities. The young people have taken
a house tn the Western Addition, where
they will reside after a brief wedding
trip.
The trousseau of Miss Julia de Laveaga
will be a feast to the eyes and, I under
stand, will include thirty handsome
gowns.
The Welch-De Laveaga wedding, a few
weeks hence, will be a large church af
fair, both families being devout Catho
lics. The groom-elect's mother, Mrs.
Bertha Welch, is extremely charitable
and has done a great deal for St. Igna
tius Church, having given a beautiful or
gan and also other things which she has
imported at great expense. I have heard
that the Welches have a little chapel in
their own home.
The De Laveaga family Is also liberal
with money. Edward J. Le Breton, an
uncle of the bride-to-be, recently left
$30,000 to charity.
Miss de Laveaga has a charming: per
sonality in addition to her wealth.
also a protege of Mrs. Hearst, -will maiTy
Charles Stockton Pope, son of the late
Colonel Benjamin Pope. U. Sf A., at Trin
ity Church on the 21st of the present
month.
- • ¦ ' ¦• - • -¦.-.¦;
THE SAN- FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER . 6. 1903.
44
SOCIETY