SCENES IN THE .DISTURBED AREA ON THE ISTHMUS OF PANAMA.
iWARSHIP FROM. WHICH, MARINES WERE LANDED AND AMERI
CAN DIPLOMATIC, AND, CONSULAR REPRESENTATIVES.
Continued on Page 2, Columa 4.
Continued on Page 8 , Columns 2 and 3.
missing millionaire;. ; •
is held ;by v kidnapers
Congressman Slemp Says That Young
Philadelphian Is a Prisoner in the \
Mountains of .Virginia. \
BRISTOL, '.Va., -Nov. 5.— Congressman
Slemp In Bristol to-night confirmed the
rumor that Edward L.'Wentze, the young
Philadelphia .millionaire ,who disappeared.
Is in the hands of abductors in the moun
tains of Southwestj Virginia, and: , that a
ransom of $100,000 is demanded for hi» re-
ST. LOUIS CONTRACTOR
SHORT IN HIS ACCOUNTS
Elroy S. Platt. Who Attempted to
Kill Himself, Is Said to Be a
Defaulter.'
8T. LOUIS, Nov. 5.-Elroy S. Platt, t$e
St. Louis contractor who attempted sui
cide in Pittsburg, Pa., yesterday, is
charged with being a defaulter to the exr
tent of more than J20.000 by the stock
holders of the George Platt Contracting
Company In a petition which they filed In
the Circuit Court to-day asking that a re
ceiver be appointed for the company.
George' Platt, .founder of the company
and father of the man In Pittsburg, as
sumed the liability for his son's alleged
shortage.
tier is said to have reported that he Was
given the right of way through to Ifirst
and Market streets, which is nearly a
mile east of the point where the collis
ion occurred."
Division Superintendent W. 8. Palmer
said: "As the matter has been reported
to me the switch engine crew Is entirely
to blame. The Alameda local was pro
tected by a 'danger 1 signal set behind«the
train as It stopped at Peralta street. It
was set against all trains on" that "track
and the collision could not havo occurred
had the engineer of the switch engine
heeded that warning signal. The fact is
in all likelihood that the engineer .thought
the Alameda local had gone through and
was not observing the signals."
DEATH OF MRS. SCHENXEY
AT HER HOME IN LONDON
Deceased Leaves an Estate in Al
legheny County, Pa., Valued at
More Than $40,000,000.
PITTSBURG, Pa., Nov. 5.— The death of
Mrs. Mary E. Schenley at her home in
Hyde Park, London, was made known In
Pittsburg to-day.
Mrs. Schenley inherited. much property
from her grandfather. General O'Hara,
the noted soldier and .pioneer of Pitts
burg, and from her father, Colonel Crogan
of Kentucky. She was : the largest owner
of real estate in Allegheny County and
her holdings here are valued at between
$40,000,000 and $50,000,000. Mrs. Schenley
also owned valuable properties In some
of the Western States. She had given
much property and money .to Pittsburg
schools, churches and charity.
Terse Statement of Washington's
Policy Is Given to The Call '/
. \, . ' Special IDispatch to The Call. . .
C-ALL- BUREAU, '1406 G STREET, N. W., WASHING
TON, Nov.'s.— Around. the revolution ; on the Isthmus of
Panama and 'the proclamation of independence of the "Re-
. public- of. Pana.ma," : the United- States has framed a radical policy.
Precedent is cast to the winds. American naval commanders on
.the isthmus, -whbse 'force will' be" increased if necessary, will pre
• vent any conflict between Government arid revolutionist troops.
Colombia, must 'settle her quarrel with*' Her -subjects peaceably, if
at all. : As.the only way, however, ¦ to stop yearly, insurrectionary
movements, on the . and ¦ relieve the United States of the
burden of, policing territory* not its. own, the new policy contem
plates either ~ the recognition of .the sovereignty of the new State
or the , construction .of the Panama v canal by ¦ force of arms,
if necessary: •¦••:.:'••:'»:; • ; ¦ :¦ « \k?$'}?
This mailed hand ideaj however) will >not be turned to ac
tion without the approval' of the United States' Congress, to
which the~President proposes to set forth the situation in full at an
early date", ' and which will be asked anew, in' the light of later de
velopments, to indicate which canal' route it desires— Panama or
• Nicaragua*. * ¦ <, . . .*
; The Call correspondent was -to-day given" an authoritative
statement of the United States' policy on the isthmus. It was
thus set' forth: '...'..,
"The United States, is bound by treaty to preserve free tran
• sit across "the Isthmus, of Panama. Heretofore it has always ex
ercised -that right to the advantage* of Colombia. The question
' now arises whether we shall continue to favor Colombia, which
has behaved in bad 'faith 'in -the matter of the canal treaty, or
shall we shape our ; policy according to the conditions no.w prev
"Nearly every year, the United 1 States , is required fo send
troops to the isthmus to preserve transit. The administration is
tired of. policing the] railroads^ for Colombia. There is no indica
tion that, left to themselves, ;the revolutionists will not be flying
at eacji other's throats in the future.' . It is anoth'er^case of Cuba,
save that Cuba^ was an oversea colony of Spain, while Panama
•is a province of Colombia. . -
"President" .Roosevelt regards the i canal question, coupled
with the resolution, as: advancetl to the -alternative whether or
Special Dispatch to The Call.
THOMASTON, Ga., Nov. 6.— Thomas. E.
Watson, candidate for the Vice - Presi
dency in 1896, onco leader of the Populist
party and later renowned as an author
on account of the success of his histori
cal works, has for the last two <Jays been
at the head of an armed faction repre
senting the ultra ''prohibitionists ' of the
town, which for a time^threatencd to
meet in bloody combat the so^ealled:Ilquor
element, which also was under arms wait-
Ing for trouble.
McDufile County . is "dry" under, the
Georgia local option law, but there have
been a number of charges of the JJxist
ence of "blind tigers.": Watson has tak
en a prominent part and for some time
great bitterness has existed -the
former Congressman and the leaders of
the faction which was charged with.en
couraging violations of the. liquor' laws. ]
A crisis was precipitated • a few v days
ago, .when Watson was Informed that a
young man of- the' town had used some
opprobrious epithets , concerning him " be
fore a crowd, in. a local barber,, shop.
Meeting thj young man on the street a
few hours later, Watson ,told. htm what
he had heard." The .former, not only ad
mitted his remarks, but repeated them,
with curses. Bystanders prevented a^ per
sonal encounter, but Watson's antagonist
and his brothers proceeded to arm them
selves, whereupon Watson also armed
himself. . . '> • - . . . . . ¦ . :
Friends of both sides were quickly under
arms and for a time It seemed Impossible
to prevent bloodshed. -Every dealer; In
the city handling firearms and ammuni
tion was besieged and a battle was ex
pected. ;
The affair was finally adjusted through
the intervention- of older citizens, 'who
acted as intermediaries. and both factions
have now laid aside their aims', though
the bitterness has not* been \ allayed and
the trouble may break out again.
Former Populist
Leader on the
Warpath.
COLON, Colombia, Nov. 5, 7 p. in.—
The Royal. Mail steamer Orinoco
with twenty-eight officers, 435
.¦ men and thirty women has sailed.
The United States auxiliary
cruiser Dixie has just arrived.
After a conference this afternoon. Gen
eral Torres, commander of the Colombian
troops here, seeing that the situation
was hopeless, asreed to embark his troop*
on the Orinoco, sailing for Cartagena. A
special train from Panama brought Gen
eral Tovar, who also sailed *on the Ori
noco.'
The people of Colon are now Jubilant.
The flag of the new republic flies at the
railroad stations at Gataun and Bahla So
lado near Colon. Troops from Panama
will take charge of the city to-morrow.
The Municipal Council of Colon has Just
notified the Provisional Government at
Panama of its adherence to the new re
public. ,
It was arranged yesterday that th«
Government troops should withdraw to
the outskirts of the town and they did S3
during the night. This morning, how
ever. Colonel Torres marched the troops
to the center of the town, which caused
a landing of America"n bluejackets this
morning. •
Commander Hubbard of the Nashville
offered to re-embark the American force
If the Government troops would return to
their camp on Monkey Hill, where they
passed the night. Colonel Torres, how
ever, refused to return to Monkey Hill,
which is about a mile from Colon, sayinj
the place was too unhealthy for the sol
diers and that It was necessary for them
to come -to town. The American blue
jackets barricaded themselves behind
bales of cotton in front of the bank and
the railroad buildings and the commander
of the Nashville distributed about fifty
rifles to private citizens, who assisted the
bluejackets in guarding the barricades.
HTJTBBARD TAKES A HAND.
American Naval Officer Arranges for
Withdrawal of Troops.
* PANAMA, Nov. 5.— Genera* Tovar and
his staff have at last been convinced of
the uselessness of their resistance to the
provisional government and have accept
ed the terms offered by the junta. The
arrangement to this end was made
through the efforts of Commander Hub
bard of the United States gunboat Nash
ville and Superintendent Shaler and As
sistant Superintendent Prescott. of the
Panama Railroad, who guarantee that
both parties wiU fulfill the agreement.
There Is great rejoicing in the city, be
cause the stability of ; the republic now
seems assured. The fact that troops were
already moving toward th.e line probably
decided General Tovar and his staff to ac
cept the terms of the junta.
Telegraphic advices received from the
Interior provinces say there was great
rejoicing there when the news of the
declaration of ' Independence became
known. The Government troop%statlone<l.
at Penonome, sixty-five miles southwest
of Panama, have joined In the revolu-
TOM WATSON
AT HEAD OF
ARMED MOB
Half a dexea passengers were hurt,
raauay more were severely shaken, and one
cwltchxa&n was severely injured In a
train collision in West Oakland last night
The accident was at the foot of Peralta
ctreet, beinz the collision of a switching
train and the Alameda local passenger
train, broad gauge, connecting with the
30:25 o'clock boat frcm San Francisco.
That at least three passengers on the
local were not instantly killed is almost
a miracle. Those three are E. C. Leffing
well, vice president of the San Francisco
Press Club; Paul Kellcgff of the Alameda
Transfer Company and James Rue of tne
.lohnson-Lccke Mercantile Company of
Har. Franciscc. -They were seated In the
last seat of the rear car, a combination
smoker end bag'page car, when the colli
sion occurred. A loaded meat refrigera
tor car was 1-urled ag-alnst the local train
with a force that telescoped the freight
car half way into the passenger coach,
the impact throwing the passengers from
their seats, burying them in a confusion
of splintered wood, iron work and debris.
On top cf the meat car was Switchman
Joe Lazelle, who was caught in the mess
and pinned beneath the wreckage. He was
badly crushed about the chest. The ter
rific impact tore seats in the passenger
coaches from their plnnir.gs ar.d jammed
passengers ir.to corners, wrenching,
bruising and cuttirg many of them. So
heavy was the violent shock that the car
couplings snapped like thread, a hole was
punched in the locomotive and the rear
truck of the smoker over which the three
passengers sat vas torn from, the car
bofiy and hurled forty feet away.
MANY WERE HURT.
In the emoker were about twenty pas
sengers. Arnor.g others hurt was L. A.
Lauenstein, residing at 21C2 Santa Clara
avenue. Alameda. whose left knee was
badly Jammed. In the first of the three
coaches was Mrs. E. Smith, residing at
l'5O5 Central avenue, who was thrown
forward by the shock, sustaining in
juries to her back. Mrs. J. M. Reynold,
2 GO 8 Central avenue, Alameda, also in
the first coach, was bruised. Walter
Story, residing at 2328 Clement avenue,
•n-.is riding in the middle car. He was
slightly brulsrd, but got out to the as
sistance of the Injured. Story assisted
In clearing away the wreck and remov
ing Switchman Lazelle. As soon as the
collision occurred word was sf-nt to Oak
land pier, and a wrecking train went to
the scene, clearing away the debris,
while another train was made up to take
the Alameda people to their destina
tion. There is no conflict in the various
stories cf the wreck as to the happen
ings, although the switch engine crew
and the Alameda men report differently
as to the cause. The Alameda local left
Oakland pier on time, in charge of Con
ductor Harry Edwards and Engineer Al
Wright. They ran through the mole and
the yards as far as Peralta-street
switch-house. There the train, under or
ders, slowed down for the conductor to
deliver the way bills for the yard
freight department, a practice of nightly
occurrence. The train had stopped for a
minute and had Just started to continue
:ts east-bound Journey when the crash
came. Behind the Alameda local on the
same track was a switch engine, 1108,
Engineer Whistler in charge,, pushing
ahf-ad of it refrigerator cars loaded with
beeves to be run up to a spur track at
First end Market streets.
DID NOT SEE TRAIN.
According to the switch train people,
they did not see the Alameda local be
cause, they claim, the tail end signal
lights were not burning.'. This is denied
by the passenger crew, who reported the
accident to Division Superintendent Pal
mer's office. On their behalf it was as
f-erttd by Division Superintendent Palmer
that the switch engine crew was wholly
at fault; that they "ran o~cr" -a set auto
matic biock pignal switch at "danger."
¦Web should have protected the Alameda
iocal while it was Inside the block limits
us far as Eroadway, Oakland. At any
:ate. the switch engine pushed the front
sneat car with such a terrific Jolt into
in,? smoker that it smashed over the pas
ieti£er car and hung th^re lifce a huge
&el] after scattering its contents amid a
lerrlble crash of smashing wood and metal
work. . -
To v.ild to the confusion, the lights in
th<_- tmoker -wore Buddenly extinguished
;;nc! out of the .darkness came the screams
of scores of frightened if not injured peo
ple. Lefflngwell, Kellogg and Rue, who
rftceived the full force of the blow, had
Special Dlsratch to The. Call
NEW TORK, Nov. 5.— In an afternoon
newspaper to-day was published what
purported to be an account of the mar
riage of Multi-millionaire Robert Goelet,
son of Mrs. Ogden Goelet, to Miss Eleanor
Anderson, u telegrapher in the Grand Ho
tel, and daughter of William' Anderson, a
restaurant keeper at 745 Sixth avenue.
Robert Goelet is a brother of Miss May
Goelet. who is to marry the Duke of Rox
burghe on Tuesday next.
To all statements made in this article
Goelet made denial in the presence of
George G. Dewitt, representative of tfie
Goelet family. This denial, Goelet and
his companions wished It understood, ap
plies with equal force to Goelet's cousin,
Robert Ogden Goelet. Goelet was shown
a photograph of Miss Eleanor Anderson,
who had been represented to be his bride,
and without any equivocation said, that
he did not know the young woman, and,'
so far as he knew, never had seen her
features before.
If Miss Anderson has been married to
a man of the name of Robert Goelet, her
husband Is In no way related to the Goe
let family in this city, Goelet said.
Thar* Eleanor Anderson, who until Mon
day was telegraph operator in the Grand
Hotel, expected to be married to-day
there can be no doubt. She had told her
friends about it and some one in her be
half evidently called at the Catholic Ca
thedral on Wednesday to make arrange
ments for the ceremony. Many of Miss
Anderson's particular friends and some
of her neighbors in West Fifty-first
street, where she lives with her parents,
believed that the bridegroom was to be
Robert Goelet.
Father McCue, rector of the Church
of the Sacred Heart of Jesus., in West
Fifty-firsi street, was led by some one to.
believe that the bridegroom-to-be was
Robert Goelet The Andersons are parish
ioners of Father McCue.
The reverend father said:
'I became aware of the contemplated
I marriage between Robert Goelet and
! Miss Anderson this evejiing, although I
cannot give you the source of my infor
mation. However. I do not think the
ceremony has been performed, because
no outside priest would officiate without
first consulting those in this parish."
meir clothes torn from thejr backs and
were cut and bruised from head to feet.
In describing the scene Lefflngwell said:
"We three occupied the last seat In the
smoker. I was on the way to Mr. Kel
logg'e residence at 2115 Eagle avenue, Ala
meda, as his guest. Mr. Rue was bound
to his home at 2115 Clement avenue. Just
before the crash we heard a great toot-
Ing of whistles, and one of us saidj
'There's a train passing.' But It was not
passing. In a second afterward there was
a sudden darkening of the car, a roar
and we were thrown In a heap beneath
what seemed to be an inextricable mass
of wreckage. The Beats we occupied were
torn from their fastenings. A heavy fire
extinguisher hit me in the back. Our gar
ments were In r.ibbons. Out of It all we
managed to scramble and then to' survey
the scene. The big refrigerator car had
telescoped half of the passenger coach
and hunc there a mere shell.
CRASH WAS VIOLENT.
"People piled out of the train, which
was quickly stopped, as It was barely
moving when the collision occurred. In
every coach and even on the engine there
were evidences of the violent impact by
the wrenched seats and torn out coup
lings. For the life of me I can't under
stand how we three men 'escaped more
serious injury."
After two Pullman coaches were made
up the delayed Alamedans were taken
home.
George Stack, a switchman on the re
frigerator car, assisted in getting Switch
man Lazelle out of the wreck. He said
the first he knew of an accident was
when the crash came, and it threw him
off the rear end of the meat car. but did
not hurt him. Stack knew Lazelle was at
the forward end of the car and as soon
as Stack could recover himself he ran
to his fellow workman's relief. Stack
said he did not know what caused the
wreck. Lazelle said he had just caught
a glimpse of the end of the. train when
the smash came. He was removed to his
residence, 1774 Tonth street.
ENGINEER'S VERSION.
Concerning the collision Engineer Whis-
Special Cable to *The Call and New Tork
Ileraid. Copyright, 19K>, by the New York
Herald Publishing Company.
LONDON, Nov. 5.— A new treatment of
cancer, which is believed to mark an im
portant advance, was explained last night
before the meeting of the Abernethian
Society of St. Bartholomew's Hospital by
Dr. Jesse Johnson, a London physician,
who has been examining the methods em
ployed by Dr. Otto Schmidt of Cologne.
"Dr. Schmidt's opinion," said Dr. John
son, "is that cancer is conditional on the
presence in the patient of the cancer pa
rasite, which produces a structural change
in the cells of the part affected. There
has been no difficulty in finding the para
sites associated with cancer. Geyford in
America. Pllmmer in this country and
Schuler all have discovered and very fully
described a comparatively large number
of these parasttes.
"The difficulty has been to decide what
if any of them is the cause of cancer.
Dr. Schmidt believes he has isolated the
specific parasite. His explanation of the
number of parasites associated with can
cer is that they are one and the same,
varying in shape and appearance under
different conditions. By altering the con
ditions, Dr. Schmidt says, his parasite
assumes all of the different appearances
which have led to Its being described by
other searchers as several parasites.
"With this parasite Dr. Schmidt has
done two things— he seems to have Bter
llized it with liquid air and he has in
jected it into animals and developed a
serum which has the power of destroy
ing cancer cells."
Dr. Johnson described In detail the ef
fects of these injections upon various pa
tients. One was a woman who had un
dergone no fewer than six operations for
the removal of a cancer of the breast.
She had also a malignant growth on the
forehead, which it was 'considered quite'
hopeless to attempt to remove. As a re
sult of Dr. Schmidt's treatment by in
jections there was a great gain in the
patient's general health and the growth
on the forehead shrank to a mere scar.
Statements by Her Friends
and Millionaire's Rela
tives Disagree.
Switch Crew Ignores Danger
Signals Set on Ala
meda Track.
Remedy Is Produced Prom
Parasites That Cause
Malignant Growth.
Young Woman in Case
a Hotel Telegraph
Operator.
Physician of Cologne
Successful in Ex
. pertinents.
Truck Ttuwn Forty
Feet and Men
Are Hurt
Refrigerator Car
Crashes Into
Coaches,
Wars Upon Germ
That Installs
Disease.
Busy Denying Ru
mors of Secret
Marriage.
LOCAL TRAIN
TELESCOPED
BY FREIGHT
NEW SERUM
GIVES CURE
FOR CANCER
MAY GOELET'S
BROTHER IN
A ROMANCE
AMERICA WILL PROTECT PANAMA FROM ATTACK BY COLOMBIA
AND BUILD ISTHMIAN CANAL BY FORCE OF ARMS IF NECESSARY
Colombian Jirmy
Retires From
Colon.
Secessionists Jire
in Possession
. of Isthmus.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY NOVEMBER 6, 1903.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME X tt 3IT— XO. 159.
The San Francisco Call.
THE THXSATEB3.
' Alcazar— "Too much Johnson. 1 *
Attambra— EUery's Eoyal Ital
ian Band.
California — Haverly's Min
strela. «
Central — "At Valley ror*e. w
Coltunbia — "The Storks."
Fischer's — "Kubes and Roses.™
Grand — "Ben Hut." *
Orphenm — Vaudeville.
The Chutes — Vaudeville.
Tivoli — Grand Opera.
S?. u Francisco itaA Vicinity—
TeJi rrlfiay. followed T*y
deadly -weather tad prtrtmfciy
rain, at nisrht; llsrlit aort&eact
vrlr 6 s. ciiarisx to fresh, south
easterly.
A. G. STASIS,
district Torecastcr.Terse Statement of Washington's Policy!
CHICAGO, Nov. 5. — A new bowling:
record was made to-night in the tourna
ment of the Monroe League when the
Sunset team of five men made a score
of 1119. Thirty strikes and sixteen
spares were marked in the game. The
performance is a world's record under
the new rules of the American Bowlin_
Congress. The previous record was 1105.
New Bowling Record Is Made.
SALINAS, Nov. 5.— The alleged horse
thief who was arrested at HolHster on
Tuesday after a running fight has been
found to have several wounds received at
the hands of the posses. He is now close
ly watched in the County Jail here, as ha
is thought to be shamming Insanity. He
says his name in Dolman. He also says
the horse was given to htm. that he was
on his way to the New Idria mines and
shot at his pursuers thinking 1 them
thieves.
Tempestuous Individual Who "Shot
Up" Salinas Makes azx Ex
planation.
WOTTND3 ARE FOUND
ON ALLEGED HORSETHTEP
SAN DIEGO, Nov. 5.— The Board of Su
pervisors has refused to approve the
bonds recently voted by the Imperial
school department, and a new election
will have to be held If valid bonds are to
be created. On September 23 the election
at which these bonds were voted was
held, and $6000 for a new school building
was the result. It has been discovered,
however, that the election was invalid
by reason of the fact that the polls were
advertised to be open from 1 a, m. to sun
down.
Error in an Advertisement Causes
Trouble in a Southern California
Town.
SUPERVISORS REFUSE
TO APPROVE THE BONDS
Hurley notified the police by telephone
as soon as he collected h!s scattered
senses. Detectives' Regan and Taylor
were immediately detailed on the case,
but as the robbers left absolutely no clew
behind them the officers have but little
hope of rounding them up.
The two masked men who, terrorized
the residents of the city a few months
ago have resumed operations again. Last
night about 11 o'clock the bold pair
stealthily entered the grocery and saloon
conducted by J. T. Hurley at Hayes and
Webster streets. They held Hurley and
a customer, J. L. Hanna, at bay at the
points of two revolvers, and after se
curing $165 in cash left the place and
disappeared in the darkness.
Hurley gives a vivid description of the
daring hold-up. He says he was sitting
in the barroom of his place at about 11:15
o'clock, talking to Hanna, when suddenly
the side doors of the barroom swung
open and two men appeared In the door
way, each wearing a large white maalc
and each armed with a revolver.
One was tall and slender and the other
short and stocky. The taller of the two,
who acted as spokesman, in a low tone
said, "You two fellows stand up against
the wall there, and if you make a move
or say a word I will fill you full of lead."
Hurley and Hanna did as they wera
commanded and, while the tall man
covered them with his pistol, his com
panion opened the till behind the bar and
took all that It contained. $5 in silver.
Then he went into the adjoining store and
rifled the till there of J7.
When the short man had finished ¦with
the tills Hurley and Hanna were tald to
throw up their hands. The short burglar
went through their pockets and toot J153
in gold and silver from Hurley. The
burglars went through Hanna's pockets,
but he had no money on his person.
Both Hurley and Hanna wore gold
watches, but the burglars ignored the
timepieces. With a few final words of
caution the masked pair backed out the
place, keeping Hurley and Hanna covered
as they went, and disappeared In the
darkness.
The Hobbers, a Tall and a Short Man,
Overlook Lone Customer and
Decline to Take
Jewelry.
J. T. Hurley, the Proprietor
of a Grocery and Bar,
Loses $165.
Hayes and Webstei
Streets Scene of
Bold Robbery.
MASKED MEN
MAKE CLEANUP
IN A SALOON
Jimerica Will Protect Panama
From an Attack by Colombia
Continued From Page 1, Column 7.
THE SAN TBAKCJSCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 1 6. 1903.
¦WASHINGTON. Nov. 6.— Th- President has
accepted the tpslcnntion of O. P. Shiras. Judge
of the Federal Court of the northern district of
Iowa, to take effect on November 1.
However, the Senate Finance Committee
will meet to-morrow and some definite
programme may be formulated.
The special committee appointed by the
Senate at the last session to prepare a
financial bill to be submitted for consid
eration of the fifty-eighth session of Con
gress has not prepared a draft of Its ideas
and Senator Allison said to-nijrht that
he did not look for much financial legis
lation.
Senators Allison, Aldrich, SDooner and
Platt of Connecticut arrived in Washing
ton to-night and immediately went Into
conference In Senator Allison's apart
ments at the Arlington Hotel. At the
conclusion Senator Allison said he be
lieved the Cuban treaty would be made
operative by joint resolution. He cited
the method adopted by Congress In rela
tion to the Mexican treaty as a precedent.
FINANCIAL LEGISLATION.
This afternoon Representatives Payne,
Hemingway, Deselle, Tawney and Mann
conferred with Cannon on the form of
the proposed Cuban legislation. Later
Cannon said the question would be de
termined by the Ways and Means Com
mlttf ?. Payne, who Is to be chairman of
that" committee, said he could make no
definite statement about the form of the
legislation until he had consulted all the
members of the committee, but it was
his opinion that the measure, in form,
would be a bill rather than a resolution,
as he did not see how the House could
do otherwise.
The Finance Committee, which will meet
to-morrow, will take up the subject of
the form of legislation necessary to carry
the treaty Into effect. Generally the Sen
ators believe that a simple resolution of
approval will be all that Is necessary,
but some Senators, notably Teller of Colo
rado, believe that If approval is attempted
in any such form it will raise a constitu
tional auestion which will cause a long
debate" in the Senate. Teller expects that
the whole tariff question will be opened
for discussion by the Cuban measure and
that It will be well into the regular ses-
Slon before action in the matter Is taken
by the Senate.
HOTJSE MEMBERS CONFER.
Tawney contends that to approve the
treaty by a simple resolution would be
void and asserts that the sugar provision
of the treaty is nothing more than a
pledge of the good faith of the Govern
ment that the duties on sugar shall not
be changed during the life of the treaty.
Any tariff bill, he contends, can abrogate
this provision of the treaty or the treaty
itself.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 6.— There were
some Interesting developments to-day as
to the method of Congressional procedure
on the Cuban reciprocity treaty. That
treaty was amended by the Senate adding
the words "this treaty shall not take
effect until the same shall have been ap
proved by the Congress."
It has been generally supposed that a
joint resolution or a bill approving the
treaty would be all that was necessary,
but members of the House and some Sen
ators take an entirely different view.
They say that a bill must be Dassed re
ducing the duty on the products of Cuba
and that every provisipn affecting duties
must be enacted into legislation.
Representative Tawney of Minnesota,
who was leader of the Republican minor
ity that opposed the reciprocity bill In
the last Congress, said to-day that the
provision requiring Congressional ap
proval, when inserted In the treaty, was
known by him to be defective and open
to objections. The treaty of 1S34 with
Great Britain for reciprocity with Canada
and the treaty of 1S7S with Hawaii, he
added, both contained a provision at the
very beginning stating that when suitable
legislation was enacted by Congress to
carry out the provisions of the treaties
the President should Issue a proclamation
announcing the fact and the treaty there
upon should become effective. Both of
these treaties were followed by legislation
in the form of a bill reciting the articles
that were .to be admitted duty free.
COULD ABROGATE TREATY.
Entire Tariff Question Will Be
Reopened in the Extraordi
nary Session of
Congress.
Simple Resolution Is Not Suf
ficient to Make It
Effective.
Method of Procedure on
Cuban Treaty a
Problem.
RECIPROCITY
ADVOCATES
IN TROUBLE
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Nov. 5.-Com
plete returns of the vote cast on Tuesday
for State Treasurer rive Mathues (R.)
r.13.782. Hill <D.) 22S.G11: Mathues' plurality,
2S5.151. For Auditor General. Snyder (R,)
500,411, Dewalt (D.) 236,505; Snydcr's plu
rality, 263,906.
Republicans Win by Big Pluralities.
. BALTIMORE, Nov. 5.— The returns
from the wards of Baltimore City and the
Maryland counties are now substantially
complete and fhow a plurality of 12,375
for Edwin War field. Democratic candidate
.for Governor. The returns also show
that the Democrats will have a two
thir<te majority In each branch of the
next Legislature and a majority of forty
nine on Joint ballot.
Maryland Returns Are Completed.
NEW* YORK, Nov. 5.— The most inter
esting political gopsip to-day was that
Colonel McClellan was considering the
appointing of General Nelson A. Miles
as Police Commissioner. General Miles
recently retired as lieutenant general of
the United States army. Some Democrats
have talked of alleged snubs received by
him from the administration. It was
said that it would be good politics to
,make him Police Commissioner, as he is
a. regular army man, a Democrat, inde
pendent and of high merit.
It is said that Miles now makes his
home here. This could not be confirmed,
but General Miles' was one of the first to
send McClellan a telegram of congratula
tion.
Special Diei>atch to The Call.
New York's Mayor-Elect
Is Considering His
Appointment.
MILES MAY RULE
GOTHAM'S POLICE
LONDON. Nov. 6.— The estate of Sir Michael
Herbert, late Embassador to the United States
was sworn to to-day by his widow at J39.690. '
To Cure a Cold in One Day
T«ke laxative liromo Quinine Tablet*. All
"iruesliU refund the money if It fail* to cure.
S. W. Grove's signature _ on eaca box. 290. •
We have all the new pictures and
frames for the ooming: holiday trade now
on exhibition and sale. Inspection de
sired. Sanborn, Vail. & Co.,' 741 Market
street. ¦ ¦ *
WASHINGTON. Nov. S^Postmastera
commissioned: Oregon— Britt Aspinwal,
Brooks; William Lloyd Smith, Kihgsley-
Albert HafTenden, Woodstock. Rural free
delivery will be established December 1
at Oxnard, Ventura County, California
Changes in the Postal Service.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 5.— Dr. C. H.
Blemer, State veterinary surgeon, return
ed to-day from El Dorado County, where
he went to Inspect several bands of cattle
which were sick. Dr. Blemer Raid the
cattle seemed to be suffering from some
kind of poison. There had not been many
deaths among the herds. It is believed
the cattle were made sick by some pois
onous weed.
Cattle Eat Poisonous "Weed.
not the turbulent internal affairs of Colombia shall be allowed to
interfere with the building of the Panama canal, which will mark
an epoch in commercial history and change the commercial map
of the world. Should the situation created by the revolution give
promise of permanence by the time Congress meets in extra ses
sion next week, the President will call its attention to the con-,
ditions there prevailing and ask for action as to the recognition
of the new State.
"It is not deemed likely, however, that the revolutionary
government, which is accorded practical recognition as 'de facto'
by the Washington Government now, will have by that time those
elements of stability required for recognition as a power.
"In his communication to Congress, which will, of course, be
preceded by a preliminary conference with Senate and House
leaders, the President also will throw back upon Congress the
decision as to the route for an interoceanic canal. Should' he'
be directed by Congress to turn to the Nicaragua route there
would, of course, no longer be reason for thought of the con
struction of the Panama canal by force."
Such is the administration position, as outlined in no weak
language by two high administration officials to-day. The dip
. lomatic representatives of nearly all European and several South
American countries, including Dr. Herran, the Colombian Charge
called upon Secretary Hay this morning, and, with the exception
of the latter, it was said at the State Department most of them
expressed the belief that the tendency on the part of the United
States to recognize the new republic met with general approval
It was after these diplomats had left that the first frank state
ment of the intention of the United States .was forthcoming.
American commanders and Consuls are instructed to keep the'
revolutionists and Government troops apart and to use good of
fices to restore peace.
One important possibility is that the Colombian Government,
frightened by the prospects of the successful secession by Pan
ama, will offer to reopen the canal negotiations on a reasonable
basis.
The formal notification of the establishment of the republic
of Panama, received by Secretary Hay to-day, is signed by Fred
erico Boyd, Tomas Arias and Jose Augustine Aningo, executive
committee- of the provisional government of the new republic
They invite Secretary Hay's attention to the fact that in re
sponse to a spontaneous and universal sentiment a provisional
government was organized and proclaimed on. November 3, with
themselves as .the executive committee, and that they have a mil
itary force to maintain the government. They do not ask for rec
ognition. They will do this later. The State Department has
not yet answered this letter of notification. In what manner it will
.do so- is not decided. The revolutionary government receives in
formal recognition, however, from the American naval command
ers and Consuls. ; ,'r,
The Dixie, with 325 marines aboard, is expected to arrive at
Colon to-night and the Atlanta probably will reach there some
time to-morrow, when the Boston also is expected at Panama.
If necessary, the forces on the isthmus wilt be augmented next
week by a contingent of 300 marines from the League Island
navy-yard, Philadelphia.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 5.— State Con
troller Colgan to-day sent a letter to Gov
ernor ] Pardee; informing him that tho
general fund of the State was exhausted
and suggesting to him that he make an
orjler transferring enough money from
special funds to carry on the State gov
ernment until the new taxes come in at
the first . of the year.
-The Governor made an order trans
ferring $447,000. i A transfer of $021,000 was
made on. the first of last July. The claim
Is made that the transfers are necessary
because of the fact of the Insufficiency
of the. tax levy made by Governor Gace.
Governor Pardee Arranges to Re
plenish the Empty Coffers of
the Controller.
MONEY IS TBANSFEBBED
FOB STATE GOVEBNMENT
LONDON, Nov. 5.— The British officials'
attitude toward the events at Panama is
that it is entirely the United States' af
fair. This, with the consequent compara
tive apathy, appears to be shared in all
diplomatic quarters In London. Except in
the unlikely possibility of • some outside
interference no action Is contemplated by
the British. Upon request of the. British
diplomatic or consular representative in
the disturbed region , a war vessel would
be sent to protect the rights of subjects
of Great Britain, but such a request
•would not be encouraged, ' as Downing
street Is of the opinion that the force the
United States " is sending to the isthmus
is more than sufficient to maintain the
safety of the foreign residents.
The question of the recognition of Pan
ama's independence entirely depends upca
Great Britain Will Acqitf esce in This
Nation's Course.
AMERICA HAS FBEE HAND.
The action now begun is a suit to
"clear property". and to compel Mrs. Duke
to sign certain deeds to property, or to
get the courts. to declare that she has no
•interest in the property owned by Duke. .
Mrs. Duke left Durham two years ago
and has sinoe been living: in California
and other places. Recently Duke desired
to sell certain property and it is said
Mrs. Duke refused to sign the deeds.
The Dukes are perhaps the most promi
nent people in the State, Duke being a
brother of TkVllUam Duke, known as
"Buck" Duke, . who is the leading pro
moter of the American Tobacco Com
pany. The case is attracting a great deal
of attention.
Duke has already instituted suit
against Mrs. Minnie \V. Duke and sum
mons has been issued, but has been re
turned by the Sheriff with Indorsement
that Mrs. Duke cannot be found In the
State.
CHARLOTTE, N. C, Nov. 5.— A legal
proceeding has been instituted at Dur
ham which may result in divorce proceed
ings by B. L. Duke of the American To
bacco Company. Duke is one of the most
prominent capitalists in the State and Is
a leading member of the Methodist
church. Mrs. Duke has been in California
for some time.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Begins Proceedings to
Have Their Property
Rights Defined.
TOBACCO KING
SUES HIS WIFE
VICTORIA, B. C, Nov. 5. — H. M. S.
Shearwater, now cruising south and
about due at Monterey, is reported to
have been . ordered to Panama.
Britain Sends a Warship.
PANAMA, Nov. 5. — The revolutionary
junta last night issued- a manifesto ad
dresed to the citizens of .the republic
of Panama, saying that the inhabitants
of the isthmus had done what was inevit
able In view of a situation which was be
coming graver dally. It was pointed out
that, notwithstanding the grievances in
flicted on the isthmus by* their Colom
bian brothers, the former had suffered
with resignation for the sake of harmony;
and the union. Under the late system of
Colombian government the Inhabitants
of the isthmus had been governed with
the narrow-mindedness ' which in days
gone by had been applied to American
colonies by the powers of Europe.
The manifesto then refers to the fact
that the isthmus of Panama paid Co
! lombia large sums in customs duties, add
ing that while the junta did not wish in
this exposition of facts, which .would be
handed down to posterity, to be regarded
as being moved toy a mercenary spirit,
nevertheless it was but just to point out
that in spite of the large sums of money
collected from the isthmus for fiscal pur
poses the latter had not received the^ben
eflt of even a bridge over any of its
rivers; the construction of a single road
between any of the towns of the Isthmus;
'the erection of any public buildings; the
establishment of a Single college, or any
Other step tending to advance the indus
tries or intellectual development of
Panama, as not even the most infinitesi
mal part of the large sums collected had
been applied toward benefiting Panama In
any shape or form.
The failure of the Hay-Herran canal
treaty to meet with the approval of the
Congress at Bogota Is then touched upon.
It is pointed out that only a few public
men were opposed to the treaty, and that
their opposition was due to the fact that
it was alleged that Panama would be the
only part of the country which wclild re
ceive direct .benefits from the building ot
an interoceanic canal. The manifesto
then continued:
"The people of- the isthmus, in view of
this notorious situation, have decided to
recover their sovereignty in order to work
out their own destiny and to insure the
future of Panama in a manner in keep-
Ing with the evident destiny of the coun
try, Its vast • territory and immense
riches."
Presentation of Panama's Wrongs
Under Colombian Rule.
JUNTA ISSUES MANIFESTO.
ASHEVILLE, N. C. Nov. 5.— Hon. H.
A. Gudger, Consul General to Panama,
who has been spending the summer and
fall months at his home in Asheville, left
to-day for New York, where he will
board a steamship for Panama.
Gudger Returning to His Post.
Doubt Sincerity of America.
. CITY OF MEXICO, Nov. 5.— There Is
great public interest here in the Panama
revolution, and the undercurrent of talk
in Clerical party circles, where Colombia
is regarded as in sympathy with the
Clerical party programme, is that the
American authorities are the secret pro
moters df this disturbance and are plan
ning to seize the Panama region and an
nex it to the United States.
It is officially stated here that the only
desire of Germany is to see peace pre-
Berved and to have the United States
build the interoceanic canal, which
would benefit German commerce. Ger
many looks to the United States to pro
tect the Germans on the isthmus.
The theory as to the cause of the revo
lution which is currently accepted here is
that the United States brought it about
with the object of building the inter
oceanic canal.
What role the Washington Government played
in the incidents in Colombia nobody can know.
Nothing can be proved in such cases. It has
been formally denied from Washington that the
Government of the United States supported the
movement for the separation of the isthmus.
However that may be, it is not striking, nor
does it give occasion for special excitement,
that a great, mighty state will not permit
Itself to be thwarted in its civilizing work
through the Etubbornness of a land three
fourths barbarous.
BERLIN, Nov. 5. — Responsible opinion
In Germany regarding Panama Is plainly
expressed as well in the following, in the
Frankfurter Zeitung, as in any news
paper:
Berlin Government, However, Will
Follow United States' Lead.
GERMANY SUSPECTS AMERICA.
If the United States will keep her hands off,
Colombia, will have no difficulty In suppressing
the insurrection and maintaining: her sover
eignty over the Isthmus. I can understand
why various interests are anxious for the In
dependence of Panama, but the Government
has regular troops at Colon and they will vin
dicate her authority if the United States does
not place any obstacles in the way.
Senator Pasado, the Colombian Consul
here, said to-day that the conditions at
Panama gave France no right to inter
vene. He added:
The feeling Is growing In French offi
cial quarters that the revolution at
Panama is likely to result beneficially for
the canal. It is pointed out that while
Colombia obstructed the treaty the
shares of the French canal company de
nreclated, but they went up yesterday on
the prospect of the revolution terminating
the obstruction.
The Consular advices allege that the
American naval forces and the railway
company officials have "given some as
sistance to the revolutionary element at
Colon."
PARIS, Nov. 5.— The French Consul at
Panama has cabled a request for in
structions in view of the revolution, and
Foreign Minister Delcasse Is considering
the question. It is expected that in
structions will be formulated and
soon, showing the attitude of the French
Government. There is a- strong Indica
tion that its attitude will not be materi
ally different from that of the United
States and it probably will take the same
general lines.
French Consul in Panama Makes
This Allegation. .
SAYS AMERICA AIDS REBELS.
Either In his message on Monday or in a
special communication, the President will
call the attention of Congress to the
newly created conditions on the isthmus.
If the administration has its way the ne
gotiation of a canal treaty will follow im
mediately. Although the Washington
Government has been aware for three
days that the revolution would succeed,
it has not yet been decided who shall
represent the United States at the capital
of the republic.
The cruiser Baltimore, which should
now bo at Puerto Plata, will be given'or
ders at once to proceed to Colon, thus
making a total of eight ships ordered
there.
"The war is over" Is the way an official
put it at the conclusion of the conference
to-night. Advices received from Europe,
stating that European Governments gen
erally approved this Government's policy
on the isthmus, were gratifying to the ad
ministration o£flcldts}\ — * "¦*¦ r '
Full recognition will hot be extended
until a permanent Government has been
established, but practical recognition has
already been accorded the republic by
Commander John Hubbard, who exercised
his offices in bringing about the agree
ment with General Tovar.
The President and all those in the con
ference to-day expressed satisfaction with
the manifesto issued by the revolution
ists.
The President to-night received news
that General Tovar and all of the Colom
bian Government troops in Panama had
evacuated the isthmus, leaving the revo
lutionist provisional government of the
new "Republic of Panama" in undisputed
control and apparently headed straight
toward the establishment of a stable
Government which will be willing to let
the United States build the Panama
Canal for a reasonable figure. The Presi
dent immediately held a conference with
Secretary Hay and Assistant Secretary
Loomis, Secretary of the Navy Moody,
Rear Admiral Taylor, chief of the Bureau
of Navigation, and Rear Admiral Walker,
chairman of the Isthmian Canal Com
mission. No official statement was made,
but it was learned that the administra
tion regards the provisional government
as stable.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 5— The President
probably will make a statement to-mor
row regarding the provisional government
of Panama, of the establishment of which
this Government was officially informed
to-day. In view of the latest advices
from Colon, to the effect that the Junta
has succeeded in gaining control of the
situation, it is expected that this an
nouncement will recognize the newly es
tablished Government.
Washington Government to Make
Announcement To-Day.
WILL RECOGNIZE REPUBLIC.
General H. O. Jeffries, a graduate of
West Point; has been appointed com
mander of the Pacific flotilla by the Pro
visional Government. Catlos Constantino
Arosmpna has been made Assistant Sec
retary of Foreign Relations.
As soon as the Colombian troops leave
Colon the trodps of the new republic will
be sent thither.
The Provisional Government has al
ready organized the military, to be com
manded by General Domingo Diaz. All
of the soldiers forming the division
fought with the Government or Liberal
army during the last revolution. They
are, therefore, already trained and ac
customed to military discipline. .
The revolution has been practically
bloodless, as only two Chinese were killed'
during the bombardment of the city by
the Government gunboat Bogota. The
flre of the warship unroored one house,
a shell hit the tower of the Cathedral
and another fell on the house ef Freder
ico Boyd, a member of the revolutionary
Junta.
The foreign consuls promptly sent an
ultimatum to the commander of the Bo
gota, protesting against his action In
opening flre on the city without giving
proper notification of his intention to
do so.
tionary movement and almost every mo
ment telegrams are received from the
most important men in the interior an
nouncing their adhesion to the new repub
lic.
the action of the United States. If "Wash
ington communicates to the powers that
it Intends to' recognize the independence
of Panama It is not likely that there will
be the slightest objection on the part of
Great Britain, while according to the
views of the diplomats here the other
Kuropeiyi powers probably will quickly
follow suit. There has long been a strong
feeling m British official circles that it
would be an excellent arrangement if the
United States would undertake the pres
ervation of good order and the stability
of all the Central American states. This
feeling is well known to the American
diplomats in England.
On all sides the United- States' para
mount Interests and right to deal with the
situation single-handed ane frankly recog
nized by the foreign diplomats.
Continued From Pag© 1, Columns 5 and 6.
2
DR. XTLIIER'S SWAMP-ROOT. " . ' ~'_ j/'__
Women as Well as iVIen Have Kidney Trouble and Never Suspect It.
WOMEN" suffer untold miserv because the nature t>f their disease is not always correctly understood: in many cases
when doctoring they arc led to believe that womb trouble or female weakness of some sort is responsible for their ills,
when in fact disordered kidneys are the chief cause of their distressing troubles. Perhaps you suffer almost con-.
tinually with pain in the back, bearing down feelings, headache and utter exhaustion.
II YOUR poor health makes vou nervous, irritable and at times despondent:
DIDN'T KNOW I HAD KiDKEY TROUBLE I but thousands of just such suffering or broken-down women are being re-
1 stored to health and strength everv day by the use of that wonderful discovery.
I had tried *o many rem«5f« without their Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, the great kidney, liver, and bladder remedy,
having bunted me that I was about discour- ¦ , on l y d oeS Swamp-Root bring
I TO-DAY I AM IN SPLENDID HEALTH | new life and activity to the kidneys, the
Syr^ cause* of the trouble, but bv treating
y^r *' — 7V\ About 18 months a<?o I had a' very severe at- , , . . • -. __—,1 »„„;„
- /S " : " e5&3*?x -Vv tack of grip, i was extremely sick for three the kidneys it acts as a general tonic
// lr^~*aBfreL/^Vi * eek8> and when 1 fina " y was aWe to ' eave m> ' and food for the ent '" re constitution -
Ik^^PI /^^^%\ [SWAMP-ROOT A BLESSING TO WOMEN]
I'^X" %Hle"f J Ss_^ -Vlii__^ :: 4 J: A\ //>"" \\ Mv kidney* nn<i bladder Rave me Kreat trou-
I :¦::¦ '¦¦¦¦¦¦ "^ ; / i. ¦ -:: : ' &&$ '*\ //^'^^r^^-WS^^&L-\\ ble for ovfir two nl0nth » and 1 suffered untoM
aeed, but :r n few day* affr taking your won- V^^^^^on-^Vv^^^M -
derful Ewamjt-Root 1 began to feel !'t-t'..-r. *v •¦< ' "^^VX'j^^X ,- / jfr\. \ \^^v^&^_s5sj_t2^^£j88r*''li ' *
I was out of health and run down fren*rally; \ V * "\ AWS. H W WHEEL ER I if 7 \ W\ iz^tk&&$fs£&^/l^M®®®J I
!:>• • appetite, was dizzy and suffered with ' ' \ ¦<-•"¦<¦ irnLC^cn. }JJ f \ wi^|§«rtRiF3P^ J*M/ 1
headaeh. most of tho time. I did not know that _ , . \^^^^^&t^k^ki^&i/6^J^// '
my kidneys wore the cause of my trouble, -but bed x Tra!l lp?t '*" Ith evruc-i.itir.Er rams In my \>fe^"@S^%^^ ! rr!^^'i_W /
P metiow felt they might I*, mi' I b'tran tak- t-ac-k. which convinced me that I had a severe \\Vv«\W5K3>t^?'V *5 rJcvX /
ir.£ Swamp-Root, us above stated There Is kidney trouble. My physical condition wrvs \VV\\\\^^'^' 4 isls^sy/
Fuch ;. nleapant taste to Swamp-Root aid it FUch that T !iaii n '" 1 5tren Pth an.) was all run \w\m\VlWM//
poes rlpht to the ppot and drives disease out of dovrn. My sitter, Mrs. C. E. Littlefield. of Lynn V^W\\\TA\^\Vx
the eystem. It has cured roe and I cheerfully adv | s <*l ~e to Klve Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root a XSAV>\"a.%\\5>V^ -
recommend It to all puffer*™. Gratefully youre, * rtal - x Procured a bottle and Inside of three <V€t — v7£^ r- a ti ot< iCi — XM7
MRS A L WALKER, days ccm ™ e nce& to get relief. I followed up Vk« MRS. E. AUSTIN. \J f /
46 Trest LindVn 'st..' Atlanta Ga. that bottle with another and at the completion H/* 1 " t -^'
| of this one I fcund t was completely cured.
_.,_ ., , , ' M V- strength returned and to-day I am as well misery I became weak, emaciated and very
THE mild and extraordinary effect of SM^Sili^fStaS^i ? a am much run down - l had Ereat dlfflcult y ln re "
the world-famous . kidm* and bladder t? use much *£££ & L V«U Tround My talning my urine, and was obliged to pass wa-
remedv Swamo-Root is sonn reMn-A cure ls therefor e all the more remarkable and ter very often night and day. After I had used
., ¦' -»_^_^____T; . reallze .a- is exceedingly gratifying to me. Sincerely a sample bottle of Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root,
it Stands the highest for Its wonderful yours, MRS. H. N. WHEELER. Eent me on my request. I experienced relief,
cures of the most distressing cases A 29 Prospect »t.. Lynn, Mass. and j immediately bought of my druggist two
SSSfgJ VO ' U P a> ' a S ff am ? e bOU1^ SCnt frCC bV maiL I"" P^S
In taking Dr. Kilmer s Swamp-Root you afford natural help to Nature. entirely, i can now stand on mv feet ail day
tor bwamp-Koot is the most perfect healer and gentle aid to the kidneys that without any bad symptoms whatever. Swamp-
has ever been discovered. Don't make any • mistake, but remember the name Root has proved a blessing to me. Gratefully
Swamp-Root, Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, and the address, BinRhamton, N. Y ' JourB - , foa „ . T tq~txi '¦
on every bottle. , 19 Xassau^fErockiy^Y.
To Prove What SWAMP-ROOT, the Great Kidney, Liver and Bladder Remedy, Will do for YOU,
Every Reader of The Call May Have a Sample Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
EDITORIAL NOTICE— No matter how many doctors you have tried— no matter how much money vou may
nave spent on other medicines, vou really owe it to yourself, and to vour family, to at least give Swamp-Root a trial
its stauncnest mends to-dav are those who had almost given up hope of ever becoming well again. You may have
a sample bottle of this wonderful discovery, Swamp- Root, sent absolutely free by mail, also a book telling all about
Mvamp-Koot, and containing many of the thousands upon thousands of testimonial letters received from men and
women who owe their good health, in fact their very lives, to its wonderful curative properties. In writing to Dr
Kilmer & Co., Bingamton. N. Y.. be sure to say that you read this generous offer in the San Francisco Dailv Calf
If you are already convinced that Swamp-Root is what you need, you can purchase the regular fifty-cent and one-
coilar size bottles at the drug stores everywhere.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Chas. Keilus & Co.
Exclusive
High-Grade Clothiers
No Br&ncb Store*. No Asenta.
We Are the Only
Exclusive Clothiers
for Men in San Francisco
Showing Styles, Fabrics
Out of the Ordinary.
See an Advantage in
This Fact, Don't You?
0 11 V* ®
K e a r n y Str e.et
Thurlow Block
__^
m STOCK EXCHANQE^^^^^t f V| I 11
W4 Mimtcr cf the Xe-w York St<xh |9 Kp&J !__! \ Sail JB\/
lf|| Mr. Stedman, the well-known banker- fMKfcfil -*» volume *V
|£v| foetf tells the story of the daily life on the LW j of
Wgl floor, with all its tragedy and its humor, ~~J&§2 J TA * Century ~V
||| in a richly illustrated article which is the tf^/jA J* a__»fn«r. *<-»
m NOVEMBER H * 4 «»— & >
HII l^V/ W .£_•_ M.IL9 JL_/JL^. E^ The Century SElVy
tm -T* "IT "W *P ¥ T T* "V H Co - 1 J^_»
Jill V-> J-*» m JL \J JEX. I. I| Vr.lonJq. % % £\SNo charge for lettering your name In
gold on pocketbooks, card and letter
cases, cameras, traveling sets, trunks,
valises, , dress suit cases and , other fine
leather goods purchased at our store.
Sanborn. . Vail & C<k«7U Market st. •
G. Hummell, SO Third street, was dis
covered in his. room In an unconscious
condition early yesterday morning suffer
ing from the effects of gas fumes escap
ing from an open Jet in the room. He
was restored to consciousness at the
Emergency Hospital. Hummell says he
forgot to turn off the gas before retiring.
Overcome by Gas.
The ladies of the Congregation Emanu-
El Church met yesterday afternoon to
hear an interesting lecture on the history
of the Jews. The meeting was arranged
by the committee on religion.
Professor Max Mareolls of the Univer
sity of California delivered the lecture
and received a vote of thanks from the
ladles present.
Mr. Davis, who has a fine barytone
voice, sang two selections from Shubert.
Lectnres on Beligion.
Ia Mel. a merchant of Livermore, is at
the Russ.
N. de Yoe, a merchant of Modesto, Is
at the Lick.
J. Pounstone. a fruit grower of Grimes,
is at the Grand.
Herman Grau, a brewer of Sacramento,
is at the Grand.
Dr. H. L. Pace and daughter ef Tu
lare are at the Palace.
James M. Lesxynsky, a mining Tr»^n of
Denver, is at the Palace.
A. H. Taylor, a mining man of Susan
ville, is registered at the Russ.
Lieutenant Commander Hughes, U. 8.
N., and wife are at the California.
H. Mallocb, manager of the woolen
mills at : MarysvlHe, is at the Grand.
Captain John Cross, a railroad promoter
of Los Angeles, is registered at the Pal
ace.
J. M. Walthall of Modesto, District At
torney of Stanislaus County, is at the
Lick. j&gm
George W. Reynolds, manager : of the
Hotel del Monte, and Mrs. Reynolds are
at the Palace.
H. C. Bowers, proprietor of the Hotel
Portland, and his wife are at the Palace.
They leave to-night for New, York City/
A. J. Bradish, ;--a member of the dctec-
PEBSOSTAI. MENTI018*.
daughter. Mrs. Charles J. Deering. Mrs.
Estee will take uj> her residence In San
Francisco.
The honorary palltearers were Alvinza
Hayward. Judge E. H. Heacock, P. B.
Cornwall. James B. Steteon, Charles A.
Shurtleff, W. S. Wood, Senator George C.
Perkins, Dr. "William Clunesa. Judge W.
V.'. Morrow of the United States Cir
cuit Court: Judge John J. de Haven
of the United States District Court:
Judge Hawley, * United States Circuit
Judge of Nevada; Judge Gilbert, United
States Circuit Judge of Oregon; Judge
Ross, United States Circuit Judge of Los
Angeles; Judge William H. Beatty. Chief
Justice of the State Supreme Court; Jus
tice Thomas B. McFarland; Judge- Mu
resfcy. Presiding Judjsre of the Superior
Court; J; H. ICeff, L J. Truraan. ex-Gov
emor T. N. Maccln, Past Grand Master
Judge W. S. Wells, Past Grand Master
ter E. C. Atkinson and Past Grand Mas
ter J. B. Stephens.
At the conclusion of the services the
remains were borne to the Odd Fellows'
Cemetery, where they were cremated, and
the ashes will be placed beside those of
Judge E? tee's daughter, who died some
years ago. ,
Jodgo - Esteo leaves -a -wife and -one
Honored citizen, faithful frlecd and public
servant, devoted husband and father, all hail,
and farewell. ¦
EOXORAEY PAIi BEAEEKS.
family, of whatever rank or station. «"<1 ire
bow la humble submission to. the will of our
Creator, who determines for us all th« limit
and sl*n of our abidlas: here.
He was a man of eteriine lateerity. and
It: two great poiitlcsJ campairrs. Then he was
tfc* standard-bearer cf his party for the chief
office So the SUate. net one ward was rpokea
in disptracement of his personal character.
Thl» 1« certainly a rreat reenrd for ajiy ?-!«•>
ta leave, tnr himself, fcr fcis State and for
ks* couctry.
Jcdre E*tiN» leaves a wife and a danrhter.
fcr trhcai we express fxxt profoand ryiapathy.
It Is hard tn r*rt with those we !o»e, bet this
<>ftr:i;r» i« t 1 -. <".**ti?fr rtf th» w*ol* hnrran
Whea Hawaii became a part cj the ter
ritory of the United State* President McKln-
J«y appointed ilr. Estee the £r»» District Jud«
la Kawail. a rery Impcrtant ani respocs"-'*
potftlca la the tranaitloa pexisd froa
t.z asdeseadent reyetils to a membership 'a
the tTaited States. And I 13 »tle to say
that durin» the three years he has caed that
cf£ce he performed »plendid ae-vi'-e
*na tad be lived I aa gar* he would havi
svdded additional hocor to cur Federal »/«—'-.-
Istraticr. of the eTaln cf that Terriiory
Mr. Estee' s re**xd for his fellow ir^-i B3l m 9
tisa a cocsDlccous eesbtr of two ere*: fra
ternal orders. ta« Odd Fellows and the Mascns
In the former h« was a member of Apijllo
Lodye. eervlnj; as noble rrand and aa a rep
resentative to tiie- Grand Lodre of the State
and from the Grand Lodsre he was »ent as a
representative to the Sorereira Graad Ixxlre
ef the World. Ia tae Jlasonlc fraternity he
was riven many positions of honor, ajaonj
ethers that of «rand master la this State
Ia this of2c* tls record is cae cf broad,
renerou* hurra rity and cradoas, kiadly friend
shty.
Judre Bate* w»s eiainectly a raaa of the
p«»srj»ie. interested In their affairs and con
cerned fsr tte-ir welfare. Ki» acquaintance
wtth the people was large. »sd it is significant
that he was lored best by those who ksew
Ma bert.
la isoti tt ca_=e h San Francisco and *n
*i»ed in ti* actrve c£ tis profession.
It* tar cf Saa Kranci«co was ties, d-stia-
CViihrd fcr the larg* number v.f atie men la
active rractice. ts.es. who carce frcss aii tarts
*f tie L"nicn to win fa~e and UM.UUM in this
new and pratms^ng country. c« »-ho wculd
ti\e been c^ring-uiihed in ary part cf this
«retr Ln^n. Ju^« F.e'.i enct e<tid that we
tad at zrj.1 tune tie at .-it bar t£ the L"cit»<l
'fc tatea. it was cc=:pcfe^d of such nn=n a« ilt-
Aliister. M ilscn, Ftltca, Hoje. Paters-^a.
•lia^ht. Tempie. Ear=*», Ca«»eriy. Eoait a-d
•jnacy ethers that BJgtt tt named. Those wtre
ftriiliant days in the .<*il prufession in Callfcr
:xta. »ten Jdr. E«t«e entered this list and te
jcasoe recoKHized a> one cf th* ieadmr =.ea. ia
.irgii and political affairs cf-the State.
He early prepared a ralnUbte worn en plead
ix* under the code emeni. which bt<-ame aa
«.cjcncwleds;ed authority ta a'.l the code Slates
He was eiected to the Aisenibly from Saa
•Francisco la lsT5 ani wa* ch;se 3 rpeaker of
lie U&cac. where he achiev-rd sttclai dl«
.tinction aa an able and ersciect aari^aier
tirian. la lS7b he wa» elects to ttTcS
saitutionai cca»-entioa that framed our irese^r
constitatica and participated in the pecpus?
tion of cose cf the nioet Important trov-.sior-i
cf that flnrymcat. la USS he was ejected as
•> deiecate to the National Republican Con
vention that met at Chicago and btcajne its
j«mianent chairman. In 1?3» s* was a^.
•pointed by the President a inernber cf the Pan-
American Congress, which aas«nii>led In Wua
l:.z::.. »rith .-:.- .- .-. -* from ail the. States <j*
the American continent. la thia fortress he
rendered especisJiy imptjrtant servieea la the
Interest ef m. better union of the states ud
tatlcns ca ttU westers cocUnent. Ht gai'ed
the cocideace ana respect cf all the meciters
cf that cenrrees. and part^alarly of i»-
ZUalne. who jjreailed over it.
C021Z3 TO SA3" TRA2SCISCO.
i2i?szssiVE inrsic.
The music, under the direction of Sam.
oel D. Mayer, ¦was superb and in keeping
trith the solemn ceremonies ci the occa
¦toa. The following hymns were sung:
•'Nearer, My God, to Thee," "Still, Still
With The*?," "Go to Thf Rest In Peace."
••Good-r-Ight, I Am Going Home" and
"Peace To the Memory cf the- Dead."
Just preceding the - commencement of
the service the orchestra played •'Flee as
e Bird to the Mountains." The prayer, by
Itafcbi Nieto, was an exquisite eSort and
A. masterpiece, cf rhetorical art.
United States Circuit Judge tr. W. Mor
row delivered the following eulogy:
We have ass*rit!M to pay tJie last ea»l trib
ute cf respect ta Um rs^m^ry of cne whose pub
lic career. *>=-.! T.f:it services a=-3 worth cf char
acter are kr.xr. to all: known, indeed, to th«
F**yz'.e of this and cf ill* Paclic Coast.
Ttit* larse a&£»rr.i..afs. or: a few hours' notice.
Indicates th* esif-n; ta which Judgv E»te« was
bc!£ by all of cur people. This to th^a is not
* formal cervTz^r.y prp«Ti£>*ii ty ritual, but
the expression e* Cte <iecp affection we have
for & s»i frtenj ani oa honest, upright man.
It ¦»:U cot b* irj- profile* to-4ay to attempt
to do Jurti'-e to th«r life and character cf Ju.i^-i
Estf?«. TTjer* *^il be appropriate occasion*
hereafter for others mere competent than tay
e«B to perform this public ac<J personal <iut"j.
Hut :n the pre»eiic» cf this lifeless ford, the
r-rr.s.:ns of cz* who left us only a few days ago
ia apparent health, we pause to give expres
*.en. however feeble !t rna.y be, to our Borrow
tnd l*r*aveniect. "We honored ar.d respected
him ;r: l.tn: we honor and respect his meincrjr
r.< -a- tiiat "th« #ilver ccrd is loused and the
pilfcl bowl i* broitea."
¦ - Erte* was born in 'Warr»a Ccasty.
:var:ia, November 23, 1S33. When but a
bis parent* moved to Erie County, in that
wfcer* h« passed hi* early youth. Hj
• was a <tra«r, and he had the expert- ,
vote* sad traJmnc aj a bey so intinjately con- '
¦ria eucceaaful efTort tn. thia country In
after life.
In 1SC3 t« cazne to California, arriving- here !
I y way cf Panama la the month cf September i
lie was !n the r=ine« for about two years. Cm i
Jn El Dcnuio Cc-csty and afterward in Assador '
He then studied law. first with Judjre Paulirs
U Volcano and later with Juire Clark and J j
H. Glass at Sacrasienta He was admitted to
DC omx cf the ccprerne Court in ISZS and soon !
attained prominenc* as a lawyer. He became '
tntere5t<»i in political matters ard was elected !
to the State Assembly In 1S<3 from Sacraraesto
Ccu=ty a=d 1= l^;* was elected District Atto-- '
rey fcr that county. Hjs sen-lees aa E-inrict
Attorney are epeken cf In the hirte« ter=s by i
•ill w*io knew cf his administration cf that c"- !
Sice.
Tie funeral cf the late Jaige Morris
ilxrci Estee cf the United States District
Court cZ Hawaii took plac© yesterday
ac.ii:j at the ilascr^c Temple. The full
tun*: service of tie 2£uc:^s Grand L«o<Jge
¦u-aa sclernrlj- celebrated. Seldom has a
r:cre Imposing tight been seen ta San
Fra^c^co. Abcut the fiower lidea casket
•srere grouped the relatives asd t=ine<!ia.te
Zrlerds cf ti.s family, while all the avail
able seating capacity of King £olonioa's
Ilan was £I!ed wtth er^lnent Jurists of the
Cailfcmia. bar, Juiges frcin the Fed
eral ar.d State courts, htfh oSeiaLs
cf the irunlclpallty and many representa
tive members from the commercial world.
There was a .great outpouring cf ilisons.
principally Members cf th* Golden Gate
tni Caiifo^iia. commanderies. Ail had
ccme to i^" reverence to the memory of
a r.i.n oifeoncr, to en able itirist, to one
who lav^ tis State and who give hia
whcle lii* to the furtherance of its inter
ests, to a llason wanting in the highest
ranks of that noble order, g-nd to & man
¦who was an Ifieal husband and father.
The esteem In which the deceased was
teld was shown, not enly by the. immense
gathering of notables, but also by the
display of er<ruisite fioral o^Terings, which
tad net only been sent frcm all yaxts of
this city, but h&d even ccme from far off
Honolulu.
The funeral •ervicea were cenducted by
Dr. Charles W. Nutting, the grand mas
ter cf California.
Judge Morrow Pays Tribute
ta Memory of the De
ceased Jnrist.
M. M. Estee Laid to
Rest With Impres
sive Ceremonies.
MASONS BURY
DEAD BROTHER
George Anderson, a rigger 40 years old.
was Instantly killed yesterday forenoon
while repairing a crane, in ,the Risdon
Iron 'Works. He was engaged with S.
Bigger Instantly Killed.
Those little jras heaters are very com
fortable to have these chilly momlags
and evenings; give heat Just where you
want it. The best can be had from San
Francisco Gas and Electric Company, CU
Post street. •
James McDermott, a boy residing at 357
Bryant street, fell from a Ninth street
car while stealing a ride yesterday after
noon and was severely cut about the face.
He was removed to the Emergency Hos
pital.
Boy Falls From Car.
Calif ornians in 2?ew York.
NEW, YORK, Nov. i.— The .following
Calif ornians are in New York: From San
Francisco— C. C. Bemls. at the Murray
Hill; Mrs. E. S. Boseily, at the Grand
Union; Mrs. L. Nelson, at the Marlbor
ough; J. W. Reid/ at the Gilsey: E. A.
Wettig, at the Murray Hill; J. Cuxtopossi,
at the Wellington; C- M. Howe, at the
Grand Union: J. E. Welde, at the Well
ington.;
From Los Angeles— G. Kale, at the Ca
dillac: Mrs. F. W. Flint, at the New
Amsterdam.
Teachers for Manila.
The "United States Civil Service . Com
mlssioa; announces ' that the examination
Cashier Thomas Burns of the United
States Sub-Treasury has returned from
Nome, where he had been ac tir.gr as a
witness in a forgery case. He had . pre
pared for a sojourn until spring, but is
new to be seen at the old haunts, and he
says it seems like bom« to be chasing
the old Washington-street horse cars.
Cashier Bums Betnrna.
Harrison and Fred Beck in repairing &
traveling- crane, and was standing on th»
rungs of a ladder when another traveling
crane swung around and ran over his
left arm. cutting it oC Anderson imme
diately fell a distance of thirty-five feet.
and was dead before he was picked u?.
Anderson . was a native c 1 Swedea ' and
unmarried.
for the position of teacher (male). Phil
ippine service, scheduled for November
IS, will be held on November 27. This ex
amination will be held on the date men
tioned at San Francisco. Marys ville,
Fresno and Los Angeles. An examina
tion was held in October to supply 130
teachers, but the requisite number of ell
giblea were not secured. Age limit. 20
years or over; but preference will be
given in certification to those who are
under 40 years of age. Persons who de
sire to compete should at once apply to
the Consolidated Board of Civil Service
Examiners, 301 Jackson street. - for appli
cation forms 2 and 373. which should be
properly executed and filed with the Civil
Service Commission, Washington, D. C.
Persona who are unable to file their for
mal applications and who notify the Civil
Service Commission. Washington. D. C-,
of this fact, either by letter or telegram,
-with the reauest that they be permitted
to take this examination will be examined
subject to the subsequent filing of their
applications, provided their requests are
received at the commission In sufficient
time to ship examination papers. "
Charles H. Junkins, Pacific Coast agent
of the El Paso and Northwestern sys
tem of the Rock Island- road, returned
yesterday- from Kansas City, where the
tragic agents of the company were in ses
sion last week.
Walter McCreery, the well known young
capitalist, and his wife and children, after
an absence In Europe for two years, ar
rived in this city last evening and are
registered at the Palace.
tire force of Los "Angeles, is a guest at
the Grand awaiting the departure of the
steamer for Honolulu, wbere he Is going
on a visit
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, KOVEMBER 6, 1903.
3
ABVEBTISEMEETS.
Better than money are Schil-
ling's Best
tea || --'-¦-£ ?r»i«r «p^ea
coffee ZM-T^ing cxlxactM soda
and moneyback — nobody takes
the money.
At your grocer'*
•; ' AD v is-ttx lSITM -b-N TS.
« ¦_.".- - . - - ¦ ' ' j ; __^_1 _ * ' '_ •¦•sWssWsl MB
If You Have a Son This Will Interest You!
Every mother is confronted with two perplexing questions. Her boy is hard on his clothes, 3 /^^^^^^&
and every dealer claims he has the best values for the least money and can save her money. f^^^^^^^m
Like" the other dealers we make the same claim. But, anyway our reasons are feasible : l WSafi\*^W
We make our bays' clothing in our own workshops and sell direct to the wearer- in our San '^111 -^T
Francisco and New York stores, and but one fair profit is made in the transaction. Through a big • *?'^Jk)
volume of business we reduce the cost of production and are enabled to sell at a close margin.
We thus save about a third in the making and selling of the clothes; the customer gets the benefit J^^^^W/^^^^,
Other dealers here in San Francisco buy either from a jobber or a manufacturer. These mid-
dlemen make a profit. On top of this comes the dealer's profit. You pay for these profits.
This is a fact, and those who put it to the test by buying here save fully a third on every pur-
chase. The harder a boy is on his clothes, the greater the reason why you should buy here. i^^^^^^m^^^^^
We are showing new lines of youths' suits for boys from 12 to 19 years of age which have
a style about them that is rarely found in ready-made clothes. The materials are heavy rough blue /i^^B^P^*^ n> 11111111
cheviots, stylish blue serges arid tall patterns in brown mixed i >*rf^"
tweeds. They have the broad shoulders and military fronts; they &mS& iRPSli
fit the form' perfectly. If you aje not a judge of clothing, JMi| l$$8Sg3 v&$%SB
onrs is a safe store" in which to select your son's fall suit, W$W§
for we give one of two things — satisfaction or money back. W^%y. 9Wm
The suits come in single and double breasted styles, and we will "1
repair, sponge and press the garments free of charge. They will be ; ==?ll
placed on sale Friday and Saturday for S7.S5. . i^^^^P?tifesfek i^jgljjmjijwgj"^ i^f^^
2 ;es -re ;rom 9 to 13 years. mB^^^i T^^^^^ff? M^TI (\ Wpf 00
We have long overcoats for mK^W^wWk l-^^^^S^ JdllUib, /
tfart ..,: i.u t__]_ :_ L.,i r i. ; -*'V. •'"'" '¦\»-^^- : --*' i^£-'" •;• ¦« fz&4&4Etj~>£2f sSwTiS&rfr^ ' hs irian o war iuii as pictured aoove is a
qp Vm Bsn Li «T?^n #^S S^^W^^Mg^l -£*Wm W&M sweI1 Iittie sai!or for bovs from 4 t0 I0 ve - rs oId -
:]rj|srsa, tmm » .Jm m ] lki£BHt%h%rJBx
S^V /r^f -^8 and with emblem of anchor and chevrons on the
t^y/jMsljlf v / All the noted designers in the land have striven
l?$$jEW \ sKtktrt frc-ut? / year after year to produce a suit that will beat the
!jA IP^iJiij * * ~ * K ~ Mothers are invited to call anci see the new blue
f: : .^- ::^2S*S^^I^^P |k | serge sailor we sell for $3.50 and compare it with
: P^^#F^>ftJk#^m Wi AttiArir'ifi Rnvc' T ilirarv what they see elsewhere.
tvr-^r5§^iSW:^^^pW j^ AWCllUUl DUJ^ LWiaiy This picture shows what a stylish suit it is.
j^-V:S :^t^'- r^:^i :^^y 48$ ISl Any boy who patronizes our Juvenile <ie- It is trimmed With neat TOWS of black', white Or
f- : >vVV:"-ri;*.3:>.-- \"--~ : ::-V^: : -::i-'Ss^ S^ a&£k ¦ partment is ehsible to membership in the , , . , , , -,, . , j . • , , T r
: W MM VvS&'iH American Boss' Library which we have in- red braid and has a silk lanyard ana wnistie. We
SH^S^ Mz& stalled on our second floor. He win be given have extra trousers to these suits, and as the bov
t-f ¦•'.-' : : -\^T'\ :;::•:•••- -•£•;;•'• :. v -^ PY&ES--i Tk^fflt'iv.' a card entitling: him to one volume at any ... v "^ Li . r . . .
W-'^^m :^^^^m. JjHff . *'**^ -"*" : time, and upon its return another book can Will Wear tWO paiTS Oi trOUSerS tO One DlOUSe, you
%M?MS W£~?WW^££iA mM^'^' , r .^^ be selected. can match the blouse in buying the second pair.
fH^l^^iilp . «^&^ sMdetfrwlift. Book Free to Boys The pants are $1.00 a pair.
mmm I Stylish Norfolk Suits, H 50 Dp I Flannel Blouses and Waists, 50c
e ° the most P°P^ Jar styles shown this year for boys We are going to place on sale a line of Boys' Flannel Blouses and
from 7 to J 3 y ears is the Norfolk suit as pictured above. The Shirt Waists for 50c. The colors are red. blue, brown and .gray, and the
WMMI&MS designs and colorings are by far the swellest we have seen. We have sizes ran £e from 4 to 13 years. We haven't all the colors in each size—
*e «*, » navy b.ue cheviots, dark natures and b. U e serges at $ 4 . 5 o, Zl^ T h < Lena's a,e
WssM m ° y CneVIOtS and mixed patterns at $5.00"; also in smooth strip- leather, velvet, dotfC corduroy and jersey.
BifflF ed worsteds » unfinished cheviots and handsome blue serges at $6.00, $6.50 $ 2QO Leggins reduced to. . ShoO * $1.25 Leggins reduced to. .$1.00
i^W \l|8s ' and $7-5°- These are swell suits and you should see them. $1.50 Leggins reduced to. .81.25 S1.00 Leggins reduced to 75c
Wa ¥&k Ma.ll Orders A ff • Boys' Golf Caps with snap visors, in blue and as-
H rrH QBlllllP iomers served by mail 9 f%3 # m W B B II If )&*% m S H Large Sailor Hats in all colors, $1.00 and 81.50.
1 >v 4^' as well as though they \jt«^r 8 yiL sbJr W Tarn O'Shanters in Scotch wool and cloth, 45c
||p|f. si.td*dtrmLif,. Address Dept N. _, H AC\ M Ir 4- Cf 4- Urge Corduroy Sailor Hats, $1.00.TUCSON, Ariz., Nov. 6. — President
Wheeler of the University of California
delivered an address before the Joint
Teachers' Institute of Southern Arizona
and students, of the University of
Arizona .to-day. His subject was "The
Teacher." President Wheeler will ad
dress the students and faculty of the
Normal School at Tempe Friday, from
which point he goes to Flagstaff, where
he "will speak before the Northern Nor
mal School of Arizona. ' ¦
Address by President Wheeler.
ASTORIA, Ore., 'Nov. 5.— As a result
of the late heavy 'rains a landslide has
occurred at Bugbys Point quarry, near
this. place, and the Astoria and Columbia
River Railroad track is covered with
several thousand tons of rock, with the
prospects that it will b'e still further
covered by the fall of a hanging moun
tain.' whfch is being loosened by an ex
ceptionally* heavy rainstorm. Owing to
the dangerous condition of the track,
travel will not be resumed over this por
tion of the road for several days.
Landslide Stops the Train.
OAKLAND, Nov. 5.— Street and Side
walk Inspector N. W. 'Denton has filed
claims aggregating $600 against .the Oak
land Gas Light and Heaf Company, the
Sunset' Telephone Company, the Oakland
Transit Consolidated and the Contra
Costa Water Company, ; John Geary and
Edward Mulvlhill for cost , of. repairs . to
streets torn up and not restored to proper
conditions. The expense will be prorated
amors r the corporations and individual?,
in accordance the provisions of the
law, by the Board of Public Works.
Forcing Proper Street Repairs.
The funeral of Donaldo Matteucd, who
was killed by the breaking of an emery
wheel in a machine shop in San Francis
co, was held to-day at 2 p. m. at Gler
Hall under the auspices of the local lodge
of the Ancient Order of Druids. The
Royal Italian band of San Francisco fur
nished the music. The interment was at
St. Mary's. Cemetery.
Jeremiah M. Naah, a native of Nova
Scotia, died to-day at his home, 846 Thir
ty-fifth street, at the age of 78. The de
ceased leaves three sons. William A..
James J. and Harry L. Nash. The fun
eral will be held Sunday afternoon from
the family residence.' Interment will be
ut Mountain View Cemetery.
OAKLAND, Nov. 5.— John R. . Garrett.
formerly senior partner of the firm of
Garrett & Taggart, who conducted a drug
business, in Oakland for many years,
died last night at his home in this city,
leaving a wife and two children, a son
and a daughter.
Mrs. H. A. Lory, of 559 Telegraph ave
nue died to-day at the East Bay Sanitar
ium. The deceased was a member of the
Jackson, Amador County, lodge of the
Order of the Eastern Star and of Oakland
Court No ; 6, Tribe of Ben Hur. She
leaves a husband and -two daughters,
Meba and Maude Lory.
John B. Garrett, Formerly a Well-
Known Druggist, Goes to His
Last Rest.
MANY PROMINENT PERSONS
PASS AWAY IN OAKLAND
Campbell then asked Wittman to < sign
a telegram to the Los Angeles authorities
requesting them to deliver up any corre
spondence In relation to the case, and
Wittman replied that he would gladly do
bo. The, case was then continued until
Monday afternoon next "at 2 o'clock.
.Chief Wittman stated positively that no
such correspondence Is . In existence i and
referred to tho oath he had taken In ref
erence to the matter at the first hearing.
Campbell insisted that the police authori
ties of Los Angeles had admitted that
such correspondence had passed' and gave
as'authority a man "who had once been
at the bead of the State." He said that
the Los Angeles people regarded it as
confidential .¦¦ and would not divulge it
without permission' from the San Fran
cisco department. ¦ Wittraan resented the
imputation, that he waa not telling the
truth and Campbell said that be had no
intention of conveying that impression,
as he had found the Chief always truth
ful. "Your remarks should be recalled.
Mr. Campbell," the Chief said. "I didn't
eay anything about y6ur reputation." as
serted Campbell. "Well, I'll leave it to
the shorthand reporter," answered the
between the- Chief of Police of this city
and the Chief of Los Angeles." > .
Solicitor General Finlay on behalf of
Great Britain criticized the speech of
Wayne MacVeagh. formerly senior counsel
for the United States, made before .the
arbitration tribunal in October last, espe
cially JtlacVeagh's complaint that Great
Britain had permitted a British warship
to assist General Matos, who Was leader
of the revolution against President Cas
tro.
THE HAGUE, Nov. 5.— The hearing of
the arguments In the Venezuelan arbi
tration before the international tribunal
was resumed to-day, ."--i^.
WAYNE MacVEAGH'S WORDS
OFFEND GREAT BRITAIN
Speech Before the Venezuelan Arbi
tration Commission Is
Criticized.
SPOKANE, Nov. 5. — James Hunter of
Portland, father of William Hunter of
Spokane, fell dead upon a street car at
the corner of Howard street and River
side avenue about 9 o'clock to-night.
With his wife, he was. returning from, a
dinner at the home of "his 'sister-in-law,
Mrs. Lucius Waste. Hunter was a port
ly man of fine appearance. He was 76
years of age: After leaving the house
for the car the couple hurried, and the
exertion is supposed to have brought on
palpitation of the heart, which, with in
digestion, probably was the cause of
death. He had dined heartily, notwith
standing he had been suffering with In
digestion for the past two years.
Falls Dead in a Street Car.
¦ John Galen Howard has been asked by the
executive committee of the Associated Stu
dents to draw plans for a new football field
and grand stand, to be built on the Hillegass
Tract,' which is comprehended 'in the Benard
plan* for, the - greater university. It will be
necessary | to make " this a football field in or
der. to conform to the understanding- recently
reached that the annual football contests snail
hereafter be held on the . campuses of the re
spective ' universities. The present field is in
ftdequate. * /.
BERKELEY, Nov. 5. — The sale of tickets
for the football game Is coming up to tht
expectations of the graduate- managers. Those
intending to «ee the game will find most of
the seats gone when they go to buy them.
The California "rooteru" will be represented
by 950 students in the section set aside for
them. Stanford will have but 576 "rooters."
Orvall Overall, captain of the football eleven,
will ieadthe procession at the "ax rally" next
Tuesday afternoon on the football field. Overall
will earn* the ax that was wrested from Stan
ford, and, followed by the entire "rooting"
fraternity, march from the gymnasium to the
bleachers, where there will be speeches and
singing. tThe final ceremony will be the hand
ing over of ; the famous ax to its next custo
dian. . - - • "
M. G. Jerrfessi, "04, has relinquished the
presidency of the Glee Club and will devote
all his time in- the future lo the conduct of
the new De Koven Club. Robert Waring, '03,
has been elected to the vacancy in the Glee
Cltb.
The Students' Congress won the debate in
competition with the .; Students' Senate la.st
night at Stiles Hall. The ¦ question at issue
was, "Resolved, : That ¦ disputes arising be
tween employers and laboring men, when sub
mitted to arbitration, should be settled upon
a basis of maintaining a 'rational standard of
living." The congress was represented by
Frank Mandel, G. C. Ringolsky and F. B.
Merrill and the senate by E. C. Barker, R. O.
Reiner and E. D: White. , The judges wero
Proressors - M. C_ Flaherty, . G. C- Gorrlll and
E- I." McCormick.
The Associated Graduate Students will elect
officers at a meeting to-morrow at 11 .o'clock
in North Hall, and Professors E. B. Clapp and
Charles Mills Oayley will deliver short ad
dresses.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
PARIS, Nov. 5. — The production of'
"Jeannie- Vedekind,? by Felix Pbilllpl.
translated by Lulgi Kruss, at Sarah Bern
hardt's Theater to-night, was made the
occasion of the reappearance of Madame
Bernhardt, . Her wonderful powers of.de- 1
pictlng intense emotion by seemingly sim-
I pie means brought forth great apt>lause.
Reappearance of Sarah Bernhardt. '-; •
VAL.LEJO, Nov. 5. — The body of. an un-_
known. man, evidently a sailor,' was found float
ing in thewater at-Morrows Cove,- about three
and a half miles south .nf this .city, this morn
ing. , The body. was dressed In the uniform of a
Frer.ch sailor, and It is believed It is that of a
man lost overboard from a French Vessel in San
Francisco 'harbor about a week ago. : -* f ".
REDDING. Nov. 5.— The Redding Water
Company is planning an almost complete re
construction of the water supply system o(
Redding. - The plan is , to take water from ; the
Sacramento River at a point three miles up the
stream for. thie city instead : of -a- mile below,
Is it present, convey, it -to the ¦= hills ¦ west of
Redding and gain an elevation which would in
sure a pressure of ¦ 120 pounds in the business
district.- The, present pressure is 42 pounds.
SAN JOSE. Nov. 0.— The Central California
Veterans' Reunion Association will hold its an
nual reunion, at "Eagles' Hall nest Saturday.
Grand Army veterans In Santa Clara 'and' all
the adjoining counties are. members of the or
ganisation. 'There will be afternoon and even
ing sessions, with a dinner in the evening to
the i old soldiers. . . . . . ; . ,
¦ NAPA, Nov. 5.—^Arthur Barr and Miss Anita
Schmied, two of Napa's most popular and most
prominent society young people, were united in
marriage this morning at the residence of the
bride's parents on First street. The bride is
the youngest doughter.of Mr. and Mrs.. W. H.
B. Sciimied. pioneer residents of Xa pa, ami Is
an, accomplished vocalist. - , ,. ¦ .* ' r'.
HAVANA. Nov. 5.— The Senate to-day' took
up" the national lottery b'll and passed the first
article. It is believed, that the bill will pass
both houses of Congresses, but the majorities
in its favor will not be sufficient to override
the certain veto of President Palma. ¦ • -
PARIS. Nov. 5. — Kmbnrsador Porter has been
advised that ths French Government will send
a warship to N>w .'Orleans en Decemb.er 18 to
take part In the celebration of the French
transfer of Louisiana. _,.
KEOKUK, la.. Nov. 5. — The Mormon church
has purchased lo.- ?KCO the- old Jai at C^r t ha?e,
HI., In which Joseph Smith, the Mormon
prophet, arid his brother Hiram were killed by u
mob in the early history of the State. , ...
PAN JOSE, Nov. 5.— Mrs. Marcella S. Moore,
widow of F. W. Moore, the clothing merchant
who died Monday, was to-day granted special
letters of administration upon 'the estate o{ her
husband.. The estate is valued' at $40,000.
. STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Nov. 5.— A val
uable collection of specimens of fresh watt-r
fish, from different parts of Siberia has been
donated to the zoology department of Stanford
University by James F. Abbott, Stanford, 'W.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Nov. B.^-Dr. E.
B. Cbpeiand, instructor in the department of
bionomics, will le-.ve the university next week
for Manila, where he will take up his work a3
chief botanist of the United States Philippine
Commission. », .
MADRID, Not. 5.— During a meeting of sci
entific Focicties in the Atheneum at Mula, In
the province oC ..Muncia; to-day,- the .building
collapsed, killing several persons and injuring
twenty fatally.
WASHINGTON", Nov.- 5. — The President to
day appointed Daniel Wright of Cincinnati to
be Justice of the Supreme Court of the District
of Columbia, vice Justice Hagner, resigned. '
INDIANAPOLIS. Nov. 5.— James Lynche
haun, the released Irish political fugitive, took
out his first naturalization papers to-day.
NIAGARA, Ont., Nov. 5^— The 1500 striking
laborers on the pow.pr plants have returned to
work, accepting ?1 GO a flay.
"We Tiave offered a reward" of $5000 for the ar.
rest end conviction of thp wveckers. This Is a
laiRe sum and will stimulate the Western offi
cers in their search for the men. We confi
dently expect to catch thorn befpre long, as we
have 6evcral important clews.
TOPEKA, Kan., Nov. 5.— General Man
ager Mudge of the Santa Fe has returned
from Colorado, where be went- to investi
gate the wreck of the Santa Fe passen
ger train near Fowler. Mr. Mudge said:
It was as clear a case of train wrecking as I
have ever seen. The spikes had been pulled
for two whole rails' lengths.- When the train
struck tills place most of the cars remained
upright arid for this reaton not many of the
paeeensers were hurt. y ¦ ,
Manager Mudge Says the Spikes Had
Been Pulled Out for Two Rails' . j
Lengths. .
OFFICERS HOPE TO CATCH
.SANTA FE .TRAIN WRECKERS
TELEGRAPH NEWS.
BERKELEY, , Nov. 5.— The executive
committee of the Berkeley Church Feder
ation has decided to hold a rally in each
of the seven wards of the town just pre
vious to the beginning of the church cen
sus that was recently agreed upon-. The
first of these gatherings will be held to
morrow night in the North Berkeley Pres^
byterlan Church. , , . ..'.-.
Churches to Hold Rallies.
All the members of the Hentchakist So
ciety are in a state of great alarm. They
are satisfied their enemies, the Alfarists,
will appoint a succrsser to carry on the
work of extermination of the Hentchak
ist leaders. ..- '
LONDON', Nov; 5.— The police haVe lo
cated the lodging place up to October 24
of George Yangie, the murderer of the
tw.o Armenian delegates to the revolu
tionary convention, and who committed
suicide yesterday after committing- the
crimes. They are satisfied that he was
identical with the murderer of Sagatel
Sagouni, president of the Armenian Revo
lutionary ,Socbty in London. It Is not
known where Yangie lived since October
24. when he gave up his lodgings. This
was two days before the first murder was
committed.
Learn ThPt He Gave Them Up .Two
Days Before the Killing of
• Sagatel Sagouni. •
POLICE LOCATE FORMER
LODGINGS OF ASSASSIN
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND. Nov. 5.— The following mar
riage licenses were issued by the County
Clerk to-day: David J. Ring, over 21, San
Francisco, and Agne3 Cunningham, over
IS, Oakland; Emanuel S. Gomes, over "21.
Centerville. and Rita Rogers, over 18.
San Leandro; Hans P. Hansen, over 21.
Alameda, and Ida R, Christiansen," over
18, San Francisco: Frank R. Evora, S4.
and Marie Nazarete, 23, both of Moraga
Valley; William Ludwlg, over. 21. and
Meta Dalldorf, over 18, both of Oakland.
REDDING. Nov. 5. — When the stage
from Magalia arrived in QrovJUe .yester
day a . passenger took a commitment for
a prisoner to the SherifTs office, but had
no prisoner. The passenger explained
that the commitment was handed to him
by Constable Buchanan of Magalla. He
did not understand he was to take charge
of a prisoner, who was' placed on the
stage with him. ao the prisoner left for
parts unknown when the stage stopped
at the lunch hour.
Passenger on a Butte County Stage
Allows a Criminal to
Escape.
SAVES THE COMMITMENT • ¦
BUT LOSES THE PRISONER
LONDON, Nov. 5.— William McCollough
of New York committed suicide' ' at a
boarding-house In Bloomsbury, a suburb
of this city, last night by inhaling gas.
Papers found In his room Indicate that
McCollough was connected with the sale
of Texas oil lands and that he had a
brother living in San Diego, Cal.
SAN DIEGO, Nov. 5. — No one of the
rrame of MeC.ollough. can be found here
who has had.a brother in London.
Papers Found on Him Indicate His
Connection With Texas Oil
; . Deals. ! ¦
NEW YORKER ENDS LIFE
IN A LONDON SUBURB
Bird applied this morning; to Prosecut
ing- Attorney A. P. Leacn'for a com
plaint asrainst Johnson. The court offi
cer advised that no criminal charge be
placed against the engineer until an ex
amination- as to his mental condition
could be held. It appeared to Attorney-
Leach that Johnson's actions were those
of a map who might be' mentally unbal
anced. Leach's advice was taken.
President Bird caused- Johnson's arrest
last night, claiming that Johnsori nad fol
lowed him from Tenth and Alice streets
to the Bird residence at 1017 Madison
street and ' had threatened to kill him.
The engineer had repeatedly, it was
claimed, declared he had intended to kill
the Birds, believing they were responsible
for the former Mrs. Johnson's refusals
to remarry her belligerent ex-spouse. The
Johnsons were divorced some time ago
and Mrs. Johnson resumed her maiden
name of Miss S. J. White. Mrs. Bird
was' an intimate friend of Miss White
before her marriage and after the sep
aration the divorced wife was a frequent
visitor at the Bird residence.
"Johnson was very anxious to remarry
his former wife," said Bird to-day, "and
he made her life miserable by pursuing
her. Only a week ago, while Miss White
and Mrs. Bird were walking downtown,
Johnson accosted them in such a threat
ening way that they ran into a restau
rant and called a policeman, who escorted
them home. I was compelled to cause
Johnson's arrest because I believed he
would carry out his frequent threats .to
kill us." . " X; ? - :^-
Johnson was sent to the Receiving Hos
pital this afternoon by the police, a com
plaint alleging insanity having been sworn
to by the engineer's divorced wife.
Persistent pursuit of his former wife,
Mrs. Jennie White Johnson, and frequent
threats to do- bodily harm to her friends,
Walter SI. Bird^ president of the Ala-r
meda County Christian Endeavor Upion;
and Mrs. Bird, has led to the arrest lirid
detention of Edward Johnson, a civil en
gineer, for examination by the Commis
sioners of Lunacy.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Nov. 5.
Belligerent Engineer Is
Arrested by Former
Wife's Friends.
WASHINGTON., Nov. 5.-Somt time ago
General Davis, commanding the Division
of the Philippines, recommended a reduc
tion of the garrieons in those islands and
the Secretary cf War authorized the chief
cf staff to determine what reduction
should be made. Genera! Youn-j has de
cided that the garrisons in the Philippines
for the present ' should remain at four
regiments of cavalry and nine of infantry.
When the arrangement for. five regiments
of infantry and ten of cavalry was made
•t was decided that one-third of the In
fantry and cavalry would at all times
be svfficient in the Philippines and two
thirds in the". United States. When the
orders were being prepared for the recent
change, however, it was necessary to pass
over the Eighth Infantry because half of
that regiment was in Alaska. 'By keeping
only nine regiments of infantry in the
Philippines it will, enable the department
to make the exchanges without interfer
ing with., the Alaska service and possibly
the Porto Rican service, and in addition
thereto -an extra regiment wijl be always
available for any emergency without
breaking down the plan. It !s not prob
able that any further reduction of the
garrison in the Philippines will be made
until proper barracks accommodations
can be provided in the United States.
Decides to Retain Four Regiments of
Cavalry and Nine of Infantry
for the Islands.
GENERAL -YOUNG SETTLES
ON FOUCE FOR PHILIPPINES
He arrived in Redding this morning
and the local, officers, who had been look
ing for him ..found hjm tbi? afternoon.:
McDaniel says he left home because of
a quarrel with his wife.
REDDING, Nov. 5.— After living with
his wife for more than fifty years, Elisha
McDaniel, an eccentric individual 75 years
of age, packed his belongings at his homej
in Chico, . last Saturday afternoon and;
leaving his aged wife just 25 cents,
boarded a. northbound train, taking with
him $5000 in currency. He said when he
left the house that he did not Intend to
return. • "
LEAVES HIS AGED WIFE
AND TAKES, THE MONEY
Seventy - Five - Year- Old Husband
Breaks Up Housekeeping in
Chico.
Paving stones and lumps of coal stolen f
from a nearby factory were hurled at the !
guards and police. .This was followed by !
more' shotting. Many of the police were ,
Injured and 'one ".sergeant had his skull j
fractured.' 'Finally ' the police with drawn]
Sabers charged the; rioters.-. wounding ser- j
eral of them and dispersing the mob.";
Several arrests Were made." '" "^r- - ' s \t
LYONS, France, Nov, 5.— A meeting,held I
to-day In the Bourse de Travail to pro
test against the present system of em
ployment agencies and the alleged brutal
ity, of the police in Paris was followed by
a riot. After the meeting the d.emonstrat
ors paraded the city until they came up'
with "a force' of mounted guards. Some j
perspn fired a- revolver and the. rioting!
commenced. . : ; ,i
Police and Guards Are Attacked and
Several Persons Are Badly
Injured.
MEETING HELD IN LYONS
IS FOLLOWED BY A RIOT
"We had a boarder at the house, too, a
fellow tradesman of mine, who left Mon
day without paying me a week's board
bill he owed. I had objected to him, and
perhaps that might have had something
to do with this trouble."
Dieudonne said he had seen his wife
on the street once since her disappear
ance, but before he had time to overtake
her she disappeared out of sight. The
distressed baker told the detectives that
he had tried to trace the whereabouts of
his children, but had been unable to get
a clew to their hiding place.
"What with the influence of this wo
man," the sorrow-burdened husband con
tinued, "and the departure of the boarder,
I don't know what to make of things.
I am not prepared to accuse anybody, but
I do know that without the slightest cause
my wife has left and taken my children."
Dieudonne was so sorely troubled dur
ing his narrative that he broke into fits
of hysterical weeping, giving evidence of
great mental worry. He begged the de
tectives t6 assist him In his efforts to
recover his missing family. The griev
ing parent was referred to the Chief of
Police. ' ¦>
With tears streaming from his eyes'and
hlf> voice choking with sobs, Victor Dieu
donne, a young Alsatian, appealed to the i
police this afternoon for assistance in a
search for his wife and two children, who
mysteriously disappeared last Saturday |
from their home on Second street, near j
Jackson. Flitting through the story of
the sudden departure of the family Is the
shadow of a strange woman, identity un
known to the grief stricken husband, who
declared to Detectives Kyte, Quigley and
Shorey that upon this woman he places
the blame in large measure for the fam-'
lly's disappearance.
Dieudonne is a baker employed at the
Cape Ann Bakery. According to his tear
laden narrative, he had been living hap
pily with his wife ever since their mar
riage eight years ago. The children are
a girl. 7 years old, and a boy of 4 years, j
They came to Oakland about two years
ago and the young baker has been stead-,
lly employed at his trade. •
About a month ago the woman ap
peared^ the baker's home and began to j
create unrest In the wife's mind, causing i
trie ¦••cuiig, woman to manifest signs of
discontent and to find fault."
"I am sure that this, woman is respon
sible for, my wife's departure," said the
deserted husband, "and the trouble is'I]
don't know^who the woman Is. She told
my wife I ought to do this and ought to !
do mat and kept nagging her. so much
that I feel satisfied she induced my wife
to leave me. I
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Nov. 5.
Tells Police of Mysteri
ous Disappearanca
of Family.
In the Chamber of Deputies the debate
on the budget was made the occasion for
a vote on the suppression '.of crucifixes
and other religious emblems Jn courts of
justice.
There was a full attendance of Senators
and the galleries were, crowded. The
principal feature of the debate was the
opposition of M. Dupuy, ex-Preeident of
the Council, who said that the repeal of
the law would be a serious infringement
of the principles Of liberty. 'The debate
was not concluded. • ..
PARIS. Nov.* 5.— Debate on the proposi r
tion to repeal the Falloux law, which
would result in creating a state monopoly
of educational institutions, was 1 begun In
the Senate to-day. .,
Claim That It Would Result in
Creating a State Jlonoply of Edu
cational Institutions.
FRENCH SENATORS OPPOSE
REPEAL OF FALLOUX LAW
ST. PAUL, s Nov. a.— Caspar J.. Ernst,
capitalist and. promoter, who has . been
cut on bail of $4500 pending a hearing on
charges of embezzlement and forgery pre
ferred by. Father Metzler,^ a Catholic
priest of Chippewa Fftlis.Wls., was sur
rendered by his bondsmen to-night and Is
now in the custody of a deputy sheriff.
The action of his bondsmen, one of whom
is Ernst's brother-in-law, is said to be
due. to sensational' developments in the
case, the result of an investigation which
has been going on since his recent arrest.
Ernst Js said to have received large
sums from people throughout Minnesota,
Wisconsin and Eastern States to be in
vented by him at a high rate cf interest.
Many of his clients were Catholic priests,
who sent their private fortunfes for in
vestment. What the total amount of
money so received is is not yet known,
but 'the investigators 'declare that it was
in;the neighborhood of $200,000.
Investigators Assert His Peculations
Will Amount to Several Hundred
Thousand Dollars.
CAPITALIST IS ACCUSED
OF DEFRAUDING CLERGYMEN
HUSBAND BLAMES
STRANGE WOMAN
If members of the academic world ¦ cannot
sacrifice their 'time for -thts purpose, surely
business and professional men will not do so,
particularly -when the reward for sincere, earn
est effort is bound to be unjust criticism and
abuee. You' may not secure a- public office
in the course of your life, 'but alt can serve
your state by an Intelligent interest in public
affairs arid a proper, use of the ballot. I
Dr. A. A. d'Ancona,. 'professor of hy
giene at the University* of California and
just re-elected Supervisor in San Fran
cisco on the Democratic | ticket, advises
university men to get . into ' politics ;and
make them' clean. When" he entered his
class, to-day, for the first time after the
election, he gave the students some ad
vice, saying in part:- ¦••• -
The public service Is corrupted by wire
pulling, professional politicians, in whom self
ishness and favoritism dominate. It is time
for the better - classes and better educated to
take an active part in government. Particu
larly should university men. and especially
those of the. University of California, take, a
greater interest In the public weal. For" they
are enabled then to carry on their studies
through public munificence and certainly owe
it to the public to devote at least a small
portion of their time to the commonwealth.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
214$ Center street, Nov. 5..
"If that be so, gentlemen, I would ask
that- the commission take some steps to
produce correspondence in relation to the
r-haract<»r of Simpson, which has passed
SIMPSON'S CHARACTER.
Policemen JWlihey, Kreuger William
J. Brown. Saurr and Draper all followed
on the stand, and said under oath that
tney were present at the time and heard
the question and answer. The policemen
were all submitted to a mild grilling bv
Commissioner Hutton for not having
made a report of this conversation to
their superior officer. Hutton stated that
it was as much the duty of the com
mission to protect the innocent as It was
to punish the guilty. This statement was
the cue for Attorney Campbell, who
arose and said:
Policemen James J. McEntee testified
to. a conversation with Walsh. In which
the latter accused Wolff of having
brought him before the commissioners
some time before and of having
caused information to bo con%-ey
ed to his wife that made trou
ble for him at home. Policeman P.
J. Folej- pavf similar testimony and Po
liceman Tom Cavanaugh was put on this
stand. Cavanaugh said that while stand
ing in company with Walsh and several
other policemen at Fourth and f'lara
streets on the morning after WaNh
gave damaging testimony against tho srr
grcant. he had asked Walsh what the
troubir between himself and Wolff was
Tc this Walsh replied: "Well, he tried to
br*>ak me once and now I will break him
If 1 can."
ANGE2ED AT WOLFF.
Then the sensational part of the case
commenced. It was in the nature of posi
tive testimony to show that Patrolman J.
S. Walsh, v.ho Ustifled against Wolff at
th* previous hearing of the case, had a
spite apainst the officer and an object in
seeing him punished. The testimony went
so far as to show that Walsh had stated
that he wr.s doing his best to "break"
Wolff and that lie should try to succeed.
Charles ZinRand was the first of about
tifty saloon-keepers in Wolff? section who
had been railed for the purpose of prov
ing that the sergeant had not received nor
had he dt-mandea tribute from any other
person engaged in the liquor business.
When Zinkand had finished the commis
sion dismissed the other witnesses, eaying
that it would be admitted that. their tes
timony would be similar to that just
given.
Among th<? witnesses on reputation were
Jurats Swain, a metal worker; John P.
Johnson, a cabinet-maker; John C.
Hodsts. a laborer; H. V. Osgocd, a sales
man, and William Hill, a waiter. There
were teveral more who did not obey sub
poenas and they will be arrested and
brought before the commission at its
meeting on Monday afternoon. Henry T.
McGuerren, Louis Holtz and Dan Crowley
a»i claimed to have been present in-Crow
ie> 'e saloon when Al Neill, .who is a nom
icai partner of Simpson's, state* that he
did not know of any money having been
paid to the officer. This was in eontradic
i.on of Neills statement at th« previous
meeting that he was aware of the trans
action. The reputation of James Badley,
me bartender, was assailed by John j.
ijauphn.y. Supervisor George Alpers,
Charges Xorman, H. Geison and M B.
Heed. , .
WALSH IS ACCUSED.
.After the case had been called Attorney
Eon, representing Miss Sollomon. asked
that the charges be withdrawn, the of
ficer having made arrangement to repay
tbe money. The commission objected to
this procedure and ordered a hearing of
the case. There was much argument,
but the commission remained firm and In
sisted upon a trial, that the conduct of
the officer might be learned. When this
decision became positive, Chapin turned,
««aled himself at the secretary's desk and
wrote out his resignation. A vote was
taken and it was accepted.
There was an array of witnesses in the
Wolff case. Campbell & Metson appeared
tmr the, defendant and Attorney Williams
wa.$ counsel for George B. Simpson, who
alleged that ho paid the sergeant money
on three different occasions. The bulk of
testimony went to prove that the reputa
tion of the complaining witness and thai
«jf his bartender, who supports him in his
accusations, were exceedingly bad and
that their wurd could not be relied upon.
Men appeared who claimed to have bet>n
robbed, swindled and deceived by both of
Uae'tnc-n. while others stated that, having
heard the standing of both discussed,
ihey formed the impression that it was
very i>oor.
The application for a license to sell
liquor with m« als on the premises of what
vu known as the Hotel Nymphia was
denied -early in the session. There was no
argument. Commissioner Hutton, ' who
acted as chairman, making a simple state
ment that the board was opposed to any
such a request. Then the case of Police
man Edwin M. Chapin was called. Chapin
was accused by Miss Christine Sollomon,
a domestic, of having caused her to ac-
QUire a taste for liquor, betrayed her and
borrowed $235 from her under promise of
marriage, and all this while the officer
vat a married man.
WRITES RESIGNATION.
.The meeting of the Board of Police
Commissioners held last night at the Hall
of Justice was an Interesting one. A
police officer, rather than have disgrace
ful charg-es aired before the Commislson
ers, sat in. their presence and wrote out
bis resignation and the trial of Sergeant
K. A. Wolff, charged with taking money
from a saloon-keeper on his beat, de
veloped many interesting features. A
greater portion of the defense was heard
and the hearing terminated in a mild
dispute between the Chief of Police and
Attorney Joseph C. Campbell, who, with
William Metson, is defending the accused
oCleer. - •
A franchise was granted by the Board
of Supervisors on Monday to "W. 8.
Rheem. superintendent of the Pacific
Coast Oil Company, for the construction
and operation of an electric street car' line
from the Southern Pacific station down
Macdonald avenue to the Santa Fe depot,
thence to Richmond-avenue station and
through the principal streets of the town
to the oil works and beyond. The appli
cation for the franchise was filed by H:
B. Kinney of the Richmond Light and
Power Company, whose bid for same was
only |232, while that of Mr. Rheem was
$622. Mr. Rheem avers that the Iin# will
be built a3 soon as arrangements can be
perfected for its construction. By the
terms of the franchise he has one year
to begin construction and two years to
complete the line. It has been surmise*
that. Mr. Rheem represented the Belt
Line Company, but this he disclaims. ..
An extensive stoneyard is to be estab
lished at the junction of the Southern
Pacific main -Hne and the Santa Fe^s
Oakland branch. The firm of "Wilson.
Lyon & Co., 220 Market street, San Fran
cisco has purchased two blocks -of land
from the Richmond Land Company and
has already commenced construction, on a
building 100x600 feet. Machinery for saw
ing and dressing the stone has been dr
dered and Is expected as soon as:* trie
building is ready to receive it. The Btona
Is to come from the hills in- the vlclnliy
of the Franklin tunnel, fifteen miles east
of here, on the Santa Fe line. A force
of men is already at work there stripping
thae earth from the ledges and -making
ready for Its shipment in great blocks to
the. yard at this place. The ' ledges, at
Franklin are said to be almost Inexhaust
ible and easy of access. The flrra expects
to'glve employment to about 100'men here,
preparing the stone ready . for . the build
ings before It is transported to the
building sites.
POINT RICHMOND, Nov. 5.-A well
defined rumor has gained currency her«
that in harmony with the general improve
ment of the Harrirrian lines from Otfden
to the coast, the Sacramento shops are to
be moved to Point Richmond. The story
goes that only a sufficient plant is to be
lert at Sacramento to do the repairing on
locomotives for the mountain divisions,
and that all the car repairing and manu
facturing is to be transferred to Point
Richmond. The Southern Pacific Com
pany recently acquired 1C0 acres of water
front land here, immediately- north of the
Standard Oil Company's property, and It
la said it also has an option on a large
body of marsh land east of this tract.
The Pacific Coast Oil Company has
bought a tract of 250 acres rive i mile*
northeast of the big refinery. The deeds
come from Adolph Klose and others near*
Sobrante station on the Southern Pacific
Railroad. It is given out by representa«
tives of the company here that the land Is
to be covered with storage tanks. The
tract lies along the big pipe line from
Bakersfield and has an elevation of 200
feet or more above the refinery. From
the storage tanks the oil would flow down
to the reflnary by gravitation. The pipe
line having proven a success it is found
that the company, notwithstanding it3
Immense tanks here, is still far short of
adequate capacity to accommodate thd
output of the pipe line.
Later at police headquarter? , he con
fessed, but declined to give any informa
tion about^his pals or to state anything
himself except to say that he has
been in Lcs Angeles two years and is a
photographer by occupation. The detec
tives believe he is a professional burglar.
One of the bullets fired by Detar passed
through Clandlers' coat.
The shots aroused the neighborhood and
men appeared with revolvers, rifles and
shotguns a n3 joined in the search. For a
time the burglars escaped, but a hat
dropped by one of them was found. Half
an hour later a citizen reported to the
officers that he had seen a hatless man
run up the rear stairway to a fashionable
flat. Going there the officers found Carl
Clanders, a well-dressed young man of
25 years, lying in a dark corner pretend
ing to be asleep. He was hatless and his
hands were badly cut by glass, slivers of
which still adhered to his clothing. He
was immediately handcuffed and taken
back to the store, where he was positlvelv
identified.
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 5.— Clad only in
his nightshirt, S. L. Detar gave battle to
two burglars, whom he saw break into
his store, opposite the State Normal
School, to-night, fired several shots at
them and half an hour later one of the
thieves was caught and confessed.
Detar had retired and his wife from her
window in the house adjoining the store
saw two men breaking open the rear door.
She called her husband and handed him
his revolver. Without waiting to dress,
Detar crept to the store and entered
through the door that the burglars forced
open. In front of the store was a look
out, but he did not notice the upproach
of the thinly clad man.
When the proprietor entered the store
he found the burglars in the act of rifling
the cash register and at sight of him they
leaped through the front show window to
the street and fled. Detar pursued them,
firing as he ran, and calling for help.
Deputy Constable Appel took up the
chase and also began shooting at the
fleeing thieves.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHEYENNE, Wyo., Nov. 5.— The re
quest of Governor Chatterton on the Gov
ernor of South Dakota for the return of
nine Indians who ' were captured near
Edgemont. S. D.. was. complied with, and
the prisoners were turned over to bherin
"Ja r ck" McDermott and posse at Craw
ford. They will be charged with the mur
der' of Sheriff Miller and Deputy Falken
burg.
Governor Chatterton this evening re
ceived a telephone message from Doug
las stating that the Sioux had been safely
landed in the Douglas jail. The Indians
confess that they were in the party that
killed Sheriff Miller arid Deputy Falken
burg. • - • . ; ¦
United States Marshal HadseU received
orders from Washington to-day to pro
ceed at once to Douglas and take the
necessary steps to prevent the Sioux pris
oners .meeting, with summary vengeance
at the^hands of a possible mob. Governor
Chatterton denies the report that any
danger exists, but will protect the prison
ers at all hazards, even to the extent of
tailing out the militia of the State.
CLAIM INSANITY
CAUSED THREATS
At the police station at Berkeley, the
captured man gave the name of Charles
T. Gaylord. \ He Is making the defense
that he had been drinking and got Into
the house by mistake. Several physicians
have been- subpoenaed to- testify that such
a thing Is within the range of possibility
and cases such as this have beenknown
to occur. Gaylor had been employed in
a livery stable in Berkeley and claims
"that he has always worked honestly for
a living and has a good record.
The jury failed to agree after four
hours' deliberation and was discharged.
1 In our dining-room there is a closet that we
did not look into, in our search. While,- 1 was
taking the silver out of the" sideboard ray hus
band-opened the door of the* closet and. looked
in. His exclamation "made me look up, and
there was a man standing inside. "We both
jumped .and closed the door and 1 leaned
against it while my husband turned the key.
Then we telephoned for the police.
Mrs. Maud Richardson, wife 'of Profes
sor Richardson of the University of Cali
fornia, told a judge and jury to-day how
she helped her husband make. a prisoner
of a rriidnight burglar discovered In their
home. , While small of stature, she testi
fied that she held a closet door and that
when : they succeeded In closing it upon
thejr entrapped visitor, they turned the
key in the lock arid then telephoned for
the police. - /„••-».•.-¦¦
On the witness Btand this morning, Mrs.
Richardson identified the prisoner at the
bar as the man who was taken from the
closet by the police and in relating how
he, was captured said: , , <
We were awakened about 3 o'clock In the
morning by hearing some ¦ one moving about
Id our house. My husband and I got up and
went downstairs, but did not find any one. A
window, however, was wide • open that I re
membered shutting before I retired, and we
supposed we must have heard the man as he
left.' We went up to our room again. ;After
ward I thought of the silverware and wanted
to go back and gather it up, and my husband
went with me. ¦ '
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
. , 1118 Broadway^ Nov. 5.
The rising, the correspondent adds, Js
supposed to be due' to the execution of a
Bpndelzwar chief by German officers. •
Meager details of the Warmbad massa
cre were given in these dispatches a few
days ago.
LONDON, Nov. 6. — According to the
Cape Town correspondent of the Daily
Mail, the Bondelzwar tribesmen who* are
engaged in. a native rebellion' in Demara-'
land, succeeded in capturing Warmbad, a
German fort. They burned the fort and
the village, massacred' all . the Germans
and took the English families prisoners.
A relieving force from the north en
gaged a- large body of the natives and
heavy fighting ensued, the result of which
is not known. - . . . .
Germans; Are Massacred and
, Engl ish Fam ilies Made
; 'Prisoners.
Policeman Chapin Resigns
Rather Than Undergo
/ a Trial.
Neighbors Arm and Pursue
the Miscreants .Along
Streets.
Mr3. Maud Richardson Tells
" of Locking Mauraiider
'. in a Closet.
Authorities Take Steps, to
Guard .Against Any Mob
' • Violence.
Public . Service* , Dominated
Now^ by Wirepulling
Polifcians.
Standard Oil Company Buys
More Land for It 3 Stor- ,'
age Tanks.
His Witnesses Allege
Walsh Threatened to
"Break" Him.
Southern Pacific Com
pany Said to Be Plan
ning Car Shops.
Los Angeles Shopkeep
er Has a Thrilling
Adventure.
Dr. A. A. d'Ancona Ad
vises Students to As
sist Government. ¦
Professor's Wife Gives
Testimony Against
O. T. Gaylor.
Will Be Tried for Killing
; Sheriff Miller and
Further JD^ails.pf the
Native Rebellion in
Demaraland. •
SERGEANT WOLFF
CHARGES MALICE
GIVES BATTLE
TO BURGLARS
SIOUX PRISONERS
ARE SURRENDERED
NEW INDUSTRIES
FOR RICHMOND
UNIVERSITY MEN
PURIFY POLITICS
HOW SHE HELPED
CATCH BURGLAR
TRIBESMEN KILL
ENTIRE GARRISON
THE SAN' FKANOISCO OAIiL, .FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1903.
BERKELEY, Nov. 5.— J. R. Waterbury
of 1828 Addlson street has Just returned to
his home $30.000 . richer than * he was six
months ago/ He. says he struck it /rich
in a mining claim near Nome, from which
he -took$3Q0 a day for one hundred days.
Beturns a Wealthy Man.
FRESNO, Nov. 5.— William H. Bailey,
a Washington colony farmer/despondent
over illness, from which he. had long
Buffered and which could ¦ not " be ' cured,
to-day shot himself in: the heart, dying
instantly. He was a native of New
York and about 48 years of age.
Sick Farmer Takes His Life.
- PARIS; Nov. 5.— The investigation Into
the alleged perjury committed- during the
trial : of the Fair will case was | continued
to-day." One of the witnesses, Frastinger,
who, . it t is, alleged, attempted to corrupt
Mauraniie; in the Interest of ; the Vander
bilt ; family^: was examined, without
any new facts being brought out. _
Fair. Will Case Hearing Resumed.
•OAKLAND, I7ov. 5.— George ¦ E. Al
brecht, organist of St. John's Episcopal
Church, is very, ill with pleuro-pneumonla,
and during the next month his place , will'
be filled by Rea Hanna, a former organist
of St. John's.- V,.\
Organist of St. John's Very 111.
4
ADVXHTISEMEUTS.
Dyspepsia
end other stomach troubles
quickly relieved and in most cases
surely cured by the use of
This scientific perniidde is abso-
lutely harmless; it subdues the
inflammation of the mucous mem-
brane of the stomach, and by re-
moving the cause, effects a cure.
Used and recommended by leading phy-
sicians. Take no substitute and see that
each bottle bears my signature.' Trial size,
•l.OO, at druggists or by bulU, from .
C£O rrtace St. '- JTew Tork !
bend }or Booklet , '
; : ADVERTISEMENTS. J*£ £ „
jSJII V on x=& U
¦fi *r% ¦' ¦« **^sm§^ . ™*™? b
Ssv2 Half "**r- 1
jpsssr czry
3\igsjjsjgipH| , ' - ' f^\
iaate Glass "^ ;©
|^^' Natural |
®Vim, Vigor, Vitality far, Men.
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
¦ have been in use over fifty
years by the leaders of th«
Mormon Church and their
followers. Positively cure th»
worst cases in old and youn.j
arising from effects of • salf-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette smoking. Car* Lost
Manhood. Imuotency. ' Lost*
Power. Night Losses Insom-
nia Pains in Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back.
Nervous Debility, Headache. Unfltness to Mar- J
ry Loss of Semen, r-mm Varlcocele or Con-1
sti'patlon. stop Ner »*J fj-rous Twitching of
Eyelids. Effects are imraedlaU. Impart
vigor and -potency l ' BBIS ti) every function.
Don't get despondent, a cure Is at hand. , Re-
store small, undeveloped organs.- Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; 50c & box; 8 tor
$2 50 by mail. A written guarantee to cure op
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circular* free.
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO., 40 Kill* at.
San KranciJ»co. 4 CaL GRANT DKVQ : CO.. *3& ¦
and 40 Third at. . y - >* CORVALLIS, Or.. Nov. 5.— CrefOeld, the
leader of the "Holy • Roller" band, \ who
fled. last Sunday under, fear of mob vio
lence, has returned to Corvallis and has
taken his station once, more" among his
followers! He returned accompanied by
Frank Hurt, one of the "Rollers," who is
now harboring Creffleld", In ' 'his home.
There Is much indignation here . because
of Creffleld's return. . . • ,
Leader of Oregon. Fanatics Reassumes
Command of Followers in
Corvallis. ,-¦:; .
"HOLY ROLLER". RETURNS
AND CITIZENS . ARE ANGRY
SEATTLE, Nov. 5.— Frank B. Poor,
president of the Citizens' Light and Power
Company, recently organized as a rival
of the company of the same name which
Incorporated in New Jersey, was arrested
this morning on a bench warrant issued
from the court of General Sessions, New
York City, charging him with grand lar
ceny In' the first degree.
The specific charge alleged Is that Poor,
while a .partner in the banking-house of
Marqua*nd'& Co., New York City, appro
priated to. his own use nine J1000. Iron
Mountain mortgage bonds and subse
quently fled the country, coming to Seat
tle. The alleged appropriation Is said to
have .been committed on June 26, 1901.
An Indictment by. the Grand Jury was
obtained on the 28th of October last.
Poor^s bonds were fixed at $1000 and the
date of hearing November 19. Ball was
promptly, furnished.
The Citizens' Light and Power Company
Is a selling company .which obtains all
Its gas from the" Seattle Gas and Electric
Company -and also uses that company's
mains. It sells gas at a much lower rate
than its parent. company in competition
with -the > other company of the same
name, which has been. doing business ln
Seattle . under a New Jersey charter for
several' years. Poor claims the arrest is.
spite work. J
HACKENSACK, N. J., Nov. 5.— Frank
B Poor, who was arrested in Seattle to
day, was at the time of the failure of
Marnuand & Co. of New York a
junior partner ln the concern. He was a
son of the late, Edward P. Poor of New
York, president of the National Park
Frank >P. Poor organized the Hacken
sack Trust Company and constructed the
electric lighting and gas lighting con
cerns in Bergen Couiity. He organized an
Ice company which put up a $«o.000 plant,
was president of the Hackensack Board of
Trade from its inception and bought
large tracts of land in Hackensack, w.hlch
he developed. - »"'«/• "JV'
When v the house of Marquand & Co.
went down, Poor lost everything. He
sold two ¦; handsome houses which he
owned here and marde his home In Con
necticut. Later his wife headed a grocery
firm, of *; which he was the manager.
Months ago Poor went to Seattle to take
a position 'with, a lighting plant.
SALT £AKE,.Nov. 5.— Apostle Heber
J Grant of the Mormon church upheld
polygamy before the students of the Uni
versity of Utah to-day. Grant is an alum
nus of the University of Deseret, the
predecessor of the present State univer
sity, and he made a speech at a meet
ing to raise an alumni scholarship fund,
He urged -liberality in the donations and
F "I have given $150. Fifty dollars of this
Is for myself and fifty for each of my two
wives." , ¦ • ¦
The students, a majority of whom are
non-Mormons, were spellbound at this an
nouncement when they grasped the sig
nificance of the remark. Many of them
began to applaud and cheer. .' ,
"Hooray for the wives," they yelled, ir
represstbly. , .. ¦ - , ' .
"Too bad you haven't got a hundred at
$50 per," called some irreverent young
'"If the law.s of the' United States would
permit that I would make it three," any
how," replied Apostle Grant.-
This brought out more yells from the
boys. ' ' .'••-•
Apostle Grant is an open advocate of
pdlygamy and on several other, occasions
he has preached the- doctrine. ;
When the first presidency of the church
heard of his remarks to-day it is reported
to have become decldedjy angry. With
the case of r Apostle and Senator " Reed
Smoot hanging. ln the balance in Wash
ington, the church authorities are ex
tremely solicitous that' ho open advocacy
of polygamy -sriall get into the newspa
pers. It Is said that Apostle Grant was
reprimanded for his remarks by President
Joseph F. Smith. " • -: - : •
Grant has a reputation for being out
spoken. Largely for this reason, he was
sent to Japan a couple of years ago to
do missionary work. -He -returned- only
recently. ¦' -. . ', ¦ ¦ .
Special Dispatch to The Call
Mormon Surprises the
Students of Utah
University.
Light and Power Com
pany President Ac
cused in Seattle.
APOSTLE BOASTS
OF PLURAL WIVES
DECLARES SPITE
CAUSES ARREST
SHERIFFS HELP
A ROBBER BAND
Authorities Secure Im
portant Evidence in
Whitling Case.
JUNCTION CITY, Kans, Nov. 5.-F.
W. Whitling was to-day bound over to
the United States . Grand Jury on the
charge of complicity In the recent post
office robbery at Morrlll, Kans.
Whitling is charged by the officers with
being the executive officer of the gang
of robbers. which has been making things
Interesting for the banks of the smaller
towns in Kansas and Nebraska for some
years past. Evidence is in the hands of
the United States District Attorney to
the effect that the proceeds of the rob
beries were turned over to Whitling, who
divided the money among the members
of the gang. A number of the members
are in penitentiaries in Kansas, Colorado
and Nebraska and It is charged that they
received their regular share of the stolen
money by means of postofflce money or
ders sent' them by Whitllng.
Several Sheriffs are said to be implicated
in helping the gang along, according to
disclosures made by the United States au
thorities.
ADVISE DECLARATION OF WAR.
Chinese Officials Are Enraged at Rus
sian Proceedings at Moukden.
PEKING, Nov. 5.— Yuan Shi Kai. Vice
roy of Chill Province, who was dispatched
to Moukden by the Dowager Empress
with Instructions to investigate affairs
there, and if possible to arrange a set
tlement with the Russians, did not go
any farther than Tientsin, which he
reached yesterday evening. ¦ It is now
considered doubtful whether he will go
to Moukden at a!!.
The Chinese are more enraged at the
Russian proceedings 'at Moukden than
they have been by any events since the
capture of Peking. Some of the hot
headed members of the council have ad
vised the Dowager Kmp'ress to declare
war on Russia and send troops to release
the Tartar general, whose detention 'at
Moukden, growing out of the decapitation
of the Chinese bandit who had enlisted
in the Rrssian service, but who fell into
the hands of the" Chinese after the Rus
sians bfld evacuated Moukden, wounds
Chinese sunceiulbilities since' it is con
sidered to be not only' an Jrisult to a high
official but as insulting to the Chinese
Government itself. ...
Better informed officials, however, real
ize the helplessness of China and the
madness of eoing to war with Russia.'
CZAH CHANGES
HIS ITINERARY
Decides to Forego His
Proposed Visit to
Copenhagen.
BERLIN, Nov. 6.— The Tageblatt learns
that the conference between Count von
Bulow and Count Lamsdorff at the Cas
tle of Darmstadt yesterday was on the
situation ln the Balkans and ln the Far
East. - i
The correspondent for the Tageblatt at
St. Petersburg says th© Czar will return
November 19 and will not visit Copen
hagen, although his presence there is
greatly desired by the Dowager Empress
of Russia.
No speeches were made during the
luncheon given to the royal personages
at "Wolfsgarten to-day. In the afternoon
Emperor "William and the Czar played
tennis and In the evening there was a
gala dinner attended by the Emperor and
the Czar and their suites, as well as by
Count von Bulow and Count Lamsdorff.
Emperor William left at 9:50 o'clock, being
accompanied to the station by the Czar.
Prince Henry of Prussia and the Grand
Duke' of Hesse.
The Llnnell left Femandlna on October
17 and on the 24th plunged' into a terrific
gale. She sprang a leak and was soon
water-logged. To prevent the schooner
turning turtle the spars were cut away.
The | sailors lashed themselves to the
stumps and remained there- forty-eight
hours the waves breaking over them con
tinually before the Gabrielle d'All sighted
the hulk..' .• : i ' ' . <v\: . " •
NEW YORK, Nov. -5.— Captain Gabriel
sen and nine 'of the crew of, the water
logged schooner • John j Llnnell have
reached this port aboard the Italian ship
Gabrlelle d'AH.
Italian Ship Rescues Captain and
Nine Sailors From a" Perilous
' Position.
The brigand whose execution has
caused serious trouble between Russia
and China, was accused of many crimes
against the Chjnese. Recently. the Rus
sians yielded to China's demand 'for his
surrender, whereupon he was promptly
decapitated. When this became known
Russia demanded the execution of the
officer who ordered the killing of the ban
dit, giving as an alternative the seizure
of Moukden within five days. China d*T
fe.red to banish the officer and to remove
Taotai Yuen from office. Negotiations
were In progress when Moukden was re
occupled by the Russians.
CREW OF WATER-LOGGED
SCHOONER REACHES PORT
PEKING, Nov. 5.— Paul I-essar, the
Russian Minister to China, has repeated
the demands. of his Government for the
execution of Major Wong, who recently
decapitated a noted brigand in Russian
employ, and the dismissal of Yuan, Tao
tai of Moukden, who "is Wong's . superior
officer. The Chinese officials here are un
able, to say whether Russia proposes to
withdraw her troops from Moukden and
release the Tartar general of the city,
now held in custody in his yamen, if
these demands are not granted.
Minister Lessar has told the officials of
the Chinese Foreign Office that he is sur
prised that Ihey should consider Rus
sia's action in this matter
as, in view of the circumstances,. he thinks
it was lenient. The Russians think that
the execution, without trial, of the bri
gand who was acting as chief of an irreg
ular force of Russian police, was part of
China's policy to terrorize the Chinese
so as to prevent them from entering the
Russian military employ in Manchuria.
Minister Lessar Insists That Major
Wong Be Executed.
REPEATS RUSSIA'S DEMANDS.
Japan has reassured China that she will
accept no compromise with Russia in
volving the recognition of any important
Russian sovereignty in Manchuria, but at
the came time she has warned China that
if the Russian • demands are accepted
Japan will be compelled to reconsider her
friendly attitude to China.
Viscount Haj-ashi, Japanese representa
tive at the Court of St. James, had a long
conference at the British Foreign Office
to-day.
Moukden as adviser to the Tartar
General. M. Lessar. the Russian Minister
to China, in response to China's remon
strance against the reoccupatlon of Mouk
den, said the reoccupation was due to
China's persistent refusal to accede to the
Russian demands. China now shows a
greater inclination- to favor the demands
of Russia, and appears disposed to pay a
large price to "save her face" and avert
the disaster brought about by the loss of
Manchuria. •• •¦ .
LONDON, Nov. 6.— The Peking cor
respondent of the Times says that
Russia now demands the appoint
ment of a Russian resident at
Their counsels have hitherto prevailed,
though there is much baseless war talk
in the native press and among the young
er Chinese officials.
LONDON, Nov. 5. — I/ord Balcarres
(Conservative), eldest sen of the Earl -if
«'ratvford and Halcarrrs. has been re
flected to rejirrsent the «"hlorly division
of I^noashire ir. the House of Commons,
en his appointment as junior lord of the
treasury, by a majority of 1CS over the
Liberal candidate. James Lawrence.
Lord Bclcarres Is Ri-«lccted.
< j>crnticn of O'I?rIen. Redmond has been
nlile to retain the leadership of the party,
l.ut with O'Rricr.'s rrsjgr.ation there is
every probability of a far reaching split
in the Nationalist ranks.
O'Brien has been in poor health and It
required an effort to enable him to make
a public appearance or to attend Parlia
mer.t.
Other members of the Nationalist party,
inclu£Ir<x John Diliot;. have been in al
most open revolt against the land act
*r:d Redmond, whom they regard as too
rn-id/ rnte. Owing to the powerful co-
tVHrien adds that as This continued
editorship «f the Irish People would inev
:tiil)!y lead to a continuance of the p'i'uISc
< r.ntroversy. which ha'i belter be^n ended,
he Is determined to crape the publication
«>f that paj>er after this week's issue.
O'Brien's resignation appears to have
been forced by Thomas Sexton, who con
trols the Frceman'p Journal, and by Mich
at-1 Davltt, whose letters to that paper on
Octobf-r 4 indignantly denounced John
Redmond for tne Terms under which the
Irish IV.rMamentr.ry Ua<>r sold hin Wox
ford < stale und.r the new land act. "Mr.
Hedmor.d's action.** wrote Davitt. '.'turns
the whole land act Into a farce."
In a letter to Father O'Flynn, president
cf the Cork branch of the United Irish
I.o.-.jrup. announcing his decision, O'Brien
that efforts are being made in
many quarters to "thwart the policy rec
ommended by the. national directory for
t b« purpose of extracting the largest pjs
*:Me benefit for the Irish tenantry under
the new land act. He says in this con
nection thai he himse'.f has been pursued
by many interests "with a feroci'y and a
hatre.J beyond that* incurred b> any
Irishman of this peneration."
U3KDOS. Nov. 5.— William O'Brien
<Iru0> Nationalist) has decided to resign
bis BC»I la P>iri?ament and as a member
of th<* poverning body of the United Irish
Tires of the Policy Fursued
by Other Member^ in the
Nationalist Ranks.
William O'Brien Decides
to Resign His Seat
in Parliament.
IRISH LEADER
WILL WITHDRAW
CHINA SHOWS AN INCLINATION
TO GRANT RUSSIA'S DEMANDS
Appears Disposed to Pay Large ,' Price to Avert
the Disaster Bro ught About by Loss of Man
churia, Although Japan Gives Her Warning
THE SAN FBAKCISCO CALL, FEIDAY, NOYEMBER 6, 1903.
VISCOUNT TADASU HAYASHI, JAPAN'S DIPLOMATIC REPRESENTA
TIVE AT THE COURT OF ST. JAMES. WHO HAS DONE MUCH IN
FURTHERANCE OF THE ANGLO-JAPANESE ALLIANCE.
. "Waterman," j "Regal" j and • "Marshall"
fountain pens are the best in the world
for the money. Sanborn; Vail & Co.. 741
Market street, are the selling agents for
San Francisco. •
SAN DIEGO. Nov. 5.— Frances g.. Plimp
ton, a prominent citizen of this place, ex
pired suddenly in his office- to-day,' death
being the result of a .rupture of a blood
vessel in the brain. Plimpton , came to
San Diego in *18&1 . from West Newton.
Mass.,' and for twenty, years has been
general manager of the Russ Lumber and
Mill Company. He was 63 years of age.
Dies Suddenly in an Office.
NEW ORLEANS; Nov. 5.— Sam-Adams)
a young negro who attacked Mrs. Peter
Laduss at Pass Chrtetian, Miss., to-day,
epcaped but was recaptured. * To'-nlght a
mob' took' him from the Jail, which had
been guarded by. armed men. a.nd hanged
him to a tree. ''.''.
Mississippi Mob Lynchesa Negro.
5
DOAN'S KIDNEY PILLS.
plentFoTTtT".
Xoti More Proof Like This, and It Is All
- From San Francisco People.
"The proof of the pudding is in the
eatlnir of it." If any city or town in the
I'nion *nas sufficient proof on the follow-
ing subject it is San Francisco. Genuine
merit is finding its reward in the -hearty
cndorsatlon of local citizens. When
people right here at home, friends and
neighbors of our readers, give a state-
ment like the following for publication
it is proof corrvincing for the most skep-
tical. Read this" testimony:
F. L. Smith, boxmaiier in- the National
Box Factory, residence 741 Folsom
street, says: "If r was not thoroughly
impressed with the fact that Doan's Kid-
ney Pills can be depended upon I would
never have gone out of my way to rec-
ommend the preparation to others suffer-
ing from kidney • complaint. Before I
took a course of the treatment I had
tried more than one standard remedy,
but the results, as far as stopping the
trooble. were just as rwnotely in the dis-
tance as when I first noticed that my
kidneys were out of order. A sure indi-
cation that in some way the action of
my kidneys was upset was too frequent
action of the kidney secretions, added to
the backache, particularly if I contracted
a cold. For the last six . months there
has not been an , indication of .either ex-
cited or weakened kidneys." . " .
For sale by all dealers. Price 50 cents.
Foster-Milburn Co.. Buffalo. N.; Y.. sole
agents for the United States. ¦ .
Remember the name, Doan's, and take
no substitute.
, ADVEBTISEMEirTS.
loss of their girlish forms
: All of this can be .. avoided,-
however, by the use of Mother's Friend before baby comes, as this
great liniment always prepares the body for the strain upon it, and
preserves the symmetry of her form. Mother's Friend overcomes all the
danger of child-birtlvand carries the expectant mother safely through
this critical period without pain. It is woman's greatest blessing.
Thousands gratefully tell of the benefit and^ relief derived from tho
use of this wonderful _
remedy. Sold by all fPSitW — *B^ ne%9^^
»*«£: BwB@ilnl&!!P €$
book, telling all about . • m -'' B
this liniment, will be sent free. fflU!^* OpE\S JSTBk flO^D M^B
Tte Bo^teM Bsolitw Ca.. iflutis'SL B SfB^SmMMM
THE EMPOE-tUM" | THE EMPOBIXTM | THE EMPOBIXTM | THE EMPOBIXTM
\Special Reductions^ '?*-**• / m f" ° f , y 7Z\ da T"Z \Z Shirts 79 G
•^_ *£m --M %t\m ' taken advantage of our sale of broKen lines line Suits ~ . .
\ RCSffly-tO-VVear \ nnd Coats at half price this week. $1.00 to $2.00 ValuCS
\ . BMsbfc ' <hm — nr> ' Another chance b offered
I Ba£3B9 y SjO JCz^ f -'* to-day and Saturday *t;
\ S0D ' S bcSt i^^sMf/L/i/i^^^/jfi^^ perfectly fitting shirt*, JSf^z^^
\ <^&k1&*^i& st y' es » niad- by our own caufornias largest* # ¦¦¦¦¦— —^^" * n es ' raD ' c patterns /^ '.*'.' ¦'•*••* '•'Vl'<j\
'^ IX*- experienced trimmers, in -m&SEE^&2B^^^^ anc * co - or effrcts, at lyL •'•,'.'¦'.'¦ ''\\
\ \ ?- f • our bwn workrooms; the AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE gn tfvcragc of ha - f /yl ¦*/•. /*St : i : }.J
» Vt*'*oiA absolutely, correct shape j "^ ""¦¦ ¦¦"^ ¦¦ ¦¦¦ ¦¦"¦ "^^^~ ¦"¦"¦¦ "^ their real value. These /£&¦¦"/.' '•*"•" 'l^'r^h
I J^^sl \ .and properly made. Hit . \Mff*n* SgtS"&G* &£ "^ (Hi fifc shirt3 arc the famous \?&~lr?jjs&'$y
\ I value? from $6.oo to uW &&**&>&*!& nfP%&BmJ& Lion brand and other : :''/
} ?7. lo, on sale begin- " . noted makes, and come \w]j(/\' / /aff$ : &
i ning to-day at " Four- Ninety -Five." Worth Up to 98.OO in polka dots> b i ack WmVJ^/
\ The hrg e «scrtm C nt»ttbi5 extremely low price include.: Friday aitd Saturday and white and tan effects;
i ' .. . . for the two days, your choice at "fQ^
> Neat ve:v:tHiti-Trmmsd with r cm?ons and w'ngt; or- Q ur Suit and Cloak buyer, during his recent m%JC
{ n mints n neat <Jes gn, a.so ostrich tms and aigrettei. .,..,-,.. r~. ir • a • /
t , L _. j-.l .-„'¦ -^ j New York trip, secured a bargain in Ladies' Dress Mam Aisle.
I Jet Turbm«- Trmmed wi:h teauti ulyjitted breasts and ,.,..,, A ... ... rr • V Men's Nltfht Robes— Good muslin or Domet
I fancy novel y br^ds. We have them in all the new fl.t- Waists that Outrivals any Similar offering ever made fl a ; n ei?fil tenths and wTdths" only ! 5OC
? ironbrmsha es; also th- new Co onial shares, n a lblrck. j n San FrancisCO. They have JUSt arrived by ex- Men's Swell Neckwear— Made or* rich imported sil!c% \n '.
L Turbans— The lar f e drets shapes, in ylolet and blur, mad- . . .. „ . f j j Snhir- */aried assortment of the new &n effects, in _-,
) of velvet and sLk, tr mrnrd w'th wings and fii»hed w th P^SS, and \\e place tnem On Sale tO day and SatUr- f avi . i/t . baaih tec]ctf Ascoti and tyvTc . . 50C
[ n:w st;el ornaments anl buckles, also with ptm» and d a y in OUT main aisle — hundreds of new tailor made Men's Underwear— Jersey ribbed, doubie tpUced; every ',
; febrc=. nnH Hrp« wiisk in hinrk and roiors — new Taffeta* pair of drawers hw double spliced seats, the garments
' S'.vish Walking HiU-In the best far felr, t-mm-d and WaiStS in DiaCK and COlOrS new Toilets, kn ; t into , b ace, not cut and S ewn together; pearl button-,
with lar^c co^uc frath-rsand paid /flftl>E*f #»» "PCOV dc SoieS and CrepC de ChinCS, Worth Up tO $8.00 each, best facings, ete.; in fact, undergarments E* 0%
: braid; .other.: ryii.h eff.tt. trim- &&&„&& in many charming styles, fresh from the maker- J;*£?&™\FrL ST""^ ' \ Ft a
' m-dwihslk veve:. All a: *^ . ,. , tit r , Men s Kid UlovtJ — In all the prevanng shades for dress,
' MU«iV S,ilor Hat, Th- new rcund ralcr effe t, hlS UnUSed SUrplUS Of Samples, every One m. first- driving or street wear, regular and Cadet finger,; choice
: *tf&%& class condition, all of them latest designs. For the bf.thj new ,nd up-to-dat^ ,«, per • ;
1 ntwshadcj.it. . . .... . . $2.25 ,t\vo days, while quantity lasts (past experience P a . r - • • • • • • : • • • • • m . &*•&**
. .. . , t • .-i-t j 4lm -> A « t \ oi K! I \ f * t /if OO rlir **ft» m% «¦» Men S nail tlose — New imported gjeds m Jarg: assortment
• Children's IUi»-Indu K y felt, trmmel with rk cord proves the advisability Of early £g*» *&£% of embroidered ngur=i,TertkaUn a striped effects;
; and long stream r h ,.n XI iha^e and colors . . . selection), your Choice at . . . tpr%*4%J%J u Mc and c 6 ]n ., fc - 25C
. ' .- • 95cto$1.5Q .,...,.- o .. o D . \!
; Second floor— Lcjt. - Main Aisle. Section 8— Right.
' Rich Neohwoar Suits and 'Overcoats s ° £ ®i°^f Jf'SJ
! Less Than Half &**§*& *%f 42iaa—niBU^ iDg G!ovcs - 2 clas P s » >»» tans,
Re^uSai* PB*iGeS &***& OJT w&U™ff9B*M& modes, browns, slate and fast
„, , . c . f^^W 9/l# a rra 4 it* m* black, Paris point stitching either in
The balance of an nn- Jfitf*i WviUWGr &WOCn& self or white, sizes 5^ to 7; every
POrter'S Scimpl-3 lillS Of e'.e- . '^TUtffllnlullfo^ Ifthew;a-her had changed and the ra^ny teason had pair fitted and guaranteed; high-clasi,
: Slant Chiffon, net and libertV jmltll ll MS^ commenc d a month orBer you wonU new have been stylish, seasonable and serviceab'c; ,
gdlllLimiun, «"-»• <¦'">•' " u '- ll J' ll I In Ul lllHlUtl ljr i ?2l able to secure such clothing as this at the prices wi quote ,' , . _ *
: Silk CapeS, COllaretteS, M| I fl I tl j lljjM^k, now '- Owing to the backwardness of the teason we find Jl.JO gloves, pair. . $1.OO ,
mrhpS and eff^Ct (*!t ' irl I ill]- ////SBII& °«« el . v " h - a^y oveut^ked with Men's Fall and Winter Section IO— Right.
rUUieb . dl '^ LU ; t ' ,, V*" j Hiffiffi: % I \\m tWH&9& Clothng- Suits and Overcoats frcm some of the best mak- A
. Neckwear, in biack, White, black and MaW ifl^ ers in America. To reduce our stock to its normal con- g%U't*l 9 SJ
white, and white and black (about 'wMMnl Tnis d don we have planned ths sale: . C#W#ll/#*C/J S MOSG
', 150 pieces in all), on sale to-day: Men's $20.00 and $22.50 Suits for m ribbed, cotton school Hose — ,
'. <6.oo-$6. 5 c values . . $2.3O ' HHIWHSftW $I5.OO-Scme cf the ne«e« .irf choicest^ pro- BrUIiant fast black, double hcd,
f.\j.w # } ""¦**" BKimiHnBUWllwR ductions of the season. The material', ht and workman- •¦ •-, . me^ ,
! J7. 50-^9.00 Vllues . .$3.45 ffl 31 ™\TO ship are of the bf«. They us the equal of any suit sold knee and toe; pair . . . 12%O
<Q. t;o-$ 12. ">o values. . .$4.85 ffffl! iliBlWlUiniWnUUl hv exclusive clothiers at fic.os. There are p!entv of IXI ribbed, fast black, Maco cotton
$12 5 o-S 17.50 values . $6.30 Im llillll lllM\\\\\\\ thos: fa « hionabe worsteds, pre ty cverpbids Hose — Knee, heel and toe spliced <
: *,„:„ j: K}r ; Pill l\Blu\v\\\ ' ana fancy m'xtures now 10 popular The coats are cut with linen thread; the famous "No '
main Sline. . . 0^1 Ifll 1l)lUBQlU\U\\l with narrow, graceful Upe!s and shape retaining fronts .- ,,, ... . *» —
' II I|!™U\\ We can fit men of all aU from 34 ta 4i in. chrst Mcnd kmd ? P a:r • • • • 25c \
\ Dressing Sacques I Wlli S2St.^ """' $15.00 "IXSS&SZS&ZZ-
i $1.25 Values 8S0 . !|l|ill
ladies Brush* Socflwe /'"' mO^^Wf '""'I- '"' < Z'/l 'u T" P TT * •>" "v:«»,,,- .h« k« d™. « K b, in •
rippled Eiderdown, made fitted | jjlieSSg..,. g|l| coat? have hand-padded shou!d-rs, hair c oth f.onts and th- ma k t 9"
i back, loose front, wide turn over fM| |||iBfea are cut in the m« t popuar style,. You wiU pronounce IxI '„ , ' j "Australian limb's woS '.
; collar, finished with silk frog and ll|HP. SSmSO Ho,e-Merino heel and toe, double knee, •
daintily bound edges; colors, red, , uzej 5 to 9; pair 25c \
' orav nink and blue- all siz-s from Men's Stylish $!5.OO Overcoats for $11.50 -Com: to the Emporium and Children's bee Lisle Hose— Back and. colors, ,
> g ra y» r ' ' J - • you will rea lily see that we wi 1 save you just {3.50 over the brst £15.00 Overcoat bargain 3 pretqr al -over design?, told heretofore at •
I 34 to 44* a s P ecl *'• 2 > djjff^n that you can find elsewhere. W: think we sha 1 intrrcs: hundreds of men with our sale of 50c pair,sizes 5 to 9; now 3 pairs for ji.oaj
value; to-day only . . . ©>"Ww this lint of handsome black Thibet ard gray Ch-vot Overcoats. They are built with the single pair 35O '
: Main Aide. new broad .houd-^ lV.edwlth heavy serge and silk sle.v; . lining, in &tftf £f4J Section 3- Left. '
A' ' F'd A D- -?in Sac ue— New fancy the leng, loose swagger effects. Only *P m B Jf«rV«F J J •
: r toi2fSr.wMe e collar, Men's $15.00 Belt Overcoats $U.5O-New Scotch mixture, in plaW and fi-^p-rp..!,^-,,-
two silk f.og, finished with -a-in bindin; and check effects; cut long, loose s:yl-, with belted back; ths season s 'ateft creation. During C* TOGCr! CS ~LI QUOTS
' ribbon, -rrd,' gray, pink and blue... $1.15 this ;ae your unreserved choice of any of our $1 c.oo Belt OvercoaH & 4 4 SO Friday and Saturday
' O~,,,,/ /7/v,.-— /VW " " ' " '. *T..* m%0m * Butter— Choke firkin Creamery; 1b . . 25O
; Second floor front, MenV $2.50 Trousers $1.95- AU-wool cassm.es M « :dirk «,«jm,«jubfc Tomato Catiup-S^de^ Heinz', or National
. _«—«_-_—— forbnsiness or street w«r; to-day and Saturday our very specal jrice— & f QS Food Co V 25c bott'es %9O '
: Children's Coats p air - ...•••_••••••••¦••;•••• ***»•*+* Pcarnne-i-ib^cka^jfor. . .- .250 :
and Jackets at Half Bargains for Boys Royi , Satad Drejs , ns _Bottie . . . . 1 7o
i , c , -, Norfolk Suits and 3-picce Knee Pants Suits- FR boys 7 to 15 years: the Baking Powder— Our Emporium brand, the
' A laf^e number OI OrOKen 3-piccc suiu in brown and gray Scotch mixtures, the Norfolk susti in fancy mixtures, tasty money-back kind; Ib . . . 3Q O -
i lines of the highest grades SSSSvOial i •'"•"- • T °' d< - I W?§M **.35 "^^'C^U™ "— *^ :
Of beSt makeS OT miSSeS Youths' Lortci Trousers SultS-BIu: serges and cheviots, fancy mature) and ver- G Gin—Larre hottlei *"*'"* *tfsZ '
¦ in<i rhildren's outer sar- * : « ( itr '?' d eff ' cts » strictl y aU wool > ml!itar >' cut » !or ages tz to -9 &t bm% a 1 !o *. \< j- ' *,*.,'. '
dllU LIIIIUICIIO uuici. gai for ¦ $Mm5U Apricot Brandy— After dinner cord al; bottle ¦
, ments,ofwh'ch we have on y one Bo v 8 ' 'ovcrcoats-For ige, 6 to ,*6 years; Scotch tweed," and' Oxfor'd „ „ * S ° :
; two or three of a kind, now marked B ° c y r f v8) Vu^eng!h cuf, be ted backs . .:........ $5.00 White Label Stout-McMullinV, do. $t.BO j
at ha!f price. Garments that were Child's Velvet Suits -For ages 3 to 7 years, Sailer Norfolk style, in two rich colors, Cabernet Clarel— Fine red wine having ags !
$5 OO to $32.50. now vicht bue and ruby rel; novelty exch sive with tb: big store, and marked mm f%g% and body; gallon . . 82o •
\ ... $2.50 iO $16.25 °"> • • ; •;•••• " m " U \ Main floor-Rear. \
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MEN
HfeOVf •C^? fetfc ln t}?e treatment
«^<i -*^jp \9 of contra ctp<i die-
Y f, \ fttSkn I on>r a
% '' \\ - 5M"" ' vrvice such as no
%-^lV, i^a&J nth^«- physician
V^fe«W>?«*' r8B render. The
, -n*j?#-, *§/ remedies I em- :
J v^^ ~^j'"»i^??i r'">' fiave » moft
yj — =35KS :h'-rourh ami por!-
,/ 1 I 1 \ five action Jn ,
/V / V\ V e«e«i»*ta« the !
/ CSJU— "V \ \ mo:.-.branes of a'.l
pv^ '"-jry Y^> Infection and rub-
DB. O. C. J0SX.r*7 nation. My ninn-
The l,.»1in« Special!;-- | ner of application ;
insure* ar>«o!utr.
th'^rnuR-'nnesf and removes* every possibility
at rplaps«? or » chronic staKe. My cure* !
«re not only thorough, hut are accorr.-
p!i«h<'d In th* brieVst time pcfsib'e.
I also cure with th» *ame unvarying
Weakness, Varicocele, Hydrocsle,
Specific Blooil Poison and
Reflex Ailments.
My cure* are i>errr.ar.»Tit and my fees are j
fair. Satisfactory tfrrr.F can be arranged i
to si:it es r i~. ptttlent.
My pamphlet. "Live All Your Tears a !
Man." is mallei rre« upon application. :
i'( nfultati"n free at o'flr*. cr by mail.
DR. 0. C. JOSLEN, |
Corscr linker and ICexrcy St>.
Private Kntranr*. 702 Market St.
//visit DR. JORDAN'S grcat4
OF aHaTQ*m
A C3) "•-nitfc£ZI"?:T.i: 4 ..5:i*7:l.S.r.*.il. A
' f*5s6fS <"¦-«« p»«IU«'lfr»ri><i,y thf olde>t T^
0 £5£Z K CR " JQRBAN-DISEASES Of UtU A
U I S4k£O TrutTm personally tvt bjr V:t-r. A «
T A ff I* if •/¦»««>¦« CVr* in every case undertaken. \
h P 1 \\ C? "•*¦ fr " nick - 'W-OIOMV »f A
V I j J J S»l'.BUi.i:. mailed rtOi (AT
> /I. valuable book for nwr.). i
V DO JOCDA.X A. CO.. IXt Market St.. S. F. V
¦~\ TwvS ™** 13 ijjtj (*•* s- 1 _^^vi t!
t FAVORITE
SCRIPTION
R WEAK WOMEN,
Tiff EOOrS ft GUTTEES EEPAIBED.
AHLBACK * MATEE,
PLUAlUtRS AND JOBBERS.
836 EOWABD ST.
Telephone Howard 3132.
(ft I I fk B jf\ Ammunition. Huntlrs ao«
6 "B BLdill& f-portlns Good*. Until
B.I D jfin ftcck. Lowest price*, htal
O O I \ L^ tllliM'ETliARBZH CO,
"*^ 78» Hmrhtt »t- »al all
Kcaxny rt.
IA/. X. HESS.
Kctary Public anfl Attorae7-at-X»»w.
Tecti* i'ioot. Hoom 1015, Claui. SprecJtel* bid*.
Telephone Main DM.
nesl<J.enc«, 821 California at., below PowelL
Residence Telephone Jmm UOt.
Schools and Colleges.
UEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THE
WEST. 24 Post st.. Ban Francisco. Cal.
established *0 yarn. * Open entire year.
WiiU tor JHuitreted catalog* «ree}.Having perfected yourself In these right
and left leads and parries for the face
(and It cannot be done in a single lesson),
try the right and left counters for the
face, which I shall now teach you.
First, the left cross-counter for the face:
outward (to your right) by letting his
•wrist or forearm hit your right forearm,
and then throwing your arm slightly to
the right. In either case It is better to
hit his wri6t or forearm and throw it out
ward in parrying than to rely on merely
stopping his glove. For in a regular fight
he wo\ttd have on no big glove and might
Blip In past your guard were you depend
ing solely on stopping him by means of
bitting his gloro aside.
airht Hand Croti Counter to Head,
Special information . supplied daily t»
business houses and public men by tb«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen;.) 23> Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 10U.
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candles. 50c a ponnd. In artistic flre
•tehed boxes. A nlco present for Eastern
frfends. 715 Market St.. above Call bids- '
SHOT. WHILE FLEEING— G. D. S..
City. PatrloR Coffey, who was under ar
rest for larceny, escaped from the cus
tody of the officer who had him in charge
and~was shot while running- away. That
occurred September IS, 1S75.
VOTING— S.. City. If a voter is calle«l
upon to vote for eighteen Supervisors and
he votes for nineteen, that invalidates
his ballot as to those candidates.
MAMIE KELLY MURDER-G. D. S..
City Mamie Kelly was shot and killed
by Alex Goldenson on Polk street, near
Ash avenue. November 10, 1SS6.
WOMAN SUFFRAGE— H. P. O.. City.
Women In Colorado have full suffrage and
vote for all officers. Including Presidential
ARITHMETIC-J. R- S.. Lincoln. Cal
For such a book as you desire address
any first-class book seller.
Anszvcrs to Queries.
Art is like a maiden. It does not depend
upon age solely for attractiveness.— The
Pensionnaires.
"While the Englishman, I am told."
broke in Jessica, "puts it tn his wife's
name." "¦: '¦¦'.¦ ~
"Wlth us the business of cooking is too
vitally Important to be left to the ladies. "
said the French doctor.
"Different people," observed the Amer
ican husband, "wear the' ring of subjec
tion In different places— the German on
his finger, the bull In his nose, the Amer
ican In his voice."
Epigrams.
"The figures are obtained from statis
tics furnished by the Gloucester Mutual
Fishing Insurance Company, the annual
meeting of which has .just been held. The
financial loss was JS2.500 and the Insur
ance J57.598. In twenty-five years 2306
lives have been lost in the Gloucester
fishing fleet."
A Massachusetts paper gives th« num
ber of tho "banks'* fishermen claimed by
the ocean in one year. It says:
"Seventy-five lives and six vessels con
stitute Gloucester's tribute to the peril
ous waters of the North Atlantic during
the twelve months Just ended.
The Toll of the Sea.
The pungah gourd has no handle and Is
often eight to twelve inches in height and
from fourteen to eighteen inches In di
ameter. A large one will hold a hundred
dozen eggs. One lady of the early times
packed her silk wedding dress in one.
In the earlier stages of our civilization
when cooperage vessels, glass ware and
toilet articles were classed as luxuries,
the gourd took the place of most of these
articles. Our great-grandmothers used
the pungah gourd for many purposes. It
was the receptacle for lard, molasses,
sugar, coffee, fruit, eggs, preserves, salt,
soap and other household articles. It
served the purposes of the modern cans,
boxes, jugs, bottles, buckets, etc. Early
legislators valued It so highly that they
exempted It from sale by execution for
debt.
The Serviceable Gourd.
Clang!
A rush In the street.
A swift tumult and noise
Of hurrying feet.
The engines!
Good men, stout and brave
To fight a good fight 'gainst Destruction,
To rescue, to save!
Fire! •
Shontlng and cries!—
The horses, with broad, mighty chests
straining forward.
With broad, calm, intelligent eyes—
A hurling and thunderous vision! —
The roar and the beat
Of galloping hoofs dying down in the
'distance —
A hush in the street.
— S. H. temper In Everybody's.
The Alarm.
"The football contests between th© ct
dets of West Point and Annapo
lis have demonstrated the useful
ness of this sport In the training ot
the officers of the army and navy, as a
developing .Influence for hardihood, self
reliance, dash and Initiative, of both
mind and body," says a writer ia the
Illustrated Sporting News.
"Incidentally these teams hav« set a.
high and almost Ideal standard of sports
manship, free of whatever features hava
inspired adverse criticism in the conduct
and spirit of college football, and the
wisdom of those who helped to Introduce
football at West Point and Annapolis has
been confirmed by the splendid popularity
of the contests since they were resumed
in 1839, after a break of six years. Tha
college or university undergraduate, with
his free and easy curriculum and hla
wide range of individual freedom, has
small idea of the rigor of the dally cadet
life and how these young men make such
high class elevens in their limited rec
reation hours is as surprising to-day as
when they first appeared on the field to
Impress the football leaders with their
prowess.
"So far as the Washington authorities
are concerned. It seems that football 13
In favor and strongly entrenched at West
Point and Annapolis and the games be
tween the academics are safe so long as
President Roosevelt is able to speak with
authority In favor of the sport for the
army and navy. He has shown the keen
est interest in the contests and it is well
known that his opinion of football is all
that the coaches can ask."
The Nation's Footballers.
and disappeared Into the mountains Just
aa the Moslem cavalry were galloping up.
Since then his name has been constantly
In the* mouths of men. and there has been
a price upon his head.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1903.
A street sweeper of San Francisco, variously occupied
in addition to his service to the municipality as a thief,
burglar and a "fence" for thieves, has by strict attention to
business accumulated a nest-egg of twenty. thousand dollars
in five years. And now who wouldn't go West and grow
Australia has suffered from a variety of natural and ac
quired misfortunes and has earned the respect of the world
in her stubborn determination to overcome them. She
has -now to nerve herself for a sterner trial than any she
has faced and fought. She is to be afflicted by the residence
of John Alexander Dowie, and may the good wishes of the
world go forth to her.
» .
An attorney in New York, pleading for an anarchist who
has been ordered deported from this country, asked the
court to believe that anarchy is a religion, not a crime. It is
very evident that at least one lawyer ought to accompany
an anarchist abroad. The opinions of John Alexander Dowie,
must be bearing fruit in Manhattan. ¦" b~ ~~
move ycrur head Eharply to the right and
at the same time lead for his face with
vour left. The result will be that his blow
wll! po harmlessly past your head and
your left fist will catch him squarely in
the face. When I say "move your head
to the right" I do not mean "turn your
hfad Eideways." but. keeping your face
Bt:il toward him, move the whole head
(Just as you used to move It fn dodging a
parental box on the car). Ills blow will
go where your face ought to be, but will
merely encounter thin air. Tour left will
hit his unprotected face, and hi« own lm
• petu« will lend force to your blow as he
runs Into it.
The Hglit cross-counter for the face is
eomewhat similar:
Let your sparring partner atjn'n l<*ad
fcr ycur face with his left. This time
Some very worthy missionaries of New York have de
cided that as importers of tea from India they are a distinct
and glittering failure. If they would reach the same conclu
sion in reference to their other importations from the Orient
they would have the satisfaction of doing some good in the
world and would relieve the rest of us from the importunities
of oriental impostors. .
Boris Sarafoff, whose death Is again re
ported and again denied, swore his ven
detta against the Turks at a time when
he was a schoolbrty at Salonlca and saw
hia father imprisoned there and banished
without trial to Asia Minor. HI3 first
active operations took place in 1S35. In
that year he crossed the Macedonian
border, and descended upon the town of
Melnlk. There he cut the telegraph
wires, overpowered the guard of the
Turkish Prefecture, turned the Bulgarian
prisoners out of the jail, and threw the
Prefect in. The garrison, 100 strong, at
tacked, his force, but half of them were
killed and the remainder fled. Then
Sarafoff burnt the government buildings,
The. London Westminster Gazette gives
the following account of the Implacable
hatred of the Turks of Sarafoff, the Mace
donian leader: \: '.-'.. '.;
Vengeful Vendetta.
Left Kand Counter to Head.
The intrepid Alameda youth who solicited and re
ceived a season in jail as a protection against the vagaries
of a perpetual jag has repented of his action -and wants to
set the wheels of state in motion to be relieved of durance
vile. It is strange how some people just miss being great
To sink from the height of unreasoning fanaticism to the
dreary levef of commonplace remorse and backsliding is a
The Governor of Oregon, rising. to meet the vital neces
sities of his high position, has declared that between two
evils, one the calling of an extra session of.the Oregon Leg
islature and the other a threatened bankruptcy of the city
of Portland because of a lack of funds with which -to
operate the municipality, the latter is immeasurably the
less. Can it be possible that some of our California solons
have slipped across the border and are serving Oregon as
they served us?
In a discussion of Macedonian affairs a „ Berkeley pro
fessor has unloosed his burden of information, and in the
scattering scraps we discover his opinion that official life
in American cities is as corrupt as it is in Macedonia. Con
siderable weight is given to the pedagogue's interesting re
mark by the probable fact that the gentleman knows noth
ing about Macedonia except by' hearsay, and less about the
government of our cities.
Those of us who believe that the New
Zealand Maori lives in trees and wesrrs
whiskers like a door mat, as our old geo
graphy used to depict him, will be sur
prised to read that the golf championship
of New Zealand was won the other day
by a Maori player named Tareha, be
longing to the Hawkes Bay district.
Hawkes Bay Is the nursery of Maori
sport, and It is thence that most of the
Native footballers come. Te Aute College,
for Maori and half-caste youths, the chief
of the native schools In the colony, is
also there. It- will be amusing to. hear
what the Scotchmen down In Otago have
to say to this capture of the golf trophy
by a simple Maori from the North Is
land. • The Chinese about Dunedin best
them sometimes in getting government
contracts,and If the aborigines are to beat
them at the national, game it would seem
to bo time to go In for a change of some
sort.
Maori Golf Champion.
A reward of $5000- has been offered by the Santa Fe
Railroad for information that will lead to the apprehension
of the demons that recently wrecked th.e train eastbound
from Denver. Praiseworthy as is this offer of the railroad
people, it should not be needed as a spur to any one to con
sider a train-wrecker as beyond the pale of all civilized
mercy, as an outlaw who should be hunted down and de
stroyed, as worse than a savage* animal.
"Many and varied are the schemes con
cocted by the criminals who are in the
business of cashing worthless checks,"
said the police captain, becoming remin
iscent, "but for consummative nerve the
Inventive crook who utilized cream puffs
as an adjunct to prey on the gullible is
entitled to first money.
"To accomplish his purpose this indi
vidual made use of the warm, friendship
existing between a baker and a grocer
whose stores were opposite to each other
on the same street.* Entering the baker's
shop one day, the crook at once placed
an order for 100 cream puffs, which he
paid for, representing that he wanted to
give an orphan asylum an unexpected
treat.
"After leaving the baker the crook went
across the street to the grocer and or
dered $40 worth of goods. Then he ten
dered in payment a 'phoney' check for
$100. The grocer hesitated and the crook,
to disarm suspicion, said:
" 'That's all right. The baker across
the street will vouch for me.' "*
"The grocer followed by the crook,
went to his front door and, (teeing the
baker standing in front of his shop,
shouted as he pointed to his customer:
" 'Is he good for a hundred?* .
"The grocer, of course, referred to the
check, but the baker, thinking his friend
meant the cream puffs, yelled back:
"'Sure, he's all rieht.'
"And the grocer thereupon cashed the
check."
Money in Cream Puffs.
Polygamy is not the only Mormon evil. When any
church dictates, and has the power to dictate, and practices
dictation to its members in politics, it is as dangerous as
anarchy to the life of this republic. It is that dictation
that must be prohibited. Any vote cast in obedience to it
must be made an illegal ballot, and any election secured
by such ballots must be made void. The fiddle-faddle about
denying Apostle Smoot his seat in the Senate is inconse
quential. It cannot be done. But the bars that were left
down when Utah, Idaho and Wyoming were made States
can be put up in the case of New Mexico and Arizona.
THE political aspirations of the Mormon church are
publicly manifested. As a form of religion no one has
logically any other than a religious quarrel with
Mormonism, such as is chronic between all the diverse forms
by which men choose to interpret their relations to the
universe. But the Mormon hierarchy was long politically
dominant in the State of Deseret and the Territory of
Utah. It instituted polygamy and church divorce, and
though by political necessity compelled to abandon them in
order to secure admission of .Utah to the Union, it has
never relinquished the hope of getting back through politics
what it lost by politics. It is industriously colonizing
Idaho, Wyoming, Arizona and New Mexico, and hopes
with Utah to finally control five. States, with ultimate de
.signs on Montana and Nevada.
While the church works through politics it has no par
tisan politics. The two Utah Senators are Republicans, but
one, Mr. Kearns, is a Gentile. It is the policy of the
church to displace him, and in doing so to secure a member
in each party caucus in the Senate. So the next -Legislature
of Utah will be Democratic, and a Mormon Democrat will
go to the Senate in place of Mr. Kearns. All this is fore
shadowed in the Salt Lake City election. The result was a
Democratic victory, a large majority of the elected officers
being Mormons, and their success was openly approved
by Apostle and United States Senator Smoot!
The Mormon policy raises a question embarrassing to
the statehood of Arizona and New Mexico. They are in the
Mormon f net, and should escape it first before they are
permitted to come into the Union. When they come the
enabling act admitting them and their State constitutions
should contain stronger guaranties than were exacted from
Utah.
MORMON POLITICS. n
"We were trying to catch a 'pie-gow*
game and had disguised as Chinese. In
order to reach the room we had to climb
over a number of roofs. While doing so
we had Just lowered ourselves over a high
partition to the top of the butcher shop,
when a big black bear looked us in the
eye. We had left our weapons behind
and were too frightened to speak. Stealth
ily we made for the trap door and climbed
down the ladder. At the bottom, we de
manded an explanation as soon as we
could breathe again. When the bear
heard our voices he came to the opening
above, snarled and tried to scratch the
roof off.
" 'He no llkee Melican man. Chinaman
good Blend,' said a Chinese who was
sorting out ducks. 'You foolo blear. Now
he sabee: he hear you talk/e. He bellle
much mad.'
"Had we called for help on the roof
there would have been two vacancies in
the department."
"A bear's affection for Chinamen and
the fact that we were too scared to talk
saved two of us from being chewed up
or clawed to pieces the other night," said
Policeman Barry of Corporal Sylvester's
Chinatown squad. "For once in. our lives
we did not object to Delng taken for
heathens.
"There is a monster black bear on the
roof of Ah Chuck's butcher shop at 36
Fish alley. He was brought to these
parts when a cub and. that he might
be out of the way, was shoved up through
a trap door to the roof. The Tbutcher for
got to take him down soon enough, so he
grew too big to come back through the
trap door, and when he does land on terra
firma again he will have to be in quarter
sections.
Fooled the Bear.
Gold leaf is then laid on to the rod,
completely covering the polished sur
face, and -the "glided" rod is then drawn
again and again through the steel dies
until it becomes too fine for its hole3.
The "gem draw plates" are then brought
into action and the drawing process is
continued until the wire is about .002
to .003 inch in diameter — that is, about
as fine as the hair on a baby's head.
Wax, oil or soap is employed to lubricate
the -wire '.during the operation, and oc
casionally the wire Is annealed by being
wound on copper cylinders and laid On
a charcoal fire for a few minutes. Tho
result of the series of drawing is to pull
a silver rod about 'one and three-quarter
inches in diameter and two feet- six
Inches long, coated with but one layer of
gold leaf, into a wire which, if pot cut,
would extend 400 to 600 miles from the
wire drawer's workshop.
Silver ingots are "grained" by melting
the metal and running It into water,
where it takes a granular form. Tho
granules aro remelted and poured" into
molds, which make silver bars, which
are hammered into rods about two inches
in diameter. The hammering makes the
"metal more compact. One end of the
rod is pointed, and the point inserted
through a hole of a steel die, A clamp is
screwed to the pointed end and a chain,
which runs around a revolving drum, ia
attached to the clamp. The machine is
started and the silver rod is pulled
through the hole, which diminishes its
diameter arid gives the rod. a mirror
like polish.
Rubies, sapphires and diamonds, with
microscopic holes drilled through them,
are the "gem draw plates" made in
France, where the method of drilling
precious stones to such almost unbe
lievable fineness is kept a close trade
secret. It is through these brilliants
that gold, silver, platinum and the silver
gilt are drawn down to attenuated fila
ments which can only be measured by -a
comparison of weights. Pure gold wire
is not a commercial commodity, but a
large amount of gold-plated silver wire
is used in the manufacture of gold lace,
embroideries, trimmings, etc.
This has been called "the age of wire."
for almost everything in common use
has more or less wire in Its make-up.
If, in some way, all the wire In this coun
try were suddenly destroyed, business,
manufacturing, mining, transportation
and farming would stop. Any time a
storm brings down the wires between
two centers of population business and
commerce are hampered if not seriously
embarrassed. One has but to glance
around to appreciate the fact — not com
monly recognized — that wire is an essen
tial to one's everyday llf». In the com
monest things — pins, needles, nails, win
dow screens, bed springs, picture cord,
watch springs, brooms, fruit boxes,
pianos, women's hats, hairpins, shoes,
books, magazines, umbrellas, spectacles,
kitchen utensils, watch chains, scarf
pins, fences and so on — wire forms the
whole or part. Great cables, which can
withstand a pull 0$ 150 tons, and bolting
cloth which has 40,000 meshes to the
square inch are made of wire, and all of
the precious and useful metals and their
alloys are drawn through steel dies or
"gem draw plates" to meet requirements
which call for wire.
The human hair is about one three-hun
dredth of an inch in diameter and the
silk worm's fiber Is about one five-thou
sandth of an Inch across, but platinum
wire has been made so fine that 25,000
wires, eld.; by side, would measure but
one inch across, and It is a matter of
record that some years ago a wire worker
namod WoMaston. by silver plating the
platinum, secured a wire the three one
hundred-thousandth part cf an inch in
diameter, wire which weighed one and a
quarter grains to the mile. The silver
plate aided him in that it held the plati
num until it could bo drawn no finer.
Then the silver was eaten off by nitric
acid, and the result was a wire which
could not be seen by the unaided eye.
Aluminum has been drawn so fine that
one ounce of the metal made 34,200 feet
— over six miles — of wire, but It must be
remembered that aluminum is the lightest
of the useful metals. Iron wire has been
secured so fine drawn that forty miles of
It weighed but one pound, and in England
Is a coll of hard copper wire which weighs
eleven pounds and tlli wire In one un
broken length is 1C0 miles long. It .taxes
one's credulity to learn that iron, steel,
copper and other metals can be drawn
and stretched to such degrees of fineness,
yet the silver-gilt wire used in the man
ufacture of "gold lace" for uniforms and
tassels — an ordinary everyday product
runs from 1500 to 2500 yards to the ounce
and It has been figured out that 50,000
hair springs for watches are made from
one pouni of steel.
• • •
Wire cf such extraordinary fineness
that a little over 400 pounds of it would
girdle the earth will be one of the uncom
mon things rhown at the World's Fair in
St. Louis next year. This wire will be so
exquisitely delicate that special • means
will have to be employed that it may be
s^en. Practically it will be Invisible, for
it will be something less than one twenty
five thousandth pert of an Inch In diame
ter. This wire will be made from a gold
plated silver rod and it will run about
0500 yards in length to every ounce in
weight.
BT MALCOLM McDOWELL.
< Author of "Shop Tali; on the "Wonders of the
Craft.")
The Age of Wire.
Now for the right lead to the face.
Stand 0:1 fjuard. Leave your left arm in
the regular position. Lead with your
right har.d for your sparring partner's
face. Let the hand go in a straight line
(frcm its position in guarding your solar
; k-iUEi to his face, rising- at the same
time on the toe of the right foot to add
force to the blow. Do not bend the knees,
but put shoulder and weight Into the
blow as in the left lead. Keep the left
foot Cat on the gTound. Do not twist the
body awkwardly, as is sometimes the ten
dency when thus leading with the right.
To guard a right hand lead for the face
raise the left arm, keeping the elbow
lower than the wrist, throwing the fore
arm out and upward and turning the hand
out. Try to catch the blow on the fleshy
part of the forearm; or, when more ex
pert, merely push your opponent's blow
a loft lead for the fact-, end how to parry
your opponent's left lead. You and your
tparrlng partner murt practice that lead
and parry conscientiously, over and over
again, for It Is very Important. Let the
shoulder po with the blow to add force.
Don't stand stiffly, but put the weight of
the body Into each blow. By this I do not
irean r«,u are to "slug." Slugging Is not
boxing. It is to be avoided in all friendly
bouts. But you can put shoulder and
m eight into a blow without knocking your
opponent's head off. Lead ligtitly. but
with power, so that you could, if neces
sary, icr.d to the blow all the weight and
strength of your body. Let me repeat
my caution of last week not to draw back
your arm before leading. Lead from the
rcgwiar position In which your left hand
rtFts when you are on guard. If you draw
keck your arm preliminary to striking it
does not add force to the blow and it
rams your antagonist what your ere go
ingt to do.
Last week I taught you how to deliver
(Atbtede Exi*rt >:ctt York Ever.lne World,
Authcr of "Mu:?r!* liuiMlng." otc.)
Boys' Boxing Lesson.
T?T ALBERT PATSON TF.RHl'NE.
Read another way; for his utterance is an' anagram, he
may mean that he adopts as his own the view of President
Roosevelt taken by the New York Sun and other trust
organs. According to that the President has disturbed
the business interests of the country by enforcing the anti
trust laws and compelling the situation which discloses
Schwab and Morgan and other high financiers as promoters
of jobs to induce the public to invest in water, supposing it
to be stocks that represented only the actual value of such
combined properties as those of the ship-building trust.
Read that way, and there is every reason for believing that
to # be his meaning, the Senator issues his anagram as a
grand hailing sign to • the hydraulic financiers that help
cometh from "My Maryland," and if their scheme can only
hold water till Mr. Gorman gets into the White House it
will go to par.
Of course he will not publicly put it that way. He
works along the color line, and accuses the President of
disturbing the harmonious relations of the North and South,
S'» necessary to business, by insisting that the constitution
is the fundamental law and that under it there is equality
in the common rights of humanity. The Sun and the
other trust organs in New York made that issue against the
President. It is not original with* Mr. Gorman. The two
Morgans, J. P. and J. T., differ less than by their middle
initials on that subject and would pull harmoniously in Mr.
Gorman's tug-of-war. Of course it would never do for
the trust newspapers to put their real reason for opposing
President Roosevelt, so they made the usual appeal to
prejudice and .raised the race issue.
The people are ready to end the traditional prejudices
of the Civil War by hanging the Republican bloody shirt
on Mr. Gorman's Democratic color line to dry while they
go on in the path of reason and equal rights and against
special privileges., It will be very difficult for Mr. Gorman
to make a distinction favorable to him between the honest
policies required for the prosperity, of the country, which
will present him as an exponent of that which is wisest and
best. When he chooses to state frankly his belief, judging
by his position on the Wilson tariff bill and sound money,
he will say that he believes in protection and the gold stan
dard*. Then the people will say to him: "Go to; so does
President Roosevelt, who has been tried and not found
wanting.'^
That is a Delphic utterance. -The Senator furnishes no
interpretation. His party, ever since 1896, has been pro
posing radical action that would have destroyed and not
merely disturbed the. business interests of the country. Dur
ing all that time the Republican party, materially aided by
the Gold Democracy, has been safeguarding and promoting
those interests. Does the Senator mean that his victory
means that he indorses the Republican record and has com
pelled his party in Maryland to surrender?
SENATOR GORMAN carried Maryland by 8000 major
ity. It puts him in the Presidential field, and Sen
ator Morgan says that he will have the support of the
solid South for the nomination. Interviewed about the
result, Mr. Gorman said: "I regard the result of yester- 1
day's election in Maryland as a protest against further radi
cal action intended to disturb the business interests of the
country." .
"Well, sir. Timber-leg had Just won that
amount -on a race that day and he draws
It .out of his jeans with a soft light shinln'
in his eyes. 'Put up your money,' says he.
"They puts .up their money In a little
pile on the ground, and then Timber-leg
sticks' that patent 'back ackshuri leg of
his, pants and all. In the bucket of hot
water and reaches for the hundred."
"One day a two-year-old over at the
track fell down and strained herself and
Timber-leg he took her 'round -behind the
stable and began to bathe her leg with
water bilin' hot. "Well, sir, one of these
Society for Prevention of CusBedness to
Dumb Crittera who was moo.chln' 'round
to spot just such business— he gallyvants
up to Tlmber-lesr and says:
" 'Stop that Instantly. Aren't you
ashamed to put water on that horse's
leg which is bo billn* hot that you
wouldn't Dut it on your own?*
" 'Who says I'm skeered to put It on
-my ownr says Timber-leg, kinder soft
and persuadln'.
. " 'I says that, and what's more I have
fifty dollars which says the Bame thing,'
says the society man, who was once a
sport by his own words.
"Misfortune's good as an insurance pol
icy to some men," mused "Quartz" Bil
lings over the top of his foaming schooner
down at Manila Jack's place. "Some men
is pestered some by misfortune, and agin
there's some as have to keep dodgin' to
keep misfortune from doln' them a good
turn. Now there, was Timber-leg Tuthlll.
"Old Timber-leg fell down a atope in
the Never-Touched-Me mine up in Was
hoe some years gone and he didn't tend
to his underpinnln' sufficient arter one
of 'em was broke. Consequence they
hikes him to- a hoiisepiddle down Reno
way and off with one of his legs.
"He comes down here arter his dis
charge and gets a job as stableman over
in the Emeryville racetrack. With his
first savings he gdes to one of these pa
per mashay studios over here in the city
and buys him an artificial leg. It was
that leg what 'did the business.
Timber-Leg's Misfortune.
FOR the first time in the history of the Latin-American
states, there is a revolution that means more than
power and plunder. When the "Congress at Bogota Te
jeeted the canal treaty with the United States, and during the
proceedings captured and held the official dispatches to our
Minister and his to the State Department, cutting off all
communication with our official representative, The Call
predicted the revolution that has just broken out.
The people of the isthmus want "the canal. The Pariama
railroad has given them contact and experience with the
world's civilization and commerce. While they are out
numbered by the non-isthmian provinces, they have the
intelligence and the enterprise of Colombia within their
borders. With great commercial opportunities near to them
they find themselves hampered and held back by a vicious
Government and a financial system that is a farce. Their
rate of exchange is about 1200, meaning that one dollar in
the world's money is worth 1200 dollars in the money in
which their Government compels them to do business. They
looked forward to a betterment of conditions when the
world's highway between the oceans- was built across their
territory. These aspirations were sane and praiseworthy.
But a weak executive and a corrupt Congress defeated
them, and managed to do it in a way that was such an in
sult to the' United States as- to warrant the withdrawal of
our Minister from Bogota.
The expected revolution on the isthmus follows. The
Bogota Government has met it in the usual uncivilized
way, by a bombardment without notice and the intercep
tion of the dispatches of our Government to the command
ers of our warships, to prevent their presence at the scene,
where they would have forbidden the barbarous bombard
ment. It is obvious that the United States cannot take ac
tive steps to aid the revolution. Though it might be in the
interest of civilization, it would not conform to our inter
national obligations. But, clearly within our rights, we can
passively contribute to the success of a praiseworthy as
piration.
Under our treaty with Colombia we assume the respon
sibility of protecting the. operation and the neutrality of the
Panama railway. We can prevent its use for military pur
poses by the Bogota Government, and we can prohibit the
bombardment of Panama or Colon. The, revolutionary
forces are already on the isthmus, for they constitute the
inhabitants. They do not have to use the railway to get
there, but the predatory Government from which they se-
cede must use it to make effective resistance. Denied the
right to bombard, that Government finds its gunboats quite
useless, and while it is making overland marches to get
at the seat of war, such time will elapse as to give our
Government the clear right to accord belligerency to the
revolutionists and to recfognize theirs .as a government de
tacto, as is our settled practice in dealing with the effer
vescent Latin-American states.
These two steps, which violate no principle of interna
tional law, go far toward enabling the crystallization of a
government de jure. All Europe recognizes our hegemony
of this hemisphere and willingly concedes our right to pro
tect our own and the nationals of other powers while the
trouble is on.
The practice of the Latin-American Governments - of.
stealing our official dispatches to our Ministers and our
fleet commanders suggests a desirable change in our naval
policy. Our naval officers should be trusted with a larger
discretion. Suddenly developed situations like this should
be dealt with primarily by them, using their best judgment.
They are trained men, of necessity learned in international
law, and they have the .power to communicate with our
Ministers and Consuls General near the scene of action.
They should have the power to use a wise discretion and
say to an uneasy an'd half-savage people, ."Thou shalt and
thou shalt not."
While our Government, as we have safd. may only pas
sively and within its rights do anything to aid the rigiiteous
revolution, it is conceivable that many Americans, who
understand the situation and, looking at the map, see.
the slender attachment of the isthmus to the body of Co
lombia, may conclude to do some work there on their own
account, and if they conclude, in sufficient numbers, to put
their hands to the cutting of the isthmus from the body
that misuses it, the work will be done effectively.
Looking to our interest in the canal, there is obvious
propriety in having that waterway entirely in the joint con
trol of the United States and a people who are all interested
in it. The creation of a purely isthmian state, advanced and
self-governing, to be traversed by the. canal, is required by
the world's commerce. The great body of Colombia, being
remote from the canal, with an immobile people who
would never see it and who would appreciate it only as
something new to be plundered if possible, has no more
right to control it in any degree than the savages of the
Congo basin.
THE COLOMBIAN REVOLUTION.
In next week's lesson we v.il} take up
body blows and their guards, as well as
several more advanced steps In boxing.
In the meantime remember I am al
ways plf»d to answer any questions in re
gard to such points as are not perfectly
clear to you, or to give additional advice
on the subject of dipt, training, etc. Write
to me on any of these subjects and I shall
be glad to advise you personally to the
very bP5t of my ability.
You cannot hope to learn everything all
nt efnee, but if you will each week prac
tice dally all the lessons that I have
taught you up to that time you will soon
Snd yourself "getting the hang of it."
There is no other exercise half to inter
esting and exciting .as boxing, and once
you get fairly Into it you will Join the
mightv army of enthusiasts.
You now have the right and left leads
and parries for the face and the right and
Iftt cross-counters for the face. Those
should keep you busy for somo time.
Let me suggest that you cut out each
of these articles and • save them. They
will come In handy even after you are
further advanced, and you will need to
refer to thorn from time to time.
Remember this seemingly unimportant
maxim, as It* will save confusion later on:
Never Lend either knee in any lead,
counter or parry for the. face. The knee
phouH only be bent in delivering body
blows, and those I ehall take up In our
next lesson.
Theee two counters are among the most
effective tricks In boxing, and they are
extremely simple. But they require prac
tice — constant, careful practice— as does
every maneuver I have taught or shall
teach you.
move your head to the left Instead .of to
the right, and lead for his face with your
rigrht. But bring; ycur right arm around
outside of his arm (that 13, to tho right of
It), so that your blow will reach his face
instead of merely colliding with, his out
stretched left arm. ¦
GORMAN'S REMARK.
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL.
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor . . .'• . ., . ... Address Afl Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office '. . *^g|||fe> * * -™ Td ¦**' Market Streets, .3. F.
FRIDAY... .;....'.... • • NOVEMBER 6, 1903
Stand on guard. Let your sparring part
ner lead for your face with his left. Now.
as you are standing his blow would strike
you fairly In the middle of your perspir
ing countenance. But as the blow comes
6
INSTRUCTIVE STUDENTS
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESREDDING, Nov. 5.— Early this morn-
Ing in the office building of Superintend
ent J.B. Scott, a gallon case of gasoline
exploded. A few minutes later another
explosion ' occurred - from an unknown
source. It had all the, power of dynamite,
though none of: that explosive was known
to be in the building. It hurled . timbers
in every direction. A f flying fragment
struck ' Lt E. Bailey, a miner, seriously
bruising him.
Explosion Scatters the Timbers.
The ranch, whicH is a highly, improved
piece of property; will form part of the
site of the immense reservoir the Bay
Cities Water Company Is to build there.
Between 1500 and 1S00 acres will be in the
reservoir, and the entire Spreckels ranch
will be covered with water many feet
deep. The ¦ water company has acquired
Immense holdings at Coyote and this last
purchase, . with a strip of land they are
seeking to have condemned In rourt, will
give them, complete control of the big
water supply there.
SAN JOSB, Nov. 5.— The A. B. Spreck
els ranch at Coyote station, ten miles
south of this city, has been sold to the
Bay Cities "Water Company. Possession
will be given the purchaser on January 1.
The price is between $90,000 and 5100,000.
There are 600 acres In the ranch, which
was formerly the Polhemus stock farm.
Mr. Spreckels has been conducting the
place as a stock farm and dairy and rais
ing a large number of hogs. The stock
will now be sold.
Spreckels Property at Coyote Station
Purchased by Bay Cities
Company.
"WATER WILL TRANSFORM
'RANCH INTO RE'SERVOIR
Governor Dole says that the majority
of the new settlers on tho public lands
last year were white men.
He recommends that a limited immigra
tion of Chinese laborers to the Territory
be permitted, conditioned upon their en
gaging only In agricultural, mill and do
mestic work for hire during their stay,,
and subject to deportation at their own
expense upon their ceasing to do so. -
WASHINGTON, Nov. 5.— Governor San
ford B. "Dole, chief executive of the Ter
ritory of Hawaii, expresses the opinion
In his annual report to the Secretary of
the Treasury that "unless there should
be a larger Immigration of American set
tlers than now seems probable the pres
ent numerical Inferiority of those who
may be classed as belonging to the Teu
tonic race as compared'with the Hawall
ans will in a few years become a still
greater Inferiority as compared with the
American citizens of the Hawaiian, Por
tuguese, Japanese and Chinese races."
This opinion Is based on conditions In
the schools. The American and European
children In these schools, not Including
Portuguese and Porto Ricans, number
1505, an increase of only eighteen more
than the previous year, while the Hawaii
an, Portuguese, Japanese and Chinese
children in the schools number 16,299, an
increase of 945. Among references In the
report to social conditions In Hawaii are
the following:
There are many marriages between Hawaiian
women and white men and a few between
•white women and Chinamen. The offspring of
both classes of marriages are an Improvement
as a rule over the Hawaiian In business. The
Portuguese generally Intermarry among them
eelves. The same is true with the Japanese.
Part Hawailans as a class are increasing:,
and the rate of decrease of the pure Hawaiian
appears to be a diminishing one.
The report says the statistics show a
steady increase in the last three years in
the production of sugar and an Increase
in the shipments outside the Territory.
Coffee shipments show an increase of
720,000 pounds over the previous year, but
a decrease of 6S9.0S0 pounds compared
with the year ended June 30, 1901. Rice,
the report says, Is inevitably a diminish
ing product, both from the competition of
the new rice fields of Texas and Louisi
ana and the diminishing numbers of Chi
nese in the Territory.
Governor Dole Reviews
Conditions in the
Islands.
HAWAII INVITES
WHITE SETTLERS
that the Bethlehem directors declare a
dividend to save the Shipbuilding Com
pany, and. later, at two subsequent meet
ings of the Bethlehem directors, in acqui
escing-in resolutions declaring it Inexpe*
dlent to declare such a dividend. He also
brought out that Nixon had voted for
the resolution for the expenditures Tor
betterments.
This was the means, so Receiver Smith
charges, by which earnings were diverted
from dividends to needless improvements.
Guthrie took up figures from the finan
cial reports of the Bethlehem company to
show Its inability to pay dividends. Un
termeyer, from the same reports, attempt
ed to show that expenditures for better
ments and new material were excessive
and that the company might well have
declared a dividend had it so desired. He
was questioning Nixon about the trip of
examination made by Bethlehem and Car
negie officials to determine means of im
proving the Bethlehem plant when the
hearing closed for the day. /
The re-direct examination of Nixon will
be resumed to-morrow afternoon and
Charles M. Schwab may be called to the
stand later in the day.
PORTLAND. Nov. 5.— Lying in shallow
water, opposite the shipyards of Joseph
Supple, the steamer Sue H. Elmore of
Astoria defies all efforts to move her Into
the channel. The powerful towboat Ock
lh-hama of the Orepon Railroad and Nav
igation Company fleet was dispatched to
the scene this morning. A line was passed
to the Elmore, but though the big steam
tup hauled for about an hour ehe was
unsuccessful in reaching the channel with
her tow and the attempt was abandoned
until the vessel could be lightered.
Mud Holds Astoria Steamer.
WOMAN ASKS THE DEAD
TO ARISE FROM COFFIN
Members of a Mission in Eureka
Have a Queer Ceremonial at
Grave.
EUREKA, Nov. 5.— Or.* of the most sur
prising capes of religious fanaticism that
has occurred In these parts was that In
which members of the Penlel mission of
Eureka attempted to raise the dead by
prayer before a body was lowered Into
a grave yesterday afternoon.
Mrs. Aiice Scow, who while in life had
been associated with the mission, died
three days aj?o, and many prayers had
been offered at the mission to have her
life spared. After the services had been
held at the grave yesterday and the box
containing the body had been lowered
into the grave four women of the Peniel
mission stepped to the edge of the grave
and asked that the box be lifted out
again, which was done. An undertaker
was called upen to open the box and
raise the head l!d cf the coffin. He did
so, and the women knelt about on the
gTound. One of the women commanded
the corpse to rise and made ineffectual
attempts to have the coffin lid taken eri
t'rely off bo that the dead might awaken.
The box was finally closed again and
lowered into the grave.
LAND OFFICE CHIEF
CALLS ON GOVERNOR
Commissioner Richards Arrives at
Sacramento, but Declines to
Talk of Frauds.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 5.-W. A. Rich
ards Commissioner of the General Land
Office at Washington, D. C, arrived In
Sacramento to-day, accompanied by his
two daughters, and proceeded to Castella.
Shasta County, to visit his brother, who
is an old resident of that locality. While
in Sacramento Commissioner Richards
visited Governor Pardee.
In an in'-eiview to-night he declined to
discuss the recent disclosures concerning
l?nd frauds stating that his -visit to Cal
ifornia was one of a social character. Ha
stated, however, that all entries in Cali
fornia and Nevada had been held up
pending investigation by his department,
which was being carried on with as much
facility as the number of inspectors would
permit.
ABJZONA RANCH IiAND
BRINGS NEAR A MILLION
Three Hundred Thousand Acres Sold
With Cattle of Blood and Great
Value.
TUCSON, Ariz.. Nov. 5.— "W. C. Greene,
president cf the Cananea Copper Com
pany, has closed a deal with the owners
of the San Rafael ranch whereby the
ranch and cattle pass into the possession
of the Greene Cattle Company.
The purchase price for the land alone
Is $900,000. There are nearly 300,000 acres
of land involved In the transfer. The
price paid for the range cattle is $16 per
head and for blooded stock $100 per head.
The' total amount paid for the cattle will
exceed $300,000. The San Rafael ranch
possesses the finest herd of blooded Here
fords in Arizona. The ranch was owned
by Colin Cameron, Brewster Cameron and
several residents of St. Louis.
Advancement for Major Rethers.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. E.— Adjutant Gen
eral Stone has Issued an order detailing
Major Theodore Rethers of San Francisco,
surgeon, sanitary corps, N. G. C, as a
member of the medical examining board,
N. G. C, vice Colonel McCarthy, placed
on the retired list.
Whist Players Will Contest.
XAPA, Nov. 5.— The "Winship trophy
cemmittee arrived this morning with a
challenge directed against the Armijo
Club whist team of Suisun from the Val
lejo whist team for a match for the hand
some Winship trophy, now held by the
Suisun team. Suisun won it from the
Napa team. The committee will make ar
rangements Immediately for a contest,
which will bo held in Suisun. The Val
lejo team has the reputation of being a
strong one.
By agreement of the counsel the protest
was stricken from the record, but Nixon
thereafter during the hearing Insisted
that if he were to answer questions he
should be allowed to make the necessary
explanations.
Besides asking Nixon about the organ
ization of the shipbuilding company, the
valuations put upon the constituent com
panies and the methods by which they
were reached, Guthrie too** up the alleged
withholding of dividends by the Bethle
hem company, an action which, accord
ing to the charges of Receiver Smith, con
templated the wrecking of the company.
Guthrie placed In contrast Nixon's at
titude in demanding, by letter to Presi
dent Mcllvain of the Bethlehem company,
Nixon was on the stand all day. His
cross-examination was finished and the
re-direct examination partly completed.
At the opening of the afternoon session
he presented a personal protest, in which
he declared that Guthrie, In consultation
with Max Pam. .had adopted a line of
questioning designed to place him in a
false and discreditable position regarding
the sale of his plant to the Shipbuilding:
consolidation. The protest was angry and
bitter In tone and intimated that Guthrie
had been unfair in asking him to answer
from memory questions about the finances
of his company without opportunity to
look up the details, while Guthrie had
had the benefit of a full investigation of
tho figures.
NEW YORK. Nov. 5.— The features of
to-day's session of the hearing In the
United States Shipbuilding case were the
bitter attacks made by Lewis Nixon upon
¦William D. Guthrie, counsel for the de
fendants and representative of the In
terests of Charles Schwab, for his meth
ods of conducting cross-examination;
leading questions by Untermeyer, counsel
for the complainants, as to the absence
of competition between the Bethlehem
Steel Company and the Carnegie plant- of
the United States Steel Corporation in
Government contracts for armor plate,
and the entire change of front of Guthrie,
who heretofore had aimed to bring out the
fact that the value of constituent plants
of the United States Shipbuilding Compa
ny was not overestimated.
To-day Guthrie adopted a line of ques
tioning designed to show' that the esti
mates of value were made by the pro
moter, the vendors and other interested
or Inexpert appraisers, and were practi
cally worthless in determining the exact
value of the plants and the assets of the
consolidation.
Lewis Nixon, While on the Witness
Stand, Bitterly Attacks the
Counsel for the De
fendants.
Seeks to Frove That Value3
of Plants Were Over
estimated.
The knives, forks and other utensils
usually kept about the place were gone
er.d everything else of any value had been
taken away. Mendora had two pack
horees end a good saddle. The animals
have been found but the saddle is rr.'.ss-
Mendoza waa lying on his back on a
bed. A piece of rope was fastened around
the dead man's neck. The rope was about
ten feet long and the noose was made
with a El!p kr.oL The other end of the
hemp wc6 coiled under the body. A bul
let hoJe was found at the base of the
Bkull.
HAWTHORNE. Nev., Nov. 5.— The In
vestigation of what appears to have been
a Border is engaging the attention of
the authorities at this place. Joe Ea
tranda recently visited the cabin of
Manuel Mendcza, an aged Mexican wood
chopper in L#iule Squaw Valley about
eleven miles south cf town, and found
him dead.
Social Dispatch to The Call.
It was Just a few minutes before mid
night when he returned to Santa Clara
and was ready to be married. The last
car was Just about to leave for San Jose.
Justice Herrington performed the cere
mony in Just thirty seconds, by actual
time, which is believed to be the record.
Mr. and Mrs. Piva then began their wed
ding Journey to San Jose.
A short time ago Clara Piva, a daugh
ter of the groom, married Joe Alves, a
brother of last night's bride. Piva has
now become the brother-in-law of his
daughter and son-in-law and his wife is
the sister-in-law and stepmother of his
daughter.
Manuel Piva, a widower of a few
months, with a family of six children,
was married at midnight last night | to
Mary Alves. He is forty years of age
and the sirl is but half that old. The
two families reside opposite each other
on Madison street. The courtship was
kept a secret. Last evening the couple
appeared before Justice Harrington at
Santa Clara and asked to be married.
Piva had not secured a marriage license
and was obliged to make a trip to San
Jose for the document.
SAN JOSB, Nov. 5.— The Portuguese
colony at Santa Clara Is all agog over
an elopement and a tangle of relationship
which the marriage makes in two fam
ilies.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
After hearing testimony In the case
Judge Leib refused the temporary injunc
tion to stop the work. The court stated
that the damage done to the plaintiff, if
any, by the continuance of the work
would be far less than the damage to
the public by having the work stopped
now while the street is torn up all along
Its central portion. This disposition of
the motion does not dispose of the appli
cation for a permanent injunction, which
matter will come up in the trial of the
case.
Frederick Brown, a wholesale dealer,
applied to the court for an injunction to
prevent the road from going down North
Market street on the ground that it would
injure his property. He claimed the road
would prevent the free egress and ingress
of teams from his place of business. The
Interurban road, James "W. Rea and the
San Jose and Santa Clara Electric Rail
way were made defendants. For the last
week the men have been working on the
road and in another week it will be com
pleted. Both the San Jose and Santa
Clara Railway and the Interurban line
nre to run from Santa Clara street to the
broad gauge depot on North Market
street.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 5.— An application for
an Injunction to restrain the San Jose-
Los Gatos Interurban Electric Railway
from laying its rails on Xorth Market
street was refused by Judge Lelb of the
Superior Court this morning. The deci
sion is bailed with delight by the people
of the city. <
Special Dispatch to The Oil.
Curious Tangle Results in
the Relationship of
£jy3tery Shrouds the Passing
of an Aged Mexican
Woodchop»er.
Schwab's Agent Changes
Front in Shipyards
Hearing.
Complaint Against Laying of
a Track Fails of
Support.
San Jose Judge Refuses
to Grant Injunc
tion Request.
Murder Supposed to
Have Been Commit
ted in Nevada.
Record - Breaking Cere
mony Performed at
Santa Clara.
WRECKERS
OF TRUST ON
NEW TACK
ROPE ENCIRCLES
DEAD MAN'S NECK
COURT FAVORS
RAILWAY WORK
THIRTY SECONDS
FOR A WEDDING
THE SAN FPANCISCO CALL, FBIDAT, NOVEMBER 6, 1903.
7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I Forceful— Original- Unafraid— In all, Entertaining
I &he Cosmopolitan occupies a position distinctly its own. SO short?
I stories, and one * 9 or more, complete novels appear I
H jjj its Danes each near
II While giving great attention to fiction and entertainment, it ta? a definite plan beyond.
pi It may be likened to a great modem university with a million and & half student readers. A year's course embraces what'
1 is most important in the scientific field, what it most interesting in invention and discovery, what is most entertaining in travel
H and adventure, what is most valuable in the world of business.
II And especially in woman's field Im it indispensable. The most careful selection fa made to secure the real thinkers of the
nj world as contributors to its departments of household organization and womanly education and progress.
y A portion of each number Is edited with reference to the woman of the world, another to the woman of the home, another
| g to interest youth, and still another for the man of affairs, covering equally the clerk fiat starting in life and the captain of industry.
H H. G. Wells' semi-scientific story of adventure and the marvelous
l| will be begun in the November issue of The Cosmopolitan
H Edited bv John Brisben "Walker On all news-stands. Price, 10 cents
A3nJ3ETffP.NTS.
AUTOMOBILE
AND
MOTOR CYCLE
INCLESIDE TRACK
TO-DAY and SATURDAY, Nov. 6 and 7
At 1:30 Sharp.
Eastern and Local Attractions.
ADMISSION-ONE DOLLAR.
Tickets at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s. Friday
and Saturday mornings.
Special Train leaves Third and Townsend
Bts. at 12:30.
IT'S A HUMMER.
All 'This Week and
Next Week:.
Eeats EelltnK for All Performances.
MERRY MUSICAL FANTAST.
THE
STORKS
With Its Rosebud Garden of Girls.
Music Most Tuneful.
Nightly. Including Sunday.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
Next Week— Last Nlzhts. "THE STORKS."
Nov. 16— VIRGINIA HARNED In "IRIS."
GRAND SSEIi
TO-NIGHT and ALL THIS and NEXT WEEK
Matinees Wed. and Sat. Each Week.
NO SUNDAY PERFORMANCES.
Curtain rises evenings at 8: matinees at 2.
KLAW and ERLANGER'S
Stupendous Production of General Wallace/*
BEN HUR
350 — Persons in Production — S5O
If e Seats Laid Aside. Mo Telephone Orisrt Ttkea.
PRICES — $2, $1 50, $1. 75c and 50c
All eeats reserved. General admission, 11.
Out-of-town ' mail orders with remittances
filled in order received.
DESIRABLE SEATS CAW BE SE-
CURED TOS AXIt PERPOEMAKCEfi
THIS AND NEXT WEEK.
/yOjIFORNlT
1 ¦ I MATINEE TO-MORROW. \LA
W LAST TIME TO-MORROW ff
w I NIGHT. * ¦
HAVERLY'S MINSTRELS,
Headed by the Funniest of All Minstrel
Comedians,
...BILLY VAN...
NEXT SUNDAY. .
HERRMANN THE GREAT,
- Accompanied by the Famous.
OB«B Military Musicians, \K^ m
ag HI THE LASKYS. }
Iheatku
YOU 'SIMPLY CAN'T STOP THEM.
THEY WILL COME TO SEE
| RUBES AND ROSES I
The Only Perfect Show In Town.
Our "All Star" Cast. Including.
KOLB AND DILL.
BARNEY BERNARD.
WINFIELD SLAKE. , ,
MAUDE AMBER.
GEORGIA O'RAMEY.
BEN T. DILLON.
Reserved Seats — Nights, 25c. 50c and 75c;
Saturday and Sunday Matinees. 25c and '50c;
Children at Matinees. 10c and 25c. .
B q En bL^S H IJ M Ssfl C ¦
PACIFIC COAST LEAGUE.
RECREATION PARK.
— 1-EIGHTH AND HARRISON *
CHAMPIONSHIP GAMES.
THURSDAY AND FRIDAY. 3 P. M.; SAT*
URDAY. 3 P. M.
SUNDAY 2:30 P. M.
PORTLAND n. SAN FRAN JISGO.
LADIES' DAYS THURSDAY 1 AND FRIDAY.
Advance Sale. 5 Stockton St. '
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE. DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
Great Mexican Remedy: gives health and
strength, to sexual organs. Depot, 323 Market.
AMXTSEIVrrTNTS.
1 I V v/l-|!House.
NOTE — Performances begin at 8 sharp* Sat-
urday Matlnt«s at 2 sharp. .
TO-JTIOHT
•nfl Saturday Nleht. I *]
Donizetti'* Splendid Opera. [~
"LA FAVOR IT A"
Saturday Matin** and Sunday Night. ' 7
GREAT DOUBLE BIU^
Mascasral's Masterpiece. v
"CAVALLERIA RUSTICANA"
- And LeoncaYallo's lijxic Drama, H
• 4 TPAGLIACCI."
HE3CT VTEXsK
"TOSOA" and "Hi TBOVATOBE."
PRICES AS USUAL— 25c. 00c, 73c.
Talephon* Bush 9.
—JOVIAL VAUDEVILLE! —
"Village Choir" Quartette; Max Wal-
don; Olivette; The Two Roses, and
Goleman's Dogs and Cats.
Last Times of McWatters and Tyson;
Three Richards; Crawford and
Manning, and Wenona and Frank.
Reserved Seats 25c|Balcony lOo
Box Seats and Opera Chairs ......30o
IT /I 47 4T1 Belasco & Mayer.
ALCAZAR E pr rs
• ¦¦ General Manac«r.
¦ . »
"Tha Alcazar Xa Flaying 1 In Lnci Witb
Its New People." — Examiner.
TO-NIGHT— Mats.To-Morrow and San.
One of tho Funniest Comedies Ever Written,
TOO MUCH —
JOHNSON. &£-
Errs.. 25c to 79c; Mat. Sat. A Sun.. 13c to 60c
NEXT MONDAY— The Famous Farcical FriT*
olltr That Won't Wear Out.
THE PRIVATE SECRETARY.
Belaaco & Mayer. Proprietors.
Market St., Near Eighth. Phone South 333.
• TO-NIGHT— LAST THREE NIGHTS.
MATINEES TO-MORROW AND SUNDAT.
The Magnificent Comedy Drama,
"AT VALLEY FORGE."
Thrilling Story of Patriotism and Lore!
PDIfCC Evenings lOo to 80c
rnilW Matinees 10c, 13c. 23o
Next Week — By universal ¦ demand — Thou-
sands unable to obtain seats — L. R. STOCK-
WELL'S mammoth production of
"UUCI.E TOM'S CAJBIJT."
IiEW WELLS, ;.
WORLD and KINOSTON
AND A GREAT SHOW EVERT AFTERNOON
AND EVENING IN THE THEATER.
DON'T PAIL" TO SEE
THE COLORED BABY
In th« INFANT INCUBATOR.
lion Slayinar Balloon ta the Xoo.
LOTS OF FUN IN THE PENNY ARCADE
¦ ::;__ VISIT THE—
"MYSTIC MIRROR MAZE"
ADMISSION. 10c: ; CHILDREN. 8c.
When Phoning Ask for ! 'The Chntes."
MISCELLANEOUS AISUSESLBIITB.
MATINEES TO-MORROW AND SUNDAT.
LAST THREE NIGHTS
ELLERY'S ROYAL ITALIAN BAND.
Change of Programme Each Concert.
POPULAR PRICES— 50c. 75c. $L
GENERAL ADMISSION— COc.
Box Office: Sherman. Clay & Co.'s. *.
PaiflfP DOtfT FAIL TO
laiaWW 8ee beautiful
j COURT Lounging
flflfl room- tha EMPIRE
U1H1 PARLOR, the
n A PALM ROOM, the
linHlU LOUIS XV PAR-
U1UUU LOR. and the LA-
U ± 1 DIES* WRITING
I Hotels £° oM
BRUSHES k; K5£2?»s:
XJJLl VJ WJAX J-IKJ houses, billiard table*,
brewers, bookbinder*, eandy-makenj, •«£=?'>
dyers. Hour mllU. tcundile^ 1^ 1 *? 1 - ?*£*•
hangers, printers, painters. si»<~ J* ct °" e *-
ttablemen. tar-roofer*, tanners, tailors. «tc.
BUCHA2TAN B2*OS.,
Brash Hanoi actuxers, COS 3*craaaeato Si.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
ADVERTISEMENTS.
vv. Aimed fn re^rh ffie ///////aWLate Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, November 5.
" Schr ¦ Oakland, ' Ewart,'- 14 % " ; days from Tll
lamook. .-•'.', 1
. Schr Glen, Barkfleld, 80 hours from Iverson's
Landing. 11 „„-
A petition for a rehearing In the Al
pers-Coghlan'election contest was filed in
the Supreme Court yesterday. It was re
cently decided that Alpers and Eggers
were entitled , to retain their seats as Su
pervisors/In: spite of. the Judgment of ]the
Superior Court. :The contestants still have
a chance of winning on a rehearing. ...
Ask for a Rehearing.
GREAT P'ALLS, Mont.i Nov. 5.— In his
efforts" to exterminate the notorious Jones-
Nelson gang of outlaws, murderers and
horse thieves, who have long terrorized
the people of the northern valley, county,
Major C. R. Scobey, agent of the'Fort
Peck. Indian reservation, has issued . a
proclamation directing that all non-resi
dents ;,who * may ' be found driving^stock
withlii\ the boundaries ; of . the • reservation
will be "treated as outlaws." . '
Agent Adopts Heroic Measures.
CHARLESTON, 111., Nov. 6.-Wllliam J.
Honn,.the son of W. K. Honn, one of
the wealthiest bankers in Coles County,
has been arrested under an Indictment
accusing him of having poisoned his
wife. His bond was fixed at $7000 and
his trial set for next week by Judge
Thompson..
The young man's troubles began last
January, when, he was brought to this
city by a constable and the father of
Mies May Hala Gailbraith and forced into
a midnight marriage. The wife died sud
denly. Honn returned to the home of
his parents, and the story of Miss Gail
braith's ill-fated and short life wasfox
gotten. but the Grand Jury got hold of
the affr.ir and returned an Indictment.
Grand Jury Believes He Poisoned
Young Woman He Waa Forced
to Marry.
SON OF ILLINOIS BANKER
IS INDICTED FOB MTTRDEB
Los Angeles — 1 Oakland —
AB. R. II. P. A. . AB. R. II. P.A..
Hoy, cf.. 4 1 1 2 O O"Har,cf 3 1*1 1 0
Whelr,2b 4 0 0 3 1 Mskmn. s 3 2 1 C .'1
Smith, 3b 4 12 1 2 Murdk.rf 3 0 1. 3 0
Dillon, lb 4 1 1 12 OjShwtz, 2b 3 12 0 1!
Cravth.rf 4 .0 1 3 0 Kruger.lf 4 0 0 3 0
Ross, If. 3 0 0 2 OJMesrly.lb 4 0 1 11 1
Raymd, e 3 O O 2 GiDevrx. 3b 4 ,0 11 3
Knpar, c. 2 O (» 2 3 (Gorton, c 3 O 0 3 O
Hall, p.. 3 0 1 O 2 McKay.p 4 0 10 4
'Corbett. 10000 — —
— ¦: Totals. 31 4 8 27 13
Totals. 32 3 C 27 14
•Corbett batted for Hall.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles 2 0 10 O 0 0 0 0—3
Base hits 2 W 2 0 <> 1 0 1 U— (!
Oakland ........ 0 0 0 2 O 2 0 O O— 4
j Base hits 0 0 0 4 1 2 0 0 1—8
SUMMARY.
: Stolen , bases— Hoy, Dillon, Devereaux, Mc-
Kay. Error — Mosklman. Two-base hits — Smith,
O'Hara. Schwartz. First - base on error — Los
1. First base on ballp — Off Hall," X;
off McKay, 1. Struck out — By Hall. 1; by Mc-
Kay :t. Left on bases — Los Angeles;4, Oak
land .". Sacrifice hit — Murdock. Hit by pitcher
— Eagar. O'Hara. Wild pitch— McKay. Time
of came— One hour and fifty-five minutes. Um
pire — McDonald. ¦ '"¦'.'•
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 5.— The trial of Adolph
Fein, formerly secretary of the Hebrew
branch of the Jefferson Club, a political
organization, ended late to-day in the
United States District Court. Fein was
found guilty of aiding and abetting in
naturalization frauds and sentenced to
five years in the penitentiary and to pay
a fine of $1000.
Fein Is Sent to- the Penitentiary.
I.OS ANGELES, Nov. 4.— Oakland won
to-day's game by bunching four hits In
the fourth inning ¦ which produced two
runs. Hall was given perfect support by
the fielders, and would have won but
for his period of weakness. McKay
pitched splendid ball and kept the hits
well scattered. The game was fast and
full of snappy plays. Score:
Oakland Bunches Hits on Hall in
the Fourth and Wins.
FAST GAME IN THE SOUTH.
CAYUCOS, Nov. 5.— James Liddle, Rob
ert Tonlni Jr. and Dr. A. C. Ruopke, a
dentist, left Morro yesterday morning in
a small gasoline launch to fish in the
ocean. During the afternoon a very
heavy sea began running, rendering it
unsafe to land at any nearby port.
Inquiry by telephone at all accessible
points where the party might put in has
brought no, information concerning the
men and It is feared the little craft cap
sized. Persons are patrolling the beach
searching for wreckage. Liddle and To
nlnl are unmarried. Ruopke is a stranger
and nothing is known about him here.
He came recently from Alameda.
ALAMEDA, Nov. 5.— Inquiry has been
made here about Dr. A. C. Ruopke. nien
tioned in the Cayucos dispatch, but no
one' seems to have known him.
CHICAGO, Nov. 5.— The employes of the
Chicago City Railway Company, which
operates all the electric and cable lines
on the south side of the city, have been
voting, all day on the advisability of or
dering a strike. The demands of the men
are for an increase of pay of 4 cents an
hour, for themen employed on the electric
lines and for the employment of none but
union men.' The company has declined to
grant either request.
Opinion ia divided as to the result of
the vote, but the officers of. the union are
confident that the men will decide to
strike.
Chicago Railway Employes Vote on
• Advisability of Going Out.
CABMEN MAY STBIKE.
TRINIDAD. Colo., Oct. 20. 11)03.— To the
Miners and Mine Laborers In and Around tlit
Coal Mines of Colorado, Utah. New Mexico aiul
Southern Wyoming — '^¦\:'\ ,,
Greeting: You are hereby notified that all
men In the above mentioned calling are re
quested to lay down your tools on the 9th day
of November, 1903,. and quit work until such a
time as the coal company for which you have
been working will concede to operate by and
through a scale agreed upon In joint conference
of representatives from both , sides. Your de
mand will be for an eight-hour day, a 20 per
cert raise In wages on tonnage and day's work
and better conditions of airing the mines and
all other matters appertaining to the safety of
life and limb. You are guaranteed In doln*?
this by the order of the national executive
board. United Mine Workers of America,
through John Mitchell. S the president, which
guarantees your support. ,
DENVER, Nov. 5.— At all the coal mines
In District No. 15 notices slgnert by Presi
dent Mitchell and the other general offi
cers of the United Mine Workers, reading
in part as follows, have been posted:
Three Members of Pish
ing Party Thought
to Be Lost.
Serves Notices on Them
to Quit Work Next
Monday.
SEA MAY TELL
OF A TRAGEDY
Stolen basest — Jansing. Doyle. Errors Mc
laughlin. Egan. Townsend. Dolan. Bytrs.
Two-base hits — Barber, Jansing. Sacrifice hit
— Dolan. First base on errors — Sacramento I.
Seattle 2. First base on called balls — Oft
Knell 3. off Barber 3. Left on bases^ — Sacra
mento S. Seattle 7. Struck out — By Barber 2.
Hit by pltclu-r — Escan. Double plays — Knell ij
Egan to Graham; Knell to Hogan. Time. 2:00.
Umpires — Thomas and Sample.
Sacramento .... V .O 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 2—3
Bas« hits 0 1 0 0 0 0 2 2 4—0
Seattle 0 0 0 O 1 0 2 1 x I
Base hits 2 O 1 O 2 0 2 2 x 9
SUMMARY.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 5.— Barber was In
the box for the Seattle team, and up to
the ninth he proved too great a puzzle
for the Senators to solve. In the ninth,
however, it looked like a batting finish,
as the Senators bunched four hits and
had two runs when Hlldebrand tried to
kill the ball and fizzled on account of
darkness. It was a great battle from
start to finish. Score:
Sacramento— 1 Seattle
AB. R. H. P. A. AB. R. II. P. A.
SXr^ 2 *- 5 ° 1 * •" LumJr.cf 3 0 2 2 0
Hilbrd.lf. 4 O O O OfMohlr.Sb 4 0 12 4
MLirln.rf 4 0 12 0 Smith,rf. 4 O O 3 1
Twnsd.lb 1115 1 Brshr.lb 4 0 0 7 0
Egan.s.. S 1 1 3 4 Zlnsar.lf 4 0 0 3 0
Shehn.3b 4 12 2 3'Jansg,3b 4 2 2 1 .1
Doyle.cf. 4 0 10 0|Dolan.s.. 1 1 1 5 3
Grham.c 4 0 11 l'Byer»,c. 4 113 3
Knell.p.. 3 0 0 2 5| Barber,? 3 0 2 12
Hogan.lb 2018 0
Totals 31 4 0 27 18
Totals 34 3 0 24 17|
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Senators Make a Spectacular Finish
on the Home Grounds.
SEATTLE A WINNER.
Special race for cars carrying passengers —
Winton, Peerless Automobile Company; Peer
less, E. Murphy; Liocomoblle. A. A. Moore Jr.
Five miles, oD«n, for car3. Irrespective of
power -or weight. Car« must be legitimately
owned In (California — White. White Sewing
Machine Company: White. White Sewing Ma
chine Company: Mora, George Whlttell Jr.;
Toledo, National Automobile Company: Frank
lin. E. C. Ford and F. A. Jacobs.
Five mlles\ •handicap, open to cam that have
taken part In any of the preceding races and
that are legitimately owned on the Pacific
Coast— Buckboard, W. H. Kellogg; Franklin,
George E. Mlddleton: Rambler. F. C. Keck;
OMsmoblle. Pioneer Automobile Company;
White. White Sewing Machine Company; Ca
dillac. O. D. McNabb; White. Whitn Sewing
Machine Company,; Peerlew. J. I,. Eastland;
Mora. George Whlttell; Rambler, National Au
tomobile Company: Toledo, National Automobile
Comnany; Franklin, E. C. Pord and F. A. Ja
cobc.
Ten miles, open, for cars irrespective of pow
er or weljtht — White. White Sewing; Machine
Company: White, White Sewing: Machine Com
pany: Winton, Barney Oltlfleld; Winton, Will
iam Graham; Mora. George Whlttell Jr. ; Tole
do. National Automobile Company; Franklin,
E. C. Ford and F. X. Jacobs.
Five miles, open, for ears twenty-four horse
power arid under — White, F. A. Oarbutt-
White, White Sewing Machine Company,
Peerless. J. 1... Kustlanrl; Toledo, National Au
tomobile Company; Franklin, E. C. Ford and
F. A. Jacobs.
Five miles, open, for cars 18TX> pounds and
under— St. I»uis, Pacific Motor Car Company;
White, White Sewing Machine Company; White
White Sewing Machine Company; Winton Uar
ney O!dS«-ld; Morn, Oeorjfe Whittell Jr.; Frank-
Jin. K. C. Ford and F. A. Jacobs.
Five miles, handicap, for motor cycles
Rambler, Thomas A. White; Rambler, A. H.
Sampson; Indian, Joseph Holle; Indian. Charles
L. Hill; Duck. E. M. Coffin; Orient, C. M
Schroth: California, I^eavltt & Bill; Hercules.
California Motor Company; California. Leavltt
& HU1; California, Leavitt & Hill; California
L«avltt & Bill.
The race meeting at Ingleside track con
ducted under the management of the Au
tomobile Club of California will be con
cluded to-morrow. There will be nine
events, for which the following entries
have been received:
First race at 1:30 p. m., op<?n. three miles,
for oars eix a.nd a hair horsepower and un
der—uuckboard. W. H. Kellojnt; Rambler, F.
c. Kfek: Oldsmoblle, Pioneer Automobile Com
pany; White, White Sewing Machine Company;
Kamblfr, National Automobile Company.
Five mil^s, for -gasoline car» only, 1200
pounds and under— Buckboard, \V. If. Kellorg-
Rambler. F. C. Keck; Franklin George E Midi
dleton; St. Loulu, Pacific Motor Car Company
Cadillac, O. D. McNabb; Rambler, Xatlonai
Automobile Company; Franklin, E. C. Ford
and F. A. Jacobs.
All the Powerful Cars Will Be Seen
in Exciting Competition.
ENTRIES FOR TO-MORROW.
"My machine^ is capable of traveling a
mile in thirty-five seconds if all conditions
of road and weather were favorable," he
says. "I am. sure I could lower the world's
record of :46 1-5 for a straightaway mile
if I could get a good stretch of road here.
I need three miles in all, It being neces
sary to have some leeway at both the
start and the finish."
Oldfield's pet racing machine, "Bullet
No. 2." has the grim outlines of one of
Uncle Sam's monitors. Grace is sacrificed
to strength throughout. The machine is
ten feet in length, rabout three feet high
and weighs 2140 pounds. It is gasoline
driven and has eight cylinders. *The
weight is placed so low that it Is impossi
ble for the machine to turn over.
Oldfield holds the American record of
:55 4-5 for a mile on a circular track. This
was made on the Empire City race, course,
New York, which has banked corners.
These help the motorist in making the
turns nt high speed. Oldfield made a mile
in :56\i at Denver. Ills slowest mile in a
fifteen-mile record trial was in :58.
fresh from a series of triumphs at
Denver. He will be the central figure in
to-day's races at Ingleside. This man of
iron nerve is a typical American athlete.
He is quiet and unassuming, but his well
knit figure and strong face tell the secret
of his success In tho most hazardous sport
which man's Ingenuity has devised up to
the present time.
Oldfield Is a native of Detroit and is 20
years old. lie was prominent on the
bicycle circuit for years as the teammate
of Tom Cooper, and it was at this sport
he learned the steersman's art.',
He discusses the speed possibilities of
his racing machine in a nonchalant man
ner which takes away the breath of his
auditor.
BARNEY OLDFIELD, king of the
American motorists, and the
most daring, arrived here yesterday
4. — .j.
Barney Oldfield
Central Figure
in Races.
MYSTERIOUSLY DISAPPEARS
FR0H HER PARENTS' HOME
Police of T\ro Cities Are Searching
for Daughter of a New Tork
Broker.
NEW YORK, Nov. 5.— Much excitement
has been caused among the residents of
East Orange, N. J., by the mysterious
disappearance of Miss Clara J. Coffin,
daughter of a New Tork broker. The
girl was a leader In the younger social
set of the Oranges and had been study
ing quite hard to keep up with her classes
In high Bchool, where she was to grad
uate this year. The school authorities be
lieve her mind has given way under the
strain of overwork.
Miss Coffin left her home early Tuesday
evening, presumably to go to the home
of a friend a few steps distant. 8he never
reached that place, and no trace has been
found of her since.
There are relatives of the family resid
ing at Newcastle, Ind., but it is not
thought that Miss Coffin has money
enough with her to re&cn that place.
PARIS, Nov. 5. — Ths Court of Cassation to
day rPjectPd th# appeals of the meicbera of the
Humbert family, who. on August 22 laet, were
sentenced to tertns of imprifonm^nt varying
from two to five yearn, on the charge of fraud
in connection with the eo-called Crawford mil
lions.
President Hyde of the Automobile CluO
was Indignant at the actions of some
roughs who stole the electric lamps used
on his car for decorative purposes. When
President Hyde learned of the insults of
fered other members of the club during
the parade and the lack of police pro
tection, he stated he would not be In favor
of another parade.
In a few moments a crowd surrounded
Peabody and his friends, and all kinds
of threats filled the air. Some wanted
to use knives on the tires of the automo
bile, while others threatened to turn the
car over and smash it to pieces.
On all sid?s the crowd yelled that the
boy on the bicycle be paid for the alleged
damage to his machine, but Pfabody and
his friends refused to be held up. No* pa
trolman was in sight, and though special
officers of the United Railroads endea
vored to break the blockade and allow
the street cars to pass, they were power
less to do anything against the crowd.
The trouble was finally quelled by Pea
body giving his card to the lad who had
caused the trouble and the automobile
was allowed to proceed on its course,
after a delay of iifteen minutes.
At Fourth and Market streets there was
a sudden stop of the parade and Pea
body's machine touched the boy's bicy
cle. The lad dismounted and placed the
machine in front of the automobile and
refused to move unless he was given $2 50
for alleged damage to his bicycle.
ROUGHS CAUSE TROUBLE.
cycle a few feet in front of Peabody's
machine.
Red, black and white machines, carry
ing from one to six people, slowly passed
in review before the admiring crowds,
and then would come an automobile en
tirely hidden from view by its lavish floral
decorations.
Some of the machines were covered
with framework canopies, from which de
pended dozens of Chinese and Japanese
lighted lanterns. Other machines were
artistically decorated with American flags
and flowers, even to the spokes on the
wheels.
.The decorated machines were received
with applause along the line of the pa
rade and the cfiauffeurs and owners of
the carriages were given round upon
round of applause en route. Many of
the ladies who rode in the parade were
costumed in regulation automobile dress
and their natty appearance won plaudits
from the onlookers.
POLICE PROTECTION" I*ACKINO.
Barring an occasional slight breakdown,
quickly repaired, the parade was entirely
successful and returned tt> the starting
point, where the judges reviewed the pa
rade and awarded the prizes for the best
decorated carriages.
The lack of police protection and the
antics of a few roughs during the parade
caused pome annoyance to the automo
billsts. While proceeding along Market
street a crowd of young men threw gnnd
at some of the occupants of automobiles,
while at other points they deliberately
tore the pretty floral decorations from the
vehicles. The request of the occupants
of the carriages that they be not molested
was met with jeers, as no pptrolmen
were in sight to protect the chauffeurB
and their friends.
Serious trouble was narrowly averted
at Fourth and Market Streets when" the
touring car of E. E. Peabody accidentally
bumped into a, bicycle, ridden by a boy.
The boy persisted In riding In front of
Peabody's car, though he had been re
peatedly .warned. to, move out pf the par
ade. The lad impertinently . replied he
would do as he pleased, and rode his -bi-
Along the entire route of the parade
the BtreetH were lined with a solid mass
of sightseers. The automobiles proceeded
et a slow gait at a distance of twenty
feet, every machine constantly sounding
its whistles- and buglee. The glare of the
many lights on the machines added a
pretty effect to the scene. The arrange
ment of the parade was perfect In every
manner. Decorated machines were placed
at intervals In order to lend a picturesque
effect to the movlns panorama.
The route of the parade was along Van
Ness avenue to Market street, down Mar
ket to Montgomery, along tha't thorough
fare to Bush, thence to Kearny, turning
from Kearny Into Market and out the
main artery of the city to Van Ness ave
nue to the starting point.
It was half an hour after 8 o'clock when
President Hyde gave the signal for the
parade to start. Van Ness avenue was
crowded with thousands of people, at
tracted by the novel spectacle. To the
strains of music played by the band in
the carryall that led the procession the
hundred and more automobiles started on
their journey.
ROUTE OF THE PARADE.
There were cars that came to the start
ing point filled with merry men and
women, while others had but a solitary
passenger— the pilot at the wheel. Some
of the automobiles were handsomely deco
rated, and others were bare of any at
tempt to catch the eye. The machine of
President Hyde of the Automobile Club
waa outlined in tiny electric lights run
from a storage battery. Others had hand
eome canopies over them covered with
flowers. For an hour the automobiles
converged on the starting point, and a
military band ensconced in a large steam
carryall discoursed popular music to the
accompaniment of the puffing of the ma
chines and the tooting of the warning
whistles and bugles.
On all sides were heard the tooting of
the warning whistles and bugles and the
chug-chug of the machines as the chauf
feurs piloted the vehicles to the ren
dezvous.
MACHINES ABE DECORATED.
downtown streets of the city in
the presence of enthusiastic spectators,
estimated to number 30,000. The parade,
under the auspices of the Automobile Club
of California, was the first large one ever
given in this city, and its success demon
strated the growing increase in the use of
trie horseless carriage.
The variety of automobile machines
showed the vast amount of capital invest
ed in the latest mode of traveling. There
were gasoline machines of numerous
makes, carriages that were propelled by
steam and others whose motive powers
were electric storage. The parade was
arranged as a preliminary to the automo
bile races at Ingleslde track, which take
place to-day and to-morrow, in which
Barney Oldfield, the famous automobilist
from the East, will be the central figure.
There was considerable excitement in
the vicinity of Van Nes s and Golden Gate
avenues last evening, where the automo
biles gathered, previous to the start of
the parade.
MORE than $250,000 worth of auto
mobiles passed in review last
evening through the- principal
MITCHELL CALLS
OUT THE MINERS
praise as they slowly wheeled
along. The Leon Roos machine was one
of the most stunning in the parade. It
was decorated in canopy shape, outlined
with golden chrysanthemums and gar
landed with smtlax. The steam machine
of F. II. Hyde, president of the Automo
bile Club of California, was. elaborately
outlined w with tiny incandescent electric
lights run from a storage battery
and profusely embellished with a wealth
of pure white roses. It was one of the
most attractive mobiles In the procession
and was greeted with applause en every
side. Mr. Hyde's guests were Mr. and
Mrs. Frederick Marriott Jr. The machine
run by A. E. Cooper was a beauty. It
waa entirely covered with a background
of moss and ferns, studded from stem to
stem with white rosebuds. The wheels
were encircled with garlands of tiny
rosebuds and sprays of smilax. Both
Mrs. Cooper and Mrs. Glennon, who were
in the party, were- exquisitely gowned in
white silk with white hats, and each car
ried a magnificent bouquet of white roaes.
Supervisor Rock was also of the party.
Joseph Hojle's machine was decorated
in canopy 'shape, surmounted by American
flags.flkJt practically looked like a floral
domeT'Hvreathed in red. white and -blue
bunting, while here and there were sus
pended tiny lanterns of every hue and
shade. Bunches of flowers added to the
beauty of the decoration.
The machine of F. Nelson received great
applause; It was all embellished with
California poppies, surmounted by a
superb butterfly, while strings of tiny
lanterns reached far above 'the driver's
head.
The pure white machine handled by
John D. Spreckels and containing a party
of his friends attracted considerable at
tention. Its superb mounting and the
manner in which it was handled evok'ed
much applause.
One of the smart-looking automobiles in
line was that of H. H. Davis. Though not
decorated it showed to advantage with Its
owner at the steering wheel.
Among the others In the procession
THE decorations of many of the ma
chines were handsome and called
out applause and expressions of
Well-Known Motorists in Procession
Compete for Valuable
Prizes.
were: George E. Middleton and friends,
C. A. Hawkins and party, J. L. Eastland,
L. P. Lowe and party, F. A. Jacobs and
party, R. C. Lennie and party, Mr. and
Mrs. F. W. McNear, S. G. Buckbee and
Miss Ethel Hager, A. M. Shields and par
ty, Joseph Holle and party, George P.
Fuller and party, George H. Cunningham
and party, Mr. and Mrs. A. E. Cooper, E.
R. Rock and Mrs. Aggie Glennon; C. A.
Hawkins and the Misses RIcka of Eureka;
Mrs. J. D. Brown, Miss Woods, S. Aron
son and Thomas Brown; B. D. Merchant
and Mr. and Mrs. W. D. Nichols; I. N.
Hibberd and Mr. and Mrs. Charles W.
Slack; W. M. Gardner, Miss Ram. Miss
Hare and Miss Grubb; Philip Hastings,
Arthur Barenat and II. A. Steel; F. A.
Garbutt and party; T. L. W'olters, Mrs.
Hugh Robinson and L. W. Intworth; F.
Nelson and family; A. C. Hamerton, W.
Nelson and G. Nelson; F. A. Hyde and
Mr. and Mrs. Frederick Marriott; Harvey
II. Dana and L. E. Spear; D. Libley and
party; Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Holle, Miss
H. Kenney and Miss E. Kenney; Mr. and
Mrs. von Voss; W. J. Woosley, the Misses
Delany and Mrs. Farrin; M. C. Harris, N.
R. Harris, Russell Harris and Mrs. Chad
burn; C. C. Eib and F. W\ Winch; Dr. A.
Staples and Mr. and Mrs. Miller H. Co6k;
Dr. Stillman, Mrs. Stlllman and W.
Frank; J. A. Benson, Mrs. Benson and
Miss Hale; Mrs. J. H. Marsh. J. H. Marsh
and Mr. and Mrs. Gabriel; M. Fisher and
party; D. L. Westover and R. E. Bous
fleld; T. H. B. Varney. R, Varney, M.
Varney, Mrs. George Freeman and A. H.
Sampson; L. C. Hammond, Miss Merrill,
C. H. Merrill and Miss Harringan; Leon
Roos, George Roos, Mr. and Mrs. Walter
Stettheimer and J. L. Greenbaum; Dr. G.
B. McClow and Dr. Frank C. Pague; C.
A. Hawkins, W. S. Tevia and Colonel
Hamilton; J. Winfleld Pearson; Dr. G.
M. Freeman, Mrs. Freeman, Miss G.
Knolton and Paul Oesting; Mr. and Mrs.
E. R. Hamilton of Sacramento; Byron
Jackson, Byron Jackson Jr., W. E. Boyer,
E. H. Bangs and B. H. Ames in an Olds
mobile: E. E. Pea body and W. J. Cornell
in a Winton.
The first prize of a J10O sliver cup for
the best decorated machine was won by
A. E. Cooper; the second, a $30 silver cup,
by Joseph Holle, and the third, a $25 silver
cup, by F. Nelson. The judges were S. C.
Lowe, E. I*. Jones and Ralph Heaton.
Artistically Decorated Cars Draw
Rounds of Appreciative
Applause.
Stolen bases — Pabst, Francis. Errors — Shay,
Holll«gsworth. Francis. Kadeau. Shea. Three
base hit — Krue. Two-base hit — Irwln. Sacri
fice hits — Van Buren (2). Francis. First base
on errors — San Francisco 2. Portland 1. First
base on called balls — Off Whalen 2. off Shields
¦?• Left on bases — San Francisco 4, Portland
7. Struck out— By Whalen 4, by Shields 2.
Hit by pitcher — Freeman. Meany. Double
play— Holllngsworth to Anderson to Freeman.
vv lid pitch — Whalen. Time of gime — 1 hour
and 5o minutes. Umpire Levy.
SUMMARY.
San Francisco— Portland —
AB. R. H. P. A. AB. R. H. P. A.
Shay. ».. 3 0 0 2 J VBura,cf 8 0 0 10
Meany.rf 2 0 10 0 Andsn,2b 3 117 7
Irwin.3b. 4 0 14 SNadau.lf 5 0 12 0
Kror.cf. 3 0 12 0 Premn.lb 4 0 0 11 0
£.ynch.If. 4 0 0 2 0 Blake, rf. 4 0 2 12
PabM.lb 4 1 1 15 0Prncls.3b3 0 13 2
D*lms.2b 3 0 0 O 5 Hlgswh.» 4 0 1 1 a
Zearfs.c. 4 0 14 0 Shea. c. 4 O O 4 3
Whaln.p.^4 JO 0 1 4 Shlelds.p 4 1 1 0 J
Totals. 31 1 5 30 13 Totals. 34 2 ~7 30 20
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Portland .......1 0 0 0"0 0 0 0 O 1—2
Ease hits 1 01111001 1—7
San Francisco.. 0 1 00O0O0O 0 1
Base hits 0 21100010 0 G
The score was a tie when the Brownies
went to the bat in the tenth. Shields
got a life on Shay's error, the only one
of the game for the Natives. Van Buren
placed v him up with a sacrifice, and An
derson shot a torrid bouncer over the
third sack, which was Just the thing to
bring the Brownie pitcher In. The score:
The pitchers were the center of attrac
tion during 1 the game. Each was in
splendid form and honors were even.
Shields really had Uncle's followers
blanked, bnt Shea dropped a throw to the
plate in the second, allowing Krug, who
was running for Pabst, to imprint his
foot on the plate with the only run for
Uncle.
Portland had broken up the deadlock
In the tenth and It seemed all was over,
even the shouting. Delmas then came up
for the locals and smote one to Nadeau,
who promptly dropped it. Del went to
third and was forced by Zearfoss on a
bunt, although every one in the grand
stand and bleachers swore Delmaa" was
safe by a foot.
This made the home tossers sore and
they had it In for Rube. Play was sus
pended for a few minutes and in the in
terval Freeman, the Portland first base
man, took possession of the ball. Zearfosa
was warned and he hugged the bag.
When play was called Pitcher Shields
made a few mysterious motions, and as
he did Freeman deliberately pushed Zear
foss off the bag and tagged him out.
Levy could not have missed seeing the
play, but he called Zearfoss out. Then
the trouble began. Rube was surrounded
by the home team and they called him
down and threatened to start something.
In time the row was settled and the next
man up, "Whalen, failed to do anything,
so Portland won out.
The Native ball tossers* succumbed
after ten spasms of good ball yesterday at
Recreation Park. They would not admit
they were beaten, however, but gathered
around* Umpire Levy and said things to
him which a good, pious man would have
resented. The Indicator wlelder was pret
ty rank in many cases, and when he
spoiled the last chance of the home team
every man on the lot was for handing
him a bunch. Score, 2 to 1.
E. C. Hopper, who will preside In the
stand at Oakland, and Colonel William
Letcher, the nswly appointed handicapper
of the California Jockey Club, leave La
tonia for California next Monday.
A horse car that was sidetracked at
Oakland yesterday brought four of the
speediest fprinters from Chicago ever
brr-d in Texas. They will race In the col
ors of J. F. Xewman and are Burnie Bun
ton, Don Domo, Our Bessie and Bay Won
der. In the same car were several hor«es
owned by Sidney Bender, the best of
which are poFsibly Lord Melbourne, Mar
lin. Jack Demund, Coroner Kelly, Mary
Dunn and Lola Daly.
Wade McLemore raved Boston Boy, Co
checo and two or three others at the Bay
District track several years ago, but left
a trifle frosty tempered and said he would
visit the Native Sons no more. Well,
¦Wade, In his good, old-fashioned Texas
way, concluded to forgive us and Is back
again with Dolly Hayman, Curate and
one or two more that may be heard from.
Claude, the four-time Derby winner,
threw Johnny Daly from h!s back at Oak
land track on Wednesday and then walked
upon his countenance. Johnny has a lump
on his head that looms up like a pimple
on an elephant, but is attending to his
duties. Duke of Richmond, a member of
the Daly string, died at Oakland yester
day.
According to rumor the following Chi
cago and St. Louis bookmaklng firms
will weigh in the first day at Oakland:
Fred Pesch. Gus Bluhm. "One-two-three"
Martin. Stevens, Frank Bane, Harry Froe-
Uch. Ed Stutte. Frank Lauterman. Jimmy
Jackson and Herman Hoffman. There is
«lso a gtt-rirh-in-a-hurry combination
that It is said controls half a dozen riders
and will do business.
Tony Cook, who booked at Chicago for
Steve J/Iiommodieu, is here. The latter
"dopes" the jockeys and not the horses
and will be out this way shortly with his
combined harvester and reaper.
Pa'.il Hoffman of the well known firm
of Hoffman Brothers of St. Louis is on
the ground and ready for the opening
day.
Jockey Willie Buchanan ond wife are re
<«-nt arrirala. T'nfortunatrly "Buck" was
suspended by Judge Hamilton at Harlem
a tew w.-ks ago and will not be able to
ride feeri unless the ban is lifted. There
a!'» many who think Huchanan's bad ride
o:i Incubator was due to nervousness as
w«ll as a preconcerted plan of interfer
ence on the nart of the other riders in the
race, which caused his downfall, and it is
to be boDed he will be given a last
chance.
Battdy MrXaiiphion strpped off Wednes
day night's overland from New York.
Bandy brought back with mm little Con
n<*il, the derer 'ipluwolght. who made
t;:'h ;; imnri'ssion here last soason.
Conr.t II has picked i:p Mme in we'pht.
Just bef« r<- !ia\ ii;»r fur the coast he rode
a 50 to 1 sli!»t tit victory for Seagram, the
Canadian horseman.
Park and the other Chicago tracks with
Us aceuytomra skill Jhe past *ummpr.
and will open tho California racinp season
at Oakland on Saturday, the 31th inst.
Aboard tli<- r-ame tralr. with Mr. and Mrs.
Dwyer cuw Johnny Coleman, the well
known bookmaker and wife; Frank
George and wife and Johnny Schorr and
ilns. Schorr.
Dick .-¦¦• r.t the Holds away at Washington
First among those to step oft la*t even
ing's overland train from Chicago were
Starter l>ick Dwyer and wife. Horp^mfn
ere dropping in here thicker than snow
fiakes will be falling in the Windy City
within a fortnight, but the stock}' form
uf ihe popular starter \rotild be discern
ible if all the electric lights refused to
ansv.fr tholr voltage.
W. L. Pet. I . W. U Pet.
I,. Angeles.117 72 .619'San Fran.. 08 VXi .487
Seattle »2 82 .SOOiPortland .. S7 03 .4S4
Sacramento 07 97 .UOOjOakland .. 84 H8 .415
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Burnie Bun ton and Don Do mo
Two Stars, Now Here.
J. Daly Injured
Arrives From Chicago
and Will Open Season
at Oakland.
Calls Zearfoss Out on Shady
Play at the Initial
Station.
Home Players Wrathy !
at Levy for a Bad \
Decision.
STARTER DWYER
ON THE GROUND
BROWNIES LAND
DURING TENTH
AUTOMOBILES ON PARADE ARE VIEWED BY THOUSANDS OF SPECTATORS
THE FAN FRAN CISCO .C ALL; FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1903,
ARTISTICALLY DECORATED
MACHINES IN LAST NIGHTS
AUTOMOBILE PARADE.
8
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
OUT TO-DM.Y!
EFAJCDnrG'S OFFICIAL
BASKET BALL GUIDE
Edited by GEORGE T. HEPBRON.
Secretary National Backet Ball Committee.
ml ' |O '
Contain* the new rules, records and half-tone
portraits of all the prominent tf-ami In th»;
i"nlt«-<J States; i=ugxei»tlon» for officials and
Jpoidp; bow to score; what to wear; questions
and ar.t-wer* by the author, and many
other inter<-stlnc articles.
PEICr 10 CENTS
For sale by all Newsdealers, and
A. O. SFA.X.DING & BROS.
New York, Chicago, Philadelphia, Boston.
Buffalo, Baltimore, Denver, St. Loui«,
Kanra* City, Minneanollf. 6an Francisco,
• . Montreal, Can.
Vl'rtte for Hnalding's complete Catalogue of
FaJl and Winter iroorte. Free by mall.
*52 XEISSZOZr ST. SAW PKAKCISCO J
advertisements!
HAVANA\ CIGARSIMMIGRANT BUREAU"
LOSES A PROSECUTION
. I knew Mrs. Tucker well In her work
here. Although I am called to perform a dif
ferent service than you and cannot go but as
you do my heart often goes out in most cordial
approbation for the good you are accomplish
ing. - You penetrate through millions of hearts
where the work is most needed, doing untold
good. „ May the example of . the now glorified
woman spur you on to greater deeds.
Mrs. Colonel French told of her ac
quaintance with the late Mrs. Tucker
and of her good works. among the needy
poor \ of this and other cities— how she
worked with untiring zeal to uplift souls
to God and preach the gospel to all man
kind.' She told of the dead woman's sac
rifices made for herself and her family
that some poor people might be cared for
and brought to the kingdom of God.
The service was brought to a" fitting
close with a chorus of "Nearer, My God,
to Thee," and ended with a prayer by
Colonel -French.
The following. letter was read:
To the Press and Friends of San Francisco:
I desire to send the assurances of my utmost
gratitude for. their sympathy during this, the
darkest hour of my life. - Death \ has Indeed
culled our fairest flower, nay . transplanted It
to the regions where the frosts of sorrow and
the storms of time cannot* touch it.
The world knew, her as, a warrior soul,
tactful energetic,' daring, magnetic. . eloquent.
To the' Salvation Army she was a leader, bril
liant • Intrepid, consecrated, sympathetic and
beloved. : But to hv family she was. the peer
less woman, daughter, mother, wife.. on whose
wise council in all emergencies, we had learned
to lean, and* around whose strong - yet tender
nature ;our • hearts >'. have been inextricably
twined. •.'• - ¦-¦ : '¦' : - '..¦'¦
¦- Our loss seems irreparable. I ask the pray-'.
Time nieR and njan remains. Man dies and
hope remains. Hose dies and God i abides. I
esteem you all because you are creatures, not
of words, but of deeds. In Interpreting t^ie
divine love. of God, in interpreting the love of
man for man, we all stand on a common plat
form. I hope that I shall live to see the day
when we shall all form the. great republic of
God.
GLORIFIED WOMAN'S EXAMPLE.
No woman who ever serves her follow beings
is forgotten. Happy are they who have loved
mankind, for they have been loved.
Reputation Is what men and women eee of
us, and that is passing. Character la what
God knows of us, and that Is eternal. At th«
bottom of all our work wo are all trying to
bring God Into the world. I hope that the
time is coming when we will recognize that
we are all brethren In the one cause.
I think that your call came to you because
the churches were not able to do all they
ought to have done. It is a noble calling, and
I congratulate you. Colonel French, for hav
ing taken up the work of so good a man and
woman.
Rev. F. iW. Clampett made an address
on the good work of the late Mrs. Booth-
Tucker and the Salvation Army.
A double quartet from members of the
band sang an appropriate hymn, and
Rabbi Voorsanger. made an able address.
In Dart .he said:
If you have called me to mourn with you I
would rather sit among you and be silent, for
I will not interpret so great an act of God's.
If you have caUed me to teach you, then will
I talk to you.
CHARACTER IS ETERNAL.
• I think Mrs. Booth-Tucker must have been
a verv noble and beautiful woman, and the
good Father must have loved her very much
and taken her to him for a greater good.
The Salvation Army of this city held
a united memorial service last night for
the late Consul Emma Moss-Booth-Tuck
er, who met such a tragic death'a few
days ago in the East.
The service was held In Lyric Hall, 119
Eddy street, under the direction of
Colonel and Mrs. George French, assisted
by the Provincial staff and band. The
hall was decorated in white and a large
gathering took part.
The Provincial Staff band opened the
service with Chopin's "Funeral March."
The opening address was delivered by
Rev. William Rader. He told of the good
work that was done by the Salvation
Army, and dwelt on the beautiful charac
ter of the late Mrs. Booth-Tucker.
Rev. Bradford Leavitt of the First Uni
tarian Church spoke as follows:
Interlocutory decrees of divorce were
granted to Lois Olds Cowan from Mc-
Clure Cowan, for cruelty; Melita E. Smith
from Robert O. Smith, for desertion;
Rose Viola Vassels from G. R. Vassels,
for desertion, and Isabella H. Shelley
from Harry J. Shelley, for cruelty.
. W. D. M. Howard, a wealthy mining
engineer, with offices in the Mills build
ing, who was recently sued for divorce
on the ground of cruelty, by Grace L.
Howard, and who In a cross complaint
charged her with being the cause of the
lack of peace In the Howard household,
has taken the advice of his friends and
settled his family row out of court. A
dismissal of the entire proceedings has
been filed.
Virginia English, an evening school
teacher, was allowed to exchange her no
Bition with Clara R. We«terman a day
teacher in the Buena Vista School
elty; B. F. Baddeley against Mamie Bad
deley for desertion; E. A. Rathbun against
S. A. Rathbun. for failure to provide-
Florence Scott against Irwin L. Scott, for
failure to provide, and Josephine L. White
against Eugene White, for conviction of
a felony.
The San Francisco Retail Grocers filed'
a complaint with the board to the effect
that Mrs. F. M. Gannon, a teacher In the
Harrison Primary School, obtained goods
from Theodore Kast, one of the members
of the organization, under the name of
Mrs. Daniels, who opened an account under
that name and obtained all the goods
she could. The bill amounted to $62 85
of which only 55 had been paid. The or
ganization says the account has been run
ning two years and asks the board to in
vestigate the matter. The complaint was
referred to Superintendent Langdon.
The City and County Attorney was re
quested to furnish the board with a state
ment of the status of the case of Miss
Mary McKenzie vs. the Board of Educa
tion and also the status of all other cases
now pending against this board
In accordance with the recommendation
of Principal A. H. McDonald of the Lin
coln evening school Chester Bohm was
expelled from school. McDonald report
ed that the boy was Impertinent and
openly defiant.
Miss Catherine Felton and C. A. Mur
dock, representing the Associated Char
ities, appeared before the Board of Edu
cation yesterday to urge the enforcement
of the compulsory education law. They
stated that the organization was desirous
of ascertaining the number of children
who fail to attend school and to that end
asked the board to create a district in
which the conditions could be observed.
The Associated Charities agreed to dele
gate an agent to make investigations and
the cost of the experiment will be borne
by the organization. The board adopted
a resolution providing that the Associated
Charities be empowered to act for the
Board of Education In enforcing the com
pulsory education law.
The formation of the district was left to
a later meeting, but in all likelihood it will
include the Whlttier, Starr King and
Cleveland schools, all of which are south
of Market street, where It Is believed that
large numbers of children of school age
<lo not attend school.
Tho board abolished the Irving Scott
evening echool owing to lack of attend
ance. Director Mark stated that only
twelve boys attended the school and their
behavior was bad, they having thrown
eggs at the teacher. D. "W. Dolman, tho
teacher, was transferred to tho Hamilton
evening school.
Five-minutt report* on "Forestry," Mrs J
J. Sctville, Mrs. E. W. Clark; "Civics," Mrs
George W. Terrill; "Education," Mrs "John M
Fletcner; "California History and Land
marks," Mrs. Leonard Stocking;, "Club Exten
sion." Mrs. R. P. Hill; - "Libraries and Port
folios,"- Mi*s S. Patch; "Household Econom
ics." Mr», T. W. nine; "Reciprocity Bureau,"
Miss R- Abel; "Federation Pin," Miss Bernlce
SeovIHe; "Civil Service." Mlsn Agnes Howe;
"Portfolio Work," Mrs. J. WV Orr; "Picture
Study," Miad Kutherine M.- Ball. Adjourn
ment. • ./,;; >k . . '¦;¦.: ¦ .:
Afternoon session. 2 o'clock— Report on
finance; nomination of district vice president 1
nomination of members of credential commit
tee; State Federation meeting; nomination of
members of nominating committee; State Fed
eration meeting. ;.tjjkj&
¦ 8an Francisco — California Club, Mrs. George
lyaw Smith, president; Clionian Club, Mrs W
T. Gorhara, president: Contemporary Club,
Mrs. Bertha Brosln«, president; Corona Club
Mrs. E. O. Denniston, president; Daughters of
Pioneers Club, Miss Lucle F. Adams, presi
dent; Forum Club, Mrs. Henry Payot, presi
dent; Laurel Hall Club. Mr«. Georjre W.
Halght, president; Mills Club, Mrs J F Mc-
Ganley. president; Pacific Coast Women's
Press Club. Mrs. Ella M. Sexton, president;
Papyrus Club, Mrs. C. Mason Kinne, presi
dent; Philomath Club, Mrs. Julius Kahn
president; Schumann Club, Mrs. E. J. Foster'
president; South Park Settlement Mothers'
Club, Mrs. S. UrncK, president; Sorosls Club
Mrs. L. L. Dunbar, president; Wlmodaughsis
Club, Mrs. J. B. Fuller, president.
San Jose — Woman's Club, Mn. W. C. Ken
nedy, president.
Sonoma — Scnoma Valley Improvement Club
Mrs. Martha Stearns, president.
Watsonvlll<» — Woman's Club, Mrs. B F
Nance, president. ' >* " ' '
Petaluma — Beckwlth Club. Mrs. George Beck
with, president; Woman's Club, Mrs. John
Frltsch, president.
Eureka— Literary Improvement Club Mrs
Ella Bobbins, president; Monday Club Mrs
.Frances Mcl>aren, president.
Xapa— Study Club. Mrs. Frank Clark, presi
dent.
Palo Alto — Woman's Club. Mn. C. H. Gil
bert, president.
Following is the programme in full:
Invocation. Mrs. S. B. Mills, president Mills
College; address of welcome, Mrs. A E. Os
borne. district vice president; welcome from
club hostesses, Mrs. George Law Smith Mrs.
Julius Kahn, Mrs. E. G. Denniston; response
from delegate; report of credential committee;
presentation of parliamentarian and time
keeper. Mrs. C. Mason Kinne; roll call of del
egates. Mrs. Arthur W. Cornwall, secretary;
greeting from State president. Mrs L, V
I>arllng. Two-minute reports from the 'club
presidents of the twenty-five clubs In San
Francisco district:
Calistoga— Civic Club, Mr«. Fannie Scott
president.
A cordial invitation has been issued to.
the members of tho clubs embraced by
the San Francisco district to attend the
meeting and reception. The San Francis
co district comprises the counties of San
Francisco, Monterey, Santa Clara, Santa
Cruz, Napa, Mendoclno, Del Norte, San
Benito, Lake, San Mateo, Marin, Sonoma
and Humboldt.
Each of the clubs represented at the
"meeting will have the privilege of sub
mitting two minute reports. Addresses
will be delivered by Mrs. S. B. Mills, Mrs.
George Law Smith, Mrs. A. E. Osborne,
Mrs. Julius Kaiin, Mrs. E. G. Dennlston,
Mrs. C. Mason Kinne, Mrs. A. W. Corn
wall, Mrs. F. L. Darling and other prom
inent club women.
The session will be called to order in
the morning by Mrs. A. E. Osborne, the
district vice president. There will be a
sssion In the afternoon, followed by a re
ception. Mrs. Osborne will be assisted
by Mrs. Darling and Mrs. George Law
Smith as vice presidents at large.
The annual sessions of the federation
have heretofore lasted several days, but
the women in charge of the present gath
ering have arranged the details and out
lined the plan of work so thoroughly that
It is expected one day will suffice this
year.
Club women from all parts of the State
will aesemble to-day at the rooms of
the California Club for the annual meet-
Ing of the San Francisco District of Cal
ifornia Federation of Women's Clubs.
The meeting will be one of Importance to
club women and many vital topics will
be discussed and probably passed upon.
Suits for divorce wera also filed by P.
J. A. Royers against Arminda Royers for
desertion ; Fanny Blackman against
Harry Blackman, for cruelty; Mary Spell
man against Lawrence Spellman, for cru-
C W. Pase is suing Ellen Page for di
vorce for cruelty. He says that on the
right of September 25 last, she threw his
collection cf dishes and vases at him and
that on the r.ight of October 1 she cut his
shoes into ribbons. They have been mar
ried thirteen years.
Clara M. Wolf wanta a divorce from
JuHus J. Wolf on the grounds of cruelty.
Intemperance and neglect. Sho says she
Is worried almost to death because of his
fondness* for liquor and the habit of car
rying about with him a small bottle of
poison. She says that he frequently
threatens to use the poison, and because
ehe fears that he wants to make away
with tier or with thc!r child, she wants to
be freed from him.
Mrs. Landbeck also complains of her
husband's alleged manner of playing with
their infant child. She says that Instead
!«f taking the child In his arms, as is the
fashion of most fond fathers, he places
the little one In a chair, stands off a tevr
paces and makes all sorts of uncanny
noises and fearsome gestures. As a re
pult of this peculiar treatment, the plain
tiff Bay?, the child is frightened almost out
of Its wits. It was Jn May of last year
that the Landbecks were married.
According to her complaint, Landbeck,
after reading a chapter in this book,
would turn upon her in a fury and abuse
her In a fearful manner. She says that
ehe stood It as long as she could, but was
compelled to flee from him when he com
menced making Bpwches and lecturing
her on the propriety of reserving her af
fections for her lawful husband. She
paid he would, after assimilating a chap
ter of "Driven to Madness," loudly chout
that ho was the ."living eon of God."
"that blood must flow" and that the
proper place for her was "behind the
bars."
One of the strangest complaints for di
vorce on record in the courts here was
filed yesterday by Ernestine Landbeck
against Kucene Landbeck. She charges
him with cruelty and says that the sort
of books he selects to read Is the cause
of their unhappiness. In her complaint
the refers particularly to a novel called
"Driven to Madness, or the Vengeance
cf a Jealous Woman."
Associated Charities to
Act for School
Board. '
Tale of "Vengeance of
Jealous Woman" the
Cause of Suit.
Salvation Army Gathers
in Memory of Mrs.
Booth-Tucker.
San Francisco District
Members Assemble
. • To-Day.
A wedding of much interest occurred
yesterday at St. Ignatius Church, when
Miss Adele Cagllerl, daughter of Dr. Cag
lieri, one of the foremost Italian residents
of San Francisco, became the bride of
Dr. James F. Smith. The ceremony was
witnessed by a large contingent of the
Italian colony, but at the reception which
followed only relatives and intimate
friends were bidden.. The happy pair left
on a honeymoon trip to extend over a few
weeks.
• • •
Yesterday the California Club rooms
rang with music of a solemn and digni
fied quality— distinctly it was not gay.
It was the music section day, under the
direction of Madame Tojetti, and what
with Dr. H. J. Stewart's scholarly • con
tributions— verbal and musical— together
with an interesting paper upon "Mystery
Plays," by Mrs. J. C. Crawford, and two
splendid renditions from Bach and Han
del by Miss Ella McCloskey, the afternoon
was one of delight to lovers of sacred or
semi-sacred music.
The development of the oratorio was
carefully followed from the primitive days
of the Gregorian chant in the early Chris
tian era on through the middle ages In
the expanded form of mystery plays,
whence, in Italy, the first visible form of
oratorio appeared, as conceived and ex
ecuted by the monk, San Fillppo Nerl.
The oratorios of Handel, Bach, Gounod,
Dvorak and Cowen were in turn handled
analytically and a passing knowledge of
this magnificent- phase of musical com
position became, in a more or less exact
fashion, the possession of every club
member present.
Wagner, with selections from "Parsi
fal," will occupy the music section day of
next month, which will occur on Decem
ber 3..
The Irving Club entertained its mem
bers and friends yesterday— just as many
as Utopia Hall would hold— when Miss
Jenne Morrow Long delivered a forcible
and fitting talk upon "What Clubwomen
Should Know." Miss Long dwelt espe
cially upon the essentials of public speak
ing related to the physical and mental
conduct of the woman upon the platform.
If women still insist upon boring their
fellows at the club with indirectness and
lamentable verbosity then charge it not
to Miss Long, for she has shown us the
sin of it. The lecture was Utopian in
truth, but it may bear fruit. Who knows?
A piano solo by Miss Jessie Long and
two wholly delightful solos by Miss Leola
C. Stone closed the programme. To a
dulcet contralto voice that lingers caress
ingly in the ears Miss Stone adds a
charming personality. She will again ap
pear before the Irving Club on Decem
ber 3.
HOLDS SERVICE
FOR DEAD LEADER
ANNUAL MEETING
OF CLUB WOMEN
AIM TO ENFORCE
COMPULSORY LAW
YELLOW NOVEL
DISTURBS PEACE
ENTERTAINMENT
GIVEN BY TWO
WOMEN'S CLUBS
CATHOLIC CLUB
HOLDS SESSION
HEIRESS ELOPES
WITH A CHINESE
Would Make California
a High Church
-r-v •
Diocese.
White Wife for Former
Mongolian Student
of Stanford.
Special D!si>atch to The Call.
CHICAGO. Nov. 5.— Miss Babb Clark
Hoyt and John Wing Lee, son of a former
Chinese cook in her uncle's home, were
married by Justice D. K. Cochrane to-
Mlss Hoyt is a niece of Benjamin D.
Hoyt, tho rich owner of the "Bar H"
ranch near Bozernan, Mont. She is relat
ed to Senator Clark of Montana.
While Mr. and Mrs. Lee are enjoying
their honeymoon at Niagara Falls and
other points, Benjamin D. Hoyt is search
ins the city of San Francisco for traces
of his runaway 'niece. Before the elopers
had left Bozeman he had started to find
them, but went In the wrong direction.
Lee was sent to school and afterward
to Leland Standford University by his
father. After spending two years there
he returned to the ranch, and was made
private secretary to Hoyt. He fell in
love with Hoyfs niece. The girl accepted
his attentions, but when her uncle dis
covered their secret he turned Lee from
the house. .-'•-.
Everything that is new. good and mod
erate priced in trunks, valises, dress suit
cases and traveling sets now in stock.
All Leather Goods lettered in gold fre«
of charge. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Mar
ket street. •
Footpads Operate in Daylight.
BAKERSFIELD.* Not. 5.— Frank Cole
man, a sausagemaker. was held up In
broad daylight this afternoon by two men,
both of whom have been arrested. Tha
holdup occurred about half a block from
the business center of the city. One man
slipped up behind Coleman and seized
him around the neck .while the other
went through his pockets. As he was
released one man whispered a warning
in his ear that if he dared to complain he
would be '. killed. A policeman appeared
and cantured one of the men, after a
chase, and found the other later.
The first meeting of the newly incor
porated Catholic Club was held at the
Occidental Hotel last evening and was
largely attended by priests and laymen.
The club Is composed of members of the
Episcopal Church for the study of
Catholic doctrine and aggressive work in
restoring the ancient practices and ritual
of the church. The formation of the club
Is the indication of. the rapid spread of
what is known as the high church party
in the far "West and the grafting of its
principles upon the conservative element.
which has heretofore controlled it. It
means also a great change to the diocese
and the ultimate connection of California
Episcopalianism to the advanced school.
Last evening Father Parrish read a
thesis upon the "Scripture as the
Source of Church Doctrine," treating
upon its authenticity, the truth of mir
acles and other debated points.
"The church antedated the gospels," he
said, "and should the Bible be obliter
ated, the church itself wQuld be able to
witness to Its truth."
The thesis was learned and abstruse
and intensely interested the audience
that listened to it.
Rev. Sebastian Dabovich, Abbot of
tho Greek Cathedral, was present and,
on (Invitation, addressed the meeting rel
ative to the belief of his branch of the
Catholic church on the authority of the
scriptures.
Questions were put to the reverend
speakers and answered, evidently to the
great enlightenment of those present. A
very pleasant repast followed the dis
cussions, which was greatly enjoyed:
Among those present were the follow
ing named:
Clergy— Rev Herbert Parrisb, Rev. Charles
N Lathrop, Rev. George T. Griffith. Rev. A.
C Wilson Rev. W. F. Venables, Rev. Father
Sebastian Dabovich. Rev. Walter B. Clark.
Rev. Charles H. de Garmo, Rev. V\. H.
Ratcllff Rev. H. B. Monges. Rev E F Ge«.
Laymen— Edward Mills Adams. H. C-Lyons.
S W Pease. C. Gltchell, James Thomaa,
George Thomas .Newton H.. Barry. Mr. Drown.
J H Hallowell. Charles T. Cook. James Tuck,
E. Arnold, R. H. Hamshar and Mr. Halsted.
Troubles of a Local Concern to Be
Adjusted in the Federal
Court.
AUTOMOBILE COMPANY
ACCUSED OF FRAUD
United ' States Circuit Judge Morrow
yesterday granted a temporary injunction
in favor of Harold W. Macloon and J. H.
Stover against W. H. H. Hart. Richard
Graf, Albert Betz. the ; Universal Auto
mobile Company and others. The com
plainants allege that the automobile com
pany la insolvent and ask for the appoint,
ment of a receiver and an accounting.-/ ;-
It is alleged that Hart was the. financial
"angel" of the concern and- received 40,000
shares of the 100,000 shares of stock; that
the board of directors up' to last July
were Hart's tools; that -^Voolsey pledged
his 40,000 shares to J. J. Rauer, who trans
ferred them to Hart.
Charges of fraud and sharp practice are
made against the defendants. The fact
that persons who purchased fat blocks of
shares were given positions in the com
pany at liberal salaries is mentioned in
the complaint as a fact . discreditable to
the defendants. There, are also charges
of wasteful and extravagant expenditures.
er» of all ¦ the army for her father who will
b« bowed down "with grief, for our little ones
and for myself, that we ¦ may better serve,
though with bleeding hearts, the God and
people whom ahe loved. . ¦
.,;. ;f..de latour booth-tucker.
•- Commander. "'
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1903.
CHICAGO, Kov. 8. — Eleven hundred leather
workers employed by the American Hide and
Leather Company In Its four tanneries here
went on rtrlke to-day to enforce their demands
for an adjustment of working conditions.
Ellery's Royal Italian Band has scored
an immense .success at the Alhambra
Theater, where . it will remain for, three
more nights. ' There will be matinees to
morrow.'and Sunday.- and at t every • per
formance a -new -programme will, be pre
sented.: Chiaffarelll, the; new conductor,
has created quite a furore. ;^Mau
United States Court Commissioner Hea
cock yesterday discharged R. William
Jones, master of the British ship Inver
kip, who had been arrested on complaint
of United States Immigrant Commissioner
Hart II. • North and charged with having
allowed three alien sailors to escape. They
had been placed on 'his. ship for deporta
tion.,
v The Immigrant Commissioner insisted
that the Inverkip was owned by the same
company that owned the British ship
Cloch, from which the sailors had been
taken; but he failed to prove it yesterday
•when the case was tried by Commissioner
Heacock. Jones contended that the In
verkip was not owned by the Cloch peo
ple. -The law requires that aliens that are
denied a landing shall be taken to the
foreign port whence they came - and by
the same line of vessels.
Captain R. William Jones of the In
verkip Discharged for Lack. of
Proof.
9
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
NO MORE DANDRUFF.
Kewbro'a Eerpicide Destroy* the Pestif-
crou» Cause of Annoying" Dandruff.
I»ocs your hrad itch? Is your coat or
dr«J?s full of v.hite fla!c<»s after drcssinsr
Vjur hair? That's the effect of dandruff.
In your hair thinning? Are you 'begin-
nin» to g. t bald in spots? Are you al-
ready, in fact, raqidly bpcominff bald? If
ttn, that 5s the effect of a measly little
parasite that burrows in at the root of
the hair, and throws up the scalp in dan-
druff and r-ats off the hair at the root.
Bolcnan latest discovery in a destroyer
of that pestiferous perm. That destroyer
is contained in no other hair preparation
on earth but Newbro's H*rpicide. Try
It and be convinced. A deliphtful dress-
ing. Sold by leading druggists. Send
3 0c in stamps for sample to The Herpl-
cide Co.. Detroit. Mich.
"cast~jria"
Por Infants ar.d Children,
The Kind You Have Always Bonglrt
Bears the // y^"—
Signature of i~&JZj c 7$^cbZc4u/b2
. ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AJrqutull of
MILWAUKEE.
-A Good Hand
And a steady one. for it means
sweet words of approval. The
"dispenser," whether host or j
dealer, is never embarrassed by
. the feeling that it won't please.
There's QUALITY back of it-
Quality that means "Blatz" In
every glass. Uniformly Pure
and Mature.
Always the Same Cood Old Blatz
BUts Malt-ViTias (Xan-Iatcx) Ttaii
Druggists or Direct.
Yal. Blaiz Brewing Co., Milwauites.
: Branosclif eipr & Co., me.
5 and 7 DRU.MM ST., San Franc«5co.
Tel. Main 184(5. Wholesale Dealer*..Wright Seymour, a carpenter residing
in this city, filed a petition In insolvency
in the United States District Court yes
terday. He owes £316 and has no assets/
Insolvent Carpenter.
James Ryan, a; bartender, was held to
answer before the Superior Court by Po
lice Judge Fritz yesterday on a charge of
betrayal, under promise of marriage. His
bonds , were I fixed at $1000. ;, The complain
ing witness is; Miss Elizabeth F. O' Calla
ghan, 33G4 Minna street
Befuses to Wed the Girl.
Mrs. Sadie Sullivan, 122 Langton street,
secured a warrant from Police Judge
Fritz yesterday for the arrest of "John
Doe" on a charge of burglary. She said
her house had been entered . on ¦ Wednes
day and .$1 60 and some trinkets stolen.
She had reason to believe that the burglar
was a colored man known as "Red."
House Visited by a Burglar.
Ah Yuen, a Chinese domestic, was ar
rested yesterday by Detective McMahon
and locked uo in the City Prison. It is
alleged that while he was employed at 103
Larkin street he stole a gold watch and
chain from the room of Mrs. Kennedy and
a revolver and child's bank from George
Marshall, 790 Van Ness avenue, where he
was then employed.
Chinese Domestic Arrested.
Charles Holbrook, secretary of the So
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Animals, Is seriously HI at his apart
ment* In the Windsor HoteL His present
sickness is due to a combination of throat
troubles, from which he has been a suf
ferer for many years.
Secretary Holbrook Is 111.
Marion de Vrles, member of the United
States Board of General Appraisers, ar
rived from Los Angeles yesterday morn
ing, where he had been hearing appeals
from the action of the Customs Collector
in several cases. He spent yesterday in
the United States Appraisers* building
hearing cases, and will remain for several
days, after which he will go to Portland,
Oregon. .
Appraiser de VrieS Is Here.
A suit was filed yesterday, for an In
junction restraining Henry E. Coffey, the
recently appointed receiver of the insolv
ent International Bank and Trust Com
pany of America, from using $3229 13 de
posited with it by the Standard Loan and
Trust Company. The last named com
pany Is the Plaintiff in the ' suit. It is
alleged in the complaint^ that the money
was deposited by the Standard as a trust
fund, and therefore should not be used
to pay the creditors of the defunct insti
tution.
Claims Fund Is a Trust.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrojrraphle Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, . San Francisco, Cal..
November 5, 1903.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
1. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m.. Greenwich time. . J. C. BURNETT,*
Lieutenant U. S. N., in charge.
There should be some exciting boxing
bouts before the Lincoln Athletic Club to
nigrht in Mechanics' Pavilion annex.
Matchmaker Al Murphy has six good
bouts on the card. The main event 'will
be a return match between Barney Drls
ccll and Harry Tenney. This will be the
second meeting of these two clever ban
tams.
The special heavy-weight contest be
tween Ike McLaughlln and Frank Man
nasso also promises to be a fast one. Mc-
Laughlln hails from Butchertown and
vrlll be heavily backed by hi3 friends.
Mannasso comes from the North Beach
district. The balance of the card will be:
William Frield v,s. Joe Kelly, 105 pounds;
Jack Doyle vs. William Desmond, 113
pounds; Bob Lundie vs. Jim Lineger, 122
pounds, and Harry King vs. Pete Walker,
145 pound*.
Milton Hayes will referee all contests.
George Robinson will be timekeeper.
Lincoln Club Officials Arrange Card
of Boxing in Mechanics' Pavilion
Annex To-Night.
Steamer. From. | Due.
Centralla Grays Harbor Nov.~6
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. Nov.' 0
Mlneola. . . . . . Tacoma Nov. 6
C. Nelson Portland A Astoria ..Nov. fi
T c L,. ortB Crescent City Nov. 6
J. Dollar Seattle & Tacoma Nov. «
Empire Coos Bay Nov. 8
SemUor Seattle Nov. 6
Cook Bay San Pedro & Way Ports Sot. ' „
Columbia Portland & Astoria.. .. No\. «l
North Fork... Humboldt Nov. a
Newburg Grays Harbor Nov. 8
£ rcata Coos Bay & Port Orford Nov. 7
S?™. n * r; Humboldt Nov. 7
F. H. Leggett San Pedro Nov 7
h iS° • • Coquille River V : . . Nov. 7
B. Monica. . . . Grays • Harbor . s ...... Nov. 7
Tltania Nanaimo .............. Nov 8
tureka....... Humboldt Nov. 8
San Pedro. . . . Humboldt . . . .' Nov. s
Qu«en. ....... Puxet Sound Ports.; . ..iNov. *
&!}"£• • ' £Mna & Japan ...... [Nov. 0
HtWt-Uyy. i ' ' Taconla ¦"• • • • Nov. 9
State of Cal.. Ban Diego & Way Ports Nov. 8
Sonoma Sydney & Way- Ports... iNuv. D
p°"" a " Newport' & Way Ports. Nov. 10
a v? r\y • m ' IIut "boldt Nov. 16
G. W. Elder. . Portland & Astoria .... Nov. 1 1
£°'° n - • • New York via Panama Nov. 12
CUv pl£h?« " ** endocln <> & Pt. Arena. Nov. 12
£L«ii^ *•"• Pu cet Sound. Ports.... Nov. la
GaeHc China & Japan ......; N OV . 17
TO SAIL.;
Steamer. Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
r N#>i^n November G. f I -
~: kelson.. Lo 8 Angeles Ports.. 12 m Pier 2
Phoenix... Mendocino City.... 1 pm Pier 13
Samoa..... lot Angeles Ports. 9 am Pier 2
B. Cruz.... San Diego & Way. 4 pm Pier 11
Pomona... Humboldt ..... 11:30 p Pier 9
Ralnler..\. Seattle &,Whatcom[ 4 pm Pier 10
Kamses.... Hamburg & Way..| 8 am|Pler 19 ;
¦¦.:. '¦ • ¦ .| Xovember 7. I . I
Empire. . . . ; Coos . * Bay . direct. . | 4 pmJPler 13 ,
CLEVER AMATETJHS WILL
BATTLE FOB TBOPHIES
MEMORANDUM.
Per whaling stmr Karluk — Left in port '¦ at
XJntah JUarhar sfolp Glaor o£ the . Seas, to sail
Per ship Henry B Hyde^-Oct 2S. lat 34 >N,
Ion 71 W, . ship Arthur Sewall, from Honolulu,
for Philadelphia.
Thursday, November 5.
Stmr Coronado, Peterson, ' Grays Harbor.
Stmr Whlttler, Macdonald, Ventura,
6tmr Czarina, Johnson, Coos Bay.'
Stmr State of California, Thomas, San Diego.
Stmr Bonita, Alberts, San Pedro.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, Kureka.
Stmr Acme, Lundquist, Astoria.
Stmr. Whlttler, Macdonald, Ventura.
Stmr Greenwood, Johanlssen, Albion.
Stmr Mackinaw. Storrs. Tacoma.
Etmr Sequoia. Wlnkel, Monterey,
Stmr G C Llndauer, Allen, Grays Harbor.
Nor stmr Hero/ Syvertsen. Ladysmith.
Tug Sea Rover, Thomoson. Astoria.
Bktn Skaglt, Robinson, Port Gamble.
Bktn Addenda. Astrup, Astoria;
Schr Mary Dodge. Olsen, Eureka.
* Schr Mary C, Campbell, Bodega.
Kchr Bella, Jensen, Siuslaw River.
Schr C A Klose, Gruggel, Astoria, In tow
stmr Acme. '
Schr Mary E Rues, Nyman, Coos Bay.
SPOKEN.
SAILED.
. Thursday, November 6.
'Nor »tmr Hero. Syvertsen, Lady smith; R
Dunsmuir's Sons Co.
CLEARED.
Thursday, November 5.
Stmr Sequoia, Wlnkel. 5 day« from Grays
Harbor.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander, 41>4 hours
from San Diego and way ports.
Nor atmr Tellua, Arntzen, 89 hours from
Lady smith.
Whaling stmr Karluk, McGregor, 10 'days
from Dutch Harbor.
Bktn RetrievfT. Sloan, 12 days from Port
Hadlock.
Scbr El Dorado, Smith, isy, days from Ta
coma. i
Schr Mary C, Beck, 6 hours from Bodega.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
KFTVT YORK, Nov. 5.— Aqueduct summary:
First race, eelllnr. seven furlongs — Forward
won. Morokanta second. Nine 6pot third Time
1 :30 2-5.
Second rcc, handic&p, one and an eighth
m!!e»— l»rd Eadgre won. Brigand second. Sabot
third. Time, 1:57.
Third race. Belling, one mil* — Garnish won,
Longspur second. Champlaln third. Time,
Fourth rac*. Roelyn handicap, one and a eix.
teentb miles — "Wild Tfcyme won, Ahomada sec
ond. Flora Hampton third. Time, 1:48 1-6.
Fifth race, handicap, elx furlongs— Beldame
won. Harangue eecond. Palette third. Time,
1 :ljt 4-5.
Bisth race, mile — Erbe won. Trepan second.
The Captain third. Time, 1:43.
CINCINNATI, Nov. 6. — Latonta results:
First race, six furlongs — Miss Oollghtly won,
Fleuron second. Satchel third. Time, 1:17%.
Second race, six furlongs — Ralnland won
Onion second. Ben Adklns third. Time, 1:18%!
Third race, one and a sixteenth miles — Jud*e
Klmes won. Reservation eecond, Varner third
Time, 1 :64.
Fourth race, eix furlongs — Orfeo won. Jack
Rat! In second, B. H. Howard third. Time,
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs— Llda
T.ieb won. MIfs Mollle second, E>ata third
Time. 1:12.
Sixth race, one mile — Mamselle won. Mar
chune second. Sailor's Dream third. Time
l:47«i-
Judge Hlmes Wins the Mile and
a Sixteenth Bace at
Latonia.
WILD THYME IS FIBST
IN THE BOSLYN HANDICAP
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants. '
The British ship Clan Galbralth is chartered
for lumber and merchandise to Melbourne
(lump sum). ' The schooner George E. Billings
(on Puget Sound) Is chartered for lumber to
Adelaide at 40s; German ship Wilhelmlne, also
on Puget Sound, same business to South Afri
ca. 50s — both chartered prior to arrival.
Tho bark Abby Palmer loads sugar at Hon
olulu for Delaware Breakwater.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
A special to The Call from Coffeyville
says that Nelson was formerly a Con
gressman In Tennessee and that he
Jumped a $2000 bond In the case wherein
he is accused of aiding his convicted
brother to escape.
A reply was received by Captain Martin
yesterday to his dispatch notifying 1 Sher
iff Andy Prultt of Montgomery County,
Kansas, of the arrest here of David R.
Nelson, an attorney of Coffeyvllle, Kan.,
that Nelson was wanted thera on the
charge of being an accessory to a mur
der. It was also stated that an officer
with the papers for Nelson's extradition
would leave at once to take him back.
The date of the warrant was given so that
in the event of Nelson's applying for a
writ of habeas corpus the police could
be prepared to resist it.
Nelson, when arrested by Detective Bai
ley, admitted that he had been charged
with concealing his brother, John C. Nel
son, who had been convicted of murdering
a man in Coffeyville. but he said he could
prove that his brother was In the Indian
Territory all the time, and tho charge of
concealment was false. His wife and
child have not yet visited him In prison.
Police Notified That an Officer Will
With Extradition
Papers.
NELSON IS WANTED AS
ACCESSOBY TO MUBDER
The tiig Rover leaves to-day for Portland,
from where ehe will tow the ship Two Brothers
to this port.
The American ship Henry B. Hyde reached
New York yesterday, 110 days from this port.
Reinsurance on the Norwegian bark Daisy
was advanced yesterday to 80 per cent.
Water Front Notes.
Parishioners to Hold a Bazaar.
The ladles of St. Paul's parish intend
holding a bazaar for the benefit of the
building fund of the new church, now In
course of construction on the corner of
Valley and Church streets. At a meet
ing held a few nights ago a great deal
of enthusiasm was shown and this augers
well for the success of the undertaking.
Father Connolly, pastor of the parish,
said he believed the bazaar could be held
in the church building early next year.
Dora Fuhrig Charged With Murder.
In the Inquest yesterday on the body of
Mrs. Annie Callaghan, who died on Octo
ber 31, the jury returned a verdict charg
ing Mrs. Dora Fuhrlg 1 with manslaughter.
Immediately thereafter a charge of mur
der was placed against her on the prison
register. ¦ -- "
Captain Thomas has i>cen placed in com
mand of the schooner Onward In place of Cap
tain Ellefsen, and Captain Paulsen has suc
ceeded Captain Hendrixben on the schooner
Queen.
The Cordelia Heald, that wonderfully con
structed marine wonder In which Farmer Heald
made his historic trip from San Diego, wai
towed over from Oakland yesterday to Little
Main 6trcet wharf, whero she will be sold.
Changes of Captains.
Cordelia Heald Reappears.
Chester alleges that the defendants also
intend ousting him as secretary at the
coming meeting unless restrained and
compelled to show how they secured their
stork. He charges that J. M. Fitzgerald
and W. A. Ramsey, directors in the con
cern, have helped the defendants in their
efforts to sret control of the company and
have entered Into a conspiracy to further
their ends.
Theodore W. Chester, secretary of the
Union Laundry Company, filed a suit for
an injunction yesterday restraining S. M.
Reynolds. D. 8. O'Brien and Pumyea Wil
liamson from votlr.g their stock at a
meeting: of the stockholders of the com
pany to be held shortly. He charges that
they have fraudulently secured the ma
jority of the stock of the concern and in
tend using it to gain control of the com
pany.
SECE.ETABY OF THE UNION
LAUNDRY DISSATISFIED
Says There Is Conspiracy Among Di
rectors to Secure Control of the
Concern.
Open stake. 90 dog^ — Idleness vs. Don Pedro;
Good D^oiBion vs. Remlpso Anlmo; Grace W
ve. Advance Guard; Haddlnston vs. Van Alba;
Polncetta vs. Tyrone Prince; Encore vs. Lost
Olrl; Linda Vista vs. Concord Boy; Tom Hur
lirk vs. Roral Attire; Dorothy M vs. Pepper
Jark; Lord Goff vs. Intruder; Agitator vf.
Konii; Hob Ft ve. i'rotiisso; Little Lucy vs.
YoanT America: MIfs Wilson vs. Daylight;
Roy Huehie vs. Helen Hayes; Lady Pinta vs.
Master Clalr; Littl* Sister vs. Frank Dunn;
MarguTltte vs. Beauty Gold; Cloverdale vs.
Real Duchess; Glaucus vs. Queen's Motto;
Toronto vs. Otto; Money Musk vs. Clobefell;
Special vs. Golden Rule; Little Mercy vs. Nora
Hill; Crockett Boy vs. Conroy; Commercial
Traveler vs. Maid of Gowrle; Lady Menlo vs.
Doreen; HesDer vs. Cosette; Finoola vs. On
ward Maud: Pure Pearl vs. Pacing Billy; Our
Motto v«. Belfppf: False Alarm vs. .Mount
Ftoee; Yankee B07 vs. Katy Bell; Equator vs.
Boots; Welcome Ltrht vs. Gold Lily; Lucky
Shamrock vs. Jimmy Anthony; Cremo vs.
Northern Alarm: Rcta 8 vs. Royal Friend;
Lily Wricht vs. Black Flush; Viking vs. Van
Nora; Half Moon vs. Doc Burns; Honest John
vs. Bella Lloyd; Full Moon vs. White Stock-
Ines; Comliue vs. Mountain Poet; Colored
Lady vs. Vina: Roxana vs. Flora Belle; Young
Klamath vs. Balendlne; Sofala vs. Redwood
Lad.
An ooen stake with ninety-six entries
will be run to-morrow and, Sunday at
Ingleside Coursing Park. The total prize
money wi!l be JS30, the first prize being
$10ii. The draw last night at Pythian Cas
tle resulted as. follows:
Open Event Forms the Coursing Card
for the Kunning on Saturday
* and Sunday.
NINETY-SIX HOUNDS
IN INGLESIDE STAKE
Oct 30 for Comojc; whaling stmr Morning Star,
to sail for San Francisco Oct 2a; whaling stmr
Alexander, repairing a leak, to sail for San
Francisco Oct 22.
TELEGRAPHIC.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LOBCS. Nov 6, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW, 'velocity 24 miles per hour.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Nov &— U S stmr Nero,
for Panama.
SEATTLE— Arrived Nov S — Stmr Portland,
from Nome; stmr City of Puebla, hence Nov
2; stmr Montara, hence Nov 1; stmr Arizonan.
from Ulatne. .
Salltd Nov 4— Schr Forester, for San Pedro.
Nov 6 — Stmr Queen, for San Francisco.
Arrived Nov 6 — Stmr Dlrlgo, from Skagway.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Nov 5— Stmr
Alcatraz. from Mendocino.
TACOMA — Arrived Nov 6 — Stmr Victoria,
from Hongkong.
Sailed Nov 5 — Stmr Tacoma, for Hongkong;
schr Robert Searles, for San Pedro.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Nov 6— Bktn
Amazon, from Port Gamble, for Sydney.
EUREKA — Arrived Nov 0 — Stmr Alliance,
from Coos Bay; -stmr Lakme. hence Nov li:
stmr Coquille River, hence Nov a; schr Emma
Claudtaa, hence Oct 30.
Arrived Nov 5— Stmr Scotia, hence Nov 4.
HARDY CREEK — Sailed Nov 5— Stmr
Marshtleld, for Eureka.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Nov D — Bark Pal
myra, from San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Arrived Nov 6— Stmr Signal,
hence Nov .1.
POINT LOBSS — Passed Nov 6. 1:30 p m —
Stmr San Gabriel, from San Pedro, for Urap
qua R!ver.
ISLAND PORT.
EASTERN PORT.
HONOLULU— Sailed Nov 5— Stmr Sierra, for
Sydney.
NEW YORK— Arrived Nov 5— Ship Henry B
Hyde, hence July 17. 110 days.
Sailed Nov 4 — Stmr Seguranca, for Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Oct 21— Stmr Victoria,
for Victoria.
CLYDE — Arrived Oct 20— Br stmr Tydeus
from London, for Seattle, via Antwerp.
COLON— Arrived Nov a— Stmr City of Wash
ington, from New York.
« S .?^ e , d r. Xov 3 ~ Sfmr Yucatan, for New York.
COQUIMBO— Arrived Nov 2— Br bark South
esk, from Tacomu.
HAMBURG— In port Oct 20— Br ship Holt
Hill, for Portland, Or.
HONGKONG — Arrived Nov 6— Br stmr
Doric, hence Nov 7.
SalUd Nov 4 — Br stmr Athenian, for Van
couver.
NEWCASTLE, Aus— Sailed Oct 24— Fr ship
v f-relnjretorix, for San Francisco.
BRISBANE— Sailed Nov 4— Ur stmr Moana.
for Vancouver.
DOVER— Passed Nov 6— Ger stmr Numan
tla, h?nce June 11. for Hamburg.
ACAPULCO— Arrived Nov 2— Br ship Aus
tralian, from Newcastle, -Aua.
Sailed Nov 3 — Stmr Barracouta, for Panama;
stmr Colon, for San Francisco.
• OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Nov 5— Stmr La Tou
raine, for Havre;, stmr Rhein, for Bremen;
stmr Prlnz Oscar, for Genoa and Naples; stmr
Numldian, for Glasgow.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Nov 5— Stmr Ocean
lc, from Liverpool, for New York.
GENOA— Sailed Nov 5— Stmr Nordamerika,
for New York.
TO ARRIVE.
Movements of Steamers.
The police say that McGuire worked
with a companion who at times acted as
a lookout and at other times kept the
grocer or clerk in conversation while Mc-
Guire looted the cash drawer. A woman
saw the two men in Green's delicatessen
store and as soon as she observed Mc-
Guire opening the cash drawer she gave
an alarm, but McGuire and his companion
succeeded In making their escape. The
police are searching for McGuire's com
panion.
Philip McGuire was arrested yesterday
by Detective Fitzgerald and Policeman
Kenville and booked at the City Prison
on two charges of petty larceny. It is
claimed that McGuire is the tllltapper
who has been operating in stores
throughout the Mission. Among his al
leged victims are Robbers & Rulfs, gro
cers, Howard and Sixteenth streets, from
whose till 5100 was stolen; M. J. Iverson,
grocer, Seventeenth and Dolores streets,
whose loss was 19. and Green's delicates
sen sfbre on Noe street, near Fifteenth,
where $3 was stolen. McGuire Is also be
lieved to be the man who attempted to
tap the till in a florist's store at Haight
and Fillmore streets.
Philip McGuire Booked at City Prison
on Two Charges of Petty
Larceny.
ACCUSED OP TH.L-TAPPINO
IN STORES IN MISSIOU
The officers of the United States revenue cut
ter Hugh McCulloch on Saturday paid to their
retiring commander, Captain N. C. Coulson,
the highest tribute that commissioned officers
can pay to a superior. Captain Coulson was re
tired on account of age, and when he left the
McCulloch for the last time his officers. In full
uniform, manned the gig and rowed him ashore.
These at the cars were: First Lieutenants F.
O. Dodge, Engineer Officers H. O. Stayton, E.
W. Davis and C. C. McMillan' and Lieutenant
H. H. Wolf.
Honor Retiring 1 Skipper.
hunting. That one whale yielded
1645 pounds of bone, which, with 215 fox
and four bear skins, constituted the Kar
luk's cargo.
The one whale was killed near Herrold
Island. The Ka^luk's cruise was unevent
ful and $1 apiece will represent the whale
men's remuneration for sharing Its mo
notony. The Karluk reports that tTie
Alexander had seven whales when she
epoke her In the Bering Sea. The Morn
ing Star, William Bayliss and Thrasher
were all "clean."
THE whaling steamer Karluk,
¦which arrived yesterday from her
Arctic cruise, secured only one
whale during all her months of
¦¦¦¦ ¦¦ im i — . i — -in m^m
Arctic \ Humboldt I 9 am|Pler 10
S. Monica. L03 Angeles Ports. | 4 pm|Pler 2
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena | 4 pmiPter '£
Rival Willapa Harbor | 3 pm|Pier 2
Alnmeda... Honolulu Ill amjPier 7
Umatllla.. Puget Hound Ports. U am Pier »
Curacao... Mexican Ports .... 10 am|PUr 11
Peru N Y. via Panama 12 m|Pier 40
laqua HumboMt 1 pm|Pler 2
JVovember 8. |
F. H. Legg« Humboirtt 9 am|Pler 10
Centenn.ai. Seattle & Tacoma. . 10 am|Pler 2
Alliance... Eureka & Coos Bay |Pier lti
8. Rosa San Dlegp & \Vay| 0 am|Pier 11
November 9. I |
Corona , Humboldt |l:30pPier 9
N Fork... Humboldt 5 pm Pier 2
Columbia.. Astoria ft Portland 11 am Pier 24
Coos Bay.:- can Pedro & Way. a amjPier 11
November 1O. I
Eureka Humboldt 0 am I Pier 13
Centralla.. Grays Harbor .... 4 pm|Pier 10
Newburg. . Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
A. Maru... China & Japan 1 pm Pier 40
J. Dollar... Seattle & Taooma. 10 am Pier 2
November 11. | | . ¦ .
Arcata Coos B.& Pt.Orford|10 am|Pler 13
Chico...... Coquille niver 5 pm|Pier 2
November 12. 1
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 0 am|PIer 11
S. Barbara. Seattle & Olympla. 4 pmlPler 2
Queen.. .. Puget Sound Ports 11 am|Pler 0
Ban Pedro. . Humboldt 4 pm|Pier 2
November IS. I
Bonlta Newport & Way.. $» am|Pler 11
Xovember 14. | J
San Juan.. N. Y. via Panama. |12 m|Pler 40
G.W.Eider. A.«tcria & Port'-»ndlll amIPler 24
Xovember 17. I |
City Puebla Puget Sound Port3.|ll am|Pler 0
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. I For. | Sails.
Dlrlgo I Skagway & Way Ports. Nov. 8
Bertha Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Nov. 7
Valencia Skagway & Way Ports. Nov. 1
Dolphin j Skagway ft Way Ports. Nov. 7
Humboldt | Skagway & Way Ports. Nov. 12
City Seattle...; Skagway * Way Ports. jNov. 13
Santa Aua ! Cooks Inlet <& Way Pts.|Nov. 16
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Time and Heights of High and Low
Waters at I'ort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high oml low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Kort Point; the height
of tide Is tifr same at both places.
FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 6.
Sun rises 6:41
Bun sets 5:06
Moon rises 0:21 p. m.
d Tlmel Time ITIme Tlmel
P Ft. Ft. j Ft. 1 Ft.
* H W,| L Wf |H Wf [L W|
~O 0:42 4.9 8:30 3.4111:34 6.7 6:10 — O.6
7 1:32 4.9 6:13 2.6 12:17 6.7 7:07—0.6
8 2:26 4.9 7:02 2.8 1:04 6.5 7:56—0.5
» 3:1!» 4.P R-.01 a.ft 1:57 6.3 8:50 — 0.3
10 4:13 4.0 0:12 3.11 3:01 5.0 6:45 0.0
11 5:0S 5.C 10:33 .2.014:15 4.7 10:50 0.4
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand> column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth lime column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides,' as
Bometlmeb occurs. The heights Riven are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — >
rlgn precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth Riven by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Personally Mr. Heath was amiable, gen
erous to his friends and endeared to many
hy striving to benefit them. He leaves no
relatives on this coast. He was born In
Massachusetts, where some members of
his family still reside. His age was about
C5 years. Mr. Heath was connected for
pome time with the United States customs
service in ima city during the early years
of his residence in San Francisco.
Edward Livingstone Heath, capitalist,
•n-as found dead in his home at 970 Sutter
etreet yesterday morning. He had been
ailing for many months. About a year
ago he had a stroke of apoplexy. Ever
fcince then he had been ill. His death
was from a natural cause— a recurrence
of apoplexy. Though Mr. Heath had not
l«en actively enpased in business in San
Francisco for many years, he had been
prominent In Lupine.ss in the East. , At one
line he was the leading salesman for Tif
fany's great Jpwe'ry house in New York.
He was at other times prominent in
fc'irevo & Stanwoods in Boston and with
¦P.obbins, Clark & Biddle of Philadelphia,
He rarae to California In 1SS2. Soon after
v.ard he erected a handsome building on
Putter street, where he lived the re
mainder of his days.
His Health. Gradually Fails After a
Shock, Until End Finally Comes
From Natural Causes.
CAPITALIST E. L. HEATH
DIES SUDDENLY AT HOME
WHAL.IXG STEAMER KARLUK, WHICH ARRIVED IN THIS PORT YESTERDAY FROM THE ARCTIC OCEAN
WITH A SMALL CARGO OF BONE, HAVING KILLED BUT ONE WHALE THROUGHOUT HER LONG
CRUISE IN NORTHERN WATERS.
The games are to be plas-ed in the
handfome court of the club, which cost
54000 to build and is the finest in the
United States. Tickets will cost $5 each,
and on'.y members of the institution will
be allowed to buy them. The Olympic
Club is filled with handball enthusiasts.
More than 000 members play the old-time
game. Al Hampton, the coast champion,
has charge of the tickets, and the mem
bers are buying the coveted pasteboards
ol this early day. Within another week
It Is expected every peat will be sold.
A plan is on foot to match Joe Collins
nnd Al Hampton for a preliminary game.
These two players have been rivals for
the amateur championship. Some of the
members of the Olympic Club are willing
to offer a handsome trophy for the match.
Fitzgerald will soon start training. Ho
is gradually recovering from the injury
nnd will be in splendid fettle for the
match. He is working out dally at the
Olympic Club. Egan will also be given
the privileges of the club. Egan will start
for the coast v.ithin a week and begin
training. He will be accompanied by
Casey and Dunne, two of the finest play
trs In the world.
James Fitzgerald, the world's champion
handball player, and Mike Egan, the
Eastern crack, who recently defeated
Toohig, the Irish champion, arc to play a
series of games in this city, beginning De
cember 13. The cracks were to have
played the latter part of this month, but
Fitzgerald injured his knee while playing
Jack Donnct and Al Hampton three weeks
ago.
Champion Handball Flayers Matched
to Contest Before the Olympic
Athletic Club Members.
EGAN IS COMING WEST
TO PLAY FITZGERALD
He was held to answer and was con
victed by a jury In Judge Dunne's court.
He was granted a new trial by the Su
preme Court and the case was assigned
to Judge Cook's court. The widow, who
has since secured another husband, testi
fied yesterday that she did not know how
much .money she had In the trunk. Two
important witnesses could not be found,
and the Judge refused to hear their tes
timony from the records of the first trial.
He then instructed the jury to acquit the
defendant.
W. H. Clise was tried for the second
time before a Jury yesterday on a charge
of grand larceny and under Instructions
of Judge Cook the jury returned a ver
dict acquitting him.
Clise was a Canadian scout during the
war in South Africa and while on the
steamer from Australia on his way home
he met Mrs. Mary Simpson, a widow,
who had sold a hotel in Sydney and in
tended taking up her residence here. The
widow claimed that Clise premised to
marry her, and while they were living In
the Oaks lodging-house on Third and
Mission streets she alleged that he opened
her trunk on September 18, 1902, and stole
$1100. She swore to a warrant for his ar
rest and he was captured in Ohio and
brought back.
on Second Trial for Grand
Larceny.
W. H. Clise, a Canadian Scout, Wins
WOMAN'S DEFECTIVE MEMORY
LEADS TO AN ACQUITTAL
Swears yesterday shipped crews on the
Ships Dundonald and Loch Torridon, and
many of the men were brought to him by
erstwhile members of the sailor trust.
Six of them were taken from the Sailors'
Home. The shipping of crews for foreign
if hips has been placed in Swears' hands,
and for the time being blood money is a
thing of the past, and Jack, as well as his
master, will have an open chance for a
equaxe deal.
The ships Orion and Peter Iredale, for
•which Barneson was agent, were ready
for sea. Trying to get a crew through
the usual channels, he was informed that
a bonus of $30 a man would have to be
paid.
Barneson objected. /
The pallor trust, strong in its imagined
monopoly, replied: "All rtgrht; If you
don't take them now at $30 they will cost
you $35 later on. and the longer you wait
the more expensive we will make it."
Barneson sent for Swears, who informed
him that he would undertake to get all
the sailors •wanted through the regular
channels?, from which he supplied his
rteamshlp clierte. Swears shipped full
complements on the Orion and Peter
Iredale and sent tho men on- board In
Charge of watchmen. The watchmen
¦were selected on account of their physical
responsibility, and when the trust board
ing-house men tried to steal the Swears
shipped crews they were accorded a re
ception that few of them will forget In
a hurry.
The trust went to pieces.
The sailor trust has been broken. Blood
money In this port is a thing of the past.
Captain John Barneson, former marine
superintendent of the army transport
ecrvlc© and now San Francisco agent for
a number of British ehlpowners, has
achieved success, where a long line of
British Consuls anfl United States Judges
have scored disheartening failures. . For
«i>out the first time in the history of this
port the shipping of crews for foreign
calling vessels has been placed on a busi
ness basis. Captain Barneson's success
Is due largely to the co-operation of Will
lam B. Swears, the shipping master who
eupplles crews to the Pacific Mail and
other ete&xnsb!r> companies.
The sailor boarding-house men some
little time ago formed a combination for
the exaction of as high a rate of blood
money as the demand for men would
warrant.
After November 15, however, all will be
changed, and the traveling public, thanks
to President Spear, will^come again into
its own fair share of untainted air.
of mystery
and has commenced already preparing an
uptown warehouse for the handling of the
tfcbooed products.
The smell arising from the Wells-Fargo
storerooms at the ferry depot has been a
source of annoyance to the traveling pub
lic ever since the new ferry depot went
Into commission. Protests were plentiful,
but all they accomplished until President
Spear took the matter In hand was to
compel the express company to build a
fence around the bulkheads. The fence
hid the dead thing's, but had no cffpct on
the odors, the hiding. In fact, only adding
to their objectionable nature the element
The source of the loud and varied
smells, which have become so familiar
that they seemed part of the ferry depot
end a permanent adjunct to trans-bay
travel, in to be moved away, and - the
pleasure of deep, unobstructed breathing
rr.ay be enjoyed once more within the
limits of the big building.
The 'Wells-Fargo people have been noti
fied by President Spear that after No
vember lo they will not be allowed to use
the bulkheads between the slips for the
Btorage of poultry, dead or alive; live
Btock of any kind, slaughtered meats or
any other odorous perishables. The ex
press company has bowed to the order
When President Charles Spear took his
place at the head of the State Board of
Harbor Commissioners he declared his in
tention .of keeping sweet and clean the
big, new ferry depot. In a notice issued
yesterday to the Wells-Fargo Express
Company he has taken the last and' most
Important step in this direction. All the
sweeping and scrubbing of an army of
janitors availed little in the direction of
sweetness while the great common car
rier maintained between the ferry slips
a storehouse for odorous live stock, and
loud-smelling fish, fieeh and fowl.
The fact that many of the teeth of the
dead man were fiHed with gold Is the
only clew that may lead to the identifica
tion of the body.
The records of missing men of the Coro
ner's office and the Police Department
were examined yesterday, but none of the
descriptions tallied with that of the dead
man.
The color of the hair and eyes is brown
and the man was evidently clean shaven
at the time of his death. He had small
ears and a number of gold crowned teeth.
The action of the waves In dashing the
body against the rocks had disfigured the
remains. The scalp was torn away, the
face was crushed in and there was a deep
laceration of the chin.
The bodv had evidently been In the
water about three days, but no Identifi
cation mark could be found w^ien the re
mains were examined at the Morgue.
The man was evidently about 40 years
of age at the time of his death, weighed
ISO pounds and was 5 feet 10^4 inches in
height. The body was nude, wfch
the exception of a pair of new shoes and
gray woolen seeks, a standing collar, size
nVz. and a gray and white four-in-hand
tie.
The body was first discovered by a
woman who was walking on 'the beach
and the Coroner's, office was notified. The
Morgue officials had some trouble In con
veying the body to their wagon, being
compelled to carry the remains for three
blocks.
The body of a man was found float
ing in the water yesterday morning near
Bakers Beach and the circumstances sur
rounding the case are puzzling the offi
cials of the Coroner's office.
Seaman James Allwood was first placed
on the stand and made the statement that
none of the women nor any one in the
port lifeboat had life preservers on. II©
said, though, that there were plenty In
the boat.
This statement of Allivood's is a direct
contradiction to Bruce's statement that
he put life preservers on the women him
self; also a contradiction of previous
statements made by the captain and tha
second officer.
Allwood had charge of the after fall of
the port boat. He says that the rope did
not kink or Jam in the cleat whfn tho
boat was lowered. Mate Bruce in his tes
timony stated that the rope had Jammed
and that this was the cause of the capsiz
ing of tha boat.
The seaman further testified that there
was but a light breeze and the sea had
only a medium swell. He said thera
was considerable excitement among tha
passengers when the vessel struck.
"The ship was going ahead." said All
wood, "and it was her headway that
caused the boat to capsize. The moving
of the vessel caused the boat's bow to
sheer oft and the after tackle being not
unhooked she capsized."
In. reply to a question from Inspector
Bulger the seaman said that it was his
opinion that if the ship had not been
moving the after block could have beea
cast off.
Allwood like all the rest examined in
the case, did not know his station in
case of disaster. He said he saw no one
in the starboard boat or near it after
she capsized. Second Officer Ravens had
testified that there were four men In
her at the time.
Allwood had been on board the South
Portland for one month and during that
time no lifeboat drills were held.
When asked how he knew the ship was
going ahead, the seaman replied that ha
could see the wake, and when the people
were thrown Into the water they were
carried rapidly astern.
Ole Gunderson, another seaman, was
next placed on the stand. It was with
great difficulty that the inspectors drag
ged any, information from him. He coi:'.<1
not understand the questions, and when
he did make answer it was so irrelevant
as to be of no value.
Two things he was sure of— the vessel
was going ahead and the sea was mod
erately calm.
Second Mate Ravens was then rigidly
questioned by Inspector Bulger In an en
deavor to ascertain whether any one was
In the starboard boat when it was launch
ed. He made the statement that the star
board boat was never launched. He said:
""When the forward tackle was released
the boat swung around on the after tac
kle. By this time the boat was half in
the water. I hung on to the after tackla
until the sea went away from under tha
boat. That cleared her of the water in,
her, and I lowered her down again so
that she wouldn't fill up. and she un
hooked and drifted away."
"Do you know whether the painter was
fast or not?" asked Mr. Bulger.
"I passed It to some one on the lower
deck, with orders to make It fast. I don't
know whether that was done."
"How much of a sea was there when
you stood on the submerged raft waist
deep? And how was it that the sea did
not wash off the passengers who wero
sitting down on it?"
"It was a moderate sea. They were
hanging on."
At this juncture the investigation was
continued until this afternoon at 1 o'clock.
Seaman Allwood testified that If the
ship had been lying still when tha
boats were- launched they would not have
capsized. He said the women had no Ufa
preservers en. , He also contradicted Mate
Bruce's former statement and said that
the tackle en the port lifeboat did not
Jam.
One of the sailors had such a meager
knowledge of the English language that
it was next to Impossible to get him to
understand anything. Second Mate
Ravens seemed to forget that he was on
trial before United States officials and
did everything in his power to hamper tha
work of Inspectors Bolles and Bulger.
All of his answers were evasive and he
antagonized every effort of the inspec
tors to get at the facts concerning
the wreck of the steamer and the loss
of more than a score of lives.
The investigation Into the wreck of the
steamer South Portland was continued
yesterday before United States Inspectors
Bolles and Bulger. Two seamen and the
second matf> were examined.
Express Company Must Han
dle Fish, Flesh and Fowl
Elsewhere.
Gold-Filled Teeth Furnish
the Only Likely Clew
to Identification.
. Succeeds in Stamping Out
an Evil Which Has
Long Flourished.
Says if Ship Had, Not Moved
Boats Would Not Have \
Capsizad.
Captain Barneson Plac
Sailor Shipping on
Business Basis.
Nearly Nude Body of
Man Found Floating
on the Water.
Seaman Allwood Con
tradicts Statements}
of Officers.
President Spear Orders
Out Wells-Fargo
Storehouses.
BREAKS BLOOD
MONEY COMBINE
TO PURIFY AIR
OF FERRY DEPOT
OCEAN MYSTERY
TO BE SOLVED
NO LIFE BELTS
ON THE WOMEN
Whaling Steamer Karluk Arrives From the Arctic With
1645 Pounds of Bone and a Small Consignment
of Furs— The Alexander Makes a Large Catch
KILLS BUT ONE WHALE DURING CRUISE
AND BRINGS A LIGHT CARGO TO PORT
THE SAN FKANCISGO GALL, FKIDAY, NPYEMBER 6, 1903,
10
ADVEBTISEICENTS.
THOUSANDS
Of people will testify that Kidney and Bladder
troubles nave at lmst met with a. conqueror in
ilcBurney's Kidney and 1 Bladder Tn C^i r ! 1 _ # . O r*
bottle cures. One dose « lleves - *?£ e rf tlme b *
the forelock and purchase one "^L^L^
JIcBflrney's
Kidney and <«^ 'WBp
Bladder Cure tj -W
And get relief In 20 R"| i7Y
minutes. It Is a cer- jt- I
tain and thorough. .^X.
cure for pains In the --"»- -^ *
small of the back, stone in the bladder, f
Bright's disease. Incontinence of urine, I
brick dust deposit, bed wetting, dropsy. ||
diabetes, rheumatism. Hi
CHICAGO, 111.. March 20. 1S06. 1 j
MB. W. F. McBURXEY. Los Angeles. \
Cal. — Dear Sir: It affords me pleasure to Hf
testify to the efficiency of your Kidney f
and Bladder Cure. I have been troubled U
with my kidneys and bladder for over tl
four years. I have been treated by ft
. r>r. C. A. Pnrdy and I>r. Frank Wells. M
the latter being my son. I regret to ¦
say they did me no good. I was ad- H
vised to spend the winter In Los An see- m
les. which I did. On the nUht before f
I left for home I got & bottle of your V
medicine. The first dose did me (rood £]
and I was well when I reached home. ¦
and I can, say In conclusion that I am I .
grateful to you. If this letter Is of any j
use to you. use it. THOS. WEIX9. . h
McBurney's Kidney and Bladder Cure 5
prepaid $1 50. Send 23c to VV. T. Me- j
Burney, for five days' treatment. 226 I
8. Spring st.. Los Angeles. BoM by I
druggists. IWith the exception of Berries all d«icrip
tlons under this head were In ample supply
and fluctuations in prices were narrow. Re
ceipts of Berries were light owing to the re
cent rain and prices ranged higher. Long
worth Strawberries were too scarce to quote
and the market was bare of Huckleberries.
Table Grapes, in crates were dull in the .ab
eence of demand for shipping and prices de
clined. Occasional sales of the Isabella, va
riety were reported at 75c per crate but
the general run of offerings sold within the
quoted range. The situation in Apples was
unchanged, trade being confined chiefly to the
better : grades. The market was still badly
congested wtth poor and wormy stock. Flg3
arrived freely from Sonoma County and mtt
with an Indifferent demand. Several dealers
were making concessions In - order to clean
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
OREGON.
Oats, ctls 620
FOR THURSDAY. NOV. 5.
Flour, • qr sk9....15,C."J7|Hops, bales 564
Wheat, ctls .... 815 Wool, bales .... 22fl
Barley, etls 4,010iPfelts. "No I 315
Oats, ctls ...:.. 9S0 Hides. No ...... 400
Corn, ctls' ...... 250 Raisins, bxs " 2.OC0
Rye ctls ...... 465 Quicksilver, flsks J5O
Beans. *ks .... 1.C24 j Leather, rolls ... . 16.8
Potatoes sks .. 3.S20 1 Tallow, ctls .... 10
Onions, sk» 1,320 Wine, gals 53,000
Bran, sks ....... 305 Sugar, ctls 350
Middlings, sks... ««0 Lime, bbls 317
Hay, tons Wtt Parwr. row .... <«3
¦Straw, tons , 15 Brandy, gals ..3,300
Receipts of Produce.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE. Nov. 5.— Clearings. »694,«33;
balance*. $SS.O24
PORTLAND. Nov. 5.— Clearings. $66«.65«
balances. S»4.2»t.
TACOMA. Nov. 5.— Clearings, $333,9t5
balances, *2!>.3C1.
SPOKANE. Nov. 5.— Clearings. $445,693;
balances. $54,684.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND. Nov. 5. — WHEAT— Walla Wal
la, 74c; Bluestem. "%c: Valley. 78c.
"WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Nov. 5.— WHEAT— Unchanged.
Bluestem. 81c; Club. 77c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 5.— Wool, steady. Medium
grades combing and clothing, 17Q214C; light
fine. 15*3174c; heavy fine. 12S144c
St. Louis Wool Market.
Nezo York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Nov. 5. — The persistent wrak
. tpss In the United State* Steel securities to
day was a weight upon the whole Hock mar
ket. The f^Fre*rtve *fV-ct «a* mrtOeat at the
outlet, when the -totks of both classes anl
r the second bonds all opened at lom-er prices
Than before. But the Influence iru resisted
. for a time, except for a few stocks affiliated
with the iron and str-*i trade. During the
forenoon the effect on the railroad storks held
¦tow* last night's level. Dividends came o!T
a number cf important stock* this morning
and the appearance of ch**pco«s this pro
<lj«^d perhaps encouraged #oxne bidding up.
Both Pennsylvania arirl Atchiscn were In this
class. Amalgamate*! Cojiper also offered to;ne
reciFtanc* tn th* early part of th<» day ap
parently on aerour.t of the -putting forward
'>n the court calendar of the lllfgation In Mon
tana. Th« whole market yielded, however.
in the late dealing and the closing was weak,
with many of the standard railroad stocks
a ;-r:.-; or more btlow last night. The indus
trial* end rprclaltif* ehowed even w;dfr de
<-;.nes. In th e outpouring of United States
SWel stocks in the late <?pallr.«rs the price of
thr i-oman touched Wi. of the preferre-1
W». and of the serrnd bends <XVt fcr cens
rr.on. 57*, for th«> preferred and *ft% for the
Kwrwl l/cnd». The Flump In these securities
af.i-r the long continued d»<:line which they
t*\* air's-Jy. cnderg'Tne. let loose a flood cf
• rumor* and cccj^cturea. Some of the«« were
CcAanti w.th a i-^nfeaticnal tinge, but the con
vicf^n «&•> v, ry ictnerai In the street that the
?itcaticn In th* (ron and rte«>l trade was very ;
CiMimnftam and that conditions were much
y ¦¦ ¦ Sak- w.re made In the outside mar
ktt of the n«rxt dlvid^nJ on United Statfs
St«*i common at 'i of 1 r*r.c*«t ch several I
:.'.¦-.¦¦. khirr«. Reports cf cuts tn ' ateej j
. t>!-o<lectj< wen very contra dietary, but the de- j
dirfcn to make th* price of $23 a ton for #teel
Lillet*, comparrj wim the recent price of $27.
f«»» known on authority. There were rumors
in ad-iitton cf coming cut* !n steel rails, and
In other lints of fisish'«d product, of rednc
t:. r..- In warn throurhout th* Industry and
fct the dlsctanrf of large forces of working
men. Tn*. announcement of the resignation
of one of the o^Jcials of the cor
poration was u*/mJ as a basta for rumors of
official friction widely extended and of a cotn
k lr.f extensive reducUon of the executive forcrs
f^i-rr the purposes of economy. The reports cf
tome heavy sales of the corporation's product
•In foreign markets gave.no h*lp tn *ih« stocks.
Th« bond market waji cast. Total sales, $2.
tCKT.flOO. United States bends were unchanged
on the l&st calL
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks^ — SaJ<»». High. Ijow. Close.
AlcbiBOa ........ S*,S0O tz% ««, £i*i
There is a wider range In Eggs, • as there
are now a good many small and mixed -ranch
coming In which do not bring the quotations
for the large white Eggs. The latter, how
ever, show no change tn quotations. The
whole market Is q«ieter.. not because of any
increase In receipts, but because the demand
seems to have died off considerably during the
past day or two. Complaints on this score
are general among the trade.
Prices for Butter and Cheese are still sta
tionary, and the situation In both remains as
previously quoted.
Receipts wrre 16,000 lbs Butter, 6C0 cases
Eggs and 25.700 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery. 29fi30c for extra*' and
26<@274c for seconds: dairy. 21#2r»c: store But
t»r. 174@19c; cold itorage. 24®26c; Eastern,
23fi25c cr lb . •
. CHEESE — 124c for the general market. J3JJ>
IS4c fcr select mild new and lt«J12c.for lower
rrades; Ycung America*. 13K@14c; Eastern
1543164c: Western. 14gi5e per lb.
EGGS— Ranch. 40©43c for choice and ZT>®
374c for email and mixed colors; store, nom
inal: cold storage. 274®30c; Easfrn. 2S@30c
for fresh and 25@30c for cold storage.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
250 On Eureka... SI 500 Rescue 04
230 Hannapah 10 100O S. Eureka ... 0$
1 W0 Montana T .. 92 200 Ton No- Star. 32
«K) Midway 33 2250 T No Star 31
1000 Rescue Wi 100 Ton of Nev..5 73
300 MacNamara .' 11I20W Rescue 05
200 MacNamara . 13J1C00 T North Star 32
Afternoon Session.
The following were the sale* on the San
Francisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yes
terday:
Morsins Session.
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
S00 Caledonia ...1 101 200 Savage 14
50» Chollar 12 1200 Scorpion (12
2€0 Gould AC.. 22 2C0 Sierra N'*v .. 31
100 Hale A Nor. . 5* 1C0 Union Con . . 44
500 Potosl 12J .200 Yellow J .... 40
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
The following were the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Mornlnr Session. •
500 Andes 16 200 Mexican M
600 Caledonia ...1 10 1000 Potosl 12
SCO Chollar 12 WO Savage 17
200 Crown P 10 2«X> Savage ltj
5<M> Julia «« Sm Sierra Xer .. ST.
200 Mexican 97 *- SCO Utah 13
Afternoon Session.
100 Alpha WlHiCOJnUa 00
30O Chollar 13 500 Potosl 12
15O C C A Va ..1 l<»| 2fO Union Cbn ..44
500 Exchequer ... 15 1 CO Yellow J 40
200 Hale A Nor.. 5-Sl '-V <;
Afternoon Session.
5«X> An<5«*s 17] 20O Mexican .... 97
1«1 Andes 16 100 Mexican .... OS
20O Caledonia 115 100 Ophlr .......140
10O Caledonia ....1 10 2M> Potosl 13
500 Chollar 1 * J 1WM Potost 12
30O C C tz Va -.1 15 3CO Sierra Nev ... 35
2fV> Confldence .. «4 4CO Utah .... 1«
SCO Crown P .... 1« 1OO Utah 13
SCO Julia 06 ' 200 Yellow J ..„ 43
The following were the sales on the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day:
Morninr Session.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Mining Stocks.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. Nov. 5.— CATTLE— -Receipts.
lO.CfO, Tcxans. nroO. Western, steady; good to
prime steers, $^g5 f.0; poor to medium. $3 40®
4 SO; mockers and feeders, $2<fH 35; cows, $1@
•"{ 50; helfeT?, $2^g4 7."; cannerH,-$l@2 25; bulls,
$2-g4 10; calve.-, $267: Texas fed steers, $3@
3 50: Western steers. $334 25.
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 15.C0O: to-morrow.
12.(100; 10r? lower. Mixed and butchers', $4 70@
C 30; good to choice heavy, $4 flCtfjJJ 15; rough
h«avj-, $4 40O4 75: light, $4 70^5 20; bulk of
sales, *4 SO^5 05.
SHEEP— Rex^Ipts, 22,000. Sheep and Lambs
steady. Good to choice wethers. $3 25<$3 75;
fair to choice mixed, $2 75^3 25: ' Western
sheep, $2 50<?3 75; native lambs, $3 50®5 35;
Western Iambs, $3 5C<95 10.
Eastern Livestock Market.
NEW YORK. Nov. 5. — The cotton market
closed steady, ttfJ12 points higher.
New York Cotton Market.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In lOO-lb, bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.85c;
Pcwdered. 5.70c; Candy Granulated. 5.70c; Dry
Granulated, fine. 5.60c; r>ry Granulated, coarse.
S.COc; Fruit Granulated. 5.tf0c; Beet Granu
lated (1C0- lb bags only). 5.40c: Confectioners'
A, C.COc: Magnolia A. 3.20c; Extra C, 6.10c;
Golden C. 5c: "D." 4.90c; barrels. 10c more;
half barrels. 25c more: boxes. 50c more; 5O-lb
bags, 10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half
barrels. 6.10c; boxes. 6.35c; H. & E. Crystal
Domino*. 8.50e per lb. No orders taken for
lers than seventy-five barrels or Its equivalent.
RICE— China. No. 2. $4 XH81 45: No. 1.
$5 75*f?5 90; extra No. 1 $6 2.~>ftrt 50; Hawaiian.
$5 25; Japan $5 25®5 90; Louisiana. $4 3O#
6 75. -
COAL OIL — Water White Cpal Oil In bulk.
13>«iC-. Pearl Oil In cases. 22c; Astral. 22c; Star,
22c; Extra Star. 2Uc; Elaine. 2Sc: Eocene. 25c;
deodorized i-tove Gasoline, in. bulk, 17c; In
cases. 2:54c; Benzine, tn bulk. 13c; In case?,
194c: .SK-degree Gasoline. in bulk. 21c; in
canes. 274c
TURPENTINE— SOc per gallon In cases ani
71c In drums and iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 64©
7c per lb; White Lead. 64€7c. according to
r.unntitv.
OIL — Linseed. 4'ic fcr boiled and. 47c for raw
in barrels; rases. .">c mor»; Castor Oil. tn ca.?<">.
No. 1. 70c; Bakers' A A. $1 1061 12; Lucol. 44c
•for boiled and 42c for raw In "barrels; LarJ
Oil. extra winter strained, barrels. 85c; casa*.
C(>c: China Nut. 55$70c per gallon; pure
Ncatsfoot. In barrels. 75c; cases. 60c; Sperm,
pure, 75c; Whale Oil, natural white, 3©5»5oc
per gallon: Fish Oil, In barrels. 45c; cases,
50c; Coccanut Oil, In barrels, 5"<c fpr Ceylon
and TiSc fcr Australian
BAGS — Grain Bags. S'JSVic: San Qu»ntin.
3.5r»c; Wool Bass. U2235c; Fleece Twine. 74
ii*c; Cotton Fruit Ba?.«. 6\bc. ti*,c and 7V«c for
the three grades: Brown Jute. OHfiHc.
COALi — Wellington. $8 per ton; New Wel
lington $S: Seattle. *0 50; P.ryant. $(i 50; Ben
ver Hill. $5 50: Stanford. $7; RoHyn, $7; Coos
Bay. f5 50: Greta. $7; Wallsend. $7; Rich
mond. $7 50; Cumberland. 51.1 In bulk and
$14 25 In sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Estk.
$14; Welsh Anthracite Esg. $13: Welsh Lump.
$11 B0; Cannel, $* 50 per ton: Coke. $11 50@
13 p"r ton In bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky
Mountain descriptions. $11 45 per 2000 lbs and
$12 SO per long ton. according to brand. ¦
General Merchandise.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. l.«©20c per lb for
your.jr end 14ifr!Cc for old: Geese, per pair,
fl iM?; Goslings, $2g2 23 J Ducks. $165 per
dozen fcr old and $5t?0 for younc; Hens. $4 50
©5 50 for small and $5 COffO 50 Tor larp":
your.K Roosters, $.Vfi5 50; "old Roosters, $4 50
©5; Fryers. $t 50<{?5; Brofl«rs, $:{ 50414 for
large and fV83 50 for email; Pigeons, f\ff,
1 25 per dozen for old and ?2@2 25 fcr Squabs'.
GAME— Mallard Ducks, $4ff0 per dozen-
Cnnvasback. $4S7: Sprig. $3ff4 CO: Teal. ?2 .%0
«3« Widgeon. $2«2 50: ?matl Ducks. *1 B0Q3;
Gray Oeese. $2#3; White Geese. $1#2; Brant.
$1 25 for small and ?2 for large; English
Snipe. *3: common Snipe, $1 75: Wild Doves.
$1 25; Rabbits. $1 75 for Cottontails and $1 25
for Brush; Hare, $1 23.
Receipts at domestic Poultry were light and.
as there were no .Western offerings, the market
had a firmer tone and ail kinds of young
Chickens wer* quofil higher. Ther«> was con
ttnufd firmness In larg?, heavy Hen« and oc
caefonal sales were reported above the quota
tions. Young Turkeys were In fair request at
steady rates.
Receipts of Game were liberal and include-!
a larrr quantity of Cray Gs^sp. which dragged
at Iow<-r prices. All other kinds were In good
demand and cleaned up readily at the previous
ly quoted rates.
Poultrv and Game.
NEW YORK. Nov. 5.— There was a decline
of I5s 6d in London tin prices, with spot clos
ing at £117 7».6d and futures at £11S 12s Cd.
Loealy tin was about 23 points lower, with
spot clorlng at $24 5CiS25.
Copper declined 2s Cd tn London, closed at
£5S 2* fd for tlfit end £57 17s for futures.
Locally copper wa.< dull and helda little lower,
wtth lake quoted at $1.1 73814; electrolytic at
$i:» 30&13 7.", and cas-tlns at $i:i 50. Lead
closed at £11 :is 9d in London, while the local
market was unchanged at $4 50. Spelter was
unchanged at £21 ?s Cd In London and at
$C In the looal market.
Iron closed at Ma <M in Glasgow and at 4:ts
In Middlesboro. Loealy Iron Is weak and un
settled. No. I foundry Northern, i\"ift Hi; No.
2 foundry Northern. $14 2501$; No. I foun
dry Southern ar.d No. 1 foundry Southern soft,
? 14S$14 25.'
New York Metal Market.
Cons for money.89 3-16 N Y Central 1224
Cons for acct...SS l-l«;N*orfolk A \V>*tn.'58H
Anaconda 34 Nor A West pfd.'. 89 '
Atchlson 69Vg 'Ontario A Westn. 20%
Atchison pfd 03 i Pennsylvania .... 624
Bait & Ohio 7S Rand Mines 9
Canadian Pacific. 121% Reading 23 '
Ches A Ohio 31 H Reading 1st pfd.. 40
Chgo G Western. 15*4 Reading 2d pfd... 31V4
Chgo, M & St P.. 14^H Southern Ry 15T4
De Been* 20 (So Railway pfd.. 7«4
Dcsver & Rio Gr. l&v t I Southern Pacific.. 43^.
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
¦ BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — ;West!nghse Com.. <55
Call loans 364; Mining-
Time loans 5^C'Adver.ture 4
Bonds — I Allouex 4 U
Atchlson 4s 9»H Amalgamated ... 36i»
Mexican Cent 4s.. C8 -Daly West 37ii
Railroads — iBingham 224
Atchlson «4%. Calumet & Hecla.440
AtAfaea pM «3%i [Centennial is
Bcrton & Albany.24S 'Copper Range 444
Hoiston ¦* Maine. 17'» Dominion Coal... 72
'Boston Eipvafd . . 1 40 Franklin 81
N Y. N II * H..195 I»le Royale....*... 5
Fltchburg rfd 135 Mohawk 36%
1'r.icn Pacific 7O?4 Old Dominion 11
Mexican Central. 8^ Osoeola 1 50
Mi9oellan»<»us — Parrot IS
American Burar.,1144 Qulncy- S5
Ara Sugar pfd 11S4 Santa Fe Copper.' 1%
Am Te! A Tel..I274lTamarack 90
Dom Iron A S... 7U Trinity ....'. 5V*
General Elwtrle.145 United States 17Vi
Mar« Electric 18H Utah 27
Mui Elec pfd 174 Vlctsrla 24
United Fruit 07 Wlnfena 74
U S Steel 10»4 Wolverine 64
V S Bteel rM 54*»
.•.d^irs Con 10 • Little Chief 07
Alice It .Ontario 4 50
Hneece .* 10 Onhir 1 20
Brunswick Con.. 03 jfhoenix 07
Corrstock Tunnel, d.') 1 .} Pntrul \(\
Con Cal & Va...l 00 Ravage 12
Horn Silver 1 05 [Sierra Neva-Ja... X2
Ircn Silver 175 j Small Hopes 13
Leadvllle Con 02 Istandard 2 00
NEW YORK MIN1NT STOCKS.
U S ref 2s. r»g. . .1074 Hocking Val 4»ie.lO«
Do coupon 1074 L & N un 4s I»»4
do 3s reg 1OU Mnhtn con gold 4«.1O2
Do cn-jpon IW-j Mexican Ccn 4».. 71
Do new 4s. reg.1144 Do 1st tnc 14U
Do coupon 134 «-, Minn & St L 4s. 97
Do old 4s. reg.lll^ M. K & T 4* OS
Do coupon Ill's I>) 2<ls 7<U'.
Do old r»s r"g-10l>-j Ntl RK Mox con 4s 724
Do coupon...... 101 'i N' Y On g<-n 3'4s. 0".»S6
Atrhison gen 4«. . .lf»»'»iN' J Cen gen 5s. .130th
Do adj 4s R7 1 * Northern Pac4E..l«2i t
Atlantic C L A*. »l j Do Hs 70' \
BaU & Ohio 4s...l00t % 'N & W con 4s.. J»G*i
Do 3 'is 9« O«L4s and part 91 Vi
Central cf G 5s.. 104 Tenn conv 3ijs.. 0.">v t
Do 1st in" C4 jRcading g»n 4s.. ft»;s^
Ch^s & Ohio 4U.fi.inii,; StL &. IM con ."js.llO*^
Chi A Altnn ?.U t r. 73"-. StL & SF fg 4s. S2V»
C. B &l Q mi 4s. fl-'.'i St L SW lets."... 9-T
CM A FP g»n 4».K(t iS-?arxiard A L 4s. IT74
c jfe N W c«n 7s.l29'.i '.^uthem Pac 4s.. 87 H
c. n I & P RR ¦»¦< 7;u Southern Ry 5s..ll2 : »
C.P.IAP RR r,,l r.» 73»^;Texas & Pac lsts.117
XC & St L K"n 4? r>''»iT. St L & W 4s. IN
Chi<*cro Term 4s 7.1 IL'nicn Pacific 4s.. 1024
C F fc I con ."*.. 71 • Do conv 4s 8:14
Con Tobtoro 4«.. M%|U S Steel 2d 5s. CC",:
Colo A South !*.. BO '.Vnbaah 1st* 11.5U
Den 4- Rtr. <"} 4*. MU| Do deb B.» 5.">4
Erie r-'or lien 4s. ft^ 4 Wheel A L E *s. S3
Do pen 4? K2i«iWlJccnrin Cen 4i. 83
Ft W * D C lstS-lWi 1
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec. March. May.
Opening 6 5^ 4 C 5K, 6 4%
Closing 6 5V* 6 4T« 6 3T»
PARIS.
Wheat — Nov. Mar. -June.
Opening 21 10 21 15
Closing 20 95 2110
Flour —
Opening 30 30 2S 90
Closing 30 15 2S S3
Foreign Futures.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco. Hess 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle.
CATTLE — Steers. S«?Oc; Cows and Heifers,
7f?S<*: ihln Ccws. 4ffTfC per round.
CAT.VES — 1C4HC per pound (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3$i93%c; Etres. 34?3^4c
per r^und (gross weight). ,
LAMBS— ti 75«-1 per head.
HOGS —'Live Hoes. 150 to 230 lbs. 5<4c:
under 150 lbs. S'ISj^c; Sows. 20 per cent ofT;
Bofara, 50 per cent off. and Stags. 40 per cent
oft from above quotations.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
sre a.« follows:
BEEF — Cg7c for Steers and 5f?Cc per Ib for
Cows.
VEAL— Larr*. C/E5c; small. .SSOc per lb.
MITTON— Wethers. 7Vi€3^ic; Ewes. 7@Sc
per lb.
LAMB— !>a 10c per lb.
PORK— Vrr^FfX Hoe«. 7UfiDe r*r lb.
Previous prices rule, as the demand and
supply about balance.
DRESSED MEATS.
Meat Market.
Flour Exports in October.
la October tie exports ct Flour fronx Saa
! Francisco ty aea. were as follows:
To— Barrels. Values. :
Ctila*. ea.SlS $294,723'
Japjui 6,6«t; 27.5>>4 1
Cer.tr»J Amwic* 14.722 53.9S5 '
Hawaiian Uluii 7.136 XJ.559 '
Columbia, 20S0 8.2'»9
Peru l!»>00 7.150
Ecuador 1.2VJ 5.3.O
TafclU 1,'XH «S.735
Korea 2»«> 900
Mexico IBS C33 .
Sacsoaa Islands 117
Manila IS 72
Totals 105,353 J44C.4S1
In October. J9C2. the exports were 100.502 ,
barrel, vilued at $33f>. Ifift. la that month 49.
225 barrels went to China. 24.325 to Er.glar.l.
11.723 to the Hawaiian Islands and 2250 to lla
rlia. •
Barley Exports in October.
•
The experts cf Barley frcra San Francisco by 1
is* during tb« cr.onth of Octcber were as fo!- !
.Kws:
To— Centals. Values.
Great Britain R51.02'5 fl.O74.V 1 9 ,
Belgium 155.a<2 I*4.5o0
Australia 36.337 52.000
Hawaiian Is;a=ie 35.C»M 41.3I<» .
Tahiti 224 ' 2i>9 '
Central America — - s
Totals 1.078.663 $ 1.353. 1-S4 '
In October. li'XZ. the *x;>orts wer* 425. Its :
ct-ntals. valued at $4'JS«.7?7. The export move- •
inent has b^m larg* thuM far this season and ;
indications are that It will run cor.siJera.b!y
, over SnO.OCO tor.s.
Weather Report.
<12<rh M^riiian — Pac-iSc Tinie.)
BAN FRANCISCO. Nov. 5—5 p. ra.
Thf followiEi are the seasonal rainfalls to ,
<5ate am :->rr.ij*.rei * ith thi^se of sanr date last ¦
r«a.<on and rainfall in last "4 hours: !
Isifl This Last ;
.-"t£.t:or.s — 24 hours season, season. '
Kurolca '•• 4.U4 3.37:
l'-Ml Blaff '•» 1-24 3.4*
¦.-¦-. cranrj-.to '¦• .50 t.CT I
rVandsce U) .<*6 1.70]
, ¦ -: •«» .<X» ¦ -42i
ln'l">v o "<i*n?» «•> Trace •*" j
LiTt» <"»t!s-i/3 Ow ."2 Z.00 I
:. ¦ .-. '.fr>5 (*> j .43 .:;*.' i
jaaDttp M ; .« £«]
THE COAST RECORD.
— 1
- 2 2 r I- rr ;
FTATIONS. j |g *S £§ 5 "* S\
1 '•¦'••'. • • i
Ha* r ....>> 1 4 4" .'i<» SE Rain ".02
• > a • n W.0H 13 '-U N Clear 0.<<>
:. i«-ka ».I9 »>4 4^ S\V Clear O.Vt]
I. tratton 3<».14 *X> Is NW Clear 0.0"»
Kjvm* :{'>.«:» »H 32 NW Cl,-ar 0.U»>
yi^tc^zrr .....¦»•. "4 «4 2S S Pt Ody ».(.x>
::.:•;• rA ••* ..rjt.rz >/, 52 Clear 0.C<>
• L ¦«¦ Vr.g"k-s..2;«.!»S 74 54 w dear 0.«n> 1
i:t.T?.^ia!pai^;0.14 .%* 4* NW Cl<-ar •'.«•• i
- .-." •.>- !-:-.-.;. .29. 7« .V5 4S S Clo-ody 0.-1J
Pboeux . . . -JH.U2 78 44 NW Pt Cldy 0.C-O
IVx-atfll- ...JK>.I« 54 W Clear 0.00
Portland 2*.) 76 5« 4»i SW Rain O.3<5
Pt Kev.> J30.W *2! T,2 NW Cl«-ar 0.<X)
Ht-i Bluff . . M0.V2 »4 4<i N Clear 0.00
'I. - box* . 2^'.i^ <2 42 SK Cloudy <».0J
. . 30 19 •¦»; 4u NW Clear 0.00 !
Salt L4dce....30.1« &i .Vi !=E Pt Cldy O..«> t
San Fran' co 30.14 At 54 W Clear O.00
S. L. QtokrpOk.3tt.9t ~2 r>4 -N Clear O.<«)
San Ditgo 2a.'.»; '*', r# NW Clear 0.00
t*e*ttl* •£*'•! :* 44 SE Cloudy 1.04
. Sp kane j&.si 4« 38 S Hain 0.»»l I
Tsto./»h 2-.«..".>> .V» 44 PW Rain 1.U0 I
Walla WaJla.^i« St '» 4'> SE Cloudy 0.14 J
Winnctnuf-'-a Sft.14 BJ 24 W Cloudy O.0<) •
Vuma 29.S8 *• Z*> NE Clear </.<X» i
___ 1
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
TT* rre^snre ha« fallen ranldly over the
northern «wi«t and ha« ris^n raoi«llr In the
. infrmountain reeion. A larre portion of the
norm has r>a*»ed east* ar-i <^ver the northern
' ti*-r of t-tat<*». A t>ort:on. however, remains
and will probably m<--ve Houthward, causing
¦rain ever Central and Northern California.
The t«mt>erature has ris?n slowly over the
greater r»orticn of the coe^t.
Th» fcllomlag high wir..is are reported
• N<-Tth H»-a4. 3u miles r*r hour. fro»r. the smith;
Portland, 32 miies, from the •aattnreac.
Korecert made at San Fraacii-.o f.>r M hour*
ending mldal-ht Xoccabcr t:
Northern California — Cloudy. unsettled
¦»oather Friday, with rain in Northern portion;
brisk southerly winds.
jVjtuhtrn California — Cioujy Friday,
light nnrtlwaft wind*, changlr.g to rnHiwf^
Nei-ad* — Cloudy; warmer Fn Jay.
San Francisco aa<1 vicinity — Fair Friday,
followed by cloudy watber aivt pnsbably rain
at night; llrht northeast w:n<ls, changing to
fresh southeaeteriy.
A. G. McADIE. District Forecaster. "
VEGETABLES? — Green Peas. 354c Der lb:
String Beans. 25? 3c per Ib: Wax. '-'.;('- v tc: Lima
Beans. S4'3'44c per lb: Tomatoes. 20«."0c per
box; Supmer Squash. .WQCSc I*r b<3x: Cabbage.
Oc p«— ctl: Carrot.*. 75c per sack; Cucumbers*
3.'><S50c p»r box; Garlic", 4'S.V per lb; Green
Peppers. 25$40e r*r box for Chile and SO^Sc
for Bell: Green Okra. i^V5?5c pfr box: Eik
Plant. 40fi."0o per box; Marrowfat Squash, $10
per tan; Hubbard. $12.
The Potato market was unchang*vl. with
strictly fancy offerings In fair request and
common stock abundant and dull. There is a
firmer feeling In river Burbanks, as receipts
are falling off. but prices stand unchanged.
Stockton reports a steady demand fcr shipment
to th* Southwest, but there are no shipping
order* rvcerved here. The market was over
stocked with Sweet Potatoes. Two cars cam»>
In from Merc«-d and were offering at the pre
viously quoted rate, hut did not clean up.
Colons were In rood supply, and unchanged.
Mo?t- kinds of vegetables were In free sup
ply and the demand was nothing unusual. Th?
quotations fcr Green Peas and String and Wax
Beana were obtained only for choice offerings
Poor stock, which constituted the bulk of »h«
i«uiiplies. was selling at 50cH*l 0O yr pack.
Receipts of Tomatoes wr>re light, owing to the
rain, but as the tr.-irte was well KuppUed with
the liberal offerings of the preceding day prices
were no higher. Summer Squash, Okra ami
Bell Peppers did better under decreased re
ceipts.
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river. SW)
70c per ctl: Salinas Burbanks. *11?1 .TO per ctl:
Or»e<-,n Burbank*. OCiiss.V rer ctl: Rivrr Reds,
S0&63C per ctl: Sweet Potatoes, $1 25 per ctl.
ONIONS — fWVBSSc per ctl. :
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour easy;
No. 2 sprln? wheat. .>24c; No. 3. 7«i < '24c:
No. 2 red. 7Ui«*i*0c; No. 2 corn. 44»*^H4c:
No: 2 yellow. 40%'e; No. 2 oats. 35»»c: No. .t
white, 34&3*c: No. 2 rye. 554c; itood feeding
t>arley. 3Vii414c; fair to choice malting. 4!Vtt
5lc; No. 1 flaxseed. 9<3c; No. 1 northwestern.
94c; prime tlir.othy seed $2 75; mess pork, per
bbl. Sll S0<??n 624; lard, per 100 lbs $rt S.MS
6 S74: B^ort ribs slflos (Iocs?). $7 25f7 m;
short clear sides (boxed), $1', »<74'g7 124; whjs
ky. basis cf high wines, fl 25; clover, contract
grade. $10 50f?10 60.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour barrels 32.S0O 2"4.tW«
Wheat, burhel* 221.S0O Ktt.OOO
Corn, bushels 813,300 2tS.0OO
Oats, bushel* 291.400 2t'!.9fO
Rye. bushels 14.2C") • 00O
Barley, bushels ,^...107.400 7.200
On the Produce Exchange to-day the but
ter market was steady. Creamery. 19*f2lc: dal
' «•>. 14©iSc: eggs firm. 194«214c; cheese
iteady. lO^^lle.
Oil stock — Bid. Asked.
AJma * 1 4O
Apollo 40
Associated Trust Cert 2O 25
Aztec 90
California Standard 11
Caribou 100 105
Central Point Con W »S
Chicago Crude 1« 21
Claremont 2t 30
Esperanza 150
Four 68
Fulton 4. 12!i
Giant 20
Hanford 132 CO 135 W
Home - 924 »"4
Imperial 18 00
Independence IB 19
Junction 19 20
Kern * 75 5 00
Kern River 13 00
Uon - 03 04
Monarch of Arizona 49 52
Monte Cristo SO
Occidental of W Va IS 19
OH City Petroleum 27 2S
Peerless 14 00
PIttsburg 20
Reed Crude 40 ....
S F and McKlttrtck 2 75
San Joaquin O & D 5 75
Senator t» 75
Sovereign 3D 4O
Sterling 2C5 275
Superior 0<J 07
Thirty-Three 7 5O
Taltec 51 25
Twenty-Eight 3 ,V» ....
West Shore 2 90 ....
Mlscellaneocs-^-
Ahby Lnnri and Imp 130
AUmeda SuKar 2O 00
American Biscuit 95 60
American District Tel
Cal Gas & Electric Corp
Cal Cotton Mills SS CO
Cal Jockey Club 105 00 .
Cal Shipping Co : 25 00
Cal Title Ins and Trust 130 fO 140 00
Central Bank of Oakland... flrt fn> ....
Chutes ifomnany 7SO S £1
Cvpress Lawn Imt> Co R S»> 7 21
Flscher"s Theater 200 25O
Gas Cons"mer< Assn 2250.
Honolulu Sugar 14 50
Northern Cal Power 7 0O
•North Shore Railroad « <*> 7 o«>
Orpreum Company 15 23 11 2Ti
Pacific Stot«si Tel A Tel 115 00
Para'flne Paint .rt CO.
s«n Francisco Pryrt<vk .... 47 10 ....
RVnitflrv Reduction Works.. 2 SO ' ....
S*usallt'» Land and Ferry.. 1B«» "
Snerrv FVnr fnmpany 27 5rt SO TO
Standard Electric 1*PO
TeRlfi Cost Co SO 00
Tntcke" E?«ctrtc M 13 ....
T'nion S"*»r Vt T<n ....
ITnited Gas and Ele<-tr!«« 34 50
SALES.
Mofnlns Session.
Board —
31 SO Superior oil •. M
400 Cal Standard Oil 10
Afternoon Session.
Board —
100 Soveretsrn Oil M
5O Kern Oil 5 CO
20 Sterling OU 2 75
1 Hanford Oil. s flO 131 0O
1 Hanford OH. s 90 .132 00
100O Asso OU Co Stock. Trust Cert 21
4000 Superior Oil 0«
105 North Shcre R R 6 00
Street—
700 Superior OH 06
California Stock andOil Exchange
All descriptions under this h»ad remain as
before Wool is dull, with stocks accumulat
ing Hops ar* firmly held and fairly active
and Ht<:e« are auiet anl rather weak.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands se;j
about me under quotations Heavy «ltr-a
Steers, !*: medium. So; light. .v.c; Cow Hide*
8c for heavy and .4e for light: Stags.. 5'* c;
Salted Kip. Pc: Salted \ eaF. 94c: Salted pair
10Uc; dry Hide*. 15c; dry Kip. 13c; dry Can'
Jfic r cheepsklns. »h<^irT!n?9. 25^3Oc »-a?h; short
Wool. *©««le each: medium. 7OS5H\:; k»ng
Wool. $13.1 50 each; Horse Hides, fsalt. *2 ?i
for large and $2^2 50 for medium. $1 25@1 73
for small and 50c for Celts; Horse Hides, dry
$1 75 for large and $1 r«0 'or medium. $l£l 25
fcr smalt and 50c for Cc!t- Buck Skins—Dry
Mexican. 32c: dry *altP-» M'Tlc:«n. 25c: dry
Central American. 32c. Crat ?klr« — Prime An
icrras. 7."c: large mfl 't-ivi 1 !, .V)c; medium.
?;."¦ wn»*L 2rc.
TAU.OW, No. 1 ren<1«=-<^1. 4«Cc per lb: No.
2 <r: eren^*. 2 1 4fl3c.
WOOT^ — Fall rVr> — ?an I'-squ'n Lambs*. Ofl
ITe: >f!i'.d!e Countv. 1}4I3p: Northern Fre».
\Wl2r-. Northern D»f»cti'-», tOWUc: Hnmboldt
and M<^nJo^lpn. 12«14c: Nevada. 13«l£c; Or^
gon. fine, isfil "-">?; Oregon, medium, 17c p«r lb.
HOPS— 2C£22>.:.c per lb.
Hides. T allow, Wool and Hops.
Oats. Nc. 2 —
D*c S5 35-\ 35 33>t,
May 3U 30' 4 36 36Vi
Mtss Pork, per bbl —
.Ian 12 HO .12 30 12 174 12 174
May 12 374 12 374 12 25 12 274
Lard per 1C0 its —
Dec f. S74 « 974 6 S74 6 074
Jan tl 5*0 C 974 B »0 tl 05
May ?{ K24 *i 03 6 90 6 95
Short Ribs. l*r 1<« lbs —
Jan n .1 j 1; 37 4 e 35 6 3.-,
Mar 6 43 6 45 6 424 6 424
Articles — Oprn. High. Low. Close.
Wheat. No. 2—
, Dec 7S4 7«4 77% 7StJ
May 7S'i 7S»j 7SV» 7S4
Corn, No. 2—
•Dec 44 44% 43% 444
; May 4.1% 43»s 43 434
'July 42%- 434 42»i Wi
TONOPAH MINES.
'Bid. Ask.! Bid. Ask.
Colehan — Is Ton * Cal — 25
Esperanza ... 01 02 Trm A G W. . 01 O4
MacNamara . C9 15 Ton cf Nev. .. — 6 CO
Montana Ton. 9<> 94 Ten N Star.. 30 31
Paymaster ... — f 5 Ton Midway.. 34 33
Pine Grove... — 13 ; Ton A S Lake 13 —
Rescue 03 — (United Ton.. — 12
Ton Belmont. — 1 C0|
WEDNESDAY. Nov. 5 — » p. m.
Bid.Ask.. V. Bid.Ask.
Alpha. 05 Oti Julia 05 88
Alta C2 (« Justice 03 »>4
Andes 17 IS Keatuck <W M
Belcher 13 lS.Keyes 1 75 1 s»
Best A Belch. 1 35 1 40 Mexican !« 01
Bullion 09 10 Occidental . . . 25 27
Caledonia ...«1 05 1 !¦> Ophlr ."...1 35 1 40
Challenge Con 22 24 Overman 22 21
Chollar in 14 Potosl 12 l:
Confldence ... M 65 Savage 15 \n
Con Cal & Va.l 10 1 15 Scorptcn 0; ti :
Con Imperial. At 04 Seg Belcher.. «¦» -.:>
Con New York 05 06 Sierra Nevada 31 S::
Crown Point.. 14 16 Silver Hill 5S CO
Eureka Con... — 50 St Louis 11 —
Exchequer ... IS 10 Syndicate .... — C3
Gould A Cur. 22 23 Union -Con.... 42 44
Hale &. Norc. 57 60;T*tah 14 IS
Lady Wash... 03 04 Yellow Jacket 33 4i>
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Arrivals Of Beans continue very much light
er than for the past fortnight, those of yes
terday being only lt'24 sacks, but the market
is still weak, as supplies are heavy and in
excess of the demand. Quotations show no fur
ther variation.
BEANS— iiayos. 12 15fi2 40; P ra , $3 05 ;
Butters. $3 23: small \\ hlte. f2 90-S3 io- large
White. $2 2062 5<>: Pink. $2 10112 .10; Red
$2 9OS3; Lima, ?2 7.*>«2 95; Red Kidneys |4-
Blackeye, *2 1^2 25 ctl; Hcrse Beans,"
$1 5d32.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard. $3; Yellow Mus
tard, (2 75-32 >>0: Flax. SI 70<il »0; Canary.
C©"5Uc fcr Eastern; Alfalfa. 12&13c; Rape.
l%Q£\Le; Timothy. «"4?»54c: Hemp, iMt^'y^c
per lb: Millet. 3©.'J4c; Broom Corn Eeed. (20ft
23 p*r ton.
DRIED PEAS— Green. $1 80^2 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
HAT— Was flrrr.T again yesterday, owing to
clear skl«-s and comparatively moderate re
r-icts There was no change In feodatuffs
BKAN-$20 .W&V2 per ton.
MIDDLINGS — $J*><&2S per ton.
«HOKT5— *2» :-W-- l>«r ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Parley. |24gC5 p»r
ton- Olicake Meal at the mill $2t^2« 50; job
bing. $27«27 50; Cocoanut Cake, $2H?22; Ccrn
Meal $"^31: Cracked Corn. $.J6 5(^g31 50-
Mfxed Feed. »22 50«2:J 50; Horse Beani! *30«
??j|1t— WkMi. »14«16 .10: Wheat and Oat
$13 SW1< E0; Oat : *12 50^14 50: wild Oat.'
sll iAKtU 50; Barley, JUSJ13; Stock, »lfreil
AlfaUa. $««««» per ton
STRAW— 4O'£63c p"r bale.
Hav and Feedstuff s.
The Western markets continue heavy and
not materially changed. This market Is fea
tureU*s ar.d stands about a"S before.
The markets stood about the same alt over
the country yesterday.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12c per lb for
heavy 124c for light medium, 144c for light,
i'c for extra light. 18c for sugar-cured and
10c for extra sugar-cured; Eastern sugar-curej
Hams. 15»4c; California Hams. I4\c: Mess
Beef. tU 50 per bbl: extra Mess . Sl2gl2 SC;
Fam ly. S13S13 50: prime Mess Pork. $19; extra
e'ear *2P; Mess-*20: Dry Salted Pork. 12u.c;
Pig Pork. 52S ; i^s' Feet. $5 25; Smoked Beef.
15 LARD-^Tlerces quoted at 7V 4 e per lb f ur
compound and 920Uc for pure; half barrels.
pu« P 94c: JA-Ib ttaUDgndci 5-lb tins. io H&
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 0X,e; three
half barrels. 9Vic: one tierce. 9^c; two tierces,
•jc- five tierce*. 8%c per lb.
Provisions.
Lard was the strong item In the provision
i market and showed a fair advance on a srood,
demand from shorts, but other products were
; easier, January pork closed 7UfzJ(jc lower,
; lard 10c hieher and ribs a shade "higher. ¦
The leading futures ranged as follows :
CHICAGO. 'Nov. 5. — There was a renewal
I of the se-llin*r pressure ln # December wheat
] which has characterized trading the past few
j day s at the ttart to-day and during the open
. ing hour that delivery declined to a point tx»
j low what May was selling at. N>w» vea
¦ again decidedly bearish . beicre the opening,
1 tables being frenerally weak, receipts larger
and weather favorable. and many traders
[ earned inclined to dispose of their holdings.
After opening unchanged to v»o lower at
7s'. 4 g7{>4c December quickly declined to K*i<".
I There was a good demand for May throughout.
: and that month was rtrm and ter.d»d to aup
| port the nearby option. Tewar-1 the noon
j hour reaction not In. which resulted in a re
j covery of moet of the early looses. December
• closed with a. Iofs of H.'JViC at 7S?i@7S%c.
Complaints from reliable sources continued
! to come In regarding- the poor condition of the
¦ corn crup. and with general commisslon-hou*e»
the sentiment wan quite bullish. Dfcembfr
; closed "- s c hisher at 4l';c.
Oats ruled firm in sympathy with the
\ strength in corn. December closed %c higher
; at oj^e.
Chicago Grain Market.
FLOUR— California ' Family Extras, $4 60<9
4 S5 usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 5Og4 60;
Oregon and Washington. |3 00(84, 20 pe r b bl
for Family and *3 40 for Bakers'.
MILLST.CFFS— Prices in packages are as
follows-. Graham Flour. >3 25 p*r • 100 ]b*.
Rye Flour. <3 23: Rye Meal. $.T; Rice Flour.
J7- Corn Meat. *3 25; extra cream dq. $4; Oat
Groats, fl 50; Hominy »4Q '} .25; Buckwheat
Flour $* W*8 4 ''•>'< Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Fa
rina $4 MJ Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Relied
Oats' bbla. $7 2SJ?S «); in sacks. $8 75®S 10;
Pearl Barley. 90; Split Peas, boxes. ?7; Green
Peas. $5 .'.0 p*r 10O lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
. Atchlson rfd 2.000 &>% K»H 80
j Ba'.to & Ohio 15.100 75\ 74* 4 74%
I Balto & Ohio pfd S7 1 *
' Canadian Pac'.flc... 3,000 11SV* 117% 117H
! Certxal of N J 150
; Che« 4 Ohio 900 3OH 29** 2»"-4
Chicago & Alton.. 2.900 2S 27H 27S
1 Chi & Alton pfd... 400 64 64 64
1 Ch! & G W 200 15H 14T£ 15
! Chi & G W B pfd. 100 25*, 25^ 25*i,
' CM & S W 1,000 104H 164 1«»%
' Chi Term & Trans 8*&
: CM Term A T pfd. 100 IS 18 17^
r C C i St Louli 72
folo Southern 200 12H 124 12Vi
Colo So 1st pfd... 200 544 54 5.1U
roio S^> 2<i Pfd - - - 200 22 22 21
Del & Hudscn ... 300 154 153 152
Del Lack«& \V ! 231
Decver 4 Rio O lS»i
Dmver ft R G pM. 100 67»i .67»i €5
, Erie 7.RO0 27 26^, 26^
Erie 1st pfd 1.200 66*» 66 • 6fl
Erie 21 pM 900 49 48 4S
. Or<°*t North«*rn pfd 16O
, Hocking Valley 71
! Hockir-g Val pfd.. 100 81 H S1H 81
1 Illinois Central ... 200 131 131 130V,
; Iowa Central 19
I Iowa Central pfd 32
; Kansas City So IS
! Kansas City So pfd 3O
> Loxt & Nash 1.900 100*, P9H ,»9^
ManhattanL 700 135S I** 1 * 134S
Met fit Ry 30<> IIOH 10a^; 109
Minn & Pt Louis. 100 M% 46 3^ 44
Missouri Pacific... 37.500 01H S9 89
Mo Kan & Tex.... 200 10 16 Vlfi
' Mo Kan & T pfd. 200 35 35 35
N R R of M*x pM 374
i N T Central 4.500 HS'i 119 116?*
1 Norfolk A '.Vest era. TOO 564 Mig 56
1 Xor & West r'l 3
j Ontario & WTitern l.Ot» 20i, 1S* 4 10^
: Pennsylvania 44.."<V» H7S H^^ 'Hfi'j
Pitts C C & St L. 100-59 53 55
I Reading- 9.&*i 44H *t 4*H
: Reading 1ft pffl 77
i Reading 2J pfd «O
, Rock Island Co 13.70O 24\ 24 24
Rock Island Co pfd 1.10O 5S i 5T* 4 57»-j
Pt Louis * S F 53
Pt L & ? F let f fd C<>
Et L & 8 F 21 pfd. 7W 4«H 43 45
; ft Louis S \V ir>0 13 13 13
I f t L 5 \V pfd... e0«l 30H SO 29%
: St Paul 15.300 13914 1374 1*H4
1st Paul rfd 172
' Southern Taciflc .. 5.<Wi> 42 41 41 H
; Southern Ry 2.7(O is 17^ 17>i
1 Southern Ry pfd... POO 7414 734 73
i Tex^s & Paclflc .. 700 23'm 22% 22 s i
' Tol Pt L & "W -1^4
i Tol St L 4- XV pfi- 25
! Union Pcclflc 21.5CO 71', 70*4 70"^
* Union Pacific pfd.. 200 854 S54 M
i \Vabach 13%
: Wabash P M 5.400 r,S4 31^ 8 31%
! Wher-1 & L Erie 144
! Wtsccr-Fin Central 300 16 l-"4 *5H
. VTlg Cent rfd 200 344 34 33^
Express Companies —
! Adams 22TT
Arr^rican 1 •'*•''
I"r.tt<»d States ICO
Wells Fargo "0D
M.soel!an*ouf —
Ama! Copp«T 30,500 381; W» W4
AKer Car & F. . . . 3.R00 19J-* 1*\ lS^s
Arner C & F rfd-- 400 . 00 634 05
Amor IJn Oil 9 l i
Amer Un Oil pfd. 2OO 27 27 25
Am?r Loco 2..!0<) 134 12*; 12'i
Amer Loco pfd . . 100 ' 76 76 75
Amer S & R'f.... 2.VH 434 41T, 41%
Amer S & Ref pfd. COO 87 4 87 SS
Arr.er S-jjrar Ref . . 1.5<» 116 1U?4 lHH
Anaxxnda Mtn Co.. 100 «5 05 «2
Brrokl>-n R Tran. ll.flOO 36 :n\- 34",
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 200 30 20 U 30
i Columbus * HocVc C 1"
Confolidatfd Gas .. 4'"0 175 1744 17::4
Gen»ral E'.ertr;c .. :>» 14'J 147 14^4
Ir.trr Par*r 700 11 104 104
I Inter Par^r pfd 61
I Inter Pump 31
[Inter Pump pfd Rs
' Natlorjil Biscuit 34
I National Lead 2C<> 114 114 I 1
North American .. V*> 70 70 70
Pacific Mall 1<» 204 2<K« 204
Peoples Gas U»00 93*4 «% «
IYesjcd Ste^l Car. 2.WH) 274 2«v« 2t>\
Pr»«?ed Steel C pfd *0O 68 . 67% «7
P^jllman Pal Car 21.">
P.fpublic Steel 2.600- .7% fi*i «*?
RecuWic !?;e<rl pfd. 10.WW 504 4S% 49
Rubber Goods 100 144 144 M
Rubber Goods pfd. 100 KS CH
T*>nn Coal t Iron.. 2.CD0 i^\ 274 27}4
V P Leather «<» 74 74 J4
D S Leather pfd.. 7<JO 76»» 74 .54
B S Rubhcr 2<X> 34 94 flI i
V 55 Rubber pfd 35
I- s steel 57.900 12% 10% 11.
I" S i-teel pfd ...141.«X> 574 UH 54 %
Western Unlcn 100 83 • S3 S3
Total shares soH. 517.900
Vail El) RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK Nov. 5. — Bend transactions O{
fnlted RailrcaJj of San Francisco: 10.UCO at
76 T *i
NEW YORK BONDS.
Several letters have been received by the
State board taking up the cause of the com
mission men and the tendency of their argu
ment is toward a defense of th« men who
handle the product. The investigation, while
Instituted in the Interest of the grower with
the purpose of helping him obtain the b#st
possible prices for his product, will t>e carried
on from an absolutely impartial standpoint,
with a view toward aso;rtaimrs accurately th«
exact conditions existing and establishing by
comprehensive data any conclusion that may
be arrived at. The State bcarrl does* not start
out with a fixed purpose to prove some ore
particular cause of conditions of which com
plaint Is made, but on the contrary, to first,
by full investigation, establish as a ti<:< just
what the conditions actually are. and then, by
farther Investigation, determine the fault, and
if possible, provide a remedy. It has already
become evident that, to accomplish adequate
results, the Investigation must be very thor
ough and comprehensive, and carried on from
an unprejudiced standpoint. The Interest al
ready manifest is decidedly encouraging and
premises valuable assistance.
Next Tuesday afternoon the State Board
of Trade will consider a report to b# sub
mitted by Manager Brl&gs relative to an
investigation of the manner in which Cal
ifornia fruit is marketed in San Francisco
I and al3o in the distributing centers of the
Eastern States. Mr. Brigsa was instruct
ed by the board some time ag>> to make
a report dealing with the feasibility of
] having the entire subject of marketing
Investigated and also to report concerning
the probable cost of such a search for
facts. The producers have received a pro
: portionately small part of the money ac
| tually received for their fruits when sold.
! The reasons are sought by the State
Board of Trade.
The fruit marketing season cf 1303 ij
j practically ended. .For this reason it Is
' probable that the investigation by the
State Board -of Trade will begin in. thU
city. Al! Information that Is possible will
be gathered here arid may form the basis
of a separate report later, as the Eastern
and San Francisco marketing proposition*
have no Immediate connection, being han
dled by entirely different parties. Work
in the East can hardly begin until an
other season. It will be. here and In the
East, possible to trace shipments of fruit
and to ascertain Just what pries is re
ceived for them and to learn all their his
tory from the time they leave the hands
of the producers until some return U
¦ made fcr them by the commission men.
Manager Briggs makes the following
statement: l
Late mail advices from New York say:
"The situation In Raisins Is practically the
same." the business doing being of the tamo
proportions as noced yesterday. There is like
ly to be no change in prices, so long as the
present contracts hold. Sultanas are going
out freely at the present low prices. The
coast market on Prunes la . a shade weaker.
There Is li!t!e spot business doing, though the
export demand- continues very Fatlsfactory.
The Currant market is easy at 4^c, though
some holders claim to be getting 5c for small
lots There is little or no change in Apricots
or Peaches The detnand for Figs continues
undlmintshed In Us briskness. There was sold
3CO cases and 1COO bags new crop Smyrnan.
details of which will be found below. Dates
show a very satisfactory trade."
FKU IT— Apricots, 7©>^c lor Royals and 9^
10c for Mcorparks; Evaporated Apples, 4^5^c;
sun-dried 3V-«J4c; Peaches, 4V;e«JV4c; pears.
ti«tlOc Nectarines. 4©5'4c: Figs, white. Office
»n bores; black. 4^c; Plums, pitted. e@Se per
""PRUNES — 1903 crop, 2U®3c "for the four
RAISINS — F. .0. b. prices. Fresno, for 1D03
crop; 50-lb ' boxes— Loose Muscatel, 2-crown.
5V. C per Ifc; 3-crov.n. 5%c; 4-crown. 64c; Seed
le«s Muscatels. iKC do floated. 4Vie; un
bleached Sultana*. 4Vjc; Thompson's Seedless.
5«,ic London Layers — 2-crown. 51 25; 3-crown.
$l~33- 4-crown clusters, ft; j-crown Debesas,
$•• 30- 6-crown Imperials. $3; Malaga Locae. 2
crown 5c p«r lb; do 3-crown. 5%c; Valencia
Cured 4'4c; Pacific do, 3*;c; Oriental do, -2%?.
deeded Raisins — 16-oz. packages, fancy. Sc per
lb- choice. 7"ic; 12-oz. packages, fancy. (5^ e;
choice b?ic: in bulk, fancy. 7?ic; choice. 7?ic.
\i;TS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 13^c; No.
2 "llHc- Na 1 har>i*hell. 13c; No. 2, lie; Al
monds lie for Nonpareils. 10^c for I X L.
lOUc for Ne Plux UltraB and S%c for Langue
doc* Peanuts. 6S7c for Eastern; Pecans, ny
irjc: Cocoanut.". $4 50^5: California Chestnuts,
lo«?'l oc per lb:
HONEY— Comb. new. 12Q14e fcr white and
USllc fcr amber: new water white extracted."
5SC6c; light amber extracted. 4J.i*j'5^c; dark,
4£ BEESWAX— 27®2&c £er lb.
Dried Fruits,Nuts, Raisins, Honey
APRItXlTS— Show little change In the con
ditions recently noted. Choice quoted at 9^0
a^ic; extra choice at 10@ll>Hc. anl ¦ fancy at
ll@12iic •
PEACHES — Remain quiet, but su-ady, with,
choic* quoted at 7^S7*iC; extra choice at
'Xfrs^c; fancy at 9>*@lu»-ic.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market con
tinues flrm, attractive fruit being In light
supply, while demand Is good In proportion to
stocks. Common is quoted at 4{j5v,e; prime,
5}g'gt^; choice, 6"" 4 gti»4c; fancy. 7c
PRUNES — Quiet, with quotations ranging
from 3>*e to 7c for all wades.
SUGAR— Raw, steady; fair refined. 3 5-lfic:
centrifugal, w; test, 3^c; rnohuses sugar.
3 ll-16c; refined, quiet.
COFFEB — Spot, firm; No. 7 Invoice. C 13-16C;
mllJ, firm; Cordova. 7* 4 1}l2Vic. Futures closed
•teady. l.Vg:M points higher; lales 4'J.000 bags;
November, 5.45c; December, S.oOc; January.
5.75c; March, 5.85<£Cc; July, 6.15g»J.35c; Sep
tember. C.25SU.45C.
DRIED FRUITS, i
WHEAT— Receipts. 12S.700 bushels; exports,
47,411 bushels; spot, easier; No. 2 rtd, 85»sC
f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth, sS^c f.
o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Manitoba, nominal,
f. o. b. afloat. Options experienced considerable
heaviness this morning, particularly In De
cember, due to active liquidation, larger North
west recetots and bearish cables. May closed
at £2 11-ltic; July, 79&C; December, 6i 13-10c.
HIDES — Steady.
HOPS— <iulet.
WOOL— Finn.
NEW YORK. Nov. 5.— FLOUR— Receipts.
53,000 barrels; exports, 7080 barrels; dull and
easier.
New York Grain and Produce.
Local Conditions May First
Be Probed Thoroughly
by Briggs.
Silver declines fac. Sterling Exchange slightly weaker.
Xczv York Stock Market srjcral points lower on the day.
Local Securities still quiet. Oil stocks neglected.
Wheat in moderate offering and light detnand.
Barley, Oats, Corn and Rye as before quoted.
Xo further cJuxnge in Hay or Feedstuff s.
Beans still weak, though receipts have materially diminished.
Eggs show a wider range. Butter and Cheese unchanged.
Wool dull and weak. Hops steady and Hides quiet and easy.
Ample supplies of Beef, Mutton and Pork.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables about as before.
Poultry in light receipt and ft rmcr. Game steady.
Fresh Fruit Market shows little variation.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Den & R G pfd.. 60*;, Union Paclnc 74
Erie 27HIUnlon Paclflc pfd. 88
Erie 1st pfd CSS U 8 Steel .' 12ft
Erie 2d pfd SO'jj Do pfd 59
Illinois Central. ..134 Vk 1 Wabash 19H
Louivl & Nash... 103^ I Wabaih pfd 34Vi
Mo. Kara & Tex. 17V4*
Bar silver, uncertain, 27Ud per ounce.
Money, lVi«?2H Per cent. Ttte rate of dis
count in the open market for short bills la
3*. #4 per cent, and for three montbs' bills 33»
per cent. • .
Two Investigations May
Be Necessary to
Get Facts.
$1000 Market-St Cable 6s IIS 00
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bld.Ask.f B1d.Ask
1s qr Coup. ..110 — iis qr n*w... 134 4 135*1
«s qr r»K...limilJv,:r.s qr coup.. 1084 —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — I Do b — 110
Bay CPC 5s. — 104 Do con 6a. — 103
Cal C O 5s. 1044 — . 10 W C G 5s — 874
Cal C <i E g 'Oceanic S 5s. 75 79
m ft ct 5s. t- 1024 Om C R Cs. — 122
Cal-st 5s ... — — Pac' SIid49 — 87
C C Wat 5s. — 100 P E Ry 5s.. 105 1084
E L A P Cs.125 — PACK 0s. — —
F & C H 6s. — 116 P & O R 60.110^120
Geary-'st 5s.. 45 00 Powell-st 03.113>4 —
H C&S 5^8.101 — S E G&R 5n. — 101 H
H C A S 5s. 0*41(0 SF A SJV5all6Tsll7
Hon R T t*.lC3H108 S R of V 88.1124 —
L A £3ec &s.l«41054 SFofAd
L A Ry 5s.. 11341134 <19C0) 107*4108
L A L Co 6s. - — (1910) ..•..I08* 4 10e«i
Do gtd 6s. — — S P of C ft
Do gtd 5s.lO2VilO3ti . <1903)Sr A.I02^102*i
LAP lem 5s. — 1UJ (lnOCi)Sr B. — 103»;
Mkt-st C Cs.ll7*i — (1906) 1O44106
Do 1 cm."*. — 114 (1912) 114 115
NRR of C 0s — 107% SPC leg- 5«. — —
Do 5s 1144116 Do »tmp«L10e*il06%-
N P C R 6s. — 1084 3 P B R Cs.132 —
N C R 5*.. — 112 S V W 69..103vi —
NCPCJj.- — Do 4s 2dm. OS ft 90
N 8 R R 5s. — -100 Do 4s 3dm. 09 —
O G L H 5s.lO7 — 5tkn GAE 611 03 102H
O T Co 6s... — 119 U G & E 5a. — 105
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 41 '4 45 /Port Costa.. — —
Marin O>... Cl — iSp V W CO. 30H 30%
QAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L, *, P. 3% 5 Eac E G 4 R — —
Mutual EL.— 11 |S F G & E. 67 6S
Oak G LAH. — — is F Gas 3 3%
Pac G Im.. — 55 jStkn G A E. 5 —
Pac L Co... 55% — iU G ft E... — —
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F G & E. COH 68
IN'BURAXCB.
Flrem's Fnd.320 —
BANK STOCKS.
Am Nat Bk. — 125 ILP4 A 1«O 170
Anglo-Cal .. — 02H Mer Trust.. 23O —
Bank of Cal. i- 475 Merch Ex... — —
Cal Safe Dp. — 160 S F Natlonl — —
First Natlonl — — )
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L. — — '• Sar & L So. — —
Hum SAL. — — Sec 8av Bk.400 500
Mutual Sav. — HO Union T Co. — —
S F Sav U.GOO —
•STREET RAILROADS.
California..— 205 | Presidio 37 40&
Ceary — 80 |
POWDER.
Giant .*.. 66 67 A'lgorlt — 4%
SUGAR.
Hana P Co. 40c — Kllauea S C. — «
Hawaiian C. 44 — Makawell C. 22>>i 23
Honckaa. S C 13 U 13 H Ononiea S C. 31 h 33
Hutch SPC 10'* 10V* Paauhau S C — 16
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Packl49fil5O [Oceanic 3 C. — 7
Cal Fruit As — »4 1 Pac A F A. 2% —
Cal Wine As 92*4 1*3^4; Pac C Borx.167 —
Mbrnlns Session.
Board —
5 Alaska Packers" Assn 149 87 »i
15 Honokaa 13 25
20O Spring Valley Water Co 33 50
Street —
$1000 S F & S J Valley bonds 117 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
15 Alaska Packers' Assn 143 75
M Cal W!ne Asan 93 00
50 Hutchinson S P Co 10 12^
25 Hutchinson S P Co 10 25
$3G<«) S P Cal 1st Cons 5s (stamped). ICtS 25
$I0W> S F & S J V bonds 117 00
Street —
THURSDAY, Nov. 6—2 p. ra.
Stock and Bond Exchange.
Decenaber — *1 13%. . .
OATS — Ruk steady at the familiar quota
tiors, with a . fair local Jobblnr lnqruiry and
ample offerings.
White, Jl ;u<</1 324: Black. $1 40@l 624;
Red ?1 20^1 25 for teed and $1 25@1 85 for
Beed": Gray. *1 22%©1 274 per ctl.
CORN Continues steady, with dealers quot
ing previous prices. The demand is not large.
Western sacked. SI 3O©1 32% for Yellow.
$1 3C<jrl 824 for White and $1 30 for mixed;
California large Yellow, $1 35©1 40; small
round do, $1 SC<?1 60: White, fl 35<gl 40 per
"rYE— $1 25$?I 30 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $2 25«2 50 per ctl.
Feed. $1 1S%©1 1«%: Shipping and Brewing.
$1 20©l 22V- ; Chevalier. $1 2O®1 43 for fair to
ChOlCC - FUTURES.
Session 0 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close
December ...SI 14 Jl 14 $1 13*4 $113*;
2 p. m. Session.
BARLEY — Quotations remain unchanged,
with a quiet ar.d steady market. Future-;
are dull.
CASH BARLEY.
No sales.
California Club. $1 40<gl 43: California White
Australian. ?1 50@l 55: Northern Club. $1 4O
©1 424 • Northern Blue Stem. $1 G0@l 35; Ore
gon Valley. $1 40© 1 45 per ctl.
FUTURES.
Eetsion 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High.. Low. Close.
December . . .$1 40% $1 4O»4 SI 40^ $1 40\i
May 1 3S4 1 38 H 138% 1 3S4
2 p. m. Session.
CASH WHEAT.
WHEAT— There was some liquidation at
Chicago on account of the heavy receipts, but
the market showed little decline. Rains were
reported helping the crop, the outlook for
which 1% generally favorable, though It is still
too do- in portions of the Central States.
There is no particular change In this mar
ket. Offerings were light and are met" with a
moderate demand. Quotations remain un
changed.
Wheat and Other Grains.
FRUIT MARKET
REPORT READY
STRAWBERRIES — Lorlgworths. per
chest; large Berries, $2@3 50 for Mallndas and
$5@7 for the other varieties.
RASPBERRIES— $6®7 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES — . per lb.
CRANBERKIE3 — Capo Cod, to arrive,
$11 25; Jerseys, spot. $10 "5 per bbl; Coos
Bay. $2 5063 per box.
APPLES — 00c®$l 25 per box for fancy, 50©
85c for good to choice and 25©40c for common.
PEARS— *1@1 50 P«r box tcr fancy. Winter
Nellis and 50@75c for other- varieties. N
QUINCES — K)@60c per box.
FIGS— 30c<8»l P" box.-
POMEGRANATES — 75@85c for small boxes
and $1 75<g2 50 for larse.-
PERSIMMONS— 75c®$l per box.
PLUMS— Coe's late red. 40©e0c per box.
GRA.PES 30S?5Oe for small boxes. 40@^5c
for crates and ?1@1 75 for large open boxes.
• NUTMEG MELONS — 50@75c per box.
CITRUS FRUITS — Valencia Oranges, $1 50©
3 50 per box; Lemons, $1@2 50 per box: Grape
FrultT $1 50©2 50; Mexican Limes, $4©4 50;
Banana* $1 &0<g2 per buncfj for Hawaiian and
$2 25©3 for Central American; Pineapples, $2©
2 50 cer <2oten.
up. The other deciduous fruits had no note
worthy change.
Citrus and tropical fruits were dull and fea
tureless.
Ex-dlvldend yesterday — Paclflc Lighting
Company, regular monthly. 35c p«r share,
amounting to $14,000; Or.omea." Sugar Com
pany, regular monthly. 40e per share. amount-
Ing to $20,000; Chutes Company, 5c.
ket and quotations showed no change deserv
ing 1 comment
The Cbollar Mining Company has levied
an assessment of 10c.
Silver, rcr ounce — SS*i
Mexican Dellars 43 @ 45%
dining %e- Sterling exchange wu slightly
weaker. .
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 81%
Sterling Exchange, eight — 4 85
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 s«
New York Exchange, sirht — 02%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — .05
THE SAN FRAIs CISCO CALL., FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1903.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Mare Island and VaT2«lo Staamar*.
Steamer GES. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
9:45 a. ro.. 3:15 and S:3O p. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday. 9:43 a." m., S:3O p. m. Leave VaKejo.
7 a. m^ 12:30 and « p. m.. ex. Sunday. Boa
da y. T a. m. 4:15 p. m. Far*. 50 cents. TeL
Main 15U3. Pier 2, Misiton-st. dock. SAXCU
BROS.
Dullness continued to characterize the mar-
Exchange and Bullion.
Silver continued on the down grade, de-
STOCK MARKET.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
11
OCEAN TRAVEL.
J x < ?VC"7 f> V • Steamers leave Saa Fran-'
/tJ& — *®\ Cisco as follows:
fyrJL XiffV For Ketchikan, Wrangel.
AlV^fWS* >J >\ Juneau. H^:n»s. S'*ig"*.iy.
I I xSLSSva I 1 * ic Alaska— 11 a. m.. Nov.
I \ \T?'m ' J 7 1^. IT. 22. 27. Dec. 2.
Y*iv \\ Chang* to company's steam-
VJf^lL— soy * n & t Seattle.
>2>i5>Jv>^ For Victoria, Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
coma. Everett. Whatccm— 11 a. ra.. Nov. 7.
12. 17. 22. 27, Dec. 2. — Change at Seattle t»
this company's steamers for Alaska and G. N.
Ry. : at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry. : at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (HumbolcJt Bay)— Pcmon*. 1:30
P. m.. Nov. 6. 12. IS. 24 3«> D»c. «: Corona.
1:"J> p. m.. Nov. 9. 15. 21. 27. Dec. 3.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles anl
Redondc). San D'.ego and Santa Barbara —
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 0am
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a, tn.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Crua. Mon-
terey. San Stmecn. Cayucos. Pert Harford (San
Luis Oblspo) Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay 9 a. m.. Nov 9. 17. 25. Dec. 3.
Bonlta. 0 a. m.. Nov. 5. 13. 21. 29. Dec. 7.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. Saa Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa r.>-
ealia. Guaymas (Mex. >. 10 a. m. . 7th cf, each
month. .
Fcr further Information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or sail-
ing dates.
TICKET OFFICES — 4 N'ew Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street anl
Broadway wharves.
Freight office 10 Market street.
C. D. Dl'NAXN. General Passenger Agent,
10 Market street. San Francisco.
O. R. & /V. CO.
¦ "Columbia" sails No. 9, 19. 29. D»c. 9. 13.
29. "George W. Elder" sails. Nov. 14. 24.
Dec. 4. 14. 2*. Only steamship line to PORT-
LAND. OR. and short rail line from Portland
to all points Cast. Through tickets to all
points, ail rail or steamship and rail at LOW-
EST .RATES. Steamer tickets include berth
and m'als. Steamer sails foot of Spear «t.
at It a. m. S. F. BOOTH. Gen. Agt. Pass.
Dept.. 1 Montgomery St.: C. CLIFFORD. Gen.
Agt. Freight Dept. 3 Montgomery
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO .)
Steamers trill leave wharf, cornsr First awl
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hlognt.
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with .steamers for India, etc. No
cargo received en board on -ray of sailing.
S. S. AMERICA MARU !
..." Tuesday. November 10. W3
S. S. HONGKONG MARU
Thursday. December 3. 19CC
S. S. NIPPON MARU (Calltng at Manila)
Wednesday. December 2f». 19-tt
Via Honolulu. Round- trip tickets at reduced
rate*. Fcr freight and passage apply at Com-
pany's office. 421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
oceaBics.s.co.^^;^
S. S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Nov. 7. 11 a.m.
S. S. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney, Thursday. Nov. 13, 2 p. m.
S. S. MARIPOSA, for Tahiti. Dec. 1. 11 a. m.
4*J?U!KUl823S.B..IjXfost2&3,5<3Sam!a
C0KPAS9IX GSS2XALS TKAK3ATLA2CTI37S.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. a**»
Sailing every Thursday instead of +e?r3Z*
Saturday, at- 10 a. m., from Pier 42, ¦ ¦**¦"»!»
North River, foot of Morton street.
First-class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
end-class to' Havre, $45 and upward.- GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (liaison Butld'.ar>.
New York. J. F. FUGAZI A CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, & Montgomery avenue. San Fracnlsco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.THE SAN FB AN CISCO" CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1903.
12
EMPLOYJIEXT OFFICES— Continued
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
¦ nee: all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 6188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. M«ln 1907. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMl'LOVMEXT WANTED FEMALE.
RESPECTABLE woman, good cook, will do
some washing In private American family;
will go a sh'ort ways in the country; kind to
children; with refs. 794 Folsom st., near 4th.
REFINED woman, with 10-year-old daughter,
¦ wants good home and light work in nice fam-
. ily, with time for study; no fakers. Apply
at 214 .Sixth st.
LAUNDRESS wishes work by the day, wash-
Ing and ironing or housecleanlng. Box 2931,
Call office.
TWO young Swedish girls wish places as cook
and second girl; wages $30 and $25. Call
at 1670 Eleventh st.. West Oakland.
SITUATION wanted; permanent, extra or day,"
* as waitress cook or chamberwork. Box
2927. Call office.
POSITIONS wanted for waitress and second
girl. 2207^i Pine st.
HAIRDRESSER, manicurist, etc.. from an-
other city, will exchange work about one
month for special instruction on combing.
Address LEBLEY. box 20fr, Call.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman would iike a situa-
tion to take care of an Invalid or one child
or do general housework. 2738 Bryant st.
GERMAN lady wishes position aa cook or
housework In a small family; wages $30. 127
Third at.
A LADY would like to cook for men «r do
chamber work a little ways out cf the city.
Apply 315 Sutter et., upstairs.
NORWEGIAN girl wishes to do housework In
a small family. l.'!55 Stevenson st.
A COMPETENT German lady would like work
by the day. Call at 128A Eighth St.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch offlce, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
EMPLOYMENT WASTER — MALE.
SPLENDID gardener, also man about place,
wish situation: best of references. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacramento Bt.
TWO cooks with their wives, as helpers wish
situations In city or, country. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., 331 Sutter St.
ENGAGEMENT wanted as watchman, care-
taker cr in any similar capacity by sober and
thoroughly reliable man; used to care o f
machinery, etc., and handy with tools; refer-
ences. Address box 2921, Call offlce.
YOUNG student wants position during spare
hours by which he may earn board and room;
one that can make himself handy; speaks
German. Box 21)22, Call offlce.
GERMAN, sober, reliable, capable taking care
of horse?, garden, etc., wants situation, pri-
vate place, city or country. Box 2928, Call.
YOUNG man, German descent, wishes job. In
wholesale house or drive a light wagon. Ad-
dress G. H. M., box 292*. Call offlce.
BARBER wishes place to work short hours.
Address box 21)26, Call office.
SANDSTONE and marble cutter wants posi-
tion, city or country. 3SS Fifth st.
WANTED— Position as clerk, bookkeeper or
• manager by young Eastern man of ten
years' experience; ksst of references. F. C.
LINK. 2C20 Mission 7 st.
SITUATION private place, city or country, by
com) ctent young man. Dane; capable tak-
ing care of fine horses, garden, etc., and a
first-class driver. Box 2920. Call.
SERIOUS young- man, speaks several lan-
guages, references, would like position Inter-
preter, clerk, etc. Box 2CS9, CaH offlce.
POSITION wanted by young man In shoe
store; 10 years' experience; have worked at
the bench. Box 2021, Call offlce. ¦
ENERGETIC young man of neat appearance
wishes position as traveling salesman with
mercantile house. Address box 2020. Call.
BARBER'S apprentice with a year's experi-
ence wants position to complete practice;
good shaver. Box 2C37, Call.
CHINESE first-clEFS cook, with flrst-class ref-
erences, wants a first-class family place,
without table work; city or country. Address
734A JackEon st.. room 21, third floor; phone
China 140.
JAPANESE reliable waiter wants situation In
nice family, city or country; .$7 or $<» week;-
speaks very well. K. YUNASUKI. 1329 Pine.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch Qfflce, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
. FLATS TO LET.
A— HOUSES and flats to. let; an Immense, list;
sen-ice absolutely free; take advantage of
this department: it will Gave you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-250 Geary
St., onthejsquare.
ALL of the most desirable flats and houses are
listed In our renting department; let* us give
you a list and help you find one in the loca-
tion you want. STERLING FUMNITURE
COMPANY. 10.59 Market Et.; services abso-
lutely free.
$22 50— TOP flat, 6 rooms; all sunny. Corner
San Jose ave. and Guerrero st.
$13 50 — Lower flat, 4 rooms, all sunnv 9
Juri st.. bet. 25th and 20th. J. F. PLUMBE
1402 Valencia st.
A NEAF.LY new 6-rootn sunny corner flat;
basement; flrst-class In every respect. 3945
Seventeenth, St., near Market; Castro and
Eighteenth-street cars.
HAYWARD, 2, off Harrison, near StlW-Sunny
upper flat. 4 rooms: r«nt $11.
JUNIPER, 33, oft Folsom St., near Ninth
0 room's and bath; a fine flat cheap.
AN elegant upper flat (2 floors); sun all day;
. desirable location. 719 Hyde st.
ELLIS. 810. "nr. Polk — For business purposes; 3
rras. : all conveniences; electric light, power.
FLATS TO LET-— FURNISHED.
ELEGANTLY furnished 8-room modern flat to
or sell; reasonable. 2307 Van Nesg ave.
FLAT, 3 furnished rooms 'and bath, for house-
keeplng. 1717i Webster 6t. : $22 50: no children.
FLATS FOR SALE — FURNISHED.
FLAT of 6 newly furnished rooms; cause, de-
parture; rent $22 50. 315 Gough st.
————————— -
WANTED — By man and wife, a furnished. flat
for 6 months; centrally., located. Address
stating terms, box 2ff23. Call. _*
V-a furniture: wanted.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4462.
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
HIGHEST price for furniture and mdse. L. H.
BURD. auctioneer, 1818 Mkt. ;tel. Howard 27BC. '
FACIAI. MASSACKE.
A— WRINKLES removed; fine complexion guar-
anteed, new method; 50c. M. LUTON, manl-
curing parlors. 704 Larkin st. : phon* Polk 17.
FINANCIAL.
FOR sale — Few thousand treasury stock large
corporation; pay 15 pr cent dlv. 13ox 792. Call.
HELP WAXTED — FEMALE.
WANTED — Cook, 20 students, $30; cook, no
'washinir, 535; 3 cooks, German style, $30,
$35; parlor maid, $25; 4 second girjs, $20,
$25, 530; 2 nurseglrls, $20, $25; 3 chamber-
maids,- wait one meal. $20. $25; housework,
$30; nurse for Institution, $20; laundress for
a home, $30; laundress for home, Sacra-
mento.. $25, will take woman with a child;
chambermaid. $20; cook, small restaurant,
$30; 2 boarding-house cooks. $30; chamber
work, private family, $20; 44 Jiouseglrls. $20,
$25. $80. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
334 Slitter st.
A— Girls to learn millinery now for fall season;
both seasons taught from start to finish In 1
month for $10; positions as trimmers, sales-
ladlefl, etc., guaranteed at $10 per week -up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton St., r. 13.
A — WANTED — Girls to learn halrdresslng.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
In 1! weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill Immediately; positions guaran-
teed at. $10 per week up; leading school In
West. 233 Geary St.. room 13.
A — LADIES to learn all branches hairdressln?
trade; manicuring, masRage, etc.. 1230 Mar-
• ket Ft., cor, Jones, room 04; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve. class; call.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS: NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARV:
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S
FACTORIES. 321,4 FREMONT ST. AND 1873
MISSION, NEAR FIFTEENTH.
WANTED — First-class stenographer and type-
writer for lumber manufacturer's city o'f-
flce; apply In own handwriting; references
required. Hox - 2029. Call office.
WANTED — Reliable Protestant girl for a per-
manent position to care for grown children
and help with housework; references re-
quired. Address box 2930. Call offlce.
WANTED-^-Glrl for light housework and to
wait at table; wages $20. Call on Friday
between 11 and 12 at 2400 Steiner st.>
EXPERIENCED waitress. $9 a week.; lunch
and dinner waitress, 6 hours, $C a week. 031
Clay. st.
COMPETENT crocheters wanted at 1318 Fill-
more st.; steady work; call forenoon.
WANTKD— A girl or elderly lady for light
housework; good home. 1515 Grove st.
YOUNG girl to assist In housework. 1GS4 Post
street.
EXPERIENCED sale&l&dy steady for candy
store at 1409 Polk st. ; call after 10 a. m.
FIRST-CLASS makers wanted for an all-year-
round position; salary no object to right par-
ties. MARIE L. SWEENEY. 121 Post St.,
room 29.
GOOD dressmaker for country; wages W0
month, board and room. Apply 53t> Fell
St.. between 9 and 12.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on coats; wages $10
up. 1103 Market st.
TRUSTWORTHY woman to take up a business
out of the city. Box 2C02. Call offlce.
GIRL — General hcustwork; may sleep home if
desired. 1063 Market St.; upstairs.
CIGARETTE makers warned; learners taken;
steady work: good wages. The John Bollman
Co.. corner Front and Pacific sts.
GIRLS about 15 for factory work: goad wages. I
• Apply at once. AMES & HARRIS, 100 Sac-
ramento st.
SECOND girl for Sonoma; $20. 2210 Central
ave.: cor fare paid.
IMPROVERS and apprentice at fine dress-
making; good pay while learning. J. MON-
AHAN. 411 Mason st.
FIRST CLASS stenographers furnished. Miss
M. G. Barrett. Instructor, 3C2 -Montgomery.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has b&en established at 1098
Valencia st.
HELP WAXTED MALE.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
520— SACRAMENTO ST.— 520.
Cor. LeidesdorfT, S. F. Phone Main 1191.
NEVADA— S. P. R. R. CO.'S Work— FREE
BEOWAWE & FENELON FREE FARE.
10O laborers, $2, board $» 60 week.
SHIP TO-NIGHT TO
CHICO BUTTE CO. CHICO.
HALF FARE. HALF FARE.
10 teamsters. 2 horse, $2 25; 10 4-horse team-
sters, $2 50 day. TO-NIGHT
3 tunnelmen. half fare, ?€0 and found.
COAL MINERS— OREGON— FREE, FARE.
SENATOR CLARK'S NEW .R. R.>UTAH
1C0 laborers, $2. SALT LAKE CITY.
3 farmers, 2 office boys,, city; 50 woodchop-
pers and tiemakers, all over, see usr bUck-
man", mine. $00; butler, private family, $10
found: bellboy, *30 found; cook, $40 found.
Call and read our bulletin board. PACIFIC
EMPLOYMENT AGENCY, 520 Sacramento.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S Employm't Offlce,
429 Eush St. : 1 r 042 Clay St. .
SHIP TO-DAY FOR NEVADA.
10O laborers, Beowawe,' Nevada.. $2
100 laborers, Fenelon, Nevada $2
Board $4 50 week FREE FARE
FOR CENTRAL AMERICA.
Locoirotlve engineer.. Flrst-class wages
Conductor, same place First-class wages
FREE FARE THERE AND BACK.
Absolutely Free Fare For All Above.
C, R. HANSEN & CO Employment Offlc*
429 Bush St ;.G42 Clay St.
FRUIT .farmer and wife. $45 and found:
farmer. $25 and found: woodchoppers, $1 pO
cord; • boarding-house cook, $40 and found;
cook and wife; ifellboys; oyster man, $40 and
board, and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
628 Sacramento Bt.
A — HOTEL. GAZETTE, 20 Montgomery, r. 12.
Cook for officers' mess, easy Job,$UO; free fare
TRY our men's shoes, union made. ¦ at $1 and
$1 60 per pair, foot-form shoes at $2 50. or
orthopedic shoes $3 50;best shoes on earth. 11
Third st.. Exam bldg., 5 doors .from Market
WAITED — A saleamp.n to sell ruffled and cluny
curtains to the jobbing and. retail trade. John
M. Hassall, 78 Bedford St., Boston, Mass.
WANTED — A boy 14 to 18. years to work in
stockroom and learn dry goods trade. Ap-
ply between 0 and 11 a. m. HALE BROS.
A— SEAMEN for deep water sailing ships. W.
B. SWEARS. Pacific Mall Dock.
"WANTED — Barber for half interest In good
paying barber shop. Call to-day. 222 East St.
WANTKD— Barber Saturday and Sunday; $5.
1025 Howard 8 1.
FURNITURE stock keeper; experience neces-
sary. 338-312 Post st <
BCSIXESS CHASCES — Contlnned.
ALUMINUM— The metal of the future; a new
process for 1U production discovered by which
j the company now forming will control the
I markets of the wcrld: we are ottering s. small
allotment of stock at* public subscription;
I send for 'prospectus and particulars; th«
1 opportunity of a lifetime. I. MAYER & SON.
459 Mermod & Jaccard bldg.. St. Louis, Mo.
FOR eale — Cheap; grocery ctore, fixtures, sale,
etc.; formerly owned by Fltzpatrick & Ward;
•well stocked: old-established business: good
opportunity; southwest corner of 24th and
Ehotwcll sts. Apply D. A. CURTIN, room
24. third floor Mills building.
LODGIXG-HOUSKS FOR SALE.
LEASE and household furniture of eight-
roomed apartment In centrally located apart-
myit house; price $1500. Box 2019, Call.
'• GOOD chance — $2C0; furniture of 8 rooms,
boarding and lodging, house; all full. 1031
- McAll later.
SPIRITUALISM.
; REV. E. R. DAVIS' circle. 8 p. m.; double
tests: also lecture, '"God Revealed." 10c. 34
Sixth st.
PROF. Fred P. Evans, noted psychic for slate-
writing and clairvoyance; stamp for circular.
1112 Eddy St.. nr. Octavia; phone Scott 887.
ETHEL CR1NDLE— Materializing seance. Frl-
; day evening, 8 o'clock; 50c. 31iS Ellis st.
J MKS. HARLAND'S circles evenings; to-night,
10c; prophetic readings, 50c-$l. 148 Sixth st.
EDWARD EARLE.. 10JS2 Ellis, readings dally.
9:30 to 4: seance* Sunday and Thursday.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MY Regular $3 Readings This Week for
*1 $1 $1 *1 $1 " $1 $1 *1
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE.
I The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever In San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee
I to make no charge if I fall to tell you your
name, occupation and what you called for;
I promise to tell you whether husband, wife
• or sweetheart is true or false; I tell you
; whom end when you will marry; in fact, I 1
trill tell you every hope, fear or ambition
better than you can tell yourself; I Improve
your character so that you will reach the-
! highest possible development In mental vigor.
j health. happiness and capacity to earn
I wealth; so you will live happy and contented
the rest of our life. Hours 10 a. m. to S
p. m. ; Sundays, 2 to S. 326 O'Farrel] st., 320.
I MME M. BERNARD, THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 1" Third St., next Examiner
bldg. ; she reads your life cortectly. gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur in the future; if you are in trouble,
discontented or rot satisfied in life, or havo
domestic, love or business troubles, consult
this great medium and you will be told how
to overcome them: valuable advice in all af-
falns of life; 25c up; satisfaction guaran-
teed: readings by mail. Tel. Black 4.'»e9.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
pahuist, permanently located at 1104 Market,
t-t., cor. Turk; private readings dally, 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m. ; readings by mail as satisfac-
tory- a* in person: -i questions answered, $1;
full life. $5; send lock of hair, date and year
of birth; don't send currency. Send postoflice,
WellF-Karpo money order or registered letter.
A — MME. PORTER. KCientiflc clairvoyant and
carii reader, born with a double veil and sec-
ond Ficht: tells the pa.Pt. present and future;
ladies. 5Ce; gents, fl; by cards, palmistry
and clairvoyant sitting; $1 50. 120 Turk st.
MRP. A. H. Kronenberg, palmist, clairvoyant,
carl reader, will give a good reading, ]0c. for
a short time only; when others fail try me to
convince yourself. 721 Franklin, near Turk.
A — Mm», Ravenna read* life, business advice;
names given; 25e up. 5 4th st., near Market.
MRS. E. I,. DAVIS, clairvoyant, card reader.
fiSS Mission St., room ft.
TEST medium, clairvoyant, card reader: names
given: 25e and 50c. 10OS Harrison st.. nr. 6th.
MME. ZEREDA, medium and card reader; la-
dies 2.V, gents 50i\ 2S 7th st.. r. Ii; no sign.
MME. MARSEAU— Clairvoyant. carJ reader;
ladies 25c. gents 50c; hrs., 1 to 9. 545 Minna.
MME. LAMAR. wonderful palmist; card read-
er; 2.V, 5'V. fi20 Jones St.; hours 1-9 p. m_
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
2Gi^ Kearny. room 20; ladles 2.V; gents 50c.
PARTHENA. gifted clair.. just from East; j
wonderful prophetess. T07 Post Ft., nr. Mas6n.
MIPS WARD gives name.?, dates and facts;
hours 10 to 9. 413 Mason st. ; no sign.
MKS. SHAFER clairvoyant, card reader; sit-
tings daily. 448% Jessie st.. bet. 5th ahd Cth.
CARPET BEATiyG 1 AXDCLEAJTING.
AIR comi/res^ed, dry, ice cold, is now univer-
sally used iu sanitary cleaning carpets, on
floor, without removal or injury: prices mod-
erate. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call bid. ; phone Main 5237.
WHEN you become disgusted with vour work
renQ for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 355-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works, 1S09 Har-
rison St.; Al cleaning; 3c; tel. Mission 225.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co., J. McQueen,
proprietor. 329 Guerrero st. ; tel. Mission iO.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 4C2 Rutter St.;
tel. Main 334. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 17O.'{ Harrison St.; tel. Mission 2GS.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
333 Golden Gate ave. ; telephone East 12(».
COLLECTION OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rnomt 9-10: tel. 5556.
CREDIT CLOTHIEE3.
C.F. ADAMS CO.
SPECIAL CREDIT STORE.
We clothe the whole family from hats to
shoes: everything up to date at cash, prices.
• for all 31S Mason St.
DENTISTS.
DR. GRUSS, 504-5-6 Callaghan bldg7T~Market
and McAllister sts.. uses the Easford Obtun-
der. the only device ever invented for grind-
ing, drilling and excavatlnsr iec-th absolutely
without pain. For demonstration and proof
call at office.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 144?, Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting. 50c; ?as grven.
A NEW plato — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.: crown, f.t 50; fillings, 50c;
plates. |3; full sf-t;all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth Jl 50 up; crowns $2 up; fillings, 2oc.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver. 35c; crowns, $2; no
pain; open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewltt,204 Satter.
UIIESSUAKERS AXD SBAllSTRESSK*
ACCORDION Eunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory 110 Taylor.
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
— Any pattern cut to measure. 1010 Market.
EDUCATIONAL. ~
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGEr^POSTTsT
F. — Boolrkecping. shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches; day
and night sessions; Illustrated catalogue free.
HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
dancing; cstablislH'd 2u years. 1412 Polk St..
between Pine and California; both adult and
children's classes are now open for the season.
AYRES. the leading business college. 723 Marl
ktt st. ; special summer course In all depart-
ments; handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
ship. $00; day and evening sessions.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkln st.
"A thorough school"; positions secured for
¦gri..luates; modern methods; individual in-
struction. Write for illustrated catalogue.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and medical colleges;
' rtf.. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor; day and evening tensions. Phelan bldg.
THE PAUL GERSON School of Acting, the
foremost institution of the kind In the entire
West; t 12 teachers: send for catalogue. Native
Sons' bldg.. 414 Mason st.
A— SAN FRANCISCO Business College 1236
Market st.— Practical, progressive, reliable;
cay and evening sessions; v^-lte for catalogue.
DANCING Tuesday, ! Thursday, Saturday Sun-
day evgs., Teutonla Hall. Howard St., nr.
9th. Prof. Fceter; society dancing taught.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. min.. mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.;est. 1854. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City .Hall.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electricity 24 Post
• St.. 8. F.; a. practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
GOLDEN Gate Com'l College, C30 Golden Gate
ave.; full business course; day and evening.
SC HOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st Night class.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mlsslon.nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GEORGE AOKJrSl^^t^BCrteC^SaEhlLS^-
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
nlshes best help; contracts for farm help, etc
A— ORPHEUM Employment Offlce — Japanese-
Chlnese help. 42C Powell. Tel. Main 5T32.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Offlce, 415
Stockton; ieL Grant 1CS; expert, reliable help.
THE^CAIL
• *
JOHH D. SPBECgELS, Proprietor.
ifliiEss ccErnuucaiioiis ta JOSS KcSiUGST.KaiagEr
TELEPHONE.
rk for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect You With the Department You Wish.
1% ubl!cat!on Office Market and Third. .S. K.
tutorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson 8t.
Delivered Ly Carrier*. 20 Cts. Per Week, 75
Cts Per Month. Single Copies 6 Cents.
Tern-.s by Mail. Including Postage (Cash With
Ordert :
DAILY CALL <inc!ud. Sunday), 1 year. .$8.00,
PAILY CALL (in<!ud. Sunday). 6 rnos.. 4.00
DAILY CALL — By Single Month
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Year -•£?
WEEKLY CALL, 1 Year 1-00
p Dally.. ..$8. 80, Per Year Extra
IOREIGN H . jnday .. 4.15 rer Year Extra
• POSTAGE. Weekly.. 1.00 Per Year Kxtra
ALL rOfTKAfTF.nS ARK AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE 6CDPCRIPTIONS.
Farr.rJe Copies v.-«!l bt forwarded xvhen re-
quested.
Mall subscribers In ordering change of nd-
Crrre should be particular to rive both NEW
ANI> CLP ADDRESS in order to insure a
prompt and correct compliance with their re-
quert.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1118 Broaflway Telephone Main 10S3.
BERKELEY OFFICE:
¦J1i<i Center Street Telephone Nortn 77.
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
r.TORTON E. CZtAXTB 1406 G Street. N. \v.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
TVaMorf - Astoria Hotel: A. Brentn.no. 31
VrJr-n Square: Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-ave-
nue Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Fherman House; P. . O. News Co: Great
Northern Hotel: Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE.
C GEOP>GE KROGNESS..MarQuette Bull a g
<Lon* Distance Telephone, '•Central 2619.")
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN 3. SMITH 3O Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT :
C C. CARLTON ' Herald Square
KCEDCES8 OFFICE of th» San Francisco
<a!l corner Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every ni«ht in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
£27 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open un-
til 9:".O p. in.
JWi Hav.* street; open until 9:30 p. m.
<5T,S McAllister Ftre«~t: open until 9:»0 p. m. ]
«15 LarMn street; oren until 9:30 p. m.
l'.Ml Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
22<il Market f>treet. corner Sixteenth; open j
until t p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1CJM5 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
op<-n until fl p. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second ana
Krnturfcy street*; open until 9 p. m.
2;mt Killm^re street; open until 9 p. ro.
~ MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commar.dery No. 1. K.
"t— Uvular assembly THIS EVEN- TSS*
ING at 7:30 o'clock. Order of lied JSi
i>f.fs. All fraters courteously invited.
THOMAS H. BROWNE, Commander.
T. L. HENDERSON. Recorder.
PACIFIC Lode*. No. 136. F. and A. M., ,fi^
Masonic Temple-Stated meeting TCjf
THIS EVENING. 7:30 o'clock. /?> i
GEORGE PENLINOTOX. Sec.
BOUTH Fan Francisco Lodge No. 212. ffi i
K. and A. M. — The ofne-re and mem- 1
bers of the above named loJge are />r\ '¦
hereby notified to attend the funeral
.f our lite brother. BENJAMIN ETHEL
TAYLOR, on FRIDAY, November S, at 1
o'clock jv m.. from the. hall of the lodge.
Fourtr-e-nth and Railroad avenue. By craer .
of the Mafter. E. C. HARE. Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE I»<* E e <V5. K. of V., •£?£
will confer the Knight Rank dons'
fnrmt upon tvin Esquires, with their >Wjw
..«n team, on THIS (FRIDAY) Jr£*>£ :
KVKNING. at Pythian < - asU<\ t«i3 ,
Market *U All brother Knights are cordially ,
invited to attend. .Py order of
J 6. OJLBT. C. C.
GEO. THOMSON. K. r.f n. and S.
" i I
FAN FRANCISCO Tent No. y^SS^SJS. t
K fl T M.— Review /*&— : -^^
THIS tFRIDAY) EVEN- L^JOtSS
JNii at fc o'clock. Pioneer WVi
Ha!i. 21 Fourth St. wS_4^iji t W
¦¦ D itlCHARDS. VjP^SCa^
Record Keeper.
RKGULAR meeting and nomination v C7 »j.
nf nftioers of the Caledonian OlubgSi t*v*
THIS EVENING at S o'clock. V*vXiJs !
Scottish Hall. 117 I^arkln st. |
A. M. MACPHKRSON. Che,.
JAP. H. DUNCAN. Secretary. I
A SOCIAL will be given by Master f-^~^_
Mariners' Benevolent Association I.-iF.^^
SATl'RDAY EVENING, November |fV**^
7. at >> o'clock, at lied Men's Hall,
320 Post Pt. Members-' tickets can be had at |
the dr>or. admitting member and lady only.
at ANNl'AL Meef.r.K.— Notice is hereby given |
that the thirteenth annual meeting of |
the stockhclders of the San Francisco Home 1
Mutual L^an Association will l# held at the j
offlce of the Corporation. No. SIS Montsom- |
ery Ft.. Fan Franciwro. WEDNESDAY. Nov. ',
1L UM-1, at 3 o'clock p. m., for the purpose |
«.f alerting; directors for the ensuing year, j
presentation of the thirteenth annual report j
and the transaction of such business as may j
<-onie before the meeting. Hooks are now |
open for 1000 shares of stock of; the four- j
teenth stries. By order of the Hoard of Di- j
rectors. A. FBARBORO. Secretary. '¦
STOCKHOLDERS' meeting— The ar.r.val meet- !
ing of The Union Ice Company will be held •
Bt the office of the company, 324 Pine st.,
BaB Francisco, on WEDNESDAY. November ;
IS. lUttt. at ;>:15 p. m.. for the purpose of ;
«Iectinjr a board of directors to 6erve for the
onsulriff year and for the transaction of such ';
other butiness as may come before the meft- j
inp. O. K. MELROSE, Secretary.
November 4. I8M. ]
— —" ** —— '^^ ™» i
AGE.NTS WAXTED. i
A.GEMTB wanted to sell a pood selling- article, j
Apply 1003 Howard ft.; press bell button.
ATTOKXIiVS-AT-LAW. I
ADVICE FREE.
OLD ESTABLISHED.
COLUMBIAN LAW & COLLECTION AGENCY !
Able attorneys. Rm. Sj, U16 Market, opposite j
Emporium. HaJ tenants ejected epeediiy an3 !
]• r.' ..„! .y. Collection! 1 , no matter how ema.li, '
attTided to; attachments; bonds furnished; cor- i
relations organized; civil and criminal practice, j
Ttl. John <i220. Op*-n evenings by appointment I
We solicit en interview with you.
THE LEGAL ADVISORY. Inc.
Practice in Federal and all State courts.
Attachments, divorce, m.nlng, bankruptcy,
prosecutions. adju*»ments. corporations, pat-
«r:ts. estates, probate.
Experienced and Ko-Hable Attorneys Engaged.
AdA-ice guaranteed. Correspondence solicited
Ml. MIA. 511B Crossley li'.ig. Tel John 21C6.
N. E. Cor. New Montgomery and Mission Sts.
ADVICE FREE. ESTABLISHED 22 YEARS.
Divorces a Specialty. Private. Quick.
NO PAT UNLESS SUCCESSFUL
G. W. HOWE. Atfy-at-Law. I
: -2 Market Ft., between Mascn and Taylor |
Nearly opposite. "Halo's" Dry Goods Store.
i.OBT. W. KING, atty-al-law. Examiner bid.. I
room €11: all cases, damages, estates, wills
Rttachments. collections, etc., consultation
free; no advance charges; call or write-
< venings by appointment. Tel. Red 3C01.
ADVICE fre« — I will advance cost In meritorl- I
ous c&ece. divorces, probate and all other law
eases; no fees in advance; open every even-
ir.g. J. M. THUUSTON. 613 Market St.. r. 31.
ADVICE free — I'm-fll advance* costs In ell cases
of merit; ro charges no lee unl*ss
mcces^fu:.. E. J. BANKS, Examiner build-
Ing. third f.ocr.
DIVORCE cons JI2; opeji evenlnss; tenants
ejected, S5. QIC Market, r. C2. phone Elack C51.
A. M. ETVING — Attorney-at-law. Rocm C12.
Tarrott building; phene Eouth C55.
1MVORCE — Costs, 512; quirk, quiet; open even-
;r.g». 027 Market «t.. room 301.
3.. £. CLARK. Emma Epreckcls bldg.. 827 Mar-
ket Et.: consultation free; no fees In advance.
AITKEN & AITKEN. attorneys rs. 309-10-11
«~)un;e bldg.. 5{)3 California Ft.; tel. Main 727.
N. TEMPLE, atty-at-law. 93 Chronicle bldg.;
commissioner for oaths. England and Ireland.
ADVICE free; no charpe unless successful- all
l;.w business.' W. W. Davidson. S27 Market.
BUSIXESS CIIAA'CESU
$1400 — OLD established baiery and coffee sa-
loon in Alaineda County; all complete P c
LA SEEN & CO.. 466 Tenth St.. Oakland, Call
DOAKCH bakerj' for sale. 102614 Hyde St.. op-
poslte power-house.
PARTNER with three hundred dollars to eo-
cape in practical show enterprise. Address
box 2CS8. Call office.
f750— DELICACY «tore; select rooming dis-
trict; 2 living rooms; owner called away.
Box 7C0. Call office.
BAKERY for eale at 1550 Church st.; good
busineev; all store trade; owner going East.
FOR sale — A restaurant; on Account of sick-
ness. C2 Elirhth et.
riiUIT etore for eale. 1315 Etocktca.
LOST, AXD FOUND.
LOST— A pass book with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
nimt of J. F. RILEY or SARAH RILEY,
No. 170-322. ' Tbe finder - will please return
to bank. m -
LOST — Tjjesdsy night, on Powe'll st. car, black
cocker scaniel, white on breast; Oakland
tag. Return 2207 Green St.; reward.
LOST— Sunday morning, brown hunting dog
(tetter^— Spaniel), white on breast and white
tips on feet: answers name "Tip." Return
to F. ARUENTI, 2044^ Mission; reward.
LOHT — A pasa book with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco in the
name of ELLA J. BATTEN, No. 277-1202.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST — November 4. Jorrel mare; small whlta
epot on forehead; rope on neck. 58->l Mis-
sion Bt.; reward.
LOHT — Alligator grip and contents, Halght-st.
car, Thursday, 0:30 p. m. Return to- F. V.
KINGTON, 21 Crocker bldg.; reward $10..
LOKT — I'orket-bcok containing note ami con-
tract; $5 reward. CRAIG1E SHARP. 71S
Sycamore «t., Oakland.
LOST — November 4. on Montgomery st. "or
leavenworth »t. car, pearl ring; l.iltlals J.
H. 8.. June. 1V»O2. 702 Post st.: reward.
LOST— Gold watch and chain; Mission and!
Ninth Bts. ; liberal reward. 117 Ninth st.
IT will pay to "Rfamember" that the California
Watch Case CO.. 220 Sutter st.. .reeds old
gold iind >llver to make new w^tch c*»*a.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, englnts, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN, l'JC-107 Fremont »t.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair It with elaterlte; tn rolls easy to lay:
needs no painting or coating; good over old
Iron, tin or shingles; best for new roqfs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
2D-HAND machinery, * boilers, engines, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc, bought, sold,
rented and exehareed; see Sunday papers.
H. S. W T H1TE M'CH'Y CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
A — Fine suits. $7 60; dress pants. $2 SO. Origi-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors, 2:iS Kearny St.,
near Bush; open to 8 p. m.; Sunday to noon.
A— $3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st., near
Pine; open till 0 p. in. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafttnr. pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
TYPEWRITERS, slightly used, sold at cost;
new Underwood visible typewriter catalog
sent free. R. E. Rev; Ik & Co.. Sag Francisco.
TRY our men's thoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50: we pay express
charges. 11 Sri St.. Exam. blJ.': catalog:, free.
AA — SMALL wagon, $.'55; surrey and harness,
$35;.raro chance; must sell. 1831 Eddy st.
OAK mantels, mahogany bar fixture, rnwboat, [
gasoline launch. «18 Third St.. San Francisco.
A VERY fine diamond heart for |2lO at W. J
HKSTHAL'S, 10 Sixth st.
100,000 BRICK for sale. Inquire at California
Ilousewreckers, NW. cor. Mission and 10th.
3, 6 AND 10 hp. gasoline engines; 2d-hand: all
sizes; new. E. B. BECK & CO.. 122 Market.
NEW and second hand machinery of all klnda.
KROGH MNFG. CO.. 019 Market »t.
SAFES-=-New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
MOVING. pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck.^131 Pout st.
MIIJES of pipe and fittings; all sizes. EU-
GENE RILEY & SONS. 109 Vallejo st.
MOVING picture tllm and song slides. 109
Montgomery st.
SAFES— New and second hand. E. B. EECK
& CO.. lfc> Market st.
All bargains;cnmp stools and chairs '.hammocks,
metal beds.mat tresses. J.F.Hotter,712 Mission.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Baclgalupl. 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont St.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER Ac CO.. 110 MontR"y.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 patces, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED-i-SOO young laying hens; graded Leg-
horn or Minorcas, or both; state price ana
condition. GG4 East Eighteenth St.. Oaklapd.
I PAY highest prices for all kinds of cast-off
clothing: send postal. MORRIS. S70 Folsom.
BOOKS and libraries boucht. H. C. HOLMES.
1143 Market st. : phone Jessie 3741, or postal.
TJ.LTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Oth st. ; tel. Jessie 2S51.
A BIG crlce paid for sealskins; send postal.
25 Stockton st. : ohnne Bush 484.
money to loa>.
aX^^r^aIn'murphyT
601-tiC2-003 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust,"
etc.; legacies, lire estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
— ' — ¦ — ' 1
ADVANCES onvfurniture and planes without |
removal; to permanent salaried people on 1
their note without security or knowledge of
employer; lowest rates; no commission. NA t
T1ONAL CREDIT CO.. C8 and CD Donohoe
building. 1170 Market st.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846
Market st. ; teV Main 1044. Branch. 19 Third.
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL LOANS on fur-
niture, pianos or to salaried people on their
note; proper treatment guaranteed. ILLINO13
TRUST CO.. r. 10. Phelan bid., tel. Main 70*.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security: easy payments; largest business in
• 46 principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrott bldg.
A — 1 per cent on furniture or piano; no remov-
al, no commission, no publicity :$25 up; quick,
private, confidential. 2(J Montgomery, rm. 7.
M. JACOBSEN & CO.. room 621,Emma Spreck-
els Building, loans money on real estate and
all other securities; confidential; low rates.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave.,
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
MONEY jo loan en low interest; gold", silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture; indorsed notes and other security. S. t\
Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
YOU can borrow more fnoney on your furnitum
than any other place in city; no commission.
612 Parrott building: Dhcne Sotrth C55.
OPEN Credit Ass'n. loans on salaries confiden-
tially; iiew. simple. plan. Room 50. S19 Market.
ON personal and real property. E. W. LICK,
1003 Mutual Savings Bank bldg.. 708 Market.
MONEY loaned to salaried employes. G. W.
MILLER, room 74. 5th floor. Chronicle bldg.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal.
V. TREMAIN. room 81, G Eddy St., floor 4.
ALL loans en diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F; Collateral Loan Bank. 6C8 Kearny.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R.311, Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH leaned salaried people on notes without
Indorser. MORELL, 609 Examiner bldg.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call
Hi pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
MUSICAL INSTIIUMEXTS.
RENT a piano for *.'5 per month; we allow six
months' rental of the purchase price if you
wish to buy; this gives you six months' trial
of the Instrument for nothing; if the piano
rented does not suit we allow the rental on
any instrument in our stores; with such goods 1
as the McPhall of Boston, the Schiller and I
our own make to select from we can guar-
antee satisfaction to every one in quality
price and terms. See the Scott-Curtaa
"BIJcu," the smallest Cull scale piano in San
Francisco. SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO
oC0-ti2-64 Hayes st.
ALL uprights on our bargain slate to-day
Collard, $35; Filsner. $50; Sherman & Hyde
.$100; Weber, $05: Kimball. $115; Mansfield £
Notnl. $125; Haynes. $150; American, $1C3;
Chickering. $lt>7; Emerson. $172; Miller,
$175; 2 Stelnways, large and small size, $1SS
and' $290; Heine, large style, slightly used
$325. Rents $2 up. apply on purchase; In-
stallments $4 up. HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-
237 Geary st.; Oakland branch. Fifteenth and
Broadway, old P. O. Bldg. Largest exclu-
sive wholesale and retail dealers of the West.
WE do not advise the purchase of cheap pianos,
as -they are seldom satisfactory, but we have
planes at a medium price that can be guar-
anteed to please the moet critical. Our best
sellers are the Behr Bros., Baumelster and
Schubert. THt ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC
CO., 7U0 Market st.
A FINE lot of second-hand uprights from $&O
up. Including such makes as Chlckertng
Vose, Krotger, Curtaz. Klrkham. Peaae.
• Hanlnian. Marshall & Wendell. Bails and
."others. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16 CFar-'
rell st. No branches In San Francisco.
A MASSIVE solid .walnut case Kstey orgUn
two banks of keys and pedal bass; cost $73O*
your own price. BOWERS & SON, 11 Mason.'
3AND Instruments; F. Besson.'- Paris, maker;
Gun Maluald, Act. Par. .Coast. 27S O'Farrell;
skillful repairing; 23- nan J instruments sold.
HELP WAXTED MALE— Oontlnned.
A— MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay et.
Phone Main 6848.
. Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
1902 we gave 1003 we'll giva
46,000 men work. ' 60,000 men work.
ARIZONA '
ARIZONA
OREGON, NEVADA.
' Southern Pacific and Banta Fe systems; fre«
pass
* On Every Train.
Section ha.ni!*. muckers, drillers, extra gangs,
teamsters, hammaramen.
Farm and orchard hunrii $30, $3}, $40 fd;
milkers/ $30 to $."i0 found.
Stablemen city, country Jobs, $30 to $fl0.
366 woodchopP'Td,
. 2S7 tlemakers.
Cooks. Walters. I'orters.
Cooks, hotel*. rrriiiutntiiH. riropi, mlneit and
ranches, city mul < •.nut ry. f.'io to $70 found.
Walters, city nnd country. $25 to $45 found.
Butchers, different jolm, $<i> to $00 found.
Located Everywhere.
Laborers and teamstcrH, city and country,
many In San Francisco, $2. 2(V.
6 slack coopers, !)c; .*> cabinetmakers.
MURRAY & READY, (131-036 Clay at.
SPECIAL.
Cheesemaker and milker, country, $40 found.
8 pruners, orchard, ?2ti and found.
Dairyman and wife, $50 and found.
2 woodr hopper*. $4 cord; 2 spooltenders'.
Gang edgerman. lumber co.. $C5 found.
Porter, run to train, hotel, country. $:i0 fd.
Packer and shipper of furniture, $2 to day.
MURRAY & RiEADY. €34 and 63*> Clay at.
~ ~ FOREMAN.
Excavating, grading and concrete, 8. noun,
$80 found.
Track foreman, lumber co.. free fare, $40 fd.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay it.
STENOGRAPHER and typewriter, hotel and
grocery, boss here; stableman, lumber Co.,
fare $2, $30 and found; 6 porters, city Jobs,
" $20 found- bell boy; choreman and wife, pri-
vate family, Fresno co.. $50 found; night
cook, Nevada, $50 found.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 gay st.
fl PAINTERS, 8 hours, house work, fare $1,
$3 60 day. Government.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
GOLD MINE. " "
6 machine miners, $00.
MURItAY & READY. 634 and 630 Clay Bt.
AT 8. F. Emp. Bureau, 17 Fourth st. — Men to
prune trees, steady work; laborers and rock-
men, city, $2 25 day; 10 drillers, city, steady
work, $2 25 day. Diamond Match Co., Butte
1 Co., Chico: 10 laborers, $2 25 day; 10 team-
sters. $2 50 day. ship to-day, offlce fee $1,
fare $2 80. Call and see us. New Jobs.
All work guaranteed. No fakes. S. F. Emp.
Bureau. Phone Grant 20.
AT "E. & B." R. R. Labor Agency,
63S Commercial St.
Free Fare — Free Fare.
GO tunnel men. $2 50 to $3 day.
50 muckers and. drillers, $2 to $2 CO a day.
100 laborers, $2 a day.
Long Job; eight months' work.
Free tare — Ryndon, Nevada.
; "E. & B." R. R. LABOR AGENCY,
638 Commercial st.
WANTED — For U. S. army, able-bodied, un-
married men, between ages of 21 and 35, citi-
zens of United States of good character and
teinperato habits, who can speak, road and
1 ' write English. For information apply to Re-
cruiting Ofneer. Rialto building. New Mcnt-
I gemery St.. San Francisco, or Masonic build-
ing, Sacramento. Cal.
$350— PARTNER in light manufacturing busi-
ness; wholesale and retail; Incoming partner
tend to store, clubroom and to the .cash; full
value; Inside trial given. Particulars barber
shop. 257 Fourth st.
.TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
express or mall chrgs. 11 3d st.. Exam. bid.
BOY, learn manufacturing Jewelry. Apply
CHAS. II. YOUNG. 12C Kearny st.
WANTED — Dishwasher. 26 Sacramento st.
PLUMBER'S apprentice wanted. Apply 12S
Eleventh st
BOY wanted. 225U Montgomery ave.
BARBER trade taught In 5 weeks. Address
W. C. B., 647 Commercial St.
FOR sale— Two-chair barber shop; cheap; sick-
ness. f>29 Fourth st. ' .
WHY pay big prices to have your shoes half-
soled when you can get it done for 25c 50c
and COc. while you wait at 5C3 Mission St.,
etb. 1st and 2d sts.. or 11 Third St.?
WANTED— For U. S. Marine Corps, able-
bodled unmarried men. between 21 and 35;
good character; must speak, read and write
English; marines serve at sea on men-of-
war In all parts of the world, on land In our
island possessions, and at naval stations in
the United States. Apply at recruiting of-
flce, 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco. Cal.. and
401 K Bt.. Sacramento. Cal.
WANTED— An experienced, reliable clerk for
liquor store; good wages and prospects for
right party; applicants give age, experfence
and references from former employers. Ad-
dress S. M.. box 520, Sacramento, Cal.
MEN to learn barber trade; only 8 weeks re-
quired; special cfTer this month; catalogue
* and full information mailed free. MOLER
w SYSTEM COLLEGE. 635 Clay st^.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Kolkin. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third st. ; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per^nlght.
BOY. 10 to IS years old. to drive with phy-
sician, attend office and make himself gen-
erally useful. Box 2022. Call.
GERMAN: steady; references; tend bar; make
himself useful; married preferred; wine busi-
ness. 15 City Hall square.
PENSION ATTY. M. HARRIS, 40 Ellis St.; 14*
years', practice; references from thousands of
persons for whom I have secured pensions.
WANTED — Experienced wrapper; apply at
'once. S. N. WOOD & CO.. 740 Market st.
BARBERS — Good 2-chalr shop In country hotel
for rent: old stand. 51 Hermann ft.
MEN to learn the barber trade; special offer
this month. Inquire at 611 Commercial st.
WANTED — For an Insurance offlce, bright boy
of 10. Box 2018. C^I. . .
BARBER shop for gale! Call at DAVID
BROS.', 643 Kearny st.
BARBERS — 2-chalr shop for sale. 851 Valencia
street.
COATMAKER for country. Apply REISS
BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st. ___^
BARBER shop for sale; 2 hydraulic chairs.
Address box 144, Yuba Crty-
McDONALD & PERRY have a large etock of
new and second-hand shoes; cheap. 239~3d at.
MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed.
S. F. Barber School. 741A Howard . st.
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullls. room 40, Phelan
bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G.A.R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket — 7Co rooms, 35c night; reading rooms;!
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ADVERTISEMENTS, -subscriptions received at
Call Branch dftlce, cor. Duncan & Church st«.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 5t"3 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts. j
GET your shoes half soled white waiting;. 25c
to 5Cr. fit;:', Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HORSES A.\D WAGONS.
BREWSTER extension brougham, coupe
rockaway, ¦good phaeton. Toomey & Frazier
cart, cheap. O'BRIEN'S, Polk st. and •
Golden. Gate ave. ¦
JUST arrived from San Joaquin County, at
Golden Gate Stables, some fine driving
. horses for sale.
TOP delivery wagon, $C0; buggy, $10; cart,
.$12 50; good^business horse, $45. 70 City Hall
• ave. . i
WILL sell good. working horse and top wagon.
Inquire corner Twelfth and Mission sts.,
Burmelster's crocery store.
HARNESS and saddles, the best for the money,
at JEPSEN BROS. CO., inc.. the big store.
1145-1147 Market st., San Francisco.
SELLING out— 20 horses, 30 wagons, surries,
- buggies and carts, 40 sets harness. Corner
Fifteenth and Shotwell sts.
MUST be sold at a sacrlflce; 5 goods horses. 327
Sixth st. -¦ ¦ ¦
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
and gocart for sale cheap. S32 Mission st.
Largest assortmt 2-hand wagons, buckb'd, sur-
rey, harness, work. drivln? horses. 15th-Valencia
A. WEEK'S news for* 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pares. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
A— HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 215-259 Geary
et., on tbe square.
¦ \ .
LYON. 120. nr. Oak — Furnished" or unfurnlsh-"
ed; 8 rooma, attic, bsmt., laundry, furnace.
HOUSE of 6 rooms, bath, gas and large yard*
1011 Laguna st.; keys 1620 Laguna st.
BEFORE moving: get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN * HOWELL. 25 Post st.
HOUSES FURNISHED — b'OK SALE.
11-ROOM furnished house, full of~7oomerii;
price $400. 217 Second st.
MUSICAL IJISTRPaiEJfTS— Cow.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Steinway upright piano:
perfect order; sacrifice. Keeffe'».2S5 O'F>rr»l!.
A RARE chance; a Hornung Bros.' upr.ght;
little used; must be sold. 216 McAllister » v .
RARE chance; cash or payments; elegant higli
grade- upright. 16 McAllister st.
Unredeemed «torage pianos and furniture d:«
cheap. Whltehead's Storage. 160t> Market st.
BOHMER Byron Mauzy planes. Ceclllaa ptar.o
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post at.
SUPERIOR -violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLEil, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cent*— The Weekly Ta!!. .
!(*> pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
BIEDICAL.
MP.& DR. WTKTH. specialist for all fema!-
complaints: instant relief guaranteed: 30
years' experience; removed to 826 Post st.
MKS. DR. KOHL reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 100SV, Market st.. opp. 5th.
DR. O. W. O'DOXXELL— All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on femaie
complaints: positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office. 1018 Market St. ¦
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1113 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care: low feesi
DR. a"nd MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS:
criminal method of treatment. 1126 Market st.
DR. ROSEN resides 2993 Folsooi St.. cor. 26tn;
ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
DR. NO TOY KEE. SID Powell rt., epposits
Union square: rll disease* cured by hero*.
MILLI.NCItr.
LADIES — 200 stylish hats to select from; lease
sold, must vacate February 1, 1004: sava
money by calling on MMR. DOSCIT. 2(Y7 Post.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
FOR RENT — A good location for hardware
and plumbing; store is fitted up with shelving
for hardware, with flat upstairs of 6 rooms
and bath. 1827-9 Union st.
STORE with Urge basement; below Kearny
st.: rent $30. Apply «3B Clay »t.. room L
PERSONALS.
ATTENTION. LADIES— — ——
To see is to believe; go and see tbe exhibi-
tion at the Union Drug Store, cor. O'Farrell
•nd Stockton sts. ; a living model with t'ne
wrinkles and bagginess removed from on*
ride of the face a year ago by M. ELLA
HARRIS of 7S1 O'Farrell at.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves its growth. stops falling, cures dandrurt
and itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp ;at druggists', hairdressers'; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co., 1338 Polk.
NOT how cheap but how good Is the motto of
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard the sewing-machine of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, agent. 1021 Market st.
PHYSICIAN. 15 years' experience, cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
address Central Pharmacy. 2M Grant are..
corner Sutter" st. ; fee moderate.
' ELEGANT suits on easy Installments; 50 cents
and up per week. LEON LEMOS. 1127
Market St.. bet. Seventh and Eighth.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday.- Saturday. Sun-
day evgs.. Teutonla Hall, Howard St., nr.
9th; Prof. Foster; society dancing taught.
LIQUOR habit cured. We guarantee to curs
the liquor habit In 2 days or no charges.
Acme Liquor Cure Co.. 097 Market, r. 202.
LESSONS given in manicuring; terms reason-
able. MME. H. EASTWOOD, room 702. Alto
bldg., cor. Bush and Kearny; ent. on Bush.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drugs dis-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co..
1839 Polk St.; consultation free ;call or write.
REMOVAL — DR. W. C STRATTON has re-
moved his office from 223S Mission st. to
rooms 571 and 674 Parrott bldg (Emporium).
' Prof Morris, hot porcelain tub baths, steam.
r alcohol: ladles, gents; attendants: hand rub-
! blng treatment. AW Geary, nr. Mason, h. 9-9.
I AT less than cost uncalled for nuits. overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
TAllor. 721 Market st.
ANDERSON — Elegant theatrical and masquer-
ade costumes rented. 26 O'Farrell st.
I SUITS to order on Installments. $1 per week.
Neuhaus A Co.. merch. tailors. 727-729 Market.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & molea removed by elec-
tric needle. Dr. & Mrs. Traverse. 1170 Market.
TH3 best place to buy good umbrellas of
have them covered or repaired is 120 Stockton
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 '0.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupcnt.
MASQUERADE costumes play books w'.-».
country orders. GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 733 Mkt.
! ALFRED CM'8 Egyptian Henna, restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
> Superfluous hair and moles "removed with elec-
tric needle. Mrs. & Miss Eaton. 1119 Sutter.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Week'y
Call 18 pngea. sent to any address In ths
United States or Canada one ye«r for $1.
PAL'TtlSTRT.
MME. DEVAS — Scientific palmist and astrolo-
/ gist. Palm readings $1; 3 QUESTIONS
FREE. Open Tuesday ev. also. 139 Post st.
H~7eROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 51*
Taylor st.. near Geary. Phone Black 581.
IMI'EltHAXGI.N'G, PAIXTIXG. ETC.
ROOMS papered. $3 50 up: tinting. palntlngT
Hartmac Paint Co.. 319 3d st. ; tel. Main 412.
FHYSICIAXS AXD SURGEON*.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELE— Office and residence.
1021% Market st.. bet. Cth and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073^ Market St.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at CC7 Gea<-y st.. near Leavenworth.
DR. TONO PO CHY. successor to Dr. Ll T>\
Tal. herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
DR. H. C. WONG. 71?) Post St.; all disease J
cured by Chinese herbs: consultation free.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dl«-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. "46-» day st.
' SCIE.VTIFIC OPTICIANS.
DURING the G. A. R. encampment Dr. Clis*
1C23 Markej st.. bet. Cth-7th. fitted glasses to
Gen. Miles: you want the best aa well as he.
SEWING MACHINES A5D SUPPLIES
NEW HOME sewing machine; this week only:
$10. $15. $20; slightly used: needles 20c doi.
NEW HOME S. M. CO.. 1051 Market »t.
SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EAR9
positively cured; new method: 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Sutter st.
STORAGE- AXD WAREHOUSES.
A — EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.: furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard st.. near Third: phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
flce Post and Powell sts.; tel. Prive. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave. ; phene East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made: S4!>
Mission St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage, and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st. ; phone Jackson 2S1.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
St.: tel. Matn 134O. Shipping at cut rates.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT^BARGAINS IN" TYPEWRITERS— W«
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city: rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 530 California; telephone Main 286.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co.. 5CS Market.
- DIVIDEND JiOTJCKS.
DIVIDEND notice — The Giant Powd«>r Ca..
1 Con. — A dividend. No. SO, of fifty cents (50c»
per scare on the Issued capital stock of th-j
comply has been declared payable at the
office of the- company, rooms 202, 204 and
20« HaywarJ bldg.. San Francisco No-
vember 10, 1903. Transfer books clo<«e No-
vember 3. 1003. at noon. C. <'.. QUIXN. Sec.
LEGAL AD VEUTISEMEXTS.
Notice to Creditors. — Estate of ALICE
SKAE, Deceased.
Notice is hereby given by the undersigned,
the executor of th« will or ALICE SKAE, de-
ceased, to the creditors of. and all persons hav-
ing claims against, the said deceased to ex-
hibit them, with tho necessary vouchers, wltlv-
In ten (10) months after the first publication of i
this notice, to the said executor, at Its pla^
of business. No. 464 California; street, in th«
city and county of Sa» Francisco. Stats of. Cal-
if oroia.
MERCANTILE TRUST COMPANY OF SAN
[Seal.) FRANCISCO, by FREDERICK W.
Z £££' ,£j* sident ' Executor of the Will at
ALICE SKAE. Deceased
Dated at San Francisco. October 224, MOB.
**" <5^- ' '-
SEEKING THE GODDESS OF FORTUNE.
.. We yesterday told of the poet's sad plight.
But the rescuers came, and a terrible fight
Rased around the verse man, till at last his red Joes
To the hunting: ground went where the good Indian goes.
So he's with us again, and to-day he will tell
To the lad In the sketch and to others as well
That Dame Fortune f s address may be found in The Call,
Where the fair fickle goddess gives welcome to all.
So If you would woo her and bask in her smile
Look over our Want Ads — you'll find it worth while.WASHINGTON*. Nov. S.— The Director of the
Mint to-<lay purchased 170,000 ounces of silver
on account of Philippine cbinage at an average
of 59.111 cents an ounce
BERKELEY, Nov. 5.— The Berkeley
High School and the Polytechnic School
of San Francisco will play -for the cham
pionship of the Academic Athletic League
next Saturday afternoon at the Presidio.
The teams have been, coached by well
known football stars and are ready for a
hard battle. Each team has won the
championship of a sub-league -of -.'the
greater league. •'¦.:,
Play for v Champion ship.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
8:05, business and "election of officers; fi:20,
solo, P. J. Price; 8:25, address. "The Work for
To-day," Rev. G. W, White, D.D.; 8:50. hymn
No. 340; 8:.*ir>, paper. "Floating Work," com
mittee; »:05, special music;. f>:lt>, address,
"Good Citizenship (Coffee- Club)," State Presi
dent J. E. White; 9:25, offertory; 9:30, hymn
No. 367. illzpah.
The sixty-seventh quarterly convention
of the Golden Gate Christian Endeavor
Union was held last evening at the Fourth
Congregational Church on Oreen street.
The officers in charge of the convention
were: H. G. Mathewson, J. H. McCallum,
Miss Sadie E. Phillips, Miss D. C. Kitt
redge, Miss Jennie Partridge, J. L. Gill,
MIfs Bessie Hooke, Miss Lottie S. Moore
and Miss Belle Stanford.
The convention was opened by the Rev.
E. L. Walz, who delivered the devotional
services, after which the following pro
gramme was rendered:
Members of Golden Gate Union Meet
in Fourth Congregational
Church.
CHRISTIAN ENDEAVORERS
'IN QUARTERLY SESSION
For some time complaints have been
made to the police by the management of
the hotel that a clever thief had been
operating in the hostelry, and Detectives
Ryan and Taylor were detailed on . the
case. H. S. Salt, president of the Califor
nia Electrical Works, lost a valuable pis
tol, and Arthur Burton, another guest,
reported that a gold watch and chain had
been taken from his room.
Yesterday Comely entered the room of
C. J. Wilder of the Southern Pacific
Company and no doubt fearing that some
one was trying to enter by the door made
his escape down a waterpipe on the out
side of the building. He was seen in his
descent by the landlady, who immediately
notified the Dolice. ... « . . . .
The arrest followed and a search af the
room occupied by thf lad at 2162 Pine,
where his mother is employed as a do
mestic, brought to light all of the plun
der stolen from the hotel. Comely has
been employed at the hotel for several
months and prior to that time was ap
prentice in the navy. He will undoubted
ly be sent to some reform institution^
Albert Comely, a 16-year-old bellboy
employed at the Hotel Westminster, 614
Sutler street, was arrested last night by
Detectives ityan and Taylor and his
name registered on the detinue book at
the City Prison. Comely, though young
in years, bids fair to become an accom
plished criminal If not checked In his
career at this time.
Albert Comely, a Sixteen- Year-old
Lad, Is Accused of Several
Crimes.
BELLBOY IS ABRESTED AND j
ACCUSED OF HOTEL THEFTS I
The petition sets forth that on Novem
ber 2, the company served notice upon him
of cancellation of the policies which it
held upon his life, and made him a tender 1
of the amount of premiums he had paid -j
and interest thereupon, amounting to $33,- ]
0C3, and that this tender was refused. The
tender is therefore made to the court,
and it Is petitioned that Blair be required
to appear in court to answer the charges,
but not under oath, the petitioners speci
fically waiving requirement of an oath.
. Papers summoning Blair to court were
given to a United States Deputy Marshal
late to-day,and he departed for the Blair
home to serve them.
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 5. — In the United
States Court to-day the Mutual Life In
surance Company of Kfew York filed an
application for the cancellation of two
life Insurance policies ag-gregatingr $250,000
carried toy the company upon the life of
James I* Blair.
The company charges that the policies
were secured through fraudulent repre
sentations. The petition further charges
that Blair attempted to take his own
life on October 15 and Octover 31,. and
defraud the company of the amount of
the policies.
The petition also charges that Blair,
for ten years, during which time he was
attorney for the company, deceived the
company by representing that he enjoyed
an income of $100,000 a year; that he was
a capitalist and able ta ptfy the pre
miums.
THURSDAY. -NOVEMBER 6,
City and County of San Francisco to Sig
*nund Schwabacher. lot on NW corner of Jack
son and Gough streets. W 137:6 by N 127:8Vi;
also lot on SW corner of J^ackson and Gough
streets. W 60 by S 125:8Vi; $ .
Same to Anna O. Cassell.- lot on W line of
Gough street, 120 N of Vallejo, N 30 by W
1C0; $- — .
Same to Virginia Fitch, lot on NE corner
of Oak and Laguna streets. E 85 by N 120;
* .
Sophia Schwartz to Annie E. Valentine lot
on S line of Post etreet. 137:6 W of Laguna,
AV 30 by S 137 ;6; gift.
Amelia L. Gardner to James W. and Sarah
J. Burnham, lot on N line of Greenwich street
22 E of Stelner. E 24:3^. N 35, E 0:2% N
41:6><.. W 24 :« S 76:6'i; $10.
Agathe L. Vlllegla to Helen M. Sullivan
fwlfe of J. F.), lot on N line of Turk street,
31 E of Steiner. E 106:t5. N 137:6, W 50 S
60 W 56:8. S 87:6; $10.
Nancy G. Davis to Blanche. Grace, Lola and
George T. Davis, lot on NE corner of Clay and
Raker streets. E 31:3 by N 105; gift.
PMer and Mary E. McHugh to John P.
Sheridan lot on W line of Cherry street. 75 N
of Clay 'W 100. N 12. SE to point 70:11 S of
Washington street, S Q:5&; $10.
City and County al Sart Francisco to Wil
liam W Mackay. lot on SW line of Eleventh
street. 535 SE of Folsom, SE 30, SW 63, NW
S3 SW 34; $ • '
Same to Maud G. Eyre and Alfred J. Gray,
lot on W line of Jessie street, 110 S of Her
mann S CO *>y W 77:0; $ .
Same to Abraham, Sigmund and Bella
Schwabacher • MIna L. Ehrman and Jane B.
Schwabacher. .lot on S line of Duboce (Thir
teenth) street. 170 W of Valencia. W 100, 3
160 E 125. N 70. W 25, N 00; $ .
Simon Fitzpatrlck or Fitz to Mary Fltj
ratrtck lot on E line of Julian avenue, 245 8
of Fourteenth street. S 30 by E 84. N 30:
also lot on W line of Gilbert street. 205 NW
of Brannan, NW 25 by SW SO; also lot On
NE corner of Church and Lane streets at point
BO more or less from NE corner James Ben
eon's lot. S 70 by E 32; gift.
Matthew Cassldy to Mary Ca*sldy, lot on E
line of Sharon etreet, 200 8 of Fifteenth. S 23
bv E- 125: also lot pn \V line of Sharon street,
250 "7U N of Sixteenth. N 25 by W 125; gift.
Julius H. and Lulu Berghauser to Bessie B.
Baxley lot on E Une of Castro street, lt>5 N
of Twentieth. N «0 by E 125; $ir>.
Nancy G. or Nannie Davis to Blanche. Grace
and Lola T. Davis, lot on E line of Harrison
street 208 S of Twenty-fourth, S 52 by E
100, and property out of county; gift. •
'Levl Straiifs to Jacob, Slgmund, Louis and
Abraham Stern, lot on E line of Battery street.
30 I of Pine. S 152:6. E 137:6. N 00:10, W
60 N 31:8. W.25, S 30, W C2:6; gift.
Elizabeth L. Urquhart (formerly Elizabeth
B Lander) and Klchard A. Urouhart to Eli**
M and Robert C. Bolton and David E. MeMst,
(trustee), lot on W line of Webb street, 68 :»
N of California. N C8:0 by W «2:6; $10.
Robert C. and Eliza M. Bolton and Walter
B Cope to John F. Leicester, lot on E line of
Kearny street. 130 S of Sacramento. E 80. S
7-6,. E 05, S 137:6. W 02:6, N q&:9. -W 62:6,
N 70:3; $10.
David E. Melllss (tnrete« of estate of Fran
ces P. B. Melltss) to name, undivided third of
same; $70,000. -
Robert C. and Eliza M. Bolton to same, lot
on. E line of Kearny etreet, 08:9 N of Califor
nia. S 0:K bv B «2:6; $10. > .
Pavld E. Melllss (trustee of estate of. Fran-
James J. McElroy (single) to Franz Wisch
newikf, lot on E line of West street. 100 S
of Eighth. S 50 by E 75. lots 3 and 4. block
1H> Kellersberger"a map (recorded ; November
3, 1903). Oakland: $10.
Al E Lovett to Ida E. Tuttle, lot on S
corner of East Twenty-fifth rtreet and Twen
ty-first avenue. SW 125 by SE 100, Oakland;
$10.
F. W. Hambleton to G. W. Langan. lot on
•NE corner of Stanley place and Fairnwunt
avenue E 104.85 by N 35, block C, map re-
Kubdtvlslon blocks C and D, Flint Tract,'Oak
land; $10. '
Henry A. and Lucie .B. Butter* to William
G Henshaw. lot on S line of Sixteenth street,
150 W of Telegraph avenue. NW 25. SW
110.7S SE 8 along line 00 from and parallel
to San Pablo avenue. NE 23.89. NE 107.67,
Oakland; $10. • ,
Andrew D. Pryal to Ruth E. Pryal (wife),
lot on NW line of Clare mont avenue. 50 NE
of Suttcr street, NE 100 by NW 100, block
E map Vicente Peralta Reservation Tract,
Oakland; gift.
Orln B and Edith Frisble to Will E. Frls
bie NE 20 feet of lot 13 and SW 20 feet of
lot' 14 map portion Highland Park, East Oak
land; '$10.
Caroline R. Beals (widow) to Giovanni E.
Channing lot on E line of Shattuck avenue.
150 N of Vine street. N 30 by E 80. lot 15,
block 4 map resubdlvislon blocks 3 and 4. <
Antlsell' Tract Berkeley; also lot en E line
of Shattuck avenue. 150 N of Vine rtreet. N
SO by E 90 lot 15. block 4, map resubdivlsion
blocks. Berkeley;, $10. .
• Evergreen Cemetery Association to James
Currv post commander Lyon Post No. 8, G.
A R* as trustee), all lots as laid out Map 3,
Evergreen • Cemetery, Lyon . Post plat. G. A.
R in Trenor and Armstrong Tract, for In
terment of deceased Union Veterans of Civil
War etc* Brooklyn *(wnshlp; $1.
. E B. a'nd A. L. Stoned Company (corporation)
and' Andy L. Stone (married) to John Leslie
(married), lot on SE line -of Fifth avenue,
«fi B2 NE of Elm utreet, thence at right angles
120' NE 60, NW 120. SW 60. lot 272 and SW
half of lot 271, Madison Square. Elmhurst,
Brooklyn Township: $10. ,
Charles A. and Jennie F. Splnks to Puget
Sound Lumber Company, tot on N lin« of Pa
cific avenue. 83:4 W of Morton street. W 33:4
by N 150. Alameda; quitclaim deed; |1.
Christine -Everdrup (Hopp) to L B. Sverdrup,
lots 67, 68 and 104, block No. — , Dexter
Tract Addition to Oakland. Oakland: also all
real property in State of California; $r. .
Herovt-Holcotnb Comfiany to II. S. Rol-.inson.
lot on NE line of Si Dorado avenue, 90 SW
John .Lackmann (owner) with S. H. Robln
non (contractor), architect Charles J. Rousseau
— AH work except mantels, gas fixtures. Backus
grates and shades for a three-story frame
building (six flats) on E line of Woodward
avenue (Jessie). 113:4 S of Thirteenth street,
S 50by E 70; $11,000.
Alameda County.
C. W. Withlngton (owner) with J. M. Robert
eon (contractor), architects Cunningham & Poli
teo — All work for a two- story frame building
on SE corner of Castro. and Liberty streets, S
26:6 by E 100; $4700.
Francis Smith & Co. (cwners) with Sandford
D. le Clalr (contractor), architect Pile driv
ing, pumping, etc, for engines and | machine
foundations and buildings on N corner of
Eighth and Townsend streets, 275 on Eighth
and 275 on Townsend; $ .
Jacob Heyman Company (owners) with L.
T/ Fenn (contractor), plans by owner — All work
for a one-story . frame cottage on E line of
Hoffman avenue. lot 30. Heyman Tract; $1550.
Same owner with same contractors, pl&ns by
same — All work Tor a one-story and attic fram*
building on W line of Hoffman avenue, lot 163,
same;. $1980.
Builders' Contracts.
S. Ducas Company (corporation) to John J.
and Annie Drlscoll, lot on E line of Glrard
street, 75 N of Clement. N 50 by E 120, Iot3
11 and 12, block 11, Paul Tract; $10.
Frances S. and H. A. Dinsmore and Jennie
and Stanley Gray to Harriett H. Moise, lot on
N line M street, 32:0 W of Forty-fifth avenue,
AV 100, N 100. E 12:6. N 125, W 120, N 125.
E 120, S 100, E 120. S 150. W 32 :C, S 10»); $1O.
Solomon Bnd Dora Getz to Joseph W. El
liott, lot -on S line of Athens and Persia
streets, SE KO by SW 100, block 74, Excelsior
Homestead; $10.
Oscar Heyman to Mary A. Richardson, lot
on NW line of Chenery street. 413 SW of
Roanoke, SW 25 by NW ICO, lot 160, block
3, Falnnount; ?lf>.
John Hazel to Thomas Hazel, lot on S line
of Thirtieth street, 75 E of Bartlett (Harper),
E 25 by S 125; $10.
William and Sophie Frisch to John and
Catherine Zoerb. lot on N line of Sacramento
street, 177:0 E of Leavenworth, E 20 by N 70;
$10.
Louis Rostein and as trustee estate of Ee
gina Wertheimer to Enewald Peterson, lot on
NE line of Ninth street, 75 NW of Biyant,
NW 20 by NE So; $2500.
•Bernard, Francis J"., Mary E.. William. Dan
iel J., Esther M., Thomas H. ana Bernard
J. Dowd to California Safe Deposit and Trust
Company, lot on SE line of Ringold (Shipley)
street, 125 NE of Ninth. NE 25 by SE 75; $10.
William H. (or Harry) Bushell to James B.
Sykes, lot on E line of Seventh avenue, be
tween Clement ant} California streets, 214 —
of Seventh avenue: $10.
Leopold Blum to Flora Blum, lot on E line of
Sixth avenue, 175 S of California, S 25 by E
120; :1ft.
Cora A. Morton (formerly Cora W. Herz
steln or Wallace), wife of James, to Frances
T. Tyler, lot on NE corner of Fulton and
Thirtieth avenue. E 120 by N «00; $10.
Bernhard and Rose Getz to Frederic Teague.
lot on W line of Seventh avenue, 125 S of J
street, S 25 by W 120; $10.
An assignment has been made by the
Pueblo Title and Trust Company tcr E.
P. Shove of Colorado Springs. Shove said
to-day that the Title and Trust Company
was perfectly solvent and could pay all
demands within thirty days. The bank's
deposits are about $250,000, including the
accounts of a large number of working
men. The assets are said to be about
$450,000.
VICTOR, Colo., Nov.v 5.— Frank M.
Woods, general manager of the Woods In
vestment Company, has made the follow
ing explanation of the closing of the Vic
tor National Bank of this city, of which
he Is president:
Tho strike resulted In withdrawals from the
rank, chiefly by men who were leaving the
district, and our reserve, was depleted until
T. P. Kane, deputy comptroller of the cur
rency, ordered the bank closed by Bank Ex
aminer J. B. Lezeau, who is In charge. The
Woods Investment Company is behind the
First National and depositors will be paid in
full, and the mining properties in which the
Woods Investment Company is Interested ¦will
continue operations as heretofore.
ces r. B. Melllss) to John*". Leicester, same;
no.
William and Eliza Sharp to same. lot. on E
line ot Kearny street, 30:10ii X of California,
N 173:10»i by E 62:6; $10.
George A. and Marie E. E. Berton to same,
lot 09 E line of Kearny street, 82 S -of Sacra
mento, S 4S. E 30, S 7:0, E 32:6, N 50:6, W
62; $10.
Bernard and Anna Davidson to Ranforth E<
Steele, lot on NE corner of Clay street and
Parker alley, E 20 by N 00; $1Q.
PUEBLO, Colo., Nov. 5.— As a conse
quence ot the failure yesterday of the
First National Bank of Victor, Colo., the
Pueblo Title and Trust Company, capital
$250,000, did not open for business to-day.
The trust company is controlled by the
Woods Investment Company, which also
owned the Victor institution.
In consequence of the closing of the Bi
metallic Bank a run was started on the
Colorado Banking and Trust Company,
an allied* Institution.
CRIPPLE CREEK, Colo., Nov. 5.— The
Bimetallic Bank of Cripple Creek failed
to open to-day. A notice on the door an
nounced: "Bank closed. Statement later."
The Bimetallic Bank was established in
1S91 by David H. Moffltt and sold by him
In 1901 to James F. Hadley and others.
It Is capitalized at $10e,G00 and Its deposits
aggregate about $220,000. • The officers are;
President. James F. Hadley; vice presi
dent, Bruno Hobbs; cashier, E. P. Ar
thnr..
City Treasurer A. G. Jones, assistant
cashier of the bank, said:
The cause of the failure to opeii our doors
is the heavy decline in mlnlnK stock and rtal
estate. I believe we will b«. able to pay
dollar fcr dollar, but *?e mu*t have time.
The directors of the Bimetallic Bank
this afternoon made an assignment to E.
P. Arthur, the cashier. It is understood
that the bank will liquidate and go out of
business. ,
Pueblo Title and Trust Com
\ pany Also Makes an
Asngnment»
Charge That He Tried to De
fraud the Company by
Attempting Suicide
Failure of the Bimetallic
to Open Its*
Doors.
Ask Federal Court to
Concel Two Policies
on His Life,-
CRIPPLE CREEK
BANK COLLAPSES
INSURANCE MEN
AFRAID OF BLAIR
THE SAN FBANCISCO GALL, \FEIDAY, NOVEMBER 6. 1903.
of Bayo Vista avenue, SW 45 by SE 123. being
SW 35 feet of lot 4.1 and NE 10 feet of lot 42,
Map No. 2 of Linda Vista Terrace, Oakland;
$10.
John P. and Edna F. Beckett to Minerva J.
Sweeney, lot on N line of Thirty-eighth street,
r-SiS.StJ E of Market. E 40 by N 129.50, Oakland;
?ie.
Savings and Loan Society, S. C. and Isabel
O. Bigelow and George Sterling to Ellen A.
Pringle, lot on SE line of Howe street. 30 SW
of Howard. SW 30 by SE 125, lot 5. block F.
Thermal Hill (formerly Howe Tract). Oak
land; $10.
C. W. and Lovlna M. Gibson to Loais D.
Reeb (single), lot on E line of Harrison street.
480 N of Tweirth (2CO N from N line of Thir
teenth). N 78 by«E 150. lot 1, Map of Alice
Park property, Oakland; ?10.
Thomas Fraser (widower) to Julia McM.
Beebe (single), lot on NW line of Thirteenth
avenue, 50 SW of East Twenty-second ctreet.
SW 30 by NW 150, block 130. Clinton, East
Oakland: dft
Mary Kelleher to Central Bank, lots 9 and I
10, inat> resiubdlvlslon of portion of blocks D
and E,.Carrlson Tract, as security for any ad
vaaces made by second party; to first party,
Berkeley; $200.
J. A. and Emily V. Marshall to Martha
M. Baldwin, lot 25, block C, Leonard Tract.
Berkeley: $10.
Isabella Speer (wife of A. C.) and Blanche
May Whlteman to Bridget Coleman <wldow>,
lot S line of Effle street, 200 E of Dwinelle.
E 40 by S 132:6, lot 6, block 8, Case Tract.
Berkeley: $10.
Mary McHenry Keith (wife of William) to
Ellen J. McHenry. lots 1. 2 and S 20 feet of
lot. 3 (S half of lot 3), block 22. Daley's
Scenic Park, Berkeley; *10.
George H. and Nancy E. Lee to Joseph De
martlno. lota 120 to 127, Rosa Lee Tract,
Brooklyn Township: J10.
Robert I*..and Sara!} J. Hatcher to Frank
F. Dodge, lot on NW line of Redwood road SH
BW of Davis street. SW 6«. NW 124.33. NE
65.6, etc.. BE 128.C9. lots 78 fcnd 79, block C.
Frultvale Tract. Brooklyn Township; flO.
Leah F. Mott to Myron H. Fish, lot on S
line of San Jose avenue, 83:4 E of Regent
street. E 83:4 by S 79, portion of lot 6, map
of part of Hastings Tract, Alameda; $10.
Mary and John J. Crowley to Kate Marten
(¦widow), undivided fifth Interest ta Jot on SE
corner of Pacific avenue and Oak street, E
62, S 112, ESS, S3S. W 1C0. N 150. lot 20
and portion of lot 19, block 47, T. A. Smith's
map of blocks 46 and 47. lands adjacent to
Eocinal, Mlntura Tract, Alameda; $10. i
13
REAL ESTATE-— CITY FOR SALE.
• SPECK 4 CO..
6C7 lta.rl.ct St.. oppocltc Ke&my,
Heal Estate Arents and Ilent Collectors,
Full Charge Taken of Property.
MUST BE SOLJX
UftcaiSoeat Downtown Corner Investment.
VICTNTTT POWELL AND ELLIS STS.
NEARLY 100 FEET FP-ONTAGB
5 STORES. BASEMENT AND 80 ROOMS.
Good building; KJOOO expenditure for im-
r.rovemer.ts will brir.g rental of J1S50 per I
month.
Full particu'.arB at
SPECK & CO..
CCT Market st.
POST ST.
Right tn the best prospective district.
Between 40 ar.d 50 feet of frontage.
PBJCE VERY REASONABLE.
THOMAS UAGBB & SONS.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
5 MONTGOMERY ST.
MODERN cottages; flnfshed complete with
?•very cocverier.ee; *asy terms; large lots.
4 rooms— ?2*'0.
6 rooms— f 32'0.
5 rooms— fSr.OO.
€ rocms — J.'.i'Ott.
7 room* — J4KO.
6 rooms — $4CuO.
Located on First end Second ave.. bet.
Geary ar.d MeAllirKr rt. cars and .-sub block
corth cf ra'k- F. NELSON, builder.
t900 — COTTAGE. 4 roorr.fi. at €23 Moultrle St.;
a barxaid; t'.H<o down, balance $s per month.
flSOO— Cottage. 4 r. end b. ; 2Sth st. : terms.
D. COFFIN A CO.. 3303 Mission et.
ETTLD en your unimproved realty; we loan
full cost improv. and part lot at 6 per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO., Crocker building.
FINE 5nccn-.e f.st* on FViltcn. nr. City Hajl;
'fEFT.H'ole. Inquire 142 Fulf*n *t.. owner.
j KBAL. ESTATE — Conatrr — For Sale.
NOTICE TO EMPLOYES.
A rare chance for parties earning a small
salary to get themt-elvee a nice country
fcDtrie.
$4C0 — $ioo <5cwn. $25 a month, will buy 10
acre* of choice citrus fruit, berry, table or
»".ne £rajw> lsnd la ti:a Whitaker & Ray
Colony. Sacramento County, IS miles from
capital of State
2'>C0 acrre Fold, irwo plar.ted: good school
and close to railroad station. QL'IGGLE.
care V. HITAKEK & RAY CO.. 723 Market
rt. ; hour? 8 to 1" a. rr... 4 to 5 p. m., or
address bcx IB. Ca'.t.
flO A MONTH buys a ten-acre farm twelve
rr.ilee frcrr. Sacramento; wr^tp f^r booklet:
!t> free. WKIGHT & KIMBROUGH. €03
3 st.. Sacramento. Cal.
IF you want a Stock ranch dairy or coloniza-
t'cr. tract, write CHAS. W. COE & CO.. 45
ffert Sar.ta Et.. Far. Jose. Cal.
¦ ALFALFA lands, sto^k ranches, orchards.
vir.»yar<!s- lr-fpeotPd bargain? : monthly cata-
lrxuos sent free. C. M. WOOSTEK CO.. 64S
Markft i^t.
FOR poultry and .lalry ranch** v-e'.dir.g a good
_ profit. HAMILTON &¦ XENPP.ICK.Pmluma.
CTIEATrsT anl best in America— Th* Weekly
Call. ltJ paces, seat to ar.v address in the
T"-.u<"<1 .^tati-!= <r Canada on* year for Fl.
POI\T RICHMOND REAL. ESTATE.
WATER front lets en* barrair.?: all tracts;
ir»" frwifrw rtr ?;nr.I. *17 Parr-vtt bid*.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BEItKELEY REAL ESTATE.
i. 3. MASON.
Real Evst? and Ir.FUT.nce Agent,
Choice Property a Specialty.
SE. ccr. Shattuck ave. and Center St.,
Berkeley. Cal.
60x130; ON Olftcuu st.. jiear A;=l-.r;y station.
!?.'•* Purrhez *t.. San FVmriactt.
: OAKLAND .4DYEBTISEMEXTS
CFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAM) REAL ESTATE.
IMPROVED Oakland property to exchange for
lets :n Oakland cr Sar. Francisco or land not
far frcm Oakland. P. C. LASSEN <fc CO..
4<5C T^r.th ft.. Oakland. Cal.
Moiiern h?cs»-. 9 rms.; rtahie; Mason & Hamlin
r rran. B^rg 12 m . 422 Orar.ge Ft.. Oakland.
O.4KLAM) Fl'U.MTinE FOR SALB.
TO-MOREO"SV the day for bargains in furnJ-
tute. H. Schjllh&a*. 11th Ft-.cor.store.Oaklnd.
ROOMS FOR UUISEK.LGPI.VG.
A-VTLERS. 41S Turk ft.— Strictly modern, 4-5
; rooai »:*nir:ects; fur. or unfur. for hskpir-
ELE^"E^¦TI^. 1(j6 — Buaar fumlshtd rocms for
botHRkecptiis.
OAK. 117— Sunny frit tuitt-F; $12 to flS; gas
!a:.pt. hot bath, laundry; adults.
OFAKKELL. 12T&— 2, :J or 4 iarpe housekeep-
ing room*: ail coevtniencet; rea^Tnablt.
WASHINGTON eve.. ::%. n->ar Mission and
Mh— 3 rice, nmay rfr-mz complete f<;r tudepv.
• CLAS5IK1KD p\\f:x.i£-jr.er.tf and *jab*tr;ptioas
r»-c»>ivert at Cal! branch o'Co. 22tK> FiUmor*.
A BHANCH ofScf- for Call advertisements and
t'Sbmcriptlaot tas bten established at 103t$
V;-.:' r,"ia st.
Hanarkpc Roomi— Apartm't Hoqin.
j^ THE LU^'ET^NE
LARKXK ST. RET. SUTTER AND BUSH;
THE STICKIEST FCRNISHED APART-
MENTB IN THE CITY: THOROUGHLY
V DESK: 81'PERIOR BERVICE: CHOICE
• t> ATI')X; ALL CAR LIVES; NOW OPEN. I
THK FreOerlefc. B81 Stanyan. opp. Park— Furn. ;
*; artnif-ntf : fri. bat?,: Ft>am heater; janitor. ¦
ROOMS TO LET — lorn, and tnforn.
A— BRCJCQWICX Houm, 148 ?!xth tt.-Roonu
2T.r to il per nipht. 51 2." to ?."> j*r week and j
light booaekcegtnc rooms; open all nii?ht.
AT "The Alrr.ctJt*-," K73 Market rt. (or No. 1
Fifth «.>— Rocins. 25c. We $!, Jl TtO n!ght; j
%l t(i to $10 u«k; boose <prn all night.
BIRXETT. 1426 Market tr,i<i No. 1^,64)— Fur- |
ni^h^d rc^n-y. euiif. ylr.glo; also unfurnished. |
CLIFFORD. 2W Ellis, corner Mason— El«*antiy
furc'.£hed tunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELLIS. l>a. ti<-ar Scott— Nice, large farr.iaheiS
mow; Ers; $p..
FCTRTW. 2ST.— Nl'v sunny front room, eu't-
»bl<» fcr two pc-r^or.?.
• COLDF.V GATE a^e . HT- LoA-e-y frO nt Buite
or eir.cle roonxt; opposite Jeffprson Square.
GUANO Soulhern. 7ih and Mi'uicn— Roo»n« 50c
r to SI 50 cit^-.t; fl to $3 weik; readlnr-roora.
JPSSIE. 441— Sunny rurr.irb«Hl ~7oom : double
bed; rents rnly $2 r^r •w»^>k.
KNICKERBOCKER arartrr.ents 1.14O Pir.<» nr
Hyde — Steam heat, <>lwtric liphtrd. free
teth; 3-room *u!te» lumlyTitd. f30 up.
LAGUNA and McAllister. St. James flat— Sun-
B7 *i»^le room.
ROYAL House, J2C Ellis — Incandescent light*.
rfsfi;r.ir-rooni. eTTKtitlng-room «nd ladies' pai--
lor; rooms per eight. 35c to $1 60; week. $2
to t£; month. S-H to-$3*>; elevator on ground
•Soor; rc^ms wlUi hot and coid water; baths.
"-V1TED KTATFTS. 123 EdiSy rt.. near Mark*^—
400 e;«r:*' and family rooms; 33c to $J n'.Kht:
II TZ to *'j week: ej?vr»tcr; elisctric iignts;
n^tel5-ri»m; fr«- bus and t-^er-ipr.
VASC KESS, r.!f« — Hirdscine tunny furnished
tu:tf« En<i rir.ple rooms; all conveniences.
IVTNCttESTER Hotel. 44 3d St., near Market—
Mr,trt convenient ar.d reitpertable: 700 roomi;
E5e to fl SO nUrht; J2 to $S w**k: ele\ator;
liytitf. ; rcajinc-room; free bug; baggag<». ,
A DVERT:snMENTS. fRibfcrlptlohs received at
cal. I,r3rich nfflce. cor. Duncan & Church sts.
\ ERAXCH c!fic* for Call advertisements and
«:bfCTijitlor,i has been eetabHsaea at 10S6
\ ::UT.r\ti yt.
IIOOMS AXD I1OARD. ~
,_„ „ UofElTlJALTIMORS
__/^L N^ s AVE. NEAR GEAHT ST.
r^LECT. FIRET-CLASS FAMILY HOTEL.
¦ w , ar ar>oc!atia«its; Intercora-
muBlcatirs enl long diKtanee phones (n ev«ry
wrn; eteam h<-at-d: hot and cold ocean water
baths; cuisine end service best; American plan
ciUy. f3 to «5 dfcy. EpecUl rates by month.
STEVENSON tr.Enfion, 807 California et.— At-
tractl\-e and eiphtiy rooms; best table and
yrrrit*; lmvest rate*.
L VAN N^ SS av «- 1714— Private boardins-house.
r- hotaelike: crerythlair flrst-class; sunny
ruitr*-: >;r,r!> rrx-.rr.s: rhnjif iocality; ret
"¦OO-MS A.\U UP Altl> WASTED.
"^' ANTED — By a recUemaa and wife, nice
comfortable room, with private bath attached;
«j? :rGpcan p!an cr near S 0^ restaurant.
TWO ladles will wcehaaffe net-rices for hoase-
- kefP«n« rooms; reliable; trust worthy. J. E..
ksx 292S, Cail office
ROOMS WASTED. ?
NICELY furnished room for young single man;
• Etnte terns. A. B., box 2023. Call.
WANTED — A sunny room north of Market st.
not over $7; private family. Box 28S3, Call.
6T11TERI&Q AM) STAMMEKISU.
MELBOURNE School. Van Nees-Market— Cut*
in every oa«; Individual teaching; no medi-
cine. Inquire Into wonderful cures ;homo cure.
KL&SEIAQE UCENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday :
Otis H. Bowers. 33. 305 Montgomery avenue,
and Marguerite Noisat. 23. 2tt Mint avenue.
Antonio Bee. 41, Oakland, and ilicaela
Arauz, 40, Oakland.
Giuseppe Randazzo. 25. 222 Mason street,
ar.ri Lor.a Gatto. IS. 4 Vincent Btreet.
George H. Richards, 21, 122 H Ban J°«2
avenue, and Katharine L. Nankervli, 21, 1602
Howard Etreet. .
Joseph P. Lynch. 2S, 419 First avenu*. and
Phtlamena S. Nunee. 24, 1000 Clement street.
Maurice Buckley, 30. D3S Minna street, and
Map-do Taylor. 25. GS5 Minna street.
Geonre E. Child*. 30. 221 Ritch street, and
E!len Stack, 24, 120 Gilbert street.
H"nri Haulx 30. 1623 Fillmore street, and
Anna Salanouve. 2S. llTH Wlldey avenue.
Mike r>ev*-hka. 23. 2T Wilder street, and
Anna fhrik. 24. 27 Wilder etreet.
Martin Kalnin. 2S. 2105 Bush street, and
Florence M. Young. 20. 2105 Burh streft.
BIRTBS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marrian and death notices sent by
mail wlJl not be Inserted. They must be handed
i in at elthf-r of the publication offices and be
' indorsed with tho r.ame and residence of per-
! Bons authorised to have the same published.
JIABRIED.
i SCHLIT.TER— SCHAEFER— In this city, Oc-
t< ber 31, iyO3. by the Rev. G. A. Bernthal.
Adolf Schlueter and Elisabeth Schaefer, both
of San Francisco.
: SEHHSTEDT— THOMAS— In this city, No-
vember 4. 10CC, by the Rev. G. A. Bernthal,
Sir.ifca Sehestedt and Emma Thomas, both
pf San Franc!«co.
DIEIX
Anderson. Edward G. Lord, Mary T.
Rehrmann, Jane Na6h, Jonathan M.
Btenek. Otto Pearson. John A. W.
Buck. Zeda A. Pinkham, Bernice
liurke, Bridget T. Polleys.. William M.
Clifford. John T. Rasmussen, Jessie
Cock. Mollie Reese. Martin A.
Crowley, Elizabeth Schrader. Ferdinand
Curler, Rosa Selenger, George G.
Dolan, Edward Stafford, Jane
Dreyfus, Margerlte Sweeney, Catherine
Kay. B. M. Taylor, Benjamin E»
Goldstein. Margaret TUEttn. Paul J.
Harrington. John M. Von Oesen, Dora %
Jeide. Friedrich P. Waugh. Clarence
Krtnz. Emil A. Jr. Weil. Joseph
Kutith, Jerome Zimmerman, Martha
ANDERSON— In this city, November 5* 1903.
EiJwinl George, beloved son of Anna Ander-
son, end brother of Hjalmar A. and Julian
F. Anderson. Mrs. Theresa Bitfkford and
Mrs. Aeda Larson, a native of Sweden, aged
41 y*ars 10 months and 12 days.
I BE HUM ANN— In this city, November 2. 1903,
Jane, beloved wife of C. F. Behrmann, and
sister of Mrs. Gardner Osgood and James
Johnston, a r.2tive of Ireland, aged 59 years
y months and 22 days.
CyFrieri'Js and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the firheral services
Friday. November 6. at 2 o'clock, a^ the
mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate Under-
taking- Company. 2475 Mission street, near
Twenty-firEt. Interment L. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery. Kindly emit flowers.-
I BIENEK— In this city, November 4, 1903, Otto
Bienek. a .native of Berlin, Germany, ag^d
£2 y«-ars. A member of Paperhangers' and
Fresco Painters" Union No. 50i>.
CTFricnii? and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
ttvdny <Fri<?ST-), at 2 o'clock, at the par-
lors of Gaotner Bros., 120a Mission street,
between Eighth and Ninth. Cremation I. O.
O. F. Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
BUCK — In Berkeley, November 5, 1003, Zeda
A., beloved daughter ct Rev. Milton D. and
Martha R. Bur-k. and Ftetf-r of Dana P. and
Lorena V. Buck, a native of Sacramento,
Cal.. aged 8 years. •-. .
BURKE — In thisdty. November 4. 1803, Brid-
get Tbrr^a Hurke, beloved mother of Mrs.
Hfrsa FriiF. Mrs. Rebecca Anderson, Mrs.
Kate JaccUcn and Jamts Burke of Auck-
land. New Zealand, a native of Ireland,
ag-el 8S years. « Auckland tNew Zealand) pa-
pers r>iease copy.)
EI7"FrienJs and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday,
at 2 o'clcck. from her late residence. 201
Shot w? 11 ctr«rt. corner Sixteenth. Inter-
ment CywtMM Lawn Cemetery, by funeral
car from Eis?hte<>mh and Guerrero streets.
I CLIFFORD — In this city, November 4, 1003,
John Thomas, devcted husband of Annie
Clifford, father of Patrick J. Clifford, loving
Fon of Patrick and Ellen Clifford, brother of
Nellie. William and the late Joseph Clifford,
and brother-in-law of Ella and Abbie Mc-
Carthy, a native of Lynn. Mass., aeed 29
years 1 month and 12 day?.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at *¦:.'{'> o'clock, from the parlors
of McFadden. McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mis-
sion street, thence to St. Joseph's Church,
where a requiem high Tnass will b« cele-
brated for the re;xise of his soul at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery-
I COOK— In this city. November 4, 1BG3, Mollle,
beiovtd wife of Charles H. Cook, a native
of Df-s Mo'.nes. Iowa, aged 25 years and 11
months.
CSTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1:'M o'clock, from the family
resicJem-e, '.'.WA Baker Ftreet. Interment Cy-
press I. awn Cemetery, by electric car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
j CKOWI.EY— In this city. November 4. 1903,
Elizabeth, beloved wife of William Crowley,
a native <jf England, aged 61 years 4 months
and 4 fiayc.
CTTunoral Saturday, November 7, 1903, at
£:."i0 o'clock, from the mortuary chapel of the
Golrlen Gate Undertakes Comr>any, 2475
Mission street, thence to St. James Church,
corner Twenty-third and Guerrero streets,
wh<pre hich mass will be celebrated for the
repose of h«r soul at » o'clock. Interment
private. Holy Cross Cemetery. Kindly omit
flowers.
! CURLER— In this city. November 5, 1003.
R/si. beloved daughter of Frederick H. and
Emma' Curlt r, a native of Los Angeles, aged
J* years h months and 21 riays.
DOLAN — In this city. November 3. 1003. Ed-
ivar<3 Dolan. a native of County Jjeitrim.
Ireland, aged HI years,
CTFrl«»ds and- acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
denie, t't Ivy avenue, off Van Ness avenue,
thence to St. Mary'f= Cathedral, where a re-
quiem hieh mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his *oul at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
DREYFUS — In this city, November , r >. 1903.
Marijerite DrPvfus, beloved wife of the late
Tneudore in-ejfus, a native of France, aged
Tis years.
t7*Fii»nds and acquaintances arc respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from the undertak-
ing oarlm-H of Tbeodor Dierks, 957 Mission
Ktr-.ft, between Fifth and Sixth. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
FAY— In this city, November 4, 1903, B. M.,
relict «'f John Fay, and loving mother of
Luke and John Fay, a native of Ireland,
&Ki*>l C") years *• months -and ltf days..
CyFrurtds and acquaintances are respect-
fu.ly Invited to attend the funeral to-day-
(Friday), at 0::>'j o'clock, from h'r late r«-si-
dence. 2«il4 Powell Etreet, thence to St. Fran-
cis Chur>-*', where a solemn requiem mass
WlTl be celebrated for the rcpos? of her soul,
commencing at JO o'clock. Interment Holy i
<:rc*s Cemetery, by f-lectric funeral car from j
EiElitcnth and Guerrtro streets. Please I
omit flowers. j
! GOLDSTKIN— November 5. 1903, Margaret,
beloved wife of Simon Goldstein, mother of
Robert anil Lev.-i* OolOsteln, daughter of
Mrs. Eilen Moran. and sistr-r of Mrs. M. J.
Smith and John and Josr-jih Moran, a native I
of LmwcU. Mas?. j
E^Nctice of Juneral h^-r^after?
i HARRINGTON— In this rlty, November 4
1904, John M.. dearly beloved son of the late
Har.ora Harrington, and devoted brother of
Kitty, Mary and' Louise Harrington, a na-
tive cf Vir^nia City, New, aged 22 years
S months rnd 24 days. "
pryilanfls and acquaintances ar» respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
November «i, at 10 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1CS Perry street. l«>twe*>n Third
and Fourt'n. Interment strictly private.
JEIDE— In this city, November 4, 1003, Fried-
rich Phillip Jeide, youngest and beloved *on
of Conrad and Ellzabetta Jeide. and loving
brother of Willie. Walter. Kfiti.-. Louie and
Tillie Jeide, a native of San Francisco, age*
30 Cnye.
B^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the. funeral to-morrow
tSaturdaj), at 1:30 o'clock, from the family
i^eidknce, Sll' York Ftreet, between Twen-
tieth and Twenty-first. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
KRENZ — In Albuquerque. New Mexico,' Octo- i
ber 30. 1903, Emil A. Jr.. dearly beloved son
of Emil A. and Marie Krenz, and devoted
brother of Herman and Rudolrh Krenz, the
HENRY J. CALLACHER CO.
(Successors to Plannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. M*r.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth n.. opposite Lincoln' School.
Telephone Sooth SO.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers.
Formerly In Metropolitan Tempi*.
Now at 866 MISSION. Tel. South 187.
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth st.
Finest Equinments- at Moderate Rates.
James McGinn. Henry Hansen.
JAMES McGINN & CO..
Formerly With McGinn Bros.. ,
Funeral Directors and EmbnJmers.
214 Eddy «t.: Tel. South 576.
lat« Arthur Krens and the- late Mr*. A. R-
Ness, & natlvB of San Francisco, «**»
years 6 months and 19 days.
C7Frienas and acquaintances ar« respect,
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
fFrlday). at 1 o'clock, from the residence or
his parents. 1225 York street, b«twe»n
Twenty-fourth and Tweaty-flfth. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
KTJCICH— In thli city, November 4, 1903.
Jerome, dearly beloved husband of Magda-
lena Kuclch. and father of Antono Splro,
Peter and Dr. Ostroilo Kuclch, a native or
Kumlra, Dalmatia. Austria, aged 61 year*
1 month and 4 days.
ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect,
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday.
November 6. at 10 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1919 Dupont street, thence to Sts.
Peter ana Paul'a Church, corner Dupont and
Filbert streets, where a requiem hlrh mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul.
commencing at 10:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Ometery. Please omit flowers.
LORD— In this city. November 5, 1903, Mary
Teretta, beloved wife of William A. Lord,
mother of Lillian E. and Ethel S. Lord, and
daughter of Mrs. Elisabeth C. and the late
Casslus H. Stafford, a native of Washing-
ton, aged 43 years 4 months and 24 days.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, November 8, 1003, at 1 o'clock, at
her late residence, 8330 Twenty-third street,
between Mission and Valencia. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by carriage.
NAEH — In Oakland, November 5. 1903. Jona-
than Masters Nash, father of William A..
James J. and Harry L. Nash, a native of
Nova Bcotia, agred 78 years 7 months and
28 days.
PEARSON— In Oakland, November 6. 100S,
John Aurust William, beloved eon of John
and Emma Pearson, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 7 years 0 months and 29 days.
PINKHAM— In this city. November 4, 1903,
Bernice Plrikham. beloved daughter . of the
late George C. and Carrie S. Plnkham, sister
of. Clifford and Lloyd Pinkham, and grand-
daughter of Mra. K. F. Gardiner and Mr.
and Mrs. John F. Pinkham, a native of !
California, aged 6 years' C months and 12 I
days.
(C7"Fi1en<3s and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend' the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
her grandmother. Mrs. K. F. Gardiner, 2703
Bush ctreet. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery.
POLLETS— In this city. November 5, 1003.
William M.. beloved husband of Annie M.
P. D. Polleys, a native of Massachusetts,
aged SO years 4 months and 22 daya.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral service?
Saturday, November 7, W0.3, at 1 o'clock,' at
the mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate Un-
dertaking Company. 2475 Mission atreet, near
Twenty-first. \,
RASMUSSEN— In Berkeley, November 5, 1903,
Jesxie, beloved daughter of It. C and Mado-
line Rasmusaen, ageif 9 months and 24 days.
REESE— In this city, November 4, 1903. Mar-
tin A., dearly beloved husband of Maggie
Reese, and father of Mrs. O. V. Ort ol'
Santa Cruz, a native of Michigan, aged 60
years 1 month and 3 days.
(C?*Remains will leave earlors of Valente,
Marini & Co., 1524 Stockton street, at 8
. o'clock to-day (Friday), thence hy 9 o'clock
train from Third and Townsend streets to
Santa Cruz for Interment.
SCHRADER— At his- residence. West Berkeley
Ferdinand Schrader, dearly beloved husband
of Adelina Schrader, and uncle of Mrs. Wil-
helmina Dietle and Mrs. Ernest Westelius,
a native of Germany, aged GO years 8 months
and 19 days.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday,
November »i, at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence; Viirinia and Seventh streets. West
Berkeley. No flowers.
SELENGER — In Cupertino. Santa Clara
County, November 4, 1903, George G. Selen-
ger. beloved eon of Lawrence and Mary
Selenger, and father of Gertie. Cloe, Clara,
Ellen and George Selenger, a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 41 years t) months and 10 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
i fully invittd to attend the funeral, which
' will take place to-day (Friday), at Holy
Cross Cemetery, San Mateo County, at 12:4ti
i o'clock.
STAFFORD — In this city, November 3. 1903.
Jane, beloved wife of the late William Staf-
ford, aiid mother of Nicholas and John Staf-
ford. Mrs. L. Duffy and the late Stephen and
Richard Stafford.- a native of Drougheda,
County Louih, Ireland, aged 40 years. (Wor-
cester, Mass., papers please copy.)
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
( Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
the United Undertakers, £00 Mission street,
"between Fourth and Fifth, thence to Si.
Brendan's Church for services at 10:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SWEENEY— In this city. November 4. l»03,
Catherine L., wife of J. Sweeney, beloved
mother of Mary, John and James Sweeney,
daughter of Ellen and the late Michael Cal-
laghan, and sister of James, Thomas and
Martin Callaghan and Mra. E. O'Connor and
Mrs. M. Galvin, a native of Tralee, County
Kerry, Ireland.
(CyFriends and acouaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1723 Mission street, thence to St.
Charles Borromeo's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
TAYLOR — In this city, November 3, 1903,
' B^njan-ln E., dearly beloved husband of
Sarah F. Taylor, and father of. Charles L.,
Benjamin H. and the late Frank L. Taylor.
a native of Illinois, aged 63 years 7 months
and 24 days.
IC^Friends and acquaintances are rjesp«*et-
fullr invited tc attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the Masonic
Hall. South San Francisco, under the aus-
pices of South San Francisco Lodge No. 212.
F. and A. M. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, by carriage.
TL'STIN— In Peoria. HI., October 25. 190J,
Paul J. Tiistln, beloved son of Fernando and
Mary Tustin, and brother of Mrs. J. F: .
Jorahay, Mrs. C Strandberg, Mrs. H.
Hughes anu Georee W. Tustin. a native of
San Francisco, aged 30 years 9 months and
1 day.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Friday, November 6, 1903, at 11 o'clock, at
the n'ortuary chapel of the Golden Gate
Undertaking Company, 2175 Mission street,
near Twenty-first. Ir.terment Cypres-s Lawii
Cemetery. ;
VON OESEN— In this city. November 3, 1003,
Dora, dearly t>e!oved wife of J. E. C. von
O€S?n, mother of Irma von Oesen, daughter
of Wllt-elmine and tho late Dicdrich Becker,
and sister cf Mrs. Aug. Hansen, Mrs. Emile
A. Groezinger and Edna Becker, a native ot
San Francirco, aged 30 years 10 months and
S days.
IC^Friends and acquaintances and' mem-
bers of Walhalla Helwkah Lodge No. 130,
I. O. O. F.. are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-day (Friday), at 2
o'ek-ck. from St. MarJrus Church. O'Farrell
street, between Franklin .and Goaeh. Cre-
mation Odd Fellows' Cemetery.. Please omit
flowers.
WAl'GH — In this city, November 4. 1903,
Clarence, beloved Infant son of Clarence and
Mary Waugh, a native of San Francisco,
aged 24 days.
WEIL— In this city, November 5. 1903, Jo-
seph Well, belovpd Bon of Mrs. Fanny Well,
• and nephew of Mrs. AdolDh Susan rtoos. a
native of Alexandria. La., aged 38 years.
(Fresno and Saneer. Cal., and Alexandria,
La., papers pWse copy.)
(CyFrlPmis and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attrnd the funeral services
to-day (Friday), at 3 o'clock, at the parlors
of Halsted & Co.. lHtf Mission street. Inter-
ment at Alexandria, La. .
ZIMMERMAN— ih this city, November 5. 1003,
Martha, beloved wife of Otto Zlmmerrilan,
and mother of Aunes Zimmerman, a native
of Delaware, asred :t" years 3 months and /
days.
• CTFriends and acquaintances are respeot-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at S:30 o'clock, from her lete
residence, 1.118 Natoma street, thence to St.
Charles Borromeo's Church for services at
fl o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
¦igjfe Gr.R.LWafsh
«& r 847 Geary SL
- rirtct'y otposiU Saratoga Hall .
Reduced Rates for Thirty Days
Painless Extraction ..... 25c
Fillings. . . . ....... . . ..50c
Qf owns ...... $2.00 to $5.00
Plate Work . . . $5.00 to $25.00
LOOK rCB THIS AD. EACH OTEEB DAT.
. RAILWAY TBAVKL.
Tourist Cars to Chicago
Rock Island tourist sleeping cars run through to
Chicago and to hundreds of places besides Chicago —
Omaha, Kansas City, Des Moines,
St. Louis, Memphis, etc. Connecting cars,
Chicago to Boston.
Most complete system cf tsnrlst cars acres< the , gj8&$P^*x~xx<r
continent. Ch^-re of routes— "Southern." Tia El Paso;
*• Scenic." via Salt Lakr City and Colorado Springs. H *flT3 « HFTlTrl
Six personally conducted excursions every week. fl j \jl A * » £. HI i J 1 ' I!
Folder griving- full information nai>d on request. HESviTfS^^^BS
Tickets at Southern Pacific tk»e! otScei. RvJ^J jr-1 ' 'A 1 1
F. W. Thompson. G. \V. A.. |wfi£&fi$s£2Hp5*j
623 Market St., San Francisco, Cal. ™r TUa
I GALIFORN1A g
I LIR1ITEQ TO CHICAGO |
H Leaves tSondaya and Thorsdays *
K at 0:30 a. m., through la S days, :
K with diner and all trappings. \
Other Santa Fe Trains:
V™ t Z' t for Stockton. Fresno, Bakersfield.
8: 00 p* m') Merced» Hanford aud Visalia.
4.00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
Ticket Office: • £41 Market St., and Ferry
Depot. S. F. Also 1112 Broadway, Oak-
land, Cal.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCJ anu NU8TH PACiFlS '
BAIL WAY COMPANY.
Tlbnron Perry, root of Market Street.
SAW FRANCISCO TO SAN EArAEl.
WEEK DAYS —7:ao. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
S:3O, .*>:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays —Extra trip
at 11:30 j>. rn.
Saturdays—Kxtra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS—8:00. 0:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30,
Ti:00. 6:20. 11:30 p. m.
SABT RAFAEL TO SAN FBANCXSCO.
"WEEK DAYS — O:CB. T:^5. 7:50. 9r20, 11:15
a..m.; 12:50. 3:40. 5:00. 5:20 p. m.
Saturday*" —Extra trip at 5:05 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. »:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40,
4:55. 5:05. 6:25 p. m.
Leave In Effect Arrive
San Francisco. Sept. 27, 1903. San Francisco.
Week I Sun- J Destlna- I Sun- | Week
Days. I days. [ tlon. [ days. 1 Days.
7:30 aj 8:0(7a 9:10 a( 8:40 a
! S):30a Ignacio. 10: in a 10:2O .1
3:30 pi 3:30 {¦ 0:05 pi 6:20 p
5:10 p! 5:00 p 7:35 pj
7:30ai | I 9:10aj 8:40 a
|8:C0a| Novato, 10:40 a]10:20 a
3:80 p »:30a| Petaluma. 6:05pltf:20p
5:10 p 3:30 p' and 7:35 p!
f 5:00 p Santa Rosa. J
~773O~aj J 10:40ajlO:20a
8:00 af Fulton. 7:35 pi 6:20 p
3:30 pi 3:30 pj ; |
Windsor. I
7:30 a 8:00 a HeaMsbur*. 10:40 a;10:20 a
Lytton. (
3:30 p 3:30 p Geyservllle. 7:33 p] 6:20 p
I Cloverdale. f
7:30a! 8:00a Holland 110:40 a',l0:20 a
»:30ai 3:30 p and CJciah. " | 7:33 pj 6:20 p
7:30 a| 8:00 a| Willlts. |7:35p!«:2Op
7:S0a| 8:00 al )10:4o a!10:20 a
3:30p| 3:30p| Guerne'ville. | 7:35 p| 6:2Op
7:30 a 8:00 al 4 Sonoma. ] 0:10 a: S:40 a
5:10 p 5:00 p| Glen Ellen. | «:05 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a! 8:Wa 110:40 a;iO:2O a
3:30 pi 3:30 p Sebastcpol. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Oreen Brae for Saa
Quentln; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altrurla an<l Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Sprtnjrs; at Gey-
servllle for Skaggs Springs; at CloverdaJe for
the Geysers, Booneville and Greenwood; at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs.
Kelseyville, Carlsbad Springs. Soda Hay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ckiah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel j
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, fpper Lake. Pomo, !
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. Llerly's.
Bucknell's Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville. Orr»
Hot Springs, Hallway House, Comptchs, Camp
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg. >
Westport. Csal; at Wlllits for Fort Bragg,
Westport. Sherwood, Cahto. Covello. L&yton-
vtne. Cummlngj, Bell's . Springs. Harris. Ol-
sen's. Dyer, Garbervllle. PepperwooU. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round-trin tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 630 Market street. Chronicle
building.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manacer. Gen. Pass. Agt,
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Leave TU Saa»li» tarj Arrive
San Francreco foot cf Mark* St San Francisco
Weelc Sun- iw*a ' Sun- Wec't
Days, days itfsSwwSSV. dxy% Days.
•1:46p »:00a )Sb£&g~2t3 I:25p2:5l)p
5:15r 1O:OOa TJfra£giSg8r • »:50p.VoO f
11:OOa 4:5Op 9:5Or
*Conatct Tith itay» fcr ** Kyw* tad ?illcr Ot»y
TICZRr (626 Markkt ST.,(N'orth Shore Railroad)
OinCQ ) and Sausauto.Fkkry. Foot Market SL
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains leav« un<i are due to arrive »t
sAN FUANCI4CO.
(Mala Linn. Yool ot Market Street )
7.00a BtnlclA, Sulsua. EUu!r»»nd S»cr»-
mento '. 7 25!"
7.00a V»c»Ti:ie, Winters. Romney 7 Bai*
7.30a Msrtinex. Sao iUinoo. Vsllejo,
Nap*. OUgtoga. Santa Hosa 6.25?
7 JO* Kllea, Llvermore, Tracy, Latarop.
Stockron 7 2»e
8. 00* r>av:a,Wooa:»n-:. Knletita LatidtDg.
MarjBville. Orjvllle 7.55f
8 00a Atlantic Kxpress— Ogdemnti t»»t. 10-25*
8 JO* PortC.wta. Martlaei. Aatioch. By-
ron.Tracy.Stocfcton.Sacrainenu*,
Keif man. Lo» ltnans. Mendota,
Armona. Lemoore. lUu'ord.
VlnKli*. PortrrvUle 4.25*
8.33a Ptort Co»ta. Marline*. Tracy. Lath-
'rop. Modesto. Merced. Fresno.
Gosben Junction. Lecaoore, Ilaa-
ford. Vl*«l!». CakersOeld 4 55*
8JGa Shasta Express— Darts. Williams
(for Bartlett Springs). Willows,
+Fr*to. Ked Bluff. Portland 7.5oi*
8 30* Xllei, San .lose. Llrrrmore. Stork-
ton.Ione.SftcmTnento.Plarerrtllo.
Maryivtlle. Chlco. Ued Bluff..... . 4.25e
8-30* Oatilale. Chinese, Jamestown, So-
nor*. Tnolumne and Angels 4 25p
9.00a Martinez and Way Stations 8 55s
1000a VtUejo 12.25*
10.00a"
Tort uorta, .-nartlaer. Byroa,
Tracy. Lathrop. Stockton.
Merced. Unymoml. Tresno. Haa-
ford. Vlsalla, Bakersfleld. Los
Anjceles {West-
bound arnTes ria Oja»t Line)... 'A 30?
1000a The Overland Limited — Ogdea.
Denver. Omaha. Chtcaipv B 25p
12.C0m Bayward. Sllea and Way Stations. 3-25*
fi-OOr Sacramento Hirer Steamer* tii.OOr
330r Benlcla, winter*. Sacramento.
¦Woodland; KniR&ts Landing,
>f.ary«Ttlle. Orovllle and way
itotloni mi k
3.30P Haywarrt.Ntles and Way Stations.. 7 55p
330p Port Costa, Martinez. Bjron.
Trscy, Lathrop. Modesto.
Merced. Fresno and Way Star
tions beyond Port Costa 1 2?§'
3 30r Slartlncz. Tracy. 8tockton. Lodi... 1025a
4 XOp Mart!nez.SaulUmon.VaUeJo,Napa,
Cai:»tOKa, Santa Kosa. 9 *5 4
4 00p JJiles. TrmcT. Stockton. Lodl 425p
4 30p Hayward. Nile*. Irrlagton. San » *3.55*
Joie. LlTermore { til. 55a
' CO? The Owl Limited— Newman. Lo*
Itanos. Mcudota. Fresno. Talare.
IlakereilcM. Los Angeles 8-55a
tCOr Port Coita. Tracy. Stoctton 12-25p
t5 30p Hayirard. Sites and San Joae 7.25a
F COi 1 llayward. Nlles and San Jose 10 25*
lAQr Oriental Mall — Ofrden. V carer.
Omaha, St. Louis. Chicago and
Kast, Port .Cotta, Benlcla. Sul-
•un. Elmira, Davis. Sacramento,
Itocklin. Aaburn. Colfax,
Truckee. Boca. Iieno. Wad»-
wor.h, Winnemucca. BatU*
Mi>untaln. Elko 4.23p
•^¦3 COp Vallejo, dally, except Sunday.... » 7 B5 _
7 OCp Vallejo. Sunday only f
7.00r san Pablo. Port Costa. Martinez
and Way Sutlons 1125*
f C5p Oregon A California Express— Sae- -
rnmento. M:iry«Tllle. Redding.
Portlund. Paget Sound and E»st. 8 55*
MOr llayward. Kllea and Saa Jote(Sua-
tlayonly) 11S5a
COAST LI N E (Marr»«» «anye).
(hiwt or Market Street.)
t 15* Sework. Centerrllle. 8aa Jos«,
Felton. Boolaer Creek. 9ai»U
Cruz and Way Stations S-55P
- 15>' Newark. Centerrtlle. San Jose,
New Almaden. Los Gato*,Ta!ton.
Homd-r Creek, Santa Cruz and
Principal Way Stations 10454
4 IEp Newark. Ssn Joie, Los Gatosand
way station* t8.5SA
'"} 30p Hunters Train. Satarday only, Saa
Jose and Way Statlcna. Sunday
only returns from Lo« Gatos t7 25p
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
i..m SAN IKANCISCO, *oot of Market St. (StlpH)
-t;:13 9:00 11:00 A.*. 1-00 300 G-15r.M.
rora OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — +6:00 ii:H0
18:05 10:08 a.m. 12 00 ifcCO 400 P.M.
COAST LINE <Bro«dtia B M).
tV~ ( inira >a<f 1'nwnaenU Strcef.) _^
610a San Jose and Way Station* • 30p
7 00* San Jose" and Way Stations K 35p
8 00a New Almaden (Tncs.. Frtd.. only), 4.IO*
8 00* CoMtLtne Limited— Stopsonty S»a
J-o*e, Gllroy (connection for Hol-
. lister). Pajaro. Castrorille, Sv
lrnas. San Ardo. Paso Roblea,
Siinta Mnrs»r:ra. S vn Lots Oblspo.
Principal stations tneace Surf
(connection for Lompoc) princi-
pal stations thence Santa Bar-
bara and Los Angele*. Connec-
tion at Castroviiin to and from
Monterey and Pacific Gro*e._.. 10-4S*
S.OOa Ean Jose. Tres Pino*. Capltoia.
SantaCraz.Partfle GrOTe.Saltna*.
Saa Luis Oblspo and Principal
Way Station* 4-10»
10-30a San .)o*e and Way Stations .. 120f
11 30a Santa Clara. £an Joae, Loa Gatot
and Way Sutlons 7.30*
\ZZr San Jose and Way Station* 8-iG*
A.C0r raclnc Grove ExpreM—SantaCiara
Srn Joor. Del Monte, Monterey.
Pacific Grove (connects at Santa
Clara for Santa Cruz. Boulder.
Creek and Narrow Gange Points)
st Gllroy for Holllater. Tres
Plnos, at CMtrovlUe for SaJtaa*. 12.1S*
iJOP Gllroy Way Passenger 51045*
t4 45p Saa J6*e. (ti* Santa Clara) Lo*
Gatos, and Principal Way Sta-
tions (except Sanday> -. *<t 2S*
55 30p SanJoseandPrlnclpalWayStatloo* 1300*
6. COp Sunset Limited. Eastlmnnd.— San
Lats Oblspo. Santa Barbara, Lo*
Angeles, Demlng. £1 Paio. New
Orleans. New York. (Westbound
arrives via San Joaqnln Valley >.. . »< 9 25 *
tS.15r 6an Mateo. Bcresford.Belmont.Saa
Carlos. Redwood. Fair Ofcfca.
Vlenio Park. Palo Alto t643A
f.ZOr Sar^Jose and Way Station* 6 35*
1 1 .3Qp Sooth San Francisco. Millbrae. Bar-
llng&me. San Mateo. Belmont,
Saa Carlos. Redwood, Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park, and Palo Alto 9 45p
«11.3Qp Ma^Oeld/Monntatn View. Snnny-
vale, Lawrence. Santa CUra and
San Jose - t9-4S*
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
? Sunday only.
t Stop* at »11 station* oa Sunday.
1 5anday exceptc4 a Sstunts.7 only.
• Via Coa*t Line. tc Via San Joaqatn Valley.
ftVOnly trains stopping at Valencia St. somhhoand
•re6:10*.B..tt:00*.M..ll:«A.x'..3::!0*.Jl.anrtfi'»ir ».
1 TO SAN RAFAEL
ROSS VALLEY,
r-^zr-x^ -. -r-| MILL VALLtY*
H3sm5ISi cazadero, etc.
ll^^^S^^^^I via Sausalito rerr y-
Suburban Service. Standard Gauge Electric—
8: F 5 ROM 2< MlfeL l "VALLET TO SAX FRAN-
CIPCO Daily — 5:45. «:S5. 7:52. 8:53. »:53.
11:20 a. m, 1235. 2:00. 3:13. 4:05. 5:05. «:05.
7-05. 0:00. 10.35 D. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
8:00 a. m. week, days — Caiadefo and way
stations. *
8:15 p. n». week daya (Saturdays excepted) —
Tomales and way stations.
3:15 p. m, Saturdays— Caxadero and way
stations.
Sundays only — 10 a. m.. Point R«yes and way
stations.
TICKET OKTICE — 628 Market st.
FERRT— Vnlon Depot, foot of Market st.
WEEK^r CALL
16 Pages. $1 per YearCHAIRMAN OF THE SPECIAL MEETING OF MERCHANTS THAT. DE
CIDED TO RAISE $40,000 TO ADVERTISE SAN FRANCISCO AT THE
ST. LOUIS FAIR AND ONE OF THE PRINCIPAL SPEAKERS.
Run Over and Killed.
Rose Curlew, 9 years old, died at her
parents* home yesterday morning from
injuries received the preceding day by
being run over • on Point Lobos avenue
by a Napa soda delivery wagon driven
by Ed H. Herrlnger. The driver was
taken to the O'Farrell-street police sta
tion and was charged with manslaughter.
All Seamen
know the comforts of having on hand a
supply of -Borden's Kagle Brand Con
densed Milk. If.can bo used so. agreeably
for cooking, in coffee, tea and chocolate.
Lay in a supply fo/bell kinds «f expedi
tions. Avoid unknown brands. •
Must Countersign Bonds.
The Supreme Court decided -yesterday
that A. L. House, Treasurer of Mill Val
ley, must countersign the bonds , f or to wn
improvements. . House, thought 'that the
bond issue was illegal. The sum involved
is $37,500. - . ¦ S -4 •
The old original! Indian Basket. Store,
638 Post at., cor:, Jones, selling out at cost.
Examine our stock lief ore - buying. •
MARSHAL SHINE HUNTS
FOR GEORGE W. RUMBLE
Out on Bonds the Accused .Remains
Invisible When Wanted by the
Court. .
United States Marshal Shine is on a
still hunt for George W. Rumble, the
mining operator, who was recently
Indicted by the Federal Grand Jury for
using the mails with intent to defraud.
When Rumble was held to answer before
the Grand Jury by United States Court
Commissioner Heacock he was placed un
der bonds of $3000 furnished by a surety
company to guarantee his appearance on
December 1. After Rumble was indicted
United States District Judge de Haven
issued a bench warrant for his arrest.
In. such cases it is customary for the
accused to appear for identification and
for the sitting of new bonds, but Rumble
has not appeared. His bond of $3000 will
hold him until forfeited by the court, on
December 1, should he fail to appear on
that day. . .-
LABOR UNIONS TO GIVE
"THANKSGIVING BALLS
Justice of the Peace Daniels gave judg
ment yesterday in favor of the West
Hartlepool Steam Navigation Company,
which was sued for $299 damages for al
leged breach t of contract by F." G. Wil
son, assignee of ' the Stewart • Menzies
Company. The decision Is an important
one, involving as it does a large number
of stevedoring contracts for vessels to ar
rive and belonging to the defendant cor
poration. The plaintiff's attorney was
Nathan Frank and the navigation com
pany was represented by W. S. Goodfel
low.
The testimony disclosed that the Stew
art Menzies Company- had- a contract with
the company to do the stevedoring on the
ship Clumberhall, with the proviso that
this arrangement should..be satisfactory
to the charterers, Balfour, Guthrle & Co.
The plaintiff expressed its willingness to
do the stevedoring, but Balfour. Guthrie
& Co. refused to let the Stewart Menzies
Company do the work. The latter al
leged that the reason for the refusal was
that Balfour, Guthrie & Co. is^ one of
four members of the San Francisco Steve ¦
doring Company, which is seeking to es
tablish a monopoly of the . business to
the exclusion of other .stevedoring com,
panics. • ' * . •
The defendant pointed to the proviso
that the contract 'for the stevedoring
should be satisfactory to the charterers,
who held that it was not because the
Stewart Menzies Company is a competitor
in a business 1 in which Balfour, Guthrie
& Co. desired to establish a supremacy.
The attorney for the plaintiff gave no
tice of an appeal. and expresses his in
tention to carry the case to the court of
last resort.
Judge Daniels gave judgment In favor
of N. R. Norton, a park policeman, sued
by F. J. Castlehun for $299 damages for
alleged false imprisonment. Castlehun
sued for $5000, but waived all but $299 se
as to bring the suit in the Justice's Court.
The testimony showed that Castjehun
was ordered «• - a" footpath in the park
by - Norton, who told him to make his
exit by way of Ninth avenue. "Castlebun
refused -to obey orders and dared the offi
cer to arrest him which he promptly did.
Judge Daniels held that Norton was act
ing under orders from the Park Commis
sioners, who derive their powers from the
charter. . . .*-
MEMBERS OF QUARTET"
SING WELL AT RECITAL
The LadiesV Vocal Club Entertains
Friends in - Century-
Hall.
.The -member/ of the Arcadian Ladies'
¦ Quartet < gave a song recital last evening
in Century Hall on\Sutter street. The
evening was enjoyed by the many people
that attended the recital, as each of the
four ladles that constitute the quartet
has a beautifully trained voice.
Mrs. Arthur C. -Lewis, the accompanist
of the evening, played several difficult
solos and was roundly applauded, for her
touch and technique are admirable.
The programme was as follows:
Quartet. "I Know a Maiden Pair to See"..
•;"• V.V * V "„" V.";;.;" • •¦CJ- • • -Arthur Fickenscher
"Air d'laabelle" ("Le l>re aux Clerea").Herold
Mrs. A. Reinhold Denke. "1""°
Duet. "Tuscan Folk , Songs" Caracciolo
' Miss Craig. Miss Herman. .
"Le Parlate d'Amor" ("Faust") Gounod
¦ Miss Olfira F. Herman. ••.•• oouno<1
*?? a^? e V.' " Serenade " • • '. . Schubert
U Ete * * MUa-MabeilV E.- Crki^ Chamlnad «
-'. - ; Mre. Denke. Miis Craig" " '. \ Brahma
"Aufcnthalt" ....."............;:. Schubert
t £ Miss Lydla Sterling ' SChUbert
Trio. "Old Scotch"
Due*?. 1 * "Alda"'. ."'!?- Herman - Miss" Sterling. s " "
'-' Mrs. De'n'keV Miss stVriine""'" VerdI
Quartet. "Lost Chord"., .... ? e . Arthur^ Sullivan
Some new and' strikingly novel things
in the picture line, and • subjects never
SiWt'lSSfc
Carpenters and Joiners Claim the
Largest Union Membership in
United States.
The members of the Retail Clerks' As
sociation of this city are perfecting final
arrangements for a grand Thanksgiving
ball on November 26 at Eintracbt Hall.
The proceeds of this entertainment are to
be applied for the fitting up of a perma
nent headquarters for the association.
The following are the names of the
chairmen, appointed for the carrying out
of the entertainment: .;• .»¦?;
«rJn f H«"«; \ \ ¦ vv *» en »te'n of Ixacal No. 432;
printing H. F Flelschman of Local No. 4X0;
music Miss Ida Rhoten of Local No. 616;
fiWw- 5 t H - Smlth of Lw » I N °- W8: floor.
S. Shabln bf Local No. 733; arrangements and
finance. Charles B. Wllden of Local No. 472.
and T. XV. Rankln of Local No. 410.
It is with considerable prldo that the
Brotherhood of Carpenters and Joiners
now boast of having one ot the strongest
labor organizations in the United States,
save, probably the mine workers. In 1SS1
the total membership of the Carpenters
and Joiners was 2042. whereas to-day it
numbers 164.000. During the last twenty
two years Jl.499.347 has been paid out for
disabilities and strikes.
International Association of Machinists
No. 6S will entertain its numerous friends
to-morrow night in Native Sons' Hall,
where a ball will be given. The arrange
ments, are under the control of H. Bart
ley. F. Carney, F. Dunlap. H. Dnnkelberg,
A. La point, E. Nelson and Philip May.
On the same' evening the Gas Workers'
Union will "enjoy a smoker Jn Pioneer
Hall. James Russell. W. Fennessey. D.
GjDrdan, David Withers and Bernard Cerf
will act as ~a committee.
" November "21 Is mentioned 'as the night
upon which the Electrical Workers' Union
will give- its annual ball in the Mechanics'
Pavilion.; The committee appointed for
this occasion consists of H. Kammerer,
-W. .J.. Flsk, William Ludolph, F. Smith.
R. Uglow.-.'F. Beem. F. Richmond and
James Allender.' *
" Keeping In touch with these entertain
ments the Furniture and Piano Drivers'
and Heloers* Union will dance in Union
Square Hall on Thanksgiving night. To
make the affair a success the following
well-known. members are on the commit
tee: George - Whiting. Henry Smith.
George -Tyson, J. A - Smith. H. Gorman.
A. Whitihs, W.-Marden and W. BJcCord.
General Manager Kruttschnitt, Manager
Agler, Assistant General Passenger Agent
Hosburgh an<i several other officials of
the Southern Pacific Company, represent
ing the operating, traffic and motive pow
tr departments of that road, returned
yesterday from Salt Lake, where with
Fimllar officials of the Union Pacific and
the other lines of the Harriman syndicate
they have been holding- a conference rel
ative to proposed changes in the present
time schedule of trains. The heads of the
road, with a view of further retrench
. nu-nt, are planning to curtail the expense
of operating, and to that end it is pur
po«?d to lessen the number of cars that
compose the regular ovcrlands and to cut
out many of the through tourist cars. The
latter change, however, will not be made
tintil after the colonist traffic has ceased.
Traffic Manager Stubbs and Passenger
Traffic Manager McCormlck were present
at the meeting, but have returned to Chi
cago.
BAILEOAD OFFICIALS
BACK FROM SALT LAKE
The plan of the policemen is to require
each citizen who prefers charges against
any of 'the 1 . force' to put up..a ibond of at
least 5200. This bond will not interfere
with the administration of justice in any
manner, but will discourage the filing of
char,ge»wlthout strong proof. Should the
chargesAe proven, the bondsmen will be
released, but should the accuser fall to
substantiate his complaint, he. must pay
the expenses of the ca- out of his bond.
The plan meets with -universal approval
and will not refer to charges brought by
superior officers in matters of neglect of
duty. Just what course will .be followed
has not yet been decided upon, but each
officer will subscribe Jl to the proposed
fund.
The members of the San Francisco police
propose to avoid the necessity of having"
to appear before the Police Commission
ers on malicious and groundless charges
brought by citizens. A fund is to be
created for, the purpose .of defraying the
cost of the employment of two first-class
attorneys whose duty it shall be to frame
and urge the passage of an ordinance or
police regulation that will fit the case.
On many occasions during the last two
years false charges of various sorts hare
been preferred against patrolmen and the
accused have been put to the necessity
of employing, counsel a.nd of going to
much expense, to make a defense. When
the mutters have been brought fo a hear
ing, the charges have been iound to be
faulty and in many cases inspired by mal
ice, anU" the | defendants have been ac
quitted.' '
Judge Daniels Decides
a Knotty Point on
Stevedoring.
Bluecoats Wish to
Prevent Malicious
• Charges.
The next- great question* that confronts the
people of Ban Francisco relates -to the com
mercial relations of the city by the sea. - There
Is an impression, and it » is . gaining • ground
everywhere, that the construction of the Xicar
aguan canal will ; leave this city out; . that it
will deprive this city of its • present advanta
geous position on the commercial map .of the
world. San Francisco owes it to itself - to' see
that proper representation of Its interests -be
made. I have seen a map prepared by Cap
tain Sigsbee of battleship Maine fame which
shows that San Francisco is on the route and
the distance 1h shortest between the city' and
Yokohama. Every mile you sail north of San
Francisco makes the. distance' greater, and. this
must be shown to the. world in order to pro
tect San Francisco against the. false assump
tion that «he ' is ¦ to " be ' the loser by 'the con
struction . of the i«tbrnlan canal. Los Angeles
is farther east than this city anil the distance
between that city and New York, is 'shorter,
but the kbsencc of .a .deep, sea harbor . makes
that advantage 1 useless. ~ which ' is easily- un
derstood by people interested in. such, things.
San Francisco can show. Its progress at. the
fair. There are -many devices by which it can
ehow its buildings and, streets. The Important
question Is the plan of meeting. the competition
of Loa Angeles and | Seattle . and , that . which
they will offer in the way of taking advantage
cf the great advertising opportunity which
will not come again ' in ¦- many years. ¦; It .will
be another ' twenty-flve - years : before' another
AN IMPORTANT QUESTION.
Chairman Symmes called upon W. • V.
Mills to give his views on the matter and
the latter delivered an interesting talk.
He eald In part:
The rivalry that exl*U among the '.Pacific
Coast cities Is growing keener every day. ¦ Se
attle is your chief rival and her citizens are
trying to prove her commercial importance and
that their city is the .ultimate point of dis
tribution by ocean and land. . Lo« Angeles Is
aUo going to be a formidable rival. They
propose to eend on moving pictures of the fiesta
and of President Itoo»evelt from there. I Tour
chairmen has indicated to some extent* the
necessity of San Francisco making 1 a showing.
I suggested at a . previous meeting that we
send on a raised map of the harbor, of 'San
Francisco and the country' arOund ; it, to show
Us commercial importance.- A -raised map 8x12
feet, made of plaster of parts, trill answer.
Every street .In -the city could be indicated.
That map will have a- permanent value and
could be put In the ' rotunda' of the City -Hall
and could be sent to exhibitions when neces
sary. . ' • * ¦ t ¦¦¦'¦¦¦
There iw-ins to be a strong impression among
the merchants that Ran? Francisco- should not
allow itself to be neg'ectrd at the exposition.
Various .counjie.s.. pu.tside ' of this city have
taken action long ago. A number of them
have levied .special tares in. order that they
may be. properly represented. Loa Angeles has
appropriated $30, C00 and other counties have
appropriated large eums in order that their
agricultural and industrial products- may be
exhibited. We' have '-some things that "are of
equal Importance to' us. . We have a great
harbor and great facilities for handling busi
ness from a commercial point of view. Those
features ought not to be neglected and if the
northern and southern cities are to ' make
themselves known, it certainly seeme neces
sary that we shojJld *do so. If for no other
reason than that we . should ' not be behind
them. ¦ *
Moet of you know the purposes' for which
this meeting is called. It has been generally
considered by tho^e who give any thought to
the matter that San Francisco should have
some positive representation at the" St. Louis
World's Fair. At a meeting of the presidents
of the various commercial organizations. • held
some days ago. fifty gentlemen were appoint
ed a committee to look into the matter. The
purifies or 'this meeting, are to consider the
desirability and Importance .of providing -a
proper lepresentation of the city of San Frfin^
cisco at the St. Louis Exposition and to-.take
such stepB as you may deem wise In connec
tion therewith.
Frank J. Symmes, president; of the Mer
chants' Association, was elected chairman
and Louis M. King/ secretary of the
Merchants' Association, secretary. Chair
man Symmes said: . *
The meeting of representatives of the
various commercial organizations, held In
the rooms of the Chamber of. Commerce
yesterday, was an enthusiastic one. Such
leading ! citizens as ex-Mayor Pond,
Charles S. Laumelster', Frank J. Symmes,
W. H. Mills. H. U. Brandenstein, A. Sbar
boro, Joseph. Hyman, J. .P. Currier and
others were at the meeting-- dnd took an
active part in the discussion. -
There was not a dissenting voice in the
entire gathering. Every merchant and
banker present saw the importance of the
scheme and they were unanimous In their
willingness to help the cause.
SYJOIES MADE CHAIBMAN.
SAN FRANCISCO will raise $40,000
in order that this city and county
may be fittingly represented at tHe
World's Fair in St. Louis. The
money will be raised by subscrip
tion. The merchants are alive to the
importance of raising this money, as
they see the absolute necessity of adver
tising Greater San Francisco to the
world. The action of the citizens of
Seattle and Los Angeles in subscribing
large sums for exhibition purposes has
spurred the business mtn of this com
munity and they are already actively en
gaged In putting forward the plan that
will bring the best results to the city.
: The 'question arose how. the money
should be- raised and Mr. Friedlander
moved that a committee of five, composed
of E. B. Pond, Irving F. Moulton, Joseph
Sloss, 1J. 17. Brandenstein and Charles S.
Laumelster, bet appointed and they be
empowered to suggest the ways and
means for raising the money. The com
mittee was given full power to act' and the
meeting adjourned. The committee Is
composed of. the. following named ' mem
bers: . •._ . • - J; , ¦¦ \\ ¦ .; , ...
Board of Trade — A; . A." «• Waticins. A. G.
Towns, Julian Sonntag, William Cluft. Andrew
Carrigan. T. J, farsons." P. C.. Rossi, C. R.
Havens.- < If aac Upham, 'Joseph Sloss, George
D. Cooper. Llppman Sachs. ¦ ¦ ..:
• Merchants'.' Association — Frank: J.- Symmes,
F. H Wheelan. A. -H. Va!l, A.' 8. Baldwin.
W. H. Mills. Julius Kahn. William Pearson,
H. TJ. . Brandenstein. Joseph Hyman, Herbert
E. Law.' Jamen D. J Phclan. ...
i Merchants/ 5 Exchange — William Babcock,
Captain A. H. Pay? on. J. D. Grant. P. N.
Lillimthal, W. H, Talbot. E. W. Hopkins.
Percy T. Morgan. %D. Drysdale, Rudolph Her
old Jr.. E. B. Pond, Louis Glass.
•Cnanjber of Commerce — William E. Mlghell,
Wakefleld Baker. W. U. Wheeler* R. P. Jen
nings C. S. Laumelster. Irving F. Moulton.
James Rolpli Jr.. C. H. Bentley. J. H. Speck,
¦ H D. , Morton. John Partridge.
¦Manufacturers' and Producers' Association —
A. Sbarboro Charles R. Allen. W. F. Bowers,
W, J. Casey. Charles H. Crocker, J. P. Cur
rier. Edward Everett. H. D. Loveland. C. A.
Malm, A. C. Rulofson. . .
COMMITTEE APPOINTED.
f Mr. Jennings wanted to know if the city
•and county might not subscribe the sum
or a. portion of it , out of the emergency
fund, but Supervisor Brandenstein said
the charter did not give the Supervisors
the. power.
Commissioner Filcher was present and
gave his views. He said he could not
tell then how much space would be allot
ted the various counties, but he might
know to-day: He suggested a . moving
picture of the harbor of Sari Francisco,
showing the hundreds of deep water ships
at the wharves and In the stream. He
said the State had been allowed 24,000
square feet In the Agricultural building
and space in other buildings. Mr. Filcher
paid he stood ready to give all the space
San Francisco would need to make a cred
itable showing.
After Mr. FUcher had given the commit
tee his. ideas in the matter. T. Carey
Friedlander made a motion that it be the
sense of the meeting that an exhibit be
made/ The motion was adopted and the
matter of raising money was taken up.
Mr. Pond said that at a previous meeting
It was decided that $10,000 could be raised,
but he was of the opinion that twice that
sum could be raised and if the committee
Jjad too much it could be returned to the
Mr. Sbarboro was In favor
"of securing £50.000. Mr. Mills made a mo
tion to that effect and after some discus
sion Mj\ Sbarboro thought $40,000 would
be necessary. His amendment was ac
cepted and the committee agreed to raise
that large sum to place an adequate ex
hibit at the exDdsltion..
San Francisco owes it to herself to see that
it gets its share of the visitors who are com
ing from all parts of the globe. The common
impression is that only curiosity seekers at
tend an exposition. All the great writers, men
seeking material for writers, economists, geog
raphists and thinkers of the world are there,
making an intelligent Inquiry, and the etory
that is told by the great exhibit itself is the
story that is believed. San Francisco must
no: have a small exhibit. If it is going to
have a space 10x12 we don't want to do any
thing. San Francisco must have as much
space as the counties that have, large horti
cultural exhibits, because San Francisco pays
its percentage of the tax.
WANTS A BIG EXHIBIT.
¦world's fair will be held as far west as Si
Louis.
POLICEMEN WILL
SEEK PROTECTION
RULES ON TERMS
OF A CONTRACT
.James O'Neil, an ex-convict, was ' ar
rested last night by the police and his
name entered on the detinue book at the
City Prison. The arrest was made at Oc>
tavia and Clay streets by four officers
who recognized O'Neil as an ex-convict
and figured that he could not be in that
neighborhood- with any good intentions.
The prisoner was taken to the Hall of
Justice and the Detective Bureau is of
the opinion that he is the porch .climber
who has been operating successfully In
the Western Addition. The Chief of De
tectives examined him at length, but was
unable to force a confession of guilt from
him. Nothing' of an incriminating nature
was found In his possession and he will
be held pending an investigation, although
it is admitted that there is absolutely no
evidence to connect him with the eight
porch climbing jobs reported to the po
lice. A strenuous endeavor will be made
by the entire detective force to secure
the evidence necessary to Insure a con
viction. O'Neil is a eon of an e*-police
man and has served two terms for bur
glary and one for another felony.
James . O'Neil, an Ex-Convict, Cap
tured by Four Officers in West
— ern Addition.
Thf> officers learned that Clifford, Cyrus
Goodyear and Emil Holderbegger. who
are employed by the Wine Association,
after cuittir.K work on Friday afternoon
went to Gnodyear's -room- at 603 Third
stieft. where they. had several drinks of
whisky. About 6 o'clock Holderbegger
and Clifford left Goodyear' p room to go
home. They had to descend twenty-seven
stair's and when Clifford reached the sixth
stair he stumbled and. fell down ten steps,
landing with his head against the wall.
lie picked himself w and again, fell,
rolling to the bottom. He was uncon
scious for about two minutes and blood
was pouring from his nose. After that
he recovered and he and Holderbegger
walked two blocks, but Clifford was so
demonstrative that Holderbegger left him.
Clifford reached his home and his wife
alleges that he immediately became un
conscious, after telling her that he had
been sandbagged.
After a thorough investigation Detec
tives Freel and Bunner have come to the
conclusion that John Clifford, a cellar
man employed by the California Wine
Association on Second and Bryant streets,
was accidentally killed. It was reported
that be was sandbagged on last Friday
evening while on his way to his home at
53 Lenstoa street.
Find After Inquiry. That He Fell
Doirastairs in a Lodging-
House.
POLICE SAY CLIFFORD'S
DEATH WAS ACCIDENTAL
Lane is supposed to be possessed of a
l:ir?e fortune, which, rumor has it, he
kf-ops In his house. The burglar had
evidently heard of the tales of hidden
riches and effected an entrance to the
house of the hermit when the latter was
supposed to be away. Lane, however,
retired unusually early that night and
thwarted the plans of the daring porch
climber.
David Lane, the old retired sea cap
tain who attained a great deal of un
pleasant notoriety a few years ago, had
a thrilling experience with a burglar
last Wednesday night. The old captain,
who is past the tour-score mark, fought
ihe housebreaker till he fell exhausted,
l.ut !i:_Tjly managed to scare him from
i he premises.
Lane Is a recluse and lives the life of
;i hermit in an ancient, weather-beaten
house at the corner of Dupont and Chest
nut streets. According to his own story,
he had retired early Wednesday evening,
und shortly after 7 o'clock was awakened
by some one walking about his room. :
The aged mariner jumped out of bed
in a twinkling and found himself face to
facs with a big, burly burglar. . The lat
trr immediately made a rush at his
feeble oponent. at the same time
threatening to beat him to death if he
uttered a word. •
Lane, however, was game and grap
pled with his husky antagonist and
fought till he fell to the floor from utter
exhaustion. The burglar then took to
his heels and made a hasty exit, while
the old man lay helpless on the floor.
Lane says the burglar succeeded in
Cutting away with a purse containing be
twtcn J3 50 and |4. He secured this be
fore the old captain awoke. The ancient
Foarrian adds that the burglar, was one
of the porch climbing fraternity and
that he had gained entrance to the house
bjr climbing through a side window from
the porch.
POLICE THINK THEY HAVE
PORCH CLIMBER IN CUSTODY
¦ Among the applicants for Justice of the
Peace to succeed Percy Long, elected City
Attorney, are Charles A. Low, Isadore
Golden, John Koch, who was defeated at
last year's election . for tne office;^ San
iord Feigenbaum and H. L. Joachlmsen,
a former Justice of the Peace.
The friends of Oscar Hocks,' who was
beaten sixty-four votes by Robert Lough
ery, the eighteenth Supervisor elected,
claim to have made discoveries that will
entitle their man to the seat in the board.
In the sheet of lotal returns of the Sev
enth precinct of the Thirty-first district.
Hocks la not credited with any votes, and
it is charged that the election officers ne
glected to enter Hocks' total vote as taken
from the tally sheets. As Braunhart
polled forty-eight votes, in this precinct
and John Barnett twenty-four, it is
calculated that Hocks received at least
thirty. votes, which will reduce Loughery'a
lead to thirty-four votes. Charles Hol
comb. claims, to have knowledge of other
irregularities that will overcome Lough
ery's small lead. This, however, will riot
be determined until the official count is
completed. The Registrar cannot go be
hind the returns; as they were made by
the election officers. It. is a fact that the
vote for Loughery and Hocks shows but a
small difference.
,, It is common gossip at the City Hall
that Mayor Schmltz will reappolnt Law
rence F. Walsh a member of the Board
of Education to succeed himself, his term
expiring January 8 next. Thomas Rea
gan is almost sure to be reappolnted on the
the ' Police Commission. " Thomas Boyle,
Police Commission. Thomas Boyle, present
Election Commissioner, has the inside
track for Commissioner of Public Works
to succeed Marston . Manson, but
there is a charter provision- that an Elec
tion Commissioner cannot- hold another
office until one year after his retirement
from the Election Commission, but a way
may be found out of this difficulty.
G. B. Benham, president of the Labor
Council, in all probability will be ap
pointed as ' one of the other commission
ers. Morris Levy, who • . was active in
Schmitz's -fight, will no doubt be rewarded
with some good billet.
Lawrence F. Walsh Will
\ Remain on Board- of
Education.- ~
Falls From Exhaustion and
Burglar Escapes With
Small Sum.
Aged Captain Lane Tells
Thrilling Tale of
Combat
Gossip Rife Regarding
;Schmitz's Prospective j
Appointments.
MARINER FIGHTS
PORCH CLIMBER
Merchants- Decide That $40,000 Is Necessary to
Fittingly Represent This City's Interests at
the Big Exposition in St. Louis Next Year
MAY BE NAMED
ON COMMISSIONS
WILL RAISE A LARGE SUM
FOR EXHIBITION PURPOSES
THE SAN FBANCI6CO , CALL, ;FBIDA Y, NOVEMBER fi, 1903.
14
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ONLY A SUGGESTION.
But It Has Proven of Interest and
Value to Thousands.
Common sense Trouid suggest that if
o:ie wishes to become fleshy and plump
It can only result from the food we eat
and direst and that food should be al-
buminous or flesh forming food, like
essa, beefsteak, and cereals; In other
v.-orda the kinds of food that make flesh
nre tte foods which form the- greater
jjart of our dally bills of fare. '
But the trouble is that while we eat
<nou£h and generally too much, the
stomach, from abuse and overwork, does
not properly digest and assimilate It.
which Is the reason so many people re-
main thin and under weight; the digest-
ive organs do not completely digest the
:cod forming beefsteak and eggs and
-imilar wholesome food.
There are thousands- of such who are
ifstlly confirmed dyspeptics, although
•!iey may have no particular pain or In-
convenience from their stomachs.
!f such persons would lay their preju-
OUxs aside and make a regular practice
«>f taking, after each meal, one or two
«>f Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets the food
would be quickly and thoroughly dlgest-
ed. because these tablets contain the
natural peptones and diastase which
every weak stomach lacks, and by sup-
jilying this want the stomach is soon
enabled to reach its natuaoi tone and
vipor.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets digest
every form of flesh forming food.' meat,
« Kgs. bread aj*l potatoes, and this is the
i viison they • eo quickly build up
t-t lengthen and invigorate thin, dyspep-
tic men. women and children.
Invalids and children, even the most
•lelicate, use them with .marked benefit
;s they contain no strong, Irritating
i'.ru?s, no cathartic nor any harmful ln-
¦ Krodient.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets is the most
Fuecessful and most widely known of
c.ny remedy for stomach .troubles be-
cause it is the most reasonable and sci-
entific of modern medicines. •
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are sold
by every druggist in the United States
and Canada as well as In Great Britain,
at 60 cents for complete treatment.
Nothing further is required to cure
any stomach trouble or to make thin,
nervous dyspeptic people, strong, plump j
• «"J well. 1
: ~ ADVEBTISEMEirrS.
jtiF It is always an (
J^ easy process to buy your
JjF Suit or Overcoat at Brown's,
M The assortment is complete and
m exclusive; the materials are of the lk
S finest quality and smartest colorings «
S and the tailoring is elegant. Then, g
I Brown's prices are based on the value i
i| of the goods, whether it is a fine silk- M
«l lined • Overcoat or a pair of work- B
% man's pants. High or low, your g
money's worth. Jm
l|k • oeo You Cara't Do Better... j£r
A VISIT WILL CON' Jffijp
VINCE YOU.
mS I 111 II II 06 UUi BELOW MONTGOMERY
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Friday, Saturday and Saturday Night.
Each item means economy of rarest sort.
\ BEST WALNUTS. 20c pound. 15c.
TOMATOES, fancy red. ripe. 4 cans 28c
Solid, big cans. New pack. Friday.
BEST SEEDED RAISINS. 3-lb pkfts.. 10c.
BEST COFFEE. Java and Mocha. Ib 25c
Best strength, best aroma, best coffee. ' TJsu-
\ ally 35c.
EASTERN PICNIC HAMS, pound. »ijc.
CAROLINA RICE, fancy head. 4 lbs 28c
Large, white grain. Usually 10c lb.
8 .-LARGE CANS "PINEAPPLES. 2Sc.
TABLE FRUITS, large 3 lb cans 10c
Peaches. Pears. Apricots — New Good*.
Usually 15c.
FAVORITE MUSH. 3 pkgs. 25c.
BUTTER. Melrose Creamery, sq. 42#C
Pure, rich creamery butter. Large squares.
Usually 50c.
ELGIN BUTTER. ' full weight, pound. 27Vjc.
CALIFORNIA tCSS. guaranteed, doz.
3;"c
Large white. Every on« good.
BEST EASTERN EGGS. dozen7~30c!
WHISKEY, one dollar bottle . . 69c
Good old «K>ur mash bourbon. Two limit.
NEW CLACK FIGS. 4 lbs 25c.
DOOR MATS, heavy brush 4Cc
, Good size and good quality.
SATURDAY NIGHT ONLY.
SNIDER'S CATSUP. 25c bottles 17'1«»
fiHIRARDELLIS COCOA. cans .1!)f
MIXED TEA. excellent. «5Oc pound 4O«»
CORNED BEEF. 2-pounrt cans lOm
GRAPE BRANDY $1.00 half gallon »."«
1001 FILLMORE ST. 119 TAYLOR ST.
Park 183 Phone Korerd 1021.
J^ Have
g You Read
\jfnotbuyit/*^ -
>^TO-DAY^T
" SOLD tVEAYWHERE. I
• HILBERT MERCANTILE CO.. 0
Facl&c Cr<a»t A rents.
[IMTffiSffii
ESESmMBRRANIH) ,
I ADVERTISEMENTS.
We don't
want shoes
we
want
money
Our creditors must have it—
and have it quick.
Take advantage of this forced
sale and supply your shoe
wants while you have this
great opportunity. . ;:
AT THE
Creditors'
Kast^s
Shoes
104-110 GEARY STREET.
- A. JOSEPH,^ Receiver.