VIEW OF AND SCENE IN THE CITY OF PANAMA, COLOMBIAN WARSHIP WHICH COMMENCED A BOM
BARDMENT, THE PRESIDENT AND THE WASHINGTON REPKESENTATTVE OP COLOMBIA AND AX
AMERICAN NAVAL OFFICER WHO WILL PROCEED TO THE ISTHMUS.
FAN JOSE. Nov. 4-Captain C. R. How
land, aid to General M».c Arthur, and
lieutenants Howard and Stewart. U.S.A..
are here for the purpose of Inspecting
sltts for a United States army rifle range.
They will visit Los Gatos and Congress
Hall to-morrow and then proceed to Sar
grent'a Station. „ J
Inspecting Sites for Rifle Range.
LONG BEACH, Nov. 4.— M. L. Le Fetra
was struck and killed by an electric car
to-day. La Fetra had alighted from a
northbound car about two miles outside
the city and had started across the track
behind the car he had just got off when
another car, southbound, struck him. Le
Fetra was prominently identified with
the early history of Long Beach and had
large property Interests at Glendora,
Killed by an Electric Car.
NEWPORT. R. I., Nov. 4.-The funeral
of Lieutenant Albert M. Beecher, U. S.
N.. ordnance officer of the United States
battleship Maine, who was killed by a
fall on board the ship yesterday, was held
on the battleship this afternoon. The cof
fin was covered by the stars and stripes
and floral tributes from the officers and
crew. Many naval officers were present
at the services.
Funeral on a Battleship.
THE HAGUE, Nov. 4.— After the Inter
val of a month the Venezuelan arbitra
tion was resumed here to-day. By general
consent the counter case of Venezuela,
which United States Minister Bowen,
through an over-eight, failed to deposit
In time, was admitted and arguments
commenced. The Belgian agent, M.
Woeste, contested the right of the block
ading powers to demand preferential
treatment In the case of their claims
against Venezuela.
Venezuelan Arbitration Resumed.
The War Minister Is also said to have
asked for the views of his colleagues on
the subject, but they were unable to come
to an agreement. ¦
PARIS. Nov. 4.— The Presse to-day says
that War Minister Andre, as a result of
the Inquiry which he has made into the
Dreyfuss affair, has informed the Cab
inet that In his opinion the sentence of
the Rennes court-martial should be re
vised.
"War Minister Andre Thinks Sentence
of Rennes Court-Martial Should
Be Revised.
DREYFUS AFFAIR MAY
BE OPENED AGAIN
HELENA, Mont.. Nov. 4.— The tran
eeript of the proceedings In the case of
John MaeGinntes vs. the Boston and Mon
tana and the Silver Mining companies and
ethers was filed in the Supreme Court to
day. This is the case In which Judge
Clanry cf Butte granted an Injunction re
straining the Amalgamated Copper Com
pany from voting the stock of the Boston
and Montana Company, which resulted
!n the closing of all Amalgamated proper
ties In the State.
I-ste this afternoon the Supreme Court
granted the motion of Attorney L- O.
Evans to advance the ca&e of John Mac-
Ginniss against the Boston and Montana
Company on the docket and the hearing
vra* set for November Cl.
AMALGAMATED COPPER CASE
IN THE SUPREME COURT
MANILA, Nov. 5.— Yesterday a party
of ladrones captured the Teniente (munic
ipal officer) ofBuena Vista, near Mala
bon, Cavlte. They cut the tendons of his
legs and left him on the roadway. This
outrage was an act of vengeance because
the Teniente had given information to
the authorities regarding the movements
of the ladrones.
Cut Tendons of His Legs Because He
Informed on Robbers' Move
ments.
LADRONES MUTILATE CIVIL
OFFICIAL AT CAVITE
BUDAPEST, Hungary. Nov. 4.— Count
Steven TIsza's first appearance la the ca
pacity of Premier before the lower house
of the Hungarian Diet to-day showed
that the opposition Is determined to
maintain its obstructive tactics. The new
Ministers waited two hours while opposi
tion members made speeches on the sub
ject of Count Apponyi's resignation of the
presidency of the House. Finally Count
Tisza at the head of the Cabinet entered
the House and demanded that the Em
peror's letter appointing him Premier
should be read so that he could proceed
with business. This was the signal for
turbulent scenes. Amid the uproar the
clerk of the House read the Emperor's
letter, but he was quite inaudible. Count
Tisza attempted to address the House,
but in the general tumult he could not be
heard, and the sitting was suspended.
HUNGARIAN DIET DECLINES
TO RECEIVE NEW PREMIER
Members Refuse to Hear Emperor's
Letter of Appoi.itm.ent and Sit
• ting Is Suspended.
Governor Hunt has been notified by
Federal Marshal Wilson and District At
torney Pettingill, who Investigated the
charge that a San Domingan revolution
was being hatched in Porto Rico, that
they found no arms and saw no cause
for Interference. General Kuhnhadt
eailed to-day on a fast schooner bound
for San Domingo.
Advices were received here to-day indi
cating that Haytl is assisting the San Do
mir.gan rebels. Governor Hunt has noti
fied Secretary of State Hay of the situ
ation.
General Kuhnhadt of Managuez, who
c'alms to be the Deputy Governor of
Puerto Plata, has wired Governor Hunt
eaying he took this course because the
rebels now hold the cables at San Do-
JDir.go.
PAN JUAN. P. R., Nov. 4. — General
Jirninez sailed to-day with twenty-seven
men. bound for Cape Haytien, on the
Trench steamer St. Simon.
2Z o Evidence, That the Revolution
"Was Hatched in Porto
Rico.
HAYTI LENDING AID TO
SAN DOMINGAN REBELS
Washington Government Does Mot Conceal Its Belief
That Revolution Will Be Successful.
the Colombian troops and to afford a safe
shelter for all the foreign residents.
In view of the ample measures taken
by the United States it .is not expected
that any foreign power will complicate
the situation further by dispatching war
ships to the Isthmian waters.
As soon as the Pacific squadron, consist
ing of the Marblehead, Wyoming and
Concord, now at Acapulco, finishes coal
ing it will proceed to Panama to join the
Boston, now bound for that port from
San Juan del Sur. »
To-night Acting Secretary Darling re
reived a dispatch from the captain of the
cruiser Atlanta at Kingston, Jamaica,
saying that he would sail with his vessel
to-morrow morning at 9 o'clock for Colon.
The Atlanta has been taking on a supply
o> coal at Kingston.
i
y TT Q ASHINGTON, Nov. 4.— The
Bag State Department to-day re
m Ml J celved a prompt request from
the representatives of the
revolutionary Government at
Panama that the United States recognize
the new State of Panama, but pending
official advices from the United States
Consular officer that a new Government
has been established and Is a de facto
government, the State Department de
clined to commit itself. However, atten
tion was called to the fact that It was the
invariable policy of the United States to
deal with the de facto Government in any
country. This statement is taken as fa
vorable to recognition should the new
Panama Government have an active ex
istence.
Early this mornlnsr news was received
of the shelling of Panama by the Colom
bian gunboat Bogota, and • Instructions
were at once cabled to the United States
Vice Consul there to protest against this
bombardment, while the commander of
the cruiser Boston was directed to pre
vent the Bogota resuming firing. It early
became apparent that this Government In
tended to take active steps to protect life
and property on the isthmus and to take
an advanced position. Instructions were
cabled to* commanders of warships on the
way to the isthmus, or already there, to
resort to any necessary measures to pre
vent bloodshed.
NAVAL ORDERS INTERCEPTED.
The situation at the two ends of the
railway, Panama and Colon, Is anoma
lous, and late to-night it developed that
the Colon situation was the result of
plans of the Navy Department miscarry
ing.
The dispatches to the Nashville, which
should have reached her immediately
upon her arrival at Colon on November
2. were intercepted and were not received
by Commander Hubbard until after trie
Colombian gunboat Carthagena arrived
at Colon with 600 . Colombian troops
aboard, when It was too late to prevent
her entrance to the harbor. The execu
tion of the original scheme would have
eliminated the Carthagena from the sit
uation at Colon and the present unfortu
nate complications would have been
averted.
To-morrow, it is expected, further ef
forts will be made on the part of "the new
Government of Panama to obtain recog
nition at the hands of the United States'.
LANDING OF BLUE JACKETS.
No confirmation of the news from Colon
of the landing of the bluejackets has been
received, buf the State and Navy Depart
ment officials are quite prepared to near
It. The landing of ammunition Is sup
posed to be. for the purpose, of fortifying
the railway, houses against attacks from
Continued on Page 3, Column 1.
REBEL SUCCESS EXPECTED.
United States Takes Prompt Steps to
Protect Interests.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 4.— United States
Vice-consul- Ehrman at Panama cabled
the State Department under to-day's date
that the Colombian Government warship
Bogota was shelling the city. One Chi
nese had been killed. Ehrman was in
structed to protest against . the bombard
ment.
If the Consul's protest is not sufficient
the commander of the United States gun
boat Boston, which Is by this time on her
way to Panama from. San Juan del Sur,
600 miles distant, will promptly seize the
Colombian gunboat, if necessary, to stop
the bombardment.
The bombardment Is In violation of all
the rules of war, beginning as it did with
out the required notice. Moreover, the
United States Government takes the
ground that It certainly Interferes with
the freedom of transit across the Isth
mus, which this Government Is treaty
bound to maintain.
The greatest activity was exhibited in
the State and Navy departments this
morning and there were frequent consul
tations between the officials, the naval of
ficers particularly being Intent on work-
Ing out the details of the plan for protec
tion of the Isthmian traffic, outlined by
the State Department.
it is quite evident that the navy is mak
ing preparations for a larger squadron In
isthmian waters than it has had in many
years,, and the. fact. Is not disguised that
all the information that has come from
secret agents point to the .ultimate suc
cess of the revolution. But meanwhile
extremely delicate questions are to be an
swered/ for the occupation of one end of
the Panama Railroad by the Government
forces and the other end by the lnsur-
Laborers Out of Employment-
WELCH, Va., Nov. 4.— The United
States Steel Corporation, operating here,
to-day laid off Indefinitely 2000 laborers
the bluejackets from the Nashville quick
ly placed bales of cotton on the tops of
freight cars,' forming excellent barricades.
Several Americans and other foreigners
took refuge on board the German steamer
Markomannla. The opinion of everybody
here Is that the isthmian canal is now
assured.
A dispatch has been received Trom Bo
gota, dated November 2, saying that Con
gress has adjourned without enacting leg
islation on the canal project.
CLOSES RAILROAD TO TROOPS.
The Prefect of Colon to-day received
the following letter from the- commander
of the Nashville:
"Sir: The condition of affairs at Pan
ama, I am advised, is such that any
movement of the Colombian troops now
at Colon to that neighborhood must bring
about a conflict and threaten the free and
uninterrupted transit of the Isthmus,
which the Government of the United
States is pledged to maintain. I have,
therefore, the honor to notifv you that
I have directed the superintendent of the
railroad that he must not transport on
his line troops either of the Government
or of the opposition party.
"Trusting that this action on my part
will meet with your cordial acquiescence,
I have the honor to be, very respectfully.
"JOHN HUBBARD.
ii -, ••Commander, U. S. H.** .
COLON, Colombia, Nov. 4.—With
out the firing of a gun and amid
scenes of great enthusiasm, the
independence of the isthmus and
the department of Panama was
declared last evening.
The city of Panama Is now in the hands
of revolutionists and no serious attempt
has been made to recapture It. The Co
lombian gunboat Bogota arrived in the
harbor after the declaration of Independ
ence and threw a few shells Into the city
without doing damage to life or property.
Perfect order prevails In Colon to-night
and transisthmlan trains are running as
usual, without interruption. In Panama
the flag of the new republic, in colors of
red, white and blue, floats over the Gov
ernment buildings.
The movement' for independence has
been in progress since the rejection by
the Congress in Bogota of the Hay-Her
ran canal treaty, but its sudden ripening
last night was due to the news of the
unexpected arrival at Colon of the Co
lombian gunboat Carthagena, with Gen
erals Tovar and Amaya and a. number of
troops.
BACKED BY LEADING MEN.
The movement has been promoted by
prominent and wealthy isthmians and
Governor Obaldla of the Department of
Panama, who arrived at Panama at 5:30
o'clock last evening, on computing the
troops and citizens in favor of independ
ence found that they numbered at least
1500. The advocates of independence, in
both Panama and Colon, are now jubi
lant.
The presence of the United States gun
boat Nashville at Colon is believed to
have resulted in the avoidance of serious
trouble. \ As the result of a conference
here, Colonel Torres, commanding the
troops, has sent on a special train to
Panama a representative to confer with
General Tovar, whose unconditional re
lease is demanded.
In reliable quarters it is believed that
peaceful results will follow a proposal
made to Colonel Torres that the American
troops shall return to the Nashville If
he guarantee to maintain order. This
proposal was to-night accepted by Col
onel Torres.
BRITISH MARINES MAY LAND.
The British Consul has suggested that,
if requested, a contingent of marines will
be sent to.Celon from the British cruiser
Amphion, now at Panama. It Is believed
that the Nashville will be hardly suffi
cient for all emergencies. It Is reported
that the United States gunboat Dixie will
soon arrive here. Public alarm In Colon
is 4 now somewhat abated, ihe act of
Independence has just been signed at Pa
nama. «-* *-. .
During the . excitement this afternoon
The woman who was in the plot was
Ellen Eagan, employed by Lewis. He re
fused her demands for money, and she
conspired with De Vau to kill Lewis, but
accomplices revealed the plot to Jerome,
NEW YORK, Nov. 4.— In the office of
District Attorney Jerome to-night, after
the arrest of one man and the detention
of a young and pretty woman, a story
vras told of a conspiracy to murder a
business man of some prominence.
Edward de Vau, 23 years old, whose
home is in Nova Scotia and who says his
occupation is that of private detective. Is
under arrest charged with having con
spired to murder Samuel Lewis, a manu
facturer of clothing at 117 Mercer street.
De Vau was arrested at the time when
he believed his accomplices were commit
ting the murder. He has refused to con
fess his crime and also has refused to
deny his guilt. He is an enigma to the
police.
In the opinion of District Attorney Je
rome and of the police and detectives who
have brought about the arrest of De Vau,
Lewis owes his life to the refusal of Wal
ter Nelson to take part in what probably
would have been a murder. The bludgeon
which was to have broken the skull of
the selected victim had been purchased.
De Vau's motive for the killing of Lewis
may have been robbery, as he explained,
but there are good reasons for believing
he was actuated more by jealousy and
a desire to put out of the way a man
whom he believed to be in love with the.
woman loved by himself than by the hope
of enriching himself.
Special Diiratch to The Call.
As the territory In question is a region
of the wildest character and is covered
by perpetual ice and snow neither this
Government nor Canada cares much
about this strip, but there is a remote
possibility that future developments will
make It cause for regret that the ques
tion of sovereignty over the whole region
was not settled now.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 4— An important
fact In conection with the recent delib
eration of the Alaskan boundary tribunal
appeared to-day when It became known
that a stretch of territory 140 miles in
length is still in dispute and is likely to
remain for some time. The significance
of the matter was not appreciated by the
Government until within the last two or
three days owing to an error in the trans
mission of the summary of the tribunal
award as cabled from London. A close
reading of this summary made it appear
that the members of the tribunal were
unable to determine, on account of a lack
of data, the exact course the boundary
should take along the short distance be
tween Kate's Needle and Devil's Thumb,
mountain peaks belonging to the main
range between British Columbia and Alas
ka. It now appears that the territory
still unawarded stretches north and
south more than 140 miles between Kate's
Needle and Devil's Paw.
Special Ditpfttch to The Call.
Thugs Lose Cour
age and Spare
Victim.
Boundary Commis
sion Overlooks
140 Miles.
HIRES MEN
TO MURDER
HIS RIVAL
STILL SOME
TERRITORY
IN DISPUTE
The names of the murdered Armenians
were Agram Grigorian and Slgran Szml
cian. Their companion who escaped as
sassination was Reuben Glaberlaln.
It is believed that the identity of the as
sassin may remain unsolved unless he has
been previously In the hands of the po
lice, when the scars on his face may ren
der Identification easy.-
A member of th4 Armenian revolution
ary committee said to-night to the Asso
ciated Press correspondent: "The mur
derer is undoubtedly an Armenian, but
he Is not one of our people. He looks
like a man from the interior districts."
The costume of the assassin was of a
curious mixture. A new light overcoat
and a new black derby hat gave him a
respectable exterior, but his serge suit
was extremely ragged and his shoes were
much worn. His shirt was shabby, while
his underclothes were new and of fine
quality. In his pockets he carried a cloth
cap, apparently that said to have been
bought by the slayer of Sagouni on the
night of the latter's assassination. It is
evident that the plan of the assassin In
making his escape had been to discard
his overcoat and the derby hat and to
wear the cap. which would have given
him the appearance of a disreputable
street loafer, but his escape being cut off.
he determined to commit suicide rather
than to submit to capture. This series of
crimes has brought terror to the Armen
ians, who fear to leave their houses ex
cept under police protection.
The police, while believing that the mur
derer of Sagouni and the assassin of the
Armenians to-day are Identical, fearing: a
continuance of the murderous vendetta,
point to the ease with which the assassin
escaped them after the killing of Sagoun!.
It Indicates, they say, that the murderer
was harbored and given another set of
clothing by accomplices.
LONDON, Nov., 4.— The dramatic mur
der of Sagatel Sagouni, president of the
Armenian Revolutionary Society in Lon
don, on the night of October 26 was fol
lowed this afternoon by the assassination
of two more delegates to the Armenian
convention here. The suicide of the
assassin, though he has not yet been
identified, gives good reason to believe
that he also was the slayer of Sagouni-
The murders were carried out in the most
daring manner, more so than was the
assassination of Sagouni. They took
place In the early afternoon close to the
Armenian headquarters at Peckharn Rye.
The two victims were shot down from be
hind at close range. The murderer fired
twice at a third member of the group, but
missed him and then attempted tt>
fiee. Seeing that bis escape was cut off.
he drew another revolver and shot himself
with his left hand. It la considered a
significant fact that the assassin of Sa
gouni was also left-handed. .
The Government has received a reply
Jrom the Brazil.an Minister of Foreign
Affairs to the protest against the Rivera
Incident. Baron de Rio Eranco says he
laments that such trouble took place and
he will make an investigation. He an
rour.eed that Brazil had sent a regiment
cf cavalry to maintain order.
The Government directed the Uruguay
an Minister ct Rio Janeiro to protest
esai^st the proceedings of the Brazilian
authorities. The Fourth and Fifth regi
ments of cavalry arrived at Rivera last
right.
The Uruguayan Consul at Santa Ana
U.egraphed that a rncb had stoned tie
consulate. Later telegrams say the Bra
zilians op«ned fire upon the Uruguayans.
killing four men and wounding several
ethers. Finally the executive of Rivera
ar.nour.ced that his own soldiers, charged
frith the custody of Gcrnez. had gone to
Brazil with the prisoner. He declared he
would no longer be chief of such unpatri
otic people. He therefore, resigned his
pest; but the President replied: "I have
confidence in you and hope that you will
restore order."
According to official dispatches from
Rivera the Mayer of Santa Ana, -who is
a. brother of Gomez, demanded his sur
render. The executive of Rivera refused
the Mayors reQUCSt, whereupon that of
ficial arrived at the frontier with a regi
ment d cavalry and numerous other
&rm«d men.
MONTEVIDEO, Uruguay, Nov. 4.— A
serious combat has taken place en the
Brazilian frontier, between Urug-aayan
police and Brazilians. The Uruguayan
police arrested a man named Gentil Go
ru z at Rivera. Residents of Santa Ana
Dolivramento thereupon crossed the
boundary line and made an attack. (
RIO JANEIRO, Nov. 4— Brazil has
warned Peru to withdraw her forces
from Yurva ar.d Purus valleys.
Crucial Cifc'.c to The C&U and New York
Herald. Copyright, 1X3. by the New York
Heraid Publishing Ccrr.;i-;.
Homicide, Who Kills Him
self, Thought to Be the
Slayer of Sagouni.
Arrest on the Frontier Leads
to Clash of Armed
Forces.
Is Already Embroiled
With Uruguayan
Republic.
Victims Are Shot From
Behind in Broad
Daylight.
Brazil May War
for Disputed
Districts.
Two More Political
Murders in
London.
COLON, Colombia, Nov. 4.
General Guadros, the Pre
fect of Colon, and the sen
ior officer commanding the
troops which arrived yesterday
on the gunboat Carthagena
from Savanilla, are maintaining
their position of refusing to ac
knowledge the authority of the
provisional government of Pan
ama, and the troops still refuse
to return to Savanilla.
The lives of the American
residents are threatened. Amer
ican and foreign families are
flocking for shelter to the rail
road buildings.
The United States gunboat
Nashville has landed about
fifty bluejackets and a quantity
of ammunition.
The Colombian gunboat Car
thagena has just left the harbor,
headed northeast. It is said
she is speeding to Savanilla.
The Colombian flag still flies
over the prefecture. The flag of
the new republic has already
made its appearance in Colon.
ARMENIANS
DIE AT HAND
OF ASSASSIN
WARNS PERU
HER FORCES
AMERICAN MARINES LAND IN PANAMA TO GUARD RAILROAD;
COLOMBIAN SHIP TO BE SEIZED IF BOMBARDMENT IS RENEWED
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1903.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XC1V— XO. 158.
THE VBATBBB.
«e*a rr an citco ,«id vicinity —
TgAz ThtLrsday^becomlsg- cloudy
it n*5rht;-fxesiijye»terly
*^f ' *'- A. OK MfATlTT,
» " ,< " *» »
Forecast Official.
The San Francisco Call.
THE THEATSBS. ° <
Alcazar — "Too Mnci Johasaa."
Alhambra— Ellery's Eoyal Ital
ian Band. 'V
California — Haverly's Minstrels,
Central— "At Valley Porsre."
Columbia — "The Storks."
Fischer's — "Babes and Boiei."
Grand — "Ben Hur."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
The Chutes — Vaudeville.
Tivoli — Grand Opera. *The output of bituminous coal from the
Ohio Valley last year was 165,000,000 tons,
which was nearly four-fifths of the entire
production of America. ',
Charged" With Bicycle Thefts.
OAKLAND, Nov. 4.— Salvator Rocco
and Frank Winters, charged with steal
ing bicycles, have been arrested.
beth Walsh, over IS, of San Francisco;
Hiram J. Bord. 20. Centervllle, and Anna
Friece, 20, Irvington ; Richard. E. Hart,
SS, and Ora Robinson, 30, both of San
Francisco.
A Guaranteed Cure for Piles.
Itching. Blind, Bleeding or Protruding Pile*.
Tour druggist will refund money if Paxo
Ointment tails W curt you ts 6 to 14 days. &0c*
Maxwell Wins Suit for Damages.
OAKLAND. Nov. 4.— A jury in Judge
Ogden'B court to-night gave a verdict in
favor of John P. Maxwell, an Oakland
merchant, who was sued by Oscar Mysell,
an auctioneer, for $10,000 damages for al
leged false imprisonment. Maxwell and
Mysell quarreled a year or so ago over
possession of doors belonging in a house
where Mysell had held an auction sale.
OAKLAND. Nov. 4.— Charles T. Gaylor,
the man caught in a closet In the home
of Professor W. Wilkinson In Berkeley,
was placed on trial to-day. He Is charged
with the crime of burglary. He was
heard moving about the house by some
of the Wilkinson household and a search
was instituted. The daughter of the pro
fessor locateJ Gaylcr In a closet, where
he had hidden, and she closed the door
and turned the key. He claims he was
drunk and does not know how he got Into
the house.
OAKLAND, Nov. 4.— Vardo Midzor filed
papers in a suit for $2300 damages to-day,
charging G. Glrard with having struck
him a blow on the ear, which destroyed
his hearing. Glrard in an answer claims
that he had ejected the plaintiff from his
place of business; and that if the former
were hurt It was his own fault.
Scuffle Eesults in Suit.
OAKLAND. Nov. 4.— The following mar
riage licenses were Issued by the County
Clerk to-day: Charles E. Poulter, over 21,
and Eva H. Fearey, over 18, both of Oak
land; Charles P. Halvorsen, 33, and Marl
anna H. Donaldson, 46, both of Oakland;
Mark Baybell, 28, and Clarissa Fareraen,
25, both of Elmhurst; Charles H. Wedg
wood, over 21, of Los Angeies, and Eliza
beth Walsh, over IS, of San Francisco;
Hiram J. Bord. 20. Centervllle, and Anna
Friece, 20, Irvington; Richard. E. Hart,
SS, and Ora Robinson, 30, both of San
Francisco.
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND, Nov. 4.— Articles of Incor
poration of the Pacific Coast Packing
Company were filed to-day. The princi
pal place of business is to be the city of
Oakland. The capital stock of the corpor
ation Is to be $50,000, and it Is divided into
500 shares of the par value of $100 each.
The directors are W. E. Mlnaker, Web
ster Welbanka. L. King and W. A, Rich
ardson of San Francisco and P. W. Bell
ingall of Alameda.
Form Canning Company.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 4.— Huntington's
Pacific Electric Company began work to
day on the line that will eventually be
extended to Riverside, San Bernardino
and other towns in the valley. Rails
were laid In the towns .of Pomona and
Covina In order to comply with the fran
chise requirements that work shall begin
before November 7. Active work Is ex
pected to begin on these extensions as
soon as the rails are received. The line
to "Whittler Is finished and will be opened
to the public In a few days.
Work Is Begun on New Electric Line.
Mendoza Is accused of having changed
the brand on some cattle belonging to
other people and of trying to sell the cat
tle. He waa tried once In San Jose and
this is his second trial here. The case
has been on for two weeks.
OAKLAND, Nov. 4.— The third trial of
Frank Mendoza for cattle stealing is
drawing to a close and the case will prob
ably so # to the Jury by noon to-morrow.
The closing arguments have consumed
the entire day.
JttXNDOZA'S THIBD TRIAL
IS NEAKING A CLOSE
Alleged Cattle Thief Is Making a
Hard Fight to Escape State's
Prison.
OAKLAND, Nov. 4.— The final account
and petition for distribution of the estate
of the late Isaac Hyde was filed to-day
by Eliza J. Hyde, his widow. "The estate
Is shown to be worth $211,439 32 and con
sists of cash, bonds, stock and real estate.
The petitioner states that the two daugh
ters, Josephine M. Hyde and Adele L.
Morrison, were left $30,000 each In their
father's will. There is not this amount of
cash on hand and they have both signified
their willingness to take stocks at their
market value for the balance of their leg
acies. The son, Edwin C. Hyde, was left
$10,000. Distribution Is asked upon this
basis.
Would Distribute Estate.
Saturday morning. 10:30 o'clock — Devotional
services, Mrs. William Kelly, leader. EnglUh
Lutheran Church. Oakland; minutes of Friday;
unfinished . business ; eolo, Mrs. Clara Diana
Stacy; new business, flection of officers and
ext»cutive committee (Informal ballot), music.
Saturday afternoon. 2 o'clock — Devotional
services; formal election of officers and ex
ecutive committee; solo. Miss Gertrude Halsey;
consecration eervlre and installation of officers
and executive committee; adjournment.
Friday afternoon, 2 o'clock — Devotional ser
vices, Mrs. Kcbinson. leader, Simpson Memo
rial Church, San Francisco; report of credential
committee; music, eongs, by Chinese Circle,
San Francisco; reports of circles; solo, Mrs.
Henry L. Coreon; offering.
Friday evening, 7:45 o'clock — Praise service,
l^d by Mr. Clement Rowlands; prayer. Rev.
M. Slaughter, Calvary Baptist Church. Oak
land; music, xongs, by Chinese Circle, San
Kranclfco; address. . Dr. E. E. Baker, First
Presbyterian Church, Oakland; polo, Mrs.
Carrie lirown Dexter; music; benediction. Rev.
¦William Kelly. First English Lutheran Church
Oakland.
Friday morning, 10:15-10:30 — Devotional
Efrvice, Miss Ida May Egli, leader First
ISaptiet Church, Oakland; addreas of welcome,
Mre. M. Brown; response, Mrs. Clark of Ban
Francisco; polo. Miss Florinne Juillerat; Oak
land's greeting; convention called to order by
the State secretary, Mrs. Brown; reports of
State officers; announcements.
OAKLAND, Xov. 4.— The third annual
State convention of the International Or
der of King's Daughters and Sons will
be held at the First Presbyterian Church
next Friday and Saturday. pro
gramme for the two days is as follows:
State Gathering to Be Held in Oak
land Beginning on Friday
Next.
KINO'S DAUGHTERS' AND
SONS' ANNUAL CONVENTION
ALAMEDA, Nov. 4. — Mrs. James A. Black
gave one of her delightful "at h^mes" at her
residence. 1004 Grand street, yesterday after
noon. The hostess entertained about sixty
friends, from this city, Oakland and San Fran
cisco in the charming way that characterizes
all of the social affairs with which ehe has to
do. Mrs. Black was assisted in receiving by
six poP" lar members of the younger set — Mlsd
Arabella Mills and Miss Mabel Toy of San
Francisco, Mi9s Hilda Van Sicklen, liiiss
Grace McCormick. Miss Harriet Austin and
Miss Belle O'Connor, all of Alameda. Re
freshments were served during the afternoon
and a programme of social pastimes was en
joyed by all present. Yesterday's "at home"
was the fln»t given this season by Mrs. Black.
She has planned to give another prior to the
Christmas holidays.
Dr. George P. Reynolds and wife, with Miss
Grace Reynolds and L. H. Jacobl returned to
day from Big Meadows, where they spent a
vacation of three weeks.
Mies Anne Louise Daniells, daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. T. G. Daniells, will leave Bremer
haven, Germany, on the 14th Instant, for home.
She has been abroad for a year and a hair
studying singing under German masters. Miss
Daniells is the possessor of a mezzo-soprano
voice that won her high praise at recitals here
prior to her departure for Europe.
The art students at the Mark Hopkins In
stitute of Art have organized a etudent body
that will hereafter control the affairs of the-
BtudentH attending there. C. W. Duncan is
pret-Ident of the new association. Miss Boya
vice president. Miss Yelland secretary and
George Smith treasurer.
The executive committee of the Aseoclated
Students decided last night not to accept the
Invitation of the Association Football League
to play a series of games after the holidays.
Lack of interest In the game is given as tha
reason for the decision.
Eight students were suspended yesterday for
"cutting" the military drill. Colonel Walte,
the military instructor, reinstated four of
them to-day on their promise that they would
not be derelict again.
BERKELEY. Nov. 4.— Professor Kendrlc C.
Babcock, formerly of the history department,
was formally Installed as president of the
University -of Arizona at Tucson to-day. Presi
dent Wheeler delivered the principal address
at the Inauguration ceremonies.
Professor Max Uhle, Hearst lecturer In Pe
ruvian archaeology, will sail next Saturday
for Peru to reftew his researches In the fields
that have brought such rich results to the
museum of tho university and to science. Dr.
Uhle will be away three yenrs. during which
he will not only ko over some of tho ground
visited in his last exploration, but uncover
tome new fields.'
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
Thomas R. A^eed. a tenant of Thome's,
explained at the time the old man de
parted that he had seen his landlord
packing a traveling bag; that Thorne had
drawn money from the bank, and had
intimated he intended to go East to find
Mrs. Crocker. The message from the ab
sentee verifies Reed's statement in every
particular. It also substantiates the po
lice theory.
Thorne, in addition to unfolding the se
cret of his latest venture within range
of Cupid's darts wrote that he was en-
Joying the best of health.
Charles V. S. Thorne, an eccentric oc
togenarian, who left his home at 1106 East
Twenty-fourth street on October 5 with
out announcing his departure, has bob
bed up in Des Moines, Iowa, as the hus
band of Mrs. Frances E. Crocker that
was. In a brief message to Attorney Gil
bert Wyman, -who had charge of the old
man's affairs, Thorne tells the story of
his matrimonial move, the fifth in a life
that has passed the eightieth milestone.
As soon as Wyman received word from
his aged client the po+ice were notified.
It had been reported two weeks ago that
Thorne had mysteriously disappeared.
The detectives, after investigation, de
clared that from numerous letters the,y
had found in Thome's residence they
were satisfied he had gone East on a
marrying expedition. Correspondence
with Mrs. Crocker was brought to light,
and ample evidence was disclosed to show
that the peculiar East Oaklander had set
out to win another bride.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, Nov. 4.
Aged Oaklander Travels
Par and WiDs His
Fifth Bride.
If New York or Chicago bad a chance to
ties, but to-day that work was
dedicated to the use of the public, and
the. only wagon road tunnel in the Sta^p
was declared finished and a success.
There were special exercises for this
event, and the. people of Contra Costa
County and the people of Alameda Coun
ty, who have been more closely united by
this event, assembled to congratulate one
another. Supervisors, Mayors, public of
ficials and private! citizens met, first at
the tunnel at the summit of the ridge and
later in Oakland, and finally at the ban
quet table. The rain of the night before
and the threatening sky did not dampen
the ardor of those who had laborer! so
long and so earnestly for this result. The
affair was in charge of the tunnel com
mittee of the Merchants' Exchange and
the Boards of Supervisors of the two
counties. <
The exercises were, attended by a large
party of guests from Alameda County,
who were first taken on a tour of inspec
tion to the tunnel, where a basket lunch
was served, after which the party re
paired to Idora Park, where the formal
dedicatory exercises were held.
The Alameda County delegation left the
headquarters of the Merchants* Exchange
at 9:30 o'clock this morning, many of the
guests arriving late, as they thought that
the dedication would be postponed on ac
count of the threatening weather. It was
necessary to notify a number by tele
phone that the programme would be car
ried out rain or shine, and this delayed
the start nearly half an hour.
The party occupied three large buses,
and on the way to the tunnel Supervisor
H. D. Rowe pointed out the difficulties
which were overcome in building the new
road and called, attention to the great
amount of work which had been accom
plished In the last three months.
INSPECTION MADE.
On arriving at the tunnel the-ijarty was
given time to Inspect the work of the en
gineers, after which refreshments were
served. During the lunch, which was
spread In picnic fashion. Secretary Wil
bur Walker of the Merchants' Exchange
proposed the following tc-ast: "The Inter
county tunnel— may it be the forerunner
of many similar children of prosperity."
George H. Smith then called for three
cheers for the tunnel committee and the
Boards of Supervisors of both counties,
and the cheers were glven^wlth a will.
The members of the party who visited
the tunnel this morning were:
Supervisor H. D. Rowe, J. F. W. Sohst, Wil
ber Walker. W. F. Burbank, H. C. Capw.l!,
D. C. Brown, W. B. Standeford, O. Hoffmann,
Cralgie Sharp*. R. M. Brtare, H. M. Sanborn.
Supervisor John Mitchell, F. J. Lea, Geor«a
Samuels, F. L. Button. Supervisor J. R. Tal
cott, F. Sinclair, Theodore Gier. J. P. Rohr
bach. A. H. Schleuter, Samuel Love, Henry
Gloy, F. H. Farwell, J. C. Downey, \\. H.
Weilbye, A. Jonas, E. A. O'Brien, Homer Wil
son, R. P. M.Greely, J. Tilloran, George " W.
Arper, A. A. Dentson, John Bonham, J. It.
Sloan, R. S. Jackson of Oakland, County Sur
veyor E. C. Prather.
Supervisors Wlghtman and Paul At Martini
of Contra Costa County.
Senator E. K. Taylor, C. F. Moulthorp and
C. C. Moulthorp of Alameda.
A quick trip was made to Idora Park,
where the formal exercises were held.
J. F. W. Sohst, chairman of the tunnel
committee, opened the literary pro
gramme with a short history of the work
done by the Merchants'. Exchange In be
half of the tunnel.. He said In part:
The barrier which has kept Alameda and
Contra Costa counties apart for more than half
a century and hindered our development has
been removed by the Inter-county tunnel, and
the present generation and those to come after
us will, enjoy the fruit which p iblic spirited
citizens have prepared for them.
SCENEBY IS WONDEBFUIi.
OAKLAND, Nov. <.— It required al
most thirty years to complete the
inter-county tunnel that connects
Alameda and Contra Costa coun-
California Jockey Club. Tunnel day $2505 00
dividends, Oakland Bank of Savings $3C0 75 :
Supervisor J. M. Stow, $500; Knights of
Pythiae committee. $170 30; J. F. Boyd $100;
Fred Utcker, $23; Abrahamson Bros , $50- div
idend. Oakland Bank. $30 30; Oakland ' Gas
Light and Heat Company. $500; R. H Cham
berlain. $25; J. T. Moran, $25; F. Senram &
C ,°XA*S S: T J l m ;: s P> Taylor, $100; Kahn Bros..
$100; E. Lehnhardt. $20; Realty Syndicate and
Oakland Transit. $1000; Taft & Pennoyer $100-
Joseph Napthaly. $100; Remilldrd Brick
Company. $100; M. J. -Keller, $100; William
Moller, . $100; Mrs. Ernestine Delger $300;
Oakland Paving Company, $50; W. P ' Fuller
Company, $50; Oakland Lumber Exchange in
cluding Fuget Bound Lumber Company' "E.
M. Derby Company. Humboldt Lumber Com
pany, Taylor &. Co., Pacific Coast Lumber and
Mill Company, West : Berkeley Lumber Com
pany Inc., Paclflc Lumber Company, • F. W.
Foss & Co.. H. W. Taylor. W. H Wellbye.
$1000; Blake & lioffltt estate. $ld0; Judson
Manufacturing: Company. $50; Associated
Banks of Oakland, except Union Savings Bank,
$576; Union Savings Bank.' $500; James L. de
Fremery, ?250; Contra. Costa Water Company.
For almost a quarter of a century the
road lay on the hillside uncompleted and
the Contra Costa County residents con
tinued to use the old roads and meet
with disaster and injury until the Mer
chants' Exchange of Oakland took the
matter in hand. They found It neces
sary to secure the passage of a special
law that would permit counties to build
inter-county tunnels. This was done and
then it was found that more of the tun
nel was in Contra Costa County than in
Alameda. The exchange then undertook
to raise by private subscription enough
money in Oakland to make the cost of
the same to the little county across tho
hills as to the larger county to the. east.
This was done and nearly $12,000 raised,
of which $10,000 was paid to the Contra
Costa Supervisors and the balance ex
pended upon the Alameda County side of
the hill. The subscriptions to this fund
were:
acquire & scenic road like the one Ratilng up
to the tunnel each would pay a million dollars
or more for it. How does It come to our city?
No public meetings. No petition to the City
Council. No bond election. Nj issuing of
bonds. "Without spendinn one cent, this mag
nificent improvement is dropped into Oakland's
lap
Mr. Sohst, as chairman of the tunnel
committee, then formally turned the tun
nel over to President Theodore Gier of
the Merchants' Exchange, who accepted
It in the name of the exchange and then
presented the completed work to the Su
pervisors of Contra Costa and Alameda
counties.
The address of the day was delivered
by Senator E. K. Taylor of Alameda,
who pointed out the beneilt the tunnel
would be to the two counties. Short
speeches were mpde by Supervisors
Mitchell and Rowe of Alameda County
and Chairman Wightman of the Cqntra
Costa County Board of Supervisors.
The history of the inter-county tunnel
Is an interesting one, extending back to
the early '70s. In those days the popu
lous part of Contra Costa County was
in the agricultural valleys in the Interior.
It was the desire of the farmers of that
section to reach tide water at Oakland,
ami several roads were built across the
hills. But these roads were run upon
lines that Involved the greatest economy
of construction and grades were not care
fully considered. But stages were run
from Oakland to various parts of the
neighboring county and travel and traffic
came from the Alameda County side of
the hills.
Then it was that the late L. W. Kenne
dy conceived the idea of building a toll
road across these hills with a tunnel that
would permit of easy grade upon each
side. He organized a private company
for the purpose and the road was built to
the mouth of the proposed tunnel. Work
was begun upon the hole in the hill, but
a rush of water was struck to the extent
that it collapsed the tunnel and the com
pany at the same time.
OLD ROAD USED.
SCENES DURING THE EXERCISES HELD YESTERDAY DEDICATING
TO THE PURPOSES OF TRADE THE NEW TUNNEL JOINING CON
TRA COSTA AND ALAMEDA COUNTIES. .
The Board of Education for the second
time within two weeks has been' called
upon to investigate charges against mem
bers of the teaching staff in the public
schools of this city. The charges involve
alleged undue violence in the handling of
pupils.
The second case that has been formally
called to the department director's at
tention is that of I. D. Martin, principal
of the Grant School. Complaint made by
C. E. HitchcocK, a deputy sheriff of Pied
mont district, that Principal Martin used
unnecessary force on Hitchcock's son, 13
years of ace, is the subject of the in
vestigation.
The charges, which were referred to
the Rules and Regulations Committee of
the board, have been set for' hearing on
Friday evening, a special meeting of the
committee having been called. Those that
will hear the evidence are Directors Knox,
Robertson and Isaacs. Superintendent Mc-
Clymonds and President George T. Ran
dolph.
The rule of the Board of Education
touching corporal punishment is as fol
lows:
Corporal punishment shall be resorted to
only in extreme cases, when other moans fall
to secure obedience. No cruel or unusual pun
ishment shall be allowed, and no corporal pun
ishment Ehall be, inflicted in the nlg;;i and
evening sohools, nor upon alrls in tln» jrrn.ni
mar or primary trades. It shall be udmlnlH
tered by principals only -ind In the presence
of a teacher or other competent witness. Kach
principal shall record In the. State register each
case cf corporal nunishrient. the manner in
which '.t was inflicted, the name, nge and of
fense ol the pupil, end r report of the Faiv.e
shall be made monthly to the Superintendent.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Nov. 4.
Kendall Fellows and George TValker
opened the programme with thtir Chinese
impersonations, which were decidedly
clever and original. They were recalled
several times, making in fact the hit of
the evening. Other good numbers were:
Violin solos, by Clay M. Burrcll; the
geisha dance, by Misses Eiben and
I^etcher, and the Japanese musical com
edy, in which the soloists were Miss Etta
Eiben and Waittr C. Wilson, assisted by
a chorus of eight young ladies and eight
young men. The geisha dancers were
drilled by Miss Ililma-Buttlar.
Tea and other refreshments were served
during- the evening by attendants in cos
tume, among whom were:* Misses "Wini
fred 'Warner. Margucrcte Warner, Jessie
Ruth and Dorothy Willard. Carmellita
Cuvellier, Clarabellc King, Ruby Boswell,
Louise Ammerman, Margaret Hamilton,
Anna Parsons, Mrs. S. C. B. King Miss
Hilma Buttlar, Daisy Fitzmorris, Carrie
and Addie Gorrill, Mrs. A. H. Elliott,
Helen Varney, Etta Eiben, Ivah Murphy,
Tillie FritRch, Grace and Josephine
Letcher, Itowena Foster, Misses Kuss,
Ethelwyn Mills, Zora Ncuhaus and Vega
Dybcrgh, and Messrs. Emil Fritsch. A. H.
Elliott, H. J. Piersol. Clay Burreil, S. C.
13. King and Edgar Willard.
OAKLAND, Nov. 4.— Seated at small
tables in the subdued light of many color
ed lanterns, a large crowd enjoyed the
Japanese garden party and vaudeville en
tertainment at Wendte Hall, given by
members of the Unity Club. The pro
gramme was presented last night for the
first time and was such a huge success
that in accordance witH a general request
it was repeated to-night. Too much can
not be said in praise of the whole enter
tainment, the decorations, especially, be
ing unusually' artistic and unique. The
beautiful scene, representing Japan's
sacred Fujiyama by moonlight, was paint
ed by Clay M. Burreil, and was one of
the most attractive features of the deco
rations.
Kendall Fellows and George Walker
Make a Hit in Their Clever
Impersonation.
UNITY CLUB GIVES
JAPANESE FESTTVAJL
Charges Against Princi
pal Martin Set for
Hearing.
In accordance with the announcement
already made the citizens' committee of
m\n and women met at the home of Mrs.
George B. Haight last night and adopted
a resolution memorializing the Board of
Trustees on the necessity of Incorporating
into the proposed bond Issue the amount
of $13,000 for the manual training depart
ment. Victor Robertson, chairman of tho
committee, was authorized to present the
resolution at the next meeting of the
Trustees.
Replying to your favor, will say that tho
conversatiun I ha.ve had with several member*
of the Board of Trustees inclines me to be
lieve that the bonds to establish and equip
manual training laboratories, etc?., will meet
with favor, and I chall do what I can to have
it Included in the proposed bond issue.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2143 Center Street, Nov. 4.
Now it is the Town and Gown Club that
is backing the effort to have inserted in
the proposed bond issue an Item calling
for the expenditure of $15,000 for the in
stallation of a manual training and do
mestic industries department in the gram
mar schools of Berkeley. That exclusiva
women's club has unanimously adopted a
resolution requesting the Board of Trus
tees to provide In the bonding scheme tha
means for the establishment and equip
ment of the necessary laboratories. Here
is the way the resolution reads:
Resolved, That it is the sense of th«s Town
and Gown Club of Berkeley that In tho pro
posed bond issue provision should be made for
the establishment and equipment of laborato
ries for the teaching of manual training, cook
ing and sewingr In the various (rrammar schools
of Berkeley.
Miss Lallie B. Wall, corresponding- secre
tary of the club, sent a copy of this reso
lution to Thomas Rickard, president of
the Board of Trustees, who replied as fol
lows:
DIRECTORS WILL
SIT IN INQUIRY
Women's Club Advo
cates Manual Train
ing Project.
Defendant Says the Charge
Against Him Is a
Trivial One.
CUPID'S URGING
FORCES JOURNEY
Nelson was to have appeared in court
on the first Monday of October. Instead
h<» says that he came to the Pacific Coast
in quest of a man who owed him money.
He will not give the man's name nor the
amount, and the police are disinclined to
believe the story, as it does not seem pos
sible that Nelson would be willing to for
te5t $5000 which had been put up by his
friends had he not some reason for wish
ing to escape justice. Nelson says that
his wife and child are residing at the
present time at jO7 Eleventh street, Oak
land. An investigation last night dis
closed the fact that th^re is no such num
ber In either Kast or West Oakland.
FICTITIOUS ADDRESS.
In explanation of the arrest Nelson says
that some time ago his brother, John O.
Nelson, was arrested and convicted on a
charge of murder in the 6econd degree.
While the case was on appeal the defend
ant, who was out on bonds, went to Okla
homa and was prevented from appearing
flt the next session of the court by the
Kansas floods. Nelson, who is in jail here,
claims that he had incurred the displeas
ure of Circuit Judge Thomas Flannelly by
criticising him severely In his petition for
an appeal, and that the Judge had a war.
rant sworn out for his arrest on a charge
of having obstructed justice by secreting
a prisoner. He was released on $j000
bonds, and says that he soon afterward
went to St. Louis to promote an oil
Fcheme.
Nelson cays he was an attorney in Cof
feevllle, Kan. He has many letters from
prominent persons, but most of them are
in relation to the advancement of some
enterprise. He is a glib talker and does
not belie the circular in that respect.
Since leaving Kansas he has grown a
mustache and chin whiskers. It was
clever work on the part of the detective
in recognizing him, for Tils appearance
has changed considerably. He boasts of
his family connections and of high social
relation* in the plae« from which he
comes.
XELSON'S EXPLANATION.
Nelson pave t>on<Js hrr© in the rum of $0000
for his appearance at the District Criminal
Court of Montgomery Countr, Kejis. He fail
ed to appear and his bond has been forfeited
and a t*n<*h warrant issued. Nelson Us a good
talker, and always has tome scheme on loot.
He will talk law. horse or any old thing, and
is fairly well jx>sted on the sreneral topics
of the day. He /ias a wife and & little girl
with h!m.
At th» request of the Sheriff of Mont
gomery County, Kansas, David R. Nel
son, who claims to be an attorney, was
arrested yesterday afternoon and is now
held at the City Prison. The arrest was
made by Detective Tim BaHey at Clay
and Drumm streets. Bailey recognized
Nelson from a circular received by the
local police department. The specific
charge for which the prisoner la wanted
is not known, owing to the fact that
Captain of Detectives Martin has been
unable to receive additional details, but
It is supposed to be a grave one. The
circular on which the arrest was made
contains the following:
With nearly an Inch of rain as the rec
ord for ¦ the opening of the first
storm of the winter, residents of the
Frultvale district within the city limits
have increased their clamor for protec
tion against the storm water drained upon
the streets from the outside hill slopes.
A condition, peculiar to the double-headed
government, city and county, that Oak
land bends under, is met in the efforts of
City Engineer P. C. Turner, backed by
the City Council and the administration,
to afford the desired relief.
All of the storm water that runs in tor
rents into the low places, stretching east
ward from Nineteenth avenue, through
the Twenty-third-avenue business district
and on toward Fruitvale, is from rainfall
on the sloping watershed that Is entirely
outside of municipal jurisdiction and en
tirely within, the County Board of Su
pervisors' political domain.
Appeal has been made to the board for
the relief by appropriation for construc
tion of a storm water drainage system,
tho county to contribute the greater por
tion of the money. But that appeal has
been met first by a construction of the
law blocking the work, then an attempt
to induce each Supervisor to make an ap
propriation from road district funds to
cover the needed amount. Down to date
the movement has lagged. There has not
been the spontaneous response that the
East Oaklanders would desire to be made
by the Supervisors.
The section most seriously affected Is
along East Fourteenth street, a connec
tion for the main traveled San Leandro
road into Oakland. Because City En
gineer Turner has been active in trying
to remedy conditions he has been the
target for criticism from county officials,
who asserted that he was not warranted
in so-called Interference. Sentiment has
been strongly aroused In East Oakland
concerning the apparent delay in reach
ing a settlement of the financial difficulty.
So far as the city of Oakland Is con
cerned it is estimated that the taxpay
ers contribute 70 per cent to the county
roads funds, of which not one dollar is
expended within the city limits. This is
the result of liberal transfers by the
Board of Supervisors from the general
fund of the county to the various district
road funds.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Nov. 4.
TOWN AND GOWN
APPROVES BONDS
PHOENIX. Ariz., Nov. 4.— President B.
P. Kipley, Second Vice President Paul
Morton, Third Vice President J. W. Kon
drick and other officials of the Santa F«
system arrived here early this, morning,
spent a few hours in Phoenix and- Mesa
City and continued their journey to Pres
cott and other northern points. The visit
is mainly for the purpose of Inspecting
the Santa Fe lines and connections In tha
Southwest. Judging from, the personnel
of the* gentlemen with whom the officials
were in conference it is supposed one mat
ter under consideration was the feasibil
ity of the construction of a branch of the
Santa Fe system from Mesa City to Gold
fleld, twenty miles long, cutting off that
much in the wagon haul necessary in tak
ing freight to the sito uf the Tonto stor
age dam, soon to be constructed. The
visit also give3 rise to further speculation
respecting the plans of the Santa Fa to
construct Its main line from a point in
New Mexico through the Gila and Salt
River valleys to Phoenix, thence north
west to the Colorado River south of Tha
Needlea. Should this be done, as is gen
erally believed it would be within the
next two or three years, the road wtlukl
avoid the heavy grades on tho present
line running through Northern Arizona.
That mental treatment of disease Is preva
lent as a fact is shown by the prominence of
the mind curlst, the Christian Scientist ana
the like. It is also more or less prominent
in osteopathy. Tha reasons for the spread
of this is largely due to the growing recogni
tion of the importance of suggestion as <t
means of influencing the physical conduct of
the body and also to the fact that regular
practitioners, who have heretofore been rather
conservative in adopting mental suggestion as
a treatment, are now coming into the fold.
Hypnotlsnj is getting more and more prevalent
as a means of treatment and Is being recog
nized by scientific men everywhere. Proba
bly some day, not very far away, mental sug
gestion and psychology will be part of the
regular equipment of all medical men.
So much for the practical work. On the
con-practical side, the advantage will be in
favor of increased opportunities for research.
The abnormal cases that a. regular physician
often finds will add to the science of psychol
ogy. It *-will finally tend to offset a certain
narrowness of view, as if the body were the
whole man. In this way the physicians' own
estimate of human nature will be altered, his
powers of sympathy enlarged and his whole
work given greater value.
Dr. Stratton also said that psychology
had recently developed more on the ex
perimental side than ever before and that
the researches were of inestimable value
to the practice of medicine. For the gen
eral background for medical study he ad
vocated the study of biology, which, he
said, is coming into closer contact with
psychology all the time.
$500; Howell-Dorman Company. ?25; Goldberg-
Bowen Company $50; Bowman & Co.. $2j;
Sherman. Clay &. Co.. $25; A. J. Snyder. $25;
John Nicholl, $25; R. P. M. Gree
ley, $25; Woodward. Wat3on & Co.,
$25' H. C. Capwell Company, $30;
Ingram Hardware Company. $25; Walter ri.
Mackay & Co., $25; Heron & Holcomb. S25;
C H. Butler & Co., $50; Hutchlnson-Ransome
Company, $25; Sunset Grocery Company, $25;
J P Maxwell $1:5; Jackson Furniture Com
pany' $25- Dr. O. D. Hamlin. $50; Grayson
Owen Company. $50; F. K. Mott. $50: Oeorg*
Mosbacher, $10; T. W. Corder. $50; K. B. &
A L Stone $200; Uhl Bros., $25; Supervisor
H* D Rowe, $25: Mrs. A. Reier. $50; Thoma3
Crellfn. $100; Kiel & Evans. $25; Wllejf B.
Allen Company, $25; A. M. Sallnjrer Company
Inc $100- C. J Heeseman. $25; Kohler &.
Chase, $25*; P. Fl'ynn. *1O; K F. DelRer. $1CU;
Governor George C. Pardee, $20; W. B. Stande
ford i"5' H. D. Cushlnfr, $2i>: Howe & V, in
che«ter $25: A Jonas, $25: Mrs. Matilda W.
Brown,' $100; C. T. Bate5. $10; H. H.rfst $25;
Collins Bros. $10; W. R. Davis.- J25; James
A Joyce $25; A. H. Schlueter. $25; Mrs. D.
Kreyenha'geri. $10; Hook iiroe. Company. $26;
Klben & Nor. $50; Charles Juncenii. $100; J.
Seulberger, $5; OsRood Bros. $25; dividend.
Oakland Bank of Savings, $26 15; M^mer-
Smith Company, $25; J. E. Farnum $5: G. L.
Falrchlld. $25: R, W. Edwards. $25; J. A. C.
MacdonaW. $25: Hillhouse & Rgrto. HO:
Walter Meese. $15: P. N. Kuss. $25; \Valk«r
& Smith $25: Chri-tian Ruedy. $10: F. W.
SchuTz. $75; J. F. W. Sohst. $25; Barker &
Klnney. $50; Then. Gter. $T0O.
The evening exercises were held at the
Ebell Society parlors, where the Mer
chants' Exchange gave a banquet In
honor of the opening of the tunnel. Nearly
every member of the exchange was pres
ent and there were a large number of ln
lnted guests.
After the banquet A. Jones introduced
the toastmaster of the evening. President
Theodore Gier of the Merchants' Ex
change, who gave a brief outline of the
work done by the exchange in the enter
prise, and then introduced Secretary Wil
bur Walker, who related the history of
the tunnel. He told of the collections
for the work made by the tunnel commit
tee, totaling $11,853 40.
Mayor Warren Olney was Introduced
and he congratulated the tunnel commit
tee on the great work which, through
their efforts, had been completed. The
Mayor said, in part:
"On behalf of the citizens of Oakland
I wish to thank you for the work you
have done in the removal of the barrier
between the two counties. When I was
invited to speak here this evening I was
informed that I might choose my own
subject. I do not think that I could
choose a better or more appropriate one
than the subject of 'Good Roads,' and I
have faith enough in the people of this
city to believe that in the near future
the city and county of Oakland, If you
please, will present such attractions that
our neighbors will be willing to build
good roads in order to reach our city."
Judge Henry A. Melvin responded to
the toast "All Roads Will Lead to Oak
land."
Hon. W. R- Davis, a former Mayor of
Oakland, spoke of the city twenty years
ago, to-day and in the future. " J. D.
Wightman, chairman of the Board of Su
pervisors of Contra Costa County, ex
; pressed the thanks of the people of that
county to the members of the Merchants'
I Exchange and the tunnel committee.
I Among the other speakers were: Su
! pervisor H. D. Rowe, Judge George Sam
uels, J. F. W. Sohst. H. C. Capwell and
Supervisor Joseph M. Kelly of Alameda
County.
G. M. Stratton, professor of psychology
at the University of California, believes
that the time will soon come when a
knowledge of psychology will be an Im
portant part of the regular equipment Of
medical practitioners. His opinion is
based on the observation that there is an
increasing recognition of the importance
of suggestion in the treatment of mental
diseases and the growing influence of the
mind curlst and the Christian Scientist.
Dr. Stratton voiced his opinions in a
lecture before the Harvey Club in East
Hall to-night. His subject was "Psychol
ogy and the Training of the Physician."
In part he said:
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Nov. 4.
Back City Officials' Efforts
to Induce Supervisors
to Act.
Declares Regular Practition
ers Are Beginning to
Believe.
Advisability of Constructing
Branch to Goldfleld Is
Considered.
David R. Nelson, Wanted
in Kansas, Captured
in This City.
East Oaklanders Want a
Storm Water Nui
sance Abated.
Dr. G. M. Stratton Says
Physicians Will Take
Up Study.
Prominent Officials of
the Road Are Visit
ing Arizona.
JUMPS HIS BAIL
AND IS CAUGHT
DEMAND ACTION
BY THE COUNTY
SANTA FE LINES
BEING INSPECTED
MAKES CLAIMS
FOR PSYCHOLOGY
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1903.
Supervisors and Many Citizens of Alameda and Con
tra Costa Counties Inspect the Completed Work,
Enjoy an Outdoor Picnic and Make Speeches
TUNNEL DEDICATION MARKS
PROGRESS OF THE NEW TIME
2
DR. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
Will be paid by the t JJ
World's Dispensary
Medical Association, Buffalo, N. Y., if
they cannot show the original signature
of the individual volunteering the testi-
monial below, and also of the writers of
every testimonial among the thousands
which they are constantly publishing,
thus proving their genuineness.
« For about two years I suffered from a T«y
obstinate case of dyspepsia." writea R. B. Sccord .
Esq., of 13 Eastern Ave., Toronto, Ontario. "I
tried a treat number of remedies without suc-
cesj. I finally lost faith ia them all. I was so
far gone that I could not for a lea? tisie bear
any solid food in my stomach ; fait melancholy
and depressed. Some four months ago a friend
recommended your ' Golden Medical Dijcoverjr.'
'Alter a week's treatment I bad derived » much
benefit that I continued the medicine, I hare
taken three bottles and am convinced it has
in my case accomplished a permaneat cure. I -
can conscientiously recommend It to tie tioo-
eands of dyspeptics throughout the laad."
A man can succeed and be «trongif
he heeds Nature's warnings. When
there is indigestion, loss of appetite,
ringing in the ears, dizziness, spots be-
fore the eyes or palpitation of the heart ;
any or all of these symptoma point to
weakness and loss of nutrition. Dr.,
Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery ts thei
medicine to turn to.
« Golden Medical Discovery" contains
no alcohol and i3 entirely free from
opium, cocaine and all other narcotics.
It is strictly a temperance medidnc.
Accept no substitute for "Golden Med-
ical Discovery." There is nothing "just
as good " for diseases of the stomach.
The w Commo nSense Medical Adviser,'*
1008 pages, in paper covers, i3 sent free
on receipt of 21 one-cent stamps, to pay
expfsse of mailing only. Address Dr.
9 V. Pifrcg. Buffalo. N. V. ¦!
Crooked Teeth Straightened.
Diseased and inflamed rums treated and cured
and teeth cleaned fru. Roots and broken down
teeth can be saved for years and avoid the in-
convenience of wearing a plate. All worlc dotw
(or the cost of material. Week days. 0 to 0;
Sundays, 9 to 1. Painless methods a apecldl'y.
Extraction free. Graduates only. Full guaran-
tee.
FOST-OKABTJATE DESTAj COI.I.EGS
San Prancisco— C Taylor Street.
/ Oakland — 973 Washington Street-
San Jos*— 45 East Santa Clara SUMS.SAN DIEGO, Nor. 4.— The largest transac
tion la beacb property which has taken place
here for many months waa consummated, to
day. Th"e O. J. Stocgh holdings at PadSe
Beach were purchased by Fotaom Bros, of
this city, the consideration being JlW.CiO.
SAN DIEGO. Nov. 4.— Captain Shurtleff
of the United States collier Nero had a
hard time getting ready for sea on the
rush orders received from Washington,
but he succeeded In getting everything
necessary aboard, including a cook, and
sailed at 5 o'clock this evening for Pana-
United States Collier Nero Receives
Rush Orders From Washington.
LEAVES FOR PANAMA.
PANAMA. Nov. 4.-Th 3 revolution
which occurred here yesterday, and which
resulted in me proclamation of the inde
pendence cf the isthmus of Panama, was
not unexpected. From Sunday last all
Kinds cf rumors had been in circulation,
but it was not until Tuesday nizht that
the hour so long loo forward to by
the inhabitants of Panama arrived. For
two days previously groups of citizens
had been catherea about the t»wn dis
cussing the situation, which caused alarm
on the part of the authorities. Houses
of Dr. Amador, Jose Arango and Fred
erico Boyd and ether leaders of the pop
ular movement were watched by the po
lice, but the revolutionists fearlessly went
in and-out of their residences. Issued their
orders, and their plans were carried out.
It was first arranged that the revolu
tion should take place at 2 o'clock on
Wednesday, but when a tolegram was re
ceived from Colon announcing that Gen
eral Tovar, with a detachment of 5<33
Revolution the Result cf Colombia's
Adverse Action.
PANAMA WANTS CANAL.
"I am done," said Parks. "Nothing can
save me from Sing Sing. If I get a new
trial I will be convicted as regularly as
I come np before a jury. I am not
ashamed of my labor career. I thought
I was right and followed my best Judg
ment. I have but one regret, and that Is
for my wife. She Is prostrated over my
troubles."
NEW YORK, Nov. 4.— Samuel Parks
from his cell In the prison 13 said to have
announced that he will resign as walking
delegate and 83 a member of the House
smiths* and Bridgemen's Union at Its
meeting Friday night. He says he is out
of the labor movement forever and de
clares he will not appeal from his convic
tion in the extortion cases for which he
recently was tried. He Is eager to serve
his prison term and Is not seeking balL
Labor Movement Forever.
Walking Delegate Says He Is Orit of
FARES GROWS DESPONDENT.
Men Who Are at. Head of Panama
Secession Movement.
LEADERS IN REVOLUTION.
NEW YORK, Nov. 4.— A. J. Arango was
formerly a Senator from Panama and is
local counsel for the Panama Railroad
Company. He Is an Influential Conserva
tive.
Frederico Boyd Is the son of an Amer
ican and nephew of the late James Boyd,
founder of the Panama Star and Herald.
Tomas Arias was Secretary of Finance
a few years ago." He belongs to the Con
servative party.
Emanuel Amador, Minister of Finance,
may be the son of Dr. Amador or the
doctor himself. If the latter, he is the
leading physician of Panama and a for
mer high official of that city and connect
ed with the Panama Railroad.
Carlos Mendoza, Minister of Justice, is a
lawyer and a politician of, the Liberal
party.
Micanorra de Obarrlo Jr., Minister of
War and Marine., is a young man of good
Concerning the Panama situation the
view is expressed on all sides that the
United States Is not unwilling to witness
the success of the revolution, which would
so greatly facilitate the successful carry
ins out of the canal scheme, and while
no newspaper expresses objection to such
a solution, some are inclined to believe
it would be best in the interest of civiliza
tion. In this case, however, it Is recog
nized that if not actually absorbed P.\n-
LONDON, Nov. 4.— The British Govern
ment has received a brief dispatch from
Its Minister at Bogota, Colombia, an
nouncing tbe revolution at Panama. The
present disposition of the British Foreign
Office Is to leave any policing that may
be necessary to the United States.
British Government Not to Interfere
at the Isthmus.
TRTJSTS TO UNITED STATES.
The revolution at Panama had been foreseen
for some time. It was brought on undeniably
by the failure o* the Colombian Congress to
ratify the canal treaty. The Department of
Panama Is naturally much interested in hav
ing the canal dug. It means prosperity for a
province which la now not only impoverished,
but not even stlf-suportlng. What Panama,
left to ftself, will do for funds Is a question.
Every twa weeks the Federal Government at
Ec^ota hag had to send money to Panama tn
crder to defray the expenses of the local ad
ministration. With this source of supply cut
off famine looms up as Inevitable.
Aside from the loss of money, a civil war at
this time would completely devitalize the
country. And yet. I don't see how the Bogota
Government can avoid it. It certainly will not
concede autonomy to Panama. The only way
In sight would seem to me to be the entering of
negotiations of the Government of Colombia,
with the Government of the United States for
a new canal treaty.
NEW YORK, Nov. 4.— Arturo de Gri
gard, Colombian Consul General in this
city, said to-day:
Colombian Consul General at New
York Savs Panama Will Starve.
REVOLUTION FORESEEN.
KINGSTON. Jamaica, Nov. 4. — The
American cruiser Atlanta is coaling with
all possible dispatch and will sail for the
Isthmus early to-morrow. Private advices
indicate that the Government of Colom
bia will make extraordinary efforts to
retain hold of the line of the proposed
canal.
Cruiser Atlanta Sails To-Day.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, Nov. 4.— The re
ceipt of the news of the proclamation
yesterday of the independence of th© Isth
mus of Panama caused excitement here.
It is reported here that some fighting
has already occurred.
The United States gunboat Dixie, with
a battalion of marines on board, sailed
for Panama last night after receiving ci
pher dispatches from the Government to
Washington. It is understood that Amer
ican marines will be landed on the ith
mus to guard the railroad.
The friends of Colonel Barrera, who re
cently landed In Colombia with a revolu
tionary party, expect that he will be
elected President of the republic of Pan
ama.
inian Railroad.
DIXIE SAILS WITH MARINES.
Blue Jackets Will Guard the Isth-
"I am not surprised at the news," he
said. "Over a year ago I predicted some
thing of the sort. Our people have long
been disgusted with the state of affairs
at Bogota— the general political corrup
tion and, finally, the rejection of the
canal treaty.
"My refusal to accept the place of Min
ister of the Treasury was largely due to
my lack of sympathy witn the policy of
the Government at Bogota. This move
ments looks very formidable."
NEW YORK. Nov. 4.— F. Mutis Duran.
who resigned as Governor of Panama last
September and was then offered the treas
ury portfolio by the central Government,
Is now in this city.
Former Governor of Panama De
nounces Bogota Government.
NOT STJBPRISED AT NEWS.
ma. Captain Shurtleff said that he had
just concluded that he was to settle down
for a stay of several weeks in San Diego
bay, when he received the orders to sail.
He had given directions that the fires
should be drawn beneath the boilers and
that certain portions of the machinery b«
overhauled. These orders were being
carried out when the rush orders to get
to sea arrived. It was necessary to ship
several sailors here to make up the com
plement and stores and water had to be
taken aboard. The captain says that he
expected to be back in this city before the
holidays.
The proclamation was unanimously ap
proved by the council. Everybody is sign-
Ing the act of Independence. The provi
sional government of Panama has noti
fied the agents of the steamship compa
nies not to accept Colombian passengers
for Colombian ports unless they can show
passports.
Colonel Torres agrees, if General Tovar
so advises, to embark the troops now at
Colon on the royal mall steamer Orinoco,
sailing for Carthagena to-morrow. The
presence of these troops here is now the
only difficulty In the way of the provi
sional government. All the troops have
moved a mile outside the town. Colom
bian Government reinforcements from
along the coast will not^be allowed to
land.
It was demonstrated that this is the mo
ment to cut the links which retard our civ
ilization, place obstacles In the way of our
progress, produce unhapptcess and render
nugatory the eeds of the present entity Into
which we have entered.
Uoved by the necessity of satisfying obliga
tions and of promoting within the bosoms of
the people respect for right and liberty, the
municipal council of the District cf Panama,
faithfully Interpreting the sentiments of the
people It represents, declares in solemn form
that the people within Its jurisdiction shall
from to-day and forevermore separate them
eelves from the republic of Colombia, and.
limiting to It the State of Panama, shall
create with the other populations of the State
of Panama who accept separation a repub
lic, this republic to have an Independent,
democratic and representative government to
assure the happiness of the natives and other
inhabitants of the Isthmian territory. In or
der particularly to give effect to this resolu
tion the people of Panama will have to eman
cipate themselves from the Government of
Colombia and found a nationality free from
the interference of foreign powers.
The municipality of the District of Panama,
In Its own name and that of other municipal
councils, commends the administration and
direction of affairs pending the constitution
of the new republic, to a junta composed of
Jose Augustin Arango. Ftederico Boyd and
Tomas Arias, to whom shall be delegated all
powers necessary for the fulfillment of the
duties commended to them in the name of
the country.
The municipality decides to call to Its open
council the population of the district and to
submit for Its sanction this action, which Is
signed by the dignitaries and members of -the
corporation.
PANAMA. Nov. 4.— Following Is an ex
tract from the document proclaiming the
independence of the isthmus of Panama:
This afternoon (Tuesday) at 3 o'clock the
municipality cf Panama assembled with the
exclusive purpose of deliberating on the sit
uation of the country and deciding on the
most convenient m&cner by which to promote
the tranquillity, development and greatness of
the populations constituting tie topographic
and political entity denominated the Isthmus
of Panama.
The councilors considered the historic eventfl
by virtue of which Panama divorced It3 des
tinies from those of Spain and spontaneously
united Its fortunes to those of the republic of
Colombia. Addresses were made establishing
the fact that in the union of the Isthmus with
old Colombia modern Colombia has not re
ceived the benefits which It expected. Par
ticular mention was made of the sre.it and
prolonged grievances from which the Isthmus
suffered under all governments of the nation
since the union. Instead of being treated In
a patriotic manner these grievances Increased
every day in number and Importance and were
forced with a blindness that killed in the
people of the Isthmus the affection they had
for their alliance with Colombia,
Text of Panama's Declaration of In
dependence.
SECESSION PBOCT.ATMATION.
These criers were the result cf the con
ferences that were held last night at the
White K~u=e between the President, Sec
retary Hay ar.d Assistant Secretary
Loomis z.r.z Acting Secretary of the Navy
Darling ar.i Ac— IraJ Taylor. It is not
dcubted that ender the authority thus
conferred the naval cormsanders will land
marines at the raiircad terminals and It
also is not doubted that Commander
Hutchison of the Nashville has already
grnts stakes the situation extremely com
plicated. That is cne reason conferences
are beir.s held and why it Is desirable
that the prat <xact Instructions possible
shall be sent to cur naval commanders
tni to the consular cScers on the isth
mus tc prevent them making any false
move that would put the United States
Government in a position of violaticn of
the treaty stipulations or displaying pow
er in derogation cf Colombia's just rights.
"You will protect American Interests at
•U points ar;J do everything possible to
2.vo;d bloodshed." is the substence cf the
dispatch cabled by the Navy Department,
Bl the instzr.ee cf the State Department,
to the naval commanders now at the
isthmus cr ct: their way.
The last part of the instructions is par-
UcoSarly Eis^-if-cant. fcr it forecasts a
more active interposition by the United
States Government in the troubles on the
isthmus than perhaps has ever before
been displayed.
Continued Froa. Page 1, Column 5.
The revolutionists finally decided upon
5 o'clock as the hour to proclaim the Inde
pendence of the isthmus, but a change oc
curred in the plans and word ¦was sent to
Santa Ana, where over 2000 men had con
gregated, for the revolutionists to dis
perse until 7 o'clock, but they were al
ready marching toward the Plaza Chiri
qui. cheering enthusiastically for the In
pendence of the isthmus. Thereupon
the dismal was given to General Huertas
of thr revolutionary forces, who. In the
name of the republic of Panama, arrest
ed G«-::cral Tovar and his staff and es
corted them to the police headquarters,
amidst wid crsi.-rir.s- for tne new repub
lic, for Dr. Amador and the other leaders
of the revolution. ,
The flag of the republic of Panama was
then formally hoisted. It consists of four
squares. The first upper square to the
left is blue; the first lower square to the
left is white, with a blue star in the cen
ter; the second upper square Is white,
with a red star In the center, and the
second lower square is red.
The cause of the re\-olution may be
briefly summed up a3 being the result
of the action of the Congress of Colom
bia In Bogota In rejecting the Hay-Her
ran canal trerty. The Panamalans are,
almost to a man, in favor of the con
struction of the canal by the United
States, and it repeatedly had been proph
esied before and after the meeting of
Congress that Panama would secede if
the treaty were rejected and probably
would come to terms with the United
States for the building of :he «reat Isth
mian waterway.
The revolutionary junta is composed of
Jose Augustln Arango Frederico Boyd
and Tomas Arias, who have charge of
the Government. The composition of the
provisional Cabinet Is as follows:
Minister of the Government, Eusbis
Morales.
Minister of Finance, Dr. Emanuel Ama
dor.
Minister of Foreign Relations, F. V.
de la Esprilla.
Mlnister of Public Instruction, N. Vic
toria.
Minister of Justice, Carlos Mendoza.
Minister of War and Marine. M. Oba
rio Jr.
While Dr. Amador was in conference
yesterday with Government ¦ generals the
officer who Is in command of the Govern
ment warship Bogota sent an ultimatum
to the revolutionists, giving them three
hours in which to restore the Colombian
Government, the time to expire at 10 p. m.
yesterday, but before receiving an answer
the Bogota began the bombardment of
Panama. Her flre was answered by the
guns of the town- forts and by those of
the gunboat Padilla, which had declared
in favor of the revolution. Shortly after
ward the Bogota left the bay, but as she
ha* little coal on board ehe will not be
able to go far.
Communication by telegraph with Bo
gota is interrupted.
General Tovar and General Amaya. who
arrived here with Amador from Colon,
the Governor of Panama and others,
were aware of the situation and they
went to the headquarters of the bat
talion of Colombian Guards .here, believ
ing they could prevail upon the soldiers
not to take part in the revolution.
troops, had arrived there from Savanilla
on the cruiser Carthegena, some of the
revolutionists became discouraged and it
seemed likely that the movement would
collapse. The more determined leaders of
the revolutionists called on Dr. Amador
and urged the taking of immediate ac
tion, while others advised postponing the
uprising. Dr. Amador was full of enthu
siasm and would" not listen to any pro
posals to postpone the outbreak until
later than Tuesday evening. This was
the situation throughout the afternoon
of Tuesday, when all of the revolutionists
were anxiously awaiting orders from Dr.
Amador.
PARIS. Nov. 4.— The Panama Canal
Company has received full advices on the
subject of the revolution In Panama. Will
iam Nelson Cromwell, general American
counsel for the Panama Canal Company,
who is now in this city, declined to make
a statement, but it is learned that the
company is not disturbed by the develop
ments in Panama, as the state of revolu
tion which exists does not affect the un
deniable rights of the company. More
over, even If the movement for indepen
dence is successful, it is pointed out that
the United States has formally recog
nized the legality of the company's con
cession and It Is not likely to throw over
the agreement made witn it, especially
when the relations with France would,
the company claims, thereby be affected.
The Foreign Office has received a dis
patch from Panama giving brief details
of the revolutionary rising there yester
day and saying that the general com
manding the Colombian forces at Panama
and the civil governor of that place were
among the notabilities held prisoners.
The revolutionary gathering occurred
at the Town Hall of Panama and was
bloodless. As the French Consul for
warded his dispatch the revolutionary
leaders of Panama were in session, draw-
Ing up a proclamation of independence,
declaring the separation of the isthmus
of Panama from Colombia.
The grave reDorts received from Pana
ma are being given the most serious at
tention of the officials here, owing to the
number of French residents on the isth
mus and the extent of French property
interests there, but thus far the Govern
ment has not taken action, as it does not
consfder that the revolutionary movement
seriously imperils French personal or
property rights. An official pointed out
that If any of these rights were imperiled,
France undoubtedly would take action.
The French Government continues to
consider the Panama canal as being a
purely private enterprise, but as entitled
to the same governmental protection as
any other property interest of French cit
izens. The officials say they have no pres
ent apprehension that the canal compa
ny's or any other property rights will be
injured by the uprising, as the indepen
dence of Panama cannot become effec
tive unless the powers recognize the new
ly established sovereignty. The case of
Roumania throwing off Turkish sover
eignty is cited. Roumania not becoming;
independent until the powers recognized
the new sovereignty.
Does Not Segard Situation as Neces
» sitating Action.
ATTITUDE OF FRANCE.
The Times this morning say3 that Co
lombia seems to have brought the revo
lution on her head by wanton procrastina
tion in regard to the canal treaty.
The Post says: "Panama doubtless
counts on the friendliness of the United
States, which can hardly fail to manifest
Itself, since both governments are at
Issue with Colombia. An alliance arising
in such Interesting circumstances may
easily become permanent."
PORT AU PRINCE, Haytl. Nov. 4.—
About 150 houses were destroyed by fire at
Jennie, Haytl, on Monday.
ama would become practically an Amer
ican sphere of influence.
Big Tire Does Damage in Hayti.
1 placed a marine gtard ashore at Colon
j to protect the military property and that
the other commanders will take the same
action when they arrive.
With the Atlanta, Dixon and Nashvilie
theft will be a naval force on the gulf
elde of the Isthmus sufficient to meet any
probable emergency. The presence of the
*•» Colombian Government troops at
Colon makes the situation there at pres
i ent more difficult than on the Panama
t side. It is the opinion cf some of the of
' Scials here, however, that these troops,
having been deprived of their general of
; fleers by capture, will surrender without
j bloodshed, and. perhaps, join the revolu
i tion; but if the Government troops hold
out and maintain possession of Colon, it
probably will oblige the United States to
take temporary possession cf the rail
way again, as traffic cannot be mairi-
J tained with one end of the line in pos
session of the Government forces and the
I other in the hands of the revolutionists.
The effect of such seizure of the road
would be to prevent the movement of any
body cf troops carrying arms from one
side of the isthmus to the other. It is
fortunate for the revolutionists that they
; were in practical possession of the isth
j mus when the first of the United States
j r.aval forces arrived, for one cf the stand*
: ing rules of the navy in such cases is to
> maintain the status quo.
During the day a telegram was received
| at the State Department from the New
i York management cf the Panama Rail
1 road Company f tating that the property
', cf that company was in danger and ask
j ing for protection. In addition a message
j came from the cable company, saying, in
; effect, that there was no telegraphic corn
j municaticn for points in Colombia out
side cf Panama and Colon by way of the
isthmus. It is assumed that the revolu
tionists had cut the inland communica
tions so as to prevent the Government at
Bogota obtaining knowledge as to what
was occurring on the isthmus and it was
expected that the effect would b© to em
barrass the Colombian Government in its
military movement.
There arc at the stations named on the
Atlantic coast, approximately, the follow
ing number cf marines: Norfolk, 20);
League Island, 300; New York, 200; Wash
ington, SCO; Boston, 200; Portsmouth, N.
H., 100; Annapolis, 150. In a case of emer
gency 800 or more of these could be spared
for sen-ice on the isthmus and should a
greater emergency arise arrangements
necessarily would be completed making
practically the entire force available for
duty in Panama. At Port Royal and
Charleston only small detachments are
stationed, just sufficient to meet the needs
of those two stations. On the Pacific
; Coast the marine force has been reduced
: to a email number.
Dr. Thomas Herran, the Colombian
Chnrge. is yet without official advices
frcrn the isthmus or Bogota concerning
the revolution. He said:
"When 1 receive information from my
Government I shall have something to
say. I co not believe the officials in Bo
gota have yet heard of the revolt, for \
a.s the Government officials en the Isth
mus were arrested without warning there
is probably no person there to keep Bo
gota informed."
10 "^^ warshJ P Bogota was
boug ht by Dr. Herran in Seattle more
than a year ago. and. with an American
officer in command, was armed, equipped
and sent down to isthmian waters for use
on the Pacific side. She has 1400 tons dS!
?Ht C l? eat - Carrie f a fairIy heav >- sheath
ing cf armcr and a battery of one four
teen-pounder six pounder and two ma
chine rapid-fire guns. She Is now com
manded by a Colombian.
The Carthagena. at Colon, is a warship
bought from the Sultan of Morocco and i
Bogota'' 6^' Wa> * a SUperior boat 4 ° j
mm MARINES LAND IN MM,
STROUD, Ont., Nov. 4.— Nine miles
southwest of Stroud an unknown man
rode up to the house of Mrs. Ames, shot
and killed Mrs. Ames and the hired man,
Henry Jackson, and seriously wounded
Miss Ames, aged 19 years, shooting her
in the shoulder. The murderer escaped.
No motive is known.
Wholesale Murder in Canada.
A Tokio correspondent of the Times
say? that General Haighawora has now
been courteously admitted to Yongampho
and given every facility by the Russian
commander. He reports that it Is impos
sible to say that there Is any fort there,
as no guns have been mounted and the
position is a very bad one, but the solid
construction of the building Indicates that
a permanent occupation Is Intended.
family. He was bora in New York of Co
lombian parents.
B. de la Bapriella Is a prominent law
yer.
The Standard's Tientsin correspondent
says that the Viceroy of Kwangsi has
telegraphed to Peking offering assistance
in the event of hostilities against Russia.
General Ma. with 2000 troops, has gone
to Shanhaikwan. The Chinese Govern
ment, says the correspondent, is greatly
annoyed by the receipt of telegrams from
Urga saying that Russian soldiers are
stopping the Chinese traffic there and
building forts.
The Dally Mall's correspondent cables
that 10,000 Russian troops have occupied
Moukden.
ST. PETERSBURG. Nov. 4.-A dispatch
from Port Arthur announces that Vice
roy Alexieff has returned there from Ta
lienwan, where he went to inspect the
Russian fleet.
LONDON, Nov. 4.— The Russian-Japan
ese nesotiations have-not yet been com
pleted, but from the dispatches received
to-day the British Government believes
that a satisfactory decision will very
shortly be reached.
The Dowager Empress has dispatched
Yuan Shihkal, Viceroy of Chili province,
to Moukden with instructions to investi
gate affairs there and arrange a settle
ment if possible. Yuan Shih Kai was not
willing to go and doubts the success of
his mission.
PEKING, Nov. 4.— Na Tung has been
appointed President of the Foreign Of
fice, succeeding Xhe aged Wang Wen
Shao, who Is transferred to the Board of
Revenue.
TOKIO. Nov. 4.— Reports from Peking
say Russia now threatens to assume sole
charge of the Government of Manchuria
unless China promptly dismisses Yuen,
the Taotai of Moukden, and decapitates
another mandarin who recently punished
disorderly Chinese bandits \n Russian em
ploy. This, together with the confirma
tion of the reports of the reoccupation of
Moukden by the Russians and the seizure
of Governor Tsang, causes intense indig
nation her© as not conforming with Rus
sia's pacific declarations.
WASHINGTON", Nov. 4.— The Japanese
Minister has received an official state
ment regarding the alleged dealings be
tween the officials of the Japanese con
sulate at Manila and the Insurgent leader
Trias, as reported by General MacArthur
In December, 1300. The statement says
that the subject was Investigated by the
Japanese. Government and it was learned
that Hoajo of the Japanese consulate at
Manila met Trias accidentally on a pleas
ure trip and was introduced to him by a
fellow traveler. In conversation Trias
said that the insurgents were In need of
arms and ammunition; that If they could
obtain a supply sufficient for the equip
ment of from S00O to 10,000 men it would
be an easy matter to drive the American
troops out cf the islands and ultimately
to secure independence, and that If Japan
would assist the Insurgents by supplying
arms and ammunition the right to estab
lish a permanent coaling station, freedom
of trade and railway franchises would be
conceded. He then Inquired how Hoajo
thought the Japanese Government would
regard such a proposition.
Hoajo said that he had no authority to
discuss the matter in his official capacity,
but that his private opinion was that It
would be absolutely impossible for Japan
to consider such a proposition, or to ren
der any assistance whatever to the in
surgents, and he added he thought the
wisest course was submission to Ameri
can authority.
The United States Minister at Tokio
was notified of the facts revealed by the
investigation and of the resultant action
and the reply received from him was that
the United States Government regarded
the incident as finally closed.
Also Demands Dismissal of
Yuen, the Taotai of
Mukdea.
Washington Government Ac
cepts the Tokio Version
of the. Affair.
.Threatens to Seize Reins
in Manchuria if
Refused.
Denies Alleged Dealings
With the Filipino
Insurgent.
JAPAN EXPLAINS
TRIAS INCIDENT
RUSSIA WANTS
MANDARIN'S HEAD
THE SA2s FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 5. 1903.
3
Some new and strikingly novel things
in the picture line and subjects never
shown here before. All the latest finishes
in moldings to frame any picture ap-
propriately. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741
Market street •
ADVEBTISEHEXTS. ___^
AND —OTHERS.
The better class of druggists, everywhere, are men of scientific attainments and high integrity,
who devoto their lives to the welfare of their fellow men in supplying the best of remedies and
purest medicinal agents of known value, in accordance with physicians' prescriptions and
Fcieniific formula. Druggists of the better class manufacture many excellent remedies, but
always under original or officinal names and they never sell false brands, or imitation medicines.
They are the znbn to deal with when in need of anything in their line, which usually includes
all standard remedies and corresponding adjuncts of a first-class pharmacy and the finest and
best of toilet articles and preparations and many useful accessories and remedial appliances.
The earning of a fair living, with the satisfaction which arises from a knowledge of the benefits
conferred upon their patrons and assistance to the medical profession, is usually their greatest
reward for long years of Etudy and many hours of daily toil. They all know that Syrup of
Figs is an excellent laxative remedy and* that it gives universal satisfaction, and therefore they
are selling many millions of bottles annually to the well informed purchasers of the choicest
remedies, and they always take pleasure in handing out the genuine article bearing the full
name of the Company — California Fig Syrup Co. — printed on the front of every package.
They know that in cases of colds and headaches attended by biliousness and constipation and
of weakness or torpidity of the liver and bowels, arising from irregular habits, indigestion, or
over-eating, that there "is no other remedy so pleasant, prompt and beneficial in its effects as
Syrup of Figs, and they are glad to sell it because it gives universal satisfaction.
Owing to the excellence of Syrup of Figs, the universal satisfaction which it gives and the
immense demand for it, imitations have been made, tried and condemned, but there are
individual druggists to be found, here and there, who do not maintain the dignity and principles
of the profession and whose greed gets the better of their judgment, and who do not hesitate
to recommend and try to sell the imitations in order to make a larger profit. Such preparations
sometimes have the name — <{ Syrup of Figs" — or "Fig Syrup" and of some piratical concern,
or fictitious fig syrup company, printed on the package, but they never have the full name of
the Company — California Fig Syrup Co. — printed on the front of the package. The imitations
should be rejected because they are injurious to the system. In order to sell the imitations
they find it necessary to resort to misrepresentation or deception, and whenever a dealer passes
o5 on a customer a preparation under the name of ''Syrup of Figs" or "Fig Syrup," which
does not bear the full name of the California Fig Syrup Co. printed on the front of the package,
he is attempting to deceive and mislead the patron who has been so unfortunate as to enter his
establishment, whether it be large or small, for if the dealer resorts to misrepresentation and
and deception in one case he will do so with other medicinal agents, and in the filling of
physicians' prescriptions, and should be avoided by every one who values health and happiness.
Knowing that the great majority of druggists are reliable, we supply the immense demand
for our excellent remedy entirely through the druggists, of whom it may be purchased every-
where, in original packages only, at the regular price of fifty cents per bottle, but as exceptions
exist it is necessary to inform the public of the facts, in order that all may decline or . return
any imitation which may be sold to them. If it does not bear the full name o! the Company —
California Fig Syrup Co" — printed on the front of every package, do not hesitate to return the
article and to demand the return of your money, and in future go to one of the better class ot
druggists who will sell you what you wish and the'best of everything in his line at reasonable prices.
A'nvTr R -TTyp.TVT'PTn*3.
Deputy Sheriff
rlorns of Indiana y^ll^^^^^:!!^
'was afflicted with £iw§^ ¦ \\i|^v
Deafness, Weak »| ! gr Wi If^
Eyes, Cough, Sore |;| 4 S?|gJ
Throat— all Symp- |ii!H %m ||;;:||
toms of Catarrh. ¦ w$fe A\
Pe=ru=na Cured J^||l ddjj^K 0$^m
'((ill •^\^V^^^K^/f November weather causes
v\V(f \ \s 10ML catarrh. Keep a bottle of
I// fifil^ PERUIVA on hand fc o use
j * ¦ V\ u P° n thc fi rs t appearance
l^^^^^^^^^^^^^ °f a coW - Catarrh is only
a neglected, chronic cold.
Mr. Raymond J. Morris. Deputy Sheriff of Floyd County. In a letter
from New Albany. Indiana, says:
"Last winter I contracted a most distressing cold. It affected my hearing,
my eyes run and my head was all stopped up and I coughed until my throat was
raw and sore. A druggist who was a personal friend asked me to try Ptruna
and I reluctantly did so. Usually all patent medicines nauseated me, but I was
pleased to find that this was an exception and that it soon relieved me. Within
eight days I was cured and in addition felt better and stronger than I had done
for some time. Since that time I have used it off and on and find that it not only
cures colds and all catarrhaf affections but that it acts as a splendid appetizer.
If the system becomes worn out or the nerves unstrung, Peruna ccts as a f.ns
tonic, relieves the tension and induces rest and renewed health. It is a fine
remedy calculated to relieve young and old. and I heartily endorse it."— Raymond
J. Morris, Deputy Sheriff.
A United States Consul Endorses , sight taste, smell, hearine. digestion.
o ¦ secretion, assimilation ar.d excretion. It
re-ru-na. pervades every part of the human body
\Z _ . , _ rv _:".i. — head, throat, stomach, bowels, bron-
Hon. Chas. Bouchsein. Consul of the chial tubes, lungs, liver, kidreys. blad-
United States of America to Barmen, <jer and sexual orgars
Germany, in a recnt letter from Wash- Catarrh is the cause of at least one-
lngton. D. C, writes: half of the ills to which the human fain-
"I cheerfully Join with my many ily is subject. Is there r.o way to
friends in their g-ood opinion of Peruna escape from it? There is.
as an effective remedy for catarrh and Peruna never fails to cure a cold. Pe-
colds." — -Chas. Bouchsein. rur;a never falls to cure catarrh- in the
Men of prominence all over the United first stagv. Peruna cures catarrh in the
States are recommending Peruna. Over second stage, nine cases out of ten. Pe-
flfty members of Congress have written runa cures catarrh in its last and worst
their endorsement of it. Scores of other stages in the majority of cases, ar.d
government officials speak in high praise never fails to benefit every case, how-
of iC Thousands of people in the hum- ever bad.
bier walks of life rely upon it as a fam- Peruna also cures la grippe, coughs.
ily medicine. Send for free book of and consumption in the first stages with
testimonials. unfailing certainty.
There are some things which are as If you do not receive prompt ar.d sat-
sure as fate and can be relied on to oc- isfactory results from the use of Peruna
cur to at least one-half of the human write at once to Dr. Hartmaa. giving a
family unless means are taken to pre- full statement of your case and he will
vent. be pleased to give you his valuable ad-
First, the climate of fall and winter is vice gratis.
sure to bring colds; second, colds not Address Dr. Hartman. President of
promptly cured are sure to cause ca- The Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus. O.
tarrh: third, catarrh improperly treated A book on the care of throat and lung
is sure to make life short and miserable, diseases, and catarrh in all stages and
Catarrh spares no organ or function of varieties, sent free to any address by
the body. It is capable of destroying The Peruna Medicine Co.. Columbus, <X
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Trying Weather
Puts extra stress on yoxir linen, but
if it's handled by TJ. S. methods 'twill
present a respectable appearance long
after others' work has gone "out of
service.'*
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
OmCH 1004 MABIIT STBEET,
N>ar Powell.
|^|feg|ps|&ff!a3| keep a jar o* the
m ¦ ' ¦' »*-J
OF BEEF always at hand both for fla-
voring soups and sauces as well as for
making that handy cup of hot beef tea,
will oblige by sending her address to
Corneille David & Co., 105 Hudson St..
New York, N. Y. She will receive free,
a useful cook book.
2 visit DR. JORDAN'S great d
{HUSEUH OF AHflTOHY^
\ Tie Largest Aaium^il Mascesi ia t!w \
V World. h:ur.n«n c» iny comrac?e4 A
i. {E5SN toew yMiiUilr nrwl oy :1m dihs f
0 IgS* iftr-ixaiiCou: Ejz.'4yean. Q
A l^ffi C3. JORDAH-BISEASES CF MEM i
\ ffihjblt C»vi:us«a fiffs «ad ttrkthr private \
§ I Jji£n T-«»ncrot penos^'y rt b» sr:r.v A §
\ I » Ml ****** Cm ca every ca.« mderakca. T
mFl Hff Wrte f-r 3o«k. PIILOVOfOT *f j
t * J 1 » atAatmiASE. mai^zs vxu. uf
1 jj [J »» *xsi- t<>c tor a»*a; \
V DC JOBDA5 * CO. ICSI HArketSt.S. F. V
CUTLERY
EVERV BUDEL\SftRRANTED
1 Always Remember the Poll .Name
f axatiye promo Q T rmne
Cores a CoM in One Day, Grip in 2 Day*
(9. ffi&rtnFUefi toHsc
SEW ADVERTISEMENTS,
CHANGING SENTIMENT.
Oliver GcldEnith's '•Deserted Vil-
lage.'' •
Goldsmith, ia his "Deserted Village,"
spoke of a certain chapel where those
w|-.o "went to Bcci!, remained to pray. '
Eo in life one often laughs at what he
does not understand, and later, when he
does understand his laugh turns to
¦ praise. There were some who doubted
the merits of Newbro's '"Herpicide." the
scalp perrsicide and hair-dressing; but
Since they have tried it, they are now
among its best friends and strongest en-
dorsers. Herpicide kills the germ that
eats the hair o£T at the root, and the hair
then grows again. As a hair dressing it
Is incomparable. Try it. Sold by leading
druepr'.Fts. Fend 10c in stamps for sam-
ple to The Herpicide Co.. Detroit. Mich.
BEERS
Famous the World
Over— FulljLMatured.
* *Sotd EterpVherti i
' EILEEKT MERCANTILE CO..
I pacilc Coaxt Axesta. '
AN ARROW J^
j y^ANTAB- M A"
4^r MADE fN QUARTER SIZES
/ff^-^l* CTS .EACH O«? TWO FOR 25 CTS.
M^^ZVJZTT, F£*S" • <t CO., V«».£=«
Money back says: Schilling's
I>cst whatever you want is
fight ; if you don't think so,
¦
vour grocer returns your
npneyi and that's the en-.
of it.RETURNS OF VOTE BY
ASSEMBLY DISTRICTS
OFFICIALS WHO WILX. ?EBVE
THE CITY FOR THE NEXT
TWO TEAR8.
ASSEMBLY Total vote
DISTRICT. Schmitz. Crocker. Lane. Polled.
Twenty-eighth ... 1,382 653 . 577 2,758
Twenty-ninth-... 2,077 661 523 3>43°
Thirtieth 2,152 671 727 3,^79
Thirty-first .v~.. 2,132 624 536 3.355
Thirty-second .... 1,842/ 770 684 3.386
Thirty-third .,... i,493 4^3 4 21 2 >44 6
Thirty-fourth .... 1,367 1,041 751 3.214
Thirty-fifth . . ... 1,197. . I » 28 2 j 77° 3.3°6
Thirty-sixth 1.744 968 741 3.600
Thirty-seventh ... 1,219 1,799 1,108 4,165
Thirty-eighth ...." 1,324 1,681 97° 4><>94
Thirty-ninth ..... 1,262 1,016' 533 2,882
•Fortieth 658 1,646 • 7 J 5 3.051
Forty-first ....... 1,049 *»3*9 6 37 3»°47.
Forty-second 1.363 M57 8Sl 3.776
Forty-third ...*,. 1,039 i»5 2a 7 6 3 3.390
Forty-fourth .•*.. 1,210 1,360 7°4 3.4°2
Forty-fifth ...— .. 1,506 - 668 537 2,786
: Totals ....... 26,016 19,621 I 12,578 59.767
Schmitz's plurality, 6395.
NEW YORK. Nov 4.— The resignation of
Verj'l Prerton, third vice president of the
United States Btvcl Corporation, was announced
here to-day. The resignation -was accepted
an! th* pctltlcn of third vice president abol
lsbed. ¦;,-¦...:
Crocker asked was fair play and hands
off.
The Democratic managers, looking
ahead to the campaign of 1904, are al
ready tendering - bouquets to Mayor
Schmitz. If our versatile Mayor, our
reigning Mayor and' our- Mayor-elect
should go to the Democratic National
Convention as a delegate from California
let prayers be offered that he will taka
Huef along: and lose Kim.
WILL PETITION FOB
NEW STBEET CBOSSINGS
Point Lobos Improvement Club to
• Ask" Board' of Public Works to
Better District. <
The Point-Lobos Improvement Club met
last night /at Richmond Hall, corner of
Fourth avenue and Clement street. H.
U. Jaudln presided.
A large number of the property owners
of the district were present and street im
provement was discussed. The advisabil
ity of narrowing the sidewalks and bl
tuminizing Clement street from First ave
nue to Sixth street was discussed. Com
mittees appointed to interview the various
property owners of the street reported
that they had met with much opposition
on the part of some. The objections were
that the levy on the property owner would
be more than ho could at this time stand.
After; much discussion the matter was
laid over.
Eetltlons were drawn up to be presented
to the Board of Public Works asking that
bltuxni&ized crossings be put in at the
corners of Clement and Second," Third,
Fourth, Fifth and Sixth avenues, and
that brick cesspools be constructed at the
corners above mentioned, where there axe
none existing now.
A petition for a new fire alarm box at
the corner of Second avenue and C street
will be presented to the Board of Fire
Commissioners.
The officers of the club are: H. TJ. Jau
dln, president; G. M. Baum, first vice
president; "William M. do Wolf, second
vice president; P. J. Ward, treasurer; J.
J. Cassldy, financial secretary; Dr. H. A.
Nlemeyer, recording secretary, 602 Clem
ent street; Captain Paul Leonhardt, ser
geant at arms; George R. Fletcher (chair
man), O. K. Cushlng, R. A. Vance, James
M. Wllkins, B. Ginley, V. E. Winchell,
G. A. Blank, G. S. Baum, William M. de
Wolf. Dr. H. A- Xiemeyer, J. J. Cassldy
(secretary), 656 Ninth avenue, executive
committee.
THE finish of the count shows that
the Republicans elect seven Super
visors, the Auditor, Treasurer, Tax
Col ector. County Clerk and City
Attorney. The Democrats elect ten Su
pervisors, the Sheriff, Asspssor, Recorder,
Public Administrator, District Attorney,
Coroner and the two Police Judges. The
Union Labor party elects the Mayor and
one Supervisor.
Returns show that Franklin K. Lane
carried one precinct in the city. That
precinct is v the Thirteenth of the Thirty
ninth Assembly District and is known as
the Almshouse precinct. The vote stands:
Lane 78. Schmitz 55 and Crocker 42. Lane's
the man that swept the precinct.
¦ The three Grand Army men nominated
by the Republican convention were de
feated—Horace Wilson for Supervisor,
TVilliam E. Lutz for Public Administrator
ei.d General E. S. Salomon for District
Attorney. "Wilson and Lutz belong to
George H. Thomas Post. General Salo
mon is a member of Garfleld Post. Every
veteran in the field fell on the firing line.
The Bahrs volunteers did not cover
themselves with glory in the engagement
la?t Tuesday. Their conduct in the field
fiwws the danger of depending upon raw
and undisciplined troops. The volunteers
Ftarted to the front vrithout supplies or
ammunition. There were so many con
r.'.ftins orders and so much confusion that
tho alignment of the forces was not es
tablished until the polls had closed and
the battle was over. The roster of the
army is somewhere at campaign head
quarters.
In the election last Tuesday Henry J.
Crocker carried the Thtrty-nfth, Thlrty
peventh. Thirty-eighth. Fortieth, Forty
first, Forty-second. Forty-third and For
ty-fourth Assembly districts. The Call
predicted that he would win in all these
districts and also in the Thirty-ninth.
The last named district, however, gave a
small plurality for Schmitz.
LANES BACKING.
The Call predicted that Bchmltz would
carry the Twenty-ninth. Thirtieth, Thirty
first. Thirty-second, Thirty-third, Thlrty
eixlh and Forty-filth districts. He car
ried all these, together with the Twenty
e'.ghth. Thirty-fourth and Thirty-ninth.
Martin Kelly is a back number. He failed
to carry the Twenty-eighth for Lane. As
predicted in The Call, Lane did not carry
one Assembly district, but it is impossible
at this time to determine which contribu
ted most to this Inglorious finish, his
morning newspaper or his evening organ.
Crocker ran ahead of Lane in every As
sembly district of the city but one. In
the Thirtieth District Lane ran slightly
ahead of his Republican competitor.
The Fortieth District wins the Republi
can banner. It gave Crocker more votes
than it gave for Schmitz and Lane com
bined. Crocker received 1646 votes. Lane
715 and Bchmitz C8.
In the Forty-flirt District, where- Crock
er, Schmitz and Lane reside, the vote was
light. Crocker received 1213, Schmitz 1049
and Lone C37.
Future events will determine whether
the liquor dealers of San Francisco acted
wisely in bringing the trade Into politics.
They were strongly advised by eminent
dealers to keep out and withhold any
kind of action that would tend to force
the issue on the existing political parties
of this State.
LIQUOB. INTEBESTS STBONG.
The assertion ia made in the political
camps that the liquor men went to
6chnlta"e.t the- eleventh hour. All that
The weight of the local liquor Influence
Is shown In the vote for Thomas F. Finn,
one of the candidates for Supervisor on
the Union Labor ticket. The California
Liquor Dealers' Association and the Royal
Arch indorsed elxteen of tho Supervisorial
candidates. . The only Union Labor candi
date indorsed was Thomas F. Finn, and
he received 1S.O00 votes^or about 4000 more
than the averaco of the Labor ticket.
Elements other than th© favor of' liquor
dealers may have enhancer! Mr. Finn's
vote, but It Is generally conceded that
this Indorsement brought him in ahead of
h!s assoda-tes on the Labor ticket.
THOSE WHO WILL
SERVE THE CITY
Mayor,
EUGENE E, SCHMTZ (IT. I*).
Auditor,
HAEEY BAEHB (B.)./
1 City Attorney,
PEBCY V. LONG (IL).
Sheriff,
PETES J. CUBTIS (!>.).
' Assessor,
WASHINGTON DODGE (D.).
Tax Collector,
EDWABD J. SMITH (B.).
Treasurer,
JOHN E. McDOTJGALD (B,).
Becorder,
EDMUND GODCHATJX (D.).
County Clerk,
JOHN J. GBEIF (B.).
District Attorney,
LEWIS F. BYITTOTON (D.).
Coroner,
T. B. W. LELAND (D.).
Public Administrator,
It. J. HYNES (D.).
Police Judges,
GEOBGE H. CABANISS (D.),
EDMUND P. 3&0GAN (D.).
Supervisors, Bepublican,
GEOBGE ALPEBS,
FBED N. BENT,
CHABLES BOXTON,
FBED EGGEBS,
THEODOBE LTJNSTEDT,
L. A- BEA,
W. W. SANDEBSON.
Supervisors, Democratic,
JAMES P. BOOTH,
H. U. BBANTJENSTEIN,
SAMUEL BBAUNHABT,
A. COMTE JB.,
JOHN CONNOB,
A. A. D'ANCONA,
HENBY PAYOT,
EDWARD B. BOCK,
BOBEBT J. LOUGHEBY,
GEOBGE B. McCLELLAN.
Supervisor, Union Labor,
THOMAS F. FINN.
Zjoee by Paying a Check.
A man about 83 years of age went into
the store of Carroll, Til ton & Co., 811
Market street, yesterday morning and
asked them . to cash a check for $27 for
him. The check was drawn on the San
Francisco National Bank, signed by John
C. Lemner and made payable to John
Whitney. He got J24 . on . the check and
the firm found it was worthless. The po
lice were notified. .
A small army of officeholders is des
tined to lose positions as a result of
Mayor Schroitz's re-election, since he will
control a majority of the members of
the 'various boards and commissions be
ginning from. January 8 next. The up
heavals will be especially heavy in the
Boards of Health and of Public Works,
where Casey had formed combinations
against Schmitz, who had appointed him
Commissioner of Works.
Probably the first act of the new Com
missioner of Works will be to form ¦ an
alliance with Commissioner Herbert
Schmitz, the Mayor's brother, and de
pose Casey, as president of the Board of
Works, In- that event Casey will no
longer be ex-oflicio member of the Board
of Health, and Mayor Schmitz therefore
will also assume control of tho last named
board. 'Yi'^'-'v ....
In all likelihood Health Officer O'Brien
will be superseded by Dt. John F. Dillon,
who was defeated for. Coroner. Dillon
would have been . appointed long ago if
Casey * had etood . by Schmitz. Among
others In the Department of Health -who
will feel the keen edge of the official ax
are City Chemist Green, Superintendent
W. J. Kelly of the Almshouse, Dr. B.
McElroy, resident physician of th© City
and County Hospital, and Chief Surgeon
Bunnell of the Emergency Hospitals.
Nicholas Jortall, secretary of the Board
of Public Works who owes his •appoint
ment to Casey t will take the Initiative
in separating himself from a salary of
$150 per month. He stated yesterday that
he would succumb to the inevitable and
resign from the position on December 31
next. Others who are In Jeopardy are
City Engineer Grunsky and City j Archi
tect Cuthbertson. )
The term of Registrar "Walsh will ex
pire on January 8 next, and Schmitz will
name his successor. Powel Fredrick, who
wai defeated, for County Clerk, can have
the position if he wants it, or he may be
appointed to succeed Jortall as secretary
of the Board of Public "Works.
Of course, there is a large number of
minor positions not governed by civil ser
vice that will be vacated to make room
for Schmitz's appointees.
The fact that ten Democratlo Super
visors were elected Insures the retention
ofXTharleB "W. Fay as clerk and the pres
ent force of assistant clerks, all of whom
have given general satisfaction in the
handling of the city's business.
LIMA, Peru. Nov. 4.— Alfred" McCune, an
American capitalist; Julius Normand and Bu
srenlo Lorrabure-tJnanua . have mads an of
fer to th© Government to construct a railroad
from Lima to Pisco in conformity with the law
recently pasted, guaranteeing Interest oa the
Investment at tb« rat« Of 7 fitt. cent. :?¦¦
Schmitz' Re-election Af
fects Small Army of
Officeholder
MANY PLACES
IN JEOPARDY
Passes Worthless Check.
John Cooper was booked at the City
Prison yesterday by Detective George Me
Mahon on the felony charge of passing a
fictitious check. He -went into E. Grant's
saloon at Kearny and Jackson streets last
Thursday night and -was paid C5 oif a
check, -which proved to be worthless.
When arrested by McMahon Cooper
showed fight and they rolled over each
other down the front steps of the Hall of
Justice. Cooper had a book of blank
checks in bis pocket,
ACCORDING to the count in the
Registrar's office of complete
semi-official returns of Tuesday's
election, the candidates on the sev
eral tickets are accredited respectively
with votes as herewith enumerated:
Mayor.
Eugene E. Schmitz. U. L 28.01S
Henry J. Crocker. R 19.621
Franklin K. Lane, D 12.573
I Frank R. Whitney, S...... l. 09^
Schmitz's plurality •• 6 > 395
Auditor.
Harry Baehr. R 28.KO
Frank Conklin, U. L. li&0
William Broderick. L> H.4&J
W. H. Ross, S !' 4S7
Baehr's plurality u - i01
City Attorney.
Percy V. Long-. R 2 2 - 505
William G. Burke. U. L. 15,51:1
W. W. Sanderson, D lo - 3n
Leslie Brown, S **JJ
Long's plurality 6 > 90 -
Sheriff.
Peter J. Curtis, D.-U. L. 33.332
Henry H. Lynch, R •**•»
Louis I. Salinger. S 1
Curtis' plurality 10 ; 110
Assessor.
Washington Dodge. D 35,437
George H. Bahrs, R lb - 01 ~
Charles Herold, S t **»
Dodge's plurality UU-j
Tax Collector.
Kdward J. Smith, R 20-—-'
Miles L. Farland. U. L "-*. I
John T. Vlnal. D 10 - 6 °-
George Williams. S I- 80 *
Smith's plurality 1O '°^ D
Treasurer.
John E. McDougald. R.-U. L, 41.623
W. M. Hinton, D I 2 - 1 ' 10
John Messer. S
McDougald's plurality 23.^
Recorder.
Edmond Godchaux. D 24,9O<>
John C. Williams, U. L. ".6v»
Louis N. Jacobs, R "- 201
S. Schmulowitz, S Mw
Godchaux's plurality 10,233
• . County Clerk.
John J. Greif, R 23.R63
Powel Fredrick, U. L WO
Alfred W. Wehe, D 11,037
Andrew Sorenson, S l.WZ
Greif's plurality 7,SCo
District Attorney.
Lewis F. Byinston, D.-U. I* 33.734
Edward S. Salomon, R 15.067
J. B. Wells. S 1.645
Byington's plurality 21,667
Coroner.
T. B. W. Leland, D 23,867
John F. Dillon. U. L 16.360
Thomas H. Morris. R 12.234
S. J. B. Shultz, S 1,540
Leland's plurality » 9,«S
Public Administrator.
M. J. Hynes. D 24.857
William E. Lutz, R..; 17.313
J. J. Connolly. U. L 12.2SI
J. M. Sutherland, S... UBSX
Hynes' plurality 7,312
Supervisors.
REPUBLICAN.
L. A. Rea. R.-U. L 30,013
Charlea Boxton 22.913
Fred Eggers 21,845
Fred N. Bent 20.531
Theodore Lunstedt 20,527
W. W. Sanderson 19.54S
George Alpers .. 13.013
Maxwell McNutt 17.52S
Edward H. Algeltinger. XfcZia
Robert Vance 16.S33
Joseph S. Nyland 16.S21
Horace Wilson 16.63S
George R. Wells 16.5.-.3
Maurice L. Asher 1S,«.'5
George Dietterle 13.RS0
William Barton 13,014
Thomas C. Duff 14.31O
J. L Stephen 13,910
DEMOCRATIC.
Samuel Rj-aunhart 22.9S4
A. Comte Jr .^r.. 22,52:5
H. U. Brandensteln 22.207
A. A. d'Ancona 21.3S1
Edward R. Rock 20,621
Henry Payot 20,472
John Connor , 19,415
James P. Booth J 1S.S3.S
George B. McClellan .:. 13.0fi3
Robert J. Loughery 17.977
Oscar Hocks 17.913
John A. Lynch 17,53 1
Fred A. Grazer M.3S3
Frank J. Grace 16.332
Edward II. Gleason 16.273
Carl Westerfeld 16.10S
John Barnett 13.0S4
Carey Friedlander 11,983
SOCIALIST.
Bruce A. Meyer M 1,672
Oscar Johnson............................ 1,571
I. Rosenblat 1.563
Charles Ott 1,561
A. G. Chamberlln 1,535
S. Rothenstein 1.547
L. W. Lindgren....i 1,541
Oswald Seifert 1.34;>
George Nlsbet 1,537
William Costley 1.537
J. C. Wesley 1.521
A. J. Oliver 1.480
A. J. Sivelle 1.47G
George Knauft 1.472
Hugo Lotzln 1,463
I. Shenkan 1.426
Olous Gafvert 1,423
A. Schlleper 1,420
TJNION LABOR.
Thomas F. Finn .19,033
Edward I. Walsh 17.653
M. W. Coffey 17.231
Fred W. Meyer 13.931
Harry A. Knax 13.S46
J. J. Furey 13.511
M. J. Kerrigan . .....15,283
Charlss A. Siskron J4.S2O
J. F. Jewell U634
W. J. Holman '. 14.331
John Rutherford 14.2S3
E. W. Kent 14,270
C. F. Buckley •*• 14.182
T. J. Clancy 14,041
James Nlcol • 14.003
E. J. Deaver 13,713
G. G. Vickerson 13,433
George H. Cabanlss, D.-U. L 37,196
Edmund P. Mogan, D.-U. L 33.662
Edwin M. Sweeney. R 18,127
Henry L. Joachimsen, R 17.433
Charles B. Kiler, S 1.523
B. Spanier, S .1,504
Number of Votes
Cast for Each
Nominee.
Conclude Couht
of Election
Returns.
COMPLETE SEMI-OFFICIAL REVIEW OF THE ELECTION
Orocker Carries
Eight Assembly
Districts.
Victory for Lane
in Almshouse
Precinct.
,..."
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, THUKSDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1903.
4LEADERS WHO STAND FORE
MOST IN THE TWO POLITI
CAL PARTIES.
No charge for lettering your name in
gold on pocketbooks, card and letter
cases, cameras, traveling setsr trunks,
valises, dress-suit cases and other fine
leather goods purchased i at '¦ our .' store.
Sanborn. Vail & Co., 741 Market street.*
PROVIDENCE, R.I., Nov. 4J— Complete
returns from the 152 districts of the State
received to-day re-elect Governor . Garvln
by 1587 plurality, a decrease ;of 6151 votes.
The Republicans elect the entire - State
ticket with the exception of Governor.
All Republican but Governor.
NAP A. Nov. 4.— Mrs. M. } P. Goodman has
presented , the - Goodman ' free library . with ¦ a
handsotn« " set ; of ten volumes entitled -"Six
Thousand, Years -of "History."- -The trustees
will have considerable money at their disposal
during: :; tho . coming * twelve months ¦' for w th«
purchase of books... Owing to the lack of fund*
during th« ra»t two years very:few books have
been purchased. During the winter the library
patrons will b« provided -with plenty of new
volumes. - JSBSBwMXfiiVl tMftmBPBff '11
Boats Are Still Running on Yukon.
SEATTLE, Wash., Nov. 4.— Although
the Yukon is. full of float Ice and threat
ens to freeze solid any night, 1 boats are
still \ running, • according to • ¦ advices re
ceived to-day on the steamer, Dolphin,
from Skagway." ' One, ' the La France, left
Dawson : less ¦ than', a ,week ago In the ; at
tempt J to " make}; another ; trip to White
Horse. ' * That "she "will \ not reach her, des
tination is. the general opinion of the Yu
koners -.who .returned.
RNEW YORK. Nov. 4.— Thomas Clean',
t one time middle-weight champion
- boxer of the West, has been found dead
from the effects of gas in a hotel here.
A tube connected with a Email heater
had become loosened and his death was
evidently accidental. Cleary. who was 35
j years of age, had retired from the ring
to become proprietor of a hotel at New
v burg. N. Y. He was here on a visit when
he met bis death. >
Old Time Boxer Dies.
PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 5.-Complete re
turns from all but eleven counties of the
State indicate a plurality for William L.
Matthuos (R.) for State Treasurer ap
proximating 265,000.
Quarter Million Plurality.
SALT LAKE. Utah, Nov. 4.— Complete
returns show the election of Richard ' P.
Morris (D.) , for Mayor over ; Frank Knox
(R.) by 2200 plurality. Of the fifteen coun-'
cilmen the Republicans elected nine and
the Democrats six. ............. .
Salt Lake's Returns Complete.
ASTORIA, Or.. Nov. 4.— Local Union No.
536 of , the International Longshoremen's
Association was to-day granted full recog
nition by- the Oregon Railroad and Navi
gation Company., President Mattson of
the Pacific, Coast division was present at
the meeting," as was also General Super
intendent; Con way. of the. company. The
principal point, gained is the provilege,
given to the secretary of the local union
to furnish all- the men employed, by the
company to load and unload its vessels.
Longshoremen's' Union Reorganized.
Many < religious workers of promlrfence
throughout the West are present. The
convention of the Baptist Young 1 People's
Union adjourned; after having elected of
flcer&^H.. G. James of Los Angeles, pres
ident, and Mrs. Van Winkle of Santa Bar
bara,: H.' Barum. of San Bernardino and
W. B. Guy of San Diego, vice presidents.
SANTA BARBARA, Nov. 4.— The an
nual convention, of the California Baptist
Association opened here this .morning,
with more than 200 delegates, in- attend
ance. Rev. J. O. Burroughs, pastor of the
local . Baptist Church, delivered the ad
dress of welcome, and Rev. A. L. Wads
worth of Monrovia responded. | The ad
dress of President A. P. Griffith of Azusa
gave a very encouraging account of the
flourishing condition of the denomination
in the. southern part of the State. This
was followed by the annual sermon, by
Rev. Dr. C. H. Hobart of Pasadena.
At the afternoon session there were ad
dresses by Rev. L. A. Gould of. Ocean
Park, Rev. George C. Wright of Huenemo,
Rev. , F. C. Douglass of Pasadena, J. H.
Merrlam of Pasadena, Rev. A. ;M. Petty
of Los Angeles and Rev. E. T. San ford of
Corona. • . . ....
Southern California Baptist; Associ
ation Opens at Santa Barbara With
a Large Attendance. ;.v:
CHURCH WORKERS MEET
£$& IN ANNUAL CONVENTION
BOSTON. Nov. 4.— With the exception
of the falling off In the Socialist vote,
the election in this State very nearly par
alleled that of last year. Governor John
L. Bates (R.) was re-elected by a plural
ity of 35,849 over Colonel William A. Gas
ton (D.) In a total vote only slightly under
that of 1902.
Massachusetts Count Completed.
DENVER Nov. 4.— The latest returns
from yesterday's election In Colorado
show that the plurality for Campbell (R.)
over "Wilson (D.) for Justice of the Su
preme Court will be 7000. An incident of
the election was the victory of P. J. De
vault, Miners' Union candidate for As
sessor In Teller County (the Cripple Creek
district), over both the old party candi
dates by a plurality of 300.
Miners' Union Candidate Wins.
DOVER, Del., Nov. 4.-Harmony be
tween the factions in the Republican
party of Delaware was not restored at
the meeting: called to-day for that pur
pose by Senator Alee. Only Union Re
publicans attended and not one regular
Republican put In an appearance. Fur
ther efforts will be made to bring about
a union of the factions and the meeting
to-day adopted propositions to be present
ed to the regular Republicans.
Discord Reigns in Delaware.
Finding there was little hope to escap?
O'Brien ran through a passageway to
the pressrooms of The Call, hoping to
get out on Third street, but Kelly was
too swift for the thief and he was cap
tured In the building. His companion
succeeded in petting away. O'Brien was
taken to the city Hall station, where a
charge of robbery was placed against
him. When searched $5 was found in
one of Ills pockets.
Dash was turning from Market street
Into Third when O'Brien, who was ac
companied by a confederate, grabbed him
and took the money from one of his
pockets. The man with O'Brien stood In
such a manner as to prevent Interference
with him until the money was taken,
when both ran away, followed by Special
Officer Con Kelly, who was later Joined
by Policeman Cameron. O'Brien, seeing
Kelly hot in pursuit, ran to Stevenson
Btreet.
Another holdup took place under the
Claring street lights last night. Theodore
Dash, a sailor on the ship Henry Wilson,
was robbed of $3 by a young man who
pave his name as John O'Brien and said
he lived at €20 Folsom street.
Third and Market Streets and
Is Captured.
Footpad Holds Up Theodore Dash at
SAILOR IS ROBBED ON
MAIN THOROUGHFARE
As soon as the robbery was discovered
Mrs. Lillis notified police . headquarters.
It was found that the crooks had forced
an entrance through one of the front sec
ond-story, windows, which they reached
by climbing. on the porch. The thieves
must 'have worked rapidly, as the family
was downstairs but half an hour, during
which the theft was committed.
The porch climbers who have been op
erating In this city for the last two weeKS
and who are responsible for a number of
daring jobs in which thousands of dol
lars in coin and Jewelry have been taken
paid another visit to the Western Addi
tion last night. The residence of Mrs. S.
C Lillis, 2116 Vallejo street, was entered
and $150 In coin and 5150- In Jewelry
stolen. .'* -•»-,¦-.. ¦-:
Enter Mrs. Lillis' House in Western
Addition and Steal Money and
Jewelry.
PORCH CLIMBERS ROB
' ANOTHER RESIDENCE
DES MOINES, Iowa, Nov. 4.— Unofficial
estimates place Governor Cummins* plu
rality over J. B, Sullivan (D.) for Gov
ernor at 37,000. Governor Cummins ran
somewhat ahead of the remainder of the
Republican State ticket The Democrats
will have twenty-three of the 100 members
of the next House, a gain of six, and
eight of the fifty members of the Senate,
a loss of two.
Republican Governor of Iowa Is
Elected by Plurality of 37,000.
RUNS AHEAD OF TICKET.
PARIS, Nov. 4.— The difficulties of the
Ministry have been further increased by
a number of workingmen's meetings held
to protest against the vote In the Cham
ber of Deputies continuing the municipal
employment agencies at which, a general
strike was. threatened and which 'broke
up with cries against Premier Combes
and M. Jaures, the Socialist leader.
It Is said In high official quarters that
the prospects of Premier. Combes' deci
sion .to retire have been much reduced
since yesterday. The Government and
parliamentary leaders have. been consult
ing and the general feeling expressed Is
that it would be unwise to permit M.
Combes' retirement at the. present stage.
M. 'Combes , showed . Increased strength
during the minor votes In the Chamber
to-day, carrying, the secret funds vote
against the opposition by 324 to 221.
Premier. Combes gained a ; decided vic
tory In the Chamber of Deputies, his
policy In connection with the congrega
tions being sustained by a large majority.
cent Vote in the Chamber of
Deputies.
Paris "Workmen Protest Against Re-
"WANT NO. MUNICIPAL
EMPLOYMENT AGENCIES
LINCOLN, Nebr., Nov. 4.— Definite fig
ures on yesterday's election will probably
be lacking for two days. Sufficient re
turns have been received, however, to
make it certain that Barnes has been
elected as Judge of the Supreme Court
by from ?000 to 10,000, arid the remainder
of the Republican State ticket by about
5000. Chairman Weber of the Populist
State Committee said' that on the face
of the returns he considered Barnes elect
ed and with him the two Republican Re
gents of the University. Of the twenty
seven District Judges in the State balloted
for this year the Republicans elected sev
enteen, the fusionists four and seven are
in doubt. The Republicans made gains
in countv offices. The total vote of the
State it is thought will not exceed 190,000.
Returns in Nebraska Show a Sweep
ing Republican Victory.
MAKE MANY GAINS.
E. C. Dudley, a former Yale halfback
who officiated in last year's intercolle
giate football game, has been chosen to
umpire the game this year. The referee
for the contest has not as yet been chosen.
To-morrow the regular sale of tickets
for the game will be held and in addi
tion the college people will be given an
opportunity to purchase tickets for Fisch
er's Theater, which has been secured for
Stanford for that night. A large body of
rooters will attend the performance The
Stanford team will occupy box seats
The Multnomah Club team arrived on
the campus to-day, the members belne
domiciled in the various fraternity houses
The team should be able to put up a
better game against Stanford than it did
against Berkeley last Saturday, after sev
eral days' opportunity to learn a system
of signals. The rain of last night served
to pack the sawdust on the gridiron and
put the field in better condition. It is
probable the Multnoman team will ap
pear on the oval for practice to-morrow.
To-morrow nipht's varsity practice will
be secret, and Friday's will be the last
open practice until Thursday of next
week. The only other time the rooters
will have an opportunity to see the var
sity in action before the big game will
be in the contest with the Multnomah
Club ele\-en on Saturday on the campus
gridiron.
The tickets this morning were not put
en sale at g o'clock, but a long line of
rooters stretched out before the ticket
office before that time, one student in
his eagerness to get a good seat camp-
Ing in front of the office from 4 o'clock
in the morning until the ticket window
opened.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Nov. 4._
Treasurer Cowden placed the rooters'
tickets for the intercollegiate football
game on sale to-day and to-night all but
twenty-three of the 500 seats reserved for
the Stanford rooters had been sold. The
remainder will go on sale to-morrow
morning and will undoubtedly be bought
up tarly.
Tive Hundred "Rooters' " Cards for
tlie Big Game Are Bought TJp
Quickly at Stanford.
FOOTBAUL TICKETS
IN STRONG DEMAND
The other Home Rulers elected are: For
Supervisors— R. Harvey. J. M. Kealoha
and S. K, Mahoe, all natives. Arthur M.
Brown, white (.R.), present Sheriff of the
Territory, was elected county Sheriff over
John Wise, native, who • was recently
named to fill the vacancy on the Home
Rule ticket caused by the death of ex-
Congressional Delegate Robert Wilcox.
The other Republican officials-elect are
the following: County Clerk and Record
er, H. E. Murray; Auditor. Charles Wil
cox; District Attorney, Wlljlam T. Raw
11ns; Treasurer, S. C. Damon, and two
Supervlsors-at-large.
In East Hawaii County the following
Republican candidates were elected:
County Clerk and Recorder, Norman K.
Lyman (Indorsed by Home Rulers); Aud
itor, N. C. Wlllfong (indorsed by Home
Rulers); j Assessor and Tax Collector,
George H. Williams; District Attorney,
W. H. Smith; Treasurer, C. A. Stoble;
Surveyor, Thomas E. Cook (indorsed by
Home Rulers); -Supervisor, Stephen X*
Desha. . . > .
The Home Rulers won the other four
Supervisors. . .
The Home Rulers on the island of Oahu
arc making charges of fraud In connection
with the count., It is estimated that the
ballots- of more than 500 Hawalians were
rejected by the judges of election. In one
large Home Rule precinct j it is alleged
one-third of the votes were thrown out
on account of errors made in marking
them. It is claimed by the Home Rulers
that the result of the election would have
been a clean sweep for their party If all
the ballots cast had been counted.
HONOLULU. Nov. 4.-Complete election
returns from Oahu County, In which this
city is situated, show that the Republican
candidates with a few exceptions have
been successful by very close margins.
Territorial Assessor Pratt (R.) has been
defeated for County Assessor and Tax
Collector by C. P. Iaukea, a native Home
Ruler. For Surveyor C. J. Willis, a. white
Home Ruler, defeated R. N. Boyd (R.),
who is partly of native descent.
Returns From: Oahu County Show
Success of Bepublican Ticket.
ELECTION IN HONOLULU.
The banking capital of New York City
has been doubled within five years.
New York Slan Has an Election All
to Himself.
NEW YORK. Nov. 4.— Joseph Thomas
has received the honor of being the only
man in New York City to have a special
election district set aside for his vote.
He lives in the office building of a lumber
company. First avenue and Thirty-fifth
street. Since the block bounded by Sec
ond avenue. Thirty-fifth and Thirty-sixth
streets and First avenue has been torn
down for a park he has been the only
resident in the district. Thomas had a
legal right to vote there, however, and a
full complement of officers was neces
sary at the polling place. They opened
for business at the usual hour and after
Thomas had filled the duties of an elector
the election officers took a day at their
ease and reported ahead of all other re
turns one vote for Low. It cost the city
$300.
ONE VOTEB IN DISTBICT.
In Baltimore City the entire Democratic
State ticket,' comprising Edward Warfleld
of Howard County, Governor; Gordon T.
Atkinson of Somerset County, Comptrol
ler, and William Shepard Bryan Jr. of
Baltimore City, Attorney General, won by
about 5000 plurality.. The Democrats elect
ed In Baltimore City three State Senators
and eighteen members of the House of
Delegates by large majorities. ; The Re
publicans elected one State Senator and
six members of the House of Delegates.
The returns 'from all of the counties in
the State have not been, received, but
enough reports are in hand to assure an
overwhelming Democratic majority on
joint ballot . in the General Assembly,
which will 'elect a successor to United
States Senator Louis E. McComas. From
returns received ; at this hour It Is con
ceded that the Democrats will have on
Joint ballot eighty-two votes in the Gen
eral Assembly to forty-one Republicans. .
Warfield's plurality in the State will
probably reach 8000.
of Maryland had not all been re
ceived. The figures of the missing pre
cincts are promised to-morrow morning.
They will not materially change the re
sult.. ' " •¦• • ¦¦ : - -"• ¦
BALTIMORE. Nov. 4.— At midnight
the returns of Tuesday's election
from Baltimore City and the State
Maryland Is Dem
critic by 8000
Plurality.
Will Be Lynched if Caught.
BUTTB, Mont., Nov. 4. — James Holland
was murdered at 6 o'clock this evening
and John Sullivan was mortally stabbed
by an Italian named Domlnick Reolandeo.
After the tragedy the Italian made his es
cape and has not yet been found. Toe
affray occurred on Lexington Hill, the
Italian using a pocket knife as his wea
pon. The -trouble was caused by the giv
ing to Reolandeo of an English sovereign
In exchange for a $5 gold piece at a com
pany store. Lynching will result If the
man is caught. .
WASHINGTON, Nov. 4. — President
Roosevelt is greatly pleased over the gen
eral result of yesterday's election. He
is, of course, disappointed- at the outcome
in Greater New York and Maryland, al
though pleased that in the latter States
the results show an improvement over
what happened four years ago and In
New York over last year. The President
has sent telegrams of congratulation to
Senator Hanna and other leaders In the
campaign and has received congratulatory
messages from Chairman Dick of Ohio,
Chairman Penrose of. Pennsylvania and
Senator Lodge of Massachusetts pve> the
results in those States.- ' • ':.''*
- -
President Says Elections in East
Show Bepublican Gains.
ROOSEVELT IS PKEASED.
The result In Ohio Is due to several mum*.
of which the chief was the. successful attempt
of Senator Hanna to impress upon the people
of this State that a continuance of d J'turbed
business conditions demanded his return to
'VttJtiuf few days of the campaign, the
closing of mills and the discharge of thou
sand, of workmen, together with bank and
business failures throughout the country gave
color to Senator Hanna's claim that the elec
tion in Ohio involved national issues of great
er™ mportance than the betterment of our lo
believes to be th. basis of prosperity will be
preserved
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Nov. 4.— Senator
Hanna, referring to the renewed sug
gestions made in various quarters that Il
ia the logical Republican candidate for
the Presidency next year as the result of
the unprecedented victory won In Ohio at
Tuesday's election, made this statement
to-night:
The results of the election in Ohio yester
day In nowise, changes my vlewa In reference
to my proposed candidacy for the Presidency,
of which position the public has been fully
Hundreds of congratulatory telegrams
have been received by Senator Hanna
from men prominent In public and pri
vate life in all sections of the country.
Among them was one from President
Roosevelt. Governor-elect Myron T. Her
rick was also the recipient of hundreds
of telegrams.
Tom Johnson, the defeated candidate
for Governor, to-night gave out a state
ment relative to the election in this State
in which he said In part:
CINCINNATI, Nov. 4.— From official
and unofficial returns received to
day from all the counties in Ohio,
the plurality of Herrick (R.) *°»"
Governor over Johnson (D.) is placed at
112,0S9.
COLUMBUS. Nov. 4.-The Republican
plurality in Ohio is about 112.000 for Gov
ernor, and the majority In the Legislature
on loint ballot for Senator is 93.
Chairman Dick of the Republican State
Committee to-day secured reports from
all his eighty-eight county commissioners,
and to-night announced that Herrick (&¦¦)
had carried sixty-two counties and John
son (D.) twenty-six for Governor, most or
the latter by small and the former by
large pluralities. In a total vote of . less
than 900,000 Herrick's pluralities In the
counties aggregate 135,132, ¦ and Johnson »
20,476. so that Herrick has a net plurality
in the State of 114,706 on estimates that
may be Increased from one to two thou
sand by the official count. The plurality
on the rest of the Republican State ticket
wlil likely be 4000 to 5000 less than that
lor Herrick. The total vote for Johnson
was less than that for any Democratic
candidate for Governor for years.
The Senate stands 29 Republicans, 4
Democrats; majority 25. The House stands
S3 Republicans, 21 Democrats; majority 6S.
The majority on joint ballot for the re
election of Senator Hanna will be 93.
These figures will not be changed by the
official returns. The counties carried by
the Democrats were all in the rural dis
tricts, all the larger cities being in the
counties that gave Republican plural
ities. The Republicans carried every
county that they had two years ago ex
cept Sandusky, which Is 1 strongly Demo
cratic, and they carried other counties
that they did not two years ago or any
other year.
Secretary Richardson of the Democratic
State Committee said that the result In
his opinion was due to the fear of single
tax and 2-cent fares. Richardson is very
bitter against John R. McLean and at
tributes part of the defeat to McLean's
influence, but he says that the result re
moves Johnson as a dominant factor in
Democratic politics and that the Mayor
will not control the .next State convention.
Mr. Richardson is a Johnson man.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Nov. 4. — Returns
"which are complete, save a few scattered
precincts in remote parts of the State,
give Governor Beckham (D.) for Governor
a majority of 30,408 over Morris Belknap,
his Republican opponent In yesterday's
balloting. The missing precincts are in
both Republican and Democratic strong
holds, so the assertion seems warranted
that the Governor's final and official ma
jority will not be less than 30,000. This
is the largest majority given to a Demo
cratic Gubernatorial candidate in fifteen
years.
Returns from the mountainous counties
comprising the Eleventh District give
Belknap a majority of 15,353, with two or
three precincts yet to be heard from.
This indicates a falling off in the Repub
lican vote, as this district usually returns
about 20,000 majority for that party.
The Socialist and Labor parties had full
tickets In the field, but their vote was
small. ¦
RICHARD CROKER.
LONDON, Nov. 4.— Such comment as
the afternoon papers make on the result
of the election yesterday in New York
expresses regret at Tammany's victory.
The Pall Mall Gazette says it gives the
world a lesson that "purity «is not inhe
rent in a democratic form of govern
ment."
The St. James Gazette bitterly assails
Tammany, saying the result "is one
which every honest person must deeply
lament and proves how powerless is true
opinion to make its weight felt under a
republican system when it is confronted
by the machinery of unscrupulous men."
Richard Croker telegraphs as follows to
the Associated Press:
WANTAGE. Nov. 4.— I have nothing to say
on the result cf the election.
English Newspapers Criticise Victory
of Tammany.
LONDON EXPRESSES REGRET.
Kentucky Gives a
Big Majority to
Beckham.
Ohio's Republican
Plurality Is
I I 2,000.
SIBLEY, Iowa, Nov. 4.— Judge Gaynor.
on application of the stockholders, ap
pointed W. R. Day receiver of the State
Bank at Sheldon. The assets are about
$225,000; liabilities $175,000.
The failure, the acting Comptroller
states, is due to losses sustained by rea
son of excessive accommodations extend
ed to mining Interests with which the
officers of the bank were connected.
The statement of the resources and 'la
bilities of the bank on September 3 last
shows loans and discounts of S231.7S2; cash
and cash items $63,114; deposits, $304,343.
PUEBLO, Colo.. Nov. 4.— The Pueblo
Title and Trust Company of this city, the
jrincipai stockholder in which is the
"Woods Investment Company, has an
nounced a voluntary assignment for the
protection of its depositors. The reason
given is that sufficient cash to meet a run
fhat was considered inevitable after the
suspension of the First National Bank
at Victor could not be raised at once.
Secretary Small of the company an
nounces that the deposits are $200,000 and
the assets are $450,000.
OKLAHOMA CITY. O. T., Nov. 4.—
Upon opening the safe oi the Bank of
Chickasaw Nation at Tlshomingo. which
closed its doors last week. Receiver Fos
ter found but J50, which was in silver.
It. is supposed that the president. Kirby
Purdom, who disappeared at the time of
the failure, took the funds with him. The
bank was the official depository of the
Chickasaw Nation and had a capital stock
of $50,000, with large private deposits.
SHELDON, lowa. Nov. 4.— The Sheldon
Bank closed Its doors to-day and will
go into the hands of a receiver. Offi
cers of the bank assign the cause of the
failure to the slow payment of notes by
farmers for the last two years. No fig
ures have yet been plven out.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 4. -The First Na
tional Bank of Victor, Colo., was closed
to-day by direction of the acting Comp
troller of the Currency, the examiner re
porting the bank to be insolvent. James
B. Lazear. national bank examiner, has
been appointed recr-iver.
VICTOR. Colo.. Nov. 4.— The First Na
tional Bark of this city, a controlling in
terest in which is owned by the Woods
Investment Company, closed its doors
shortly before 2 o'clock this afternoon.
A notice was posted saying that the bank
was In the hands of the Comptroller of
the Currency. The bank's capital is $00,000.
The deposits amounted to about $300,000.
A culet run on the bank had been in pro
greps for several days.
WJESBADEN. Prussia, Nov. 4.— About
12.000 troops occupied the principal
thoroughfares of Wiesbaden to-day while
awaiting the arrival of the Czar, and
seme hundreds of police mingled with the
rather small crowds behind the military
lines. The precautions for the safety of
the imperial visitors seem to be extra
ordinary. The police forbade household
ers to stand on their balconies or look
out cf the windows above the ground
floors. The streets In the iramedlata
vicinity of the castle were kept clear.
BERLIN. Nov. 4.— The court train bear
ing the Czar, Prince Henry of Prussia,
the Grand Duke of Hesse. Count Lams
dorff and the Czar's suite arrived at
Wiesbaden from Darmstadt at 4:30 o'clock;
to-day. The first to arrive at the station
before the coming of the royal suite was
a local Russian priest. Emperor William,
drove up, wearing a Russian uniform,
and moved to the front of the Paderborn
Regiment, guarding the station. The Em
peror conversed with Chancellor von Bu
low while promenading the station. Tho
last to arrive was Count von Osten-
Sacken, the Russian Embassador at Ber-
At the chateau a signal was given as
the train bearing the royal guest3 passed
the last station. Near the car containing
the Czar a stair was placed and the Rus
sian ruler ascended to an improvised
tent where the Emperor and his suite
were in waiting. The Czar and Emperor
kissed each other affectionately three
times. The Czar then gave hla hand to
Count von Bulow and the Kaiser did the
same to Count Lamsdorff. Then the reg
iment defiled, the band playing the Rus
sian national anthem.
At 5 o'clock a gala dinner was given at
the castle.
At 7 o'clock the royalties, amid the ap
plause of the populace, left for a gala
performance at the opera, where "Obe
ron" was performed. The house was
packed by an international audience.
The director of the opera had much dif
ficulty in finding seats in the little court
theater for the distinguished persons. The
Czar, wearing a Prussian uniform, sat
with Princess Marguerite of Hesse. The
Emperor sat with hia sister. Princess Vic
toria of Schaumburg-Llppe. In the back
ground were Count von Bulow. Embassa
der von Qsten-Sacken, Count Lamsdorff
and other dignitaries. The royalties re
mained for the close of the opera.
The lobby of the theater was closed to
the public and a supper was served there
in for the Czar and Emperor and their
suites.
Murphy has already expressed himself
as favorable to the nomination of former
President Grcver Cleveland by the next
national convention. If he can swing the
Democratic State Convention to Mr.
Cleveland he will crush the Presidential
aspirations of Hill and eliminate Hill's
friend, Judpe Alton B. Parker, as a Pres.
identlal possibility.
The pluralities on Mayor, Comptroller
and President of the Board cf Aldermen
in the several boroughs were:
Manhattan and the Bronx — McClellan,
56,829; Grout. 57,843; Fornes, 57.1S8.
Brooklyn— McClellan. SOS; Grout, 3272;
Fornes. 2361.
Queens— McClellan, 5198; Grout. 5619;
Fornes 5tO2.
Richmond— Low (fusion). 21S; Grout, 56;
Fornes, 22.
Nearly complete returns from this city
on the canal amendment (twenty-five dis
tricts missing) give a majority in favor of
it of 382,967..
control and backed by the -Demo
cratic machines in Eric, Rensselaer, Clin
ton, Albany and probably several other
counties in the interior, CharlPS F. Mur
phy stands ready to grasp the domination
of the Democratic party in New York
State. His victory has been hailed with
delight by the enemies of David B. Hill
outside the city, who are eager to rally
to his support.
NEW YORK, Nov. 4.-With the Dem
ocratic organization of five bor
oughs of New York City under his
Special Dispatch to The Call
Oklahoma Defaulter Leaves
Fifty Dollars for the
Depositors.
Senator John T. Morgan of Alabama
takes. the ground that the result of yes
terday's elections forecasts the nomina
tion of Gorman and McClellan as the
Democratic Presidential ticket next year.
"The result in Maryland," said Senator
Morgan, "is a great satisfaction to Sena
tor Gorman's friends and it does not
seem probable now that he can be beaten
for the nomination. Mr. McClellan's great
victory in New York makes him a na
tional character in the Democratic party
at once. With a good, clean administra
tion of the city's affairs, which I have
every reason to believe he will give, he
will be a 3trong man for Mr. Gorman's
running mate. Senator Gorman now has
the South almost solidly with him and
the indorsement which he received in his
own State on the race question, close to
the hearts of all Southern people, puts
him far in the lead for the head of the
Democratic ticket."
"I regard the result of yesterday's elec
tion in Maryland as a protest against any
further radical action intended to disturb
the business interests of the country."
This was Gorman's brief comment to
day on the Democratic victory in his
State.
Maryland election of yesterday as
the only one having any bearing on the
Presidential contest of next year and all
Qf Senator Gorman's friends now say
that it puts- him prominently to the front
among the candidates for the Democratic
nomination. Senator Morgan of Alabama
predicted to-night that the ticket would
be Gorman and McClellan, with the race
issue a prominent factor in the campaign.
Senator Gorman's friends say he staked
his claims for Democratic nomination on
the result la Maryland this year, which
he considered as very important as bear
ing upon the selection of the Democratic
candidate. If he had lost in his own
State he would have withdrawn from the
contest. Since he won Democrats
and Republicans alike consider that it
puts him fairly in the field as the leading
candidate at this time.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 4.— Leading
Democrats and Republicans in
Washington looked upon the
Special Dispatch to Tb« Call.
Czar and Kaiser Attend Fer
formarc3 at a Local
Opera-House.
Bad Mining Investments
Cause Crash in
Colorado.
TwelveThousand Troops
Aid Police in Guard
ing Rulers.
McClellan Boom
for the Vice
rrpmnpnrv
Tammany Would
Name Him for
President.
THREE BANKS
GO TO THE WALL
Sage of Princeton
Is Choice of
Murphy.
Maryland Senator
the Favorite
of Many.
EMPERORS MEET
AT WIESBADEN
ELECTION MAKES RIVALS OF CLEVELAND AND GORMAN
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL,, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1903.
5
'" /':" >: .ADVERTISEMENTS.
San Francisco, Thursday. 5 November. 1903.
I
Oak chiffonier — priced
for quick selling
¦ Finished golden color and provided with a swing-
ing, French bevel-plate mirror 12 by 20. inches. Con-
tains five drawers and has paneled ends. Height, 74
inches; width, 30 inches. A chiffonier that will give
good service, and at the present price it is exceptional
value.
A window full of furniture "snaps." En'ds of
lines that we want to move in a hurry. The sort of
an opportunity that comes but occasionally. Here's a |
few of the savings: A $6.00 Golden Oak Rocker for
$3-75; ' a $7.50 Iron Bed, enameled dark red, for
. $4.00; a $20.00 Golden Oak Bureau for $10.50.
. ( Formerly the Cali f o rnia Furniture Co. )' . ;
957 to 977 Market Street, San FranciscoSpecial information supplied dally tn
business houses and ' public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's) 230 Cali
fornia street. Telepnona Main 1042. •
Siskiyou. has barred all nickel-in-the-slot machines from
the county. We may expect to hear soon that the deposits
on the savings banks have ; materially . increased in Siskiyou
and that saloon loafers have left for more congenial rendez
vous. s * ¦
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candies. BOc a pound, in artistic flre
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market St.. above Call bid*. •
Of the $1,636,274 worth of bananas. which
came Into New York City within the last
year, 2,862,000 bunches were from the Brit
ish West Indies, 1.152,000 bunches from
Costa Rica, 877,000 from Colombia and 355
from Cuba. They pay no duty.
Bananas are often grown in Guatemala
in connection with the growing cf a rub
ber plantation, being planted between the
email rubber trees .and'ftve'or six good
crops can be harvested before the rubber
plants get In the way.— Baltimore Ameri
can. HIBSSmB!
Facts 'About Bananas.
Arrangements have been made to establish a summer
school in music at the University of California. Inadequate
as this provision may seem, it certainly is a long step in the
right direction and argues that more and necessary atten
tion is to.be given' to the consideration of the fine arts at
The Federal Government has decided to accept Canadian
charts as a basis upon which to make the survey dictated by
the conclusions of the Alaskan Boundary Commission.
This really seems like carrying a good thing too far. It is
like using the other fellow's powder with which to shoot him
with his own gun. \ '¦'£:'¦
Knezu His Lesson.
An Italian stood before one of the
United States Commissioners In the Fed
eral building to answer the necessary
questions which would enable him to take
out his first papers, say the New York
Sun.
He was young and had a strikingly pic
turesque garb and manner. He had evi
dently made himself up for the occasion
and his replies showed that he had been
industriously, it not correctly, coached.
"Who was the first President?" asked
the Commissioner.
"Washingtin." was the quick reply. ,
"Yes; that is correct," said the Com
missioner, encouragingly.
The Italian evidently was not sure, for
he immediately supplemented his answer
as follows:
"Gen'ral Washingtln— Georga, Washing
tin; Gen'ral."
The Commissioner, as if to test the
young applicant's intelligence, asked:
"Was it George H. Washington 7'
"Na, na," was the quick answer,
"Washingtin, Georga Washingtln, gen
'eraL" .
"Who Is President now?" asked the
Commissioner.
"Makinnela," .very quickly.
"No»" said the Commissioner, "ilcKin-
Many men miss their true vocation by
devotion to a fad.— Philadelphia Bulletin.
Some women have a qtiaint way of ap
plying endearing epithets to men they
like.
A man at a wedding ceremony wonders
what all the women see that is interest -
Ing.
When a man' is In love there comes to
him higher aspirations and a tendency to
turn to religion.
Women find fault with the thought that
It makes them appear impressive.
Let a man know you put Implicit trust
in him and his loyalty is assured.
The engaged girl indulges in dreams
which place her in richly furnished man
sions.
It Is hard to make some men understand
the meaning of the word "no."
Some pretty women show. to most ad
vantage when their face is in repose.
Men like, to address women by their
Christian name. ; ;,>i. t^
Wisdom's Whispers.
The insurgents of Santo Domingo have arrogated the
hazardous privilege of interupting communication between
this country and its, diplomatic representative in the pestif
erous bantam republic. Somebody will probably have cause
to reflect shortly that he has been scratching an itching nose
on the business end of a gun.
IT is to be hoped that Secretary Cortelyou's indorsement
of Commissioner Sargent's recommendation for the
abolition of the noisome detention shed for immigrants
at this port will result in the making of the proposed im
migrant depot on Angel Island. The existing shed, which
shames our civilization, was built down to the supposed
level of Asiatic coolies. To it must go all immigrants who
arc under examination to determine their right to land.
Chinese ladies and gentlemen, and there are such, must go
there to take pot luck with the lower class of their country
men. It has proved to be far from safe against escapes, and
those detained there have good reason to complain of their
treatment. A decent depot on Angel Island will offer no
facilities for escape, and will better represent the civilization
which is the boast of our people. •
The location of a Federal quarantine station on the isl
and has proved an excellent thing in the operation of the
port and safeguarding the community from imported pes
tilence, while giving to all passengers held in quarantine
proper conditions of comfort and safety. The island is large.
It belongs to the United States and can amply accommo
date a clean, decent and roomy immigrant depot, without
any contact with the quarantine station at all. Our mem
bers of Congress should immediately'and actively, second the
efforts of the Secretary of Commerce to secure this highly
desirable addition to the proper administration of this port
AN IMMIGRANT DEPOT.
There is every reason to believe that Wyoming will
shortly be blessed by a sudden increase of good Indians. The
venturesome red men have left their reservation and have
showed unmistakable symptoms of a desire to be sent with
dispatch to their happy hunting grounds. The Governor
of the State is laudably inclined to accommodate them.
A man's conscience is the best barome
ter of his ability.
People who have to measure the size of
their meals by the length of their purses
are very apt to become a trifle unsteady
In their ethics concerning financial ques
tions. ¦ .
No one lives more lavishly and knows
less how to save than the poor.
Teach them how to keep house, and
they will make homes.
Ages cannot be measured by years.—
Owen Klldare.
Thoughts.
A Sheriff of New hitherto innocent of any indica
tions of eccentricity, accused himself the other day of mur
der. He was promptly acquitted, the offending cause of his
self-accusation being a dead horse-thief. There is nothing
like due formality in the solemn processes of New Mexican
law. The unrecorded killing of a horse-thief might have
led to the suspicion that the Territory was careless of its
laurels.
The doctor surprised Dr. Seward by
putting down the book that he was read
ing and telling him that he remembered
being a physician and having a sanita
rium in Lakewood, N. J. lie recalled
even the name of a patient he had sent
to Dr. Seward. It appears that the
medical terms suddenly came to him and
the power of memory was suddenly re
stored. He said that he remembered
many of his friends here.
He remembered also walking past a
vacant building in New York and being
struck on the head with a sandbag or
some blunt instrument and being
knocked unconscious. As his mind be
comes clearer he remembers a great
many things regarding his past life.
Just at present he is naturally excited
over the return of his memory, and la
doing more writing to friends than talk-
Ing. His general condition is greatly
Improved, but he will remain at Goshen
for the present.
An Eastern paper tells' the following
remarkable incident of tha recovery ot
his sanity on the part of a physician:
Dr. Henry H. Cate. a well known prac
titioner here, who disappeared from tha
Hotel Albert in New York on April 21
and wandered to various parts of tha
country previously to being found by hl3
brother-in-law in the Morgan House at
Poughkeepsie. recovered his memory
about 10 o'clock this morning while read
ing a medical book in the Interpines
Sanitarium at Goshen. N. T, where ha
went several weeks ago.
Book Recalled.
I
The preachers keep on preaching of the
glories over there
Where the boodlers cease from troubling
and the prospects all are fair;
The anxious, eager doctors keep on strlv
' ing to defy
Grim Nature and arrange it so that people
needn't die;
But away with all the dreamers and the
foolish ones who preach.
Who cares what the stars are made of,
or what ancient tablets teach?
We are looking for the* hero who will
¦ show us all the trick.
Who will kindly point the way in which
to Get Rich Quick.
— S. E. Klser, in Chicago Record-Herald.
t
Men are fighting still for freedom, fighting
still to have the right
To address their God unhindered when
they kneel to pray at night;
They are chafing "neath oppression as
their fathers did before.
They are tugging at the feters which their
luckless parents wore; •
Here and there some man arises and at
tempts to let us know
How to make fair Peace forever the sweet
mistress here .below.
But we have no time to bother over such
affairs; we stick
To the hope of finding ways in which to
Get Rich Quick.
They are trying to arrange it so that man
may safely fly;
They are trying to learn more about the
stars up in the sky:
They are digging up old ruins so that
each of us may know
Just what people did- for pleasure and for
profit long ago;
Here and there is some one trying to re
vive the love of art.
Here and there some poet bravely sings a
song that's from the heart.
But away with art and science and the
Babylonian brick,
What we want is some sure way in which
to Get Rich Quick.
The World's Great Want.
The extent of the deception practiced can be seen by
comparing the letter Lane wrote for the Examiner on Mon
day with that of yesterday. On Monday Lane said: "In
my 'opinion this contest is entirely between Mr. Schmitz
and myself. 1 believe Mr. Crocker will take third place be
cause he is practically without any vote south of Market
street and because he has been deserted by practically
every Republican politician who has any following whatso
ever in the city. * * * Take from my vote for Gov
ernor, which was 3.1,000, a full 10.000, which is two-thirds of
the total labor union vote cast two years ago, and there
still remains 23,000, which is probably enough to elect me."
By statements of that kind made persistently throughout
the campaign Lane induced many a good conservative citi
zen to cast a vote for him, and it now appears Lane knew
from the beginning that such votes would be . futile. " We
know not what name Mr. Lane may give to such political
practices: they may have their origin in his strange sense
of his personal obligation to his party and the city; but in
effect they amount to no more, no less, than obtaining votes
by false pretenses, and those who were deceived by them
have good right to complain of the deception.
YESTERDAY Mr. Franklin Lane in a letter to the Ex
aminer, written apparently as soon as the returns had
made known his defeat, said: "I have, nothing to re
gret about this fight except the defeat. It was my judgment
at the beginning of the campaign that there was no. possi
bility of success. I accepted the nomination in this belief.
Upon the day that I accepted a group of my friends met in
my office and I told them I would accept it out of a sense
of duty to my party and of obligation to the city, but that
I had no expectation whatever of success."
No one will care at this stage of the game to question
Mr. Lane's peculiar sense of duty, nor his extraordinary
idea of his obligations to the city, but to many of his sup
porters that statement, coming on the morning after elec
tion, must have been more depressing than defeat itself.
Thousands of men voted for Lane under the impression that
he was an honest candidate, honestly expecting to win. Re
peatedly during the campaign he asserted an assurance of
coming victory! Over and over again, on the stump and
in letters to the public, he declared himself sanguine of suc
cess, lie invited votes on the ground that a vote for him
was the surest way of providing good government for the
city, and he unquestionably obtained a good many votes
in that way. The voters who were thus 1 induced to throw
away their ballots, as it were, have now a right to ask
whether they were fairly dealt with by a man who admits
that he was making a bluff all the time and knew from the
start he was but a dummy candidate.
A CAMPAIGN OF DECEPTION.
"I was In Sing Sing." said Defendant
Roberts. Roberts kept up the lightning
change act for some time and finally the
jury went out and acquitted him, leaving
Judge Foster gasping.— New York Sun.
"But you must answer," said Judge
Foster. By a lightning change the wit
ness became counsel.
"Very well, give me an exception. "Wit
ness, answer the question," said Counsel
Roberts.
Counsel Roberts then cross-examined
Father Touhey, asking how he could pos
itively identify the typewriter as his own.
Father Touhey said that he could not.
"The defendant will take the stand."
said Counsel Roberts. "Benjamin Rob
erts to the stand," called Clerk Cowing.
Roberts walked around to the witness
stand and the oath was administered.
"Were you ever in prison?" asked As
sistant District Attorney Townsend.
"I object to that question and Instruct
my client not ft> answer," said Counsel
Roberts. Then he changed himself Into
Witness Roberts, who said:
"By the advice of counsel I decline to
answer."
When Roberts' ense went to trial before
Judgo Foster in General Sessions, Judge.
Foster assigned counsel to him. "I think
I would rather be my own counsel," said
Roberts.
The Rev. John T. Touhey met Benjamin
Roberts, a negro, in Sing Sing several
months ago and became interested In his
case. When Roberts was released Father
Touhey engaged him as a typewriter and
bought a machine for hl3 use. Subse
quently the machine disappeared and on
the floor of Roberts' ronm was found a
pawn ticket for a machine which Father
Touhey declared was hla. He had Rob
erts indicted.
Double Capacity.
O, Memory, I cry to thee—
Mark but my hours that shine.
AH love and kindness show to me—
The best, the brightest let me see-
Mark but my hours that shine.
-GRACE HIBEARD in Springfield Re
publican.
It "only marks the hours that shine."
The time when skies are bright;
The hours when sunbeam roses twtne—
The hours of sunset's red-spilled wine-
It notes not clouds nor night.
The SundiaL
"Thla morning the stuff was gone and I
was called. I searched the place and sent
for detectives. The case had all the ear
marks of mystery. When we had search
ed about two hours a man in the flat be
low appeared at the door.
" 'Does this belong to you?' he asked
of the merchant, holding in his hand a
sooty stocking. 'I found it in my fireplace.
It must have fallen down the> chimney.'
"The jewelry was a delight to look
upon. The watches were smashed to
pieces, rings bent and hardly a stone re
mained in its setting. On the whole it
looked like a lot of junk. The fellow Is
on his way now to find a repair shop.
He- says the burglars can have the stuff
next time."
"1 Jusf had a funny case." said a West
ern Addition policeman to the station
keeper as he reported off half an hour
late yesterday morning. "It was one of
those instances where the 'ounce of pre
vention' didn't score at all with the
'pound of cure.'
"Soon after 6 o'clock I was called to
the residence of a merchant to Investigate
a burglary. The master of the house ex
plained that his wife had been reading
all about the recent burglaries and porch
climbing jobs and had decided to foil the
crooks if they decided to pay her a visit.
Accordingly, on retiring last night she
put all the family jewelry. Including his
watch, in a stocking and secreted it in
a hole made for a stove pipe in one of
the rooms.
Burglar-Proof Safe.
"Damma foolla," shouted his friend.
"Makinnela secon' Pres', da. Roosevela he
come next'," and, suiting the words to
the action, he put up three, fingers. Then
they went away, one of them angry, the
other disappointed.— Philadelphia Ledger.
"Oh, no," said the Commissioner rather
Impatiently, for he was disposed to help
the young man. "Saw think again."
"Makinnela— "Washingtln, Georga "Wash
ingtin, gen'ral. he was flrsta Pres," Ma
kinnela was sccon* Pres'."
The Commissioner sent him away,
rather sorrowfully, and told him to make
inquiries and come back later.
When his friend took him out la the
corridor he asked him why he did not say
Roosevelt, as he had been told. The
young applicant replied:
"Makinnela secon' Pres'."
ley was President, but he Is not President
now. Can't you think of the name of the
President?"
"Yes. Makinnela." the applicant per
sisted.
Z repeat that I do not wish to convey
yocr heavy trunk Is a woman. A half
dozen strong men stand Idly about watch
ing her. How long would a half-dozen
American men stand etlll and let a wom
an carry ruch a burden? Go to country
districts In some of the Latin countries
end behold women tolling In the fields
with the beasts. In even the most pemi
rJous American family of the farmer class
•woman's place Is Indoors— her hardest toil
housework.
Can you expect a Teuton or a Latin
rwho has been brought up to view such
pr~ftr.es as I have described, as & matter of
course) to be as considerate of his Amer
ican wife as would be an American, in
Trhom gentle car© of woman is a heredit
ary trait?
For the European woman the European
husband, for the American an American.
When a foreigner oomes here, is natur
alized by law and la Americanized by time
and environment that Is a different story.
Buch a man may learn to appreciate an
American wife and to accord to her the
treatment which she has a right to regard
as her due. But when she marries a for
«4gner and goes to his land to live she
foregoes that right-
Go to Germany and ftnp at any of a
hundred rural hotels. The porter who
Ftaggers upstairs under the weight of
I have again and apain peen an Ameri
can Rirl (wooed and wed in her own lnnd
and nroujrht "hoino" to Kurope by her
f'irejrn bridegroom) ;trrivo in the land of
h» r husli.-.nd's i'irtli. i>rtpar<-'l to give and
receive lr"m her husband's friends the
most cordial ."-^rt of greeting. To her
araazemi'tit thflff friends usually close in
8> <astiroi> / circle about h*>r hushand and
but h« t ouis-Me that «-ir«'le. resisting, all
lur timid attempts at entrance. She is
n:i American, a curiosity, a semi-human
moneyed freak. If by chance she has no
ni"n<~y she li:is no rxruse for existence.
W'f-rf ihf-re not etKTUgh rlisihle girls in
thf fathirlari! f«->r Han? <or Pietre. or I
Antonio, or Ivan, or John) to marry that
he must cross the seas to hring this fair
F»vapp into tho family?
If she Ims mnti^v and can ease Iif> for
all cnrcrnwl or j>ay the Hnrpptral debts
or re-establish the family, well and good.
The frmhand hr>s done a wisp thing, and
the money brinper is to be endured —
*ven treafd civilly. But not for one
Instant ni»js=t she h*> allowed to forpet that
•he is a mere Am^riran. She ts not to
th*> manner l>orn. Phe is forever an out
sider.
Poor, poor little American girl!
I pity her with all my heart. The more
•o 1f Inve and n"t ambition prompted her
to give hp-r life's happiness into the keep
tr.j of a foreigner.
• • •
PlFas* do not Imasine from this that
I am insular or that 1 have no liking for
Europeans. Some of my drarest friends
nrf foreigners, and non»> is more quick
than I to recognize the countless vir
tues that the better port of Europeans
PCFPesg.
But the law of "natural selection" can
not be overruled. And no natural selec
tion can b« found in the average union
between a man and a woman whose birth,
education, ancestry. language, environ
ment and prejudices are ro wholly at
variance as must be the. case, when an
¦American girl weds the typical foreigner.
It If the Fame, he he prince or peasant.
That there, are many and notable ex
ceptions to this rule no one can deny.
But they remain exceptions and not the
rule. And so they ever must remain.
Th« American man is the best hus
riand on earth. He is more considerate
to women, moro generous and tender to
ward them, more devoted, more true.
This Is not a mere patriotic outburst on
my part, but Is borne out by facts. Where
else have women been so considered and
protected !n th« laws, bo guarded as to
their property rights, so defended from
harm, so welcomed Into the professions.
as In America? This is all the work of
men. Of American men. And It Is a true
criterion of the treatment the average
American woman receives from her own
husband. As th« nation treats women in
general, bo the husband as a rule treats
his wife la the home.
I have- kj>»-iu many years in various Eu
rojierm «'ouiuiies. associating with the na
tiv« <= of carh land far more rlosely than
can the average tourist. My chances for
notinc tha eflfei t of the International mar
riage has therefore been r-onsiderably
greater than th:tt of many people, and, as
1 have made a study of the them", 1 think
1 may be regarded to some extent an au
thority.
The American girl, traveling in Europe
for a year, meets and weds a foreign mer
chant, Ftudeiit or doctor, far more fre
quently than Miss Bullion marries Lord
• "ashless. The American working girl
marries the German grocer on the corner
<t the Italian iruit vender on the next
block. All !h<~se are international mar
rinpes. As a whole niy observation warns
me to distrust them.
Now, while the money-titl<* wedding de
serves a prominent place in any discus
sion of international marriage, yet it is
but one of several kinds of trans-Atlantic
unions.
"Tommy deariy loves a lord," but not
so dearly as does the freeborn American
The sound of a title before her name. In
consequence many a girl who might have
been sublimely happy as Mrs. Mary Smith
drags out a life of misery and neglect as
l^ady, or Countres, or Duchess Mary.
All this of course in that type of Inter
national marriage that finds it? way into
the daily papers. 80 many marriages of
this sort are recorded and so many scan
dals or tales of domestic unhapuiness fol
low in their wake that the world at large
has grown to regard the international
marriag*? as a sort of union where title
Is b*u^ht And sold for American bank
notes.
More than one impecunious foreigner of
title has had c^use to repeat that adage
¦with exultant emphasis, as some dollar
ladea American girl has given her for
tune and her future In exchange for his
empty title.
"Tiiere be ivo classes of pecple." says
tie quaint old proverb. "Those who have
money and no brains and those who have
brains and eo money. And it is a clear
dispensation of Providence that those who
have money and no brains should be
made for those with brains and no
xncney."
ciatioa.)
BT KATITRTX OSTER2IAN.
<Pr»*ld»?nt cf tb« International Drammtlo Asso-
'American Wires Abroad.
There Is In the body of a man enough
Iron to make a dozen tacks, enough phos
phorus to make a half-dozen boxes of
matches, and enough hydrogen to fill a
balloon that would lift him.
There are in the human head about 120 -
000 hairs.
During each year about one and a hair
tons of material paas through the human
body.
Every day there pass Into and out of
the longs about 400 cubic feet of air.
The body pours out through the skin
about two pints of perspiration each day. ;
Each outgoing breath poisons 5000 cubic
Inches (that is. about haU a barrel) of air.
The blood stream moves at the rate of
seven miles an hour, 168 miles n day, 61,320
miles a year. In the body of a centena
rian the blood has traveled a distance of.
6.132,000 miles.
The heart beats at an average of sev
enty-five per minute. It is said that a
normal skin absorbs one-sixth as much
oxygen as the lungs.
• *' ¦" • . .-• ' •
The working energy of the body fs some
thing enormous. Th«* muscles of the jaw
can exert a force of 534 pounds. Tho heart
is a most remarkable worker, :vlthough its
work is, not. as is often stated, continu
ous. As a matter of fact, the periods of
rest are longer than the periods of work,
and the heart ns a whole works no longer
than a man who labors nine hours a day.
Th« total work of the heart is not less
than 150 foot tons a day. This means
work equal to lifting 150 tons one foot, or
one ton 150 feet. A day's work for a la
boring man is 300 foot tons. The muscles
by which the body is supplied with air
the respiratory muscles, do a work of
twenty-one foot tons a day. It is estimat
ed that the human body as a whole per
forms in a single day labor equal to 3600
foot tons, that is, the work of twelve la
boring men.
Th<> muscles of a man of average size
weigh ninety-Hght pounds, the bones
twenty-four pounds, the skin ten and a
half pounds and the brain three pounds.
Thf-re are twenty-eipht pounds of fat and
sixteen rounds of blood. If the. water
were extracted from all these tissues It
wouM weigh 110 pounds.
During starvation the body wastes away
at (he rate of about one pound a day.
rt is Rfn-rally stated that death will oc
cur when the body has lost four-tenths of
its wight. During a fast the tissues
wapte away at different rates. The grcat
fft loss, as might be supposed. Is in
muscle and fat. which has t>een . found to
be 68.4 per cent of the total lops. The
skin loses about 9 per c»nt. the bones 5
the liver 5. the blood 3 and the stomach
and intestines 2. The heart loses nothing
of its weipht during starvation.
How long can a human being live with
out food? In one Instance frequently
quoted, out of a shipwrecked crew o f IS)
who were without food for thirteen days
only fifteen survived. This case, how
pver, furnishes no just data, for expos
ure, fatigue and anxiety were undoubtedly
responsible to a large ejetent for the high
mortality. In one of his recent books
Dr. K. H. Dewey of Meadville, p a ., men
tions the rase of a boy of 4 years old
whose stomach and intestines were so dis
organized by drinking caustic potash that
not even b swallow of water rould be re
tained. Th<» child died on the seventy
fifth day of Jiis fast with apparently
nothing of ihe body left except the bones,
fkin and ligaments.
• • •
The lungs are simply a turned in or
'tucked in" portion of the body and their
membrane covering is merely a modifica
tion of the same Rtructures (epithelial
cell?) which form the skin. The lungs,
although they occupy comparatively little
space, are so constructed as to present an
enormou? surface. This increase of sur
face is pained by the adoption of a sim
ple and ingenious mechanical device found
In many parts of the body, notably In the
brain and the intestines. It consists of a
"crimping" or wrinkling of
the surface. By a device of this kind the
lung*, with a total cubical contents or
only a few hundred inches, present
a surface of about 1000 square feet—
that is. an area equal to the floor of a
room forty feet square. The trachea, or
windpipe, the passage leading to the
lung*, divides and subdivides into smaller
openings, which finally lead to the min
ute chambers where the work of the
Iudrs is done. These air cells, or lobules,
as they are called, vary from 1-16 to
2-200 of an inch in diameter and number
about G0(\000.000.
The skin covers an area of about twenty
square feet, and is perforated by about
T.OiO.000 perspiratory ducts or porfs. each
of which is a complex little apparatus for
the collection and outpouring of the per
spiration.
To the wonders of the body there is
absolutely no end. The following figures
Illustrate some interesting facts and par
ticulars.
E&tor Health Culture Magazine. New York.
The fact that the human body is so in
finitely beyond any other object known
to man in complexity. In mechanical per
fection and in the number of Its parts
makes it quite impossible to give any
clear Idea of it by likening it to other ob
jects. For Instance, man is frequently
compared to a steam engine. And in a
certain sense such a comparison is en
lightening, for, just as a steam engine
is a mechanism for converting the energy
latent in coal and water and air into
energy manifest as heat and work, so the
human body is merely a mechanism for
the transformation of food, water and air
into heat and work. But beyond this the
comparison could not be carried. In the
first place, the body is so much more per
fect as a piece of mechanism that the loss
of energy in conversion is about one-tenth
that lost in the finest steam engine.
Again, as to complexity. If all the steam
engines of all the world were. to be com
bined into one great mechanism, that ma
chine would be crude and simple in com
parison with the human body.
BY W. B- C. LATSON. M. D..
Wonders of the Body.
To return to the general result, it makes sure a Repub
lican national victory next year. New Jersey, Colorado and
Nebraska. Ohio and Iowa settle that. Mr. Bryan carried in
the South, in iqoo, Alabama. Arkansas, Florida, Georgia,
Kentucky. Louisiana, Mississippi, Missouri, North Caro
lina. South Carolina. Tennessee, Texas and Virginia, and
in the North only Idaho, Montana and Nevada, getting 151
electoral votes in all, of which only nine were from the
North. These nine seem assured to Roosevelt next year.
The Democrats may have Delaware, Maryland and New
York, with all of Bryan's Northern votes, and yet have only
108 to Roosevelt's 249. So these elections show no prob
able or possible change in the administration next year.
When Judge Wallace removed the old Board of Super
visors, under our consolidation act, which preceded the
charter. Rainey. a most experienced professional boss, when
interviewed, said that he approved of it and hoped the Su
preme Court would affirm it, for lie wanted to know where
the whole power of the city government met in one man,
for he would elect that man. It is a significant sidelight on
Tuesday's result that Mr. Rainey supported Mayor Schmitz.
The charter created the one-man power for which he had
been hunting, and out of all the candidates he selected the
one that seemed to him the most useful in his business.
The charter of Greater New York is on the same plan.
Tammany wanted the oiie-man government and got its man
in Mayor Van Wyck. But the charter gave such lush op
portunity fcr graft and loot, and Bill Devery and his ban
dits improved it so openly, that in a spasm of reaction
Low was elected. Now the sickening enormities of Devery
are forgotten and the people have let Tammany at the fiesh
pots again, and there is no reason to hope that Mayor
McClellan's exercise of one-man power will rise above its
source. Already the shouts ring from the Bronx to Castle
Garden that it is to he "a wide open town."
THE success of Tammany in New York is the opening
gambit in the political^chcss of 1904. But it must be
studied in the light of the general results of Tuesday's
balloting. Mayor Low had probably given New York the
first example of decent government it has had in a score
of years. But District Attorney Jerome, who finally sup
ported him, uttered sentence upon him before the nomina
| tion by declaring him to be cold and unsympathetic, . too
self-contained for American politics.
That counts in a fight. The late S. S. Cox was^a fine
mixer. He had Presidential aspirations once. On an occa
sion he drew a fellow member of Congress into his lap
with many expressions of fondness and confidence, finally
saying, "Is there anything I can ever do for you?" The reply
was, "Yes, Sam; let me sit in your lap when you're Presi
dent." New York evidently wants a man whose lap is' at the
disposal of his constituency.
Co-ordinating the result there with that in other States,
there are two points in ,the political firmament from which
Democratic stars may fall next year, Tammany and Mary
land. Tom Johnson and Tomijohnsonism fell in Ohio un
der a solar plexus blow administered by Senator Hanna.
That State has given about the largest Republican majority
in a State election since the Civil War, and returns Mr.
Hanna to the Senate by such an overwhelming vote that the
opposition is among the scattering. This retires Mr. John
eon as a Presidential candidate and strikes a blow at his
kind of political mountebanking that will no doubt have an
admonitory and corrective effect upon the Democratic party.
Mr. Gorman makes a showing in Maryland that will put
music in his bugle on the color line issue, but he will be
powerless without Tammany. Will the Sachems and the
Wiskinskies accept him? That seems to be in doubt. It
is intimated that reaction from Bryanism has carried Tam
many so far into conservatism as to make Mr. Cleveland its
preferred candidate. That means that if he will not run he
will say who shall.
The political flower garden of Mr. William Randolph
Hearst got badly frosted. It is true that his New York
paper supported the Tammany ticket, but Tammany wants
tigers and not tomcats. In^San Francisco the Examiner
makes a sorry showing. While we do not pretend that the
election of Mayor Schmitz is complimentary to the field of
newspapers, the defeat of Lane is a revelation of the weak
ness of the Examiner that cannot be overlooked. When it
opposed Lane for Governor he carried the city, receiving
33,000 votes. But when it supported him for Mayor by
roar and roorback, by tooth and nail and all of its political
resources of hammer and tongs, he makes a bad third in the
run, getting less than half the votes he had when it fought
Tiim. Its daily jackdawing of "Lane's the man" and its lam
pooning of other candidates produced no dividends. It
would seem as though the people struck at Hearst through
Lane, and wjiile the shield suffered the Presidential can
didate behind it got a smell of the mold above the rose that
may weaken even his colossal egotism.
The people of the city now know what the charter means.
Its. intention was to provide one-man government and one
man responsibility. There were many who thought this un
wise. But the professional politicians never doubted its
wisdom. ....
The promise contained in that statement is not weakened
by the implied admission of past mistakes and failures. On
the contrary, it is distinctly strengthened by them, for the
admissions serve to show that the Mayor ha3 learned some
thing by experience, and will avoid some 'at least of the mis
takes that disappointed even his own expectations of his first
term. .
How far the Mayor will profit by the teachings of . the
past and rid himself of those influences that did so much
to discredit his first term remains to be seen. He may be
sure, however, that he will have the cordial support of The
.Call in all that he undertakes Jor the public good. A simi
lar support indeed may be promised from almost the whole
conservative element of the people. What is desired is good
government, an administration of public affairs such as will
conduce to the public welfare and individual prosperity, and
in a vast measure' it rests with the Mayor whether or not'
such administration shall be given.
Mayor Schmitz is no longer an inexperienced official.
He has been tried in office and a plurality of his fellow citi
zens have expressed at the polls a continued confidence in
him. It is nothing more than right, therefore, that he should
have ample support from all in his efforts to make his sec
ond term a full reparation for the mistakes of the first. His
statement made to the public through The Call has an un
questionable ring of sincerity, and will be received with a high
expectation of a faithful endeavor on his part to live up to
the spirit of its promise and its pledge.
MAYOR SCHMITZ bore himself well on the evening
following the election when the returns had made
certain his re-election for a second term. He had
no harsh words to say of his opponents, nor did he display
any excessive exultation over his victory. His statement to
the public, published in The Call of yesterday, was doubtless
read with gratification, not onljr by his political supporters,
but by all who have the interests of the city at heart and
wish the new administration well.
The Mayor admits that his first term of office has been
to some 'extent unsatisfactory to himself, and he hopes for
better things in the term that now approaches. As he him
self said in his statement to The Call: "I have no hard
feelings against those who opposed my re-election, and I
will endeavor «to. give the people of -San Francisco a good,
clean administration. I have tried to do this, and would
have done much better if I had had the proper support, but
now that I have the' confidence of the people I hope to carry
out my intentions." ¦
Inch by inch they drew nearer and the
goose flesh which raised itself on "Beech"
would have served the purpose of a nut
meg grater. With a trembling hand the
lieutenant raised the latch of the door
and, counting one, two, three, slid it back
upon its rollers.
There was an unearthly scream.
"Beech" hid behind the door and the
three policemen threw themselves flat on
the floor to escape the shower of bullets.
Then with a hissing like a steam roller
a long black shadow of a cat leaped over
the prostrate forms and was gone down
the echoing corridors.
down at the Hall of Jus
tice knows "Beech," the elevator man.
He has a word and a smile for all and
will even beam upon the prisoner whom
ho is lifting up to the iron door on the
top floor In a manner which invites him
to stay a while.'
The other night "Beech" had a late
trick on the elevator and about 3 o'clock
in the morning, when all was still in the
hall and justice reigned supreme, he
seized the fleeting moment to snatch a
little sleep. "Beech" dozed peacefully.
But hark! A noise in the property
room—suspicious footfalls and muffled
noises from the room, where the Police
Pepartment stores all that is sacred.
"Beech" sprang to his feet and listened,
his nerves all a-tingle. Could any thief
dare to invade the sacred precincts of the
citadel of justice itself and carry off his
loot from under the very noses of the
arms of the law? The honor of the de
partment rested upon "Beech."
Noiselessly he stole into the Central
station and whispered the thrilling newa
to the lieutenant at the desk. Two pa
trolmen were summoned post haste and
the four crept up to the door of the prop
erty room. Their teeth were gritted and
the cold steel of their revolvers shone in
the light of the electric lamp on the
corner.
The. Night Alarm.
the Idea that the European Is in any re
spect worse than the American. He la
different— that is all. He has one stand
ard. We have another. In married life
those two standards do not usually blend.
Home life in Europe is as beautiful as
here and the marriage ties as sacred. But
temperament and environment are ail im
portant factors in married life, and those
of the American differ from the Euro
pean's.
Titles year by year grow more value
less. Examples of misery from the inter
national marriage are yearly more fre
quent and are' recorded in the public
prints.
These two items will, I believe, check
the International marriage in the course
of time, or will at least cut down the
number of its unthinking: victims.
THE OUTLOOK.
THE MAYOR'S SECOND TERM.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY; NOVEMBER 5, 1903.
THE SAN FRANCISCQ CALL
JOHN D. SPKECKELS, Proprietor. .' • . • • » » » . Address All Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
FubMcation Office <I^^^^> Third and Market Streets, S. F.
THURSDAY •••• •, .......NOVEMBER 5. 19OJ
6
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESVolcano cf Malaspiaa Erupts.
MANILA. Nov. 5.— Tbe volcano of Mai- !
asplna In Negros is in a state of Tioient :
eruotlcn. Malaspina Is the loftiest sum- ;
mit of the central mountain chain of the i
island cf Negros. being S132 feet high. It
has never besa ectlreiy quiescent. |
NIAGARA. FALLS, Ont., Nov. 4-— AH
the skilled laborers who were forced to '
q*rit work oa Tuesday by th* strike of SCO!
laborers returned to wcrk to-day in the I
three power plants, and Ute strike is be-|
tiered, to': be broken. Some fifteen of the*
ringleaders of the striking laborers have |
!>:en arrested. The troops , are still on t
guard, bat co further trouble is expected. •
Niagara Strike Is Broken.
MANILA. Not. 5.— The PhiUppin* Com
mission has confirmed the anti-slavery
law passed by the legislative council cf
the Moro provinces. October 5. prohibiting
slave hunting In all the Moro territory
and providing for the confiscation of all
vessel encaged In slave traffic
Ccrfims Anti-SlaTery Law.
KEY: TORK. Xot. t-Cooaaader I
Booth-Tucker of the- Salvation Army*
sailed for England to-day en the Cedrtc !
In respoDM to a cablegram from General '
¦William Bo<»tli. the bead of the army, iti
was fiid at Salvation Army headquar- i
ter« that Commander B->3th-Tucker bad:
b*»«3 so orercctae by the death of hfa '*
wife that General Booth wished him to '
take a few days of rest and to- recover j
from the shock cf his bereavement.
Booth-Tucker Sails for England.
Enbassadcrs Visit the Porte and No
tify Torkisi Ofncials cf Their
Instrcrtiona.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Nov. 4. -Tfce Brit
ish. German. French and Italian Embas
eadors visited the Pcrts yesterday and
notified the Turkish officials that they
were tn receipt of instructions from their
respective Governments t-> support the
Austro-Russian reform scheme. The
Pcrte objects to the control feature of the
reforms. Orders have beea isiued for the
disbandment of cinery-six battalions of
POWERS "WTLL SUPPORT
AUSTRO-BirSSIAN EZF0R3I
P^EDWOOD CITT. Nov. 4-Tt« three
men who were arrested yesterday en the
*u«Ticicn that they were implicated ia
the death cf Fred Eriggan were discharg
ed from, custody to-day. Their discharge
«as the result cf as autopsy performed
en the bc^y cf Erigjos. Dr. Ross, wha
performed it. found no evidences cf vio
lence. He was satisfied frcm his exasiina
tica that Brigran's death was due to
ar-cte aiceholism.
Bri^gan** Death Das to Alcohaliaa.
BOSTON*. N'ov. 4.— An Interesting case
fa the United States Circuit Court to-day :
was that of Mrs. IcxersoU of Dobbs *
Ferry, widow cf Colonel Robert G. lager- : ;
soil, to establish an attorney's Hen for j
J35/XSD for services p€rforraed by Colonel '
Ingerson aa counsel for the contestants I
In the celebrated contest cf the will of {
Andrew J. Davis the Montana copper I
king. ' -j
The hearing was on the motion of the !
plaintiff that J. H. Layson, the special |
administrator of the Davis estate, be re- 1
strained from paying over the shares for |
tiie persons who were parties to the al- [
feged contract by which Iagersoll was t
employed and upon the demurrers wfcich :
defendants have Sled to the bill. Tbe \
defendants are Henrietta Trott and Jo- I
seph A. Corman, two contesting hetrs. I
They claim that the court has bad no J
jurisdiction to tbe case on tbe ground :
that it ts an attempt to stay the probate I
proceedings in Montana and became In-;
gersoli's contract wa3 conditional upon ;
his defeat of the Davis will and the ae- ;
quiremeat by the contestants of their j
share of the estate. Neither of these con- j
ditions, they declare, was fulfilled. De- [
cision In the case was reversed by Judge .
Putnam. :
Widow of Robert Inger- 1
soil Attaches Copper
King's E3tate.
SAN DIEGO, Nov. 4.— The Telephone
and Telegraph Ccrrmittee. of the City
Council has decided to return to the Coun
cil on next Monday night the petition cf
th« Home Telephone Company with the
re<x;mmen<iation that It be denied. The re
win be two reports. Tae majority will
favor the denial of the application en the
ground of the great Inconvenience to the
subscribers of having the two systems.
The minority report will favor the grant
ing of the franchise on the ground that
enterprises should not be kept cut of the
city and that the improved service would
mere than recompense the people for the
inccnverlerce cf having two systems.
Tfcere will b< a warm battle In the
CcuncIL
ing Two Systems in Operation
in San Diego.
Ccmcilneii Are 2Tot in Favor cf Hav-
WXLX REPORT ADVERSELY
ON TELEPHONE FRANCHISE
for Ir.terrn.etit-
SAN JOSE. Ncv. 4.— The funeral cf
Frederick W. Mocre. a well known cloth
ing merchant, was beid this morning from
his residence en the Alameda. Dual fun
eral services were hrii. ilocre was a
Christian Scientist and the First Charcb
cf Christ cSdentist> conducted the first
services, under the leadership cf J. L.
BtcO. It was the first Christian Sciene
farenl held in this city. Following this
th* Knights Templar, cf whica deceased
« as a prominent member, esndacted s*r
vtc<~. EKsent Commander H. A. Alex
ander and Prelate W. F. Park«r had
charge cf the exercises. A chcir rendered
=usic-
Th# funeral services were largely at
tended and there were many '—'itTfiii
floral pieces. Knight* Templar. Elks a&d
Eag'e* attended in a body. The remain
were taken to Cypress Lawn Cemetery
for crenatica. 6. G. Tocpkira. H. A.
Pfister. W. G- Alexander. W. H. Hay
deck. Dr. J. W. Davy tnd A. J. Koch
were pallbearers.
Mocre was cne cf th* best knewn men
ia Santa Clara County. Ee was & satire
cf Santa. Crux and 43 years cf tge. For
6. ess her cf years fce conducted a larg*
clc thing rtcre here. His death occurred
Mcnday frcra fcrcnchiai gnecmenia.
Scnairs c* San Jsse aierchart Are
Takes, to Cypress La-s-a Cenetery
MOORE FU2TEBA!, SERVICES
ARE LARGELY ATTENDED
SEATTLE. Nov. 4.— Captain Frederick
Warner, master of the steamship Oregon:
First Mate Edward Healy and Second Of
nc»*r Charles Gtintart were to-night bound
over ty Um"ted States Commissioner
Kiefer to the Federal Grand Jury to an
swer tie charge of using undue severity
In disciplining John L*>w, a seaman on the
vessel. Low claims to have te<?n severely
beaten by the first and second officers
shortly after the vessel left Nome en
October 23 b«<rat;?e he was tn a drunken
condition and unable to respond to the
call to go on watch wh«n siinmon**! to
do so. After the defendants were bound
over Seaman Swessinger swore tn another
complaint against First Officer Healy.
rharginx a. similar ofTen** committed
•--•-. him <yn the voyage from Nome to
this port. Healy gave bonds for his ap
pearance and will be given a preliminary
hearing en Saturday next.
Oregon File Ccaxpl nints With the
Federal Officers.
Tsro Menbers cf the Crew of ths
OFFICERS OF STZLA3ISHH?
ASZ ACCUSED OF CRUELTY
KANSAS CITY, Ncv. -t— In all prob
ability a general strike cf the union em
ployes of the local packing-houses will
be ordered In the next twenty-four hours
as an outcome of the sausage-makers*
strike at Chicago^ Officers ta this city cf
tbe Amalgamated Meat Cutters' and
Butchers* Union received word to prepare
for "a strike order. Should snen an order
be issued it woud. It Is estimated, affect
1X6 men and SCO women tn tbe Kansas
City plants.
Sausage-Makers Slay Strike.
Wl i n a super quantity cl piacst ,
and energy and an abundance ;
of practical kno*ied,g» of
miniag. acquired on the cold
frontier of the United States'
mest northern territory, two women — one
a native daughter cf California and the
other w»n known throughout the wide
western mining sections of the northern
hemisphere — are about to undertake a
gigantic scheme f-jr developing one of the
richest g-?id producing portions of Alaska.
Mrs. Isab^r.e M. Healy. whose name Js
prominently i-ientified with the early his
tory cf Dawsor. RXtd Nose, and Mrs. M.
C. Gilmcre. who has spent several years
in the Northwest In search of gold, cf
which she has already successfully mined
a fortune, departed from this city for
New Tork on last evening's train on a
rnissica that Involves a deal cf enter
prise, money and business tact. They are
bound for the Eastern metropolis for the
purpose cf Interesting capita! in a pro
ject which includes the building of a rail
road from the Bay of Good Hope inland
along the Imnachuck River to the min
ing tewn of During., a distance of some
thing like twenty miles; the establishing
of a steamship line from the bay south
ward to Nome, the development cf thirty
claims along th» Imnachuck River which
are owned by tbe two ambitious women
and for the Inaugurating cf a general |
trading business in that far away terri
tory.
PIONEER OF DAWSON.
Business undertakings are net new to
Mrs. Healx and Mrs. GUmore. The for
mer ventured into Alaska with her hus
band in 133, when th? Yukon district had
a population of a few hundred men. She
witnessed that small population rapidly
swell to thousands. an<i watched Daw
sen, with a few canvas tents, thrive until
its location oa the territorial map was
marked by substantial fcusigess buildings, j
the spires .of chcrches and the brewn I
painted roofs of numerous schoois. With j
the pioneers cf th« new mining world
Mrs. Healy acquired valuableanlning pos- j
sessions and as the commerce of the j
town developed so did her Interests Ia Its
mercantile Institutions.'
Three years ago. when the first rush for
Nome began. Mrs. Healy journeyed thith
er and, aided by her knowledge of min
ing, she was soon in possession of some
cf the richest claims In that district- It ,
was there that Mrs.- Healy first met Mrs. {
Gllmcre, who had been attracted north ¦
by the stories of the great gold discover
ies. Together- these plucky women later,
when the news cf rich finds along the
Imnachuck River reached Nome, has
tened northward and within a few
months* time they had located thirty val
uable claims along 1 the banks of that
stream. With money at their disposal
they rapidly proceeded with the openfng
up. cf their properties, known as the
Polar Bear group, and their efforts were
soon rewarded by rich strikes. \
CLAIMS SICH US' GOLD. :
Fully appreciating the magnitude of
their new undertaking and the need cf
modern conveniences for operating their
claims. Mrs. Healy and Mrs. Giiniore con
ceived the Idea, of organizing a company
which could build railroads, establish
¦teassship connections with Nome and the
more civilized world farther smith and
cngag« In general trading teat would not
only be of financial benefit to their own
Interests, but those cf others who had
Joined them at the Uttle town of Deertag.
"With dirt from the shafts and tfce drifts
cf their claims yielding as high as C4 a
pan and the ground getting richer as the
work progressed the two women tastily
developed their plans for the greater un
dertaking and several weeks ag» they
left Deering for San Francisco and
reached here about eight days ago. WcCe
tarrying la Seattle for a few days the
message came from Deering thqt the
claims adjoining- theirs had been opened
and were panning as high as IT?.
Other women have figured prominently
In the mining Interests of Alaska, but
Mrs. Healy and Mrs. Gilmare are the first
of their sex to ccn» out of that wild but
rich country with a project .mvolvteg
commercial enterprises of a magnitude
tuxt demands attention frcia the moseyed
men of the Eastern financial center.
AJTEB EASTZBN CAPITAL.
Of their undertaking they are mest
hopeful and look forward to returning to
Deerteg next spring with ample assurance
of proceeding with their plans. Discussing
their enterprise yesterday afternoon, Mrs.
Healy said:
TB*r» ts an reason w&y a wesaa should act
sneceeti :j £tK; ii aa oa<i<rtakfcj. We bar- as
•rtr#r;:ri*(* that "will certainly appeal to c«a o!
capital, and asple rr1«J*nc« of the exi.«*nce of
* Ter y t tJ=jr on tinf jfTccnd as we hare portrayal
••.' Th« claJma we hare cpen-d are remark
ably rich, and the tarae rir fc* *aM cf t!ios<§
aijotafa* thea. wJ-Seii ar* cow being thaw»*I
and worked by a irssaber of parties. The la
rack a,rk River U a Iarsf« body cf •wa.tsr famiaii
i=r a ynjplj- »!t th« y»*r reandfer tnlnlm? pr^p
•ttiMi 13 ad»aata«» that etfeer zstelag dtstricts
oZ A.i5ki fca.TB not enjoyM. Our plan ta to
rcastm^t aa el«ctric roai from the Bay of
Gcoi Hore to Deeriag. We eaa get all th-»
power wa r.*ed frota tEse river, anl <T»atsatlr
th» road can be ert*sd«*i tr> ether pofats. One
thin* sr«»atly In farcr cf the Imnai-hUTit Hirer
is that miaer» ran »«rk alJ the year
as th«y »r% dotnj: to-day. TTitji a *t»aicsr
ferric* to N'ccse pajwenar-r trafSc ran he jtart-
M northward early ia tie iprirur and later the
boats can be u*ed for brtnitnx np freijSt.
Th-.r- ar« trlendtd rppcrm-.i'j^ f- r trails?,
whi.-h. of cours«r. will naturally ' follow tie
Mtabtishrn* of a ste»ra«r tine. Th«r<" f* no
<!catt tJiat we will meet, with enccTiras^m<»nt
ia til- EULst. f'Tr tberm if plenty cf capital
ttwrr- for Jnxirstiisenu cf thlm scrx,
It is the olan cf Mr?. Healy and Mrs.
Gilmore to organise a company tn New
Torte. For the perfecting of this plan
they are carrying eastward rich samples
of piacer rold taken from their claims
and a stock of photographs showing the
Imnachuck River district. After they
have rot their organization well under
way it is the Intention of Mrs. Healy and
J^rs. Gilmor* to proceed on to Paris.
where they will be guests of the promoter
cf the Alaskan-Siberian Railway. Lofcn
de Lobel, in whose enterprise they are in
terested, and return earty in the spring
to th«ir northern raining possessions.
Emery's Royal Italian band -will jcivs
the following programme at the Alhatn
bra Theater to-night:
PART I.
1 — March. "Amerv-an Bell* B»nt>y
2 — Overture. "Zampa" Ilerold
3 — Euphonium solo. "Serenade". .Gounod
Sfgnor OurtL
4 — "Hearts and Flowers'* Tobani
5— "La Tesca." grand selection. .Puccini
Incidental solos.
PART II.
« — March. "Oregon" Chiaffarelli
7 — "When Johnny Comes Marching
Home" Edwards
. latest comic opera success ia N"ew
York. Incidental solos by SJgisor d*
Mitrts.
S — -T>7v* In Idleness" Macbeth
9 — "La Traviata." grand fan tasie. .Verdi
Prelude, act I-
Finale. act III.
Ballroom scene and Finale, act I.
Incidental duet by SIgnori Paima and
Locioate •
Sergeant Wolf Secures Affidavits.
IJOS ANGELES. Nov. 4.— Sixteen afi
davits made by attorneys, prominent busi
ness men. newspaper men and others
were sent north to-night on the Owl to
be used in the trial cf the case of George
B- Slmpaon against Police Sergeant Reu
ben Wolf and a patrolman before the
San Francisco Beard of Police Gcnunis
rioners to-morrow. All cf them attack
Simpson's character and reputation ia
Los Angeles.
We bare all the new pictures and
frames for the coming holiday trade now
en exhibition and «*le. Inspection de
sired. Sanborn. Vail&Cow741 Market.*
Kills Kan Who Tried to Bob TTf-n, f
BAKERSFIELD. Xot. 41— A. telephone
message from KerarHle received late last
night announced that James "Walker, a
well known resident of tne mountain
country, had shot and kHIed a Mexican
near Isabella. Walker claims that the
latter had attempted to rob fcfwt,
The old original Indian Basket Store,
GS Post St., cor. Jones, selling cut at cost.
Examine our stock before buying. • '
Cliolera Appears in. Luzon.
MANILA. Nov. L— Twenty-two cases of
Asiatic cholera occurreyl In Vigan. the
capital of IIocos Sur, L aon. lest week.
Twenty-one deaths are xeporteU.
SUES FOR FEE
OF $95.000
EVANSVILLE. L-.d.. Nov. 4.— A slight
earthquake shock was felt here thl3 after
noon. No damage was done.
LOUISVILLE. Ky.. Nov. 4.-A slight
shock of earthquake wa3 felt here this
afternoon, but no damage was done.
About one tour later another shock is
reported to have been felt. It was leas
S€vere than the first.
MEMPHIS. Tens.. Nor. 4.— A distinct
earthquake shock was felt all over Mem
phis this morning. No damage was dace,
but In a number of instances tenants t»
high buildings hastened to the street. An
other distinct shock occurred at 1U3 p. in.
Reports from surrounding towia tell of
earthquake shocks, but no serious damage
ts reported. Th* vibrations were felt as
far south as Grenada. Miss.
Reports from. Clarksville. sixteen miles
south, say the Quake was plainly felt
there also. No damage resulted her* *roni
the shock.
ST. LOCI3. Nov. 4.— This city and vi
cinity experienced a decided earthquake,
or series of shocks, at 10:3) o'clock thi3
racrning. There is a difference of opinion
as to how many. The earthquake was
generally felt ail over the city and was
mostly felt in the high business blecks In
the downtown section. One occupant of a
high building said his chandelier swung
three inches. The movement was from
east to west.
WOMEN WHO HAVE ACQUIRED CONSIDERABLE WEALTH IN ALAS
KA MINES AND ARE NOW PLANNING TO DEVELOP A RICH GOLD
FIELD ON THE WESTERN SLOPE OF THE TERPJTORT.
Shock Extends Over
Wide Area Without
Damage.
mained under water. His wife went into
the water to help him ashore, but was
unable t>> do so until a young man who
saw the acciient went to her assistance.
When brought ashore Crydenwis* was
dead. He waj» aged about T> years and
was for marv years a resident of San
Jcse. where be was well known. He was
among the earliest cottagers atSeabright,
spending a portion of each year there.
SANTA CRUZ. Nov. 4-— D. S. Cryden
wise cf San Jcs* was drowned this after
neon at Seat right, where he had a cot
tage. While ta the water gathering
driftwood he hurt his I*g and in trying
to get ashore slipped and felL a Large log
rolling on him. For thr^e minutes he re-
LOSZS HIS LTFE WETLE
GATHZBCTG BBJJTU'OOD
D. S. Crydenwise. a Besident of San
Jcs«. Uro-smed in the Surf at
Seabright-
Crrrps Are Gathered a^d Bain. Ccnes
*t Oppcrtcre Tine.
KOLLISTr.R. Nov. ¦*. — A steady rainfall
c:mmer.ce-i here this morning at 8 o'clock
and continues its downpour. The rain will
<•-> no damage to fruit, as It has all be<=n
taken car* cf by reason cf the favorable
weather.
ilEHCET 1 . Ncv. 4.— The first rain cf the
Kttoo began falling here at ro>tn to-day.
Tfce rain, is very timely, although the n»
< -*s:ty fr.r it was net pressing so fir as
crop conditions are concerned. Proba.b:y
.i rLTth- cf an inch feU during the after
noon, with prcsp*ct for more tc-nigfet.
MILTON. Sor. 4.— Rain ccmmencM fall
ing t*re at 8 a. ra. and continued sttadlly
till aftemocn. Indications p«jint to a fur
t^ere fail. The weather is warm and cor.-
I are irery Javorabl« for grass. High
up in the mocntians the storm will be cf
great benefit to r-'-irg- interests.
•:OLUSA. N v. 4 -Bain <-ommtnc«3 fall
ing last night about midnight and it
raised steady until 7 o'clock this mem
tmg. Tttty-tm» ucm taatfrctfxfaa cf an inch
felL It is r>*r f>-rright. No damage.
SACBJkMESTCX. Nov. 4.— The rainstorm.
et last night and this nicmirg did great
go«:d in this community. The bean and
srap* crop* had practically t*-n har
¦- so n<> <ia.mage was <Joce. Plows
vQ b* 5«t t» turning on th-e highlands,
where farmers were complaining of too
much dry weath*r. and summer fallow
and volunteer grain crcp* will start to
Enjwir:^.
STOCKTON. Nov. c— Rain b*gan falling
**rty this morning and there has been a
good precipitation. There are in-i:cati:ns
that th» storm is net yet over. Reports
Cneaa all over the ccunty L-.dlcate that the I
rain is g»r.eral. The rain comes very I
¦¦ppcrtcnely and mere would b* welcosi*. j
as it win pot Cbc fell ia ccndiUoa for ;
SAN JOSE. Nov. 4.— After we*** cf dry '
weather the rain t*?gaa to fall at T a. m. |
to-day and the downpour has continued !
mith slight intermissions ever since. The j
vmQey ka rca-iy C«r IX. The prunes are all '
;t f the way. the grap«s are nearly all i
gathered a-i no damage b-t m-ch gocd j
VIS restU frcm the predpitation.
SANTA CRUZ. Nov. 4.-Rain began fall- j
ing this lacming and is continuing, with '
tttwa It win net do any dam- ;
age. as tbe iong spell cf dry weather has '
enabled th< greater pcrticn cf the grape I
crcp to be g*ih.ered.
FAE2TESS ABE BEJOICXSG.
It was intimated that the Southern Pa
cinc take* a light view cf the importance
of Oregon Bad treats it with a measure
of contempt. The recent statement issued
fcy the Hirriman system in which It was
set forth that more than ittJOOuBOa has
be-?n spent in improving the lines of the
system vu referred to, and the observa
tion was made that apparently wery little
cf this money found its way to the Oregon
branch of the Southern Pacific.
PORTLAND. Or.. Nov. 4. -At a meet
ing of the committee of the Chamber of
Commerce to— iay. ft was frequently said
in the various speeches thac the Southern
Pariftc was hindering the development of
Oregon, and it was freely advised that
relief be so::zht from the next Legislature
ari that seme of the railroad statutes of
Texas b« adopted. It tm pointed out
that each *ea.son. for at least the last six
years past, there has been a shortage ia
cars. This lack cf facilities has increased
each year until the present time, when it
has reached such a. stage that the railroad
com pan y has recently b«sen forced to
nT£jk-» prohibitory rates en lumber from
certain districts that the bulk of the de
mani for cars may be shut off.
In explanation of the shortage the rail
.roa-i company has stated that much of it*
rolling rtcck has t*« employed upon the
Ogcen-Lucin cut-cfT. where it was neces
sary to divert from the regular lines of
business large numbers of engines and
cars. The transportation committee
*»enied to think that there are other rea
sons for the shortage of cars. They admit
ted the possibility that the cut-eff work
might be in a measure responsible, but it
was intimated that because of the fact
that ths Santa Fe is building near the
southern route cf the Southern PaciSc.
many cars that should be in service here
had been taken to that district, that the
cempany might be better enabled to tsht
against the inrcais cf the opposition
company.
SjwriaJ IM*^.tra to Tie CiH.
TEMBLOR SHAKES
EASTERN CITIES
Seriously Injured: Carrie llooney. -jtOI
probably die; German Watkins, will prob
ably die; Y.-rrrmn. Oyer. both legs broken;
Lizzie Con way. leg- broken; Mrs. L. L.
Free, back sprained; E. P. Con way. head
cut acd bruised; Mary Emous. internally;
Joaepa Hollo way; Lizzie Canary, le? frac
tured; Minnie Soeder, both legs fractured;
Margaret Finnegan. scalp wound, severe
shock: Esther Lcftus. both legs broken;
Mrs. E. E. Godeil, legs, head and arms
badly injured; B€njamin Mirahum. head
cut: Nellie McConneU. collarbone broken:
B. F. Fleming, back sprained ; t\ V. 'Wag
ner, ribs broken.
NHLLJE LUSCOilBE.
AH the injured lived in Kansas City.
Kans., or Its suburb*. Several cf them
were children going- to schcoL The dead:
Of the injured Carrie Mocney. also a
dry goods clerk, suffered both legs broken.
and Herman Watkins, a clerk In the
Methodiat Book- Concern, whose jaw was
broken and who was otherwise hurt, will
die it is believed. Seventeen others were
more or Ies3 seriously hurt, five cf thjsm
having broken bones. The other thirty
four injured sustained only minor cuts
and bruises.
KAX3AS CITY, Nov. 4.— O=e person
was killed and fifty-one others injured.
two perhaps fatally, ia the collision of
cable cars fci a for early to-day on the
steep Twelfth- street viaduct. MM of the
injured were shop- giris on the way from
their tomes fci Kansas City. Kaca.. to- the
big department stor-?s on tfce Missouri
side. The dead girt. Nellie Lcscomt*.
a?ed » years, a clerk, was instantly
killed. She was found buried beneath the
debris. A small piece of steel, the sir*
of a lead pencil, had b*en driven into her
skull between her eyes, and the left sida
of her head was crushed.
PROMINENT OIL
MEN ARE AT WAR
J. H. Bresaaa. Czited Scat** Imllaa A*«st.
El5»=5«it. S. r>. : Toot teiegraai r*c*rre4
Tou cazcot gjLjject 'Wyotaisg- tj waive rtyit t»
cc-.iact :-T»i;:j-i;i.;- aj t3 Ttolaans of 'ts
lairs. The Surr«s:« Ojcrt o* th'* Cair«d State*
ta t!»« ••Rarehcrse" case c*c*ed C9oa these
rights. I would ii-.-lv» rwpect soir. thoc^h laie.
fjr this State'* rtfhts. I cstist tnsUC epec these
Indian* rec^rsiajr wlti ocr SS«rt2 fzK. aa I
would Isr tia return of & waKe son ciary-rf
¦witJs trtirj^. Mx biT-^s ' "a tloti regar^Iiay Si:I..*t
diners rroia ro«r» as stated. A lex«i es-resti
iratioo. In sj fadrtaeat. ia » the ts»r»«t cf
year Iruiians. F. CH-^TTEKTOX. G-:Ter=cr.
In his telegram to the Governor cf
South Dakota. a_<jrt-?g that the Indians be
turned over to the ShertSf of Converse
CouKty. Gcrerncr Chatterton says:
The Ua?t»d States Ssrretn* Cocrt fa the
"Raceiflrse" ease ri^es tha risht to try a»l
pu=^h Ia<ila*3 x's.lztizg Szxa laws. I a»Jt
that thesis Isdia=s te tr?ate<i as a=y watte
icaa c!iarr5-i wtti ertises.
Xo answer has up to this time beea re
ceived from the Governor cf South Da
kota.
¦WASHINGTON". Nor. 4. —The Co=:mi5
stoner of Indian Affairs to->iay received
the following telegram from Indian A?ent
Brennan. wao Is at Newcastle. TVyo.:
"Repcrt of Indian trouble here exag
gerated- From best information at hand,
thirty- five jiiles north cf Tuak. a fUfit
occurred between efzeers and was twen
ty Indians, some cf them from. Pin*
Ridye. Seven Indians. Including one
sc;uaw. killed, also Sheriff and deputy.
About ten Indian families under arrest
here. "Will start them for ay»ncy to
morrow. In my opinion a mistake was
made In precipitating the Sgnt. WbuM
reconinxend that United States Attorney
of this district be directed to act on be
half cf the department and make a thor
ough Investigation. I am assured by
cfScers of this county that no furth-r
trouble will occur."
The Indian Office sympathizes with the
view that the whites were the azrressors.
and will recommend to Secretary Hitcn
cock that he ask the Attorney General to
have the affair investigated as recara
mesded by Mr. Brennan.
EXK3E1IONT. S. D-. Xov. <-— A poss*
has reached here with r!:« tucks and
twelve s<;na-ar3 of the party of Sioux that
killed Sheriff Miller and Deputy Falia
bcrs In "Wyoming. They were captured
on the Cheyenne River near the South
Dakota line. Other members cf the band
eluded the ucs3e and escaped.
CHETENXE. Wyo.. Nov. 4.— There Is a
prcapect of a clash between the Wycmizs
authorities and the Government over th*
Indian troubles-. The Indian a^eut wishes
Govercor Chatterton to crder the release
cf nine bucks held at Edgerncu:. S. D.
Governor Chatterton to-ni^ht received the
following telegram:
EDGEilOST. S. D . JTjr. 4. — Qog«rsor
Ciaisertoo. Ch^rsas*: Frrta t~rz brtonsstSoa
I caa s»t. the kiUi^^ cf s*v»3 Iadia^s a Coc
verse Coosty en. list Saisriay wu t,3taily
uajustinabE* Ttt Ir.1:ar:i w^r« trivelisx oa
th* ro*d ¦artti. ti-eir fi=il>s ta waxans wiea
Cr»d taia tr ciertit ici f-j^». Tsn I=ili*=a
an.4 tb«tr far-.m*m axv caier arrest b*r? i:J
belli br oritr of SheriS cf Cccr-rse Ceuntr-
TO 17-.;.! «a.7 fcrth«r trcutl<» would recotrassead
yea orter tieir release aad aUow th«a t> r»
tura ta thm axsacy- I will b« reasocaitle frr
tie=. aad aTier *a tii«atixatiO3 ti asy ef
then ar« wasted will tsra the=i ov«r ta prefer
aatiortiie*. Th»r wers a^* 31 *^ to O*iota fcr
ec« d yotir Sisrt'J- J. R. BREXXAN.
United States Isdiia A*e=t.
In answer to this the Governor wired as
foHowa:
Ra:r fen prr«ral!y in Northern Califor
nia Tu-esday ru^ht and early yesterday
rrrT»T T5»e stem tnarlcs the er-d cT
tbc -r-lrr-£«i dry spell, according to the
ts.*at. w .-r tureau cCcials. In the 202 days
pnctCZzx Tuesday it has rainfri but
Prciessor McAdie stares that w»
m**mTi toon have plenty cf wet weather.
;« ri» area cf hies pressure extending
r-.-'r z-e whole "West asA Northwest has
nlmesi whclly disappeir»<i.
The ralniall in San Francisco Tuesday
r.-^cht a=o*-nte<i t> .O cf an inch; ia. Bo*
r.ka rhe rairjTaH was 1.60 inches. The
¦tons was .expected for three days before
tta arrtTg.1 tad the t=eterc logical experts
s.re trying M discover the reasca for its
¦bw prcirress.
The dry srell *J» th» I^^?i>st since the
snrrent cf the mrca:her bureau.
ifty-f.-ur years a^o. The ¦orhsie State is
tadly in need cf rain a.nd the p-opie cf
tr.e s.«-ri<— :'r=T»I districts are anxiously
swaitinj mere stcrtns.
Tr.e wind very heavy cutside the
tcafia Tvesiay nl^ht. A veiociry cf sixty
n^iles an hssr was reported from the vt-
I'lrtfy cf Potr.t P.ej-es.
Indian Agent Blame3 the
Whiter for All the
Trouble.
Assert That Southern Pacific
Is Retarding Growth cf
Tceir State.
Most of the Victims Shop
Girls Returning From
Wcrk.
Moisture.
Weather Bureau Predicts Era
cf Low Pressure and
Oregon Merchants An
gry Because of the
Car Shortage.
Storm Ends a Kecord-
Breaking Season of
Drouth.
One Person Killed and
Fifty-One Hurt at
Kansas City.
Murderers of Wyoming
Law Officers Caught
in South Dakota.
Two Women, Who Have Pioneered Wilds of
Alaska, Planning to Build a Railroad and Es
tablish Steamer Line to the Rich Imnachuck
A sensitive dog will follow the track of :
a nan who Is wearing Its master's boots,
and will reject the track of its master If
be baa ca strange boots.
BAKERSFIE^D. Xot. 1— E. W. de
Groot of Los Acssl?s and E. Satro cf San
Francisco to-day tiled a suit for 5US.&0
against the Bakers5e!d On and 5:ock Es
chacge and the five directors. Joha A.
Buntinsr, Solomon Jewett. II. A. Blodgett.
G. A. Hare and Clarence J. Berry. The
plaintiffs are stockholders la the exchange
and allege that the five directors of the
organtzins corporation appropriated 'J> .'* ''.
shares each far themselves, without ad
vtsing' the other stockholders, who were
obliged to pay the par value of SL and
that they jtbscqaently leaned tee cor
poration *n,«10 and then liquidated t!w
tEdebtedne33 by appropriating 3S.i»J
shares additional to themselves, tfeos ob
i.-.irdr.z an undue and di3propcrtiocate
voles in tb<? naragement to the injury
of other stockholders. The plaintiff* al
lege that the directors ?ave no consider
ation for tb>?ir stock and a?k for judg
ment ajcalnst them for the amount of its
par value, the same to be paid back Into
the treasury of the exchanye-
Tfce parties to the suit are all prcrsiaent
oil men aad capitalists well ksown
throughout the State.
Suit Is Brought Against
Directors of Bakers
field Exchanga
HEAVY RAINS
FALL IN NORTH
MAY ENLIST AID
OF LEGISLATURE
STREET CARS
COLLIDE IN FOG
THEIR PLUCK AND ENERGY
DEVELOP BIG ENTERPRISE
SIOUX WARRIORS
ARE CAPTURED
THE SAX FBAlivCISCO CAL.U THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1903.
7
l..MIHRAN J S..i
I f>. XETT COIXXCTIOK S i
§ OF BAREST ANTIQUE «
IPersianj
I Rugs j
j O Beiss Sold at O
I AUCTION 1
I TO-DAY, THURSDAY. S
§ DAILY AT 2tfO P. M. §!
Q S7CC1AI. EVEXIXG SAtX SATCR- *C"
§ DAT. S P. M. §
¦ § TtJ« n»w iaicoctatJoa ccutaics rtr» iz. §
O ml ir.t:ij-*» »h:ch will -i'liytit <sa- *-'
•C» cotsseors tad iovera of t - e astiii*. C" ,
C* Tb* c- H-ction of l*r%9 carpets 'j rrwmt O
;-% fceastiral rrer «eea. .%
g Tt* entir* raQectfoa is easae from W
g tbe On&ss-bocW win b« t ¦-; i at .ca- ,-. ;
f> reset-red mocOiiB. 'As vw/cttasizy ft
I Mi HR AIM'S I
| 205 Post Street I
A TYU"V 1-L.Tf V k. Tt tr >« i -m_
To-morrow we put
on sole all the used
pianos remaining
in our warcroom
— Numerous re-
ductions on stan-
dard highest class
pianos -—New era
o! methods at Pom-
mer -Eilers' saves
; shrewd buyers
; many dollars—
I Two carloads this
; week—Easy pay-
; ments— Write at
•j once— Call Mon-
r| day.
r |T 13 THS CSUJLL MTCK-LOOXED-
«! I fits piano eTent cf th- fall Peopla
< ; * wait for i^ They have been asxins
| ¦ for scrse time now wi« iz wctild occur.
'! It is not to be confused with any so-
i ( called sale. This is one star*, w* be-
! { lieve. that does not buy up use-i or r.e-w
• | pianos far «peclai sales. Tils may fc>»
r ; th* reason that after such a splurga ia
- j other places the number of Instruments
' [ returned was. we are told. ¦?•;-•— V*
j those kept by th* purchasers. This in
! one cf the few stores, also, that hold
1 1 firmly to one price. We don't liie to be-
lieve this, but when reputable pecpls
come to us and say, ""Now I have an
• offer cf 2H per cent discount "n a nam-
, ingly well-known piano, and if you can
, ; meet it oa toe Kimhall I'll u.i> it."
, i what else can we believe? Our answer
t j to ruch people Is brief: "Xj, we tl*xst
. j break prices c*i a new piano ia perfect
j [ condition."
• A year ago w« mada tha largest sa!?9
t j on us«d and reduced piar-C» In this city.
• * excepting our own sale cf las;. April. ,
» < which was phenomenal. This year wa
" ! ar» offering tha highest-grade stoci.
, ; more variety and all prices than we wer»
[ able to o3er ther^ The used pianoa
' j have come to us in the regular course of;
¦ ' trading as part payment for Haaeltens.
i Listers. Kimballs. Oecic«rs. Haiiett Jc
, ¦ Davis and other new instruments that
I { we hava sold during the past half year.
': 5 Good San Franc:3«co families have owned
i [ them. We know their history and coa-
{ dition. Many of them w«re exchanged.
. j cot because new if.struraenta wer»
j ne<ressary. but b**cau*» their owners
( could afford to Indulge their preference
i for some other style, just as they wonld
[ select a new gown. Those that need re-
i pairs have be*n renovated the roughly.
UPRIfiHT PIAH0S
Oa« Singer Plans, valmtt case. !a
| splendid condition. Originally 133*.
( cow $167.
I One A^crt. walr.ut cos>. U3e<I f-r a
I short time. Originally j:3>>. n<r» S173.
Os« SC_ro«grer, walr.ut case, useri only
: three years: tn p«>rf*ct condition. Orix-
t inaUy SSStL now $163.
Oas PiscJttr. ebon ized ca*e. Iargeat
! sLr?. Originally IZM. now J143.
' Oa« Teu, mahotra.-.y case, practically
I I new. Originally J-T3. new S'i.lO.
I Oa* m^«»^. e!x.Rizeti ea3*. largest
. ; sise. Originally J550. now SI4O.
i Oa« S-e^er. mahogany case, concert
, I size, but slightly used. Originally $«5->.
. [ now S237. _,
Ose •p»r*~ rM^ <?bc::!2£d case. Orijia-
aUy *:50. now S35.
i j On« Jacob l>cl^ ca5c case, shop-worn.
, | Originally %ZZ l >, row T*^**
• { Sarper Br-c*.. el>oniz^«1 case, lar?* siza.
, I Orisinally tZW, now $237.
[ Oa« Ziester, uuhPcany cas^. ccisnial.
I 5li5htly xis*L Originally . 130'). now
( E«sa« ft Trcny. ebenized case. Ortc
' inaUy iZ*>\ now «1SO.
XIix*« 1T^t t **. inediuns size, have beea
ca rent. Originally iZST. cow S-37.
Tcsasies-Jiiler». lar^?st case. Origla-
ally t'l). now $173.
St «in way. largest sise. mahssany case.
Orisrinaily JT50. n»?w S433.
TliTaay, mahogany case, -¦'•'..:" size.
OrijrtnaUy «2*3. row S136.
Peek & Sol, ebony case. Originally
$3T5. now Sl-U.
Pcmmer-EUen. cediua siz*. walnut
case. Originally 123^. now 5133.
SQUARE PIANOS
Oa» Vest, T 1-3 octaves, carved legs,
OTerstrun^. S43.
Oa« •Staler, 1 1-3 octaves, carred
le?». overstrung. $7150.
Oa« •*»•»" carved legs, ebenired caset.
S43.
Oat Tom, rosewood case, carved leys.
overstmn?. SB8.
Oae St«taway, elegant cendsticn. rose-
wood. $33. .,
Two C5±ekeria*«, rose-arocd case. » oc-
taves. S33 and $43.
Oa* Waldo, * 1-3 octaves, octagon legs.
B«atty. medium size plane, fine Vjv.9,
Originally J30«>. now $SS.
WHAT OTHED DEALERS MAY SAT
Other dea!«T3 say t^> y»c «f ours*.
that the pianos smld by Pom=3>»r-ES>r»
Music Col are inferior instruments. Bear
In mind that you cannot expect to he«r
cf the gocd qualities of mxr pianr^a. tha
KaxeltCTi. th<» Decker, the Kimball. the
Lester, etc^. from dealers and their sat-
ellites who have Instruments cf their
1 own to sell- Furthermore. Pommer-
t Eilers say to yna. -Money back if yonr
! ourchase here is not absolutely as nr>-
r-sented.- Tour banker will teU ywa
t », a t w» are perfectly respcnsible- AH
cf our Instruments are bonght for spot
cash, from the various leading factories.
f Tou rna co risk in buying your instro-
| taer.t from usl .
We can refer yoa to over cm thca-
saad patrons who have dealt with us.
Seseafecx tis F!ae«,
Pommer - Eilers
Music Company
653 MARKET STREET
Saa Francisco's best and busiest stars.
f EXPERT OPTICIAMS. (&S
* Prescription
EYE CLASSES
At Mo$r3t3 Cost. '
Vfi42 A R K KTSt
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists H&ilal
on Application.
rsxsx Aan> salt aczAZS.
JAS BOYES & CO.
OILS.
LCBaiCATXXa CELa: l^CXARD ft m.TJ.-i.
1I» Trc&t i*_. =- F. FhcsM Mi'.n iZlX
P3XSTI3G.
ECfflJeHES, mSgi,.
We want all sickly men and
t-onien to know that good health
lyill return if tier will only try
Vie Bitters. Hundreds have found
true. It alwaj-s cares Indiges-
tion, Constipation, Biliousness,
Dyspepsia or Malaria, Fever and
Ague. Try it to-day.Several bookmakers have recently been
added to the list who will make the trip
across the continent, and the ring of
Oakland will have much the flavor of an
Eastern inclosure when the "Mets" put
up their slates. The difference will be
that there will not be the little hand
slates, and the high stools, that adorn
Eastern betting rings, to satisfy a law
prohibiting pool selling.
NOTES OF THE TTJRF.
Sandy McNaughton delayed his depart
ure for San Francisco. He is gathering
a likely string for the season. Jockey
Connell will return with him, after a
good Kastern season. Mackey Dwyer will
be one of the stars of the McXaughton
string.
good account of himself in the light
weight division, will do the riding for the
stable.
Sixth race, one mile and a quarter — Never-
Fuch won. Curate ceoond, Googoo third. Time,
2:13.
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs — Domino
Whist won. Eleata eecond. Geranium third.
Time, 1:11.
Flirt race, six furlonga — Fair Lady Anna
wen, RoEsmond eecond. Amorous third. Time,
1:1714.
fecund race, five furlongs — Onelss won,
Proakness second. Bugle Horn third. Time,
1:04^.
Third race, one mile — Antol«"e won. Nearest
second. Chickadee third.* Time. 1 :45^.
Fourth raff, eteorlechase. short course — Cey
lon wen. Red Car second, Faraday Jr. third.
Time. 3:11.
CINCINNATI. Nov. 4.— Latonia results
Sixth rac», one mile, handles? — Tribes Hill
won. Elsie L «?cond, Mabel Richardson third.
Time. 1:39 4-5.
Fifth race, on* mile, selling — Demurrer won.
Dramatist second, Oclawaha third. Time.
1:40 ?-5.
Fourth race, seven furlongs, Babylon handi
cap — Reveille won. Dimple second. Time,
1:27 4-5. Two ptartera.
Third race, one mile and a furlonp, selling —
AH Gold wen. Ethics second. Wild Pirate
third. Time. 1 :54 3-5.
Second race, six furlonss — Grenade won,
Mlneola BPcond, Acnes Breslan third. Time,
1:1* S-8.
Flirt race, six and a half furlongs — Athlana
won. Blue and Oraage second. Counterpoise,
third. Time. 1:22.
NEW YORK, Nov. 4.— Aqueduct results
"Reveille Wins Babylon Handicap at
New York — Latonia Results.
BACES IN THE EAST.
XEW TORK. Nov. 4.— It is promised
that the Jockey ranks at the winter meet-
Ing of the "N*«w California Jockey Club will
be swelled considerably by many of the
Amerlran riders who have been meeting
with pronounced success on European
tracks. One rider, who has as good a-?
promised to visit the coast when he re
turns from France, is George Thompson.
In the past season Thompson ptood second
on the ll?t In Prance. His success has been
pronounced in his long: stay abroad. John
Thompson, a brother of the jockey, is In
New York and Is authority for the state- 1
ment that George will ride at the Ban
Francisco tracks when he returns to j
America.
Charlie Van Dusen is another who has
been supgested as a more than likely vis
itor to his native land this winter. Van
Dusen has previously spent his winters
at New Orleans, but it was announced at
Aqueduct a few days ago that he had an
nounced his intention of visiting the
coast this year. Charlie Gray, who met
with sutcfs In Austria, is another who
will purely be at the Oakland meeting.
havlr.fr made definite arrangements for
the trip.
Gray has been in this country for somo !
time now, and his qualifications as a rider
ore well known in San Francisco. He
rode McChesney to victory in the Harlem
National, and while In the East this sea
son he has given a g-ood account of him
self in the saddle. Steve Lawlor In
duced Gray to come East, and also
brought little Hlfrglnx from Chicago. Hlg
grlns. after he had been rldinjr a week,
w.-is crowding the leaders in the Jockey
Rst, and but for an accident, in which he
broke his left foot, his percentage would
have doubtless been remarkably close to
the top of the winning list. Higpins Is
back !r. the saddle ajFrain and riding with
all the cleverness he displayed earlier.
He i? the best of the present "lightweight
division in the ea?t and Is one booked for
the San Francisco tracke.
CLEVER JOCKEYS COMING.
Kvory effort has been made to Induce
Fuller to po to the San Francisco tracks,
and if It was not for the contract held
by Archie Zimmer he would accept an of
fer. However. Zimmer will race a string of
his own at New Orleans and will take the
olever rider with him. It was at New Or
leans last winter that Fuller came first
into prominence, and his season about
New York has been phenomenal. He has
more stakes to his credit than any other
Jockey and has eclipsed most of the for
mer records of famous Jockeys. Zimmer
has :» contract that runs two years more
and is said to have made over $100,000 this
year, while Fuller has earned almost as
much for himself. Hicks, the colored
rider from New Orleans, Is another who
has r*een named In the lot booked for
San Francisco who will not bo on hand.
Hicks is under contract to A. J. Plicque,
who, like Zimmer. will race a stable of
horses at New Orleans.
With these two exceptions, a vast ma
jority of the l>est Jockeys who have put
In the season about the New York tracks
will spr-nd the winter either at San Fran
cisco or Los Angeles.
George Odom pMH talk* of retiring from
the saddle, but will surely visit the Far
West before doing so. Odom has grown
considerably In the past year and he can
hardly do less than 113 pounds.
Jockey John Butlman, who vrfll go to
San Franciscn. recentlv received a letter
from his younger brother informing him
that he would better look to his laurels
or he would eclipse him In tht saddle.
Bullman expects the "kid," as he calls
him. to make a first-class Jockey, and
cays !f the youngster shows promise this :
season at the San Francisco winter meet
ing he will bring him East next spring
and cive him a chance with the best of
them.
AHTJMADA IN KYLE'S STBING. '
When "Doc" Kyle ships his good stake i
performer Ahuirada to San Francisco he
will have in the same car several horses ;
from the stable of J. G. Follansbee and '
IT. H. Kraft. This string promises to
be a formidable one and will be added to .
before the shipping day comes.
Frank Regan will Wave on the same
train with Kyle. He expects to have at '
least eight horses ready to race. Both '
of these trainers will have stake per- '
formers in their care, and in fact there '
are no horses leaving for the coast with
out liberal stake engagements, even to '
the yearlings that are for the most part '
only partly tried. On the other hand '
there are some youngsters booked for '
San Francisco that are alreadv well de
veloped, and quarters In 23'i seconds pro- '
nounces th<=m as worthy of consideration '
In the early two-year-old fixtures. 1
W. M. Barrick, who has only mpt with "
moderate success during the metropolitan <
ecason, will have a try at San Francisco. *
At present McMeekln is about the best
one In his string. Van Ness was recently 1
sold and Smart Set has been some dis- "
tance from a race all season. He has 1
betn improving somewhat recently, how- 1
ever, and may be taken to the coa6t- I
In the lot Regan will take will be the
good two-year-old Dick Turpin. Others
wili be Oarsman, Nevermore, Namtor j
and a couple of highly tried yearlings. 1
Jockey J. Jones, who has been giving a 1
Th^ date of the John Grace challenge
cup stake for greyhounds was announced
last night at the Tnion Coursing Park
draw at Pythian Castle. The stake, which
is the richest coursing event In America,
will be run on December 5 and C. It will
be limited to sixty-four entries, with an
entrance fe^ of $23. The total amount of
the purse will be a'o-.ut $4»)0. With the
close of the Waterloo meeting at Okla
homk City the crack kennels of the Mid
dle West will come to this coast for the
winter season and some lively competi
tion Ib expected.
A sixty-lour-dog oren stake was drawn
last night at Pythian Castle for this
week's running at Union Park. The grey
hounds are matched as follows:
Opf^n stake, sixty-four entries — Brilliancy vs.
Old Ironsidp?; Amandan vs. Tralee Boy; Gun
powder vs. Rocklin Boy; Reckless Acrobat vs.
Mickey Free; Renegade. Apache vs. Tricksy;
Injurious vs. Klttleman: Minnie Horgan vs.
Shadow; Donnybrcok vs. Rfd Rock; Cubanola
vs. Gambit; Richard Anton vs. The Referee;
Melros* vf. Flora Temple; Blue Craif? vs. Sir
Vasha: Prairie Maid vs. Itich Argosy: lone
Hill vs. Wild Xorah; Anchor vs. Rock and
Rye; Rocker Arm vs. McUenry; Charter Mem
ber vs. Greenhall; Tour.r Johnny Rex vs. Game
Boy; Master Davenport vs. Rapid Water;
Black Bnrt vs. Cafh: Sempronlus vs. Belle
Free; Adonis vs. Ragtime; Mike Rice vs. Free
from Flaw; Ragtred Actor vs. Thelma: Vandal
vs.. Reno; Culta vs. America; In Time vs.
Xiobe; Harvey M vs. Articulate; Ma^ic Stuff
vs. Snapper Garrison: Ronnie Pasha vs. White
Mystery; Luxury vs. Gold Ore; Rural Artist vs.
Fair Glen.
It Is Expected to Reach a
Value cf Naarly
$4000
"Doc" Kyle's String of Racers
Among Those to Perform
in California.
Thompson, Van Dusen
and Others Expected
to Accept Mounts.
John Grace Cup to Be
Run fcr Early in
Dec mber.
NOTED JOCKEYS
WILL RIDE HERE
ANNOUNCE DATE
OF RICH STAKE
Justin McCarthy,**. has- just passed his
seventy-second birthday. He has : appar
ently, abandoned novel writing. and is de
voting himself ' exclusively to history.
SDortsmen's BDecIa/ train for Tomales Bay,
Point Reyes, Camp .Taylor leaves at 7 p. ; m.
Saturday . next via hausallto ferry. - Returns
Sunday evening. <1,25 round trip. Tickets at
North , Shots ¦ office. ' 626 . Market . street, or ' at
ferry.- •;¦ - / ¦¦¦ . • , •. .
Hunters and Anglers.
OKLAHOMA, Okla., Nov. 4.— In the de
ciding., course for the American Coursing
Derby to-day Tattle B,'; owned by G. H.
MacDougaL of Butte. '. Monjt., beat Com
stock, also a Montana greyhound. The
next events of the. meet will be held on
Saturday . and Sunday, when the all-age
Btakes will be run.!
American Greyhound Derby.
KVERETT, Wash., Nov. 4.— Angus Mc-
Phail,- a saloon-keeper, who killed a busi
ness rival last May, was to-day convicted
of murder In the first degree, the Jury fix
ing, hanging as the penalty for the crime.
McPhall will appeal.
Jury Fixes the Penalty at Death.
WHATCOM, Wash., Nov. 4.— The an
nual . synod of the Columbia conference
of the United Presbyterian Church, com
prising the States of Washington, Oregon
<and Idaho, commenced its work here to
day. Rev. M. E. Dunn of Spokane was
chosen moderator and Rev. J. O. Ashen
hurst of Slmnasho, Or., clerk. The com
mission appointed at the last synod to
devise ways and means for maintaining
the sy nodical school at Waltsburg, Or.,
reported that the school had been en
dowed to the extent of $20,000 by Miss
Robertson, its former principal, .who re
cently inherited a fortune.
The session will be continued to-mor
row.
Delegates From Washington, Oregon
¦ and Idaho Are Holding Con
ference at Whatcom. .
UNITED PRESBYTERIANS
MEET IN ANNUAL SESSION
Stolen base-^Kmser.' Error— llosklman.
Home runs — Cravath (2). Two-base hits —
Gorton, Schwartz. Kruger, Wheeler and Eager.
First baa« on called balls — Off Gray 2, off
Cooper 3. Sacrifice hits — Wheeler and Cooper.
Left on ba«es — Los Armeies 4. Oakland 4.
Struck out — By Gray 3. Double ¦ plays — Smith
to Dillon to Raymond; - Messerly (unauiated).
SUMMARY.
Los Angeles.'. . . 10 0 0 0 6 0 x— 7
Base hits ..0 2 0 10 16 1 x— 11
Oakland ..«.0.0 1 0 0 0 10 0—2
Base hits....... 2 11 10 0 2 0 1—8
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 4.-Oakland and
Los Angeles opened- to-day In the last
period of the. baseball season. Los An
gelas won by better fielding and batting
by the score of 7 to 2. xne fielding of
the home team was perfect, while only
one error marred the record of the vis
itors. Gray was effective throughout the
game, but Cooper nad a period of weak
ness in the seventh, when the locals bat
ted out six runs. Cravath accomplished
the extraordinary feat of batting the ball
over the fence twice for home runs. Ray
mond and Eager made their first appear
ance or the home grounds and both cap
tured the fans by their splendid work.
Raymond did some particularly spectacu
lar fielding at short and was on one end
of a snappy double play. Score:
Los Anrelw — 1 Oakland— . ? *':¦
AB.R.H.P.A. AB.R.H.P.A.
Hoy, cf.. 2 10 10 OHara.cf 3 0 1 10
Whelr,2b 3 1 1 2 2 Mskmn.s 4 0 0 1 3
Pniith.3b 4 12 0 1 Murdk.cf 4 0 2 3 0
Dillon. lb 4 0 1 IS 1 Schwz.2b 4 11 2 4
Cravth.rf 4 2 3 10 Kruftr.lf 4 OH 0 0
Ilayrr.d.s 4 0 0 3 4 Msrly.lb 4 0 0 10 1
Ross, If.. 3 1 1 2 0 Devrx,3b 2 0 0 0 4
Eager, c. 4 0 2 4 4 Gorton, c 3 1 1 1 0
Gray, p.. 4 1 1 0 4 Cooper, p 2 0 0 0 5
Totals. 32 7 11 27 10 Totals. 30 2 . 8 24 17
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Cravath Accomplishes the Unusual
Feat on Los Angeles Diamond.
SCORES TWO HOME RUNS.
REDDING, Nov. 4.— The Mountain Cop
per Company will send to St. Louis what
will undoubtedly be the largest and rich
est single piece of copper ore sent to the
exposition from this State. The chunk
weighs almost 1000 pounds. It was taken
from the mine .Tuesday and shipped to
Keswick Thursday. It shows native cop
per in large quantities and mining men
who have seen It state that it is the finest
specimen ever produced in California. A
large iron stand is now being made on
which the specimen will be set. It will
be shipped in a few days to the Califor
nia World's Fair Commission at San
Francisco. Many smaller pieces of cop
per ore will be shipped with the piece
and this exhibit will occupy a corner in
the mineral exhibit from California,
Piece Weighing Nearly One Thou
sand Pounds Will Be Exhibited
by Shasta County.
SPECIMEN OF COPPER ORE
TO BE SENT TO ST. LOUIS
NEW YORK, Nov. 4.-Efforts are beinjr
made to have Jim Jeffries fight in San
Francisco before the summer comes
again. Joe Egan, Jeffries' secretary, re
ceived a dispatch to-day from the Colma
Athletic Club offering a purse of $20,0SO
for a twenty-round bout between Jeffries
and Sam McVey. the big California
negro. Jeffries, without much hesitation,
said he would not consider It. "I have
made up my mind never to fight a nesrro
again as long as there are white men in
the field." he said. "Then again, McVey
is not to be regarded as a championship
possibility. His last fight resulted in de
feat by Jack Johnson. The latter is a
little fellow, compared to McVey. so I
don't see where the latter figures at all."
Jeffries Befuses to Fight McVey.
AB. R. H. P.A AB. R. H. P.A.
Casey, 2b 4 1 1 1 2 Lum'y.cf 4 0 0 0 0
Hilde, If 3 1 1 4 0 Mohler.2b 3 0 0 3 5
McT.au, rf 4 0.140 Hinith, rf 4 1 0 1 0
Doyle, cf 4 0 1 3 1 Bras'r.lb 4 0 0 13 3
Tow'd.lb 3 0 0 8 0 Zinssar.lf 4 0 2 3 0
Rh'han.3b2 0 1 0 lljans'g,3b 4 0 2 2 1
liraham.c 2 0 0 7 0 Polan, s»s 3 0 1 1 2
tiogan, bs 4 0 0 0 3 Byers, c. 4 0 0 4 1
Keefe, p 3 1 0 0 ljtlughes.p 2 0 0 0 4
Totals. 29 3 5 27 8' Totals. 32 0 6 27 10
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 2 00 0 0 0 10 0—3
Btse hits .„ 31001000 0—5
Seattle 0 0 0 00 0 0 0 0-^0
Base hits 12000020 1—0
' SUMMARY.
Stolen base — Mohler. Errors— Janslng (2),
Brushear. Two-base hits — Hlldebrand, Jansing,
Dolan. Sacrifice hits — Graham. Hlldebrand,
Sheehan (2>. First base on errors — Sacramento
3. First base on called balls — Off Keefe, 2; oft
Hughes. 4. Left on ba«e3 — Sacramento 8, Se
attle 8. Struck out — By Keefe, 4; by Hugrhes,
3. Hit by pitched ball — Keefe, Mohler. Dou
ble, plays — Brashear (unassisted); Doyle to
Graham. Wild pitch— Keefe. Time of game
— One hour and forty-five minutes. Umpires —
Sample and Knell. ¦
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 4.— Accorded per
fect support by the men behind him. Bob
by Keefe, the youngest pitcher in the
California league, went up against the
veteran. Jay Hughes, to-day and the re
sult was a shutout for the Seattle team.
The game was one of the best and fast
est of the season. It was a game in
which it was easily to be discerned that
both teams were out for blood and the
second place. As a pitcher's contest, hon
ors were about even, although- there was
perhaps a trifle more polish on the de
livery of Hughes. His team mates could
not hit Keefe when hits were needed and
the Senators gained a victory. Score:
Sacramento— \ Seattle —
Sacramento Wins a Fast, Exciting
Game on the Home Grounds.
SEATTLE IS SHUT OUT.
evening, at 8 o'clock sharp,
1 the parade of decorated and 11-
I luminated automobiles, under the
auspices of the Automobile Club
of California, will start from the
rendezvous at the corner of Van Ness and
Golden Gate avenues.
The self-propelled vehicles will proceed
down Van Ness avenue to Market street,
to Montgomery, to Bush, to Kearny, to
Market, and thence to the point of start
ing. More than one hundred automobiles
will be in line, the local vehicles being
Joined by the contingents from Oakland,
Alameda, Berkeley. San Jose, Los An
geles and other cities. Silver cups of the
value of $100, $50 and $25 are offered for
the three most handsomely and tastefully
decorated automobiles. The local gar
ages will stable free of charge the ma
chines that Join the parade from other
cities.
Tickets of admission to the automobile
races on the Ingleside track on Friday
and Saturday will be on sale at Sherman
& Clay's on the mornings of those two 1
days. A special train will leave Third and
Townsend streets at 12:30 p. m. on both
days for the race track. Additional elec
tric cars will be put on the Ingleside line
on Friday and Saturday.
The Ingleside track has been most care
fully prepared for the races and is said
to be in superb condition, as smooth and
hard as a billiard table. All the condi
tions will be favorable to making fast
time, and it is confidently believed that
many records will be broken.
Earney Oldfleld, the most sensational
motorist in America, is due this morning
from Denver, where he performed some
record-breaking feats on the track.
A novelty race has been added to the
programme as already published. Passen
ger motor cars will be ready at the start
ing line and at the signal the passengers
will jump into the cars, which will race
over a distance of two miles.
A representative entry list has been re
ceived for the various events. The en
tries for to-morrow's events follow:
Two miles, gasoline cars only 6V4 horse
power and under — Buckboard. W. H. Kellogg ;
Ramblrr. F. C. Keck; Oldsmoblle. Pioneer Au
tomobile Company; Rambler, National Auto
mobile Company.
Five miles, cars weighing 1200 pounds and
under— Buckboard. W. H. Kellogg; Franklin.
George E. Mlddleton; St. Louis, Paciflc Mo
tor Car Company; Cadillac. O. D. McNabb;
White, White Sewing Machine Company; Ram.
bier. National Automobile Company; Frank
lin. E. C. ,Ford and F. A. Jacobs.
Five-mile Handicap for motorcycles — Ram-'
bier, Thomas A. White; Rambler. A, H. Samp
son: Indian, Joseph Holle; Indian, Charlea L.
Hill; Duck. E. "M. Coffin; California. Leavltt
& BUI; Hercules, California Motor Company;
California. Leavitt & Bill; California, Leavitt
& Bill; California. Leavitt & Bill.
Five miles, for gasoline cars only 24 horse
power and under — Franklin. George E. Middle
ton; Peerless, J. L. Eastland; Toledo, Na-«
tlonal Automobile Company; Franklin. E. C.
Ford and F. A. Jacobs.
Five miles, for cars 1800 pounds and under —
St. Louis. Paciflc Motor Car Company; White.
White Sewing: Machine Company; White,
White Sewing Machine Company: Mors,
George Whlttell Jr.; Franklin, E. C. Ford and
F. A. Jacobs; Winton. Barney Oldfleld.
Five miles, open event for cars irrespective
of power or weight; cars must be legitimately
owned in California — White, F. A. Garbutt;
White. White Sewing Machine Company; Mors,
George Whlttell Jr.; Toledo. National Auto
mobile Company; Franklin. E. C. Ford and
F. A. Jacobs.
Ten-mile race. open, for cars Irrespective of
power or weight — White. White Sewing Ma
chine Company; White. White Sewing Machine
Company; Mors, George Whlttell Jr. ; Toledo.
National Automobile 'Company; Franklin. E.
C. Ford and F. A., Jacobs; Winton. William
Graham.
Five-mile handicap, open to all "cars that
have taken part in any of the previous events
and that are ¦ legitimately owned In Califor
nia — Buckboard. W. H. Kellogg; Rambler. F.
C. Keck; Franklin. George E. Mlddleton; St.
Louis Paciflc Motor Car Company; Oldsmo
blle — Pioneer Automobile Company; White,
White Sewing Machine Company; Cadillac, O.
D. McNabb: White. White . Sewing Machine
Company: Peerless. J. L. - Eastland; Mora,
George Whlttell Jr. : Rambler, National Auto
mobile Company; Toledo, National Automobile
Company; Franklin. E. C. Ford and F.- A.
Jacobs.- -. . '
- Special . race for cars carrying passengers —
White, J. D. . Spreckels; White/ Leon Roos;
White, F. A. Hyde; White. W. F. Gorham;
White. C. H Geldert.
Errors— Irwln. Lynch. Anderson. Zearfosa.
JNadeau. Pabst. Sacrifice hit— Meany. First
base on errors— San Francisco 2 Portland 2
First base on called balls— Off ' Iberg 2. off
McFarlan 3. Left on bases— San Francisco 8
Struck out-By Iberg 1. by. McFarlan 2. Hit
by pitcher. Pabst. Zearfoss. Double plays—
McFarlan to Holllnpaworth to Freeman; Fran
cis to Anderson to Freeman; Zearfoss to Shay
to Zearfof*; Irwln to Delmas to Pabst • Free-
f 1 *^ 1 ,?. Homn *» w orth to Freeman: Freeman
to Holllngsworth. Time of game— 1:35 Um
pire — Levy. '
SUMMARY.
San Francisco ..2 20000000—4
TV^fi" e i*""* 1 3 10 0 12 0* 0—10
Portland 3 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0—3
Base hits 1 01101000—4
RUNS AND IIIT8 BT INNINGS.
McFarlan pitched a good game, but he
was slapped about In a real saucy man
ner part of the time. He had compara
tively good backing up, Uncle's followers
making most of their runs by hitting the
ball squarely when hits were the things
that were needed most of all. The score:
San Francisco — Portland —
AB. B. H. P. A. AB. R. H. P. A.
Shay.s... 4 112 4 VBurn.cf 4 0 0 10
M^any.rf 4 0 110 Andsn,2b 4 0 0 4 3
Irwln.Sb. 4 12 0 6lNadeu,lf 3 113 0
Krug.cf. 5 12 4 OjFremn.lb 3 1 1 14 2
Lynch. ir. 4 0 13 OlBlake.rf. 4 10 0 0
iabst, l b 3 O 2 11 0 Frncls.3b 3 0 10 3
DelmR,2b 4 0 12 2 Holgrwh.s 3 0 13 8
Zearfos.c 3 0 0 4 3 Shea.c.:. 3 0 0 2 2
Iberg.p. .J$ 1 o 0 1 MFarln.p 3 0 0 0 1
Totals 34 4 10 27 16 Totals 30 ~3 ~4 27 19
Ham Iberg was in great form through
out. It was none of his business if the
Portlands did make a bunch of three runs
and all in the first Inning. He had them
under the spell of his magic slow float
ers In every round, but the errors piled
up by the fielders were the salvation of
the visitors.
The field was in bad condition after the
heavy rain of the night before and it was
with difficulty the fielders traveled over
the ground. With this handicap six fast
double plays were pulled off, four by the
visitors and two by the natives. . All of
these helped to keep runs away from the
rubber, especially for the Portlanders. .
tion Park. In the first place, their
bats did not have power enough to knock
the offerings of Ham Iberg far enough to
get past the mitts of the ever-waiting
fielders. For all that, the errors of Un
cle's dilapidated gathering nearly proved
fatal, and were it not for a lucky hit it
would have been all over with them.
Score, 4 to 3.
W. L.. Pet. ! AV. U Pet.
L. Angeles.117 71 .622'Beattle ... 92 02.600
Bacramento 07 66 .503 San Fran.. 98 102 .490
Oakland ..118 S3 .412: Portland . . 9G 04 .477
THE Portland ball tossers, under
the chaperonage of Mr. "Bones"
Ely, their new adviser, could
not win yesterday at Recrea-
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Passed balls— Gorton 2. Time of game— 1
hour and 40 minutes. L'moire — McDonald.
OAKLAND. Nov. 4.— Aurello Herrera
and Jack Cordell have been matched for
a fifteen-round contest before the Reli
ance Athletic Club on the evening of
November 17. Herrera, who is at Butte.
has been wired transportation and win
leave for the coast at once. Cordell flsht3
as a member of the Hayes Valley Ath
letic Club. Matchmaker George Mahoney
of the Reliance Club feels confident that
In view of the records of these men he
can guarantee that a first-class contest
will be given.
Likely Men Are to Be Brought To
gether in a Fifteen Round
Contest.
RELIANCE CLUB MATCHES
HEBBEEA AND CORDELL
"Ham" Iberg Pitches Wonderful Ball
After the First Inning.
FIGHT FOR THE CONTROL
OF A MINING COMPANY
Two Sets of Directors Are Trying to
Manage the Affairs of the
Three Peaks.
REDDING, Nov. 4.— Two sets of stock
holders are now in organized opposition
in the Three Peaks Gold Mining Com
pany. There are two presidents of the
company and also two sets of directors.
One office of the company is located In
St. Louis and the other in Redding. The
Three Peaks Company was to have held
a meeting of stockholders last Tuesday,
but Judge Rlckel of St. Louis, who holds
proxies representing 515,000 shares held by
Eastern people, was refused admittance
to the meeting because he was not a
stockholder. On Thursday the new com
pany was formed. Rickel is the tempo
rary president of the new company and
Judge Prinxm of Redding is the president
of the old company. President Primm
and his followers are happy, as they hold
the books and records. There promises
to be interesting developments.
Trial of Hoss-Makin Suit Resumed.
SAN RAFAEL, Nov. 4.— The Ross-Ma
kin suit was resumed to-day In the Su
perior Court of Marin County, after hav
ing been postponed for more than two
months. Judge Lawlor of San Fran
cisco presided. Robert Makln, the
youthful plaintiff in the litigation,
was on the stand and testified as to his
grandmother's affection for him. The pa
pers whereby young Makin was adopted
by Mrs. Ross, the grandmother, were In
troduced and placed in evidence. The
case will be taken up again to-morrow
morning.
Asphyxiated in a Wine Cellar.
NAPA, Nov. 4.— Coroner R. M. Kyser
went to Calistoga this morning to Inves
tigate the death of Antone Rebbattaro,
whose body was found on the edge of a
wine tank. Rebbattaro was under the in
fluence of liquor Tuesday night and went
to the tank, which was filled almost to the
brim with pomace. He was trying- to get
through the pomace to the wine when the
fumes overcame him and he was asphyx
iated.
BUTTE. Mont.. Nov. 4. — A Miner special
from Dillon. Mont.; says that William tl.
Dudley was instantly killed In the Indian
Queen mlne^to-da/ by a fall of rock.
Mr. Harley also won the special prfze
for the best kennel of wire-haired fox
terriers. The terrier class was the larg
est in the show, which is one of the most
representative held in this country.
' Mrs. Harley's great bulldog. Ivel Da
mon, was ihird in the limit and open
classes in an entry of 150. The clas3 was
judged by Richard Croker Jr. in the ab
sence of the English official who had been
invited to act, but who was taken ill and
did not come to America.
Private advices received from New York
indicate that Charles K. Harley, master
of Wandee Kennels and the most noted
fox terrier fancier of this city, carried off
the principal honors yesterday m that
class at the Ladies' Kennel Association
show in Madison Square Garden.
Raby Coastguard, renamed Wandee
Coastgruard, won in all the classes In
which he was entered and also In the win
ners' class. This stamps him as the best
terrier in the show.
"Wandee Manilla won the reserve class
for terriers of her sex. Wandee Seabreeze
was third in the limit and open classes.
The association will promote a night of
boxing on the 13th inst. to raise funds
for the Olympian games meeting.
A tryout will be held the first Saturday
In May of next year to complete the list
of men who will be sent to the Olympian
games at St. Louis. The full Olympian
games programme will be given, the dis
tances being measured by the metric sys
tem, as at St. Louis.
The Gaelic Association was granted a
sanction to hold an athletic meeting at
Ingleside track on Thanksgiving day.
Manager Morris Levy of the Hayes Val
ley Athletic Club was cited to appear at
the next meeting of the Paciflc Athletic
Association to explain why he permitted
a suspended boxer to compete at one of
his boxing tournaments.
L. R. Sharp and W, A. "Woods, both
Californians, now in New York, will rep
resent the Pacific Athletic Association at
the New York meeting. They were ap
pointed last night at a meeting of the
association held in the Emma Spreckels
building.
The Olympic Club officials and those of
the Pacific Athletic Association have
joined in asking that he be restored to
standing as an amateur.
The case of Sam Berger, the crack
heavyweight boxer of the Olympic
Athletic Club, who was professionalized
by the Amateur Athletic Union last year.
will come up for a rehearing on tha 16th
lnst.
The amateur meeting of the union will
be held in New York on that day, and
Berger's case will be one of the most
important to be considered. He was made
a professional from boxing with Bob
Fitzsimmons last year In the latter's play,
the "Honest Blacksmith." Berger claimed
he was employed as an actor and also
that he would never have accepted the
position had not the representative of the
union on this coast told him he was
within their rules.
Boxing Promoter Is Cited
to Appear Before
the Board.
Prove the Best in the Great
Show at Mad : son Square
Garden.
Charles K Harley's Fox
Terriers Win Many
Prizes.
His Amateur Standing
May Be Restored
by Officials.
BERGER'S APPEAL
WILL BE HEARD
COAST FANCIER
HIGHLY HONORED
THE FAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1903.
Most Brilliant Spectacle of Its Kind Ever
Seen in the West.
AUTOMOBILISTS OF THE COAST TO PARADE IN GAYLY DECORATED CARS
ONE OF THE CARS WHICH
WILL. START TO-MORROW
AT INGLESIDE.
All political prisoners in Cape Colony
are to be released as soon as arrange
ments can be made for their return to
their homes.
James Scanlan, the energetic press
agent of the California Jockey Club, is
a recent arrival from New York. "Jim
my" says O'Nell. Higglns, Michaels,
Bullman, Burns. Redfern and the pick
of the lesser lights will be seen in the
saddle at Oakland and Ingleside.
Plunger Joe Yaeger has first call on
the services of Arthur Redfern, and as
Yaeger will race his horses here, Red
fern's efforts will not be confined entirely
to the Los Angeles game, as has been
intimated.
Among the stables arriving at Oakland
last night were those of Johnny Schorr,
W. M. Rogers and D. S. Fountain. The
latter horseman will be deprived of the
services of Jockey Adkins the coming
season, as he recently disposed of the
blonde rider's contract to Tichenor & Co.
of Chicago at the reported price of $7500.
Frank Phillips looking hale and hearty,
Is back from Chicago, after a prosperous
season. There won't be many workouts
miss Frank these mornings from now on
to the opening of racing.
The nominations to the stakes of the
California Jockey Club this year surpass
all previous years in point of numbers.
They will be ready for publication prob
ably on Saturday, and show an increase
of more than 400 over last season
8
PORTLAND IS ROUTED
BY NATIVE TOSSERS
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NEVEP PF^TFnU^^S
IlWll^lv. rlErW I.tj/Jgjl/^A /lip
To be tired out from hard -work or bodily "^Qifi^f mMIk
exercise is natural and rest is the remedy, but
there is an exhaustion without ph3'sical exer- Sl'^^Z^ "$S&1I$I
tioa and a tired, never-rested feeling— a weari-
ness without work that is unnatural and shows r2g3 ft W^S^ WiB
fw C « ff? OUS d j? ox ? er is threatening the health. One of the chieTcauses of
that "Always-tired, never-rested condition" is impure blood and bad TcfreS-
iTe^us ScTtSe 6 5S £ """^ **^ blOOd tt -e isiackof
des become weak, the di- c£5g?t&£> 1%^ "i£'lffitf,, wlth «« Mler " 1 *»bUl^.
Sestion impaired, and '^J^S^i^SSSSS^i^X^S
general disorder occurs £E2mend a l lf5& "^d ™; " heartily £'
throughout the system. So^u?b?y 8 goldlio^dSn^ 0 m *V5ur. t t h r1 1 iy Md ol •
JoSneS/Tn^Stfon; * W ' *** 8t " O-^B&fflE" * B^^'
dyspepsia, loss of appetite, strength and energy, and the hundreds of little
/Si /Si /Si 011 ! T e< i ften have are due directly to a bad con-
(C 1 CO* CO" dltloa of the blood and circulation, and the quickest
l^Sl I^V\ -^^S way to get nd of them is by purifying and building
l^ "P^l^.. ?** '«• this purpose =no remedy^31
, • .. . , , k* b .* lb -» wIllc k contains the best ingredients for
cleansingthebloodandtomngupthesystem. It is avegetable blood purifier
as nourished and refreshing sleep comes to the tired, never-rested, bodv
THESWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA. GA.
a nyT*r*RT*TRT!"M*T;T<pr's L ( V. :
oooooo906<-»oo»9ooooooooo«eooooo<oeooooo»sec>oo
I Men, I Want to Talk to
I You About This Belt.
o
ei y^rtSV I want to talk to men who have pains
Q. ¦ ' 1 » energy which was so evident in youth is
O fl \^f* /W absent now; men who can't stand the
® VvH vH^X amount of exertion they could years
® wffil ago " "¦" want y° u — '* t * iat roeans you —
S \*l / i\ Jgjl&lil'fen- to ses W-iat * ¦ nave one * or others who
a V a. JSffiwX* jBctWHbB^ were just as bad off. That's my intro-
a &./&L *!g8gffl^rn5MBl5ffi™ duction. If a friend in whom you had
9 KfTO^ffiaWKQlw confidence presented some one to you
© rel&llgSSwIlsiBk TMSSIBSSBk aR d £a^> "Jack, here's Brown: he has
® y^Mj£s&W&WiWem 1 made good with me, and I trust him,"
® t1: S^^wI wouldn't you trust him. too?
© Now, if you don't feel richt, I can
2 cure you with my Electric Belt. If you
2 g^Sffifl] irVTl wEBHWbIm are f ull ' ot ' rheumatic pains. I can knock
© '\ff/2$ffil$¥&$$M!& ? h ? m OUt- * can pour oil into your
© /^fijgroffiSSBBESSl joints and limber them up. I have often
O * v^jJM|ywMBK|fgjm ? a 'd that pain and electricity can't live
• : : ' V^fSmnffin^fflwlPpI m t * ie same house, and I prove it every
£fe 1 By riViNg i I' tftuCaSfT^wf**"*! 1 **! 1 * r\ -1 \"
« W^i'mTa^L'^i'-^y Mr - L - J - Barnett of Tillamook, Or.,
<% Ks8'$1i»*1BlffiSEBH writes: "Your treatment certainly does
9 B«E'#"ftlViras88*siSi what no other can, for it has cured me. I
£ i»< 11 ' I^y»!y*|^jgr|*jg!g cannot praise the Bolt too highly, and
O QV gladly recommend it In any case of vital
9 weakness."
© If it were not for the prejudice due to the great number of fake* in
S the land X would not "bo able to handle the business that would come to
£ me. The "Free Belt" fraud and the 'Tree Drug" scheme, which are not
£ free at all. have made every one skeptical, but Z know that X have a rood
£ thing-, and XII hammer away until yon know it.
® One thing every man ouRht to know is this: Your bodv is a ma-
? chine. It is run by the steam in your blood and nerve?. When you be-
£ gin to break down in any way you are out of steam. That's just what I
<3 want to give you back. ' ¦
© Mr. A. Hubbs of Calistoga, Cal., says: "My rheumatism has entirely
• disappeared, my digestion is perfect. I have gained eight pounds in
9 weight and all the symptoms of weakness are gone, which is remarkable
© considering my age."
® X have a cure in every town. Tell me where you live and X will rive
2 yon the name of a man I've cured.
9 Tell me your trouble and I will tell you honestly whether I can cure
O you or not. If I can't cure you I don't want your money. I have been
• in this business 22 years, and I am the biggest man in it to-day by long
• odds,, and I am growing yet. because I give every man all he pays for.
• Now, wouldn't you rather wear my life-giving appliance while you
• sleep every night, and feel its glowing warmth pouring into you. and
• fe^l yourself taking on a new lease of life with each application, than to
2 clog your intestines up with a lot .of nauseous drugs? Surely! Try me.
0 Mr. Abraham Spady of Alcatraz, Cal.. writes: "I am cured of all mv
n former ailments, and you have my heartfelt gratitude for what vour
m treatment has done for me." - *
® If you will come and see me I'll explain it to you. If you can't call
5 let me send you my book, full of the things a man finds inspiring to
Q strength and courage. Free if you send this ad. /I "
• Dr. M. C. McLaughlin, 80^^ 1
A • > - - - .BILBAO. Spain, N'cv. 4 —Work was resumed
ta-day in th« coal ralnln* district.
STOCKTON, Nor. 4.— Richard Condy. who
died at bis hcni« tn this dry last evening at
Uv aye of TT years, came to Stockton In ISM
and was lnstTuctor and leader of the first
Lai.-: «v»r organized here. The deceased en
listed with th* Third California Infantry un
der General Conner and wai a, member of
the G A. R. He was also an Odd Fellow. He
Ua.\ t j a wife and several sons.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 4.— The Supreme
Court of the District of Columbia has is
sued six "alias" bench warrants for the
arrest of G«orge "W. Beavers, formerly
chief cf the salary and allowance division
of the Postoffiee Department. The war
rants arc baped on Indictments recently
issued against Beavers.
Six Warrants for Beavers.
PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 4.— Four hun
dred workmen in the bloom mill and the
Iron and steel finishing departments of
the Pencoyd Iron Works were laid off
to-day, making a total of nearly 2000 men
rendered Idle by the gradual closing of
the big plants. The eight-Inch steel mill
will be closed on Saturday, which will
complete the shutdown of the establish
ment ' r V '•¦»;•
Pencoyd Ste«l Works Shut Do-wro.
LOS ANGELES. Nov. t— Citrus fnilt
shipments in the year 15C2-L3G3 exceeded
all past records for Southern California.
The final figures for the citrus fruit
season, ending October 21. show that dur
ing the year the total shipments of
oranges and lemons were 22. C5 cars, rep
resenting a gross shipment cf 7,£S0,S0
boxes. Of the total number of carloads
sent out 13.6T3 were oranges and 2730
lemons. The gross value of the lemons
and cracges produced in Southern Cali
fornia In the year 13G2-13G3 is placed at
510.T4.Ca.
Grcrsra in Southern California Ex
ceeds Ten Million Dollars.
Gross Value cf Lesions and Oranges
CIT3US FSUIT SHLPMZJTTS
EXCEED ALL PAST RECORDS I
Eerry Meyers was arrested last night
en a. charge cf grand larceny. He is ac
cssed cf bearding the steamer Aztec and
etea^nff property valued at 53). Meyers
has been emplcyed at the Union Iron
Works.
Charged With Stealing.
A cnlted memorial service for the late
Consul E=a Moss Booth-Tucker will be
held in Lyric Hall. 113 Eddy street.
this evening. The cervices, which will be
conducted by Colonel end Mrs. George
French, assisted by the Provincial etaff
and band, will txegin at S o'clock. The
crder will be as follows:
•"Ctcrln Funerai Mirch," Provincial Staff
B*r£: cr«n;-i «"=x; invocation: vocal du«t.
M»jcr tad art. Fr^=; asi-iress. Her. WEliia
Fjjier; aiiress. Tjft. F. J. Clasijxtt. D. D •
Xsserssaest*! ejection. Provi-claJ Stair Bin.*'
.-::--!». K*v. Bra<ircnl L«vitt: address. Rait!
J&ccb Voonanrw: <icut> q-iartet. Etsiiwi of
Provincial SiaJT Band; address, ilr*. Colonel
French; prayer.
Will Hold Memorial Service.
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 4.— While running
at the rate of forty miles an hour a Los
Angeles-Pasadena electric line car left
the rails at a sharp curve in Pasadena at
an early "ncur this morning. The car,
which ¦was one of the heavy, broad-gauge
type, bounded along for 100 feet, smash
ing a telegraph pole to splinters, snapped
eff a fire plug and landed on the lawn of
a private residence. Conductor B. W.
Coleman was hurled from the car when
it whirled around the curve. He was seri
ously Injured. Mctorman Brown and two
passengers who were on the car escaped
injury.
Smashes Telegraph Pole to Splinters
and Lands en Lawn of Private
Eesidence.
PASADENA ELECTBIC CAB
LEAVES BAILS AT A CTJBVE
and the principal business men of the
city at luncheon to-day. To-morrow
morning the Chamber of Commerce will
take Dr. Wheeler to Mission San Xavier
and to-morrow evening he will be ten
dered a reception by the people.
"Waterman," "Regal" and "Marshall"
fountain pens are the best in the world
for the money. Sanborn. Vail & Co. are
the selling agents for San Francisco. •
William Shar.aha- w-nt Into Gelhaua?
etable* at —% Fourteenth, street on Tues
day invr ' Tf 'f ¦Ofl 2 s -'* -e had been sent
ty Sirs. Kstthnri cf 1£» Minna street
fcr ber hcrse and wnztm. He drove away
with the rig a-i :at>r GcQtsai learned
from Mrs. Mathers that Sbanahan had
r.o authority frcn: her to get the rig. Gel
haca saw Shanahar. in the aftemocn on
Folscra Etreet vtOx the rig ani Policemen
Hitchell and Coiemar. arrested him en a
charge cf grand larceny. Shanahan ap
peared befcre Police Jucee Cabanisj yes
terday end the case was continued till
Moniay.
Accused cf Stealing a ilig.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 4.— Governor Par
dee to-day issued a proclamation setting
apart Thursday, November 2S. as Thanks
giving day, when all public and all but
the most absolutely necessary private
business shall be laid aside in order that
the people may properly offer their thanks
to God for past favors.
Thanksgiving Day Proclamation.
"WASHINGTON, D. C. Nov. 4.—Post
masters commissioned: Oregon — Simon L.
McKemie, Lostine. • Washington— John
Ahl. Eldcn.
Fourth-class postmasters appointed:
California— William J. Stewart, Gold Run,
Placer County, vice Rhoda M. Dirk, re
signed. Leslie C. Stephens. Lake City.
Modoc County, vice Hersill M. Fleming,
resigned. James Lefevre. Quartz. Tuo
lumne County, vice Martha L. Metzger,
removed. Edmond B. Waller?, Whitlock.
Mariposa County, vice Clara J. Jose, re
signed.
Army order— First , Lieutenant W. M.
Goodall. Signal Corps, to Fort McDqweil,
California.
OF HTTE3EST TO PEOPLE
Ox THE PACIFIC COAST
Postmasters Commissioned in This
State. Washington and Oregon and
Amv Orders Issued.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 4.— A Coroner's
jury to-day -relieved Mrs. Electra Carter
from legal responsibility for the death of
A. F. Carter, her reputed husband. Mr?.
Carter testified that her name was Sofia
Electra Williams. The verdict of the jury
was that Carter was killed by the woman
in self-defense. The affray which re
sulted in Carter's death took place near
Monrovia Sunday morning. According to
the testimony of an eye-witness Carter
threatened the life of the woman and she
killed him with a shotgun after attempt
ing to run away. She will not be prose
cuted.
Coroner's Jury Exonerates Woman.
The petition cf Dr. W. F. McNutt for
the appointment of special administrator
of the tstate of the late Isabella D.
Clark ¦was granted yesterday by Judge
Coffey. McNutfs bonds were nxed at
520,000. The estate Is worth 1290,000.
Grants 2Tcli"utt"s Petition.
United States local Inspectors Bolles
and Bulgtt handed down a decision yes
terday gBgpenfllBg the license of S. Bon
tield." master and pilot of the steamer
Iaqua, for negligence and unskillfulnesa
in allowing the steamer to strike on the
rocks near Point Gorda on October 13.
Captain Bonfield's License Bevoked.
A large aucier.ee cr niiiuiBi pecpie ks
tened to Professor H. Morse Stephens'
third lecture on the French Revolution
la the gallTT at Mechanics' Pavilion last
*:ve-ir^. The fllacouiiy included the time
of Lafayette ax.d *he influence of the ex
szoplc t Om United States cf America en
tbe French Revclution.
-Lafayftto."' said Professcr Stephens.
-~-.y be taker, as the type cf liberal
French noblemen, led by experience in
America to desire rejareseatattre institu
tions for France. K:s enthusiasm for
liberty trss mere ger.u:n-= tbaa practical.
¦3 1 he did BOt see the difference due to
confittorta >nfl history between the Amer
ican ri>l>m*Tf U6 the French pecpie."
The professor's vivid word pictures cf
the eventa fa the rivalry between Lafay
ette sad Mirabeau held the cath-rr-r?
spellbound. It* <=utject cf the fourth lec
ture will te -ilirabeau."
Prcfesscr S. 3£crse Stephens Talks
to Large Audience en Works
cf Lafayette.
CTTEBESTING LZCTCBE
Oil FSE^rCH BEVOLUTIOIT
Would Be Clunie's Guardian.
Ac a Edgertcn app:ied to the superior
Court yesterday for letters of guardian
ship over the person and estate cf Jack
Clunle. the adepted son cf the late Con
fr-essman Thomas J. Clunie. In Clunie's
will Miss Edeerton is named as the
youth' s guardian, though she has never
been legally made such.
REDDING, Nov. 4.— The Italian colony
at the McOloud River lumber camD near
Sisson celebrated All Saints' day by hold
ing a dance and general jolliacatlon Sun
day night. Two women became engaged
in a quarrel and Carlos Gorgas and Gia
como Bona took it up. The men went
outside and fought a fist fight. In which
Bona proved the victor. Shortly after
ward the men again started to fight.
After a few minutes Bona staggered back
into the dance hall, exclaiming that Gor
gas had stabbed him. Bona had bet?n
stabbed in the chest and bled to d^ath In
a few minutes. No one saw the blow
struck. Gorgas denies using a knife.
Two Men Take Up the Fight and One
of Them Is Stabbed to
Death.
QUABBEL BETWEEN "WOMEN
IS FOLLOWED BY A MTTBDEB
Lienter.ants Seek Promotion.
The following list cf applicants for pro
motion from, lieutenant to captain. Police
Department, has been f.led -with the Civil
Service Ccmrnission fcr the written ex
amination November 11, 13c3: Joseph
James Burnett. Henry H. Colby. Michael
J. Conbcy, Thomas S. Duke. Henry Glee
son, Janes Kelly and Bernard ilcManus.
The Brc-omniakers' Union has decided fo
place a labor union stamp on all brooms
manufactured by white free labor. This
action was taken as a matter of protec
tion for the union against those selling
trocms manufactured by convict labor.
The steamship painters have made a de
mand for an increase of pay from $3 to
$2 30 per day on a basis of eight hours'
work.
At the Paper "Workers' Union meeting
last night it was decided to submit the
differences existing' between employers
¦ad employes to arbitration.
Notes From. Labor Unions.
SEATTLE, Nov. 4.-Another ycung
woman has attempted suicide because cf
an attachment for Nell Pickerell, a resi
dent of the north end, who since she
was a mere child has masQueraded In
boy'3 clothing. The latest victim of a
mad infatuation for the Pickerell woman.
who goes under the name of Harry Liv
ingstone, Is Pearl "Waldron. who last night
shot . herself, inflicting a wound which
will probably prove fatal. In March, 1502,
Hazel Walters, a young woman of respec
table parentage, committed suicide by
swallowing carbolic acid. Her discovery
that Uvtnsrstone was a woman caused
her to take her life. It Is not known
whether such a discovery was responsi
ble for Miss Waldron's attempt to end
her life, though it is certain her attach
ment for the Pickerell woman is what
led up to her effort at self-destruction.
Miss Waldron was found in Denny Park
late last nizht stretched on the grass
with a bullet wound in her chest. A 32
caliber revolver, partly wrapped in a silk
handkerchief, lay alongside her. She was
in a semi-conscious condition and was
removed to the Wayside Mission Hos
pital. By dint of much persuasion. Dr.
JoJtnscn prevailed upon her to give her
name and address. After doing so she
requested that Harry Livingstone, who
she said resided at 2212 First avenue, be
communicated with. The address is that
of the Pickerell woman and the name
her alias. Dr. Johnscn is of the opinion
that the chances for the woman's recov
er:.- are exceedingly slight. The bullet
evidently r>enetrated the cavity of tba
chest and is thought to have lodged dan
gerously near if It did not enter some
vital organ.
Pearl Waldron Is a handsome brunette.
aged 22 years and bears many traces of
refinement in»*bpr f par-ires.
Special Dispatch to Tfce Can.
Schmitt, up to fifteen years ago, was
possessed of considerable wealth, a gTeat
portion of which was derived from the
proceeds cf the Fountain Theater, which
¦vraa located !n the basement of the Thur
low block, on tile southwest corner of
K<?cmy and Suiter streets. The popu
larity of the resort, however, finally
W2.r.?d ¦Snd, realizing that the theater had
Eeen its best days, Schmitt entered upon a
new enterprise in the nature of a drinking
resort out near the park. Here he ag^in
met with financial reverses and after
closing the place little was seen of him.
He has been under the treatment of a
physician for some time.
George Schsiltt, who twenty years ago
was proiainentlj- Identified with theatri
cal ventures In this city and later with
the Fountain Theater, one of the first
public drinking places where reg-ular
nig-fatly performances were given, died
suddenly last night at his home. 514
Kayes street. Death was due to heart
failure, from which he had been sneering
for ecce time. Deceased -was about 60
years cf ag« and Is survived by & widow
and a. eon.
A university with blinders on U no univer
sity at all. but in actual experience I am per
suaded this difficulty does cot in any real form
exist. Scientific truth soundly determtned and
objectively stated in sciectiac form and spirit
by real investigators wh.j have been guided
by thetr eyes rather than their prejudices and
who- seek the truth and not confirmation of
preconceived view3 is not the thing which
awakens distrust and arouses protest. The
formulations of Ideas on which partisanship of
every guise is usually organized seldom ap
proach tvithlr. solution distance cf the real
scientific formulations. Translation from cne
into the other must practically always be in
direct.
President Wheeler, In a historical re
view of the older American colleges, then
discussed the movement toward public
controt of such institutions, showing: that
the larger ones among them have now
come so fully to appreciate the essential
responsibility to public sentiment and
public needs, that in spite of the outward
form of their government they may be
said, nevertheless, in some very real
senses to be public institutions and under
public control. President Wheeler con
cluded as. follows:
Long a» your rac-untains stand, here stands
the University of Arizona — in teaching. Influ
ence and examole, clear^ine and pure as th*
sur_«hine t. K at r-urges ycur nil's: in sympathy
with the various works of men; generous and
frr-e as the ranges of your plains; In hold upon
the et'ma! true. d«r-rooted as the ways by
which the Colorado seeks the sea. Here let it
stand. hlrh«st embodiment cf society's ideal
purpose, guifls to those who seek, helper to
those who toil, fair fostering mother of good
citizens for the State.
Dr. Babcock entertained Dr. Wheeler
' TUCSON, Ariz- Not. 4. '— The opera- |
house was filled to its capacity to-night J
to witness the ceremony of the installa- i
| tion of Dr. Kendrirfc Charles Babcock as j
i president of the University of Arizona, j
' The ceremony was the first of the kind *
\ ever witnessed in Arizona. There were !
I many citizens from all parts o! the Terri- >
t tory present. Dr. Benjamin Ide Wheeler, ;
| president of the University of California, !
| delivered the address, of which the fol- j
I lowing Is a synopsis: ',
The University cf California brings, tea. Us '
f ffreetinjrs to the University o€ ArUona. Ths» •
i two instltutiona are close akin ia origin ar.d '¦
i purpose. Both were established by their re- ;
' Bjasetive commonwealths in co-operation wltb '
! tlxe puiTO»?s o£ the United States Govtratneci |
i to b« recipients of it» bounty. Botii ar«. tii«re- I
'ore, naciocal untversitiea «.s well as State ani- i
i Tersities. Beth set the capstone upon the State :
i system of public education and are constituent •
! parts of the public school system. Herein, after .
! ail. liea 'the most significant mark of their >
• kinship ,
President Wheeler paid an eloquent and [
I feeling tribute to the worth of President '¦
i Babcock, who resigned from Berkeley i
| to become president of the University ef ;
I Arizona. He then referred at legnth to :
j the difficulties and complications which I
! on every hand beset the president of a \
I State university, saying:
Too often the position has been made the
football of shifting popular moods or of party :
I politics, or. worse, of factional strife. Unless
I the university in all its working and being can j
I ris« like a. liehttrouse high and clean afcxfve the ¦
j e'irsing and dashing o£ the transient and sor- I
I Cl<i. unless It can l*y Sold with It3 foundations j
upon somethin? more sotid than th3 shirtir.g \
sands of crlnion and prejudice, unless it can |
look down calm and undietnayed la its anchor- ,
j age of truth upen the battling waves around it. j
i conscious that th^ir fury cannot reach it, i
j there inigrht as well be no university.
I am warriine here not alon- about the j
common brew o£ party politics, bat about ike ;
meaner brew ¦ that ts stirred In the name of !
I private "pull"' — the influential citizen who •
; wants his wife's cousin appointed to an in.- \
: «tructor?hip; the editor who wage3 & grud?e
! b#^ause a friervi who was an Incompetent in- •
¦ structor lost his rlace; the Aasemblyman ;
wheae brother's t»>y must not be expelled let-t i
', appropriations in the next Leslslanin; suffer: I
: the professor Whose salary had better be :
; ra!?«d because it will be acceptable to certain ,
i Important railroad people with whom he goes i
1 camping in the summer, etc.
BACKHANDED STEALING.
All this busir.e?s Is full of backhanded
: blackmail and backhanded stealing, but is toi
! erated and often promoted by otherwise well- j
| lntentioned ciuz^r.3 of sluggish oubltc con- j
i tcience. who dazedly conform to th» vulgar no- \
; tion that seme way or other public, money '•
i cannot b* excected to have as much value as
] other money. A public official who uses his i
; position to secure public office ar.d pay for a
! r-.aa inferior to the available best tweaese tti \
i personal or private relations cr obllgaticr.s tc '•
i that man has used public money wherewith t>> :
i *ett!e private aco>unts: he ha3 treated a pcbllc '
: tmst as a private possession; he' has stolen
i public money: he is a thief. The man wto '
• wrges an official to .io such a thing has> incited !
1 theft and is a partaker in the crime.
Among other difficulties one haa teen alleged
I to inhere tn the position of a university under :
i public control which may fa some circurn- [
\ stances constitute a real danger to academic :
I liberty and the liberty of truth. This con- |
; ceres the possibility that fre<» investigation i
, and frank m*tructif>n concerninar subjects In- '
'• vo!v»d in the rartlsan contentions of tho*»
1 parties or societies tr.to which the duW:c is \
divided may be r**train-id or perverted through ;
, the influence* cf the** ornnixations. A few
' pitiable cases have occurred In State universi- I
ties, but immeasurably more in private itiatl- !
! tutlons. In fact, these latter are often or- \
I eanized in loyalty to some idea or set of b?- j
I Uefs, which very fact precludes the free i
i scientific treatment of subjects having relation ;
thereto. A State university should lend no aid ;
: to partisanship of any kind, but on the other i
: hand I have no hesitation in expressing my !
! conviction that if the conditions of public con- •
I trol re^iuir^ that any field of human Interest
and social need which demands Investigation ,
J-fcr the social goc-d oust ce excluded from the ,
i rur\'iew of the State university because of j
i such ccntrol then the ba^is of orranizatljn is ;
i fal*e and public ccctrol is a mistake.
| DANGERS OF PARTISANSHIP, j
ar.d an BBttpsy. which will be performed
by Ast9P*7 Buigeon L. D. Baci^aiupi at
the- MorjrJ* to-day, wi!! d<?*r.ite!>- deter
rr^ne •srhether ClUXard canoe '~> his d^ath
frcm a. fractured sk'.:!! cr so=e constitu
tional diseas-?.
A physician was sumnonei br Mrs.
Clifford Saturday wh?n her husband grew
•worse and upon the advic* of the doctor
ttxs rfr.?ved to St. Luke's Hcsr4tai Tues
day aftemocn in an uncci:»c;oiis condi
*.'.:r.. The police E.re working on the case
-¦"e doer cf his hc^s^ ar.d thrust inside
I f seme cr.e # who th<?n hurriedly <i»7>art
- i. g'grr-T-''-g- the trate as te left. Clifford
hai be«TT a. aeater of a ¦union, but re
. <=r.t;y failed to pey h'.s dues and stgnined
h'.s titentica c£ withdrawing. Un. Clif
forfl thinks ft riay be p.o«5ible that he
V<?cs.ir:e en^sred tn £n altercation with
pome cf the Ees:b«rf cf his uni?n and re
ceived the Injuries that results In his
death at their hands.
His ¦wife endeavored tD as;?rtaln how
he had been hurt, tut he was taafcla to
£ive a satisfactory answer. lie stated
that he bad left the wlr.? visits at 5:30
p. m. ar.i had gene to the home of Harry
Goodye&r, a fellow employe. After r-s
mainlr.g- tnere a tew dln^te« he started
tcr honie, but remembered r.-thin^ that
transpired en the way. Mrs. Clifford
that Goodyear called cpoa her and
; — r^rt^d the Information that he had
sor.t her h;isi>^n<i hcrse In charge cf a
frlecd. He maln-air.ed that CliSori was
The wliow c* the dead caa is d the
: r. that her husband was token to
::wtrg zzcrzLzig he regained his senses
lind c*:~pi2.:ned cf severe ;a!rj In thp
5 »s**i. who tm employed In the
""'--• vaults cf Leci— aa. & Jacob!, on
TtSrO. and To^-naend streets, raided a:
Ii5 Lf.-gtcn street with his wife ard
e±Cfl. Fr.iay nl^bt he failed to return
from w~rk until after 13 o'clc<^. &nd upon
hcrne fell t» the *ocr and lapsed
1— to unciciisci3usne*s. There -was a fcruis*
en his "cs* and ever the right eye. but
he ru ur.ii>l« to ~._-. - any s:a.tenent as
to hstr h» rectlrei the ir.jur.-s. The f rl-
Jchi C-.:~cri. ts. «=ip:oye cf tie Cali
for^a Wire Association, filed at Et.
Luke'i HcspitAl last ni^ht from what is
fceUevei t* b« a fractured BknOL Er.d the
circcniEt^ncea surrcund^ig the case were
*> UXiBUtiiaaa e.s to warrant Captain cf
Pe:ect:ves Mtrtln detailir? Detectives
Freel rs£ Burrer to tna.ke ta iaieatlcv
tisn.
Falls Madly in Love With
Girl Who Dresses in
Boy's Clothing.
John Clifford May Have Been
Victim of Foul
Play.
Says Colleges Should Lend
No Aid to Partisanship
of Any Kind.
Interesting Career of Weil-
Known Citizen Closed
by Death.
Pretty Young Woman
of Seattle Attempts
Suicide.
Professor Wheeler De
livers an Address
at Tucson.
Pioneer Theater Man a
Victim of Heart
Disease.
The Police Investigating
Case With Strange
Features.
Mr. and Mrs. John D. Koster have re
turned from a European trip and axe at
their home at S2S Grove street. The
daughters of the family wm remain In
Pari3 for some months.
Dr. and Mrs. Josef I. Maoson have re
turned from Europe and are at the Riche
lieu HoteL
Mr. and Mrs. Coolidge entertained a
number of friends at dinner last evening',
complimentary to Mrs. Dean add Miss
Dean.
Mrs. A- M- Smith entertained the Ama
ryHi** Club yesterday at her home, 606
Hyde street- _ _ _
Thc- Arcadian Ladies' Quartet will
give an entertainment this evening at
Century Hall, which performance is to be
a pleasant social affair as well as an ar
tistic success. The programme will b«
made up of solos, trios, duets and quar
tets, including arias from leading operas.
These talented women have appeared be
fore nearly all the clubs of San Francisco
and have won an enviable reputation.
The quartet is composed of Mrs. A.
Reinhold Denke. Miss Olga Herman, Mlsa
Mabelle Craig and Miss LJdla Sterling.
Mrs. Arthur Lewis will preside at the
piano.
A pretty wedding was celebrated yes
terday morning: at St. Vincent de Paul's
Church, when Miss Margaret E. Rogers,
daughter of Mrs. M. Rogers of San
Francisco, was married to Edward L.
Church of the Fire Commissioners' of
fice. The sacred edifice was nicely dec
orated for the occasion and the happy
couple were the recipients of congratula
tions from their many friends after the
ceremony. After breakfast the pair left
for an extended tour in Southern Cali
fornla.
M;sa Lucy Coleman. Mrs. W. X. Drvsm.
Miss Eeraie Drown. Mrs. Henry E Dutton.
Mrs W. E. l>aa. Miss H»ien l>?»n Mi«a
KaUiertaa Dillon. Miss Alice Haeer, Ml*s
Kthcl Hager. Mrs. W. G. Irwin Miss Mial«
Joeseiyo, Virginia Jolliff*. Mrs Samuel
Knight. Lucy Kingr. P^arl Landers Mrs O
H. Lent, Mrs. Fr*i W. McXear MLss Ruth
JXcNutt. Mrs. Edward Martin Mrs Euyene
Murphy. Stella McCa!!a Mrs' Latham Mc-
MuIUn. Mrs. Robert Oxrard. Miss Chrietiae
I'omeroy, Mis? Marie Louis- Parr^tt Mrs.
Rudolph Spr^-cJcI*. Miss O?rtru<iA Smith Mr«
M. S. Wilson, Mrs. RnwU J. Wilson.*. *Harry
Pcott. V,'. X. Drown. S. H. Boardman Henry
F. Duttcn. \V. E. Dan, Frank B. Kin* Fred
Greenwood. James W. Byrne. Thomas Bar
bour. J. R. Howell. Charles EarL Percy
Ki=gr. Samuel Knight. George H. Lent Fred
W. McXear. Frank Goad, James D Phelaa
Eugene Murphy. Prescott Scott. Latham Me-
StuIIin. Robert Oxnard. H. X. Stetson "W J
Lyster. Rudolph Spreckels. R. p Scawortiu
M. S. Wilson. J. L. Rathbone. MUa Emilie
Wilson. Mrs. Cfcaunrey WJc3l<rw Mrs W H
Taylor Atfcole HcBeaa. H. M Holbrook." \v*
H. Taylor. B. G. Somers, W. B. Sanborn'
Allen St. J. Bowie. Enrique Grau, William
A. Miller. R. M. Dapera. R. M. Eyre W
Mayo Xewha.ll. Edgar Petxotto. Chri» Froe
lich J C. Wilscn. W. Stewart Burnette, Clar
ence Follia, M. S. Latham. Captain B. E.
Johnson. ...
E. 51. Greenway was host last evening
at a delightful dinner in th<? cor.servatory
of the Palace Hotel. The birthday of the
irost wa.5 the reason for the affair, and
flShty guests assembled to do him honor.
The six tables were handsomely deco
rated. One had white chrysanthemums
in a tall Japanese vase surrounded with
a garland of the same blossoms mingled
with autumn leaves. Another was in
autumnal tints with yellow chrysanthe
mums tied with sashes of bull liberty rib
bon. Still another table was laden" with
wreaths of American Beauty roses, with
a basket of the same roses in the center.
Two tables were in pink roses of different
shades, and another In dark red roses
and purple blossoms wa3 deftly arranged
by the Misses Worn. Artistic place cards
had been painted by Amadee Joullin,
and everything was well appointed. The
music was excellent, and informal danc
ing In the ballroom followed the dinner.
The jruests were:
The bride's mother was charming in a
handsome gown of heavy light blue silk,
interchangeable with gold. Venetian point
lace formed a flounce at the foot and the
transparent yoke was of the same lace.
There was also a Venetian point lace ber
tha edged wi:h shirred tulle over a nar
row band of gold lace. The elbow sleeves
were of pale blue chiffon cloth.
Mrs. Downey, the groom's mother, was
becomingly gowned in black lace over
white satin, with garniture of silver span
gles.
After the supper which followed the cer
ennony the guests dance<i until a late hour.
Mr. and Mrs. Downey departed for a
honeymoon of two weeks, but did not
connde the secret of their destination.
Upon their return they will occupy their
new home on Van Ness avenue. They
will reside permanently in this city, as
Mr. Downey is a junior member of the
V.'niiam Cluff Company.
The ushers, James Sweeney, Frank G.
Farien, Roger Lenncn and F. H. Kerri
gan, followed the bride. The groom and
his best man, William Humphreys, await
ed the party with the officiating clergy
man. Rev. William Kirk Guthrie of the
First Presbvterian Church.
Then came the bri.ie on the arm of her
father. She was lovely in a rare white
gown cf Duchesse lace in which were
carefully woven large medallions of rose
point. Th» transparent yoke was also
of lace. The foundation and puffed el
bow sleeves were of panne liberty satin.
The tulle bridal veil completed the cos
tume. The bride also wore a large dia
mond pendant, which was the latest gift
of the groom. The bouquet was a shower
of Bride roses and tulle.
Miss U&bd Cluff was a beautiful maid
of honor in white panne Duchesse. liberty
trimmed, with filmy French lace and
medallions of iridescent spangles. She
also wore a crushed girdle of pink velvet
and carried carnations of the same color.
The ceremony was performed in the
marble room, where in one corner Miss
Fecheimer had built a bridal bower of
pink and white chrysanthemums, over
which were white doves with streamers of
white tulle following their flight. Doves
were similarly arranged with chrysan
tnernuin3 over the chandelier in the cen
ter cf the room. Large clusters of the
same Cowers covered the incandescent
lights around the room and were twined
In all chandeliers. Two long garlands of
chrysanthemums formed an aisle with
tali branches of the flowers placed short
distances apart along the way.
At 9 o'clock music heralded the ap
proach of the bridal party, led by two
little ribbon bearers. Miss Florence Mat
son and Miss Florence duff, gowned In
rose pink liberty silk, accordeon pleated
and trimmed with Valenciennes lace. Lit
tle Geraldine Cluff, also in pink, came
next as liower girl, carrying a basket of
pink baby roses and rose petals, which
she scattered in the path of the bride.
The bridesmaids. Misses Lillian. Jean
and Mary Downey and Miss California
Cluff, came next in pink liberty silk. Two
of these costumes were ruffled with garni
ture of sheerest white lace and two were
tucked and trimmed with heavy Van
Dyke points of lace. The bridesmaids"
bouquets were ferns tied with pink chif
fon ribbons.
The bride Is Miss Haud Cluff, daughter
of ilr. ked airs. William Cluff of this
city, and the groom George "Wright Dow
ney, con of Mr. and Mrs. Andrew Dow
ney of Berkeley.
Cupid scored a success In the Downey-
Clu2 wedding last evening that certainly
promises him many fatur* triumphs, for
every man and maid among the IS guests
was prompted to g-o and do likewise.
SHOOTS HERSELF
IN THE CHEST
TELLS OF DUTIES
OF UNIVERSITIES
GEORGE SCHMITT
DIES SUDDENLY
MYSTERY VEILS
LABORER'S DEATH
DOWNEY-CLUFF
WEDDING HELD
AT THE PALACE
THE SAN FBAK CISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1903.
9
GBAPE-2STJTS.
EVERYTHING
Depends ca Feed.
Heir cftea the kind cf food eaten de-
termines a csestlcn cf future health, a-d
happiness cr eves life cr fleath.
'"Ocr little clri xrfcen but five 'weeks eld
had to undergo a very severe operation
wtiicn left her unable to tafre her ronrish-
xnent In the natural way, that la by nurs-
Irg. &z.Z cf course the had to be fed. She
•sraa ru.turally fraU and the food did not
help her. At the age cf eleven weeks she
was rut'ect to a second operation and
txvm that tline the continued to rrow
thinner and weaker until she was but a
mere ehadow," eo writes a lady cf Ohio.
"TVe trUd many kinds cf infant foods
and then the doctor directed us to try
Grape-Xuts. "We did so and >at the end
cf the first week noticed an Improvement
and after that ehe began to Improve rap-
idly. As we continued to give her Grape-
Xuts she kent paining until she Is now
mere than two years old and etronjr and
healthy. Ker main focd has always been
Grape-Xuts ar.d to Grape-Xuts she owes
her Ufe. Xatursily we are Cna friends
the food and never lose an opportunity
to BP«alc a good word fcr it." Xanxe given
by Postum Co.. Battle Creek. Mich.
I>ock in each package fcr a copy of the ,
famous little bock, "The Road to Well- j
Tiile.- • ' j
There are two kinds of
emulsions of cod liver oil —
Scott's and all the others.
Not. one of the latter is as
valuable as Scott's Emulsion
and there's a reason for it
Only the purest ingredients
enter our Emulsion and its
quality never varies. That is
why it helps when all others
fail.
There's not much oil in
the market now; it's scarce
and high in price. But seal
oil and other inferior oils are
cheap and plentiful. That's
why you can buy^so many
substitutes for Scott's Emul-
sion at a lower price.
We guarantee our Emul-
sion to be the best remedy
for weak lungs, low vitality
and wasting conditions. Who
guarantees the others ?
We Tl sesd you a trmplf free, upon request.
SCOTT & BO WSB, 409 Pearl Street, New York.
— •
SCOTT'S EMULSION.
_ - 1 -»r
NSgsSS^; Quickly and effectfvery In nil cas-« of Nervous Headache, Sic*
sS>SSSSN: Headache. Lumbago, Ssa-Sickness. Car-SlcKness, Irritability.
Periodic. Bearing-down and Ovarian Pains.
SNSS$$$S *^ ara very cr&teitil that I have found such a perfect renady
NnS^ssJs ' or nea<iache- i bad a sunstroke whtl© In the aray. and rrsr
SSnnnnnS itnee hare rc^Tared treaty frees headache ar.d biliouaa-ss. Th*
¦^OsSSnx only thin? that ever gave tss any relief Is Dr. Miles' Astl-P&la
PUIs. which I have used with satisfactory results for a number
of years."— M. 8. BAUARI). 93 Catltsa. Ave.. Paaadasa. Caitf.
"I have fre*jue=t:y used Dr. Miles* Astl-Paia PVla for Neu-
ralsla. and they tsvartably give speedy relief. Also la traveim*.
ani never without taera to prevent drowsiness arrH headacas.**—
E. L. SAXFORD. MgT. Etna Springs Hotel. Etna. Sjsrtns*. Caia:"
"Two years *gr> I had a severe attack 0* La Gr!pp». aad waj
SSSS5nSx< under the doctor's care for five days without any relief. Tbea I
vSSnnSSS; bousht a box of Dr. Miles' Anti-Pain Pills, and five Pain PtH*
sSSSSSS^ cured me. A short time a?o I had another attack, but thanks
if^Jw^a to the P3ln PlUa I was soon cured, taking only tare* cf th«
fnT^^^^* Pills. --JOKN* X. PUKTTEMAN. Glendaie, Ore.
Vv$C$^$^ N-urars!a. Rheamatlsm, Sciatica. Backache. La Grippe. Pain l»
$S$SNNSN Stomach. Ague Pains. Indigestlcn. Dizziness. Nervousness and
SXNNNsxr; Sleeplessness.
SSSS^s^ "Once, and often twice a weeSc. for years I fcav* had sp«2a
BX^ NNN>Cvl of dull, heavy pains across the forehead ac^ornpanied wita
calns la heart, ara and .«hou!ders. I find Dr. Miles" Antf-Paia
Pills sVrr b*n»ficial. em tablet usually b€i=r suScient tD stop
the pain."— MP.3. LEOXA -ELDER. Wheat^md. Calif.
t'1 could not sr»t alor.r withoat Dr. Mills' Anti-PaJa PCs.
Thev give me almost instant relief from almost any pain.
I -Ive them to all of the chiiar*«n, even tte baby, and w» fed
no" bad effects afterwards, as or.e does from taoa: rn«Lrines. —
MRS. IRX ALLEX. 203 Indiana Ave.. PJverslde, Calif.
Dr. Miles' Antl-Paln Pills are sctd by all drugstrta, 2S,^«t^«
box. under a positive B u*rante9 tnat the f.rst bcx well twrwflt
in or money refunded.
The Gennine Dr. Miies' Remedies are never sold at Cut Prices.
ALITJSZMEXTS.
"Caft fc« r»coinmei:<ie-i-" — Cbronfcle.
•¦Kept a larse au«iiecc« in. good fcumor." —
Exarr-iner.
••Net euna^sed size* tte days ct Anna
Held."— Bulletin.
"Brightest ttiia^ that ha? coce cut cr the
j East. ~Lcta Of singer."" — OIL
TH« Merry Musical FaataaT.
STORKS
jMaaa^eai'est Dearborn Tlwater Ccmpa=7->
Th«; b*?st si=gi=«- crganiiaticn on tcur.
EVERT £OXG A HU1I1IEK.
THI3 WEEK AND NEXT WEEK.
Nightly. inc!udir.e Sunday. Matin'w Saturday.
SeKta for «eccnJ wteit r.-jw rea-iy.
GRAND SZ^
TO-VIGHT ani ALL THIS ar.d NEXT WEEK
Matinees Wed. and Sat. Each Week.
NO SUNDAY PERFORMANCES.
Curtain rises evenlnzs at 8: matinees at 2.
KLAW and ERI^VNGEP.'S
=tup<?n>iou3 Prcductien d General Wal.ace s
BEN HUR
35O— Persons in Production — 350
5* Scats Laid AJiis. 5» TV.sjisas Oriirs Taisx.
PRICES— J2. *l B* *l- 75c aEd uyc - .
<M1 seats reserved. General adaii*sion. II.
Out-oJ-town call criers with resaittaaces
filled in order received.
DESISABLi: STL&.TS CAS BE 8E-
CUKED FOB AlLPIiaPOEaASCK
XHIS AZTS 21 EXT WEEK. [
— JOVIAL VAUDEVILLE! —
"Village Choir" Quartette; 2£ax Wal-
don; Olivette; The Two Eoses, and
Goleman's Dogs and Cats.
! Last Times of McWatters and Tyson;
Three Bichard3; Crawford and
Manning, and Wenona and Frank.
Reserved Seat3 23«;Ea:cccy 10c
Eox Seats and Ofera Ctairs Me
IpALIFQRNTft
Ilij --57 \r\
I W 1 MIXSTREL3 I* 1
since days of Eaersoa." — Aahtca Stevess.
Haverly's Minstrels,
Beaded ty the Fu==iest of All IKsstrel
Oraa«<ila2S,
....BILLY VAN....
¦^^1 NEXT SUNDAY. - \rxsa
Jnrij HERRMANN THE GP.EAT. j H
iiheatrD
DID YOU HEAR?
Tiat the K«w Very Fossy
\ RUBES AND ROSES |
Was aa txneQ-oaled" coCatloa of happy lur? rises?
The cleverest of all our shows.
Oor "All Star" Cast. IadadLsf
KOLB AND DILL,
BARNEY BERNARD.
WINFIELD BLAKE*
MAUDE AMBER.
GEORGIA CRAlET.
EES T. DILLON.
Reserved seats — Nights. 23c. COe aad 73<s.
Saturday aad Soaday Bsatlsees. 25c *ad 50c
Cblldrea at caatlatea. 10c aad 25c. -,--~ -:
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. IKVIGO&A-
tor and Nervine.
The most wocderfat aphroGstaa and Sp«dal
Tc^ic for tii« Sezsal Organs, for both sszaa.
Tie ICezleaa Remedy for Diseases of th»
Kidneys and Bladder. Sells en Its own merit*.
NABER. ALFS * BRUNE. At«3tx
C3 ilarket St.. S. F.— C3«;i izt CiSViliXXi
ASTCT&EiEENTS.
ALCAZAR"H4s"
G«=eral Manager.
Tee Alcazar Is Flayis? ta X.ack WttSx
Its Knr Fso^la" — Et.iT-.tner.
TO-NIGffT— MATDEES SAT. aad SO*.
TOO MUCH I -a-
JOHNSON, i ££-
Evga., 2Tc to Toe; Mat. Sat. £ San.. 13c to Me.
NEXT MONDAY— The Faoooa Far-leal Frir-
oUt7 That VoaM Wear Out.
THE PRIVATE SECRETARY.
Eclasco & Itiyer. Pirjprietsrt.
Mark-t it.. n?ar E:g!:ta. Piles* Sonti 333.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THI3 WEZK.
MATINEES SATXROAT A.ND SUNDAY.
Tie Maj=!2c?ni Ccrcedy Dracsa.
"AT VALLEY FORGE."
Thrilling Story cf Patriotism and Lor«:
pmrCC ETe=i=s* 10c to 50o
raiWU Matinees 10c. 13c; 23o
Next ¦Week— By cniversal demand — Tnoa-
saoia enable ta cbtaia teats — I* R. STOC2-
WELL.'3 irasaaotli prwiactica ci
-xnscui Toars/ cabtst."
i I VU^LI HOUSE.
NOTE — P^rf-rr=a=<^s besia at S siarp. 8»t-
ur : .1- Matteee at 2 sharp.
TO-SIOHT—
SATURDAY MATINEE ft SUNDAY ICIGHT.
GREAT DOUBLE BILL,
Masca-Tsrs Maacer;!eca.
"CAVALLERIA RUSTICANA"
And Lecncarailo's Lyrla Drxaa.
- TPAGLIACCI."
FRH>AT AND SATTRDAT NIGHTS, "
Dcaiietti'a .-r>- i:i Opera,
"LA FAVOR IT A n
PRICES AS USUAL— 3c. SOe. IVt
Telechcna 3-ai A.
Hljh-aass Specialties Every After*
noon and Evenini in the Theatre
TO-!TIQHT
GALA AMATEUR PERFORMANCE
cosci^i^s vntu
NEW* LIVING PICTURES.
C0LC2ZD BABY 15 THX J37AST QICr3ATCX
VISIT THE
"MYSTIC MIRROR iMAZE"
ADMISSION 13c t- CHILDRry. 8c
MISCKLT.ATnSQTJS ATmSTTMrnXTS.
3IATTKEE3 SATURDAY AXD SUNDAY.
LAST FOUR NIGHTS.
ELLERY'S ROYAL ITALIAN BAND.
Cfcaxs» of Prsrraisne Each CCaeert.
POPULAR PRICE3-5CC T3c $1.
GENERAL. ADMISSION— 50c
Vex Office: Sherrsaa. Clay A Co.'a.
D«1o r A DON'T PAIL TO
- COURT Lotmgiaj
Hflfl rooa. the EMPIRE
allU PARLOR. th«
r < PALM ROOM. th«
ITf/ififl LOUIS XV PAR-
VllaiiU LOR. and the LA-
o . t DIES' WRITING
Hotels I Sop*:
I A2IUSE2IEXTS. j
AUTOMOBILE
AND
MOTOR CYCLE
INCLESIDE TRACK
FRIDAY and SATURDAY, Hoy. 6 and 7
At 1:30 Sharp.
Eat tern and Local Attraction*.
ADMISSION-ONE DOLLAR. .
Ttckets at Sherman, day & Ox's, Friday
and Saturday niorsir.fs.
Crand Automobile Parade To-Mght
BASEBALL!
PACIFIC COAST LEAGUE.
RECREATION PARK.
EIGHTH AJfI> HARRISOK
CHAMPIONSHIP GAMES.
THURSDAY AND FRIDAT. 3 P. M.; SAT-
URDAY. 3 P. M»
SUXDAY 2:30 P. M.'
PORTLAND vs. SAN FRANCISCO.
UU5IES' DAYS THURSDAY AXD FRIDAY.
Advance Sa.lt, S Stockton St.BRITISH SHIP ST. MUXGO, '
WHICH ARRIVED AT TALTAL.
AFTER LONG VOYAGE.
TO SAIL.
Steamer. 1 Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
„ i, . November 5. f |
G. Lindauei Astoria & Portland| 5 pm|Pler 28
Coronaao.. Grays Harbor I 4 pm|P!er 10
C. Nelson.. Los Angeles Ports.. [12 m|Pier 2
Centennial. Seattle & T8coma..| 5 pmlPier 2
Eureka Humboldt 9 amjPler 13
State of Ca! San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Bonita Newport & Way.. P am Pier 11
Phoenix... Mendocino City I 1 pmlPier 13
Samoa Loe Angeles Ports. | 9 amlPier 2
November O. I I
S. Cruz San Diego & Way.) 4 pmlPier 11
Arctic Humboldt | 9 am|Pier 10
Pomona... Humboldt II. "SO p Pier 9
Rainier Seattle & Whatcomf 4 pm Pier 10
Ramies Hamburg & Way..| 8 amlPier 18
November 7. | I
Alliance... Eureka & Coos Bay| iPier 16
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena I 4 pm Pier 2
Centralia.. Grays Harbor 1 4 prn pi er 10
Rival Willapa Harbor-... | 3 pm|Pier °
Alameda... Honolulu ;. 11 am Pier ~7
Umatllla.. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 8
Curacao... Mexican Ports 10 am Pier 11
Peru N. Y. via Panama|12 m Pier 40
Iaqua Humboldt | 1 pm|Pier 2
.November 8. | )
S. Monica. Los Angeles Ports.| 4 pm]Pler 2
Arcata Co °s B.& Pt.Orford|10 am]Pier 13
S. Rosa San Diego &. Way| 9 am|Pier 11
November 9. 1
Newburg.. Grays Harbor .... 4 pm [Pier 10
Corona Humboldt l:30pPler 8
N Fork .. Humboldt 5 pm Pier 'i
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Coos Bay.. San Pedr o & Way. 9 am|Pier H
November 10. 1
A. Maru... China & Japan 1 pm Pier 40
J. Dollar. .. Seattle & Tacoma. 1 10 am Pier 2
November 11. |
Chlco Coquille River 5 pmlPier 2
8. Barbara. Seattle & Olympia. 4 pm|Pler 2
November 12. |
Qneeu. Puget Sound Ports 11 am) Pier 9
San ledro.. Humboldt 4 pm|Pier 2
November 14. |
San Juan.. N. Y. via Panama. |12 m|Pier 40
G W Elder. Astoria & Portlnndlll amlPier 24
November 17. | |
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports.|ll am|Pier 9
FROM SEATTLE.
. Steamer. |_ For. ' | Sails.
Dirlgo Skagway & Way Ports. Nov. 6
Bertha.. Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Nov. 7
Valencia.*.... Skagway & Way Ports. Nov. 7
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. Nov. 7
City Seattle... Skagway & Way Ports. Nov. 13
Santa Ana I Cook* Inlet & Way Pts. Nov. 16
The rummage sale for the benefit of
the San Francisco Nursery for Homeless
Children will be resumed to-day at 37
Fourth street. Instead of the place for
merly announced. The sale will last thl3
Rummage Sale. ,
Vnlted States Coast and Geodetic .' Survey-
Time and Heights of High and Low
• . Water* at Fort Point, entrance ..to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superlntendent.
NOTE^— The hleh and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the same at both places.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
The British ship Bidston Hill la chartered
for lumber from Pugct Sound to Port Plrie
at 27«.
The steamer Indiana, now ¦ at Seattle, Is
chartered for lumber, thence to New York.
The bark Santiago returns to Uilo with gen-
Hatters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF" THE OCEAN.
Charles W. Clark is the defendant in
a suit to recover J10.000 due on a promis
sory note filed yesterday by the First
National Bank of Milwaukee. Clark. It is
alleged in the complaint, indorsed a note
for the sum sued for. made by H. D.
Quin of Milwaukee.-
Sues Quin's Indorser.
Captain R. Calhoun. one of the best known
ekippen* vailing out of this port and for many
years with Welsh & Co.. is seriously ill at
the Waldeck Sanatorium. His chance of re
covery is Bald to be slight.
Well-Known Captain Very 111.
The overdue British ship St. Munpo. for
whose Fafety grave anxiety was manifested
and ¦which was reinsured at 6O per cent, ar
rived yesterday at Taltal. 113 days from Aca
pulco. No change was made in the rate of
any of the other overdues.
Sixty-Per-Center Arrives.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed Nov 4— Stmr Kai
eer Wilhelm II. from Bremen, for. New York.
Arrived Nov 4 — Stmr New York, from New
Y«rk.
LIVERPOOL— -Sailed Nov 4— Stmr Oceanic,
for New York.
NEW YOHK— Arrived Nov > 4-^8tmr Majes
tic, from Queenstown. Nov 3 — Stmr Meno
mlnee, from London. ..
Sailed Nov 3—^Stmr Noordam. for Rotter
dam.
LONDON— Arrived Nov 4— Stmr Lancas
trian, from Boston.
Stream. ' from Portland.
TALTAL— Arrived Nov 4— Br ship St Mun
go. from Acapulco. .
NANAIMO— Sailed Nov 4— Nor »tmr Tlta
nia, for San Francisco.
8YDNEY — Arrived prior to Nov 2 — Stmr
Ventura, hence Oct 8.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed. Oct 80— Br etmr Em
press of China, for Vancouver.
CARDIFF— Arrived Nov S— Br bark Wan
derer, from Tacoma. . . '?,'''•<*
OCEAN STEAMERS.
The regular quarterly meeting of the
Golden Gate Union of Christian Endeav
orers will be held at the Fourth Congrega
tional Church, Stockton and Green
streets, at 7:45 this evening. A number of
eminent speakers will address the gath
ering and a special musical programme
will be rendered.
Christian Endeavor Meeting.
John Johnsen, a member of the crew of
the lumber schooner Klove, was struck
by a falling plank yesterday afternoon
and received internal injuries which may
result in his death. He was removed to
the Central Emergency Hospital.
Struck by Falling Plank.
The steamship Czarina started yesterday
for Coos Bay. but owing to the roughness of
the bar turned back and postponed her de
parture until the sea quieted down. Under
ordinary circumstances the Czarina would
have faced the music, but as she bad on deck
a full sized locomotive. Captain Seaman de
cided to take no chances of having the rolling
ctock break adrift and take charge of the
ship.
Czarina Turns Back.
The British ship Khyber. which arrived
Tuesday evening. • 158 dayg from Cardiff, re
ports that August 13 at Cape San Diego of
Terra del Fuego, she sighted a stranded four
master, equare rigged on three masts, white
painted yards and very rusty hull. This
Fame derelict has been reported by several
vessels. Its Identity has not been established.
The Khyber brought 3142 tons of coal.
Khyber Sights Derelict.
The claims were referred by the board
to the City Engineer for adjustment.
The claim of Leonora J. Humland for
$2500 was filed too late to be considered.
The board awarded the contract for an
addition to the election booth warehouse
to Dorland & Campbell for $11,767.
A majority protest was filed by property
owners against the sewering of Ashbury
street, between Seventeenth and Eight
eenth.
A number of property owners filed with
the Board of Public "Works yesterday
claims for damages which they allege will
result from the change of grades on Polk
and Chestnut streets. The claimants are
Mary . E. ' Farley, $6403 89; Mrs. Theresa
McSweeney, $5000; John H. S'.evers, $45.
000; Mrs. C. Kruger, $2400; C. Hillebrandt.
$4000; John L. Haskell, $1957 20; A. Garbar
ino, $3000; Mrs. M. A. Elliott. $2000; D. J.
O'Neill. $5000; Spring Valley Water Com
pany, $S0OO.
Property Owners Submit Estimate of
Prospective Losses With Board
of Public Works.
FILE DAMAGE CLAIMS
FOB CHANGES OF GBADES
The steam schooner Fulton, which arrived
here yesterday afternoon, struck a rock at 8
o'clock Tuesday night, when leaving Westport,
In a eouthwest gale. The Fulton's stem was
smashed and other danage was sustained.
Fulton Strikes Bock.
Mrs. White Allowed Damages.
Jane and Henry White, who sued Annie
and Joseph Zubcff for $25,000 damages for
maliciously causing the arrest of Mrs.
"White on a charge of child stealing, se
cured a default Judgment for $500 In
Judge Sloss' court yesterday. Mrs. White
was arrested December 1. 1902. and on
the Cth the charge was dismissed.
Samuel Reisnan, a stevedore employed on
the Pacific Mail dock, yesterday stabbed
George Nelson and was locked up on a charge
of assault to commit murder. Reisnan says
that Nelson and others were annoying him,
that he lost his temper and threw at his tor
menters a cargo hook, which struck Nelson
in the back. Nelson, whose wound was treat
ed at the Harbor Hospital, says that Reisnan
stabbed him with a pocket knife. V
Stevedore Besents Teasing.
The contract for the construction of the lit
tle Main-street wharf was awarded yesterday
to Healy. TibbitU & Co. -The Heaiy-Tibbitts'
bid. $19,897. vu duplicated by the City Im
provement Company. As only one award
could be made, the contractors flipped coins
and Healy won the tops and the City Im
provement bid was withdrawn. All the Har
bor Commissioners attended yesterday's meet
ing and approved the pay roll for last month,
amounting to $25,030. A firm of photographers
wants to make a picture of the water front
for the St. Louis Exposition. They propose to
use a film 500 feet long and to charge the
Commissioners $1 60 a foot, or J750 for the
photograph. The offer was ordered filed.
The Bids Tied.
Secretary White of the society will
write to the Wyoming- authorities about
the matter. Mrs. Roche asserts that Rev.
J. Lu N. Campbell of St. Anthonys, Wyo.,
is attempting to locate the lost girl. The
woman's husband is a painter.
Mrs. Jaraes Roche, residing at 26S7 Mis
sion street, has appealed to the- Society
for the Prevention cf Cruelty to Children
for aid in the recovery of her 14-year-old
daughter, •who, she alleges, is held in cap
tivity by a man named Allen of Moran
PostofSce. Wyo. The mother was Just
about to start for this State with her six
children when the oldest daughter dis
appeared. Investigation is alleged to
have shown that Allen had taken the
girl. The woman says she would have
recovered her daughter had it not been
for the fact that she feared a colony of
Mormons living near Moran Postoffice.
lirs. James Koche Appeals to Chari
table Society for Aid in Locat
ing 1 Kidnaped Girl.
TELLS STRANGE STOBY
OF LOSING DAUGHTER
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. i From. I Due.
Centralia Grays Harbor Nor. 5
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. Nov. 0
Mineola Tacoma Nov. 5
C. Nelson Portland & Astoria. .;. Nov. 5
Tellus Oyster Harbor Nov. 5
Del Norte Crescent City ;Nov. 5
Santa Ropa... Pan Diego & Way PortsjNov. 5
Point Arena.. Mendocino & Pt. Arena.|Nov. 5
J. Dollar Seattle A Tacoma INov. 5
Newburg | Grays Harbor |Nov. f>
Empire | Coos Bay Nov. 6
Senator • Seattle Nov. 6
Arcata | Coos Bav & Port Orford]Nov. 0
Coos Bay Pan Pedro & Way PortsjNov. b
Columbia Portland & Astoria |No\. «
North Fork... Humboldt INov. 6
Corona Humboldt Nov. 7
F. H. Leggett San Pedro Nov. 7
Chieo..> ! Coquille River Nov. 7
S.Monica Giays Harbor Nov. 8
San Pedro Humboldt Nov. 8
Wueen Puget Sound Ports Nov. *
Korea China & Japan Nov. 9
Edith Seattle Nov. 9
Eureka ! Humboldt Nov. !l
State of Cal.. ! San Diego & Way Ports Nov. 9
Sonoma [Sydney &. Way Ports... Nov. U
Eonlt* I Newport & Way Ports. Nov. 10
Pomona i Humboldt Nov. 10
G. W. Elder.. ] Portland & Astoria Nov. 11
Co! °n New York via Panama Nov. 12
City Puebla...; Puget Sound Ports Nov. 13
Gae »c--- 'China & Japan |Nov. 17
The whaling bark Alice Knowles. Captain
Montgomery, arrived late Tuesday night and
was yesterday released from quarantine. She
brought only 1870 barrels of oil. During the
cruise 6he lost seven big whales and had two
boats smashed. For the first time In the
memory of whaleman no landing waa allowed
at the South Sea island of Penlop, where for
years the blubber hunters have secured fruit
and vegetables. The agent of fe German trad
ing company came off to the whaler and no
tified Captain Montgomery that if any trading
was done it would have to be through him
and that nobody would be allowed ashore. The
Alice Knowles obtained supplies at another
island and hereafter Penlop island will not
appear on the whaler's calling list.
Makes Small Catch.
era I cargo. The French bark Marechal Suchet
was chartered prior to arrival for wheat to
Europe at 20b.
Movements of Steamers.
HONGKONG — Arrived prior to Nov 4 — Jap
stmr Akl' Maru, from Seattle.
DURBAN— Arrived Nov 3— -Br -ship Arctic
. HONOLULU — Sailed Nov 3 — Stmrs Sonoma
and US etmr Thomas, for. San Francisco.
Arrived Nov 4 — Stmr Sierra, 'hence Oct 20;
stmr Nevadan. hence Oct- 27; ,stmr Argyll,
hence Oct 25. ¦ , - £ ' •' ¦ - -
FOREIGN PORTS.
Wednesday, November 4.
Stmr Ruth. Reed, San Pedro.
Stmr Geo W Elder, Randall, Portland and
Astoria.
Stmr National City, Hammer, Redondo.
fitmr Scotia. Erickson, Bowens Landing.
Stmr Prentifg. Ahlstrom, Bowens Landing.
Stmr Newsboy, Adler, Eureka.
Stmr Chehalls, Frantzon. Grays Harbor.
SPOKEN.
Nov 3. lat 40 N. Ion 72 W, ship Henry B
Hyde, hence July 17. for New York.
Oct 8, lat 12 S. Ion 35 W, Br bark Ventura,
from Shields, for Port Los Angeles.
Oct 19, lat 2 S, Ion 21 W, Ger bark Blrma,
from Hamburg, for San Diego.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Nov 4, 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind NW, velbcity 6 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
. TATOOSH— Passed In Nov 4— Bark Pal
myra, hence Oct 24, for Port Gamble; Ger
ship Wllhelmine. from Taltal; • stmr City of
Puebla. hence Nov 2, for Victoria; stmr Mon- !
tara, hence Nov l.for Seattle; stmr Portland,
from Nome, for Seattle. ¦ ¦ '
Passed out Nov 4 — Schr Balnbridjre, from
Port Blakeley. for San Pedro.
Panned in Nov 4— Schr Geo E Billings, from
Manila, for Port Townsend.
?AN . PEDRO— Arrived Nov 4— Bktn John
Palmer, from Tacoma; schr Chas R Wilson,
from Grays Harbor; schr Mabel Gray, from
Eureka; sch» Beulah, from Umpqua; stmr
Alcazar, from Greenwood.
COOS BAY— Arrived Nov 3, noon — Stmr Ar
cata, hence Nov 1.
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed Nov 4 — Ship
Jabrz Howes, for Sydney. ' - "
Sailed Nov 4 — Br ship Cralgmore, for Callao.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived • Nov 4— Bktn
Katie Flickineer. from Port Townsend; schr
Winslow, from Tacoma; schr Alice, from Se
attle.
Sailed ¦ Nov 4 — Scbr Bainbridxe, • for San
Pedro. • •• ' ' '
REDONDO — Sailed' Nov 4 — Stmr Brooklyn,
for San Francisco. . . .
EUREKA— Arrived Nov 4— Stmr Corona,
hence Nov 3.
Outsldet-Stmr Alliance, from ; Portland, for
San Francisco.
ABERDEEN— Arrived j Nov 4— Scbr F S
Redfleld, hence Oct 26.
Sailed Nov 4: — Stmr Santa Monica, for San
Pedro. .... ... •; ..
SEATTLE— Arrived Nov 4— Jap »tmr Kaga
Maru, from Hongkong. . .
Sailed Nov 3j-Jap stmr Toga Maru, for
Hongkong.
Arrived Nov '4 — Stmr • Dolphin, ¦ from Skag
way; stmr Homer, from Astoria. ,
Sailed Nov 4 — Stmr Homer., for Alaska.
POINT LOBOS — Passed Nov 4, 3 p m — Stmr
Marshfleld. from San Pedro, for Hardy Creek.
POINT REYES— Passed Nov : 4, 3:35 d m—
Stmr Santa Barbara, from Olympla, for San
Pedro. • ¦
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Nov 4^ — Bktn Ama
zon, for Sydney.
." ISLAND PORTS. 3 '
SAILED.
Wednesday, November 4.
Stmr Bonita. Alberts, San Pedro; Pacific
Coast Steamship Co.
Stmr State of California. Thomas, San Diego;
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
CLEARED.
Wednesday, November 4.
Stmr Coronado, Peterson, 28 hours from
Santa Barbara.
Stmr National City, Hammar, 16 hours from
Point Arena: bound for Redondo; put In for
passengers.
Stmr Chehalia, Frantzon, 36 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Pomona, Swanson, 19 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Gielow, 22 hours from
Port Harford.
¦Stmr Eureka, Jessen, 48 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Gualala, Johnson, 11 hours from Not
leys Landing.
Stmr Ruth, Reed. 12 hours from Bowens
Landing; bound to San Pedro; put In to land
passengers.
Star Brunswick, Johnson, 15 hours from
Fort Bragg. ,
Stmr San Juan, Urry. 21% days from Pa
nama, via Mazalif.n 6^i days.
Stmr Phoenix, Odland, 20 hours from Men
docino.
Stmr Fulton, L«e, 27 hours from Westport.
Stmr Arctic, Reiner, 32 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Santa Barbara, Zaddart, 5 days from
Seattle; bound for Port Harford; put In to
land passengers.
Strr.r WhiteRboro, Olsen. hours from
Greenwood; ur> river direct.
U S stmr Gedney, Dickens, 6 days from
Seattle.
Fr tark Neullly, CameJitier, from Rotter
dam, via Cherbourg 154 days.
Schr R C Slade, Sonerud, 65 days from
Plsagua.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
The Time Bali on the tower of the Ferry
building was drtrpcl exactly at noon to-day —
i. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m., Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant U. S. N., in charge.
Branch Hydropraphlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchance, San Francisco, Cal.,
November 4, 1903.
Time Ball.
Sun rif:es 6:40
Sun sets 3:07
Moon sets (full) 5:V.) a. rn.
C JTlmej jTimel Time iTimel ~
P ( [ Ft. I Ft. Ft. Ft.
a ]L W| ]H W| - L W] H W|
*5 4:4S 2.2 10:56| 5.7| G::«|— 0.4| | .
H W L. Wl IH Wi L W|
6 0:42 4.9 5:301 2.4'll :3}[ B.7 <;:1!>j— OH
7 1:32 4.9 6:13 2.6 12:17 5.7 7:07*— O0
8 2:25 4.9 7:02 2.8 1:04 f>.6 7:6fi— O.5
» :<:1!> 4.!» 8:01 3.0 I:."! 5.3 S:f>o — O..»
10 | 4:13j 4.91 9:12| 3.1| 3:01| 5.0] 0:15| 0.0
NOTE — In the above exposition ot the tlrlc-»
the early mornlnc tides are given in the lert
hand column and tho successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the lart tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given aro in
addition to the sounding's of the United States
Coast Survey charts, oxcept when .1 minus (— )
sign precedes the height, and then th« number
given is subtracted from the df.pth Given by
the charts. The, plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Dorothy Brockway Payntar was granted
an interlocutory decree of divorce from
Eugene Bishop Payntar by Judge Troutt
yesterday. The decree was granted on
the ground of cruelty, Mrs. Payntar hav
ing been deeply hurt by her husband's
habit of chancing his name. She said
she had been successively known as Mrs.
Payntar. -the name she assumed at tne
altar; Mrs. Eugene Bishop, and Mrs. Guy
Eugene Bishop. The court decreed that
her proper name was Payntar.
Interlocutory decrees of divorce were
also granted to Llla S. Martin from C.
W. Martin for desertion, Hypathia Law
son from Thomas A. Lawson. Etfa Hurt
from Andrew J. Hurt for intemperance
and Laura Cumberland from Joseph Cum
berland for cruelty.
S:;its for divorce were filed by Sarah
I. Meady against Fred S. Meady for cruel
ty, Agnes C. Fisher against Carlos H.
Fisher for cruelty, Agnes B. Aulin against
John B. Aulin for desertion. Cliff R. Cur
tis Rcmlnst Jennie M. Curtis for deser
tion. 'Myrtle Blanche Powers against
Henry David Powers, a clerk in the em
ploy of Wells, Fargo & Co.. for infidelity,
cruelty and desertion, and Fannie C.
Ayers against W. F. Ayers for neglect.
Judge Troutt Grants Her Divorce
From Man Who Repeatedly
Changed His Name.
COURT'S DECREE GIVES
FREEDOM TO MRS. PAYNTAR
At Honduras also the officers of the San
Juan found evidences of discontent, and
all along the coast the people seem to be
weary of the peace which has reigned
with un-Central American monotony for
an unusually long period.
Among the San Juan's passengers was
John Jenkins, Consul General to Salvador.
Arthur Seegmiller, who came up on the
San Juan, has been engaged as foreman
on the Guayaquil and CJuito Railroad.
The road has been built as far as Gua
mote and has been abandoned owing to
the expense of construction.
The San Juan sighted several water
spouts along the coast. She brought thir
ty-three passengers, 860 tons of cargo and
treasure valued at $40,500. Her passengers
included the following named: Hettie
Hopper, John Jenkins, William C. Wade.
Guy S. Putnam, Amalie Bloedel, Vincent
Carroll, E. G. Bogl, John C. Charles, Her
man Schneider and James M. Pearson.
While there had been no outbreak
at the Isthmus when the liner left, evi
dences of a pending revolution were plain
ly visible, and the majority of the people
were apparently only awaiting the ap
pearance of a leader to declare themselves
and back up their declaration of inde
pendence with a fight.
THE Pacific Mail Company's steam
ship San Juan, Captain Urry, ar
rived early yesterday morning
from Panama and way ports.
THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 5,
When Crowley discovered the body he
immediately summoned the different
members of the family to the 5pot. after
which the body was cut down. After it
had been released for perhaps half an
hour it was discovered by one of the
two women who had been called in that
the body was still warm. Dr. Shumate,
who resides near the Crowley residence.
was summoned, but when he arrived he
pronounced the woman dead.
The relatives of the woman pleaded
that the body be left in their hands, and
the Deputy Ccroner, who arrived on the
scene, acceded to their request.
Tho deceased was born in England in
JS-S3 and leaves no children. Mrs. Crowley
owned considerable property in this city.
Including the home in which she lived.
Mrr. Eliraoah Crowloy. O yean of age.
committed BUldde by hanging yesterday
af ft moon at hor home, L'sQ Clay street.
Mrs. Crowley and her husband. William
Crowley. hal lived tug-other at the num
ber given ft.r the last thirty ytars, and
during that :ime there had been no quar
rels between the two that could have
lod to the woman's suicide.
Friends and relatives of Mrs. Crowley
yay that for some time she had been in
poor health, and that during; the last few
months had shewn sigr.s of Insanity. Six
v.e< ks ago The v.as taken to the French
Hospital, where ?he was treated for her
ailrr.er.t5, and after two weeks of treat
ment she returned home. The recent signs
of inpuiisy, however. Induced her hus
band to make arrangements for her re
moval to another hospital. Last Tuesday
he engaged a room for her at St. Luke's,
to which ulrice she was to be taken in a
few days.
Crowley left his home yesterday after
noon at 1 o'clock and. returning at 4,
found his v.-ife's dead body hanging by a
rre tied to the back porch about twelve
feet from the ground.
Indications show that the woman had
stood on a box and after fastening the
rope aruund her neck kicked the box
from under hir.
THE MYSTERIOUS FOUR.
Mr. Bulger at this Juncture said:
"The ship's articles show that there
were twenty-four men in the crew, eleven
adult and two child passengers and two
stowaways, making a total of thirty
nine. Now there were twelve on one
raft and nine on another and eighteen
in the captain's boat. Who were those
four people lost from your boat?"
"I don't know, sir. I knew none of
the passengers," replied Ravens.
The inspectors were unable to judge
whether the second officer's figuring was
wrong, or whether there were really four
people unaccounted for.
The investigation was continued until
to-day at 1 d. m. *
SAILORS JUMPED IN.
Why did you place those passengers in that
boat, instead of putting seamen in her?
When I lowered her, I aung out for men to
Jump in and hold her to the ship's side and
they Jumped in. I thought the sailors would
be of morn service in lowering the boat than
the passengers. I didn't order them in. they
Jumped in of their own accord.
Continuing, Ravens said:
My room was right over the propeller and
when the ship struck I felt the wheel stop.
Whether It started again or not I can't say,
but it didn't start again while I was in there.
It took me five minutes to dress myself and
the engines did not start in that time.
There were nine men on the life raft and
all but four succumbed. The water covered
the raft up to the knees of the men. Those
who could stand up lived, but the weaker ones
had to crouch on their hands and knees, the
waves washing continually over them. They
•were practically drowned. But four of us
were saved and all were sailors. There were
two or three passengers on my raft.
I think I was stationed with the captain.
You wouldn't have known what boat to feo
to. then, in case of sudden disaster, causing
tin- fibuiu'onment of the ship in the night time?
I fhould have gone to the starboard boat.
T do not know what boat I belonged to.
You, as second mate of the ship, did not
know what boat you belonged to?
One of . the sailors. I asked him why he
lowtred w'thout my orders and he replied
that he d!dr/t do it. I then told him to let
go the aftc tackle. I expected to jump into
the boat as soon as she was loose.
Was tlif- Bhlp going at this time?
I don't think so.
Ccvildn'* you have saved the boat if you
had gene down the tackle?
' Nc. because she was unhooked by the waves
right away.
What boat were you stationed at?
LOWERING OF BOAT.
Questions by Inspector Bulger and an
swers by Second Officer Ravens then
came as follows:
If there were eighteen men in the captain's
boat and twenty-one on deck, where did those
four who were lost from your boat come from?
I don't know. sir. I knew nothing of the
number aboard.
"Why didn't you have those men out of the
boat when you left to cross the deck?
I wanted them to hold her to the ship's
Fide.
Who lowered the boat?
When the ship struck I came on deck and
Bounded the hold for water. I found that she
had made four and a half feet. The captain
and I walked over to tho starboard boat and
I had it swung over the side. The captain
said. "Ravens you take charge of this boat."
I lowered my boat to the rail of the main deck
and put four men in it to hold it to the ship's
tide and keep it from being broken. I had
but two sailors to assist me. I walked to the
other sido of the ship to sec how many persons
would be left for my boat. When I returned
one of the sailors had lowered away the boat
and the four men in it were thrown into the
water as she capsized. . *
When the investigation was resumed
yesterday Second Officer Ravens occupied
the stand. He said he did not know the
compass deviation and had never used
any sounding apparatus but the lead and
line, as he bad no orders from the cap
tain to use the patent sounding tubes.
He had never changed the ship's course
without the captain's order. Ravens con
tinued:
Ravens said that he did not know where
his station was in case of sudden disaster
and that he did not know the deviation
of the compasses on board. He said that
the engines were stopped when the ves
sel struck. His room was right over the
propeller and he Bays that he heard it
stop, contradicting the testimony of the
engineer.
DIDN'T KNOW HIS STATION.
Did the steamer South Portland, which
was wrecked off Cape Blanco last month,
carry thirty-nine souls or forty-three?
The ship's articles place the number at
thirty-nine, and Captain* Mclntyre and
Mate Bruce both testified that that was
the number aboard.
According to the testimony given by
Second Officer Ravens yesterday before
Inspectors Bolles and Bulger there were
four passengers drowned by the capsiz
ing of his boat when she was launched.
If this is the case the captain was car
rying more passengers on his vessel than
the law allowed and has been endeavor
ing to shield the fact from the inspec
tors.
These men whom Ravens claims went
overboard from his boat "were drowned
before any of the life rafts were launch
ed. When he left the ship there were
eleven men on his raft. Two of these
swam over to Mate Bruce's raft, leaving
Ravens nine men and increasing Bruce's
load to twelve. In the boat launched by
tho captain there were eighteen souls,
making the total of thirty-one, as given
in the ship's papers and testifled'to by the
master and mate.
Who were these other four men and
where did they come from? is the ques
tion that battled the inspectors yesterday
afternoon. Whether Olticer Ravens was
mixed in his figures or whether the ship
was carrying more passengers than the
law allowed and master is endeavor
ing to keep in from the inspectors is yet
to be brought out.
Kicks Box From Under Her
After Adjusting Noose
Arcund Neck.
Second Officer Ravens Gives
Te3timoDy Regarding
Disaster.
Mrs. Crowley Hangs
Herself in Absence
of Husband.
South Portland's Pas
sengers Numbered
Forty-Three.
INSANE WOMAN
ENDS EXISTENCE
LIST OF DEAD
GROWS LONGER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1903.
Panama Liner Reaches Port With News of Discontent
in All Central American Republics, Where the
People Are Tiring of the Long Spell of Peace
OFFICERS OF SAN JUAN FIND SIGNS
OF COMING TROUBLE ALONG COAST
10
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
X rat us le»Vf »:¦<> ar« du« to urrt«e»t
SAN IUANC1SCO.
(M»in Line, Foot uf Market Street >
LBATK — FHOM OcruBtltTl. VAa. — A»»1T»
7.00a Bcnlrla, bulsnn, Kluira and Sacra-
mento 7-OTp
7.00a V»c«TiIle, Winter*. Kum»ey 7.55r
7.30* Martinez. Sun U.iracn, Vallejo,
N«p*. Oallntuif.1. Sant* lioaa 6 2Sf
7-30a Nile*. Ltverniurc, Tracy, Latferop.
Stockron .. 7.2Sp
8.00a Darls. Woodl»r.d. Knlxbts Lautllng,
Maryavilie. Orovtile 755p
8 00a Atlantic Exi>re?»—OKiien«ndfc.»it. 10-25a
8 30a Fort Cottm, Martinez. Anttixrh. By-
Ton. Tracy, ftiocktoa. Sacramento,
>'cwni<kD, L>'.-> ti»n.'». Itentlota,
Anocna. Lcmoore, Hanford.
Vl»»lla. rortprvlllfi 4.25»
8. 33* fort Costa, Martinez. Tracy. Lnth-
roi«. Mo.ltnio, Murced. Fresno,
Guihen Junction. Leaioore, Uan-
ford. Vlsalla. Battersfleld «5»
8-3&A Snait* Expresa— Davla. William*
(for Bartlett Springs). VFlHowa,
tFruto, K«d Blnff. Portland 7.55»
8-30* Klles. Ban .lone. Livermore. Stock-
ton, lone, Sacramento. Flacerrllle,
Mary»Tllle. CMco. Ued BlufT 4-2SP
8.30a Oakdnle. Chinese. Jamestown. 80-
nor», Tuolntnne and An«el» 2?5 F
900a Martinez and Way Stations «5-2? r
10.00* Vjuejo- „ - 12.25*
10.00a '
Ton costa, Martinez, Byron,
Tracy. Lathrop, Stock too,
Merced. Kaymond. Fresfco, Haa-
ford. Vlsalia, Batersfleld. Lo«
Anzeles <We*t-
bound arriTes iitfuut Line)-... «1.30r
1C08a TUe Overland Limited — Ogdea,
Denver. Omaha. Chicago 5s" F
12.00V Hayward. Mies ami Way Stations. 3.25*
ti-OOi" Sacramento ltlver Steamer* Til. 00*
330* Benlcia, Winters. Sacramento.
Woodland, Knights Landing.
Marysville. Oroville and way
stations t???*
330* Hayward. Nlles and Way Stations.. 7 65*
330J* fort Costa. Martinez. Byron.
Tracy. Lathrop. Modesto.
Merced, Frrsr.o and Way Sta-
tions beyond Port Costa 12-25*
3 30* Martinez. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl... 10 25a
4 CO* M*rtinex.S»nU!»mon.VaUeJo,Napa,
CalUtoga. Snnta Kosa. 9-25a
4 GO* Kllfs. Traov. Stockton. Lodi 4.26*
4 30* llavwunl. Klles. Irvlngton, San » + 8.55*
$ Jt-se. Llvermor* I {11.55a
E COj- The Owl Uml'.ed— Newm*n. Los
Base*. Mi-ndota. Fre»no. Tulare.
Uakrrsdeld. Los Angeles 8 55*
h C0r Port Cotta. Tracy, Stockton 1225*
tB IVr linTwnni, Mies and San Jose 7.25a
(¦ CO Hayward. Nlles and 6an. lose 10.25a
t 0C>- Ork-iital Mall— Oscdeu. DenTer,
Oraahm St. Louis. Chicago and
Entt. Port Costa, Benlcla. Sul-
sua. Elmlra, Davis, Sacramento,
Uocklln. Auburn, Colfax.
Truckee. Boca, Heno, Wads-
worth. Wlnnemucca, Battle
Mountain. Elko 4.25*
C.03* VaKt-Jo, daily, except Sunday.... ? 755.
J Ctt* Vs.UeJ». Sunday only f '
7.C0* San Publo. Port Costs. Martlnes
and Way Stations 11-23A
?C5* Orecon & California Express— Sac-
rnmento. Slary»ville. Redding.
Portia:)'!. Puget Sound and Enst. 8-65*
9 ICp llaywnrri, Mies aad Sao Jose (3un-
daronlv) ¦ 11.55a
COAST LINE Oarrow «an?e).
_ ** oOt uf M * rt:et Street.)
Yi5* Newark. JentervlUe. San Jose,
Frlton. il'.ulaer Creek. SanU
Cruz, and Way Stations 5.55*
i IDr Kt*»:l:, Centenrllle. Ban Jose,
New Almniien. Los Gatos.Felton.
l^ou'.dcr CTfttk, Snnta Cruz aad
Principal Way Stations 1055a
4 16* Newark, tan Jose, Los Gatos and
w«y station* t8.5»A.
¦3 3C* Hunters Train, Saturday osly, San
Ji.-f and Way Stations. Sunday
orly return* from Los Gatos .... 17 2S*
•OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
rum SAN t L:AN CI.-i.o. Fool uf Market St. (Slip*)
— 1»:13 >:UU U:U0*.M. 1C0 300 5.15 PH.
• roro OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — +6:00 J8:*9
?•i:u.'. iu.OOa.m. 12 00 2 00 400 *¦*.
COAST LINE (Broaa u« B *e>.
UT ( l'nira and Townsend Street*.)
6.10a San Jose and Way Stations • 3O
7 CO* San Jone and Way Stations (36*
8 CO* New Almadea (Tues., Frld., only), 4. 10*
6 00a CoastLlne Limited— StopsonlySaa
Jose, Gilroy (connection for Eol-
llster). Pajaro. CastroTllle. S*-
Hnas. Ban Ardo. Paso Iioblea,
fianta Margarita, San Lais Oblspo,
Principal stations thence Surf
(connection for Lompoc) princi-
pal station* thence Santa Bar-
bara and Loa Angeles. Connec-
tion at CastroTillA to and from
Monterey and Pacific Grove 10.43*
9.00a San Jose. Tres Pinos. Capitols,
SantaCraz,Pac!flcGrove,Saltnaa,
San Lots Oblspo and Principal
Way Station* 4.10*
10.30a San Jose and Way Stations 1.20*
11. 30* Santa Clara, ban Jose, Los Gatos
and Way Stations 7.30*
130r Ean Joie and Way Stations 8 3S*
3.C0* Pacific Grove Express— SantaClara
S*n Jose, Del Monte. Monterey,
Pacific Grove (connects at SanU
Clara for Santa, Crux, Bonlder
Creek and Narrow Gauge Points)
at Gilroy for Hollister. Tres
Pinos. at Castrovllle for Sallna*. 12.13*
3-30* Gilroy Way Passenger S1045a
t4 45r ban Joie, (vt» Santa Clara) Lot
Uatos, and Principal Way Sta-
tions (except Sunday) t9 25*
{5.30* San Jose and Principal Way Sutlons t8.03*
6.C0* Sunset Limited. Eastbound. — Saa
Luis Oblspo. Santa Barbara, Los
Angeles, Dealing. El Paso, New
Orleans, New York. (Westbound
arrlvcsTlsSiinJoaqaiaViney)... *9 21a
tS.15* San Mateo.neresford.Belmo&t.Saa
Carlos. Kedwood. Fair Os'ii.
MenloPark. Pa'.o Alto t8-*8A
E.?0r 6«n,Joie and Way SUtlons 6-35*
11 .30* South San Francisco. MUlbrae. Bur-
llngame. San Mateo. Belmont,
San Carlos. Kcdwood, Fair Oaks
Memo Park, and P«loAlto 945*
•11-30F Mayfleld, Mounuln View. Snnny-
v«;e, Lawrence, Sanu Clara and
San Jone t9-45*
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
t Sunday only.
t btops at all stations on Sunday,
t bunday excepted. a Saturday only.
« \ la Coast Line. u Via San Joaqutn val.ey.
pr-Only trains stopping at Valencia St. southbound
w«:10A.M..t?:OOA.X..ll:a)A.M..S::*>P.M.«3d8:SCiivM.
iggpiEpilg;, TO SAN RAFAEL
|SMp^R| : ROSS VALLEY,
CAZADERO, ETC.
~~r— r,, o~ice Standard Gauge Electric—
4: l?oAU «t"4 rVkAKL TO SAN FRANCISCO
™ U^ ea5 7:4O. 8:35. 0:W. 11:05
SSS?«V : *v**5 3:45 * 4:45> 5:45t 6:43 '
8 ¦f'roM^MILL 1 VALLEY TO SAX FRAN-
n^^-Dally-S:«. 6:55. 7:52 8:53. 0:55.
T-OS O-'«X> 10.35 d. m.
..05. J.U". . THROi:G H TRAIN3.
8:00 a. m. week days — Cazadero and war
"^Vj-fp m. week days Saturdays excepted)—
Tomaiea'and way stations.
3:15 v- m- Saturdays — Cazadero and way
Sundays only — 10 a. m.. Point Reyes and way
"^TICKET OFFICK— 626 Market »t.
FERRY — fnion Depot, foot ot Market st.
sjetS&^laM MENANDWGMEft.
«5gS5PtCI2KsS»3[j Cse Ciu G for unnatural
•¦ » to»<«»T»^3 discharges. inflammation*.
jffLtfTY Oa«:»ct«d vj irntition3 or ulceratioai
n^tmff mi< »;rloturt. of mucoar, membranes.
1^^ Trmnt* Cnucla*. P»in>Ass. and not a*tria»
H7s>V' l^ YA;<S '' HEM '"^- «»Qt or poisonoGS.
%Z^L CIHClNNATl,C.g-23B Scld by DrascliU.
C3.A. 2lf or sent in plain wr»pp«r.
¦VCStaSSSM**^"^ tl.OO. or 3 bottles •3.1*.
¦» H circul*r wet oa nquwt.
AL VEBTISEMENTS.
What is wanted of soap
for the skin is to wash it
clean and not hurt it.
Pure soap does that. This
is why we want pure soap;
and when we say pure,
we mean without alkali.
Pears' is pure; no free
alkali You can trust a
soap that has no biting in
it, that's Pears'.
Established over ioo years.
MAW^ET ST. Sf.
; I; LBRiBTEO TO CHSOAGO |
; } Lcev9s Monday* and Thursdays »
j at S:3O a. m., through in S days, I
\ with diner and all trappings. |
; Other Banta Fe Trains :
i olS ?* ~" (. for Steckton, Fresno, Bakersfield.
1 1:25 *' ™; f Merced, Hanford and Visalia.
I 4.00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Caajoa and
! Chicago.
1 Ticket Officb: 641 Market St., and Ferry
Depot. S. F. Also 11U Broadw»y, Oak-
land, Cal.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LiEISSEJE!
SAN FRANCISCJ ANu NOtlTH PACIFIC
EAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon rerry. Foot of Market Street.
' SAN PBANCISCO TO SAN BA7AEL.
; WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 9:0O, 11:00 a. m. : 12:35.
3:30, 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1 :50 and 11 :30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 0:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30,
5:00. 6:20. 11:30 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS — 6:05, 7:35. 7:50, 9:20. 11:15
a. m.; 12:50. 3:40. 5:00. 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:0O. 0:40. 11:18 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
4:55, 5:05, 0:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. I Sept. 27. 1U03. [San Francisco.
' Week Sun- I Deatina- I Sun- j Week
j Days. days. [ tion. | days. | Days.
7:30 a) filctf a, ST:10ai S:40a
• ]n::{Oaf Ignaclo. 10:40 allO:2O a
¦ 3:30 p! 3:.J0 i- 6:t>5 p t>:20p
5:10 p| 5:00 p 7:35 p|
7:30a - I 0:10a! 8:40a
S:0Oa| Novato. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30p 9:.'iOal Petaluma, B:O5p|tJ:2Op
0:10 p 3:30 p) and 7:35 p]
5:00 pf .Santa Rosa. |
T:SO~«[ f ~ i 10:40a|10:2Oa
8:00 a! Fulton. 7:35 pi 6:20 p
3:30 p 3:30 p| I
" Windsor. j
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsburr. 10:40 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
3:30 p 3:30 p Geyserville. 7:35 p 6:20 p
Cloverdale.
7:30 a 8:00 a Hopland 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 a 3:30 p and Ukiah. | 7:33 p| 6:20 p
7:30a| 8:00 a| Wtlllts. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30a| sIooTaj 110:40 a 10:2Oa
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Guerneville. | 7:Mp 6:20 p
7:30 a 8:00 a| Sonoma. j 9:10 a| 8:40 a
5:10 p 5:00 p|* Glen Ellen. j 6:05 pj 6:20 p
7:30 a 8:00 a] (10:40 a|10:20 a
; 3;30 p 3:30 p| Sebastopol. ( 7:35 pi 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentln; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altruria and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
serville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers, Booneville and Greenwood; at
Hopland for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs.
Kelseyville, Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs. Upper Lake, Porno,
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. Lterly's.
Bucknell's Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville. Orr's
Hot Springs, TCalfway House, Comptche, Camp* 1
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendocino City, Fort Bragg.
Westport, Usal; at Willits for Fort Bragg,
Westport, Sherwood, Cahto, Ctovello, Layton-
ville, Cummings. Bell's Springs, Harris. Ol-
sen's. Dyer, Garberville, Pepperwood, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 630 Market street. Chronicle
building.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Leave Tit Sjimlito fair/ Arrive
San Frandsco Toot of Mirkat St San Francisco
Week Sun- ajm Sun- Week
'Days. days days Day*.
•lfl:0aT*8:OO A F"QMsk&& l 4 i:o& r iol401
•1:45p 9:00a MgsSB&P I:25p2:5t>r
5:16r 1(>:OOa VSWt~2jV 2:50r *:5<>r
11:OOa \fo*5S3f 4:3Op 9:50p
l:45r ft: 5 Or _
... 3:15r 7:5Op ....._»
*0outet vita «U^« tor * Bipaw ud TOlov C*mp
n«SI J6aMARKKTST.,( North Shore Railroad)
OI/ICIS } and Sausau to Ferry Foot Market St.
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
If Three Fast Trams il
%|| Soulhorn Pacific, Union Pacific and Chicago t North-Western Rys. BE
HH^ Standard and tourist sleeping cars, compartment Mffl
*®J%i observation cars, buffet smoking and library cars; tgif
all meals in dining cars. ff M
v&'Iev F° r sleeping car reservations, tiriets and information &
»WJ**<iy>), apply to agents Southern Pacific Co., or to
'v8b?^£k • R- R- RITCHIE, Geneml Asent. JD^^^
CKICAfiO S NORTH-WESTERN RY.Nezv York Metal Market.
t ' - ¦ ¦ 'j
NEW YORK. Nov. 4.— As compared with
dosing prices Monday, spot tin was about 7s 6d
Potatoes, Qnions and Vegetables.
Tha market - r was heavily shocked with
table Potatoes. ' but supplies of strictly fancy
stock were comparatively light and the market
had an easy tone. Sweet Potatoes were In ex
cessive supply and were offered freely at a fur
ther decline. Two cars of fresh stock were re
ceived from Merced/ Common Onions were plen
tiful and dull, while fancy stock was In small
supply and steady at' the maximum quotation.
NEW YORK, Nov. 4.— Special cable and tel
egraphic advices received by Bradstreet's show
the following changes In available supplies, as
compared with last report:
WHEAT— United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies. Increase. 1,819,000 bushels afloat
for and In Europe, decrease l.SOO.OOO- bushels
total supply. Increased 619^000 bushels.
CORN— United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, decreased 374,000 bushels.
OATS — United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies. Increased 1,443,000 bushels.
Available Grain Supply.
Beana continue weak under liberal arrivals
and some fluctuations will be observed.
BEANS- Bayos. $2 16®2 40; Pea, $3 25;
Butters *JT 25? small White, $2 90@3 10; larg^
White. '$2 20®2 50; Pink. $2 10@2 30;' '£28?
$2 90@3; Lima. $2 75@2 95; Red Kidneys. $4'
Blackeye, $2 10©2 25 per ctl; Horse Beans,"
SEEDS—Brown Mustard. $3; Yellow Mu«
tard. $2 75«2 W-.'.Flax. » TO©1 80; Canary,
5@5Wc for Eastern; Alfalfa, I2@lSc; Rape,
!%©2%c; Timothy. 6®6^c; Hemp, 3H@3Ho
per lb; Millet, 3@3&e; firoom Corn Seed, $20©
DRIED PEAS— Green. $1 80®3 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
EASTERN MARKETS.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, less 60
per cent shrinkage for Cattle.
CATTLE — Steers. 8©9c; Cows and Heifers,
7©Sc; thin Cows, 4@5e per pound.
CALVES — 4®4%c per pound (gross weight).
SHEEP-^Wethfcrs. 3H@3*io; Ewea. 8@3)4e
per pound '(gross weight). -
LAMBS— $2 75®3 per head. _ ' • ;-
HOGS — Live Hogs, 150 to 250 rbs, 6%e;
under 150 lbs, 6U©5%c: Bows. 20 per cent off;
Boars, 50 per cent off. and Stags, 40 per cent
off from above Quotations- . <
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: .
BEEF— «®7c for Steers and B@6o per lb for
Cows.
VEAL— Large. 6@8c: small. 8@9c per lb.
MUTTON — Wethers, 7%@8Hc; Ewes. 7®8c
per lb.
LAMB— 9@10c per lb.
PORK— Dreesed Hogs, 7%®0e per lto.v.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Meat Market.
No further change In Cattle. Bheep or Hogs
wa» reported yesterday.
DRESSED MEAT&
Wheat— Nov. Mar. -June.
Opening 21 00 21 10
Closing 21 10 21 10
Flour-
Opening 30 15 29 00
Closing ,.. 30 80 28 05
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec. March. May
Opening 6 5>4 6 5K « *lk
Closing 6 5% 6 5% 8 4)*
PARIS.
Foreign Futures.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was quiet; creamery. 15@>21%c; dairy,
l-m<iil8»ic; eggs, firm at mark, cases Included,
19@21Hc; cheese, steady, lOVaSllc.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 50,800 17,400
Wheat, bushels 249,000 38,600
Corn, bushels 482,200 440,400
Oats, bushels 691.400 381,800
Rye, bushels 12.200 13,800
Barley, bushels 209,100 80,000
HIDES 'AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
ahout lV4c under quotations. Heavy salted
Suers. Oc; medium Re: light 7%c; Cow Slin
80 for heavy and -7%c for light; Stags, 5^*
Salted Kip. f»c: Salted Veal 9Hc; Salted Calf*
IOMic: dry Hides, 15o; dry Kip, 13c; dry Calf"
18c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 25@30c each; ehort
Wool, 40@C0c each; medium, 70®90c; lone
Wool. $1@1 50 each: Horse Hides, salt. $2 75
for large and $2@2 60 for medium. $1 25@1 75
for small and 50c for Colts: Horse Hides, dry
$1 75 for large and $1 50 for medium. $101 25
for small and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins — Dry
Mexican. 32o; dry salted " Mexican, 25c; dry
Central American. 32c. Goat Skins— .Prime An
goras, 75c; large and smooth, 50c; medium.
3.1": small. 20c.
TALLOW. No. 1 rendered. 4%e per lb; No.
2. 4c: grease. 2*40'3c.
¦ WOOL — Fall clip— San Joaquln Lambs", 9©
lie: Middle County, ll@12o; Northern Free,
ll«12c; Northern Defective, lOftllc: Humboldt
and Mendoclno. 12014c; Nevada, 13815c; Ore
gon, fine, 18®10c; Oregon, medium, 17c per lb.
HOPS-2Q@22Hc per U>.
HidesyTallow, Wool and Hops.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour was
easier; No 3 spring wheat, SO»/4@81Hc; N o . 2
red, R0@81%c; No. 2 corn, 43 &e; No. 2 yel
low 44 %c; No. 2 oats. 34c; No. 2 white. 37@
38c: No. 3 white, 35%@36Hc; No. 2 rye. 65^c;
good feeding barley, 37@t38c; fair to choice
malting. 4a@51c; No. 1 flaxseed, 90c; No. 1
Northwestern, »4c; prime timothy-seed. $2 90;
mess pork, per bbl, $11 50; lard, per 100 lbs,
$11 62%; short ribs sides (loose). )6 77V4@6 80;
dry salted shoulders (loose), $7 25@7 75; short
clear sides (loose), $7(5/7 50; whisky, basis of
high wines. $1 25; clover, contract grade,
$10 40610 60. •
La*t Thi» Last
Stations— 24 Hour*. Season. Season.
Eureka 1-6O 4.94 3.37
n*i Bluff 0.80 1.24 3.48
Eacramecto 0.36 O.f/t 1 .ert
Fan Francisco ... 0.49 0.6« 1.70
Fr«-*no 000 O.00 0.42
Independence 0.00 T. n.33
fi*n Luis Oblspo. . T. 0.02 2.00
L«» Angeles .... 0.00 0.43 0.39
8aa Diego ©•?*) o.GS 0-9*
THE COAST RECORD.
a k s s 2 i?
§ .ja |1 gl II g
ETATTONS. S 4 3 5 3 |§ ?"* %
Iff; j f
Baker 80.00 tA 62 W Rain T\
Carson 30.00 60 f.2 EW Cloudy T.
Eureka 30.20 68 60 SW Clear 1.60
Faralloa 80.20 60 6« W Cloudy .00
Freeno 80.14 74 46 NW Cloudy .'.<0
Flwtaff 80.16 64 14 NE Clear .00
Independence .29.90 74 42 EE Cloudy .00
Loa Angeles. . 8O.O« 74 4« TV Pt Cldy .00
Mt. Tamalpals.10.20 60 48 N'W Cloudy .C8
North Hod... 29.88 64 62 S Cloudy .44
J-bo»n!x 28. OS K2 46 XW Pt Cldy .00
•oJatello 29.02 M 30 E Cloudy .00
Portland 30.06 M 64 B Pt Cldy .32
Point Rerea..S0.14 r.s r.2 NW Cloudy .00
n«| Kuff *0.04 62 48 N Cloudy .83
Roseburg 30.12 IS 54 SE Clear .26
Sacramento ..80.16 C2 64 SE Cloudy .86
Bait LaJce ...SO.O4 60 S6 NW Cloudjr .00
Sa.n FTaudsco.30.22 60 66 W Cloudy .48
F L. Obi»po. .30.16 72 44 NW Cloudy Tr
San Diego ...30.04 66 64 NW Clear .00
Peattla 29. 83 66 62 SE Clear .28
Fpokane 29.98 62 40 S Cloudr T.
Tatooeh 29.84 E2 48 S Cloudy 1.2*
Walla Walla.80.02 74 48 8 Cloudy .04
Wlnnemucca .30.04 62 42 SW Cloudy .00
Turoa S9.94 84 CO E Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen rapidly alcr.r the
northern roast. The sreater portion of the
•torm has moved eastward and conditions are
favorable for clearing weather In Central and
Northern California.
Italn has fallen generally In California north
of the Tehachapi. Cloudy weather Is reported
to Southern California,
The temperature has fallen from 8 to 12 de
grees over Northern California. Oregon ajitj
Northwestern Nevada.
The following high winds are reported:
North Head. 4b miles per hour from the south;
Portland. 26 from the southwest, and Wlnne- ,
tnucca. 30 southwest.
Forecast made at Ban Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight, November 6:
Ylorthern Callforraa — Cloudy, unsettled
weather Thursday; fresh southerly winds,
cbtnging to westerly.
Southern California — Cloudy. unsettled
• weather Thursday; fresh aoutberiy winds.
Nevada — Cloudy, unsettled weather Thurs
day with light rain; fresh southerly winds.
Ban Francisco &ad vicinity — Fair Thursday,
becoming cloudy at nirht; fresh westerly wind.
>. O. McADlE, Forecast Official.
The. north continues to send down liberal
shipments of FeedstufTs, but the market shows
no weakness, and, In fact,' Middlings are 50c
higher on the Inside quotation. The showery
weather tends to weaken Hay somewhat. The
circular of Somers & Co. says;
"Shipments of Hay are still on the decrease,
the total for the week Just ended amounting to
but 1300 tons. 100 tons less than for the week
preceding. In spite of such light arrivals the
market shows but little change, the demand
being exceedingly limited. -A certain quantity
of Hay Is being shipped coastwise right along,
but for the moment the town trade is exceed?
lngly dull and all the retail dealers are com
plaining. The majority of shipments by water
still continue to be Alfalfa, so that practically
all demands for Hay must be satisfied by rail.
The shortaere of cars Is becoming moro" pro
nounced and, from what we can learn, will
continue for the. next month or so. Town ware
houses are being emptied and as soon as there
19 any increase In the demand locally we will
surely see some little excitement on the mar
ket.
"Choice Wheat Hay continues to be a rather
Bcarcn article, the shortage of cars being more
marked In the Llvermore and Holllater dis
tricts, from which two points we draw the
most of our choice grades. Alfalfa continues
to come quite plentifully and straw Is now be
ing shipped more freely."
BRAN— $20 50622 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $2C@28 per ton.
SHORT£5 — $20 50<&22 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $24@25 p«r
ton- Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26@26 60; Job
bing. $27027 50; Cocoanut Cake. $21@22; Corn
Meal, $30@31; Cracked Corn, $30 50®31 60;
Mixed FeedC $22 50@23 50; Horse Beans, $30®
40 HAY-^wheat. $14«?16 50; Wheat and Oat.
$13 50016 CO; Oat. $12 60014 50; Wild oi
111 60013 60; Barley, $11013; Stock, $10011 •
Alfalfa: $10@12 50 per ton W1 '
STRAW— 40@66c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
The markets stood about the saint all over
?he country yesterday.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 12c per lb for
heavy. 12%c for light medium. 14%c for light,
10c for extra light. 18c for sugar-cured and
19c for extra HUgar-cured; Eastern sugar-cured
Hams. 15V4c; California Hams. 14%c; Megs
Beef *11 50 per bbl; extra Mess, $12@12 50;
Fam ly. $13@1» 86: prime Mess Pork. $10; extra
clear $25; Mess. $20: Dry Salted Pork. 12% c -
Pig Port $28; Plg»' Feet, $5 25; Smoked Beef.'
15 LARl>^Tierces quoted at 7%c per lb tor
fliifeillii
Provisions.
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2*—
December, new. 79% 79% 78% 78%
May 78% 78% 78% 78'^
Corn No. 2 —
December 44% 44% 43% 43%
May 43 43% 42% 43.
July 42% 43 42% 42%
Oats No. 2 —
December 35 35% 84% 34%
May 36 36% 35% 36%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
January 12 22% 12 27% 12 22% 12 27%
May 12 30 12 32% 12 27% 12 22%
Lard, per 100 lbs —
December 6 77% 6 80 6 77% 6 80
January « 82% 6 87% 6 82% 6 85
May 6 85 6 87% 6 85 6 87%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs —
January 6 35 6 35 6 32% 6 35
May .6 37% 6 47% 6 30 6 45
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $4 60®
4 65, usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 60®4 tiO;
Oregon and Washington, $3 90© 4 20 per bbl
for Family and $3 90&4 40 for Bakers'.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3 25; Rye Meal, $3; Rice Flour,
$7- Com Meal, $3 26; extra cream do, $4; Oat
Groats, $4 60; Hominy $4@4 25; Buckwheat
Flour, $4 50®4 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Fa
rina. $4 60; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50: Rolled
Oats. bbU. $7 25@9 60; in sacks. $6 75@8 10;
Pearl Barley. $6; Split Peas, boxes, $7; Green
Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Th« following are the FeaisonsJ rainfalls to
date ac compared with ihotf of same date last
Fcacon. and rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
ri2Oth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
6 AN FRANCISCO. Nov. 4— B p. m
Weather Report.
FRUIT— Apricots, 7©S%c for Royals and 90
10c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, 4@5%c;
eun-drled, 3%@4c; Peaches, 4%®«%c; Pears,
6@10c- Nectarines, 4@5%c; Figs, white, 4@4%c
In box«s; black, 4V*c; Plums, pitted. 6<g8c per
pound.
PRUNES— 1903 crop, 2%@3c for the four
KAISINS— F. o. b. prices. Fresno, for 1903
crop: 50-lb boxes — Loose Muscatel. 2-crown,
6Vc perlb; 3-crown, 5%c; 4-erown, 6%c; Seed
less Muscatels. 4%c; do floated, 4%c; un
bleached Sultanas, 4%c; Thompson's Seedless.
5i> London Layers— 2-crown, $1 25; 3-crown,
$1 35 • 4-crown clusters, $2; 5-crown Dehesas,
$*> 50- 6-crown Imperials, $3; Malaga Loose, 2
crown. 5c per lb; do 3-crown, 5%c; Valencia
Cured 4Vic; Pacific do, 3y,c; Oriental do, 2%e.
Seeded Raisins— 16-oz. packages, fancy, gc per
lb; choice, 7%c; 12-oz. packages, fancy. 6%c;
choice 6%c: ir. bulk, fancy, 7%c; choice, 7%c.
N UTS-walnuts, No. 1 softshell. 13%c; No.
2 ll%c; No. 1 hardshell. 13c: No. 2, lie; Al
mond?, lie for Nonpareils. 10%c for I X L.
lOVic for Ne Plus Ultras and 8%c for Langue
doc: Peanuts, 6«pc for Eastern; Pecans, 11©
13c; Cocoanuts, $4 50@5; California Chestnuts,
10 HONE P Y^-Comb. new, 12@14c for white and
OSllc for amber; new water white extracted,
5%(S6c; light amber extracted. 4%©5%c; dark,
4g BEESWAX— 27(S29c per lb.
Dried FruitSjNuts, Raisins, Honey
Chicago Grain Market:
CHICAGO, Nov. 4.— News in the wheat pit
was bearish. English cables being lower, out
side markets weak and local receipts Increased.
There was a disposition throughout the day
among the local traders to sell December, one
of tbe chief Incentives to «uch action being
the decline In the price of that delivery at St.
Louis. Opening on December was a shade to
%c lower at 70%@7l>%c, and with lib
eral offerings and but a small demand the
price declined gradually. Reports of damage
to the crops- In Argentina caused a slight
rally toward the noon hour and the market
held quite steady until the last half hour,
when a eudden decline occurred on selling by
Armour, who has been a heavy seller the past
two days. December sold oft to 78%@78%c
and closed at 78%c. a loss of 1%@1%c.
Corn ruled firm the greater part of th« day,
but eased off later. December closed a shade
lower at 43%&43%c.
Oats were weak In sympathy with wheat.
December closed a shade lower at 34%ti35c.
Provisions eased off some In sympathy with
the decline In price of holding. January pork
closed 2%c lower, lard a shade lower and ribs
were off 2%@5c.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Alameda County.
Wellman Estate Company (a corporation) to
Margaret Wilson (wife of J. H.). lot on SW
corner of Market and Twenty-second streets,
W 110 by S 40, Oakland; $10.
Emma T. and E S. Hall to A. E. M. Pren
veille lot on S line of Dwlght Way. 60 W of
Telegraph avenue, thence 80 degrees 7 minutes
to left 52 for point of beginning, thence 80
degrees 7 minutes to right 2. thence. SO de
grees 7 minute* to left 45 :S. thence 9V> uegrees
63 minutes to left 2. thence 80 degrees 7 min
utes to left 45:H (as recorded). Berkeley: $1.
Samuel II. and Harriet M. Ungard to Mary
E HU.-ir. lot on N line of Rose street. 50 \V
of Mllvta W 40 by N 100. portion lot 9, block
IS. property Berkeley Villa Association. Berke
ley: $10
Gust Smedman to Peter Wallin. lot 9. block
E, Frultvale Terminal Tract. Brooklyn Town
ship quitclaim deed; $550.
Robert Stephenson to George Jr. and Mary
E. Glblln lot on SE line of High street, 2Th»
NE from NE line of street leading from said
line of High street to lands Pacific Cordage
Company thence NE 50 by SE 177:6, lot 0
and portion lot 7. map High Tract. Brooklyn
Township; gift.
Charles Thompson to Sophie Thompson, all
interest in lot on S line of San Antonio ave
nue 250 E of Twenty-first street (Willow),
B 50 by S 150. lot 13. in W % of block L.
lands adjacent to Encinal.v Alameda; gift.
4ohn and Susan de Lancy to Frederick T.
Olsen. lot on N line of Elm or Twenty-fourth
street 830 W of Telegraph avenue. W 33 by N
135 lot 35. block O. map of blocks O. P and
L. Kelsey Tract. Oakland; $10.
James P. Merritt (single) to Attred C. Read,
lot on E ltne of Chetwood street. 260 N of
Banta Rosa. N 60 by E 132, lot 12 and portion
of lot 11, block G, Stanford Tract, Oakland;
$10.
Jennie B. Hall (wife of E. M.) to Albert H.
Grosser, lot on E line of West street. 84 S of
Twenty-ninth. S 2S by E 140, being S half ot
lot 4, block D. Map of Whitcher and Brock
hurst tracts. Oakland; $10.
W. H. Martin (widower) and E. A. Heron to
H P. Bancroft, lota 2 to 9, block A; lots 1, 2».
4 to 16. block L; lots 2 to 16, block M; lots 1
to 14. block O; lots 2 to 10, block X; lots 1 to
SO block V; lots 1 to 24. block W; lots 3 to 17.
block X; lota 1 to 20. block Y. Alpine Tract.
Berkeley; $10.
J. C. and Mary E. McMulIen to William H.
Nunan, lot 40 and S half of lot 39, Mao of
Grove-atreet Line Tract, Berkeley; $10.
P. B. Elderkm to Mary A. Elderkin, lot on
E line of Pearl street. 63 N from N line of
property formerly of Clark and Carpentier.
known as Lie welling Tract. N 55 by E O8:t5.
Alameda; gift.
R, O. and Mary Gray (wife) to Vln.cenxo Ad
dlajo, lot on N line of Fourth street. 125 W
of Castro, W 25 by N 100, lot 25, block 48. Kel
lersberger's Map. Oakland; $10.
Clarence D. and Grace L. Vincent to Andrew
McFarland. lot on NW corner of Eighth and
Madison street*. W 115 by N 37:8, block 83,
same map. Oakland: $10.
Rees B. and Mary J. Thompson to Abigail V.
Graves, lot 19 and NE 5 feet of lot IS. etc..
block G, map of resubdlvlslon of blocks O and
H. Flint Tract, etc., Oakland; $10.
M. L. and Rebecca Wurts. E. O. and Isa
bella George and A. M. and Llllle Freeman to
George E. and Emma M. Burch. lot on S line
of Thirtieth street. 297.08 W of Telegraph ave
nue W 40, 8 63. E 40. N 68. block 2029. Row-
Ian Tract. Oakland: $10.
Mutual Investment Union to Craigt* Sharp,
lot on NE corner of Seventeenth and Wood
streets, N 115:7% by E 190, block 738. Board
man's Map. Oakland; $10.
Ira and Charlotte A. Vaughan tr> Caroline
Thte* «ot ra SE comer of West Eighth and
Kirkham streets. E 35:«. S 125. E 31:6. N 25.
E SO S 54:6. W 07. N 134 :«. block 533, Board
man's Map. Oakland: $10. ' .
Caroline Thles (widow) to Frank Schaaa,
same. Oakland; $.10.
Amelia U and Benjamin R. Larkln to Ed
ward Johnson, lot on SE line of Howe street,
56 SW of Amethyst. SW 30 by SE 123. lot 37.
block B. Thermal Hill (formerly How* Tract).
Joseph S. and Mary Vlllaloboa to Frank da
Rosa Plnhelro. lot on 8 line of atanley street..
Continued on Fag« Thirteen.
Eauaallto bond A Ftrry '16 00
Pperry Flotrr Co 27 50 80 0*>
Standard Electric ." WOO
Tesla Coal Co SO 00
Truckee- Electric 13 25 ..... -
Union Sugar 22 50
United Gas & Electric 34 50 .....
Morning Session.
Board—
160O Occidental IS
100 Home 100
100 Home, s CO 97ij
20O Home, b 30 1 0O
6000 Fauna 01
600 I Jon . 04
Afternoon Session.
Board—
100 Sterling . . . .' 2 7X
1W Home 97<i
100 Occidental 13
SAN FRANCISCO BOARD.
Thw following . were the sales on th« Pan
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day.
Morning Session.
750 Caledonia ..1 2i>| 100 Overman ... 2t
20<> Choiiar U flno Favage IS
lOrt C Cal * Va.l 15 j 1W Sierra Nev.. 3rt
«00 Gould A Cur 2.".] 2<x) I'nlon Con., i*
500 Overman ... 231 5UO -Yellow Jack 45
I , Afternoon Session.
1<V> Caledonia... 1 10; 10O Mexican 94
400 Chollar 13 1 lOnrt Potosi 13
3<X» Gould & C. . 23 500 Seg Belcher 0T
300 Hal* & n.. r.s 200 Sierra JJ«r.. S3
.'¦0O K»ntui-k ... 03|
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following wer» the sales on th« Paciita •
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
,100 Belcher 14 20O Overman ... 24
200 Con C & V.I 15 2OO Overman ... 23
500 Cr Point 17 2f>O Potosi 13
100 Mexican ... 94 60O Savaga IS
300 Overman .. 25 j 200 Sierra JJer.. Stt
Afternoon Session.
3W Bullion 10, 200 Mexican ... 9i
300 Caledonia 1 12% | 10O Ophlr 1 4rt
1M> Caledonia -.1 10 1<X»> Potosi 13
50O Choiiar 13 1 50«> Potost 12
1OO Con CAV.l 121,1 5C« Savage .... 1«
ino con C «• V.I 10 .v*> Seg Belcher 09
300 Crown Pt... 15 600 Seg Belch.. . OS
300 Gould ft C. 23 500 Yel Jack.... 43
100 Hale & N\ . 5*1 #
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the. sales on the Tonopah
and San Francisco Mlnfng Exchange yesterday.
Afternoon Session.
4000 Eeperanza .. 02 1 100 Mont Ton 90
100 Hannapah .. 10J 100 Ton <& 8 L. 17
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. Nov. 4 — 4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bld.Ask.
Alpha 05, 07 Julia 09 f>7
Alta (12 03 Justice 03 f4
Andes 17 l^Kentuck 03
Belcher 13 14iKeye3 Graes..l 75 1 *rt
Best A B-lch.t 40 t 45|Mexlcan 93 ns
I Bullion 00 10 Occidental ... 20 22
! Caledonia ...1 10 1 15 Ophir 1 40 1 43
1 Challenge Con 20 23, Overman .... 23 21
Choiiar 12 14'Potosi 12 13
Confidence ... 611 70| Savage 16 17
Con C ft Va.l l'> 1 15 Scorpion .... 01 0.:
Con Imperial, nrt 04 Seg Belch 07 PS
Con NY 05 07 1 Sierra Nev .. 35 S6
Crown Point. 14 1* Silver Hill .. 63 #1
Eureka Con.. — JiO St Louis .... 11 —
Exchequer ... 15 Itt' Syndicate .... — 06
Gould A Cur. 23 24 Tnion Con .. 45 4">
Hale & Norc. 59 €0 Utah 18 17
Lady Wash.. 0.1 iMjYellow Jacket 42 43
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid. Ask. I. Bld.Ask.
Esperanza ... 02 — (Ton A G TV*.. — 05
fJipsy Queen.. — T.OiTon of Nev. 6 12% 6 2.">
MacNamara . 10 14|Ton N Star.. 32 ::*
Montana Ton. 9<» — iTon Midway.. 3$ o7
Paymaster ... O."» 12 Ton & S Lak* 15
Rescue O-'t (K*. I United Ton... — 12
Ton Belmont. SO 1 2." Utopia 10 —
r & California — 2:i|
PRUNES — Continue, quiet and barely steady,
with quotations ranging from 3%c to 7c for all
crades.
APRICOTS— Firm; choice, 9%®9%c; extra
choice. 10igi0%<\ and fancy, ll@12%c.
PEACHES— Are quiet and steady. Choice,
7V« l 5"%c; extra choice, 7%@8%c, and fancy,
O^iglOlic.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market con
tinues firm on moderate supplies and a fair de
mand. Common are quoted at 4@5%c; prime,
at 5% ©6c; choice. 6 1 ,4 ( 96%c, and fancy, at 7c.
WOOL— Firm.
PETROLEUM— Firm.
COFFEE— Spot Rio. steady; No. 7 invoice,
6>4c. Mild, firm.
SUGAR— Raw. steady; refined, steady.
DRIED FRUITS.
WHEAT— Receipts, 56,600 bushels; exports,
48.000. Spot, weak; No. 2 red, 85%c elevator;
No. 2 red. 86c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern
Duluth, 90%c f. o. b. afloat. Options w«re
fairly active and weaker. Liberal offerings.
Inspired by easier cables, less war talk news
In the Far East and generous demand from
millers, were poorly absorbed. In the after
noon further weakness occurred, due to a
break at St. Louis, and final prices were fti
l%c net lower. May, 82 3-16@82%c. closed
f>2Uc; July. 79"4@70%c. closed 79>-ic; Decem
ber. 85% 086 7-1 6c, closed 82»4c.
HOPS— Steady.
' HIDES— Steady
NEW YORK. Nov. 4.— FLOUR— Receipts,
60.600 barrel*; exports, 2M74 barrels. Quiet
and barely steady.
NctV York Grain and Produce.
Feed, $1 13%(gl 16y« ; Shipping and Brewing.
$1 20@l 22%; Chevalier. $1 20@l 45 for fair to
choice.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
December, $1 13.
2 d. m. Session. ¦
December, $1 13.
OATS — Steady and unchanged at previous
quotations.
White, $1 'ZOQl 32%: Black, $1 40@l 62%;
Red, $1 20@l 25 for feed and $1 25®1 35 for
seed; Gray. $1 22%@1 27% per ctl.
CORN — Dealers reDort rather more tone to
the market, though prices remain about the
same. The demand Is a little better.
Western sacked, $1 30@l 32% for Yellow,
$1 30@l 32% for White and $1 30 for mixed;
California large. Yellow. $1 35@1 40; small
round do, $1 50® 1 60; White, $1 35@1 40 per
cental.
RYE— $1 25<j31 80 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $2 25@2 60 per ctl.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. in.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December $1 40 $1 40 $1 40 $1 40
May 1 38% 1 38% 1 3S 1 38
. 2 p. m. Session.
No sal^s. • • • 1 ¦ . - . '.
BARLEY— The sale of 250 tons of Chevalier
for shipment to Australia Is reported. It was
said some time ago that Australia would even
tually be in this market for Chevalier. Other
wise there, was no change yesterday, the mar
ket being quiet and steady.
CASH. BARLEY.
FUTURES.
California Club. $1 40@l 45; California White
Australian. ?1 50@l 55: Northern Club, $1 40
41 1 42%: Northern Blue Stem, $1 50@l 55; Ore
gon Valley, $1 40@l 45 per ctl.
WHEAT — The foreign markets were not ma
terially changed. Liverpool was, again talking
about the "monster" crop in the Argentine,
but Broomhall reported: "Our agent cablea
slight damage by hail in the province of Santa
Fe." Bradstreefs gave the world's visible
supply an Increase of 519,000 bushels.
Chicago declined H*c. St. Louis reported
the. cash situation improving.
Futures here were lower, but the cash situa
tion was unchanged.
CASH WHEAT.
Wheat and Other Grains.
\ Stock and Bond Exchange.
1 ¦ ¦'¦' •*¦¦¦*- <
! WEDNESDAY, Nov. 4—2 r. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid.Ask.1 Bid.A*k.
4s qr eoi!p...110 — I 4s qr new. . .134%13ft
4s qr reg...lll%112%|Se qr c»up..lOS' —
MISCELLANEOUS BO$DS.
Ala A W 5s. — — Do 5s — 110
Bay CPC 5s. — — Do con 5s. — lf»
I Cal C G 5s.lO4% — O W C G fts — 97%
Cal C * E g Oceanic S 5c 75 79
m A ct 5s. — 102% Om C R 6s. — 122%
! Cal-st 5i . . . — — Pae B 1m 4s — 07
' C C Wat 5s. — 100 P E Ry 5s. .106%109
! E L * P Hs.125 — P & C H 6s. — —
! P ft C H to. - 116 P A O R «s.H6% —
i Geary-st 5s.. 45 W) Powell-st 68.113% —
I H C&8 5%s.l01 — S E G4R 5s. — 101 ,
H C & S 5b. »8%100 SF A SJV5S.117 117%
Hon R T «s.103%10<1 S R of C fs.112% —
L A Elec Ss.lolV- — S P of A 6s
L A Ry 5s..mmi4 U009) 107%10S
L A L Co 6s — — (lftlO» 108%109'i
Do gtd 6s. — — S P of C 6s
Do gM 6s. 102 '4 105 Vj (1906)Sr A.102%102%
LAP lem 5s. — ltfi (l!J05)Sr B. — 103%
Mkt-st C OB..11S — (lUOfi) l«M%10«
Do 1 crnSg. — 114 <1012) 114 115
NRR of CBs — 107% SPC Ice 5s. — —
Do 5s 114%11« Do stmpd.lOfi J06%
N P C R 6s.lOG 100 S P B R 63.131 132
N C R 5s.. — 112 S V W 6s..l05TilO6Vi
N C P C 5«. — » — Doit 2dm. 9*V* 98%
N S R R Ss. — 9S Do 4s 3dm. 9ft —
O G L H 5s.lO7 — Stkn GftE Ga 95 I<i2t',
O T Co 6s.. — 118% U G A E 5s. — 105
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 41% 45 I Port Costa.. — —
Marin Co... 61 — 1 Sp V W Co. 33 39%
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. a% 4% Sac E G & R — —
Mutual EL.- 11 S F" G A E. 67 —
Oak G L4H. — — S F Gas 3 3%
Pac G lm.. — 55 Stkn O A E. 5 —
Pac L Co.'.. 55% — U G t E... — —
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F G & E. 67% G8 •
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd.320 —
BANK STOCKS.
Am Nat Bk. — 125 L P A A 16O 170
Anglo-Cal .. 92% — Mer Trust.. 230 270
Bank of Cal. — 475 Merrh Ex... — —
Cal Safe Dp. — 160 S F Nationl — —
First Nationl — — •
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L. — — ISav A L So. W 105
Hum 6 & L. — — (Sec Sav Bk.400 600
Mutual Sav. — — 1 Union T Co. — —
S F Sav Un.600 — |
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 205 IPresidlo 39 —
Geary — 80 |
POWDER.
Giant 65U — iVIgorit — 4%
Hana P Co. 45c 75c Kilauea S C. — 6
Hawaiian C. 44 — Makawell C. 22% 23
Honokaa 6 C 13 13% Onomea S C. 32 33
Hutch S P C 10 lot, Paauhau S C 15 IB
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Packl49%15l Oceanic S C. — 7
Cal Fruit As — — Pac A F A. 2% —
Cal Wine As 93 94 Pac C Borx.167 —
Mornln: Session.
Boards—
10 Alaska Packers' Assn. cash 140 50
5 Alaska Packers' Assn 149 50
20 Hawaiian Coml A Sugar 44 25
$5000 Hawaiian C & S Co 5s. cash... 99 00
$23,000 S F & S J V bonds 117 00
Street—
$3000 L A Electric Co 5s , 102 50
Afternoon Session.
Board —
5 Alaska' Packers' Assn 149 75
25 Honokaa 13 12%
25 Honokaa 13 25
20 Hutchinson S P Co 10 12%
80 Hutchinson S P Co 10 00
100 S F Gas & Electric Co 68 00
20 Trustees' Cert (8 F G & E)... «8 00
$3000 S V 6s 10* 00
$20,000 8 P Cal 1st cons 5s (stamp«d).108 20
1 Street —
$1000 S F & S J Valley bonds 117 00
$1000 S P Cal 1st con 5s (stami>ed>.106 25
CaliforniaStock andOil Exchange
Oil Stock— Bid. .Asked.
Alma .". 1 35
Apollo • 41
Associated Trust Cert 20 25
Aztec 90
California Standard 11
Caribou 1 CO 105
Central Point Con 65 es
Chicago Crude , 19 20
Claremont • 24 30
Esperanza 150 •••••
Four 60.
Fulton 4 00 .....
Giant 20
Hanford 130 00 134 00
Home » 7 H 100
Imperial 18 00
Independence 1» 19
Junction 1» 20
Kern 4 50 6 00
Kern River ..... 13 50
Lion 03 04
Monarch (of Arizona) 49 .....
Monte CrUto 82%
Occidental of, W. Va 18
Oil City Petroleum. 28 ¦,.....
Peerless •• H 00
Pittsburg 25
Re«d Crude 40
S F & McKlttrlck 2 75
San Joaquin O & D-. ..,.,,. 6 75
Senator 65 75
Sovereign _ 38 89
Sterling 2.0
Superior • W 06
Thlrty-threa , 7 60
Toltec \ 20
Twenty-eight 4 25
Weet Shore 2 90
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land & Impt 140
Alameda Sugar ' 29 ©0
American Biscuit • 95 00
American District Tel.,. -
Cal Gas 4 Electric Corp .....
Cal Cotton Mills. 88 00
Cal Jockey qiub , 105 00
Cal Shipping Co , 25 00
Cal Title Ins A- Trust ..130 00 140 00
Central Bank of Oakland..,. 60 00
Chutes Company 7 75
Cypress Lawn Impt Co,..,.. 6 60 T 23
Fischer's Theater •• 2 00 2 60
Gas Consumer*' Assn.,.,..,. ..... 22 60
Honolulu Sugar 14 50
Northern Cal Power ,.r. ©00
North Shore Railroad........ 0 00 7 ©O
Orpneum Company 15 23 19 25
Pacific Stats* Tel* T«l ..... 115 00
Parafflne Paint 83 06
San Francisco Drydock 47 00 ......
Sanitary Reduction Works... 2 60 .....
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 81%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 85
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 86
New York Exchange, sisht -*- 02%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 05
Stiver, per ounce — 60%
Mexican Dollars 46 @ 46%
Exchange and Bullion.
Stocks continued quiet, and aside from an
advance In Hawaiian Commercial to 14.4 25
there was no marked fluctuation in anything.
Th» oil stocks continued Inactive ! with Home
selling at 97%C5J1.
San Joaquln Oil and Development Company
has declared a dividend of $2 25 per share,
amounting to $225,000. payable November 12.
The Savage Mining Company has levied an
assessment of 10 cents per share, delinquent
December 8.
STOCK MARKET.
CRANBERRIES — Cape Cod, to arrive,
$11 25; Jerseys, spot, $10 75 per bbl; Coos
Bay. $2 5C®3 per box.
APPLES — 90c©$l 25 per box for fancy, 600
85c for good to choice and 25@40c for common.
PEARS— $1®1 60 per box for fancy Winter
Nellis and 50#75c for other varieties.
QUINCES — 40060c tier box.-
FIGS — 50c@$l per box.
POMEGRANATES — 75@85c for email boxes
and $1 75<@2 50 for large. y
PERSIMMONS — 75c&$l per box.
PLUMS — Cne's late red, 50@C6c per box.
GRAPES — 30Si50c for small boxes, 60®75c
for crates and 75c(&$2 for large open boxes.
NUTMEG MELONS— 50@75c per box.
CITP.US FRUITS— Valencia Oranges, $1 50@
3 50 per box; Lemons, $1©2 50 per box; Grape
Fruit. $1 5002 60; Mexican Limes, $4®4 50;
Bananas. $1 50®2 per bunch for Hawaiian and
$2 25@3 for Central American; Pineapples, $2@
2 50 cer dozen.
Aside from a fair demand for choice table
Grapes, trad* In the fruit market was quiet
during the early morntns hours, owing to th«
wet weather. Suitably packed Grapes were In
demand for shipment on the Portland steamer
and tine Tokay and Cornlchon sold for that
purpose at 75c per crate. Prices of the other
varieties ranged from 50c to 65o per crate. The
local demand for large boxes was brisk, as
retailers were stocking up. expecting that th«
rain would lessen to-.iay's receipts. Small
orchard boxes of Tokay gold at 7. r >c per box.
while large boxes of Tokay, Cornlchon and
Black Ferera were steady at $1 25.- The Mus
cat variety had the most call and cleaned up
well at $1 75@2. There were liberal receipts
of Figs from Sonoma County, most of which
came to hand late and in poor, condition,
having been exposed to the rain while in tran
sit. Prices were easier and .there was quite
a surplus unsold at the close." The other trea
fruits were without quotable change. Straw
berries and Raspberries were in ample sup
ply and cleaned up well at steady prices.
Citrus and Tropical Fruits had no change
worthy of note.
STRAWBERRIES — Longworths. $5@10 per
chest; large Berries, (2@3 for Mallndas and
f 4«iti for the other varieties.
RASPBERRIES— $4@U per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 8©0c per lb.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
BUTTER — Creamery, 2fl@30c for extras and'
26@27%c for seconds: dairy, 21<{?'25c; store But
ter, I7%@19c; cold storage, 24®2tic; Eastern,
23@25c t>er lb
CHEES15 — 12%c for the general market. 13®
13%c for select mild new and ll@12c for lower
grades; Young Americas, 13%'314c; Eastern,
15%<gl6%e; Western, 14@15c per lb.
EGGS — Ranch, 40#43c; store, nominal;
coM storage, 27%(g20c; Eastern, 2&@30c for
fresh and 25@30c for cold storage.
Prices for everything remained unchanged
yesterday. Eggs were in very fair receipt for
this tlnie of the year, hut fine ranch moved
off very well, but few dealers reporting any
slackness In the demand. Butter and Cheese
were ae previously quoted, an'l both markets
were more or lens quiet. »
Receipts were 31.700 lbs Butter. C20 cases
Kggs and 2600 lbs Cheese.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
"Discrimination is still the order of tbe
rt«y on the stock market. Many good dividend
r«y'-ng stooks hav* been almost cut in two.
end correspondingly less money bring required
to carry them, speculation is likely to be en
••ouraged thereby. Confidence it gradually re-
owing to the belief that liquidation is
nhout c>v«-r. and the satisfactory fashion In
vhich r*cent shocks have been stood is prac
tical evidence of the foundness of this belief.
The outlook, therefore, is. for a more active
«n<J stronger rr.srket except for the industrials.
These are harr.r>«-r«d by development* in Iron
snd copper tssu**. paiticularly the weakness
in ir«n and st«^l products. Outside of the*e
''¦flufnc** the situation remains hopeful and
great railroad systems continue on their
( rosperous career without interruption. Rail
road managers, however, are awaiting with
keen interest the Northfrn Fecuritieg decision
from the Supreme i.'ourt in December, and are
already reported a* feeking other methods of
merging in event of un unfavorable decision."
"Though occasional «Usturb«nc-ef. such as
the copper war and the run on St. L^uis
banking institution*, k^ep the stock market
in a £t»mewhat nervous condition, the general
tr»n«l in financial circles is toward further
iinptwem^nt. This is d<i» to th* belief that
the forced liquidating movement has about
reached ire en<l. snd that no further serious
trouble is looked for from that source. It 1r
known that important points of weakness have
been ¦• s r. •¦.-•.: hy private settlements, in
*tea<J of by forced sale* r>n ihe Stock Ex
change; and. Judging by action* in high finan
cial circles, it it apparent that much more
confidence i* now felt than for pniri* time
past. Ther* is no «1oubt that powerful Inter
ests have *ticcess»i'uHy avoided a panic by
extending aid to carry ri\«r crippled concerns.
a .Tl now that the danger points have b«»en r<>
• »*•¦-*•©<! the market is gradually settlir.K down
in normal condition*, or on a lev«>I more in
Veeping with the changes in the situation. H
Is generally admitted now that the country
murt readjust ltseif to lower price?; that
FUPP'y has overtaken demand, and that the
latter can only be revived by the ordinary and
inevitable methods of concession. This ap
plies n«t only to Wall Ftre^t but to th» whole
business world. Wall yfreet ha* Fireply sppre
b»nd*d this fact first : it has fores-»en the In
«-vttable and adjusted itself to events as usual
8lmr*t before their occurrence. It is quite
probable, therefore, that if no further strictly
Wall ttreet difficulties develop the stock mar
ket will be comparatively indifferent to bu*i
nest contraction simrly because it has been
discounted. These remarks, however, apply
cnly to standard securities. Already these
fhow a very decided tendency to cut away
from low priced and doubtful properties, anl
especially the Industrials, which during the
panic in many instances were supported at
th*- uptime of high crade stock*. The lat
, tfr have now experienced a fair recovery, ae
intimated several w«*k* ago in these advices.
r.t\<i bond* especially have been in good in
vestment demand, ecm* very considerable
amounts of good stock* end bonds having
gone into strong rxixe* during the last three
V four week* as a result of recent attractive
rrtce*.
The New York circular of H»nry Ows
Conditions in Wall Street.
Tb» exports of Wheat from S«n Francisco
t>y ««a ivrintc the month of Octoher were a*
To — Centals. Values.
Great Britain 158.700 $214,537
Hawaiian Islands l,2«0 l.«73
Tahiti 46 7*
Totals 16o.no« $216.RM
Ifl October, 1805. the exports were 4W>.*>^4
centale, valued at KV»4.424. In ihnt month
there were ten whcle nr part oart'-e* cleared
for Great Britain and two fr.r .South Africa.
Th«r» «ac only one whole cargo cleared for
Eurof>e last «nc n th. the hulk of the shipments
t« the eaai* being takrn in small quantities
&* etlffening for Barley cargo**.
Wheat Exports in October.
Stocks — Sales. Open- H'-ch. Ix>w.
Atchison 4S.O0O 6Si, 67- 67
Do pM 1 000 M14 »0 9«Ti
Baltimore & 0 26,500 763* 75 75%
Do pfd 87%
Canadian Pacific... 1.500 119^ US'* 118i«
Cent, of N Jersey 157
• Ties & Ohio 1.500 30 4 30^ SO
Chicago & Alton... 2.000 2«% 2S 2S
Do dH 700 64L 4 64 63%
Chi Gt Western 100 UVi 15^ 15H
Do B pfd 26*i
Oil & N W 1.000 166«4 165 164%
Chi Ter & Tran» 8
Do pfd 2f>0 19 1» 1*14
C •' C & St L 300 74 73 72Vi
Colorado Southern. 500 13«4 13 13
Do 1st x>fd 100 56 56 55},
Do 24 rM 435 22 > 21 V4 .22
Del & Hudson 155
Del. L & West 237
D&RG 200 19% 19% 1»^
Do pfd 67
Erie 10.000 27>,4 26% 26%
Do 1M pfd 2,100 67 «6»4 m%
Do 2d rM 400 ROtfc 49 49
Gt North pM 160
Hocking Valley ... 100 72% 72 71%
Do pfd 110 82>I 82^4 81%
Illinois Central 130%
Iowa Central 100 20 20 1914
Do pfd 34
K C Southern 18%
Do pfd 220 SI 30% 30%
lx)uis & Nash 4.100 102 100«, loo^
Manhattan L .... 200 136% 135% 135K
Met St Ry 7,100 113 HOVi ilOVi
Minn A St L 44
Missouri Pacific... 12.6O0 »2>4 91 »4 »m
M K * Texa* 200 17«4 17»J 1R%
Do rfd 400 3694 35ft 35
>J R R of M pfd 38
N Y Central 1.RO0 11»*4 116^4 11n>4
Norfolk & West... 1.000 57% 564 r -M
Do pfd 55
Ontario & West... 21.200 20% 20% 2O»4
Pennsylvania 14.500 121 Vi 120% 12O%
PCOiStL 60
Reading 9.500 46 44% 44%
Do let pfd 77
Do 2d pfd 2,400 62^4 <>2Vi 61
Rock Island 7,600 25»4 24% 24%
Do r.fd 200 60>i 68% 58
St L & Ban Fran 55
Do lBt via 80
Do 2d pfd 2.600 47 46% 46%
Pt Louis S W 13
Do pfd " 100 31 Vi 31*4 30
St. Paul 11,000 140% 138% 138%
Do pfd 172
Southern Pacific... 11,000 43% 41% 41%
Southern Railway.. 2.200 18% 17% 17%
Do pfd 1,500 75U 73% 74%
Texas A Pacific... «00 24% 23% 23Vi
T St L & Weet 100 17% 17»4 17
Do rM 25
Union Pacific 24.200 73 71% 71%
Do pfd 500 85%' 85% 86«
Wabash 500 19% 1» 10%
Do pfd.... 11.400 84% 33 33%
Wheeling * L E 14%
Wisconsin Central. 800 16% 16 15%
Wi« Central pfd... 300 85% 85 34%
Expreci Companies —
Adams 223
American 188
United States 105
Wells-Fargo 200
Miscellaneous —
Amalgamated Cop. 17.370 3fl% 8SU 88%
Am Car * Fdry... 1.500 20% 19Vi 19%
Am C A F pfd.... 200 68% 68% C5
Am Linaeed Oil 8%
Am Lin Oil pfd 26
Am Locomotive 800 14 13% 18%
Am Locomotv pfd. 300 78% 77 76
Am Smelt & Ref.. 1.800 43% 43% 43%
Am R A R pfd.... 400 88 87% 87
Am Sugar Ref 6.0C0 117 115% 115%
Anaconda Mln Co. 100 C6 66 64
Brooklyn Rap Tra. 2.500 37% 36 36%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 500 32% 30% 31%
Oolumb & H Coal 10
Consolidated Gas.. 2,800 178 176 . 174
General Electric... 1.000 15214 151 150
Internatnl Paper.: 11 :
Inteml Paper pfd.. 100 61 61 Cl
Internatnl Pump 30
Intt-rnl Pump pfd 68
National Biscuit 34%
National Lead 12
North American 74
Pacific Mail 20
People's Gas 200 84% 93% 93%
Pressed Bteel Car.. 1.100 28 27% 27%
Pressed E Car pfd 68
Pullman Pal Car.. : •. 216
Republic Steei 200 7% 7% 7%
Republic Steel pfd. 2,300 62 60 50U
Rubber Goods 100 14% 14% 14%
Rubber Goods pfd 67%
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 1.200 29% 28% 28%
V S Leather 1,200 8 7% 7%
U S Leather pfd 77
II S Rubber 9%
IT 6 Rubber pfd... 200 3$ 88 85
II S Steel 26.000 13% 12% 12%
IT S Steel pfd...... 60.100 59% S7% 57%
Western CTnion.... 800 S3% S3 83
Total cales 437,100 shares.
UNITED RAILROADS OP BAN FRANCISCO
NEW YORK. Nov. 4.— Bond transactions-
United Railroads of San ' Francisco. 5000 at
76%; 10.000 at 76%; 10,000 at 76%.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U B ref 2s reg... 107% LAN untf 4s... 98%
. Do coup 107% Manhat oon g 4S.1O2
Do 8s reg ....108% Mexican Cen 4».. 71
Do coup 106% Do 1st Itic .... 14U
Do new 4s rtg.134% Minn & St L 4i,. 07*
Do coup 134'J M K & T is OSJi i
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
In stocks this morning, with same show of
etrength, but neither lasted the day out. The
market had fallen back Into a professional
rut Jn the afternoon and prices were quite
below Monday's closing. In a few prominent
Flocks the decline reached a point, but the
whole movement was trivial and the market
Insignificant. The professionals, who had the
market to themselves, bid up prices in the
morpiiig In the hr>i>* that some outside demand
would be attracted by the engagements of
gold for Import. Their idea was that j>os
cibly buying had been strained on Monday
on ins: to the Tuesday holiday. The stocks
of the New- York corrwatlons also shot up
this morning under operations by professional
traders, who based their transactions on ex
pectations of po55lble results of yesterday's
elections. Tfce opening advance was in part
manipulated a* «at shown by the free selling
tn realize. The movement in these stocks
dated back to !ast week, when there was a
lieht accumulation based on the coming elec
tion. A batch of fairly favorable railroad
earnings had some effect in helping the open
ing advance, but the railroads were a minor,
feature in the market all day. The check
to the advance began in the United States
Steel soourities. Both the common and pre
ferred stock sagged to within a small fraction
of the rrevious low record. The bonds also
weakened sharply and lost two points on the
early advance. The cause of the weakness
and the eource of the selling were not very
rlear. but much of the selling was attributed
to London account and gave rise to some ru
mors of financial troubles in London, which
were not verified. The reported Intention of
iron manufacturer* to cut prices of pig iron
Ft ill further had a rlepressine effect in the
iron market and steel group. It is feared that
such a cut may be followed by a reduction In
the prices nf finished shapes. Current reports
of conditions in the trade were very dis
couraging and new orders were eaid to be at
the minimum.
The downward course of sterling exchange
was halted and the prtce of gold was marked
up in London. Money was reported in good
supply there, however, leaving the question
open of an advance In the bank rate to
morrow, which would be otherwise expected.
The outgo of currency from here to the interior
continues unabated, the total of $1. 100.000 be
in* made up of a *700.000 shipment to New
Orleans and MOO.noo to Chicago. This is
without allowance for the loss by the banks
to the tub-treasury since Friday of $3,466,000.
At this rate a further import of gold will be
looked to as an offset. The announcement
that one of the smaller trust companies In St.
Louis ha* decided to go into liquidation was
without effect in the early market and the
disturbed conditions en the isthmus of Panama
also seemed to be ignored. The market closed
dull and heavy-
The early evidence of firmness in the bond
market rave plae«* to a heavy tone. Total
tales. $2,525,000.
United States 3s and the old 4s declined
•-, per cent on the last call.
FOR WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 4.
Flour, qr sacks. 14.356 1 Screenings, slu. g 400
Whei»t. rtls 11.2S7' Shorts, sacks .. 80
Barley, ctls .... 77,327! Tallow, ctls.... 212
Beans, sacks... 8.458.Pelts, No...:... 30
Potatoes, sacks. 8,655 Hideo, No 43«
Bran, sacks.... 805 Raisin*, boxe*.. 8.700
Middlings, sks.. 722 Sugar, centals.. 1,050
Hay. tons 523 Leather, rolls .. 75
Straw, tons*.... ' 10 Paper, reams... 68
Hops, bales .... 281 Wine, gals 61.400
Wool, bales 67 Lime, bbln 490
Feed, sacks ... 134
OREGON.
Flour, qr. sks 852
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr. sacks.. 12,02|; Potatoes, sacks.. t«*
Wheat, centals... ¦ SOCiShorts. sacks 2.500
Bran '« cks 5 ' 79 °1.
Receipts of Produce.
CHICAGO, Nov. 4.— CATTLE— Receipts, 26.
000, including 6000 Texans; 10c to 25c lower.
Good to prime steers. *5<&5 CO: poor to me
dium, $3 40@3 80: stoekers and feeder*. $2@
4 35; cows. ?1@3 50: heifers. $2@4 75; canners,
$162 25; bulls. $2©4 10; calves. $207; Texas
fed steers. ?3#3 50; Western steers, $3@4 25.
HOGS— Receipts to-day. 23,000; to-morrow,
4000; 10015c lower. Mix^d and butchers, $4 60
<f£5 10; aood to choice heavy, $4 8O@5 10;
rough heavy, $i 30<5. r > 70; light, $4 CIK&5 16;
bulk of sales. $4 70© 4 !T.. "
SHEEP— Receipts, 30,000. Sheep and lambs.
10(8 15c lower. Goo.1 to i-boloe wethent, $3 25
<J3 75; fair to choice mixed, $2 75©3 25; West
ern sheep, $2 75<!?3 40; native lambs, $1 50<g>
6; Western lambs, $3 5005 35.
ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH. Nov. 4.— CATTLE— Receipts.
2400; 10c lower. Natives. $3 65<g4 50; cows
and heifer?. $1 25©4 50; stockers and feeders,
$2 25«3 75. *
HOGS— Receipts, 4700; 15<J20c lower. Light,
$4 R5tf5 10; medium and heavy, $4 62@5.
SHEEP — Receipts. .".00. Steady ¦ to strong.
Lambs, *5 26; wethers. $3 40; ewes, $3 25.
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS. Nov. 4. — WOOL— Steady; me
dium' grades combing and clothing. 17S?2H4c;
light fine. 156 : 17Hc: neav y fine - 12 @HV4<--; tub
washed, 20@30c.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE. Nov. 4.— Clearings, $708,315;
balance*. $7O.»43. - •
PORTLAND. Nov. 4.— Clearings, $767,653;
balances, fltft.203.
TACOMA. Nov. 4. — Clearings. $401,860; bal
ance?. $4S.467.
SPOKANE, Nov. 4.— Clearings, $409,372;
balances, $27,721.
.Northern W heat Market.
, OREGON.
PORTLAND. Or. Nov. 4. — Wheat — Walla
Walla, 71c; bl'uestem. 7Si-; valley. 78c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Wssh., Nov. 4. — Wheat — Un
changed. Bluestem, Sic; club, 77c.
CHICAGO.'
Eastern Livestock Market.
Game arrived freely and met with a slug
gish demand, and several retailers complained
that the previous high prices checked the In
quiry. Brant and Hare were quoted lower, but
all other descriptions were unchanged.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 18@20c per lb for
your;g and 14@16c for old; Geese, per pair,
$1 7M?2; Goslings, $2@2 25; Ducks, $4@5 per
dozen for old and $5@tt for young; Hens. $4 50
«?."> 50 for small and $5 50@6 60 for large:
young Rooster*, $4 60@6 60; old Roosters', $4 BO
@6; Fryer*, $4<g4 50; Broilers, $3 25@3 50 for
large and $2 75$?3 for small; Pigeons, $19
I 25 per dozen for old and $2@2 25 for Squabs.
GAME — Mallard Ducks, $4@6 per dozen;
Canvasback, $4©7: Sprig, $3@4 50; Teal, *2 50
63; Widgeon, $2®2 50; small Ducks, $1 50«f2;
Gray Geese. $:{; White . Geese, $1@2; Brant.
II 25 for small and $2 for large; English
Snipe, $3; common Snipe, $1 75; Wild Doves,
$1 25; Rabbits, $1 75 for Cottontails and $1 25
for Brush; Hare, $1 25.
The Poultry market had a steady tone finder
light receipts and a good demand, particularly
for choice young Chickens and good heavy
Hens. Fryers and young Roosters were quoted
higher and young Turkeys were firm, with
sales of large Gobblers reported at 21c per lb.
No Western came in. Dressed Turkeys were
offering in email quantities at 21@23c per lb,
but sold slowly, the live stock being preferred.
Poultry and Game.
New York Stocks weaker on the day.
Xot much change on the local Stock Exchanges.
Financial quotations about as before.
Cash Wheat unchanged, but futures lozucr.
Barter unchanged, with a sale of Chevalier for Ziustralia.
Oats steady and quiet. Corn showing rather more tone. \
Beans continue unsettled, with liberal receipts.
Showery weather continues to weaken Hay.
Feedstvffs cowing in freely from the north.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs as preciously quoted.
Provisions unchanged here and in the West.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs as previously quoted.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables in large supply.
Poultry firm and in good demand. Game sluggtsh.
Very little variation in Fresh Frv.it.
NEW YORK. Nov. 4.— The cotton market
opened strong at an advance of 11 to 17 points,
and closed firm. 20 to 35 points higher.
Neiu York Cotton Market.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
TVmsols. money. 63 8-16.1* Y Central ...rl23l»
Do acct R8 9-l« Nor & West W5T%
Anaconda 3% Do prefd W> -
Atchison 70^ Ontario & West.. 2Ui
Do prefd 93*4 Pennsylvania 62 '.4
Balto & Ohio 7S«4 Rand Mines 9*i
Canadian Pac ...122% Reading 23«i
Ches & Ohio 31*4 Do 1st preM... 40
«^hl O W 16 Do 2d prefd 32
Cht M & St P...144 Southern Ry 18%
DeBeers 20»^ Do prefd 77«4
Denver & R G.. 20H Southern Pac ... 44%
Do prefd 7014 Union Pacific .... 75U
Eri« 28%j Do pref($ S-?
Do l*t pf<1 ... 68% iU S Steel 13%
Do 2d prefd 51 Do prefd 60%
Illinois Central ..136 IWabash 20
Louis & Nash ...10414 1 Do prefd S5
Mo Kan & Tex. 17%'
Bar silver. «teady, 27%d rer ounce. Money,
8@4 per cent.
Do old *s reg..mi£ Do 2ds 7614
Do coup 111% Nt of Mex coa 4s. 76}i
Do 5s reg 101 H N Y Cen i»n Z%8. 09»i
Do coup 101 V4 N J Cen «en 5s.l31>4
Atchison gen 4s. 1 00 % Northern Pac 4s. 102^,
Do adjust 4s .. 86Ms Do 3 5 70>4
Atlantic C L 4s.. 91% Norf & W con 4s. 96%
Bait & Ohio 4s... H«T, Or S L 4s & part. 92
Do S\is 05% Penn conv 3 3 ,.js.. 9tt
Central of Ga 5s.lO4 Reading gen 4s.. 97
Do 1st inc 64 iRt L&l M con 5s.llO»i
Ches & Ohio 4»4s.lOl% St L & S F fa: 4s. S2V4
Chi & Alton ::\is. 73»£ St L S W lfts... 92>4
C B & Q n.nv 4s. 94 Seaboard A L 4s. 67 H
<• M&St P sren 4s.ll0 Southern Pac 4s. 86^
C * N W con 7s.l30 Southern Ry 5s.. 11314
C R I & P 4s... 74 Texas A Pac lsts.U6V»
Do col Bs 75 Tol St L & AV 4s. 69^
PCC&St L gen 4s. 06 Union Pacific 4s. 102 H
Chi Terminal 4s. 74% Do conv 4s ... 94
Con Tobacco 4a.. 55 US Steel 2d 5s.. 67%
Colo <£- South 4a. K6 Wabash lets . ...U3>4
Denver & R G 4e. Oft iJo deb B 5rt
Erie prior lien 4s. OSVj W & L Erie 4s.. 90
Do gen 4s 831* Wisconsin Cen 4s. SO
Ft \V * D C lKts.100 Colo Fuel 71
Hocking Val ¦P4*.106<4<
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS. ,
Adams Con 10 jLittle Chief 07 .
Allc* 14 Ontario 4 50
Breece 10 Ophlr 130
Brunswick Con.. 06 Phoenix OS
Comstock Tun .. 05>4 Potosi 15
Con Cal & Va...J 00 jsavage 15
Horn Silver 1 05 Sierra Nevada .. 31
Iron Silver 1 SO Km all Hopes ... 15
Leadvllte Con .. 02 Standard 2 00
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Monev — Westingh Com . . C5
Call loans 3iST4 Mining —
Time loans 5i&6 Adventure ?*
Bonds — Allouej: 4 l ,»
Atchison 4s 09W Amalgamated ... 3K%
Mex Cent 4s 08 Daly West 37
Railroads — Bingham 22%
Atchison 67 r "aluniet & Hecla.450
Do prefd 69% Centennial 68%
Boston & Albany.248 Copper Range ..46
Boston & Malne.170 iDomlnion Coal .. 74
Bocton L 140 Franklin 8
N T N H * II..10R Isle Royale *i%
FlU-hburg rM -.-137 Mohawk 36
Union Pacfnc ... 71 S Old Dominion ... 11 '4
Mex Central 0»i Osceola f>«Vi
Miscellaneous — Parrot 18
Amer Sugar 115U Qulncy £0
.Do prefd 119 Santa Fe Copper. 2
Dbm Iron & S.. 8 Tamarack ....... 95
Gen Electric |50 Trinity 5*4
Mass Elec IS^s United States ... 17*«
Do prefd "hi Utah 27»4
United Fruit 99 Victoria 2S
U S Steel 12% Winpna 7^
Do prefd ...... 5774 Wolverine 66
ONIONS— 50@85c per ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green Peas. £@4c per lb:
String Beans, 2@3c per 1b; Wax. 2j?2V4c; Lima
Beans, 3?£@4iic per lb: Tomatoes. 20S50c per
box; Summer Squash, 35@50c per box; Cabbage,
60c per. ctl; Carrots. 75c per sack; Cucumbers,
35@50c per box; Garlic, 4@5c per lb; Green
Peppers, 25@40c per box for Chile and 50©B0c
for Bell: Green Okra, 40@5Cc per box; Egg
Plant, 40@50c per box; Marrowfat Squash, $10
per ton: Hubbard, $12.
Vegetables arrived freely and prices of most
descriptions stood as previously quoted. Lima
Beans and Garlic were firmer under limited
supplies, and . fresh . arrivals of Green Okra
brought better prices. Choice Tomatoes -moved
more freely at slightly ilrmer rates, as dealers
expected that to-day's receipts would be light,
owing to the rain. Trash stock was abundant
and continued to drag at unsteady prices.
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river, 50@
70c per ctl; Salinas Burbanks, $1©1 30 per ctl;
Oregon Burbanks, <5O@l»5c per ctl: River Reds,
50<g€5c per ctl: Sweet Potatoes, $1 25 per ctl.
lower in London, with spot closing at £118 and
futures at £119 5s. Locally, there was also a
decline, spot closing at $25 75@26.
i Copper declined 12s 6d in London to £5S 10s
for snot and £58 2s Cd for futures, but ' re
mained quiet here at $14 for lake, $13 75 for
electrolytic and $13 50 for casting
Lead was unchanged at £11 0s in Lodon and
at $4 60 in the local market.
Spelter was steady locally at: $6, but ad
vanced 2s 6d to £21 2s 6d in London.
Iron closed at 48s Od in Glasgow and at 43s
In Midlesboro. Locally. Iron was steady. No.
1 foundry. Northern. $15 50@16; No. 2 foundry.
Northern, $14 75@15 25; No. 1 foundry. South
ern, and No. 1 foundry, Southern soft, $14 50
@14 75.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Reflnln* Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5JOc;
Powdered, 5.70c; Candy Granulated, 5.70c; Dry
Granulated, fine, 6.0Op; Pry Granulated, coarse,
5.60c; Fruit Granulated. 5.«0c: Beet Granu
lated (100-lb bags only). 5.41V;: Confectioners'
A, 6.60c: Magnolia. A. 5.20c; Extra C. 5.10c;
Golden C, 5c; "D," 4.90c; barrels. 10c more;
half barrels. 25c more; boxes. 50c more; 50-lb
bags, ' 10a more for all kinds. Tablets — Half
barrels. 0.10c; boxes, 6.35c; II. * E. Crystal
Domlnoi), 9.50a per 'lb. No orders taken for
less than seventy-five barrels or Its equivalent.
RED AND WHITK LEAD— Red Lead. 6»iJ»
7c per lb; White Lead. 6&©7c, according to
quantity.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal' Oil In bulk,
15$4c: Pearl Oil In c«*e«. 22c; Astral. 22c; Star.
22c: Extra Star. 26c; Elaine. 28c: Eocene, S5c;
deodorized Stove Gasoline, In bulk, 17c; in
cases, 23tfc! Benxlne. in bulk, 13c; In casee,
I»V'! e«-Uegree Gasoline, in bulk, 21c; in
cases. 27 Ho,
TURPENTINE — 80o per gallon In cases anj
74c In drums and Iron barrels.
6.55c; Wool Bass, 82©35e: Fleece Twln#. f V4
©8c; Cotton Fruit Bass. «%c, 6%e and 7%o for
tbe three grades; Brown Jute. tt^STVic.
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton; New Wel
lington. $8; 8eatUe, $6 50; Bryant. $8 BO; Bea
ver Hill, fS 50; Stanford. $7; Roslyn, $7; Coos
Bay. $5 BO: Greta. $7: Wallsend, $7; Rich
mond $7 SO: Cumberland. (13 In bulk and
til 25 in sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Eg*.
$14; Welsh Anthracite Egg;. $13; Welsh Lump.
911 50; Cannel, $8 50 per ton: Coke, $11 509
13 per ton In bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky
Mountain descriptions. $11 45 per 2000 lbs and
$12 SO per Ion? ten. according to brand.
OIL— Lfnseed, 49c fcr boiled afld 47c for raw
in barrels; cases. 5c more: Castor OIL In cases.
No. 1, 70c; Bakers' AA, $1 10®l 12; Locol. 44o
for boiled and 12c for raw in barrels; Lard
Oil. extra winter strained, barrels. 85c; case*.
00c; China Nut. 55@T0c per gallon; pure
Neatsfoot. in barrels. 75c: cases. 80c; Sperm,
pure. 75c; Whale Oil, natural white, 50@5oc
per gallon; Fteh Oil, In barrels. 45c; cases,
50c; Cocoanut OH. in barrels, 58c for Ceylon
and 55c for Australian. . -
NEW YORK, Nov. 4.— There was a - slifht
t&ereaa* in t&* rate of activity la trading
New York Stock Market.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOYEMBEB 5. 1903. -
LOCAL MARKETS.
BAGS— Grain Bag*. B@5Hc; San Qutntin,-
General Merchandise,
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
11
AUCTION SALES
&»
CLOSING OUT SALE
OF THE
HOFFMOND STABLE
618 ELLIS ST.. NEAR LARKIN.
THIS DVT.
THURSDAY, NOV. 5, 1903,
Commencing at 11 o'clock a. m.
On account of the closing out of this stable
I will sell ON THE PREMISES. 45 driving and
work horse?. 17 wagons and buggfea. harness,
stable and office fixtures, etc.. without reserve.
Terms cash. This is a splendid opportunity for
seekers after fine roadsters and thoroughly bro-
ken business horses.
WILLIAM G. LAYNG.
Livestock Auctioneer.
L H. BDRD, Auctioneer,
Will Sell THIS DAY, 11 A. M.,
2240 POST STREET,
THE ELEGANT FURNITURE OF
8-ROOM FLAT.THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 5. 1903.
12
HELP WAXTEP— MALE— •Contlnned.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S Emp. Offlce
429 Bush st .....642 Clay st.
500 laborers. State of Nevada $2
Board ?4 50 week Free fare
House steward and buyer, country hotel.. $~3
Clerk, country hotel, young man $50
Head waiter, hotel $50
Head cpok, ¦ $UO; second cook. $40. country
hotel... r •••
Second oysterman. restaurant, city J4O
Slaughter-house butcher, country, $30; second
cook institution, country. $40; 2 restaurant
cooks, |1<> and $12 week; laundryman. res-
taurant, ?45 board; porters, waiters, kitchen
hands, pot, dish washers, bell, elevator boys,
others » 'JiZl"
C P_ HANSEX & CO.'S Emp. Office
429 Bush st 612 Clay st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, mibs-criptlons received at
Call Branch dfflce. cor. Duncan & Church sta.
ALL sizes men's snoes. slightly damaged, half
i price. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
' GET your shoes half soled while waiting; 25c
to BOc. nat Mission ft., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
~ » HORSES AAP WABOXS.
JUST arrived from San Joaquin County, at
Golden Gate Stables, some fine driving
horses for sale. _____
WILL sell good working horse and top wagon.
Inquire comer Twelfth and Mission sts.,
Burmelster's grocery store.
HARNESS and saddles, the best for the money,
at JEPSEN BROS. CO.. Inc.. the big store.
1145-1147 Market St.. San Francisco.
SELLING out— 20 horses, SO wagons, surrles,
buggies and carts, 40 sets harness. Corner
Fifteenth and Ehotwell sts.
MUST be sold at a sacrifice; 5 goods horses. 227
Sixth st. '
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
* and gocart for sale cheap. C32 Mission st.
Largest assortmt 2-hand wagons, buckb'd. sur-
, rgy.harness. work. driving horses. 15th-Valencla
HOUSES TO LET.
i A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send for dr-
! cular. G. H. UMBSEN - CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A— HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list;
servU-e absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-259 Geary
St., on the square.
HOUSE of 6 rooms, bath, gas and large yard.
1P11 Laguna st. ; keys 1620 Laguna St.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Post st.
JIIOJLSKS I'lK.MSHKD KOIt SALS.
11-ROOM furnished house, full of roomers;
price $400. 217 Second st.
LOST AJiD KOUXD. !
LOST — On Saturday morning, in California st. i
car. between Pierce and Montgomery sts., or I
on California, near Montgomery, gold locket, j
dull llnlsh; small diamond: photograph ln-
eide. Liberal reward if returned to WOODS '
420 California st. ' I
LOST — A pass book with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the j
name of J. F. RILEY or SARAH RILEY, !
No. 176-322. The finder will please return i
to bank.
i $5 REWARD for return of Gordon setter dog; !
has broken rib that can be fe-lt by rubbing !
hand on side. L. R. LARZEI.ERE 21S !
Davis St. 1
! LOST— Tuesday night, on Powell 8 t. car. black 1
cocker sDaniel, white on breast: Oakland
; tag. Return 2207 Green st. : reward.
LOST — Sunday morning, brown hunting d<yg !
(setter — Spaniel), white on breast and whit* '
tips on feet: answers name "Tip." Return ¦
i to F. ARGENTI, 2944 Vi Mission; reward.
LOST— A pass book wlfh the Hlbernla Savings
and Lean Society of San Franc-isco In th» '
name of ELLA J. BATTEN. No. 277-1202. I
! The finder will please return to bank.
LOST — November 4, on Montgomery st. cr :
. leavenworth st. car. p»arl rlnj; Initials J 1
H. S.. June. 1902. 702 Po?t st.; reward. i
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California !
Watch Ca.«« Co.. 220 Sutter St.. r-eeds eld i
mid and silver to make new watch ca«u»s j
M12DICAL.
lilts. DR. WYETII. specialist for all femal-
complaints; Instant relief guaranteed; 30 •
years' experience; removed to 826 Post st. j
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe- »
male troubles and Irregularities: Instant re- j
lief guaranteed. lCC8Va Market «t.. opp. 5th. '
VALPEAU'S female pills: best regulating pills ;
sold; price $2 30 by express. Pasteur's j
ryrlnge and tablets; price $2 50. By express 1
only on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTH- j
ERS. wholesale druggists. Seventh and 1
Broadway. Oakland.
DR. O. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or !
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints: positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treateJ;
advice free. Office. 101S Market st.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 111S Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before anj during
cenflnement: best medical care; low fees.
; DR. and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERES;
crlginal method of treatment. 112G Market st.
! DR. ROSEN reside* 2005 Folsom St.. cor. 26th;
; ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
i DR. NG TOY KEE. .119 Powell st.. opposite
T'nlon Ffjuare; »-Il diseases cured by herbs.
MlLLl.XKKV. i
! LADIES— 200 stylish hats to select from; lease 1
i sold, must vacate February 1. 1804; save \
I money by calilrg on MME. DOPCH. 207 Post, j
! — — j— _-—_—- —_—_—, I
I SIISCKLLA.MfclUL'S KOll SALU.
! BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
1 TOt-H & WOLPMAN, 105-1&7 Fremont St.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair It with elaterlte; in rolls easy to lay:
needs no painting or coating; good over old
iron, tin or best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market St.
ID-HAM) machinery, boiler*, engines, pumpa.
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged: see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE M'CH'T CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
A — Fine suits, $7 CO: dress pants', $2 50. Orlgi-
| nal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 238 Kearny St..
I near Bush; open to 9 p. m. ; Sunday to noon.
; A— f.i 50 DKRBY.and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. SCO Kearny st.. near
Pint; open till !) p. m. Sunday to noon.
A— BUYS, cells or rent* gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
itc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear St.
TYPEWRITERS.-sIlghtly used, sold at cost;
new Underwood visible typewriter catalog
sent free. R. E. Revalk & Co., San Francisco.
TRY our men's shots at $1 and $1 50 pair;
! foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
; charges. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid.; catalog, free.
A A — SMALL wagon, $35; surrey and harness,
S35; rare chance; must sell. 1831 Eddy st.
! A VERY fine diamond heart for $210 at~wT~J. j
HESTHAL'S, 10 Sixth st.
10O.COO BRICK for sale. Inquire at California
Housewrt.ckers, NW. cor. Mission and 10th.
-8. 6 AND 10 hp. gasoline engines: 2d-hand: all
sizes: new. E. B. BECK _.CO.. 122 Market.
NEW and second hand machinery of all kinds.
KROGH MNFG. CO.. 019 Market st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
MOVING pictures, maslc lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. I'.ullard & Breck. 131 Post st.
MILES of pipe and fittings: all sizes. EU-
GENE RILEY & SONS. 109 Vallejo st.
MOVING picture film and song slides. 101)
Montgomery et
SAFES — New and second band. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st.
All bargains :camp stools and chairs ;hammock>.
I metal beds.mattre»seB.J.F.Hotter.712 Mission.
EJison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
I picture machines, films. Baclgalupl. 933 Mkt.
! GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
I all size*. J. ¦ E. DOAK. 4tt Fremont st.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
. makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
j MISCELLAMSOUS WANTs]
WANTED — Suppository machine, second-hand;
state price. Box 2015. Call offlce.
I PAY hiebeet prices for all kinds of cast-oft I
clothing; *end postal. MORRIS. S70 Foisom. |
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES. I
1141) Market St.; phone Jessie 3741. or postal, j
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and j
theatrical good*. 154 Oth St.: tel. J»ss!e 2851.
A BIG orice paid for sealskins: send postal.
2J> Stockton st. : nhnne Bush 484.
JIOMiV TO LOAX
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S46
Market st.; tel. Main 1644. Branch. 10 Third.
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL LOANS on fur-
. '• nlture, pianos or to salaried people on their .
nste: proper treatment guaranteed. ILLINOIS ,
TRUST CO./ r. 16, Phelan bid., tei. Main 704.
The prisoner you see who Is tied to the post
By the red man's keen knife will be soon made a ghost.
As to who the man Is (you'll be glad when you know It),
The detestable wretch Is The Call's Want Ad poet.
Let us hope that when Lo gets his sticker In play
He will make a good job, for there's no other way
To get rid of the scamp and this wearisome verse
That he grinds out each day— and which couldn't be worse.
THB^CALL
¦I
JOHN D. SPRECKEI.3. Proprietor. .
Aggress ciansn— _ caiisas to JOSS KcSAUGHT, Kaiagr j
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Oon-
rect You With the Department You Wish.
Publication Offlce Market and Third, S. F.
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Cts. Per Week. 75
Ct» Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Term* by Mail. Including Postage (Cash Wltn
Order) : .„ «„ I
DAII/T CALL (Diclud. Sunday). 1 year. .$3.00 |
I>A1LY CALL tinrlud. Sunday). t> mos.. 4 ; 00
DAILY CALL— By Single Month « ,S
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Year ' -••* I
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year l.W .
nrmtami Daily. ...$S.SO Per Year Extra |
FORUIGN Sut ,(!ay.. 4.15 Per Year Extra i
POSTAGE. Weekly.. 1.00 Per Year Extra I
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE ATTTHOR1ZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Sample Coi>i<*s will be forwarded when re-
quested.
Mail subscribers in ordering: <*»"*•. °' 2*Z
dress should be particular to rive both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to insy™ *
prompt and correct compliance with their re-
quest.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
111S Broadway Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY OFFICE: j
2148 Outer Street Telephone North 77. |
WASHINGTON " CORRESPONDENT: I
MORTON E. CRANE 140« G Street. >.. W. j
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS: j
Waldorf - Astoria Hotel; A. »«***?»• _ : ° X '
Ucion Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-are- j
rue Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS: J
Sherman House: P. O. News Co ¦ . Great ,
Northern Hotel: Tremont House; Auditorium i
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE
C GEORGE KROGNESS-.Marquette Builds;
fLorjg Distance Telephone. 'Central 2619. )
NFTW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN 3. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Franc-lsco
Call corner Market anl Third streets: open
unt'i 12 o'clock every nipht In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
T27 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open un- ,
til 9:30 p. m.
T.0O Hayff «reet; or«-n until 9:30 p m.
«» McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
«15 Larkin street; open until Vti.JO p. m.
1&41 Mission street; oj*n until 10 p. m.
22*1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open j
until 9 p. m.
lfii Eleventh btr#et: open until 9 p. m.
lf©G Valencia street; open until 8 1 p. «•
Northesst rorner Church ar.d Dur.can streets.
KSSrS^^-of Twenty second and;
Kentucky etreets; open until 9 p. m.
22f»< F:llmore street; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING >OT1CES.
CALLED and particular communl- r-i
cation of Yerba Butna Chapter M
of Rose Cro'.x No. 1. A. ana A. >5_J
6D of Ky. THIS (THLKt- W~
D \Y) evening. November B. 19M. ru ¦
at 8 o'clock. The eeventeenth de- Ul
gree. cr Knight of the East and Pj
Wot will be conferred In full *-»
form and ceremony by the officers ,
1 ana :l U,2^e N^eau. t^n'^id^
HENRY gCBXEg. gt.'. Secretary. j
CALIFORNIA Commar.dery No. 1. K. I
*" T.-Sir knisht $ are notified to assem- »&,
Me m the asylum THIS DA* *{ !
¦ THURSDAY > at 3:*> a. m. to at- *fi
tend the tuneral services of our o>-
fra-.er. Sir MORRIS M. ESTEE
THOMAS H. BROWXE. Commander. ;
T. L. HEJCDEBSOX. Recorder. :
APYLUM~of Golden Gate rcmmar..<.ery ,-£_ •
No. 1<;. K. T.. C25 Sutter stre«t— Offi- Vtf-
»¦€!? and meml>ers are hereby notified Kyi .
Ki asKTTh'ie i:i fu'.l uniform at the
crylum TO-DAY at 0:15 o'clock, for
t*,e iiuri*.**' «f s*tei>dla« the funeral of our .
Ut- f^t-Y. Sir MORRIS MARCH ESTEE.;
liv orde;- of Commander. j
THEO. FROLICH. Recorder. j
MlfSIOS Chapter No- ">¦ R. A. M. a ;
Mated m"t.i.K THIS .THURSDAY) "sQf !
eveninc 7:::«i o'clock. M. M. degree. />f\ '
By order <>t the H. P.
JOHN R. 1IILLMAN. Secretary. t
CALIFORNIA Lodsre No. 1. F and A.. CJ '
M — The officer* an>l numbers of the'V>r ,
abcv> rair.ed loig? are hereby re- AVA i
•u.>.-i.vi to K.-s^mUo in King Solomon's
H.,11 Masonic Temr.l'-, THIS DAT <THURS- [
I>AY ; ) November 5. at 10 o'clock, a. m.. to ;
ai'i, by your jmHii'f, the <irand Lodge In
retrains of oorlate hroh^r MORRIS MARCH
IvSTEK. Hy cr-ler nf the Master.
KRAXKLIN EL DAY. Secretary, -f
CALIFORNIA Lo-lge No. 1, F and A. j» •
M.. •rill meet THIS (THURSDAY) **/V
EVEXINO. November 5, at 7:3u/V>
<jV|f-rk. r^taf-d rr.eetins. By order of
the Master.
KKANKLIN II. DAY. Secretary.
nOKUTt L-xige No. 120, F and A. M. O
Ftate.l meeUxur THIS (THURSDAY) VV
KVENIXC at 7:H0 o'clock. Third de- /V\
*rr<-«- Ma.-ter Mason? cordially invited.
I5y order of the W M.
ITti:M:KICK HARRY. Secretary.
' SOUTH .-=an Francisco Lodge No. 212. «
F. nn-i A. M.— The officers and roem-'vV*'
bers of the above named lodge are/^r\
hereby notified t» attend the funeral
of our late brother, BENJAMIN ETHEL
TAYLOR, on FRIDAY'. November 6. at 1
O'clock p. m.. from the hall of the lodge.
Fourteenth ami Ra;:r<iad avenue. By order
of the Master. K. C. HARE. Secretary.
DORIC Lodge No. 210 F. and A 1L «
.Stated meeting THIS .THURSDAY') % *A/ >
EVENING at 7:::0 o'clock. By order AA
of the Master. J. R. GOLDSMITH, Sec. Zr ¦'.-. \
BTARK KING Lodge No. 344, FTVnd m
A. ?J.. 317 DevisadTo Ktrvet — .Stait-rl •\0K*
meeting THIS EVENING at 7 3u^A
o'clock. By order of the W M -
; A. A. ANDERSON. Secretary.
TERBA BUENA Lodge No~15
I. O. O. F. — Initiaiion THIS-*^_<^_'fr.
(THURSDAY) EVENING Xo-i&ZSSSSk
vember 5 Visiting brother* cor- ""^Wti*^'
dlally invited. By ordrr -nw
CHAKLE. A. Xvfegygg&j^*
APOLLO Lodge No. 123. I. O O. ,»*—« ¦.
Pw—i Members please assemble s t MjH-.
Odd FellouV Hall, corner Seventh t tiMs33*2&!9
end Market streets, promptly at '^tfciwVKS*'*
8:30 o'clock THIS (THURSDAY) HORN.
IN',. November B. 19OS. to attend the funeral
wrvjoe of our late brother. HOX M M.
KSTEE. P. G. It., 10 o'clock e.. m. sharp.
Proceed in a body to Masonic Temple. Seats
reserved for lodge. R. B. IX)WNIE N G
W. F. NOKCKOSS. Recording Secretary!
PACIFIC Lnfige No. 155, I. O. O. Z^ZIT'
K. — Initiation and Flrrt degree -j^iia'liul'fc.
THIS (THURSDAY) EVEN ING. %X£_£S&<
Lodge will be culled to order at " s **5t?K^"
7:30 Bharf>.
THORNTON THOMPSON, N G.
J. S. MKK. Recording Secretary.
NOTICE of meeting of stockholders-^-Offlce of
Spring Valley Water Company, room 3. sixth
floor. 120 Stockton street, San Krancisco
Cal.. September 13. 19O3 — To the stock-
holders of the Spring Valley Water Com-
pany: Notice is hereby given tti&t, pur-
suant to a resolution of the Board of Direct-
or* of the Spring \ alley Water Company a
corporation, unanimously adopud on the 15th
day of September. 1UU3. at a meeting of
taid board, duly called and h«ld at tbe
flf.ee of said company in the city and county
of San Francisco. State of Calilornla a
meeting of the stockholders of K aid corpora-
tion will be held at the office and principal
• pls.ee of business of said corporation to-
wit, in room three, eixth floor. In the build-
ing on the ruutheatt corner of Geary and
Stockton streets. In the city and county of
Can Francisco. State of California, known
¦s No. 126 Stockton street, said building
being the building where the Board of Di-
rector* of said usually meets
and said room being the room In eald build-
ing where the directors and stockholders of
eald corporation usually meet, on Monday
tbe 23d day of November, 11XK. at 2 o'clock
p. m.. for the object and purpose of then
and there concidering and voting upon a
propotal to create a bonded Indebtedness or
*aid Spring Valley Water Comtany | a the
«um of twenty-cirht million <{2S,000,000 00) '
dollars, payable December 1, 1923 with In-
terest thereon at the rate of 4' per cent
p«r annum, payable seml-annually. and prin-
cipal and interest payable In eold coin of
the United States of America of the present
standard of weight and nneness; iod to
secure the bonded Indebtedness, -o proposed
to be created, by a mortgage ut*»i or deed
of trust of all the property of said corpora-
tion now owned or which It may hereafter
acquire and during the life or term of caid
mortgase or deed of trust. By order of
tbe Board of Directors. l
% PELHAM W. AMES.
Eecretsry of the Spring Valley Water Com-
pany.
STOCKHOLDERS* meeting — The annual meet-
ing of the Union Ice Company will be held
at'tbe office of the company. 324 Pine st
Ban Francisco, on WEDNESDAY, Nov. 18.
19(J3, at 3:15 p. in., for the purpose of elect-
ins a board of directors to serve for the
.eneulnr year and for the transaction of such
other business ts may come before the
meeting. C. K. MEXROSE, Secretary.
November 4, 1903.
BSl^—^1 i.i ¦ 1 A ¦¦ irtm j
MfafiTIXQ JfOTICES — Contlnned.
TO the officers and members of the TT
Riggers' and Stevedores' Union Lo- iM
cal 222 of the I. L. M. & T. Asso- J*S
elation — You are hereby notified to -4BO| I
attend a special meeting of this \Sj2r
union to be held at our hall. «03 sJjjSi&j
Front *t.. TO-NIGHT (THURS- "
DAY). November 6, at 8 o'clock. Business
of great importance to come before the meet-
Ing. By order of
THOMAS F. BRYANT, President.
HENRY JEND. Rec. Sec.
ANNUAL Meeting.— Notice is hereby given
that the thirteenth annual meeting of
the stockholders of the San Francisco Home
Mutual Loan Association will be held at the
offlce of the Corporation, No. 518 Montgom-
ery st.. San Francleco. WEDNESDAY. Nov.
11, 1903, at 3 o'clock p. m.. for the purpose
of electing directors for the ensuing year,
presentation of the thirteenth annual report
and the transaction of such business as may
come before the meeting. Books are now
open for 10CO shares of stock of the four-
teenth series. By order of the Board of Di-
rectors. A. SBARBORO, Secretary.
AGENTS WAXTED.
AGENTS — An agency for a proposition that Is
a decided Improvement on building and loan
is worth having. Great Western Improve-
ment Company. Parrott bldg.
AVIO U.N fcl V S-.VT-LAW.
ADVICE FREE.
OLD ESTABLISHED.
COLUMBIAN LAW & COLLECTION AGENCY
Able attorneys. Rm. 85. 9le Market, opposite
Emporium. Bad tenants ejected speedily and
reasonably. Collections, no matter how small,
attended to; attachments; bonds furnished; cor-
porations organized; civil and criminal practice.
Tel. John 622tf. Open evenings by appointment.
We eollcit an interview with you.
THE LEGAL ADVISORY. Inc.
Practice in Federal and all State courts.
Attachments, divorce, mining, bankruptcy,
prosecutions, adjustments, corporations, pat-
ents, estates, probate.
Experienced and Reliable Attorneys Engaged.
Advice guaranteed. Correspondence solicited.
611. 511A. 511B Crcssley Bldg. Tel John £928.
N. E. Cor. New Montgomery and Mission Sts.
ADVICE FREE. ESTABLISHED 22 YEARS.
Divorces a Specialty. Private. Quick.
NO PAY UNLESS SUCCESSFUL.
G. W. HOWE. Atfy-at-Law.
1122 Market St., between Mason and Taylor.
Nearly opposite "Hale's" Dry Goods Store.
ROBT. W. KING, atty-at-law. Examiner bid.,
rcom ttll; all cases, damages, estates, wills,
attachments, collections, etc., consultation
free; no advance charges; call or write;
evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
ADVICE fre* — I will advance cost In meritori-
ous catfs. divorces, probate and all other law
cases; no fees in advance; open every even-
ing. J. M. THURSTON. S19 Market St.. r. 31.
ADVICE free — I will advance costs In all cases
of merit; no advance charges, no fee. unless
successful. E. J. BANKS, Examiner build-
ing, third floor. I
DIVORCE costs $12; open evenings; tenants
ejected, $5. 910 Market, r. 52. phone Black tS51.
A. M. EWING— Attorney-at-law. Room 612,
Parrott building; phone South G55.
'DIVORCE — Ccjts. $12; qui«'k. quiet; open even-
ings. !>27 Market St., room 301.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket ft. : consultation free; no feen in advance.
AITKEN & AITKEN, attorneys, rs. ."509-10-11
Clunie^b'.dg.. 503 Ca'ifornia et. ; tel. Main 727.
N. TEMPLE, atty-at-law. 03 Chronicle bldg.;
commissioner for oaths. England and IrelanJ.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful; all
law business. W. W.' Davidson. 927 Market.
BICYCLES — For Sale or Exchange.
FOR sale — Low bicycle for boy; $7. 155 Te-
hama st.
IIUSIXESS CI1AXCES.
FOK tale — Furniture, carpets and good will of
a nev.- brick apartment-house of 175 rooms,
in the city's swellest locality; partly tur-
nished, and although Just opened Is over half
tilkd with rt-feular tenants already; Ions
lease; if you want an apartment-house don't
fail to get particulars of this at rooms 1401
and 1408, Call building.
ALUMINUM— The metal of the future; a new j
process for its production discovered by which 1
the company now forming will control the
markets of the world; we are offering a small
allotment of stock at public subscription;
send for prospectus and particulars: the
cpiK-rtmilty of a lifetime.!. MAYER & SON,
4K» Mermod & Jaccard bldg., St. Louis, Mo.
FOR sale — Cheap; grocery store, fixtures, safe,
etc.; formerly owned by Fltzpatrick & Ward;
well stocked; old-established business: good
ccj/ortunity; southwest corner of 24th and
Shctwell sts. Apply D. A. CURTIN. room I
third floor Mills building. |
FOR sale — A good grocery business, centnlly
located: stock about S7000. For further par-
ticulars apply to J. J. SCHUTZ. care Haas
Brother*. 1C0 California St., San Francisco.
PARTNER with three hundred dollars to~eri~
gage In practical show enterprise. Address
box 2CSS. Ca!l offlce.
$750 — DELICACY etore: pelect rooming dlc-
trict; 2 living rooms; owner called away.
Box 7«O. Call offlce.
BAKERY for 7ale at 1550 Church St.; good
busines-s; all store trade; owner going East.
FOR sale— A restaurant; on account of sick-
ness. r.2 Elirhth st.
FRUIT store for sale. 1315 Stockton.
FOR rale— Restaurant and oyster liouse. 108
Seventh St.; coing In another business.
WANTED — A person with $1000 to start an en-
terprlfe. W. B. Eastln. 26 Montgomery st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A ROOMING-HOUi-E snap: 18 rooms in a fine
location; Just furnished new; If you take It
quick the price will be only $1950; don't
overlook this offer: there's nothing In town
to beat it. Apply H. S. RANSON. 057 Mar-
ket st.
LEASE and household furniture of eight-
roomed apartment in centrally located apart-
rnent house; price (1500. Box 2019, Call.
GOOD 'hance— $250; furniture of 8 rooms,
boarding and lodging house; all full. 1031
McAllister.
: DOWNTOWN furnished house of 9 rooms for
,«a)e <-h*-ap. Inquire f>P8 Geary st.
| BENEFIT seance for Mrs. S. E. Cook, to de-
fray expenses, by C. V. Miller. 10S4 Bush
st.; admission $1, Thursday, Now 5, at 8
!•¦ m.
PROF. Fred P. Evans, noted psychic for slate-
; writing; and clairvoyance: ttaicp for circular
: 1112 Eddy St.. nr. Octavia: phone Scott 887!
! MRS. CONXOLL, 148 Sixth st.; circle every
_nfght; tests to all, 10c; readings dally.
; MRS. EBERHARDTS spiritual test meeting
to-night. H o'clock sharp: 10c. 3250 22nd st.
: REV. E. R. DAVIS, circle 8 p. m. : double
tests; also lecture; God revealed. 34 Sixth st.
EDWARD EAULE, 1052 El!!s. readings daTly^
«V3Q *n 4: rean^e* Pundav and Thursday.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MY Regular $3 Readings This Week for
$1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever In San Francisco.
I do hereby eolemnly agree and guarantee
to make no charge if I fail to tell you your
name, occupation and what you called for;
I promise to tell you whether husband, wile
or ewec-theart Is true or false; I tell you
whom and when you will marry; In fact, I
will tell you «<very hope, ff-ar or ambition
better than you can tell yourself; I Improve
yo.ur character so that you will reach the
highest jMMslble development In mental' vigor,
health. happiness and capacity to earn
wealth: so you will live happy and contented
the rest of our life. Hours 10 a. m. to 8
p. m.; Sundays, 2 to 8.. 320 O'Farrell St., 320.
MME M. BERNARD, THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
_ nently located at 17 Third «t., next Examiner
bldg.; «he reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and • portrays events to
occur In the future; If you are In trouble,
discontented or not satisfied In life, or have
domestic love or business troubles, consult
this great medium and you will be told how
to overcome them: valuable advice In all af-
fairs- of life; 25c up; satisfaction guaran-
teed; readings by mall. Tel. Black 4569.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
«., cor. Turk; private readings dally, 10 a.
m. to ft p. m. ; readings by mall as satisfac-
tory a« In person: H questions answered, $1;
full life. $5; send lock of hair, date and year
of birth: don't send currency. Send postotflce,
Weils-Fargo money order or registered letter.
A— MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
ond sijjht; tells the past, present and future;
ladies. 50c; gents. $1; by cards, palmistry
and clairvoyant sitting; $1 50. 120 Turk st.J
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given; 25c up. 6 4th st.. near Market.
TEST medium, clairvoyant, card readtr: names
given; 25c end 60c. 10OS Harrison St.. nr. eth.
MME. ZEREDA, medium and card leader; la-
dies 25c. gents 50c. 28 7th st.. r. 6; no algn.
MME. MARSEAU — Clairvoyant, card reader;
ladles 25c. gents 50c; hrs.. 1 to 9. 545 Minna.
MME. LAMAR. wonderful palmist; card read-
er; 25c. 60c. 520 Jones st.; hours 1-9 p. m.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
• 26i$ Kearay, room 20; ladies 25c; gents 00c
FLATS TO LET.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an immense list;
service absolutely free: take advantage of
this department: it will eave you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-259 Geary
St.. on the square.
A NEARLY new 6- room sunny corner flat;
basement; first-class In every respect. 3945
Seventeenth st., near Market; Castro and
Eighteenth-street cars. .
JUNIPER, 33, eft Folsom st., near Ninth—
5 iocibs and bath; a fine flat cheap.
PERRY, 263 — Rear flat. 4 rooms; rent' $11.
SACRAMENTO. 1365 — Bay-window flat; three
rooms; gas; rent $12 50.
AN elegant upper flat (2 floors); sun all day;
desirable location. 719 Hyde stu
ELLIS. 810. nr. Polk— For business purposes; 3
rms.; all 'conveniences; electric light, power.
FLATS TO LET — Pt'KXISHKU.
5- ROOM furnisheiTnew upper flat to let; new
furniture; bath; hot and cold water; modern;
for gentlemen. 221 Taylor st.
ELEGANTLY furnished S-room modern flat to
rent or sell; reasonable. 2307 Van Ness ave.
FLAT. 3 furnished rooms and bath, for house-
keeping. 1717 Webslor st.: $22 50; no children.
POLK. 1402— Upper sunny flat; bath and gas
frf-f. r<*nt reasonable. *
FLATS FOR SALE — FliRXISHED.
FLAT of 6 newly furnished rooms; cause, de-
parture; rent $22 50. 315 Gough st.
FLATS WAXTED.
WANTED — Unfurnished flat: near Golden Gate
Park; 5 rms.; mod.; rent $35. Box 2910, Call.
FACIAL MASSAOZ.
A — WRINKLES removed; fine complexion guar-
anteed, new method: 50e. M. LUTON. manl-
curlng parlors. 7«4 Larkln st. : phone Polk 17.
? F1XAXCIAL.
FOR sale — Few thousand treasury stock large
corporation: pay 15 pr cent div. Box 792. Call.
FtltXlTUKK WANTED.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 44C2.
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
HIGHEST price for furniture and mdse. L. H.
BURD. auctloneer,1818 Mkt. ;tel.Howard 2750.
HEL1* WAXTED— FEMALE.
WANTED — Cook, San Jose, $35; 3 ccoks. $30,
&'>5, no washing; 2 cooks, small boarding-
houses. $25, $30; parlor maid, $3G; '•> second
girls, $20, $25, $:J0; housework, San Mateo,
$30; 2 nurse girls, $20, $23; housework, city,
$30; chamber work, private family, $20; 2
chambermaids, rooming-house, $30; restau-
rant cook, $30; 2 chambermaids, wait one
meal, $25; restaurant waitress. $8 week, and>
44 house girls, city and country, $20, $25,
$30. Apply to J. F. CRO6ETT & CO.. 334
Sutter tt. *
A WORKING housekeeper for very light place
In country; eee party here. MISS PLUNK-
ETT. 425 Sutter st.. near Powell.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for fall season;
both seasons taught from start to finish in 1
month for $10; positions as trimmers, sales-
ladies, etc., guaranteed at $10 per week up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton St.. r. 13.
*A — WANTED — Girls to learn halrdresslng,
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
In 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill Immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up: leading . school In
; West. 233 Geary st., room 13.
A— LADIES to learn all branches hairdresslng
trade; manicuring, massage, etc., 1236 Mar-
ket ft., cor, Jones, room 94; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve. class; call.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
KTERS: NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S
FACTORIES. 32»4 FREMONT ST. AND 1873
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
LADIES wanted everywhere, copying letters
at home, evenings or spare time, and return
to us; no mailing or canvassing; $9 weekly
rarned: materials free. Enclose .self-ad-
dressed envelope for particulars. Guarantee
Co., No. W. 4, Ninth St., Philadelphia, Pa.
FIRST-CLASS makers wanted for an all-year-
round position; salary no object to right par-
N ties. MARIE L. SWEENEY. 121 Post St.,
room 29.
CASHIER for restaurant: experience required.
Call U a. m. to 12 m.. Restaurant Keepers'
Association, 0 Eddy St., room 46.
A STENOGRAPHER and office clerk, compe-
tent and experienced. Apply 638 Parrott
bulldlnc-
WOMAN for housework; no children. 677 San
Jose ave., between Twenty-eighth and Twen-
ty-ninth sts. •
GOOD dressmaker for country; wages $30
month, board and rocm. Apply 636 Fell
nt.. between 9 and 12. '
A LADY of Indomitable energy to make money
and a convincing talker. F. 1 PERSON, 477
and 47S Parrott buildlnr.
FIRST-CLAFS finishers on coats; wages $10
up. 11C3 Market st.
NEAT Protestant girl; housework, plain cook;
large wash out; family 2; $20. 2224 Jackson.
TRUSTWORTHY woman to take up a business
out of the city. Box 2«l2, Call office.
WANTED — Girl to work In bakery; cone pre-
pared to work. 336, Third st.
A NEAT girl, experienced cook; light wash-
ing; good wages. 1180 O'Farrell st. ,
GIRL— General housework; may sleep home If
desired. 1C53 Market st. ; upstairs.
WANTED — Good hands for dressmaking. 813
Folk st. •
GIRL to assist in general housework. 417
Hayes st.
EXPERIENCED arm waitress; good pay. EF--
F1E EVANS please apply. 631_Clay st.
STRONG young girl to assist In housework.
JtitfS Harrison st.
GIRL for candy store; no experience necessary.
417 Fourth st. ¦
GIRL wanted as cook; family of six. 1707 Oc-
tavia st., bet. Pine and Bush.
CIGARETTE makers wanted; learners taken;
steady work; good wages. The John Bollman
Co.. corner Front and Pacific ste.
GIRLS about 15 for factory work: good wages.
Apply at once. AMES & HARRIS. 100 Sac-
ramento st.
GOOD girl general housework; adults; good
wages. , 2115 Broderick st. .,
GERMAN or Scandinavian girl wanted for
general housework. Call at 1818 Green et.
SECOND girl for Sonoma; $20. 2210 Central
ave. ; car fare paid. '
IMPROVERS and - apprentice at -. fine dress-
making; good pay while learning. J. MON-
AHAN. 411 Mason st.
COAT' and . sleeve hands: also operator and
stock girl. MULRONEY. 110 Geary ft. -.
FIRST CLASS stenographers furnished. Miss
M. G. Barrett. Instructor, ¦ 302 Montgomery:
ADVERTISEMENTS subscriptions received at
Call Branch offlce. . cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH offlce for Cah advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. - . - » ".-.-¦- . -
; HELP WAXTED— MALE. .
WANTED— For U. 8. Marine * Corps, able-
¦ bodied unmarried men, between 21 ; and 39 ;
good character; must speak, read and write
, English; marines serve at sea. on men-of-
war In all parts of the world,- on land in our
Island possessions, and ' at naval stations In
the United States. Apply at : recruiting of-
fice, 40 ; Ellis \ st.. ¦ , San Francisco. Cal.. v and
401 K Et., ; Sacramento. Cal. .
TRY ¦ our .men's ' shoes,-; union made, at $1 and
• $150 pair;: foot-form shoes at $2 50;. we pay
express or mail chigs. 11 iid St., Exam. bid.
aX^SiermaSTmurphy.
601-C02-e03 Examiner bulldln*.
Quick settlements; no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust.
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
Eee HERMAN MURPHY.
ADVANCES on furniture and pianos without
removal; to permanent salaried people on
their note without security or knowledge of
employer; lowest rates; no commission. NA-
TIONAL CREDIT CO.. CS and 6'J Donoho*
building. 1170 Market st.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-housei. without
security: easy payments; largest business in
46 principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrott bldj.
A — 1 per cent en furniture or piano: no remov-
al, no commission, no publicity ;$25 up: quick,
private, confidential. 26 Montgomery, ran. 7.
M. JACOBSEN & CO., room '621, Emma Sprec»-
els Building, loans mosey on real estate ar.j
ail other securities; confidential; low rates.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave..
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
MONEY to loan on low interest: gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
TO salaried peopla without security; on furni-
ture; Indorsed notes and other security. S. V.
Discount Agency, 143 Phelan building.
: YOU can borrow more money on your furniture
than any other place In city; no commission.
612 Parrott building; chone South 663.
OPEN Credit Ass'n. loans on salaries conflden-
t tally; new, simple plan. Room 50. 819 Market.
ON personal and real property. E. W. LICK.
10C3 Mutual Savings Bank bldg.. 70S Market.
MONEY loaned to salaried employes. O. W.
MILLER, room 74. 5th floor. Chronicle bldg.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal, j
V. TREMAIN, room 81, fl Eddy St., floor «.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 638 Kearny.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R.311. Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndorser. MORELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
MUSICAL IXSTIIUMESTS.
ALL uprights on our bargain slate to-day —
Collard. $35. Filsher. $50; Sherman A Hyd».
$1GO; Weber. $t;5: Kim ball. $113; Mansfield St
Notni. $125; Haynes. $150; American. $163;
Chickerlng, $1C7; Emerson. $172; Miller,
$175; 2 Stelnways. large and small size, %l»i
and $290: Heine, large style, slightly used.
$323. Rents $2 up. apply on purchase; in-
stallments $4 up. HEINE PIANO CO., 233-
237 Geary st. ; Oakland branch, Fifteenth and
Broadway, eld P. O. Bldg. Largest exclu-
sive wholesale and retail dealers of the West.
THIS AD IS OUR GREATEST EXPENSE.
We pay no rent, as we own the building.
The onlv reason we advertise Is to let you.
know we rent the best piano In the city for * .;
p*r menth. Now we can sell you one Just the
same. Our expenses are so very much lesa
than other firms, why not lnYeatlgate our prices
and compare notes? Invest 5c carfare and save
from $75 to $150 on a piano. . SCOTT-CURTAZ
PIANO CO.. 3eO-C2-64 Hayes St.
WE do not advise the purchase of cheap pianos.
aa they are seldom satisfactory, but we havs
pianos at a medium price that can be guar-
anteed to please the most critical. Our best
sellers are th? Behr Brcs.. Baumetster and
Schubert. THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUBIO
CO., 7K> Market «t.
A FINK lot of second-hand uprights from t^O
up. Including such makes as Chlckering,
Vose, Krotser, Curtaz, Kirkham. Pease.
Ilardrnan. Marshall & Wendell. Iia.ua ar ?-,
others. IiENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 18 O-Far-
rell it. No branches in Fan Francisco.
BAND Instruments; F. Besson. Paris, maker:
Gun Maiwald. As*. Par. Coa.««t. 278 O'Farrell;
skillful repairing: 2d-hand Instruments sold.
BEAUTIFUL 3-ped&l Stelnway upright piano;
perfect order; sacrifice. Keeffe's.2S3 O'Farrell.
A RARE chanre; a Hornung Bros." upright;
little used: inunt be sold. 21*S McAllister si.
RARE chance; cash or payments; elegaot high
grade upright. IS McAllister it.
Unredeemed storage pianos and furniture dirt
cheap. Whitehtad's Storage, 1638 Market st.
SOI— CER, B?- run Mauzy pianos. Cecillan piano
player. F.YP.ON JIAUZY, .';0S-312 Post st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MT.'LLKR. rrr.ker. repairer. 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST and best In America — Tho Weekly
CaU. 16 page?. «ent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for >1.
QKnt'£.<* A.M> V1OKK> TO LET.
FOR RENT — A good location for hardware
and plumbing; store Is fitted up with sbelvtn^
for hardware, with flat upstairs of 8 rooms
and tath. 1S27-9 Union st.
STORE with larr« ba.*eroent; below Kearny
st.: rent $30. Apply 636 Clay St.. room 1.
PERSOXALS.
ATTENTION. LADIES —
To see Is to believe; go and see the exhibi-
tion at the Union Drug Store, cor. O'Farrell
and Stockton us. ; a I! via? model with the
wrinkles and bagginess removed from one
clde of the face a year ago by M. ELLA
HARRIS af 7S1 O'Farrell at.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves its gn>wth.stops falling, cures dandruft
and ltchisg scalp; no stain or stickiness .->(
cleanses scalp;at druggists', hairdressers'; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 1338 Polk.
NOT bow cheap but how good is the motto of
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard the sewing-machine of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, agent. 1021 Market St.
PHYSICIAN. 13 years' experience, cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
address Central Pharmacy. 231 Grant ave..
corner Sutter st. ; fee moderate.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews, 709 Fifth St.. Oakland.
ELEGANT suits on easy Installments; SO cent*
and up per week. LEON LEMO9. 1127
Market St.. bet. Seventh and Eighth.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
day evgs.. Teutonla Hall. Howard St.. nr.
Oth; Prof. Foster: society dancing taught.
LIQUOR habit cured. We guarantee to cura
the liquor habit In 2 days or no charges.
Acme Liquor Cure Co.. 997 Market, r. 202.
LESSONS given In manicuring: terms reason-
able. MME. H. EASTWOOD, room 702. Alto
bldg.. cor. Bu«h and Kearny: ent. on Bush.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drugs dis-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co..
18.59 Polk St.; consultation free;call or write.
REMOVAL— DR. W. C. STP.ATTON has re-
moved his offW from 2255 Mission St. to
rooms 573 and 074 Parrott bldg (Emporium*.
Prof Morris, hot porcelain tub baths, steam,
alcohol; ladles, gents: attendants; hand rub-
bing treatment. 406 Geary, nr. Mason, h. 9-9.
; AT less than cost uncalled for sutts. overcoats
and troufers at' CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
ANDERSON — Elegafft theatrical and masquer-
ade costumes rented. 20 O'Farrell at.
SUITS to order en installments. $1 P«^, w f« 1 '-
Xeuhaus & Co.. merch. tailors. 727- .29 Marker
SUPERFLUOUjThalr & moles removed by _eC^jf
trie needle. Dr. & Mrs. Traverse. 11.0 Market. V
: THE best place to buy mocA "f^""" °T
have them covered or repaired la 120 Stockton
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pan , tS r»?^,^'
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
MASQUERADE costume*. plfT books, wljs.
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 7o3 M«t.
ALFREDTJM'S Egyptian H«nna restores gray
hair to Its natural color: $1: at all druggists'.
KnnrrTnnti* hair and moles removed with elec-
trie needle Mrt A Miss Eaton. 1119 Sutter.
~ PALMISTRY.
¦\rAti-- nrV\S Scientific palmist and astrolo-
Vifi Palm readings %Xi 3 QUESTIONS
FREE Open Tuesday ev. also. 139 Post St.
tt TFROME FOSELLI.. scientific palmist. 311
Tavior st.. near Geary. Phone Black 561.
IMI'BKHASGIXG. PAMTISG. ETC.
ROOMS papered. S3 30 up: tinting, painting.
Hartmar. Paint Co.. 319 3d St. : tel. Main 413.
Vhysioiaxs a>d m'rueoxs.
DK~~C. C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence.
lCCm Market st.. bet. t'th and 7th: particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073^ Markat st.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM herb doctor,
treats all diseases of th« human body: for
past four years at 115-117 Mason: now lo-
cated it 6^7 Geary st.. near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHT. successor to Dr. LI P-v
Tal. herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
DR. H. C. WONO. 710 Poet St.: all disease*
cured by Chinese herbs; consultation f ree. I
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor" — All d!^
eases cured by Chinese herbs, 746-8 Clay st.
JtEAVIXG MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES
NEW HOME sewing machine; this week «o:y;
$10. $15. $20: slightly used: needles 20e 4o*.
NEW HOME S. M. CO.. 1C51 Market «.
gjgLP WASTED- -MALE— Continued.
A— MURRAY & READY,. 634-636 Clay St.
Phone Main 5S4S.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
!$ ( £J V ' e Gave 1003 We>11 Glv «
45.CO0 Men Work. 60,000 Men Work.
ARIZONA
OREGON. ~~~* ilA NA "~ NEVADA.
bouthern Pacific and Santa Fe systems: free
pass
On Every Train.
Section hands, muckers, drillers, extra gangs,
• teamsters, hammersmen.
Stables, Farms, Orchards, Dairies.
Farm and orchard hands, $30; $35, $40 and
found ; milkers, $30 to $50 and found.
Stablemen, city, country Jobs, $30 to $60.
3t"5 woodchopers.
~~~.-~ 2 s " tiemakers.
COOKS. WAITERS. PORTERS.
Cocks, hotels, restaurants, camps, mines and
ranches, city and country, $30 to $70 found.
Waiters, city and country, $25 to $45 found.
Butchers, different Jobs, $40 to $90 and found
LOCATED EVERYWHERE.
Laborers and teamsters, many In San Fran-
cisco, $2, $2 25.
0 slack coopers. 9c; 5 cabinet makers
._ MURRAY & READY. 034 and 036 Clay st.
SPECIAL. ~
Cheesemaker and milker, free fare, $40 fd
2 painters, outside. $2 50 to $3 a day.
5 pruners, orchard, $2« and found.
Cook and wife, mine. 20 men, $40 and found.
Dairyman and wife, $50 and found.
2 woodchoppers. $4 cord; 2 spool tenders.
Stableman, wash cans, city $35 found.
. Gang edfferman lumber company $C5 found.
2 milkers, fare $1. $35 found.
Stenographer and typewriter, lumber co.
Porter, run to train, hotel, country. $30 fd.
2 painters, city. $2 50 to $3 day; Janitor. $40.
Packer and shipper, furniture $2 50 day.
Cook, $40; dishwasher $15 found fare, $1.
3 ranch cooks, C, 10, 12 men, $.JU 'found.
Cook, lumber camp $60.
Laborer and wife, 6 men cook for, 30c fare,
$55 found.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
FOREMAN.
; Excavating, grading and concrete. 8 hours.
$S0 found.
Track foreman, lumber company, free fare.
$40 found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-639 Clay st.
6 MINERS machine work $90 ".
MURRAY & READY. C34-636 Clay st.
MAN about place, $30 and found; fruit farmer
and wife. $15 and found; cook and wife for
mill crew, $S0; cook and heloer, country
hotel, $80 and found; boarding-house cook.
$40 and found; oyster man, $10 and board;
porter and runner, country hotel, $30 and
found; waiter, country restaurant. $30 anit
found: dleh washer; 2 bell boys and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacmnento st.
AT S. F. Emp. Bureau. 17 Fourth st.— Labor-
ers and rockmen, city, $2 25 day; 10 lumber
pliers. -El Dorado County. $150 found; man
to prune trees, near city: dishwasher city,
easy Job. $15 month. Call early, boys- lot*
of work. We guarantee all of our Jobs No
ftrikc Jobs. No fake Jobs. Dally papers
always on file. All welcome. S. F. Emp.
Bureau.
AT "E. & B." R. R. Labor Agency*.
CSS Commercial st.
Free Fare — Free Fare.
CO tunnel men. $2 50 to $3 day.
f.O muckers and drillers. $2 to $2 50 a day.
100 laborers, $2 a day.
Long Job; eight months' work.
Free fare — Ryndon, Nevada.
"E. & B." R. R. LABOR AGENCY,
¦ 638 Commercial st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 2(J Montgomery, r. 12.
Cook. $60, country: rorter, $25.
A "YOUNG man for offlce work; must be neat,
quick and accurate In figures and write &
good hand. Apply at I. MAGNIN &. CO.'S,
43 Ellis st.. 0 a. m. to-day.
WANTED — A salesman to sell ruffled and
cluny curtains to the Jobbing and retail trade
JOHN M. HASSALL. 7S Bedford St., Boston
Mass. .*
YOUNG men everywhere copy letters, home
evenings, $3 50 week; send addressed en-
velope for particulars. -Manager Dept. W 4
box 1411, Philadelphia. Pa.
WHY pay big prices to have your shoes half-
FOled when you can get It done for 25c 50c
and COc. while you wait at 663 Mission St.,
ctb. 1st and 2d sts.. or 11 Third st. ?
A MAN cf indomitable energy and push, a good
talker, eaeer to make money. F. PERSON
477 and 47S Parrott building.
BOY. 16 to 19 years old. to drive with phy-
slcian. attend offlce and make himself gen-
erally useful. Box 20?2, Cal!.
GERMAN: steady; references; tend bar; make
himself useful; married preferred; wine busl-
_ne?s. 15 City Hall square.
A— SEAMEN for deep wator sailing ships W.
B. SWEARS. Pacific Mall Dock.
TAILORS — Bushelman wanted; apply ready for
work. S. N.. WOOD & CO. *
WANTED— Experienced wrapper: apply at
once. S. N. WOOD & CO.. 740 Market st.
NEAT boys wanted. Apply superintendent's
offlce. Emporium.
LUNCH waiter at 331 Bay st.
BOY wanted to work In Jewelry store. A.
HOFFMANN. 13 Third st.
WANTED-^-Sailor boy to work on scafToid on
Call building. Inquire of McDERMOTT.
BOOTBLACK for barber shop. Corner Geary
and Hyde sts.
_DISHWASJIER wanted. 108 Hayes st.
BARHERS — A new first-class double bowl
washstand for sale cheap. 501 Castro st.
BARBERS — Good 2-chalr shop In country hotel
for rent: old stand. 51 Hermann st.
MEN to learn the barber trade: special offer
this month. Inquire at 611 Commercial st.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 per pair, foot-form shoes at $2 60. or
orthoredlc shoes. $3 50;best «hoe» on earth. 11
Third St., Kxambldg.. 5 doors from Market.
WANTED — A boy 14 to 10 years to work In
stockrocm and learn dry goods trade. Ap-
ply between 0 and 11 a. in. HALE BROS.
BARBER desires evening work. 1410 Larkln
St.; call before 9, between 11 and 1 and
after 2 p. m. .
WANTED— For an insurance offlce, bright boy
,of 16. Box 2018. C^.
BARBER shop for sale. Call at DAVID
BROS.'. 643 Kearny st.
BARBERS — 2-chalr shop for sale. 851 Valencia
street.
MANAGER wanted at once to represent and
advertise an ¦ old established house of solid
financial standing; salary $20 weekly; ex-
penses paid in advance each Monday by check
direct from headquarters; permanent posi-
tion and good chance for advancement: good
references and security required. Box 271.
Sacramento, Cal.
WANTED — An experienced, reliable clerk for
liquor store; good wages and prospects for
right party; applicants give age, experience
and references from former employers. Ad-
dress S. M.. box 520. Sacramento. Cal. :
MEN to learn barber trade; only S weeks re-
quired: special offer this month; catalogue
.and full Information mailed free. MOLER
BYSTEM COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Kolkln. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third st.; 250 rooms; 25c to 60c per night.
PENSION ATTY. M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis St.; 14
years, practice: references from thousands of
for whom I have secured pensions.
COATMAKER for country. Apply REISS
BROS & CO.. 24 Sutter st. .
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart it.
BARBER shop for sale: 2 1 hydraulic chairs.
_A£dres9_box 144. Yuba City. \ .
MCDONALD & PERRY have a large stock of
new and second-hand shoes; cheap. 23iT33" st.
MEN to learn barber trade:; catalogue~matled.
S. F. Barber School. 741A Howard st.
PENSION. atty. E. A. Bullis room 40 Phelan
\ bldg.: Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post.O.A.R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 4i Third St.. near Mar-
-ket — 700 rooms. 35c night: reading rooms;
free .'bus and baggage to and from ferry. 1
CLAIRVOJ"A^j»^on tinned. _
MRS. A. H. Kronenberg, palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader, will give a good reading, 10c, for
a short time only; when others fall try me to
convince yourself. 721 Franklin, near Turk.
PARTHENA gifted clalr.. Just from East;
wonderful prophetess. 507 Post st.. nr. Mason.
MISS WARD gives names, dates and facts;
hours 10 to 9. 413 Mason st. ; no sign.
MRS. SHAFER clairvoyant, card reader; slt-
tlngs dally. 448% Jessie st.. bet. 5th and 6th.
CARPET V^^}^^SRJ9}^^}^'^
AIR compressed, dry, ice cold, is now univer-
sally used In sanitary cleaning carpets, on
floor, without removal or Injury: prices mod-
erate. Apply 6. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call bid. ; phone Main 5237.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 355-357 Tehama st. : tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rison St.; Al cleaning; 3c; tel. Mission 225.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J. McQueen,
proprietor, 329 Guerrero St.; tcl. Mission 43.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st. ;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; tel. Mission 203. |
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave.: telephone Ea»t 120..
collection: offices.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10: tel. 55S6.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE of 5 rooms, furnished. 1106 Ala-
bama st.
CEEDIT CItOT— IEBS.
C. F. ADAMS CO.
SPECIAL CREDIT STORE.
We clothe the whole family from hats to
rhoes: everything up to date at cash prices.
Credit for all 318 Mason st.
DENTISTS,
DR. GRUSS, 504-5-6 Callagrhan bldg.. Market
and McAllister sts., uses the Basford Obtun- ;
der. the only device ever invented for grind- \
ing. drilling and excavating teeth absolutely
without pain. For demonstration and proof
call at o'flce.
DR. LUDLITII HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting, 50s, ;jas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs. ; crown. $3 50; fillings, 50c;
plates, $5; full sct;all work painless and war- j
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlor?, 235 Kearny, cor. Eush —
Set teeth $1 50 up; crowns $2 up; fillings, 25c. ;
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver. 35c; crowns, $2; no j
pain; open Sunday. Dr.O.B.HPwltt,204 Sutter. |
UKESSaiAKERS AM) SEA.nsTHiiS.Sfc:.«l
ACCORDION sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory 110 Taylor.
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
— Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market.
~ EDUCATIONAL. ~~~~~
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST. S. \
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typins, <
languages, telegraphy. English branches; day
and night sessions; illustrated catalogue free. '
HINMAN'S Academy: a thorough school of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk st..
between Plnr and California; both adult and
children's classes are now open for the sea -ox
AYRES. the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket st. ; special summer course In all depart-
ments: handsome catalogue free: life scholar-
ship. $30; day and evening sessions.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 LarkTrTsT. |
"A thorough school"; positions secured for i
graduates; modern methods; Individual In- J
strucUon. Write for illustrated catalogue.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and medical colleges; •
ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor; day and evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
THE PAUL GERSON School of Acting, the
foremost institution of the kind In the entire
West;.i2 teachers: Fend for catalogue. Native
yons' bide. 414 Mason st.
A— SAN FRANCISCO Buslnefw College. 1236
Market st. — Practical, progressive, reliable;
Cay and evening sessions; v^-ite for catalogue.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday Sun-
day evgs., Teutonla Hall. Howard St., nr.
j 9th. Prof. Foster; society dancing taught.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. mtn., mech., sur-
vey. assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1SU4. Van
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electricity. 24 Post
Ft.. S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free. I
GOLDEN Gate Com'l College, 630 Golden Gate ¦
ave.; full business course; day and evening. !
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION~TT.TTfDay"and '
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st Night class. !
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
KMPl.OYME.1iT OFFICES.
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post St. ; tel. Bush 130—
Japanese-Chinese employment- offlce; fur-
nishes beet help: contracts for farm help, etc.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chlr.ete help. 420 Powell. Tel. Main 5752.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office, 415
Stockton: tel. Grant IKS; expert, reliable help.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5183.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1907. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay.
EMPL.OVAIEXT WANTED FEMALE.
HAIRDRESSER, manicurist, etc.. from an- j
other city, will exchanse work about one j
month for special Instruction on combing, i
Address LEBLEY. box 2017, Call.
2 FINLAND srlrls would like positions to do
general housework; good plain couks; wages
$25. 23 S4 Perry st.
POSITION by neat, reliable eldorly woman;
experienced cook; used to children; wages
$12; references: Box 2C90. Call.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman would like a sltua- ;
tion to take care of an invalid or one child !
or do general housework. 2738 Bryant st.
GERMAN woman, good cook and houseworkor,
wishes position In small family in country;
• wasres $20. T.U Minna St.. bet. 3d and 4th.
GERMAN lady wishes position as cook or '
housework In a email family; wages $30. 127
JThird s^
A YOUNG woman wishes situation to do light
hcuKework, sleep home: wages $4 a week.
_CalI_orji<ldress A. B.. 257 Octavia st.
GOOD laundress wants work by the day, $1 25
a day; no postals answered. C05 Minna St.,
near Seventh.
NORWEGIAN girl wishes to do housework in '¦
a small family. 1355 Stevenson st. ;
A LADY would like to cook for men "r do
chamber work a little ways out cf the city
Apply 315 Sutter et., upstairs.
A COMPETENT German lady would like work
by the day. Call at 128A Eighth st. .
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
WANT ad« and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. a?3 McAllister st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
WANTED— Position as cIervT~bookkeeper or
manager by young Easte.rn man of ten
years' experience; best of references F C
LINK, 2020 Mission St.
SITUATION private place, city or country by
competent young man, Dane; capable tak-
ing rare of fine horses, garden, etc. and a
first-class driver. Box 2920. Call. '
SERIOUS young man, speaks several lan-
guages, references, would like position Inter-
preter, clerk, etc. Box 2689, Call offlce.
POSITION wanted by young man In shoe
store; 10 years' experience;, have worked at
the bench. Box 2021, Call office.
ENERGETIC young man of neat appearance
, wishes position as traveling salesman with
mercantile house. Address box 2020, Call.
SOBER, steady ' man wants position In ware-
house or as helper . on furniture wagon or
watchman; best of references. A. R., 1481
Fifteenth st.
BARBER'S apprentice with a year's experi-
ence wants position to complete practice;
' good shaver. Box 2687. Call.
A BARBER wants situation. Address THEO
WUESTEMANN, care Charles Tamrn, 360
Bartlett St.. San Francisco.
A RELIABLE couple wish to take charge of
place at a monthly salary: board themselves
and hire their own help. T. S.. 77 Ninth st.
WANTED — Some kind of light work, watch-
man preferred; can deposit from $500 to SSOO.
Box 2677. Call offlce. .-.-•.-
WANTED— Position as tinner and pipe fitter,
country. Box 785. Call offlce.
CHINESE first-class cook, with first-class ref-
erences, -. wants a first-class family: ¦ place,
without table work; city or country.- Address
' 734A Jackson st., room 21, third floor; phone
China 140. : '.% ' ;. .•; -\- • ¦: -
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
'Call Branch offlce, cor. Duncan '& Church sts.The complaint alleges that Maceldeny
¦was married In Butte, Mont, in 1895, to
a woman' whose maiden name was Rose
Katz. It is, charged that he was not di
vorced from her and that she was his
legal wife when he assumed the responsi
bility of marriage with the plaintiff.
The court is asked to pronounce the
second marriage void for the reason that
the^prior one was still in^full force.
OAKLAND, Nov. 4.— Charges of big
amy ugainst Hubert Maceldeny are made
the 'basis for a suit for divorce brought
by Corinne Maceldeny to-day.. She al
leges that he was a married man at the
time he married her. She says they were
wedded In this city by the Rev. R. F.
Coyle in- 1899, and that since then she
had discovered he had another wife llv
inff. .
Mrs. Maceldeny Says Present Hus
band Was Already Married When
'He Wedded Her. r-
ALLEGES BIGAMY AS
GB0TTND FOB ANNULMENT
Late Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, November 4.
Stmr Santa Barbara. Zaddart. from Port
Harford.
story and basement frame apartment house on
SE corner of Van Ness avenue and Green
street. S 60 by B 86: W. A. 47: $1875
D. B. Murphy (owner) with P. J. Melner
ney and J L. Roberts (contractors), architect
T J. Welsh — All work for a two-story frama
building with basement and concrete founda
tions containing two tenements on 9 Una of
Twenty-second street. 75 W of Capp. S 80
by W 24:6; $54SO. - ¦ ¦
D. W. Tletjen (owner) with W. B Grant
(contractor), architect . All work for a
two-story frame building on N line of Filbert
street. 60 W of Stelner. W 25 by N 100;
Same owner with same contractor, architect
. Same for same on N- line of Filbert
street, 25 W of Stelner, XV 25 by N 100
14667. • '
Same owner with same contractor, architect
. Same for same on N line of Filbert
street, 75 W of Steiner. W 25 by N 100;
H. M. Rogers (owner) with N, Ostrom (con
tractor), architect Charles J. Rousseau — Paint
ing, varnishing, tinting, lincrusta for a three-
Builders' Contracts.
NEW YORK, Nov. 4.— The following
Callfornians are In New York: From San
Francisco— T. H. Addison, at the Nether
land; E. C. Cryden, at the Continental; I.
Desmont, at the Imperial; Mrs. L. P.
Drexler, C. Fraborn and C. H. Gray, at
the Manhattan; Mrs. L. M. McBean, at
the Holland: Miss McCallum, at the
Manhattan; F. J. McGllnchey, at the As
tor; C. A. Maydwell, at the Murray Hill;
W. J. AVyman, at the Hoffman, and J.
Shiely, at the Herald Square.
From Los Angeles— W. Banning, at the
Gllsey; P. D. Brown and Mrs. L. M. Car
bart, at the Imperial; J. Schroeder, "at the
Gllsey: G. D. Sisson, at the St. Denis,
and H. W. Stacy, at the Bartholdi.
Kruhming, lot on w line of Kansas street,
147 S of Nineteenth, 8 25 by W 100; $350.
\V. S. and Lucetta A. Spinney to Mrs. R.
E. Davldffon, lot on E line of Mississippi
street, 175 N of Twenty-second, N 23 by _
100: $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Albert
XV Lehrke, lot on E line of Mississippi street,
25 N of Eighteenth, N 25 by E 100; | .
. Harriet O. Gosling to Abram and Julia
Seidkln, lot on S Una of California street.
02:1 8-12 _ of Second avenue, S 23:0.0-12, S
03:6 37-96, XV 22:11 1-3. N 62:4 20-96; «J>.
William J. Nixon to Frederick XV. and Anna
J. Seifert. lot on E line of Fifth avenue. 250
8 of Clement street. 8 25 by E 120: $10.
Anthony and Adena Phelan to Millard F.
Arnest. lot on XV line of Eleventh avenue. 230
N of J street, N 25 by W 120; $10.
Andrea O. Ghlotto to Giovanni Ghlotto, lot
on NW line of Mission street, 75 E of Harring
ton. NB 25 by NW 100, lot 57, Academy
Tract; $10.
E. F. and Josle Gutschow and W. R. P.
Wirthle to Charlea M. and Lydla N. G. Claus
sen,; lot on S_ line of Arlington street,* 212
SW of Miguel. SW 25 by SE 150, lot 4. block
10, Falrmount: $10.
Adolph Butro to Henry Schroder, lot 60,
block C. Park Lane Tract: $207.
Giovanni Chiappari to Nicola Armanino, un
divided third of following: Lot on NE corner
of Hanover and Guttenbersr streets, N 261,
E 164:1. SE 293. W 297:3, lots 73 to 75, West
End Homestead: also lot on W line of Watt
avenue, 124:9 8 of Hanover street, 8 101:1. W
202:6, N 100. E 187:6. lot 20, name; also lots
13 and 22, block 11, Syndicate First Addition;
$10.
William C. and Sarah J. Hamerton to Cath
erine Handley, lot on -NE line of Godeua
street, 80 NW of California avenue, NW 20
by NE 69. Preelta Valley 375; $10.
Odd Fellows Cemetery Aasoclation to Rich
ard Cross and sister, lot in cemetery; $63.
Same to Richard Cross, same; $225.
Califomians in New York.
General Manager A. G. Wells and Chief
Engineer R. B. Burns of the Santa Fe
road arrived yesterday from the East,
where they have been holding a confer
ence with the other officials of the com
pany. The two gentlemen left for the
south in the evening to meet President
E. P. Rlpley and Vive President Paul
Morton, with whom they will return to
the north again on a tour of inspection
of the company's line. They expect to
reach here to-morrow r.leht.
R. C. Dunsmuir, the well known coal
magnate of; Victoria, B. C.,, la here on a
business trip and is staying at the Palace.
H. AV. Felton «.a mining man of Ma
zatlan, Mexico, who has been in Europe
for several months on mining business,
is registered at the Occidental.
T. E. Gibbon, vice president and general
counsel of the San Pedro, Los Angeles
and Salt Lake road, is up from Los An-,
geles and staying at the Palace.
General Manager Julius Kruttschnltt cf
the Southern Pacific Company is making
an inspecion of the company's lines be
tween here and Ogden. He was in Ogden
yesterday and is expected to start home
ward to-day.
J. C. Ford, vice president and general
manager of .the" Pacific Coast Company,
which operates the Pacific Coast Steam
ship Company, arrived from Seattle yes
terday and in the evening he departed
for the south with Manager Pierce of the
latter company to inspect the Pacific
Coast Railway and other Interests of the
company. i
Attorney Frank Short of Fresno is at
the Palace.
Dr. C. Wi Nutting of Etna is at the
Occidental.
Ellwood Cooper, the well known olive
grower of Ellwood, is registered at the
Lick.
A. J. Fairbanks, proprietor of a hotel
at AVillits, is at the Lick.
Commander C. E. Fox of the United
States navy and Mrs. Fox are at the
Occidental.
T. AV. Heintzelman. master mechanic of
the Southern Pacific Company at Sacra
mento, is at the Grand.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Michael and Elizabeth M. Connell to Ma
tilda Blut. lot on 8 line of Twentieth street,
100 E of Alabama. E 25 by 8 104; $10
City and County of San Francisco to Cath
erine Paine, lot on 8 line of Twenty-fourth
street. 30 E of Bartlett, E 30 by S 100; $ .
David W. Cronin to Carl A. Feterson lot
On W line of Florida street, 190 S of Twenty
sixth. S 25 by W 100; $10.
Same to Tobias Thorbjornsen. lot on W line
of Florida street, 215 8 of Twenty-sixth 8
25 by W 100: $10.
Margaret Curtln (single) to Margaret Cur
tin (mother), undivided 1-3 of lot on N line
of Twenty-fourth street. 105 W of Noe, ,W 75
by N 114; gift.
F. L. A. Ploche and Noe Garden Homestead
Union to Therese Haw. lot on W line of Sher
man street, 110 N of Twenty-second, XV 125
by N 60; $500. - -
. Therese. Haas to Joseph Haas (trustee Jo
sephine L. and Helen T. Haas, minors), lot
on yv line of Colllngwood street, 110 N of
Twenty-second, W 125 by N 60; $— — .
Robert ¦ F. Morrow to White Investment
Company (a corporation), lot on N line of
California street, 107:6 W of Sansome. W 25
by N 80; $10.
Benjamin F. Mead to Maria H. Mead (wife),
lot on W line of Leavenworth street. 155 N
of Sacramento. N 17:6 by W 94:6; gift.
Helen Denting to Nathan and Hannah M.
Fiink lot on NE line of Hampton place. 125
SE of Folsorn street. SE 27 by NE 65; $10.
George R Frisbie to Francla Smith, lot on
N corner of Eighth and Townsend streets. NW
275 by NE 275; $10.
j. Ogden and Lollta 8. Armour to same,
same; $10.
Helen 8. Smith to California Safe Deposit
and Trust Company lot on SE line of Rlngold
(Shipley) street, 150 NE of Ninth. NB 25 by
Eugene A. and Cellna -V. d« Marals to Fred
A Brewer lot on W line of San Bruno ave
nue. 176 S of Maripoea street. 8 20 by W
Real Estate and Development Company to
Margaret Sharp, I lot on E line of San Bruno
avenue 50;6 8 of Mariposa street, S .212, E
125-11&. NW. to point 9&;6 E of San Bruno
avenue and 50:6 8 of Mariposa street, thence
98:6, quitclaim deed; $1.
Henry J. Crocker (and as trustee) to John
•_ Herman and Isabelle V. Schottler to Hugh
F. and Emma McDonald, lot on D lino of
b° n E es'o^'t 182:8 N Seventeenth. N 25
Augusta Klesendahl to Frank Herten lot on
S line of Seventeenth street 289:0% E of
»?«#?• .^a 27 ' S 7 °- W 4:9 *' S 30 - W 22:2 %-
Julius Stelnberger to Mary L. Stelnberger
lot on W line of Masonic avenue. 225 S of Wai.
ler street. S 25 by W 100; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to LIpman
M. Kaiser, commencing at a point running E
* nd W ,,.- UlroUBh center ot Western Addition
block 835, at a point 82:7 E of Maple street
SW to Intersection with line drawn E perpen
dicularly to Maple street from point 100 N or
Clay, E 11 :l. NE to Intersection with line
drawn N and perpendicularly from N line of
Clay at point 103:1^ E from Maple, N to
above center line, W 10:614 to beginning;
City and County of San Francisco to Jane
M. and Annie Fleming, lot on N line of Four
teenth street. 225 W of Valencia, W 60 by N
City and County of San Francisco to Harry
L. Simon, lot on E line of Scott street. 32:8 S
Of Fell. 8 27:6 by E 87:6; . :
Same to Rosalie Stlch, lot on S line of Turk
street, 106:3 W of Stelner, W 80 by S
137:0;
Same to Solomon C. Sanders, lot on S line of
Clay street, 11S:9 W of Stelner, W 25 by S
127:4%; .
Miriam F. and Charles E. Bancroft to Mlz
pah Hoelscher, lot on S line of Green street,
110:6 E of Scott, E 27 by S 137:6, and right of
way over alley 10 feet wide, described as lot on
E line of Scott street, 127:6 S of Green, S 10
by E 110:6; $10.
James P. and Mary Devlne to William J.
Curlin, lot on S line of Truk street. 192-6 W
of Pierce. W 27:6 by S 120: $10.
Adele Hesser to Clara Herrscher (wife of
Joseph), lot on N line of California, 72 E of
Buchanan, E 65:6 by N 137:6; gift.
S. and G. Gump Company (corporation) to
John M. Nowlan, lot on N line of Halght
street, C3 E of Flllmore, E 75 by N 95; $12,000.
City and County of San Francisco to Minnie
S. Cooper, lot on N line of Washington street,
75 W of Webster, W 25 by N 92 :4',£ ; .
Same to Rose Freeman, lot on N line of Clay
street. 130 E of Stelner, E 31:3 by N
127:8Vi: .
Same to Julius Deutsch, lot on N line of
Clay street. 60 E of Stelner, E 25 by N
102:8%; .
Same to August and Marie E. Schaefer, lot
on S line of Hayes street, 106:3 E of Steiner,
E 60 by 8 137 :«; .
Slgmund and Rose Schwabacher to Edward
B. Rothchild, lot on SW corner of Jackson and
Gough street*, W CO by S 126:8ti; $10.
Mary L. Steinberger to Julius Stelnberger,
lot on NE corner of Sutter and Laguna streets,
E 27:6 by N 112:0; $10.
Sales in This City.
Myron H. and Sarah Fish (wife) to Leah F.
Mott (Bingle), lot on S line of Clinton avenue,
383:4 E of Chestnut street. E 33:4, S to
boundary line Rancho San Antonio, W along
said last line to point 383:3 E of Chestnut
street, N to beginning, block S7, lands adjacent
to Enclnal, Alameda; $10.
109.89 E of Adeline, E 40, S 92.60, W 40, N
92.30, lot 3, Germain Tract, Oakland; $10.
Robert Knowles (single) to Helen J. Stuart,
lot 5, block 22, map of property of L. M. Beau
dry and G. Pcladeau, being plat 41, etc., Oak
land: |10.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to H.
Thlen, lot In cemetery. Oakland; $53.
Richard Altsehul (executor estate Ludwig
Altschul) to Zadla L. Adams, all Interest in
lot on SW corner of Shattuck and Ashby ave
nues, \V 112:2. S 50, E 100:2. N 50:1, lot 1.
block L. portion Newbury Tract, portion plat
61. etc.. Berkeley; $1100. .
Elizabeth and Wilbur J. MacNell to M.
Grace Barlow, lot on S line of Ward atreet,
227:0 E of Ellsworth. E 37:0 by S 134:0. block
F, Leonard Tract, Berkeley; $10.
Emma F. Guerrero (single) to F. H. and G.
R. Gibson lots 23 and 84. block F, Melrose
Station Tract, Brooklyn Township; $100.
Anna M dc Shields (widow) to Ivan de
Shields (single), lot on E line of Bryant street.
634 N of East Fourteenth or county road
survey No. 152i5. N 5O by E 146, lots 43 and
44, block A. redlvlslon map Frultvale Tract,
Brooklyn Township; gift.
R. and Anna Junca (wife) to F. Toussau,
undivided M Interest In lot on NB line of
Monroe street, 100 SE of Versailles avenue NE
140:2%. SE 30:0%. SW 14$:2>£, NW 30:0%,
Alameda; $10. . ,
Mary A. and C. D. Bate* Sr. and F. XV. and
Carrie S. Bilger to F. M. Williams, lot on N
line of Buena Vista avenue, 10^ E of Stanford
street. E 19:6 by N 147 :fl. portion lots 2 and
8, block 12, plan eubdlvislon block3 1 to 3, 12
to 14. lands adjacent to Enclnul. Alameda;
$10.
Thomas E. Gay. to Estella Gay (wife), lot
on 8W corner of Lafayette street and San An
tonio avenue. W 44 by 8 150. block 11. amend
ed map Bartlett Tract. Alameda; gift.
Continued From Page Eleven.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
gation of Fein. v
Frank Hecht, third vice president of the
club, testified that Fein had persuaded
him to take out fraudulent papers and
then later had taken both the papers and
the Grand Jury summons from him.
Schwartz said he was one out of about
600 men who were taken to the Court of
Appeals room-to be naturalized on Octo
ber 8, 1902, and that all of them were un
der instructions from Fein and other of
ficers of the Hebrew Jefferson Club to do
as they did.
Schwartz said that he was not entitled
to naturalization papers, but that he was
persuaded to apply for them at the insti-
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 4— At the trial to-day
of Adolph Fein, Ferdinand Schwartz, sec
ond vice president of the Jefferson Club,
told of the part he had played, he said,
at the instigation of Fein, first vice presi
dent of the club, in the naturalization
frauds.
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo.. Nov. 4.-In
the trial of Senator Farrla, charged with
bribery, former Lieutenant Governor
John A. Lee took the stand to-day. He
said he asked Farris to help defeat the
bill to repeal the law prohibiting the use
of alum in baking powders. Farris, wit
ness testified, said it could be easily dona
by holding the bill In committee, but that
the bill was an important one to the
Royal Baking-powder Company and that
the boys of the committee needed money.
He wanted $7000, of which $1000 was to go
to each of six members of the committee
on criminal Jurisprudence pf the Senate
and $1000 to the Senator who Introduced
the bill.
Lee arranged by telephone and tele
graph, he said, with Daniel J. Kelly to
get the money. A check for $8500 was re
ceived by Lee and deposited In the Ameri
can Exchange Bank of St. Louis. The bill
was defeated and he drew out $7000 of the
money and gave it to Senator Farris in
his room at the Laclede Hotel. Farris
divided the money into packages of $1000
each. Lee' got $1500 for his Interest in the
matter.
The dead, all of whom were workmen
employed by the naval ordnance depart
ment, are Fred Ward, Stony Point;
George Morehead, Tompkins Cove; Fred
E. Locke, Peekskill; Patrick Curran, West
Haverstraw; Fred Brown, Haverstraw,
and James Connelly* Peekskill. The
bodies were frightfully mangled, frag
ments being hurled for hundreds of feet.
The Island, which has been used as an
arsenal for years, is on the Hudson River,
forty miles from New York, and shells
and ammunition of all kinds were store!
there.
IONA ISLAND, N. Y., Nov. 4.— Six men
were killed and ten slightly injured this
afternoon by an explosion at the United
States naval arsenal, one, of the largest
magazines in the United States, which is
located here. The explosion occurred
while the men were drawing the explosive
charges from a consignment of old shells
recently sent here from the battleship
Massachusetts. Three massive shell
houses were totally destroyed, and a rain
of fragments of projectiles of all sizes
was scattered in every direction.
¦ The force of the explosion, or series of
explosions, broke windows at Peekskill,
three miles below on the opposite side
of the Hudson, and the detonation was
heard for many miles. Adjacent buildings,
including two storehouses for fixed ammu
nition, were riddled with the fragments,
and the quarters of the eleven marines
composing the garrison were completely
demolished.
Testifies for State in Trial
of Senator Parris for
Bribery.
Accident Happens When Vic
tims Are Unloading Old
> Ammunition. -
Fatal Explosion Occurs
at Iona Island Naval
Arsenal.
Missouri's Former Lieu
tenant Governor on
the Stand.
BURSTING SHELL
SLAYS SIX MEN
TELLS HOW BILL
WAS DEFEATED
THE SAN FBAIn CISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 5. 1903.
13
R_A_ ESTATE CITV FOR SALE.
- ,,-, w -¦• i • ¦ -¦ - -1 - - - -.-_ .
POST 8T.
Right in the beet prospective district.
Between 40 and 50 feet of frontage.
PRICE VERY REASONABLE.
THOMAS MAGEE _ SONS,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
5 MONTGOMERY ST.
fjOO — COTTAGE. 4 rooms, at 623 Moultrle st.;
a bargain: $."00 down, balance ?8 per month.
, $1800— Cottage. 4 r. and b. : 28th st. ; terms.
: D. COFFIN _ CO.. 3303 Mission at.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
1 ANT__Rs7~415"Turk St. — BUIctly modern. 4-8
room apartments; fur, or unfur. for hakpg.
CALIFORNIA, 1421, nr. transfer cor.— Beauti-
; fully furnished apartments: complete; ;.O up.
EDDY, 008—2 large connecting rooms; regular
kitchen, reasonable; also single fur, room, go.
I ELEVENTH. JOC— Sunny furnished rooms for
• housekeepingj^
OAK. 117— Sunny front suites; $12 to $18; gas
range, hot bath, laundry; adults.
; OFARRELL. 1279—2. 3 or 4 large housekeep-
; ing rooms: all conveniences; reasonable.
\ 'sTEINER. 00:1 — 2 or 3 tunny rooms, furnished
for housekeeping; gas and bath. |
1 CLASSIFIED advertta—WM— • and subscriptions
! receVved I at Call branch_orfic*. 2200 Flllmore.
I A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
pubscrij tlons has been established at 1090
' j Valencia st. &
1 j llonnrUnc Room* — A P^5!iU55!^!_ll
! i rrTMONTERKY, the city's newest apartment
hotel localt'l on the north sid<; of Pine St..
between Hyda and Leavenworth; a superb
In-ick building of Spanish architecture; all
' the comforts of housekeeping combined with
' I the coDvenionces of hotel life; an excellent
prill room in connection; prices very reason-
. able.
i A LARKIN~ST.. MET. SUTTER AND BUSH;
THE SUNNIEST FURNISHED APART-
• .' MFNTS IN THi: CITY: THOROUGHLY
MODERN: SUPERIOR SERVICE: CHOICE
' I LOCATION: ALL CAR LINES; NOW OPEN.
1 I THE Frederick. 901 Stanyan. opp. Park— Furn.
avartments; pri. bath: steam heater: Janitor.
' : ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Unfnrn.
I A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth St. — Rooms
25c to $1 per night, $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
I AT "The Almonte," S73 Market Et. (or No. 1
Fifth Ft.)— Rooms, 25c. COc. $1. $1 50 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
i BURNKTT. 14-6 Market fold No. 1.164)— Fur-
niFhed roomy, suite, single; also unfurnished.
i CLIFFORD, _m Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnifhed sunny room*: prices reasonable.
i 1:LL1S, 1809, r<-ar Pcott— Nice, large furnished
room; gas; $s.
' ;' FOURTH. .2-5— Nice sunny front room, suit-
able fcr two persons.
j GOLDEN GATE ave., S47— Lovely front suite
or single rooms; opposite Jefferson Square.
I GRAND Southern. Tth and Mission — Rooms 50c
to $1 50 night; $1 to $3 week; reading-room.
I JEFS1E. r.GS. east U. S. Mint— Furnished
rooms, 55 and $0 per month.
] JESSIE. 441 — Punr.y furnished room; double
bed; rents only $2 per week.
j LAGUNA and McAllister, St. James flat— Sun-
i r.y single room.
i LAKKIN. sot — Large sunny room for one or
two prentlpmen; >U per .month.
I ROTA— House. 12« Kills — Incandescent lights.
resdlnR-room. smoking-r^om and ladies' par-
lor: rooms per night. 35c to $1 50; week, $2
to $«; month, $S to $30; elevator on ground
flror; rooms with hot and cold wattr; baths.
I UNITED STATES. 123 Ed<ly St.. near Market—
400 sincle and family rooms; to $1 night;
?1 7." to $C, wefk; elevator: electric Hunts;
readinp-r.>nm: frf>e bus anj bapgage.
j VAN NEPS. MS — Handscme Funny furnished
suites and single rooms; all convenience?.
i WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market—
Mott convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
."."><• to *1 .V> nisht: $2 to $s week; elevator;
clcc. llsrhtp; rea<1iiiK-room: free bus; bajrirage.
i AnVKP.TISEMENTR, subscriptions r»c*iv<?d at
Ca'.l Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
sutfcrlj'tiens has been established at 1096 !
Vskr.cin rt.
rooms a.nd board.
~ hoteiTbaltimoki^ " "
van' neks ave . near geary st.
' select. first-class family hotel.
New and modern appointments; intereom-
: munlcating and long distance phones in every
J ror-m; suam heated: hot and cold ocean water
1 haths: cuisine* and service best p American plan
,' only. $3 to $5 day. Special rates by month.
STEVENSON mansion, S07 California et. — At-
tractive and sightly rooms; best table and
service; lowest rates.
VAN NEPS ave., 1714— Private boardlng-hou5e,
homelike: everything first-class; eunny
suites: frinjrle rooms: choice locality; ref.
11OO MS A.NL> IIOAKU WASTED.
WANTED — By a gentleman and wife, nice
comfortable room, with private bath attached;
either European plan or near good restaurant.
Box 201C. Call.
R< OMS WA.VTED.
GENTLEMAN of prood habits wants room with
rrivate family; reasonable. Box 2C91. Call, j
SPECIAL NOTICES.
• Ladles! Chichostrr's English Pennyroyal Pills
I are best; safe, reliable; take no other. Send 4c
I stamps for particulars. "Relief for Ladies"
in letter by return mail. Ask your druggist.
Chiohr<--ter Chemical Co.. Philadelphia. Pa.
SCIENTIFIC OPTICIANS.
DURING the G. A. R. encampment Dr. Cllse.
1023 Market st.. bet. 6th-7th. fitted glasses to
C5»n. Miles: you want the best as well as he.
SPECIALISTS^
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES in EARS
positively <:ured; new method: 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottingham. 204 Sutter st.
STUTTERING AND STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE School. Van Ness-Market — Cur«
in rvi»ry case; Individual teaching: no medi-
cine. Inquire into wonderful cures ".home cure.
_^STORAGE^j*.NJD WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard st., near Third; phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
fice Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Prlve. _x. 571.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dlse. 333 Golden Gate- ave. ; phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made; 840
Mlrslon st. ; tel. Howard 941. F. XV. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Cgm-
pany. 2320 Fillmore Et.; phona Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
et.; tel. Main 1S40. Shipping at cut rates.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS^Avi
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 636 California; telephone Main 266.
A FEW good typewriters at $.10 each; get par-
tlculars. L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont-
gomery st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co., 508 Market.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice — The Giant Powder Co.,
Con. — A dividend. No. 59, of fifty cents (50c)
per share on \he issued capital stock of the
company has been declared payable at the
office of the company, rooms 202, 204 and
206 Hay wari bldg., San Francisco, on No-
vember 10, 1903. Transfer books close No-
vember 3, 1903. at noon. C. ('.. QUINN. Sec.
MAERIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Karl P. Wiedmann. 32, 757 Folsom street,
and Margarette Moller, 30, 767 Folsom street.
William D. Flory, 24, Denver, Colo., and
Ethel C. Baker. 23, city.
James A. McBride, 38, 217 Fourth Btreet,
and Barbara Presnall, 38, 421A Natoma street.
Antonio Calamaro, 25, 225 Mississippi street,
and Maria Rolleri, 21. 225 Mississippi street.
Frank Cork, 28, 480 Geary street, and Mary
M. Swanke, 26, 4R0. Geary street.
Joseph A. Brundige, 37, Lakeport, and Vin-
nie G. Lanfare, 29, 272 State - street.
Ernest A. Lucan, 47, 117 Eleventh atreet,
and Bertha A. Noack, 36, 628 Valencia Btreet.
James F. Smith, 21, city, and Adele Cag-
lieri, 18, city.
Jose Santos, 22. 621% Green street, and
Mary E. Weatherlll, 18,. 521% Green street.
William L. St. Amant, 21, 208 Bush street,
and Ella V. Coughlin, 18. 147 Thirteenth street.
Charles E. Dryden, 34, Los Angeles, and L.
Madg? Glasacock, 26, Los Angeles.
John I'.rice, 27, Los Angeles, and Katherlne
Golden, ~2, Los Angeles.
Benjamin Levy. 33, 3C3 Fell street, and Jo-
sephine G. Ford, 25, 410 Valencia street.
Johannes H. Severln, 29, ¦ Modesto, and Ber-
tha Cbrifct, 26, Modesto.
John M. GlUespie, 21, 33S Third avenue, and
Philomena Doody, 19, 1954 Union street.
NelBon XV. Williams, 45, Lindsay, and Ze-
relda Pitzer, 22, city.
Alexander N. McVicker, 22, 60 Chesley
street, and Johanna Murphy, IS, 240 Minna at.
Devi Devoto, 30, Sunnyslde, and Catterlna
LapomarBino, IS, Sunnyside. , - -
Carl Lund, 22, 1 Lundy Lane, and Nannie
8. Hellberg, 24, 741 Andover avenue.
Cezere Evan!, 21, 8 Ohio place,: and Adel
Brottini, 21, 8 Ohio place.
Edward XV. Ette, 2«. 331 Twenty-Beventh
street, end Emma Eriks en,. 21, 1505 Church st.
Joe Silac, 27, 594 Vermont street, and Jelka
Lister, 19. 1207 Steiner street.
Albert A. Wcltge, 44, city, and Harriet
Gullan, 32, city.
Cirimeie Costantlno, 33, Oakland, and An-
gela • Torrano. Zt. 405 Union street.
Frank A. Rogers, 42, 11G Jackson street, and
Maria F. Rodrigxies, 35. 116 Jackson Btreet.
Tomaso Oaero, 4«, 520 Broadway, and Sonta
Pouletl, 84. 520 Broadway.
BIRTHS— MABMAGES--DEATHS.
Birth, marriage 'and death notices kent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence ot per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
ANSBRO— In Alameda, November 3, 1903, to
the wife of M. C. Ansbro, a son.
CUMMINGS— In this city, November 4, 1903,
to the wife of G. # D. Cummings, a daughter.
EPPLER— in this city, October 25, 1903, to
I the wife of John G. Eppler, a daughter.
JACOBS— In Alameda. October 30, 1903. to tha
; wife of Dr. S. R. Jacobs, a daughter.
PIPANI — In this city, November I, 1903, to
the wife of Giovanni Plsanl, a son.
_____
Armenio, Giacomo Holtum, Mary J.
rsehrmann, June Juzix, Leona
llelmont, Henry O. Krenz. Err.i! A. Jr.
lilenek, Otto Kurlch, Jeromo
ftreen. William Meseth, Charles
Burke. Bridget T. Miller, Frank
Casper, Edward H. O'Neil, John E,
Clifford. John T. Parnow, Charles D.
Cook, Mollie Pinkham, Bernico
Crowley, Elizabeth Schmitt. Gf-orge
Dalgarda, Dominga Slat'T, Daniel C.
Deane, Nellie Stafford, Jane
Dirking, Fritz btockmann, August
Dolan, Edward Sweeney, Catherine
Estee, Morris W. Taylor, Benjamin E.
Fay, B. M. Tubtin. Paul J.
Felenger, George G. Von Oesen, Dora
Flaherty, Katie Waters, Patrick
Green, Georgie Westenhaver, Chas.
Grimes, James L. Woepke, Fred
Harrington, John M.
ARMENIO— In this city, November 3, 1903,
Giacomo, dearly beloved Bon of Franceso
and Luisa Armenio, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 7 months nnd 'M days.
E7"FrlendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral on Thurs-
day, November 5. at 2 o'clock, from his par-
'¦ ents' residence on Onondaga avenue and
j Delaware street. Interment Italian Ceme-
tery.
! BEHRMANN— In this city. November 2, 1903,
Jane, beloved wife of C. F. Behrmann, and
sister of Mrs. Gardner Osgood and James
Jchnston. a native of Ireland, aged 59 years
9 months and 22 days.
[O'Frien'is and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral services
Friday, November 0. at 2 o'clock, at the
: mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate Under-
taking Company, 2475 Mission street, near
Twenty-first. Interment I. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery. Kindly omit flowers.
BELMONT— In the City Rnd County Hospital,
November 4, lilOTJ. Henry O. Belmont, a na-
tive of Ohio, aged 34 years.
BIENEK— In this city. November 4, 1903, Otto
Bienek, a native of Berlin, Germany, aged
52 years. A member of Paperhangeis' and
Fresco Painters' Union Nq, 509.
(_TFriend8 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-mnrrow (Friday), at 2 o'clock, at the par-
lors of Oanuier Bros., 120U Mission street,
1 between Eighth and Ninth. Crrmation I. O.
: O. F. Cemttery. Plea?e omit flowers.
I BREEN— In this city. November 4, 1903, Wil-
i Ham, beloved son of John A. and Mary T
¦ Brecn, a native of San Francisco, aired 2
years and 14 ciays.
i BURKE — In this city, November 4. 190.1, Brld-
iret Theresa Kurke. beloved mother of Mrs
Hosa Krlis, Mrs. Rebecca Anderson, Mra
Kate Jacobsan and James Burke of Auck-
land. New Zealand, a native of Ireland,
aged 88 years. (Auckland (New Zealand) pa-
pers pleaf* copy.)
CTKriends and acquaintances are respect.
' fully Invited to attend the funeral Friday,
: at 2 o'clock, from her late residence, 201
Shotwel] street, corner Sixteenth. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by funeral
car from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
CASPER— In this city, November 4, 1903, Ed-
ward Harold, .beloved eon of Andrew and
Julia Casper, 'and brother of Henry and
Stephen Casper, a native of San Francisco,
aKe«l 4 month* and 19 days. •• -
CLIFFORO-In this city. November 4, 190.J,
John Thomas, beloved huxband of Annie .
Clifford, father of Patrick J. Clifford, loving
rein cf Patrick and Ellen Clifford, brother of
Nollie. William and the late Joseph Clifford,
and brcther-ln-law of Ella and AbUe -Mc-
Carthy, a native of Lynn, Mass., aged 29
years 1 month and 12 days.
(CTRemains at the parlors of McFarlden,
McBrearty -Green. 1171 Mission Btreet.
COOK — In this city. November 4. 1903. Mollie,
beloved wife of Charles H. Cpok, a native
: of TVs Moincs, Iowa, aged 2l> years and 11
months. t
C^Notlce of funeral hereafter.
CROWLEY— In this city, November 4. 1903,
Elizabtth, beloved wife of William Crowley,
a native of EnEland, aged <11 years.
m^Kemains at the mortuary chapel of the
OoMen Gate Undertaking Company, 2473
Million street, near Twenty-first.
DALOARDA— In the City and County Hospi-
tal, N'rvember 4. 190.'!, Dominga Delgarda,
a native of Mexico, nped £0 years.
DEANE— In this city. November 4, 1903, Nel-
lie Deane, a native of Marysvllle, Cal., aged
30 years 8 months and 17 days.
[ETInterment at Sacramento. Cal.
DIRKING— In this city. November 3. 1903,
Fritz, beloved husband of Clementine Dirking,
and father of Edward and Fritz Dirking and
Mrs. Walter N. Kelly and Mrs. Alice Feld. a
native of Ncuchetel. Switzerland, aged 55
years 9 months and 14 days.
(l—^Frlf-nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Thursday, November 5. 11)03, at 11 o'clock,
ot the residence of his daughter, Mrs. Walter
N. Kelly, 3547 Twenty-first street. Inter-
ment l-«urel Hill Cemetery.
DOLAN— In this city, November 3. 1903, Ed-
ward Dolan, a native of County Leltrim,
Ireland, aged 87 years.
Cl^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, t»5 Ivy avenue, off Van Ness avenue,
thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Croes Cemetery.
ESTEE — In Honolulu. October 21. 1903, Morris
March, beloved husband of Frances D. Estee,
a native of Pennsylvania, aged 70 years.
(ETFuncral services Thursday, October 5.
at 10 a. m.. at Masonic Temple, corner ot
Post and Montgomery streets, under the aus-
pices of the Grand Lodge, F. and A, M.
FAY — In this city, November 4, 1903, B. M.,
relict of John 'Fay, and loving mother of
Luke nnd John Fay, a native of Ireland,
aged 65 years 8 months and 16 days.
(ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect,
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2014 Powell street, thence to St. Fran-
cis Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery, by electric funeral car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets. Please
¦ omit flowers.
FELENGER — In Cupertino, Santa Ctara
County, November 4, 1903, George G. Felen-
ger, beloved eon of Lawrence and Mary
Felenger, and father of Gertie, Cloe, Clara,
Ellen and George Felenger, a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 41 . years 9 months and 19 days.
£7Frlends and acquaintances are respect,
fully invlttd to attend the funeral, which
will take place to-morrow (Friday), at Holy
Cross Cemetery, San Mateo County, at 12:46
o'clock.
FLAHERTY — In this city, November 4, 1903,
at the parents' residence, 24416 Perry street.
Katie, beloved daughter of Michael and
Bridget Flaherty, and elster of Michael E.,
Thomas, Mamie, Elsie and George Flaherty,
a native of Seattle, Wash., aged 0 years 2
months and 12' days.
GREEN— In the City and County Hospital,
November 2, 1903, Georgle Green, a native
of California, ' aged 17 years.
GRIMES— In this city, November 3, 1003,
James Lowry, beloved husband of Pamela
J. Grimes, and father of Virgil A.' Grimes
of Los Angeles and Dr. XV. L. Grimes of this
city, a native of Illinois, aged 76 years 8
months and 22 days.
HARRINGTON— In this city. November 4
1903. at h_ residence, 1C8 Perry street, near
Fourth, John M., dearly beloved son of the
late Hanora Harrington, and devoted brother
¦ of - Kitty, Mary and Louise Harrington a
native of Virginia City, Nev., aged 22 years
V months and 24 days.
E7"Notlce of funeral hereafter. . , .
HOLTUM — In this city, November 3 1903 '
Mary Jane Holtum, mother of H. B.> Holtum
of Wyoming. Geary L. Holtum, Mrs. J. L
Plnard and Mrs. E. J. Fox of San Jose a
native of Vermont, aged 68 years 8 months
and 12 days. (San Jose papers please copy )
B_Trlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Thursday-
November 5, 1903, at 2 o'clock, from her late
residence, 509 Van Ness avenue, thence to
Odd Fellows* Cemetery, Point Lobos avenue
where services will be held at 2:30 p. m '.
JUZIX— In this city, November 4, 1903* Leona
Juzix, beloved daughter of Mr. and Mrs L
Juzix, and sister of Marguerite, Gertrude*
Patrick, Gabriel and Helen Juzix, a native
. of . San Francisco. \gei 8 months and 13
days.
KRENZ— In Albuquerque. New Mexico, Octo-
F. J. Monahan, President.
MONAHAN & CO.,
(Inc.) w ';'* •—¦¦
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
2339-2341 Mission st. Telephone Mission 31.
F. J. Monahan, President
ADVEBTISE-TENTS.
jffpMTERS'
______B__BSQ___ __r_K___l I 8 _L ¦¦ fci
Positively cured by these
Iiittlo Pills.
v They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating- A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsl-
aiss, Bad Taste in the Month, Coated Tongua
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price.
OCEAN TRAVEL.'
e Steamers leave San Fran-
cisco as follows:
For Ketchlkan. "Wranjce!.
Juneau. Haines. Skagway.
etc.. Alaska— tl a. m.. Nov.
Change to company's steam-
ers at Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
csma. Everett. Whatcom — 11 >». m.. Nov. 7.
1 -. *». 22. 27, Dec. 2. — Change at Seattle to
this company's steamers for Alaska anrl G. N.
R>". : at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at
I * ancouver to C P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. I :'50
P. m.. Nov. « 12. is. 24 3O Dec. «; Corona.
1:SO p. m.. Nov. U. 15. 21. 27. Dec. 3.
For Los Angeles' (via Fort L03 Angeles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa. Sundays, 9- a. m.
¦ State of California. Thursdays, 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles <via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucoa. Port Harford tSan
Luis Oblspo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Day. » a. m. Nov ft. 17 2.". Dec. 3.
Bonita. 0 a. m.. Nov. 5. 13. 21. 2!). Dec. 7.
For Ensenada. Mafcrlalena Eay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Aitata, La Paz. Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
Rlicht is reserved to change steamers or sail-
ing dates.
TICKET OFFXC—S — 4 Xew Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street an.l
Broadway wharves.
Freight office. 10 Market street.
C. D. DL'N'ANN. General Passen^pr A?cnt,
10 Market street. San Francisco.
O. /?- <S_ /V. CO.
•'Columbia 1 * sails No. ». 1!>. 20. Dec. J). 1!».
20. "George W. Elder" sails, Nov. 14, 24.
Dec. 4, 14, 21. Only steamship line to PORT-
LAND, OR., and short rail line from Portland
to all points East. Through tickets to all
points, all rail or steamship and rail at LOW-
EST KATES. Steamer tickets include berth
and meals. Steamer sails foot of Spear st.
at It a. m. S. F. BOOTH. Gen. Ajet. Pass.
Dept., 1 Montgomery St.: C. CLIFFORD, Gen.
Agt. Freight Dept., 3 Montgomery
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW TOKK- SOUTHAMPTON— LONDON.
S.Louis. Nov.ll,9:3<> ami St.I'auI.Nov.2S.$»:.".(> am
N.York. Nov.21.9:."50 am) PhiIada..Dec.5.O::5O am
SPFPIil MHTirF t'ommenclng November 7,
JILViAL IIUUWL American Line steamers
will sail on Saturdays at 0:3o a. m. Instead of
on Wednesdays at 10:0O a. m. as heretofore.
Thestcamers will continue to sail on Saturdays
from Southampton at 12 o'clock noon and from
Cherbourg at 5 p. m.
ATLANTIC TRAWSPOET LINE.
New Tork — London Direct.
Mntka. .Nov.l4,l:3o pm| Mlnne'ha..Nov.2S, noon
Mlneaplls..Nov.21,7 amlMenomlnee. .P*>c.5,t> am
Only First-class Passengers Carried.
DOMINION LINE.
Boston — Quee-stown — Liverpool.
Cohimbus Nov. 12 Commonwealtn..N<>v. 10
Portland — —lrerpool— Short Sea Passage.
Canada Nov. 28;Cambroman Dec. 5
Boston Mediterranean ««*«
AZORES— N-APLES— GENOA.
Vancouver Saturday. November 21
BED STAS LIN_.
TXbw Tor_ — Antwerp — Paris.
VadId..N'ov.l4.1O:3O ami Zelnd..Nov.2S.lO:.10 am
Krnld..Nov.21.10:."?0 ami Finland. n*>c.5,10:30 am
WHITE STAS LINE.
Hew Tork — Qaeenstown — Liverpool.
Sailing Wednesdays and Fridays.
Majestlc.Nov.il, noonl Oceanic... Nov.lS,r> am
Celtic Nov. 13. noonl Oymrlc Nov.2i>,6 am
Armenian. Nov. 17.3 pm! Teutonic. .Nov.25. noon
C. D. TATLOR. Passenger Aitt. Pacific Coa»t,
21 Post st., San Francisco.
uCTI P__£S direct to the. **•&!__ a\U
iji V^ZORES. CIBBALTAR7*%a.l.V3
I _TAtolERS. MAR3EILL-S. GE.VOVXl I
MT MAPttS 6r ALCXAXDPiA ECYPT-1M
ROMANIC, Dec. 5," Jan. 16, Feb. 27, Apl. 9
REPUBLIC (new), Jan. 2. F«b. 13, Mar. 20
CANOPIC Jan. SO, Mar. 12
(Send for rates and Illustrated booklet.)
These steamers are the largest In Medi-
terranean service.
First class. $75 and |S0 upward, according
to date of salllns.
Boston to Liverpool Q H ..;!rtaw n
CRETIC Dec. 10. Feb. 11
•CYMRIC Dec. 24, Jan. 28. Feb. 23
First class. $63 upward. For plans, etc..
address
WHITE STAR LINE. 77-81 Stata St..
Boston, or to C. D. TATLOR. 21 Post •_
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Htogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc. No
cargo received on board on day of sailing.
S. 8. AMERICA MARU
• Tuesday. November 10. 1903
8. 8. HONGKONG MARU
Thursday. December 3. 1903
B. 8. NIPPON MARU (Calling at Manila)
Wednesday. December 30, 1JKXT
Via Honolulu. Round- trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage* apply at Com-
pany's office, 421 Market street, corner First.
• W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
oeeaDies.s.co. e«$Hi
S. S. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu, Nov. 7. II a.m.
S. S. SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney, Thursday, Nov. 19. 2 p. m.
8. S. MARIPOSA, for Tahiti, Dec. 1, 11 a. m.
4J.«mcmi-B«S.e3,Jlj!s..ricUtflffia,B43Sarwa
f^t82_LJ21H__tSL.Pl_U.7.Pi_!5lt
C0HPAGH1E eXHZ-ALX TBAH3ATLA5TIQUS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARI3. _*«^
Sailing every Thursday instead of <IS2S|il
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier 42, ¦*!*¦*"'
North River, foot of Morton street.
First-class ' to HJfcrre. $70 and upward. Ppo-
ond-class to Havre, $45 and . upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCT FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson- Building).
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue, San Fracnisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents. ¦
M— re I»l_ ad and Vallejo Steamer*.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
9:45 a. _., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday, 9:45 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leave Vallejo.
7 a. m., 12:30 and tt p. m. . ex. Sunday. Sun-
day. 1 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Fare, 60 cents. Tel.
Main 150$. Pier 2, Mission- st. dock. HATCH
BROS.
n_A_ ESTATG CITV— FOR gAljP »
„„_ SP_CK~_~CO^
CC7 MARKET ST. OPP. KEARNY.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS AND RENT
_..„ _ COLLECTORS.
FLLL CHARGE TAKEN OF PROPERTY.
SELECTED INVESTMENTS.
"WESTERN ADDITION CORNER.
1.0,000 — Annual rents $5172; beautiful modern
building: lot 87x85; pays over 10 per
ccm- rents $431.
JfonTHWEST CORNER.
f^O.OOO — 1S7:Cx137:C; gubstantial Improve-
ments; injured for $20,000: mortgage
$00,000 at 54 per cent can remain;
pays S per cent net.
SKCOND-ST. CORNER.
$*S,000 — One and a half blocks from Market
et. ; 47 feet front; cheapest downtown
corner to be had near Market St.; a
chance to make a turn at pood advance.
CHA*NCn FOR SPECULATORS.
?40,«K> — Lot K.'x27I>: 2 frontages; 10<5 rooms;
rents $350: 1 tcr.ant; can be easily
loafed at $*<*).
GOLDEN GATE AVE.
f 23, 500 — GoiJrn Gate, near Van Ness ave. ;
42x_t>; 2 frontages; renu S144; rents
can be increased to ?170; fine site for
apartment house.
POLK-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$20,000— Fiorc-s and lodging-house; rents $1C5;
lot 30 ft. frontajce; pays over 9 per cent.
51S.50O— Vicinity Haight and Scott; CS:!>x
137:<;: fine Improvements; rents 5140 a
month.
SANSOME-ST. CORNER.
• SKT'OO — Cutties corner; etorrs. bapement and
floor above; rects Sl<£; j.ays 11 per
ctr.t.
<»CTAVIA-ST. RESIDENCE.
$17.r.<X> — Choice location; 14 rooms and baths; |
S ixsJroomfs; lot 39x137 :« fprt.
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
|US,SOO— OTarrell et.. cast of Van Ne??; pays
10 per cent net by assuming $!»000 ;
bank mortgage; rents $115; lot 27:(*xl20 ;
foot : 2 frontages
WASHINGTON-ST. RESIDENCE.
$1."., COO — Modern 12-room residence; marine ]
view; building alone coot more than |
price asked: lot 40x12$ feet.
PINE-ST. CORNER.
fl2.r.OO— Southeast corner Pino and Webster
Ets.; <;2:CxlO0: splendid site for flats.
ELEVENTH ST.
Jin.r.00 — r.Ox200 feet; 2 frontages; olfl improve- |
ments: fine fite for storage, drayage or \
automobile garage paiinim.
$7.000 — Throe good flats in X£__oa; rents JC5 I
a month.
?C.5O0 — Thr«-«; fine flats; vicinity Eighteenth j
and Castro; rcntu $5S a month; lot i
25x125.
- $r>.noo— Four good fiat* in Mission: always
rc-.itod at $4S a month.
S.'.rnX* — Washington Ft.. rif-ar Spruce: lot ¦
C0xl27:SM: worth snout; want filter.
fl.400 — Corner lot near OoMea Gate Park; '
25x100 feet
SPECK ft CO.. 0C.7 Market Et.
XOSE3US cottngrr: flr.ifhed complete ¦with j
every convenience; easy terms; large lets.
4 room* — $29<>O.
*i rooms — 9355G.
T> rooms — $.:.".' 0.
6 room* — ?••'¦ ".
7 roona— $4100.
s rooms — $4G<0.
Looated on First and Second ave., bet. j
Qcary «nd McAllister Ft. oars and one block I
north of park. F. NELSON, builder.
HT'ILD on your unimproved realty: we loan ;
full M*t improv. ar.«l part lot at fi per cent, i
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building. [
FINE income flats on Pulton, nr. CHy Ha'.l; j
r»nsrnHb!e. Inquire 142 Fu'.ton ft., owner.
Hi; • 1. KSTATIS Co an try— -For S_le. j
NOTICE TO EMPLOYES.
A rare chance for parties earnir.? a small j
faiary to get thtrr.selvi-s a nice country i
home
f 400 — f 100 down. 525 a month, will buy 10 j
acres of choice citrus fruit, berry, table or i
win* grape lard in the Whitakc-r & Ray •
Colony, Sacramento County, IS miles from '
capital" of State.
2000 acres sold. l.VK) planted; good school ;
end cloee to railroad station. QUIGGLE, I
care WHITAKER - RAY CO.. 7U.J Market j
•t.; hours.. 9 to 10 a. in.. 4 to Z> p. m., or j
address box 15. Gait. |
HO A MONTH buys a ten-acre farm twelve !
mile* from Pat lament"; v.Tite for booklet: i
It's free. WRIGHT & KIMBROUGH. COS
I ft.. Sacrameruo. CaL ;
IF you war.t a stock ranch, (lain* Or colonlza- I
. ticn tract, write OH A P. W. COE _ CO.. 45 ¦
West Fanta ft.. Pan Jree. Cal. j
AI-T"AI-FA la_ da. stork ranches, on-hard*. !
vineyaris- inspected bargains; monthly cat*- I
l^FU^f pent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO., C4S j
Market st. !
FOR poultry and dairy ranches yielding a g«od
profit. HAMILTON & KF.NT'RICK.P* ta'.urra.
1'UIM RICHMOND UEAL, ESTATE. <
waTHU front lots and bargains: aJl tracts: J
mans r-h'"*" '*«•. T*T7__ 41" P3rr>->tt hlflc. j
j
DEAL KSTATIJ TO BXCHASGB.
OAKLAND properly to rschartm for a email i
ran^h 5n Sonoma nr Nara County, p C. '
U_SS_N & CO.. 4<v, TV-mh Ft.. Oakland. Cal. j
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
DO you wart to buy a lot? Do you want to j
l>u!ld r home? Do you war.t j lans made? '
Call "r ftddicaa J. H YOUNG. 1213 Park !
Ft.. AUtneda, Cal.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$3T.O— ACRE lot in University Heights, adjoin-
ing university grounds.
$4(ki — Jit-foot lot*, one block from car line;
factory *!«•: on water front and railroad,
W«t Berkeley; ?lo per front foot.
— — — I
3 acre*, near town line; 6-room house, well, I
barn, fruit trees, etc.; near electric cars:
$2U<iO; owner's health iEiling; must be Bold at
CHENEY & BERRY.
PoFtofnce Block, Berkeley.
$ 10,000— A GENTLEMAN'S home near the new
Country Club grounds.
F:ne house of 16 rooms, large stable*, etc.;
2l£ acres cf iand; worth seeing.
Apily to JOS. J. MASON. Heal Estate,
Berkeley rtatlon.
FOR exchange — Nice house of 5 rooms and
. »»th; lot 5<ixi:J5: tunny Bide of street; street
work all done; value f_V<X>; mortgage $1500;
will take country pror«erty fcr equity.
JOS. J. MASON. Real Estate, Berkeley
cta'ion.
J~J. MASON,
Real Estate and Insurance Agent.
Choir* Property a Specialty.
FE. cor. £hattu<k ave. and Center St.,
I! ..-:.. ;. y Cal
¦ " . ]
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
OAKLAND HOUSES FOR SALE. ~ ~~
tlCW>— Cottage of 6 room*, bath, brick founda-
tion, high basement; newly painted; lot
60 feet, runny side; well and suitable -
near San Pablo ave. and both ferry ser-
vices.
$2000 — Cottage of 6 rooms, bay-window, bath
and high basement; lot 37:GxlOO; sunny
aide; very central; street work all done;
blx sacrifice: rtnts for $1C.
$2500 — Cottage of 7 room*, bath, fine barn; lot
C"x:<'; one block from Broadway.
5700 — Choice building; lot. 35x127; Chestnut
et . between Sl'd and 34th; Immediate
vicinity of new ferry.
( 1500 — Cottage of 5 rooms and bath, high base-
ment; cloee to Ban Pablo ave. ; Bfreet work
all done: rents for fl4; eaEy terms for
payments. ;¦
$1000— Elegant home of 7 rooms. In course of
construction, near Telegraph ave.; 40 ft.
lot: Bee it new and have Jt finished up to
eult you. GEO. XV. AUSTIN.
1002 Broadway. Oakland.
2-6TORT new modern colonial home of 8
rooms; rear local train: In East Oakland;
very choice location; electric line In front;
etreet work all done; nice open lawn, gas and
electric lighting; rmall cash payment, bal-
ance monthly. GEORGE XV. AUSTIN. 1002
Broadway. Oakland.
$300 CASH. $7 5ft month; 3-room cottage;
outhouse, chicken-houae, fruit trees, etc.; '
.'Tie noil; away from fogs and cold winds; an
Ideal epot; close by la a nice school, church,
town hall, electric cars, etc., a. stone's throw
from this place; adjoining East Oakland; price '
fS50 In all.
$350 caeh, $8 50 monthly: cottage, 4 rooms '
and bathroom, pantry. clo*et, etc. ; good well
of pure water; chicken-house, barn, rmall '
fruit and flowers; an Ideal home; price fllOO.
Call or send for circular, 455 Seventh 8t., opp.
Broadway station, Oakland. Carriage free. .
.< H. Z. JONES. Owner.
Modern house. 9 rms.; stable; Mason & Hamlln !
organ. Before 12 m., 422 Orange «t., Oakland. .
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET. 8
BEFORE moving get my printed list of houses ,
to let. GEORGE W. AUSTIN. 1003 Broad- '
wsy. Oakland. "
OAKLAND FURMTCRE FOR SALE, j
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furnl- i
ture. H. BchtUhaaa, nth et.,cor.£tore,Oakln4,
ber SO, 1903. Emil A, Jr.. dearly beloved son
of Emil A. and Marie Krenz, and devoted
brother of Herman and Rudolph Krenz, the.
late Arthur Krenz and the late Mrs. A. R>
Ness, a native of San Francisco, ajred 26
years 0 months and 10 days.
(DTriends and acquaintances ar« respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
( Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
his parents, 1235 York street, between
Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth. Interment
• Mount Olivet Cemetery.
KURICH— In .this citv, November 4. 1903,
Jerome, dearly beloved husband of Magda-
lena Kurlch, and father of Antone Splro,
Peter and Dr. Ostrollo Kurlch, a native of
Kumlza, Dalmatla, Austria, aged 61 years
1 monthi and 4 days.
CTFrleTids and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday,
November 6. ot 10 o'clock, from hio late,
residence, 1919 Dupont street, thence to Sts.
Peter nnd Paul's. Church, corner Dupont and
Filbert streets, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 10:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
MESETH In Seattle, October 27, 1903, Charles
Meseth, dearly beloved son of ChrUtena and
the late Charles Meseth, and loving brother
of Samuel, Otto and Alfred "Meseth and Mrs.
A. G. Kllnert. a native of New York, aged
40 years 3 months and 10 days.
E7"Frien(Js and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
November 5, l!>03, at 10 o'clock, from Charles
J. H. Metzler's undertaking parlors. (KJtS
AVashtngton street. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, by electric funeral car from Eight-
eenth and Guerrero streets.
MlLLER— In the City and County Hospital,
November 4, 1003, Frank Miller, a native of
Germany, aged CO years.
O'NEIL — In this city, November 4, 1903, John
Eugene O'Neil, a native of Massachusetts,
aged 00 years 5 months and 0 days.
PARNOW— In this city, November 4, 1003.
Charles Domlnick. beloved son of Theodore
C and Madge A. Parnow, and brother of
Frank C. and Ubie J. Parnow, a native of
San Francisco, aeed 5 months.
PINKHAM— In this city, November 4, 1903,
Rernlce Plnkham. beloved daughter of the
•iRte George C. and Carrie S. Pinkham, sister
of Clifford and Lloyd Plnkham, and grand-
daughter of Mrs. K. F. . Gardiner and Mr.
and Mrs. John F. Pinkham, a native of
California, as<¥l 5 years G months and liJ
days.
SCHM1TT — In this city, November 4, 1903,
Georse dearly beloved husband of Catherine
Schmltt. a native of Baden, Germany.
SLATER— In this city, November 4, 190;?,
Daniel C, beloved husband of Jeanette Adele
Plaur and father of Neil, Marion and Ken-
neth S!oter, a native of Arkansas, aged 51
years and 1 month. .
STAFFORD-In this city, November 3, 1003,
Jane, beloved wife of the late William Staf-
ford and mother of Nicholas and John Staf-
ford Mra. L Duffy and the late Stephen and
Richard Stafford, a native of Drougheda,
' County Louth, Ireland, aged 40 years. (Wor-
cester. Mass., papers please copy.)
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
the United Undertakers, 8»'>0 Mission street,
between Fourth and Fifth, thence to Si.
Brendan's Church for services at 10:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
STOCKMANN— In this city, November 3, 1903,
August, beloved husband of Pauline Stock-
mann, and devoted father of Richard 'Stock-
mann, Mr« G. Wilkens and Mrs. H. Fuel-
ticher a native of Stettin, Germany, aged
75 years 0 months and 10 days. (New York
papers please copy.)
(CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tha funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 1 p. m., from the parlors of
H F Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Cy-
preRB Lawn Cemetery, by electric funeral car
from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
SWEENEY— In this city, November 4, 1903.
at the residence, 1723 Mission street, Cath-
erine i... wife of J. Sweeney, beloved mother
of Mary. John and James Sweeney, daugh-
ter of Ellen and the late Michael Callnghan,
and sister of James, Thomas and Martin
Callaghan. Mrs. E. O'Connor and Mrs. M.
Oalvin. a native of Tralee, County Kerry,
Ireland.
TAYLOR — In this city, November 3, 1903.
Benjaivln E.. dearly beloved husband of
Sarah F. Taylor, and father of Charles L.,
Benjamin H. and the late Frank L. Taylor,
. a native of Illinois, aged 63 years 7 months
and 21 days.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday) Rt 1:30 o'clock, from the Masonic
Hall South San Francisco, under the aus-
pices of South San Francisco Lodge No. 212,
F. and A. M. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, by carriage.
TUSTIN— In Peuria. 111., October 25, 1903,
Paul J. Tustin, beloved son of Fernando and
Mary Tus>tin, and brother of Mrs. J. F.
Jorohay. Mrs. - C. Strandbertr, Mrs. H.
Hughes ana Georse W. Tustin. a native of
San Francisco, aged 30 years 9 months and
1 day. ¦
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fullv invited to attend the funeral services
Friiiay. November 6, 1003, at 11 o'clock, at
the mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate
Undertaking Company, 2475 MUslon street,
near Twenty-first. I.-.terment Cypress Lawu
Cemetery. " "" **! ¦ ***¦ .. I
VON OESEN— In this city. November 3. 1903.
Dora, dearly beloved- wife of J. E. C. von
O€s»n, motr-er of Irma von Oesen. daughter
of Wllhelmlne and the late Diedrlch Becker,
and sister of Mrs. Aug. Hansen, Mrs. Emile
A Grvezlnger and Edna Becker, a native of
San Francisco, aeed 30 years 10 months and
8 day». ¦. . • . .," ••
KSTriends and acquaintances and mem-
bers of Walhalla Rebekah Lodge No. 130,
I. O. O F., are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Friday), at I
o'clock, from St. Markus Church. O'Farrell
street, between Franklin and Gough. Cre-
mation Odd Fellows* Cemetery. Please omit
flowers.
WATERS — In St. Mary's Hospital, November
3, 1903, Patrick, dearly beloved brother ot
Joseph Waters, Mrs. Mary Joyce and the late
Mrts. Annie Hanerty, a native of parish of
Louth. County Louth. Ireland.
(CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect,
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 8:45 a. m., from the funeral
parlors ot the Pacific Undertakers, 777 MIs-
" Fton street, thence to St. Patrick's Church,
where a solemn requiem maBs will be cele-
brated for th« repoce of his soul, commencing
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
WHtfTENHAVER— In this city. November 2,
lt'03, at his late residence. 121« Noe street,
Charles C, beloved husband of Belle Westen-
haver. and brother of Mrs. C. H. Westcott.
Mrs. M. )¦;. Jordan and D. M. Ramsey, a na-
tive of Clo.verdale, Cal., aged 43 years 1
month and 14 days. »
tCFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
at 1:30 o'clock, from the Advent Christian
Church, Church street, between Twenty-ninth
and Day. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery.
WOEPKE— In U.ls city, November 4, 1003.
Fred Woenke, beloved son of Fred and Georg-
Ine Wvenke, and grandson of Mr. and Mrs.
W. Ehrlnter, a native of San Francisco,
aged 3 months and 23 days.
ST. DOMINIC'S Church Building Association —
The monthly requiem high mass for the de-
ceased members of St. Dominic's Church
Building Association and for parents and rela-
.atlves of living members will be sung in St.
Dominic's Church Thursday at 9 a. m.
¦K_S— EO—B ____¦— B—B B— — O— C— __CHGB_B_I
FUNERAL NOTICE.
Office of the Grand Secretary, Grand
Lodge, F, and A. M., of California.
The Grand Lodge of Free and Accept-
ed Masons of the State of California will
hold a special communication in King
Solomon's . Hall, at the Masonic Temple
in this city, on
Thursday, the 5th inst, at
10 O'clock, a. m.,
for the purpose, of conducting the fun-
eral of our late esteemed and beloved
brother, the ,
M.W., MORRIS MARCH ESTEE
Past Grand Master of the Jurisdiction.
The Grand Officers, Past Grand
Officers and ; members thereof, and the
officers and members of the several
Lodges in this Jurisdiction are hereby
notified and requested to be in attend-
ance. ' * ' ¦ .
By direction of the Grand Master.
GEO. JOHNSON, Grand Secretary.Wedding cake boxes, wedding stationery. Ed
ward S. Knowles, 21 Second at.; Main 593. •
Elmer Miller waa convicted by a Jury
In Judge Dunne's court yesterday of a
charge of assault with a deadly weapon
and was ordered to appear for sentence
on November 9. During a fight at Twen
ty-fifth and Vicksburg streets on the
night of May 19 Miller seriously stabbed
Henry Sheihlng. a blacksmith, living at
t!H& Twenty-fifth street. - "
Elmer Miller Convicted.
Game Law Violators Punished.
Justice of the Peace Thorp of San Diego
fined S. KIrvan $40 yesterday for violating
the quail law. Justice of the Peace Aus
tin fined H. I. Clark $25 for having small
crawfish in his possession. Justice of the
Peace" Carpenter l of. Martinez fined G.
Veinelll $20 for having, undersized striped
bass in his possession. Justice of the
Peace Quinn of Oakland fined L. Petrich,
a fish dealer, $20, also for having under
sized striped basa in his possession.
Many mothers administer Plso'eCure when their
children have spasmodic croup. It Is effectual.*
The financial report of the Board of
Public Works for October was filed by
Cashier Donahue with that board yester
day. The receipts for various permits
were 815,20162. the largest In the history
of the office. The segregated receipts
were: One hundred and nlnety-slx Etreet
space permits, $3S80; 50 kettle permits,
$560; 36 sidewalk permits, $200; ,183 house
building permits, $1690 50; 146 side sewer
deposits, $5645; 5 house moving permits.
$600; advertising, $173; fees for engineer
ing, $1525 25; .miscellaneous,. $147 87." k
The disbursements of the' office were
$12,73330. '¦¦:¦:¦'¦¦;¦ ;-¦"¦ ¦&£*¦>£?
Cashier Donahue Files Monthly Re
port for October "With Board of
. i Works.
Joseph May, a bartender, living: at 139
East street, had a dispute with an un
known man at Clay and East streets early
yesterday morning over the result of the
election and blows were exchanged.'
During the fight the unknown man cut
May on the left wrist with a knife and
ran away. May went to the Harbor Hos
pital and had the wound stitched and
dressed.
Cut During a Fight.
REPORT SHOWS LARGE
RECEIPTS FOR PERMITS
Electrical elevator constructor In th©
Government Printing Office, December 3,
salary $4 per day, age limit 20 years or
over. Application form 1093.
Apply to the United States Civil Service
Commission, Washington, D. C, or to
the secretary of the Consolidated Board
of Civil Service Examiners, 301 Jackson
street, for application forms mentioned
above, which should be properly executed
and forwarded to the Civil Service Com
mission. Washington. D. C.
The United States Civil Service Com
mission announces that the following ex
aminations will bo held at San Francisco
during December: ,
Examiner of surveys. General Land Of
fice service, December 9-10, age limit 20
years or over, salary $5 per diem and ex
penses (fixed). Application form 1313.
Electrical mechanic In Government
Printing Office, December 2. age limit 20
years or over, salary $4 per day. Applica
tion form 1093.
Civil Service Examinations.
Many of the apartments of the hotel
also are to be remodeled, and paint and
kalsomlne are to be used unsparingly In
the betterment of the interior. The im
provements, according to the statements
of Manager Kingsbury, will necessitate
an expenditure of between $10,000 and $15,
000 and will consume several weeks' time,
at the end of which the hotel will be thor
oughly modernized.
Long contemplated improvements at the
Lick House, which could not be under
taken before owing to the crowded condi
tion of the city, have finally been Inaugu
rated and will result in a number of Im
portant changes In that establishment.
The first work to be started was In the
grillroom, on the main floor, which Is to
be converted Into a german room.
Interior of the Montgomery Street
Hotel Being Remodeled by
Manager Kingsbury.
John Traynor yesterday brought a suit
for the dissolution of the partnership that
has existed between him and W. J. Brady
since. April, 1889.. He alleges that Brady
has since they first established the Eu
reka Boiler Works converted something
like $17,000 of the firm's funds to his own
use and persistently refuses to account
for the money.
Charges Partner With Conversion.
To appreciate life comfort is an im
portant thing. With a gas range in the
kitchen and one of the small heaters for
use around the house a long stride has
been made toward securing happiness.
See them at San Francisco Gas and Elec
tric Company's, 415 Post street. •
MANY IMPROVEMENTS
AT THE LICK HOUSE
The Santa Fe Railroad is having rock
work of practically a similar nature done
on a basis of 75 cents per ton of 2000
pounds. In the bid under discussion' the
bidders take for a basis ..the long ton,
which is 2240 pounds, and. this would
bring up the value on. this ratio to 84
cents. It Is this difference between 84
cents and $1 09 that Is causing- the debate.
One hundred thousand tons of rock will
be required for the work. In the work
that the Santa Fe Railroad is having done
their contract does not call for any rip
rapping, while in the King street bulk
head this will be required at the water
line. But even with the additional cost
of this proposition it has not been made
clerfr to the Commissioners how such a
difference can exist between the lowest
bid offered by the contractors and the es
timate of the Commissioners' engineer.
Kirkpatrick could not understand this.
He' wanted It explained fully before he
could give any sanction to the awardment
of the contract.
The awarding of the contract for the
new King street sea wall bids fair to
bring up some lively discussions before
the Sea Wall Commission. Commissioner
Kirkpatrick, who has been away for some
time, was present at the meeting yester
day, and when the question was laid be
fore him he at once asked that the sub
ject be deferred for further consideration
until he could have ample time to look
into the matter. President Spear and Sec
retary Mackenzie concurred In this sug
gestion, and the question was laid over
until the regular meeting on next Wednes
day.
It appears that Lot D. Norton, the en
gineer for the Harbor Commissioners, had
estimated the cost of the improvements
to be $100,000. In response to bids to do
this work the Atlantic, Pacific and Gulf
Company put in the lowest bid, which was
$111,000. being $11,000 in excess of the orig
inal estimate.
Joseph Feld, the policeman who fatally
shot his father-in-law, Fritz Dirking, at
11 Fair ' avenue on Monday night, 'ap
peared, before Police Judge Fritz yester
day and was instructed as to his rights on
the charge of murder. When asked If he
had an attorney Feld replied in the nega
tive. The Judge continued the case for a
week and meantime the Coroner's inquest
will be held. Detective Ed Gibson will
swear to the complaint to-day. It was re
called yesterday that during a soldiers'
riot at the Presidio about two years ago
Feld was struck on the head with a club
or a cobblestone and was laid up for some
time.
Feld Has No Attorney.
Bids for Construction
Exceed Engineers'
Estimate.
NEW SEAWALL
CAUSES DEBATE
Daley Has a Record,
Richard Daley, who entered the resi
dence of Mrs. C. H. Ford, 161 Hawthorn
etreet, on Tuesday morning and stole a
brooch and other articles, has a criminal
record. Daley surrendered himself on
Tuesday night to the police in Oakland
and was brought across the bay by Detec
tive Ed Gibson, but as he was suffering
from an overdose of "dope." he was sent
to th«* Central Emergency Hospital till
he recovers. On February 11, 1879, Daley
¦was sentenced to pay a fine of $2000 for
burglary in the first degree and on Octo
ber 11, 1F33, he was sentenced to one year
for burglary. On March 28. 1S58, he was
sentenced to Ferve six months In the
Couuty Jail for having burglars' tools in
Jjis possession.
Judges Gilbert, Ross and Hawley, sit
ting as the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals, adjourned yesterday morning
out of respect to the memory of the late
Judge Morris M. Estee.
Respect for Judge Estee.
Acting Customs Collector William B.
Hamilton was notified yesterday by the
Secretary of the Treasury that the act
providing for the 'investigation of adul
terated food and drugs has been amended.
Under this provision the Secretary of the
Treasury has authority upon request from
the Secretary of Agriculture to direct
drawing by officers of the customs of
samples at any custom-house from orig
inal packages of imported food products,
drugs and liquors, and to refuse to deliver
to the consignee any such commodities as
the Secretary of Agriculture may report
to him as found, upon analysis, to be dan
gerous to health or which are forbidden
to be sold or which are restricted In sale
in the countries in which they are made
or from which they are exported, or
which shall be falsely labeled In any re
spect In regard to the place of manufac
ture or the contents of the package.
Adulterated Imports Barred.
Everything that is new. good and mod
erate priced in trunks, valises, dress-suit
cases and traveling sets now in stock.
All leather goods lettered in gold free
of charge. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Mar
ket street. •
Murphy was turned over to Sergeant
Ellis and I when searched Lewis' watch
and 13 50 In silver were found In his pock
ets. Murphy was booked on a charge of
robbery.
Murphy met Frank Lewis of the Peralta
dairy, North .Berkeley, In a saloon on
Kearny street, between Jackson street
and Montgomery avenue, about 8 o'clock
on Tuesday night. They had several
drinks together and shortly after 11
o'clock left the saloon. Lewis wanted to
catch the last ferryboat and they walked
down Jackson street. When they reached
East street Murphy threw Lewis against
a fence and, holding him with one hand,
went through his pockets with the other,
taking a gold watch and $2 50 In silver.
Lewis had $30 In gold In an inside pock
et of his vest and when Murphy unbut
toned his vest to get the gold Lewis
pulled himself together and grappled with
Murphy. Lewis was thrown to the
ground, but he continued to resist Mur
phy's efforts to take possession of his
gold and shouted for help. His cries
were heard by Robert Taylor, a watch
man on the water front, and Special Offi
cer D. Newman. They ran to Lewis' as
sistance and grabbed hold of Murphy.
Charles Murphy, a painter, 22 years of
age, who lived In a lodging-house on
Leidesdorff street, was arrested late
Tuesday night at East and Jackson
streets and booked at the City Prison on
a. charge of robbery. He appeared before
Police Judge Cabanlss yesterday and aft
er being instructed the case was contin
ued till Monday.
Willoughby Contest Dismissed.
The contest of the will of the late Cor
nelia Willoughby was dismissed yester
day, the heirs having settled their differ
ences out of court.
Charles Murphy,Painter,
Arrested on Charge
of Robbery.
A Visit to San Francisco
Without seeing the Diamond Palace
would be like visiting Europe without
seeing Paris. It is a leading feature of
San Francisco, and Is conceded to be
the most beautiful jewelry store In the
¦world. Visitors or purchasers are equally
welcome. 221 Montgomery street, be
tween Bush and Pine. •
PLAYS THE PART
OF BASE FRIEND
Creditors of Chons AVo, a Chinese fruit
packer and storekeeper of Pajaro, in Mon
terey County, field a petition yesterday in
the United States District Court asking
that he be declared an Involuntary bank
rupt. They allege that he owes more than
$15,000, and that on October 29 of this year
he committed an act of insolvency by suf
fering F. J. Bettencourt. George Cleveland
and other creditors to obtain a preference
over other of his creditors by means of
attachment suits on hrs property. Chong
Wo has left the country and his property
Is In the custody of a Justice of the Peace
In Pajaro. As the stock is of a perishable
nature the petitioning creditors ask that
United States Marshal John H. Shine be
placed In charge.
The latter petition has been taken under
advisement.
He Has Gone, and a Pajaro Justice
Has His Estate in
Charge.
CTHONQ WO'S CREDITORS
AFTER HIS PROPERTY
The women were not daunted by the
sight of blood and sailed into the fight
with vigor. Most of them came out badly
scratched and bleeding. During the pro
gress of, the melee every table in the
place was upset and nearly every dish
and article of crockery broken. Two or
three mirrors were shattered and both
glass doors were smashed.
Police Officer Connor heard the racket
and hastened to the scene/ Before he ar
rived nearly all who were able had taken
flight, but he succeeded in arresting Ben
jamin Wilson and Clarence Estelle and
charged them with disturbing the peace.
Both had been badly battered.
There were about forty people in the
house when a colored man entered and
seated himself at a table beside a whffe
man. The white man resented this and
was sustained by other Caucasians. Then
several colored men and women who
were seated by themselves in the rear of
the eating house arose and the fight was
on. About twenty people who did not
care to participate made for the street,
while the others remained and took a
hand in the hostilities. Coffee cups, cat
sup bottles and fists were the principal
weapons. j.
A race war broke out in Lund's restau
rant, at 215 Grant avenue, early yester
day morning, and before Police Officer
Robert Connor, who ran to the place,
could interfere, several heads were ,cut
with bottles and coffee cups. Two arrests
were made. The trouble was between
negroes and whites and was fast and
furious while it lasted. Not only were
men "engaged in the fracas, but women
took a hand and fought with all the fe
rocity of their male companions. When
the trouble ceased the restaurant was in
a sorry condition. More than $100 damage
had been done.
Discussing the decision yesterday, Pres
ident Arthur Holland and General Coun
sel Tirev I,. Ford of the United Rail
roads stated that the press dispatches
were simply a repetition of the advices
the company had received, and they add
ed that while the advance in wages would
materially add to the company's expenses
and possibly lead to some retrenchment
the company will abide by the decision
and readjust its pay schedule as soon as
possible.
The demand of the men was for an
advance in pay of 33Vs per cent, but they
will receive but 10 per cent, or about 2
cents additional on each trip, which, how
ever, will mean something like $2 75 a
day for those who have been in the ser
vice of the company for more than two
years and $2 62Vfc for those who have
served a shorter period. No decrease in
the hours Is granted- by the arbitrators,
but in the extra allowance of pay the
conductors and gripmen feel that they
have gained at least one important point
and the more desirable one of the two
for which they contended. The decision
of the board is effective until May 1 next
year, and in the meantime there Is little
likelihood of any further trouble.
Yesterday morning's dispatches convey
ing the news that the board of arbitra
tion had granted an advance of 10 per
cent in the pay of men who had been
in the employ of the company for two
years and an Increase of 6, per cent to
those who have served less than that
period were read eagerly by the men, and
especially by those who, under an agree
ment made at the beginning of the arbi
tration, will receive extra pay from May
1, the date upon which the advance is
effective. Under this ruling a large num
ber will receive sums ranging from $20
to $40, which the company will pay to
them at the end of the present month.
General satisfaction exists among the
members of the Carmen's Union over the
decision handed down by the board of
arbitration in the case concerning the dif
ferences of the carmen with the United
Railroads. Although the men were not
awarded all that they appealed for, Presi
dent Cornelius stated yesterday that they
would abide strictly by the findings of the
arbitrators.
The order authorizes the Union Iron
"Works to borrow from time to time such
moneys as It may require in the conduct
of its business, and to pledge or assign
the personal property In its possession to
the lender of such moneys and the mon
eys due to It on contracts. The Union
Iron Works may make new contracts and
take new orders for work. Either party
or the receiver, or any party directly in
terested in the property or having liens
thereon "may from time to time apply to
this court for modification of this order
and decree, or for orders or decrees sup
plemental hereto or amendatory hereof."
CONTROLS ITS PROPERTY.
Nothing herein contained shall be held to
impair the title or possession by, or of. the
Union Iron Works of its present cash, billa
or accounts receivable, materials now on hand
or ordered, or which may hereafter be ordered
or received for completion of contracts, or en
tered Into, or amounts due, or to come due on
account of such existing; contracts, or to give
the receiver control of them or any rl*ht or
title thereto; all of which assets shall be held
as the Individual property of the Union Iron
Works, subject to the rlg-hts, liens, equities
and Interests of the creditors of the corpora
tion. Nor shall anything: In this order con
tained molest or interfere with the business
operations of the Union Iron Works as the
same are now being conducted.
It is further ordered that the receiver
do not transfer or cause to be transferred
into his own name any shares of the
capital stock of the Union Iron Works
until further order of the court, and he
is restrained from transferring upon the
books of the Union Iron Works any
shares of its capital stock standing in the
name of the United States Shipbuilding
Company, or in the name of any person
holding the same in trust for that com
pany. He is also restrained from voting
the stock. The order goes on to say:
MAY NOT TRANSFER.
Judge Morrow's order filed yesterday
afternoon ratifies the appointment of Re
ceiver James Smith Jr. and goes on to say
that the present application for the deliv
ery to the receiver of possession of the
land, plant, buildings, machinery, tools
and personal property leased to the Union
Iron Works by the United States. Ship
building Company for the term of one
year, expiring on August 11, 1903, is denied
on account of pending contracts on war
vessels in the United States. The order
allows the works to retain the property
until the completion of the vessels now
under construction.
Mr. Lindley added: "Its existence is
merely perfunctory, yet it is engaged in
the manufacturing business, building all
classes of ships and other machinery, and
the most urotltable of Us work is" t.nat
with which the Government has no con
cern. If there was any beneficial interest
resting in the Union Iron Works as ; t
corporate entity, the receiver is the sole
owner of all the stock of the company
arn should be permitted, in his capacity
of stockholder, to control its manage
ment, but under the order presented by
Mr. Pillsbury there is no one to whom
the Union Iron Works Company can ac
count for the profits, and unless the re
ceiver Is recognized, the business may be
wrecked in the Interest of the parties
who wrecked the United States Shipbuild
ing Company."
Mr. Lindley said of the Union Iron
Works Company, quoting the words of
Judge Beatty: "It has a respectable
name, but its condition is that of. genteel
poverty."
A RESPECTABLE NAME.
NOT PERMITTED TO BOBROW.
Mountford Wilson said that it had been
shown at the hearing' that the receiver
was not permitted to borrow money in
this Jurisdiction. The banks wanted to
be able to rely upon the accounts collect
able and the stock of goods on hand as
their security, knowing that the Union
Iron Works will have possession and con
trol of those and other accounts when
they come in.
Mr. Pillsbury said that the Bath Iron
Works was in exactly the same condi
tion as the Union Iron Works and he- had,
therefore, in the order presented to Judge
Morrow, followed the exact language of
Judge Putnam in that case, except with
regard to two 'or three matters stated by
Judge Beatty In his decision.
Curtis H. Lindley informed the court
that the order as prepared by Mr. Pills
bury had eliminated the profits of the
general business and Mr. Pillsbury replied
that it had been shown by the testimony
that there would be no profits Until the
present contracts were completed.
"in the meantime," continued Mr.
Pillsbury, "the Union Iron Works has to
borrow large amounts of money to keep
going. The testimony has not shown
that there will be any profits for a year
or more. I am afraid that if an account
ing should be ordered now it would in
ject a complication into the situation.
It might affect the financial standing of
the Union Iron Works.- I understand
that the banks are ready to advance
money on the condition that the status
quo be maintained."
marks before Judge Morrow, said that he
had framed the order In accordance with
Judge Beatty's decision and to allow the
corporation to borrow money on its as
sets. He said that the receiver wa« not
prepared to furnish the money and that
the banks In this city desired to have tho
local status established before they would
be willing to advance any money to the
Union Iron Works people. k
Mr. Pillsbury, in the course of his re-
As the result of an elaborate discussion
In the chambers of United States Circuit
Judge Morrow an order was promulgated
yesterday affirming the appointment of.
James Smith Jr., as receiver of -the Union
Iron Works in the suit of Roland R.
Conklln and others against the United
States Shipbuilding Company and others.
The order prevents the receiver from In
terfering with the Union Iron Works
Company, which has a lease of the works
from the United States Shipbuilding
Company. The order was drawn by E. S.
Plllsbury, representing the Union Iron
Works Company, and gives that corpora
tion all that it demanded and was enti
tled to.
Extra Money Due Employes
to Be Paid Fromp^ly
by Company.
Receiver Smith Restrained
From Interfering With
Local Industry.
Eating House Badly Damaged
and Two Arrest3 Are
the Resul;.
Judge Morrow Makes an
Order in the Steel I
Trust Case.
Negroes and Whites
Conflict While at
Supper. .
Decision of Arbitration
Board Settles All
Differences.
IRON WORKS MAY
BE UNHAMPERED
RACE WAR RAGES
IN RESTAURANT
CARMEN WILL
ACCEPT RULING
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1903.
14
HALE'S. J HALE'S.
w 9 or r^ ers «
jjBj -^r^^ Indian Seed Beads, tmall sizes 10c bunch,
4£B *t£*'^"1?ftn Gl)Ol>&^^^ lareer aizes 17c.
ww»»s*»- Indian Bead Looms. 23c and 43c.
Steel Beads. 9c bunch.
i . -.»"•»¦"'«'-« Gold Beads. 15c bunch.
RAnninffC i\\ Y\f\\€* Q Silver Eeads. 15c bunch.
DCUUUI^d O.I 11C1.1C ». BattenberB Braids. In all number* 23c
Housekeepers who want ' or * * lece of , 3G fl yards -
j cu * a Hi' I,.*,. On the second floor we open this
good Sheets, good Blankets, morn ; n g
good Comforters, will find Xew Art Booth,
them at Hale's. It's the good In it you win find some o{ the
qualities we sell that gives US cleverest leather novelties seen this
such a big Slice of the city's season worked up in the Indian and
bedding trade. Our prices C^ e e S n e dai eSI S% 5 o. ,1.
need no' argument Opera Bacs. 49c and $1.
neea HO argument. Leather Pillow Tops. $1 49. $2. $2 63.
Let them Speak : Leather Picture Frames, with pictures.
$1 10 Comforter, are for double beds: they %%% Bew = *"«* ">r present,; 05c
weigh 6 lbs; covered with pretty sllkolina "
and wool tufted. They would be good
value at $1 35. up to $25. Cnrrf^rf
$2 Pillows. They're really worth $2 BO VUIiCtL O Id llUIlCry •
compared to the average pillow; the usual T -»f_,. t>^ • /-^^i <-r»^*^ K..*
size. 22x28 Inches: weigh 3 lbs; covered It iViay -tSe 1U LjOOCI I aSte, DUt
with fancy art ticking and filled with a Qfi'11 W»r Hr\ci- TT-v-tt-a
good grade of goose and down-mixed oun -\ul UUSC HXira.
inK?£d spread, for bra,, bed,. Some Here's a French dimity society
new designs are being shown this week, note paper in the new blue, new gray
The covers ar»»cut and fringed. The O r white, with the new square flap en-
erocheted ones are $1 50. $2. $2 25, $3. .t. n .. _,,„. : n _,.__., „._,, __ j
$3 so. The satin quilts are W. $2 23. *3. *elope, new in every nay and only
$3 50. 30c a box.
White Wool Blankets. $5. $6 so. $7 50. $10. Here's a hemstitched note paper,
not folded. It lies flat in the shallow
WnmPn'c I InHpnVP^r D0X Ke handkerchiefs; a very clever
vvumen *> unuerwedr idea; new bIue Rray> new Iav _
Here are some good gar- ender and cream. 50c a box.
ments, and the prices are not C> r if you prefer buying it by the
uipU . pound, here s a royal velvet, linen
& • or satin finished, 20c Ib.. and in
35c — White fleece-lined cotton vests the new French lawn in the new
and pants; value 50c. fiber effect at 25c Ib.
39c — Underwear: heavy ribbed, silver Engraved initials stamped on any
gray, part wool vests and pants, paper. 10c quire.
Value 50c Visiting cards, in the old English
45c— Oneita union suits, heavy rib- or script style. 50c per hundred.
bed, natural gray or ecru; nicely
made and well finished. I-. Jl/I «i cir* *Tr»=. Fin^r
50c— Garments; heaw ribbed and in J'lUilC 1 U^Vtly.
shaped, natural gray wool vests and "Anona" — Two-step; Mabel
mnt« Vnlm. T-r ¦* r> McKinley's favorite,
pants. Value 7 a c. | O^» "Alone"— Lee Johnson's latest.
* v - /v ' "Any Rags?" — A new coon
Open Saturday T . so^ . ,. f r -
r . There are three big hits at one lit-
EiVeningS. tie price, 18c. on sale in music room
•Beginning next Saturday. Novem- (second floor) this morning.
ber 7, the Hale store will remain Jn *->* . ~
open Saturday evenings till Christ- 49C Mannel UOWHS.
mas. Women's.
Christmas selling has started early. But look at the quality of the flan-
We are ready early. nel. It's good tennis flannel in. blue
McCall's December Fashions in and pink stripes, collar and cuffs
magazines and patterns came in yes- plain color; yoke is square. Sizes
terday. 14, 15. 16 and 17.
Empire Fans 50c, 75c and $1.00.
Marceline silk fans. They have decorated enameled sticks and orna-
mented with hand-painted floral designs as well as spangles.
75c and $i.oo ones have fancy lace tops.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
J WIDTH
1 4 feet 4 inches.
I LENGTH
I 5 feet 5 inches.
I These are the dimensions of the
smallest and only perfect of all
small Grands-.
• "THE QUARTER GRAND."
fi 01 EB jtfTjJk fl ESS I5BV Q &B
il IP GlryLl m ftir^?
IDEAL TONE
PERFECT CONSTRUCTION
SUPERB FINISH
Benj, CUI*taZ & s ons
SOIiE AGENTS
(Curtaz Building 1 ),
16 O'FARRELt STREET, S. F.
NEWMAN & LEVINSON.
Kearo j and Setter Sts.
LADIES' AND CHILDREN'S (£.?=?£)
WINTER UNDERWEAR
Our stock of Knitted Underwear is now at its best. We
have Vests, Drawers, Tights and Combination Suits in all
grades and weights from both Europe and America. A most
comprehensive showing of thoroughly dependable garments
— and prices -ire most moderate — as to-day's specials show.
Ladies' Ribbed Vests, made of best Ladies' Swiss ribbed unshrinkable
quality fleeced cotton, pants or Merino Union Suits, Jong sleeves,
tights to match, per gar- _ n ankle length, fine im-^- n _
ment OUC ported quality, per suit. $«I.UU
Ladies' Fine Ribbed Unshrinkable Children's ribbed Union Suits, for
Merino Vests, in white or gray, winter wear, made of best quality
Pants to match, worth et nrx maco cotton, all sizes, ei __
$1.25 each, at 51. UU special, per suit $I.UU
Ladies' Ribbed Merino Tights, in Children's ribbed Merino Union
black, white or gray; knee or Suits, long sleeves, ankle length,
ankle lengths; extra C)Cft all sizes, value $1.50 suit e| o _
value, per pair 51. bU at ...T.51.25
Ladies' Dressing Sacques
(Third Floor. Kearny Street)
What lady dors not enjoy the comfort of a Dressing
Sacque ? Those offered to-day are the kind you'll like —
made of good, serviceable eiderdown in the newest styles —
it's easy to own one at these prices.
Dressing Sacques made of good Dressing Sacques made of all wool
quality ripplr eiderdown, edge ripple eiderdown, sailor collar
neatly crocheted, trimmed C| nn j handsomely appliqued, C| _ rt
with frogs, special at... Ol-UU fitted back,' special at .. 51. 5U
Eiderdown Sacques, with handsome Eiderdown Sacques, with large
appliqu; collar, crocheted edges, collar and bell sleeves, trimmed
colors, red, gray, pink and ( o _ ! with neatly stitched sat- ~ ftft
blue, splendidvalue at. .51.25 I in bands, all colors, at. 52.00
Holiday Cushion Tops
{Second Floor, Kearny Street)
Come to our Art Needlework Department for your Cushion
Covers. Hundreds of new designs are here for you to choose
from — many found only in our establishment. Here are two
special values :
At 25c Each At 40c Each
Cushion Covers, tinted and out- Handsome Gobelin Tapestry
lined for working, in smoker, Cushion Covers, all ready for
holly, carnation, clover, basket use^ — choice floral, conventio' -»!
of cherries, pine cone, corn flower, and figured designs, in ? '
acorn, floral and conventional de- large assortment of pretty
signs. I ors.
Sale of Boys' Sweaters
(Third Floor, Kearny Street)
An exceptionally fine lot of Boys' Fancy Sweaters go on
sale to-day — they are ali entirely new, made of good quality
wool, in navy blue, red and green, with the neatest of fancy
stripes — all sizes, 4 to 14 years — your choice of them <r 1 np
while they last at, each 4) I .Z0
Beautiful Ribbons 25c a Yard
(First Floor, Kearny St.)
These charming Novelty Ribbons cannot be matched any-
where at this price — they are all fine qualities, pure silk, 3^
inches wide, in exquisite Dresden designs — suitable for neck,
bodice and millinery purposes. If bought in the regular way
they could not be sold for less than 35c and 40c a yard nr
— your choice to-day at £uu
Wail Orders Receive Prompt and Careful Attention.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
As Well as Women Are Kept
Off the Operating Table by
Electro-chemistry.
ICE.. PETER C. AHTDERSON.
Fezmi Grove P. O, Cal.
"Arter four years' suffering from loss of blood
from my bladfler. caused by a bleeding tumor
• c<l after many doctors had failed to cure me'
I was sent to a hospital in Ban Franctaco to be
eperated upon. I wa» to w*ak from lots of
blood that the hospital Burgeon Informed my
wife that there waj little chance to save my
i!fe. It wm decided that before undergoing
the dangerous eurpica! operation It would be
best to try the Eleetro-Ch»mlc treatment bo
tty wife took me to the Electro-Chemlc Instl-
*ate. 1J8 Grant avenue, and placed me under
the mertro-Chemic treatment. In three
months' time 1 was perfectly cured. The losn
of blood had etopped, I had regained my lo«i
flesh and strength and I was able to do my
beavy work In the hay fields."
CEigned) PETER C. ANDERSON.
Penni Grove P. O Cal
CONSULTATION f- r± jr- g-
X-RAY EXAMINATION B I%L_|_
Specialties — Ccmsnmptlon, Catarrh,
Bronchitis, Asthma, Cancers, Tuniors.
! Deafness, Bead and Ear Noises, Khen-
snatlsm. Paralysis, Neuralgia, Plies.
¦Diseases of the Stomach, Liver, Kidneys
and Bowels, Special Diseases of Men and
Womea. All Chroslo Diseases.
HOME TREATMENT— If you lire at a dis-
tance, try to come for a personal examination.
If you can't come, write for Instructions for
home examination and treatment.
ELECTRIKHEiC INSTITUTE,
118 GRANT AVE.. Cor Post St..
SAN FRANCISCO.
Offlc* Hours — 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. and 7 to 8 '
p. m. dally: Sundays, 10 a. m. to 1 p. m.
Ecs&rat* apartmeau lor ladies aad gentlemen. ;
69 fc^ \fm V^^^^^^^^^TSaL^^^^^T^ttaS
Ba Ed If Vi |M 9 E^*3 9 Bi *« t'A
ifX ' . v/ ' m M I II n N k El
39 STOCXTO2T STBEET.
Telephone Mais 5522.
TVe are making It a study to cater to tho
wants of our many patrons in furnishing
them with the best quality goods at the
lowest possible prices.
Thursday, Friday and Saturday Specials.
CREAMERY BUTTER, per square. .43c
Regr. 45c. Our butter sales are an lm-
FANcTeASTERN E6GS, per dozen 30c
Reg. S5c. Every egg guaranteed.
Kona Coffee, roast or ground, per Ib 20c
Regr. 25c. Housewives galore are
waiting for this coKee eale.
COVE OYSTERS, large tins, 3 for :50c
Reg. 23c can. Small, delicious oysters;
Booth's Baltimore.
Santa Barbara Olive Oil, Lmln bo *:4o1
Regr.. large. S3c: small. 50c. Immense
quantities sold will prove Its purity.
CALIFORNIA PRUNES, per Ib 5c
Ree. "?4c. The German type; larga size
Citron, Orange and Lemon Peel, Ib.l5c
Refr. 20c. Fancy new stock.
MACKEREL, good sizs, each 10c
Reg. 12^c. Caught on the Irish coast.
DOOR MATS, special 45c,60c,70c,85c
Reg. 60c. 75c. 85c. $1. Oood quality;
Just in time for rainy season
Chicken Cock Bourbon, bot 75c, gal $3
HERmTtAgVryE, per bot 90c
Heg. $1.25.
ZINFANDEL, per gal 60c
Reg. 75c. Extra quality.
ITALIAN VERMOUTH, psr bot.... 50c
Reg. 65c.
"We make a. specialty of family liquors.
Purity absolutely guaranteed.
Baby's bright eyes, rosy
cheeks, firm flesh and sound
limbs are the results of using
Mellin's Food.
You will be glad that you sent for a sampl«
of Mellin's Food when you »ec how eagerly
baby takes it.
MELLIN'S FOOD CO.. BOSTON. MASS.
g You Read
\ |F NOT BUY YTJP
.^v.-.--^ ¦-¦»¦ x '¦'¦ ¦ ¦ '• .¦.' .^
For Stomach Disorders
Gout and Dvsoepsla
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
A, VIGU IE& CO. e San Francisco.
! MARKS BROS.
I SALE °f
i Mercerized Sateen
d(^*^ ir.^^' u "ir^^ '"tt"^ jCb*"^
Skirt as Illustrated, will give
excellent wear, made w.th two
narrow ruffles A good 75c value
j r i -i p Black Mercerized Sa-
il I f H R tccn Petticoats, 12-
ni i wu inch lined flounce, fin-
ished with two narrow ruff.es.
A good $1.00 value.
linn Black Mercerized Pet-
AT H K R tlcoats, splendid qual-
m uuu | t y O f sateen, bottom
of skirt formed of a six-inch ac-
cordeon plaited flounce finished
with narrow ruffle. Deep dust
ruffle. A good $1.25 value. Same
style to be had In Black and
White Polka Dot Patterns.
< liDl ft fl Black Mercerized
fll.\ . / Sateen Petticoats.
n I V 1 1 £ U decp f| Ounce form-
ed of several rows of cording, fin-
ished with ruffle, trimmed with
2 rows of fagoting. Same style
to be had In Black, and White
Polka Dot patterns.
At 39c
Women's 75c Knit
Petticoats.
To be had In all the desirable
colors. A warm and comfort-
able garment for winter wear.
On special sale In center aisle.
Green Trading Stamps Given
With Every Purchase.
Mall Orders Given Prompt
Attention.
Marks Bros.
"HONEST VALUES"
i 1220-1222-1224 Market St
Bet. Taylor and Jones. .