to-day reduced from 1 per cent
to one-half per cent, thus setting at rest
a matter which has agitated Wall street
and financial circles generally for many
« yEW YORK, Oct. 6.— The divi-
¥ dend on the common stock of
J^W the. United States Steel Corpor-
A ' V ¦ ation for the last quarter was
Marked Decrease
in Volume of
Business.
STEEL TRUST IS FORCED
TO REDUCE THE DIVIDEND
ON ITS COMMON STOCK
Continued on Page 2, Column 4.
Ore Is of Peculiar Quality and Is Re
, ported to Assay as" High as ,
$6000 per Ton.
SILVER CITY., N. M./Oct. 6.— TheTre is
a great deal , of .excitement in Silver, City
and/ the surrounding country' ove'r a phe
nomenal 'gold " strike at Gold Gulch,, ten
miles; northeast of here. The ore is of. a
peculiar, quality and has not , yet been
classified, although some experienced min
ers ¦ maintain it ' is ': : telluridj. . . Assays* as
high as $6000 per ton are reported
PHENOMENAL GOLD STRIKE
IS MADE IN NEW MEXICO
Admiral Evans, with; four vessels of the
United States squadron, arrived at Yoko
hama as the steamer Shinano Maru sailed.
VICTORIA, B. C, Oct. 6.-The steamer
Shinano Maru, which arrived to-day
from Yokohama, brought news that the
situation In Japan was regarded as most
critical at the time of her departure. Offi
cers of , the steamer, tell of Increased
movements of soldiers, and A. M. Knapp,
editor of the Japanese Advertiser, says
that Japan had been pouring troops into
Korea. Japan was preparing for war, he
says, and If it comes would not be taken
unawares. Russia was also continuing
warlike preparations and, according to re
liable reports from Manchuria, did not
intend to evacuate. the contrary,
troops were beinc hurried in, and the
tourist travel had been stopped on the
Russian Transcontinental Railway.
The Japanese fleet was concentrated off
Sasebo, Korea, and every vessel'of Japan
was in commission. The war feeling was
very keen throughout Japan, and Mr.
Knapp says were* it not for the fact that
Japan feels that the opinion of Great
Britain must be reckoned with in consid
eration of : the Anglo-Japanese alliance
war would have _been declared before now.
It would surprise jio one resident in
Japan, said the Yokohama editor, to hear
that war had been declared any day, and
in this connection it was a significant fact
that the Japanese transportation staff
were securing large amounts of equipment
for" winter transportation.
Japan and Russia Reported to Be
Ominously Active. ,
PREPARATIONS FOR WAR.
weeks. To quote a very, high authority
In the affairs of the corporation, "the ac
tion of the board was unanimous and was
caused by the falling off of business."
This is borne out V-the financial state
ment issued shortly after the meeting.
The statement shows a decrease of $4,642,
068 CSeptember estimated) for. the third
quarter of the calendar year, compared
with the same period last year, and a
decrease of $4,239,487 compared with the
preceding quarter' of this year. On Octo
ber -1, 1902, the corporation had unfilled
orders .for 4.843,000 ..tons on hand. This
year the unfilled orders on the same date
amounted to 3,728,324 tons. .
The official statement of net earnings
for the quarter (September estimated)
shows: July, $12.3S4,647; August, $10,819,
174; September, $9,000,000.
The course of steel common recently
clearly Indicated .that to-day's cut has
been largely -discounted.-- In fact, wagers
that the dividend .would- be reduced were
plentiful recently and there were predic
tions that It would be passed completely.
Nevertheless to-day's action came as a
surprise to many who argued that it
would be Impolitic to make any change
at .this particular time. .
The Importance of .to-day's meeting,
which was preceded by of the finance
committee,' was emphasized by the at
tendance of", nineteen of the twenty- four
directors, including j". P. Morgan, whose
presence. at these meetings has been very
rare. jV Among the absentees were John
D. Rockefeller and his "son, John D. Jr. ;
William H. Moor and Marshall Field of
Chicago. The absence of the Rockefellers
was the subject of some comment, be
cause of the rumors industriously circu
lated for weeks past that the Standard
Oil faction had arrayed .itself against
Mr. Morgan and his friends and would
hold out for a reduced dividend. The
unanimous action of the board on this
point, however, disposed of these rumors.
The regular dividend of 1% per cent on
the preferred stock was declared. This
dividend is payable on November 16. The
dividend on the common stock is payable
on December 30.
The statement for the nine months gives
the total net earnings, after monthly de
ductions for repairs, renewals, mainte
nance and interest on bonds and fixed
charges of the subsidiary companies, . as
$94,014,836. Deducting amounts ;for sink
ing funds on bonds of subRidlary com
panies and. depreciation and reserve funds
brings the net earnings down to 582,211,692.
A further ' deduction of interest on the
corporation's bonds, including the sinking
funds, leaves a balance of $65,978,217. Divi
dends- on the .. preferred and common
shares for the , nine - months aggregate
$36,629,475, leaving a balance of undivided
profits or surplus for that period of
$29,348,742.
Trading in the steel- stocks was the
chief feature of the mancet to-day. The
common stock sold as low as lo^, ad
vanced a full point from that figure and
closed at 17%, a fractional net gain. The
preferred" stock, on heavier > transactions,
sold as hisrh as 66. : but closed at 64%,'- a
one : point gain on the day. Dealings In
the sinking fund bonds were in very large
volume, the price ranging from 71 -to 72%.
A - little', more ; than three ', months ago, 4
just before the last rejjular dividend on
steel common was declared, that: stock
sold around. 40. Since then It has sold as
low as 14%.-
Sensational Inci
dent at Ventura
Depot.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BURNS, Or.. Oct 6.— In a bloody battle
fought in the wilds of Harney County,
John Santon, a. prominent attorney of
Burns, and John West, -were shot dead
• by John Frost, alias Harry Egbert, a fu
gitive burglar wanted in Roseburg. The
two victims had been sworn in as special
t>eputy Sheriffs and were attempting to
capture the desperado.
Egbert, who is an ex-convict, having
• served time in the Salem, penitentiary,
had once been arrested by. Santon, but
pave him the slip and escaped. He eluded
the officer from September 23 to October
' 4*,. on which day Santon and Jack West
<-ame up ¦with him at the ranchhouse of
Charles FleJds In Wild Horse Valley, 123
miles south of Burns.
BATTLE IN A HOUSE.
Egbert and his wife were in the house
alpne and as the two pursuers approached
Egbert opened fire with a rifle from be
hind a corner of the building. West
turned to run and the second shot struck
him in the back and he fell paralyzed.
Banton kept Egbert'6 corner covered with
his rifle and Egbert climbed into the house
through a window.. Santon dashed in at
the door and Egbert's .. wife fled to the
woods.
PSanton dropped his rifle, drew a revol
cr and with this weapon fought his
death struggle. Egbert had his rifle and
the two kept firing at each other through
a thin board partition. Santon was shot
through the right shoulder, but kept up
the battle, using his left hand to fire his
pistol.
. Egbert finally withdrew to the upper
story. West then called Santon from the
' house to bring him a drink of water. San
ton seems to have gone twice to the
spring before the murderer concluded to
kill him. Then as he turned away from
the dylnc "West, he was shot through the
center of the breast.
OUTLAW BIDES FREE.
After the double killing Egbert went on
foot to a ranch five miles away and de
manded a horse to ride. The farmer re
fused to give him an animal and the des
perado took what he wanted at the muz
zle of his gun and rode away. Since then
jio word has been heard of him.
• Sheriff Allen, the Coroner and a new
posse are now in the vicinity and will
make a close chase. Messages have been
wTred in every direction, but Wild Horse
Valley Is pne of the most isolated re
gions on the Pacific. Coast and the start
Egbert has will give him a good oppor
tunity to escape. He is supposed to be
near the California boundary line, headed
for Modoc County, where he has relatives.
The body of Santon has been brought
in to the morgue here. A reward of 5500
was Immediately offered by the Harney
County Court for Egbert's capture, dead
or alive.
GOVERNMENT OFFICERS
FUGITIVES FEOM JUSTICE
MANILA, Oct. 6.— George Herman, chief
Inspector, and C. J. Johnson, constabulary
Eupply officer, both stationed at Mlsamis,
Mindanao, whose accounts were under in
vestigation, took $600 from the safe, seized
a steamer and have started for Borneo.
Running short of coal they stopped a na
tive vessel and took from her a new sup
ply. A steamer has been sent to Borneo
to Intercept the fugitives.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VENTURA. Oct 6.-Miss Grace Flem
ing, or Mrs. Grace Fleming Luddy, as the
case may be, and Archie Van Curen at
tempted to elope this morning, but their
plans were frustrated by J. H. Luddy,
with the assistance of Under Sheriff
Rellly. JK@|
The couple intended, it is BaM, to go
to the Klondike, and might have suc
ceeded but the officer arrived at the
depot a few minutes before the train
started. <•
Upon this exciting Incident hangs a
tale of considerable mystery, and Ventura
is' eater for details -of the affair which
culminated so unromantically.
Luddy is a prominent retired capitalist
of Southern California. The woman is
a handsome and dashing blonde, about
thirty years old. • She was stylishly
dressed. Several thousand dollars' worth
of. diamonds also figured in the affair.
At the Hotel Rose Mrs. Luddy registered
as Grace Virginia of Wheeler Hot Springs.
In all . it is a most perplexing affair
for the. curious. "Miss Fleming," as she
registers at the hotel, claims to have
secured a divorce in Los Angeles last
Saturday from Luddy. Luddy has her
held on a charge of perjury for swearing
In court that they, were married. He
further claims - that she has numerous
diamonds valued at several thousand dol
lars and which > he wants returned. . He
states that they were never married. ;
Mrs. Luddy says that she and Mr.
Luddy were married secretly two years
ago in Santa Barbara. This secret mar
riage, she declares, was at her request.
She claims that the diamonds are not in
her possession as they were stolen from
Luddy at a hotel in Los Angeles over a
year ago.
During the past year Luddy and ' Mrs.
Luddy or Miss Fleming have resided at
Wheeler Hot Springs, where they, have
enjoyed life. The divorce^ according to
Mrs. Luddy, was obtained on " the ground
of • desertion. ,
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 6.— The court rec
ords here do not contain any reference to
A Luddy divorce 899
Fugitive Burglar
Kills Two Law-
Ofiicers.
I ¦' have Invited \ discussion . upon a question
peculiarly . within my province • owing to my
past life and the office so recently held. Taking
The speaker paid the highest tribute to
Balfour, with whose principles and poli
cies he fully agreed, and said. he admired
the courage and resource with which the
Premier had faced difficulties unsurpassed
in' political' history. Chamberlain con
tinued:
It seems as though In this country there have
always been men who do not know the mean
ing of loyalty and friendship. To them I say
that nothing they may do will have the slight
est influence to affect in the slightest degree
the friendship and confidence existing between
tho Premier and myself. To my friends and
•upporters In the great . struggle on which I
have entered ' I say, give no encouragement to
mean or llbelous insinuations, for In ' no con
ceivable circumstances will I. allow myself to
be In [ any sort of . competition, direct or In
direct, -.with ' my friend and , leader.
LOYAL TO THE PREMIER.
, I do not rerari this as a party meeting. I
am no longer a party leader, but an outsider.
I do not think it right to raise any exqlaslve
party issues, but after what has occurred since
the meeting at Sheffield a word 'or two might
be.Blven'me to say that, though I am no
longer a leader," I am still a loyal servant of
the party whose union and strength are essen
tial to the welfare' of the empire and which
has ' found a leader whom every man may be
proud to ' follow. '
NO LONGEB PARTY LEADER, j
Chamberlain, , commencing his speech,
said that his first duty was to thank the
great representative audience for offer
ing him the opportunity of explaining for
the first time in some detail his views on
the subject of the fiscal policy in the city
from which free trade first took birth
and in which Adam Smith taught.
He paid a tribute to Adam Smith, to
whom; however, he said, it was not given
to foresee all the changes which had oc
curred during the last centuryand a half.
Adam Smith, nevertheless, was aware of
the importance of home markets com
pared with foreign ones, and Chamberlain
had been impressed by the manner In
which he advocated retaliation under cer
tain conditions, and how "he urged recip
rocal trade between the colonies and the
mother country.. Hence the speaker was
not afraid in Glasgow to combat free-im
ports "and preach preference to the colo
nies. "It was known to every man that
Scotland had contributed out of all pro
portion to her population to the building
up of the empire which genius, capacity
and courage had created and maintained.
Chamberlain said: . I;, i
cost of the new duties to the laborer
would be 9!£ farthings (4% -cents), to the
artisan 10 farthings (5 cents), while the
saving by the proposed reduction to the
laborer would be 18 farthings (9 cents) and
to the artisan l!) farthings (9% cents).
A distinguished company of -Peers and
members of the House of- Commons "were
present, with ., a _host of -ladles, including
Mrs. - Chamberlain, whose .great Interest
In - her husband's i political career has - in
duced her to accompany him throughout
his entire campaign.. The hall was crowd
ed to suffocation as early as 6 o'clock. :
•When the applause which greeted his
arrival had • subsided - Chamberlain
to speak, and in addition to ; encouraging
cheers from time to time in ' the course
of his oration he was greeted at the close
with a great demonstration.^' /
The ; points . of ' his speech attracting , re
markable attention jwere ; his eulogy, of
Balfour. arid his repudiation of .the idea
of superseding him; 1 his representation" of
the coming -struggle as one greater in
its consequence than the Boer war;'*his
declaration", that air ;workingmeri' in the
colonies v?were , protectionists and that ; any
labor ;leader ; visiting the -colonies ..would
inevitably ; be , converted - to . protection ; his
description of the : American ' tariff ; as \ an
abomination," and 1 his curious presentation
of *¦ the ' case as . affecting the workmen's
exchequer. * \ - v
- Thus/ according to him, . the Increased
probable issue of his campaign,
it is generally admitted that he has
opened it in a masterly manner befitting
the momentous occasion, and that he can
no longer be accused of nebulosity In pre
senting his case. For nearly two hours
to-night. Only referring occasionally to
fairly full notes for figures "and statistics,
he held a vast and enthusiastic audience
absorbed by one of his finest oratorical
efforts,
•s As though inspired by the knowledge
that the practical, collapse and .break-up
of the Unionist party left him in sole pos
session of the field, he spoke with more
than his customary. energy and persua
siveness, lacking-nothing in lucidity, either
of -phrase, or argument, . while his. appeal
to the working class, upon which more
than any. section of the community,.espe
cially since .the defection . ot. the Duke of
Devonshire from the Unionist administra
tion, the success or failure . of; his prefer
ential scheme, will, depend, was eminently
calculated, to enlist, its support.. ,
' It an inspiring, scene within - St.
Andrew's Hall, where he delivered" his
speech: Every corner of the auditorium
was packed with men and women, cheer-
Ing:, singing and 'waving handkerchiefs as
the chairman, , Matthew Andrew, led
Chamberlain , to the platform. The late
Colonial Secretary,, pale, 1 but self-pos
sessed and alert, with his customary eye
glass and • orchid, stood .'- bowing ' his
acknowledgements- of the • acclamations,
while the' organ played, "See the Con
quering Hero Comes." v
HAS A NOTABLE AUDIENCE.
GLASGOW, Oct. 6.— Whatever may
be the opinion. held regarding the
great ' question which Joseph
Chamberlain ; has raised, or the
ELOPEMENT
FRUSTRATED
BY THE LAW
Champion of Fiscal Vieform Opens
Campaign by Explaining
. . - - - -— JL Ji c«j .- 2 tu/ti
OFFICIALS OF THE UNITED : STATES STEEL CORPORATION. THE
"WORLD'S BIGGEST TRUST, WHICH HAS BEEN FORCED. TO Cfc"T
" DOWN THE DIVIDEND^ ON ITS COMMON STOCK.
WIFE OF GREAT BRITAIN 1 S. FOR ME, R SECRETA R Y , FOR . THE COL
ONIES, 'WHO : IS/ DEEPLY ' INTERESTED IN HIS POLITICAL
CAREER AND WILL -ACCOMPANY,' HIM ; DURING HIS CAMPAIGN.
DESPERADO
ENDS LIVES
OF PURSUERS
The Japanese statesmen remain calm.
Japan apparently, considers herself capa
ble of dealing with Russia single-handed.
It is true that England is supporting" Ja
pan strongly In Peking and Seoul, Korea,
but it is thought here that England and
France desire peace at any price. Ger
many is ostensibly neutral. The United
States is chiefly concerned in her com
mercial treaty with China, to be signed
on October 8. but the Japanese press
claims that America is ready to give Ja
pan her strong moral support against any
unfair encroachments.
Popular feeling in Japan is exasperated
at Russia's dilatory tactics and the ex
citement has been aggravated by the sen
sational press, which is constantly circu
lating rumors of fresh Russian aggres
sions. Many pt these are of the most
circumstantial character and are calcu
lated to inflame public opinion. The offi
cials deprecate these reports, which, it is
believed in some quarters, emanate from
Russian sources, with the' object of forc
ing Japan's hand.
";"*-TnV fleet and *the ' arrhy arjj- both with
out question In readiness, arid large sup
plies for -both the army, and navy have
been accumulated. . The arsenals have
been quietly at work for a long time past
and the defenses have been minutely in
spected.
YOKOHAMA, Oct.;, 6.— With the ap
proach of October 8, -' the nominal date
for Russia's evacuation of Manchuria,
great tension is observable among the
Japanese populace, but in diplomatic cir
cles it is reaffirmed that hopefulness pre
vails of an amicable "settlement of the
imbroglio between Russia and Japan, on
the basis of minor concessions by Russia
in Korea and Manchuria, though officials
do not profess to expect that the evacu
ation of Manchuria will' be effected on
the exact date named.
Baron von Rosen, the Russian Min
ister to Japan/has returned here from a
conference with "Viceroy Alexieff at Port
Arthur, and had a short conference with
Baron Komura, the Japanese Foreign
Minister, on October 3. Baron Komura
has since given out a hopeful interview,
but the Japanese Ministers for War and
t*._- Navy thereafter had long conferences
with the; Emperor, Marquis Ito, Presi
dent of the Privy' Council, and Viscount
Katsu, the. Premier, Indicating that pre
parations are going onto meet any event
uality. ¦-'•'¦* .-_. /' . '-. ¦,.."'.- ..,. — — ¦ ¦¦ ¦¦¦
JTOKIO, Japan, Oct. 6.— Rumors are
afloat here that the ; Russians are erect
ing forts and mounting guns at Yong
ampho, on the Yalu River.
PARIS, Oct. 6.— Official advices . show
that the Japanese fleet is in the harbor
of Masanpho (south of Korea). No troops
have yet been landed.
Subjects of; the Mikado
Eagerly Await Summons
to Arms.
Russians Are Erecting
Forts on Yalu
River.
Japan Delays the
Landing of Her
v Troops.
WAR FLEET
IS HOVERING
NEAR KOREA
So secret had everything been kept that
only Miss Prichard and Leonard Cook, a
clerk in Lakeport, who stood as witness
to the ceremony, knew of the binding 1 of
the love-knot. Among Miss Floyd's city
friends, even in the family where she
made her home, not an inkling of her
marriage had been received.
That the former Miss Floyd Is one who
is wont to scorn conventions and take the
bull by the horns has been demonstrated
already. Last September she instituted
suit in the Superior Court of Lake Coun
ty to break the trust which has her es
tate in hand and come to her own.
When her mother. Cora L. Floyd, died
In 1893 she stipulated In her will that the
estate should be left \ in the hands of
James T. Boyd, Adolpheus D. Grimwood
and Cora Skeeler as trustees. Two
thirds of the income should be given to
Miss Floyd, the sole legatee, and the
other third expended upon improvements
of the property. Miss Floyd's suit to
break this arrangement was lost and her
estate is consequently still held In trust.
It comprises the beautiful summer
home. Kono Tayee, on Clear Lake, the
Quercus ranch in the same vicinity. North
Point dock and warehouse in this city
and property In Merced, Alameda, San
Luis Obispo, Monterey and Santa Clara
counties.
Finally Miss Floyd, accompanied by
Miss Prlchard, went up to her beautiful
summer home on Clear Lake. Then the
letters began to be left by the postman
at ' the humble doorstep of Gopchevitch,
out at 2284 Mission street. Suddenly the
gripman asked for a leave of absence.
There was a hurried Journey to Lakeport,
Superior Judge Sayrd said a few words
over tjvo clasped hands in his chambers
yesterday, and the romance had reached
its denouement.
SECRET IS KEPT.
To the heiress Gopchevitch told his
story- Of the old house of Obrenovitch
was he— the dynasty which came to such
a bloody end in Belgrade's palace. The
blood of robber barons of the Balkans
coursed his veins. He was an heir to the
throne; a pretender of the deposed
Obrenovitch es. The heiress heard and
she was captivated.
In her daily Journeys to and fro on the
cars which passed the house. Miss Bllza
G. Prlchard, the boon companion of Mis3
Floyd, chanced to strike up an acquaint
ance with Gopchevitch. Through her
Miss Floyd came to have a smile and a
pleasant word for the gripman when she
chanced to be on his car.
After a while It always chanced that
It was Gopchevitch's car upon which
Miss Floyd rode, and the rules against
talking to the grriprnan were sadly
broken as the little tete-a-tetes on the
dummy grew In frequency. But never a
word was said at the family table about
cable" cars or gripmen.
Miss Floyd is ihe daughter of the late
Captain Richard S. Floyd, a retired of
ficer of the navy, who was prominent a j
the secretary of the famous Lick trust.
Upon his death and that of his wife Miss
Floyd was left the sole heir to $700,000.
which Is held In trust for her. After ex
tensive travel and a perfect education.
Miss Floyd had gone to live with Mrs.
W. B. Prlchard, a distant relative, at 2833
Sacramento street, when the romance of
her courtship commenced.
The rank Is bat the guinea"*' stamp.
The man's the gowd for a.' that.
A prince can make a belted knight.
A marquis, duke and a' that;
But an honest man's aboon his might.
Guld faith, he mauaaa fa' that.
J^obby Burns of Immortal memory has
found at least one disciple In this mater
ialistic age and that one is Miss Harry
A. L. Floyd, heiress to nigh a million.
Yesterday before the Superior Judge at
Lakeport she- gave her hand and fortune
to B. M. Gopchevltch. a Servian noble
man, who up to the day of bis wedding
was a gripman on a Sacramento-street
cable car.
In the olden days the noblemen were
wont to woo their lady love *neath cast!«
wall and then carry her from her ances
tral home on a prancing steed. But to
day your nobleman wears a uniform In
stead of his suit of shining w«tl and
carries his lady's heart away on a street
car. Such are the sad ways of our work
aday age.
Albeit that the knight errant wore a
vizored bat instead of a coronet and that
his hands .were more accustomed to the
brake than to the sword, romance Is not
lacking in this tale of a nobleman's suc
cessful wooing. The man * who onca
clanged the bell and warned passengers
to look out for the curve is now copartner
In his bride's wealth. ' The woman can
now put a crest on her carriage door,
even though the 'scutcheon be quartered
by a cable car rampant.
HEIRESS TO A FORTUNE.
Self Styled Scion of Obren
ovitches Woos Lady
on Dummy.
Miss Harry Floyd Is
Bride of Servian
Knight.
Noble Carman Weds
Sole Legatee of
$700,000.
'SCUTCHEON
JOINED TO
A FORTUNE
SAN PRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 7, 1903.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCIY— NO. 129.
GLASGOW THRONG
APPLAUDS SPEECH
OF CHAMBERLAIN
The San Francisco CallMEMBERS OF THE ARRANGE
MENTS COMMITTEE AT ODD
FELLOWS' ENCAMPMENT.
A Guaranteed Cure for Piles.
Itching, Blind, Bleeding or Protruding Piles.
Tour druffg'.rt will refund money, if PAJ5O
OINTMENT falls to cure you In C to 11 days.
Uia, , w».
WASHINGTON, Oct. 6.— The President
has appointed O. H. Ernst, Corps of En
gineers at Chicago; Professor G. S. Wil
liams of Cornell University and George
Clinton of Buffalo as the representatives
of the United States on the proposed in
ternational commission to investigate - the
question of water routes from the Great
Lakes to the Atlantic. 'Great Britain has
accepted an Invitation to appoint a simi
lar commission, but has not vet . an
nounced. Its fcergonns' .-^, . ' _ v
Appoints Water Route Commission.
GRAND FORK8, N. D., Oct. 6.— The
United States Court of Appeals for the
Eighth Circuit has filed a decision in the
euit of Mrs. Thomas J. McAdam against
the United Commercial Travelers of
America, sustaining the lower court in
awarding Mrs. McAdam the full amount
of an insurance policy of $6300 carried by
her late husband, Thomas J. McAdam, of
Cast Grand Forks. The deceased was
killed by an explosion of gas in a cellar
and Mrs: McAdam settled with an agent
for $1000 upon the latter's recommenda
tion that the case showed contributory
negligence on the part of McAdam. Later,
on being informed that she had a valid
claim, she returned the check of the com
pany and in a suit recovered the full
amount of the policy.
WIDOW IS GIVEN FDXL
AMOUNT OF THE POLICY
The ceremony took place at the old pal
ace In the presence of a ; glittering as
semblage of sovereigns. Princes, diplo
mats and Cabinet Ministers, j Dr. Glaess
ing, a state official, performed the cere
mony. The church services take place to
morrow in the castle chapel, first accord-
Ing to the evangelical ritual and next in
accordance with the Greek rites.-
The Czar and Czarina, g who were the
leading personages at the wedding to-day,
have frequently been seen 1 during the last
few days in the shops here, making pur
chases. The Czar's gift . to the bride 13
valued at a million roubles. The bride
received precious presents from other
guests. One Frankfort Jeweler received
orders for Jewelry in connection with the
wedding valued at $250,000. ': ,
DARMSTADT, Oct. 6.-The civil mar
riage of Prince Andrew- of Greece and
Princess Alice- of Battenberg was cele
brated bwre at noon to-day.- The King
of Greece and Prince Louis of Battenberg,
father of the bride, acted as witnesses at
the wedding. v ; v ;^«iii/
Civil Ceremony Takes Place at Darm
stadt Before a Glittering As
semblage of Royalty.
PRINCE ANDREW OF GREECE
WEDS THE PRINCESS ALICE
HELENA, Mont., Oct. 6.— There have
been no developments' In the dynamite
outrages on the Northern Pacific to-day.
The only thing the detectives -found -at
the scene of. last night's explosion near
Bird's Eye was a piece of baling wire
used to fasten the dynamite 'to the rail.
Superintendent- Boyle> Is still here and
there is an engine in the yards with
steam iip ready to go out on an instant's
notice. " • ¦ ¦• ' -
That ' the • train escaped being .wrecked
last night was remarkable, I as after the
explosion thirty-six cars passed' over a
rail out of which eighteen inches had been
torn. •_-¦.- . , . - •
Engineer- Rellly of the freight engine
which was partly wrecked by dynamite,
arrived in Helena with his train early to
day. The engine * is. fcadly damaged.
Reilly said it seemed to him as though
there was an explosion of dynamite on
each side of the engine.
Railroad Detectives Are
Still Working in
the Dark.
RIO JAXEI11O. Oct. 6— A contract between
the Brazilian Government and C. H Walker
& Co. of Lon-lcn, Involving $25,000,000. for
harbcr ar.<i dock improvements here, work to
begin In January, haw Just b*en »ie-ned.
FIND NO TRACE
OF DYNAMITERS
SHERIDAN, Ark.. Oct. 6.— Ed McCul
lotn. a negro, was taken from the County
Jail here early this morning by a masked
mob, tied to a tree In the courthouse
yard and shot to death. The negro shot
and seriously wounded Constable Crutch
fleld last week.
Tied to a Tree and Shot.
Ifew York Supreme Court Grants a
Motion to Examine Witnesses
in San Prancisco.
NEW YORK, Oct. €.— Justice Barrett in
the Supreme Court to-day granted a mo
tion to examine two physicians and two
undertakers in San Francisco in the ac
tion brought by >Zrs. Hannah E. Nelson
-to recover the estate belonging to Charles
1^. Fair, who was, with his wife, killed in
, an automobile accident at Trouville,
| France, about a year ago.
FAIR ESTATE LITIGATION"
AGAIN BOBS UP TS COURT
ATLANTA, Ga., Oct. 6. — Sir Thomas
Llpton has acquired a large estate In
South Georgia and will begin at once the
cultivation "of a great' fruit and' vegeta
ble farm to supply the. L6ndon markets.
The tract acquired by the Irish knight
is the Red Couper plantation, one of the
estates of ante-bellum days. It consists
of thousands of acres of fertile land and
has a novel Irrigation system. Sir Thomas
Upton's agents say that a fortune is to
be made In raising fruit and vegetables
for the London market, and that this In
duced the knight to Invest.
Sir Thomas to Raise Fruit and Vege
tables in Georgia for the Lon
don Market. .
LIPTON' BUYS. LARGE
ESTATE IN AMERICA
Hedervary's Resignation Accepted.
VIENNA, Oct. 6.— The Emperor has ac
cepted the resignation of Count Heder
vary as Hungarian Premier.
GENERAL OLA PROMISES
, TO AID THE AUTHORITIES
Surrendered Leader of Insurgents in
Albay Will Assist to Capture
His Former Associates.
MANILA, Oct. 6.— General Ola, leader
of the insurgent forces In the province of
Albay, Luzon, continues to turn over the
guns of his command to the American au
thorities. During the campaign just closed
100 insurgents were killed and 700 men and
100 guns were captured. At the time they
surrendered Ola^s - men were in rags,
hungry and covered with sores. He has
promised to help the authorities to cap
ture Toledo and Laria, the insurgent lead
ers, still at large. General Allen says he
has promised to grant immunity to Ola.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 6.— Governor Taft
sent the following cablegram to-day:
"Governor Betts reported the surrender
to Colonel Bandholtse of the constabulary
of thirty-tnree more rifle3 at Ligao, *1
bay, making a hundred in all. All peo
ple withdrawn from outlying barrios re
turned to their homes by order of the
provincial board. Trouble in the province
reported at an end."
BERLIN, Oct. 6. — The Russian and Ger
man poBtofflces have arranged to construct a
telephone line between Berlin and St. Peters
burg. The construction will begin In 1004.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PASO ROBLES, Oct. 6.— The first
regular session of the Grand En
campment of the Odd Fellows
convened at 10 o'clock this morn-'
Ing at the Paso Robles Opera
house, with Grand Patriarch J. H. Fos
ter and Grand Scribe W. H. Barnes in
the chairs.
The section opened with the reading. of
the reports of officers. Grana Patriarch
Foster's report' contained a tribute to
Grand Patriarch Bates, who was elected
to the head- office last year and died one
month later. Grand Scribe Barnes* re
port showed a marked increase in the
membership of the order for the past
year. Two new encampments were insti
tuted. Rtdlands Encampment No. 1^ at
Redlands, and Crown Encampment No.
41, at Corona.
The report shows ninety-two enp?.mp
ments In the State, with a grand total of
63C0 members, and the total admissions
for the year 672. The total assets of the
grand and subordinate orders in the
State are $161,048 91.
The afternoon session was devoted to
adopting reports of committees. The first
order of business to-morrow will be the
election of officers for the ensuing year.
The following nominations were made to
day: W. P. "Woodbrldge for grand
patriarch, Stanley A. Smith for grand
high priest, George Jessen for senior
grand warden, William H. Barnes for
grand scribe, Charles E. Benedict for
grand treasurer: C. H. Burden, F. E.
Pierce, F. L. Turpln, C. O. King, J F.
Coonan, J. H. Phillips, H. H. Mitchell
and J. F. Chappelle for grand junior war
den; J. A. Foster for representative to
the Sovereign Grand Lodge. The grand
Junior warden Is the commencement of
the offices that gradually lead to grand
patriarch, and it ls the prize that will
make material for a sharp contest to
morrow.
General Brower, with his cantons and
the Rebekah Drill Corp3, commanded by,
Captain Allie Parker, gave a splendid ex
hibition at the drill grounds this after
noon.
Much enthusiasm Is developing over the
contest Thursday for the $900 cash prize
for the best drilled canton. Vallejo Can
ton !*o. 16 has many favorites, but San
Francisco No. 6, through having won be
fore in the contest, ls a formidable ad
• versary. To-night Todd's Band gave a
park concert, which was listened to by
6000 people. A grand reception was given
at Assembly Hall, and many eloquent ad
dresses were made. Following is the pro
gramme:
Introduction. Dr. J. H. Glass, chairman; In-:
vocation. L>. I*. Alexander (the oldest past
grand patriarch in. the State); address of wel
come. Mayor Truman Brooks; response, Grand
Patriarch J. A. Foster; music. Klaus' Orches
tra; welcome to San Luis Oblspo County, the
Hon. E. P. Unangst; response. Grand Master
C. W. Baker; greeting to cantons, Charles O.
King; response. General P. O. Brower; music,
Klaus' Orchestra; welcome to Rebekahs, Noble
Grand Mrs. Maggie Lewis: response, President
of Assembly Mrs. Alma Jensen; pleasantries,
Grand Scribe "W. H. Barnes.
SAN DIEGO. Oct. 6.— The dead body of
an unknown sailor was found this after
noon beneath a wharf, and the condition
of the body indicated that there might
have been foul play In his taking off. Tho
body was left hanging over one of tha
outfall sewer pipes by the receding tide.
A gash on the side of the head is an
cleanly cut that It could hardly have b«en
done by the man falling from the wharf
against anything in the water. It could
have been done with a knife or an ax or
possibly by an Iron bludgeon. The man
was in life large and powerful, weighing
about 220 pounds. He was dressed as a
sailor. There was nothing about the body
to Identify it and only a few German
coins of low denomination. Tha body. ha3
been In the water ten or twelve days.
Gash on the Head Appears to Have
Been Made by a
Knife.
MYSTERY VEILS DEATH
OF AN" UNKNOWN" SAILOR
CARACAS, Oct. 6.-The hearing of the
cicims of Del Rio Brothers, Mexican
citizens, for money lent to Venezuela
during the year 1824, was concluded to
"day before the Mexican - Venezuelan
mixed tribunal. Ser.or Ayala, the Spanish
Minister at Caracas, and the umpire of
the tribunal, condemned Venezuela to pay
$."10,000, the sum claimed being $730,000.
The decision has caused much feeling in
Caracas, and the press has begun a vio
lent campaign against the umpires.
Mixed Tribunal at Caracas Decides
Claims in Favor of Eel Bio
Brothers.
VENEZUELA MUST SETTLE
WITH MEXICAN CITIZENS
SOFIA. Oct. 6.— A dispatch forwarded
from Rila Monastery says that thev in
surgents have withdrawn entirely from
the Razlog district and valley, having
fustained serious repulses.
Details of the fighting at Kittkar. near
Kratovo (thirty-eight miles from T~Bkub>
ca October 1 and October 2 have reached
the revolutionary headquarters here. The
battle waged for thirty-six hours. The
Turks found it Impossible to dislodge the
band -of eighty insurgents from their
Ftrong position and brought up two can
non. The shots, however, went over the
insurgents and wrought havoc among the
Turks on the other side of the position.
The insurgents ultimately escaped. The
Turkish losses are variously estimated at
from GO to SO killed or wounded.
Entire District Is Cleared of Insurg
ent Bands by the Sultan's
Troops.
aiACEDONIANS SUITES
REPULSES IN RAZLOG
Fatal Leap to Death Ends
Their Spectacular
Struggla.
Finally, infuriated at Mrs. Young's in
terference, Mrs. Martin clasped her in
her arms and tried to carry her off the
roof with her. She almost succeeded,
t/nt Mrs. Young managed to free herself
*nd Mrs. Martin, after hanging In midair
for several seconds, fell to the pavement.
Mrs. Martin recently was rendered in
saTie by a blow on the head at the hands
of an insane patient In the Metropolitan
Hospital, where she was employed as a
nurse.
The crowd on the streets below and
scores of persons in the windows of the
tenements opposite witnessed the fifteen
minute fight that preceded Mrs. Martin's
Ural leap. Time and again the young
widow succeeded in petting to the edge
of the roof, only- to be hauled- back by
a- woman who would save her, Mrs. Stella
Young.
NEW YORK, Oct. 6.— Hundreds of men,
v.omcn and children witnessed a dramatic
puicide to-day, when, after a desperate
fight with another woman, Mrs. Annie
Martin, a young widow, tflrew herself
Irom the roof of a five-story tenement at
r^C West Forty-sixth street, where she
lived.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Woman and Would-Be
Rescuer Battle on
a Roo£
Chamberlain believed that It was only
by a' commercial union and reciprocal
preference that they could lay the founda
tions ' of. a federation , of the empire to
which they all looked as a brilliant* pos
sibility. " He wished to I repeat explicitly
that he did not wish to tax raw materials
used in Britl3h manufactures. It was evi
dent that if they wanted to prevent 1 sep
jaration there must be a preferential tax
Suppose we had made euch an offer to the
United States and Germany ten or twenty
years ago, do you suppose that we should not
have been able to retain a great deal of what
we have now lost and cannot recover? I will
glva you an illustration: America ls the strict
est of the protective nations. It has a tariff
which to me is an abomination, it is so im
moderate, unreasonable and unnecessary, and,
although America has profited enormously. I
think it has been carried to excessive lengths;
and I believe that a great number of intelli
gent Americans would gladly negotiate. with us
for its reduction. But, until very recently,
even this immoderate tariff left ua the great
tlnplate trade, amounting to millions of pounds
per annum, and which we might have kept if
we had given soma reciprocal advantages. It
would not have been worth America's while to
put a duty upon an article for which it had
no particular use or special aptitude.
If we had made some concessions to Ger
many we 6hould still have been exporting to
that country many articles the market for
which is now closed to us.
Were we to lose the colonies as we lost our
foreign • trade, we should have arrived at the
parting of the ways. If the opportunity is not
seized now, it will not recur. Canada will
fall to the level of the United States, Australia
to the level of Canada and South Africa to
the level of Australia, and that would be the
beginning of a general decline which would rob
us of our most important trade. l » .
FEDERATION OF THE EMPIRE.
Chamberlain said he believed that the
colonies ".are prepared to meet us in re
turn for a very moderate preference. They
would reserve to us the trade we already
enjoy, and would also arrange their tar
iffs in the future in order not to start In
dustries in competition with those al
ready in existence in the mother country,
and not only would they enable us to re
tain our trade with them, but they would
give us preference on all trade done with
them by our foreign competitors."
The colonial trade thus secured, said
the speaker, would be such as to secure
employment for 615,000 workmen at 30
shillings, a week, and, calculating their
f amlles, to give subsistence to \ 3,075.000
persons. That had been called a squalid
argument; therefore, he appealed on the
higher ground that. the privileges of the
empire brought with them great responsi
bilities. ' He had spoken with many col
onists who believed that the ;. present
colonial relations could not be permanent.
They must either be drawn closer to
gether or they would drift apart— an opin
ion "shared by Lord Rosebery, a states
man, whose Instincts were always right,
but his acts often lagged behind his,In
stincts.
AS TO AMERICA'S TARIFF.
"Wo can intervene now, but it is doubtful if
we could intervene twenty years hence. We
could Bay to our great colonies: "We under
stand your views and aspirations, and do not
care to dictate or think ourselves superior to
you; we recognize our right to develop your in
dustries so as r.ot to be dependent on foreign
supplies, but ¦ there are many things you Uo
not know . how to make . for which we have a
great capacity of production; leave them to us;
do not increase the tariff walls against us; let
us exchange with you for your productions; do
It because we are kinsmen, because it is good
for the empire as a whole, and because we
have taken the first step and set you the ex
ample. We offer you a preference; we rely
upon your . patriotism and your affection that
we shall not be losers thereby,"
Australasia is less developed and takes more
than Canada. In the Caoe there are prac
tically, no industries.
Now. what is the history of protection?
First, there is tariff and no industries. Then
gradually primary industries ¦ for which the
country has natural facilities grow up behind
the tarlft wall. then secondary 'industries
spring up; first of necessaries, then of luxuries,
until at last all the ground ls covered.
The countries to which I have referred are
in different stages of the protective process.
In the United States the process ls completed.
She produces everything and excludes every
thing. There is no trade to be done with her
for a paltry *lx shillings per head. •
Canada has been protective a long 1 time.
The principal industries are there and you
can never get rid of them, but the secondary
indUBtriea have not yet been created and there
ls an immense trade still open to you to main
tain and increase. ,
protective countries. *
I see that some of »ur labor leaders are
persuading the workmen to maintain the sys
tfcm of free imports. 1 undertake to say that
not one of 'them could vlalt the colonies for
elx months: without singing a' different tune.
The vast majority of the workmen in the
colonies are protec^tlgpistS. _and I am disin
clined to accept the "easy explanation that they
are all fools. I fall to understand why. a
man who is intelligent here becomes an idiot
when he goes to Australia. He does, however,
get rid of a number of old-world prejudices
and superstitions.
On the other hand the protected countries,
which you have been -told, and I myself one
time believed, were going rapidly to wreck
and;ruin, have progressed Infinitely better in
proportion -than ourselves, and, instead of, as
Cobden believed, our remaining the workshop
for the world we are sending less and less
of our manufactures abroad, while the pro
tected countries are sending more and more
of their manufactures here. Thus our manu
factured exports from XllO.OOO.WJO in 1872
have gradually dwindled to £73,500,000 in 1902
to the protected countries of Europe and the
United- States.. -
In the same period our exports to non
manufacturing countries like Egypt, China ana
South America have practically remained un
changed. This loss of trade to the orotected
countries hag not ! been noticed hitherto, be
cause during the same period our exports to
the British colontes have increased on a ratio
to counterbalance this loss and are now more
valuable than our trade with the whole of
Burope and the -United States together. Our
colonial trade, in fact, is the most rapidly
increasing, important and valuable of all our
trade. Meanwhile foreign exports to the
United Kingdom have risen from £03,000,000
in 1S76 to £142,000,000 in 1902. I do not com
ment on. that,- but when I am told that we
ought to hold the same opinions as our an
cestors I reply that we should if the cir
cumstances required the same.
I have made these figures clear. It is plain
that our imperial trade is essential to our pros
perity. If it declines or falls to increase In
proportion to our population and to the loss
of our foreign trade then we shall sink into
a fifth-rate nation. We have reached our
highest point, and I am not certain but that
some of my opponents regard that with abso
lute complacency. I have the misfortune to
be an optimist. I do. not believe in the set
ting of th©- British star, but then I do
not believe in the folly of the British people.
I trust them and trust the working classes.
I have confidence that they who are our
masters, electorally speaking, -will have the
intelligence to see that they must wake up,
that they must meet the new conditions with
an altogether new policy.
REPLIES TO LABOR LEADERS.
Have you ever considered why Canada takes
a much larger amount per head of British
manufactures than the United ¦ States, Aus
tralia thrice as much as Canada and South
Africa more than Australia.? These are all
Adducing statistics, Chamberlain con
trasted the moderate increase of IVi per
cent In the export trade of Great Britain
and the increase of 30 per cent In her pop
ulation since 1872 with the enormous in
crease of trade in the United States and
Germany, and asked how the country
could expect to support its growing pop
ulation with its trade practically, stag
nant for thirty years. He proceeded:
I do not say that I anticipate such a fate
for-the British Empire, but I eay I see signs
of decay — cracks and crevices showing that the.
foundations are not" broadband deep enough to
sustain it. Am I 'wrong .-to warn you? Is it
not strange and inconsistent that the same
people who indicted the Government for its un
preparedness in the South African war should
now denounce me in language equally extrava
gant because I want to prepare you for a strug
gle so serious that if we are defeated this coun
try will lose its" place among the great nations ;
a struggle w2jlch we are invited to meet wlta
antiquated methods and tactics?
BEITAINfS "WANING COMMERCE.
up the position of a pioneer, I go in front of
the army. If the army is attacked I will re
turn to it. I am always an optimist. It is
possible that the nation may be prepared to
gQ further than the official programme. I now
ask the question. Is it so prepared? Great
Britain in the past has played a great part in
the world's history. I desire her to continue
and see the realization of the great Ideal of
an empire such an the world has never seen.
If that ls to be attained, this matter should
b« treated on its merits without any personal
feeling or bitterness and without entering on
questions of trorely party controversy.
The late Colonial Secretary alluded to
the recent visit he paid to Venice, when
he found the Campanile, which had stood
for centuries and which, when he pre
viously visited Venice, seemed as perma
nent as the city Itself, a mass of ruins.
He continued:
The Grand Encampment Begins Officially at
# Paso Robles and the Nomination of
Officers Are Made for the Election To-Day
The question was, what would the col
onies say? He believed they would treat
generously any offer Great Britain might
make. Chamberlain concluded:
It is because I sympathize with their object
and appreciate the generosity of their offer — it
is for these things and for no personal ambi
tion that I have given up the office I was so
proud to hold, and that now, when I. might. 1
think, fairly claim a period of rest. I have
taken up new burdens and come before you a?
a missionary of the empire to urge upon you
again — as in the old times, when I protested
against the disruption of the United Kingdom
—once again to warn you. to urge you, to im
plore you to do nothing that will tend toward
tha disintegration of the empire; not to refust
to sacrifice futile superstition and inept preju
dice and thereby to lose the result of centuries
of noble effort and patriotic endeavor.
RESTS WITH THE COLONIES.
The loss to the exchequer he estimated
at £2,800,000, but that and more he pro
posed to find in another branch of the
policy of financial reform, which was
sometimes called retaliation and some
times reciprocity. Ho hoped, for one
thing, that the other countries would re
duce their duties so that worse things
might not come upon them, but he
'thought that Great Britain also would
have to raise hers. A moderate duty of
10 per cent on manufactured goods, vary
ing according to the amount of labor in
them, would give to the exchequer £9.000,
000 a year, and If he were Chancellor of
the Exchequer he would make use of that
sum for the remission of taxation.
on food. That was the great cry of his
opponents, and it was true, but it was
only half the truth. Those opponents for
get to add his explanation that nothing
he proposed would add one farthing to
the cost of living of any worklngman or
of any family In the country.
CHAMBERLAIN'S PROGRAMME.
With regard to his plan, he would state
it briefly. He proposed to put a low duty,
not exceeding 2 shillings (48 cents) a quar
ter on foreign corn, but none on corn
from the British possessions. He pro
posed no tax on maize, partly because It
formed the food \ of some of the very
poorest among the population. He pro
posed a corresponding law on flour, and
he would. give especial preference to the
miller, with the object of re-establishing
one of our ancient Industries and of pre
venting a rush from the country to the
town, and also of placing corn and feed
ing stuffs more cheaply within the pos
session of the farmer.
A small tax of about E per cent on the'
foreign meat and dairy products would
be imposed, excluding bacon, which swas
the food, of many of the poorest of the
population. Lastly, he proposed to give
a substantial preference to the colonies
on wines and fruits. ' :
Against these Increases he proposed
some great remissions. He proposed to
take off three-quarters of the duty on tea,
half the duty on sugar, with correspond
ing reductions upon. cocoa and coffee. The
net result of these impositions and re
missions would be that the town artisan's
food would, to' the most elabor
ate calculations, cost him -two pence half
penny (five cents) less per week than it
did at present, while that of the agri
cultural laborer would cost him two
pence (four cents) less;, but, if, as he
believed, a great part of the tax on food
would be paid by . the foreigner, there,
would be a reduction in the cost of
food both for the artisan and the agri
cultural laborer.
HUNDREDS VIEW
TRAGIC SUICIDE
Continued From Page 1, .Column 6.
ODD FELLOWS REPORT
ON A PROSPEROUS YEAR
GLASGOW THROE APPLAUDS SPEECH OF CHAMBERLAE
THE SAN FRANCISCO - CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 7, 1903.
2
JNO. J. FTTLTOy CO. -
Brighfs Disease and
: Diabetes News.
San Francisco, October 5, 1903.
Reports came from many States
the past week. Here are three from
G. M. Ashton of the Swedeeboro National
JUnk, N. 3., writes: "Have been using the
Renal Corop. bow for three months ana am
much improved, there being- at times no albu-
men. Am much encouraged, as can now work
trery day."
Mary V. McDouj&ll. HoboVen. N. J.: "My
mother has diabetes and has Just started on
•your Comxxrund. She heard of It through a
brother of hers in California. He had dUbetes.
too. but has apparently been cured by your
Compound."
Mrs. II. M. Phillips, 2610 II!*h et.. cimden.
N. J. : "One year aso my husband had to stop
work as the result of Britrbrs Disease. Dr.
Fox of Philadelphia was the physician. Patient
*-as very sick and eoln* blind. Somehow we
heard of your Compound. He has been helped
wonderfully, so much so that a number of his
friends are now taking- it. We would like to
have the agency for It here. My husband will
.Cive you a testimonial if you want it."
• n. A. Langford. drunrist, Clarkston, Wash.:
"Physicians were unable to cure my wife of
Blight's Disease, and I sent her to Bartlett
Springs in your State. She heard of your
"Compound and U now on the fourth bottle and
Improving slowly but surely. Can now walk
and drive about, albumen one-fourth what it
was, eats and deep* well and gaining flesh.
There is no agency here; should like to know
jour terms, etc"
Mrs. Xormaa Carr. Union Springs. N. T.:
."The specific gravity has dropped from 1.063
to l.OiO (Diabetes-) and I am getting better all
the time and telling others about it."
James Eagur. JCat'nl MIL Home, L*aven-
v.-nrth, Kans.: "Have taken nineteen bottles
and am so much better than I was. Send me
some pamphlets for friends."
\ That Bright's Disease and Diabetes
are now curable by the Fulton Com-
pounds is known in every State in
the Union. The Compounds are with-
in the reach of all, the Renal Com-
pound for Bright's Disease being but
$1.00, the Diabetes Compound $1.50.
Send for literature. Jno. J. Fulton
Co., 409 Washington St., San Fran-
<a*co, sole cpm20Jiaderg > " ¦ v<
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Every style and color— $ I to $4 yjFlfjp'N
_ Without question we nave the xg| Iff^^lftA
largest stock of sweaters ever _ I '-v \
shown by a Pacific Coast estab- .^^^^C^^^Pft
Iishment. Every style — stitch —
color — or combination stripe is jf^^^^^^S^M0^^^k
represented in the assortment. 4[ "^^^^^^^fif^
No matter what your imagination
runs to, we are sure to have whatever you
want, if such a sweater is manufactured.
These sweaters were bought direct from
mill and are sold at one fair profit. We can
give you as good a sweater as you ever
bought at a price less than you ever paid. illl^^fJl?
The colors are oxford gray, black, navy,
royal, wine, white, pink, green, etc., in
solid colors, combination stripes or mixed.
They are knitted from pure wool and
the finest worsted wool. They will not J»mffl^if'
shrink or stretch out of shape. They are i^W^^m
ADVERTISEMENTS^
¦' ¦•- ' i ' ¦- '¦
§^l^ S-I c J < ' y i. and i efTe £t' ve 'y In all cases of Nervous Headache, S»c*
Perinwf n Lu . mba P 0 » Sea-Sickness, Car-S!ckness, Irritability,
Periodic, Bearing-down and Ovarian Pains.
$<SSSS^ for hL a^ m «K ePy P? 1^" 1 that } h , ave f<n P d such a Perfect remedy
JC^^Sc^ »?!..]? k che -- l *i ad a ""^stroke while in the army, and ever
Hi ".C?*** 8 " ff ered greaty from headache and biliousness. The
$$$$$$$i S?ii« »Ki*v. th , a l ever **!* ma an^ relief ls Dr - Miles' Antl-Paln
fills, which I have used with satisfactory results for a number
;^§SSSi of years."— M. S. BALLARD. 98 Catlina Ave.. Pasadena? Calif.
NSSSxSNS 'I have frequently used Dr. Miles' Antl-Paln PUls for Neu-
ralsfla. and they Invariably give speedy relief. Also In traveline
-NSSSSnSS am never without them to prevent drowsiness and headache "—1
E. L. SANFORD. Mgr. Etna Springs Hotel. Etna Springs, Call*.
nSNSSSSSS "Two years ago I had a severe attack of La Grippe, ana ma
Nx^oc^NS under the doctor's care for five days without any relief. Then I "
s^sSSSSSS; bought a. box of Dr. Miles* Anti-Pain Pills, and five Pain PUls
m XVvnn^vs: W cured me - -A- short time ago I had another attack, but thanks
4^00^0000^5^ to l he Pain Pills I was soon cured, taking only three of tha
Pllls."-JOHN N. PURTTEMAN. GlendalerOre. *
>$c$$Q\v^ neuralgia, Rheumatism, Sciatica, Backache, La Grippe, Pain In
sSx^ysss- Stomach, Ague Pains, Indigestion, Dizziness, Nervousness and
SVOnSxnJ Sleeplessness.
ocvv$$$$ "Once, and often twice a week, for years I have had spoils
oSvoooov of dull, heavy pains across the forehead accompanied with
¦sSvSSx^SS pains in heart, arm and shoulders. I find Dr. Miles' Antl-Paln
v^Osvoo Pills very beneficial, one tablet usually being sufficient to stop
sNNNNNSNN the pain."— MRS. LEOXA ELDER. Wheatland, Calif.
C$O$$S^S "I could not set along without Dr. Miles' Antl-Paln PttTs.
They give me almost Instant relief from almost any pain.
SNSSSSNN I Ri ve them to all of the children, even the baby, and w» feel
XnSxsnnS n o ba^ effects afterwards, as one does from most medicines."—
SSXSSNNS: MRS. IRA ALLEN. 20S Indiana Ave.. Riverside. Calif.
Id SSSSSSSSoV Or. Miles' Antl-Paln PIHs are told by all druggist*, 25 cents «
J^CCsNNnSSSS^ box, under a positive guarantee that the first dox well benefit
iT^^>>VYYVH or money refunded.
the Genuine Or. Miles' Remedies are never sold at Cot Prices.SACRAMENTO WOMAN WHO
HORSEWHIPPED HER PRET
TY DAUGHTER'S SUITOR.
New York Inspectors Assess the Cali
fornian for Bringing With Him
a Swiss Watch.
NEW YORK, Oct. 6.— Senator George
C. Perkins of California, who has been
on an extended tour abroad, was a pas
senger on the Red Star liner Finland,
which arrived from Antwerp to-day.
"Were I an Englishman," said Senator
Perkins, "I would believe In Chamber
lain. But. as an American. I believe In
a protective tariff."
Then, by way of showing that his pref
erence for a protective tariff was not
merely theoretical, he exhibited a watch
which he had bought In Switzerland for
his daughter.
"I have just paid $28 duty on It." he
explained, "and I believe- 1 could have got
the watch here for less."
SENATOR- PERKINS BACK
FROST EUROPEAN TOUR
PITTSBURG. Oct. 6.— At a meeting to
day of the committee appointed by the
blast furnace operators of the Central
West a week ago to consider restricting
the output of iron to the market require
ments It was decided to order a suspen
sion of 25 per cent of the capacity of the
last quarter of the year. The Southern
blast furnace operators, with headquar
ters in Birmingham, Ala., with a capacity
of more than 1,300,000 tons, will co-operate
with the Northern furnace operators to
prevent an overproduction of Iron and will
suspend operations to about the same ex
tent.
Blast Furnace Operators Will Limit
Operations During' Last Quarter
of the Year.
DECIDE TO RESTRICT
THE OUTPUT OP IBON
¦ SEATTLE, Wash., Oct. 6.— The unusu
ally heavy squalls raging In the Straits of
Fuca yesterday and ; last night made all
classes of shipping run to cover. . The lit
tle schooner Wlshkah, from. Aberdeen: for
Seattle, turned turtle and was lost about
twenty-five ¦ miles 3 from Clallam : Bay ' at
11:30 o'clock yesterday forenoon. , She was
seen to go over by both the brigantlhe
John Smith' and the fishing schooner. Ella
Jane of Seattle. 5 ; The latter.; went ia i the
assistance of the Wlshkah, picking up her
crew of two men, Ben Gustavsen and "An
drew Sandberg-, who were brought to Port
Angeles. , . ". * • -•
Little Schooner Turns Turtle.
CHICAGO, Oct 6.— Fifty members of
the First Regiment Band, who refused to
play in the centennial parade last week,
have been recommended for discharge
from the regiment. Colonel Sanborn, In
recommending the dismissal, declared it
was his duty to maintain discipline. The
band refused to take part In the centen
nial parade because the Marine Band of
Washington. D.'C./was selected to play
at the centennial banquet. The latter not
being union musicians, a boycott was de
clared by the local bands against the en
tire celebration.
Musicians May Be Dismissed.
i * Miss > Donaldina , Cameron, the \ superin
tendent ) of i the * home, \ had charge of ; the
affair. '-" The couple will start ' on their
honeymoon to-nawrow.
; Following ¦ the ceremony an elaborate
banquet, was strved In the schoolroom, at
the conclusion of .which"- appropriate
speeches -were - made -by. many of the
guests,' among whom were several promi
nent; local Chinese merchants.
The kindred feeling that the Oriental
citizens show to the Stars and Stripes
was aptly demonstrated last night In the
Chinese Presbyterian Mission Home. 920
Sacramento street, when Jean Lun Lane,
a well to do merchant of Santa Barbara,
and pretty Chew Kun Son of the home
were united in matrimony by the Rev.
Ira M.Condlt. superintendent of the
Presbyterian 1 Church and mission. A not
able feature of the ceremony was that the
bride and groom were both attired in the
costume of this country.
The hall of the mission home, where
the wedding took place, was appropriately
decorated with ; the I banners of both na
tions and was filled ; with friends of the
contracting. parties, besides several mem
bers of the institution, male and female,
who, attired in native costume, added to
the' picturesque surroundings.
Jean Lun Lane and Chew Kun Son
Are Wedded at the Presbyterian
Mission Home. ;
MABBIED UNDER THE
BITES OF CHBISTIANITY
MANILA, Oct. 6.— Bishop Doherty, the
first American clerical dignitary appointed
to the islands, has just arrived here. An
enthusiastic welcome was extended to him
by the Filipinos and Spanish- American
residents.
Bishop Doherty Beaches Manila.
PITTSBURG, Oct. 6.— The Dispatch to
morrow will say:- An international sym
pathetic strike, affecting the 60,000 organ
ized bridge and structural iron workers
in the -^United States and Canada, is
scheduled to be called in a few weeks.
Pittsburg will contribute. 3000 men, com
pletely tying up all bridge and structural
work here and throwing out of employ
ment thousands of men of other crafts in
this city. . • 1"';
The strike Is to be in sympathy with the
fight of the New York members against
the Cornell Construction Company, mem
bers of the big combine.- :'*j •¦.',-*;
LEXINGTON, Ky., Oct. 6.— It is report
ed here to-night that J. R. Keene has
purchased the English stallion - Galtee
More for $125,000 and will bring him to
America. . , v , ¦' ? ;^~-
Beported to Have Paid $125,000 for
the Famous Stallion.
KEENE BUYS GALTEE MOBE.
Will Tie Up Construc
tion Throughout
the Country.
Mrs. Jongers, before her first marriage,
was a Miss McAllister of the wealthy Mc-
Allister family, socially prominent in New
York, and a sister of the well-known San
Francisco lawyer.
"The, respondent's charges," writes
Judge Leventritt, "against the lady who
was once his wife, while made with cer
tain directness so far as he is. concerned,
lack corroboration and are met by such
complete, specific and honest denials from
so many sources that there remains noth
ing of them but their malice. The writ
ten evidence of the respondent's third
marriage, contracted after the divorce,
which he specifically denies, convicts him
of falsehood, and that, together with his
moral and financial status, satisfies me
that the custody of the child should be
where the court properly directed it in
the first instance."
NEW TORK, Oct. 6.— Alexander C.
Young is adjudged by Judge Leventritt of
the Supreme Court not to be entitled to
the custody of his 4-year-old daughter,
Ix>uise McAllister Young, whom he took
from her grandmother, Mrs. Caroline Og
den McAllister, while his former wife,
who was married to Alphonse Jongers,
was abroad on their wedding trip.
Judge Leventritt gays It is so apparent
where the truth is that it would be a
travesty on justice to defer a decision in
the case.
Special Dispatch to The Call. I ST
- NEW TORK. Oct. 6. — A conference between
the counsel for the Consolidated Lake Su
perior Comsany and those for Speyer & Co.
was held to-day, at which the sale of the
property was postponed until Thursday, Octo
ber 15.
Mrs. Jongers Triumphs
Over Her Former
Husband.
BERLIN, Oct. 6.— A dispatch to the
Tageblatt from Constantinople - says
United States Minister Leishman has
rented the palace of Corpl. one of the
most beautiful houses in the city, pre
sumbaly on account of his approaching
elevation to the rank of Embassador.
Irishman Rents a Palace.
MOTHER RETAINS
CHILD'S CONTROL
BRIDGE WORKERS
SOON TO STRIKE
The father of young* Douglas declares
his son's reputation can easily be proved
excellent, and that he had got out of a
sick bed only a few days before the whip
ping episode.
Q -K-K ¦!¦ I"M"M"M '¦l"H"H"I"M"M-I- O
Both Bockrath and his wife declare that
there is no truth in Douglas' story that
he was beaten by men immediately after
the horsewhipping scene, and that what
ever bruises Douglas shows are due to the
lashes of Mrs. Bockrath's whip, punctu
ated by a few blows from her husband's
fists.
SACRAMENTO, Oct 6.— "I horse
whipped Philip Douglas,"" "said
Mrs. Charles Bockrath in the City
Justice's Court to-day, "and un
der the circumstances I would do
it again."
Justice' March held that the courts of
fered a remedy if young Douglas had
broken the law in going with Mrs. Bock
rath's pretty 16-year-old daughter, and
that, inasmuch as Bockrath and his wife
had pleaded guilty of the charge of bat
tery preferred by Douglas, he would fine
them $20 each.
Mr. and Mrs. Bockrath paid their fines,
but Mrs. Bockrath insisted that she had
done right.
"What can a mother do under such cir
cumstances?" said Mrs. Bockrath in an
interview to-day. "It is not a crime pun
ishable by arrest and imprisonment for a
young man of 23 or 24 to keep the com
pany of a girl of* 16, even though the
parents believe he is not a proper asso
ciate for her. The most the parents of
the girl can do is to reason with the
young man and ask him if he will not
wait until the girl becomes of age and
visit her at her home, and then if. in vio
lation of a promise, he continues to go
with that. girl, the parents should do as
I have don&T-take a horsewhip to him.
"This is the second time I have horse
whipped Douglas in a public place, for the
reason that it is the second time he has
broken his promise to quit paying atten
tion to my daughter. My daughter is a
good, pure girl, and I believe It is my duty
as a mother to watch out for her and to
protect her with a horsewhip whenever
it seems to me she needs such protection.
"I believe there are many other mothers
who should do the same for their daugh
ters, and they should be commended for
it and not subjected to the annoyance of
arrest. I have pleaded guilty, first be
cause I horsewhipped , Douglas as he
charges, and second because . I did not
want to drag my daughter into a trial In
court."
The admiral, also withdraws the letter
he wrote to the Admiralty demanding an
unreserved apology from General Hunter
and expresses his sorrow at the personal
remarks. The incident is now closed.
LONDON. Oct. 6.— It was announced at
the War' Office In connection with |he
controversy between Rear Admiral Lamb
ton and General Sir Archibald Hunter,
commander of the forces in Scotland
(over the sneering remarks made by the
latter concerning the "marksmanship of
the crews of the naval guns at the, siege
of Ladysmith, the general offering to take
children out of school and make them
shoot better), that General Hunter has of
ficially intimated his regret at the expres
sions he 'used, which he withdraws,
though he cannot alter his opinion, and
deplores the Incident as tending to dimin
ish the good feeling between the army
and navy.
Retracts His Attack Upon British
Naval Gunners, but Holds to
Former Opinion.
GENERAL HUNTER MAKES
A ROUNDABOUT APOI/OQY
F. Ziesf eldt Jr. has achieved a great
triumph for his proauctlon is almost as
massive 'as "The Darling of the Gods." ,
Grace Van Studdlford. the star of the
production, scored a distinct success and
her singing of "The Red Feather," "Be
Merry Caval," "A Madrigal," and her
duet with Mr. Tallman, "To Call Thee
Mine." were among the hits of the pro
duction. Elise de Voc. a French, artist
brought here for this production by Mr.
Ziegfeldt, met with warm appreciation.
She has an excellent voice and dance*
.well, • £
In the matter of securing a chorus,
Ziegfeldt exceeded all his past efforts.
There are 150 people In the ensembles.
The chorus sings with strength, force and
feeling. The production is massive in
every particular, the second' act being a
most gorgeous one.
V Ziegfeldt Jr. and Joseph W. Herbert
are' to . be congratulated on the staging
of the production. They were ably assist
ed by Max Flgman. Among those in the
audience were Anna Held and Mrs. Jos
eph W. Herbert. ' - : :,
BALTIMORE, Md., Oct. 6.— After a
postponement .of twenty-four hours thd
Ziegfeldt Opera Company to-night gave
the romantic opera, "The Red Feather,"
Its first presentation, and ' the house,
which was packed from orchestra rail
to the back gallery wall, gave many testi
monials of its. warm appreciation.
Charles Klein. Charles Emerson Cook
and -Reginald de Koven are responsible
'for the work and they have achieved a
remarkable success. Encore after encore
was demanded by the audience.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Large Audience Gives Many
Testimonials of Warm
Appreciation.
"The Red Feather" Suc
cessfully Produced
at Baltimore.
ROMANTIC OPERA
WINS APPROVAL
Mrs. Bockrath of Sacramento Declares In
and Out of Court That .She Adminis
tered Proper Punishment tp Douglas
JUDGE IMPOSES FINES
FOR A HORSEWHIPPING
LIBRARY PLANS
ARE ENLARGED
MEXICANS FALL
IN FEUD FIGHT
Stanford University to
Have Rare Structure
for Books.
Three Lives Are Taken
and Two Women
Are Wounded
Desperate Battle Fought at
Night in Camp Near
Cananea.
Million Dollar Endowmant
and Room for a Mil
lion Volumes.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 6.-
Several important changes have been an
nounced In regard to the new library
building, the construction of which will
be begun In January. It Is now reported
that Mrs. Stanford is to build the library
with money from her own private fortune
Instead of leaving Its construction to the
original university endowment.
The first plans for the building have been
refused, and others which are much more
elaborate have been completed and for
warded to Mrs. Stanford at Melbourne,
Australia, where she is now the guest of
the Hon. Thomas Welton Stanford. The
estimated cost of the library' building un
der the present plans is $500,000, and in ad
dition to this sum an endowment for the
library Itself of $1,000,000. It Is reported,
will also b^ given.
The plans for the new structure call for
a three-story edifice, 340 feet by 145 feet.
It will occupy a position to the northeast
of the main quadrangles and will directly
face the recently completed chemistry
building. The material for the structure
Is to conform with that of the other uni
versity buildings, while the architecture
Is of the Byzantine style. Shelf room
will be provided for 1,000,000 volumes.
Special Dispatch to The Can.
CANANEA. Mexico. Oct. 6.— In a fight
which occurred In Puerto Citos. a nearby
camp, on Monday night, arising out of a
"feud of long standing, three persons are
dead and two are dying.
Luclo Cervantes and Jose Florencio bad
fcr a long time threatened to kill Rafael
Lopez, Assistant Chief of Police, and
-Luia Monreal and on Monday night
y i out with that avowed Intention.
They found the men at the house of two
women, and, after breaking down the
doer, both cf them opened flre. When
the chambers of their six-shooters had
been emptied. Florencio made his escape,
while Cervantes drew a knife and stabbed
Lopex six times.
Lopez and Aroya, his friend, had drawn
their revolvers, but their reply to the vol
leys . of their assailants was ineffective.
After completing the deadly work Cer
vantes also escaped, but was caught three,
miles north of the camp. Florenclo Is still
at large.
Those attracted to the scene found
Aroya ar.d one of the Mexican women.
T-omasa Flores. lying dead and Lopez
and the two other women seriously
¦wounded. They were taken to the Can
e::'3 Hospital, where Lopez died shortly
afterward, the third victim of the bloody
Sght.
Scouts to Trail Murderers.
MISSOULA, Mont.. Oct. 6. — Indian
scouts, headed by Joe Mfsles, chief of
the Flathead Indian Reservation, will be
used to trail the men who killed Frank
Urell. bartender In George Ragdale's sa
loon at Trout Creek, and seriously wound
ed Ragdale. This step has been decided
upon because there has been a rain since
the shooting and it would be impossible
for bloodhounds to follow the trail.
Lightning Strikes Crowded Tent.
KAXSAS CITT. Oct. 6.— Lightning struck
a tent In the Rock Island Railroad camp
at Eleventh street and Muncle boulevard
In Kansas City, Kan., during a violent
etorm to-night, killed two men, injured
five others and shocked all the other oc
cupants of the tent, about fifteen In num
ber. The dead: Joseph Franklin, 20 years
of ag*; James Logan.
SAN' JOSE. Costa. Rica, Oct. 6. — Demetrlo
Iglesias, ex-Fresldent of Costa Rica, Is dead.
¦.¦.-¦*•
THE SAN FBANC1SCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 7, 1903.
3
DB. KTLMEB'S SWAMP-BOOT.
m YOUR KIDNEYS WEAK?
Thousands Have Kidney Trouble and Never
Suspect It*
To Prove What the Great Kidney Remedy, Swamp-Jtoot,
- Will Do for YOU, Every Reader of The Call May Have
a Sample Bottle Sent Absolutely Eree by MaiL
It used to be considered that only urinary and imim,^ ¦,
bladder troubles were to be traced to the kid- j^BSngi^^;
neys, but now modern science proves that near- fiwfff* mt^V^W
ly all diseases have their beginning In the dla- *y 1 1^¦CJ*fl8JP y
order of these most Important organs. (tmm < niwjt '
The kidneys filter and purify the blood— that |g a g k ij$
Is 'th^Ir work . c fS"*- «• fl wp
Therefore, when your kidneys are weak or out fS ~ • tx jfi
of order, you can understand how quickly your 1 lliT Sn
entire body la affected, and how every I II |jfl
orgran seems to fall to do Its duty. J! I In HI
V If you are sick or "feel badly," begin f I it \'\
taking the great kidney remedy. Dr. Kll- n 9 jj 11
mer's Swamp- Root, because as soon as III I m\
your kidneys are well they, will help all 11 fun
the other organs to health. A trial will dy&ML \\ n y%>
Weak and unhealthy kidneys are re-
pponslble for many kinds of diseases, and <W^^3^sK*<BB8fflaBB>SiSBl^l'-.lMk.
if permitted to continue much suffering T ">•**?¦' ¦¦'¦¦ -^VlgS
v.ith fatal reeults is sure to follow. J¥-\
Kidney trouble irritates the nerves, makei WijGmSdm \^^i^%W^^^^^S3k
you dizzy, restless, sleepless and irrita- iSSsUSJ HflSil fflnfflfliJSiHllgaaiSa
b!e. Makes you pass water often during. SigJIJuSBi JiruOlliiaullHuiSilllHBJMHH
the day and obliges you to pet up many Bigaj**" 1 "' » «——--¦» fW)l
times during the night. Unhealthy kid- j|jgsi -»„ Kiiirvma ilMIH
neys cause rheumatism, gravel, catarrh jSgil DK * »¦**'•«*•¦»'» HfllB
of the bladder, pain or dull ache in the I ifiS] 'OW A 3lTl> DOriT *IhH9
back, joints and muscles; makes your [HHl O VY ilifll "IvUUi \WvA\
headache and back ache, causes lndi- j SHlj **wv* jgi n
gestlon. stomach and liver trouble, you WBm Kidney, Liver and Bladder IHJH
get a sallow, yellow complexion, makes jlj^fi 1&M
you feel as though you had heart trouble; n<| CURE. IIIHJ' 1
you may have plenty of ambition, but no jiljcljt .,,,—.., It Calif
strength: get weak and waste away. ' II p "«.-»». giS
The cure for these troubles is Dr. Kll- 5J M«y t»k» on*, two or Kb** S31a
mor's Swamp-Root, the world-famous KJI t«Mpcoiifai|ib««or«or»ft«pm«Js %mm
kidney remedy. In taking Swamp-Root *8tf md »t bedamu. fipifl
you afford natural help to Nature, for I \jSfin Chil Jren lev teocnlinz to wr*. ftti LH
Swamp-Root is the most perfect healer I |H Mar comaieiie* with n*n d&M. |||,LjH
and gentle aid to the kidneys that is ftl *nd Jacrea*. tofalldo«.ormor% fl|j.||
known to medical science. g 8 « th. c«. would »«m to r*nlr*. j I £§
If there is any doubt in your mind as Ifcglg Tbi« j^eat r*tnedr curw aa 1/ llffi
to your condition, take from your urine ijS.R Wdn«y. Bw. bi*ddw aad CHo jlglH
on rising about four ounces, place It in a !« Acid trouble* and diaopJan do. j|e|ij
glass or bottle and let it stand twenty- §3 i 0 .'?" eJl - nch , u^ HmS
four hours. If on examination It Is milky >|££ ° f J^ 8 J «aad«. r™^ ' h , <m ?*- M ggl
or cloudy, if there Is a brick-dust settling. «g! "™* t !^1.51 ffl Jj H ?i fl BIB
or if small particles float about in It. your |H d^Jl. 'I Bl8
kidneys are in need of immediate atten- jgi It to pleaiaat to Uka. rHKlH
Swamp-Root is pleasant to take and is I Si I pre?a?£D omly BT JjSfilJ
used in the leadinp hospitals, recommend- ,. MJ 1BJS
ed by physicians in their private practice, Iran On. KILMER & CO. Ijol)
and is taken by doctors themselves who it Sail BIMGHAMTnM M Y fl*SHi
have kidney ailments, because they rec- HlEa! » 1 »«"«»»m,».i. CT*^ fj
ognize in it the greatest and most sue- q Eil Sold by ail Druggists. Hfjf H
cessful remedy for kidney, liver and blad- | &JIJ Lmm ¦^¦^ ¦. mm _ — n« J ibmIi
d Tf tr yo U u ble are already convinced that PJWM^^'^^^^^Mf^
Swamp-Root is what you need, you can 1J fcg -!* >LJ *5!*«g=iS!!!SgjC^MaiilMia«
purchase the regular fifty-cent and on© B x^-^v^yftfiSs ' 1 1i!!S!S^^S?mE3
dollar size bottles at the drug stores T| MiM|.fjjfflEg^^^"^i^^^rTP"f~**TfT
everywhere. Don't make any mistake, RJ 4j|]Ii^^^&" /:^^^3S«j!H
but remember the name, Swamp-Root, jjjg^^g-"- _ ' ~ -- -=^^^^>^»^
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, and the ad- *^BJLJJJ*-~-' M ?- i J — 1*P Mlwm**LJ.,i-Ji,^":L!~s*
dress Binghamton, N. Y. t . on every bot-
tle. (Swamp-Root Is pleasant to take.)
EDITORI AXi NOTE— You may have a sample bottle of this wonderful remedy.
Swamp- Root, sent absolutely free 'by mall. -also a book telling 1 all about Swamp-
Root, and containing many of the thousands upon thousands of testimonial let-
ters received from men and women who owe their good health. In fact their very
lives, to the great curative properties of Swamp-Root. In writing to Dr. Kilmer
& Co., Binghamton, N. Y., be sure to say you read this generous offer In The San
Francisco Dally Call.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT
Concerning Overcoats
: : : SELLING AT : : :
$IO, $I2.5O, $15 and $l8
<L Although we have one of the
largest and most complete selec-
tions of fine dress overcoats ever
shown in this City, we have by no
means overlooked the needs of
the moderate buyer : : : : :
<L Our line of medium high-grade
goods which we are offering at
popular prices cannot he excelled
in quality of cloth, cut and work-
manship Tor the money : : :
C Unusual care was used in se-
lecting this stock, for we were de- .
termined to give you the greatest
possible values for the least pos-
sible price. The widest variety
of styles to choose from and all
are new goods of this season's
selection : : : : : : :
CL Before deciding come and see
what we have to offer at these
Sio.oo, $12.50, $15.00, $18.00
d Mail orders promptly filled. Write to department
B for new Style book, "About Clothes."
KEARNY AT POST
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters . ?i much R to f te t able t0 Eet
1 s a great RESTOHAwvis. ixvigora- Schilling's Best at your gro
* tor and Nervine. . \ .
T^t^j^ogFyx^js^ cers; your mone y goes twice
KSW. M .SiU I !?ayS l ffi i l^ia! as far, and comes back ifyou
_, 'i, AB J :R - AJ-fS A BRUNE. Agents. ' .
323 Market tc. S. F.— (Send for Orcular..) want it.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
ADVERTISEMENTS.
.^E^^^j this made io
\ your measure
/I^^^^^Ii^ctM^^^ 'sit e . man w^° as not p ur ~
lMlt_ c^ ase<^ h' s Fall suit we have these
We cansave him money whether
i^^^^^^Mm, he p a^ s us $1 ° or $3 > for his sui . t
JB^^^^WlmBlSB^ W e make suits to order from $10 up, and in
W^^^^^^^mgKBy e vei 7 instance our prices are from $J to $10
m^^K^^^^^^m ess an ose as^ ec^ by exclusive tailors for
goods of equal quality. We are proving this
to hundreds of people every month.
«- "HUraraHffi e guarantee style, fit, workmanship, ma-
* er^ anc * wear * man ne ?^ run a " s k * n
buying here— he gets protection. If he keeps
"\ e su^ we w '" re P a ' r > s P° n g e . an d P r ess it
free of charge. It he is dissatisfied he can
SS-^^^^^ 'Come in and see our Fall patterns. You
ca c ' ont ave *° k uy t> ecause y° u lp°k» nor d°
"^Iffl^^^^^ y° u ave ee^ e c^°^ es a^er they are
$\ l^SI We can ress you as we " as you ave
WftMt SHI always dressed at a third less the cost.
llSiif 11:1% Ulis safts^ acior1^/ mac^ e io orc^ er f° r out-of-town
•^>^-^^^a^ customers — write /or blank and samples.
740 Market Street and
Corner Powell and Bddy Streets*SOME LEADING MEMBERS OF
THE REPUBLICAN MUNICI
PAL CAMPAIGN COMMITTEE.
CLEVELAND, Ohio. Oct.- 6.— John F.
Kebo& cashier of the branch office of
the Pacific Mutual Life Insurance Com
pany of California, was arrested to-day
on a warrant charging him with embez
zling J8000 of the company's funds. Ke
hoe claims that he can prove his inno
cence.
ti'H-M-M'Hmi I! : 1 1: ;i ;¦¦:¦«
mer President Cleveland and members of
the Cabinet in which Bissell served as
Postmaster General.
Cashier Accused of Embezzlement.
MILAN, Italy. Oct. 6.— The Secolo, In a
dispatch from Rome to-day, published an
extended Interview with Premier Zanar
delli on the significance of the approach-
Ing visit of Kins; Victor, Emanuel, in
which the Italian statesman la, quoted as
saying:
Tbe Italian democracy haa always given
4he warmest rapport to friendly relations be
tween £tanc« and Italy, which is another
pledge of European peace. All our efforts are
In that direction. No one. rejoices- more than
I at this bappy rapprochement. The Klnsj's
Voysr* is the culmination of our aspirations,
giving a solemn consecration to the hearty ex
changes-of good will between the French and
Italian fleets. *
' Bignor Zanardelli added that he re
gretted his inability to acomepany the
King, owing to the multiplicliy • of do
mestic problems to be solved before the
reassembling of the Italian Parliament.
Premier Zanardelli Says It Is An
other Pledge of the Peace of
, Europe. .
SIGNXPICAHCE OF VISIT
OF ITALY'S ZTNO TO TRAXCE
NEW HA VEX. Conn., Oct. t— Returns
from all the towns In the State where
elections were held, with the exception of
Kllllngsworth; show that 123 went Re
publican. " thirty-seven returned Demo
cratic majorities and tn one. Canterbury,
there was a tie vote. A review of the li
cense vote throughout the State shows
that seventy-six towns favor license,
while ninety-one are against It.
Republicans Carry the Elections.
The platform adopted supports Roose
velt's administration and the principles
adopted at the last Republican conven
tion.
PROVIDESCE. R. L. Oct. S.— The Re
publicans of Rhode Island met here to
day In State convention, formed, a per
manent organization and selected a ticket
beaded by Colonel Samuel P.* Colt of
Bristol, president of the United States
Rubber Company. George H. Utter of
Westerley was nominated for Lieutenant
Governor; C. P. Bennett of Providence
for Secretary of State; C. F. Steamers of
Providence for Attorney General and W.
A. Reed of Gloucester for General Treas
urer.
Nominate State Ticket.
KHODZ ISULHD BZPTJHLICA2TS.
Meet in Convention at Providence and
Grout, when informed to-night Mr. Hen
richs had been- agreed spen as the can
didate for Comptroller on the Fusion
ticket, issued the following statement:, .
I do net believe that Hearlehs eaa accept
it* ccaslsxtlaa. - The first toaa ti*t I aset after
the newspapers h*d ptit^ahed tke tews cf tbe
prQpoaed Indorsement o* nse fer ti*e I>«iaceratic
party asd tay »t*t«n»«:t cf ti« uaceaiMic=al
tercis epen which TcouM aceept was Frederlci
W. Htsrlchs. He thocght that I wa» rlKit.
aad fcis every expression and cpiai^i was pre
cimt'.T the eazse as r:l2«. Ia view cf tbe ccn
versa.U«i. I do cot believe H*srlchs wia feel
that b* can accept tbe noTr'TatVin
The motion to select was made by Tim
othy Lu Woodruff, and was adopted unan
imously.
N*EW YORK, Oct. 6. — Frederick VT.
Henrichs cf Brooklyn was selected by the
Fusion conference committee to-clght for
the Fusion ""^^a'* for Comptroller, to
succeed Edward M. Grout. No candidate
for President of the Board, of Aldermen
wes selected, adjournment being taken
until to-morrow.
The Fusion Committee
Names Another Oan-
GROUT IS TAKEN
OFF THE TICKET
MATOn * ECQEXE SCHMITZ
addressed the. voters of the
Twenty-eighth Assembly District
last ntpht. The meetlrK beld
In Layng's Pavfllon. at 24« Third street,
which Is asoally devoted to auction sales
of horses.' - There was a btr attendance of
the voters of the district The small boy
was also present. 'and raised his youns
vole* In cheers for th« Union Labor par
ty's standard bearer. Mayor Schmitx was
loudly cheered when he entered the place,
and when he arose to address the bis
gathering he was heartily greeted. "Wcrk
ingmen composed the spectators, and al
most every one present wora a Schmitz
button. %
The Mayor took occasion to anvwer
? :: i :!¦::¦:: :rn : it iI'M-m-i-#
-The fizht i« between Henrr J-
Croeker and tbe labor candidate. ••
he Bald, "and not hetvreea Franklin
K. Lane and myself. Lane l« not to
be considered la lhl» rontr»t."
He also said he had rr-ade mistake* in.
office, but they were not dishonest cues.
He «aid othera had made them bsf->re
him. and others to fallow him wtrail
make them. Mayer Scisslrx *yp»a>tl t»
the voters to elect him to a aecend t«rr=B.
In crder that he might carry «5"=t t£*
work he ha* planned for the welfare cf
the city. "There is no s=an In its etty
cf San Francisco." h* (aid. •**£*> caa
point his £=z*r at tn« labor Mzjnr «=*S
say that h* was net a cnGt V> tha pevz'.i
who- put him la cfaos."
The Mayor a?s«tI*«S to tia TSfcrr* f%
vote for tbe a«r=ial£fcs cZ &k. Geary
street RaHwa?. Tbrsza&xl 12* *£*«£&.
ha wzs ereeted -*lt3 rtuwmu K* mrjtrnA
quite a hi: feT I«aTl=3r ti» «« *»2 **-
ccrtins a dJat=rt«r ta a. **az z*xt z» t&_
own. in. crd*r to k»»p gfsa frss fat^rrrr^-
In^ the rpeaken. Oth«T3 w^iss&J v* tirrw
the intoxica:*»i man cnt.
Speeches w*r» ai*> is*i» by Po-wel
FredricX A. M. Ar=istr-^j. Hirry Kaox
asd others who deatre th« taicr zZcjuz Co
¦prevail at the conzirs etwrticn.
¦"nror SchmUi also Mid tttmt the
norklnffBfa bad to rbooar hnwfrn
Henry J. Crocker and the labor ran.
dirtntr for Mayor. He said tbe Dem
ocratic eaadldate for Mayor wm the
-weakest man In the fls;ht aa« the
vote* of the worklocmeo aboald so
to hlxnuelf, as he wasi their repre
sentative.
some of the statements made by the oppo
sition. Ha 9J-..1 he went Eis:. in behalf
of William R. Hearst, not because Hearst
was a" Democratic candidate for Con
irresa. but because he was a friend of la
bor. "Now. I want to- say to you gentle
men to-night, and I want to meet it bold
ly and fairly." he said. "I did not ffo East
to speak for a Democrat. I went East- to
speak fcr one whom. I believed to be a
friend cf the working people of Saa Fran
cisco, and I would do so again, whether
he be a Democrat or a Republican, to
show my rratltude for aiy man who Is a
friend of labor."
Mayor Schmitz Says Also Fight Is Be
tween Himself and Crocker.
LABOR CANDIDATE
DEFENDS HIMSELF
BUFFALO, Oct. 6.— Wilson S. Blssell,
former Postmaster General, died at 10:15
o'clock to-night. At about noon he sank
into a deep sleep, and it was with difficul
ty that he was' aroused at Intervals dur
ing the afternoon for nourishment and
medicine. The end came easily and peace
fully. Dr. Dewitt Sherman, the physician
who has been attending him during his
recent illness, and members "of the fam
ily were at his bedside.
Blsseir suffered from complications
thought to be akin to Brlght's disease,
although not well understood. During the
latter part of his illness numerous mes
sages of Inquiry -were received from for-
Former Postmaster Gen
eral Passes Away
at Buffalo.
Two Men Killed andTwo
Injured in Humboldt
County.
Epecial Dispatch to Tbe Call.
EUREKA. Oct. «.— A disastrous col
lision occurred yesterday morning at 8:15
o'clock* near Fortuna between an extra
and the regular freight train on the San
Francisco and- Northwestern Railroad.
Two men have died from injuries sus
tained in the accident and two others
were severely but not seriously hurt. The
dead are:'
CHARLES STILL, fireman on the ex
tra.
HENRY LOWE, brakeman on the
freight;
Th» injured are Alexander Hutchinson,
brakeman on the freight, who received
a wrenched back and a badly bruised left
leg,' and Peter Clark, conductor on the
freight, wbo had his face and body bad
ly bruised and his neck wrenched- The
fatalities would have been greater had
not most of the crew savpd themselves
by Jumping from, tbe trains before they
came together.
The collision was caused either by a
misunderstanding of orders or by viola
tion of them. Conductor Rolley says he
received orders giving him the right of
way. while Conductor Clark maintains
that he had orders to take the siding at
Xewberg, but these were subsequently
countermanded and he was proceeding in
his usual way.
The northbound train, loaded with
freight and lumber, started from Scotia,
while the southbound, an extra, consist
ing of an engine and empty • natcars,
started from Fields Landing. Both trains
were under orders, but what orders it Is
Impossible to say. The fronfend of each
engine was attached to the bead car and
they were hauling the train tenders in
front. William Snure, a brakeman of tbe
extra was on the lookout and upon hear
ing the approaching freight gave warn
ing to Engineer Riordan. The latter told
him to see how close it was, but before
he could comply the tenders of the two
engines came together with terrific im
pact.. Neither engine left the track, but
the tender of each was demolished. A re
markable fact is that neither engineer
was Injured, though each stayed with his
engine and did everything possible to pre
vent a collision.
DEATH SUMMONS
WILSON BISSELL
The services were the prescribed funeral
services of the Episcopal church. The
musical programme was rendered by the
choir of St. John's and the string or
chestra of the Marine Band. The three
hymns rendered were sung at the cabled
request of Lady Herbert and were the
same as those rendered at the funeral
services to-day In Great Britain.
Owing to unavoidable absence from the
city, none. of Sir Michael Herbert's asso
ciate Embassadors were present at the
services, but all of them telegraphed to
Mr. Raikes their sincere regret.
The burial service was conducted by
the Archdeacon of Wiltshire, Canon
Meade and Canon Oliver. The music in
cluded an Interlude specially composed by
Sir Hubert Parry, director of the Royal
College of Music. The body was laid in
a flower-lined grave in the churchyard-
Wreaths were sent by Cornelius Van
derbllt, Mrs. Ogden Goelet. the Earl and
Countess of Yarmouth and the American
Society In London.
The report that Sir Michael died in the
Roman Catholic faith is unfounded.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 6. — Services,
solemn and impressive, in memory ol the
late Sir Michael Herbert, the Embassador
of Great Britain to the United States,
were held to-day tn St. John's Episcopal
Church. They were attended by the
President and Mrs. Roosevelt, Miss
Roosevelt, - members of the Immediate
family of Lady Herbert, President Roose
velt's Cabinet, members of the diplomatic
corps, members of the United States Su
preme Court, distinguished officers of -toe
army, navy and Marine Corps and promi
nent officials of the United Stat&s Gov
ernment. -, V.- :i
LONDON. Oct. 6.— The remains of Sir
Michael Herbert, the late British Embas
sadcr at Washington, were interred this
afternoon in the family burial ground at
Wilton, Wiltshire. King Edward and the
Prince of Wales sent representatives. Em
baesador Choate, Secretary White and
Second Secretary Carter cf the embassy
represented the United States. Simul
taneously there was an Impressive me
morial service in the liarlborough House
chapel.
Funeral of Sir Michael
Herbert Is Largely
Attended.
LIVES ARE LOST
IN A COLLISION
Only two days more remain for trans
fers cf residence. On Wednesday the
Registrar's cfSce will remain open con
tinuously from S:3> a. m. to 10 p. m.. and
on Thursday from 8:3) a. m. to midnight,
when all transfers cease for the munici
pal election November 3, 1503.
Two Days for Registration.
FRIENDS MOURN
DEAD DIPLOMAT
Workingmen who supported Schmitz In
1901 remark: "We cannot support Eugene
E. Bcnmitz this trip. He is so hopelessly
tied up to Ruef and Parry and the colt
that he cannot do what he knows he
ought to do."
Tbe organization committee of the
United Republican Committee knows that
many labor union men who voted for
Schmitz two years ago are lending their
support to tbe Republican candidate for
Mayor in this campaign. The announce
ment made by Julius Kabn at the busi
ness men's meeting night before last to
the effect that F. W. Dohrxnann was a
supporter of Henry J. Crocker for Mayor
was a topic of comment In mercantile cir
cles yesterday. .
M. D. Hyde, commander-in-chief of
the Army and Navy Republican League,
has Issued the following:
BAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 6. 1003.
To the Colonels and Officers ot tbe Camps
of the Army and Navy Leagues of San Fran
cisco, Cat.: You are respectfully requested to
meet at the headquarters, 41S Montgomery
street, room 4. at 2 p. rn., October 11, for con
sultation regarding what action you will • take
in the coming reuiicipal campaign in San Fran
cisco. It is desired that every r camp be, fully
represented, that a full and free discussion be
TOO MUCH BUEF.
Already the fact is accepted in political
circles that the race In this campaign
Is between Crocker and Schmitz. Lane
la a limping third in the running. Former
United States -Senator A. P. Williams,
in a recent speech to Republican business
men at the Union League Club, frankly
told his hearers that the fight was be
tween the Republican and Union Labor
nominees. Similar utterance was given
by Mayor Schmitz at a meeting In the
Twenty-eighth district last night. The
prediction is freely made that Democratic
business men and taxpayers perceiving
the trend of the combat, will vote for
Mr. Crocker.
All signs point to a great popular
demonstration in favor of Henry J.
Crocker's candidacy for Mayor at the
Alhaxnbra Theater next Saturday night-
It is the talk In the ¦ improvement clubs
and labor organizations that the time has
ccme for the election of a flm-class busi
ness man to administer the affairs of
San Francisco.
FTom every district the assurance cornea
that the Republicans are united and con
fident of victory. A record-breaking ma
jority for the entire Republican ticket
would not surprise the politicians. Com
ment is made "on the fact that the aver
age Republican vote In San Francisco at
the general election of 1302 was 23.00},
against the average Democratic vote of
24,000. There are many indications that
Henry J. Crocker will get 25.000 votes on
November 3. .
REPUBLICANS U .NIT ED.
the ratification at Alhambra Theater next
Saturday night were fully discusseJ at
the session of the committee yesterday.
The candidates on the Republican ticket
will meet to-night- When all the details
are arranged and the assignment of
speakers is made public announcement of
the meetings throughout tne city will be
given. The members of the campaign
committee purpose giving their entire
time and beet energies to the Republican
cause in this municipal contest. At the
outset they are greatly encouraged by
reports of unity and tnthuslasm all along
the Republican line. Henry J. Crocker,
the candidate for Mayor, is displaying
fine Qualities of leadership. It is the
Judgmenf of the campaign committee that
he will bring to the Republican camp in
this contest many business men who
have trained with the Democratic party
In former municipal campaigns.
day afternoon. The committee con
sists of W. J. Dutton (chairman). John
S. Partridge. A. G. FSsk. E. D. Peixotlo
end Daniel jl. Ryan. Topic* relaxinj- to
THE ReptftUcaa campp.fga cocraslt
tee held an Imporiact executivs
s*t«Jon zx If Geary street yester-
Can the Examiner reconcile its present
edvlce to t^e Union Labcr party with its
advice given on September IS. 13C2? Un
der the hftadir^, "The Etst Place for
Uston Lfcbcr to Show Its Strength." the
Exan-.irser said editorially:
"This folly of throwing their votes
j.iay is e«j>eclal!y true of the plain peo
ple, who most need the support of good
government. The rich and powerful do
not throw their votf % away. They seldom
or never give power and ofSce to any one
not Absolutely und^r their control. The
plain ptcpie habitually vote . for men
whose promises are aa large and as un
irob«tantlal as the fog tbat rolls in from
the Golfien Gate.
"The nnlona would he fools to do
CAIHJOT BE BECONCILED.
Tbe Examin*r now asks the voters cf
the Union Labor party to ssppcrt Frank
lin K Lane, who it aE«Tte-i laat year
was the perscril candidate of Gavin Mc-
Nab. the "avowed enemy of labcr."
"There ahoald be tbe aame union
betweea tbe Democratic party and
tbe workintrmen aa there ta be
tween tbe Republican party and
tbe trniu. For tbla reaaon the Dem
ocratic party and the I nlon Labor
party aboold losjically be behind the
unt ticket.**
Now contrast this editorial utterance of
the Examiner with one made in the last
few days, commenting on the nomination
cf Ltna for Mayer:
••Tbe Examiner will not anpport
Franklin K. Use. • • • Mr.
Lan« baa been for month* and la
non tbe peraoaal raodldiir of
Oavln Mc5ab. SScXab la tbe avowed
enemy of labor union*. Tbe Exam
iner la the friend of organized la
bor and therefore will not aapport
Mr. Franklin K. Use If he Is nom
inated."
Lfi th* Examiner know whether Gavin
ilcNab U in sympathy at the pr-rs*nt
time with labcr irArzu. and if the Exam
iner therefore s-jpportij^ McNab's **per
£.5oal choice" fcr Mayor?
Is it possible f or the Examiner to recon
cile its utterances cf one ytar a^o a.nd
those cf th* last few £ayi?
Why did the Examiner eay editorially
en September 2, L>.1, the following:
Kas tie Exasrurver zr.j evidence in its
7*£se«£l-n to shew that Gavin McNab.
the "avo-sred e^emr cf labcr" last year,
has experienced a change cf heart?
EELIES F0X2£ER STATTTMTTST.
That zjl?*:T ch.amp!c=.€d the cause cf the
tidon tsea at the time cT the teamsters'
etrlke \z. iy.1. hz.i ;_;Ei:.-. : Gavin McNab
fct that tirs* as the enemy cf the wcrk
li^mea. Why has the Exar=:r.er changed
iis colors tine* then?
Whr !• the Examiner bow top
pnrthig ir&nkllD K. Lane, the per
sonal choice of Gavin >lc>ab. the
¦»»(inf<S enemy of labor?"
V\ hj la the Examiner beseeehlas;
the xaember* of the Inlon Labor
party to aapport Franklin K. Lane
when It knowa him to be the llen
tentDl of Cavla Me.Nab. -avowed
enemy** of tbe labor nalona. wbo*e
r«we the Examlaer haa so vljor
onaly championed?
Why is the Examiner sow engaged in
the task cf thrcwing dust in the eyes cf
the Union Ltbcr voters?
Gavin McNab has been asssCed tn the
<¦-._—_-.« cf th* Hiirr.:r.-r for a !ocg t*Tne
fcs the en«=y cf iaior. It has shown,
edltcrtaZIy and rep&rtortally. that Gavin
ilcNab is hated tnd despised by the
labcr criens cf Sin Francisco. It taa
shown £*¦?*"¦ to b» bitterly exposed to the
worklngnien cf this city, and it has t^a*
i.- .' time »cV y ' B^sertfed that power cf
choice eiven to Mc^.'ab is suldie to the
L^mocraxy.
CHA2TGE3 ITS POLICY.
TEE "Errrirxr. wt!ch Is runr ws?
j^-rtirs; th* candidacy cf Franklin
K. Us« tor Mayer. Is en r*ccrd
u havirx opposed him ene year
t*"> i~ ti* campai^a fsr Govtrzcr cf Cal
ilcrrla en the grsj^nd thai Lene was the
r>emocrati= bo«s. and that M^Na.b wtls the
avowed enetry cf crg&nized labor. The
Examiner further «aii it cc'zli net and
•woell not ruppcrt his choice
Conditions rcsjardinc Laae's p-olit
•cal aapiratlona are the aame to-dar
wlb they 'were laat year. The Exam
iner cannot plead fsrnoranee of ex
isting- farta. It well kaowa that
Oavln Mc>ab la a Democratic bo«a
and that he dominated the receat
I>Toocratic convention that soml
zuued Laic for Mayor.
The - " 7 •-. —, .: r « - aiso knows that Gavin
2£cNab wa* a Democntt'c boss last year.
aid that ho dominated th» I>*mocra.tls
.-*••* ccnveation thit placed Frar.k*:n
K- L«.r.» before the vct«ri as tb« Demo
crs^c cicic* fcr Go^emcr. Why. may
it i< tj.t.h\ has the Examiner expeii
e=«*d a cr*r«e cf heart? Why has It
railed ax thla f.rrjn to the ruppcrt cf
:".-i_-.x.:.r. K. tmam when it cppo*«d him
"The Examiner is a Democratic cewB
pap*r. It hopes to support the Demo
cratic ticket with ail the power at its
command, bet it does not propose to tern
traitor to the working; people nor attempt
to deceive the masses cf men with whom
it made the f.ght last year. That was
a fight made for principle. When it was
argued that the support of the union
cause meant ruin for the Examiner, the
trcprietor said "All right. I am willing
to l>e ruined.' Having gained, the conn
deuce cf the union workers cf California,
the Examiner would think Itself a
traitor If It failed to point oat that
the continuance of the Mc.N'ab
rriliae meisi policemen on the
tmeka and (iatlinsj Bruno tn the
atreeta every time a atrike Is in
progress.
"The Examiner will not be
¦werved from Ita fidelity to the peo
file who treat It and In whom It be
leves. It will flarht the men and
tke political candtdatea wbo are
lined up with Gavin Mc.\*b."
.What has caused the Examiner , to
"swerve from ita fidelity" to the people
who trust It, and is it still engaged fn its
enterprise announced a year ago of
"nghtin^'the men and the political casdi
dites who are lined up with Gavin Mc-
NabT'
Why does the Examiner now support
Franklin K. Lar.e, who is now the can
didate selected by Gavin McNab ea be
was a year ago?
In the face cf its utterances of last
;*ir, does the Examiner think that it is
still "true to the working people" and
does not deserve the l-lf-selected title of
"traitor"?
•The ff vho b«t yesterday handled
the shorel is fast as likely to U » hard
tagfassstcr as the can that never handled
a fceavler tspleeect than & salad
fork. • • •
"The crJy saXe zzaa for the labor uidon
U the ns-T- who has r.o place to g-o whea
b« parts frcra his csfon friends."
VOTEBS MAY JUDGE OP TH IK
Let the voters cf Saa Frarrclsco. eap<
rL-.V.j itc** cf the Laixsr party, contrast
the present advtc* of the Krarr.irser to
reppon Franklin K. Lane with ar» efil
tcrial It puMished en Septeraber 1 13d
Here are a. few extracts from th* Ei
asjiner's editorial:
"Th« srentleaaen who think to ad-
Ttnw thrmielTn by dtckrrlnir with
>lc.\ab for nomination* nould bet
ter stay at home. • • •
••To ran on the Me5ab ticket
bmdi abaolate defeat. • • •
>o Demoermtie ticket nominated by
GftTtn Me.\»b can hope to be elected
la California. • • •
"The 2'>.'M.iO Democrat- that voted
for Mayor «ehmlt» will vote atrain»t
the McNab caadldate.** • • •
,Can the Examiner recocclle its state
zr.'z.iM of last year with its present advice
t-o cnioa labcr voters to line cp behind
!>..-.». the "personal choice of Gavin ilc-
Nab. the avowed enemy of labor?"
Why has the Examiner flopped within
cr.e year from its fona«r position? Can
the T.TjkirAr.tr. which is now urging the
labor party 10 vote for Lare, the choice
cf Gavin McNab. explain the foUowirg
statement It made editorially on Septem
ber 2 &f last year:
TTAS IT TTTBJTED TSAITOR?
anrthtng tor tor of (hem mnleM
th«-y receive abaolate sroaraj*te«s.
"Tr.'i candidate for Jcdge who tips the
wink thai be is the workin?inan's friend.
«_-.'. t» a. rule, opposed to iajuncilocs. Is
a* little to be trusted as the other judicial
candidate who wants It csderstood that
r.:s represestaUGC must be the sole pnar
•stcc cf his future Intentions.
"Th<? only "«fe e«an« for the
onions to panar, If they rrlab to
make their frsmchlae valnable, Is
t« trn«t to- the lntesrritr of bo man
with irbom they- are sot absolutely
erqatlntrd. It la not always aafe to
belle-re la the zaaa who base* hJ»
claim for reeosraltloa on the fact
that he once rrorked at a trade.
Big Meeting Will
Be Held Next
Saturday.
Supports Franklin K. Lane After Bitter
..: -/Opposition to Him.
REPUBLICANS ARE PREPARING
FOR RATIFICATION OF TICKET
CHANGES POLICY
OF ONE YEAR AGO
EXAMINER NOW BOWS TO BOSS McNAB
THE SAN FB AKCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 7, 1903.
4
bad and that you may make public announce.
ment of the cctlon that yon and the members
>f your several campa Intend to take In this
You may Invite any comrades of your campe
irho are Interested In this matter to be present
U this meeting. MARCUS D. HYDE.
¦\ . . ¦ ¦ i Ccm.T.ander In Chief.
JNO. LE BLANC, Adjutant.
- This evening the Republican candidate
for Mayor will vialt the H. J. Crockei
Club of the Thlrty-flrst Assembly ZHs
trict at Elntracht Hall, Twelfth street,
between ' Howard and Folsom streets.
Jeremiah O. Shea is president of the. club
and William J. Bell secretary. "
j . AD V J^iiTTH r. M V. !*TS.
1 "Fair!} Sparkling in p &teti'
OT= BEER. DECLARE
Rlatz Reer
y Baa II 1 JfcB JJ ia Sob It
Superior tzosa. an poi&ts eX
Tins-; Posietsisj absolst* par-
ity, proper a?» aad Hoasst
TZmtot. Adapted to an tast*s
stceorrttng to Brew aad Szmad.
EFC2T iH3Z3 FLTAI2 JTCI m^iV^^£?
Ask fox -SLATZ" at CZvb ex Sir.
YAL BLAT2 BHZWGG CO., HH.WACIZB
Braunschweiger & Co., n.-.
5 cad 7 DRUMM ST^ Sea /rgjrrrra.
Tel. iUia 1644. vri;:esa:» Stain.
ySZZSSv Fist, Figor, Tiiz!*ty ier K*r.
J8jTy\ MCKit^N Eiiiic.^s r^_;.5
Jafs--, jQBk fea»« beea ta c*» e-rcr 1S\j
tf^fSa year* ty th* lzx+az* si o»
pC€<^F/Vv) M?r=ca Ct^r:i a=^ t>a£r
B&SfXft&l rcUowtr*. fc«it -v.j r=_-i -_^»
VWgifvC'T ituic. AlssisaUca. *x?ax*n eg
\p£2*** : sJP e:»rarette •rr.cktzs. C^r* Leat
™EHHr Power. Kight Lone*' I=*;s»-
Bia, i'alos in Back. Evil Etosirts. L*is« BacX.
N«rvoua D«bUlty. H*adachs. L'nataeas « iUr-
ry. Loss of Semen. £» * ar!coc«l« cr Cas-
ntlpation, Btci> Ner %J voua T»rttchtr« oi
EyellJs. 22*w maftU * U ii :r '* n
vigor ara potency ce;lT= * «o *»«ry raacuoa.
Don't get deipcndeat. a core Is at hand. Re-
store small. B3dev«iep«<l ergons. StlnrcUt*
the braia and serve centers: 50c a box; <J tw
12 50 by nuul. A written gnarante* t» «ar» cr
ocney refunded with « boxes. Circulars rre*.
Address BISHOP REMSDT CO.. 40 EIJls St..
gan Francisco. Cal. GRANT DETO CO.. Zi
mod «» Third «t.
TJV^TTOTT-pri FOR BARBSR3. BA-
U1IUUUJJU houses. bl'.Iiart taW«*.
brewers, bookbinders, caady- makers, caaaers.
dyers, floor inlUa, toundries. laundries. p*p*r-
banters, printer*. paJatars. shoe tactjrw*,
¦tablemen, tar-roofers, taaae-rs. tailors. «te>
BUCHASTAN BBOS,
Bnua Vaanf sctorers, 609 Ssxxamsato St.
. — '
\A7. X. HESS.
Votary FnUle and Attorn ey»*t-X>aw.
Tenta Floor. Rcoa 10X3. Class Sprecacis t.lt-
Telepbone Main 9S3.
Residence. 821 California »*.-. betow PowsO,
Resid^nc* Telethon* James 13CX.
• POLITICAI, CABDS. ¦- «•/-
For
Mayor
HENRY J. CROCKER
Republican
Nominee
For Tax Collector
Edward J.
SMITH
; (INCUMBENT.)
Regular Republican Nominee
ADVEBTISEHENTS. {
b*& ¦ of her life. Becoming
a mother should be a source . of joy to all, but the suffering .and
danger incident to the ordeal makes its anticipation one of misery.
Mother"* Friend is the only remedy which relieves women of the great
pain and danger of maternity ; this hoar which is dreaded as woman's
severest trial is not only made painless, but all the danger is avoided
by its use. Those who use this remedy are no longer despondent or
gloomy; nervousness, nausea and other distressing conditions are
overcome, the system is made ready for the coming event, and *hr>
serious accidents so common to the critical
hour /are obviated by the nso of Mother's ¦ fl jv £ f* ** bv^^-b.
Friend. "It is worth its weight in gold," ftjfigH ifrP
•ays many who have used it. $1.00 per ivHVvlMwil V
bottle at drug stores'. Book cxmtainirrg
valuable information of interest to all women, will fPfrv n g* gv /S
be .6ept to.,any,addre«i free upon, application to gi ig Igai
BRADFIELD REGULATOR QO., Atlanta, Oa. I I E^llxB
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AN ABSOLUTE_ NECESSITY.
So Thinks at I>ast One Traveling
"*fffiTi . . - • . ».f # ..
1 wocM as im ttink cf itarttss; oat witb-
oct rry r-:»»_r» bocks asd pi? as to ctart out
oa a trip withost a box cf Stsart's Dytprpc'.a
7at4ets la rr.y ra!ls*. ¦aid' a. traveling znan
wfco r<: T'-> -.•« a £•.. Zjoalm hardware bodc«.
"VThy? B«cas»e I fcaxe to pot' cp' at all "kl£6s
' ' hotels mxA baarilns;-b9uses. I ha.v» to eat
good, bad i.r.'t lc£lSereat food at all boun
of the Cay asd eight asd I on't VUcre acy
rr.tr. » »•-— .a'h W!U stasg Oat ton Of thing
wttlKJUt pretest, aryway I kr.o» r.iw won't.
7t baa to bave soaiethlnc to break tb« fall.
asd Etsart's Dyrpe7«U Tablets U th* erctch
I fall back on. r* ¦.
VLr frltzis often "js«h''- nse- *boct It, t«n
to* Fn aa eary csark tor pateet ratiiclne
f«i»r*, tbat adrertlseS m«d!ciaes are bsmbuxs.
*ic.. tut I cotlc* taat'ther are ataJly always
cetsplaislsg cf their acses asa pains and poor
dicir.ra, whQ* I caa star.d cost asy old kind
cf fare asd feel good asd ready for my work
when it eee£4 me, aad I believe I owe my gr»o3
£icestlon acd sound bealth to the daily, regu-
lar use of Stsart's Dyspepsia Tablets, year in
asd year oat. and all th* "Jocfcl&g" la the
world win never ccsvlace ise to the contrary.
I used to have heartburn about three times
a day asd a fceadache about thr«* or roar
times a week and after stasdiar for this for
focr cr fiv* years Z becaa to look aroosd for
a crotch asd frcsd it whea jut doctor told &e
the beat lcvestinest I cocld cake would be a
60-cent box cf Stuart"! Dyspepsia Tablets, asd
J bave invested aboot CO cents a month for
tbem ever since, aad wbea I stop to tM>»v tbat
that U what I epead every day for cigars I feel
Ilk* sinking bands with myself, for I caa keep
zsy •tosach and digestion ia first-class order
tat CO cents a xnosth. I don't care for any
better life tssuraace.
Vy crogxlst tells me they th* .most ¦
popular of all stomach m«dlciaes aad «>»tt they
have eialBtained their popularity and success
becaase they do as advertised. They briag re-
sults, and results are what count Is patent
cx&lrtw as soach as 2b *«Uin«; barbed wire, jWOODLAND CLERGYMAN AT
HEAD OF CONGREGATIONAL
ARRANGEMENTS COMMIT
TEE.
SAL.T LAKE. Oct. «. — At to-day'a semlon ct
the semi-annual conference of the Mormoa
church Elder George A. Smith wit chosen to
fill tbe vacancy in the Council of the Twe!v«
Apostles, caused by the death several months
ago of Apostle Brigham Young.
Steamer Siberia Sails From Honolulu.
HONOLULU, Oct. 5.— The steamer Si
beria, sailing to-night for San Francisco,
had on board Prince Cupid Kalanianaole
and wife. The Prince, who goes as a
Delegate to Congress, is accompanied by
his secretary, Morris K. Keokahalole. '
Will Attend Bankers' Convention.
HONOLULU, Sept. 29.-P. C. Jone*. a
wdfl-known local financier and vice presi
dent of the Bank of Hawaii, has been
chosen to represent the Territory at the
convention of the American Bankers'
Association in San Francisco next month.
He will take with him an invitation to the
members to extend their visit here.
been filed by General Chase against subor
dinate officers, while charges of exceed
ing his authority and disregarding the di
rect orders of the commander In chief,
Governor Peabody, are said to lie against
the commanding general himself.
Hills Searched for Missing Boy.
REDDING, Oct. 6.— The country is be
ing searched for Reuben Reid, the 13
year-old son of Mrs. J.T. Reid of Bella
Vista, in this county. The boy left home,
some time Saturday ., night because ,an
older brother threatened to whip him for
turning a dog: loose.
Thrown From Automobile and Killed.
DETROIT, Oct. 6. — An automobile
driven by State Senator Frank B. Glazier
of Chelsea, Mich, j became unmanageable
to-night and crashed into a curb, . Its five
occupants being thrown Into the street.
Mrs. Lucy T. Mudge was killed. -
"Money to burn can be saved by using
gas for: fuel,- if a -proper -appliance is
used. We sell ': the best ranges. .... San
Francisco Gaa and Electric Co. •
REDDING, Oct.' 6.— B. Garruti, an Ital
ian employed in the lumber yards at Up
ton, Sisklyou County, attempted to pass
between two sections of a freight train
at Upton to-day as a locomotive was
backing one section up to another and
was caught between the bumpers of the
cars. He received injuries from which he
cannot recover.
Crushed Between the Cars.
SONOMA. Oct. 6.— Mrs. J. R. Garnlss.
a wealthy resident of this valley and well
known in San Francisco . and Alameda
County, narrowly escaped death in a run
away accident which occurred near Buena
Vista Castle, two miles south of town,
late this afternoon.
Mrs. Garniss was driving a cplrlted ani
mal and the lines became entangled In
the horse's tall. The horse at once began
to kick and plunge. Mrs. Garniss losing
all control the frightened animal became
unmanageable and ran away, throwing
the woman violently to the ground. Her
garments caught on the step of the buggy
and she was dragged over one hundred
•yards, breaking her ankle and otherwise
badly injuring her.
The maddened animal was finally caught
by the McGHl brothers of this place and
Mrs. GarnlHS was rescued from her peril
ous position. In an unconsciou3 condition
she was brought into town and medical
aid was immediately summoned. It is
feared that Mrs. Garniss is injured In
ternally.
The court-martial that I have ordered will
convene tn Denver as soon as It can conveni
ently do so. I have not determined frho will
be . appointed on it. .
The Governor declined to give the names
of any of those against whom charges
have been made, but It Is announced that
Adjutant General Sherman M. Bell, Col
onel Frederick Gross, paymaster general;
Colonel Frank Kimball, assistant pay
master general; Major Arthur 1 H. Wil
liams, General Chase's adjutant, and per
haps others, have been ordered to Denver
at once, though whether to stand v trial or
to appear as witnesses is not positively
known.
Among the charges to be Investigated
are said to be: Padded payrolls, the yn
ployment of superfluous generals and col
onels, who draw the salary of their rank,
but who perform sergeant's duties; gen
eral'extravagance In the purchase of sup
plies for the commissary department; the
charge that certain officers have been se
curing a commission from contractors;
the , issuance by the wholesale of trans
portation between Cripple Creek and Den
ver to officers and enlisted men, their
families and friends and charging* same
to the State; the I charge that the book
keeping of the camp is kept In such a way
as to admit of fraud ; "' the surreptitious
raising of men with a "pull" from non
commissioned officers to captains, major?
and colonels; the erection of separate
quarters for each colonel, thus involving
the State in a heavy but practically need
less expense; the purchase of spoiled beef
for' enlisted men at sky-high prices; care
lessness and i recklessness in the handling
of finances that is said to be appalling.
The foregoing charges are said to have
DENVER, Colo., Oct. 6.— In connection
with rumors'that a scandal of wide-reach
ing character has developed In the man
agement of the Cripple Creek campaign
of the Colorado National Guard. Governor
James S. Peabody to-day gave out the fol
lowing statement:
Charges and specifications against certain
men and officers in the . Colorado National
Guard have been filed with me, which will
be Immediately inquired Into. They are
charges of a most serious nature and I shall
order a court-martial to investigate them
thoroughly. The charges filed with me will
be Drobed to the very bottom and.^iny one
found guilty of the charges made, rro matter
who he is, will not be permitted to escape
punishment, no matter whether it is an officer
of hlghesM'ank or a' private without rank.
General Chase has not been removed, but he
will remain tn Denver for the Dreaent.
Wealthy Resident of
Sonoma County Dan
gerously Hurt.
Cripple Creek Campaign
of Colorado Militia
to Be Probed.
SCANDAL STIRS
THE GUARDSMEN
MADDENED HORSE
DRAGS A WOMAN
HONOLULU. Oct. 6.— Several robberies
have recently occurred on the road be
tween this city and the Honolulu plan
tation. On the 3d lnst. a Japanese was
shot and seriously wounded while resist
ing a highwayman. The next night an
other Japanese was killed by a Chinese
robber, who rode a bicycle. The murderer
was captured by the police, who also ar
rested three of his associates. Several
burglaries and other crimes have been
traced to the three men. A coimterfeltlngr
outfit was found at their headquarters.
Honolulu Chinese Turn Highwaymen.
The Delineator for November contains. In ad
dition to Its superb presentation of the incom
ing winter styles, stories by prominent writers,
strikingly illustrated articles and papers by
experts on topics of intereHt to the home and
household. In fiction the chief feature is the
second Installment of "The Evolution of a Club
Woman," a bold narrative by Agnes Surbrldge,
purporting to be fact and describing various In
cidents connected with the rise and progress
to power of the president of one of Chicago's
leading clubs. There is also a clever love story
by William MacLeod Ralne, a Western tale by
Minna C. Smith and a pathetic story "of a little
Yorkshire terrier by LllHe Hamilton French.
In an interesting paper J. C. Hemment, the
well-known Illustrative photographer, relates
his adventures with the camera in search of
"material" for the big newspapers and maga
zines, and N. Hudson Moore writes charmingly
of chrysanthemum!*. Clara E. Laughlln has an
inspiring paper on "Conflicting Tendencies."
Miles Bradford tells the story of an old-fash
ioned Thanksgiving In the unique cookery ser
ies. "Carlotta and I," and a house small hue
artistic Is pictured and described. For the
children there are entertaining pastimes 'arid
amusing stories, and the departments contain
matter of interest to all women. .
The Delineator for November.
Special DUp&toh to Th« C&!1.
AUSTIN. Nev., Oct. 6.— Deputy Sheriff
Bhea of Berlin, Nye County, arrived this
evening with the news of the most atro
cious crime ever committed In this sec
tion. The victim was an aged and inof
fenslvo woodchopper named Humbert,
who was. beyond doubt, murdered for
money that he was supposed to have In
his possession but which was in the hands
of another. After the assassination his
body was burned.
Shea saj-s he had $80 !n cash and orders
calling for $234 more which had been en
trusted to his keeping by the woodchop
per On September U to turned the
funds over to John Erendt at the request
•of Huir-txTt. as the latter Intended to
com* to Austin soon for medical treat
ment. Brer.<it offered the money to
Humbert, but was requested to keep it
over night. On the following day Hum
bert took the funds from Brendt and,
-keepinjr J5. pave the coin and orders to
Maurice O'Brien who was to retain them
until they were called for. Humbert re
rr.alr.ed in Berlin all day and the follow
ing r.'.ght. after purchasing supplies for
his cubin in Union Canyon, three miles
and a half distant, left with less than
j; in his pockets.
. Recently Earl Huyck arrived in Berlin
from Reese River and Informed Shea
that Humbert's cabin had been destroyed
by fire and it was thought that the aged
nian's remains were in the ruins, as he
had not been seen since the blaze. Shea
and several others departed for the scene
arid started to remove the debris where
the cabin had stood. In a short time
th"y came upon the charred body of
Humbert, the flesh being all burned off
except at the waist. The upper portion
of the body was in what remained of the
fireplace and rested as lf It had been
placed there.
Dr. Mann examined the body, and in
the back of the head there was a hole
as if from a bullet. The physician then
removed the top of the skull and found
the bullet lodged near one of the temples.
•This proved that" crime had been com
mitted and that the cabin had been fired
to hide all trace of the murder. Humbert
had been shot from, behind.
The officials have thus far been unable
to find the slightest clue to the perpe
trator of the crime.
Epeclal Dispatch to The Call
WOODLAND. Oct. 6.— The forty
seventh annual session of the
Congregational churches of
California convened In Wood-
land this afternoon. The first
session beean at 2 p. m. The associa
tion will be in session until Friday noon.
There will be morning, afternoon and
evening sessions, all of which promise to
be of great Interest, as many subjects
are to be considered and many of the
ablest men in the denomination In Califor
nia are delegates.
About 175 lay delegates and ministers
are present. Among the noted ministers
who will take part In the deliberations
are th« Rev. O. R. Brown, Dr. J. K.
McLean, the Rev. J. W. Speers, the Rev.
William' Rader, th« Rev. James A. Cham
berlain, the Rev. W. H. -Atkinson, the
Rev. Seneca Jones, the Rev. H. H. Sink,
the Rev. S. C. Patterson, the Rev. L.. H.
Rathbone. the Rev. B. M. Palmer, the
Rev. George H. de Kay. the Rev. J. H.
Klmball. the Rev. R. C. Brooks, the Rev.
J. R. Knodell the Rev. H. M. Tenney,
the Rev. C. C. Kirtland. the Rev. B. B.
Cherlngton, the Rev. G. C. Baldwin, the
Rev. A. B. Snider, the Rev. H. F. Bur
gess, the Rev. Griffith Griffiths, the Rev.
F. H. Maar and the Rev. C. Calvert
Smoot.
The delegates were cordially welcomed
by the members of the local congregation.
All the arrangements for the convention
are perfect, thanks to a local committee
headed by the Rev. C. Calvert Smoot.
The church was beautifully decorated.
An organization was effected by the
election of the Rev. George C. Adams as
moderator, the Rev. G. G. Baldwin as
assistant moderator, the Rev. Alfred W.
Hare as scribe and the Rev. W. E. Recles
as assistant scribe. The moderator an
nounced the appointment of the standing
committees.
- The Rev. F. H. Maar submitted a narra
tion of the state of religion. The Rev.
Griffith Griffiths submitted a report on
••The Pacific." The various committees
also submitted reports.
This evening the church was crowded to
hear a special musical programme and
the annual sermon by the Rev. .William
H. Scudder. Friday afternoon the dele
gates will be taken for a drive about the
country by the Chamber of Commerce.
Despondent Man Commits Suicide.
RIVERSIDE, Oct. 6.— Word has been
received from Xelson's ranch near Indto
of the suicide of H. S. Watkiris, who
fired three ehots into his side during a fit
of despondency. The man came from
Banning the day previous. He left a note
requesting that his brother, Thomas Wat
kins, at 218 Madison street, Brooklyn, N.
Y., be notified.
ELBERFKLD, Prussia, Oct. 6. — The Upper
Court has rejected tlve appeal for a new trial
in the case of Herr Duttmann, editor of the
Workers' Voice, who was fined $12 50 for an
insult to United States Consul Landger of
Bolingen in asserting that he had not paid his
bills.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Patents Are Issued to Inventors of
Mechanical Appliances and Labor
Saving Devices.
WASHINGTON. D. C. Oct. a — The follow
ing patents were Issued to-day: California —
Famud J. Ballard. a5F!rnor three-fourths to
'C. W. Erown. Los Arjrcles. appliance for sound
t!-ir.!=:r.itte:TE; McKenfirte F. BiFhop, Alameda,
hat holder; William Urady. San Francisco,
rook drill: George K. Brown, assignor one-half
to J. H. Wright. Selma, limb pupport (2); Hen-
Jamin Bendy. Pa-sadena. machine for adding
end subtracting fractions; William H. Clen
cienon, llealdsburg. sewing machine; John P.
Coupe. Gler.dale. lift pump: John M. Cutler.
T'kiah, furnace for calcining quicksilver oreg;
W!:i:s P. Farrisworth. HeaHsburg, butter mold;
Jo!;n F. Fir.negan. Igt-rna. swage for in*ertlble
raw teeth: t>i>oridion Hipollto. assignor to Hip
ollto Screen and Sash Company. Ism Angeles,
rule for measuring o;«en!ngs: John W. Hughes,
a«s<;rnor .ir-<---half to T. U. Hill. San Francisco,
puzzltr garce device; Benjamin Z. Judle. Oak
land, emptdor; John Koch. West Berkeley,
acid valve; I>ennis J. O'Brien. San Francisco,
eps'gnor to O'Brien Electric Light Letter Ccm
{•ar.y tystoa of electrical characters and mean*
:>,t Vorrnir.g same; Jnhn IUchards, San Fran
f.rro. steam turbine; Mark D. Rocheford, Ix>s
Anice'ler. dam construction; Felix F. Schoen
• t-ln, San Francisco, pneumatic self-playing
r.-.uflcal Instrument; Frank J. Smith. Los An
pr-l*-s= combined heating and cooking stove;
WilHam H. Smnh, Berkeley, machine for
heating can* O; H^nr>- A. TiUot*on. Oakland,
gun -cleaning rod; Stej>hen Uren, Sacramento,
r-verU-ratory heating furnace: Oscar Whit
mr-,re. Kan Diego, awning fitting.
Oregon — Thomas E. Kellogg. Mount Ilood,
hame and trace connecter; E. Chas« Sherman,
I'nlon, wacon brake.
Washington— Henry CaJdwell. Ocosta, saw
ret; Victor E. Campbell. Goldendale. automatic
Kas cut off; Floyd G. Dickey. Seattle, sliding
tioom: John Mueller, Georgetown, malt turner;
Andrew A. Quamberr. Vancouver, fruit drier:
« "hrlstopher Serley, Lilburn. hoisting device for
rack*, boxes, etc.; William J. Smith, Seattle,
marine ci*naHn£ apparatus; Henry Treager.
Auburn, hanester; Henry' H. Warner, Tacoraa,
twitch stand an3 lock.
I'of* office to be discontinued October 31:
(¦?reK-n— Meridian, mall goee to Mount Angel.
Fourth clam postmaster appointed: California —
Jay Gould Buckley. Amsterdam. Merced
County, vice William M. Little, resirned.
Navy ordcrr — Lieutenant C. C. Fewell Is de
tached from the Pensacola and aMlKned to the
J'rtrol an txpoutive officer. Lieutenant W.
Ftandley and Mldchlpman Q. P. Brown BO from
the Afiarns to the Petrel.
Jt-YSTEBIOUS FIBE BREAKS
OTJT IN ABANIXJNED MINE
Smoke Is so Dense That It Stops Un
derground Work in Adjoining
Properties.
SALT LAKE. Oct. 6.— A special to the
Herald from Eureka, rtah. says that
rmoke from a mysterious fire In the aban
doned workings of either the Eureka Hill
or the Bullion Beck mine has put a stop
t*» all underground work In four of the
largest mines In the Tlntlc district.
Miners were drli-en out of the Centennlal-
Kureka and the Gemini mines also. Sev
eral hundred miners are forced Into Idle
ness. Nine men were overcome by the
smoke In the Centennlal-Eureka and nar
rowly escaped asphyxiation. There is no
way To reach the fire and It may burn
for several days. Except for loss of time
the financial loss Is not expected to bo
heavy.
Fatal Shooting 1 Near I^aytonville.
CKXAH. Oct. 6.— News reached here
this afternoon that a man named Anson
AMrich va s shot and killed by a man
named Coeper near LaytonvUle.,
*,L- mJles north of yesterday.
Aldfich had a family at Fort Bragg. The
two men were neighbors and had a fall
in? out. Cooper has been arrested and
his ttorj- Is that Aldrich first shot at him
and then shot himself fatally. But few
details have reached here
Engineer Blamed for a "Wreck.
i^ E <^ ES • Oct - *—T** Coroner's
jury called toother to Investlsnite the
fatal Tn-eck at the Chataworth Park tun
nel yesterday en the Southern Pacific
««!Ji .•. return<yl a verdict late to-day
finding that "th« wreck was caused by
to see the stop signals of Brakeman Allen
Burrows and flxed the responsibility for
we collision upon Nicholson.
Congregationalists Gather in
Woodland for Annual
Session.
Bullet Hole In the Back of the Dead
Han's Charred Head Tells
of the Cowardly
Attack.
Woodchopper Slain for His
Money and Oabin Then
Destroyed.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 6.— The annual meeting
of the California State Grange. Patrons
of Husbandry, opened at 11 o'clock this
morning in Odd Fellows' Hall. About 200
delegates are present. Every part of Cali
fornia is represented and the men In at
tendance are prominent in agricultural
and horticultural affairs.
The delegates will be entertained and
looked after by the members of Saji Jose
Grange while they are „ in this city. A
reception committee composed pf the fol
lowing has charge of the matter: Mr.
and Mrs. Worthen, Judge and Mrs. B. G.i
Hurlburt, Mr. and Mrs. C. W. Chtlds,
Mr. and Mrs. Hugh Leigh, Mr. Glenden
ning, George Hyde, Mr. and Mrs. Hills,
Mr. Reed, Mr. and Mrs. Husted, Mr. and
Mrs. Dimmick, Herbert Butts, E. M. Ehr
horn and Mr. and Mrs. W. W. Turney.
Grand Master Charles W. Emery of
Oakland is presiding over the grange. The
morning session was devoted mostly to
organization. Committees on credentials
and general order of business were ap
pointed. Addresses were made by Past
Masters Daniel Flint of Sacramento,
Overhelser of Stockton, Grove Johnson
of Sacramento and G.* "W. Worthen of
San Jose.
The afternoon session was taken up by
the readinc of reports. State Master
Charles W. Emery of Oakland presented
his report. It showed the grange is a
healthy and a growing organization. Oth
er State officers reporting were: Over
seer H. C. Raap of Martinez, who pre
sented the report of the committee on
business; Steward E. C. Shoemaker of
Tulare, Chaplain Mrs. Dewey of Oakland,'.
Treasurer Daniel Flint of Sacramento,
Secretary Mrs. Brache of San Francisco
and Gatekeeper Nathan H. Root of Stock
ton. The committee appointed on creden
tials also reported. The calling of the
roll of subordinate granges was had and
a number of resolutions and motions were
introduced and referred to committees.
This evening the delegates and their
friends were given a reception by the
local grange in the Unitarian church.
There was a large number present. D'Ab
lalnjr's Orchestra furnished music for the
evening. E. A. Hayes called the meet
ing to order and made the opening re
marks. Judee M. H. Hyland delivered
an address of welcome, which was re
sponded to by C. "W. Emery, master of
the State Grange. A vocal solo was ren
dered by Mrs. McFarlane. Overseer\Raap
of the State Grange delivered an address.
A recitation by Mrs. Freeman followed.
J. C. Cornell, lecturer of the State
Grange, delivered an address on the or
der. A vocal solo by Miss Catherine
Husted closed the programme.
The State Grange will continue its ses
sion for the next three days.
Bpeetml Dispatch to 1%* Call.
Men Notable in Agriculture
and Horticulture In
Attendance.
Nevada Officer Finds
Evidence of Atro
cious Crime.
Patrons of- Husbandry
Begin Session in the
Garden City.
MURDERER
BURNS BODY
OF VICTIM
GREETING GIVEN
TO THE GRANGE
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 7, 1903.
WORK BEGINS
AT SESSION
OF CHURCHES
5
THE EMPOBnrM. | \ THE EMPOJIIUM. | THE EMPOBrrjaL j THE EMPORIUM. '
jtlWWW****** *»>.«*****K******^ IW»UWWWH ********* WW
I The New Chambers' ' Special Sale Goods ordered by mail Neck Ruff Sale
5 Encyclopedia Club or ide P hone wil1 not he seni c °- D - The Last Day
i JO Massive Volumes *Vs7* £P^ V • Many da T v ?lec V i ;. r V tiu ' clt from J. he
*£ ~S£S f *" :-'v:. imm,ense sample Ime of ladies neckwear. To-
i For $1.00 and 10c per day «t V2£/ r C £/£>§4^ 'fa/W M i r J fiW da 7 the i.st chance you get.
$ fnr a shnrt iirnt* S i^^^MMMt/U^M^^Ii^ $>.<*> to |6.oo pieces . . . $2.90
k lur » MiurL time ,... ,^ BM ...» . .^ — . £ ims^^ 11 * 7 s ° t0 * 9 °° pi;ces * • -$3.48
I Full particulars in our Book Dept.\ ' iujjafc »*¦¦ aU«,ca-» grandest »tors | * l °'Z?£?X?X^«£**e*O
I Ladies 9 Suits That Were I Sale rot Boys' Suits $3.95
| as High as $20.00 And Cap 17o |R|
o£$$ NOW $1^i-m95 TRe vei 7 st y Iish Russia n blouse suit, jtfr*tfflr
S -~Jzmi a collection of m «n y SLm .Tyie.. including shown in illustration, in sizes for boys QtJf
S ' — *@&$f short Eton, blouse frock and the three-quarter 2^ tO 6 years of age, navy blue, red, \\v^^fev
g yil r rai « ht * om coat » t x Ic .'-'. omc witheven brown, royal and Scotch effects, with I , \ J/|
a S^T> length skirt., some dcmi-tram unlined, or / I \\ a fl
i / SS a ,he lined train, skirt; some have mercer, either the new Eton collar or the deep / J i§ \\
$ I \ \\\ ized drop skirts." The materials are black sailor Collar, handsomely braided, k.*^ H fffl\\
* ML'iM |SlmiS^I^§ with knickerbocker trousers-very W^W
i I -fi^lH iff weights; suits that formerly sold as high a s dressy $5.00 and $6.00 suits,-* rom the y$g *i\
iS A ¥ 1SH **o.oo, all marked now ftf/w qgg best makers, special for Wednesday l&vafc**T
i AJI P New Wash Waists !or Fall-White Oxfords, only ....... j .$3.95 |f
** lJ»$lw IV? fancy chcv:otJ » P rc «y conceits in nove'ty BSOJ/S GOlf Gap — Well made Of I i|
S KMjWi l\Y flannels, in blue, red, green and black— good materials, either plain Colors Or *J ' W
* ffliwmw warns that wou'.d be properly priced at fancy mixed effects, size 6 J / to 6%, IA R
I //lX°\ . $l J"? d £' 9O £ a /*"*"%rZZ worth 25c each ' for Wednesday
£ /fl\ \ Ladies' Mackintoshes $4.95 , <r*y
If / / M \ \ — Made of a splendid medium weigln, Only \ g JQ ' w o i "*
• K ///////I w uV ' double faced, plaid back, cloth serge effect, "~"" "^ — — —^-<—^— — — i —
is Cm i X \ of h M°T bac t' nd 'J e Tv* 4 '^ Sate $1-50 Gloves $1.OO
ft X//// ill \V \V\. Other Mackintoshes and other Cravenette Ram _ , , , . „ r - w '^'
!* : / P 111 \ \N Coats, with sleeves and capes, from s 3 . 9; To-day the best glove offer of the season— ladies' 2-
!jf ( /if V \ * tp.;. . . $20.00 clasp pique sewn, prime Kid Gloves, with the new
J '^iiMi X Big assort ? nent of c hildrcn ' s * nd mii »«' R«n-' Paris point stitching so popular this season — some of
j; ' <lj - u^-— coats. ..... $2,75 to $3.45 the most durable and best-fitting women's gloves
~- , , --- . — , ever 5,-Qught j nto our s tore, in the new grays, "beav-
l{f An UaaUSUai EmfeaSW an ers, browns, oxblood and fast blacks. We will fit
'5 S W&§we*$ Rahhon Seiiines - them ' s uarantee ever y P air « instead oi $l.50...$f.OO
i tr- ,v , ! , fi , ? D-uK fK m 1 'Aiu Misscs ' Lambskin Glovcs-2-clasp; colors tans, browns ard oxbloods.
fc Fine quality satin back Velvet Ribbon, the No. 1 width, with a neat one-row stitching; the pair $I.OO
$ ; in black only, the ribbon now SO extensively used Women's Large-Clasp Gloves— New heavy Suede, outseam sewn, spear
,}f for trimming the new Style gowns; hundreds Of point back; in the latest shades of gray, and fast black; pair
:JJ pieces of genuine 35c values will be placed - • : $1.50
£ on sale Wednesday only — piece of 10 yards mm\7SO m
1$ Safe of Women's Cotiars-Very pretty lawn S « l ," em V/ tC P? il Unens
$ Turnover Collars, in many different styles of Kgm k U1 All Stamped for Embroidering
g embroidery; on sale to-day— instead of 10c each— for . . •*** . T^ s b * lan « of a ™«nf«cmrer*i stoc* of this class of linens stamped to be
X • embroidered, borne m noral, some in conventional and some in the cross stitch
.* . mm *mx* m^mm mm\M m* mm- designs (the latest fad) to be sold to-day at about one-half their real value:
I LadieS $1.25 Wrappers 95C I* Dollies. 6x 6 inches, to-day 7c
I a Flannelette Wrappers— Of excellent quality, made with fitted lining, round 1Sc DoIHes, 10 x 10 inches, to-day lie
i »t yoke, finished w?th wide ruffle, trimmed with embroidery edge and finishing 4 ? c Centerpieces, 18 x 18 inches, to-day 24c
|* ' ., ,. . ... „ ,. . , , , / ,. . 50c Centerpieces, 24 x 24 inches, to-day 34c
\% braid, high rolling collar, bishop sleeve, and deep flounce on skirt, in 75c Table Covers. 32 x 32 inches, to-day Sic
i Ik* variety of patterns, such as polka dot and small figures — colors, navy and """T™ 1 ™™^^™ 11 "^ ——¦—¦—¦—— __^_ _¦_____»__
! t? white, black and white, red and white and silver gray, all siz:s -». •u^'^fL &PBY3&S&B G§OG§€ SSG
i from 34 to 44, td-day only . ..... . &&C /S^&&&^Sh . r^ , <
§ $fa?*£$Mi A pointer— Buy these to-day for Christ-
I House Furnishing Groceries - Liquors M»*£'^k mas I ift - Sf - fo \ ' c yox i wilI . r have t0 P a yhalf as
i Bargains To-Day Wednesday's Specials (W^ WiW ™ uch *&}" for t! ? em lf you wait and buy
$ wood Sau Box-imported, madf of Best • Bacon-Euum w ««. \ 10- ,Y^ them in the regular way.
i r 1 n Pnn v 1\m v y v> F ¦ we 24 K. Ormolu gold clocks in a particu ary
l plppi p 3S c, F - cV mm iife§j ¦ keeper - to " day on ' y - each gac
Ji tO-dav . . ... . . s&jj&tn To-dav z large bars 4-5c K m m —M RW 4 m H V C
i Log Cabin Maple Syrup -One-haf IL83bBBTSS§ «&S?5M fwOliQlTl VaiUBS
I i^^^i^nli GSrar^m Ground Choco^f? 36-inch Black Mcrcenzed Salcen-A 6 oo<l ¦tato-ShcU and amber, full fin-
% iron, always .old for 5 cc each; tCHday . . Or C pcu.d tin, 2 SO " y ntt2hx «k»t lmmg or J^g »hcd, highly pohfhed, CXtra Talue.
X 2Qo Choice Rye Whiskies -M>rq ette under.kirt, valui ice yard, to-day ¦ m •* pair 25O
% EmcryKnileSharocners-For kitchen |||^^|J|^^^ BacK Comb,- The new.ec^it, .shell and
J. cr table knives , a- fine 1 3-mch Jarpener, • ¦ ¦ > . . $1.05 a 4 to 36 inches, colon Kack, pink, light ambcr - a " ortcd slzcs We tO 50O
». real emery blade, oak turn handle, mckrl Cabernet Claret— Extra, very old, K T,. .jj, T . A ',,„ ... „,:' r - LmT .^ , ,
*; ferrule, worth 25c; to-day WO nee dinner w ne, gaUon . .... . Q2O tZ*v . S P 18C Om0 Dl>CSS Shields- Odorless, wash-
*k a c r •'/-.» Apricot Brandy — A de icious after " "" *. able, and contain no rubber,
J. Cork Screws — A fine fami.y t,ork- dinner cordial, b^trle 8S0 Drcjs Shieldj— icoo pairs Nain ook coyered ; r 9t%g*
\% Screw, s'.-lf-turning spiral spring, enams'ed Champion Whisky -That o'd reliable rubber c'oth dress shields, lightweight, wssh- * , C
tf handle, the easicn woiking article en the brand, rich and mellow, gallcn . $2.4-0 able » an extra value {ct 12C P air > *-! 0% Hall SIcCVCS — Sateen or rubber cloth.
», market; always 15c regularly; to-day 12O bottle. 75O . .....# & pair 25C
ADVERTISEMENTS.
gffij^^BaEv fyQiJy 11^^. jfC^Z^!^ T^38Hr^^^^S^S^^^^^^r* *• *•** *•*** •'••iiw5cftL dfp9S*»^^^
KT*«3^^^^^^^^^^^^^Bi^5s3 fa^KcSsticSmm^^^^m^^^^^^^SSm^Sf&m mBmmm^^^mvSSm^Sl9mmmW^m^t^BUmmBmWSVmV9k
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A description of these Tarn o' Shanters cannot possibly
convey to you their value. ' You must see them yourself— ob-
serve their worth and compare them with other Tarn o' Shan-
ters you have seen' priced at 75c.
You will prefer these at 45c to any six-bit "Tarns" you ever
saw.
They are knitted from pure wool, have a pompon on top
and come in royal and navy blue, white, oxford gray and car-
dinal. x
Suitable for ladies, misses ¦ and little girls.
Out-of town orders filled — write us.
T40 Market StreetThe Democrats have completed their State ticket
in Massachusetts and a band of reputable but mis
guided men of that commonwealth are on the march
to defeat at the polls. Yet the affair is not as serious
as it might appear. The nominees will have a little
fun and a little notoriety and the rest of the State
won't mind cither. There are some amenities even
in the lives of the minority in American politics.
AFTER the meeting of the business men of the
city on Monday evening and their emphatic
indorsement of Mr. Crocker and the Repub
lican ticket generally, the grand, ratification meeting
which is to be held on Saturday evening will vir
tually be an assembly of citizens to congratulate one
another on the assurance of a victory which will
mean not only a party success, but an era of good
government and of efficient administration for the
..As was to. have been expected, the tone of the
meeting was essentially that of business men dis
cussing measures involving the administration of
large affairs. The speeches were not given up to fer
vid oratory* but to the discussion of things practical.
Very naturally the expenditure of the large sums
provided by the bond issue voted for public improve
ments occupied much of the thoughts of the speak
ers, and taxpayers will note with satisfaction that the
sentiment of the meeting was emphatically that of
THE MAN AND THE WORK
Cruiser Protet Arrives at Honolulu.
HONOLULU. Oct. 6. — The French
cruiser Protet has arrived here.
All colleges in Oregon have united upon a deci
sion to restrict materially the time given by students
to football. This curtailing of one of the most thor
oughly pursued departments of collegiate education,
while reducing the records of violent deaths in Ore
gon's seats of learning, will also rob the public of
what it has come to consider an annual season of
sensational and unnecessary college disasters.
TOPEKA, Kans.. Oct. 6,-It Is an
nounced here to-day from the Santa Fe
offices that T. J. Norton has been made
the general solicitor of the system for
California and Arizona.
Norton Receives the Appointment.
We hear r.j complaints about our street rail
road service. The fare is as low as elsewhere in
the United States, as well as in Glasgow when
you compare the wages in the two cities. There
is no pretense that a railroad is to be constructed
where now none exists. The city is not so
rich that it can afford to throw away $700,000.
We have not so many schools, hospitals, parks,
nor are our sewers and streets so perfect that we
ki\Qw not how to spend our income except in
rnaking experiments for which there is no public
demand. ,
The common sense, the business sense, the
horse sense of the people of the United States has
so far in the main kept them from wasting their
money and jeopardizing their prosperity by un
dertaking socialistic experiments. We advise the
people of this city to vote against trying this ex
periment.
It is good policy to make haste slowly. Beau
tify the city, make its streets smooth and clean,
its sewers the means of preserving health andjiot
of fostering disease, its schoolhouses safe and spa
cious, because these are all civic necessities. Do
not waste your money or your officials' time and
labor in trying to anticipate what is now neither
a civic nor a private necessity, but admittedly a
doubtful and most certainly, a dangerous experi-
But^why try this experiment?
WHY "Try the Experiment?"
The only answer so far made to the
, many arguments against the municipal
ownership of the Geary-street road is, "Try the
experiment." If it be urged that the official fig
ures show that the city will lose $40,000 a year,
the reply is, "Suppose that it be true* try the ex
periment." If it be shown that the ¦ city, officials,
and especially the Board of VPubKc.AVorks, will
have probably more work than they can perform
in constructing the new improvements and main
taining the old ones, the only reply' is, "Concede
that be true, try the experiment. If* , it be ad
vanced that no city in the United States has yet
attempted to operate a street railroad, and that
those American cities that have operated any pub
lic utilities have failed, the only reply is, "Admit
such to be the case, try the experiment."
If Charles Francis Adams be quoted as saying,
"t'lease don't talk to me of doing business
through government machinery; it is one colos
sal exhibition of waste, extravagance and incom
petence," the only reply is, "What if he be cor
rect? Try the experiment." If it be proven that
under the charter the road could not be sold or
leased, and that the victims of the city's negli
gence in the operation of its cars will have
against the city no redress for their injuries,
the only reply is, "What matters all that? Try the
'experiment."
If it be made clear that the acquisition of this
road will be the entering wedge of socialism, that
there is no more dangerous enemy to American
prosperity than socialism, that socialism is the re
source of the incompetent and a dead weight
around the necks of the competent, that as' one
drop of ink will discolor a bucket of water so a
small socialistic beginning will affect the whole
fabric of government, the only reply is, "Try the
experiment."
The- final account of Mary Cun<jo as ad
ministratrix of the estate of her late hus
band. Joseph Cuneo, *ras approved by
Judge Troutt yesterday and her petition
for distribution granted. The estate Is
valued at $70,000. One-third of It goes to
the w!cUrar and the other two-thirds to
her ten children.
Cnneo Estate Distributed.
WHY EXPERIMENT.
Portola. Council of the Young Men's In
stitute has appointed Daniel T. Powers.
Eugene Fitzgerald. William Rlordan. "Wil
liam Fahey. W. Henty Murphy. Robert
A. Cahalan and William Pratt a com
mittee to arrange for an entertainment
and d*nce to be Riven durirss the latter
part of the current month. Admission to
this function will be by Invitation only.
Portola Council Entertainment.
The would-be assassin who sought to reach the
President on Monday, and who seriously wounded
two of the White House guards, is the material that
;$ fired by the malignity that is in such newspaper
abuse as led to the murder of McKinley. For a long
time after that great crime the journals which in
cited it were quiet. Now, trusting to the short mem
ory of the people, they are again in open use of the
resources of publicity to direct the spirit of murder
agrainst the life of the President. It is useless to put
in irons or cells the dupes of such newspapers while
leaving them to feel that public sentiment docs not
condemn the means they use.
These attacks arc peculiar in being an expression
of personal malice and in being always, with great
cunning and surpassing ingenuity, planned to rouse
malignant personal feeling against the President.
They arc not criticisms of policy at all. They per
sistently represent the President as personally doing
harm to something or somebody, as indifferent to
the interests of others, and as capable of cold cruelty
and wTongdoing. They arc works of art in delib
erate misrepresentation, and if they have any pur
pose at all it is to invite bitter and vengeful feelings
against the person of the President.
Xo wise American objects to proper criticism of
public men. Within well understood limitations it
is a wholesome and fe restraining influence. When
called for it is a legal and proper assertion of the
rights of free speech and of a free press. Such criti
cism is not an incitement to crime. It does not sug
gest, to criminal and distorted minds, assassination
as a remedy for anything, but keeps before the people
the ballot-box as the place to begin reforms or to
overthrow policies and jmt other, and better in their
place.
The Hearst style of attack is not criticism. It
never reasons. It avoids facts. It distorts and de
forms, and suggests things for which murder occurs
as the only remedy to the class of minds to which
ijt appeals. Experience has proved that we do not
lack the kind of pe(tple who need <^ily such incite
ment to become assassins. The last attempt on the
life of President Roosevelt was made by a man char
itably said to be crazy. But in his home he is known
a? an anarchist, a violent declaimer against govern
ment and a firm believer in the theory that all who
represent government are the -corrupt oppressors of
the people.
He is insane, perhaps, in the sense in which insan
ity and the power to reason never exist together.
We say of an insane man that "he has lost his rea
son" without always thinking what we mean. There
arc men incapable of reasoning who arc not classed
35 insane. But they are a dangerous class. They are
directly appealed to by the artistically cunning and
fearfully unscrupulous style of attack made on the
President. Such attacks put him in continual peril,
and justify him in carrying weapons to be used in de
fending himself. Yet the fact that he is armed and
prepared to sell his life as dearly as possible has been
made the cause of sinister suggestion, in cartoons and
text, that appeals powerfully to the vicious and non
reasoning-
IT is not forgotten that the assassination of Presi
dent McKinley followed long maintained and
embittered personal abuse oi him by the oppo
sition press and that the leader in this abuse was
Mr. William Randolph Hearst, through his several
newspapers. The same papers have, for nearly a
year now, been making the same kind of attacks on
President Roosevelt.
PERIL Or 1 THui PRESIDENT.
A Minnesota town was wiped out, root^and branch,
the other day by a tornado. The people were left
destitute, hungry, homeless and helpless to the dread
hazard of exposure. This is one of the advertise
ments which no California town has ever sent out to
the world. We can look, fortunately, upon the cy
clone cellar as an exhibit in the category of curiosi
ties. *
WEDNESDAY OCTOBER 7, 1903
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communication! to JOHN McNAUGHT. Manager.
Aik for THE CALL. Tie Operator Will Connect
Ycu With the Department You Wish.
rCBLlCATIOX OFFICE... Market and Third, S. F.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 SteTenion St.
Delivered by Carriers, 20 Cts. Per Week, 75 Cts.
Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Terns* by Mall. Including Postage (Cash With Order):
DAILY CAUL (Including Sunday). one year * 8 "Jwv
DAILY CALL <lac!uding Sunday). 6 months 4^00
DAILY CALL— By Single Month •'«
CUNDAY CALL. On« Year *¦*»"
WEEKLY CALL. One Year 1 ' W
f Dally... SS.8O Per Tear Extra
FOREIGN POSTAGE i Sunday.. 4.15 Per Y«ar Extra
I Weekly.. l.OO Per Year Extra
AH postmasters are authorised to receive
sabocrlptlons.
Sample copies will be forwarded *hea requested.
fclall subscriber* !n crderlr.e change of address »hould be
particular 10 five boti NEW AND OLD ADDRESS tn order
to Insure a prompt and correct ccrapllanoe with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE.
iI18 Broadway Telephone Main 10S3
BEnKELEV OFFICE.
S414S Center Street Telephone Worth 77
.C. GEORGE KROGXESS. Manager Foreign Adver
tising:, Marqnette HulMinpr. Chicago.
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
UOrtTO> K. GBAXB 14O» *i Street, 2C. W.
NEW TORK NEWS STANl>S:
Waldorf-Artoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 31 Union. Square:
Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Cberman nouse; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Tmnoct House; Auditorium Hotel: Ptlner House.
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN U. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C CARLTOS Herald Square
BRA\CH OFFICES 527 Montgomery, corner cf Clay, open
ectll 9:80 o'clock. 300 Hayes. cp»n until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. C15 Larkln, cpea until
S:30 o'clock. 1&41 illEsion, cpea until 10 o'clock. 2261
Harket, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 10»« Va
lencia, open until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NE. corner Church and Duncan streets, open
ertll 9 o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky.
epen cr.til » o'clock. S200 Flllmore. open until 9 o'clock.
The United States Civil Service Com
mission announces that an examination
for the position of teacher (male only) in
the Philippine service will be held In this
city October 13. This examination will be
to supply 150 teachers, with salaries as
follows: Twenty-five at $1200, seventy at
HOOO and flfty-flTe at 1300 per annum.
Those appointed will be eligible for pro
motion to the higher grades in the ser
vice, ranging from *30O to COOO tor teach
ers and >13C»J to J250O for division superin
tendents. Age limit, 20 to 40 years. Ap
ply to the secretary of the Consolidated
Beard of Examiners. 301 Jackson street.
San Francisco, or to the Civil Service
Commission. Washington. ,D. C. for ap
plication torn.3 Z and 373, which should
be properly executed and filed -wim the
commission at "Washington.
Male Teachers "Wanted.
Grand President H. R. McNoble of the
Native Sons of the Golden West has is
sued the following circular letter in re
lation to the memorial day of the order to
all parlors in this State:
Dear Sirs and Brothers: The second Sun
day In October, which falls this year upon the
llth. is Native Sons* Memorial day. No morris
should be necessary to Impress upon the mem
bers of our fraternity the duty which we. the
living, owe to our dead. Wherever there Is a
parlor of the Native Sons of the Golden West
let its members and friend* on that day
gather within lodgeroom or public hall to hold
such services as will manifest the love ana
reverence which we bear for the memory of
the departed, and let us turn for a few hours
with poftened hearts from the pleasures and
the cares of life to drop the gentle tear of
recollection at the grave of our brother and
weave a Kariand of flowers for his tomb.
We love to think of our fraternity as one
whose tender solicitude for Its members ends
not when the Brave closes over them, but leads
us with words of consolation to the stricken
fireside and knits the mystic cords of memory
that bind the living to every act of virtue
and of gentlenefs that in life characterized the
Whertvtr therefore, the sons of California,
touched by the silent reaper, have laiajttwn
to rest, whether beneath the slant redwoods
of the north, in the ravines and canyon* and
under the whispering pines of the Sierras, upon
the broad plains of the Sacramento and fcan
Joaquln. by the perfumed orange *«"¦•«•• of
the south, or where the broad Pacific chants
eternal requiem, let th* love of our fraternity
upon Memorial day seek and find them and
Karland their graves with flowers, tha unaf
*%o that many a fond mother may say: " x
am poor and desolate and far from the lonely
hillside where my boy was laid to rest, but
I know that to-day his brothers of the fra
ternity of the Native Sons of the Golden \\ e*t.
whose loyalty to country Ke shared and by
whose friendship he was blessed, will seek out
that lonely but fondly cherished spot and lay
their token ot remembrance upon my son s—
'I'n^Ief us^'brothers. ~*>en «* L« ten
der word* of remembrance have been uttered
and the last flowers strewn, turn from the
Sravc of the dead with softened feelings to
henceforth discharge In a higher spirit of
friendship, loyalty and charity otfr duty to the
living. . 2
NATIVE SONS' MEMORIAL
DAY WILL BE OBSERVED
Grand President McNoble Issues
Circular Letter to the Various
Parlors of State.
George A. Denison, after receiving many
compliments at the hands of the board,
was elected assistant secretary. Luther
Burbank promised to assist in making a
collection of the varieties of fruits and
vegetables to which he has given origin.
The board will visit his home at Santa
Rosa at the -proper time. Resolutions
were adopted in respect to the memory
of Elizabeth Shields, who was long a
member of the board.
It was voted to entertain the American
Bankers' Association one day at the board
rooms during the visit of the bankers
this month.
"NV. H. Mills told of a pamphlet that
had been issued by British Consul Ben
nett, in which attention was called to the
fact that there had been a falling off in
the shipments of California canned goods
to England. A California fruit shipper
went to I_ondon and arrived ahead of his
goods and paw them set aside as "blown,"
or "blowed." as they were described In
England. He demonstrated that the goods
were all right and every case was then
restored and was found to be marketable.
After these somewhat startling revela
tions concerning the various methods em
ployed to rob the California fruit grower
had been made, the Mills resolution for
an Inquiry' went' through with a rush.
The committee to see the Merchants'
Association relative to having a special
exhibit at St. Louis representative of the
commercial and other advantages of San
Francisco made a report through "\V. H.
Mills. The plan suggested by the Mer
chants' Association was to have a com
mittee of fifty members, embracing ten
representatives from each of the commer
cial organizations of San Francisco, this
committee to appoint an executive com
mittee of ten members to see that San
Francisco was represented. I^os Angeles.
Seattle and Eastern cities havq arranged
to have their advantages thoroughly ad
vertised nt St. Louis.
Colonel John P. Irish said that in Pla
cer County his neighbors had told him
of their troubles at the hands of the com
mission men. Fruit that passed exami
nation at the platform at the station was
paid for by check: fruit that failed to
passed the examination went out on a
commission basis. At the beginning of
the season his neighbors were happy. At
the end of the season he found that they
were much depressed. In some instances
the fruit growers were represented as in
debt to the commission men and the lat
ter were, actually pressing them for crop
mortgages on the crop of the ensuing
'year.'- to make up the difference. On in
vestigation Colonel Irish discovered that
the commission men had charged the
growers- broken carload rates of ; freight,
whereas tha cars went out full and the
commission men really had paid only the
carload rate, or about a half what they
had charged In making up their returns
to the California fruit growers. The dif
ference on the freights alone would have
given to the producers a profit. Colonel
Irish also related a personal experience
in tho East, where he traced fruit that
he had shipped. He found out to a cer
tainty that the prices patd by the retail
dealers and the prices returned by the
commission men as having been paid by
retailers were far apart.
FRAUDS IN KNGLAJND.
C. M. Wooster related something con
cerning his personal observations in Chi
cago. Twenty-two Armenians, three
Italians and one person concerning whose
nationality he was In doubt were the only
bidders on two carloads of California
fruit that he saw. Every box of fruit
that was found to be Injured was dis
played as a sample; every box of good
fruit was put under the other boxes and
kept out of sight. There was an evident
understanding among those present. The
buyers did not bid against one another.
He Inquired If this was the customary way
of selling California fruit in Chicago and
was answered In the affirmative. He saw
pears that would sell for $150 per box
easily in San Francisco going for 75 cents
per box, under this system, in Chicago.
Mr. Mills suggested that an agent be
sent to Chicago and New York to see
exactly how California goods are handled.
He had heard that the method had been
pursued in Chicago, In reference to green
pears, for instance, of putting out for
samples only the fruit that had been
damaged. The car price of the carload
was fixed in this way very low and the
Eastern men got the fruit for their own
price. "Was that true? Was such the
practice? -Had the marketing of the great
California fruit output been conducted
In that way?" Mr. Mills asked.
WOOSTER SEES SALE.
A resolution was adopted by the State
Board of Trade yesterday Instructing the
manager of the board to inquire and re
port concerning the practicability of in
stituting a general Inquiry into the fruit
market, foreign and domestic, with ref
erence to the ascertainment of all the
facts relating to such market, and es
pecially with reference to the amount re
turned from the reported sales of fruit
and the actual amount obtained from
such sales, to the end that the price paid
to the fruit grower of this State shall
more nearly correspond to the price at
which the fruit reaches the consumer.
The manager was requested to report to
the board at its next meeting the practic
ability and cost of such inquiry.
This resolution was Introduced by W.
H. Mills. During the discussion that pre
ceded its adoption many statements were
made, all tending to show that the fruit
growers of California have been subjected
to the grossest frauds on the part of
Eastern fruit auction men, commission
men and dealers in fruit in Europe.
President N. P. Chlpman said that the
reports of American Consuls abroad,
made in September fast, show that the
market prices for French prunes at Bor
deaux range from 6 to 14 cents per pound
and the prices quoted in California for the
corresponding quality of fruit grown in
California arc not more than one-third
of the rates In France. Every year deal
ers sell short at low prices In New York,
unjusrly making a low figure for Cali
fornia prunes for the purpose of holding
down the price as against the producer.
Considering the fact that California an
nually ships out about 160,000.000 pound3
of dried fruit this is a serious matter.
For. Against.
City and County Hospital... 21.485 2.457
Sewer system «•!*> *•*«
Echoolhouses 23-327 3.36*
Rcraving accepted streets... 22.1* 4.3M
New County Jail $••§« «•*"*
Public Library ?o'il5 A Ml
Children's playgrounds ..... ™-™z 2'£}i
Extension Golden Oata Park. I?.**. ••**2
Telegraph Hill Park H%£ fi
Twin Peaks Park }2-72 SriS
St. Mary's Square 1«.'12 »•«»
Miss'on Park I 9 - 421 6(S5T
The Board of Election Commissioners
yesterday completed the official count of
tfie votes cast at the recent bond election
for the construction ot public improve
ments. The corrected figures showed some
changes, but not sufficient to affect the
original result. The revised figures for
the Telegraph Hill project are ;7,932 for
and 81S7 against, and. though showing an
increase in favor of the proposition of
142 votes, still it failed to receive 18,203
votes, or two-thirds of 27.S08, the total
number of electors voting at the special
election, as required by a charter amend
ment. The supportera of the project claim
that It received more than two-thirds of.
the vote cast for It in particular and on
that account has carried.
The Election Commission transmitted
the returns to the Board of Supervisors,
who will in all likelihood ask advice from
the City Attorney as to whether the TeIe 
graph Hill project received the required
number of votes. The St. Mary's Square
and Twin Peaks projects were defeated.
The following Is the corrected count:
The trustees of the State Minlns Bu
reau arrived at a decision yesetrday that
will prove to be of importance to several
counties individually and to the mining
interests of the State as a whole. Tnia
was to resume field work at once, pre
paratory to getting together the data
necessary for the issuance of new regis
ters and maps. This work was suspended
some months ago under the former board
of trustees and. as one unexpected result,
several thousand dollars that had been
appropriated for the State Mining Bu
reau had to be covered back into tho
State treasury. This was not the only
serious feature of the case. Counties that
were at a disadvantage as compared to
others by reason of being " nable . l ° »""
sent to incuirere official data relative to
their resources were the sufferers.
The situation has been made plala to
the new board o! trustees and they took
prompt action yesterday. It was re
solved to send the field men into Mart
posa County first. Every mine and every
mining claim in that county, together
with facts concerning each mine and
claim, will figure on the map and register
to be prepared. Every road and trail will
be depicted carefully. The map and reg
ister together will form a key to the
whole county, geographically and miner
ally.
In addition to providing for the field
work for the benefit of the counties. It
was determined to have a bulletin pre
pared relative .to the uses of California
petroleum and its fuel value and also to
devote attention to collecting information
concerning the structural materials pro
duced from quarries, clays, etc.. in Cal
ifornia The miners will be- requested by
the trustees to assist the bureau In pre
paring a representative exhibit of Cali
fornia's mining resources to be sent to the
St. Louis exposition.
The gentleman who prescribed public ownership
here as a remedy for "branded souls" is a physician,
and would be forbidden by professional ethics to
practice in medicine the quackery he practices in
politics. When the city administration has reached
ultimate efficiency in discharging the essential du
ties of government it will be time to consider the
policy of charging it with the responsibility of run
ning a business. Speakers who impeach govern
ment of neglect or corruption in the discharge of
its purely political functions and want to give it
more to do before it does well what it already has
are so illogical as to deserve censure.
The example of municipal trading, as public
ownership is called in England, was cited and is being
used by the newspapers in this city which want to
increase taxes by making the Geary-street road bonds
a lien on the taxpayers. Mr. Robert P. Porter, who
has investigated public ownership in Great Britain,
says: '"It is very tiresome for the British taxpayer
to hear so much about the profits of municipal
ownership when throughout the kingdom year after
year surely and steadily the municipal tax rate is in
creasing. This increase between 1875 and 1900 was
112 per cent."
The London Times has exhaustively and expertly
examined municipal ownership in Great Britain, and
declares that it has been instituted and is being used
by the socialists as a stepping-stone to "collectiv
ism." Toward this end the British socialists are
working. Their allies are the well-meaning people
who, having no plans of their own, follow the lead
of those who are working a well planned scheme.
The Times adds that, once create large municipal
staffs, bring together large bodies of men accustomed
to light work and to fixing their own compensation at
the expense of the taxpayer, put down plants and
erect buildings and purchase land; create vested in
terests with subtle ramifications, and it will not be
possible without heroic measures to rectify a series
of mistakes. And, gravest uncertainty of all, there
1 is a question whether the purity, such as it is, of mu
nicipal government will be maintained if it exercises
a multitude of duties, touches finance at many points
and makes politics and business almost synonymous.
Great Britain has been going into public owner
ship for a quarter of a century, and these deliberate
conclusions as to results are of weight now.
TiHE widely advertised meeting to promote the
burdening of the taxpayers with the purchase
and administration of the Geary-street road did
not reach the proportions promised in the advertise
ment Attendance was meager and the platform did
not groan under the weight of the vice presidents.
The speakers dwelt upon the ills we have, as they
see them, and boldly proposed that we fly to others
that we know not of.
The City Engineer filed a letter of estimates,
amending and contradicting his official figures, and
one gentleman made a speech compact of humor and
impassioned appeal, demanding public ownership of
the road because one time, while riding on the cars,
he swallowed a nickel which he had put in his mouth
to pay fare. We may be permitted to diverge for a
moment to be spent in advising that gentleman not
to make a purse of his mouth. It is the age of germs
and microbes, and whole colonies of these pernicious
forms inhabit nickels. It is a dirty and dangerous
practice to store money in the mouth. His position
seems to have been that it will be safe to do so under
public ownership of railroads. If this needed a de
nial we would deny it vehemently. There is nothing
in the charter which makes it the duty of the city
government to scrub and scour and disinfect nickels
in order that they may be safely concealed in the
oral cavity. It is a nasty habit.
Other speakers proceeded to violently despair of
the republic unless the whole city is taxed to build a
railroad for a small portion of the taxpayers, but
even this melancholy prospect failed to produce the
exasperated enthusiasm of the audience.\ No one ex
plained why it is necessary to put a lien on the whole
city in order to let the politicians run a street rail
road that is running already, carrying everybody that
wants to use it, and charging for the service the
same rate that the politicians will charge. If the
proposition were to build a new road where none
exists, as a convenience to people who have not
already such a facility, and the bonds were to be
placed entirely on the new plant and not made a lien
on the city, there would be in it an element of busi
ness sense that would deserve a degree of respect.
The president of the -meeting said that public ser
vants were the tools of corporations, who "betrayed
the city and branded their souls"; he even intimated
that they were like unto Judas, and raised his voice
to a great altitude in asking for a remedy "for the
deplorable state of affairs in our city," and in an
swering his question by prescribing public ownership
of public utilities. He did not take the pains to ex
plain how the medicine would work. The evidence
seems to be beyond dispute that where public owner
ship is tried it alone produces no betterment in pub
lic administration. New York City has owned her
water works for nearly a century, and Tammany has
run the city most of the time and made its admin
tration so noisome that carrion-eating buzzards fly
away to the garbage pile for fresh air. Philadelphia
for years owned and ran water and gas works, and
the public administration has been so corrupt as often
to make Tammany ashamed of its moderation.
FRUIT GROWERS'
INTERESTS WILL
BE PROTECTED
COUNT OF VOTES
CAST AT RECENT
BOND ELECTION
MINING BUREAU
TRUSTEES ARE TO
RESUME WORK
business men resolved to get full value for all money
expended and to pay fair and good wages for all work
done.
Congressman Kahn presented the subject in his
opening address in the emphatic words: "The people
of this city are interested in seeing these improve
ments properly executed. They wish the money they
have voted for public improvements put into public
improvements. They wish to know that the various
commissions that will have these moneys to expend
will expend them, honestly for the desired improve
ments." v
Other speakers at the meeting followed the lines
laid down by the opening address and gave renewed
evidence of the earnestness of the people on that
score. It was therefore with profound satisfaction
that the pledge of Mr. Crocker to give the city an
efficient, businesslike administration was heard.
That pledge constitutes the keynote of the campaign.
Mr. Crocker said: "I pledge myself that if elected
I will be the Mayor of all the people of San Fran
cisco. When I came in this evening from the out
lying district that is proud to be called the boundary
of San Francisco I could see that the desire of the
people is that the money they have voted shall be
honestly spent. I don't mean to say that I can di
rect that work any better than any one else, but I
surely want to be elected Mayor of San Francisco,
and if I am I can say here that if it comes within
my province to say ho\v£this money shall be spent,
the workingmen of San Francisco shall receive every
dollar they are entitled to. But I shall take as much
pains to see that the taxpayers and the people who
have voted this enormous sum for the improvement
of greater San Francisco shall receive every particle
of result from that labor."
No better pledge on this issue of so much impor
tance to the people can be asked for or given. It
is, moreover, a pledge of some value, since it comes
from a business man' of first-class -ability and of
sound honor. The thing that Henry J. Crocker
promises is the thing that ho will do. Men
of business have been counting on him in
great enterprises for years and have always
found him true to his word, and now the people
can count on him in politics. That they will ac
cept him and his colleagues on the strength of these
businesslike pledges and assurances of good govern
ment will be made evident at the ratification meetinjr
on Saturday. It will be something more than a* par
tisan affair, and will make a new record in the way
of popular demonstrations in San Francisco politics.
THE GEARY STREET ROAD.
THE SAN FRANCISCO" CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 7, 1903.
The socialists of Vienna have unloosed their
tongues, made discordant their voices and afflicted
the air with wild abuse of the Czar of Russia. What
license a national dividing line gives to cowards.
How many arc the patriots whose tongues wag thou
sands of miles from the scene of danger or the place
where protest should be made. There are a few such
patriots in the United States.
, Some surprise has been expressed that the pro
gressive citizens of Oakland' have organized them
selves in an aggressive movement for "cleanest Oak
land." We all thought that Oakland, being godly,
necessarily is cleanly, and a new movement in either
direction would be as if striving to paint the lily.
We are sorry that San Francisco, either in theory or
practice, cannot offer a valuable positive suggestion
to the new crusaders. We might, however, pose as
a horrible exariiple.
6
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
UNITED STATES BRANCH. UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT STATEMENT
OF THE OT THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS CONDITION AND AFFATRS
OF THE ° F THE
CALEDONIAN MANCHESTER
INSURANCE COMPANY ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF EDINBURGH. SCOTLAND, en th* 31st _ p MAN 'CHESTER, ENGLAND, ON THB
day of December. A. D. 1WA and for th« %J 3Ut day of Decembf , r A . D . 1902. and
year endlnr on that day. as made to tne in- for the year end i ng on that da y t M ma( j e tt>
tAirance Commissioner of the fataie oi i-aiuor- l|w , i n9uranc « Commissioner of the St»t« of
nla, pursuant to th« provisions of Sections «U> Callforn i a pursuant to the provisions of S*c-
and till of the Political Code, condensed as t , ons el0 and 6n of the poutjc^ C odo. con-
per blank furnished by the Commissioner. densed as per blank furnished by tha Com-
AS&ETb. .,_...„ mlssioner.
Real Estate owned by Company.. $U7,8$* 07 ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks Real Estate owned by Company. . $1,500 00
and Bonds owned by Company. . »«'•;=•> W CaJ|h Market Value of all Blocks
Cash ln Company's Office ,,v2 f ?v£ tt and Bonds owned by Company. 1.328.660 00
Cash ln Banks ••• •• HCoM » Cash , n company's Office 2.1M 34
Interest due and accrued on all cash In Banks 213,334 52
Stocks and Loan* W.oJl 4» interest due and accrued on all
Premiums ln due Course of Coltec- Stocks and Loans 8.321 17
tion • •• w.* 1 " «* Premiums ln due Course of Col-
BilU receivable, not Matured. lection 279.953 02
taken for Fire and Marine Risks 31S OS B| ,, s recelva ble. not Matured.
Due from other Companies for R«- taken for Fire and Marine Risks. 133 40
insurance on losses already paid. 8,108 OO
.. „, ... «- Total Asset« J1.O.W4 4.'.
Total Assets 11,605.411 SI —¦
. . . «.» ~.~,~ a — LIABILITIES.
LIABILITIES. ., T ,-oc7 Louses ad junted and unpaid $1 ».r. I t>
Losses adjusted and unpaid *J«.d»~ ST lom^ ln prO ce9s of Adjustment
Losses in process of Adjustment. or in Xu»D«nse 52.12* 71
or in Suspense ow, »(J a.i j^^, rW |»ted. Including expenses. S7..1I5 ;::>
Losses resisted. Including expenses. 7,600 63 Orosa prMn i um , on Flr « Rjaj,, run.
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- nlng onft year or )ns $1,000,-
ninjr one year or less. I.M.lta 5J; 871 j^. 5O per cent. . 545.433 9S
reinsurance 00 per cent.. 3.0,683 23 Gross premium* on Fire Risks run-
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- nlng mon thliR one yMr> $OCS,-
nlni? more than one year, *3-(.- 2S7 2J; reinsurance pro rata... pno.sra OS
Airier r, e aSfmi a er... p . r . 0 ..™!?::: *a«I S AU oth " uabimi " - ia "
Total Liabilities tKK.029 01 T <** 1 "¦«*»"« .$ l.a«.l<B 49
.„...,_ = INCOME.
INCOME. Set cash actually received for
Net cash actually received for , F lre premiums H.3SMH S*
Fire premiums .?!. 041,162 13 Receive.! for 1 merest and dividends
Received for interest and dividends on Bonds. Stock*. Loans and
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and ..„_-, from all other sources 43.459 IS
from all other sources 44.0TS 81
Received for Rents 16.074 20 Total Income S1.412.W3 m
Received for profits on realization —
of investments 3.396 37 EXPENDITURES.
. . .. .»« „.. —. Net amount paid for Fire Lo«e3
Total Income .11.105.611 37 (including- $173.022 81. losses of
____ VT^ T _ Tn --— prerlous years) ISO4.3D1 57
» S « J. i P »M or allowed for Commission or
Net amount tiald for Fire Losses Brokerage 273.870 31
(Including *15«M1 ID, losses of Paw for Salaries'.' Fees' and other
previous years) $538,609 44 fhanres for officers, clerk*, etc. 112.357 73
Paid or allowed for Commission or ;";•'«. Pali for State National and Local
BrokeraKft 239, HI 27 tMes \ tt.479 71
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other An other j, ayme nts and expendl-
charses for officers, clerks, etc.. 82.063 37 ttir«>« • .•••••- 1C3.0S3 45
Paid for State. National and Local ". ' -
Taxes 25.613 93 Total Expenditures 91.M1.2S3 SO
AH other payments and expendl- = . -
- tures 64,443 69 Fire"
Total Expenditure, $1,007,881 82 ***** '""""* dUr '" g "" *"-*«¦»« *°
— Risks and Premiums.! Fire Risks. I Premiums.
Fire. — —
Losses Incurred during the year.. $541.178 01 Net amount of Risks
Risks and Premiums. jFlre Risks.} Premium*. yVar'T. . *"*™ - - ' $153.983.23742.008.014 80
I " Net amount of Risks ; I v
Net amount of Risks expired durins the
written during the „„_..,,„...,,,,„,. year 174.9O1.4» 2.093.731 3«
year $131.8O5,3*»S fl,43S,3SS 33 Net amolln t In force
Net amount of Risks December 31, 10O2. . 17rt.973.921 2 C59 13!> (T.»
expired during the . . : .
year . . . .^>. H6.130.727 1.668.194 39 GEO. S. A. TOUNO. U. 9. Manarer.
Net ¦ amount in force Subscribed and sworn to, tw ore me this
December 31. 1002.. 154,153,921 1. 680.633 67 29th day of January. 1903.
i i - ' EDWIV I** r*ORF*Y
CHAS. H. POST U. S. Manager. Commissioner for California in New York.
N. A. McNEIli. Asst. -Manager. _____
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 2Sth
day of January. 1*0. H. E^FRANCK.^ PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT,
pacific coasFdepartment. THOS. J. COHROY, Manager,
THOS. J. CONROY, Manager, «G\ W. BROOKS, Assistant Manager.
GEO,W. BROOKS, issisla\t Manager, , 323 C t^S5^ IB ™'
323 CALIFORinA STREET, BALFOUR, CUTHR1E & CO., -
BALFOURrC^TSmE * CO., ™- *"« »'~tor-
Pacific Coast Dlreotora. WEEKLY CAIX, $1.00 PEB YEAR.
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cali-
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Townsend's California, glace fruits and
candies. 60c a. pound, in artistic fire-
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market st., above Call bldg.--*
NEW ADVEBTISEMENTS.
A POSSIBILITY.
That Became a Fact and Pleases
Many People.
A. R. Lewis, M. D., ln a lengthy article
in the columns of the American Journal
of Health, says concerning hhlr: , "Its
deterioration is a constant source of wor-
rlment to. humanity, consequently bald
people arc readily deceived by 'fake' hair
restoratives. The wish that a hair prep-
aration will 'fill the bill* is father to the
fancy that It is likely to do- so. A rare
case in point Is that of Newbro's Herpl-
clde, which actually does 'fill the bill.'
It destroys the parasite that attacks the
hair root, and • prevents dandruff, falling
hair and baldness." Sold by leading drug-
gists. Send 10c in stamps for sample to
The.Herpiclde Co., Detroit, Mich.
CASTOR I A
Tor Infants and Children. \
The Kind You Have Always Bought
'Bears the /^^ //rr „ "
. Signature of C^^7i&^-Valentino Nitro, whose house at 210
Sixth street, near Hooper, is being -torn
down by the Board of Public Works
because it is an obstruction, filed a suit
yesterday for an injunction restraining
the board from completing the destruc
tion of the building. He claims the board
has no right to interfere with him.
Nerio Tries to Enjoin Board.
Edmond Labrousse, who shot and killed
Mi.«s Marie Jordan in front of her moth
er's residence, 1459 Sacramento street, on
September 22 and attempted to take his
own life, was brought from the Central
Emergency Hospital yesterday morning
by Detective Reynolds and booked at the
City Prison on a charge of murder. He
will appear in the Police Court Ihis morn
ing. '- \" \-i
Labrousse Booked for Murder.
Mrs. Desmond says that on Sunday she
heard something tapping on the roof of
her house and on going outside, she saw
that It was caused by. Brlgnoli's feet.
She procured her hose and played it on
tbe roof till Brignoli was forced to beat
a hasty retreat. Brignoli told his wife
of his "wet experience and to get even
with Mrs. Desmond, she played the hose
over the fence for some minutes till Mrs.
Desmond could stand It no longer and
grabbing hold of her hose, she turned a
stream of water over the fence into the
Brignoli premises.
The two women stuck to their posts
on opposite sides of the fence till they
were forced to quit for fear of being
drowned. Now Mrs. Desmond wants to
have the law on Bragnoli for Inducing
his wife to disturb her peace by playing
the hose on her.
Mrs. Roee Desmond, 1719 LAke street,
secured a warrant from Police Judge
Fritx yesterday for the arrest of "John
Doe" Brignoli, 1721 Lake street, on a
charge of disturbing the peace. The two
families have not been on speaking terms
for a long time and to prevent daily
quarrels, a fence twelve feet high was
erected recently between the two houses.
Mrs. Rose Desmond Secures Warrant
for Arrest of "John Doe"
Brignoli.
NEIGHBORS PLAY HOSE ON
EACH OTHEB OVER FENCE
The Jury In the case of D. E. Fletcher,
charged with grand larceny, which has
been on trial for a week In Judge Cook's
court, after being out all night brought
in a verdict of not guilty yesterday morn-
Ing. Assistant District Attorneys Ferral
and Ashe conducted the prosecution and
the defwidant was represented by Attor
neys Ffank Murphy and H. J. Mclsaac.
The Jurors were Emil Jacob, Charles
Nathan, Hugh Judge. George E. Bowers,
W. H. Jardine. Harry Meyers, Peter Mc-
Gowan, J. H. Paige, J. B. Fitch. August
Remy, P. A. Finegan and James Walsh.
Fletcher and Bert Campbell were the
contestants In a footrace at Golden Gate
Park on the afternoon of June 13 last
Herman Grunauer, a commission mer
chant, had been induced to bet $2500 on
the race in a saloon at Stockton and
Ellis Btreets. C. C. Lee, a well known
sprinter, taking the other end. Ira Puerl
Wilkerson was the stakeholder and C. A.
Heuston and John S. Moore held the tape.
Grunauer's man lost and It was claimed
that the race had been "fixed."
Fletcher was the first of the gang to
be tried and every effort was made by
the prosecution to secure a conviction.
The cases of the other defendants — Camp
bell, Lee, Wllkerson, Houston and Moore
—are on the calendar to be set.
First of th© Alleged Footrace Swind
lers to Be Tried by a
Jury.
Miss Cottlow has been engaged by Man
ager Greenbaum for his opening concerts
at the new Lyric Hall. The brilliant
young artist will play In conjunction with
Natorp Blumenfeld. a very clever Ger
man violinist, on the evenings of October
13 and 15 and Saturday matinee, October
17. On Friday. October 16, Miss Cottlow
will give a recital at the Unitarian
church, Oakland.
FLETCHER ACQUITTED ON
GRAND I^AJ&CENY CHARGE
Three times has Miss Cottlow played as
soloist with the Philharmonic Orchestra
in Berlin, and In Russia she followed the
famous Paderewski, creating a furor In
every place ahe played.
years ago, as a child pianist,
ehe came here and by her remarkable
playing of a Chopin concerto surprised
and delighted a large and critical audi
ence. The little pianist of 10 years re
turns to the city a young woman adorned,
with honors won In the musical centers of
Europe, and especially in Germany and
Russia-
MUSICAL people of San Francis
co will remember Gussie Cott
low, who is shortly to appear
in this city, when some ten
Gussie Cottlow, Who Ap
peared Here as a Prodigy,
to Give Recitals.
BERLIN, Oct. 6. — The strike of omnibus
drivers and conductors, which began here on
September 24. involving about 1100 mea. who
demanded twelve hours' work (instead of twelve
to seventeen hours) and time for luncheon,
ended to-day, the men giving up uncondi
tionally.
TALENTED TOUNG PIANIST
WHO WILL BE HEARD IN
THIS CITY.
"When I came back from Alaska I at
once began to have a suspicion that all
was not right and as I made my invest!-
Besides owing large sums to the Hllbert
Mercantile Company and the California
Wine and Brandy Company, both of this
city, Campbell contracted enough
debts to bring the sum total of his lia
bilities up to the $3000 mark. "When
Thompson discovered the true state of af
fairs a little rriore than two weeks ago,
he promptly dissolved his partnership
with Campbell. On September 19 Camp
bell hastily departed for New • York,
where, it is said, he has been endeavor
ing to raise the amount of his deficiencies.
Yesterday Attorney William H.
Schooler, who has undertaken to ne
gotiate between Campbell and his
creditors, received a telegram from
George D. Mechem, a broker of New
York, stating that Campbell was in a fair
way to raise the necessary cash. Thomp
son has little sympathy for his former
partner. He said yesterday:
According to the claims of Attorney
Charles Thompson, the old story of wine,
women and song has been repeated In the
Instance of Arthur L. Campbell, his erst
while friend and business partner. While
he himself was attending to the business
of the legal firm In Alaska, Thompson
asserts that Campbell squandered the as
sets of the firm wlth'a wild abandon until
now he Is back in New York endeavoring
to raise $3000 to prevent himself from
being caught In the toils of the law.
After several months' stay In the North,
Thompson returned a short time ago to
find the business of the firm hopelessly
entangled and Campbell, his partner,
beset by an army of creditors who threat
ened to have the law on him if he did
not settle forthwith. It Is alleged that
while conducting the collection business
of the firm, Campbell failed in many in
stances to turn over to the firms for
which he was acting agent the funds
he had procured.
George T. Mcl>onnell, alias Rev. J. B.
Taylor of Emeryville, alias II. Epstein,
appeared before United States Court
Commissioner Heacock yesterday fur
iucnlii'cation and his ball was fixed at
$1000. In default of a bond ho was sent
to the Alanuda Jail.
The complaint on which McDonnell was
arrested was sworn to by Poatofflce In
spector James O'Connell. He charges
that McDonnell used the mails for the
purpose of defrauding- Clay A. Straley. a
barber doing business at Cottonwood,
and C. G. Pope of the Palace Barber Shop
at Alturnrt, and many others. In work-
Ing his (scheme McDonnell sent duplicates
of the following letter to all his victims:
EMERYVILLE, Cal., July 20, 1003.— Mr. C.
O. • Pooe — Dear Sir: The inclosed pawn ticket
is sent to you by way of restitution. The
sender is at the point of death as the result
of an accident. He wishes mft to sav that h«
once stole some money from you which he is
unable to return, but that the difference be
tween the valua of the locket and the amount
it is pledged (or is considerably more than
the sum stolen. He hopes that you will be
able in this way to reimburse yourself. Yours
very truly, J. B. TATLOR,
Pastor Church of the Redeemed.
There is no Pastor J. B. Tarlor at
Emeryville and no Church of the Re
deemed. The two barbers named had
no recollection of having bean plun
dered by any one and turned over
the letters to the postofflce authori
ties, who detailed Postofflce Inspector
James O'Connell to work on the case.
The Inspector found several victims who
had each sent H2 50 to redeem the dia
mond locket and In return each had been
sent by McDonnell a gilt locket with an
Imitation diamond.
McDonnell's examination was set for
October 31.
Assistant City Engineer Morser says
that the cue Is being taken from the good
results obtained in the oiling of the drive
ways in Golden Gate Park. He says the
pavement is probably the best that can
be used where the value of the property
does not warrant any great outlay. The
treatment with oil results in the forming
of a sort of bituminous rock payment,
which, with ordinary care, will last for
a long period.
gations I discovered the true state of
affairs. Campbell was in serious danger
of going to jail. I learned that all the
money he could not account for went over
the bar for liquor or was spent In quiet
little times with a fair young stenog
rapher.
The expense of the proposed improve
ment will lie entirely with the owners of
property fronting on the streets It Is pro
posed to oil. The only interest the city
has In the matter is the Issuance of a
permit for the work.
As the contracts now read they bind
the firm of De Camp & Moosher to fur
nish the required amount of petroleum
on the streets, some of which have been
macadamized for the purpose of convert-
Ing them Into smooth roads. They ar© to
be maintained by the firm for a period
of three years, after .which time they will
require little or no attention.
Property owners have already applied
to the Board of Public Works for the oil
ing of Point Lobos avenue, ajid It is be
lieved that this thoroughfare will be oiled
to Twelfth avenue. Some of the other
avenues in the Richmond district will also
be treated with, oil, together with the
streets in the Sunset district which will
warrant the improvement. I
therein.
Property owners In the Richmond and
Sunset districts axe preparing to enter
Into contracts for the oiling of certain
streets in their localities. The contracts
are being prepared and have been sub
mitted to City Engineer Gfunsky for his
opinion as to the specifications contained
Property- Owners Will Defray
the Cost of the Froposed
Improvement.
Two Barbers Whom He Tried
to Swindle Refuse to
Take the Bait.
.'•"The twenty-third annual convention of
the J^o Fia.ncisco Baptist 'Association
. / . • ., (i yesterday afternoon In the First
'Baptist Church on Edcy street. The meet
• "^ whs attended by about 100 members
f the association, representing Baptist
. i hurrhf-s of the various cities of the Pa
i .'¦-- Coast.
•'The m^etinc was called to order at 2
V clock by the Rev. J. George Gibson,
moderator, who is to preside over the
< ;:tire st-ssion. The moderator was as
sisted by the Rev. J. M. Helseley, assist
ant moderator; F. M. Reed, clerk, and
i <_*. L. Lombard of Oakland, treasurer.
« The opening exercises were conducted
by the Rev. Thomas P. Boyd of Wood
-Jan<3. his .theme being '•Evangelism." Fol
lowing the owning exercises was the
"moderator's address and the appointment
of the committees on enrollment, enter
tainment, nominations and resolutions.
The two most Important sermons of the
jneetin|r were by the Rev. William Thom
as-of Stockton, who has just returned to
San Francisco after an extended trip
through lingland. and who used for his
," text the "State of Religion in England,"
and the Rev. Louis J. Sawyer, who de
. livefed the annual sermon < f the asso
ciation. The Rev. Louis J. Sawyer has
- for come time past been rector of Hamil
ton Square Church In San FTancisco. and
is about to depart fcr the Philippine Isl
*ands and China to continue his work in
connection with the church.
. Following the Rev. Mr. Sawyer's ser
mon were the reports by the enrollment
and entertainment committees and nu
jmerous letters of application for mem
berphin to the association were opened
•and" read.
The association met again last even
ing, and will hold bIx more meetings, the
last nf which will taJce pla.ee to morrow
evening at 7:30 o'clock and will conclude
, the session.
Those who will participate in the ex
ercises and who are taking active part
' in' the session are:
The Kev. T. P. Boyd. the Rev. William j
Thomae. tii* He\: S. P. Ournn, Captain Luke
Bicfcel the R*>v. Robert Whitaker. the Rev.
S, C Austin, the Rev. A. "VV. Burklanfl. the
p.cv P. A. HJelm. Mi5t> AmeB. the Rev. E.
<ioo<iwin. the Rev. R. L. Halsey, the Rev. C.
H DewcO, the Bar. H. J. Vosburph. the Rev.
T Baldwin, Professor P. B. Randall, the Rev. i
: S. ir PuIIi*. the Rev. E. R. Bennett, the
Rpv. T. G. Prownsin. the R»v. J. Sutherland.
I> 1'. War<5. K. K. Travis. t!i<" Rev. M. £lauth
ter «nd the Rev. R. <Tnirtophers"n.
San Francisco Church Asso
ciation to Hold Series
cf Meetings.
Old Story of High Life With
Sudden Awakening Is
Re-Snacted.
Richmond and Sunset
Districts Residents
the Promoters.
Arthur L. Campbell Has
to Flee Persistent
Creditors.
Forger McDonnell Poses
as an Emeryville ,
Pastor.
BAPTISTS MEET
IN CONVENTION
Twenty- Third Annual
Gathering Begins
Its Labors.
YOUNG ATTORNEY
IS IN TROUBLE
PLAN TO OIL
CITY ROADWAYS
PAWN TICKETS
USED TO DECOY
YOUNG PIANIST
RETURNS LADEN
WITH LAURELS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 7, 1903.
7
AMUSEMENTS.
Nothing Can Affect Our Busln-s*.
The rresa and Public Are With t'a.
Read these criticisms:
Chronicle — "The management spread lts«U
on the production."
Call — "Broke th» record for successes."
Examiner — "Brought out the company."
Bulletin — "As goc<3 as the best better than
the rest." f;,
Post — "Good from first to last."
| THE PARADERS
And the House Will Net Hold the Crowds for
a Month.
Our "All-Star" Cast. Including
KOLB AND DILL,
! BARNET BERNARD^
WINFIE1.D BLAKE,
HARRY HETRMSEN,
MAUDE AMBER.
ELEANOR JENKIN3. -
TIVOUSSB
NOTE — Performances begin at 8 sharp; Sat*
urday matinee at 2 sharp.
TO-N1CHT
Friday and Saturday Nights. Puccini's Ever
Popular Opera.
"LA BOH.EME."
Thursday and Sunday Nights. Saturday Mat*
Inee Verdi's Magnificent Production.
" OTELLO."
Next TVeek— "MIONON." "CAVALLER1A**
and "PAGLIACCI."
ALWAYS THE SAME PRICES. .25c. 30c. 73«
Telephone Bush 9.
MATINEES TO-MO?.aOW SATV s 1^Vkr.
The Dramatic Sensat'on o? ths City.
—LAST FOUR NIGHTS—
JAMES 1NEILL
Elaborate Production of the Most Successful
Dramatic Version of Outda's Celebrated Novel.
UNDER TWO TLAGS
With EDYTHE CHAPMAH as CI3ARETT3.
DDIPPQ EVENINGS 15c. 23c. 60c. 75«
rnlUCO MATINEES 13c. 23c. Mo
Children Vnder 5 Years Not Admitted During
Mr. NeiU's Engagement.
Beginning Mat 8iad»y Xatiaae. Oetottr UU.
BOTHWILL BBOWHI JCVBNILS COKPAHY if
150 In Borles^w Eitr*T»gin«» Chogttra.
A T aO A T A "TO Be'* 5 * 10 * Mayer.
ALCAZAR >?%?%&
General Manager.
FAREWELL. WEEK— MAT. TO-MORROW.
FLORENCE ROBERTS
In David Belasco's Dramatic Triumph.
Ev? 25e to 75c: Mats. Thurs. & Sat.. 15c to 50s
ZAZA AT BOTH MATINEES.
NEXT MONDAY— Opening of tne
NEW ALCAZAR STOCK COMPANY
With ADELB BLOCK. JAME3 DURKIJf.
FRANCES STARR and JOHN B. MAHER.
First Tlm« Here of Pinero's Comedy Drams,
LADY BOUNTIFUL
ifAUFORMft
I fl j TO-NIGHT— AIX THIS \F*L
W I WEEK. If 1
The Win. H. West Big Minstrel Jubilee
_ —^ Funny Comedians.
CI f I Star Vocalists.
rjll Clever Specialists.
** Powerful Male Chorus.
And the treat feature — the burlesque
Olio finale— THE WIZARD OF BOZ.
Sunday— Ed Garvle aa MR. JOLLY OF
JOLIET.
Tl Broadhurst's Latest Musical Ip^a
I B^ |k I
HEATRbl
MATINEE TO-DAT {WEDNESDAY). Oct. T.
Parquet, any seat. 25c; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, any oart except reserved. 10c.
RADIANT VAUDEVILLE
Clayton White and Marie Stuart
Company; Fantzer Trio; Arthur
Cunningham; Golden Gate Quar-
tette and Fanny Wlnfred; Myles
McCarthy, Assisted by Aida Wool-
cott; the Great Alexius; Carlton
and Terre; Paulo and Dika and
new Motion Pictures.
COLUMBIA SSSS
SUCCESS — EVERLASTING — SUCCESS I
THIS TVEEK AND NEXT "WEEK.
Every Night. Including; Sunday.
MATINEE SATURDAY ONLY.
John C Fisher and Thomas W. Ryley present
THE WORLD'S MUSICAL HIT.
FLORODORA
GREAT BEAUTY SEXTET-
CHORUS OB" SEVENTT.
Number One New York Company
> BELASCO A MAYER. Proprietor*.
, Market St.. Near Eighth. Phone South 533.
TO-NIGHT— ALL TH13 WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Tremendous Success of
L. R. STOCKWELL.
First Time at Popular Prices In Du Souchet'a
Greatest Comedy,
4t My Friend From India. 0
All the Central Favorites In the Cast.
DDirCC Evenings 10c to 50s
I rnlWCO Matinees... 10c. 15c. 23c
Wee* of October 12— "THE MIDNIGHT
BELL."
FISCHER AND WACKEB,
LABKINS AND PATTERSON
AND A GREAT SHOW EVERY AFTERNOON
AND EVENINO IN THE THEATER.
Inspect "CABARET DE LA MORT."
VISIT THE "MYSTIC MIRROR MAZE."
Lion Slaying Baboon in the Zoo.
TO-NIGHT— OUTING OF THE
PAST CHIEF RANGERS. A. O. F.
ADMISSION. 10c; CHILDREN. 5c.
When Phcntna; Aslt for "The Chutes."
1f\ I I W i ff\ Ammunition. Uuntlri; auU
S ¦¦ BtlflL ¦'Sporting Good*. Larseat
3 m 8 I Blfl stock. Lowest price*. jJ*dJ
K»l'IUll3«n toT catalogue,
yyil %& SHREVS & BARBER CO..
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AS SURE AS
THE SUN RISES
So Certain Will Be Your Ours of Piles if
Ton Desire Lmmedi&ts Belief
From Paia.
Are you suffering: from the agonizing disease
of pll*s? Ia your lif* one of pain a.nd un-
happineaa and misery? Co you want to bs
cured? Tour cure will be certain, complete
and os lasting: as your life by using a simple,
natural remedy that gives Immediate relief.
No knife, no torture, no pain and applied In j
the privacy of your own home. The Pyramid
Pile Cure has never failed «ven In the most
aggravated cases. It ia in the form of a,
suppOBitory and Is applied directly to the af-
fected parts, giving Instant relief. It will
cure you Just as certain as you try It. Of this
there Is no question or shadow of a doubt.
A prominent Milwaukee lady saya: "For
years I suffered Intense agony from piles. My
nerves were shattered and many times I
prayed that death might release me from my
torture. No one on earth can ever know what
misery, and pain I endured. Pyramid Pile
Cure cured me completely, thoroughly and per-
manently. For two years I have not had a
symptom of piles. I can never thank and
praise you enough for this blessed deliverance."
Pyramid Pile Cure Is for sale by all drug-
girta at 50 cents a package. If not kept by
your drugflst, will be sent on receipt of price
by Pyramid Drug Co., Main St.. Marshall,
Mich.
Write for fr«a booklet on the nature, treat*
ment and cure of piles.
SOHEMifA
* v SOLD EVERYWHERE. M
HILBERT MERCANTILE CO.. K
Pacific Coast Agents. Jf
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
~~SEAT_SALE ~
COTTLOW
THE GREAT PIANISTE.
SHERMAN. CLAT & CO/S.
THIS MORNING AT 9 O'CLOCK.
Wher« complete programmes may be obtained.
Concerts at Lyric Hall Tuesday and Thursday
Night*. October 13-15. Saturday Matinee. 17th.
Oakland. Friday. 16th.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A FRESK SKEN 1
• For half a century Helskell's Ointment Q
hc» b^en ured by cartful mothera every- W
where for purlfylnjj and preseirlng the gj
tkln In beauty. IIeuk«H'a Ointment B
cures red, rou^h ekln. Plmjlea. Blotches, Ij
H'jrr.a. Scalds. Tetter, Erysipelas. Salt Q
Kheum. ScaJd Head. Itch, Ringworm. H
Vlcera, Ecre Noe*. Sore Eyelida. H
HEISKELL'S |
Ointment p
c-^'s all irritation; majces the skin beau- 13
tifuJly fair and smooth. Heiskcll'a Soop H
ar.d Ile'.skeJI'B Ointment make a. complete Q
trratrr.ent and rure care for any akin R
trouble. At dniEelsts". soap, i^c; o!nt- B
n.er.t. SOc Send for book cf testl- B
JOHNSTON. HOLLOWAY & CO. I
Philadelphia. B
P^l^rP °ON'T FAIL TO
rdidtc Bce the bMBdW
j COURT Lounging
i\ fl fl room, the EMPIRE
" uu PARLOR, the
C 1 PALM ROOM, the
llftiflU LOUIS XV PAR-
\ii uuu LOR^ and the LA
U~l~\~ DIES' WRITING
Dotels room -
.5 visit DR. JORDAN'S great4
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
(i C]) i:ZlV.LZZZZZZ.l-'Xe-l.f;Z,Z.T.Zil A
j. "if Tbe Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
m j— --j",— World WeakBfues or any contracted Q
' K 35 disease ysaltivrlx e«r*4 hy the o'iieit T
lOX I 01 *' 11 ' OB the Cout Est3*ycari. 0
$ tltSA CR * JORDAN-DISEASES OF KEN A
SI VTtjB Cotwultatioo free and stri'.tljr priT»ie. \
a ti'DH 1rej-men» penonall|r or bjr letter. A B
B Jr M ¦ t'ontm Curt ia crery c**e uadenakea. T
f // lw u >tc(or BMk.pn>Lo«ornY«r A
'I 11^ "*»miA«iE. MAILED rXEB. (Af
A (I H valuable book for arc] \
f OB. JUBD1N *io, 1051 Market St-.S. F. 9
JR Those sufferine from Treak-
_ V^ _ nesses \rhi-h sap the pleasures
Q " " of life should take Juven Pills.
iti One bottle win tell a story of
marrelous results This im-dicine has more
rejurenatine. realizing fnr<-e than has ever
been offered. Sent bj mail in plain package
onlT on receipt of this adv. anA $L
Made by its originators C. I. Hood Co.. pro-
prjetors Hood s karsaparilla. LoireiL Mtvaa.
DR PIERCES J
GOLDEN
MEDICAL.
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
I BLOQD t LIVER,tHJiVGS.|
*" E WE^r J ,? I if riCESS COLl-EGE OF THK
Subscriptions to The Delineator can be handed in at any of the following Butterick Agencies in this city:
The Butterick Publishing Co., (Ltd.), 201 Post street. _ W. C. Hays, $f { £v 1303 Polk street.
Weinstock, Lubin & Co., Grant avenue and Geary street. . Schoenholz Bros. & Co., 2011-2013 Fillmore street.
I. S. Cohen, 145 Sixth street. F. I*. Waibel, 3035 Sixteenth street.
J.W.Eaton, 639 McAllister street. Oscar Waibel, 2526 Mission street.
1 *^WB3ff^Bpntf^^^^z^^^ Jiy/Vv^ VxvQr _^0^r iff B J^r .^^^ w
I FOR FASHION'S LATEST FADS , FOR BRIGHTEST FICTION
B What is being made abroad is told in our letters from London and The cleveresl &ory writers assisl in making The Delineator's pages
H Paris, and what is to be worn here this Winter is fully pictured and entertaining. In November Lillie Hamilton French tells of "An Inter-
H described in detail. Many pages are devoted to illustrations of fashion- rupted Honeymoon"; Minna C. Smith of "The Little Mail Carrier";
g able hats, creations of the besl houses, and the newesl dress fabrics, William MacLeod Raine of "An Unpremeditated Engagement"; and
Ij trimmings and accessories. The Dressmaking and Needlework depart- then the serial slory, " The Evolution of a Club Woman," about which
|J ments are invaluable to the woman who would be well gowned. •.verybody is talking, is continued.
I FOR HOUSEHOLD HELPS . FOR WOMAN'S SOCIAL DOINGS
Q "Household Helps" is a trite expression. Far from trite are the. helps Woman's clubs, her entertainments, her obligations to society, and
|j continually offered in The Delineator by able writers who.suggesf new her various occupations, are delightfully treated from various view points.
¦ thoughts in cooking, happy arrangements in furnishing and short cuts in
I all branches of housekeeping. pQR ATTRACTIVE ILLUSTRATIONS
I For ChSHren'sStories and Pastimes ''feat fd
1 /ft+dr &Cfi* *E^^jA*Ge£^*<^2/^^ The world's besl inuitrators make the Delineator's pages attractive. '
H Cs 9 . iiiiiaaiHH.i mm «. second of J. C. Hemment's remarkable photographic articles, an .
H The Delineator's juvenile slories can be really enjoyed by children uncommon slory of Mr. Hemment's uncommon doings, is in the November
H who read or are read to. The many suggestions offered keep little number, and the work of Guerin, Rosenmeyer, Keller, Ashe, Lowell,
H hands amusingly occupied, and teach while they amuse. Aylward, Leyendecker and Eaton appears monthly.
I FOR THE COMPLETEST MAGAZINE FOR WOMEN
H Gr' Wr Of your newsdealer or any ButtericL agent, or of the publishers, at 15 cents a copy, $1.00 for "an entire year.
i THE BUTTERICK PUBLISHING COMPANY. LTD.. 17 West 13th Street, New York
H TIT DFF A bciitihJ bUck and white miniature reprodu<ftion of a 50-cent »(25 cenb to .ulacriben) four-*heet calendar, prated m colon. «r«i«ica!ly mounted. rmaenoBaB ABY-
H Mf JK. A> SLf HOOD, CHILDHOOD. GIRLHOOD and MOTHERHOOD, will be tent free to aar one wntm« a poital for * and mentmung thM papei. WRITE TO-DAY.Civil Service Commission. Announces
Examination for Police Promotions
From. Lieutenant to Captain.
ISSUES ELIGIBLE LIST
FOB FIRE TBUCKWT.N
The best bout of the evening was fur
nished by Barney Driscoll and Fred Ten
ny. Driscoll received the decision, but It
was dangerously close, and for that rea
son many were far from being pleased.
Both boys began to flght at the outset
and never for a moment did they slacken
their speed.
Driscoll was literally cut to ribbons, but
showed be was game. He never let up
and finally be began to use his left to
advantage. Tenny rushed his opponent
most of the time and fought a great bat
tle. Drlscoll's cleverness was all that
saved him from belnc knocked out on
many occasions. When he was awarded
the palm of victory it came as a surprise
to many ( of the spectators.
Pete SUlllvan knocked out Jack Adams
in the third round of a flght that was
a wonder. 50th men were all but fin
ished many times, yet they went to It
and fought for the sake of fighting. J.
St. Clair finished Jim McCann in two
rounds with a good wallop to the Jaw.
Joe Kelly put "William Hampshire to the
carpet in the first round, and Joe Nlde
rost secured the decision over Jim Leary.
The fight proved that Flnnlgan Is the
best boxer In his class to be found within
many miles of this city. He was cool
and coUrrtod every minute of the time
and had the clever Kehoe at bis mercy
from the tap of the gong. Flnnlgan be
gan to punish his man badly In the sec
ond round, so the' seconds of the latter
threw up the sponge to save their charge
from an unnecessary beatinsr.
The first national championship boxing
tournament under the auspices of the
Pacific Athletic Association brought out
a. number of likely boys last night and
save tho large gathering a chance to
cheer for fighting that was fast and fu
rious and savored of the strenuous stuff.
In the main event George Flnnlgan, the
bantam from the Olympic Club, easily
outclassed Ed Kehoe and won In the sec
ond round. Eddie Graney refereed all the
bouts.
R. H. H.
national. 12!
.Americaos a a ¦»
llau'^-.«s— "Wetoer and Elisx; Patteraon and
Sullivan.
ST LOUIS Oct. 8. — The American* again
won "from tiie Nationals to-d&r- ThU makes
three «tral«bt rarnea for the American Leajrae
te&m. Doth te^n* plared an ordlc&ry came.
Attendance, 875. Soore:
R. H. B.
American, 10 ** f
National* 2 7 0
Batteries — Sleren and Sartea; Hacfcett and
Coventy.
PHILADO^PHIA, Oct. 6. — Score:
R. H. E.
Philadelphia Americans U « J
l'hlledalphla Nationals 1* « »
XJatxeriw — Henley. Plcanoe and Schrecken
eoBt; Mitchell and Daoln.
COL.UHBCS. Oct. 6. — Score:
R. H. E.
Cincinnati Nationals 2 3 1
Cleveland Americans 1 • •
Batteries— Hahn and Peltx; Bernhard and
Bernls. Attendance. 1455.
PTTTSBrEO. Oct. C— Notwitfwtanain*
thowrsa mad tireattusic* irtathw tha flrtt
pn. on the h<xa» «tou*1s of ttm world's
P •nice bertreen Plttilrar* and
Borton in* piwe4 to-dar. reoalUn* in a vie
torr for *-*>• JooJ t** 13 - S *"» *• Tbe ' lre » th * r
orodltloea lLd< tba attendanoa down to 7900.
Tfc» ¦tries ac**" «tand» three to one ia fsror
of Plttabutx. Score:
XL H. £.
Ktt*«W » « I
Boston * * L
Dal Idles rtiimrjt and B«hn; Dloeea and
cn*w.
CHICAGO. Oct. 6.— The Nationals deleated
the Americas Uxurue team to-day by ail
round bfitev playii^, getting ttelr hiU at th«
rigfct time aid linln* cot loc« flies LhaX *oor«"<l
taen cc UWrd easily. Attendance 220U. Soore:
Championship Series Stands
Three to One in Favor of
tha Nationals.
Drieooll Wins Decision Over
Tenny After a Great
Battle.
Clever Bantam Disposes
of Kehoo in Second
Round.
Poor Weather Condi
tions Mar Game With
the Bostons.
PITTSBURE WINS
ON HOME GROUNDS
FINNIGAN SHOWS
MARKED SKILL
Eddie Hanlon may meet Young Corbett
In this city In December. The Denver
man has expressed a desire to come
West again this winter and is anxious
for anouther bout with Hanlon. Aurello
Herrera is also seeking a match with
Hanlon.
Hanlon has sent word north that he
cannot fight McClelland on the 16th lnst.
He offers to fight him late in the month,
which would afford him an opportunity
to train properly. .
Eddie Hanlon in Demand.
The members of the tournament com
mittee present last night were Samuel
Adler, chairman: Charles Plckler, Henry
Bush, J. Loughery and G. S. Mlnott
The tournament committee of the San
Francisco Bowling Association met last
night at the Central alleys and arranged
the details of the coming season's play.
The first games will be rolled next Tues
day night and the tournament will con
tinue until next May.
Thirty-three clubs, an Increase of nine
over last year, have entered the prelim
inary tournament for classification for
the team championship. The schedule
calls for each club to play seventy-two
games. A player must take part In fifty
four of these to qualify for an individual
prize. Games will be played on ten alleys.
Thirty-Three Clubs Will Take Part
in the Series of Winter
Games.
BOWLING TOTJBNAMENT
ATTRACTS MANY ENTBIE
The annual meeting of the California
Tennis Club was held last night and tha
following officers were elected to serve*
for the coming year: President and"
treasurer, W. S. MacGavln; vice presi
dent, W. B. Collier, Jr.; secretary. Grant
Smith; delegates to Pacific States Lawn
Tennis Association, Dr. Sumner Hardy,
W. B. Collier and Grant Smith; tourna
ment committee, Frank Strlngham, Will
Allen and Chester Smith; grounds com
mittee, Dr. Lovegrove, Dr. Noble and
Harry Haight; committee on by-laws, W.
B. Collier, Frank Strlngham, Dr. Love
grove and Alexander Bey fuss; ejection
committee. Judge Hunt, G. N. Ormsby.
and Miss Eva Varney.
The club Is In a prosperous condition
and many improvements will be made.
Hodgkinson, the grounds keeper, severed
his connection with the club- last night.
Jfew Administration Promises Many
Improvements on the
Co xix its.
TENNIS CLTJB ELECTS
BOARD OF OFFICEBS
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 6.— Entries:
First race, five and a half furlongs, selling,
two and three year olds — Rhyme- and Reason
97 Hemlock 10» Harry Griffith 114, Sadie
Burch 97 Bradley Bill 87, Interrogation 92,
Tom Mankins 95. Sceptre 111. General I»rlg
104 Miss Gould 101, Harbor 95. Marc Rose 92,
Happy Chappy 10G. Vestry 111. Rusk 100.
Second race six furlongs, selling, four-year
olds and upward— Great Star 104. Ventoro 101.
"Emily Oliver 101 Duela »«. Weird 101. Allyar
104 Revenge Dare 101, Miss Guldo 9ti Sweet
Charity 104. Aline. S 90. Slah 101. berncw.
104. Ethel Davis 06, Dr. Scharff 107. The-
Or Thlrd race six furlongs, purse, fillies, two
year-olds—Lora J 105. Tootsey Mack 9i. Anne
Davis 97. Miss Crawford »7. Debbie May 105.
Fourth race, one and an eighth miles han
dicap three-year-olds and^upward— Leenja 85.
Mallory 91. Taby Tosa 101. LUlle Scout 113.
Josle F S5. Light Opera 90. Flintlock 104 ¦
Fifth race one mile, purse, three-year-olds—
M. Bcauralre 100. First Mason 112^Dan Mc-
K s"xfh 1 ra"ce. seven furlongs selling three
vear-olds and upward— Aules 102. Dr. Helscher
of Lady Drape? 90. Behoove 104. Athelroy 105.
Dekabor 99 Belvlno 105. Macbeth 107. Pepper
Dick 105. Captain Galnes 103.
ST. LOUIS SELECTIONS.
By the New York Telegraph.
First race — Sceptre, Happy Chap
pie, Vestry.
Second race — Theory, Ethel Davis,
Dr. Scharff.
Third race — Miss Crawford, Colum
bia Girl, Annie Davis.
Fourth race — Taby Tosa, Light
Opera, Flintlock.
Fifth race — First Mason, Mon
sieur Beaucaire, Dan McKenna. jj
Sixth . race — Behoove, Macbeth,
Belvino. x
ST. LOUIS ENTBIES.
Time 1:47%. Start good. Won easily.
Winner L. Lemp & Co.'s ch. m. by Magnet
izer-Lasca. Ladaa 107. One- More 90, Our
Lady 109. Professor Neville 109. Loono 107,
Broodier 104, also ran.
SIXTH RACE — Mile and seventy yards;
selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
0 to 5 — Lasso 99 (Livingston) ... 4 1 13
10 to 1 — Star Gazer. 107 (Mathws) 3 2 2 10
6 to 1— M. Volmer. 102 (Perkins) 6 6 3 n
FIFTH RACE — Six and a half furlongs;
selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
0 to 2— Mendon 105 (Miller) 5 6 1 ltt
0 to 1— Orient. 100 (Austin) 3 12 8
20 to 1— Falkland. 107 (Jones) 1 3 S h
Time. 1:22%. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. A F. Dayton & Co.'s ch. g. by Dorlan-
Pllonnisa. Cap and Gown 107. Ingolthrtft 103.
Lampadrome 108. Hugh McGowan 100. W. P.
Palmer 100, Overhand 107. also ran.
FOURTH RACE — Six furlongs; handicap:
Betting. Horse Weight, Jockey. Bt. % Fin.
9 to 2— Two Lick, 96 (Gilmore)... 4 1 1 n
7 to 1 — Mlmo 85 (Howell) 2 4 2 3
» to 1— Elastic, 112 (Hall) 1 3 3 ft
Time 1:15%. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. Hlckey Bros. & Co.'s b. f. by Wagner-
Sallle Marshall. Croix d'Or 108 Roeecourt 88,
Brulare 108, Yellow Tall 112, also ran.
THIRD RACE — Mile and seventy yards;
selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
5 to 1— Sting. 90 (Austin) 4 1 11
5 to 2— Silver Fizz, 104 (Birkrth) 7 6 2 5
30 to 1— Eliza Cook. 104 (McCarty)lO 3 3 nk
Time. 1:48%. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. C. Scbawacker's b. f. by Prince of
Monaco-Gypsy Queen. Chandoo 107, Reducer
104, King's Court 1C6, Tenny Belle 107.
Charles D 104, Whltmore 104. Socapa 104, also
ran.
SECOND RACE— Five and a half furlonga;
purse :
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
12 to 1 — Launay. 108 (Matthews).. 6 S 1 1
4 to 1 — Klowa Chief, 105 (WaJace) 2 1 2 S
7 to 1— Bugle Horn. 1CS (Hall).. 1 2 3 12
Time. 1:10%. Start good. "Won easily.
Winner. W. 'Gcrst's b. c by Inspector B-Gulc
clo!i. Benton 103, Caybon 105 Arlo 108, Tur
rando 108. Merrie George 108, Capitol 105. Bill
Nye 105, Ad Smith 110. Bob Curt 105, also
ran.
8T. LOUIS, Oct. 6.— The feature event
at the Fair Grounds tto-day was won by
Two Lick, heavily played at 9 to 2. after
an excellent ride by Gilmore. Matthew,
on Croix d'Or, the favorite, put up a mis
erable exhibition of riding.
Pleasant weather and a fast track drew
a big crowd to the course. Summary:
FIRST RACE — Mile and seventy yards: »eU
lng:
Betting. Horse. "Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
5 to 2 — The Four Hundred, 10*
(Sheehan) 1 1 13
20 to 1— Mae Miller. 104 (McCarty) 3 J 21H
12 to 1— Burgoyne. 104' (Donegan). 6 6 3 1^
Time. 1:49. Start fair. Won easily. Win
ner, E. Dealy & Co.'s ch. c. by De Beauvolr-
Emma Loise. Margie S 104. Harry K 1O*.
Belle Simpson 104. Pilaster 109, Xllgar 104.
"Wine and ,Song 104. Alalla 104, also ran.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Since he left the employ of the "Whit
ney stable Tommy Burns Is knuckling
down to hard work and the form chart
shows a vast improvement In his riding.
M. D. Miller, who has put in a success
ful season booking on the Chicago tracks,
will race a good stable out here the com
ing season.
Willie Buchanan, the Oakland boy who
is riding for Barney Schrelber at Chi
cago, is apt to be one of the stars thla
winter at Oakland and Ingleside. "Buck"
got into a peck of trouble with the stew
ards down at New Orleans last winter,
but is in good standing now, and says ha
intends to stay there.
At the close of the Spokane, Wash.,
meeting Billy Randall will ship his string
of five horses to Oakland.
Frank McMahon will race his recent
Eastern purchase, Oronte, at Spokane.
Sad Sam is there, too, and the pair ought
to furnish quite a contest.
"Virginia" Carroll, whose stock of re
partee exceeded the demand out this way,
has been booking most of the summer at
St. Louis for Max Gumpertz. Carroll la
a clever layer of odds and at last ac
counts was $12,000 to the good. He has
purchased a residence in St. Louis and
intends to make that city his home. If
everythlng^goea ¦well with the new track
at Hot Springs. Ark., Carroll may hang
out his shingle there.
Grover Cleveland Full-er, the crack
rider of the far East at tire age of IS.
appears to have acquired a dry thirst that
a garden hose cannot keep wet down. One
day last week at one of the New YorS
tracks Fuller landed in the jockey-room
with an unlabeled load, that the clerk of
the scales refused to weigh. He gives
every indication of a young man destined
to stray from the path followed by his
illustrious namesake, the- ex-President.
The stewards have his case before them.
The exodus of horsemen to California
has commenced. Emil Herz wired Secre
tary Treat of the California Jockey Club
for eight stalls. His horses were shipped
from Chicago on Monday. Herz waa
formerly a partner of "Boots" Durnell,
which firm dissolved partnership some
months ago, owing to a disagreement
over gambling operations. Durnell and
Herz raced their horses at New Orleans
last winter, and had the star performer
there in the great McChesney.
Another owner with an eye out for
some of the early money la that of Franlc
Phllllpa. The genial Frank's stable left
Chicago for Oakland last Saturday ia
charge of Alec Forbes. Beau Ormonde,
owned by Ed Kiipp of Sacramento, is
a member of the string.
Dr. Rowell has by no means forsaken
the tracks at this end of the line. The
doctor made some stake entries at L03
Angeles, but wired Secretary Treat yes
terday to # reserve his old stalls, as he
would be 'here shortly with a stable of
thirteen.
Dick Havey, who will fulfill the duties
of starter at the L03 Angeles meeting,
which begins on Saturday next, leaves for
the Southern city on Thursday night.
Martin Nathanson will not come to
California this winter. The sterling sec
retary of Harlem track. Chicago, finds
his duties at home so multifarious that
he cannot undertake the trip.
"When a selling plater of the stripe o£
The Fiddler, who could not win a race
at the Petaluma meeting, can be taken to
one of the New York tracks and be made
the medium of a big coup, it only goes
to demonstrate that California possesses
a better class of horses than some of tho
critics give the coast credit for having.
Perhaps on the other side of the hilla tha
owners of The Fiddler found a new
brand of resin, or else this latest Fiddler
may have b«en a promising pupil of the
California horse.
Stable of Emil Herz, the Big
Chicago Plunger, Due
at Oakland.
Stupid Exhibition of
Jockeyship.
Croix d'Or's v Pilot Puts Up
Heavily Backed Colt Is
Excellently Ridden
by Gilmore.
Martin Nathans on Is
Not Coming West
This Winter.
STILL TALKING
OF THE FIDDLER
TWO LICK WINS
HANDICAP EVENT
The electric roads of the United States
carried last year three times the popula
tion of the earth.
William Price and Katie Lubock were
instructed and arraigned in Police Judge
Fritz's court yesterday on a charge of
assault with a deadly weapon, and the
case was continued till Friday. W. B.
Brewer, stableman, 1626 Mission street,
complained that while he was at 933%
Howard street early yesterday morning
Price hit him on the head -with the butt
end of a revolver, inflicting a scalp
wound, but when two policemen went to
the house, the woman said she had
wielded the weapon.
Hit on Head With Revolver.
Jean Durell, a popular and gifted dia
lect reader and impersonator, who was
recently prostrated while rendering a part
on the stage at Modesto, is now at St.
Winifred's Hospital, 1025 Sutter street,
under the care of. Dr. Winslqw Anderson.
It will be quite a long time before she
will . be able to resume her professional
work, but the chances of her complete
restoration '""to health are good. Mfes
Durell was identified with the Chicago
Press Club before she came to San Fran
cisco. During the recent Grand Army
Encampment here she was foremost in
the entertainment of veterans and vis
itors at George H. Thomas Post Hall and
press headquarters.
Jean Durell's Condition.
At last, when it became possible, Mr.,
Erwin expressed his heartfelt thanks for
the reception accorded him by the im
mense assemblage.
The programme then proceeded and
nothing could be more enjoyable or choice
than its arrangement. Music by the or
chestra, numbering eighteen members,
under the direction of Otto Fleissner, was
one of the features of the evening. Its
selections were delightfully played. In
the two comediettas, "A Happy Pair" and
"A Pair of Lunatics," the actors kept the
audience in a continuous roar of laughter.
The following was the programme:
Overture, "Lustspell," orchestra (directed by
Otto Fleissner); "Tale of the Bumble Bee,"
Mi9s Helen V. Darllns; "Twenty Minutes in
Picturesque California," James W. Erwin;
solo, selected. Mips Hazel Aubry; Bert Allan
and Miss Frances Van Reynegom In "A Happy
Pair"; valse, "Espagnole," orchestra; vocal
selection. Miss May Anry»; C. C. Alvlno, banjo
ist; recitation, selected, Dora Walsworth Pat
ten: Miss /Lillian Quinn and Frank B. Scully
In "A Pair of Lunatics"; moving pictures,
courtesy of George Kanzee; march, orchestra.
The orchestra was under the direction
of Otto Fleissner and was composed as
follows:
Violins — Mrs. J. R. Gwynn, Chas. E. Robson,
W. W. Fulmer, Theodore S. Blake, W. Kreutz
berger: flutes^ — Mise May Ludlow, Dr. H. H.
Fleissner; cornets — Dr. M. >«. . Callender, C
C. Davis; cello — H. B. Tobey,' J. R. Gwynn ;
clarinet — G. E. Crump; trombone — George
Ames; viola — M. Goldsmith; bass— L. E. Fos
ter; horn — George Kanzee; drums— G. S. Pom
eroy; pianist — Miss Alice Helms.
The committee of arrangements con
sisted of C. A. Goe, E. G. Eisen, F. C.
Bangs, E. J. Le Breton, George Kanzee
and J. J. Lcrmun.
James W. Erwin was tendered a testi
monial entertainment at the Alhambra
Theater last night by the California Cam
era Club, of which he has been president
and an honored member for years. The
reception accorded Mr. Erwin was such
as is seldom witnessed In this or any city.
When he came out upon the stage to tell
in twenty minutes of picturesque, Cali
fornia with the assistance of re
markable pictures of the State's
incomparable scenery, the friends
that packed the theater from gallery to
floor burst into a volley of applause
which it seemed would never end. Again
and again Mr. Erwin, who was deeply
touched with the expression of regard,
bowed his acknowledgement and again
and again the fervor of the applause and
cheers Increased.
California Camera Club Tenders Its
Associate a Rousing Testimonial
Entertainment.
JAMES W. ERWIN HONORED
BY FRIENDS OF YEARS
R. H. E.
Portland 3 0000000010 0 — I 6 . 3
Oakland 0 0010002010 3 — 7 13 3
Batteries — Butler, Loucks and Shea; Graham
and Gorton. Umpire — Levy.
SEATTLE. Wash.. Oct. 6.— Seattle took the
first game from Sacramento by better bunch-
Ing of hits. St. Vraln was effective with men
on bases. The grounds were sloppy, making
fast fielding Impossible. Score:
R. H. E.
Seattle 0 1400101 0—7 13 7
Sacramento 0 10 10 0 3 0 0—5 14 5
Batteries— St. Vraln and Byers; Knell,
Graham and Hogan. Umpire — O'Connell.
PORTLAND, Or., Oct. 6. — Oakland and
Portland fought for twelve innings to-day be
fore either gained the advantage. Graham and
Butler pitched masterly ball. Butler broke a
finger In stopping a hot drive during the ninth.
Loucks. who took his place, was no match for
Oakland's heavy stickers. Score:
Oakland Defeats Portland in a Long
Drawn Out Contest.
TWELVE-INNING GAME.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Oct. 6.-The racing at Worth
to-day was of the "oTSinary kind. Cheap
horses made up the field and the only
redeeming feature was the victory of
three favorites and two well played sec
ond choices.
The purse affair at five furlongs was
easy for Delagoa, the odds-on favorite.
When the barrier was lifted in the third
race Lady Jocelyn, heavily played at 13
to 10, was knocked to her knees and her
chances of winning was ruined right
there. Jockey Phillips rated her along
nicely to the stretch and from there on
came like a wild horse, but third was the
best she could do.
The weather was cloudy and threaten
ing, the track slow and holding and the
crowd only fair. Summary:
FIRST RACE — Five furlongs; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. Vi. Fin.
7 to 5 — Alma Dufour 112 (Reiff). 6 1 1 1H
5 to 1 — Cyprienne, 112 (Bonner).. 7 3 2 h
14 to 5— My Gem. 112 (Haack) 4 7 3 %
Time. _l:03 4-5. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner, E> Corrigan's b. f. by Artlllery-Swan
hilde. Fly Lady 103 Wistaria 112, Edna Shan
non 112 Mary Dunn 103, Mary Hill 112. La
Chaperone 103. Vailarambla 103, St. Merry
legs 112. also ran.
SECOXD RACE— Mile and seventy yards;
selling: .
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Tin.
11 to 1— Do Madge 107 (Wondcrly) 2 3 11
9 to 2— Barrack. 110 (Adklns) 5 6 2 Vi
4 to 1— Fleuron. Ill (Haack) 6 2 3 1
Time, 1:51 4-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner John Mannlon's blk m. by Major
Domo-Madge W. Dutch Carter 102. Nellie
Bawn 107 Bluemint 107, also ran.
THIRD RACE — One mile; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to 1— By Ways. 92 (Wilson)... 2 3 1 1%
11 to 5 — Stuyve 104 (Haack) ... 3 2 2 h
13 to 10— Lady Jocelyn. 02 (Philps) 4 5 3 6
Time, 1:45 2-5. Start poor. • Won easily.
Winner S C. Hlldreth's b. f. by Kingston-
Belle of Maywood. C. B. Campbell 99, Sidney
C. Love ICO, also ran.
FOURTH RACE — Five furlongs; purse.
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. %. Fin.
Even — Delagoa. 112 (Wilson) 1 5 1 nk
7 to 2 — Bumle Buton.105 (Ferrell) 2 12 5
15 to 1 — Big Ben. 97 (Haack) 7 4 3 h
Time 1:02. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner S. C. Hlldreth's b. f. by Kingston-Rhode
sia. Henry McDanler 103, Bensonhurst 97,
Stemwinder 103. Bardolph 103, Begone 100,
Kervator 100, Hattle Walker, also ran.
FIFTH RACE — One and a sixteenth miles;
selling.
Iieltlng. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
11 to 5 — Lampoon, 100 (Wilson).. 0 2 1%
13 to 10 — Lord Melbourne, 105 (H.
Phillips) 7 1 2 1
8 to 1— Mr. Dingle, 100 (Adkins).l 3 3 8
Time, 1:5*. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner, S S. Brown's ch. f. by Lamplighter- Mona.
Prodigal Son 105, Cursus 105. Lady Matchless
100 Examiner 112, Sprlngstead 100, also ran.
SIXTH RACE: — Six furlongs; selling.
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
11 to 5 — Dungannon,!)«i (H.Phillips) 4 2 11
10 to 1 — Dorice, 94 (McLaughlin).. 2 12 4
8 to 1— Myron Dale. 92 (Wilson).. 14 3 4
Tim* 1:10 4-5. Start good. Won handily.
Winner, J. C. Teaser's b. I. by Dungarven-
Dlstress. Miss Mollie 96, Go Between 100.
Arnold K 102, Tribune 9+, Brookwood Belle 90,
Ananias 110. also ran.
WORTH ENTRIES..-^
CHICAGO, Oct. C— Entries:
First race six furlongs— Aggie Lewis 10i.
Elwood 105 ¦William Parrlsh 102. Madeo 102.
Coroner Kelly 100 Clangor 100. King Ellsworth
100 Black Wolf 100, Wigwam 100, Alamode
\f "Establish 07, Cyprienne 97.
Second race, one mile — Olympian 108 Tufta
105. The Major 101. Wltrul VS. Alfredo W,
Edward Hale Si, Ryevale S3.
Third race, one and an eighth miles, handi
cap—Nitrate 110. Fairbury 105, Thane 93.
Potheen OS. Major Tenny 97, Proceeds 92.
(Tenny. Potheen and Thane, Hlldreth s en
tr Fourth rac'e. five furlongs-Alllata 110 St.
Paula 107 Standard 107. Cognomen 10.. Susie
ChrisuaVl07, Janet .Fonso 107. Quartec J.>,
My Gem 95, Taplola 05. ¦ ••*¦
Fifth race, mile and 100 yards. selling-
Charlie Thompson 103. Miss Liza 102 Frank
M 102 Eda Riley 102. Compass 10-\ ™ or^
ington 102 Sweet Tooth 101, Examiner 101,
Svllle 100, Carat 100. Mle S 98 Mary
Lavana 03. Bard of Avon !»7, Trocadero Do,
Mr Dinsle 9ti Lord Melbourne 1W.
W? Lola L 07 Jet 07. Belle Mahone 97. Al-
Demarfe 97. Paul Whaley 97. Dodona 92.
WORTH SELECTIONS. ,
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race — Elwood, Aggie Lewis,
Cyprienne.
Second race — Edward Hale, Wit
ful, Olympian.
Third race — Proceeds, Major
Tenny , Fairbury.
Fourth race — Cognomen, My Gem,
Allista.
Fifth race — Carat, Bard of Avon,
Frank M.
Sixth race — Albermarle, Quiz II,
Redan.
Federal Court Notes.
In the United States District Court yes
terday John Gill sued R. Peterson, mas
ter of the American schooner William F.
Garms, to recover $S1 alleged balance due
as wages. ' *"" $ -
Judge de Haven rendered judgment of
$50 damages in favor of J. W. Pearston
and against M. C. Harrison, owner of the
schooner Garm, for marooning Pearston
at Manila.
I. A. Coonradt and L. I. Coonradt of the
firm of Coonradt & Son filed a petition in
the District Court yesterday through
their trustee in bankruptcy,, H. F. Pat
terson, asking that the Oakland Gas,
Light and Heat Company be cited to ap
pear and show cause why the company
should not be punished for. contempt of
court. The petition charges that the com
pany demolished a barn belonging to the
bankrupts in Oakland and prevented the
sale of the property. Judge de Haven de
nied the petition.
William Kent of Illinois brought suit
yesterday in the United States Circuit
Court against Archie H. Upton, Samuel S.
McCurdy and others to quiet title to the
Bolinas sandpit In Bolinas Bay. It is al
leged that the property Is worth more
than $10,000. *
An Un-American Principle.
"I note," said the Cheerful Idiot, "that
Mayor McLane wants to have the Legis
lature authorize a long-time loan for Bal
timore's public improvements, so that fu
ture generations may be taxed for the
privileges they enjoy."
"Yes," said the prosaic Individual.
"But to tax a future generation by an
act of the present time would be the
plainest sort of. case of. 'taxation without
representation,' and would also cut out
the- 'consent ol the governed.' "—Balti
more American.
John Whittier, a Lowell weaver, walks
twenty-four miles each day between the
factory and his home^ln Littleton. Be
tween the daily journeys on foot Whittier
spends, ten hours before a loom in a
Lowell suspender factory. He Is a small
man, about 40 years old.
Stolen base— Shay. Errors— Shay, Meany.
Toman. Three-base hit— Krug. Two-base hit
Eagar, Meany. Sacrifice hit — Leahy. First
base on called balls — Off Lindsey 7. oft Hall 3.
Left on bases — San Francisco 3, Los Angeles
9. Struck out— By Llndsey 3. by Hall 2. Dou
ble plays— Shay to Pabst; Krug to Leahy. \\ lid
pitch— Hall. Time of game — One hour and 35
minutes. Umpire — McDonald.
•Batted for Hall m ninth.
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
San Francisco 3 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 — 3
Bas» hit? 3 O O 0 U O 0 1 O— 4
Los /Angeles 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0—0
Base hits 0 0 10 0 2 10 0-4
, SUMMARY.
The home team shifted about some.
Shay played .second base and Delmafi
galloped around short territory. Both
men played good ball and in fact the
whole team worked well. The score:
San Francisco — Los Angeles —
V AB. R. H. P.A. AB. R. H. P.A.
Shay.2b.. 2 10 1 5 Hoy.cf. .. 3 0 2 0 0
Meany.rf 4 12 4 OSpies.lb. . 4 0 0 10 0
Leahy.o. S 0 0 4 l!Smith.3b 2 0 115
Krug.cf.. 4 113 l;Dillon.2t>. 4 0 0 0 1
Pabst.lb 4 0 012 » Crvth.rf. 4 0 0 3 0
Lyneh.lf 4 0 11 0!Ross,lf.. 4 0 0 3 0
Delmas.s 3 0 0 0 lToman.s. 2 0 0 2 3
Rymd.3b. 3 0 0 2 SE»R»r,c. 3 0 12 2
Llndsey, p 2 0 0 0 2Hall,p... 2 0 0 0 2
i'Newton. 10 0 0 0
Totals 293427 13
I Totals 29 0 4 27 13
He raised it far out to the left field
fence and It kept breaking away from
Ross all the time. While the little fielder
was hot footing after the leather. Meany
and Shay reached home. Then Pabst
chopped a nasty one to Toman. While
the runner was being fielded out at first
base, Krug registered.
Shay opened the game by working Hall
for a pass. Meany chopped one down
that was too hot for Hall to handle.
Leahy advanced them both with a bunt.
Then Germany Krug cam© through with
the first timely hit ho has made for six
months.
It takes a southpaw to stop that Angel
band of ball tossers. They have been hit
ting right-handed pitchers to a fare-ye
well during the past week, but yesterday,
when they faced Pewee Llndsey on the
Oakland grounds, they did not have a
chance. He commenced to buffalo them
in the first Inning and they never re
covered from the shock. Score, 3 to 0.
Hall got In wrong during the first In
ning and the home tossers fell on his
offerings at once. They made all their
runs at this time and, In fact, all the
playing was done in the initial Inning.
After that the game was slow and no one
seemed to care how It ended.
MORRIS PARK SELECTIONS.
By the New York Telegraph.
First race— Cinquevalli, Adios,
Auriesville.
Second race — I>rake entry, Faul
conbridge, Monograph.
Third race — Pulsus, Stalwart, The
Minute Man.
Fourth, race — Longspur, Hello,
Valour.
Fifth race — Wild Thyme, Wilson
entry, Daisy Green.
Sixth race — Flara, Enue,- Kinni
kinnic. „
NEW YORK. Oct. 6.— Entries:
First race, six and a half furlongs of 'With
ers mile, highwelght handicap — Wealth 1.12,
Rockwater 130. Ingold 123. Icewater 122. Ju
dith Campbell i20. Monograph J17, Sir Vrorhies
115. Invincible 114 John E 110. Cinquevalli
108. Aurlenville 107. Illyria 105, Adois 100. Ed
Tifrney 100. Knight of Harlem «8, Sals 9S,
Monet 105. (Wealth and Invincible, Albemarlg
entry; Rockwater and Aurieeville, Sanford en
try.)
Second race. Withers mile,"" three-year-olds
and upward — Early Eve 97, Mabel Richardson
102 Faulconbrldge 95 Cottage Maid 87, Mono
graph 100 Runnels 110, High Chancellor 05,
Sweet Alice 07. (Runnels and Chancellor,
Drake entry.)
Third race seven furlongs of Withers mile,
Champaign— Ort Wells 112, Wotan 112. Pulsus
122, The Minute Man 122. The Southerner 112,
Stalwart 112. (Pulsus and The Minute Man,
Madden entry.)
Fourth race, seven furlongs of "V\ Ithers mile,
selling two-year-olds — Hello 105. Valour 109,
The Bowery 100 Short Cake 07. Edna Edwards
87. Long Spur 90, Runle 87, Charlie Fisher 92.
Fifth race Withers mile, New Rochelle han
dicap—Wild Thyme 103. Highlander 114. Enuo
103, Carbuncle 111 Daisy Green 103. (High
lander and Carbuncle, Wilson entry.)
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles, over
the hill selling— Me Williams 101. Outsider 109,
Kinnlki'nntc 101; Beverly 101, Flara 101, Eune
03, Stonewall 108.
MORBJS PABK ENTRIES.
SIXTH RACE — Handicap, mile and a quar
ter, over the hill.
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
Even — Caughnawaga 123 (Odom).. 2 2 1 %
5 to 2— Surmise 101 (Gannon) 1 1 2 h
3 to 1— Brigand 97 (Redfern) 3 3 3 3
Time, 2:08 3-5. Start good. Won driving.
Wlnfer, J. Sanford's ch. c. by Clifford-La
Toaca.
Time, 1:41 1-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, Manhattan Stable's b. g. by Charade-
L. Bell. Blue Victor 101, Rocky 104, also
ran.
FIFTH RACE— Selling, Withers mile.
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to C — Conundrum 110 (Fuller) ... 4 4 1 h
3 to 1— Our Nugget 105 (Burns) 1 1 2 14
C to 1— Cincinnatus 102 (McGovern) 3 3 3 h
FOURTH RACE — The Rancho del Paso, for
two-year-olds. Eclipse course.
Betting. Horse. Weight. "Jockey. St. % Fin.
0 to —Grenade lOti (O'Neill) 1 1 1
5 lo 1— Wotan 109 (Hicks) 6 3 2 h
40 to 1 — Adriutha 97 (H. Callahan) 5 2 3 3
Time, 1:00 4-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. S. Pagefs b. g. by St. Gatien-Turmoll.
Hippocrates 100, Memories 11", Crown Prince
1<.1», also ran.
THIRD RACE— Maiden colts and geldinga;
two-year-olds; Bclipsa cour«». .
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
8 to 5 — Greencrest, 100 (Burns)... 111%
7 to 2— OrthAlox. 114 (Odom) 5 3 2 11i
9 to 2— BIytheness. 100 (O'Neill).. 3 2 3 14
Time, 1:10. Start bad. Won handily. Win
ner F. B Hitchcock's b. g. by Goldcrest-
Eth'el Green. Riverdale 112, Sallet 10!>. Gay
Lothario 112. Fort Plain 112. Mohican 112,
Bartender 112. Ascetic 112. also ran.
Time. 6:11. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, J. Gerard's b. g. by Zouave- Viceroy.
Somerset 157, Champion 153, Red Hawk 151,
Gortnagallon 150, Sir Bllerslie 157. also ran.
SECOND RACE — The Autumn Meadowbrook
Hunters' handicap; steeplechase course; four
year-olds and up; three milets:
Betting. Horse Weight Jockey. St. % Fin.
C to 1 — Almanzor. 1C2 (Henry)... 3 115
3 to 1— Manlllan, 16S (Saffell) . . 2 2 2 15
30 to 1— Morellton Chief 145 (Mr. »
Mordecai) *. 5 4 3 20
Time. 1:20 2-5. Stan fair. Won easily.
Winner. H. J. Morris' b. g. by Pagan-Shing
Ching. Sentinel 107. Phaon 110. Effle Shep
pard 110. The Captain 107, Queen Elizabeth
107, Dr. Blssell 107 Royal Pirate 110, Heir
Apparent 107, Caxton 107, Captain R 115,
Squid 107. Fleetful 109, also ran.
The best event on to-day's ordinary
card at Morris Park was the Rancho del
Paso stakes, worth $2300 to the winner.
Sydney Paget's bay gelding. Grenade,
had the race in hand nearly all the way,
readily went to the front when let down
and had ,plenty to spare at the end.
Adriutha \ showed early speed and held
on well, under a drive. Her race was
an improvement over her previous ef
forts. Wotan ran a nne race and out
gamed Adriutha in the final drive. He
was slow to begin but made up a lot of
ground. Hippocrates ran a poor race.
Summary:
FIRST RACE— For maidens; six and a half
rurlonss on Withers mile:
Betting. Horse. Weight Jockey. St. % Fin.
6 to S— Prince Chlng,107 (Cochrn) 2 6 1 «
15 to 1— Love Note. 107 (Sailing). 4 S 2 h
8 to 1— Peeper. 107 (Fuller) 1 5 3h
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, OcP f 6.-J. B. Haggln's
¦\Vaterboy, considered by many to be the
greatest race horse in training, probably
will never race again. Trainer Joyner
had been putting him under special prep
arations for the $10,000 Brighton Cup
race, which would have wound up his
campaign for this season, but two days
ago Waterboy developed lameness and
everything was declared off. Joyner
said to-day that It would be impossible to
train Waterboy any more this year and
that while an attempt would be made to
fit him for the races next season it was
doubtful whether he would ever be able
to go to the post again.
Although the stewards gave out no
special verdict, it was stated to-night
from an authoritative source that there
would b© no further developments in The
Fiddler case, and that T. T. Cromwell
would be allowed to enter his gelding In
future events at the Metropolitan tracks.
There was a rumor afloat early in the day
that gome new evidence In the case was
on the way from St. Louis, but it did not
materialize. The stewards have con
ducted a searching investigation and feel
confident, it Is said, that there was noth
ing wrong with The Fiddler's race on
Saturday.
Morris Park Stewards Dr3p
Inquiry Into The Fid
dler's Victory. ¦/
Homo Players Become Fa
miliar With Hall in the
First Inning.
Most" of Worth's Fields Are
Made Up of Cheap
Platers.
Star California Colt's
Racing Days Prob
ably Ended.
Runs Third 1 After Bad
Interference at
the Start.
"Pewee" Lindsay Lets
Them Down With
Pour Hits.
ANGEL TOSSERS
SCORE NO RUNS
WATEBBOY LAME
MAY BE RETIRED
LADY JOCELYN'S
SPLENDID RACE
SPORTS OF THE TURF, THE BASEBALL DIAMOND AND THE PRIZE RING
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 7. 1903.
LEXINGTON, Ky., Oct. 6.— On account
of rain the Grand Circuit trotting races
were postDoned until to-morrow. A meet-
Ing has been called for Thursday next,
at which Senator Bailey of Texas will
preside, to form new trotting rules.
Bain Postpones Trotting Races.
Metzinger to Serve a Year.
Andrew Metzingrer was held to answer
last Saturday by Police Judge Mogan
on charges of burglary and grand lar
ceny, but as it was shown to the Judge
yesterday that Metzinger had previously
borne a good character and that his wife
was a very sick woman, he reduced the
charges to petty larceny and sentenced
Mrtzinger to serve six months in the
county jail on each charge. He was ac
cused of stealing a trunk from Mrs. Nora
McNamlra and a bicycle from Alfred W.
Tuttle.
One-sixth of the land owners In Great
Britain are ¦women.
Quick and decisive work marked the
trials in the tug of war tournament at
Central Park last night. Enthusiasm was
none the less intense, however, for each
team had its host of admirers that
Bhouted words of encouragement to its
favorite until the pistol shot that^ ended
the trial was sounded.
The teamsters, after a hard pull that
lasted five and a half minutes, forced the
cement workers to succumb to their
greater strength. The horseshoers gave
In to the laborers after a two-minute
and twenty-second struggle.
It took the carmen a few seconds more
than eight minutes to drag the plumbers
over the winning line, after a trial that
teemed with excitement.
The final contest of the evening was
between the plasterers and the longshore
lumberman. The men from the docks
dallied with their lighter opponents for
two minutes and then, with a steady pull,
got them over the tape in rush fashion.
The card for to-night will be: Laborers
vs. bricklayers, carpenters vs. bridgemen.
cement-workers vs. carmen, plasterers vs.
horseshoers, teamsters vs. plumbers. [
Winning Teams Get Down to Hard
Work and Gain Decisive
Victories.
TUG OF "WAR CONTESTS
FURNISH LIVELY SPORT
General knowledge of duties. 6; writing
of reports, 1; arithmetic, 1; seniority In
service, 1; meritorious public service, 1;
total weights. 10.
Applicants will be compelled to pass a
physical examination to be conducted by
the Board of Medical Examiners.
The commission has set Thursday, No
vember 12, as the day for the competitive
examination for promotion In the Police
Department from the rank of lieutenant
to captain. The scope and ¦weights of the
<-xamInation will be:
Fredertck J. Bowlen. 88 per cent; Robert E.
Dujran. a". 6; G*orge F. Erring, »"; James R.
Murj'hy. MlS: John F. Buker. 9<5; Daniel J.
CotTins. 85; Dennis CConnell, S3; John Kelly,
VM.2; John J. May. 34; Jamn H. Colling. 94;
Thomas A. Campbell, 94; Charles E. Dough
erty. U4; George Stolzentvald. M3; Frederick P.
Franchl. 02.5; Adolph Stiffens, 92.5; Christo
pher F. Maher. 02.5; Michael J. Ha^grerty, 92;
Louis F. Ballettn, 91.5; Martin Judge. 91; John
K. Smith. 00.8; George A. Hernilng. 90.3; James
O'Neill. 83.3; Francis Wells, 87.8; Charles A.
Powers* b.'i.j.
The CiviJ Service Commission yester
day Issued the following list of eliglbies
for truckmen in the Fire Department as
a result of the recent competitive exami-
8
Love, Honor and ? Obey.
A FEW days ajro a famous and stunning beauty abruptly termina-
ted her own weddincr ceremony by refusing to reoeat the word
"Obey" after the officiating clergyman. In consequence she
is still unmarried and her action has set the East by the ears. In
the discussion pro and con (and it is truly remarkable what stand
the women have taken) Father John Talbot Smith of the Catholic
church was appealed to. He has given his dictum in no uncertain words.
"To tell the truth." he said. "I do not think it is a practical ques-
tion at all.* this one of eliminatine the word obey. It is in the nature of
things that the man should command and woman should obev. no mat-
ter how many statutory provisions you make, simply because a man likes
to command and a woman likes to obey.
"What is the use of statutes against a natural proclivity or condition?
You can see the wisdom of the church in omitting this word from its
ritual.
"A woman who refuses to obey might please her fancy by the mere
declination to follow a custom, yet she might be the quickest to obey
her husband.
"That is where nature is stronger than ideas. Ideas may become
fads, existing f.r a short while, but nature goes right on.
"I notice that men are glad to get the women they want to marry
and the women are equally glad to marry, obey cr not, regardless of all
fads and fancies."
There are so many who differ with the reverend father that what
they have to say forms one of the most interesting pages in the next
Sunday CalL * ..¦;
It is almost that very same quality of "circumstance that forms the
theme of Robert Barr's great romantic story, "The King Investigates,"
and by perhaps a strange coincidence the problem is -solved in a novel
way in the fourth and last installment of E. W. Townsend's latest and
best novel, "Lees and Leaven." which will appear next Sunday. The
famous creator of "Chimmie Fadden" has made a big seraition since ap-
pearing as a writer in the Sunday Call. T
Then there is a page of "Half-Hour Storiettes," which treats the
problem from quite a different point of view. There you have four of
the cleverest and most touching romances ever written. "The Voice and
the Violin" especially and "The Grammar of Love"_ as well, wbich is a
story that you will never forget. jr
Then there is one of Frank H. Spearman's wonderful . two-page
railroad stories, "De Molav Four," which, if you read it (and of course
you will), will constantly recur to your mind with a stranjre thrill every
time you see the moon. \Vhy? Because Frank H. Spearman wrote it,
and the moon wouldn't be in it if it were not dramatic.
And now harken to a few other special features, which can only be
mentioned in brief because there are so many good things in the next
Sunday Call.
First, the "Me-ows of a Kitty" (are you watching those cats?);
the fourth talk to parents on the "Punishment «.f Children." which will
explain to you some of the reasons why you were. whipped when you
did not deserve it. when vou were young, and why you were not thrashed
when you did deserve it: "The Effect of Imperialism on National Charac- V
ter," by Dr.- Richard Garnett. C. B.; "The Etiquette of the Automobile,"
by Madge Moore: "Recollections and Reflections," by Thomas Fitch,
which will tell you thinzs about the Bonanza Kings of the West that you
didn't know before, and." oh. ever so many things besides.
Just watch for the pictures. -:•• ' j'^7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
(
norveec^ S^ Ci§arSTuesday. October 8.
Stmr Mandalay, Payne. 74 hours from San
Diefro. via San Pedro 67 hours.
Btmr South Portland. McTntyre. 06 hours
from Portland, via Astoria 72 hours.
SAILED.
Tuesday. October 6.
Btmr Coquille River, Dart. Creacent City.
DOMESTIC PORT.
ETOKKA— Sailed Oct 6— Stmr W H Kru
ger. for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
i NAPLES — Arrived Oct 6 — Stmr Cambromaa,
from Boston, for Genoa.
LIVERPOOL. — Sailed Oct 6 — Stmr Lake
Chatnplain. for Montreal; itmr Sazonla, for
Boston, via Queenstoxm.
The average price of cotton In New
York was. In 1S3S, 6 cents a pound: In 1901,
8.96 cents, and In 1902. 8.75 cents. The
speculative price this year has ranged
near 13 cents.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
OAKLAND, Oct. 6.— No blame was at
tached to Motorman Van Kagy by the
Coroner's Jury in the case of Katoza. the
Japanese who was killed by an electric
car. The charge of manslaughter against
the motorman has been dismissed.
Motonnan Exonerated.
OAKLAND. Oct. 6.— A meeting was held
to-night in the Board of Trade rooms to
consider the proposition of planting orna
mental shade trees on the more impor
tant streets and avenues of the city.
The meeting was called to order by E.
R. B«ll and after a short discussion of
the matter Mayor Olney was elected per
manent chairman and Craigle Sharpe sec
retary. After listening to the views of
those present as to the practicability of
planting shade trees along the streets of
the city and the best varieties of trees
for the purpose it was voted that the
chairman appoint a committee of five to
visit the property owners on Telegraph
avenue and endeavor to interest them in
the proposed improvements.
A. D. Pryal offered to furnish trees at
a reasonable figure and the meeting ad
journed to meet at 8:30 p. m. Tuesday,
October 13. Mayor Olney will appoint the
committee before the next meeting.
Oakland Board of Trade Purposes
Taking Action to Beautify
Streets.
PLANNING FOB, AVENUES
ORNAMENTED BY TREES
That the free exhibit of the Newspaper
Artists' League is destined to prove a
grand success was plainly suggested by
the large attendance at the formal open
ing of the exhibit in the Maple room of
the Palace Hotel last evening. It was
patrons' night and brought to the ex
hibit hall a notable gathering of fash
ionable people, who carefully inspected
the products of the local artists" pencils
and brushes and bestowed much praise
upon the elaborate display, which is un
doubtedly the finest ever made In this
city. The sketches and paintings, stretch
ed upon the screens which extend around
the hall, represent the work of over fifty
well known local artists, who have united
in making the display as attractive as
possible in the matter of arrangement
It 13 purposed to continue the exhibit
until Saturday night, during which time
the public will be welcomed afternoon
and evening. The members of the league
are In attendance to afford their guests
every reasonable attention and they fur
nish the latter with an interesting as well
as elaborate catalogue. In which they
may find valuable reference to each ex
hibit. The sales last evening amounted
to over $5000, which was accepted by tho
league members as an encouraging assur
ances of the success of the affair.
Opening Night Witnesses a Large
and Fashionable Gathering at
the Palace Hotel.
EXHIBIT OP ARTISTS'
LEAGTJE BIO SUCCESS
According to Hackett's narrative of the
affair, the fracturing of the girl's fingers
was accidental. He said that she was a
member of his household, living with his
family at 1728 Paru street, and that when
he entered her room last Thursday morn
ing and awakened ner she refused to arise
when ordered to do so. claiming that she
was sleepy. Hackett thereupon proceeded
to chastise the drowsy young woman and
wielded a hair brush in the performance.
He asaerts that the girl threw up her
hand to protect herself and that it came
in contact with the back of the brush,
two fingers being broken. Miss Russell
is now with friends in Oakland.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 6.— Her failure to get
\i\> early in the morning when she was
called resulted in Lavina Russell, 14 years
of age, being whipped by her guardian.
C. C. Hackett, with a hair brush, during
which interesting operation two of her
fingers . were broken. To-day Hackett,
who Is colored, as is also his ward, was
arrested on complaint of the girl and
charged with mayhem. The warrant was
obtained in Justice of the Peace James
Quinn's court in Oakland and served by
Constable H. T. Hempstead. After being
apprehended the defendant was taken be
fore Justice of the Peace F. S. Cone and
released on $2000 bonds furnished by E. D.
Judd and J. R. Hackett.
Young Ward Causes the Ar
rest •,• of 0. 0. Hackett
for Mayhem.
Her Guardian Says She
Would Not Get Up
.When Called.
BREAKS SLEEPY
GIRL'S FINGERS
Nineteen million immigrants reached the
United States in the eighty years ending
LAKE CITY. Colo., Oct. 6.— While thawing
powder at ¦ the Silver - Star mine in Schafer
Basin. John Evans and John Gonl were killed
by an explosion.
MATTOON, 111., Oct. 6. — The Jury before
which Mayor Menke was tried for malfeasance
to-day returned a verdict of guilty on three
counts. -'.*¦ ;' : /: : --;
OAKLAND, Oct. 6.— Walter D. Grant
ham, the driver who was seriously in
jured by a runaway- In Alameda yester
day afternoon, was removed from the
Receiving Hospital this afternoon and
was taken to Fabiola Hospital, where it
may be necessary to perform an opera
tion upon his spine in an effort to save
his life. His condition had not changed
since yesterday, and from' his shoulders
down he waa paralyzed.
His Condition Serious.
CHICAGO; Oct. 6.— General Robert N. Pear
son, assistant city paymaster, dropned dead
of heart disease in his office in the City Hall
to-day, aged 03 years. "
OAKLAND. Oct. 6.— The funeral of the
late Juhn Russ was held from the family
residence, 543 Albion street, this after
noon, the services being conducted by the
Rev. Benjamin Fay Mills. Before j his
death Mr. Russ selected - the following
pallbearers: Dr., W. J. Wilcox, J. W.
McClymonds, Giles Gray, J. H. Pond, J.
P. Garlick. C. H. Redlngton, A. K. Har
mon and P. M. Fisher. These served at
the funeral.
The music was furnished by the Mason
ic Quartet. , V...
John Buss Laid at Best
BERKELEY. Oct. tt— The programme for th«
Boating Association entertainment to-mor
row i evening In Idbra Park j will con
sist of a number, of "turns" by
members of the student body. The parts will
belong to the students until the last lights
are out. The band will make a tour * of Oak
land and Berkeley on a car early in the even
ing to drum up trade for the booth*. Tho
booths and sideshows will be in charge of stu
dent "spielers." , .
The sophomore class will f*7 for the damage
done to property during the recent sophomore
freshmen rush, amounting to $49 02. Tbe
money will be raised by levying an assessment
of 25 cents per capita.
The English Club is about to issue a book of
college verse. It will nelect the poems from
college publications for the last ten years and
Incorporate them Into the book. W. t#. Finley,
•03 has been elected to fill the vacancy In th«
president's chair caused by the resignation of
Leslie M. Turner. j
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
OAKLAND, Oct. 6.— The engagement of
Miss Elsie Beatrice Bennet and William
Lynham Shlels was announced to-day.
Miss Bennet Is the daughter of Mrs.
Charles A. Bennet of 829 Oak street and a
niece of Mrs. E. L. G. Steele, who is bet
ter known, perhaps, as tho mother of Mrs.
Thomas H. Williams, wife of the. presi
dent of the new California Jockey Club.
Miss Bennet is not only unusually pretty,
but clever as well in a literary, way. Mr.
Shlels in a son of the late William Shiels,
a San Francisco capitalist, and is a man
of culture, as well as of considerable
means. The wedding will take place in
November, after which the couple will
reside in Oakland in the residence on
Jackson street now being prepared by
Mr. Bhiels for his bride.
Miss Bennet's Engagement.
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND, Oct. 6.— The following mar
riage licences were issued by the County
Clerk to-day: George M. Cain, 30, To
peka, Kan., and Donna Clinkenbeard, 23,
Oakland; Anderson E. Wright, 35, San
Francisco, and Mamie E. Veary, 25, Oak
land; Sam Behrendt, 24, Los Angeles, and
Sadie J. Mosbacher. 19, Oakland; Orvil J.
Bennett. S3, and Minnie B. Seaver, 30, both
of Oakland; Mario B. da Camara, over
21, and Mrs. Katherine J. Snyder, over
18, both of Oakland; Rev. M. B. Laning,
over 21, Berkeley, and Mrs. L. E. Benja
min, over 18, San Francisco; Joseph M.
Sanders, over 21, and Nellie Mulholand.
over 18, both of Oakland.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1113 Broadway, Oct. 6.
The trial of the suit for (10,000 against
the estate of the late Walter Morosco,
otherwise known as Bishop, circus tum
bler, impresario and capitalist, waa .begun
before Judge Melvin to-day. This amount
is asked by Willard Perry Crackles, a
youth to whom Morosco took a fancy and,
so Crackles claims, promised him if he
would live with him as a companion he
would provide for him and when he had
finished his education set him up in busi
ness. Morosco died a few months after
Crackles had gone to live with him with
out making any provision for Crackles,
who has now begun suit for a sufficient
sum to carry out the programme.
Crackles was 18 years of age when he
went to live with his benefactor. He was
in court to-day, but the trial of the case
had only proceeded a short time when a
legal point was raised by the attorney
tor Lewis H. Bishop, executor of the es
tate, and a hallbrother of the deceased,
who attacked the sutficiency of the
grounds upon which the complaint is
founded. The argument lasted until the
noon recess, when Judge Melvin continued
the matter over until to-morrow morning
In order to have time to look up the au
thorities in the matter.
Dr. H. Sldebotham of Santa Barbara
is at tbe California.
L. I* Green, cashier of the Bank of Oro
vilLe. is in. the city and staying at the
Palace.
Clark Wl6o of the well known music
house bearing his name, has returned to
this city after an extended tour through
Europe.
United States Senator W. B. Heyburn
of Idaho, who was recently married in
the East, arrived at the Palace yesterday
with his bride.
H. H. Yard, projector of the railroad
along the Feather River, has returned
from a visit to Orovllle and is registered
at the Palace.
Dr. A. Strube and Dr. Leopold G.
Strube, -scientists of Bremen, are at the
Palace awaiting the departure of the
steamer for Australia.
George Stone, adjutant general of Cal
ifornia, returned to this city yesterday
from a visit to Chicago. He says there
is talk that the Republicans' will win in
Ohio by a majority of 100,000.
Irwln Belcher, secretary of the Seattle
Abstract Company, and his bride, who
are on their honeymoon, are at the Lick
House. *Mx. and Mrs. Belcher will leave
to-day for Los Angeles and intend also
to visit Banta Catalina.
President Stuyvesant Fish of the Illi
nois Central Railroad and party returned
from, a visit to the Yosemlte Valley yes
terday and registered at the Palace. They
will leave for Los Angeles to-morrow
over the coast line, which Mr. Fish is
anxious' to inspect.
J. F. Lawless, general manager of the
Pacific Coast Steamship Company, who
has just been appointed to a similar po
sition in the San Francisco Gas and Elec
tric Company, returned from the north
yesterday and Is at the Palace. He ex
pects to enter- upon his new duties In
about ten days.
Finds Brother Dead.
HAYWARDS, Oct. 6.— Elmer Marx, a
young, man residing in Palomares Canyon,
a short distance from Haywards, waa
found dead on the Dublin road at 10
o'clock last night by Ins brother, John.
Young Marx had left home during the af
ternoon and when he failed to return a
search was instituted. The body was
found about a mile from home. Marx
was subject to fits and it is supposed he
was stricken while driving home. The
body is in charge of Deputy Coronet Grin
dell and an inquest will be held at 5 p. m.
October 7.
• ' ¦ m ¦
The maximum draft for vessels passing
the Suez canal la now 26 feet 3 Inches.
Calif ornians in New York.
NEW YORK, Oct. 6.— The following
Callfornlans registered at the hotels to
day:
From San Francisco— C. L. Aikeman
and Mrs. E. D. Jarboe at the Holland; P.
R. Bradley at the Holland; H. Seltan at
the Broadway Central; Mrs. J. Jarboe,
the Misses Spreckels and Mrs. J. D.
Sprcckels at the Holland and A. O.
Weight at the Amsterdam.
From Los Angeles— Bishop Johnson and
J. W. Parker at the Manhattan and H. S.
Jones at the Arlington.
CARRIES WHISKY TO TTTR
FRIEND IN CITY PBISON
Charles B. Wayne Locked Up for Try
ing to Quench Thirst of James
Cook.
It has been ofttimes said that "a friend
in need is a friend Indeed," but James H.
Conk has no doubt learned that "a friend
in jail is of no avail." Whisky has caused
the downfall of many, but not in the
manner that Charles B. Wayne came to
prief.
It would b« well to state in advance
that Wayne and Cook are friends and also
rainters. Cook was hustled to the City
Prison yesterday afternoon % tv an un
ryrr.pathetic minion of the law and
charred with the heinous offense of being
<3runk in a public place, a crime several
<JtETees greater than common drunk.
"Wayne, upon hearing of the plight of his
friend and believing that several jolts of
the distillate of yellow corn would dis
pel the lont-snmeness of the dungeon, pur
chased a flask and repaired to the prison.
Cook was called and fraternally gTeeted
his friend. After rome preliminary re
marks Wayne confided the fact that In
one cf his capacious pockets reposed a
flask cf the ctuff that cheers. Ccok was
overjoyed and was not long In securing
poj^s^ion of the flask. But they had
reckoned without their host. Ever-vie-
Ilant Turnkey Pete Fanning and General-
Ifslmo Burr Love had witnessed the
transaction, and they swooped down upon
the pair. Cook was returned to his cell
Wayne booked on a charge of brineine
liquor into the City Prison and the in-
Tiocort cause of the affair confiscated,
and Cook spent the right in the
fcastil*. "two souls with but a single
thought, two hearts that beat as one "
Entertainment and Dance.
The members of Company B, First
Regiment, League of the Cross Cadets,
have completed arrangements for an en
tertainment and dance to be given at
Mission Opera Hall on Mission street, be
tween Seventeenth and Eighteenth, on
Saturday evening, October 24, for the
benefit of the football team of the com
pany, popularly known as "the Cardinal
B's." The proceeds of the affair afe to
be devoted to the purchase of uniforms
and necessary equipment. The members
of the team are practicing with a vim and
expect to carry off one of the prizes of
the annual tournament.
Leg Broken Whil© at Work.
Simon Murchison, while empfoyed yes
terday in making alterations in the curve
combination at the turn where the Hyde-
Btreet cara.turn from O'Farrell into Jones
street, met with a painful accident by
having his right leg broken by a leve,r
which was suddenly thrown out of place.
The Injured man was taken to the Emer
gency Hospital, where Dr. Bunnell set the
fractured leg. Later Murchison was re
moved to the McNutt Hospital at the or
der of the California Street Railroad
Company.
Caught Smuggling Opium.
OAKLAND. Oct. 6. — Lee Bang, a
Chinese who was detected in the act of
passing opium to a fellbw countryman
confined in the county Jail here, was held
for trial to-day by Justice of the Peace
Quinn. His 'ball* was fixed at $2000. The
opium had been cleverly concealed in
cigar wrappers, but wa» so h*avy that
the trick was detected. [ .
The anthropologists have long been
mystified by the great diversity of. Indian
languages in California, there being more
here than anywhere else in America.
The University of California and Eastern
institutions have been carrying on more
investigations of these languages during
the last five years than in all previous
time. These languages are rapidly dis
appearing and hardly a year goes by
without some special dialect or even lan
guage becoming extinct. In some cases
there are only five or six individuals re
maining to speak their tribal language.
It is to preserve these languages that
the university is training students to
carry on the research before the oppor
tunities pass awav.' .
The officers of the anthropological depart
ment make a special appeal to persons in all
parts or the State and adjacent regions for aid
In this survey. Hundreds of Indian objects
ar* found annually, which if carefully labeled
as to where and how found and sent to the
university, would, when brought together for
comparative Btudy. aid in the settlement of
many important questions. The distribution of
a particular kind of stone Implement or of an
ancient form of basket and of many other ob
jects of Indian manufacture (even the peculiar
stone of which an implement Is made is of
great importance), will aid in determining the
distribution of a tribe or group of which
other records may be lost or so uncertain that
Just confirmatory evidence to establish a par
ticular point Is required.
Information relating to the location of caves,
shellheape, old burial places, ancient village
sites and scattered fragments or survivors of
nearly extinct tribes is earnestly solicited, that
such may be investigated by the department
and may be correctly recorded on its ethno
logical and archaeological maps of the State.
¦ The university Is by this survey carrying on
a research of great importance in obtaining; a
knowledge of the first peopling of the Pacific
Coast and of the early migrations, and of the
relationships of the recent and present Indiana,
a research that Is required by anthropologists
and by all Interested in the early history of
man. This work has been well begun, byt as
sistance of many kinds is needed for its rapid
progress. This assistance, it is hoped, will be
given to aid the university of the State in an
undertaking of euch general Interest.
With the object of obtaining a complete
history of the aboriginal peoples and lan
guages of California the University of
California sent broadcast to-day a cir
cular that contains an appeal to all Cali
fornlans to aid in the survey of the State
for Indian relics, through which the an
thropologists may trace the history of the
prehistoric populace. The circular reads
as follows: , , i jjj£
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center St., Oct. 6.
Youth Demands $10,
000 From the Mo
rosco Estate.
Anthropologists Need
Them for Native
History.
PERSONAL MENTION.
INDIAN RELICS
GROW PRECIOUS
The old man was dumb about the case,
and he did not fulfill the prophecy of
Former Detective Fred Fuller that one
day he would confess. Congressman Vic
tor H. Metcalf was Jones' attorney at the
trial. The old man had a lingering hope
that in view of his condition the case
might be dismissed, bo many years having
elapsed. Borne time ago he asked that
the Congressman be requested to do some
thing in that direction. The aged pris
oner seemed to feel aq if he would like to
die out of prison. But there was no move
to be made.
Jones' body was turned over to under
takers to be prepared for burial. Tb.2 ex
pense will be borne by the county.
Jones had been falling for months. For
several weeks past his condition was no
ticeably worse. "Frank Hardle," the old
prisoner's attendant, heard him breathing
heavily this morning, but there was no
sign of approaching death. The old man
passed off as a child in gentle slumber.
Jones was arrested February 14, 1885,
for the murder of Dutil, which occuired
many weeks before that date. Dutil's
body, with the head crushed by a blow
from a brass beer keg faucet, was found
on the floor of his saloon at , Nineteenth
street and San Pablo avenue. The mur
derer had stolen Dutil's jewelry and
money from the saloon till, and a trail
of blood showed where he had escaped by
way of a back fence. ,
Weeks afterward George Jones, a lock
smith, was arrested at Seventh street and
Broadway for drunkenness. En route to
Jail Jones dropped pieces of jewelry, sub
sequently recovered and Identified as hav
ing belonged to Dutil. The police started
from that clew and weaved a chain of
circumstantial evidence around Jones that
caused his conviction.
He claimed that the Jewelry had been
sold to him by a young man, but the sus
picious action in his throwing away the
stolen property convinced the Jury, along
with much other evidence, that Jones waa
the murderer.
During the trial the jury was taken to
view Dutil's saloon. For some reason or
another Jones did not accompany the Jury
on its inspecting tour, and this oversight
was held to be sufficient to warrant the
granting of the new trial.
OAKLAND, Oct. 6.— George Jones, a
prisoner in the County Jail for
more than eighteen years, await
ing his second trial for the mur
der of Lorenzo Dutil, a San
Pablo-avenue saloon-keeper, died this
morning at 11:40 o'clock in the cell from
which he was never taken except to be
carried by attendants. Jones was under
the shadow of the gallows, but he escaped
the execution of the death penalty im
posed at the time of his conviction
through the action of Former Superior
Judge E. M. Gibson, who granted Jones
a new trial, the point being that the ac
cused murderer had not been taken to
the scene of the homicide when the jury
had Inspected the place.
Before the second trial was held Jones
was stricken with paralysis, and his
physical condition precluded the possibil
ity that he would ever go before the bar
of any earthly court to again answer to
the charge of murder. For nearly twen
ty years the bedridden prisoner remained
almost speechless and unable to move
without assistance on the cot where he
breathed his last. He was in his 94th
year. In all of the months the old man
laid in Jail he never spoke of the crime,
nor offered a word of explanation. While
he was a prisoner the modern electric
street car waa introduced. One day he
was taken to a Jail window and saw the
new vehicles whizzing by. The Eight
startled the old man, and never again
did he ask to leave his cell.
While the .officers were in the room Hen
ry Stapf, a friend of the two men, hap
pened to drop in on a friendly •visit and
was also taken into custody. The trio
were lodged in the City Prison and their
names entered on the detinue book. The
police of Boston were communicated with
by telegraph, but up to a late hour a re
ply had not been received.
The two men were brought together
and Steinberg accused Hanivan of steal
ing his wearing apparel. The latter de
nied his guilt. Crimination and recrimi
nation followed und Steinberg at last
made the direct accusation that Hanivan
had stolen a quantity of silverware from
the University Club of Boston, where he
had been employed as bellboy. Hanivan
retaliated by informing the detectives that
Steinberg had secured $250 worth of fur
nitured in Boston upon the payment of
$150 and had then shipped the goods to
this city.
An examination of the room brought to
light thirty pieces of silverware which
were stamped with the name of the Uni
versity Club of Boston. The furniture al
luded to by Hanivan was also found in
the room, together with receipts which
seem to prove that Steinberg moved the
goods before he had « acquired title to
them.
Everything was moving smoothly until
the disappearance of the suit of clothes.
Steinberg presented himself at the Hall
of Justice Monday afternoon and poured
his tale of woe into the ever-open ear of
Captain Martin, confiding to that official
the suspicion that his roommate was
guilty of the theft. Detectives Ryan and
Taylor were detailed on the case and were
entirely unprepared for the denouement
that occurred.
Hanivan and Steinberg arrived in this
city from Boston about two months ago
and took up quarters at 105 Ellis street.
Steinberg, who claims to be an East In
dian, took upon himself the name of Ra
mlnia Aramancha and advertised ex
tensively In the daily papers, calling at
tention to his remarkable power to prog
nosticate through the medium of the
stars. Aramancha prospered, as many of
those anxious to peep just a wee bit into
the hidden mysteries of the future en
listed his services.
That in some cases the accepted maxim
"there is honor among thieves" can be
regarded as a fallacy was rather forcibly
illustrated last night by the arrest and
detention of Frank Hanlvan and Julian
Steinberg, the latter known also as Ra
minia Aramancha, pending advices from
the authorities of Boston, Mass.
The loss of a suit of clothes owned by
Hanivan and his evident mistrust of his
companion was responsible for the pre
dicament the two men now find them
selves in— felony charges staring them in
the face in Boston.
• It •was further stated the Native Sons
propose to get up a silver service to pre
pent to the cruiser, and ways will be de-
S'ised Ly the committee to raise the funds
required for the purchase of such service;
also that the members of the organization
In all parts of the State will probably be
appealed to, to assist, as it is desired
that it shall be a California contribution
ta a California ship, obtained only
through the Native Sons.
It was also stated that the parlors of
Oakland are arranging for an event in
aid of the fund. It will consist of an en
tertainment at Idora Park, and Joseph
II. Knowland is one of the prime movers
In the matter.
A Fjp^estlon was made that the Native
Boris of this city, with the aid of the
membership of the Native Daughters of
the Golden West, arrange a monster
bazar and promenade concerts at the Me
chanics' Pavilion, to run ten days or two
tveeks, as a means of adding to the fund.
The matter was received with favor and
It was referred to the executive commit
tee to consider the suggestion and report
on the advlsabllty of such an undertaking-.
BAZAB AND CONCEBT.
The executive committee that superin
tended the recent minstrel show in aid
at the launching fund reported that it
was not as yet in a postion to make a full
report, as tickets had not yet been ac
counted for by many cf parlors that had
received them, but it was thought that
more than $509 will be realized. It was
nlso rtated that under the contract with
the minstrel company there .is still one
more performance to be given for the
fjLind, and that an effort will be made to
pive it in San Jose. The executive com
mittee was authorized to give that per
formance, which will also be for the ben
efit of the fund, in either San Jose, Val-
Jejr> or Stockton.
W. H. Hazell, treasurer of the commit
tee on celebration of Admission day at
Ban Jose, 6tated that the proceeds of
that day will net the launching fund a
little in excess of 11609.
The conpenFUs of opinion, almost unani
mous, was that that paper should be told
that the launching was a purely Native
Sons affair and that it must keep its
hands oft*. The best method of conveying
this idea to the parties for whom inlend
«-d was the subject of considerable dis
cussion and it was finally decided to re
fer the matter to the executive commit
tee, which will suggest what course to
pursue.
MUST KEEP HANDS OFF.
This led to a lenpthy discussion on the
course of the Examiner in "butting in"
In matters in which it was not asked to
•t?ke a part. It was stated that it must
•have been within the knowledge of the
rtanagers of that paper that the Native
•Fons had been working for more than a
year making arrangements for the
launching of the cruiser and for the pro
curing of the silver service, and that it
looked once more as if that paper was
trying to Rdvert'se Itself at the expense
of the Native Sons, in the way it had
done regarding California landmarks.
verely denounced last evening by , the
•committee of the Native Sons that has
worked for one year to secure funds for
the presentation of the memento to the
warp hip.
• The Native Sons' committee that is to
have exclusive charce of the launching of
the cruiser met last night, and the atti
tude of the Examiner was officially
brought to the notice of the members'.
-The statement was made by one of the
committee that the Examiner had sought
.to .have the school children of the city
-contribute to the purchase of the silver
service for the cruiser, and had an
nounced that the paper would take charge
of the money so raised.
The attempt of the Examiner to take
ficrn the Native Sons of the Golden West
"the honor of securing a silver service
for the new cruiser California was se-
After the selection of the jury the case
was continued until 2 o'clock to-morrow.
It is expected that evidence of a highly
sensational character will be introduced
and that the case will be most bitterly
contested.
The contestant's attorneys are Byron
Waters and W. Wylie of Los Angeles.
For the beneficiaries are Attorney W. S.
Goodfellow and District Attorney J. J.
Allen. . '
After much challenging by*the various
attorneys in the case, the following
named were selected and sworn in: W.
D. Thomas, W. Berry. Carl Berlin, R.
Wland. H. W. Prall, M. Y. Smith, E.
Kirchoff, W. F. Larrabee, C. B. Rice,
Seymour Johnson, M. Donohue and J.
Bridgeman.
The principals in the case present to
day were Fred W. ; Lloyd, Charles R.
Lloyd, Jr., and Mrs. Nix, a daughter of
Mrs. *Mary R. Lloyd. The daughters,
Mabel and Ethel LJoyd, were in the court
house, but remained outside of the court
room.
Attorney W. S. Goodfellow, for the pro
ponents of the will, asked at the begin
ning of the afternoon session that the
case be tried behind closed doors. Waters
objected and Judge Hall sustained his
objection. The rest of the afternoon was
taken up in the selection of the* jury.
JURORS SELECTED.
The reasons for wishing a continuance
were given that Mrs. Mary R. Lloyd, the
widow, was ill and unable to be pres
ent; that the deposition of a witness in
Fort Wayne had not. yet been secured;
and that the jury called in the case was
summoned originally to appear in depart
ment 5 of the Superior Court and could
not be transferred to another department.
After argument by the opposing attor
neys Judge Hall overruled the objections
and decided to take the testimony of the
contestant, Fred W. Lloyd, as to the con
dition and probable testimony of Mrs.
Mary Lloyd. Lloyd deposed that he had
seen Mary Lloyd at 8:40 o'clock at her
home, 1114 Fourteenth street, this morn
ing and that she was very Blck. Notwith
standing this testimony Judge Hall
ordered the trial to proceed.
Attorney Waters then outlined what the
contestant expected to prove by Mrs.
Mary Lloyd, who was Lloyd's house
keeper before she wedded him. This was
to the effect that Charles R. Lloyd was
depraved and was Insane on the subject
of matrimony. On one occasion, it is
alleged, half an hour after having met a
woman Lloyd proposed marriage to her,
and again on two days' acquaintance
with another woman he proposed matri
mony.
WIDOW IS ILL.
The widow, who was Lloyd's second
wife, children other than the contestant.
Mabel Lloyd. Captain Charles R. Lloyd
Jr. and Ethel Lloyd, and his housekeeper,
Miss Wilkinson, were the beneficiaries.
Lloyd was seriously wounded by Will
iam Boxall in January, the cause of the
affray being wTongs alleged to have been
committed by Lloyd against Boxall's sis
ters. Recovering partially, Lloyd left for
Japan on. a pleasure trip before Boxall
could be prosecuted. He was at the time
placed under bonds pi $100,000 to insure
his appearance at the trial of his nephew.
While on shipboard Lloyd suddenly died,
his demise being attributed to heart fall
use. The case against Boxall is still pend
ing.
Much of yesterday's morning session -was
spent by Attorney Byron Waters, counsel
for the contestant, in an endeavor to se
cure a continuance, on the ground that
his client was not prepared to go on with
the case.
Trial of the suit to break the will of
the late Charles R. Lloyd, the Berkeley
capitalist, the shooting of whom by his
nephew, William Boxall, in San Ber
nardino last January created a sensation,
was begun this morning in department 4
of the Superior Court before Judge Hall.
The contest was brought by Frederick W.
Lloyd, j eldest son of the deceased, he
having been disinherited by his father.
The estate consists mainly of stocks and
bonds of a value of about 1350,000.
It is alleged by the contesting son that
his father was insane and under the un
due influence of .his wife and Miss Wil
kinson, his housekeeper, at the time he
made his will.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Oct. 6.
CRACKLES SUIT
BEFORE COURT
Young Landgraf was subpenaed as a
witness and was ordered to appear in
court with his books. He answered the
summons, but before he could be placed
on the witness stand he disappeared.
Judge Prior issued a bench warrant for
Landgraf's arrest. Miss Eaton was
admonished to keep away from Mill Val
ley. On Sunday evening she was seen
there and her father was notified. He
caused her removal to this city and de
tention in the Receiving Hospital.
Landgraf's father did his utmost to
break off the friendship that existed be
tween his son and the young woman. He
communicated with her father and he
tried his utmost to keep his daughter at
home. Despite his efforts she would slip
out of the house and go to Mill Valley,
remaining there several days and sleep
ing in the stable. On one occasion she
hid in one of the stalls in the stable and
on being discovered retreated to the dense
woods surrounding Mill Valley.
Last week Joseph Landgraf Sr. secnred
a warrant for the arrest of the young girl
on a charge of vagrancy. The unfortu
nate girl was taken Into custody and sub
sequently appeared before Judge Pri6r of
Sausalito. She pleaded not guilty and de
manded a Jury trial. When the case came
up last Wednesday Miss Eaton., In her
own defense, claimed that she had been
employed by Landrgraf to keep his books
and she was earning her livelihood in that
way.
Occupying a cell In the detention ward
of the Central Emergency Hospital is
pretty Hattie Baton, daughter of A. J.
Katon, who resides at 833 Shrader street,
this city. The young girl's detention Is
due to her constant desire to go over to
Mill Valley. Her presence and eccentric
conduct while In that suburb have at
tracted a great deal of attention and oc
casioned much adverse comment from the
residents of that place.
jvuss Eaton is a pretty girl. She became
Infatuated with Joseph Landgraf Jr., a
well-known stableman of Mill Valley, and
has frequently crosseu the bay to be near
him. Landgraf at first was flattered by
her attentions to him, but when his
friends began to chaff him he became
worried. He pleaded with the young
woman to stay away, but she refused and
her persistency has been rewarded by her
being taken Into custody. There is a fear
that she is mentally unbalanced. , She will
be examined by physicians to-day and in
all probability will be sent to»a private
sanitarium.
It Is Trying to Get Credit of
Securing Cruiser's Silver
Service.
Contestant's Attorney Tells
of Decedent's Matrimon- •
ial Tendencies.
Persists in Visiting Mill Val
ley Stableman Despite
Objections. .
Two Eastern Thieves Are
Captured With Loot
in Possession.
Exposure of Small Theft
Brings to Light
Great Ones.
Pretty Hattie Eaton
Is Taken Into
Custody.
Judge Hall Refuses to
Entertain Motion
for Delay.
Do Not Want Examiner
to Interfere With
Launching.
GIRL'S SANITY
IS QUESTIONED
TELL OF EACH
OTHER'S CRIMES
NATIVE SONS
ARE INDIGNANT
ORDERS LLOYD
CONTEST TRIED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDjfESDAY, OCTOBER 7, 1903.
George Jones, for Eighteen Years a Prisoner,
Once Convicted of. Murder and Awaiting
Retrial, Dies of Paralysis in Oakland
FROM GALLOWS' SHADOW
HE GOES TO HIS GRAVE
VENERABLE PRISONER WHO
DIED YESTERDAY IN THE
ALAMEDA COUNTY JAIL.
9
ADVERTISEMENTS.
• '^^ The Standard of Excellence
first place
J^llpl^ and has for
{ gK^<£§£9 In that period
l,310,000,000£S
More than all other beers combined.
It has rightly earned the title
of Bottled Beers."
v , . - ' Order* promptly filled by .
XILLHANN & BENDEL, Pacific Slope Distributer*.
Open Sores
can be cleaned out, the suppura-
tion stopped, and a cure effected
by the use of
. fjjjy morbid matter is destroyed
3 "} arv elous germicide, which
tbsu' s re to Ud up heaIlh y
Absolutely harmless.
L.se<] and in( j orse( j b leading
P a/Moans everywhere. B
« nen not at your dniRjnst's sent
prepaid on receipt of pKafSJe
lor 25 cents for trial bottle.
*»»T* Eif /^ A
•MP"tBr»«a ly § fiU B J - ' I j
FRKB^i; 0 ., ?rlnCe Street « NeW Vork «
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HimyafiiJanos
r ?f laxative
lE^gSgLd MY NAME IS NOT
jP^-g|sgap HUNYADI ONLY,
Si& huhtaonanos,
(I&kSI L 1^ the original.
J$»\ """-'— ONLY GENUINE
HI? IT *"**-» AND RELIABLE
\l a rtlrr€ Hungarian
Is Always Reliable for
CONSTIPATIONFROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. For. Sails.
Berthai Valdez & Way Ports. Oct. 7
City Seattle... Skagway & Way Ports Oct. 8
Dirlgo Skagway St Way Ports Oct 9
Oregon Nome .Oct. 10
Humboldt Skasway & Way Ports Oct. 11
City Topeka.. Skagw«y & Way Ports Oct. 13
Farallon Skagrway & Way, Ports Oct. 14
Cottage City. .' Skagrway & Way Ports Oct. 14
Santa Ana Cooks Inlet &. Way Pts Oct. 16
Al-Ki Skagway & Way Ports. Oct. 16
Nome City. ... Cooks Inlet & Way Pt« Oct. 22
NOTK — The hlsrh and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the same at both places.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to ' San
Francisco ] Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
buildingr was dropped exactly at noon to-day
1. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m. Greenwich time.
J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant, U. S, N., in charge.
Branch Hydrogrraphic Offlce, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
Octobcr7, 1903.
Time Ball.
The Board of Education yesterday be
gan the trial of Miss Jean A. Dwyer.
acting principal of the South End School,
on a charge of having severely punished
Frank Duignan, a pupil In the school.
The change was preferred by Henry M.
Kelly, uncle of the boy, and was after
ward brought officially 'to the attention
of tha Board of Education by Superin
tendent of Schools Lancdon.
The first witness examined was Frank
Dulgnan, who told the story of the al
leged whipping substantially aa It has
been published in the newspapers. Frank
said he was flogged by Miss Dwyer on
the legs with the rattan; that he
slipped and fell and Miss Dwyer then
struck him across the face with her open
hand. . Horace G. Platt, who appeared
as Miss Dwyer 1 s attorney, drew from the
boy the admission that he had knowingly
transgreesed one of the rules of the
school by turning around in line. The
boy said that he was compelled to lie
down on a bench to recover from the ef
fects of the whipping.
BOY SHOWS BRUISES.
Mrs. Peterkin, aunt of the boy, testi
fied that he came home from school at
noon, but (^Id-not complain. At 3 o'clock
he told her of the beating he had re
ceived, and on investigation she found his
legs were black and blue and that the
skin had been torn in places.
A number of pupils testified that they
had witnessed the whipping of Duig
nan. Most of them stated that it
lasted for from fifteen to twenty min
utes. One of, the pupils said Frank had
turned around In line, when Miss Dwyer
grabbed him by the collar and she broke
the rattan when she whipped him. Frank
cried, "Stop a stop!" and Miss Dwyer hit
him on the' left .temple, which left a
mark and cried out, "I don't care where
I hit you."
Platt auestioned the pupils as to how
they had fixed the length of tim© the
punishment had lasted. One replied he
had looked at the clock and others that
the bell to form line had rung at 10:45
a. m. and the pupils did not reach their
class rooms until about 11:05, the pun
ishment having been Inflicted in the mean
time.
TESTIFIES AS EXPERT.
Deputy Superintendent of Schools How
ard testified to seeing the wounds on the
boy's legs, but would not express an
opinion as to whether the punishment was
severe. Howard also testified as an ex
pert, saying that the bruises could have
been made by the rattan, which was pro
duced In evidence and is rather a light
affair.
In her own defense Miss Dwyer said
the boys had been unruly and Dulgnan
was whistling in line. She began to pun
ish him and he jumped and pulled and
finally kicked her.
"If the boy was struck on the head It
must have been accidental, as I have no
knowledge of It," said Miss Dwyer. "I
do not think the punishment was un
usual. I have been informed by physi
cians that it is physically impossible to
make a mark with a rattan. I am 6ure
the punishment lasted but five minutes.
I also submit that It is a physical im
possibility to whip a boy twenty minutes
without becoming exhausted. I have
whipped pupils before and become per
fectly exhausted and yet administered but
a few strokes."
Miss Dwyer refused to answer two ques
tions of Henry Kelly, the boy's uncle,
as to whether she- had not gone to the
Appraiser's building to encompass his
dismissal from his position if he did not
abandon the proceedings against her and
that she had sent a girl to urge Mrs.
Duignan, aunt of the boy, to go ahead
with her intention of taking the case to
the Police courts. r/\:v < v
COMMERCIAL BANKS ARE
UNUSUALLY PROSPEROUS
Report of State Commission Shows
Great Gains in Assets and
, Deposits.
The report of the Board of Bank Com
missioners shows that the, twenty-five
commercial banks of San Francisco have
gained $4,846,041 34 in assets and $960,473 33
In deposits during the last year. All of
th3 Institutions are in an excellent finan
cial condition. The official statement cf
resources and liabilities, based oh the re
turns of September 8, Is as follows:
• Resources — Bank^ premises. $2,447,450 72;
real estate taken mr d^bt, $2,363,410 14; mis
cellaneous stocks and bonds. 110.55;!, 590 43;
loans on real estate, $4,512,812 64; loans on
stocks, bonds and warrants, $22,023,234 70;
loans on other securities. $8,437,092 56; loans
on personal security, including; overdrafts. $30,-
S35.77S 03; money on hand, $12,784,430 62; due
from banks and bankers, $10,973,103 60; other
assets, ff. 002,851 05; total resource*. $115,533,
775 39.
Liabilities — Capital paid in coin, $16,807,
303 33; -reserve fund and profit and loss, $19,-
S30.941 09; due depositors $66,000,258 38; due
banks and bankers. $10,S10,171 18; other liabil
ities. $1,176,011 41; total liabilities, $115,533,
775 39. -• . s w v
Police Looking f or. Thief. \
Miss Parker, 418 Sutter street, reported
tothe police yesterday that a thief had
entered her room last Saturday afternoon,
and stolen a large quantity of jewelry
and a valuable tailor-made- suit. Detective
"WhSttaker has been detailed on the case.
Bumznage Sale for Charity.
The ladies of branch 10 of the Catholic
Ladles' Aid Society of St. Joseph's par
ish will hold a rummage sale at 543 Sixth
street, beginning to-day and Jastlng for
five days. :-?^r.,
Pupils Testify That She Used
Rattan for Fifteen
Minutes.
Board of Education Be
gins the Trial of Miss
Jean Dwyer.
Symphony Leader Will Re
turn to This City in '
March.
With the tumbling wealth of Schubert
In our ears (the C major symphony No.
10), Scheel leaves us this week, after a
season of ripe success. Yesterday after
noon was the last concert of the first half
of our season and in Its symphony rank-
Ing with the best. The audience was
gratifyingly large and prepared for no
end of hero worship. Hands and hearts
were the conductor's all through and
afterward the people loitered about until
the stage hands shut off the lights, as If
loth to leave the scene of the music fete
of the last weeks. In March next we
shall have the second half of the series,
with ten concerts, to be given in the even
ing, and with the new odd man or two
that the band needs. In the meantime
the San Francisco Symphony Society
must be at work to fill every seat with a
subscriber for the spring concerts. Hap
pily there Beema to be every prospect" of
so doing. Never, Indeed, in the local his
tory of symphony has there seemed so
fair/ promise of a permanent orchestra
,and never again will, be so good a time
as now to work for It. We shall have it,
of course, as we of the West get every
thing we want, and it is in the nature of
us greatly to want the great thing musi
cal. But we may as well have it now as
ten years hence, and the months from
now to March will surely determine for
some years whether we are to have or
not to have a permanent symphony or
chestra. Imagine being sure of a Schu
bert No. 10 every week, every year!
It was charmingly given yesterday on
the whole. Mr. Scheel himself seems to
have a peculiar affinity for Schubert. In
his memories of things precious the Man
Who Knows holds firmly to a Scheel read;
ing of the Unfinished Symphony as a per
formance without flaw. Others of us re
member that reading, and yesterday's
symphony had the same vivid sympathy
and understanding. The rendering, how
ever, was rough in spots, lacking some
thing of spring and zip (in the scherzo),
and the intonation was by no means al
ways comfortable. When this is said,
however, all Is said on the debit side. The
orchestra responded eloquently in the
first andante, with its grave flow and lus
cious harmonies. The second movement,
profusely melodious and with the same
wonderful harmonic wealth, its garlands,
wreaths and festoons of lovely ornament,
was eheerly delightful and delightfully
played. It was not easy to pull the
scherzo along at the mile-a-mlnute pace
Mr. Schubert set, and Scheel decided for
it, as I have said before. Still one forgot
this In the finale, with Its thunderous
theme— like the tfead of Krishna from
star to star as he stamped his grief for
his dead mate into their bright bodies,
ripely understood and satisfyingly played
by the orchestra.
Then for novelty there was Dr. H. JL
Stewart's orchestral suite, "Montezuma,"
written for the Bohemian Club high Jinks
of thla summer, in accompaniment to
Louis A. Robertson's drama of the same
name and now first given to those in out
er darkness. The work is in four num
bers, "Darkness and Dawn," "Intermez
zo," "Valse Lente" and "Processional
March." Dr. Stewart is unfortunate in
coming after Mascagni In his first move
ment, that is expressive of dawn in much
the same fashion as the Italian composer
in his "Hymn to the Sun," perhaps in
evitably. The movement is, however,
pleasing, simple and expressive In its
theme, logical In its build and was very
well \ received. Dr. Stewart makes no
great use of orchestral color, the instru
mentation being straight away and with
out any attempt at anything approach
ing" subtlety. Except in the "March,"
however — where a Chinese ¦ cymbal or its
twin is used in a distressing syncopation —
It Is smooth, pleasing and graceful. .
Much the best movement is the "Valse
Lente," that with Scheel of the Vienna
Prater behind it, became a number that
should be very welcome on the lighter
orchestral programmes. It has a fascin
ating swing and Mr. Scheel made the
most of It. . -•
The "Intermezzo" is hardly worthy of
its company. Its principal theme bor
ders on the commonplace, though It Is
well worked out and the piece is unfor
tunate in following a similar three-four
movement, with a characteristic suave
triplet that the composer seems to affect.
The "March" is, again, a swinging and
effective movement, also destined to find
orchestral favor. The composer was
called to the stage to acknowledge the
hearty plaudits of the audience, both after
the "Intermezzo" and at the close of the
work.
The Leonora overture, not remarkably
played, and the Lizst Rhapsodie No. 2,
brilliantly orchestrated by Muller-Berg
haus and dashingly given, completed the
programme. March brings the next.
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
BENEFIT ENTERTAINMENT
GIVEN FOR ORGAN CLUB
Salesian Council of Young Men's In
stitute Gives Clever Amateur
Performance.^
An entertainment for the benefit of the
Sts. Peter and Paul's organ fund was given
last -evening at Native Sons' Hall by
Salesian Council No. 565, Young : Men's
Institute. The large hall was filled with
an enthusiastic audience, for the pro
gramme was an unusually good one.
The evening opened with an overture,
which was very well rendered by the San
Francisco Conservatory Mandolin Club.
Mrs. Craven and Harry Wood Brown
sang a duet from "II Trovatore," which
brought forth shouts- of- applause, and
"Billy" Hines produced the shrieks of
laughter that generally accompany his
"humorous songs and sayings."
A large chorus of thirty-six voices sang
the "Leeend of Bells" from "The Bells
of Corneville," which was somewhat of
a climax, marking the last musical num
ber on the programme, .
The entertainment was brought to a
close with a clever little farce entitled
"The Living Statue," exceedingly ludicrous
and well played by Enrico Brusco Giorgio
Ollva, Attilio Pescia and, Luigi Galll.
Officer. Goes After Sergent
Police Officer McMurray, attached '¦ to
the Society for, the Prevention of Cru
elty to Children, left yesterday for Stock
ton , with a warrant for the arrest" of
Charles Sergent, a barber, who has left
his wife" and Uhree ; small "children des
titute at 233 'Natoma street, this city.
Secretary White of the society, recently
warned Sergent to behave himself. and
the man immediately left town.:. White
finally located him' at Stockton and the
Chief of Police of that town detained him"
yesterday morning pending the arrival of
the San Francisco officer.
. LONDOX, Oct. ".—The Johannesburg corre
spondent of the Standard declares that the in
troduction of Asiatic labor «n the Rand is now
assured.' V ' ' -, , ' " -¦•'
Scheel Gives Last Con
cert of the First
Series.
PRINCIPAL PUTS
IN HER DEFENSE
CLOSES SESSON
OF RIPE SUCCESS
TERRIFIC SPEED
OF ELECTRIC CAR
HICH SEAS STOP
WORK ON GIFFORD
Current Drives It Along
at Rate of 125 4-5
Miles Per Hour.
Heavy Weather Forces
V^reckers to Go
Ashore.
Steamship Nippon * Maru Is
Still Detained in
Quarantine.
Successful Test Is Made on
an Experimental Line
Near Berlin.
The wreckers working to save the Brit
ish bark GllTord experienced a disappoint
ing setback yesterday. A sudden change
In the weather, which caused a heavy
eea to set in, drove all the men ashore
and the work of unloading the cargo had
to be abandoned.
Captain "vVoods-ue, who has charge of
the work. Is camping out on the beach
and at break of day his big force com
menced to jettison the coal. They had
barely bearun work when a fresh breeze
eprung up, which caused the sea to wash
completely over the ship, so he ordered
ell hands on shore to wait until the sea
subsided.
If the breakers continue to swash over
the bark for ~*e next few days her fate
¦will unquestionably be sealed. Every
thing now hangs on the weather. The
barge that was towed out yesterday with
more appliances was unable to go along
side, so put back into port.
Captain Metcalfe Is still confident that
there is a chance for the wrecked ship
to be flea ted.
Nippon Mani in Quarantine.
The steamship Nippon Mani, which arrived
In port !ate Monday night, is still lying in
quarantine. The tug Sea King brought off
the mai's at 4 o'clock yesterday and landed
them at Folsom street dock. Dr. Cumming
has telesraphed to Was-hirirrton la regard to
the landing of the passengers and is now
awaiting a reply.
CLEARED.
Tuesday. October 6.
Bark Edward May. Hansen, Makawell, via
Kahulul; Alexander & Baldwin.
SAILED.
Tuesday, October 6.
Stmr Robert Dollar, Johnson, Seattle.
Stmr Despatch, Levinson, Portland.
Ftmr Pcotia, Erickson, Bowers Landing.
Kmr Gipsy, Leiand, Eanta Crur.
Ptmr Greenwood. Johnson. Albion. *
Stmr Eanta Cruz, Glelow, Port Harford.
Kr ship Glenlui, Feott, London.
Br nhip Queen Victoria, Baker, Queenstown.
Fr bark Jacobsen, De Heronval, Ipswitch.
Schr Eureka, Jessen. Eureka.
SPOKEX.
Sept 24. lat 33 S. ion 19 W. Br ehip Duchal
bvra, from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
TELEG R APHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Oct C. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind XW, velocity 22 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TO'vi'XSEN'D— Sailed Oct 5— Fr bark
Cambranne. from Tacoma, for Queenstown.
Arrived Oct 6 — Schr Muriel, from Santa Ro
ralla; echr Snow & Burgess, hence Sent 27;
echr WinRlow. from San Pedro; schr Challen
ger, hence Sept 6chr Oceania Vance, hence
Sept 25; schr Hainbridte. from Ean Ptdro;
bktn Retriever, hence Sept 23, for Port Had
lock.
TACOMA— Arrived Oct 6— Schr Philippine.
hence Sept 19.
SEATTLE — Sailed Oct 6 — Stmr Pleiades, for
China and Jaiijui: ttmr Queen, for Ean Fran
cisco.
Arrived Oct 6— Etmr City of Puebla, hence
Oet 3.
Arrived Ort 6— Etmr City of Seattle, from
Bkagv.ay. *
Sailed Oct 6— Stmr Santk Barbara, for San
Francisco; Etmr Montara, for Tacoma and San
Francisco; etmr Leelanaw, for Ladyemlth and
Ban Francisco.
KANTA BARBARA — Arrived Oct 6 — Stmr
Bonita, and sailed for San Pedro; stmr Pasa
dena, from San Pedro, and sailed for Mendo
cino.
PORT HADLOCK— Arrived Oct 6— Bktn Re
triever, hence Sept 23.
AETOP.IA— Arrived Oct 6— Stmr Aberdeen,
hence Oct I.
POI.vt REYES — Passed Oct 6, 10 a m— Stmr
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday. October 6.
Ftmr Melville Dollar, Fosen, 2S hours from
Port Harford.
Stmr G C Linfiauer. Allen, 74 hours from
Grays Harbor.
Schr Pearl, Peterson, 17 days from Dora
Harbcr.
Schr E^srie K, Merrlam, 18 hcrars from Ban
V5cente Landing.
The British chip G'.enlul sailed yesterday for
London with 44,246 ctls barley, valued at $53.-
RM, and 25.275 es canned salmon, valued at
fl31.430. The ship ai*o carried 19,000 ft lum
ber as dunnage, valued at $285.
Grain and Salmon for London.
The French bark Canrobert was chartereS
prior to arrival for wheat to Europe at 21s 3d.
The French bark La Rochejaquelln le chartered
for barley to Europe at 14s. wheat stiffening,
11s 3d.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Advices from Hongkong, under date of Octo
ber 5. etate that the schooner Lillebonn.
which was ashore at Macao, has been towed
¦>. into the former nort, badly strained and ia
a leakir.r condition.
Lillebonn Is Towed Into Port.
The etraniJpd bark Gifford is still Quoted at
75 per cent- The rate on the steamer Finsbury,
fourteen dayp out from Kobe to Yokohama,
remains the Fame. CT> ptr cent. The Corolla
is quoted at 50 per cent and the Loch Lon*
is also listed at . r <0 r*r cent. The Catharina's
rate remains unchar.g-ed at 20 per cent. The
Xatuna, which has been recentlj* epeken, has
lf-en removed from the list.
Reinsurance List.
A telerrarn from Seattle Gated October 6
idvists that the steamer Northern Light was
wrecked In Hl^cins Slouch and that her back
vas broken.
Northern Light Is Wrecked.
includts 2S00 tons of flour aad 5500 bales' of
eheetlne- In the cabin there are about ninety
pasfrergers and in the eteerase 300. 5Irs.
Phoebe Hearst is among the passengers, en
route for India.
TT.e Occidental and Oriental steaaiship Doric
will sail at 1 o'clock to-day for the Orient.
She carries about 5000 tons of freight. Trhlch
Doric Will Sail To-Day.
Veteran Detective Goes to
Final Rest and Is Mourned
by Many.
FORMER CAPTAIN OP DETEC
TIVES BEN BOHEN, one of the
most popular and efficient officers
ever in the Police Department of
this city, died yesterday afternoon
at Maudsley's Sanitarium, 2344 Sutter
street, after an illness covering a period
of several months. The announcement of
the death of the veteran officer will cause
sorrow among the hosts of friends in all
classes that he made during his many
years of faithful service.
Deceased was born in Baltimore, Md..
August 12, 1833. and when still a young
man came West to seek his fortune. On
September 19, 1861. he was appointed a
patrolman in the Police Department in
this city and on December 27, 1878, after
eighteen years of meritorious service was
made a detective sergeant. During his
many years In the detective branch of
the service Bohen made many clever cap
tures and unraveled several of the mys
teries which occupied th© attention of the
department.
On 7 # 1837, he was promoted to
the position of captain and given charge
of the detective bureau, in which posi
tion he established an enviable record aa
an executive officer and handled many
important cases.
Captain Bohen retired on April 16, 1900,
after thirty-nine years of service. . . « .
Deceased leaves two daughters to mourn'
his loss. They live at 929 Grove street.
The funeral will be held to-morrow from
the family residence under the direction
of the Police Department and interment
will be in Holy Cross Cemetery.
POLICEMAN CONWAY
CALLED BY DEATH
BERLIN, Oct. 6.— An electric car on
the Marienfelde-Zossen experimental line
reached a speed of 125 4-5 miles an hour to
day, or a kilometer more than the highest
previous record. The machinery and rcad
bed were unimpaired. The current was
between 13,000 and 14,000 volts, capable of
driving the car at the rate of more than
203 miles an hour.
The lives of all on board the experi
mental car were heavily insured.
A large party of engineers, military men
and civilians 'gathered where the highest
points of speed a»e reported in the experi
ments. A French observer remarked that
the new sensation of the power of velocity
Inspired by the car's flight was worth
traveling from Paris to see.
There were twelve to. fourteen persons
on board the car, all technical men. They
auirm that the motion of the car was no
greater than that of an ordinary express
train. A curious feature eccoxnpanylng
the test Is the continuous sparkling of
electricity from the six trolley arms.
Wfiile the engineers do not believe a speed
of 125 miles is practicable at present on
the 6tate roads, they are prepared to rec
ommend a speed of ninety-three miles an
hour between Berlin and Hamburg.
Weetport, from Westport, for Port Los An
geles.
EUREKA— Arrived Oct 3— Schr Fortuna,
hence Sent 26; echr Mary Buhne, hence Sept
IS; schr John A. hence Sept 18.
Sailed Oct 3 — Schr* Mary E Ruse, for San
Francisco; echr Bertie Minor, for San Pedro;
ttmr Eureka, for San Francisco.
Arrived Oct 4 — Stmr Navarro, hence Oct 3.
Oct 5 — Stmr North Fork, hence Oct 4: bktn
James Johnson, hence Oct 3, in tow stmr Cen
tennial; ttmr San Gabriel, from Umpqua; stmr
Corona, hence Oct 4. Oct 6 — Stmr Redondo.
hence Oct 4.
Sailed Oct 4 — Stmr Francis H Leggett, for
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Oct 6— Schr Fred E
Sander, for Grays Harbor.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Oct 6— Stmr Centralia,
for San Francisco.
ABERDEEN— Arrived Oct 6 — Stmr Corona
do, hence Oct 2.
ISLAND PORT.
HONOLULU— Arrived Oct 5— Br bark West
York, from Newcastle, Aus. Oct 6 — Bktn Kli
kltat. from Port Ludlow.
Arrived Ort «— Fr war stmr eVrotet, from
Victoria: schr Aloha, from Port Gamble.
EASTERN PORTS.
BALTIMORE — Arrived Oct S — Ship Wm F
Babcock, from New York.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 6— Stmr Saratoga,
from Colon.
FOREIGN' PORTS.
ANTWERP— To- sail Oct 1— Br snip Clan
Mackenzie, for Port Townsend.
BIKKENHEAD — Arrived Oct 3 — Br bark
Donna Franclsca. from Portland.
CORINTO — Arrived Sept 20 — Ger stmr Sera
pis, from Hamburg.
NORDENHAM— In port Sept 23 — Fr bark
Marechal de Noallles, for Puget Bound.
PANAMA— Arrived Sept 19— Ger bark Anti
ope. from Newcastle. Aus.
VALPARAISO— Sailed Sept 22— Ger etmr
Menes, for Hamburg.
YOKOHAMA — Sailed Oct 6 — Br stmr Coptic,
for San Francisco.
Sailed Sept 13 — Schr Balboa, for Port Town
eend. Sept 10 — Br ship Aristomene, for Royal
Roads.
MELBOURNE— Arrived Oct 6— Schr Ariel,
from Puget Sound.
VICTORIA — Arrived Oct 6 — Jap star Shin
ano Mani. from Yokohama.
NANAIMO — Arrived Oct 5. 7 p m — Ger stmr
Isls, hence Oct 2.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK — Arrived Oct 6 — Stmr Oscar IL
from Copenhagen; etmr Armenian, from Liv
erpool.
Sailed Oct 6 — Stmr Cevic, for Liverpool;
stmr Kronnrlnz Wilhelm, for Bremen.
NAPLES — Arrived Oct C — Stmr California,
from Leghorn, for New York.
bailed Oct 6 — Stmr Neapolitan Prince, for
New York.
LONDON — Sailed Oct 6— Stmr Lancastrian,
for Boston.
LIVERPOOL — Arrived Oct 6 — Stmr Devon
ian, from Boston, via Portland, Me.
QUEEVSTOWN — Arrived Oct 6 — Btmr
Noordlatia, from I*hiladelphia, for Liverpool,
and proceeded.
BREMEN — Arrived Oct 6 — Stmr Bremen,
from New York; Etmr Kaiser Wilhelm der
Grosse, from New York, via Plymouth and
Cherbourg.
TO ARRIVE.
Movements of Steamers.
Officer Who Performed Excellent Ser
vice in Department for Many
Years Expires.
Thomas Conway, a member of the San
Francisco police force, died of general de
bility at his home In this city last even
ing. He was appointed to the force in
1884, and his record since has been most
excellent. He was regarded by his
superiors as one of the best men in the
department, and in the riotous days of
the Barbary Coast performed efficient and
fearless service. Many Important cap
tures were made by him, and he contin
ued his good work until a short time ago,
when his health began to fail.
For many years Conway was connected
with the Central Police Station, but until
the time of his last illness was detailed
at the North End Station. He was 49
years of age, and was born in this city.
Before entering the department he was a
tanner by occupation. His mother sur
vives him.
Sailors Get Half a Million.
United States Shipping Commissioner
Bassett reports that since September 10 he
has paid oft 1S66 sailors, constituting the
crews of thirty-€lgrht vessels engaged In
the Alaskan cannery trade. Thirty-six of
the vessels belonged to the Alaska Pack
ers' Association. The total amount paid
was $504,259.
LAST GALL
COMES FOR
BEN BOHEN
WEDNESDAY. OCTOBER 7.
Sun rlsea ...6:10
Sun sets 5:44
Moon rises .....:. .".6:24 p.m.
0 Time) I Time • ITime Time
£ 1 Ft. Ft. I— v— Ft. Ft.
? L W| H W |L W H W j
7 J 5:22 1.6 11:42 6.3 5:B7I 0.5| | '
HW LW HW L-W
8 0:43 4.9 6:59 1.9 12:10 6.4 0:35 0.2
9 1:33 4.8 6:37 2.2 12:50 6.4 7:22 0.1
10 2:27 4.6 7:20 2.6 1:30 5.3 8:15 0.1
11 3:27 4.5 8:12 2.8 2:17 6.2 0:14 0.2
12 4:30 4.5 0:17 3.1 3:28 5.1 10:16 0.3
Ifc 5:35 4.6110:30 -3.1 4 :2C[ 4.0 11:24 0.4
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides , are given • In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth tlrna column gives the last tides of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. .The heights given are : in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign' precedes the height.' and then the number
given is subtracted from the • depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters. . • » s
Steamer. From. | Due.
S. Portland... Portland & Astoria Oct. 7
J. Dollar Seattle & Tacoma. Oct. 7
Phoenix Mendoclno Oct. 7
Chehalla Grays Harbor Oct. 7
Tellus Oyster Harbor Oct. 7
Kdith Seattle Oct. 7
Alliance Portland & Way Pts Oct. 7
Ean Jobs New York via Panama.. Oct. 7
Columbia Portland & Astoria ]Oct. 7
Centralia San Pedro Oct. 5
Arcata Coos Bay * Pt. Orford.. Oct. 8
Del Norte Crescent City Oct. 8
Eanta Rosa... Ean Diego & Way Pts.. Oct. S
Point Arena.. Mendoclno & Pt. Arena. Oct. 8
Corona Humboldt .....Oct. 8
Arizcnan X. Y. via Pt. Los Ana;.. Oct. '}
Queen Puget Sound Port* Oct. tt
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. Oct. d
North Fork...! Humboldt Oct. tt
Eureka Humboldt Oct 0
F. H. LeREett. Humboldt Oct. 10
5. Barbara... Seattle & Olympia Oct. 10
Pomona Humboldt Oct 11
Rival Willapa Harbor Oct! 11
Siberia China & Japan jOct. 11
Argo Eel River Ports i..|Oct 11
Coronado Grays Harbor Oct. 12
Chlco Coquille River |Oct. 12
£"¦?.' "i,*? 1 " San Dle8ro & Wa y Pts.JOct. 12
G. W. EMer.. Portland & Astoria loct. V>
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Pts.. Oct. 13
AlamPda ; Honolulu net 13
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports...": Oct." 14
Barracouta. .. Nrw York via Panama. Oct. 15
Uarda Seattle Oct 15
£ alnI * r Seattle & Whatcom .... Oct' 15
*> V* 1 " 1 * Hamburg & Way Ports. Oct! 17
lElg Seattle | Oct- 17
TO SAIL..
Steamer. Destination. Bails. Pier.
October 7.
Czarina Coos Bay direct 5 pm Pier 8
Arctic Humboldt I £n P^r 10
Iaqua Humboldt » am P Ir 2
Pomona Humboldt l:30pPier 9
Doric China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
Curacao.... Mexican Ports .... 10 km Pllr 10
6. Portland Astoria & Portland 6 pm Pier 2
Argo Eel River Ports... 4 pm Pier 2
October R
Centralia... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Phoenix Mendoclno City 1 pm Pier 13
Alliance Eureka & Coos Bay 5 pm Pier 16
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 19
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 19
Wntura.... Sydney &. Way PU. 2 pm Pier 7
Umatllla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
October 9. •
G. Dollar. . . Grays Harbor. 4 p m Pier 2
Newburg. . . Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
G. Llndauer Grays Harbor. Pier
Arcata Coos B.& Pt-Orford 10 am Pier 13
October 1O.
Corona Humboldt 11:30 p Pier 9
Rcdcndo.... Los Angeles Ports. 3 pm Pier 2
R. Barbara. Los Angeles Ports. 9 am Pier •»
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena* 4 pm Pier 2
Columbia. . Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
City Para. . N. T. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
October -11.
Eureka Humboldt 0 am Pier 13
S. Rosa San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 19
J. Dollar... Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am Pier 2
• October* 12.
Bonita Newport & Way Pts 8 am Pier 19
N. Fork.... Humboldt 6 pm Pier •»
October 13. .
Queen Pujret Sound Porta. 11 am Pier 9
October 14.
Rival ' Wlllapa Harbor ... 4 pm Pier 2
October 15.
Coronado... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
X. Mani...., China & Japan... 1 pm Pier 40
Callfornian. New Tork 3 pm Pier 23
G. W. Elder! Astoria" & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
; October 17.
Sar. Jose... I N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 10
Alarr.efla...'. Honolulu ......... 2 pm Pier 7
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY, OCTOBEB 7, 3903.
FORMER CAPTAIN OF DETEC
TIVES WHO DIED IN THIS
CITY YESTERDAY.
10
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
X * toS 1 " '
(Main Line. Foot of Mtrfcet Street )
'Lmatk — Fko» 8»fTaacB«B a. 1903. — iHinf'
?i)0A BeBiela,8aUaa,Klmlraaad8acra-
mento J*?2 F
7J»A,V»c» T l"e, Wlaterm.RnmseT........ 7JIS*
7J0a M»rtlne». San B»mon, ValleJo
Naps, CalistoK*. 8»nU Rosa. 8J25i"
7 J0a Klles. LlTermore, Lathxop. Stock-
•on • 7.ZW
i.OOA Davl*. Woodland. Knishu Landing.
MarrsTllle. OrovUle. (connecU
at ifary tTtllo for Oridley, Biggs
and Cblco) _.... 745W
SCO* AUantie Express— OgAea and Bast. 10.25*
8410a Port Cotts, Martinez. AaUoch. By-
ron,Tracy. 8tockton,8acramento,
Lot Banoa. Mendota, Haaford,
YUalla. PorterTllle 4JB*
I4XU -Port Coita. Martinez. Tracy. Lattt-
rop, Modesto, Merced, Fresno,
Goshen Junction, Haaford, Vlr
salla, Dakersaeld &29s>
• J0a 8h»»ta Express— Dm»ls, Williams
<for Bartlett SprtngsX Willows.
tFroto, Ued BloS. PorUand 7-55*
140a Kllej, 8an Jose. Llveraore. Stock-
ton.Ione.Sacr»mento,Placerrlll8,
'tf* MaryiTllle. Chlco, Red Bloff 4-2S»
850a Oakdale. Chinese. Jamestown. 8o»
aora. Tuolnnne and Anrela ..... * 25*
16.00a Vallejo ....- v ........ 122S#
10X0 a XI Paso Passenger. Eastbonnd.—
Port Costa, Martinei, Byron.
Tracy. Lathrop, Stockton.
Merced. Raymond. Fresno, Han-
f«rd. Vlsalfa, Bakersfleld, Loa
Augelet and El Paso. (WesV
bound arriTes via Coast Line)... «l-3C?
1040a The Orerland Limited — Oft-den.
iuuu D , BTer omaha, Chicago. f.25»"
12.00m Hsyward. Biles and Way Stations. S.2Si»
11.00p Baersmento Bl»er Steamers.. ti l.OOr
SJOr Benicia, Winters. Sacramento.
Woodland. Williams. Coluss.Wll-
- t Jows, Knizhts Landing. Marys-
vnie. OroTille and wsy stations.. 10 55*
tJOr Eayvard, Niles and Wsy Stations.. / 55i"
400r li»rtlBei.S<in Ramon. V»lJeJo,>"»p».
Csllatoca, Saata Rosa. .?S2*
44>0p MarUnez.Tr«cy.L»throp.Stocktoa. 10-2Sa
4-OOf Niles. LlTermore. Stockton. Lodt.. 4-25*
4i0r Hayward. Nlles, Irrtnjtoa, Saa » J>-|8a
Jose. LlTermore f J1 1.55a
6J0r Tie Owl Limited— Fresno, Tulare,
B»ker»3eld. Lot Ansreles «35a
tJtOr Port Costa. Tracy, fltocktoa. Loa tmltm
Banos '2-25^
tf 50r H»yw»rd. Nlles and San Jos« .JifA
••00p Hsyward. Nlles and San Jose. 10 2Sa
*43Or Orieoul Mall— Osden. Denter,
Omaha. St. Loola, CBtcago aa«
East. Port Costa, Benicia, SuS-
san, Elmtra, Darts, Sacramento*
Rocklln. Aabvrt. Colfax,
Trnckee. Boca. Hano. Wads-
worrti. WlBDemveca, Battl*
Mountain. Elko 4.2S*
•>.. Reno, Truckee. Sacramrato, DaTts.
Suisnn. Benicia. Port Costa 7.53a
S.QOr Vallelo, daily, except Sunday.... I 7 ss#
7i0» ValleJo, Sunday only..*-..- I '°*^
7A0r Ban Pablo, Fort Costa. M*rt:a;i
and Way Stations 11-2SA
t-OSr Oregon * California Express— Sae-
ramento, MarysTllle. Bedding.
Portland. Paget Soard and East. 8.53a
8.107 Hayward. NUea and Saa Jose (Sun-
day only) 11-SS*
11.25* Port Costs, Tracy. Lathrop, Mo-
deito, Merced. Raymond (to To*
Semite). Fresno, Haaford. VV-
•all*. Bairmfleld 1221»
COAST LINE (»«ro* Umjs).
» (Foot of Market Street.)
746a Santa Crux Excunlon rsundaj
ooiy) i-10»
8.15a Newark. Centerrine. Saa Jose,
Felton. Boulaer Creek. Santa
Craz and Way Buttons 8 23*
t2.1o> Newark, Centerrllle, Saa Josa,
New Almaden. Los Oatos.Feltoa.
Boulder Creek. Santa Crux and
Principal Way Stations 10 55a.
4.15* Newark. San Jose. Los O»to« and
way stations (on Saturday and
Sunday rum through to Santa
Cmx; Monday only from Santa
Craz). Connects at Feltoa to
and from Boulder Creek ts-oast
.OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY-
rrom SAM tUA.N CISCO. Foot or Market SL (SUsS>
. — 17:13 9:00 11:00 a.m. 100 300 5.15 r.H.
rrom OAKLAND. Foot cf Broadway — t«:0O X&iW
n:QS 10.00 a.m. 12 00 200 400 PJt.
COAST LINE (Broad Ua.ge).
tW (Third and Townsend Street*.)
|.10a Ban Jose aad Way Sutlons IJOr
17.00a Ean Jose and Way SUUons 5-33F
7.15a Monterey and Santa Crux Excur«
sion (Sunday only) ... B-SOv
8.00a New Almaden (Tues., Frld.. only). 4-13*
00a Coast Line Limited — StopsonlySaa
Jose, Gllroy (connection for Hot
lister), Pajaro. CastroTUle. Sa-
linas. San Ardo. Paso Roblea,
BantaM.argartu.San Lois Oblspo,
Gnadalupe. Surf (connection for ¦
Lompoc). Santa Barbara, Sangna
• — and Los Angeles. Connection as
Caatrovtlle to and from Monterey
andPaclfle Grore 10-43V
9.00a Ban Jose. Tres Plnos. Capitols,
SantaCrux.Paciac GroTe.Saltnaa.
San Luis Obispo and Principal
Intermediate stations 4-1 Or
?U.30a Ean Jose and Way SUUons 1.20?
11X0 a Cemetery Passenger— South Saa
Francisco. San Brano 1.08>
11.30a Santa Clara, San Jose, Loa Gatoa
and Way Stations 7.30?
•1 SOr San Js»e and Way SMtlons ... .... X7-00P
2X07 San Jtse and Way Sutlons S3 40a
£.30p Cemetery Passenger— SouUi Saa
Francisco, San Brano 4.35#
tJ.COr Del Monte Express-Santa Oara,
San Jose, Del Monte. Monterey,
Pacific GroTe (connecU at Santa
Clara for Santa Cruz. Boulder
Creek and Narrow Gauge PotnU) f1 2-13»
t£Or Tactile Groro and Way Stations—
BarlIngame,San Mateo,Redwood,
Menlo Park. Palo Alto, Mayfleld,
Munnuln View. Lawrence, Sanu
Clara. San Jose, (Gilroy. Hollla>
ter, Tres Pinos), Psjaro, WaUoa-
TlJle. Capitol*. Santa Craz. Caa*
trortlle, Salinas 10-43a
4301" San Jose and Way Stations 8-38*
6X0r Saa Jose. (Tta Santa Clara) Lea
Gatos. Wright and Principal Way
Stations (except Snnday) 9.00a
f5-30r Ean Jose and Principal Way Stations +8.00A
itAbr BanMateo,Beresford,Belmont.Saa
Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
MealoPark. Palo Alto r9.48»
6JCr San Jose and Way Stations M 6 3o*
. 1-tOr Sooset Limited. Eutbound.— Saa
Luis Oblspo. Santa Barbara. Loa
Angeles, Demlng. El Paao. New
Orleana. New York. (Westbound
arrtres Tla Sun JosqninValley)... st8.25a
•,00p Palo Alto aod Wsy Stations 10.15a
11.30? South San Francisco. Mil! brie.
Burlinsame. San Mateo. Bel-
mont, San Carlo*. Eeawood, ••*«».
Fair Oat». Menlo Park. Palo i|"1|}
Alto. Marneld. Mountain View. «*•«•»
SannyTsle, Lawrence, Sanu
Clara and San Jose J
A for Moraine P for Afternoon.
X Saturday and Sunday only. 1 Sunday only. -
I Btops at all stations on Sunday,
t Sunday exeepted. « Saturday only. ¦
• Via Coast Line. sr Via San Joaquls Valley.
• Reno train eaitbound discontinued.
BVOnly trains stopping at Valencia St. iouthboan4
•rt»:lOAJt-r7:COAJi,ll:tOA.Jt..2:i«r.ii.aad«:30rjs,
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Laave "a Swsalit. Tutj Arrivw '
SaaiFntn. H* ****** Sam Fran,
"Wiek SulT" Sun- |WW
Da>-». days _d*r* Darv
»:45a 8iOOa g*aSe#£a3 1»:OOn 57TSZ
l:*Sr »:OOa V^sS»a^9 1S:SOf 3:3Or
«W1»p1O:OOa >^^^Tf »:3Op 3:SOp
BrtsHays sar/. issts laran Y •t30T > arrtrsU, ili3O»
WW \SX MAaxar St, (North Shore Radroadj*
ClflCB | and S*u»j ixro Fcx« v Foot Market St.
WeeKly Can $1.00 per Year
I 8ALIF0RNIA §
g LIMITED TO CHICAGO |
I Leaves Mondays and Thursdays H
I at 9:30 a. m., through In 8 days* I
if with diner and all trappings. m
I . Other Santa Fe Trains:
oiS ?' ™* I for Stockton, Fresno, BakersSeld,
i™ ~"l Merced, Haniord aad VUalU.
o:uu p. m. j 1
4.00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Graad Canyon and
Chicago. ' • ' '• :• "-; 1
Tickxt Offic»: 641 Market 8t., and Perry
Depot. 8. I>. Also 11U Broadway, Oak-
land, Cal.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC .
BAIT. WAT COMPART.
Tiburoa Perry, Foot of Market St.
SAN PBAirCISCO TO SAW BATAZSZ..
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.: 12:33.
3:30. 6:10. 8:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
: at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1 :SO and 11 :3O p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:00, 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, S:30,
6:00, 6:20. 11:30 p. in.
SAW BAPAE1 TO SAW * PBAWCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:06. 7:35. 7:80, 9:20, ll:lfl
a. m.; 12:60, 3:40. 5:00, 6:20 p. ra.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:06 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:00. 0:40. 11:16 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40,
4:66, 6:05, 6:25 p. m.
I/efcve I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. ( Sept. 27. 1903. |San Franclaco.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- } Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | Uoo. [ days. | Days.
7:30 a 8:00 a 9:10 a 8:40 a
9:30 a Isnaclo. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 3:30 p 6:06"p 6:20 p
6:10 p 6:00 p 7:35 p
7:30 a 9:10 a 8:40 a
8:00 a Novato, 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 9:30 a Fetaluma 6:05 p 6:20p
5:10 p 3:30 p and 7:35 p
» . 5:00 p Santa. Rosa.
7 -30 a 10:4Oa lO:2Oa
8:00 a Fulton. 7:35 p 6:20 p
3:30 p 3:30 p
Windsor,
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsbur?. 10:40 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
8:30 p 3:30 p Geyserville. 7:35p 6:20 p
Cloverdaie. ¦ '
7:30 at 8:00 al Hopland 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| and Uklah. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a| 8:00 a| Wllllts. | 7:35 p| 6:20~p
7:30 at 8:00 al {10:40 a!10:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Guemevllle. |7:35p[6:20p
7:30 at 8:00 al Sonoma. I 9:10 al 8:40 a
6:10 p[ 5:00 p| Glen Ellen. | 6:05 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a I 8:00 a) 110:40 a|10:20 a
3 :30 p| 3:30 p| Stbastopol. I 7:35 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentin; at Santa* Rosa for White Sulphua?
Springs: at Fulton for Altruria and Mark West
Springs: at Lytton for L.ytton Springs: at Gey- 1
servllle for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdaie for
the Geysers. Boonevllle and Greenwood; at
Hopland for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake.Pomo,
Potter Valley. John Day's, Riverside,' Lierly"*.
Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville, Orr's
Hot Springs, Halfway House, Comptche. Camp
Stevens. Hopkins, Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg.
Westport. Usal; at Willlts for Fort Bragg.
Westport,' Sherwood. Cahto. Covello, Lay ton-
vine, Cummings. Bell'a Springs, Harris, 01-
een's. Dyer. Garbervllle. Pepperwood. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offlce, 650 Market street. Chronicle
WHITING. B. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
TO SA B ! RAFAEL
SAM QUENTIN,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO.ETC.
via Sausalito Ferry
WEEK DAYS— (Holiday* «¦«•
t*7-45 8:45 9:45 11 a. m., 12:20, n:48. 3:15,
4:15. t5:15.'«6:15. 6:45. 9. 11:45 p. m.
.7:45 a. m. train week daja doea not run to
"'SUNDAYS AND LEGAL HOLIDAYS-7.
t8° t'0. flO. 11. tll:SO a. m.. T12:3O. fl:30.
2:35; -3:50. 6. 6. 7:30. ». 11:45 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
Those marked (t) to Fairfax, except 5:15 p. m.
Saturdays. On Saturdays the 3:15 p. m, train
TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Week days— 5:25. 16:25. 7:40. 8:15. J9:35.
11:05a.m.. 12:30. 2:20. J3:45. 4:50. 6:30, 6:45.
10 S 2 UNDAYS— 6:15. 7:35 J8:10. 9:40.
tll:45 a. m.. 12:50. 2:3^0. $3:25. 4:40,
6:65^7:35. 10:20 p. m.
Trains marked <t) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO— Week days— 6:45, 6:40. 7:45, 8:23,
9:45. 11:10 a. m.. 12:40, 2:45. 4:15. 5:10, 7:03.
10:40 p. m.
t SUNDAYS— 6:35. 7:55. 10. 11:10 a. ra.. 12:05.
1:06 2:40. 3:45. 4:65. 6:05. 7:10. 10:40 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m., week days — Cazadero and way
stations. ,
8:15 p. m., week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Tomales and way stations.
3:15 p. m.. Saturdays — Cazadero and way
stations. . .
» Sundays and Legal Holidays — 8 a- m.. Caza-
dero and way stations.
Sundays and Legal Holidays— 10 a. m.. Point
Reyes and way stations.
TICKET OFFICE— (36 Market st.
FERRY— iToot, of Market st.
B IBM™ s\ tWb Ifin m ' e^vS
; - HI ; QKR m VKf^iS M S^3 Im *
rH B flra S^n Ha B$i Bafilfl
111 l! m Wm S I^S ipBi
Ra D H Tv* ESfu9 dH moC^ H sTrwi H
El^^^CTl^^a^p—^ BL \ T Mm
"The Arab Scout," by Schreyer, Free Art Supplement Next Sunday :
. - . - j; *? VERTI-SEMENTS.
One >^^^ McBurn9 '' s |
Bottle/^ W A ™ I
p n "T BLADDER
bUreSriw J^ cure
For pains in tfce back, Xrl*ht'« dls-
- eaie\ lnoontlnenoa of uxin*. brick
du«t ? deposit, bel-wetttngr, rraval.
! dropsy, diabetes, rheumatism.
;. Only by removing poisonous acid can
rheumatic and neuraiicio , troubles b« I
; cured. Uric acid find* its way Into the I
blood because' the Kidneys are weakened Z
and do not throw it off from the aystsm E
Restore the Sidney* and you restore the I
power that will force the uric acid from 6
i the body. That is Just what McBurney, I
. Kidney and Bladder Cure doe«. . It drlraa I
the deadly, uric acid from the blood. It I
tustalns the organs that sustain life and G
• the forces that make blood. McBurney 1 « H
Kidney . and Bladder cure, 91 60 - ill B
druggists. ,; Booklet with sworn * state- B
menu of cures f re*. ¦ W. F. McBurney I
Bole Mfr.. 22« S. Spring st; Los Angele*,' I
/ADVERTISEMENTS.
"I tried all kindt of blood remedies which failed
to do me auy good but 1 have found the richt thine
at last. My fare was full of pimples and black*
head*. jLller taking C&SR&rets they all left. I am
coiitiBQing the cse of them and recommending
them to my friends. I feel fine vben I rise n tbs
morning. Hope to have a chance to recommend
t iir ¦row
Fred C. TTltten, 76 Elm St., Keirark, N. J.
CANDY CATHARTIC Kj^
Pleasact. Palatable. Potent. Tacte Good. Do Good.
Kever Sicken, Weaken or Gripe. Me. 25c. 50c. Never
•old in bulk. The genuine tablet stamped CCC.
<j&braxt?c(i to cure or jour money back.
Sterling Remedy Co.. Chicago or N.Y. 595
ANNUAL SALE, TEN MILLION BOXES
- RAILWAY TRAVEL^
For Double Berth to
CHICAGO
PERSONALLY CONDUCTED EXCURSIONS
/ VIA THE j
Northwestern-Union Pacific
For tickets or information call on or address
R. R. RITCHIE, Cen. Agt., Pac. Coast.
617 Market Street, San Francisco.NEW YORK Oct. «. — The cotton market
clovd within S or 4 points of the lowest on
the active near months.
New York Cotton Market.
' — — M r 03 as 1
t f 5 I • 2 i
S I" & a
FRUITS. J? & , 2. ?
2. :
5" '. '. '•
. 1 1 \— 1 .". 1 1
Apples $1 •'•5$1 30 $1 2i)$l 10
Apricots 1 70 1 40 1 25 .... [
Blackberries 1 CO 1 40 1 3of 1 20
Cherrie* R. A 2 25 2 00 1 SOI 1 5(1 '
Cherries, white 1 S5 17(1 145'
Cherries, black 2 10 185 170 145,
Orapes • 135 120 110 1 CO I
Yellow Free Peaches 1 60 1 30| 1 15 1 C5
Lemon Cling Peaches... 1 80 1 55 1 30 1 20 I
Do. sliced 1 75| I 45 1 20 1 1\>
White Heath Peaches... 1 751 1 45 1 20 1 10
Pears 1 90 1 60 1 40j 1 25 }
Plums 1 35 1 15 1 051 05
Raspberries 2 50 2 25 2 lOt 1 90
Strawberries 2 00 1 75 1 60[ 1 40
CANNED VEGETABLES — Tomatoes. 2%-ib
standard, 85c; Green Peas — Baby petlts pois,
$1 50; petlts pots, $1 35; extra sifted. $1 15;
standard sifted. $1; standards, 85c; marrowfats.
82 %c: gallon, sifted, $4 25; gallon, standard,
$3 75.
COAL — Wellington. $8 per ton; New Wel
lington, $8: Seattle, $8 50; Bryant. $0 5O: Bea
; ver Hill. $5 50: Stanford, $7; Roslyn, $7; Coos
i Bay, $5 50: Greta, $7: Wallsend, $7: Rlch
i mond, $7 50; Cumberland, $13 In bulk and
$14 25 In sacks: Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13;
"Welsh Lump, $11 50; Cannel. $S 50 per ton;
Coke, $11 .Viifi'13 per ton in bulk and $15 in
sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions. $8 45 per
2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton. according to brand.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles, per lb, 4%c:
cases, regular, 5c; cases, extra large. 6%c;
Eastern style. 6c: boneless, 6c; "Norway,"
ttc; "Narrow Gause," fl%c; "Silver King.*
7%c; blocks. "Oriental." Cc; blocks. - Seabright,
ti%e; tablets. 7c; middles, 7CS%c; boneless,
8@9c: nlckled Cod, bbls, $7 50; pickled Cod,
half bbla, $4 75.
CORDAGE^ — The local company quotes as
follows. 60 days or % per cent discount for
cash, no sales under 10.000 lbs: Manila, 14 He;
Sisal, lie; Duplex. 10c; Bale Rope. ll@ll%c
per lb.
COFFEE— Costa Rica — 12%@15o for strictly
prime to fancy washed, 11© 12c for prime
washed. 10U@10%c for good washed. 9%®
11 %c for good to prime washed peaberry, 8%
@9V4c for good to prime peaberry. 8%©lCc for
good to prime. 7@8o for fair. 4@6?ic for com
mon to ordinary. Salvador — 11012c nominal
for strictly, prime washed, 8%«?10%e for good
to prime washed, 7%<I8c for fair washed. 9®
19%c for fair to prime washed peaberry.
T%<SSy t c for good to prime seml-was!>ed, .7%i&
Sc for superior unwashed, 7{*7^ac tor good
green unwashed, 7%©8c for good to superior
unwashed peaberry. 4@6c for Inferior to or
dinary. Nicaragua — llViQl^c nominal tor
<lioi":i Meriiiijir — Pacific Time.)
?AN FRAJCCISCO. Oct. 0 — 5 p. m.
' l ..V COAST RECORD.
p K 2 O »
r- i§ £ 2 <~ Jo ,:f
CTATION. I * I |jj |S V ' I
>,i CT n g-SJ " « W Cloudy .04
£r" ....... 20. 6 ,i tC NW Clear .(X)
i* -i^n') £h! •- r.. NW C1 "'r,, -.00
i >W::::.s. S o § § £ ;v ££; ¦"•«
NEW YORK. Oct. 6. — Tin was lower in Lon
don, declining about £2 5s to £114 5s for spot
and £114 15s for futures. Locally tin was
weak, closing at $2G©20 35.
Copper was unchanged in London at £54 17s
6d for spot, but futures there were Is 3d lower
at £55 Is 3d. Locally copper is quiet and
more or leos nominal. Lake and electrolytic
are quoted at $13013 25 and casting at
$12 87%.
Lead was unchanged in New York af $4 50,
and m London at £11 Is 3d.
Spelter declined 2s 6d to £20 IOs In London,
and was unchanged In New York.
Iron closed at 3s 9d in Mlddlesboro. Locally
Iron was lower. No. 1 foundry. Northern, $16
QYt\ No. 2 foundry. Northern, $15#16; No.
1 foundry. Southern, and No. 1 foundry.
Southern, soft, $15&15 50.
New York Metal Market.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— A French bark has
Just been taken for Barley, usual European op
tions, at 14», which is about an average rate
for spot business. It is pretty low. The char
tered wheat fleet in port ha« a registered ton
nage of 41,600. aganlst 54,300 tons on the same
date last year; disengaged, 105,500 tons,
against 60,350: on the way to this port, 277,
400 tons, ajtainst 214,000.
WHEAT— There is very little new in the sit
uation, either here, in the East or abroad. |
Chicago reported a little export business. This
market continued quiet, with growers rather
more inclined to let go at full Hgures and
buyers somewhat Indifferent.
The Chicago letter of Bolton, de Ruyter &
•'Cables showed some steadiness and there
was little improvement in the cash situation.
There was a moderate milling demand here.
Kansas City market firm. There were rumors
of considerable export business having been
worked via Galveston, but so far it lacks con
firmation. Seaboard exporters report bids out
of line and business small. The bearish fea
ture of the day was Bradstreet s estimate of
13,000,000 bushels Increase In the world's vis
ible. Primary receipts are a shade 1 less than
last year. The weekly Government report says
threshing and marketing in the Northwest have
again been interfered with to some extent by
rains. Strike situation In Minneapolis mills
is still a matter of some uncertainty. The
mills seem to be gaining, but there is danger
of further sympathetic strikes. On the whole
we see no material change In conditions.
Stocks of wheat are likely to continue to In
'crease somewhat for weeks to come and the
lead on speculation grows a little heavier day
by day. . We do not therefore see anything
encouraging to buyers of wheat. Think we
would rather sell It on the hard spots."
CASH WHEAT.
California Club, ¦ $1. 42U<n 45; California
White /tftrnllan. $1 52%«?1 55: Northern
Club. ** ' "v.«ri 4.": Northern Blue Stem,
$1 52" " -Orer"n Valley, ?1 45 per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 0 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ..$1 37% $1 37% $1 37 $1 37%
2 p. m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ..$1 37% $1 37% $1 37% $1 37%
BARLEY— Was firm again, with a sale of a
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 82?4
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 8M,4
Sterling Exchange, cables.. — 4 81 U
New York Exchange, sight . . — . 0.%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
Silver, per ounce — K'^a
Mexican Dollars "jjv-"V_ ' ' • ' " .
Wheat\and f Other Grains.
Exchange and Bullion.
BAGS — Grain Bags. 5(@5%c; San Quentln.
5 55c; Wool Bags, 32@35c ; Fleece Twine, 7%
<0$c- Cotton Fruit Bags, K%c, 6%c and 7Vic
for the three grades: Brown Jute. 6%&7%e.
CANNED FRUITS— The California Fruit
Canners' Association quotes the following price
list for 1903 stock:
General Merchandise.
NEW YORK. Oct. 6.— FLOUR— Receipts, 50,
176 barrels. Dull, but a steady tone.
WHEAT— Receipts, 67,285 bushels; exports,
3958. Spot, steady; No. 2 red, 80%c elevator;
No. 2 red, 82%c f. 0. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern
Duluth. 89&C f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Mani
toba, 91 i£e f. o. b. afloat. Oversold conditions
resulted in a squeeze of wheat shorts this
morning and a sharp upturn. Cables were bet
ter than expected, outside markets stronger and
offerings light. An enormous Increase in the
world'6 stock, however, caused bear pressure
at noon. This was followed by late judgment
on export rumors and the market closed steady
at %gv;c net advance. May, 82V»@82%c.
closed 82%c; December, 83V4<383%c, closed
S3W.C.
HOPS — Steady. Pacific Coast, 1903 crop, me
dium to choice, 27@32c.
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL— Quiet.
COFFEE — Spot Rio. quiet; No. 7 Invoice.
6%c; mild, steady: Cordova, 7@>12%c. Coffee
futures closed steady, net 5 to 10 points lower.
Sale*. 59.750 bags, including December, 4.75c;
March. 4.85<35c; May, 5@-5.15c; July, 6.15@
5.30c; September, 6.25@5.45c.
SUGAR — Raw, nominal; refined, dull.
Nczu York Grain and Produce.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE — Steers, 889c; Cows and Heifers,
7@8c; thin Cows, 4§5c per pound.
CALVES — »S5%c per pound (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3%@3%c; Ewes, 3Q3&C
per pound (gross weight).
LAMBS — $2 75®3 per head.
HOGS — Live Hogs, 150 to 250 lbs. 5T*c; under
150 lbs 5%®6 l <ic; Sows, 20 per cent off: Boars.
50 per cent off, and Stags, 40 per cent off from
above quotations.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — tf&Ic for Steers and 5®6%c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large, 6%@8c; small. S^lOc per
pound.
MUTTON— "Wethers, 7U«g'8c; Ewes, 7®7%c
per pound.
LAMB— 9@10c per pound.
PORK — Dressed Hogs, 8Vi69V4c per pound.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
While there is no r**! change in the quota
tions for Hogs, local packers report occasional
sales of choice large Hogs at 6c. Supplies of all
kinds of live stock are sufficient for the de
mand, but cars wherewith to transport them
to market are reported more or less scarce.
Beef, Veal and Mutton remain about as be
fore.
DRESSED MEATS.
Meat Market.
Local trade in fresh fruits was quiet and
prices of most descriptions stood as previ
ously quoted. There was no shipping to near
by points, but there was a steady demand for
faficy Apples and Pears for shipment to Hono
lulu on the steamer Ventura, out to-morrow.
Three cars of fancy Apples were shipped from
Watsonvllle for that purpose. The market was
overloaded with cheap . Apples, which moved
elowly at unsteady prices. Supplies of table
Grapes continued excessive and prices wero
unsteady, except for choice 'Muscat In large
boxes, which were in. small supply and cleaned
up well at tbs maximum quotations. Wine
Grapes too, were easy, receipts being heavy
and the carry-over from the preceding day
large. Stocks of Peaches were light and prices
were a little firmer, but the demand was slack.
The other tree fruits stood about as previously
quoted. Cantaloupes and Nutmeg Melons ar
rived freely and moved slowly, no reasonable
offer being refused for the general run of sup
plies Watermelons were, in fair request and
steady. There were no ' changes in Berries.
The canners • were still buylnc surplus stocks
of Raspberries at the minimum quotation,
while poor quality offerings of large Strawber
ries cleaned up to the peddlers at the inside
quotations. .
Prices of Citrus fruits had no noteworthy
change. There was- 8 fair inquiry for Oranges
for shipment to Honolulu, but .supplies were
sufficient for requirements and prices were un
changed.
STRAWBERRIES— $4®6 per chest for Long
worths and $1 50®4 for the large varieties.
RASPBERRIES— $3 50«t5 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— «®8c per lb.
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod. $8 5OSO per
bbl; Coos Bay, $2 50@3 per box.
•¦- APPLES — $1®1 25 per box for fancy, 50©
85c for good .' to choice and 25® 10c for com-
PEARS— Bartletts, $101 60; winter varie
ties, 60©.75c per box for common and $1@1 25
for Winter Nellis.
QUINCES — 3ifc50e per box.
FIGS — Black, 50&75c for double layers, 309
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Butter continues very weak, and anything
over 28c must be especially choice and then
sold in small lots. No round lots will bring
over this figure. Most houses are overstocked
and offering their goods everywhere at conces
sions to sell them.
Fine mild Cheese Is doing better, but the.
medium and lower grades do not budge from
previous quotations. There is plenty of low
grade Cheese still on the market readily pur
chasable at lie. This Includes large lines from
Oregon.
Ranch Eggs are in light supply and firm,
and sales at the tOD quotation are reported by
a number of houses. They are in light stock,
with email receipts. The public are still run
ning on cold-storage and Eastern, for there are
not enough fine ranch to go around.
Receipts were 39,500 lbs Butter, 618 cases
Errs and 10,800 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery. 27ff28c /or extras and
26c for seconds; dairy. 21®24c; store Butter.
17%@19c; cold storage, 24@25c; Eastern, 22@
2tc per lb.
CHEESE — 13@13%c for choice mild new,
12%c for the general run and Il@12c for low
er grades. Young America, 13%@14c; Eastern.
15ffl6c: Western, l-l@15c per lb.
EGGS — Ranch, 4lc for large white selected
and 35(g"4Oc for fair to choice; store, 25<@27%c;
cold storage, 25<228c; Eastern, 21@2Sc per
dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
POULTRY — Live Turkeys. 20<g22c per lb for
young and 14'317c for old; Geese, per pair.
$1 50S1 75: Gosltnjrs, $2; Ducks, $5®6 per
dozen for old and $5 50®t5 50 for young; Hens,
$5<S« for large and $4 50@5 50 for small;
young Roosters. $4 50<f?5; old Roosters. $4 50®
6; Fryers. $4S?4 50; Broilers, $3 25<Q3 50 for
large and $2 75®'3 for small; Pigeons. $1 25®
1 50 per dozen for old and $1 75@2 25 for
Squabs.
GAME — Rabbits. $1 75 per dozen for Cotton
tail, $1 25 for brush; Hare. $1®1 25 per
dozen; Wild Doves, $1 25 per dozen; English
Snipe. $3@3 CO per d#zen; Gray Geese, $4 60
per dozen. _____
There were liberal receipts of Game and the
market ruled steady. Snipe and Gray Geese
were offering again.
Another car of Western Poultry was on sale,
making the fourth for the current week. There
were liberal receipts of local stock and the
market had an easy tone. Youn? stock, par
ticularly young Roosters, was dull, while large
old stock was In brisk demand and steady,
with flomo fine larce old Hens selling above
the quotations. Squabs and Spring Turkeys
were In good request and there was a steady
Inquiry for youns Ducks.
Poultry and Game.
Stock and Bond Exchange.
______ V
TUESDAY, Oct. 6—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS
BM.Ask.: Bid.Ask.
4s qr coup... — — jJs or c (new) — —
4s qr reff ... — — '»s qr coup... — —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5a. — — Do 53 — 112ti
Bay CPC fcUOUii — Do con 5.*. 103 —
l^al C G 5s lOTH — O W C g 5s>. — —
Cal G & E s Oceanic S 53. 75 —
m & et 5*. — 102^4 Om C R 69. — 122?4
Cal-st 53 ... — — iPac Q Im 4s. — —
C C Wat 5s. — 102 IP E Ry 5»..109T4U0?i
E L & P 6s.l25 130 P * C II 69. — —
F & C H «.*. — — P & O R Cs. — —
Geary-st 5s.. 40 00 Powel-st t>». — H*
H C & S 5Ssl01 — S E G&R 53. — 103
H C & S 5s. 98 T g — SF & SJV5j.liemi7ti
Hon n T 6B.106 10S S R of C «s.112' 3 —
L A Elec 5s. — 105 9 P of A Cs
I, A Ry 5s.. Ill 114 <lB0!D-,...in..% —
L A L Co «;a — — (1910) 108% —
Do gtd 6*. — — 3 P of C 0s
Do gtd 53.102 — (19O.-i)Sr A.101V«103
LAP lem 5.*. 99 — (19«5)Sr B.102% —
Mkt-st C h'a.llS — H9rt«> 104% —
Do lem 5s. — 117 (1912) — —
NRR of C »islO7%H« SPC 1 c«r 5r. — 119
NRC of C 5* — 11« Do stmpd.108 —
N P C R 5s. — lOSH S P B R 6s. — 135
N C R 53.. — 113 S V Wat «s.lO5$i —
j; CPC 53.100 101 Do 4s 2dm. — 100%
N S R 5s... 1C0 — Do 4» 3dm. 90^4 —
O G L H 5s. — — Stkn G&E «s 98 —
O T Co f<8.. — 121 I* G & K 5s. — —
WATER STOCKS.
Tontra Costa — 51 Pp V W W. 83 84
Marin Co ... 61 — l=p V W Co. — 42
?ort Costa... — —
GAS AND F-LECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 3% — i-ae E G A R. — —
Enutt Gas .. 4% 5S S F O & E. 6«% —
Mutual E L. 12'i 13 S F Gas...^ 3 —
Pac G Imp. . 52% 54 Stock G & E 5 —
Pac Lighting 55»i — It; O & E — —
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
B F G & E.. 66% — /
INSURANCE.
FlrenVs Fnd.325 — »
BANK STOCKS.
Am Nat Bk. — 127 ILP&A....— 1«7%i
Anglo-Cal .. — — 'Mer Trust .. — 250
Bank of Cal.4,S0 500 Merch Ex . . — —
Cal Safe Dp. — — S F Nation!. — —
First Natlonl — — I
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.. — — 'Sav & L Soc. 95 —
Hum S & L. — — 1 Sec Sav Bk..40O —
i Mutual Sav.. — — Union T Co. . — —
! S F Sav U..60O 700 I
i STREET RAILROADS.
1 California ..197%205 IPresidlo .... — 41
Geary — — I
POWDER.
Giant «3tt 6fi /Vigorit — 5
SUGAR.
Hana P Co.. C<V- 3t;c Kilauea S C. 4 «
Hawaiian C. 45% 47 Makawetl C. 21 22
Honokaa S C 13 U% Onomea S C. 32% S3«
f Hutch S PC 11T4 12% Paauhau S C — U^»
MISCELL<\NEX>US.
; Alaska Pack.l55%lCC [Oceanic S C. — T
Cal Fruit As. 94 — Pac A F A.. — —
j Cal Wine As. — 97VilPac C Borax.167. — ; ,
, Morning Session.
! Board- ' i^^v
10 Spring Valley Water K! 50
30 Giant Powder 65 73 '
15 Alaska Packers' Association ....155 75
$9000 S P of Arizona (1910) 108 5O
Afternoon Session.
Beard —
2S Bank of California 495 00
30 S F Gas & Electric «7 CO
70 Onomea S P Co 32 «2»i
75 Onomea S P Co Z2 75
15 Onomea S P Co 32 50
217 Hutchlnson S P Co 12 OO
$7000 S P con 5s 117 75
$18.fX>O S P stamped 10» 2v
$3000 Hawaiian 5s 99 CO
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stocks — Bid. Asked.
Alma 1 W> 1 *>
Apollo 40
Associated Trust Cert 20 23
Aztec 80 ......
California Standard 11 12
Caribou 100 110.-_
Central Point Cen 65 ......
Chicago Crude 21 .....
Claremont 24
Esperanza 1 25 1 30
Four 6S 69
Fulton 3 00 .....
Giant 20
Hanford 148 00
Home 1 «2% 1 05
Imperial IS 0»> '
Independence IT 18
Junction 20
Kern « SCO
Kern River 11 00 15 00
Lion '. C'J 04
Monarch of Arizona 50 ft.1
Monte Crlsta 70 77**
Occidental of W Va 17 19
Oil City Petroleum 20 SO
Peerless 13 50 14 00
PitUburg 25 .....
Stock— Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 23,300 63% G2»; «3v;
Atchison pfd g3-4
Baltlmor* & Ohio.. 21.200 74% 73% 74
Hal; & Ohio pfd 86'^
Canadian Pacific... 500 120% 120^4 ]20%
Cent of New Jersey 150
Ches Sc Ohio 2.200 30^ 294 30V&
Chicago & Alton.. 400 21*4 21 % 21 ft
Chgo & Alt pfd 200 62 61 £ 61 "4
Chgo & <» Westn... 600 15Vi 15 15%
C & O W. B pfd 27
Chgo & NorUiwstn. 100 157 157 15C£
Chgo Term &. Trn £',4
Chgo T & T ufd 17
C. C, C it St Louis 69^
Cclo Southern 100 12% 12=4 12S4
OjIo So t« pfd 49
Colo Ko 2d I'M 100 20H 20^ 20
Del A Hudson 100 163% 153U 153
D*l, Lack & W 234
Denver *¦. Rio Gr.. lW 20',4 2014 20
D & R G ptd 200 C9»4 69»4 69!/j
Erie 30.000 28 2flG 27%
Krle 1st pfd !.<*» ««% «5% G0'4
Krlc 2<1 pfd 1.400 4S 47>4 47=4
Crrnt Nor pfd 160
i Muckinc Valley 500 71% 70>,£ 71
Hocking Val pfd • 78
Illinois Central 700 130 12UH 129%
Io»a Central IS 1^
I'jwi Omtral pfd 35
Uan« City foouthtrn 19
Kans City So pfd.. 200 34 34 33%
LculkvI^Jt Nash... 2.S0O 6SV4 »7^ »8
Man:»attSi Elev:.. 700 131 130V. 130%
Mrtronolita.1 St Ry 700 1O5V4 104 14 105
Idlnn & Zt Louis •• 42
Missouri Pat inc.. 8.400 89% 88% S6%
Mo, Kann & Tex •••¦ \~
Mo. Kans & T pfd. 800 35% 35% 35
S'Y'cent^ 'A'" Sic* lift H5% «58
Norfo:k & Westn.. 1.100 58 67% 58
Nor it West pfd... 88
Ontario & Westn.'. 900 1 20% 20% 20%
Pennsylvania ..... 3C.«00 H8% H** 1^
BSS^.^&iii »U: a* «8
Reading 1st pfd •¦•• •*%
Reading 2d pfd •••• <>?
Rock -Island no.... 7,900 25% 24% 24!4
Rock Island Co pfd 200 60 68% 59>
Kt Utiif* S K.... # j™
It' LI- S F2d ¦?"¦ "400 46% 4VA 46%
St Louis Sowrstn.. 200 ¦ 15 , J4 13
St L «owe«tn pfd.. 200 31 30% 31
St Paul 17,900 137 135% 13fjv*
Et Paul pfd.... •••• l«°»i
Southern Pacific... 6.900 41% 41H 41%
Southern Railway.. 1»,500 18ft 18% 18%
Southern Ry pfd... 000 76% <CV4 £H
Texas * Pacific-.. 700 23% 22V -J
NEW YORK, Oct. 6.— To-day's stock mar
ket lay rractically in a lethargy, pending the
t-ction of the L'nited States Steel directors on
the common Ftock dividend. This actioa had
r.ot been decided up to the close of the market,
und the repressive influence of the suspense,
accordingly, was not removed. Dealings were
tne smallest for many week?, and, small aa
thej- were, a large proportion of the whole. waji
fcbfciTbed liy thf I'nited f<ui:.£s Stt'el. »ccunu«,
w hlch were- the only stocks in which the un
certainty over 'the dividend action was made
the occasion for speculative price movement to
any extent. This is largely due to the fact
that r\e financial world has been in great
doubt over what the effect would be ot the
dividend action. Whether the passing or reduc
tion or the dividend could result in any further
Jail in urice of the company's securities had
been much questioned. The conservation of
the surplus, it is now believed, would have
held the market i>rlce of the securities better
than the distribution of dividends on the com
mon stock, which has proved utterly unavail
ing to hold the market. The sharp advance
in the preferred stock this afternoon of more
than two points, when the common stock was
but elishtly affected, ras due to the party
that was in doubt ov* the conslderatkn of
the dividend, and which believed that tne ad
ditional security for the preferred by the re
tention of the mr: his in the treasury would
result in hirher prices. Outside of the Steal
stocks the market was exceedingly narrow and
the movements insignificant. Only a handful
of storks got as much as a point away Irom
last nijfht. and extreme movements were not
maintained in any place. The early movement
was downward, and London assisted in this
tendency to some extent on account of the un
settled opinion in the stock market from the
British Cabinet changes. Some selling was re
ported to be for Western account, and may nave
been associated with the reports of deterioration
of the wheat yield in one or two of the Western
States, which al*o caused a firm tone in the
wheat market. The Government's weekly re
port on corn was considered highly satisfac
tory, but the report on cotton was felt to
leave a good deal to be desired. There was no
pressure .of liquidation at any point, and the
market rallied in sympathy with the late up
ward movement In United States Steel prefer
red. The full recovery was not held, but the
closing was steady and Ehowcd very slight net
changes aa a rule. The time money market
seems to be growing softer, and appTehen-
Fion cf any real stringency has been/pretty
well dissipated. The large movement*of gold
toward London and the cessation of Berlin de
mands for gold seem to assure the prospects
for that center. The lateness of the crops
does not seem fully to account for tho long
payment of demand for currency, and the be
lief Is gaining force that the deposit of Gov
ernment funds with Western banks has sup
plied a sufficient proportion of the usual d«
mard to relax the pressure on New York de
cidedly.
The market for bonds was %*ry dull and
nl-out steady. Total sales, par value. $2,643,000.
Tnlted States 3e declined V4 and the old 4s
',2 r*r cent on the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO Oct. tL— CATTLE — Receipts. 7000.
Texans, steady; sOTd to prime steers, $5 3OQC;
poor to medium, $3 65®4 90; : Btockers and feed
ers $2 250/4 15; cows, H 40S4 25; heifers, $2®
5;' canners. Jl 40fe«2 50; bulls, $2^4 30; calves.
$3 5CH57 2:>: Texas fed steers, $2 75<3 l 3 00;
Western steers. $3©4 50. ,.-.. .
HOGS— Receipts: To-day, 10.000; to-morrow. •
22 000 10c lower. Mixed and butchers, $5 60
toO 40- (rood to choice heavy, ?5 65@<5; rough .
heavy' ?5 20!&5 «0; light, $5 8O3« 30; bulk of |
sales. $5 COgf 5 95. j
SHEEP— Receipts. 30,000. Sheep, steady; I
lambs lower. Good to choice wethers, $3 35^
6 45; fair to choice mixed. $2 25@3 25; West
ern sheep |2 25@4 35: i-ative lambs. $3 50®
5 S5; Western lambs, $4 40@5 40.
ST. JOSEPH. -".
ST. JOSEPH. Oct. «. — CATTLE — Receipts. J
8221 Steady. Natives, $¦"! 75<g5 50; cows and"
heifers, $1 50^4 90; stockers and feeders, $2 75 ;
HOGS— Receipts, 4739. Steady. Light. $5 C5 ;
©0 05; medium and heavy, |5 40@5 85.
SHEEP — Receipts, 4875. Active and steady, i
; Top native lambs, $5 40; wethers, |4; ewes,
$3 50.
• Boston Wool Market.
;
BOSTON, Oct 6.— The wool market con
tinues quiet though some improvement is
noted and there Is a fair amount of wool sell-
Ing In moderate sized lots. Prices are firm,
as dealers can see no reason why they should
sacrifice the wool they have on hand when it
cannot be replaced at the same price. Quota-
Territory— Idaho fine. 14@15c; fine medium 1 ,
16017c; medium. 18%®19c; Utah and Nevada,
fine 15@l6c; fine- medium. 17 %c. Montana —
Fine choice, 20(g21c; fine medium choice, 19®
20c; staple. 20@21c; medium choice, 20<g'21c;
low' 18@20c.
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST LOl'IS Oct. 6. — Wool, steady; medium
grades. 16@21c; light fine. 15ff"V4c; heavy
fine. 12i314 V6c; tub- washed, 20@30c.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE. Oct. 6.— Clearings. $833,697; bal-
TACOMA. Oct. 6. — Clearings, $321,003; bal
"^PCJRTLANE). Oct. 6.— Clearances. $622,098;
ba sF n 0 C KANE.- 3 0 9 ct. C.-Cleartngs. $419,636; bal
ances, $54,330.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Oct. 6. — WHEAT— Walla Wal
la, 73c; blue stem. 77c; valley, 76@77c.
The market continues dull all around. Th»
only variations worthy of mention yesterday
were an improvement in Onomea Sugar at
$:!2 50^32 75. and lower quotations for Home
Oil at $1 05-31 15.
Oil dividends now being paid are: Bear
Flag, 7c per share, amounting to $7042. payabl •
at once; Imperial, regular monthly. 20c per
share, amounting to $lt>.000. payable October
6- Thirty-three regalar monthly. l'">c per share,
amounting to $10,000. payable October 6.
The Occidental Consolidated 1 Mining Company
has levied an assessment of 5 cents per shar*.
delinquent November 6.
Lf>cal Hop dealers are quoting a quieter and
easier market, with more sellers than buyers,
and the latter holding off. .
, Hides have shown no change worthy of note
lor some time, the market being easy, with
not much activity.
Fall Wools are coming in freely now, but
are not being taken very briskly, though,
since the settlement of the rtrike, everything
In the trade is going alon< as usual again.
The feelimr Is reported weaker.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about l^c under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steer!". 9=}4c; medium, S?4c; light. 8c; Cow
Hides. 8c for heavy and 8c for light; Stags,
6c; Salted Kip, 814c; Salted Veal. 9>Ac;
Salted Calf, 10c; dry Hides. 15<gl5^c; dry Kip.
13c; dry Calf, 17c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 25@
30c each; short wool, 40®5oc each; medium. 7i>
SyOOc; long wool. ?l(iil 5O each: Horse Hides,
salt, $2 75 for large and $2Q2 50 for medium.
$1 25(gl 75 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry, $1 75 for large and $1 50 for me
dium, ?1@1 25 for email and 50c for Colts.
Buck Skins— Dry Mexican. 32%c; dry salted
Mexican, 26c; dry Central .American, 32^c.
Goat Skins — Prime Angoras. 75c; large and
smooth. 5(>c: medium, 35c; small, 20c.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 4iiS4?4c per lb;
No. 2, 484>.ic: grease. 2»£©3c.
WOOL — Fall clip— San Joaquln Lambs', 9@
12c; Foothill. 10@12c; Middle County, ll@13e.
Quotations for spring clip are as follows:
Humboldt and Mendocino, 18§2Oc; Nevada. 13
@15c; Valley Oregon, fine. 18-S19c; do medium.
17@18c; do. coarse. 16@17c per lb.
HOPS — 22@25c per lb for California and 20
®25c for Orecon.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river. 5(Kt
75c per ctl; Salinas BurbankB. $1 25@1 40 per
ctl; Oregon Burbanks, SOfg'JOc per ctl; River
Reds. S0t@90e per ctl; Sweet Potatoes, $1 35®
1 50 per ctl. ,
ONIONS— 50i?<55c per ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green Corn. 75et?$l 25 per
pack; Green Peas, 2@3c per lb; String Beans,
]>ii@2'4c per lb; Wax. 2®2^c: Lima Beans.
2%e3%c per lb; Tomatoes, 25#4Oe per box;
Summer Squash, 3r«@4Oc per box; Cabbage, «50e
per ctl; Carrots, 75c per sack: Cucumbers, 35*0
40c per box: Pickle Cucumbers. 3<g>3V4c for
No. 1 and l@2V4o per lb for others; Garlic.
2g3e per lb; Green Peppers. 30>340c per box for
Chile and 40tf?50c for Bell; Green Okra, 35^
50c per box; Egsr Plant, 30?T5Oc per box; Mar
rowfat Squash, $10@12 per ton.
The Potato market Is weak except for strict
ly fancy Salinas Burbanks, which are in fair
request for local consumption. The daily re
ceipts of river Burbanks continue too heavy
for the market to absorb and stocks are steadily
accumulating. Sweet Pctatoes are arriving
freely and meet with a good demand at fair
prices. A carload arrived from Merced yes
terday and cleaned up quickly at the top rate,
while carried-over stock was rather dull at
the Inside quotation. Fancy Onions are a little
firmer under continued light receipts, but low
grade offerings are plentiful and dull.
There were heavy receipts of Tomatoes, a
large portion of which had been two days In
transit, and the market was weak at lower
prices. The canners were not In the market
and there was quite a large quantity unsold
at the close. Strlnp Beans were plentiful and
easy, while Wax and Lima were In small sup
ply and steady. The other vegetables were in
free supply and prices were without quotable
change.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
NEW YORK Oct 6. — Special cable and tele
graphic advices to Bradstreet'B this week
show the foUowing changes in available sup
plies as compared with last accounts :
Wheat— United States and Canada, ea»t of
the Rockies increase. 4.028,000 bushels; afloat
for and in Europe, increase. 8.900.000 bushels;
total supply increased 12.92S.000 bushels
Corn _V;nited States and Canada, east of the
Rockies Increase 1.298.000 bushels.
Oats— United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, Increa&e, 43.000 bushels.
The downward tendency in Beans continues,
and some descriptions are etlll lower, as will
be Been. The market Is quite weak, and the
demand Is slack, as usual on a falling market,
while receipts are liberal. There Is nothing
new in Seeds, the market being dull.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 50@2 70; Pea, $3 25;
Butters nominal; small White, f3@3 25; large
White. >2 50® 2 CO; Pink. $2 50; Red. ?2 9OS-:?;
Lima. $3 35#3 50; Red Kidneys, $4 50; Black
eye, ?2 5(l@2 75 per ctl; Horse Beans. ?1 40@
1 50.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow,
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $1 70(fSl $0; Canary,
DiSS^c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape,
l%i<S2^4c: Timothy, 6<g<H4c; Hemp, 3<4©<»4c
per lb; Millet, S®3Hc; Broom Corn Seed, $200
23 per ton.
DRIED PEAS — Green. $1 80Q2 per ctl.
. Beans and Seeds.
Articles— Receipts. ShlpmenU.
Flour barrels i 5 - 500 10 - 4C0
Wheat. b bulhels g ™ft™
SJT-taSriir —:::::::::3.t9S) Zll:im
Oats. Duaneis ,'.„. r tuiit
Rye. bUBhels J.«{« . '•«[»
BarW. bushels M-™> 4 - 600
" On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
m^-w-t was weak Creameries. 15@20c; Dai-
H^Wl8V4c Cheese firm. U«fH%e. Kggs,
easy; t? mark, caaes Included. 18@19c. ,
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
WheSIt— 62T4 6 3%
::::::::::::::'' «*% e 3%
PARIS.
_. hi .- t Oct. Jan,-Apl.
8^I^.---v:::::::::iilo |||
Fl°"r- 3000 2845
asSn?.::::::::::"" jux* 2335
Visible Grain Supply.
Weather Report
jp of .ais'.r.s will \,t light. I^truc quanti
¦% of rnspts are boinR rhipped to Kastern
»rkcts. ar.d the irtaertei are running to their
; ' .11 capacity. Prun» <?r>!ng is completed in
'na«.i> !o-»:!t!es. Orangea are developing rap
li"!j- cr.A a:e catering in the I'orterville dls
trlri where H ik expected to begin shipping
mbotit i*»e 23th. Large gjqwttt|«a or potatoes
are b^ing harie^tru In San Joaquin County.
Simla iosvir.s; op Mraowr fallow has com
.. r.'.fd in - i;o:i:e pl«cf-». Dry feed is scarce.
, "•• • kTi.-U i« ?iea'.tfr>- and in sooJ condition.
VfoOCTIfSHN CALIFOBKIA — Generally
JKiy nnd cool weather prevailed most of
¦ ''iif.krrclt and i!ir>ii rain *ei! in home pectlonn.
»>i>r-c ioniaKe t'-'-z be<ii (Jor.e to b»-ens and un
v>rwre--t»a- irrsln an'J h»y by the recent rain*.
?,•:• :'?\imi>ie warnings were jjiven thore was
„ . material :n'urj- to raifln«. Fruit drying
Ar.4 ri'.r'.u making are progressir.g r\uv,-]y and
ficarzii ,r.n..r v. - eit:Jirr Is needed. The raisin
t tup will i>e Urt,c and of fc-perior nuul'.ty.
i (KSVM aw in cxce'Ieut <5OJKl!tlon. Walnut
« '.lokif.-fr ik j r.jr resting; the nut* are of very
.rood <ju«;:!y ijtit the jJelfi is ilgtlt. Beans
* wid *-^»;ir l#. -La are bclr.g harvested. Late
-wnslots rr; 'r.'r.n well.
CC/tCSA r! M MAP. Y— Rain I* needed to
tart t\;c Ijrees, r.j cattle are in poor condl
aa. A^'.'i" pU kins «nd potato diggirg are in
• ocre^k- Several tons of i-ejs raltse/1 in the
ashJijr *vt AJt»t* wm-» recently shipped to
. »n I'V" aaci -* 0 - ftr.ncrs arc Bowing whi
s»r. t-ite. ; .-- .
LOS 'ANOELES :-' MMAP.T— Gmin thresh
•X I* l*fl*rty f-j-.i^r^; a good crop. Bean
r 1 ,refV.!r.E.iii f«l'i bradiray; gooC yield. La«t
¦ «k'« rala <*i>cke4 mi'.t .Jrylng. and «om«
unfs r.io'.'i*^. P'Achu ar«» tautl!" gathered.
-oLa.t'j*' icoi; vt:\.
«?et*^ t»i"n^e of the late fruits are still on
be tr»^s arid rit>ening Flowly. but the greater
' f< oT tfie crop ha» been secured. Citrus
W> enptinae in good condition. Seeding of
kiTSater* fa'.iow has commenced in some places.
ra:i:.* i.ay and hops are under cover.
• •roAST AND IJAY SECTIONS— The weather
»> K»-nera!!y cool and cloudy during the week.
.'glit raiti fell in some section*, but no furious
«m^:' • resulted. Heavy fr>st !» reported In
.e_ i>'.w!«tidg mar L"kiah. Nearly all decidu-
Cu fruits Jiave been Katht-red and most of
he crop secured. I'rurK* are still on the
¦rays.Jn" tor.w- places and drying is rrogress
.ig. tJiar* harvest will not be 'completed
ntil ali'mt th* 15th; the yield is reported
arce and the fruit of unusually jrood quality.
". report from the Kanta tMara Valley states
• prunes, j-earhes and arrU-ot« are of eu
erior. <!ua.lity and pears poor; the yield of
eacbea ma& pears is light, prune* and apricots
cr:-5dcrab!y below last year'* crop. The ap»
¦1e ct«i». in Kan Benito County if large, but
*ihe quality «jf the fruit is b*-low average.
V'.j.iriUtfc in SnnaTDi County are dropping bad
ly ««d the yield will be liirht. Hean harvest
if r.-ttlj completed. Hops are all gathered
id taling iB prOBrefsiriK.
SAN J<>AQt.*IN VALLKY — Partly cloudy and
A w>ather prevailed during the w*ek. and
liglu (bower fell in most sections Thursday
rooming. l>ut caused no damage to drying
frait. .The weather retarded raisin and
'•un<i cum;? t t > some extent. A large portion
the first crop at ral«=;ns if cured tr.d belnj:
>veO tu 'ihtt packing housfi. Tb<! Feccnd
rc;i 'js being picked and wat to the wineries;
>,'-.• crop* are roj-orted large and of Kood
SbIKje. l'rurups are drying slowly, and the
i'l ; in toir.o *eeticru> Is lighter . than exp-
¦ »rn fttddas and potato dipginK are progress
11. SffOng fimiai'-T fallowed lands has
msxmgeced m ?ome j;la' N es
6ACRAUESTO VALLEY— Cool. cloudy
ra'hf-r .rrtvai!c>d during the w»-»-k and light
n>viVr« fell in some sections. -Conditions were
narwbftt -unfavorable for fruit drying and
f.r'.n makir.p. hut r.o serious damage was
toe by the rain. The first crop of grapes
n ¦-'¦eB neaj!y all gathtrt-d. and the tecond
• :it rair* sr-J t!.e cloudy weather has been
- orab!e lor curing; the croj» will be about
¦*«'SPt. .-'ugar b<tts sirv yWLf.ng a good crop.
'. '\ln <3ist»ict ar.J tally Phipmcnts are proba-
K«. are cf good quality, but the
•i«-!d.U Ulfrt.
BcsilM wire Flightly damaged by the rc-
*v« commenced coloring in the I'oHer
The* impUjr report of A. G. McAd!*, sec
ion . dlrertor of the rlimate and crop ser\ire
f ,tRe. \\>athfr Boreaa, i(= a> folio* s:
GENEKAI. SUMMARY.
Cool and ctottdjr -ut-ajht-r prevailed throu^h
.i- i.'.e t^Tstr most ¦<: th*- week and light rain
r.' :rf nearly nil K-.-rlons. H*avy frosts oc
curred ¦ n.T.'if- i<.w:ar.-is to portion* of Mendo
cino <"our.ty.
A? ami^Jc warninirs were given, there was
, at slight Injury to raisins and deciduous
*'uit» r.y th»; rain, but Utc? grapet- were some
• hat diraac.' 1 .. The Rrc^t troj> of raisins is
p»ar:y h:: HCUied unJ the Mfixind crop is be
ir^ rapidiy trath»red. With a few days at
near, wsrrr. woathir the raiein anj ftmit
crofm will a.:i b« daftly housed. The grape
nap it Bmieoally heevy in many sections and
the 'grti; "-s hhvf. -a hi£b percentage of sugar.
Ulseries fir.- rttrsnir.jr at tvU cJtpafity and
tbe prodact is ¦re i KTrtM very pftistuimr'. I-ate
XTPonm from The Santa C:ara Valley indicate
'?*• th - peausw > .yu'jut of deciduous fruits is
c<ii..= : r-orabjy below th«t of last year but the
iuu.;ty o r nearly all varieties is much better
lien .usual In other districts large crops
f.a-.e Uton (fathered and the fruit is also of
¦VPerwr v»!:y, .. Pruiw ( «« nilt on the
W.- In < %BtcU{?¦.^'; tb> fruit is of <x -
<<l!-:.t MtUtjr. b::t tr.e yhld »n eome r^ces
uCAIe r >thAn nii*a<d. A large <rop of-ap
• '''?„!< l>ei:i.s eath-n-d. but itw fruit rms be. n
•l*?5j.*hat >:&:um^ai |yr <-oti;!rig math. X>ranges
¦>"¦ ::'• K«c»i C"ir.'l:t!<<n and d«v»-ioping . rapidly; '
The Weather and Crops.
Th*' foi lowing wsil prirrf for meats are
quoted by the Retail Hutfbers' Protective As
sociation :
"BEEFt—Prime Rojfi, lSgiSo; Porterhous«
-r.hkj l^S^S'sr; Tenderloin Steak, 15*jl*e:
sirloin Si^ek. 12VU.V; Top Round Steak.
li"%o; lif.ci ?teu-. l<n ; «',, rn ed Beef, 6$10r;
>'M> !\>><f. 4c; fcoi'.p Meat. T.^Kic.
¦VKAL— I#in Rt-aFT. V.^w, ,-houl<>r Roast,
461k; ''ho;.E ar.d <;utlet», 15fi2oc; Stew.
*^air..-.
'M\ TT'ON — L*p, 12^frl5c: Forequartrr. 8&
¦ «c: !?tew. HSjluc: Prime Ch-p*. 12'~^1>><-.
LAMB-Ug. 20c; Foreqa*rter. L2%C13e:
Hir.dguarter. 3 *vSi kt ; Shoulder lioaet." lOfi
l^'v<-: Chop*, 155 lSc.
Pf'HK— Hrjast. l2%018ci Chors. 15© 18c.
Thr«e jirirrg do not cover the c!i*«ti.»r pradef.
• s it it in-.!.. ?s!ble ta quote regular prices on
. tin.
'Retail Meat Prices.
Mt. Tama'.pais.29.96 66 60 NW Clear .00
North Head.. .30.16 68 .. S Pt.Cldy .12
Phoenix 29.74 Mi 66 NW Clear .(>• i
Pocstello 29.92 f>2 46 SW Clear .10!
Portland 30.14 64 50 N . Pt.Cldy .28:
Polm Rena. .'.29.88 5* f>4 NW Clear .00
Red Btuff 29.92 7S 58 N Clear .00
ftcsrhurjt :{0.1»5 »"2 5O, NW Oear .06
Sacramento . .29.*>6 SO ."2 NW riear .0O
Palt Lake 29.90 O> 48 NW Pt.Cldy Tr.
Fan Francisco. 29.94 Crt 56 W Clear .00
8. L. Obispo.. 29.84 84 64 N Clear .00
San Diego 29.82 70 5S SW Pt.Cldy .00
Seattle .10.10 62 48 S Pt.Cldy .04
F-jv.kane \29.»4 5S 42 W riear .06
Walla Walla.. 29.'.»4- 64 4S SW Pt.Cldy .Ofl
Winnerr.ucca ..2fl.94 «4 SO N tiear Tr.
Tumi 29.70 J<2 56 SW Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen flowly over Cali
fornia and has risen over Washington and
Oregon. Scattered showers have occurred In
Washington and Northern Oregon, but else
where the weather has been fair. In the great
valley of California afternoon temperatures
have reached 80 degrees. Brisk north winds
are blowing along the northern coast of Cali
fornia.
I Forecast rr.ad* at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending mUnlght, October 7. 19<XJ:
Northern California — Fair Wednesday; fresh
northerly winds.
Southern California — Cloudy Wednesday!
fresh FouthweMerly winds.
Nevada — Fair Wednesday: cooler.
Pan Francisco and vicinity — Fair Wednes
day; light north winds, changing to brisk west
erly. A. G. McADIE,
, District Forecaster.
Tills market continues quiet at the changes
in Bacon and Lard noted yesterday. The other
descriptions have not changed for gome time.
Wires from Chicago to Bolton, de Ruyter &
Co. yesterday said: "Market irregular, but in
the May prices a little easier. It Is still a
dull market in every way. Receipts of Hogs
continue liberal on the quality fine and de
mand poor. All the offerings of stuff are
strong at a material discount, and stocks
everywhere are liberal for the season of the
year, i We see nothing to make higher prices."
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12%c per lb for
heavy. 13c for light medium, 15c for light.
15 V*c for extra light, 18%c for sugar-cured and
19c for extra sugar-cured: Eastern sugar
cured Hams. lK%c®15%c; California Hams. 15
@15Hc; Mess Beef. $11 50 per bbl; extra Mess.
$12@12 50; Family. $13frl3 60; prime Mess
Pork. $19; extra clear, $25; Mess, $20; Dry
Salted Pork. 12%c; Pig Pork. $28; Pigs' Feet.
$5 25; Smoked Beef. 15c per lb. .
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7%c per lb for
compound and 9%c for pure: half barrels,
pure. 1014c; 10-lb tins, lie; 5-lb tins. 11 %c;
3-lb tins. 11 }Jc.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel, 9%c; three
half barrels,- 9%c; one tierce, 9%c; two tierces,
9%c; five tierces, 9%c per lb
Provisions.
Bran and Middlings rule firm. Some Kansas
Bran Is coming in, as will be seen in the list
of receipts. Prices show no change.
Hay continues firm et last week's advance,
with ample receipts and the average dally de
mand.
BRAN— $21'60<ff22 .10 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— J26 50(g28 per ton.
SHORTS— $21 50@22 60 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $24£25 per
•ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. ?26@26 50; Job
bing, $27®27 CO; Cocoanut Cake, $21@22; Corn
Meal. $32 50©33: Cracked Corn, $33®33 50;
Mixed Feed, $22 50®23 50; Horse Beans, $28S30
HAY— Wheat. $12 50@15 50. with sales of
extra choice at $16; Wheat and Oat. $12^15;
Oat, $12914; Wild Oat, 11^12; Barley, $10®
12 50; Stock, $10Q12; Alfalfa. $10 5O@12 per
ton.
STRAW— 40@60c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
The demand for these goods continues fair at
steady quotations aa a rule. - •'
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $4 60®
4 §5, usual terms; Baker3" Extras, $4 50®t CO:
Oregon and Washington, $3 90@4 20 per bbl
for family and $3 90@4 40 for Bakers'.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In packages are as
follows: Graham Flour, $3 25 per 10O lbs; Rye
Flour. $3 25; Rye Meal. $3; Rice Flour, $7;
Corn Meal. $3 25; extra cream do, $4; Oat
Groats, $4 50; Hominy, J4&4 25; Buckwheat
Flour, $4 50@4 75; Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Fa
rina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50: Rolled
Oats, bbls, $7 25@8 60: In sacks. $6 75@8 10;
Pearl Barley, $6: Split Peas, boxes. $7; Green
Peas, $5 50 per 1C0 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
qulot but steady: No 2 spring wheat. 81c;
No 3 79@S0c; No. 2 red "^J^- N°. 2
corn 44%<g45Vic: No. 2 yellow. 4b%c; No. 2
oats' 35%c; No 3 white. 35%@3Sc; No. 2 rye.
Me-' good feeding barley. 4O@41c; fair to
choice malting 46®C4c; No. 1 flaxseed, 95c;
VolKoStern «1 01; prime timothy seed.
$2 80; mess pork, per bbl. $11 30®U 42%; lard.
r.er 10O lbs $7 35; short ribs sides (loose),
$S 9009 15-'dry salted shoulders (boxed), $6 50
&^«hort clear sides (boxed) $8 75@9;
whisky basis of high wines. ?1 24; clover,
contract grade, $10 75©11.
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— , „„„, ¦ ,,
Dec new 76% 77% 76% 77V;
May ......... 77% 77% 77% 77%
O Sr N .°:. 2 :. 44% 44% 44% 44%
December 44% 45% 44% , 44%
May ..?: «U 44% 44 44%
Oc < ? 0 a ber N °:. 2 r. S5% 36 35% 35%
December 35% 3C% 35% 36%
May ..7: 36% 37% 36% 36%
Mess Pork, per barrel —
Ort otoer 1130
January 12 40 12 42% 12 35 12 35
MiTy . . . . . . • .... 12 50 12 50 1245 12 47 %
Lard, per 100 pounds—
October 7 45 7 45 7 42% 7 45
December t 80 6 80 6 80 6 80
JmSS ¦ . ...... 6 82% . 6 85 6 82% 6 82%
Short Ribs, per 100 P^nds—
October 9 20 9 20 9 15 9 15
Sary ' . . . . . . . * 57% 6 57% 6 55 6 65
The local trade continue to report a good,
steady demand for Fruits, Nuts and Raisins
at quotations which have ruled for some time,
with an occasional fluctuation here and there.
The feeling continues firm all along the line.
Honey continues quiet and unchanged.
NEW FRUIT — Apricots. 7®9%c for Royals
and Oft lie for Moorparks: Evaporated Apples.
4%Q6c; Buu-dried, 3%@4c; Peaches. 5<&7c;
Pears. C@10c; Nectarines, 4$5%c: Figs, whlfc,
4(g4%c in boxes; Plums, pitted, 5§8c per lb.
PRUNES— 11KW crop, 2%@3%c for the four
sizes.
RAISINS — Following are opening prices fr»e
on board to common shipping points: Imperial
clusters, $3 per 2O-lb box; Dehesa clusters.
$2 50: fancy clusters. $2: 3-crown London Lay
ers. $1 65; 2-crown London Layers, $1 45; 4
crown standard loose Muscatels, 6%f?7c per
lb; 3-crown standard loose Muscatels, 6^@
6%c; 2-crown standard Muscatels, M$6\if.
Seedless Muscatels, 5c; Seedless Muscatels,
floatt-d. 6»4c; Seedless standard Sultanas. Be;
Thompson .Seedless standard, Cc. The follow
ing quotations on seeded are for a limited
quantity only: Fancy. 16 ounces per lb. 7%e;
fancy, 12 ounces per package, 6%c; choice, 16
ounces per lb. 7%c; choice, 12 ounces per pack
age, 6}4c; fancy, bulk, per lb. 7%c; choice,
bulk, per lb, 7&c.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. 12%c; No.
2. 10%c; No. 1 hardshell. 12c: No. 2. 10c;.
Almonds, lie for Nonpareils. 10%c for I X L.
10'ic for Ne Plus Ultras and 8%c for Langue
doc; Peanuts, 6@?7c for Eastern; Pecans, 115a>
13c; Cocoanuts, $4 50^5.
HONEY— Comb, new, 12%©13%c for white
and Dttllc for amber; new water white ex
tracted, 5%@<5%c; light amb«r extracted, 5c;
dark. 3%@4%e.
BEESWAX— 27©29c.
Dried Fruits.Nuts, Raisins, Honey
y"l l SUMARY OF THE MARKETS.
\''K<f'<natcrial change in New York stocks.
<. • j Continued inactivity in local stocks and bonds.
- iSligJif fluctuations in Silzrr and Sterling Exchange.
.'ll'hcat Freights still lozv, with liarbor full of ships.
. Wheat quiet, with buyers indifferent and holding off.
¦ Parley. Oats and Rye about as before.
- # Western Corn loivcr under liberal arrivals.
¦ I icv and Feed stuffs firm at unchanged prices. ?
* B'r\jns continue to decline under large receipts.
c Butler heavily offered at declining prices.
Tine Cheese tinner, but lower grades still dragging.
C r KcV fresh Eggs advancing with light receipts.
>. t Dried JFruits, Xuts and Raisins firm and selling well.
' J'r','7-isions quiet, both here and in the West. ,
Ifqfs quoted easier with buvers holding off.
Buff hers and packers report insufficient cars to move livestock.
* \Ciontiniicd liberal receipts of Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
- and Game coming in freely.
" Fresji Fruits in ample supply and fair demand.
. -Hides easy and quiet. Wool arriving freely and rather weak.
- 'General decline in domestic Salt.
Bar silver, steady. 27%d per ounce. Money.
2$2% per cent. The rate of discount in the
open market for short bills is 3% per cent, and
for three month*" bills 4 per cent.
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Cons for money.89 7-1C N Y Central 121
Cons for acct.^.88 'J-Ki Norfolk 4; Westn. 59
Anaconda 3% Nor & Wiat i>Cd. !)(>«..
Atchison 65 Ontario & Westn. 21 hi
Atrhlson pfd .... 91 Pennsylvania .... 01
Halt & Ohio.:.... 76% Rand Mines 8%
Canadian Pacific. m% Reading 21U
Ches & Ohio :t0'i Reading 1st pfd.. 38
rhgo G Western. 16 Reading 2d pfd.. 31
Chgo. M & St P.139%;S->uthern Ry l->Vi
De Beers la-'^jto Ry pfd 80
Den\er & Rio Gr. 20% 'Southern Pacific.. 42%
D & R G pfd 72 Union Vacific 72>4
Erie 27% Un'.on Pac pfd... 88
Erie 1st pfd 67% U S Steel 17%
Erie 2d pfd 48% U S Sttel pfd.... 00
Illinois Central.. .133 Wabash 20%
LouIfvI & Nashv;.J00'/i Wabash pfd .... 30%
Mo, Kans & Tex. IS
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — jWeFtlnghse Com. 70
Call loans 4 <7?5, Mining —
Time loans 5H@'i Adv&nture 3%
Bonds — Allouez 4Ji
Atchison 4s 97% I Amalgamated 40%
Railroads— Daly West 40
Atchlson 63 Bingham 22
Atchlson pfd M% Calumet & HecIa.4J;0
Boston & Albany.2J6 Centennial' lb
BoFton& Maine. ltifj Cojiper Range 4DT4
nofton Elevated.. 136% Dominion Coal... 70
N Y. N II & H..194% Franklin 7%
Fitchburg pfd ...135% Isle Royale 6
I'nion Pacific ... 70Vi Mohawk 39
Mexican Central.. 11% Old Dominion 6%
Miscellaneous — Osceola 53
American Sugar. .111% Parrot 17%
Am Sugar pfd 117» 4 Qulncy 85
Am Tel & Tel... 127% Panta Fe Copper. 1%
Dom Iron & Steel 10 Tamarack 85
GeVieral Electric. 145 Trinity 5%
Mars Electric 19 United States 17%
Mass Elec pfd... 77% Utah 25
United Fruit S»5 Victoria 3
V S Steel 17»i Wlnona 7
U S Steel pfd 64% Wolverine 63
Hreece 12 Ophir lf>0
Brunswick Con.. O4 i Phoenix 07
Tomstock Tunnel <>«% Pctosl 24
Con Cal & Va...l 30 Ravage 26
Horn Silver 100 Bierra Nevada. .. fi«
Jron Silver 1 40 iSmall Hopes.... 20
l.eadvllle Con... 02 Standard 175
Do 3%s 9? Fenn conv 3%s. . . 95%
Gentral of Ga 5s.lO4%Re&ding gen 4s.. 95
Do 1st Inc m BtL & IM con 5s. 109%
fhes & Ohio 4%s.l01% HtL & SF fg 4s.. 80%
Thl & Alton 3%s. 72% St L SW lsts JU%
«', B & Q new 4«. 92 Seaboard A L 4s. 70
C M&St P gen 4s.l04% gouthrrn Pac 4s.. 85%
C & N W con 7s.l31V« Southern Ry 6s.. 112%
r, R I ft P HR 4s 70% Texas & Pae lsts.114%
«\R1&P RR col 5b 74 |T. StL & W 4«.. 6b%
<"CC & StL gen 4s 96 1'nlon Pacific 4s.. 100
fhi Term 4a. 74 ! Do conv 4s 93%
• •on Tobacoi 4s . . . 53% U S Steel 2d 5s.. 72%
«:olo & South 4f. 83%' Wabash lsts 113%
J>en & Rio G 4s. 9ftV Do deb B 54%
Erie prior lien 4s. 96% iW & L E 4s S6
do gen 4s 83 iWir.coneln Cen 4s. S9'i
Ft W & D C lsts.lttUi'C F & I 5s 76%
Hocking Val 4%s.lO5 t
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 10 Little Chief M
Alice 15 jOntario 4 50
I>o coupon 102U, N J Cen gen 5s. ..128%
Atchlson gen 4s.. 98% Northern Pac 4s.. 100^
Do adj 4s 89% I Do 3a 70%
Atlantic C L 4s.. 90% N & W con 4s... 94%
Halt & Ohio 4s.. 99% O S LMs & partlc 88%
U S ref 2s. reg...l07 L & N un 4s 9«%
Do coupon 107 Manhtn en gold 4s 99%
Do 3s, reg 108% Mexican Cen 4s.. 70
Do coupon 10S% Do 1st inc 14
Do new 4s, reg. 135 Minn & St L 4b.. 9C%
Do coupon 135 M. K & T 4s 97%
Do old 4s, reg.110% Do 2ds 76%
Do coupon 110V- Ntl RR Mex en 4s 73%
Do f»s. reg 102% N Y Cen gen 5%s. 9«";i
NEW YORK BONDS
Total sales ...316,500
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK, Oct. 6.— United Railroads or
Fan Francisco bond transactions — 10,000 at
$77 12%.
Tol. Pt L & West.. 200 17% 16^ 17 Vi
Tol. St L & W pfd 24
Union Pacific. 12,900 70% 70 70%
Union Pacific pfd.. 100 84% 84% .84^
Wabash COO 19Vi 1» 16%
Wababh pfd 1.100 31% 30% 31V*
Wherl & L Erie t H/S
Wisconsin Central. 200 16% 10Vi 16
WiKConsln Cen prd. 200 36% 30 35%
Express Companies — „
Adams 2? 3
American 1"5
United States 100 105Vi lOStt !<*>
Wells-Fargo 201
Miscellaneous —
Amalgam Copper.. 13.800 41% 40% 41
Am Car & Found.. 800 26 V*. 2« 2«H
Am Car fc F pfd «5
Am Unseed Oil 9%;
Am Lin OH pfd 28 j
Am Locomotive ... 1.C00 15% 15 15
Am Locomotive pfd 800 S0% W)% 80
Am Smelt & Ref . . £<*> 42% 12% 42% |
Am Smelt & R pfd. 300 88% 8* 87
Am Sugar Refining. 1,800 112 110% 111%
Anaconda Min Co -" *®
Brooklyn Rap Tran 10.000 33% 32% 33%
f'olo Fuel & Iron.. 200 40% 4OVs 40%
Colum & Hock Coal 100 12 12 11
•"onEolIdited Gas.. 000 173% 172% 173%
General Electric .. 100 148% 140% 147
Internal "Paper 11 /
Internet Paper pfd C2%
Internat Pump 33%
Int^inat Pump pfd 74
National F.iecuit 36%
National Lead 13%
North American 71
Pacific Mail 500 20 10% 20
People's Gas 300 92% 91% 92
Pressed Steel Car. . 300 34% 33%
Pressed B Car pfd 76
Pullman Pal Car 210
Republic Steel 400 tf% 0% 9*i
Republic Steel pfd. 40O «2V 4 6'J 62^
Rubber Goods 200 15% 15 f 14%
Rubber Goods pfd «7%
Tenn C«U & Iron.. 900 33% 32% 33Vi
U S Leather 800 7% 7 7%
U S Leather pfd... 400 77 73% 76%
U S Rubber »%
V S Rubber pfd... 100 3614 30% 36%
U S Steel 23.900 17% 16% 17%
U S Steel pfd 35.40O 06 t-3% 64%
Western Union ... 200 82 81% 81%
FOR TUESDAY. OCTOBER 9.
Flour qr sks .. 80' Bran. (Kans)sks -4<V>
Wheat, ctls «. 480 Pelts. No. 253
Parley ctls 2«.0Sl! Hides, No 9<wt
Beans sks 7,111, Quicksilver, flks. 7S
Corn, ctls 101 leather, rolls .. 4«
Potatoes, sks.... 5.9C5|Wln««. gals .... 61.200
Onions sks 2fi5 Tallow, ctla ... 2X9
Hay. tons 515 Brandy, gals .. l,50<>
Straw, tons .... 15'Llme. bbls SIT
Wool. 'bales 41U 1
Receipts of Produce.
RED AND WHITE LEAD — Red Lead. 6%C®
7c per lb; White Lead. 6%-87c, according to
quantity.
QUICKSILVER— $44@45 for local use and
$42 5O843 50 per flask for export.
SALT— Ihtrf Is a general declln» in domes
tic grades. The Amalgamated Salt Company
quotes as follows: Genuine Liverpool. IHfJlH;
Bales, common $t W; Dairy. per ton. $12 50;
Half Ground. $0 75^10 2S; Rock Salt. $S 5A«
9 75; imitation Liverpool, $12 5<J®13 25; Gran
ulated. $12 50-513 25 per ton.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows. p°r lb. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.85o;
I'owdered. 5.70c: Candy Granulated, 5.7Cc; Drv
Granulated, fine. S.fiOc: Pry Granulated. coax**.
5.COc: Fruit Granulated. !i.6Oc: Beet Granulated
(ICO-lb bajrs only). 5.45c: Confectioners' A.
SfcOc; Magnolia A. 5.20c; Extra C. 5.10c; GoM
en C. 5c: "D." 4.9«c; barrels, lf)c more; half
barrels 25c more: boxes, 50c more; 50-lb bags,
ltte more for all kinds. Tablets— Half barrels.
6.10p: boxes. »5.35c per lb. No orders taken foj"
less than seventy-flvp barrels or ita equivalent.
LUMBER— Pine, ordinary sizes. $1S#19: ex
tra sizes. htsh»r: RMwood. »19^23; Lath. 4
feet $3 7.".: Pickets. $22»28: Shingles. $2 35 fo*
No. 1 and $1 75 for No. 2; Shakes. $14 for split
and $15 for sawn; Rustic. $40042. «
COAL OIL— Water Whit* Coal Oil in bulk.
I Pic: Pearl Otl in cases. 21c; Astral. 21c:
Star, 21c: Extra Star. 25c; Elaine. 27c; Eocene.
24c;' deodorized Stove Gasoline, in bulk, lTc:
in cases. 2.!'»>c; Benzine, in bulk. 13c; In cases.
1914c; 8C~degree Gasoline. In bulk, 21c; la
cases. 27 Ho.
TURPENTINE — S0c per gallon In eases and
74c in drums and Iron barrels.
leather. 15frl«c per foot: Trace Leather. 400
44c: Kip unfinished. 4OGZOc per lb: Veal, fin
ished. 5O4JtHJr per lb: Calf, finished. e5c$$l per
)b: Wax sides. Htfil7c per foot; Belt Knlf««
Splits, Hftlfic; Rough Splits. S@10c per lb.
TANBARK— Ground, l-'OiftiS per ton; stick.
$1"><?1$ per cord.
OIL— Linseed. 49c for boiled and 47c for raw
In barrels: ewes. 5c more: Castor Oil. in cas*».
No. 1. 70c; Bakers' AA. $1 l&fn 12: Lucol. 44c
for boiled and 42c for raw In bam-ls; Lard Oil.
extra winter strained, barrels. 90c; cases. 05c:
China Nut. .\"><S70c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot.
In barrels. 7,~e; cases. 80c; Snerra. pure. 75c:
Whale Oil. natural wh!t», 50<t55e per gallon:
Fish Oil. in barrels. 4.V: cases. 50c: Coeoanut
Oil, in barrels. 68c for Ceylon and 55c for Aus
tralian.
prime to fancy washed. 8®10c nominal for
fair to strictly good washed. 6?i©7*»c for
good to superior unwashed, 7 1 ,j'89c tor good to
prime unwarhert pea berry. Guatemala and
Mexican — lZ%Q13s nominal for fancy washed,
UtflSc for prime to strictly prime washed,
9?i l ©10%e for strictly good washed, 9©9%e for
gomi washed. 7 I 4 i e*V4C for fair wash'ed. &Q7Uc
for medium. 4@Cc fcr Inferior to ordinary.
S'-itilOHc for fair to prtme unwashed pea
berry. 7*4f».*c for good to prim* unwashed pea
berry. 7SMC nominal for good to superior un
washed. 5'37%c for ash-damaged.
LEATHER— Sole. heavy, 2t>S32c: •xtr*
heavy, 30©40c per lb: medium. 27© l 29c; light,
21f»26c; Rough Leather. 2«#2Se: Harness
Leather, heavy. 35**3Uc for No. 1 and/30an5e
for N». :.": medium. 30<S37c; light. 29«35e:
Skirting. No. 1. 4©<R42c: No. 2. 3fi<gr}8c: Collar
boatloads had been sold for shipment by South
western houses. . The close was firm, with De
cember %C%c ftlgher at 77%@77%c.
Corn was on a bull tack and more than made
up tha ground lost in the previous session.
Buying was of an influential character, pro
vision Interests taking the initiative on that
side of the marketf. Country offerings were
light end there was no special pressure to sell
until toward the noon hour, when the reaction
in wheat led to freer offerings from , local
crowds. The main bull factors of the session
were the prospects «>f more unfavorable weath
er, better cesh business and reports from Ill
inois of damage by cold. December closed %@
%c higher, at 44%©il4%c.
Trading in oats was of a moderate volume.
December closed up. %c at 36%c.
There was very little trading in provisions
and the market larked any features. Prices
were fairly steady early, due to buying of
lard, which waa credited to packers, but as
the session advanced prices eased off on gen
eral dullness and on the lower hog market.
The close showed slight declines. January pork
being off 10c. lard and ribs 2%c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ..$109% $109% (100% $109?,
2 p. m. Session.
No sales.
OATS — Offerings of all descriptions continue
amplo and the market Is unchanged. The de
mand is moderate and of a Jobbing character.-
White ?1 20@l 32% : Black, $1 40@l 60; Red.
$1 20@l 25 for feed and $1 25@1 S3 for seed;
Gray, $1 22%@1 27% per ctl.
CORN — Western descriptions are lower again
and weak and quiet at the decline. California
kinds are weak in sympathy, but there is very
little California offering or coming in.
Western, sacked, $1 40 for Yellow. $1 40 for
White and $1 35 for mixed; California large
Yellow, $1 45@l 50; small round do, $1 70(3
1 75: White, $1 60 per ctl.
RYE— Quiet and unchanged at $1 25<gl 30
per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $2 25@2 50 per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Feed. $1 10®l 12%; Shipping and Brewing.
$1 15«1 17%; Chevalier. $1 20@l 50 for fair
to choice.
CASH BARLEY.
couple of cars of Feed at $1 12%. Brewing
and shipping grades are quoted somewhat
lower. The market exhibits no features es
peclaly Interesting.
S5c for drawers and $1©1 25 for large boxes
from the river: White. 35@50c per box.
PRUNES — 60«75c per box or crate.
PEACHES — Freestones. 35® 60c for small
boxes and 40&C0c for ooen boxes.
POMEGRANATES— 50075c for small boxes
and $1 254/2 for large.
GRAPES— Isabella. 40®C0c per crate: Cornl
chon. 50@C0c per crate; other varieties. 30@
40c for small boxes. 40®60c for crates and 5<Ktf
85c for large open boxes; Wine Grapes. $18®
23 per ton for Zlnfandel. $l&820 for Missis
and $15 for White.
MELONS— Cantaloupes. 75c<ff$l 25 per crate;
Nutmeg Melons. 35fttf5c per box, with some
fancy up to $1; Watermelons. 10©20c each.
CITRUS FRUITS — Oranges. " $2 00©3 for
fancy Valenelas, $2@2 50 for choice and $1®
$1 60 for standard: Lemons. $1©3 pct box;
Grap« Fruit, $1 50©2 50; Mexican Limes, $4 50
££5; Bananas, $1 25(&2 per bunch; Pineapples,
$2&3 per dozen.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY. OCTOBER 7, 1903.
STOCK MARKET.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Continued on Page Thirteen.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO. Oct. 6. — A better undertone pre
vailed In the wheat pit and at times the mar
ket was quite strong with trading of a more
active character than of late. Opening prices
were firm, notwithstanding the lower foreign
markets. December being Vt@V*c at 7ti%6
7C>c. Scalpers were liberal buyers of De
cember, but the buying of July was quite gen
erally neglected. There was very little of the
near-by options for isale, and as the session ad
vanced prices gradually went higher until 77 %c
was reached. Bullish crop reports from Mis
souri and Ohio, with strength in outside mar
kets, were early bull factors. When . Brad
street's figures were issued, showing an in
crease in the world's visible supply of over
12.000,000 bushels, considerable selling devel
oped and the market suffered a decline, , De
ember slumping off to 76%c... During the last
hour, however, prices again rallied on a good
cash demand from mills for No. 2 red and on
reports of big export business done via the
gulf, it being claimed that sixty or seventy
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
11
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SALE at ARCADE HORSE MAR-
KET. 327 SIXTH ST.. WEDNESDAY. October
7 at" 11 a. m. By order of W. A. Corastock.
I'wlll sell 33 head of good, young horses. JOHN
J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 7, 1903.
12
SAN FRANCISCO CALL,
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery strest.
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
£00 Htyei etreet: cpen until 9:30 p. m.
C29 McAlllater etreet; cpen until V«:SO p. m.
CIS Lnrkln atreet: open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mia«lon atreet; ontn until 10 p. m.
'ZX\ Market etreet, corner Sixteenth; open
er.til 0 v. m.
:C« Eleventh etreet: cpen until 9 p. m.
1066 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan atrsets;
cp*n until 9 t>. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-aecond . and
Kentucky streets; or»n until f> p. m.
2200 Fillmore Etreet: op**n until 9 p. rn.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter Rose Croix pi
No. 7. A. and A. S. R.. C25 Sut- It
tcr Et. — Called meeting THIS . /flC I
< WEDNESDAY) EVENING, at 8 Kt^
o'clock. Eighteenth degree. All VU
Knights Itose Croix cordially In- H
vi:ed. By order of the WUa rl _
Matter. ""^
CHARLES JELLINEK, " aft '
Secretary^ w
CALIFORNIA Council No. 2, R and S. fi
M.. will me-t THIS (WEDNESDAY W
EVENING. Oc*lber 7. at 8 o'clock, f or />r\
business and <J»r!<^-'£- By order of the
T. I. M. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Recorder.
OTCIDENTAlTLoage No. 22, F. and A.
M — Officers and members are respect- TtX
fully requited to assemble at the / ?
Temple. King Solomon's Hall. TO-
DAT at 11 o'clock a. m.. for the purpose or
attending the funeral obsequiea of Eugene
ft. Deuprey. By order of the W. M.
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Secretary.
MOUNT Morlah Lodge No. 44. *"»»* ,fl-
A. M. — stated meeting THIS *%QS
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 /V\
o'clock. THEO. FROLICH. Secretary.
CROCKETT Lodge No.- 139, F. and A. «
M. — Stated meeting and third degree VV
THltf (WEDNESDAY) EVENING, at /V\
7:15 o'cloc!:. By order of the W. M.
It. H. McPHERSON. Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. ie6. F. and A. »
M— Stated meeting THIS (WEDNES- 'V\f
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. /V\
H. J. OWEN. Secretary.
THE officers and a«mbrn of Ger-
mania Ix.rtge No K<i. I. O. O. F.. -5^SKfe^;i
trr hereby r^juM'ted to assemble =^5<{J0Q9*3
at Odd Kelows' Hall TO-MOR-
ROW (ThurfiJay). at 1:30 p. m., to attend
the funeral of our late brother, JOHN WIL-
LIAM HAHN.
CHAS. KURRE. Nobls Grand.
TAUL BT&ACCH. Secretary- ¦
COSMOPOLITAN Lodge No. 194.
1 O. O. F-— Initiation WEDNHS- ;jSJCT9jgi
DAY EVENING, <>.-tot*r 7. VI*- •^J^SCjjS?
itors cordially invited. •***>"*
GUSTAVE A. HIEBNER. N. G.
ANDREW J. CLEARY. R. S.
XVANIIOE Lod«e No. 6. K. of P.. will J^S
confer the Kr.ij:ht rank (long form)
WEDNESDAY. October 7. 1903, at £s!d£
Pythian Castle, 909 V4 Market street. J&&Q.
at 6:30 p. m. Members of sister lodges cor-
dially invited. FRED WICKERT, C. C.
o. NORCROSS. K. of R. and S.
NATIONAL Union, Caiifor- iir~T~ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦
nia Council, n>*-et« TO- *>!*' •_ >yl
NIGHT at Pioneer Hall. "' TT*q>
Kourth «t., at 6 o'clock. >.
A giiod entertainment after the business is
finished. Visiting friends are cordially ln-
vjted. By order
E. A. M. GILBERT. President.
C. H. VAN ORDEN. Secretary.
EEItVIAN Montenegrin L. and B. jv&*,
N.-ciety. — Of fleers and muuocrs, VaV
you are hereby notified tc attena f*£-%f~£n
the :.p-jUi quarterly r.iC'tir.g J^v4i>?
THIS "WEDNESDAY) EVEN- B^jTrttxS
ING. October 7. i'.">S, at 7:.'» ;'T« n iv*;
. . < ¦ k sharp, ai &03 Market &t. ».*>iJK^yCf
6m !.• r will be given aTttr the
J. E. KUKAVIZA. Pres.ucxu.
M. G. FTANISICH. Secretary :
NOTICE TO THE STOCKHOLDERS OF
THE 6AN FRANCISCO GAS AND
ELECTRIC COMPANY is hereby given
th*t pursuant to an order and resolution of
the board of directors of the San Francisco
Gas and Electric Ccmpany adopted at a
meeting of eaid board duly held at the offlcs
of the company in the City and County of
Pan Francieco, State of California, on the
12th day of August, 19C3. a meeting of the
stockholders of San Francisco Gas and Elec-
tric Company will be held at the office of
the company, number 415 Poat street. San
Francisco. California (tne same being the
principal place of business of said corpora-
tion and the building where the board of di-
rectors usually meet), on Thursday, the 22J
day of October. 11KI3, at the hjur ot 2 o'clock
p. m., for the purpose of acting and voting
upon the proposition to create a bonded in-
dibt^cnef? of eaid corporation to the amount
In the aggregate of ten million (10.000.000)
dollars. United States gold coin, for the pur-
I>ose of acquiring property to be used in car-
ryir-g on the buiinees cf the corporation and
in crier to provide funds for other legiti-
mate and necessary purposes of the corpor-
ation, euch bonded indebtedness to be secured
by a mortgage or deed of trust upon all the
property now owned by said corporation, or
which it may hereafter acquire. By order of
the board of directors.
CHARLES L. BARRETT.
Secretary San Francisco Gas and Electric
Ccmpany.
TK.C California Debris Commission, having
r«!reived applications to mine by hydraulic
|.roc«?s8 from George Wieet In Magnolia mine,
near Georgetown. Et Dorado County, Cal.,
draining Into Otter Creek, which reachea
Middle Fork of American River, and from J.
J. Hoffmann and T. M. Browne. In William
Roush & Cc.'s mine near Forest Hill, Placer
County, Cal., draining Into Volcano Canyon
Creek, which reaches Middle Fork of Ameri-
can River, glvea notice that meeting will be
held at room 96. Flood building. San Fran-
cIeco. Cal.. Oct. 19. 1003. at 1:30 p. m.
STOCKHOLDERS' MEETING— Notice la here-
by given that the annual meeting of the
stockholders of The Bank of California will
b» held at the banking house In thla city on
TUESDAY. October 13. 1903. at 11 o'clock
a. m. By order of the board of directors.
ALLEN M. CLAY. Secretary.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 year.
AGEXTS WANTED.
AGENTS wanted to sell shares for a new pat-
ented important Invention: Al proposition;
references. M. P. SCHELL. 520 Mission sc
ATTORXEVS-AT-LAW.
ADVICE FREE! ESTABLISHED 22 YEARS.
Divorces a specialty. Private. Quick.
NO PAY UNLESS SUCCESSFUL.
G. W. HOWE.
Attorney and Counselor at Law,
Open Evcnir.cs 7 to 9. Phone Jessie 4711.
Orf.cee on First Floor — Rooms 1. 2, o, 4 and 5.
111*2 Market St.. Between Mason and Taylor.
Alrr.ost Opposite "Hnle's" Dry Goods Store.
ADVICE FKEE
COLUMBIAN LAW AGENCY
Iim. S3. 016 Market: tel. Red CIS; bad t»n-
*.ms ejected sj»eedily and reasonably: co'.lec-
t'.cns attended to; attachments; corporations
organized; civil and criminal practice.
RCJ3T. W. KING, atty-at-law. Examiner bid.,
room CI1 ; all ca<-.-i<. damages, estates, wills,
attachments, collections, etc.; consultation
fi-ee; no advance charges; call or rrrite;
evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
AUVICZ :r*e— I will advance cost in meritori-
ous car*?, divorces, probate and all other law
cases; no f«M in advance; open every even-
lnr. J. M. THtntSTON. 610 Market St.. r. 31.
A. IL EWING— Attorr.ey-atlaw. Room C12,
Terrell bids.
L. f=. CLARK, Enyna Spreckels bldg.. 027Jdar-
k*t tt. ; cor.suiist'.on free; :io fees In advance.
AITKEN £ A1TKKN. attorneys, rs. 309-10-11,
Clunie fcMp.. W, California «t.; tel. Main 727.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful; all
invr buFlnfF*. W. XX. Davidson. 927 Market.
DI VORCK— Cof.ts, $12; quick, nuiet: open even-
lr». T>27 Market »t.. room 301.
111 II.I)I\(;s TO |,ET.
BHICK building in wholesale district. 19,000
equnre Ittx floor ffp?.ce» to lease for long term;
edJUional *tdiy if £rr\T+A; will put In order
»•> suit tenant. ASHTON & GARDINER, 411
rt.
CHANCES.
BRANCH bakery: Wcgest (-nap ever offered;
receipts $10 daily; books Trill prove this; rent
?H: three lKlng rooms: i.rice $200. Please
call and examine our larjte list of branch
l»&fcwies and candy stores. WESTERN
REALTjrcO.. I0C7U Market St., room 1.
IF you detlre to eell or exchange business, real
estate cr mini*, no matter where located, or
<!e«lre to InveFt money, try INTERNATION-
AL BROKERAGE AES'N INC., 330 Pine
St.. S. F.. Cal.
FOH SALE — A good, reliable shoemakinff and
repair shop. Call at 4S0 Jessie st.
FOH hale — Paloor.: irtio'.esale district; owner
leavlnjt city. 1<X) Clay et.
BAKERY — Fine location In Rio Vista: good
baker will do well. Address DAN Me-
GRAUGH. Rio Vista. Cal.
CAUrENTER shop for sale at Invoice, Call
1053 Market et.. near Thirteenth.
RESTAURANT for Bale cheap on account of
rlcknes*. Call at U99 Third St.,
A ItKSTAUBANT for wale. 194 First st. T.
COLE.
B A LOON for tale cheap. Box 1694. Call.
CHIROPODISTS.
DUNLAP FOOT INSTITUTE. 60 Geary— All
ailments of the feet cured; corns.bunlons.etc.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
100 ROOMS; house for men; rent $140... $4000
68 rooms; south of Market; rent $100. 2000
24 rooms; corner; part cash; bal. easy. 850
11 rooms; good Income; rent $20.... 350
21 rooms; water front; rent $40; lease.. 650
120 rooms ; good lease: low rent C500
67 rma.; apartments ; Western Add. ;rent 250
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels, roadhouFes, flats, 6 to '100 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
PETERSEN REALTY~CO.. 1038 Market st.
$2200 — Modern 27-room house; steady and
transient; carpets and furniture first class;
bargain for a few days.
$2300 — 30-room corner house: 2 floors; well
equipped; fine location; snap; acct. departure.
11 ROOMS; rent $30; good location $450
27 rooms; rent $70; part housekpg; lease.1700
20 rooms; rent $125; transient; north.. $2100
MOSSMAN. Examiner building, room 411.
FOK Mle at a bargain; 8-room boarding-house;
all full; price $350. 1031 McAllister st.
~ ' SPIRITUALISM.
PROF. Fred P. Evans, noted psychic for slate-
writing and clairvoyance ; stamp for circular.
1112 Eddy St., nr. Octavla; phone Scott 887.
EDWARD EARLE. 10C2 Ellis, readings daily.
•«^:30 to 4: seancea Sunday and Thursday.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MY Regular $3~Readinrs Thia Week For
$1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 11
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE,
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist ever in San Francisco.
I do hereby solemny agree and guarantee
to make no charge If I fall to tell you your
name, occupation and what you called for:
I promise to tell you whether husband, wife j
or sweetheart /la true or false; I tell you [
whom and when you will marry; in fact. I
win tell you every hope, fear or ambition
better than you cen tell yourself; I improve ,
your character so that you will reach ths i
highest posaible development In mental. vigor. \
health, bapplnesa and capacity to earn
wealth; so you will live happy anl contented
the rest of your life. Hours 10 a. m. to 8
p. m.; Sundays. 2 to 8. 326 O'Farrsll st.. 326.
MME. M. BERNARD, THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third at., next Examiner
bldg.; she reads your life correctly, glvea an
accurate description of the past, reveala tba
preaent happiness and portraya eventa to
occur In the future; If you are In trouble, dla-
contented or not satisfied In life, or have do-
mestic, love or buslneM troubles, consult this
great medum and you will be told how to
overcome them; valuable advice in all aifalri
of life; 25c up; satisfaction guaranteed; read-
togs by mall. Tel. Black 45GS.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmlet, permanently located at 1104 Market
st., «x>r. Turk; private readings dally. 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m. ; readings by mall as satisfac-
tory as in person; 3 questions answered, $1;
full life. $5; send lock of hair, date and year
cf birth: don't send currency. Send postofflce,
Well*-Fargo money order or registered letter.
RETURNED. RETURNED.
K. KELLER,
World's most famous aura, seeress and clair-
voyant; readings dally; 3 questions by mall.
$1; 10 a. m. to 6 p. m. and 7 to 9 p. m. ; Sun-
days 10 to 12; now located at 1228 Market st.
A — MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
ond eight; tella the pa»t. present and future;
ladles. 50c; gents, $1; by cards, palmistry
and clairvoyant sitting; $1 50. 126 Turk at.
MRS. A. H. KronenberE, palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader, will give a good reading, V)z, for
a short time only; when others fall try me to I
convince yourself. 402 Franklin, near Grove.
MISS ZEMDAR. younc gifted clalr. and palm.;
has second sight: a wonderful prophetess;
names: L. 50c: G. $1. 714 Franklin. nr.G.G.av.
MISS WARD, great card reader; ladle* 25c;
others fall: call on this celebrated medium;
sat'.Ef action cr no pay. 413 Mason st. ; no sign.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names Riven; 25c up. 5 4th St.. near Market. ,
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city. !
26',-i Kearny. room 20; ladies 25c: gents T>Oc. j
MRS. SHAFER, clairvoyant, card reader: sit-
tlrps dally. 44SU Jessie gt.. bet. 5th and Oth. !
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING, i
AIR, compressed, firy. Ice cold. Is now unlver-
eally used In sanitarily cleaning carpets, on
floor, without removal or Injury; prices mod-
erate. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call bid.; phone Main 5237.
¦WHEN you become disgusted with your work i
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 355-357 Tehama st. ; tel. Pourh 40. j
SMITH'S Carpet Cleaning Co.; Al work guar- i
j anteed, 3c. ISC 15th st. ; phone Capp 1G51.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rison et. : Al cleaning. 3c; tel. Mission 225.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J. McQueen,
proprietor, 329 Guerrero Et. ; tel. Mission 43.
TRY HOPKE BROS. ; excellent carpet-beating;
mattresses made over.1432 Howard ;Bouth 216.
\ ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop*.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave.: telephone Ea»t 120.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country- PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 0-10: tel. 55S0
" DENTISTS.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 800 Market *t..
cor. Fourth, room 7. Flood building ; extrac-
tions done painlessly; teeth without plates
our specialty; gold crowns, $3 60 up; plates,
J. 1 50 up, extraction free; office hours. 9
a. m. to 9 p. m. : Sundays. 9 to 2^
DR. GRUSS. 604-5-6 Callaghan bldg.. Market
and McAllister sts., uses the Basford Obtun-
der, the only device ever Invented for grind-
ing, drilling and excavating teeth absolutely
without pain. For demonstration and proof
call at office^
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
rrad>; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per Bet; extracting. 60c: gas given.
A NEW plate^ — The Whalebone — cannot break:
warrsnted 20 yrs.; crown. $3 50; fillings, 50c;
plates. $5; full set ;all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth at.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 233 Kearny. ccr.Bush —
Bet teeth $1 50 up: crowns $2 up; fillings 25c.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver, 35c; crowns, $2; no
pain: open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hew!»t.201 Sutter.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
. — Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market.
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
DYEING AND CLEANING.
SEA breezes sweeten all garments, blankets,
lace curtains, etc., done by the Presidio
Hcl&htB Dye Works. 3915 Sacramento; phone
for wagon. West 453. H. HICKMAN. pres.
' EDUCATIONAL.
THE San Francisco Younc Men's Christian
Afsociition conducts a nl^ht school for men,
an engineering school, an evening law school,
a working boys' night school and a day busi-
ness and academic school. Students have
gymnasium and other privileges. Apply at
Y. M C. A. building. Mason and Ellis sts.
HEA^D'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post. S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches;
cl-iy and night cessions; lllus. catalogue free.
AYKES, the reading business college, 723 Mar-
ket St.; special cummer course in all depart-
ments; handsome catalogue tree; life scholar-
ship, $50; day and evening sessions.
CALIFORNIA Buslnen College, 305 Larkln st.
"A thorough school" ; positions secured for
graduates; modern methods; individual In-
struction. Write for Illustrated catalogue.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and medical colleges;
ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford pro-
fessor; day. evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
HINJU.VS Academy; a thorough school of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk .St.,
between Pine and California; both adult and
children's classes are now open for the season.
A— SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1230
Market Bt. — Practical, progressive, reliable;
day & evening sessions; write for catalogue. I
VIOLIN and viola Instruction, Including en- I
uemble; beginners received: best method;
terms moderate. Studio 305 Larkln, room 91.
HEALD'S School of Mines &. Electrlcity.24 Poet
*C, S. F.; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. mln.. mech., sur-
vcy, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 18G4. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday and
Sunday evenlncs at Teutonla Hall. Howard
6t., near Ninth; management Prof, Foster.
FIRST-CLASS piano Instruction; monthly re-
citals, harmony and musical history free;
terms moderate. 14 McAllister at., room 57.
EPANISK.French.etc.Prof.DeFilippe'a Academy
of Laniruageg.320 Post :estab'd 1871; ablest prof a.
GOLDEN Gate Com'l ColMege, 630 Golden Gate
avc; full butlncgg course; day and evening".
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine ft... Night class.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar. writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
HOUSES TO LET. |
A PRINTED list of houses to let; a-nd tor & t
• cuUr. G. H. UMB3EN A CO..14 MontnonagT
' A— HOUSES and flats to Itt: an Immense !)¦». \ '
service absolutely free: take advantaw o J \
thia department; It will sav« you t!a»« \;
trouble. Cordca Furniture Co.. 240-2Sa G«,r,
at., on the aqiutr*.
1 CASTRO. 800—9 sunny rooms; bath; | ar;s
basement; yard. Key 311.
VAN NESS ave.. 2104. near Pacific ave.— aJoSI
ern house: 10 rooms; rent $7O.
BKFORE moving (ret our printed Hat of hem*.
to let. BALDWIN * HOWKLL 2?> Pot: „
HOUSES Fl'nMSHED — FOR SALeT*
HOUSE, 1 rooms, bath, to let. and fernthut
for aale: to be sold immediately account of
sickness. 428 O'Farrell st.
HORSES AXD WAGONS.
A HANDSOME black horse, weight Uei)
pounds; Just the horse for undertaker or
• brewer; $200. 1327 Pierce St.. between
O'Farrell and El^ -
HARNESS and saddles, the best for ths money"
at JEPSEN BROS. CO.. Inc.. the big stored
1145-1147 Market at.. San Francisco.
FOR SALE^ — At 1500 Grove st. handsome trap,
almost new; will sell cheap.
MUST be sold at a sacrifice; 3 f^od horses. 327
Sixth st.
Largest assortmt 2-hand wagons, buckb'd. aur-
rey.haraess.work.driTlns horsea. ISth-Valenda
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon and
gocart for sale cheap. 532 Mission st.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — Sunday evening, gold brooch (cro«s>
a*t with topa*. going from St. Stephen's
church Fulton St.. to Fillmore to Golden
Gate ave.. to Scott to Eddy. Return to 1S7
Stevenson' st. : reward.
LOST A large-sized English fox terriei j
named Sapho; black and tan points on h<^A
and body: $20 reward. Finder please retuHl
1310 Taylor at.
LOST — Black and tan deerhound: female: an-
awers to the name of Queen. Return to H.
P. HEINZE, 412 McAlllater St.. and receivs
reward: flat 4.
STRAYED — Dove-colored tame pigeon; comes
at call. Reward at 2000 Bush st.
LOST — A gold necklace with gold cross at-
tached. 136 Rousseau St.: rsward.
LOST — Purse with money and 3 rings. Re-
turn to 817 Third st.. Oakland: reward.
LOST— "White bull terrier dog; red spot over
right eye. Return Baldwin Annex.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California,
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter St.. needs oU
gold and ailver to make new watch cases.
LOFTS TO LET.
WEU^LIGHTED^ioftT 30x80; rent $30; •una-
ble for manufacturing bus. 2140-2 Folsom it.
~~ MEDICAL.
BAN FRANCISCO'S EMINENT PHYSICIAN.
! DOCTOR WHITE
TREATS 'WOMEN ONLY.
702 MARKET ST., room 7. Phone Red 3321.
Every facility . for the BEST treatment of
all diseases and disorders of womtn. Elegant
sanatorium. Select patients. Strictly confi-
dential. Fees within the reach of all.
MRS. DR WYETH. apedallst for all fema;«
complaints; Instant relief guaranteed; 3i)
years' experience; removed to 826 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities: Instant re*
lief guaranteed. 10CS% Marxet St.. cpp. ittij|
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL — All who are sick or f
in trouble consult this acectallst on fema!«
complaints; positively corrected: the unfor-
tunate helped; the most difficult cases treat- %¦
ed: advice free. Office. 1013 Market st.
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk, nr. Van Nc3s^ — Expert
in obstetrics female complaints: ln.»t. relief;
treatment $10; hours. 10 to 5; 23 yr». gxper.
MRS. D. ALLEN, 111S Market — Reliable ladies'
specialist; a private home before a:id during
confinement: best medical care; low fees.
A maternity villa; private: secluded; confiden-
tial. Dr. E. Funke. 141U Eighth st.. Alameda.
DR. ROSEN, moved to 2ft95 Folsom St.. corner
26th; relier $10: ladles' exclusive office.
DR. and MRS.DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS:
original method of treatment. 112C Market at.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 310 Powell St.. opposite
Union square: all dl.ieasea cured by herb*. |
MILLINERY. '
LADIES you are Invited to visit my millinery
opening to-day and to-morrow; Imported and
New York hats. MME. DOSCH. 207 Post at.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 21-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont at
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair it with elaterlte; in rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
Iron, tin or ahlngles: beat for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market at.
2D-HD. machinery, boilers, engines, pump*.
pu.Vys. shafting, eta. etc., bought, sold.
' rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE M'CH'Y CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
BEAUTIFUL upright piano; being obliged to /
move to Seattle, I must aell my fine uprighjA
piano at a sacrifice. MRS. HOFFMAN, 9'ia*
East Seventeenth atreet. Oakland.
A— Fine suits. $7 50; dress pants. $2 50. Orlgi-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 23S Kearny st..
near Bush; open to 8 p. m. Sunday to ncg-j.
A — $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 73. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 33O Kearny St.. near
Pine; open till 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-233 Spear st.
3, 6 AND 10 hp. gasoline engines; second-hand:
, all sizes, new. E. B. DECK * CO.. 123
Market aj. *
TRY our men's shoes At $1 and $1 50 pair:
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d St., Exam, bid.; catalog, free.
NEW and second hand machinery of all kinds.
KROGH MNFG CO.. 519 Market St.
FIKST-CLASS pump, windmill, tank and
tower; cheap. 2960 Howard St.. near 2Sth.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento at.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard A Breck. 131 Post st.
MILES of pipe and fittings: all stzea. EU-
GENE RILEY & SONS. 109 Vallejo st.
MOVING picture film and sons slides. IC9
Montgomery st.
SAFES — New and second-hand, E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market St.
All bargains ;camp stools and chairs; hammocks,
metal beds.mattresses.J.F. Hotter. 712 Mission.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, movins
picture machines, films. Bacigalupt. 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all al»ea. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont at.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters: all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Monty' y.
¦ ~ Z
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. .-*i\!
}g '
CALIFORNIA HOUSEWRECKING CO. ' *
Pays higher prices for buildings and take*
less time to wreck and remove. Office, NW.
cor. Mission and Tenth; phone Mint 3011.
"WANTED— Small children to board; mother*!.:
care. 652 South First st.. San Jose. CaL ~
WANTED— Live bears or buffalo; state age
and »ex. Address 3313. Mission st.
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES.
1149 Market at. ; phon* Jessie 3741. or poatal.
TILTON wants good aeeond-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. ; tel. Jessie 2831.
A BIG price paid for sealskins; send postal.
2ft Stockton at.: phone Bush 4&4.
MONEY TO LOAN.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHT.
801-602-603 Examiner buildln*
Quick settlements; no disappointment
Save expenses by dealing; directly.
Estates, aecond mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc.: legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests In property purchased
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
ADVANCES on furniture and pianos without
removal; to salaried people on thels- not*
without security or knowledge of employer!
lowest ratea: beat terma; quickest aervlce an4
absolute privacy; special ratea to municipal
employes and teachers. The National Credit
Co.. r. 68-60 Donohoe bid.. 1170 Market st.
INTEREST REDUCED TO 5 PER CENT.
DEAL DIRECT: SAVE EXPENSES.
I will loan on 1st. 2d or 3d mortgages. SAN
FRANCISCO. OAKLAND. TOWN _TOUN-
TRY PROPERTY and REAL ESTATE in
probate; aend full particulars of property: no
answer, otherwise. Box 24as. Call office.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obUi»
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry Jit'
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store
Market St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 flilrcU
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICK 103 Graat *r*» -
\ LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
HK1.P WANTED — >I»T.E — res.
A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
520— SACRAMENTO ST. — 520
Phone Main 1191. ' Cor. Leideadorff.
astoria: oregon. astoria.
OREGON, near PORTLAND. OREGON.
ON COLUMBIA RIVER. FEE $1 00
FARE $3. with berth and meals; 50 laborers,
$51 found: 25 rockmen, $50 found.
•Call and see us to-day.
STEAMER sails early to-day to
EUREKA. EUREKA. HALF FARE.
HUMBOLDT CO. FEE St. HALF FARE.
23 laborers, large lumber company's logging
R. R. In woods, steady Job, $40 and fout.d.
Extra gang foreman, south. S. P. B, R. ;
free fare; handle powder, $3 day.
6 lumber pilera. ¦ Truckee district, $2 60 day,
board where you like; steady Job.
WILLITS, UKIAH ROUTE, Cal. N. W. R.
R. FKEE FARE, FEE $1; 25 teamsters and
laborers, $2 25 day; ship to-day.
NEVADA. FREE FARE. NEVADA.
S. P. R. It. Co's own work, board $4 50 week.
25 laborers, FREE FARE, $2 day.
5 miners, north, $3 day; 6 muckers, $2 50
day, S hours.
BUTTE CO. CHICO. I HALF FARE.
SHIP TO-NIGHT. FEE $1. SHIP TO-NIGHT
60 teamsters, laborers, concretemen, rock-
men and tunnelmen, $2 to $2 75 ftay.
DIAMOND MATCH CO.'S own work, fee $1.
OREGON. COAL MINERS. FREE FARE.
2.'> coal miners, £1 ton, OREGON.
10 laborers, electric It. li. near city, pay
weekly, board yourself, $2, steady Job.
10 laborers, private R. R. near city, $2 day.
2(> laborers, factory, $2 10 to $2 40 day.
Blacksmith, near city, ?2 50 day; black-
smith's helpor, city; 3 laborers, city, board
home. $2 to $2 25 day.
Water well driller. Nevada, boss here. $75
found; 5 teamsters, large ranch, $40 found;
10 fp.rmers. 530 fcund; 10 drillers, city, $45
found; Soo muckers and laborers, mines. $00.
Band anwyer, lumber company, $100 found,
boss here.
Cook. i>oarding-house, near city, $50 fd; boy,
liquoi house, city, ?H to 50 week.
« BIG TUNNEL. FKEE FARE.. Near City.
2t> tunnelmen, ?7">; l'O muckers. $60: 10
laborers, city factory, $1 50 to $1 75 day;
100 wcodchoppers, tie and shingle bolt cut-
ters, all over, big wages: cooks, waiters and
dishwashers.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
520 Sacramento st.
PORTUGUESE can waslier. $40 to $60; gar-
dener and wife. $C0; Hour miller, $60: man
about place, $23; sheepherder, $30; farmers,
51 day and $30 to $35; brick burner, $J day:
boys to learn trade; 3 boiler-makers, $3 C3
day; office boy; married vlneyardlst to run
place on shares; woodchoppers, $1 tier, fere
and tools advanced; man to make lagging
and mining timbers; cooks, waiters and oth-
ers. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento.
AT C. FREY & CO.'S, 531 Commercial st. '
El Dorado Co., Butte Co., Reno, Nev. We
ship free fare on all Jobs.
Walter, city hotel. $50 and found.
Boilermaker helpers, free fare.
Laborers, city. $2 day.
Call early, boys.. We have hundreds of new
Jobs for old and young. No strikes. No
fakes We guarantee all Jobs. C. FREY
6 CO. Phone Main 1575. j
A COUPLE for ranch near city, wife to cook for
5 men. make butter, etc., $50; cook and helper,
country hotel, $00; gardener. $33; dairyman.
f33: porter, country hotel, $30. ANDRE'S,
317 Stockton st.
WANTED — For U. S. army, able-bodied, un-
married men. between ages of 21 and 35, citi-
zens of United States of good character and
temperate habits, who can speak, read and
write English. For Information apply to Re-
cruiting Officer, Rialto building. New Mont-
gomery st., San Frenclsco, or Masonic build-
ing, Sacramento, Cal.
WANTED — Porter for saloon; small pay ami
plenty to do; Scandinavian preferred. Apply
to OLANDER. East Twelfth st. and Thir-
teenth ave.. East Oakland.
BARBERS — One of the nicest anil best-pay-
ing 3-chatr shops north of Market; low rent.
Apply 436 Turk st., between 12 and 1 p. m.;
must mean business.
WHY pay big prices to have your shoes half-
soled when you can get It done for 23c, 50c
and 60c while you wait at 563 Mission at.,
• bet. 1st and 2d sts.. or 11 Third st.T
WANTED — Errand boy 15 years or" over. Ap-
ply H. LIEBES & CO.. 137 Post St., between
8 and 8:30 r. nu
OFFICE boy wanted in mercantile house; must
bo neat: age about 15. Address in own
hand; $15 first salary. Box 3514 Call office.
A YOUNG man to Join frames; also boy to
learn. ?4 week to start. Cal. Frame Co.,
U27 Howard st.
TAILORS — Bushelman wanted. Apply ready
for work. S. N. WOOD & .CO.
WANTED— A boy about 10 years old. S. N.
WOOD & CO.. 740 Market st. \
TAILORS. ROOS BROS.. Kearny at Post.
BOY for office; smart and clean. THE FINK
6 SCHINDLER CO.. 1300 Market St.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 per t>alr. foot-form shoes at $2 50, or
orthopedic »ho<s, $.'! 50; best shoes on earth. 11
Third St.. Exam, bldg., 5 doors from Market.
WANTED — Platen press feeders. Northeast
corner Elchth and Brannan ata.
WANTED — A distributer. Electric Laundry,
S37 FoUom st.
ERRAND boy. 109 Montgomery st.
ERRAND 'boy wanted. Apply Superintend-
ent's Office, Emporium.
FIRST-CLASS operator on ladles' tailor suits;
good wages. S. KRAMER, 220 Powell st.
DISHWASHER wanted. 465 Va'encia st.,
near Sixteenth.
BOY about 15, to make himself useful; must
write a good hand. Room 5, Flool building.
DISHWASHER and assist cooking; $8 a week;
restaurant. 126 Ninth st.
FIRST-CLASS tinsmith or metal roofer. 1833
Mission st.
A PARTNER wanted; carpenter preferred.
1337 Mission st
MAN w&nte I to sell ruffled curtains In San
Francisco. JOHN M. HASSALL. 7S Bedford
St.. Boston, Mass.
WANTED — A first-class bartender with good
references and student. 16 Post st. ,
TWO-CHAIR barber shop for sale; other bus-
iness; a bargain. Box 4604. Call office.
WANTED — Coatmaker: steady work; for the
city. Detmer Woolen Co.
WANTED— Steady boy to work in flsh market.
Apply 8C3 Valencia st.
BOOTBLACK wanted In barber shop; wages
paid. 1543 Devlsadero st.
YOUNG ' man In gents' furnishing atore with
a knowledge of hats. Box 4067. Call.- office.
ERRAND boy well recommended. ROGER-
PON'S. 535 Valencia Rt.
BARBER shopVith lease for sale, cheap; old
establishment. 229 Hayes st.
FIRST-CLASS pants maker.- 1103 Market st.
HELP WANTED M^LP— Cow.
M^N^!. 01115
Leading Eiuoloyment TmA^Labor Agent*.
100* WF HAVE 1903 WE'LL GIVE
SSo WSNWORX. _W.0O0 MEN WORK.
5Sl Z^A WIWIte<1 TO " DAT tC " OREGON
NEVADA WILLITS. UKIAH
AnJ all points north, east, south on Southern
Pacific and Santa Ke systems; fres pass.
ON EVERY TRAIN. '
SECTION HANDS. MUCKERS. DRILLERS
Extra Gangs. Teamsters. Uammersmen.
MINES. TUNNELS. QUARRIES.
Miners all ov«r State. *»O and $82 50.
Drillers all over State. $82 50 and $.5.
305 laborers and muckers everywhere, *w.
$75 and $82 60. : 4 .„
Timbermtn, carmen, furnacemen. $C0 to »JO.
STABLES. FARMS. ORCHARDS. DAI HI Efc.
236 farm and orchard hands. $30. $33. $40 fd.
6ti milkers, butter and cheese makers. $30 to
$50 fd.
26 choremen. coachmen, rardeners, etc., *3O
to $40 fd
10 stablemen, city, country Jobs. $30 to $60
and found.
MURRAY & READY.
634-636 Clay st.
SAWMILLS WOODS.
IN 4*STATES.
638 laborers, no experience wanted, $40 to
$70 and found.
190 mill and yard men. $50 to $150.
8«S WOODCHOPPERS
287 TIEMAKERS.
All classes of experienced men for woods,
mills etc. from $50. $60. $70. $80, $30, $100.
$125 to $150 a month.
MURRAY & READY. 634-C36 Clay st.
—BOARD YOURSELVES—
— $2 25 DAY— STEADY WORK—
165 Greeks or Portuguese; new work.
153 Italians, or Slavonians : new work.
153 Austrian! or Spaniards; new work.
155 Mexicans or Russians; new work.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
COOKS. WAITERS. PORTERS.
24 cooks, hotels restaurants, camps, mines
and ranches city and country. $30 to $70 fd.
12 waiters city and country. $25 to $40 fd.
16 elevator and bell boys and porters.
Steward, country hotel.
Waiter fare paid extra Job, $2 day and fd.
Walter and dishwasher, aawmlll. fare paid.
$25 and found.
Walter, cafe $1 fare. $35 and found.
Pantry boy $20 and found; bedmaker. city
Job.
BUTCHERS
Pork packer and sausage-maker, south, $18
week.
Shop butcher aouth. $16 week.
14 butchers, different Jobs. $40 to $90 found.
Butcher, ranch, easy Job $30 and found.
2 bakers city and country, $40 and $50 fd.
Cook and waiter. Nevada. $50 and $30 fd.
Clerk, hat department, country.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay it.
MECHANICAL.
Grader, sucar ptne lumber, $90.
Head Dolbeer lorcer. $90.
2 young men, learn leather tanning, $9 week.
3 tinsmiths, factory, city, $3 a day.
3 painters, stripe, letter. $2 50 to $3 a day.
2 coopers, factory. 20c fare, $3. 25 a day.
Cut-off sawyer; 12 boys to learn trades, city.
86 BLACKSMITHS.
Also many helpers all over California. $50.
$K0, $70. SSO. $90 and found.
LOCATED EVERYWHERE.
C36 laborers and teamsters, city and country;
r O m« factories, mills, warehouses, excava- .
ting bulldins, etc.; many In San Francisco;
lots'to board home, $2. $2 25. $2 50. $2 75 a
day; 8C carmen and furnace men, $67 and $»5.
3503 positions not advertised.
COME — SEE.
BEST PLACES AT MURRAr & RBjnT".
BIGGEST WAGES AT 634-C3C Clay at.
WAGES $75. ~~ S A RE|-
WAGES $82 50. WAGES.
33 two-horse, four-horse teamsters, $«5.
20 laborers and muckers. $75.
20 drillers and headermen, $S2 50.
.Manager here: cost you $1 fee; $1 fee.
% THAT'S ALL.
DIAMOND MATCH TRUST.
CHICO— BUTTE. CHICO— BUTTE.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
kidnTght~orders by
phone, telegraph' and special
letter delwery.
ARIZONA.
003 MILES. PRKSCOTT, MIDDLETOWN.
ARIZONA TO-DAY. $1 50 FEB.
6 slack cioneis, l>c; 5 cabinet-makers.
168 Woodsmen. FRESNO COUNTY.
BEAUTIFUL MENDOCINO.
1G laborers: FREE FARE; ?35 to $&0 found.
2 sheepherders, fare $1 50, $30 and found.
Young German, sot up pins, $30 and found.
FRUIT PICKERS.
68 men or boys; fare $1; fee $1; $30 found.
MARl'SVILLE. CHICO. PLACER VILLE.
186 caryientem' helpers, laborers, teamsters,
drillers "and ether help; you go; $S2 60, $73,
$67 50.
FOR A MILL— LOW FARE.
12 laborer*, residences, fee $1, $20 fd.
MANUFACTURING COMPANY.
25 laborers: fare paid: *«>.
2 experierced concrete men. curbing, $3 day.
Butcher, ranch, fare 70c. $30 found.
Tailor, sack coats, country. $8 each.
Tailor, trousers, country. $2 50 each./
Handy man. little blacksmlthing, $15 week.
Lumber piler. city. $2 25.
Teamster, drive city furniture wagon, $2 50
SANTA CRUZ COUNTY.
2C laborers to pile lumber. $60. .
WILLITS— UKIAH.
164 teamsters, laborers, etc., free fare,
$trr oo.
RESERVOIR WORK.
fX) teamsters and laborers, fffre $1 20, $60,
$67 50.
COAL MINERS— OREGON— FREE FARE.
C5 coal miners, Oreg«i. $3 to $5 day.
BIG NEW TUNNEL— HALF FARE.
63 tunnelmen, $82 50.
2 laborers, handle wood, free fare, $2 day.
12 handy men, ranch, fare $1 25. $30 found.
'Man, break, care coltn. fare $1, $25 found.
MARRIED.
Man, wife, no other woman there. 5 cows and
chores; wife cook 6 men; 10c fare; boss here;
$50 and found.
12 young men, city mills and factories), $1 50.
Vest, shirt, coat makers, 3 men, north.
i VERY MURRAY & READY.
IMPORTANT. 634-63G Clay st.
0 A. M. TO-DAY. "
$2 50 TO EUREKA $2 50
EUREKA $2 50 EUREKA
t'o laborers, you'll suit. $60 to $75.
Board, etc., $15 mo. BIG lumber company. '
CROWDS GOING. ARE YOU?
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
TO A BIG. GOOD MINE.
16 laborers, no experience wanted, $60. $75.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
WANTED— For U. S. Marine Corps, able-
bodied unmarried men. between 21 and 35:
good character: must speak, read and writ*
English": marines serve at sea on men-of-
war tia all parts of the world, on land in our
lslanu^possesslans, and at naval stations In
the United Statea. Apply at recruiting of-
fice. 40 Ellis st., San Francisco. Cal., and
401 K st.. Sacramento. Cal.
FOR SALE— First-class union barber ahop:
location San~Pnblo ave.. Oakland. Aadress
box 831. Call office. Okaland.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolktn. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third st. ; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
MEN to learn barber trade; only 8 weeks re-
quired; special off«r this month; cataUgue
and full Information mailed free. MOLER
SYSTEM COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
WANTED — Rough carpenters and laborers. Ap-
ply room 14. 26 Montgomery St.. San Fran-
cisco Construction Company.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 60 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
express or mall chrgs. 11 3d St., Exam. bid.
PENSION ATTY. M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis st. : 14
years' practice; references from thousands of i
persons for whom I have secured pensions.
BARBER shop for sale; 2-chalr; short houra.
Call at D. STOLTZ. 723 Market at.
2522 SHATTUCK ave.. Berkeley; barber shop
for sale; bargatn; 4 chairs; lease: rent $13.
DRUMMER for merchant tailor; good com-
mission. 40 Ellis st. room 49.
BOY about 15 years of age for men's furnish-
ing store. 424 Kearny st.
3 LABORERS: pick and shovel. Fourteenth
ave. and N st. south; take Kentucky-st. cars.
FIRST-CLASS saloon porter; wages $12 per
we«k. 152 East at.; call early.
BARBER shop: 2 chairs: cigar and tobacco
i»tock; cheap. Inquire D. STOLTZ. 723 Market.
BARBER shop for sale cheap; transient. 222
East st H*3?
WANTED-4-Energetic salesman for^6atsld«
work. THORXE ft CO.. 312 Bush/^t.
MCDONALD A PERRY bav* a large atock ot
ntw and s-cond-hand »ho»«: cheap.- 239 3d »t.
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullla. room 40, Phelaa
bldg. Past Com. Oeo. H. Thomas Post. O.A.R.
MAN to do Janitor work for tuition la S. F.
Barber School. 741A .Howard at.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMA.N'8. 26 Steuart at.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third at., near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms, 35c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertliements and
subscriptions has been established at 1099
Valencia ay ._ ,y~
ALL rlzes men's shoes, allghtly damaged, half
price. 5C3 Mlsxlon at., bet 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoe* half soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 6C3 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
OAK. '419 — Elegantly furnished house; 10 rooms
and 2 baths; large garden; grand view.
I EMPLOYMENT OFFICES. "^
GEORGE^AOKI," 421 Post Tt. ; tel. Bush 135—
. Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
i nlihes best help; contracts for farm help, etc.
IF you want Japanese help, advertise In The
New World. Japanese dally paper. 353 Geary.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chlnese help. 420 Powell. Tel. Main 5752.
A — GRAND Jepanese-Chlnese Emp. Office, 415
Stockton; tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable help.
CHINESE Employment Office— Beet help at
\ Leon Beung's. 411% O'Farrell; tel. East 426.
I RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
| flee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 5183.
¦ CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1097. BRADLEY & CO.. 040 Clay.
j EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
SVrEJDISH"Taundress!~flrst-class:""als'o~two very
fine waitresses for hotels, desire situations.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter St.
AN experienced writer desires to contribute
articles or take entire charge of children's
section of magazine or periodical. Address
box S3. Call office. 1118 Broadway, Oakland.
SWEDISH girl wishes a position to do up-
stairs work and waiting; is a good cook;
wages $30 to $35. Box 4070, Call office.
A GERMAN woman would like to go out by the
day washing. Ironing and cleaning. Box
851C, Call.
EASTERN girl wishes a position as cook in
private family. Call 731 Laurel ave., between
Eddy and Turk sts.. oS Buchanan.
AN experienced working housekeeper with girl
6 years; good cook and baker; $20. 1006 Mis.
elon at. ' ¦
i POSITION as working housekeeper, city or
country; American lady; is competent to .take
full charge. Address for two days box 1697,
Call offlc^
POSITION as housekeeper for man with chil-
dren by widow with experience. Call or ad-
drees MRS. FOREMAN, 840 Webster St.,
Oakland.
COMPETENT 'stenographer; any line; operates
Remington, Yost, Smith; wishes permanent
position; will substitute; salary, $55 per
month. Address box 4015. Call office.
WANTED — By a respectable elderly woman a
poeition as plain cook; is a first-class laun-
dress; small family of adults. 206 Lily ave.
NURSERY governess desires position; one or
two children: hotel preferred; city refer-
ences. Box 1C71. Call.
INTELLIGENT young lady would like position
aa collector; can give good references. Box
43S9. Call.
AN experienced saleslady wlshrs position. Box
1668. Call office.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar, f.33 McAllister St.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
MARRIED man 35 years of age. wishes posi-
tion with wholesale grocery or commission
firm; nine years' experience In grocery busi-
ness; good references. Box 3507, Call.
BARTENDER; German; 29; good references;
7 years with one house; close mixer; New
York experience; honest and reliable. Box
4040. Call office. '
CARPENTER; good; active; also handy with
painters' and paper hangers' tools; wants
work; terms reasonable; references. Box
3513. Call f offlce ;
YOUNG man. well educated and reliable, with
business oxperier.ee, wants ponition In gen-
eral merchandise store in country; best ref-
erences. Box 3^15. Call office.
MALE stenographer with several years' expe-
rience in different lines of office work, and
good references, wants position. Box 4071,
Call office.
BY single young man, work of any kind; ex-
perienced In grocery and ealoon business. Box
4044. Call office. *
POSITION by young man as engineer and elec-
trician in hotel; references. Box 4042. Call.
RELIABLE honest man. thoroughly compe-
tent, wishes position around gentleman's
place; care of garden, horses, cows, etc. Box
,'1«69, Call office^ '
WANTED by an American. 35 years of age,
who has had 15 years of business experience,
position; would prefer outside work as sales-
man, solicitor or collector. Box 1213 Call.
MAN and wife want situations: man can speak
German. Spanlt-h and English: can do any
kind of work: wife speaks Italian and Span-
ish. Box 4302.
SITUATION wanted as mechanical engineer or
construction or designing engineer tor general
mill work by technical graduate; best of ref-
?rences. Box 4017. Call. \
BY tool and die maker and also do general
light machine bench and repair work; fully
equipped with tools, ingenuity and 12 years'
experience. Box 4023. Call.
YOUNG man wishes a position in city; not
afraid of any kind of work. Address WM.
J. GOEBEL. 1711 Market st.
A MAN about place. gardening, attend to
horses, handy with tools; no cowa; good ref-
crences. Box l(fl>6. Call.
WANTED — Situation as barkeeper or helper in
saloon: best of references; little experience.
Iil3 Broadway^ _____^_____
MAN about place, gardening; handy with
tools; no cows; private family. Box 4062,
Call office.
BY a young man as carpenter's helper; can
do most any kind of carpentering. Address
box 1218. Call office. |
TAILOR wants position a» tailor in thla city.
F. M.. box 1C67, Call office.
SOBER, reliable young man wants responsi-
ble position; Al references. Box 4390. Call.
JAPANESE married couple would like situa-
tions* man good housework or gardener and
wife good cook. Address J. HaMAMOTO.
633 Sixteenth st.. Oakland.
JAPANESE, member of Japanese Y. M. C. A.,
wants situation as school boy In small ¦ fam-
ily. AddressTVa^^lSl^Halght^st.
AN honest Japanese wants a situation aa
schoolboy In small family. Address TOY
NAKA. 807 Polk st.
JXpaNESE: good elevator boy, who has had
many years' experlena^ wants position. F.
G., 612 Turk st.
JAPANESE man and wife want situation* as
cook and houseworker; best reierences. T.
N1INOMI, 18 St. Mary St.. city.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FlUmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006 Va-
lencia st. :>*.•.:¦.'
FINANCIAL^
rpl:R"cENT^O~<rpER^ENT rflGH GRADE
Municipal. School. Railroad and Corporation
Bonds.
Bank and Trust Company Stocks.
Selected for conservative Investors.
Write for information to
HEAZELTON & CO.,
Stock and Bond Brokers,
Hayward building,
San Francisco," Cal.
FLATS TO LET.
A — HOUSES and flats to let: an 'immense list:
service absolutely free; take advantage ot
this department; it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-259 Geary
tt.. on the square. "S
¦- v
NEW, modern flat; all the latest Imp.; close
In to town: one block from Van Ness ave.
1127 O'Farrell at., near Franklin.
SUNNY flat of 6 rooms and bath. 460 Bryant
St., near Third.
FLAT of 6 rooms and bath. 110 Leavenworth
street. \ /
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
If. pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FOLSOM, 754, near Third — 7-room well-fur-
nlshed house; 3 rooms take in $4 above rent;
all full: must sell; no dealers or agents.
FURNITURE WANTED.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission. Phone Red 44C2.
buy?, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
Cal. Auction House pays highest prices for fur-
nlture. flats, etc. 1105 Mission: tel. Mint 2481.
HIGHEST price for furniture and mdae. L. H.
BURP. auctloneer.lSlS Mkt. ;tel. Howard 275H.
; HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
WA7mn£Xc^o1^''$l5o^^
?30: parlormaid, $30, see lady office 10 o'clock
to-day; matron boys' school, $25: 4 second
girls, $20 to $25; 2 nurse girls, $15 to $20;
housework. San Rafael, $30; chambermaid,
$20; French second girl, $25; maid, $25;
waitress, hotel, $25; second girl. Mare Isl-
and, $25; housework, San Jose, $30, and 60
girls for all kinds of housework in city and
all nearby towns, places too many to adver-
tise. Apply to J. F.' CRESETT & Co , 334
Butter s^ _^^
A WAITRESS country hotel, see party here
$25; nurse, $25; laundress and chamber maid
$25; houseglrl, $40; 10 cooks, $35 and $30;
second girl, $30; waltressr $30. MRS. NOR-
-TON. 313 Sutter st.
YOUNG lady bookkeeper for a, retail butcher
business; state experience and wages ex-
pected. Box 3519. Call.
HELP WAXTF.D— FKMALE--C011.
A — 3 waltresaes. same country hotel $25
Waitress, short distance $25
Lunch waitress; no Sunday work; week.... $4
Chambermaids, chm-waltresses $20 to $25
Swedish cook, country, fare paid $.15
Coek, city hotel, sleep home $10
Waitresses, city and country $20 to $25
Infant's nurse, $20: second girl, Stockton,
$20: second girl, city. $25; cooks, house-
girls, second girls, M5 to $3O.
C. B_ HAXSEN & CO.. 420 Bush at.
A — WANTED — Girls to learn halrdresslng,
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading school in*
West. 233 Geary at., room 13.
A — LADIES, learn all branches halrdresslng
trade; manicuring, massage, etc., 1236 Mar-
ket St.. cor. Jones, room 04; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve. class; call.
A— Girls to learn millinery new' for fall season;
both seasons taught from start to finish In 1
month for $10; positions as trimmers, sales-
ladles, etc., guaranteed at $10 per week up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton St., r. 13.
MIDDLE-AGED women to sew on buttons by
hand. Levl Strauss & Co.'* Shirt Factory,
86^ Fremont st.; sec MR. HINDSHAW.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS; -NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
PAID SALAP.Y. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S
FACTORIES S'2*£ FREMONT ST. AND 1873
MISSION. NEAR" FIFTEENTH.
CIGARETTE makers wanted: steady work and
good wages.* The JOHN COLLMAN CO..
corner Front and Pacific sts.
FIRST-CLASS finishers wanted at KRAGEN,
BAMBERGER CO.. 4C3 Mission St.. 4th floor.
WANTED — Experienced waitress and parlor-
maid; wages 530. 1714 Van Ness ave.
GIRLS to fold circulars; can easily make $5
week. Apply 101 First st.
WANTED — Young girl to assist with house-
work. 2829 Bush st.
COMPETENT girl for plain cooking and gen-
eral housework; wages $25. 1868 Fell st.
•WANTED — Middle-aged woman for !iouse-
1 work; wages J12. 12C3 McAllister tt.
GIRL for general housework and plain cook-
ing. 1216 Fulton st.
IMMEDIATELY — Young lady to teach district
' school. C. ESTERLY, 51S Parrott bldg.
WANTED — Experienced bollermakers; steady
work; standard wages. Box 4043. Call.
GIRL to assist with baby. Address Box 4045,
Call. ,
WANTED — A lady presser; good wages." Ap-
ply 208% Leavenworth st.
AN acDrentlce for corset making; one who
sews. 514 Slitter Bt.
WANTED— A girl to tend candy store; hours
4 to 11. Apply 422 Montgomery ave.
WANTED— Good cook; wages $30; reference.
Apply 1035 Clay st. =
FIRST-CLASS finisher on men's custom coats;
steady work; high wages. 633 Natoma st.
GERMAN girl; light housework; plain cooking;
wages $20. 3008 Sixteenth st.
GIRL for general housework and plain cooking.
1440 OFarrell st.
EXPERIENCED hand at dressmaking, one
who understands first-class work; also im-
prover; an apprentice paid. 411 Mason st.
GIRLS wanted — Box department Mutual Label
and Litho Co, Second and Bryant sts.;
Bryant-st. entrance. "
GIRL for light housework In flat; small fam-
ily. Call 1530 Fulton st.
WANTED^-First-class waist, skirt and coat
hands and errand girl. J. BAER, 1200 Geary.
WANTED— Pants finisher; best union work.
CO Tehama.
GOOD hands on vests; also apprentice with
experience. 011 »£ Stevenson St., S. F.
GIRL for general housework; Email family.
Flat 12C4 Ellis B^ /
GIRL to assist in housework; 2 adults and 1
child in family. 1750 Ellis st.
LUNCH waitress wanted. C15 Valencia st.
2 FIRST-CLASS finishers on coats. 1103 Mar-
ket st.
FINISHER on pants; steady work. 36 Geary
st., room 33.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutts 6 p. m. Wednesday: salary no object.
WANTED — C*od pants finishers; good wagea.
Apply at once. S. N. WOOD & CO.. 27
Geary at. I
GIRLS about 15 for factory wori: good wages.
Apply at once. AMES * HARRIS, 100 Sacra-
nipnto st. '
WAIST Kklrt and sleeve hands; also Improvers.
MULRONEY, 110 Geary st. . ,
2 LADIES of good address to represent a high-
grade magazine. 50 Columbian bldg., city.
FIRST-CLASS stenographers furnished. Miss
M. G. Barrett. Instructor. 302 Montgomery.
HELP "WANTED HALE.
AT CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
60 Third St.. nr. Call bldg.; phone Bush 405.
NEVADA AND UTAH.
FREE FARE.
RYNDON GOLCONDA AND RENO.
S. P. R. R. CO.'S OWN WORK.
100 laborers. $2 a day.
We Ship Dally on All Trains.
Crowds Are Going. Are You?
OREGON— FARE ADVANCED.
I 5 coal miners. 6-foot vein. $1 a ton. *
BUTTE COUNTY. DIAMOND MATCH CO.
FEE $1. CHICO. SHIP TO-DAY.
Half fare. $2 80. FEE $1.
25 teamsters. $75 a month.
20 drlllersi $2 50 a day.
100 laborers, trackmen, woodchoppers and
right-of-way men, $2 25 a day,
OREGON FREE FARE.
75 Greek 'and Italian laborers, $2 to $3 day.
HUMBOLDT CO.
28 laborers. $2 to $3 a day; fare advanced
, and half fare. $2 50.
2 ranch hands, Eastern men preferred, $1 a
day. bed and board.
CALIFORNIA EMP. AGENCY. SO Third st.
SAN FRANCISCO Emp. Bureau, 17 Fourth st.
Laborers and teamsters, free fare on all Jobs.
We have Just opened a new office and we
have all kinds of work for old and young.
We have a nice clean office and you are al-
ways welcome.^ We have all the dally maga-
zines and- papers on file,' and if you want to
have a rest call and see us, and if you wish
.to work we will do our best to please you.
We ship every day to El Dorado County. All
kinds of -lumber and woods men Jobs. City
: work of all kinds. . •-
17: Fourth St.. ........Phone Grant 20
The baseball man thinks it great fun
To swat the sphere for a home run.
He sets well paid to do such deeds;
And thus supplies his daily needs.
Our praises sung on bleacher harps;
We cannot all be baseball sharps,
But we can win in life's great game.
By home runs get success and fame.
The way, of course, is know to all —
Just put a Want Ad In The Call.The Call's Cook Book prem
ium offer will close on October
30, 1903, and all readers of this
paper who desire a copy of this
household treasure should not
fail to place their order im
mediately.
This splendid premium will
be offered to Call subscribers at
the exceptionally low rate of
fifty . cents per copy. Out of
town orders twenty cents ad
ditional to cover prepayment of
transportation charges.
COOK BOOK OFFER TO
CLOSE OCTOBER 30.
8. Itomanl, G. Martini and L. Valsansl
acomo, who conduct a macaroni factory
at 427 Jackson street, cannot agree, and
have decided to dissolve the partnership.
In a suit for dissolution filed yesterday by
Romanl and Martini against Valsangla
como they ask the court to appoint a re
ceiver to take charge of , the . business
pending a settlement of their affairs.
Macaroni Makers Are at Outs.
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
•' Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
. Morning Session. ¦ - ,
1100 Andes 23 2C0 Overman .... 23
ICO Caledonia ... 9fi tiOO Potosl 2<»
400 Cton C & Va.l 40 700 Potoel 23
.200 Keyes Graeslr 80 3CO Savage 2fl
20O Ophir 1 C3I 100 Utah 23
Afternoon Session.
200 Andes 22 600 Crown Point.. 20
100 Belcher 21 400 Mexican 160
100 Belcher 20 400 Ophir 1 RO
100 Belcher 19 6OO Potosi ....... 23
100 Best & Belch.l 60 200 Savage 23
200 Challenge Con 31 300 Seg Becher... 07
* 100 Con C & Va.l 33 30O Sierra Nev .. B5
1000 Con Imperial.. 03 200 Union Coa .. «8
100 Confidence ... 7.* 200 Union Con .. 69
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on th« Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday: -
Morning Session.
300 Andes Zi 300 Overman .... 25
300 Chollar 26 200 Sierra Ner .. 68
200 Crown Point. 20 200 Bllver Hill .. M
200 Mexican 1 10| SOO Union Coa ..60
Afternoon Session.
600 Andes 22 20O Mexican ...1 07*4
300 Belcher 20 10O Ophir 1 «Vt
. SOO Bullion 09 200 Ophir 1 67*4
100 Con C 8c V.I 87% 300 Potosi 23
600 Crown Point.. 20 600 Savage 23
200 Gould & Cur. 24 300 Sierra Ner .. 68
600 Julia 07 200 Unto* Con .. 6S
600 Julia 06 SOO Utah 21
TONOPAH MINESl
Following' were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining 1 Exchang» yester
day:
Morning Session.
1000 Brunswick .. 05; 100 Ton & Cal .. 15
200 MacNamara . 18 600 Ton A Cal . . 2O
100 Mont Ton ... 93 i 25 Ton of Nev...7 73
600 Pine Grove .. 75; 200 Ton N Star .. 38
200 Pine Grove .. 74, 100 Ton N Star .. 37
400 Ton Belmont.l 23 j 100 Ton N Star .. 3t
100 Ton Belmont.1 20 1 300 Ton N Star .. 33
Afternoon Session. *
600 Brunswick ... 0*; 200 Rescue " 10
8000 Esperanza ... C2j 60 Ton Belmont.l 30
100 Mont Ton ... 96 800 Ton N Star .. 33
1000 Mont Ton ... 041 200 Ton N Star .. 33
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. Oct. 6— 4 p. ra.
Bld.Ask.1 Bid. Asic.
Alpha OS 07 Justice 07 00
Alta 04 00'Kentuck . 03 03
Andes 21 22 Keyes Graeslr 82 —
Belcher 19 20 Lady Wash... 03 O*
Best & Belch.l 50 1 tu) Mexican 1 05 t 10
Bullion - OS 10 Occidental ... 28 2S
Caledonia ... 91 05 Ophir 165 160
Challenge Con 30 32 Overman .... 21 23
Chollar 24 2« Potosi 25 23
Confidence ... 74 77 Savage 24 28
Con Cal & Va.1 35 1 40 Bcorplon 02 04
Con Imperial. 03 04 Sea Bejcher.. OS 07
Con N York. 16 —Sierra Nev... 65 M
Crown Point.. 1!> 21 Silver Hill... 65 68
Eureka Con.. 40 60 St Louis 11 —
Exchequer... 13 14 Eyndlcate .... 04 08
Gould & Cur. 22 24 Union Con. ... 66 €7
Hale & Norc. 66 — Utah 2O 22
Julia 05 OtJ Yellow Jacket 45 4S
TONOPAH MINES;
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Esperanza ... 02 oZ Ton Belmont.l 15 1 23
Lucky Tom C : — 10 Ton St Cal.... 21 —
MacNamara . 15 18Ton of Nev. — 7 62%
Mizpah ...... — 35 Ton N Star. .. 83 34
Montana. Ton. 93 1 00 Ton Midway. 87 40
Pine Grove... 78 80T0n & S Lake- 80 —
Rescue 08 10 United Ton. .. 10 IT
Reed Crude ". 88 41
S F & McKtttrick 2 75
San Joaauin O & r>... _ 5 25
Senator 68
Sovereign ....'. 38 41
Sterling 2 75
Superior OtJ 07
Tblrty-threa .;..... 3 00
Toltec 21
Twenty-eight 4 00 .4 23
West Shore S 90 3 23
Miscellaneous—
Abbly Land & Improvement.. 1 60 1 73
#Vlameda Sugar 29 00
American Biscuit 88 00 85 00
American District Tel .....
Cal Gas & Electric Orp *....¦ ......
California Cotton Mills SS 00 95 00
California Jockey Club 103 OO
California Shipping Co 25 00
Cal Title Ins & Trust 13O 0O 140 00
Central Bank of Oakland.... 60 OO . ......
Chutes Company S 23 . . ....
Cypress Lawn Imp Co 6 25 .....
Fischer's Theater 2 75
Gas Consumers' Association. 23 50
Honolulu Sugar 15 OO IS 00
Northern Cal Power 900 »B0
North Shore Railroad 0 00
Orpheum Company 13 23 .....
Pacific States Tel St Tel 115 CO
Paraffins Paint 83 00 . ....
San Francisco Drydock 47 00
Sanitary Reduction Works... 2 23 .....
Sausallto Land & Ferry.... 16 00
Sperry Flour Company 27 50 30 00
Standard Electric ' 13 00
Tesla Coal Co • SO OO
Truckee Electric 13 00
Union Sugar 22 50 .....
United Oas A Electrlo 34 SO
OFFICIAL SALES.
Morning Session.
1500 011 City Petrolemn 29
100O Chicago Crude «.* 21
100 Home Oil Co 1 15
Afternoon Session.
Board-—
200 Home Oil Co 1 10
100 Home Oil Co ........' 1 03
895 Four Oil' ..'. 68
B.EAI, ESTATE . TBANSACTIOITS.
Philip J. Stolz (owner) with Charles B. Co
burn (contractor), architect Charles J. Rous
seau — AH work for a 3-story frame building
(flats) on lot on E line of Noe street, 60 S ot
Henry, S 25 by E 85, Mission block 101: $8300.
Gus Soher (owner) with same contractor,
architect same — All work for a 2-story ana
basement frame building- (fiats) on lot on K
line of Noe street, 25 S of Henry, S — , E 85,
N 25. W 85. Mission block 101: $5475.
R. D. Davis & Co. (owner) with John Slmmra
(contractor), architects Meyer & O" Brier. —
Showcases, counters, shelving and finishing
and hardware of same in store. In NW corner
of building on NE corner of Geary street and
Grant avenue. N 122:6, E 60. S C2:6, W 19:5,
8 60, W 40:7; $2250.
Builders' Contracts.
Gaorge and Kate Ryan to William B. Yates,
lot on-E line of Condon street, .99 N of Per
alta avenue, N 25 by E 70, lot -.20, mas 2,
George Ryan's subdivision of Preclta Valley
lots 234 to 236: $10.
• Elvira C. Oakley (Chattin) to Kate Ryan,
lot 1354, gift map 3 (quitclaim deed); $1.
George and Kate Ryan to Earl and Marie
Wassermann, lot on NW corner of Wolfe and
Flguaro streets (now Franconia), W 25 by N
70, lot 1354, gift map 3; $10.
John McDonnell to M. A. Meier, lot on SE
line of F street, 48:6 SW of Fourteenth avenue,
SE 73:2. SE 158:5, SW 09:8. NW 230:2%. SE
26:7, block 2S2, South San Francisco Home
stemd Association; grant- ¦- -;,¦.
Henry Meyer to Katie Meyer, lots 871 and
373, gift map 1; $10.
Katie Meyer to Anthony Snolensky, same;
$10.
M. T. and H. I*. Estes to P. L. Britt. lot 048,
gift maa 2; $10. '
Continental Building and Loan Association
to Jane "Watson, lot 1040, gift map 3; $10.
S. Ducas Company to. Alfred and' Emma Al
berts, lot on W corner of Seventeenth avenue
and I street, NW 75 by SW 100, lot 1, block
SGI, South San Francisco Homestead Asso
ciation; $10.
Same to Milam and Ellen Elkesv. lot on E
line of Berlin street. 150 N of Way land. N
25 by E 120, lot 14, block 11, University
Mound; $10.
Same to Joe and Dora Brown, lot on NE
line of Eighth avenue, 160 SE of L street.
SB 50 by NE 100, block 141? Central Park; $10.
State of California, by Edward J. Smith,
Tax Collector (property assessed to John Ras
mussen) to Isabella Dahler, lot 7, block X.
Park Lane Tract 3; $175.
Louise M. and Frederick W. McCann to John
W. Wright, lot on S line of Washington street.
107:8 W of Maple. W 68:10, S 123:3ft, E
50:414, N 131:3ft; $10.
John W. and Annie L. Wright to Lewis I.
Cowglll, lot on S line of "Washington street.
107:8 W of Maple. W 12:4. S 129:7, E 12:8, N
131:3^; $10. • •
Ella M. Rohlffs to Julie Faure, lot on BE
line of Mission street. 265.03 SW of Eleventh,
SW 60, SE 80.75. NB 42.72, NW 82.25; $10.
Berthe and Isidor Lipman to George H.
Blucher, lot on E line of Elgin Park. 275 N
of Ridley street. N.25 by E 75; $10.
Robert F. and Mary L. Bucknam to Jaxnsa
P. Douahue, lot on N line of Liberty street.
255 W of Guerrero. W 25 by N 114; $10.
Winfleld S. and Burt L. Davis to Helen M.
Patterson- et al.. lot on W line of Dolores
street, 40 N of Twenty-fourth, N 53 by W
117:6; alao lot on W line of Taylor street,
t;8 9 S of Bush S 30 by W 137:6; also lot on
W- line of Valencia street. 128 N of Twenty
first, N 28 by W 110; also lot on .W line of
Guerrero street, 244 S of Twenty-nrit. S 32 by
W 117 :C- also lot on W line of Guerrero street,
1S3*S of Twenty-first, S 61 by W 117:6, quit
claim deed; $10. - - . . ¦
Marian r G. Byrne. Harriet, B. Becker Grace
E. Maxwell, Alice M. Richardson and Estelle
M Fyfe to Helen M. Patterson, lot on W line
of Guerrero street, 244 S of Twenty-first, S 32
by" W 117 -C; also lot on W line of Guerrero
street, 1S4 S of Twenty-first, S 61 by W 117 :tt;
$10. „ -'
Marian G. Byrne. Helen M. Patterson. Grace
E. Maxwell and Alice M. Richardson to Har
riet B. Becker (wife) and Estelle M. Fyfe, lot
on W line of Valencia street, 128 N of Twenty
first, N 28 by W 110; $10.
Helen M Pattersftn. Harriet B. Becker, Alice
M. Richardson and Estelle M. Fyfe to Marian
G. Byrne and Grace E. Maxwell, lot on W line
of Dolores street, 40 N of Twenty-fourth, N 5J
by W 117:6; $10.
Same to same, lot on W line of Taylor street.
68:9 3 of Bush, S 80 by W 137:6; $10.
Marion and Frances Leventritt to Exchange
Realty Company, lot on S line of Pine street,
87:6 E of Montgomery, being SE corner of Pine
street and Laura place, E 77:6 by S 137:6; also
undivided % of lot on S line of Pine street, lta
E of Montgomery. E 25 by S 137:6; $10.
Margaret and William McCormlck to Thomas
Deniljan, lot on W line of Stockton street, 65 S
Of O'Farrell, S 27:6 by W 82:6; $10.
William A. Jr. and Carrie T. Schults to
William A. Schultz, lot on N line of O Farrell
street, 07:6 E of Mason, E 20 by N 60; also
lot on SW line of Steuart street, 109:10- SB of
Market. SE 27:8 by SW 45:10; J2500.
George N. Engel to John H. Engel and Mary
A. Gruschel (Engel), lot on N line of Union
street 137:6 E of Hyde. E 80 by N 127:6; also
lot on S lino of Lincoln place. 68:9 E of Hyde.
E6S:9, S 67:6. W 8:9, N 50. W 60 N 17:t5;
also lot on N line of Lincoln place, 87:6 E of
Hyde, E 50 by N 50; gift.
Mary A. Martin to William. G. Moorehead,
lot on E line of Mississippi street. 175( N of.
Butte, E 100 by N 25; $10.
Hannah B. Dingley to Mary S. Carnall, undi
vided % of lot on SW corner of Maria and Min
nesota streets, S 50 by W 100; also lot on W
line of Wisconsin street, 250 8 of Twenty
fifth. S DO by W 100: $325.
William Buick to Kate.Buick. lot on E line
of Fifth avenue. 100 S of California street
South. S 25 by E 120; gift.
William B. Sharp (by J. F. Tyler, commis
sioner) to Thomas Qulgley, lot on W line ot
Thirty-sixth avenue, 375 S of Point Lobos. V,
202:6, SE 250, N 145; $746.
Thomas Quigley to Henry G. Meyer, lot on
W line of Thirty-sixth avenue, 375 S of Point
Lobos W 202:6, SE 250, W 133:3; $10.
Orville D. and Millie E. Baldwin to Jennie
F. Moore (wife of R. H.), lot on S line of
K street. 45 W of Forty-seventh avenue, W
37:6 by S 100: $10.
Bernhard and Rose Gets to Michael and Es
ther Boden, lot on W line of Eighteenth ave
nue, 800 S of L street. S GO by W 120; $10.
Annie Hendry to Charles W. Pope, lot .on
W line of Thirteenth avenue. 170 S of L street.
S 25 by W 119:6, N 25:5, E 118:5; $10.
Emma Ferguson (Burmeister), wjfe of Rod
erick, to Bernha,rd Getz, ¦ lot on E line of
Forty-sixth avenue, 225 S of S street, S 75 by
E 120; $10 • -
M. S. Cavallera to Virgilio Mulanesio, lot on
S line of Cortland avenue. 135:2% W of And
over street. W 25 by S 112 :C5. lot 13, block 0,
Fair's subdivision; $10.
Herold R. and Maggie Williams to George
Ryan, lot on N line of Rutledge street. 230. E
of Alabama, E 25 by N 100, Preclta Valley
lots 204 and 205; $10.
Edith V. A. and Davis J. LamOree to Mary
K. Whelan (wife of James J.), ' lot on E line
of Masonic avenue, ' 287 B of Waller street,
S 52 :«. E 105. NW to Flint Tract. NB 2S:8.
W 62:6; $10.
Ella F. O'Brien to Jeannetto M. Lafiln (wife
of Addlson II.), lot on E line of Ashbury street.
212:0 S of Frederick. 8 27 ;6 by B 106:3; $10.
P. E. and Mary A. Bowles to "William Mann,
lot on S line of Sutler street, 144:3 W of Lyon.
W eO:3, S 05, E 4, S 6, B 46, NB 100:6; |10.
Joseph V. Costello to Alexander and Margaret
McKay, lot on S Una of Bush street. 100 B of
Davlsadero, E 50. S 110:11. W 12:6. S 1:7. W
37:0, N 112.MJ; $10.
Alexander and Josephine. E. McKay to
Dennis J. Mercer, lot on S line of Golden Gate
avenue 137 :tt W of Buchanan street. W 27:6
by S 13" :C; $ .
Estate of Bonnet Bonnet (by T. F. Bonnet
and 11. Mac Vine, executors) to Charles II. and
Dietrich G. Kohn, lot on S line, of Turk street.
22:10 W of Buchanan. W 23 by S 66:6; $3900.
Joseph C. Meyerstein to Cora V. Stlnson, un
divided 1-5 of lot on B lln« of Octavla street.
50 S of Vallejo, S 47:6 by E 112:6; $10.
Same to Caesar Meyerateln. undivided 1-3
of same; |10.
. P. B." Cornwall to Bruce- Cornwall, lot on B
line of Buchanan street, 137:8 N of. Halffht,
B 100 by N 50; $10. i- IV ="-.*;
Carrie and L. Mlchela and I* A. Levy to
Morris 'Cobc, lot on N line of O'Farrell street.
110 E of Octcvia, E 27:6 by N 120; $10.
TUESDAY. OCTOBER 6.
Mare Iiland and Vallejo Steamers.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
9:45 a. m.. 3:13 and 8:30 p. m., except Sunday.
Sunday. 9:45 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leave Vallejo,
7 a. m.. 12:30 noon. C p.m.. ex. Sunday. Sun
day, : 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Fare, BO cents. Tai.
Main 1508. Fier 2, Mission- St. dock. HATCH
BROS,
OAKLAND,. Oct. 6. — Mrs. Jennie
Thresher Herrick, wife of Dr.". I* F. Her
rick, died " at : her , home, 816. Fourteenth
street, . last : night i at ; 11 :30, \ ag^d 36 years.
Mrs. Herrick was a prominent member, of
the; First ! * Congregational" Church, being
secretary of the Young Ladies' : Guild and
was a , member- of ! Oakland Chapter No.
140, 'Order of C the ,' Eastern Star. The
funeral will be held from .the family resi
dence at 2 o'clock to-morrow afternoon.
"Wife of Dr. Herrick Dead.
The funeral will "be held Thursday from
the family ¦ residence/ Interment' ¦will be
in Mountain View .Cemetery.; .
OAKLAND, Oct. 6.— Herbert W. Adams,
¦who "for many.- years held ' a position of
guide at v the United States Mint in San
Francisco, died suddenly at 4 o'clock this
morning at his. home, 1305 Clay street.
Deceased was 61 years of age and leaves
a wife and one son.* He was a member of
Lyon Post No. «, Q. A. R — '¦"",
Herbert ' W. ; Adams Expires at His
. Home After Illness of an
Hour. '
OIiD EMPLOYE OF THH
-: MINT DIES SUDDENLY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 7. 1903.
Continued From Page Eleven.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
13
' SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE partnership heretofore existing between
the undersigned,", doing business "Under the
name and 6tyle of KELM & EPPLER,' has
this day been dissolved by mutual consent.
Dated S. F.. Oct. «, 1903, CHAS. A. KELM,
JOHN G. EPPLER. . ¦
- . .-•'
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES in EAR3
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
,. ment free. Dr. Cottlngham. 20t Satter st.
SEWIXG MACHINES AND SUPPLIES
NEW HUMK sewing macniue. this week only,'
..$10. 915, $20: slightly used: needles 20c dos..
NE"W HOME S M. CO.. 1051 Market st.
SHOPS TO liE-E ~~~"
PATTERN shop to rent, with power; cheap.
• Von Eerkey Gas Engine Co., 219 Main st,
STUTTERING AA'P STAMMEllIXG.
MELBOURNE School, Van Ness-Market— Cure
. In every case; individual teaching; no medl-
* cine Inquire into wonderful cures; home cure.'
MABRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday :
Matthew P. Brady, 21, 306 Seventh street,
and Clara A. Follmer, 21, South San Fran-
cisco. ,
Thomas H. Crouch, 23. city, and Dora Even-
sen. 18, city.
William E. McDonald, 21, 63 Rausch street,
and Juliet T. Eustace, IS, 2-11 Sweeny street.
John F. Buker, 28, 1338 Jackson street, and
Annie E. "Williams, 2G, 1607 California street.
Joseph "W. Henry, 30, 502 Sutter street, and
Marguerite L. English, 22, 1311 Gough ftreet.
William Robinson, 24, 416 Natomff street,
and Mamie Harris, 22, 418 Natoma street.
Harry S. Close, 80, city, and Jennie Dono-
van, 32, city.
Karl MetUer. 23. 1057tHoward street, and
Katharina Stump, 24, city.
Virgil R. Wilson, 36, Coquille, Or., and
Winifred M." Tartar, 26, city.
Frank H. Aylworth, 29, city, and Harriet
J. Ambrose, 21, jity.
William R. Lnndram, 34, city, and Gertrude
M. Parker, 29, Mrll Valley. . •
Timothy H. Konrad. 26, 2C3 Ninth street,
and Pearl McC. Kennedy. 18. 1202 Folsom st.
"BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
BIrtb, marriage and death notices eent by,
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at -either of the publication offices «and be
indorsed with the -name and residence of per-
sona authorized to have the eame published, j
\ BORN".
BUCK— In this city. , September 80. ,1003, to.
the wife of John .Buck, a son.
-ENPERLIX-J-In'thls city, September -28, 1003,:
to the wife of Albert N. Enderlin, a daugh-'
ter.
"MARBIEDr"
FLEISCHHAUER— WOLCHOW— In this city,
October 4, 1003, by the Rev. Paul Branke,
Charles H. Fleischhauer and Ottille Wol-
chow, both of San Francisco.
Adams, William H, . Herrick, Jennie T.
Anderson, George A. Hill, Maud
Blundon, Joseph W. Hopkins, Peter
Bohen, Benjamin F. ' Hughes. Thomas
Brown, Clara Kelly, Margaret T.
Coftey, John J. King, Joseph
Conway, Thomas Kuntz, Francis H.
(t'orbett, Bridget Lacoste, Vincent
Cousins, Abble J. Llevre. Adele
Desky, Minnie Palmes, Edward C.
Peuprey, Eugene N. Parker, Ella A.
. . ESdridge, Truman Samuels, Barnett
Fisher, Thomas W. Eargent, Francis
Foppiano, Pietro Schaefer, Mary
Garcia, Carman Sprague. Hubert A.
Grace, Joseph Tempest. Isabella
Hahn, William Tracy, Harry M.
Hastings, Fredric II. Tep Wee
Heaney, Thomas F.
ADAMS — In Oakland, October 6, 1003, at 1305
Clay street, : William Herbert, beloved hus-
band of Harriet Adams, and father of Her-
bert Adams, a native of Illinois, asred 61
years 2 months and 25 days. A. member of
Lyon Post, G. A. R.
ANDERSON— In this city, October 6, 1903,
George A., beloved son of Charles and Annie
Anaerson, and brother of . Charles Edward
and Hilma Marie Anderson, a native of San
¦ Francisco, . aged 4 years 1 month and 12
days.
BLUNDON — In Martinez, Contra Costa County,
Joseph W. Blundon, "husband of Carrie Hi.
Blundon, and beloved father of Flora M. and
¦ Maud G. Blundon of Oakland,,, a native of
Maryland, aged 45 • years. - ~ ,
BOHEN— In this city, dctober G, 1903, Benja-
min Franklin Bohen. a native, of Baltimore,
Md.. aged 70 years. -*-•- ---
(ET'Notlce. of funeral hereafter. ' ', :
BROWN— In this city. October . 5, 1003, Clara
Brown, wife of William Brown, and sister
of Mrs. J. Whitney and John Samson, a
native of California, aged 29 years.
£ ICT" Notice .of funeral hereafter. Remains
at tbe parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767
Mission street, between Third Fourth.
COFFEY— In this city,' October 6," 1003, at his
residence, 2t5OO Twenty->flrst street, John.J.,
belcved husband of Nettie Coffey, and father
of Eva" Coffey, a native 'of San Francisco,
aged 37 years 2 months and 0 days. .
, (rJTNotlce of funeral" hereafter.
CONWAY — In this, city, October 6. 1903,
. Thomas, dearly beloved husband of Maria
Conway. brother- of James Conway and Mrs.
C. N. Allison, and son of the late Michael
and Hannah Conway, a native of San Fran-
cisco. ¦ • ¦ . ' " \,
CORBETT— In this city, October 6, 1903, at
her residence,' 1211 Stevenson street, between
Hermann and Brady, Bridget, .beloved wife
of MalachS Corbett, loving mother of Ed-
ward, John,. James, Annie and William Cor-
bett and Mrs. Robert Welspiel, and beloved
aunt of Mrs. Edward Herald and Miss Kate
Murray, a native of Taughmaconnell, County
Roscommi.n, Ireland, aged C5 years 3 months
nnd 15 days. .
COUSINS— In Alameda, October 4, 1003. Ab-
ble J. Cousins, beloved wife of Captain N.
E. Cousins, loving mother of Alice Judkins
and sister of A. D. Carvill, Mrs. George H.
Plppy of San Francisco and Mrs. J. M.
Bteadman of Portland, Me., a native of
Maine. .'
inrFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral ' cervices to-day (Wednes-
' day), at 10:30 o'clock, at her late residence,
corner Clinton and Lafayette streets, near
Chestnut-street station, narrow-gauge rail-
road, Alameda. Please omit flowers. Inter-
ment private.
DESKY— In Oakland, October C, 1003. Minnie
Desky, beloved wife of Charles 8. Desky of
Honolulu, a native of Hungary, aeed 33
years.
DEUPREY— In this city, October 4, 1003. Eu-
gene Nelson, beloved husband .of Florence
Uhlhborn Deuprey, a native of New Orleans,
aged 53 years 1 month and. 27 days. <
(CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets,
under the auspices of Occidental Lodge No.
22. F. and A. M. Interment J. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
ELDRIDGE— In the City and County Hoepital,
October «, 1903,' Truman Eldrldge, a native
of New York, aeed 64 years.
FISHER— In this city, October 6, 1003, Thomas
. W. Fisher, dearly beloved husband of Ethel
FisKer, a native of Washington, D. C, aged
42 years. . .
IC7" Remains at the parlors of Valente,' Ma-
rinl & Co., 1524 Stockton street.
FOPPIANO— In this city, October 4. 1903.
. Pietro Foppiano, dearly beloved husband of
the late Rosa Foppiano, beloved father, of
Nicola Foppiano and Mrs. Leveronl, grand-
. father of Edward, Peter, Frank &nd Mario
Leveronl and Rosa Foppiano, and . father-in-
law of Frank Leveroni and Emella Foppiano,
a native of Cieagna, Italy, aged 72 years 4
months • and 10 days. •
(^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend tho funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 421 Green street, between Dupont and
¦ Kearny. N. B. — At 9 o'clock the same day
there, will be celebrated at . Sts. Peter and
Paul's Italian Church a requiem high mass
for the repose of hia soul.. Interment Italian
Cemetery, • "
GARCIA— In this city, -October 4, 1903, Car-
man Garcia, a native of Mexico, aged 82
years 2 months, and 17 days.
GRACE— In this city, October 5, 1003, Joseph
Grace, a native of Ireland, aged 47 years.
A member of the Pacific Coast Marine Fire-
men's Union. ¦ »
(E7-Remains at, the parlors of McFadden,
McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth.
HAHN— In this city, October 6. 1903, John "Wil-
liam,- beloved husband of Elise - Hahn, and
-father of Mrs. C.*W. Ives, MrB. L. Ahlborn.
Mrs. S. W. Dixon and Henry F., Emli C, John
W., Milton E. and, the la« William and Liz-
zie Hahn, a . native pf • Hanover, Germany,
aged 70 years 0 months and 8 days.
(ty Friends and acquaintance's are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
HENRY J. CALL ACHER CO.
:'f' (Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher.) •
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mg£
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMBRS..
20 Fifth st., opposite 'Lincoln School. -
. Telephone South 80. "
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
— —^—Funeral ¦ Directors and Embalmers.— -
in Metropolitan Temple, '
Now. at 806 MISSION. -Tel. South 167.-
Between Fourth and Fifth, Near Fifth at.
.. Flnert Equipment* at Moderate Rates." it;
James McGinn.' '.• Henry Hanse^^
JAMES McGINN & CO.. -I
Formerly With -McGinn Bros.. 1
t - — —Funeral Directors ¦ and Embalmeri. I j
¦ -214 Eddy st.: Tel: South 576. I
OCEAN TBAVELb
'. . ' i
/i""»v. Steamers leav* San Fraa-
/fXJJ^-^CwV Cisco aa follows;
Ar%Z_ Fcr Ketchikan, Wrangel.
Av/TftBUaeii \.A\ Juneau, Halnes, Skagway,
f I \«3Sa I I et <J-. Alaska— 11 a. m.. Oct.
I I YSaSkai j 3, 8, 13, 13, 23. 23, Nov. i.
Vo>\ \\ Change to company's steam*
V*^O» ZyJ ers at Seattle.
TSdfj&Y®/ *"«>r Victoria. Vaacouv-r.
-*^ Port Townsend, Seattle, Ta-
coma. Everett. Wbatcom — 11 a. m. Oct. 3. 8.
13, 18. 23, 28, Nov.. 2 Change at Seattle to
this company's steamers for Alaska and O. N.
Ry.; at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. By.; at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— Pomona, 1:34
p. m.. Oct. 1, 7. 13, 10. 23, 81. Nov. 8; Corona,
1:30 p. m., Oct. 4. 10. 18. 22. 28. Nov. 3.
For -Los Angeles (via Port Los Angele* ant
Redondo), San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa, Sundays, 9 a. m.
State of California, Thursdays, 0 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and Sast
San Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz, Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Harford (Saa
Luis Otlspo), Ventura and Huenem*.
Coos Bey. 9 a. m.. Oct. 8. 16. 24; Nov. 1.
Bonlta, 9 a. m.. Oct. 4. 12. 20. 28. Nor. S.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Joa* da|
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, La Pa*. Saata Ro-
salia. Guaymaa (Ma), 10 a. m.. 7th ot «acH
month.
For further Information obtain fol<J»r.
Right is reserved to change steamers or sail-.
!ne dates. ¦ ¦ ¦
TICKET OFFICES — 4 New Montcom*
ery street (Palace HoUI). 10 Market street and
Broadway wharf. ,< ~. -:-...
Freight office. 10 Market street.
C. I'. DUNANN. General Passengtr Afaat.
10 Market street, San Franeisoo.
O. /?. & N. CO.
"Columbia" sails Sept. 30. Oct. 10 20. SOL
Nov. 9. 19. 29. "Oeorze W. Elder" sails Oct.
5, IS, 25, Nov. 4, 14, 24. Only steamship lin«
to PORTLAND, OR., and short rail line from
Portland to all points East. Through tickets
to all points, all rail or steamship and rail at
LOWEST RATES. Steamer tickets include
berth and' meals. Steamer saiU foot ot Spear
st. at 11 a. m. 8. F. BOOTH, ben. Art. Pas*.
Dept. 1 Montgomery st.: C. CLIFFORD. Gen.
Art. Frt. Dept., 3 Montgomery ' st.
. - (Thursday), at 1:30. o'clock,- from his late
residence,- 666 Geary street, thence- to Odd
Fellows' Hall, corner Seventh and Market
streets, ' where services will , be held, under
5 the auspices of Germanla Lodge No. 116, I.
O. O. F., commencing at 2 o'clock. .Inter-
ment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
HASTINGS — In this city, October 5, 1903.
Frederic H.- Hastings, beloved husband of
May A, HastlnEs, and father of- Irene G.
Hastings, a native of Oswego, N. T., aged
42 years 2 months and 2S days.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
- fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from I. O. O. F.
Hall, corner Seventh and Market streets,
where services will be held under the aus-
pices of Apollo Lodge No. 123. I. O. O. F.
Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery. Remains
at the funeral --parlors of -the'H. F.- Maass
Company, 917 Mission street.
THE members of the San Francisco Cabinet, j
National Union, will please assemble in
Memorial Hall. Odd Fellows' building, cor-
ner of Seventh and Market streets, at 2
o'clock, October 7, for -the purpose of at-
tending" the funeral services of our late
friend and ex-president, Fred H. Hastings.
E. H. HILLS, President.
MEMBERS of California Council No. 530. Na-
tional Union., are requested to attend the
funeral of Friend F. H. Hastings at 2
o'clock, Wednesday, at Odd Fellows' Hall.
HEANEY— In this city. October 5, 1003,
Thomas F. Heaney, a native of New Tork,
aged 64 years. A member of Marine En-
gineers. ¦
IE? Remains at the parlors of J. S. Godeau,
305 Montgomery avenue. , Funeral notice
hereafter.
HERRICK— In Oakland, October 5, 1903, Jen-
nie Thresher, beloved wife of Dr. L. F.
Herrick, and daughter of Mr. and Mrs. M.
S. Thresher, a native of San Francisco..
(CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-,
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day . ("Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, at her
• late home, 816 Fourteenth street. Oakland.
HILL— At St. Mary's Hospital, in this city.
October 6, 1903. Maud, beloved wife of Wil-
liam H. Hill, a native of England, aged 35
years. . .
• ETFuneral notice later. -
HOPKINS— In this city, October 6, 1903, Peter,
dearly beloved husband of Ellen Hopkins,
and lcvln^ father of John D., James R.,
Richard H., Peter Leo, Catherine, Agnes,
Monica, Ella. Gertrude, Alice and the late
Thomas J. Hopkins, a native of Albany,
N. Y.. aged 67 years. (New York and Chi-
cago papers please copy.)
ETThe funeral will take dace to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 2210 Broderick street, thence to
St. Dominic's Cl|ureh," where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul at 0 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. ¦¦ .•"¦.•'.
HUGHES — In this city, October 5, 1903.
Thomas Hughes, a native 'of "Wisconsin,
aged 40 years.
(C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tlu jTuneral to-day
(Wednesday), from the Chapel of the Pas-
sion, attached to St. Mary's Hospital, where
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated
for the' repose of his soul, commencing at
7 o'clock. Remains at the parlors of Mc-
Avoy & Co., - 1239 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery by 11 o'clock train from Third and ,
Townsend streets.
KELLY— In Oakland, October 5, 1003, Mar- 1
garet T., beloved wife of John B. Kelly, and
daughter of the late Maurice and Margaret
White, a native of Philadelphia, aged 43
years 2 months and 17 days.
inSTriends and acquaintances are respect- 1
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1802 Grove street, thence to St.
Francis de Sales Church, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. In-
terment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
KING — In this city, October <}, 1003, Joseph
King, a native of Ireland, aged 65 years.
KUNTZ — In thiB city, October 6. 1903, Francla ;
H. Kuntz, a native of New Jersey, aged til j
years.
LACOSTE— In this city, October 4, 1903, Vin-
cent, dearly beloved husband of Marie La-
coste, and Ipving father of Jean M. Plero,
Jean B., RoSie, Emllle and Adeline Lacoste,
a native of France, aged 6S years.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), 1 at 1 o'clock, from the mor-
tuary chapel of Julius S. Godeau, 305 Mont-
gomery avenue, thence to French Church of
Notre Dame dea Victolres, where services
will be held. Interment Holy Cross Ceme- j
tery.
LIEVRE— In this city, October 4, 1903, Adele, I
beloved daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Xavier
Llevre, and ¦ sister of Louisa, Constant and
the late Maria Llevre, a native of Detroit,
Mich., aged 29 years 9 months and 21 days.
(E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
• (Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from the mor-
tuary chapel of J. S. Godeau, 305 Mont-
gomery avenue, thence to the French Church,
where mats will be - said, ¦ commencing at
9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
¦ tery. ... . .
PALMES — In thla city, October 6, 1903, • Ed-
ward C- Palmes, a native of Minnesota, aged
60 'years. i —, •
. (Er Interment at Bakersfleld. ,
PARKER— In this city, October 6. 1903, EHa
A Parker, beloved mother of Mrs. Nancy
Cabney of Eureka, Cal., and Royal B. Par-
ker of Fresno^ Cal., a native of New York.
SAMUELS— In this, city, October 6, 1903. Bar-
nett Samuels, beloved son- of Michel A. and
Alice Samuels, a native of San Francisco,
aged 12 years 9 months and 4 .days.
SARGENT — In East Oakland, October 4. 1903.
Francis, dearly beloved infant* of Georgina
"and Charles Sargent, aged 2 months and 14
days.
SCHAEFER— In this city, October 6, 1903,
Mary Schaefer, beloved mother of John J.
Schaefer, Mrs. William P. Murphy, Mra.
Charles Langry and Mrs. George Holzworth,
¦ a native of Indiana.
SPRAGUE — In this city, October 6, 1903, Hu-
bert A , beloved son' of Frank I. and Sarah
A. Sprague. and brother of Rita M. Sprague.
. a native of San Francisco, aeed 5 years 5
months and 22 days.
TEMPEST— In Oakland, October 6, 1903, Isa-
bella Tempest, beloved mother of Mrs. P. M.'
Constable. Mrs. L. W. Cooley. Mrs. L. Mc-
Kallor, Mrs. James A. Davidson and Mrs.
A. B. Stoddard. -a native of England, aged
' 85 years 8 months and 13 days. .
TRACY— In this city, October 6. '1903, Harry
M. Tracy, beloved eon of George A. and
Barah Tracy, and brother of Albert, Minnie
A. and the late Fred II. Tracy, a native of
Ohio aged 29 years and 8 months. (Lodi,
Fresno and Connecticut papers please copy.)
|C7" Interment at Fresno. ,
YEP WEE: — In the City and County Hospital,
October 6, 1903, Yep Wee, a native of China,
aged 26 years. •
' • CARD OF THANKS.
We desire to thank our friend3 for the
" many kindnesses and expressions of sym-
pathy extended during the illness and at the
death of our daughter Annette.
GEORGE S. EASTMAN and Family.
AD VEBTISEMENTS.
tc Dr.R.LWalsh
has resumed dental practice
1* at his former offices
f • 847 Geary St
rimt'y opposite Btratogi Hall
Reduced Rates for Thirty Days
Painless Extraction 25c
Fillings. . , . . . ... . . 50c
Crowns ... ... $2.00 to $5.00 .
Plate Work . . . $5.00 to $25.00
LOOS Toil THIS AD. EACH OTHEB DAY. v
I nEAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALE.
5T 11. "UMBSEN & cGCl 20 Montgomery St.
] - AUCTION.
AUCTION.
'.'• - AUCTION.
AUCTION. .
AUCTION.
Of Investment, residence and unimproved prop-
erties will be held at our salesroom MONDAY,
! October 12, l'M3, at 12 o'clock noon.
i REFEREE SALE.
; No. 773-5-7 Bush ?t., between Powell and
j Sla^on; improvements consist of 3 flats of 5-5-11
; rooms and bath each; rents. $78 per month; lot
! 22x54 ; subject to confirmation by the Superior
1 Court.
W.> K. VAN ALEN ESTATE.
EXECUTOR'S SALE. /
Nos. 912-14 Pine 6t., bet. Mason and Taylor
ets.; Improvements consist of 2 substantial
dwellings of 14-22 rooms and bath each; rents
j $13S per month; an excellent location for an
apartment house or hotel; lot 53x155; subject
to connrmatlui by the Surericr Court.
ELLEN GALLAGHER ESTATE.
EXECUTOR'S SALE.
No. 405 Goufrh st. and No; 317 Ivy ave., bet.
I Hayes and Fell sts. ; improvements consist of
1 J two houses of 7-10 rooms and bath each and
j cottage of 4 rooms; all in good order and
j steadily rented for, ?900 per annum; lot 30x73;
' < subject -to confirmation by the Superior Court.
NINTH-STREET CORNER.
NE. cor. of Ninth and Tehama sts., bet.
Howard and Folsom sts.; choice building lot,
• 2.-.XMJ; this comer Is admirably situated on one
, ! o* the coming business streets and a short dis-
! tance from Market, Hayes and Larkin sts.
1 I CHOICE MISSION FLATS.
• ! Xos. 3GS1-3 Twenty-fourth St., nr. Dolores; 2
1 modern, well-built flats of 4-5 rooms and bath
1 , each; rents low. $33 per month; lot 25x100.
1 j CHOICE MISSION INVESTMENT.
Nos. 134-8 Fourteenth St., N. line, nr. How-
' ard; good substantial improvements, consist of
¦ { 4 front Hats of 4-5 rooms and bath each and 2
j flats of 4 rooms and bath each in rear court;
' j rents $10S per month; all In perfect order and
; steadily rented; lot 3Sxl56.
PARTITION SALE.
; NE. cor. of Twelfth and Harrison sts.; un-
improved lot. f>0xl0o.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
Nob. 66-8 Rausch st. and No. 068 Clementina
St., bet. Howard and Folsom, Seventh and
] Eighth; improvements consist of 2 flats of 6-6
1 rooms and bath each and 3 tenements of 4-5
rooms each; rents JOS 50 per month; 25x112:6,
with L I£x32; two frontages.
' MISSION-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
No. 2241 Mission st..' E. line, close to the
! Junction, of Mission . and Valencia; improve-
' ments consist of cotatge of 5 rooiAs and bath;
lot 48xS0.
MISSION HOME.
1 No. 1004 Sanchez St., bet. Twenty-third and
Twenty-fourth; a splendid two-story bay-
i window dwelling of 0 rooms and bath; lot
, 2oxl00.
CHOICE MISSION HOLDINGS.
1 Twenty -fourth Et., N. line, bet. ' Valencia and
Mission; 4 choice building lots, 27:8 and 35x75;
• i two corners.
ALSO
No. 238 Bartlett st., nr. Twenty- fourth; lm :
' provements consist of a two-story frame dwell-
1 Ing of ji» rooms and bath, .arranged and rented
1 as two flats; rents J42 per month; lot 36x117:8;
I two frontages.
i McMAHON ESTATE.
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE.
The following two lots must be sold to close
, the above eEtate: . . ' \
No. 1.
Central ave., E. line. bet. Clay and Wash-
: ir.gton sts.; unimproved lot, 30x100.
No. 2.
¦ Clay st..- N. line, bet. Lyon and Central ave.:
• j •unimproved lot, 2."ixlK>; subject to confirmation
, ! by the Superior Court.
For catalogue nnd further particulars apply,
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery st.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
$500 to $12fK> — Only graded lots fronting
boulevard, ocean and park. Unobetructed
I view from every lot. Fronting electric cars.
Don't miss this opportunity. Easy terms.
1 f CO to f 250— Near ocean and park — $5 monthly.
Oceaneide branch office on 49th ave. and K st.
OPEN SUNDAYS.
¦ '-- — — — •
SELLING FAST— SEE THEM TO-DAY.
$500 to $1000— New lots In Sunset District.
Graded and eewered, near cars, $10 monthly.
: Sunset branch office on 9th ave., near H st.
$150 to $200 — Level Excelsior Homestead lota
near Mission-st. electric cars — $5 monthly.
Choice Richmond District lots, $10 monthly.
$1000 to $3500 — 4, 6 and 6 room modern cot-
tages, Sunset, Richmond and Excelsior
Homestead. All bargains!
1 Eat>y terms.
SOL GETZ & BON, owners and dealers,
Room 54, Chronicle building.
i ....
$0500— RENTS $1008 A YEAR. '
3 new flats.
Just being . completed. . . „;';
California St.. near Lyon.
These flats are the best value offered In
the city. They are' very light, eunny and up
to date in every particular. See them to-day.
DAN EINSTEIN. Owner and Builder,
C3 Chronicle Building.
1 JOSEPH STRAUB, 630 Market st. ~"
$2100- — Cor. 25th and Wisconsin sts.; new cot-
tage cf 4 rooms, bath and basement; good loca-
tion for grocery; $300 down, $15 a month.
1 $1750 — Fine new cottage of 4 rooms, bath and
basement;' $300 down, $13 a month; Wisconsin
sc. n»-ar Twenty-fifth.
$2700 — House of 2 flats and attic; basement,
1 rear house; vicinity Mason and Filbert. sts.
BARGAIN — Two handsome new residences of
C rooms and bath; -sunny, modern and up to
date in every particular; Nos. 9G6 and 963
Clayton St.. near Golden Gate Park; price
$5100 and $5400. Apply R. D. CRANSTON
¦ & SONS. 114 Montgomery st.
$250 DOWN and $25 per month; new cottage.
5f. & b.; lot 30x150. Cottage, 4 r. & b. for
$2100; 27th st.; sunny cottage. 5 r. & b. ; 28th;
$1SOO — It will pay you to look at these snaps.
D. COFFIN & CO., 3303 Mission st.
' $11,000; RENT $1200 per year; not yet com-
pleted, but rented; 3 marine-view flats; north
side Union St.. east of Webster; every room
Is and will be 6unny; every possible latest
Improvement. Apply on premises after 2 p.m.
'. NEAT cottage with modern improvements;
terms same as "paying rent. Apply owner.
Lumber yard, S. E. corner Alabama and
Montcalm Ets. :
BUILD on your unimproved realty; we loan
full cost improv. and part lot at 6 per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
A BARGAIN: lot 25x100; Mission St., near
29th. Apply Owner, 084 Ash ave.
REAL ESTATE Country— For Sale.
WANTED — To' sell and exchange, fruit, grain
and stock farms; city and town property; j
no matter, where located; sales made and
trades adjusted on ground floor basis; no '
delays. INTERNATIONAL BROKERAGE
ASSN.. Inc.. 330 Pine St.
$2750 — 120 ACRES: 600 range; «e!l or lease,
$275; orchard and vineyard b«st in State;
can visit city and return eame day; 3V4 miles
to town; old age reason for selling. J. W.
S.. box 40C0. Call office.
2 ACRES land, adjoining Union Park, Colma;
fenced hedges around land; good house;
' chicken-houses, water: reasonable; chickens,
ducks. R. S. THORNTON. 416 Examiner bid.
ALALFA lands. . stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO., 643
Market st.
LUMBER land— 0C0 acres redwood timber land
1 with new sawmill In Sonoma County will be.
sold at a bargain. Box 4000, Call.
FOR poultry and dairy ranches yielding a {rood
rrof-t. HAMILTON & KENDRICK.Petaluma.
POINT 1UCHMO5D REAL ESTATE.
WATER front lota and bargains; ail tracts;
maps, photos, etc. BELL, 417 Parrott bldg.
AUMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS!
ALAMEDA FfRMSHED HOUSES.
FOR rent — Nicely furnished house in Alameda;
reasonable to responsible party; owner leav-
lng.for the East. Address box C 832. Call.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
J. J. MASON. (¦
Real Estate and Insurance Agent.
Choice Property a Specialty.
6E ' cor. Bbattuck ave. and ' Center et.
Berkeley. Cal. 1
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAM) FURXITURE^O^R^SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains in furni-
tnre. H. Schellhaag. 11th st..cor.store,Oaklnd.
TYPEWRITERS AAD SUPPLIES. .
GREAt'baRGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS^We
I cell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 630 California; telephone Main 26tJ.
A FEW good typewriters at (30 each; get par-
ticulars. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Moat-
romerr et. '»¦-..
:D-HAXD typewriters sold, -rented, -repaired.
.Wtbster Typewriter Impec, Co., SOS Market.
- KOMT> TO t.OAX Contlimxl.
MONET loaned to salaried p«-ople. retail mer- ,
rfcant* teamster*, boarding-liouses. without
;* Eecurlty: ra.«y payment?; .largest business in ]
«, principal cities. Toltr.au. 553 l J arrott bldg. j
THK Open Credit A.ssn. makes advance* to
rwW^Ibl. salaried p-cple*. confidentially;
- new and fi:r.i le ftan: eity installments.
_l> oom M). Acsdcrry of Sciences. bl'J Market.
S F DISCCUNT AC ENCY— Loans ti salaried
.¦ . • people on their note.
JHE TOUSLEY CO 1*3 Phelan bldg.
? •ONEY to loan on low interest; gold, rilver,
* "*<V::mc-;ds prar!* ar.d pradeas rtones bought
et W.'j. Iin. c THAL'i=. 10 Sixth st.
sOV rurnitur^ j'fno; no removal. E. W. LICK.
1003 Muti-a": Savings Bank bldg.. 70S Market.
VONKY \crri"i t» salaried "employee. G. W.
* MILLnr.. roorr. 74. Cfth floor. Chronicle bldg.
i»V ON furr.it •¦¦¦re & pUB»; $15 up; no removal;
V TKEMAIN. room fcl. 0 Eddy et.. floor 4.
* ALL loans en diamonds and jewelry 2 p*=r cent
tro s F. Collateral Loan Bank. 538 Kearny.
PT*^U Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employe*. R.S11. Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CA?iI touted salaried people on notes without
in^ors^r MPRRELL. C09 Examiner bldg.
* .. MUSICAL, I\STRIMEXTS.
* A^lT^OT^^rH^S^liXHUArNST "~~"~"
Sherman & Hyde upright $117
PUsher <"$
finger 163
2 Etelnwayi $165 300
2 Cfclckerings 85 159
2 Hein«-s 237 385
Rents. i2 up. apply on purchase; instal-
ments, ?4 up.
HEINE PIAN'O CO.. 2-15-237 Geary st.. larg-
est exclusive piano hou?e cf the West.
AN upright piano shipre-3 by high clafc East-
ern manufacturers will he sold at actual ccst
to rave return cf freight, 237 Geary st.
ETEINWAY uprtcht. left by private party.
1 1 1 .-' ; a great bargain. 237 Geary st.
THIS AD IS OUR BIGGEST EXPENSE.
We pay no rent, as we own the building.
" The only reason we advertise is to let you
know we rcr.t the beet piano in the city for $•'*
r.<er month. Now we can e^'l you one Just th«
fame. Our expenses are eo very much less
4han other firms, why not Investigate our price*-
end compare notes? Invert ftc carfare and sav»
.from f75 to JIM on a r'ano. SCOTT -CURTAZ
PIANO CO.. f>C0-e2-<54 Hayes et.
Y9U do not take any chances when buying
from us. Our methodR are well known to be
cptn and above board. "Big bargains, not
big ads." is our rule. All goods puaranteed
as represented cr no cale. Call and see large
p.ssiortroent of new and used Instruments.
' THE ZENO MAUVA1S MUSIC CO.. 769
Market st. . ¦
A STECK & GATLHR upright, nearly new.
cheap; a snap. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister.
RARE chance; cash or payments; elegant high
irrade upright. 16 McAllister St.
* A FEW pood urrlcht bargains from $".f> up. In-
cludjr.g euoh makes as Chlckering. Magnn &
Hamlln. Verne. Sterling, Curtaz. Kirkraan.
Haine5. Weser. Pease and other*. BBNJ.
ri'RTAZ & PON, ltt O'Farrell et. No
branches In San Francisco.
. THE preateft opportunity ever offered In San
Francisco to get a good reliable piano cheap.
Before our removal we will sacrifice any in-
rtrumerit for cash or installments. Call cr
write for prices and terms at once. K^HLER
& CHASE. KstablUhed 1S50. 30 O" Farrell.
BAND instruments; F. Besson, Paris, maker;
Gus Maiwald. Agt. Pac. Coast. 278 O'Farrell;
fkillful repairing; 23-hand Instruments so!d.
Ur.r»>deen-.«>d Morale pianos and furniture dirt
cheap. Whitfhcad's Storage. 1630 Market st.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Stelnway upright piano;
perfect ord^r; sacrifice. Keeffe's.285 O'Farrell.
EOHMER Byron Maury rianr>s. Cecilian piano
player. BYP.ON MAUZt. 3QS-312 Poet st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
• MT'Ll.KR. rral.-er. repairer. 2 Latham place.
*>*fr'»Cfc:s A - M | STORES TO LET.
STORE with large basement; below Kearny
«>t.: rent S30. Apply f -**6 Clay Et.. room 1.
r|AN "9" s AXD ORGAXS -
PAX4T of our list cf bargains in second-hand
ulat.es lor September. 1»U3 —
* Original
Price. Now.
¦ "- 1 SCITT'MAN & SONS —
Walnut case, medium size. 7 1-3
octaves, three pedals, raised carved
;-¦¦•- in good condition (300 $140
1 RICHMOND —
Mahogany cape, email size, raised
c&rvt-'J panels, 7 1-3 octaves, three
pedals, eiightly used, but in good
<t:.:.':Ui 300 173
1 6PEXCEII-
Walcut case, cabinet grand, en-
graved panels, three pedals. 7 1-3
octaves, good condition S2S 180
. 2 HOWARDS —
Walnut cases, medium size. 7 1-3
octaves, three pedalf, mandolin at-
tachments, good cendition; each..' 300 1S9
1 MOLLKNHAUER & BACH—
Walnut case, large tire, raised
cAntd panels, three pedals. 7 1-3
octaves. In very good condition... 850 1W
1 NEWMAN BROS.—
Walnut case, large Fire upright,
¦ 7 1-3 octaves, thoroughly renovated,
. •;•_;.: to new ZZQ 200
1 LUDWIG & CO.—
Oak catj. medium *Ize. raised 1
carv»d pawls;, 7 1-3 octaves, three
peda.lt. good tone, in fine condition.' 350 210
Complete list furn'.rhed on application at
cur store. SHERMAN. CLAT & CO..
Corner K"»nrny and Putter ?ts.
PERSOXALS,
A— FACIAL BLEMISHES REMOVED.
"Wrinkiet. yellow and flabby skin, birthmarks,
Fmailpcx rittlngs and scars scientifically re-
moved without cutting, massage, electricity or
medicines; el>eclal dem< nstraticng this week.
Call or write DR. L. WILLIAMS. 371 Geary.
,. . . .
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves J:s growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
and Hcfcinr FcaJp: no etaln or stickiness;
cleanses eca'.p; at druggists', hairdressers' ;ac-
cept no eubf-titute. etar Remedy Co.,133S Polk.
PATRIOTS desiring President Roosevelt's Cali-
fornia Ejieeches can have same sent to their
tddress by remitting 12 cents. V. THOMP-
. SON. 251 Grant ave.. San Francisco. Cal. ,
BRA UN — Prcfefsor Martin, graduate masseur
• cf the Imperial University Hoepital, Vienna.
Office 221 Ftarr King bldg., 121 Geary. Tel.
Exchange 216.
JCOT bow cheap but how good is the motto of
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard, the sewing-machine of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, agent, 1021 Market St.
PHTEICIAN, 15 years' experience, cures per-
manently morphine, coroalne habit. Call or
address Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave.,
corner Putter st.; fee moderate.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drug dis-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co.,
1833 Polk St.; consultation free; call or write.
REMOVAL— DR. W. C. BTRATTON has re-
movefl his office from 22S5 Mission et. to
rooms 573 and 574. Parrott bldg. (Emporium).
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday, Saturday ar.d
Sunday evenings at Teutonla Hall, Howard
rt., near Nir.th; management Prof. Foster.
AT lees than cort, uncalled for suits, overcoats
«nd trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London
. Tailor. 721 Market ft. j
ELEGANT suIls on easy installments; SO cents
and up per week. LEON LEMOS. 1127
* Market ft., between Seventh and Eighth.
LIQUOR habit cured. We guarantee to l cure
• the ll<juor habit In 2 days or no charge*.
Acme Licuor Cure Co., »97 Market, r. 202.
. ANDERSON — Elegant theatrical and masquer-
sde costumes rented. 26 O - Karr<ll st.
6TTITS to order on installments, fl per week.
. Nerliaus & Co., njerch.tailcrs.727-729 Market.
EUPEirFLUOUS b&lr & moles removed by elec-
tric r.eedle. Dr. & Mrs.Traverw.1170 Market.
THE best ©lace to buy rood umbrellas or
have them covered or repaired I» 120 Stockton.
ALL rtyle* bairdresslng 25c; hair good*; mani-
curing, 25c. G." LEDERER. 123 Stockton tt.
TAII/)n-MADE salt ?7 50; tfress pants 12 50.
JOaflt Clothing Parlor.cor. Bush and Duponu
MASQUERADE costumes, plat books, wlys,
. country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 llkt.
AI-FUEDT'M'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color; f 1: at all druggists'.-
£ur«-rfluouR hair and moles removed with elec-
tric needle. Mrs. & Miss Eaton. 1119 Sutter.
PALMISTRY. •
JKME. DEVAS — Scientific palmist and a»troio-
irlst. Palrn readings (1. Hours 10 to 12 and
1 to 5. end Tuesday evenings. 139 Post St.-
H. JEROME FOSELLI ecienttflc palmist. 613
Taylor ft . near Geary. Phone Black 661.
PArCRIlAXGIXG. PAIXTIXG. ETC.
BOOMS par>erx-<l. $3 60 up; tlntlnfc, painting.
Hnrtmar.n Paint Co.. mu 3d gt.:tel. Main .413.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS. 1
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Ofnc*~and resTdence,
1021 Vt Market tt.. bet. Cth and 7th; particu-
lar cuer.tion paid to' diseases of women. -
BLOOD. *kin and rectal diseases a specialty!
. DR. BALL. 107314 Market et.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor;
treats all diseases of the human body; for
I»eet four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at 6C7 Geary ct., near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHT. succeseor to Dr. Li Po
T«i. herb doctor; curta all diseases of human
by u^e of herbs and tea*. TJ7 Washington et.
W'OSG WOO. tbe famous herb doctoi — All dU-
tiiti cured t?y Chinese herbs. 710-8 Clay st.
REAL, ESTATE CITY — .FOR SALE.
SPECK & CO. '¦ ~
607 MARKET ST.. OPP. KEARNY.
REAL, ESTATE AGENT'S AND RENT
, ;¦' i>;- COLLECTORS.
FULL CHARGE TAKEN OF PROPERTY.
SELECTED INVESTMENTS.
11 PER CENT NET INVESTMENT.
$150,000 — Modern 0-story brick building; leased
S1145 per "month; assuming mortgage
$75,000, Investment pays 11 per cent
net; lot 50x137:0; will take part ex-
change; want offer. i
WESTERN ADDITION CORNER.
?50,00C^— Annual rents $3172; beautiful modern
building; lot 87x85; pays over 10 per
cent; rents K431.
NORTHWEST CORNER.
$50,(XX) — 137:6x137:8; substantial improve-
ments; insured for.$20.0uO; mortgage
$30,000 at 5% per cent can remain;
pays S per cent net. , " . .' .WsS
SECOND-ST. CORNER.
$18,000— One and a half blocks from Market
St.; 47 feet front: cheapest "dovgn town
corner to be had near Market St.; a
; chance to make a turn at cood ad-
vance
CHANCE FOR SPECULATORS. I
?40,000— Lot S2x275; 2 frontages; 1C6 rooms;
rents $350; 1 tenant; can be easily
leased at $400, - . . • ,-;.
GOLDEN GATE AVE.
$23,500^ — Golden Gate, near Van Ness ave. ;
42x120; 2 frontages; rents $144; rents
can be Increased to $170; fine site for
apartment house.
$18,500— Vicinity Halght and Scott; CS:9x
137:0; fine improvements; rents $140 a
month.
GOLDEN GATE PARK FLATS.
$18,000— Lot 50x137:6; fine, substantial flats;
facing Golden Gate Park; rents $180;
can be Increased.
i SANSOME-ST. CORNER.
$17,500 — Business corner; stores, basement and
floor above; rents $163; pays 11 per
cent.
OCTAVIA-ST. RESIDENCE. ¦
$17,C00 — Choice location; 14 rooms and bathe;
8 bedrooms; lot 89x137:6 feet.
$18,500— Yearly rents $1770; 3 modern flats;
Post st.; 2 frontages.
DOWN TOWN INVESTMENT.
$16,500— O'Farrell st., east of Van Ness; pays
10 per cent net by assuming $9000
bank mortgage; rents $115; lot 27:6x120
feet; 2 frontases.
WASHINGTON-ST. 'RESIDENCE.
$15,000 — Modern 12-room residence; marina
view; building alone cost- more than
price asked; lot 40x128 feet.
PINE-ST. CORNER.
$12,500 — Southeast corner Pine - and Webster
ste.; 62:6x100: pplendid site for flats.
$7,000— Three good flats in Mission; rents $65
a month. 1
$6,500— Three fine flats; vicinity. Eighteenth
and Castro; rents $58 a month; lot
•25x125. . . :
$5,000 — Four eood flats in Mission; always
rented at ?48 a month.
$5,500 — Washington ?t., near Spruce; lot
50x127 :SV*; worfh $9000; want offer.
$2,650 — New cottage in Mission; 6 rooms and
bath; fine lot.
$1,400 — Corner lot near Golden Gate Park;
25xlC0 feet.
SPECK & CO., 667 Market st.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A— StTjameS, McAllister and~Larurm-^ Fur"
nished sunny suite, with separate sunny
kitchen; gas range; all complete for house-
keeping; $15 up.
ANTLERS, 415 Turk st.— Strictly modern, 4-5
room apartments; fur. or. unfur. for hskpg.
I BUCHANAN.' 605 — Large alcove room and
kitchen for .housekeeping.
ELEVENTH, 2S©— Two sunny housekeeping
rooms, with gas; quiet house; no children.
ELLIS, 6S5. cor. Larkin— Front bay-wlr.dow
alcove; mantel and kitchen; gas stove.
FIFTH, 119 — Second flat; nicely furnished bay-
window rooms; light housekeeping; reasonable.
FOCRTH. 225 — Nice housekeeping rooms; also
single.
HERBERT (The) — Sunny apartments for
housekeeping; gas ranges; just newly fur-
nlshed. 1530 Polk st.
HOWARD, 2015 — Four sunny, unfurnished
rooms for housekeeping; bath; no children.
KEARNY, 104 — Sunny front suite, $11, unfur.
nished; no children.
OAK, 117 — Nicely furnished suites; gas range,
hot bath, laundry; $2 25 a week up; adults.
SEVENTH. 191— Housekeeping rooms; nice
bay-window rooms.
STOCKTON. 1206,, Model House — Front rooms,
new furnished. $5; phone, gae, bath, sunny.
TEHAMA, 43 — Two sunny housekeeping rooms.
THE Glllesple. 119 Ninth St.— Nicely furnished
rooms, $1 50 to $3 per week; phone; quiet.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
ROOMS TO LET— Pnrn. .^'P/ urn »
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth— Rooins
25c to $1 per night, $1 25 to- $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
•AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st. (or No". 1
Fifth «t.)— Rooms. 25c. 60c, $1, $1 TO alght;
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlsbed rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
CALIFORNIA, 2304 — Nicely furnished room;
bath; convenient to cars; rent reasonable.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
FILLMORE. 1010— Swell furnished parlor suite
with piano; lower floor; one single room; rent
. reasonable.
GRAND Southern, 7th and Mission— Rooms 50c
to $1 50 night: $1 to $3 week; reading-room.
NEWLY furnished sunny front bay-window
room and bath In private family, $8; north of
. Market st. ; references. Box 666, Call office.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis — Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2
to $8; month, $S to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
THE FALMOUTH. 1049A Market et.; furnished
rooms; hot and cold water; elevator; central.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy St., near Market—
400 single and family rooms; 35c to $1 night;
$1 75 to $0 week; elevator; electric lights;
reading-room; free bus and baggage.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 3d St., near Market—,
Moet convenient and respectable; 700 rooms/
35c to $1 50 .night; $2 to $8 week: elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
ROOMS AND DOARD.
ELEGANT large sunny alcove room; also an-
other; gas, bath, running water; first-class
board; private family; no children; phone.
1224 Golden Gate ave.
CENTRAL, 95, cor. Halght— New nudern,
sunny flat; new furniture; rooms single or
en suite; most desirable. \
STEVENSON Mansion, 807 California St.— At-
tractive and sightly rooms; best table and
service; lowest rates. ¦
VAN NESS ave.. 1714— Private boarding-house.
¦ home like, everything first class; sunny
suites; single rooms; choice locality; ref.
GOOD home for old lady or gent; terms, $20
to 825 per month. 55 Harriet st.
ROOMS AND DOARD WANTED.
RELIABLE young man wants board in nice
family; Spanish lessons In return. Box 4041.
Call. 1 ¦
GENTLEMAN* wants board and rocm, with
or without board, in a musical family, where
no other boarders are kept. Box 3517, Call.
RCOMS WANTED.
DRESSMAKER wishes room with foldlng-bcd;
use of telephone; $8. Box 3518. Call.
STORAGE -A^D WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household gods stored, moved, - shipped. 725-
731 Howard St., near Third; phone Grant 101.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
fice Post and Powell sts.; tel. Prlv. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave. ; phone East 126. '
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made; 840
Mission st. ; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. .2320 Flllraore et.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
St.; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Con. — A dividend. No. . 68, of fifty
cents (60c) per share on the I issued capital
stock of the company has been declared, pay-
able at the office of the company, rooms 202-
204-206 Hayward building, San Francisco, on
October 10. 1903. Transfer books dose Octo.
ber 3. 1903. C. C. QUINN.' Secretary.
OFFICE of Sierra Railway Company of Cali-
fornia, No. 229 Crocker bldg., San Fran-
cisco, Cal,, Oct. 1, 1003— Coupon No. 13, due
Oct. 12, 1003, from first mortgage 6 per cent
bonds, of the Sierra Railway Company cf
California, will be paid' at the fiscal agency
of this company, the Crocker-Woolwortn Na-
tional Bank of San Francisco. Cal., on and
•'¦ after 'that date. " - -- ¦.- ¦.* • ; -_' 1 >¦ -..
S. D. FRESHMAN, Treasurer.
TOYQ KISEN KA1SHA,
J (ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamers will; leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe <Htogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc. No
cargo received on board on day of sailing.
B. S. NIPPON MARU .....:..,
-.. ..-. Thursday, October 13. 1903
S. a AMERICA MARU
Tuesday. November 10. 1903
B. 8. HONGKONG MARU. :....
..Thursday. December 3. 1903
Via Honolulu. Round trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage apply at Com.
cany' a office. 421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Aunt.
S S. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday. Oct. 8. 2 n, m.
8 S. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu, Oct. 17, 11 a. m.
8S MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Oct. 2fc 11 a. m.
4l!?8EtKU4!Hl.M,llj!i.TttilJHS»,!MBartsia
M£t!2sUU BartalSL.rkrb. T.fuiflcSt
C0XPA65IX SENEKALS TKA5SATT.AHTIQUB.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PAR13.
Sailing every Thursday Instead of <n«M
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. linWIfl!
North River, foot of Morton it.
First-class to Havre. $70 and upward. Seo>
end-class to Havre. $45 and upward.. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA^ 32 Broadway (Hudson BuUdlas).
New York- J. F. FUGAZI * CO.. Paeine Co«»t '
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco,
Tickets scli cy all Railroad Ticket Amenta. ¦Shades of Jefferson Davis and Albert
Sidney Johnston, how many headaches
were contracted yesterday in thy names?
followed, this happy event, which was fol
lowed closely by the election or Mrs. Fred
Mason as registrar. And thus It comes
to pass that the United Daughters. of the
Confederacy has two official heads— Mrs.
Montgomery and Mrs. Van Wyck. And
the whole story has been engrossed upon
the minutes of the convention, and will
be forwarded to the National convention
in Charleston, S. C. next year for arbi
tration. Moreover, a copy of the proceed
ings after the "Geparture of President
Wright at 6:05 p. m. Is to be mailed to
every chapter In the organization. It will
make good reading. ¦
Reduced rates on household goods to Jfc from
the East & South. Bekln's. 11 Montgomery. *
A peculiar case was tried by Judge
Graham yesterday. It was a suit for an
annulment of a marriage. The plaintiff
was Frank Rossini and the defendants
Jennie Rossini and Fred Cuppers. Both
men were married to the woman' within
the last three years, Rossini being the
first to make her his wife. A few months
after becoming Mrs. Rossini, and without
bothering about such a minor thing as a
divorce, she became the wife of Cuppers.
Rossini did not learn of the marriage
until auite recently and he Immediately
filed a suit to have the second marriage
annuled, claiming that at the time it was
performed his wife was not In possession
of her sound senses. Judge Graham
granted his prayer. -„' -¦
Mrs. Rossini could give no lucid ex
planation of her action yesterday. She
said the only thing she could say In ex
cuse of her conduct was the fact that
Cuppers seemed to have hypnotic power
and could do with her as he wished. She
said she left her home to become the
wife of Cuppers simply because he willed
that she should. She said she never cared
for him, in fact had no use for him at all.
Laura E. Martin wants a divorce from
Richard Martin for cruelty. They were
married at Stockton in 1S91 and have
three children. Their home Is at 809
Castro street. She says in her complaint
that Martin has frequently, during the
last three years, threatened to kill her.
She also says that he Is jealous and
makes her life miserable by accusing her
of. Bhowering her affections upon others
than himself.
Cruelty Is one of "the grounds , for di
vorce on which Delia Imes Is suing Will
iam A. lines. The other two ground3
are Intemperance and neglect. She
charges that for the last five years he
has drank to excess and bas been rough
and abusive. During that time, she says,
because of his fondness for drink, he has
not been able to provide for her.
Lillias M. Wallace Is suing for divorce
on the ground of Intemperance. Her hus
band is Robert S. Wallace. -
Desertion Is charged^ in the suits
brought by Victor Friacca/ against Rosa
Friacca, and Bine Berendsohn against
Alfred Berendsohn.
Interlocutory decrees of divorce were
granted to Jenneft Williams from A. L.
Williams for cruelty,- Nettle B. Craig
from Cyrus O. Craig for desertion and
W. J. McDonald from Ollie McDonald for
desertion.
The suit for injunction restraining A.
Ottinger, the ticket broker, from dealing 1
in tickets sold by the Southern Pacific
and other railroads during the recent
Grand Army Encampment was argued
and submitted in Judge Murasky's court
yesterday. Attorney Samuel Shortridge,
for the brokers, raised the point that the
railroads In entering into an agreement
to furnish tickets at special rates were
violating the Sherman anti-trust act.
Says Sherman Act Was Violated.
Jennie Rossini Claim^
He Compelled Her to
Marry Him.
SAYS CUPPERS
IS HYPNOTIST
It was learned yesterday that he • had
not paid his room rent at the Russ for
two " months, but Mr.' Gregory added i" to
this information the statement that Pills
bury had not cashed his salary warrants
About a year ago the missing young
man suffered the loss of his, wife and
child, and their death deeply affected him,
a fact that was frequently ' noticed j by
his associates in the railroad office. Some
of his friends are disposed to think that
he became despondent and while In the
mood went to some remote spot and killed
himself. He has ¦ been working hard of
late, sometimes - until midnight, and: this
may have added to his supposed mental
troubles.
LOSES WIFE AND CHILD.
Pillsbury was formerly connected with
a local transfer company and received
his appointment as clerk in the Santa
Fe office simply on his showing of energy
In the duties connected with his previous
work. • • -V ; --*-y
"Pillsbury was highly regarded by every
one connected with the local office. Per
sonally, I regarded him as a most trust
worthy fellow, a fact which he had . al
ready demonstrated during his twelve
months' employment behind the ticket
counter, where he handled thousands' of
dollars, and was most exacting in account
ing for the money that passed through
his hands. He was recently assigned to
the valley agency and had been perform
ing his duties in a most conscientious
manner. The only reason I am Inclined
j to advance for his absence Is that he has
j become mentally depressed over exces-
I Blve worrying or has met with some acci
dent"' ;,".,-' "r-v:- ; .^ -'- s - ;
In discussing the strange disappearance
of the young man yesterday Assistant
Passenger Agent Gregory said that he
was at a loss for an explanation .for the
absence of the agent, and he added:
BEABS GOOD REPUTATION.
On Monday, however, when it was dis
covered that he was still absent the fact
caused some comment, and finally the
attention of Assistant Passenger Agent
H. K. Gregory was called to the matter.
The last named telegraphed to Merced
and other points in the vicinity of the
valley, but cot the response that Pills
bury had not been seen there. It , was
then that Mr. Gregory started an Investi
gation that developed the fact that the
missing man Imd not been near his rooms
in the Russ House since Friday morning.
Otto Zeus, a clerk in the company's
ticket office, occupied the Russ House
apartments with Pillsbury. He stated to
3>Ir. Gregory that he had had luncheon
with his roommate on Friday and that
they had returned to the railroad office
together. When Pillsbury suddenly left
the office later in the afternoon It was
supposed that he was going out on the
street on some business mission and when
he failed to return to his room, at the
hotel that night Zeus shared the opinion
of others that Pillsbury had gone . to
Merced.
Pillsbury appeared In the best of spirits
Friday afternoon when he left his desk
in the Market-street office about 4 o'clock
to engage In conversation with one of
the clerks behind the ticket counter. Sud
denly leaving the counter, he walked out
of the office and that was the last that
has been seen of him. When he failed
to report for work Saturday morning lit
tle heed was paid to hia absence, for it
was thought that possibly he had gone
to Merced on business connected wi*h the
stage lines that operate in conjunction
with the railroad In handling traffic in
and out of the valley.
OFFICIALS INVESTIQATIMTG.
The local officials of the Santa Fe Com
pany, have asked the Police Department
to assist them in locating Frank Pills
bury_ who until recently held the posi
tion of Tosemite Valley agent for the
railroad In this city. • Pillsbury disap
peared rather mysteriously last Friday
and all efforts to find him have proved
futile. Fears, based on certain circum
stances, have aroused the suspicion that
he has made away with himself or has
met with a mishap and is confined in
some place near the city.
Bernard Barry, a servant at the Stew
art Hotel. Ellis street, was stabbed yes
terday morning by a Chinaman who acts
as pantryman at the hotel. The trouble
arose through Barry taking the part of
a waitress with whom the Chinaman had
a dispute. Barry was taken to the Emer
gency Hospital, where it was found that
his wound - waa slight.
Stabbed by a Chinaman.
PHILADELPHIA. Oct^.' 6.— Frank and
•Thomas Helms, brothers,^ aged 43 and 24
years respectively, and William Conn, aged
41 years, died to-day from the effects of drink
ing a punch made out of wood alcohol, lemon
and susar.
Strange Disappearance
of Popular Agent of
Santa Pe.
No job too email for our careful attention.
Mytell-RolllnB, 22 Clay, printers and binders. •
VAINLY SEARCH
FOR PILLSBURY
James W. Bussy, 639 Minna street, was
arrested ! last night and booked at the
Southern Police Station on a charge of
assault with a deadly weapon. His wife
accuses him of having hit her on the
head with a bottle and cutting a deep
gash in her temple. Bussy in turn says
his wife was drunk and used a razor on
his face. He is also badly" cut.
Husband and Wife Quarrel.
Restlessly the ghost of the Dimmlck
case reared its head yesterday In the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals
when George D. Collins, counsel for Wal
ter N. Dlmmick, appeared to make an
other attempt to get his client out of the
penitentiary.
Mr. Collins moved that the Judgment of
the court be modified by reversing the
judgment of the District Court to the ex
tent that said judgment orders the Im
prisonment of Walter N. Dimmick in the
penitentiary at San Quentin. Mr. Col
lins contended that the District Court is
deprived of all power and jurisdiction to
Fentence Dlmmick upon any count In the
indictment to Imprisonment In the peni
tentiary where the term Is, upon the
count, for one j-ear only, and that each
count of the Indictment and the Imprison
ment thereon are to be considered as
though had on a separate indictment.
The court stayed the mandate for twen
ty days.
LAWYER COLLINS MAKES
APPEAL FOR DDOnCK
Contends That the Penitentiary Is
Not a Proper Bepository for
His Client
I« almost constantly irritated by wind
and mineral-laden dust; Inflammation,
redness. Itching and burning, followed by
granulated eyelids, are the results.
&1URINE EYE REMEDY gives quick re
lief. Doesn't smart; soothes eye pain;
makes weak eyes strong. Your druggist
or optician sells Murine at 50 cents. *
The San Francisco Eye
for the same period, but why he was
unable to suggest. The condition of Pllls
bury's effects in his room plainly shows
that he had made no arrangements for
departure from the city, for he had taken
nothing in the way of necessities with
him. «He is widely known throughout the
city and with publicity given to his ab
sence and with the aid of the police the
railroad officials hope to gain some trace
of the missing man.
Dr. Joseph W. Henry and Miss Louise
English will be united In marriage in St.
Mary's Cathedral this morning at "3
o'clock by Archbishop Montgomery. Dr.
T. E. Bayley will be best man and Miss
Cecil Harrison will be bridesmaid.
The eroom for many years was resident
physician at St. Mary's Hospital. The
bride Is * the accomplished daughter of
James English, a well-known business
man of this city. At the conclusion of
the ceremony a wedding breakfast will b«
enjoyed at the home of the -bride. 1311
Gough street. The couple will leave in
the afternoon for the southern part of
the State, and upon their return will take
up their residence in this city.
Dr. Henry and Miss English to Be
Married at St. Mary's
Cathedral.
VEIiL KNOWN COUPLE Wll/Ii .
BE MADE ONE TO-DAY
Somebody had voted twice, and. shock-
Ing to relate. It: was none other than the
worthy, president. And .the evidence pro
duced was surely incriminating, for the
secretary so testified. Virginia blood ran
high; the whole assembly tried to tell at
one tlme'of the heinousness of the crime—
and a motion was made amid , rejoicing
that the two , elections— that of -. the presi
dent and ¦ registrar— at which Mrs.- Wright
voted wrong, be thrown out as irrelevant,
Incompetent and Immaterial. Then came
the coup * d'etat. Mrs. Van Wyck was
gayly nominated for . president, and was
elected unanimously— by her own chapter
—to become the -presiding spirit of the
future state deliberations. A, love feast
In fewer minutes than It takes to write
It, Mrs. Jacobs, a clever member of the
secessionists, had mounted the rostrum—
from which the^fitars and Stripes floated
serenely— andjiad rapped loudly for or
der. Instantly she was Joined by Mrs.
Dalngerfleld and* others, who declared
that the action of President Wright in
declaring the convention adjourned with
out tlie proper procedure was unwar
ranted and Illegal »nd that the remain
ing members resume the unfinished busi
ness and -take exception, from the ruling
of the* chair. This motion went through
the resurrected body with a rush and
then the secretary made an awful dis
covery. '¦[:•'.
In vain had Mrs. Daingerfleld tried to
explain that the convent^n of the United
Daughters of the Confederacy was still
In session, and there was more business
before the house.
Here her ballot won the' coveted honor
for Mrs. V. Montgomery of Los Angeles,
but alas for the frailty of earthly honorsl
Not more than half the convention was
on its feet at any one time during the
nine hours' session, except when a mem
ber of the Jefferson Davis Chapter tried
to talk. Then there was trouble. The
gavel rapped loud and yet louder, while
the supporters of the delegate who sought
to be heard clapped long and furiously
that she hold her courage— and the floor.
And thus the tide rose and fell; first one
side had its Inning, and then the other.
Half after 4 by the town clock and no
nominations, but plenty of recriminations.
Mrs. S. R. Thorpe, first vice president
and delegate from Los Angeles, tried
bravely to pour oil upon the waters, at
this late- hour, but the rulings of the chair
prevented the hoped for calm. Mrs. Ellis,
Mrs. Voorhies and Mrs. Churchill ably
led their cohorts, but were confronted by
a phalanx that disputed every advance
In the proceedings. A deadlock or an all
night session seemed imminent, when a
motion was made by a delegate from the
chapter, which was gracefully seconded
by Mrs. Van Wyck, the opposition leader.
This little episode served as a flag of
truce, and anon the nominating commit
tee was busy at its official duties. The
results of their deliberations' were in ac
cord with their instructions from home
and were regularly posted upon a black
board. Then the balloting began-and
here It might be well to suppress the re
port that it was necessary to summon a
peace officer. , '
The smoke of battle soon cleared suffi
ciently to discern that the following had
been elected for the State offices— that is.
to all appearances they had been:
President, Mrs. V. Montgomery; first
vice president, Mrs. E. M. Bowen; second
vice president, Mrs. G. Smith; recording
secretary. Miss Hemenway; correspond
ing secretary, Mrs. G. Dalngerfield; treas
urer Mrs. R. E- Goswltch; registrar, Mrs.
G. Churchill; historian, Mrs. R. H. Lacy.
Immediately upon reading the result of
the various ballots a motion to adjourn
was made, and seconded by Albert Sidney
Johnston members and was announced
as carried by the president without the
little formality of putting the motion to
the house. With astonishing dispatch the
chairman gathered her gloves and be
longings, and totally oblivious of twenty
clamoring Jefferson Davlsltes, gesticulat
ing and vociferating for an appeal from the
chair, she vanished Into the gathering
dusk, followed by her stanch friends and
true.
ELECT AN0THEB PBESIDENT.
BALLOT CABBIES VICT0BY.
With the Sidney Johnston Chapter
three chapters, 14 votes. With thf Jeffer
son Davis Chapter— four chapters, IS votes.
And here is where the trouble arose— the
superfluity of one vote, which the seces
sionists claim was illegally cast by the
president, Mrs. Selden S. Wrieht. In
fact they claim she cast two votes, which
is not good form even in women's clubs
one with her chapter and one after a
tie' had resulted In the presidential elec
tion.
Then, of needs they must be known
among the United Daughters of the Con
federacy, so they up and formed, a new
chapter, to be known by the name of
Jefferson Davis Chapter, of which Mrs.
Van Wyck. to soften the balm o'f her
wounded feelings, was elected president.
So far matters moved along beautifully,
until It was whispered that the new chap
ter vindicated Us secession from the par
ent body upon advice administered by the
national president, Mrs. Weed of Florida,
when she visited here. Now the merry
row begins. ¦ Mrs. Weed says >he didn't
advise In the matter— or to b© more ac
curate, her husband. Bishop Weed, says
she didn't, and he ought to know— and
the leaders of the Jefferson Davis Chap
ter say she did. Then the presidents of
the two local chapters, with their respect
ive followers In this city, array the coun
try delegations for the present election
on their sides, and lo, the result— two
presidents and two registrars. Here is
a line-up of the factions as shown In yes
terday morning's preliminary skirmish:
The United Daughters of the Confed
eracy met yesterday at Century Hall for
the final day of their annual convention
and adjourned with the remarkable show
ing: of two presidents and two registrars,
and the tactics of the late Democratic
convention were prayerful by v ay of con
trast. And this is how it happened.
In th!s city there are two chapters of
the Daughters of the Confederacy, the
Albert Sidney Johnston and the Jefferson
Davis, the first mentioned holding' the
distinction of being: the pioneer chapter
on this side of the Rockies. Of this body
Mrs. Sydney Van Wyck in due time be
came president, but a cloud— and a black
one — soon hover in sight and Mrs. Van
Wyck found it necessary for her peace
of mind— likewise that of others -to re
sism. The resignation was accepted and
with the president went a large number
of members, who hadn't yet lost the habit
of secession.
Surfeit of Officials the Casus Belli
. . end Still "Warmer Times
Are Yet to
1 .. • Come.
Two Presidents Emerge From
Smoke of First Day's
Battle.
War Invades Ranks of
Daughters of the
in.
Confederacy.
Soon after the -Board of Police Com
missioners met last evening Reagan en
tered and presented, his credentials. He
was introduced around and upon motion
was given a seat. Commissioner Howell
was in the chair and there was no ef
fort made to elect a permanent president.
9 -I-H-M I i..i..i"I-I-H"l-I-I"H"I"!"H-I-C
Thomas Reagan was born in Ireland,
County Roscommon, in 1878, and has lived
in San Francisco for the last seventeen
years. He Is a member of Laborers' Union
No. 8944. He resides at 1350 Folsom street.
Mr. Reagan Is prominent in labor circles,
having been a delegate to both the Labor
Council and Building Trades Council.
• Casey thereupon took up Reagan's ap
plication with" Commissioner Manson and
after some deliberation the two Commis
sioners decided to grant him a leave of
absence.
Reagan made verbal application to Com
missioner Casey, president of the board,
for Jeave of absence. He informed Casey
that his acceptance was all that was nec
essary to make him a Police Commission
er,'but "as the appointment in the event
of Mayor Schmitz's defeat for Mayor
would be only for the unexplred term of
three months he desired to.be at liberty
to resume ' the duties of Inspector of
Street Sweepings in case Schmltz was not
successful at the polls.
Reagan was granted an Indefinite leaye
of absence by the Board of Public Work3
yesterday in order to enable him to ac
cept the office of Police Commissioner
without entirely giving up his position as
Inspector.
Reagan is at present Inspector of Street
Sweepings In • the Department of "Works
and is a Democrat In politics. He stands
first on the civil service eligible list for
street Inspectors. .. '
er, vice George A. Newhall, who
forfeited hif • office by overetaylngr his
sixty days' leave of absence. The ap
pointment of Reagan was foreshadowed
In a recent Issue of The Call.
nAYOR SCHMITZ yesterday
mad© official announcement of
his appolntement of Thomas
Reagan to be Police Commission-
DARK DAYS
LOOM AHEAD
OF SOCIETY
SCHMITZ NAMES REAGAN
POLICE COMMISSIONER
Inspector of Street Sweepings in •Depart
ment of Public Works Is Named to Suc
ceed Newhall, Who Forfeited His Office
THE SAF. FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 7. 1903.
POLICE COMMISSIONER AP
POINTED BY MAYOR TO SUC
CEED GEORGE A. NEW'HALL
14
ADVEBTISE^IENTS.
I MISSION I
! FURNITURE |
| At 20% Discount |
o From Regular Prices. §
9 v •
9 O
9 We offer our entire line of ©
I MISSION AND o
• WEATHERED OAK •
S Dining-Room Furniture §
S Bookcases §
S Desks S
§ Chairs 3
S Tables, Etc. g
e S
|Chas.M.Plum&Co.8
o Cor. Sib and Market Sis. o
coooaoooo9oeeoso9teo8o
j '"- . **- ~~ --¦ ' Hal
| shirts!
: ARE THE BEST i
] AT THE PRICE I
j CLUETT, PEABODY & CO. S
CUTLERY
MRULMEMBRMm
AD VEBTISE2HENTS.
1^" WOMEN'S
JAUIMTYJACKETS
- UNMISTAKABLY
IUNDERPRICED k~
This sale couldn't have come at a
more opportune time — these damp
mornings and evenings give warnln*
that a heavier wrap will be needed
B right along now.
H Better come promptly — there'* risk
M In being tardy. We couldn't get many
H of these jackets to sell at these price*
B and the chances are they'll all be
H snapped up to-day. Maybe some will
g be left for those who come to-morrow,
{" but It Isn't safe to count on it.
Kersey Jackets^ — All colors and black.
Double-breasted box front. CO "— C\
Worth $5. Special at OOiOU
Cloth Jackets — Tan. brown, castor or
black. Velvet collar — pearl buttons—
B trimmed around bottom 'with eight
fl rows of stitching — lined with satin.
a "Worth $7.50. Special at.. GLCZ flfl
5 Kersey Jackets — Tan or castor. Mads
8 yoke effect, and prettified with etltch-
¦ Ing. Worth $7.50. Spe- CCC (\f\
R clal at OOevlU
ft Cloth Jackets — Castor, tan or red.
if Trimmed with velvet and stitching.
M "Worth $10. Special at .. Co hjq
I Cloth Jackets— Tan or castor. Double,
breasted box front — lined with satin.-
.'- 1 . 0 : . . f .^.f? . f .': : : 6 6 . 5 O
L»^-»— Mil ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ —
A New Management
Red Blood for
An Old Magazine
u SEE THE
S5 October
I Overland
Hj Monthly
"Western In flavor, but not an emigration
document. Several strong short stories.
Readabte descriptive matter. Interestinc
from cover to cover.
*
At Manufacturer's Price. V -"
?. MAKTY, 83 Turk Street.
Factory— 826 Howard Street. Repairing.
WEEKLY C/VT.Ti . $1 PES TEAS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Special Display of Imported Camel's Hair
and Zibeline Novelties This Week. .
¦\ 48-INCH FRENCH ZIBELINE. These WB
$i 0 C haYB onl13 ln Gol(ien Brown, Tan,
I /|| J Murtle, Navn and. Seal j have a nigh
B Bb \J - lustrous finish and long camel's half
yard. J effects.
$4 Pfl V 5 °- INCH FRENCH ZIBELINE, two-toned
I l| 1 1 I and illuminated colorings. These are
I allU 1 In aDout 12 dlffarant shales and are
yard. J ths short camel's hair effects.
$d "7 r\ 47-INCH FANCY FRENCH ZIBELINE,
I / f| I short hair effects, large assortment of
I B I iJ j colorings and one of the novelties for
yard. J Fall wear, i^:
Jhft f\ g\ \ 47-INCH NOVELTY ZIBELINES, plain
TkS 83311 colore(i grounds, with small colored
A|9LiUU j dotted effects. These we have In a
yard. J full Yarietu of colorings.
We will also show this weeX a magnificent assortment of
NEW DRESS TRIMMINGS, LADIES' CHAIN PURSES,
LADIES' FUR SCARFS, FEATHER BOAS; also new
Importation Of LADIES' KID AND FABRIC GLOVES.
NOTE.
' Orders by mail receive prompt attention. All orders
for samples or goods filled and shipped same day they
are received.
¦ vS^ •.«• **- • . , — ft a K. s
# p " -CA^'^y
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
PRAGEBS _____^
GREEN if—i JsL'^^^) GREEN
GIVEN, j!— AIAVAVfhS&lAJaLE GIVEN.
Hf23ft~ \ 250 MARKET SiW 0 " 3
Wonderfal Values in Women's Suits, Coats and
EVERYTHING AT ONE-HALF PRICE.
THIS sale is the talk of the city. Hundreds of our customers
have been fortunate to participate in it and have been rewarded
with values heretofore unheard of. Every reduction advertised
was carried out to the letter.
This sale is now being conducted and there remain counters and
racks full of the newest fall garments. There is still an immense
stock to make selection from.
Jzckets.
$2.40 About 25 tan Kersey coats, 27 inches long, lined
throucrhout. Sold everywhere at $5.00.
$9.95 — Corset coats, also about 50 handsome tailored Kersey
coats 30 inches long. Satin lined and prettily strapped.
Sldrts.
92.95— Just received, 200 pretty walking skirts; regular $5.00
values. Many other good values at $3-45. $4-45 and $5-45- •
Suits.
97.95 to 99-CO — Handsome mixtures and plain colored suits:
Worth from $13-50 to $15.00.
$14.95. 917.3O and 923.95— All styles and colors. Many
have silk drop skirts. Worth just double the price.
Splendid Values in White Organdies.
Antrrmn MillmerV I 35c a yard— White organdie
>\uiumn nmurny. of French makCf 2 yards widc A
WE have anticipated the fine soft sheer quality. Regular
wishes of those who want 50c grade,
the best styles but do not
care to pay unusually high prices TenniS Flannels.
with these few specials of ready- o 1 •»« „ ,,j , M „:„,.«,«, «*
made and untrimmetJ hats. They . 8 1 ' 3c ?\ ztA -™ ple , ces °{
Se patterned after 'the choicest heavy grade v tennis flannel. All
models, and all show the work of the newest stripes checks fig-
clever artists. At the prices we ures - c . tc - T/ Fast co ' or |- \ V . orth
are offering them they are mag- IOC and I2^ c a vard - S P eciaI -
nificent bargains.
street Hat. Drape Veils.
92.5O-A beautiful street hat 59c cach _ New made d
-Pompadour shape, rimmed of chiffon hem _
with straps and bows of retafc stjtched bord , ai f ancy or
Colors, black, navy blue, castor doUed; ya ; d J
and brown. . come m h]zck> whU blue and
-„ - rt Unt TS?^ Ha ?* ¦ brown. Very special.
91.5O and 91. « »> — A new line
of untrimmed felt shapes— Tur- fSSevlr Puffe
bans, Gainsboroughs, Pompa- nBWk ruuSl
dours and many others. A large 25c each — Neck puffs made
assortment. of silk chiffon. Very full and
Trimmings. soft. We have them in all deli-
5Oe, 73c and *?1.OO — Birds cate shades and black. Very
in all colors. much worn now.
XDVEBTISEMENTS. .
. . . ¦ • V
iffray Yh i#Sr JKs* 1 * 4yB& £tJ3. J*sf
EVERY HOME
SHOULD HAVE ITS EASY; CHAIR.
A ireat easy, roomy, comfortable chair for an hour's rest
and quiet after a hard day. Every home should have one,
and this is the chance for every home to get one. It is
made of solid oak, golden finish, with adjustable back,
patent ratchet, and a large selection of reversible corduroy
cushions from which to choose. This week only. Get it
now. Special price $5.25.
THE CREDIT HOUSE. 233, 235, 237 P06T 6lf