PRIOE, FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY; OCTOBER 1, 1903.
VOLUME XCIV— NO. 123.
YOUNG ENGINEER OFFICERS
TO DEPART FOR SERVICE
IN THE PHILIPPINE GROUP
AUSTRIAN PREMIER'S WORDS
INCREASE HUNGARIAN ANGER
AND MAY HASTEN A CRISIS
OFFICERS OF COMPANIES L AND M. THIRD BATTALION, U. S. ENGINEER CORPS, WHO LEAVE FOR THE
PHILIPPINES ON THE TRANSPORT. SHERMAN' TO-DAY. FIRST ROW, - READING V FROM . LEFT TO
RIGHT — LIEUTENANT MACARTHUR.; LIEUTENANT GRANT," LIEUTENANT: .LEEDS, 1 LIEUTENANT
SIOOSE. LIEUTENANT WOSE. MIDDLE ROW-IiIEL7TEiCANT;.<;^TH.R i XE,. CAPTAIN ItUHN.lCAI^TAIN TAY
LOR, LIEUTENANT BOGG3, LIEUTENANT B~LI,L; LIEUTENANT POPE. BOTTOM ROW — LIEUTENANT
FISKE. LIEUTENANT WILLIAMS. LIEUTENANT ADAMS. LIEUTENANT SCHLEY, LIEUTENANT TYLER.
BERLIN, Sept. 30.— Professor Nippold
of the Jena University, at the General
Conference ' of the ; Evangelical Society of
Germany at Goerlitz, Saxony, to-day
charged that Bishop Anzperman, Bishop
of , South Shantung, China," was largely re
sponsible for the outbreaks In China, be
cause of his arrogance and ambition. The
professor ev«a ¦ accused the Bishop of ln-
Professor Nippold Makes Sensational
Charges Against Chur ch* Digni
tary[in the Orient..
HOLDS BISHOP RESPONSIBLE
- ' FOR CHINESE OUTBREAKS
BUDAPEST, Sept. 30.— A sanguinary en
counter between the police and striking
car men took place here to-day. Revol
vers.were used on both sides and many
persons were. wounded, . several "mortally.
Fifty -arrests, were made. The .collision
was due to'san attempt of the strikers,
totaling about 2000 men, to prevent non
strikers working, and to the strikers at
tacking the yards of the carriers.
Strike Riots in. Budapest.
The. remarks of- the. Austrian Premier
which has most Irritated the Hungarians
consisted of his statement in the Reichs
rath .that . Austria was prepared to go
to war . in defense of Emperor Francis
Joseph's declaration against the demand
that the Hungarian language be used In
orders given to soldiers ,7 the Hungarian
contingent ¦ of the Austro-Hungarlan
army.
- Francis Kossuth, the opposition leader,
is in favor of a peaceful policy, but Herr
Barabas, who heads the majority of Kos
suth's'followers, is inclined to push the
agitation to extremes.
The . House ultimately adjourned pend
ing the formation of a new Cabinet. Herr
Kublnyi, Ministerialist, declared, in be
half of the Liberals, that they would sup
port no- Cabinet which refused. to repel
the attitude of Dr.' von Koerber, "whose
remarks violated the rights of Hungary."
Francis* Kossuth, after expressing sur
prise, at the fact that the Ministry should
have "struck,", said he hoped a Premier
would be . appointed who would vigor
ously contest the interference in Hun
garian matters of Dr. von Koerber, the
Austrian Premier.
Hedervary asked the House
to adjourn pending , the constitution of
a new Government. . Immediately, after
ward Count* Hedervary, with the other
Ministers, left the House. The President,
however, ruled that, the resignation of
the Cabinet was not sufficient ground for
an adjournment and, invited the House to
continue its ' work.
MT UDAPEST. Sept. . SO.— After
• - MB JO ¦ formally announcing his res-
B . ignation of the Premiership
' B ,"¦ B :in th e lower house of the
W '&¦ Hungarian Diet to-day Count
Cabinet Resignation
- Is Announced by
Hedervary.
POLltlCALi" LEADERS OF HTJN
.'gabt who figure in pres
'/ENT' CRISIS.
SARATOGA. Sept. 30.— A special from
Racquette Lake says that there is noth
ing to show that the burning of the Adi
rondack camp of John C Freeman, the
New York publisher," . located near that
place, on September 24, was the
of Incendiaries, to whom It haa bein at
tributed, w
No Evidence of Incendiarism.
Miss Durell was the San Francisco co
respondent of the Chicago Herald before
going on the stage. She came from that
city several years ago. Her only relative
on this . coast Is Mrs. Marshall, a niece,
residing at 430 Cliff avenue, San Fran
cisco.
111 at Modesto.
MODESTO, Sept. 30.— Miss Jean Durell.
a sketch artist, who has been giving en
tertainments on "this coast with Cyius
Brownlee Newton, a humorist, was strick
en with paralysis to-night in this city
while in the midst of the performance.
MIrs Durell was at the piano rendering
an imitation when her right hand* became
powerless. She stopped, arose and walk-
Ing to the wings fell to the floor, calling
to Newton, "I am done for." Dr. F. R.
Delanppe was summoned and had the
actress taken to a hotel and made an ex- ,
animation, which Shewed that her righ(^
side was completely paralyzed. W" :
Miss Jean Durell, a . Weil-Known
Sketch Artist, Is Suddenly Taken
STRICKEN WITH PARALYSIS
WHILE GIVING PERFORMANCE
The oSlcers at Naco have a clew to the
perpetrators of the crime, who are known
to have crossed the line into Mexico. If
apprehended the Mexican authorities will
undoubtedly turn them over without
troubling over extradition papers. .
NACO. Ariz., Sept. 30.— J. W. Dooley
was knocked on the head and robbed by
highwaymen a£ Naco on Tuesday night
and then carried to the railroad tracks
near by. The murderous thugs left him'
lying in an unconscious condition across
the rails, expecting him to be killed by a
train and his remains mutilated, thus con
cealing their crime.
Dooley was struck by the first train
which passed and dragged 100 feet, but
miraculously escaped twing killed. He
was picked up by the train crew and car
ried into Blsbee, where he was placed in
the- hospital. One arm and «. leg had to
be amputated and he is Injured internally.
At last accounts he tvas reported to b«
dying, but had recovered consciousness
long enough to tell his story.
Dooley owns a small ranch at Lowell,
near Bisbee, and had gone to Naco for a
good time. After winning a sum of mon
ey, which as far as he remembers was
about $350.' he left the gambling hall to
find a stopping place for tha night and
was followed by two of the murderous
thugs of the border, who hit him on the
head and took his money while he lay un
conscious. He does not remember any
thing after being struck on the head ex
cept that while lying on the rails he re
covered consciousness for a few minutes
and long enough to realize his horrible
position, for he was unable to move. H»
must have lain on the rails six hours be
fore the train which struck him came
along and picked him up% *
Ececlal Dispatch to Th« Call.
ThugsExpectTrain
to Crush Out' ¦'-'
His Life.
ROBBED MAN
LEFT TO DIE
ON THE RAIL
; GANTIAGO, Chile, Sept. 30.— The whole
of ; the "province of Tarapaca; Including the
port of >. Iquique; : the capital, has been de
clared free from bubonic/ plague.
Declared Free From Plague.
BERLIN, Sept. * 30.— Professor "Rudolph
Falb'.^the meteorologist,; is_ dead. ; Profes
sor Falb's name! is associated "with^a num
ber of /prediqtionSxbe-yiade^of^approach-;
ing : catastrophes which —were Hhot \ li r<jal-
Professor Rudolph Falb Is Dead.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 30.— In the distri
bution of the thirty batteries of field ar
tillery, tne following assignments are
To*£e- Vancouver Barracks, Wash., two;
E«sidio. Ban Francisco, two;, Fort Leav
worth. Kane., three; Fort Rlley, Kans.,
«; Fort D. A. Russell, Wyo., two; Phll
ipjilnes, tfcree.
Assignments of Field Artillery.
GREENFIELD, Mass., Sept. .30.— The
Packard National Bank, capital stock
5100,000 arid liabilities estimated at $500,000,
will * not: open its , doors ; to-morrow. The
Comptroller of v the Currency has noti
fied the bank officials that a national
bankexaminer will be here to-morrow.
Greenfield Sank Is Closed.
COWLES, Nebr., Sept. 30.— The dead
body of Tom Madison, the supposed slayer
of Jthe Smith County (Kansas) family of
three women, was 'found to-day in the
fields near here. He had been shot, sup
posedly- by himself. He had apparently
been dead a number of days.
The fugitive had seemingly been hound
ed bo • closely by various posses that he
was compelled to take his r own ' life" in
order, to escape his pursuers. He shot
himself under the chin with a revolver
and the'; bullet came out of the left side
of the temple. A box of rat poison was
found ¦ in his- coat pocket, together with
an " ear of ¦ corn, : half eaten.
Supposed Murderer of Three Kansas
Woman Kills Himself in
o Nebraska. *.:-¦ V
¦HOTJNDrN'O POSSES DRIVE
>iv2: FUGITIVE * TO SUICIDE
" PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 80.— A merr>
party composed; of about a dozen per
sons- was run down by a passenger train
to-night at'Sharon Hill, seven miles south
of this city, on the Philadelphia, Balti
more and Washington Railroad, and five
were killed and three others injured. The
dead:
DAVID FARRAN SR., aged 60 years.
DAVID FARRAN JR., aged 12 years. -
JANE W. BROWN.
JAMES '- BROWN, aged 25 years.
JANE -CLARK.
The injured: Thomas Brown, 18 years,
serious; Martha J. Fairan, 13 years; Miss
Clara Osgood, 40 years.
The accident occurred in front of the
Sharon Hill station while .the party was
waiting for a train. There had been a
family reunion at the Farran home and
several members of the Farran \ family
had accompanied the guests to the ¦ sta
tion. ) The Lamokin accommodation, for
which, the party was waiting, usually
passes the station on the. fourth : track.
This was. 'known to some of the party
and i when the train was heard coming In
the distance nearly every one passed over
to the third or; fourth track. Before "any
one could giyea warning the accommoda
tion strain ; came " rapidly down the 'third
track and plowed - Into . the "group." :
Five Persons of a, Merry. Party Are
Killed.
TRAIN "PLOWS INTO GEOTJP.
SALONICA; Sept. 30.— A consignment
of 6,000,000 Mauser cartridges arrived here
on Monday. An -Irade, dated September
26, records' the official, recognition of Ser
vian nationality In Macedonia,
Cartridges for Sultan's Soldiers.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Sept. 30.— An im
perial'irade has been issued calling out
50,000 recruits In the districts of the- Sec
ond and 'Third army corps, in order "to
complete, the*, effectiveness of the nizam
.(regular) battalions In Macedonia.
Turkish Eecruits Called Out.
NEW ORLEANS, Sept. ' SO.— According
to information received in this city a plan
to invade San Salvador has bften under
consideration for some time by President
Manuel E"stra'da Cabrera of Guatemala,
who in pursuit of this ideai endeavored to
enlist tfee* aid" of the Hondureart Govern
ment in.war. ' Honduras lies on. the south
and east of San Salvador and Guatemala
T?n. the * : north, and an expedition from
each of these countries wpuld c.atch San
Salvador between two fires and plaoe the
rep'ubiic in an interesting predicament. ,
• According to the plans it waa Intended
that Guatemala was to have moved on
San Salvador at the close of the rainy
season, which would havejmade the date
for the! move # eome , time this nionth.
However, the* contemplated combine with
Honduras appears to have* fallen through
owing j to the refusal of the President of
that republic to join hands with Guate
mala in the attempt. The project Has by
no means been abandoned by : President
Cabrera of Guatemala, and consequently
news of an expedition is momentarily ex
pected.
San Salvador is more closely eonnected
with Guatemala than any other Central
American country, and is most easily
reached by troops, thus making it the
natural objective point for expeditions
from that country. Honduras is sepa
rated from Guatemala by a range of
mountains, which would render the trans
port df soldiers" a matter ' attended by
much difficulty, but in the case of .' San
Salvador only a tableland about thirty
miles in width separates the two' coun
tries. It is .possible to travel in a day on
horseback from the capital of Guatemala*
into , Salvadorian territory, and there
would be no trouble attendant upon the
entrance of an army into the latter re
public. ,
President Cabrera of Guatemala * has
from. time to time massed troops. on the
frontier, of ¦ the • two t countries. At one
time,, it is understood, he had 14,000 troops
camped on, the frontier, and; at the-pres
ent moment it Is estimated that there are
from ; 6000 to 7000 soldiers located at va
rious points.
The. reasons for the contemplated inva
sion "of San Salvador are numerous and
largely concern- the internal affairs of
Guatemala. The incumbent of the Presi
dency; is one) of the most unpopular ' of
Central American Presidents.
Spedrf. Dispatch to TSie Call.
CALL. BUREAU. 1406 G STREET N.
XV., WASHINGTON, Sept. 30.— Robert P.
Skinner. United States Consul "at Mar
seilles, small, dark e^a alert, and H. W.
Wales, his secretary. Jarge, blonde and
muscular, constitute the entire comple
ment at present of the expedition which
will penetrate Abyssir.ia fcj negotiate a
personal treaty with Kinp Mtjiellk. They
will formulate more def.nltely\he!r plans
ct a conference to-morrow with N Assistant
Secretary of State Francis B. X«oomls,
who returned to Washington to-night.
Skinner does not consider the ventur* the
greatest thing in the world. H<s taiVed
modestly about it to-night.
"The project has no political signing
cacce whatever," said he. "I have com
jinunlcated with the Prime Minister of
f Abyssinia and I have been assured of a
¦ cordial welcome at Addis Ababa.. Amer
ican products have bo great a hold on the
Abyssinian market that we should have
a. definite commercial convention. I ex
pect to sail for my post, Marseilles, on
| October S, and to leave for Djibouti, the
port nearest the Abyssinian frontier. We
expect to have a g^iard of marines from
one of the warships of the European fleet
and it will be necessary to employ many
natives to care for the pack animals. The
expedition will be organized at Harrar.
"I am earning, on a silver platter, as
it were, an invitation for King Menelik
to send an exhibit to the Louisiana Pur
chase Exposition. We believe such rep
resentation would be extremely advan
tageous bcth to the United States and to
Abyssinia."
It is undecided as yet whether the en
tire European fleet will convey Skinner
i and his mission to Djibouti. It will de-
Spend altogether upon whether the Ameri-
Ican warships may safely be withdrawn
|frcm Beirut, Syria, whither they went
fafter the attempted assassination of Vice
SJConsul Magellsen. The gunboat Machias,
rfcow at Port Said, will in any event be
I available for his use.
trfc.ni Dispatch to The Call.
Consul Skinner Ex
i plains Unique
Mission.
Invasion of San
Salvador Is Im
. .minent .
BERLIN, Sept. *30.— Tewflk Pasna, the
Turkish Embassador, has been called
suddenly to Constantinople. He left to
day and the inference is. that his advice
Is required In relation to developments In
the Balkan situation. o The Embassador
saw the Foreign Office before leaving
Berlin.
Sultan Summons Tewfik Pasha.
LEWISTON,- Idaho, Sept. 30.— A special
to the Tribune from* Grangevllle says
William Rooke, awaiting trial for horse
stealing, overpowered a special officer, and
made his escape this afternoon. To-night
it is believed Rooke has been located In
a thicket and the. fugitive Is surrounded
by a large posse.
Horse Thief Breaks Jail.
Mrs. Isabelle Worrell Ball was asked,
In a resolution, to resign from ¦ the order:
She refused/and was expelled.' To-night
ehe intimated that; she- will 'take legal
steps- to ' compel the officers of , the order
to reinstate her to membership' again.
More than seventy deltgatei were pres
ent at th« meeting of th» United States
Veteran Navy to-day. T.\a. Nerney of
San Francisco was elected lieutenant com
mander.
The Women's Auxiliary of .the Spanish
War Veterans elected the following offi
cers to-night: President general, Mrs.
Isabella /Alexander; recording- secretary
general," Mrs. Clara Bailey; treasurer gen
eral, Miss Margaret Bright. • All are' of
Cleveland.' The election was preceded by
a strong discussion. ,
NEHY HAVEN, Conn.. Sept SOi-Colonel
Harold c. McGpfew of Indianapolis was
to-day elected commander in chief of the
National Army and Navy Spanish War
Veterans, other officers were elected- as
follows: SeMor vice commander, Champ
S. Andrews, -lTeW York; junior vice com
mander. LudeL F.\ Burpee, Waterbury.
Conn.; judge atyocate general. I. N.
Kinney. Bay City, Mich.; Inspector gen
eral. Fred C. Kuebnle; New York: sur
geon general, Dr. Frtnk W. Heldley, Cin
cinnati; chaplain general Rev W H. 1
Reany, U. S. N.
Colonel Harold C. McGrew of India
napolis Is Chosen as Coxnman
\ der in Chief.
. Captains Taylor and Kuhn are In" com.
mand of the two companies, which, at
the termination of the two years' Philip
pine service, will, in all probability, be"
assigned to the different home posts. .
k . . :¦¦'¦¦¦-¦--¦••:'_ . ¦¦ ¦
SPANISH ' WAS VETERANS
\ ELECT TH ki «. OFFICERS
noon to-day on the transport
Sherman. They are Captains Kuhn and
Taylor and Lieutenants MacArthur,
Grant, Leeds, Moore, Rose, Guthrie,
Boggs, Bell. Pope. Fiske, Williams.
Adams, SchleyXand Tyler.
The young men. most of whom are re
cent graduates of West "Point Military
Academy, are impatient to begin service
in the far away islands, but at the same
time find" it extremely dimcujt to leave
the ' hosts . of friends th'ey have made
during their short stay at the Presidio.
¦ Lieutenant Grant is the grandson of
the late . U.-S. . Grant . and has already
evinced many of : the characteristics so
familiar to .those who knew General
Grant Lieut. MacArthur is the son of
General MacArthur and graduated from
West Point at the head of nis class, with
Lieutenant Leeds a close enough second
to afford a keen sense of rivalry between
the two men, which is now a standing
Joke among their fellow officers.
The names of several members of the
two companies figure prominently In the
history of both the Civil aod ' Spanish
wars. . if"-.",' "
& i yi I* tlE officers of Companies L and
r M M of the Third Battalion, U.
8 ¦ ¦ 8* Engineer Corps, have been
B assigned to two years' Phllip
' ' pine service and will leave at
GUATEMALA
WEARIES OF
TRANQUILITY
GOES SOON
TO CAPITAL
OF MENELIK
Ordered to Insular
Possessions for
Two Years.
All of the injured, with the- exception
of Kilroy and Enright, are employed at
the Ideal race tracks.
The blame" for ' the accident . Is laid by
Motorman Kllroy upon the wet rails of
the track. He saw the danger in time to
avoid.it and applied the brakes, but the
car slid along the track with locked
wheels.' The passenger train, which was
running at a high rate of speed, struck
the i streetcar, near the center, cutting it
squarely in' Iwo. It was reduced to . splin
ters'and the force of the collision' was
such that several of , the injured were
hurled high in the air. Two of the killed
met their deaths by striking the ground
after being thrown up with the wreck.
J. WILLIAMS, jockey, who .rode the
second horse in the last race at Harlem
to-day.
JAMES GALLAGHER. Elmira, N. T.
The injured: Frank Gray, -Lexington,
Ky., badly cut and bruised; Louis Struby,
leg broken and badly injured; J. M. Cor
rigan, arms and legs cut; J. Markely,
badly cut and bruised; Charles Cross,, se
vere scalp wounds; 'John" Kllroy, motor
man, • bruised and \ cut: Dennis Enright,
conductor of demolished car, ankle
broken; John Luney, badly, bruised and
cut.
CHICAGO, Sept 80.— Five "persons were
killed and a score of others were" Injured
in c a collision between the Wisconsin Cen
tral limited passenger train, which leaves
here at 6 o'clock) and a" Forty-thlrd-ave-"
nue j streetcar at Fifty-second avenue to
night. The streetcar was crowded with
passengers returning from the Harlem
raco track and every man- in the car was*
injured. The motorman had received the
signal to cross and had just reached the
center of the track when the passenger
train crashed into his car. None of the
passengers had time to escape. The dead:
JOSEPH BUTLER, colored.
WILLIAM GRIFFITH, . Kansas City ;
helper at the Hawthorne track. .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Chicago Racegoers
in a Fatal Col
lision.
FIVE KILLED
IN WRECK OF
STREET CAR
Another dispatch from the Rlla Mon
astery gives a-' report that the whole
population of the district of Razlog has
been massacred" or has fled. Three thou
sand women and 'children, fugitives from
the Turkish soldiery, have arrived at
Rlla. Many villages around Razlog are
said to be burning. The town itself is
surrounded with tents occupied by the
Turkish troops, who avoid fighting, and,
according to the^dlspatch. attack only the
Innocent.
A report fronVt Philippopolls says the
War Department! 1e again bu;»in? horses
and that a battaliou has gone to the fron
tier.' .-- --T»v ¦ - ,•-
Letters from Monaetir say tha Turkish
authorities are posting a final Invitation
to the insurgents to return to their homes.
The proclamation, after referring ¦ to the
remarkable cleirfency thus far shown,
concludes: • ¦¦¦ ¦
• "Therefore, for the last time, tha Bul
garians who have been^deceived and who
have left their firesides and trades are
inyited to return to their homes and vil
lages. Those who do not return and who
refuse to trust to the mercy of the lm
-perial Government will be pursued and
their homes destroyed in a most severe
fashion." •
A' special dispatch from Rlla Monastery
says that troops .recently attacked a
neighboring village; that the men fled to
the forests, and that the soldiers beat and
tortured' the women and children.
SOFIA, Sept. '80.— A report issued by
the revolutionary committee at Monastir
gives details of a long list of atrocities
committed by the': Turkish troops _in Sep
tember, including ' the ruthless slaughter
of a number, of children, who were hurled
from high rocks. -It Is said that the Turks
killed more than 200 peasants in a num
ber of villages, and that while taking; 130
villagers as prisoners to Nevesko they
massacred ' seven ty 7 flve of them. At an
other place eighteen women were mal
treated and then shut in a barn, which
was set on fire. :
Porte Threatens to Destroy
the Homes of Bulgarian
Insurgents.
Torch Is Applied to a
Barn Holding Cap
tive Women.
Fresh atrocities in
• the Monastir
Vilayet
TURKS HURL
BABES FROM
HIGH ROCKS
The San Francisco CallSPRINGFIELD, 111.. . Sept. 30.— Harry H.
Devereaux, Mayor^pf Springfield, was indicted
to-day by the Grand Jury of Sangamon County
on five counts charging: malfeasance Jn office in
permitting , tbe operation of -. gambling houses,
stot machines in saloons and . other places, and
soolrooma, -
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 30.— The committees
of the Cumberland Presbyterian church
and the Presbyterian church spent to-day
in conferring on the question of union of
the two religious f denominations, r and to
night it was announced that all. prelimi
naries .had been completed and that each
body is ready for the Joint conference to
morrow. • ¦¦-. ,
Presbyterians May Unite.
VIENNA, Sept 30.— Frau Marie Geis
tlnger, the actress and singer, died last
night at Klagenfurt. near Lake Worth.
She had made two tours of America, the
last one in 1837. . . -
Noted Austrian Actress Dead.
Teachers Wanted in Philippines.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 30.— The Civil Ser
vice Commission has received a call from
the Philippine Government f or 1 ZO . male
teachers and will hold examinations at,
various cities on October -19 and 20. Tha
salaries range from JOOO to $1200 per an^
num. ¦ .. .-¦-.¦* I
A woman's work would be done if she
used a gas range. We sell them. San
Francisco Gas and Electric Comoaiwr. y>
TIENTSIN; Sept 30.— In consequence of
prevalence of bubonic plague at Pen tang,
on the Gulf of Chili, the foreign military
authorities have co-operated with the Chi
nese-and-placed-a sea and land cordon
around Pehtang/<&BSHg
Bubonic ' Plague Quarantine.
Army order— First Lieutenant Irvine W.
Patton, assistant surgeon from San Fran
cisco, to Fort Hamilton, N. Y.
WASHINGTON.- Sept. SO.— Postofllce dis
continued October 14:
Oregon— King, Marion County, mall- to
Jefferson.
Postmaster commissioned — Oregon-
Charles D. Crane. Winona.
Of ; Interest to the Pacific Coast.
NEW YORK, Sept 30. — Relatives of
Alphonse J. Stephani. who was serving
a life sentence in Dannemora prison for
murder, have entered an unusual mo
tion before the Supreme Court. They
desire to have a fortune ot- $100,000 pos
sessed by the murderer. Stephanl
killed Attorney F. T. Reynolds in . his
otfice twelve years ago. He was con
victed of murder In the second degree.
Want Prisoner's Fortune.
CHEEFOO. China. Sept. 30.— A band of
Russianized Chinese brigands have raided
Takusan and kidnaped fifteen wealthy
Chinese-; whom they are holding for ran
som. A reign of terror exists In the Yalu
district' Russian troops are holding the
Korean side of the river. !
Wealthy Chinese Are Kidnaped.
GUTHRIE, Okla, Sept. 30.— Dee Cra
vens, a wealthy Beaver County ranch
man, has been acquitted on the charge
of murdering a neighbor with whom he
quarreled and, as alleged, killed in self
defense a year ago. ; The men were mem
bers, of the same School Board and had
a ¦ misunderstanding as to school, taxes.
Cravens has been in the Federal Jail sev
eral months. ' : i
Acquitted of Murder Charge.
LEXINGTON. S. C Sept. 30.— During
the seven hours devoted to-day to • the
trial of James H- Tillman seven of the
State's witnesses were heard. .Some of
the cross-examinations to-day by counsel
for the defense were rigid. The State'stm
has -a number of witnesses- to he called,
and it Is now expected that at least two
weeks wiU be consumed in the trial of
the case. Much of the testimony to-day
was of a technical nature.
Two Weeks for Tillman Trial.
Exports of Grain and Flour.
TACOMA. Sept 30.— The first grain ship
of this season's fleet cleared to-day from
Tacoma. The German, .bark Nomlna
sailed to-day for Plymouth or Queens
town for orders with 38,135 bushels of
wheat and 95,529 bushels of barley: total
value, $82,470.
PORTLAND, Or.. Sept 30.— The steam
ship Indrapura sailed for Hongkong and
Yokohama- to-day, with 52,576 barrels of
flour. In addition to her flour cargo the
Indrapura 1 carried 1510 boxes of Oregon
apples for Chinese and Japanese ports.
Stolen' Goods Suddenly Disappear.
SALINAS, Sept 30.— When the case of
William H. Dougherty, one ot the accused
freight train robbers, was called in court
to-day the District Attorney moved that
the charge • of - -burglary - be -dismissed.
Dougherty was then booked for -receiving
stolen goods. He told the officers he would
lead them to where some stolen hides and
household goods were stored. When they
reached the place they found the hides
were missing, r-and it Is supposed Dough
erty's accomplices took them.
STEEL TRUST IS READY"
TO REDEEM ITS STOCK
Reassuring Offer to Officers and Em
* Ployes Who Invested * in -.the
Shares! ' '. *,' I
NEW YORK, Sepf 30.-The following
circular was Issued to-day after a meet
ing of the finance committee of the United
Elates Steel Corporation: • ¦
retained this st,SV*S ° J .£-£ ho 8h|UI hav «
and otherwise <2£ DU . d u " ,««««» •' five yeam
ircular.. $S2 CO^r l SiS! t fei b ? h te ™ 8 , of ">•
the- rebate, -and bJnSf. 1 *^ 01^ h« k> Jl s »
,emttled to under the clroui.^^i \ , e , b * en
'benefits: received on ac^Sa^ '^L Udl JL c
;^» interest and dlvj^.f wn"4 " ?"wm'
-in- asy event • retain): Rrovwed hV wUheT V*
-*p!1 the ttock for that Price at that Time -^
Marriage of Assemblyman Black.
SANTA CRUZ, Sept. 3O.-Miss Rae Mll
ler, one of the most, popular young ladies
In the Santa Cruz . Mountains, was mar
ried to-day to Assemblyman Marshall
Black of Palo. Alto. -The officiating cler
gyman . was Rev. A. H. Briggs of San
Francisco. .Mr. and Mrs. Black left in the
afternoon for the East
\ NBW YORK.- Sept 30.— The North German •
Joyd- etwner Kronprfn* WlUielm arrived to
VVfroni Hamburg;- Southampton and ohcr
• f-g a day late on account of being: delayed
to tb« Enrlisb Channel thirty hours by rog!
• NEW YORK; Sept. ¦ 30.^-E. U. • Harriman
*«• to-day elected a director i of to« Erie
Railroad..
Wounded Train Robber Is Identified.
PORTLAND, Sept : , 30.— Oscar Stone,
who is In Jail here on a charge of ob
taining money by false pretenses, says
that he recognizes Jimi Connors, tho
wounded robber, who attempted to. hold
up an Oregon Railroad and Navigation
train a week ago, as one Roberts. Stone
says Connors; alias Roberts, was arrested
with "Butch" Cassidy and "Kid" Curry
near Billings, Mont, in- 1897 for robbery
and that the trio broke jail.
NEW YORK, Sept. 30.— The sub-treasury
disbursed to local financial Institutions to-day
$1,187,000 for Australian gold deposited at Sao
FranciBCO. . .
BERLIN. Sept.. 30.— A fresh decree of
Emperor William is irv, preparation for
bidding the ill-treatment of recruits.
Public feeling on the subject is rising on
account of the numerous instances of
abuses which have been' reported during
the last fortnight
5
Kaiser Checking Army Abuses.
LrVERPOOL, Sept 20.— The Express
says that the estimated liabilities of John
Wrigley & Sons of Liverpool, the flnfl
prominent in the - cotton trade, whfch
failed September 15, are $396,250 and the j
total assets $390,000, including $305,000 cash
in bank and on hand. It is possible that
a dividend of 13 shillings on the pound
sterling will be declared. /
Liabilities of Wrigley & Sons.
NEW YORK, Sept 30.— Four special
agents of the Treasury Department ap
pointed by Secretary Shaw to make an
investigation - of the customs service at
this port have completed their inquiry
and submitted their report to the Secre
tary. During more than four months the
commission has been busy In the various
departments examining employes, looking
over, books and on several occasions ap
pearing as witnesses in ¦ the cases before
the Board of General Appraisers, and in
the recent discovery of diamond under
valuations they were especially active.
The only result of their investigations so
far made public has been the recent dis
placement of Examiner of Drugs Jewett.
TREASURY AGENTS AND
SPECIAIi INVESTIGATION
Customs Service in New York Under
goes a Thorough Inquiry by
. Commission.
' Ben Friese, the proprietor, attempted to
resist, but was promptly knocked down
with a blow from the gun of one of the rob
bers and seriously injured. Another man
who was in the place at the time turned
slightly around while the robbers were
going through the till, and he, too, was
given a blow over the head with a re
volver. Two men suspected of being con
nected with the hold-up are under arrest.
SALT LAKE. Utah. Sept. 30.— Six men,
all mtaked and armed, entered a saloon
near the Short Line depot early to-night
and after compelling the seven men who
w ,re In the place to face the wall with
Mclr hands elevated appropriated all the
money in sight amounting to about $130.
Knocked Down by Blo-w Prom
Bevolver.
Proprietor Attempts to Resist and Is
MASKED ROB3ERS RAID
A SALT LAKE SALOON
LONDON, Sept. 30.— A meeting of the
shareholders of the Lyceum Theater Com
pany to-day approved the plan presented
for the reorganization of the company
and the turning of the classic playhouse
into a music hall. Indignant sharehold
ers protested that their losses were due
to bad management, and criticized Sir
Henry Irving, whose name induced them
to subscribe their money, for not being
present to gi'*e the meeting the benefit of
his advice and reply to criticism.
Lyceum Theater to Be Music Hall.
NEWPORT, R. I., Sept 30.— News of
the death of Embassador Herbert in
Switzerland reached Mrs. Ogden Goelet,
sister of Mrs. Herbert, here to-day. What
effect, if any, the event may have on the
approaching marriage of Miss May Goelet
to the Duke of Roxburghe could not be
stated.- At' Ochre" Court, Mrs. Goelet'a
residence, it was said that there had been
no time to consider future plans.
May Delay a Marriage.
Taylor concluded his argument this af
ternoon and Sir Edward Carson, the So
licitor General, followed. It was during
Sir Edward's speech that Chief Justice
Alverstone made the anouncement of the
death of 6ir Michael Herbert, the British
Embassador at Washington. The Solici
tor General confined himself largely to
the effect that the exact wording of the
treaty supported the British contentions.
LONDON, Sept 30.— Hannls Taylor of
counsel for the United States at to-day's
session of the Alaskan Boundary Com
mission- continued his argument dealing
with the' international law phase of the
dispute. He declared that the construc
tion put by." the Canadians on various
terms employed in the treaty was not jus
tified by international law, especially the
reference to the general trend of the
-coast and the mention made of Canada.
Declares International Law Does Not
Sanction Construction Claimed'
by Canada.
HANNIS TAYLOR FINISHES
BOUNDARY ARGUMENT
¦ BALTIMORE, Sept. 30.— At tha n*
tlonal convention of State Insurance Com
missioners to-day the report relating to
fraternal beneficiary associations wa#<
adopted after a number of amendment*
The report relates entirely tc» th» recom
mendation of a proposed uniform bin ot.
the subject of fraternal insurance, to*,
purpose being to have every Stato In tho ¦
Union adopt it. i.v
The salient features of the bill as ap
proved is that new organizations shaK not
charge a minimum rate . less than ono
based on the actuaries' mortaliJy table
and 4 per cent interest The ©M organi
zations now In existence may either In
corporate in compliance with this law as
to the rate named for new members or
continue on their present plan.
State Commissioners Adopt Report
Urging Control of Rate Charged
by New Companies.
PROPOSE UNIFORM LAW
OF FRATERNAL INSURANCE
To-day word was. received at the office'
of Governor- Pardee from the Secretary
of State at Washington to the effect that
information had been received from Ger
many that the. authorities there would not
deliver up Masterson without further and
stronger proof of his guilt. The Governor
has .instructed the District Attorney ... at
Los Angeles to supply all, of the proof
that may be necessary to secure the re
turn of the accused man to this country.
SACRAMENTO, Sept 30.— Sheriff White
of Los Angeles County .went to Germany
several weeks ago with extradition papers
for E. F. Masterson, charged with embez
zlement for the' alleged theft of (100,000
from a . building and loan association.
White had to return without his man, .but
was assured, however, by the German
authorities" that they would . keep a , close
lookout i for. Masterson. . , . ,
German Authorities Refuse to Sur
render Alleged Embezzler From
Los Angeles County.
WANT STRONGER PROOF v : -
OF ,MASTERSON»S GUILT
A message was also "cent to Mlra Page's
relatives and at noon "her "brothers, Mil
ton Page of San Jose and Robert Page,
who came from Butte, Mont., to assist
in the search -for the body, arrived here.
An inouest-was held this afternoon at
Coroner Morgan's office and a verdict was
rendered in accordance with the facts.
Miss Page was prominent In society and
It is believed that the body has" been
at the bottom of the kelp be<!3 which
extend along the coast a short distance
from shore since the day of the drown
ing and thai it was caught in the meshes
of the sea growth.
When Jackson arrived at the wharf with
the badly decomposed body he instructed
a fisherman .to -telephone to Coroner Mor
gan.
CAUGHT IN -THE ;KELP.
J. A. P. Jackson, who has followed
fishing for a number' of years, left his
home on Lighthouse avenue long before
daylight this morning to fish, for smelt
in the kelp beds up the coast He had
been fishing for some time and' was nearly
opposite the wave motor on the cliff
drive when he -discovered the body in the
kelp. It was floating face downward.
drowning; was found by J. A. P.
Jackson this morning floating in a bed
of keln about a mile from where she
jumped Into the surging waters. Since
the suicide every fishing boat that left
the wharf here, and there are many dally,
has been on the lookout for the body
and every morning and evening the coast
has been patrolled by relatives, officers
and friends of .the dead fclrl. ; .
/0 m^ ANTA CRUZ, Sept 30.— The body
'^-, of Miss Hertha .Page, the young
2^S) society girl of San Jose who six
&*S teen days aco met her death by
SAN DIEGO, Sept. 30.— Miss Julia
Grant, daughter of U. S. Grant, and Miss
Isabel G. Ingle had a narrow escape from
receiving serious injuries yesterday in- a
runaway accident on Eighth street Miss
Grant was driving her own spirited horse
attached to a. light buggy and when near
ing G street a horse attached to another
vehicle fell, 'frightening Miss Grant's ani
mal, which reared and swerved, over
turning the buggy and throwing Miss
Grant and her companion to. the ground.
The young ladies were bruised about their
heads and sides and were' removed to
their homes. The horse was badly in
jured, a section of the shaft entering its
side to a depth of about five inches.
Narrowly Escapes Serious Injury
While Driving With a Lady
. Friend in San Diego.
DAUGHTER OF TJ. S. GRANT
IS THROWN FROM A BUGGY
•No trace of the girl could be found
here, except that she had been seen sit
ting on the rocks at Veau de Leau. She
had evidently wandered around all Sun
day night and drowned herself some time
in Monday. Her hat and gloves were
found on the rock where she had been
seen sitting.
-Miss Page had been. ill for some time.
Just before her disappearance she re
turned to San Jose from, a trip to Lake
Tahoe. While at that resort she had had
an attack of heart failure and had been
under the care of a physjeian. For fear
of worrying her mother she had kept her
illness to herself.' From the sickness she
became temporarily deranged and while
in this condition' she wandered off and
drowned herself.
The - remains of Miss Page were taken
to San Jose by her brothers, Robert and
Milton Page, this evening on the 9:20
o'clock train. The funeral services and
burial will be held Friday morning at
San Jose.
ILLNESS AFFECTS MIND.
church affairs in San Jose and had a
large coterie of friends. She was a mem
ber of the San Jose Oratorio Society and
also the Ladles' Band. She resided with
her mother, Mrs. Catherine Page,- at 561
South Seventh street, San Jose. On Sun
day evening. September 13, she left her
home on a bicycle for the ostensible pur
pose of visltlne some frlenfls on South
Eleventh street. "That was the last seen
of her in San Jose. The Sheriffs office
and the police were notified and a search
was begun. Her bicycle was found the next
evening alongside of a warehouse at the
narrow gauge depot in San Jose, and it
was later learned that a young woman
answering Miss Page's description had
come to Santa Cruz on the Sunday even-
Ing train. . . ; . .
Official Washington learned with pro
found regret, of the death of Sir Michael
Herbert. The State Department cabled
to Mr. Choate, the American Embassador
in London, instructing him to convey to
the British Foreign Office an appropriate
expression of the Washington Govern
ment's sympathy.
•WASHINGTON; J ; .Sept. ! , 30.— President
Rook evelt was deeply . grieved when in
formed of the death of Sir Michael Her
bert, • the ' British Embassador to this
country. He and" Sir Michael and Lady
Herbert were, personal -as well as official
friends,- and he- has sent a^ personal mes
sage of condolence to Lady Herbert. The
following, statement by authority of the
President was issued at the White House
to-day:
The President is deeply shocked and grieved'
at the death . of Sir Michael Herbert, both be
cause of his personal affection for Sir Michael
and because 'of his high appreciation of him
as an official.. . ... •
Sir Michael Herbert and Mr. Roose
lT> '¦¦' "'. - velt Personal Friends.
PRESIDENT IS GRIEVED.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
It'was announced to-night from Wilton,
Wiltshire, of which the ; Earl of Pem
broke.S Sir Michael's ; brother, has ; been
Mayors and ¦ member of Parliament, . that
the ' Embassador's . bod y w^ll > be brought
to England ¦ and ' was expected - to * arrive
, Lady, Herbert was formerly Miss Leila
Wilson, . daughter, of Richard T. Wilson,
the 'New York banker, and is. related to
the Vanderbilt, Ogden Goelet and Astor
families. \ " . \ .:
A "dispatch- from Paris on September 12
said that Lady Herbert was devotedly
nursing her delicate husband back to
health at Davos-Platz; With the hope of
restoring her husband, Lady Herbert was
lingering at -Davos-Platz; thoOgh>the re
sort iwas; deserted , at .that time of the
year.V; ,"'..:'..->¦ . ¦ -:..
. Lady Herbert intended to' leave Switz
erland a short time ago with her chil
dren, but she apparently changed ' her
plans and remained at Davos-Platz.
Sir Michael had been at Davos-Platz
about five weeks. When he returned to
London 'from- America he confessed that
he felt far from well, but hla physicians
still held hooes. of his conquering the con
sumption. The Embassador. expected to
leave Davos-Platz a week or so ago, in
'order to greetthe Alaskan commissioners
here, but he contracted bronchitis. Of
this he wrote only a few days ago quite
slightingly, saving' it was only ' annoying
because • on account of it the doctor in
sisted on his not going to London to see
his American friends.
SIR MICHAEI/S ILLNESS.
Solicitor General Carson followed and
the commission quietly broke up until
to-morrow.
¦ Friends of Sir Michael Herbert came
hurrying along the . Foreign Office corri
dors to ascertain if the news were true.
On all \ sides— American, Canadian . and
English— genuine sorrow was exhibited,
which was evidently actuated by a sense
of deep personal loss.
In the meanwhile Embassador Choate
had ' entered. He had Just come from Lord
Lansdowne's room, where he haU learned
the news."
.. The intense silence which followed the
delivery of Lord Alverstone's tribute was
broken by Jacob M. Dickinson of Ameri
can counsel, who voiced the American
sorrow and. proposed an adjournment of
the commission. ¦;.-¦-
A second later the counsel, • secretaries
and spectators sat spellbound as Lord Al
verstone, with trembling voice and tears
coursing down his. cheeks, announced that
Sir Michael Herbert was dead. Maps and
boundaries wer»r utterly forgotten. With
dramatic pathos the international contest
ants became fellow sympathizers, listen-,
ing in stunned amazement to Lord Alver
stone's tribute to the man whose death
none even expected.
LORD ALVERSTONE'S TRIBUTE.
Rather than trust to extempore expres
sion, Lord Alverstone had Jotted down a
few sentiments, which he read, as fol
lows: * yy- ; ':"
The members of this tribunal have Just
learned with the deepest sorrow of the death
of Sir Michael Herbert, who, in "behalf of
Great. Britain, negotiated and sipned the treaty
by which this tribunal ' was constituted and
under which It Is at this moment sitting. I
cannot trust my self- to express the feelins of
rrief . which this announcement has caused to
every member of thla' tribunal and to many
others- who had the jpre&t privilege of Herbert's
friendship. It is no language exaggeration to
say that no man ever brought to tho discharge
of his duties, his Ideals, and few. if any,
greater qualifications. His Majesty and tho
British nation have lost a devoted public ser
vant ' and many ] of us have lost a cherished
personal friend.
LONDON, Sept. SO.-Slr Michael
Herbert, British Embassador _to__
the United States, "died " to-day ~at*
Davbs-Platz;. Switzerland, after la
long .and •„ plucky Ifight
consumption, •. waico'"-"termlnatedP --"with 1
tragic suddenness. The first announcement
of the Embassador's .untimely, eqd was
made at t$is afternoon'*; iesslonrdf; tlioi
Alaskan BVunaa-V "Cbn:ruIs9. T bn. .JHannis
Taylor, in ' "of " the Uhlted~States7
had finished his lengthy argument at » p.
m., and Sir Edward Carson^ the Solicitor:
General, was replying with an J intricate)
legal argument dealing ; with^, maps' and
the ancient Vancouver controversy, 'which 1 '
was half-heartedly attended - >1" . those
present. Some,of them made preparations;
to leave the hall as the Solicitor General
delved deeper into the dry-as-dust details,'
when Chief Justice Alverstone.held up
his hand and Sir Edward sat down. .»
at Wilton on October 30. The news of his
death was received with profound regret
and" the Town" Council met this evening
.and pased a. resolution of condolence.
PRETTY YOUNG SOCIETY MISS OF SAN JOSE WHO DROWNED HER
SELF WHJLE. TEMPORARILY DERANGED AND WHOSE BODY
WAS RECOVERED YESTERADY OFF SANTA CRUZ BEACH.
BRITISH EMBASSADOR TO THE UNITED STATES. WHO HAS SUC
CUMBED-TO CONSUMPTION WHILE SOJOURNING IN SWITZER
LAND IN THE HOPE OF RESTORING HIS SHATTERED HEALTH.
Tho Czar in replying said that the Em
peror's words of welcome had touched
him deeply. He had accepted the invita
tion with exceptional pleasure and was
happy to be able to express his personal
feelings. The cordial understanding be
tween Russia and Austria and the com
plete harmony In the action of their gov
ernments constituted a' valuable pledge
for the success . of the great work of
pacification on which they were mutually
agreed.. The,- humanitarian aim pursued,
continued tbe Czar, 'excluded all partial
ity and must be attained with . firmness
and perseverance by methods which were
most fitted to insure a real and perma
nent pacification. He hoped, he said, that
these efforts would contribute', to the
strengthening of general peace.
After luncheon the Emperors, accom
panied by Grand Duke Francis Ferdinand
and a number of guests; drove to the sta
tion near Vienna, where they took a train
for Muersteg on a hunting expedition. In
the course of which, it is expected, the
Balkan situation will be discussed.
? The Emperor's reception,- however, was
respectful if not as enthusiastic as might
have been expected. The thoroughfares
through which the Czar and Emperor
Francis Joseph drove on their .way. from
the station to Schoenbrunn Castle were
effectively decorated, but the city proper
showed almost no evidence of welcome.
This may be accounted for by the fact
that the royal procession did not touch
the main section of Vienna.
The Czar on his arrival Eeemed tired,
and on the way to; Schoenbrunn Castle
gave little evidence of Interest In the ar
rangements for his reception. The police
precautions were extraordinary. Almost
half the Vienna force was concentrated
along the route from the station, where a
great number of detectives were gathered.
At the state luncheon Emperor Francis
Joseph proposed the health . of the Czar
and expressed his pleasure at welcoming
him. He said that the acceptance of the
invitation was a fresh proof of the friend
ship, which he (Emperor Francis Joseph)
highly esteemed. The cordiality of their
personal relations had already repeatedly
exercised a beneficial influence on the po
litical relations between the two countries,
and he hoped, continued the Emperor,
that their perfect accord of views arid
considerations regarding the regrettable
occurrences in the . Balkan peninsula
would again contribute to the success of
tho action the two countries were jointly
taking there in the interest of European
peace.
VIENNA, Sept." 30.— The arrival of the
Czar here to-day was not marked by the
same popular enthusiasm as was shown
during the visits of King Edward and'Em
peror William. This was probably due to
the "military and police precautions, . as
both sides of the streets were lined with
Infantry, cavalry and artillery, and be
hind the hedge, of soldiers was a thick
line of police facing the populace.
Two Emperors Will Discuss the
Balkan Situation Wnile They
Are Hunting Game at
Muerzteg.
Extraordinary Precautions
Are Taken to Protect
His Life.
"WASHINGTON". Sept. 30.— Ellis H.
Roberts. Treasurer of the United States, i
has submitted his report to Secretary
Shaw on the condition of the treasury '•
on June 9. 1903, and its operations dur- .
ing the fiscal year. The total net rev-?
enues for the year were $560,396,673, an
increase of J3S.J»3S.43O over the year pre
ceding, and the total expenditures $506,
099.007. an increase of $35,731,034. Tho
surplus was J54,'2D7.667. as compared
with |91. 287,375 in 1902. In the receipts
there was an increase of more than $30,
000,000 from customs and a falling off
of over 1 11.000,000 from internal rev
enue, the latter being the result of legis
lation enacted with that object.
On the side of expenditures there was
an increase in every important account
except pensions and interest in which
there were slight savings. The expendl- 1
tures for the two military departments,
which together amounted to $191,227.
554, forming by far the heaviest outlay
for. any single purpose, were more than
$21,000,000 greater than the year before. :
The aggregate income, including, besides
the revenues, the receipts from bonds,
notes and coin certificates, was $1,211,
394,097, and the aggregate outgo $1,122.
647.665. - At the close of the year the
treasury held $893,063,869 of gold and
silver on deposit against outstanding
certificates and treasury notes, besides
the $150,000,000 in gold which forms the
reserve against United States notes.
Treasurer Roberts places the monetary
stock of the country on June 30, 1903.
including gold and silver. United States
notes, treasury notes and national bank
notes, but not certificates, at $2,683,149.
621. an increase of $124.S32,963 for the
year. The increase in gold was $60,137.
401. and in national banknotes $58,
99S.559.
Tho total estimated stock of gold was
$1,252,781,990. constituting nearly 47 per
cent of the whole. The gold m the treas
ury amounted to $631,420,789. after a
gain of $71,220,430 in twelve months.
During the year $126,715,723 in gold was
deposited at the mints and assay offices.
Of the receipts from customs at the port
of New York, constituting 67 per cent
Of the whole, 8 S per cent were in golJ.
The proportion of gold at other ports It
about 80 per cent. The Imports of k,t
were $44,082,092 and the exports $17,
090,595. The increase of the money i
circulation during the year was $121.
740,252. of which $59,776,462 was in go!
certificates and $54,520,193 in nation*
bank notes. The share of money foi
each person increased 89 cents and th<
proportion of gold to the whole rose t
42 per cent, the highest ratio ever re-'
corded.
There has been a continued increase
In the proportions of paper currency of
the denominations of $1© and under in
circulation, but the growth hardly keeps
pace with the demand. TTia supply can
be Increased if Congress will authorize
the issue of gold certificate- for $10 and
remove the restriction on the issue of $5
notes by national banks. To meet the
constant pressure requires strenuous eX
fort in the preparation of the currency
Issue. The national bank notes pre
sented for redemption during the year
amounted to $196,429,621. or 51 per cent
of the average outstanding. Of the $5
notes the redemptions were 55 per cent,
of the 10's 46 per cent, of the 20's 49
per cent, of the 50's 61 per cent and of
the 100's 73 per cent. These figures
show that the tens and twenties remain
in circulation longest.
*'itz, "ihe Duke began to read one of the
telegrams. Suddenly he became red, then
pale, and wiped his temples, moist with
sweat. Then, as If maddened, with an
rresiPtlble movement, he took the billiard
¦ue,' which he had put down, struck it on
»hc rim of the table, broke it across his
<nee and threw the bits into the fire. <
The persons present, it may be imagined,
were in a great state of mind. Suddenly
approaching me, his teeth set with anger,
be said: 'Do you know what I have Jur»
heard? Derby has Just bought 200.000
Suez shares from Ismail, while every pos
sible effort has been made to conceal from
j us not only the negotiations, but even
Ismail's Intention of selling them. It is an
infamy. It is England putting her hand
on the Isthmus of Suez, and my personal
failure has in no way retarded the act.
I ask you to say what you have Just seen.
I beg, even beg, you to say it, and to add
that Lord Derby will have to pay for
that." And he added, half talking to him
self,' Tes, I swear that he 6hairpay"for
-De Blowitz sacrificed a great newspaper
rtorjr to his patriotism and the indiscreet
Minister and when they met thanked
him for his discretion and kindness.
An Intensely dramatic story is told,
¦y.hich relates the circumstances' under
which Due de Cazes, Minster of Foreign
Affairs, heard that Lord Derby had
bought 200.000 shares of Suez stock, which
?ave England control of the canal. It
was in 1<>75 and De Blowitz writes that he
was at the house of the Minister watch
ing him play a game of billiards with a
adi-.
"Opening the packet." records De BIo-
4 ilut In 1¥"1 I acted in the name way. ' -At that
k»;tme Francs was in our hands. Paris was cou
l* <iif^cS. the Commune was brewing, everything:
.••'as disorganized; and If I had acted like Igna
i'Jeff I- should have demanded Plcaitfy and
¦Chair.papne. JCow, this never occurred to ery
one. anil vt»n I m urred to take Eelfort
iild Metr. I refused, sayinr: "No: Bel fort is In
ihe hands of the French; It must remain theirs.'
And even with regard to Metz, on seeing the
despair of poor M. Thiers, I hesitated. Cut,
a* you kn<jw. at the conclusion of a campa'gn
Nuch as that was one has to take Into conaiJer
ution the military element, and I was obliged
o listen to MOltke." who kept repeating to' me
tit every hour of the dav, 'Metz in our hands !
or. In the hands of the French meant a differ- i
ence of i0>,uO0 men. more cr less. In the army."
I could not ln-.pose upoj my country the tur
een -of putting 100.000 more men into Attive
*ervice at a given moment."
In treating of the evils of the French
-irtnecs in 1SS6 De Blowitz quotes an ex
pended statement made to the author at
rhe time by Count de Paris. De Blowitz
,-ieplored the action of the Government,
urging that exile placed the claimants to
the throne in the best position that they
. could wish— that cf being able to con
spire at their ease. • '
ENGLISH CONTROL OF SUEZ.
A • heretofore unpublished Interview
with Bismarck had in 1S7S is a valuable
contribution to the literature relating to
•.he Iron Chancellor. Bismarck had just
come from the negotiation of the treaty
of Berlin and had talked with surprising
frankness of the stupendous events of the
•ime and the men who helped to shape
them. Here is a portion of the statement
<f Bismarck: - -•-
The peace of Saa Eteffani was one oi tha
autt thouphtless actions or modern history.
iEnatiefl" made a. blunder which no true etates
t.iu.n ever would have committed. He took
i vervthing that he could e*t. When aa enemy
:s vanquished and one has one's foot on his
neck he can be tnade to ' give whatever one
wants, but one must thick of the consequence!
if the victory as well as the consequences of
cefeat. We should not l-e where we now are
if. m 1868. I had acted like Ignaticff. if I had
'. ktr. territory from Austria. At that time
•every one was against me. I had said when we
started: "If we should be victorious I shall not
annex any Austrian territory, for we must rot
remain enemies forever. In ten cr twelve
year*' time we must be able to come to an
undemanding with her." When we were vic
torious every one wanted me to take territory
:rcm her. I held roy own, though, and 6lnca
•.hen I have often had cause to congratulate
njyself that I dfd bo."
At these words I could not help looking tha
Prince In the face, and he at once read in my
»yes the question that was on my lips. fpr.
vlthout flinching, he said: "I know- what yuu
mean; you are thinking about the last ' war.
BISMARCK'S STATEMENT.
NEW YORK. Sept. SO.-Some unpub-
I -*hed history of value* and nmny inter
,.«ttafc sidelights upon modern history and
historic- fibres appear in the memoirs of
De ISlowrtz, journalist and diplomat. As
ccr-cspondrnt at Paris lor the London
Tini«« X>«? Blowitz fur many years -filled
a iM feiticn of unique importance. .Ife knew
thoroughly the statecraft, royalty V-nd no
biuty"** W* tlme ajld for over ' ort y:>' earB
folloi^d§tt» Tapidly-' changing center of
acU^feM'inilSrist in Europe,.
In Ijls "memoirs, which are to be pubr
li: :hed\to-morrow by Doubteday. >age &J
Co.. dV Blowitz makes an explanation of j
ihe failure' of fr^nce to go to "Egypt with ;
Engli^d that is particularly" interesting;
at this Time en-account of the situation ;
in Southeastern Europe. . He claims that
France <oi«3 not •participate in the events
Ot USX bocause 'Of. the; Quarrel between
Oarr.lx t:a and Do . Freyclnet H« speaks
with authority, for he was one" of the
iTH ,:;:i.tors who made the fruitless, effort
10 bring the two statesmen together be
:'. re they parted for all time. He avefa
:h.tii-De Freycinet was offered the War
vortfclio In the Gambetla Cabinet of 1SS1
and with that understanding agreed to
rnvcr. -ibe Ministry. Later. Ganjbetta in
stoiid -that De Freyeinet become Minister
<>f Ftorelga Affaire. The latter*, anxious
io retrieve the reputation lost in 1SS0, had
s<>t !iis heart upon the War Office and
would have no ojher. De Blowltz's story
pf the tirs't breach, the effort at compro
mise and the break and quarrel that kept
France out of Egypt is the. dramatic per
sonal story of a participant.
Austrians Are Not En
thusiastic Over the
Czar's Visit.
Expenditures for Pensions
and Interest Alone Are,
Decreasing.
Great French Journalist's
Story an Important Lit
erary Contribution. _
De Blowitz Throws Side
lights on Events of
His Time.
Net Revenues of Fiscal
Year Show Increase
of $38,988,439
Remains of Pretty Society Girl of San Jose, Who Wandered
Away FronvHer Home Wnile Temporarily Deranged and
Drowned Herself, Found Floating Off Sinta Cruz Beach
GIVE COOL
RECEPTION
TO NICHOLAS
iOOERN HISTORY
TOLD IN MEMOIRS
ROBERTS SUBMITS
TREASURY REPORT
MISS HERTHA PAGE'S BODY
IS RECOVERED FROM OCEAN
SIR MICHAEL HERBERT
DIES OF CONSUMPTION
British Embassador to the American Capital Passes Away
After a Long Illness in. Switzerland, Whiiher He Had
Gone for Relief From the Ravages of the Dread Malady
.THE SAN FB ANqiSGO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 1, 1903.
2TT^O TRUSTEES OF STATE
POLYTECHNIC SCHOOL AND
HEAD INSTRUCTOR.
STOCKTON, Sept. 30. — The Jury In the case
of Thomas D.* Gardenhire, charged with wrong,
ing Kstella Dewey, * a , twelve-year-old ; uirl, re
turned a verdict: of sruilty this morning. Sen
tanca will be ntmed next ilondav.
Sail for Honolulu With Oil Cargoes.
VENTURA, Sept. 30.— The steamer
Whittier, towing! the barken tine Fuller
ton and barge Santa Paula, sailed to-day
for Honolulu via San Francisco with 33,
000 barrels of Ventura County crude oil.
Plumbers' Strike Is Declared Off.
PORTLAND, Or., Sept. 30.— The plumb
ers' strike, which has been on here for
six weeks, was declared off to-day. The
men returned to work at the old wages,
$4 50 per day. They demanded $3 per day!
Railroad Officers Are Re-elected.
PORTLAND, Or., Sept. 30.— At the an
nual meeting of the board of directors of
the Oregon Railroad and Navigation Com
pany to-day . all of the officers were re
elected i
Fire at Agricultural Park.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 30.— A fire at Agricul
tural Park this afternoon destroyed a line
of sheds, 100 tons of hay and a hay pr»ss.
The hay was the property of the associa
tion* and the press was owned by a Mr.
Bradshaw. Loss about $3000, partly : In
sured.
Woman Swallows Carbolic Acid.
REDDING. Sept. 30.-Ro_e Carroll of
Keswlck, who carried three bullets as the
result of having been made a target for
the revolvers of enraged men on different
occasions, tried to end her life to-day at
Keswick by swallowing carbolic acid.
She is not expected to recover
REDDING, Sept. 30.— The first rain of
the season* was accompanied this evening
by thunder and lightning. The downpour,
which was heavy, was welcomed by all
except the prune growers in Southern
Shasta, who had i their crop out drying.
The prunes were taken* in, -but the drying
is thus delayed and expenses increased.
Heavy Fall of Bain in Shasta County.
Murderer of Policeman Dies.
SEATTLE, Sept. -30.— William Thomas,
the man shot and captured by the police
at the time of the killing of Policeman
Albert Schwan on the night of Septem
ber 13, died at the County Jail to-day.
Thomas was one of the gang encountered
by Schwan and 1 it was while the officer
was attempting to make an arrest that
he was shot. 357iiV«v' <
READING, Sept. 30.-Horse owners
have been puzzled at the cause of the
deaths of many horses at McCloud, a big
lumber camp near Sisson. They have
now reached the conclusion that the
great amount of dust on the roads lead
ing into the camp Is the cause. The ani
mals plodding through it, dragging heavy
loads, kick up great clouds of the dust
and it Is Inhaled by them, causing a dis
ease similar to quick consumption.
Dust Causes Death of Horses.
DANNEMORA. N. Y., Sept. 30.— Not
one sensational feature marks the prep
aration for the execution at noon to
morrow of the three Van Wormer broth
ers, condemned to die for the murder
of their uncle, P. A. Hallenbeck.
The three young men, fully aware that
no human power will now avail to save
them from their fate, await the end
with the calmness they have displayed
eve'r since they arrived at the prison.
Brothers Calmly Await Death.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 30.— It Is expect
ed that Rev. Frank de Witt Talmage, D.
D., son of T. de Witt Talmage, will be
called to the pastorate of the First Pres
byterian Church of this city to succeed
the Rev. Aquilla Webb, whose resignation
was recently accepted. Dr. Talmage i3
at present in Los Angeles. It Is said that
he has expressed a willingness to accept
the pastorate of the church.
May Receive Call to Pastorate.
The bill creating: the school was intro
duced into the Legislature by Hon. S. C.
Smith of Bakersfleld, then State Senator
from this Senatorial district during the
session of 1S01. Senator Smith waa ably
seconded in the Assembly by A»?emb'y
man Warren M. John of this county. Tne
bill passed both houses with hardly a dis
senting vote and was signed by GsYeruor
Gage. It carried with it an appropriation
of $30,000, available Januar; 1. 1902. The
Legislature of 1D03 appropriated $31,000 for
buildings arid $34,000 for the expense.* cf
the school for the succeeding two years.
The trustees of the school are S. C.
Smith, Bake rsf. eld. chairman; Warren M.
John. San Luis Obispo; E. J.\ Whrkson.
Berkeley; P. A. Hihrs. Santa Cruz; B, M.
Shackelford, Paso Roble*.
BIIX PASSES BOTH HOUSES.
following degrees, all from Cornell Uni
versity: 1306. bachelor of science. 1897.
master of science in agriculture; 1902, doc
tor of philosophy.
SALINAS. Sept. 30.— Officers this after
noon arrested two men at MonteVey on
suspicion of being the perpetrators of the
mall robbery at that place yesterday.
They expect to have the others In Jail be
fcre many hours. It Is stated that strong
incriminating evidence waa found upon
the persons of the suspects.
Suspected of Being Mall Bobbers.
BTRON. Xebr.. S*:>t. 30.— The Merchants*
and Farmers* .National Bank was rrbbed early
to-day. Th* eafe «a* blown open with r.itro
plyerin and about *2O"X> taken. The robbers
escaped.
CHICAGO, Sept. 30.— The packing
houses were the chief entertainers of
Chicago's Centennial visitors to-day, and
over 100,000 persons, most of them stran
gers in the city, visited the "yards" dur
ing the -day. In addition to the stock
yards show, a carnival of amateur swim
ming and rowing championship races at
the Lincoln Park lagoon was begun.
Owing to inclement weather the flrewcrks
display scheduled for to-night on the lake
front was postponed until Friday night.
Stock Yards on Exhibition.
SAN DIEGO, Sept. CO. 1 — The body of Mrs.
A. J. Morris, who has been missing since
Monday night, was found In the bay to
day near National City, where it had
drifted from the Santa Fe wharf, a dis
tance of three miles from wfcere she was
last seen. She had evidently carried her
oft repeated threat of suicide, while la
boring under temporary mental derange
ment, as there were no "visible evidences
of foul play.
Missing Woman Is Found Drowned.
SAN JOSE. Sept. 30.— Hiram Wilson, an
aged soldier, is dying at the Receiving
Hospital from a complication of diseases.
Up to a few days ago he was an Inmate
of the County Infirmary. Last Monday
afternoon he left the institution and the
next day the police founi him In a help
less and almost senseless condition from
exposure. Wilson is nearly 70 years of
age. He has a son living in Seattle. It is
believed the old man can live but a few
days.
Exposure to Cold May Kill Veteran.
John McCarthy was prominent in the
pol'tics of San Francisco for more than
twenty years, and for fifteen years was
among the .leading Democrats of the
State. He had b*en a member of the
Bute Central Committee for the last two
years. McCarthy was president of the
Manhattan Club In Ein Francisco and
was regarded as a great political organ
izer. In 1S9S he retired. Jrora active work
and removed to San Jose* where he had
since resided. He still retained an irter
est in the firm of McCarthy Bros, and
was the chief owner of the Hollister Wa
ter Works. He also owned much property
in Hollister, San Francisco and In this
city. A widow survives him. Police Com
missioner William McCarthy of this city
is a brother of the deceased. The funeral
services will be held to-morrow at 11 a.
m. from St. Joseph's Catholic Church in
this city, with interment at Santa Clara.
McCarthy was a native of County C c-f ,
Ireland, and was 50 years old. He ca~«» to
California from Ireland in. 1S68 with his
parentg and brothers. They settled In
San Fra.ncJ«co, and John McCarthy, with
his brothers. Edward and Thomas Mc-
Carthy, established large coffee and spice
mills at 113 Front street, and for years
the firm ha* been tK*e largest of its kind
in the State.
SAN JOSE°, Sept. 30.— John McCarthy, a
former prominent Democratic politician
and Spice manufacturer of San Francisco,
died at his home in this pity last evening
4fter a long illness. He had been 111
£i!*:e Christmas and a few weeks ago
pneumonia set " in, which caused his.
Ceath.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SAUSALITO, Sept. 20.— Because she ate
and slept In a stable, roamed about in
the woods at all hours of the day and
night and performed other eccentric acts,
Hattie Eaten, said to be the daughter of
a San Francisco business man, was tried
htfore Justice Pryor this afternoon on a
of vagrancy preferred by Joseph
Landgraff Sr.. a Mill Valley stable keep
er. Landgraff alleged that the girl ren
dered herself a nuisance about his place
and by her conduct made her presence
undesirable. He declared that she has
been sleeping in a stall in his stable, to
which place she brought her food.
The girl, who is pretty and well dressed,
told Judge Pryor that she was employed
at the stable by Joseph Landgraff Jr. to
keep books. Pryor subpenaed the young
roan to be present and produce the books,
but the boy failed to appear and the giri
was discharged. .':;
Special Dispatch to The Call,
STOCKTON, Sept. 30.— The wefldin^ of
Frar,k Lor. jr. a San Francisco sugar re
finer, and Miss Carra Cobb. only daugh
ter of Frank D. Cobb, a. wealthy Sivek
ton merchant, took place here to-day, at
noon at the residence of the bride's pa
rents. The wedding was a society event
ar.d was attpr.dcd by 150 Invited "guf-sts.
The couple left on a wedding tour 'this
afternoon and will reside in San Fran
cisco.
Marriage of a Stockton Belle.
Former Democratic Poli
tician Passes Away
at San Jose.
Eccentric Young Miss
Arrested on Charge
of Vagrancy.
DEATH SUMMONS
JOHN M'CARTHY
MIES A STABLE
HER HOME PLACE
I wis'' we couM require from every fresh
man a Sunday-school diploma that would cer
tify that he knew by heart the ten com
mandments, the sermon on the mount, a church
catechism of some kind, a score of the Scrip
ture realms and best classic hymns.' This
university will join cny association of uni
versities and colleees that will demand this
as nn entrance requirement. So much as tn
us lies we will make the collece n place for
preserving and strengthening reverence for
things divine.
NEW YORK, Sept. 30.— Chancellor Mc-
Cracken of the New York University de
plored the lack of. church training shown
by the average student Inr his annual ad
dress to the student body to-day. He said:
University Favors a New En
• trance Requirement.
Chancellor McCracken of New York
DEPLORES THE LACK
OF CHURCH TRAINING
SAN JOSE. Sept. 30.— The construction
of the San Jose-Los Gatos Interurban
Electric Railway Is being rushed In the
city. Ties and rails are now laid from
the city limits up San Carlos street to
Market and along that street to San Fer
nando. The road will be entirely com
pleted to the depot in another week. The
road is built from San Jose to Saratoga
and the work of erecting the branch to
Los Gatos is nearly completed. There
are about 300 feet yet to be built at tEe
narrow gauge crossing near thla city.
Wires are being strung along the line and
the power-house near Saratoga is neariny
completion. The cars are expected here
about the middle of October, and It la
said the road will be in operation by No
vember L
Work on Inter-Urban Railway.
SAN DIEGO, Sept. SO.— The case of U.
S. Grant Jr. against Frank Quereau for
possession of the Horton House, of which
the plaintiff is -the owner and the defend
ant the tenant, was decided to-day by
Judge Torrance in favor of the latter,
who, under the ¦ decision, is entitled to
hold possession until November 1. The
court held that the acceptance of rent
after the first of last March by Grant's
agent was equivalent to a renewal of the
lease for another year.
It is also held that he verbal agreement
set up in the complaint that the lease was
to be from month to month had not been
proved. Grant leased the house to G. W.
Robinson, formerly of the Hotll Coronado,
and desired to give him possession.
Court Decides That Lessee of Horton
House Is Still Entitled 'to
Possession.
TJ. S. GRANT LOSES SUIT
AGAINST FRANK QUEREAU
BELOVED INSTRUCTOR WHO DIED IN THE YOSEMITE VALLEY
AND VIEWS OF BUILDING ERECTED TO HIS MEMORY BY THE
SIERRA CLUB OF SAN FRANCISCO.
The course of study will include all in
dustrial trades requiring manual skill,
such as carpentry and cabinet work, brick
and masonry v.-ork, forge work and gen
eral blacksmith! ng. Higher mechanics, en
gineering, architecture and other trades
will be added as soon as possible. In the
academic studies special stress will be
placed upon chemistry, physics, botany,
entomology, physiology, zoology and phy
sical geography. Agriculture, both In
classroom and field demonstration, will
receive a large degree of attention; the
study of soils, culture of fruits, vines and
field crops and animal and dairy studies
will be treated exhaustively. It - is pro
posed to establish a dairy school and give
practical instruction In dairy work.
The school is situated upon a tract of
2S0 acres adjoining this 'city on the north,
and as the tract consists of a number of
different soils it is admirably adapted for
Us purpose. Two buildings are now
erected and others are to follow as soon
as they are needed.
The head of the California State Poly
technic School is Dr. Leroy Anderson, a
specialist in agriculture and an educator
of high and broad aims. He is a native
of Magee. Seneca County, N. Y. He was
raised on a farm, on which he passed
most of his life until he entered Cornell
University, from* which he graduated
with the degree of bachelor of science. In
J8D6-97 he was fellow In agriculture, in
1S37-1C00 he was assistant in drJry hus
bandry at Cornell. In 1900-1902 Dr. Ander
son was instructor in animal and : datry
industry In the University of California
and also received the appointment of as
sistant professor. In 1S02 he was selected
as the director of the California State
Polytechnic School. He" has received the
SCHOOL IS WELL SITUATED.
opening and dedication of the
school will not occur until a later date.
A postponement has been occasioned by
the incomplete condition of thef buildings.
The school will open under most aus
picious circumstances and the prospects
for a large attendance are ve.ry satisfac
tory, for, aside from the number of pupils
that have sfgnifled their intention of at
tending, inquiries are constantly being
received from others. Nearly all of the
pupils that have been registered are from
out of this city and will live at the dormi
tory during their school life.
The California State Polytechnic School
is a free institution, supported by the
State, and Is designed to draw students
from all over the coast— being the only
school of its character west of the Rocky
Mountains and one of the few of its kind
In the United States. It occupies a place
by its self In the California school sys
tem and proposes to furnish to both sexes
mental and manual training in the arts
and sciences and was designed solely for
those who Immediately expect to take up
the battle of life as soon as their school
days are over. The branches to which
particular attention will be given are agri
culture, mechanics, engineering, business
methods, domestic economy and such
other studies as will fit the student for
the non-professional occupations. The
course of study appeals more particularly
to young pecple who reside in rural com
munities. Nothing will be neglected
which will develop and broaden the mind
and mate the eye and hand more skillful.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Sept. 30.— The
fl»t exercises of the California
State Polytechnic School will be
conducted to-morrow. The formal
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Lieutenant General Young, chief of
staff; Paymaster General Harris, Briga
dier General Humphreys and Colonel El
liott, all in full uniform, called on the
President to pay their respects.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 30.— Among the
callers on the President to-day was James
R. Garfleld, acting Secretary of the De
partment of Commerce and Labor, who
presented Henry F. Green, the recently
appointed Civil Service Commissioner.
Secretary Armstrong of the
Treasury Department had a chat with the
President concerning business and politi
cal conditions in the West, through which
section he has just made an extended
trip. He told the President that the won
derful prosperity of the country never
was better exemplified than it is Just now
by the business conditions which prevail
,'n practically every State.
Armstrong Declares That Business
Conditions Show the Country's
Wonderful Prosperity.
ASSISTANT SECRETARY
TALKS WITH PRESIDENT
Passenger Agent Plllsbury of the Santa
Fe has Just left here after looking over
the ground ar.<J completing arrangements
for winter travel. The Santa Fe will re
tain about twenty employes in the valley
throughout the winter to conduct the
hotel and run the EV'.g-hs. It ts proposed
to take parties in two or three times a
week. The railroad officials believe the
experiment will result in a considerable
travel, and should it prov«» a success the
Yosemite will be open every winter here
after.
During the coming winter tourists will
be given the first opportunity to enter the
snowbound valley. Up to the present time
there have been no means of transportion
In winter owing to the difficulties of the
trip, but the railroads have tx?en consid
ering the problem and It has been decided
to make the trial this vear.
reflects great credit upon John
White, Its designer, and Charles Alsup,
Its builder. The memorial building Is of
solid granite and is built under the walls
cf Glacier Point, which Professor Le
Conte loved so well. Directly over the
Gothic roof of the building rises the gla
cier-polished slab of Glacier Point for 2200
feet. In front are North Dome and the
Royal Arches, to the right Is Sierra Point,
while from the ¦west side Yosemite Falls
can be distinctly seen. The building is
divided Into three parts, the main room
measuring 2S by 3S feet and the office and
store rooms S> by 10 feet each. Above the
main room a Gothic roof rises to a height
of thirty-five feet, giving the place a light
and airy effect. Inside is a large reading
table, comfortable wall scats and a large
bookcase, in which are to be kept books
and papers pertaining to travel and re
search and maps and papers furnished
by the Sierra Club. The entrance is
through a heavy Dutch door on the nortlf
ern exposure of the building, while at the
other eide is a mammoth fireplace walled
in with solid granite.
The building Is located near the site
where Professor Le Conte met his death
two years ago.
YOSEMITE VALLEY, Sept. 20.—
The tribute of the Sierra Club of
San Francisco to the memory of
the late Professor Joseph Le Conte
Special Disratch to The Call.
It Is charged in the bill filed to-day that
15 per cent of the company's gross re
ceipts, which was to have been applied
annually to a sinking fund, has not been
used for the purpose and the foreclosure
of the property is desired for the reasons
set forth.
LOS ANGELES; Sept. 20.— Application
for a receiver was made to-day before
Judge Olln Wellborn for the Fresno "Wa
ter Company, and as a result T. E. New
lin, vice president of the American Na
tional Bank, Is in charge of the property.
The litigation Is stated by attorneys for
the several Interests Involved to be In th*
nature of a friendly proceeding. The
company is said to be sound financial;*;
but In order to untie certain legal knots
the, bonds outstanding will be retired and
new securities will be floated in their
stead.
In the bill that has been filed the Illi
nois Trust and Savings Bank of Chicago
is plaintiff and alleges that on April 1.
1890. a trust was made, by the terms of
which the Fresno corporation was per
mitted to issue bonds in the sum of J3O>,.
000, bearing Interest at 6 per cent, pay
able seml-annually, April and October 1
of each year. The company's entire plan;
was given as security in the obligation.
Only $350,000 of bonds found their way
into the hands of purchasers, who ar*
scattered throughout the United States and
England. Of the securities sent into tfca
market $15,000 worth have been redeemed
and canceled. There is outstanding
bonds in the amount of $310,000. on which
interest is due and unpaid, in the sum
of nearly $30,000 for eighteen months. Th»
semi-annual payment at 6 per cent, from
April 1. 1302. is $3300.
At midnight last night a mob attempted
to lynch Allen. A rope was secured and
the mob marched to the City Jail and de
manded the prisoner from Guard Sawyer
and Deputy Sheriff Baker. Dr. Mott beg
ged the crowd to preserve order and let
the law take its course. The determined
stand of the officers prevented the mob
from breaking j in the jail door. Santa
Paula citizens were highly Inflamed over
Allen's allege/!, crimes.
The mob was not dispersed until 4
o'clock this morning. Sheriff McMartin
was summoned to the scene this morning.
Allen is 60 years old and married.
Allen owns about twenty dwelling
houses in Santa' Paula. He built
the Free Methodist Church at that place.
It is alleged there^are other charges to
be filed against Allen. All of his alleged
victims live in the neighborhood of the
church, where if Is reported the crimes
were committed. • •
VENTURA, Sept. 30.— A. F. Allen, a
wealthy Free Methodist minister of Santa
Paula, is. in the County Jail at Ventura
under $15,000 bonds, charged by Mrs. Lar
sen with assault. It is alleged that Allen
attacked Drusilla Larsen, aged 11 years.
His preliminary examination has been set
for Saturday.
Allen was arrested late last night on a
warrant charging attempted assault on
May Richardson, aged 9 years. Mrs.
Richardson, the child's mother, swore to
the complaint. Upon Allen's arraignment
this afternoon Judge Tutus dismissed the
charge, but held Allen on the Larsen war
rant.
Court Places Receiver
in Charge of the
Property.
Prisoner, Is Accused of
Committing. Serious
Crimes.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 30.— J. D. Chandler, a
solicitor for the Metropolitan Life In
surance Company of New York; was
charged with forgery in Justice Benson's
court this afternoon. The complainant is
J. W. Reilly, district manager of j the
company. Chandler was employed to so
licit insurance in the town of Holllster.
He was given a form of forty-eight year
endowment policy to get subscribers,
but this long period made the task a hard
one. In order to do a good business
Chandler, it is claimed, told the citizens
he would make .the endowment twenty
years. Under this' pretense -he insured a
number of persons. After making out a
policy he would send It to the company
made out on the original forty-eight year
blank. When the policy would be return
ed Chandler, it is claimed, would scratch
out the words forty-eight and make the
policy read for a twenty-year endowment.
He is charged with forging the policies
and increasing his commission. A war
rant for the arrest of Chandler has been
given to Sheriff Landlord.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MOB SEEKS LIFE
OF A MINISTER
FRESNO WATER
COMPANY IS SUED
Solicitor for an Eastern
Company Accused
of Forgery.
INSURANCE MAN
MAY GO TO JAIL
An inquest was held over the body and
it was found that Dunlap had been dead
for several days. The murderer had ample
time to make grood his escape. The offi
cers are making a diligent search, but
without avail. Dunlap's cabin stood near
.the main ioad to the Granite Hill mines
and was much frequented by miners go
inar to and from these diggings. Dunlap
was a veteran of the Civil War. He had
no relatives in the West.
O .i..H"I-r-I"I"I"M- M"I"M' I"M"M"M ¦!¦ •
GRANTS PASS, Or.. Sept. 30.— The body
of "William Dunlap, an aged miner, was
found yesterday -near his cabin on the
mountain forests of Louse Creek. Dun
lap had a bullet hole in his side and an
investigation proved that he had been
murdered. His cabin had been looted and
the contents strewn about in confusion,
as if the murderer, after committing the
crime, had made a hurried search for
coin and valuables.
Dunlap had lived alone on Louse Creek
for many years, mining a rich placer
claim. He was eccentric and miser-like
In his habits, and this led many to be
lieve that he had a fortune buried in or
near his cabin. It was to find this se
creted money that the murder was com
mitted.
William Dunlap Meets Death
in the Mountain Forests
of Louse Creek.
Slayer Searches Cabin
of Victim for Gold and
Valuables.
MINER IS KILLED
FOR HIS MONEY
First Exercises of the New^ducational Institution in San Luis Obispo
County Will Be Conducted To-Day, but the Formal Dedica
tion and Opening Will Not Take Place Until a Later Date
STATE POLYTECHNIC SCHOOL DRAWS
STUDENTS FROM ALL OVER COAST
GLACIER POINT RISES GUARD-LIKE
OVER LE CONTE MEMORIAL BUILDING
Costly Tribute Erected by the Sierra Club of San Francisco to the
Beloved Educator Will Prove of Much Interest'to the Hundreds
of Tourists Who Will Visit the Yosemite During the Winter
THE SAN FBAIs CISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER I, 1903.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Only those who use it
know the luxury of it.
Pears' is the purest and
best toilet soap in all the
world.
Established over too Tears.
Cheap? Schilling's Best arc
rorth *double,if risk and trouble
- count. The extracts and spice i
are r.orth from two lo thirty -
fold.HARKISBURG, Pa., Sept. 30.— Dr. Wilson
Stroup. aged 54. who was. to have b«« n ar _
ralffned In court this , afternoon on a serious
charge.' committed suicide this morning- by
shooting.
The only considerable fields of* an
thracite coal aside from - that of Penn
sylvania are those of China, which,
however, are vast in comparison ¦ with
Pennsylvania's. ;
PALO ALTO, Sept. 30.— Mrs. Charles W.
Decker, wife of Dr. C. W. Decker, a prom
inent dentist of San Francisco, died at the
Decker residence on "Waverly street this
morning of heart trouble. The death came
after but a few days' illneps, although
the deceased has been a sufferer from
heart trouble for: several years.,: The de-
Death, of Mrs. Charles W. Decker.
BALTIMORE. Sept. 30.— Archbishop
Kain of St. Louis continues in a critical
condition. The attending physicians still
express the opinion that the prelate's
recovery is extremely doubtful.
Archbishop Kain Very Low.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 30.— The Swedish
ship Marie, anchored off Port Los An
geles, Is tied up by a suit by J. C. Moore
& Co., San Francisco, libeling the vessel
for $1243 for alleged violation of, contract.
Papers were* served on the captain to-day
and a deputy placed In charge of the ves
sel. The Marie had cleared for a port in
Peru. \
Swedish Ship Marie Is "Tied Up.
FRESNO. Sept. 30.— The Imperial poten
tate of the Mystic Shrlners has ordered
that a pilgrimage be made to the oasis of
Fresno on Saturday, October 3, 1903, and
that the caravan' be formed at Point
Richmond at 9 o'clock on the morning of
that day and leave by special train over
the Santa Fe. There will be 250 nobles in
the 'caravan. A special committee from
this "city will meet the train at Merced
and arrange for the hotel.
Will Make Pilgrimage to Fresno.
SAN DIEG(V Sept. 30.— Dr. Albert F.
Sawyer, who died in this city last even
ing, was a forty-niner and figured, In the
pioneer history of the State. He was one
of the. surgeons who attended President
Garfield when he was shot. Years ago
Dr. Sawyer was one of the most noted
physician's In the country. He had been
an invalid for a long time prior to his
death. He was^a native of Medford,
Mass. • ' ' * ¦¦*
Death pf a Noted Physician.
SEATTLE, Wash., Sept. 30.— "W. S.
Thomas, alias Smith, the accused mur
derer of Patrolman Schaneman,* died at
the Providence Hospital this morning as
the result of an operation performed yes
terday. An autopsy made on the body
by Dr. Arthur C. Crookall to-night re
vealed that death was caused by an ope
ration which, in the opinion of the physi
cians present, 'with the exception of Dr.
Cummlngs, was not necessary.
In this operation, which was performed
at the Providence Hospital yesterday aft
ernoon by Dr., Cummings, the autopsy
revealed that no attempt was made to
interfere with or ' extract the bullet In
.Thomas' • back which - he • received from
the,. revolver of ' Patrolman ¦; Phllbrlck ;at
the time he attempted to escape from the
scene of the Schaneman murder on the
night of September 13. The bullet was
found at the autopsy just where It was
located after the shooting, imbedded In
the muscles of the back. It was encysted
and the wound was healing. Every organ
was in normal condition. . : ¦ ;
""There was absolutely no excuse for the
operation which caused the death of
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Coroner Decides to Make
Investigation Into
the Matter.
PRISONER DIES
FROM OPERATION
WASHINGTON, Sept. 30.— A preliminary
statement showing the 'coal production of
the United States, prepared by Edward
"W. Parker] statistician, has just been
issued by the United States Geological
Survey. It shows that for the first time
in the history of the United States the
production of coal has reached a total
over 300,000,000 short tons, the actual
showing being 300,930,659 tons, valued at
$373,133,843.
Highest Mark of Coal Production.
Storm of Rain .Visits Arizona.
.KINGMAN, Ariz., Sept. 30.— One of the
greatest rainstorms In years fell over this
part of Arizona to-day. At the Cold Road
mlnins camp the storm Was In the nature
of a cloudbufst and filled the canyons
with a flood of water which carried away
everything in its way. « To *the east of
Kingmanthe storm fell on the mountains
and a vast body of water 'rushed down
against the tracks of the Santa Fe ten
miles east, washing out five nilles of track
and carrying out two bridges. All trains
are held at-Klngman atad Seligman. while
hundreds of men are repairing the break.
CV ''-: -7''- -¦:¦:¦ ¦ • -
lion-of the skull caps worn by the '05 men
lak« year and their .action in regard to
the "Plug Ugly" this year. .
Thomas,", said Coroner Hoye- after the
autopsy." "Had -t he. operation" not been
performed j Thomas would" undoubtedly
have b.een alive tbrday. He' died from the
shock. We have made a -careful exami
nation of the intestines and they are all
in a normal condition. Tho operation was,
performed on the -abdomen, but for what
purpose is not known to any of the medi
cal men present. • • • •
"I will hold as Inquest Friday 'and
should- the verdict place the responsibility
I will .turn ihe wKole matter over to the
Prpsecuting - Attorney. It is my opinion 1
that Thomas was killed in the operation."
Thd. other physiolans attending tfie au
tepSy beside Dr. Crookall, who did the;
work, were Dr. Gibson, Dr. Carroll, Dr.
Buckley, -Dr. "Wiltsie, Dr. Hoye and Dr.
.Cummlngs. . All except Dr. Cummlngs
were of the opinion that Thomas' died
from the operation.
By what authority Thomas was removed
from the County Jail to the Providence
Hospital is to he investigated. Judge
Bell when consulted by the Jailer Monday
afternoon stated that if at any time the
attending physicians should appear before
him and make a showing* that it was
necessary that an operation be performed
ho would grant an order for the removal
of the prisoner. No such appearance was
made, according to a statement- last night
by 'Dr. Cummlngs. . Some time before 11
o'clock Monday night, without any order
of court or other authority, Thomas was
taken fromVhis cot in the Jail and driven
to the 'hospital, and the nex^ morning the
operation was performed.
Electors who registered since- Jan
uary 1, 190C. and have slnca their
registration changed their residence,
have until Thursday, October 8, to have
their names transferred on the register.
The Registrar's office will remain open
from 8;20 a. m. to 5 p. m. and 7:20 to
9:30 p. m. This is the last opportunity
for those who have moved and desire to
vote at the municipal election. November
3. The Registrar of Voters makes a spe
cial request to those who desire to make
a transfer to do so on or before October
7, as the 8th is the day upon which the
polls will be open in the matter of the
acquisition of the Geary-street railroad,
and they therefore prevent much confu
sion by coming before that day.
Registrar's Special JUeqtiest.
."OoB"t y<ja think that" I come into this, cam
paign- wltfi my .eyes closed.- Don't you think
thftt I am. a mere novice In politics and that
I am. carried away by an Illusion. ." L" know
What this tight- mi'iinn: 1 know "that there is
not-a'man whouhas-a vote tha,t. can te" bought
in San Francisco tor a glass of beer or a $5
piece" that, we -will gret. (Applause.) "I know
more. I know that there la -not a crooked and
corrUBt-_c'or:>oration .that buys Supervisors or
.drives a .JurV that will not be against us,.
(Applause.}- I. know -that there is riot a news
paper column . fhat " la for sale that will be
ours. '¦ I 'knew, that you can get' out and dls
tri.l>uU the" offl.ces" of this -city" In advance,
give promises to this man and to that man.
a,nd I 'know that those votes will be against
ub. • Rut -we have met all of that before, my
friends. We . .came o'.it victorious -"then and
we' will .win now". (Great cheering and. ap-
CLEAN POLICY' IS CLAIMED.
a- comniittco cf seven was sent to wale upon
llr. lii.ne'and' ask him In the name of .United o
D?mocracy and In..the name' of the" people of.
Han Francisco who stand for decent govern
ment, \to lead their force*. Mr. Lane is here
.In response *to this request and will now ad
dress thia convention.- (Great cfieerlng.)" . ;
• .:,';' lane Responds.' "•
Mr. Lane °sudke at length *on" unity.* He
•said:'.* .•'„'"* "¦ o -*V -
Gentlenvn this' convention: I haven't had
the."'* pleasure, before of attending one »f your
sessions flauahter}. . but I Tarn in
'/ormed by the always truthful and correct
press that you have b"?en aornewhat noisy.
(Renewed laughter. ) 'After what I have Just
seen. and heard 1 Believe that that is true.
(Laiushttr "and applause.). .; . .» •
.'¦The kind d noise that, you now make* is a
u noiKo tiiat means union (applause and cheers),
oand, p'entlemen. " it .13 , the kind of nols* that
;rrreans victory-. (Great, applause.) (Scuffling in
;-t.he rear- of the hall and cries of 'Throw him
out:") ' No, tfon t tfirow any mm out;, we need
the'm.al.lhere, and foe the next 0 month. .(Great
«pplaufeie.) '• *• " •" ".- " •
I wrotf?. -'a 'letter ;to this convention which
perhaps some- tff you have heard of. I have
'hearjl that letter criticized on the ground that
°lt was not the work of a shrewd politician.
Ami .that ."is f>rohably so. But I have yet to
h«ar of the man who. said that it was riot for
th.e ritfi)t. ~*an/l that I-dld not mean every word
thiJt va3 in it. (-Applause.) In that letter I
• mid trfi ycu, my friends, and I- certainly may
sincerely include you all— tn .that letten'I said
that t*nere- were certain conditions upon 'which
I could be asked to take the leadership in ttiij
camt>aign. and onfe' of tnoso conditions was*
.that'1-wa.s to make.no pledges 6f patronage
durinar this' campaign andj wont. (AppJause.)
I.h:i.v<i no ambltrion to .become -or to "be a po
litical" boss. I know "that the- furse that
touches a .MayiTr's chair is in any effort to be
a poUtical-bosfs, an"d "I shall not be that. (An
plguse:)
I "you. to understand, my frier.ds, that
in this campaign we arp to be united. We
are tp.be "united for principle, for* something
that- rjses hjgh and means more than the
success* of any man "or of any ticket merely
or tht; .success of .any group of" men. It Is a
fiEh^, and n. fight," as. your chairman has said
for tbe city; a Sght fpr gix>d government.
And when I sa-y ¦ "jgood government" f know
what that, meahs and you Know what that
means. \< means- good men In olflce, good
methods* -*and---a --square deal to
(Great cheering and aDplaUse.)
Mr-.'CHalfnian a-nd "Ofntlecnen-of the 'Con-.
Vent-Jon: ". On 'behalf. ..I Ijrfpf, trf> the.* united
paft-y a'nd Dem»c£a'yr and .-not. on behalf, of
any "district.. although •the* -genileman. whom
°t am abo;:t to pla»e Iti. nomination come.s from
the district .whloJi .1 rejireSent .in this conven
•¦t!on, I wish., to place lfefore this convention as
the nom-Inee' forH-VjurUy 0 Clerk a young man
about 33 years of age, wbt> has lived- here Jn
¦£an Fra c ntisco since he was about 12. years of
¦age He'Vaj! born In Sierra County, comes
frtrtn -a largo. fanjiVy -of .b<p« whlch o have been,
°a success thrcuKhout : this State* In different
narts who have'beon kmtfwn among ..the Na
tive Sons'p' the Golden 'West.o and the- man.
whom I am about tq-narhe was at one time
"the" manR^e^ of the 'American District Tele
graph Company. When tke strike, of .'01 came
on 1 he went out with the He be
longed to rt>es local unlwi: he stood for the
strike and allowe-a o th> men to 8fo back, al
thnuKh it was made a" comditlon that he couia
not go back, t>ut he stood, by his" men, though
ke lo«t. hjs position and.. agreed .to May out.-
Since that time he ha* .been in mercantile pur
suits, and t *ecl confident in asklns the sufT
rage.of this convention on his behalf. I am
sure li -he i» nominated, here it will fldt be
necessary for. the Presidtag -Judge of the Su
perior Court every time he calls a Drang-Jury
To me<*t to ask an investigation of the County
Clerk's office. (Applause,.) I place in nom
ination Alfred W/ Wehe.- • i
c°°S0UND§ HINTON'S PRAISES.-
Sidney Van Wyck named the Demo-,
cjatic nominee for Tredsurer as follows:.
Itr. Chairman and QenUemen of the Conven
tion- For the place of Treasurer at the city
and"' county of San Francisco, we want a man
who stands for honesty.anfl capacity. I nro D o«e
to name a man" who has been before *he-peu-.
pje whom the people know .and trust, who
proved himself faithful to them- In the office
ef Railroad Commissioner, where he; served
•with Commissioner Larue .and .Tnade a- .record
of which any. man mi^ht well, be nroudL ; He-i*
well known to- all Xhe people of San Francisco •
as Ke K istrar of this city, has made Innumera
ble friends, •friends because they found him
trustworthy. 'For the position of Treasurer of
this city and .county. I name William JA. Illn-
At this pdint Mr." l^ane entered the hall
and° was escorted to the platform. by. _the
committee of seven amid great cheers and
applause.. '• . . -.'
Chairman Hickey spoke aa -follows at_
• For the position c\f .Gpuoty Clerk Wil
lJiuii°H. .Cbok praeecj tl\e naitJ* of Alfred
Wehe..in.' nomination, .speakfiig as fpl- ;
lows:" .'.-.• . ' •• o ' -¦ - ° '* "
NOMINfATES 'ALFRED" WEHE.
1- m ..^ -;-..'.,•¦
found true, where, he i? a yoooX consistent*
BemocTa't, wliere his whol* pul*ic regord has
heea untvesmifched an3 untainted, then I don't
belifcve any. extended remarHs are at all neces
kpj-S- ' 1 will simply Fay this: It named by°
you gentleman and eff cted by th^ voters next
November th9 person .whose name I will in a
eecond state will "make the beat* Sheriff this
city 'and -county -has ever 'had. In the past, o
¦gentlemen, in selecting your names, you have
chosen", as a "standard a popd . record • and a
Kood name." In choosing; the na<ne for Sherin
J want you to stand .by the'-atari'dard, and° It
isi now with, more thiwi fjrdlnarx .pleasure that
f nubmit to you a narae. entwined V IWl l "•'ictory-,
tht« name of I|on'. I'fiier. J. purtls. (Cheara
and" applause.-) " '•' :*. ,-'.- '•
THE NOMINEES.
For Mayor, » # ' °" •
• FRANKLIN .K. LANE. * •
° ° For A'ssessor,
• DR. 'vv'ASmN.GTON DODGE; -
For District Attorney,
' LEWIS F. BYJNGTONt
'.-."For Coroner, ? . '•.
: DR: ' T.'.B.. w.; LELAND.
; . j For Recorder," »
, •"E.DMTJND G0DCHAUX. v . .
;. For.? ublic '.'Administrator, •.
" ," ,'M.J.' HYNES.
; • •;•• ?For City Attorney,- • • 4
•" • CRITTENDEN THORNTON. \
°'-. . For County Clerk, * ;
• ' ' ALFRED. V. WEHE.. " *
• • "••. • For ' Treasurer, . • " °.
'¦' WILLIAM^ M. 'HINTON.J
"• •¦.'. : For Sheriff, *". * * *'
;.' .PETER J. CURTIS. . .
.^ ' • For : Auditor, ".• <
. '. WILLIAM BRODERICK:' ••
:. Far Tax Collector, - •
'• EDWARD- J, FORREST. .
For. Police Judges," "•
" ."• GEORGE /CABANISS,:'. \
'• ° E. P; M0GAN. •" .'•
°". ¦ •' For Supervisors, ' , * *.
• . JAMES' P. BOOTH; „ .'
. SAMUEL BRAUNHART, .
' H. V. BRANDENSTEIN,
.- • J. A. ' C0MPTE JR.,
• " ¦' JOHN" CONNOR,
-* A. A. D'ANCONA,- ? .
HENRY PAYOT, '
V ROBERT J. LOUGHERY,
'•-"-¦ JOHN A. LYNCH,'
GEORGE B: McCLELLAN, . .
FRANK J. GRACE, . '
T.. CARY FRIEDEANDER, f
DR. FRZD A. GRAZER,
OSCAB, HOCKS," . .-
JOHN BARNETT, ..
EDWARD R. ROCK;
CARL .WESTERFELD,-
EDWARD H. GLEASON. .
: "^ ~ . ¦ % ¦ c* • ... .: .¦¦• o . .... . _~
SPELLBINDERS OP TrfE DEMOCRATIC PARTY TELL°THE DELEGATES THAT • T-HE "HATCHET HAS BEEN
-.«BURIED BY- Tr|E WARRING FACTIONS.' °THAT VICTORY IS CERTAIN AT* THE NOVEMBER "ELECTION.
" . AND THE CONVENTION, REJOICES THAT THE WORLD IS AGA;INoF=ULl/OF SUNSHINE.. ;
The- committee on order of business then
made its report. Upon the project of hav
ing a "governing body of the league con
sist of nine executive committeemen and
an appointee from each district in the
city, a split occurred. An amendment by
yruman, providing for two men from each,
district, to be appointed by the chairman,
to act in co-operation with the nine mem
bers of the executive committee was car
ried. The report as amended was ac
cepted.
At the next meeting 1 the committees on
platform* and credentials will make their
rtports and nominations for the ticket
will be made.
On " credentials— Alex Truman, chair
man:- J. P.. McMurray, M. A. Good
enough. James A. Stidger. Sam Gamble.
On order of business— J. M. Sparrow,
chairman: Major R. E. Whltefleld. E. M.
Galvin, Charles Alper3. Ed Hubacek.
To fill the office of permanent chairman
of the organization Joseph Sparrow was
nominated by Truman and elected by ac
clamation. The offices of vice president
and assistant secretaries will be filled at
the next meeting. Lorenzo resumed his
position of secretary after resigning the
chair to Sparrow.
B. A.- Lorenzo, acting chairman, called
the convention" to order and made the fol
lowing announcement of committees:
On platform and resolutions— Colonel T*
B. Eddy, chairman: Professor J. II. Al
fonso, N. C. Coghlan. J. P. McCarthy, C.
A. Parlin. Dr. P. H. d© Brunne, C. R.
Tidball, Dr. Franklin Ford, Francis L.
Cook.
There assembled at Pioneer Hall last
night the delegates to the convention of
the Citizens' Non-Partisan League for the
purpose of organizing and putting a ticket
In the field at the coming municipal elec
tion. With, the appointment of commit
tees on order of business, credentials and
platform and the election of a permanent
chairman the convention adjourned until
Friday evening, when nominations are to
be made. '";:¦-."
NOBT-PABTISAN LEAGUE
EFFECTS ORGANIZATION
Necessary Committees Are Appointed
and a Permanent Chairman
Chosen.
the entrance of Lane:
Gentlemen: By a recent vote of this coi
ventlon, "a flnanimous vote of this conventloi
fI*ANE APPEARS. •
Sidney Van Wyck had just nominated
W. M. Ilinton for the Treasurership, wherf
Franklin K. Lane was cseo-ted djwn tXe
center aisle by the faithful seven, who"
routed him out. For five minutes the del
egates were on their feet cheering like
mad, and cries of "Lane, Lane#" were
ringing tout from every section, of «^tke
house. He bowed his acknowledgments
and then commenced speaking, ,'riis
every other word was wildly cheered. ( "He
spoke feelingly of the honor 'conferred
upon him and the prospective battle*" at
the polls. ¦ ' ; '• .\ ••%.';<¦-"
At the conclusion of Lane's address Him
I ne committee on business presented a
resolution apportioning the 117 members
• f the County Committee. There is to be
¦ ne cemmitteeman for every 390 votes cast
rr Lane for Governor and one for a frar
•¦ Jon over l<y>. The committeemen were
'¦lected by the delegates of their respectr'
:ve districts. The business committee con
sisted of E. F. Fay, chairman: Daniel
Y. G. Drury, T. J. Kennedy, J. J..
Dolan and Sidney Van Wyck. :*' t ?
W. H. Cook of the Thirty-ninth and a
eaderp of the "Horees and Carts" placed
A. W. Wehe in nomination for the County
'.'lerkship and the choice was immediately
made unanimous without protest. "Th'is
was the sop thrown to the rebels to bring.
them back into the camp. '. ' • •
¦ • • •
Lane to ths theater. '
Then commenced the work of making
nominations. Sidney M. Van Wyck Jr.
extolled the virtue? of Crittenden Thorny
tea and placed him in nomination for the
oJTJce of City Attorney. There were two
'i""»thr?« necondings and the choice was
¦rude unanimous. Frank Drury nominated
Piter J. Curtis for the office of Sheriff
aid a representative of every delegation
t^conded. The candidate was cheered to.
"IP echo from floor and gallery- c
After the formal choice had been made
When Chairman Thomas Hickey called
the convention to order at 9:20 o'clock it
was at once evident that the whole work
of the assembled delegates was a cut and
dried affair. There was some pporadic
cheering lor a, few moments, after which
the orators commenced to air their rejoic
inps that the city hnd voted for bond is
tues, that a campaign was approaching,
that harmony prevailed and that the
Democratic party still lived.
Frank Drury made a motion that a
committee of seven be appointed to hunt"
UT> Franklin K. I^ane, to tell him that he
was the unanimous choice of the dele
gates and to ask him to set forth his
views from the piatferm. There were
from every delegation. J. E»
O'Donnell. Colonel Choynski, J. H. Mul
en and David I. Mahoney then delivered
.Tlef addresses of thanksgl ;. Chair
man Hickey pent Joseph Sly, ,»'. M. Can
non, D. T. Haley. . W. Ross. J. O'Brien. J.
12. O'Donnell and J. H. Mullen to bring
PROGRAMME IS ARRANGED.
T, H E battle between tho wartJnr
factions of the Deinocratto party
,r^s fought behind cloesd dooro
yesterday afternoon and early
evening, and when tho convention
bad been called to order by Chairman
Thomas Hickey at the Alhambra Theater
last night the delegates were strangely
fc.irrnonious. Everything went along
smoothly and the spellbinders addressed
an enthusiastic audience. The principal
• vent Of the evening after the nomina
t:ons was Franklin K. Lane's speech of
acceptance of the candidacy for tho
MayoraJty.
The nominations were those of Critten
d^n TbonUon for City Attorney, Alfred
V.'. Veh« fcr County Clerk. W. M. Hin
ttm for Treasurer, Peter J. Curtis for,
FherlftV "William Broderick for Auditor,
Cd'j^ard J. Forrest for Tax Collector and
<>on?e CabanJss and Edward P. Mogan
fcr Polic« Judges. ' •. . "« ¦• c
After each nomination there were cheers
and numerous seconding^. All of the
ppeakcrs eulogized the Democratic party,.
Its principles and its candidates for the
coming election. Special stress was laid
on the alleged existence of harmony.
The "Horses and Carts*' had their way
after the preliminary skirmish and' se
<-urr«*d the County Clerkship and the pa-,
trnnag»that goes with It. D. I. Mahoney,
who was the "Horse arai Cart" candidate
fnr Mayor, mad*. -a graceful speech, in
vrhich h« thanked his supporters and
promised to make th« hardest kind of a
light for I^aiiev He was cheered e to c the
echo. *«.<.'
Tuine delivered .a stirring; address; which
«"a.« frequently interrupted with byrsts
of applause from his hearers. At 8 o'clock
there bef^inlhe conference of the bosses.
They were .wrangling for some time over
the County Clerkship and the persorenel
of the County Committee. The difficulties
were adjusted in a trifle more than an
*r.pur. ' 1
ceased was" prominent in church circles in
Palo Alto, being an" earnest worker and
member of the Episcopal Church. She was
47 years of age and a native of Kngland.
During the'past nine years Mrs. Decker
has resided in this city with her family.
Besides her husband two children, a sea
and a daughter, survive her.
Joseph fcummingr of the Thirty-fifth
District th°en arose and said:
Mr -Chairman "and Gentlemen of the Con-
Broderick. ¦ (Applause.)
Nominations for Tax Collector being in
order, H. C. Olsen said:
Mr Chairman and Gentlemen of the Conven
tion'' J nominate a gentleman . for Tax Col
lector.(cries of who la the gentleman?) He has
teen In the Iron trade business in the city and
county pf "San Francisco for the -last thrw
years He has been a mechanic, formerly
with the Risdon Iron U'orks. and for many
yean, in the. blacksmith shop. During the
great iron trades strike he was with the black
smiths He went into business fo.r himself and
is doing a" very prosperous business. This la
his first step in the political line.. and I hope
this convention will. nominate him for Tax Col
lector. His name is Edward D. Forrest,
CHOOSE COUNTY COMMITTEE.
The members -of the County Committee
are as follows: *, . ¦; "
Twenty-eighth Assembly District— Eugene F.
CUMMJNG STAKES ADDBESS.
plause.) We have certainly awakened and
quickened the conscience of the crsat body
of the people of this city, and they are the
ones upon whom we' rely. This is to be a
fight. You men are fighters; I am a fighter.
If you want a fighter to lead I am with you
In the coming campaign. (Oreat cheering and
applause.) It will be a splendid fight. (Laugh
ter and applause.) Yes, it Is to be a splendid
fight, because you men are coming atcund me.
When I speak to you as members of this con
vention I speak for the whole mas« of my
party in this dty, and I speak to every man
outside of our party who loves the city. ' I
speak to every man who needs clean govern
ment and decent things to prevail In this city.
We are to appeal to the young men, we ar«
to apoeal to those who have courass in their
hearts, hope In their, eyes -and love of \ the
&ity of San Francisco and ar» not willing to
sell It at any price. (Cheers and applause.)'
PRAISES NOMINEES.
I said in my letter that I wanted you to
name a Board of Supervisors, eighteen men
who would for decent things, who would
b« loyal to the city, who could not b« bought,
and whose Integrity would be beyond question.
You have named such a board. (Applause.)
Those men and the Mayor of San Francisco
-win spend the 818,000,000 that w» voted yes
terday. Eighteen millions of dollars. More
ntbncy than tho city of San Francisco has ever
had at Its command before." Watch well, my
frtends. I am In this flg|»t. not for myself.
It is not my fight, it is your fight, and it is
the fight of the city. It Is a fight for princi
ple. Be sure that you carry that Board of
Supervisors to success at tho polls. (Applause
and cheers.)
I said In that letter that I wanted this
nomination to come from a -united party. I
believe It now. I am glad to say, and that is
the. reason why' I am here, becaus* I k«ow
that unless the Democrats stand with us In
this fight," the city Will be lost, but fight with
me and there can b« no failure. (Cheers and
applause.)
I am estopped by your act to-night, by th*
geijeroua .act of "Mr." Mahoney. In coming here
to* speak but as he has done. o (Great applause
and 'cheery.) By" that, unusual and most cour
"teousact of the minority, who came to me and
asked .me to come before you to-night, by thUj
ant I am estopped from ssqrlng that ther? is
not a -united party with me. As I look into
your faces I recognize most of you. and I
know "that you have been with me before In
other fights. I know you are with me In this
fight. Three times othe city of San Francisco
has given me a vote,, ot confidence, carryiner me
into office once by 10,000 majority. When I
failed of -the Governorship It was not because
of my own" people, those with whom I had
served and those to whom .1 had gfven five
years of my time, those who knew me person
ally and Intimately and who had looked into
my eye tmA knew°what kind of a man I was
and my record and. the kind of an officer I am
--It was not because -the pe«ple of San Fran
cisco failed we that I failed of success- in
that battle. (Cheers and applause.)
•"should stand together.
Now, my friends, I do not come to-night to
m'ake the opening speech " of the campaign,
though you can tr?at it as one of them. But,
men of this convention, you have had a glo
rfous time, and it has put some of the theaters
out of business on " the nights of your meet
ings: and when I think of such^ Democratic
convention I call to mind an old Arabian
proverb: ."My brother and I «iuarreled. but my
brother and I stand together against the whol?
wrfrld. " °(Applause and cheers..) .
oYou know what money counts for In an elec
tion Don't be afraid of it. The Republicans
feel 'confident. They feel so confident that they
had two Republican conventions. (Applause.)
I 'mean the Republican convention In which
Mr Abe Ruef sat and did not vote and the
.Republican convention tn which he did not
sit, but voted all the time. (Applause and
Cb v£i! one cf those tickets is the "wealth of a
rich man and uoon another of tV.ose tickets Is
[he wealth of the Spring Valley Water Com
: pany. <Apf.lause.) You are .not in this cam
nal/n expectrhg banners to float out in Xhc
breeze loc-wo haven't the money to pay for
them ' You are not to expect that offerings will
be made generously In "every corner and la
every nook, because we have not. the money.
But we appeal directly to the manhood of the
people of San Francisco, and we say that the
city shall not be turned over to the corpora
tions that want franchises without paying for
them and shall not be. turned over to bosses
who want graft and. government by graft In
stead of government by law. (Cheers and ap-
Vl N l ow' ) ray friends. I thank you for this recep
tion (Cries of "Go ahead.") No. "you have
businesi to'do to-night and I -am- bat deudn-
Ing you.- I want you with me In this fight be
cause we are men, because we love our city
because we intend to gtve the city of San
f" c Ij C() a straight and honorable government.
•2nd- 1 will lead you. (Great cheering.).
Thlrty-fourtli — John P. Fennell. Thomas J.
Kennedy; James^ J. Manning. Joha E. Sulli
van, James Hore, James A. Cotter.
Thirry-flfth— William A. Kelly, P. A. Clif
ford, JYank B. CRellly. T. E. Curran. Wil
liam H. McCarthy. David Ahern. • ' ¦*•
Thirty-sixth— -William D. Hynes, John J.
Mullen. Patrick McDonough. Frank Corbett.
Patrick Higgins. A. Phillips. G. C. Olds.
Thirty-seventh — Joseph E. O'Donnell, Frank
O. Drury, Edward F. Franks, J. J. McCarthy.
J. H. billon. M. Mulcreroy. J. O. Fitzgerald.
Thirty-eighth— John A. Donnelly. Charles S.
Peery. Clarence V. Clough. Matthew O'Brien.
Leon Wand. E. J. Regan. J. OMalley.
Thirty-ninth— Harry C. Witb«-r. Michael J.
Lynch. William H. Cook, Patrick II. Cullen.
R C. O'Connor.
Fortieth — William Roes, Edward Kenny. P.
B. Mo^Ttsaey. J. A. McDonald.
Forty-first— Daniel T. Haley. James "W. Rell-
Iy, Daniel Shea. John Qulnn. D. J. Sullivan.
Forty-second — Joseph -W. Cooney. V. J. -».
O'Keefe, Joseph. Slye. D. J. Cullen, Francis
B Kane. Edward Lydon, J. Ackerson.
Forty-third — Charles A. Bantel. Herbert Cho
ynskl, Joseph P. Flaherty, John H. Murray,
P. H. McCarthy. F. Kaufman.
Forty-fourth — Thomas Chandler. J. C. Sim*.
Thomas J. Pindar. Georgo Dahlbender. C. A.
Kelly. M. Helns.
Fo«>-flfth — Walter J. de Martini. David Ca
purro, Giovanni Baclgalupl, Michael T. Rellly.
F. G. Wilson.
Thirtieth — John F. Renault, Thomas "v»\
Hickey, E. P. Enrlght. John J. Tomalty. Eu
gene Fitzgerald. Hamilton H. Plant. James II-
Kennedy. Matthew Twomy. Charles J. Gal
lagher.
Thirty-first — Thomas F. Gavin. David TV.
Atkinson. Jamea s Derby. James Mooney. Her
man Zimmerman. Thomas Floyd, Thomas F.
Barry. John Ka£e.
Thirty-second — James J. Donovan. Patrick
J. FinnUan, Peter J. Haggerty. Daniel V.
Harrington, J. F. Johr.son. John F. McDon
oueh. Joseph W«urd.
Thirty-nintli — i^awrence J. Dolan. Louis Fer
rari. PeteroHughes, John Serraatiei, Josepa b.
Viazard.
Lacy. Michael Ileaney. Terrence O'Brien.
Michael -f. Brown. M. Ryan. M. Laiy.
Twenty-ninth — John J. Sweeney. Lawrence
Brannan, James Creegan, Ben Sellg, James
Creighton. John Faulkner, J. M. Plunkett. T.
J. Donovan.
Evidently the juniors took the last sen
tence of Ike's editorial for their slogan,
for it is said that ho freshman ever re
ceived Buch a thorough "tubbing" as
was accorded the editor of the Chaparral.
The editorial in question took exception
to a number of the actions of the Junior
class, particularly in .regard to the adop-
The fouble came about as the result
of an editorial published in the Chaparral
"knocking"- the Junior class. The article
read in part as follows:
And now "Chappie" Is led to ' wander If
Stanford has ever hat! a class Into which so*
little of Stanford comprehension has percolated
We will not judge of their faith, but their
works certainly do not mane good. • • •
Truly freahmanism is a sturdy growth If it
isn't killed in its youth. .•-•-• "e like most
of the members of '05 Individually, but col
lectively they do not qualify. To the bathtub
with the first collective one that can be cap
tured! • *
STANFORD. UNIVERSITY. Sept. 30.-
Ike Russel?, senior and editor of the Chap
arral, ' the college "comic paper, • was the
object of revenge by a number of deter
mined Juniors *in Enclna Hall last 'night.
It all came" about' as the result of an
editorial in the Chaparral, and the mirth
ful editor was mad e e to see the serious side
of life. The "05 men conducted Bus'sell to
one of Knclna's spacievts bathtubs and
treated him . to an involuntary bath, or
rather a series 'of them, the joviaj editor
being soused in a tubful of cold*- water
without the formality of removing his
clothes. After the. "tubbing" party the
juniors took the dripping Journalist to
the big clubroom and put him through a
series of antics for the amusement of the
students there assembled.
Ike Russell ' of the Stanford Comic
Journal Is "Thrown* Into, a '¦'¦. - : -* ;
ij;#: TubOof Water. . ',
EDITOR' OF COLLEGE PAPER * •
BECEIVES ROUGH HANDLING
,. Frank Drury- placed Peter J. Curtis in
rtominatldn for Sheriff. He said: • .-
Mr. .'.Chairman and Gentlemen, of • the. Con
vention: 'When a person' appears before you
for the purpose of submitting- "the rcme of. a
candidate &ir a place within .your clft he
feel? th'at ! It is Incumbent upon him to say
everything that good and nice and. kind
about the person whose name he is about -to
submit; I Jjclleve in following this rule very
closely 1 . In cases "where a candidate appears
for the first time. When a man has held
public-." office, .where he^haa been tried and
NAMES PETER- J. CTXRTIS.
Mr. Chairman and "Gentlemen of the Con
x-ent!ort:. The -place of City- ami County Attor
ney, is a very important one at. all times, but
row that we «re about to enter upon such a
scheme .of mujiicrpal improvement involvlns
the'exprnditureg of such vast «ums of= money.
It ' is doubly, trebly*. important. 1 For soch a
place we want a man of finished legal educa
tion, of great .experience, a mart who has been
engaged In. the- active -pra'ctice of his profes
sion aS an -attorney for many years. \\e want
a. veteran. There are p'laces for young men/
but for the City and C»unty Attorney of -San
Francifco to-day we wa'nt a man who is tried.
For this "place J doeire to name an attorney
whose practice Is In all ' the courts of" thia
Btate Jhe United States. Federal and Superior
Courts and the Supreme Court— a well known
attorney here." I -name Crittenden Thornton.
(Applause.) • ¦ . • . £."--."r -!¦• ;
Now^ we are all Oemocrats.
The Democratic 'party 14 • the 'party of the
poople. ; It comes from" the pe«ple. and Vhcr
the party ap.iembleB in convention and «ex-°
prjyses Its cfeoice. that choice must necessarily
be the choice of the Democratic party and of
the entire people of "the city; for always has
•h 1 " Democratic convention acted for the best
interest of the whole community. BeJievinu
that, and as. I sax. being a-Deraocrat, and this
convention' having pcted. I have great pleasure
in approving of "their actions and saying that
in bo far as my efforts are concerned I will do
everything to- supptirt their choice and carry
out their effort3.to.a betterment of th,e. condi
tions in this city. and of. "electing the entire
¦ Democratic iieket. (Great applause.** *
I want to. say that it pleases me much that'
this motion *>as been made/ ana that the'sec
.onds have o.me from those districts which" .in
their heartfelt,, desjre to benefit -rne » stood
by me during thi* contest. They now being
Democrats, and wishing to declare theriiselves •
have place<4 this fcnotion before the" convention .
and seconded jt. and. now i "a.«<k .you to pass it
: I believe - lhat in choosing Franklin K i^ane
(great applajlse)- ..you ..will have chosen a;i
gentleman in every way worthy of ypur-supv J
port. ¦ I belieye that you nave chosen a stand-*
ard bearer who will pf necessity lead you td"
victory. . He is upon the proper platform/ and
acting -for the best Interests of the; people. V,
know, from, long experience arid knowledge or
¦him that h«» p wlll do "everything to aid and as
sist the>= city and the people, especially at this
time when bo much Is", to. Be done. An<| I -say
to you row and every one" within the *ound of
my voice, ahd io -every" voter In the city, that
when they.com* to choose thelr|>Iayor on "elec
tion day,,' they will make no mistake in voting
Tor Franijfn K. Lane. (Great cheering and ap
plause.,) .-..•"
CITY ATTOBNEY • NOMINATED.-
In ntuninatirfg a CitV .and County At
torney, Sidney. 'M. Van Wyck said:
LAUDS FSANKLIN LANE.
David I. Mahoney wahmly seconded the
suggestion, praising his successful .rival
for the Mayoralty as foHows: ° •
ftr. Chairman and Delegate*) of° the rvem n
Iff fi^f^' f oav T'r Md Frflow-nSLSr^:
My first duty and first expression of feel ink"
t^rtf it mUSt^ make iS tO * e *W* my thank *
heartMt and earn^t: to those who °so loval v '
etooHAy me o and eave me tKeir support asalnsl
great odds and lent their aid and assisUnce »
!n P hl a n U ,T k } th , a ,' lk them an<1 «y c *hat : t lk
an h.cnor that seldom comes to a man in hl»°
itfcUrae—I Relieve .to very few men— to have"
so loyal friends and supporters, cand you
can «=ee howearnestly I. feel tqward them -and
how anxious I am to return to them my thanis c
for what tht-y. haVe dofie for m*. • (Xpplau^)
I also wish to thank the conventldn at, large
for the consideration they have given <m$ dur°
ins this whole proceeding; and when I say so
I mean it. » • . « o '
Frank Drury suggested °an escort for
Lane as follows.:' * • v .
YMnJ^JF?"' *°* Gent^m«n' of the 'Cop-"
rti'lrm«i L*?. 1 ," t& m6ve ° y° u - "«r. that thr
YZ.- , K. < c La.n<*. for the nur
«S? «r£«t £}*,** 9«n°eracv. «a the name o?
that great tx.xly of citizens who favon a *ooS
and honest administration of our-local afrf^V
WmWjS" 111 ! 011 that "« b^ l t^de"d
™-^l, • i convention; and to come, here to-
R-Kht and, express his acceptance to you tcenAT
men. <eh**m and applaud j . ' g ?^$ T
SPEECHES; BEGIN.
ton was chosen as the candidate for
T.-efururer. Joseph Cummlng next took the
stJus-o to tell whgt a splendid 'Auditor
WOUazn Brod^rlck -would make, and again
lh« e»c;-ecary past a unanimous vote. Otto
Clscn :M>mlrated Edward J.. Forrest for
Tax Collector. Louis Hlrsch made a hu
mcroui and frequently applauded address,
nominating George Cabanissf for another
termeas Police . Judge". The. secondlngs
were frequent and extremely laudatory.
Senator J. c. Sims did the 'honors for
Judge c Edward P. Mogan and the work of
nominating candidates for the next pam
paign ccras finished.
There was much chetfrins and general
congratulation for a tevs, moments, after
which, a vote of thanks was extended .to
Thomas Hickey for his able work as
chairman. He responded with a few re
marks and was cheered wildly. • •
The selection of the members of the
County Committee. was the last thins *>n
the programme. • TJtiere was a hitch in the
fh6 E T 8 hT^ e^ her %,f 0r the d «I«*Rtes fom
the Thirty-seventh were not all . of the
ht m^ m nd? T hey - wore Erected f Q hurry
by Chairman* Hickey and finally* C om-
Bine m d«f "Jfi? co " ventIon *•* adjourned
sine die with enthusiastic cheers. «,
Franklin K v Lane Makes a Stirring Address,
• Accepting the Honor of Lead
\ - . .ing the Party. *,
"Horses and Carts" Succeed.
in Getting County
Clerkship.
WARRING FACTIONS OF THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY END THEIR FIGHT
BEHIND CLOSED DOORS AND CONVENTION ACCEPTS PROGRAMME
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; THURSDAY. OCTOBER 1. 1903.
4
ADVESTISEilENTS.
tour" success
In life depends largely on your
health. Therefore, if you have
stomach trouble of any sort you
are badly handicapped. Get rid
of it at once by taking Hostetter's
Stomach Bitters. It has cured
thousands of other cases in the
past and certainly won't fail you.
It positively cures Dyspepsia, In-
digestion, Constipation, Belching,
Heartburn, or any other ailment
arising from a weak stomach.
Don't fail to try it. Good health
is sure to follow.
HOSTETTER'S
STOMACH BITTERS.
A visit DR. JORDAN'S great 6
(taUSEUH OF fiKATOMY^
A Cfi 1C51 MASZIT S7. tot. 5:a*7a. S.T.CH. i
\ tji Tlle *-*•"!{«* Anatomical Museum in tbe \
V »ijb*t World. Weaknesses c r any contract «.1 Q
i. SS ffi <•>«»« p»»l«»»rly r«r«4 ny the okiot T
Q IJSJfc I hpeoalbt oa the C&ist Ei:. 30 years. ©
6 fl§gl DR. JORDAN-DISEASES CF WEN A
\ f Cot«u!tatioa free »nd jtrictly prirate. \
0 8 J&^t H Treatment prrjonaly or toy tetter. A g
\ 8 / 'IB fonttn Curt in e»ery case unilerta.cen. T
U Fit 10 Writ, for Book. PHILOOOPU V of J
T * H |t MABBMei, MAILED FSEE. ( A f
1 Q \ valuable book (or men) . \
f DR. joni>4.\ A CO., lOOl MnrkPt SJ..S. F. ¥
"I Can't Go
I've such a terrible headache," need
never be said again. Dr. Miles' Anti-
Pain Pills quickly cure and positively
prevent headache and all bodily pain.
No Oplnte*. lion l.ixative. neversold lu bulk.
Guaranteed. All drui jjlht*. 23 do-.eH 25 cents.
Us. Miles Mcdicai. Co.. Elk bar t, lad.
DB. PIEBCE'S BZMEDIES. ..=
•hP^^ 1^ for women
¦ WHO CANNOT BE CURED.
Backed up by over a third of a century
of remarkable and uniform cures, a
record such as no other remedy for the
disease* and weaknesses peculiar to
women ever attained, the proprietors of
Dr.Pierce's Favorite Prescription now
feel fully warranted in offering to pay
$500 in legal Money of the United
States, for any case of Leucorrhea, Fe-
male Weakness, Prolapsus, or Falling
of Womb which they cannot cure. All
they ask is a fair ana reasonable trial of
their means of cure. *
Tho Vice-President Independent Order
of Good Templars.
Aa experience ¦which many women hare was
related Sy Miss Arncs St ebbing*, of 231 East
•3oU» Street, New York City, as follows:- «I
had very poor health for a year until life
looked dark and dreary to me. Had head-
achet, backache, also „ pain, my sleep was
broken and fitful. I long* d for health. Tried
several > medicinea but none were of any last-
ing benefit until I took Doctor Pierce""! Fa-
vorite Prescription. . I soon realized that I
Toad found the right remedy. It helped nature
to threw off the poisons that saturated the
system, removed ail pains and strengthened
the digestive organs, and hroorht the roses of
health back to my cheeks. This medicine if
taken occasionally keeps the system in perfect
condition, helping' it to throw off the disease
and conseanences of exposure to dampness. I
am pleased to pre it ray endorsement."
"Favorite Prescription.'' makes weak
women strong, sick women well. Ac-
cept no * substitute for the medicine
*hich works wonders for weak women.
Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical
Adviser is sept/ret on receipt of 21 one-
cent stamps for the paper-coTered book,
or 31 stamps for the doth-bonnd. Ad-
dress Dr. R; V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.It is commonly assumed by ornitholo
piFts that every species of migratory bird
liieeds in the most northern portion of Its
range. It has been found, however, that
the Australian sand dotterel goes south
to breed, traveling to the south of New
Zealand, or an far toward Antarctica as
tt can now get.
The King Is; one , of the ; few. who pos
sess the extraordinary faculty of remem
bering a fact of '- their very early child
hood. He still retains the recollection "of
an- incident [ of his . second birthday; this
was takings an elephant from a splendid
Noah's " ark,"- a h. birthday.,^ present, and
twisting off ; Its j trunk the moment the
.toy was. given i to; him. v For* this he was
severely"; scolded^ ' Queen 1 * Victoria ; and
the ; Prince ¦ Consort.— Pearson's Weekly.
Sunday. Oct. 4. at 0:30 a. m., the r^leniid
and «oir.aic<llc-Js eteamer Sausallto will make
* tat-cia! bay tri:» to all points of -.Merest on
water front of six counties. Including Union
Iron Works. Naval Traininr Sta'«cn Sun
J'»blo May. Va!l«Mo. Lime Point. ftVtSnj u
6:.W p. m. Extent musical entertainment.
Positively t- liquors eold. MeaJ« all dav
**? £E? > i tr i p <5OC f0r chsM """>- Ticket, on
«*!• C2a Market «t.. or Sausalito Ferry, S. F.»
Fine Eay Excursion.
During the latter, part of , her life de
ceased would tell of the battle of New! Or-'
leans, when Jackson met Pakenham, and
.The old woman was a slave until 1S32.
when she was purchased from the Lario
family by her husband, Victor Deran
bourg, with nine children. "
All told the deceased had given birth to
twenty- two children, of which number
only; nine survive, .the eldest being 69
years old and the' youngest 47 years.
Her . husband died some twenty years
ago. .
. "Widow Victor Marie Deransbourg, col
ored, supposed to have reached the good
old age of lit years, died at her home, 531
Bouny street, New Orleans, August 23.
.: According to statements made by mem
bers of - the ; family, the old ' woman was
born in the year 1789 In St. Charles Parish,
and was the property of Pierre Lario, a
rich planter, who afterward removed to
the lower coast of Algiers.
•Deceased was a daughter of Judge La
battus of Louisiana. Her, mother was a
Congo negro, imported here during the
year 1772. V ,
Dies at Age of 114 Years.
So far as the trade is concerned, whole
salers are compelled to replenish their
stock on almost any terms demanded. In
one of the London hospitals devoted to
the treatment of pulmonary diseases the
use of cod liver oil has been abandoned
and petroleum emulsions substituted,
with satisfactory results.— London Times.
! The failure of the cod liver oil crop for
two years has caused the Norwegian Gov
ernment so much concern that official bul
letins have been Issued about it. The
failure ls not altogether in the supply of
cod, for about the same number are taken
from, the sea each year, but the cod that
are caught lack nutriment. Most of them
are half starved and do not weigh one
third as much as they should. Some of
them are so thin that the livers (from
which the oil is taken) are barely dis
tinguishable.
The coldness of the sea has killed the
smaller fish on which the cod subsist.
Cod, as well as seals, have been living on
short rations for a long time. Hundreds
of cod caught with lines are found to
have been bitten by hungry seals. . A bul
letin recently issued by* the Norwegian
Government says:
"The condition of codfish is worse than
ever. They have no livers to speak of.
It ls now requiring 40,000 fish to make a
barrel of oil. This is without parallel In
the history of our fisheries."- ' *
Cod Livers Are Thin This Year.
SALEM. Or.. Sept. 30.— B. C. Parsons,
for the past three years a trusted em
ploye of the Insane asylum, was yester
day suspended from duty pending an In
vestigation. Parsons' wife yesterday filed
a divorce suit and in her complaint alleged
that her husband had stolen blankets
and other supplies from the asylum and
concealed them In their house. When the
papers were filed the asylum authorities
searched the Parsons home and found
the stolen goods. Parsons denied his
guilt, but the blankets showed that the
asylum mark had been clumsily removed.
The divorce suit ls responsible for
bringing 1 the theft to light and a. thorough
investigation may lead to further develop
ments at the asylum. Parsons ls well
connected here. As his wife is believed
to have known that the goods were stolen
at the time the thefts occurred It may
develop that she will be held as accessory.
His Wife Informs the Offi&als That
He Has Been Bobbing tho
Institution.
EMPIX)YE OF AN" OBEGON '
ASYLUM IS SUSPENDED
The one safeguard that the latter has
is that only 75 per, cent of % the profits of
the company can be used to pay pension
claims: In this case the company i could
never become Insolvent In theory, but the
pensions .would " melt ' down as the profits
declined.— New York , Sun.
In J' .}. 1900, the firm had a yearly in
come from sales of about $750,000 and paid
to Its pensioners more than $100,000. In
June, ¦ 1902, the annual sales - were over
$2,150,000, and the pensions $350,000. There
are now more than 500 widows who are
entitled to draw a weekly bounty from
the company until the day of their death,
aYid the average payment is about $2 a
week to each person. The figures given
by the Government show, that the amount
of the pensions is slowly creeping up on
the income of the company, despite the
fact that the income is also on the rise.
Thus far no attention has apparently
been paid In the workings of the scheme
to the, fact that a certain amount of
money should be Invested and held In
reserve to pay the annuities already on
the books.
The British critics of the plan, mainly
rival merchants, argue that if the 5000
widows are really pensioners on the books
the firm has a liability to them in the
future of. not less than $10,000,000. Lately,
to extend the . business still further, it
has been announced that any ( woman al
ready a widow may "earn a lifelong pen
sion ..by purchasing, a. half pound of tea
weekly for ten consecutive years. This
pension amounts to 10 shillings a week.
The boom , that follows this new depar
ture ls expected. to hold up the company's
end for some time on the old plan, but
the mathematicians of the Industrial in
surance companies which have , been de
prived of their weekly premiums by the
insurance "with a little tea\ In it" plan
and the tea merchants who have been de
prived of : their; trade, both say that the
time of failure of the scheme is not' far
off for. tho. tea; company.': \
A curious situation has arisen in London
over the advertising scheme adopted by a
tea store. The plan was this: Any mar
ried woman who bought tea in any quan
tity, however small, from the firm regu
larly every week for flf ty-two consecu
tive weeks, became entitled. If her hus
band died after that time, to a life-long
pension. The pension, of course, was
small. ,
The idea took, and the business of the
company leaped up to an astonishing fig
ure. For the first two or three years the
outlay for pensions was almost nothing
compared with the income. Of courso the
number of widows increased gradually,
but for some time In no noticeable dis
proportion to the new volume of business.
The scheme did not very clearly come un
der the supervision, of the Government
insurance officials and the company had
merely to report the status of its business
and the amount of pensions paid. The
annual Insurance blue book of Great
Britain -contains . this year for the first
time tl printed statement of this plan.
London Tea Store to
Its Patrons.
Complications Over the Offer of a
Constable Bludworth says that he has
seen a schooner with a very dirty sail
come up a number of times and anchor
to the kelp, preparatory to running in for
a landing. Once he tried to chase her up
the coast, but lost her in the darkness.
He Is convinced that the vessel is engaged
in the business of landing contraband
Chinese from Mexico. They scatter on
landing and make their way to Anaheim,
Santa Ana and Los Angeles.
SAX DIEGO, Sept. 30.— The report
comes from Oceanslde that several times
recently an unknown schooner has been
making her way inshore at nig-hL Ital
ian fishermen who have been close to the
schooner report that on one occasion at
least she was crowded with all the Chi
nese she could hold and that after dark
she ran close In and landed them. When
?sked*why they did not report the occur
rence at the time they replied that a year
agxj they reported the landing of six Chi
nese In a similar manner and received
neither reward nor thanks, to say nothing
of the return of their expense In .forward
ing tho Information.
San Diego Authorities Receive Infor
mation Concerning the Movements
of a Mysterious Schooner.
CONTBABAND CHINESE
ABE LANDED AT OCEANSIDE
ALLENTOWN, Pa.. Sept 30.— The Em
pire Steel and Iron Company, which ope
rates six furnaces, and the Thomas Iron
Company, which also operates six stacks,
posted notices to-day of a 10 per cent cut
In wages, to go into effect to-morrow. The
reduction affects 900 men.
LIFE INSTJIULNCE
WITH YOTJB TEA
Cuts Wages of Its Men.
Other important questions affecting legisla
tion were taken up. and on behalf of the In
ternational Bookbinders' Union the Miller case
was discussed. The executive" council brought
to the President's attention the manner in
which his decision had been quoted, and in ad
dition to the relationship of Mr. Miller to the
Bookbinders' Union » as brought forth in the
charges against him. the "open . shop" Idea
was ¦ carefully considered. Replying to state
ments on the subject President Roosevelt set
forth that in his decision he had nothing In
mind but a strict compliance with the Federal
etatutes, including the civil service law, and
that he recognized the difference between em
ployment by the Government circumscribed by
these laws and any other form of employment,
and that his decision in the Miller case should
not be understood to have any other effect
or Influence than affecting direct employment
by the Government In accordance therewith.
He furthermore made plain that In any form
of employment excepting that bo circumscribed
he believed the full employment of union men
was preferable either to non-union or "open
shops." " _
Because of the wonderful Improvements m
the methods of wealth production, by which
the needs of men and the luxuries of life can
be- created In a work day of eight hours, we
demand enforcement of the eight-hour day, not
only In private employment, but also on all
work performed by or on behalf of the Gov
ernment, whether the employment be directed
by contract or sub-contract.
While we seek to avoid and avert strikes and
industrial disputes, any attempt to cripple the
right of labor as a last resort to strike In de
fense of our rights simply means labor's en
slavement; for industrial tranquillity by agree
ment through the methods of conciliation and
fair arbitration ls only possible and attainable
when the workers are organized and have the
liberty to exercise their constitutional rights.
Tho writ of Injunction in its proper sphere U
a right, and protection. It was never designed
for the purpose to which it ls now put in In
dustrial disputes. There is not now upon the
statute books of any State or upon the statute
books of the Federal Government a lln« upon
which authority la given the courts for the
Issuance of injunctions such as have been Issued
in industrial disputes. It is not the use but the
abuse by the courts of the writ of Injunction
against which we protest, which ls in. direct
conflict with ithe rights guaranteed to our
people by the constitution of .our country.
The conference with the President con
cerning desired legislation and the Miller
controversy is treated 33 follows:
In connection with -the meeting of the ex
ecutive council, and by appointment, a con
ference was held -with the President of the
United States for the purpose of discussing
labor legislation. The eight-hour bill was con
sidered at length, the President stating that
hla mind had not changed on that form of leg
islation since he had favored it as Governor
of New York State, and therefore he was fa
vorable to the passage of the proposed act.
On the antl-lnjunctlon bill. In response to
questions submitted, the President replied that
the subject would have his most careful and
earnest attention.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 3O.-The execu
tive council of the American Federation
of Labor to-night Issued an address "To
organized labor of America." The ad
dress says:
The executive council of th* American Fed
eration of Labor has recently addressed organ
ized labor by circular on subjects iacluding
bills which will be introduced in the forth
coming: session of Congress in th» interest of
th» wage-earners of our country, and which
were committed to us by you through your
representatives at the last American Federa
tion of Labor convention. Since then the ex
ecutive council has held several sessions, and
of "all legislative measures the elffht-hour ana
anti-injunction bills have received our special
attention.
State Results of Confer
ence With the Pres
ident.
LABOR LEADERS
ISSUE ADDRESS
Another important action was the adop
tion of as minimum j-oad scale of $3 50,
which will cover all territory not now
controlled by existing locals.
. The question of apprentices, it was de
cided, would be "submitted to the various
locals of the country for a referendum
vote. ;-^
The committee on constitution was re
quested to bring In an amendment to the
constitution denning more clearly the
power of the president and executive
board In calling strikes. This question
probably will be considered to-morrow.
with the Federation of Labor no matter
what action this convention would take.
No. 2, he added, also would affiliate with
all other like organizations as soon as the
opportunity offered. ' W
OMAHA, Neb./Sept. 30.— The story that
President Burt o( the Union Pacific is to
become general manager of the Southern
Pacific Is given 0 - no credence In. Omaha.
President. Burt c «, himself could -not be
reached to-night, but ths story was de
nied from Union Pacific headquarters last
week. However, r p wing to President Burt's
absence from th]e. city" when the yarn,
originated he hsi- never been questioned
in person concerning it. r
Railroad Humor Not Credited.
T4»e fight to unseat the three lnside'del
egates was postponed until the end of the
week. Chicago Local No. 3 has Instructed
Its members herd to .work for the unseat.
Ing of these men.
Another victory, In a way, for the New
York leader was the action of the con
vention In voting almost unanimously to
affiliate with the American Federation of
Labor. President Buchanan, who had
voted against affiliation at 'the Boston
convention two years ago, to-day briefly
addressed the convention In favor of it.
He had favored such action In his annual
report: Delegate McGovern- of Albany
made a set speech" '.In favor of affiliation,
and then Delegate Parks followed In a
rousing talk that carried the convention
with him nlmfost'to a- man. While he had
fought against it in years gone by, he
now," he eaid, was In favor o f affiliating
with- all central bodies. Local fro. 2 of
New York would, he declared, affiliate
""KANSAS CITY. Sept. 3O.-Samuel Parks,
the walking delegate from. New York,
waved his magic* wand'>over the delegates
to .the annual convention of the Interna
tional Association of Bridge and . Struct
ural -Iron Workers again to-day,- ajid
breught peace and harmony out of condi
tions that, seemed ! oply to .portend strife
and a split that might "have -meant a dis
ruption of. the organization. Before- the
convention convened ' the Buchanan con
tingent had' intimated- strongly ' that it
.would withdraw if money were voted to
Local No.- 2 -of. New York. Later, after
P.arks ha,d addressed' the delegates, they
voted $1000 as a loan frpm the association.
There was practically ho opposition to
the appropriation... . * - ...
. Parks evidently had reconsidered his
plan to ask. the convention to vote an as-.
Bessment of"$l against eaoh.pf. th© 80,'OOCr
•members throughout th^ country,- and he
rjdiculed . the statement * that h« • would
.finally ask that. each member of.-th© as-.
Bociation " donate a day's salary," w,hlch
would aggregate close- .to $500,000: After
.the convention Parks said 6f Its actloni-'"'
":"I. guess I' am 'dolng'pretty well;." I seem
to be In the' 'runnings yet." . . .' *
-.' Despite- rumors_ that an unfavorable re-,
port;- would be 'made on the annual report
'of President Buchanan, the , committee's
report as presented was favorable to the
president. It was adopted without "debate
and most of his recommendations were
favorably acted upon. , " "
Three delegates were appointed from
each of the local unions in Pittsburgh and
Wheeling to adjust the differences be
tween those two cities. In case of failure
to agree an uninterested person will be
named by the national association to act
as arbitrator.
SAUIvT' BfE.'-MARIE, Mloh., Sept.- 36.—
Mounted infantry and.detachment-s of the
Canadian militia are tb-nlgbt " guarding
the Canadian Soo generally and points
'where the Consolidated Lake, Superior
Company has feared riotous .acts- by dls-,
charged -employes." Quiet prevailed tb
-day tn the city, and "throughout 'tti'e. re^.
gion in : which-' the'cornpany.- is in'tere'sted.'
About 800 meji employed in the woods.'at
¦\y-elde, who ha.ve.' been* detained' at -that
¦polht-by the .company, for several ds/ys..
afrived'/dri'the. Algoma Central Railroad
'tp-night* in 'charse of,. the "soldiers, sent
thither tills morning.': Thfe. men received
•their' pay. ch'ecfes;'..were- given! tickets fo.r
several meals •and' departed without caus'
Ing •troiiblei' .'•".-' '.'• ' •:".' '. ' . .
ColoXel -iBuchanan, 'in^'command of the
¦troop.s # " the remainder '.of "Vhlch arrived
this- marrifnsr/ qr"4ered twe'rity-flve-of "the
soldiers"' to" guaVd-'-'to'-night the dynamite'
; magazine of the "company .along its rail
road -Beyera.1 . nijU.es". from the city. \ Colonel
'.Buch'ajlan Is facrnflden't that the: serious
•phaseaf the ¦.¦situation, is practically oven'
. are' 500. /Jr.' 600 me,n still , to bff
"br<?ijgh"t in by ,3he." company, including a
: number. b'eyorfd ."' Weijle. w-ho". were not
.'brought in t'o^iay? "The rest .are" from ,
;the mining dist-r/ct..arp'und : Michippic.oten.
.These- men will'' he given their pay slip3
and" . provided wjr,h • meals| . temporarily.
They will be giveji notice by -the munici
pal officials or the company officials, as
were the large number who had been
cared for -by the city'" and concern, that
they will receive no assistance In thefu- :
ture. They will be advised to accept em
p°loyro.ent, which- ls .being offered every
where and probably will .do so, numbers
of . the discharged men having left for
other parts. - ."....;. .;'-,V ' ¦
* No more arrests' occurred, except those
of two men this morning, who were
charged with intimidation and inciting to
riot. Martial* law .Is still In force and
probably will be- until the departure of
.the troops. Marshal Plummer, Colonel
Buclfanan and the officials of .the Con
solidated Lake Superior Cdmpariy take a
hopeful view of the situation and 'expect
a return of noniial conditions soon..
Jlilj, Ignores the fart that the question of
pensions Is entirely Independent of
r.sral reform.
There is al»olute!y no foun'daUon for thf«
f*<-rilr,n in any of the statements made h»
th» rOvocatrs of th» tariff reform y
rvwrthiy— Jt ls said that the duty must b«
;; liiph ..ne in order to ir.eet the etiet of the
. n « h * op^ rt ' >rs of our antiquated policy re
s^'to^a/ron^f^Vr-trK^nteX
to ffive nr»»frri»fi. ¦ ««. '" U J. H '» intended
be necessary to rut a duty upon "ood
th* working claes. ls by
Tills is contrary to the doctrine of the rr>n«t
-Tnincnt of modern oeonomlsts h ° o f ™t ?h2
whete an article is imported frora a foril/n
-mntrj; ar.d Is also produced atTom% 2rf Tn
th«s colons a tax upon the foreign iS?VM
ThWJy— It Is said that the duty to b» im
T'ffd will \* a hf-avy on», at least fi" «r,U
pmndblr 10 Fhilllnirp a quarf-r. and
Our competition, which is already no aauf*
is nr« fair competition. It 1« -uppStid &
br.anties.. fostered by the or-rat',: a T of 'trusts
£LV t '£P'? hel " Hj ty the Gnomical a™a£
tages which our opponents enjoy in th» thaw
of cheaper labor and in the ab.t-nce ci all tho«
relations which we have ces. r.ted to in the
fntw«ts of the working classes and In order
to raise thrir Etandard cf living. n% call
for inquiry J* overwhelming and these article
Chamberlain contributes to the Daily
Telegraph this morning a letter which is
Intended to serve as a preface to tho re
publication In book form of a series of ar
ticles which has appeared In the Daily
Telegraph on the fiscal problem. The let
ter, however. Is practically a complete ex
position of his proposed policy. Cham
berlain cays:
loil ilJSl T' 11 * 1th Britl8h tn£e - Att« %
*££ KS£ Of ». BacceM th- ot unrestricted
»IT?.,i. r has nOTr ehow n evident eigns of
Iti 7' .. Ur ex P° rts *re etationary In amount
and declining in character. We receive from
our competitor, a larw proportion of mlnT
;™~£.f EOC i is ar * d *'* eend tisem » larger
rropot-uor. of raw material than we used to.
Oar furrrrr.aey Jn what have always, been con-
Fidered our standard Industries has been wrett
•1 from us or is seriously menaced. One bv
on* our market,, once profitable and expanding
are closed to us by hostile tariffs. \vT ha?e
ii ~ l tX^' lr cf , h ?-nraining successfully for
th- r»rnovaJ ur rejection of these barriers to
cur trade. Our colonies A i O ne continue toln
cr*a*e their purchases, ar ,d even here we must
thandon all hope cf ex;^ s ion. and w e are
threatened with the loss of our existing trade
It w ere unable to meet their requests lor
reciprocal preference. lor
The letter of resignation of Lord George
KamlHon, the late Secretary of State for
India, was also published to-night, accom.
panled by a letter to the chairman of the
Conservative Council of Ealing, which
borough ho represented in Parliament. In
which Lord George says that he wrote
*!s resignation on the afternoon of Sep
tember 15 in ignorance of Chamberlain's
resignation and the consequent elimina
tion of everything relating^ to preferential
tariffs from the Government programme,
th© first Intimation of which reached him
through the morning paper? of September
IK which also contained the announce
ment from the London Gazette of the ac
ceptance of his own resignation.
The lettor of resignation defines Lord
George Hamilton's views, and says that
anything: tending to raise the price of
production in Great Britain is injurious
to trade, and the interference with or re
versal of the policy of free imports must
operate in that direction. He fails to see
how recourse to protection or retaliation
can be of advantage to the general 1m.
port trade, and says he cannot be a party
to the reversal of the principles of Great
Britain's fiscal policy. He believes that
the system of preferential trade within
the empire and retaliation outside will
be detrimental to the commerce and in- :
dustry of India,
Lord George Hamilton expresses the be
lief that the gTeatrst danger to British
industries are the economical and scien
tific methods of production which their
foreign rivals are introducing into the
manufacture of articles in which Great
Britain was formerly superior. He points
out that the country has borne with sur
prising ease the heavy load of taxation
necessitated by the South African war,
End has emerge from that ordeal with
unimpaired credit.
The Midlothian (Scotland) Liberal Asso
ciation has adopted Lord Dalm«?riy. eldest
eon of tlie Earl of Rosebery, as its can
didate for Parliament at the next general
election. Lord Dalmeny, in his addresa |
accepting the nomination, said he was !
unalterably opposed to Joseph Chamber-
Jain's preferential trade proposals.
CHAMBEELAIN AIBS VIEWS.
LORD HAMILTON'S LETTER.
to the colotile* other than that which is ad-
K vocated ty the Oclor.ia! Secretary, namely, ' th«
•^taxation of food, which involves as a conss
?ueace an increase of taxation. To this policy
•tm exposed. • - .
¦W« axe also a«ked to abandon the policy
of this country Jrora which we have derived
•o much advantage, but we are not told ex
actly what is the proposal. I ¦wculu gladly
five consideration to any practical fccheme for
obtaining better access to forcUrn markets or
tor meeting the evils of which we complain,
- but we have had no such seneme placed be-
Ior« us. I fear, however, unintentionally any
proposal for retaliatory dutien would inevitably
Iced to protection end produce far greater
•vlls than it was desired to prevent.
I cannot tell you how much I fe*I the
partiryr from my r.ld colleague*, especially ;
yourself, from whom I have received bo much
kindness and consideration.
LONDON'. Sept. SO.— The Associated
Press understands that Lord Milner has
refused to accept the Colonial Office port
folio. Premier Balfour Is expected to
make an announcement to thjs effect at
the luncheon at Sheffield October L
The text of T. E. Ritchie's letter of res
ignation of the post of Chancellor of the
Exchequer was made public to-night. It
Is dated September 15 and runs as fol-
T
My Dtir B*lfour: I am a*rald. after what
occurred at the Cabinet meeting yesterday,- it
la not possible for rn« to rexn&ia a member
of th« Government with any advantage to my
self or it. I have, therefore, to aek you to
p.i.c* rsy re6:fnatioa In the hands of the King.
I *m In entire eyir.pethy with the desire
to uxUt* the mother country and the colonies
x&ore clo«e!r. but I know or no method by
which preferential treatment can bt accorded
The latest developments In the strike 5
situation came to-night, when the. Gold
Coin mine at Victor was closed down, in
volving the closing of the Economic mill
and throwing out of work 260 union min
ers. The properties belong to the wood
Brothers. The latter heretofore have not
been Involved in the labor troubles here.
To-day, however. Wood Brothers notified
their employes that they must leave the
Western Federation of Miners and a
strike on the properties was at once or
dered.
"Get out the paper,, of course," repH'ed
ilre. Langdon, with a. • sang, frold' that
would carry her through* any.' kind ojf ex
citement. "This ls» not; the '¦¦ time- to get
hysterical, bo Just A'uf oiif.' your "crying
I and come down to the office. I will call' a
carriage and be there lri "three miniJtes."
On her arrival at the office she found
everjthing in charge of the metal .boy.
Mrs. Langdon bethought herself of A.. Q.'
Miller, the busines manager,, arfd imme
diately rang up his home. He ' was
amazed when he learned of the arrest,
but the coolness of Mrs. Langdon bkept
down his excitement. She advised 'him tb.
hunt up Pressman Charles Conrad. Mrs.
Langdon began the work of concluding
the composition of an article.
"I had just finished this and was set
ting some type," said Mrs. Langdon,
"when Mr. Miller came in with" Mr. Con
rad. They were greatly excited, but I
told them that we must all pitch in and
get out come kind of a paper. ' We all
thought that the militia would- return
and arrest the pressman, so we barricad
ed and pulled down the blinds. We were
lucky in doing so, as in a minute a squad
of cavalry surrounded the place. They I
hammered at the windows an'd knocked I
at the doors, but we told them that they
would have to force an entrance If they
cared to get in. We disregarded their
presence after this and went at our work
as hard as it was possible. The paper
went to press on time at 3 o'clock, and 1
think I was the proudest woman in the
world In being able to nave an opportu
nity to thus help to outwit the soldiers.".
The following line was printed across
the head of this morning's Record and is
the work of Mrs. Langdon:.
"Badly battered, but still in. the ring."
The heroism and coolness pi Mrs.'Emma
T. Langdon; "wife of F, ~\Y"L&iig&on, one
of the linotype operator^.-kjep't the Record
from suspending, publication.. After the
arrest of the Record force last night Mrs.
George E. Kyner,- wife of the" -proprietor', •
called up Mrs. Lahgdon acd informed. her
of what had .occurred. '% '.„¦':'•.¦
"What shall we do?'J sha screamed over
the telephone. . •••/.*• ; '•: ' ' '• •' ¦."¦'¦'
CRIPPLE CREEK. Colo.. Sept. '^O—At
a late ¦•n®ur* to-night Editor Kyner, 'Cir
culator Sweet and C. C. and P. W. Lang
don, linotype* operators of the Victor Rec
ord staff, Vho were arrested last night by
the military,, were turned, over to the .civil
authorities' and ( released on. bonds of $1000
each. They a*t onct- resumed. jvo'rk in the-
Record omce. .They are-. charged with ma
licious libel,' but It is aaia Vthat v6th«r
charges, will^be^made. against- them to-,
morrow. . . • ' ¦ . •:. •'.;..'• ¦'.:'•¦' ; •'•
Unpaid- Men Are Warned- to
- •' Seek Employment. .,.«•
¦Elsewhere:' '.Y! .
Arrest of Victor Record's Edi
torial Staff.Does Not Stop •
••;.= '- ¦:• Publication. . - •'. -.- ¦
Views of Lord Gscrge Hamil
. ton Are Also" Given
to the Country.
Relinquishes Plan to. Assess
all Bridge and Iron l*J
., . • ' * .' Workers. ¦ • > * .
Issues Miners' Newspa
per After Raid Upon
Plant. . ¦.
Walking Delegate Wins
More Victories at
\ "Kansas City. .
|JT| I" ' FfiifilM' 1 * I'll MtM I HIM IH*IIMWl fMlfcf ill -¦ ¦'
Presence of • -Regulars
. Ends the Reign of
Violence.
Letter of Resignation of
Ritchie Is Made
Public.
TROOPS GUARD
CANADIAN SOO
PLUCKY WOMAN
FOILS MILITIA
MILNER DECLINES
TO TAKE OFFICE
PARKS SUPREME
IN THE COUNCIL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 1. 1903.
The late Rev. Hyatt Smith of Brook
lyn used to tell this story of his little
daughter: "While walking along the street
one day the child, who had (he happy
faculty of looking on the sunny sidu of
things, saw a wagonload of sheepskins.
"What are those things, papa?" sh«
asked. "Sheepskins, my dear." "But
where are the sheep, papa?" The father
explained that the sheep had been killed
for food. Looking after th« wagon, with
the tails of the sheepskins wagging as
they dangled over the side, the child re
marked: "Well, papa, the sheep may be
dead, but the tails seem to be having a
good time."
The little home on the morning after her
death was besieged with visitors, both
white and colored, all of whom knew th«
old soul during the later years^of her life,
and who had taken much Interest In her
on account of her old age.— Chicago Inter
Ocean.
The old woman had never known any
severe illness, and had only been con
fined to her bed two weeks before her
death. Prior to this event she was per
fectly sound and could move without as
sistance. Her hearing and sight were al
most perfect.
claimed at that tlma she was 23 years of
aee.
5
""ADVERTISEMENTS. V'
There is only One (^ \
Genuine-Syrtlp OfFlgsX^W^J
The Genuine is Manufactured by the /K^fe^l^^S
I The full nnmo of tho company, California Figr Syrup Co., W^*^^^^^^^§^
is printed on tho front of every package of the genuine. /'VJ^^^&!:*^^^^^3
! the Genuine- Syrup of Fig^- is for Sale, in Original
Packages Only, by Reliable Druggists Everywhere
I-. Knowing the above will enable one to avoid the fraudulent imha-
¦ tions made by piratical concerns and sometimes offered by unreliable
.dealers.'. The imitations, arc' known to act injuriously and should '^^ft^iS/^^H
/.therefore be' declined. • '"¦'/_¦' '.•' . •• ®&5S^^fHS
' .';.'•. • Buy the genuine always if' you wish to get its beneficial effects. •^^^^)bI1s
• It. cleanses the system gently yet effectually, dispels colds and headaches W l $$/fM$: fil
..when" bilious. or constipated}, prevents fevers and acts best on the iW^^I^S
. kidneys, liver, -stomach and bowels, when a laxative remedy is needed S^-^JBfl illi
by men, women or children. .Many millions know of its beneficial
effects from actual use and of their own personal knowledge.* It is the y^ : '/f I^^^H
. .laxative remedy of the well-informed, 4 y^^Otf^^S
Always buy the Genuine- Syrup of Figs <^^//^tft^^^S
.• .- • .MANUFACTURED BY THE " y t^^^MM^^^''^\
LoMisviIfe* Hy: * /iev?York. H&jM*%
jutmML * ' fnCE nrij £LctCS FESt-SOTTLS "\* t **S> :^**- : j?^ '
': " c y. ; ' • advertisements: •
Ban Francisco, Thursday, 1 October, 1903.
Attractive offer
for "Call" tfJ^lA.OO
readers <$IAj=
A substantially built, nicety finished, china closet,
with genuine French bevel plate mirror in top. The
wood is oak, golden finish, and the glass in door is
curved. Measures 67 inches high by 28 inches wide.
A valuable addition to. the dining-room and a piece of
furniture that every woman wants who takes pride in
the appearance of her home. We can't imagine any one
being disappointed in this closet at the price—^20. 00.
In some stores anything that resembles mahogany is
called "mahogany." ' But if the customer knows a thing
or two about it —^hatthen?;
Within the last few days some of the finest speci-
mens of genuine mahogany ever made into furniture
have come on our floors in the: form, of bedroom pieces
and of the Colonial type. Magnificent reproductions,
possessing an> individuality and .character that is not
found in furniture of any other style or .period. It's
worth a trip here just to see these new pieces, even
though you may not have a thought of buying. And
you're just as welcome to look, rest assured.
(Formerly the California Furniture Go.)"
957 to 977 Market Street, San Francisco
ADVERTISEMENTS.
As prescribed by a law-
enacted by the last Legislature
the State Board of Commis-
sioners in Optometry has is-
sued certificates to the under-
signed firms, entitling them
and their employes to practice
the fitting of spectacles and
eyeglasses :
BASSELL ft JONXS OFTICAX, CO.,
343 Grant At*.
CHItrar-BEBETTA OPTICAL CO,
991 Ma-.-iet St.
CA*UrO5*ffXA OPTICAI, CO,
205 Keamy St.
OEO. H. KAHS, .t
20X Kearay St. A
KE2TBY 1CAH3T tt CO. ,
(The Ocularium), k
6-12 Market St.
HOGXfE OPTICAI. CO,
? 311 Post St. > T
BZSSCS ft KAISEB,
7 Kearny St. >
STAltDABD OPTICAL CO,
217 Kearny St.
BSaTXLXNO OPTICAI. CO,
30KMIAN
.SOLD EVER.YWHERZ.
HILBERT MEKCANT1LE CO
Pacific Coast A Bents. •¦ .
EZM TTfi*fcJ |3A V?k Jl lull nMB^ V4H
ESa tf ifc(R%jCcj^W3ICTR-Pii fit tB Kfl
i B T ilSs ' va raiO
E9 v A HH n*l i **M i *^^D ¦ ¦ f*^^H , §¦ \ . *
Fi%b— <fljpiful..jar**3 P& ft. \ Jw
Tobacco Heart
may be cured. Don't neglect your
symptoms. Dr. Miles' Heart Cure
. is a great heart and blood tonic about
which you will leant a great deal and also
about heart trouble by sending postal tor
free book on diseases of tbu h art and nerre*.
Or. MlLEd SlioiCAU Co.. Elkhurt, Ind. •FAMILIAR FIGURE IN FINAN
CIAL CIRCLES "WHO DIE5D
YESTERDAY.
A curious relic of the Baldwln-ZIegler
polar expedition, which returned last Au
gust, haa been received by the American
Consul at Bergen, Norway. It is a mes
sage from Mr. Baldwin, dated June 11,
1902, from Camp Zlegler, Franz Josef
Land, asking for more coal, hay, fried
fish and sledges.
This message, neatly written on a small
piece of parchment, was Inclosed In a cop
per tube, which was inserted In a large
cork, shaped like a top, -with a copper peg,
which made it float like a miniature buoy.
The cork top was picked up at Vopua
fjord, Iceland, by a farmer, who handed
It to a merchant, and the latter, carrying
out the instructions conveyed in the mes
sage, forwarded it, under date May 20,
19G3, to E. S. Cunningham, the United
States Consul at Bergen.— Public Ledger.
Arctic Relics.
Gossip has already bejjun over the meet
ing of Fltz?immons and Gardner the
trickiest fighters in the business. A ques
tion has been raised as to Fitzsimmons*
ability to make 168 pounds. On the day
after he arrived here from Chicago be
fore the Jeffries-Corbett fight he weighed
200 pounds. He wore a silk hat and frock
cult. Allowing fifteen pounds for the
¦weight of his clothes, it would still leave
him seventeen pounds to take off. It is
not supposed for a nr.oment that a man
so crafty aa Fitzsimmons would bind him
self to make a weight lower than he could
do. He worked on Gardner to sign "win
ner take all." but the Lowell man would
not asrree to this. They finally settled
upon 75 and 25 per cent.
Eddie Hanlon was about town yester
day lookirjr much the worse for wear
Efter his sensational fight with Yanger
on Tuesday evening.
The amount of punishment Hanlon has
takm in his important rights must in
evitably tcr«d to make his career in the
ring a short and a bri'liant one. It was
the consensus of opinion yestrrflay that
the man who whips Hanlon must devote
all his attention to his head. He has a
perfect defense for the body and few
blows get beyond his arms or his elbows.
It is expected his next opponent will
be Young; Corbett. While the latter had
money he would not talk fight. Having
spent what he won fichtlng and at the
racetrack, he is open for another ring
engagement. He will probably be seen
' here in December.
Punishment He Took in Defeat
ing Benny Yanger.
HANLON MAY FIGHT
"CORBETT" IN DECEMBER
Californian Shows tlie Effects of the
MISS BESSIE ANTHONY
DEFEATS HER OPPONENT
Miss Fanny Osgood Is Looked Upon
as Probable Winner of Golf
Tournament.
•WHEATON, 111., Sept. 30.— Two rounds
of eighteen holes each through a cold
¦wind and drizzling rain tried the strength
as well as the golfing skill of the players
in the women's national tournament to
day. The features of to-day's play were
the defeat of Mrs. Caleb' Fox of Hunting
ten Valley by Miss Bessie Anthony, the
"Western champion, and Miss L. A. Weils
of Brookline, runner-up to Mrs. Stout in
last year's tournament, at the hands of
Miss "Johnny" Carpenter of Westward
Ho. '¦:,'' '"
Miss Anthony disposed of Mrs. Tt. H.
Barlow of the Merion Cricket Club In clev
er fashion in the morning round and her
general play through the day makes her
a strong favorite of the Western players
for the finals. Miss Fannie Osgood of
Brookllne won both of her games so
handily that she is looked upon as a very
probable winner of the championship.
Mls« Oegoocl's and Miss Anthony's medal
scores were the best of the day and
showed high class golf.
Washington State Fair Races.
NORTH YAKIMA, Wash.. Sept. 30.—Sum
mary of the Washington State Fair races to
day:
2:18 pace — Polka Dot won. Ben Surba sec
ond. Portia Knight third. Time— 2:14%. 2:15,
2:1414.
Special free-for-all pace— Rita H won. Bam
Bowers second, Francisco third. Time —
2:15%. 2:11%.
Half mile, running — Senatorial won, Merteila
Beyond, Irish Queen third. Time. :54.
Three-quarters of a mile, selling — Sally Good
win won, Remark second, Modder third. Tlm«,
1:11%.
SIX CHINESE FISHERS
/ A SENT BACK TO CHINA
They had Students' Certificates, But
Were Obliged to Work as Com
mon Laborers.
Six Chinese fishermen recently arrived
from Alaska were ordered deported yes
terday by United States Court Commis
sioner Heacock. They presented certifi
cates showing that they had been admit
ted to this country as students and testi
fied that after having studied a while
their | funds gave out ¦ and . they were
obliged to work for a living,
j Judge Heacock said that it was the in
tention of the exclusion act in making
an exception in the case of students to
allow only genuine students admission,
with the proviso that on the completion
of thair studies they should return to
China. Every Chinese person, continued
the Judge, who comes here as a student
is reaulred to be able to support himself
without becoming a laborer.
There" are 115 Chinese fishermen await
ing trial on the charge of being illegally
in. the country, the majority of whom
have no papers at all.
i Ninety per cent of the inhabitants of
tVestern and Central Africa are Moham
medans, and every man of note In Cen
tral Africa owns slaves, his station In, life
being rated by the number of slaves he
owns and the wives he possesses. When
the girls- reach the age of 13 years they
are, as a rule, wedded.
Palace Hotel Property Mortgaged.
A mortgage was filed for record yester
day covering a loan of $900,000 made to
the Sh,aron Estate Company by. the Hl
bernia Saving's and Loan' Society. ' The
security given for the mortgage Is the
Palace n Hotel property. Another Im
portant transaction in. which the Sharon
Estate Company Is Involved was made a
part of the public record • yesterday when
a deed was filed by that corporation
transferring to Hartland Law a lot on the
northwesterly side of Mission street, near
New Montgomery. The lot has a frontage
of 143 feef and the price paid for it sev
eral months ago was 5430,000. A mortgage
was also recorded whereby Law gives the
property as security for 1 the ' purchase
price for the land.
Among the bankers i and financial men of
the city no man was better known than
was "Chris" Curtis. In the early 'SO's he
was the friend and business confidant of
Senator Stanford. Flood and other capi
talists of the time. Everybody who had
dealings with the banking concern with
which he was connected knew Curtis even
better than the higher officers of the
house, and on . the street he was a fa
miliar figure among the stock brokers and
moneyed men. Dressed in his uniform of
vault clerk, Curtis was seen daily in the
company of men who can sign their check
for a sum up in the six figures.
Curtis was born in Brunswick, Me., in
1S52, the son of John Curtis, a famous sea
captain of the New England coast. At an
early age he went in his father's ship to
France and there received his early edu
cation. Quitting school at the age of 16
years, young Curtis traveled extensively
in his father's ships until he reached
young manhood, when he found himself
in San Francisco. Being temporarily em
barrassed, Curtis obtained employment as
a postoffiee mail carrier until he entered
the service of the California Safe Deposit
and Trust Company, in 1S80. The position
of vault clerk he obtained at that time
he filled without any break until his
death.
Besides his reputation in financial cir
cles Curtis was a prominent figuro in fra
ternal lodges. He was a member of King
Solomon Lodge of the Free and Accepted
Masons of this city, a member of the Na
tional Union and also a conspicuous fig
ure in Fidelity Lodge, Ancient Order
United Workmen. The local lodge of Ma
sons of which Curtis was a member will
conduct the funeral services from Masonic
Temple on Friday.
Curtis leaves a wife, residing at the
family home, 1516 Masonic avenue, besides
Fix children— John, Letitla, Sadie, Mazle,
Christopher Jr. and Lena. William J.
Curtis, his brother, is a well-known law
yer of the New York firm of Sullivan &
Cromwell, who recently asked Andrew
Carnegie to withdraw his offer of a li
brary to the town of Brunswick, Me., in
order .that he himself might have the
honor of being the donor.
the California Safe Deposit and
Trust Company for twenty-three years
and a familiar figure in the financial cir
cles of the city. After suffering from
heart trouble for more than a year the
deceased was suddenly stricken with a
severe attack last week, which culminated
in his passing "to his eternal sleep after
a long and useful career. • .
A FEW minutes after midnight yes
terday morning the hand of
death Btayed the life of Christo
pher S. Curtis, vault clerk for
EAELIEST KNOWN USE
OF FORKS FOR EATING
They Were ' Not Very Common in
England : Before the year
1815.
It seems strange that the use of forks
began only with our easily remembered
forefathers; that the Greeks and Romans
did not know anything about them, and
that In the Far Eastern countries their
use is still unknown. Up to the fifteenth
century they were known only in Italy.
Elizabeth had three "forks garnished
with gold slelghtly," and with "lyttle
perles pendant," but they were consider**
as curiosities and never used. Indeed, in
that era it was considered bad form, and
ministers contended that to use them was
an insult to God. What were our fingers
for? In Thomas Coryates'. "Crudites,"
published originally in 1608, is this:
"I observed a custom in all those Ital
ian cities and towns through which I
passed that is not used in any other coun
try that I saw in my travels; neither do I
think that any other nation- in Christen
dom doth use it but in Italy. The Italian,
and also most strangers,, do always at
their meals use a little forke when 'they
cut their meats. For while with their
knife, which they do . hold In one. hand,
they cut the meate out of. the dish, they
fasten the forke, which they hold in the
other hand, upon the same dish; so what
soever he be that, sitting in the company
of others at meals, j should inadvisedly
touch the dish of meats with his fingers,
from which all the table do cut, he will
give occasion of offense to all the com
pany, "as having ' transgressed the laws
of good manners, in so much that for his
error he shall be at the least browbeaten,
If not reprehended in wordes. This form
of breeding, I understand, generally used
in all places of Italy, their . forkes being
for the most part made of iron, steele and
Bome of sHver; but these are used only
by gentlemen. The reason for this curi
osity is because the Italian cannot by any
means lndure to have his meate touched
with fingers, seeing that all men's fingers
are not alike cleane."
Not until the' middle of the seventeenth
century did England's nobility begin the
use of forks, but they came into use
slowly," and even- In the early; part of the
eighteenth century gentlemen who travel
ed carried a knife and fork, because the
inns were not likely to have them. About
1815 forks. became quite common In Eng
land and In Europe and soon became to
be considered generally as a necessity.—
"Washington Star.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, September 30.
8tmr Asuncion, Uridgett. 36 hours from Re
dondo. . ; ..
- . SAILED.
Wednesday, September SO.
Stmr , Brunswick, Johnson, Fort Brase.
Etmr South Bay, Jamieson, - Eureka, *
An open stake with seventy-two entries
will be run at Union Coursing Park on
Sunday. The first prize will be $100. There
will be $19 prizes for the dogs beaten in
the first round by the ultimate winner
and runner-up. The draw last night re
sulted as follows: *
Open stake, seventy-two entries — Vina vs.
Rubber Ar.kles; Mike Rice vs. Kittleman;
Belle Free vs. Remisso Animo; Flaunt vs. Ml
Amigo; Presidio Boy vs. lone Hill; Ragtime
vs. Golden Light; Free From Flaw vs. Concord
Boy; Atht»a vs. Consort; Golden Links vs.
Fanr.ie Hughle: Flora Helfe vs. War Ea*le;
Sea Lion vs. Concord Tralee; Th**lma vs. Game
Boy; My Grafter vs. Rocklln Boy; Gambit vs.
Rapged Actor: Tralee Boy vs. Sempronius; Du
hallow vs Trixie; Dorothy M vs. Meddlesome;
Fenii vs. Sir Pasha; America vs. Reno; Char
ter Member vs. Articulate; Kastlake vs. Reck
less Acrobat; llelro»e vs. Jingle Bells; Ella
May vs. Agitator; Special vs. St. Conn; Fon,
tenoy vs. Snapper Garrison; LJttle Jack vs.
Our Motto; Sisklyou vs. Frisky Barbara; Red
Pepper vs. Wattles; Moonbeam, vs. Beluga;
Silver Cloud vs. Cubanola; Vandal vs. Roy
Hushie; Eoots vs. Honest John; Lord Granard
vs Old Ironsides; Luxury vs. Raby Aurora;
Mickey Free vs. John Heenan; Warco vs.
Barge.
Evenly Matched Greyhounds in the
Running This Week at TJnion
Park.
SEVENTY-TWO ENTRIES
FOB COTTBSING STAKE
Life's Work of Familiar
Figure Is Brought
to an End.
Then earner t'hfe inevitable 1 deposition, or
attempted" deposition. Like thdse offered
on the previous day, the response to
evexy question except a few purely infor
mal ones was "I refuse to, answer." Af
ter! the ojuestions and the Inevitable an
swer had been read the witness was asked
why he had refused to answer. He said
he did not propose to be put up as a tar
get for all sorts of Improper questions.
He admitted later, however, that the
questions asked were not Improper, but
said that he acted under advice of an
attorney. -
The noon hour was now reached and an
adjournment was taken until 1:30. Sev
eral witnesses were sworn and testified
during the afternoon, but nothing other
than corroborative evidence was brought
out.
MADERA, Sept. 30.— At 4 o'clock this
afternoon the plaintiff's case In chief in
the suit of Roberts vs. ;the Fresno Demo
crat Publishing Company was closed, with
the reservation .that further testimony in
relation to express malice would be in
troduced' if the- court should. rule that It
was proper. • • s s
This morning Thurman identified a dia
gram made of the kitchen of his house,
and the diagram was used in- the exami
nation. Thurman further described the
shooting, and said that he "would never
forget the face of the burglar. As Sheriff
he had made an effort to catch him, al
though, he. had never sent out any 'de
scriptions. But wherever he had'gone he
had kept a watch- for the man who sought
his life in his own house on j that eventful
morning. ¦ "
Thurman described his business rela
tions with the Roberts family. Nearly all
the lumber he used was bought from the
sugar pine eompany.'the successor to. the
Madera Flume and Trading Company.
Witness had, talked vjlth^ Return Roberts
and also with'E." H. Cox*, formerly cash
ier of the Commercial (Roberts') Bank,
about the; sfiri&ting.'i At'fhe : prelent time
witness' wasi indebted to the bank.' ; '• '.
Sheriff Thurman Describes Shooting
and Declares He Will N"ever
Forget Burglar's Face.
PLAINTIFF'S CASE CLOSED
IN MADERA LIBEL SUIT
Yesterday Andy Meehan, whose name is
on the deed as a witness, denied that he
ever affixed his signature to any such
document. Several other witnesses were
examined as to their having seen Duffy in
Nome and as to their knowledge of the
steamer on which Duffy left the Arctic
regions in the year In which the alleged
deed was made. They denied point blank
having seen Duffy on the vessel which
the defendants claim he left Nome on.-
Further evidence will be taken in the
case to-day. • . •
Duffy's testimony was a flat contradic
tion of the evidence of the miner and the
well-known attorney. He said he never
made any deed and that the signature on
the document shown him was not his sig
nature, t-.'i ~
The supposed deed was made, according
to the evidence so far adduced, In the of
fice of Attorney Metson at Nome. Duffy
was paid $20,000 for his interest, receiving
the money from John Brynteson, one of
L.indeberg's partners. A few days a^o
Brynteaon Identified the deed, when It vrug,
offered In evidence, and testified to hav
ing carried the purchase price of the mine
from the office of the Pioneer Mining
Company to the office of Attorney Met
scn and there paying It over to Duffy in
exchange for the_deed. Attorney Metson
testified in a like* strain and also identi
fied the deed.
The suit Involving valuable mining
property on Anvil Creek, near Nome,
Alaska, which is now on hearing in Judge
Graham's court. Is attracting considerable
Interest because of the mass of evidence
that is being offered, by Campbell, Metson
& Campbell, the attorneys * representing
Jafet Lindeberg, the defendant In the
suit. It all tends to prove that Llndoberg
Is the owner of the disputed property, and
that It was deeded to him by Thomas
Duffy, though the latter, who is the plain
tiff in the action, claims that he never ex
ecuted any deed and that he is entitled to
a share of the gold dust that Llndeberg
and his four associates took out of the
mine, v -
"Twice the crew wanted to mutiny, and
¦when thpy were not planning to rebel
epainst the majesty nf the British mari
time laws our' minds were dwelling on
the prospect of the ship going to the bot
tom. I had a delightful time." and Bishop
shuddered as he recalled his twenty-eight
<lay« on tfre old ship ard the many expe
riences that developed out of them.
"Not for me," was his emphatic asser
tion when asked last. n5g:ht whether he
was planning another Journey by the wa
ter route.
Young Bishop briefly explained his un
expected return l>y saying- that the cap
tain cf the Gnntock Rock was not long
In realizing that his American apprentice
w«s not of the rinht material to make
a deep sea sailor and readily released his
cabin -bey when the -ship reached the
Bound. In twenty-four hours Bishop was
aboard a train bound for this city and
makin? all kind of resolutions not to
erain venture bej-ond the guard rails of
the harbor wharves.
Then followed a long sick spell, during
tvhich he was confined to his bunk In
the dingy forecastle. Meanwhile his
many. Eyxnpathiztng friends in this _city
vrere speculating as to his whereabouts
en the ma. for the--Oantock Rock Is a
flow going vessel and had made poor pro
gress up the coast. Four weeks passed
and no word was received from Bishop
by his friends, who began to be alarmed
at'the failure of the Oantock to report
afher northern destination. Finally, aft
er* twenty-eight days of uneasiness, the
welcome news came that the ship had
reached the Sound. Still there was .no
message from Bishop and his fate was
Ufe subject of discussion among acquain
tances up to a late hour last evening,
•when the joyful tidings flitted over the
local telephone wires that connect the
bachelor Quarters of a number of his
friends that Charley Bishop was again
in- "San Francisco..
Locking much the better for his sea
trip, Bishor> came down from tlie north
<rz. the Orecon express last night and
quietly boardlne a car hastened out to
the borne of his parents, where It Is need-
Jess 'to etate a rejentinp father pladly
wc-lcomed the son back to his fireside.
Tie prodigal son has returned and if
the cnef of the Hotel Pleasanton knows
bis business the choicest parts of the fat
tt 1 calf are already hanging upon the
hooks in his butcher shop preparatory to
a feast to-nicht.
Chcxles Bishop, son of Ira Bishop, one
cf this city's leading business men, Is
aeain warming his feet at tho . parental
fireside after a month's absence on the
fcigh seas, and If "present signs count for
anything there will be no more mariner's
adventures in the future Itinerary of this
young man. On August 22 young Bish
op after a disagreement with his father,
resultant of his failure to haeten the har
visting of his wild oats, the son appren
ticed himself aboard the British Bhlp
Gr.r.tock Rock as cabin boy, and the fol
lowing day the soggy old vessel, buffeted
about by the high rolling seas, was mak
ing her way slowly northward along the
coast en route to Puget Sound.
The voyage upon which Bishop had em
barked was to terminate at the end of
fourteen months In Liverpool, provided
the vessel was fortunate enough to ; keep
above sea, which many feared was not to
be her fate, and during that long period th6
American apprentice was to faithfully
serve his master, and for that matter,
every one else on board, in the capacity of
assistant to the chip's cook. Two days
at his new taEk furnished Bishop, who
bad been accustomed to all the comforts
that a rich man's Bon can expect, with
enjough experience as a mariner to last
lilm for the balance of his life and started
Trlthin him a strong desire to again tread
the marble floors of the Palace court and
the bituminized pavements of his native
city. As be sadly contemplated his mls
«rable lot during his hours off watch in
the forecastle and heard the balance of
the vessel's crew plotting mutiny, Eish
cp's longing- for home grew with the
nauseating feeling that overtook him as
the ship rolled and cre-iked on her north
ward voyage.
At Sherith Israel Rabbi Nleto addressed
a large congregation, and 'also spoke on
the. meaning and. significance of atone
ment.
The. Bush-street Synagogue was crowd
ed, and , the sermon -preached by Rabbi
Isadore Myers was on ''Vital Questions
of the Day.", ' .
The religious music in all ' the syna
gogues was very beautiful, and In numer
ous instances the melodies were several
hundred years old. " The altars. and arks
were elaborately mantled In white "sill^.
There will be services In all the syna
gogues the whole of to-day, and the fast
will terminate this evening at 6 o'clock.
The. services were profound last night
and the sermons delivered by -the rabbis
were thoughtful. They breathed , charity
and good will toward all men, while giv
ing thanks for the Innumerable -blessings
that have poured down upon the .children
of Israel during the last year.
Rabbi Voorsanger preached a sermon at
Temple Emanu-El on. "The Voice and the
Way," theparabje of Elijah' in the storm,
and bade his' hearers atone in their pri
vacy and outside the temple where, the
storm was encountered. There it was . that
they should make their atonement, ' he
said. . .¦'. ' ' .-. \
At sundown yesterday the Jewish com
munity of the city began a twenty-four
hours 1 fast, the' occasion being the" eve
of "the day of atonement." Every, syna-'
gogue was crowded and the services, were
followed with devoutness* As a matter
of fact, with the evening began- a. day of
absolute abstinence and of prayer, and
contemplation. hl } :'K< ; ¦ ¦ ';¦ >
Total Abstinence Will Be
Observed for Twenty-
Four Hours.
Son of * Local ' Capitalist Is
Restored to Parental
Fireside. t '
Suit Over Mineral Holding
Produces Strange
Testimony.
Nome Miner Claims He
Never Signed Dis
puted Deed.
Eve of Day of Atone
ment Sees Devout at
Worship.
Twenty-Bight Days on
High Seas Sufficed
His Ambition.' .
BISHOP FAILS
AS CABIN BOY
HEBREWS BEGIN
RELIGIOUS FAST
DENIES ACTING
AS A WITNESS
SHARPERS BOOM
MYTHICAL TOWN
HASHIM CHARGED
WITH ROBBERY
Dispose of Worthless
Lands to Eastern
Investors.
Manager Is Chased in
Streets" arid Taken
. to Jail.
Trac-is His 'Misfortunes to
. the Desertion of His
• ¦ ¦ . - --;"
Wife.
Victims Send an Attorney
to Kern County to Look •
Up Their Properties.
BAKERSFTELD, Sept. SO.— Carroll Hol
man Keller, an attorney of Philadelphia,
was here to-day In the Interest of certain
persons in that city who years ago were
induced to purchase lots of a mythical
town called Santa Marguerita located in
this county. The scheme was floated by
Eastern promoters and the town existed
only on paper, the lands now being In
habited by lizards and horned toads a
glowing prospectus showed a finely t-ulit
town with handsome substantial buildings
and well-paved streets was issued and
thousands of dollars were invested. Re
cently some of the victims read in a
Philadelphia paper that some lands had
been sold In the vicinity of Bakersfleld
for $13,000 an acre and sent Keller here to
investigate. No such sale has been made
and the lands Included In the mythical
town of Santa Marguerita have longr since
lap»ed to the State for unpaid taxes.
TWO MEN IN CUSTODY
CHARGED WITH SWINDLING
The annual meeting of the Red Cross
Society of San Francisco will be held at
16C0 California street on Saturday, Oc
tober 3. To facilitate ' the work of for
warding literature to the Philippines the
annual dues of the society are now being
collected and a report will be made- at
the coming meeting.
Bed Cross Meeting.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Sept. 30.— Deserted by his
friends, without money and facing star
vation, the crowning: blow to the misfor
tunes of Salem : George Hashim, once a
well-known theatrical manager, come yes
terday, when he was arrested after an
exciting chase In the streets, charged
with . having robbed . a man and using a
hatchet as a weapon. To the desertion of
his wife, whom he professes to love more
than his own life, he attributes much of
his hardship.
Ilashlm" was in a starving condition yes
terday, .morning when he sent word to
Isaa : M. Cohen of 629 Sixth avenue, who
sells jewelry and does a pawnbroklng'
business. Cohen went to 224- West Thirty
eighth street, where Hashim rents a fur
nished room. No sooner had Hashim
closed the door than he locked It. Cohen
.says, and taking a hatchet from a closet
he" brandished It. over Cohen's head and
threatened to kill Mm unless he gave him
a gold watch and a $300 diamond ring
which belonged to Hashim and which Co
hen had fin his possession. The Jeweler
•says he did as he was requested, as he
feared Hashim would kill him. Quickly
opening the" door Hashim ran Into the
street, followed by Cohen, who shouted
for help.~ Hashim started for Broadway,
a "crowd at his heels. At Thirty-sixth
street he turned, and Policeman Rlnn and
George Lawlor, a special policeman,
caught him.
Hashim was born in Egypt and Is high
ly educated. He was married to Maude
Gertrude Rice In San Francisco. For sev
eral years he was Interested in theatrical
ventures with hi3 brothers, Najlb and A.
A. Hashim. At one time they managed
the Academy of Music In Washington,
the Park Theater in Philadelphia and
Koster.& Bial's in this city. Recently
they had the St. Nicholas Rink. Hashim
said he lost $40,000 in four years in his
ventures. Magistrate Pool held him In
$3000 bonds for examination.
Newspaper Artists Claim P. Howard
and Edward Bostwick Collected
Without Authority.
P. Howard, a race track follower, and
Edward P. Bootwick, alias E. J. Hughes,
were arrested last evening by Detectives
Freel and Bunner. Several days ago com
plaint was made to the police by Manager
Leggett of the art exhibition to be given
by the Newspaper Artists' Association of
San Francisco at the "Palace Hotel on Oc
tober 6, that the two men in custody had
been circulating among the leading men
of this city and securing subscriptions for
the purpose of placing pen and Ink
sketches of them at the exhibit. Mr. Leg
gett maintains that they were acting
without authority and he intends to pros
ecute them on charges ot obtaining: monay
on false pretenses.
A circular received from the American
Cartoonist Magazine of Denver, Colo., of
fers a reward of $100 for information that
will convict Howard and Bostwlck. who,
it is claimed, were operating in that city
with the same kind of a swindle.
"Woman's suffrage Is now a fact In
New South Wales," says Consul Godlng,
"but as yet the women do not take kindly
to It. In this district thirty-nine women
only have taken out electoral rights."
C.S.CURTIS
SUMMONED
BY REAPER
ENCOURAGEMENT
FOR ATHLETES
St. Ignatius Gymnasium
Is Thrown Open to
Members.
Citizens Gather in Force
and Enjoy Viewing
'' Institution.
, Without ceremony but with much 'cor
diality St. Ignatius Gymnasium, 311
Franklin street, was opened last night.
From early in the evening until past 10
o'clock an immense assemblage responded
to the Invitations to attend the interest
ing proceedings. The gymnasium, which
has already been fully described in the
columns of The Call, is one of the hand
somest . and . most complete in the coun
try. -There, is ..everything that the mod
ern athlete can desire, even .to the Rus
sian baths 'and a swimming j>ool and pri
vate baths in plenty. The gymnasium
itself is a model of excellence. Last night
ladies were invited to participate in the
auspicious occasion, but never again will
the' fair, sex be privileged to, grace trie
training ground of the- young men of the
Ignatius Sodajity.- * ' =
• There -was a -band and' there was an
army , of youths who exhibited their prow
ess by' climbing high ladders handover
hand, turnirfgr into all conceivable shapes
on trie horizontal bars and 'otherwise in
dulging their dexterity with -the aid of
ropes ¦ and handbars. :•¦'¦» •
\ The visitors were escorted -throughout
the building and x- a'ther Hickey and" Fath
er Woods and other priests and officers
j>t the Gentlemen's Sodality who were
present received 'congratulations for the
excellence of the equipment and also
for the perfect of the whole
institution. - '.'¦¦ .
THE COPPEB INDUSTRY
OF THE UNITED STATES
Production Heavier Last Year Than
in 1901; Also the Con- >
sumption. ¦ ••
In his report to the United States Geo
logical Survey on the production of cop
per in 1902, Charles Kirchhoff says that
the coppef mining industry of the United
States suffered during 1902 from the reac
tion which followed the unsuccessful at
tempt during 1901 to maintain the value of
the metal at an artificial level. The col
lapse which came toward the close of 1901
left many producers committed to sales
covering a long perio'd,. at low prices,
with the menace of heavy accumulations
of metal constantly over the market. Yet
production was heavier during 1902-'than it
had been in 1901, because some of the im
portant mines were worked to full capa
city and because some of the., enlarge
ments and improvements previously be
gun became .effective during' the year.
Furthermore, a number of new enter
prises first produced important quantities
of metal. On the other hand, accidents
and. labor troubles cut down the outputs
of some of the larger undertakings. Un
less unforeseen events cause widespread
or prolonged stoppage of -operations at
the mines, Mr. Kirchhoff thinks that the
production of copper in the United States
will be considerably larger in 1903 than it
has ever' been. , The Lake Superior dis
trict.will yield, considerably more copper;
-Arizona is expected to return a consider
ably larger product; Utah may reach a
total of 35,000,000 pounds, and Wyoming,
Nevada, Colorado, New. Mexico and the
Southei-n States will report an: increase: ,
Tho consumption of copper in the United
States .was enormous in 1902. It was
larger also in other leading industrial
countries. "
As compared with 263,782 long tons in
1901, the total production of copper in tho
United States in 1992 was 2'J4,423 long tons,
of which the Lake Superior district pro
duced 76,165, or 25.9 per cent; Montana,
12S.975 long tons, or 43.8 per cent, and Ari
zona, 53,547 long tons, or 1S.2 per cent.
This is an increase in the total produc
tion of 25,641 long tons, or nearly 10 per
cent, as compared with 1901.
Utah is forging to the front as one of
the most important copper States, and it
is notably in' the Bingham camp that de
velopment has been most rapid.
Only small .quantities of copper ore
have been shipped from Alaska to Puget
Sound smelters, but it is known that
large deposits of, .copper ore exist, whoso
development is being taken seriously in
hand.
The imports of copper ore In 1902 were
valued at $7,:>zl,G41, as compared with $14,
394,663 in 1901, and the imports of copper
in bars, ingots, pigs and in manufactured
forms were valued at 512,804,021, as com
pared with $11,820,439 in 1901. The exports
of domestic copper in . different forms
were valued at $46,811,729 in 1902, as com
pared with $36,071,448 in 1901. The exports
from Baltimore, Md., increased from 54,
377,355 pounds in 1901 to 103,607,256 pounds
in 1902, and from New York the increase
was from 133,540,150 pounds in 1S01 to 238,
622,515 pounds in 1902.
In the . aggregate the reporting mine*
had a stock of 155,665,652 pounds of copper
on January 1, 1903, as compared with 282,
014,297 pounds on January 1, 1902, a decline
of over 126,000,000 pounds during 1902.
The estimated consumption in 1902 was
551,688,191 pounds, as compared with 3S2,
761,014 pounds in 1901, and with 356,891,121
pounds in 1900. The average selling price
of lake copper during 1902 was 11.86 cents
per pound. ;] y ¦-¦''
Getting Even.
She was a sharp-eyed, independent lit
tle woman, and if the conductor had been
a reader of character he would have
known better than to try, to match his
wits against hers.
She; had ridden two blocks before- the
conductor got around to ask for her fare.
"This is ad far aa I; want to go," she
said. "I'll get off here." \V .;
"But you can't get off without paying
your fare," said the conductor stupidly.
"I. can't, eh," she answered. "Well, let
me see you collect it."
She made for the door, but the conduc
tor barred her way and refused to pull
the bell rope.
"You stop this car or you'll be sorry
for it," she exclaimed angrily.
After a couple of blocks more the con
ductor pulled the rope and said, " some
what sheepishly:
"You must pay your fare before you
can get off," the conductor kept repeat
ing.
That was all he could think to say.
"Very well," said the woman, plumping
herself down in a seat again. "I guess I
can ride free as far as you can afford to
carry, me."
"You might^s well get off here, then,
if you won't pay your fare."
The woman stepped haughtily to the
street, and then turning, with a smile said
sweetly: ' ......
"This is really the corner that I
wanted. "I knew you'd carry me a block
or. two. after I told you I wouldn't pay, so
began the quarrel early."
As the conductor gave the rope two
especially vicious Jerks she called after
him: •
"I wouldn't have done 1 it if you hadn't
carried me a block past' my street yes
terday."—Buffalo Express.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALIi, THUKSDAY, OCTOBER 1, 1903.
6
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Of the CONDITION AND AFFAIRS of the
INSURANCE COMPANY pjjjn , : WJ y w i nivr^
Ct F HARTFORD. IN THE STATE OF llKC AIM/ JflAKlINE
*-" Connecticut, oa the 31st day cf December. iu*lin»unr .aiimuu
A. D. 1902. and for the year encllng on that INSURANCE COMPANY
fiay. as made to the Insurance Commissioner .
of the StSte of California, pursuant to the pro- r\ F SPRINGFIELD, IN THE STATE OV
v!«lon3 of sections 610 and 611 of the Political v* Massachusetts, on tha 31st day of Decem-
Code, condensed aa per blank furnished by the Jg A^D -J^"- *g IZS
Commissioner: eioner of the StatA of California, pursuant to
CAPITA!.. the provisions of Sections 610 and «ll of the
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up . • ?l oI 1 !i'F a I ! Cbde. condensed aa per blank fur-
in Cash • $1,000,000 00 Bkhed by th« Commissioner.
-= CAPITA!*
ASSETS. Amount of Capita: Stock, paid up
Real Estate owned by Company... $ 373,600 73 in Cash $2,000.000 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages... C80.463 00 -
Ca?h Market Value of all Stocks ASSETS.
and bonds owned by Company.. 4.277.3S2 00 Real Estate owned by Company.. $ 227.30O 00
r,.h m TomMnr 1 . O(»-« ....... 918 40 Loar.s on Bonds and Mortgage. C33.03O OO
Cash in Company" ytn-o Ca3h Market value of all Stocks
Cash in Banks *•*"•'" ~ and Bonds owned fcy Company.. 4,331.130 00
Premiums in due Course of Coll«c- Amount of Loans secured by
tlon 542.218 04 pledge of Bonds. Stocks and
__ • other marketable securities as
Total A^cts SOSWTl *i&gg&&M^;zJi\ 2 JS ft
T Cash in Banks SI 6,8 13 00
LIABILITIES. Interest due and accrued on all
Lcsses adjnsted and unpaid % ' 71.262 33 Stocks and Loans 30.731 37
I^,e- in rrocess of Adjustment or £ Interest on £
jLH^d.-VncVudln^exp^n;,; 23,806 45 *™«™ *. £ ««™. ot Col-
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- . Rents du» and accrued.. su c;»
nlng one year or less. $2,800.-- \ '. -
670 07; reinsurance 50 per cent. 1,400,333 4S Total Assets $8,134,301 8t
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- -'<• ,.„„«, =====
nlns more than one year. $3,134.- LIABILITIES.
156 54- reinsurance pro rata 1.723.29O 18 Losses adjusted and unpaid 43,163 33
He-rv-'for eonun^ncle.. £.000 00 %tt£S^£. a J££& 2^.515 31
All other liabilities 107. 5J4 83 j^,,,., reslsted> including expenses 34,703 33
x Gross premiums on Firo nisks
Total Inabilities ..., $3,654.530 9? running one year or less. $2. 1S.V
V - = 663 40; reinsurance 5<> per cent.. I.002.S31 Ti>
IjfCOME. Gross premiums on Fire Risks
.._. • ». _„?„, tiw received for Flr» running more than one year, $2.-
Nrt cash actually received ror inre _ 074.652 63: reinsurance pro rata. 1.133.821 83
premiums ••• .m.*i«.*»» « Commissions and Brokeraja duo
Received for Interest on Bonds and and to become due 12O.B7S 78
Mortgages ... ¦.;..•• 36,13637 .
Received for Interest and dividends Total Liabilities , $2,642.^21 J»
¦Z^^^n^r...^ 160.222 72 INXOME. ===
Received for Rents 18,121 65 Net cash actually received for
Received for profit on sale or ma- T , Flr ,e premiums .$2.910,3«O «5
Keceiveu l " " ** CO1S7 43 Received for Interest oa Bonds*
turity of ledger assets °° >IS7 43 and MortpaKea 27,308 60
' ¦ ..rnvM v> Received for Interest and dividends
Total Incoma $4,649,033 Z3 on Bonds. Stocks, Loans and
= from all other sources 138.333 SO
EXPENDITURES. Received for Rents 6. 167 ' 57
"£SSf Stm JtiTS • ::*«•< ..=°n».:........./......u™;
previous years) ,~VX^A <£ EXPEJJDnTRES.
Dividends to Stockholders... 120.000 00 Net ra!d for
Paid or allowed for Commission or (including $386,274 82. losses of '
Brokerage 797.247 63 previous yean) $1,703,110 78
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other Dividends to Stockholders 200.000 00
charges for officers, clerics, etc. 247.008 21 Paid or aUowed for Commission
Paid fo'r State. National and Local *>°™ »
taxes M7.BW* sw charges for officer*, dorks, etc. 133, S01 72
All other payment* end «xpendl- p a j<j f Or state. National and Local
tures -...- 344.24119 taxes 106,796 37
V .- __ All other payments and expendl-
Total Expenditures -. ..$3.789.971 00 tures ZTJ.tSl 16
- . Flre ~ Total Expenditures .....$2.991.227 78
Truces Incurred during the year.. $2,154,309 83 Fire.
Losses lncurrta a s_ Lwses incurred during the year.. $1.6©. 103 02
Risks and Premiums. I Fire Risks. Premium*. ¦ ¦, ,
risks ana *-r<=m nialu and Premiums. [ Flr«Rlslts. \ Premiums.
Net amounTTfl^
7£r* ¦ . *™ $570,422,357 $5,863,471 88 written during the I „
Net amount of Risks year ;u;v- $344,128,386 $4,147,138 83
evnired during the Net amount of Risks *
JAMES NICHOLS. President. A W DAMOV Pre*. "
B. R. STILLMAN. Secretary. & J; maCKAT. Se^
Subecribed and sworn to before me. this Subscribed and sworn to before me this 23d
12th day of January. 1903. day of January, 1903. PERCT S. GATES.
FRED B. SETMOUR. Notary Public. Notary Public
SAN FRANCISCOTCITY) AGENCY, SAN FRANCISC(T(CITY) AGENCY,
209SansomeSt. LOUIS L. JANES COMPANY, A6ENTS,
AHPEL & BRUCKuiAN, Agents. Hayward Building.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT,
306-310 - - - - - - HAYWARD BUILDING.
GEO. D. DORNIN, GEO. W. DORNIN,
Manager. Assistant Manager.
COOK BOOK OFFER TO
CLOSE OCTOBER 30.:
The Call's Cook Book prem-
ium offer will close on October
30, 1903, and all readers of this
paper who desire a copy of this
household treasure should not
fail to place their, order im-
mediately.
This splendid premium will
be offered to Call subscribers at
the exceptionally low rate of
fifty cents per copy. Out of
town orders twenty cents ad-
ditional to cover prepayment of
transportation charges. .
BRIDESMAID ROSES FREE WITH NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL]kEc£NTtY;<AjGCEPTE:D . a-. CALii' TQ". 'Raul's' ep.is-,-^
.7.: . €dPAL. ;T Crj(.U : RCli. Qy;p-AKLAN : i>' ANr> :^ r Hb"lV.REM;E.M;B.EREO. AS' A •¦¦'
: '".' • : HER0. Or? : A-NE;1^'-":YpRK H0jEL;Fi;RE.;:''V - •? ..•.<:-•.";•' i'y^Z&i&S':'.
Sainte-Beuve, detested rain. On one
occasion, when 'he had to* fight a duel, he
appeared; with' a pistol .in 1 one hand;- an
¦umbrella' in the other. • "I am willing to
be", shot," > he "exclaimed, "but not to get
wet.". -. \ . _ /. ' — '
Oxford and Cambridge Sell Degrees.
The most stupendous of all academic
frauds is none -other, .than* the. M.' A. de
gree of either Oxford or Cambridge. Year
by year hundreds of graduates exchange
the B. A. for M. A. without having added
one iota to their scholarship,' and merely
by virtue of payment of, money." From
this dubious source the universities* in
question derive a handsome but "wholly
indefensible revenue, to 'the disadvantage
of Condon M." A.'s, who have to face a
stiff examination. J.
It is surely an anachronism that a uni
versity should grant a supposed honor,
not as a reward for intellectual— or even
athletic— achievement, but solely In, order
to "raise the wind"— a . policy which-In
flicts grave disadvantages upon the poor
man who may have- taken - high, honors,
and yet be unable to buy a master's
gown. When Oxford and Cambridge abol
ish their bogus ; degrees; It will > be time
enough . to : censure ;, American-London
Dally News. • - . - - - ,
Longevity in the United States.
The United States census for 1900 finds
2S3C persons In the United States who are
300 or more years of age. The value of
these figures may be questioned and per
haps may be best estimated by the fact
that T2.8 per cent of the whole number are
negroes, many of whom have no reliable
evidence a* to the date of their birth.
They are but 11 per cent of the total pop
ulation. It seems Improbable, too, that
this country should have over 3500, when
Germany, with a population of nearly
65.000,000. has only 778. and England, with
32.000.000. only 146, and France, with 40
000,000, has only 211
Admiral -Watson " always prohibited
swearing on .the ves.sel where he happen
ed to be,- and if any Luckless officer.en
forced an order from the bridge with an;
oath, he was .called upon for a private
interview with his' superior. But another
matter in his squadron trgubled^the ad
miral. His was the flagship and yet the
men were sometimes the last to, finish
the execution of p. command or to carry
out a maneuver. One day when the se*a
men were behind in getting down front the
rigging he called the captain to" him..
"Why is it," he asked, "that here on
the flagship, where we oaght to be. tho
quickest, the men are behind the other
ships?"
While the officer was seeking. for an in
offensive reply, a volley of oaths came
floating across the water* from the cap
tain of the nearest ship.
"Well, you see, admiral, our men don't
get the right kind, of encouragement, sir." |
—New York Times. .—' -.. v 1
Not Properly Encouraged'..
One of the most striking objects, in the
exhibit of the Canadian Pacific Railway
at the Dominion Exposition is a gigantic
moose head that was shot by Mr. Fred
Southam of Montreal in the'Kippewa dis
trict, to the eastward of Lake Temiska
ming. . The span, of these antlers .is 62*4
inches, and the head would have gone 63
were it not that a small fragment has
been chipped off one horn in combat.
Only a few years ago sportsmen doubted
the existence of even a 00 inch head, but
for some unexplained reason moose heads
in Northern Quebec and in the lower
provinces appear to be larger now than
was the case a generation or two ago.
At any rate, this big bull carried a head
such as our grandfathers probably never
saw. Mr. Southam came upon the animal
at dusk one evening and killed it with
one shot from his little 30-30 Winchester.
It is hardly probable that any sportsmen
have seen such a big moose head, unless
it should have been one of the giant Alas
kan head3, which are, by the way, , car
ried by a different sub-species of moose.'—
Philadelphia Item. . ' .
Gigantic Elk Antlers.
When. the British-Boer war broke out
in 1899 the; British. Government claimed
tho Britannic ; for use as a transport. In
1900 "she was selected' to convey the im
perial corps/which escorted the Prince
of Wales on his tour- of -the 'colonies,
making the trip i of 29,000 miles.. This was
the end of her . military service, and
since then she -has been, lying' at Belfast.
: The Britannic between 1874 and 1S99
made, some 2G0 .voyages between New
York and Liverpool," crossing tne Atlan
tic .; more v than 500 . times. She traveled
about- 1,800.000 miles, or enough to take
her more than seventy times around the
world* arid "carried more than 200,000 pas
sengers. ¦ • - . , ;
s Tfie'.Britanrtic was ¦ built In 1874. and
soon after, being; built reduced the time
between Queenstowri and Sandy Hook, to
less thah eight .'days. -She established a
record for 'the' eastward voyage of seven
days s'lxtecri hours. '" " " ' '
The Brjtannic was considered- a wonder
in her day, not only for her speed, but
for 'size and luxury. She has used the
engines and* bojlers which' were put into
Tier when she. was built, never missing. a
day through accident or disability. ••
The Britannic made better time after
years of continuous service than, when
first put In service, making her. 31Sth
trip in September, • 1890, in seven days, six
hours and fifty-five minutes, breaking her
previous . record, made In 1888, of- seven
days, nine "hours and thirty minutes, af
terward crossing In seven days, six hours
and fifty-two minutes.
Her best westward record was made In
August, 1896, seven days, seven hours and
thirty minutes. Twenty-nine years of
service under her original engines and
boilers is a record not likely to be ap
proached, by ocean steamships* for>years
to, come. •
The "announcement, .that the. White* Star*
Line steamship Britannic is now on its last
y^y.age.m'arks' the passing" 6t one of the
most famous Atlantic ' steamships. She
.has just .sailed f,rpm. Belfast ior Bremen,
having. -been s.bld to a'-flrm to be broken
up/ -.•;.'." -..•.-.•».'<";. ',-i . .
The' Britannic \ Once.an 6cean Greyr'
'•'•.'} .hound; Is. *o'n -Her -Last '• • .
:•„¦ .'•.";' '.Voyage.;-*, •'.."•"
N0 o BLE. OLD .VESSEL • . "• *
.¦•;'.-¦'• -". TO.' BE.. SOLD AS JUNK
The. Bishop of Durham, presenting the
prizes at the Northeastern County School.
•Barnard Castle, spoke upon the value of
language and literature. He said there
was so little attention given to the King's
English that It was in danger. Only the
other day he was shown a letter from a
young clergyman of great ability and fair
position, and four-fifths of that letter he
was ashamed to say consisted of s'ang.
Slang was all very well in its place, but
tfce!very opposite when out of it. He be
sought them to- maintain pure English,
and preserve intact' the grandest lan
guage that ever wa.s. upon the earth.
When people got old they were disposed
to prophesy, • and he" sometimes thought
the English language would soon be noth
ing" else but slang and initials.—Washing
ton' Star.
The King's English in Danger.
VI 'have," •• and* the"" Attorney . Generar
•smiled.^is does .a .man .whose 'opportunity
has come, '.' but I cannot offer it. If this
'position has turned- your." friend's nose", a
better one woyld. turn his head." "
Thereafter, the politician and his friend,
re/erred to him as' Mr. Griggs.— New York
Commercial. ' .*• •' . ** ' "
"How does your friend like*, his job?"
asked the President's legal adviser a few
days later.*. * • . •
"WJhen I* 1 told him- what you offered,"
s'aid- tlie •politician, "he.'ttirned up his
noeer.'. H.ayen't you 'something. -better, for
him,' general?". . ". , ** '
: -" . Just Plain Grig-gs.
Whe.rf John W. (jriggs .was Attorney
General' in President McKinley's Cabinet
he broke o a 'long.^established precedent in
his departmeni. °rfe dotermin,ed to break
.his callers "of the habit they had of*ad
dressing "him.as"general."' >V -
"I have no cla'im on the military title,"
"said Mr. Gn'ggs.
One insistent politician paid no '.heed to
the attorney's request^. He. considered
"general" a good jolly, and by tliis means
persuaded* Mr. Gsiggs. as he thought, to
find a position for a friend. • •
The first step in the solution 'of the di
i.vorce problem .is described, by .Dr. .Hpwr
I ard°as follows:.* ,"':.'. ' '.
I Every county* ii* the United Stefe* should
¦ be. divided Into "districts," fo* each i >?l which"
ja reclstrar . should bo. appointed. -It -should
be "the duty of .".he -registrar to llcenjp, «olem-.
nlze' and register; all marriages poutrac-ted u*n/.
I «3er* civil oprocetlure "in° his "Uistri-^t and' to"
I Hcense, register. .'and "attend „ all . marriage^
;-»oIepinlzed by rtljfrloug •celebratior}.. .',..
1 . .The lawmaker .-Cannot reach the. foot of the
i -divorce evil. .We* find Rie causes for d-lvorces'
I planted deeply in • the-. social.. gystemt rartly'ln.
, a false sentiment'.regardins m'arrlai;r and farri
1 lly. and this can. -be . removed .only.- through
! rnorc.ratlonal'educatlon and some sott of*gov
ernment sur>ervislo"nV • ' • . . ' "...
• Thefe is In thin .country a sad lack .of-appre- .
elation of the functions of marriage. Not 'an.
much care'is exercised In' the union of Jiuhian
'beings as In the" brcedlns ot.flne animals. '.
- CHICAGO, S<?pt. ; '?.0.-Go\;ernroetital .ju
risdiction of marriages. is the.'.POlutlori "of
th.e divorce evil advocated by Dr." -George '
E. Jrjoward, pro'fessional "lecturer-, In Tils-'
•tcr'y at- the I-'niv'eraity'of. Chicagp and •fyr
mer.ly head of ."ihe. department of histury
it Leland Stanfo'rd Jr! University. Pro.
fes;or* Howard- publicly* announces- hi.s
in a work in three volumes', "eij
' titled "A ijistoryjof. Matrimonial Kisjjtu-'
tions," which will soon«be published. •"
•'• . * ••¦¦•".--". . . " • ..
s . SpecIaU.riiF.rn,loh *^o "Ehe Call.
. -FRESNO, .- Sept. «0.— When • the s.un.
rises to-morrow morning ".the long '.fight
wage'd against slot -machines in Fresno 1
County will'- end°- with one. of the mo"st !
signal. .-victories the- reform forces have
'ever gained'in California. Several months;
ago th'e last machine- disappeared* fr<jm
Fresno city.- .The- Superior Court Judges
sitting .in bamk* hande'd 'down a decision ;
that tip action to "recover, machines, that
iiad been seized by. officers would.be en-J
terjained. TJie officers stood neady" .to ;
seize. any machine 'that made it's appear
ance the last -mechanical gambler dls"-*
• appeared. .Now Sheriff Collins and DJs- j
trict Attorney Jones Have Issued orders :
that 'any machine found .in Speration' af
ter .to-day will be seized. Owners of the
machines* .will obey 'the. orcjer. . ' .
'Win thy .Figfh-t Agaihsjt'
;• .Slot I'vMa'chibeS' -, in"'
' ;'•¦; • Flfesno '. Gpunity. • ' • [
EJiv Howard- VEroposeS.
. •' Federal'. Jd'risdVc tion ••'-
•v /'"Qf-.Ma'rriages:' >;, :' {¦'
REFORM FORCES
GAIN A VICTORY
Which, is the oldest crew that ever
tailed? Some seamen would say it must
be that ghestly one which has for almost
three ccr.turies been trying to navigate
the Flying Dutchman round the Cape of
Good Hope; but. putting superstition
apide, an answer may be found in the
ship's company of the -William Crow of
Yarmouth, lost about three years ago off
Hartlepooi. The vessel carried four
hands, of whom the youngest was GS, the
ru-xt C3— these two did duty aloft — the cap
tain 70 and the cabin "boy" had attained
to the patriarchal age of 72.
This is reminiscent of crews supplied to
the ships of Commodore Anson's squad
ron when they were fitting out for his fa
mous voyage around the world. For this
purpose 500 invalids were ordered to be
collected from the out-pensioners of Cht-I
pc-a. and in answer to Anson's expostula
tions th* admiralty authorities of the day
told him j that they "thought them the
poorest men that coi^ld be employed on
this occasion." But a great number of
the r.ta themselves thought differently,
for, althocgb the whole were conveyed
to Port.'rr.outh. only 255 joined the squad
ron, for, as Anson's chronicler puts it,
fall those that had limbs and strength
deserted, leaving behind only such as were
literally invalids, most of them being 60
years of agp, and s*>me upward of 70."
Either from compulsion or from choice
some of the vessels of our mercantile ma
rine carry crews who. in a different way,
are almott ap helpless as those supplied
to Anson. Thus, at an inquiry recently
into the loss of a British bark it trans
pired that the helmsman at the wheel at
the time of the wreck was a foreigner, ig
norant of the Ergllsh language, with
whom no one on board the ship was capa
ble of communicating in his own tongue,
which was Spanish, and the man himself
was unable to convey to the court the
difference between port and starboard . •
But if we are surprised thus to hear or
a steersman who was dumb for all prac
tical purposes, what is to be said of . a
whole crew of blind men? The story— as
grisly a one as sea history holds— is told
by Buston, the great anti-slavery agi
tator, who says that in one Instance the
crew of a schooner making the Middle
Passage all caught ophthalmia from their
living freight, and the vessel groped help
lessly about the Atlantic until picked up
quite by chance.
A more cheerful tale of a curious kind
of crew came recently from Kiel, where
a Turkish corvette had been sent in con
nection with some repairs. The Turks on
board having exhausted both money and
credit, and being still without money
frcm their Government, stripped the ship
bare of everything pawnable in order to
purchase provisions, and, having done so,
were actually on the point of starvation
in port when diplomatic intervention pro
cured them funds from Constantinople.
It was a crew of Turkish women also
that worked the SOOO-ton steamship Zora
';uite recently, from Alcxandretta to Phil
adelphia, but this is not so wonderful
when It is remembered that on our own
coasts, r.ot so long ago. crews of women
wore occasionally seen. There was, for
instance, one ancient brig which traded
across the Irish Sea up to the time when
the earlier merchant shipping acts put
an end to her career. The vessel was the
sole support of two elderly sisters, who,
vith other female help, navigated It from
port to port, and who are reputed, ac
cording to those who have known them,
to have had a kitchen garden on the poop
a lid a regular poultry yard under the
forecastle.— London Tit-Bits.
The Oldest One That Ever Sailed
as "Well as One of the ... .'.'•"
Queerest. . c
CURIOUS CREWS FOR 4 f
HANDLING VESSELS
Yacht- racing commenced in 1662, when
Charles II, who had some yachts built
.for him by Sir Phineas Pett. wagered $500
that -a' yacht of. his would beat a. Dutch
one owned 'by 'his brother the Duke of
Yo:k; afterward James 11. feut the growth
of * yacht .sailing was slow, and it is not
urU'H 1720 that an authentic record of a
yacht club Is found, in which year the
Cprk' Harbor Water Club — now known as
the Royal Cork Yacht Club— was formed.
In-lS12. a similar club, the Yacht Club, was
formed "at .Cowes by some fifty yachts
men. --This club in 1S20 attracted the no
tice 'of the Di:ke of Clarence, afterward
Willram IV. .when its title was altered
to. the Royal Yacht Squadron. Cowes.
Fourteen years later William IV* present
ed-the. first royal cup to this club. But
ln"1851 only 500 yachts were in existence.
Since the international yacht race of that
year the Increase in the number has. been
immense. — London Chronicle.
' Though 'ivess'els.anawe'ring' to the char
acter of., yachts were in use by royal per
sonages.from an early date— Queen Eliza
beth, for instance. "had one built at Cowes,
Isle of . Wight, iii 1588— the word "yacht"
w*as not used until the year 1660, when
the Dutch presented a "jacht" named the
'-Mary to pharlea II. In Evelyn's Diary,
under October 1," 1661, occurs the entry:
"I sailed this morning with hla Majesty
in" one Of. his yachts, vessels not known
among, us till the Dutch East India Com
pany that curious piece to the
King, ticins very excellent sailing ves
sels." •
Hluiidred^ears of Yachting.
;'.:• •'• "•"¦•-¦ • - . • V " " : •" " •.."....•-'.•.•¦ V-V- '•: .*'{:¦:¦
.anlqng'thenipishpp-.L.trddenV.of .Syracuse
¦'Dr.-' Ayalkley.'has •been/'assistanV'-xcct'Or
bf?'-.JG.r-a"CQ ¦* v T Ch«rjh«.'f(«i'. : lh;r.e.e,' -.'year's."-"- E(e
;.fore thnt-'he "was " f or'-'si.x •-.'years'; re'eiof 'of
*a U u »i: E i'nii'f a. ¦' ..•' 1 1 e- 1 g ' 'a' : ' ? Qut her tie r,
'35£ jrggLrs.-j,pif- i'liaai'.* gaihed' "^orne
•'famfe .'.as '&:. -pulpit --'orator.'- ..^Hier '-» 4^^Tnar;- :
*f.i'ed^-ifoiiY.-ye.af's"Vp"feo-.. ."-i - ; . : '"';"- "¦"•-'; : r 'v •"• '-.••.¦;
PLANS ABATEMENT
OF DIVORCE EVIL
.ttE.W YifikK",; : Sept; .' 30:.— The u Re\v'
:• I>N^ I ' Cliarl'^; Tvf-^'alkl.eyi.-. who" /Kay
T I '^l'. :^ st call to' Qakjarid-,'
¦' f A'^ j*> : gal., sW.'JPaul-; s .Ep'i^cbp'ij.i .QhufcTi-."
i '' ', -'•.¦., •" ! ? s -.a HmpfalA'inv t.he ''Mj&ft. York"
xiFire-' EJetia'rtmf.fit : irid. .n'as^ a ' rec&rd °as jr.
•¦¦'lif' £ : sa\" er V '. In ;tChe.'.. ip.a^r,traye-uuf' : Hqt'ei?.fire : :
life". j-esc'u.edV a.^-paVtyj '-pf -.Cathbllci;. "priests,.
The. stone, which was brought from V.^r
ginii, extends, "upward for thre^. stprie,s
on -the. buiidinz a.nd" for some time. past,
it has boeri gradually jM-urrjbling.'" At the
•Fourth-street entrance" the. pillars and 6r
mirnental fr'tzp Jiave' become* chipped in
many places -and" from soft, discolored
spots' red dust "has- been contfnually shed.
Firquently these particle's have.descfend
»?d. so thickly Sis* to- almost bli'nd persons
entering. .- ' . \ . " ."'*¦."
Recently an expert "made .an "examina
tion of • the" stono and. reported th'at 1/ it
was left exposed • to the -elements t^ie
bourse's exterior wo.uld be ruindd . in -"a
few years. Of course, this would "in no
way er.danuer th° stability' of -the .build
ing itself, as in these days .the stone on
a skyscraper- is only. an ornaniental-carv
ing set in ,the steel' Trame .which' Is the
real support of fhe structure. Every'storie
might drop out of the exterior -'shell of
the bourse and the 'Jjuilding.-,,Uself would
still stand. /'. T':
His advice was accepted, —and it will
not be lone now before all the red stone,
has a waxy cover, making it."imperyious
to all sorts of weather. The -bourse, .as
far as is known, is the only building in
this citv treated in .this way so far, but
the operation to .which it is 'being sub
jected is similar to that adopted in order
to . prevent the destruction of the Jail
Egyptian obelisk now standing! in- Central
Park.Xew York." ' . • - .-.".• - - */*
..If was found that the'ch'ahge- from -the
Egyptian.'.climate to. that .6f : N-e.w" Yo/k.
raused the. surface of the. obelisk -to erack*
and scale, and- that; th.e 'hieroglyphic., in
scriptions upon it' were" being 'obliterated.
The obelisk is paraffined every year, but
the bourse will require a' renewal of Us
enamel only once every five years.—Phil
adelphia ' Press.. . - .' • . ' ' . •'.. •.'..••¦
I .-.'..Workmen" began the" task' of .-"inass/igin-g;
I and t-nameJing the F.qurth-s.tieet'fro.ij^of
the. buiWIhg yesterday*. "...They.- have.; big
platform* .swinging" oiit Tromtiic pt.r'uo^:
ture I t\ir:'Mjy-_ ,f ro'm "the- p&vemen^. ; and- "pn. ;
.thrse . art} anchored .•'H.ttle.'-cha'rcoal.". en
'gines with .which] the'y .'heat thelr'.va.'por..
and the DarafT.n.-' They. -do*. thf'ir '" wiqrk
rapidly, for it/ is said"' that." "storm
a^id 'change, in.. a.tniosrjije'ric. conditions
.brings r.ow' cracks into 'the 'je'd ''stone.-
To veneer all the' alTec^ed" stbne--wj|.th the
paraffin- will -be -extremely costly, -butoit
was accented. -as the .only way to; save
•the handsomest portion .of the $3,(KK>.000 o
structure from- decav. . •
To save the red «tone.on the' exterior.;
of -the • bourse.' trom- crumbling- ,-lnto 'fine .
powder- It is." fe.elng coated ¦with ••"paraffin,"!
Ir> other words,. to prev.ent further inroa'ds-
oZ -a .process' -of .'.disintegration., /which"
threatened .t« ruin. the ftio'et. Imposing part'.!
of the big hall, of trade .its .face/ls*' b"e-!i
Ing massaged',- "enameled .arid -given" a n'ew |
complexion. ' Streams;.."6f ..hot ' Vapor..- are.
f rst turned upon the' 'red ' stone. . /-This
opens the -grain, -or. the pores, if hen the,
boiling paraffin is spread' over 'its surface,',
'and. when, this- dries, .the -stone becomes
of a maroon -buff in'stead." -of-*' its "forrn-er
red
USE OF PARAFFIN /• ." -y. } :••
FOE -.VENEERING STONE
$3,000,000 Philadelphia Bourse. to; Be
¦'.-" .. Enameled With .the- J?re-. '; / ...
•'¦-. ¦• '••- •' ventivel i-t'A' ¦/•¦:¦¦'• '¦
j'.'MASE5X<JE'i^T>'BENEV-0'iE^
fsta^'s.ticsV' : .Pfo^e- : xVT^t.";-;.6r^an^
r:;\{K .^[Ghktx ty-jDjo.es Eftect;.thV-: -v J ! -' #
'¦'^: i :-'^\i •"y.B'.sp.ti.OEle&jirts.;^ ' { ¦:^:-/\:-' : -
\' Th6 '¦¦¦%& vo!c : ate'» jpf isc'le.n'tklc /charity *. a^ei
/.cijriS.taniiV' 1 ¦runninpf . .;the". v dangier -¦ of." dis 7 ,|
¦C9ujf-"ag.ing"';userd'j ¦¦a*>rfVX>f.6*pe*r 1 "lsina.na'si !m j
"irylxje •',• \d '; aX'^id;." th'fe ". e<iu.ally-*'Vgrejit.' ".or" #
/greater -.'danger. of .hn..lncrea*sc.of-".the evH
lyy^irnpiKjper :ikethp&s, ot ..cujre>;It»miiy t b^.j
•¦'unK^.i'taUngly-.>tate;tf^
.4ahger'*bf-.-injury"iy- not- giving,- thprer.-ili
.'certaiVtfy^. "#; .»:prs'e.a"Md.'.hio£e-" pejnlciQua
"diengjjr of -.glvriig -.wl?.h'ouf..'ihveii 1 tigatibn.';
¦In- # :p-ur, ; '.compliaErted-- 1 ilfe;it .ts. utterly;- i'm-\
.possible, to iiiak*'- tne.^spe'oia'l i'hvestigatiorr
•reoulred; iri : a . giye.ii Mhs tiince/ ' Nrjwaday-s
;-tb*^v'e*^tHp^t*?uj^.1h3^tt^Clon^^nf
-.pimply: t&.hi'r.e-'tpeople-.to; b.e-.lij-.'wa-nf.;aniL
to. suff.er jfpV i the;.; saVisfaxs tiqn • of , the.' fool-.
!.jsh : -a : ri&.. irieffe;cti.Ve;"alleviator^.-: Hence-,t : he>
'.'jJuty •an.d-.%'thb;':riepess-i : i : y."j-9f -asking* : t.Re.
'.ihairity .orga.riizatibh. .'•societies \tb.. malje'
i'vJ-he..l,nY'es'tigat'lon-s,'"and'.t'o ."determ.Jne, as I3-J
..-.their f!unctipiV,"'.w : h.O"'"iire"tfie.- worJthy>'a.nd'
i'yl'Hb'- ih.e; -.unworthy.' •-•B'.u.t" the 'scie'ntitic;
••cha'ri.tj' • spi-ieJieH'must • Be'.p'aid, for.yt^ieir.
| .,w'cirR .'.'. .In .x;'a.rryinV :> it-."o.n 'they-!;"wili'"a-l5p-*.
[•¦save-' tKe'.-alniUgiver'S. 'friost-of .the'rn&hey
¦ vwhlc-H-' iwtfuld '-oth'etwfee *be'was.tetlV*arih-.
i r : \Vith. thejbalauVe' they [vtift dojnany .t-i.m°es .
i.ilie Wexv^'ce: ••.i-hj|. N PuijlV'LedgeV 'of. PKJJaV
•.•tlelp.hi'a.--'is: tfie- autfrcrtty for .-'art ¦ illuafra^
¦Aibrn^.pr-^m'is.takcfl^c;harrt>v:\VhlcJiv.in/:tiies.e-.
K^ay^.: •ire>ds.V'-t-ho...'9rea\te.st':rpu&ll( l .ity:-.'; ; A."
rsooa'cina-nyf-.J-ear-s-'-'ago va-'-wca'lth'x^ £inu;.
I: philaft-thrapic .E-rTglisn ;wk)man'' let t-".to Her.
¦ -.native' .Village.'.' which* .-wa's.'--one *'of' /.the
most delightful,'. Ma'utjfuiand .pjrosperops
m* the . Britisli Islvs, a "-large' sum .bt
•rrftoney to ber he'ld -"in trust, the .income
tq.be Applied 'fronj time, to time to" the
gonuin> ne.eds of . worthy applicants..
After, a. generation .'pf> the* administration
i of the t'rust a. socialegic. lnqulfpr made 9.
j study of the .village,- a'nd "found fhat. the
[money • thlis generously" but. unwisely.
*gly 3 en # 'had, practically '.pauperize^ the
whole pl'ace.'. Tne -stamina 6f .the'self.
suppp.rting .yeoman departed, and
•from," being, a .self-respecting "and-, self
" supporting, virile people, they, had grrad
, ually "^ome- to° lean moce. and more' on
.this fund, w.hich .they, knew- was m?Jd in
. reserve -as. a last- re'sou'ree,' until finally
the;*-, nearj-y >alf became paupers, and dc 1
• pand^nts- "and fncompetents.-. The gener
j o*us nnd. plillanthrcpic giver "had laid" a
I. blight-on a smiling* lfind worse .tHan arty!
j curse.*— American Jllediclrie. . • .." o *
...The kinirdxrtri of. E"oh>mia;"in.thd Austro- I
Jiung'drian^ empire,-, has;-' C.4^,'tS3. ¦ inhabi- j
'•¦tA.nts, '.of wlioni' '3,^3*643 "are ..Czechs andf
• 2,569,01:5 Germans.-. The Cieclrs .occupy the '
•centraj .arid 'e.aster'n par.t of the kingdom .
. and'the- Ge'f mans' thfj .western and south- '
I erji p'ast, .-J39th. occupy the Targe cities ;
j and. CDnslderabTe" fivajry. and'. antagonism \
¦exists between tnent. • The' kinsdora cov- I
ers\an"ar^ii of-'ol.96J square • kilometers
: (20.C59*.squAre mires).. The climate is-aimi-'i
i lar to that of ,our^MiddIe- States, without i
j>helr' great 'extremes, of .Heat and cold. I
•fiohemiaMs/th'e most- fertile' portion of the
empjre, *an.d ftsV people: rank h'gh for
jSteadineBS^and industry*- .The. products of
the field and. -ma.rtuf acturefs, owing to i
pbundance at 'cheap coal and timber, are
rirostf "extensive and important. Prague,
the capital of the kingdom, Is one of the
most Interesting .cities in" Europe. ' Its |
present population, according to informa
tion given put by its bureau of statistics, j
numbers ;42>,920, including the suburbs, j
Pragtie 1 contains •• two' universities, one i
Qerman aiid/ the other. Czech, . as well as
•numerous, other tfducational institutions.
"];ts conservatbry-'bf 'music has a very high
reputation 'and attract thereto many for
"ei^nefs' of -bo'th sexes, among whom are
manyAm.e,rican3,- for the study of the
. violin," especially^' under the now famous
'.Professoi 1 / Seveik '(Sheftsnick),' the in
struct'or"'of -Kybellk, Koclan and other
;great .vipfthists., . • ' - ; •' .
• THe" Kingdom of iJoljeinia.
¦ In " rcf errl hg :-ip -" cot-t «Jn <.'maruif a ctujFlrtg-'-in; ¦
the. South.- Pre^dent -^VafmsI^'J'saW?r.' : A '•;.'
':• -'.'V\> xtarmly conejaUilati? -the
! r^rfat ;devc>si):nj: : pl .of l"i;s,';"nat'Jr"al',anV| Indus 1 -.'.'
| trlai . re? ourc) s. ;_ JThere'." j-s- thirely-arh^le' .room !
j. for '.x>tii- North and S-juth.* «The Vuj)rprrijicy';of'i'
manufacturing in Now .Englarfd. .Ma. my/
ojpiiUon". Will continue, to be. unassailable.' ..".»<..(
¦ A : " resolution 'was ad(>j;ted-"xeVi>i.e.sting;.th'ey
/State ; Departme'nt.*'at \VasMngton*-*to - give.
I the '.issociallon alh- ; :p.(>ssible : : : ?nfojrnation' 1
[ in. regard. to jhe neeii'^»fIforeliiri.VQ.u<\tr.ies<;
I In the cotton rparket. This.fs u-qderstood i
I to indicate, that. the' New- Eiic!and"]'manuy!
; Jacturets. ; will pay.-. "rrihFe'.'a_Wiiition-.;"".than-."j
• heretofore .to -the- exportation p'f ""_ cotton" i
i*goods. *.¦¦.'/•¦•¦¦. * " ' .;¦'_¦ -••. ."'pi- •'¦ .'.".* '"
'. Th*>" Jorce-br .these .claims" F.«oind/>nur*r}^ be.
•sufflcu-nt ' to" •Justlf.y.-.Fom.e'.J'jnit'jd •action toward
puttinx .a v 5top;t.o Iihe^.-gtfmbllng^: "op.eraflchg
whi<-h."inflicf such'"wide!«ijr'ead >ufTe1r|ng'lMnd;in>-.
Jury 'ui>oh '."so; maiiy- arid /such -irmpbrtant: lfl-.
terpsts: ¦'•:*-':•::¦-.-.?... ¦'¦'.; \\:.r ;•-¦•-• .-V-.." >.- ¦¦:"•¦:
. I» Is a' dfpi.orafclr!- cfrcufrtsjance-'th'4^ th*-"pers
nlcious" liractice^of.'cornerkiK- such .'a .'nefeessary
staple a« cotlon -should- b.e-.pbssljjl*-. ¦derrioralTzi
ln^ and. para<yz!r>j?*'for 'the/tlkif 4>JM5. : {in.laf
duttry". of such <mm«»j3«»e. wcjtlth-'l'o.. Individuals'
ana to- the nhtkm' ias- .Jha't-'. of. /cotton ; ma'nufac
turlnnr.-'.throWl.ns ,£>ut 6C f mp'w> : mt'n't''and «
duclng to the;verg<».of < starvafYo'n-i'ht-'-_th»iu»ahds
.i'' ern'pldyes-.whoJe' tcrj', tki'sterrce'jis.f&epenijent'
upon the cpntinufd'ai3d:.!iteady.''orferaYj(jn'o{".th«>
factorioB.. v'hcK 'th*>" *fln,d'. T-he'
liancful-; Influence of.^tHis Vpeciliat'fve' ."manipula
tion* of ccVtxih.ls .'a. .matter' /or .sei"tqtis"vi;once,rn ;
nnd . for', yrtfleti'.'tittn-'.ima' Ue: jipJ.-;Justln.Qation"
whR-tso*ver.' ;• .'• Vj'-.r^ . l ( .i*.". 5..»'S : wi"*--'t?j" g V*" - »"" " "
• ¦ . ¦ • ¦ \- • * • ¦• . • • • .
- LES'OX;.>Ia8S. t Sept. : 30^-At\to.-day!s
session of the New. England' Cotton Man
ufacturers* As'sociatio'n .President "VValms*-.
Iey~ .delivered his annual; /td'dresg.' 'fre^ re
ferred to the. -unsatlsfactp"ry "condition of
the cotton trade-at J.he" -present tlmeb'and'
said the" past fe'w'montb^ ;"h.as ; b'een%one
of the most dlfnculr'.neribds:'jv.er"'expe 1 
.'.ienced.'. Continuing. 'he" said.:",;.-; -.•.•.'.
Would Discard Candidates
Accepting Tammany's
Indorsement. - "
The Republican convention to nominate,
p. candidate for Bronx Borough president,
which was to have been held to-night, has
I'^f-n postponed until Wednesday night,
October 7, to admit of further conference
between the Republican committee . and
the Citizens' Union committee.- '•:; . .
On the other hand, Voorhis, president of
the Board of Elections, said that since
the Republican convention had met. nom
i:-.a.ted candidates and adjourned sine .die,
i*. was absolutely necessary that the sec
nstary of the party file these nominations
tit;<1 no others within thirty days, and ft
he did not he was guilty of a misdemeanV
or and could be mandamused to compel
him to file tfie nominations. ¦;: . .-'¦:•;
Edward Lauterbach to-day Indicate*
the method that '• may be resorted tb.tf"
filmed necessary to remove Grout and
Komes, by saying that a convention did
rot become officially dead,, even t if- ad
journed sine die,, until after the filing of
its nomination certificates. Until this was
done It was, he ?aid, subject to the call
of the chair and could meet to rescind
any action taken. . and a committee ' in
trusted with power could do the ' same
thing. • . . . ' . .¦.•-'„-'•"•••'•'
The comfilic^tlph over the Grout-Fornes-
Tammar.y incident ;>robably will lead .to
the abandonment; of the • fusion . plan', to
<j«'n the campaign en Saturday nigl't.
It has been intended to have a mbnstei:
meeting, with Low. Grout and' Forney .as
tiie principal speakers. . - * ; " *• '" .
Timothy IS. WoodrnS paid to-day he had
i.o doubt the Republican convention could
convene, rescind its action In nominating'
(jrout and Femes and put up a new
NEW YORK. Sept. 80.— The spirit ot t
hostility created among the f unionists by
the attitude of Comptroller Grout and
President Femes toward the Tammany
coup of placing them on the Democratic
ticket is. gaining and the crisis of the irroi
der.t must soon be reached. Senator Platt
and Governor Odell held a conference o s t
the Fifth Avenue Hotel to-day and it Is,
expected that some fQrmaJ statement w<ll c
be piven out by them later. .The .fuslonlstj"
lea.ders have been advised-- that no, legal
obstacles bar the nay, to the remqv.a:».-jf
any candidate from their ticket* but any
attempt to do so will be resisted and s>\leh
action would further, complicate th^'-aV
ready involved situation.' I^eadcrxMurphy
cf Tammany still- 'maintained' .that, he
vi-ould at the Democratic •• convention to
morrow night carry oi:.t the p!3n of n'omi-'
nating Congresprr an McClel'.an for, Maybr
and placing Grout ' and ; Forties, oh th f e
ticket. The Kings County organization,'
If d by Hugh . McLaughlin. probably will
accept McClellan, but may bolt Grout a'n,d
Kornes. . ' .- • .-•" ¦ " ' ¦•; .¦¦'"' ¦ '.'¦'
I . .WASHINGXON,' Sept. 30/-r- After a con
rferenct. > wllft''^ecr*etnry # Moody -at the
I^V^llte. House to-day' tfte President ren
•dered^ Jtjvo .-decisions /Important to the
pli'avjjs.* :'CfiC- the4;re*commenda.tlon of tha
Sec/eVary -^hf President h"a» declined to
,au th vise art "lhtyeasp ln.rank'of 'the civil
.e^glnQers". of* the».na"\:y.* In his" Jett.er to
..t-hfr'PrcsVenh'.ihje.' Secretary paints out
jVthat^ under ejclgting. fa ws .the/olyll -tngi
!.;r.e<6/-.cor.p» has- a-fargtr 'p/oportlon-pf cap-,
•.tains. and. commanders; than^the. line' and
•/tliaVuhder'-Jhe' f.ropocqd "changfeAh.e/prp'
'^portfon of dcapt^lhs,-*aad* comm^oders in,
j ith.V: clvjl "(Jhgineefr woilld 'be*' much
I than»"CR^f;of'iinyioW\ef.* staff corps;
k\\3th\"the.Vx€re.p\:tin,<if chapIains'Ahji' p'rp
p-fessars'.«o£ •pva'tJiema^lc/t!"."- .* '•'" * ••" :.•"•."•¦' .'
:'¦¦¦ Thj/tSecVettary/'adds--- th'at rarjk": jn" the.
<n*Y$'.-."B-T!PeftSLlTis' to .tfie-.line;^slgnifyih'g, •
" As "Jt -di«t$, - "mlt344?y ' aj5th"oci*fy. "and • c'drn-'"
;3^hd:^V&i'.Vr-'-«''Vi r .:-JK'^ ;?*•* '.-:' "¦'{'.
has-sitstajned- the Se'c
ft;tary;.4n-liecflnhi~ -to-^ipproye *the .appli
'pjt'tlqn'ot 'Cplone'f'.Gebrfce .C; Itelf, adjutant
.anWihSpecter of'.VhevMarthe-eorps; to Be
•retired ivith.th-$,-rithk *jof bjlgadl4r-se'rieral
•rafidei*.'tlI?..vsai"r.e'2oPer;atioh.\.olf • tKe'.Iavr"
r.whlch .-.used.-to.'.retife-.army pfa
cer3wiCh-;-adYahbci>.rahk/. *:-'.''- ."•¦-'•
w.ith"Jap#n
?rinde"':Chliip;''^r43id€fntVot<bea Foroikn .
JiV-'ls.continufnj? ro^'riegjiMhe .Rjjs&an?;pr-pf-.
$osals7--"-Bfihc€{.£hWTg .:t<vd-";M. : ij-essai.. ,the
• Jlfcssjiuf ';Miijisttr,...-tKat /-Ry.sMa.-.r'SlvJu-.d;
" cajfr^ \ oVt*. he'i?Vidi;i"eefiJ^T.t'...fl r^ f'an'd | the)i;
jlhe:-. .•other. 1 •conccs.siOn-3] ?W^8S' t^alfe^*.- -1dp
'Majj'chlij;^'-jt'toijt) '^e^'Jllscu^s^df'* ;-..-."• r-s' v ; : ",
•"• : ~%tfe. CKlnese-'pftptxs-^sisont \Uiftt •••>!.' •"b'e*-',
¦E4Y'"J3'pf^ssih N p;fpr-''KuVsfi^.trpritrnT ; ;iOf'.th.«.
fcusfopis^afacf ffnintea :f1^i ; {3;;inVjrip.6hura;
; i^i"aa,cj1troivrt-p 'ihfe; ; :p£cRosaJ?' ernbodie.A.;i'nv
stha'kst -Ru'sarjLri; gV'^ci»it : i,oh. fctifite'irifoSVV-'i.-
JLmh'edt'.'Mieir ri-'cpVe'Senra jtor.'s'/ro ¦' ifiVndiijy;'
• aS3 iveK-tStWjitf'-f : J^ricjfptJati'rig *&&£ ¦f$<f-*iji~.
'^1-uSi.ori :-qtri?ie,;'i?.r>ertips; :<j£»" M])i]>cteYi'. SJa^:
..^ hgfcao' ?«nil :1^fetjins-5il^*ffip* Japanese.
¦.c6'nim.4fciSr t'r.eaijv. :"':¦. ¦'•''/? \- ! - &'•.':¦ •''? »• • •
•'•'.¦jBBK-INp; Se&t, SQ.— Attention -Is c'oncen.- I
Uffoe"dH'er<> on October.. 8* the •*date,.fljced |
..by'..Russfa''for^ Jf^ evaci?a"tion''#f. : Jtlpkde'nJ
.¦aha". - NewchWa^ig>r "R-iissia'^'actlljn *1d fuF-
,.;fyilr]e v .•p'r* •;l£tio/ing;" hefi "agreement.'' to
•"eva"cuatV/"V|Uf.b.e 'I he** chief." facjtor,-:-U;.l_s
''j5(insjde_Fecr,'Vin"-dete-rmlning -^her /.relaffons
Manipulation.
Urges United Action' td Put
# :a Stop to Speculative;. *•.
ii(6ia;ti9Ps'- : W,ithf , j/pan -.Will
• :V;0fi"epen4'Upon* .Pa^e"; of.*' : '
.V '• ••" v° .* -.•.. .£i*gfe."eme"Vt.,.- •% . ¦'-/"" •.;
Accepted.
Recommendation of the Sec
".-. "'retary*' of the Navy Is : '
President Declines to
,.,• Give -Advantage to
* ''the' Corps. . .
...•-- I; • • •
President
A livers . the Atinual
.'.;. ..V. : ' ; ;v? .:; , s
New York Republican
Convention Likely.
to Reassemble.
•Promisee} -Evacuation 9f
•V-.Mii^d.en -/'ana Nqw j \ : ;
.-:'/.; ch.wangr A'waited/ * . •• :.;
MAY REJECT ITS
OWN NOMINEES
DEPICTS COTTON
GAMBLING EVILS
RUSSIA'S ACTION
FIXES ATTENTION
ENGINEERS' RANK
IS NOT RAISED
NEW RECTOR HAS A RECORD
AS AN INTREPID LIFE-SAVER
Rev:Dr. WalkleV^WH'tf Has Accepted 'Call' to St. : Pauf's Epis-'.
..-.'copal Ghurcn; Oakland; J.s -Remembered as Hero 'of ffoFk-*
¦f, .Avenue' Hotel..F,ire, Wherl HerfRescued "Pixiy.- of ¦•¦¦Priessf.
THE FAN .FRAKCISCO t:ALL; THURSDAY, .OCTOBER ;i, 1903. .
7
COOK BOOK OFFER TO |
CLOSE OCTOBER 30. ¦
The Call's Cook Book prem- \
ium offer will close on October ,
30, 1003, and all readers of this i
paper who desire a copy of this
household treasure should not .
fail to place their order im- '
mediately.
This splendid premium will ;
be offered to Call subscribers at
the exceptionally low rate of
fifty cents per copy. Out of ¦'¦¦
town orders twenty cents ad-
ditional to cover prepayment of ¦ :
transportation charges:
';• ".•...'.. .ADVERTISEMENTS.
H ' • - ,¦' ' " . J
B . : j
" /S^l This is a message to men. Il is I
U -/ ?£?'/$ &i sittk to men who want to feel like men, . \
® $w i§mrL *&t£MJ&r to 'Pbk 'like men and act like r&en. \
g ] J^ir^J^vl.^ This is to men who lack cour- J
n If kmt^, \ ~* v j| aee, - whose nerves are shaken, i
O a m***J^ 5^^ il^lif' whose - - brains are muddled, ideas j
a «|i |'SF 1 5W§r / " j! confused, sleep restless, confidence \
[g l# , jr|^. k. -A/ j^T" A. S one > s P' r ' ts l° w an(^ easily de- !
ra \% if^ijt \ Wit/ T/^^»wrt^\ P resse^* w^° arc backward, hesitat- {
O fUlhiV \\\l')&xJ^y^ /A mgt unable to vcntlire because they <
E2 Jff»|jjjt ''jJ^ are a f r3 'd °^ failure, who want J
y i|||| somebody, to decide for them, who |
O lr-'i| arc u-(a^> P un > r > restless. It is to <
0 ' * wi\ //ijvSi^^r^i^il^s!/' mcn w^° ave part ° r a^ °^ t^ esc 1
H - 1 fl I lVvVsV lil^lj^ symptoms and want new life, new |
° *% Jli V\\ fePwf" {orcv - ncw vi S° r - J o ff cr »t to you (
O 7 f I \ X* & * n n ' y won derful ¦ J
1 DrMcLaughlin's Electric Belt |
Q It has restored health and strength to thousand* of weak men.. If used as I
*\ direct It is a positive euro an.d cannot fall. It gives the vitalizing; power of electricity
S, . without burning or blistering, developing full vigor. " It removes all the effects of !
J dissipation forever. ¦ ;•¦•.;."'
9 I had been suffering for over ten years from nervous exhaustion and great weak-
0 - ness of vital force, and had tried all kinds of medicines and many doctors without re-
O lief when I commenced the. \u* of your Belt, but sixty days after doing so I waa
5 completely cured.- ".* OWEN ORR. Garvanza. Cal.
5 CRFF'Riinif X *' Te * fre * test, to all. wh© call. If you can't call I
J ,ri\LL r UUV;a, will send you ray beautifully illustrated book with full
M Information free. Call or write now. Don't delay. -
I Dr. M. C. McLaughlin/ 0^^^*
eB«a0B9B9fi9H0B95»E0a0H9H0Bea9B«B0HeBGa9B«B0B
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
gjM CARTERS
MLw^SSg I K ** •> * MKt KM %sV
. Positively cored by these
Idttle Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsii,
• Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsl-
q<*ss. Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongua
Pain in the Side, TORPID UVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable
Small Pill. Small Dose«
V-J Small Price-
THE VERDICT
Of all particular dressers on United States
Laundry work Is always favorable from
every viewpoint.
Tou can't afford to wear linen less well
cleansed, starched and Ironed than we
turn out, and you can't wear Its equal
unless your orders are on our books.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
OTTZC7: 1C04 KABZET STBSET,
Near Powell.
I IS THE MARK OF 1
*$ THP TR T ~"C.T" fe^
jj^ X A 1 IlI.j n p^j x
¦^,-J £*% T T 7 1 "X f l ' wpi
c H 1 i\ 1 m
| $>¦ CLUETT, PEABODY & CO. |§
For Stomach Disorders
Ccut and Dvsoepsla
DRINK
I Best NATURAL Alkaline Wfitcr.
; A. VIGNIER- CO., San Frandsco.
STATEMENT
' OF THE
! CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
i op the
I
| INSURANCE COMPANY
OF LIVERPOOL. ENGLAND, on the 3**t
day of December, A. D. 1902. and for th-»
year endlne on that clay, as made to the In*
surance Cemmlssicner of the State of callforn a.
pursuant to tlie provisions of Sections tflO an I
«11 of the Political Code, condensed as per
blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amcurt of Capital Stock paid up In
Cash $ 000.000 00
ASSETS.
Cash Market Va'ue or nil Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. .$1,413,031 CO
Cash !n Banks ' 215.893 00
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 19.309 00
Premiums la due course of Col-
lection - 191.767 CO
Bills Receivable, not Matured, taken
(or Fire and Marine Risks 1.01.1 0O
Total Assets $1,842,033 00
LIABILITIES. — — -
Losses adjusted and unpaid 1 ,
Losses in process of Adjustment
or in Sust>en?a ¦$ 139.273 00
Looses resisted. Includlns ex-
penses
Gross premiums on Marina and
Inland Navigation Risks, $ — - — ;
re-insurance 100 per cent . 142. r»O Co
Gross premiums en Marina Time r — - -
Rlslu. | ; re-Insurance 50
per c«nt J
Due and accrued for Salaries. Rent.
etc.. and sundry creditors 61.913 Oft
Total Liabilities $ 343.210 Oil
IXCOME.
Net Cash actually received for
Marine premiums j 573.760 00
Received fcr Interest and dividends
on Eond.<. Stocks. Loans, and
from all other sources 43.403 00
Total Income $ e21.233~0«»
EXPENDITURES. ~
Net amount peid for Marine Losses
(including % . losses of pre-
vious years) $ 3CS.762 00
Dividends to Stockholders 50,000 00
Paid for Salaries, Fees, and other
charges for officer!", clerks, etc.. 43 77ft 31
Paid for State. National and Lo-
cal Taxrs 5. ICO Q
All other payments and expendi-
tures C12 ft»
Total Expenditures $ 430,011 C«
Mariner
Los?ca Incurred (Juries the year. ...% 316.060 00
Risks and Premiums. iMar. PJsks. I Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
¦written durms the
ytar $60,507,070 1363.726 00
Net amount of Risks
expired durlne the
year 50,759.213 S39.6I1 CO
Net amount In force
December 31. 1902. . 8.469.540 142.120 00
J. WILLIAMSON. Prest.
JOHN GICK. Secy. -j-_
Subscribed and sworn to before m« this 234
day of January. 1003. WM. PIERCE.
U. S. Deputy Consul.
J. D. SPREGKElS & BROS. CO.
GENERAL AGENTS.
J.B. P. DAVIS & SON, Managers,
215 Sansome St , SAN FRANCISCO, CAL
1 Telephone Private Exchan*» »San Francisco Aerie No. 5 of the ?Fra
ternal Order of .Eagles will give an en
tertainment a.Tid dance in Union Square
Hall this evening for the benefit of the
widow and ihree children of the late Wil
liam H. Flaherty, one of its members,
who recently passed away. This is* for
the purpose of relieving their immediate
wants. A/ number of well known profes
sionals and amateurs have volunteered
their services for this occasion.'
To Help Widow and Orphans.
, An amateur -detective, singularly ignorant of his
environment and daring to the point of idiocy, spied
upon some s Kcntuckians the other day and was
beaten to, death. Before the unfortunate fellow was
loosed upon a wicked world he should have been
told that assassination is one of the laws of the un
written but thoroughly understood Kentuckian code
of honor..
A'Sbasta-girl, gene'rally and unfavorably known in
the. county as a horse thief, 'has been captured and
will be; sent to a feform school. This rude inter
ruption of the young lady'? -chosen career will re
move from the county an element of. distinct
picturesque interest as- well. as reducing the victim to
the hurri'drum and monotony of enforced re
spectability. "
NEW YORK, Sept. 30.— The following
Callfornians are in New York: From San
Franqisco— D. S. Diamond, at the Herald
Square; E. C. Dillon, at thef Hurray Hill;
W. Micbsen and wife, at the Astor; Mrs.
Dillon, at the Murray Hill; Mrs. L. :C.
Dillon, at the Manhattan; H. P, Hedges,
at the Grand Hotel; C. King, at the Cos
mopolitan; W- A. Doyle, at the Imperial.
From San Diego— D. Morgan and wife,
at the St. Denis; R. Foster, at the Man
hattan. • •' '
From Pasadena— T. J. Martin, at the
Everett.. " •' '¦
Califoraians in New York.
The Call has repeatedly p6inted out thai. phase of
the situation and exposed the absurdity of- represent
ing the Bulgarian bandits as mild-mannered patriot
martyrs dying .for religion's sake. Recently' "At
lantis." a "Greek newspaper published in New York
and printed mainly in the Greek language, set forth
the injustice -done to "the Greeks by the /Bulgarian
reports. After stating that 'the "practice of the Bul
garian insurgents is to attack a wealthy Greek village
in Macedonia for the double, purpose* of obtaining
plunder and compelling the Turks to complete the
destruction of the village in their efforts^ to regain
possession of it, and after reciting "numerous in
stances where such, tactics were carried out, "At
lantis" says: "The methods of the Bulgarians. show*
G- REEK opposition to the Bulgarian "insurrec
, .tion in- Macedonia has not received the atten
. tion it merks from the -general public. As a
ruje the disturbance in'the Balkahs has beea depicted
as an uprising "of Christians against Moslems, and the
Moslem's have Jaeen painted about as bla.ck as ink
can. make them, while the Christians have been repre
sente.d- as Christians in very fact and feeling instead
of mere titular Christians.. Such presentations gite
an erroneous idea, of tl. : situation and the
struggle. It.i-s not a fight of 'Christian against Mos
lem, but of, Bulgarian 'against Turk, with a consid
erable, population, of Greeks interposed between the
combatants" and suffering outrages at the hands of
both.-- . . »
GREEK. AND BULGARIAN.
•The caC •rn.ilhant lias i'had his -innings in a local
court .o'f justice and ;has wpn. -He has been monarch
of the midnight roofs from time immemorial, *»ut he
invaded a,.hpvne and has* driven a Jong Suffering hus
band «tb the divorce- court and, a separation from, the
wife of his b'bsom. 'This cat, collectively considered,
was of all] siies, conditions'" and-' alarming variety of
vocal "discord. T-he wife insisted "upon his presence,
th'e husband protested' and the divorce court <|id thp
rest. Revenge -must be sweet even tb a cat. s
A cLpso Angeles highwayman sfecured ninety dol
lars as booty "not lortg. ago and he mpst pay the State
twenty* yejirs of tiis" worthless fife in jaenalty. *A ¦rfian.
who. wjll give "up twerrly years of 'his", existence; at
the rate of fotif aqd one-half dollars a ye'ar is«mofe
of a° madman than a criminal".
.H. R. Vercoe 'of London, who" is inter
ested in several* mining properties in this
State, arrived from England yesterday
ahd is registered at the Palace, where his
so», H. Gratton Vercoe, superintendent of
the Fresno copper mine, awaited him.
Tfiomas H. Williams, presiderft of. the
New California' Jockey Club, and his'wife
l^ave to-day for the East, where -they will
remain for 'about a month..
• David Keith, who. is registered as " the
second richest man in Utah, was °at the
Palace Hotel for a few hours yesterday,
leaving in the" evening' for Salt Lake.
' Ernest Camara,.a wealthy resident of
Mat-ita, Yucatan, and .his family arrived
from the south -yesterday .and are regis-.
tsred at the Palace'. • .".
"Bishop E.arl .Craiiston of P.orHand is at
the -Occidental. ;:v:>7 ' ."
. Dr. W. G. Downing andwjfe* of Suigurf
are at the Lick. '
' L. H. Mitchell and wife,' of Washington
are at the ftuss. .' .'
WJ E. TrethewaV. & manuf.acturer of
Stockton, is at the -GTrand. * . ° .. •
• Mark L>. McDonald, the . well-known
capitalist .of -Sahta Rosa, iS_at the Occi
dental. . • • • " . ' •' .-.-•'
"Senator 'VV*miam' o A. Clark -of Montana
is due here to-day. from the, East on IJis
-was» to 'Southern California...
.F. Verio'uf Marment, Qharl^s El Bulling
ahd William Jone"s, who are engaged .in
mining in Kew 'Mexico, will arr.ive h«o
to-dar. ' '"''¦''- *¦* ;¦'**' ¦-•>-"¦¦¦
PERSONAL MEOTIQNl
, Special information supplied daily to
business houses • and. public men by th«
Pjess Clipping Burtfau (Alien a) SO CalU
forc'a street. Telephona Mala 1042.
ToVnseiid's California glace traits ana
candie3 5Cc a pound. In artistic fire-
etebsd boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market St.. .above Call bld«. •
Representative Littlefleld has had- com.'
piled a list "of 800 trusts 0/ the United
States, with an aggregate, capital of $14,'
000,000,000: " ' " " . -: - V 5' '. ¦¦
Th'e i'adjes of the French -colony pre
sented a beaut'.ful >ron?e statue to Dr.
Maxquis-Canac at -his residence, 1101 Van
Ness avenue, last night- Ds'. Marquis-
Canac was formerly one of the physicians
at tha° French Hospital, but recently re
signed his position. His resignation was
regretted by many prominent French res
idents and they decided .to 'tender him *
token of appreciation for hi3 services.
Physician Highly Honored.
Professor McAdie d the , "Weather
Bureau' -states" that ir» - fift>-four year 3
th'ere haVe been but sixteen oth<.r Sep
teniber^as dry as the'last. In San Fran
ciscb .opljr.- a few of rair» fell one
night about fhe mliidle of the month.
The'=averase Septt«Tiber ralnfal> la' .23 of
an .Inch. MCAflie siates that, contrary to
the general .belief. thr:-2 b.ave been in th:a
State trut two equinoctial storms !n the
last fifty-four ye^rs.
JSeptemljes Is Dry Month.
Patrick Dugan. "a .retired cajsiurilst. w.is
ftfurtd.deafl in '-his bed "yesterday mornir.se
at hte"reside'nce. 26T3. Tine street. He bad
b^eri atterfdedrby a.'pn-yslcian. for heart
dlsea-'se. 1 ' Mr'. Dugan -w»h b.orti in Ireland
i'ea.rs ago. _ . • : •
Juk?s""'JuflIen. liquor, merchant. (\t tne
firrftbf'J/ Jirtl^n :&-""Co:. diV.l suddenly
last'ITuesday night g-.t his residence. l*}2
•Tayloi rstreet. • -He ha.d gone fo bed tiiaf.
eveoiiig wit& a° newspaper to read. Half
an hour-later he -todk'Slck and died. i-Ieajt
disea'se'.is sii*pp.csod.^o-.havebeen the oaus?
•of Seath. .Mr.' Jullifn' was 64 years old. ->
. Coroner-ilLelanci countersignec; the deatn
• certificate^ in both : cases. ' •;-?-•, ¦•©
Patrick "Dugan",.. Retftrcd Capitalist,
-' ind' i)Tuies Jujlie*, Mercn'ant, Suc
" - ,* ' cninb tci'Heatft Disease. -, .
TWO '^mM.tki MEN DIE
: " N-STJI>D.ENI.Y JN..TH^JB : BEIi?
Johh""MeDerrjiott Jr., -one 6"f -the- most
popular ¦ and -wfiaely knowrt-.h.otel. 'clerks
In this countrx. has resigned *iiis, position
ai:thfe Pata'c* and. on October 1£ wip re;
tire frorn th&f famous, -hostelry" .with;
which- he has been cormected for- thfe Vast,
fifteen ve'ars.' .Hia resignation has been
in trxj .hands of- Manager JoluVC;. Kirk--
Patrick for nearly hinety days, with: the
undexafanding .(hat it slioufd become e-f
fective on' the date mentioned. *by which
time hie succ&sspr -would be duly -installed 1
and- Teady to "'ta'ke up the duties.-relin
quished ;by Mcperrnntt. ..•¦¦'•.¦¦¦' ' :•
. The retirerrierrt of ILcDfermott -from'ihe
Palace- will be aeeply regretted- 1 by tra'y-,
elers ;f£om .ail bver -this- as welf as ior-
*»6untr"ieS.["'whose personal- comforts
ijuriftg' theii-- stay lii Baa' Francisco he
has looked caCefuJ'y after." a genial
feUow" "Mac,*' as he is more- familiarly
Rriown- to-! visitors -'to this. city, has few
equals .in the h&tel business, a" fact that
b£ts been tesjiged' to by those wfio-* have
Come "in contact with hfm. and , tlyit- his
ever "smiline countenance : i.s going "to be.,
tnissed behind the hotel coun-tef has aU.
ready' suggested itself In the many ex
pr'essions of regret .heard; around the Pal-,
"ace oh- the receipt oJ the new? tnat he
is » soon to. quit.- \t' is ini.
Jeritlon:to make a t'rip to phe East-'Vrittt*
his wife shortlx after his retirement. an^
report is that he^ poes thither imder sev
eral irivitine offers, made. tQ : him. during
the last 'six months by the managemfnts
of different hotels in the big Eastern; mef
ropple's.' ' . i *" **"
McOermott's jv>sition at the Palace is
to be. fJUed- by Julian M. Brownell. for
'several years chief; clerk- at the-' Occi
dental and previous "to .that "empl&yed .in
a' number of hotels "in the East.. Bro'wnrtl
j-esigrf'ed from .4he Occidental yesterday
arid left last evening on 9, vacation" to the
interior his intention being to r.etnrn in
.time "to enter upon his new duties at the'
Palace. He Is' regarded Jis a very coiri;
petent" cl^Fk and has a host of friends who
".have .-wished him success irf his future
work. 1 ! .'.-..¦
fcojmlar Clerk Will jBe -Succeeded by.
. •= Jtflian JEtf ownoll Who. "TJas Be- " •
' .'* .signed from Occidental. • •• •
il«DpM0W "IS* -.SOON* ;. ' . - :
"" ;" * TO "LEAVE '""THE ..PAL ACE
It is certainly time that something be done. The
"?sue has been before Congress and before the coun
try for years. Again and again the Republican party
has pledged its nominees to adopt some effective sj'S
trm of promoting our merchant marine, and Republi
can Presidents have duly urged Congress to fulfill
the pledge. The opponents of American shipping in
tercrt? have, however.- been h'therto able to defeat
each plan proposed. Now the question is to come
ap again. This lime there should be.such a demon
slnst'on of popular earnestness in the" matter thatthe
opposition will be overcome and an effective ship
ping bill pas* *
A significant evidence of .the- change of- Western
sentiment on this subject is afforded by the ressoJ?"- I
tions adopted at the late ">'mee|.ing\- "of .the" Trans 1
Mississippi Commercial .CCngress*. ,On' the subject
of ocean shipping the resolutions declare: 0 y.Tbat the"
decline of our oversea American m'erchant marine
from carrying 90 per cent of our exported, products
in American bottoms down; ,to 9 per cest^ is- a.n
anomaly in the industrial developmenf°of the. United
States, and for a nation with a greater coastline and
greater resources than any other, and r an unbroken <
record of enterprise and intrepidity on thg ..ocean.
That every ship is a missionary of trsje;» that steam
ship lines work for their own countries just, is, rail
road lines work for their terminal points, and that
it is as absurd for the United States to depend upon
foreign ships to distribute its products as it woul'd"
be for a department store to depend upon the wagons
of a competing house to deliver its goods. That it
is the sense of this congress that the Congress of the
United States should enact such laws as will tendjto
build up the American merchant marine." •;.
With declarations of that kind coming from thor
oughly representative non-partisan gatherings in the
interior of the country, and with an earnest cam
paign of education on the subject going on among
commercial bodies from the Atlantic to the Pacific,
it is assured that the President will have powerful
backing when he undertakes the task of inducing
Congress to enact the desired legislation at the
coming: session.
of the year, in fact, was; more emp.hatic in declaring
for protection to our m'erchant '.vessels th t an w^as.'tKe
Republican convention, of -N.e"braska. a State 'diai- at
one time was antagonistic' tb c every .plah.' su'gg'esUd
for the promotion of our snipping. .. ; '• .•"-."
is now in exces's\ 4 df:the.dem,airds"of the home "market;
and we must either- nnd new marketsoK "put a ihecls
tipon our industrial expaission. " .The "latter alterna
tive is not to be thought of "as a serious proposition. .
There remains,: then/ o the crie Tssu'e of determining
how wt can best!o"!tztin the. desired market and most
The important, parj pb.yed by a -merchant' marine' _
in opening new markets for <h^ goods "of tHcliomc
country has bf en. "amply demonstrated by the o vast
commercial expansiorj of oermajiy ever since that
countr3 r put into, operation tlie liberal. system of'sub
sidizing merchant, vessels. to carry on German trade.
At the present tirae" 'Qehrjxiy 'is taking the .trade x>i
South America from uhde>; our. very hands by reason"
of her possession of, a powerful m^rchsmt (feet, wjule.
we have none to compete witfi. it. . •• o
There was a time'vchcei the demandior a merchant
fleet capable 01 carrying, our lm.mjsnse loreign cora,
merce was not fully understood by. the great mass qf
the people. It was, looked upon as "the .demand of- a
special interest" seeking governmental ' favors^ o^ as
a demand of the" seaboard 'States far special- benefits. .
That time has gone by..* The States of < tho" Missis
sippi Valley have "learned- tha'< an ocean' -gping mer
chant marine is of ' a-s . rrouch benefit-to thejnl'as/it
is to Xew York or to Peryisvjvania. No "conve/itibn"
AT a-rcceni riicctirig.of t;ir>:Boar"d of Tra^e an!4'
Tran^ftoi'.ation crt'-Ivvvv York.ilet?ter, was-.r«ad.
from PrcsideiiV Roosevelt m.-tju* -toirstf"- b.t
which he F.aid : .'-"It ' is-,- I • mrst, • uhnecessary/'fo-r ¦ me
to say how accpJy afjd anxiously I °J»aVe studied.th'e
situation of'our i-hipping.* i°shal.l go over your let
ter with certain public* jneri who \h the "past" • haye-.
shewn their great concern" irt -American .shipping. I
earnestly lope that' we -may "be ablji to devise "sorn'e
method that wii" benelTt 'this .rr.'dustry.".
This declj-rution of -the FrcsidonVs zeal "in behau
01" the Ameriom mercha^it xnafine wjlF ;be received
with gratification throughoufo the- ztfncitry, ioi'it. is
now well oieh universally' recoenfeed 'that t*he "next
btep in the kdvdfacemerft /of jo\a confmcrcial a'nd-.m
dustrial prosperity-, must »"be. c takon".through:'-ah-"in
crease in our < cVr.i|nni«r,ci'ii.:^fleets.' TJie output 'of ou*r.
factories as well ?.s that*. oi 'our' jr.lnes«and out ferm-s
THE^ SHIPPING ".PROBLEM. ;i -<
The. pfosefide- of 135,000 alren workers in a city o^ .
• the size" "Jof": "London- yvffl npV.appear to the American '
people as ji vGry*scr,io'iis problem, fof our great citiej
have a .far iarger proportion. of immigrants to the
total population-, 'Our .'conditib.ns,. However, are not^
*ike th'ose'oi Great Britain, and we' do'. n.ot ieel a'bur
jien tinder' wljic'.h the "'British .Worker- staggers! ' It :
o is. clear, .hpu-ever, that "jt. is" only a -question of time
When w^ shall have a problem not 'drssinfilap to that
of London unless we devise .a . mearrs of effectively
keepiiig° undesirable, immigrants- o,ut .of the- United
States. Ang"o-Sax'on' ccrunfries have.- in times pas*t
delighted to" beast of being the '-'refuge of the op
pressed of all nations,"- but in-thf.se daj-s ol cHea'p
tra-vel "they 'will "have to d-ra\v..tl\e. ljne son\ewhe're.
Londofi to-day. is' fate t6 face" with an' issue- that af--
Tects flo.t onlyMrer" workingmen'and her. labor market,'
but -her .sanitafy condition " and -the" health- of -her
people/ for 't'rieVs warm ing aliens from, the* squalid
places". 'of e9ntinentaV Europe 'have little regard for.
cleanliness or for the -laws of 'h'ealth,.and theit pres
ence is. therefore a inen'ace not only to the' standard,
of "living aniong- British workers, 6ut to life itself, by-'
the pro'dtfction'arpd propagation, of 'disease.' '¦
t. '..ONDON-is engaged in studying "a problem that
I - . Ttrjaj^;spmtf! day .be, a.h- American problem.. Of"
'¦¦— ' . lat.e-^eaifs there has; been a' steady migration to
the :city of a,-low class oi people : frtjm -confinental
"Europe." *3ad'as la.bor<ortdkions ar^ i=n- Lohd.on, the
immigrant^ found . tnem better t'hani tnose of the*
cotiiitries they 'haji'left, : and they managed- to: establish'
and 'makit^in th?m'selv.es; in' their new homes.. In
doing sj>, -.however, :they •" have in 'many .instances'
underbi'd' British", wofkxnen- and thereby "lowef-ed'fiie
standard fate "of wage's.- .'TJie facts have t>eeh-brouglit
to light : by thfc Royal Commission" appointed t a in
vestigate ttie. cx,tjent of" foreign-'.Jjmrrugration into- the
kingdom^ .and. their p.u-blkation has- give.n rise.ifo a
keen corttrjove'fsy between .those who. desire th.e. immi
grarlt^'. because they]" provide, cheaj? labor and those
•who would exclude them for t*he sa'mc "reason. •
" A -recenfc : re.yie\v of-'t.he situatiort' described ifin this
way: .I'The-' aHei¥ population" of '.Lpndon. was" 60,000
twenty '.years ago; it' was-i^ooo ten years ago;. 'it is
over 135^000 now, Qr-Was in fooi." Some .'considerable,
quarters of the "town are occupied ' alrrlost- exdusjvely'
by aliensj.who, "by- crawding" in "the 'single tenements
and bythein willingness to put: up* -.¦Or it h conditions
that are* very. vile, arje-able tp pay" -a flrgher profit, to
the. laindrords than c'an.-b'e got. from native tenants.'
.These aliens' take cbrefl'y tb -.tailoring,- shoemaking
and cabinet-making, or "to labof almost wholly .-un
skilled." I'ii "their desperate ftepd'afid with the. stand
ard of Jiving' Jo which they are "accustomed they da
uhqnestibnably. compete' powerfully- ' with -native
Englishmen a.nd English women and children. ¦ On
.the other hand "their.' labor, at wjiat.it 'is supposed by. o
'cmployers-to cost, is decla-red by the lattec to be"ab
solutely • necessary "tjp maintain ' competition with
other countries in.. the jrades ih - . which. they are Ci't
gaged.'" • ,. " '• -'.-' • •¦„ . .' .
"i:: jd6Nl5ON o PROBLEM,'
• RtreScJl 1 . Sage' H'as. lost "title" -to Minnesota lajid? in
'volviHg pn£ million' dollar5';and,the lrome» and mod
est fprttifr^-of. one. hundred and fifty-'American- farm
*er6.". It- : t S; -sueh gratifying; incidents Qf Taw as this
that] tend "to" make the! clpsing- years of die. mi'.ficjnaire
miser- apprQpriately 'misera'sle.- . * . : • o
" .'"7o cto b 9^
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
¦ - /telephone.. •.•¦.-.•• * -
Ask for THE .CALL. The Pperalor" .Will- Connect j
Ycu WitH the Department Yo.u Wi^h.c .- }
rmLlCATXOX OFFICK*. .-» Market arid" Third." S. F. j
EDITOniAl. IXOOJ1S. ;v... £17 io 221 HeTetfnon. St. j
Delivered by Carriers,- 20 Cts. ?e°r Week*! 75.. *C.ts..« j
Per Month. .'Single Copjes* "G Ceits. /;...» «J
Trras bj- Mall.c lnclufjiiiy l'.°<»=tage iC5?h With OrdAI:. I
DAlI- r CALL., (inciu4!r.K,sljr.4a)4. # one'ye'ar*.. :.\i. . # . o .*|iS.OO
DAH.T CALL tinch-uinif t-une.ay), -C months. ". • 4.00* J
IiAlLT CALI By S;/!>rle SJonta. ;.':... . .'; .'. ,". ;. '¦"* — '•"">« •
gCSDXT, CALL. One Y*«r. .:.-:. \lU .-_V •.:.*,. .'.4.1. ."•; ; 2
WEEKLT iTAUL. One YcSir. ..,.-. ... .v,".-.' ! .'.:': .--. ..... - I'OO.j
'• •' • .--":: '..'<*• Oalfy.:-. ltS.!»O Per°Vear-E»t.ra-|
FOnEIGN-r*C/fcTAGp.. ./.".'. -.4 Vunday.. .- 4:1^ Etr Vearc Extra
. :•". ¦ >".. .*¦ .'<\Vtltl>i.: l-"«H>*"fcr Tear°Extra. I
All ''povtmvii.tc^R ore nn'jli^rjiod. to* receive" • j
'¦'¦*"" ' ' .«'-fnbier'lptloni*i '.*•.. ° ° "¦•» j
Ear-.pie eoplea-.v::i be. fc1-w*ar'le<*. -TK-he**? re<jue«t*i. ; ' ***j
!MeU *ul^crtbcr». \n crdPrlns'.cfea^i^E pf. rfadr^ss" Eli6ul4 .be*
articular. to *lve both KEW . A.jOQt OI.D*.ADD^i:SS 1"? flrfler „
> icsure a,prcinrt -aiid corw^jt complif ncjs'wfth tbelr request." ¦>
'. '.' *\ ¦ OAIQUiKD tOFfftCB.^ o .••••.-•• ¦' '„
118 DrdadTvay.*.".".".v.-^-....^elei»lion^ 3I*.ln"- 1033 ,
. , /. nnftlvKLEV. OFF.lCli" * •" -.••.• •¦>
S1*S Crolei' Slre.ef... A .•.:':'* .Telepliono Xorth '"f7
C. (ilZ'HHilZ Mia(,\l>s,' Jljinnci.-r rowl'cn Jldvar- ""
tf«tn?. Ma'rqn.ette £tntr : iitnH,.CklcnR < o. ¦ . : ..
(LciTg l>istjiac*, Teleph'one' '-Ceritfdl-26».") '.. '
* . ..'-*' ' ' ' . •" •
Va^HTXGTOS CORREaPONpEN.T* - * '.'"
MOItTOX. K'. CHAM-:: . .^1 . ..14*Mi'"G Stireei.. X. : - W.J
; ".' jcervrs' stands: • !.- -.
WsJd'rf-AVtorJa "llrtrj; a. "BrefttanOj *>1 .Criion..- Fquafe;
&Icrra>- Kill. 'Hcte*; .lCSrth-=v»>r.ue Hotel and Hoffman IJcuse. •
ceVaco : n-kws •' pt'axds :.'"* '"'¦/ "
ETienr.a^ V.cti?-f>.r. < > -. Ne<vs. Co. -^ tlrcat -\or.1fiem Hoti;!:
Tremont Ilcztw; AAJditcri^tn JVitel;- Paknerj fjouse. -. *• '
ORAXII /IFVlifes — :>??¦ Mjnts*mpry. ccV^t cf Cla>-- op*n
t:r.t:T S:i0 o.clo*-ji. r.o<« ll'.yei. cj-n "until !>:33 o'clbpk-. C33
VrASl'sUr. oper.°t."r.til ?:S0 o'clock.' C15 L3;Jiin. open unt.il.
' *::.<> «?f".>c> VX} riisitcn. cren until -10 o'clock.* 22(5l
>'*'k»t.'^-.-"i«*r* Siiicvr.-.'".. ipea'iitftll a o'.clock. 10i>5 .Va»
ieac:?, oi.*a UZAU 'v c'cTitr'/.. -. lOrt Eleven*rti. open- until 9.
c' clock. NF.. terser Chjrch ivA Dilnfan , streets, • op^n ¦
until S^/cltK-k. .. KW". c<«rr.«-r Twi-nty-second-aed- KcntucSiyt
ofn -.ir.t:i » -'r'.ock.: iii^O^I^llmore. dp*n'- u"ntil fl o'cloxi:
1 o Among Episcopalians 'in_the diocese of
•California who ai;e oonscious of the
"growing strength of ttie* denomination
-and" the commanding positloa which t"lie j
jurisdiction holds Ifi. Us relation to-lbe
diocese .of the far West, there has been
a.disjjos t itioh"for many years' to provide
u'.cattieciral in wh'^h* the. Bishop might
exercise absolute Authority .and control j
; ar.d pejrfpsm* ecclesla'sjtical. cefempniea j
'appertaining *to lrfs central . authority'.
New York i% now building-* twenty-mjl-
Ifbn dollar cathedral for Bishop Potter
and Washington will soon undertake the |
,co'nstruction. of« otfe to- cost." $5,000,000.. j.
'¦*Denv£r.has one and Minneapolis; as' weli j
as many oUier- heading cttles .in the •
United" States. . Whenever the] dlocese.s J
' are -wealthy enx>irgtt a cathedral -is buHt". j
tg the Roman Cathplla • communion the f.
church ?wfiere 'the • Ulshop:. officiates is. .'
de faj:to,«a cathedral, though it.be bat a j
'log -hut'-and constructed -*o.f # tfte .rn^st ! .
humble ahd" prirtfitiTe nia-t-eVtaV*"The !*
Anglican Bishop of the-M-acbgnzie River, j
w^wso bovfndaries* ane- the. Arctic Ocean. •;
chad a calhedVal" which was covered with \
the hides .of.walrus and''a---frame 'com-,
posed of the! jskeleton at a' whale\_ ' T^e-|
.dogs "ate £t*' " • . • ;. . •- •- " .." '
• "GRACE" 'WAS OFFERED.
• '-£>uring Bishop admirlistraUon
•the "'vestry Wtered Grace .-.Qhurch as a ¦
cathed'ral.'but thaf palate, etthec'from
! want- of >yprpathy with 'tUe cathedral
•hlea or unjvilli£>g t,P assume -the resfpon-j
¦ftibilit^'of Its puirporU'declinedlthe offer.-;
tiimtgh h«> vt-as a-cting*. rector, pf .. <l}e;
•clfurch" at the time, • .but ; sin<e TJIshop •,
Nichols o^LTnii into €<ill * etiaf ge of the
diocese-h'e i .has kej5t-.the need of. a cen
«tral point "of- the-Uioce'se frrfm which to'!
exerqise . ftis/ ecclesiastical -. fupc-j
.tio^i .steadily fn •mind v - At 3_ll.j
times ' He" has-' urgeQ, . whenever the j
diocete of .California' was. linancially |
sfrortg. enough^ tho • -Jfuild}nB of. a.ca.- i
th-edral: Mad -ihe . vestry of ttraoe |
Churcll during. Bishpp. Nichols epispo- t
pate- renewed, thfe . offer to muke st ca- .j
.fhedrar of .Grace, '.It fweuldrhava . been i
"promptly Vaccepterd.. The-
over," has failecl. to. act aitd: .s6m;e little i
pressure has raeeiv.applied- in Qrd«r that
it .m'i&Jrt coh6.«rit:'. The difficulty -is/ip I
the -vestry. In order- to- -constitute/ {t j
•cathedral, the" "Bishop' must- have abso-j
lute jurisdiction,. The.;wh.or& c^trol of j
" the tempo'iamies of the ITaFish mu-st/be |
. '.surrendered :to. him. A cathedral is .the;
:¦ seat. of the -Bishop. .In it. fli.s AilthoritV j
: -js-paramoimt. though >e couid be guideJl-]
by u- board composed- 6f clergymen a,n"d.|
laymen; who.: however,- would be sim-ply
advisory and-' not Jn control." •
.-' "' VJESTRY NOl* HOSTILE.' y
• ° The Vestry of- Grace Church has in rjp
•sense placed itself in ajposfltidn oS hostil-
V itv toQie Bishop; but. declined to sur
• render- control, by .the advice, it is aaia.
of the' pewliolders". apd .parishioners. If
the present vestry, it is said.-rouia he -as
surtd of sUcf eed'ini^ ilself as the cathedxar
-"board, the- church might rflihquJsh con
trol -and surrender Its rights, and jurts
: diction over the" property <o.;-the rBishopc
¦ "tout th6 Boaiyl.must corfslst of pecs&ns-.se"
• lected'.from the -whole 'diocese, else led by
a dldcesean •converrtlon, or selected by the
,- Bishop.. The members mus,t represent, tile
! "whole diocese. * -. • • . ' \ ':'-..
'.The subject has-beeo-actively-'discussed
by the> vestry sipce the* deatp of -the late
1 -rector,- but-f. no >agi*<?.em<;n.t .pcjuld / be
i reached. The proposition has- been nega- '
.' .tived, much! ..to the 'disappointment of^
' Ihbst church^nen who were" ambitious t : hat
! -the-Blshop-: of California, ljk'e; the Roman.
} Catholic .ArfjTbisboi?, '. should, hayg- ; a.
•churcli of tils :owji. -, . * . •" ' :
\ , ' .M BEATJTIFUL QHURCH.' .' '
' ' -Grace is the most-bjeautlful'chuTcheca
) floe la California,- though! not the most
• costly. Its appointments are absolutely
• • complete .an'a perfect. • Few-, churches in-
I th^ country, are "as furnished. Its
organ, it^ -allan, .windows and pulpit fur
"' niture'-are rarely exceeded .in};beauty. and
- 'architec'tnraHy there is nothing left to "be
improved uppn. ETesides U. is. a venera*ble
'church, the' second of th«se founded in
- the Episcopalian 'de'nomination in . the
l State. If has Been, the scene," of more'
'•prominent "marriages • than'-, atiy other
f : church Ui the" city and its 'arches have
. echoed to the obsequies of many who
• have been mo.st distinguished In all the
1 nlbre Important 'historical events of- ttje
- State.- . .-'.'- - '¦-
The vestry, however, refuses to consent
'.to' the' sacrifice necessary to rhake Grace
•f.-a cathedral, and the. whole matter mu§t
0 remain at a' standstill. -Many -Episeo
1 -palians are in o liopes. that Bishop. Nichojs
3 wljl yet 5>e provided.* with a cathedral
'wbr.thy e'f himself and the'great denoml
e nation of which he«is the hea'd.
• r * " . ' . • • .-*
Caroline Ford ' is- eritltlea .to*th<5, $20 o 00O«
left by Felix l>dtour, according to a de
cision gf the Supreme a C°ourt rendered yes-
! terday.. The testajtor mArriedJn 1877. lived"
i with his wife- ittr two- yearts »nd dl?aj>-'
reared. She never saw him after that. . ;"=
In -1S98* ¦Latour was'Hvio'g at th.e'^ome,
of Caroline. Ford "in Lake. County. When^
: he died, it developed that the. woman was°|
the sole" beneficiary of his- will. ¦ '"Mrs.
Latour atijl four other relatives ap'peared
! on' the se&rie aaid* demanded a share of.
I the- estate. Mr?. Ford* -who. was exe>i»i-,'
tri5t of "the "will, refused to dorhprorni^e.;
j and the-prohattrof the .will w"as contested.^
r ,From the evidence" 'adduced at ther.tri'al*
it'.'seems -thaf Katour .suffered .a 'stroke
of -panalysip.- .several .d*ay« " bef*«re d.eattv
and tbat.Tvhen he mjae Jiis' will he..wns
| uhitble .either :t'o. speak" or _t* -"write.; IE?"
his • wishes .. by. signs ."and.
•"the wil'l* w.as prepared fr'crpfl;the lirf'orma--.
j t:«)'A thatcpuia'be elicited frbrh.tV^- dying
.marj irr'-that ftj&un'er."' ' :• *; * ? I. .".'.'• ..
U.^Irs. Latonr'Glairaed. "that" .the dacumWit^
j vras i riot*- valid ' : an6V that • she"-shou!**
i cetne ".at -'least *sf . wjdd.w's- "-sha're" :of- v ihjs;
'• estate. *.-Tht> .lcwer .court dciiled-fifj-. »Vayl-'
eir and '^hfel- appealed". *to 'the' .^upfem<\
! Court.* . - : i v : .-.-• * " '."• -.- ..;• ;.-'•'
•.By a vote .or^ four Hr> - thr«e ,the;;Ju?.-.
tfces of.^he[ Sttfte's" highest- tribunal. *de"-"
c\are that.-thi? :Vlll rndst staild- .-'Justice",
I. Angellotti '"wrjtes : "ths. opinion ,-and' wfth.
him— Justice^ Sha.w. -Van •"'J5>-k«'.a9dI JNIc'-i-
E"«irlxihd;- directly, concur.-. Chief. Justlcet
< Beatty". .^'rite^ 'p. -strong ' d'iSpjeh'tin'g. bpiil-.
4 ion:-* Justice's Hcnsha'w. and iLorigan-.al-^o.
,1 di-fepent.-.I. •"'. ':•*•¦ '• -•' . '•'-.- .'.-"...'.
! *T-hp. icoi'irt- also *defi^a^¦e<i. yesterday that,
*j tfe; Home Oil Comp^py 'held* a" valid; title
j to Us pro.perty- n'ejcV Freisno^ The."
| corporation' pufchased -thje "laVid- from E.:
• O. •; Miller, who .Had . a Tfiihcr'aJ ' location"
.! which' ias- made" in j'anuarV. 1SD7. Al-V. :
'( Chrissman. H.iT-. Chrissman.rfind, J. V,:.'
Fe'.we41. triad* a. location- in, E)ecember," IS98. ,
.! They heid -that, the former' locajtlon to?
f invalid nnd laid claim, to the "rich "prop-
i cTty. Tbe Supreme Qourt thinlts ihat .th'ty
t Home" Oil Company has a' title which is
•| valid, .In every 3-espect. * '*" •. •. ,
f "-The company'.has paid moje than
-I in dividends and. with n .par Value-qf. $1
r« share -ha's been .quoteji a* ahou.t $4: RS
.! rt was Tumored th^t water .insttad .
I of jbll.WttS .being, numpe^ acd a b.ad fliiirrp
.1 res'ulit-o^ * Many 'investors ..lost 4arge.
I amounts -of jn'ortey. ahfl there" was : a.n;
i attempt made .to prosecute^ R." V. Ellis.v
I presidipnt of the companjv-for fraudulent
,1 manipulatloh ot'stocH- * It ivas dipc6veredj
i hy": th'.e : J>istrl'ct: Attorney.*. however, that
"] Elljs had acted* .within hia right'3 and the
•i ma-tter was-drotvped." . . - , "" : •*• .*
The- follcjrins communication from an
.expen is of particularV timely Interest
since th«? voters of th.ts city have elected
to bond the municipality ,foi» a server sys
tem. -pl£>is for .v.Mj-, 1 !-. have excited com-
raent.'and pensure: *. * * • '
Damascws. Plaerr t'ou'nty. Cal.. Sept.* - r \ •$#*¦¦
EM&v °8an. Frani*.."co «'all. Sa?r Franct.-vo. ¦
Cal.— Sir: I- "hay? .noiud with mueff rfntprp«.'
! the expesferp indno Vssu« ft your i«»per of V>«
, ".">th -inst of a vital ejn>j».n«Tlns ilpfect In trio
.plans .or the s^tfVraKe »y»teru. proposed fof- tne
city of San Francisco "and for whUh ifu- t'l- r
Is to-vot* a bond tissue" (unlesa your^umfiy
o«cp"<>sjire. brings- sanity to the r?lnd» of tne
Vsters). -of nearly iiJC^.Oi ro, «n we, 2'tw in.-:. •
Your analysis of the engineering is quite cor
r«rt . The error i?f,th,o englneprlns: "exists, apl
Woald lyn-c- rrctl-'ely . theV cunsequenc.es y >u
"state. . '»* * • •' •<» .". " o "• ' " '•''.JL. '
' In fact, they °miKht be a iii6rv •' perif*!*- 'Tne.
.proper a'ction .of. the' >"\»efs ' <le pen/I » .on »
¦^ubatintfally •Oniform-' ii^fninUim ' velocity *of
-flo.w ihrougn them to Vb».:«witl»l1 «r illscharsfl'.
point ThJs VeU?*ItV • i.»> ijot obtain*!, by 'Hi*
Vlatv? ,prav«d<ya. " Th'«J. acrt<i.n of the ti'les nkk<-i
.this velocity-" va'HaW'ejfrom-.ijothiPff at *>n;.u.>
•*n'rd to a£ yery.Prtlay rnto°of-3ow. SolltU mat-
'Jjr-' oT" 'th-? ?ej»-a.<e" '. Is ."thereiore. a3Stst?tl Itr
•«ettlirik»'an<l'accumulaUrtKin t^e". 'oottbni. of .the
WeA-^rs as' at . tjn^ei*— tf.<ric.e. ; day Slj«* r«*« -
"loeftJC'frlH bi too.lo*v-W&o1.f ij- is suap^Ji
aionr-'Gnre aa-Zancumiilatjon is st.arteti In tti«
sejvora ll.ts.c-nly a.'questlon jjf tlm* wnc.n .t.
.wilt clibke ¦•fJJem •WH.Iutel.v.. th«> jx^ible max-.
itnuit hydraulic fo-a.l >-Jug'4ns»raclent .to, re :
.move'accumulation'M of the; ***.*** so!lrta> .- ;
'. .TiV pumpiri* 'stations .tSt sewane : pro™ 1 "' 1
..Jo wt Abvlftu " Wl» <»«lculty at all .. The^e
stations are c« brah.;hes^ ancl.-.af» "f^" *''"¦
main, outfall Aine. -->me timj.-»i?.ce I -™» de : *
very • rarsful exarriinalion. of the prlnt.yi U.
scTfpttonof th* plan-van? was » m £££ d , > .7££
exceclfngly HtHe ..lotall .from •» hl^ ar Jv $7 -
duce'the bft^iS of^ tUe/
00C.0«O....Neverthel^3. using my P"^"'"'.^
techn>cal knowl«JK^ I was able to *P*Bt*
make' a .proximate estimate .-of wtol* tt« WT
-.houH-be-cn the.-printea 8ta . f." 16 "*"' P J^
anri that- -figure is »o. »ian>: m 1 1 1 tons a 1 ess . V^V"
"the estimate pffered the taxpayers *n.1 i-rop
iertv owners- by t^ir..offlcial en K ineer!nK ft
toxitnHit as to nsS«^ thaf the P™V^w O rfci
competency dt ? doSed by tV V^J\^1
lias Tieen followe-i -up- try" -A" sftolar incompe
"fence.ln figuriniK orf their; probable cost .
rwmit me • to express iny. rr*»et ai
•not h>;»ln/.cqmTnunijaT»<1 what -I clo now
?artiir In humiliation 'I a'dmtf the reaaon I
did-i»t g uvpo«e a 9&&2&*&£2*f£
Visoo- hart the. coutase to print the truth ion
surh "a matter Or .that If It rtid it ««5 ' du -
J*rS? people' w^.propo rt to pay. then-^.-t.
.flespoctfully. ? .RLfcgEIX.T;- .
/H~-l IE. Miller case, «s 'The Cali first Predicted o last
I spring, has crystallized t into a ftQiitical attack ,,
-*¦ on Piesident Roosevelt. The American" Fed
cration <^f Labor,. under Mr.' Gompers, has ma'de the
mistake of demtuiding .that in" administering ;th® '
>civil seryice law tlje President' shall order that orriy^
Cne of *.lab"or .shalljbe." eligible °tb*
civil service employment in_ the -Go.veiai.ment Printing*.
.OmCe^. thc-bocikbindeo' and the" bureau ofoengtaVi^g
and printing. -Tfiis demand goes'"niuch further than*'
such. employment, It".affect£ the'eharwomer.,. ctetfatbr'
cpgineecs, department messengers -ah'd'*i loyg.llst pf".
emp*lqj-es. - '" •• . ° * ' ' =. [ '-""•''.
.To ; thisrdemand the, Pfesidcnt has filswcred" that:
".Th o e;lavrs -areocjiacted foc # th'e "benefit of # the whole
people and cannoVarid^must not be "ooftsfrMcU a^-"per-
.lhitrirfg discViijiinirtioA against *soin.e df'jbe petieple. L°
.am PresideMt'o/" ail th o e people of the U o nited States,"
j withoufc-rc'gard.to-crfced, color," bfrtlirJace, lo'ccupa.fio^
\'1*t sc«:ial o coudiiibhs. • In- th o c "employment .ah'4 -. -di»; :
I missa). of°meiWin^thft o Gbt«rninfcnt*service. I c.ay 'no.'
1 itiofe" recognize the Tact that a^inaii. does! -not "bejoiig i
I to a'.liniop,; as °being for .br'.againsg lii>pi" than.;I.' tan» j
recognise o tfi& fac-t-'that h'g "n a- _ Protestant ar a.Cat4i : ¦
j oHc.a Jew .op" a Gentile; as'heing for or # «aga"inst' hiui.-' r . j
j" Ti\at«js" 3 'de'c'ajration -o'f th'a't : equality "before, .the -j
i'law that* is i>eiiig.*fe'"xapid^y. Je«'t "sight "of- by.l f lVe -"rad- j
<ical < i.c*ade-rs'and;hot : lTeaded' advisers. oruni3oi\«la"ho"r. J
i. Qne .of .the leading". walk'ing -'delegates.-. in".Chi<Cago, j
•J tomrhwiting -on the Miller"; case; 'said;..- "Union- .labo'r. :
uilL.pppp's? 'Prefident -Roosevelt .because .-be "refusec i
\6 discrimiHate in o'u-r 'favjoT. / \Ye deoiand discrimina- •
*ibn," ¦*•.*•*"¦•*.": '.* \ "«;: ' .s..J' '. •.' "/ " '* •>" *: ". .
•" Every 4 SQiind'aiid sensihVe- A : m'erican"ei'tizeH will'st^
•'.tkat.this d^lnand xais.e's" ar\ irrepressible conflict iThej
"Ipoli/ts Have decided," \Vhati was inherent. in the'rrghts
•|"of m>n\ftbm thn" beginning" imd 1 ".^ jndFspe'nsiibfe to'
'^liberty and; the inainteharrce.-.6f-free institutions^ that;
•Hie Kglit of private- cbi'uracf -is inviolable, •ihat "it -is;
2 property righf'-and mu.st .bi? «lefen<kd.aga-in&t'iriva
¦-sioji'by a.ny«- power. .Whatsoever. .'Cardinal Gib-bon-s .
Jhas'safcHhit it- 15 a "right sp 'fundamemar.thafit must
+>e aefviided by tWwbole force 6f society.^ : ! ; -.-":" *.-'.
. . Ic : 'iV that right whicfi .the uhioii's demand' tltat-the
Prosid-ent ;'o{ jhe United 'States '' shall- destroy.
. Ever/. lawy.er. 3rfd..eVery^intelligent layn\ah'jiiTd ei'.ery
•'man : fk "fof; American' citizenship -will £ce Jhatf what
ever-right'-: Iklohg-s ..to .tHc. Government, as- an cftw
ipjoylrv of : labor, 'and .whatever righ.t'b^ldriga .to labor
|-?eel<>n^" Government, emp-loy, belongs '.to <vcry-- pri_- :
vate. employer* and. to- every man! Who 5'eeks ¦private
¦empldymciit. -In- the -case bl. private eni"pl6y^rs thrs
'right- has been- ..so- invaded and weakened that "Mr."'
Gomper-s! [regards' it 35 "entirely . destroyed. In' .HI 1 ;
.speech in this cky-.he said.' "A. non-union -la.bqfer has'
, got to get.otif p'f this country:" He' could only -be.
ifo.rced'oot' by, efficient idjenial -of his rights gf pVivate..
*cohtr?.ct, a-nd. : such denial opu-Jd be inade effective:
only -by-* the- unlawful- use 'b"f physical' force/ Ye'j .the
•'country has. everywhere seen ;'sucli- use. pf forfe- prer-
I vaii. 'Yhe forders -of.-GOurts in defejise- of .the- right of
i.edntract Jiav.e ' proved inefficient in" «iany. -in'stances,.
¦and enforcement beymid the power, of thcciyiF
iauthorities. -Tni-. such-.css-es. the National Gaard .has.
beert tailed. Jo the .suppQi$"of the civjj officers. -Then-,
labor .unrans. haye" their.! power -.to; disdi 1 
•gani/e the. National Gua'rd. by £orbidding .labcfrers'
to belong to' itr.'atid -By bOyjrbtt and perseputiop -of.
' others who-abided by their oaths and the obligations •
of eitizenShip. • It is' nq--wonder that such "success in
the denial of legal' rights to -the private/'empjoy-er 1
' and !e°mpl6.y£ led to- the- belief that the last' refuge" Qf [•
perso'nal rights^ the Government itself, could '6e suc»:
cessfylly stormed and carried- . This assault" has been •
met and turned 'by. the, President. Mr. William Rdn
" dolp"h Heat'st, in his Examiner,' characteriz.es. the
President's decision' in this phrase": "Roose.v«lt sets
aside "wishes of- workman; is adverse to unjqns."' —
To be truthful and to. conform" to the iacts Mr: \Vil-f
Ham Randolph- '.Heafs't should have said:. ; ".Rbose. s
: velf refuse's to set aside !th.e constitution 'of the'IJnited
„ States: idecisipn is for the- equality of " all . men. be-; •
forc-th^ law.". " *'•.-' ' ' " : ,
: - Mr. Gompers saw this* .conflict coming, though # he'
may not have, expected «uch a result, w.heh he said,
speaking of the- labor unions, "The United States
Government is. our most dangeYous competitor. 1 ' By"
that 'he jnust* have meant thatthe claim of spvereignty
for the.Fedesatio'ri of Habor competes with. the sov
ereignty of th% federal Government.- ' The sover r
• eigniyof the.-Sta'tes had been successfully defied,"and
"its maintenarice had -often depended.upon invoking
the p°Qwer of the Federal sovereignty. .Mr!- Gompers
' has rfqw met his "most, dangerous competitor'.' and
.retires,. "for the -present, defeated. '/The next move is
to capture" Federal sovereignty for the purpose of 'del
stroyin-gMt*. This" is to be "done by political opposi
i. tio"n o °to* President -Roosevelt, in the hope of.accom?.
pljshing hi^ 'dffeat.^ . - •; ¦¦ • . ¦ :
, '" The American p"foplc% •¦appreciating, the gravity^ of
¦ th^t" issu«, "wiiV welcqme.it, thankful that the consti
tution has.- such q defender, arid equal rights- such a
t fearriesS 1 champion, as Theodore' Roosevelt. • •
TH^ ATTACK ON THE ERSSIDBNT.
BISHOP WANTS
GRACE CHURCH
FOR CATHEDRAL
plainly what their o object is, "in! Macedonia. They,
dtsirc to wipe out all«the Greek, towns in Macedonia,
hoping thaj^ even Jf they do not succeed 1n annexing
'Macedonia-jit \v°ill Se" of benefit to o "them to extermi
nate °as tnaity •.6fsJhe o Gree°ks as £hex o possibly^ can.
T-his being the plan of the 'Bulgarians, ifis easily 1 un
derstood'why they' do. not coftceVn "themselves "about
the destitute* and starving women and children in the
.villages of Jtlacedonia, which 'owefe recently thfe .scene
of "insurgeut. activity." - * ;vV; • '•
.•The Greek p^peV £oe« on-tp°say that the Govern
jment anef'tbt people Of Greece".have'°o'eejiodiligent.in
providing jeliet fdr the victims °of the.warrfng Btil. ,
gariaris and;.Turks: -Thtttubs^riptioiSs have'extended
tQth^e G'reeks" "of" -this, country/ and 'it 4s- said liberal^
contn s but5prtS havc o bten' o mado. tb-'the o fund.
argues; that.°the: Bulgarian* merit no sympathy .what
ever froiji"ihe 0 Ampcioui peopJe/TsaVing: ""When ih #
Armeni^'tli^usands.ot helpless woman and "clfildncn
vrcre/j-epjarfed- /slaughtered by Hie Kurds and tlie
Bashr-Pazowkstahe lArhertcan pe6p.le # 'we're justified
ifi ;"rai§ing. ; Jt'he{r*. voice- in i'syjtfpathy/ivitK- the" heiples's
victims, but" ftojv the -Bulgarians' are, not *tfie victim3 r 
i'but. .are"' ihe° a 5 gghess°ors", 'the. agjtators an°d £he per
j-petratbrs-pt tlie most 'atrocious Cfimsrs- agaihSt -Chris-^
".tian people.. "F-or the.Bulgariaii no prerfcher ought to '
I ask/- his congregation. to' ° con't'«biite v ' money anjl thus
¦Jennie "ffie." murdWous- Bulgarian ""to '^continue; his
- blbodthir^ty w'ork of : destruction.-" ; ' : ." . " . ¦•',
J - ; jit Ayill -.()<" seen 'that, the- issue in 'Macedonia, is by
.no means s'p «imple as'some "df : ' fhe; /a'ntivftloslem
¦ zealots -would repfeseijtit. : Pjprsoh"3 -\\ % ho are asked to ,
I'dbntrtbute" mdncyrtq a* ! cause led 6y,the bandits \vho
¦ dtfducled' MissfStpne : and held- her f6r ransom under
3. me'nace-&f. death, ought St least' to * make sure thaV
tlioir coiitrtbufiorre are "not going to be 'tjsed fo "fur
: niih' arririiunition. fbr'- perpetrating 'outrages 'against
• 1 heir feliow" Christians, the Greeks.- ""'.: . , ._
CAROLINE FORD
WINS SUIT FOR
LATOUR ESTATE
DEFECTS IN
THE PROPOSED
SEWER SYSTEM
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL.. THURSDAY; OCTOBER 1. 1903.
The Young Men's Christian Association
will hold Its second annual moonlight ex
cursion: to El Campo on the bay steamer
General . Frlsbte • to-morrow night. The
boat will .leave Mission-street wharf at
S o'clock. Refreshments will be served on
board.
Moonlight Bay Excursion.
Twenty members' of the Hospital Corps of the
United" States army are to be dieted at New Haven
for nine months, the. purpose of the experiment be
ing to determine if we eat too much. An equal num
ber ofjolly, rotund gourmands of clubdom might
have been" chosen v as better subjects'and twenty over
fed lives might have been reformed.
8
I . . ; The GJidden tiirl» f
» . .- Have you seen the° Gadden Girl?. Do you -know anything about her? H
B If yo'u-Sre a woman don't sav that you never heard , of her. for just at f 1
H the present time "she is one of the mo'st original creators of fashions in Eg
M ' Uncfe Sam ! s D realm. She is the originator -of the iridescent pearl for hair N
If ' orrraments and she "wears them in quantity t'hat is nothing short of amaz- 1 1
'S, '"P- ° And whafthink you of the musical jewels? That is another of the M
W Gadden Girl's fads. Tewels set to dulcet harmonies — a fad in itself suf- M
M ficient to make a belle of anv girl even "less remarkable than the Gadden §1
M ¦ Girl. While as, for color sche'mesin dresi-^-. However, pictures tell more |j
Jm than words ever can. in .the descriptions of' feminine raiment at anv rate. ||
B o therefore the front paee of the tiext Sunday Call will be more eloquent H
y than= reams on reams of'writin.sr to the women readers. If vou want to I j
M ?ee novelty in coiffure, novelty in jewelry, 'you won't miss the Gadden M ,
fl Nor will you" miss "The Woman of the World," by Colonel Kate. II
H which. is an article conceived and written by this clever writer in this ||
B clever writer's verv best stVie." ISIoreover, it contains thincs that every tj
H woman and not g few men wa.nt to know. Of course you are still won- H
H der.ing whether Colonel Kate is. a J" 3 *"* or a woman? That is a tanta- ||
H lizing mystery that adds immeasurably to the charm of these exclusive F]
§1 articles. * f*
g ' And while on the subiect df bright, snappy articles that^vou will be j|
H s«rt to read in the next Sundav Call the "Me-ows of a Kittv" should not * j
m be omitted. These soicv savines are being quoted everywhere, and of fj
• 3 course you've seen the cats. Everybody, by the way. is talking about I
H those cats .and next Sunday'* Call contains a perfect love of a kittv. i
83 But better than all else for those who want to read the literature that |
R is most popular to-dav and which will go far toward making up the clas- |
El sics of the future, there is no limit to the good things. £
M First there is a short storv masterpiece by Jack London, the most i
H famous writer of the lure of the Arctic in the whole world. It is "Where a
M' the Trail Forks." and it is thrilling from the very first to the verv last a
H word. A
M Next there is the fascinating two-page story by Frank H. Soearman. P
H' "The Nieht Watchman's Storv." If you have read any of this exclusive t£
P series of Spearman's railroad stories you certainly won't miss this. In B
¦ point of fact when vou see the pictures that illustrate it you won't be able F*j
H "to resist readine it anvwav. ' l§
y Then there are two full oaees of "Half-hour Storiettes." the latest gj
§1 • craze in literature. . In other words that means eight more of the best "' |jjj
Df short stories that are beiner written to-day. These alone\vould cost vou jS
H anywhere else more than the price of the entire Sunday Call. Eg
m ¦ And this does not include th* third installment of the latest book bv ij
H the famous author of "Chimmie Fadden." It is "Lees and Leaven." rf
m which has broueht E. W. Townsend to the fore as nothine before had t*j
|1 And then there are the "Recollections and Reflections" of the Bonanza f f i
H ?in?s xvbn out a eirdle of eoM around th«* world, written bv Thomas Kj
H Fitch. Th"s series alone would cost you Si. 50 anywhere else. pj
H And th"n there are— but whv enumerate everything in the next Sun- a
y day Call? If you want the verv best that is goinjr in _ the literary and y
II magazine wav you won't nee* rnore than the above brief outline. And 1
P you won't miss the Gadden Girl in any event. «|WASHINGTON. Sept. 3d.— Edward Mi-Kit
trlck of Burlington. Iowa. Deputy Auditor for
the Treasury Department, died to day at his
home her*
EUREKA, Sept. 30.— Made despondent
by ill health, Chanes Carlson, a ship
carpenter, committed suicide to-day at In
dlanola, a few miles from here. Carlson
placed the muzzle of a rifle to his right
car and pressed the trigger with a stick.
His head was almost blown from his
body.
Despondency Leads to Suicide.
SAl.'SALITO, Sept. SO.— As the result of
a dispute with Superintendent of Streets
Parcell, L. M. Hickman, a prominent and
wealthy resident of Sausalito and former
Mayor of Stockton, was arrested to-night
for violation of a city ordinance. Parcell
alleges that Hickman, who is building an
addition to his handsome residence, has
caused the earth from the excavations to
be thrown on the street without regard
for the grade. The matter was heard this
evening by Judge Pryor and was adjusted
to the satisfaction of both the Street Su
perintendent and Hickman.
Must Keep Sausalito Streets Clear.
Carpenter Loses a -Thumb.
James Kcaney, a carpenter residing
at Thirteenth and Harrison . streets, lost
4he thumb of his right' harid yesterday
"afternoon. Keaney's hand was caught in
a planing machine. He was. removed to
the Emergency Hospital. . -. ".
OAKLAND. Sept. 30.— W. J. Hopkins,
secretary* of the Alameda County Gro
cers' and Merchants' Association, has
been elected assistant secretary of the
Alameda County St. Louis exhibit com
mission.
Elected on St. Louis Commission.
The First' Hungarian Mutu.a'1. Aid So
ciety will hold its twenty-fourth . annual
ball at Lyric Hall. 119 Eddy street, on
Sunday evening, October 11. The cotn
mlttee in charge has spared .no effort.- to
make the event the most successful ever
held under the auspices of the society.- •.
Hungarian Society's Annual Ball.
• ; Edward. Johnson, .a" daylight • burglar,"
was '.held- to 'answer tefore the- Superior
Court bf Police Judge Cabaniss yesterday
on -a charge of 'bdrglary "in $2000 bonds..
]He* is sccuse'd ¦> off entering the residence'
of ' Mrs. . Mary Cardoza,;*. 204
Btre'et. on" Seytemb^c 5 and stealing tw©
watches," a diamond, ring, ff' brooch" and
a' small gold crucifix. There ajre twd'otli
er charges pending a.sainst him. ; •»''"-- ; : i i/'
Held for Burglary.
. B. Axelrod, a junk dealer on Octavia
etreet, was arrested yesterday by Detec
tive Ryan and Policeman Mullen on two
charges of receiving stolen property.'. He
is accused of buying scrap brass ar.d cop.
'per stolen from the Calitornla Electrical
works, Zil Mission street.
Junk Dealer Arrested.
; -Thf solemn' .layflng of •'thg'cb'rnerstone'.of;
jHe' rie'vV-R'orh'an -'CiJtbofic^ 'fchurc.h noW- be^-.
'4.n^".«iVect<Hl''' on- - "the n'ofth. glde:- <bf • o '5'el*l
srtf eet, .. Let\Ve.eq-- c FYiin.ftlln- *ahd o 't!oughi
>ipr'*lhe ¦'¦'pi^onJaa.; congregation. .-Hyill
fake J yjafce 'on Sdnd&y 'Ovtdibe'r *4... The.
•«4 r 9 ra .9ny ".Is to t pe '.rnost tni"presslv« %
At 2 •o°cloclc in c th4 aft%r_ribon ail win..as'-_
semUloli* the students', clia^el o{ St...Igna-,|
tius.'C|}"urtJi," c .^iere. benediction .of 'the
•Mes°sed " sacramepto^yill.°*be giv.err,, after"
Tvi\Jcti"a.*proces6Ion o wI!rbe formed .from-
St. l|natiq»to. th'fe.feite cf th'e.nVwchuTch.'
rirst corne* tb'e'.cross-b.eaurer.and.two
oSCcolytes^ then* will" follo.w cliild/eri, *a<ter
jwjioni jvill come gentlemen. In their \y^"* e
¦yvlU. march. thirty. altar boys in c&ssfrcks
"andrBurpiices, preceding- the reverend fcler^'
«fey O 4nd o .hls"; Grace' Archbi5jho*p M6nt©om
erj'j Ao number' of. ladles "Aill come-.next
•{n t We' procession.. .• ". /¦•. .' ." , . '' /'
"¦' & filaVoriian-sfacredsohg Tyili x welcoqie
¦the- processionists, arid thea'the ceremony.
of/"lay}ng "the - cornerstone wHl be-per
¦'"formed by bis' Grace, th&AVch'blsh6p. : The
S. ,J,, will deliver
an oration in the" Sla*y6hlan language^ and
finally' the "Te''D°eura" will be; sung in,
. English by the .whole assembly, •..„••
The church, which will" have a frontage
-of '.55 feet,' with a d^ptk of 120 feet,- is to
have a spurious hall; with_ accommodation
on the first floor for school purposes and
entertainraents. ,T>he upper Btory will con
stitute - the . cfeuYcii proper. The .building,
which' Is to.be erected uport a. solidocon
crete • foundation ' with. ¦ seventeen-Inch
walis.'-will be. constructed of heavy frame,
work artd will slve accommodation f op 600
people on.- each floor. • . . • p
The design of .the- new church is Italian
* renaissance. Two towers > will flank the
!grand Tn'aln entra'neie.. The Interior 'will
be'.designejd with .elliptical ceilings and
arch open.inps, in keeping with- the front
of the buflding. There, are' to be large
•arch, windows, which are >• to be graced
.with*, afi -glass. • One feature will be the
'absence of columns on the second floor
to obstruct passage or vlow. The height
pf the'ehureh walls inside will be twenty
four feet, and the towers are to rise sixty
feet-above' the sidewalk. *
Smuggler Threaten* His Wife.
Joseph Kirk was released from the Ala
meda Coupty Jail on Tuesday after serv
ing a sentence of ten months for smug
gling. He went to his home, at 124 Cedar
avenue, and threatened to kill his wife.
He was,, drunk and was arrested o therefor.
He was released yesterday mornipg. and
his wife swore to a, warrant before Police
Judge Fritz for his arrest on a charge of
disturbing the peace.
Caught in' th'e Machinery.
. Frank May ° aged 14 years, was severe
ly shaken up yesterday afternoon by be
ing "caught in the machinery at a can
nery at Webster and MpAllister streets,
where he Is employed. He was treated
for several , abrasions of the head and
body at the Emergency Hospital.
Dug up from the .- camp at Boulogne
which : Naooleon formed in the hope of
Invading England, a collection of buttons
representing twenty . French . regiments
has been i presented to the Army Museum
at Parts. * ? V^ //
' OAKLAND, Sept.- 30. -/.The dh ; oVce' : .suit
-of. Jose S! ; Azevedo'. of ¦ San .- Lfeahdro
against aijary Azevedo is attracting th'.e
¦ attention 'of a Jarjje puriion.df thte Portu
guese Settlement., at, !San Leand'ro: ' Sixty
witnesses 'have' .bee;n. s'ubpenaed in-beVialf
of the parties *to the' action and •'Azeve'do
waspn- the. ?tand 0 the' eottre.-dajr .fir his
own behalf. The" case promises to take't^)
the better' part of : the' week. .' ¦ • .'.
The plaintiff owns- a saioon business i'n
San Leandro, .-besides, some ;' realty. He
¦married "his .present t wlfo about a year'
ago. She .was . then ,a widow with two
children. ' He states that after he married
her he found out that she- drank to ex
| cess and comported herself in anything
t but the way a dutiful wife should.
In answer she. says that ,he was cruel
and lays the blame of most of their mis
ery upon his shoulders. She asks that
she be given the decree, the custody of
the two children and 125 a month alimony.
There.
Azevedos of San I^eandro* Divide "tha
' - Sympathy of the Settlement . *
The various societies connected with Bt.
Paul's German Lutheran Church will give
a fair and bazaar at Elntracht Hall oh
Twelfth street on October 12. IThe com
mittee in charge consists of, Mrs.. P.
Eranke, Mrs. M. Harder. Mrs. ' L.. Xlcoll
and Mrs. Leichncr.
St. Paul's Church Fair.
POETTjeFUESH DIVORCE Sl/li? ' .
•'.¦- ' . - COUNTRYMEN*
¦": Tbe annual inspection' of. ttie» Police..De
partment. by =the" Pdlice: Commissipji<3rs
will take .place .<tWs 'afternoon." The°n»ert
will fofm on'Va'n'Ness avehue, between
-Geary and Post streets, at *J2. o'clock. The
"reviewing etand '-will be. at .tlie' corner of
Post, street." "After the"fnsp«ictlon .the; men
will march along. tne : .'aveiiue£t0 Slarftet
sir o eet, 'down Market 0 to Sahspnie, : from
to Call forniJt,' 4 f ton) California^ tq
Montgomery, from Montgemlry °tq.;-Posfc,
'tfom Post- to Kearny- and. from Krfapnyjjto
the- Hall of Justice,- where .'they, wfil Ttije
dismissed.' -In; the. everting' therfewiil be a
.bartquet at' the .California Hot£.lV; •'••••"..••.•
Police to" Be'..mspect*ed. c
Juder* Murasky made an order yettPr
day dJrectfss the Sheriff to bo] the stai-
Uons Cardwell and Don Gara and' the
mare Jercldiero, the property of A, - C.
Archer, the hcrstman. The sale is the re
sult of a suit for $1200 brought by Eliza
Dutard againFt Archer, and In which she
obtained Judgment. <- ¦ • "
Orders Sale of Horse.
Ar.ton S^calla o; 323 Fourth street was
¦arrested by Deputy Fi?h Commissio.r.er-
Ingalls yesterday for having fresh' salmon
In his popfiession. John Frcx." a member
of the Log Angeles G«m« Protective ' As
sociation, was fined $30 for killing- quail
o t of season by Justice cf the Peace-
Cheney at Murietta yesterdav. • •'¦-.*¦
Game Law Violators, Caught.
"Held' pn-.SCufder Charge.
¦ Qubn'.You- .a. Chinese, was- hel'd_ to. an
swer- ¦be'fore'-'ttie Supenior' Court '.by' Po-*
.lice. J-udKe. Ca'banJss yesterday oh .a 'charge'
"of -'rmutdar. • 1% is alleged, that he -was' one
of -.the* cphgp'lrators • whp. plo'tted'to Kill
!. T.o.m Y.ick* of the.- Chinese Educational So-
r -ciety.: Nine" bf 'the 'conspirators /were 'lri
"dlcteil'-by' the • Gfand. Jury and '.6ne,--.has
1'been-t.Hed -arid' *edrivicted-.by. : .a -jufy:ln
• JudTip-Lawlpr's court.! 0 ' Quon. You's bonds
i-.wer'e fixed "in; $10,000- w.fth the' consent of
! the .prosecutibm. „•'* > ; .' .'. V' *-.. .
AV. J. and Kattie Fieldir? applied tci'.the
Supfrior Court yesterdaj; for an order.'d.i
recting the issuance , of a of review
of the suit against J. P. Gallagher,- which'
was recently dismlssed^in the court-'pif
Justice of ihe Peace Van N'ostrand. "They,
claim Van Nostrand ''had t/j power to dis
miss the suit, as he did, on the ground of
lack cf prosecution. c : ¦'•-.- .- % ¦*^-" t
Say Van Nostrand VTas in Error.
BUILDING NEW
HOUSE OF GOOD
: p'ERKELEy,"Sept. SO.-rl't ha.s .just"be
come public thai- •¦Mjss.'l'tianche" Whiting,,
daughter Of tfi?. late Town Trustee; JJ! .T.
\Vhiting, • -and": George .W. Cpllignon," a-
of Posttftaster George Scfirnidt,
were- secretly 'jnarrie'd o .' : ;at' Schmidtvili*?,
Contra Costa County .. on July 22 of this
year.. ' The young lad y'.s "mother objected
to -.the wedding;- so -the • couple .'arranged
4p be.-- married put ijf totrn. -Tiiey 'drove to
SchmiatvlUe, 'accompanVd • by- the " Rev.
R.'.'L.' Halsey, .pa^^o|-."o°f -the First-'feap
tistj Church of this city, 'and Rome frl.eh'ds-.
and. were . married -iu'.the*. Baptist church
(it the littie'Co'ntrar Costa 'town. ;.
'• The- bride's .mother .-tear-ned bf the-.es.
capa'de and'made ha^te.'to ,t;i"ke her daugh-
c ter-.tp cMontreal',. Co.na.da, where 'she jiow
livts." . BrloVe and f.6rrf>sp«nd, but
as th'^. bride- Kas,no nxians upo'n. Whtch, to
trave.l - and the groom .is "npt now .-working
at'hisoccupation" as Jicjtor, it will, proba
bly be '.&• long time .15«for^f Ithey meet
¦again." ..Coilignon at first defiled,, that he"
was married, but after • consulting-with
hls/'uricle 'admitted that', t-fte story, "was;
true.'- •. r '••* . . ' ..' "•-.. • ,»•„
George » W.' Coilignon ' -aild ¦" Miss
Blanche Whjting Outwit. Parent's ".
-^V- . by !V7ecl.din^ on the Sly. \, t r •.;"•_
YOtJNG 'PEOPLE . MAERY °°. •' . . ;
;¦; .- SEORE^riL Y : . ANI> -THEN' PART
The Chamber" pf Commerce 'has just, re
ceived *rom Henry B. Miller. Unite?
States Consul at^ Newchwang. China, a.
fyncpsis of the tariff w.ilch is about- to
ro into effect at Port Arthur and Dalny:
The rate? pc-ntrally are conside'red reaf
sor.able. Discrirn I nation k made Hn. fayor
of Russian cargoes on a! importations. .
G«ts Beport w Tariff.
I : Thei'.'SultV'-broiight- -Ivy.; Ralph Cottori.t6 :
f -c'orhliel.. the' TFIret-,. National . J3arik; ot this'
| ; city I to -cash a. phieck for. "$75i> .and- a .draft
•.fo'r.$ : 700;was ! : aeci.de** by' Judge Sloss yes
.-^rday. '~° The ' bifnic" mugt ¦ honor:' the check
. a'nd°-afaft-.''..".The._suit' Is- t lie outcome of a
-.po.ker"'game. played; On- a -train' near. Salt
'L r ake':-b'y'- : Cottori- and •. "ClarR' Jantes.- The
letter" lost lind gave :.eottort the- check and
idrajt, vAyHe-n- . thts ¦ train a'ralved -. at'.&ait
< Lake' I .he.'had'pnj"niejit ¦stopped', with' the.
'result '.tlidt. when, Cotton- appeared at th-j
baiik. ; nt ."-was * refused '- hjm," CTne
bank- was willing.' V> pay', bufwanted :iro
te'cljoik hi. £he* *v.ent i'.that, Clark., w.o.uid'
.make-' futther/ protest, and;. advised, the
commeiicen\e'rit 6/.th'$ sTii^,.- • • ' .',*•
;'¦¦ • Viffiust 'Honor .-.Gne'ck' and; j)raf t,
" /' b'RPN; .-SHt:'"''. IN/STRUCT. J3DJ-. ip?..
Dr. Hunkins Is Vindicated-
l"n<Jor instructions from Judge Hunt a
jury in his~ court yesterday, rendered a
verdict for for ;he defendant in the
Iralt for $.50,'>'V) damans for. malpractice.
hrought 'hy Martiri I^-.throp against. Dr.
S. J. Hunk"jns. Lathr p commenced the
suit more«*h,<in a year ago, but never ap
pear* d to prosecute it. Dr. Hunkins yes
terday appeared and nld the court how
he had taken the best ->f care of Lathrop
for nothing-, rand the iistructlons to the
jury -iullov.-edl. ¦-¦'<".¦-' -H
/Na|iye ] .s'ons3 ."Minstrelsy;.'- '¦¦
g* .There., \iaajk- craVfcred; Hi*use In: Native
.¦^dns^-H.ali' •i^t\ lifgiat .f o vcWjoy ' the ininr
. thet ¦Native
"Sqns o !'o"f...the:.' Golden .T\Vest : In- -aid ' of -the
. fun(J-;iUa"t--'is ---befiig;' raised .to. jnake'the
¦ : H : rrkiigcmen^s."' f-or..the jau'nehirig
::6i;^ke;.fT.ujstr : Californfa.'' Some, new fea
• tiipes. Ver.e . introduced' 1h programme
.¦antL : tHe-i)Vr.;f«»rniahce. was 'very, creditable.
"¦Grand. Trustee James A-' "D.ecoto/de4iyered
| .an. o elfciUe n't address on- the vfrd'rk of the
p.cpjnfntt^.ee.Vi.'Aiter.'.the" show' there '-.wa.s
'/danefns irnder-.theVai'rectibh .of '"W: B/ Ha
f .if."Pad'flci'P^tor;;'floor :^h manager, •••:"
j-1;''j^eiAs'fcori^/-sepJea\'di'.'UiesaV» ri^r'iW;
HJiiehiii:. WOUCbe'given'.. in "the -sarhe; hall'to
;^^^/s^:^>-^V'-;:.''vv'-,v; I.'...:- ¦¦;¦•?•¦:.••.•
Snow Libel • Case -DfsrAisScd. ,
! " The.'case"/ of .R? ' \V.J o 6no w;. ex-Mayor -of •
(Dakla'nd, ' chafgwi .wfth-;..cisim-indl'.libel ..'bj^
A.' -Goldman?- rftjerp han't,-' OaklandV"w*is.=fl>* J „
missed. .W. PplVcfe. Juag.e t Fri't3vyeker<*l4y-'
Geldmarr vUs caile'd'-lo. th.e -stand- arid- sa1&'
that; irte-'And SnpW. had- .jr<*n> friends- fol
yeirs, but ftad trouble, °.and ,"w.hjeh
Snow present€°d"-''a •b°Ul*.°fpr.- services "ujfoiv
him as? 'nurse} Jie'-beciame; angry.- : .H,e' re
gretted °his'.h'as"'ty' action',: and,; as. every
thing 1 wai.JsatisYactorily. settled .he'aak'ed
that the • case °Jb£- di^'missl«d.'.. 'The J-udge
In dlsmissing;the. case. advised obo^h-Gola
rrtan aijd-Snoyr' to.^ir. 't5ieCr-troublei in,
Oakland. and 1 jiot ..botiiei: t.he courts hare". .°
i. : ?:-i. :-:¦•:-:¦¦¦•/¦'¦'¦¦ 8 r^-.--. ! °.--';-;° ¦ ; «¦ #v^-"-V
¦¦¦\\* 7/ ° Ju -^ 5 < ? 1 *P4 °^il.- ¦ JA If°."'\^w«r of ,
¦'; >^r^7 "¦ §7S '. t Th.ir4ert.tffy "•slrd^t. \ Jfifs /-;ci-t=y;.
Vsiturdij: v :i'6:: : .' : Ei'^rii(0: rM*,*^ iJ^f 1^*^. i
We;a3th'y o ' iurij'&^ry.ma nl.'bf. "Southern- (fall- |
l to_Fnia.v'.Th.e'.^u'i>'(e.'°.^ill "regijil'a ' In"
Vdfrnpf! yv-^erVAth'& . pro din V has '"^ -.palatfar"
™^ra*t/"i'V.^:'i : = °.-:i:.~ ..*• !'• '-°.'. '• y : • 'V; .-"• .
j"'° T-Jiie, rfiarriafee -as- .the °result -of :.a";p'retjtK;
| -Fqfei'eH T\-jiVj;lsfre|jut ed'f o ;be°s.erera£tirn<?s
j . i a'--m.llli^alrt^nfeagi^/ Mfcs-'
k&by'e.Ejiess '/of-'H^: tji'OJ'.sinairi 'children,. 18s.
' Svffe ftArfngrV^die^ lM?ii&u$t] •¦'i.ifne'.;bef6f£ %
L XVliile.;- .iri • :t^fi°.lli6me.l,a.V P dsqgevk "Miss*
; -^i^^fi^ )^e; :^ Xj^clif\Arsrr
rand: : |hc'iaeniair^_-;the^a3o^
' °f^-hferP''%Hfe- -j^fe' xLtto^ijif H 0?^^^ f*4* .
0 ohis:;so'yjrV£ss/::ff^^^
• riake X .yvag * : 'ppg posed;-, iiy'- ;the?- \-inf a\ua |ed •
* widejwer, <artd .he: swas" a-cceDtt"dJi:''°i;- ; ¦ o'-' j. •-.'.'.
vV-lijcb (jefjerrfrriy-'.^as..VeKy;.Quietlyo-.'per 1 
•/o'nn'ed ait the Hotel :'X-cth?rlands';'Mh:'Ne>.
.Yorlc.'by 1 Dr. 'fcuffleld: jCnd. annoU-ijcern'enjts ,
o c 3re°.ry>°^r ;se.nt, out' • 'to.V.tlj.e;! brfiie'a
frien<3s.°=in-'OaR'l.afld. '« :_«" l-T'.'i'r'-i : -~"r'.\f o° V
¦>„ ajiss Brewfer.' is- a .prradyatfe. ; Df'.'.t-'he Vpajc^
larid'*lligb 'Scboo^afrd/thfe'.^n'iv'ersrt),;- of
2^ew:Yorkf °She'.taug1it SeHdot'in'-tMs cfty
a'ad = Hodoluiw:-; :«j - : 'V \ ''•;' e - i : " ,-¦: '••? ••„ . ; .
.- father ;is"«.' $&\l -.k'nown.
.'.lawyer. gnd--tKe' c farnVlx 'was" quite px.om^
at oqe"t1me incHonolu'l'y. -H-er ;.als-.
4er ; Mi^ A«hle r, o is a. teachf r°in
thW ddkland-l-Itefh StiVibfH,. 0 V.-f. > : .-" if
The board direct- d InspectiDr Fitzsim-'
mon to stop'^ill building 1 operations on the
lower fi'Scr Of the liilding at. the corner
of Bush and Kearny streets until a step
and standnipe whi^h encroach, on the
Hush strc-iM sidewalk are removed. ..; ; ;y.'
W. I. Joyce, fins-.ncial secretary, of -the
l^aborer^' Protecti'*; Union, pleaded that
th« wagrs ol laborers, in the city's em-;
ploy be increased to $3 per day. He .was;
informed t^at the Board of Supervisors
alone had jurisdiction in the matter. m :"C
Thf,;'hoarn oper> d bids for^therepavinc;
of Speai street, b'tweeq Market ,-and.iMir-.- :
sion. The' lowest bid was frbmfth^.Oty
Street f Tmproycro>nt ~ Cprnpany.: -fpr'^VQ'"'
730 55. and the contract will be awarded/tb:
the firm next Frlriiy.-.-VV.A ':.<\:V' c -^:-Ifi^^>
E. \V r . Newhai: .appeared .befbre'-'t^e
board i|i. behalf of a petition to. njoye/vhe'
NVwhail' rp sidenct . at..the corner.' of
N't-s avenlie and Sutter street, to avllot :
on Pacific v Ftreet. near Fillmore.' . : 1fh0'
board feltVincline<i to grant the p^titipn..
but j>ostj^ined act: in until to-morrow/- "•¦
S. W." Hollad.-. y. . owner; o.f :.,the ; ; bufldi
ing occupied by ihe Americian .Sai.tyf^b.ni-.
pany.-,"xhihiied sjothcritles. ajs~. tbVhis,:sir>'
and State titles of . the Steiiart \ : 8tre« t
property. : . "" .••."••/ 'V--S- ¦'¦[ ¦';'''•.^ ; >^. .-. : y.i':;;\r.
The board hai instructed .Inspector ctf
Complaints Grifrn to invrstijrate )(he mat
ter and -he rei*rted that there' -aiievflye
frame 5tr-ucturo« obstrucUnsr ,*he -.Btreet
nam«vl. the occ . ant* of" whtchNpJ^y. :*
monthly rental i » tho Sarita~F"e;Ra'nwi|iy;;
t'nmpany for tli-- us«» of the gameVCap.T
tain A. H. Pays m. vice presidcritjiof- the
companv. statpr that thf . • company: '.'atV
quired .i tjuitcl.-. rn <U-e<l -to- ajl.'-^he.-i^n
provem« nts d«'s< : ib.'d '¦ wLth/-4-he;-e;xce.pt.i>in'.
of the'buildine ¦ -cupie<l by the/.A.me^icait
Salt Company a v a warehouse:.at;..t.fre:tirn.e
the corporation purchaE»> J d/t'lie: > 'a.|ljOining
properly.. He j^po stated 'that^fh'p.'.c.6mr;
pur.y v. ¦>:; : re: \ • t!:e obstructions '¦¦pro
vidt-d oi he r pa: *. ios are - compellieki/ .to ; d«.
iike«i.-«-, ; ; ¦-.-¦',¦• ; . : ¦ - ; ¦ ''-¦ ¦; \ : - r : : V^y : :i^^. '¦•
The Bpardf of Public Works yesterdav
dedded to ask the advice of the City _.At~
torn«>y as to the proper' procedure, -re
quired to rrfcompass the ' : . rexnoyai. of rnr
rroachmehts at the foot of Steuart, street.
Action w:as taken on the petition- of. the'
Harbor Commission requesting co-opera-;
lion of the city to remove (he" obstruG
tiou*. " ¦•¦>¦. :••'¦ '•..'¦- ''¦'•¦ . : ... '.': :-- : '''- 1
.¦•r*'.-,-'-"^-/'-'* -Each. "propp'sitiori forfthe- A^qulft-
t.t(-!n. v i cf'>jji; - Ji.';pi" > blk i ;iitiUty ror. utilities.', shall
' .fipfclfjf './the. 4i moil iif of .'the . b.oznl*d.« Indebted-"
¦iitr&a .ft>«ssap' • ihrrefor.arid .the- ra'te/of •irit«f-.
¦.¦.'.-•t; tfi[er«5n./..iiid 'the BoarvJ'of. Sifperyj^ors- shall
¦i=ubnrtU ito. -Vhe "elel-jors. at ->ut»h y;>ecial' Wecjio.n.
¦ thV'-fl'ip»l»nJi=wbett>er such «K»ndetl "ind'ebtedn*SS
•shall.. tie -4nrurr«v4.' "At l*ea>t twofthlfdj .ef the
.'clVcitJ}r8.ybllhg--'at -aiicli speciaJ"elw:tfon.sl^U -.be"
.¦necessary" -\o 'secure' t"he ~acq'uisi.tu'n< of fiich
publib.-eUlItrrVvr .uUVitri's;ah.J fo.»* arrant" the.
.issuah.ee. pf n4m)cl'pal-"bon(Js'"'th»>tiofor. -.. 'I:..-. *
': ¦'Thevlarig:Jiagci"is:V)«*ar.o ana; sp.ec^efe that
tvko.^tbirds -of- th'e' iele£.rors~\*otin£* at. : sucl.i.
speclal>l;ecii6n° kre- : nccOssar>v'to ;.s.ecure trte"
' i^pr^Veniefe-rd^ifed-'.o •Jfo^ \ a's.27;.2-3i elec
•tora'^ot^^l-th^-iTebtl/J.ni • it : f 6.11»ws tSa£.
; lS,la6; A^tifk^are^ereppary.'^p'-^arry.iftjcji.
¦ p'ropositici.nj-:;.'This *'.-afl2rij»a'f ive.; votS-. Uhe"
; Telegraph 'rllU 1 jWoj?^ tioit : ..:- (Tid"- hot ,-flf*".
Cei^e.. ;The,-,'fftfft^'haV. &-tpta"rof "only .25,.^.
nfr'|yot£|^^x^re)Me4' ,Vh"e.ir. -on"
•¦thft. I Te.leKrach::-H.i'lli^r:o4ect- ¦ghi.b.tVs. that
12{7. eietrors •f4^Jl8fll:ltcl:-*:oteiori.. tliis pax,-
• -tic'ular -pTcvos itkni.^' u ' t V : '¦'. • v .-'..-'. • - ¦„; ¦» J /
p
.tai.iied'I.n:^€ : Qi : ic(h'^.'whIch"Te o pe&ts-'the.lan-:'
•gu jfgje UFed' in . •section o 4."-. ; th:rt*.t. j vJ-<>-t:hif;d3 '
¦of i;he. electors Vot-inff". at: thV-specUr-e'lecf
'•tlbh^.ar;e. iiecessa'rv: "i.a".5.eoure;-'tfi<! ' acqftlsU-'
• tidii.-bf'apj- utility'. or o iinpfov^rneat/ o •*'_>•
• .T-heX'attentlon-'.^f' c City .Attdraey! liaf\,e,
wai? '/directed- to the- foregoing" farcts^'yes-.;
' ter.d£LS<arpd • Uiat .- a"l.th&uffH;°dls%-V
clined' to-pass 6n -the" Matter. : .at .onca:*al"d :
-iti4jM w4s . a . point -.Invqlvea • whjch : ; wquia..
cefta-iiTly' bear.-investigattcrn. ° •• : *-. \'
¦ "it will lie th'6 Odat^-. 'flfVth*: ',EI.ecVibji
.Cbmimfssipnfirs to declare tie. official -..re!--,
suitVof.!' ih e bond. ¦clecii6n t ''-sai(3 Mr., -lii.ne.:.
,"I presiimeVn .will also .be- tbeir. : dy.ty : Ha
doc'lar<»^ -whetbier V^a.ch p'jrp'po'si.ti.oo'° i r-.e
ceived].° the. ;.necessar>7 ° two-t.hjrd,« • °.yptey'
iny- attentTdn' haB.baen\caUed. Cc inejin^;'twQ-'
t M r 6$: o t; Che- . tola 1 . ,V 6 te ¦ das t£ at ?t*ie : ; eiLtfCr
tlahy'- In;any . «Veht- the- B;oard/pf Sup.eiv^
Visor!^ \i-fri;Ti'o- dpubt '.seek*- legal -iaVlyac'ef .ott.]
the . majtef^ as^ the point -ls.'.'suscep/f iJble _°o°f _'\
coh'siderable.'doubt." ¦:/. .•".•'.% -'.'¦¦'/¦' .\*,' ¦*" ?
.C;TJ(i r eVcha^.tVrVprQyMo^
'u|tUlt(^/a>c\h{^^ppUt9|iw;'Jn .Fettion. 20
:aV^C;ljr>{Ky V ;.'t3)/'" t i'Ul5:ic'.;' lfnp.rqv;e-ni).6nts- -Cof
'.VfhichVJt;:'!'?. ¦¦.5-TOjro- ; ed "to. -issile i>qrtds. ; ;" *T.h»J
iflfleni9inen\ : ;-f<^. *jtTfie\cliarJter"'lh • section;' 4.-,
•art j.c'le-' 13°' ct5.ncer:y ng l.b'oh'd • issues rea.d.s-.as '
¦fo'iiows':..:^'' .'¦/¦¦ :V "<":¦ ''. - ';¦ ° ¦' ¦ . :'•¦ •-¦•:
fAJ^rdlnglta/the-jlaio Pr?.Y*?iqrts '.of 'the
'.muiilcip'al .cji.ast«'fva.s : . i ifiri'ended by :*^fttp - of'
the" people ai.; the."» i i* > C I l^ n .-h' e 13*t»i I ;J'5? lJenl^
b^r4. 19C;; Ittje p"rq.i*)5VtiX)a.to. "issue \ bonds
.'in .'- ;th<*'/ sum; ./of ' 'SW7.B06 tfor I £ ."pub-"
lici'.'p.aVk •• -oih '; ' ; TclfKriph.' \ I.W1 '••" w?is
beiton 'at- ¦d'-iic^ita'^s-i.ejectlnn : . because 1't
idiVj npi r'ecelA^i-i-fie two^tfcl-rdp
vaiV' : of ; atr:ihe'-fia"lYMa-OT«t'' < at'tHe'e)ecU(i£;
..The.; ni4- ¦.fei'ven-'. put' by
fhe--;re&iFtra-ti:o ; n : - -onico vsHqw^ lhat.t: '17,7*)
*j^^ ?^«^e-i«C^ :^^^it--iheri3lleg»pfi
w'as'.-Ei\yn:;QUl".:'rli"at.'.it Jiacl' cafrieii:". The
: v.sfs-.27.-234.; lyEwA-Xbtt&.'.'Qt . ln^ s "hVmber is
Y^i5«V}> t htc1i;-:rtje;r'f^^rav i h-'Hin iroppkir
?j^n;>feiip.uW ~ha v^V ri*ce;iv.ed ."in ,[ord*r- 'to* lri'
;syP^^t^..iiiW«v*l's.&fe"^hfe'!P.o.l'^.-.--"-Ji'.ihete_fofe
•failed;- f o"'jpaf,ry-; l)>-;ex.Vct.ly.'-..3C6'' votos.- : .'
'.-¦¦• aaio'^e^ignatl^a /bit ; - Maud.e * Hy'rhan >r as
-|eachpr't'in--;th-e;:liue.n-ai. -Vfe^. 8 - -'School; -was
acce^v.e<I."i'--./.! : - ..;'*;..•• '"' =V-'- *.••''- V=iV •.
J ;d^eg4U*iK.do^lBti.qK>of r^V,«Fa^her«.
jtiirgh.y? ! a'nd."3i'.'-Wl5t-let > : waited * on the'
,bbaYfii- and'.' regM^sUd- .that'- the; «h'airges
•rhadp '"asalnst.. 0^irs.'' - o.B.ebe_<;ca'.-.G.Teenan,
D .unoTi.'fwhi'cn*;-sfip ; wtis, removed; : ffojm ".the
•gchQOi^-R.epartmenX 1 twfi.yeafs .ago; be.'re
[ joijened.^and"" VhAt v s'Hfr\iiie ac'cord'ed.^another
: .tltfbneirs V^ln 'iie*t' .'Wednesday riiorning,.
¦^h^a.^som.e^actioji'-'.wiliybe- taken. •¦••¦•¦".
¦¦.¦.".li. Q .St3^)inia.; jof . tho;; : New' World,'
::on-.'.'tjeh'£li? 'p.f'-Jai?anese o ;resl(ieht3,';'8en'-t. Ja
: corf>ra:iini!c : at'tio]i.' a.sKingfth? .bpard. t* -.ex-;
pj,a|h v -itsfnoli'c>' .^esaf^lng. '-the* receptlo;n.
:df . : J»i»s.n.es'.ft. > RB.pilsin .the-'publlc "schools.
%£feayetfrn abVsnce.'werB grftnted.ticrNor.a
.Mo^hiKan^VMari::': 1 -.- .G«ar>\Helen '.Tf.. .Cbn^
••l^;V:'AniietVe.VMV-rP n y. : and °Mafgaret- A."
•¦S^itfi:":/-'".\vV :V-.V.::V : -.••••¦'• '•••;•• \ /: '-. •
•;»*;T.iw .Bodrjj" of KdupaHoii yesrtexdSy .set
.niext? Ttipsd^. xnortfi-ng at- 10" .o'clock aa
. thef .time .i'o'.begin "hearing eJiafges -against
;Misa ; J.eVi'n 'A^'Dyiyer^qeting .principal- of
4h<i .South' End School./ .that 'she. had se
-¦Vereljr^.":n.uni?hed '&; ' 'put)!} .named- -Frank
/jOiiig-hstn;.- The Vero"ftte&°- o by'..Su
•p.erinjj?nd*n£q.( 'Schools"'L<ang'don,'who : in-,
/vegtlggti&cl^a"; complaint. l --.madeJby^ "Henr.y
;Jd.*.'|C§llJJ 1 ivunpI^5e£ *th's boj'j. £<ang4on'. in
¦jh\.s:l^ppt t : >siii;s: •.•.V.'-.-.V '•;.. '¦' .-• ¦¦"' J ' ;;• •'
..VMlS^-riwyeri'ha's -to "njafce"- any state
,,;nvsnt-regard-Ink: 1 tli,e:o<!purrenc^. : further tBac to
-.jehter'.a'gegcral 1 ienial-'tb.'-.the. charge' "oJT. *:6eat
'"inif.un-niesicruHj^'.-Erank. JDulgnan' -a .yu'pll of
i.t'Jie.ySQufHjEbrf; •'••.• .;••¦<*: •'¦'.'"
: 'f-.On;- tHat^'-,fcccouiit.\ V :<fr>" not" feel •¦ that 'I .qm
, l%/juir.'-.^x)sspss|b"n"of '-.the .tac|s 'of* -the. case,
>&uf-; t&V'iuii'ciintfjidfcted. flta,t*ments':bf- thq'ser- pup
i;Pll». Jnt^tVleWeil^'y-injf; deputies-charge !Ml?s
<"JfeaU : jV'-: .-'D^j r er ; .. .with" ' riaxipMnir arf exceesU'e.
XcrucKva-nd.-'Un.usrlial-- pprilishihent'-I tow.a'rijl ¦' Frank
<i)\jlgnari>:- /y*;.--;'?X-v •'-•> :- - ¦ •• :.'."¦"" •'.. . • • '".'"¦
» ;». I'.do;- ,t{icrefffrev'-.ch;arg« : ;.*Mls&~Jean* A..Pwyer
iwltfr-.Vihiifctfns:- 7 . exc.t.siilv.fe.cprporal-V'punls.hm'e.nt
b'n-'-Fr^hkv-'lChiisha.ri "-'.by . :^tf.iklng./hlm\ : on- the.
¦;i.Vg8V. ; w*h-a<r£rtlaTi-.untl-r -they "were. Mack", and
;'.hIufe".lh*&"ftk"lngft-hTrrt". : with •¦"a'- rattan .qn Xhe
I ; faci»" '• ¦w'J^ch' • ; leT*Va"' mark, on-' -his .temple; tin
•¦sffi.king""hlm.9rv.;tiie"lifea.d wlth'jier." hand: and In
istrjklnK 3 hfJn:."9n'-tlii? ; Kand-.about tw.enty times.
'«;lfb c "a-"st"rip. : --and-..lii'--beatln? him'-.cbritrnuoualy
. for' f /ie?ti--to{"i < vveB,ty.-.'mlnutea,"ali;of.-tvhJch. fa
•'contcjirj* >i$' 'sScjtlonr* 'C4 ¦ of •..•tho';r01es-. -of- "the'
Tibard' oC: Edufcatfo'ri^Vv- '.. .¦-.¦ '.-¦.:• . " ' >'¦'•.."
Laborers ; Make : Appeal for
Increase in Wages to 7:
' S3 Fer Day; Vvv ; ¦;/••:;
Board "of.. Education Accepts
'X'' . of O.ne. - - o °
•;: ••'. / . : " Teacher:.'.' . / ; °
Uncler a Charj.'e-VAmenfime'nt
.7 Jfhe Froposition :Lac)ted r v->.
'¦: C : v ¦ ¦;; :' 366 Vo- es. -*: ;• /. •: &£
Failed - to I Si&cei^e % Two
*,; Thirds bif;aU Ballots; ••°.
Board Proceeds Against
Encroachments on
Steuart Street. :; : 0\
Miss.£>wyer Accused pf
-•c. _•• - m'> " ' * O X>
j -.{Severely Punishsifig, '
TELEGRAPH HILL
PROJECT BERTEN
WILL REMOVE
OBSTRUCTIOMS
PRINCIPAL MUST
STAND A TRIAL
THE SArN.;^JUAKCISip.6^CALt;!;:TliLUI?SbAY;-^pCT6BfiR *l v . 1903.
Miss Margaret A'. 3rewer;-.p^^tef«d{ o Judge;d.7:PI'. Bre.weiv
; : -^ts : iMarned "in New /York Cfty to°Eldndg^M:. F^wfef,
.^the/.^Vealt^ 6p Southern- ;! California
PRETTY GOVERNESS WINS
HEART OF A MILLIONAIRE
9
; r ;' : '} PBAGEBS
jpij Double Stamps |p^
||llj To-Morrow ililj
8 1™ and Saturday, iz?
of " h*U*4 of
.° One ; x ft^f j Oi^e
j^^C F1238- 1250 MARKET ST. ««?. \ pjl||| | :
i^^^^J Watch Friday's papers for great jk^^aj
t&zggSC) ' . bargains in every department. (wpujrift
COOK' BOOK OFFER TO
CLOSE OCTOBER 30.
The Call's Cook Book' prem-
ium offer will close on Octoher
30, .1903, and all readers of this
paper who c desire a copy of this
household treasure should not
fail to place their order im-
mediately.
This splendid premium will
be offered to Call subscribers at
the exceptionally low rate of
fifty cents per* copy. -Out of
town orders twenty cents ad-
ditional to cover prepayment of °
transportation charges.
KEW ADVEBTISEMZNTS.
— — - _
TO CUBE DANDaTJFF
It Is Necessary That the .Dandruff
Germ Be Eradicated.
"Destroy the cause you remove the ef-
ftct." Kill the germ that causes dandruff
falling hair and baldness, you will have
no more dandruff and your hair niust
grow luxuriantly. Herpicide not only con-
tains the dandruff germ do-troyer but it
i. 1 - also a rnoFt delightful hair dressing for
regular toilet ufc No other hair prep-
araticn 1r on this pcientiflc basis of de-
stroying the dandruff germ, and none oth-
<r claims to be. for the simple reason
that it is only recently that a destroyer
of thf germ has. been discovered— NVw-
liro's Herpicide. the only hair preparation
that actually kills dandruff. Sold by lead-
ing druggists. Send 10c in stamps fo-
!-ample to The Herpicidt Co., Detroit.
Mich.
Can't Sleep?
its your nerves'. Dr. Miles* Nervine
will strengthen them and bring sweet
sleep and health. Delay is dangerous.
All orus cists *ell «"d ftuarantee. fiend postA)
fur book on nervous ril*«-u e».
T.h tiers Mfctuoul- Co^Ctbtrt IDG-
CUTLERY
EVER/,BL/OARRANtED
AMUSEMKNTS.
FOUR DAYS ONLY OF
"The Glad Hand" and "Ths Con-carers"
On Monday NIgrM. October .'>. 1U03. First Pro-
duction of
"THE PARADBRS."
The Great Ea.'Tern Musical Comedy Success.
Entire New Music. Song*, fcenery. CcstumcS
and Ma«niflre:n Stage. Effects.
• : • Our VAll-Star" Casts. Including
KOLB AND DILL.
BARNEY BERNARD.
. WINF1ELD BLAKE.
HARRY HERMSEX.
MAUDE AMBER.
ELEANOR JENKINS.
Reserved Peats — Nights, 25c. TrfV and 73<?|
Saturday and Sunday Matinees. 25c and 50c;
Children at Ma?ine-=s % 10c and 25c.
I IVULi HOUSE.
(NOTE — Performances ' commence at S sharp;
Saturday Matinee at 2 sharp.)
TO-NIOHT
. Sunday Night t.id Saturday Matinee,
'•-t> zefs W. ndsr-ul >Vorlt,
CARMEN
Friday and Saturday Nights.
Rossini's Fumouj Co'eil.v Opera.
The Barber of Seville
Next Week— "LA BOHEME" and "OTELLO.'*
PRICES AS USUAL— 2.V. 5<Vt. 73c.
. - • . '. ¦ Telephone Bush ».
ALL AL An eTT
General Manaresw i
TO-NIGHT — LAST WEEK BUT ONE!
FLORENCE ROBERTS
- David B<>la3co's Dramatic Triumph
¦ z/\z/\
TO-DAY— L.\ST MATINEE OF
....D'ANNUNZIO'S GIOCONDA..^
Evenincs. . 2T>c to 75c; Mat., 15c to 50c
•; Night Prices at Gloconda Mat.
. OCT. 12— OPENING OF THE
NEW ALCAZAR STOCK COMPANY
With A DELE BLOCK and JAMES DURKltf
".'• in Plncro's, L-\DY BOT'NTIFL'L.
\ ". Sale Besin? Next Monday.
MJsh-C'ass Specialties Cv^ry After*
novii and Evening In the Theatre.
TO-HIOHT
GALA AMATEUR PERFORMANCE
W1U»
NEW LIVING PICTURES.
LION SLAYING BABOON IN THE ZOO!
. . VISIT THE 1
"MYSTIC MIRROR MAZE"
ADMISSION' 10c | CHILDREN 5o
1 aiaWV gee the beautiful
j COURT Lounging
/HIM room, the EMPIRE
auu PARLOR, the
r J PALM ROOM, the
lirflflU LOUIS XV PAR-
\*i ctiiu LOR< and the j^
U~l*\~ DIES * WRITING
Dotels room -
SUMMER AND WINTER RESORTS.
TUSCAN
MINERAL SPRINGS
OPEN THE YEAR ROUND.
Located n!ne miles northeast of Rei Btttff on
the line of the Southern Pacific Hallway.
Cases of RHEUMATISM, GOUT AND ALL
BLOOD DISEASES WILL TiE ACCEPTED
UNDER A GUARANTEE THAT THEY WILt.
BE CURED WITHIN A SPECIFIED TIME
OR ALA. EXPKNSE3, INCLUDING RAI1*-
WAT FARE. WILX. BE REFUXDKD.
These wonderful springs can b* reached by
the Southern Pacific Co.'s system of railways
and connection* throusrhmit the United States,
For rates of fare and routes of travel apply
to any Southern Pacific Railroad utur.t.
For guarantee or reference lo cures •ffected.
address Medical Department. Tuscan Mineral
Springs Corp.. Tuscan. Cal. '
DEER
HUNTING.
It you want to get a deer, bo *° Wllllts.
stop at the WHlits Hotel. Mendocino County
Is best hunting srround in the State near to
San Franciaco. Deer season open untlVSep-
tember M. WM. WEIOAND. Prop.
ACUA CALIEIMTE SPRINGS
OPEN \LL YEAR ROUND. Natural hot
eulphur sprints, umperature 115 dfS*** 9 - *°
staging. rare Jl 10. Sure cure for rheuma-
tlsnV asthma, kidney and Uver f^H'^mlral
I and hot plunee baths. Thr larc«st n?'"?™ 1
;rs«ss?'., r *%!'Eo m DoT ShS&t
Asua Caltente. Sonoma County.
Weak Men anuT Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA FITTERS. TH«
Great Mexican Renwdy •«•*•• w^ii^'" t -
•MyJes.^.-Mcbarthy*. Assisted by Aida
' -Wolcott; the • Great' Alexius; Carl-
-, "!• tori and-Texre; P^ulo andrDika and
J new. Motion Pictures.' /Last Times
: ',p'f .Falke. anctSemon; Charles Ern-
; .'; e s t; / .Mario' '. .and': AJdo^, and E.
, - Rausby'V."^..-^ r ' : :>.^ ; '¦**:¦ ;'^' : :-\
•} \\, Latest Spectacular' Noi^ltjr. •¦-..-"-•-'. ¦
,;.:iS":IlN.-.F?A-R.lfe?»" - ¦
- • -Air ElectricjiV 'Review 'In' Four' Tableaux.'
Reserved Seats-. r?.V ; 10c .'u Box Seats
..and- Opera Chah-iij.COc.. "j \ - -.•¦.." ' ;.. ;1 •
':& :' LAST 4^N^I<rS^: '
-' .-.•¦'. '• .MATINEE- feATU$I>AY..^'. v 1\?
IIEXRY W.;SAVAqE Presents theVMerriest
-' -'¦'¦ "¦ :¦' ' 'Musical Comedy, . * . :
;PRINGtqF;PILSEN
Dy Vixley.-gi. Kuden).' \uth,ors of ."'Klnsr-Dodo."
• ." . ' .'" Last ..Time Next • Sunday* yight. - :
'.-\.-.- :':''. •• Beginning. Next f Jfonaay, £
, ... -The No.-.-l .-XeV York Company:, . •
' . .'¦' V;-:-" -.'• Greatr-E^eau'ty Sextette. . • ' : : '.
;•;¦;••' SEATS vNOW' READY.
Bj5 I TQ-XIOHT, H6YT-1T "igaJI
j- V- ' -Famous. Political Satire. \§ \ i
j • • .. - His Best .and Funniest Farce .
| ;. "A T^x^Steer^ :
i jj .Wlth # the Celebrated Minstrel.
j • ' — —MILT BAELOW- :
: As. the •-•MINISTER TO-'DAHOMET."'
{; Sunday -WEST'S M1\STRELS
|. •• BETTER THAN EVER. •
j xjj-t-' F . e atUTJng a- .new and i ' ¦
! is \" or '8*nal "olio." .burlesquing IIF*-
} -jig ¦ t '*The.Wl«ard of. Oi." J t, I
il-WEATRyl-
GRAND88SSS
MA-TINEE TO-DAY,
• ® ; ' SATURDAY AND SUNDAY. .'. . \
'-. ••' ' LAST THREE NIGHTS.
NEILL
!. "And His Incomparable Company, in
A. GENTLEMAN OF FRANCE
LpRlPCC EVENINGS ...... v. 15c. 23c. 50c. 75c
. mibLO MATINEES...... 15c. 25c, 5Oc
I -Children under five years not admitted during
I Mr. Neill's eng-agement.
Beginning Sunday Matinee, Last Week of
MR. NEILL, "UNDER TWO FLAGS."
j ~ — ; : — r— '¦'
;.- BELASCO & MAYER. Proprietors.
Market «t.. Near Eighth— Phone South '533.
o TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
. MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY, j
.- Charles* A. Hoyt's Greatest Comedy Hit. ¦
"A TEMPERANCE TOWN"
•¦: A BRILLIANT ARRAY OF TALENT.
L. R. STOCKWELL. Geonte Nlc»ioli«.
Herschel Mayall. Ernest Howell
Eusenle Lawton, - Raymond Manlcn. . -
Henry • Shumer. -Marie How*. .•"'•
George P. Webster. Myrtle Vane.
Kdwin T. Emery. Oeorgie Woodthorpe. :•
Millar Bacon. Genevleve Karfe.
Elmer Booth,
PDIfPC Evenings 10c to 30c
rKllCJ Matinees 10c. 15c. 25c
SATURDAY. October 3, at 3 p. m. In
STEINWAY HALL.
THE SECOND RECITAL OF THE SEASON
WILX. BE GIVEN.
MR. PERCTVAL VAN YORX Will Preside at
tbe Piano with the Aid of
THE ANGELUS.
MRS. L. SNIDER JOHNSON, soprano, will ba
¦ the Soloist or the Occasion.
Complimentary tickets may be secured at the
store any time before the recital.
Sherman. Clay * Co., Kearny and Sutter Sts
BASEBALL!
PACIFIC COAST LEAGUE.
RECREATION PARK.
EIGHTH AND HARRISON
CHAMPIONSHIP GAMES.
THURSDAY AND FRIDAY, 3:30 P. II.- SAT-
URDAY. 3:00 P. M.
SUNDAY........... .....2:30 P. M
SAN FRANCISCO vs. LOS ANGELES
LADIES' DAYS THURSDAY AND FRIDAY.
Advance Sale, 5 Stockton St. .
'.'••. : ¦.;'- ADVERTISEMENTS. • "•';¦
PIMP
ALICE WILSON, 224' 3d ave.,
' ,. Saa Francisco.
Mrs. Wilson says: "My little daughter Alice
suffered from catarrh, and her ears discharged
a foul Emelllne matter. • She was rapidly
growing deaf. Her ears were yery painful and
Bhe was afraid cf doctors. I took her to the,
Electro-Chemlc Institute. 118 Grant ave.. and I
am happy to say that , the Electro-Chemic
treatment has cured Alice perfectly, and there
was not a moment's pain during; the two
months' treatment that was required. She
hears perfectly now, | the ears do not run any
more, her , catarrh Is cured, and the expense
of the treatment has been very little."
CONSULTATION f~'ri ff~ f
. AND I" Vt\ §-
X-RAY EXAMINATION I I%i-L.
Specialties — Consumption, Catarrh,
Bronchitis, A«thma, oanceri, Tumors,
Deafness, Head and Ear Noises, Rheu-
matism, Paralysis, Neuralgia, Piles, Dis-
eases of tbe Stomach, Liver, Kidneys and
Bowelf, Special Diseases of Men and
Women. All Chronlo Diseases.
ELECTROCHEMIC INSTITUTE,
118 OKANT AVE, Cor. Post St.,
SAN FBANCISCO.
Office Hours— 0 a. m. to 5 p.' m. and 7 to 8 p.
m. daily; Sundays, 10 a. m. to 1 p. rn.
Separate Apartments for Ladies and Gentlemen.CLEVELAND, Sept. 30.— H; Melville Hanna,
brother of Senator Hanna, has given $100,000
to the Western' Reserve - University, ¦ the In
come from which Is to, be devoted - to the ¦ pro
motion of Instruction and research In anatomy.
DES MOINES, la., Sept. 30.— W. .A. Rich
ards, : ex-Deputy ? United . States Marshal, was
to-day sentenced to eighteen years in the peni
tentiary for having ¦ robbed the home of airs,
fiarah Sullivan at Hamilton, la.
MEMPHIS, Tenn., Sept. 30.— Secretary
Howe of the Memphis Driving Park As
sociation announced to-day that arrange
ments have been completed whereby
Prince Alert, 1:57, and Dan Patch, 1 :59,
will meet In a match raco on the opening
day of the Grand Circuit meeting, Octo
ber 20. On the second day Lou Dillon,
the. trotting queen, and Major Delmar will
trot in a special race.'/
'Prince Alert and Dan Patch Are
Matched, Also Lou Dillon and
Major Delmar.
GREAT HORSES TO MEET
AT MEMPHIS RACES
OAKLAND, Sept 30.— Joe Crowley of
the Hawthorne Club of San Francisco
was put out after two minutes of fight
ing Jn the first round of his bout with
George Finnigan, the champion 105-pound
amateur of the coast, this evening at the
West Oakland Athletic Club. The boys
were fighting hard, when Finnigan nailed
his man with 'a right cross to the Jaw,
knocking him clean off his feet and out.
In the other bouts Kid Kennedy secured
the decision over Kid Thompson: Jack
Keough won from Musa Bryan on points;
J. McKarley knocked out Billy Walker
in the first round, and Charlie " Webber
secured the decision over Johnny Frayne.
The flght between Harry 'Tenney and Ed
die Carr was called off, Carr not being
able to pass the doctor's examination.
George: Coaklev acted .as -referee ;"¦' and
Charlie Tye and. George Martin as judges.
Finnigan Knocks Out Crowley.
CAMBRIDGE. Mass.. Sept. 30.— In a
game marked by clean handling of the
ball and perfect formation by Harvard,
while her opponent, Bowdoin, . played a
ragged game, fumbling frequently, the
Crimson team won by a score of 24 to 0.
Although their general work was defec
tive, "the Bowdoin men were able fre
quently to find "weak spots In Harvard's
line, especially at the right. In the eec
ond half Davis and Finn opened up holes
through Marshall and Lehman for gains
aggregating; forty-five yards. .
PHILADELPHIA. Sept 30.— University
of Pennsylvania, 17; Franklin and Mar
shall, 0.; Pennsylvania scored one touch
down , In the • first half of twenty minutes
and two in the second half. The work: of
Pennsylvania was disappointing. ,
PRINCETON, Sept. 30.— Princeton, 30;
Swarthmore, 0. The game was called
when Princeton had the ball on the ten
yard line. "The substitutes were tried for
Princeton, but Dewitt, Cooney,' Hart and
Miller played; the best ball.
NEW. HAVEN, Conn.. Sept.. 30.— Tale,
19; Tufts, O.i;Yale made. three touchdowns
and was {credited with ' a : safety . in . . the
first half. She was unable to increase the
points in the second half,
Show Perfect Formation and Handle
the Ball Cleanly in Game With
Bowdoin.
HARVARD F00TBAt«L MEN
: ;VR0LL UP A BIG SCORE
Two Philadelphia Teams Begin an
Exhibition Series of Ten
:^^:^ ' Games. ,-^^:
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. SO.— The Philadel
phia National and \ American League teams
began a series of ten exhibition games to-day
on the American League grounds. The ex
champlons of the American League won to
day's game by a batting rally In the eighth
inning. Score:
T> TT Tji
Philadelphia National 3 5' 2
Philadelphia American 1 13 3
•Batteries— Duggleby and Dooln; Bender and
Powers. Umpire — Wasmlth.
AMERICAN LEAGUE NINE
DEFEATS THE NATIONALS
MORRIS PARK ENTRIES.
'••NfcW YORK. Sept. 30.— Entries:
" First race, seven furlongs of Withers mile.
s^linpJ-Kinnikinic 90. Widow's Mite 104, Ken
tucky Rose SI. Monograph 100. Sweet Alice 0».
Our Vuerset !>7 Flara $K>, Moderator 09. Locket
91 imellFt D4". Gaviota 89, Eva TTussell »T.
Trinity Bell W> Enue S5. McWlillams 103,
Ringdove !>0. Cottage Maid 108.
Second" race, about two and a half mili^a.
Corinthian steeplechase— SeU Protection 160.
Strike a Light 19ft Ivan loO. Rock Storm 117.
Kay Secret 147. Champion 116, Faranlass 113,
Gypsie 143. Negative 145.
Third race Eclipse course, maiden two-year
olds—Pompano 110. Gay Lothario 110. Fort
Plain 110 Arthur 110, Dusky 107. Rlverdalo
110- Fine* Art 107, Orthodox 110. Patagoniaa
110, Monadnock 110, Reveille 110.
Fourth race Withers mile. Hunters' handi
cap—Stamping Ground 124, Ada Nay 122. Bo-
Una 95 Stolen Moments 114. Gaviota 105. Adlos
97. Molly. Brant 110. Girdle 110. Judith Camp,
"bell -
Fifth nee, Withers mile, thres-year-oldi
maidens— Cfuy Park 115. Queen Elizabeth 112.
Boilna 110. Medal 112. Jola 112. St. Jude 112.
Evening "Light 112. Nuit Blanche 112. Nun
112, 115. Sabot 112, LenarSa 112. Tril
lar.do 112' Gates 112.
•Sixth race one and an eighth mile* of With
ers course handicap— Hermis 134. Short Hoss
115, River" Pirate 103. Lord Badge 95. Brigand
02 ' Colansay 86.
MORRIS PARK SELECTIONS.
B.y the New York Telegraph.
First race — Monograph, Duelist,
Gaviota.
' Second race — Self Protection,
Champion, Strike a Light.
" Third race — Belmont entry, Gay
Lothario, Monadnock.
Fourth race — Molly Brant, Stolen
Moments, Stamping Ground.
Fifth race — Medal, Phaon, Le
narka.
Sixth race — Herxais, River Pirate,
Short Hose.
Farley "Remanded to Jail.
DETROIT, Mich.. Sept. 30.— E. E. Far
ley, the horseman accused of j "ringing"
at the Grosse Point meeting in June,
pleaded not guilty to-day and was' re
manded to Jail in default of bail. The
trial was fixed for October 8.
Third race, one and an eighth miles, selling.
Prairie stakes — Hargfs 107. Orfeo 98. • Harry
Xew 10.X Louisville 95. Schwalbe 05, Our- Bes
sie 1X5. Haviland 95. (Hargis and e^feo. Corri*
gan's entry.) ' • '
'¦ Fourth race, mile and seventy yards; Potta
watomle' handicap— Bragg 102, Ancke D8, The
Don 09, Flngal 95. GUfain 94, Incubator 90.
-.Fifth race. mile. selling-^Tim Hale 109.
Loves Labor 1C3. Federal 103. Give. All 102.
' Miracle II 102. Evelyn Byrd 102.* Lady Kent
'Mil Ivernia 100, Prodigal Son 9S. Marion
Lj«nch 97, Klnford 96. Rosewater 00. Marcb 93.
. Sixth race, mile, selling— Old Hujeh 1C£. Ra
•buata 106, Alee 10.T. Lord Melbourne 101, Lam
poon 100. Lady Matcrfless 03. Bard. of. Avon
"97,*-Dutch. Carter 97, Flying Girl* 82,. Christine
;." .7 '.HARLEM • SELECTIONS." - :
V-. - - • •* By t*he* Chicago Ini^r Ocean."- .-. :
• " First* race-^-Hoceo, Sane£omc!y" Miss
Mollie./ "•¦•.• *\ :; J ••.;.-.•. • ; '-
• *.*Seco*i\d'race .— r.JJon i)oxao, McQee %
Jane Holiy*..- \'.'\ '. '.''.'' I •' . ' '
. • Third race .-- : -'Haviland,.vHArgis;
Harry . New. .7 "• ' " ."•'*. " * * * .
• Fourth race — Qilf ain,- Incubator,
Ancke. . > ;*»*¦ " '.• U *;' ". •"
Fifth race — Love > "s Labour, Jim
Hale, Federal. .. '..>./¦ ' :. r
Sixth race — Old Hutch, Christine
¦A, 'Bard of Avon. - * "
Second race, five and a half furlongs — McGee
.105, Judge Himes lOr.-Jrfe Goss 1C4, Don Donjo
1C3, Jane Holly 9!», HeraJdo 99. E%-as DarHng
JK>, Oi-pzene 04, Tioga i>4. Floral "Wreath »t.
' °. • - HARLEM ENTRIES. -'* ;.;"*'.
*' CHICAGO). Sept; 30.*— Entries : ". "*.* - . * *
"* First race, ftvo furlongs, "selling — frish* Swede
10*J. Su»ie Christian 101', Sol Smith 102.- 'San
temo 102, Requimis 101, Trapsejter 10J. Teippe.
99, Dungannon 90, Rlceful * 07^ Oudon . 97.
BrookwootL Belle 97, Hoceo 9t»; Miss Mollie 94,
Lady, of Melbowne 92. . " * • •'
'•¦ nlimfe'tir- 6f'*men vinte^ested. in* yacht
ing, 'as . well.- as '"members' .'of- -ta'e Olympic
'Club' ahd re.p"f-eseiUa'tives- o/- vario'u's in-"
d,ust"Fies »f" -fee city,' ' were presen.t la^st
night at the.-mVeting of..tiie Sh^'Thomas'"'
''LTpiton.'. .testimonial." pommJtteQ.- a^t the'
Olympic .Club. The committee is engaged
ln.-raj'sing a .fund -In thiS°city*to be ad^cd
lo amounts Vybscrib'ed jn otUe'r^ortlons o*f
the United 'S'tates, the 'aggregate tp be
'used in purcha'sing a sufta.ble testimonial
to fie presented to that gallaat'g.entlema*p
Ji'hd "graceful. loscr" # -Sir Th.6mas* Lipton, to.,
salve in" a measure* the.dlsap.po'lntment *he -
.fe'els. at not gaiiiirtg. the. America's cup
and to testify th& -appreciation of the
Amerlca.n "people, for a thorough sports--.
°rnan.J .*'.•• , "•"•".•. ° \ •«.••"
' 'The "movement, was started- by a" fel'f 5 -.
' gram.'.f rom Now . York • tp .Co'lpnel "*F. E."
.B.ec;k''of.the i lnternatihjial BanKing C.orpo^
."ration, suggesting- ..the gracefulness *bf
such* "a .t'rjbute; and' "stating it was .de
sired. to_ -make thisa.-jia'tlon.al offering arid
¦h'oi to" havo *it* confined s«lely. to .New
York._ feting oh.t.h"; suggestjon a number*
•bf".'lead[ng" gerftlemen". met- arid* forrhed 'a.
'.ccLmmittee,' electing^ Colonel.' Beck, chair
man.' ...Th'e« lnftiai.. meeting;" 'was held* on*
,''Sep.t_ernber'53..a'nd'jsey«raT[ gentlemen vol-^
to. solicit "subscriptions. . A't.'the
'"rneetlngi-Ja'st nlght-lhey rep&rted and.-sat
•.is'fajitory .jpr.ogres3 Vas. shown.;. . . . '.-.
••¦¦"O'n" a" motioh'Coldhel Beck"and William
;*G"reer ..Harrison were'rarppo.inted.-'a'. pom->
• % rnittee.'to'ylsir the various banks for \he'
pucpo'seof*getting..*the*m to head. the. lfst:
•Aft,er the" lfcading cosporations* have been
•asked, <o /:optriBute-the.deily.paper.s' wilf
be* asKed to.Qpefh.Bubscrip.tion lists to af
ford the general* public, an opportunity to
contribute .their share" toward . the* fund,
which will be. utilized Iri' .expressing -the
great American sentiment toward a man'
who could lose the high'est desire of his"
heart in a thoroughly sportsmanlike man
ner and say graceful things afterward of
his victors and their work.
Read^-^^fspbrrs'e.s." ." for,
..Lip tdnjpfes fcinaoBiai. § i .'
SUBSCRIPTIONS
ARE GENEROUS
Third round — Hellman bea£ Sea. 6^, 7-9
6-0; Wallace beat Cogwill. 6-3, 7-5; Smith beat
Robinson, 6-3, 1-6, 6-4; Goold beat Gunst, 1-6
6-4, 6-1. • . ,
" * • 'the vA*nn,ual" °TehnJs. Tou'rna-. •.;•''
:'.*". ' °. I*' -.•»••. ment. ¦-. : * .. - ; V*'; * :
The 'California* Club tennis courts ' were
giv^n over "to the Lowell High VSchoQl
players .yesterday",^ when '.their .annual
championship tournament, was held. -N-ine*
teen "competed and wh'eh nlay was"°cal>ed
JjuL four wmainea. .The winner-of ' these,
fow will play HerbeVfc Lorfg.for th.e s'cnool.
championship. Incidentally "the'-winri.er.dT
the event will .with'- Long represent Lo.wel.l :
ir> the •AcadSmic." League .-contests* next
sprfne. . . "... . '.-? •-.* . :*
The* fourosuccelsiul players .w'ere ;Abe
Hellmarn Bradley Wallace, Sldney'S.ntl.th'
and'°Herberf Goold,VThe last.'.trfree 1 pla'yr
ers are 'promising, youngsters ."of the, Gali- ;
.fornia" Club. and fjvalry'.beHvien-. tiiem i is
•keen* -They are* matched' jand. s'orAe.
good .-cont.e&ts v .are expected' .^br^ay '"whehi
'they meet* * "VVallacjs.;-" wlll-play';>-IIe"nm.£Vn.'
an'd Smitn" will.be qpposed-by.'GojhuJi' 1 ;: ;'•
.. TJhe . closest ando inost. -s.tu.bbornl-y.\c'cirf-'.
"tcstpd* match of the day w?ls thdt -b.etween
'Hellman and«'Getz. -Hellinan" won- by. ¦ a
sn\art" margin.* His. victory waji -ljargely ;
•due td thb rooters, who '.hardly gav'e'Getz
ja. fair chancek. . Smith and'.rjoblnsoii'a'lso
*hati a ha-rd figh't, wjth the- <orme.r 'ph the .
•long end at "the finish";. . . '•':. '" . --: .;•.'.
The scores' follow: .- . * • :". " . ' "•** "
Preliminary rbund — Wallace beat Tum.Suden
6-^, 00; RQdee.beat Van Fleet, Q-2,- 0-1; Sal-"
fridge beat Gopdrunv C-l, G-l. • ¦" . ." .•
" First rpund— Hellman beat Getz, 6-4*. (5-'8,
C-.T; Sea beat Parker. 0-6, 6-3; 0-3: Cogwill
beatCowden. l-6. - 6-0 O-Jii, Wallac* beat Ru-.
dee, 6-3. ' 5-7, -6-1 ; Smith beat. St-lfridKe, 6-1'
6-3; Robinson beat Cannon, 0-0, «-l« Goold
beat Baker, 6-3, 6-1 : "Gunst beat Seelig. ' 7-5.
6-2. • ;.
.LOWELL HIGH- "SCHOOL 7 •; ..' • " ' • .' ' '. |
•"•" .* -ATHLETE^ -p* :C0"MPETITI0'N 1
which -he. purcKased-f/ora .Judge. ¦Geqrge:
¦RapMerrecetitl^.f-oir $3500,-,the. hig%sX;r>tfce:
ever paid- fVjr'a- fax-terrier/
wire-haired v^irletjr, an'd _altlioug"b : niSt yet;
.Iwp'yeargoold,* has-jiad a Viore. sensational"
caireer. than *he." celebrated* cnjimnXon '^56;
Bang. o 'He"'*wasVbred by .the. Duqhess of
NcwcasWe. ' He-'*has sw/ipt exerything.jbei
fo'rfc s 'hlm at the English 'shows. • A .riuin-'
ber 'of'. Eastern- fanciers Wanted, him^'a.f
a*ny.p.rice. It was Judge Raper's. friencj
jship.'-for. Mr -H'arley "that turned." the
scales -in. hia' favor.* *.". '*. ' '/'" , -. ,'• •"
, In- the'-Rtrjrig.^erit .fr'pm IJefe* wiH be-
Waiftdee. 'Blizzard^, ByTcfia'mpIori .Bllzza^r'd-
PopJ.-lrrod by Mr. oWIlso.n.of England*. He
is three-'.yjears*9ld."and w^n the. sp'ecial"
prize tor .the 'best* dog 'In- tHe Seat'tle, I'.bft-'
la'nd, Oakland "and .San ..Francisco' £hwws>.
With. thp.forrJets* will also.go_Ivel Damon;
ohe of the'best bulldogs in America/- All'
the do£s sent from here af e. importe'dl " • . ¦
- THe. freshmen p.la'yersifor'.the .mo'qt parV
were slow— painfully so^ajid •were In ais- •
appointing contrast to 'the' ."prep'-' scn'ool
players in* tliat.fegarid.'.Pack'ard dnd Ste
phensqn did good* work for."t,he freshmen,
'particularly: on thq defense", ' Bldod,« at
tackle, and. WeJIgr,. who' took* hia place
•during the seqond half.'alfeo did" well. .For
the Belmont team Twore. Bishop and Cap
tain'Noyes' starred, "although "all the
members -played hard, snappy ball. * * •
The bair was -kept in the freshman terri-"
tory the greater "part of the two twenty
minute' halves. Befmont's score Was made,
just before the close of the'flrst half .after
several minutes' stubbornly "co'ntested line
bucking. . Left Half Jackson made the
touchdown and I>f t Guard Moody kicked
the goal. At the close of the game Bel
mont was on the '07 twenty-yard line.
Moody tried a place kick for a goal but
failed. •' .
The line-up was as' follows:
Freshmen. Position. Belmont
Kellcy L.. E. R Spohr I
True. L. T. n .."... Ealand
fc mltl j L. G. R .Nowell-Towne
Hornby Center ....,.;... Coe
Zimmerman H. G. L .....Moody
Blood-Weller ..R. T. L .....Stow
Morrow-West It. E. L. Vail'
Stagner ...... ¦ Quarter ..fNoyea (captain)
Laumcister L. H. R Tower
Packard R. H. L .Jackson
Etephenson Fullback Bishop
Officials— Umpire. O. H. Clark. '04;- referee.
Major Collins; timekeeper, A. B. C. McGllvray.
•STAFFORD FRESHMEN'. LQSE # °.-.
. . TQ THE BELko^jTT* EtEVEWJ
Sensational Sixty- Yard Rim by" 9ap-.,
.-. ta'n°Noyes Is Feature *o£ the ° '
* •" .Pa me - • ' " "• '.
STANFORD UNIVERSITT, Sept. 30.-
The Belmont school football "team* defeat-.'
ed the freshman eleven this afternopn b'y*
the score of 6 to°-.o".- The game was* slow
and uninteresting from o a "" spectator's
standpoint, "with the* exception *of .a-f'ew
streaks of brilliant work bjr the o 0
tory school players. The featuf.e of the
srarrfe°was a sixty :yard"'rpn # dround left"
end by Captain Noyes' of the Belmont.
eleven.. The little quarterback;sprihted up
the side line With the "balli" tucked under"
his'a.rm in a way that.^as;.suggestlve of
Sherman's memorable j-yn-m.last ye'ar's"
Intercollegiate oontest . .*..:*"' • •'•' •
'if ./..-¦. tec $% jv!an«teex; Kenne}s •ajid-'/.the»
*\y^ \rj -m <3st*- rjf6minen.tr' iox-ter^er- fancier^
:,- c6a'sfy.H3.'prep&ring''-to "in-.:
¦•.'• " ; -.':'vade'"]the..'East^'wnh' a°.r.ema/kable
string] bf -.teri|iers. % He' wil.l send thnee # ter*
,rier8_ from this c'hjr ;to \hp 'circuit of shows'
Soon, commence in thc.ilast* .*• "' ...
The first of 'thesp. win .be- th°e 'annual
•show, of :the- Uadie's' K.enn'e.f Clutr, to be
h'eld shortly " In. Madison .Squa'r.e' 'Garden*. .
•Then.' will "follow shows in. Bos'toil, Pn'il'a-"
•delphia-dn'd 'Chicagd -and'-a doze.o. smaller
•cities'/ ajl. working up.to. ; the great 8hpw 0
of the Westminster .Kenfl^l* Club" ia iJew
; York'1n. February". • .; ;."? '.' ..'*••"':' •
• Mr." Harley's string: will "be* stiengthrened
In New. York by the addiMon'efthe^am
;ous--Engllsh cha"mplon, Raby' Coastguard
COUGHLIN EASY
FOR OLD FITZ
BUTTE, Mont., Sept. 30.— The serious
illness of Mrs. Charles W. Clark, wife of
Senator Clark's son, at San Mateo, Cal.,
made It necessary for Senator W. A.
Clark to leave Butte for California this
afternoon. Senator Clark left via Salt
Lake. —
Mrs. Charles W. Clark 111-.
PHILADE-E.PHIA, *Pa.. Sfpt. 30 # .y"Con"
Cdughlln, popularly known as the '.'Irish
giant," was- to have, fought six rounds
with -Bob 0 Fitzsimmons to-night at tke
Washington Sporting Club, but he was
so greatly outclassed by the former pugi
listic champion that he quit before the. ex
piration of- the first round. At no. tiine
during the two minutes and fifty-jtwo"sec
onds the round 'latsted did Coughlin have
a show, arid in -that brief time he was
knocked down three times. He seemed to
be scared and w;anted to quit before he
did, but his seconds would not permit him
to throw up the sponge. •
The round opened with «both meh cau
tious for a' few seconds, after which Fltz-*
eimmons swung, a leTt Xo the Jaw and
Coughlin put "a light left to the mouth.
FltzBimmons sent another to the jaw and*
a clinch followed. • ~~ ''• ,'/•-.
The former champion -then struck: out
viciously and hooked Coughlin on the jaw,,
w^ilch sept the giant to the floor for four
seconds. . As soon as he regained n"is feet
a right and left to the jaw sent him down,
again, this time for the cownt. He came
back slowly and Fitzsimmons landed a
terrific «uppercut on the chin. •
Coughlin appeared to be * .scared and
wanted to. quit, but -his. seconds sent;hlm°
to the center 4 of the ring.. The .moment
he put '.up his fists Fitzsimmons again
dropped him- to the floor with a left to
the Jaw. Coughlln's second, Sam Fitzpat
rlck, then threw up the sppnge, Cough
lin was taken back to his corner in* a
half-dazed conditlo'hV ; . . *• <
" dian t t'- ¦ .QuitS/Ber
: - .'•; .- fpre End pf-.Firsfc- %•
.-*.:. . • ;\.R : OUridr;;j-.-''.* t: .; :
ST. LOUIS ENTRIES.
ST. LOUIS. Sept. 30.— Entries:
First race, fix and a half furlongs, selling,
fiur-year-old* and up — Weird 109. Susie Letch
f-r 10O. Broodier 10".*. The Four Hundred 95.
T«*nny Belle 1*5, Bernota lOTi. Aline 95. Military
ion. A'.pareta 103. Slddara 103, Russellton 105.
Pfctper Dick 100.
Second race, five and. a half furlongs, two
yrar-oldf. purse — Cavbon 100. Glen Esher 103,
judge Denton 103. IntcrrORation ¦ 110. Ingol
thrift 113. Maud Johnson 110. Mayer Miller .105,
Figment 105. Bueier 113. W. P. Palmer 110,
Woods Perry 110. Lnra J 110.
Third race, one mile, selling, three-year-olds
— Stand Pat 9S. Rossfame 107. Nearest 100. W.
B. Gates 104.
Fourth race, one and an eighth miles, purse,
three-year-olfls and up — Taby Tosa 103. First
Mason 110. Little Scout 110. Mons. Beaucaire
1C«;. Dan McKt-nr-a 110.
Fifth race, six furlong*, puree, two-year-clds
—Branca* 114. Exccntral 101. Wreath of Ivy
JOfi Anne Davis 101. Wer.rick 1(H. Columbia
GlrJ 101. Quaker Girl 10L Folies Bergeres 106.
Sixth race, one mile and seventy yards. sell-
Ing tfire»--year-ol<J» and up— Vina Fonso U2,
CaKtake f*A. Requisition 05, El Caney 102. Sea
girt 1)2. Nettie Regent 99. Decoration 100. Car
l!g&n 94. Tros 93. Submarine 89, Domlnis 69,
EMwi DlUlon 99. Star Gaier M.
ST. LOUIS SELECTIONS.
By the New York Telegraph.
First race — Pepper Dick, Alga
retta, Bernota.
Second race — Woods Perry,
Bugler, Ingolthrift.
Third race — Stand Pat, Nearest,
W. B. Gates.
Fourth race — Taby Tosa, First
Mason, Monsieur Beaucaire.
Fifth race — Folies Bergeres,
Wreath of Ivy, Quaker GirL
Sixth race — Hegira, Eliza Dillon,
Tros.
Thomas Horn Must Hang.
CHEYENNE. Wyo.. Sept. 30.— The
State Supreme Court in a lengthy de
cision to-day denied the motion of
Thomas Horn, the stock detective, con
victed of the murder of little Willie
Nlckell In the Iron Mountain country,
and resentenced him to be hanged on
November 20.
Nojte.d Fox Tferrier ; -^h ixfv^ •Kej^ri^l.^
SIXTH RACE — Mile and seventy yanJ«; well
ing: . . " • "• ,•
JJetting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. n *i Fin:. ;
9 to 5 — Dvnasty, 1C5 (Sheehan)... f» 1» 1 U/
2 to 1— Kunja. 100 (Austin) 6 6,2 nk
|0 to 1— M. Monarch. 100 (Wallace) 2 4 3 3'
Time. 1 :47. Start poor. Won easily. Wii\
vtr. J. XV. Jones' br. f. by Prince of Monaco-
IC^flle'whittaker. Varna Fonso 90. Loone 100.
1-rti.r.lum 1OG. Baronet 105. Straggler 100. also
ran. ...
FIFTH RACE — S«ven furlongs: purse: ' ;
Betting. Horsp Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
2 to 1— Ada N. 102 (Calvitt) 3 4 12
|« to. .1— Glenr.e\is. 102 (Foley).... 13 2 6
15 to 1— Gun Lanka. 101 (Smith).. 2 2 3 12
Time. .l:2S 1 i- Start good. Won • easily;
¦Winner Gould & Frederick's b. m. by Herald
fiar.ta Rosa. Yellow Tall 106. Elastic 105, Tom
Collins 107, also ran. : . ' •¦ .
FOURTH RACE^-M;ile and a sixteenth;
Herrlmac handicap: -• .,
netting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Firi.
4 to 5— Evea. G, 109 (Birkenruth).. 1 1 t ll>4
J> to 1— I>e<nja. 90 <M. Johnson)... 3 4 2 8
4 to 1— I., ftrathmore. 101 (Austn) 4 2 3 8 •
Time, 1:48. Start good. Won easily." Win
rcr. Mrs. J. Coffey's ch. t. by Juvenal-Sister
1 Geneva. P.ourquoi Pas 93. aJso ran. . x
THIRD RACi: — Six furlongs; Belling: •" -,' :•
r^tUng. Horse. %Vf"ght. Jockey. St. % Fla-.'
6 to S — Vestry. 104 (Austin) 4 1 r 1 n
:? to 5 — Mise Manners, 107 (Brkrh) 5 3 2 3'
12 to 1— .l^dy Draper. J>8 (Hensy) 2 2 ,3 2 -.
Time, 1:15.. Start good. Wen dri%1ng.;Wln
tier. E. S. Gardner's ch. f. by Masetto- Venice.'
Irene Mac 97. Shipping Port 102. Blue Grass
ciirl 105. aJso ran. ... . . c > . ' ¦
SECOND RACE— Five and a half. furlongs:
selling: - V "%
"Jetting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. %.Fin:
:2 to 1— Sadie Burch. :OO (Gllmore) 2 4 1 1U
B to 1 — Bradley Bill J)5 I Austin).. 4 1,2 "hk
8 to 1 — Overhand. 100 <Saycrs)... 0 3 3 »£.'
Time. 1:10. Start good. Won easily. Win
r.er. H. Pfeffles 1 b. f. by Loyalist-La Duchess.'
Falkland 95, Lady Fonse S)5. Frank Collins 03;-
Haven Run 113, Cap and Gown 104, Caybon
i»3. Belle The Cat 9^ Rusk 103, also ran. •¦"
_V. .LOUIS. Sepfcc 30.— Shea., the! xnbsi
promising jockey ' at Delmar irack,. was
probably fatally injured in- the first race
to-day. Harplithe * went down" • "urfder"
Shea at the far turn and Maihilde stuin-.'
lkd over Harplithe J and rollfid • upon"
Shea, who was pinioned under .the horse; •'
l.ou Beach also fell. McKinney,* 'ort the
latter, was rendered uryonsciQus and'^us-.
tained a fractured shoulder blade.'- Brid*e->'
well, who rode J Mathilde, was cajried'
from the track, b^rt is not serioUsly'.'in-;'
jured. ShtA did not regain consciousness
and was taken to the Baptist Sanitarium,'
where a physician said his chances, f er
recovery were very silent. ''
Eyra G, the crack California- mare,
which has regained her Pacific Coast
form, continued h<r winning streak , by.
annexing the Merrimac handicap withputl
an effort. Just now there is not a hcrse
at the track that can beat her at Ve!ght
for age. .- •**:-*.."--.
The track was fast. Summary: . ¦ •;' .;'.
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; selling: .-." '-'K'
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. i'.IM.V
•J to.l — Carlana. 1C1 (Jost) 5 3 \*j-
7> to 1 — Marchioness !>i» (Travers). 7' 6 -2'.l" ' : ;
« to 1— I»rlncess ilc. »4 (Howell). 2 1-3 ll$
,,T ime - 1:1 ' 1 -i- Start good. Won ' easily.
VV inner. T. McCranor & Co.'s ch. t. by First
Mate-Sechelsea. Zelma 101 Blcuka 9* also
ran. Harplithe 91, Mathllde »9 Lou Beach'
». fell. ¦ ;.; . . : • .¦ ? -...
Special Dispatch, to The Call!
' SIXTH • RACE— One wnd : three-slxtecnth
mH.es; selling: . * •'• -.-•" . ••
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey.* St.' s I Fin."
4 to 1 — O'Hagen. 97 (SpeAcer). . .-. . 6 1. J i.*«
4 "to 1 — Carat. 10O* (J." ¦William). .--4 .T 2 2
3 :fb J-^Tancred. 90*(OIJphant). .-.-.. J- 5.. 3 nk
• Time,* 2:CO4"-.*i.« Start good.' Wop easily.
\Tlnner. J. H. MeDerment & Co. 's b^. g. by
• Topgallapt-Sallle Hagen. Dodle S-9S, Ccmpa^s
97, Pirateer 103, also ran. * " *" ' . •
••FIFTH.-RACE — FlVe'-'and"" a hal f- 'furlongs ••
pursfe: •. • . ,* .* .- .-• .¦-..*' •.':'.: ..• .
Betting. Horsfe. Weight, Jockey. '• *S>. *i Fln..- %
3 to 2— Dick Bernard. 110 (Wilsoi) 4 1-'1'5 - '
•30 to 1— King -Ellswor.th. 103 (Otis) 6. 6-2nk*.
.12 to. L— My Gem, f)7 (S. BonnerV ." 7.' 4 3 h .
JIme. 1 :07 2 ; 5. . Start good. Won in cantee :
'Wlnrier, E. E,. Smather's b, c. by Ffcrlst-V-e-*
ronica. <J. .P. Staybury 10.". Rowen.a.107-. Dur-'
.bar 37. "Testimony !)7, La Chirperon 97.*I Tanloli
07.. Katie Powers J)7. Su5J» .Christlafl 97, Ma'g-.
'gie -Leebcr 102,. Elwood 400/ also" ran. " .* •
.-hbuse's r^RociaAvay.;- 1 '. the !2-;*yeiirrpid',* vcHl.ch.
*iia,s!^een/h'amed'«LS- t'fielr^fertTjv depend* 1 -,
encd.fjor-h.ext year;.^ran- away.jmore-J^rian'
.t^ovm.H'es^at top -ispepd^ af.'.thi..flnfsh-.oi;
•thovthrrd./ace.'jriJEfme'd t.he :. Johrt^K-Jn^ie
,.pursgi "in- whlcb-he-niilshed se€6h<f.-.»ra*clayj..
.'•"ThcfraCe.'.was thp^.ieaturcjbf .:theilarti?m :
'.card 'Sfid' jOn'ryy ;t H ree jjCa'eetr.\ih;e~; ffiig; -Lady
.iJojceivij- yf'akjiaadV"' a!n";l'odas'O.mv(:ivp;r^e' uiU
~l.\tb' |;i *^_t^*BSc*i^lM^"At- ; 3*U6 : '.2/::-b^^'6<l<.
'...fr j btn : 9;.t6;5,. ; -a^Ef;..lJfnarh..at : :f&^*"t- : L/v^ :.
¦".nocliajviy; •W'ent.-^Vo'..."theV-i*6'nt •'.i'ny' : tn 4 e:
• first ' h&fjtalle' and. 'took- : : a- J[ea& 'l=6.t-fay(i;
iehgths; *with/ -Lady.' JoceiyHy:'a.jyiip£eni
•p£rfu^tyf;^al.tin'g^-^tj6^&^"fa^"^t^ji^adj'
* # whtrn.: roiinaing- ..lh"to ' the ¦-str.fetGh' ..'he_vVel- :
'vsajl for »2,-. j^aj^oldLVwhibhr; '^as^-jEUU'
vleadiits/.D.y" .three':
'¦ £fghth • ; iiple.".:tfi^y."^wer.e'» ru)inrnB| '.As'-tP t.eam; : :
\> - i>hvRwRa>-ay; : AindeY.!^^^
•L^rdy", o > n^gri^opicg" : i Irt'Vthfi-«Vosih'$ : iiy.rL(le3^
•sh'e^drev/.'away /a.hd -vioii- .invai' "c'anter.'ijy"
'"a igpodtieiigtn;^. ":; •* »-.' y^-.y.'.'-^S. . •'.vv^'lv . i:.' •*
•,-A. light .dfii^ie; feH *n*aB|y; : .iJiU?."a&eJiJo(Jo' :
'and ;rnade .t'hei'cOur^eX^'Ugky fhnrt '. aT/ilttlei;.
.slow. 1 /.'TheVVar.d.^ ;. > lwas;»sin vexGeptlo.iiiiily'
:gpod "One^aiiay a¦.fegtiariii.qllda'y.Vcrovr.d
wasyiit'atieiijljdn c§: : '^uinjmary; '%*'.'£%«/-?• '?. '•'
¦ ¦.FIRST 1 'R"AClj^F<v'e '¦furfonssirselllttg-Sv^i* '•
.Betting.-' :lldrs?.;- W.elgbt/ Jt.tjcey...'£st. jj Fin.'.;
¦.'•S-.to^l^-iIarnef' Kon^'o;- lt>7 "<Bot!ner)y 3' --.Ti.-I ¦?!•'• /
•J6- tQ'l— XribiMje"; Oi-'-fy. ..PJiiillp«)f9 ¦.'&¦"• 2 tt; ""i
?0 to-.l— _A» .Commoner-, 102-(D3'vis)- 4-'.5 .-'¦» h-'r- ,
•' .,'.l;02C-3: : Sfar,t " •gbod:' > -\Von.>-e'asil}:. ! :
Wlriherv- <f. B:~ rjeSpess' '-b'. -''f. " by 'FcnsbTJ<fnr'%
-Re^d l?ird W2, - :.M!idy Hill -ipS>'«VaUafambIe~lic!,
¦:A.rani6de S'Jv Fly Lady»"lQ7, Cart>Burn-105;,.Mdr>-'
SJJyef -'SplnneE -p-Zx Rlce.ful-4V3 K -^so'
* V: .SEQON!b •¦RA'CE^&tee'piechffjie;? .shdrt. course,
.h.»-n<licap:.-'.t:-;i : \- ;••„•: -.-: ;"-; : ' ..-"¦- \ ,'".i :' . ~ . .-.- •¦
.Betilns:,--.Hors£; •We1g)iV;Jcc : key; <8JB**JK£V l g|?r
.10.tp - -l-^FareU4.-13.S. jJii WlUbAK>^.--i r A^Xi
'¦¦ l.to;l— J-.-E.;.OSveris; .127 •"( Jbhnsdrr):^ , 2--V-2-.2 • •.
., 9, to •u r 4-Mr..':pb?e'. IV UupMkhAnl l?J V3--8V'
•-./Time, .3:3S.-/- Stirt. f«lr-: 'JWjS^.-tMHT.'.-wra*'
. ; neif,.,C^ Ha-k'& Sons.-.R: iriV-Oby Faiconer-iririlVav
AlUne; Abbott' vl^q. .Ceylf'ri'.15^-,I.taca"tiaha- 127.
•••Se^iPiFate .133;'Gdlden-'-Iilnk'»16.2>fifs6»ran: »". - :
>'J'nilRD^ACE^'dn> ! antfiaVsfiteenth*:miloW. ;
jSurse^: .-¦' "„•¦ .¦-¦•¦:. "¦•-'.- •;¦.•" ..""¦.-.v"--y .'-.i *• ¦"' :
.Betting.-. ¦-HerSer.Weightr:- Jocke'r. .".&t> %:'Ffir. '•'
.Jip Jpcejyn: 02:«Vllson).-v2'"-i: ill.-,'
: - 3 ttr24-Rocita\fay,. SO- (Knarp)V;- 1..V.2 20 '
•aO'to.-l-T-'I;endin^95 '(H: .'Phillips/. .y-.r\3- 3 " :. i:
;•.' Tlitie;'- 1:4.6 2" : 5: -.Sta'rt^ gohri. •Won •• handily."
•WinpeK /Ward &»Harlari'sr(!h. f.-byvPlrate-'-of.
¦Pen^4n>e-"Rell.g:S.wlft. : --;- \. :.¦>. "J-. . j. »j--..; r^fjj
': FOURTH- RA.e.E^Seyen'*fur.lonKS.;':purseV: : '-'.
BeU'rhR-.*..-. Horse, Wels:ht v . Jccksy, ' St.;^i : Firi'! •
13 to, •5^-Wainamoinen; 102.\Wilsn7 © '3 .l.t--"
:10t(T' f-St.Taisinnnyi 106 '(Davlsn) -2".l '2 2- v -' '
"• 9 fo .<-rThe J)on, 1(V1 ¦/.BUchanan}'.. 7- -5.-3v,V •
. - TJBie-. •; 1 ;2?.:j:-.>. • Sfaf C; jrooH. -. .Wo*ri:'- "easllyV
Winner. "Talbot BrosV- -B.' 'f.'by' The!, eommtfrier" -'
.XIatilda.-. : Red~..Ra,ven-. lOl.-.Ethet- Wheat-ortS,'.
.••Lacy-.CrRtyfard-.BS. S'ltfat^ .112! 'Ethjrlehe-' JD4.
Jlrh-TClark 105^' Examiner 99,." also" ran.Vv ? »"-- : '""-
•,}" Special Dlspateh.;tb -ThVc^lf
T SIXTH RACE — Selling; one and a sixteenth
miles; oves the hill: - /¦
Betting. -Honje. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
jt t o i— Tribe's. Hill, 111 (Pickering) 4 4 1 h
•G to* 5— Hoodwink 108 (Fuller) 112 5
7 "to 5— L.ady Ptentate. 108 (Hicks) 3 3 3 6
Time 1:47.- Start good. Won driving.
Winner F Mldgeley'a br. c. by Clifford-Gar
oea. eincinnatua 97. also ran.
: FIFTH .RACE^-The". Bronx Hijrhwelght han
dicap: aril" agts;' sl^' furlongs of Withers mile:
Betting. * Ho^e, -\VAlBhf. Jockey. St. % Fin.
I'lO to ].-»Younp .Kenry; 123 (Fuller) 3 2 11
7. to'l— Race Klh?. 102 (Gannon). 2 12 2lj
" 5 to 1— Divination. 93 (Redfern) ..5 5 Jh
" Tim*. "1 :13, . Sca.rt bad. Won handily. Win
ner, E. R"; Thomas* b. g. by Henry Younjj-
Votanderft. Alabarch 103. Prince Chins IH>.
Lady Uncas JCo. Lux Casta 113. Gay Bor
124. .Wealth 1—. Jllyria 07. Salvatella 105, >Uo
ran.*- . .
-• • E'O^RT^I JlAGTJ-^-'Sellinsr; the Withers mile:
Betting. Horse. TWght.. Jookeyv St. »» I~ip.
. 1 to 2— Runnel3,%112 tO'2i?'t\\y. ... 1 3 1 1*4
•20 "to 1-rEa'd XfW3.»ia-{ (Ftnley).. 3 1 2 n
• -2. to 1^-Blach Fqx, 1C3. (Fuller).. 2 2 3
' Vjlme -I:o9 -\-o. : Start -good. Won handily.
¦ Wlnn'er ¦ J A. Crake's b. p. by Charade-Siiv
J-i:.--"'-
-/MORRIS. PARK;. Ni Y^JSepV 30.— E. R,
Thpmas" Yoan ff'H.einry : can 'the best . race
¦ at his 'ilfp'-}to-&iy when;.fie .won ihe Bronx
ih^hr . we'i£l>t. :haridrcap;.;'.tHe '• last 'six: fur
• longs, -ot th"e • \}'tl hers .-mile;" . carrying 125
"pounds. afld : .dcjfeatfng".R^ce;.Klng. Divlna
\lp^''ikla<t&ui<$i'.lfi& y . tlrtcas. . Wealth,' Lux
fj'astai*' Gay "Boy/ : Salyat.eJiia.,; > Illyrla . and
: P.»/nce; ; Chrng : ;i"n- time-%quahng . th» " track
record. -.CTn.e.ijiiflnen was-.at 10 .to. l,and
«jcotim--iiotvhg.ye.^ carried.',, much
• money'. '^, *"•";"; :.•'¦'¦"/ \~-.; ¦¦"', ".!•..••: v ' '•' .
V©n"V .thce« : s'tarted,; In" the -fourth^ race.
¦ Cor.,wHich%R;un.nels^pp,earQd. a.- certainty.
¦-T.'iie othfef- .\yesternL J r?prpsentatiVe, E. . R.
r.Br&Sley-'V Bar&KVws. w«jr*fe2M£ 1. large-
r -ly-because 'an. "unknown riiler. named-jFin
le^'^adjthe'mou'rrt*.'. Black-'F-ox made tha
t f,unnjng.'. "cjjjsely ¦foil8we.d..jby' Bad News,
yv-'fi.h; Runnels last. The-iin'known rider of
JBatr^tWs'ffdpk. the- fetid- Uomirig-' into' the
'gtffctch.«jrncr.-rVtaln'cd 'frt.untif the, last tui>
¦jiypsi- ¦vf'h<?n"'fiunnVlS' rn-ovqatip and 1 then
•driesc .^iiit* .Winning ijttfatojtjcj In" the good
;tinie-:of. 1 lip '4-a\ ;„¦ '*'y.;{\\\ . •*> . '. lA '
'/•Only.'^i ! jrl-pY>l?'- df'.sxfiftement 1 , "closed] a
plaV-id dcCK'V.sport- w.hefrc^l'Yarik Midgeley's
whVh : 'iij sbnie.' bf the Tkettlng,
"reraa" aj ..i'2'if;bv"J..; ; wtjhi-ljy' a.-hejad*. Ile^was
-.rj^clejf *tjy.-^fcflrering,..-.who .jeall^r rjwfe a '
'.£<5ott.;iface/-"' ; Af/er%tht5vi:ace/ John? McGln
" rjfs % 'frdnnf-vwHom itX^nUff. '.blsflmfed ->tha
: 5 ! ac i .ej > *! "during « ttfe. .Brighton Beach meet
¦.ing,'' bia. nim- lip- ;to..$£S>0. .
: Vdi'ned 4fie Jjtorse by'Wddinsr $Z»5. • JIcGIn
[nls'i'won . JTjOO*..on"* Tribes
. ftlij .t'o^day^- i Summary- :7 ._ * . s «.. > * *
;..%FiRST Eclipse- 'course:
BettiftK. ,.Horae, -Jockey"., Sf. *i F!n.
11 to. J<>-Re!iabfe.'122>.7 Kicks)*,.. „. 1 .1 1 2^
-.-8 J.o: fe-Kin^. Pepper,' j*r«.< Fuller) 3, .4 ,2 i\~
4 13 to/. 5-rIp.«;oM..lf.» (JleVfTe/n) 2-3 SI'
¦vTlme; 1 :10:'4.-5.-; Stsm - -fair. ¦ \Von ridden, out.
rWinner. ,AV,. C. .tVhJtney>-.b.-c. by " Watercress-
--^ce Water im .Invincible 105, Prairie
.-Flower 'T.i 0OfS>aye > 'J>.":. Neither? One "92; ala©
' -.' ; SE<k>'N.D ' pXtR^F'or' two-year'-oltl*5
' five '•TurloriKs .on Eclipse # coyrj«e":'. ••»¦.'.* *\*
•JJettinp.'.'^orse. JWeifftit. Jockey. ° ! St:,.*i Fin. »
•'-1 to STrFJafmmula* -'112 (Fuller) '.':\, 2 .3 im
¦J-T.-JO- 1— To'. Sart", ,110 (QannonK.;.- 4. 1 • 2 *f> ;
.-•r».to"l— BOrclette.- ltf) .'. . 3,!,3h .
; "•¦¦-T-lm< v ;C-5. •' Siart.'fa4,r. . Won handily.
.-¦^Tinn'er. '4* G. Follatr-bee's ch.»f by Klambeau
a.r^tc)ien.-.' .*X>lJnp!C> .1i:5..' .Cayudctta J -107, Ko-
Itriombb "in."; M^rfh^e, :1c?, Algonquin '108. Pur
• pie .Iris" :ii>5fM : TTic.o"110.-Gainea,tres9 105,^Mls»
•Mertorf X01);;:also l ;ra*V \ -
rVTHIRD " vRACE— Th^* ' hurricane ; *sllin*
:e.tak°es\ for/ tjvo-yea.r-old. maidens at titne' ot.
.'entry; flvevfurlongs # on Eclipse course:
'K?ti\ng.\'?lbrs?' Jockey. St. % Fin.
6 to'.l-,auv.. Maxl'in.- 9".» <13oiaen). 1 1 • 1 H
¦20--fo 1-vTepee:- lt>5 -(Bums) .*. 3 3 2 =54
¦ .l.{6*:J-7-'D'ck.Turpi'j: IOC (O'Neill) 2 2 .1 2
•" -Time. *.:39-.-4-3. -jSUpt* ' a ' r - Won driving.
".Winner, 4 S. ..Pafret>* ch. c. bjr Juvenal-Maxlna.
Prince; Salm* Saln\. 1<H. Inquisitive Girl 1)9,
¦iJojioc'hOFd'/QO.iO^alalla 0». also ran.
"" * ' Special' Dispatch" tfi. Th'6 .CariS
TriWs Hill: Is- • i f c feoos»ted f
¦' t .* .-After 'Winning 0 at
i. •'. \: ¦; Morris. Park? • . , .
His Mount Falls and Another
Contestant Rolls Upon •¦* ''
• Him? 'M'\i&
. Fast. ."Son of *Altam'axv.'Cr3t3
' ' '• "Be.yond'-r-he •Qontfbl cif • " *.
i/'i ;¦' ' '¦ • .J£napr>.V. :. • :. •;-.,
H6rsenlen :< P^ar : Effects
.'. -of Rc-ckaw&y's Sho."^ v *
-V :' .-.jof iSpirit.V : :,-^: •
Thomas' Sprinter Runs
':;•: ' the Best Race of
:;-.;;• His' Career.
Promising Jockey Is Fa
talJy Injured at i
Delmar. ..^
YOUNG HENRY'S
BRONX HANDICAP
COLT RUNS AWAY
AFTER THE RACE
SHEA HAS RIDDEN
IN HIS LAST RACE
SPORTS OF THE RUNNING. AND TROTTING TURF, THE RING AND FIELD
THE SAK- FEANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 1, 1903.
FOX TERRIER FANCIER WILL INVADE THE EAST
WITH A STRING OF IMPORTED PRIZE WINNERS
10
JLDV.ERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
And while not always painful are aggravating beyond expression. With
few exceptions they are worse in spring and summer when the system begins
tothawoutandtheskin z Buffored Eczemft of hands
IB reacting 1 and making JSrTfv and fa 9 e toT over a year, it was not pnly
extraeffortstothrowoff ffiSS&^uffi^uSS olVTn SS
the poisons that have ffif &\£f streets. .
accumulated during the V« »*- r / Itriedatleastadozensoapsandsalvso
accuaiuioicuuu b ani i became very much discouraged
Winter. Then DOliS ana until I read in the paper of the cures
•--ip. rashes and 225l^2S^ performed through tho use of S. S. S. I
pimples, rasnes anu fj^pfTK tad little faith at first but determined
eruptions Of every con- VT? \\\\ to Rive It a month's fair trial at least. I
r*»;T«j f»1<» kind make *Z ¦ v* am pleased to state that I soon noticed a.
ceivaDie Kina majtc B U K nt improvement, sufficient to decida.
their appearance, ana me to ft up. After the use of six bottles my skin
r-.pn,;, andTetter the was as smooth and soft as a baby's. This was a year
.bczema ana l eitcr— -w^c q aad x h^ o neve r bad any trouble since.
twin terrors of skin MISS GE nbva BRIGQS.
diseases — Nettle-rash, Q16 So> ?th B Mlnnea polis, Minn,
Poison Oak and Ivy, . . . . ,
and such other skin troubles as usually remain quiet during cold weather,
break out afresh to torment and distract by their fearful burning, itching
and stinging. A course of- S. S. S. now will purify
S/J^ fr^ and enrich the blood, reinforce and tone up the gen-
V>*^ eral system and stimulate the sluggish circulation,
t^**^l l^^j thus warding off the diseases common to spring and
*+*S summer. The skin, with good blood to nourish it,
remains smooth and soft and free of all disfiguring eruptions
fo?Snr free book on diseases of the skin and write us if you desire
u^^^^y^^^'i^mB^.- This will cost you nothing. ,
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, GAmWOMEN WHO ARE IN CHARGE OF THE VARIOUS BOOTHS AT 8T.
FRANCIS DE SALES CHURCH FAIR, WHICH OPENED LAST
NIGHT IN THE HALL AT GROVE AND JONES STREETS.
Jewish Holiday Begins.
OAKLAND, Sept. 30.— The Jewish feast
of Yom Kippur began at sundown to
night. Appropriate services were held la
the synagogues. . ' .
Would Condemn Land.
OAKLAND. Sept. 30.— The Central Pa
cific Railroad Company to-day began con
demnation proceedings against Gretchen
Feldman in order to get possession of a
lot of land 339x150 feet, at Fifth, Cypress
and Kirkham streets, for the purposes of
a freight yard. They ask that appraisers
be appointed to make a valuation of the
premises for the guidance of the court.
This is the only portion of a large tract
the company has not obtained to extend
its West Oakland freight yard facilities.
There was a disagreement In the nego
tiations for the property, and the con
demnation proceedings are the result.
According to statistics Just Issued by
the Rhelms Chamber of Commerce. 22,
523,746 bottles of French champagne havo
been exported during yte last twelve
months, while only 14,011,S56 bottles were
sold in France.
K. Davis. Miss Gertrude Easley and Miss M.
Madden.
Children of-Mary booth— Miss ST. McDonald,
president: Misa M. Gallagher, rice president;
Miss Leota Kelly, secretary: Mlsa M. O'Con
nor, treasurer; Ml as L. Kehoe. Miss M. Flem
ing. Miss E. Gallagher. Miss Mary Fleming.
Miss K. Doughery Misa U Wnelan.
St Francis de Sales booth — Mrs R. Ryan.
president: Miss Theresa Rousseau, secretary;
Mra. Collins. Mrs. K. Gulnlss. Mrs. T. Brown.
Mrs. M. Burke. Miss A. Alen and MUa K.
Mahoney.
Hiawatha booth— Mrs. J. Ryal. president ;
Mrs. H. Milton. Mrs.- McXamara. Mrs. B. Mc-
Clenes*n. Mrs. F. McFeeley. Miss E.- Mc-
Laren. Miss M. Milton. Miss I* Burke.
League of the Cross Cadets— Mrs. M. Kelly,
president, assisted by the League of th« Croaa
°1no^al booth— President. Mrs. F. Ulianthal:
vice president. Mrs. P. KWch; ««ej«arr. ' *"¦¦
JeMle, Hollywood. Misse- StroynsM. Him Bn
Slavich. Mlsa Ruth Purceil.
result of their efforts and predicted a
complete success.
During the. evening there was an In
formal musical programme, under direc
tion oi Miss McNally, the church organ
ist. Numbers were rendered by Mrs. Tar
box, Mr. Williams of Berkeley and Miss
Dowall.
The booths and those in charge are as
follows:
Tea and confectionery booth— Mrs. Henry A
Butters, president: Mtaa Marguerite Butters'
Miss Marie Butters. , Miss Louis* Mahoriey Miss
Marietta Havens. Miss ChrlssU Taft. Mrs R.
A. Bray, Miss Mary Dunn. Mis* Claire Cha'bot :
Mrs. Oecar Lunlna;.. Mrs. J. P. Dunn.
Refreshment booth — Miss Agnes Kearney
president: Mrs. J. Coakley. secretary: Mrs. rT
Ketjen. Mrs. J. Berger, Mrs. B. Hanley. Mrs.
M. Otero. Mrs. T. Tieweger. Mri. N.~ Hlnlns.
Mrs. F. Norton and Mrs. 8. Treat, Miss Alice
Kearney.' Miss A. Porter. MLsa A. White. Miss'
Sept 30.— With bril
,/Z'A| llant- colors and booths aglow In
\l JJ light and striking decorations the
; ladles of St. Francis de Sales par
ish to-night opened their fair at
St. Francis de Sales Hall, Grove "and
Jones streets, .upon which they have la
bored hard for weeks. Thanks to the in
defatigable efforts of the scores of women
interested in the event, the inaugural of
the .bazaar was ' all that their fondest
hopes could desire. '¦ '
- Crowds' thronged the auditorium, en
i Joyed the f music : and, what was best of
all,' .were /open-handed ,: and .needed little
coaxing to part with their dollars.
".:¦ In opening ' the fair the Rev. Thomas
McSweeney, the pastor of St. Francis do
> Sales," congratulated 'the workers on • the'
Liberal Patrons Hear Music and Speeches Tha
Enliven a Profitable Evening.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2143 Center Street, Sept. 30.
Mrs. Jesusa Alexandrino Bello Hilgard,
the wife of Professor E. \V. Hilgard,
dean of the College of Agriculture at the
University of California, passed away
this morning at her home, 2728 Bancroft
way; She had suffered only, a brief ill
ness, having been stricken three days ago
with pneumonia, which took such a firm
hold upon her that she succumbed to
death in spite of the best medical aid.
Mrs. Hilgard was a native of Spain and
61 years of age. She was the daughter
of Colonel Manuel Bello of the Spanish
army. On September 30, I860, she mar
ried Professor Hilgard in Madrid and to
day was » the forty-third anniversary of
their .•wedding. Soon after the wedding
the young , people came to America and
subsequently Professor Hilgard was called
to take charge /of the agricultural de
partment of • the university; his connec
tion :! with the college having begun i in
1875. Two daughters survive Mrs. Hilgard
—Maria Louise and Alice Rose Hilgard. :,
The funeral will take place at 10 o'clock
ETidav morning from St. Joseph's Church.
Striking resemblance has been pointed
6st between the remarkable ancient ruins
at Zimbabwe, in Rhodesia, and antlqu'ties
in Cornwall. England.
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND, Sept. 30.— The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: William E. Hoogs,
over 21 years of age, and Lydia M. Cross,
over 18, both of Oakland; Oscar Gold-
Btrom, 22, San Francisco, and Ida Peter
son, 25, Berkeley; Frank Black, 19, and
EuroIIa D. Charters. 23, both of Oakland;
M. M. Lopez, ZU Centerville, and Mary
Freltas, 21, Pleasanton; Frederick E.- Mer
sereau, 31, and Ada E. Uglow, 24, both of
San Francisco; Anton Stefau, over 21, San
Jose, and Emily Ford, over 18, Oakland;
John W. Devereaux. over 2L and Louisa
A, Deluchi, over 18, both of Oakland.
Death Calls Mrs. Jesusa
Hilgard After Brief
Illness.
Would Divorce Bride.
OAKLAND, Sept, SO.— Suit for divorce
was begun to-day by James MacDonald
of Alameda against Mrs. Edna MacDon
tld. He Is a ship calker and was mar
ried to the defendant within the last f»w
months.
DIES ON WEDDING
ANNIVERSARY-DAY
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
V - 1118 Broadwray, Sept. 30.
A great missionary conference of Prot
estant' churches, interdenominational and'
of broad scope, Has been taken in hand
by a large committee, the moving spirit
of which" Is the Rev. Dwight EL* Potter,
pastor of Union-street Presbyterian
Church. The conference will be held De*
cember 4, 5 and 6 at ths First Presbyte
rian Church. Delegates from the 200
churches in the bay counties; and num
bering 2000, will attend" the monster gath
ering.
Arrangements for this Important^ church
movement are In charge of a Joint com
mittee of the young people's societies of
the Methodist, Baptist, Congregational,
Presbyterian and Methodist South
churches. The tentative c .,plans compre
hend the largest missionary conference
ever held west of the Mississippi River.
The gathering will be known as the
Young People's International Missionary
Conference. Headquarters have been
opened in the First Presbyterian Church.
Included In the district to.' be represented
are Alameda, San Francisco, Contra
Costa, Santa Clara, San Mateo. Marin,
Solano, Napa, Sonoma «nd Sacramento
counties.
The committees are as follows:
Programme committee — Rev. D. E. Potter
(chairman). Rev. M. Slaughter, Rev. Owen E.
Hotle, Rev. Miles B. Fisher, W. M. Bird. En
tertainment commlttee^ — Ellis E. Wood (chair
man). Earl D. White. Miss Dell Jewell. A. M.
Sutherland,, R. J. Burks. Prayer circle — Rev.
Owen- Hotle. H." X.. Sorensen, committee; Earl
S. Blngham, chairman.
BERKELEY. Sept. 30. — Th» first appoint
ment* to Oxford University under the Rhode*
scholarship rand will b« made In November.
when seven students will be chosen from Soutb
Africa and five from Germany. The first ap
pointment from California will be made la
January, the student to come from the Uni
versity of California. 8tudenta intending to
try for the scholarship are required to notify
President Wheeler, who will receive the In
structions and examination papers from Ox
ford. The aopllcant must be under 23 years
of age. in perfect health and either a member
of the Junior, senior or graduate class of ths
university. . The selection of th« student from
among the competitors for the scholarship will
be made by - Use California committee—Presi
dents Wheeler and Jordan and Or. Norton of
the Pomona College.
The football can>9 bet-ween tha varsity and,
the naval school next Saturday will begin at
1:30 o'clock In order to permit persons wish
ing to se« It and the French play. "Phedrev""
to see both. "Fhedw" will begin at 3:30
o'clock.
Accuses Uon-TJnion Men.
ALAMEDA, Sept. SO.-E. E. Townsend.
a union lineman, swore to complaints be
fore Justice Tappan charging four non
urJon lincmrn— Hugh Carpenter, E. G.
Kush. William Gardiner and Lionel Mo
rcal—with battery. Townsend says the
accused attacked him at the Webster
etreet bridge Saturday night and beat
him severely, following an altercation
over the telephone linemen's strike.
Tsvp .Hundred Churcjiea
•Unite/ 'tp'^Hold* i/^
'••'" Convention. * • ;. . .
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
PLAN A GREAT
MISSIONS MOVE
Freight Yards in Alameda,. ' ** J
ALAMEDA. Sept. 30.— Arrangements are
being made by the Southern Pacific Com
lanyiio utilize for track yards :he land
it controls on the south side of the estu
ary, between Webster street and Alameda
Point. Hay & Wright's shipyards" jind
other enterprises now occupying portions
of the tract have been served -with no
tices to move within sixty days after the
test of October. . .¦< . * '-. --. '
. OAKLAND',: Sept: SO.'^-Mrs.. George '£: de.
Golis has Bent. .out cards 'for a -large tea' which
-ehe, will give at her residence,- .1390 rfarrison '
etwret, .on October 1 . -T. . Miss Koelle de' Golia,
th^'chariolrie young •."dauKb ( ter. of tho house,"
who >.as>. Just, returned from a finishing school
in New Tork. will be presented by her mother
-tj. the -200 or more. friends .who have received
Invitations t& the reception.- A large receiving'
party, will' assist .the hostess, .including "Mrs.
l.'rancls Rabe,. Mrs.' Henry. Barroilhet of -.San
' Fraiif isco,; Mrs. AUender, Mlfs Bowie of San.
Mrs. ' Henry Roaenfeld, Mr^l E. G.'
Lukens? Mrs. Franclg Museer, Mrs. A. A- Long,
. Mrs. Charles* Parcells. Mrs. • J. Loran Pease,
.Mrs." Fred.StoljS Mrs. Lee Cple Burnham, Mrs.
Frank Watson. a%«. John Clay Hampton, Mrs.
Krncst J. Cofton, Edward Er.gs t Mrs.
Wlckhain Havens, TJrs^ G*jorge • Hamraer. Mrs.
Frlton Taylor» ' Misses sYwng,. Ml^srs Oliver,
Mtsses Nicholson', Miss NVtalle Fore.-. Miss Jes
'. -." Craig-, Miss Anita Lohse, Miss Ir«ne Baneia,-
Miss Ix.'tit!a Barry, Miss. May Cooran. Mies
Lucretia Burnham, Miss Edith Beck. 3 Miss Bes
sie Film or". Miss Marlon \Val«h. Miss Cornelia
Etratton, 'Miss Kimble, Misa* Button, Miss Hes
pi« Haver.. Miss Farsett of New York, Misses
Reed, Miss Ann MeElrath. Miss Ethel Kent of
Fan Francisco, Ml6» Isabelle Kendall. Miss
Crissi« Taft, Miss Ada Kenna, Miss SevtUa
Harden and Mies Thompson of San Francisco
Mrs. Henry Rosenfeld has nent out Invitations
to a card party at 2 o'clock on the afternoon
of October 10 in honor of Miss de Golla. The
affair will be given in the maple room of the
Palace Hctel. and the same "500" will be
played.
EVENTS. IN. S0.Q1ETY
COLORED CHILD DRINKS
FATALLY OF COAL OIL
Baby Imitates Older . Brother; ---Who
Had Been Using Kerosene as'-'. \
a Gargle. % vV. •*•«"'¦'•>•.-
OAIvLAND. Sept. 30.— Doug'.as • Martin",
1 year old. the child of<J. B'.'. -Majr tin," ia
• ! red cook in the employ of .the'.PiAlT
¦ Car Company, of 1074 '¦-Slit^thTrci
¦•:-.. drar.k kerosene to-day .and ¦' <fledv
•;. child's older brother had .been gK'sV'
ling his throat with the liquid , and,. left
: -,::ie in a ctn in the back yard. 'I' The -at
tic child followed its brother's*- example,
I tit instead of expectorating it after using
Ftvailowed the oiL Dr. Woods was called
in, but death resulted in a few minutes.
Oakland Offica San Francisco Call.
1113 Broadway, Sept. 30.
•.Thoughts of home and fatherland over
came Oluf Henry Rudolf Petersen to-day
when it came to forswearing his alls
glance to King Christian IX of Denmark
and he broke down and cried when it
came to taking the oath required of him
In order to become a citizen of the United
States. Only the assurances of his broth
er, Nills H. Petersen. that many of their
fellow countrymen had done the same
thing before them, finally satisfied him
that he was not a traitor to the flag that
protected him at his birth. In the ancient
home of the Vikings.
The two Petersens appeared before
Chief Deputy George Pierce- to-day to de
clare their Intentions of becoming citizens
of this country and to take out their first
papers. Their names, ages and land of
their birth' were quickly forthcoming, but
when they were required to hold up their
hands and swear to renounce forever
their allegiance to King Christian IX. the
reigning sovereign of Denmark. Oluf
broke down and cried and refused to go
on with the obligations.
He talked fast to his brother in his na
tive tongue and pointed in the direction
of their childhood's home and walked
away from the desk. The brother took
the necessary obligation and explained tho
cause of his brother's refusal. He then
went and talked to him and " finally
brought him back, when the oath was
taken.
.*¦;;.. Gakiarid.-QfJleeiSaQr. Trii jifrlsco Call. ,
•" v? •'=:.• v'i'V i-U 8
.- ' Ma.S'qr^' Warren ' Olney - has; Issued.-invitar .
'tiqns."'to '. th6- proraiiient club' .;.;w6mea /of ¦
jOAkiar.d:tq m^efat bis -6ifice^ohday.:af U:
erno'oh.. ; Q<:Xober 5; .at ,4 o'clo'ck.Tto consider
.tlie^erganlzadofi'.Qt 'k' Women's 'igiprovfe;.
meht-club'jn this •ci^'y^-. •'.•- \\\->- : . _-.. '. •¦/.
. fin. His :^ietter of 'invitation tlie : MayQr has.'
.pointed -out. tfiat'the-efforts.'of .wom.e.hV't.OT |
.'*va'rd. civfe.' b€tterment j : ca.n...t>e.-.*made
moving lmp'ortahce!" lie* believes fhat such'
ifupravjements 'a.s'a uniform tae'thbd jot. Be-
•clirihg'parks: bofrlevards, .o-'f remaking:
erf.d- keypln'g..Ja' order ihic Vthpro'ughfare's
¦"of/ the' "cJty.-pf -beautifi'in^.publiy; places
a'nd highways. "with 'shaae" .trees, cah-all-be.
fes.tered, "by. -the. '¦•united/ ..."effort-" of; 'th.V-
T.-pmen.'.:." •¦'\ .'"''.• '~' :¦¦'.¦/;¦ "•-..' ..-•-. ¦" •
. Those .who -have^ been. iriy|t^d to the con-"
•fcrence are.tMe' jollowirig hamed/pro'mfr.'
r.eht pleaders in--.womejfs. clifb. and.- social'
of-the'eity-: " ."••'.* .•; •. ' .••".':'
'Mrs: S: C. "Borland, .Mrs. .Geofg-e -.WT Bunnell,
ftlrs:. C. W. Kin»ey; Mra. Robert- Watt, *Mfs.
Warren '-S. -Palmer. •JJrs. Kate Bulkley. Mrs.
E..->I.' Hall. Mrs: Samuel .Hubbard. "Mrs.- J&hn
M. Cushing.- Mrs. James'Mcfflt. Miss Mabel T.
Gray. Mrs. A. A. Denison, Mrs.'« F. *M. Smith.
Mrs. e^son* Adams.MriJ. *\ C: Turner. "Mre.- E..
h. KluVgel. Mrs. C. H...Redingtbn. Mrs. John
P. . Iriffi.' 'Mn. A. Jf- Iioeborough'- and* Miss
Miry W. Tjrrell. :. : * . ; '• • . '-• -...•;•
€iiiie%-E^e^^
U ':-'-. ,gapize. ' -; %
MAYOR INVITES
WOMEN TO AID
COK'SOLATIOU' VTtUHSL,: ','¦ -^ ,• ¦¦{ • •
FOB "ftT A TOElf. T^EAC H K fts'
Urs. Eobert Grant Will " Pay • Clu^
t Penalty for Givitg iHer^Hand'.- ;.:•¦
in lilaxnage.-.;^-.;^:-^:^
A LAM EDA. Sop L •.o0..i-Ma{d< s n;-;.'tea,cher^ i
cf the I^Dnsfellpw-.Schocl.aiid.vt-rtrttJd-e^erti
ers from the Bachelor ¦Instrilc't'oi'S*- : 'piuEt :
that existed at^that-,lnrtitut5iin;-^nliK!^iJf-.
pld captured some .c.l7it& pii^tttest^ihe.ni-
bers v.-ill be dined '¦» at"ij±^ .^aj^oridafH^.
tel in San : Fi"ar.<*isro.-\&ii;urday, •evSriing
by Mrs. Itobert Grant.; *t-h<v ' be.f orf '.;"he£;
marriage recently, "vrasj^.ss Crpytf.'
ley. and a pedagogue 'at- '|2i£ .Xongfellps^
School. ¦'.¦:. ":V."" "¦-'*.'' •V***-* --vK. £** ; ?£v
The banquet is In, CQi^Pl^nce ; ".wfth. : -a
compact entered Into tb&jtlf&^te&iieri*
when they were tingle 'iLhd. hSjppjv/tliat'
v.hoevor gave her. heart • *h(i«Eana : "-tpXa : -
jnan should set a festal *0ard^f6f those':
remaining heart-whole '..'/i^d/.' fa'ncy-itre^V-
Mis? Maude Gray, . now*^ iirs, '^aianuel-
Kyre. and Miss Augusta
George Leavitt, who were'V's* iEVtryi-toi's
at the Longfellow School; r'<^onciied -t.Ketr
lonesome sisters after 'their Carriages': by
entertair.ir.g them at a. b'af.yueU^VThese'
matrons will be the guestJ^oi.^nbr !af
the dinner Saturday evening*' • • ¦»¦•«•.-. '- V ; ' : '-
a. time rented by Vonah to stable horses '
and wagons In. — — *""*
ALAilEDA. Sept. SO.— Vice President
Ivy L>. Borden o! the Bank of Alameda.
ex-Senator Edward K. Taylor, Howard
K. James and Frank E. Heath were par
ticipants in a sensational melee In Judge
P. S. Cone's courtroom to-day, which
ended with the partial -wrecking' of the
temple of Justice and an uncomfortable
squeezing: for James, who was jammed
behind a door until the- hinges save way
and permitted him to draw his breath.
Heath precipitated the trouble by at
tempting to assault Borden, who, as the
representative of the Bank of Alameda.
bad just been awarded $113 damages In
a suit against T. Vonah, a former asso
ciate of Heath in the dairy business.
Heath was called by the defense as a
witness in the trial. When Judge Cone
announced his decision and retired to his
private chamber Heath said to Borden:
"Well, you will never collect that money.
I've cot a notion to take It out of your
hide. I'll do It right now." "With this
threat Heath stepped out of the hallway
leading from the little courtroom, strip
ped off his coat and started to re-enter
the building.
¦ James, who acted as attorney for Vonah,
threw all his weight against the portal
In an effort to close it. Heath came up
against the door like a battering ram.
Then James and the door were swept
back and struck the wall with a double
thud. The door fell off and James fell
down.
Then it was that Taylor, the lawyer for
the Bank of Alameda. got Into action.
He took on an Eddie Hanlon crouch and
butted the excited Heath into the street.
Borden called on the Judge for protec
tion and his Honor called the police. By
this time James and Taylor had got
Heath into a flying wedge and hustled
him alens: to Santa Clara avenue, where
he cooled off under a tree. No arrests
, were made, but Judge Cone notified James
that If repairs were not made to his
courtroom at Heath's expense he would
swear out a warrant for the door smasher
on a charge of malicious mischief.
"-iln'the suit against Vonah the defend
ant was accused of carrying off a barn
owned -.by the Bank of Alameda and .'or
CRIES AT OATH
OF ALLEGIANCE
Oakland O^e©»Eaa C4I1.'
. . i£.v i Broidwjiy,""'BeDt;;'30.;' :
After a teparati.^ .''«? ute{^yei«;'in0the>,
• nd son met ag^nVthls" -morning.' .">.Th'e;
meeting was most drjaiaatifc^ and- pathetic-.-
August F. .'Gorl^vea,r iZ-'yeerB'-bjyk^e,.
was kidnaped ten years-kgo;. fey his. -fathv
cr and aTter wiir<ierinfcT r .aIl:: .".over.- "the
•world, at last 6ucceec t ed. tei finding'. 'his;
ir other. ¦,'.'¦"^ ''I* »'" '*••*• V". ',."' '
"When 7 years old, the boy Hyfed- with -his
pareats la Hpnolu'-i^Th^e .parents q'qarV 1
rekd ar.d the fath r," after kidn'aplng.'th'e'
child, escaped to rae- Afii^an-jcpiat Jan'd'
landed on one of tho -Madeira. ' Isfaxids,
¦where they remained tWy?aj«; :'."After
that they wandert I .in' >iirioaB. part? ' pt
the world for four year^. when, the/ 1 boy,
entered the Spanirt .navat,training;.$er
vjce. When his t :iip. VrsLS_^t v QJbr£CU$r"
jo-cg Gcnsalves vi-as •'.'In. -the
chest by a. sailor. He'-was ;<jornpeiled to.
leave the ship and reJoJn^S »his--£a*b>r in'
Gibraltar. The elder Gbasalyea • became"
ill end died. Before his death IJe tc-ld'W?;
ton to find his mother, whV.ha,d*;left Hon-'
olulu for the Unite i : States; but;: whoso
address he did not know?... v V . ?.." .'..•;..'.
Vouns Gonsaives worked,/ bis'. , i wn^l' .to
New York and thei.ce * to. Chicago.-. The
jioMce la the Windy City.took.ai.'fiiter.e&t;
In the boy's story a;.d issuei'circui^fs-'lii
an er.deavor to Cni t£e v lad's^"in.oi!ier.-
They were Euccessfu; and* l&V^t'ed' hfr .in
Ecst Oakland. She immediately" s°ht..a
ticket to her boy to c'ifi?e;home.-o*a;-\V&en'
the ticket reached Chicago- b©-. haiL'-leli
end was later found :n' jD.t?iahii;- wherq it
>-wts given him. . T^' •:'':••.•«<,¦•:¦¦•"-:¦.. '.
When the boy left the •ti^inJInr.OaJtlaiid
be was ir.ft by his iratheriand'a'joy.ous
meeting 1 occurred. <:°s £ C; ..•¦ # v l.-'.' '' V
-Breaks Down Door and Jams
' the Breath Out of One
Lawyer. ~~
After Adventurgus^Jbarney:^
ings About % r^G^rl^^^;-;V
ReacHe^Ht»me^:-. :: :';; '¦'¦;¦ '¦¦
Excitable Witness Mixes
With Attorneys in
: Fiery Melee.
Stolen by Fatheiv^ug^
ust Gonsalyes.^Bacfc V;..
From Wanderings:-;,*
COURT VIEWS
FAST BATTLE
SAINT FRANICISDE SALES FAIR IS OPENED WITH BRILLIANT BOOTHS
AND DECORATIONS AND GREAT CROWDS THRONG THE AUDITORIUM
KIDNAPED BOY
FINDS MOTHER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 1, 1903..
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA BERKELEY OAKLAND ALAMEDA
11
COOK BOOK OFFER TO
CLOSE OCTOBER 30.
The Call's Cock Book prem-
ium offer will close on October
30, 1S03, and all readers of this
paper who desire a copy of this
household treasure should not
fail to place their order im-
mediately.
This splendid premium will
be offered to Call subscribers at
the exceptionally low rate of
fifty cents per copy. Out of
town orders twenty cents ad-
ditional to cover prepayment of
transportation charges.OTTAWA. Ont.. Seat. 30.— The National
Transcontinental Railway bill." which provided
for the building; of a railway : from Moncton
NV B.. to Port Simpson. B. C. was read a
third time in the Commons to-day, ft wa«
passed on a straight party division.
Bacing Results at The Dalles.
THE DALLES. Or.. Sept. 30.— Results-
Half-mile dash — Vision won. Belle A second
H*zel 3 tblrd. Time. 1:19. '
Five • furlongs — Brown Princess won, Espl
rando second, Sampson Plunkett third. Time
1:05.-
Half mile— Birr Dutch won. Limb of the Law
second. B. C. Green third. Time. :30.
PORTLAND. Sept 30.— At a meeting of
the Multnomah Athletic Club football
team last night it was decided to visit
Calif ornia and play one game each with
the University of California and Stanford
University. The team will leave Portland
on October 27. This will bring them Into
San Francisco Thursday morning, October
29. ' and will give the men a chance to
practice for the game on Saturday. Octo
ber 31, with the University of California
This will be the first game played by
Multnomah In California, the "Webfootera
playing at Berkeley. The second game
will be with Stanford University, the fol
lowing Saturday, November 7. Captain
McMillan will then bring his men home
and get them into shape for the big game
of the year between Multnomah and the
University of Oregon.
Multnomah Eleven to Flay Here.
Game Gelling Trots, the
Distance Close torRec-^
' - - ; . .ord Time:
, United States^. Coa.st ' and ' GeddVtic " ''Survey*
* . T^ me - ana .Heights bf ¦• HJgh 'arid*.*" Lo"w
:.. waters i.t • Fort ."Point, tr> San
Franci£c.o .Ba^ Published "by. official. au»
_tpority ht the Sup^rintemieriC*. '•..''. :. ' •
• NOTE — The # .hlgh*.and '.low waters • occur- at
the city front /VMissio.n-street Wharf) abo'ut 25*
minutes later , than afPo.rt' Point;th» height
of /.ide is the - came at*both"- places." .'; "••¦•;
. • ' ' ! Thursday; 'pctober'.i. •;..••." ¦ .-.
Sun- rises •...'..•.'.,..•..•.••?{•.!?..'.. ¦*, ¦¦ ¦" *' rt-04
.Suri sets . i\ ..:::. ,\. ...'.; ,'f •.. »'" i" : '5*55
Moon sets .-..' -. { ;.. :,. .S"^^jjis'a m . •
I ES k"'3lT|^.|^!f K^'
•/ IL W fll ;W " • ' L.-.w'f \.-JH. wj *. • .
1 .1:39 O.*8J 8:48 4.9 2:13 .•2*.6~7'«C' 4 7*
2 2:20 0.8 !):22 5.0 2:S5 . 2:2 ftSb*' .4 8
3 3:05 O.»-O:55 B.J. 3:33 1.9 9:45 48 I
4 3:40 1.0|10:2'. * 5.2 4:08 • 1.5 10:28 * 49
6 4:15|* 1.2|10:r.o • 5".2 4:43 "1.1 11*11 4 j>J
« 4:4.8! . 1.3II1:15[ 5.3 5:20 0.8 11:56 6.0
t7 r.:2-.»: -I.tijU:4y| 5.3 5:57 0.5 .."....* ".*
NOTE — In the' above .exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left"
hand column and the successive tides' of th*'
day In the order of. occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the- last tides of the
day. except when there "are but three tides as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to. the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except, when a minus ('— )
sign precedes the height." and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean'
of the lower low waters, •" -. • • ¦•:.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
: "Wednesday. September 30.,
Stmr Whitesboro, Foaen, 15% hours from
Greenwood. •*¦
Stmr Arcata. Neteon, 67 hours from Coos'
Bay. via Port Orford 4S hours.
Stmr. Westport, Efhith, 18 hours- from West
port. , . ¦
Stmr Curacao,. Paulsen/ 11 days from Guay
mas,: via Ensenada 45 hours.
Stmr Chlco, Jensen, 48 hours from Bandon
Schr Zampa, Kallenburg, 5 days from Co
lumbia : River. «.
Nor Etmr Hero. Sy vertsen, 84 -hours from
Ladysmitn. ¦•• ¦ . •
Fr bark . Gael. . Savary, 139 days from-New
castle. England.
Schr -Virginia, 'MatBon, 1 5 day« from Colum
bia River. ...
Schr Minnie , A * Calne, . Olsen, 8 dayd from
Grays *Harbor.
Schr Wm Renton. Anderson, 9 "days from
Grays Harbor.
Schr Bessie K, Merriam. 10 hours ' from San
Vicente Landing.
CLEARED. • \
Wednesday, September 30. '•
Stmr ' Pomona, • Swanson, Eureka; Paclflc
Coast . Steamship Co. '•¦ .-
Schr Mary and Ida, Stensland, Sand Point*
Alaska Codfish Co. . , .. '
.SAILED.
. Wednesday, /September 30.
Stmr Iaqua. Bonifleld, Eureka. ¦ . '•
Stmr Columbia, Doran, .Astoria.' ¦' .^
Stmr Coos Bay, Nicolson, San Pedro.
Stmr Arctic, Relners, Eureka./ .,,-'
Etmr Newsboy, Adler, Mendocino. '» ']
Mlnnetonka to Sail.
The American-Hawaiian Sttam«!iip Com
lanj'a Minnetonka will sail to-day for Hew
Steamer.- Destination. Sails.! Pier.
~ October 1. j • -
Arcata Coob B.& Pt.Orford-4 pmjPier 13
Kureka' Humboldt I 0 amjPler 13
Pomona Humboldt 1:30 p(PJer 0
jjjval Willepa Harbor 4 pmjPier 2
s'tate cf Cal San. Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 19
Nehrtfkan. Honolulu v. Pgt. S. 3 pm Pier 23
ArE0 ! Eel River Ports.... i rinlPier 2
g October 2. !
Pamoa I»» Angeles Ports. | 4 pm Pier 2
N fork ! Huroboldt |12 m Pier 2
roronado... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Rainier.... Seattle & Whatcoai 4 i_m Pier 10
October 3.
\v T^-ireett. Humboldt 2 pm Pier 2
£ ' Monica . Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier . 2
skn I'«lro . - Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2
p. Arena.. Point Arena... 4 pm Pier 2
Ohiro...'..-- Coquille River C pm Pier 2
Newport..- N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
City PueDlai Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 0
Centennial. ¦< Seattle & Tacoma.. 5 pm Pier 2
October 4.
phoenix.... Mendocino City.... 1 pm Pier 13
g Rosa San Diego & Way. It am Pier 19
Corona • Humboldt ll:30pPler 9
Bonlta Newport Way Pts. 9 am Pier .19
October 5.
G W. Elder Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
October 6.
Centralla.. Grays Harbor ..... 4 pm Pier 10
S Barbara. Lob Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 2
October T.
Doric •• China & % Japan.... 1 pm|Pler 40
Curacac Mexican Ports 10 am Pier 11
g Portland. Astoria & Portland 1 pm Pier 2
October 8.
Coos Bay..- San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 19
Ventura. . . . Svndey & Way Pts. 2 pm Pier 7
Umatllla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
October O.
G. Lindauer Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
October 1O. .......
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
City Para.. N. .Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
J. Dollar. .. Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am Pier 8
Newburg.. Grays Harbor | 4 pm Pier 10
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. " ' For. I Sails. ¦
Humboldt.... Skagway & Way Ports. Oct. 1
Al-Kl Ekagway & Way Ports. Oct. 1
Jeanie Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Oct. 1
Cottage City. Skagway & Way PorU. Oct. 2
Senator Nome .......... .^. ...:. Oct. 3
Ohio Nome & St. Michael... Oct. ' 3
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. Oct. ti
Bertha VaUlez Sc Way Ports.. Oct. 7
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports. Oct. : .- 8
Oregon Ncme .................. Oct. 10
City Topeka. . Skagway & Way Ports. Oct. . 13
Eanta Ana.... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Oct. • 16
MAJOR DELMAR
GOES FAST MILE
- - CINCINNATI, Sept. SO.— Major" Delraar
• was driven ¦ by Alta. McDonald against the
world's, trotting record -of. 2:00 at Oakley
Park r to-day and completed the milo in
2:00^4, which, is Hid fourth mile this season
better -than: 2:01- and the fastest mile ever
trotted in Ohio. The: track was In grand
shape, ; but there was a stiff breeze blow-
Ing ud the stretch.'
¦ Ttte first eighth .was passed In :15«. but
Delmar shifted from the ' trot to the pace.
McDonald pulled him up and came back.
The next : time he •. came down he was
going steadily,'. but seemingly not so fast-
He, drew in" closer to the rail as they
rounded the' first turn, but the track was
deeper .there "and McDonald pulled out a
yard or *so. by" the time they got. to the
quarter in :fflHi. Along the back stretch
the game little" gelding struck "a most
; p«rfect stride - and he ; fairly flew. He
made -th«? half in .:59%.: Around the far
turn. he came wlth;a swing that set the
great crowd- cheering lustMy. • As regu
larly, as jsi: piece of machinery he strode
past the three-quarters in 1:29?4. The lun
ner in front .tired so perceptibly about
200 yards J from -. the wire that McDonald
was forced • to : pull out from -behind the
shield for fear, of a spill. Under, the wire
hveame as strong as he went away and
was striding with astonishing ease. The
time,. 2:00}i, was received with • a great
demonstration. : Summary:
" ! .The Horse "Review, ; purse $1000. for 3-year
old pacers, three in five— Mlas Daphne Direct
'-. J .' ¦;-.'. • m ," —~ . '¦•.'•
• waiiaiv for Sa'n -Franciscot .•Sep>.20^!SJinr.C10r
of'Washington, "fq^ -Colon*.; . * .*.. '•;;. •;••. :-.
• •>. •.'¦: ¦'/. FOREIGN- PORTS". * '. "•• •
• 'BUNGENESS-^Ra'ssed'' .Sep't. ..2,4-Kler. .ship
.E'mUie. from. Antwerp, for ;'
:• FA,LMa«. 1TH-Arrlyed- Sept* 24-Br •»••>»=";•.
¦do?a? froiji^Tocpptlla,' And. ordesed .to Ha-w-.
.• bUH^iMBTjRG-^To .skli •Oct"'l0h! rGet: stmr .Merp.;
•phis,*-for San. FYanciscJ). . Vrt'L-io" nV.tmr
• RIVE.R- PI.ATTE—Arrived s>ept-.X5-rBr stmr
'j?S^SSS£SSSS^Si 20l Br In',
«tmr- In-'.
NANAIMO—Arrived-. Stpt . 29-Ger . stmr
V'N^WCASTLE^AlVsanea *Sept. 30-Schr
Sept,20-.Stmr Em
pt>£ ot China, from Vancouver *via.Yokoha
ma. Kobe. Nasasakl and hhangha*l. .. .. #> v
» '• OCEAN STEAMERS. ".
LIVERPOOL-"Arrived Sept 30^-Stmr. Ocean-.
'Stalled S Nepr SO^simr'-Bpl^eofand:. for Vhila
defphia? vta P Queen.town; .sfm f KenBlngton.; for
Montreal; stmr MaJesUc. tot New lork. \ia
c e H nERBOURG-Arriv"d Sept 30-Stmr Graf
Wa"irrsee"frorn New York..vla-PUrmouth. for
SESurf •beutscfiland.Jfrom'
Bremen and Southampton." for-New York. ..
r^^^rf 3fe .via PtPly°m7ufn- r
"TStl^eSt^StmT. SaXonla..irom Boston.
- b'i e NTTER N p e- Sa,^" Rhyn-
Sept 30-,Stmr Kron
nrinz WllhSlm, from Bremen, Southampton and
Cherbourg; nmr Perugia, from Naples etc:
stmr^Jngolian. from Glasgow; Patricia.
fr Sa 1 lled al Se b p U t r830l t Stmr St Louis, 'for;'SouU.-"
ampton: Btmr"Noordam. for Rotterdam; stmr
Teutonic, for Liverpool;, stmr Maine,. for Bal
timore. • » • ' '..^ ' ' ' » ' '
Grain "Receipts in Tacoma Are Light.
TACOMA. Sept. 30°.— The totai, grain; re
ceipts in ; Tacoma for September v'vwere
1200 cars, as against 2024 cars in: Septem
ber last year. A. corresponding- decrease
is' noted at;all grain shipping.ports.and
is attributed to the \ lateness; of: the 'sea
son, a ; disposition" "to ':¦ hold-/.'for Y higher
prices and also.to the lighter crop.". , - t
To beat the world's trotting record of 2:0O.
Major Delmar. b. g. by Delmar <A. McDonald),
lost. Time. 2:0OV«- Time by quarters: :30*».
:S8%;:i:29%. 2:0O^4- >
2:10 pace, purse $1000, two in three — F<wy
Curd won two straight heats In 2:09 2:07.
Lizzie H, Mary Anna, Star Pugh. O W*D and
Joe Interest also started.
2:15 pace, purse $1000, two in three — John
M won two straight heats in 2:0!). 2:10^. Ha
zel Banks. On Time. Queen of Spades. Cre
rtette, Tess.- Colonel Tyler. Star Onward and
Tuylcr H also started.
2:14 trot, three in five, purse $200X) — George
Muscovite won second, third and fourth heats
in 2:10. 2:lHi. 2:12V4- Jay McGregor won
first heat in 2:12. Norrie, John Me and Miss
Jeannette also started.
won three straight heats in 2:ll^i. 2:18. 2:13.
Eliza Dcuglas and Tomango also started.
2:<X> trot, purse *120O. two in three — Feme
won two straight heats in 2:CS and 2:0«i*.
Susie J. Charlie Herr, Rhythmic. Prince of
Orange and Dan T also started. • '
Movements of Steamers.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. U. S. N.. Mer-"
chants Exchange. San • Franc.lsCo, Cal-..
September !W, 1U03. . • . .
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon . to-day,
1 e at noon of the 120th meridian, or at. 8
p. m. Greenwich time. - c BURNErrr; •
Lieutenant. U. S. N., in charge, i
Time Ball.
y. '. ; * i. -\ Sxin,:Moon ' and-.Tide.'. *.';'. : -.. •':
•-.-.. VENTURA— Sailfdj Sept. 30^-Stmf TV-h'ltllerv
¦wltn.bktn- iFulle.i-ton'.and b.arge 'Santa. PatiK
In- tO5»:- for" San Francisco*. ':•:-',«¦ .•'••."•.•• ..<'
. REDONDfc^AcrJved . S"ej5f.-;'3O-^Sfmf- Sbuth
Cpast;v'hehco,;Sept.'-28/. 1 .'.-,-.- : '•"-•¦ •' ••'•'•.- .j ' ;•'
„ "Sal-led.-- .Sept- SO—BHt.ri.. Geo ¦-C.'.'Pe'rkrn's.,. .'for"
I Grays -jHaF»>pr: ..'-•.• V '•" '¦''-'¦¦', ¦.' •¦• .'•
• PORT LOS. ANGELES— Arrived Sept'-29^
j.Stnv Dtspatr.fi. • 'from A'stP,rja. •': " ' -•• . »
• Sailed Ee.pt 30 — SCimr Alcatraz; for'San'-Fran
,clsco. _V .•'•;•' ".•'¦.".,' -. •• -.:•*• ' ..'
1 SEATreJE-^-Arrlved 'Sept 30— Stfnrs"* .Hum
bold/. B and* Cottage .City, from Skagway.* Sepf
29 — Stmr James Dollar', hence • Sept " iO'; --Bi-.
stmr-«Nlnff %'how,«fVorn YpKoh^ma:
Sailed Sept 2»— SVnr City of To'peka,- for
Skagway. • * • . .1
" TATOO8II— Passed tiut Sepf 30-^Bktn J M
. Grlfflths, for San Francisco; Br ship Dovenby,
from Olympiad for Chile. •
Passed in Sept 30— Stmr Queen, b'enc« Sept
28. for Victoria. ' . « * . •
SAX PEDRO— Arrived Sept ?*">— Strnr- F.ul
ton. from Union Landing ; stn.: Navarro. from
• Eureka. - . . .. •
Sailed Sept*30— Stmrs Robert Dollar and A*l
cazar, for San Francisco; bark Haydn' Brown
and schr-Mary Dodge, for Eureka; bktn'North
west,' for Everett; schr* Lottie Bennfttt, for.
Port Townsend.
PORT HADLOCK— Arrived Sept 30— Br ship
Crown of England, hence Sept 7. .
REDONDO— Sailed ' Sept 30— "Stmr • Santa
Monii-a. for San Francisco. ¦ ; • - .
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed out Sept 30—
Bark Palrjiyra, from' Port Gamble, for San
Francisco; Ger.bark. Nomia, .from Tacomal for
United Kingdom. .-- ._ . • . ¦
Passed " ln_Sept ; 30 — Schr . Resolute. '
PORT BLATtELEY— Sailed Sept 30— Fr bark
Pierre Antonlne, for Port Pirie. . -.,-
ABERDEEN — Arrived Sept 30— Stmr Cheha
'lis." "hence • Sent '27. • ' . * '- . %,
TACOM A— Sailed Sept 30-rGer bark Nomja.
for . -. . • • < • ¦
- Arrived Sept -30 — Stmr San Ma'teo.- hence
Sept26. ."'¦¦- *-¦¦¦'- . .-
P.ORT ' GAMBLE— Arrived ' Sept ' 30— Bktn
Skagit. hence > Sept 12: bktn Amazon, from
Port Townsend. * - .• * . *
. Sailed Sept 30— Bark Palmyra," for San Fran-*
Cisco. . • - ¦, . • . '
J FORT BRAGG — Sailed Sept. 30— Stmr Point
Arena,"- for San Francisco. -
-PORT HARFORD — Arrived Sept '30 — Stmr
Robert Dollar, from San "Pedro." , _.
. EUREKA— Sailed Sept ' 30— Stmr San Pedro,
for San Francisco.; • -- -
Arrived \ Sept 30 — Schr ' Lottie * Carson, from
OuaymaB. ; •• . .' ¦
- , AS1XJRI A— Arrived Sept* 30— -Stmr " Prentias,
from Coos .Bay. •;¦' ' ' • • ¦ ¦ •-*
- Sailed Sept ; 30— Stmr Qeo W Elder, for Sah
FranciFco."; . ' ' . ¦ • - . •
, MARSHFIELD— Sailed , Sept 30— Schr* West
ern Home, for. San Francisco, . '
.EASTERN PORT.
NEW -YORK— Sailed Sept' 30— StmriHa-
' St,mr •Brobklyn I .W'alvig f *SIendocfho.
:•/ Fr b^rlf Marguepjt.e K -Molinos,-. 'JFTcheux,
Queeiistown. . • •.., . ''¦¦•.% •..'*• ',•",:• ,.• "^ *•'.
. .ScJir ;N;orth>-Bcnd-!. Jackson, .Cobs'' Pay, -.' -.-• *
. -,-S;chr..-Al£rjf C," Camiiliellir-BedSga/ : '•'.¦'•.• V~-.
.'. ' '¦ .*"•; . • SPOKEN. : I V. .,V" : * ! '-
• '.Jjily 22,Vlat 2. N- Rip; 29 XX; 'Br-'shiplway-'
'farer. from AntV.erp, for.' San F-r'anclsco^* v*Si
, ' Sept M. lat-32S.-lbii.17 W; Qer bark. Birnxa,
from Hamburg, -for -San :DIegQ. ' • '....'
,., Sept 5,-1at lp N,:-loaS:r ;JV;- Br "ship' Sir
..Robert Fernie-- 'from. Ba'rry, •for' .SarK Jfj-'an
cisco: •• ••;•••• ;-;*\*.s', ?••'., •- . '-. :'¦¦ *
"Sept S;:.lat«;-K. <on..-50-W,".Ge^ barg-- Selene, •
•from Por.t.'PirJe,'fo.r.,HambyriB. ¦ u. * .¦¦' . -
'" .Per;Fr ship .S'ocpa— Ke^t": 13. .l'at'2O 49' NJ
loh 135 30 ;\V,-. Fr bark« Montcalrh; 'from
.seji,' for- Portlana.v •• ,' ••".?. 'J.- •"',-. •-. ¦
; ¦;¦>••>.;. • •.-.teleg-rap.hic, "• : .?-.>' [-..:'¦'
'•'. POINT --LOBb.Sj. Sep.t'30, .10 p; m-t-WeatheT
;.,cloudy; wlnd^W/ velocity 12 miles, per.. hou*. '.
I-.--'.-;.?-'. • .• pOM-E.STIC 'PORTS.- "'• i'" ':.-.-'.
. : ¦) : ¦ ¦* <:; ¦¦ ¦ ' -».S
The French shb Socoa. wbich rnadt port pn
Tuesday, • was chartered prior to ' arrival for
wheat to Europe at 21s 3d. • •' ¦ , ¦ :--•', -
The schooner Borcalls is chartered for lumber
from Grays Harbor to Melbourne -trt. 3Sa Od. •
¦¦ - ¦ 1 #,1 — : — '.-s- \
NEWS OF • THE . : OCEAN.;
Nonaa Wins Suit.
The British ship Ncrma. which «r«* libeled
for $40,000 by J. and A. Brown A Co., has
won the cult. The Konna on her vcyate to
this port cane nearly belnt wrecked off Xew
ca*tle that U she waa In danger of going
Into the breakers, when the Brown tugs came
to her EssisUtace and pulled her ' Into deep
water. They eued the owners of the bo»i for
the cum mentioned and since the arrival here
cf the Korma news has been received that the
verdict wa* in her favor.
The Harbor Commissioners hell theJr regu
lar weekly m**tinff yesterday. The pay roll
for the month of SepJember, amounting to
*25.273 00, wr.s audited. A communication
I rom " DouraJ Hawkes, the commissioner of
docks end wharves of New York, was read.
He wanted drawings of San Francisco's docks
end plans of her ferry-boats sent to him and
the chief engineer was instructed to comply
with his request.
Harbor Commissioners Meet.
A. T. Ovenshine, T. M. Anderson Jr., Henry
Taeo (.surgeon). Kirst Lieutenants U. J. T111
mann. C. E. Babcook, CJ. H. Knox, G. W.
Stuart, IV. M. Cnupie, G. I. Feetejp, K. Knud
eon. E. XV. Terry. AV. O. Smith, F. L. David
fon. F. W. Mills Jr., F. L. K. Tetamore (con
tract surseon). Second Lieutenants X. Ander
fcon. W. Korst, \V. H. Kendrtek, J. A. Brock
inan. \V. F. C. f'amphell. V. H. Denny. E. II.
1 'farce. L. A. C. S. B»iidel A.
Gilmore. J. F. Franklin. F. B.< Alltrdice; Mrs
J. F. Made, wife of General Wade.' cemmand
ing the dlvisloa of .the Philippines: Mrs. F.
Moore and dauchter; Mrs. Georffe R. Smith,
wife of Major «. U. Smith. !«!>• department;
Mrs. Peter Murray, Mrs. J. L* Baker Mrs.
CharUs AV. Fcnton. Mr?. M. T. I'atten. Mrt<.
K. D. Rockanbach, Mrs. R. S. Hooker, Mrs. A.
C Ducat a-nd^tvvo dauchter*. Mir' \V K
Wright, Mrs. C. P. F*rr.«wortb Mrs. C tJ
?"rench, Mre. W. S. McBroom,' 1'rs o 1
Ffftffr. Mrt. \V. R. Kandrick, Mr». j. a Pot
»<-r, Mrs. II. Pace. Colonel John L. Oetn
wife, sister and tnaid Major John V \vm« J
Mrs. J. V. White. Mrs. J. V. Wilkinyon. '
Captain J. F. Wilkinson. Fourth Infantry:
Captain H. L. Pettu», quartenna?trr; Mr*'
Famuel G. Jones. Cai.taln S., G. j. t.. ¦.•'
Kle%-enth Cavalr>-; Lieutenant S. K. Hayt",
Philippine scout: Second Lieutenant* Charles
Telfrrd. Twelfth Cavalry: Levi G. Krcwn
Twelfth Cavalry; O. C. Aleshire. Twelfth Cav
alry: E. P. Lauracn. Eleventh Cavalry: Georce
A. Lynde. Seventeenth Infantry: Ham M
Parker. Twenty-ninth Infantry; It. if. Lyonl
Eleventh Infantry: F. H. Farnum. Eleventh
Infantry: U! E. Gray, Twenty-ninth Infantry;
}Clrld Hunt, Twenty-^iehth Infantry; B. F.
Mcfnellan, Twenty-eighth Infantry; C. B.
Hodpeg, Thirtieth Infantry; J. \V. Kwuest'
Thirtieth Infantry; Max B. Garb«»e. Eleventh
Infantry; C. M. Butler. V^eventh Infantry; G
n. Guild. Thirtieth Infantry, and A. is. How
ard, Thirtieth Infantry.
Tlie United States transport Shern^.n will
tall at roon to-day with the Seventh Infantry
end three companies of ens^neers. Her pas
•enger llrt includes Ca.iitam Harrj' "Taylor,
Captain Joseph E. Kuhn, First Lieutenants F.
C Boggs, T. II. Jackson and F. A- l*Ope. Sec
ond Lioutev-ants \V. L. Guthrie, R. It. Kaiston,
2* V. Frazicr, J. F. Bell, Douglas MacArthur,
C. T. Leeds, H. C. Fiske. M. C. Tyler. U. S.
Grant, J. L. Schley, W. H. Rose, F. Wiliiams.
R. C. Mo-5re ind L. M. Adaxr.s. Oftlcers cf
the Seventh Inf antrj' : Lieutenant Colonel C.
A. Booth, Major E. E. Ilarain, Major A. C.
I>ucat. Major VV, K. WriKht. Chaplain J. A.
Potter, Caj>tains D. L. Howell, G. W. ilclver,
J. A. Perm, J. A. Goodin. C. S. Farnsworth,
J. fc? Grisari. C. G. 1'rencfl, XV. S. Mcbrown
and L. H. Bafh.
Sherman Will Sail To-Day.
Admiral Glaas raised liis: flag" yeJjeriJa^ rsirn
ing on the cruiser Marb'iehead.- " w The act-wars
attended wtth the formal" .ceremgijieg-. u'aual
on such occasions: ". /]¦•,., ¦;'. .*-."-.• ' •' .^- ." #
Marbieb-ead Is FlagsHfp...;' [
Reinsurance .Listl
Th? chances 'i-n the- reinsurance '.ot the. cr-er
dues yesteriiay,' weri; -the raise' fcf Hhe ' rate, of
the British. Ship Carollafrc,fn..V0 -to l-?,r*r cent
and the raise on.the.Br{t.lsh;.st\amcr •T-insbury.
from SO. to CO per ctnW.'s-'. "J *¦» . "•" .*•,'. " • ':
popular' Captain : Marries.
,; -Captain'- John. Ou$£-'o&Cfce tux T : ;eliance ;ahd
M!ss C;. EncdHsU Vere r/nWrfied fn'- : Sith .V-rg.h
rlsco ;.oii;..th? 'CCth;' i/lf.\> v -They . re'ur-n'etV 'Tr.qrii
their ¦¦.honeyrnoion! rr© -.Vaj.liiqrit.erey..
niiornlns • and the*; r'ant'ain;Fpen£ .tH.^; ; a'f ternoS.n
on : .th« /water- ..froni"'.^^^^^-.- congrratul-at ."•.!; 4
troat-Ws i ¦friend*! ; '.<-.'Vv : .-"''iv'\'. -. •• : '.' V" : ,\"«"t* :
Ycrk direct;*; Sh'e : : carries "QOQ ttiris. .cf ¦ ¦ ffeipSji.
The-. ISVbra^kari:.'- bflo'njjng; -fo-- th"e--sam*r'. J.inp,
yi-ily. pah' ;to"-ae.jr\'fb'r •••'Honolulu - an>l;;'.Kaliulu'l;,
.via.Pi'.St Scund.'.' .'*¦*.•¦.'¦• ' ¦' ',• '"¦¦'•; ¦-¦ : '.. ;-'.' ;
<2E^I^ :S^IP INDtVS^lE^j^
j^rfiS YAR13S;^^iA^^;^^:,:O^feiiOTs^^^:s)^K^
«rorge French. C. B. Uolbrook. Mrs. C. B.
Holfcrook L XV. Pt-arson, G. 1^. Holmes. Mrs.
«;. L. Ho!mw, Mrs. M. II. Mills. Mrs. H. II.
McDonald, Forest Colwell. Doniir.so Martin.
Kdward Boscui, Mrs. K. Bc*qui. Miss I»-u>a
1:. .- i'ji. Fmncisco Cuadrpp. Herlir.do <^ua<lnps,
Francisco Serrsuic, 'William Karlson. Leon
Cho;is and Ley Com.
accompanied by his wile. Colonel l**»"ench of
the Salvation Army was also on the steamer.
Hhe broueht a mixed cargo, in which was
included $2'>0,OO0 In silver from the Oandclana
and lioeario min*^. She was twtnty-three
days in making tlie round trip.
The vessel's cabin jjassenrtrs wore Colonel
The Pacific Coart Steasiship Ccmrany*i
Curacao arrived last eight, forty- five hours
from Er.sena<ia, and eleven days frcm Guay
::.:-.:-- ?he hrcueht nineteen cabin passengers
and a fair carso. Arnonc the Fasst-r-Kcrs was
d B. Holbrcok. muttarf of the Society: for
the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, who Is
THE Pacific Mail Steamship Com
pany's City of Para arrived ;fr.<Mi
Panama yesterday Aracng Vth*
passengers we re several . .of \ " iVt
crew cf the British bark
Eay. ¦which v.-ent ashore at Maratlan-un
der the rocks of Creston ., Island': 'light
house, on September 16. They report.ljial
the vessel was lyin^ firmly imbeddedlA ih
the rocks and that she must eventually
go to pieces. They stated that precedinig
the terrific squall that blew her ashore:
the weather was unusually fine. The wind
was so strcnier that she was virtually.. -lift?
<>d out of the water and landed on '.the
island. The crew was taken away;. ;by
small boats and landed on the other v>s
selB lying at anchor in the harbor \nih*
cut difficulty. !
_The Para'? cabin passengers:: v.'cre:
tJforge T. Tate. Mr*. Goorge T. Ta.te.XV.
G. Wise, Donald Wla*-. Miss l.izyhelloiiih
pa!i. Juan Umana, Juan FiE 1 .-.cr..,lI«;riry
Kunz, Car»tain Hutman and Jose Sbnel
lera. f- : r/:?-.:\~i
Steajmer Curacao Ainves
: r-'-5v:^S
.' .' • \\-ii-\ '•'* ' ' .^RRiVjE.;';:*- 'I-;-'!, M'vvV/
: '^.'.St'eatftjT^.. "',•; ''• .vV".'; Fronfi' ' ' v '¦.:'•' : ; "'! >s lX»eC*j
: -rvi/^crt-ey :;.... •¦.CreVcenCC^y''- 'Vvl-.i .v: '|.O^t,--'-«l"
'.San" Pedrfr/.i .'"^arf ¦ Pedfo'': . .-;'¦:'.¦: iV.--.1bct. "'¦¦''• 1
¦K^rj^Kn" 1 --.- -'= i-ah' DIe<p.;ft-'\V>yr'Pts:|Oct. ; ..:^X
i.t'ol^tArfna.^i.^eiuicclnp&.^t: vCrehafOjct-. '. 1.
: Bon I ta. :-. -- ;'• . :-Nen7tbrt--& Way;P6'rts : IQct. .': 1-
IcRj.-OoHar.'.^.'-j/San P-edro- ..:..;. i. :'.'.,;. \Ott.,\'t
¦\.TY}bpn,xj:.': .~-V'.M'eriaocln<J^:.'l'. .".-. : .v. .-,..|Oc# '•&'.
..jrioforta.l'Vv.V . : :J H-umboldt •„:-.,--• J^i. .-IQct,' '¦»!
:} -ri. r V.\.KWer.'. ; 1. Perflaifd a^Aatortr^IiiOcti^.S.
-j'.K&.nta JlQiilcac:. .Kan Pedro . .'..'.« -•';*'. --.C-iOcti ¦ ••#
1 R.^doiKlo/;:.;. .'J^an j?cdr"o ¦./'.•.•;-:':Vi-: v :|Oef.'"''-''3
J T.-u us i-: : : . •: r . r OxeU r -y a r.bor -. ., •..'.;, A-' 00*. i -::? •
I'S-PortlancLsC, Portia ad -Si "Astoria. 1 ;. : IQct.' *4'i
••.Uri>atilla-. •:-;,': -.-piiRet 'Sound Earti.'&MGctv* •*'''
•V AraV... . :¦.•;¦'.:•.• Haliod&te . .• . :..,". . j . , \{ Oc.t;'- '."'• V :
l-E-ireka-.-.- .-'.•. :.: -Iiiimbdl-dt Vl.'-.U'-'. .vvV-"« -Qct-.- 'i4.j
•.EdKh..;...:.\:V; Seattle .. ( ;i;.; ; :'^:..;.;. : O«'.V 4I
I S-7-n Ma'tet)-.-::V .Tiiroma" ..'..'.?.•.'..'..•... .'lOcf,- «,4~ :
I. Ntvadari. -...:: .Hpriolultt :'. X: .V^".-. .|Oct •• 6'
Statijof Cal.'. Sa'n- Dieeo & ~\VHy-"pti.;pc(. : "' : 5
•! Cpos Bay..;, ..San Pedro -& W'ay.IMs.Jt)«t:^'-5
I N'lppon.Manj:= China' '& Japan %i.:..i .¦TOcUVT. $•
C-zarti-.a ...-..;. e6oa Bay • :\:tOct\- : '- : &. I
M: n.llar.v.,-. Fan -Pedro •.:• V\% Oct. : -« C I
Pomona. ...... Humboldl;'. . :.v~. . . ..'. .'».* Oct. 1 ' V 5
Chehali*.. '..-... «,rays Harbor ....*. .\. \OcU ' U.
|.Cer.tralia...v.J San i'edro- ,. M |O<*t.V.«
.• Arcata : . ; Coos Bay &• P-t^ Orfdrd.,X»ct.- 1\ C
I O..Tjpdauer. . 1 Gi'-ars Hk.rbor >.?....'... .'|Oct . 6
:.V'ewburg !»Grayp. Harbor "..'.•..*•. .*. Oct". * 6
S.IJarbara... -Seatne •& .01ymp^a..X-jQct. 6
J. Dollar. .-..- Seatilp.&.-Tacoma lOct."" *«.
San- -Jose Sew York, via Panama.lOct. . --'7
Colufnbja .... .' Portland ' &• AetotU . . . 'Oct '7
Arizonan N. Y. -via'-Pt. Los AntiOct!' .,'«'
?Queen.-.. :..;..¦ 1 Puuef Sound Por^s..,'JOcf •" 0'
.:%^E.vn>E.-,Pctf/ -SOrHOailand.-' w6n.-- frofn 1
.Rattle .to-dayr because- .of I/ihman'i : poor- w'brk.
ifmrftre.v O/Cq'nnell.dl&.'nof -arrive Uo-day
•an* Si, .Vraln'tiiid";p3hman .ofnclated. Score- *
"• .* • .'''**> i'.-i'C : -V i<: '" • "•• ' '•¦••*R«- "H. '.E.rl
Seatfie ..,..-.'.-.,v.0'0:l 0*"0 1 ,.i 0- .04-3 '•¦"•"».¦• jfl
Oakland -\ :C:". ,/:jQ t> X> 0 Q ' 6.0,0 .O^-.. ;k' ..'5]
Batteries— Barber- and- Efyersi '"'McKaiT arid 1
G.orton. • -Umplroa-iSt. ,- V rain • and Lohman. J * r f
I;-. • •.--. : ':V;'r''' # ''>----'. >v -- ¦•Jt.'~;-H'.vE.
j. Portland Ci-- M ..;-.(» 0 O.O'-O.l Oft 2-V.1 -/ -S '. •>'••
•.Sacrafnch-to. .¦..;r..iS'1.0'l.p ¦• .0,j0 0\2-"{.\ p> 'r
jj..' BatteV-ieW^THlelmarr- Snd '.Sripa;- KeefeV- and
•Gi:aMa f rn.'-'X!naiiire'-^-riev'y:;-.; ; ;".- , %.-,'••."•-. ..";;'/• . t
;-v POR JL^ND'. •S^P.ft oOV^Portland Tv;oh .aclcse,
-.Rape. fr.orn;Sa^ramentoftp-da>f by'.bMnchln&'hr.t*
.-'In' the; ninth.*"-. -Foth -ThlelEnan "an* Keefe*"-ftept"
•hl-ts' w<$]T &iiatteVbtt'iintlI .the n^it'h-. 1 ishen.Kefte
-BAvp four ¦hUs-..lni'succ?F8i.oti;'' .which' lost' .'the>
' game t for ."Sacramtnto.-.'. Score-: '. : '," -'••.<*.-'•.•
¦ • •' l ':-- : ' '-'Pakland.' Team- Wins:! v-^:^,'
• The Brooklyn. )elt-.*rlnge.r.'W^s there all
• -the tlm£? ° He. Saa'.ev'ery thing' that makes
a:pitglier, : s*ave-conifoCv* 3e -was a -trifle
Ahy' there, .but foe; was. fortunate enough
to. issue .his si^' irassea- '.they ,dld, not
cpujit mGch. Thre.;si3£ hrtsl-'made off his
. offerings- were' well_- scattered .and 'Ijiit for
a faw.'Jucky pfres* tlie n^,ti v . els .never wot\,ld
'score* £j.»fiiri. V .: ' : I- ¦.•'¦. /¦'•¦' •/ .••>.'** .'• *
;Meariwhile : . •.t.hjS i /Angei;ts^'cker.s" / ! : wore
'lanxling;..freqlieKtly^' .Everyi- man ' ijn the ¦
' •team' - *seeme4 .t«f n.aye';hlsVJ.amps*; > focused.
'sboui. "•ri^M".t.;fof • jiniipy. ' ; !whalen's. .deliv'7
' efj%. and? r rnan'y"."4 bingle. Vaj.
- ;rn.ad&' yff--J,a.nies"at.£u"tlm'e.'when'if.di > d'the*
' m"ps£ gqbQ-,'jfrhjer .assTauf^. began In the' pec,"
'. orfd • ip'nlpg-jeih^' »WaS^kepl. jup? |hrou&"ho'ut.
;¦ garf'e." ".'".¦'. ...•„..! ¦/.">; .~ u "-.-;';'W'ly ¦%'".'• : ~- ¦':-.
, '.|.. : R'oss ; .\v*a'^;.the nrati."wivo N ..stai;t-ed th'e;-wal-..
.| i9p"mjp^.'He-*barige&,"t"h>. fia^'j tft':thie;-sccix-e;*
for^.riqtlieK- jitmny •tPo'man'jan^ed fpj qnfe
•. ju.st ,Hke ; R l ';a.iTd /Ross^cbiJtea^iiT. *'. Hank*
• •SpleSiV.;n'qt('.tp:'BQij"put.do^e:'wlth ;^^^
', store' bit •.bne"tKaf"wa»;a 'real thx^e^bagger.,^
.This 'ichased .^omah : to; ".the-*, llpe:- L;:0» • • .'— 1
Si No.r';'dj<J- it 'grid-'m/thk't .inning. •' AUtaiortg" i
the*:.nJTe;-Jh"e-.Angers -seemed-. tp ;*be laying'-.}
• • for" Jiriiniy ¦&'n'd?Ms.t;urvfes;«nd i .t'h.e : v'. neyer:i
jfor X «ibm € e.iif*lt>sf."an epportuntfy-td.la.ntK
' o*n o'rfe' that- .l.opU«d 1 .gd6d.;:>THey:.;'.scQre^
• tw,o ;mt>re during! tlie fpuftVandJvht-'tile
• _elg;hth>'wqund up^-khe' -battre;b'y;?makihg-.
4ttiree-,lh' t -a.row'n..*.*5 •"•*: %¦•: .¦.••/ : v"'- "" >.-','.< '¦'•' *' ~* •
: &PanHyVSfiay; wa.r v baek'\tn: ; tii*|:. : h:axness- %
• r : .af ter : a' ' 'tip, .^P"ppars '..tip ; be. I
./Wfiiyaga'ln-^d'JGan^Virig 'em Qyer" to fl.rst |
as ."ia-sy. as^fnvddysib'f '.ydrf . V yhGle I "ftari*k"
j "has'Sigftejr-Aytnnle Cutj^r.r.prnie'iHy.'wlth'
r'^Mke-.-.i'Fls^er^^j.As-Uricle" v'.nefedsY pHfehers,".
..CuJte^'-..«-lirp};p"Babl-y-tfe'put' : tp ; work in/a'
•hurryV^T;he-.sc^'e>j.;..^ •¦..!• • >v''vv <••' "¦
' : J5ar£-FpaftcisVb-i"' ••'/ J|-|V- 'iios"knseil»^*:.' '¦¦:/'
¦ ¦: '¦• \:-.Ab;- -R-H-. •P.'A.h.'-v.-::/.- gXB&GfaJ&jL}
¦^ .Bh«ly,s:^2^r;^.Vl-,.6! : Ho^^. v 5.V 0-W "I.- '0.
• .Mcany/rf.a^- 0 .0 •'•v2".-'Q.-\yheJ«,2b'.-5 i'0>0.- 3' "2
. Irwi;ri;-3b;";3-.'.(Qr 4..: 1 ..,1 SmttH.^-'S.-'V.*.-. *i 1
<; n»y nchUf • -V :j " : 1- .. :>'. „ O jilDon. 1 b..-^' l"l ;>"f». •. i
-Krll^cf. /¦*-. .0:V.'-' i ,;0-.6 : "CrAvth.-ff V-i:-.: 1 ! ¦ .1;. 0 j
¦Zwfosscc-vt • 0' ,'Oi -'.T : 2 -RoFs^lf; ,- 4','S v '2- ; • 0\ 0 !
• -J?pbs&-ltl.--4 -,0,; i-.15^rT6man,i.- "4 i! .3'V4" ; J-'
. ;J=>elhi^b. 3;:»;'l.^..;:4;.Kpi J j^-:, i :;4ii:i2.v8v;-5:
M"'^; ...6 27'|6^^;f &|aJs'^ ¦¦7"kji7' l 4C i
¦ ••. : Ba^et.^jt8-:.- 1 ' : :.:::.;\I:.,-3.- fl?.2< 0-^1; 0^ 4^,O^-1K
/S3h .-.BiParVc:l8cf>../.^0--,0-; 1- ' O'i-.e-.-i ¦¦= 0 •" 6S S*4: :« ¦
¦¦ : '."-Ba.8e.: : hlt : s' »>;» .\;<J; •"/<)¦;.' is.- : 'tt"* ?.*: :0.1-'0 -^O^^.;
; ijy-;''.:^:':;,
' r iSto'fen^bajs^i^rTpfean'v" (iSJi "^aljsf. : -JErVore-^."
.Sha"j^'(2)V • Wfieelefr-.iSjnitfi;.' l.Thhiee-iaseshft^.'
• •SpIes.-;-.rTwo;-b.W. . hlts^Ross, iJ5TDhjab,':irU-Jn.
.iSliles^.Nfrwtan.-J-Kfufe.' 'tiyrich.;~ First- bhsV'^ok:!
•base- *}nYcal!e.d::.bailWj^afr : Whalert.,1-; ::'afr .S ? *" !
¦ ¦.yon.y.iy.'TJjp.tifibri;' -bases>£Sa.n-- ;Frahct»co fl.- *-.L&<v' :
". A?iKrtea'.:f. ; "Struck- --.bu J^^-"By .*'. AWi*lehi..:2 : ~, b>* ,
: •Ne.wt-qn^. V.^i-Dbutfe •Pla.ys^WhjfpleS- t6i;Tfltna.a .
. • tp.-'Dll.lort.; vWhaleri-4?'- nel'mas' to'. •Pd'bs.t."*? 1 liftc j
• .Of ftarrhe^One^h.ourVanrl -"forty mlflute's. •¦•*U«i..'
j ..filre^tMcDqftald.' f ;/ .: '.^ ; •...' .:c- . .k ;*•• .f. ; .-;>•.'
;: < ;lohman\ a.:- poob-sTt»jpibe:..
'^Evejj'.before- .the gapae'^ at Recreation
"Park "s'tarted . Yesterday. .'the wise.- ones
Vere "put V»rlth".-Oie..;tip that ttie Angels'
'would* p jt* «*yay*. .TJlth "a .victory. " "This
.*DofcNewtfl'n v l9blis'go6d'r> was ; .whJat they
.s/ia.-.V'His jylkg; is "working right and he
• Was. a* buriph-tff spifcd-."!: it alil.tame .true,
for wh^ir the-' hativeg faced the massive
Squthpav .th'c^« 'Th'ey never
seemed ;*to' recQVer f f drii- that teeling. -The :
score. Was T..tpt 2. t at -the finish. "" . '
¦/. -•• •-.*:. "VV. L.Pct. ;".." ' W. L,.'Pct.
Ixis.Arigeles-.'lOl 59 \<&1 Portland ... 71 84 .-J5S
San Frari:.;"00 70 .533 Ojiland ... 75 9i .-i3b
Sacramento.^ 8*.8g.'.Jil2 Seattle" , t57 : 89 -}* 0
'."• >• >S.fANDINp.*OF THE CLrUBS.
'AngelsTakeMany'tong Wal
:; v.lopV.£Lt : jJ.im"my : Wb^len's. '
Big- Southpaw Has^ the
.-. Natives QoiDg AH
:' ' : \>. • -thq ' Tiin^; r >\: •
United States Transport Sherm'arf Wm 'Saii.at:Noon'.To-bay;for
the Philippines With* a/Heavy passenger"' List; Including tt§
Seventh Infantry and a } Large ' -Nuniber- of /Engin'eer '[ Office^
CREW OF WRECKED BARK WEMYSS BAY
ARRIVES IN PORT ON CITY OF PARA
NEWTON'S CURVES
HARD TO LOCATE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAIil,, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 1, 1903.
12
I fiV © Al*i" ill 1
r*C.'fe.-: ; -> ; '^' : ' : " '"/' f V'"*-iT:His."*^ctur^sh^o^ sute,-" iti .-:i;- "" Z" : "¦ : J * ¦"?¦. H
. : ;*.v'.",S ••;.•' .:f-v : - "^ccp^JtS::^ .It.Js'a."repr&--- • -¦¦•:••* - ¦ i|
¦'¦*V'i : . ¦ >-• i;;fl%^rf-^f/^.:jSnjBEi^S4r bi'l".,toa'irrtinfe". ; bV;.Sriin^ " .:,; : ;- : .".". ."^ H
'•&%&?**&£?£.? i $osVer-p$n$hoiY&$pifa ••-• : •' •=- i " "'¦¦'¦?¦:' H
Sf^^ .'^^• i^^fe^fe:^f# ; .•¦•"'.¦••'•:'• •'•¦/•.* ' ' '"'. I
5'; -'Sf£i : zs .'•** ;'* '¦-?:"': . r^5*, i^rap^Mor(el^ari:?>\''a>.;.b6m fey. 'many"' " : ; •"-'.>:.:! / I
".*' \ '".fl-tlic . a "'viDgfpaintej flpwers. s Hjs.rfather "wfa's a .; painter "of"; artistic. -. ¦ - : # - • : R
v'i::V- : v-^'-VV-ti y* :^^ic^xvYtf^^^£^S0^^^^^p^^^^^i e^uba.tiQn-.oi/hls.chiTdten in tHe ¦ 'Y -.' ] ¦' '. ''¦: . H
: V; : '^; v- :.ii=%^ ; Y ..^ji£fi£:%^ .-,"•:•."*¦ « M
':0*.?Kh'. '¦¦'¦&£¦ ; ;]d'rV:evcaj:s^ •:,' *,'¦¦'¦:'/.: :¦.'"."¦ [1
; rv^v;.",.-^ *•./. r. :¦ ;li ttlfeyKri.riir: mSif:c^tHSn*::tbi draw -. crufde yfcitjm^ •.".*"*•..-¦¦¦ [J
.iV.'.'-^v" :'? in^uHti^r\apti'tivd^n.Q^ the "'-carlv.-ieer of- it : - *fjjv •" . f I
¦.':'•'••..;..'.. .;.-.>".--;-V. : "' ; >ri'e>^G«t-^%he"acidem^ age." . .**".• /Y H
•,:..•"".:»••;'. • " ? y. ••-¦•"¦ i) (?f :\6 : :\i6''^ent-'-s^T^.p'-'ioh^\^^ni^\saLl.da '-it-."GcJ'ud:. Ariotner*. exhibited jh..' ;• •".:- ";•¦'. U
• V '•».-/'':• Y;:.!;.' ', ' ?L^'dorf^.so^ffo'rV: picture "pur*. ..,V.. . Q
-:•>¦'¦.••../*¦•-¦••=.•-••:•¦.'• •¦;chas : eci: " r - i el | i^t"5K%-'S^3bi*=^t^*J9^^—^'•¦^^^^'^^^^^ *^'r^Ja^. a *T*^3^-fe^^*^j€«K5S»*^»"fc-=f^^«cl&^rT»^i^~ 3£**^%lx^j . .' '..' . ft
.' •>?•• -: : :^V:i;>;*' ;-*5nstH'it"~$pp?HcUf.;-*--tp*<*j8WT^ ¦.expo^ti'dn 1 of-'Ghcnt and'*re-j "v£ fcj
'. "'-"•':> - :^* .. ; C.-V> .'VeVved^vefnmefttar .reward: .•'••In/i^-.-thg'/'s^m-eJ .'.jyas-'sTahtied Mm-*'at. "; t
J ; -; v *^.;: .%:•.••:'!?;• • RruWel"s:"" l lfjsV.studj.o ; .M&tiow:-ih\^jntwe^ "dejrnand-. ': H
;/¦• • I"; v.' '••.',¦¦•- .rCthr-oagtaiSJi^'ftor^ -Belgium.' -recently; ptj'rckased • -I
•¦;,.:."";:' \'.": ; 'x :\^\- 'i'^^^.^»Tpie\mimi^y^^Jli^^f'^ iqf .sport ap^-heris frequently. .se^riiin the. f
'-V '.V ••'¦{' i •• 5 ?/"-:•: r '.cptthtri*. '{allowed by- ; t\yo"dpps;.' giving -'free, rein .ta;His,.c.vcr:WorkinK': l *rri'aKina-" |
THEY ? ARE FRAMING THE CALL ART SUPPLEMENTS 1 1
- "-•¦':¦¦';.' J -ih» fdiiowjng <rl D.e.alers.fte Makinj a Speclaltjf- oi fjamlng Call Art Supplements: I §
M-. .Wyckoff....... ..- " _ • . -i ".r T :^ =. v r aph avenue: A. A.. Barfdw.* 369 Ho "* t °" Furniture Company. i
rS'Atf JOSE--"George Denue,M..Len- streeC" ' -,•". ... * : . "- . . ??D\V°OD CITY— vS. lT Kline.
"si?CKTON-Morris*-'*Bfb S / Ma^os. - 1«S . B^l^Y^^f^^^;• on Page Fifteen.
REAL ESTATE THANSACTIONa
Alameda County.
'. Oeorse *J1. and Nancy E. Le« to Sarah E.
T\a>nes_ lets '4tt to 4'-V map Rosa Lee Tract.
•Brooklyn To.wnshlp-.-f 10.- ¦-. •
• F. "A.."aud Amelia P. Hunter to W. S.
jiitpheH," lot: on -W line of St. Charles street.
2*5 -S of .Railroad -avenue. S 50 by W 17.'":2.
let ">«. 'map Enctrial Park Tract, Alameda; $10.
• "w.illiam Edwards Bank* to Eu»eno L. and
Kittie/Du'n'gan: .lot on S line of Buena TMa
avenu'e. "1(^> W of Sherman street. W 25 by
S 400. lot 4'. block- F, Taylor and Page Tract.
AlstmeJa ;• «10: - ' • •
:.-Van>«s. M.-.and Egbert I>, Haven. Julia If.
O'.flss'ett (wife). Jiames and Emma II. Warren
•i wi fe • ef - J." E.) to' Albert Johnson, lot on S
Ifne of Railroad avenue. 1:50 W of Union street.
W 10 -by & 12:>:S 'Alameda; $4CO.
".Mary K. W;>od jingle) to Bert M. and Capi
tnla' Reldsma • lot on NE corner of Pacific ave
nue, ami Wood street. E 33:4 by N 100. Ala
' Vifgirila'R. and William J. Dlngen fhusband
tii\(T attorney) to- William II. Friend, r*
"record 8»4 t>. 2;i4. S line of Thirty-sixth street.
15«S E of* Market. E 55:.i by S 120:3. block M.
rropeuy of Central- La •;•! .Cohipany. Oakland.
$10. .-" "- . - .
. "Emefine» D*.' a'n<.l L»..,W. C naskill (husband)
an'-i William H.- and Emetine R. Friend (wife>
to' Ira Vrfnehan. same. OxScland: %\<i.
'.. Williais M. Butters Jr. c(nlnKle> to B. Q.
Cttfge.'lo£ on S'lljie of Santa Fe avenue. .".." 1 . 1 ."•
A\" cf-'Seh Pablo' avenue. W 30 by S 10«.62. lot
Kit 2; 'Wi'.llam. M. Butters Tract. Oak
•land-'flo: .. V '." /." ' - ;> • -
Jjargaret A. .Prhy.tM (wldow> to Emma J. A.
snd-.Fl6.ra'-'i". Smyth (daughters), lot on Pa
corner.^f Hellen, and.' D. streets, E 33 by S 1W
lot-: J '; block -7S*2. Tpap . of » B-street subdivision
of Watts; Tract.. Oakland; gift.
' : *.C"haries.' F.- and-.IJzzle' (Puilck (wife) to Ma
ttlda M. f*w»rt <'wif/» of George H->. lot on N
line** or" Edwanls street. -*800 E of Telegraph
a\.-enue.. E "5O. by N 125. j lot 5. map of Pacific
ThVoloirfcal..Semliyir>' Tract. Oakland; $10.
''¦'Matilda M: er.d-O?orge '• H. Ewart to M.
Rin«hart,"-«a,'ne. OSuland;- *10.
Continental.. Bullying and Loan Association
to '.Joh'A J. - Andersen iot on E line of Kirk
liam-" "stfe«t.- 175 V of Sixteenth. N 23 by B
¦110" tot* «-'"blo"ck "tfH. map of resubdivislon of
blriiks.' ,">H4. 5M* and- C01.- etc.. Oakland; $10.
•I-rarold I« Martin to George M. Shaw, lot
ow E -line' of liVashington "street. 50 N of Thlr-
Venth, ji 50. E 9<>. S 25, E 5. 8 25. W OH.
lots'!!. and 4. and portion 2S. block 19O. Kel
]er»betger'a 'map. Oakland; also easement tn
par,ty-'wall on. and adjoining said- premises on
N.- et?. : also lot on NE corner of Prospect
ayenu? aaid iicC12re street. 258 E of Telegraph
avenue (as said line now exists). E 7« by N
125. lot .10. and AV tt feet. o lot 17, map McClure
A-cademy -Ground?. ' Oakland: also right anrl
Interest vested In Johh Yule et al February
2. 1?!H. In fee to center, line of said McClure
Street' adjoining said lot It!, etc.. Oakland:
also Jot' ot> E. line of Grove street. 35 S of
Sixteenth E 80 by. S 50. portion of block 26H.
and" "also" portion of Tract 28i>. Whitcher's map.
Oakland: also lot on SW corner of Campbelt
t>r Thirtieth and ".Vent s»e«t9 S 112 W 14<».
S 2S .%V 87 1« " N 140. E 227 :'« lots 0 to It,
jand* portion of lot . 8. block \i (2031>. UTilt
cher & Brpckhurst Tract. Oakland; $10.
Louis, and Lot*t,lc H. Titus to Earnest A.
Ilersam. " lot beginning at most S corner lot
27_ thence -along"* boundary lln* of lot 1. NE
ro.."NE »4, SE 113, NE 67 NE .'»7. 8E 44.
SW 1C8:SO; SW 50. NW 91 and NW W> to be
¦gihtfinir,. portion of lof t map University
Heights.. Oakland Township: $10.
Samuel -Jr.. Florence C. and Samuel Breck
to P.. .A Jphnscn. r«-record 918 D. 325. B
.Union" -street '1(5) S of Atlantic avenue. 8 50
by E 108 lots 21 and 22, block 58. map J*
subdlvrston block RS. and portion of block 31.
Town Ehc<nal; A&aieda: $10.
. Ludwlg and Henrle W. Warnlre to Caroline
D.- E-. Ihn^n wife o f Herman H.. '"t on W
line of 'Verdi street. 275 S of Ba" rc * 1 ' *'' n^
W 50 '• thenre at right angles W 150 N 5a
E 1W>.' Iof30. Enclnal Park Tract. «tc. Alame-
a iohp/avd Christina Tobl«r Iwife) ta Isaac
L. Saxton. lot on S line of Tobler street, 1«»
.im°M'idd!es"bqro.V ttocallj;,- .Iran-" was" nulet'.VNo.'
l".'£pundry. -Xoijtherh. •'is.'siu*ote'd'.at..'Ttl7; No.. 2
. f6uriary..'.'Norlhem. NoV 1 "foundry,"-. South- '
.efn;-:;an'd;. do -soft, f H$Zv. \\ *'. ',?•;.. 'i \ 0 ' ¦*¦. y-'j'.
•;-./ 'EuSt-etipLji'bsJntfe Afarket!';* '•/:
%-'-^l:-- :"-'¦'¦ 'iff"? v ' ''('if' ':• • r ' r> .' :.-.v" ' .'**
!-.;".c'H'jeV{0i6;" > " . Sept..! " 30^.^C?ATT"fjE^'Re''eJ'pi ? ;.-
IS.rm,- incldd'i'n'g '4G0J>VSvestetn;.. market .."stronor..
•¦¦amr.Bfeadj^.-'G.oocl .i'S "pi-lme'-s'efrs. •'.$» 250C;'.
p«>r; ( tcf- 'med'iUjfn'.'i.3- 5.6® .5 > stcscKers" and .f eedew.
$2,2^4.^5:*-coa-8. it 40®4 ¦?,oC : Heff(!is.;/2'25@.
r-sV'cannefs."" 11' '4%^ '.pi ; ); i 'buUsV $2@4''50*-.'carveT!;
*>3 -50<a7- 60i°.TeJ*s :: ; fed; Steers*- . $2 7i@3-75;.
\%"*et:ter?nst%er^$3@4.«<>.-r:;.. -.*•' .;¦ / « ?l .. "
I ' "t*OGS£-F£eceit>ts 't'o-drfy*... 20. : Q00r-.-ito-'morrpwj
20^000.-; stead'y'.to.'lJic tower: 'Mlx*ed .ana'-bjitch- .
•«rsV".$5' CfM9 tf «T0 ; « g.eofl' to.' :<moJce fteayy.. ?5. S0<#.
.•« 15>. t, rpugli . heavy,' .-*5 '.40©5; 75} .' light? .« CCg>.
:t>'4&;':btiHc -pfekales,. f 5: C5@0>. '-¦:.¦ '¦¦¦:¦ A> •' ; :". • •'. '
i.:S.HEEP-i^ReccJptsr.:. : V38,0Ol.>.'- Sheep' '..Btrpng;
'1'anib's isteady to •10<j;high**r. ' .G6od t ;to.-'e>6..ice..
'3*r£tiieHi- $3 3504.25; fair'. to- •-choVcev mixed.
,]F2 •25(qS'2fr:--'Weetcfn:;«'neeK 't2- i^&ii' -native
..1a.mb8..' ?3 \5.Q(g5 '00; I'jy.estArri. lajifts,. >i .'-40^4 : .5O.' ;
x y <^'.:'(^br^m\pusiu^ss: :?;?., r^
.- : l'jRBA*TL'g. /.'^epti '; 3.0v^ciearrn"ps;' ¦¦$6464%
'balances'; >-.- .¦¦.:¦•-¦•:¦ '. " • • "V'-'yV \'
•..PORTLAXp:.'. "SepU 3.0.^-QfearIng!» r v ?589.ft. < r
baranfes. $61,&14:' :-...;-.• :•?; '.-'¦"'. '.•.••••:-..•"••.
.-..•t;V««tf A.". Sept: ."3O.~Clear*ings,>-.$2I9 ; :o2l;
'balances, • *28,20C..-. -.: -. •.*"- *•:..'.. : ¦ ¦.¦.¦••'..¦•*
' • SPOKA-S'E. :Sept.-30.— *Cleatrng?r -;$~420.2t4:;
.bal'ancs^'. $28,76$. •¦¦.•.¦ v;" / •'•¦•v;.V','-: •:"?.• t! *->.;*.
i'j.-.'"'-.."-.:'-..v."' '.'¦: i'.' • Io;reg'6n^ U' %":¦'¦ --vTrV*":^
. . -EpKTLA.S'D. > S«i)f.^ '30^V*S*HfcAT-4W"'aUa-
I .Waila; ' 73«; blue' Etein,r-.77<5;'. valley,: > 7«!@r77r. : f ; - •
' • Tne".Ger.rrjant.b.a'rk' -Nav^'rchrrs. Cleared .V?'d.a-y'-'
¦•T(jr Cork'wiih' 8-X7.C>f-buiiheI.<i:o-f "vheot." *•;*'' ;' ."'
.:-;.::<"''-\\\S-.\-\''M-A-§M!Srtj*W.-., ¦'':¦ .••- 1 -,*...-" Vv •' : 
<• •'•* t-AcdMAV":."'eept; : . firmer..but:
i ; 'inc.banged;: :KJue feterri.-'J'.cictobv^ac^- .-. ' ; -.; : .. -,"'..-
LOCAL MARKETS
i- ; •'" '- . . ¦** *. I '¦ :*¦-'. ' :-*' . ".-*¦ * • ' ."' '-. • ' •¦'. .**•¦ * *¦ iri ' •'-.'¦'¦•V,
1 Sterlijig Exchange: .slxtv' days.;:. ;. -^- r v.4*83 •'•;
'• etert'tag: .Exeban>fe.. • sfght..,,.. : «¦.'•*-.. :*'— ' •' *"-87; '
i-.Kle>llnK .JEicha.rige : .'cables.-.,'. ,; :. . i ,W ; ' 'V4. : 88.';- =
i.NSw. A'orli' Ext"haoge:.'efglj;t. >.;.;. . -i;-; : .Ci-ty.
¦"Is>*-"york -.pxchSr'se;- f^Jfsraphic: .'¦<—: . '•! ¦ ' ifOi.-. '•
! Shlver/..x)et"o^i'n<.-e'. : : :".'i. : -.. ¦,•'..•->.: — -'-V' :' ..r>a>ii.V
j-ije:xicajn-. Ucflters-. • Vv-.i'- ; •"-.- '-^-V. °; :.-^;^..>' 4^i':
j v-;tviii^U.*r*' r -All-''t.heitTieur;k^t-5r: nf;thp/'w/"rid':rVin r ?
L<tinue'?r'f'aMJretfi« s '- /'<".*n'lcpSo.°'was : /a'ther--. flrmVr/'i
plight-' .aBU.°iherjv'.'wflS.-"m"or'<y' dlEp.offlt-i < 6h;:-.tci'*J)u.y.: ••
Ij •.^liJ'Im'ar-kVt ,}uoij'tt.nuf^ " a"ujet,;° wUh-VweakeF;'
1 -fiit'OreV. ¦¦j.'.r'ehry,"' \Vads«i<?I*'l><; receiver^ of/-E^Pr :
iJpiVigeti "&¦• < Jrf,,- sold'- -firer ,the~- account"*!'- the.-.cr.<;a'
;-.itb¥s ijq.74 "sks.i of •.BraJn;-(«Kiefly- Wh^at,
j <he iwsr^hf 1 "*"' at/Crockett; (h«- o WJjeafl{rln'gi*1'g..
L : :V. -T-.r- ••i-c-A"s.fr'" vC^ipxr, ¦'•':•; .vv^, .;:¦:•• H
f .;-aal{f6rnla'-.crub; V-*l; 4f?"j;i.;-4.tV* ) ' 1 > : <2a"!«f*?rnla;
I :W*iita A.us{fa : lia,h';.;$i: 5»«a-l-.(,'0>- Kbrthern.-eTub;';
".'Jl y2*i5?l-i5;.r.".SoVthern" "Blue «f-"em,,. *jl. «2^"
'l- bZ"4-;' OrfcgcfBj.y«Ht > y'. : a J *..r-f7." 1^ per/ .ctiv". •;'•':-¦.•''
'"¦.•'; : *:? ' '.••Sessjnii.' Q" W:,.)J:3"0.oa. ."m..-" .•'..; .". ¦ i.
u ": ¦".•: :% -i: ; ¦ -aoipeffe.":.*.* ''jfUfehX .teyi ." ''.<:ioj«:v
I -.Det-enjiber. .r.f.l; =.'{Ni>; ; " ji-'.3S3f-." Jl,..37.%*. -$.l' M%*'.
|°'. i: -r.-j'-, . •' ? - i i- 2: ¦>'-. -i n <-j" s V," | !>itiri. : •••••.:•"> .-. '•'."¦ ':•'
}i5e.cettttter^$l*57.%,-'.;- -I. . ; '| '/>.. •>-•..• V^ s | ¦•'".\
;. ' BA J RLl5T^»ii A*©' ""niSirkrf ;• .shows •¦.but.'Mirile
.c'hiing.f.;f rortiVbi-eVMini. c'onflifcic/hS; •"¦' T-here •.wa-s-ai
jajfc .»<'. cbbtjte f'f-t;] ; : af.fJtl*"i : ; liut-l-trie' nfaj-'.
Jorft>- 5 -of.-..Ht.'A1.ers.'-i1'?.^' Jiot' .'ciijot* .'¦Gcvfcf' 4R'e-,t«p"
•<l'uota;ion i)^J.6\V.' . .; •»••' .;, . . v ?• . •• .'• " •¦"".;-- •*• : .
.' ."i' '¦'£. :'i-.,','.GAsif., dakLetJ. j . ¦•.'.';.'.'>/¦ ¦"'. -X
.'•: j't/;n<Na-i U'ii ;;• iftjpp*ibjt..«atta.".. BreV-^
'Ing, JKjfftSa C2i,i^'Ch*vrfii.-r. •?.l Sofl*! So-" tor
l&ifi U -ch<Jlf e. *• --^ •.•¦•"•:. -,-S' V;:J- , ;.'••.-'»;•..:
¦ • ' '. :?•• -• ?:.' .": °:Kt'TU;R;E"S* '•. .• «« < • ;'.-^ • V
'\ '%•¦'"-%:•. :> ees^aT.lr'rtri' i J.jf^cf st. m.:.-. '": ';/<..' 'U'
.*°'. :.:'•";" '}:-' Often 1"' "ilikV","'- & : ;- :'jj'?i(*s«:
; 'D«e«(*t*r -.'I-,? b osPtf . ¦*' $J " tjj * $.1: trJ- ;-. . O3J<-.":
'¦' '"i ">*;; ' :;':=:" 2 '^.¦ :- Yh.; : S.l ; ssl>n...' * -•'.. ". , X.''" fl ••"¦
; D^cefiffier-f ft-.f^Sj.^v s -*V.v : '. T ?,??$&:
'. ;.tlA;TlB-i-j*e--marjkflti "jjia^vs-ho :-cMsnffe..wh".it->;
fc-fc-jr .a'nd UeMtifev.' :•'. .•••¦:."; : «.:-;': V .-..">.' *.O*- .•;.:•*
•' ¦vvrate. ":1.1 : -ti^r 'j.i'-^ ;-.- Ulack-i $l; ; 40ffli .<30 ! ,
[ "Re>: fJ4- •.•¦&••• 2VVi"fcfr ! <:6?im«n .ap s i?n 2B^U3o'.
.«^^jMc«i-"Gr1(y.«;*i.-"teH^"V T .^!.P f c *iV." •""•*
•" fOTvjS." — .j'r»;yt | ju,v feon^ftitiBS- pt?evWrr^.nii : .Tl!^&i
•ta^iojietsht^w no enaftge; :"-.'¦: " V S V- ¦ :-:'.:. • .. ! :'r
. .' VS' ?*&rfli isackedj :$.l.-i2 '-i" for -.Yellow.' • ?i:..45i «. :
fo^.^Y;}rltt:V^Ra- '^l;";40 : ,-r.i l -r.!' : jTilxydj" .t*aliWr»Jl.4"
'.large? .fettow-. fL°'4rtfcfcW-;-..;im4tt< .ttojintl. ..do,-.
,-»r-ff«l"*«5?.-Wnlte.^;>l-;5O'.l)^r-. cta/l-' ."" • '.-* -. ".'•/
;.R.VS-K^>5J3?'l .^.-4>cr>.«l." V .-:.. .
-. .vhb.c">v>'.b'ii*iT^"-^ : . j .."-.-a.
li'i *-•*.¦<•*/ : ?/;ui-i;Cv: : >V-: ; "''<: : ;M; 1
ft ' Pii^U-R^Cial'ffomra.-. J"am**y "fc'xtra;" |i'6O©-.
•4, S5.%>tixu8^terMa£ BaSer3* •«!,>:; •
- QTfVS^C 'atj'd. .¦\V p a'rfttH.ct*mj'.'.^« -86® 4'.I'(1- .'p.er' -bbl •'
."f.dr fa]fnity;:iCncJ *3.:Vi0fi.l Xf>, for.-.-I*>ktfrb' > : o'-- i ..
: ? ¦MI. w jtS'?r,'KF>S^ > Vr"icttf .Vn -'-pacltftges ;,are I as •
! foflo^s:! CJLrahatrt FJ«uf;. $^. l j:S bd^M-lba;*"^*
'FJpuftjSJttfSr. Ryi Meal.-'?;*: 0 : RJee. " Jlsii'K .-STr,.
. t5oY.tr;. iftat" .t^aff j«;«S»i?« Wfein .-tfo.- JS.4.:; Oat'
.<SifXts;° : 'H'0-pln} ; '¦$}.&] i'V'S,!;'"' liucJfewh^at
;- Flour* Jl: 3Q4j4."7"« rfcracliejli ->\lUea;t',..$.lc>5';"FV-" 1
; na..;?;'*-fr()V^\V{it.!v; j \Vheat. nftor/ $IS 5>>. o '<lotle'd'"
ut>«ii::'bbi^-j7-2.'!^«;tiqi- :in"- I'jtKfl.j^rt'^s's.vi'a:' .
"l^arA-liafip^;. fttr^Vll.t.'Pea'E; botfs; *J7-;-.Dreen' J
"Ptas; . ; *>5 $U; Re/; liOW. i.bs., ,'¦ '-. \ • '¦¦ . V •-.; *• • r ; : .•
¦;-': : :.l| : : &oy,($iiyfe :^Mtfsl'yl £.
' •.>'<^*li>tu'T«Soft : :tj6j>"t««?l'«i8«}ihov*Jn^ Jfi'f rnirfins !
et£a'Aineb?;;-'-anil • i'iks Ha]*.- .|SiuXft.-*JS' afso rr.-
:jjii*;teii"WBrJsihg.- aWtund-j irrt>»"ilHjref..-cqrMlTtTon. •" •
.. *tlr« f -clri'irt'ar ot-^ijmer.i,~ fi -Co, -Bays;' •'•> -s i
. v. ! ."l'.h« •ry.tjOrijl ;or^-hUy'«shli;'nJpri;tS: J'pr- tljc- pHS;t i
Wffifeltl^jihowsj', »(,'me *^4irr]lnut).cn,|'tom: (he-i'repott I
.vn'tljc'.' \y/.'Jc".j'<rte(?;)»ng. th.oi . tofaV; befng. ,>U3> |
•totjs-.'p deijr eas.* 1 - <»f ''-B"!/ A>tr.i>&^ ' 1*h)."; H Ule. 5 <arts: b>" «
'.|iipcir.tt l <l of ifiij>Tetjtyl{or'',\;\(iii' cfirvsuvi'er'b' r/kv«'|
M.o'^jWd uKi^ujI* WfaU.-wJOl-.thfc V«8iilJ.".th«t \lw<
4aQ£.:\leniafol slar* r*PJv-'.i)r.l*«etpaHy..'/f;pm.* Hfob*o'|
'¦who-'.- nav*"^.n.q fatoihrt«. fac-IJ-.ll^J:' .'.^V .^enJency ¦
, VoKj*!-?! .hisheV.Yjnire.s -c.a^ "tfr' 4 p«teAjon' th'e 1 - m>ji r -: !
¦ireiv !k(<hctii;Ji t'Ke're :ifr-no;-.st!^jigt"h .-to" any such !
¦mpvfe"nr«nti;UiH »t«<.-'.. Thcfe.'iix" : v'tfy" Uttfe "hay i
.strtl vitit- pJc-Vloora In fac< "f<Jmc» -.o^'.-U'e ¦ .preseiit t
aW;lVaJ;8-.a.r6i ftt(m"tH{t'Jt«*Qf«^l}im8 4 ¦*-%Vta(*J**'l(eUe I
' Say-'w- htlTr";ouf. of 'ijoops c,oiW|»ts. ptiricjpajly- ef I
,'.aU«H4. f »'.'." tfife: ¦ ga*risjrjej)tjy..:Rt'tte"r" an"di'-s<>rne j
bit't ..ift',t>e v VallejB j«vl-Kervi.-j'a d-istriftf •" T?ho1c*e 4
. .whttft:. Kay,/ is,; l-ri "-v.t"ry. ' liKhj, .'svi.^lyr iiVhat. • ai:- ',
\.rl\«« v iji this. llRe Xrbra ! :t,Hi& i'lm^ s*P mujf ctinfo
¦'froTO.'5he..wat*s'bQU8e8".;"j ''.. ':¦ .','"¦¦-.¦¦.¦ J.\ • '"'¦•¦. !
' !'.'t.}"r.slAcrablg rli.8Uf>[Kn.r.tv^Qnt: > w{rs -.c>"yrefised.' |
here- "¦whth" ! ilf.'XV^s<- reported .VlVa.t'th<v- Qovern-' I
• fne5nt.-"°prrfec-' vra> <o -ber'tllle'd; -irf--th,j* NcM'th."^ It'
;-wks:.<riinn*jpt.l^ erii*sctfe'i--'triat- ; thc *ia^r.>'cjont]-act
.wtiu!jf.be:jlet in &an'Fran'c'lbce;"Vui:'aTs.:th"e yetv
seJg.jto ta-koJ- jhe-. k.dO*»'"-.w.ere.'.ilfe.'ady". o.n.- : th"e !
}*Gun*d:' tt-'.avas-'deefSLefl. •a<J\ i l»ia>ji«»"".0 J'oart them .'
tltera,:. •H|fetier-ij)ri«i5'-arc. b"ejn*r'''paid ~'jn Uljo I
Nn'ft)i", tAit-~ ifMs-JtSlwscT-, that.: mdre .cjjiild- be I
paid "for Jjthp; hay,>srrher.'tti;4n" "H61ng\:-.to -'the j
8T«ftt .^*lP«t>s^ 6f'T/'tiir.ning: ([ql^a.n.^r'arncjaco. to t
i t'He .'farg.oe.h'i' Han Francisco's ' fjiwi f
.wilLvpYpba-bly. ctin-e-.Jlat'er'.rV; :-.¦". •".. '-** .-.¦"-,
w ,li6Xj\".^$'l"f 60&22 eu-f.er : .to-p:»' •".. " ° ." '•;
'. ->tiDnEI^JGS.-^.f2K-5(ij&l.>y.pPr-.toh: /.-:. '.\-""
f; "fSHORTSr-V^J. SO'EfS-J'f.O. -per- tog:- -" .
, iPEEDaTUFffS-iRC'.nfcd ."UJBriVi;.. ' $2^1*25 "per
••ton;" Olhca'fce -.McbJ; at ibe-.:injll; \% 20020 5o*i job-"
-ting;-: *37tSJ,'J7 ;5<J ; " "•' Ccicc^.6ui-.-.; Cake^ .' *«1©22"; .
rpri>'"' Megr., $3% hf)Ca;WL:". '"Wt'acfceAi'eo'rn; -$:V5^
3??E?i .\14\c;d.P.eei3.' : *.^ 5(JQ-J3'6<i'; Rctrse-^ea-ny,
|jS8i&.30"ptLr.<on. '.-:!;•¦ ""../*'• .: • :• . .
• iJ."-V'Y— A^hfa*. $Mt?14'fiO;.\»'Jtft.edJes'6f'."eVtra;
"choicer at-515;:nVhj-ht.aiKl.. Q'at, $11©W "bO^Oat'
; Wfld »Ja.t.. ;$« f*Jj&-t.l- TiO^'.Biirl.ey. l $0® 1 : 1 ;
.dtovW. $*..so@ii > » b'to<f*. »$,s^j^.A*ifaii:«f*fa-5u@.
10" 50. "oer'.ton. -• •" 'V .'¦¦'.••. • =.' . •".•'• -' •
•• !: STKA". m .;^35<gC5cVper"te'a.le'.- • 'V ' : '-'-' J-."':^-". '
->"' •.' V Cfll V'i anUgrtM; ; -^VA : >"
•/ Lima i{eaHS"*are"yiuetei<l s<3mewha;t -low-jir. fbiit'
fh>v-.othc*-.-.kincls" Hre -unc*liang.edy> "'The...mltrk«f.
•gijntiixues. tru.i&i". ¦* .• ., * -. ;¦'• ¦ '•¦'• •':*'• •¦¦.' .
, .B*£AK&*-.li&ycvt;.*.&2 Cl*iS?2 7S^"Pe&.' • $^25,-
Buyers. ": ¦¦$*. 25- " rTna'li* \\'4ii<e, • ; -%fm .*.">: largat
• fi "A5ffl:i: VUik;.$2 75®2"S»0f Red;.?2-0(W"
! 3- l"ima.V#}.5^£:(;0.;-Rp.d.. Kidneys?.- $1;-Bl'ack'
¦•ej'e':.-$2 (plf-. 75 'pec ctl;% Ji^rsv Ueajis,_$i;-luo/
*.l-5». •' "• •• •..-;".¦•¦•.•¦. .•.•¦.••-' .•'¦':
' .-SE.KDS— -.B.rrv'wn 'Mustard,. . nVminal;.-;"Y/eliowi
•Mustard;. .nominal^ -FJa'x, "$P 7-0S1 'S0::'Cana'ry •
O,«iSV«c fpr" Eastern; Altalfa, • hojrilna'l;' 'Rape. '
rm^'-'Vier-Timoaiy" f.'aiy^c.;" Ifemp, "3«4®'lHc
per. '}>;• MiJJet, 3®3>3C.j Broom' Corn Sped; $20®
.23 i>e"r loft-. • .. . •"• ••*» •• *, ... ". ¦ -
.:.n : ltIEE)*J 5 E\Ag.^-Green;i.$ j l- Su.S2 : pe"i"ctl v ' '.".¦".•
fcotfltctcs, OnionS'tfnd 'i^cgxthblts.
•";"*. ' *."i ' " "• *-* * **" s "••:. ** "..'"• ¦
: .*T^e -Pcftato" mrfJ-ket -was easy, "ex"cep't"for
.utrictiy fancy' I?uVbanWs. f rotn T Sarllnas.. which,
were in'.'^pod r6ciucsa.-"for.. local" use'. '„ River
•Biirpanks- were ver-y "dull,. "Vlth .sirj>]'.H<-H far -l"n
excess- -of. ihe-' aefn.arid. / Bot«toe*8* we^V
,t tea 4 <Iy" at the old 1 established jft-'lce.* One* car
.caoie; in- /rom Merced; "ilnd was. Jiui'ckiy-f dls-'
posed, ofl..'. Onions' Wer.e- in" ff-ee supply .and. u"n-'
;chang'ed.*. - . " ,• -"••'• •-.••¦ •-..".
, -"Pj-ices pfr v«geta.Mes had .but little, quotable"
varrance." supplies being . su,fflciient*"f or .all- nweds.
TonWors arriyed lcrfs -freely, thnn o'n'tMe -pre- 1 !
cjwilng da'ii.'.but corttinuetp.easy: ns the partners :,
were'-not- buylngt String- and t;fma Bearfu were-'
a lftt'fe firnief under'JLlRht receipts, while* Sum
••mer-KctuaEh w^b." plentiful" and Vasie.r.' .' AH'ths..
other vegetaBlc8--.8t"tiod es- jirevlously quoted".
. -. POTA5X)E*S7-Burbank» . from the *&lver. "«iCJ/ .
.Stlc-pcr otl". wlChr»om"«. fancy, hlsrher.; -.Salinas
Rurbanks. »l 2.'i'<Sl i5 per ctl; Oregon Bur
banks.' 8C®l'0c per- ctU- *tly.er -Reds, 80@fl0c" per'
ctl:". Swfft. Potatoes Jbbblngf-at $l'Cepei» ell. i
• O^<O{i.'S— .fi(KS(i5c' per. ctl? ..-•-.. . # .
I ; : V.CGE.TABLES— GTreeh"'-. Corn;. $1©17.5Q per
fkek;. crates • -fr»m- >la.meda^ ' $1©1 50;. from.
¦BfrkoleyV -75ce?lV O.reet).' r?PBS M ..2«3c .per IB:
S.trWig t'ea* 18 . • z©.3&. .per " lb.;.. JVapt, 2H@ C ;
iilma.- Beans; JVJ^lc .per* lh; Tomatbe« H 35a* 50c
per.bbx: Summer Bqiiash." 40i!io0c" pen box;*Cab-.
bage^ C06-" p*r". ctl s Carrots.. ,75c. per. nack"; Cu
dumbers;'-'40fi50c' r>er'-bo3£:. "VicWe Cucum-Jjers.
3#a%c f.cr No. l.a-nd •l^Wic.pjer lb fo'rT titters:'.
JGarifc, ifiXc. per- lit: Green Pep'pe«-s,..'30SN0c per.
box fbr <c.h"ll* "a-nd pn«£i!ftc /or J3ell": Green .Okra,
.ir»^uGc ncl- b<jx> •Eps".Pli 1 ht.-S0B50c-per box;
Mairdwfat- Squashy* JlP.SJjJ per ton.*. . [.'•..
Bank Clearings. .~V;';".
Local batik ' clear!ncv-in'Seot»mber'. ; ->'er^
•?l2«.121.r.?.5. egmlcM ;»j'J^r r *i.2f.ViC» : '--SV>"t*fn:<
ber. 1J*O2. .Por ,n«. -f r/»~'n1nV'.n}ontHf»;'*jf.'':Uie
they wer» «l.ll*ft*»Oar«Jjb, *ca-ig»>t.'??7*5i.r.
7.V?,3Ut for the C'jrref=)..-idiTig;-|^'t'o4:W.;.l9t1?-'.> :;
Duties oiflm£(xtsiy/c^&
The receifts of dutiVf-.ch- lartivJst«'y'jr</^tK«^ ;
Fan Franci5f-/> Cusfijin^^af*; d,«rfnirtte.ni6n^>*.
of Pept»mV>*-r « - ere'. fiW'-^eSr. : asak3p'f't.--5t.t3O;t.ttl r .
Jn September, if<02: :< T-.e ; -tniirl •re.<;'eiVts'":"f'r^riC
Jiin-:an;- 1 to fiatt ' wei-:'.; '-.-j5.J2l;l?if>;.'ijfa'ins.r.
$5.752. iM during the fa t-ie.'- pe/iHbd-.'lfcpf.JJ;***-':.^;
; Conditioiijty^radei^y^r:^
UOT>Z,n A TE CO 2T 01 Tl V A" S ! . M-T TM ."'«f -iS^rEto
TIIANV*EXTiR':i:S..'Af-TlVlTV;:: r :.:'*v/ :; - i
and; iiryi-ri ?nn>^£-;;"iV -/^
A high New yprk-ii^'h' /riiv FajS.-iM'Jtjj'eriifttr^
r«nt i-'nnditlon of -tT^d^V'.'Tiic./ijr/fp.hf-tst.ipJ^eyir
are now actively jp'ajt«^>^;.;pre«i'ii)^irg\';)jtis!.h'e**s
reaction'. - Puch niny. '.nP/.i-nibji' '4>e^exifec.t#t;:h»,
a r^afonable a egret ,Mi"ut'.'t'-.'l* *r^ii'-tqV\>ear^'1n''
mind " that r.o* sPchI-V>cVf ».»s : -hi\.e.VQC^u^r'^d;.."jiir
the cjmmerciai world <as'y-?'re e<i';4t^dsij! t O^.s,.- ?o;
*.})« financial c «imn'>^its:.::Wh:.i'e^.in3rf«
trade-' trust tn^vi^.bly'-;.<tha-;.e-l - .tKe{-^na;ijcialVi't*;.:
«<t ion Cfciere, it ¦' he '.reispr! •foir''-/xji*'etlng : V"tbe.
»>.me <Jepr<;t % of. aepresstorj .in th^.:'fq;iT»er*:a^VhB!i
be«a fcnanrjd' 4n: Xne ¦'ijUi.'ct-yl^rp.'^f^'^A '*a&:
v«y» tJ-*- after »-;ffect,. '¦•rtf.Jov.ftdcjipR.-ior.A'VfT;-;'
tirndurtiprf,- and'; »"het|- <ibe; ITi'ljiitruiV^ frfaificeti
b! (jDfUe -is* jFurfeited- •^H.^'-Ji " ii'- .ni' T-'i.i
n:ark-tF*»»>-re *\\\\ V<v-'uf.jft. .-¦..i.'h._s;;%f\^iiiav|yjL- 1 .
I «• -» t n Tl ous react f o b" ! ri h .' fe r :• r;i 'l -'\ ij^'fVi e e Si*. 'As/
u » the latter-^8 viiVefraM «M*fl*- -0t>nl^«S>-Tiii*a"- •
1 6J with ; Will Etr*»t"rwi.d ~a-i«f>".f r«ui:.Blls!i.^cp8t«, ;
'»< f .^•rodiKTfiono-" "KhV-firsV/ a%s<i. tfi.U/'t^Mip'ijC.Viir-
.of- •» h'icb...*"e-Vi>x< KiCirtK-.tiifWr? t^j*
¦ many. ' and t*»«. '. i«e« i QrJa'''3j' '¦ .YaTUrQ :¦' inC-W-'HSd-.
lahor' m«,>ven.t-nC :)^v^ry. ,0 .iay ;¦ 'U\M: •'V^oonUn^;
n ¦tf and liioi* -A^i itrS't^tliJiv . if!;'r.Tp'- : ' V-^ifrvJ^i fi'|B;<
» 1:er kod ""by hijcK--; iCJH/fMl'rs -y '^ V;-H »t iiV , aijjj 1 '- *ja«
I" r, for conp'jnV.r*- J^aim.' 1 !--. avVir*J;.fi l f.»>?ftJ^liis'fit
I r !..•{-« end spnie ; forrii : .Vi?. - : ft'tJ'.isJ^i.efi.t^Vflj 1
»:f.Ve to talctr place i.'.^f.Hre ¦ Ui> /iriiilljiWjim - tvei
t H "•-n Funtily ' and' .¦rfjjrnatiVl;! i ¦¦ •. r *"j ; V,r. > ,'J.-;:ti>;. ; nPir- :
¦ '. . " i ::- :<¦ :¦¦¦» ;••. ".oi-y r»-. :-.".T v' "'•- ; -"-.^ -' J> ™". "p*.~>--. ~.
l?i.'t it. is cine .io .be ; kep'.-iri' ?:>.;! "i ; ;:Y l '.''e;jt.c'i'. ! t^e'?an-';
¦ti-«i*t<Hl''.n»t.wi't.hAfejr:\l;tf<'-;wv;h;>.^i>>.i?^lM"«p
«n fajjj.rf.aih to a:."-ni'.'<r>.iii^fi"n^r j K-'arji;';f'u^iajfiii 1 l :> :
J.yifc tkian we'ba'xx- : w /"tH- 'V^*.tjr..'.fr .ffifxtfee'
!a-*t t«» «>r. ¦t'br<='e:.y»aTi-'i .It'; i«-.r!» ' onii^rj/fc^itrr-
Jt hink, that 1 .hUih ; - {)r.lr I *F ; ' ; m(»a:i- ir;-;i't'.'a*l.'-nrg*rf ri:
- iiv. ,'Th-fC lieiY^BtVrtlV^thevyj^Hftia^Ji^foBftlWWiir
!¦ srk •!,•¦ Va? '.»•' i'.r;.ih.!ij-.'r' t;- ¦ -¦v':'-|"h- ;; .'.i'':.' i 'i-. h'.'i"
' kn...w;-f..' Tt.^r.'-v'Xh'e' Viiii.- -if^i'ajfU H.'-i'f jir< ; <V <
tnpst l:\ •H.«l^t..-)Vf,r.rJcef aniiVi gmtet.r.itfjjipii
U-ii.-r dfft«J>ui*-.1.;i- j ro^t^:,V'h'i(i - ''ln.^i|rVr^-^<*.ey:
<::.-n*: '¦¦j..:V :i . f :.-.v;u: ; l^';a> 1 n-..;U. : .fV ..>r-'.;i''5v:~^trC
7 ; l.-y-nem. ¦*¦ r ihr- Fai:|^j:V«iin;'lv;rt:*/Jj'.*]'S.'U =-'- i: ''n''t;f v
ii- up f»H. iiyat' Jh\irMjr^-..' :¦:¦ f:.:iij"jW*-K'^r"^'c<in.- : '.
: !¦ icii. ri work. i»«:>Hy^' : :.'up:^.yfj;'i.-"(^>7^;bt^ipfon;
¦. : ¦! lat.nr, ,-.iin>i' ¦.t'hat.;:;-:^!^r-.T-'t ;: V- I '-Vii;* : A.;i^nV'::' jii i;
• •it h* r wrjuld ¦ .lrrii-ai.t V.fV;^><r - llf »»; it ilr ir.rnirM ¦ *tp; ¦*
iru^ ¦ .if ; .Vili^r'..o»'r.,«r'tniri>>\V/'^-L;vJ.i:strv:"
Jf tri* *^"the.-f«-.ti'.of;r^.ttti:n'\*\ ; «i.t>-' v tf«"yR.4"tr!5'.
I- :-.':¦.:_• :':;<-.r<' ;^. !:f,U.^<-"<;asirij : .;-'V. N -«»af.-. : '-T i hV- v
i. M.!.'gMt:...nt i-.jic.r.i i-aV^^.f^ni'-'-'f-n^cfiry.-'ytUv-"
tur5>r. e -and- wil-i tfcVr,^> ire' -n5f+t..".w:jt"v54l"(*lkjsr"
I 1 .: « ; .:- :• !:-.:.\»r ViiVj>.-:«^ . ¦.w!:_----;:i-..---; ; i_r:ViiU i ii h;.
nw-re >isK.!e .WotTrtit'i<jn,-jji'n/1 -fo. 'kr>at*.tbJT.-^fA^W">
:: prl,< t i» rotirFrnv'iV'r^&Hv.-neA^f.-f.'^ri'iTPs'gVejn
I" Invt tre^i--\^effnXs,hxrAC-tVT^i'<ryiflpt^rJ':.<'\-.
V-SAN-;F'RAN^IS.'-;bT:fiiL|;t.vVi:;V^5.'.r J 'jriv."'.. i
. : V: : .:-^:j
'. •¦¦ :¦'¦&¦-'¦• e' v ". •-.»••' :'. •*-¦/ ¦>••¦¦*/:'¦¦¦ ".':.«--i
•¦¦¦¦¦.¦¦: :--i ':/^"^lH'^l^ ; '^
¦' • . • ' '••'••;3.'.: -5--.=-3-' : .<' i s ..¦»',} .' ."C ¦*•' |
g TATlOK...'.- : ;| :r :J|;^p^|-.:; : | ;
¦••.;;::.l ; :v^:;:;.;r^--' 1 .::;:i
riaker ..,.;. ..29.90 <<0 : 'H<\ Mvk ' ¦Xtl-'nidj' 1 ! V«»-'
• 'arKon ....-., »2» .70. «<) -44-'-W. - Vl'iudy •':«)..•
Kureka . ... . .,21K9$ 50. ; Si>. : ' » ' '-ZCri*&V*Z3i?,
aralion . ... .25>.»4 '. 5« 64;': X« J .r-fCldy .'•<>.
i r- :no ...;.:., 23. «« 74.'.4S.>-\V CWailr . .C^I
nagstaff . . . . .23;iW.' M^St ' N*.V. r ."e!.,udy-^ ".it) 1
Ixis Armeies.. 23.04 r^t '5S', ' iAV •- '<T<,'ijd\i". Tr.
lit Tamalpal8.2ft.-S4 • .14 '4rt. W.. -fifoudv." .(;h
"Sprth Hea^.: -J9.f2 . :M - -50 "S" Vl". V^varty ..-.-r*£-l
Phoenix ..23.M, M-C4VN- ' .'Pt . f-*ia*P Ca !
P'xate'.lo .•..,.'a»>«-.' <-o .40 '+; . f;Sou1y: '"-. r*.-i
r,>rtla.n<i . _-.t.vi;. r,.;." .$« "¦«;iou<fy'-'. .-<*).'
Point Reyes. . .r...:.<» M ...VV. •yw'ttSXi '.€»'
JTled Biuff. . . ..»».>» ; «>* ; px* rpK* "-.CtoSSs' ".C»1
IiO5.ebut< . . ,,.•.-!>*. .,'4 ':jv' NT r '.fiou'ly" "¦.'"¦¦ (
ha-rametito . .*»..«« C4-.'4^ ."s ' ; . * W^u'v .: K
Kelt I^ke.....-29,M- «;*.. Im" F • ..i'.-loc'ni- ' 'off
Kan Fr»nrJ»co.29:!tf. r».s rjo - \V- • "sfioV'y' '--tSi°!
han L. ObiFr<o.-r».«H «IK .BT.iW- "..(•¦.'-u -I.-'"- ji>'l
K«n r>l««o... 2»^O .«;s. r, 4 ..><l . -•-^S.j.i ... |
SP"k*ne ......2«.»« -.12 .:. •»>,.>: •; .. tSorfSP'SS.
Tat»o«h ...... 2:«:H2 .«2 . 4'<> . K::- " <ieT- ' c •»!*
WUb Wal!a..^.!.2 ; ««. -^s : ;'S\V ">.,&? :•{!!;:
*.\ lr.wmuoca ..2*.<:72 . ''S • ;;s/ Ku«- s t:io'a,iy . Vo-s
Y ¦¦ima-.... ..-.;.. pa .7W..W ,«#>*_ .r. ;•»;<>; j
v. 1: ATiiER : "cQ.vr'iTioxs' ' : A*r3 lofcjc^nliii
•,'*.•:': : FOr-ECA^j..v*" -. 1 ' r m .1\i : '- I
The tre^ure, hag fallen- 'xapiiT.y *<:u'r>.v--tlae ; i
I art hil^tain .o\eT'.X"Jregon" *an"*C SSghqii* t
ntWr *$i}*utvmiA <-yer;'iV.":si W r.L'» •«„>•'
«>iu^ Kr-mraUy.iii.^-euied'. wither. .v!iih*tul£i
Juutin-mak<r. ; BtacluJtl-MiUbiwa •' *-ST.1
s: iss^r?- "rw^ r -« *^r#A]
• • Forrest iritdr' >.t fUjri. rnde&c&i£ X jfeit •
bmr* "ndinir'jsiMB.nrht.-o.v.'bi'r 6 !- •• : • "•'
NarttKjrri Cn-.lt^p:i^ Ctj^.v", -w^«ctt)-fi «V«tV^
P^Mhern Oa.lifcrnU.-^l^ u ':Hv. uJUVuiM weith-
NVvarta j - : '';ffli,ly..unteR:F l J..^;r.hr1;- l^roij^hiy
ihotwT8 Thurwlar; Jbrrk -fcM&ffrVwTed ¦ - '
:-.-:n Francisco: ah.d-v|einifv-^:<;!')'i(-v-'unwi«!ii *,
. -th.r Th-jr^ay:; prpbaWy. .' liphV" «" J&S r"
si: sn.jthwojt.win3.. .:---.-A. . % a.". MVAbllJ. - "I
•f." . .' ¦.•" >: ' £ ""\rf.r*recaikfr. ;:
EAS'mnN ; MARk'Ms
•\ czirl crk Slock 3 larkot- ; ; ;, :
CCTJ? XOtUCi Rejrt. '*&.— Stpok- : «\*Tket •••^ r -".
' r* shewed a •lark'.r.t' oonfld<>nc*'ln.-.t-rie."irtiH-t»'
';-1ay in ¦ th* . bII^ cjsco. jof the lirt>'. bayfig"'.W.
¦» crr-at - bankine int-?re«ui which support.vj
|.rlc«> yoetcrtfay. The brisk -upward TnfiH-'oln,.
in th* o|>cnirg r* vohtlruat'cn' «jf . yon'tr&iyti
"•¦ '••¦¦ r.-,<nt pave plwe t o duilner«:-«nd'hesiTi'
t on i%<i cndr<»" wjth'ceclded w«a"knfifcan«.-».
'.rv-p wfalctl wirw-d -out..a iood part «if y«?t*r-
«»v»-wlnii ->«s •Jevel«.pmerit J » -were .au'*e
without Influence ¦ Im the movement «nd' "tKe
enure intr-rcst of o,*rkti,ns .r^med' to'be ce?1
t^rj-a on-th^ o-uestlon whether the leadinR J3a»k«
•>nd c«pitallfitt.-cf th^co.untry would co£t.m : »
W I'ai a 1-iy.lfife. movement tod- whether thf
|*PfM liquidation to, secure relief fram emba--
rafymert caused by tjverextension'.by varfouV I
ryn-J rtten and cai,itAl! K t« was finished. 'Th'-"
advance," wSs 'much helned by.»h'i1
MrT r r^r rtUl i°" f in t******- 'The eomple-J I
Una of tht «<v-k maiVet xettleiotnt: there with-*
r.irt «-mberra«i!nienfarronJe<r rr.eat. relief and
i>< lot Kharp reUsund.lh.nritlrt consols. Ther«
nK ., '° bo " CCO(S <Je " nar "l also for Americati
fecuruif-s over there. " Ii. was euggested that
Ar»erkar^ who deijinvl 1b *<? long ctl the mar,
K«t n'SlU l-ave i)r?ferre4 to doteo lti-Lonaon.
n* the florin? -js ,of s th« contracf will be
ferred for two wwks ;jr^!l -the next *tock mar
ket »*ttlement. It »oon hwame ifianlfert in the
rj,'L'. ri 'V f J u \ aa!n [!' <te<1 i --"!« dl ">» °f tS« Or«t hour
that ««>cks iKMirhi yesterday were b-inc sold
to take profit?. Tfele *e,med to «<iefiipnstrate
*h* citcple purpce* of that" buylr* to support
' G-^&-N\V'. con.-7s^l31VjjBouthern RS;-'5fi. : ..112V»
. .C.R I •&.P-"4i 1 ...v: «*>"'« Tex'& l>a.c; lfHsV.il4/V.
- C",-R ; L &;p:cbl..5s. 72fi. T,VSt Ii & W vls.v.':70''.',
. ¦i>ce&S.t.'Ben4eV«3 ..; .Unio.a . P9C. ¦*»: ... '*.Jt»%;
;.- ;<?ljgo;'.Term.;4s;-.v:; 73V» Union- If ;cQny.'isi, : .«2% "
:¦' -Crf'nrrSbacco.-'s;-;.r.2]i- V 5s*.-.-. 6'JtsV
. CoJov^ & ' So;'4sv'.'.':V- : $S\i WaBaeh. ists ',v^l-J-4 •/•;••
: G- 4s :•«•..':¦. ¦"PSi.V VVabash' deV..B.:.:-K s i
' Erie -.prior Uen'4v0av ''W ¦.4%--E'" ; *Sv;v ;-.i'-8tf. /!'¦;
. Erie, gen i --*8...>:-.. i v8I«4. >V4s "Ceht-4s. .i.iifi'j",;
'•F W° £ • ti'-C lsV8 . 103;> i C: f? *M •' 5s . ;.;,.-. 366is=:
; ..Hdcklng 3^ar-..4H.e.viO5. >: ;;K •:>;.. * .. •,.. •":•%•:/:" >* .i :;>
¦ :; - '". , ~ ; *NfeW .OfORKrMlNli^G 'sfpCKS; : ' : j -Vv '/.
- •"A*tom.»<^;^;V?;Uv^.'lo:iii{tl*"C3iiilt"-;tf:va.--*-i 1 0!S'
¦ . AlicV.. •;'/., .-.- : .;. >'. .'.•• 40; Oraario :i .V ;>•'<'. : .i. ; i4 .50^,
v Greece .•.';:•..: 4: ; :".:.-. ia'Ophlr" ¦: r.li-A iiv;-.-.-lvS«'.
.Brunswick" Con^ ..- .',(J4| Phd*ili ".-. ."»; ;•.'* :V;'0T
;'¦ . .PprnEtock • Tunnel/.OS'J^^ Potoal; V. « . i '£ -22<
." iCoi»- Cal/& -A'a; .',.. 1* 20 'Savage, "f . 1 V-s :.:i". ;.' 20 ;
.-. ' '-Ifp'rp 'Sil ycr ';•;¦ _'..-.. 1 OOj S fei're. ''Nevada .' ¦. ;v J : '»"»'? '
.-¦ . Iron SUvw ;,'.¦;..; ,140 Kmali 'Hqp'e.s. ..;,¦.".•- r" ?'•¦
... • i _r>8iStvHTe:-,.p<f*j-: .,..%, » C2,.-S.taj«larcl->i-V.'- 1"-:-!' 1 '?*.-
i ¦;'¦¦.;:.;•;¦ 'feOSTON/ iSTOCIJS '..ANp^Wo.J'bs:* v" ".V
'.'.i Mbo«y^? : :V'-:'-'. : :. : ': . ; Weptjhg^i "'J'orn '-.'. --6S- \
;.-. .Qaiiy*tfc :,,;,;*: i^v^ wxaotc^*^. 1^'--^ ;¦ ;; •
. ¦ *Ttme.;. "oans :•: .¦ ; :Jb AAventu*e' •.-.-.,. ; ; . >'• 4; ; - . ¦
•• v.Bonds^f ..-.. v. '•'¦•¦• j-Aiioues ;v...:- ; '..-..*^H:i:
, .Atchispriv'4(»". "¦.'.¦.. ;i 87% AmaJgSjfnated *.'v> ; 3-1 ;i- j
¦ ; -.««Jl-r6ads--f/. . '....•*. baLlyl ; >Vest- -i.^.v 3S~- ,t
,' .At'.chlson.:f..>...iv". 6V . Blngiiam*-.-:'. .:..... 2,1'"^ -J
• I ,- pd 5 -.iir.e/d.;-. .v ; : . •87.%°ealuine'.&.;Hecla.425 .. .5;
:.'i "iV'igtoh- '¦& *'Al!3anyi24tT* .CerrtenhiKl .- ••• -¦ •'• :W*. {¦
i! -Boston". :Ij".."...:-.':.-.1::5' .'..Copper •Bang«:>.: 4T'4f'j'.
.I'N^.y .--T H°»CH.\jS.i^|0SiwniOT;Cvrii ;".- #7*4
.\;K!tfhb'urff';-n.H;v:..rM- "(K'rankHn'. «••".•.;. .•...;;,R ? *
*. '••¦.Vn'.on'-. p>»cinc : ' I . . ¦ CR*f--I»(e>:Royale-' »XM . * i.««.'i- • :
. i.'Mrx- Central \ ..^lri^'iMbHawK- . . . ,";-. .•'..» *38?.-v
J •- "M&cellarifVM-ji— '"¦ ¦'.::, {Ol'f-t^mlnlon >»•> '"ftVi -r
¦•I.Amft Su-g^r- ¦.-< .*.ioi»»i --QtipfiXk-y. ¦•;..¦•:;... .••i..'JBp>.,-.
it'.*bnj«»X ; .:.v,«l .-.--'"-Parrot .-.-.i'v.'j^i'.is ,;•:!¦
. V-Any6* v -m ' &•' Tekl23- ''F^rfta' Ke.. Copper, "ri^fa \
.-i ' Upm'Jtiion • t- '¦'& -S". -,-«**viTRittarack -¦- :: ;.-.,^. S2 v. :;
¦j Gen-iBfecthc. ".v. :i«-- ¦¦ .Tt*nlty.-*:i.»v: .::.., ..''-.-ViM
ii Massv Electric . •.-.'.•. 1H^ l-nli-ed 6 State8r. . ; :.. jl7.*i i
t: "*: ©d'.preTd>'.-.-;..'.: : -tT; i ,i' Ctah" /. ; .':%v.'v.V.:.24ij. '-\
,1. t'tfirvd f?ruft- .'. /.>5. '-tViPforla....... ...'.-.;;. ? 8% '
> ivL'^.'-sieer'-I.-i ;v.'- 15*;. A\-Ujona? •./.-.¦ .. # ; : ' .«%>*
¦¦ 'I"-.'. Ro ."-. r..'.eO.^ : AybJver| r ri t e;.. ; ..v '.;..;. ;/62\ •.!
J : j •• '=•.; ••: <vd^p^Ti',t!C&8rii'Ja shocks. - "° ';,-¦ ".]
! :• Cons ors'. fnoAey. . (»*¦ 1 ffv *^ ? .'Y Central . ¦;'. . '150% : ; •
I '..- '-Do 3>i|.t.' .'....-/: .*SS^,f1s^r«7lli?"&:" ">>%" •"¦
i= : (t<va!>3jvda^ . r.V. .,:'¦ 3%f •".T>o-;.pr ! ef(i .V:'.V."--S^'-V|
t -AtcBiF.on:.:: /'.;.-'.. ¦•.'.JWi^OntariovX* \yesf. .:-Cl ' ![
\ '.':. -Uh prefd. :.-.'.^¦•.•, •''«>»? 'Ptti^ylVafliko-. ."'.:-. ; .ci.«i;- t
!' ' Ba1fco«Tfe. "Ohio "...v- 76JVV fRaha •Mines'. '. -,-. ~ .:'. V'% i
t . ' 5 "a na'41'a.a'.PacHlc* ."1 2J4-J* | Readf ryr : :"«. :.--. .-. '.-• 24:-' if
t-."-'<y-e8:i:-'"P«='^ -:>¦ ..••:i-°- •• r>j»: : .ie«: pfeid.\\:-^-;-J
;v<''Wc*««»' v G.;"SY"*...-',<15Uj ".Do '2a. nrffd .'; i . 5 «{ > . F
." p.Qjl v-M •«" "-8*. P--; .13S"? SAuth'ern: .Ry>. . \\-:»i' •¦',1
i-.t BeBsersr-V./i ."..> /i: iaH'l : 336- BftHt"d'iV4.*.^ r 80r -*J
-V"*D&Cvt"fc-"5p ; -R'-.O 1 .0 .2fei J Southern -Pacifle. :43.V.'
- . -o"-E)»- pf-efd: zL-n.^XH'AVnfcn: P-aclfli ". «,*«.H5|
i.EEVifti-'.C' U -,; .-i. :,-,J.'. .2J"Ci : ••.l>o"'pY?fd:v.V,i.::?7 : ' '1
.'.I;* Vyj, •ist..:rcef4.":..' ; 6^*4' u?»; 5**1 :?*V"..%'.' *'&';!:
:....:.D<> .2.1 '^fd;. • ;*. 4g:-.- f •' Dp '.pr'fCd •,.-.. r/.^ii 'j
rv*IlHrwls CehtraL .:>32>a WjibasH^/.'..--"^. i. 'Jft'ff-l
rx.fAaua**ft'.^ii*9t> i.ieiM. -X>p hpefd— .%\: : .°.r.3i-: v!
1 i.Xti .'Kan jiSr-J.-.Tei;. TMi. •'" '"1 ..'..¦.".:.' ' „..•.'• . ¦¦.¦.'¦¦¦¦]
j.f ", {Bar.- BjIyW'-Jk^-Ady, « '27^. 7- J(?d ." '^"er '. . JoVnce,.'-!
Liaifln*/- 3.^&). per'.crtnt*- •••Thf .j&te-oV. 'discount..;
'''•i , in." the 8 .open," '.markeC;, for '"r bo.rt • tjilft-.'Js ' -4- ! '.JtitA
\{z h 1 ?£a&.(3'rk A&rmii '¦bri&Brodiixi?;-; M
?y:, ':-. : .f ;.*>*r'*. .*. - ." .- £•; ' •' :•• •;.•;'• _• -^ ; -• ; ; \--". ...-._- : [\[
.• lp.#fc b.aFj.<as;..exliorr^,.'lo331B* Va'rJr.eis^duH' atid*
tlt-hernlnal:;:^':."-- '-•-/•" '*• ' r *...*. ¦.".rt;^"«..- : i-V .P ."";•'.?.
•3 j*' J^ ?i' E -V ij V?.^Rec^J pts; •' 17 "50a;. .b'iishels"r- : -^x jjorjt s v
" .>^5^C'*).t^4hf\i^ ; ir)6ti'''*a?> i j. No^-2 -red.l'nortjfnar^
*.] JMWlA«^'a^;^*^i'\<uibf. s a*?^:\N«^'Jfpr^^ :
. £*fi*\ o ';p'uijJth.v£iv*><\ if-? Vu' .fr; : *ajTca.t.:; Btap.'^'^^i'RE'
i f iivj^nj ipbir'.ijqii'e'. f . : , >,*•¦ b;. 'l^lciat.: 6'r"<?icJn? "nifadt-:'
'.I *jlISlVt. Ka*'.»;"Hti'rtnp>:"th'e 1 v-:.focej(fto.n; ; •.nfi...S<ju.th- s >
t*l -ViHXetii^re.^Vpt*.- "Jlift'Ht- " ; cTnerlViKs;.'"ff;ar8 .¦.•'thai.-;'
l-Ki.v^i'.ffiVn^falh&ariftfifejehefejc'tft* nvWHn^ni"^"*;'
• si"{aVe^ab>e».\Va.l!.K'tyeVy. 1 :new^:-.\lJi % :ef,it pasert'-^ff'
ii-viK-h" TFTTh-fitjiJ- :KlWed;"Vid.;-net'i.:.Jpwer.'i" iMa'y:-'
• «• J-4HCJSJ" *S v yieV» i S3*c: '
i'j»3'.f-T>^St:xi^'r«e,'.c'lPs«d...(»?-it"o!'' \: :: . :•'•>. ; . •'¦; '^
I';" 'WJ3i*S^Ki.rtii"..'. .! z^. V;')':.' -'^ " : 'VJ" -, '.'"* v
t{ 6 • if iiT>:s^>ft-«sds f ' : - /:.-.'- \,.;--. •-•;'•' •;" v. : * ;:» ••;»«
i-' \vtii;oi^-:steia ; .ij-;- •;•••;- -j« : ; :••„ ;-•.;=•-,:•. "•.•.- •.
:^",'"Pjt:S nia;krSf, ; v -"*^rm;' t'r .• ':•.••• .-.V.-f ..>..'•:
= ..] :- •!Ki.$."-7H'*r:in>*Pii:e s -?i^e;-_jiiiUf;.i
• j Tteiil. ":Fi>f«ire>«.-.cT«Wd'f>t.«ft'r1y<ieV5.tA40 polijtS;..!
' rj*l>Vi>r! .^11*?. "(W^lC^gs.i^ndUdfng-: v :0/-Jtobei:;;;
• : {"4 . <W<" r -necfrti beh;'.. "4 . ftfrff . r w ; : ,M af->>]". .• 5. 2'.»!ff 5. 25of.-;
•^:Jj*!>.^:»J^---"'. : -^.'v''. '•?¦¦..' i^/-.*'".-^^::-
[Si • c .S-I^<?AIi-^*^awA.flc r^': Veflned.-.-flrjUi-i ,v; ; ••:•?•
; j ;¦.;•:.•.¦•;. ¦ v f - v' 'irMf^ f^- C:.;%: «/vt
:.:V,\E*'£p.9'R'AJ-ED"? • iiPj'IrfiS-Vftii ;ima'jik*V. : is ;
! V'-Qtfifli-:" - TJi'e.: ne.^- "vfrilk'- »ijrjv6j*f-'corrt+n.0«yi of:";
: iruHaH<jn»rtiVi : 'q"alfry Jflnd^"recKi>s ••B3LH*' n'H-«ni'
ri'tlOJi.';: 'rTierv.-'l&.ia: moaer*'}?-; i<abJdnic:"..trk'd^..; l% ;
T'oM : fp'i'V.": fommVJn- SV<> i 1^*:.-: prtfn;-; '
.j. !a.tT-i»i.ij?N«c s .- ftwfce-f'at .-V$$}Vf ; ««t' •fan^j; ¦ at;.,
•? ;, 4Wl *NKS!^r'Si>p't-.- PTBHes;%tre •tiVflii.'n'Tiii':!
ii 'J-a'Pstt-a/ie 'l^ ¦reported, it: 4upt?ititnijfe"- A"frfclJ?i
•H^ftge'.frtwV.-.a.fi'e -;t« ;>r-. f6Kall:;:gfarte*;^ /.*¦; .}&
'¦'.¦¦' .vrj:r<"-7'TVi'.?ohtiriVife: : tffln *j.»-f>*#RV<o.; foij.1
*- : cho.;c-e; .AtyV'^O^c'-tiir fxl.r^. qlipfto ;Afid ; ..^.0*4f^'
•^•J-2i- "for .teiv-T..-' "i ~. V«". ;^ ' ": '¦.:[.'• -•¦;«';¦ V.'.f ,-.
¦' : ' % P*2vi<" i H ES- t A5re -rteAdy, .-.'JKCHf 'e 'arf ; qu&t«<v.
• lat; t Jt .;*/j-?J fc 4R.*"»n4.»feid^*.' eifctce :jit. 7-%gRV*cr.: >"~;
P r - fcfticibs>;? se^c-' -o*?.— "ATiefk? ru)i*4t JBuJr'vibiil
ji-.gVf ak^r H'^i*«' : fl C**in/ " f> ssiott % "w l.tK txa°d i rfg <: j»ai itfji |
vor'a". Bca2J4"W-. ha,l.iit«t; • <ip.eningr. 'prices; w;t^e' ; in?--,
• r.«]"ri-'d t.-r> • f1*;rhtfe!tf*.'\''ifnflijierjc*'.(^; ! bv'-.;'he;. .'wej'.i
' •'¦ jretftlief* ln"the?->'brtb.weffn,: w.lj^i • predJctio'ns- 0} ¦[
.":r£in- hi ;.tb'e°:.Mmd^; ; »>str-RmI'f)eFenil5fefc uafetj
•H-ip jji>hij''H>-ito."?f55K"4*. at •S'TJ-ic" tjo- 7r%«' £tuD*tati; -.
3"thi~Acst<ba)i •hbiuyt-He-re/^as roiisl45raiJles.elK'V •
¦ ing-vJ-iy." p_ft ."ti'ad^rs ,ia-{i?l cjanimi^slpn.. hou'ens/tjui!.
f"-t>7 i .K<%ver : i'alflci6. '-arid .the ¦ .w^JIlJrces Tn .*p'j^, ."ana/ '
: '-r-riSfK kia : d.!a. deciJI'iiliig. liaidenrj* bnf. riajer'. SA'ti
! : \he-.-Any, bp'.2&e* tetiwrigjh ,kt •St;i".*; ;; ourH9 : a'nij{i?ooi;j : "
, j'.bbytrvs '^6H,Seiith-jC;eK 'accrtiriV.-'.-p, xhy'yj-' .QCVufo!
f,'t<-d; D^°»nib«r' afiyaftctne/Jto i^*»ic. : rrH*; wf a'.kv"- .;
4->n'ess>h .i-iJrn, •K&.wj^vif'C.' h>Kl a';. de.ptesfrlii'g.*'eTr/;c"i". •
••nr"l-"<lusihB-'=tho iJRJtteK pj*t-.ot. : .rhe.°d£i->- Jprlbfis"
V'fiT.s^kitiny.-yleklvd. 1 io" th«v.'5"eHii»g':pre?si>r«t,' - L)e'-.',
.::;«'tei>*r "d'ecLrn.fnB tfti'TTitft,.- -'ftie -clo=se. Vi^'w"' at.--
d 'k M.'tjt^.e. •-¦."••¦. ••¦re'..* v. :¦>•;=¦ .;¦:=.• ;¦•¦
.-: >/C^cfl OwaV <Vi«?'ft'evH Ciftor -(p ¦.tte-'gr«i* - *ptl : 5' : '
V .$"c(l?-.t<v. ! .¥'c'e.haln'. : >x<blif .Jhftuence'd^ihf ;oats •
•' ftiapketvi'^THB-crof 1 * *^y.as 'vvjeaki'wtih .Bjc'emby^ .
•'i'^iC loWf-iit.fVv'BWSif; T, : •"•.•¦': /- iv. :-.'..V
•* ,* TVr?hr-.;<-.-;4s 'fSfilf. : 4r lUh^: trgtje-" In, -'oh..ts ; ariif
•f i*t;i*S* "tiT^r** :fs"lr : ly "¦sj.fad it ¦ iintiV, the-ijut-'-hBup
: 'j »^erC>a.decJW<i <»catfred with, :•>!>•'
'j ¦iifa 1 k 1 ftei>s ' iu -wheat 'a'nej- corn. i.pectm'if^'tlosciV.. .
>. "••.''•."ic-Lonvj-af'jhJ'i/v. • •:•,¦ .". ?i .: ". ;.•.'. •:.•;.". v •-•.
:". '•- Tiie. weakness'- Jn' *ratti ;% " tOR}pJh.ei«"wlth". ¦¦» -faok : V
j;-^t-«UpROtrt;."«i_R,rV a' o fKfj'r/->'etpg°.tnfiUenrjj-"0.rJ"pr6-"r
'I iteiph*- 4*vf . b-T.te*** ruVed-..wcajc'.S with* tra<Wn£
• .tiu^eV.; >V<*' f -befe'jnprk"*loF.e.d 40(>".lgwen"lafd" was. •
•I iitt-TZ^C hli.-l -j:i«t.-7"*;C.io.»*eri>*-. ';•&¦. l J:.J .-.¦>'- I
";[ 'V : T;he- |t-»iit| i ny.--fjnt=urj\t| ranfiYdj foilo.ws-;;'.. ...•"„.[
If ,'• ArticlV*i-;= " •'! Oj2ff.. "-ihfeh'.^ '= Ljiw^ -*Cloe?. : '
•.^;yen«at -i*:-p». •?— •.?.-. -t .;-i:" .": ••; 6 >-" £••'
:j fpp.(emVer;.new'i: . WHtf ;,' -.78 .;. -. - 76^%. /^r-V,
• ;. i^cembe'r. '.jviv..- V 77.% .• t ; 773i-, rt>4- ? : 77% :
•:- 'iGiwi . . ' -:. • -• •' :' : :• ..• ¦•¦:':••• 1 : "*••
.fpeptenvtwr-/. '/:;•¦> 46 ' t-.-^" 1 '^H- ¦ , 4ifi •
" i'-e^tftber:'. :V»v. •¦. "i"^ " i 4<i*^ ". 45(4' ••:"4Wt: ,
. r .¦Oj t <s ;XD-;-2--; -y ¦;•. . ••-.:; ¦'.'¦i'.'vK
: l)ec..mlfM- : . . ,V. ;j "Utf» :,.••'->.' : *»* ..~?ff'?i-.':
;.. i'a^i,
'I . ;U. ."-..ft y5 ' tt Vt.l/ll T AfS-- H; 5<: •!
;i.4^Vuai.y ; ,...'.,.;' 1 ..W 4?i" 4p.n»J).?i-12 i.V"-."l2. 4Br/.- I
l.'ffiajr ;"-.::¦<>''•;. ':.l*-.87.*5 l2"«7lSi'.i2-.S"t-' , --iS »7«if
.; ¦.-tVca.-.-iv-K-MP.'ip??- - .*•.*»*• v- ;".¦*< •¦..¦".•••••••¦•!
; ! Septc-niyer .."..; ...MO 35 ' -ll- OO" "¦ :1*3« fi5.>.- tl '00V.I
••. petthfr. i.-v;-.?. 7 *Fh :X8ts4:.- T'Wi6]*7.>sm4:
'•Sajiu^Y.^'i ,.'.:.::-."« t*5. r..0r05v.' '" 6-02">i, ¦J0°02<*J
¦ [> f?W"fllMt-.ltfj-3W)"rbsV=-*. ."•; ,*.':. -.¦ X 1
- • .JM •.•-;• ;t\. • •;•? , •% : S *V "° -? 1 '*""""
ri-Tfet^nw/..; '.."^,. -V--.'. .."•/»;* •..;::•-.. :o • iae.--.--j
: ;jahu}lrr;.°.:." ; V...J]y '^TOX 6t4O.y^tf-Cg^ •
j •'# CMnV. "Vf'ifo^atfo.ns'-. ." won; " /•£, frHfcJvvi".:". iFfwirV
LVtaady; "Noi" Wheat, .T>?!S5c«: Nt>:.2" res*" ' ¦
¦ 'll^-^^a: No. 2 ctert. •<5'*-";C;- NV.2 y«jllow,"*7?ic"" '.
; 'r, : N»."2 oa\"s_ 35i.ic:.".r<o.-3>hltfc,'3CV/ff - '.S'"4ci Nd:- ;•
i-.2»'rye. "53c.; "fji.r .tt)-Jih'oIce".rfn"Hng2tiarlty,.51*?i*J"
"STc- "fs'o"?. l.°ffo'Xfee«".'.l)CH(i:\rr"Kne. timothy. seed, |.
•!-|5f.§ft: h^f" ix^K.-^er. bb"l> $M CO«lf 7ff< land; •
r'per'KO. '5bj.* |«?S-2fi:- sh^ct. .t.tbs i"|des (loose)., ! .
1 $p8IJ&eji 2.V. '"dr.y.-F-a.lted- 8hoUldt>r8-,:(bored^. ]'•
•f $i;v2"AifTt' 7j;- shonf-clfiar. sides" f boocfdV.' $8 78'@ |<
• ; 0 25r w^'wikj:,. "bas"l.*ofTf hifrfi -wjnes, |l **]; •clov»r.-|.
• *' " i i tr - >c ' t - g'^-if"-. .>' ;•; -.-• . -. •;;'••••' *. I;
'" : Artlcl'-?— .- - : : :'.'. .'*.. I^ecefpts.Strtp"ment : s.' \'
1 .....:•/. .^.% =r.5,70Q" ¦ . 'l4.8tO ¦
¦ •.WKoat/^usnels" . ."> ,-.. .-/-.'. . .'i'llS.OOOr ?'• T£4D9i;
"¦Corns tnA'eisf .•.•.;..>..>..•:,". ...'*72,|]0O. ' .C(iO.:rQ"O.'
• "Oajf", blisheis •.". . ."."w. . . •*•. 341-.W0 • .105.000 c
r .K-ie". btisK^lfl .".....•;.•....•,..:.. aO.iOd ¦".- .3,400
i Ua.'rley.i'bush^ls. »..-:...•'.'.-.. ...231.600 .• .gQ.Opn'
"I.-. -Oh tl»fc Pr-pdtjcV to-day. 'the -butfer. ¦-
I ifinnkct Iwas; ej\,ey; creamery. 1S®2'1 <r; " d*If y, -T4 .
j" qi-Oc;c"ggs"8teniiy."/lS01Oc.»ch>eee fiMn,."ll@J2c;.
• ..; ' *..*-.-' Ifbrcij'gn -F 'ntiit.es. .'¦•• ¦'•¦.''¦¦_ j.
;•..."• ... ... • : U v' E RppoL;.' •'. : c". • ' •!'
.H'hea^— -•* • ••* .. ' •: Oeu *'. T 'd^c. •":
."Opening,'..^, v'.-v •"•• .•'0 2%..'' , A.3-%-h
"Closing ". .;. .:..-..." V. . . .".' ? 2>4r . " - -6 3%
-.PARIS. - .• -.- '. . •'
• 'Wheat- 5 -' * 'Sept;"" *" Jaji.-Xpl.
Oiiening :%..:. .a.-. v '. ..-:.. .-21 05 •• •'. 21 20 •
:Ch^ing . ..:...«....".«. . x .,...il20 ." 21"20--,--.
Flourr- " "-. ¦ '•• .:'.'¦ ';•' "-¦ ¦¦•.,.: *
Opening •• . ». . ."i. .". .^ .'...-,... 32 "50 . " . ' 28 40." •
'Closing "....: I.. ...32.85- ..,28 50 .'
. lulNeiv} York Mctdt.: Market. ' •."*.
"XEW 1 ; 1 "VORK. Sept. 35).— Tifn experienced a' ;
partial, recovery from ¦ Hs recfenlt 8.eVere Idsses
in' to-day' e." market. In.London.it advance"!
•£2l5s-W £115 2s Cd for spqt.and £115 -1.5s fbr >,
futures... while, locally 'prices • were Raised "&'
$25 f£»4®26 10. . : . . ' t\ ...-. ;•"<¦..¦ \
Copper' also show.ed some: jirmness*. 'In * (Be" •'
English. market, .where 'it galrjed '12^..6d". .wl.tn- 1 :
spot closing at £55 atod. futures at HT\':<. -2s -t\i. I
'I^o.bally^jLhe.market.remalned'quiet. Lake tcn'd* 1
electrolytic. aT« quoted at'?13®13 25.anQ cast- '
Ing at. .$13e>3 J-2^. 4 .. "v ' . •"' •- '..*?." '
Lead was un<;nanped -'both "here and .in Jx»n- •
don, clovjng n. 194 00 locallS and- art .'£41 in
the English* market: .' ¦' . . .-"• . ..-¦" - . • . ;
•• 'Spelter dosing; at £20. 18». px-ae Unchanged -'4h •
Ijf|ndon. as it'nras-ln the. local- market;' WhVre •
lt-ctbsed a]t.$8. .-.•-." • >• . -."'.
•"Iron closed" ftt.'50» 'In; Glasgow. and^t'43s Od* j
,"t:-tt»\*m'(|Tjfe*'t-. V^
; :'.'i'ndVt^t'fl;Wr»v.vthe : -'4ftv.e*tme^^ "of
f - Tihy ; ¦ : ¦^^^^ : i^ifv;:¦^^pWll^n^;¦¦if>.tH*:,;^^
k ;;*e'<^d ; -)5.VfflriT--t : he;t^o'iijOlh^tT^
''V.cSnVp'ii'uousiifid- faus«vl si.; f*aV ; .tl>ai-' it-had -b»^n
'.' tjiiarkwiJiiit*' ,«to...mhlrket.h>WiJ'nfesi; ; ?Th*. # ten<Jwjil
: Ti J)T'' fpej- ¦¦ TpS.I ;.: pr riA'nrf* * I« jrai nV t" -• .''P<en nify 1
Vj-:.tfcfnnlWed : *jh>-^a<*hT'n^ur« -off t>ve"newly1fofrmi
¦ ¦,¦•• JJca-cVintHfiwAt and ."tuj^M'd -Mh*'. t/ide.^ft'rtrirt'ly
Jl&JKQjcitii-fK / Pi i .*ftisylv» : ni4"'o f e^.-2^..be1ew Aa.it
.'-p jn)gly°! a,nd.';a"cnu l rtUiJ-.F .qf -oth#r.-rA8.'der«; 'as.. nnJ. 5 ;}"
•"',-i>*V »-»\o •iiofnts.: ?w.T^ye -.t"H"f'/ genera! *nuri' -»> o f ,'rlJ"!
"•¦irivStVH - r . ti> ¦t'wp.icoI'ms'ip'K-errahian ilast
'•-.SightL-.'. Tt-'e .-clcssiri^-.-jiaS- hcaity. .ajiil. «MtJf«"ut
fr'->frectJv«.:.vi2rt.ry;"ii. ; -:-. •-.- ¦..; : -'."'..':.-*v •. t-i: °'-.
H'-:' -"A -."k'*JAir».-°*>r .Hh^.r^iiy's- tfewsl'ti«"s* tpo pay".
• ivttVeiitvtij^ °i)}e"in)r-XT.eAS\if.y '.*3t':6\-et 'p. "njl.HO 1 ?.
•''I'TxlWiat^VotT.' a.f.c^vjBt-"^" soK-irecerved; f tjojrf: Ao^
-rtialia-^nji'deiJositi'^'-etihe £an',-*i'«i'"M ti<; o." frjb-.
S;jiIVea'«rrSv~ :€ K^e'nipi-Jf)rii'.-"<iir .-UuJte*-' PtatVa".f^ea
• J-'Sy'vftw; ' ; ,G AerriiTj^t ?. ifr ftW'JpkyOlM'tC-.diM^'tA*
•|-..rhoV;cv' \< V; . : f {irt'her"»i? f *jaijin?»?5^ 0**83 C*J-*»»X
j4/irVn«(Uii«*f'rlai*lter 3*i:rBenfy..-.'_Stcr14.ng..,l : rVr
vr:'rnA-n"(5^-«;-?aH'feJif"-a .o"d-ing;.fbv.the>*n\;1ctfoft.^fitf{
~> J ir^.*.-V.ia'Vd c '-vKa*- ; mpvetxii»at 1 -'*J*-lW ">o?>"n' !: .rftaVc;:,!«i
¦;|-.8J*V^*5«' ; "i'tri'hx'J3"":t*3iV.'.»0 : at?'« t '- 5 '. ¦-•"TS?*? , ."•^•.
•J-.T Tsftrti' : *f :-'pig,;lr.c>ji.°pr"od«ci' ! EA ¦•.•<>y^y4«. < r??-*-.W"
.¦•l-pCitpiifcJirt' ,<3c<oher'-20.|H>n.f'<int;Avis:'.npV *. peT
ye*4*'*le-J*A e*k^Trt.nf-;.fac»oi- ; ";»?^- ts"'ln. iaCt^e;
'••K»rlf.:d.'jis : *^i'a>tVij'-*.tc'»;ar'd; ptata.Hty-:.-:fV» :-fbe'
,.-°ma?k«*^v.*^4^de^ign/;p.rcfhe ;: l.nUe<!: J=t^t'e's
i'-^'yi*eJ ¦' :*Coipeir»t i Sft »f j fla5"i'ci-..CohTrri 1 1 ye:: t •uCgJlS ftj
.^-^«*y..tJj'e*.jft : <lemitV»J<vi.".*if \f5 -*pre°f erred- .-.:*t.oojt
•;V-at:'tnVrVeri.4V»f.''V'eAvejict:-art- ih^.^rfri^e -Ft>frs(?rjf«t
!•']: "for -'liy; .•«k'<fy£ic>-i:*-ii.nd-'cjiiT>Jp.vf sr. w^flpj ;krva\\>
1 v'.4ntfl;'Mvir'.-t^e>ctes*.io : t - 1 i.4}^;'^r^fj"./;Thei^b
:. .l : V:^cp"of*'t^-"r-ef<^is-^f-.tWe-'c.on/J#flpn^6^
r -i-fcari-^^l.:,1>*p^KS.-nn-.- 1 -^ritemB«!r. i».ij-}v>»i".<Jjfj-rj(t
'¦ f'^asKirRt-^rr. to-"d&'5/-'wtfs. portsifte'r.e^.^lsappnl^t-
V:-'{< ; !>:':-i'r.'"-''-rtr b Vi'o-iv i nu!r' :of.:.'a-Jos'n"".i : n<-.feaFe s>f.*0ti,—
"v^; : A';.!f2V>jTf<)Jv.»Luhr«.*'-^;r^P**^^
-¦ -.;1( ; c' ; r.'aVo-.+.;r.- : l,rie- *sa"m'e '.v^XiO'X. In* inai\«lfH*ali*le-_
"i -i i<* !z * r « &' "<:V4 f-Ctert'. <5j p;.°. '...The. /Jrt{-re.*we •. : in;-. Sf6-eh
¦*i ~jiol;*t triftV ¦f*'i>''tfiP- r <>nj"<" J i< 1 «r . anij untis-: to <>.td,.r
: 1^;%v;cf-/2.\I(?<£OOC 1 x;; *'!^m'>a'ff«1 -v.dt^ ..test
«: in i: -il^A.".5«"nVt.V'A;. t-Jrufi and-" c 1 .1Oe. ; -t:rpm: 1 .re!; t fI;v^
:'Vac^nfe'w'a'-;2/>JT)t.r^r.V/^;--a"?;ainst"'S5.^4:,on-^p o -
: ;.V::: _;;,:-¦" . j- j-S-^
-•!• . .?rtrf.;*^jfi*fc CM;W)-.->a^.lrneS»>ar.- .tFnta?.!r5l1ta
;'K.<n"*r'^;Kroeij'.^2;«Wiuie<V' :? /'"->.'I-;.;V -,--*%¦. -I" •':•
;v .•.'* "fhit^<f • f • y t : ¦*:<¦ ]fh -a*.>gf s .<V*tfne£ ; l Ji' J>e.r. -p^iTt
. j.>.n-..lhe>i3gt^v».!f .-: • *.'; • ," •• ' ; *! "' r i j- '•¦ = : ; ¦:,¦{?-¦?'¦ .
'*:'¦:'?+*¦ &&$[¦:&£?& i^frif- ' ? : *ftv.^
r ; -\. Rt-ocks-- ¦" : ; ; ¦-• , • !.^any." ¦" 1J •«.»»-. !^/«,v.-t;H'
•> »"tPltf5<':n; \y--^V-'.'.:;47vK.«».-.-;.-<>i'Sv ; ;>!:¦•,/. ;4>l .;•
'•¦-ftifty^.^ihV"?'!;: r^V^^'X! i- 7^' -.*-•? -M^
:r-jj:»si'.x- : <Vhi..-:;^;:i u ivyr j-.s'^ij.^'f'j:"/-'?***^.
•l-*-eV:'trij'.V:.''N;vjC^^ : >-'-'- • \ P- '." ,"= '» ¦ Y~:&r,
iK^ i 4' i '«is''-'--'^--'^^' : .- : ' fi > : ':'' >>1^- :^
?i^nV^vit,:n'l^r_>r J - *'? v = ni '>:? t^f.
:Vf-hf. ,v .a:-- -fill 'f-i .-.::¦ '-/3<?»-'- : :Vi'- 1 '/'=¦• t«n !';
1' r.fij/&v«i'"i\Wt-."rn. : .' : 2^3'>K"-." : i-"*S'.- '•.-VtH • 3A, 1 *
T4 J *i-^-/«.V'"4V".^:V^ :v -.. "•"'?• :•? "•? ¦;". j ?? S- V^ 2^Vi
: r..'t;i>A ; -!*>".('MhY>V,tv-* l^tO;.yftT.'*.V:"-1 ; :.-i.-. Tf-a.-.r
•:b-Li,T^iu.:-A;;r/,.v;^ •-. '-^^ ¦-¦\vi'; ; '.v;'^.:.-^( ;:.
.f-fn^t^fm^-.'T^.siv'. -^'KP J-l<!v.;i.l-.t . *M
vk--»-;Vv^ ••¦v t '. ?^.,",,u.vv.T.ft'V'j.7V. : ' : :v : 7.i * -! : ..?-H^-.
¦i/i-nio -'s/.iit Vrn'-y:-"/..-. 1 '->w-' •'; -1 iy*;,' -ju.','.;. :.^- -
Vli-riY^.'^n'r/ifi -i;::i-:.. ; .- ¦ i^v'l 4-^;-: ;^>':":- : ¦' M*^
¦:f-;:^fl.<>.v«iiV:i>'i. ; 'ir,>v> ."-:,' ;>]>f' fl : t!i>-,-.. ..W':y'.. ;.i*»-.-.
¦•: i W--£ :.i'ru<is--n:-:- 's...-. . • r-nnj -jj-si'-.- ;i3.,"i ,-. j*!.»
.rWi-i^rh.^' ---\vsfcVf .;;>v : . : .- : ' : :..v: ,;"¦ Vf-j-^^v
-l-i)^\vi^V'ftri;:<;.::vif^l ; : --i r . :;;:'$ »; :^ ( '^
•Kri?tft*'r;*a;;ji.i;:ojfd'.;-..-".":i'3i •.*• «B^i":;. i'-- 1 *!: ,.;-?!?i
-7irt?^....-2J :.:*> ¦5.*» S S - L -^3 1 -$
: ]*-KVU>"-iFV:"i-.!-'.l'. •.»,: ."•..-. ="l.'lJtf) •.¦Cr'j--- '<••. l j, .V'.^H' •-•
'u^ie'72<i'-r r r'lV. s i »-. 3^ ? .V-'.Wfy
4JiS.reariNi>ri-h«Ttn' f^-. v-:-^": .-••!• f ~ •';•?•-." !>?>•'.
:.L iW'Vi-ift^'.il.'ey -i'---" ,-l^f - .««*' ./.:'<•¦'• ;M»1":"
4mw-> Oewrf.-I . .:. -:*: .* Wl- .'W " HV5 ".-••
F-!o'V»r-'>n<xaJ.vrfS. v'""~*i i !> ¦••¦'•'• ,:* *'',': "" -v*"'.":"''"
'•k- ¦»•• -^ouyhern <C it* ; a>2fW* •" 2,"J .t .* J'-i ° ¦.-
'i fc" < * .P: : .-u\yt-cTr- Y£<i - > : ::l^H < A t .-: i^*
¦ '-IJOJ.V& : ..'f. 1 .ri7(.Mt..'-it;»". :.=:.;. «rtVJ>.>.i'^
; '-Miahatta-i i.: r.:-:,. ' : ';w'.u<i- *j.i<?s r 1-^4/ ?"^1'j
.f/MetV^lfta.a"t : l"/ti',-i^>Z..P¥.Hi-:-10.}^*. JJir's,
fcM1r'h."&"Sf' r<nrte:.-.-,'-^A '•'. '.'¦¦¦? ' : .-t-i-'.".V<.> S
i; .MV^oUti'l'U' if:.;., v'l''?.^ -'*?¦!?':• : T :¦ ' >•>-«•'"
I i M« tei.fr "*' ;T«xas.:-," . •:*.*.< <l ,..-^* !( i»" " 7 .c.": iitt-Vi
/<M«UCc=n'-&i :T- : p"f<t."'. >T:1? ?*¦'-'. ;•:!'•' -V .' ¦"«; .'.-••!•¦».!¦•}.
l--N-"R'-H.of-:Mex- : .>'ri.': ;-'W •<•'*.*'/-•• • !7 ' *-P«?»
vrerifri) ......:. 'i3!-»«rV;-;ii/;<- : .. f 1;';%.* lu/;
.XnpYclk '*4-?"ATe>'t v-- -. ?;7i'><.>."-'"-5!V i • * . ""'J'w'. i'*i*"'«
'} Ontario' &'5\VesV:r. * Si A«/»'- . J?S» T A- ' - %>\»':J&>to
i Pc.^r*,«y]v.aEte. v.-. r.^l2,rg>« .:K"*i»y . rii.r>-;.. j.ni*i
¦•prrts «•" «"'"4- -.iw '.Tfj -v.' -.?:«• '--. ?,Fo :
.f "«£ad&*.rVi' : !'*"ii. :¦¦ : *^^**Ct* -./ H[ .
..' nVVapinv?':'-'^ pf " : - 1.'--*.--.-"..---; -.' *-': : %'-S.T < " >i .-^.
i i*i^k'.ta!fp.A"<:o ; . " 2Vi«t»» "•• •te.V-'-.SSik- f^'S'
|" Ri^k.Is!^nd-.<;o."l > ''4' l? 0^' :>!• "¦ Y-Vj "'"Hf *>
¦I Bi-xTS Kf /•f;-'<5,.,-,;.r-- .;.-.,..•?.. .r,.v v.ro.?
• '••yj'utfceliv-Pa.'fia* -i.--n.r;.:t'iP.v.t-'H:> I'.'SHt ..;4jn^
¦. !»'.*>hern n>' iiW ::t-;*P<»- Z-' :°IW'- HV}'
tT«l*St I^fi'Wesr-.-. .'.-.2' V,:'""? ."',- I'-^.-;'^.^
I'ft'rJot. "P'k«ffi:-.prd.'; :-' Vit-V- «g.i*?," f ': '•
\Va»^ii*-hr<lV-'. .:.¦¦.-:,:. fcHSMVi J»fi : !»k ' \Wh>
¦.••-¦"v- *r'-IiiV>?e .Erie- -•¦': v?v- •"¦•"•>: •** *• *i ' •• : : • : "i*.'
¦;-\V-i f -.t>^*« ( ;-<:erftr"ifv.-:-V4ii>>-. 1-:^;' f« .; : ;-?*^r;
-•".Xlw-onrin '.^n.pf^." • r'l^iO •i'3.-. : a.: 3»>J<4. r .:-Jfc>'-v
j •"•jixpreis.fXfniyanlflg^;,;. .-.• •:.;/.• .'• : :. : .*i ,*^.,,.- ¦
Lrfn*4is < B;:>vi^V •.•'?'¦:>' •"¦;.• ; : \--< ¦%.'''• ~: ?:-• •
••^-rr.esiran.^.-:'. ---;>.-. '.-•....,•--.*../ -i •' •*"»-*•."?!«••• '
• r i v m»d'.jsj[it?!s.- •.:'./ -:t •*»'?* •¦¦'¦•'¦'¦ '.'.•":• •"••M > -
i j.V*i?-jra"rsn ¦•. ! *;.-/-'-j.v.--.ri... •••..:.; •.;••-. *©»;• .•
• *AtB < r jr jfe?FVian4 ?. .2;.l?O-; ' ••Jr.,^?."-. : S«.';. 55 2M.
.^•nr-tJarVic fc**fjMv -S«1^^."« V : ?* . ! - f tt;j
' -A'ttM.*i/i»A4'i>ii; : •"/-• / • * i. -5 • •;; : • ••.-*.•. ..*: • »>• ¦
j i'^pt jLip tuf Wv'i S^ '-v .^y- ; j,t •¦ Kiar %¦
I Awer*t«cJbc>tl«e..' '¦" »W?-;it3ari; 'I 5 L?~aI*. f
j-ig&r, rlpeO r.W-V:;.;i ¦•-'.-.¦« -a"'.. •••¦••¦•:: «-2'i
i-Ar^-Mr* IH?.' ftl^-T .4l.V.^.-**0."i
t -*Jnf.r* S >".TRer I.f3 . .,;vnWj%M ¦'• .^0= -. .. PJ5SJ
¦•Vvm^-st-'^r nab*. . X-*$o.--iWH'.u?s .'.htif*. ,
l!«4usijsia«' swn»r." .-,-,; .'-^.-"ai* ' .--. = . ¦ : «-£5*-: % .
r .i;rr,",v:-yr': ija-.. Ti*!!) .ia.. r .rp : >..r5i-f ,. 71J4- "i-r-tV
•/Colo Fu^ rs~lr.m.. c -V.M:- «lfi 41!: fifUO-
J *:of-*>.r.-rpj<*<--ii • Kjan*,' ¦ •• •-¦K^ - i7 H "*: wR: • )' : " s
.("GVneVsi.-K^ecfrir;. r" 'z^p.. .i*Jii '?4*' .yy'i;. -,
.• o Intr»2«t".'rcTi] '.i/anef i; ..'.".'» :-.-..:* : ;,-. .^ -' : - Tl !' .
j-Ixiter.-t! I '.i-pr.- * jtM . ' .• yfO. • . j;2. . ¦ "C2i •' ¦.-•'2: --
.Interni?loi"r.l .fiirfp. 'V*": .'< ¦ . '. . }tr- . .', .'..' : a.1.Vi;
InVrr.il fl»mv .nf '}:";.-' If-t ft .-.• •"-+• > --'Jo- % ,
[*IC8*ionir K':Tii"irf:-.°. ::* <oo- 'J°?r*u -'r t y*,$ <"::r» t *.
Natronai;* I'rr.'. .><;•. .¦" : .T*«'" .1^-- 12-' "- - r ":l5' 1
.KVy-tW Am/rtcaifAv -.-nri)' ?;•, j' s '?u .'. ¦««•->
Pacific .y*i!i... "¦'•... I -4f/> /w.' is* •.^••nrix
people* f-^.8V_-.J'.-: . ,>.r? i »»" -fa -"."fMi; vo^'V
-Prftsr'l 'P.t^i fari.-. . j'7^0 c 3";!^ •. .-J2 " -.53-V..
PressM'.J" Carj^M' "-..*. -V • * ~ - i- 74V.
PuUrnJiif-Pslftce Cer •• f-yV -2C« •:• 2<fa " ¦ 2Q0. .•
•¦.Ti^Tiu'bll^-'preel ..,.:,.: ,.fO« " <m • ' •!)*
Hr*i>iM'r HtVJ.T 1^.,. IW?lJv fi-t VI •'•'r.'oii;-- Jwr: '
¦RDtftaer Ppo«i8: ... .-.-.. »-ia« * MTi'.- - . 1,4*4 * : '*"4U : i
"utber *>.rM* pYd"..'r t V..- .'.'.•. -"JR. '
f«rTn< Co'-' & Iron;.. 4 HW**- siii.'-; 3a% SVJ1»<
1: •*; father —»:.•-./.- l:7M . oi .7H •7" '* ffii
r "P Ii'j-f^^'fjfi"'.-.: ;.«00 # t7V4*"- 77 " tff '
,TT ¦ «•: rtvteer .'...*. . . . f . ...; r . *•* '.i ' . : • 10*
U K Rubber pfd . . .'- - *'. ¦ " - •. r. - * .'•;'. . -K 2fi •"
t «; fit^u-.* ;•.-.. r^nna . 1*7 •' -in"*;- 'rktt-
TT'.S'TKteeL bf *l .:.'... 44,»«>-. fi^ljj " .. rft^ . .*ni2
,\Vc»>tern.l>ion.. ,•;.!. .* 200 "M>4 ¦ Sf :' '-«or-i
• .Total :Mieis. . .". . .'74s. "Off uMa/es '¦ •' ;.*, •'.¦••,
: .0N'ITkn RAILltOADS !.6F : BAN^:FRA^ctsCX).
'• .^W .YORK, liebt..' 30. —"United niqllroirts. n t
Siin Fra,hcl»co bond*. trarfFactfbns — 11/000"' at
¦3)"4i10.0(;0 at 'O 1 i:.li),CC0 "at? 70%. - -.••.- .
'•-. • NEW'YORK'-CLOlSINa" BONn?S.' % '""
'¦V K'ref 2s t rer/.-.lOT-^l. Ji.x Uifl'4's... !»s i«
# U.K ref 2h cowp-.H*- Majrf'fon.goM 4s>102 -
U S SBT^.w-.v.JOSVi Mexican Cent 4s. 71*^
J.U fi 3s .coup.". v .'.103 0 Mex Cent lut'lnt. Jlfji
,' t; S new 4« reg.-.135' Ikllnn & Slh-4i.. U6V4.
I U S*new 4a ccfup.r35 Men "K & T 4s. - t .-. T>7V4"
J.JJ 8.o1«J'4b reg..:illVMo, K & T 2ds".*..'*77* .'
"O 8 old 4"«coup.*.112V4 Nat R Mex-corf4a. -75-*.
.•IT S 6s Teg-. ...."... lP2Vs li.Y U gen 3%b.. 0«^
1/ S 6s. coup 102V4 N'J C gen 5s.-..*,127^.
. Atchison-.gen *».^J>:»V, Ndr Pacific *4s... "101. U
.*U>.ison ad"J. 4a... 80%:/ Nor- Pacific. 3ss.-. 70.' '
Atlantic." Coast "4b. l»\ , Npr.&=W ,cdn«4s:/*W}%.
Bait & ;)hlo 4s... 101 % Or S-L 4s & parU Sh • •
Balt,/t.Ohlo 3« / 4«.-O:V4 Pa» conv 3V4s:.... 1)4%
Cefifof p* ">¦ ITa** Rcadfcp gen .4s. % 94V?'
CenfGa^lst Inc.. 70- 8.L & I .M*fcon5s.lH«t
Ch«« & Ohio'4H«'H>*'£ ft L &. aF fg 4e, S.O •'
Cluro & ,A"t 3%w.. 72" S'li Sowestn, lets.-'li.'. •".
C n Jfc y new 4s. »O'/i Seaboard A I. 4«£ 74Vi".
CM & S I* *en4ivlO4H.Bi>uthern*PacMs., 85>t
.' . havlhj.' arrived -too-.. late.' -for- .the "regular .trade.
! .There was.'. continued- firmness -In 'jnost descrip
•' tionS- ql- local 'stock; and-' although Tece.ipta- "were
5 .llberaX'- •yerythlhg« cleaned-, up.- at gqo.d -prJcesj
.1 .There we're" no'.fhangear in -Game,- recelpts.be-
•• Ing •J.ust- about sufficient to»satisfy fhe'demahd.
,; - •• POUliTIRY— Young : Turkeys;' 2(>@22c per Ib:
• • Ge'ese; . per.-"-, palii. $t -50<31 75:.- • Gosllh'gs; $2;
.. .E>.ucksy'fc5@,6 : per -dqzen for and .$<i$i<} 60 for
• iouiig; -Hens; $$@G. for" la?g^ "and"$4-50@5.56-!
" .for-emall:' young -Ropstersr^SigS-.SO? old. Roos-.
. ters, 54 .5C>@5;* Fryers^ $4@^ 5Q; -Broilers;. $3-'23
•@3 75forlarge."'and f2 50@3:fpr Small
1. ?V-25igI-5O.per "dir.e'n iof o!d--'a:nd # "*i:50@2.'for.'
. .Squabs. /¦¦'•¦ •¦^'.'. ••¦.:->••- .••*«•¦ •¦••-:••¦•. -• ••••-...;•
- .GAME— Rabbits. -.$1 -75'per dozen- for tTntton-"
-. -.tail; "$1-25 for ¦ brush:V Hare.. >1: 25@1 5f>- per
¦ • dozen I-'.-WlId; Doves; ,.$1 25 per dozen: tir- : .-• :
I ££v.J3iittcf,. Cheese u&nd^gg&z^
'..- BiUt'er. ,ei}g.ws. .incVeaalnjr^w'ekknirss: /Rtjic't*
•• • n*iglectinjr '. fr<?6hV.'(*rea?heFies'\fofy'the'eheaper:
!.¦ -storage-, and' Eastern -goods,' aftd- r i-are- n*p w \°o'
1. heiyjf.v.Cards-. were- senf' oiit' *>y ;*at .ie^st^ one.'
:^^^'^el'p\8-/bffc^««re'iare* heavy. "an* '\w\xilSii
large invoices from. Otegoni : The market' wile*'.
• e ?HiJ bu t. no v lower, '.with* holders ?qfTertng free
ly. iThe :rec«pts>ar.e -abotit • double thoge "at
' .thts'tlme; I3st.,yeais. : '. ¦¦•¦¦¦;!'•. i' : '' : )::•'. '-.•.•..-.?.• ;
': •••Tji<>r;..siuiatf,on 'in *Cgks : remaift's. as-.be*foi 5 e: t
¦ Steaks. pfflnS. ranch are*:moderate.ahd 'receipts
. are- stefed.II>' yporeasJ.ng-; htu..l>uj:ers'are\runrilrig-.
..on.>efor2Ke.gb<5ds > =--sa-, prices., do ;not 'sid'i'ance: . ', '-
. -..- :.Reeei.ptS'.w«T«» ; : ,.4t.,aiX) lbs— ButCef," 625' cases'
.. '-M' .-and.' 3.?*:lOO n Ib8 ;Cheesei*-' r-'V- ' r-.:;V . ¦•< •
(¦¦: . "BfJTXEft— .eyeamery.*' .* Z*'&g%)c .••.for.\'e"xtfa»,
arid. 2G?j'2S*c- -.for!. . Seconds; ¦:dairjv'-21-i524q:'
•j Butter, •n'^(f/'l()o:Vold : stbrage;'; 24®25c; Ea«K
' er6,*22#24c »r'4b: ¦'.-. ¦'•'-:>.¦ .'. '¦. ' "»: ¦'.•:• . --•••
,"• "•CHE^E^l;;c.Yp^,.spe*ial mild ¦n i V ( .12git2^ic.
. ;for.jthe,ieheral'-ir^h"anct-- 11551 i«4.p. fbr^' ib-w^r'.
'• ' 8rdde^.-.Y:O\i'ng; : AmerVa. .'13.34 4c;;'.,-Ea«terh;-i5SP
l.Ci-i .\Ve?fern.*14iei3c 'peiri'lb..': ¦ V-.. .- ¦ ?/.;;. ••;.- . "
;.: i.KGGSr^Raiich.v i;t,v.,.^]j'--:..fo"f. .large" white,
; selected. ahd.'.n2'u;0?7cf<v- ¦fulr'.-to'chpU'e;.' store:
' .ZSS^ti^c^toM. storage. ¦> 2'4gi(3c: ..Eastern. -21®^
: . # .VT*^c*.per .a6»n.;5-v; •.'.':.• : : "- '? ;•'' * ; ¦*'•• •'•".¦.¦ • '• i' '
'. ..rt*ll v -d'eFrrip,tl>>iis •ynd»r-'-thfsVhead: v wer«' i * <V in
r. amp.lf-.st:pv.U-''anH i prlre<»ijad..'bul.'-slign^viiiHs.-.
;; tlpfl-."SF}xc»pt" for, fa)icyj8«e<ll«*8" "jtaWe 1 , Graphs :
". -'jnure/ti '*ea'k, : .^theU - acrna.nd".:;/6r.'. Shipment ' b<Hnsr : ''
,; "i^3r ..Migiif.." and-^urfilfes :i-too" heavy. • for* ¦ <*he*
» .looal'marjc'et i"to" febporb..;* nUnevCfraTjeg'a-frlv'ea '
;.fi:f'f lyl sihd inietV'witS .15. ste«dy'.rfehjandi ut.s"ui!>
' :.t.a;in«d- \p.rico>.-*'.,.Th*> •demahd'.'fer. M^hins- pfidwe^ •'
V. np'v l.rnproveiTient.',-.o>*inV.'.tp' .tfle... c<),hMn-uoa..>ooV
•;;. ->\y«rt-h;vr> <• /JWa^fofiaJ •>&l^f..oT Nutmeg; -. : MeWn«:'
&¦ V'eW.re'p'Orted t*j -a .Eijialt yajr.'af'il' per-': box.-."
"i'-bii*... thV.4^i^'TVri..^f^:qiFfeTlnerrVf?J,>lfc: : *tKl'
t, -.oth*r.'\2iriertf"!:':c<)u!d:'.beybip^cht> -\Ki'tfiin*\ *thV
•ViKnted':Tiirr6«;; : «ni^-Som>..(}eaJers«*wVe s -olir v '. ¦".'-"¦
, ' IJ.ljf cal 1 ctimesEjnas^ in' p'i;di?f : \t<s !f.lca'i>'up.**.'j ; *lgj;'-.
. .3^n.l8,;;KctHegT*nafeji- :»nd ".Qulnces.'-'wer.e.-pf--'-'
.' :fertgff : i^eejy. ;. aiid'-.V^tMOd.'.t;"rb.6uf ¦> 1 asv : befoFe.'.
- -parka ges.-' were"-, jinctiafigfiiy .
;'. : ;b^^.4>plk^"itp<^vwa«;;a.wt^.prm<fl^-*i - cannei'a-'
'. . w>re ;^)qrcKasir.K:' rHore.-.frVftIy.:th'aTi: on ' the. •pi'*-"
.. 't*arng llajf.V -Flffe* B&rt!el-t'. : : Rean« ;we*rjf; in" #oori-"'
: .. j i !ejnaad."ar.d:.som'j».ex.Ciaf.' fahcy.--'st6cl(:.S'-Tld'.- in*:a- 1
,;t;pnl8 1\; way-'uo7;t.o? fa. : :.75!-;ne.r*. bp'.v.'.vi^pulea.-'w.ere* 1
•- ini^'freeisirijply.'-.partlijularl^* t : ountV"
~>Ft6c.K. ''.jjriijt, ;f alicjj • -weli'packed *..afr.Srirtg8.» :-the.t' I
V-.>i,th; a v?}e]a.'dy -Ih^uity; FJIne'Sfiv^'stetns :a.n^- i
j- -¦^pli°;(h'lie«i;s.''rradl)y".cbni.Rtanc}ed-. .tii^'.-maxTmufn;'
', 3tifti'taV.!Qni' wriile.YAhcy. I^ffflfj.weref.rriov'ed'-frfely,'
.' fte f fjpf 25" per' .^x. ,'-"<":.fcoim«ih t -.'-\iVif : m'y'.'Apj)Ve.'^
•'• : .vc;*f e-; (luJJ.-^-.wJth^'-ptojck.s.^aVDilln-ulatlnjf..." 1 -CHrus,'
¦' :ahd--.^rbp:.( i *al*ffTJli^ r "'had'-no.' > .quot^>6ie t '.cR^hge; '
. ¦ Xh'o-'-I'flTiania' .stfrfrnet;: BHotfgl)f.''u'p"334 .¦ck's'ea 0} •
;. "irtki^ah. "L^Ti/'s.-.-'Vh.JcK'.'hbrf- npV-^eeji' Mat-k"e$eu.'
: : aB'ttt.-a".lat«''ljour.'» •.¦'.'¦ .i. ••¦<''?- '•'''' ". •-. : .'l °< c- ¦'..¦-.
, .. ;nie;ijtTS£v4yfp£ Berries;wa's'.JBlack.^A'a'...th:e - :
't nght' 1 .r«^Tpt*;JMi5jtrJawpe!rrie*.ajjd«it58Jpbei+i"(ij.'
;; ¦ftt6yed'-jfex*ies},v& ;fiurjnui»i>Cptki of -tfje. : 1a'tt«r- : ;
.mtnlmuin" qlio't°alf»ni"]
• -vhy'e'i peye"«l -^Ihtsi* "pf yyre.'^pldl
,' ?l:'.5O. pcr.icBest.- .' H.uc'Mfo.e.ryiea;!
•¦•vCpir^.'^tcfwly'and'..' t-'rantterriifcs '.' cjver'e l >Hio'vJng :
y'fj-e."h' •¦ v'*« \' *i * ° Z : °\\
¦ -"^TitA,VvKlJKl<Jja^*»a©i»- Ker.--;chest-.'f.6r"ila
¦ *lltidaH. v --a;'*- fj.^dor-fo.r:': otfief.' la^?- var'fti'tie^:-.!
" *^A3J?B^Rfegi^."JCffl^-3Her % cW!-r •„ •. : .-.1
• .::'^J¦^x^ ).¦H6.K.^>;a+l;l•Es¦^.(i(|I8i:¦.•p.e^.>p¦: :•¦:•;, ¦'.. : \
: :;KCRVlMRK8jpH5Sff*Capfe; 'Cod;'.* $n. ner '.bbT. ."•.•-'•
;'iV r l ! i' > IiKS^W', i 5?ri!5rp,er.":B<Mt twtafCcy J '.6Q&'
¦¦ ,S^/f'j.p.-.Ea*Ji.'fcy.cno^.tt 'and'lKiJl.'Jc. Tor^ '•comi-'
• n» n . ; • '..*'«* >' *.-"". *. ; ¦ . • . ••• "°" : • ' * :'•• '••'. :" { •;¦ •*¦• * -'• . r '•'- *
•..ipkXRS^UartJ^tt.^ ;'.J.1'5j K"50> : -wiht^V.'A'atSei
*i=. ! ?Xv'r'^f'"vV^DflE.-:lV5jL'-Cor *corhmf?n*. < a»LJ:;^-l ofrai
.••¦\viar-.r;VisJe 1 nis.;:-v,;'.:..:.°., •.?=?•.•;•¦: "-.'V •'"''•' •'
V*'«Ulf<< ; K^ T^!.W.->f<-. tit boij.- '-,-• ¦; •"';- .;•-•'
• .VW. oa - bl^ck...4f^7-.5c^f^r:dQabTe;j'ay«rhi. ;2.-^- :
¦ n^'Wif, Sra'weiis-: Jin^ v^cSiS'l" •. f«r'- • targe"! 8ox.es,;
. ;fi'cim- tb.e?.T"fv«'"SWldt.*';^*3JD0c;p^.*^f^V ? ~i;'*, : J
¦>1 ; •3-^U"NKt*V* t %V'r.*r«rVbb\5 orV^ratt,:,-.'.V,'-i-' .
; .'•'f'E'A'ci.If^^.SfoaUr^xe^si.rr.rife.a^'':. veareie'rs'.
• ':4c;tg}:fy!. yirrgeV ripen ;b.05P> J <.*>(*<gtT. 1 Ver\pet. tj6ftv;|2i/
¦.'•>.tiJr'-'JrA'sttm**'.' .-Vs-.' . -'•;';.'••'": •'•¦»'¦¦*: -•• '•.'.' "• v.-"- '^ : V'
i. :'P^M : EG-HXNXTESi^50^^rS:'.. for gmiir-.bpx-iV
";.''ah«ir$^'. 1 '0'tt2,:for.:ljrg'e. v'"-" '. .i" -• '•* / ¦ •••' # Vv
• " •-.-.ORA : PCg'-^?e^itess;.f?»(575f < 't>er.i)Ox: .•TsAb'etla/.i
•' 'rr^Wc.- p<i:'r. v .crai.'i; vpfh/r.:, WiatU» I S.80fef04CllIBy.i
r : jK.rTiatr.ibpxfsT'.* 4»<5«pe--. 5 tor Vc'rates. -Hnd y^PS^'o-.
,'fijr f'lafBV: - Qr^n'. ! r,Uox.V8;. ;\vTme.-iiGiap'ei?,- «20*}2u':;
; .•p'er.-f..n.jr( J;.:Z4nfiiTvlei;'flSS-iO .for;J*Ii«!li)n- aTxli- :
¦- .-•'¦:•. - ! •• ;¦_¦-'-•¦.•;:• .'i •• v' : ''-i :V
;. •.•:SlI-4-iJ.5>;!f^.Calii(alct)ift'.». 0 *jei'^ft 'IMrvcraJe;
' 'Xtfvfae* ; :Me4DaV/4"(K37:>'t, p*;r"bbxo;- I 'alc«h^}on9.'°
•••:;. ••.;... 8 -.;- -..,.- '.- V -?:¦:¦;- .'¦'• :; ::-'.v
X¦CJ?r^0^•:KIU %^T. u <--O^8¦n"Be¦s:*2¦TlC®^•..to^.•.fOT^
! tV i\ ji.feAfcMcV. .•>>» 2; :i<V 0 f^r ••-iKolce ••¦^n<J *4 Q 1 ?5o
' !fjir ..»tina)iJrd;.SeSliin«raL^t0l'2»;' C/JnoBs^ ?l-«f
'..'*$£ ser J-bi^,:-- -'CV-jji'e* "'Kx-uit'. *f8J9ST'5u; "Iftx^an"
-bithvs;.;; ?.(> ,">ti«iT:?i():;irananas,; $ ligZ' p elr..Jfauxfch •.{=
" I i'jii'eflipp&ffe Hff& jic r .\ioVn-;- * e « ; '; - ;.'.}. ' • . 4 v ;
:Dticfr'fcfuif£,
¦ *.• •:/ Tuttes -yr-e t'lio! ¦|»rfd'ln^?2lescrtptlo*ij-.'ji«w"' «n.rf:-.
•' K r !i>!.fr**' a r.d : - takers -.'jKith.:". are -firm '
••¦7Vu.vicB ; s ;f/5ni'JviVw. Tbrji pepdrti inertasjne flwi-'
¦nj.'Hsr.o^i. ioo'ee •interrsf* th/re.' • *'.;° • .'¦¦'••:••
.'! r..fJEW .liatLUT^Aprfcots. <.7S9Hq; for ••Roy'ifs.
. c'(rn<L'9j| 1 1 lector AJ : o'orr? : rks ; Evapor^tWiApples.-
J5ftW; ;Pc^che<.-'i5;,e7c.:. "I?ear;,» :.5^9c^.«e £ v"
ftarfee*-. f<j4»*\v.Jef -. Wjifte: : Kr»». • nhjte,-- 4'.j«#
i.4^<ft'-l5f bcficesr.'tJiuin's ./••pitted, .507t .iiepl.to.-: . '
(.. - I'KU'NEi?— TJX/f crop. °2^®3c 'Kr' tKe ftour.
' here's; -;;1 902. .•crf i vr'.4s^2?4.* 'for th>* fcuri sjz-es.'.i
F '¦•RA.I.Sl.-MH— .Fqllpwi^Ui ase ibpejiing prices ifcee
t.ori Boefrd- .tio TXisnrtitjti shipping uofntaV: JLthp-eTJaJ'.
[icl lister*. .$»'! nefr'. 2(!-lbi box ; LXetiesa" *<flu«te.rs,' |
l-W Ijfti^fliljtfy ctiist - er3.. > «2:.3-opo^rf'L<:nden.Vff>v.,
.'.'ersl.Jl 5. r ;j- "2-ia'o«n tljpnvfon Layern. ,'HMJ}.}- :
' t."'<n'iiwn VstandaiM '• loose Musfcareis,. . t *i% @\c '.per ''
• f'ib'; •«-W0ff^; .svHniJar^: loose". MiOsearMsi • *S^j ©
1 W W<*'J. C-cno'wn-i'Ataadird". '-llusctitfl*:!..«Jf90!»c-;
:!_ Kee4'!fsss -M-us^atieTs, ; -'Be: Ceadlesn Vuvatel's*, J
' '/ftba^dt .3.*lc; Heeiate.ss, jBt.».n'daVd.'*Sulta't\p^. :5c;",
i'~homiisori" - See<J.!ess,. Etanda'rd,. Up.; VThp/.folftjw- ;
WnjC>jriyotAU{>n»"-joiv seeded 'are*'; for "a .Tlmlfed'
I .Kjudnit'ijj' only: ? \'Vanfy',..\*> oHnc»s -pet : Itf, .~*ic;-.'
f,fatt»y,vl2-jifurice'»:p«r i>ackjf««, jffV»c;-cJio'ice;'-lti."
'i 1 ijjJric^s>rer.'lb > 7 %c;. choice, -13; olin<j2es peh pifk-j
.'/agv./'. 6V;c; 'fancy^ -birlJt.-' p^f -IB, .-r!iV;i : cho'ice, !
'c-t)Mi\c. ver.-.ih,: i^,c . * :.- .-*..' .• :• - .- •- .'.: • ; -,. -•¦I
f : •NU > Tls4 L 5\:aln)rts v - NfT. 1 Voftsfreli. . |»U«; Ko. j
'.^-"lOUcC-No; t -.hardshell," 12c; -,' N<5. C;-:'Kta»j
'I "ijlnlorios, Uc fbr'.N6Bpariels,*l(}i4e.4a'r I X Ii,-»,
l.lOH'c K>r : !V> PJus yitrtfs'.&n)l 8|Jc .frfr.'ilan*ue;'l
"' dhif.f "fiearVuts. U(ffJcfer Easterji; •-•Pe«ins:- 11©:-
Lj3c; *C-Oj;otf.nuttC.-'*4 r>O05..- - : ? 1". :'• ', ¦ °"\
t >.H..OSEl'V^Coji]^."nev; 12V3igi5%< fcr; w.hlie .
-ffif yjmbep;" hpw ".water '-w Hke t px.- i
.%tr.ij-c*edv. -0'%?i<ifeC; Us^i't -ajnber-e7trabted,...5c;'!
L-dark" MjQ jHe/ '¦ •• "• ¦'.. - • '. * -: • :: •'• i\
t .. BKES>yAX-f2.TC2?<>:.Dir }b. : ~ ¦..' .;.'• .; "•
t@i ::.:fe ; --: ?&$#*&&: J v •§ ;: ; ! ; |
1 •' .Chloilgo-'wa»v Iji^er -iipafn] and without rrew ;
, -tttiwrf-f* .--'TJil^ •¦iwarket'..wa's 4vw v t ajjdr-'ijl'n-':
:'e hanged/ '• '•;•-. ••¦• • •; •', •< • ' t • •.:., .t
. Ct6t:p".MEATS^.'Dacon....i'2Wlc;rer'.lb. f«r '
¦.be'a.Vy^.iac-fcjF^aigh-t'meaiuni.i.lSc .tor .lWhjt,..
' •l.KV; 0 t%"r:cxt(a. right. i7%c"fqr* gu^arrWTod.aml-J
•l^-ijc • rbi»r extj»," ?l«»ra i r~ciip«d'; 'Ea < st» > iji'''su^a.r.- -j
I cured .'.Hams;- W^®15yi«: ! C*alifornJa..H*m>, - 15s
«f.l5«c; Hess ."Beef.: $'M -50. per pbl;'-yxtrt( Me*s. f
¦ 'JtlimS B«: - «"ajntty» 50i Jp&mt -M;ess:
vP^KitJl^;. extr^- Clear, $J5: • iless. : $2.0; "Dry
Salfed-; P-fk, l2%c: PJg *Pdyt, $38i -Pigs. 1 Feet?"
' -fir 25-. ' Sitiokeji IJeef;- 15c "pe.r lb.*..; ' •• v -- '.*V '
• »« L*VRD.Vne>'ce.s. -.quoted !at. "7.%^ Str'-'lb^for;
cenipduhd» and" Wi4@lU7ic.'for 5P.ur3V"half':B*r
! "r<;lK;'.pure. .1K/.>1V 4 c: lo-lf. tjps, ' jlr'-i^U^c;
' '*-l6.\tlrfs.- fl.%c';*.3-lb...'tins;.- l}%e: . • '• : - . ' ui
• J.-COXT^LEXlL.i— OiysJ-hall' "barJWj;- tr%t;- yifcee.
. *'fialf : bar/«Jls/-jJVi'c.; oh'e tierce.. a%c; two"tlerces-r
•yVicV.nve Jlier«6s; : tf#c -per n>f '; .* .''[.. : •** "•"
/Midx's^: tSouf}ijVqbfah'd, 'H'eps^
•'.••IUDES'.ANJ?.*. 1 SKI?lS— CuMl's.an-a brands s?H
¦*aboUf" 1H«* under '(Jyo^atlops. »' -IJ^ary- Salted
•• Hteers" ;»%<•;.• .medium.- S*%c; . Il'ghl.*. JsC;- .gow
'¦ riides; Sc- for .heavy 5*c *fo"r-.llg4jU Stags. -,'
; .6c; ? NSa1t'ett Kip,.' S'Hc.;-. Sa4ted... Year. OHfc; t
•palteij C»lft"*0ct4ry Hides.- J5S15^c;dry. Kip. '
• We; dVy "Oal.f. 17c; SH"fepsklns.-Hh"jar!inSs. 25^!
' •30c'"e^ch; ihort "wocj. •iOtiSOc each; medium^ .70 f
, l&^Cc: long Wijol; $l$U\GO -each: • KidtV, ;
, eaU. >2-75' foi* lar^e ajjd^2®2 50- !nr ibtdftani.'C
. '$l.Zo®l »5.for Bmall..and 50c. fgr; Colts; Jlorse
Hides, 'dry.*$r^5 foB larce and 4i 50 (or me- :
\dtu"nv- $1®1- 25, for small . and 50c 'for -CoH». t
Buck i Skins — Dry. Mexican; •32%c; dry. salted;
•"Mexican, I'CG.'./'dry Central .American;". 32%c.. I
.'Ck'.at Skins— Prime-. A5Kriraa.;75c> "targe .ana I
' smpoth* 50t»; medi\im". 35c: •small STC'c-. : ".••• • I
1 TALLO\V-*-No. \ 'rendered; 4VM»4*tic*per lb*; I
. No^ 2. 4#4Ke;"Kr/a*e. 2%©.%. •-.'** '
s WOOL— Fall cljr>V-San. Joaqpln Lamb.<."-f)@ I
, 12jj{ Foothnf,..10«12c: Middle County.* 11® ulc, ,'
Quota'tlo'ns-'foV'- spring elip -are ss^follosCs: j
'•Humboldt- and "Mendoolno.- lS®20c; Nevadai f 13i
:@15c: V^i.Uey"(i)rfegori (s nne. JSffinc,-do. medium. |
"17ii<lHc^.<if>, coars.e. 16®17c per.lb. «*. ' *•- I
,|* -H'OPg— 22S2oe per ib" for California", and l'Ji
T.@20c. for. Oregon. '".. . . .-''«.¦ •' ¦ f
: '¦, : '' L'Kf cat: Market'. .:. •'. '•••"•I
-•-.:•• ' '-'. • — -' •'•• •'•.•*•¦¦'•¦.*!
' • -The market- *«hows nfr 'further c.hang*e; - the ;
'demand and supply About balancing. .: •..'-*)
. ¦¦' . • • p'resSeij meats; •.'¦.•..;'
¦VVhoIe'sa>e rat'ei from sldughrteteri". to. dea'lers
*are"»« fdiloVs: ' : '• '••
-•' BE-EF— U®7c -for. Steers: and C®6«4c perlb'
•for'Cow*.' :.': ¦' ' . * • • ' •
" •'.•VEAtf---La.Bge t s . eJ/ifi^c;.. itnaU. ;fc£r<0c * per I
•T)OUncl." •••'.• -. '• ' ; ' ' . :. ¦ j
••MU.TtpN^- yrttbtri.' 7*i®8c: "*EW.«s; r 7©7%o !
"•per p'ouad. • • . ". **'¦•• ¦" r, '.' •'.•.•' i
.' -J-!.AAfBV-9@lCrc per jsound. .' •-."•• I J
"• KORK=^-Dres>efd. Hobb. 8%©0Vte i^V poundj
-.". ". ...L*y-ESTOC«; MARKET, j. *." 1
* "the frtlowlTjg-quotatlons* are fotr geo 3 d,".8ound!
Livestock-. dej!ver?d fh San FrkricUeo. less 50
•pef cent • shrinkage fty* Cattle: .-.•'.• -.•'", •
: . .CA-TTliE— Steers.' Nif9o.VCoWa*and -Heifer*,
J7C'8c* thjn Cows," 4'05c per pout\d. ». .",.
:* CAJL,VK$— 4g5%c! p«r pound (gross /w«ght):
--.*JHKEP- V^'ethers. 3*4«3Jic; .*Ewes. 3®3^c
¦penpoun'd fjerosn weight): ¦ . ¦:- * ,. - '¦ • ¦
' -LAMBS — ja*"5®3 j?er head.",- *¦": .- •
. ; ..HOG.a-^Llve .Hoes, X50 <j.o 250' l^s! 5«c: jindsr {
¦ : ..... . . , ..... .. ..
I. oral Bank Clearings gtim£$j§C^ v^; v £*. .-:.^'r'.; ;
Another break in the Nczv Y'-ar;k\tc>ck market. . '."'
Continued iuactivityjn local-stocks mid Bonds. : :. .>:.::.'•-• y '
Silver and ExcJiahgc rates abbut;as before. . _ . : . .-: '. .'• ;,"••/
Wheat and Barley quiet at abottt] previous prices.'-'... '¦ .'.',-.
(lets, Corn and Rye quiet and featureless. . ..- \~t •' - J ' •• v :
Hay and F ccd stuff sdvorfcftig around into firmer, condition!" '.'
Lima Beans lower. OtJt^Mc^eup-ttoii^.^
Butter aceumulating^rit$dca1crs}pWmii&
Eggs steady. Chc<?&jftifirkr$y6irM f
Prunes in good dewgnyf/^vfOyjiu^reasi^^U^
Provisions lov-cr at Chicago and gutcl.h'czc*.' ' ' ¦ '• :' '.. ' V
Cattle, Sheep mid Hogs unchanged. \ .' •' Yi '-. " "" ' .' '' '; •" "' * : : •
Poultry and Gamc-ir, t''. <r^ip^ ii^j^^^^|^r.tt :^^SH^^^ : - ; -; ":"- 2 : : i '"¦•-^•.'-V-r": ">.'
Very little varlitjon in Potatoes,- Onions, cu'id Vegetables/- -." '° ;. :> -
Fresh Fruits iw fire supply^ with fezu elumgc-J. '.**"."- - ,
SUMMAK¥:6F:T&&iMtiKEF&
| ; 15d #: lbs-."5%(55*ic;.Sows. 20-percent offrBoars.
1 »&*««¦ /*nd. Stags;. 40 per cent oft from
' titodve" 'quotations;- . • •»•,'•_'/' * ¦»•¦-'"-•"•¦'• ;-V
I" • .¦--.•• ." -¦...¦-¦-".'•; • .'¦¦. ¦ .*..'... ;*.* , t ••¦*¦ **•• •;'•!
]" : >. ¦' rG(fne0'McrchQndi^^ :% [;:: t
f V BAJDS^Graifi •«ags. ¦' >«ff.5^c : : San ; Quentln.x
• : BL85c'.:-Vy<>oLBags;-. 32@3l5c-;. yieec;e.:.Tw.lnfe,-7H..
IJOSezi Co«'on-'Fruit;Bags; .6'.ie;-6*4c £&£*$
Kfor -the.-. thre*-..grade S ;.;,Bro*rt;--Jute^ '*»&£>£'.
¦'¦ .-COAL— We'llPStop. $K' P«r. tpn;.Ne* .5).*!-'
jirigton. .*|6 g|SgMg>
.ver'iliH. *5.6(K Btanfiord.. Uf-'A^S^ifltm^
Bay -,.«5 50f.- .'Gre^a. r -?e;-.Wansend.;$« r.vRicft
¦rnond:'.- $7'-50>. *TCumberland:.: -..$13 in" bulk .and
4W.25 • in'.sacks:-. Welsh; Anthracite ".Egg 51J-,
Lu-rap. :$.li-,5P;^Cani>el--JS-5O peY -tan.-.
!;Cok.e-- $11 J5O013 --3fer ton -In" jMiHf and •.?15.tu.
i sacks.:' Rocky-.MounfalriSdescriptlons^.lS 45 prr.
I SOCV'jbs -ahd 4** : .'>P *er • ton/accordlhg • jo- .brjind: •
i i OIL^— LinaVj d". '.40x:'. tor 1 Utiired"a-ni* -4 » c .(or- .raw. J
!'!n-.b:ar.rel*;» cases, 6c" more: Cartor ,011V .W cases.-:
I Na..f i;» 70c:". t^kert 1 - AX. %f .10©l -12;:.Lucol. 41o
:.for"boHed ihC*42e for- raw-rn. b3irte!S;-Lard Oil...
j,eTttra. winter: strafriod/fKa/refe./iJOc 1 .^Rsef. .WS ;
I China 'Kiit '••&5©70d.,petgaftoh; : -fure.>'eatsf.opt, 1
l-ihbarrer«;.;J5cr- .-cases;. xOcjfcpexm.'-.pu-re./Ws-^J
I ,Whal&'6ir.rnaJtural^wWfe,-T>O^55c^per .gallon v
\;Flkh Oil.'in ljarrels.':45c-; cifses.'50c"-;.:Cocoanut
}• Oil; |n b%rreIlL 58p'.f or C.e>-leh ; arid' 55<r-f or '.AUs--;
{-.JraTJaii; ;»••-¦ J -'•;¦ • -iV *.:^'.. •*¦ .--. .;.V.'S.-"-" -: -"-'" ;
!v *:G0AL;VOfL?f,Waterr WKfte. 'Coat; pjl,"ln: bulk; ;
H.-14HC: =.Peafl- '-'Clir: (n %: c*sn8> 2le-;-.Akralj:.2Lcy: |
'stur; ?Tcr'Ex.'ra Stin'SSil piiUn^^aiej.JErpjcenfjJ
! ?24c(' debdcft-izf <i • Bfovf* -.Gasoline;'- trr"-.bijlk. ;t»«- ! .
; ; ln i ca»eB.-rt>4.c;*,B'anzi n e; i n bulk>i*c: in .ca^et., |
!'}f" / 4c^°. SIV.desree-. Oasollne,'. Iri^/Jauik-.-^ltfr ».n : ,
krases;^2>^c.r :i:Vv &;^>V->-v,C : ' --^^'i!
[:. ..¦..Ty^PKNlTtNi^-ftOc; per-.kalion* In: cas?s .and;/
1';"4cVJn'.driim« Srhd^troh -barreisA • *¦•• :'¦•*%.".*"*>."•]
• '-^REIVANp. 'WHITiS iEATJrrR** Liad; .«U@1'.
:.riuantl.jy;"';- ;,;\:;.' .'.¦:; v ;'; r > ; :K' : '.-'-- 'J-^l':'i'.?.i
b^'ftlC^^'tB^V^^I^S^^^^V.-NOt^Ti:!
!.$5. Tofga flO-iextra'iNo^ lvW-KM^B:^ Hawaiian,.;
; f.V25t -Japan.) J5 4.^« : .'LoMisii»na ; ..'$f : 50@.7iV:'i
-vj •SrXT.AU.-rfThe- ->Aiest?rjl '-Sugal"' ReflnlngVCom-v
:-.pany ; ;iiuotes "ai?.tolln.ws, pe.rV-lbVi.-fn. "iooifb-jftags^f
ftu"b«. i A-.-CrU8.hied': atid- -F.ine ' Crushed. j -S-.VH: if
6rjCni2raied > ,"hpeJ*5.}i0c?!i)rJ : .(Jr.a'nu'Iatcd:- cwkhie; •
5c»:Pc:'.Fnjlt\CJr'ar;ulatVy!; : ;5^(^;-B«tt- : -G'r*nulate<t
XlOQrHJ baj»i.:/tiry)/r^ ?i- Cohfectlgnefs'; A.->.<>0c :v
;-Jiagn6Jla:^V/-'5;2Oc;;-.Exfrrt^»";.' ; ;.:i<»'*-::- : < ; r>raen%^; !
p.;5cF.::"':t»^* ' ¦4.t*CVc;- 'b.ijrrJRlsj^ipc;- Dior?; 'h«i{t /**'-'¦•;
' I rel's'" :; 2.V.- more ; ;-:-bvx*.s.j"-SOc.'*'ii"Qre i : ¦ 50- Ib^"toaw,*
iJOc'ihor'e ttpr'al) -kfji.^: * Tft B.lets^ Half . t|arr.»;a.'v
u.6.*i&c.;-;bt)xes;'^i:35c:". p>r^4b v ;:'N:o."o'rder a .tak)Jn " for'
*-V' £oR^E^NEJ;iiAY/\S^
s FiwV- qi: v'sk S ¦'.'¦ 1-- -VM fjj- Sflraw.: to.H> ?-:'": .V$~'' V <1 <K-V
: - i \Vhyat';--'rj:f»">J/r"r\ivS5tKH«P»>*J^e^L:v::V' : '-:4«-V t
••'BarteyJ' ctli- ;.;-.'»'-i.- "iy.esO-.V'of.-O^HlP.s'vi .•'.'. .".>:.1 P<T
i fV» W. : ctX"-..', r>;^e-- : •:W')9''-T.a. 1 .io,w":.: -f t li..'.\ V : •• •,¦ 2ii.V.i
;^at»8;'t-«k»^Vi.^/2V3^iP>it^^i^;:i^v>'SV227»: !
••¦Pot*tBrt;-'«>k8i':-^V.J;/)^i!Vflyrt*(5..lN»^^-/ki3P^-y
vOnfp'rfs.r-Bi«s' ..I :,--;, -2ft^'.«.ugar.;-2ril5- -i.-VV-;2.25<> >:
Bran"/ -nkV I'-H'J." :¦*. "1.10.T i>dt He'r. ' pfifls-:-. Y ; ;\ " . ftfei
*M>dtlfliig*: rskjt-. •;.¦•_ " -1 OTvVia H»r-' .".: -.-/.' "41:90t» j
": HayV-.^onij: ;>•>..- ¦•:5Cl,Jjraml\v,g»S :':-."--l.-25.'>\
'••-"-¦¦ iV : ;: /'¦; - ; ' > '."iORHGO-V'. %yfi\ '^"V- jC^'f-i V
FfddfTvn^ 'Bts.:i^l0;.(i9d',B^ah'V ; 8ksV!i< >%-".> 3.ft40 ''- ;
r\V.h*atW*cfl8 'i .'.¦ :'¦ ¦ sV. v 405 -Flaisf fdt .Vica-.'.'":-: '1-.36O !.
: -?5;0^:-=:t; V;-^^:-'!::/.,;^ I
'^¦vv'^ ; :^^:"^)f : ::^M
STOCK MARKET
' ii TVMtii ith h e .'ex'c^r'tion; : -a";.f urthlert>fid va jjwe^ jifi'J
.! Hom« : • Q II :16a $1. .40 "t fieie. ; wprft I>hp Tii6tftW0T tiiy*-'|.
: .flildtu]a > t!«hv.-qk^/e;jnora < n^ : 5es!!Jpn;4 :^^-th^e«''-T:
•.^URfrres^ wls tejyjigfti.'on jJS»" JfohcJ; |
;3»xehanKe.*r.d"--the" pH-; st^ks>jv.ere 'In^ki^ctedv •:.; J
•" ; £bnsiilet'a61y::L
. *B trAn^fr.^se.Ulije.'a^'? KipigiK-. 25X ' " ¦' ;. >'.; : Y. ¦¦¦v-* : V:. I.
';t*.A<«a>Kfl.ln«.-jSof;t^wi#pi^B^^r-iTOfcfijt t >e : NW»w-i
'pa>Me,rrt in-"f «-T • must v.l>e .jnade ihef.6re-"3 "¦ i>;; ni; I
. ;oAi4y..V^rhe •re^uljfi- -.qtiJVterty-idiyTdV'nii: oQU
• r^r-?" 31 "^ 3" ..the-"2t>.1Xjf) .ftnarfes.c/>f .:<5ld r^jtoclc'H'
•also pj»ya61e.--,f<>icfe». Th^ re^iilar'rfWe^ljme-l.
¦ais;Me*nil "ls.'pn'Pct(*>^:J.5,.''Vaf l Ut\was,]*9.UKht'^
•bewi .•,to< 9Bent.ic iDa t «¦'' {Kf VB* y Yrir- n &. t H i*: r time ?4» 1
°8»t>ld. o.prifvpfofi; b o ejveeri^'.th<» ¦.'two;- > 1>?uers ;: Sjf : '
.. f*areK-..^he-5iVfdp.n* 8?/n5;^vaisfe"only pntith«'"r
..o*4.^ |^nN?V^R|C'^^i)mUft'ftrtt>f$^vf^(i&:*tb#l
!<ftJ\id*»nd.-VlH f«» 1!*^-ft*;thi9>ii*w5
¦t©{ki-.r>n;a'n;d;.:;af5pr..li.a^Wy^f1n;eVA'.">C- :^»3
"fftpclC andnjohd .Exjcha:nffe:-.«1ll --aieMn '.the i ne»w : I
:yoyji. :^v>^^<*.^y.;^^:-f^^.v^ ; .Aj
' "'^'-/'j ; V Y^'Sept; : ;Grti-2*^ "rn-!; i'. ; : !
i • '•' •*." : '.v : '. ;t" .s-fA«xie;s.' bo* Bs • ¦'¦• -''¦ £"i -/ ' *¦-
'.>; ¦: ¦: ''--"; -• > .•.'*i*^«v-.j"-^: >« v3lc^ .'? Biiij^k^
•.is.-^/r^^^:^^:;:.:-^; 44fear:;c iwftHV^i.;.:
•^4s.- Srr ; '..c6yp-.-:v=^i :. .—= •-.»3s?iqr.V<gi^.-. I00?:.:t00* t ¦
I" '!/'•."• *•-"'"'¦ ¦*! fscr -ELtiA ?; e6x ; s ; Bixsv?}'. -f •¦-¦•' - : •• *=l
!;-Ala.iV,TV.758A^/ ;^;v -
L:«»>* 'CifeiV.'lfl* .ICe/?-. vM'o-conLJsr: iO3i^lO5'' •]
fi^al O. &V .R- K-V.' •,••; • . >.- f jfce;artlc- S'Ss^TS-- i^-' • > I
1 * /til. &'.'.j t t*,58.C:Tr:.' -lCS-'s <W,:c': R- v» ,'•' .ii'i'; : ; !
¦ JpA >u; &-?»; 6S..125; vl^ec; >r-^ -ri/iHV&u ¦ v^-^ : vi • • '
j. >*•*¦ : e-H;Rs: : V^-.-
, t}?ary-»tv &s.l."iO ;. S."»'. w 'Po.weiNst.^s:-^ V^ -V'
!:^rV' t & •^•¦" tepi}*'! :;_,--¦•?>«' '
(i»C &*S-rmrUM(.'vl- : . *Ki&'*.,SJ(V. 6f,W -C-'O' 1 !'
j JIo.B b 'R °.T. OB.-JOfi'u' r.;.;;-.;<;V- R:of ;C«S*l««^Si3
IV?VA.°.Eleo ¦fs. v --->t05.-"1.S : -J*. 6f ;^A~.C» - V :/•:¦¦.:.'•
|.j~:-a» «S?fii.uBw<^ Kpfijo) !&+\*£-<hi>tmpl
L" : J>o. k«U:<:!c 3 -^ •'— • a.r-ofvo. e s . -'..:-• ••<¦-*.' J
I S--oDo-.-*td; 5s..^,'.» : i- 5 •• .MlJH'SVfSrvA.--^ 1 -^ ;V;j
r -I^A P. lent 5s.l««) . 10*3 " . . <tnO5>Sr\B. 10.TV:-. ,i
: JilktUt .<"! &.41** .'^-, '. :-,;O!H-*>>/. rl •,.-•— •.'¦ "-i^ U !
: \' ¦.!><> "lcm 5s. .^ *wr • ". '<KJl2r. .".'..• '.-^ - : ;V£--.-.;
:-NFfR of. c; «s.'ioe«4 ppci'c's r*.
' KRO nfjC'JTB. .4-' ;-^-~ i f)o : «tnipa.lO7f£:?-» ,71
;<rc*r c n-5*...-^ . 109 ••• s;-p-.b •¦¦r-.«s'.*— •'.— M.'.i
¦ W.c" R"*5«. . T-->i;t. B V"'Wftt'*e» t vraBfe.i«fti : :i
ff r/p C 5j.100; # . : 10J-:|'" Jpo -ft 2d)n.l0iV-';uL_ •/.]
"N. S.*R fts.s.'HiO -j-?- I- Ito^irSdm.-OOVv -i ; .'
¦V/yr •i-/«:!isyv 1 '-'— •••P'**v«&'E e s us V'^-'-l
p:^T- 0 Co'^sr. . 3 — .-- isr*. ir & & Ef-us.--^- : I
•',*" . .** . .• WATER'. STOCKS. -.. •'•"•••V.j
' Contra C«na'.Bl*i -54 / FV..V WsV. s -St^-VU-- • !
. Marfti- Co :;-.fvl.-^7- •.•fSp .V W Ca^ -J2.. ' 42 : >-i"i
• Port- Cd6ta...-f ¦ -^-' I- ¦.- ». ¦••.•*.• ".. . ' .. iT.
•"...;•;.. -GAS -A/fb ELfcC?rr{IC. : . . '.^ .:" >.;
>"e/it. L.*& P.*>: a^-.^JiSic.'E O &.I> — '. • -4 -'.¦'!
.Eipilt GaV* ...• '4\3 5U S.F.G-A kL. CC- .R7- ; !
•Miltiia! •& U-.TO . .Yl%,K *JJ «/. a '-.-..V ,t.'. -^ I •
• Pac .G' IliYiji .'rpV,.—:- jStock «J Vi.K "V5- : v— * i
."J»ac'-.L,lahtrnK.'55Vi*— . 'ir.Y} * -E". .* . — • y ±-i '
. V •" ¦TRCJJT.EEVr'CERTIFIJJAtEa.."' *•¦. •• '
*S -F 1^ 0 &-E »••«>: ij'fi'i. ."":". .: .°::.-''
. ¦"•¦ ! •.'•¦... ".!•. JNfVRANCE."! ' *. ": : .'j ".•••..'
FJrem's. HFnd*. -T- 30(3 ;• ": • ;''••» ¦• "" ; ?••,"'¦
•;°. '•;--¦• baxK; stocks.- '- '•'..'.". V ' "-
Am. Kat-VBk.' .-^- ' f2?'* lVl^& A... 1v--.-^l. *
•An(flo-(?al. .. »j- t.r-V • Mer .Trust ".'.030 7 230- '
Bank, of :Ca!. 545 — . Merch.Ex-;.. — -.-j.
«?aiVSafe..J>lV— •! .--I- . "0 .S*.«Nat!gnl * — . — :;
"PJrsl N"a.tlOnl — • -^'. 1 ? : : '. •• * ".. • •. •
¦••..-. * V - :-,8A-VlBK3a*.BAJfK8 < . ¦: ¦?".;¦
V.Vr .S .L\ .; — • ' W I lav. & :L .^ )c * flfi"- 103 .
•Hum S.«? L!. : — ¦— ¦ • l*-c;9av Blc.-^JO'' ¦ 500 ••"(
•Nrutaal'Sav.. -=- " -.' — [Union T tW — » --l_*.".i
{Vir,sav i T . ,«oVr »cfl> 'f. r- .•.•••¦ • • • "• • ¦ . j
".":•• • v. STREET : RAII;nOAI2S. r *./ * : 'i . '"' i
i.:ii»5'-205 .¦'presjdlo" :.*..•'.— ] .41\ :
iU'eary X ;....•• -^- .•'—'. I • •. .*."•. ; ..••
'•.•¦*. *•' • ' •• PO.WDER. • ' .*.. ••• : ¦' j"
Cflant ¦;,•:... : .*5}4 (\'J<rortt '.,.:. " *£ -5 1 '.¦
'•¦_'"¦ .' : . : -"::; :suGA'ri.- . "" /•• ;¦ .' I
jfana. P-iCo.. 25c:^-" IKMlaaea'.^V. .^ ' ,>^ . .{¦
'Hawaiian C. 45Ii.4C.%!&Iakaw£l| C.. 20>i 22
•HonBkaift- H C 13&-14 Unomea "ff C^..*52. .Xte
.•HjitCh;S-P C ¦& -fPaayhaw.Sj.Qie^ 1? .•'.
•; • ' • •; l'."*MISGEJ.LANEOyS.. ' •* ; : ... •'•.!
"Alaska "Rack.*^-- .-»- ' joeeaiih: 8C;.'<K — ..* :
Cal Fr\flJ>A a.*--?-*. \87» Pac*"A-F.A'. •• — f — .•
CalWUJe'AKJr? JlVilracC Bomx:K7 . '— "..f;
v ' " -'" .- • '/ ' *. • Aiorplo-p "S^ss.'pri.-*'- '¦ . •*¦«'• :*-_ .j;
..:'.• ' "aipard — " ;'. .' ':¦¦'¦ '• '.'•-. ••••"." " : .T.
•- • Id AVaska PfldCkers 1 As'seciatiori..'. .^l'53*T5 -i
' CO rJaWbrn-a Fruft Ckrincnf. . . .* . . ." 1)5* SO . f
..•.J TO Hqfc%iran.i.Cof*-=A.jByga>..;.*. .'n.-AiP CO >l
• '; -30 -yijrorlt' •Pow«3er . .V. -..*:.... Si.1 . . .'. - 5 00':, !
: $30<3J lioi Jing 'Ry .Oa * bo»ds, : b ' ~3 ,: , .115 50 • 1
• .;- :.str*st— : ••..•• l .••¦.;. ¦;.• . .••-.••¦•;¦ •¦•
;$r>OJJ0-.i3igwa "I^y.- of...Cal 'Cs! bonds-. .."..' iU2",t5 -*-*
".'.'- "• .. '¦¦ 'AtXefaooa-' §f s'slon; : s-. r " .\ - "•'"..
:" •,¦••• rfioard^- -"•¦' ••• , -.I- •.-; ¦ .•;¦.'
••. • 10 'AUska Packers' Association.'. .". .45ff 00 •• I
'-. v5*Gon*ra- Costa" .Wafef . ;>..%-.". .".*. . 52 : «ir) - .>
. JtO H£t*alJaTi'- C»m, -&.!'Sugar -^ . . *4tf CO- « j
•¦lOO"'VJgorlt Powder.* cash.. 1. .•...:;....'•. 5- 00' ' :
.12Q0O "Los" An« R>'- 5s txmdSM . .. .**\ .115. PO .2
?1000"Lob Ahg Jlv.Cs .bonds, b 3....". ..115. 60 V
' ' '. ' "Street — - ...•"¦••.¦ '.• " \.V
,|t5O00!5i <^.Cal'lst. < cor.s J , 5js.<stamped>./10*Q0 ".j.
£diierma.yStackjdnd Qi'l'.Excijajrgc. >
;'©i\ Stptks-^ . ';•' '•*: ; B^* . * ' -Asked" -|
Alma'..'' ..;.».¦;...;..*.•.* I 35-. • ....•'. ¦ .1
Apoiio t- .-•- v . •:-...'• 40.- .•'...:...•.••¦
'A'ssociated Trust Oert ,..• • .20 . .• .* • 22 •' •'
Avtec ..:'.: !»."»'»vl...".. •>/»? '.#O t" ;.":.. . : i
.Califorpia" Standard- .-.; -. 11 - j 3 . 1
Caribbii •..-•.:•..;.;..^.'.*.... -.-.... 1 (1) .-. "1 10 ' iI "!
Central .Point Cotr" : ..< . . . C . . .." ' ." e5"-" , . ; . . . • .
.Chlcairo-jCrude- ./*.:.«..: • • • 21 • •. 25. ".
Clarefr.ont .•..,...'..*:.¦— i'.^*. '.124' .*.
Espcranzav.. ..*.,.• .v.. .'* ;..';..« b 25 *.• .*,
Four .: ',-,:>.. .:.r.:.., { . : _¦ 'es. •:. 70..'
rFulton v..'...,. % '..•..". ».- 3 00; - ....... -1
C?fcj.'nt '...¦...•..•..;•.....'.:.:•:..• .:^T0. • ¦.-..<. .-.}
Hanf^.rd- ..'..i .-......•; 140 0O ••.•„_..,. *•
Home .k ;..:....-...;.:...._. -1 15 . ¦ f 20 j.
Imperial; I..-..*-......:....*.."..... ' 18 tio ¦
Inde'pen'dencfe* :....".-. ...•..• IJ- " ¦ •. . i% ..-
Junction •«....••*• •••¦*••••»• *i<> • *".....•. !
.Kern .:.• ,.'..•..¦..".¦.. ..i...; 5 DO* #: .-:.'•.¦ -
K^lrh- River .:...v.^ '...•iO-OO- JS 00
Lio'n ,*.•... ;..'.:.."•.....,•....¦ ..di:'* 04*
• Monarch. of At! rona ..;..».<.^ 52 •_ ' "5.1
Monte - Crlsto ,• '.'. v ..'.: ..'. . 70 -'•" *
Occidental of JV. • Va.. .':'. .. . •• 18 ¦ in'
OH City Petroleum -.•...¦.".•«..•• • 28 *' . 30. "
P'ecrlesK; ....,; v. ;^ ;.*. . j. 13 50 14 00" l
Plttsbufg . . . ; .'.^.'- .'. ......».,. 25" • . '.-..'.. '
Reed Crude '..-....,":...* '.. - :\ ' ¦ '41 .•
S. F. & McKlttrictcl.... '.'.'.... -'2 75" .. * . •
Salt Joa'quln O. & D... ....;...• 5 50 '• : V.'."»-
SenatoV ...-.;.....,,. . *V.V.I ...* ••6.^ : '.;.;**"-
Sovereign" .;..'..•.. **... v ..ii.'.* 40, ' " "ii*-
Sterling .' '..,: *....-....¦ 2. 80', "....-'
Superior. ... ; . . . .'.:.. ......?..•. ." &! » ' . ¦ "fa . ..
Th'lrty-Owee ;...'... a.Ji, 7 2$ . ? s 00 '
Toitec*-. •..•¦.....;..:'.. j" :¦ 21- ..,'
Twenty.-el>5hf~-...t.^... *..«,.: 4 «0 • 4 23"' !
AVcJt Shiore .:«",. »•.'., ..*.-.... ~2.po" : . 3 "3. •¦
• Miscellane.ou.o — .j. ' •:**•'.. !••'.-.
Abby Land &¦ Improvement'. .- .1 50« 2 joo •
Alameda* Sugan ,^.r .;.:.••:;." ...s,-. • "sroo- ¦
American^Biscuit^.. ......... .• 8S« 6b' ¦ «. 05 CO- "
lAmerftan niitrlcrtel ...;...;...;
Pal Gas & Electric Corp. ;,-....... .. .' •
California Cotton Mills*. '..'... SS 00 • " 05 00 .*
utrr^- ... ..-¦ » % : " =
•CaiYfoYm"* Jo?ker dub:-. ...... 105 00
: .(/alt.rprni»-.' Shining .Cov... 25 00
Cal T>*I». Ins .&*Try it ...... tto no 14<» OO
•CejitraJ'Banb'of O>Kland..,. . 60 Oft
¦ Phutes'-.t'c.'ini'any/.*.-" .:......'. sjs 9 bo
-¦/'yi*re*s Tiiwn ijnp Cf>....... « 23
•Fi^cbcr'n. Theater-i. /. . .; 2 75
.•/tijjs.'ConnVnners;. *\ssoclatlon 22 5O
tHenolulV? s.ujf»>^:.:. % :.: 15 n
."Nfirther-ri ' />al" ftawer. .,.-..,... 9 M 8 50
¦=Nr>rth'.:sfr.f>-.]Ka«r.Ta'l.. ....... » 0O
•«>H>hVum;-ToV.irftny.'.^ 15 25 18 .*>O
¦tutftfc "sf?-te> .Tel >£> Tel : . . 115 CO
.¦¦rana/flrt^'. P%in"f •'¦:..*•..:,.,.... 33 W)
¦•¦'Sair-Friifcrteco- Pry-dock 47 00 .....
_PanJ tary'- r;ed«cVo'n*^Vork» 2 73
:,«a'H>aHr/»:Lartrt-& <B?rry-<. 16 00
Spe fry' Flou? «*omr>any'. ... 27 50 SO CO
•Standard Electric-. ;¦.•!.-.•• 19 00
;.r.;.-.»:V.v.: 30 00
'TruekeVEjectrlc.--. ,".¦*•....-»... 110° 15 00
•UJjft-.ri'S'ugraf -, ;. .•.•..."?.'..:;...... 22 80
y'n.lted'S'as & -.Electric.;,-... 34 50
';;..: :,\i '£. :-. .; !". 'OFF.i<;;AL 8ALES.
•¦i \~*~'A-::]. ;'.".'•' Morning 'Session.
•£>••".¦...¦ Board-^' .VW- ?^-. : - ':.
.,- 100 -tt<mi«» .;:,;,.. W<.-« " '"
-"•"'¦ 2*i0-"Hoh9<»- :v.-'. , : w/ .•-..,•».-.'. 1 l n
.flO^rf Ohteago'Ctu Je .;"-. :¦: .•« . 21
.--.:.£n*.=Hoinef -.v :¦-.>;. ¦*'.•- .».'. .-..-. 1 1° ,
¦.Vlf^itomeri.- ...¦.•;¦::::•;.'*:.. '•.'. 1 12' j
_¦.-• f,'> Jfonrif ;.•..:¦. ;-;-.y. ¦.:/¦. V-i : .- 1 25
v .v son- iriimp %• .:. :¦'. . r '. % .--/•. £. .- l l •"¦
¦; v "3rKt?C>v»da V.eoyrity '<;..¦-..' Sfl
¦vvvV"; =^-P^W iriiizg/Stock s.
V.]^*Wp.w3jiS. tr>rf tfc'^ *aies tn the fan Fran
,i;r.«rii;StMi.-k-and-; E0c<>*ainge Hoard yesterday :
¦^•>'-.i»> ? .'.rj- :< ';.:'^ornih5" -Session. "
0<¥> Beif her '- : J: ."•.;;.•. ±E- 2«O Mexican 1 on
i."10jV.T!es.r-.JfeVKel«rJv.T'>0-...lCO Savage 2*
'S.ofe.or.ron.C'lttjfteriaf. '¦¦•¦>« »20O Pe* Belcher... «7
..:VJ».t'an"'.N:-.T-;"->i':: v->7.100O Silver Hill .. M
v.i/Vg.GouW .ft OiirV /22 » ICO Silver Hill .. 55
i '•WiVftiJ*;-* Nctrcs.- •'¦•.? 1 ;¦.;' ,.; .'-;. ; i{ v :
/¦*¦•¦'•'/ ; ! -:'.;;;"l' - >,'- ' .Af t>*no>>ri • Session.
¦ : .1/yVChn.;<: '¦"'^'Viflin.'.L^OO Mexican 1 to
.;«::» joo 6phlr 1 «"•
¦. ;^iHiU-5-qwn..PViirn;.:--:J"«i 2CO Sllv»r Hill .. 57
tooo; Ex-efieqiier : . ''.sr.'iXiWO TTnlon Con .. "<>
.l^-MeXica^V^^vi.UV- 500 Yellow Jacket 42
%'^.';^A.C'IF1C STOCK^EXCHAN'GE.
y.iJVj'floi'tn^flwerf : th'e'. sales. on the Pacific 8toc'iC
'Eicliiinge/yes.terflayj; ¦ - .,'„
.;¦•;¦ ." : *»V. ; -''.?..'"'*'''*.v.:iion'iBjkV. Session. .
VSrtK'CrpWHi^Poirvt./ 1 ilf 2»*> Sava^ 2T.
''vWV>^;6u!d-"'& -i.te :.:2*J[ -".no Savag«» 2«
V 2<iO*iiftfe. *. N'orcs. -o.:,:20O Seg Belcher.- «x
V;;2WJ(rMe'ii^anC..;.vVl"fpv5eo Silver Hill .. 54
~", -: '¦ \ . Afternoon "Session.
t 'TW-^it«i<>'it$*; v'i-.- 1 :^ • 2(»> frown Point. T>
'.-•I hrt::6a;l£djjftfcfc; ¦; . :.; ; 8fV 20O- Mexican .... 1 rr>
.tPr.vc^iVce^ron.'.it 5t^, Silver Hlil .. W
¦-¦ >»Hy-V"iikl'tps«v<.'Qn-'%!i-.S;o Silver Hill .. 57
"¦2t*i«>. f-ihbUa-rf ¦- -.'•::.: ; : . : : 22 !¦' CCO Utah 12
:¦- :^^§^fiPAir MKVIN<?. EXCHANGE.
r^-IJsilowj.n^Var^-.the 1 "sales -.on the Pan Fran
•irls'co^a.n'f'.:-Xnii'^.iih"" Mii.'.n?; Exchange ycster
.^a^yA'^-V";;-;.'.^;.-:'.''; 1 .^''-'- > ;
iV. : r'/>.-- r : ¦ •"'•¦'¦ '. MorninK .Session.
-4fK>'^Tai( ; N'amaif(*' .C . 1st Belmont.l "O
•'••20f>.'Mac>'amjira.. ":.'¦ 1.7 1 :? '.V» Ton * Cal .. 25
: \ : £no. ; -.sron.i! : , f fin . :;•¦ t*7- •¦- T.oO Ton N Star. . 42
C->,vrK*Sc.iiV'.o.-:;. : :--.<in.-.lJio Ton X Star.. 41
ll.<^.^^w;;:;XJ : .4::ij>j.-if>(/!:r.nited Ton .. 11
¦: =' : " ¦¦/"$(¦ ¦ V V • ' ; ' "¦. A ''" • ern.oori" : \ t^e. »s 1 on.
-J^VK*l^r»nia- -v;' ¦ KTlftH) Ton N Star.. 4-'!
¦:^r<ilit?Xxntorb'.'i*-:- ii>>> Ton N Star.. 42
. : >. ;.V •«r»- SCO Ton N SUr. . 41
:v3J5;:ToX;Iiclni.o.n.t/i'.S);1 ;.'v '•'''.•'.. -
•"••ir- -V '-•V';. ;i t AV^S-^sftyT; -Sept. 30— 4 p. m.
- :*'.4Jia.^kaic.y.. : i.; : '" •¦.¦•;•' Bid.Ask.
.I'A-ftifiiiv.-J^i-^.-'.jit.; ":/>w Jujia.-ViV. 02 o:t
• "A'H««,J «:;i> • •••¦: : ¦• f*.''! : Jil>ti>e OH U»
•Vn'Je».-:*-::..;;v^:.'cl'5 ;; V;:l-7'-Ke'ntuck-- . . . ; ; 12 - flS ¦
¦ Ueirher'. ¦'V^/.vv.a:: -V2fi.Kf.ye> fJraws. «« —
¦|!^t::*;^(^h ; :i;:^,r:>iMoxi l an 1 i>i> I n>
.CHuiffnii' -,V:.. 1'. SSi' '-.10 1 f>ct.detJtal ... 2J» »»
: ;)'a).e<}Oii,jaV...- : : V vS<J'.i NK^phir' 1 »!0 1 «5
VhillSngje'Cori.- .^ft 1 .;u;o.verniaii .... 21 23
-.fOio.llaVlVy-i-;' -S2-^ '2J : .Potosl- -.-..... 24 2«
ICtkiflcience f^C- »• '. .".V; ".851 Savage -.J 25 27
•¦c6iif-.* t: a!-:&. V- i;:if» ¦ I -:{5| Scorpion 02 n::
-<on-.1nir>ertal.- ''«>:;,">. Otisjej .Belcher.. 07 OS
'•i;o.'n-. ; N . Y-. ..;;>•; 1M ••-' KfSlerra- .Nev. . . 57 «>
.-Cr&wn;". Poihti:. .10 • J I! Stiver Hill .. 57 3*
yK^r'eka.Von.'. : .4«'i;. " ."KijSt 1-ouls ..... 10 —
.Kx'efi'ivjire'i--".-. -'I.';-; -14 Syndicate. ... — 0<l
f»m»id *r Cttrvj'Zl-- SSltr.nton Oon .. 6» 70
I'l'lale:. st'Fir-- .5V." WLVtah ::...... 12 13
vLH"dy;-.Was«ii; :;./«¦" ;.0»i Yellow Jack.. 42 43
'•••" '. ':'¦'¦ "• *. '•¦ -TOXOPAU-MrNES.
•¦ •.' : /. ". :•-' Uld.Ask.f' ... : Bid. Ask.
1'oUhan- .•..:.;• '-^r -.19 |Belmont .....130 — .
;f>I>rania> . .'. • 02."- • .-r.;Von'&, Cal .. 2* SO
- C5ij>?y <Jileen-. •" ~ " 2j Fraction- .... 40 —
MAi-Namara '.' 17 - AS Nevada Ton.. — 7 ."<»
ilon'tana Totf. '.00 ft4iNdrth Star .. 40 4::
Paymaster* : -. — • lft 1 Midway . . . : . 42 4H
IMn*- Grove. .1 t>« 70 Ton & Salt 1*. — 45
jteactte »-.."-. .*.t« "10- . - '; ••-¦•
:•*£.- •~' Xi Po\tltr&' avidr Game'. *¦.-' * '
•'« "•¦"'. •':•", * r '" .-•• \ .. .*• .' _"•»." '¦'.', ¦¦' ¦ -.
"•Th*e' nfjtij car of. Western* Poultry. f.or the cflr--
rerit jweeX'was .on", sale, '.but •did. >bot* dean un."
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
13
AUCTION SALES
H. BURD
.*">•" ¦••'i '.- AUCTIONEER.
•'. 7!*-"' -446 FULTON ST..
OCT. 2, II A. M.
i HyilVs*ll"thei»p|*ndld furniture of 8-rootn fiat.
I Jnclud/hgr # -.rk;w .upright piano.
¦K^/* "//'•.Vr.-:'* "T"!' tl H. BURD. Auctloaew.
|i»-A*6SmjS»:'siiJS at union stock tarp.
ITHIRTEENTH. AND HARRISON sts.. 8. F..
SAT':'--l" > AY."*Oct, S, lUttt. at 11 a. m. Fifty
'hea'J'-brfjVe'.ana-'unbrFke Horses. Must be sojil.
'ai.prlVperty^h'as changed hands.TIH3 SAN IFBAKCJSCO CALjU -THItAsPAY; . OCTOBER 1 3, 19O3.' .
14
; _.>"¦!_.:;• V .' ¦¦v'mq.xky .TO i.oax. ¦ ; ¦'. : • .
.•A*A-4H-H-EiaSlX*S- 'MURPH r "^7' .' 7 ''¦ '
; .-';': V.; :-.•-•' ; ;V c6l-C02-e;« Examfner buHding. .
< . . : ,C|tU.cfc ; settifttrients .. no .dlsappoinf'ment. '
¦.' ; ; ! ;' i f'ave. 'vxp'eo-ips Xy dealing <t{y-ecttjt;. ¦ • :
f :E«}at;i"5.. •second- njortgagea. un«itvfrfe'J i*it*>»->,'
-\ -iests: ; *apslgjfi*>enti* of rent j. property In- tr>iat,
:.::.etc'j:;''legatles-,.-llf.6 estates »nd ua«J'.vid;e"d. »&•
:. : ;'ter.est3;'itt-p?oi»rty purcbasetl. *. ¦/" : :
• •" '.:^is'rteou*::trifca;tm""*it; •;-. siricttjt-. cor.CdLentlai.
: ¦.:¦:,¦;•:=•''. "-.Whien: You Nevfl' Money ¦ ¦•"••••
;; ..S,e«> HKRMAN MURPHY. ... ."?-;. 'o. •."•'.- .
¦.GOLPEN. Gste: lJ>ah Office. 10- Sixth' «t., !s
.' -.pi^n'./br biiiiBt-ES.tu-day..- .:' . •;'¦- .:/.- " - .
;'.'*DEAL direct; with - lender.. ."3 o : .r ,- --.; . '.
: ¦ \Save:ttrne, fnterest' and' expenses. '¦; • •- ¦
-.- -A :ret!i-:-dV : E»stern -rehtlergan will lend any
/pttft o£ :*jrO.<X>) at 5 .rep'Cfnt jnrr "J11HK+ «r»
-¦ 1st.' 2J *>r'."Jd mortgage-t.-'City. Oakland, towa' ¦
:• '¦.'r.t country pn>iiafljr*r loans can -be paild In ;
¦ ¦in^taUmetitu or ta suit -borrower; 3tate full ¦
• : : particulars, of :prot>erty;: no? lnt'rvlsw*) nther-
.. wise.: -Addrejs hex: aiDSTCall-'ji-rflc-?. .. .. '
J -AT)\*ANCi*S on furniture ami pianos • with '
[...'.- removal; vtcf-'alarl'-d- pfdplo on th<lf.' .iota ':
I :.--critnbut security-, of'-'know-lnlge of
|~ : tovt<pst ratVT'jibest terms; quickest' serv.e-* and
I; : ; ; absolute: piiyacy;." special rates; "to m"nlclpal
['.- "•• erriplViyea- an-1 tea.chers.'.' The Naticfnal Credit
L; ; Co... r: 6S-Ca DpnoSoe bid... 1170. Market st.
.HIGHLY :respectabte private: place ta obta^.i
' ¦'¦ Uber-tl advances oj1:.diamo,nda. ¦^"•welry, at
. .lnweat rates. : BaMwin Jen-eliry: 3t r* ' ,<U«
¦Market st.j tel. Main 1044. Branch. 19 Third.
MON.EY loaned to salaried pipopie. retail m»r-
;¦ chs»nt.*. teamsters. " boardfng-houaes, -sslthout
H' "security; easy ; pay nents;- largnst business In
1.^40 principal -.cltle : a:'-"rp!inan.. : 5*a Parrot: bli!g.
i .TlfE : Oneti .Credit -'':' Assn. : r.Vakes a.lva.ic--s to .
f-, responsible -talarjed; p?ople, confldentla.lly;.
f- T.iaw '-.\ and -¦ •'imp?'* easy lustallmentv:.
': :Ropm 50.- Academ/; af .Sciences. 813 Market.-
MUNICIPAL TX) AS t>FFICt: \Kt Grant a-/e..
•¦; ' • : : j , : ::: - loans. FrtO-U $1 t<» $io.cco. ;.'
: 8. :P.: DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans, to scared
•'.:¦... : — : ' -.'•-.:¦• •.•;¦..'.-,• r«opl»» on their notsw .
.THE TOVSLEY CO .....143 rhelan Mds.
MONEY tis. loan: on low Interest: gold, silver.
[- : ,dlamoji«l*f. pearls an<l precious stones bought ¦
|-. ; : -;at W:.J.HFrSTHAL m S. 10 Sixth st.
!ON furniture^- plane; no removal. E. W. LiCK.
:16C3 Mutual Savinga Bank bltisr.. 70S Market.
MONEY; loane-d to saUrled employ"* G. W. .
. MILfcER.: foam 74. fifth *oor. ChronS-cle bldg.
I -3% :O**«. ftirhlture & pianos; $15 on, no removal;
r :. Y. TRE3tfAI>f. room 81. C Eddy nt.. floor 4.
. AL*y.Tpa-ri<» on diamonds and J»welry 2 per rent
:¦;;•: itrio; ?.-. F: Collateral Loan Bank, 5-TS Kearny.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
! salaried employes, R-311,Mutual Sa\.I3k.b>d.
CASH: loaned salarifd people on notes without
Indorser. MORRELL. 6C9 Examiner bldg.
: • v , : : Ml SICAlr INSTRUMENTS.
: A^ETNoT^TH^S^BAJtGAINS? "~*
j -.'.Sherman :& .- Hyde upright $117
• ' FUsher ... . : ;. i t5
Singer ...... ...i.'... 163
2 : Steinways ;.,... $lfc3 30O
- 2 Chlckertngs 85 15!>
3 Heines ....„:.... 237 SSS
;\Rehts^ %2 up, apply on purcjaae; lr.stall-
•ments, $» up. --:-: "o- : ' "'•'.-
:; HEINE PIANO CO.. 233-237 Oeary a-., lar j-
¦ -.:'Mt; exclusive piario iiouse of the West.
'A?" upright piano >hipped by high class East-
;.;ern -i-nanufarturers will be sold at actual cost
;<:tb save return of freight. 237 Geary st. ¦
STEi:;WAY upright; left by private party.
• /$1C5; a great bargain. 237 Geary st,
WEirent the b^st piano In the city for $3 per
. month; a few fiiie ones for $3 5(>; « months
' .. : rer}tat ftno'ved on : j.urohase price. , Something
-hew—^the Scott Curtaz "Bijou," a httlo
'-.'beauty with a big to-.-.e. V'lll go through tha
"'.'smallest doorway. ' For rent or for sale. Tha
;'.' :''McPhair* piano: a magnificent Instrument.
; :.The ''Schiller'' piano;. ,besf nuallty for the
¦Jjr.oriejf ch- !he coast. Seme big bargains in
: second-hand 1 pianos.. .'SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano
: 'Co.:. 560=->r2-64 Hayes st.; tel. Fell 57S1.
YOy-'.VlO.-BOt take any ch^r.ces when buyins
• : frotii :us. Our methods are' we'.l Known to be
. .- <jp*ii and ibovf board/ "rsig; • bargains, r^t
-.Jblg: ad?. ' is our ru!e. All Komts guaranteed
: -asjepresipntej. or n.j sale;- Call and s^e larg*
¦ ' '. aJSortnu-nt of new and ". used Instruments.
¦TriK ZENO MAUVAIS- M'CSIC CO.,; 7C3
. Market st^ ¦ ¦:'¦: ¦¦''••.'¦
"A~T ! "_*5\Y good, bargain.-), from $C0 up. ircludln-j
. such makes \ «a Mason & Ilamlln, Vosa.
J : St>rlirg. Marshall A Wer. >11. I Ischer. KlfX-
' : mann. .Carittt. >V es«r. Pc.se. KohK .- & Cha*«
.'• and lnany othfss; easy paymern. lirnj. Cur- .
. tai A Son; 10 O'^a-rell; no bmnches In S. F.
THK greatest op-jor'rnlty ever otTar-id >n San .
.•FfanGlsc» t > get a g-od reliable piano chcao. •
, BeT"re our r.eiroval we will sacrifice >-py ln-
' strument tor cash or in-'Jillxnents. ' Call or ,
writ» for prices an * terms at on^f. KOHLEIi
. & CHASE. Established ?<CO. 30 O-Far.-ell.
WAJ'TTUJ^— Z good square pianos. 1 ' concert ,
. ; »-rand ,-)lan>. 2 organs /or halls. BYRON -
, MAUZY;-'3t»J Post st. ¦..•'¦¦ .
PAND instruments; K- Bcss.cn. Paris, maker;
<.Ju» Malw.ild. A^v. Pac. Coast. 27H O'Fa.rell;
- sKlillul j»palr>ig.: 2d-ha~.d Instro tients so:i.
A STECK * -GALLTSR l'nr'sht. nearly n«w.
: cLap; a snap. HCRNV SO. 210 McAllister.
KA?.E cha.nce: cash or payments; elegar-.t higH
I --raiie up: ight. 16 McAU^axer st.
{jnrede^mefl <«tomg<> pianos and fumi'nre
' cheap. *AT«.>teheaJ & Storace. 1P'.6 Marirct st.
B"EAUTIFVT^ J-peoal Steir, «.ay upright piano;
1 perfect order, »ac.tince. KecTe's 2S** O Farrell.
' SOJiMiiR.^'fon Mauzy vtanos. Cec!Man piano
placer. BYRON MAUZY. 30S-31^ Post st.
SlJPF-illOU violin.!", zl'hers. old and new. H.
"MrLLEH. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
i CHEAPEST and best m Air.erlca—i*:.- Weekly
CalL 10 F»«8es. sent to any address .n tn»
] tTni.ert 5--f-t-*« .W"-^. n^ v<«-
fryPlCK.? AXg -*TUIUS"»' TO UST.T^
' FURNISH El? if nee fc- 1 nt. Foom SIO, fctlx
flo-ir. Varrctt building. '
bK«5K ¦ room for r?nt:. Parrott bids. Box
4(CS. Cgll. . -
STORE, bar. 4 rooms; all fixtures; weights
and raeafures: staf.e. 4 stalls. 3-TS 30th st.
STORS "wits- large basement: below KearnJi
. st. : rent $30: Apply KW Clay wt.. room 1.
[ "~~ OPTIC vL CH'JOL.
23 MEN wanted to Uarn the optical profession.
B..4 mon^-y in fittin* glasses. : The orly op-
' ¦ tltai school on tt » Pacific Coast. Apply or
" addrt>s 'he Cllsc Or.tlcal Institute. 102"' Mar.
ket St. btt. Sixth and Ejventh turtnc the
GAR. encampment Prof- Clise ntt -d Gen.
Is'elscn A. .Mile? Gen. Harry White Gen.
. .Sp than Church »r.1' many noted mer. of Civil
W-af famtf. Call and ba.j freo ** J t**«t.
[ ' . • ~pT!*l>;os a>p orcaxs.
I i-ARV of our list of . bar*f»:a» 1»- * -conJ-hanil
ptsacs fo» Stptemtwr. la«3:
• ..-¦••. : : • -¦ . " Original
:;-.• '• ".- .'• ' . ¦ . . Prlc*. Now.
¦"» PARNE3 * SON—. .. '
• .'.Walnut cases, arge sue, colon, al
. style, three pedals. 1 1-3 octavo.
*<r>al to ne* $330 $27»
I.EMERSON— . •¦• . •
Walnut - case cabinet grand, ,-'V»«
¦ carved. pane)-t. » 1-3 oct»-ve-i, i\re»
pedals <n tine c ndition. sltK'nly
Sited .-.-.. . 4» ST1
1 EMERSON— - . ' ." •'
Flemish cak ci se. cablnn grand.
Ttry latest desgin and finish, nearly
new 430 300
. 1 SOHMER— .
Mahc-any case, medluu. size. ful»
swinging desk. 7 1-3 octaves, thor-
oughly renovated and equal to
new .:... ... 30* 323
1 WEBFR— .
. Rosewood case, fancy carved,
largest -size, 7 1-3 octaves, la ?«- •
• ce'.lent condition .¦......-.•••..... 6«»0 *C3
1 BRADBURY— '-".',
Posewcod case, large size. 7 1-3
octave?, thoroughly renovated and
equal to cet» •"** 338
1 BRADBURY—
Red cak case, cabinet grand.
¦ 7 1-3 octaves, thormif.hly renova-
ted and equal to new 500 323
¦ Complete list furrNhed on application at
cur store. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.;
Corner Kearny an.l Sutter sts.
PALMISTRY.
MMR DEVAS — Scientific palmist and astrolo-
r'.st. Paici readings $1. Hours 10 to 12 and
1 to 5. and Tuesday evenings. 130 Post »t.
H. JKr.OME FOSEL.LI. scientific ralmlst. 513
Taylor tt.. near Geary Phone Black Ml.
~PA1'EIIHAXGIXC;. rAIXTING, ETC.
ROOMS papered. » i 5© up: . tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 31& .'M »t. :t->l. Main 41X
I'llYSICIAXS AXD MKGEOXS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence.
1U21V. Market St.. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin und rectal d^seasea a specialty.
DR. BALI* 107:1*4 Market st
REMOVED — liTt. WONG HIM. herb doctor;
treats a!l diseases cf the human 'body: for
past four years at 113-1*7 Mason; now lo-
cated st CC.~ Geary *t.. near Leavenworth.
CR. TO.N'O PO CHY, successor to Dr. Li P»
Tal. herb doctor: cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All din-
cases cored by Chinese herbs. 740-3 Clay st.
¦ .MAX« : i33:. : y<a)-s-9ld^-.lpite>y; frp'nj' JEUrb.pe'i Tyishea'
. : '; v "iJiif'-;ti»n-r :>-c>ty.' ; -cf.-' '.iwi^t'ry.:.- is :*d jflfrst^Jass
' ¦¦ P4it$y ."kn&. jjlaiie- : --'.r.riil-y ina ; l{.err-?ft 'y«»Ars*.:>X*
¦ v:.pfcrlencp th:-Frffric'e- aml-ltiilyyipeakST'FTercch,'
. ' /jLt;aj.ians; 5Sj>i.hleh/:. ; J.rifpfi;RA.^.lA;.il2j : Bso*;df
¦ ' a ?^'''N.'''.' v : - : '"¦ " ~' : -'.'" - : -i l>: •' •* ' ."' : .' '>? ' :. : '•'• : .** ¦.'¦'; "- ' • - a
; ;-MID^>t^A'iGfEO' cirpeh.ter \91she : s..:poslfi;o''jii' : icity: : .
'• .S: Pr .'country,,:- it's.' :-'h'otipl.'.'canJeTi).er/ -'eyiv ; good
• ¦;: genera,'-' repajr. ij«friv : ijinrrle v d : cnati;' vilfs- also'
\ ..- ; «viljtns;:-w ; oVl?er.;' 4J5 J&Ilnna.'."jt. '".'¦: ¦•...V-*;! :•¦¦¦
F ; ; Hcftt ¦- jjie*h*jie botrgii i*i'nd -fepa^f '. wotik-J fully
\ ;j6ail.ipp*d. "hittj -tools.. w*«Mi*M£jK" «ind-.:12 % years'.
i ; . .gxpieflfencp/ mpx^402:<y: CajU . :;¦¦: ¦¦['¦¦¦¦'¦?;'; ': :: ¦'¦¦'
i S3CP^ERJCKCKi>. Vycung'' -.niSri^ !'--uMerf tarjdlnS-
i ':'. .bo6itk.ee.i4r^,::s"ten'(^f^phy:'an.d.- Bene'rar.brtice-
f .;' v Wc'rfc : , .-Wants . pe'.rm^
I- .--. \i H^rt'i- •Acidr;eE»;.,i: > erfnaHeht > .bpj;. -V030,-. Cali;
i. A: YOU"j*Ci r-ijian' wouli 'jlkfr;. a- T)b*!tibn'.
L--V:Ju« ; -e*.el-a£&ir in' Hotel 6r office "buildiiigi ' .©pi
I .Al^'Caii : bfflcei} : ' : ; ,\ ' -¦ v ¦--. ¦*>/ :,';.;.;
¦ .^•.N T^\T;'yo«ng.ft>a:n- '¦wtfuld.llk&.sajv'sniaji poatj'
» •..¦tio'n ; :jn'ii-,-:bq[lic*ry;- ' city 'or. • cptintriv ¦¦ B^ox'
j •" -.!4C28y-'iga;ii :afflgej,.. .., "¦'':/¦¦; '/f "..;' | : l--' : ;:/. ' -:v-i ;
' JA/REtlftBIiE-. «obieri Eastern: niiri Jwaiits- worK.
¦ "..'.. bt .tnoderate'^alaty.- ': &¦$£¦ 4033; '.Calfe ,
:,10;~P.EJft-'<:Ek'j*'.Gf "s'alary will i« paid Jjycb;m- :
j -'. iieie'nt'.'"Prch\aB ".¦.artd.:.-assii.t£urt- . : j«ngiflre.er ? : fpr.
'; .'•¦¦ JJiferntfttXph '¦• leadtntf.-to -s-teady ernpioy-jnertt: '
I -. industri<iu^: sobftr; : : nrst-clidis. .- rciertiices t .
i, ;.Box Ao^r C-ilt *JJHce.-^: ¦" ;.. V;'_.'A ' ¦¦; \ /.'¦.¦ -.'
f.'^F; j'oii' ¦ want 1 ' a ...rie'tlabie,' singt^, ; jriiddievaged,'
'¦ • r'JxifsTrenefa'-. ArMeriC-a<n: .'a* cpck--'<#r .general.
j- •¦•u till by. -rrjah ln-,.>miiH ; .fanyVy.-- Or. clt?b,- »lih^ :
. • urb8h;lap«tliry -.- ¦ preferred;, address;' -W.' • G';-
•:. r.wijtfbi Amb.., aai'-KlUaifit. ':'¦ •:"-"",•:;' ; . ;! -|:' -;>-^
; y0T:;-NG*'' rtaah.- '• «^eri:ei)cVd-'.:.st'inpi!raP.ij*r,' ; ' fe'i
: j;1iabl<'.--.lndji6trious-. a-id ,cijpa.ple-i .¦..d<?ir.es .to
I •'.- cecure;. a-.be.tten position •= "In "thft.t:. Capacity,*-
j ;lC47.';CalU :
| Y-OUNGi'-iiiarj-. wlshe-i fiituattoi-;:- hindy"; lln'.a.'hd 1
;•-¦ =Jirpu>nd a. pnva.'te-.plaaj-'-./dity.xeterfric^-i" 'A,d»-;
t ; -dr^gj|iliox-.4^75;'Cali;::.' : -:' j > :; ' j ;¦':>>: ¦./V-j'
i.MlrXp:tR-AGJ}.D-.feah, !^.beV.-Qnd : ceYial)te, want*
L- -/situation jai blllpa?serj small". wages tf steady;.
};-.;.-H^\y.-".- ¦g.t^Thir&'.'it;?^ ;.' ': : : }.<;.¦> ;;-*;• y /?•-; \-j
jYOtjj*G>iiran .-*nji]td : like .to! iearri* pai;kihs la
r,.-.'wholesa.le ;'^6ujse. g . 'Cb*: | 4*i : S4, :C^ir office i.:;.- -jt]
| ,jiv : PA-K : Ir^fe.;'.rhartied 'cdi-ple'; would Jiifei situai
h .¦ tlonsi._mp.;n-'.goQd ibji^wri -or • "fcjirilKner' ind
I ':,-?"••*** K.oojl-.cookj . '.Adiiresfp 3 : .'. : .HA5iA;MOt<>;:
T^^SaS^l-itjeiejtth ist^'Qafttand,:.';^ ;U; '.: ''~y.-'^\ '¦.'¦¦;
r-JfA-PAJsfESE'opHnl* w&nt pbsit-l^Ws*. -ntin Ito 'do;
L •; betet ..cpofc-ljig i.anil '.wite-'-'a^ waitress-; ¦.bji't^-blf
;.:%0d':-".hous«.wbrk> : welli r :r'S:. K,.:*40W:
\, : ;.jefste..«t:..:i;:' \- j :•- :.- .;;. : ; .: : .; ;•••.'¦•..¦ •;¦• v-
-A' •fAPAN r .E,SJE : .?hisr'lr..Bc{)ool : : stiid.<int '-'wants • a'
: : ..-pprfi}&i\ asi .ech,bb.lb<i,V.: •rti.lri '"cook ¦:-'-4?-"^ per
l.-.Vweek ¦'vfMt--TCH)Xti:'' SAKA, :«07/Pdlici.st. " -."• ;
.*— i — •". ¦ . ¦¦.;-: —^i-, —^ — i^ "*•¦'!• >., ¦".- a :¥ ¦ - :'. ' ifj
jAKANEStff/.vaRt'-i .ctoodji place -to* worlt-.lri store
i . '.:¦ pr-"tafc*=pryr -iini.: Baker.fi2ft.-' A; 'B:-.. 1212 iPbini-
''XrfSbjis.-av'e;. ¦'¦-/¦J- \ ,.,'\l-'J-r- <•..•" ;¦¦' '¦.' : y Y -'-- : :¦:¦'.'¦
' li~ GQ'pD"':; j.a.pa'weVei = boy winta. ¦••*ppsi't{ofJi: % :oi :
¦ ;?.BcJifieitb>y. ; : i.taspjftGB itVjil^', .1.^29 '&\ ce; St: .
Ct-A.SSi"FrEb-:'ad\*r'Usernentsi.-nd^U"7>cMpiipn4i'
•¦tece'.y'edV^t:-.Ca1I:)^a'ryh-:c^-flt^-.220ti'-F^
;&BttJLKOi%l&tltef : 't6t'<MV'%#nitt*in&r)fc*n&
VKtibFC : iit>tl«in« toas-ibe'eili'- estaTalfsheiJ : *n'"109.6' V'a>
: ;;l«-ri^tift \ft-; '.;¦ <y: .-\. : <i \. >; •¦¦':¦¦•:•'/. j't^*; 1 *. - f'r
\ :
-."• ;>«iiil9ipa4<;..Scbop>; . ftaltrdad- *ln;d; Gorporat'oa:
• ••,. 'r.v-'i'; .'•••'¦¦•'.•• '¦* " : :Bopds:-;' : ''\K : '' i -''- r 'r : : ''¦'¦'¦ ',
;.-.¦ ; "pcjrnpan'j!:.':9tpfrit*:-': ¦¦:•!
¦ .:-r ¦-.: •:•: Efeie'ci'ed ¦to--.'c.oij5ert ; atlv'e:.w»yes ! tprs; ¦¦'¦¦X ?.-'
:'¦ v- k vvrfte-i(-r'-lnn>i-irtatfQ'n: to : ','. •• i;-. .'•".; ;.?¦•?'•: ; • •:'.'
::f^.V\.;--;f:v--:*H^ : teL"^k'*iVc<J^--! : -r
¦¦:¦ ¦-¦ '.I.' :iyi-r •Sfockatia Bon* Urofcefs; .''..• r ,
'¦¦¦;.': I"-. "¦¦¦.>.¦ .- ' ¦: <-.i bjiUatng'. - .-. ¦ •'
'¦¦'¦ 'l:^'v ! .• 1' %\ yj '•¦•{;,?»» :^-tf?*'<!8-V;f^- ii ¦
.^l BAis; .•yRANftlS'SO • fii-m- -*ants'-.it;i'e?H- e "'-**
¦V.itlvie. -Jrt e.V^r-y'- tp^vn ; 'tffeB'.JcM^'Wii't' b£ : -a»$er- to
: ¦ 'giVe'.barii.-.secyi.Firy. -ff- required. ,','Adttress.--bojf.
_-;-* .jz-j»3':r.-tii;;'p'fH'ce: '.?.?.;'. .'••;¦>; • •: " ! ":]. ><'*-. r .'.? '¦¦
W: •'>¦¦:• M ¦i;:Fi,^*Es'v;'*:«)-::iiE^i'.' "-y : .y:':i~
1 f r'^r^*''^^r*r <^ J^-T-rf*~?h': t^ •*.' y-'Tv.''; 11 ''^-'^'^'?;
U-i-'ijriOirSES/And'flai.J" ? i « . 'eV': "" •.jip_m-j*i?«i'»frtV.
-. "e'^rylce Ats'blutply-'.fre"-';' tayt#.,~aii.Va ; n--tag:e -of-
'^'rjiil'ji : {iepaf*'m,erii;; '-if/will •8av>. j-6M':ilrne:;ari<i.
• • tp<5uMe-..-'iCora>?- ; Furn'tiirlt. Cft-; !J4B.-25a;-.Gear^:
v "'Kv-*'- ' c ? ->' i: : : ; ••^•Vr-, JI .•'*••'¦¦' •!•"''..»
$.20 : .--Er^fi;A-NT -^iper-^'HBhy- '.:*fat ; - : -" -6.
: "rtcjitijji nTid -. hrftiJiV'S/MerriU-'.-'fA-pRlfy/i-j^ee?:
.-. "Eigjfctpp >Ittiyi5t:.;]w'«-»*-' iot':CaiBtjcP;-.:; :.•>;¦ '-.j;;- r': ;
: TO i leiiJSuVny ,ffftt l oC -i;ienry'«Lt.V!
: : ; heaf'.Noe|j -t-eii-ti- $2(fc Op •.'-.->• ' ¦' rt.y - : ; 5 : - "j = •• l'-i,
IJEAV^r;".--^ prji .blotk-- frnrH^IStkettahd S,!*-
¦•.te'efl.th; stti ;; nej*'J 9?.|rd6in%flat. : chea.p^ ¦¦ . .; ; ; - .;' /:
; t<?t:'.'. .EJgftiir'ihd -^*ihth^42.
flatS:.bt :j je»om-ip\.:.\-;. -' •, ;'¦•¦.*•¦;:! ~-^';- i'j :-C:
; GliO\'Ei T-'W— iJfet-;r. Uo^. ' '\i ' rotsAifi-' TxaftK,
:¦ ;.:-;t6-;eref)ni'.:;^au!.'t.*;v; > Eait^p,:-£iacYag.e.-Jfe--.C ; Q.
. f ECO Jrt>- av'?.-. Ci-b'; n*eai4- .McA.fll-it.er :
•' " modern '.-rU'D^ey ,Aa_t;;Q. sunny :rop'Xns;-.'f2"(:-60, . .'
$37 Bft^SUX-KY -Xlppef ' Satl- ' bneSfiiKh-r/J-.rbbni-h;
-¦•"¦rear- entrance-.land .-yard-.j 105.1, -Bustr^t..:.; . ¦'¦
.;..'¦: . '.- " FCRN'ITilTUE: :"FPli : i *ALfe^'.;'/;.j /
.NICC'. tOrnlturp -'4 .robjifS'fcir .sale;'- **• .a"sasnts>
..-.:t51A .Miyris. st.'. : ¦¦'¦". ':''.'; '. ¦".':¦ '¦ "•'•'*"•;-'.
• :"¦ FiRNrrniE AVAX3*Ep;"-;. : .; ;¦' ;.
A. " WC.LLFFRT. : 773- Mission.' phbtle Red- 44^2.
i buys, rent?.- repairs, packs furniture.; carpets,-
Cal. Auction- House pay's highest .-prices- for fur-
_nlture. flats, etc .1H)5 Mtsalop.; tei: Mlnt*i481J.
HIGHEST i>rlce for furhltureand indse. -.'L. H»
. BUR1J>. Auctloneer.18.lS Mkt.-;te'..Ho-yard-27511'.
'., , HF.LP WAXTKD — FEMALE; . .
AVA.NTEDA-Cbolf;- 2Q . boarderB.^ -$35'. ".city;- 2
"-.cooks, no. washing,. $35. city; 2 maid's" and
' st r » distresses, $;iO-$25; 3 j^rlor maids', $30:. -5
. second', giils, {20-$25; 4 nur'ae girls, $2Q-$25;
. man; and -wife as porter 'and chambermaid,
0 some v'wal ting-, Kotel, $45; hiusB'work, -3
family. $:;0; laundress, $30*, chamber- worlt
arid laundress,- $25; 8 cooks, with .llt-tle-vash-.
• ing, $:*p-$35; 3 chambermaids, assist waiting.'
, "j2<): man and . wife as cook and gardener,- StO
and $40 o and house girls ut $2O'-$25-*ao; .cUier
places too r.'ianj to advertise. Gail to-day,
•CFi CROSETT;fc CO.. 331 Futter-st:
A FRF 6 NCH nursery g^.vertress, for child 7 yearn
o.cdd, *30; a chambermaid and seamstress for
small f & im.';y, ¦ $25; a waitress and „ parlor
maid, 2 In family, $25; a nurse for 2 "children
In city, • $3,0; a. Ger^nian cook for a German
farrfiljfa. >W5. MISJ5 FiUNKETT, ; 425' SivUer
"• st., near Pywell.o ¦ ' • ' o ° • "
,A — NURfcK, '25; 2 cSoks," $U5 each;; waitress,
" Saffnas, tflTt. fare here; c l" second f,lrls,. $25;
woman -with ia cnlld, $20; ">0 houseglrls, $25
«»nd $iQ. MRS. NORTON, '313 butter st.
0 o : - ; '
A— WANTED— Girls to learn ihalrdressln*;,
manlcirlng. et,c. ; trade taught fr^m A c to /
• Hi 2 -vceeks; $& to th»ce entering now; 3,po-
• c!*jons to fill Immediately; position!*.' guaran-
°- teed 3 at $10 per week up; leading school- Id
West. 233 Gear>o St.. . room 13. , ¦'--'¦'' r .
A— La^DIES. lean? all" branches\halrdre!;«lnx.
"£-*«£»£•; manicuring, massage, etc. ;" 123(5 Mar.-:
ket 'ft.. v cer o Jones, room 04; posillori secured
t at -hlghert- wages; day. and eye. 'class; call. 0
A — GlrlS ta.lea'rn millinery .now for ftPll stUsoa;
• b«;th seasons taughLfrom sfart to finfsh-ln 1.
5 nsonth lor £10;. positions as trln?mer», Sales-
. ¦'. judie«. sl'c*. guaranteed a°t MOiper -veek up;'
J- " day a'na.e\tnf.ij(r bias's. .143 f-^ocktun St.. r. .13.,
LADIES war} ted everywhere, topying letters at
¦ home evening."!' or ,Bf/are time, alid j^turrs to
c os; no c mailirjg. or . canv'asslng; $0 '• weekly
- earned, materials- free^ Enci.os(Gself-aSldressed
envelope 1 for particulars. Guarantee. Co.," Mm:
" W 4. Nln*h St., Phiradelphja, Pa. .' • .
"WANTEE) — "A'onian. for cook .* an<5> - general
housevt-Drk.' Oakland-;'- 1 -* In.-family. Including
. youvg child, ar'id nursj; wag.es $23; 'state. .ref-
erences <clty c or local required), and an inter-/
view will be arranged. " Box. "4034, Call pffjee.'
WANTED — ExperlenceAidry "good's saleswomen."
. Appiy between J) and 11 a: m. at IIAL1C
BROS.' " . ¦ "-' .- ¦¦;¦ -' .
WANTED — ExptHe-nced mWlinery ealeswrfmen.
1 'Apply "oetween 0 'and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.' - ; . .. .
EXPERIENCED- faleslady fo? laces, embroider-
ies, ribbons, etc. Apply Bupeririterident's 'of-
• fice. Emporium. , • ••
GIRLS wasted at the M-utual Label and Lltho
Company, box department. Second and Bryant
sts.; Brytnt-st. entrance. '.-.¦ ¦ '.; <¦
WANTED — First-class skirt and 'waist hands-.
improvers. MME. LENNENBERGF.R; 139
Post st. • " •
WANTED^Etrong .woman for waging' and
' ironing .half days" Mondays and Tuesday.!.
Cajl at 317 Larkin .Bt." ' ¦ . .
A WOMAN 'of flllinsr position of trust
w*ith lociil firm";, no office work.' o Box 4020,
Call office. # . * .
I AVANTED-.- Waitress and parlor maid; '$25.
| .. Call, DIG Leavenworth st. - .
WANTED — Yoiing lady for candy store.'- MAS-'
KEY'S. 32 K.iarny 8t, ¦ '". '•
GIRL for cooking nn<1 nFslst'housewor'li:- goo.d
wasca.- "Apply 2"07 Broadway, near Fillmorc.
TWENTY teachers Immediately for California
ar.d Arizona schools. 518 P-irrott building.
NEAT srirl exprrienced cook; best of wages.
11S0 O'Farrell st. __v_ . ¦£•
HELP wanted at* scv.'lng for dresBmaker at'347
Eartlctt et:. butwecn 24 th and 25th.
L17NCH waitress. 515 Valencia et.
GIHL to help in store* and do light hou»<;v.-ork.
14!> Scvent:-. et. " • ; i
GIRL wonted to take. In ca?h In restauro.nt.
CM Clay st. >j • Vi
V»"ANTED— Flr«t-c!afi« aUeratlon hands on coats
and skirts. CAILLEAU'S. 114; Kearny st: -
A MIDDLE-AGED woman for two In family.
: *17!£ Third st.. between 1: and 3 p. m.
i AT :CrAEiFtjS^IA^Eiip^'Yi : EK$^^N^.
•¦-60 Third. s:t;,:.hr.'CaU ¦ft>ds,--"phj)ri.e;;Biish
: '#:-. -. ;'. v.; : '.2i&VA't>w.£x7> t'TAtf. = ¦; : .?i- • ¦ : ;. ,
::\!ff-:; ;: %". J-t>.FRpE.:F^RS:_ :«: \'i •: '•i.i';;:. : --:
- ; -.'. RYND^NT GOIiCONKiA" *»:^P •;
: .-. :; •: r s. ; p-.= r: rv ,cb.;d o>vn. w'Qkk: :^ . f ; : :
; /199^ati.retr* :: J2* (Jay 1 /- .'- ¦.¦< 7. i.-' ¦: V -V*'?.: ' ,
, ;;: • Ij^ily; <Sjr-^ ; .XlB3'*Miv»':?-i;r:
•;:•:•¦•. Are >dp.inK.:.-A4«;:t'>-'ur;:^ ,:• .;
; ;.;»1 .stct|0f» ' hapds ; : : al*: ; paris =¦ of '. eaHfowila.
. : .; Coa «;M^..<P4:^stera. •
](*''•£ -.' Ppi^^N^FcA^HTlvp^XjCEDv^ : ; : :* )
. : 5 'coal jniners,. 6-R)ot?- yein.' $l-:a : ttjru r ! ; ' '. i
: . '?''<'¦ .V:.- ..;;:>=.'-SH^.t r -*-p^i:;:.-: ;-; J :'.?•:$¦•¦¦
¦^r> •;;?¦; <'"&li<k^m£&tEr. cd.: ; ¦= 'Hfi^'l-
:.j*> ":;•:• > Half-rirte /are.- & 5iC. .-• " r; * ¦•:•> :
•.'}. j.&IAiiWD.vMATCB^vMyANY.':' i ' ';:
-::Lab0rers. teariistirirji, -trithK -n\?n. .ttfnn'ef m^n;
t -¦wpodcjiopjiers an^.crlffhjt of- way:'taen/,?3D: td
;'$pp a.-mortthi • : ¦ .' ¦'•.-.: .. .- ¦..'•¦:.: i r"-~-t*;t.>U ¦
:v-;-:i' :;-. :v ;•• '^nfp tq^pajt:; : >[ :' }\
¦ •¦ ''Star} ' ••ana'i'trtfe;. ' squjiiU: JPiui'iBs^M; *
' V. t e APi ..*ind--K*'"«eTal;V-»*reH'.".*r6rlS;: vfltii lo-cooi;
• •fre«iiarei : - 5=J0. i . - * ;•¦:'• ••'; .- ' .*"-¦; ¦ ¦¦' :
;^::: f.-'CkU s^-. •
TRY ""a^^l-and
: . -.$.15Q;f«lt*. foot^f drill' s*fo49'at : -$2-5<y Ve..pay-
•';expre^3 i .or-'io.an .yh-ggs. :^t*gd- 'st..? tSx&jti. .': ibid.'-
SA ; iLRRS 4*jfl ordinari* : sea jn*r( ftir -Europe :-'ah>l.
.•^Australlas^r HERJfAN'.^.'-'Sff.Steuart st;' ': '•
{ 5\-i>'C:HESTEti : H^tea.-4.4\Third^rnT5rnria* : -
F . tke-t-i-^tCO :rit;<>ms 4 r.:'^c..ttlght:r.: reading rooms;
i :'vfrgfr ; - ; -bH3.t-aqd ;to And from ferry. ;
C-LASSiPIE.t> =idvef jifsernent* ind RuV-ierlpt.Son*
¦'•>.:retelveri ajt Call'-rir^iKn-^'nt'e. 2**tH> Fuimoro
*CLL ilies ii\en's «hoes^,: siJghtty damaged, half
.-.pries..; T5C3TkIlgslpfr sti/bet.- 1st. and 2d aia.' .
CfET ji«ftir' shoes: halt' sb'ed . while waiting ;. 23c
- ,to 5Qot ;¦ S63 Missloh St.. bet, 1st gnrt 2d sts.; :
V 1 :"'; '^•UfqiasKS-^ijfb;: a\'acjoxs.'>.- ';> - ;-
JSAn5fESS:ind.. : sadbUss.: the best:for th» tnoiKfy
r-W JEPSE>"BR0S:. Cp;. : inc..: the big stcre,
; ; H45-114.r jJarket ,st, ; ';San,. : Franctscp.- < ': •: ; ; •
:?X1R } s'ile4-vi. ' ':b : lack =carriare:' tekisi.' "i and . 8
¦ yyfeai--a-oldt : .. sound -Uid. gcnitle: -. JJbx :4373, CalL
CJENT^iE, ;4-yea.r^q:j Jack: will ride and drive;
:-:jblg-ranch\hprse'.;- : ' 79 CityiHall : dve. ¦.;¦:.¦ ••'¦
Lat-je*t;asirbrtmt 2-hand wagohs.: bjickb/d. sur-
v:re>-.hfane?s,wbrk.drlving horses. ljtTi-Vatf r.ciai
;hors<jsjror^sale icbeap.a »32t Sixth: sfc ;. : ;
.EXPRES3- wagph',: light ramping wagon and
'•-•gpcart; for .safe cheap; :'.S32.i; Mission .St.. :: ; '. ¦¦-
>•'*:":.' '^f--''' WPI-SES^WXHTEIJ. '"_ ':\7-' : ..' ':..) ;!
.WAN^ED^itJiif urnishe?d ' ; hbuse . (no *fl«t); - aot
'...'less. -.than: seven >-ro<>tns;'' Western.- Addition;
..-:.reh.t. hot jo exceed: $90 per njonth. < Box 16M.
¦ -.-Cair/Offlcey ; ¦¦¦'"> '•;.' : ": > '.-...: .:» ; : '-i' ' . ¦. ¦]
W- \" '•':'¦'".': .¦A i ?iO.iiSEs;:Tp v i jLET^ ; ...:'¦¦
>A.-^PRI,NTED Ust of houses to let ; *end for clr-
.^cular,: G^jH; yMRSEN.AC5O..14- Montgomery;
Ar- :Hpi.*SES. and :flats to let:, ail Irnmens* list:
•..: ; :servlce absohrtely tree;, take- advantage i»f
•,-thls : deiJartnient; It 'will "stay* y6u time and
'•' trouble.- '.Cordes Fiirnlture Co.,- 245-2S9t; Geary.
;,;:*f;^on: theis.qtiarei' "-;/•:>" .-¦.«.'.•; L'.sV'l; • : :
"'?:*- : '|--» ]:"¦¦.¦<:¦:'. ¦' " V '¦.. ..!'•¦¦ V '-¦ -': ; . : V :¦ .'':.'::-¦ ' '"
•BjeFO-RE nipvlng get our. prfnted list of houses
. -to let:, BALDWIN. fc; irOVfELL.. 25 Post St.
\] : l •HQISES *T6 JjET-^FJUlixi^HEX*. ";- ;
FURi>*ISHF r ,D^hbuse. talet>t redufced rent; tQ
¦. : ..ropms. and. bath.-;: with : stable.; ', 2623. Folsom.
;.-.;st.';--a.pply- on :preiiii*;es.i. : v:ii .-.-..;i ; :¦¦¦-.'¦ ¦' .'-.
.4i&WE'legantJy fu.rntshe4 house; 10 rooms
:-Y;ana;-2 ib.aths: large garden;, grarjd' vtewj-; ¦ •"
\y_\ ¦ : -j ¦>; • :• i^ST 'and ; FQtry Hi • ''^y:-\/.y
tio:STir-A,t::d£pqt. in -jSausalUb. " P knyllsh : plig
'. '¦¦' dog;'' scap; :$n : rlfe&t,. ea.?.- .ftefuro-.tp .Nprth;
;;¦ ..-Shore. -R.;'tt.:rptfice;. liberal: reward, : .- ¦¦ ; " ¦: ; "\
'ipST-i-Sepf. 30; : pn:' East iCS genttcinari's gold
;':|ya^h; J;'P-;S-'; oh.case; : ; 1"<21 A > JJ'jwTlThil; jrw'di
:tpST-^Rear--seat fprau'tfimablie: ; Xptify : 12i
: .-^Cl,ty:.-ttall;:av.e.;.:julUb^;reward.^. : 'y;,- vf. .'.
:Li5S;T—^Red '.book Icqstalnji i checks, and 4 street
-. : ;p i ermrts.:: r -A; Ly.nchT, : 4.0« Xiew ; Mcrnt.; reward,
cbekER -iR'dniel dog Z black ;atrayed f rota 1106
•-¦ ; o giJita big.; r^wardv- J. : ' .. ?. -i . : - ; :'."•: ¦ > :
LOST^Sept; '-tS. small package, <JQntaining : %
;-J-{ouveWIr; spoons; ; r |2' rtt»*tr^ at. (jail c<ace. .,
If Wlli pay 4o* > :'Remember" that" th« Call torn U
, .., Watch. 1 Case. jCq.V. 220 Sutter . st.. ; needs. (Sid
: .. ;roiavi»n<T ullvVr tomsltV new wat"h cases.: '•
:;¦¦',.•; =¦:•-:.': ¦:';''£"' '¦ medical.. .-• :'...=;¦ ¦ ".-'ij;'.' .;:' :
.'ssjn. ' FjiANCisco^i "eminent : PHYsidiAN~
•;:...:;: ; ; K DOClTOR •WHITE—^ — . :¦-.
•:'•' ' ;.' TREA-TS. WOMEN. 'ON-LY. '. ;. : >' : :
702 'MARKJpT ST<, roc"m 7, > ¦:' Phctne Bed 3321.
..f:'Ever-r -facility ; for the. BEST.' treatment of
alLdisea'se^s.-and dl'sorjcfers of •women! 'Elegant
;sana:«irlum ? i Selec;; Datlents.: . Strtctly.' conff-
- qentJarl.- » T*ee3' tylthln ¦ the, raach' of^ all. ¦..'.' • ¦
MRS.iiDR:*WrX'E^H, apecJalist for all female
-.""complajlnts;. instant, relief \ guaranteed; 30.
v^yegrji-' ex:*>eHence; removed "to S2'J Posf st.
MRS.' blt^ KOHL., reliable, specialist fprall fe-
-' '.mtfja trojibles and. l-niegularltics; instant re-
-.'. '.llef-'i^iaranteed.* '. lC£S"»i Marnet it'., cpp.- Dth.
•.VUtp EATJSS. female plUs; best regulating pills
.-•sold-: price' $2 50 -by- ' ekpres3. Pasteur's
* syrtrrge *and' tablets; price $2 5-*. By express
¦ : • only: on receipt of. ijri?e., -OSGOOD BROTH-
'¦ ER-Sj ' ' *(ir*jplesale druge.*Sts, # * SetertV: and
.-'¦Broadway,. OaklfJnd. ..:..•;
DR..G: '*«*•. O^DONNELL— All wfco are sick ?>r
: - fn'-troiiblo .cohsult this •>pec:atist on female
• complaint*!: posltivfely corrected: the lir.'oi'-
" turfkte ¦ helped : the most /Hf.Ucult csset treat-
•'•edr-advi^e'free. ', Office, .1018 JlaiK.'t st. <
:Drs. '"Goodwin," 7.33 Turk) rir. Va-i" Nes»— Expert
• .in obstetrics. femal« complaints; ln*t.. relle't;
1 'treatment $10; hour*;, 10. to 5; -25 yn. exper.
VrS*' 0 - ALLEN.- 1] IS Market— Re t 1!able- ladies'
' Specialist-, a "pfivate hftme before- and.dui-irt;
•conflTiem«n*t; best medical" care; low fees..
A, maternity villa; private; secluded; conSflen-
"tlaU'Dr. EvFjink.ir. 141B Eighth Bt.. Alameda.
DR. •ROSEN, movfd to 2095 Folsom st , corner
2tStr?; relief $J0; b ladled exclusive «ffice.
sDR-and" MRS.DaS'IES and HINDOO HERbF;
. .orlgfinar-nethodjoT treatment 112C. Market- st.
DR. NG TOY KE.E. 310 -Pow«U a*., or.pos.ite
•S ViflJn square-; all diseases curea b> he*-bs. '
° m '- : ' »«ILLIXBUY. ..
/LADIES., you are icvited te visit my minlnery
. opening to-day and to-morr-w imported an-i
* ' y«w .York ha*;s. . MM'fi. J>~>&CH.. 207 Pout -it
V WiSCELLAVEiOl'S FOR \ SALE.
"DOES' YOUU- ROOK LEAK! " . *- •
I . Repair It with elaterlte. in rolls easy to. lay;
*' needs fas ¦ painting or coating; good over old
/." iron, tin or sNngles; oestfor new • roofs.
,-' • ELATEKITE ROOFING Co.. 713 Market it.
2D-HU. . machinery, boilera. ensine*>, puippi,
'. pulleys, ;ehaf ting, etc., eic, ' bought, void.
- rented .and exch>inee.l; -ee Sunday paper*.
;* H.-S. W*4lTE M-.CH"> CO.. 130-i:<*i Beale st-
iFOR''sale fheap,- v-5.' flrst-clasa Vickev to Co-
-.' lunibus, • Ofrjlo; suitable! for. iredlumi ' blorc^e
."lady; flpai limit, Oct. 15, 1903. Add-V»
• BloKdln; •¦ 800 K »t., Sacramento, Cal. •;
; A— Fi>e:sui*«. $7 W; dress pants, $2 50.. Origi-
nal Misfit 'Clothing Pat**?**. 23S Kearcy st..
near liush; open to 0 p. n.. Sunday to noon.
A— $3 OODERBY and. fedora, hats.. *1 .4. Pop-
¦ • ular Price Hatters. ' 330- Keamy »t.. near
- -Pine; open .till 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells «ir. rents gear machinery, en-
j glne*, bcilers, water pipe, shafting, pulley*.
•'.etc.. 'WHITEL/.W. 255-235 Spear at
FQR sale-r-Milllon iit .good new hard brick;
, at .Glen Ellen. -Apply to DR.- C. C. OT.DON-
NELLi 1021% Market st. • . • . N
.TRY .our -men's sh6es -it $1 and $1 50 pair:
t foot-form -shoesi at $2 50; we pay express
' charges. 113d St., Exam. hid. : 'catalog, free.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. MclN-
, TOSH «; WOLPMAX. ini-107 Fremont »U
FOR ' sale — 2 tickets Ea*»t: 1 .lady's and 1
/gent's. J. R.. 01 S Powell st. . ' .
PARKER Bros, gun and Irish setter for sale.
A-ppty 122 U'«ah- st.. -,'
SAFES— New and second-hand. -THE HER-
MANN SAKE CO.. 417-423. Sacramento '«t.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rent**;
- bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post •*_
MILES of pipe and fittings; all sizes. EU-
GENE RILEY & SONS. 109 Valle'o St. -
SAFE — Price $50. Bella Union Phonograph
Parlors. 805 Kearny st. • , ¦
MOVING picture film and sons slides. I 1 .-*
- Montgomery st. '
SAFES— Ne*T and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st.
All bargains:camp stools and chairs :h.-»mmocks.
- metrl 'beds.mattresses.J.F,Hotte>r.712 Ml-wlon.
'Edison phonographs, records; supplies, moving
picture rnachines. film*. Badgalupi. 'J3.1 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and lauacac*.
all sires.' J. E. DOAX. 4tf Fremont nt
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; 4lL
miikeg. ALrXANDFR A- CO.. lift M-nfty.
r JIISCELLAXEOl'S AVA*ft"S.
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. "J. HOLMKci.
. 1149 Market st. : phone Jessie 3741. »r po?til.
T1LTON wants good second-band licthlng and
theatrical Roods. 154 Otb st. ; tel. Jesals 2331.
A BIG price pajd for sealskins: send postal.
25 Stockton st; phone Bush 1S4.
-MliBRAjY.^ ilEADY,.'r4lind& 1 }T5 Jc^yist.r 'i:
?;¦":••. '¦••. PHO"N& MAII< 5SW,i- : ' '¦"' ¦''¦"¦ S".^
:^..;;i^e.-a<Jing.- Epjpioy:mient :anj ;lLa,"}qr fAgint-f;'. '
': ; 19.C2! .^E 'GAVE'. V ". : f:. 'lOO^rWE'tL^Giy? '
| v;45,(>w?MEtirivv;pRic, - - r.-^;t>^';'MEj«: : wpR^i-
"i 1 5*!97; raeji • waited . "for ' l :[.^'' •¦ "' ; * ; ¦':
. ' AvRIZDNAV : ; :¦¦- ¦''¦ .- - '¦ ' '-, '. . "• • : • , < ¦ . •' OREGO?*,
I .' , ; 5 • -••: • '- .. •¦••• t\'It4^T^, : - >U«M« -
;;A-nd all-, points. ri<jrth ; eapit. ;i«g'wth,- • on -Sj-ifthi-.
j. : efn Pacific .jarid'Sphta E"e J syite*n's; frefebass';
.-. jv^. --=:> .o.Njij.vERx'T.RAiS'.";--:.- -. ,-.'i= ':-•:-:¦
.:' -SB.CTl»N.;HAN:pSi'MVClJ:i5RS, DRIJit£R3v.
: ! '.; '*z* t *'2-'- G?u»gs.: "¦ : ¦ Teamst'et-sV. .^iamrhersnVeDi
, • • V : yil^iSi ITKNNEES,-': QtJARiilES; : ?• '.$ '-r
¦; .'fp;*»lners: ; ail:crt-er'StaVe : $00 and"?S2«30 ;. •'• '•; .
• ' l*5.ar"jn' e ra:-a)l over State, $Si-50 aildl $.7*.; v •
,.- .^fi4 .lftbG.r?Vs: miiclkeiis 'eve'ryv-he-'e;: $00,.
: : :$.75 ami&Zop:-.. "r. '.'\- ¦"{ .' -. : :'-; '¦ .:,\\S . Ai ¦-¦' ¦
.... .; :G4 <timi(ernV^. ¦.carnien./'furnace'inenV $io,: j'OQ. '
J :¦•"¦;¦ .'.v-FBUIT- pjcrfeERg^-tltFEE:^ i.: :;¦..-:
K : •: .137 • f rjulf '¦ eick^ra,-.; men ¦ or < boys,:: f?Or to $3J 50 '
-. -And fp.und-r ¦..- ¦¦. : .*' •*•'-.." '•.!.'¦¦¦¦ ¦''¦ - "'I-:' ¦¦.'¦ :
,. ; &3"A5$t..ES. •irARJlg.'OROTIAfteS,' RAIRIES. '
¦2^6 fatmandibrehard (i*"Ms: '$io, $j{5.:$4Q-fd : .
• :¦ IS?;. ?ntlk,e.cs,: bmter^ and'. " \jhepee; -niatefs.. $3fl
;:.. to $50;, JQuhdJ .;:.•-'• --f '*:' -'''2'M: "¦'¦{'¦''¦
r ; , : 2t». Gharemeii. ' coaclimefi. ¦^ardenerj; 'e£6:. ,$?0
¦¦•to $i& : iin&-,tbvii4. :..'¦:,: .'? ¦.:-.-•.:' ' -.' J>; .:' : • i- .-J
• mrstattfemet^ c'itjr.fe.od.'-j'puptr-/ job?, -$30;. to
s ..$$0 atd found. •:¦¦¦ ". • ¦ . ¦:¦:.¦¦-' - ••¦> .¦';;.: ; : • :: :
¦ :• ! v ' : ••'•-• ¦ :'.* : i •¦:•¦: .-.iiltHiBAY'*; ¦RfeAI>t > >-'-- : - : -
; _''•:.;-. ...r ¦:.:¦'¦'' ,;¦-' .•'::¦' * ¦¦) p\^.9j.% |
; cox>K&>ti ¦.J-?: "TCAiTTSRs^ ';•¦'•-; ' : S. ]
; ¦ • -24. co?ks. '¦: Hotels-,-, x^^taur^nt^jficanipa,- -mines
; ' :a"rid -ranches', ;city -and -<;piintry, -$3 *£flf J75%fd'.
¦ .12 watorj, atyjajicd cojinVr3r:jc>b-i,. : $25,- $45lfd'.
'. ' .Qfflce'.'box'. • ftiti.. errands;: $3.- week.v" :•¦
¦1>*>' eleyato'r- and :be?tl' . btjy¥ and-Rofters. : '' : -'- . : ;
' : .SCteward.: Cduoti-y^.^otei.*...V. : - ¦¦">,' '¦ ;>. : it- = .: •; ¦
¦•.-";• MX*^RAY^&;fiEAy.;'634^Cpg:Clatr;-8t.i ; '.
• SI^^^JCAL'AJ^QTH^R^;."; ¦ : "',' ; t^ *¦ '¦" <
' :t-' Black- J:opper-i; .-ac,: "•;*¦••;..; ;:- : - ;.« ¦.-.'.-.;•/. .-.j
:¦:• KT cabinet •mnkei's; *' . ..,.- '' • * •¦•• ; - . .' • :•' :»'<• ••'. .- ¦
~ !HT;ut-J)fl5-tsaTOyftr;".12 : "boy-i rearji trades, :;clti. •
h-. ¦-. ..¦•:-.•¦ sis' i?LACi^sMit.Ksj-.:> : > *
t. Also :mariy- Heliicj-s. ali| wep. Caludfnia,: $50; ;
f: • -sEo.-'^To,. jj8o;-:$ao ! - hnrfrfoifnd. ; ; : ',¦* . ¦ •¦! ;; '*-. •;
: : ;j , : A-LcJC.-ifEn'EVEliyiYftERP.: '. :•;• '
• ¦ ,(5C laborers aridvt&am^tey.". clt>; -B.P& cburttry;; •
;• some factories, mjtis; -yarBhauSes. extavatliig. .
Y '.l^itldthja, nvany Irj jPqn.. : Francls^oi tpja'to
H -bpar:d: ; h-ome.>;.$2; ; ;$C 25.' .$3 5O.n$2 ;t5 : dayj. ;tf«5 :
';t*armejj .and -'jfiirtiboe. rnen^. $67;.ari^ : : $7."k sf'*'
: ,' 35CJ' positions'- hb.t' -advertised, .:\': :-; ' '-... : -. :-• ' "_ ¦
¦. y ¦ '¦' - .¦'-".••:¦¦.: ¦:¦ ". ';;Come^-s>e; :.¦;.;:•:! .' '¦¦¦: ': :-'
: ... :£EST/: : FLA:CFrf- ' AT JVI.tTRRAYi 1 & ftEAX)Y'S8. :
.. 'swgest wjvGjEs- at- '•¦ ¦.eii-eseciax^st.
is^AMfjLt,s^>yodife. ;..ff :-. ;. : -=;^' ! .^.^ ':••;. '
,.i: I;- '['¦¦/} : . ¦: - -in '4 : - -spates; -¦'¦T- "(.•-¦'>¦'¦"? ••¦l/~- ¦
v C?3 laborers, -: hd <*'xpeHei*c<» iyBnted, t'$40; t»
;-.i$iO-apffi'fpari;d.".- : i- : il i ; . \'- :!; *•:•>:: ¦'- ¦;.:*' *. : ;
¦ Iftrt-nflji artidv>iard:men.'$50 to.: $15j).»^: : .'i f. 1 h '
i<2l;5.^OjJ»E)CMOPFER&.-X ::.¦.¦ ::-.'- I: •>.>
; -All -.classes' -of' 'px:perl>4j©e.d.- mfrri. for "¦ y?oodsr, ;
... j5i lls.:.ietc;, ; ' from : $3Q., jeoj:- $70; : -$S5. -$90, : - $1C(>, I
% H25 to:flSO ftoritV : T' •' >'•:.:-.:••. :v ;¦; ; •- .
,-iV:^ ; MyL'Rlfojy. & : RriAbYi,.;634^6:.ClS**:8t;r
• : 'V' ::-V •¦•^PfeClALV-SEfECIAll i '-Y- '¦•. •' A :' '¦
>:.. • :.•.?•:>•:; > ' •••TO-BAV; ': '[,. '%-.;'- S « : ' '
'"J---- --.:•- '.ARIZQN-Ai--TQ-NTaHT.: .'•• :'¦ H ¦
SVILIJE. . : .-pillCpi . .PLACER-v-ittE. :
.-¦iSH carpenters' •. helpers,. :vlabj3reV«;^;t^ahie-:er-.
, ' (trlllegs"- and • ptKsp' :hjf lp- ;Jrou g6;. $82. 56, $75. '¦
f ; $:«? c«*>.^ •.•">:* ¦:...->••;• :» :•".¦•;':¦:;•:::«•;-¦¦•:-?¦¦,
¦'* » ! , " ::: i P" sa^siill^ ;v:: : ¦¦•.¦•¦ .¦:¦'¦ ¦¦
¦ :.?.: : log ; lp.a4ers;-. $p5;;2H"*nJfer'fetlers. j."- : '
"«'5and;iaw.yeTVj v- :'.-:.;-.;•. •¦v'..-.:.- : ¦•;..;
: ;. -i : " ;;-•: ' 'SA-NtA' CRt'-ZrC-O^irY-^:',-. I'-v •
•;: 26 lab:orei«-f& ¦p.ift:-lutn'b>!v T $60:.* • ? :-;['•/-¦: t. : v '
'!:. v- x; 1 :'.:.^iiiLi.TS T 4^^.u.Jci-Aij^ "-¦- •;. .-: •
-W'SSi -Jtefittsters,;; : ; Jjbptfr-S'. :: > erq,.P''*.ree--'far i s. .
-Spy pyi-.- • • ¦ i J '. ;'. ; - : ...-•;..}•.-; ;./.- .;..: .:•;. '-:•¦;;. :•:
:; A Coopers; {afefpry *worfc^$a25'"da"y.r.M''-'. ". ; : :
• Ealntsfi ;brysJi,-h,ahd, : lCc:fftreV $2".5Q day • * '
.v Sntfeher :-vy^gqH;3o!b,far«:$.L- $35:ah'd : fQuij(I.*' '•
' - 1\ .utrOnr JSpV^'iS" y&itig^ hi^n { kji-ty./miH. $2 ''day..
•.: tyr&UitTfthn-ji lOrnhier f<vjip3.tJ"Ti i?55,- %nd -Toiind. •
,'-'iiead:.I|toIt>efcf-'Io'i!ser,'.$Of)..-- . J- : :: •"• ; • » : :'.ji:: .'"
¦•..?':•.:-•'=• '. 'RE.sj:RvpiR.-\V'piT ; K.. : -- ¦?--¦: % - ' -. -
"•V PC .te>"ms.*>jrs • arid,' 1 la befe^rs.- fare •$! S5>. $60, '
- ; .^7 S^-' r.vr-V 0 ¦••¦¦•• : V. '• ¦''•'- : "v :.••;¦•"•";. *
2/v|'.';-:-y;.:>-. : -t.'- OsRE<3dN 4 ;:'::; -,' "' : ¦'¦ v . -'¦ :
••¦ .WAi^.:jfr-N*fts^oR.EG:i>N'--.jmE.E .: fase:
\ifr> c-dai- mrrtfrs^OR.t-G(-:!;X";s:i:t- ( >$r.'aay.- -. ;
-.;¦.; .—¦B-i^ : N^EAV:'t^.\\X^I:i^-''H'A'tF:>AR : E4".-' :
;" 6.T tjmjter nl»>'." . r '.;•-'.¦;¦'¦ .!;¦ : . : "O'^SSSO"
• : ;^iJ'ptnch^. -5Vff<T«nt:4oB?, : . : $30, fS&$Sft.-44Pi--
¦¦¦,*7p.'..-«So ahS. found-. -,..'? ; s ;.(-, : !V ; , : ;.'.- :.-- "
. l?igK # r r igetrF;«,a.\>er,= $5' : 23\ a : daV;..Hariay ri$aufc
•^•With->M.ir!,' J2.'25v i. .' '••:.'; -. • V .'.¦> i-':;.rM- .'.• ; : ,
•"• '!..rcent:c.>ilft*s ; - "$J5 -ft-wki'-v' £ '> : -;' i-f-'Vv
•V fiHSi! >WAKT-Ef».' "AiT iUjRR.A-T. &' : RfiAI>Y'S.-
:^ggy_|glUA^S:-^t;j : -;-ta4-(j36 :jC-fry ¦ St..
¦:¦ •':' • ; Yb«r^-$*5£SES^ : ::i : " •'.- •"•
2 "^ vr^^M 3^^ 0^ •:: ::: • >
•¦ ip*> <?*-eofs.4 .or -^'ccrtUBuese/. .pfrwAWorkv::'- '; •
'• t. r «.. Jiijllan-*; ij'i- -"Slav??nthnV "pe wv. work/.;: V.c
•' ifinvAwstfitii^ • orfSnttnlT'fVds/v'neyir^'WrOrV;,' 't '
••\i65 M«lcanv6r;VP*-Jsrans,:'n4^,'wQrfc,;- :; - '•¦ ;
' .^^j^|lgpAJ^ :^;.-R E^Y£^^Qj£la/^RV^, :
:•' ?r ? :;•;' /> M.iptXiCii-jJ s oiRxiiEBs. "¦'¦:•.•¦:..¦: : : : :¦':
¦•• Grkder-;:. ydgaT-.-iVpe lumber; : SS>Q', '¦"¦'"¦'" ' ¦ -' ! :
'..r : ?ino.'^aB.,: i r.urayer..cdi^nany. : ,$i:SO.da'r.'.-. : '
.... ? :youTog Si\f n^ learn Jeatl>;ec l t-ufij?.Tn«r,.''$O wee,'k«-
.;: Msn:,ahd. wjfe,' .ifa-hcH^ iegsy'Jqp.. J30. found. " ;
. :•• rV.w-AnnHP-ua^ii'.vFARE;: '-U.*. ¦ ¦
.•.:.jr. : ljjbofe5 S ., yOu'-lP suit;?.:- $3; diy; 1 '-:-: 1 ': : /.- : .-
: - Ciftb^r^re.-NtylftfctojJy.K-jaiUi $1 60 -frt $1 ; -75j-
:'Jfcani5Jen. city-, $2 2r.:d3'y.--- •''• •I-:."---'-:-'-'- • .
•¦¦.¦Mcat."C-i)tteTs | ; .sRbfi" 4l3^»hbD.'.1t-utchei< $2 50.
• ij;/ rrlCi-K J-fAUANS^FREEiFARE... -.. . s: ¦
•'.-:' :.T0f.'LOS:AN&E^ES o AND- ARIZONA, ¦' '¦" '•".
'¦ ji tirismiSKs.:; facjt«}ry.. : c"ity, •** a. *3ay> : - ¦'..' , :
•-.p'oopej'; factbf'y. 15? .tar<f. $3"2.V /lay.-:.'. -¦ "• ¦--.
\ /? paftiters-;"stripei "ana- letter, $2 5b:ajid' S3
Afy-.i-'-.i ¦•};•' :£••;-;¦ :•;"-.-: - •• . '}-C-';i:-y\r.-~
;. IT def^t; kaiifts; 5..-frelght. handleraf.' • ;t- . ' ..
•V :jCarpe.iftet.;'Kioritei-ey- bounty/. $3-' 'day. ¦' \T. : ".-
'• "Cook-.-anfl ¦te'ffe ' fo» -sawoi'll crew/'boss- here,'
: . -lfalr i'ai<i- :;•' .":¦••: .:1-.". : • ¦ '.'. : . • '¦ •.' ' -
. Cook anU waiter; NevatJa-' $50 and . $*J'5 fd.;
- 2. Geri"no'n-Swl«-° milkers- l»fe $1 -?3.".-<3O fd..
•Jfarpferi-ter's .helr*?c. '<ltj>.- ,$2 "to.-$3- day^
s. Saw | filer. ' cKV mill. ..$3-. - boy : ,1 o' r^ boiler? ' $&
Tool yi/ia'rpener.'. -camp-, I'.ire43 !><)., $50- found.;:
' o "young', fpan. • .meat . iparketi .:care -3 '.horses,
$jI5 ' found." ' ' I. : "-.' ¦' • "•' " ''..". °- • ',
AValt'erv country loUwe.- $35 found. ' •¦: .' •
S. "laVbrers.^ factory. 20c, fare'. > $14 ! tfeek. '."'
' Coal :'.>-*ir.d.- feam-iter, . $2. i day .< j coVjk, . sa-jmill
¦ Company,. ' • ' :". ." '--• ¦;• :'. •
" Fourth, hand baker. "10c fare.. $30 ftond. ¦;
.. Jjheeri'*erder.V-$*O found,?.;-sheep?h?arer.' 7c.
. '2 coopers factory' 20c .fare, -$3' 25 day.-..:-"
: ' ¦ / ] -FSEE, :F^RE. '.'¦'„
. 12 .laborers- 12 miles away,.:$CC? ' o • ." -
:•¦: MUjtKAY'fr, READY; C34- t 630: qay. jrt. ; _
¦ r ~~: rt "; '. '. ' "i:4si'DE.WORk.o ! ' - - „ .
No --Isst time, wfjrk 'every -ofty-. 1 yf.ar rou'ncj
• •¦' ;'- . Fare, sieclal. rate. $5.
' 55 laborers-o.l-you.can Sn It; $60 to $75. •» ' •
. •:. « MPRIIA.Y & READY.- 634-03(5 Cfay ,st.
free/" ;, * .*. tins, ra- it. ';••_= free.
53 laborers 'no experience i wanted? $.67 50. .
J;-: 22 miles. away; 0" aourt- work..' .¦• .
$1 fee $.t f eo. • $i.fee-, $l'Uee.";Tha»s all.*
/ * MURRAY & READY.' . C34-63(f.Clay St..
WAGES '.'•- . " $ii>. •„
WAGES , r ' . ¦ $S2 50. ; " TJAGEtf
: .13 2T"horse,. .4-liorse -teamsters', J&75T „¦"
' 2t) labprers' and miick,prs. .$75. . • * ; ' '• .
20 drifler? and headeKnen. $,«2 50. » • ; .
i .Manager 'nere. o GosJi' y»u $1 re-> .That' sail.
I-.-'* ' DiAM'ONp MATCH ••TRUST. * .
'CHlC€r-BaTTKc ' ,- • v CHICO- BUVTE.
' :¦• -MU31RAY & READ'Y. 634*(gJ6 ? Clay j S.U .
'A CLERK' ou'rofflce, young man. # ltving with
parents «ri cit3>.' .S-all inTteV* p.. m.^.i^UR-
HAY;& READY; C34- aryi .630 C&y sf . . .
"¦'• , !:"•• ' o.' -to-day: . ¦ . , * ' ; * . $2 so
. &5 laborei : s for .big lumben company", no ex-
--p'erienw. wanted,.,, $60 "to .$>& perimonth;
» b*ard '.?15 monfh. • * > . 1 ' ,1 *• % ':. ; * .
i 3J.URRA-Y & READY. 634-6.*f-* .CJay «t.
OFF, IQE" ' b«y *• wa'ntsd by Vnsu'ranc'e'.flr'm. *e-
.^"Lween'tnc aeeft or 12..*a v i,a'. 18 yejars:,. address
.application .In ,:aoDUaan<.*s haftdwrjtlng: Box
offlgef ,%* •; '. '• ' ''¦ '*'¦'_
SALESJMAN', .tfaveHrjg or *loca"i stapfe artlcfe
atf side 'HnV for drug and'.kindml \rades; fuji
*¦ <:ontr>r of 'territ.ory; pockpt sa.mple- case.
*BAY^R % CO *Beefcrnan' sf/. New Yo-k. ¦ )' -
•WANTED — Laborer-) ahd-'niechanrcs- tt», know;
R-olkiri Reno:House.:proprIetpr.' has
added >.i«K) new- rooms to t.Vie Denver 'House,
217- -Third «t:; 250 rooms; 25c to.uOf pcr^night.
MGN" to^iea'ra Dar*ber -tirad'e: only '.8 w'e«.k8 re-
" quired'; "speetai o'ttcr.' tWs month-; catalogue
¦•dnd fuH information' mailed .free. .MOLER
• S.YSTEJM COLLEGE. d2S Clay ¦ at.
*WANTED^-"S'»:perjen6ed '.'cTomestlc ¦ salesman".
'Apply between 9 and -1". a. . rri; at HALE
BROS.'-. ' ¦ • ' " , •". • ¦
W ANT-EP —Rough carnentftTS and laborers;. Ap-
- ply'Toom U. 2C Montgomery St.. San- Fran-
acig'co- Construction Company, ' ; ¦
WANTED — Errand : boysl". CAILLEAU'S. 114
Kearnyst: ., ."' •'•• ; *
*5*inST-GIiASS salesman .'in stationery stoiv;
atate qge. salary, experience: ¦ P,ox 120C. Call.
WaNT-E-D— Ccat, 'iraker'- steady work. 3056
• ¦ T-wenty-fourth' st. *-»__L_
WANTE'd— Twa oyster .men. 4C9 Seventh st..
Oakland. ¦ . ¦ .' . . * - ''
SOLICITORS -'or portraits on the'lnstallme'nt
•plan; big comml«slo.Rs. ¦¦ SS2 Howard st. • •
BARBERS — 2-cha|r shop, cigar stand, for
•sale. RICHARD,- 14 Sanaome 'st:. room 50.
BOY in tin shop-' learn trade;- 16 years. 033
Mission st. . " • . '¦-'. * ' .
JEWF.LERS. 22S Bush' St., room. 4, third
floor. ¦ ¦ . ' ¦ .
3 .LABORERS, Fourteenth . ave. and N st.
• south ; take Kcntucky-Btreet cars. '
FIRST-CI.ASS ladles' tailor wanted; good
pay. M. TRAUNER, 70(1 Sutter st.
FOlt - pale— Gocd-Daying " 3-chalr barber shop.
Apply 229 Fourth st. .
GOOD exoerier.ced cutter; no -other need.ap--
• pVy. S N N. WOOD & CO.. 740 Market st.
WANTED— Energetic salesman for ¦ outstds
work. THORNE &CO.. 312 Bosh st.
McDONAI.D, & PERRY- have a large stock of
new and fc.cond-hand shijes; cteap. 239 3d st.
PENSION atty. E. A* Bullls. room 40. •; Phelan
: ' ; bldg. • Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
MAN to- do Janitor work for tuition ' ia S. F.
Barber School. 741 A' Howard st. ;
»•".<¦.'..¦-.-•.•¦¦- :.; - : '-::'¦ "r-vt •'•;•;:;•¦.:.¦ ; ¦-- . j- * " <:"¦-•¦-' jf -/¦-¦*' i '.:
; |;'isi«\VlNG -MAC^I'K'IS JdRI^K ATPRS! A>*D-',RIV-'
! '•' : E1M3RS i" XO: EXP:ERIE.N.CF>.^N«$GEpSA|tyi ;
: ::• pj^iD eAjiARY::- LKv-r ,STRAi;ss= & Sf^|:
- ; ¦¦¦¦ • FAC*roKiKs;':32 vi- ¦ krempn't sx. ,.JVKjp.4s«5«
¦-|-. ' M.fsSIO!??.i, NEA?R, FIFTEEN/T?'- .'¦>'• :•?:.''.':•'•
•i:A JLJAIPYbifandomttable'e^erii'y' -to- piaTce tfi§he%:
!•¦ • qhd'a • eoiiviheinir' 1 talkgr'; •"••¦¦*<?: •: PERSON*;. 47?:.
'.j. and A7S :Parrgtt--.buitdthg. / ';;•¦ j, - '¦¦'.:¦ : .-rr^l'.i
¦pWAifTnSO^tJi inidSl«-iti^<uh iiea't, ' trtduatiipvia
•i : : tX-bman. 'ton- housekeeper -oh 'ai rjaiicn } • no;-JBh-.
;,;• ¦ iectibn? to: .clilldjen. : ; iVp.p.lyvll^S;' IWssjtb-J . st.'
.[.' ipr- part>oul-arfl.-. : 0 :: : ' : ; .'¦ : L ;\. . .=:. ... ."&..''':
, P WANTPt^T-First-clia?!! :- s.ktrt i--: -&ai iaiUrsitlbri
j • hands. 'iAcprj- betweeh;'U' 4nd.'l 1: '*i- W»:VS"A.'
':j' .frALE. -BROS/' :."•.:,;': |- : f'.;:':' ¦l-l": .•'..' ; ' ='.=i"-'. -.•..'
I' W^rXfit)?i*SJ-rtlh*i',: XtffiuSar. '.who fht an ejepof i-
"!-. ericejl dry Koi>dB:;wTap;p.>r.'.' A'pgly betwefen.'p..
'jf. 4'rid It a,j.m,-ar :i H^LEi:gRQS:!;' % .-.V ./:;;. .-•;;¦¦
; W'^NTEp^Flrst-class .lrojier^'bnr "itfrch .Work i'v
' ' • p£;.a*r. Viad,?; • perwTari*'n,jtv position ;*forv.jgfo6)l-
:' ;¦ ';3a72i. ! Ml$si0h.. ; s.t.;. •--.'• '._;.- ¦":< ''].
; QIjRESi to-sjtW ' on h'obks' eSntl- ej{es land . tnitfbns...
; ;.- .on..l4dies'>>ai5ts;-: ste'adV .W^rk. ' K0NI0-.
-j: . stein. -2$ Firstiiit; ¦; :; y : " •.;••:¦:; *¦ - •..'•-*..':.-•¦; .
.'[¦¦ FirvS.TrCLASS : 'sktrV, : «nd : *.wa'ist'ihah,ds,' ; . :i$l&.
p» %.crAme'ht,o:St:;.-near Frti^l.rn,';- " }..¦••'*'..•: ;
I UliiLS abautl5 1 fqr : f4etory"'wSrks' gpod wage*. - 1
:[ Apply at-tfece.-/tMEa* KARRIS', 100 Sacra;- .
'•' ' ?.tj ; .'• !'¦'. ., : . : . V: ¦':'-.•-; /.,' ' }; ' ':'¦':¦¦;' '
.W^tfiJ^FIwt."Cla5!?:.wal«t,';sR'lOt*>.and : :«?ft
. ! ha.ncg: . J.'. BAEh;; iS.0O;qe.ary;. nt. . ." . ' : l ] : • ¦¦'•
W^TED^GJrl' d<j ebok;inE 5 an4' g.eneoral WbUs.ij-'
;• .yof tij . 'rgf i. '. ; ;App.ly mpftitpgB/ :}~0Q -'Baker. *it.'-.
: GlTU>:for.geher'al hbtuse-ypFls and' plain: CQO.k"ln&.\
.,]' 42..-S,t.a)iIey :^t:,' - : ,beti ¦¦ Fjlrst''.' and. ;Secqnd.- ¦.}. -.'¦; .
•fi'fl tAIJlES.of 'giibdlacrdres* <o r.epreiep't' : a .ri'lgfi- '
• * gr&tle ;ittag3-iin-ei |;.'*>9. •Qplunibi-afa hide-, ;City:.- ;
; FiRST-CLA^Sr smibsfajtfiers •fur-il^Ded.' i,^ll**s
'¦• ¦ jtf,'. p,. paTte.ttj.yrnsIruc.tori. 3&£. Mohtgome-ty. £
; CLASS;IF^Ei> aayVrtfserhents nodV subscrlpttor.a- \
. . .jr>?ci?lvqd'>'t. CaU, branch'. e^^ceyi}^ Flllmti,r> H. |
•a :h«iANi?H xiitci'.idT .CaH. ad.vertlsr;ment»;.aBd.
.]• fv>icrlntlpri«. has', beep ' irstabl felted at. -. : li»8 m
: '.' '^iifencla-.st. " ';..¦'¦' ;-- ¦-'¦-/.. .-.-/* " ¦' '¦•¦*¦ ''']'¦•
¦| ¦•,.T ; -'.^li;J3ip;:.1iV'A;XfrED^^A'L-i^ ."' t ? ',-" : ;-'- .
> A^'C.iR'.-H'Xlif.SEiiJ iG0,'S-. Ui^MP/. AGENTS.'
¦J ;420 fctiiph 1 ttv: :.;;..;•/, :S.<-; . ..; ¦ :.-;&42,ofey •¦*•;;.
:. pHiP PAIfiY^THlS •WEJClCiFOR NEVADA.
.. ! 3lix'> Jiibdrerst, 'Feneabpi .titty.. . -, .i^ <*» V*..iijV- 'J2 j
: ; : .1 Q0- tebOTcry; JJeowawe;; .N£v . .:.. i>.;. .'.;. . i. s\ • -*2 "¦
{¦ n Q0 labbrirs.v Gcrfconda-V- J>:ev,i'.v ... «« • • »*.•' ••"¦* <
••¦ iOO-Ub^fers.:' Reno;- ' Ne.v . .: . .:/,...-... i. f - . :. i\ ¦' -$2 .
•'- : • a.W laborer*. •Val'itiyr :N?V'< • •«* '<• • • *¦•'• > iiV.vJy? '
'.;• .¦:¦• •- : v ; :.v-';./'"..Board. ; $4 : 'S0; i We*: UY V| : -:;.-«
.: ' ifl^ipltftfciSf; iPriee; ;Fttre., h^ . : vviQffice .F^e, : Jl-.
• : -. i.-'i'-. :*fe^': MABSlJ cb'tJNT^.' C^L'..; v !- •;. . ¦ ¦
: .; :%u^Vrs; i^tjiwjt&e-n-Ia'boreijs>:v$3 3$ to:|2,WH
; . : V?^bsbiH^y; : .i^^Fai^;foj:.ili.
•; ¦ ; rb.iAM<)S'b; ma-pch. .^6.; • c^.? ' '
• Bbcfemfej?;:! laborers-.;:. ', .v;.^ ,-.v . >. -i-$2 25. toy? 2; 50 ;
¦ • ti'rsi'-'- :' ;^': -1 P^^g; fafei:.$2rgQv: ¦•?. ;¦¦ ¦¦£. :^:\
'- SrsJJert; .country-^oteU $50: iSe?ond'cpol^-, h»i".
. . '-tVli 1 1'north,: $50: Jbiiten /same. place', :.$40s sec~;
': ' jo'V-d : . fioofaC elty>'$69-$4.0.--«ook,;-co>int;ry: hotel;
: ''J?0; '2 Alters; c<7ahtTyihc*el*,;J3O;:<J belVand -:
- ¦'-:.: 'l.-'.'' : . v..- "~: ":¦>.' ';
v fc: ;• r. WAN'sfcij; ¦%-. :co,'.s e>jp: •ApEwqr',:,
':¦ '. .^;Ba.8fi;-stvi^-> v J,c;::;:^... : v.^.4^.p^sh ,s.t.-
¦; bpy' : * b^'jhi*?.bifie»r.:^.;'.'43p' Bi«jii :st> ' ;
¦ ; 5': : W0.bl>CH"pPPE"R : pV- $'i.;tiifer. ' : stp:*.;e f aVe : '.
i '¦ -ad;vanci^}; : taifch ; ' : blacksiiiH'tH;.$'.4O .and XftHSaJt*
' .irijjjij al&u.$< place;. S'tftfariif fp^njaiVfiJHx irVai.lfT^
.' : \iSXfi moritti;: chore'tnan,-:ponHXy : '-r.Aqcfif '••$2 t> -
¦'" ¦"¦b*v&: fo.aBdj-'majj: tbt >)ir*tn'tlng' -^crub.'- $2. r j a.nd:
.-found*: mar>:-a'byut : mllk; l^epot;; $25V latwrprsj
'.'.. '$2 .day,-ynV.ar4-yirie-n; : $2 25 aay-,'- nred- pv)?ersr;
I "; '¦ ?^;F. : ¦.CBOS;BT.f; j &:.C : Q; : .'(ys Sac-ranaent^r^t.: : -
-. '/CfcASJ&EN^ft^Juid : !(*O iSncf: jbundl^m'ant
Fj • >afld- tj}f«;-"jj«V|ifft.;.;ainl}*K-^"f£*iia;;l"oUI}d;?'^
.- . : #rf'rrne-;B-. j ai)<J: -.wives',- ;^.i>."^ind i ''K>5'apd 'ftJttnd'.".
¦', > ..por-ter...-'aii^-.-.Wife,.''.<4;5:- afi.*. foi'irfd';- f-ij'finplt; : a.]pd'
' : '• *j*!iU: ¦ ";NJe>'ailfl;i.:-.S4Jj-"Wnd;.fc?undV - fa.Sa; *!'{
, ¦ . : -y^ee'd';.''TOa-r'rte/f-viney-afd'ist\t<f .^tm- ptaf;e '<?n«
.; .i^hares-. : -'.: ; J;-. *-F..'-CKq&ET>jg. &VCO;. )-«2S Tsjicrp.''-,
|jy^" t ?;:;*it^.'- : :- ;•:. \..:& ' ;,.v ';= : : = . : y- - .. : . : -:/: : .-: ;
:• ' rpjt.TEU." : 'c(5v»iTy'.^btei;x$25. : .iind' •foii-ii^jV- 2;:
¦, . ljfip.ftors.-:Xp^. 4hstl/utlon<5,--. $20/.-.anii-. $,'JOj;'a*id;
ibpaVd[''.b<jaT»ll?ig--'hp : i:se' : ;cfiok',. : i?rfQ gnd ifbUntl::
¦ 'HtSie>'.-v3gei!bad-'» -j(iick.- : j-A-couMta>V /$'50:,-;;'and.e
: • : t0Mnarb.bariJinK-HQUfre-:,'»-a;lte;r' r J $30 sihd:fi*jih\l;J
K " :l Fi6.ter K.aite.^'-yrtO'.Eiiio; frfujld ;, : r«fltau^inf^-afc,f- : ,
!i ¦. i'eifi i&afXOi$Sk.' ?( !a -' apd. Jwurid •, ¦be<i/n%\^ef^kh^nr : :
% • ; t»y:' resitturarit r p«rte"r; i "-t.10',--.'.iJna- -ithetst ;^J.-*
•; ,'*^-:;!CR : 9^Ij^:&VgO.L'^}t'.Sy^^eyto/a > ; t ;' - -^/;
( ' a¥a<?/' KI?EY- 7& ICqi'S.rwi' Cfej^me-ila.li'st ¦ - - ;
• i : - sEV'Dorafltft'.'Cg:;' 1 Acrtte' :C'O;, :;Rerit>.. r Nev/*.-Wfc 5
': ;'ship free' Sfite..mt' Alii p3hs. ' ' '}• .? > '¦¦' 1 .-•'." ..- ¦' : :
;* • ¦'>v:.a4teri--cjty ;hi}t:ei i '" $5X>'ind;,-fiftinda .••'••.•/••-';
% • '^iJoUe'rwiiker; helb«ir8:''?.r I ee f.^f.e> *• !f,-i/.j.: ! .:?^i
'.i ' . :.l^Bor« 1 Ts;,i. t tei.ty,-.i°|2'-,day. r .--.'" ¦'L-i : ' ;.- ' '.-; " T'; .-;
: , ¦ ;OaH"- earty.^;boiy^'.; -.W-erhave "hundreds -of ;<r»?wj
) .• 'Jr>b's- fer' 'ol'fl ¦a.rrav-yojiriB. '.N-q- : stt;ike»; : -'N6''
:; ' '.-fafjeip.'. ;.C. 'F;REYl
:• fa-.] i!Q:'.- vPhbnEvMajn; 5 *i">75. ''i' '.'¦!' v> "; .;-¦
'¦ ¦' ' . ' *" I —^-*. > ''. *. j*.' *.;.'..¦ i ',*.* f .. j, ' ¦!*.'.* rf— i
:. A cobk:fbr'auite. r int<itution; $35
iprivate'-ilamHy,
• . .--found r -a' young" n?ah to w.arkj-'afrbund' an>:fnsti-"'
' ; ' 'itil^ien. ¦S'O-ahd'fOUnd-.^l.lSS.vkj PLU-NJ^EtS 1 /,
.425-: Sutter. Vt. , 'rigaf. Pbw-ell. >:•'";.. '. ¦' ' V "• '.'<*'<
• A-VrftXDTUL' .•Sa'SeVte; . :; 2ft Md-htffotaefy.:;- 8t.j*
-. -V^ofnjKh^Slghl'vclejrki' $2a.'. 'bellb.qy, : .tt\$,C ' i.'
A'.'TJlAJl : arid wrfef raan-m'.ust "inderstand: ga-rtfi'
= 'enlng;' ${)0.-- f MRS:-:.KORtO^--313 Sutteff.str ' :
'. AV^NTED^-For'i'UC: .S. 'iMartrie. CoVps./'Jibfe.-;
ibo/lled : un.n«iirrhxl':nv;n;;'!petwe.en' 21 -anj'l "iaj
•-gb«d tjiaracter:. inust- .SDeak'^ Sead.. and '-write'
English: .nidranes- .sef>fe-.at; : Sea ! oh meh-jjf-. :
¦war' In al.I -parts' .of.-.the:icorl«!, .on land. */r pur.
.isl'ari'd' tioss«islarj8,'.«and' at haval staticns'.in :
•'ffie.' United •• Spate's;.' .Apply 'artfrecj-ulthig of-*
.- ' ".lice^ 40 Ellis -st.,-..San .Krajicl,sco, Cal:"r -and'
¦ . • ..40*.' K «t:.. Sacrameri-tp/ Call ;.-: ;•' , v" ¦" .•
GOOI 8 "> s'afesnian'..f-or handkerchief • deparfmeii-t-
i- ; in" a lewjinc. store; .most Ire thoroughly b,c-:
' -cTuaintecf . Virith- s'tdck"; «tftte. experlenc'e,-, sjl-
.¦ary. -exBected. jigev"' etc> : - A.drfress " box 40^1,?
, t'alf- office.' : •'..': ;"-.* j-' . • ;.'.' - : • •:
FITRNITURE salesnian : wanted; 'one weU'pol?t-'
! td in' seco'nd-liaqdi fiirni.ture; good wa-ges""to.-
right • jnan.- ' .Apply 'td 'H;- SCHKLLHAAS.,
4CS Eleventh st;. CfaklamJ. -..,..• : ••;• .. - *
' YOUNG men. every w-feere- copy, -letters -home'
evenings; .$'0 5*- wfeek. Send -addressed-" en-
velope for particulars. Manager Dept. W-4,'
' box- MIS. Philadelphia. Pa. • ¦ .• - .-
1 WANTED — A gentleman to teach Spanish one
, hoirf In evenh.«j and for which sert'ice recetve
Instruction 'm ''. bookkeeping, penmanship,
• 'shorthand, etc. Box 4019, Call. ' ,.'."
"¦ WHY i^ay bii< prices to have : your "hoes/half-
soied when you- caii get It done for 25c; 50f
• .and 60c. while vo-u wait at 5C3 Ivtlsslon sU,
bet.. 1st and 2H „ sU.", or 11 oTT-.'ird • st.? '.
» WANTED-rFour stewards S.° S. Isls, bound-
for Hamburg, Apply to captain, Broadway
dbek 2 or Unlon-st.whiirf, Friday morning-. . •>!
WANTED— 'hespens ble man for steady; posl-
'tion- $1^9'- cash security cre<iurred. 1032. Mar--'
ket st.; "rooru-. i: '' . • • ,'
. MAN .w^nte.-J t.o rell rUffl.ed cnptalns in" San
Francisco. O JOHN"M." HASSAL'-L, 78
e'to IJoston,^ Mass. 1 .'•.»•„ * * • '.; '.
EXf'I'RIEN'vJE'D. cdrtafsrT,,. drapery and ' -I'iitioi'-
• stery tair-jman. " Apply Su£>erln f .en<lent's of-':
flce, o Empcrjiim. ' * • ° t ¦
- WAXTEC, — First-class - c domestic 'saiesman -;
•6tate hge, e'spcrlonce and salary "ex^ctectf =
Apply Uox :4(-24;'' CaJV. . •> i C J " »"¦ " -.
' B'6'Xf, about; 17,. periljmc-.departmenf, 0
steady ; ° advancement;- d Applysl.01 : " First- st.,'-
! > f^in F c rancl 8 *sco. ' ». m . " . " ¦'$ '". ' ;
I, A° MAN 1 of Indomitable energy arjd push.'aj'good^
talker, eager 'to make money. FV. -PERSON,
' -477 arid 4ff8 Parrotb building? -. • : ;^
': 15 BARBER chalrs°and m.achlneipr as a whole.
:• .or In 'part for .s&>le a{, Rus's °J louse .barbel*
otijiop, 217 Montgomery st'.. - * .¦ • .. c; • • j
TRY our. menja Rhoe!,.jinkin- made, at $1 and
$1 50 per ,.uair. foot-form shog's at $2.50, (Jr
*!,r.thupecllc,shcKB,$3 50; best iibpes o.n cartfi. 11*
! ft Thlrd st., Ejcam. Ijldg., 5 dqor^ from Slarketr
W\\NTKr>o*Errand " boy ' in: printing office. '
; .EASTMANI.& MITCHELL,'' 4B •Market "at.- j
WILL buy good paying birber . ship, city- or.
- _country c ir take go o od job. Box -4022, -Call. £
. l^RIGHT clean i;a.«hbo*iB" wanteU. -Aprjly Su-
.¦pcHnten'dent's .0fh o ce/-The Emporium..; .
, BOY to 'isarn bookbinding. jXr I. WHELAN
;• '& CO.. 42-44 •Stcuiirt st. :.
YO'UXG --ian- to^fecd Gordon'and' Job preasfea.
1G Fremont st.,.top floor. -. ,. ; .
' BbV to lfearn trade an* errands. HARRIS, 13
Trinity sf., bet. ; Mcntcomery "und Sutter. .
WANTED:— A cook's helper, who Is capable to
¦cook short. orders. Apply IS East ft. i
. DISHWASHER wanted; small restaurant; '$15
' - per month and .found. 2723 Sutter st. • •
WANTED— Bedmaker. '261 First «t.
BOY about 15 years of age for, men's furnish-
ing store." ; 424 .Kearny' st. '.-'..• ' '•
• BOOTBLACK wanted. £05 • Scott St., -near
, jjlairht. ;.. :.;¦»; v ; ' ' v. , ; ...:..;
. DISHWASHF'R for small restaurant; $0 week;
,," half day Sunday. 258T; Market St.. nr. 1/Jth.
AN experienced Gordon presy,. feeder;- Sterling"
press. 220 -Stevenson St.- - ' "I
"WANTED— "4 good tinners and sheetiron work-
.crs. Apply 21C. Sacrament? fit. ' ,
WAITED — First-class marker and distributer;,
permanent position to good 'man. 3372 Mis-
sion st. ¦;•/ . \ *.:•:.,¦,,-¦ *
FOR t-ale— Barber's . nice two-chair shop, at
¦j half value if sold at once. 2522 Shattuck
avc.."Dvrlght station, Berkeley. .. <•
WANTED— Young maiV from 18 to 20 years of
age to Icarn" Uie dry coods business. Apply
I . . between 0 and 11 a. ni. at HALE BROS.'.; ;
'" AVANTED— T«ung mau'Who is an experienced
. • dry goods wrapper. Apply between 9 and 11
• a. m. at HALIi BROS.'. BgaBH
\ . ¦-; : .- : ;: ¦'..''¦ "\s pn»Ti'j.u^;j .¦ ' '.. i,,.^
MME.-Y^eNO-^:.'c^^ii'S» t^^^ Wl
• nlKht.- life cvi U'-AUt^H *n * r K*wl£SBf'i
i.^S ¦jdu^-t^-^W^^efcy^'A^*/? 1^ !
{ PKOFT.Fred"!'.' J-;,viiti?l' : nvteU. lisy.oW^t^r.-'i.lSteiT
•VwruiD5'a.hd-c t .ar:>.o>ar ;^.- ;^ i *' < R-SSJI^S^
J i :1 llJ2 Jyddy ' st ; -h r, ..Qfta.Vl^Ti^o^gi Sept} SSrt.^
i MJS7iiTERHAn5T% ? pfrij^iis j«£l°hsy^ '••
' '""j" ' f^:-ir 2^^ d?Bt!^-5*y^:^rf *> •
rc^Xr^ii^ER-B" !^S.#^
f; to-n lght ;v >o' ck>ek j gl f f Hj-rvii- ;qnly..;:10t» i^*h ; ¦
'; 'jkay.trt;:* : yriircc?: .Sunday :ynd .Thursday.- ¦ .... :;
'iiY^JegulW^ JRett^inffs': This '•;V«%.-''*jfe:.':-C. = '
I- • - ¦•..- V^jBfi^sok p-XxJrL/nvji.n'sic. yr. : .-.
V: 1TA0* r-ifii'- i:ea!«"i5re'd :'r^ j ipei?lair>-oyan..t :ara
|' : »;•¦-.* paimifi- cvot .in..-Sa-:jr: Francrjto\. .-.-.- ; ;:,
f" -¦¦ .1 tTo ¦ n«reby r.t/.vmiiy ' .nSr«j*;-a.n>I; puatoht;«3
•" to'maki- -i:M.-iiuxrfr?\li'- 1 .U>t?H':yo-u .j-out-.
!.: nVri.0-: iicciifaUwh aii^' what; yoij- t-alle* fpp; .
• •' ¦cr*- r 8^'ectiieart-.!s strife- or-; ful£<;,-:i'Heil;yoti
i> 'syUvin "j;Ti(l--.ivlrf-n.-:'j*w-J- . wKl aiSrry'i'-Jn fact^rl'
• '¦ Vvill' .u!f you iyefy. hppt-; : '. (ear iirobftioa:
% '•.Itrr'than .jr^i-cau' ieU-'youw^lf/; I:,iraiw-^ve.
. >-'xt < 1-i'Ara.vtef. ¦ ro- • that ••-you- : vriWi rso.ch .-.4h.e-
r.' •¦ < MvJ:e.i't:pe,-.5-.ii.:,i.e d.e>'eU : !!iini't;t in inl-h'tal -'.vigor...
• 'wii-fiiiiij. ;4'J»;^*3tnrss, : -'."a.*id:'.co*»<.*lt>*^. '.to--.* .carnr
¦ ;' vv*ii.t!v:^p"icuwiil liy*-. -happy ah*.cp*Uei»ted ; '
i ' --Iha-'rntt- of ><---.fr. ; "ij{e.. ' Hours LO-iu .hi: • Itj' 8 .
!-¦ '-iKVij.^Sundayay.2- tog, '.'tatj O'F ; ari;Vli'.tt;-.:3gl'.:-
|' MMIJ.- V: ; SERN'AKDi . .:¦ :- • Tlf JS, tfAMpiiS
!¦-. "CI»ini«y4nt -and .-husiheiss madltitn'.' i per^a-.-
f ¦ netitly l6cat«a-at -17' Third >t.. -next. .yiadm)ni,tt.
'¦ : i '.bi£c.;lsb.e r>ad« your !ife-''_cdrr«ctl:j-i..piyes::ah
'. : ac.curai^. -descriiiynn of the past: rvveals' thft
if .present happiness .-inil-. portrays': eyenu '•: to.-
j; 'oc^us-in- the -futurf-;.l^>ou are In ¦trj>ubr*;.ais'-'
• .content:-^ Qr.-not j eitlsfleid In. life, -'f£. .Nai-e .mfijL
'•¦ ' 'me'stlc;- io>-e- <*?!; busVnitT's.- troubles, cor»su4t lihts
¦ exeat medjura. and you. will hs': ti>ld.; tow.-.ttr
* . .overcome th<in-c:ya.luaDle .isdyice ¦ In; all- affafrj
' -o£<ife;.'2Sc -uif^Fatisfactio.n- K$MSlLtttt£&2T&$', i
\ ings bymalU.- : ;Tfcr: ?lack . 4fi(ial . ;;¦ :j V'V^-: : :
1 ISMAR. the Es^ptlan. j-ypsyi . clairTpyant - : arid
fc palmist, Pfrmaticntjy loeated-ac: JJP^ Market
¦'.'.st..-i cor.'^TurjcV t?riVate-'reB.dl:iKi« datl.y.: I©:- sr..
I'-, rn.^.to^; p. m;;>ead-inKs"l>y mail as>a.tlsfp:t--'
f- - tory «L«-iii. perFpni'SMj'uestionp -angwered, :•$!>.
! : f.ulf life; $5; se^d lock of hair, (late and -yearV
f • ¦r.f..*oli-th*..don.'j sertd curreiipy.- Sent} iMDKtoffjc'e,-.
I '."¦ '"iy»?'i'huF.ar£d ¦sioHey order .or f.e-fl.st:er'edvlpt[t»ir.v4
:.-"A,— $5lE. PORTER. F^ientfOc- clalt-ypx : ant' : "ahd :
1 .Vfird -reseller, born *s"I-th a 'double Veil.-arid^Eeft*.
r. .ond'slrhj: t'ells the- part, 1-preaent ¦ £n<r futuro;-
.' ladie-i: -: B0c4 Tsetits,; $1; ft.y csinls.-.-paftn-lstrV r :
•¦ -an'il. cjajrvoyartt .6itt1nK;,$;l 5ft. •- 120 'Tdrki.^t;.;
I MR5i. : A.- H." ifrorienberg. purlrhlsV,' CjWtrv^Dyarit/
j caTd reader.- "will K-^ve- a ' -gc-->d :i e.adlnir.' Mto.-.fP"'.?
: a Fhort.*.ime 6nlyf',wSen others Jaii; try.-' tpe^tfp-
1/ ¦^cor.vince' ycuVself, :;+02: .Franklin. " lA^ft.r.'frove'.;.
j" MISs'zEilDAR." : yV;un^.Eif.U:dt.lalr:. srid -jpilox^:.
¦'¦ hajt :»eciorid *si'eht:v' a' ; .*ywid.erful- ' f-rophrtess;-
namer; L, 50^;" G. ;.$l.-7*4;;FT4..nKl}n.-i*'-Q. 1 G.fe ;
: A— Slice- Ravtiin* ; ir>ads -Mfe. husines? .fd>4ffe>
.' name's up: 5'4thst:.'n>B;r. Marke.f..-
JiitS: GARDNER, cialrvbyflnt: card '"loafer:-'
j;- <WiR >tlnna ¦¦y.U:. ?:et/; : 7th 'ah(5 tjthV x ; r '-'^- : '-. i
• miss wa rd, c tiiEhJpsy'chfc' brtdfiiEM i^initst ; : .
ladles 2oc. gent i«, Xti&i; \ n*) • t\ ftp. ; .41 S Ma^eoji "it..;
OLnEST lody.Tiaimist arid . card- rV^-ier- : lr>- ciVy:;
• £614. KJ-arnyr fppm-'i-h .ladles-' 2/>c, gerns-'-COc^
MRS: SHAFER. clainoiiant, card reader- :MU~
[ . tln^s dalJy:44'?»i:Jeof'i.fc. it.,' bet.fith. a»'>d*tt ! h.-
I c.iiiPET n-c A-ir 1 X c . 'ax it ' : : d l'tk'a y iyc , '
[ AIR, wi-Eipressod.-drj-.-.Ire .colij, far. now nni've*r-|-
?a'i*.y u.«ec>. in, -sanitai-Uy. rieahlrifr carp*fts',;!;oh;
'. ¦ flor-r, without ren\Bval : 6r ¦injq'r>-;' ! -p'rlees--.rnHa-'.
' rrz*:*^ • Apply.- S..! F, •"•eOMJ'RESSEr-
. • r'LEANIN'Gi.'JO.. Call b'.4:; phbr^'.-Maio &2:J7.'
'-¦ '- ¦ ~ ' ' .- '.' ¦ '•¦•¦ ' .'¦ ' *-^-t- T-^-!
•WHEN, you b.ecoxne 1 d^susted with.-ycur ••-w-sck
1 . !«--id for SPA--VLI>INt5-S".p.l%aeer-Carp«E-*B#rt-*,
ir.s Works, ;sr^ T ;>C7. Teha'ma 'j>t..;. t^l. Spi;th .*0i
WESTERN Carved fUfkhirig- Vi'yrfy^Tsofuiir^
•rtFon "St. ; "Alvcleanlrigi -1c '; • t'el.- Mrsslbri- : -225i
C/«iaF<jf<Nr^Car^H ; t-bea.t1nk"Co., J; r MrQu7en" ; .
pf.cpriet.Qr, ..'^ft-Gu^rrcro st,;- tel. Mission. ,49i
TOY HoHh'E TBROSi;;; fexcellpnt parpef-beatiiX*V
matlro-ssrs niade.iove!^14:!2 Howard(;Sou.th 216.
ADVANCE, Crjrpet Cleknl-JK Co., 40^'Satter st/:
te}. Main nfl4;- GEO. WALCOM & COr.. PrbpsV
.RtTDC'LPji '& CO.,'. cnrpt't-Vatlns .'works; prices,
reat-onntle. 17t'{ Harri.«pn st;-. tel. Mis-jlmi 2C>:.
CONTKLIN'S Superior ; Carpet-tefiti'irifc.- | wi>rkE,
• ?:t3 Golc>n S3ate : :; .tele-phone.; East! liJiJ:-- .
~ : 7ii'EXTTs^r's;7n :r "; ¦ : - ' ;;.;• .;• • '; ¦:
ELt*CTRr>-DEXf ALe CLINIC,. >ft> Market ft.';
' .cor. Fourth,*, room 7. Flood -buHdinjr; 1 . et'erscf.
ti'int. done .tia^iltssly;" teethv without ,t)iates
our speciarty; Bpld'.Trbwivs.^SltiO. up; ¦plaj.es.,-
$4 50 up, extrsLCtiori ¦..trfe;'. offle'e-. hourSi.-p
- p.. "m. -to 9' p. 'm.J -Sundays,' p to -* .. - : ..'.'- :.
. Pit" GRI7ES. .W4-5-6 OallaEhanTbldK., Market
and MC-Alli; ter. sts uses. the, Baisford Obtu-h-;
«er, th« only device ever invented' fpr frrlndT
. lrg, drilling' and*e5cca".:atlnfr'te.etii ab.'oluttly
• without/ pain. ' Fo* 'demonstraUo.rl i»na.-prauf,
C£l5 at office; „ ¦ •" v £ « '¦ .' '/.', ". v ¦": ..
DP. LUDLUM KILL. l'443°Market.-.nr.EleveiUb
tNo cnargjF, ror .extractlnc when 'plates ar»
n.i4e. old plates 'made oyer--llke : new'; .teeth/
from JS per «eti t .extractlritf.\-30c;-.'ras-^1ven.
A NEW plate — The W'Walebonf; — cannot, break •
t urtinted ¥> yrs.; crpwn. $3*6*; filUm-s.- 50c:
•rlatf \ $S: full *ft;al! work painless and war-
»ar*ed. Chtcajro Denial Parlors. 2i" Sixth st.
PAR'S Dent?il -Parl«r-t. 235 Kearni 1 . crr.Bush— -
Set t««!th $1T>O up r' crowais $2 up; llllincH 25c.
GO'^r nillncs. 7».:; sli'^r, .T5c; crown's,' .$2'; iio-
Pulr; c*>en Sunday. pr.O.B.Hewlt.ti20CSutter.
I A V'EEK'S new? for 5 cent n s— "The Wc^Wiy'-Call,
¦ '.''. pases. In wrapper. : for mallin*. $l T y»ar.
I lillESSWAKliUS AXDSEAMSTHESSKS
I McDowell ibressmakinc- and MilSlnery school
¦ — Any pattern cut to measure. 1010 Market.
f.CCOF.DIoy, sunburst A knife plultln/r. 8i^ew-
button & buttonho-e factory. 1J0 Taylor.
dveixg .Axb ci.rcXrviXG. ~
?EA oreezes sweeten all garment*: -blankets,
. lace "irtalns, etc.. d*ne b.y • the Presidio
1. , Heir?ht« Dye Works. 'JOl."'' Sacra taento; phpn*
' to- wacon. West 453. H. H r I(.":KMAN= Pre». "¦
i . EOUCATIMXAl- •>
HKAJuS/B BUSINESS .COLLEGE^ 2T^«strs!
. F. — Bookkeeping, shoftband, •touch typing.'
:.anKuaf;es. telegraphy, ' English" branches;
dav and niijht sessions; lllus. cata.iogue free.
AVttES, ".he '^aalngr business i;olle(ea, 72.'{°Mar^
- ket st. ; Fpeclal summer course in all dep^irt-c
mer.'i; l.andsc«.ne'.?atalof.ue free;-life i t ch J oiai°-
. chii;, $50: Ciaj and evening sessions. •
! CA'.IFOMNIA Iiudinens CoKefe-i, .r>5" Larkin st.
"A* thoroi'fh schix>l" ; positions secured for
Kiaduates; inndern methods; ir,dividuaK in-
. •struction. Write for illustrated cafalog.'ifi.''
TliE Lycevm, ah accredited prep&fatory school
ftr tVe university, law and nedUil' colleKe£<i
ref., Proisident Jordan or any Stanford '-pro-
fessor; day, evening session's.- Phelait .bldg.
HIWMAK'S y"?adelny; a (hbrouph FehooJ' of
<ianclnK; tataoilfihcd 23 years.' 1-»12 .Polk st..-.
between Pire and California- both adiilt and
'children's c'iaf;s<;s arc-now opea for the foas.n.
A-S.»N'KRA-KCISi.t) ' I'u-.<ncss Collepe, 12HC
'Mcrket, st. — Practical. prcBr.^ssive, reliable;
•lay &-even?nf sessioop; *-rlte <-«ar. catalogue. 1
HEALD'S School of Miocs t Elcctrlck'y.21 Pou:
' ,Bt.. S. F. ; a prac'Iral pchool of engineering f
CMnple^s equliimci'it. Ft>eclnl catalogue fjee.
ENTII* ji^RING— Civil, el. C:.. raliTTinecii.Tit:'^
vfy.. "asFay. O'an.Me: day, t-vt. : esc. 1SC4. Van
der Naillen' School; 11J Fu'.ton, nr. Cflj- Hall.
DANCING Tuesday, ThursJay,- S.aturrtay ' ai'-l
Surid-'/ -ever.lnts at, -Teu'-jnia Hs.Jl. Howard
St., near Ninth; management Prof. Fw<er.
FlRST-CLAi^S piano ir.slruction; monthly re-
citals, harmony j.snd musical 'hJst'cry free;
• ¦ terms moderate. 14 McAllister rt., room 57.
GOlDEN Gate Com'l College, SCO Golden. Gate
.• aye. :' full business course; day and evening:.
SCHOOL OF 1LLT7STRATION . .... Day. aiid
PAn-iiNGTCN'S. .42i Pine st. . ..Night class.
ARITHMETIC, .bookkeeping, grammar. writing,
etc.; d&y or eve.; $"»'mo. 1024 Ui.isiun.m.Gth.'
THE "klngsland Art 'Shop'.' opens Oct. }, cor-
ner HsJzht aiid Deviradero sts. ,. '
Chicago Business CcHcrc, 1435 Market, nr. TOth.
Plttrran rhorthand. typing, liookpg.. $S mo.
EMPLOY.MEST QFFIC1ES. •
GEORGE AOKir 42i^^Post st.rtclTl'ushlTri—
JaiK5nes::-Chln'cse employment offlre: fur-
nishes bert help, contract* for farm help, etc.
IF you want Japanese help, advertise in The
New World. "Japanese daily paper, 353 Geary.."
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chlnege lirln. 420 Powell. Tei. Main 0752.
A — GRAND Japancse-CMnese Emp. Office. 115
Stockton: tcl. Grant 1'iS; export, reliable help.
CHINESE Kmp'.oyment. Office — P.est help at
L-on .Sc-urg'g. 411% O'Fiuell: tcl. East 420..
RKL1AI5LK Jarnnefic-Clilntse Employment Of-
fice; all klnd-i Uclr-. «15 Stockton; Main 51J»8.
I CHINESE and Japanerc help; cstab. 20 years.
1 Tei. ItUJn V.m. BKADLEY &. CQ.. 040 Clay.'
' C5I PLO YMCXT WAXTKnu-FEM ALE?
A REFINED American nirl wants "ixisltion"!^
second slrl In cnia.ll lamily; references, 14'/.
Cedar ave. .
RHSPECTABLE lady would .l!k» 'position as
housekeeper or cook for section house. Call
(K-7'i Kills st., room til. bntween 1 and u.
YOl'NG Sr.-eUiEh rlrl wants cltuatlan. to do
chamberwerk;' boarding-house or small
hotel. Box 4011. Call office.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for . " The
Call at listen's Bazaar. W3 .McAllister tu
ji \ N FRA^ci'&VO CAtli.: • •• ; r '
r 1 -M ;>' i-'s CFncn " «f ; mV ; ?.* n ;Frat;ci?ci
Ci.l:. <-:a-r Market m:rt" T5ii»I. jstreetji; open
tt:-ti: J-' "'tl-ck <-v«ti ; hitfct.ln the ">*ar.- : . „'¦$]
I jniANCII C"i'JCi-:s-.T-2".' aio'nt«oincry, street;
parser Oay: cbtat'tvatSypiSO'^: o.»* . '*. -.• '•
:.;«< Is'aycs Etrect; ocn'. until i'.'.3X) p'.- xh. . ' -
•¦i-t McAllir.cr ttr^TU-o^n "iintll 9:30p.;m.'
*i% La.rkin street j oi»«;«3rtll !>**) p. m,- 1
l^il tlirr\i.% i*wet;-.ffl?*» untI ! 1( > P- ra- -. '
-2<Tl r.«a:U,t etrVetj; :ccrnejr Sixteenth^- op»h
vi.v.1 2 t,. if. ¦ ¦¦•"¦•¦¦¦ \ ¦->';.;;• i" ; :
11C EI«ven:h bBWS? open, u- .vll. 9 p. m, "?/'¦
ltoa Yft!cr.yio, rtr.-ct; iptn until 3 p. m..\ ¦:¦
Xorthtast it-raey-.Church'iuii- Duncan streets;
« iku -.:n;i! » i ni.. .' .' . . ' . ' ' "• .'¦'.¦ .-
R*Z*l*2ircs« poraer! cf * • Twenty-second. "'And
i'.''i-tuciv>- strfciai ojien .ustll- 9 p. rn; : : •" " .
a.i Ii:.:vie y'.reet; oix.'n until t> i,. va- .'-. ¦ .
MEKTIXC 'XOTICKS. : . , '
ZilfiFlJS Chapter No. 7?.. R A. M.-=- ?2 '
Bu* i ineelies • THIS ; (TH0K8DAY> V :>r
¦tCVIZ^INU. 7:J0 oVlock. • BmI-joks, /VV
M. U. dtsnt:e. • L'y order of tl:»-'. v . ; . '
H- — __ _ iOHS-ii.- ;UIi.LJIAN, v- r^
CUXFOTttnX I-oJfc-c ~'xiTT. F.an-i A. " r £,"'
H . v.Iil meet VHJJS" ' r.VilUKSsDAY) VY
IC 0*1X0 t>c: Vr .l.-.-it l':Zii o'clock. /Nr \ .
Mctt-d nici-tlng t.t:d ttii:d •¦'.esrec; •' By.;- *¦'¦' >..
ordt-r of the M.asicr ' '••*-. .' ¦:•'•' -.*
1'nA.MCLlN H. liAY, Sieiy^'f^
FIDELITY Lodre-Kou 12i».' 1\ .itid-. : A- . 55^'
U.-^-btateU m^Uas TH^ 4 T.'ll. v p:5r > 5Qf '
DAY; liVCXlKO a-> 7:30 o'clock- .iir fY^
I«rC«l u: the W. M.- '¦:'.'-..¦:'¦ '. - ' •¦'¦'".-;
IVinDEIilCK SAURY.- Sscfetarj-. -.
l)oT;Tc Lo<!«> No! 2«j. : . F.'ahd .A. : M',-' «l ¦'
Stated r.i«i-t>.ns and.. thi.-J- 'degree >tQf_.
7:3J o'clocir tty' .->r:ici ..ot- tlic Mast.+... \ ..\
J. lt|'..GoLU^MITiir Secrt-tiry, .
<TAllll KIV-; J-oV.fr> ¦ Zi6',\.3ii.- F. and «'^-
A. M. Sl/'.-'DcvtsaStro «t.— Stated .%[*£
inrcf.-lif VHIS : KVK.Vi.NCi . 4tt -7^>/W
_u'cloc::. . A^jAi'-A^OJiUf^iJJev^.j^;^;
GOIXI'X G?ic' JUi*>m:iracrit Ko.- . 1..' I, : JJ- ' .-
0 O ' y..— Blxf:i"-l rtl^et'ns- TiflS^fVf-
,riili:;i»: i ) ':vi-:.-l.-.G. First; di-/V\' •
tree it i>:Ji o'c'-xk. -. • ' .' .,-. . ..:
W. L ; . KOCH. C P. '
iiOTl^'y of •a«wtij!C of st vkbi'Mers— Ofilce' -f
; ri:>K ality W«X«r. 'lompany. rpon; :;, sixth.
•l.'.r, I'M Stockton stret.. Sari '."•"raact»«ccj. •
1 ¦-..., • fc«-i>u- ;:-.ber 1&. 11K'*- — To the '-sfyck.-
!i. «1<bi of . the cprinc V'alle, - \Viter' C'>ni-
;.aay So .ice in hereby plrea •¦' that. - JrttT-
rtiSTH *•<> rt:eo!uticn of the Board ot Ulrect-
wr< «.<: the RvrtBS \'all»y v'att-r Ccttipany.- a
ix'rxHjr..tiun, ur.aiiinii-utiy id"pted en-thelftth
uay ci b«tVteailitir* 11h£. at a • ineptins of
Baid bo."-c, i-.nlj- ci-wcd and Ii-M .at .the
o:noe <jt faid company I-a *he rity- .ir.d'''cbunty
«if J'an *'ri»nc»iMx • State of Calif »n.iia, a
meeting of the «ti^-khol.lers ot iia:d- ccrpora-
tiott tell! '<• held at the o..1c<- and pr'nccpjii
pjaee of • ur.;»ei>t. of sail' coriioidtion,* to-
»nt In : 9orr. tUree, clsth .loor, in ihc."bul!»3r
in£ on the. .corr.ftr of 'jr-ify and
Stockton Etr*-«"tti. in the c«ty ancj mu'ety-of
San .'"rar.risco. T'Late of- Cali'->rniu.' Itaflwn
a« No. 1^.0 Stockton s'reet. bh?(? buildins
beint, th« uuildln^ where the Board : of lJf-
rectom of -aid cor»ore*;v7 .usually meein.'.
and -said room being the room in said build-
ing where tne Jiretvnrs. -and 6tock»icl<iei a cf-
said cmi-Pv .-ation usually meet, on Morida'y,.
the 23d dfc r of 'Xbi'ember, 19t, at *J o'clock-
p. m., for tlie ;bject an<1 r*irpos« . of .then
and Ui'"-e conniderii-it ¦ipd votiu- upoti a
proposal to create a .bor-ied i-»debttdn»ss of
Eaid Spring Valley Water Comoany in th*
sum of twenty-eisht millicn ($2S.OO0,0OOO0>
dollars, uayable fecember 1, 102. . *»:*h. in-
terest :ne«eon at the rate of 4 pf- cent
per annum, pay? ble Kem*-annvaily. • nd prinr
cipal ar.d Interest •jaya'ole in ir-ld coia of
the Unl'ea .States of A*ner>ra of tht presert
Ftsnda— j ft weicht . and tinenesr. and - to
«tet : ii-e the bonded indebtedness; :o proposed
to be cretied. by a mo-t|ir? ,'ipot. or Jttd
cf trust of all t»- ; property c-.'saic' corp-ira-
tion no" owned or *;-hic v i it -nav hereof i^r
acquire ar * duriri^ the It f^ or.tf-n". of Vaid
mortsatfe or dp«a -of trr*!t. liy .Tdt-.- ot
the Hoard -^f Directors'.
rELriAjI '.T. j^ZCKS.
Secretary- jf'th<» Spring Valley WVltr Co»a-
panjj ¦ ' ¦ . r_
THE Ca'.lforii* L>ebrls Comml:iion hav'nfc re-
ceived applications ,. to n^'ue l;y' '. hydrau'ls
proctss from Middle Yuba Mlnliir Company.
• n La Mint del Diaulo mine. ne£ r Slcrrn
City. Sierra County Cal. draining. ii.:o ra-
vine which drains into M'.ddle Yi'ba RH-sr;
from Soulh Yubt. Minlrr- and ' O-'-eloprnent
Company, in Me.ster nitne.- n<?ar Emigrant
Gap. Placrr County. Cal.. draining fiV t)l.a-
mond Creek, which r**chts.Yi'.* a 1 ;\tr;trom
Toy K«.e. In Fairpl''* mine., near Exalt*,-
Piumai County. Cil . aral-iit.* ¦ in: 3 .Rock
Creek, which reaches Yuba River, t'.vrs no-
tice that njeeting mil be neld at -wm 99,
Flood building. San Francisco. C»<:. ¦ Octo-
t>er t2.-l»». at 1 :!K> f. b. _
"STOiKHOLtlEP.?' MEETING —NJtice fi here-
by Kiven that the ar.i.ual -meeting ol tne
stockholder* of The "^lank ot California vill
b» Im>M at the bankng hc-jse in ihis ,A* t or
TUEfcDAY. OctoL.T 13. 11*03. *t ll o'clock
e. ni. By ordfr if the boar<< i»f di»<etOi-s.
¦¦-. ALL.E:.' M. cr. AY. Secre'ar-
AGEXTS \VA.VlT.n.
AGENTS— An agency fc-' a propositi n ih» : is
a <l*ciiied :mprxi»tanent on building' "nd loan
.¦ worth huvlng. Grt*t Western improve-
tnent Co.. Parrott fr.Ms: • .
AITOnXKYS- IWT-1.AAV.
ADVICE FREE. ESTABLISHED 22 YEARS.
Divorces a eperlalty. lYV-kte. Quick.
NO PAY UNLESS SUCCESSFUL.
G. \V HOWE. ATTORN'KT AT LAW.
1122 Market si. offices x. 2, -i, 4 in-i .•».
BEWARE or-— FKAUDS.
Any one can advertise, but unless the aci-er-
tlstment eaye -Attorney kc Law 1 ' the p-rty
Svdvcrtisinic is r_-i a lavyer; don't I » fooled.
7. A D VICF FRF*S ' ...-..:......'. .
COLUMBIAN LAW AGENCY ...
Rm. K*>. »1« Market; tel. Red «US.; bad te-.-
ants ejected fj wv edily and reasonably collec-
tions attended to, attachments; corporations
organized; civil and criminal ;raet!c*.
RiOBT. W. KING, atty at-Iaw, Examiner hid"
T'r :n «;ll; all cases, dan- lgcs, .estates, wills,
attachments, collections, etc. ; cvf'Sultation
free; no advance charges- call or write;
*-v«-nings by appointment. Tel. Ited .3601.
ADVICE free — I will advance cost In meritori-
ous case*--, dlvcrces. probate and all ether law
casts; no fees in advance; open every even-
ing. J. M. THUR.STON. ?:i Market st., r. iL
L. P. CLARK. Emma J=preckt-ls bldg.^ »27 Mar-
ket et. ; consultation free; no fees In advance.
AITKEX & AITKEX. attor .eys. rs. 309-1?-**
Clunie bldr.. 303 California st.; tel. lla.'n T?7.
ADVICE free: no charg-e unless successful; all
law liurlncEF. W. W. Davldsor.. P27 Markeu
DIVORCK — Co«ts. $12: quick, quiet; open even-
U\pi-. Ii27 Market st.. rocm 301. •
nt'SIXESS CHAXCES. \~, ~~^~'.
FOR PALE — Cheap; dry roo<!.\ notions
tienrrj' and candy store; esti Mlshed 20
years; good location; near school; rent rca-
soriablr-; -".ith 3 sunny rooms and bPth. Box
n 4ffg. Call office.
BAKERY— Fire location in Rio \Jsra: good
, baker will <io well. Address DAN Mc-
CRAUGH. P.lo Vieta, Cal. S'v: ' • •" .
FOR- FALE — Grocery and bar business • with
license; <io*irab!e location. Apply to H'. L.
SMITH. 202 Market et.
TO let — Rooming house: dining-room end kitch-
en. T.-ith rarcc. tables, etc.; suitable for
teamsters and worklnjtmen. ApdI.*' room C4.
20 Mirtitpcmery et.
f3<Kxt L-USINESS: !•": • j^cflt $*O00; or
half interne for fV i honest man in
country. Room -O:. 1 ; ... ... lli-tol. 1 to 2 p. m.'
HOTEL, furuJt-jie a: ; .l bar Jistur»s for sale in
good tr.irlnir carr.o in Nevada Co. For par-
ticulant ir.culr*- at 1157 Howard St.. S. V.
$:^ PFR ncre, choice cf 3500 acres oil land In
I<ovi; « Den oil dintrSct. Kern Co.: chance of
•tocr life. Km. fSVj. T-'alace Hotel. 1 to 2 p. m.
FOTt Bale— Itestaerant; any rearemable offer
ace.-;,u-a : f?tabl!thcd *5 yrars. 1759»4 MUtlcn.
K hTr^M^ G X ? lm ' route ror Fa!e - tj:>0 Papers; a
»iar, y .ia. ijo^SgO. Call. Oakland.
00 --"^'^ cis * T stand : ch «P-
G ™H£y A J£V*}%Z 1%™* chQ-pT^c^n-t !
- IXIDCtXC-HOL'SKr'pon « >
100 HOO7IS ; house" tor~r^t^Z2~T^rT77i —
Cs rc-oms; south « "^.^ '"'-iWOO
=4 rocras; corner; pa 't c£h- iTm $100 ' ***>
-' t-or,mr; TTdtcr fror.f rent S'o- il >0
I ir«J roor.i« : coed lease: low rc ' nt ' icasc -- CM
M^L^gVJg; I - i- --
22 V.OOMS: .-.11 on one t^o7T^o r^~7^:.
co.ncr: rctlrlr. S fr «m b'-Hae-r. For Dar
t.cu' S n* aCCrer* to S S2S. Call <xfl,.. Oakland^
FOJSO.^, S30-FurniEhed hou-e ; of 10 rcc-ns"7cl-
'"l-*^ : r '° rcnso " ablti °Ect rcrtlrcd. ™" Qzn * ICT
COLLECTION OFFICES. ~
111 1.".. ~'"'-'-'~ott e ry. rooms a-;o; tel. Ctsa
CniROPODISTS. * ~
E £SS.L St &±gg££^• V October, 190 V- *,
• S. M.IT.IW. T.t Fr IS. I Moo-a's Phases
. ° : ¦¦* ,* 12 8* /CSvFull Moon
ft .Lart'Qr..,
11 12. 13 U 15 16 17 Oct. 13.
,25 26 27 28. 39 30 81 Tk First CP-. (
.THE. CALL CALENDAR.
JS ot Bra^ avenue. E 2^ by 8 l"8:52,"lot "2S,
! Lamp Tract? Brooklyn Township; jjlO.
_Ge<frs;e o E and Delia. M.- MJll(y (wife),,to
Isaac L. Saxton. lot 2. block 8, •map°Nofth
Alameda TmcC. formerly 0 VaJde'z & Glascock
Tract, BropWyn..T<jwnshlpV $10. • *° . <> .
• Fratffc and Augusts* Burgaardt to JuUictte
Jones twldojv), lot on E Tiie-of Blaiae avenue
k 225 S of O?welfthostreet. <>?;. so by b 125 blflck
M, Huntlngton Tmct, Brooklyn Townijhip; $10.
Robert Bruce, - ArcKibalU Donland alj'dtWar
, ren Olney."Jr. (a« erupted) to-.Petef P.i Mili-
jQt on SW corner of tiarrison and Seventh
street!*, S^ 25 by *W 7S| lot 15, block C3. Kel-
IerBberger's, map, Oakland; $4.0.*. „
KmniaoM* and John T. .Williams to Frederic
arfd Annl* F. binclalr, lot- on N Tlite of Thirty
first-street. 100 E of Grove, E;50 by N 140
I8f 21t, b^ock 203U, Tsact. Oakland;
" Margaret f>ailey '(widow) to George Budd
l»t ort S line of Twenty-second street, 150 W
of Curtis. e W 60 bv S-80. block H,* Curtis &
Williams Tract, Oakland; |10.
Anastacla M. Kennedy (willow)* to David W
Lowe, .lot on S line of -Cedar street 100 W
of Eiith, W 35 ny* S 100, lot 18. block B
Edith Tract. Berkeley*; *$f). . ,. • .1 '
. fl. A. and Emify. V. Marshall (wife) to Ida
H. kutten, lot* on. N line or Ba'ncroft way
.40 E of -Mary,- N 120 .by \% 40. tjloek 12!
Marshall, resubdivftion of McGee Tract, Berke'
ley: $10. .- ° ¦;. !.-..; . • . -
Mrs. Frances M. JHarris tc- Sherrard a' Har
ris, lot on SE cornerof Occidental and Felton
stress, E 50 by S 135, - lot |f. .block G. Paradise
Tark, Berkeley quitclaim deed; $5
Andy L. and Wilhelmlne H,' stone (wife), E.
B. and A. L. Stone.Comt>any (cor»orat!on) to
Jafte E.. Dryden (married). 4 lot on W line of
Sunn^side street. 275 S ¦ of Orchard avenue' S
51:10, SW 150, N 51:10, 33 150, lot 17, map
Marion Tract, BrooWyn Township;
Same to* same., lot on V line , of Sunnyslde
street 140 S of- Orchard avenue. • 3 45 by W
150. lot 20, same map, Brooklyn Township; $10
Manuel S. Bodlao to JUta Nune. undivided
1 % interest In lot on SB. corner of C and
Valley- streets, thence NEi40, SE150* SW-50
NW 141:08. thence .E 13:4 to . beginning tit
Haywards. Eden Township; $10. _
• Oscar Harris to Joseph F. • Rose, lots 3 ' and
4 block 10, L-ivermore, Murray Township; $10
, Lyman and Sarafl. J. Allen (wife), Margaret
H and Washington Wilson (husband) and
Julia , M. Gordon to Mary H. Maxcy. lot on
N line of Haste street. '230. 22 W of 8hattuck
avenue, W. 50 bj-W 135, block 3, Barker Tract
Berkeley; JlOJ^gk^ ¦>-.-. ¦¦
Mary H. 2.f«Hi v^»|^ Iaxe y (hushand) to War
ren G. SjiJHBH--l'tg3k: T3 ' rr keley;':$l0.
Ella 'tfuSpk"/ 7Jovr (^'-"i-band) to
Frank * lKk4>{ S&V 1 line of Sherman
: (SontlnifeaFroin-Pagpol'ISrtfeeiv. • '
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
I Adam^ Company (corporatWji) t* Irene O °Q.
> CJoraotf. lot om.NE- llne.^f TWrd sire-t/ 20
Sp vf Jlarrffson^ SE 3^ by NE 57": tf; $10." .t '
° ITerrii»nn Tanner to Jappft ;=Hf»5;nian .C(»pi
•pany, °l«t bn NK Olntf of Harriet stteet. *1V*.
°SE of;T)ryi»r*. -SE 25 Iiy N? -T3; |l0: ; ; v ..
„ • JpMah.-K* Howell to "Thomas an5 HVary Dal-.
5 ton^ lit •on\E'°Kne*«if' Texas street, K-O.N -hi
"TR-enn-^hlrdy.N'^lS-by B 100; $ia
• • Albert Meyer £o Anna O'Nelf. /ot fn E.Ilne"
of Niflete«nth avefftie, 175 N.'to'f I "itreet, -N
25-by =E.12(>; HO. -. •• . •:..
S : J. •¦\\-°WrlKl?t" &• Sons investment --Compjuiy
to Solcihion"- Gc>z; lot. on G line oj Fortv-fiMh
"jtveniff', 100'N of N 50 ny E-sffiO; $l'0: ¦
r*J<2w o K..*at!d«iona fiqyej- "and 'pirabeth All
stead <o Neflte S. Pastor" (wife .AfK. E.). Jot"
bn Park* sfropt. 2!>fA^ R .of
¦fiirk *aVc3ue.-E 37:6. by N lOO.'.block C?;HoII>
Parlc.'°$ioo. " . „ . o . • . •* . o o •
Henr>* A? and Emma Merer to FrederIck°H.
/Wulzea." l»>t W Vorn^r <yt "Waller and
Stfinev jrfrfets. W B5 -b>»."S 105, lq^s«l 'and -2..
.blo*k-l. x 5vfar!on* Trar^; $10.. c -o •' ..
* J .TO. Wright "&f Jjfotis Investmrvnt. Cowpa'ny'
to Oflve Lodge, ¦ lot vm W \lt* of Plymouth
street. -150 S p? H*lloway,-. S 25 by\W H,2:5*
ff>t 37. block °K. LaveVl«w; $10.. '• / •
o 0 JriV.I) *nd JJna Hpyrfian, to Bernard JCramer,
o lpt pn S line-- of TUcmand street,. 775° E .of •
South jiveW, *:. 25 by "S 100' ltrt 28.° Wockf
Holly r°ark, "«iultcfaln» "deed; $5. •- . • *
. .Honqra Vdierga (O'Brien) to Mirtr .CyBrlen."
lots°14o and 14'" Valley Homestead^ $5.
:?• " '•••.°BiiUclers'°Contract8. •%
" Pacfflcjinlpn Club (owners) w*th°Otfei Cl»va- (
tor Company *£contract<Jrs), architects JEteRi
TJrop^f-OMopffssetiger 3»nd one frejg nt t^vator"
and 'dumD--*alt«>r .for obulldinff on NE -corner,
of f*osl s{nd StotJ<tDn streetK? N 120,« E Jl-J.. S
00. W 20; S 70. W'SOf $6700. • » " • . °
• .'Ada J.. Corliss .(owner) with "W. A, Rob.prts
tcontra«;tor). V>lans by oWner — All work for a
two-story and" basement frame cottajre pjtJE^
line 6T SevVnth avenue, 375 .S of JLaKe street,
S 25 by -1^120: $31 CO.- '",,. <"> '
' : August Schaa/er (owner) with Jra .V. Co
•burn (contractor), architects O"Bri»n & -Werner
-i-Al> work . eJccppt gas njturrs and shades#for
a .thre<?-&tory axfd bjiaement frame Jbulldlng on
:s Une of Hayes street, 150:3 E of Steftier. E
•5<J bv S 137:6.' Western Addition block «6S:
$22.300.' • „• . * * • *• *
'• Mrs. Dojji Goldfish (owner) with W. H.^THck;
ershnin (contractor), architect WMllanv Koenlg
— All wotk for a threfe-story and basement
frame bulldtmr (ffats) on NW line of Market
«tr*f*, 24S SW of Chufch; SW 25 by NW 100i
$G0Op. * ¦ ° . . . I • ,•
street or. old- county road, - 1131 :0 VT; ot Its tri
ttfrsect'loa- with the NW-lirie of-Aflellne, tnence
SW 2«H:ll/-'N5\v 220U0 to find ptflnt ot.-b,e
elnriing. Jheiice .SE r S5, NE'. 89, -W $1. et?.,
SW di to .beginning;. Brooklyn Township: -$10.
KJRobert 33. aind Margaret- Sullivan to- An
thonett ? K: Qlsen^wlfe of G. S..), lot-.cm.S
Una of Eitfhth 'street.' 200- ET of Pat E.' 25 by
3 100. lot, 14, block • 134. Kellfc^bCrger 1 s map,
Oakland: 510. •-: ." " . * - "•' ¦ ,. .' .
• Mary E. Jokes "(widow)- t» Ntfra- Gannaw
"(wife of Dame?), lot on sW lln« <£ Claremdnt
avefeie, 11Z92 S pf its Intersection with, the N
line oi MQirts. S 105:10. W 102, IV 101. B
103.80,' SE" 5O.a2 "E 50.02," lot Hi : and '5 feet
from E portion '-of* lot 10, block; F. revised,
• map Claremorit avenue tract. Oakland; ViO.*:
.Hetty T: and William,, G. HensKaW »nd as
attorney to "Hesry. A. '. Butters, lot on JtS.line
of, San Pablo, avenue, 224.05 to ltd intersection
wlth.W -line of ' Broadway. N'75. E 97:5*4.
8. 75',. etc,,,- ..WV 81*25,. Oak&uid; $10. ¦ — • ..
•••.Elizabeth -Hfy Soear , • (wid0w\> : to Joseph
.Thomas Kehas,' lot on'SW corn«r- of -Addison-.
an* Ninth" stre.ets. *W 100* by S 100, iol,i..6, 
3 6 and portion ..of - lot -4, block 10& map
Allston Tract. Berkeley;" $10. •'¦ •
•* William O. and Jeanie M; JoD.es"' to Join* Y.
>.na Mary -A'. .Millar., lo.fon N line of B*lievue\
street. 2jsO:8 E o.f Frultvale avenue, E 100,
N-13", W "loo,'- S' 135, lots "23 to .26* xOMff
BcIIevue Tract. Brooklyn -TOwnship; also lot'
on N - line of Bollevue street J$80:tj — — r from
¦E line # of •g?ruitYaU ave'iue/ E' 25 by .N 137,
lot 27, sarija,' Brooklyn Township;*- $10. -. " • "
; Isaac .L... and; EH«£ J. ;Saxlon. to" Ueorw E.
Millar, lot dn N line of Saratoga avenue, 1*0"
W of Orch.ard street. -W 40. ny N i2*. lot 12.
block A. nrnended map Moss Tratt, Brooklyn
Township; 110. . -,* • •;".'•.
Tlllle ° Adan'is (married).* to . ' Ethelwynn-
Zschokke, lot on. N line .of- "Pacific avenue. 68:7
E of St". Charles. street, .°E 60 by N 125, lots 3 and
4. Mock O. map 14.4. ' lots In. Page-Tracts Ala
mefia-(recorded September^. 1903) j $700. * " ;
Calvin-A.. "ShaV.lo Henry' F. Child, l«t 03W;
artf W- % of tot 04, arrfended map Moss wood
Tract, Oakland: $10. • • . T. • • "• ¦
-.IJu^ert .Judge (widQweV) Jtq • Edson .'Kaien,
lot on ,E corner of> .East- Fifteenth street and.
Eighteenth avenue. SE 30 bj* NE 100, bltfck 27,
"Sin .Antonio. East Oakland; $10. • •-.- . ¦ .
• .-Martha Ijougee ;(wi,dow) to* Mary'E. Baldwin I
(niilow)^ lot <yr fi\$ line oi Fonfaihfjjleau Bve- I
tiue ;> 140 NB, of . East Fou,rteenth\,or Adams- 1
.street.NE'OO by.NJV 100>0. bloek i. Fffh"tair?e
b-Jeau .Trajet, East Oakland; also lot- on S.E'lin«"
.of Nint* (Clay) ayenue>.>20 NE -of. East Twen
:* flr8t;,(X\'aghingtonj r .street, -KE 25.by SE 125"
t:oclc .43, Clinton, Cast Oakland ; $10. s* ." *
IK Warren H.^ Blood "ip Charlotte VBl.ood
wits), lots l'O4 And 153 Jn sectibh *b; plat II, !
.Map; said I, plat, Dt Mojustaln Viewt Cfemeterj-. 1
.Oaklan,d Township!; gi>ft. ¦ ¦ .' • .* " . I
•N, L. .an'd- Maria A.: Freese .(wl/e). to j. C. I
Man*-in or M^rfin. lot q,ri»3 line qI Jietfrst ave-.
roue (formerly College " way); 4<H3*\E of. Shat'
tuck ? d vr.nue (since widened to Otj feet)*- E 00 *y <¦
6 124:6 block A", yilla-lote. adjacent -to Cni-" j
y^rsfty-pite.on "west, . Berkeley ; $10." •>•:..• -I
. Malcolm and .L,«cy W, c,r LucyVilWi WhVte 4
.WM- to Walt^r.-ahd -Aijnl'e -S^psen (v!l&)','\
>ot or.^_llne of "Ellis ; stree1. 150:0.'S "c/Kalr
view. .5. 75J.3 by" E 120. lot. 12S, •bl.^ck -1^ lt&ds"
of RfKenf-htreef Homestead Ass«5clat.lo».
M. Taylor {esTecutrlx estate erf-jfiKni
Taylor, deceased)., all lnteytst in lot'on* NiE fcor- I
ner of *l.ne and, Henry, stiysets. N 12» by a -E 135 •;
. Same to same, all -interest ln.lot'bn NTVtor-'i
-I! fer^ f -,'l« dt . t>lck : aveh J J ' ! ' and eire«t.*N^l!20 !
*y.W-; 135. .lots n : an.d 20. bloi-k i. same; $5000yJ
"!•»• •'•.'; Saix;Pranciscp. Saless. :•".-.* '.*}
¦L Cl S r - 5 *"u" R ",P !silOiR to H -' ¦•sWnfci-i tStock"!
pT^rreeTs:'^ 0 ": Zgg&i ?£$ p .°^'and.j
Bpdrrigft'on-.to, Leopold. WVinsteln.*
•lot w.-SEMIne/'ofTelton (Henry> 'slreet* 2SJ
•BW." of.jHolyok&; S-W.10fi.by SE lob. .lot* 2
•5^ We** 8S RjUljfoad avenue. KoKestead! As- I
sf>ciullDns ?i0. • ;. ' " • .. , ¦ • 'i' 1 ?
C ;-Evarlaio .-E. and" .Mary M.' and JeVe- J
;mla.n-A:. *r«1 NeJlfe to lUa Kv Clark" "
flot odn .6. line" of Green" stfkei; Ii2 :6 .£"• of • V>b- ¦{
ster, °k;25 by. R : 137'6.-$10,- • .. . • ," V i
j"A»rics C. and-.WlUiam"n. Ftn>ay. to : .torrainei
o^'-zJ'Tj" 1^ fe pr/Ge&rzfe. P3. : lot: on ST I
.corner .j>t 'H.eraftkn, . a^d cnureh streets. S -85; v
W- &:ti%,'JN fcff:8; "E • S .-•' : • ~.*"|
o •.TuIlU o Pefklns : ;(Dorgan*: 3 tb.-'D»Ha 1 E»»na Mil-?
O ford, fV J«hnston°. lotion Q llh» .i>f ; Chesvn"ut •'.
# !6 E-iof Fnrmore, E^S.bj-S i30; j 1
. 'Mecl.'anJcf p '. t Etu11dlnjr;ajI(l *Lctan . AV.Soriation to"
Emlllo"Mart)nonl; °K)t on.'S ling- or B'rtxJericV .
o Btrft(St.Mj50 "S o/.|ackson."15 )^5 b.yE-82:0; ; $l0. ''•'•
8 .'Cfnt.r»l.Bqnk-=of O§kjlfln,d.t<i Q.'^P." iojinson:'
181(J D .1803,, lf&8 B? 225..« S. line «cjr : Jackson
Anitlilip wSof MaRle. .W-20i8' Kv S 12t52
#0.,.. ,"'» • \ ¦'. '-• . •¦>••' .-*?* ? '¦¦' •
Ofo* -P. kni'-fesuht V-.i Johnspni-to.Brightie '
-B. J3aw.-."sfltne; .?10. b '''•¦<, ¦ • •:.»• • * "; • '•"I
;• G-epVfJe' J,. Patten t» ?JJ*ah" Jv .^VhlteSaowie, J
iFot'-on N'llhe" c.£ Saqrp.m«ato Stree"tJ-"514rfl»ji -E 1
¦of First': syeni.te,; E--25:^." -N*' ijffJlO^, : .'W
•2«:ll?i?.S.'to beginning; gKf. " ' V." ;*-.-> . \:
. ."ifarlon-.LeventrJtt to Herity P..*.-»Uroi»s.«'.n;".J*S
?.on 8 ltne^'o/ T-lfteenth streetj 126 *W*cif fiharon.
•W 50H.V&.JOO...(fuUc;!rtlm- dVed:" l&. - *• • '•• .
I'. EJiz^Cjpth Jl. °iQiTroll>v. to "<:»j«ie,.
¦riultelq!m°^ejl* ?5: -v • . °° •.."'*•."'
•: Hesf>-"-PV t;nfiiser*..to*F.. i E....Hcsthal, lo't°bn"
8 line &f .I»ifte«ifi"tn eVt&U 15U VVoC Sharon. JVTr
.?S o by»S'-lJ>£f; # .?l4i- :'. •' .•••/,¦¦.*•';•¦•'¦""•, " ; ' : "
'.' Mai»y\A. .Carroll et'al:" to .same; sgme; ?30*75.-.
; ? Georf^" T»! and, Aaa^M..ST«idbuj;ne to'ljerftaid 1
"Kfaftirr, • rot • "on '& lfn» of • Twenty-thira street.*.!
-lSf^r of .->Joe. •W-'£5«byS 114; $10... ° .•. ..
. ".Ella •O'CJorman" *o • E. " -D". Bl<j»k," .Ufon ."N"
ifjjie<?ft:Satramento. street." 1K»; 2' \T. *of*M»nl
.ffqnVery; -AV" 3 22'.^- ijS»:9,.W 25, X "00:9/43 &&,'.
g=a%o«§r-$io; "• " s&u ->'. \\ •:¦ ».-.'
• JSeors** H, "and -Ann*' M." Eucn"SlReer:aHd W.'
.»; fCess^ t c « J.,.fJ.' Hjmnajj,; lot oij- |> line. of.
"Qorronpfcfaf street/ 4*8 :«")' tV' oft.Ilearnv^ W .2J)
l..v'»s:49:6; a $50«'. o . •;* '. •• » * . •' V :. . • •
•* Maria' L^Dert'td "Aptohlo CaJdertini, 'lot on
.N lfn»: V>f.- .Greenwich • street.- 2?2 :J5..'E -'of 'StQc^
l*n." £' '.V Jiy.-N"J»0r"*10. .- " ";• '¦.' -:'¦•'
o. ¦W'lllfgip'Jsplfiettl tt> cVlctftr j:~ €lulna^so." lot.
on"E*}ihe"ot StoutS alley, 05:8 S pf Jac*kson
3 st^eet>-S 21 •by.'jC 02: ?10: " i '' :' * •'•..
¦\VIUUfhoG. and. Hetty ,T.^.Hensh.aw ariiS 0 A.
IV.- ai\d.,I<ia Palt'anJ to I>.: E. ;BoiwRTnan;jet"
<Jn SEocvrriT^of'Bush and Leavpnwoitn Street?., '•
H fiS. by &.137T6: ilO.7 „• ' ° „„ o V. ••
Sliworp Estate: Cojjwany 8 / (corponntlQn). to
nirtlarxl Jaw, lot* on -NW rlne .'of Missl«i :
atHet.r'b SW-o"of Second, SW° "143:13^5. NW
160.*NEo<38, SIS 1(50; ° . "• - '.]
;„ Montgomery Street "Rtal Estate. r^mainy '-to
•sam? lot" on* NW'fine of Mission' }tr*-!e*,--70.
'SW'ofjSvMf ?W l-t3:J0«; NW 100,
&Eo'ino,"Qnltc)aWn, deed. . ;¦., 0 . " ¦ . " .•
THE SAN ." FBANOISCO OALLV; 'THURSDAY;; OCTOBER % : iS03.
15
'• OCEAN TBAVEL. ¦
i .-,rij ,i JU Kn J r W n.^ f1 ur u -i J -. J -. J T. 1> .->rtr 1 ->r.r ll -> J -^
occaa!cs.s.co.p^g
S.S. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney, Thursday, Oct. S, 2 p. m.
S.R. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Oct. 17.-11 tt, m.
! S.S. 1 MARIPOSA. for -Tahiti, Oct. 26, 11 a.\in.
4J.!P*JCIELJ 4 BIOS.CO., Ugh. Hck.t Oflic.,643 SarMS
:MthtQgla.a21 BarJilSLfhra l.huSxll
. Majre "Igland anaiValleJo Stmnwi.'..-
••' steamer GEN.« FRISBIE or MONTICELLO-^
0:45 a. m.. 3:15 and 3:30 p. m., except Sunday.
' Sunday;- 0:45 a. m.; l<:30 p. "m. ¦•¦¦ Leave .Vallejp/.
7 a. -rfc; 12:30 noon. 0 p.* m... ex. Sunday.'-. Sun-
days/7 a. m., 4:15 p.*. m.^. Fare, 50 cents." Tel.
Slain 1508. "• Pier 2, 'Mlssion-st. dock. ' HATCH
KAELWAT TBAVEL.
SOUTHERN^ACIFIC
, 1 Tnln* l«a»« and ar* due to arrtva st
. . , - !»AX VKA*N Cisco
• (Main Line, Foot of Marfcet 8treet/)'\
» uati — Fao* S«TKMB«a £ liwa. _
• ' 7X0* Benlcia, Sulsan, Eimiraana 8acr«-
, mento 7Kp
7J00a VscsTllle, Winters, Ramsey " Via,
I 7J0* Martinez, 8.1B Ramon, Vaueja*, .*.
. '..,. K»ps, CalistOBS, Sant» Rom a ys r
: 7.30a NUes. Llyermore, Lathrop. Stock- •
, ton 795*
8 00a I>»y1s. Woodland. KnlK&ts L*ndlDx. *"*^
¦ MurrtTille. Orovllle. (connecu
•t Marysvllle for Grldley, Blgg»
1 andChico) 7.W*
8 00a AUantic Expre»»- OgdensadEasj. 1O2i*
8 00a Port Costs, Martlnea. Aatloch. By-
xon,Tr*cy,Stockton,S&craaiento, ¦
Los Banoa. Mendota, Han fur J,
V1»»1I«, Porterrllle 4J3»
• jjoa fort Costa, Martinez. Tr»cy. L*th- .-
roo Modesto. Merced. Fresno,
Gos'ne'n Junction, Hanford, VI-
•slla. Bakertfleld.. :...„........ 8.23»
8J0a Sha»U Express -P»t1». wmiami
(for Bartlett Spr!nir»). Willows.
tFrnto. Ked Bluff. Portland 7.B5- 1
8.30a NI1«. San Jose. Livermore. Stock-
lo n .Ione,S»cr«mento.Pl«cervme,
MarysTille. Chlco, Red Bloff 4.25»
8.30a Oakdale. Chinese. Jame«town. Bo-
°^ u aora. Taolurane and Angela ..... 4.25r
«.00a Martlnei aad W»J Stations B.SSr
1000a Vaiiejo V.'*VC;*.*,'A— 12 * 2S *
,o.ooa *^£srE&sr$&z
Tracy. Lathrop. 8toekU»«,
. Merced. Raymond, i re»no. Haa-
fori. Visalla, Baker»fleld. Los
AiFelet and El Paso. (West- „
bound arrives Tla Coast Line)... «1S0»
1000a The Overland Limited — Ogdeu,
Denter, Omaha, Cnicago.... B55*
1200* Hajward. lilies and Way Stations. -3-25»
tLOOP Sacramento RlTer Steamers. t114J0r
ZMr Benlcia. Winters. Sacramento. %
Woodland, Wllllamt. Coloaa, Wil-
lows. KnJffhts LandlDSt. Marys- • ¦• '*•
Tille. OroTllle and way sttUons.. 10 B?a
3.30p Hsywara. Nile* and W«y Stations.. J.6Sr
400-* Mart!nei,SAnKaraon.VaIleJo,JIapa,
' Callstoea, Santa Koaa ... ."-Zf*
4-OOr Mmin«,Tracy.Lathroi>,Stoc)Kon, 102&4
400p Nlles. LlTerraore. 8toc!ttoo,Lodl.. 4.25*
4 J0p Hajward. Nlles. IiTlngton, Saa I J8.66*
Jose. LIvermoTe I 111.65a
iJtCr The Owl Limited— Fresno, Tnlare. _
Bakersdeld. Los Angeles .... • 35a
6-00> Port Costa. Tracy. Stockton. Lo»
Banos .•••» 1 S-?5*
?5.30? Hayward. Nlles and San Jo»« 7 25*
6-OOp Hajward. Nlles and San Jose iU-25a
14107 Orienui Mail— Otiita. Penrtr, ..-,«•>,
¦•' ¦ • . ¦ Omaha, St. Loni*, ChJcago and
i .. : JCast. Port Costa, Benlcla. Sul- ,
. son, Elmlra, Darts. Sacramento.
. - Roeklln. Aubu-a. Colfai,
I ?* . Trackee, Boca, Kino, Wada-
!¦¦ ¦ - worts, VlDDemieei, Battla
(• Mounuln. Elko 4-ZS*
. ¦ ' ».. Reno. Truckee. 8acramento, DaTls,
/•¦ Solsua, Benlcla, Port Costa 7.65a
I. . COO Vaiiejo. dally, except Suadaj.... I 7 ec.
I 7.00* Vaiiejo. Sunday only f
I ' 7X0i* Baa Pablo. Port Costa, Martiaei
I ' '• and Way Stations 11-2Sa
' ' 8.06J» Oregon * California Expre»»— Sao-
1 ramento, MarysTlIle, Redding;
"1 ' . Portland. Puses Soatd and East. 8-53 a
8.10i* Bajrward, Nlles and San Joie (Sua-
-" day only) ....' 11.61*
11.25r Pert Costa, Tracr, Lathrop, Mo-
ceito. Merced, Raymond (to To-
,-¦:.- somite), Fresno, Ilinfcrd. VI- '
: sal'a. Bakersfleld 12-?ra> .
• COAST LINE (Harrow b».ug»).
• (Foot of Market Street.) ¦ .
- 746a Santb Cruz Excursion (Sunday . «^>
onij) 8-1C»
B.15a Newark. CentervlUe. San Jose,
.'•_ Felton, Boalaer Creek, 8»ata '
, .' Cm» and Waj Stations :.-. B-Zj*
' t>.16"» Bewark. CenterrUle. Saa Jose.
*• -w . New Almaden. Los Gatos. Felton,
f ¦•. - Boulder Creek. Santa Crui and
f . . Frinclpul Way Stations 10-85*
j -. •' •J.16* Newark, Ban Jos«. Los Gatos and
f.' ;- - - waj nations (on Saturday and
j > • " Bundaj runs through to Santa
.-;:-.-• . Cruz; Monday onlj from Santa
_ , Cnw). Connects at Felton to
'• and from Boolder Creek tg-PB*
1 w OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
I From SAN J-KAACISCO, * out or lli»r!tet St. (311»J>
.' — t7M5 »:0O 11:00 A.M. 100 3 00 B.ISrJt-
. from OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — t6:G0 -
| \^_ t6:U5 10:00 a.k. 1200 200 400 r.M.
j' ... COAST LINE (Uro»d Uauije).
; •'¦ gy" ( i'hlrd and t'curnsend 8creet».)
! 8.10 a 8^j Jose and War Stations •¦30'
h t/COA San Jose and Way Station*. B-38*"
i'* - 7-15 a Monterey and Santa Cnu Excur- '~ ¦
Is'od (Sunday only) ..i — 0-30r
." 100 a New Almadea (Tue*.. Frld.. on!r). 4.18*
I C0a Coast Line Limited— Stops only 3aa
['¦ .-:• ¦.-•¦ -¦ Jose, Gllroy (connt"<Uia for' Hoi-
I-^ ¦•'•.': lister), PaJaro,.CastroTllle, Sa-
I. «.':'-. Unas. San Ardo, Paso Boblea,
j *> ".-.'-..• BanUMargarlta.SanLn1»Ob!3pf>.
| ••.•;•'.:¦¦ - Goadalnpe, Burf (connection for • -.•
*>¦•.¦'' i Lomuoc), Santa Barbara, Saopu
1-. -•.-.. ,',' ': and Los Angeles. Connection at
I V .'¦'¦' ' - CaatroTllle to and from Monterey
• .*:*:•-'¦ '- k.adPaclflcOroTe 1043*
, - 1.00a San Jose, Tres Ft nog, Capltolsv
!*'» -* SantaCruz.PacIflctiroTe. Salinas,
i ¦ . ¦ San Luis Obispo and Principal -
». . ¦¦ Inte-Tiedlate Station* 4.10»
tO 50a Ean Jc-e and Waj Stations 1.20'
I II^IOa Cemetery Pa«i enger— South Saa
i • .' Francljco, Saa Bruno 1.0*?
I 1130a Santa Clara, San Jote, Lo* Gate*
•¦• ¦ and Way Stations 7.30'
I- a1.30r Saa Jo»e and Way Stations ... .... x 7 00 ¦
2.C0P £ac Jose and Way SUtlons I9-4C*
2.30p Cemetery- Passenger— -Sooth Saa
i -. Francisco. San Iirono. 4.31"
I t3.CQr Del Monte Express— Santa Clara,
• *?j .: 6an Jose, Del Monte, Monterej,
Pacific Grove (connecu at Santa
Clara for Santa Cruz, Boulder
• Creek and Narrow Gange Points) t12.1&»
• . i JCr Pacific Grove and Way Statlona—
. ' Hurlinpnir e.Pan MAteo.Redwood, -
;, . - . Menlo Park, Palo Alto. Mayfleld.
Mountain View. Lawrence, Santa
• Clara. San Jose, <G!'roj. HolUs-
; Ut, Tre» PInos), Pajaro. Wataon-
Tille. Capltola, 8anta Cnu, Caa-
.'. troTille, Salinas 10.4S*
. 4 30r San Jose and Waj stations ' 8 3l .
• o-COp San Jose, (via Santa Clara) Loa
: :.- Oatos. Wrlshtand Principal Way
Stations (except Sunday) 9.0C ••
56 30p EanJoieandPTinGlpalWayStaUons tS-OI- »
t6.16P SanMateo,Beresford,BeImoni.San
U , Carlo*. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park. Palo Alto t».4E»
5.30i" Ban J.ose and Way Stations. G-3i. *
•GOp Sunset Limited. Eastbound.— Saa
' Luis Obispo. Santa Barbara. Loa
Ad Re lea. Deir.Jair. El Paso. New
Urlnns, New York. (Westbound
i arTlTrsTlaSxnJuaquIn Valley)... ir8.2T-v
I.OOr Palo Alto and Way SUtlons 10.1S*
11.30* South San Francisco. MUIbrae.
!-• Burllagame, San Mateo. Bel- ¦
! ,V- - moat, Saa Carlo*. Redwood, Mil
Fair Oaks. Menlo Park. Palo IS^n
Alto. Mayfleld, Mountain View, ?••*»?"
Sunnyvale, Lawrence, Santa
Clara and San Jose J
A for Morning. P for A f ternooa.
X Saturday anil Sunday only. J Sunday only.
I Stops at all stations on Sunday.
t Sunday exeepted. a Saturday only.
• V la Coast Line. tr Via San Joaquln Vallay.
6Reno trala eattboand discontinued.
pronlj train* stopping- at Valencia St. scntbboun J .
•xr 6:10 a.m.. f7:lX>A.*..ll:C0A.Jf.. 2:30 1 1 .*, and 6:30r*.
|^^[^^SiT0 SA*/ RAFAEL.
SJJll^ll? SAfl QUENTIN,
BsfflxmmMmi mh j VALLEY.
CAZADERO* ETC.
WEEK DATS— (Holiday* exeepted) — 8:4.\
?•7:45 S:45 0:45 II a. m.. 12:20. »l:-»5. 3:15,
4:15. t5:15. "e.-lS, 6:«, 9. 11:43 p. xa.
7:45 a. in. tra'n week days doe3 not run w
SUNDAYS ANT> ' LEGAL. HOLIDAYS— 7. .
|8, t*». t»10. 11, tH:3» »- ra.. tI2:»0. t""l:30.-
2:35 "3:50, 5, 6, 7:30. 9. 11:45 p. m.
Train* marked <•) run to San Quentin.
Those marked (t) to Fairfax, except 5:15 p. m. .
Saturdays. On Saturdays the 3:15 p. m. trala
"FROM SA.'/rAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Week day*— 5:25. t6:25. 7:40, 8:15, J9:."».
11:05 .a. m.. 12:30, 2:20. *3:45. 4:50. 5:30. «:«,
10 S&sb\rS— 6:15. 7:35. J3:10, 0:W. Jl«:55.
•11:45 a. m.. 12:5O. 2:30. J3:25, 4:40.
6:65. 7:35. 10:20 p. m. . V, ' —
Trains marked (t> start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAN" FRAN-
CISCO— Week day*— 5:45. 6:40. 7:45 8 :2 V
»:45. 11:10 a. Ta., 12:40. 2:45. 4:15. 5:10. 7:0**
10 BUN"DAYS-«:3». 7:55, 10. «*»<>"!; «"¦*
1:05. 2:40. 3:45. 4:55, 6:05. 7:^ g 10 - 40 P *. A
7:45 a. m.. week' days— Cazadero and way^
in., week day, (Saturdays" eK^tedi--
Totnales and way stations. • j
3:15 p. m.. Satnrday4-C*aa««> and way*
Sunday* and Lepal Holldays-Sa. m.. O^"~§j
'Tundrys^d^THolldays-lo'a. «.. Point
RC T y i e CK a rT^F y FVc a r% Urt-t -t.
FEKRY— Foot of Market st. .-¦
MOUNT TAMALPAfS RAILWAY
SzhS&z F@^ nroossnr:
fc»n<a'y* mijr >«"•• tmraT »»V>*".«h*w8.?. iH3Or
"TICUT I tX UMOMMt ST- tNorrtb Shore Ra^roj4>
omOB I awl SACTALffoPMtaT Foot Marta* St.
RESAL ESTATE-^ITY—--FbR SALfi.
$1400 — MODERN cottage; 8 rooms and' bath";
city water; lot 50x100; (150 . cash' $23*
monthly. . • .
• |1500 — 5-room cottage; redwood fnlsh;- electric
lights; hot- and. cold water; easy; ray^
menta. • . .- • , . • : " * .'
$1000- -Lot 50x135 on main avenue; ,$20. month.
$2000 — 2-story. house I'etore- and .11 -rooms: «lty
: . . .; water and- well; b>oad street; xnacadam-
¦ •' lred. " ' • ¦". . '••¦'-. ' A34
•?2TO0— Half block by the Babta t**:'$50 mctntfi.
I fl. r KK>-rLct for factory, site. 221x125. '• .'172,
J2iKK>— House.- 4 rooms,, att>c "an<T high *>K5e- '
;. . ment;. lot -100xl3Q: street. -macaaamized.
; $1000— Corner, OisxlOO.- ca' rallroaS ; $15 month!
$12^0 — House, "3 rooms'; barn; well; macadam.
•..".-¦-.':..• '.-' --'•:•••¦.- . ' . . A50.
. $45(»— Cabin. 1 room; lot .32x125; riear'statlafc
CHAS. A- BAILEY. J056 Un-iversity. ave,.-
r.ep.r San. Pablo ax-e., Berkeley. ' ; ; .". :
ONLY "$25S0 for^.both-'cr '$1290 : for one; 'two
., choice and. very- cheap- lo's; a. barga'n.; west.
; tide Sixth ¦ ave., north' of- Lake st.; tha- ad-
.Joining lot .just, sold -for $1500;. ready fqr
: tuflding: -lots- are graded/ street Kiacadttn.-zed
;. ?nd *ewereii;;jras, water 'and elffctricity'-cn
; -. vtrcet ;* a sui^riqr.'ciass' of residences are be-
ing built 'In this. locality;. 'only. a ffw steps'
:\- -from, the .electric cars' on Lale etr a'flse'ba-y
• for: a -builder. to -.sell-agajn: can arrange fOr
. . easy paynlents; policy of title Insurance" cov-
| :' «rs the lots, 1 Issued .by 1 'Oil'./ Title* Insurance'
f- and Trust, -Company,. : ". •• • "^ ¦
¦ •"-¦.':¦.¦ '¦.•.¦• '.- '.¦ " '. •' W. J.. GUNI?.- • ;
A~--. S30 Cal.iforHla St.. (Savings Union: BIdg,).
! ONLY- '$i7504-B*Lfgaip.fl; .lc<.k''6n\. sunn/ *id»
;•¦. Unipr. ¦ st>. ' with »rrand f?i<i.rlne-view; readjr.
.. 'lor .-buildinr.;-. cairs* ya.se; .the" only- lots' .that
'• are. now for sale.' choap en nort'h wide xTnion.
¦.¦¦¦¦ v "'-':."''.''-'.'''--::''. •"¦¦ W. .J.-.GUNN, '- '.
..:. C3Q Calif orrila st; (Savings -Union ,tildg;.>. .
BARGaIN-^Two- hani-somer.h.eW. ; residences', of.
.- ¦-¦6. rooms ahd" hn-h: synny;' modern' e.nd : . up", to
. '. -tlate .in -o-ery CJa'rVaxiar: "K-Jii.;W& -.and. -lje.8 :
• ¦".-. Clayton. Et.,'Aear Ciolden 'Gate ParK; .price 1
. ' sr.l'Hi and. $54(Xf. ' Apply- it. i"D. GRAKS'rON
'. & SONS; il4.MoriH-jrj.ery-.Bt. •; • . .' ¦: _
' $2100 C0TTA-3E of 4 r -avid "b.. -large .base'mevt
•;•; •" :.-:'. .and; yard;. 224.27th sts •this-ls'a
|..$1QO d-pw'n &?.d $.15 per.'mbnth; cottage, 4'r. and
]¦• ••> • • b. ;.'-Neyads.'aVei" •. •* ». . " ' ' '•
j; ¦'. P. COFFIN A. CO".. .^305 'Mission At. '
.'. ilLOsSO^-INOOME-'property 'sotth «jf .Marlret'st. ;.i
..(--.= .. pay.Fj. 10^. pef. ceft*' nr.t .'after deducting '• ail-
; |: expenses. .-THOK-NF;' /fe CO.V..>12 < Et,>eh-8t: I •
'; .pt'lL'O-- on your; .unimproved 'realtv;' we Toan*
: v >. full cos't.lmpyov. und part" lot- at -J'j.er -cenL'
• -. -MAIvlIATTA.N -LOAN CO.* Cnjcker building.
.'aA'ba-RGAIN; .Jot 2?x?/)0: Mission.' > t.i h'r.ir
j 23th. Ari'Iy .Owner. <i8'4 Ash ave. . \ y
JttEtAX •EST. # k'IlB-i-Cbn'ntry'-7F.F»»* JSni'ei.
.2'ACR'ES- lan'J, adjoining -I* ; iiio'n PB,rk;'. Coj-ma;
••.'fenced .hedggi aru'and. land;. g<x>d- -hoi'ise;..
. , chictceri-h.oasei?, .water ; /easojiab"le:--.ch'ick<rhi.
. durke. R. F-. .THORNTON.. A16 JSxa.mlner; bid, j
AL ALF A, elands.-' ' etiyk^ rar.cS.es,. -orchardBV.
I Vi-vvaw: '. inspected bargajihs: monthly iata;-
. '.logue«.sejA f.'ee.-'C- M. 'WOOiSTEIvl CO.:.&4*3
: Mart'?t st.' . . .',.'¦... .¦'•¦" '¦•''.
FOR. Bale-*-25*iP. i> r«« .near Mulb .Station; pirtly
¦ -,:.; r*ar"t6tr«.n.ypung vln'ey?^.; <?!1M roads*, •v^.d-
¦j.-: . drest- E. B.; 507 Stxth Vt..'.OakIan£. \ • ¦ . '
I.BATKiAIX^To.wnt of. eejl.- 4«£ *'cn?s*near' Sin-
1- . Mateo.'- 20? Ch«.rch. jnr". MarXe-^JO^ioll a.m.
T*QR- ¦rou".try'*nd*{lairy -tarichfs j-le.ld'ng a k<o?.&
|- .-.. profit. HAMILTPN.fr KEN.TJ.Ri-t'K. Peti lur/ia.
: ¦ PQIX^ A ICIIMOVCT REAL .tTS'f aV"J.'-'.
. .WATER- front .lots .•ma'-b&rfjs'ins: ..all* tractsi
mapg. .ph'otoii. etc. BELL. 4;7^Pj-rrott.
V; " . *. .A*UA9IEli.1. ' REAL" FfSTATB. *" I*. "'.
TriST WkAT; YOU'-AR*V lijO*KINCJFb.R.v"3 • ;
V : ' ;" ¦ A PBET*TY".HQM^ ."IN -^AiTED^L
• Sdrrou'nd'e* ty "flowers and -fruit tre>«*; .near"^
.train arid. _ school* ;' pnly-5<>S5O;«lot. f Bxl*25.";' .
. '<•' ,Nfce . Brwjom cottar* and "jath. * . '•' .' ..* '•
I..:-. .. , . • ALAMEDA UA-N13 COMPA^fY*. ij
C-'.Tel: Gra»d'14*tfi.-- >5O»- Barl». .st.j. Alameda... :
J 1 — . ¦ : ' ' 1 . * : — i — . ¦.. y ¦*> j — t " * '. —
j : ' DERKELEY* ItfefAL. '^S'TATEc; / ;
;thIs 'lsa .BEA.t-T;Y.* # ! ' ?° '.• .-.. "'¦' ' *.?*•;¦
-,' 7.-room'.-h*ouEe,. bath. .2>tolletat fitatioTiary
..tybs. .electi-J.c lights, .tlec.rateiJ-ceHlngs;' jtre^t*
'¦ work--.ao'ne;" i c*jn\,-?hient to'«-fe^i«y lintsT Pt/cfe.
$a500< .JerSjjs AStde-to %u'.t: o • " r> . . *.*o * « }, ;
.','.,' ; • '¦' ; . >. 6. „ /- :' "V* :• .
-.--ppgn. g-jndaye.' t ¦ .".. .- o '».*./ .LoVl'n. *
-a..verita'sle"^snap. " - '..*'•••.•* ..V. v .
'• ¦X'"neV. : 5-Vootn' t 'cci<taife. bath," % aiiet, ~Jltatn>n- •
.-.-•'¦ ary. tub?r." BtreSt " x*J>rk 3opet # *priee 5200Q;*'
'•.; -ierms' "$109 *iai?n, «J>ala>.ce..eam» as' .»e*cJt'..- .
I- ' . . *; . ' " i * o '• • O. A,*° > RCDDSPH* S *
r »bpen.Sun*aya • **. ., •*"'.' ..LorVi.., ,
I -here il»»;s-v. : i v// .. •; '•'<;•'•¦
' .A- neT'fl-pponi Cottage : c bath toilet.- station***-
- ti!bs:-.* large eioj 1 ,' close" A c Etafton ;-and" ferry
lj.>.«-; price^ floOO;- t«-i»1iB < fo'*urt.".°- •. . .
- •• •- .. ' • .tO.. A.- RUDOLPH; •'* I. ."• . ?¦ . V .
. x OPE-N- SUNDAY.3. " „ . .,. ;LOnrN^. . •
' J. J. t MASdy.V^ - ° ''..•'. ' ' .*"¦..•..•
I • • ' Reaf Estate and. Jq^m-ancJe -Ajf;«?nt.
! • • • Cfi.->i£e # *Propef.t>* k S* &ctel*T. *. •-*••„
' " EE cor- bhattuck -ave.* o n <l Ge*nt'er,"«t.. " ~
* ' "¦ : »' Byrkelex. Ca/. .'..•-.
iliiSiilisiil
j ; — i . — . ;. — ;° . ./ r-^ — 7T-S-'
4- * 0FFIcfe/iri8' iJBQ*Ai3WA.X." f
i/"^ OAK*, AAD rVjAL-^^SSTATK.- ""
' SCO-O^ORIG
ro'jms: 5 mantels, heaters, s *cemenc t)%sg-'
I* ment; .hardwood "finish lulls qpil dlnlnj--
I' •.. room; a s cor,i:er lof, 75x^25 (npte ejze)£ele-
j. "• gant rfiarnje. view; f orn^er nome of * o6r
I .' ; preset v o Governor, George JC. Pa^rdee, and»
'(¦' ¦ lljc«b hlntsel'T, thoi^mTehlr si*bsta*ftiltl and o
I '.' ' first-clatj in evejpr . re%r>e«t : fpCrms Tjnly
$1<K» cash, .balat.^e nior&a«e. ' <• o .
¦' ' 1. S..M?E>«S or'GErt. W. AUSTIN.
,1 -¦ . • , . • - 10JJ*: Brdadwly. Oakland.
'* $100* cash and c !*,45 'p. month uuys ' & "new
•¦ '• colo*nial 7-room houje, right on "12th st. o
*i. \ boulev^nJ^* large" iott *;>pen and-nickej
I- *' plumbing; .esmljinaihin- jfas»* o rfijRures; «2
I. I- blocks to local station and school ;" cars,
1 lr. front" «* the door; $300 leS6 Jt-hatj "wouM'l
I :\ cost ft> duplicate; owner prefer* ti> c seJI oft-i"
I*, 'time rather tharv? it-nt. ThH is -a "ra^e
*,' -I cboftce; peeing' is c "jelievlng. "•*• • .
• .' I • S. S, MVERS or GEO. \\\' AUSTIN,..
I ..*% ." * * o ° 1wj2 Broadway. Oakland. '
"I : T CI/EAP"-LOTs! cJlEAP LOT^. o'T*
I * "fi* cash? $2 J50 "monthly* .hrfe.fevel Jpts; "-oil
,' ar.dllocStiSn superb; price $75. o
tt) Ash. $5 monthly,; level lots In new'set-
t:.«r^ent; eort and- location the best; 50x1/5;
pnej $1SO. " ;' ° . o° ' * •
, t'J'.caeh. tl *jO°monthly; extra rfine lo°ts, lOOx
12v :i; 75*hi»mes Just gtvie up;. has a great «•
tur- J see them; pricfe -vitll build y<m a
hcr:,4. . * *•-:;. . c I- " . ?
$:«> cash. **yo monthly: {0Qt200; level and
.1 finf. ir.tn, adjoining East Oak.»and*, streets grad.
j.ed; ibout lWr houses built "in His? than two
yeari city, water etc.; price $585. Call or fiend
for '-fc-cular. 155 toeventh n}., opposite Broadwa-y
stat.il, Oakland. Carriage free. IL Z. -JONES
own}. . _^ ¦>.. '
, $2T.C'H-COMFORTABLE .cottage with bay-wln-
; flfw? and high basement ; '.lot 140 feet deep:
¦file "large bar*;; gravel drtveway; .jilce
I •K'fihborhood: street w.ork %I1 done; above*
Baa! Pablo ave.; -terms IJ you like. •
No patter i/?.a.t kind of a -place yo*j warlt
to b'j< b» f-ure to call-nnd see J. S' MYERS
or cnpRGE W. AUSTIN, 1002 Broadway.
j Oaklmd. - • . ••
OAJi^XD^FTRXITl'RR FOR SALK.
TO-KOKROW the" day itir bargains in fuTSu
tuir. ». S-hellhaa, llih ft.cor.Btore.Oaklnd.
DIVIDEND NOTICES. .•
OFFICE of Sierra Railway Company or Cail-
< fortit. No. 229 Crofker bldg.. San Fran-
; <1fo,, Cal., Oct. 1. ai«03— CoupoiPNo. 13 du«
i Oct. 12, 190-^, from first mortgag*e 6 per cent
bone*, of tlie Sierra Railway Company c'
! • .iil'i rnla. will b« paid at the fiscal agency
[ot tile company.- the Crocker- Woolworth Na-
; tlonal Bank or San Francisco. Cal., on .and
; after that date. .
S. I). FRESHMAN. Treasurer:
' iH I'ECAL ADVERTISE>icXTS^ ~
[ "3CRTCM-HOUSB. San Francisco Sept 30
j I'»fl3— Notice— Certain goods remaining* one
year in bonded warehouse will be sold at
, public auction at the United States Ap-
pralsn-'B etore on the 23d of October isk«
pt 10 o'clock a. m. Descriptive catalogued
ban bo had at the Custom-house on October
*7, 1903. or at the time and place of sale
<V. B HAMILTON. Special Deputy Collector
¦ _jt Customs. ., ..
A I BAnaAiNs in typewriters— We
(ell better machines for less money than any
kouse in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
* ' Exchange. 536 Callforala; telephone Main 266.
/.fc-EW eood typewriters at $30 each: get par-
tculars. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
tr-mery «t-
r 2UHAND . typrwritem sold. , rented, repaired.
.Vebrter rn*writer,lnspfc%. Co... 508 Market.
• " . SPEd'A-Ii KEOTICES. .; .'.
. NOTICE Is hereby riven that tbe i Transfer •
*Bo«Ii>) for the transfer of stock ot Tbe Bk.nk
- of California." wjli be dosed September. 15,
s .1903. at 3 o'clock* p. m.. and. will reopen on
.Frtflay.. October 2. 1903. By -order of the
Board of Directors. . ••" : : .- .' '
... • . '-. ALLEN M.' CLAT. Secr»t*«r. '
' 6ept»mber 3,°J.9O3. . •' . J ' ."
.DR. *A..E.' 'N"ET.' r MEISTJ£R, Surgeon — Special
attention given to- medical and surgical dls-
, •• eases of wo*neri, diseases -of the .Hver. •stom-
• ac& and bowbls. A13-14 Starr King bldg.,
121 Geary -.st. ';- teV Private Exchange 21 ft.
. Ladles ! Chlchester*^ English" P»nuyroj:al \ Pills ¦
• 'are be«t; safe, '.reliable; take no other.'Send 4c
¦ stamps for particulars. '-'Relief for Ladies."
jin letter b>" return- mail. Atk your druggist.
. ¦ .Chfthester" Chemlc.ai Co., Philadelphia,- Pa.
PENSION ktoraeyVM. HARRIS. c 40 EJHs nt.,
San Francisco: 14 -"years' experience* '.
¦ .A-. WEEK'S news for 0 "cents-^-The Weekly Call.
Iff pae>s. la 'wrapper: for malllnit'.'Sl per year;
• ... . :. SPKCIAy/lSTS. ' /• ' ' *
. CA^RRH^DSAFkESsTand SJOISES in" EJARS '
.positively curad;. new. iriethoia :• 1 week's treat-'
s: -mejat free. -Dr.. Cottingham.-'2Q4 Sutter st- °
" . SEAVINjS3I^JIIX^^^D~^£P^LJ^
' NE\V 'HOAiK sewing' macniue, this weels o^ly. °
fiO. $16. *20;. slightly' used: needles ",20c oo*.
!• .NEW;.H6mf; S M. CO.. lCWl Market st. .'
• ' .STORAGE "WA RE .U5H555^^:
.A— EMPORIUM Storfige & .Van Ca : ; furniture?'
• .• household «ods stored; '¦ move.d." shipped. . 725-
• .'73J. Howard. st.. near Tbird; phone- Grant 16L
, .PJETlCE^kODOLPH "storage &. Moving Co., "ot*.
. flee Post and .Powell, ate. .;• t.cfl.. Prlv.'.Ex. B>1«. '
¦ ;CONKUN'S Sstorige^Fifrnlturis and •merchan"-: .
. '• disoi* 3*33 '-Golden.. 'Gate «ave.i <phbne '.East 120.
. GOLDEN- -West. Storage- advance? "ma'df^ 840.
¦•_• Mission; st... ; tei.'Hoyard 941;-."F.. W.
' PACIFIC .Storage* asd Fuf*nl'tu/e. Moving 'Com-'
pany, 23.20 FiKmore 6t..;.ph"oge Jackson 281.
" BEKINS' Vsn'.alid storage Co.-' 11 Montgomery
' et.'} tet. Malr. 1840. Shipping at cut-rates. -
' S*r t TTKRJ^M^. *AXD" .-. STAMSrEJRIXG,
•J MTSI^BOTTRNE *Sch(>oi. Kesa.-Market— Core
•I In pvery case; Vndij'ldual teaching; no medl-
[ ' -e'Jie "Ihaulre in>» won'defitul. cures; home oure.
-^"'"^a'biiiagelicjenses. .¦•¦;.
: Tim /oTlOT^inj'^ marriage licenses were Issued
Sfsttrday* 1 . •.:-.•." '¦"..-
Brisco^'H. 'Jones,. 26; 164J> Padflq ' avenue',
•. «nd f Flonence-E. Salisbury, 25, .Bristol, 32ng- ;
land;; • .. . . . • . * .". -.*
.'. j'Jo'sepK* F; Flnn-n*ry. 21....712 -Teliama stfeefi'
. ! a-rti.^lae:Rpd*frs, IS, lKKTS.acTcBruno avsnue. '
". ,Ffed R..J. Rau, 23. .city. And Juli"ett«°K. ¦
JPi.ersoh, 21. city.'- : . " •'¦ .- "••" °j : • •
: *>,£doiph Kaufms.n'n'," 30,.-104'5'-*pine sfreeti o anij '
rAllce Oppenhrlmer'.-^S, .2"45'7 fi'^ott 'Btreet.
¦ •; .John Grant, 2<3, £55% Clara, street, an*tQrld-«.
.get Kenn?y, 22, cityp ",•'•• • . 0
" •.".Vincent" J. ¦ Petti* 1 , JS. o 27 Madiaoni' avf«uej t
and Margaret ''McCarlKy.. "22. 27* Madison' .aye. '
• * . Pe'ces: $:. Btirft-e. -2>. 0(2$ H o alght EU%et,= an/Jf:
Nora'-.T. FJyrmi-il. "KM) Va«° Ness iry«eni». <.'
..• . Jcfvsph • DV G'allnrW, 42. "210.0 Kear'iiy stseetf ,
and.LouJI>"e C- Thie>e; 3:£ 355V-San "Cdrlcvp. ave. '
. Paul H:'-Scfcr s elber,."3S,o345. Fifth street, "arfil-
• ISoMiia SchalHch k c '36*.-36C2 SiXteentli street.- \\
. PatricK.Ma"honey,?26, -city, "ajjdf Han'ualf- Mp*'
" t5we.enc*y.oo2Cj*.a:'\ty. "° » •'.'•''. ' '.• *"".'.. '*• .
¦'.- SyKaln.J, jjazarua; 2%..1304%La»l?ln's|reet^
. fir."!. RoBalifld Schneider, 24. 1353PoSt street. '
t £?afnilte M.- S'ulart, 21, • 212Q" • strasf*
aitt^tar*' KeliV? 21. . Stci-kton: . .- o •.' * .
" '-LVell B! Jlertz,. 34"; 150^ MeErket*streeV'°and-
. .Jiienora IJannfalnen;, JA.'fitt X3*iecrero' Vjreef. .
'. J .«?.;-° ..^ "' '-yi ; ... ¦'!,;''¦ .. i ¦• o .-,
"-•BJrth: ma°rrrairi gind aealh" onotlies v °seo*t °by
:<nal| w>ll <iot be- inserted." l?e h'tfnded
.. Jn at eK>her -<»f " the. "piibllcationo offle'es;, ¦arid fie
• Indorsed jwjth- the= Vjiir.e, aqd .residence of- peij**
eenf oruThfcrlzc<J*f6 0 °have. JKe "sjitr*} ."published. ° '-.
: =; • " \S •*.:. • >'. •' i i« : ' ° •{¦
\ '.BRAoriAIS?-In : SouTh- Stm FrsLnjiscp'-^eistenv
' c beV 27,.-.- i 19.03-, .the .w.l^e'of Henri -TBrachals;
r«-a = »oh. •.'• . .' -°o o ' . ¦ • „" "; ' ...•: o . :.»
?W"ARRISA-jta Jkls tlfjr, Sefeternber "2SV'i»03,' it} '
; klje. wife' <jf=.Ti ,y.° Hjirr-ls, a. daugfitiir^ - . '•
!, HANR A'^JT Y— Jn •' Sriji^i .'• San *'. Francfsro,'/ Eep- ¦
i tejnbcr'CColnair- to the' yrtfe-.of Arthur -T^aa-!
: a jra'f ty, 4 • iaug.htter* ." • • 'o : o
WILLIAMS— In- Ojrs'.citJ 1 , -|3#jAember^^iaoS.-
: ilo. tMe°wifeoot J. WHli^ms, 'a son.-_. ,^
¦ • .-. ATfisbco. Michel :.'• o.-jofdan. '-Marie 0 •".."•. .j
.Aiistjn,- «aiiiam' -, .Julll&n, Jules "s ;."
"r-Blankman", 'Ell^bejh- EJaKn", Sophl* .
' ... •CLIlaghari'.'M'i.ria. j:?' o"Roste-r, Tllla' .B. - 0 . :;
> • C&peyi w Antortfo" kc, • °Krog*r. Maud* <jj
? :^ I rdao«i, o V!:iMVinj D fc ° • .Kru*ickel, I./t'er V.. ?'
1; -J CIirtis,«.t:Krlsr».r.h.er •McC&rthy, J»hn-" I ...
• . . jDexScej-, .Oikf lotte -'-McEirtfee,- Esther -M." •
i - -.DoKert^.wSIarVaret- 0 " McNeil; Daoiel ,-••
• • HugaA; Patrick " .. .' i Maffin, DugtesfJ.-' °.
-. Greenp\\*fllfam,t/ -\ .LfCathe.J. . ',
• 'Halble,. Constatf-t „" o . -Murphy, Jeremi»h: .-
.rrCitnmorfd, Jdn? A. 0 Koi'inann.'Grtto'-. c ° °-
. HelnJs,- William" Hi "Siebeft. Frlt2 *'-° •".
."''¦> H^£mi«. t." E? R.o ° . K'tew^rf, Mamaret ."
¦.'•iluwe, iVendeiio. ". * o .' Stewact", Maggie . .' o
, ¦ Jo . # Joh*nstc<£ • Jo'fln.- o c . . ° '.' o ° 0 . ».
• ATsSSRO—Ri "t>te -cjty,"". Septe.ntfje'r 20,!fl903'.
'.-> Mj,chael. Apetjro, a. native pf Ireland, »aged.
• ." 54 year,s. 0 '• , . o °o o> - 0* - . '<•. \ r
¦ . ' ° TJT'Notlce c/. fpheral- hereafter, nerhalns-
° of the uhdectakjngop'arlors ot»Gantner.-Bros.v'
• y2Ua Mission 'oE-treet,. .brt'wei^n Eighth, and
». ..NJfftb.. ¦ •¦»•„••¦ "-. - - t ° -. ' .'
'••"AUSTIN— In.' SJ\T4 '*}ty.°J Ser*«nber 'P\ ISO?,
, .oWfllia»v,.Ausjin: -a native ..of IlllnCis.'r.'agej ¦
' o.35 -years. •*."•- .••¦>:• o . »
,BLANK:tI4N-£jn' ¦?Jhl's cIty,*°'S]ept-ember- 27J'
-" 11&J3. Eil7.abe.th o "B/,°belov&d .wife of Wit-
liaia c Bfankma*n,"*afid mother'-of Mf8. -.firuij!
', c Janes" t^d" Mrl J .T. 1?:' Sangs.. a hative°of.
1 • . N.ew York. '. '"".. . . * . • •" ¦ °* • . , .
. fci LLAGJlXN— In ".> thl«» 'o Sente'iniier ZQ, C
¦ .•fyO3, Maria EngV^icla IttunraS, wjdow. tit tha.
' ,". late Ur. • J.ohn „£>?• C.allaBhan, a- n'3tii*s of
¦' '. Cal. ., • ° ' • o . \ .
',.' : fc?; Services -«il .S^. »(5mlplc\s "CMJrCTi» ti-.
] Jnorr"*.v*(cjTl<l*dy), at O.'tO o" clock." Interment'
<.' sy-l^tly pr»va{tV o <JCInd]y # omtt flower^..-
CAPFJLU— In ".Ufalrfi^ifrg, Sonoma ."Oauritvv 0
.? 'C8r.;-Sfptem*ef 28.- il>w:i, Ajifoslo A.*' d'early •
¦ Behoved huibafid of AmellaVCapelU?'" Beloved'
¦• "Tath^r of Dolce <^iRd Romllda..Capelnv > belovCd-
' Bon of Carlo *ind° Iiomerflca: Capelllfp and 4je--
; -ltJVed bfotHbr <jf &nrha«H Capelli. Mrs. • I^ou-.
• *". "lsa SegaU'^na- Mrs-, Qjjrll, a* natjve of
» "Italy, age'd 31 .years 5, j 'nionths 0 ando 15 days.?
• (EyFclends" and acquaintitnees »re respect- 0
ftiWy invited to «ttyhd. the 0 funeral io s (la*y
.- °(Thurs(Jtu»),o*at c l ¦"o'clock, from his parents
residence, VV Varonnes^tr^el^oft Union, be* :
c ° tween DujxWit aiid KeaVny..- N. B.-f-^t l(k
;, o'clock, eame.daj*, a requienr high taoxa will
I be°celebft| b teU for the repose, of his Eoul«it
,r°-Sts. Peter and IJaul's ItaHan ChiH-Qjh, o cor-
ner -Duponi? and- FinjeVt streets. Intermen.f
.Ngw Italian Cetnetery." Please omit flowers.
CitAfJOE— In °this "city. -Beptfmber 24, °1QO3,
'•William lJavUs Craco^! beloved husband 1 of
-the 'late Mary E. Craguf, aad fathfy of WIN
" HamoW. Crag*??- Mrs-^'As^ies Reim^r, Mrs.'
"Ella McPheenvy and the lat/j HawyoO.-Cra-
o goe, JL 4»atlve «jf Wales, -aired £7 years. <:.•,,»
CC.RJ'IS^-In \hfs city, 30. "1903,
Christopher.. S., ,belov*d husband p£ : o Laurq,
. A.'£artlB rfhd fathef.o*°John, Leiit'a; Sadle^
Mary, Chrislopher Jr. "and Helena Curtis, a,
. nat^e^ of o Maine, ag(Dd Cl- O "years- 3 mpnihs
,°and 12 days. -«oo . ° " <; * " •¦• ;
" " 3v^d a'cqu j alntAn°cea are°resn^?;t-'
fuliy Uvited°to aUend the.fug<!ral to-morroW
"(Friday), at .11*10 "o'eiock, from Franklin
Ifall. Klllmore street, "near Bush, under
• auspices <?f Kirife Solomon's Lodge ?Jo. 200, •'
O F« and Ac. M. Interment Mountain -View
o Cemetery, Oakland. . „" ' . °°
"DECKER — In Palo Alto. September 80, J003,
' ,' Ckarlotte DeCker, beloved wife 8f Dr. Charlefe
. * W, Decket. and mother of Bthel an*l o Charlle
Decker,* aged 47 years. . • . . .
. |C7 Private ffl«eral from residence Fr^ay. .
, No flowers % • . "° * . o ¦
DQHERTY— In this City, SeptemBer £0, 1003,
"Siargarct Doherty.'a nutlve pf Ireland/- aged.
• »77 years. • • " .
DUGA&— In this city, September 30. luO3. at
2073 Pine . street, .Patrick, - beloved, husband
of Ellen Duifan, and lov.ing father "of 'Mrs.
' F."«A. Lassell and Tharoas M'. James. E. and
Kate H. Dugan, a, native oq "Ireland, &geU,
.• 84 years and 7**months. . : o
gTrEEN— In * this cKy, .Septfmber' 2$ J , 1903,
. William T., devoted brother b of John, *>ed,
fcirayson. Emos |ind -Lee Green, and cousin
'of Mrs. Blanche Wade, a native of S&nta
Je, Mexico, aged, 40 years.* .'->.',<
E7" Friends 'and acquaintance are.respect-
'fully Invited, to attend the funeral to-day.
(Thursday), ot 12:45 o'clock, from, the, par-
lors* of Monahan.o O'Hara & Co.. 2330 and
2341 Mls^Jon street, near IJineteenfti, thence '
to St. •Patrick's Church for services, com-
. mencing at 1:50 'o'clock. , Jpterment 'Holy
Cross Cenfetery. *
HAIBLE — In this city, September 27, 1003,
Constant, son of Mrs. M" Halble of' Ger-
many, and brcfther of Mrs. Mary <Vitmore,.
Mrs. Clara Lange and Frank Ha,lble of New
York, fi. native jof, Germany. A member
of ¦ Gambrlnus Vereln and San Francisco
Schwaben Verejp. * . - ; ;.
* C7Fricnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to .attend the. funeral services
to-morrow iFriday), at 1:30 o'clock, at the
parlors of H. F. Suhr Jk Co., 1137 Mission
street, between Seventh and Eighth." , mulct
the auspices of the San Francisco Schwaben
Vereln. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
HAMMOND~In this city, September 30, 1003,
Jane A., beloved wife 6f Charles Hagnnond, '
F. J. Monahan, President.
i MONAHAN & CO.,
¦ ' -* (Inc.) « . /
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3
Za30-23tl Mission st. Telephone Mission 81. v.
James McGinn. . Henry Hansen. I
JAMES McOINN & CO.-.'i I
- Formerly With McGinn Brns.. I
—Funeral Directors and Embalrsers.-— - I
214 Eddy st.; Tel. South 576. .... - ¦¦ I
rEnso>ALS.
(4— FACIAL BLEMISHES REMOVE!).
Wrinkles, yellow and flabby ekin, birthmarks,
emallpox pitting* and ecars scientifically re-
moved without cutting, massage, electricity or
medicines- er«clal deroon«tratlcn» thU week.
CaH »r write DR. L. WILLIAMS. 371 Geary.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves is growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
and itrhinff fcalp; no stain or stickiness;
¦ cleanses scalp: at drupe^is'. hairdressers' ;ac-
Cf-pt no e-jbi-titute. Star Kemedy OQ..1SS8 Polk.
NOTICE to tfce Public— From this date I will
not fc* responsible for bills or debts con-
tracted in ir.y name by any r-erson without
mv written order. I>ated this 28Ui day of
September.- 1^C3. WILLIAM DREYER.
BRAfN*— Professor Martin, graduate masseur
of the Imjv-rial University Mo«pital. Vienna.
Office 21-4 ?tarr King bliig.. 121 Oearj'. Tel.
r.xchange SIC. - ' • '.- : ¦,:;. ¦
NOT bow chear> but how good is the n.otto ot
the manufacturers of the Racid tflotary
Standard, the s»ewrajr-rr:aeh;ne of .to^cay. - .J>
W. CVAJCg, acer.t 1021 Market St..
VlWS.lCTUt'S. 15 years' experience, cur-s - per-,
rr.anent^ morphlno. coooalne habit. Call. or.
address Central J'harmacy. 251 Grar.t -are.;
corner /hitter st.: fee moderate. -•¦-'; ¦
JiAO ca-rcts wove to order and for sale; .also
chenille-wove ru.8. eilk port!eres;.<ieaJ«'r.. in
tsn*t twice, in hank or chain, at' ' lowest
r.tes. Geo. Matthews. 70S Fifth: et.i Oakland. :
GOOD cook and restaurant man wiehe* to roeet
lady 25 to 35 with means to etart fefa'Jrant;
object, matrimony. Box .4<C7. -a. all <:ific.e.V. -
A~GEXTLEM AX wants to rorm the t^quaint-.
ar.re of California lady; object m*-.rimony:
Address box 1SC0, Call office; .'.;. •.':¦¦' ¦
DliUN'KETCXnSS. mon hlne »tid: all cirug . dis-
eases positively cured Toy .'.Willow Pork. Co..
1839 Polk it.; consultation free • call -¦ r rr'te.
B£3IOVAlr— OZt: vrT'c. STn^TTOK has re-'
mo\«><j hl« office from 22.'>5: MIjsIo-: t-t i*
. rooms C73 and 074. Parrott hMg. 1 2m porium).
DANCING Tuesday, Tliursday.'Saturiay .and
Sunday eTenintt at Ti-u'.onla Hall; ¦ llbwanl
et.. near Xlnth; managtincnt Pr&f. . poster..' ' ¦
AT lees t!ian cost, utiralled fbir'Buits. overcoatB
and trouser* at CHAIiLES LYONS':/ Ljpndon
Tailor, 721 Market ft.. ':¦•;'¦¦ ';.-. '.'¦/¦ -j. ¦ :'¦ ¦ '¦'¦
ELEGANT suits en *asy lwiallnients: :.rx)-,ce.ate
end up rer week.' LEONi' LE^IOS,.- 1.12T
Market ft., between S?vez«h and Eighth.-. ;.,.'•
6UITS to order-on in-tallmentSi : .$l-t*i>r-w:eek. :
Neuhaua & Co., ni<frch:tnll6rB;~2tt7i'J.Market;
SUPERFLUOUS hair & males' re^ooved-br' rlec-
trlc needle. X>r.-& Mrs:Travers*.117(i Marlivt-".
•THE bc«t place to buy 1 good' umbrellas •';>?
ha\-e ttem covered or repaired it.120 &tocktpn v
ALL etyles I^^rdrPSFlr.r 25c; >iir goods: mar[i-
curtng, l'5c O. LCUfcREIt, ±2* Stockton- ft.
eult $7 50; -<Jre-«"plante $?S).
Mlsf.t Clothing Parlcr.cbr; vBueh anc's r»ut>6n'..-
TtlAPQUETtAINE costum»s. -play .'bock>, ¦' wlps,'.
cour.try ord- -.fj. xyPLDSTEIN' & CO.. >33 Mkt.
Eryptian Henna rertorcs cray.
bair to Its natural color; fl; .of all. drucg'.sts'. 1
©Jrerfiuous hair anj mole« rem^vied ¦••wit n elec-'
trie needle. Mb. & Miss -'Eatori.'-lll». Sutter.
ROOMS FOB HbrSEKEEPIXG. • '
A— ST. JAMES; McAUlster"- and- -Larunai-Fur--
cUhed sunr.y suite,: with/ eeparate'.:-.bUnny:
kitchen; gas ranee; «11- '-coinpleta.. fox' .honM- '
keeping: 111 up. . .¦-¦'¦ ••.-.-.;.';.¦•:;;¦'¦..•¦• ;.?¦'.'.^..-
r ANTLERS. 41S Turk et;^-Strictly' nv>dern; '4-8
room apartmenu; t ur. "or .unfwr.. lor bekpis: .• -.
15 Page — Ltrge -Turn. ' hki'g/ nns.Jl' 25, : -
fl 60, f2; front suite*; $S ; wt-; gaa •tftves..-;
rLEVENTH. t.OA—2- 'c&niplefeiy' ¦¦ furnished'
sunny rooms *.c- houseke^iJlhjg. . ;'• - : .'.'- , '¦ :' .-'...
tLLJS. f?l — 3 fur -lsh*i' •juT:ny-.rponi«. ¦ e'iltaljle •
for ho»#^l-«eping, «ae range, V-a-.li h.: i ph.Oe-.
toURTH. 22*— Nice »_rj;«. -furnished- rocm.for,.
! light housekeeping.; .a'.»i- sisgie rootns..'; -. '. ; t
CEARY. 408- -Three . n 1 '-fciy. '. « % urnislieii: sunny'
S rooms for housekeefing." '"':."."* '^i-.;'!-' '¦'¦¦' ?¦¦''='. I
GEARY. -S78— Two very" r''Urire'..,\fraEay. , : -bar.k.
rooms, completely furciehefd; regular kitchen;
t22 so. .' - : ¦¦¦::¦; : :--: : ;" :;-.-. ;; '. ¦-*'¦¦• ;^V ¦;
HERBERT (The) ; — Sunny apartmenti ; X of
housekeeping ; gas. ranges; \-Ju»f-;icewly :.-'.-f.uf-'.-'
nithed. - 1SS0 Poit'et. V 1 ';¦ ...;-',\';v'-;-- / -; -';:.•;:.'¦
HOWARD. 7*riV4-rNlcely. .'um'fhed • bariwla-"
Cow rulte: iiaaaha wl?e 3r .two. g'entieriSe'iv. .'..••
ilOWARL 1C»C3— 2 '"mnr f y 'connecting' ,bft>Vwinr- '
flow roo^iu conjEle'teij-.'fu-rti fiectrie. light*/..
JOfS-^Eltgaht front: BU.itej'ccrntXete .
Icr housekeejiiTiK-;; running .water; ; ;^asr ; I'hQne.'.
DAK. 117— Kocm f6r/hc^seke«pteg;';iEB».ran(p«;; :
bot bath, l8undry;'..aauitj.';53i •.;¦.":•.'.;:¦.. .v'-,':"/ ' .
rEARL. 3, «>r. : Mafke^-^3 •' '.f urnlahel - hdu.se- •
keeping rooms; . , .c.etiarate;".- -'*•*#:. "|1j-I"- oof
children. ¦:¦¦¦;; \.->- : ;.. ; v ..^ >'.:¦; ¦ J ./--. : .;-.::V -,
IT. LOBOS, ¦ TXSXh^Bvnjay turn, 'front : '.¦'rooni;'^
large kitchen ; < laundr? ; f 12^- rfo. chiidreii,.'.-. ' .j
eTOnCTON. 120fl. Model H3U«er- : Front'.rTJ6mai:'
newly furaishod, $S:.'-chone,' gas.- bj'th, : *unoy;, j
•THE Gilleeple. 119 Ninth- ri:— NJcely 'turn'sneil'.'
roam*. 1 1 50 ".o $3 per week ; '. phohV; <W|et.' -
TWENTY-TTilRD. 8T26. Jiear po'loresTr^* eii'£n>*
bay-window rooms; nice,- i.e'a't ; *co?np'lef©:'< '.»¦..
WEESTER, 66 — Elegantly -f urp. roo'nr.-j'- ipr,'2
gents., or htkpg. r^crns for" man -arid' ittte/
2 Fl.'RN. houstkpnK roomi'ln'.exchan-ge'f 1 ,!;- Vjlf'
hour*, services (house-Work). '710. De*d*adera
2 CLEAN unfurnished rocr- s laxx^' c\otfii- t»-ii
In one; wat<-r; balh: $1<! ..Box 43C2," Ckll., ;
CLAFSlFIICIi .idvertisement!!- jand ei:b»crli>ltriat '
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmo're.
A BRANCH office for Call advefti«>cm.er.ts -«»r.d
subscriptions has been estal.ls'iej'- it -*.uS?.
Valencia, rt. . •<» • *...•»
liSlL^ -T?..-VHT~!ST.° *!?;„" ° d !«»«'«"•"•.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 14S E:xth— RtA^'
£t-c to J 1 jjer n:«ht. $1 i5 to *3 per week u_id
lipht hcurekeepine roctne; open all o
AT "The Almonte," tu3 UarUef it. (qr No. 1.
Fifth ft.)— Rooms. 20c. 50c. $1, tr&O tight;
tl 60 to flO week; house cren-all nlgh'- s " .."
EURNETT. 1426 Market — (old No. . 1364pi-Fur."
r.lshed rooms, tuite. eir.ele: also.unfur'hiAhed. m
CALIF'IIINIA. l.'C3— Neuly and elegantly Vur>
jii'(=l,»-<1 suites and tingle and -housektrepir.e*"
¦ rooms; ]>hor.e. bath. . ' y .•'*":*
CALIFORNIA, 2^04— Nict-.Jy furnished roo^'e
bath; conxenicnt to cars; renfrf -aso-iable." •
CL1FFORU. Ellis, cor. Maso:i~'Elegantly",
furr.ishvd sunny rooms; prices reasonable..
ELLIF. 1&09, near Scott — Large furnish* d
room. gas. fS. • •
GEARY. B07-— Elegantly furnished suite, oft
rooms with j lano. • e ,
GEARY. ISS3— Fcr aGuHs; 4 rooms. 2 beds";
. bath, toilet; gas ai.d coal stoves.
•GP.AND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms' 50c
to $1 CO niKlit: $2 to $3 week: readlr.g-roorn."
HARRISON, 7R4 ! 4, near Fourth — Flntlyfum.,
eunny rooms; bath, al! con.; fl week v.t.. '
JACKSON. S74— Private family; Urge fur-
: r.lshed room for gentlercan or lady or twr.
C'rr.tlenien; references required. ¦ • .•
JESSIE. S.'ft— Nicely furnished front room for'
Fer.tleman; ca>. grate, phone; $7.
MISSION. 2022— A large eunny furnished roon.:
gas. ¦ .
is'EWLY furnished Ferny front bay-window.
rocm in private family $8; north of Mar-
ket gt.; references. Box Cea. Call office.
NICELY furnished rooms; gentlemen preferred
, Box *C31. Call ofSce.
OKAriRELL. 1'u— bu::r;y furnished rr^ms and
cfacet; elevator; elec. lights; day. we«k, mo.
PINE, 1000, opp. B'lla Vitta— Newly furnished
euni;y corner suite, occupying entire floor;
1'arlor. bedroom, drefsing-nxirn; rent fSO.
KOYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent lijhts
reading-room, emokine-room and ladles' jjar-
lor: rooms per night, r.uc to $1 «i; w»-ek. $2
to $!s; month, SS to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rociEi with hot and cold water, baths.
EI.'TTER, 935 — Newly furnished room; private
family.
THE FALMOUTH. Krtf»a Market rt.; furnished
room*: lict and cold water: elevator; r^r.^raj
TI"I?K. I21S— Fine large room on middle r.oor.
suitable for one cr two.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy ¦*-. near Market—
400 elngle and family rooms; 35c to fl night;
fl 75 to f6 week: elevator; electric lights;
reading-room; free bus and baggage.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d et.. near Market-
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
S5c to fl 50 nlcht; |2 to $S week: elevator;
tiec. i'.cfatg; reading-room; free bus: baggage.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmor*
A BRANCH office, for Call advertisements and
cubecrtptiona. has been established at 1096
rt. '_
ROOMS AND BOARD.
ELEGANT large eunny alcove room; also an-
other; ga*. Lath, running water: first-clas»
board: private family; no children; phone.
1124 Golden Gate avc.
ETEVENSON Mansion, SO7 California «t- — At-
, tractive end eUrhtly rooms; best table and
eervice.- lowest rates.
VAN NESS ave.. 17141 — Private boarding-house,
heme like, everything first class: sunny
suiter; ylr.cV rooms: choice locality: ref.
- "— *!
RC O *Vg W A XTED.
¦WANTET> — 2 furniehea room* and kltchea. 01
¦ small furnished cat. Sex 4025.. Call offlre.
-I.. : • " 'OCEAN TRAVEL.;'". -'->. '¦;•'•'
•f'y^icTV- '• Steamers let/e.San Fran
' * /^VJ^-^firfN: * Cisco '.is follow**:.
I Akcl- '-SVr ' KUchtkan. Wrangel
3 IQj$Z$&&. : \-A ¦ Juneau, . . Halnes. F : kagway,
r I I VSSKa i I etc. Alaska— H a. m.. Oct
I I \YaSJia/.i .H. ' ChaJ.^- " vO company's
' V»Vv \\ • steamer? at Seattle. ,
r ' <*'>L^by< - F.or Victoria. Vancouver,
t ' >dAJS»^' Port Townsend, Seattle, 1 . Ta-
[ • T . . coira, E\ jrett." Whatcom— II
; a. m;, Oc*..' j3. .Chalisre at Seattle tor this com-
f pa;»%y's steamers f oi .Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at
1, Seattle for -Tacama to N. P. 'Ry-l at Vancou-
• ver to"C. P. .'Ry. ' '•< ¦¦ ¦ o.* ? ¦ :
1 « For Eur»ka.tHumbo'Idr Bay")— Pomona. 1:30
j p. tji.. Qct. 1- tJorona. 1:30 p. m.. Oct 4. ;
i' For. Ixhi Angeles, (via .Port Tos An<reles and
, Rp.donrio), San" Diego, and- San* 1 Barbara —
Santa- Rosa, .Sundaj«, 0 a.'m». ..'•'
i State pf California. "Thufidays, 0 *a- jh.
t For ,I>os. Angeles (via Smi Peifio and East
/ Saa. Pet'.rojl Santa Barbara, -Santa Cruz. .Mon-^
, tut't'y', San S.lmeon, Cayucos, Purt Haj;ford (San
X.p.ls Obispo). • Vehtjira and - Huep-me.
, " Coos Bay; O'a..m. Beer. 30, Oct: 8.'
BoTjita,. 0 .*. m. .Oct. 4. • ¦ . ¦ •• - ••
, • For- Ens?n* o iia, Ma<dal«ni Bay. &an Jose del
,' CUtK> t 'Muzatian, Altata, -La Paz,' 'Sai«ta Ro-
• salla.- Gua;;raaa (Mex.i. 10 a. m., 7th of, each
, m6nth. ' '•¦¦•-• ,^» ?z?» •• ' . >. <"-* v
For further lnf,->rtnatfon "obtain -folder.-
*• ; RlgK. 4s reserved to' change atearrer? or sail-
ing aa'tes." . ' ' I ¦% -. -¦."..
c . TICKET OFFICES— A Nev- Montgom-
¦.¦•ry -street. (Palace Hotel),. 10 Y-intet St reet and
1 Broadway 3 wKirf. " „•• .- '.' , -¦ '. - ¦:-;.<'
. • Freight affice,. l.O.aforket -»treet. . •'
¦ "•• C. D. DUNANN; General PaSsen^er -Agent.
" • .. - 10 Market street.-. 6an F.anelscoi
'¦¦ ; O,R^;N. CO. £p
, "Columbia"" (jails S*pt. SJ.-Oct. 10.. 20, 30.
Nov.- 9, lft 20. '." "George W. , fcld' ••" sails Oct.
C. 15. 25, Kov. ,4, 14. '24. i Only s>.<;Amshlp Jine
. .to PORTLAND, OR.,* a^d short rail ilne -from
Portland Wb all .point's- East: Throiigh' "*Ickijts
;¦ to. all points, all rail 'or st«amsl..p and rail at
L*r»VKST. '£ATES., Stea-7?ei- t.V«.ets delude
• b?rth.and meals;. -'*Jt<eamer,'sa l> s 'f opt t>f Spear
" st. at 11 a', m. "S. ?""B(iOTH, <Jen. Agt Pass.
. I>ept., 1 Montgomery st. ; .J. CLIFFORD; i.3en:
Agti Frt.-'.Dept., 3 3Jontgonr>ery rS. '¦-.,. ...'-..
I • TJEV'TOIIX— S{)fc"i'IIAlJS"roX— Lr.>i)OJ». ¦ •'
i.'NeV 'York. Oct." 7.Y0 amjStt Lo'c's.O^t 21. 10
I PMIfl.. . .'Oct.; 14; VJ.an.N. York »Oct. 23. 10 *m
I* ' ;' AiTLANTJO TEAIIS.^OKT . X.I3SCE.
,-Kew "Xork-r-Xiondon ,"I>jreot.-. ?- . • .'
¦ Masaba..6ct. 10," 1> "a.T-:Mln'p\.lis..Oct. *».4 9 -am
¦ > Mn't'ka.Oet'. .17; "l,:3t^m 3Jln-ii».Ocf. m ?,i; l-:30-p'm
' '. " I Oaly. I"lrst-Mas% Passehfc«rs .Ca: -iedv ' ' :
•r * • • . * . OQIipriOIi' LINE; ,¦=>. • ¦' C--.\
4 ' • Bostou-^-Queenstown — Liverpool. "¦' .
!.Mayfl.ofver ...Oct.* 8[Nf.V Eiig'?»ud; . .Cci. 29
'. Columbu«;-f < new).Oct r 15 Mayflower, ....;. .NtiV.-S
" Con-/monwe8,lth.*,Oct. # 22IColumbui..: ...No>. 12
"i- Montreal— ;Xilverpocl — &)?on -sea, in.3sa.gt;.
*. IJomlnlon. :. . :•¦ .Oct.'. I?! Canada-. .V* ..; .Oct. "31-
So^thwark'. :•-•... iOct.- ITiSoi.'tljwark. : . . '.N'o'v'.'-' 7
,- : : Bostoa Mediterranean &»rect-
I .• A-2'OHE&-G>BIIAL-TAK— N.f PiASjM-GEXOa. =
,"! yaKco.ovef'. ,. .". •>- . .'.--. .Sal. ;Oct..lO.' Nov. 21"
1 .Cambroman •.»..•... r ..'... Sat,,. Oct. ?-l,- Tie?. 12"
i«. • . " ..' • BSD. STA», i^INE. ' : .- ' '*,
• ••!»' 19 b^ Tork — Antwerp,— ya\rl«J .'»•*• •:
'A Flhfand.OC-t.' lO.'-lO amlfcroonl'-d.Cctl 24. -10 urn-.
,i Vad'l'ai*d-Oct. / '.l7;.10.i.«m!z-.'aJafKl.Oc«.. ,1%, J'»arn
•••.'« '. '. •¦ • WHITE STAB tGIMTJ. - : *-: •— • .
, . ' New V<jrk-'-QnBenstown — jMXdrpQo'U "
,}'•'• ."• Sailing- .Wednesdays' an<i-Fri "fc'/s. ••^? >: .
; Ge'fBianic.Ocl: 7',Vi-?on|M^?syc....Oct. .14. noon'
• t'edrJc,.«.Oe.t; Si, 1 .afoijCeltic.-.'Oc*. 11. l;30ptn
b , Arnyen'n!,Pct. 13, 10;am,Oce^aic. .'At 21,. 6 "am
,5'C, Ti>.; 1VA.YLOR, -PaaAingv..' A<e'nt..' Pag'ltic
1^, *Coast f 21' Pyst Jt.,. S.ar.- Franclsc-i). '.-¦•>\ ¦
V • *• ,(QRIE> ? T3iL' S3TEA*MsiilP CO.) *• \ J'J
I" • Steamers'* will leave 'wharf,'. V.ornvV .Fim'-aiid'
I 'Brannan .s.treatR- -at".-!.' .p. «-•. Vor TOKOHAV V
,.ani! " HOXG^OXG, -cqlljngr -at" Ifdbe .VHiogo).' |
.'•Xa-rrf > «a'kl..j»nd "..Sfsinichal. .-"an*, coc meeting »>t
•I Hen(5KeinK?.with simmers- far" India, titc Iso
.cargc.* i*c«ve4 on b.o&rd c^ di?y^)f sa'^ntf. • ' : |
•S. S, JirPPON. "MAiiU.i A..-*..-,.!"...,,, •-,
-., -. . ! .*.. ,?. .. s ."..:; Thursday, ! *O.c.toB«r 15, 1903
u. 1 S..»vme*jcA; M-vitu... :.:..:.•-::;:•... ".i • .1
. '•; ..'; .:¦£>. ..'.. .J. .Tuesiay.- "N'oven-'oe'r : 10/, -19J3- !
,S. -.S.« «9XGK;dSrQ-:MARU.::.iS. t2 .-. .: . -.":•: : . ." . •",
..' ., ••*•- '. '¦'. ? ..;•¦ ¦ ¦ 1*nursday. iD.ec?m*yf ¦ ; 3.. T X»
j 1 . Vf{»i*Hoficflu!ii,--.Rou1iid-.tr:o ticket?, kt reduced' :
1 -rates. . Far frelkh't «rf : ] vassn'se atiply :at 'Ccft"T-
I pany's >>dnici?, 4;81 •Ma'rk-ef street; feraer Fi.rst'. '¦
I ,••,-.•».*• .^.^rL^-A'VEKy.,. general -Asfm. '/¦
'¦ .", •*. .':- : - "• • . : • •••• •-. ,•';¦".' ?¦'* .'¦ '.-'T 71
CO«FAPN?E CEIl!:BALE.^RAlC31TL13fTrtjaE;
bl.nEGT.MNE.TO. HAV^il-PARId. i^^ffli'
¦ • Salliiip'exerjV I'm^.-sday lji^e'ad -of <^ fTrtfi) .
Sa'HriiayV at J^-a. •inri.,.frcln.Pl5nr''t2 t .*~* s *^ p .7--
•North, Sljyeji foot tj_f«Morton'. at- .- ¦'
• -. Firat-cia'ss'to *fla^fe. $10 an.d uV* ,jf d. -.Sec--
; "6ml-x«a«s v> to. Hijvre: "S45 upwirt ¦ Ci!N%
• URj\>> AGENCY FaR-UNlTEd-^TAXtiS >.XD
: CANADAC;., 3S> Building-)."
! ftiew yor,k*.-'.J. -B. *FV r fAZI «-, CO... -Pacific .Coast
.(•Agents, 5 'Montgomery avenue San^'iivancisco.
Tickets sqJd by*. pO.'Rallr^d -Ticket Agents...
LIMITED TO CHICAGO * |
I 'Leave*, raohdays ond, Thur«day» I
- S .bt*d:'^b'a". tn.» through In 3 dny«, "j
wltK'dlner and all trapping >. \. i
|. : "•;. ' 6ther S^nta Fe Trains.: , a v .>^
'V% *' !ifof atockton, Ffesao, Bakersfield. \
' V-QQ'v' m : *l • M « ced ».** knfi ; i : d !» nd 'ViBalla. .
c o 4;06prm:lorStoc 1 ktofi.- ••' • . . - ,'i. v ;
; 8: SO p. m. J.ir.EansasCity, tj,ik&& 'Janyon and .
J:. . c^icigo; -. ; . ;." ; : ¦¦¦¦¦. .{
'" TiCKifr Osyic«: 64S. Marlet .Rt^ , anj Titty \
;'. ' Depof.- "St V.- Also TLU Broadway, Oak-
l lind..CjQ, f -• ,, .. m .. ¦ m .. • •"
CALlfORNJA KOkTHWESTEPN RY. CO.
* SAN/FRANCISCO/NCKaRTH -PACIFIC
. BAILV7AT- COMPANY.
. "TiUaron Cerry, :^oct cl Market St.
SAN FBANCXSC.O*. TO' fAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS-.7:30, 0:«0. 11:00 t.'m.; 12:33.
% 3:3,", 5:10i= 6:30 p.«m. Thurr>-days — Extra trip
_'*at 11:30 p.m. .' ¦ ¦> , .
° SatuMays — Extra' ti*ip af l.:5O and- 11 :30 p. m.
SVNDAY£^-S:00. 9:30. 11*00 a. m.; l»30, 3:30,
5:00» «:20, l'I-;30. i>. m. -. . *..; '
SAZT BiAFAEL TO SAN TSAKCXSCO.
=WEEK»DAY&r-e**iV 7 - 35 . ¦ - 50 . 0:2 °- 11:13
.a.»m.;*»l5:5C»-3:40. 5:00, 5:?/> p. v,,
'"• Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 ana 6:35 p. m.
SUNTDAYPj-.*' :K>.' » :40.. 11 :15 °a. m. ; 1 :40, 3 :40,
. -4:55. 5:05. m. — I
". *. *Leav«" j* In -Effect- * I 'Arrive
*|?an Francisco." Sept. 27. 1903. [San Francisco.
\\*eek I Sun- I '' l\«stina- ' J Sun- I Week
.•Days- I 'days. ] . tlon.-. | days. [ Days.
7:*3Cfca 8:00a r ••".." • i I 0:10a 8:40a
« . 9:30 a Ignacto. ¦ 10:40 a 10:20 a
3*3O*p 3:30 p '• . . • 1.6:05 p 6:20 p
5:l'0p 5.00 p » - , .j.7:35p
7-"0a ~> ' . . 9:10 a .8 :40 a
8-00 a • Vfovato. . 10:40 a 10:20 a
3-30 p 0tf0&' Pe.taluma 6:05 p 6:20 p
5:lftp 3™0p . . and * - 7:35 p
• 5:00 p . Sartta Rosa.
7:3<;a| •' . '¦ . - - . 10:40 a 10:20 a
.. - 8:00 a • -Fulton; 7:35 p 6:20 p
p| .3:30 p . - '
. • " * WiTuJsor; '
7:30 a 8:00 a- Healilsburff, 10:40 a 10:20 a
Lytton,
3:30r 3:30 p .Geyserville, . 7:35 p 6:2Op
"* • Cloverdale.
7-30a|8:OOa| -.Hopland-' 110:40 a|10:20 a
3 :S0pl 3:30 p| and^ Uklah.- | 7:35 pi 6:20 p
"• 7:30 a| 8:00 a| "•vnilits. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
;'i3O,! 8:00 a V " • ¦ " [10:40 a|10:20 a"
3;30pr3:y>p| Guernevllle. |7:35p|6:20p
7*30 aL 8:00 al Sonoma, 1 9;10a| 8:40 a
5:10p|'f>:00 p). Glen Ellen. [6:05p|6:2Op
7:30 al 8:00 a| 110:40 a!10:2O a
' 3:3Q,p| 3:30p| Sebastopol. ( ,7:35 pj 6:2Op
STAGES k connect at Greene Brae for San
Quentin; at Santa Rosa for White .Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altruria and Mark West
Springs;. at" Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
¦'rville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for.
the Geysers. Booneviir* ¦ and Greenwood; - at
Hopland <br Duncan Sprlnss. Highland Springs, ;
¦Kelseyville, Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga fcprings.\ Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter s?prinjcs. • Upper Lake.Pomo,
Potter W»ley. John Day's, IRiverslde, Uerly'*,
Buckaell's Sanhedrln Heights, HullvlUe, Orr*s
Hot Sm-UtKs, Halfway Houfee, Comptche, Camp
«rpvpns Hopkins, Mendocinli City, Fort Bragg.
\v>.tS?rt . Csai: at Will! A for/ Fort Brags.
w»«tDort, Siierwood. Cahtol CoveHo, Laytc n-
vilir Cummings. . Bell's Sjbrings, Harris. ; ( >i.
sen's'. Dye. GarbervIUe, IPepperwood, 5r"
Saturday to Monday rouir '•/?*- *
reduced rate*. • / /
r. On- Sunday — Round-trip t /
beyond Ean Rafael at h^
Ticket office, 650 Mar
. . ¦ Ci«o." aiacac^r--
J - atvd mother i5f Margaret J., William C. ar.d
I Thdrnas ,lj!. Hainmond.. a native < of County
Kilkenny,': Ireland aged.:61 rears, 6 months
:" and 12--iays v . ."*. 'r-i .. • ¦ .' °
HELlfeS— In .St. Helena,- Napa Countyi Sep-
tember 33; 1903. 'William H. HelmA, beloved
husband of-F-mma. Helms, -father of Mrs. M.
" Heriderso*. Wrs°. r «V. R^Tuckley', Mrs...G. P..
„ Schrc^der and J. "H., F.'X and C, A. Helms.
t and orother of this late' J:E. A- Helms, h
.p'atlve <?f Hanovt°i?, oGGT^aany, aged .65 years
. 11 mont'hi and .17 days." '. „ - . '. ; *
" ' -CJrFrlends and -.acquaintances are. respect-
fully Invited to attead the funeral to-day
• (Ttaursdiiy), at- 10:30° o'clock, .from "the fu-
- neral i>a:-lors oi the H.'.F. Maass Company^ .
. 017 Mission stre £t. Interment Cypress 'Lawn
' Cb"taetery, via electric "Car frcjm Eighteenth
and Guerrero streets' •'" • v ... ..
HUERNE— Ay anniversary" rt;qulftai high mass
• •will be celeorated; for the .re-pose of:tn<j soul I
of tlie late* L.° E. Prosper ¦ Huerr.5 at ¦ tha
t Churt-h of >fotre'Dam,e "<t e s yictolres. Bush
street, below Stockton, .Thijrsday. October h
. at "9:30 o'clock. . Frlendi -and
-acqnalnta'iices are respsctfully Invited Ho at-
. tend. '. .° .. •' .- ' . "• • ,- • ¦ :
HUW'E — In.thiB city, September 30, 19°d3, Wen-
o aeim, beloved husband of •Katherlne Huwe.
and'ofather of Gcorje W. Hu'we, cMrs.'C. A.
. • Hfppley and -Mrs.- M.o-Lv Welch, a native of
. Germany,- aged B5 years' -1 msnth and 4 days.
A member of Valley Lodge N<i 30, A. .O. U.
•W.-, and" permanfi Lodge No. .17J8, K.' of H.
: m?;FrJenda and. acqfuajntanc^s are respect-
fully Invited .to attend the funeral services
•.Friday.; October 2; 1003.. a"c 1:3.0. o'clock, at
...his late, residence. 443 Lirfden averiue, ' In-
jerment .Mount O'iivet Cetnetery.;'
•JOHNSTON— in fhl a 3 city,',September 30? 1003,
„ John, rjploved husband of Jennie Johnston,
• and father "of Mrs. p*harles Johnson ahd Fred
. R.., Alma M. and the late Mabel A. John*
. eton- a native" of : Kingston, C-atfada.- sged.CO
• years. fc •• . .. • . •". . . .
. ' tE>".Fricn<Js' end acquaintances "are respect-
• Sully, inyited to attend .the funeral se'rvlces
' Saturday, Oc f tob<£s 3, ipO3, at 14 o"clrs:k, -at
•his late residence, 42, Woodward avenue.' be-
twet-n Tteirteentli. and Fourteenth. Mission
and Valencia. sjreetsr* Interment ' Mou«nt Oli-
i vet. Cemetery. ".- ; *• • .• •; • •
.tORDAN- : In th'ia • city, 'September 20, 1003,
•Marie, fiearty belched daughter «t Mjs-.' Ciro-
nine- find, the "late 'Aususi* JordatV and "sister
: ot .August, Lillli-And S6ph'ie Jordan ahd the
' late Mrs.- Marguerite" McAiee. . '.' " ¦
¦• . IC?"Funeral -and. lhternient- 'private.' ';- "i
JUL.LIBN— In tnU city, , Sjfpj£mb«r -SO. 1903,
Julea Jullinn, bel07ed husband -of Mi's. Eml-
'. lie 'Jullien, and uncle of Mr.« and Mrs. Emlle
Glrard, Mr, and Mrs. Ph.lltpp»e Gtfard,
. : and Jules Glrard -and M1j=« Zoe Paucnori, a
native- of France, aged 64 years' 2 month?
and » days. ' . . ; ' •• . . • ,-,-. ..
• Ei?"Frie:i(J3 and "acquaintances "are r«spe*t-"
¦ fully • Invited to' atti-nd- the -funeral Friday,
• October. 2, ' J.003," at -.1 o'clock, from his late
. resls'enc-e. 1K02 Taylor street, thence to the
Fren-ch .-Church of Notre Dame des Vlccolrjs.
.' where. fi;ecvlc«j win -be held. ¦ . " • •
KstUS"— r'ri." iV.i 8 g cltyv Septerixber. 36,' 1003, So-
• o rhiv Kafen, relic*.. of -t,he -late- Louis Kahn,
•o.and-Eiothor of "Alrs..-Sojr Ushanstein and Al-
• -frftit "Kahti.'-^a . ; nafi.ve .of '. Baden, Germany,
KK*d 50 .years «%ncf 10J napnttis; \; ... •
• ° JETFr-Undsf an<I acqufriiUancflis are're^pect-
. full v invited °.to a,ttend<..The funeral • Friday.
:st 1 o'clock, ' frqtrf hev-'larte iresldence, '2843.-
. l,?n?nt .-str#eU . InVerment; 1 Hosne of Peace
" CeBieter^, " c by sp^cia-1 ,-traln frojn '.Twenty'-
fitrtvand; yalencla-'6tree : .ts" o at o'clock.''
KOSTK-R-^-lh Wtrissenbuiigr, 0 avCitzerland*.' Sepr
I temper -t», J003, Tllla -B. • Kbster,-. Beloved"
o i<iUKhter. «f John'a?. and.l!JsgV<te-B.. Koster,
ali«.°slsi-cr:o«> J..h"n. A.,.*Pred J.. Meta. CaJ-H
Henn-J>, Ine^, Harold, and th.e late Rafter E.
. "oSesjer.^dscd 27; years add.* 11 "monftis- •
K5K)G'£p k^r-lti" ttffti city.'.Sepiembir 'ty? 10»3.
%ia-.?l etrrtnfdei.. >elovea. wife of.iVHerman.
- ICviger'.^ mcrther,of- 'Egna-'tflnd EOiel* K^ogec,
„ trtsfe}- of- Ma^, . RuUier,« lfebecjjtt and; Fr*a
Kkjillmah. and daughter "of Mrs?. MolTy.Sfkl!l-
. niwi;. a; natlte.- pf -'oSan J"raj>cirfco,* akeel' U>'>
. y'ears. 10; mrSithSj "and 20-d.ajw. „. >" .',•".' •
;.•<• ICTtFrjsirndliland AqquiJJntaijces
• "funy Invited to° .aortjend tha. fnnerafc services
• at o °I:3Jj c^clsick. at Uie
. <? jno«.uary 5hj*cel.of.*the«.'.Gorde?i Gate o Undere
o ; takfn^ toompanyj a 2 > l*"5/^Mlt&fon stre^t'^ near
.- Jrwc*nty-*irist. " lntey o «ierit' • jKyferesso "takn
• Cem.-tei>,.'jbyo o ele.;^rlc fufteraUcar from" -the
• -wjirrter ot Klg;hte<;nth «nd 0 G«err6ro streets at
- £ .eVioc3c.° 0 . . .*« * • ° - "¦>. i «.-"• -
KRUECKBL— in« this 'gity. . i^pteVpber fiO,*"' 19.03,-
o Petar # F.; pfu^ckel, oteloved • HUshand -af
"• Jleitna ,K^uecke>,*-' and "farther -oil G^orjfee i-,
»•' Fred°.Ci°and Anns; L.t, Krue'clael, «.natiye.-o"f '
• Diifighel;*. Germany, «='ae'ed. ' 51-";>ea.ti9 . T5,
.'. monjhs and. 23-* a'ays-. % A. memWr' -of jErnsf.
o VoH^BanUel. I^odg^. No.' 3,"O. .d:. H.."S,j Sudr '
o"'.aeutEChc°yereln; Court" Hu.berf.us No. \$, f .'
" a: A., a-sd! t!»«? Vejreln -EJmraCht..- '•'.•"'•. '
... ° Ci?"FEjfnd8and acqyalnbin'«es ttre"'r^s»>ecl- :
. fuWJ-.lnflrejJ'tb a # ttffid jKp.fun>5r/\,l to-njorrow""
° . -.(F^taay)" at °1 -o'clock, " from his«iaie -resi-.'
j dence, .JM.1 ' Buo.>apan . street, • then.ee ?.to
"J)sylds';HaIV 413 JJiAtjV etre«t. # . whefe . -fisi 1 - "
'.vicei.will bt held under! Ihel-Ausplfes. of
• <¦ "Ernst von BtfiideC Lod5o..>*o: tf.'.O.-d. M-.-.'S., ,
0. cdhimenelnk at "2- o ! e'lqck.. ' Interment' 3 1. .O.'-
• * O. - F. e^fcefery;. '•* . . ° 3 « . . p ' • • ¦<• ¦ ¦
M<;CARTHV— In S«ni goeg;. 25T. ol"e'03..,
. af-r.0i r.e^ldedce. 'bn Vhe" Alanjeda^ n*ar' Race ,
.'/str&Pt,. John, 1 bekiyed twsband.Qf Mary -.E. '
" MeCartiiy, a natijw of GorkV.Tseland, aged'
••W):.^arw .' •• " " . „ • 0. ? • ••°-
« .r? 4 TKe'Juijeral;«rlfl,.take-jnJ8Ae fUBm St.
o "JoscVh's". Church, -jSan s 'Jose,s at',.lt. o'.cloclft '
.<¦! whwe Ta Klgii ma.=3 iwtll ."be? Held,
. • SaYSyi o c£ira Ceijietery. --. o * '*•¦'*..•¦ ° • * . °
•McEN'sVEK— In°thfe c «t>1 °Septevibsr %0- 1003.!
Of .Jfflpht*nerla, I*sther o *M-j deai-ly. .Jjelovea
' tfnughte'r cf:Pa.tiack and Maonj* McEfite**," sis-
.tar'-ot Cia\ r J, .He^n .and WiHletllcEntee '.and'
graft ridauKhtcr. of Miv, Esther. Dlllop?.-a "na-
aivt'of San* FrancfesGp, .afjfd'6 years .(Jbinont'h^ •
• 1i i nd Ci> 13 jlUjSs. •;/;* „•" o-' ' ? ¦» ¦
>JcNa3l'L-/rn° the-" City a&d . CoJnty °*Ho£pltal,
. Sfcpfemher '-SO. -I!ftj3,- JJanler M«CNell, 'a" native
. °of .AlaswichusetWi,- .-y;» d -C3 -yeffrg. ¦ °.' ° .• •
MARTIN— In (foldfcn" date. •Sepiomber*.3(H 1903;
KTiglas %, bclovj^.l son 'd\ JohrP <B." artd. An-
• -nie "Martin. 'anJ» brc«t)ier. -of I^efand B: an'd.
ilf^ry M\ Maftln; •&. nat^v of Oakland, aged
-o J, yetir and 23 Jfciyp. .„.'..'„ ° .•..'•
MASON— Irf "this ,-. cl;y, September " 3Ck" \t*Xi"
• Leatlje.J-., btlove'<£ -wife ot *Jvel P: llason,
:*fcnd rnenrher of >Jis. J. L."GeitrJ- or fnfa city
an* J.'Pt «nd >«."-JF.° Mackall o"f SajTroMento.
.» a jfif.tivV6'f<,*MI J '<soum°affo4,- 58.yevs-.andL l"
¦ /clay,-. ,.j „ •. ." . ...' # ; •• '
ilUHPHY-jrfn this- city, Kijptepiker =20, 40J«,
• J^repalah. belQved. 3 husb^nd of Mary <;AItrphy,
*, "ahjf Taliier.- of. lereniiah'" Murphy. a'r.j'and th'e
°late.Tin»*gB and'And^^ "Murpby, amative
* 5»f_ Queehs •• < bunlr/, . ir.ela.nd, J ngt£l 85 J-ears
antfjJ" Months. „ -.-•'¦> • „ * .' •
•"„ (C7!Tri% Vaneraf." \^IH .-take " place ''to-day
' (Thursday), at .S:"50-V£Ifigk, c /r^m' his late'
o °>esfdctjce, 2VJ -Ninth ,stfeet/> ihencs tq St,
. Joseph' .VChuschf.rwh'ere^a requiem hfxn mass*
° wlfl be^eleSrajte'd fjbr the Yepps,e of pW soul,
.» eom°menc*ing»at O.n'-clsik. Int.rmcHi pflvate,
; IJtfly Ctobs t'enpefery. • . •;• • °
5c6natANN-^In this "City;, RepfV^nber 21), 100::,
*: Otto, bejoved husband "of Tlllie Normann.'a
".' hatlve «f '.Berlin.' GartnAny. • aj^d 80- yearn- 8*
-.' months and 25 °daj». s *' :
J ¦ ty Friends .sTr^. LnvifW° "to attend''thc fu-
¦ewtf services a^. .1 o'clock^. *at his °late*resl-
flfertco, *01 Pine Mr&t, " trematfon;"Cyprlb*s
Qcm^tery.. Plpase < omit. flowers.«o
SIEBliRT-.-In 1 - FrulfjVale, a't {fie " Gerynan Al-
tenhcin* September iS>, r 11)03, "Fritz .Slefoqrt.
ft -native of J.)armstadt,- o Germarfy, aged S5
years 4 "mpnUuj -and. 27 da^-a>
" ' CS^Ffiends and" acqualptanpfs are ¦respe'et-
" foully. ln\ c ltpd to atten* the "funeral "te-Srvices
to-day . (Thursday)^ 9« 0 2 o'clock,, at the
" German' S;Altenhejm, c ° Fruifcvale. ° Cremation
at' \>alcland Crematoflmn. . ° • • ¦ .
'STEtVAR'E— In..niis o cUy. 30, 1003.
o ° M(»tgar«. o Stewart, dearjy- belcfvod «lster of
Mlnrtle Turner, a natw^°of * MJgsourf, -aged
.o°44°years- < )> months ancf o 22 -days. » •"
STEWAJiT— ip't^e C«y and County Hospital",
°geptttaber°:i<JP, lOtt'l, -Maggie- Stewart, eg na-
(lva'of* Missgnri) ased J47 vj»ars. '¦ ?¦ °-,Hie ; San »Francisco Bye •
Is * almost V*conStantly; Irritated by -"wind"
and -mineral-ladeii ';«dust; inflammation,*
redness.^ itching • and burning, followed by
granulated > • eyelids.; are* the* / results.
MURINlliEYE REMEDY-rives quick re
lief.^Dotsn'trsmart.; -. soothes . ey o e * pain;
makes K veaki eyes "¦ strong* * Your ; druggist
or. optician sells Murine at 5Q cents, *
'* .Falls Into* the-Hold. : ...
• ' M. " Thomas, a^ stevedore employed,
on the .sf earner «CIty 'of* Para,' now unload-*
ing.at tlfe Pacific Mall dock, fTjU inter the
•hold oftjie vessel la*st evening, sustaining
»a ppssitole fracture of ,the skull.* The in
jured man was removed to ; the Harbor.
Hospital,*? where he -now 'lies , in* a preca
rious " condition. .'pEJpgfjftSjMfl
. Elsie «E. Lee, who was . married \ fo
Francis. C- Lee in. this : city in* November,
1900.. fifed a ' suit*, f or ; support against him
yesterday. She says that, he ha's 'not pro
vided for h^r since '-August. 23 - last- ; al
though* he earns a salary of $110 t » month.'
She asks th'e coijrt to compel him , to ."pay
her $50a month *and also the costg of the
aotlon. * , *. * . -v..
P. Paiihlson against Becky r.*Pauhlson.-
Pauhltfbn was refused a : diyof ce '-¦¦ some
time. ago and. later, came: into; court and
secured a setting aside :<ft, the judgment
pn the : groyn'd that he had-* the 'necessary,
tyldenee \i prov,e'. hlmlenlitle.d to^ de
cree. # He' has never apofeared slhce,' hence
the* dismissal.' 1" . % '' ''- : '£* ' '"'/^
*: Pti5' • . Cure^-40 • years :orf the*jmarket ; arid "sttu
the;be«t for coush. aad'fiidi: 25c per bottle^
** Sues .'Husband' for* Suppbrti*. »
•\ " .. °-.: 'V • V'. .'¦ "v
Suits' for Oivo*rcer on the , ground* of f iil-
Ure to protfjde were ; cpmmenced'% yester
day by Vlolet'A. *Butler" against Quy^WC
Butter. Kate' -.- Krdeger * against ¦•'. Pred
Kriieger, and Emma" Andewibn. against
'John • F. Anderson. = I*a . each': case.; the
plaintiffs allege fhat for- . more 'than *a
.year they have .had to* depend upon-rela
tives and friends tor', Vheir support. ; *.
Desertion Is ¦thareed - in* the • complaints
filed by, George Cornelius' against MJnnle
Cornelius and Barbara - Deschler 'against
Wiliam Deschler/
Maude Amber Wilkinson, the Jeading
lady at Fischer's, Theater, wlio^ Is suing
Ira- Puerl \Tilkerson ¦ for - divorce, needs ;
the evidence of Jane' 1 Bernhard of New
York.. The actres^ secured- an order of !
court yesterday dlrjactlng a commissioner
.to take the t womain,*s' testimony. •. " *
" Divorces ' were, i granted -' to * Maria, j J.
Slmma from Joseph A. «SImma for cruelty;
May. F. Stein from 1 . C.'jM.M Stein T for
cruelty, Emil : Bearman from' JenniefBeer
man for desertion,. Wetmore" F. -Lamourf
'X * from : •Victff)rtj?.B. ' Lamoureaux for
rtlc*". ; ,, Geor/gette V ' L. v ? Godon'.' i. from
. .'. • " ion "for 'cruelty,? 1 Emellen
BM&gj *. " . x Ma 'Red on 'for infld^lit*',
s. • <rett ; from* Robert '8.
:.* . . ; •¦¦. ? •.-.•¦¦'• • •
"•¦Mrs. Jennie Whlt'e, *whos.e' suit to. set
asfide a . decree of -divorce, obtained f rom^
her, by the '-late* Jonathan '-Lloyd W.hite on"
t*he . gro*und; that It was .-' fraudulently se
curea,.'is not , e'ntitled ; to judgnrent. This
was 'determined by Judge Troutt yes"ter
'day, and he 'directed the entry of judg
ment if or the. defendant, George Gosteflo,
executor of White"*, will. * . . .
.White' *wa9 a -well-known local- mer
ckant. He was ' -, killed^ at the Baldwin
.Hotel fire. He: "eft a fortune estimated 'to'
be \worth - $100,000, j arid in his* will • he 'de
vised' it -. to : a," numjiei; ' of relatives, over
looking, entirely; Mrs-. . Jennie .White, /rom
whom r he. had* be,en;divorcetj in. 1884, and
to whom, . i t was -claimed, he was indebt
ed for • the foundation of hi.s estate.; She
brbughCsuit senie months ago to «et aside
*the* decree of *dj,vprce, claiming 1 she
knew nothing of the proceedings and tl^at
•the* dVcfee , .was "obtained while* she '.was
•in New'York', where she; clalmejd'"vyhite
¦ had -sent her /ostensibly to : estjabjish '• a
' home, .but ; rea'llj". to get ¦ rid ;of -Jjer. ,
'During .the, trial ; of . the case t hundreds .
of -letters land tejegrams". exchanged-be
tween :*her" aifd%Whlttfo wer /T lntro^ oed ln
¦jevirience. They tended ; to sftow that^Whi te
was .living a dual /ex!j'"^v; ? ; They,* did.
show that'hai sent r* 5 < : ¦,•, ¦' "¦^nessages 1
Dr % Thos. i! Janes *as returned re
sumed practice. » ."^S. * •
desertion, but utterly failed to establish
•the truth of "Mrs", white's, claim thafr she
knew nothing of the divorce -proceedings,
whilg 'plenty of eviderfce 'was. offered by •
the defendants showing .th.at' Mrs. White
' was well acquainted with the fact, that
AVhifce had sought for and obtained a sep
aration. . This ' evidence was furnished by
White's relatives, several of whom testi
fied , that they* hearJl her raeritl&n receiv
•ing. a Summons in the suit. One of
' White's brothess .said he her Sis-"
cuss.* the action and .had 'seen the .sum-*
mons. * •' •. •
Jude^e Fii^ds Mrs.- Jena'nie;
•;;-: White;- Knew of: •
.• . •'. •.••¦• pivorce: .. •••• *
ije.Grees; of Divorce*; Arq
¦""Sought' igy. ;!&hie§ :
:.' Poriorn^Wiy®^ '.
' .- " • •'¦¦'.- '"''¦ '.. ' ... •...:
. Customs' Value of -Mexican Dollar*
Secretary "of the Treasury Sharw has
notified the'Customs Department thajt'the
of the dollar for "the quar-.
ter 'jbeginjiing ' to-day, it or customs, duties
has fceen # fixed at 44.3 .rents. . The value"
duriqg the last quarter was 4li8 cents.
•Statb Cqinmiasiqn Makes -Highly '&&-.
. * cou*raging*Report* on 'Condition *oi V
?; •',•'! Local Ehianiial Instihitions, ' . *
•.- drhe *nine # *savlng8- banks o-f «San \ Frjir*
*iave .made g*afns : in.' assets, and • de
posits since •Septembert of fast.ye^r'antl
are * cons*equently >*prosperous. The -'in
crease in , deposits. Is- approsS"na*tely.$600,
.C^», aji ind+cation -oTt ; the f ro.sperlty*. of "the
people aflarge, .The Bank •Cpmmis'sio*\'s
.statemertt.of resquYces and liabUities fo.l-_
¦lows: *'. * J • ' • •.'';.• ' k« ; "
. Re8mirc>s»-*B.aiik - -premJaftsi- *$2,251,23T.73<'
•other "real -e«t»te, $n,S72/244 55 J stocks,, bonds
and jwarraatt;, $68,843,991 52'; Ioptjs Von real
estate.. *73,2fl7.*3§ 62; loijns .jo'S^cks • "and
bonds,' ffc.830,602 0$;- loans on othe^ securities,
$1800; nionay on hand. $2,481,601*42; dub from
.-bank3 arid •bankeriv $3,6«5.857 68; ' other" Asse*v
, t $280,306 58;>. total •. resdurcefl. Jl«53.503,677 05.
Llabilltfpa— C?pltal paid ..In cplri, $4,350,000; re-
! serve .fund an* profit, and loss, $6,084,577 40;
?Jue -deponltors. $151.*1?1,212 39;.«therniabllitlep,
$1,64Z,'887. 26;» total llabUltleg, $163.503 > ,677. 05.-
A Qt,*trengt*h 1» good 'printing/ Mysell-
Rolllo's, 22";Clay; know: theis business. ; # • *
GIVES JUDGMENT
AGAINST WIDOW
• "WTieH^ Mother's Siiif. . 1 1
• Jolm F. Whelm of Ji38.MasQnh* ; av.enue,
who "is' 'being- sued *for supnort* by his.
mother^ Catherine -WTielin*. In- answer to
the suit fllfeS-yesterdayr denies*' th,at he
has eyj> r -ivef used to take ca,re of.h^r. '-He
says' "that Jie has /re.qOenfly" ©ffered .to
take "her irUo .his home, .but' she *efuses
to Jeave h,er .other xhydr,en's noma at- 34
Page*'stt»eet. *tVheUh- wsays further -.tjiat. ,
jjotwfthstandlng she has ample means 6f.
hfer own, he . has *akva\'s helped* his.
brother,* .with whom # she livjes, care (oi»
her..-. ' . .*• * - .
John Sava, proprietor of an oyster .and
eanowich stand at the corner of Sixth:
and Folscm streets, brought suit yester
day for an injunction restraining thf*
Board of Public Works from removing
his place of business. He claims that as
it is over a railing leading into a baser
ment and takes up no more sidewalk
rpacc than the railing, it is not a - nuis
ance or an obstruction.
Claims Stand Is Not Obstruction.
.-"The Elixir ,o"f "Life" "4s : '-the* tltlR of the
psycholp,gical lecture '^o be. given by. IJr..
Alex J".- Mclyor-Tynd<ill at Steinway Hall
Snnd&y nigh't. : Tyndall is invariably "iri
•structlve * and-' • ihterestrnjs,** in • addi
tion.* 'to -•••whicHi there . is. * a. re*
vival ..Qf tHe long • Cherished belhef in
• the existence t)f a'"- principle *or a-'cam
pound* by which: all life Is .sustairfeo!. and
thrd.ugh .the- properties: ot -which, perpat
ual .ex.fstence is* assured. .. tyhe,ther Dr.
Mclv'or-Tyndall po*3sesse"s . • an ¦ • intimate
• knowledge- of this' s.ecret, *pr whether he
.will treat of* the* theoretical sidTj of , the
questldn,- is" .*uncerta" t in. "Thu Elixir- of
Life*' .shoultl furnish.' material fop- a* won
d*e*;fuHy fascinating' 'fund o'f- thforma'tfdn.
"In addition, to fhe lecture thepe. will" be"
a series of enjertafnihg experirifents
Ijsyclllc ma»ifestation 4 . ° .• <>*.' •
Dr. TynaaH's/'Iiicttlres...". *
•CITY'S ..SA.-^^GfS -JBAJCks ¦ . " ' .
.., • .' " . "AJliE. VERY ; PBtisPEIlO'O'S'
iVhas' b'ecn rurftorpd,' that. Jhe b'inS:' $r
"Sap .tiafa'e"l::has arlrjtnged-. t-o-" ' open its :
jlo'qrs oil Siturday'Th'bjht, "that- tKel.ladleSt"
•may : ; store ' dtecf ull mtfueytoi gs. in'
1t«.7vaUltq.'..'.. .'-.-¦ .. • -*•"•;•«.•> ¦ '',:'•<
V/Tke'groimds,*' always. beautVful* wlH-.ije.
graced. 'with lajrterns -and »efdeck*d SHtir,
Dootti*' cf many hue.3. 4'-*' e ')" e t wi n be the;.
canuy>&oth .0110? the. ice cream, disp'ens'dry,
'and th.e. grab.-.tJagvSind. children's-, tabl.e,'
a-nQ-f-thls/ is 'a '(inlet .'little-' tip's to trie Igmn-; '
.tl'em"er»— a: palmistry- booth".' Alt' is whrs
'pered 'ahibng the- .niajds. wiib, knpw that
jipme *-.icl«ver fellows- have;, already « # ea--.
gaged si*ttings r .at't"hls heaj-laBen -bower."
aj-. which • OJIrs'.. )3e.orge 'Al^h"
priesfess, -assisted) by : her/ .niany, /vostal •
virgin's, wl'll pt-e'slhi': J, ' •. *.'.* '.'*''•',
'..*A -pr.ogBamitie.-of -TnUch* excerieivce.' is'" -to*
ber rendered; under. Ihe -tt"ces'.as fqllo'wB".-^. •
6rchestr*k- :-. ! J. . . , : . .TThrougliojul; thV'afternoon"
Vo»net »61o ¦.».•:.."..".:: T. .'.-: Miss." Ethel. Outton
Vocal so.Io ."...•;.' - Mi«s' Cd.lU>-"Rujs€ll,"..-Alameda
Violin wolo" ...'.." .-:....:;:.•. -;.-•.-. Miss -J_«nc
ifecftatlon .. ........ .". : . . . \> . .'Mis* • Anna Jeamue
,°Mr. .McAdie,".the inanL has...b.eer£
. se«+n .and hchis yromisod" to • as3ist .the
•wDrt^iy/ affair " byl" .providrng- '""suitabl;e.
. weather. * \VVbt. witTl gbod; rftusic.-churm* ¦
iftg maids,' nappy. '.-children, isjfeen . treeg,
, blue sky. * cotiircJ:^nQrta_l- . ri^an ..cfaVa more-?
•3Vnd.all.lor jtwenly -five cents.- That is the.
admission .pjice, but* of course; tii^c 6 will,
be'bo.oths on the -^roumisV.-at -vvjiioh "apy.
kind'iman" may--*rea.v*e - an" e5ttr"ar- quarter,
if really w^shes. : to,' ahd° it. aU ?t>es XA
Jhfe orphansi * ; * •*.• . * ¦'••¦ \'; m ', •' .'"
. Tne" "g'enjeral manageme'ni of* t4ie affair
.Ig m ehjeyg.e of ! Mrs.* PV-D/*.Brown," M?s;
"Mrs. Walter 8.- MarMn and Mrs. Hurtorj.
Ha.rrisori.ko East! to-'day; Mrs. Mai»tin
will. b*e eHtertalned. by *the J»eter Martins"
,wiio Have' leased 1 ' the Cadwalader cottage
8* Newport '.far. .'.anpther 'season*. : . •
*¦.*!.*¦ '\' ..'• "•*.,••" " **.-¦•' f
." mW/ StuyVesanjl Fish, of New York, wlfj
a/rlve'ln San'^Francisco on Friday".
JojinDollar; Mrs. -Lj'A, Kelley, Mrs. J.'^
W.WSbstef.Mrs. H: £. -Hideout, anHithey?
w4il- 'b-4 acs"sisjted.-by;°Wiss'D.'v: SmUlj,.JkHss-
Jessie v F-irjmore..ari'd Mrss IlaQtaScotC".
' The' ;bdoths will, "be lboked ; after by th^f.
fonowtag .hajtned:; • . .. - % ' •.'.-• /¦
..0 ; arjdy'-.-M.fsB" -I«... Fredericks,. Miss ' Ma&cl"
Ounh, * Mlsd Dole. Wen^berrerr Miss Eleatior
\\^mer.' Miss- Jeps-Ie Fill more. Miss Susie Me-"
Xat>. Miss Blanche I^wln^lle.. MRis •'TJiayer and".
Mfas yVebst'el; of' San Rafael- : *¦**-'•-'"
¦ prrferg^icy . Clul^-.Mr8. H. ' V, -King. MIsS".
I>{Uham, Misses -Ru'tTi Oedney,. Helen "Wright,"
Florence -;L«,thara, antl Mlsnf Stewart! • -. -. "
.Perfume and .- handkerchiefs. 1 — Mi^s "J.Iabtel
Webster -arfd "kiefs May Doha^ pf .San Rataoi: • .
.'Kruit and tlovers-r-Mrs.- Jalm Keck: "Miss
Amy Gunnanfl Mis. David Duncan. •.» *,
."Scotch: bootK-rMrs* John Rjeld, a'sststed .by
yoifns .la'dfe*.- ' '. . • .•«•". • . •» • *
. ; IfV"trea*m T -Mra.-"W. i L." Jones, assisted . by
ypunr. fad^es. o *-' ? . • "* " . * •
'.•Grab-bas .andi children' e. table — Mrs. L. Mc
talne.'Mrff. «J. Tf. \yeT3ster and MJstj Florence.
Grpcker.- *' •' f " ". . .
•Tea; and eahe-r-Mrs. J. M, "W%b/(ter, San Ka
f'ael. and^Mrs." 'William Barr.-'. ,."-..! • '.
* The .progmmme cpmmltteet is Composed, '"ot
Mtss Jermle.PartrMge'pnd.Krs. -J3alton! •* ... J-.
" Mrs.* John D*:' Spr'eokeis. arid Her "daugh-.
texs* Lilfle and ! .Gfac.e, Jeav'e- f or the.'EJast
to-day. They 'will *f emain away 'for' sev- .
eral : neekq, ¦ .-•-. ° . • • ' *' • ,. •
SAY HUSBANDS
NEGLECT THEM
¦•.*'." 'theni,' arid "the" littler .onrHaifs": at
the-'Prcsbyte'rfa'n " HiWe* *at-°Sah 'An^clrao
are at*the.bbtt«m.6'f K air, fbf ota S^lur"
day •afternoon"' there will be the -merriest
• kind qf a time at ' the . -beautiful home, of
"Mrs. Kent o"f * Keptfleij*?. -betweenV Ross.
Valler.and Laj-kspur." If ere Inch's shad-,
owy garden ..qf th.e gods"/ under* tlie .whis
pering leaveif, stores -of lovely.m.aids and
matrons wi|.l h"olO high" cai*rtival, ©yep 'as
in. the forest 6t Afdftn-^nd the" sweetest,"
noblest, .best tiling 'alJcw*- it is^-thgft. it. is
all for eharlty# and" /or -the swe4test"and
best type Qf charitx— ,f Qr liUle. orphass,
wh'»i for .the! 'tender 'solicitude, .of
.these. maids arid ."matronst would be wan-*
.defers, adritt in this "big *wor)d-. ,Ar^ wh«
knqws— but h^.-whb knows - a#. things-^
what«yll paths lle'o*P j enj,to.tM.llftle chA^s
now- safe fti the* .Home : were *help -not
forthcoming and" 'Us. doors;- 'closed * to -tjie
•deserving? .But .>'itji tb,e llmltlef s enf r-*.
gies of the • wqm'eh"^ In charge^ and the
chivalrous f esponse' "from . 'the.* men -"ine,
dear men— there .*is oio . possibility ; oC even .
a shadow darkening the r ' of, *the
trjeartirer when .she counts jher^shek^els— *
and reads h'er jchecks-*7on'Satucda-/.srtght. (i
Z m : ' Under thy. gre«nwoo3"tjee ¦ "•:• •* " ;'
". •.* ]Wh"o io'vf* £</ l:f vith aftej '* ;• "• - ;' • "
¦.".- And-tarn"ni» m.srry nqte- •" •: : 1"-:
' Jo .Unto thc'-iwecf-birS'iIthreat; .":;•..•'.•"
• _ '. Cq-nc h'th-/, : come-6ithcr, esmi^th:ti '¦ ".
•jH^rV* TRL^'DS'qf* merry-: maidens' are
P^ll -^n-jing '" Alien's ¦• ' re-fraln^-arid
•/¦• .VI 'scoi;es of! inen.'meHTjv; grave .-and,
A-. ii otherwise, -arc- hiax^ening 1 unto
A pltEn«5 recitaf with the aid, of the >n
gelus piano player will be 'given f on au
5 urday. a5ternoon»at , Steinway Hall a (2
o T clock- Percy Van Tont wjll preside at
the- piano with the aid of the Anff?Ius. ifii
Mrs.»L. Snider Johnson, the soirano, xflll
be - ttoe.so'loist- v£ • the : occasion. ;
• • . • • , mifin '
, The- Orpheum bill this week is tfoacedert
to be equal to the. very best that j have
been presented ".at the Vouse of Jollities.
•*The spectacular, novelty,". "In- Paris,"
Myles McCarthy, and Mi?s Aida Wolcot,"
Iheffreat Alexius, t*arlton and Terra and
dthefs on the programme keep the fu*
going at a merry pace. * '-I
• - • •. • ¦„
• Hoyt's "A Temperance Town," which fa
deMghting* big aijdienccs -at Jibe . Central
Theater* this wef'k.- Is adding additional
popularity to Its long record of successf uf
presentations. K R- is als*
winning golden^P* 1 - 1 ! 0 * 13 for' the
of his work in Hoyfs funny play. /
• * - * * * . / ;
Larkins.and Patterson, ths clever c 1
ored couple, .arKl.a combination of hi? n
class speciilty people are entertain: lg
large aikllence.s at. the Chutes every s't
.ernoon" and evening. Tho amateurs * ill
appear after the regular performance o
•nlghtJ "The entertainment will concl de
with. a new series of living pictures.
*nee.* • .".
•'* ' .':. * "• * •- *•
" "A .Texas Stees'.' ;at [ the California*
Th.&ater has^DrOveEtto-Wone of the nota
,.blt3 *succes'sea**6f .-the present season.
Klgbtly the house has been .crowded to Its,
'capacity* and Milt" Barlow's impersona
tion of th*e**MlniSter ta Dahontey *del!gh'ts
and amuses tlfe audience. West's Min
•strels «Jome to .*the California -Sunday
night." .-.:' '¦¦ ,•"-... .1.
.... . -.. .«.**, • - . y i.
.*' Fischer's Theater -Is being still crowded
"nighlly 6j r . admirers of- the mirth-proA'dk
ing Jjurleaques^ ."The- Glad Hand*' ajjd
."The." Cofircurers." • Th'e management ta
•busy preparing tor # "l*h"i Pa"raders," which
• Is to *be presented next Monday night for
the" first .time, in San. Francisco by Ihe
whole, of fh*e Fftdi'er* star burlesque cora
*' &ny - \\- '.> t.. ': '. ; : | .
"Jhe Pi^nce; o : f, -Pilsen" i» far 'fts last
.week £t.*the Columbia The*ater, and* Tvleri
the VPrfnce" "takes .his -leave • Sunday
nigtit.Jh.e,£tag$.,'yill .be, put jn readiness
for"."Florpdora,'" which! beging an en
gagenareiit.next Monday evening. " \ |
" •' .* .••.•.*•¦ * ' • • I.
Miss*. Florence Roberts will give her.tast
•matinee pt IV'Annunzio's "Gjoconofa"| t'o
day Jit the Alcazar Theater and the .exen
:inas dudrfg th*« week wjil be devoted by
MiSa Roberts to her production of "Zaza."
This -is th'e -last week but one of Jliss
Roberts'- season at the. Alcazar. • j.
*.*.•• • - ' J "
To-nlg"ht and m Sunday night and at the
Saturday matinee tne lovers of Biet's
•beautiful opera "Carmen" .will hav<3 an
"bportunity. of «njoyfng its interpretation
at the Tfvoli .^Op.era-house; wVere; the
Italian Opera "Company has becoita* a
standard" favorite with Sari Frandsco's
music lovers. To-morrow and 'Satirday
high^s -Rossini's comic opera, "The'jBar
ber t>f «^Seville'," will • bd repeated, trhile
next week will be divided btatween "La
Boheme'.* a c nd."OteMo." '-.*:.
' Jam'es ••Neill 6t .."A Gentleman of
France'.' M the Grand *Opera-ttouse has
.caught "th«*fancy*.of. the followers of. the
*r*oman"tlc*and- heroip drama. Every'.per
•formance .of the.powerfyl ptey has-been
rewarded "."with a. big attendance" apd
Neill's and; the.Bupporting.compan.y'3*act
tag j"s re'celved nightly •¦^ith tumujtuoua
'applause. *. *"Und«r • Twb Flags'* Tdll b«
•presented, by tfejll at* next "Sunday maM-
'MISS JBiSSI^lKltiMOREo.^ND.tjTtHEfB, CHAftltllCG-T-OUNG' Wi)MEI< : 5VHO /WIBL ; LE>J*D..;THEIR' Ajp, TO' ?IAKE
;•'.; . -T-HE-GA^DHN F'ETE.'aT;- JKE'KT. i IT OF. TMfil. ORPHANS OF 'THE PRESBYTERJAJST HOME
" v i: ; at- sax' ansecm6 :;..'•• •"•v";. •/.-•::•¦ ¦'-.¦ •• .';- v . r •• j \ •- '. •?':. ?.' •• =• °. : : • • ••:•¦ '•. •• :': "
A further hearing was given yej-terday
of ihe BUit of F. J. Drake and B.^F-'Fer-?
uer for a permanent Injunction restrain-*";
Ing Chief of Police Wittman from" injer-"
*f«ring with their leased property, J the\
Hotel Nymphia. Ferner was the c'hly.
v. knees examined, and the case was con.
tinued until to-day. He testified that'Cbe*
Jfymphia consisted of 112 suites of room's
and that he rented them to whoever was!
willing to pay $3 a day. He did not;in 7
vestigate, he said, the character of his
tenants or make any inquiries Into the
uses they put the rooms to. He also tes.
tlCed that he was the agent of 8.- P.
Blumenberg, the real owner of the lease
of the property. g- . "
Fcnxer Defends His Hotel.;
5* Abekas -Sterer" .ProVe&
of Successes pf ;
' ': :. '-.-•' ''¦ the*' Year. • /. : :' •
iiiiiii
Charge" Against Ireonafcf."°Gross.cup r
¦ ¦ • • "Willlajn' Har kin's and JoHn ' \ . " '
. . •• . # . " ' L^iich« Dismissed. *. . ' •• ';•
.* The charge of. robbery "against Letmard.
Grossc.up, "William Ha*rJsXns* -and John
. Lynch... gVassw,ockers, was dismissed."' by
folice . Ju"dge" ! FEitz yjestfer.day*. '-The Ju'dge'
said he. did not -blame t'fife police for mak
ing the" arrests, but h.fe blamed rthV'cora-.
.plaining witness, S H.* F.' P'lothow, • a- ma
chinist- living at 709 .Shot^reil. street, -.^or.
preferring strch= a.cfiarge.again'st three In
¦ndcenl' ia&x\. " •' •""•.. '• .* • :
.. Plottiow'alfegea ;that -he T*;enf lht* "En
jgel'/i" *8.aloon, .*1892." Fplspm; . jftreet,; early
Sunday mo/ning 'And, met the- three de-:
f-endarfts , They tiad -several r drinks to
gether" and" after they left the saloon he"
was krfqcked.down .and -robtded dt his* gold
"watch and. 'chain. . . "' '.'¦'."
The. testiraqny showied that .JPlpthdw
insulted the .three defendants in. tlie "-sa
lo'on an'd when" fhey.gbt^ o.t/tslde" a" figljt
6'tarted.* The gold watch" arid' cfiaih were
fqund near, tiie.stfene- p'f fhe flgrit by-W.
it. Pu.rdy; -a*, teamster," wno. topk* the ar
ticles'to'-the Soytherri'.police station. -*..
ACCUSED. .INNOC.EJTT.MEjir:' • • : .
- • . ..'.CJF iCRIME' OF RO^BERY
According to United St£te.s : •'jtahshal;
Ehine and District Attorney-'Wdodworth',
all of the conspirators have*been -aircstT
*d and no more are implicated in thVsub
btitution. Dasha. Dempsey find Burnett
were before the Federal Grand. J-irs yes
terday, together with the six substituted.
<^5ainese. It is thought a repc-*^-: wiir.be.
raade by this»body on Friday. •-.-*- .' •"' .
!>• L4m. one of the &hlne«?.*accused* of- .
complicity In the" Chi;tet5e t
scandal and for «-J]oi-a" the.Federai offi
cials hav« been Iookifig -ever Bincts, United.'
States Deputy Marshal WV P. Gamble ,
confessed to the crime," surreilftere'd him-'
*elf j-esterday to Unite^ States. Marshal.
ShJn«*. He was taken once* 'before
UnijjM Suites Commissioner Heacock. and"
atfp/tted to bail in the"; rum* of $5G0{|,"
y-rilch was furnished by* a suretyocom- .
•>an>\ / V. ..-. ,-,_'
Lee LJm is a cigar manufacturer, own.:
in/r two factories in Chinatown. * 'Whea .
Gamble's confession was published exclu-'J
eively in The Call; he took flight anrfv
headed for the Mexican border. He" gcxt
as far as Tucson, Ariz., and went* into
hiding tliere. Secret Service Agenf W» J.
Burns was hot on his trail, and" further J.
to facilitate Ills capture he .secured the j
?co-operation of the Internal rev.enue offi-'-i
r«r . who closed up the cigar factories j
in' the absence of their proprietor. • The j
Government reserves the right to* close
dittil>rjes and cigar factories unless they #
«.re personally conducted by the owner. "•!
Lee Lim's employes were told that c tfil- |
lets ihe owner returned and took -%harse V
of the factories the revenue officer's would
refuse to issue them further stamps .an* e
•Would confiscate the manufactured. st6ck..j
Threatened with this loss, '•¦th4 'fugitive; I
Chinese determined to give himself up. .
and through bis attorney, T.. C. ; ". 'West,* ,•
made arrangements to eurrender " to-diy*. ¦
But the wily Oriental Tiad a card "jjp his' ¦
rleeve. He had no stomach for., an 'hi T
quisitorial seagirn with Secret ..Servjjce*
Agent Burns, who has had such" . remark-"
,^l»!e success in forcing confessions, from,
all those implicated in the scajjdal." • ". ;".
In order to forestall this . he : Turned .up^ .
•with his attornej- one day ahead ' of _t*i.nle.= "':
Burns was not expecting him ' to. '.appear '_
and wa« engaged in some other*, work. . .'
Efforts were made to loca te.sithe secret 2
eenice operator by telephone, bu* h'e.<*pul*d '
not be found. Lee and his . attorney ."-inr...
siEted on an immediate release •¦ bn .baJj. 'ji
and this could not be refused- XhuB".<Hd; \
Lee Lim escape the "thirtj -th^rd/degrefe'VI
sweating process at the hand Sf. BUrns/:^.- ;
Lee Lim is the fifth Chinese* arres-r-fjOrf..-'
connection with the substitution o'f-.oia' •
Chinese residents of this* countr>\' -for';;
young men ordered deportetl '£o •th'elr;|naj='Y.
tivc country'. The other f ovp.- are :flom- y
Toon. Wong Tin, Jue M aijd'Tom.'/^ungV-i
_ All cf them are out on bpnen except; jibm
Yoiivr-*n<l "U'ong Tin. Thr«;-deputysglrer-.i
iffB. La^ia, Dempsey arKf/Burrte'tt,-; for-;/
merly emprojed »t the Couja'ty_*^aih : are-.'f
also out on bonda for .cbSjftliqHy^in-.ihef'/.'
sanie crimes. W. P. Gamb!<».-whp : '.w.as a-. .;
TCoited States Deputy Marshsil a^.the iiirie. '..
the scandal wa^ disclosed,. Ji^UedAhiMse.fi! ._-¦
a/ter making a confession.- <-*!'. ";•",."' "¦-•¦'.¦*¦¦..¦;
.' .Tw» men entered .the grocery of Ber
nou &' Rambatid, corner 'of .Bush, and
Stockton/streets-, shortly before ii "o'clock
; on TuesSajr .night. BerHifu was- In", the
store", and one m *o£ the men, 'who wore, a
mask, presented, a "revdlyer-'at his head
and "orde'red -him" to. throw up. Jils .hands.
"Bernou called to -his -partner, Hamba'ud, j
who' was. -in the ofQce, to come Jo. his as r |
sistance t a"nd -"ftalnbaud. yMle'd for . help, j,
.The ,'robb.era became frightened-, and ran ;
away witho.ut sre.ttihgr anything. .. ••' ; ;
'The • police /were • notified pf the j at
temp.ted robbery-and an accurate" descrip-.
.tion of th« «ieh was. given. Shqrtfy after
midnlghf PoUcen\en Conjnor .and Larkin 1
sa.w.-a rtian 'answering;- ttie "descrlntlan* of -|
one of tlie J men at the btfr of j
th- e "Ahlborn HateV, on Gr;ant avenue, and :
they, placed hjm- under arrest..- Hf was*!
taken 'to the; .Central police . statjkm andj
iJfeutenant • Burpett ordered .him locked':
up in the "tanks" pendfng .develapm^nts.'j
•He gaVe the name -of .l»Uis N.. Bellamy, j
-Later.' he. wa's- packed" qut. by Bernou -at"
•the City" Prison as. one of the robbers.*. i
Later two other men.- A- G. JfQttingharti !
ahd.-G. W\ -Adams, were arrested op Pine
street on suspicion. bufS.ern'ou. failed to
identify aither of them, '. • . '
Be*llamy;isNin ex-convict. . He was sen
tenced to eighteen- onoriths". in Sap Q.uen-.
tlrt in." Bece'mbor', 1895. His offense was j
. buTglary In • the' .second degree . "in.* . San" i
feerjiardino CjJunty. . He* "was* dischargea
op "March 2,189T,'and reijtored to cifizen-;
ship. On Janu'afy"' 31", J9Qi. he -waS. sen
tenced to 'two years iri Folsom neiiiten
.traFy f o'r assault to musiTer in • Sari Ber- j
tnawll'no '. County aijd waa discharged .last
•Monday." .•••"- .¦•'••*¦.*••
- Fred C.Boden of,131.Secdnd 6tree't caljed
.at Ihe Pall Qf Justice. las.t evening "and
stated to. the .'defectives that..he» had pur
sued- the" three •men down Sutter 'street
.after tlie.«.ttejrip,te4 robtrery and only de,
*Blsted.when tHrcatene'd wtth ah ugly lQok-
Ing revolver, in .the Hands". of .one "of the
-member's* of the . trjo.' . Bbden .stated 't!h'a£
•h« .was" walking dbwn»"Sutter;stVe'et to
ward Grant *a^£nue, .when he heard crjfs
"of ¦•"Stop'.thiejC" and saw thfee'flnen run- ;
.nfng" d»wn° that th'oro«ighfare. :ii^ im'me-^
jdiateiy*ta rte<i iA. pursuit, bfowinga pollcfji
•wTilstle-as he rauf^- UntiV one of .the" fel
lows .e^'ciaimfid "'Give it to .film:* 'and anw
"other pointed a revolver at* hip*. tie>was
Vunder thia Impression, thk^t the ' : men« were
three hoodlums : who . had/ assaulted 3 a
Chinese". -'When the gnn'.*ra£ pointed". *ih
his jdirect'ieh* he: cbnsicTere.d iV'foolha.rdyi
to"sontiriue* o tKe-pursutt" s When shqwp the i
•men In .custody last nfeht Ke .declared tha"t j
• they w.efe ; -not the men, und gav'e it" as his |
opinion that 'tie, could recognize. thi-o "jeali
culprits." ¦'.•"• ".*: .;.-.• • *•• ' '•¦ .'
Officials Declare Ev.eri' Ofie.
. Implicated in ?lot:fia§;
Been Captu.r6d;V. •:•?.•, ••'
.proprietors ...Yell* for. Help'
' * . ajid- the" • footpads : .
. i, :. •. Run" Away. •* • .. • j.
Lee Lim, Wanted in Sub
stitution Cases,;;' ;.;..
Surrendera f : ';:
Ttvo. Men • With • R.evol-
• vex»s ' Enter • Bush
.' v Street Store. ••
Malds'anxi; Mdtrons^\WJir Hold c H;igJi o G^rr^v^^UI^er "Trees,. Where
<"U Beautiful; Booths .WilU.-Be/lJ^ for
;" /.the -.Gathering in-, of. Needed; c far the" Littfe ?Ghildreh
CONSPIRATORS
ALL IN CUTODY
ATTEMPT TO ROB
GROCERY FIRM
GARDEN FETE WILL BE HELD AT KENT
FOR ORPHANS OF PRESBYTERIAN HOME
. ;THE..Sjyy FBAyciSCO 'CALIiV. TgX^BSDJ:^, OCTOBER; J[, 1903.
16
*• • TTAT.F.'S. • / . - | TTAT.-F.>st '
• ' ." • •' ¦ »A. s-tir : up in the Art Section. mm
Pillow Cords and Tassels.
... 1 9p-rrthe n$%v price 'this morning.
' • • They are- long and heavy -vvith extra g6pd .tassels' on the ends.
Mercerized so'well they look; like silk.* You' have. paid:. 39c for
them.- Htre .are about 1 060 to-day at . 1 9c. ..•••." : ' . • ;.
. * ; - : . 4^'c/an.d 50c Pillow. Jpps at 1.9c. ,':-,' - : f
" They, ar-e *our;own'good stock. * Yoa might expect*- a bargain" lijie this
after holidays, .but seldorn is there an opportunity -to .pay -such' a li.ttle
price'at the height'of. -the- season* Several .styles.; 1 .\Ve put" them"" oti ,a
bargain table on the main floor. •. " •. "'.;*"•*-. '.• ".*.>• ' ,-' . *' '
:"-' SIL*K . FLOSS "PILLOWS-— Some rfeiv ones.; we .just got- are 'out .
to-ddy-." Thfey- are- well filled ' 6 size's..."',. •. ' • • -.•-.- -.¦ • .."* * ••'.•*„. • ?
. -. :•. "-.•¦¦ 15c-46-ln, ones. *¦ .. . ; ' STc— E-lri" -ones. . . "^ \" '.'¦'¦¦. • " ?,
• •.•••• . •' * 20c— 18 -In. ones. . . : •; . .,4Cc— 24-in».ohe-!.' : - '¦':'" '•:•.:'. •
. *.'. " ; 28fr-20-Ixj..ones, ¦' ." • .. . " 49<r— 26-ln... dnes. •*¦ " V .".;i.". ! " . • '• "
.;: :.;;"'. 9liance T6-bay -to I : i3uy. : :;•/;;: ¦¦'^;Kf
m0MM&w : Winter • ; \^I^Jp
'; .. "'*. '*. ••* !' '['-'And pay zvhat ittttst. 'tp-.iiiakc- if,-*- .' V- .v..-: 1 '-. •'••• •' ; *
.¦-.Sanipie?—^.that's'. the' story;* .. •*., :.\'\\ ¦¦':'. • - : v ' : v : ••:•••• "• -V •**•'
• • . The reason's. prettiest styles in Ok'ford< bfilliantinesV piques,';.
flannels-,- sateens* # ladies'- cloths; whiter and colors, •' v : . :<V/. - m
.V Some.bf them, have .beautifully erabfoid^recl -fronts/ some* 'of .
.them large pearl, buttons, 'Nqfrmore than hvo of a kirrH. But; oh,
.sp marfy-jcinds. Those who <hoos*e first .wilf certainly get the pret- „
: £iestj They co'rrie fn fhe best sizes, 34*s. 36*s and 38 : s.. 75c, $1.00;
>i.25,.$-i*.5o,J$i,75,.$i.95, S3.25. ' .
..Fancy.: LVress Flannels Table Linens 40c Yard.
9/^ (±t\'4-iZ " P UT £ w^ite cloth, 60 inches wide.
VC M l ? •• One* that we" couldn't srll regularly
'12"¥>Cand l^CqnaJittCS. • ' «n der 5oc; but -we found a. snap the
• : THis sc«oh's '.popular : dc(th>fof other day and we" .pass it on.to'you.
•waists; s?tcques*. and. .wrapp'ers, in " . • ~ T: ~ '
:white Vonnd^,- witK yarious'<ol- * 2qC Turkish Towels 17^(C
ored . stripes. Materials we -have tu 1 -u \i \. j
•been-scllih-g *t. l2Hc s arfd. i' 5 c- are v, Those |arg«s heavy unbleached
out for fhe "first iime-fhis .mSrping ?" e? . 6^" have bee ? scl ! jns at ' 33C
: at. orfe- yice-^c yd.- . ' .- ; . 5«J &&£& go t. Soo'bf them at
i .i-Tarchon La^s-5o' r - ¦ l z^ s^' : H r -ma ? y ?u
..'.*. revalues up.to 12^c.) : • , : . ¦¦ — ' ' "
. ' iioo yds. of. these, cottoft : T«r-; Night Lamps and Shades
crron laces are on.»sare this, morn-- .¦- .. • - . . ° , , •.-•.. .
ing.< l They are in o " a - c . variety, of 5 'Uo on a bargain- table, mam
strong,- .serviceable patterns, 2 to ; floor to-'tl^y.* •' * '..••''
' &A "inches' wide. "'..Insertions. >rc* ' *. ' • 1. \ • '• ... , ' '¦ • •'
'iQ to. 2 ; inch/. Nft-mafter if'soine \K J2f "^ } zm V*,™}\ be S^J* 1 ?**
of .tjiem are .worth* 12^g; sorrle of 9 -' * g. las , s '.' wlt . h . rcd
them art *ioc, bu^ alf of" them are* g °"* „•„•,. ,* • • "-„ .• ,J\ Vi. "
*c this rabrnine'.r •• ¦- •"¦ •• ?5c njgkt lamps will be 55c: The
Sc.tmsmornyg. . . . • :/. . ru b r . ones, -tulip shape, ' complete
•'. * ' '*>' r MXT ' fWt' * ' ' "'•'¦ . w -*h.red globe,. *. -V
j&£j%&fcJw/,^ J 7fffl *mJ&,Js=? ' rass • -light lamps, s's^'.- neatly
Jurf iSf*^* — ». - . » ¦ sljade; red.. pink, green. and lemon.
. -^^fl^O€K> oooqSl*^:- '.¦•.¦•,".. Canaic-hplder," 35c; 'With Ja brass
'..'' .; . . .* • . ' .'¦• . V* or colored "candle-'shade holder an J d
Market Street; Near lyixth •' ru-atly made • shade: * all complete.
. . ... . ArVEBTTREWTNTS.
i . - -i -i - 1 i-i-i_i
C! iOX AT.
IAre Used and endorsed b'y
the following ' • .-.
-SCHOOLS AND CONVENTS:'.
I Sacred Heart Presentation CoV
U vent. . . . .••
fcj Holy Name • " '
ii St. Vincent's '.-'*-!
fl Dominican Convent
I ] Dominican Convent (San Rafael) <
l! St. Gertrude's Academy
|| SL Agnes' Church
| Sacred Heart Church
If St Teresa's Church
f| St. Rose's Academy
H St Mary's Convent School
l| * Convent of Holy Cross (Fresno)
J* and many others.
1 BENJ. GURTAZ & SON
P 16 OT ARRELL ST. "
y Brooches— Sary Jose. Fresno. fi\ a--
Q * rr.eda, Palo Alto.
Mcllin's Pood and Milk is an
ideal combination and: will
nourish and strengt^ " Jm . '/ •
baby and make him jff
* 39 STOCKTON STKE2T,
Telaphoae Main 5522.
"We are fully prepared to fill all your
wants In our line aa tho winter season
approaches, with Its added entertainments
'.and "festivities. . ,-. > •
Thursday, Friday and Saturday Specials
Creamery Butter, ijer sq 40c
.' Tpu can' always depend upon the quality.
Hez- -13c.
Fancy Minnesota Eggs, per doz.. 30c
.Another shipment Just In.
•Cranberries, per qt 12.1c
*The flnst of the season.
Basket Fired Japan Tea, per Ib . . 40c
• A Tea that cups well. Reg. 60c.
Bldwall'sCiderYinegar, bat 10c; gal 30c
Why use cheap acid stuff? Reg. 15c and
35c. Uea the pure goods.
Salmon TKHiUeach I5c
Tickles tho breakfast appetite. Reg. 25c.
Hamamelis, per pt bot 20c; qt 35c
••- , (Witch Hazel.)
It heals hurts always. Reg. 25c, 40c.
Door Mats, special 45c, 60c, 70c, 85c
. Reg. 60c. 75c. S5c. ll.CO.
Mason Fruit Jars
Pts. Qta. V, nal.
Specisl c 4.*>c r»."»p KOe
Regularly 50c tiOo S5c
> Ctiickei? Cock Bourbon, bot 75c; gai $3
Quality never changes. Reg. $1.00, $-1.00.
Hermitage Rye, par bot 90c
• Reg. $1.25.
- The last of a rery old stock. '
Scotch .Whisky, per bot .90c
•_ 'McAllister Distillery. R*«- $1.23.
Claret, pat gal 40c
STot bow cheap, but how good. Tteg. 50c.
•*¦ - ¦¦- -¦ — -- ¦ -
e I ¦ " **¦ i.i.
Ltindstrom
Hats
Are sold for what they are
worth. One hunclted cents'
worth fnr one dollar. Xo in-
' flation for maker's name nor
added Jobbers' or middleman's
profits. One profit only— the
makers.
That's why they're the BEST
. « hats at the price—
J $2.50 and $3.50
We've a large variety of styles
in both conservative and fancy
shapes.
Every hat guaranteed.
Pacific Coast Hat
Works,
"The Big Busy Hat Shop."
1458 Market Street,
Directly opposite Central Thea-
ter and 605 Kearny St.
f GIVES /£*N
superior y ft
) FYF /-Mr
ULASS t^J
Service at Moderate Gat. X )
Quick Repairing. *^J
Factory on Premises. , 4