Cotton Prepares to
Land Marines
at Beirut
SQUADRON'S
MEW READY
FOR ACTION
NATIVE SONS AND FAIR DAUGHTERS OF GOLDEN CALIFORNIA
CELEBRATE ANNIVERSARY OF HER ADMISSION INTO THE UNION
PRIOB FIVE—OBNTS.
VOIiTJME XCIV— NO. 102.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1903.
fathers do ! approvingly upon their r chil
dren. ¦ ' v
The parade' marked the real - beginning
Continued on Page 1, Column 3.
Continued on Page 2, Column 6.
Continued ' on Page 2, Column 1 . .
SANTA BARBARA. Sept. 9.— All the
sheep shearers and laborers in the em
ploy of Vail & Vlckers, the owners of
Santa Rosa Island, went on strike this
morning for higher wages and better
food. The latter demand Is said to be the
ground for the "greatest compalint. The
men took possession of the company's
boat and came to Santa Barbara when
the superintendent refused to accede to
their demands."
Island Laborers Strike.
TEXAS CHILD SWALLOWS
TOY MONKEY WBENCH
ware Official.
OYSTER BAY, N. Y., Sept. 9.—Follow
ing the resignation yesterday of William
M. Byrne. United States District Attor
ney of Delaware, the President to-day
requested the Postmaster General to sub
mit to him a report on *the recent retire
ment of Miss Huldah B. Todd, the post
mistress of Greenwood, Delaware.
It Is charged that Miss Todd was re
tired to make room for an Ad dicks sup
porter. Mr. Roosevelt knew nothing of
the fate of the Delaware postmistress
until his attention was called to it by
the newspapers. He afterward received
a personal letter on the subject. This
prompted him to desire an investigation.
Physicians Treat Sufferer for Asthma
Until Fit of Coughing Af
fords Belief.
EL PASO, Tex., Sept 9.— Eight months
ago little Ethel Crawford, the 5-year-old
daughter of J. J. Crawford of this city,
swallowed a small monkey wrench, which
vas among the toys given her at Christ
mas. Since that time she has been under
the care of physicians and treated for
asthma. To-day, during a violent fit of
coughing, the little one coughed up the
small toy, which evidently had been lodg
ed in her bronchial tubes since, last
Christmas. The case has caused much in
terest among physicians. a
President Orders Inquiry Into the
Forcing Out of a Dela-
SEEKS TO I.EABN WHY
POSTMISTBESS BETIBED
Negotiating for the Site of Famous
Battle to Preserve It From
Builders.
LONDON, Sept. 9.— It is said that An
drew Carnegie is negotiating for the pur
chase of the famous battlefield of Ban
nockburn, near Sterling, Scotland, In or
der to save It from falling into the hands
of builders.
CABNEGIE MAY PTJBCHASE
BANNOCKBTJBN FIELD
greater homage paid to it, and from day
break till midnight the celebrators acted
in joyous accord and made the day a
memorable one. The thousands of visit
ors that arrived late last night were
Joined by Beveral thousand more this
morning.
There have Jbeen bigger celebrations of
Admission day In the State, but none
more patriotic or enthusiastic than the
one held to-day. About 2500 Sons and
Daughters of the Golden West marched
through the streets to the music of band
and fife and drum. Fittingly, too, the
Pioneers and Mexican War Veterans, the
road builders Into this great common
wealth, preceded them in the line of
march, just as they had preceded others
more than half a century ago. These old
State builders did not walk, however, but,
seated in their carriages, looked E and
smiled upon ..the Sons and Daughters as
day and the 30,000 or 35,000 inhabi
tants of this city and county Joined In the
festivities. No State could have had
g*^ AN JOSE, Sept. 9.— Ten thousand
B Native Sons and Daughters cele
. j| brated California's fifty-third
birthday in a fitting manner to-
THE fifty-third anni
versary of the ad
] mission of California
into, the Union was patriot
ically ' observed yesterday
throughout the State. I The
larger celebrations were
held in San Jose, iChico and
Sonoma. Many parlors of
the Native Sons and Daugh
ters held forth at San Jose
and the, sturdy pioneers
joined them in their festivi
ties. ¦ ¦ ¦ . -
Sturdy Pioneers and Veterans of Mexican War Take
Prominent Part in the Festivities.
CHICO, Sept. 9.— Governor Pardee
slipped quietly - into Chlco on the
regular morning overland, so that
the crowds of merry-makers
..' . missed the opportunity to give
him the demonstrative welcome that was
planned. However, the Governor was
here and consequently the crowds were
in the best of humor and the greeting
that was intended for the chief was un
corked for . the benefit of the great
thronghs of Native Sons and Daughters
who arrived on a' special at 10:40 o'clock.
By 9 o'clock people began to gather In
the neighborhood of the depot and long
before train time j the streets leading
toward. the station were jammed with ve
hicles-' and the - sidewalks were crowded
with pedestrians, ' who \ cheered to^__the
echoe' the arrival '.of' the "Veteran Fire
men. . Four divisions of the grand parade
were forming on the streets that cross
Main street, while the local companies of
the' fifth division, together with portions
of the ; Marysville and Sacramento par
lors of Native Sons, gathered at the depot
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW ORLEANS, Sept 9.— Another es
caped convict from the Mississippi peni
tentiary presented himself to-day and
apologized for his escape. He is Brooks
Story, the notorious express robber, who
has escaped five times from the peniten
tiary.
To-day Story presented himself at the
Governor's mansion and explained that
he had received word that his wife
was critically 111 in Kosciusko, more
than 100 miles away, a week ago,
and he broke out of prison to get to her
bedside. As soon as she was out of dan
ger he returned to the penitentiary.
Story belongs to one of the best fam
ilies in Mississippi and In her young
womanhood his wife was noted for her
remarkable beauty. Evil companions led
the young husband astray, and holding
up trains and robbing express offices soon
became his occupation. He was finally
caught and sent to the penitentiary to
serve a ten-year term.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 9.— It was evident
from the trend of the discussion on the
part of the members of the State Board
of Equalization at a meeting to-day that
the assessment of many of the counties
of the State will be raised. There is a
well-founded belief that the assessment
of the city and county of San Francisco
will be among those to be raised.
Although the board has until the 12th
Inst. in which to arrive at a conclusion
regarding the county assessments, It may
take final action any time between now
and that date. After the meeting to-day
the members . of the board declined to
make any statement, saying they would
not commit themselves before taking final
action. .
Pratt put spurs to his horse and two
posses were soon in hot pursuit. One of
them captured the fugitive at Hash Knife
Draw, a canyon twenty miles north of
P€CO6. He confessed the crime, saying
Myrnberg had married the woman he
loved and that h* was crazed by Jeal
ousy. The feeling against Pratt is great.
One posse is still out, not having learned
of the capture.
EL PASO, Tex., Sept. 9.— E. Myrnberg,
a merchant of Pecos, Tex., was shot and
killed at noon to-day by James Pratt, a
cattleman. The tragedy occurred on the
main street cf the town. Myrnberg was
passing from his store to his residence.
where his bride awaited, when Pratt
strode up and fired two shots at him
from the 30-30 rifle. The first shot passed
through Myrnberg's neck and he fell to
his knees, begging for mercy. At the
second shot he fell dead in the alkali
dust.
KIIXS MAN WHO WEDDED
THE WOMAN HE LOVED
Texas Cattleman Shoots Successful
Hival in the Streets of
Pecos.
ZANESVILLE, Ohio. Sept. 9.— An auto
mobile driven by Earl Kiser of Dayton
escaped his control at the races here to
day and as the result of its dashing Into
the fence John Gooding was fatally in
jured, having been struck by the auto
mobile Tvhfle going at terrific speed. Sev
eral other persons were less seriously
injured. Kiser had an ankle broken.
Racing Machine at Zanesville Fatally
Injures John Gooding.
ESCAPES CONTBOL.
DETEOIT, Midi* Sept. 3.— While Bar-
r ' 3- Oidfield's racing automobile was run
ning nearly sixty miles an hour at the
GrtxssB Polnte track this afternoon in the
t fs-csflc open eve nt, one of the front tires
on tie machine burned through and ex
ploded, throwing tho car into the fence
and injuring Frank Shearer, a spectator,
so terribly that be died in an ambulance
••n route to the hospital. The car -went
fifty feet through the air and Oldfleld,
T7ho kept tis seat, had a marvelous es
cape from death. He received several
cuts about the body and had one rib
broken.
It was an afternoon of accidents at the
track, two other high power machines
coming to grief because of the tires. For
tunately no one was hurt ia either of
these accidents.
OMfleld's sparker gave out a few feet
from the tape In the race during which
the accident occurred and Oldfield lost
nearly two miles before he repaired the
damage and started after Harry Cun
ningham, the only other entry. The tires
of the raaefcine were the same ones he
used at Cle\'eland and as he was turn
ing Into the stretch on his seventh mils ,
the friction on the right front tire burned
through and it exploded. The track is
banked high at the turn and the car with
ils tremendous momentum shot for the
outer edga of the track, which is six
feet above the ground beyond. Oldfield
had just time enough to twist his brake
and head for a spot between two trees.
Shearer was standing against the fence
at this point and the car struck him
F^uarely, breaking both legs and fractur
ing his skull. He was thrown seventy
five feet and never recovered conscious
ness. Oldfleld had presence of mind
enough to throw himself backward on
the fiat deck cf the car, which went
crashing through a low tree and landed
a complete wreck fifty feet from where
It went through the fence. A brother of
Shearer was standing near him and had
a narrow escape.
Tire Explodes and the Racer
Swerves and Leap3 in
the Air.
Barney Oldfield Has a
Marvelous Escape in
Accident
Spectator Is Killed
*by Knoaway
Machine,
DEATH RIDES
IN HURTLING
AUTOMOBILE
GRAND MARSHAL, OF THE PROCESSION GIVEN BY NATIVE SONS AND ; DAUGHTERS AT GARDEN CITY,
AND FOUR OF THE PARLORS THAT EXCITED THE APPLAUSE OF; THOUSANDS OF SPECTATORS WHO
LINED THE SIDEWALKS AND CHEERED THE PATRIOTIC PARADERS. • • •
In Paris there Is a persistent rumor that
M. Constans, the French Ambassador la
Constantinople, Intends to resign as a
protest against the apathy shown by his
Government. According to a Sofia dis
patch to the Dally Express the British
agent there has already notified Bulgaria
that Great Britain Insists that she pre
vent the passage of bands into Mace
donia.
Little credence is attached to a story
published in the Vienna Die Zeitung that
Turkish troops have been ordered to cross
the Bulgarian frontier.
Count Goluchowski, the Austrian Chan
cellor, had a long conference with Em
peror Francis Joseph at Budapest yester
day and common diplomatic action by the
powers against Bulgaria is again said
to be in preparation.
The Italian fleet is held in readiness at
Sicily, so that It could reach Turkish wa
ters within forty-eight hours, but Italy
will not take any action except in accord
with the powers.
The Dally Telegraph's correspondent In
Varna reiterates the determination on the
.part of the Bulgarian Government to hin
der every manifestation liable to lead to
war. He adds that Prince Ferdinand is
In daily receipt of menacing letters and as
a result the palace Is strongly guarded,
the locks have been changed on the doora
and all persons desiring admission are
strictly scrutinized.
It Is learned from Phillppopolls that tha
Macedonian committee is actively organ
izing new revolutionary bands, of which
170 have been formed in Eastern Roume
lla and Macedonia since Boris SarofofC
assumed the direction of the Adrianople
committee. The leaders of the bands duf
ing the last six months have imported IDO
kilograms of dynamite, mostly from Aus
tria, together with large stores of rifles,
which have all been warehoused in the
suburbs of Philippopolls.
From Vienna It Is reported that Bul-
Dispatch Says Bulgaria's Army Is to
Be Mobilized.
LONDON. Sept. 10.— Except that the
Consuls in Salonica are again asking for
the protection of warships, there is lit
tle direct news this morning from the
seat of the Macedonian troubles, but
there is a plentiful crop of sensational
statements, which It Is impossible to con
firm or deny. Among the latter Is the
assertion made in a Sofia dispatch to the
Seclo of Milan to the effect that it has
been decided to mobilize the Bulgarian
army. This is contrary to the avowed
policy of the Bulgarian Government, but
cannot be regarded as unlikely, as the
Turkish troops are concentrated at Geok
tepe, five miles from, the Bulgarian fron
tier.
SOFIA'S ALASMHTQ BTJMOB.
The Moslem section of the city, from
Friday up to last night, was in a state of
anarchy and thirty persona were killed.
among- whom, however, were no foreign
ers. The shops are closed, the streets de
serted and the Government Is seemingly
unwilling to assure the safety of the resi
dents.
The arrival of the American cruisers
Brooklyn and San Francisco was most op
portune. Admiral Cotton Is on the- alert
and a signal corps and guards slept at
the United States Consulate last night.
The men on board the warships are un
der arms, ready to disembark on & sig
nal from the consulate. The boats of the
Brooklyn and San Francisco have re
connoitered the coast below the property
of the American mission in order to se
lect landing places In case of need. The
American mission authorities have de
manded guards from the Governor for the
protection of the mission printing office
and the mission property. An attempt to
enter an American residence on Satur
day was frustrated.
The Americans here believe the United
States Government should Insist on the
dismissal of the Vail of Beirut, a notori
ous bribetaker, and to whom an the dis
orders are attributed. Tho opinion here
Is that the powers should take action
with a view to bringing Beirut trader the
jurisdiction of an autonomous Christian
government for the Lebanon district.
BEIRUT, Syria. Sept. 7 (via Port Said).
Vice Consul Slagelssen, when he was fired
at recently, was near a police booth. Hl3
assailant la not yet known. The authori
ties are Indifferent and thus far have
given no satisfaction.
American Mission Makes
Demand Upon Governor
for Protection.
Signal Corps Sleeps at
the United States
Consulate.
The San Francisco Call
BREAKS JAIL
TO VISIT HIS
SICK WIFE
Train Robber Re
turns After Her
Recovery.
EQUALIZERS
MAY INCREASE
ASSESSMENT
Board Is : Likely to
Add to County
Burden.County of Nevada
Observes the
Natal Day.
Honor the Memory
of a Gallant Com
inouorc.
Continued From Page 1, Column 5.
LOS A2TGEXER Sept. 9.—Otwerr
ence of Admimrion day was cen
tered at Sen Bernardino, where,
under th© direction of Arrowhead Parlor,
N. S. O. "W., a big celebration was beld.
The various parlors of Native Sons in Loa
Angeles Joined with San Bernardino In
the celebration, as did a number of other
parlors from Interior towns. Former
Senator B. F. Del Valle of Los Angeles
wa« the speaker of tho day. In this city
the day was not observed.
CELEBRATION AT CHICO.
Day Is Marked by
Exercises of. a
±112:11 urcicr.
Southern Parlors
Unite at San
Bernardino.
to have the division complete by the ex
cursionists.
The members of Chico parlors wore at
tractive costumes, consisting of white
duck trousers, blue shirts and brown
hajs with leather bands. They served as
the special escort to the incoming broth
ers and sisters. The Eighth Regiment
Band was on hand to head the division.
Several hundred eager, excited visitors
from Sacramento and intervening points
swarmed from the train when it drew up
on the siding, and most of the gentlemen
and not a few of the ladles at»once fell
Into the ranks and marched to the place
of assembly.
The parade was well apportioned, well
conducted and was one of the most exten-
Exercises Held at Park
Are Attended by a
Large Throng, v
Continued. on Page 3, Column 1.
The sanatorium for consumptives at
Frankf or t-on-t he-Main has windows that
consist merely of openings, without glass,
so that the patients are exposed to air
currents day and. night, all the year
round. ¦ • . * • ¦- ->
King Edward's proficiency as a linguist
was strikingly illustrated during: his re
cent visit to Paris. At a private dinner
given by M. Loubet. the French Presi
dent read a very formal speech. The
King of England got up immediately aft
er and delivered without a note an ad
mirable speech In French.
GLOWING TRIBUTE
TO FOUNDERS OF
THE GOLDEN WEST
THE literary exercises in St. James
Park In the afternoon attracted sev
eral thousand people. A band con
cert was given by the Fifth Regiment
Band. After the parade many of the
visitors went to the park to rest and
await the exercises under the shade of the
trees. Lewis F. Byington, past grand
president, was the president of the day.
After being introduced he delivered the
following address, which was well re
ceived:
bon* and daughters of the Great West, we
gather here to honor the men, our fathers, who
planted upon the soil of California the institu
tions that have made our country great. Here
beneath thy peaceful skies that spread above
thtm. amid the fertile fields they sowed and
reaped, by the side of the monuments they
e , r f. ared< wa recaU aOTjn t he »r trials and
tribulations, proclaim their virtues and their
t££" -wV 010 "* <* our responsibilities,
learn whether, true to the traditions of our
country, we are their loyal and worthy chil-
Every valley and hill of California is rich
with reminiscences of the pioneers, and to-day
throughout her broad domain the people gather
In city, upon mountain and plain, to marvel
at her achievements, and in strains of affec
tionate admiration recount the virtues and the
sen-lees of her founders, but here In the early
capital of the State, rich in the traditions of
the Spanish and Mexican days, surrounded by
the most fruitful of valleys and circled by
vine-clad hills, with Institutions of learning
that are the pride of the nation, we glory in
our birthright and marvel at the magnincent
progress of the years.
We stand to-day at the gateway that sep
arate! the first half century of California's ex
istence u a State from the twentieth century
which opens before. us. The last fifty year*
belong to the pioneer. Through the dim vista
of years we can mark his weary trail over the
broad prairies of Illinois and Nebraska and
across the barren sands of Nevada. We see
him climbing on up through the Bnow-bound
canyons of the Sierras and at last standing.
with shaded eyes, at the summit, grating out
over the vista of California's unrivaled won
ders. Through trials and tribulations he has
fought his way to the promised land. He turns
lor a moment and gazes back over the seemingly
endleas"»haste he has traversed. Many & faith
ful companion of hii youth and riper manhood
have fallen by the wayside. Beneath the grass
on the Western prairies, folded over with the
snows of the Rockies, by the side of the
parched and sandy trail and under the waving
pines, with hop* unfullllled. many an ambitious
heart lies still forever. But the strong and
resolute, the survivors of myriad dangers.
stand at last upon the summit of the Sierras
their faces turned toward the West— the build
ers of an empire. We have seen their camp
fires kindled on every hillside and by many a
mountain stream. The crystal waters that for
ages leaped pure and untrammeled from the
virgin snows are fretted by the wheels of the
busy miners or stained by the wash from the
monitors upon the hills above. Urged on by
the spirit of adventure' or the love of danger,
American liberty found. in them Its most rvso
lute defenders, justice Us boldest champions.
Wherever their tents were pitched, organized
society held sway, and the institutions of self
government found rapid growth. Recognizing
the principle of education as the ideal prepa
ration for good citizenship, they planted an
American school on every hillside. We. their
children, are proud to-day to revisit the scenes
SAN JOSE, Sept ».— The mem
bers of the local Sloat Monument
Association to-day raised a flag
over the Alcantara building, at the north
west corner of Post and Market streets,
in memory of Commodore Sloat. It was
on this spot on July 13, 1846, that the first
American flag was raised in San Jose.
The flag was raised on orders of Sloat.
The local association will place a brass
tablet In the corner of the building as
soon as one can be made. Major Edward
Sherman of Oakland officiated at the flag
raising.
San Jose Parlor of the Native Daugh
ters presented the best appearance of any
of the organizations. Forty-four mem
bers drew a float, on which was a min
iature electric tower made of popples and
ferns. Four little girls sat at each cor
ner of the tower, where also were mount
ed bear flags. The float was decorated
with white and yellow. The ladies wore
white dresses, white and yellow paper
hats and yellow badges. Mrs. Josphlne
Barboni was in charge. Genevieve Parlor
had about twenty members in the parade.
They wore white suits and lmts and car
ried small American flags. "
J. A. Belioli Jr. was marshal of the
ninth division. Hig aids were T. J. Mc-
Geoghegan and Charles Thompson. Twin
Peaks Parlor, with its fife and drum
corps, headed the division. About forty
members were in line. They were dressed
in white suits, gray' hats, wore regalias
and carried red, white and blue parasols.
The Army and Navy Parlor and Army
and Navy fife and drum corps came
next. The members were dressed in khaki
and wore campaign hats. Dolores Parlor
was represented by sixteen members in
white pants and blue shirts, and Berke
ley Parlor had a dozen representatives.
Mountain View Parlor wore white suits,
red sashes and carried parasols. Univer
sity Parlor had twenty men In line, with
white suits, gray hats and regalias, and
they were followed by Menlo Park Par
lor. El Capitan, the baby parlor of the
order, appeared in white suits and wore
regulation baby caps. A number of the
members carried miniature drums and
the rest carried nipples. Some of them
had milk bottles hanging from their
shoulders.
' The local parlors made up the tenth
division. H. A. Pflster was marshal, with
Louis Galraud and Charles Hastings as
aids. The Santa Clara band headed the
division San Jose Parlor followed, 100
strong. The members were attired in
white pants, black shirts and wore yellow
sashes. Palo Alto Parlor had fifty mem
bers in line, headed by two boys on horse
back. The men wore white suits and
hats, with yellow ties and badges. ' The
League of the Cross drum and bugle
corps headed Observatory Parlor. The
members wore dark suits and carried
palm branches.
The parade was reviewed on West San-
The fourth division was marshaled by
T. E. Carroll. His aids were E. Cook and
G. B. Cottle. El Dorado Parlor, with Its
drum corps, led the division. About
twenty-five members represented the par
lor and they carried Japanese parasols.
Representatives of Alameda Parlor came
next. San Francisco Parlor No. 49 was
preceded by Its bugle and drum corps.
The men wore regalias and carried para
sols. Thirty-six members were in line.
Stanford Drum Corps led Stanford Parlor
No. 76. Forty members paraded 4n dark
naval uniforms. Mount Tamalpals Parlor
followed and Oakland Parlor No. 50
wound up the division. The members rode
In a six-horse carriage, decorated with
yellow.
W. H. Harrison was marshal of the
fifth division, with Mark Noon and W. J.
Smyth aids. The Sodality Club Band" of
Santa Clara led the parlors. Orlnda Par
lor, Native Daughters, marched with Rin
con Parlor. Two rows of the Jadles
marched inside of lines of Native Sons.
There were about forty in the two par
lors. The ladies wore white suits and
hats and carried white parasols. Then
came Bay City Parlor. In white suits, fif
teen men In line; National Parlor had
fourteen men, with regalias and parasols
and Piedmont Parlor, whose members
wore red coats and white "pants, with
caps, followed with sixteen men.
A carriage containing Mayor Schmitz
of San Francisco, Past President L. F.
Byington. Mayor Worswick of San Jose
and Grand President H. R. McNoble fol
lowed. In other carriages were Grand
Trustee Henry S. Martin. Grand Secre
tary Henry Lunstedt, Grand Trustee C.
E. Jan-is, Grand Inside Sentinel J. Em
met Hayden, Grand Second Vice Presi
dent J. »L. Gallagher, Grand Trustee
J-.nes A. Devoto, Past Grand Presidents
Charles A. Decker, Thomas F. Flint and
John H. Grady, Past President Lewis E.
Aubury. Past President F. W. Marston,
4irs. E. E. Schmitz and Mrs. A. Ron
covleri.
The first division was marshaled by A.
B. Langford. with J. M. Shilue and Dr. G.
W. Fowler as aids. Then came the Fifth
Regiment band. The division was made
up of Company A, First Regiment. Na
tional Guard of California, Captain
George Ballinger commanding, with fifty
three men in line. Company I, Fifth
Regiment, of Llvtrmore, Captain J. O.
McKown commanding, had thirty men in
line, and Company B. Fifth Infantry, of
this city, numbered about fifty men, un
der command of Captain G. L. Holtum.
The Pioneers made up the second divi
sion. J. S. Selby was marshal, with R. J.
Langford and A. P. Murgotten as aids.
The Pioneers occupied three big four
horse carryalls and twenty-five carriages
followed. In one carriage were four
women pioneers of 1846. Two of these
were survivors of the Dormer party, Mrs.
Mattie Reed Lewis and Mrs. John M.
Murphy; the other two were Mrs. Joslah
Belden and Mrs. Margaret Branham
Ogler. One carriage was drawn by four
white horses and decorated with popples.
There were at least two hundred Pioneers
in line. Scattered about in the carriages
were a number of Mexican War veterans.
M. M. Marshall was marshal of the
third dlv.o.on. His aids were J. J. Ryan
and H. C. Sagehorn. The California Fife
and Drum Corps led the California Par
lor, which had about thirty men in line,
who carried Japanese parasols. Pacific
Parlor No. 10 followed with about
seventy men. They wore white suits of
the naval uniform style, trimmed with
gold lace, caps to correspond, and carried
parasols.
Fremont Parlor of the Native Daugh
ters and Mission Parlor of the Native
Sons marched together. The ladles made
a striking appearance. They were attired
in blue suits, blue and white hats and
carried white parasols and wore white
gloves. The members of Mission Parlor
wore white pants, blue blouses and gray
hats. There were about thirty ladles and
forty men.
V". Macomas, chief of aids. The aids to
the grand marshal were: Eugene E.
Schmitz, H. I. Mulcreavy, Joseph King.
John F. Twomey, L. Nonneman, J. Ham
mond, Charles J. Turner, J. F. Hanson,
A- F. Sousa, W. S. C. Schmidt, W. J.
Backus. W. J. Brady, H. Williams, H.
Heneke, George A. Stutt, William Breu
ner, H. L. Levison, Frank McArdle, Fred
Glozier, F. J. Monahan.
At the head of the sixth division rod©
Marshal J. E. Hancock, whose aids were
J. S. Williams and Carroll Wayne. Hes
perian "Parlor, with its drum corps, led
the line. The men wore white pants, blue
coats and caps and carried parasols.
There were twenty-four of them. Twenty
five members of Alcatraz Parlor wore re
galias and carried parasols. Halcyon
Parlor paraded twelve men with white
pants and hats, with dark coats, and Pre
clta Parlor followed, with twenty-five
men, who were attired in white flannel
suits and red hats. Brooklyn Parlor was
,ln line. A boy riding a bull preceded
South San Francisco Parlor and Its drum
corps. Twenty men were in line, wearing
blue suits and caps.
John F. Linehan was at the head of the
seventh division, with Frank Mordecai
and H. Struve as aids. Alcalde Drum
Corps furnished the music for this divi
sion. The Alcalde Drill Corps pf fourteen
men, in military suits of dark blue, with
swords and white helmets, escorted about
twenty members of their parlor. Watson
vine Parlor had about thirty men in lino,
dressed in white suits and white hats
with yellow bands and carried parasols.
Santa Clara Parlor wore white suits with
blue sash, white caps, and carried para
sols. About sixty of its members turned
out. Sequoia Drum. Corps headed thirty
members of its parlor, who wore their re
galias and cowboy hats. Menlo Park
Parlor came next. A drum corps headed
Presidio Parlor, whoBe forty members
wore dark suits, with regalias, and car
ried parasols. . Major Watters of Oakland
marched at the head of Athens Parlor
from that city and carried a globe bearing
the name of the parlor. *A dozen mem
bers appeared in white flannel suits and
hats, with full dress vests.
The eighth division attracted a great
deal of attention. I. I*. Koppel was mar
shal, with Miss Lottie Wade, Mrs. Elsie
Docrr, Miss Florlne Rock and Miss May
Wade as aids. A cavalcade of nine
mounted young -ladies of Vendome Parlor
of Native Daughters headed the division.
Olympus Drum Corps and parlor followed.
There were sixteen of them in dark suits,
wearing regalias and carrying canes.
Minerva Parlor of Native Daughters
came next. There were twelve of these
young ladies . in white suits, wearing
white hats trimmed with popples. They
carried yellow parasols bearing the name
and number fit their parlor. At their head
marched a young lady carrying the Amer
ican flag and six more of the girls
wheeled a banner. Los Lomas Parlor of
Native Daughters occupied a five-seated
carriage.. They were dressed in white
suits and wore white hats trimmed in
blue, Fremont Parlor of Native Daugh
ters and Marshall Parlor of Native Sons
marched together. Marshall Drum Corps
was at their head. Twenty-eight young
ladles wore white suits and hats and car
ried flags. The members of Marshall Par
lor to the number of thirty-two carried
parasols. Vendome Parlor came next
with twenty members. They wore white
suits and caps and were under command
of Miss Tillle Brohaska. •
PROMINENT PARLORS THAT TOOK AN ACTIVE PART IN THE FIT
TING CELEBRATION OF THE FIFTY-THIRD ANNIVERSARY OF
THE ADMISSION OF CALIFORNIA INTO THE UNION
sive that has ever been seen in the north
era part of the State. The uniformed
companies, militia, firemen and fraternal
orders all combined to give freshness and
cplrlt to the picture. The fire engines and
tastefully decorated hose carts; the fine
line of variously bedecked vehicles. In
cluding some very attractive automobiles,
and the beautiful and artistic floats gave
the parade a tone of grandeur. The pres
ence of the chief executive of the State,
bland and smiling, and interested In every
feature of the display, put every one on
the best terms with the entire celebration.
Everything was applauded and the whole
city was ilght hearted and gay. The pro
cession extended for more than a mile
and, with four bands, made an animated
and striking pageant. After the mile of
march had been covered, bringing the
tiead of the procession for a second time
on the main street, the Governor and his
staff, in their carriages, drew out beside
the City Park, between Fourth and Fifth
streets, and reviewed the paraders as
Uiey passed by in countermarch. As com
pany after company passed, each cheer
ing heartily, Governor Fardee responded
with cheers and salute, his face beaming
responsive goodfellowship.
After the procession had been disband
ed crowds Hocked to Armory Hall to
hear the Governor's address. He spoke
for a quarter of an hour eulogizing our
great State, dwelling upon the Incalcu
lable richness of its resources and
prophesying its empirical wealth in the
future. He quoted history to show the
westward trend of empire and said that
the future commercial metropolis of the
world must lie upon the Pacific. The
Governor's manner was easy and earnest
and his voice strong and clear.
In the afternoon the competitive hose
races took place on Broadway. Teams
from Red Bluff, Oroville and Chlco strove
for victory, which virtually meant the
championship of Northern California.
The runs themselves were intensely ex
citing, but some tedious waits Intervened
between them. Chico won the contest
In the very creditable time of 33 1 -; seconds.
Both the visiting teams were beaten by
the swift water, Oroville falling to get
the nozzle attached and Red Bluff fumbl
ing at the hydrant.
Following the hose race a balloon ascen
sion was scheduled to take place on the
campus of the State Normal School
grounds, but owing to the delay on the
part of the performers the frontier sham
battle was fought before the ascension
was made. It was an interesting- specta
cle. A four-horse stage coach driving un
der the heavy trees on the Bidwell ranch
was set upon by Indians, and a spirited
running fight took place, ending In a hand
to-hand encounter. One victim of the at
tack was hung from a rude pole and
made the central figure In a diabolical
scalp dance. Just as this barbarous di
version was at its height a company of
militia, commanded by Captain William
White, rushed to the rescue. The fight
which followed was extremely close and
hot. but, overpowered by number, the In
dians slunk back step by step, until they
disappeared in the heavy jungle on the
banks of Chico Creek.
After this came the balloon ascension,
but owing to the strength of the wind an
elevation of -only about 500 feet was at
tained, and the performer was afraid to
detach his parachute, but came down on
the southern side of the city with his bal
loon. A grand tall was given in the even
ing In Armory Hall, and a band concert
drew large crowds to the city park.
GRASS VALLEY, Sept.
sion day was celebrated here by
a picnic at Glenbrook Park. The
affair drew hundreds from all parts of
the county, both this place and Nevada
City being deserted for the day, the com
bined population turning out. to the pic
nic. Every business house in both cities
was closed for the day. > The celebration
was given under the auspices of the Cur
ly Bears and Argonuats, and was an Im
mense success. The celebration concluded
with a ball to-night at Olenbrook.
ta Clara street by the offlcers, after
which it disbanded.
STRAW PAYROLL FRAUD
LEADS TO BIANY ARRESTS
Santa Pe Special Officers Unearth
Swindle That Involves a Num
ber of Employes.
SAN BERNARDINO. ,Sept 9.— The ar
rest of A. E. Eldrldge of Needles by
Santa Fe special offlcers a few days ago
proves to have been the beginning of an
effort to break up one of the most exten
sive attempts to swindle unearthed in the
history of railroading. Tne amount In
volved was not great, for, perhaps, it was
limited to $1300, but it is stated that at
least twenty employes are implicated in
the "straw payroll" system of which El
drldge was alleged to be the head. Al
ready five others are lodged here in Jail.
The pursuit of the guilty men is being
taken up eagerly by Sheriff Ralphs of
this county, and a large number of other
warrants are still out. although many
suspects took flight when they heard of
the arrest of some of the conspirators.
The system employed a man named
liutz, whose duty it was to find employes
who were willing to sign a voucher for a
full month when less than that amount
of work had been done, or for absolutely
bogus employes. Others under arrest in
clude Joseph Young, E. L. Marston and
William Dorsairt.
cf the celebration. The fireworks, hurrah
and din last night were only preliminary.
From the moment the parade started this
morning until the last special pulled out
of the depot at midnight with the visiting
parlors homeward bound there was no
cessation In the merriment. It was a
good-natured crowd.
In the afternoon there were literary ex
orcises in the park and they were well
attended. The work of entertaining was
Taken up by the parlor6 and at a dozen
different places there were "open houses"
and receptions, with music, dancing and
refreshments. The local parlors of Na
tive Sons and Daughters received at the
Native Sons' Hall, corner of Third and
San Fernando streets, and all afternoon
and evening there was a steady stream of
callers.
Dancing was indulged in and refresh
ments were served.
Rlncon Parlor. N. S. G. TV., and Orin
<2a Parlor, N. D. G. W., entertained In
Y. M. I. Hall. Dancing was enjoyed both
afternoon and evening and the place was
filled with puests. Mission Parlor had
its headquarters in Eagles" Hall and there
was no lack of hospitality and entertain
ment there. Pacific Parlor did honors at
the Hotfl St. James, and the members
entertained and amused a large number
of friends. Stanford Parlor had its head
quarters at the Hotel Vendome and lta
guests were loud in the praise of the
treatment they received. San Francisco
Parlor No. <9 was located in the Alcan
tara building. Alcalde and Alameda par
lors in Music Hall, El Capitan in Judge
Benson's courtroom. Twin Peaks In the
Auzerais building. California and Fre
mont parlors In Curtis Hall. South San
J-'rancisco Parlor in Elite Hall and AJca
traz Parlor in Library HalL All of these
parlors entertained their many friends.
The Pioneers and the sons and daugh
ters of Pioneers entertained at their head
quarters in the Oou Fellows' building.
A large number of visitors attended the
bicycle races and others went to Alum
Reck Park. This latter place was lighted
•with electric lights to-night and many
ppont the evening there.
The streets were crowded with natives
to-night and drum corps paraded, while
others of the celebrators Jingled cowbells.
There was a steady procession from one
headquarters to another. About 11 o'clock
the visitors began to depart for their
homes on the excursion trains.
STATE PIONEERS
TAKE PROMINENT
PART IN PARADE
ALMOST the entire population turn
ed out to witness the parade and
the whole county was well rep
resented by delegations. Notwithstand
ing the pressing work of handling the
fruit In the orchards, many hundreds
la!d aside their tasks for the day to join
in the celebration. It Is estimated that
from fifteen to twenty thousand visi
tors were in the city.
It was nearly 11:30 o'clock before the
big pageant started. At that time the
sidewalks along the line of march were
crowded, while hundreds viewed the par
ade from windows and porches of houses.
The line of march was from Third and
St. James streets west to Second street;
south on Second street to San Antonio
strict; west to First street; north on
First ctreet to Hobson street; counter
march south on First street to Santa
Clara street; west on Santa Clara street
to Market street; south on Market street
to San Fernando street.
The entire line of march was decorat
ed. At short intervals across the streets
were stretched lines of streamers and
flags, while each block displayed large
Bear and American flags. All the build
ings unfurled large American flags and
the business houses decorated with bunt
ing and flags. The line of march was one
solid fringe of people. Ladies and chil
dren In their summer suits, with the
waving banners and flags overhead,
formed fitting banks for the stream of
Native Sons and Daughters of the Golden
West to march through. .
The day was not too warm, although
about noon the sun beat down pretty
hard. The paradcrs were lightly dressed
and nearly every one carried a parasol,
so no great inconvenience was felt.
About twenty-five hundred Native Sons
and Daughters were in line. Two hun
dred pioneers preceded the natives and a
dozen Mexican veterans were In car
nages. The procession was fifty min
utes in passing a given point The Na
tive Daughters presented an especially
fine appearance and In their pretty suits
attracted attention all along the line of
march.
Chief of Police Carroll and a squad of
sixteen policemen preceded Grand Mar
shal W. E. Foley with Edward Younger
rhief of staff; O. D. Stern, chief aid; H.
DAY IS QUIET IN" CITY.
OXOTCA* Beat. !>.— Th© 2T«ttr«
Sons* celebration here to-day was
a success In every sense of the
word. Four train* brought visitors from
all parts of the county and adjoining
counties. The parade was very elaborate
and all th» Native Sons la the county
participated, followed by two brass
bands, the Independence band of Mare
Island and the Parks band of Santa Rosa.
The Sonoma, firemen and other societies
took part. After the parade literary ex
ercises were held on the plaza. Henry
Beason. the only survivor of the Bear
Flag party, raised the bear flag and was
roundly cheered. One of the principal at
tractions of the day was a baseball
game between the Sonoma team and the
Bourbon Castle team of San Francisco.
The score was 13 to 8 In favor of the So
noma team. A ball was given in Union
Hall In the evening as a grand finale.
San Franciscans Observe Anniver
sary With Best and Recreation.
Admission day was observed very quiet
ly In San Francisco yesterday. The ma
jor portion of the people went to picnics,
the park and beach, the circus or other
places of amusement. At the Chutes in
the evening there was an excellent dis
play of fireworks, consisting for the most
part of set pieces of the patriotic type.
Shops, stores, offices and factories were
generally closed, and the wage-earners
were enabled to enjoy a day of leisure.
The streets were very quiet in every por
tion of the city, although, the cars travel-
Ing toward the ocean were crowded with
passengers far into the evening.
There was no attempt at any general
celebration of the anniversary anywhere
in town, although the cessation of busi
ness in memory of the important occa
sion when California was accorded state
hood must of necessity have its effect in
bringing to the minds of the people at
large the thought of this event, which 13
bo momentous in the history of the West.
Pioneer Hall was crowded yesterday
afternoon and evening with pioneers and
their wives and daughters, the occasion
being 1 a reception and dance to commem
orate Admission day. In the afternoon
Blum's orchestra discoursed patriotic and
popular melodies. An Informal programme
of instrumental and vocal music was
rendered and enjoyed by the *rue3ts. Dr.
C. D. Cleveland read an original poem,
which was received with generous ap
plause.
In the evening there was danclnc and
refreshments wpre served. The affair was
in chargo of Henry B. Russ, E. T. Kruse
and AlDheus Bull Jr. Marshal "W. L.
Duncan and oth«r officers of the society
acted as a receDtlon committee.
Raises Historic
Standard at
Sonoma.
Survivor of Bear
Flag Party Is
Cheered.
ARGONAUTS WHO CROSSED THE PLAINS IN EARLY DAYS
MARCH AT THE HEAD OF THE PROCESSION IN SAN JOSE
THE SAIs FBANCISCO CALL, THUBSDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1903.
Continued From Page 1, Column 4.
Native Daughters
Present Pretty
Picture.
Patriotic Crowds
Applaud the
Paraders.
Flag Is Unfurled
on Hallowed
Ground. -
Population Joins in
Festivities at '
Park,
2
DE. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
The jury returned a rerdict of acci-
dental death on the man who fell from
the window ledge on which he had fallen
asleep. But the death was really due to
f s^-flRMSCflHhtftfstiil carelessnesa
I possible.
- " "^~" T"' - —^Df^ The** are a
r^T?? ' " ' ** ve9 9U 4"
ri *3&3lr although tha
m Xft^^^ -n. rp*dica» cer-
**|§S£Yh y read /heart
\*sfcJ2^£>o*S&'N. T^hen a man
VAy HI chanceiwith
E\ his stomach
and neglects
the warning symptoms of disease, he is
carelessly inviting calamity.
Dr. Pierce'a Golden Medical Discovery
cures diseases of the stomach ar.d other
organs of digestion and nutrition. It
enables the perfect digestion and assimi-
lation of food, v.hich makes strength.
It stimulates the liver, cures biliousness,
and removes bilious impurities from the
blood.
"I had been troubled with a pain in lower
part of my stomach for three yean, so severe I
thought it would kill me in time." writes Mr.
Aaron Van Dam, of (Kensington) 3549 iioth St.
Chicago. 111. " t could hardly wort; it felt like
a big weight hanging on me and got so bad that
I had to take medidne. I used Stomach Bitters
for • time, but it did no good so I wrote to Dr
R. V. Pierce for advice, which he gave me im-
mediately. I followed bis directions; nsed two
bottles of his medidne and was cured. I had a
torpid lhrer which waa troubling me instead of
cramp* (a* I thought), ao Dr. >ierc* told me.
I have pleasure in living now; have rained in
weight 15 pound* since then."
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets cure con-
stipation. They do not beget the pill
habit.
ADVZETISEMENTS.
BUY
BREWSTED'S
MILLIONS
=YOUR=
DEALER'S
TO-DAY
Vl9*BsBLss>lB>sBflHflsHBIsBsBPsBBSsB9sVsBBs9aBsHBsiThese very trees, whose luxuriant foliage to
day shelters us from the heat of the sun. cast
their Ehade over the deliberations and acts of
cur fir.st State Government. Hardly beyond
the reach of the voice from this spot was con
vened and organized the first State Legisla
ture, and there the entire machinery of th-*
State Government was put in active motion.
Hefore Congress had granted our prayer for
Statehood, before the executive of the nation
had penned his name to his approval of the
bill making California a State, the pioneers,
our fathers and predecessors, had in this city
firmly established a complete State organiza
tion.
The occasion, the place, the surroundings,
bo fresh and sweet with the historic memories
of the State, inspire her sons and daughters
with a love and enthusiasm that raise their
pride of State and love of country to a ioftjr
position.
Ladle* and Gentlemen: It Is with a de«p
sense of the honor and distinction that in the
name of the Native Sons of the Golden West
I bid you welcome at the celebration of the
fifty-third anniversary of the admission cf
California into the Union
DAVID M. BURNETT of San Jose,
grandson of California's first
Governor, delivered the address
of welcome on behalf of the local
parlors and city. In part he spoke as
follows:
WELCOMES GUESTS
ON BEHALF OF THE
FAIR GARDEN CITY
The members must bear a good reputation
for sobriety and Industry; they must follow
some respectable calling by which to make
a living, and, as a vital principle of the as
sociation, it encourages temperance among Its
members and recommends total abstinence
from all Intoxicating drinks.
Coupled with us In our dally work — cheerful
in their labors, brilliant In their public ex
pressions, loyal in their devotion to our State
and Its Interests, the Native Daughters of the
Golden West — our mothers, our wives, our sis
ters, our daughters and our sweethearts are
doing noble work for our State and our na
tion.
• In caring for the sick. In nurturing' the or
phans, in buryingr the dead, in fostering -every
Interest that makes for the betterment of
n.ankln.1 and the Improvement of internal con
ditions In California, the Native Daughters of
the Golden West are impressing their magnifi
cent womanhood upon the entire State.
Every citizen of California owes an everlast
ing obligation to those hardy sons of every
soil who left their homes and faced the dan
gers of an unknown land to lay^ the founda
tion stones of this great commonwealth: those
Argonauts —
"Who crossed the plains, as of old the Pll
'grlms crossed the sea,
To make the West, as they the East, the
homestead of the free."
As the descendants of those hardy Pioneers.
The order of the Native Sons of the Golden
West is not a seiflsh organization; it Is found
ed upon the broad and undying principles
of friendship, loyalty and charity.
It was organized for the mutual ' benefit,
'mental Improvement and social Intercourse of
it's members; to perpetuate in the minds of
all native Californlans the memories of -one
of the most wonderful epochs In the world's
history — "the days of '49" — to unite them in
one harmonious body throughout the State by
the ties of a friendship mutually beneficial
to all and unalloyed by the bitterness of re
ligloug or political differences, the discussion
of which is most stringently forbidden In Its
meetings; to elevate and cultivate the mental
faculties; to rejoice with one another In,pros
perity, and to extend the "good Samaritan"
hand In adversity.
The Native Sons of the Golden West are
not alone orsanized to preserve the fame of
California and glorify the deeds of her found
ers, but to carry on with unceasing zeal the
grand work of building up our great State,
foeterlng and developing Its wondrous re
sources and educating its sons and daughters.
What the pioneers began so auspiciously
fifty-three years ago to-day, as their natural
heirs we native sons and native daughter*
are proud to carry on and build up. It is
but the natural impulse of our hearts, prompt
ed by our patriotism and loyalty, that has
called us together in the hospitable city of
San Jose. The thousands gathered here to
day are but the living evidences of the patriot
ism and loyalty of the citizens of our entire
State.
Mr. President, Pioneers, Native Daughters,
Native Sons. Ladies and Gentlemen: What
a flttln* tribute, after fifty-three ytars, we,
native sons and native daughters, children and
grandchildren of the pioneers, have come back
to San Jose, the first capital of the State of
California, we and a few of those old pioneers,
to commemorate the birthday of our beloved
State. '
GRAND PRESIDENT H. R. McNO
BLE was the orator of the day.
He was received with cheers and
delivered an eloquent address. He spoke
as follows:
PREDICTS BRIGHT
FUTURE FOR LAND
SO WELL BELOVED
the destiny of our beloved State rests upon our
shoulders.
• The orders of the Native Sons of the Golden
West and the Native Daughters of the Golden
West stand as monuments to the memory of
those stout-hearted Pioneer ..inothers and fath
ers who made It ptfsalble to have the great
California of to-day;-they are not organized for
a day, but for all time.
There Is one feature that distinguishes the
organization of the Native Sons of the Golden
West from all other fraternal organizations,
and that feature Is loyalty to the State of Cali
fornia. It is one of the fundamental principles
of our organization.
We love these great United States and our
officers of government; we love and admire a
citizen of our Government from whatever part
of our possessions he may come; we never put
California before our nation. We always place
her, with all our love and devotion to her,
side by side with every other State or Terri
tory cf our great Federal bond and we love to
feel and know that she is a strong and grow
ing link in the great sisterhood of States.
Within the confines of our State nature, with
a generous Impulse, has strewn the fruits and
flowers, the mineral and climatic wealth of a
thousand climes. Progress and prosperity,
health and plenty have been written on every
page of her history; yet it remained for the
strident voice of Dewey's guns at Manila to
fully demonstrate to the world California's
patriotism, California's ability, California's
manhood, California's greatness. To-day we
are situated geographically In the center of
the greatest nation known to ancient or mod
ern history; a nation that commands the re
spect and admiration of the entire world.
Within the borders of our State every citi
zen stands on an equal footing; great as. has
been her progress, greater still are her oppor
tunities.
There Is no boy or girl, however humble his
birth, who, if he try, may not rise to be
mighty among us and famed In this nation of
the free. Such demonstrations as this, into
which we all enter so happily to-day, are but
the school houses of liberty erected In loving
devotion to our patriotic republican form of
government.
The spirit that supported the tired and
weary argonaut as he trudged across the great
plains a half century and more gone by; the
spirit that raised the bear flag at old Sonoma;
the spirit that brought California Into the
Union without the process of Territorial child
hood; the spirit that framed the first constitu
tion of our State; the spirit that hanged Caaey
and Corey to the improvised scaffold, the spirit
that laid the foundation of this great common
wealth, Is Instilled In the sons and daughters
of the pioneers. Our foremost object In life Is
and of right should be, to foster and . revere
that spirit. How well we are performing that
Facred trust is known to every household In our
8tate. While we still have hovering about us
the spirit and Inspiration of the golden days
of early California, we associate that spirit
at tho commencement of the twentieth cen
tury with the great and powerful genius of our
present prosperity and the greater possibilities
of the future.
Bright as are the pages of our fifty-three
years' history; heroic as have been the deeds
of her builders; wonderful as has been her
progress. It takes no seer or prophet to tell us
of her brilliant future. With her golden treas
ure, her millions of fertile acres, her harbors,
the wonder of the world; her thousand miles of
coast line fondly clasped by the peaceful queen
of oceans, the natural roadway of the mother
country to our possessions in the Orient — all
these opportunities in the hands of her citizens
of energy and ability, who can resist tho
hope that ere many decades California shall
be the empire State of this great nation?
"California, the Idol of our hearts! While
her valleys shall thrive the poppy, her snow
capped Sierras stand as sentinels to guard
her eastern portals, while her myriad golden
streams shall feed the peaceful old ocean at
her feet, may her eons be ever loyal to her call;
may their hearts ever beat with love and kind
ness for her upright citizens; may the God of
all nations watch over and guide her desti
nies for all time to come!
The band concert followed and was en-
Joyed by the large audience.
Lee Johnson, the well known song writ
er, has two very clever songs, "My Cocoa
nut Lou" and "My Pauline," which are
delighting the audiences at Fischer's The
ater. The former is sung nightly by Win
field Blake, and Maude Amber has scored
a hit with "My Pauline." The double
bill, "The Con-Curers" and "The Glad
Hand," is giving satisfaction.
Henry Miller and Margaret Anglin are
drawing large houses at the Columbia.
The bill for the rest of the week is "The
Devil's Disciple," with a matinee on Sat
urday of "The Taming of Helen."
Grand opera at the Tlvoli la doing a
phenomenal business, "Faust" and "Rigo
letto" being the attractions. "Trovatore"
and "Sonnambula" will be sung next
week.
• • •
The famous morality play, "Everyman,"
is still- attracting big audiences at Lyric
Hall' and j the classical production is
meeting- with pronounced success.
Florence Roberts will be seen this af
ternoon at the Alcazar in a version of
"Gioconda." For the remainder of the
week the successful play, "The Unwel
come Mrs. Hatch," will be given. Miss*
Roberts will "play "Magda" next week.
"Wh'se Baby Are You?" is provoking
laughter at the Central Theater and
crowded houses are the rule. The mili
tary play, "The Cherry Pickers." will be
produced next Monday night.
The Neil-Morosco Company closes its
engagement at the California Theater to
night with a good production of "Notre
Dame." The regular fall season opens on
Saturday night with Alice Johnson and
George Barnum in "A Friend of the Fam
ily."
• '' • ': * * •
The Orpheum has a very strong vaude
ville bill this week and the various num
bers are greeted with appreciation.
The Pollard Juvenile Opera Company is
filling the Grand Opera-house with the
production of "A Gaiety Girl" and is well
worth a visit. '
• • •
The varied attractions at the Chutes
are drawing crowds of people, who en
joy the fun and pleasure generously pro*
vided by the management.
Dr. Mclvor-Tyndall, the psychologist,
will lecture on "Divorce and Its Relation
to Psychology" on j Sunday evening at
Steinway Hall and also give demonstra
tions bf mind reading and thought trans
ference. ". Vr- ;-';;:¦¦:; ; • ;;
LOCAL POLITICS
CROP UP IN SAN
JOSE COMMITTEE
BUT one little incident aside from
the usual Admission day festivi
ties occurred in connection with
to-day's celebration. That was a dash of
local politics that had been hatched up
for the celebration, but the arrival of
Grand President Mc&oble soon straight
ened it out. Because Mayor Worswick
and his administration were not favored
by the leading lights in the Native Sons'
organization the committee in charge de
cided to snub the city's executive. Chief
of Police Carroll was also on the list to
be turned down and no invitation was
extended. to him to furnish" an escort for
the parade. By eome mistake Carroll
was invited by some of the members and
then the committee decided ( to ask that
only Native Sons on the force be fur
nished for an escort.
When the squad with Chief Carroll
lined up to-day in the lead of the proces
sion there were all nationalities in line.
Scheel Scores Popular Success.
A , second popular concert was given
yesterday at the Mechanics' Pavilion, di
rected by Fritz Scheel and under the aus
pices of the San Francisco Symphony So
ciety, and the attendance far exceeded
that at the first concert last Monday. The
programme was similar to the preceding
one and was huccly enjoyed. Schubert's
The most recent excavations show that
Vesuvius began its work as a conservator
of antiquity earlier than the memorable
year A. D. 79. During the excavations ta
the valley of the Sarno, near San Mar
zano, some most interesting antiquities*
have come to light. These had been cov
ered up by a volcano deposit about six
feet thick, which points to an eruption of
Vesuvius which must have taken place
in the seventh century before Christ The
relics include a Greek burying place, arch
aic Italian tombs and various bronzes and
terra cottas.
B. C. Antiquities Uncovered.
THEATERS GIVE
PROGRAMS OF
GREAT MERIT
Members of the visiting- parlors says
that the matter may find its way into the
next session of the Grand Parlor. The
same kind of a slight was given, the Chief
of Police and the Mayor by the Labor
day committee.
Grand President McNoble when he
heard that the Mayor had not been in
vited to participate in the parade sent
for the committee and declared he would
not stand for any such slight to the head
of the city. McNoble said he would not
parade himself unless Mayor WorsWick
was invited. The grand president then
Invited Mayor "Worswick and the Mayor
of San Jose rodo in the, carriage with
Grand" President McNoble, President of
the Day Byiiigton and Mayor Schmitz.
their early labors. Here and upon this
asion there rises before us the central figures
California's golden history, and in dim pro-
Fion the hardy band of noble, whole-souled
n. whose memory shail live as long as our
te endures, move across the stage. They
e the bold spirits that carved out the des
7 of the great West — the torch-bearers who
zt-d th<? way through the primeval forests
: peopled the hills and canyons of California
h a race of hardy and industrious American
zens, true to every principle of American
dc by one they have crossed the last divide.
lr claims are no lender worked. Their
.ps ere silent. Above the mounds that
ik their last restir.g place no stately mau
um or graven column perpetuates the virtues
;i<K.lsjims the worth of thoee great souls,
pioneers of freedom. But a* our eye*
rj> over the vast domain of California, with
myriad cities. Its unrivaled beauties and
:hless resources, we behold the golden
'.Age bequeathed by the pioneers.
lie duty rc*is upon the shoulders of the
:ve Bona to see that their memory is pre
c-d. that the apotj§ rendered sacred by their
Is and tribulations are fittingly marked, and
the Xew survivors \jr lhat gallant band
¦ have the'.r pathway made emooth as it
iries toward the setting sun.
he history cf the past is at least secure.
future is in the hands of the Native Sons
i"a!ifornia. Shall we prove worthy of the
tage of a noble Ftate?
j 1st as the teachings of our fraternity are
-rrr.ed. we know that they are founded
:i the broad basis of a r.oble manhood. The
it that actuated our forefathers and was
lamed in their hearts, namely, the Ameri
idca of education as a preparation for
1 ciuzenship, has been transmitted to their
dr»n. and has brought together the sons of
ifornia In patriotic purpose and cemented
n into the fraternity cf the Native Sons ol
Golden Wen.
is to etrtr.gthen this attachment for the
i of the;r birth, to venerate the principles
ch are there established and to cherish the
r.ory of those who have done so much to ad
ce the cau&e cf our free Institutions that
your.g mm under whose auspices this
bration is held have associated theraselve
pthcr. Not that they claim any special
liege over the citizen bom in another land,
they seek to teach their members their
y to the State, to implant in their hearts
ove for its institutions and to make them
ler men and better citizens; for it Is upon
integrity of our citizens that our State
!<t depend to place her in the vanguard of
:ization. to aid her in carrying the princi-
B of American liberty and American honor
jrvcry nation of the globe.
|f.'hat has the future in store for us? If in
1 past there has been revealed to an admir
i world glimpses cf the boundless resource*
feine. of forest and oi farm, it remains for
It Is the glory of our American institutions
that the road to honor and distinction is open
to every cltlien, no matter how humble may
have been his origin, or how obscure his sta
tion In life. Intellect and sterling Integrity
are the products of no favored land. God has
scattered the seeds of genius by the side cf
the beaten highways and in many a lonely
home, and the voice of the republic reaches
all citizens with the same words of encour
agement and hope and calls them from the
plow, the mine, the forest and the factory
to «lt In the councils of the nation.
Let us rear upon the free soil of the West a
race of men and women worthy of a great and
an Independent State. There are victories of
the past that will serve as an Inspiration for
the future. The years open before us full of
hope and promise. For the love of our State,
to perpetuate her traditions and to consecrat-*
ourselves to every ennobling aspiration for the
future we have associated ourselves together.
If we are to make of California an example
to the world of a Just and well governed com
monwealth, diffusing the blessings of free gov
ernment, we must build upon the foundation
of a noble manhood. Character, in the up
building of a nation. Is everything. We are
leagued together to advance the interests of
our commonweaJth at all times. We stand for
the development of her resources, the i»tlmu
latlngr of her industries, the beautifying- of her
cities, the irrigation of her valleys, the protec
tion of her forests, the preservation of her
landmarks, but. above all. for character and
nobility of manhood everywhere.
All the boundless wealth that sleeps within
our hills or brightens all our plains should
weigh as naught compared to our love for the
flag and the Union and those principles which
lie at the basis of popular government in
America. Deep rlanted in the heart of every
patriot is the sentiment of loyalty to some
thing which Is over and above all the mate
rial wealth and grandeur of nations, which
weds him to the soil, not on account of the
abundance of Its resources cr the pleasant ap
pearance of its landscape, but because upon
that roil the institutions he love* have found
rest and over it all is breathed the spirit of
freedom sanctified by the deeds of Its mar
tyrs.
Whatever concerns rhe welfare of the State
or adds to the happiness and prosperity of htr
I>eoi>le should be and is near to the hearts of
the young men of our fraternity.
The true greatness of California depends
upon the intelligence and patriotism of her
sons and daughters and upon the spirit of
contentment and Industry that permeates the
mass of our people. The white-winged mes
sengers of commerce may bear our products
over every sea, the starry banner of the re
public flash in the morning sun alt around the
globe, but unless sustained by the high char
acter of our citizenship they reflect no glory
on ti." nation.
The historic landmarks of this State, now
fast crumbling to ruin, must be restored and
preserved for the generations which are to
follow in our footsteps.
The magnificent forests and groves of big
trees which cluster upon the flanks of our
mountains must be protected from spoliation;
the waters of the Sierras conserved and dis
tributed to render fruitful our broad valleys
and reclaim the barren plains.
Our home Industries should be fostered, our
manufactories encouraged and the energie" oi
the citizens stimulated and exerted nlong
progressive and expanding lines.
California' e brightest laurels are yet to be
won. No great task can be accomplished, no
great end achieved but through organization,
Vd in the concerted effort springing from the
hearts of tens of thousands of young men of
this State, cemented by fraternity, is the
noblest hope of the West. We are to perpetu
ate and to achieve.
us to de%'elop and broaden the possibilities ot
years to come.
during and living sign and Inspiration, tell
ing to the whole world of the work of the
California pioneers?
It Is not the gold they due from the moun
tain fastnesses nor the bountiful crops they
gathered from the valley that marks their great
undertaking — these have come and may pass
away — but It Is this great commonwealth which
holds her position firmly In the Union of States
that speaks with an eloquence grander and
tweeter than the tongue of Demosthenes or the
pen of Milton, of the great epic of the deeds
of California's pioneers. ' Sons and daughters
of California, our duty is not to praise In words;
It is to carry on to perfect completion the great
work that is left to us by our fathers; let the
strong sense of duty and Justice that guided
them In the upbuilding of the State be our
light on the road to the fulfillment of their
hopes.
There are associations so closely allied to this,
celebration in San Jose that interest and de
mand our attention. This gathering: of our
sisters and brothers from the coa«t counties
to this precursor to the launching of the great
battleship. California.- the first of that class of
great Government vessels to bear the name
Is most appropriate and replete with signifi
cance. A great vessel is building, an engino
that assures protection to the right and holds
terrible punishment for the wrongdoer, a struc
ture that resembles in its intricacy and con
struction the essentials of the fabric of the
State. The keel must be well and strongly laid
and each plate must be intact and each rivet
firmly set, else the whole will not sustain the
buffet of wave or the impact of battle. But
fifty years since and our fathers with but little
experience in statecraft were building the
State; to-day their sons are engaged in the
structure of a vast ship, with little practice
In the great undertaking; but like the pioneers,
they are filled with hope In their labor and the
brains that connived her plan and the hands
that are molding her form are as apt and sturdy
as those of the earlier day. Has the Oregon
and her flight to aid our navy on the Atlantic
coast given us any reason to fear the result?
May their handiwork be an honor to us and
may the California, like her great model, our
State, carry the flag in honor as a pledge of
freedom to all the waters of the globe, an as
surance of peace and protection to the just,
and may the times be but few when she finds
occasion to Dour forth wrath upon the heads
of the doers of evil.
jftntinued From Page 2, Column 5.
DRATORS LAUD DEEDS OF THE ARGONAUTS
CALIFORNIA'S PROSPERITY
DUE TO LOYALTY OF SONS
No trace of the identity of James E.
Sharp could, be found in this city last
night. His name does not appear in the
directory. J. Everett Sharp, who it was
thought by the New York police might
be the suicide, is alive and well in this
city. There in no "No. 336" on Central
avenue, and no one by the name of
Chapin was known to residents on that
avenue.
REDDING, Sept. 9.— The . people of De
la Mar fought throughout the day to save
their homes from a forest fire, which
burned north, east and south of the town
and which sprang up about the smelter
which reduces the ore of Captain De La
Mar's Bully Hill mine, at a point twenty
six miles northeast of Redding. Although
seven houses became ignited at different
times, one of them being on fire on four
occasions, the flames were extinguished
in all cases.
This evening danger of De la Mar's de
struction seems to have passed, although
the fire has leaped Squaw Creek and.
fanned by a stiff north breeze, is racing
toward Copper City, a small settlement
four miles south.
Men are on guard at De la Mar. Cap
per City citizens have been warned of the
danger. They will resort to back-firing.
This evening the entire south side of
Town Mountain, near De la Mar, is ono
sheet of flames and illuminates the coun
try for miles around.
"Military March" was the opening num
ber and prepared every one for popular
musical numbers to follow. This popular
programme contained Mendelsshon's over
ture, "Fingal's Cave": Nlcolai's overture.
"Merry Wives of Windsor"; Glazonow's
swinging concert waltz, op. 47; Waldteu
fel's waltz, "A Summer Night"; rich por
tions of Wagner's "Tannhauser," "Lo
hengrin" and the beautiful "Flying
Dutchman," and Victor Herbert's mag
nificently arranged "American Fantasy,"
which brought the audience to its feet.
Scheel was applauded again and again.
His direction of the orchestra waa per
fect.
Citizens of De La Mar and Copper
City Fight to Save Their
Homes.
FOREST FIRE THREATENS
TWO MOUNTAIN TOWNS
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 9.— The board of
managers of the Southern California
State Hospital at Patton. which has been
in session two days investigating charges
of alleged cruelty to patients, misappli
cation of funds and loose buslnes*
methods in the administration of asylum
affairs, completed its work to-night. The
report of the board, which was agreed to
after a long executive session, declares
that the charges cf cruelty and misman
agement are not supported.
As to the use of apomorphia. as a
means of punishment, the board finds
that it has been used to excess at tlmen
and it has passed a rule forbidding its us«
in future for the purpose of subduing vio
lent patients.
An order has also been made requiring
that all money sent to patients be placed
in the treasury immediately upon receipt
aiid that all other money be placed in the
treasury by the "th of each month.
Board of Managers of Southern Cali
fornia State Hospital Makes
Its Report.
CHARGES OF CRUELTY
ARE NOT SUPPORTED
Judge King, in an impassioned speech,
alluded to President Roosevelt as a
"grand-stand player" and a "colossal
egotist." He said that while Mr. Roose
velt professed to oppose the trusts, he
was doing all he could to promote an
asset currency scheme for the benefit of
the banks. He charged Mr. Roosevelt
with professing religion and doing all
in his power to encourage war and fast
en the chains of militarism on the nation.
He made a prophecy in which h'e said
Cleveland and Bryan would be found to
gether after the next national conven
tion in stern opposition to Republican
policies.
CHICAGO, Sept. 9.— Former Congress
man William H. King, son-in-law of
Apostle Francis Lyman, heir apparent
to the Mormon throne, made a savage at
tack on President Roosevelt at a meeting
held to-day. •
Judge King Speaks of Mr. Boose
volt as a "Grand-Stand f \
Player."
MORMON" MAKES BITTER
ATTACK irPON PRESIDENT
„ CHICAGO, Sept. 9.— Sir Thomas Upton,
who runs a packing house at the stock
yards In addition to his tea business in
London, to provide funds for the operation
of the Shamrock?, has, according to
stories told in the provision trade, been
caught short in lard and ribs. His house
has been a buyer In the markets for near
ly a week, and the price has been on rise.
The power of the Armour and Swift In
terest has been felt for several days. They
control the stock of lard and meats as it
is necessary for their enormous trade.
Short sellers, who have been pounding
the price down for months, have reached
their limit. For nearly a week, the price
has been moving upward, and to-day there
was an advance of nearly $1 a barrel in
pork, 25 to 35 cents in lard, and 25 to 35
cents in short ribs. Lard has advanced
nearly {6 a tierce since the low point in
July and is now selling about $9 per 100
pounds. One-third of the lard stock of
tHe country is held by the SwifVs here.
LJpton bought more than 1,000,000 pounds
of ribs and about its equivalent in lard
to-day and was one of the factors in mak
ing the advance.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
When a maid tried to enter his room
she found the door locked, and called the
head porter, James Guthrie, who forced
an entrance. The, body was removed to
the Mercer street police station and the
Coroner Is making an investigation.
A torn envelope was found which, when
pieced together, sfeemed to be addressed
to either C. E. or E. E. Chapin, 33G Cen
tral avenue, San Francisco. .
. Sharp had cut his name from the band
inside his derby hat and from the well
worn wallet which was found . in his
pocket, containing 1200 in 120 bills. His
traveling bag contained personal effects
of good material. His clothing was of the
best and of fashionable cut. He was of
good appearance, about 30 years old and
weighed 180 pounds. _.
The man's last message was written on
a lea£ of a pamphlet advertising' a patent
ice cream freezer. The words looked as
if they had been penned after drinking
the fatal draught.
NEW YORK, Sept 9.— "Falling health—
suicide — Nemo," ; scribbled on a piece of
paper. , a grlass that had contained car
bolic add and a new, fully loaded revol
ver were found in the room of a man who
committed suicide to-day in the Broadway
Central Hotel. The man had registered
as "James E. Sharp, San Francisco." It
Is believed he had Intended to shoot him
self, but decided on poison as an easier
means of i death. He had taken every
possible precaution to prevent hla Iden
tity becoming known. The police of the
Mercer-street station obtained a San
Francisco directory and found therein the
name, "J. Everett Sharp, clerk of Jus
tices' Court. No. 1728 Golden Gate ave
nue."
Little could be learned of the man at
the hotel, where he registered last Mon
day and was assigned to. a room on the
seventh floor. He made no friends, so
far as was 'known, and told no one his
business. He seemed to have plenty of
money and to be here on a pleasure trip.
Special Dispatch to Tho Call.
Compelled to Buy Heavily on
a Steadily Rising
Market.
Takes Every Possible Pre
caution to Oonoeal His
Identity.
Registers in New York
Hotel as James E.
Sharp.
Owner of Shamrocks Is
Caught "Short"
in Lard.
BAD SPECULATION
FOR SIR THOMAS
SAN FRANCISCAN
DIES A SUICIDE
THE 5AK FHAUCI5UO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1903.
In this city of San Jose, more than fifty
years aro. without the wait of Territorial -no
vitiate, the people of California, represented
by men from all climes and countries, of all
classes and of all shades of relltfons and po
litical thought, Initiated and put into active
life the State Government we have to-day
and which will endure as a mark of the abil
ity and hardy honesty of its originators so Ions
as republican form of government has a place
in the hearts of men. ran any praise of yours
or mine be adequate or necessary to honor the
California pioneer men and women? Can we
add one cubit to the shaft by all that we can
fay? Can monument or obelisk be grander or
more eulogistic than is CaFfomla. a State in
the fullness of tier prime and beauty, an cn-
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
As prescribed by a law
•nacted by the last Legislature
he State Board of Commis-
ioners in Optometry has is-
|**ued certificates to the under-
igned firms, entitling them
nd their employes to practice
he fitting of spectacles and
yeglasses :
GEO. H. 3££.&Zr,
201 Kearay St.
KE2TBY KAEXT ft CO.
(The Ocnlarlnm),
643 Market St.
UOGITE OPTICAL CO.,
211 FOtt St.
EXBSCH ft IT A TSTrR.
7 Kcaray St.
STASDAED OFTXCAI. CO.,
217 Kearay St.
BEBTEZ.XZrCt OPTICAL CO,
16 Ecarny St.
I ASZELL ft JO2TES OPTICAL CO.,
243 Great Ave.
7HXXrXT-BEB£TTA OPTICAL CO.,
S91 Market St.
CALZFOBHXA OPTICAL CO.,
!207 Kearay St.
7ben you buy a ioc package
»inger, which would yoi
er have: ioc of good gin
or 2c of ginger, a pinch o
pepper and 8c of some fii
hen buy Schilling's Best.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Cash treatment
without
cash\.
Furniture, carpets, curtains
rThis is the proposition: You want to fur-
nish a home. You haven't enough ready cash
to pay in full when the goods are delivered,
-lence you're compelled to buy "on time." Yet
you dislike trading in an out-and-out install-
ment store. How are you going to get the
easy - payment accommodation and still buy
your goods in one of the big first-class stores?
We offer you the way.
We loan you the money, charging simply
the regular banking rate of interest — six per
cent. You go then to one . of the big, first-
class furniture stores where the stock is big
and fresh, and where satisfaction is certain;
and when you have made your selections pay
your bill in good, hard cash.
The installment stores charge you ten per
cent above their cash prices for time. All yott
pay us is six per cent. The actual saving to
you is FOUR PER. CENT.
For instance: If your purchases amount to
$100.00 we will charge you $106.00— which is a
six per cent advance ; then you pay us $20.00
cash and the balance in monthly payments
amounting to $8.60 each month. If your pur-
chases amount to $75.00 we will charge yon
$79-5° » y ou rnakc us a cash payment on this
of $15.00 and pay the balance at the easy rate
of $645 per month.
Investigate this — it will pay you.
o — —
Gould, Sullivan Co.
Suite 1403-05 "Call" Building, ££?&
ADVERTISEMENTS. % " '"
There is only One (fSpSI^
Genuine- Syrtlp of FigS, V JNlfi
The Genuine is Manufactured by the /^f^fe^^S
California Fig Syrup Co. Wl^S^P
The full name of the company, California Figf Syrup Co., W^-P^^^^^^^i
la printed on the front of cv&ry package of tho gonulne. /'^^^S^^W^^^
The Genuine^ Syrup of Figs- is for Sale, in Original S^fefl^H
Packages Only, by Reliable Druggists Everywhere KS&^.£:iil
Knowing the above will enabk one to avoid the fraudulent Imita- SS^SwM^^
lions made by piratical concerns and sometimes offered by unreliable
dealers. The imitations are known to act injuriously and should v-.^V -- y 'J.% I I
Buy the genuine always if you wish to get its beneficial effects. fS^^ffil f§
It cleanses the system gently yet effectually, dispels colds and headaches ¦ $ 1
when bilious or constipated, prevents fevers and acts best on the ¥ll?^ffiii ?i
kidneys, liver, stomach and bowels, when a laxative remedy is needed 11^^-sip ill
by men, women or children. Many millions know of its beneficial J^/iilllifsl
effects from actual use and of their own personal knowledge. It is the //$?'/ Hi -i^^^'l
Always buy the Genuine- Syrup of Figs V?®? J F$^ A*S$
MANUFACTURED BY THE
LouiSYille.Ky ' tfewrork. H.x±j$g:
a^ Mm . WJCB HFTT CENTS PER- aOTTIB '*..'&$?&
?*¥ _ _ ¦ ¦ _ "'vfta
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PROMINENT PHYSICIANS
USE AND ENDORSE PE-RU-NA.
C B. Chamberlln. M. D.. writes from S*
14th and P Sta.. Washington. D. C:
Many cases have come under my U '.jy/gifl
observation where Peruna has bene- I^V^^^^^?^**^ 1^?::
fited and cured. Therefore, I cheer- : V':.'.'-.v»-*\-! : . : .':V'/.vX^
fully recommend it for catarrh and a
general tonic."— C. B. Chamber/in,
Medical Examiner V. S. Treasury. #^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Dr. Llewellyn Jordan, Medical Ex-
aminer of U. S. Treasury Department, .^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
1 1 v^ - (| month has ~~^*^* _ ~~
J Dr. L, Jordan. # brought forth a ==
• • • • • • • • « vast change and $>=5??!^§i§===§S~========
I now consider myself a well man after ?^~ > £"~ > sgb^
months of suffering. Fellow-sufferers, 1 *- -^
Peruna will cure, you." — Dr. Llewellyn J$^MB^j^JSj»EJpj~ "
Geo. C. Havener, M. D.. of Anacostia, "^:r:^= - -^^p._
D. C, writes: g^r-'-^-if*^ '
'The Peruna Medicine Co., Columbus. O.: 'v. $^z^=zzzzi zz=: ~Z^=^^£
! Gentlemen — "In my practice I have —^~^
! had occasion to- frequentlly prescribe "*'~ \£s^--- r -=== : S=b— -— -— f^=r
| your valuable medicine, and have found - i.rCl ' " "** i^ig'~ __3^
: its use beneficial, especially in cases of
i catarrh." — George C. Havener, M. D. l^^SziSlci \\w^8
Catarrh is a systemic disease curable -ggg^EZ^SKjjV. \v^**I
only by systemic treatment. A remedy $3?>i^-^mlSKW vxtl
that cures catarrh must aim directly at USc^^/wwbKrKfcw >y>>
the depressed nerve centers. This Is i^^^^^&^g^^SSStsj^^Xj^Lj^!'^!
Peruna cures catarrh wherever lo- A^5^^3^^^* Sr^^^^^^^^^^
cated. Peruna is not a guess nor an ige*-g<^^-^-y«a ka//^>^pg^
experiment — it is an absolute scientific i
certainty. Peruna has no substitutes —
no rivals. Insist upon having Peruna. m f^m f •»
If you do not receive prompt and satis- f rK f A *O/r> r\OW1 n
factory results from the use of Peruna. \**£»S*\rJ l*JJ*IJJ*Z* Hi I
write at one to Dr. Hartman, giving a /+?/)/)/? IA/J3SA4tMf*TClN D C
full statement of your case, and he will /YM.Qr lYStJrf/fV ft ' UfV W~
be pleased to give you his valuable ad- V J
vice gratis. 4^^— — — —¦—¦¦—^>^
Address Dr. Hartman, President of P*^WEM\ffl7H7B*' •"5B3TO7LMk.tT^
The Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus. I 9 iMLiLsr^ —>muwqift J^ 3
Ohio. *^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^* mm^^^r^Daphne Direct Wins First and Sac
ond Money.
FAVORITES ALL WIN.
SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling:
BettinR. Horse, "Weight Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to 1 — Gus Lanka. 1C3 (Birkenr) 6 4 .1.2
12 to 1 — King Rose, 111 (Louden). 4 2 21
0 to 1— Requisition. 110 (Sheehan) 8 7 3 h
Time, 1:22%. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner G. Lanka"u bay colt by Huron-Lone Prin
cess. Stub 103. Budwelser 102 Gowdy 08. The
Advocate 106, Class Leader 107. Lacache 103,
Rurallst 103. Brookston 103, also ran.
FIFTH RACE— One mile; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 1— Uranium, 00 (Shea) 1 1 1 C
5 to 1— Aules. 107 (Sheehan) 2 2 2 1.
15 to 1 — Exapo. 92 (Livingston) ... 7 4 3 15
Time. 1:5014. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner H. Dernham's chestnut colt by Lamp
lighter-Elsie B. Miss Gollghtly 108. Lynch
108. El Caney 106. Cardigan 105, Judge Towner
08, also ran.
Time, 1:57*4. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. O. C Bennett & Co's chestnut colt by
LampIIghter-Llttle Indian. Joe Lener 101,
Doeskin 95. also ran.
FOURTH RACE— Eleven-sixteenths of a
mile; purse:
BettlriK. Horae. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 5— Little Scout. 107 (Sheehan) 12 13
T3 to 1— Slddons, 104 (Birkenruth) 5 5 2 2
0 to 5— Jordan 107 (Austin) 4 4 3n
THIRD RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
purse:
Bettinsr. Horse, Welirht. Jockey. St. «4 Fin.
4 to 1 — Potter, 108 (Blrkenruth) . . 4 1 1 nk
5 to 1 — WalnutHlII 108 (Sheehan) 14 2 3
20 to 1— Don O"Hl(?h. 106 (Wallace) 6 8-310
Time. 1:15%; Start good. Won driving.
Winner E. S. Gardner's bay colt by Masetto-
Porcelaln. Freeborn 305, Woods Perry 100,
St Noel 105. Major Carpenter 108. W, P.
Palmer 105. Allegrette 105. Billy Jackson 105,
also ran. >
SECOND RACE — Six and a half furlonga;
purse:
Hetting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
2 to 1— Allyar, 117 (Louden) 1 1 In
3 to 2— Falkland, 82 (C. Davis)... 2 2 28
7 to 2— Town Moor, 38 (Perkins) 4 3 3 15
Time, 1:29V4. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. T. R. Madden" a chestnut horse by
Himyar-Aileen Arorr. Duke Dashaway 103,
also ran.
Dusty Miller, a eon of Montana, won
the opening event without effort, going
to the post at 25 to 1. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; purse.
Betting. Horse. Weight. JocKfy. St. V*
25 to 1 — Dusty Miller. 108 (MCarty)ll 7 11
8 to 1— Lampadrone. 108 (Calvlt). 1 2 2 h
8 to 1 — Judpe Benton. 108 (Blrkn) 8 C 3>4
Time, . l:0!H&. Start good. Won handily.
Winner. P. Shcridan'8 chestnut colt by Mon
tana-What Not. Carbon 105 Leach 103, Ban
dlllo 108 Marber 108. Wigwam 108, Nellie
Cromwell 105 Black Enough 105. Laumay
108 Little Pirate 108. Mlllbrook 108 also ran.
ST. LOyiS, Sept. 9.-The track at
Delmar Park was in miserable con
dition to-day, owing to heavy rains,
and the mudders had everything their
own way. Little Scout won the one and
a sixteenth mile purse event In easy fash
ion. He was heavily played at 8 to 5
and the talent put a big crimp In the
bookmakers' rolls when he won.
By the New York Telegraph.
First race — Eleanor Howard, Loca,
Fonspray.
Second race— Foxy Grandpa, Sweet
Note, Frank Collins.
Third race — Ailyar, Kitty O,
Broodier.
Fourth race — Imboden, Old Stone,
Dr. Cartledge.
Fifth race — Dotty Shute, Tom
Crabb, Dave Sommers.
Sixth, race — Ida Fenzance, Peat,
Satin Coat.
DELMAR SELECTIONS.
07. Water Tower 100. N>arest 97, Blstilui 87.
Tom Crabb 97. Tom Collins 105.
Sixth race, one and an eighth miles, selling —
Pay the FiJdler 101. Hucena 06. Chlckasha 8«.
Dawson 101, Peat 104. Kentucky Cardinal 98,
Satin Coat 00, Brown Vail 96. Glnspray 104.
Ida Penzance 10?. Little Lois 09. The Way
107, Larry Wilt 1M.
Dusty Miller, a Son of Montana, Wins Opening Race
Handily, Going to the Post at 25 to 1.
LONG SHOT SUCCESSFUL
ON DELMAR PARK TRACK
The telephone can no longer be legally
used by German physicians !n dictating
prescriptions to druggists, because of the
chances d Xatal misunderstandings.
CLEVELAND. Ohio. Sept. 5.— If the
weather is favorable and the Glenville
track is in pood condition Saturday after
noon Lou Dillon will trot an exhibition
mile to a high-wheeled sulky in an at
tempt to lower the record of 2:Q&% made
by Maud S a number of years sjjo.
Lou Dillon to Try for Record.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 9.— It is an
nounced to-day that H. E. Huntington
will soon move to New York City and will
hereafter make his headquarters In that
city. Huntington has made Los " An
geles his home while engaged in perfect
ing his system of electric roads in South
ern California; but now that the .nucleus
of the system has been completed and
many extensions planned, he will leave
the management of the lines to the of
ficials in charge.
Near Tlverton. Devonshire, England,
there Is to be seen a blackbird with a
white bead and speckled ttack.
Huntington to Live in New York.
To-morrow will be Governor's day at
the track. Governor Pardee and staff
will be present and the card arranged is
an. unusually fetching one. Besides the
etallion stake, DIvina, the California rec
ord holder at a mile', will meet Hager
don, Horatius and Step Around.
F. E. MULHOLLAND.
SUMMARY.
2:12 class, pacing, mile heat*, two In three:
MarsTarctta. blk m. by Dlrect-Itosetta A
(Wright) 1 1
Jonesa Bawler (Walton).... >. 4 2
Penrose (W. Maslin) ..'. o 5
Colonel Smith (W. S. Baben) 3 4
I3anker'e Daughter (B. Croner)..,, 5 3
Time, 2:12H, 2:13.
2:17 class pacing, three In five; purse $500:
Ben F. b. g. by Bradtmoor, dam by
Stelnway (Chadbourne) 1 t j
Miss Georgle (Cecil) 2 2 2
Ira (Mabcn) 3 3 4
Munroe S (Zibble) 4 5 w
Cuckoo (Ltesrett) •. « 4 3
Alcndalfs ¦ (Hoy) 5 c 5
Time. 2:10. 2:1O'.4. 2:12.
Running — Five furlongs, selling, purse $225
— Doris, ch. f. by Crlghton-Folly. 109 (Tul
let) 11 to 0. won; Eva D. 10!) (Chandler) 3 to
1, second; Dr. Birdsall. 112 (See) 4 to 5.
third. Time. 1:01%. Hope Morgan, Honoma
and Ruvla also ran.
, Five furlongs, selling, parse J223 — Meteors.
Jockey Has a Hard Fall at Buffalo
Meet '
BUFFALO, Sept.. 9.— Jockey Helgerson
had a terrible fall at Kenilworth Park
and serious results are feared from the
shock "be sustained. He had the mount
of Miss McMeekln, favorite for the maid
fn 2-year-old event. He was making his
run fn the stretch when the field closed
together and his mount stumbled. Hel- ;
serson went to the track bard and was
unconscious for an hour. He recovered
p.s the races closed and was removed to
the general hospital.
HELGEBSON INJUSED.
MARYSVILL.E, Sept. 9. — Gwendoline
Gilman, the two-year-old daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. Frank Gilman Jr. of this city,
is lying at death's door as a result of
swallowing a quantity of carbolic acid
this forenoon. According to the parents'
story, the child was playing around the
house when she found a half-filled bottle
of carbolic acid that had fallen from a
shelf to the floor. T^ie little one drank
some of the contents and as the burning
liquid touched her lips and throat she
screamed and fled to her mother. Medi
cal assistance was summoned and every
effort made to save the life of the child.
For hours she has remained in an uncon
scious state, and It is not believed she can
live.
Finds Half -Filled Bottle That Had
Fallen to Floor and Tries
Its Contents.
CHILD DBTNKS DEADLY
ACID AND MAY DIE
Sixth race, stallion stake— H. I* Frank 123,
Dr. Rowell 113. Dr. Birdsall 112, Zenonlan
113, Eva D 110. Instructor 113.
Seventh race, three-quarters of a mile, sell
ing — j t S 110, Jack Richelieu Jr. 116, Mounte
bank 114 Iras 102, Cambaceres 116, The Miller
111. Myrtle H 103. Ultruda 116.
Elphth race, one mile, three-yeajvolds and
up— for. Shorb 112, Malplaquet 109, Mlsa Vlra
109, Dwlght Way 112. Dark Secret 112, Bill
f oung 112, Chanano 112.
Ninth race, one mile, handicap — Chileno 100,
Kitty Kelly 105, Illowaho 116, Constellator 104.
Solon 116.
Second race, flve-eiRhth» of a mile, selling: —
Tom Mitchell 10S, Quldado 112, Blandura 109,
Miss Dividend 109. Nellie May 109, Honduran
112. Light Braid 109.
Third race, one mile, handicap — DIvina 114,
HaRerdon 10S, Horatius 107, Step Around 85.
Fourth race, flve-eUhtha of a mile, gelling —
Annie Marie 94, Hercules 117. Metlakatla 94,
Bklrmlah 114. Skip Me 114. Maresa 114.
Fifth race, Governor's handicap — Grafter 106,
DIvina 110.
First race, trot, 2:17 class — What Is It, Po-
I«ro. Itoeell. Verona, Hank, Lady Rowena, Ole,
Zambra.
ENTBIES FOB THUBSDAY.
Third race — Ishlana, Pulsus,
Valour. v
Fourth race — I«onora Loring',
Highball, Young Henry.
Fifth race — Carbuncle, Gold Bell,
Himself.
Sixth race — Castalian, Past, Ernest
Parhaxn.
First race— Bob Boy, Bed Light,
Hylas.
Second race — Jocund, Race King,
Adbell.
Kixth race, one end a Flxteenth miles on turf,
prlllnc— Stonewall 109. Man' Worth 105. Tribes
Hill 113. June Holly lor.. Choate 10S. Lord Ad
vocate id". Ernest Parham 107. Castalian 98,
Thp Fpincter !>1, Dokabor !W5, Carroll D 10.1.
Ffdltion 10». Conundrum 105, Ella Snyder 91.
Va.Pt ICO. Athelroy J»6. IlarrlFon 100.
SHEEPSHEAD BAY SELECTIONS.
By the tCew York Telejrraph.
S*»eond rare, one mile, all tlges — Mohican 84,
Adbpll K». Moharib M. High Chancellor 107,
Jocund S4. Ad Us 104. Race King 89.
Third race, fix furlonjrs on main track, han
cicap. two-year-old.-^ — I'ulsus 123, Turquoise
Hlue 117. Adbtll 117. Divination 118, Katts 113,
Vclr>ur 112, Wotan 112, Luxembourg 112. Gra-
EtaUa 130, M«w!o 1OC«. Ishlana 108, Rain or
Phlno 10S, Topic 107. Juvenal Maxim 107. Tom
mi 100. Ilavcn 105. Jacquin 102. Brlar
thorpe 100. /
Fourth race. The Flight, seven furlongs of
Futurity course — Alabarch 110, Hiph Chan
cellor 10S. Plater 110, Yellowtail 118, Shot
pun 113. Hifrnhall 105, Young Henry 112. Leo
liora L/orlng 107.
Fifth race, one and a quarter mile*, handi
cap — Charawind 112. Mocn Daisy 112. Himself
111 Ixird Badce 10*5, Carbuncle 10S, Gold
I$e!l 105.
First rac<\ maiflcn t wo- y Par-olds, selling, five
and a half furlonirs of Kuturity course — Clytie
1W;. IJonnellv 107. Orddell J(>4. Belle or B^lle
I.leade 304. Itob Hoy J««. Dukedom 105, Purple
Iris 104, Hiphwind 1C3, Carmelita 8'.». Orient
JOtt, nag Ornrrr 107. Ostrich 112. Huapala
VS. Itodl'.pht 10(5, Telephone 102. Hjias 104,
Gar,an<>srue 104. Kadp lw. f=n«H?r !»9, San Romo
ML J-Vrnrock 102, Misr Melton 34.
tCEW YORK, Pert. 9.— Sh?er*head Bay en
tries:
SHEEFSHEAD BAY ENTRIES.
Only four started in the first six furlong
run. The gray horse Gold Scratch was
made an eleven to ten favorite. See got
him away well, leading to the paddock,
where he was passed and defeated with
ease by BI Piloto, the three to one. third
choice. Iras disposed of Piratical for
show honors. Tullett put another winner
over In the six furlong affair next decid
ed. He had the mount on Legal Maxim,
which was played down from threes to
three to two favoritism. - After Dusty
Rhodes had played his string out he won
without effort. Dug Martin came from
far back, beating Dusty Rhodes for the
place.
Another small field went to the post In
the last number, a mile selling run. Da
vid S with Chandler up was a four to
five favorite and. leading throughout, won
handily from Mountebank and The Miller
in 1:40*4.
There was nothinc to It but the favor
ite from the start. Bozeman got the mare
away In front, and she won buckjumplng
from Nellie May and Miss Dividend.
Ike Tullett. on Doris, landed the' five
furlong scramble for 2-year-olds. The
only one to give him an argument at the
close was Eva D. The four to five favorite
Dr. Birdsall displayed regular bush form,
finishing third. A cheap bunch of platers
lined up in the five furlong event which
followed, with Meteora running a three to
two choice.
SA.CRAMENTO, Sept. 9.-As the State
Agricultural Society offered no
special attraction for Admission
day, the attendance at Agricultural Park,
while large was somewhat disappointing.
Favorites captured five of the seven
events decided. Frank Wright, behind
his mare Margaretta, took the special
pace for horses of the 2:12 class. She sold
an even money chofce over the field and
as Jonesa Basler did not seem up to
much, won in two straight heats.
Ben F, the twenty to four favorite, over
the field for the 2:17 pace, stepped the
first heat In 2:10 flat. Miss Georgia, which
forced him out, could go nearly that fast
if paced by an automobile^ — posibly a bit
faster. Even so, Ben made it three
straight and Miss Georgia thrice finished
second. It Is to be regretted Cecil behind
the latter mare did not make his drive
sooner in the last heat or she might have
won. Cuckoo did better In the third than
in anv of the preceding heats.
Six furlongs, selling; purse $225— Legal
Maxim b. r. by Bassetlaw-Mlss Maxim. 112
(Tullett) 3 to 2. won; Dug Martin. Ill (Cross
thwaite) 7 to 1. second; Dusty Rhodes. 91
(Chandler) 8 to 1, third. Time, 1:15^. Mamie.
Hamar and Pat Bulger also ran. Loyal S
left at post.
On© mile, selling; purse $225 — David 8, b. g.
by Mldlothla.n-Tulluda, 112 (Chandler) even,
won; Mountebank. 112 (Frawley) 2Vi to 1,
second; The Miller. 112 (Hlldebrand) 2 to 1.
third. Tlme^ — 1:4OV4. Dr. Sharb and Limber
Jim plflo ran.
Six furlonfra. selling; purse $225 — El Piloto,
br. g. by Gano-Claudlmore, 114 (Frawley) 2
to 1. won; Gold Scratch, 114 (See) even, sec
ond; Iras. 106 (Chandler) 9 to 5. third. Time,
1:14. Piratical also ran.
ch. m. by Magnet-Laura O'Connor, 109 (Boze
man) 3 to 2. won; Nellie May 109 (Chandler)
3 to 1, second; JIIbb Dividend. 109 (Frawley)
3 to 1. third. Time. 1:01. Isabellita. Mal
rlaquet. Ligrht Braid, Little Gun and Little
Secret also ran.
Ben F Steps a Fast Mile at the State Fair and
Defeats Miss Georgie Cleverly.
As there was $3000 and a silver trophy
wagered on the outcome of the match
it was claimed Mr. Plagemann showed a
lack of sportsmanship in not putting his
fortunes to the test on the track.
Dolador, driven by J. O'Kane, went
over the course in 2:29 without a skip.
The Judges then announced him as win
ner of the match.
The first race on the programme, the
three-minute class, was won in straight
heats by M. M. Donnelly's Old Guy,
driven by J. Culcello. The fastest mile
was done in 2:38.
The 2:25 class was won by J. O'Kane's
Sandow after ho had finished fourth in
the second heat. The first heat was won
by Bandow by half a length after a fierce
drive through the stretch with A. F.
Jacobs' Mack. The first half-mile was
negotiated in 1:09%.
Sandow fbroke badly after passing the
quarter-mile pole In the second heat.
Delia McCarthy and Mack then fought it
out to the wire, the former getting the
verdict by a neck. Sandow won the third
heat and the race by a neck from Delia
McCarthy, the latter coming with a rush
in the last eighth which nearly landfed
her a winner.
The 2:30 class was spoiled owing to a
portion of the harness on Victor giving
away Just after the start of the second 1
heat. He had won the first heat easily.
The other starters In the second heat
continued their journey around the cir
cuit. James de la Montanya's Ivy, driven
by J. Cuicello, won easily. "Victor started
in the third heat under protest. He broke
at the quarter and cut no figure in the
race thereafter.
President Algeltlnger entertained a par
ty of friends hospitably during the day,
tile trip to the track and return being
made in a special car. S'
The officers of the meeting were:
Judges — W. Simpson. O. I* Swett and 1*
Richardson; starter, R. Ledgett; timers — A. B.
Spreckels, I. B. Dalzlei and T. Crowley; mar-
Rhal, John Holland; racing secretary, Fred W.
Thompson. Summary: .
Three-minute class:
Old Guy (J. Culcello) 1 1
Miss Washington (D. Mizner) 2 2
Fred T (Goodfellow). 3 3
Time— 2:46, 2:88. ;
2:25 class: .
Sandow (J. O'Kane) 14 1
Delia 1 McCarthy (J. Doran) 3 1 2
Mack (A. P. Jacobs) 2 2 3
Ethel H (J. M. Eva).../ 4 3 4
Time— 2:21%. 2:22H, 2:21%.
2:30 class:
ivy (J. Culcello) .'.' 2 11
Lafayette (M. M. 'Donnelly) 3 2 2
Victor (V. Verllhac) 1 dls
Time— 2:30%, 2:82%, 2:31%.
Match race: Edward Algeltlnger's Dolador
a walkover. Time by quarters — 30, 1:16,. 1:52,
• ' ¦ ? » —
BALTIMORE, Sept. 9.— The British steamer
Ettrlckdale, Captain McKenzIe. bound from
Dalquler for Baltimore, which went ashore in
the channel yesterday afternoon, was towed
off by a tuff and arrived in port to-day, ap-
Isarently uninjured.
THE matinee races of the Golden
Gate Park Driving Association
held yesterday at Tanforan race
course attracted many friends of the
clever speedway drivers. They also at
tracted many persons interested In the
development of the light harness horse,
which seems gaining In popular favor.
The choicest bit on the programme, the
match race between Edward Aljreltlng
er's Dolador and F. Plagemann's Gen
eral Vallejo, resulted In a walkover for
the former. This was a great disappoint
ment to the spectators, as an exciting
contest was expected. Mr. Plagemann
moved his horse from Tanforan track
at 11 o'clock yesterday on the ground
that he had gone lame. Mr. Plagemann
came in for some sharp criticism from
the spectators. They said he should have
brought out his horse and had him ex
cused by the judges.
MARGARETTA IS FIRST
IN THE SPECIAL PACE
James O' Kane's Sandow
Is Returned Winner
of 2:25 Class.
FIXTH RACE — Selling; one and a sixteenth
miles; on turf:
Uettlnir. H-r«e, Wcipht. Jockey. St. % Fin.
» to 10 — Wi!d Tbyme.C9 (Redfrn) 1114
15 to 1— Pwamplands,103 (Michls) 2 4 2 3
»• to 1— Kalif. 113 (O'Neill) 4 6 33
Time. 1 :4» 4-5. Start fair. Won oapily.
Winner. J. A. Miller's b. f. by Ben Brush-
Ho*e. The Rival ICC. Ta^ret 103, Boutonnlere
IO, also ran.
Tim*. 1 :4O 2-r>. Start Ftra*rsling. Won driv
ing. Winner. J. F. Schorr's b. n. by Orna
xnent-Prrimenade. Erbe P", Carbuncle Io3,
Ethlrg mi. Ringdove 97. Karly Eve PS, Mrllle
Qeyton 93, Captain Galnes !««. Guy Park.KiO,
Scmerset 1>6, S>cd'.tion 105, Lord StcrliCK 10&,
also ran.
FIFTH 11ACE— Sellir-r; mile:
IVttlr.R. Horse. V.'eight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
16 to 5— Stroller. 104 (Fischer) 2 11%
13 to 5 — King IVrrxr.KW (Holmes) 4 2 2 3
£0 to 1 — Sir Roche. !(«> (Rcdington) 8 7 3 *i
FOtTRTH RACE — The Omnium handicap;
one and an eighth miles:
Betting. Horae, Weight. Jockey. Ft. 8 i Fin.
4 tj 1— His Eminence, 'J4 <Hlggins) 6 1 ! h
4 to 1— Proper, it* (Rpdfera) 2 4 2 2»4
5 to 1— Kusenia Burch.103 (Fuller) 4 5 34
Time. 1 :Z>2 l-r>. Start good. Won driving:.
Winner, <J. B. Hill's b. h. t>v Falsetto-Patron
• !-f. Himself 95, Molly Brant IOC, Yellow Tail
10S, also ran.
Time, 1:13. Start poor. Won handily. Win
ner. J R. Kerne's br. c. by Trcnton-St. Mil
dred. Montana King 113, Gallant 122, The
Southerner K'7. Dlmpla 104, Sonoma Ilclle 108,
Tin; Payne 112, also ran.
THIRD RACE— The Autumn stakes for two
vear-o!d?; fix furlorifs. on Futurity course:
Batting. Bone. Weight, Jockey. St. % Kin.
IS to 1 — Knijrht Errant. 108 (Gan) 1112
T to 1— Bobudil. 112 (Fuller) 5 T 2h
7 to I — Mt-rcury, Jy7 •Redf'-rn). . . 4 <i 3 2'j
SECOND RACES — Steeplechase; the Oakdale
Cup; Remlemen riders; about two and a halt
niiles: „
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
2 to 1— Tankard. 162 (Mr. Hayes) 2 112
t* to S — Howdy. 17o (Mr. Clark).. 4 2 2 l>i
12 to 1— Ivan. IS* <Mr. rage> 1 4 ;t 4
Time, .'. :22. Start good. Wen easily. Win
ner. T. Hitchcock Jr.'s br. g. by King Mida.s-
Kpergme. Uaryi 152, lianillan 145. Woodpig
eun 1C3. also ran.
Moantime Jim Kelly, upon which Red
fern had the mount, won by a half dozen
lenpth.s. Shortly after passing the .fin
ish the colt was set?n to falter and Red
fern, fearing the racer was about to fall,
jumped off. It was said that many traln
ors standing near the spot at which Jim
Kflly faltered heard a bone snap. A
veterinary said that the colt fractured
the scsamoid bone and ruptured the In
ferior seramcid ligaments. He can never
race again, but may be saved for breed
ing purposes. He was valued at JIO.OOO.
The Autumn Stake was captured by
ICnight Errant, an outsider in the bet
ting. Summary:
FIRtfT HACK— Polling: for two-year-olds;
live and a half furlongs; on Futurity course:
netting. Horse. Wt-ight. Jockey. St. «* Fin.
7 to 2— Jim Kelly, 1^5 aiedfern).. 1114
h to 1— Yo Fan. 102 (!>>Souza>.. .. 2 3 2 1^
T to 2 — lieath Beach. 105 (Fuller). 3 2 3 1^
Time. 1 a.»1 2-6. Start bad. Won easily.
Winner. K. A. Jones' b. c. by Dr. MacBiiile-
A!al>ana Auremastor 108, Mord?!la 102. Mo
net 110. Shortcake 102. RaWer 102. Handsome
Klirry 107. Hob Murphy IOj. Ballet Io7. llont
julier 110, Sliver Days 110, Vagary 1^2, also
ran.
SHEEPSHEAD BAY. Sept. »— Young
Charles McCarrerty, son of the
well known turfman, was taken
to a hospital this afternoon suffering
from a brokea lejr. the result of being
carried Into the fence rail soon after the
start In the first rare of the Coney Island
Jockey Cub. The Jockey had the mount
on Vagary, which showed much temper
on her way to the starting point. Vagary
mn to the last furlong pole and then
McCaXfercy, almost swooning with pain,
was assisted Into the patrol Judge's
wagon and taken to the Jockey room,
¦whore an- examination showed that his
ihiph bone was broken-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Colt Jim Kelly Breaks
Down After Winning' •
a Purse.
Jockey McCafferty Sus
tains Serious Injury at
Sheepshead.
ACCIDENT
TO RIDER
IN A RACE
MATCH RACE AT TANFORAN RESULTS IN WALKOVER
FOR EDWARD AIGELTINGER'S TROTTER, DOLADOR
BRACKETS
FOR BEAU
ORMONDE
Big California Gelding
Surprises Talent
at Harlem.
Wins Rather Handily in
Going Not to His
Liking.
HORSES SEEN IN ACTION YESTERDAY AT THE MATINEE RACES AT TANFORAN RACE COURSE
Special Dispatch to. The Call.
CHICAGO. Sept. 3.— Although no
special feature was on the card
at Harlem to-day the races wera
alt weU contested and the fields made up
of a good class of horses. Interest cen
tered In the third event at a mile. On
account of a rain which set in shortly
after the first race Beau Ormonde was
not given a chance and his price drifted
from 3 to 7 to 1. The bi«r California chest
nut fooled the talent by winning rather
handily after a hard drive tlftoush the
stretch with Colonial Girl.
The track was heavy and showers fail
throughout the afternoon. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Fiv« furlouKs; purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. *i Fin.
5 to 2 — Casclne. 108 (3. Bonner).. 3 6 11
8 to 5— Copperfleld. 108 (Knight).. 14 21
8 to 1 — J.P.May berry, 10S (Phllps) 4 6 3 2
Time. 1:012-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. Burn» & Waterhouae's ch. c. by
Colonel Wheeler-Early Rose. Blamenthal lof>.
Atlantico 105. Apple 100. Foresight 105. Touch
stone loS. Molly Daily lw, also ran.
SECOND RACE — Steeplechase; short coune;
handicap:
5 to 2— Eva Moe, 130 (Peters) 111 S'.i
9 to 2 — Falella. 142 (J. Johnson).. « 4 2 1
7 to 1 — tslap Dash, 126 (Morrison). 3 3 3 3O
Time. 3:35 Vs. Start fair. Won easliy.
Winner, J. S. Kratton'a ch. m. by King Eric-
Dutch Girl. Paulaker 13*. Limelight 130. also
ran. Indian II 15»> fell. Lingo 128 threw
rider. Demonland 125 pulled up.
THIRD RACE— Mile; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 1 — B. Ormonde. 96 (Phillips) 2 a Ink
8 to 1— Colonial Girl, 93 < Wilson) 5 12 7
15 to 1 — Dr. Stephens, 90 (Ferrell) 3 5 3 nk
Time. 1 :4O 3-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. Mrs. E. L. Kriin/s ch. h. by Or
monde-Miss Brunnell. Jack Ratlin 110,
Schwalbe 97. Bragg 100, Crestfallen 93, aUo
ran.
FOURTH RACE— Six and a half furlongs;
purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
» to 3 — Rockaway. 106 <Otls) 2 115
7 to 1 — Mayor D.S.Rose,95 (Knapp) s 4 u l' a
6 to 1 — Commodore, 105 (Wondrly) 5 2 3 3
Time. 1:22 4-5. i-tart good. Won in a can
ter. Winner, Burna & Waterhouse's ch. c.
by Altamax-Recreatlon. My Oem 92. Eva
Clalr 0* Justine Morel 92, Elwood 10©. Away
Right 02. also ran.
FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs: handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. V t Fin.
3 to 1 — Golden Rule. 102 (Adklns). 1 1 1 h
9 to 5 — Delagna. 110 (Wilson) 2 2 2 Vi
6 to 1 — Barrtolph, 95 (S. Bonner).. 4 3 S3 •
Time. 1:15 4-3. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. C. E. Durr.ell's ch. s. by Golden
Garter-Lucille Murphy. A. D. Gibson 115,
Percentum 96, also ran.
SIXTH RACE— Mile: selling:
Betting:. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «; Kin.
7 to 6 — Brush By. 00 (Wilson).... 2 3 12
8 to 1 — Boy Wonder. 07 (Ferrell).. R 1 23
4 to 1 — Mezzo, ©7 (Knapp) « 8 * nk
Time, 1 :43. Start good. Won easily Win
ner, S. C. Hlldreth's b. f. by Den Bruah-
Atala. Charlie Thompson 101, Jackful IT.
Little Mission 03. Fri\'ol 100. Dr.- Gurnsey 1(V5
Prodigality 86. Curate 107. Bluemlnt 100. also
ran.
HABIiEM ENTRIES.
CHICAGO. Sept. 0.— Harlem entries:
First race, five furlongs, selling— Lawndale
10*. Fox Lake 104. Henry Lyons 104, Requimis
10.1. Soldier of Fortune 103. Chockayotte 102,
Voila 100, Shaitan 100, Eugenie B 100. Cogncvl
men 08. Oeowal f)S. Darro fW. Granseman 07
Hoceo 93. Miss MoMI? 03. Trapsetter 1»H.
Second race, six furlonsrs — Rairtag 110. Father
Wentker 109, The Kentuckian 1CS. . Iwanta 105,
Never Fret 1CS. Mayor Johnson 105, Muresca,
104. Bensonhurst 103, Stem Winder 10^, H - ua
chuca 100, Mocorlto 100, Joe Oosa 100. Albe
marle CO. Floral Wreath 09.. Vestry 84, Lady
Chariot $>9.
Third race. Saplinc stake*, four furlonzs —
Copperfleld 11*. Fred Leppert US, Major Pel
,-h.im US. Touchstone 115, Patsy Brown 113,
Don Dotno 115. Blumenthal 118.
Fourth race, one and an eighth miles, handi
cap—Nitrate 109. Fongoluca 102. Aneke 100.
Loutnville OS, Byways 06. Major Tenny 06.
Fading Light 0O. L*n<:in 8S. Miracle II 85.
Fifth race, one mile — Hindus 111. Charlie
Thompson 106, The Don 06, Toledo 02, English
Lad 82. Lady Jocelyn 89.
Sixth race, one and a half miles, telling —
False Lead 10C, Little Elkln 101. Marlon Lynch
101. Miss Liza 100. Moor 100. Win* Dance 100.
Compass 09, Learoyd 00. Major Tenny 97.
EULRLEM SELECTIONS.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race— Cognomen, Fox Lake,
Voila.
Second race — Muresca, Vestry,
Father Wentker.
Third race- — Bon Domo, Patsy
Brown, Fred Leppert.
Fourth race— By Ways, Fonsoluca,
Ancke.
Fifth race — Lady Jocelyn, English
Lad, Toledo.
Sixth race — Wing Dance, Compass,
Little Elkin. ;
ESTABLISHES A* RECORD.
Major Delmar Sets Nev World's
Mark for Geldings.
SYRACUSE. N. T., Sept. 9. -The world's
record for trotting geldings was broken
by Major Delmar this afternoon In his
effort against the New York State Fair
track record. A. P. McDonald drove the
gelding and George Shear with a runner
paced him. The great son of Delmar ac
complished the distance In 2:01^. clipping
a second from his own mark and three
quarters of a second from the former
world's record, established by Cresceus.
Bock Sand Wins St. I<eger Stakes.
LONDON, Sept. 9.— Rock Sand, this
year's. Derby winner, ridden by Maher,
won the St. Leger stakes at Dbncaster
to-day. William Rufus was second and
King Edward's Mead third. The King
witnessed the race. J. R. Keene. the only-
American winner, wound up the day'3
meeting by capturing the Bradgate Park
plate with Flying Prince, ridden by Lu
cien Lyne. the American jockey.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 10. 1903.
SPORTS OF THE HARNESS AND THE RUNNING TURF
DELMAR ENTBIES.
ST. LOUIS, Sect. 0.— Delmar entries: k
First race, six furlongs, selling— Frisco Ben
107. Quaker Girl 104. Peter Duryea 108. Alga
reta 1C6. Whltmore 105, Eleanor Howard 100,
Felton 100, Golden Medium 104, Golden Easter
100, Loca 95. Aline S 100, Fonspray 105.
Second race, five furlongs, eelllng — Thales
118. Ponchartrain 118, Alcom R 110. Bandlllo
118, Sweet Note 113, Foxy Grandpa 118. Leech
118," Frank Collins 115. Port Warden 118, Little
Pirate 118. John Doyle 113. Capitol 115, Cay
bon 115. • '
Third race. -T six furlonts, selling — Countess
Clara 100. Eliza Cook 100, Charles C 109, Kitty
G 100. Bus8ellton 109, Broodier 100. dales 109.
Giraldo 108, Zlrl 105, Branch II 105. On» More
109." Duela 100. Allyar 108.
Fourth race, seven furlongs, handicap—Wig
wam 90, Dr. Cartledge 97, Imboden 108. Lord
Hermence 100. Old Stone 103. Wenrick 83.
Fifth race, six and a half rurlongs/ purse —
Dottle Shute 07, Dave Somera 87, Worthlngtoa
Hartford Futurity, foals of 1900. pacing,
purse $230O— Daphne Direct won two straight
heats in 2:15^4. 2:15. Eliza Douglas, Boidel,
Silver Patch and John MaeEwen also started.
2:19 trot, purse $3000— Jay McGre&gor won
the first, third and fourth heats in 2:13&,
2-13%, 2:14%. Katrinka G won the second
heat In 2:14l(. Nartdad. Margaret Bathgate
and Colonel Direct also started.
2 - 14 trot, purse 11500 — The Questor won the
second, third and firth heats In 2:13%. 2:15Vi,
2 - 14V i> - Dreamer won the first heat In 2:14%.
Crescent won the fourth heat In 2:15^4. Mi!
lard Sanderson. Oxford Chimes and Direct V
also started.
HARTFORD. Conn., Sept. 9.— The fa
vorites won in all classes at Charter Oak
Park to-day, the fine work of Daphne DJ
rect, in the Hartford Futurity for foals of
1900, being the best feature of the day's
sport. This foal literally ran away from
the field and captured both first and sec
ond money by distancing Boidel in the
second heat. In the first heat of this
race, Silver Patch, a full brother of Dan
Patch, was hopelessly distanced. Sum
mary:
4
ADVEBTISEMENrTS.
HAVANA CIGARSRegatta of Pacific Interclub Yacht Association
Is Successful, the Calm Being Broken
by Afternoon Breeze.
RESULTS IN THE INTERCLUB REGATTA.
YACHTS AND CANOES WHICH
CARRIED OFF HONORS IN
THE REGATTAS.
All Twirlers Look Alike to Players
at Los Angeles.
IX)S ANGELES, Sept. 8.— All pitchers looked
alfke to both Los Angeles and San Francisco
batters this afternoon. Lindsay, Herr and
Kriyt for San Francisco and Gray and Wheeler
for the locala tried to etcm the tide of the op
poiirjfc battrrs. but to no avail. A total of
thirty-four hits was the record during the
W"" 1 ' <-<n th**e twenty-two runs were tallied
Lindsay lasted but one innlns and Gray who
*-arted in for Los Angeles, etayed for three.
The batting of Hoy waa the feature, lie went
TRY OUT FIVE PITCHERS.
Senators, Unable to Bunch Hits,
Scnre but One Bun.
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 9. — Thlelman was ef
fective In the box to-day. Although twelve
fcits trere made off his delivery, the Senators
r.ore unable to bunch enough of them to make
runs. The pace ua» too fact for Brown, who
was ofnclatlns for the Senators. The Portland
Browns bunched hits on him In the elgrhth ln
nlns: and five runs were tallied. Score:
Sacramento — Portland —
AB. It. H. P.A. Aa R. H. P.A.
Casey. 2b 4 0 4 1 1 Blk.3b-rf 2 10 2 0
Hil<Jbd.lf 3 0 12 0,V Burn.cf 4 112 1
MrLgn.rf 5 0 0 2 0 Nadeau.lf 4 110 0
KaKan, «. 3 0 0 1 liKrnc!s.3b 10 0 10
TwnEd.lb 4 O 2 10 lJHlswth.a 4 0 0 0 1
3 0 3 3 CjElssy. lb 4 0 2 14 0
T>oyle. cf 4 0 1 3 © Ral<Sy.2b 3 0 O 1 2
H'-can. c 4 0 O 2 1 Hess. c. 3 0 O 3 £
Brown, p 3 0 1 0 2,Thelmn.p 3 2 12 8
?'Jraham. 110 0 0 Vignux.rf 3 112 0
totals. S4 1 12 SI 121 Totals. 31 6 6 27 14
•Graham batted for Brown.
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
£a< rajnento 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 1
Base hits 12121111 2—12
Portland 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 5 x— 6
i;a»* h:ts 0 1001 103 x— C
SCMMAItT.
Stolen has** — Hlldebrand, Eagan, Doyle.
JTrrori* — Hlidebrand. Three-base hits — Elsey,
Vi^rncux. Two-l>ase hit — Hlldebrand. Sacrifice
Jilt*— Hlldebrand '2). Casey. First base on
< ailed ballfc — Off Urown. J»; off Thlelman. 2.
I^eft on bas«» — Sacramento 11, Portland 4.
Struck out — By Urown, 2: by Thlelman. 2.
lilt by pitcher — Kapt.n. Double play — Eagan to
Townsend. Wild pitch — Brown. Time of j?ame
— One hour xr.J fifty minutes. Umpire — O'Con-
THEELMAN IS EFFECTIVE.
PETER and his Cripples gave the
Seattle tosscrs no rest yesterday.
On both occasions they landed
prod and strong. The score wa* the same
on both occasions — t to S. The men from
The northern climes had a chance In both
contests, but at the last minute they fell
<!own find had to leave the fleld with Just
a run chy and a swell chano* to get the
laurels on each occasion.
It was a good day for the pitchers. The
hot weather was fine for them, and they
worked to a etarjdstill in both struggles.
The afternoon match at Recreation Park
was a dream. Xo errors were committed
and It was a fight from the start to the
finish, with the Cripples a trifle stronger
In every round.
A couple of nice bingles during the
opening period gave the Cripples a run
and put the crowd In a good humor. But
the men who work for Parke Wilson de
veloped a warring streak in the third and
landed on the elusive shoots of Graham
for one, tying up the result and making
the game much mor«» interesting.
Tho fourth rolled around and brought
the Cripples a little good fortune. Every
man se«med to land hard on the ball, and
to make it easier for them Bill Byers
managed to let one of Carrick's fast
shoots go through him. and when the
had at last ended It was three up
for the Cripples, giving them a lead of
two.
Graham was pood for a few innings,
but in the seventh and the eighth he be
gan to suffer from the old-time wild com
riaint, and this, combined with a few
bases on balls, netted a couple for the
northern men and created a deadlock.
The Cripples made one last stand In the
eighth and were good enough to end the
came. Francks started it off with a hit
l>ast short, and was caught a moment
la tor while trying to steal second. But
1>r. Moskiman came through with one of
Ids good two-bajrgers far away against
the ripht field fence. Then Schwartz
nent out easily, but Murdock landed for
lii'.nther nice double, scoring the M. D.
and ending it all. The score:
Oakland— ( Seattle —
AB. R. H. r.A.! AB. Tl. H. P.A.
OHra.cf * O 1 O <> Lurr.lr.cf 4 0 13 0
|"ranck».s 4 *> 1 2 0 Moh!er.2b 2 O O 1 2
Mkmn.Sb 4 3 3 12 Smith, rf 4 O 1 3 0
h'hwtz.2h 4 1 2 1 T Hrafhr.lb 2 10 8 0
Jiurdk.rf 4 0 12 O Zinssar.lf 4 0 0 0 0
MfFrIy.lb4 0 1 12 1 Jnrinff.3b 4 0 114
• Jorum, c .10 17 IMei'thy.s 4 12 12
Kniper.lf 3 O rt 2 0 Byers. c. 2 0 O 6 1
Craham.p 3 O O O 2 <*arT{ck.p .110 10
'Andrew!" 1 « 1 •» O
Totals. S3 4 10 27 li »*Bottiser 1 0 O 0 0
' Totals. 31 3 6 21 9
'Batted for Cyer? in ninth.
••Batted for Carrick in ninth.
BDXS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Seattle O O 1 O 0 0 1 1 O— 3
ll&r-e hits OO2O1O11 1 — fi
Oakland I O O 2 O O O 1 x — 4
Base hits 20031 103 x— 10
FUMMART.
Stolen bfcse* — O'Hara. McCarthy. Two-base
bit) — Bdrwmrtz, Moekiman (2). Murdock. First
>iafi» en called bails — Off Graham. 5. Left on
hnf^—Oakland 6, Seattle 6. Struck out — By
< Ire ham. 7: by Carrick. 5. Double play —
S< hwani tj Messerly to Moeklman. Passed
l>ai'.s — By«rs 2. Gorton. Wild pitch — Graham.
Time o' came — One hour and forty-live min
utes. Umpire — Levy-
Close Game at Oakland.
The morning game on the Oakland lot
was also a good one. and both teams bat.
ip<1 hard. The Cripples landed on the of
ferings of Barber in the third Inning for
a bunch of three runs and four hits. The
northerners were steady and they tied up
the result after a while, but the Cripples
finally landed another run and got away
with the came after a close shave. The
score:
Feattle— 1 Oakland—
AB.R.H. P. A. 1 AB.R. H. V. A.
I.urrJy.cf 5 2 8 3 0 OHara.cf 3 2 0 4 0
Mohlr.2b 2 10 3 3 Frank*, e 3 112 4
Fmlth. rf 3 0 1 2 0 M5km.3b 4 0 0 3 0
r»rshr. 1b 3 O 0 « O Brh«rz.Zb 3 1113
%!nsar.lf 3 O O O • O Murdk.rf 4 0 2 2 1
.inenr. 3b 3 O O 2 1 Marty; lb 4 O O « 0
?,JcCrty,« 3 0 12 2 Gorton, c 3 0 O 5 4)
T>yer. c. 3 0 0 4 0 Krurr. If 4 0 2 3 0
Barber.p 4 0 2 0 1 Cooper. -p 4 0 10 5
Tota.l«..2» 3 7 2* 7 Totals.. 32 4 7 27 13
RUNS AXD HITS BT INNINGS. '
BemXOm 1 O O 0 2 O 0 0 0—3
Ha«e hlte 2 10 0 1110 1—7
Oakland 0 0 3 0 0 0 10 x — 4
Base hits 0 14 10 0 0 1 x— 7
6UMMART.
Stolen bases — Lumley <2). Mohler (2), Smith,
'•"Ilara. Bchwartz. Errors — Zlnssar. Byers,
o'H&ra. Gorton. Three-base hit — Schwartz.
Two-baa* hlt« — Smith, Murdock, McCarthy,
Barber. Sacrifice hit — Mchler. First bare on
errors — Oakland 1, Seattle 1. First base on
railed kails — Cooper 7, Barber 2. Left on
ra»es — Oakland 6. Seattle 8. Struck out— By
<:<:«per 2. by Barber 4. Hit by pitcher —
FVancks. Smith. Ztnesar, Gorton. Passed ball
— Gorton. Tina* of nme — 1 hour and 55 min
utes. Umpire — Levy.
Doubles by Dr. Moskiman
and Murdock Decide
the Battle.
jr t
PACIFIC COAPT LF.AGUE.
(Staafllnc of the Clubs.)
w L. Pet. " • ** Prt 
££ ffi!.« «7 >..-* Oakland }".'m »'» -«9
Sacramento. .74 TO .511 Seattle o3 SO .4JC
Win Both Games From
Seattle by Exactly
Same Score.
CRIBPLES
GAIN TWO
VICTORIES
DEANFIELJD, Ky.. Sept. 0.— Eugene Phil
ips, a farmer, was killed to-day by John Guess,
town marshal. Guess was shot while attempt
ing to serve a warrant on Philips and re
turned the nre.
MARYSVIL.L.E. Sept. 9.— Police Officer
John P. Colford to-day arrested George
Dalton alias James Wilson, alias George
Davis, who is wanted in Shasta County
on a charge of stage robbery. Dalton Is
said to have served two terms in Fol
son prison for burglaries committed In
Los Angeles and Alameda counties. He
is accused of having robbed a stage in
Shasta Countv on June 9 last, in com
pany with James Barry, who is said to
have be an ex-convlct. Officer Colford
visited Chico to-day and one of the first
persons that he met was Dalton. He ar
rested Dalton and turned him over to the
Marshal at Chlco. --_.
ALLEGED STA(?E BOBBER
'• IS CAPTURED AT CHIOO
With music, banners and badges the ex
cursionists, invaded the pavilion in regu
lar marching: order, and after making the
rounds of the big building formed around
the Yolo County exhibit, where an extra
ordinary demonstration occurred. The
Woodlandites afterward visited the exhib
its of competing counties and compli
mented them with a serenade., It is. con
ceded that "Yolo. night at the pavilion"
drew a .record -breaking crowd, the largest
of the fair so far. ¦ More than 400 Yolo
County people were ' present and they
were surprised and delighted with the
splendid work of the committee in
charge. The excursionists left for home
about midnight
" WOODLAND, Sept. 9.— The people of
Yolo County are so well pleased with the
award for the first prize for the best
county exhibit at the State Fair that to
day they organized an excursion and,
headed by the Woodland Band, visited
the State pavilion In a body. The train
left Woodland about 6 o'clock this even
ing. Upon arrival at Sacramento the ex
cursionists were met at the depot by a re
ception committee, which had provided a
train of street cars to transport them to
the pavilion.
Hundreds Join Excursion and Spend
Merry Evening Among Exhib
its in Pavilion.
Y0L0 COUNTY PEOPLE
VISIT FAIR IN NUMBERS
ST. LOUIS. Sept. 0. — St. Louis lost both
games of a double-header here to-day to Cin-
Brooklyn and Soston Break Even
in Two Stubborn and Well-
Played Contests.
NATIONAL. LEAGUE.
ST. LOUIS LOSES BOTH
GAMES TO CINCINNATI
BBAIN JR., with his canoe Vi
tesse, won the five-mile handi-
# cap triangular race, held under
the management of the Oakland Canoe
Club yesterday at Sessions Basin,
East Oakland. Commodore Charles
Stewart's sloop Beatrice won the
handicap yacht race. In the pad
dling race for canoes Arthur Bruman and
R. K. Varney easily defeated Dr. S. A.
Hackett and C. L% Taylor twice, the lat
ter pair claiming that Bruman and Var
ney fouled the first time out. Owing to
the light wind the time made in the sail-
Ing races was slow. In the canoe event
over the five-mile course the boats
crossed the finishing line' in the following
order: Vitesse, R. B. Bain Jr., 1 hour 27
minutes 47 seconds; Frisk, Commodore A.
Dalton Harrison, Enclnal Yacht Club, 1
hour 27 minutes 55 seconds; Nereid, C. I*
Taylor, 1 hour 31 minutes; untlmed—Co
quette, Brownie, Whim, Mist, Vim, No
Name, Bonlta, Pirate, Blue Demon,
Sprite. ' •
In the yacht race the corrected time
made by the Beatrice over the five-mile
course was 1 hour 3 minutes 50 seconds.
She was allowed ten minutes. The Ahwa
nee. W. F. White, with a time allowance
of seven minutes, crossed second, and the
Flash, with three minutes allowance,
came in third. The other yachts, time
untaken, finished, in the following order:
Loiterer, W. A. Bissell; Surprise, C. H.
Hlnckley; Nanette, R. B. Bain. Jarrtes
Kenna, A. H. Cohen and F* J. Rodgers
Judged and timed the races.
to bat sis times, got a base on balls and made
five hits. Ross slammed out two triples and
Kru(? a home run. Attendance. 1500. Score:
Lcs Angeles — I San FranciBco—
AB. R. II. P.A. AR R. H. P.A.
Hoy. cf. 5 3 6 2 o;Shay, s. 5 2 3 2 3
V»'hr.p-3b 6 2 «t 0 3 : Meany,rf 4 12 3 0
Corbet,2b 4 0 0 2 2'Irwln, 3b 5 0 4 1 4
DhUb-lb 4 2 3 0 '_• Leahy. lb 6 0 18 0
Crvath.rf 4 1 0 .1 0 learfoss.c 6 2 2 11
Ross. If. 4 3 2 4 0;Krjf,p-cf. 5 2 3 6 0
Toman, s 4 0 2 4 4 Lynch. If 4 1 2 2 0
(Spies, c. 5 O 1 4 l'Delme.2b S 1 X 2 0
Gray. p-. 1 0 0 0 0 Undsay.p 1 4> O 0 0
Hurlbt.lb 2 10 8 0 Herr.cf-p 4 10 0 0
Totals. 38 12 16 27 12* Totals. 45 10 18 24 8
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Lrm Angeles 41201220 x — 12
Base hit» 4 121232, 1 x— 16
San Francisco... 04411000 O—10
liate hits 0352212 1 2—18
SUMMARY.
Stolen bases — Hoy. Wheeler. Dillon (2). Rcss.
Hurlburt. Meany <3>, Irwln (3). Krujr. Hits —
Off Lindsay, 4; off Heir, 11; off Wheeler, 13;
off Gray, 5. Sacrifice hits — Dillon. Meany. Kr
rors — Toman (2). Hurlburt. lleany. Irwin (2).
Zearfoss. Delmas. Home run — Krug. Three
ba«e hits — Uors (2). Two-base hits — Zearfoss
(2), KruK, Dillon. Hoy. Toman. First base on
errors — San Francisco 3. First base on balls —
Off Gray. 2; off Lindsay. 2; of Wheeler, 2; off
Krug. 1; off Herr, 3. Struck out — By Gray, 2.
Left on bases — Los Arisreles 0. San Francisco
10. Double play — Toman to Hurlburt. Hit by
pitcher — Wheeler. Balk — Gray. Time of game
— Two hours and thirty minutes. Umpire —
McDonald- f
DESPITE the fact that at noon, the I
time set for the starting of the
twenty-foot special class In the
eighth annual regatta of the Pacific In
terclub Yacht Association yesterday, a
flat calm prevailed, the races were de
cided satisfactorily two hours later. At 2
p. m. the starting: whistle for the twenty
footers was Bounded, and the yawl Kittl
wake, with the sloops Ruby, Mistral and
Zada, crossed the line between two stake
boats anchored off Powell street wharf.
The tide was ebbint and there was a fair
breeze, which freshened as the afternoon
wore on. Kittiwake went away too far
toward Alcatraz Island and was beaten
easily by Ruby, which took first place by
a margin of 11 minutes 29 seconds. Mis
tral and Zada were not placed.
A fine race was expected between the
finkeel sloops Discovery and Neva In the
twenty-flve-foot class, but neither of them
crossed the -line./ The Corinthian boats
were much delayed by the calm In reach-
Ing Powell 6treet wharf, but most of
them managed to get across from Tibu-
Owing to lack of wind up to 1:30 p. m.
Frank A. Bartlett was not able to sail
the- sloop Emilie to her appointed place
as leeward stakeboat. The lack of a
stakeboat was supplied by the Judges'
steamer Resolute, which anchored in the
position of the leeward mark. Rollo
Smith, Judge on the windward stakeboat
Alice, reported last night that the yawl
Iola fouled the starboard stay of the
Alice with her jigger, and that the sloop
Aeolus, sailed by Carl Westcrfeld, fouled
the malnsheet of the sloop Truant, sailed
by C. Barrett
MANAGERS OF RACES.
The races were under the management
of the regatta committee of the Pacific
Interclub Yacht Association, consisting
of S. Middlemas of the Corinthian Yacht
Club, chairman; G. E. Smith of the San
Francisco Yacht Club, R. R. l'Hommedleu
ron Cove in time for the starting whistle.
In the yawl special class there were four
entries, which made a pretty start. Rob
ert Vincent's fine yawl Iola took first
place by a margin of 4 minutes 13 sec
onds, corrected time, over C. E. Clark's
Gypsie.
CHALLENGES, EASY WINNER,.
In the thirty-foot class W. G. Morrow's
s'.oop Challenger won easily, making bet
ter time over the course than any yacht
in the thirty-six-foot or forty-four-foot
classes. Her elapsed and corrected times
were 2 hours 29 minutes B2 seconds. The
Vallejo yacht Helen was second in a cor
rected time of 2 hours 44 minutes 34 sec
onds. The measurements of Aeolus and
Truant being ..the same for purposes of.
calculating time allowance, each received
1:42, and as Aeolus finished one second
ahead of Truant she beat her by that
small margin.
In the thirty-six-foot class F. R. Cook
at the wheel of the sloop Harpoon handled
his craft in a masterly manner, beating
Commodore E. P. Sager's sloop Edna by
1 minute 38 seconds, corrected time. Em
ma finished a little less than two minutes
later than her rival, the Corinthian flag
ship.
Interest was Increased in the forty-four
foot class by the appearance of the sloop
. Nixie, sailed by her j owner, Fulton G.
Berry, who before starting ran, up a flag
with tho word "Hayseeds" on It, later
substituting a burgee of the Corinthian
Yacht Club. Though the elapsed time of
Nixie was 1 minute 32 seconds better than
that of her competitor. Speedwell's time
allowance of 3 minutes 26 seconds brought
her In a winner.
of tha California Yacht Club, P. J. Weni
ger of the Vallejo Yachting Club and
Louis Sonniksen of the South Bay Yacht
Club. C. J. Lancaster was referee,
George E. Smith and Louis Sonniksen
were Judges and P. J. Weniger and R. R.
l'Hommedleu timers.
The twenty-footers sailed over a course
to windward and return, estimated at five
miles; the yawls sailed over a course
reckoned at ten nautical miles, and the
thirty-footers, thirty-six-footers and for
ty-four-footers over a course reckoned as
fourteen nautical miles. The yachts In
the three larger classes sailed twice to
windward. Protests must be filed with
the resatta committee at the Merchants'
Exchange before 6 p. m. to-day in writing.
Wins the Triangular Race
at Sessions Basin,
Oakland.
VITESSE
CAPTURES
HANDICAP
A sixty-four dog stake will be run on
Sunday at Union Coursing Park. The
draw last night resulted as follows:
R<d Pepper vs. Irish Lad: Athena vs. Con
sort: Harlean Gladys vs. Mickey Free; Prairie
Matd vs. Ragged Actor; Presidio Boy vs. Ru
ral Artist; Thelma vs. Royal Archer; Van Nor-i
vs. IJ^lusa; Los Angelas vs. Belle Free; Tyrone
Princ» vs. Reckless Acrobat: Tom Keene vs.
Barge; Minnie Horsan vs. Silver Heels; Rent
gade Apache vs. Sempronius; Algy McDonald
vs. Flyir.R Pasha; Precita Maid vs. Gunfire;
Tralec Hoy vs. Concord Roy; Wedge wood vs."
Fair Caks; St. Conn vs. Dear Gaston; Master
Rocket vs. Dorothy M; Frisky Barbara vs. An
chor: Young Hoffman vs. Amenia: Harvey II
vs. Cloverdale; False Alarm vs. Red Rock: Re
mlsso Animo vs. Clarice: Wild Bill vs. Reno;
Roy Hughle vs. Liberator: Aeneas vs. Mount
Rose: Vandal vs. Mountain Pcwt; Reta S vs
Beauty Gold; Silver Cloud vs. Plougnman: Don
Pedio vs. Prosreso; Boots vs. Vina; Wild Star
vs. Eonnle Pasha.
Evenly Matched Hounds in Stake at
Union Coursing' Park.
SIXTY-FOUR DOGS TO STABT.
Vina beat Rural Artist. Thelma beat Moun
tain Poet, Fair Oaks beat Old Ironside*.
Prairie Maid r bye. Pocatelli withdrawn. Van
Nora a bye. Consort withdrawn. Harvey M
beat Minnie Horgan. Ituby Sankey beat Gold
en Llebt. Redwood Lad beat Trotting Bob
Cluster a bye. Beacon withdrawn. Flying
Pasha beat Golden Links. Fancy Free beat
Clarice, Imperious beat Fc.'usa, Tillie R a
bye, J E H withdrawn, Reta S beat Progreso.
St. Conn beat Jack Short, Liberator beat Los
Angeles.
Second round — Vina beat Thelma, Fair Oaks
beat Prairie Maid. Harvey M beat Van Nora
Ruby Sankey a bye. Cluster beat Flying
Pasha. l:n;>eriius beat Fan:y Free, Tillie H
beat Reta S. Liberator beat St. Conn.
Third round— Vina beat Fair Oaks. Ruby
Pankoy beat Harvey M. Imperious beat Clus
ter. Tillie U beat Liberator.
Fourth rour.d — Ruby Sankey beat Vina, Til
lie R beat Imi>erlou!».
Deciding course — Ruby Sankey beat Tlllie R.
THE special holiday stake at Union
Coursing Park yesterday attract
ed a large attendance. Eugene
Geary's Ruby Sankey captured the long
end of the purse, with Tillie R runner-up.
The hounds were well matched through
out and the talent was uniformly success
ful In picking winners. There were few
upsets in the betting, the volume of which
was unusually heavy. The results in de
tail follow:
Ruby Sankey Takes First
Place, With Tillie R
Runner-Up.
COURSERS
CLOSELY
MATCHED
cicnati. In the second MeF"arland was hit hard
throughout. In the first Clnctnnatl unmerettul
ly pounded Murphy and Moran. Attendance,
2C0O. Scores:
First came— K- H. E^
St. Louis * J2 '»
Cincinnati 1* 1. «>
Batteries — Murphy, Moran and J. O'Neii;
Hahn and Pelt*. Umpire — Warner.
Second game — . Tt. H. E.
St. Louis 1 ,1 ?
Cincinnati 5 10 1
Batteries — McFarland and Ryan; Sudhoff and
Peltz. Umpire — Warner.
BROOKLYN, Sept. J». — 'With the Bostons a»
opponents tn a double header the baseball ac.*
son came to en end here to-day. Both contests
¦were pitchers' battles and resulted In an even
break. Dcston wlnnlns the first sr*m« and
Brooklyn the second. In the second Tatoher. a
*new pitcher from Los Ange'.rs. was in the box
for the home club and made a Rood showing.
The last contest was called on account of dark
ness after Boston had had their turn at the
>at In the elsrhth. Attendance. 3500. Scores:
First game — B- IJ- E.
Brooklyn ? 8 2
Boston ? 16 3
Batteries — Garvla «nd Jacklltsch; "Willis and
Moran. „•.»•.
Second »am»— B- H. E.
Brooklyn f J I
Boston * • ..•.
Batteries — Tatcher and Rltter; Plttlnger and
Dexter.
PITTSBURG. Sept. 0. — Weimer had th*
Plttsburg batters at his mercy to-day, lie
gave two hits in the first Inning, one In the
sixth and two in the ninth. Chicago played a
brilliant rame and made the season's record
twelve victories out of twenty games. Attend
ance. 2200. Score:
R. II. £j.
Pittsburg I 5 J;
Chicago >> 8 A'*)
Batteries — Philllppl and Smith: Weimer and
Kllrg. Umpire — Johnstene.
AMERICAN* LE.\GUE.
CLEVELAND. Seot. 9. — Cleveland and St.
Lou!* broke even to-day, the visitors winning
the first game and Cleveland the second.
Scores: _ „ , Jl
KlrSt £<iTT\**— . * * ¦ * * ¦
Cleveland 2 , ¦'. ''¦ i
St. Louis 6 1» O
Batteries Donahue and Bemts; Fowell and
Sugden.
Second game — «• *\; *•-
Cleveland T A o
St. Loui* l 6 °
Batteries — Rhodes and Abbott; Wright and
Shannon.
NEW YORK. Sept. 0.— New York b^at
Philadelphia in both games here to-day, and
by bo doing took third place, the highest po
sition they have attained this season. In both
contests the visitors were outplayed In all de
partments. Scores:
Ftrst game— «. H. E.
New York n I V
Philadelphia 0 4 1
•^Batteries — Griffith and Seville; Bender and
Powers.
Second gair.e — «. a. £..
New York « * »
Philadelphia « 8 *
Batteries — Chesbro and Bevllle; Plank and
Powers.
BOSTON. Sept. 9. — Boston took both games
from Washington to-day. Freeman -was put
out of the first game for disputing a decision.
Scores:
First came— K- «• i.
Boston • ? i !?
Washington 4 9*
Batteries — Hugh's and Crlger; Patten anil
D Second game— B. H. E-
B^ston 3 3 0
Washington - 4 0
Batteries— Winter and J. Stail; Leo and
Klttrldge.
ST PAUL Sept. 0. — Judge Char!e» E. Flan
drau a prominent pioneer cltlaen of Minnesota,
and V. candidate on the Democratic ticket for
Governor in 1S67. died to-day after a Ion*
Illness, ared 75 years.
PORTLAND. Sept. 9.— The fourth
race nieetlns of the Multnomah
Fair Association will be held her«
from the 21st to the 26th inst Robert
Lelghton. secretary of the North Pacific
fair circuit, rerxe^entlng sixteen cities in
Oregon, "Washington and Idaho, airtved
In Portland to-day to outline the work,
llr. Lelghton will be racing secretary *^f
the meeting. As his assistant he will
have Horace Egbert, an official of the
New California Jockey Club, who will
also act as handieapDer.
Among the many harness horses which
will be stabled at the Irvington track are
Sweet Marie, pacer. SrlCVi. owned by Wil
liam Garland of Los Anjjeles; Portia
Knight and MacMack. owned by Sena
tor H. H. Helman; Rita H. owned by By
ron Erkenbrecker of Los Angeles: Mar
Boy. owned by William A. Clark Jr. of
Montana; Taffeta Silk and The Common
wealth, owned by N. K. West of La
Grande; Eventide, owned by J. W. Mc-
Laughlin of Ontario, Canada; Harry
Hurst, owned by A. T. Van de Wanter
of Seattle. Captain Bailey will bring Ms
string of trotters and pacers. A number
of local harness horses will also be en
tered.
Among the gallopers coming are the
strings of J. J. Bottger. Harrjr Green.
George- Turpln. Thomas Steven?. Thom
as Parker. William Buckholtz. Ed Har
mon. W. R. Robb. H. Williams. E. C.
Pierce, Piedmont stables. Captain Dona
hue. A. Nlel. S. J. Jones. Joe Kane, H.
C, Covlngton. O. P. Romigh Jr.. W. Me
Laughlln. Foster Stevens. Al Martin. H.
F. Parks, J. Green, George F. McDonald.
T. Hums, Captain George Ashton. M. A.
Stephenson, W. D. Randall and P. W.
Wilde. These stables represent some of
the fastest horses racing in the Pacific
Northwest.
Will Be Under Direction
of Multnomah Fair
Association.
Pick of the Horses of tha
Northwest Are
Entered.
PORTLAND
RACING IS
PROMISING
WHITE WINGS ARE SPREAD ON YACHTS AND CANOES
THE FAN FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY, SEPTEMBEB 10. 1903.
SLOOP HARPOON WITH F. R. COOK AT THE WHEEL
BEATS COMMODORE SAGER'S EDNA IN CLOSE RACE
5
Xo.
YACHT. Club.
RncinK
Lcnsth
In feet.
Time
Allowance.
M.S.
Finishing
Time.
H.M.S.
Elapned
Time.
H.W.S.
Corrected
Time. I Posl-
H.M.S. | tlon.
8.
4.
8.
1.
I
Twenty-foot special clars; start at 2 r. ni. —
Klttlwake Corinthian.
Ruby Corinthian.
¦Mistral Pan Francisro.
I Zada -r. San Francisco.
Twenty-five-foot class: start at 2:10 j. m. — '
15.28
19.33
IB. 68
15.09
I
0:?0
0:00
5:10
I
3:22:18
3:05:30
3:18:83
3:51:30
1:22:1S
1:03:30
1:18:33
'1:31:30
l:lfi:50 2
I:r*:l1 1
1:18:33
1:25:14
. I
32.
5.
i Corinthian.
I «Xeva Corinthian.
Yawl eoeclal class; start at 2:20 p. m. .
J5.
24.
12.
Io!a California.
Pilgrim California.
Gypple California.
Royai ! San Francisco.
Thirty-foot class: start at 2:30 p. in.—
.•SI. 97
24.1X3
32. S4
20.00
0:00
1S:O5
r>:2«
0:16
4:fM:fl4
4:32:28
4:14:13
4:G2:02
1 :*4 :04
2:12: '2S
1:54:13
2:12:02
1:44:04 1
1:57:23
1:48:17 2
2:02:47
38*
IS.
-30.
28.
20.
50.
Aeolus". Corinthian.
Helen Vallejo.
Truant Corinthian.
| Challenser San Kranclaco.
Thlrty-eix-foct class* start at 2:40 v. m. —
Harpoon i Corinthian.
Emma Corinthian.
Edna Corinthian.
Jessie E California.
Forty-four-foot class: start at 2:50 p. m. —
27. «"».-•
2<!.51
27.57
2S.58
32.90
32.12
:n.8i
31. 5S
1:42
3:10
1 :42
0:00
1:11
2:10
0:00
2:58
5:21:05
5:18:14
5:21:06
4:59:52
5:lf.:47
5:21:21
5:17:14
5:20:45
2:51 :C5
2:48:14
2:S1:O«
2:20:52
2:3«:47
2:41:21
2:37:14
2:10:15
2:40:23
2:44:34, 2
2:4r»:24
2:20:5^ 1
2:35 :3« 1
2:53:05
2:37:14 2.
2:46:47
. . i-
I Ppeedwel! " I Corinthian.
I Nixie ! Corinthian.
37.31
40.57
3:20
0:OO
B:22:07
0:20:36
2:32:07
2:30:35
2:28:41 1
2:30:35 [ 2
•I
d net start.
Xo.
YACHT. Club.
RncinK
Lcnsth
In feet.
Time
Allowance.
M.S.
Finishing
Time.
H.M.S.
Elapned
Time.
H.W.S.
Corrected
Time. I Posl-
H.M.S. | tlon.
8.
4.
8.
1.
I
Twenty-foot special clars; start at 2 r. ni. —
Klttlwake Corinthian.
Ruby Corinthian.
¦Mistral Pan Francisro.
I Zada -r. San Francisco.
Twenty-five-foot class: start at 2:10 j. m. — '
15.28
19.33
IB. 68
15.09
I
0:?0
0:00
5:10
I
3:22:18
3:05:30
3:18:83
3:51:30
1:22:1S
1:03:30
1:18:33
'1:31:30
l:lfi:50 2
I:r*:l1 1
1:18:33
1:25:14
. I
32.
5.
i Corinthian.
I «Xeva Corinthian.
Yawl eoeclal class; start at 2:20 p. m. .
J5.
24.
12.
Io!a California.
Pilgrim California.
Gypple California.
Royai ! San Francisco.
Thirty-foot class: start at 2:30 p. in.—
.•SI. 97
24.1X3
32. S4
20.00
0:00
1S:O5
r>:2«
0:16
4:fM:fl4
4:32:28
4:14:13
4:G2:02
1 :*4 :04
2:12: '2S
1:54:13
2:12:02
1:44:04 1
1:57:23
1:48:17 2
2:02:47
38*
IS.
-30.
28.
20.
50.
Aeolus". Corinthian.
Helen Vallejo.
Truant Corinthian.
| Challenser San Kranclaco.
Thlrty-eix-foct class* start at 2:40 v. m. —
Harpoon i Corinthian.
Emma Corinthian.
Edna Corinthian.
Jessie E California.
Forty-four-foot class: start at 2:50 p. m. —
27. «"».-•
2<!.51
27.57
2S.58
32.90
32.12
:n.8i
31. 5S
1:42
3:10
1 :42
0:00
1:11
2:10
0:00
2:58
5:21:05
5:18:14
5:21:06
4:59:52
5:lf.:47
5:21:21
5:17:14
5:20:45
2:51 :C5
2:48:14
2:S1:O«
2:20:52
2:3«:47
2:41:21
2:37:14
2:10:15
2:40:23
2:44:34, 2
2:4r»:24
2:20:5^ 1
2:35 :3« 1
2:53:05
2:37:14 2.
2:46:47
. . i-
I Ppeedwel! " I Corinthian.
I Nixie ! Corinthian.
37.31
40.57
3:20
0:OO
B:22:07
0:20:36
2:32:07
2:30:35
2:28:41 1
2:30:35 [ 2
•I
d net start.
If 3 llrzJlf /r* Juyffll j#-|l SKIN ON FIRE
No disease causes so much bodily discomfort, or itches, and burns like
Eczema. Beginning often with a slight redness of the skin it gradually
spreads, followed by pustules or blisters from which a gummy, sticky fluid
ooze3 which dries and scales off or forms bad looking sores and scabs. It ap-
pears on different parts of the body but of tenest upon the back, arms, hands,
vJrfr 531 5S?^ n J^t ** ™*° * experienced at time. Patche. on the in-
veritable torment at Bide o f my h. an d a that itched and burned, causing
times, especially at mnch discomfort. Aa time went by It
tiiuco, ta^iou; «u »r— -j— - — •* worse .and I vw convinced that
night or when Over- 4gii£^ f W ms afflicted with Ecaema. I con-
heated «HHri suited several physicians and a num-
~., * * -r* HBlTrii _J« ber of specialists, and used several ex-
The cause Of Ecze- SSKgS&Pi ternal applications, receiving but
ma is a too acid and ?5Sss35i P slight temporary relief. In February
general unhealthy con- EBgA l^£i t l3&£ckX£££%?)&
The terrifying ltcning TF^^r J \r^cured, and have had no return of
and burning is pro- *r ~ the disease since. W. P. BRUSH,
dn«d by the overLw *"""
through the glands and .
pores of the skin of the fiery poisons with which the blood-current is over-
loaded. While external applications, such as
/£-"**5 .V""Q /#-O washes, soaps, salves and powders aresoot hing and
V«^\ cooling they do not enter into the blood itself or
Kj) fe^J bO) touch the real cause of the disease, but S. S. S.
V— * V—*' does, and purifies, enriches, and strengthens the
thin acid blood and cleanses and builds up the general system, when the
skin clears off and Eczema with all its terrifying symptoms disappears.
Send for our free book on the Skin and its diseases. No charge for
medical advice. THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, CA»TENNIS CHAMPIONS "WHO
PROVED STARS CF SAN RA
FAEL TOURNAMENT.
At Troy a linen shirt is made In six and
a half minutes, the working of the but
tonholes occupying one-quarter of a min
ut». , ¦
Automobile Races at San Jose.
The five-mile automobile race on the
San Jose track yesterday, open to ma
chines of any type or power, was won by
a White steam-touring car, driven by H.
D. Ryus. in 7:33. The race for gasoline
machines only was won by a Rambler.
The race for gasoline machines only, of
twenty horsepower or less, was won by a
Winton touring car.
WASHINGTON. Sept 9.-Rear Admiral
Sumner, commander in chief of the South
Atlantic station, to-day hauled down his
f.ag and will return to the United States.
He will retire In December. Rear Ad
miral Larr.ttrton succeeds him in com
mand cf the South Atlantic station.
Bear Admiral Stunner to Ketire.
Jurglar Shoots Kentucky Colonel.
fcHl-WkD. K>\. Sept. 9.— Sheriff Hene,
h a posse, is hunting a burglar who
lously wounded Colonel Mordecai Wil
es in his country home b2fcre day
it yesterday. Colonel WiliLims. dis
¦erlng the burglar ransacking his
tse attacked him with a saber. The
"Clar ehot him and escaped.
Professor's Sanity Questioned.
SAN JOSE, Sept 9.— Professor Ramsey,
a member of the faculty of Stanford Uni
versity, is in the charge of the Sheriff of
the county awaiting examination as to
his sanity, which will be held, before
Judge Hyland to-morrow morning. Over
application to study is believed to be the
cause of his affliction.
Mrs. Rosa Turner's Clothes Catch
Fire From Exploding' Coal
Oil Stove.
Mrs. Rosa Lerner. a widow and the
mother of six children, was fatally
burned yesterday afternoon at her home,
132Vi Langdon street Mrs. Lerner was
about to prepare a meal on a coal oil
stove and it exploded, the flames Igniting
her dress before she had a chance to
even call for help. .
The unfortunate woman ran screaming
out Into the street and soon fell exhaust
ed. She was picked up by a neighbor and
sent to the Emergency Hospital. From
there she was sent to the Mount Zlon
Hospital. The woman is frightfully
burned and her death is expected at any
minute. V» •
Special Trains for Bankers
OPEK.V. Kans.. Sept. ?.— The Santa Fe
s arrarged to run a number of Epecial
ilns to San Francisco on account of the
oerican Bankers' "Association meeting
•re October 23 to S3. Special through
• service will be Inaugurated from Chi
?o to the coast. The first train will
ve Chicago October 10. Especially good
•ucemtcts as to rates and stop-over
vllegfs have been made.
Golf at San Rafael.
Members of the San Rafael Golf Club
commenced their tournament for the
council's cup to-day. In the opening
round R. J. Davis defeated G. M. Plnck
ard by a score of 2 up. PInckard had
Davis beaten up to the sixteenth hole by
a score of 2 up, but at that juncture
Davis by expert strokes won out. E. J.
Hooper defeated R. G. Brown, 2 up, 1 to
play. George Heazleton defeated H. Dib
blee, 3 up. : to play, and J. J. Crooks
beat C. A. Belden, 7 up, 6 to play.
WOMAN FATALLY BURNED
WHILE PREPARING tvtpat.
Cook Kills Himself.
Stephen Carolls, a Singhalese cook, was
found yesterday afternoon In a room in
the Sunset House, 901 Sacramento street,
with a gaping bullet wound over the right
temple, no doubt self-inflicted, from which
he died at the Central Emergency Hospi
tal several hours later. "W. H. Palmer of
\Zl Second street opened uie door and
found Carolis lying on the lounge uncon
scious, with blood flowing from the
wound in the head. A revolver with one
cartridge discharged was found on the
lounge between the knees of the unfor
tunate man. Dr. Eidenmuller of 1004 Clay
street was summoned and, finding that
Carolls was In a dying condition, ordered
his removal to the hospital, where he died
at 5:30 p.^m. Some facts made the case
appear to be a murder, and it was ru
mored that Carolis had money, but De
tective Charles Taylor ascertained that
Carolis had been a ship's cook. Robert
Lindsay told a deputy Coroner he thought
Carolis had diamonds and might have
been murdered for them, but the Inference
was probably false, for letters In his room
showed that bis mother was poor and an
uncle had appealed for aid to support her.
Football at Stanford.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Sept 9.—
The first football game to be played by
a Stanford team this year is dated for
Saturday, when the freshmen will line up
against the Santa Clara College eleven.
The varsity team will play its first game
on the Stanford campus on the 19th insu
against the Reliance Athletic Club.
St. Patrick's Parish Celebrates.
St. Patrick's Parish observed Admission
day by giving its annual outing at Fair
fax Park Fully 2000 people were pres-
ent. Dancing and games were chle'
amusements of the day. The committee
of arrangements consisted of J. Smith,
chairman; Eugene Lacy, Rev.
P. J. Cummins, treasurer; Thomas O'Bri
en, John O'Brien, William T. Flynn, J.
Coffee, T. Cleary, Eugene Lacy, H. Lan
derville, F. Sullivan. M. Corridan. J. De
vinnes-. "William O'Dea. M. Friel. J.
Dougherty, M. Tierney, Martin Lacey.
James Barry, John Hughes, P. Prunty,
James I^amey, W. Fitzgerald. James
Humes. "William Brown, Miss K. Cant
well, Miss M. Kennergan. Miss Kate Mc-
Dermott, Miss Lillian Hughes. Miss Gene
vieve Sullivan, Miss Lillian Byrnes,
Kate Connell. Miss Nellie O'Brien. Miss
Nellie Sheeny, Miss Mary McDexmott.
Miss Mary Raddin, Miss Annie Finney,
Miss Marguerite Donegan. Miss Ella Can
ning end Miss Fannie Hansman.
IA2TXS ASE ANXIOUS
TO RETIRE CIRCULATION
tigh Price of Bends Makes Selling
Them More Profitable Than
Betaining Notes.
¦WASHINGTON. Sept. S.— Applications
om national banks for the retirement
* circulation are reaching the Treasury
epartment in unexpected numbers and
¦counts. For tk* seven business days
? the present rnffath the applications ag
¦egate C762.500. Under the law only
,000.000 in circulation can be retired in
:y one taosta. and the applications are
-anted In the order In which they are
cclved. For several months past the
tlreraests of circulation have been omy
.rmaL and during the refunding period
e circulation increased by about $40,000,
;V The present movement is accounted
r at the Treasury department by the
gh price of bonds, the banks evidently
cing a greater profit in selling their
nds than In keeping them In clrcula
«n. v -«, jr.
Shot Is Fired in Self-Defense and
Crowd of Assailants Takes
Flight.
While repairing a telephone? line that
had been maliciously cut at Mission and
Eighteenth streets, presumably by strik
ing telephone linemen. Edward E. Re
gensburger and Special Police Officer
George Comstock where set upon yes
terday afternoon by a crowd of men and
narrowly escaped maltreatment.
Regensburger -was dragged from a bug
gy and his assailants were beating him
wben Offlcer Comstock drew his revolver
and fired a shot into the crowd. The men
scattered In all directions and disappeared
before the arrival of a number of police
omcers. Comstock Is of the opinion that
the bullet he fired struck one of the men.
as he saw a man limping, as If wounded.
The affair was reported • by Comstock
to Captain 1L C. Anderson of the Mission
police district, and Detectives Fitzgerald
and Graham were detailed en the case.
No trace of the man supposed to have
been wounded could be found. The po
lice belUve that the men who attempted
to assault Regensburger and Comstock
were striking linemen engaged in cutting
telephone wires.
Championship for Stockton.
STOCKTON. Sept. ?.— The third of the
series of three games to determine the
semi-professional championship of Cali
fornia was played this afternoon at Oak
Park before an immense attendance be
tween the Bulletins, champions of the
Central California League, and tlie
Stocktons, leaders of the California State
League. The game was won by the
Stocktons In a fast thlrteen-Innlng game
by a score of 2 to 1. Ingalls and McMur
ray were the winning battery, while Rus
sell and Hammond were the visiting bat
tery. * The first game of the series was
won by the Stocktons and the second by
the Bulletins.
SAN JOSE. Sept. 9.— Score: San Jose, S;
Reliance. 2. : :v
TWO TELEPHONE LINEMEN
ASSAULTED BY STRIKERS
MANY rolfers were out on the
Presidio links yesterday. Dr. J.
R. Clark won from H. M. Hoyt,
1 up, in the final round of the match
play, the qualifying rounds of which were
played on Saturday. Twenty-one players
took part in a club handicap over
eighteen holes, medal score. . Admiral
Trllley. with ' a handicap of 16 strokes,
returned the lowest net score, 82; B. D.
Adamson, J. \v. Byrne and L. F. Mont
eagle tying with net scores of S3 for sec
ond prize. The tie will be played off at
some time, not yet determined. The prize
for the best- gross score was won by B.
r>. Adamson, with 83. The full details are
given in the table:
FOX7R GUNMEN MISS
BUT ONE BLUEROCK EACH
Millwood Gun Club Promotes a Pub-
lie Shoot on Its Home
Grounds.
The Millwood Gun Club held a mer
chandise shoot yesterday at bluerocks on
its own gTounds. The conditions were
twenty targets at sixteen yards. Four
men broke nineteen each. The scores:
Hurt 11. Lewis 12. Beattie 16. Leary 14.
Walpm 19. Iverscn 13. G. Sylvester IT, C. H.
Kewell H. F. Kswell 0. Turria 17, Mars
f.-Uer 15. G.nSon 19. Collins 17. Patrick 1<\
Sfcreve 7. White IS. Van Nord«n 11. Falken
ttein 4. F. Kewell 5, W. Price 15. Zeiner 15.
Farrell 10. Scllom 7. E. KlevesahJ IS. Fisher
11. O. Feudier 17. Johns 14. Murdoch 18. For-
Eter 1^. Kerrison 15. Ashlin lt>, C. H. Kewell
14. Smith It, Ostrander 19. Daniels 1G. Price
UL Eaum 12. Dl^lenbfcck 14, Patrick 10.
Tesra rac*. najnes drawn from a hai; four
man team: 20 birds to a man. from 14 yards:
Winner* — V.* MutCorh 17. H. Hoyt 17, S.
Lean" 1*. C. H. KewelJ 15.
Adamson Captures Prize
for Lowest Gross
Returns.
TOBBENTS OF BAIN FALL
IN KA2CSAS CITY AT NOON
A Rise of More Than Two Feet
in the Biver Is Ex
pected.
KANSAS CITY. Sept. ?.-The heaviest
-ainstora in the history cf Western Mis
touri fell in Kansas City last night and
.o-day. At noon the storm was severe
ind rain fell in torrents. For a time this
ifternoon the street car lines were put
•ut of commission and business was rirac
ically suspended. In six hours, accord
ng to measurements taken at the office
»f the local Weather Bureau, 4.^3 inches
if rain fell. The local weather forecaster
•jrpects a rise of more than two feet in
•oth the Kansas and Missouri rivers by
o-inorrow morning. In the west bottoms
©me of the business houses have two
«>et of water in their basements. In
tosedale. a suburb, water covers the
•trects to a depth cf two feet and no cars
re being run to that place. Turkey and
» K creeks r?se rapidly, and families
.vlriK along- the banks were forced to
?ave their homes. The rise brought down
large amount of drift, and for a time
: tras feared that the bridge which car
ies the flow line across Turkey Creek
ad which supplies Kansas City with
ater would be carried away.
T-JE opening game of Scottish bowl
ing at the new Oakland bowling
jreen was played yesterday by the
San Francisco Scottish Bowling
Club and the Oakland Scottish
Bowling Club.
The new bowling green, at Twenty-sec
ond avenue and East Fourteenth street, is
in splendid condition for a new one, the
ground being dry. whic\ helps the players.
The game opened at 1:30 in the after
noon and was witnessed by several hun
dred spectators, who were attracted by
the novelty of the game, though it has
been played for hundreds of years in Scot
land. The Scottish bowling has no resem
blance to the common bowling game
played on the alleys; it resembles more
the game of shuffle board or the Scottish
game of curling.
The game Is played with four teams to
a side, four players compoatng a team.
At one end of the rink, which is 12$ feet
long by 20 feet wide, a small white ball
called a jack Is placed, and each player
rolls a ball, which is shaped like an
orange, as near as possible to the jack.
When each player has bowled all his balls
those nearest the Jack are counted bo that
if one team has three balls nearer the jack
than the other side the first team makes
three points, whereas if the other team
has one ball nearer than either of the
three of 4he first balls the first three balls
are counted out and the other side gains
one point. Twenty-one points make a
game.
The opening game was won by the San
Francisco club, the visiting team scoring
84 points against 53 points scored by the
Oakland club.
Electric lights will be placed on the new
green, and in the future the game can
be bowled in the evening as well as the
afternoon. The players in yesterday aft
ernoon's game were as follows:
Oakland— Rink 1, Robert Dalilel. Dr. A.
K. Crawford. John Laing and skip Jas.
Hutchison; rink 2, "W. H. Thomson. James
Molr, John Orchlson and skip Andrew
Proctor; rink 3, George McMath, William
Chalmers, James P. Taylor and skip Jo
seph Patullo; rink 4, James. Orchison,
James Rankin, Peter Spaulding and skip
Hugh Forgie.
San Francisco— Rink 1, John Duncan,
Thomas Lattlmer, Hugh Barr and skip
John McLachlan; rink 2, Andrew Mc-
Near, A. A. McVlcar, John McLaren and
skip Y. C. Lawson; rink 3. John Grey.
Thomas McNaught, Alexander Craig and
skip J. E. Moffatt; rink 4, Dr. Hamilton,
Joseph Grey, W. R. Eaton and skip D. G.
Aiken.
The return match will be played on the
San Francisco green on Thanksgiving
day.
The omcers In the San Francisco club
are Y. C. Lawson, president: John Mc-
Laren, vice president; James Rolph Jr..
treasurer: Thomas G. Aitken, secretary,
and James Hutchison, champion.
The officers in the Oakland club are:
J. P. Taylor, president; A. Anderson, sec
retary, G. Lackre. treasurer.
CXEVEB- AMATEUBS WTLI,
BOX PROFESSION-ALLY
Cordell and Angelli in Training for
Forthcoming Match at the
Reliance Club.
OAKLAND, Sept. 9.— On Tuesday even-
Ing. September 22. Jack Cordell and Joe
Angelli will meet in a fifteen-round con
test before the Reliance Athletic Club for
50 per cent of the gross receipts, to be
divided as they may agree upon between
themselves. The articles of agreement
specify that the men shall weigh in at 123
pounds at 5 o'clock on the evening of the
fight.
Both Angelli and Cordell have appeared
in amateur bouts In jsan Francesco a num
ber of times and as amateurs they made
an enviable reputation.
Angelli is doing his work at Croll's Gar
den in Alameda under the supervision of
Harry Foley and Eddie Hanlon. He Is in
excellent shape and weighs about 157
pounds.
Cordell is working at Palo Alto. II? is
being trained for his 'contest by Jack
Johnson, the 1 colored heavy weight.
There will b« two preliminaries. One.
a four-round curtain raiser and the other
an elsht-round contest between McCon
nell and Brown.
PRESIDIO
MEN PLAY
HANDICAP
CAPTAIN WBINGE DECIDES
TO STAY IN AMERICA
Shamrock's Skipper Says He Will
Make Land of Crack Sailors
His Home.
NETV YORK. Sept. 9.-Captaln Wringe,
who sailed the Shamrock III in her races
against the Reliance for the America's
cup. to-day announced that he had de
cided to make this country his home in
the future.
As a result of this Sir Thomas Upton
may be obliged to modify his recent state
ment that he will challenge again pro
vided he can find a designer. Besides a
designer he will now have to find a suit
able skirper. if he still holds to the opin
ion that Captain Wrlnge is the best
handier of single-stickers on the other
tide.
Opening Game Is "Won by
the Men From San
Francisco.
BOWLERS
PLAY ON THE
NEW GREEN
A Manchester. England, man Is suir.sf a
woman fcr breach of promise, ar.d she
is suing him on the same charge. They
•won't agree to a compromise.
singles was extremely exciting and al
though Alfonso Bell, the challenger, won
in straight sets, it was close from start
to finish. The score was 6-3, 7-5. 10-S.
Bell played a magnificent game and at
the net was invincible. The first set was
won quite hnndlly by the new champion.
In the second and third sets the great
struggle came. It was evident at the out
set that Freeman was not in the best "of
condition. He appeared to be afraid to
let himself out. He did not play his usual
steady, careful game, but seemed inclined
to win a point or lose It on one stroke.
He was not up to his last year's form,
but Bell showed great Improvement over
his work a year ago. The fact that Free
man about half the time failed to follow
in his service showed that he was a little
afraid to exert himself.
In the second set first one led and then
the other, until Bell finally won. 7-6.
Freeman had a fine chance to win the
third set, but Bell made a beautiful stand
and pulled up from 5-6 and 0-40. The ex
champion needed but one point to win the
set and had three chances to do it.
Freeman weakened perceptibly in the
last two games and Bell annexed them
quite handily. The loser deserves great
crdit for making such a plucky fight, con
sidering his condition and the heat.
In the forenoon Miss May Sutton de
fended her title successfully against her
sister. Miss Florence, the tournament
winner. The champion won three straight
sets, but the leser made a better show
ing against her clever sister than ever
before.
This makes Miss May's third win and
the challenge cup becomes hers for good.
Both players stayed in the back court
and consequently many lengthy and in
teresting exchanges occurred. The little
champion drove to perfection and the few
times she played at the net smashed with
great speed and accuracy. The score was
6-1, 6-3, 6-2.
After the Bell-Freeman match a special
match was arranged between Miss May
Sutton and Clarence Griffin, a promising
youngster. Discussion has been rife as to
whether Miss Sutton could beat
one of the best of the second
class men. Many of the south
erners claim that Miss Sutton can
beat all but about ten men on the coast.
The local men do not agree with them.
The match yesterday gives a line on the
champion's game as compared with the
games put up by the second-class men.
The match was won by Miss May Sut
ton only after three very close sets, con
sequently she can hardly be ranked
among the first ten players. The score
was 6-4, 1-6, 6-4.
Prizes were presented at 9 p. m., after
which a dance was held at the hotel,
winding up one of the most successful
tournaments ever held on the coast.
Color Photography Successful-
After more than 4000 experiments Dr.
R. Neuhaus ha3 reached results In color
photography which were warmly applaud
ed at a recent lecture and exposition given
by him in Berlin. The chief remaining
defect is that an exposure of ten to fifteen
minutes is still required.
France Advances Interest Bate.
The French Treasury has further ad
vanced the rate of Interest on its bills for
two months to less than six mon-tta from
Ztf to 2 x i per cent. That for one montli
to less than two months, ar.d for six to
twelve months. Is unchanged at 1 per cent.
PUGILIST DIES AFTER
PHILADELPHIA BOUT
Joseph Riley's Opponent and Several
t cf the Seconds Are Placed
Under Arrest.
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. J>. — Joseph
Riley. a bantam-Tveight pugilist, died
shortly after midnight to-night at St.
Agnews Hospital. Riley last night en
gaged in a six-round bout with Grif Jones
at the Southern Athletic Club. The fight
ended in a 'draw and Riley seemed in
good condition at the conclusion of the
fight, but shortly after reaching his dress
ing-room he fell to the fioor and in an un
conscious condition was quickly removed
to St. Agnews Hospital. He never there
after regained consciousness.
Grif Jones. William Hohl. the proprie
tor of the club and several seconds of the
two men in the bout are under arrest.
The dead man fought under the name of
Joseph Riley. bi\t it is understood that
his right name was Olin Knight. He was
C3 years of age.
NEW YOHK TEAM WINS
THE NATIONAL TBOFHY
New Jersey Is Second, Massachusetts
Third and District of Co
lumbia Fourth.
SEA GIRT. N. J-. Sept. 9.— The name of
the first winner to be er.graved on the al
ready famous national trophy provided
by the Congress of the United States will
be that of New York. In a spirited com
petltltion. in progress two full days, the
Empire State team of twelve uniformed
men captured the trophy handily, finish
ing with a lead of eighty-six points over
its nearest competitor. New York's total
was 2S5S, out of a possible 3S00. In addi
tion to the national trophy, valued at
J1000. which will be held by the winning
team only one year, the New York team
won a cash prize of $500.
New Jersey, which scored the second
highest aggregate total of 2302. receives
the Hilton trophy, to be held one yoikT,
and $300.
Massachusetts was third with a total of
2SS3 and will carry home the "Soldier of
Marathon" trophy, to be held one year,
and $200. The District of Columbia,
fourth, with a total of 2ST3. received $150:
Ohio, fifth, -with a total of 2TSS. received
$100. and the United States Marine Corps,
sixth, with a total of 2772, received $50.
A medal will also be presented to each
of the twelve members of each of the six
winning teams. I
KILLS' HIS'DIVOBCEI)
WIFE AND H£B M0TTTF.1t
"Wisconsin Man. Confesses a Do-able
Murder After Attempt at
Suicide Fails.
SPRING GREEN*. Wia.; Sept 9.-Geerg»
Brandt to-day confessed that ha last
night shot and killed his divorced wife.
Mary Brandt, aged S2. and her mother.
Mrs." Mary Murphy, aged 60. at their homa
near here. A 12-year-old son of the
Brar.dta witnessed the shooting.
After the murder Brandt attempted sui
cide, but failed. He gives r.o reason for
the deed.
LJIAD, S. D., Sept. S.— To-day the Amer
ican Mining Congress moved over Into
Lead and after receiving a cordial wel
ccme from Mayer E. F. Irwin. on behalf
cf the city, proceeded to transact the
business cf its sixth annual ses^ljn where
it left cX «.t l>e«dwood Ijs-st nl«ht- Three
sessions were held to-day and with a day
cS to-merrow to enable the delegates,
members and other attendants at the
convention to inspect the mines and min
ing plants In and near Lead ar.d to visit
Bald Mountain. Ruby Basin and Spear
n^h Canyon. Three mere sessions will be
held in Lead en Friday a:;d then the con
gress will go back to Deadwood. where it
txpecta to cor-ciude its work on Saturday
afternoon.
The attendance to-day was enhanced by
tbe arrival cf nearly 100 delegates frcm
Oregon, who were delayed by a railroad
accident and who will invite ihs congress
.o Portlard next year.
The principal speakers of to-day's three
sosfiens viere lien. George E. Roberts,
director cf the mint; John L. Webster
t Omaha ar.d E. \V. Parker cf the Unlt-
J States Geological Survey, Washington,
-'. C. Hach was listened to with the
closest attention and each was given a
rising vote of thanks for honoring the
congress by attending its sessions and for
well prepared and Interesting addresses.
Roberta, just before concluding, referred
to the recent Increase in the vaiue of sil
ver and said he believed silver had seen
its worst days and thai it would before
Jong reach and maintain a stable stand
ard cf value. This statement was re
ceived with a great burst of applause.
This reference by the director cf the
mint to silver led a Deacwood delegate
to submit a resolution against "any fur
ther Ic-pislaiicn by Congress tending to
lestriet the further coinage of silver as
real money or to depress its value upon
the market." The resolution, the reading
of which elicited some applause from the
delegates, was referred to the com
mittee on resolutions.
The address of Parker, which had noth
ing to Co with sold, but dealt irith iron,
coal, etc.. teemed to be somewhat of a
novelty to the majority cf the members.
but was followed with evident interest.
Other addresses at the afternoon ses
sion were delivered by C. W. Merrill of
Lead on "The Metallurgy of Hemestake
Ores," and bj Ur. C C. O'Hara of Rapid
City. S. D., on "Geolcjry and Mineralogy
of the Black Hills." The latter was illus
trated fcy charts and maps. Tae chief
feature of the evening session was the
address cf John L. Webster cf Omaha.
Dr. E. H. Elfcn. Silverton, Colo., dis
cussed "The Geld Ores of San ' Juan
County.**
On motion it «u decided in the morning
to read resolutions which are to be sub
mitted to the congress for action. Among
these was one submitted by Edward F.
Brown cf Denver to petition the Congress
of the United States to pefs a law form
ing- a department of sr.ir.r ? and mining
which chould have the same standing as
the Department of Commerce and Labor.
to be administered by a head regularly
appointed by the President and who
chould take his official place with other
members cf the President's Cabinet. A
resolution was submitted by C. L. Dig
nowity, delegate from Pennsylvania, ask
ing the mining congress to petition An
drew Carnegie to build a suitable and per
manent building at Washington, D. C,
for the exclusive beneSt of the mining in
terests cf America.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. fli— Mrs. Chris
tina Griffith haa instituted euit for di
vorce against her husband. Colonel Grif
fith J. Griffith, who is charged with hav
ing attempted her life at Santa Monica
last week. The papers were filed at a
late hour last nlsrht. but the fact was
not made public until to-day. Colonel
Griffith is out on ball and to-day being
a legal holiday no action could be taken,
save to serve a restraining order upon
the defendant to prevent his making any
disposition of his property, pending a set
tlement of the suit.
The complaint charges extreme cruelty
extending over a period of about four
years and culminating in the shooting
affair Thursday, September 3. which
nearly coat Mrs. Griffith her life. The
plaintiff applies for the custody of her
rifteen-year-old son Vandell and prays
that Colonel Griffith be required to pay
her alimony in reasonable amount and a
sufficient sum for the support of her son.
As co-defendants in the suit the State
Bank and Trust Company, the Pacific
Art Tile Company and the Eriswalter
Land and Water Company are named in
the complaint. The reason given by the
attorneys of Mrs. Griffith for this action
is that the defendant Is supposed to have
large deposits with the bank and is a con
trolling stockholder in the two companies
named. By making the corporations co
defendants disposition of Colonel Griffith's
property is estopped.
From present indications Mr*. Griffith,
the victim of the shooting affair, will re
cover.
XEW YORK. Sept. 9.-^The examination
of Joseph Waherman. a dealer Jn leaf to
bacco, to-day before United States Com
missioner Ridgeway on a charge of buy
ir.g smuggled tobacco brought out the
fart, if the confeslsons of two sailors ar
rested Monday are to be believed, that
there are a number of tobacco merchants
In New York engaged in illicit traffic In
tobacco.
For many months the treasury agents
have been investigating what they felt
assured was a -well laid conspiracy to
smuggle into New York leaf tobacco
used for wrappers on expensive cigars
and bearing a very high rate of duty. It
can be purchased in Holland for SO cents
a pound and easily disposed of In the
United States for 52 50 per pound. Much
of it is smuggled, it is declared, from The
Netherlands by sailors, particularly the
men in the engir.e and stoke rooms, and
the Federal cQicers have been unable to
get their hanci^ on the receivers or pur
chasers.
Sunday night two treasury officials fol
lowed two sailcprs of the Kocnigen Louise,
giving the riShle-s of Thome and Schoon.
who, they say, delivered smuggled to
bacco to Joseph "Waherman. To-day.
when the three nien were arraigned be
fore the Commissioner, the two sailors
made confessions and testified In behalf
of the Government and against Waher
man. The Commissioner held Waherman
for trial in Jl'.OO bail, which was fur
nished. Waherman oenied the charge and
insisted he -was the victim of circum
stances. The sailors were paroled.
TnOLUiTN-E. S*pt. 9.-The Coroner's
inquest in the case of. Walter J. Browr,
who wai killed In a piatol duel durins
the Labor day celebration, will be re
sumed to-morrow. Some cf the alleged
mystery surrounding the shooting was
cleared up and the theory ot a third
party In the tragedy was exploded when
the Coroner's jury visited the seen* and
found that Bro^n could have received
the fatal shot from Godat.
Godat admits firing three shots at
Brown. The jury will find that Brown
fired the first shot. Mrs. Brown testiaed
to that fact and was corroborated by
other witnesses. District Attorney Ded
rlck has a letter which was given to Mxa
by Gcdat before the shooting. In which
Brown wrote to Godat. who was In Je
rome. Ariz., at the time, that he (Brown)
would kill Godat 11 the latter ever Bet fcot
in California. Brown's body was shipped
to San Jose to-day for burial.
Godat is in the hospital and will re
cover. Mrs. Gcdat to-day affected a re
conciliation with her hu3band.
Denver Man Proposes Petition
for a New Portfolio in
Washington.
Complaint Chargas Cruelty
Extending Over a Period
of Four Years.
Two Sailors Are Followed in
New York and Dealer Is
Arrested.
Coroner and Jurors Visit the
Scene of the Fatal
Shooting.
Director of Mint Ex
pects Appreciation
in Silver Value.
Merchants Suspected of
Engaging in Illicit
Traffic.
Wounded Wife of Los
Angeles Capitalist
Brings Suit.
Theory of a Third Party
in the Tragedy Is
Exploded.
MINING CONGRESS
MEET5 AT LEAD
LEAF TOBACCO
WITHOUT DUTY
ASKS DIVORCE
FROM GRIFFITH
DUEL MYSTERY
IS CLEARED UP
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAtL,. 7 B 13 1? SDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1903.
TENNIS, GOLF, BOWLING AND TIMELY FIELD SPORTS
Alfonso Bell Wins Championship Match in Men's Singles,
Defeating Freeman— Miss May Sutton Defeats Her
* Sister Florence and Finally Possesses Challenge Cup
NINE-DAY TENNIS TOURNEY
AT SAN RAFAEL IS CLOSED
THE nine days' tennis tournament
for the coast championships came
to a close yesterday on the Ho
tel Rafael courts. It was by far the hot
test day of the year and the players suf
fered greatly. An extremely large crowd
was In attendance and applauded the
many exciting rallies vociferously.
The championship match in men's
6
san y asco r GOLr D CLUB- AD Missi O .v
COMPETITORS.
II ill 1 :
• • 7 •
Admiral Frllley 45
B. D. A damson 41
J. W. Byrne «
L. F. Montea^le 4$
Charles Page 42
W. J. Dutton 62
R. I. Bentley so
Ia. B. Edwards 40
F. H. Beaver 49
Q. E. Starr 41
Dr. T. G. McConkey 46
H. C. Golcher 42
S. L. Abbot 44
W. H. La Boyteaux.... 4S
C. H. Bentley 47
A. C Blngham 51
S. G. Buckbee 53
R. I). Girvin 65'
F. Madison.... 57
63 8S 18 S2
*2 83 \kt. 83
42 « 2 83
31 09 18 S3
45 90 6 84
48 10O 1« M
« 93 S SS
52 101 16 «5
48 97 12 85
« 90 4 M
45' 91 4 87
45 87 scr. S7
45 K> 2 87
47 »5 « jo
51 OS 8 90
49 100 8 82
64 100| 16 S3
55 110! 16 94
CS 115) 16 99
C. P. Eells and R. V.
Watt made no returns.
san y asco r GOLr D CLUB- AD Missi O .v
COMPETITORS.
II ill 1 :
• • 7 •
Admiral Frllley 45
B. D. A damson 41
J. W. Byrne «
L. F. Montea^le 4$
Charles Page 42
W. J. Dutton 62
R. I. Bentley so
Ia. B. Edwards 40
F. H. Beaver 49
Q. E. Starr 41
Dr. T. G. McConkey 46
H. C. Golcher 42
S. L. Abbot 44
W. H. La Boyteaux.... 4S
C. H. Bentley 47
A. C Blngham 51
S. G. Buckbee 53
R. I). Girvin 65'
F. Madison.... 57
63 8S 18 S2
*2 83 \kt. 83
42 « 2 83
31 09 18 S3
45 90 6 84
48 10O 1« M
« 93 S SS
52 101 16 «5
48 97 12 85
« 90 4 M
45' 91 4 87
45 87 scr. S7
45 K> 2 87
47 »5 « jo
51 OS 8 90
49 100 8 82
64 100| 16 S3
55 110! 16 94
CS 115) 16 99
C. P. Eells and R. V.
Watt made no returns.
MINERAL SPRINGS,
l-ocate.-l nine ciiie» northeast at Red BiuS ci
the lice cf tine Southern Pactie Rail-war.
C*s«s of RHEUMATISM. GOUT AND ALL.
BLOOD DISEASES WILL BE ACCEPTED
UNDER A GUARANTEE THAT THEY WILL.
BE CURED WITHIN A SPECIFIED TIMi;
OR ALL EXPENSES. INCLUDING RAIL-
WAY FARE. WILL BE REFUNDED.
Theaa wonderful springs can b« reached P7
the Southern PactSc Company' • syrtem of rail-
ways and u» coszectlcns thrcushaor tie united
States
For rates of far* ar.4 mites of travel aypty
to any Southern Pacific Railroad A£?3t.
For g-aaraatf« cr reference to cure* *fr«ct*d.
address Uedieal Department. Tuscan Mineral
Spring* Corp.. Tewij. CaL
IDEAL WEATHER
ZS THE E3PSES5IO^ OT
EVE2T OSX AXOXO THE
California Northwestern R'y
The Kcttxresqac Route of Calif ornia.
Ticket Offices of tfcs Cox=r*ay. €50 Market
ftre«t (ChrcslcJa BsUdlzs). *ad Tibrarca Ferry.
foot of Market street. General OfSces. Mu-
tual Him Bui".i:r.s. center of Sasaca* as.d Cal-
ifornia streets, Sas Frandeco.
H. C WHITING. K. 3C_ RTAN.
Gtn'l, Misagtr. Cta'l. gasa'r. At? at.
PARAISO SPRINGS
MOTTirRET COUNTY, ff*T.
The leading Summer Resort of the
Pacific Coast. Hot Soda and Sulphur
Baths, large Swimming Tank, rrrst-
class table. Send for beautiful illus-
trated booklet and rates to F. \V.
Schroedcr, Manager, or San Francisco
Agent, ii Montgomery street.
DEER
HUNTING.
If you wmat to c«t « deer, c- to W1IS:*.
1 IC ZA* !** Wl:u t» Hotel. MeaJociis* Cou=ty
«? fe«fi hcatta* ground la tfc« Stat« near tj
Saa Fraac^co. Dwr *ea*on cr*n «sm~ta.
teat* r 3*. WM. WEIOAND. Pro^
AGUA CALIENTE SPRINGS
OPEN ALL VEAR ROUND. Natural Iwt
•titla*. Far* $1 id. Sure cu« fc* raearnV
».*a. a*tl:zs*. kMirey aad liver trcuilea. Tss
aad feot plan** baths. Ta« Urs«*t ntsara]
ZV? T , i wton^a« ««* ta th* State, Cc=^.-
V!CHY SPRINGS.
•lecwic waters. ch*j= P a*:5« K«2»a. Oafy^ac.
Campbell Hot Springs.
U bean rau to Hoc*; «*«• tcr ¦;»«* cca-
¦f«J« • * nv trata frwa city; rwiSa trta.Continued From Page 1, Column 7.
Admiral Cotton in Readi
ness to Land Marines
at Beirut.
SANTA BARBARA, Sept. 9.— In a lone
ly canyon, near the summit of San Mar
cos Pass, twelve miles from 'this city, P.
C. Kinnevan, the 22-year-old son of Pat
rick Kinnevan, a pioneer resident of this
section of the State, ended his own life
this afternoon by shooting himself in the
head. It is thought the young man was
demented.
Kills Himself in Lonely Canyon.
Housekeeping is made easy if you cook
by gas — our ranges will help you. San
Francisco Gas and Electric Co. •
LOS ANGELES. Sept 9.— After having
been sought by detectives for nearly two
¦weeks, James Murphy, aged 67 years, who
says he Is a Grand Army of the Republic
man and that he came hero three weeks
ago from Chicago, was arrested to-day
and confessed his guilt to numerous
charges of forgery. When placed under
arrest nearly 100 checks filled out for va
rious amounts and bearing various names
were found on his person. He made no
secret of his guilt, and admitted that he
had passed at least thirty forged checks
within two weeks. The number Is believed
to be larger than that, for Murphy says
he does not remember all the places
where he cashed bogus checks. Most of
the checks passed by him bore what pur
ported to be the signature of Governor
Legrange of the Soldiers' Home. Mur
phy's plan was to buy a small bill of
goods, pay for It with a forged check
and receive the balance in cash.
James Murphy Confesses to Having
Passed More Than Thirty
Bogus Checks.
AGED FORGER CAPTURED
BY LOS ANGELES POLICE
The man waited until the engineer had
returned to work, when he made a sud
den. Jump, landing in the flywheel, which
was revolving at the rate of 160 revolu
tions per minute. He went round with
the wheel twice and was then thrown tout.
He was picked up and it was found that
his right leg and arm were both torn off.
His left leg and arm were both broken
and the back of his skull was also crush
ed. The stranger had nothing on his per
son telling who he was. He was about 33
years of age.
ANGELS CAMP, Sept. 9.— Last night
about 2 o'clock a man went into the mill
room at the Melonesmine, below here, and
told tho engineer that two men and two
women were after him, wanting to kill
him, and that he was looking for a place
to hide. He said he would get into the
flywheel of th© air compressor, which
waa running at the time. The engineer
told him to go away, paying no more at
tention to him at that time.
A Demented Stranger
Meets a Terrible
Death.
SEEKS SAFETY
IN A FLY WHEEL
The present Princess of Wales, who was
born on May 26, 1867, received no leas than
eight names at the baptismal font
TORONTO, Ont., Sept 9.-Leopold J.
Stern, the Baltimore manufacturer, in
dicted In Washington for illegal postal
frauds, surrendered to the authorities to
day here. Crown Attorney Dewart. act
ing for the United States Government,
etatcd that a Warrant for Stern's arrest
was en route to Toronto end asked that
the accused be held pending its arrival.
Despite the protest of his counsel Stern
was remanded to jail without bail until
Fridav.
Stern in Jail in Toronto.
BERLIN, Sept. 10.— The Tageblatt says
the German training frigate Moultke will
leave Lisbon for the Mediterranean. She
will stop at a port in Greece and thence
proceed to Syria. The Moultke has 400
men on board, part of whom could be
landed In case of need. She will be the
only German ship in the Mediterranean.
The Lorely, the guardshlp of the German
Embassy in Constantinople, Is now cruis
ing in the Black Sea.
German Marines May Be Landed.
Fleo From Their Homes in Beirut
After the Outbreak.
PARIS, Sept. 9.— The following telegram
has been received from Cairo, Egypt:
"Disquieting rumors are current In re
gard to the situation In Syria. Bedouins
arriving here from the Arish desert say
the Druses are in arms and fears are. en
tertained of a massacre in Lebanon.
"Official reports from Beirut show the
growing gravity of the situation there.
Another Christian was killed yesterday.
The Turkish soldiers are making common
cause with the Mussulmans during the
attacks on Christians. A number of
bouses have been pillaged. One French
shop was completely destroyed and the
French residents, becoming terrorized at
these depredations, have deserted their
homes and sought refuge in the French
College, where between 400 and 500 refu
gees are now gathered.
"The American naval commander, it is
asserted in the dispatches received here,
proposed to land marines at Beirut, but
the foreign Consuls believed the step in
advisable at this time, as it might tend
rRENCH ARE TERRORIZED.
ROME, Sept. 9.— A communication re-^
ceived from the Italian Embassador in
Constantinople Bays that the Turkish
Minister of Foreign Affairs has assured
him that the most energetic measures will
be taken to punish those who were re
sponsible for the recent conflict in Beirut.
The Minister added that there need be no
fear that any such incident would reoc
cur, and asserted that the Porte was
confident that the insurrection in Mace
donia would be "suppressed in one week."
Porte Gives Assurance.
The large Insurgent band which was re
ported on September- 7 as being sur
rounded near Ostrovo, thirty miles from
Monaetir, by twelve battalions of Turk
ish troops escaped to the Kalmakchalan
Mountains, where they are now again
surrounded by the twelve battalions and
six guns.
Rep»rts of the recent fighting at Demlr
Kahu, sixty-two miles from Salonica,
agree in saying that the Bulgarians lost
heavily.
SALONICA, European Turkey, Sept. 9.
The famous revolutionary leader Captain
Zeoyan was killed in the fight at Lake
Aniatovo. in the vilayet of Constantino
ple. Three other Bulgarians were killed
and many were wounded. A quantity of
war munitions and a number of rebel
proclamations were captured by the
Turks on that occasion. One Turk was
killed.
Loses Life in Fight in Vilayet of
Constantinople.
FAMOUS PATRIOT KILLED.
SOFIA, Sept. 9.— The Macedonian organ
izations are preparing a memorandum to
be presented to the representatives of the
powers. In which they will declare that
the insurgents intend to resort to repri
sals for the Turkish atrocities. The
memorandum declares that 6^,000 men,
women and children have been slaugh
tered and 120 villages burned.
The memorandum repeats the state
ments recently Issued by the insurgent
general staff in Monastir that the Turks,
instead of fighting the insurgents, have
instituted a general massacre of tho
Christians.
The organizations declare they are is
suing the present memorandum because
they are no longer able to restrain the
bands from retaliation and henceforward
the responsibility will rest with the great
powers, which, Instead of attempting to
moderate the Turiksh barbarities, are
calling on the Turks to speedily end the
revolution.
Macedonians Will Avenge Massacres
- by Counter Atrocities.
WARNING OF REPRISALS.
"WASHINGTON, Sept. 9.— The Navy De
partment has received a cablegram from
Rear Admiral Cotton, dated Beirut, yes
terday, saying that there were no serious
disturbances in Beirut on Monday night.
The situation there is Improving aoid
public feeling is growing . quieter.
The State Department to-day received
two cablegrams from Minister Lelshman
at Constantinople. It was stated at the
department that Leishman threw no new
light on the situation at either Constan
tinople or at Beirut. Some additional in
structions were sent to Minister Lelsh
man to-day, but these went prior to the
receipt of the cablegrams from him. .A
copy of the report received at the Navy
Department from Admiral Cotton relative
to the situation at" Beirut was sent to th«
State Department. ,
stored in Beirut.
Admiral Cotton Reports Quiet Re-
SITUATION IMPROVING.
The signs of insurgent victories are a
few burned blockhouses. The Turkish
victories are Indicated by the number of
villages deserted and burned and the
number of fires still burning on the neigh
boring hills. Vast columns of smoke are
seen in the direction of Neveska.
The Monastir correspondent of the Daily
Mail sends a graphic account of the sick
ening sights he witnessed in the hospi
tals there. The victims of Turkish bru
tality are mostly Greeks and Wellachi
ans. Many women and children had
wounds from Mauser bullets, proving
that they had been inflicted by regular
troops, inasmuch as the Bashi Bazouks
are armed with Martinis.
The stories told by th© victims tended
to. prove the worst accusations against
the Turkish troops of brutalities and mas
sacres.
LONDON, Sept. 10.— A dispatch to the
Times from Monastir, dated September 3,
says a railway journey from Salonica to
Monastir gives a slight idea of the devas
tation of the country- The Christian pop
ulation seems to have entirely disap
peared. The crops are lying deserted and
the railway stations and villages along
the line are swarming with armed Turks,
few of whom could be described as regu
lars. '
Christian Population Has Entirely
Disappeared.
MONASTIR IS A WASTE.
The nearest French warship to Beirut
is in the Gulf of Volga, Greece, but un
less Nazlm Pasha speedily restores order
and completely safeguards French citi
zens, France will act decisively by dis
patching warships from Toulon.
to Increase the excitement prevailing and
cause a crisis.
"The Vail of Beirut proved himself to
be weak and incompetent to deal with the
situation, and therefore Nazlm Pasha,
the Vail of Syria, was ordered to assume
the direction of affairs in Beirut. Naxlm
Pasha, who has already arrived at his
new post, is displaying great energy. The
Consuls express the hope that he will be
able to stem, the disorder."
FOREIGN EMBASSIES IN CON
STANTINOPLE .AND PASHA
ORDERED TO BEIRUT.
BERLIN, Sept. 9.— A delayed dispatch
from Constantinople to the Lokal An
zeiger (wiilch sometimes prints official
news) says:
Telegraphic consular reports received hero
to-day (Monday) say that the murder of Chris
tians In different raits of Beirut continues.
Disorder prevails and traffic is destroyed.
The consuls also decided to call on Rear
Admiral Cotton for eventual protection of the
foreign consulates, which he later agreed to
furnish. It Is considered that the Americans
could land 500 men. Some Americans. It Is
believed, , have already landed. The American
ships are cleared for action. Oiher warahlpa
are expected.
The German Foreign Office approves of
Admiral Cotton's intention to land a
guard to protect the United States con
sulate in Beirut if necessary, and of his
holding a landing party In readiness to
protect the foreigners there. Neverthe
less the feeling in official quarters over
the appearance of the American ships oft
Beirut appears to be that it complicates
the Turkish situation, "because," it is
asserted, "a new element has been
brought In which acts independently of
the powers, now that the pressure of the
powers is more or less co-ordinated and
the Porte may know what to expect. But
the American action is not easily calcu
lated and will tend to excite the Turkish
Government and add to the perplexities."
Several of the German newspapers,
¦fc'hlle rather restrained in their language,
look with distrust upon the presence of
the American warships at Beirut, as like
ly to disturb the Mussulmans. Other pa
pers, however, say it Is not fair to ascribe
the outbreak to the arrivaj of the Ameri
cans.
German Advices Say American Ma
rines Save Landed.
SHIPS CLEARED FOR ACTION.
garia is trying to contract in Hungary for
ir.,000,000 Mannlicher cartridges.
The Porte has appointed several com
missioners in the vilayet of Monastir to
restore plundered property to its owners.
V^OEKMEN DIG TBENCHES
THROUGH OLD CEMETERY
T:ve Skeletons Are Unearthed at
Marysville in an Abandoned
Burying Ground.
MARYSV1I>LE. Sept. ?.— V.'orkmen em-
I >yed by the City Street Improvement
1 mpany on the sewer work made a
rewsome find to-day while digging a
trench on a gtreet between Fifth and
.vxth streets. When about middle way
t a block a skeleton of a human being
r/iis unearthed, evidently that of a
•voman. All the large bones and skull
were in a perfect sta.te of preservation
and it was thought at first that the
Skeleton was evidence of some terrible
¦rime.
Old residents declare, however, that in
•he early days the pub'.ic cemetery was
cated in the spot that is now one of
'•he principal thoroughfares and residence
portions of the town. From IS4S up to
~.<j% it was used as such, when at that
time the growth of the town demanded
:har the graveyard be moved, but it Is
now evident that not all of the bodies
arera d!f interred.
During the afternoon four other skel
etons were removM and Coroner J. IC
ECeUy has taken charge of the bones and
¦Bill inter them in a grave in the city
cemetery.
BRUSH FIBE CAUSES
at.a-r-w AT YOUKTvTLLE
Oil Tank in Danger Prom Flames
That Sweep Over Thirty-
Acres of Hills
YOUXTVILLE, Sept. 9.— A fire, the ori
pin of which is unknown, broke out in
the hills directly In the rear of the Vet
erans* Home yesterday afternoon at 4
"¦'clock. The wind for a short time driv-
Ing the fire directly toward the Home
buildings, fear was felt that the flames
might reach the . 50,000 gallon oil tank
which stands in the rear of the build-
Jr.gs.
Members of the Home and citizens em
ployed on the place ppent two hours
fighting the fire and finally succeeded In
putting out the flames. Little or no dam
age was done, although the fire spread
over thirty acres of ground.
Fire in Picnic Grounds.
SAN RAFAEL., Sept. 3.— The picnic
grounds and buildings at Schuetzen Park,
near this city, narrowly escaped being
totally destroyed by fire this afternoon.
It was at a time when over 3000 picnick
ers were enjoying themselves, and had It
r.ot been for heroic efforts of some of the
members of Clan Frascr all the large
(.ar.ee paxilion and concession buildings
would have been razed by the flames.
The conflagration was discovered about 3
p. m. and was located upon the hill In the
dry grass and under the dense growth of
oak. After an hour's fighting the flames
were quenched.
PORTLAND, Sept. S.-Ueutenant Colo
i i Charles A. Booth, quartermaster's de
:rtraent. U. S. A., must remain at the
cot or the list of lieutenant colonels for
¦ -, ertofl of nve years for allowing irregu
:t:es to exist in his office. The, findings
:. the general court-martial proceedings
;.painst Colonel Booth were made public
::s bmtuIbs by Brlffauier General Fred
rick Funston, commanding the Depart
ment of the Columbia, who reviewed thc
case.
Colonel Booth was Jn charge of rjuar-
I'TRiattfr's stores at Fort Davis. Alaska,
:<nd was tried by general court-martial
I r irregularities in his department. The
j^urt held Booth suilty of tnisnuinage
it and negligence and sentenced him
to r-rnain at the foot of the list of lieu
enant colonels during the rest of his
Mve service— eleven years. General Fun
on. in reviewing the sentence, reduced
;ne time to five years.
Among the ppec'flcations againr-t Colonel
Booth was one concerning the purchase
of Cigars, which it is said were later re
tailed to the officers at greater prices than
were paid the manufacturer for them.
Although Colonel Booth arrived at Van
couver Karracks some months a«o under
*r<cial orders to await the action of a
K*::eral court-martial, he was made an
nfTW-r of the summary court during the
ir.:erim. Perhaps no other recent official
action hns irritated the average Van
c over soldier more than this placing of
«r. officer who v.-as himsel£^under charges
o: fraud over him to pass judgment in the
case cf minor offenses.
Special D.B] :•.-}•, to The Cail.
The Bulgarians who were arrested here
on the eve of the anniversary of the Sul
tan's accession have been released.
Sixty battalions of redifs, on a war
footing, are waiting at the different mob
ilization centers in Anatolia, ready to
start at a moment's notice.
The only news from the interior to-day
Is of the severe engagement with a strong
insurgent band which occupied a position
near Lake Anlatovo, in the vilayet of
Constantinople. The fight lasted until
nightfall.
Notwithstanding the large number of
troops concentrated at Adrianople the
regiment of Haminieh cavalry, to which
the Sultan presented colors on September
4, will leave here this evening for Adri
anople. It is alleged that the dispatch
of these troops can have only one mean
ing, namely, massacres in which the
Kurds are destined to play the same part
as the Circassians did during U13 Russo-
Turklsh war.
The Porte intends to concentrate 50,000
to 70,000 troops at Adrianople. It is said
that 2900 insurgents have been surround
ed at Kirk Kilisseh, thirty-two miles
from Adrianople, and official circles here
momentarily expect news of their sur
render or annihilation.
Jt Is considered probable that France
will send warships to Beirut, and her
example Is likely to be followed by other
power? Several of the diplomats here
drew the serious attention of the Porte
on Monday to the situation In Beirut,
demanding that measures be taken to
prevent a further outbreak and insisting
on the recall of the Vali who was in
office when the outbreak occurred.
No further consular dispatches have
been received recently from the vilayets
of European Turkey. It Is be'Jeved here
that the rigorous repression exercised by
the Turks in the vilayet of Monastir will
result In uniting all of the Christians
against the authorities.
Nazim Fasha, Vali of Syria, was or
dered from Damascus to Beirut, where he
arrived yesterday. The Porte announces
that Nazim Pasha was sent to Beirut
with two battalions of troops to take tem
porary charge of affairs there. The Vali
of Beirut, it is announced, has not been
Oprived of his authority, but will "prob
ably remain inactive at his post during
the stay of Xazim Pasha at Beirut."
"While the rioting- was in progress, the
Beirut advices further slate, an appeal
was made to Rear Admiral Cotton to
land marines, but he replied that he could
not intervene in a quarrel among Otto
man subjects.
The foreisn Consuls in Beirut met on
Monday and decided to make serious rep
resentations to the local authorities look
ing- to the preservation of order. They
also dertdpd to telegraph to their respec
tive EmhaFsadors or Ministers in Con
stantinople, demanding the recall of the
incompetent Vail of Beirut and ursine
that warships be sent for the protection
of the Europeans.
COXSTANTJNOPLE, Sopt. D.-Corisu:ar
accounts received here from Beirut total
ly differ from the Turkish Government's
¦version of the recent outbreak there.
The Vali of Bofrut was not on board the
I'nited States flagship Brooklyn when the
first brawl occurred, but wan in the coun
try. Contrary to the official version, the
dispatches say the Mussulmans first at
tacked the Christians, and the troops
which intervened sided with the Mussul
mans. One of the pillaged houses be
longed to a French citizen. Though there
has been no further disturbance at Bei
rut since Sunday great uneasiness,
amounting almost to a panic, prevails
among the Christians, many of whom
have left Beirut and sought refuge in
Lebanon.
Porte Dispatches Nizam Pasha to Be-
store Order in Beirut.
CONSULS DEHLA2FD ACTION.
Eight thousand Turkish troops have
gone from Leser.grad to the Bulgarian
frontier.
The towns of Prilop and Monastir are
surrounded by troops and no one is al
lowed to enter or leave.
The Inhabitants of the district cf Oko
rida have armed themselves with rifles
and Joined the insurgents in the moun
tains. The Turkish authorities in the
Adrianople vilayet have ordered the de
struction of mills and granaries. Thou
sands of women and children In the dis
trict are hiding in the mountains and
starving.
A band ot CjO revolutionists engaged the
Turkish trocps between Mtinik and Deral
rihls?ar. The Turks are reported to have
Jos', heavily.
OFIA. Sept. 9.-The Dnevnik says
V.^5^ the Consuls at Sa'onica have re
."j) quested their Embassadors to send
C2 »"^ warships to that port, aa they are
!n fear cf dynamite outrages.
ente^ce cf Ccurt-martial
¦ or. Mismanagement
Mads i-Voi-c.
Lieutenant Colonel to
Serve Without
Promotion.
BOOTH TO STAY
AT THE BOTTOM
Heavy Lcsses to
Turks in a
Battle.
*—¦—¦— - .fr- _
Forei^iers • Fear
Dynamite Out
rages.
CONSULS IN SALONICA MAKE APPEAL FOR WARSHIPS
PRIEST OBJECTS
TO UNION'S OATH
Alleged Contention Be
tween Clergy and
Labor Order.
Controversy Hinges on Nature
of Obligation Taken
by Members.
MILWAUKEE. WJs.. Sept. 9.— The
Journal to-day says: The slogan for
what promises to be one of th* biggest
contentions Itj which organized labor
has been engaged — one with the Cath
olic church — has been sounded by-
Father M. J. Ward of Beloit, who has
declared that nefther he nor any other
priest of the Roman Catholic faith will
give absolution to those who have taken
the oath of the International Typo
graphical Union. The oath of this
union is alleged to require that the
member's allegiance to his union shall
have priority over every obligation, re
ligious or otherwise.
Father A. F. Schlnner. administrator
of the archdiocese, said to-day that
Father Ward was altogether Justified in
making such a statement and that he
would himself nay the same thing.
Father Schlnner's name Is included In
the list forwarded to the Pope for a
successor to the late Archbishop F. X.
Katzer.
RETURNS BY ACCIDENT
TO HOME OF BOYHOOD
Kidnaped at Age of 7, Marcus Hecht
man, Now 22, Is Recog
nized by Father.
PORTLAND. Or., Sept. 9.— After wan
dering around the globe for 15 years, for
getting even his birthplace and the names
of his parents, from whom he had been
kidnaped. Marcus Hechtman. now 22
years old, walked Into tlje store of his
father in this city this afternoon to look
at a watch and was recognized by the
aged Jeweler as hl3 long lost Bon, whom
he had long mourned for dead.
Stolen by a wandering troupe of variety
performers when 7 years old, young
Hechtman has been around the world
and it was only by the merest chance
that he came to Portland. The long
years of separation and the constant
change of scenery had gradually oblit
erated all recollection of his life In Port
land. His mother knew him the instant
she saw him. He was identified by a
scar on his chin, as well as by his gen
eral appearance, which the old man de
clares has changed but little. He parted
from the troupe some years ago In Rus
sia.
Heroic Work Alone Saves Valuable
Warehouses and Machinery
From Destruction.
FIRE AT NILES DESTROYS
PROPERTY WORTH $20,000
NILES, Sept. 9. — Fire destroyed the
office, cutting sheds, evaporator, almond
shelter and huller and engine-rooms of
Edward A. Ellsworth's dryer here to
night, valued at $10,000, with $10,000
worth of dried fruit. Ellsworth was
badly burned about the face and left
hand. Only the heroic work of neigh
bors saved two warehouses containing
machinery and fruit valued at $100,000.
No cause is known for the fire. Last
spring 1 an attempt was made to set hay
afire In the barn and a field by un
known parties. It is supposed that this
was another attempt, as the fire was
first discovered in the northwest corner
of the sheds, farthest from the house.
Gravel Train Is Wrecked.
REDDING. Sept. 9.— Five cars loaded
with gravel and a caboose of the north
bound train were wrecked last evening
just south of Sime. The train crew was
In the caboose, but escaped serious in-
Jury, their car merely turning over. Road
master Hart went from here to the scene
and had the track cleared in time to al
low, the express from Portland, due at
10:45 o'clock, to pass on schedule time;
but in running back with his locomotive
and caboose ahead of the express the ca
boose and tender were wrecked at Ken
nett and traffic was delayed.
Colleges Formed Into Vicarate.
BALTIMORE. Sept. S.— It was an
nounced at St. Mary's Seminary to-day
that all the Sulplcian seminaries and
colleges in the United States have been
formed into a province or vicarate. Dr.
Dyer, who has been connected with St.
Mary's Seminary for a number of years,
was selected as the director of the affairs
of the order in this country. His respon
sibilities will be shared by a council con
sisting of the rectors of the various edu
cational Institutions of the country. The
personnel of the council Includes Rev. J.
Guibert of San Francisco.
Press Club Holds Moonlight Bun.
The Press Club held a moonlight run to
San Mateo last evening as the guests of
the United Railroads. Five cars • were
placed at the disposal of the club. The
members and guests had a delightful ride
and on their arrival enjoyed dancing and
refreshments at the Hotel Mateo. Presi
dent James Tyler. Elmore C. Lefflngwell,
"William C. Holliway and other members
of the club acted as a reception commit
tee.
THE 5AN FRANCISCO CALL, THp'KSDAY, SEPTEMBER 10. 1903.
7
ADVEBTISZMENTS.
f» CELEBRATED H#
n*s» STOMACH £»
Sick Headache, Flatulency,
Belching, Loss of Appetite, Indi-
gestion, Dyspepsia and Constipa-
tion are all caused by the stomach
becoming weak. Strengthen it
with the Bitters and be cured of
these ailments. It never Jails.
Be sura to try it. •>»
6 visit DR. JORDAN'S great $
Museum of anatomy^
CT^ The !_i,-cm Automic— Museum in thr \
Q ~er World- Wokncuo ur ii.r e<«itr«ctoi Q
l F : ~''^3b <:¦«•« r»Mt"l7 ryr«4 l>)r Ihe olool
O #£•; « I ou li.e r.uui Em. jt jrcare. O
A jjCJfV I OR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF KEN A
i ifilj'Sfi CoiwvkatJOB fret ar.4 vt.-i'tly priritf. \
0 I i»2/lJ Traatmf .t pertonkliy nc bv letter. A Q
I /Ml J'anav* Curt in eirery else undertakes. T
A r 7 HA .1 r - la li .'i KBi».u<iC)i'n»of i)
'I ll * »*•«•«•**»•-• UA!t-EI> F«to. ( A r
> O /J. valuatric uook for nira) • \
¥ OB. 4OBDA2V A CO.. 1051 Market Ht-.S. F. V
t»'*ifr''^>^ < &~'^r^*& »Jj| %i TJfc X}% Tfc Tfc T* fl
ADVERTISEMENTS.
j Positively cured by these
I little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect rexnedj for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste ia the Mouth, Coated Tongua
I Pain ia the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Pric©-
GOOD
HOUSEKEEPING
Good Housekeeping is a " homey "
: magazine— original, bright and full
of good cheer. It ha* a distinct fla-
vor, which fascinates and yet helps
every member of the family — father,
mother, daughter, son. Its growth
Is phenomenal yet stable — over
5 00,000 regular readers every
month. At least 160 pages each issue
— finely illustrated by leading artists.
An Illustrated Magazine
FOR ALL THE FAMILY
WRrraas most PZOMINZNT ia their
respective spheres are contributing
real Good Housekeeping matter,
covering both the homely details of
everyday work, and, in a bright and
readable way, the principles -underly-
ing all questions affecting home life.
$1.00 per year— 10 cents ¦ copy.
A free sample copy to all requesting.
AGENTS WANTED
1 *--— -»~- ¦¦-"¦¦--^ -¦- -* -..-.•.--.—-.- >¦>.-¦¦,*
1 Good HorsxKXEpiNG wants a subscrip.
I tlon representative in every citv and town
1 in the west. To those who wi!l give all or
a portion of their time it offers attractive
work and pavs exceedingly liberal commis-
sions. It will par you to investigate. A
i postal card will Bring particulars. Writ*
1 at once so as to be the first ia your field.
The Phelps Publishing Co.
• Pacific Coast Ofifce,
59 Columbian Building, San Fnnclsco, Ca!,
AT ALL NEWS 8TAND8
I BEERS I
I Th* Highest Priced btrt '1
[J the Best Quality. *
H '60LD EVERYWHERE* I]
li HELBERT MERCANTILE CO.. U
¦ Paclflc Coast Agents. JB
II IS THE MARK OF L
Stij-ji TLJIT TJITQ'T" t* * I
pj CLUETT, PEABODY <S» CO. I
§§»• "^ MAKERS Jfc& J
V^r\ (PATENTED). /*2\\
§K SPHEROID /(]
|<P EYEGLASSES 4^
I 1 Are Seientifio Creations, S^.j
I '**? Giring Perfeot Vision. \\
\ J PRICES MODERATE. VJ
>**§^&J MENANDWOMEIf.
<ra59#«TCB£*N$fi C«« B!( O for nnnatartl
tSSHTtm l «• t iijJH dUeharges.lnflawmations,
MSB Qiwutwl If Irritations or nlcaritloaa
¦ 4BV aat <• «trt«t»r«. of mo com membrtnss.
¦" m Tmm* f«Mi««<M Piln'ieii. and aot »»trla«
HTSVhiEMMChEMIMLCO. gent or poioonons.
VfiA C!MimTJ,0.ESS8 «•!«! «»r DranrUU.
O.S.A. jMBr or Mnt is plain wrapper,
fflfflKrW ditrTffl t>T exprans, prepaid. lor
tl-00. or 3 bottles t2.1i.
¦w u circolaf net on rsqnert.
XgV O£WEY,STRONG diCO.^?^
J# 3
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Prloa Lists Mailed
on Application.
rBESH AND SA1T MEATS.
IAS RflYFS * C(i Shipping Butchers. 101
JAJ. DUIEJ g tU. Clay. T«l. Mala 123*.
' OXLS. ~ ™*
LUBRICATING! OILS: LEONARD & ELLI3.
¦US Front at.. S. F. Phone Main JT1V.
_______ .
ECHUfiBES, ' .,, _5S_*S. ,, r.
THE WEEKLY CALL
oer Year.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Jjji CAUTION!
As poor butter spoils
vjBm&fec^SM good bread, so poor
fl^Kjf 1 Zl^Ssisfl sauce destroys the flavor
/Mb ' o^" S 00^ f°°d. Buy the
THE ORIGINAL WORCESTERSHIRE.
Beware of unscrupulous dealers who so far forget their own interests and
the health of their customers as to sell you worthless imitations of
LEA ic PERRINS' SAUCE.
.^ JOHN DUNCAN'S SONS, Agentt, NEW YORK.An insolvent woman has applied for relief from her
debts in one of the United States courts. Her ap-'
peal, so unusual as to excite general comment, speaks
well for the fair sex and its keen understanding of
financial obligations. As a rule in insolvency pro
ceedings, woman is generally the cause of man's
predicament, but is kept discreetly in the back
ground.
Thr Governor of Nevada has announced that he will
not surrender the convicts Miller and Woods, who
v.cre captured in Reno, until California pays the re
tvard offered for the apprehension of the desperadoes.
If the Governor of Nevada thinks that this brace of
jail birds will make any distinct contribution to the
citizenship of his State he should keep the worthies
and Jet the reward go by default. _
SO much opposition has been made to the adop
tion of a currency bill at the coming session of
Congress that unless the advocates of the meas
ure be earnest, vigilant and energetic it is more than
likely the plan of reform will have to go over for
another year and then have to be argued all over
again. The plea of the opposition is that the enact
ment of a bill "revolutionizing our currency system
on the eve of a Presidential election" would be folly.
The answer is that no revolutionary legislation is
asked for or desired, and that it will certainly be bet
ter for Congressmen to go before their Constituents
with a record of useful work performed than with
the stigma of neglecting one of the most important
issues of the time.
As Secretary Shaw stated at the Chicago ban
quet a few days ago, the legislation asked for by the
advocates of reform is anything but revolutionary.
It is not even drastic. It relates only to the question
THE CURRENCY PROBLEM.
At a recent Kentucky camp meeting just as the
services had reached an ecstacy of devotional feeling
three men were murdered. For Kentucky, we regret
deeply to say, this Js a lamentably poor showing.
The man who wants the State to pay him for his
team and horses, stolen from him by the Folsoni es
capes, is either the greatest; optimist in California or
a practical joker who should be suppressed. Does
he think that California intends to pay for the enter
tainment of her malefactors on vacation? We are
paying enough in humiliation over the criticism of
our sister States. . >7 ">.• •
A Japanese gunboat prevented, at the point of her
guns, the other day, the entrance of an American
merchantman to a Korean port. Japan may find to
her cost some day that small nations like small boys
learn the. use. of deadly weapons only. after the most
insistent practice and with almost inevitable damage
to themselves.
It has been asserted with all the gravity of inspired
truth that high ;Turkish officials don't \ want war.
Who ever was idiotic enough to suggest that they
ever wanted war? What they want and' what they
seek is the very diabolism of. fiendish butchery
worked out relentlessly. upon defenseless beings.
King Edward is also a clergyman of th*
Church of England, with a salary. Ii{
Pembrokeshire, Wales, St. David's cathe
dral claims Kins Edward as a preben
dary, and for this office he is entitled to a
salary of £1 per annum.
Townserd's California glace fruits and
candles. 50c a pound, in artistic fire
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market St., above Call bldg. •
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen'a), 23ft Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main lotl. •
Santa Fe to Retrench.
TOPEKA, Kans.. Sept. 9.— J. W. Ken
drick, third vice president of the Santa
I e, while passing through here to-day
said the boilermakers who struck at La
Junta would not be taken back. Ken
drick also announced that the contem
plated extensive Improvements on the
Santa Fe would not be carried out this
year. This is on account of the policy of
retrenchment in expenses which has been
adopted by the management.
Captain Martin Returns.
Captain of Detectives John Martin re
turned from hia vacation on Tuesday
night and was at ¦ his desk yesterday
morning. He visited, -New York, Chicago
and Washington, and says he spent a
very p'.easant time In each city. He
thinks, however, there is no place like
the queen city of the golden West.
A RECENT inspection of the registration of
voters in several districts of New York dis
closed the fact that every voter known to be
a Tammany man was duly registered, while a large
number of Republicans and of independents were
not registered. A similar investigation in almost
any American city would disclose similar conditions.
The bosses, whether of Tammany or not, are sure to
get their henchmen registered in time for every
election that comes. They are as ready to act at the
primaries and at the smallest city election as at a
Presidential contest. Too often, however, the class
of voters upon whom a municipality must rely for the
election of honest men to office and for the main
tenance of good government are so indifferent to
their civic duties that they ignore the primaries alto
gether and not infrequently forfeit a right to vote
by failing to register.
The United Republican League has undertaken to
rouse the attention of all voters to the importance of
seeing that they are properly registered, so that
they can take part in the elections to be held in this
city. It is to be hoped the efforts of the league will
be completely successful and that we shall have a
full registration and a thoroughly representative
vote in the bond elections, in the Geary-street Rail
way election and in the municipal election which is to
follow.
For the information of voters the league circular
calls attention to the fact that the last day on which
they can register for the coming elections is Septem
ber 23, and says: "If you were not registered for the
gubernatorial election in November, 1902, or for the
primary election in. August, 1003, or if you have
changed your residence. since your last registration,
you must register now in order to vote at the coming
elections. Citizens who will have resided in this city
one year on November 3 are entitled to register now.
Twenty-onesters who will become of age on or be
fore November 3 are entitled to register now. If
you are registered in any other county in this State
send for a transfer of registration to the County
Clerk of the county in which you formerly resided,
and when received take it to the registration office in
this city. The registration office at the City Hall
(McAllister-street entrance) is open from 8:30 a. m.
to 5 p. m. and from 7:30 p. m. to 9:30 p. m. Go
now. Don't wait until the last few days. It only
takes a few minutes."
While the advice given in the circular runs to
members of all parties, 'and to .voters generally, it
has a special appeal for Republicans, since it is well
known that a neglect of municipal elections is one of
the political offenses to which Republicans are much
more prone than the members oj opposition par
ties. In repeated instances the, failure of Republican
candidates has been due solely to the neglect of Re
publicans to register or to vote. This time the is
sues are of exceptional importance, and every citi
zen should see to it that he assures himself the right
to vote and to vote right on every question that is
to be submitted to the people of San Francisco this
fall. .
WHERE REPUBLICANS PAIL
UPON the announcement of the signing by the
United States and China of the commercial
treaty which opens to our trade the ports of
ZWukden and Tatungtao the London Spectator de
clared the event to be a great triumph for Mr. Hay,
and added: ""It is indeed a crowning proof that he
is one of the ablest and most successful of living
<i;plomatists, or rather of Foreign Ministers."
Profiting by the occasion, the Spectator makes use
of it to present a brief but carefully prepared review
of the work of the Secretary, together with an esti
mate of his rank as a statesman. It is pointed out
that when Great Britain received him as Embassador
from the United States it was believed he would
achieve just such Success as might be expected of a
man of letters sent to serve in a capital where letters
are honored by all classes and where literary distinc
tion is a passport to social and political preferment.
It was with surprise, therefore, that when the
war with Spain broke out and the Embassador was
called upon to deal with difficult problems of diplo
macy British observers saw Mr. Hay develop a ca
pacity and a courage of the highest order.
In reviewing phase of the career of Mr. Hay
the Spectator says that in the face of threats of Eu
ropean intervention from some quarters, and of a
thinly veiled hostility elsewhere, he showed himself
endowed with a wise and comprehensive outlook on
affairs, a diplomatist who could cross swords with
the ablest foreign diplomats and easily hold his own.
It goes on to say: "Instead, as was prophesied, of
the man of letters being puzzled and perturbed by
the task of meeting the finesse and '.iostility of a
dexterous professional diplomacy, Mr. Hay showed
himself at once perfectly self-possessed and able to
parry and thrust in the great game with the utmost
assurance. He showed that should occasion rise
he would know how to meet the bully with firmness,
how to take fulsome declarations of friendship at
their true value, and how to run great apparent risks
without showing a trace of uneasiness."
The British critic attributes much of Mr. Hay's
success' to the training he had during his service as
private secretary to Lincoln during the Civil War,
saying: "It was in such a place and such an at
mosphere of fierce war and fiercer intrigue that the
young Hay watched and shared the serenity with
which Mr. Lincoln faced and came victorious out of
crisis after crisis. * * * After such a training
under such a master Mr. Hay had little to learn. A
shallower man might possibly have unlearned this
great lesson *n,a generation of leisured ease, but fine
spirits are finely touched to fine issues, and the true
steel of Mr. Hay's character was brought by those
terrible years to a. temper which it has never lost."
The great masses of the, American people have not
needed this commendation* of a British critic to
bring to their minds a recognition of the genuine
greatness of the Secretary of State, still it is gratify
ing to have this evidence that his worth is appre
ciated abroad as well as at home. As his duties are
almost exclusively those of a Foreign Minister, his
influence is widely felt, and from the first it has been
a power making for the good of the world and the
maintenance of a peace secured by honesty and fair
dealing among nations as among good men. In
that respect his influence is likely to endure after
he retires from office, so that he will be remembered
among the great Forcign # Ministers of all lands and
of all times who have contributed to the development
of an ideal diplomacy based upon justice and con
ducted with truth and plain speaking.
SECRETARY HAY.
NEW YORK, Sent. 9.— From San Fran
cisco -J. Autmark, at the Hoffman; C.
F. Gardner and wife, at the Gregorian;
R. H. Hammond, at the Everett; N.
Holm, at the Graryl Union; F. C. Iramel
and wife, at the Ashland; Mrs. J. A. Kit
tle and J. C. Kittle, at the Manhattan;
B. Iievy, at the Herald Square: Mrs. R.
Lillienthal, at the Marlboroutjh: Miss M.
Lyman, at the Normandie: Mrs. Michan
and D. Michan, at the Union Square; M.
B. Mihran, at the Continental; F. H. Pike,
at the Morton House; Mrs. G. Van Worst,
at the Marlborough: J. D. Wells, at the
Manhattan: G. A. Wyman, at the Cos
mopolitan; N. E. Baker, at the Grand;
A. I. Kittle, at the Manhattan.
From Los Angeles — A. Millar, at the
Grand Union.
Californians in New York.
Rear Admiral Cotton has reported to the Govern
ment that the presence of American warships at
Beirut has given great confidence to all foreigners
and Christians. It is very evident that these self
same foreigners and Christians have never been on
board of some of Uncle Sam's fighting ships. If they
had "confidence" would not be the proper word.
John Farnham is a candidate for re
nomination to the office of Public Admin
istrator. His friends point to his official
record and assert that he deserves an
other term as a reward for good service.
Former State Senator Thomas C. Maher
and A. Van der Naillen Jr., formerly
Commissioner of the Board of Public
Works, are active candidates for the Re
publican nomination.
There seems to be universal desire for
a new deal in the County Clerk's office —
for the nomination of some aspirant who
has never been connected with the of
fice. George Boyne is a candidate for the
Republican nomination and is said to
have the support of many delegates.
George C. Adams, another capable Re
publican, is in the field for the favor of
the convention. .
COUNTY CLERKSHIP.
Th© Republican local convention will as
semble at the Alhambra Theater, corner
of Eddy and Jones streets, next Tuesday
evening. The selection of J. S. Partridge
for chairman would not be surprising.
The charter of San Francisco, article
XVI, section 4, provides:
Any person holding a salaried offlc* under
the city and county, whether by election or by
appointment, who shall, during his term of
office, hold or retain any other salaried office
under the Government of the United States, or
this State, or who shall hold any other sala
ried office connected with the government of
the city and county, or who shall become a
member of the Legislature, snail b- deemed
to have thereby vacated the office held by him
under the city and county.
It is clear enough that General Shafter
would not t>e compelled to resign from
the army in order to accept a nomination
for Mayor. When the late Colonel Men
dell, a retired officer of the United States
army, v.as appointed a Commissioner of
the Board of Public Works efforts were
made by the political foes of Mayor Phe
lan to nnd decisions against the validity
of the but such decisions
were not found.
WHAT CHARTER SAYS.
Many 'citizens of San Francisco, among
them Republicans, Democrats and non
partisans, predict that General Shatter
would be elected Mayor if he were nomi
nated for that office by the Republican
convention. General Shafter was recently
placed on the United States army retired
list with the rank of major general. The
grade is high and the emoluments for life
are considerable. The question is ire-
Quantly asked whether he could afford to
terminate his army career In order to
serve the city for a brief period. General
Stoneman resigned from the army to ac
cept th© office of Governor of California,
but after service for four years as chief
executive of th© State Congress restored
to him th* rank and pay which he sur
rendered In order to render himself eligi
ble, beyond all doubt, to the office of
Governor.
It is still an open question whether an
army officer on the retired list car. be
classed as a salaried officer of the Fed
eral Government. Men familiar with the
decisions bearing directly on that point
assert -that th© pay of an oflicer on the
retiied list is a gratuity In the nature of
a pension and is not a salary. Argument
is advanced that General Shafter would
not be required to forfeit «this pay which
the Government bestows in order to ac
cept sen-ice under the municipality. It
is contended that the leading decisions
are to I his effect.
Burton will visit the Lower Elbe near
Hamburg and the canals of Northern
France before going home.
We found illustrations throwing light upon
almost every proposition in the rlrer and har
bor works of the United States. Everywhere
In Europe there la a disposition to make in
creased use of the inland . waterways, whether
rivers or canals. The value of these means o£
transportation Is coming to be realized more
and more. In France and Germany and por
tions of Russia' the quantity of freight carried
by water Is increasing more than that carrleJ
by rail. There is a strong movement for the
improvement of the inland waterways and there
is a growing opinion also, though not as potent
or universal, in favor of tolls on the water
ways which are Improved. It would seem that
Europe affords better opportunities than Amer
ica to study the relations between railroads
and waterway transportation because fre
quently a state which Is improving Its river*
and , buildln? canals also owns the railroads.
But for various reasons the field Is not much
better. In some countries the policies adopted
tojyard the tw» methods of transportations are
widely different. In others the railways and
waterways are managed by different Govern
ment departments, each trying to make a good
showing, and the competition which arises is
almost as keen as in the United States.
Burton, who is accompanied by Major
F. Mahan, United States engineer corps,
retired, and his secretary, Mr. Floyd, was
received most courteously in the coun
tries through which they passed. Russia
presented Burton a steamer for his trans
portation and Professor Timonoff and
other engineers went with Burton and his
party on the Volga from Tyre to Tsarit
zln, 1660 miles..
Burton spent eleven days on the Volga
and then visited Black Sea harbors, the
Danube and the Upper Elbe. Speaking of
his investigations, which were begun in
June, Burton said;
Congressman Burton, chairman of the
Rivers and Harbors Committee of the
House, who has returned here from hia
inquiry into the river and harbor im
provements in eastern and southern Eu
rope, says this is the only canal project
seriously considered in Europe that com
pares In expense to the proposed Erie
canal improvement. The Rhine-Elbe ca
nal was estimated to cost $60,000,000.
though it is now thought it will cost con
siderably more.
BERLIN. Sept. 9.— Th© Prussian Cab
inet has decided to propose again to the
Landtag the c/onstruction <Sf a great cross
country canal to connect the Rhine,
Weser and Elbe, thus completing- th©
Emperor's proposed system of internal
waterways. *
• * *
A pretty home wedding took place las:
night at 622 Broderick street, when Mis;
Lulu A. Hund and Edward Gaylord Stew
art were united in matrimony by the Rev.
Father Lagan. The bride, a winsome bru
nette, was given into th© keeping: of tfc«
groom by her father, J. S. Hund. Th»
bride was gowned in a dainty creation of
point d'esprit and wore the traditlona'.
veil of tulle. She was attended by Lena
Swift as maid of honor and Miss Mary
Parker as bridesmaid, th© former becom
ingly gowned in blue and the latter in
white. The groom was attended by Rob
ert Stewart, The scheme of decoration
was white and green and was tastefully
carried out in both the parlors and din
ing-room. The young: coupl© will leave In
the morning for a short trip to Monterey,
after which they will start for Denver,
where they will make their home.
• • • •
A small coterie of San Francisco peo
ple attended a wedding at the Vendome
Hotel. New York, yesterday, when Miss
May Anderson, daughter of Captain, and
Mrs. J. F. Anderson of this city, became
the bride of George Isles Jr. of Scotland.
Mrs. Catherffte Collins of New York was
matron of honor, and th© groom was at
tended by one of a party of friends who
came over from England for the nuptials.
Captain Anderson was unable to be pr»«»
ent, but the . bride's mother went *"¦ '^m,
with her to meet . the groom in Ne*^
York. Mr. and Mrs. Isles will spend the"
next year and a half traveling in Europe,
where the groom has extensive business
interests. They will later reside in New-
York.
• • •
There was a quiet weddlngr last evening
at the home of Mr. and Mrs. Charles D.
Evers. on Shotwcll street, when their
daughter. Miss Clara Evers. became the
bride of H. C. Siem. in the presence of a
small number of Invited guests. Th*
bride is a talented young woman who ha*
spent considerable time in th© study of
music. The groom is well known in busl.
ness and political affairs and is also con.
nected with several fraternal organiza
tions of this city. The happy couple will
spend their honeymoon in the south.
I Grace Church was the scene of a reiy
pretty wedding yesterday at 1 o'clock,
when Mlsa Virginia Russell Ledyard ot, y
this city and Earle Beeney of Oakland
were united In marriage by ths Rev. Dr.
Ernest Bradley. Two hundred and titty
Invited guests thronged the church, which
was handsomely decorated with white
roses and foliage. "O Promise Me" was
rendered by Malcolm Fraser at th© be
ginning of the service. The bride was
charming: In a gown of white etamin©
over allk. with bridal veil and bouquet of
Bride roses. Miss Dorothy Ledvard. maid
of honor, wore a dainty gown at pink net
over pink silk and carried pink roses.
George Beeney, brother of the groom, was
best man. I. L. Bevans. uncle of the
bride, gave her into the keeping of the
groom. The ceremony was followed by a
breakfast for relatives at the Kenll
worth by the bride's aunt. Miss Dorothy
Bevans. Mr. and Mrs. Beeney are visit
ing the southland on their wedding trip,
and upon their return will reside in Oak
land, where the groom has business in
terests.
The Examiner fights against the only cold busi
ness policy that is proposed in the matter and de
mands that the taxpayers furnish the capital and pay
the interest, for a business which it also declares
is to be amply able to sustain itself. Arguing to that
end it says, after introducing an imaginary .taxpayer
who objects to making the bonds a lien on the city:
"You won't have to pay it. The road is already pay
ing ?33,ooo a year on the bonded debt the present
owners have placed on it, and gives them from $25,
000 to $35,000 a year in addition, after paying all
operating expenses, repairs and the like. You will
have from $30,000 to $40,000 a year to put into pay
ing off the debt, giving better service, paying better
wages and setting aside a good income for yourself."
The imaginary taxpayer might well answer the
Examiner: "If that is the case, what is the need of
making the bonds a lien on the whole city, or taking
the taxpayers' money at all? If the business is going
to pay such a fine profit, why not place the bonds and
their interest on the road itself, and leave the gen
eral fund of the city free for the purposes of gov
ernment? The city will own the road and run it as
a business, and if it pay its own interest, sinking
fund and running expenses and make a profit* that
will go into the general fund, anyway, or public
ownership may be vindicated by giving those who
use the road a lower fare. If the road would not
pay, and yet were a public necessity, that would be
an argument for making all the taxpayers furnish the
capital. But if it is to pay that is an unanswerable
reason why the bonds should be on the road alone
and not a lien on the city."
If the Examiner's imaginary taxpayer were a man
pf good sense he would make that answer and vote
against bonding the city for a business declared by
its proponents to be capable of supporting itself and
paying a profit besides.
It may be noticed that in the bond proposition
there is no guaranty of separation of accounts. If the
road earn profits there is no provision for keeping
them separate for payment of interest and sinking
fund, nor is there any provision for such accounting
as will let the people know whether there is profit or
loss in operating the road.
It will be observed that everything offered by the
Examiner, so far, directly supports our demand that
the bonds rest on the road and not on the taxpay
ers. ¦ If the road is to- pay the large profit that is
predicted, it needs no support from the taxpayers. As
for marketing the bonds and getting the money to
enter upon the experiment of public ownership, no
doubt Mr. William Randolph Hearst will buy the
bonds. He is a multi-millionaire and $710,000 is a
mere trifle to him. His paper is sure that the road
is to be a great success, and will earn a large profit,
and he is an advocate of public ownership of all pub
lie utilities, even to the expropriation of coal
mines, and he should put up this money gladly and
take the bonds, based on the road alone. The tax
payers would be glad to get* something from him
more substantial than wind.
If they have to put up $710,000 and its interest un
til maturity, they will have paid $1,420,000 for the
Geary-street road. As it is a business investment its
operation should pay interest on that sum, which is
not profit, but interest on capital. That interest will
amount to $49,700 per annum. So the road must per
petually earn its operating expenses, its repairs and
maintenance and $49,700 a year interest on its cost,
and anything over that may be called profit. It will
be seen that from this cold business view of it the
Examiner's "fine income" becomes a dissolving view,
and perhaps that is the reason why the Hon. William
Randolph Hearst has -not offered to take the bonds.
He is entirely willing to try experiments that cost a
million and a half at the expense of the taxpayers,
but wants to change the subject when it is proposed
that he risk something himself.
We affirm now that unless the bonds are based on
the road .alone, and its accounts are kept as separate
as they would be by a private corporation, the peo
ple will never know whether the road pays expenses
or not. If kept separate, as a business matter, with
out connection or merger with the general or other
funds of the city, the road's success may be known
and judged or its failure exposed and corrected. The
Examiner sees imaginary parties, holding their-im
aginary money in their imaginary fists, ready to lease
the road, if the city fail in running it. That may be
so, but they will be just as ready if the bonds are a
lien on the road and not on the city. But it is not
well to mix prophecy and business. The road, run
as a public utility by the city, may be a success'.
Basing the bonds on the plant only will not hinder
but rather help success by compelling the application
of business principles in its administration. If it be
a failure, making it carry its own bonds will in no
way contribute to that failure. Hence the unintelli-'
gent outgivings of the Examiner so far disclose noth
ing in favor of making the bonds a lien on the city,
but demonstrate the capacity of the property to
carry its own bonds. If the taxpayers are wise they
will have it so. , : J
Now that is ju»t what we want to make it, a. cold
business proposition, by making the bonds a lien on
the road only. Unless the road will carry the bonds
it is not a cold business proposition at all, but a
plan to compel the taxpayers of the whole city to
furnish capital to invest in a business which will not
carry its own credit and pay its cost, principal and
interest.
THE Examiner attempt! further discussion o*
the proposition to make the Geary-street Rail
road bonds a lien upon the whole city, and en
titles its latest .effort "A Matter li Cold Business
Policy."
THE GEARY STREET ROAD.
HAPPY COUPLES
ARE JOINED BY
HYMEN'S BONDS
MAJOR GENERAL
SHAFTER MAY BE
A CANDIDATE
Where the issue at stake is so important, where
the risk of evil resulting from delay is so great,
where the remedy is so simple, it would seem that
Congress might act even on the eve of a Presidential
election. Besides, there is no necessity to wait for
the very eve. A good bill might be passed, at the
extra session before Christmas, put into effect during
the winter and be so beneficially in operation by the
time the campaign opens next fall that no one would
think of making a political issue out of it.
Of the effects of the passage of such a measure as
vhat suggested by him Secretary' Shaw says: "Three
t.iings I know. First, this additional circulation
vould spring into existence almost instantly when
ever and wherever interest rates advanced to the
point of profit. Second, it would as promptly re
tire whenever interest rates became normal. Third, it
would be absolutely safe — as good as the present
national bank issue and with a slight and immaterial
change identical in form and appearance— for the
Government, amply protected by the 5 per cent tax,
would underwrite it."
of elasticity, and a, bill designed to provide, that can
be so drawn at to effect no other change whatsoever.
In fact, elasticity might be provided not by enacting
a new law, but by repealing an old one. Thus the
Secretary says: "There is now no statutory prohi
bition against the well-nigh inherent right of banks
to issue circulating notes. This right erfists through
out the United States, but subject to a tax of 10 per
cent per annum. This tax is prohibitory. If
I were given authority to formulate a meas
ure that would provide the requisite elasticity
to our present currency system, ,1 think I
should add "an amendment permitting
banks, with the consent of the Comptroller of the
Currency, to issue a volume of circulating notes equal
to so per cent of their bond-secured circulation, at a
tax of s per cent, the same to be retired at will or by
direction of the Comptroller, by the deposit of an
equal amount of lawful money with any sub-treasury."
Such, then; would be about all the legislation re
quired. To term it revolutionary is not to argue, but
to denounce. If the method suggested by the Secre
tary be objected to, some other method equally
simple and effective could doubtless be devised. The
advocates of elasticity are pledged to no particular
measure. They insist upon nothing but a good bill
and prompt action.'
IMPROVEMENT
OF WATERWAYS
IN OLD WORLD
:
THE SAN FBAKCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 10. 1903.
THURSDAY .SEPTEMBER 10, 1903
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
AdCrttt AM Communication* to W. 3. LEAKE. Moncfl«r.
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You With th« Department You Wlih.
PUBLICATION OFFICE. . .Market •«* Tlitrd, S. F.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 21T to 221 Stevenson St.
Delivered by Carriers, 20 Ots. Per Week, 75 Ctu.
Tex Month. Single Copies 9 Cents.
T«rm« by Mall. Zneludlnr Portar* (CUh ¦With Orf»rts
CAILT CALL (lactadtcr Sunday), on* ye*r +&.OO
DAILX CAXX> OncludlB* Studar), • moathi.... 4.OO
PAH.T CALlr-Br Slnrle Month "^°
ECNDAT CAXX, On« Tear 2JK>
WESKLT CALL. On» T»ar **°°
'if Dally... $S.8O Per Tear Extra
rORSIGN POSTAGE i Sunday*. 4.1O Per Tear Extra
I Weekly.. l.OO Pir Y*ar Ertra
All Foitmaaters are authorised to receiT^
¦nbacrlpttoBM.
Saisrle eoptaa will be forwarded whtn requested.
Man subscriber* in ordering cbans* of addreaa •herald b«
particular to elv* both NEW AMD OLD ADDRESS In order
to lnaur* a prompt and correct compliance with their requeat.
OAKLAND OFFICE.
HIS Brsadnir Telephone Mala 1OS3
BERKELEY OFFICE.
SX4S Center Street ........ .Telephone Tforth TT
C. GEORGE KR0GXE5S, Manager Forelrn AArer
iUln», Blarqaette Building:, Chicago.
<Lonx Dlatance Telephone "Ctntral 2619.")
WASHDTQTON CORRESPONDENT:
MORTO5 E. CllAXE 14O6 C Street, If. W.
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
fTEPFIEN B. SMITH. 30 Tribune Balldln*
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C CARLTOS. ................ .Herald Square
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waiaorf-Actorla Hotel; A. Brentano, 81 Union Square;
Uumy Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Chennan Rouse: P. O. Xewi Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Tremoct House: Auditorium Hotel; Palmer House.
BRAJTCH OFFICES— ¦527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
ostll 9:80 o'clock. 800 Hares, open until 9:80 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9 :30 o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until
0:S0 o'clock. 1M1 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 22C1
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 109« Va
lencia, open until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NE. corner Church and Duncan streets, open
until 9 o'clock. KW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky,
open until S? o'clock. 2200 Flllmore, open until 9 o'clock.
8
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE OCTOBER NUMBER, now on the news-Sands, answers
squarely the question of supremacy among the magazines for woman and
the home. In your selection of a magazine you may choose from two
classes-^those you need and those you read for recreation — or else you take
THE DELINEATOR and combine both. j
If the word "^necessary" is susceptible of a superlative, THE DELINEATOR is beyond
all question the "most necessary" of all the magazines published for Woman. Nine hundred
thousand families proved this to be so last month; and each month brings its new thousands of
members into the ever-growing DELINEATOR FAMILY.
Among the fashions it is the "moft necessary" because it is all the fashion
magazines in one, with their mistakes eliminated — their exaggerations corrected,
and the really successful novelties stamped with the seal of authoritative approval —
for if it is pictured in THE DELINEATOR it is "good form."
It is equally the "most necessary** in the Nursery — in the Sewing-Room — in
the Kitchen — throughout the whole house and out-of-doors in city and in country.
. The partial list of contents below can only hint at the interest underlying every line.
The Evolution of. a Club Woman, by Agnes Surbridge, begins in this number. It is an autobiography and is the
predicted success of the year. J. C. Hemment, the world-famed camera expert, begins one of the most remarkable
series of photographic articles ever presented. They relate to his personal adventures at home and in foreign lands.
The Silent Partner, by Lynn rjoby Meekins; A Florida Cracker, by Virginia Frazer Boyle, are prominent among the
fiction features, while the departments are fuller than usual of the good things, with special interest centering in the chil-
dren's page.
If the "most necessary" of the magazines for Woman is that one which helps most in every
hour of "her" day and brings its after-hour of fascinating leisure-reading when the day is over,
then, surely, "JUST GET THE DELINEATOR." Of your newsdealer or any Butterick
agent at .fifteen cents a copy, or of the publishers, one dollar for an entire year.
THE BUTTERICK PUBLISHING COMPANY. LTD.. 17 We* TlAteenti> Street. New York * |PANAMA, Sept. 0.— There was no bread in
Panama to-night, owing to the Bakers' Union
ordering a general strike on account of a dif
ference with the master bakers regarding the
number cf working hours.
BREVITY
HONOLULU, Sept. 9.— In an Interview
to-day Governor Dole stated that he
would not resign his oulce, but would re
tire at the end of hia term, which expires
in May next. Governor Dole is anxious
to resume the practice of law and for that
reason will not permit his name to ap
pear as a candidate for the office. Gov
ernor Dole stated that he has never had
second term aspirations.
Dole Will Retire.
WASHINGTON, Sept 9.-ArrlVals-New
Wiilard: W. A. Nichols, Redlands.
National: R. W. Mateer, Los Angeles;
Jo^hn J. Cordy and wife. Dr. W. A. At
wood and wife, San Francisco; Mrs. M.
Beman, Stockton.
Ebbltt— Major Henry B. Wright, United
States army San Francisco.
Californians in Washington.
DIAMOND THIEF AND
¦ FORGEB BREAK JATX
nia Towns Chisels Way
to Freedom.
Man "Wanted in Oregon and Califor-
HILLSBORO, Or.. Sept. 9.— A success
ful Jail delivery was effected here last
night, when J. H. Burke, a forger arrest
ed here last week and wanted in many
towns throughout .Oregon and California,
escaped, in company with John McNa
mara, a diamond thief. The prisoners
cut, a hole in a brick wall with a chisel
Improvised out of an iron staple, made
their way through the Sheriff's private
office and went out of a courthouse win
dow.
Burke is wanted for forgery and the
State had a clear case against him, as
Cashier Kane of the Forest Grove Bank
caught him trying to pass a $300 note, to
vrhich. Walter Bernard's name was forged.
He is also wanted at Martinez, Cal.', for
passing a $260 forged paper, -and at other
points.
Site for Instruction Camp.
SAN DIEGO, Sept 9.— General Mac-
Arthur, commanding the Department of
California, arrived at noon to-day after
his trip to the Grand Canyon. Ho comes
primarily to Inspect the local posts of the
army, including the barracks and Fort
Rosecrans, and also to confer with Colonel
Vogdes regarding a site for a camp of in
struction for the combined National
Guard and regular army, as provided in
the recent National Guard bill giving the
National Guard the benefit of Instruction
by officers of the regular army.
Fanny Herring, the actress who
charmed the audience of the old Bowery
Theater thirty or* forty years ago. cele
brated her seventy-first birthday recent
jy. After nearly fifty years on the stage
ehe retired to her farm in Connecticut,
where she now lives in the best of health.
Andrew Hussey. an aged man, was found
in a dying condition in a room at the St.
David's House yesterday afternoon. He
was removed to the Emergency Hospital,
where he passed away a few hours later.
When examined, a. bank book was found
on his iierson showing a deposit of 52220
with the Hiberr.ia Bank. A email sum of
money was also found in his pocket.
Huspey was a miser and lived a life of
misery for many years past. His body
was removed to the Morgue.
Pitiful End of a Miser.
Israel Puttman, owner and manager
of a Manila newspaper, and Judge D.
S. Ambler, who a year ago sentenced
two Manila newspaper men to imprison
ment on charges of sedition and libel,
arrived In the city last night from the
East and registered at the Palace. They
have been in the East several months,
during which the Supreme Court of the
Philippines set aside the sentence of
Judge Ambler, in so far as It applied to
the charges of sedition, and the cases
are now before the higher court await
ing a decision on appeal in the matter
of the charges of libel. The editor and
the Judge are returning: to the islands.
T. Hatta, who was sent to this coun
try two years ago to study and report
on the business methods of the people
of the United States, arrived at the
Grand la«t night on his way to the
Orient.
Two of the latest arrivals at the Cali
fornia are F. Vettogr and D. Cassequel
of Paris, who are touring the West.
John Fennell, one of Tehama County's
prominent ranchers. Is spending- a few
days in the city and is staying at the
Palace.
A. D. Short, a clerk of the Rainier-
Grand Hotel of Seattle, is enjoying 1 a
vacation in this city and is a guest at
the Palace.
PERSONALS.
H. Weinstock Is at the Palace.
Dr. D. C. Bennett of Seattle Is at the
Occidental.
Arthur Levinsky. an attorney of
Stockton, Is at the Palace.
Qeoree B. Katzensteln, a fruit man of
Sacramento, Is at the Palace.
J. D. Grant, a cattleman of Healds
burg. is registered at the Lick,
M. P. Benton, representing the Bur
lington and Quincy road in Seattle, and
wife are at the Palace.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call.
214S Center Street, Sept. 9.
The Blrl students of Snell's Seminary
organized a fire brigade this afternoon
and put out a fire that threatened to burn
down the famous old building at 2721
Channing way. When the lire broke out
the girls fell in line under the direction of
Mrs E. S. Poulson. the principal and
the Misses Mary E. Snell and Sarah H
Snell and acted under orders, just like or
dinary firemen. One detachment stood
in the yard below filling buckets with
water from a hose, another detachment
passed the buckets along and still an
other busied Itself sprinkling the contents
on th« flames. In thls.way the fire was
doused out long before the flre wagons
got out of their houses.
The fire was caused by a grass flre that
lighted a lace curtain in the main building
and then communicated to the light fur
nishings of the room so that it was soon
all ablaze. The damage was about $100
Dr. George Mains, manager of the New
York Book Concern, addressed the con
ference regarding the finances of the con
cern, which he stated_were In excellent
condition. The conference then adjourned
to meet to-morrow morning.
This resolution had reference to a news
paper criticism of the management by
Dr. J. D. Hammond of the affairs of the
San Francisco branch of the Methodist
Book Concern and the Chinese district,
and caused a heated debate, which lasted
the greater part of the session. The reso
lution was finally passed.
A committee on completion of the Uni
versity of the Pacific^ endowment fund,
consisting of W. C Evans, Eli McCllsh,
H. E. Milnes, A. C. Bayne, Thomas Fil
ben, Dr. F. B. Short, special endowment
agent of the University of the Pacific,
and the following laymen, C. B. Perkins,
J. Leiter, Rolla V. Watt, J. II. Brush, T.
B. Hutchison and H. E. Williamson, was
appointed.
A committee on seamen's work, con
sisting of E. R. Dille, W. E. P. Dennett,
Jesse Smith and S. M. 'Woodward, was
also appointed.
Resolved, That we condemn auch attempt at
trial fcy piess as contrary to our discipline, as
destructive of th«? bonds of fellowship among
Methodist prc-acher?, ar.d as wanur.ly detri
mental to our church enterprises.
, Whereas. A metropolitan journal has recently
piMiFhefl statements and Intimations #rav-;ly
ri-flectintf upon the integrity of our ministry,
the disinu-reFtednes* of cur bishops and tlu
¦wlfce management of cur corinectional enter-
DrlffPi"; therefore, be it
¦Whereas, The reputation of a Methodist pas
tor ie his most valuable po»»eFSion. and oontl
d<nce In their Judicious manaicement the chiPf
as«ft of our eonnecticnal Interests", and;
MONTEREY, Sept. 9.— The fifty-first
session of the California annual confer
ence of the Methodist Episcopal church
opened this morning at Pacific Grove,
Bishop Earl Cranston presiding. The
following officers were elected: Secretary,
C. E. Irons; assistant secretaries, P. A.
Milnes. E. B. Winning; statistical secre
tary, II. J. Wlnsor; assistant statistical
secretaries. M. • M. Meese, A_ W. Lloyd,
J. L. Burcham, Thomas Leak, J. C. Bol
ster, Carl M. Warner; treasurer, Thomas
Filben; assistant treasurer, Lorenzo Fel
lers; postmaster," E. S. Robertson. Imme
diately after organization the following
resolution was introduced by C. K. Jen
ness:
The finding of a dead'man with a bul
let through his heart about a mile from
the station cf Clyde has created no small
amount of excitement, Clyde is a smali
station on the very outskirts of the dis
trict- The body was brought to the city,
but has not yet been identified.
VICTOR. Colo.. Sept. 9— An attack upon
a militiaman acting a? guard 1 at the Tay
lor & Brunton sampler aroused the of
::cfrs commanding the troops and within
a few minutes every available, man in the
camp was patrolling the hills. Shortly
after the guard had been placed at the
sampler he noticed a man prowling about
a building. He ordered the man to halt,
which order was not obeyed. The guard
fired at the figure and started in pursuit,
firing as he ran. As the soldier patsed
the building he was felled by a rock
thrown by a second man. The shooting
aroused other sentinels, who arrived Just
as the two men disappeared over the
edge of Bull Hill. A volley was fired at
them, but they escaped beyond range of
the muskets. The injured Infantryman
was picked up and medical#ald summon
ed. He was not seriously injured, though
unconscious when found, and soon re
vived.
The mine owners have notified the of
licers of the militia that a. number of
threats have been made against both
property and the guards and at a num
ber of places the guards have been dou
bled.
Officers and Men.
Attack Upon a Militiaman Arouses
FIEES AT A PB0WLEB.
Young Ladies at Snell's
Successfully Fight
Flames.
Methodists Hold Annual
Conference at Pacific
Grove.
GIRL STUDENTS
SUBDUE BLAZE
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Several Changes Made in the Postal
Service and Army Orders
Issued.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 9.— Postofflce es
tablished: California— Hermosa Beach,
Los Angeles County, Sarah A. Beane,
postmistress.
- Postofflce discontinued September 30 (su
perseded by rural free delivery): Cali
fornia—Flood, Nevada County, mail to
Grass Valley.
Postmasters commissioned: California
— Stenton E. Smithson, Millvllle. Wash
ington—William W. Renfrew, Elberton.
Fourth-class postmasters appointed:
Oregon— Edith Hoffmann, Chase, Yamhlll
County,, vice Ida K. Bohannon, resigned.
Army order — Leaves of absence granted
to First Lieutenants Hugh K. Taylor, ar
tillery, and Charles C. Geer, assistant sur
iroon, Department of California, extended
one month each.
BOSTON. Seui. 9.— C. F. Michaels of San
Francisco was to-<1r\y elected vice president of
the Wholesale Druggists' Association.
AKRON. Ohio. Sept. 9.— The Democrat
ic State campaign 'opening meeting was
held in a tent here to-night, addresses be
ing delivered by Tom L. Johnson, can
didate for Governor; John E. Clarke, can
didate for Senator, and Henry George Jr.
of New york. The crowd at the meeting
was estimated at 3000.
Ohio Democrats Open Campaign.
DISCUSS AFFAIRS
OF THEIR CHURCH
NEW YORK, Sept. 9.— At the fu
sion conference to-night the
name of Seth Low was Indorsed
as candidate for Mayor, to be
presented to the fusion confer
ence of all bodies affiliated with the fu
sion movement, except the New York
Democracy and the Kings County Dem
ocracy. The conference was held at the
headquarters of the Citizens' Union.
The committees representing the bodies
affiliated with the fusion movement at the
conference were: The Citizens' Union,
Greater New York Democracy: Kings,
Queens and Richmond counties Republi-
can committees. Kings County Democracy, ' ]
German-American Municipal League of i
Brooklyn, Austro-Hungarian Antl-Tam- '
many Association, German-American Mu
nicipal League of Manhattan and the Ital
ian-American League.
REFORM MAYOR OF GREATER NEW YORK, WHOSE CANDIDACY
FOR RE-ELECTION HAS BEEN INDORSED AT A CONFERENCE
OF LEADERS OF THE FUSION FORCES.
CHEYENNE, Wyo.. Sopt. 9.— The Gat
ling gun -of the Wyoming National Guard
was sent to-day by order of Adjutant
General Stitzer to Denver for the use of
the Colorado troops at Cripple Creek. It
was requested by General Sherman Bell.
About sixty union men left Telluride
yesterday for points In Utah and farther
¦w-es=t. where they will make a permanent
residence.
The working force at Tomboy has been
gradually increased and seventy-five men
reported for work this morning.
The management of the Butterfly-Ter
rible mine refused to have any dealings
v.ith the union and the men at that prop
erty will probably be called out.
TELLURIDE, Sept. 9.— Henry Buckley,
manager of the Silver Bell mine, has
agreed to treat with the union and grant
the men an eight-hour day, provided the
union will not attempt to dictate to him
the number of men he must employ about
the workings and will continue to agree
to a fair cut in their scale of wages pro
portionate to the reduction In hours.
It is reported that mine owners have
made arrangements with railroads for re
duced rates for laborers from. Southwest
ern Missouri and it is expected that min
ers will be brought from the Joplin lead
district to take the places of strikers.
A small force began breaking ore in
Stratton's Independence mine this after
noon and the military guard line was ex
tended to embrace this property. Opera
tions were also resumed to-day In a small
way on leases in Vindicator and Hull City
placer ground.
CRIPPLE CREEK. Colo.. Sept 9.-The
Miao Owners' Association has announced
i hat no members of the Western Federa
tion of Miners will be employed in any of
the prc;>erties owned by members of the
association. The federation influence on
the prosperity of the district has been
I>erniclous, according to the mine owners,
who openly declare that they will no
longer tolerate Its alleged dictation.
The union miners are Btill confidently
ajc-gressive and are keeping their organi
ration well intact. Officials of the fed
< ration declare that of 1000 men formerly
employed in four mines at which an at
tempt has been made to resume opera
tions only 110 have returned to work-
Stratton's Independence Begins Op
erations on Small Scale and Mil
itary Guard Lines Are
Extended.
Declares the Influence of Fed
eration Has Been Per-
nicious.
CHICAGO. Sept. 9.— Acting upon the
advice of the Chicago Employers' Asso
ciation fourteen candy manufacturing
concerns closed to-day and between 1500
and 2000 persons were thrown out of work
as the result of the strike action taken
by the Candy Makers" Union yesterday.
The employers say that the lockout will
continue until the candy makers dissolve
their union and return to wcrk as In
dividuals.
Candy Factories Are Closed.
SEATTLE, Sept. 9.— All but ten cars
out of 160 usually run by the Seattle Elec
tric Company, which owns the street car
system of this city, are in operation to
day, notwithstanding the decision of the
executive committee of the Street Car
Men's Union early this this' morning to
declare a strike. When the- order to
strike was given out this morning a great
majority of the employes ' of the street
railroad company discarded their union
badges and v. : entt6 work' as usual upon
the promise of President Furth that he
would treat with a committee of the men
in an endeavor to reach an amicable ad
justment of the differences. It ia' believed
the effect of this will be the disruption of
the Seattle branch of the Amalgamated
Order of Street Railway Employe's.
The demands made by the union, the
j-efusal of which led to the strike, includ
ed recognition of the union, reinstatement
of all men discharged -by the company
because, of their connection with the
union since the strike last March, a wage
scale of £0 cents an hour and time and
a half for overtime and on legal holidays.
Mine Owners' Associa
tion Objects to Dic
tatiOD.
Go to Work Upon Promise of
Road President to Meefc^
Committee.
Seattle Car Men Refuse
to Obey an Order
to Strike.
DISCARD THEIR
UNION BADGES
EMPLOYERS
BLACKLIST
UNION MEN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAIili, TJHTJRSDAY, SEPTEMBER ; 10, 1903.
Greater New York's Executive to Be the Nominee
of All Bodies Associated With Reform Forces,
Except New York and Kings County Democracy
FUSION CONFERENCE
INDORSES MAYOR LOW
9
AMUSEMENTS.
VAUDEVILLE JYE-OPENERS !
Frederic Sond and Company; Orig-
inal Bio Brothers; Almont and
Bumont and Fischer and Wacker.
Last times of Bloom and Cooper;
T. Nelson Downs; La Vine-Cam-
eron Trio; Marguerite and Hanley
and George Schindler.
Reserved Seats, 25c: Balcony, 10c; Box Seats
and Opera Chairs. 50c.
fAklFORNIAl
1b Farewell To-Xfght. ;V^&
V KEILL-KOROSCO COXPAtfr. 3 \
In the Dramatic Marvel,
.(D NOTBE DAME, .75
tr/> Stage Set In View of Au- e^
*}*J dience. jOO
*j t; I Last Bargain Matinee o K
.CO j To- Day. JcD
I Saturday Night — Openins
T! , of regular season.
A rriend of iho Pamily. jf**
H EAT FUJI
Hegrular Matlneet Saturday and Sunday.
Every Lady and Child Presented With a Sou-
venir Picture of one of the Lilliputians at all
matinees.
GLORIOUS TRIUMPH OF THE
POLLARD LILLIPUTIAN OPERA CO.
LAST THREE NIGHTS
/\ GAIETY GIRL
SUNDAY MATINEE. SUNDAY. MONDAY.
TUKSDAY. WEDNESDAY NIGHTS.
AK L.MDY SLMVE-V.
THURSDAY, FRIDAY. SATURDAY NIGHTS
AND SATURDAY MATINEE.
THE GEISHA.
PRICES — Evenings 15c. 25c, 50c and 75c
Matinees 15c, 25c and 00c
LYRIC HALL /!£
GREAT SUCCESS.
The XT Century Morality Flay,
EVERYMAN
EVERY NIGHT, 8:30.
Thursday and Saturday Afternoons, 3
Reserved Seats. $2.00. $1.50 and 400 Good
Seats at $1.00.
Box Office, Sherman, Clay ft Co.'i
PACIFIC COAST LEAGUE.
\ RECREATION PARK.
EIGHTH AND HARRISON
CHAMPIONSHIP GAMES.
THURSDAY AND FRIDAY, 3:50 P. M.; SAT-
• URDAY. 3:C0 P. M.
SUNDAY * 2:SO P. M.
OAKLAND VS. SEATTLE
LADIES* UAY3 THURSDAY AND FRIDAY.
Ad\ance Sale, 5 Stocky- it.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
ATVZBTISEHENTS.
Pretty boxes and odors
are used to sell such
soaps, as no one would
touch if he saw them un-
disguised. Beware of a
soap that depends on
something outside of it.
Pears', the finest soap
in the world is scented or
not, as you wish ; and the
money is in the. merchan-
dise, not in the box.
Established over xoo years.
•ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Perfflanent Cares
Are the best advertising a physician can
have.
This is the principal reason why the
business of the Electro-^hemic Special-
ists is the largest special medical prac-
tice in San Francisco. *
"I was cured by the Electro-Chemic treat-
ment of cancer of the breant without a surgical
operation. The treatment was absolutely paln-
leB8. and. Instead of It making me weaker, I
gained ten pounds In weight and pained In
strength In every way during my treatment."
MRS. WILLIAM BARNES. Blacks, Cal.
fafC-**" * - - - • - . • - >-^h
I /.' ''¦¦ , ' : ' > ¦ ' ' ' ' ' >¦ ,'' : " - ¦:' ¦¦ ¦ • : . f: ' . \
MRS. FREDERICK GOCHIA.
421 L St., San Francisco.
"My Btomach, liver and bowels were In a bad
condition. My food did me no good; my blood
was weak and my nervous system was a wreck.
Medical treatment seemed to make me worse,'
but In a few weeks the Electro-Chemic treat-
ment has worked wonders In my case. My di-
gestion is good, my stomach, liver and bowels
are normal, my blood circulates freely and my
nervea are stronger than In years. "
MRS. FREDERICK GOCHIA,
421 L St., San Francisco.
CONSULTATION g~- sj-^ a— «p
X-RAY EXAMINATION IF Vk L.H
Specialties — Consumption, Catarrh.
Bronchitis, Asthma, Cancers, Tumors,
Oealness, Head and Ear ZTolses, Bheu-
i matlsm, Paralysis, XTeuralfia, Piles,
Diseases of the Stomach, Liver, Kid*
neys and Bowelf, Special Diseases of
Ken and Women. All Chronic Diseases.
ELECTRO-CBEMIC INSTITUTE,
118 GRANT AVE., Cor. Post St., '
bait rsAzrcxsco.
Office Hours^Q a. m. to 5 p. m. and 7 to S p.
m. dally; Sundays, 10 a. m. to 1 p. m.
Separate Apartments for Ladles and Gentlemen.
Palace dont tail to
i aiatw 8ee the beautiful
j COURT Lounging
/.fill room, the EMPIRE
aUU PARLOR, the
a~~~A PALM ROOM, the
liniflQ LOUIS XV.- PAR-
utuuu LOR mdiht LA .
D^-I- DIES' WRITING
Hotels room
_ __ AMTrSEarEBTTS. -riin _-_ a - J -,
Tl\/fil I open*
I I V vLI house.
NOTE: Performance commences at 8 o'clock
sharp. Matinee on Saturday at - sharp.
TO-NIOHT
Saturday Matinee and Sunday Night, Verdi'*
Lyric Drama.
"RIGOLETTO."
: Friday and Saturday J^venings. Gounod's Im-
mortjfl Opera,
" FAUST."
With «¦• F.rilliant Lyric Soprano.
TINA DE SPAOA, as MABCTJEEITE.
NEXT WEEK— "IL TROVATORE" and
'LA SOMN'AMBULA."
PRICES ALWAYS THE SAME— 25c. 50c, 73c.
Telephone Bush 9.
High-Class Specialties Every Afternoon
and Evening In the Theater.
TOOTXQHT
GALA AMATEUR PERFORMANCE
— —Concluding With
NEW LIVING PICTURES.
TAKE A TRIP -DOWN THE FLUME."
VISIT THE
"MYSTIC MIRROR MAZE"
ADMISSION 10c | CHILDREN 5c
__misce:li < a:neous AarosEauji th.
mr. OEWMOii"
Only Son? Recital This Season
STEINWAT HALL, 223 StJTTEK ST.
Friday Evening, September II, at 8:15
Reserved $1.00. Unreserved 75c. For sale
at Sherman, Clay & Co.'b.
3 7 till / V ' Ljttf^l JR53frf^gJa^ffl 1
It's a Good Rule
To follow that leads you to send your
linen here.
Unnecessary wear is out of our
line, but immaculate cleanliness, su-
perb finish and collars and cuffs
'without rough edges are the points
in our work that maintain the golden
rule intact.
UNITED .STATES LAUNDRY
OmCS 2004 2XA2XET STBEIT,
Near Powell.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
ISA URKAT RESTORATIVE. LNVIGQKA-
i tor and Nervine.
Th« mctt wor<lerrul ashrodislac and Special
Tonic for the Kexw^l Organs, (or bcth »exe».
The - Mexican Kemedy (or Diseases of Ut*
Kidneys and Bladder. Sells on tu own marlta.
NABEK. ALK9 & BRUSE. Aceat*.
S3 ilarktt «U. 3. F.— C3es4 for ClrcaUrvj
'i'h'H ADVE&TT.SX2&E2TTS.
— — . _- . - - .* "• .- — : - ' ..;.',¦.'..¦,¦ ... ...--.~— —„..'-.„„.., „¦..., .~» ....„¦¦.¦.,¦,-...— ¦¦'..- -,,.^ -„ . i
¦an B fl ?g I s pkS K2 % ' v j»^J/y Jfj X jh guB 1 1*1 C C pCT \3rd ••- .........••.•••.¦¦¦••••¦••••••••«. • *fc^ \f I ~" i
H (^^^^^^k I! AGATE PR0 " DRUSSELS ~stb!e tar Fu!ryJrd D wid; **"*' ||J
AMTJSEMEJrrS.
TO-DAY AT 2 I] 6H0W GROUNDS
TO-NIGHT AT 8 II 11TH & MARKET
Doors Open at 1 and 7 p. m.
¦ Until and Including Monday, Sept. 14.
RlISGLING BF*OS.»
WORLD'S GREATEST SHOWS. '
To which is now JERUSALEM
niM.'.l. without extra ,v n the
admission, the SUB- ,^VT,- "t, —
LIME SPECTACLE. CRUSADES
100 Sensational Circus Acts.
40 Elephants— HIS Cage Zoo — 10 Clowns.
ONE GO-Cent Ticket Admits to Everything.
Children under 12 years half price. Admis-
sion tickets and actually numbered reserved
seats on tale at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s piano
warerooms, ICearny and Hutter streets, ut ex-
Rctly the same prices as charged at regular
ticket wagons on the show grounds.
HENRYJVULLER
MARGARET ANGLIN
To-Nlght. Friday and Saturday Nights,
MATIXEE SATURDAY.'
"THE TAMING Or HELEN"
Xext Mondav — Last Week of
HENRY MILLKR and MARGARET ANGLIN.
First Time, Hero of
"THE AFTERMATH''
Adapted by Henry Miller from George Oh-
nefs novel, "Le Maltre d»-9 Forsea."
SEATS NOW HEADY.
Coming— "THK PRINCE OF PILSEN."
" — .
' r'^'^EP' l??vf **it* Jrt| Sk 9 77Y£^h?V.
Witt*' »n i ¦ * ¦¦ HMD Proprietor*.
Market *t., Near Eighth Phone South 5o3
TO-NIGHT AND ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
The Richest. Rarest, Raciest of Farce-Comedies
WHOSE BABY ARE YOU?
A VOLCANO OF MIRTH! A TORNADO OF
FUN!
DDTPPC Evenings 10c to 50c
rnlLEJ Matinees 10c, 15c, 25c
MONDAY, September 14th— The Military
Spectacle, .
THE CHERRY PICKERS.
¦ T r*\ A A TJ Belaseo & Mayer.
A 8 I , A / A K Proprietors.
jt\.!Lt\jJrk£j£&±\ E. p. Price,
Gen. Mgr.
Ui^v THIS WEEK— MAT. SATURDAY. 1 £i~f<j 'i
Florence Roberts
| Who Has Made Her Greatest Success In
THE UNWELCOME MRS, HATCH,
Evenings, 25c to 75c;. Sat. Mat.. 15c to 50c
Special Matinee To-Day.
•¦ ." D'Annunzio's Famous Play,
CIOCOINDA
When Night Prices Will Prevail.
SOUVENIR ART PROGRAMMES.
NEXT WEEK— First Time Here of
MISS ROBERTS as MAG DA.
AMUSINO BURLESQUES, MERRILY ACTED.
REALLY FUNNY PALYS.
\ "The Glad Hand" and "The Con-Curers" |
Our "All-Star"'. Cast, Including;
KOLB AND DILL,
BARNEY BERNARD,
WINFIELD BLAKE,
HARRY HERMSEN,
MAUDE AMBER,
ELEANOR JENKINS.
RESERVED . SEATS— Niehts. 25c, 50c and
73c: Saturday and Sunday Matinees, 2oc and
1 6oc; Children at Matinees, lCc and 25c.PROMINENT WOMAN STUDENT OF THE STATE UNIVERSITY,
WHOSE ENGAGEMENT TO GEORGE T. GERLINGER, SON OF A
WEALTHY LUMBERMAN OF OREGON, HAS BEEN ANNOUNCED.
CHIEF OF THE UNITED STATES BUREAU OF FORESTRY, WHO
YESTERDAY BEGAN A SERIES OF INTERESTING AND INSTRUC
TIVE LECTURES AT THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday. September 9.
w.™,. ts«nta Uarbsra. Zaddart. 90 hours from
OlynTmaf^la Seattle. M hours; bound for Fort
To* Aneeles; put in to land passengers---
Stini " Thtaile. FelerseiV « days from Bristol
Bay * MEMORANDUM.
Per 'strnr Thistle— Aug 22. towed the bktn
Will W Case to sea. bound to San Francisco
with 14.000 cases . salmon. ¦ -
DOMESTIC PORTS.
NAKNKK— Inport Aug 22— Ship Oriental,
bark B P Cheney, ship Standard, ship Alex
Gibson chip Bohemia, ship Santa Clara and
bark Reaper, for San Francisco.
MENDOCIXO— Arrived Sept 'J— Stmr Pasa-
SF VTTL.E— Arrived B?l>l 9 — SUnr ¦ FaraU>n,
from" S*Uag*vay; Nor bark Abyssinia, Irom
G PCUiT TOYVN'SEND— Arrived f Sept 0— B
atmr Invrrness, from Port Gamble.
•PORT LUDLOW— Sailed Sept U— Bktn Kli
kitat, for Honolulu.
EVERETT- Arrived Sept 0 — Stmr City of
Fuetla, from Seattle, and sailed, for Seattle.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
SANTA ROSA, Sept. 9.— Although Sher
iff Grace and posse have left no stone un
turned, A. Carrad, the escaped lunatic
who yesterday shot and killed A. J. Mc-
Kinnon at Guerneville, is still at large.
Not the slightest trace of him has been
seen since he coolly shouldered his mur
derous rifle and walked away from the
scene of the shooting toward the brush.
McKinnon's Murderer at Large.
Heart Disease Follows Poisoning.
OAKLAND, Sept. 9.— An autopsy held
to-day in the case of Mrs. Mary West
showed that heart disease caused death
and not arsenical poisoning. The woman
had been poisoned accidentally some days
before death, but that condition was re
lieved only to be followed by the fatal
heart trouble. Mrs. West lived at 1708 Pa
cific street.
Roman Catholic Archbishop of San Francisco,
a cSSSrVtlon Bole (owner) with Fennell Bros,
(contractors), architects Shea & Shea—Exca
vaUng; concrete, brick, granite and stone work,
<mn work and basement frames, etc.. for
fSundatlona and basement for residence on^NW
corner "f Fulton and Steiner streets. W 1J.:C
by N 77:6; $12.070.
martini lot on SE line of Perry street. 106:3
SWo? Third, SW 23:9 by SE 80; $10.
Builder's Contract.
OAKLAND, Sept. 9.— The Board of Ed
ucation has ratified the action taken at a
special meeting last week by which A
Me~ahan, principal of the Peralta School,
was granted leave of absence until Jan
uary 1 1904, to relieve tension caused by
ner«ona.l differences between the principal
and" Superintendent of Schools J. W. Mc-
Clymonds. v
Megahan Can Absent Himself.
Death Claims Editor W. B. Winn.
BERKELEY. Sept. 9.— W. B. Winn,
editor and proprietor of the Pacific Oil
Reporter, died this evening at his resi
dence, 1927 Haste street. Mr. Winn was
well known In newspaper circles, having
been connected with the San Francisco
press for some years. The cause of death
was inflammation of the ear drum, which
affected the brain. He was unconscious
for two days previous to his death. The
deceased was 45 years old and was a
graduate of Brown University and a
classmate of President Benjamin Ide
Wheeler of the State University. He is
survived by a widow and four children.
Plan a Town for Negroes.
DENVER, Sept. 9.— A special to the Re
publican from Santa Fe, N. M., says the
Blackdon Townsite Company was incor
porated to-day with a capital stock of
$10,000. The purpose Is to establish a
colony of necroes from the Southern
States in Chaves County, the name of the
town to be Blackdon.
With all the extra expenses that the
new year will entail Dr. Allen does not
see how the department Is going to pull
through, and he is for doing something
that will bring In more money. He says:
"The 25-cent apportionment will leave
us a deficit and affect the efficiency of
the department. The charter limits the
apportionment to the schools to 30 cents,
and we have always been getting that
amount. I also understand the charter
makes the 30-cent rate imperative, and I
think we ought to do something to com
pel the Trustees to give It to us. We
cannot afford to injure the schools now."
Thomas Rickard, president of the Town
Trustees, defends the action of the board
by saying that it has always given the
schools all the money needed, to the det
riment of the other departments. The
levy Is limited to 75 cents, so that It
makes It hard to bring the two financial
ends together.
The changing of the levy by the Trus
tees last night so that the High School
will receive 20 cents and the grammar
schools 5 cents, Instead of 23 and 2 cents,
respectively, does not change the situa
tion.
President AVoodson "W. Allen of the
Board of Education is displeased with the
2o-cent apportionment allowed the School
Department by the Town Trustees, and
threatens legal proceedings to compel the
Trustees to make the apportionment 30
cents.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
214S Center Street, Sept. 9.
Dr. W. W. Allen Advo
cates Suing- the Town
Trustees.
The Rev. James Curry is short one set
of false teeth and he desires the City
Council to buy him an up-to-date substi
tute to enable him to continue mastica-
U °n a letter to the Council he avers that
the city's neglect to fill a hole at a cross
ins is responsible for his toothlessness
and for divers bodily Injuries. The
clergyman, formerly. of the Alden Presby
terian Church, was taking a spin on his
bicycle when he ran into a deep rut and
was sent whizzing. ,: -.-.-:¦
So serious were his injuries that he had
to «pend ten days in a hospital, and his
teeth He broken, while he worries along
The unique communication of the cleri
cal -ufferer was at once referred to the
Street Committee and funds for doctors
bills and new teeth may yet be forth
coming from the city's exchequer.
In his letter the Rev. Mr. Curry says
the accident occurred on August 7. His
plaint is In part as follows:
While ridlr-K my bicycle on East Twentr
second street my wheel went through an open
ne In the crossing. I was thrown -violently
| upon the cement walk on my face, by which
1 my Jaw was broken; the plate In my mouth
! was also broken, a number of teeth were loos
! ?n«4 and my whole face smashed almost Into
i a jelly, while my entire system received . a
I &C On re acc h o C unt of this I have spent ten days in
a hospital under the care of doctors and den
tists and will be for some time to come.
This la all because of the bad condition of the
crossing for which the city Is responsible. I
feel therefore, that I am entitled to remu
neration for my expenses, loss of time and my
rnjuVi-s and sufferinB- Rather than to bring
suit I prefer to bring the matter before your
honorable body, trusting that a fair settle
ment may be effected. <• ; ¦_
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
111S Broadway. Sept. 9.
FEARS SCHOOLS
WILL BE INJURED
Charles L. and Tina Illnkel to Maria and
James M. WhlDple. lot on W. line of Castro I
street, 60 N of Twenty-flrst, N 25 by "W 125;
$10.
Henry J. and Anna B. Mlbach to Daniel and
Eliza A. O'Neill, lot on W line of Eureka
street, >J9:8 N of Eighteenth, N 24:8 by W i
125; ?10. ;
Herman E. and Catherine II. Iburg to Henry j
and Johanna Opitz, lot on NE corner of Twen- j
.tleth and Eureka streets, E 25 by N 110; $10. {
William A. and Emily S. Karns to Elizabeth
J. Fish, lot on W line of Stockton street, 30:0 I
S of Bush, S 38:0 by W 00: $10.
Adallnc C. Martin and Margaret C, Sarah
J., Cyrus and George R. Chambers to Cham
bers Estate (corporation), lot on SE corner of
Pine and Jones streets, E 87:ti by S 127:0; also
lot on N line of Vallejo street. 68:9 W of
Scott. W 63:1% by N l.T7:G; al*J lot on N line
of Sacramento street, 128:0 E of Buchanan, E
77:6 by N 127:S'/i; also lot on SW corner of
McAllister and Scott streets, S 137:0 by \V
183:9; also lot on S line of McAllister street,
216::$ W of Scott, AV 80 by S 137:6: also un
divided Vs of following: Lot on E line of Ver
mont street. 125" S of Napa. S 308 by E 200;
also lot en SW corner of Napa and Kansas
streets, W 100 by S 100; also lot on SE corner
Of Napa and Kansas streets, E 200 by S 4.«;
also lot on SK corner of Napa and Rhode Isl
and streets, E 200 by S 433; also lot on W line
of Do Haro street. 433 S of Napa. S 137. NW
204. N 05, E 200; also all property owned by
Robert C. Chambers at time or his death not
heretofore conveyed by first parties; also prop
erty outside of county; $1.
, J. W. Ott to Mary T. Ott, lot on N line of
Broadway. 183 :C W of Jones street, W 23 by
; N 50; also lot on S line of Glover street, 183:0
;• W of Jones, W 23 by S 60: gift.
Same to same, lot on S line of Glover street,
20«:6 W of Jones, XV 2.1 by S 60; gift.
I James F. Leahy to Western Iron AV orks. lot
on SW Une of Main street. 203:4 SL of Mis
sion. SE 2. r .:10, SW 137:6. NW 45:10, NE 77:6.
SE 20, NE GO; ?10.
William H.. John T. and Mary C. Green, Ida
T. G. Doherty, Margaret J. Green and Jos
ephine Hassell (Green) to. Elizabeth N. Leach,
lot on SW line of Moss street, 227 >iW of *ol
som, NW 24 by SW SO: $10.
-Henjamin F. and Margaret G. Reilly to
George A. Bernhart, lot .an IS line of, Twelfth
avenue, 250 S of Lake street, S 25 by E 120;
$10.
Frank R. and Sophie Grannis to H." W. Las
cel.e lot on SW comer of Twenty-fifth avenue
an! Lake street. W 00 by S 75; $10.
J. Frank and Marea Walter to Anna Kafka,
lot en E line of Seventh avenue, 110 S of Hugo
etrett. i> 25 by E 120; ?10.
George and Kate Ryan to Caribeno Boscello.
lot- on NW comer of Condon and Peralta
streets, N 25 by W 70, George Ryan's subdi
vision of Precita Valley lots 234 to 23tt; $10. '.
Estate of David L. Farosworth (by Fannie
P. Farnsworth, executrix) to P. U. Fernandei.
lot 2, block F. Sunset I Heights; $2000.
Fannie P. Farnsworth to same, game, quit
claim deed; $1.
Peter B. Fernandez to Mary J. Bodwell,
same; $10. .
Frank L. Bodwell to same, same; if I ft.
Estate of David L. Farnsworth (by Fannie
P. Farnsworth. executrix) to Rachel B. Harri
son. S y. of lot 6 and all of lot 7, block F.
same; $ » .
Fannie-P. Farnsworth to same, same; quit
claim deed; $1. • •
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association toSarah
A'. Peckham. lot In cemetery: $225.
Bertha Klaber, Sarah Kaufman (formerly
- Danhauser) and Herman Klaber to Paul De
William Roberts to "William A. and Laura
A. Reeves, • lot on N line of Twenty- fourth
street, 135 E of Mission, E 23 by N 100; S10.
Edward D. Swift to Hans N. Sandstrom. lot
on N line of Twenty-fourth street, 205 W of
Castro, W 23 by N 114; $10.-
Emily H. Moore to Maria C. Slsson, lot on
N line of Vallejo street, 50 E of Webster, E
o7:« by N l.'f7:0; $10.
Estate of Esther Levy (by Fannie Crown,
executrix) to Martin Geraghty, lot on SW line
of Eleventh street. 200 SK cf Folsom. riE 5O,
SW 70:6, NW to noint NE parallel with Fol
som to beginning;; f324O.
David L. Levy and Fannie Crown (Levy) to
same, same; $10.
Samuel B. and Mary E. Mertes to Anna
Petry, lot on N line of Nineteenth street. 27o
E of Dolores, E 40, S 10O; $10.
Harry Lachman to Leo Kozmlnsky, undi
vided 8-9 Interest in the following Lot on NW
line of Market street, 98 SW of Church. SW
25, NW.'JUU, NE 22:10, E 2:10. SE US :1 s };:
also lot on NW life of Market street, 12.'! SW
of Church, SW 25 by NW 100; also lot on N
line of States street. 100. W of Castro. W 50,
N 100. lota 17 and 18. block 14. Flint Tract
Homestead; $10. - '
John Auger to Florence or Flora Auger, lot
on YV line of Larkin street, 4'J S of Ellis, S
1'4 by W h7:«i; gift.
Klizabeth Mearns to Annie W. Relck'.-r, lot
en E line of Octavia street. 110 S of Post. S
l'7:tt by B 110; $10.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
If I've been successful in ehowlng what I
have in mind I have described a forest re
serve for the people of the community in which
It lies. And one of the most striking things
is the popular attitude of the Pacific Coas:
people, and those of California especially, on
the forest reserve question. Their first atti
tude was direct opposition, then suspicion, then
grudging toleration, then 6upport — a perfectly
wonderful change. There Is no other State
where as a whole the sentiment is to strongly
In favor of the reserve as in California.
Professor E. W. Hilgard, dean of the
College of Agriculture, introduced Mr.
Finchot to the audience. The forester
will deliver two lectures at the university
to-morrow, one In the afternoon and one
In the evening.
I have heard complaints about the law which
forbids the exporting of lumber out of the
State In which it was grown. "Well, the an
swer to them is that the Secretary of the In
terior is trying to have the law repealed and
It will be repealed. There is no reason why
the whole country cannot benefit from the
products of the whole.
There is also much talk about the rules to
jrovern the reserve and the men to control it.
Just now there Is a good deal of red tape
about it, but the rules are getting less and
less strict as the Government and the people
are getting to understand each other better.
There is no reason : why settlers should not
have all the dead wood they want to carry oft*,
but they must not Bet flre to the forest. The
way to do is to make separate rules for the
people of every community. It is impossible
to make rules at Washington that will rule all.
Now In this State you have Government re
serves and a national park. A great many
people do not understand the difference be
tween a national park and a reserve. The
park is a museum, the reserve Is a workshop.
Or.e is to be looked at and the other Is to be
worked. ' - : » <'
The forest, you must understand, is a great
protection to tl'e water supply of any coun
try. There are people who sa.y the forest does
not affect tl.e water supply. Why, I have
heard men eay it would be a good thing to
cut all the trees down so that they would not
evaporate all the moisture, but we have meas
urements to show that the moisture is con
served.
PROTECTS WATER SUPPLY.
reserve hurts the cheep and cattle Interest la
a mistake. . .. . ,„
Another objection to the reserve is that It
will drive farmers and settlers out of the
country. I don't believe that at all, and, as
I said before, the land should be given ud to
the dominant Industry.
Some fear that power plant* and railroads
will be kept out of the country ar.d develop
ment checked. Now. there is nothing in th»
laws Kovvrnitiff the reserves that v.ill prevent
the development of any such industry. in*
law is fran-.ed to cover Just such cases — the
machinery is all at hand.
Then they ask us. 'What is the use of the
land£? New trtr«s are comlnjr up on the de
nuded lards and nature will take care of it
self."' That Is true in some respects, but it
; must be remembered that In almost evcr>
case 1'ike this the trees that took the place or
the original ones were burned and destroyed.
Vast nur.;bers of acre* of such lands in this
State are now covered with chaparral.
I want to eay that the first purpose of the
Government .n this forest reserve question ib
to deal with the fortst fires. There is a popu
lar fetiinB that they cannot be prevented, but
ihey cat.. It Is because people do not try
that they say it cannot be done. The trouble
la they wait too long. The time to fight a
nre is in the beginning.
Rev. James Curry Claims
Municipality Owes
Him Teeth.
Mrs Fairchild said to-day that the Elks
would have full charge of the funeral and
would call upon their brethren of Oak
land Lodge to assist at the services,
which will be held probably on Saturday
morning -in this city. The body will be
brought here Friday evening after the
funeral services in Sacramento.
After the funeral of Homer O. Buck
man at Sacramento, Friday morning, the
remains will be brought to this city In
charge of. Sacramento Lodge of Elks and
interred in the family plat of Mr. and
Mrs. J. H. Fairchild, in Mountain View
Cemetery. The Fairchilds are foster par
ents of the prominent Sacramento sports
man, and after his death they telegraphed
to the Sacramento Elks, who have the fu
eral arrangements in charge, that the
plat was at their disposal.
In his boyhood Mr. Buckman lived in
Oakland with the Fairchilds, who took
him as their own offspring after his par
ents died.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Sept. 9.
WANTS DAMAGES
FROM THE CITY
BERKELEY, Sept. 9.— A dinner at
the Kappa Kappa Gamma soro
rity house Monday night was
made the occasion for the an
nouncement of the engagement
of Miss Irene Strang Hazard and George
T. Gerlinger. Among the young people's
Intimate friends their engagement has
been known for some time, but for their
larger acquaintance the news of the in
teresting event was reserved for last
night. The wedding day has not yet been
set, but it Is understood that it will be
Remains of the Beloved
Dead Will Rest in
Oakland.
The Question that should always be determined
Js, wh£t Is the dominant industry of the coun
try? It H is grazing, protect the grazing in
dustry: if It is mining, protect the mining in
dustry; if it is lumber, protect the firests.
Then, ir.cteed of wiping out any one of the
•¦¦mailer industries, rive them a. chance to ad-
Just therrsel-.es to new conditions. If the sup
ply of grazing is regulated, the r.heep men
will have a sure supply of grass and the quar
nls and murders that take place every year
will be abated. If the Government has con
trol cf the lands they will be kept In good
condition. I have talked to many sheec men
who believe this is the right way to solve the
vrxed question. It appeals to them as logi
cal. Therefore. I eay. the Idea that the forest
We come now to a very Important objection
— that thf mineral Industry of Northern Cali
fornia will be alK/lished by the advent of the
forest reserve. In the first place, the miner
has just as much rieht to work inside the re
rerve. as outside. The only difference Is made
i:i the cases pf mining corporations which re
<;uire a larjre amount of lumber. The forest
r'-sf-rve« will not affect the California miner at
all. Take the cast of the miners in the Black
Hills of Montana. From b'-lng violently op
posed to the reserves they became warm sup
l>orter» of them and! petitioned to have l,0<>i>,-
V.iKi acres added to the original amount. This
was all because they awakanM to the fact that
there were more mineral lands than forests
and that they needed the forests to protect the
water supply.
The objection that has created more difficul
ties- than any other ie that made by the live
stock men. In California you have wisely de
nied the lands to the sheepmen, nut even so.
last year a million sheep and a half-million of
horaca and cattle were grazed on public lands.
3t is not the purpose of the Government, how
ever, to destroy the stockralRing Industry, but
to preserve it against destruction. The sheep
raisers tell us that the grazing of the public
landK is m protection to them, an it destroys
all Inflammable material, but this is not so.
for the danger from fires Is just as great as
ever, 'rfmffll
Another objection is that the reserves will
diminish the taxable value of the property of
the county within which they He. But if the
lands are comrJttfly denuded of their growths
is not their taxable value destroyed also? In
Michigan the Government has been trying to
s-e'1 1,000.000 acres of- land at 1<J cents an
acre. It in burned over and useless. Now, If
it were turned into a reserve and cultivated,
how much KT«iter would be its worth and tax
able value It is the eame in California — some
Ijecrle advocate that flash In the pan policy
without thinkirjt. With the exhaustion of the
supply of timber comes the Inevitable loss. In
Northern California they have their valueless
acre* of chaparral, which can never be of tax
able value unless something is done for It.
These of you who have seen the country
around Mount Shasta have seen an example of
forf-st destruction.
THE MINERAL INDUSTRY.
I am an advocate of crazinjr lands for re
serves because they ought to be used for agri
culture. And I believe that all agricultural
lands inside cf the reserve should be used ex
tlUFively for agricultural purposes.
ICow. oa this matter of the use of public
reserves and tne opposition to them In Cali
fornia. I want to bay that one of the greatest
objections is tfcet in regard to boundaries and
the exchange of lands. In Northern Califor
nia IXuOo.wO acres cf public lands have been
withdrawn and turned into a forest reserve.
tome of this Is suKable for crowths, but a
{,-reat deal is altogether useless. Sow, one
cf the laws regulating the reserves provides
that any man owning land within the reserves
may exchange it for other lands. The provis
ion is a good one. It was i>ut in because the
eettlers had made settlements and spent their
money and they should be reimbursed. But
the law was used by speculators to feather
their own nest*. They owned lands w»thin
the reserves and of course manipulated them
fo they, could get much more valuable lands
in the exchange with the Government. The
railroads, which own laree tracts of these
forest reserve lands, could have made millions
of dollars through this sort of speculating, but
the Government fcas been emart In Its deal
ings with these people and in a recent ex
change with the Sianta re Railroad the cor
poration only got such '.-.•'•< in eichanp; as
were equivalent in value to those It held.
Again, they say the Government has not
withdrawn lands suitable for reserves. Well,
¦where there are such lartre tracts set a*5de it
is impossible to get It all rich land, but on
the whole the Government hae been very care
tul in its elections. It is not a question of
water in these reserve selections. The flre is
the great limiting quality vrith which we
have to deal. The fires have denuded lands
and changed the aspect of the whole land
scape. Ail over California you see large areas
cf chaparral, with only an occasional tre*
ar.d a few burned stumps where once forests
thrived. Thc-se lands can be reforested and
that is why they have been Included in the
leserves. We must remember that the con
t-umption cf the forests is far outstripping
the new growths. I find al.-o that there is at.
Mva that only the lands that once bore timber
s.tp fit for a reserve, but this is not true.
USE OF THE RESERVES.
BERKELEY, Sept. ?.— Olfford Pin
chot, chief forester of the United
States Department of Agricul
ture, lectured before a large
audience in the students' obser
vatory this afternoon on "The Forest Re
serve Policy in California." The Govern
ment's policy, he said, was greatly mis
understood, and it needed all the patience
of its agents to convince the people of its
Importance and efficacy. In the course
of his address he discussed each of the
objections raised Ly those opposed to the
work, saying in part:
On the qutstlon of forest reserves Calif oinla,
I tir.d. is iike a treat tamily divided against
Itself. Southern California Is una-nlmouBly and
aiwavs lor the reserves, and Northern Cali
fornia. Is ojiijosed to them, ¦with Central Call
iornia lavoriHK them, but r.ot strongly. On
the whole, however, California is as consistent
<n the forestry reserve problem as any State
In ttie Union.
In takins up the question of forest reserve
the Govmunrtit his overlooked the private
interests of the country in favor of the public
pood and In this way opposition of the most
virulent kiirl has been raised. These private
interests have been able often to create a
rpurlcus opposition. 1 have been engaged,
however, in vlsitlns communities where dif
ferences have arisen, some cf them »o serious
that I have been warned not to take chances,
but I ha\-e never yet found a case where op
jjusitloa privately backed has long survived a
ciear understanding cf what a reserve really
waa.
ELKS WILL BURY
HOMER BUCKMAN
Welander said to-day: "I would have
held the desperate man If It had not
been for the pistol exploding that car
tridge. When the bullet whizzed by my
head I thought it was time to get assist
ance and I dropped the robber and set
out to call the police."
By careful scrutiny the detectives fol
lowed the course of the robber In his
flight from Welander's to Eighth and
Magnolia streets, where he suddenly dis
appeared in a back yard. The last evi
dence of the fugitive was uncovered in
the rear of Theodore Gier's residence at
913 Magnolia street, where the marks were
plain in the ground and on the painted
fence boards of the escaping thief's
flight.
Though a quartet of detectives have
been busy to-day searching for a trace of
the bold robber that stood up A. N. We
lander at his saloon. Seventh and Ade
line streets, last night, the hunt has been
hopeless and fruitless. The police have
an excellent description of the lone pistol
wielder. , He was seen standing outside
of the saloon shortly before his encounter
with Welander, and several persons ob
served the man, even noticing that he
was manipulating a white handkerchief
that became a mask when he entered the
side door of the liquor store on Adeline
street.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Sept. 9.
Lose the Trail of the Fugitive
in the Back Yard of the
Gier Home.
People See Thief Pre
paring to Make His
Raid.
GET A GLIMPSE
OF BOLD ROBBER
Chief Forester of Department of Agriculture Shows
Benefit to States and Nation From the. Preser
vation of Trees That Conserve the Water Supply
PINCHOT DELIVERS LECTURE
ON FOREST RESERVE POLICY
BABY IS BURNED
BY EATING LYE
Child of Three Year3
Swallows Caustic
• Substance.
Finds Can in Kitchen and
Makes Way With Enough
to Cause Death.
POINT RICHMOND, Sept. 9.— Leo Me-
Linden, three years old. the son of Mr.
and Mrs. J. McLanden, ate a large quan
tity of powdered lye this noon and wasr so
badly burned by the caustic stuff that Dr.
C. L. Abbott, the attending physician,
said the child could not recover.
It was while the mother was engaged
In domestic duties in another part of tha
house that little Leo got hold of the can
of lye that was standing on a shelf in the
kitchen. With a baby's curiosity the
child took the package and began to ex
amine the contents. Then with the nat
ural instinct of one so young, the little
fellow started to eat the deadly powder,
and managed to swallow- considerable be
fore the lye began to burn. All this time
Mr3. McLJnden was In Ignorance of the
baby's action and did not know for sev
eral minutes afterward what had oc
curred.
Happening to go back to the kitchen
she saw the boy covered with the caustic
substance and crying with pain. Quickly
Dr. Abbott was called and the physician
applied soothing lotions and draughts in
an efTort to counteract the effect of the
poisonous chemical. During the after
noon the little sufferer seemed to rally a
bit, but to-night the fever increased and
the severe symptoms were signs to the
physician's experienced eyes that the
case was hopeless. The boy's father is
employed at the Paciric Coast Oil Works.
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
fixed for a time late In the fall.
Miss Hazard is the eldest daughter of
Mrs. J. R. Hazard of San Diego and a
member of the class of '04 at the Univer
sity of California. She has been a leader
in all the activities of the' university.
Mr. Gerlinger is of Portland and the
son of Louis Gerlinger, one of the richest
men in' Oregon. He Is president of the
Oregon Fir Lumber Company, the Van
couver Logging and Lumber Company
and the Salem, Falls City and Western
Railway, which is the property of his
father.
WILL DISCUSS
MAYOR'S PAPER
OAKLAND. S«pt. 9. — Two largo receptions
were riven in Oakland last evening: by tha
congregations of as many churches, one in
honor of the new rector of Trinity Episcopal
Church, Rev. Clifton Macon, and the other to
celebrate the third anniversary of the Rev. H.
J. Vosbureh's ministry as pastor of the First
Baptist Churcn. r • ¦.
The first mentioned reception took place at
the home of Dr. John Bakewell, the rector
emeritus of Trinity, and the members cf the
congregation were present in large nunibera
to honor Dr. Bakewell. whc> is much loved,
and to welcome the new incumbent. Mr. Ma
con. There waa vocal and instrumental mu
sic during the evening and light refreshments
were served.
The reception In honor of Rev. Mr. Vos
burgh waa held in Masonic Hall, which was
crowded with members of the church and
their friends. Congratulatory addresses were
made by H. Garthwaite. E. J. Parker, Mrs. 1*.
A. Johnson. R. M. Oaylord and the Rev. C
M. Hill, pastor of the Tenth-avenue Baptist
Church. Mrs. Vcsburgh was also called upon
and made felicitous response.
The members of the Monday Afternoon
"Whist Club were the guests of Mls« Harriet
Hall on Friday afternoon last, the prizes being
won by Mrs. Hayward O. Thomas. Mr*. Ty
ler Henshaw and Mrs. N. A. Acker. The
guests Included Mra. M. W. Kales, Mrs. Fdson
Adams, Mrs. Andrew Moseley, Mrs. Harry
Knowles. Mrs. Frank Brisham. Mrs. llorry
Meek. Mrs. Lillian Brown Everts. Mrs. Minor
Goodall. Mrs. J. R. Burnham. Mrs. Charles
Houjrhton. Mrs. John L. Howard. Mrs. A-thur
Crellln. Miss Emma Farrier. Miss 'Wilcox.
Mrs. George Hammer. Mrs. Bowles of Hong
kong, Mrs. Harrison Clay aad Mrs. Harry
East Miller.
The Oakland Book Club gave a luncheon at
the Piedmont Clubhouse last Saturday |
Mr. and Mr*. Henry Bratnober have r»
turned from Alaska.
Mr. ar.d Mrs. Ehmann (nee Collins) have re
turned from their wedding trip.
JESUIT FATHERS "WILL
CONDUCT A MISSION
Ebell Society to Hold
Special Session on
City's Need?.
OAKLAND, Sept. 9.— The Jesuit Fath
ers will begin a two weeks' mission at
Sacred Heart Church, Fortieth street,
near, Grove, on Sunday, September 20.
Solemn high mass at 10:30 o'clock Sun
day morning will inaugurate the mis
sion. The full programme will be an
nounced at that time. The first week will
be for English speaking people. An Ital
ian priest will have charge of the second
week's exercises, which will be for his
countrymen. During the mission all
pews will be open and free and communi
cants of all denominations will be wel
come.
Lowell Athletes Compete.
BERKELEY. Sept. 9.— The Interclass
field day of the Lowell High School to
day on the Berkeley campus resulted la
a victory for the class of '06, which had
61 points, against 19 points for '03 and 11
points for '04. The following were the
winners: Fifty-yard dash. Schwartz "06. 5
seconds; 100-yard dash. Schwartz 'o«i; 220
yard dash, "Wiley '07, :23; 440 yards. Cor
coran, '06, :57 3-5; SSO yards, Lewis 'Oo, 2: IS;
mile run, De Manlel, 5:23; two-mile run,
Maundrell. 10:21; 120-yard hurdle. Kohl
berg. :21 3-5; 220-yard hurdle, Huschman,
:34; high Jump. Williams. 3 feet *\± inches;
broad jump, Williams, 13 feet 7 inches.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway. Sept. 9.
Miss Mabel Gray, president of the Ebell
Society, has announced that at an early
date a special meeting of this prominent
women's organization will be called to
discuss the strong paper read yesterday
before the club by Mayor Olney, in which
he urged the co-operation of the society
In plans to clean and beautify the city.
Mayor Olney ( 's address, which was a
comprehensive nresentatlon of his views
on municipal Improvement along lines in
which women might have a leading part,
impressed his hearers and gave rise to
much favorable criticism.
The Mayor's theme covered what he de
clared was the absolute necessity for wom
en's co-operation in this work of civic up
building and he pointed out how much in
fluence the women of the city might ex
ert in that direction. ,
It is this desire of the Mayor that wives
should prevent, as far as possible, their
male relatives, husbands, brothers and
so on, from putting obstacles In the way
of public Improvements. He ran the
gamut of civic needs and made numerous
suggestions touching beautifying streets
by uniform, tree planting, and the like.
During the address Mayor Olney read a
long letter from City Councilman John L.
Howard carrying many ideas about street,
sidewalk and park betterments.
STATE'S BIRTHDAY KEPT
AS GENERAL HOLIDAY
Programme Appropriate to the Occa
sion Carried Out by Pupils
at Fruitvale.
OAKLAND. Sept. day was
generally observed here as a .holiday.
There was 'no public celebration, how
ever, the citizens soendlns the day In
outings. Many of the Native Sons went
to San Jose and took part In the cele
bration of their order In that c!tr.
At Frultvale exercises were held at the
Dewey School In the Bray District. At
1 o'clock the pupils all gathered In the
Assembly Hall, where a programme ap
propriate to the occasion waa carried out.
Those who participated In the exercises
and the part they took are as follows:
Reading. "The Admission of California,"
Owen Smith: son*. "Hatl. California,* school:
recitation. "The Puzzled Dutchman," Raymond
Northcut; piano solo. Lulu Antone; recitation
"Mattle's Views on Housecleanlnjr.*' Edna
Lauritzen; sons. " "Tl» Sweet to Be Remem
bered." Mabel Daniels; recitation. "My Papa."
Gladys Owen; piano solo, "Dance of the Honey
Bee?," Edna Lajoria; recitation, Mabel Froa-
vocal duet. "Mount Vernon Bells." May Brough
and Zena Taylor; recitation, "Our National
Flag." George Woods; songr. "Old Glory "
school: recitation, "The Widow's Light," Brlta
Dyberg: piano solo, Elmer Crowhurst; closing
song. "Summer. Has Passed," school.
WITHHOU)S PERMISSION
FOR STUDENTS' FARCE
Board of Education Orders That High
School Pupils Must Not
Give Play.
OAKLAND, Sept. 9.— The Board of Edu
cation has directed that the High School
graduating class this term will not be
permitted to give the semi-annual farce
that has been a feature of graduating ex
ercises. The reason for the order is that
the sphool term is reduced from the usual
twenty-three weeks to nineteen , weeks
and the board does not think time can be
devoted by pupils to preparation for tha
production without Interfering with
school work.
ENGAGEMENT ANNOUNCED
AT A SORORITY DINNER
Betrothal of Miss Irene Strang Hazard of San Diego
and George T. Gerlinger of Portland Announced
at Affair at the Kappa Kappa Gama House
THE SAF' FBA^CISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 30, 1903.
10
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
FA1L7NG HAIR STOPPED.
Baldness Cured by Destroying the
Parasitic Germ That Causes It.
Baldness follows falling hair, falling
hair follows dandruff: and dandruff is
the result of a germ digging its way into
the scalp to the root of the hair where It
saps the vitality of the hair. To destroy
that germ is to prevent as well as cure
dandruff, falling hair, and, lastly, bald-
ness. There is only one preparation
known to do that, Newbro's Herpicide.
an entirely new, scientific discovery.
Wherever it has been tried it has proven
wonderfully successful. It can't be
otherwise, because it utterly destroys
the dandruff perm. "You destroy the
cause, you remove the effect." Sold by
loading druggists. Send 10c in stamps
for sample to The Herpicide Co., De-
troit. Mich-
THE CALL'S
GREAT ATLAS OFFER
Will close on September 24,
1903, and all holders of Atlas
Coupons are requested- to pre-
sent them immediately, as this
great opportunity to secure one
of these splendid Atlases at The
Call's premium rates will be
brought to a close on Septem-
ber 24.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
From Nerv ousness
and Insomnia
Through Dr. Miles'
Nervine. I Use
Dr. Miles* Anti-Pain Pills
For Headache.
"I havs been troubled greatly wtih sleep-
lesiness and. nervousness for twenty-hre
years. I have never taken Dr. Miles' Nerv-
ine steadily for a Ions time but it never fails
to help me when I do take it- In addition to
this I can say that my general health is much •
better since my occasional use of Nervine.
than it was several years apo. I have used
Dr. Miles* Anti-Pain Pills for neuralgia and
nervous headaches and have always
¦ had prompt relief. The headaches usually
occur at intervals in the morning: and
by taking a Pain Pill when I feel the head-
aches coming on I can prevent the attack
entirely. My husband is also subject to
headaches a jd finds the same relief from the
Anti-Pain Pills that I do. We are perfectly
willine that you should use our names be-
cause of the relief we have found m using
Dr. Miles* Kemed es. n — Mrs. W. H. Beard*
LEY, Moscow, Idaho.
There is nothing that will so surely under
mine the health as sleeplessness. A slight
affection of the nerves is sutticient to bring
about this distressing condition and unless
treatment is at once bectm it grows worse
rapidly, bringing about loss of appetite, in-
digestion, a gradual undermining of nenre-
foTce and vitality, until finally the victim
suffers from nervous prostration. Dr. Miles'
Nervine quiets the nerves so that sleep may
come andfortiies the nervous system against
the attacks of any or all nervou3 disorders.
1 All druggists sell and guarantee first bot-
tle Dr. Maes' Remedies. Send for free book
on Nervous and Heart Diseases. Address
Dr. Miles Medical Co, Elkhart, lad.BRISBANE. Queensland, Sept. 9. — The Gov
ernment of Queensland has decided . to resign,
owing to the slim majority which it received
on It* taxation oroi»csals.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, firm;
No. 2 red wheat. 80%@S2%c; No. 2 corn, lit*,
No. 2 yellow. 52 T /ic; No. 2 oats. .tJVi#J4>4o:
No. 3 white, 37@37V&c; No. 2 rye, 36%c; good
feeding barley. 47@4i)c; fair to choice cialtlng.-
T;nit«: States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Time and Heights of Hlgrh and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Eay. Published by official au
thority ft the Superintendent.
NOTE— The hiKh «nd low waters occur at
tin city front tMlMloa-street wharf) about 25
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Steamer. 1 For. 8alls.
Meteor.. Nome & St. Michael... Sept. 10
Humboldt Skagway & Way Ports. Sept. 11
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. Sept. 12
Oregon Nome direct Sept. 12
City Topeka.. Ska k way & Way Ports. Sept. 13
City Seattle... Skagway & Way Ports. Sept. 14
Hanta Ana Cooks Inlet & Way Pts Sept. IS
Nome City.... Nome -. jSept. 20
Portland Nome & St. Michael.. Sept. 2(1
Cottage City.. Skagway & Way Ports Sept. 20
Valencia Nome Seut. 22
Veterans Greet Grand Army Chief.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 9— General John
C. Black, commander in chief of the
Grand Army of the Republic, arrived In
this city to-day from the north. He was
received by a committee of veterans and
members of the Chamber of Commerce,
who will have charge of his entertainment
during his visit here. . ;V>'
MELBURNE, Victoria, Sept. 9.— The
Premier announced in the commonwealth
House of Representatives to-day that the
conciliation bill, on which the common
wealth Government was defeated yester
day by the adoption of a labor amend
ment, making the measure apply to rail
way employes, Had been dropped for thia
session, but that the Government would
make it a plank in its platform in the
approaching elections.
Conciliation Bill Is Dropped.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 9.— John P. Burn
ham, chief engineer of the San Dlmas
Irrigation Company, Is dead at his home
in La Verne from heart failure. De
ceased was C3 years . of age. For thirty
years prior to coming to Los Angeles
County, six years ago, Burnham was
known as one of the leading consulting
engineers of Chicago.
Engineer* Dies of Heart Failure.
Steamer, j Destination. | Sails.l Pier.
September 1O. j
6. Barbara. Los Angeles Ports. 9 amiPier 2
Corona Humboldt l:30p!Pler 9
State of Cal. Ean Diego & Way. 9 am I Pier VJ
IJonlta Newport Way Ptg. » am Pier 1U
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 'J.i !
£an Pedro.. Humboldt.., I 4 pm Pier 2
Phoenix Mendocino City ..f lpm Pier 13
September 11. \
S.Monica.. Grays Harbor * pm Pier 2
Newburs... Grays Harbor | 4 pm Pier 10
Arcata Cocs B.&Pt. OrfordjlO am|Pier 13
Gaelic China & Japan j 1 pmlPIer 40
Kevadan... Hono. & Kahu!ui..f 3 pm|Pier 23
J Dollar... Seattle & Tacoma. ilO amIPIer 2
Ciarina Coos Eay direct... 5 pm Pier 8
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
September 12.
Chehalis ' Ora 3 * Harbor Pier 2
S Portland.; Astoria & Portland! 5 pm Pier ..
North Fork. Kumboldt I 0 pm Pier 2
Pt Arena.. r ° lni Arena I 4 pm Pier 2
San Juan... «*. V. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
September 13.
Pomona Humboldt 1 :30 p Pier 9
Oueen Pugel Sound Ports. 11 ami Pier »
S. Rosa £»n Diego & Way. 9 amfPier 9
September 14. |
Rainier Peattle &• Whatcom 4 pm|Pier jO
Arso Eil River Ports 4 pmlPier 2
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 10
September 15.
G. W. Eider A-torla** Portland. 11 am Pier '21
September 1O.
Alliance Portland & W. Pts. 5 pm Pier 10
Chico Coquille River ... 5 pm|Pler 2
September 17. |
Sonoma Rydr.«-y & W. Pts.. 2 pmiPIer 7
Rival Wlllapa Harbor... I 4 pm] Pier 2
September l\ I |
City Puebla Puget Sound PortslH amlPler 9
The Polyglot Club, an organization re
cently formed for the study of modern
languages, literature and art under the
direction of L. D. Ventura, will give its
first entertainment and concert at Steln
way Hall on September 17. An interest
ing programme haa been arranged for the
occasion and some of the best-known per
formers in the city will appear. Follow
ing is the programme:
Aria from "Macbeth" for barytone (Verdi),
Signor Domenico Borghesl; "II Ouado" (L.
Stecchettl), Max Vanzi; episode — "Francesca
da Rimini"' (C. V., "Inferno") (Dante), Miss
Grace Llewellyn Jones; "Apres une Lecture
de Dante" (Liszt), fantasia quasi sonata, Sig
nor V. Ursomando; (a) "En un Album" (Juan
de Dlos Peza), (b) "Que es Poesla" (Gustave
Becquer), Senorita Alicia Cutnca: "Le Rosaire
de l'Amour" (Le Moyne), L. D. Ventura: "The
Two Grenadiers" (Schumann), Cantor Ed J.
Stark; "All About the Polyglot,^' L. D. Ven
tura; poema — "Espagnol" ( reel tad o por el au
tor), Senor Rafael de Zayas Enriquez; (a) "Sans
Tol' (Guy d'Hardelot), (b) "Dcr Asra" (A.
Rubinstein), Cantor D. S. Davis; 'Galoppo
Notturno" (G. Pratl), L. D. Ventura; duo for
piano. Signorlnl and Signor V. Ursomando:
"Silence Is Gold," Signori D. Locapo and L.
D. Ventura; "A Dream" (J. C. Bartlett), Sig
nor D. Borshesl. Maestro S. Martinez has
kindly consented to play the accompaniments
for the artists. No encores.
Many Well-Known Entertainers Will
Appear at Organization's First
Annual Concert.
POLYGLOT CLUB WILL
BENTDEB A PBOGBAMME
NAPA, Sept. 9.— Roadmaster D. ID. Mc-
Wadeof Napa, after serving nearly forty
one years in various* civil engineering
capacities with the Central and Southern
Pacific railways, retired from active ser
vice Saturday. For the rest of his life
he will receive a pension from the com
panies he l.as served so long and faith
fully. In conjunction with the notifica
tion that he had been placed upon the
pension list of the company McWade re
ceived a letter from officials of the com
pany, commendatory and appreciative of
his efforts.
Faithful Employe Is Rewarded.
The members of the Independent Order
of Foresters of this city celebrated Ad
mission day by a picnic at Camp Taylor.
There were about 800 people, who had a
most enjoyable time. A feature of the
day was tho races, for which a number
of prizes were awarded. During the af
ternoon High Chief Ranger O. S. Coc»per
spoke to the assembled Foresters on the
subject of observing the anniversary of
the State's admission and was pleased to
notice that the Independent Foresters
were the first organization outside of the
Native Sons to celebrate the day. R. E.
"Wirshing, the vice high chief ranger, sent
a letter from Los Angeles wishing the
Foresters a pleasant time and expressing
regret at Inability to be present. , ..
Foresters Celebrate.
Eteamer. 1 From. | Due.
Rainier I Seattle & Whatcom . . . jsept. 10
H. K. Mam. ..I China & Japan !Sept. 10
t=. Barbara '¦ Seattle & Olympia |Sept. 10
Point Arena... Mendccir.c & Pt. Arena;Sept. 10
Chlng Wo [ China & Japan jSept. 10
Banta Rosa... j Kan Dle&o &. Way Pts. Sept. 10
Kan i'edro 'San Pedro [Sept. 10
S.Monica San Pedro |Sept. 11
Pomona Humboldt |Sept. 11
Argo Eel River Ports .jSept. 11
Coos Bay Kan Pedro & Way Pts. | Sept. 11
Marlpu&a Tahiti ;.Sept. 12
Uarda Hamburg & Way Pts.|Sept. 12
G. W. EMer... Portland *c Astoria ISept. 12
Rival jWillapa Harbor Sept. 13
Chico jCoqullle River Sept. 13
Centennial.. •! Seattle & Tacoma (Sept. ll
State Californ San Diego & Way Pts.jSept. 14
City Puebia. . . Puget Sound P^rts ISept. 14
Corona.., I Humboldt Sept. 14
Kebraskan Honolulu & Kahulul. Sept. 15
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. |Stpt. 15
F. H. LtgBett. Portland iStpt. 15
Chas. N«i6on..;g-jttl« iSoxt. 15
Bonitn j Newport & Way Ports. (Sent. 15
Columbia I Portland & Astoria. . .Sept. 17
City Sydney..! New York via Pai»ama!SeL't 17
North Fork...'Hmnboldt Sept 18
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Sept. 0. — Cotton futures
opened firm at ISO points higher and closed
steady at 4@12 points higher.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO, Sent. 0. — Wheat showed but lit
tle activity at the opening: to-day, and while it
sold higher, influenced by firm cables. It soon
suffered a reaction on favorable advices fr^m
abroad and liberal receipts at primary points
December showed a gain of %@Hc at S2c but
dropped to 81 %c under pressure of the local
selling. The close was firm, with December
%c higher at 82»4&S2%c, after having sold
%c higher on the bulge.
The failure of predicted frosts to occur in
the corn belt, tosether with easier cables,
caused a weak start in corn, with local trad
ers liberal sellers. Later in the session the up
turn in wheat, with renewed predictions of
frosts to-night and excessive rains, started
prices upward and the close was firm with
December at 51%c. having sold up from 50Vc
Oats were very steady, although responding
In some degree to the early slump In other
grains. Commission houses were free buyers
at times. December closed %c higher at
37%e.
The demand for provisions was exceedingly
active and prices showed a good advance
throughout the list. Investment buying in
October pork at one time sent that product up
nearly $1 over yesterday's close. Final sales
were at an advance of 62%c at $13 60 Oc
tober lard closed 25®30c higher at $3 30. while
ribs were up 10<520c at $3 70.
The leading futures ranged aa follows:
Articles— - Open. High. Low. Close,
Sept. (new) 8<Hi 80% 79.V R05i
Dec. (new) 82ft 82ft 81% S2&
May ...... . A ... 82V4 84% 8J % 8 4&
. Corn No. Z—
September 50% 51% 50% 51%
December ..... 51- 51% 50% 51%
May 51% 51% 50% 51J6
Oats No. 2 — ¦,-,"¦.?"!¦
September 35% 35% 35>4 53%
December 37^ 37»£ 36% 37^
May .'.-.. 38%. 39^ 3^ &£
Mess Pork, per bbl —
September 12 90 13 50 12 00 13 40
October 12 97^4 13 80 12 P7« 13 60
May 13 30 13 57% 13 30 13 50
Lard, per 100 lbs—
September 0 05 9 20 9 02Vi 0 15
October 860 830 800 8 30
January 7 15 7 40 7 15 7 40
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs — I /
September . 8 40 8 52% 8 50 8 52%
October 8 CO 8 75 8 50 8 70
January'.. 6 82% 6 87% 6 82>4 0 87%
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
The painting of the portrait was sug
gested and the consent of the Empress
to' sit was obtained by Mrs. Conger, wife
of the United States Minister. Miss Carl
has resided in the palace the past month
as a guest, with apartments near the
Empress, who gave her dally sittings.
Miss Carl has frequently dined with the
Imperial household.
PEKING, Sept. 9,-It has been decided
that the portrait of the Dowager Empress
now being- painted by Miss Kate Carl, an
American artist, shall be exhibited at the
St. Louis Exposition. It Is contrary to
Chinese traditions to have likenessea of
their semi-sacred rulers, made, and the
innovation has caused a : sensation at the
Chinese court.
Miss Kate Augusta Carl at Work on
Likeness to Be Exhibited
at St. Louis.
AMERICAN ARTIST PAINTS
PORTRAIT OF DOWAGER
EVAPORATED APPLES — The market Is
quiet and unchanged under a light demand.
New fruit is arriving In small amounts, but is
usually of a poor quality and is moving too
slowly to establish a range of quotations. Fu
tures are weak with prime for October and
November delivery quoted at about 5%i§3*ic:
common are quoted at 4@5c; prime at 114®
5%c: choice at 6@6%c, and fancy at 6»i@
7%c. . •
PRUNES— Are steady to firm at from 3«c
to 7c for all grades. •
APRICOTS— Are firmly held; choice are
quoted at 9%@9%e: extra choice, 0%@10Sic
and fancy at ll%@12c.
PEACHEg — Are steady; choice. "Vi@7%c*
extra choice. 7%@8V4c. *
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK. Sept. 9.— FLOUR— Receipts.
24,111 barrels; exports, 25,490 barrels; market
steadier at the close.
WHEAT — Receipts, 22,425 bushels. Spot
was steady. No. 2 red, 66c elevator and 88c
f. o. b, afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth, S5%c
f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Manitoba, 05c I. o.
b. afloat. At first wheat a.lvanced on hfsher
Paris cables, rain in the Northwest and &
bullish Russian crop estimate. but later
sagged off for lack of support. In the after
noon prices rallied with corn ard on a rcare
of shorts closed firm at %@%c net advance.
May closed S9c; September closed o7%c; De
cember closed 68c.
HOPS — Firm; Pacinc Coast common to
choice. 1002 crop, 21®28%c.
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL — Quiet.
SUGAR — Raw, firm; fair refined, firm.
COFFEE — Spot, quiet. Futures closed ac
tive, net 5@10 points higher. Sales were 13,
750 bags, including: September, 4c; October,
4.15c; November, 4.20c; December,. 4.43c;
March, 4.65®4.70c; May. 4.S5c; July, 4.9oc.
Netv York Grain and Produce.
The Servian public now openly takes
sides with the arrested officers and de
mands their_ release.
Great dissatisfaction prevails because
of a proclamation of General Gynkics, one
of the chief conspirators, to command the
army division of Nish.
BELGRADE, Scrvia, Sept. 9.— The Ser
vian army officers recently arrested suc
ceeded to-day in publishing a new procla
mation calling on all the officers to stand
together in demanding the most severe
punishment of the murderers of King
Alexander and Queen Draga. The officers
declare that either they or tho murderers
must leave the service. The proclamation
concludes with calling for cheers for King
Peter.
DEMAND PUNISHMENT
OF THE CONSPIRATORS
Servian Officers Recently Arrested
Succeed in Publishing: a
New Proclamation.
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height of
tide is tile came at both places.
THURSDAT, SEPTEMBER 10.
Sun rises 5:46 <i. m.
Sun sets 6:27 p. m. j
Moon rises 0:00 p. m. i
C [TImel iTime! 'Time! jTimej
p Ft. ! 1 Ft. < 1 Ft. ! 1 Ft.
S ,H W| |L W| JH W| jL W|
10 1:27! 4.7[7:05| 1.6 1:29 5.lj7:4C oTo
11 2:22 4.5 7:4:5! 2.0 2:<« 5.1 8:30 0.8 :
12 3:24 4.3 8:30! 2.4 2:51 5.1 9:38 0.7
13 4:H5; 4.1| 9:25! 2.71 3:41 5.2110:461 0.6
14 5:52j 4.l!l0:3S; 2.fli 4:43 5.2!ll:54| 0.4
15 j 7:o7| 4.3,11:^5; 2.8! 5:50 5.2j j
18 I O:58| O.2I 6:08, 4.5i 1:05] 2.8| 7:03| 5.3
NOTE: — In the above exposition of the tides !
the >arly morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of th« '
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the I
fourth time column gives the last tide of the '
day. except when there are but three tides, as ;
eometlmrs occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when the number
given Is subtracted frcm the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters. j
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 9.-Rus ell More
house, a structural :ron worker, employed
by the Llewellyn Iron Works, fell from
the fourth story of the^new Hunt>ngion
building to-day and was kil.ed. He was
laying flooring upon the iron girders and
absent rr.ir.dedly walked into an uncov
ered 2?an.
Iron Worker Is Killed by a Fall.
NEW YORK. Sept. 0.— The stock market j
opened dull and leas Interesting than at any j
time for the past fortnight. The price move
menta were narrow and without meaning, in ¦
Tact the market as a whole was devoid of epc- ;
cial feature and operations almost professional.
There was no pressure to sell, neither was
there even a semblance of investment demand. 1
Traders were "on the fence," committed to ;
neither side, but rather hoperul of a rally. Tha
news of the day was not of an encouraging
character. Aside from the Increasing serious
ness of affairs In Eastern Europe, which
brought about a further decline in British con
sols, the decision of Umpire \Vright, favoring 1
the hard coal operators, and reports of a prob- j
able strike among the Colorado coal miners I
were quite sufficient to check any trading that !
might otherwise have developed. The banks
continue to lose currency heavily to the lnte
rlor. Several large shipments were made west
and south to-day, indications pointing to a
heavy week's movement, in excess, perhaps,
of that reported a week ago. The banks ex
plain this movement as perfectly natural and
tending to continue in large volume from now
on. These shipments were partially offset,
however, by the release at this center of *1,
602,000 on account of Australian gold deposited
at San Francisco. This money was paid out I
at the subtreasury and was Immediately added I
to local bank reserves. The rates for foreign |
exchange were practically unchanged from
those of yesterday. The demand for remit
tance bills was email and offerings were mod
erate. .The day's business was limited to the
better known railway shares and the tractions.
the latter showing marked strength. The act
ive Issues were the Pacifies. Atchison, St. Paul,
New York Central, Reading, Pennsylvania,
Rock Island, Southern Railway, Erie and
Amalgamated Copper. The coalers made no re
sponse to the decision 1 already referred to.
Metropolitan Street Railway advanced 2%,
Metropolitan Securities 2% and Manhattan 1%.
Brooklyn Transit recovered from its early heav
iness. There was practically no market in the
early afternoon, but in the last hour short cov
ering Indicated tha^ the market had been over
sold and prices were bid up with some degree
of success. This move seemed to be purely
technical, however, although there was an im
pression in seme quarters that offerings were
being quietly absorbed. The closing was
steady. The crop situation developed no fea
tures. Railroad returns show Increases In gross
on thirty-four out of thirty-eight reads, the
average Increase being 10.58 per cent.
The bond market was quiet, and after early
heaviness rallied slightly and closed irregular.
, Total sales (par value), $928,000.
United States bonds were unchanged on last
call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— • Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 36,700 67 C5% 66% '
Atchison pfd 01%
Baltimore & Ohio . 6,000 62% 81% 82i^
Baltimore & O pfd 86 Vi
Canadian Pacific .. 1,400 124 123% 123y«
Central of N Jersy 500 160 160 16(1
Chesapeake & Ohio SOO 33% 33>4 33%
Chicago & Alton 22
Chlcago&Alton pfd 2C0 &IV, 63Vi 63V1
Chlo & G W 600 17 17 16%
Chic & G W pfd.. 30
Chlc&NW... 164%
Chic Term & Trans 10
Chlo T & T pfd... 200 21% 21ft 21»/i
C C C & St L 74
Col Southern 14
Col South 1st pfd'.. 150 HSVt 53V4 83
Col South 2d pfd.. 100 22% 22% 22
Delaware & Hud 163
Del Lack & W 237
Denver & Rio G 24%
Denver & R G pfd. 150 78 78 77
Erie 5,400 29% 29H 29%
Erie 1st pfd 1,500 67% 67y* «7%
I Erie 2d pfd 300 51% 51 51%
' Great Northern pfd 160
Hocking Valley 67
Hocking Valley pfd . 78
Illinois Central ... 600 133% 133^ 13 Hi
Iowa Central 100 19% 19% 19
Iowa Central pfd 37
Kan City South 22?,
Kan City South pfd SO
Louis & Nashville. 1.700 105% 105 105%
Manhattan L S.250 137 135 136%
Metropolitan St Ry 1,000 115 112% 114
Missouri Pacific .. 3,900 93% 83 Vi 93%
Missouri K & T... 100 19% 19% 19%
. Missouri K & T pfd 40%
Nat RR Mex pfd.. 300 41% 41% 41%
1 New York Central. 3,000- 123 121% 122%
Norfolk & West .. 800 62% 62 62%
Norfolk&West pfd. 88
Ontario & Western 300 23% 23% 23%
Pennsylvania 5,900 125% 124 125
Pitt C C & St L 62
Reading 12,200 54% 53% 54
Reading 1st . pfd 78%
Reading 2d pfd 68
Rock Island Co... 9,600 29M, 28% 28%
Rock Island Co pfd 100 65% 65% 66Vi
1 B.L & SF 1st pfd 65
1 St L & S F 2d pfd. 200 50% 50 50
St Louis S W 15%
St Louis S W pfd. 200 36V4 36 u 36%
St Paul 9,850 142% . 141% 142%
St Paul pfd 172
Southern Pacific .. 4,150 45% 45 45%
Southern Rway ... 3.500 22% 22% 22%
I Southern Rway pfd 300 84% 84% S4V4
i Texas & Pacific... 600 25 20% 27
'Toledo St L & W 21
Toledo StL&W pfd 2S
Union Pacinc 10,850 75% 75 75%
Union Pacific pfd.. /ICO. 86% 80% 8B%
Wabash 100 22% 22% 21%
Wabash pfd 700 35 34% 35
Wheeling- & L Erie ...... ..... 17%
Wisconsin Central. 200 19% 19 19
Wisconsin Cent pfd 300 40% 40 40
Express Companies —
Adams .... .... 223
American • 180
United States 103
Wells-Fargo 210 "
Miscellaneous —
Amalgam Copper . 15.000 48% 47% 48%
Am Car & Foundry 300 32% 32 ;.2
Am Car & Fdy pfd 100 82% 82% M2%
Am Linseed Oil .. * 11
Am Linseed O pfd 33
Am Locomotive .. 500 18% 18% 18%-
Am Locomo pfd.. 200 85% 85 83
Am Smelt & Rfg.. 700 «% 43 '. 43V1
Am Sm & Rfg pfd .... 89%
Am Sugar Rrg 500 115% 114% 115V*
Anacon Mining Co .... , 80
Brook Rap Transit 8,600 -44% 43 44
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 700 43 40% 42%
Col & Hock Coal.. .... 14%
Consolidated Gas . 1.200 172% 172% 172%
General Electric . . 100 163 163 162%
Internatl Paper .... .... 12%
Int Paper pfd .... 65
1 Internatl ' Pump •••• 35 '
Nczu York Stock Market.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 9.— The fruit growers
of this county expect a lot of trouble may
arise over the Interpretation and enforce
ment of the bill passed by the last Leg
islature, the object of which was to pre
vent fraud in the branding of fruit, the
requirement being that all picked fruit
must bear a label showing where it was
grown and packed. The packers claim
that they cannot take fruit from differ
ent sections of this district and make
separa: Jabels. The Cured Fruit Asso
cia.t!o;; classed Hdiister, for instance, as
of Sar.ia Clara Valley, and the point has
arisen whether or not Hollister fruit must
be branded as Hollister or Santa Ciara.
New Law May Cause Trouble.
ARRIVED.
"Wednesday. September 9.
5tmr Qu«*n. Cousin*. 56 hours from Vic- '
•::a ar.d wsy rKirtt.
Boar Ser.ta Cruz. Gielow, 12 hours from
U *? Landing.
C-ua'.ala. Jchnecn, 11 hours from Ben
!l n* Landing.
A'cctraz, CarUon, 14 hours from :
ECmr i"hctrax. OJland. 1« hours from Mcn
olno.
Buar ICe*tboy. Afller, 18 fcoyrs from TVest-
Strr.r San UattQ. Locke, 02 hours from Ta
" a.
Bsrk r.oderlck Dhu. Entails, 18 days from
i 'UO.
Br bark Inverkip, Jones. 77 days from N>w
¦Ftl«?, AU». I
Befar O M KelloE*. Iver»-.a. 21 days from ',
lafaakoss.
& ! r Newark. KelnerUen, 16 hours from
Tw&a landing.
SAILED.
Wednesday. September 9.
Navarro. WVber. M«iidoctnf.
Ptmr 1-el Sort*. Green. Crescent City.
• .--»n Hcartckaen. Pert Gamble.
Bchr l-<--Fie K, Jierr!a.m, Kan Vicente Land- •
SPOKEX.
July 30. !at 10 N. ion 25 W. Fr-bark Ba
rr.-. fr<-.m Dunkirk, for San Francisco.
?u;y S<>. lat ll> N. Jon 25 W, Atif ship Fran
• -o lijusepoe I, from Xewcaetle, England.
r Pert Lm* Anseles.
TELEGRAPHIC.
PODCT LOBOS, Bcpt i, 10 p tn — Weather ,
*zjr; wind F. velocity 8 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
.-TATTU:-- Arrived Sept 9 — Stmr Edith, ¦
¦;t-nc<- Stpt 5.
Bcgft <*— Strr.r Cottare City, for Skag
vay: ttTr.r Bertha, for Valdez.
i Arrived Sept 1>— Ncr bark Abyssinia, from
HA&DV CKEEK- Arrived Sept 0 — Etmr
Prenxtea, !ifpct Sept K
I*ORT GAMBLE — Railed &»pt 9 — Br stmr In
vern«-«s. for China: *chr Polarif, for Manila.
RF.UOXDO — Arrived Pert 6— Stmr Kedondo,
hfnre £ir-pt 7; stmr \V H Kruper. hence Sept 7.
Esdl*d Bcpt »— Ptrrr Hedcndo. for San Pedro;
rtir.r W H Krug»r. for San Pedro.
TACOMA— Arrived Sept 0 — Schr Annie Lar-
Bea, *rcm Red^ndo.
Kai',««! Sept S>— ftcfcr Expansion, for San Pe
dro: htmr Mineola. for Astoria.
EVERETT- Arrived Sept » — Schr A M Bax
ter. h«*nct? Aug 23.
PO1VT TOWXEEND— Passed In Sept 9— Ncr
tiark Abysislnla. from Glasgow: Br bark Dun
f'.KfTr.age. from Hioffo; Etmr Farallon. from
Skagwiy, for Seattle.
Arrived Sept & — lir ship Kins' David, from
Pert Bl&keley; Br bark Astoria, from Ta
< oma.
£al!ed Eert 9— Br bark Melanope, for Cape
Town.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Sept 0 — Stmr Rival,
h^n^p Kept 5.
bailed Sept fi — Schr North Bend, for San
NAKXEK <per chip Eclipse) — Ship Tacoma
v.a> to tall Aug 21; bark P.eaper Aug 23; itmr
President Au* 20.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONO'ATLU— Arrived Sent 0 — Stmr Korea,
h--r.ee Sert 3.
•JANJLA — Arrived Aug 2S — Br 6tmr Fera
t>ne from Newcastle, Aua.
CAVm — Arrived Aug 24 — U 8 etmr Solace.
irvxn Manila.
EASTERN PORT.
NEW YORK— Arrived Sept S— Stmr Eara
t,p.'i. from Ccloii.
balled Sett S — Strr.r Seg-jranca, for Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
A.VTOFACASTA — Arrivt.1 July 6 — Ger bark
Amiral Tec«"ttbcIT, from Chemolnus.
CALLAO— Arrived Ju!y 7— Er chip Vellore,
Ti-om Tacoma.
DORDHECHT— Arrfvr -A Sept 7 — Ger ship El
fri<-da. from Pert Blakeley.
F.jjLMOL'TH — Arrived Sopt 8 — Fr bark Jac
ques, hence May 24.
GENOA — Sailed Auff 22 — Aus stmr Olimpo,
lor Prccreso (before reported for San Kran-
GUATKMALA— Sa:lcd Aug 20— Ger stmr
UrTO&ot. for Harr-barg. » •
GUAYAQCIL — Arrived Bopt 22 — Br Etmr
Branch, frorr. Port lx>« Angeles.
HONGiCO.-rG — Arrived Sept S— Br Etmr Em
jire?s of Japsn, frcm Vancouver. Prior to
Sept S «ap etmr Tosa ilaru. from Seattle;
stnir TEcoma, fro-n Tacoma, via Yokohama.
LYTTLETON— To nail Sept 1— Ship I F
Chapman for Newcastle. Aus, and Honolulu.
MOI!O«AX— Arrived Sept 2*i— Br stmr Ivy
dene from Port Gambie. Auf 24 — Br etmr
Tottenham, from Seattle, and failed for Dalny.
p\\T\ Arrived July 25 — Ger Etmr Seaos
tri?-. henco June CC, and tailed Aus 2*J for
CkllftO and Hamburg.
UOTTKUD^M— In pert Aug 20 — Dan fhip
Jupiter, for Port Los Angeles.
SALAVERRV- Arrived July 28— Ger stmr
Xu:r.ar.tia, hence June 11. and sailed for Ham
'^VALPARAISO— Arrived Aug 2V— Br ship
Queen niiaaUtb, from NVwcantle. Aus.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
'.iUlZENSTOWN— Arrived Sept 9— Stmr Car
roithania. tram New York and Liverpool, and
lAVE&POOlr— B*lie6 S»-pt •>— Stmr Nonlland.
Ccr I*hS!adelphia; itmr Oceanic, for New York.
Arrived Sept i>— f-tmr Friealand, from rnlia
"V'n/flBOURG— Bailed Sept 9— Stmr Kaiser
%VUbelXD II, frura tsrerr.en and Southampton.
r MO vFlLE— Arrived Stpt 3— Stmr Ethiopia.
from New York, for Glasgow, and proceeded.
IJREMEN— Arrived Seyt 9— Stmr Kaiser
\Vilh*Im der Grr«»;, from New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— Palled Sept »— Stmr Kal
*. r Uiihelm II. from Bremen, for New York.
NEW YORK— Arrived Sept »— Stmr Laurer.
t:sn. from Glasgow.
Sailed Sept y— Stmr Bt Louis, for South
rrr.pton; etrer Potsdam, for Rotterdam, via
Uoulopne: ttmr Germanic, for Liverpool.
DOVEIt— P*.t»ed Sept 9 — Stmr Mempnis,
fr.m *=*n Francisco, for Hamburg.
.Shipping Intelligence
Jl>e bark Roderick Dhu arrived yeeterday.
» dsy« from Hilo, m!th 17.SS6 bags of sugar.
nw *crooner O. M. KeMogg. 21 days from
labtdtena, t-reugfct 10.000 bags of sugar.
Sugar Boats Arrive.
EASTERN MARKETS.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Sept. 9.— !
A Stanford student, Ansel Smith Will- j
iams of Los Angeles, who graduated last '
May with the class of 1903, has been award- j
ed the annual fellowship at Yale University j
offered by the Yale Alumni Association of !
the Pacific Coast. Williams was a student ¦
in the department of history and made a
brilliant record here. He goes to Yale
for the purpose of taking a master of arts
degree.
Another graduate of Stanford, James i
Francis Abbott of the class of 1S99. will
ko to the Universtly of Chicago as a fel
low In zoology. The fellowship -was
awarded him during the past summer, '
During the past three years Abbott has
been teaching in the Imperial Schools of
Japan and studying the fishes of the Jap
anese waters. He declined a fellowship j
at Harvard University.
A. S. "Williams and J. F. Abbott Are
Awarded Fellowships in East
ern Universities.
STANFORD GRADUATES
RECEIVE HIGH HONORS
CHICAGO, Sept. 0.— CATTLE— Receipts.
18.000. Including 200 Texans and 500 "Western:
steady to 10c higher; good to prime steers.
$5 50<jtfl 05: poor to medium. Sl^S 25: stock
ers and feeders. $2 50«J 4 15: cows. $1 50@4 «*:
heifers. $2 50<85: canners. $1 50@2 9O; bull*.
$2(g4 BO; calves, 53 5&B6 50; Texas fed steers.
$3 25.«4 50; Western steers. $3 25«4 60.
HOGS— Receipts to-day. 21.000: to-morrow.
20,000: steady, closed easy; mixed and butch
ers' $5 40@« 20: good to choice heavy, $5 "ft
<gfi: rough heavy. $S 25.^5 70; light. $5 70®
0 20: b'.Hk of sales, $5 6O®6 S3.
SHEEP — Receipts. 15.0OO; sheep and lambs
steady to 10c lower: good tn chotc" wethers.
$3#3 75: fair to choice mixed. $2'&Z: WeMem
sheep $2 75«3 75: native lambs. $3 50<g5 85;
Western lambs, $3 50(35 20.
ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH. Mo.. Sept. 0.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts. 2751; steady to *tronic: natives. $3S»
5 45- cows and heifers. $1 75@3 23; stockers
and feeders. $2 5O®4 40. .
HOGS — Receipts. BOSS; steady to 5c nl«her;
light $5 e5#6: medium and heavy. $3 50©5 70.
SHEEP— Receipts. 1150; steady; top Idaho
wethers. $3 50.
St. Wool Market.
ST LOUTS. Sept. 9. — Wool, quiet: medhin*
grades, combing and clothing, lfi-tJ^lc; light
fine. ISQlTOe: heavy fine, HS14Hc; tub
washed, 20@30c.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE. Sept. 9. — Clearings, $S47,4TH
balances. $209,513. Q
TACOMA. Sept. 0.— Clearings. $34S,i0o; bal
ances, 130,705.
PORTLAND. Sept. 9.— Clearings. $732.fiS0:
balances. $03,202. .„„,..
SPOKANE. Sept. 9. — Clearings. $326,014,;
balances, $1CO.."54'J.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON'.
PORTLAND. Sept. 9. — WHEAT — Walla Wal
la 79c; blue stem. S2c: valley. SOc.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Sept. 9. — Wheat prices declined
<02%e on light trading; blue stem, 82c; club,
80c.
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
Struck on Columbia River Bar.
TIM British fhi? Arranmore, which arrived
s other da.y at Alsca Bay from Portland.
reports that wh»n patslng out of the Co
:rr.b:a River she struck on the bar ar.d dam-
Lged her *t*er'.ng pear, ghe also carried away
it of her pocrp rail end sustained other slight
;.n.affe.
Disabled Vessel Is Believed to Be the
Excelsior, Bound for Valdes \ j
With Passengers. !
VANCOUVER. B. C, Sept. 9.— The
steamer Amur, from Skagway to-day, re- '
ports that while passing through Wrangel
Narrows on Sunday last a steamer was
seen aground on Midway Island, north of
Wrangel. The steamer had a tug beside
her. All the passengers were ashore and
from her position the Amur people be«l
Ueved she had a hole in her bottom. The
stranded sttamer did not signal and so ,
the Amur did not go to her aid. The 1
vessel is believed to be the Excelsior. !
bound for Valdes with fif ty passengers.
STEAMER IS ASHORE
NORTH OF WBANGEL
Tu-enty-Three Stitches in Scalp.
• naries 11. Rossbach. a teamster, fell from
if truck yesterday at Washington and Davis
•tr»eu and F?!!t his scalD from the back of
rf neck to the center of the forehead. The
• u., -km uninjured and after the surgeons at
b* Harbor HOfrital had Joined the divided
alp. utme twenty-three etitches in the op
-xtioti. Rosfhach was able to go on his way
¦ *hout attistance.
Spot tin declined 12s 6d in London to £123
and futures dectlned 5s to £121. Tha weakness
abroad was reflected In freer offerings here and
prices ranged lower, with spot closing at
$20 85.
Copper also declined In London, spot ther^
being .Is lower at £57 17s 6d. while futures
declined "s 6d to £57 2a t!d. Locally, copper
was qutet. Lake is held at $13 75(S>in fi7H».
electrolytic at $13 tS2>4$13 73 and casting at
$13 37>A@13 6O.
Lead was unchanged in London at £11 3s 6<t
and locally it continued firm at $4 33.
Spelter advanced 2s 6d In London to £21 2s
6d, while locally it remained unchanged at $rt.
Iron closed at 53s 3d In Glasgow and at 4«s»
3d In Mlddlesboro. Locally. It was weak an«1
lower all along the line, following the recent
declines at Southern furnaces: No. 1 foundry.
Northern. $17: No. 2 foundry. Northern. $16 .V>:
No. 1 foundry. Southern, and do soft. $15 50
© 16 -
NE"W YORK. Sept. 9. —There was a general
reduction of iron prices to-day to meet th»
reduction In Southern pig prices made last
week. The reduction here was 25 points oa
No. 1 Northern pig and 50c on Southern pig
Iron. Old iron and steel and iron rails wen*
about $2 a ton lower and old scrap Iron de
clined from $1 SO to $2 a ton.
New York Metal Market.
The beautiful weather and a legal holi
day attracted thousands of pleasure seek
ers to Golden Gate Park yesterday. The
merchant drove out sedately through tho
park in his victoria, the moro sportively
inclined young man about town dashed
out to the Cliff in his rubber-tired buggy,
while the wage-earner took' a car and
listened to the band concert or sought
shelter from the heat under the trees.
Coats were discarded. Owing to the
height of the temperature bicyclists were
absent.
The beach and the ocean boulevard were
thronged all day. If the California pro
motion committee had sent a photog
rapher out to the beach he could have
secured many pictures which would have
eclipsed the animated scenes of Coney
Island or Manhattan Beach. Th* waftr
was smooth and taking advantage of this
many people went in bathing.
ICo accidents or runaways • marred the
day's enjoyment.
of People to the Great Pleas
ure Places.
Beautiful "Weather Draws Thousands
GOLDEN GATE PAUK AND
BEACH ARE THRONGED
Prizes were awarded for a competition
in Gaelic dancing: and also for fifteen
events In the athletic games. Dancing was
enjoyed In the pavilion, both during the
day and evening.
The following committees had the affair
in charge:
Reception — Colonel Thomas F. Barry, chair
man; William Mulvin. John J. O'Brien, John
Burns. Jair.c? McGovern, James McDonald.
Mrs. S. McFadd.n, P. M. McGushtn Miss F.
X. Barr. M Donohue, J. H. Dolan, Dr. T. E.
Connolly, E. P. Ho?an, John H. Murphy. F.
J. Klerce, F. A. O'Brien, Miss B. Hennessy,
M. J. Leonard, Mrn. C. B. Flanagan. John
Kenney, P. Reynolds. M'.ss M. McCarthy,
John Cr-edon. P. M. O"Donnell. T. Nyhan,
J. J. Barry.
Arrangements — I. H. McGlnney, ehalrman:
John Oaney. secretary; John Mulhern, treas
urer; John D. Condon. Miss Josie Dillon, Miss
Annie Deasy Thomas F. Alford, R. C. O'Con
nor, T. J. Me'lott, J. P. Kelleher. Thomaa
O'Connor M'ss Emily Doyle, James J. Canlffe.
John P. Hare, T. M. Learey. Thomas P.
O'Dowd. Jeremiah Deasy.
Floor — Thomas M. Searey, floor manager;
Edward Hogan. assistant floor manager; John
J. O'Connor, Richard Condon, J. McDonald,
J. P. Dignan James Barry, O. B. O'Reilly,
John J, O'Brien. J. P. Hare, P. Lonergan.
Thomas P O'Dowd, Matthew Leonard. •
Gaelic. Danoing — R. C. O'Connor, chairman;
Thomas F. Alford. M. J. Hession. • James F.
McArdle. Joseph Mellott, Joseph P. Kelleher
and Captain Filgate.
The third annual Irish festival given
by the Celtic Union at Glen Park yester
day attracted more than 2000 pleasure
seekers. The literary exercises were held
in tfie pavilion in the afternoon and be
gan with introducins remarks by Jere
miah Deasy, president of the Celtic Union.
The speaker told of the general objects
of the organization, which, besides, has
undertaken the special task of securing
an Irish hall. For this purpose the Cel
tic Union Hall Association was formed.
The directors must belong to some Irish
society affiliated with the Celtic Union.
The hall funds now amount to $10,9917(5
and.Deasy said the society from this time
forward should make, rapid progress in
the treat work it has undertaken.
The Celtic Union at the present time
consists of St. Patrick's Mutual Alliance
Association of California, Knights of St.
Patrick, Knights of o.ara. Harmony Alli
ance, St'. Patrick's Association of America;
Unity Alliance, St. Patrick's Asociatlon of
America; KniKhts of the Red Branch,
Martha Washington Division, Ladles'
Auxiliary Ancient Order of Hibernians;
Columbia Division, Ladies' Auxiliary An
cient Order Hibernians; County Leitrim
Social Club, O'Growney Branch, Gaelic
League; Division Nos. 5, 10 and 12, An
cient Order of Hibernians, Gaelic Dancing
Club.
The Gaelic essay contest was partici
pated in by M. J. Connolly, Michael
O'Mahoney, Thomas O'Connor and Tim
othy O'Leary, each of whom read original
papers written in the Gaelic language.
The judges of the contest were Rev. P.
C. Yorke, Connor Murphy and Jeremiah
Deasy.
The Gaelic singing contest was an en
joyable feature of the exercises. In which
Miss Loietta Barr, Miss C. Barrett, M. J.
Connolly, P. O'Looney and M. Holland
took Dart.
While jollying along the merry prim- j
rose path and daily topping the high
places, George D. Allman evidently reck-,
oned without his host. , !
He seemed to forget that bankers kept j
a balance sheet and with this forgetful- ;
ness uppermost he drew checks with a I
prodigality that was as pleasing to him
self as it was distasteful to his friends.
Now a little matter of writing a check for
$20 or $25 was a simple thing to do, and
a very easy feat to hand to a friend and
get the cash value thereon, but it was not
such an easy matter for the holder of th«
check to extract the money from the Ne- ¦
vada National Bank when there was no
money in that bank to meet that par
ticular obligation.
Among the hapless owners of some of
these checks happen to be A. G. Hage
dorn and Gender & Hlnk. They, luckily
for Allman, are not Inclined to press the I
collection of their worthless checks, so up •
to the present no action has been taken.
Allman is, however, under bonds to the
United States Fidelity and Guarantee
Company, whose agents claim that they
have got to make good to the Government
something like $3500 — which Allman is re
ported to owe the Government on account
of aefaulting to carrying out mail con
tracts he entered Into in the northern part
of the State. What the upshot of the
matter will be is hard to tell, but rumor
has it that some wealthy relatives across
the bay have promised to come to the
rescue and arrange a settlement of the .
matter. ,
Seated on his work table, with his legs
crossed tailorwlse and his glazed eyes
fixed vacantly, into space, Leonard Lip
pert. tailor, was found dead yesterday
morning In his shop at 416^4 Montgomery
avenue. The body was in a natural posi
tion, the back resting against the wall.
The discovery was made by M. Baldoc
chi and Joseph Padilla. who have a shop
next door. They emelled the odor of il
luminating gas proceeding from Lippert's
Place and notified Policeman P. J. Keys,
who forced an entrance. Llpperfs body
was cold and rigid, and it was evident
that he had been dead for many hours.
Gas was escaping from a half-opened
valve of the gas fixture on the wall near
by. In the dead man's pocket was found
52 40. and his bunch of keys lay on the
table. This was about all the money
that he had when he left home at noon
on Tuesday, since when he had not seen
any of his relatives. He had been drink
ing to excess, and death is believed to
have be«n accidental. Lippert was a na
tive of Germany and was 75 years of age.
He resided at 512 Greenwich street with
his family.
Weather. Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Sept. 9, 5 p. m,
THE COAST RECORD. '
P K as o 2 5.
S Hg H3 aj $5. •
I Sg 33 $~ 8* w
STATIONS. I I| |§ gg |- |.
: ' ? ? i i f
Baker SO. 22 63 36 NE Cloudy ; .CO
Carson 30.10 74 60 E Clear .00
Kureka 30.10 66 50 N Clear .00
Fresno 29.90 98 f>6 W Clear .00
Flagstaff ....20.68 74 5B NW Pt Cldy .22
Independence .30.02 86 68 N Clear ' .00
Los Angeles ..29.96 86 64 W .Clear .00
Mt. Tamalpats30.06 84 62 NW Clear .00
North Head . .30.28 58 64 SW Cloudy .14
Phoenix .....29.82 98 76 SW Pt Cldy .00
Pocatello 30.24 64 32 8W Cloudy .00
Portland 30.22 74 48 NW Cloudy .00
Point Reye«.. 62 .00
Red Bluff ...29.94 90 74 N Clear .00
Roseburg 30.22 60 44 N Clear .00
Sacramento ..29.94" 92 60 NW Clear .00 j
Salt Lake 30.2C 64 42 NW Cloudy .00
San Francleco 29.98 92 62 W Clear .00
S. L. Oblspo .30.00 S6 56 W Clear .00
San Diego ;.. 29.06 80 66 W Cloudy .00
Seattle 30.16 .. 62 S Cloudy Tr.
Spokane 30.10 68 44 BE Cloudy .10
Tatoosh 30.18 66 50 W Cloudy .56
Walla Walla .30.08 76 50 SW Cloudy .00
Winnemucca .30.22 72 80 NE Cloudy .00
Yuma 29.86 08 78 SW Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen steadily over the
southern half of the Pacific Slope and Is be
ginlng to fall over Washington and Oregon.
There has been a decided rise In tempera
ture over California, Nevada and Oregon. At
San Francisco a maximum temperature of 02
Is rejiorted.
High northerly winds prevail along the
northern coast. At Eureka a maximum wind
velocity of 32 miles from the north is reported
and at North Head, 58 mllea from the south
west.
Cloudy weather, with rain, prevails on tha
coast north of the Columbia River. Cloudy,
threatening weather prevails also in Arizona
and extreme Southern California. Good rains
are reported at the Mexican stations.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
e'nding midnight. Sept 10:
Northern California— Fair Thursday, contln-
I ued warm In the interior; fresh northerly
winds.
Southern California— Fair Thursday, except
cloudy In the mountains; fre«h westerly winds.
• Nevada — Fair Thursday, continued warm.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair .Thursday,
light northerly winds, changing to brisk wester
ly; cooler ThurFday night.
A. G. McADIE. District Forecaster.
Th«» lax manner in which the Fourth
street drawbridge is being managed haa
been a source of serious complaint for
«m» time past, but the admonition to
CO kick to Michael Casey" Is all the
-lUsfaction so far obtained by the ship
pners and others Inconvenienced. The
r...ge was two hours late In being opened
resterday morning, in spit« of the fact
nat the schooner Queen was waiting to
r^t out and in the afternoon an hour's
•ardJness In opening the bridge almost
:aused the schooners John A a.nU Dauni
tm to miss the tide.
Protests to the bridgeman avail noth
"'g. He cpens the bridge when bo dis
posed and is said to have threatened sev
eral protcstants with personal violence.
"If you don't like way this bridge
* run make your to Casey. Don't
>other me."
This is the most sa. action any of the
fufTero-rs have received and meanwhile
¦nany precious hours ar^> being wasted
»nd the large business dependent upon
:he waterway spanned by this bridge is
:eing seriously interfered with.
NEW YORK. Sept. 9.— Special cabl* and
telegraphic advices to Bradstreefs show the
following chanKcs in available supplies, aa
compared with last account: Wheat — United
States and Canada, east of the Rockies, In
creased 1.2SG.0OO bushels; afloat for an€ in
Europe, decreased 400,000 bushels; total sup
ply increased *S(5.0(!O bushels. Corn— United
States and Canada, east of the Rockies, in
creased 571.000 busheU. Oats — United States
and Canada, east of the Rockies, Increased
&47.0OO bushels.
Visible Grain Supply.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady: creameries, 15<gl9M)C; dal-
Vies. lSQIZc; ens'. firm. 1731Sc; cheese, steady.
lO$pll»4c. I
Found Rigid in Death After
a Day's Search by His
Celebrate Bay With Literary
Exercises and Aihletic
Events.
Victims of Negligence Are
Referred to Michael
Oasey.
Travels the Primrose Path
and Beats People
Everywhere. ;
r>2£53c: No. 1 flaxseed. 93c: No. 1 Northwest
ern. $1 01: prime timothy seed. $3 05: mess
pork, per bbl. *13 40<&13 50; lard, per 100 lbs.
?3 12m?O 1$; short ribs sides (loose). $.H M 1
8 62H: dry salted shoulders (boxed), «%36 a i'-;
short clear sides (boxed). S^SSVic; clover, con
tract grade. |!) 15, nominal.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 19.8H4 3.2JO
Wheat, bushels 177.K0O 5S.5CO
Corn, bushels 1.231.000 23O.2KV
Oats, bushels 35t>.70O 508.145
Rye. bushels 5.7UO 90O
Barley, bushels 142,000 1,540
Friends of Hibernian
Society Gather at
Glen Park.
Legs Crossed His Corpse
Sits on His Work
Table.
Inf Pump pfd '° , I
National Biscuit S^* I
National Lead 15*» ,
North American .. 100 77 V, 77 V, 77 H
Pacific Mail .. 100 22^ 22V+ ' 22^
People's Gas 400 04 93% 93**
Pressed Steel Car. 300 41ft 41> /8 41%
Presd Steel Car pfd *">
Pull Palace Car 218
Republic Steel 100 11 11 U
Republic Steel pfd. loo «a*J ««*» 6fiVi
Rubber Goods 1,000 19Vi 18% "H
Rubber Goods pfd 70
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 2.200 41% 40^i 40ft
II S Leather T'k
U S Leather pfd.. 200 82 8m 81H
U S Rubber 300 12% 12% 12Ki
U S Rubber pfd 42
U S Steel 11.90O 22H 21% 21 l i
U S Steel pfd ..... 2,000 70^i 7014 "*"^i
Western Union ... 100 S3}j S3!? 83U
Total sale? 100.700 shares.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. Sept. P. — Bond transactions of
United Railroads of San Francisco — 3000 at I
7»%.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s. res... 108^ L & N uni 4s.... 0S%
Do coupon 109 Mexican Cen 4s.. 93
Do 3b, res 108 Do 1st inc 16%
I Do coupon 108 Minn & St L 4s.. OSJi
Do new 4s, reg.135 M, K & T 4s.... 98
Do coupon 135 Do 2ds. 7S
Do old 4s, res.. 109 N Y Cen sen 8%l «3%
¦ Do coupon 110 N J Cen gen 5s.. 128
Do 5s, reg 101^ Northern Pac 4s. 100-%
ito coupon IOIV5 Do 3s 7t>?i
Atchison gen 4s. 90% N & W con 4s... 97
Do adj 4s 00 Reading gen 4s...-85iJ
Bait & Ohio 4s...lOO'i i'tL. & I M con 5s. 111
Do 3%s 02% ft L & S K 4s 82
Do conv 4s.... 9fl Bt L SW lsts.... 94'/a
Colo South 2ds...lO4U| Do 2ds 72
Central of Oa 6s.. 105 "|S A & A P 4s 7'%
Do 1st Inc 74 Southern Pac 4s.. 86
Ches & Ohio 4 %s. 102^ (Southern Ry Ss...ll3vi
Chi & Alton 3Hs. -S^IVexaa & Pac lsts.114^
I C. B & Q new 4s. 03 ,C. St L & W 4s.. 72H
C. M&StP gen 4S.1O1 iUnion Pac 4s IK)*i
C & N W con 7s.l30Tjl Do conv 4s 94Ti
, C, R I & P 4s 100 Wabash lsts 114V*
: rCC & StL gen 4s. 95& Do 2ds. 105
Chicago Term 4s. 73 Do deb B 59Vi
Colo & South 4s. 84 (West Shore 4s 100V*
Den & Rio G 4s. OHHiW & L E 4s.... S«
Erie prior lien 4s. 06% .Wisconsin Cen 4s. 89VJ
Do gen 4s 83 Con Tob 4s 56T«
Ft \V & D C lsts. 103 Vj C F & 1 77,13
Hocking Val 4^8.105 H'Kock Island 73Vij
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 10 iLittle Chief 07
Alice 17 iOntario 6 5<>
Breece 15 Ophir 1 RO
Brunswick Con.. 03 i Phoenix CS
Comstock Tunnel 07V4'Potosl 19
Con Cal & Va...l 35 1 Savage 16
Horn Silver 100 Sierra Nevada... 57
Iron Silver 150 -Email Hopes 25
Leadvllle Con... 02 iStandard 2 00
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — U S Steel pfd ... 70»i
Call loans 4 @5 West Com SO
•Time loans oVfcigtf Mlnin:: —
Bonds — Adventure 5V4
Atchison 4s 97% Allouez 5> ; ; I
Mex Cent 4s 72 Amalgamated ... 48
Railroads — Gingham 25 &
Atchison 6fif. lalumet & Hecla.465 :
Atcfeison pfd 91«4 kentennlal 19 ;
Boston & Albany. 24J j Copper Range ... 65 '
Boston & Maine.. 167 Dominion Coal ... 7S*i I
Boston Elevated .137 Franklin 8S '
N Y. N H & H ..IMU, Isle Royale i'
Fitchburg pfd ...137 J ,ii M'hawk 42
Union Pacific 75% Old Dominion ... 8*i
! Mex Cent .... 13"^ Osceola CO
Miscellaneous — Parrot 2O>,£
I Araer Sugar 115 1 ,, Quincy 87ii
: Amer Sugar pfd ..HH .--anta Fe Copper . I 1 /* j
Amer Tel & Tel ;132U Tamarack 90
Dom Iron & Steel 13% Trimountain .... 66
Gen Electric 162 Trinity 7ft
! Mass Electric 21 Vj United States .... 20
1 Mass Elec pfd ... 79V4 Victoria 3%
United Fruit Oti Winona 8
U S Steel 21% Wolverine 71
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Cons for money 89 5-1'j N Y Central 23*«4
1 Cons for acct ..81) 7-16; Nor & West 64%
j Anaconda 4V4 Nor & West pfd . Ul
I Atchison 68 VV Ontario & West . 2^
! Atchison pfd .... U4^j Pennsylvania .... b4^i
I Baltimore & Ohio. S4> 9i Kand Mines l>%
Canadian Pacific . l-~i'm ' KtadiriK 27%
Chesapeake & O . U4Vj (Reading 1st pfd . 4SV-J
Chi Great West .. 17^ i Heading 2d pfd .. S3
Chi, Mil & St P .. 146 Vi! Sou them Railway 23%
DeBeers 20% Southern Ry pfd. SOVij
Denver & Rio G . 2o : i±', Southern Pac ... 4t>'&
Den & Rio G pfd. 8.S Vii I Union Pac 77Vi
Erie 30V, i Union Pac pfd ... 89^1
Krie 1st pfd CT^, V S Steel '.Zi^
Erie Sd pfd 53 US Steel pfd ... 7J 1 -,
I Illinois Central ..137^ Wabash 22Vi
I Louisville & N ..IOSVj Wabash pfd 36
i Mo, K & Tex 20vi
Bar sihfer, firm, 2ti%d per ounce. Money,
262^ic per cent. The rate of discount in the
open market for short bilia is 3 7-1&Q3 9-16 per
cent. The rate of discount in the open market
for three months bills is 3 i)-l(!@3% per cent.
Irresponsible Swindler
Passes Some Bad
Checks.
Mismanagement of the
Bridge Cause of
Complaint.
ALLMAN'S PAPER
IS WORTHLESS
TAILOR LIPPERT
VICTIM OF GAS
WORKS HARDSHIP
ON SHIPOWNERS
CELTIC UNION
HOLDS OUTING
THE SAN FBANCISCO GALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER * 10, 1903.
TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
11
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OP THE
CONDITION AND AFPAIB3
OP THE
PHCENIX
ASSURANCE COMPANY, Limited,
F LONDON, ENGLAND. ON THE 31ST
*-» day of December. A. D. 1302. and for th»
year ending on that day, as made to th»
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of Section*
610 and till of the Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds Owned by Company. .$2,468,341 23
Cash in Company's Ofttce 263 21
Cash in Banks 276.C41 91
Interest Due and Accrued oa all
Stocks and Loans 29.042 50
Premiums In dua Course of Col-
lection 2S4.S41 84
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on Losses already paid. 3.331 27
Total As»eU $3.063.483 8a
LIABILITIES. ~~~ ~
Losses adjusted and unpaid I31.23O0O
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 233,432 00
Losses resisted, including expenses. 24^fc! U>
Gross premiums on Fire%aJ« run- >,T,
ning one year or lessT $1,8S5,>
027 27; reinsurance 50 per cent. 912.063 63
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $ 1.535. -
723 97; reinsurance pro rata... 832.523 23
Due and accrued for Salaries.
Rent, etc 2.173 72
Commissions and Brokerage due
and to become due 79.072 39
All other liabilities 231.929 24
Total Liabilities $2.397.218 43
INCOME. ~ ~~
Net cash actually received for Flr»
premiums ...........$2,502,037 19
Received for interest and dividend*
on Bonds. Stocks. Leans, and
from all other sources 81.803 23
Received from H«me Office 324.373 00
Uncollccted premiums of last year.
collected this year 183.40A 7t
Total Income $0,004,612 U
EXPENDITURES. '
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $716,938 57. tosses of
previous years) $1,776,563 8«
Remitted to Home Office 83.004 M
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage - 431.607 39
Paid for Salaries Fees and other
charges for of fleers.* clerks, etc. 133.041 21
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes y ••• 73.483 W
All other payments and expend!- ;
tures ¦ 132.008 27
Total Expenditures $2.716.503 73
Fire.
Losses Incurred daring the year. .$1.856.143 00
Risks and Premiums iFire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Bisks
written during the
year ...., $405,933,216 $4,249,033 2«
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 397.819.463 4.179.924 90
Net amount In force
December 31. 1002. . 308.773.790 3.471.631 2i
LOUIS P. BAT ARD.
Second Assistant Manager.
' Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 4tb
flay of February. 1000. >.
GEORGE O. RUGER.
V Notary Pubtla.
BUTLER & HEWITT,
GENERAL AGENTS.
413 CALIFORNIA STREET, San Fraflel*—
THE CALL'S
GREAT ATLAS OFFER
Will close on September 24,
1903, and all holders of Atlas
Coupons are requested to pre-
sent them immediately, as this
great opportunity to secure one
of these splendid Atlases at The
Call's premium rates will b«
brought to a close on Septem-
ber 24.THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, THUKSDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 19O3.
12
HELP WASTED — MALE.
MURRAY
PHONE MAIN 5848. 63 i and 636 Clay st.'
LEADING EMPLOYMENT & Labor Agents.
Office half block long; 14 clerks employed;
by our own printing plant •> we publish a
FREE" Bulletin of Labor, containing
every position segregated under departments,
ready for distribution 7 a, m. ; also noon and
evening editions. German, Italian. French,
fcpanlsh. Portuguese, Greek spoken. GET
ONE FREE.
THAT IS WHAT
MADE US FAMOUS.
We know no distinction between Man and
Juan.
YOU ARE ALL EQUAL.
YOU ARE ALL WELCOME.
lt°£J\7^ GAVE 19 °3 WE'LL GIVE
45,000 MEN WORK. 60,000 MEN WORK.
v r v*T?A* DAY WB SHIP raEB TO
nff^nv' ARIZONA.
HAWAIIAN ISLANDS. WlELlTS UKI Cfi!
AND ALL POINTS S. K.. and Santa Fe.
_ ATI NORTH. KAST AND SOUTH.
RAILROAD HELP of every description. In-
cluding drillers, hammer and corner men,
muckers, laborers. teamBters. blacksmiths,
cooks and waiters. $5, $i. $3. $2 day
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
,».„ CARp ENTERS FREE FARE.
Millwrights. Carpenters' helpers.
b carpenters; northeast; free fare; $00 *
« carpenters; private work; 60c fare; $90
4 carpenters; large winery, fare $3. «0 fd.
f«r C * a « I ?^ er «V luinber com P a n>'. Plain work.
lair <f •* *".), J 4 (i.
Carpenter, ranch, 30c fare, $40 and found,
e^carpenters. house work, fare $1 30, *3 5O
b08si» r Me nter "' W * >Umb * r v™?***' n °rth.
•BSFfKS 1 ' bulld larR> gold *"*«"'
asaKT*gMs^: as* a gg-c&v
A £E YOU GOING FRUIT PICKING TO-DAY
OR TO-MORROW? 295 men wanted; any-
body can do the work; a man or a boy who
can eat fruit can pick fruit.
_ I $1 FEE. $1 FARE.
FRUIT $37 50 found. FRUIT
PICKING $30 found. PICKING
TO-DAY. $34 found. TO-DAY
Some to work about packing and dry houses';
you can have a good vacation. Go, come back
with J00 to $120. We ship NORTH. EAST,
SOUTH; also many to the great wineries.
MURRAY & READY. 634-H36 Clay St.
COME.
S65 laborers, teamsters, city and country
jobs. $2, ?2 50 and $3 day. All classes of
work. Come, aee.
155 Italians, $2 25 day.
You board yourselves. Steady Jobs.
26 laborers, free fare. 14 miles away, $42
and found. S
155 coal miners, free fare, $3 to $3 day.
105 laborers, teamsters, Wllllts, Uklah, fre»
fare, $67 50.
DO YOU KNOW— FREE FARE.
On every train we shin to S. P. Co.'s own
work, on all divisions, laborers, extra gangs;
also section hands.
DIAMOND MATCH COMPANY.
156 teamsters and axmen, $75.
197 laborers and drillers. $75.
155 track layers, ballast track, $67 50.
Cost you only $1; no discount; steady Job.
MINES, QUARRIES, TUNNELS.
155 laborers, you'll suit. $60. $75 found.
96 miners and tlmbermen, $90 found.
156 quarrymen. also drillers. $82 to $90.
06 carmen, furnace men, $75.
STABLES, FARMS, DAIRIES, HARVEST.
196 farm, orchard, vineyard hands, $30 to
$45 and found.
38 milkers, butter-makers. $30, $35, $40 »A
156 harvest hands, hay balers. $2 50. $3 day.
68 choremen, coachmen, gardeners, $30 to
$50 and found.
16 stablemen, city and country, $"0 to $45 fd.
86 men for brick yards, $35 to $80 found.
MARRIED HELP WANTED.
12 men and wives, farms, orchards, mines,
mills, $40 to $70 and found.
MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay st.
. WHERE ARE THEY?
83 lumber trusts and syndicates,
located In Four States,
Managers Here. Two Territories.
FREE— FREE— FREE.
90S laborers, no experience wanted, $35 to $70
and found.
1«8 experienced mill and yard men, $40 to
$150 and found.
3S3 woodchoppers. $40 to $*50 found.
386 woodchoppers, tlemakers, shingle, post,
picket and box bolt makers, tools and pro-
visions found.
BIG L. -> MURRAY & READY,
TRUSTS. 034 and 636 Clay St.
A— COOKS— BIO PAY.
COOKS. BIG PAY. COOKS. COOKS.
26 cooks for harvest and fruit ranches, hay
presses, etc.. $70, $00. $50. $40, $30 found;
very few men to cook for; no women there.
4 cooks for different mines, $70, $65, $50, $10
found.
•»<; cooks, hotels, restaurants, cafes, ealoons,
etc.. $70 to $10 found.
WAITERS.
S2 waiters, different places, Including cafes,
grills. $45 to $30 found.
6 bell and elevator boys, city and country
positions. $15 to $30 found. _
8 porters and bedmakers. city and country
positions. $45 to $20 and found.
*« dishwashers, etc.. city and all parts of
California, $40 to $25 and found.
18 hoys to loam trades and work in fac-
tflrlM. $6 to $12 week.
COOK. NEVADA. $50; FARE PAID.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
EXCEPTIONALLY GOOD MINE~
15 laborers, no experience wanted $67 5O.
MURRAY & READY. 034-630 Clay St.
ITALIANS— FREE FA RE^ITALIANs!
o(> laborers, Humboldt County lumber com-
pany: manager at our "fflce; $35 to $50 fd.
MURRAY & READY. 634-63C Clay st.
SPECIAL BY TELEGRAPH.
MIDNIGHT PHONE AND LETTER.
16 ranch teamsters, different Jobs, $,">2 to $10
and found.
TUOLUMNE COUNTY— FARE PAID.
39 laborers, first-class lumber company, $C0.
-, ARIZONA— TO-NIGHT.
•EUREKA — HUMBOLDT— FARE PAID.
32 laborers, big. good, lumber Co.. $60 to $75.
EL DORADO COUNTY— FARE PAID
16 more laborers, big lumber trust, $42 & fd.
RESERVOIR WORK.
25 laborers and teamsters fare $1 50; $67 50
FREE FARE.
35 carpenters, all plain work, only few
tools. $0O.
68 TRACKMEN. NEW WORK. $67 50.
2 tank coopers, winery, $3 50 per day.
5 young men, distribute bills $1 25, $1 50
day.
10 men for dry yards, packing houses north
$32 50 and found.
26 lumber pliers. Santa Cruz County. $60.
6 laborers, surface work, gold mine south-
east, $67 50.
TO FRESNO MOUNTAINS FREE.
25 laborers, mills and woods, $40 to $80 fd.
12 laborers. Santa Fe, free fare. $67 50.
Boiler-cleaner, city institution $2 50 day.
LOOK. FARE PAID.
25 laborers, manufacturing plant. $67. $50.
Camp waiter. $25 W»o fare: cook, camp $45
Millwright. $100— Lumber Co.
Spool tenders; 2 log loaders.
Clerk, young man, country store. $37 50 fd.
0 plow teamsters, big ranch, $40 and found.
2 men. run bean cutters, fare $1. $37 50 fd.
9 men. pitch beans, thresher, fare $1, $eo fd.
Man and wife as cook and bedmaker, fare
$3 $60 and found.
Best places • MURRAY & READY,
Biggest Wages. 634-636 Clay st.
HALF FARE TO CHICO. ~*
165 laborers, teamsters, axmen. $75.
NORTHEAST— SOUTH— FREE
2555 RAILROAD LABORERS TEAMSTERS
SANTA FE R. R.— FREE.
55 laborers, teamsters, etc.. $2 50. $2 25 day.
Candy Maker; Monterey County. $12 a weeli.
SPECIAL NOTICE TO-DAY.
3563 POSITIONS NOT ADVERTISED.
COME. SEE. '
BEST PLACES AT MURRAY & READY'S.
BIGGEST WAGES AT G34-636 Clay st.
FREE TO HUMBOLDT TO-DAY FREE
65 laborers, big lumber company. $35 found.
Furnace man, $67 50; brick temperer, $2 30
day. "
JiURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
BOY not over 14 years old as office errand boy
in wholesale house. EASTMAN KODAK
CO., C43 Market st.
A MAN of Indomitable energy and push, a good
talker, eager to make money. F. PERSON.
477 and "488 Parrott building.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
express or mall chgs. 11 Third st.. Exam. bid.
BARBERS — Fine 3-chalr combination case at a
bargain: must bo sold to-day. DECKEL-
MAN BROS.. 106 Ellis st.
2 BOYS wanted. 18 years old. DECKELMAN
BROS., 106 Ellis st.
BUSHELMEN. ROOS BROS. . Kearny at Post.
CARRIAGE blacksmith's helper; ready for
work. 1370 Turk st.
WANTED — A first-class saloon porter at 132
East St., corner Howard; call early.
WANTED — Good barber shop, or take a good
Jobi country preferred. Box 4186, Call office.
WANTED— An errand boy. . B. H. LEVY. 513
Market st.
LUNCH waiter. 1759'j Mission st.
DISHWASHER. 1750^ Mission Bt.
COMPETENT and reliable cutter: none other
need apply. S. N. WOOD & CO.. 740 Market.
SHIPWRIGHT, boat builder and helper. East-
ern Boat Building Co.. Solano and Illinois sts.
WANTED — Waiter for small restaurant. 2585
.Market st,, near Sixteenth.
PLATS FOR SALE.
A BARGAIN— $4250: CORNER LOT. 2 FLATS:
LOT 25x114: 184 CLIPPER ST. SEB
OWNER O" PREMISES.
FLATS FOR SALE — FURNISHED.
GEARY 577 — Furniture of 5 room flat for
tale; flat for rent; call afternoons.
6 ROOMS; sunny furnished house for sala
cheap. Apply 324 Linden ave.
taiv.MTLUK FOM SALE,
FURNITURE of 4 rooms for housekeeping for
sale; $50. 316 Fern ave.
FURNITURE WASTED.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4462.
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture. carpeU.
A. L. STORRS pays highest cash prices furni-
ture, carpets, etc.: tel. Larkin 3631. 634 Ellis.
HELP WASTED KE3IALE.
WANTED — Restaurant cook, $10; pastry cook,
(50 to $60; cook for delicatessen, $30; 4 cooks,
$30-535; 3 parlor maids, city and country,
$30; 2 cooks, private boarding houses, $30; 3
second girls, $20-$25; working housekeeper,
hotel, $30; 2 maids and seamstresses, $25,
$30: 4 hotel waitresses. $20, $26; chamber-
maid, country. *L'0: French nurse girl, $30; 3
nurse girls, $20-$25; laundress, boys' school,
$30; 4 chambermaids and waitresses, $20, $25;
housework, Suisun, $25; VacavlUe, $30; Mar-
tinet. $35, and other places too many to ad-
vertise. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 334
Sutler at.
A — WANTED — Girls to learn halrdressing,
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill Immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading school In
West. 233 Geary st.. room 13.
A — LADIES, learn all branches halrdressing
trade: manicuring, massage, etc.; 1236 Mar-
ket St., cor. Jones, room 04; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve. class; call.
A.— Girls to learn millinery now for fall season;
both seasons taught from start ,to finish In 1
month for $10; positions as trimmers, sales-
ladles, etc.. guaranteed at $10 per week up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton St.. r. 13.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS; NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY;
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S
FACTORIES. 32H FREMONT ST. AND 1S73
MISSION, NEAR FIFTEENTH.
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit; steady
employment: day and piece work: highest
wages. CODE-PORTWOOD CANNING CO.,
Bryant and Tenth.
WOMEN. to mw at home, $!» per week: mate-
rials sent everywhere free; steady work; plain
sewing only; *end addressed envelope for lull
particulars. W. D. DUPONT. Philadelphia,
Pa.
LADIES wanted everywhere, copying letters at
home, evenings or spare time, and return to
us. No mailing or canvassing, $9 weekly
earned; materials free; Inclose self-addressed
envelope for particulars. GUARANTEE CO.,
No. W 4. Ninth st.. Philadelphia. Pa.
WANTED— Reliable German girl for upstairs
work and wait at table; wages $20 to $25;
call after 5 o'clock. 517 Buena Vista ave.,
between Frederick and Waller sts.
A LADY of Indomitable energy to make money
and a convlncinff talker. F. PERSON, 477
and 478 Parrott building.
FIRST CLASS cook, small family: wages $40.
Call between 1 and 2 or 6 and 7; 2612 Scott
street, carfare paid.
GIRL for general housework; small family
wages $20. Call 2420 Folsom Bt.
EXPERIENCED saleslady, steady, for candy
store. Call after 10 a. m., 1400 Polk st.
OPERATORS on flannel underwear at 1157 Fol-
som st.
WANTED— Girl for upstairs work and waiting.
iaO7 Hyde st.
GIRL wanted to do light housework. Apply
818 Dcvisadero st.
RELIABLE girl for housework at' 1007 Lycn
_st.j_wa£es $25.
CHOCOLATE dipper of experience: permanent
position. BLUM'S, Polk and Sutter sts.
GIRL for general housework, assist with cook-
Ing, srrall wash. 1718 Geary Bt.
WANTED— A girl to assist in general house-
w ork; plain cooking. 3036 California st.
WANTED— A cook in family. wag7s~$30; car-
fare paid. Apply 115 Beulah street.
GIRL to take care of child and assist In
¦ housekeeping. 1610 Dupont street.
WANTED— A neat, steady 'girl to tend candy
Apply 1825 Polk at.
GIRL for general housework; small family.
Apply 75(i Clayton st.
GIRL for general housework. 51 Cumberland
st.. bet. 10th and 20th. Guerrero and Dolores.
YOUNG girl to assist care of child ; sleep home.
Apply bet. 10-2. 1661 Octavla st.
YOUNG woman to assist in small restaurant;
no experience necessary. 320 Third st.
YOUNG girl or middle-aged woman to assist In
gmall lamlly. 671 Adeline St., Oakland.
EXPERIENCED sewers on silk and wool
waists; best pay; steady employment.
KONIGSTEIN. 28 First St.
WANTED — Apprentices for halrdreaslng, man-
icuring and hair work: wages {2 per week
while learning. Box 4180. Call.,
GIRLS — About 15, for factory work: good
wages; apply at once. AMES & HARRIS.
100 Sacramento st.
WANTED— First-class hair workers. Apply at
HALE BROS.' »
$50 PER month to energetic lady or gentleman;
steady position. 302 Callaghan building.
WANTED — Hairdresser and manicure. Apply
at HALE BROS.'
NEAT, experienced young girl for second work;
apply mornings. 320 Walnut st.
YOUNG girl or middle-aged woman for light
housework. 1059 Golden Gate ave.
LUN,CH waitress. 615 Valencia street. | i
OPERATORS on muslin Underwear; also learn-
ers. Q. w. REYNOLDS CO.. 597 Mission st.
LADY agent* on salary. Call t) to .">. of He. b».
Columbian building. 916 Market »t.
WANTED— Finishers and quick sewers. Ap-
Ply M. SIMINOFF. 1228 Market St.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at lOttti
V alencia u.
Room 37.
LODGIXG-riOUSKS FOIt SALE. j
:W> ROOMS; fcou?e for men: rent $140 $l00>» ,
CS rooms; south of Mrrket: rent flOQ,. 2000
2* roome: corner: part cash; bal. easy. )*!W
Jl rooms ; good I mouse; rtnt *S0 350
"1 rooms; water front: rent S40; leave.. 650
ISO rooms; good lease; low rent C500
f" rns.; apaitmentsjV.'estern Add. ;rent 250
Honey loaned at 1 per cent..
Hotel* rcadhouses. flats. 5 to 100 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
A^PETEREEN & LARS EN. 1035 Market ?t..
offer select barsaln In of rice and sunny
room buildings of 32 and 60 rooms with lease.
SPIRITUAL!**!.
C V. MILLER has returned from his European
tr»;> and will 1>« clad to se; his friends to-
nlgbt at 8 p. m. 1064 Bush^t^
ARRIVED— PROF. FRED P. EVAN8. the fa-
mous ps/chic; stamp for circular. 1112 Eddy
«t.. near Octavla.
MME. YOUNG'? convincing spirit messages to- ,
nifrht. loc. C19 McAllister: come, skeptics.
KATIi: HEUSSMAX, circle Friday evening.
2Sc: fittings. 100O Harrison »l.. oor. Sixth.
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 Ellis, readings dally.
9 :'.i(t to 4; seances Sunday and Thursday.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
AITEXT1ON- $1 $1 Tl JI U
My rerulsr f3 reading* thla week for
$1 *1 fl II $1 11 JI $1
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE.
The first registered Tranc* Clairvoyant and
Palmist ever in Kan Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee
to make no charge If I fall to tell you your
name, occupation and what you called for; I
promise to tell you whether husband, wife
cr sweetheart in true or false; I tell you
whom and when you will marry; In fact, I
wia tell ycu every hope. ff«r or ambition
better than you can tell yourself; I lmprov*
your character so that you will reach the
highest possible development In mental vig-
or, health, happiness and capacity to earn
wealth, so you will live happy and contented j
the rest of your life. Hr's — 10 a. m. to 8 p.
rr..: Sunday. 2 to 8. 326— OTarrell St.— 326. j
S MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS •
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st.. next Examiner ,
bldg-.: ehe reads your life correctly, gives an j
accurate description of the paitt. reveals the ;
present happenings and portrays events to :
o"cur in the future; if you are ip ir-Uble, dl»- \
confr.ted or not satisfied in life, or have do-
| nettle, love or business troubles, consult this j
jrreat medium end you will be told how to j
overcome thorn; valuable advice In all affairs .
of life: «r>e up: satisfaction guaranteed ; read-
ings by mail. Tel. Black IZtY.K
1SMAR. the Egyptian rypsy. clairvoyant and
r-nlmlFt, permanently located »t 1104 Market
ft., cor. Turk; private readings datly. 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m.; readings by mail as satisfac-
tory as in person; 3 questions answered. $1: |
tell life. $5; tend lock of hair, date and year
cf birth: don't send currency. Send poetofflce.
W«ils-Fargo money order or registered letter.
A— MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reader, born with a double veil and eec-
ond tight: tells the pas:, present and future;
ladles. 50c; gents. $1: by cards, palmistry
and clairvoyant sitting: (1 50. 126 Turk et
Mrs. A. H. Kronenberg. palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader, will give a good reading. 10c. for
a short time only; when others fail try me to
convince yourself. 402 Franklin, near Grove.
MIFS ZEMDAR, young gifted clair. and palm.;
has second eight; a wonderful prophetess;
gives names; L. 50c; G. $1; 3 questions by
tnall.$2:hrs. 10 to 9. 714 Franklin. nr.G.G.ave.
LATEST arrival: Mme. La Mar, who predifted
the Gulveston disaster; card reading and
palmUtry; I. 25c. g. 50c; hours 11 a. m. to 9
p. m. Call 1212 Mission et.. bet. 8th and 9th.
A— Mrr.e. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given; 25c up. 5 4th St.. near Market.
OLDEST ladv palmist and card reader In city.
26H Kearny. room 20; ladles 25c. gents 50c
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader: elt-
tlngi daily. 44SV4 Jesale ft., bet. 5th and 6th.
CARPET BEATI5G '. AXD CLEAXIXG.
AIR. compressed, dry. ice cold, is now univer-
sally used in sanitarily cleaning carpets, on
floor, without removal or Injury; prices mod-
erate. Apply 6. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call bid. ; phon* I.Iain 5237.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. .'{55-357 Tehama ft.; tci. South 40.
'CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J. McQueen,
proprietor. 329 Guerrero St.; tel. Mission 49.
TRY HOPKE BROS.; excellent airpet-beating;
mattresses made over. 1432 Howard ;South 216
1 ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main S34. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH &. CO., earp^t-beating works; prices
reasonable. 17C3 Harrison St.; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLINS Superior Carpet -beat ir.g Works,
:«3 G'-Ii'.en Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
.CHIROPODISTS.
DTJNLAP FOOT INSTITUTE. 50 Geary^Ali
ailments of the feet cured: corns, bunions.etc.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
BANGHART & WEYER?"
Collectors.
No. 1170 Market st. Room 37.
BAD tenants ejects for $4; collections made;
city cr country. PACIFIC COI^LECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms fl-10: tel. 5.VS0.
DENTISTS.
DR. LUDLCM HILL. 1443 Market. nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per pet; extracting. 50c; gas given.
A NEW r»latt— The Whalebone — cannot break:
warranted 20 yrs. ; crown. $3 50; fillings, 5Oc;
plates. J5; full set: all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dejitat 1'atlors, 215 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth. *1 50 uo; crowns, (2 up: fll!lng?,25c.
j GOLD filling*. 75c; sliver. 35c; crowns, $2; no
pain: open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.204 Sutter.
10 PER CENT off this month; estimates free.
Now Tf.rk iJpr.titt^. !>00 Mission st.. cor, fith.
I*Itl>SMAKEKS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Mimne?y"schooi
— Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market.
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
srt's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
UVEIJiG A.\D CLKAM.VG.~
EEA breezes sweeten all garments, blankets,
lace curtains, etc., done by the Presidio
Ii»»h:s Dye Works, 3915 Sacramento; phone
lor wagon. West 453. H. H1CKMAN. pres.
EDUCATIONAL.
A— CALDWELL College of Oratory. Acting,
Opera and Authorship; largest j r , the West;
14 teachers; positions guaranteed; fall term
begins Sept. 7: day' and evening class; beauti-
ful new catalogue free,. 1295 Market, oor. 9th.
HEALD*b BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post. S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
language*, telegraphy. English branches;
day and night sessions, Ulus. catalogue free.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College, 123t> Mar-
ket; modern, progressive, practical; estab-
lished 15 years. Gregg shorthand, fastest,
easiest, most readable. Actual business
bookkeeping; typewriter at home free.
AYRES, the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket St.; special cummer course In all depart-
ments: handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
ship. S50; day and evening sessions.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkin st.
"A thorough school"; positions secured for
graduates; modern methods; individual In-
struction. Write for illustrated catalogue.
HINMAN'S Academy: a thorough school of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk st..
between Pine and California; both adult and
children's classes are now open for the season.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electriclty,24 Post
et., S. F.; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec.. mln.. mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1S04. Van
<!cr NalHen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
SYSTEM, discipline and results; the Golden
Gate Commercial College. Van Ness and Ool-
d<-n Gate avea.. S. F.; tills every requirement.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday, Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonla Hall, Howard"
Kt.. near Ninth: management Prof. Foster.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PAUTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st Night class.
LESSONS given in Water Color or OH Palnt-
lngs ficin Nature. CURRIER. 372 Sutter St.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, RTammar.writlng.
etc; day or eve.: $5 mo. 1024 Misslon.nr.6th.
Clncaco Eusinpss College. 1435 Market. nr.lOth.
P.'ttman »horthan6. typing, bookkpg.. $8 mo.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The "Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
BM PLO YMEXT~OFFICE9.
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post St.: tel. Bush 133 —
Japanese - Chinese employment office; fur-
Elsht* best help; contracts for farm help, etc.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese-
Chlnese help. 420 Powell. Tel. Main 8752.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office 415
Stockton; tel. Grant IBS; expert, reliable "help
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
Leon Seung't. 41 lVfr OTarrell; tel. East 428.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 61&S.
CHINESE! and Japanese help; ectab. 20 years.
Tel. ilaln :W7. BKADLCT & CO.. 610 Clay.
SAS FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Ftanrt?eo
Ca'.l. corner Markrl and Third streets; open |
vr.t.l 12 o'clock every night In the year. i
E!UNCH OFriCnS— 527 Montgomery street,
rcrner Clay; t-rt-n unti! 0:30 p. m.-
300 Ha>es street; open until 3:30 p. m.
«."» McAllisttr rtreM; cr*n until 9:30 p. m.
fi5 Lsrkm street; open uatil 9:30 p. m.
ISfl Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
?2C1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until :< ;. rr,
IP6 Elexenth street: open until 9 p. in.
1096 Valencia stre»t; open until 9 p. m.
Northeast comer Church and Duncan streets:
oien until 9 p. m.
Xorthwe«t corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky ftr«*t5; open until 9 p. m.
2200 FlHinore street: open until 9 p. rn.
mklvi'im; .notices. _
ANNUAL meeting of CJodfroy de i**?*!
Bv. Ontr • Council No. 1. IB I _
Knlchts Ka.i.fli. A. ami A: fcjS&iifftJI
Scottish Rite or Fret masonry- flB&SpsSalj -
will be held Sn Commander)' Sj — j£|j — £j
Hall. Masonic Temr>le, on _1RI
JUt.RSDAV EVENING. t*p- SfiM
tember 10. 1903. at ft o'clock, lih.,.,1, of
officers and ret«>;Hlnn of petitions.
HENRY BURNER. Kecordtr.
MISSION Cbipror No. 79. R. A. ii. — «•>
£j*«r:al meeting THIS (THURSDAY) VV
EVENING &t 7 o'clock. Rcyid Arch /VS
o>rr<*. By order of the H. P.
JOHN R. HILLMAN. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodre No. 1. F. and A. £
M.. will meet THIS , (THURSDAY) Vy
EVEMXG. Sept. 10, at 7:30 v'dock. />r\
Third decree. By order of the mas-
_Jxt. FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
FlDELITT Lodse NoTi2o7~F. and A. m
M— Special meeting THIS (THURS-VV
DATI EVENING at 7:S0 o'clock.
Third decree. Master M«Mi» cor-
c — .:y invited. By orier of the W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY, Secretary.
EOrTH SAN FRANCISCO Lodge No. m
212. F. and A. M., meets THI3 >Af
<THURSDAT) EVENING at 7:30 /*^\
«Vc!ock Xcr third degree. All master
Masons are cordially Invited. By order of
the master K. C. HARE. Secretary.
DORIC Lotee No. SIC, F. and A. M.— a
Rpedal ir.eetlr.g THIS (THURSDAY) YY
KVENJNG at 7.30 o'clock. First de-^^\
fcioe. By order of the marter.
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
fTAIiH KING Lodge No. 344~K. and a
A. M.. SIT r>e-i-lKa<5»r» r t. — FirM de- **/"V'
rw THIS EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. TWs
blaster Masons cordially invited By
frder of tbe W. M.
A. A. ANDERSON. Secretary.
OFT'Ii EUS i»r.d members or Fan .» •»-* u ,
Fi-ajins-co I.-,.-£r No. .1. 1. <>. O. .-¦^¦MtSBfe
F . ¦• •¦• ¦_ ..-.-• ' :,¦ vtr.i tht-_*£iif$*&^
funeral of our iate brother, I. C '^Stis&S**
nOGGnCB, from the Odd Fellows' buildinp,
K"»\e:ith and Market eu., at 1:30 p. m.
tharr. Thursday. Sept. 10. By order of
A. STEIN'METZ. N. G.
H. C. MADIGAN. Rec. Sec.
TK RBA BUENA Lodge No. 15. L
' ¦ ' ' F. — We nay a fraterr>.aJ -rfJ^S3p^*>
visit to r« ;r. i> •?.> in •- a .«-«3*fcpt;
NIGHT (THURSDAY). Officers "^Sftsl^"
tnd mcar.bers be present.
FRANK JCRULL. N. G.
CHARLES A. WISEWELL. Rec Sec.
PACIFIC Lcdse No. 15.\ I. O. O. *
F ¦!?:*& : j u<-:a Lortce No. 15^2^*5^'-
¦ni'I ; . -. this '. i£- a fraternal ; S5^fc"/" J "--
vltit THIS 'THURSDAY)
EVENING, fieft. 1". Third degree. Visft-
lr.E brother? crrdislly invited.
THORNTON THOMPSON. N. G.
J. 6. MEE. Recording Secretary.
CALIFORNIA lxvlEe No. I, K. or P.. '
meets THIS THURSDAY at S p- m..
Pythian C&stl*\ Market s>t. E?rru!re JSS&
rank. The Hon. B. V. SARGENT. .fiS*^
Orand Chancellor, will be the guest of th»
lodge. Momberf requested and visiting
knicht* cordially lnvitfd to attend.
ARTHUR O. DAVIS. C. C.
R. N. McLENXAN. K. of R. and S.
OFTI'TRS and members of Damon -fS.
Lodse No. 2. K. of P.— You sre
notified to assemble at the Castle /££v
Ha.ll on THURSDAY. Sept. 10. at
1 :S0 p. rn. to attend the funeral of our late
brother. I. C. COGGIN. By order
F. J. LEtTIS, C C
J. H. DANTON. K. of R. ar.d S.
THE Pan Francisco Scottish Thistle v «-y v,
dub mffts THIS (THURSDAY) 3^ Gtifi
EVENING, rraternity Hall. 32 \"*x££
O'Farrell Ft., at S o'clock.
GEORGE W. MILLKR. Royal Chief.
GEORGE W. PATERSON. Recorder.
CHKAPFST end best In America — The Weekly
Call. 10 races, n<>nt to any ad£rese In the
UnitM gtitrp cW Canada "n» year for >1.
AUKM> WANTED.
ACENTS-A n»"w money-maker. ¦ F. PERSON.
477 and 47S Parrott buildlr-e.
A1VOH.NEVS-AT-LAW.
ADVICE FREE. ESTABLISHED 22 YEARS.
Divorce* a epecialty. Private. Quick.
NO PAY UNLESS SUCCESSFUL.
G. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY AT LAW.
11^2 Market St., offic-es 1, 2, 3. 4 and b.
B&WABS OF FRAUDS.
Any ofif. car. advcriifo. but unless the adver-
titemt-nt tays "Attorney at Law" tbe party
advertising is rot a lawyer; den't be fooled.
ADVICE FREE
COLUMBIAN LAW AGENCY
Rm. XT>. BM Market: tel. Red €18: bad ten-
ants Oected fp'edHj' an'! reasonably; collec-
tion* attended to; attachments; corporations
orranizec; civil ar.d criminal practice.
P.OBT. W. KING, atty-at-iaw. Examiner bid..
rm. fill; all ca.se*>. damages, estates, wills!
attachments, collections, etc.; consultation
fr»e; no advance charges: call or write; even.
irsrs by appointment. Tel. Red 3C01.
ADVICE free— I win advance cost In meritori-
ous cak«£. divorces, probtte and all other law
¦£;f? no fees in advance; open every even-
lng. J. M. THURSTON. £19 Market at., r. 3L
L. H. CLARK. Kn-.ma Sspreckels blig.. 927 Mar.
k<-t fct.; coKDUltatlon free: no fe«t in advance.
AITKEN & AITKEN. attorneys, rs. 309-10-11.
Clur.le bldg.. r>O:j California st. ; t*i. Main 727
ADVICE free; all casef; open evenings. M.
L. RTAN. SSn Market St.. cor. Stockton.
BIRDS, DOGS. ETC
YOUNG ta!k!r.g paxrcts.JS each;Gerrr.an sir.glnr
»anarie». 52; we will try to pleas'? you; every-
ir.ing !r. our line at right prlrr*. l.Mfl Market.
Bl'SIXESS OHA.SCK8.
to ir£Asir ~
On Mason st.. adjoining the "Poodle Dog."
ji fine modem rooming-house of |C5 rooms.
und« r construction, but almost f.niFhed' SO
Mrgle rooms and 55 baths; great location:
reasonable rent: a sure moner winner if run
«>n tli» right plan. Spock &. Co.. CC7 Market.
A SNAP— Must be sold at once; sixty-room
corner loJglr.g-house. right down In htart of
the city; only opened about six months and
everything new and modern: will b« sold for
1-Fs.than cost. Ar£]y In a hurry to room
:<0r Call bullding^-hird and Market ets.
FOR SALi:— Furniture, carpets and good will
rf a new brick apartment-house of 175 rooms
in the city's ewcllest locality; "partly furnish-
ed and although just opened. Is over half
filled with regular tenants' already long
lease; If you want an apartment-house don't
fail to pet particulars of this at rooms
HO-8-C5. Call building. «wms
r.'EW HOTEL FOR SALE. " "
Brand new brick hotel 100 rooms, mtrnlfl-
tently furnished, with the best gre'de of fur-
r.Iture and carpets; located in the heart of
the hisn-rsade residence hotel cection on a
«-crner and equipped with every modern ht>-
tfl convenience, uuch as electric lights elec-
tric olevatcr, steam beat, phones in ' every
room, bilitard-room. grillroom, etc.: long
lease. Apply rooms 1404-pft Ca'.l building.
POTt «ale — Golden Gate Restaurant. Se* pro-
prietor from 3 ».o 7 p. m., 2a Ninth et.; fine
business.
FRUIT store Tor ale; eood paying business
2 horers and 2 wagons. Call at 1545 Gfary.
FOR !¦»]«• — Good oyster and chop house. 12<5
Seventh «.
IjOOTBLACK Hand for «a!<»: off the sidewalk'
Apply Seattle Club. 57 El'is st.
FOIt fair- \ good naloon in Oakland. Inquire
H. CLOY. 1 Tfiegraph ave.
J12.000 — >4 ACTIVE interest In downtown mer-
cantile business; established for years; en-
larging premises and stock; parties writing
' fcr Interview must be able to prove buslnesa
ability and Integrity; tb<« I* » Fplendid op-
portunity for live man with capital; bank
reference* exchanged. Box 4151. Call.
RETIRING from, bus I ness — We offer for sale or
exchange in rropmy one of the best-known
cafes In San Francisco: established 8 years
»nd doing cood business. Particulars, ad-
dress box 417::. Call.
FCR tale or rent — Fully equJrned. modern,
paying hospital In Southern California city.
Address P. O. box 457. San Bernardino.
FOR SALE — Saloon and garden: 3 years' lea**.
117 City Hall ave.. near Larkin ct.
fcALOON with 4 rooms; good place. Inquire
SIEEE BROS. & PLAGEMANN.
FOR PALE — An Insldf route on this paper.
Fcr particulars apply «t office.
A hnlcry: 4effea*y> all rtor* trade; J25 a «iny;
price *1SOO: nu a£«'ts. 715 McAllister tt.'
CLA^FIKI^TD «»IverllKcM«nt« and sujMx-riptiont
nceircti at CaJl Uanca elflcc, :_'uv Fi&nora,
HELP WAXTF.D — MA L.E — Con.
AT CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
69 Third 6t., near Call bldg.; phone ttush Ki.
NEVA DA— FREE FARE— N EVAD A.
200 laborers. Southern Pacific's own work,
new job, $2 a day; $ls» board.
We Ship Every Day— Free Fare.
40 section hands, all parts ot California.
EUREKA. HUMBOLDT COUNTY.
FARE ADVANCED.
10 lumber pliers. $G5 and board.
10 laborers, $35 and board. '
SAWMILL AND WOODS MEN.
2 timber fellers, $60 and board.
3 barkers. ?50 and beard.
2 crossoutters, $50 and board.
2 lookouts. ?40 and board.
2 waterbucks. S4<> and board.
FREE FARE.
10 lumber handlers and road gradcri, $2 a
day and ?40 a month. •
K coa! miners. ¦ Oreson
0-foot vein $i a ton
FREE FARE.
Woodchortpcrs for a Mine.
$1 50 a ccrd ?. feet Tine
52 a cord ,4 feet Pine
Cuok for country hotel, 1 north, $50.
CITY . * WORK
12 laborers 9 hours $2 25 a day
CAL. EMP. AGENCY, 59 Third St.
YOUNG night clerk, country, $20 and found,
fare paid; electrician for ice machine. $.10 to-
$C0 and board: 3 farmers and wives. $-10 an<l
$oo; milker, $35: 2 men about pla<-e, $35;
buggy washer. $55; sheep herder. $30; line-
man. $3 day: furnace man. $67 BO; man for
wood and coal yard, $2 60 day: miners, ia-
borers, boys for store, woodchoppers and
many others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S
Sacramento st.
BIIOP baker, country. $13 week and found:
restaurant baker. $C5; third cook. J5rt; hotel
cooks. $40 and $50; cook and wife. $KO; bak-
er's helper, country. $30 and found; waiter
and wife, $40; bellboys, kitchen men. dish-
washers; waiter, country' hotel, $30. fare ad-
vanced, and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
628 Sacramento at. ¦
YOUNG men everywhere copy letters home
evenings: ?D 50 w^ek. Send addressed en-
\-elope for particulars. Manager, Dept. W 4.
box 1411. Philadelphia. Pa.
TRY our. men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 per pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50. cr
orthopedic shoes, $3 50: best shoes on earth. 11
Third st.. Exam, bldg.. 5 doors from Market.
BOT to work !n candy factory. BLUM'S, Polk
and Sutter «ts.
WANTED— A porter. 448 Fifth st.
WANTED — Cook and lunch waiter. 434 Fifth
street.
WANTED — A good dishwasher. 236 Towns-
end st.
WANTED — Blacksmith's helper. 2220 Folsom
street.
BOY to help a plumber. 1017 Folsom st.
BOY with reference to learn plumbing. 119O
McAllister St.
ft '
WANTED— An elevator boy. 29 Stockton st.
A YOUNG man to learn underpresslng on
vests; $5 a week to begin. Apply Thursday
morning. 27 Geary at., top floor. S. N.
WOOD CO.
CASH boys wanted. Apply S. S. WOOD &
CO., 740 Market st.
WANTED— For the U. S. Marln* Corps, able-
bodied, unmarried men. between 21 and 35;
good character: must speak, read and writs
English; marines serve at sea on men-of-war
In all parts of tbe world, on land In our W»
and possessions, and at naval stations In the
United States. Apply at recruiting office, 40
Ellis st.. San Francisco. Cal.: 222Vj N. Mala
St., Lcs Angeles, Ol., and 401 K St., Sacra-
mento. Cal.
"WANTED — Errand boys not under 15 years
of age; good chances for advancement. Ap-
ply NATHAN-DOHRMANN CO.. 124 Sut-
ter St.
WANTED — Young man to set up toys; one
who la familiar with the use of tools. Ap-
ply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BKOS'.
YOUNG 'man to assist In cutting and work on
the beneh for an Interior tailor. Apply
REISS BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st.
WANTED— Office boy about 15 years old In
wholesale house: hours 7 to 6. Address box
4179, Call office.
GERMAN waiter for country hotel; wages $30
a month. Call between 10 and 12 . o'clock
a. m.. 319 Third st.
RELIABLE young man understanding butcftrr
businfss to .drive wagon. Schrader Bros.,
1372 Market st.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-form shces at $2 50; we pay
express or mall chgs. 11 Third st.. Exam. hi.;.
TWO tailors In Kern. Apply DETMER
WOOLEN CO.. 643 Market, third floor.
WANTED — Educated gentleman to locate in
Oakland and write short articles for publica-
tion; $18 per week; no communications an-
swered without references. Box 1720. Call.
MEN to learn barber trade: only eight weeks
required; special offer this month; catalogue
and full information mailed free. MOLEXi
SYSTEM COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, has
added loO new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third St.; 250 rooms; 25/: to 50c per night.
BARBER — Young man with few months' expe-
rience to finish trade. 1546 Park 3t.. Ala-
meda.
WANTED — Rough carpenters and laborers.
Apply room 14. 26 Montgomery st.. Saa
Francisco Construction Company.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullis. room 40, Phelan
bid*. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
WANTED — 3 laborers, pick and shovel. Four-
teenth Kve. and N M.. So.: Kentucky st. cars.
WANTED — An experienced young man for
liquor store. 331 Ellis street.
BOTS wanted: good wages: steady work.
Illinois Pacific Glass Co.. 15th and Folsom.
STEADY, active boy for wholesale house; stats
age and experience. Box 21.TS. Call office.
MAN to do janitor work for tuition In S. F.
Barber School. 741A Howard ct.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms. 35c night: reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10mJ
Valencia street.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 063 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting; 25c
to SOc. 563 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
" HOUSES AMD WAGONS.
GRAND auction sale: all horses, wagons, har-
ness, plows, scrapers and other material be-
longing to Greely & Son. contractors, with-
out reserve. Tuesday, September 15. 11 a. m..
at stables. 7th. bet. Pt. Loboa and Clement.
ON account of going to build, entire stock of
wagons, buggies and harness must be sold at
sacrifice. Corner 15th and Valencia sts.
2 GOOD work horses for want of use. Apply
lumber yard. S.E. corner Alabama and
Montcalm streets.
HORSES — Good ones; gentle ones; one saddle
horse. Cor. Second st. and South Park.
ONE fine surrey, 4 buggies. 1 pony and 2 pony
carts for «ale. 1504 Fo'som st.
FOR sale — Handsome trap: cheap. Box lOoV.
Call office.
FINE horse, harness and buggy for sale, cheap.
14'J3 Folsom St.. horseshoeing shop.
.« gcco hari** *t »»> ch»ao. rfr: «>r* t i +\.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
and gocart for sale cheap. 532 Mission st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — Th« Weekly Call
1« pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 year.
"""""HOUSES TO LKT. ~—
A— PRINTED list of houses to let; send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN-& CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A— HOUSES and flats to 4et: an immense list-
service absolutely free: take advantage of
this department; It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-259 Geary
St., on tbe square.
BEFORE moving Ret our printed Il3t of houses
to let. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Post st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents^ — The Weekly Call.
i* n»i»»«. in wr«nr»r. frr ma'llpr. *1 n»r »««r
HOUSES TO LKT — FURNISHED.
OAK. 419 — Elegantly furnished house: 10 rooms
and 2 baths: large garden; grand view.
LOFTS TO LET.
LOFT to lease — 856 Mission st.. NW corner
of Annie: light loft of 4000 tquar* feet; pas-
senger and freight elevator service; win lesa*
for a term: rent reasonable. SHAINWALD.
i BT7CKBEE & CO.. 218-220 Montgomery st,
Kllli building. . „-_
KMI'LOYSJEXT WAXTRD — FKMALE.
A TRUSTWORTHY woman wants housekeep-
er's place where son can do chores or cook
for men; country. Address three day*. MRS.
WILL6. 325 Fourth St.
GERMAN ladv wishes to do housework and
light washing by the day. B. H.. 430 Lin-
den ave., bet. Gough and Laguna, sts.
BOOKKEEPER and cashier now employed
wlrhes to make change; capable of taking
entire charse of office. Box 1224, Call.
COMPETENT Swedish woman wishes & situ-
ation housework and cooking. 717 Tehama
st.. near Eighth.
A SITUATION wanted by a refined German
girl at second work; wages $25. Call at 4W
Jee?ie st.. between 0 and 3; no cards.
•WANTED — By refined American girl, position
as second girl in small family; references.
Box 4150. Call. .
RESPECTABLE woman would like work from
3 to 4 hours In the forenoon. Box 4178, Call.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 63S McAllister et.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALK.
A MAN who knows city would like to get po-
sition driving team or porter in wholesale
house; not afraJd of hard work; good refer-
ences. Address H. E. O., box 41S6, Call.
FIRST-CLASS coachman; Swedish; private
family; permanent work; thorough horseman
and driver; fine all-round man; very best
city and personal references. Box 1735, Call.
STEADY reliable man desires position: thor-
oughly understands grocery and bar trade:
referencts; Mission preferred. A. M.. 1006
Valencia st.
A CIVIL engineer's assistant who Is studying
that line of work would like employment;
has served with City Engineer and can fur-
nish good references. Box 41S7. Call.
ENGINEER (stationary) wishes situation; city
or country; can do own repairs; reference
given. Box 4144, Call.
YOUNG man of good appearance wants a po-
sition as collector and taking orders; best
references. Box 4175, Call.
YOUNG man wants position aa bread baker;
city or country- Address box 1223, Call.
WANTED— Job aa teamster: 2 or 4 horses.
Address box 1222. Call office.
GARDENER wants situation; disengaged No-
vember 1; thoroughly understands the care
of gentleman's private place; single; age 2S;
also good driver; can furnish best of refer-
ences as to ability, sobriety and honesty.
Address J. FAY, Springfield. Vermont.
HATS— Wnnted. by an rnergetlc man of good
appearance, a responsible position In cither
hats or merchandise; wholesale preferred;
London and Australian experience. GREEN-
LAW, box 4171. Call offl\e.
; YOUNG man, industrious and capable, experi-
enced stenographer, wishing to better him-
self, desires a position where there Is oppor-
tunity for advancement; please state salary.
Box 1707. Call office.
YOUNG man, strictly sober, non-smoking,
would like work with a private family
around house and garden. 639 Clay st.,
room 3.
NORWEGIAN. 20 years old, speaks and writes
Englifh, German and Scandinavian, would
like position In store, city or country. Please
address box 4184, Call office. «
A MARRIED man. with experience as cellar-
man, would like a situation In a whisky
house; will give further details In regards to
work on application. Box 1722, Call.
I AM a young man of 18, Just left art school,
and I want a situation where I can advance
myself; I am good with both pen and pencil.
Address J. D. BELL, 717 Golden Gate ave.
"WANTED — Situation by an experienced mixol-
ogist; German, with best of references. Box
4176, Call office.
BY young man as bartender, night or day;
also experienced In wholesale and retail gro-
cery business. Box 4177. Call office.
WANTED — Work on poultry ranch; want to
learn the business. Box 4174. Call office.
RELIABLE German, middle-aged, single, tem-
perate, wants situation as watchman; ref-
erences, bonds. Box 1704. Call office.
JAPANESE very good boy wants position.
HARRY. 807 Thirteenth St.. near Steiner;
tel. Page 4363. <
JAPANESE boy wishes to work a few hours
In the daytime or as schoolboy; speaks very
good English. WILLIAM. 1329 Pine st.;
tel. Larkin 2611.
JAPANESE boy wants a position in family
as schoolboy. F. SHIO, 315A Mason St.; tel.
Green 250.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch off.ee, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1090
Valencia st.
FINANCIAL*
COPPER— Any man with from $10,000 to $23.-
000 to Invest in mining will do well to com-
municate with the undersigned; large bodies
of high-grade ore are already developed;
mine proven beyond doubt; big dividends as-
sured right away; no agents. PROSPEC-
TUS. 2012 Howard st.
" FLATS TO LfcJT.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; aa Immense list:
service absolutely free: take advantage of
this department: It will save you Urn* and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. J1S-S39 Geary
St., en the square.
OAK. 336 and 338— 'New flats; 6 rooms and
bath; modern improvements.
$7— FLAT: large yard. 726Vi Harrison st..
between Third and Fourth.
PIERCE. 259 — Elegant 6-room sunny flat with
bath; reasonable rent.
$12 95; Sunny 4 rooms. 131 Ivy ave., near Van
- Ness.
HERMAN, 45 — Upper flat, 4 large rooms, bath
and cellar: rent $16.
AN elegant 6-room flat, nearly new; half block
from Market st. 3943 Seventeenth st.
SIXTH. 320—6 rooms, bath; sunny yard.
STOCKTON. PL.. 22— t flats. 4 rooms and
baths; $20 each.
XO lei — Klat of four rooms; 1897 O'Farreiu
HOOKER & LENT. 14 Post St. __^
UPPER flat to let: 4 rooms and bath; rent SIS;
water free. 336V$ Tehama st.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
UPPER flat B rooms, furn. complete; piano;
marine view; reasonable. 1862 Stockton st.
LOST AND KOPSP.
LOST-Pearl and cx^al pin alT~Sutro Bath»
Wednesday n.omir.u. Return 5fk> suiter it..
ttward.
LOS-T— Diamond pin (leaf), either on Sutro ca*»
or at Cliff boach: a keepsake; reward. 411*
L;on Ft. ' __
LOST— Foather boa. betv.ern Stockton. Gsarjr
and Markt-t *ts. Return to Slitlin^ry blore.
P»at and Stockton st3. : reward.^.
LOST — Gordon wetter dog: name McKinUy.
J. H. MULLER. 10»> Eleventh st.; rewaru.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernla Saving*
and Loan Society of San Francisco in th«
name of JOHN J OflMSBY; No. 521.521. Th«
finder will please return to bank.
WILL lady and boy who hcM overcoat tor
gentleman on boat Sunday nlsht pltaae re-
port to 538 OTarrell St.?
LOST— On Fourth St.. b?t. Rranran and How-
ard, lady's pin with diamond and pearls. Re-
turn to 519A Brannan and receive reward.
t r l *s H setter pup* little hi t^ *rofi t o* n^ck \
license No. 2S!i~' Liberal reward if returned
to 1U10 Franklin st. ; phone Eaat V.9.
STRAYED — Brown tpanlel pup: 11 weeks old
(mal*>. Finder ploase return to 11-4 Guerrero
st. and receive jewarcL
LOST Steel bead r'Jrse. bet. Post ard Kearny
and Ca!l blii. Return •!<*» Call i>!.i. : reward.
LCV^T— A bUc\ po4ntor. F!c«ns« Cl£<i. Reward
if returned to CJay street.
FOUND — A white bull terrier dosr. Inquire at
BALDWIN ANNEX L 1CS Market st.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
¦Uatch Ca»» Co.. «O Sutter st.. n*eds old
gold and »Hver tn mafc» n»w waN-h cases.
MEDICAIm
MKS DR WVETH. sueclalist for all fem*l»
complaints. ln*tant relief guaranteed; M
yeara' experience; removed to »2tt Post «t.
MKj. UK. KOHL, reliablo specialist for ail {••
male troubles and Irresularlties; Instant rj-
llef guaranteed. lOOS^ Market St.. opp. Bta.
VALPEAU'S~female pil>: best regulating ptll»
sold; price «2 50 by express. Pasteur s
syrsnge and tablets: price %2 5O. By express
only on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTH-
KRS. wholesale druggists. Seventh aa*
lircadway. Oakland.
Dll. O. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick o*
In trouble consult this specialist oa fersals
complaints: positively corrected; th« unfor-
tunate helped: the most difficult cases treat-
ed; advice free. Office. 1018 Market st.
Drs. Goodwin. 7:« Turlj. nr. Van N'esa — Export
iii obstetrics, female complaints: inst. r«Uef;
trrat.Tie.it $10; hours, 10 to 5; 23 yra. ex^r.
MKS. D. ALLEN. Ills Market— Reliable ladle*'
specialist: a private home- befor* aad duricx
confinement: best medical cara: low fe«».
CR. KOSKN moved to :Tj1)5 Folsom St.. cor.
26th; relief «1O; ladles' exclusive offlc.i.
Jilt, and MKS. DA VIES and HINDOO H£SB4:
orldnal method of treatment. 1128 Market at.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 31D Towell «.. opposlt*
Unicn i<Tuar»: a'.I diseases cured by herb»-
UIUJAtiHT.
Ladles' Imported & tailored hats Just In; call;
prices low to start them going; frames mads
to fit the face. MME. DOSCH. 207 Poat st.
MRS. RUMPLE will be pleased to meet old and
m>w friends at her millinery parlors.221 Geary
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SAUL.
DOES YOUR ROOt' LEAK?
Repair It with elaterlte; in rolls easy to lay:
needs no painting or coating; gojd over old
iron, tin or shingles; best for ti«» roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFINO CO.. 713 Market St.
2D-HD. machinery, boilers, engines. pump».
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchange- see Sunday paper*.
H. S. WHITE M'CH'Y CO.. 130-132 Beaie st.
A — Fine suits. (7 ."0; dress pazts. *-' 30. Origi-
nal Mtsflt Clothing Parlors. *^i8 K-arny st..
A— $3 5O DEKBY and fedora hats, $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny St.. near
Pine; open till i» p. m. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITGLAW, 25^-^15 Spear st.
1O SHARES preferred and 1O «har<»!» common
stock in well-paytrss: automobile cnmpauy for
sal« cheap. Address box 12U1. Call offlc*.
NEWSPAPER route lor sale: ftn* chance fur
the right man. Address N. A. LARbEN.
17l5 Pacific ave.. Alameda.
TRY cur men's* shoes at $1 and St SO pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 BO; we ra.V express
charges. 11 :ui st.. Exam, bid.; catalog. fre«.
BOILERS, engines, :M-hand machinerv. Mci.N-
TOfc'H 4; V.OLPMAN. 1 93-1 3T Fremont St.
A FINE 4** -carat perfect white diarcond at *
bargain. 10 Sixth st.
SAFES — New snd second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. S17-423 Sacramento »t.
A JULEa' JUr.GE.NSEN' 5-minuts leyeanu*
watch: very reasonable. 10 Slxih *t.
PAIR :i-karat diamond earring* at » bargain.
10 Sixth st.
J1OV1XO pictures. ma?lc lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Pc«t st.
MILES of pipe and fltti-u-c all ->izes. EU-
UENE RILEY & SONS. 100 Va'Ulr. st.
MOVING picture nlm and son: slides. 109
Stontsromery »t.
SAFES — New ar.d second-hand. E. Bw BZCK
& CO.. 122 Market st.
All bargains ;camp stools and chairs. hammocks,
metal befis.mattresses.J.F.IIotter.'U Mission.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, movln*
plctur* machines. fllnr«. Baciga'.un* nil Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles ard launches,
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 4n«Fremn:it et.
ASK for prices on ?e?on-1-hand typewriters: all
m «y«v«. Al.EXAvnrR * en., no m™»t't.
MISCKI.I.AISEOCS WANTS.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing «ml
theatrical goods. 154 Oth »t. : te!. Jessie 2351.
A BIG price paid for sealskins: send poutal.
25 Storkt-n ft. : rihnn* Push 4St.
~~ MONEY TO.LOAS.
A A A— HERMAN MURPHY.
«n-eO2-CO.". Examiner bulldln*.
Quick settlements; no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates r-cond mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests assignments of rents, prftperty In trust.
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confldentiaL
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry. iS
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 9*»l
Market st. ; tel. Main 1M4. Branch. 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security: easy payments; largest business in
46 principal cltlea. Tolman. S53 Parrott bldg.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Orant st»..
LOANS FROM $1 TO SIO.COO. .
AT cut. rates on real estate furniture or piano;
no commission E W. LICK. 1003 Mutual
Sav. Bk. bid.. 70S Market; phone Main *>!«.
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY — Leans to salaried
people on their note.
THE TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelan Bldg.
MONEY to loan on low Interest: gold, silver,
diamonds pearls and precious stones bought
at W J.' HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth St.
MONET leaned to salaried employes. O. *V.
'MILLER, room 74. fifth floor. Chronicle bldg.
Z% ON furniture & pianos: $13 up: no removal;
V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy st.. Hoor 4.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. S3* Kearny.
STAR Loan Co of Wyoming loans money t«
salaried employes. R.3I1. Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH loaned salaried people en notes withou*
indor.-«r. MOP.KELL. «0» Examiner bid*.
MUSICAL IXSTRl'MEITS.
A— YOU will not have to pay for special sal*
advertising on these bargains. Uprights :
«,Vllard J«7; Sherman & Hyde, JUT; Kllshor.
$95- Singer, almost new. $1«J; 2 Stelnwayn.
good condition. larsr« und small size. $l«T>.
$3-^5: fhtckering. »Jw. $159: :: Heine, second-
hand, $i:>0. sllshtly used. «237. $003. t IIein«»
baby graml. $7-3; Krell, slightly used, darts
mahogany. $2>3- >"e w bargains: Mason &
Hamlin upright. $28S; Behr Bros., mahogany.
$'J47- Conover. $'^«5. Piano players sllKhtiy
used fiom *0O up. Pianos rented. 1'2 up.
apply rn purchase. Installments. $4 up.
Cash discount if paid In two years. HEIND
PIANO CO.. ZiZ-Zi~ i>ary st.: larswt ex-
clusive piano houye of the West: agents for
the Gabler. Krell. Steger. Heine. Singer, etc.
\ SMALL walrut Emerson upright, absolutely
like new. $135. Tl~ Geary st.
STEINWAY upright, left by private party.
i $i(o; a great bargain. 2S7 Ceary st.
I YOU do not take any chances when buying
from us. Our method.* ar» well known. to t.*
op«n and above board. "Big bargains, not
big a<i»." is our rule. AH guods guaranteed
as represented or no tale. Call and see lar~j
assortment of new and used Instruments
THE 7.ENO MAUVAI3 MUSIC CO.. 7£) Marl
k*t st.__
BAND Instruments; F. Eeason. Paris. mak»rl
Gim Maiwald, Agt. Pac. Coast. :n,3 O'Farrell-
skillful repalrins; 2d-hand .Instrument* aold.
PA ROAIN— Standard make upright; good "con-
dltton. SCHMITZ & CO.. 14 McAUUtw M.
"We have all been regaled with the unlikely tale
Of the tree and the ax and the lad,
And were told It so oft that at times we would rail,
For we knew there waa ne'er such a dad.
But this isn't young George, and the 6ketch Is to enow
That a small ax may fell a great tree.
And so also a small ad — when It's placed right, you know —
Draws attention surprising to see.
In The Call's the right place, you'll hear every one say
Who has ever availed of Its aid,
For the answers are had In a wonderful way,
You'll find lots of good jobs at your trade.Kate F. Keys (widow) to Anna McNeiU (sin
gle), lot on N line of Haste street. 300 E or
Dana, E SO by N 130, portions subdivision R. &
S., map of subdivisions G, H, S, T and U of
lot 6 in block 6, College Homestead, etc. 1 , Berke
ley; $10. .
Isaac L. and Ella J. Saxton (wife) to George
W. and Theresa J. Niles (wife), lot beginning
on SE corner of Twenty-fifth avenue at SW cor
ner of lot 5, thence SB 100.07, SW 33.33, NW
99.10, NE 33.38, lot 6. block F, Latham Ter
race, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Mary A. Kinsell (widow) to Klutaro Klmura
and Kuzo Sato, blocks L and M, Kinsell tract.
Elmhurst, Brooklyn Township; grant.
M L. Wicks (single) to Caroline Boles, lots
18 and 19. block A. rcaubdlvision of map of
HalKht tract, etc. (deed made to correct error
in 025 D. 16), Alameda; $50.
Same to Roy J. Young, lot on NW corner
of Parker street and Benevenue avenue. N
50.45 by W 00, portion lot 10 block B, same,
Berkeley; $10.
II. and C. A. McCann (wife) to W. Oliver
Scott (single), all Interest In lot 19, block B,
Leonard tract, Berkeley; $5.
W. Oliver Scott to Bertha Krlske-Wel9shand,
all Interest In same, Berkeley; $4.
1 James Gamble (single) to R, A. Berry, lot
NE corner of Parker and Grant streets, E 150
by N 129:4; also lot on SE corner of Parker
and Grant street, E 140 by S 259:4; alao lot on
SW corner of Parker and Grant streets, S 259:4
by W 150. being lots 19 to 21, block F. lots 1
to 3, 1!> to 21, block G, lota 3 to 8. block C,
Crystal Springs tract. Berkeley; $10.
Maggie Renaud or Renard (widow) to Stand
ard Realty and Development Company, lot on
N line of West Third street. 00 XV of Myrtle.
TV 25 by N 94. block 481. map Hardy's Addi
tion to Adeline and Market Street Homestead,
Oakland; $10. *
Oakland Realty and Investment Company to
same, lot on N corner of East Eleventh street
and Thirteenth avenue, NW 75 by NE tO!S,
block 38. Clinton. East Oakland;- also lot on
TE line of East Eleventh street. 75 NW of Thir
teenth avenue. NW 75 by NE 150. block 3S.
same. East Oakland; also lot on S line of
Third street, 70 E of -Jackson, E 52:6 by S
100. lot 9 and portions 6, 7, 8 and 10, block
13. Kellersberger'8 map. Oakland; $10.
Mary E. Dealing (single) to Joseph Foster,
lot on E line of Lewis street. 18S S of West
Fifteenth. S 25 by E 125. lot 18. block G, Bay
View Homestead." Oakland; $10.
Edward and Roblna M. Booth (wife) to E1I
eha L. Morgan, lot on W line of ' Benvenuo
avenue. 56.45 N of Parker street, N . 55 by W
U0. map blocks A to D of map No. 2, Hlllegasa
Tract. Berkeley; $10. ._
Edson F.. John C. and Julia P. A. Prather
(by Thomas Prather. attorney) to Felton Tay
lor, lot beginning at point on W line of pro
posed extension of . Leo street, said point be
ing most N corner of land formerly conveyed
to William E. and Mary E. Palmer. 807 D.
247, thence along said W line proposed exten
sion Lee^street on curve' to left radius of 500
feet, chord bears NU* distant 60 feet, thence
SW 150.40 thence on curve to right radius
of 350. chord bears SE distant -61.02 to W
corner eald Palmer's lot,' thence NE 150 to
beginning, portion plat 21. V. and D. Peralta
Rancho, deed and agreement, Oakland; $10.
Caleb B. and Ann Brldgman (wife) to Stand
ard Realty and Development Company, lot on
N line of "West Third street, 75 W of Filbert,
W 25 by N 1(4, block 480, map of Adelinu
and Market-street Homestead, Oakland; $10.
Emma Allardt (widow) to .William F. Kroll,
lot on E line of Chestnut street, 139:734 8 of
Fourteenth, S «6, E 11*2, N 31,' W 2, X 35, \V
110, block 672, Boardman's map, Oakland; |10.
Charlotte E. Osborne (single) to "VVnH. Hen
dricks, lot on S line of Thirty-sixth street, 353:0
E of Market, E 37:6 by S 120:3, block M, prop
erty of Central Land Company, etc., Oakland;
$10.
Trlbun* Publishing Company (a corporation)
to Maggie Price (widow), lot on E line of Colby
avenue, 239.42 from its Intersection with W
Claremont avenue, thence 41.32 along said E
line of Colby avenue, E 100.27, S\V 43.87. W
85.51, lot 27,. block A, Claremont-avenuo Tract,
Oakland; $10.
Michael Dowd. Charles T. Spader (adminis
trator estate of Annie McAdams, deceased) and
H. McAdams, Michael Dowd Jr. et ala (by
Clarence Crowell, commissioner) to John Da
vidson, lots 14 to 16, block C. Knowles and
Potter subdivision of Kennedy Tract, East Oak
land; $703. *
Michael Dowd Jr. (by Ed Weidler. Constable)
to same, some deed given to correct date in
acknowledgment, 898 D. 132, East Oakland;
$00.
Sara E. and W. K. Slack (husband) to Cora
J. and Adrianna M. Hill, lot on N line of Rose
street, tttt W of Walnut. W 4(i:tf, N 120, E 46:4,
S 120, portion of lot 9, block 21, map of prop
erty of Berkeley Villa Association, portion of N
l-j of plats 84 and 85. Berkeley; $10.
Glennie Davies (single) to Beatrice Wllmans
(widow), lot on S line of Haate street. 150 E
of Bowditch, E 25 by S 120, portion of lot 2,
block. 8, property of College Homestead Asso
ciation, Berkeley; $10.
Charles E. and Emma M. Batdorf to Gustave
F. \V. Schultze. lot on S line of Channlng way,
200 W of Milvla. W 50 by S 135. lot 11. block
r>, reap of blocks 5 and 0, Barker Tract, Berke
ley; $10.
J. Westoa Russell and Jessie G. Munsell
(widow) to J. Jerome Russell, lot on "\V line
of Webster street, 87 N of Locust. N 43:<j by
AV 150. being S ft of lot 8, block 13, Pacific
Homestead Tract. Oakland; $10.
Alameda County.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, , SEPTEMBER 10, 1903.
13
! ?J^^.-IL STATE ~~ C:ITY — ' rotl SA J j J ? >
G. II. PMBSEN it. CO.. 10 MooUumrry St.
AUCTION
AUCTION
A DCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
] Of investment, resldrnce and unimproved prop-
erties will be held at our ea:esriH»m, Monday.
[ September 14. IS»C3. at 12 o'i-li)Jk nc-cn.
MAIUJJ TABOK ESTATE.
Executor's Sale.
The following three properties must be sold
j to cios- above estate. Subject to court con-
I ftrniatlon:
No. 1.
-17 VaJ>1r» 5t.. bet. Hattery and Sannome;
frame lmrrovements consist of 6 tenements;
rents J45 i>..»r month; lot 25xS0.
No. 2.
tC-50 IUusch st.. l*t. Howard and Folsom;
riiliroiemtats consist cf u front llats and 2
..r Hats; rents $72 per month; lot 25x112. •
No. 3.
;::M-0 Shipley pt.. north line bet. nth and
1 Ctii; Improvements conalst of 4 tenements;
rents ?.'{'.» per month- lot 25x75
MAItUAHKT U. 1IKNUY ' ESTATE.
Executor's Sale.
24C4 Mission et., west line, b*t. 20th and
1 21ft; 2-atory ba.y-wln<lo\v residence of 8 rooms
, and bath: lot 21x00. Splendid holding to re-
model, b'ubject to confirmation by court.
CHOICE BUSINESS P11OPLHTI.
Greenwich st.. north line, bet- Llaker and
Lyon; :< desirable lots in sood business block;
2;:llsl.i7:« each
HAYKS ST. BUSINESS PHOPEKTY.
oSl-u-5 Hayes at. and 482- J Linden ave.; 3-
Btor>' and basement bulIJinc consists cJ store.
wiLh 4 rooms and bath. !arj?e l!g:ht basement, 2
medora flats above of C rooms and bath each
and 3 flats of 3-5 rooms tich en Linden ave.;
rents $153 per month. All in r.jod order.
Hank mortgage of $12,UOO at 0 per cent can
remain.
LARGE FACTORY SITE.
415 Fulton st.. south line, bet. Ooujh and
Octavia; choice lar^e holdlnx, with frame
buildings, splendidly adapted for factory pur-
poses; »5:9xSo«;:3. rrith L 27:Cx6S:0 to Grove
et. ; two frontages.
REFEREE'S SALE.
NW. cor. Exjches and Duncan sts.; lot
80x114. Subject to confirmation by Superior
t^ourt.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
11-13 Lexington ave.. .east l!n>\ bt>t. Valencia
Bnd Mission. 17th and lMh Fts. ; 2 flats. 4-5
rooms each; rents $.'!0 per month: lot IXixSO.
CHOICE WESTERN ADDITION I^OTS.
Jackson ft., bet. Cherry st. and First av». ;
5 choice lots, level and ready for building;
27xli^ each.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
721 Brannan et.. bet. «>th and 7th; improve-
ments consist of store and 3 flats. 6-3 rooms
each- rents $41 per month; lot 25x100.
CLARA ST. INVESTMENT.
142-H Clara St.. north line. bet. 4th and 5th;
3 tenements of 4 rooms each; rents $25 per
mor.th; lot 2.1x>»0.
For catalogue and further particulars apply
to d. H. UMB8EX «: CO..
20 Montgomery et.
$1400 — Modern ccttasre; 5 rooms and bath; city
water; lot r.OxlOO; ?!M) cash. $25 monthly.
$1500 — 5-room ctiUago; redwood finish; electri©
lights; hot and cold water; easy payments.
$1000 — Lot frftir138 on main avenue; 120 month.
f20O0 — 2-Ptory house; Ftore and 11 rooms; city
water and well; broad street; macadam-
ized. X34.
J2C00 — Half block by the Santa Fe; $50 month.
$1500— Lot for factory site, 221x125. 172.
$2000 — House, 4 rooms, attic and high base-
ment; lot 100x130; street macadamized.
A 74.
J10O0 — Corner 9KxlOO on railroad. $15 month.
$1200 — House, 5 room?; barn; well; macadam.
A50.
$4C0 — Cabin, 1 room; lot 32x125; near station.
CHAS. A. UAILEY. 1050 University ave.,
ri'-ar Pan Pablo ave., Berkeley.
D. COFFIN & CO.. pioneer real estate agents
of the Mission, will sell you for $100 down
and $20 per month for cottage. 5 r. and b.,
at 2f,th and Castro ets. ; $r>00 down and *25
per month for new cottage, 5 r. and b.. on
Precita ave.; $1500 down for 2 new flats,
Army st. D. COFFIN & CO., 3303 Mission.
A BARGAIN— $4250; CORNER LOT. 2
FLATS: LOT 25x114; l«?t CLIPPER ST.
SEE OWNER OX PREMISES.
HOUSE fcr sale; near Lick School, Utah St.,
near Marlpo«a; new 3-flat .fcanise with 10
rooms and baths; fine, biu bay-Windows; a
little alteration in lower flat will make 3
more rooms: rent will bring $50 per month.
See owner on premises; $4750.
[ YOU can buy new cottate. 7 rooms, in course
of construction for cc?t of building; lot 29:Cx
125 thrown in; must be sold Inside 48 hours;
a snap; call early and bid. 2 Twenty-ninth
Ftreet.
NEAT cottage with modern' Improvements;
terms same as paying rent. Apply owner,
lumber yard. S.E. corner Alabama and Mont-
calm streets.
A TWO-PTORY house of C rooms and bath, gas
end water: modern Improvements; grand ma-
rine view; on Sutro Heights, near Cliff
House. Apply 410 Forty-fifth ave.
FOR sale — House S rms.; high ba«*ment; sunny
side 19th. bet. Valencia and Mission; no reae.
offer refused. Stephens & Co.. Un!on-sq. Mkt.
UI2AL ESTATE Country For Sale.
A DESIRABLE country home at Walnut Creek,
Cor.tra Costa County, California; five lots, .VO
xl40 each: house wjth 3 bedrooms, kitchen,
pantry, china closet, washrooms, bathroom,
etc.; hot and cold water In house; two wells,
windmill with 5000-sa!lon tank; chicken-
house. 5 varieties of grapes, 2, fig trees, 4
plume. 5 apples, 4 pears, 12 English walnuts
(bearing). 22 scftshell almonds, 50 English
walnuts to graft this year, large variety of
flowers ar.d nice lawn; barn holds 40 tons of
bay and C horses; price $4300.
W. J. MORTIMER & CO..
212.T Center st., Berkeley, Cal.
ALFALFA lano>. stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards: inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO., 04S
Market st.
POIIKT RICHMOND HKAL ESTATES.
"%\TER frent lot! and bargains: all tracts;
Tnap*. phntoK. etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bldg.
HEAL. EST.ffE TO I:\CI1A.\GE.
OWNER of choice Berkeley real estate would
like to exchange for fome in thla city. Ad-
dress box 41 W. Call fiffle*.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
JUST WHAT YOU AR"E LOOKING FOR.
A PRETTY HOME IN ALAMEDA.
Surrounded by flowers and fruit trees; near
train and schools; only $2S50; lot 75x125.
Nice 5-room cottage and bath.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
Tel. Grand Hlfl. 1500 Park St.. Alameda.
.OAKLAND: ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 isiBOADWAY.
OAKLAND HEAL ESTATES.
$200 CASH— Monthly payment as • low rent;
cottage, 4 rooms and bath, pantry, closets;
front and back veranda; rustic; barn; good
well of water; chicken run and shed; Al
soil; away from fogs and raw winds; close
to cars; Town Hall, school and church: nice
garden and flowers; cozy home; 2 lots. 64x
100; all fenced In; in a fast growing settle-
ment, adjoining East Oakland; price all told
?H50. Call or send for circular, 455 Seventh
St., cpp. Broadway station. Oakland; car-
riage free. H. Z. JONES, land owner.
OAKLAXD ROOMS »TO LET.
SUNNY rooms with gas and bath; reasonable-
board if desired; also elegant suite of parlors
furnished or unfurnished, suitable lor doctor
cr dentist; crr.tral. S71 Adeline St., Oakland.
£^J^3t^ u -~i' < ii n ,?i21E nE Kou sale.
TOMORROW the day for bargains In furnl-
fare. H. K;hi?;ihaas, 11th st..cor.8tore,Oaklnd.
JTYTEWKITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAlN^tN^TYpiE^KrrlERS^We
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 266.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; Ret par-
ticulars. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired
y.»,st<T Typewritpr Inspec. Co.. 209 Sannome.
mviU g %D NOTICES. ~
AMERICAN Can Company.— At a meeting of
the Board of Directors of the American Can
Company, held September 1, 1&03. a dividend
of two and one-half per cent wai declared
upen the preferred stock, payable un Septem-
ber 30 to stockholders of record at the closa
of business September 15. The transfer
books will be closed as to the preferred stock
frcm September 1C to September 30 ! both
<!sys inclusive. Checks will be mailed
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY. R. h7 IS-
MON. Secretary. V °
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Clant Powder Com-
par.v. Con A dividend. No. 57 of fifty
cents (50c) per share on the issued capital
stock of the company has been declared, pay-
" eb!t at the offlce of the company "rooms
202. 204. 206 Hayward building San Fran-
citco. on. September 10. 1B03. Transfer books
dose Sept. 3 at aoon. C. C. Quinn. Secretary
A ine U^,"h riCht J >ar * ta:r " from * 7a "». comprls. j
W«. < rr!,? akl £ a ? cw <*-rin B . Jacobson.
¦ \\ «¦ 1 ""- Kral «\ KiKoher. Schwohton ¦
!>l.^J Cl.I-.TAZ *: SOX Hi O'Furroll st • r.o !
tranches in_g^n_rranclsco ' j
i
"'H^ m \VhM?^. I)ianos and furnitunTdlrt j
cheap. \\hUrh^g^torag P^.. K Market el. !
iiXAl'TIFtL 3 -P<~d.-l.t?te!nv. V ay~iJpriKht~r'lino'- '
t^Lf^^ASSSL^* factory and F av.« B9 jx-r i
HOKNiryG._2lQ^McAll1»t P r «. .
SCOTT-CDBTAZ PIANO CO.. r.O I£«y« st.
?2^25 ¦ ta "55 1 !«W?35C rtd and sew. -B. '
VMXEK. maker, r.-^a'.ror. -J Latham piacp. ]
»2^^a^»> «m« a xs.
i'AHT oJ our list o: barcaina in tecoad-haud
-, a...t for fiepteirhe:-. •< ¦
Or'jlml
J MAJESTIC- 1>rlC *- N ° W -
Walnut case, rnelium tlzo, T 1-3
octaves, three i>»?<Ja!s. full nrln»tof
it-.uHc rack, latett design, rood ccn-
?1Sehs6n S H v* 250 522S
Two In viainut t«--« and crt In
«ek. small rlze, carvel pane's.
three pe^ig, i_j octaves, f.ne coc-
oitioa. each STB 225
3 FISCHER—
Mahogany ccs<\ larjre tire, 7 1-3
- octaves. fin« condition, thorcurhly
renovated, cai.not b« told trjm a
::ew plftno 3T5 223
>riciimoxd-
Mahognny pisp, larrre sire. lat«'«t
Ftylr, thrte pedals, 7 1-3 octaves,
raandolln atinchaient, alracst new., 300 240
1 C A. STONK & CO.-
Walnut cafe, medium Eire, full
FwlnginK niutic rack, thoroughly
renovaied and equal to n«w 350 2S0
1 EfTEY-
Ueltut case, n;*<Jiuni size, 7 1-3
oct*.v*s. in good condition 400 230
: I5RUENN—
|^ Walnut case, cabinet srand. 7 1-3
octav*«, thoroughly renovated and
«ji:al to new 450 260
Complete list furnished on application at
. ur fiore. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
¦Corner Kearry and Fatter fts.
PERSONALS.
A— FACIAL BLEUXSSE8 REMOVED.
Wrinkles, yellow and f-abby ekln. birthmark?.
amsUlpos: rlttinp? and tear* scientifically re-
mored without cutting, maw-ag", electricity or
medicine*; Fptcial demonstrations this week.
Call or write Dr. L. WILLIAMS. 371 G*>ary.
El'ECIAL— Reduced Jor the month only, bom's"
treatment that you ran u?e at your own
home, reiaovirc wrir.k!<*«. tan. freckles. leav-
ing skin ciear and tnooth; to be had only at
my office. Can or write M. ELLA BABBIS.
7S1 OTarrcll et.
TJIE Star Hair Remedy reftor*>« pray hair, im-
proves Its gr wth.s-.cps falling, cures "landm*
and Hchintr iscalp; no etain or stickiness;
cleanses ecalp: at druifg-istB'. hatrdrt-xsers' ;ac.
<-<Tt no yulmtltute. Ptar UeroedyCo-.S^Geary.
":¦• "V\"hcm It May flllim H "Tfl wife. LIZ7.1H
REHQL'ATE. havir.gr left my t*d and board.
I will r.nt be responsible *cr any bills con-
tracted by her after this date. September 7,
I»03. \V. REHQL'ATE.
VF ALF-RED AITCHESCN TRACET~wIll com-
muniiate with the undersigned he will learn
prrne*'r.p to his advantage. R. C AT-
H. O t box I'-' ¦". Ran Francisco, Cal.
NOT hew cheap, but how good 1? the motto of
the manufacturers of the Rarld Rotary
Standard, the beulnc-niachine of to-day. J.
IV. EVANS, ttr.r.t. 1021 Market Bt.
PHYSICIAN. 15 years' exo-rience. cures per-
manently morihine. cocaine habit. Ca.ll or
address Central Pharmacy, 201 Grant av€.,
coner gutter fct. , f<=e moderate.
WANTED — Ry a single lady as companion la
Ftnall town, a elrl between T end \ti years;
p<<'">d heme. Echool. etc Adiress box 1729.
Call offlce. j
11A1 carpets wove to order and for eale; also I
checille-wcve rugs, silk portiere?; dealer' In j
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest I
rate*-. Gf-o. Matthews. 7C<» Fifth Et.. OaJi.lar.d^
HAIRDBESSINO In cil tranches taught: 55 for j
" weekf. Up-to-Date HairdreE^ing Parlors,
'.026 Market Ft., nom 1. upstair)".
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday and
Fur.day evenings at Toutonia Hall. Howard
Ft., near Ninth: management Prof. Foster.
AT >5K than ct^t, uncalled for suits. "overcoats
and trjusers. at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor, 72J Market et.
THE bltfMSt price paid for ladies' or gente'
Cast-off clothing ar.d all articles of value at
\V E INnEUCi'S. 11U EIIIj et.
1-L.EOANT cults on t-apy installments: 50 cents I
and ui> i*er week. LEON LE11OS, 11^7 1
Market St., between Seventh and Eighth. ;
ALL i-tyle? !:airarese;r.g 2.">c; hair poods; ma.nl- |
curintr. 25c. G. LKDERER. 123 Stockton at. ;
TATXOBOf AX>E tuit $7 50; dress pants $2 &O. .
Misfit Clothing I'arlor. cor. Hush and Dupont. j
f-UPEUFLUoUs har and moles removed by
ejectr c needle. Dr.A;Mr8.Trav< rse.lliX Market
MASQUERADE co£tum*-s. play books, wigs,
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt
/•.LFEEDCM'S Eryptlan lier.r.a restores gray
heir to its natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
£upcrduoup hair and moles removed wjth elec-
trir n?edle Mr*. Ar Mi»f Eaton, lilt* Suttrr.
PALdlSTRY.
MME. DEVAS— Scientific palmist and astrolo- j
Kist. Palm readings $1. Hours 10 to 12 and \
1 to 5. and Tuesday evenincs. 139 Post st •
H. JEROME FOSELLI. BCientiflc palmist. 515 ;
Taylor gt.. near Qeary. Phone Black 561.
= !
I'Al'r.ltHANGIXC. I'AINTIXU. ETC. j
liOOMS papered. $3 50 up; tinting, painting, j
Uwtsasn PiiEt Co.. SI!* 3d et.;tel. Main 413. j
FIIOIO^ALS.
PltOPOSALS for clothing and «qulpag-e. Depot
quart*. rmaeter's olflce, 'M New Montgomery
«jL. San Francisco, i^alifcmla, September 7.
lt»03. — Sealed proposals in triplicate will be
received at this offlce until 10 a. m., Mon-
day, September 2S. 15»O3, Pacific . Standard
time, and then opened for furnishing at
either the Philadelphia IJoFton, Chicago or
San Francisco depots, of 100.000 pairs woolen
stockings, seamless, heavy quality, conform-
it.g in all respects to standards and fpecifica-
tkr.s to be Been at this of lice. Bidders sub-
mitting proposals for etockircs differing In
make from the established standard sample, I
must submit with their bids a sample etocking :
euch as they propose to furnish. Quantities
to be subject to an increase of 20 per cent.
it desired by the department. 131<3s for the
fame articles will be opened eame time at
the other depots above mentioned.
To avoid misunderstanding as to the exact
nature of the articlep to be furnished, bidders
t^ll carefully examine the standard eamples
and cpeciflcatione, so that proposals may be'
Fubmitted by them with a full knowledge cf
what will be required, as an absolute com-
pliance with the standards and fpecifieatlons
will be insisted upon :n the Inspection of the
Kcods. Unguaranteed bids, and bids for de-
livery or Inspection at ether points than those
r.amed above will not be conMder^d. Early
deliveries are essential. Bidders must etate
in their proposals the rate and time of de-
livery, should contract be awardel to them.
Preference will be tjU-t-n to articles of 60-
me»tic production and manufacture, cordl-
. tions cf price and quality being equal (in-
cluding In the price of foreign production
end manufacture the duty thereon), and such
preference will be eiven to articles of Ameri-
can production and manufacture produced
on the Pacific Coast to the extent cf the con-
sumption required by the public service there
The. United States reserves the rlpht to ae-I
cept or rcjf-ct 'any or all proposals or .-»-,,'
Pfcrt thereof. Information and Jj'.ar.ks, j o r
proposals will be furnlsV!?.! in a;.)j>:ieatlon
Envelopes containing rr r i- .^ais will be in-
dorsed "Proposal* .fir. f.HOK." and addressed
to Major C. A. Perot Quartermaster. U. S.
Army. PT"-'- Quartermaster.
I'TIOPOSALS— Eids Wanted— Notice Is here-
by given thit scaled proposals will be re-
ceived by the bcar'I of directors cf the Vet-
crans* Home of California, at its offlce. room
13 220 fiacsome street. San Francisco, up '
to 12 o'clock m. on MONDAY. September 14. I
J003 for furnlshir-g ar.d delivering- materiala •
end 'furnishlnRB for the new hospital at thti
Veterans* Home. Xapa County. Cal. (rail-
road station Youctvllle). Specifications for
above may be seen and examined at the of-
flce cf the board of directors between the
hours of i) a. m. and 5 p. m. each week day.
Money fcr payment on contracts will b«
available Immediately after January 1. 1904.
Preference will be given to goods manufac-
tured In ll.ls State, price, fitness and qual-
ity being rqual. under the provisions of sec-
tion of the Political Code. The board
re/erve* the right' t» r< ject any or all bids,
and to ordf-r any quantity over or under the
amount specified. Address JOHN F. EHEE-
HAN. Secretary of the Hoard of Director*
of- the Veterans' Home cf California, room
]3 220 Sarison.e Ftreet. San Francisco." Cal.
By order of the board of . directors. JOHN
jr. EHEEHA.V. Secretary. .
fcAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. Aug. 23, 1D03.—
Seal*-* iTopoF_ala. In triplicate, will be re-
ceived here until 11 o'clock a. m. Kept. 14.
lftQ3, and then opened for construction of a
frame guardhouse at General Hospital, Kre-
uiclo of San Francisco, Cal.; Government re-
eerves right to reject or accept any ' r ali
bids in whsle or in part. Information fur-
citbed on application to C. A. UEVOU
Quartermaster, Cbief Q. M. -¦'¦-'$ *
BAILWAY TBAVET1
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains lea*e mul are duo to »rri v» »*
SAN FKANC13CO. f
(Main Lino. Foot of Market Street )
U4T« — FK(»M~S1PT«MBI» 2. 1903. — AIB1TB
7.00a Benlcla. SuUua, Eliaira and 3acr»-
maoto 7-25*
7. DO* VaesTille, Winter*. Iinm»«y 7.25*
7.30a Mftrtlne*. ?-»n Rmnon. Vallejo.
N»pa, Callstofra, rinntu Kosa 8 25r
7.30a Nile*. Llvermore, Latbrop. Stock-
ton 7.25*
8.00a DaTl».\Voi)il!»nit. Kn!i:it» Landing.
MaryiTllle. OroYille, (connect*
at MitrysTllle for Grtdley, Biggs
•ndChluo) .I- 55 *
8 00a Atlantic Express — Ogden nnd Ease. 10.25a
8.00a Port Co«tm, Martlnes. Antlocb. By-
ron,Tr»cy.Sto<-ktnn,8«cT»nieiita,
Los Banos. Mendota. Hantord,
VlMlta, PnrterTllie «.. 4.23*
8 CO a Port Costa. Martinez. Tracy. Lath-
rop, Modesto. Merced. Fresno.
Goshen Junction. Hanford, VI-
•alia. Iiakenaeld .... 5-23*
8.30a Shasta Expre«»— Darts. Williams
(for Bartlett Springs). Wlllowa,
tFrnto, Kcd Bluff. Portland 7.55*
8.30a Nllcj. 8an Jo«e. Llv«rm<»re. Stm:k-
too. lone. SaemmentA.FlacerTllla,
MarysYllle. Cbteo. Red UliiiT 425r
8J0a Oakdale. Chlaese. Jamestown. So-
norm. Taolomne and Angel* 4 25f
900a Martlne* and War 3tatlon» 8-55v
1000* Vallejo- 12 25r
10.00a El Puo Passenger. E.ntjouad.—
Port Costa. Martinez. Byron,
Trscy, Lalbrop, Stockton,
Merced. Unymoii I. Fresno, Haa-
ford. VUalla, Ttakertfleld. Los
Angele* and El Paso. (West-
bound arrives via Coast Line)... *1.30>
1000a The Overland Limited — Ogden. -
Denver, Omaha. Chicago 8 zSi*
1200* nayward, Nile* and TV»y Stations. 3-2Sp
U.OOf Sacramento Hirer Steamers tiVOOr
3-30* Denlcla, Winter*. Sacramento.
Woodland, Williams, Colusa.Wll-
lows, Knight* Landing. Mary*-
Tllle. Orovllle and way station*.. 10 55 a
3.30r H*Tward.Nllrs»nd Way Station*.. 755i»
4 COr Martlnez.Sau IUtuon. Vullejo, N'spa,
Callstoga. Saata Iio»a 9 25*
4-OOf Martinez, Tracy.Lathrop.Stocktoa. 1025a
4 OOr Nllet, LlTermore. Stockton. Lod!.. 4 25r
4 30p lUy w»r<1. Xllcs. Irrlagton, Sao ! tS.55»
Jose, Llvermore f {11.55a
6 80* The Owl Limited— Fresno, Tnlare.
Bakerstteld, Lo* Angele* « 35a
6 COr Port Costa. Tracy. Stockton, Lo*
Bano* 1z.2Sf
15 30p Hayward. Nlte* and Saa Jo«« 7.25*
fi.OOr Uayward. Nile* and San Jote 10 25a
6.Q0r Oriental Mall — Opden. Dearer,
Omaha, Bt. Louis. Chicago and
East. Port Cotta, Dealcia, Sul-
tan, Elmtra, Davit, Sacramento,
Roeklln. Aubtyn, Colfax,
Trackte. Boca, llano, 'Wads-
worth, Wlnnemucca, Battle
Mountain. Elko 4 23?
b.. Reno, Truck? t , Sacramento. Davit.
Suttun, Benlcla. Port CotU 7-55a
6. OOr Vallejo, dally, except Banday.... i 7 ee-
7-OOr Vallejo, Sunday only I *•"•'
7-COp San Pablo, Port Cost*, Martinex
and Way Statlona 11- 25*
8-05* Oregon * California Express — Sac-
ramento, Marysvllle, Bedding,
Portland, Puget dour d and Eatt. 1-55 a
fl.iOr Hayward, Nile* and S*n Jote (Sun-
day only) 11.85*
11.25* Port Cotta. Tracy. Latnrop. Mo-
desto, liereed. Bayinond (to To-
Semite), Fretno, llA-nfurd, VI-
salla. Bakersfleld 12-2&P
COAST LINE (Sarrow Usage).
(Foot of Miirltet Street.)
745a Santa Crux Sxcurslon f3nn4»*
only) iVIQ»
8.15* Newark. Centervllle. San Jote.
Felton, Bonlaer Creek. Santa
Crnz and Way Stations 8 25*
t2.15r Hewark. Centervllle. San Joso.
New Almaden. Loa Gatot,FelU>n,
Boulder Creek, Santa Crux and
Principal Way Station* 10.53*.
4.15* Newark. San Jote. Loa Oatoa and
way station* (on Satordajr and
Banday nm through to Santa
Cruz; Monday only from Santa
Crui). Connect* at Felton to
and from Boulder Creek tft-Sga,
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN fcUANClSL'O, toutuf Market St. <Sl!p*>
—r>:tt 9:00 11:0Oa.x. 100 3 CO S.iSr.M.
From OAKLAND, Foot of Itroadway — t«:OU »:»
13:05 1U:00a.M. 12 00 200 400 *.M.
COAST LINE <»roa<t Uaua-B).
tW~ Cl'htrd and fovrnsfnd Street*.)
610* San Jote and Way Stations 8 30*
t7X0A San Jose and Wny Station* 6 33*
7.15* Monterey and Santa Crnz Excur-
sion (Saoday only) 8-30*
800* New Almaden (Tees.. Frld., only). 4.10*
8 00* CoastLlne Limited— Stop* only San
Jote, Gllruy (connection for Bot-
llster), Pajaro. CMtrovllle. Sa-
linas. San Ardo, Paso liobles,
Santa Margar! ta. San Luis Oblspo,
Guadalupe, Surf (connection for
Lompoc). Santa Barbara, Saugns
and Loa Angelet. Connection at
Castruvtile to and from -Monterey
and Pacific Grove 10.43V
9.00a Ban Jote. Tres Plnos. Capftola,
SantaCrttx,PactacGroTe.Sallnas,
San Lnls Oblspo and Principal
Intermediate Stations 4-10*
TO.SOa San Jose and Way 8tatlont 1.20*
11.00* Cemetery Passenger — South Saa
FrancUco. S an Bruno 1 .05*
1130a Santa Clara, San Jose, Lo* Gatos
and W*!y Station* 7.30*
*1-30* San Jose and War Stations X7.00*
2.C0* San Jose and Way Stations {3 .43*.
2.30r Cemetery Passeneer— South San
Francisco. San Bruno 4.35*
t3.00F Del ilonte Express— Santa, Clara.
Ban Jots. Del Monte, Monterey,
Pacific Orove (connects at S.tnta
Clara for Santa Crnz, Boulder *
Creek and Narrow Gauge Points) f12.15J»
3-307 Pacific Grove and Way Stations—
Hurllonme.San Matro, Redwood.
Menlo Park. Palo Alto. MayDeld.
Mountain View. Lawrence. Santa
Clara. San Joae, (GUroy. Hollls-
ter, Trea Plaos). Pajaro, Watnon-
vllle. Capltola, Santa Crux, Cas-
trovllle. Salinas 10-45*.
4 30* 6an Jote and Way Stations 8-3«a
b COr San Jote. (via Santa Clara) Lo*
Gatot. Wright and Principal Way
S atlons (e-rcept Snnday) 9.00a
55 30r SanJoicandPrlnclpalWayStatlon* tS-OOA
tS-16* SanMateo.Berrsford.Belinont.San
Carlo*. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park. Palo Alto t945f
6.30* San Jose and Way Stations 8-3Sa
7-t>0r Sunset Limited. Eaatbonnd.— Saa
Luis Oblspo, Santa Barbara. Lo*
* Ang-ele*. Demln?. £1 Paso. New '
Orleans, Sew York. (Westbound
arrives via San Joaqnln Valley)... srfl.2S*>
8.00' Palo Alto and Way Stations 10.15-*,
11. 30r South San Francisco. MlUbrae.'
Burllntrame. San Mateo. B«l-
mont, San Carlo*. Redwood. «, .».
Fair Oaks. Menlo Park. Palo ¦ Vtjg*
Alto. Mayfleld. Mountain View, ?»•*•»
Sunnyvale, Lawrence. Santa
Clara and San Jose j
A for Morn In g. P for Afternoon.
X Saturday and Sunday only. t Sunday only.
5 Stop* at all stations on Sunday.
t Sunday excepted. « Saturday only.
« Via Coast Line. w Via San Joaqnln Valley.
? Reno train esstbound discontinued.
KVOnly trains stopping at Valencia St. iouthboun4
are6:iO*.s..tT:CW*.M..ll:POA.si..2:30r.ii.»nd«:a)r.» l
(p^^^Ssii^^^jTO SAN RAFAEL*
f^l^.EjSAN OUENTIN,
BhBESSmill valley,
CAZADERO, ETC.
.^SSSy^l^^l via Sausalito Ferry
WEEK~DATS-(Hollday8 «<*£«*>-£ :**•
t*T-45 8:45. 9:45. 11 a. m.. 12:20. 1:45. 3:13.
415. t5:15. *O:15. C.45. 9. 11:45 p. m.
7:45 a. m. train week day* does not run ta
M SUNDA C Y9 AND LEGAL. HOLIDAYS^.
tS t1> t»10. 11. +H:30 ». m.. fl2:30 t«l:JO.
2:35 »3:iS0, 5. 6. t:30. 9. 11:45 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
Those marked (t) to Fairfax, except R:15 p. tn.
Saturdays. . On Saturdays the 3:15 p. m. train
rU FROM?AN l RAFAEL, TO SAN FRANCISCO
Week days — 5:25. t*>:25. "»¦*<>. 8:15. t9:^>.
11:05 a. rn.. 12:30. 2:20. »:«. 4:50. 5:30, 6:45.
10-20 d. rn.
SUNDAYS— «:15. 7:35. tS:10. 9:40. J10:55.
tll-45 a m.. 12:50. 2:30. J3:25, 4:40. J5.5O.
8:55. 7:35. 10:20 p. m.
Traln 8 marked U) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILA. VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO— Week - days— 5:15. 6:40. 7:43. 8:25.
9:45.11:10 a. ra.. 12:40. 2:45, 4:15, 5:10, 7:05,
10:40 r- ni.
SUNDAYS — 6:35. 7:55. 10. 11:10 a. m.. 12:05.
1:05, 2:40, 3:45. 4:55. 6:05, 7:1O. 10:40 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m., week days — Cazadero and way
stations. .
5:15 p. m.. week days (Saturday* excepted)—
Tomalea and way stations.
8:15 p. m.. Saturdays — Caxadero and way
stations. i ". .
Sunday* and Letral Holidays — S a. m.. Caza.
dero and way station*.
Sundays and Legal Holidays— 10 a. ra., Point
Reyes and way stations.
,. TICKET OFFICE— €2« Market it.
FERRY— Foot of Market st.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave fk SiMtltfs »trry~| Arrtvtj
StaPrasu • *« tf larttt at Stm Frta.
Week Son- "BH— """ Son- tWaST
t>ay»- days /fSfWtrS! 1 ** days Dttys.
»-.4&a *:uOa fS?*£gSJ35« 1*'O«»1*:1Aa
l:49r »:OOa \SaS9£I3ff 13:50r3:30r
ftrlSr 1O:OOa raSctsCT 3:30p A:5Or
11:30a «•»»¦
. 3:S5rj 8:OOp
ttsttrtayt snly. l«av« Ttnra T 9iSOr,artnSJ. 11i»Qf
TICUT I ta» Majulst St_ (Norta Soora RailrcadU
OrnCB I and Sacsauto fexxy Foot Market Sc
The Weekly Call
SI Dei* Year*
OCEAN TRAVEL.
e Steamers leave San Fran-
cisco as follows:
For Ketchlkan, -Juneau,
Haines, Skagway. i etc.,
Alaska— 11 a, m., Sept. 13.
IS, 23. 28. {bet. 3. Change
to company"^ steamers at Se-
attle. /
For Victoria, Vancouver,
Port Townsend, Seattle, Ta-
eoma Everett, Whatcom — 11 a. m., Sept. 13,
IS. 23. 28. Oct. 3. Change at Seattle to this
company's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry. :
at Seattle for Taeoma to N. P. Ry. ; at - Van
couver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona, 1:30
p. m.. Sept. 13, 19, 25. Oct. 1; Corona, 1:30
p. m.. Sept. 10, 16, 22, 28, Oct. 4.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo), San Diego and Santa Barbara —
Santa Rosa, Sundays, 9 a. m.
State of California, Thursdays, 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey, San Simeon, Cayucos, Port Harford
(San Luis Oblspo), Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Sept. 14. 22. 30. Oct. 8.
Bonita, 9 a. m.. Sept. 10. 18, 26. Oct. 4.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., 7th of each
month. - ....
For further Information obtain folder.
Right is reserved to change 'steamers or sail-
ing dates.
TICKET OFFICES — 4 New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street and
Broadway wharf..-
Freight office. 10 Market street.
C D. DUNANN, General Passenger Agent,
10 Market street. San Francisco.
O. R. «& N. CO.
"Columbia" rails Sept. 10, 20. 30. Oct. 10, 20,
30. "George W. Elder" sails Sept. 15, 25,
Oct. 5, 15, 23, Only steamship line to PORT-
LAND, OR., and short rail line from Portland
to all ooints East. Through tickets to all
points, all rail or steamship and rail at LOW-
EST RATES. Steamer tickets Include berth
and meals. Steamer sails foot of Spear st. at
11 a. m. S. F. BOOTH, Gen. Agt. Pass. Dept.,
1 Montgomery St.; C. CLIFFORD, Gen. Agt.
Frt. Dept., 3 Montgomery st. •
TOYO RISEN KAISHA,
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP. CO.)
Steamers, will leave -wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m., for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hlogo). .
Nagasaki - and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc. No
cargo received on board on day of sailing.
S. S. HONGKONG MARU (calling at Ma- : .
nlla) Saturday, September 19 1903
S. S. NIPPON MARU..... .'..
Thursday, October 15 1003
S. S. AMERICA MARU.. ...I.
Tuesday, November 10, lf>03
Via Honolulu.' Round trip tickets at reduced
rates." For freight and passage, apply at Com-
pany's office. 421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
oceanics.s.co.
S. S. SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney, Thursday, Sept 17, 2 p. m.
S S. MARIPOSA, for Tahiti, Sept.,20, 11 a. m.
S S ALAMEDA. for Honolulu, Sept. 2(5^ 11 a.m.
Al* IPIECKEUft BB31.C8, lgb..TUM0!lha.B43 laiMa
Ir#tKflB*.I29 lajttSJJTwh.yitifclt
tember 9, 1U03. by the Rev. W. E. Dugan,
pastor of Second U. P. Church, San Fran-
• Cisco, Joel fe. Joeselyn of San Francisco and
Carrie E. Andrews of Santa Rosa.
Me ALPINE — VANDERBEEK— In this city,
Septumber 8, 1003, by the Rev. E. R. Dllle,
D.D., Bert McAIplne and Mamie J. Wilson
Vanderbeek, both of San FrancUco.^
PHILLIPS— SWAIN— In this city, September i
V», 1003, by the Rev. John Stephens, Eugene
J. Phillips and VIda A. Swain, both of San
Francisco.
ROGEltS — PORTER — In thin city, September
8, llMKJ, at the residence of the bride's
parents, by the Rev. E. R. Dllle, D.D., John
W, Ropers and Florence I. Porter, both of
Ban FrancUco. '. I ;_.
WALKER — PERRENOUD — In this city. Eep- !
tember 8. 1003. by the Rev. William- C Pond.
James M. Walker and Delia C. Perrenoud.
both of San Francisco. - =• • :
DIED.
Bennett, Laura S. McDermott. Jos. M.
Bergin. Annabella McGrath. Joaie
Bordman. Estella McMurray. Margaret
Buckir.an, Homer O. ' Mackenzie, Jas. S.
Coggln. Isaac C. Matthew*. Monroe
Cuneo, Joseph F. Neumiller, Bernlce
Dtlainey. Elizabeth Phllibert, Julia
Hlckok. William B. Power, .William J.
Jensen. Julius Rlch&rds, Clifford H.
Ktogh, Thomas J. S:hutter (Infant)
Llnkcgel, Margaret Chaw, Chester \V.
Llppert, Leonard^ Sturtevant, Chailotte
L,ong, James 'Weiss.. Johanna.
BENNETT— In this city. September 0, 1903,
Laura E., beloved wife of the- late Charles
C. Bennett, and mother of Charles R.* and
Gordon P. Bennett, a native, of Beverly.
/ Mass. .. ,'
BERGIN— In this city, September 9. 1903, An-
nabeila, beloved wife of Michael Bergin,
mother of John and Elizabeth Bergin, daugh-
ter of James and Elizabeth Allen, and sla-
ter of Mrs. N. Pedersen, Mrs. G. BeUel and
Theresa James, Joseph and John Allen, a
native of San Francisco, aged 29 years 6
months and 9 days.
BORDMAN — At Camp Meeker, September 0,
1903, K.-telia. beloved daughter of John H.
and Ellen Bordman, and sister of Mrs. O. C.
Zinns and Mrs. L. E. Ensign, a native of
San Francisco, aged 28 years.
ICTNotlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate
Undertaking Company, 2475 Mission street,
near Twenty-flrst. .
BUCKMAN— Near Colfax. September 7. 1003,
Homer O.. husband of Ora Runyon BucK-
man, son of Hllbert D. Duckman of Boston,
Mass.. brother of Mrs. W. H. Vhynoweth,
and nephew of J. H. Falrchlld of Oakland,
a native Of Vermont, aged 42 years and 30
days.
iryFunernl private at Sacramento, Sep-
tember 12, 1903.
COGGIN— In St. Helena, Cal.. September 8,
1003, Isaac C. beloved husband of Clara A.
Coggln, a native of New Hampshire, aged
• t»0 years and 6 months.
ETFrlends are invited to attend the fu-
neral services to-day (Thursday), at 2:30
o'clock, at the I. O. O. F. HaJl. corner
Seventh and Market streets, under the aus-
pices of San Francisco Lodge No, 3. In-
terment private.
CUNEO — In this city, September 7. 1903, Jo-
seph F., dearly beloved eon of Mary and the
' late Lulcl Cuneo. and beloved brother of
Paul atd Mamie Cuneo, Mrs. Delia Fessler
and the late Charles J. Cuneo, a native of
Jackson, Amador County, aged 30 years 4
months and IS days.
ir^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
September 10, 1003, at 10 o'clock, from his
late rea:dtnce, 1900 Powell street, thence to
Sts. Peter and Paul's Italian Church, where
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated
for the repose of hla soul, commencing at
10:30 o'clock, thence to Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
DELAINEY— In Oakland, September 7. 1900.
Elizabeth Delalney, beloved mother of Jerry
Sanderson, a native of ' Mobile, Ala. ""
E^"Frlends and acquaintances are raspect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
September 10, 1903, at 0 o'clock, from her
late residence, 765 Sixth street, thence to
the Church of the Immaculate- Conception,
where a solemn high mass will be celebrated
• for the repose of her soul at 9:30 . o'clock.
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
HICKOK— In' this city, September 8, 1903,
William B. Hlckok, beloved husband of the
late Sarah J. Hlckok, and father of Myron
B. and Lillian N. Hlckok and Mrs-. .J. S.
. Hanson, a native of New York, aged 7U
•years' 7 months and 5 days.
EyThe funeral will take place to-day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 373 Waller street. Interment private.
JENSEN— -In Napa County, September 1, 1903,
¦ Julius, beloved husband of Theodora- Jensen,
and father of Willie and the late Marguerite
Jensen, a native of Denmark, aged 50 years
and" 6 months. A member of Harbor Lodge
No. 253, I. O. O. F.
C7"Frien<is and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, at Alcatraz
Hall. Peralta and Seventh streets, Oakland.
Services under the auspices of Harbor Lodge
No. 253, I. O. O. F. Cremation at Oakland
Crematorium:
KEOGH — In this city, September 7, 1903.
Thomas J., beloved san of Mary and the' late
Michael Keogh, and brother of James R.
and Margaret B. Keogh, Mrs. M. T. Steph-
ens and Marie L. and the late John and
W. H. Keogh. a native of Toronto. Canada,
aged 44 years. • .
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 3454 Nineteenth street, thence to
Mission Dolores Church, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of.hla soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MEMBERS of San Francisco Lodge No. 3,
B. P. O. E., are hereby notified to attend
the funeral of our late brother, Thomas J.
Keogh, to-day (Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock,
from his late residence, 3454 Nineteenth
street, between Valencia and Mission. By
JAMES N. ODELL, Exalted Ruler.
LINKOGEL — In this city. September 7. 1903.
Margaret, beloved wife of August Linkogel,
a native of Liverpool, England, aged 42
years.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Thurs-
day, September 10, at 2 o'clock, from
the parlors of McFadaen, McBrearly ec
Green, 1171 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery.
LIPPERT — In this city, September 0, 1903,
Leonard, dearly beloved husband of Mary Llp-
pert, and beloved father of William, Leon-
ard. Otto and Fred Lippert, Mrs. L. Lach-
man, Mrs. C. ¦ Dalporto and Mrs. M. Kle-
iners, a native of Germany, aged 78 years.
CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, at his
late residence, P12 Greenwich street, between
Dupont and Stockton streets. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery, by carriage.
LONC3 — In t!ie City and County Hospital, Sep-
tember 9, 1903, James Long, a native of Ire-
land, aged 73 years.
McDERMOTT— In this city, September 9, 1003,
Joseph M., beloved son of Patrick and Kate
McDermott, brother of Nellie, Thomas, John,
Robert, and Eugene McDermott, and neph»w
of Thomas McDermott and Mary Lee, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 1 year 11 months
and 16 days.
McGRATH — In this city, September 9, 1903,
Josie, beloved daughter of Catharine and the
late John McGrath, and loving sister of
Agnes, John, James and the late Alice Mc-
Grath, a native of San Francisco, aged IS
years and 19 days.
(tyThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 0 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, Twenty-eighth street, thence to
St. Paul's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
H>ul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Inter-
ment private, Holy Cross Cemetery.
McMURRAY— In this city, September 8, 1003.
Margaret McMurray, beloved sister of Brid-
get McMurray and Mrs. Rose Humphreys of
San Francisco and Mary McMurray and Mrs.
John Kenny of Boston, Mass., and most de-
voted aunt of Mrs. .Eugene R. . Bergst and
W. L. Brown, a native of County Leitrlm,
Ireland. . . ! .
tCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her niece, 35 Oak Grove avenue,
thenco to Bt. Rose's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will 'be celebrated for the
. repose of her soul at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
MACKENZIE— In this city. September 0. 1003,
James Stephens Mackenzie, a native of Lon-
don. England, aged 67 years 5 months and
2:j days.
MATTHEWS— In the City and County Hospi-
tal, September 9, 1003, Monroe Matthews, a
native of California, aged 22 years.
NEUMILLER— In this city, September 9, 1903,
Bemicc, d'.arly beloved daughter of Joseph
and JuMa Neumiller, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged H months and 23 days.
PJIIL1BERT — In this city, September 9, '1003/
Julia, beloved wife of Edmund C. Phlllbert,
a native of St. Louis, Mo., aged 64 years.
POWER— In 'this city. September 8. 1903. Wil-
liam J., beloved husband of Mary E. Power
father of Katherine, Raymond. William and
Marie Power, and son-in-law of Mrs). C. Mc-
Manus of Nlcasio, a native of Michigan.
IC^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 23% Devlsadero street, thence to
• Sacred Heart Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
• Holy Cross Cemetery, by electric funeral car
from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
KICHARDS— In this. city, Bestember 9, 1903.
- Clifford Hope, beloved son of Edwin L. and
Annie M. Richards, and brother of Edwin
'Leland Richards Jr.," a' native of San Fran-
.¦_' clsco, > aged 6 months and 6 days.
SCHUTTER — In. this city, September 0, 1003,
F. J. Monahan, • President. •
MONAHAN & CO.,
:•?-•¦ (Inc.)
FUNERAL DIRECTORS ANDEMBALMERS
¦ 2339-23 11 Mission Bt. Telenhonsi Mluion at.
Infant daughter cf Henry and Carrie Schut-
ter, a native of San Francisco.
SHAW— In this city, September 8, 1003, Chea-
ter W. Shaw, a native of Ohio.
• ICTRemalns at the funeral parlors of th»
' H. F. Maass Company, 917 Mission street.
STURTEVANT— Entered Into rest. In Oak-
land. September 8. 1903, Charlotte Pomeroy.
beloved wife of Henry Q. Sturtevant, and
mother of Cullen K. and Faith M. Sturte-
. vant. a native of Vermont, aged «2 years.
E7"Friend8 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Thursday, September 10, 1903, at 1:30
o'clock, at th« First Congregational Church,
¦ corner Twelfth . and Clay streets, Oakland.
-Interment private.
WEISS— In this city. ! September 9, 1903. Jo-
hanna Weiss," beloved mother of Benjamin
J.. George W.. Frederick and the late Henry
C. Lahusen and Mrs. F. Peppln. Mrs. J.
Wilson, Mrs. J. Reed and MrS. C. T. Smith.
a native of Germany, aged 60 years 4 months
and 27 days. -
8T.» DOMINIC 6 Church Building Association—
The monthly requiem high mass for the de-
ceased members of St. Dominic's Church
Building Association, and for parents and
relatives of living members, will be sung In
Bt. Dominic's Church Thursday, at 9 o'clock.
BARTLETT. 413 — Four large sunny rooms; gas
' and bath; unfurnished. $15.
HERBERT (The) — »unny apartments for
houeekeeping; gas ranges; Just newly fur-
nlshed. 15,'W Polk et.
HOWARD. 710 H— Housekeeping- rooms, three;
two beds, respectable, no transients.
JESSIE, 333 — Sunny room, rurnished house-
keeplng? gas ranee, water: $10; see this.
LINDEN ave.. 324^ — Nice, sunny, furnished
housekeeping rooms. . ' *
OCTAVIA, 411—2 sunny housekeeping roomi;
gas stove; rent $12.
OCTAVIA. -14O3. corner of Geary — Sunny
rooms; running water; housekeeping; 1 per-
son $7. 2 persons $0.
POST, 009— Front room, furnished for light
housekeeping; $3" per week. . -
ST. JAMES. McAllister and Laguna— Furnish-
od sunny suite with separate sunny' kitchen:
gas range; all complete for housekeeping:
SIS up. '
STOCKTON. 120O— Housekeeping; front, newly
furnished; (5 to $12; phone, tax, bath; sunny.
A BRANCH office for Call advertissiuents and
rubecrlptions has been established at 10S8
Valencia st. ¦ ¦
HUTELS A.VU UOAHUI.\«-HOL'!iE».
theTprinc^ton!
European plan.
Superbly furnished and the only high-
crude residence hotel In the city which Is
operated on the European plan; located at
710 Jones St., between Sutler and Post, and
reached by three street car lines; rooms
mostly arranged en suite, with bath; electric
lights, steam heat, long distance telephone in
every suite: billiard and smoking rooms ana
a magnificent grillroom; rates are very rea-'
sonahle. •
It POMS TO LET Kuril, and Unfnra.
A HANDSOMELT furnished, sunny bay-win-
dow room In private residence, four blocks
from Park entrance, and within easy walk-
Ing distance of Affiliated Colleges, $15; also
'arge unfurnished room with private en-
trance; gentlemen only. Address box 1705,
Call office v
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth— Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte," S73 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms. 25c. 60c. $1. $1 50 night;
(1 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
ANTLERS, 415 Turk st.— Strictly modem; 4-5
room apartments; fur. or unfur. for hskpg.
BURNETT, 1426 Market— (old No. 1304)— Fur-
nished rooms, suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, 788. rr-ar — Nice large sunny rooms; $6,
$7, $8 month.
CLIFFORD. 204 Kills, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EIGHTH, 10^4— Bay-window front room for
man and wife or 2 gentlemen.
ELLIS. 837 — Nicely furnished front room; pri-
vate family.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 50c
to $1 50 night; $2 to ?3 week; reading-room.
HOTEL GRAYSTONE
66 Geary st.; phone Bush 880.
Centrally located fireproof hotel; elegantly
furnished suites, with baths and singles.
JESSIE. 363^ east ul S. Mint — Furnished
room. $5 per month; large one, 2 beds, $10.
JONES. 1004 — Do you want a comfortable
hcrae?- Elegantly furnished, sunny front
room, two bay-windows, running water, large
closet; breakfast served If desired; private
home.
KEARNY, 229 — Sunny suite or single; rent rea-
sonable; -telephone Black 4446.
MISSION, 1619 — A large front, well-furnished
room to a single gentleman: two In family.
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; clec. lights; day, week, mo.
ROYAL House, 12(5 Ellis — Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and -ladles' par-
lor: rooms per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2
to SS; month, $8 to $30; elevator ,on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
ST. JAMES, McAllister and Laguna— Front
Funny rooms; all new; very cheap; telephone
Page 5751.
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy st., near Market—
400 single and family rooms: 35c to $1 night;
$1 75 to $0 week; elevator; electric lights;
reading-room; free bus and baggage.
VALENCIA, 133— Sunny furnished front room;
suitable for 1; gas; bath; phone; $7.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market—
Most convenient and respectable: 700 rooms;
85c to $1 60 night; $2 to $8 week; elevator:
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10U0
Valencia st.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
STEVENSON Mansion, 807 California st. At-
tractive and sightly rooms; best table and
service; lowest rates.
VAN NESS ave., 1714^ — Private boarding-house,
home like, everything first class: suni.y
suites; single rooms; choice locality; ref.
ROOM and board, double, $5 per week; single
$0; parlor; bath; phone. 806 McAllister st.
THE LAKE, 2C8 Turk— Nicely furnished
rooms with board.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 paces, in vrapper. for mailing. $1 per year.
ROOMS A.\D IIOAUII WASTED.
LADY wishes single room and board in family;
?»> week. 1522 McAllister St.. MRS. L.
PHYSICIANS AND SDRUEOXS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
1021% Market st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty
DR. BALL, 1073^ Market Bt.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor;
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at 667 Geary St.. near Leavenworth,
DR. TONG PO CHY, successor to Dr. U Po
Tai. herb doctor; cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dla-
ea-ses cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st/
SPECIAL NOTICES. ~~~~
NOTICE is hereby given that the Transfer
Books fir ihe transfer of stock of The Bank
cf California will be closed September 13,
1903, at 3 o'clock p. m., and will reopen on
Friday, October 2, 1903. By order of the
Board of Directors.
ALLEN M. CLAY. Secretary.
September 3. 1903.
Ladles! Chiehester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are beat; safe, reliable; take no other. Send 4c
stamps for particulars. "Relief for Ladles "
In letter by return mail. Ask your druggist
Chlchester Chemical Co.. Philadelphia, Pa.
DR. A. E. NEUMEISTER, Surgeon— Special
attention given to medical and surgical dis-
eases of women, diseases of the liver stom-
«ch and bowels. 613-14 Starr King bldg.,
121 Geary ft.; tel. Private Exchange 216.
~*
CATARRH, DEAFNESS and NOISES In EAR3
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
ir.ent free. Dr. Cottlnghatn. 204 Butter st.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
A^^n^aRnTMnitoratrirv^^
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 729-
... 731 Howard St.. near Third; phone Grant lttl.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co. of-
fice Post and Powell sta.; tel. Prlv. Ex. 671.
CCOJKLIN'S storage— Furniture and merchan-
dlse. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made- 840
Mission St.; tel. Howard 041. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
, pany. 2320 Flllmore St.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS V\r. and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
st.: tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
STOTTERISG AKP STAJHMKRINQ~
] MELBOURNE System School, Van Ness and
Market; positive cure for all. Don't delay.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
KREISS — In this city, August 25, 1003, to the
wife of Herbert L. Krelss. a daughter.
MARRIED. ~~~
CLARK— BARKER— In Oakland. September S,
1903,- by the Rev.- Dr. Dille. E. Cook Clark
of Searsport, .Me., and Theresa A. Barker of
San Francisco.
JONES— WELLS— In this city, September S
HMO. by the Rev. Frederick A. Doane, Jacob
D. Jones of Greenwood, Mendocino County
Cal., and Minnie G. Wells of Fort Bragg,
Mendoclno County, Cal. . ¦"
JOSSELYN — ANDREWS — In Santa Rosa, Sep-
AUCTION SALES
Auctiqii Sale.
80«HORSES«80
Br order of O. H. MEI83 of SUkiyou Co.
I WILL SELL
A Second Consignment of Horses,
Consisting of SO bead of broken and un-
broken horses. Sal* take* plac* «^,
THIS DAY.
II a. m. THURSDAY, September 10,
At J. B. HORAN-S STOCK Cor.
Tenth and Bryant streets.
... W. H. HORD, Auctioneer.
*V_ UNDER ELECTRIC UOHT *v^
"^ Grand Auction Sale of Choice *•-**
TBOTTZZrO AND PACING BOSSES,
Containing well trained sons and daughters of
McKlnney. 2:11V«; Diablo. 2:09V». Truman,
j 2:12;\ Falrose. 2:1»'.> : Tuberose. Ib«z. 10.675;
Clarence Wilkes, 2:28H: Gosslper Jr., Sidney/
i 2:19?4; Alexander Button. 2:26H: D«l Rey,
j 2:23; \Eenator B (by Mendoclno). 2:19H;
| Nephew, Winwood. Sllkwood. Sable Wilkes.
2:1S; dosslper, 2:13%; Richards' Elector, Lus-
trldon. Direct, 2:05Va. Good Gift. Hart Boswell.
Bayswater~ Wilkes. Montesal (by McKlnney).
Antevolo, 2:19^: Boodle. 2:11^4; Charles Der-
by, 2:20, and many other famous -trotting stal-
lions and eires. Perfect, stylish road horses,
guaranteed in every way, having faultless ac-
i tlon and extreme speed. Fine surrey horses;
well matched teams; standard and registered
I brood mares; extremely fast and promising trot-
I ters, handsome saddle horsee and several all-
purpose horses. Seekers after the finest repre-
i sentatives of the best trottlntr families will be
' suited. Not a cull will be offered. Every anl-
; mal must be sold without reserve or limit.
Sale takes place at the
I OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
I v 246 THIRD ST.. NEAR FOLSOM.
MONDAY EVElTISra, Sept. 14th, 1903.
Commencing at 7:45 O'clock Sharp.
Horses at salesyard Sept. 12. . Catalogues
ready. WM. G. UYN'O, Livestock Auctioneer.
, OCEAN TRAVEL.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW TOKK— SOUTHAMPTON— LONDON.
N. Tork.Sept. 16.10 ami St.Louls. Sept. S0.10 am
Phlla..Sept. 23. 10 amJN. York.Oct. 7. 10 am
ATLANTIC TEANSPOS* LINE.
STow York — London Direct.
Mesaba.Sept. 12, 9 aicfMinapIs.Sept. 2C.- 9 am
Mln'tka-Sept. 19. 4 pmlMinhaha.Oct. 3. 3 pm
Only First-class Passengers Carried.
DOMINION LINE. ,
Boston — Queenstown — Liverpool.
Commonwealth. Sept. 24 Columbus (new).Oct. 15
New England... Oct. 1 Commonwealth. Oct. 22
Mayflower Oct. 8 New England. .Oct. 29
Montreal — Liverpool — Short sea passage.
Kensington Sept. 12|Southwark Oct. 3
Canada Sept. 26i Dominion Oct. 10
Boston Mediterranean wrect
AZORES-GIBRALTAR-NAPLES-GENOA.
Cambroman..Sat.. Sept. 19, Oct. 31, Dec. 12
Vancouver Sat.. JDct. 10. Nov. 21
BED STAB LINE.
New York — Antwerp — Paris.
Finland. Sept. 12.10 amlKroonlnd.Spt.28, 10 am
Vad'l'nd.Sept.19.10 amlZeeland.Ort. 3. 10 am
WHITE STAB I.INE.
New York — Queenstown — Liverpool.
Sailing Wednesdays and Fridays.
Majestic. Sept. 18. noon Cymric. .Sept. 25, 8 am
Celtic. Sept. IS. 3 pm Victorian. Sept.2», noon
Oceanlc.Sept. 23, 7 am Teutonic. Sept. 30. nocn
C. D. TAYLOR. Passenger Agent. Paciflo
Coast. 21 Post St.. San Francisco.
COXPAQKIE GENERALE TBAN8ATLAHTI3CE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS,
Sailing every Thursday, Instead of<gWWi>
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier 42. ««**'¦! WL?
North River, foot of Morton st.
First-class to Havre. ?70 and upward. Sec-
ond-class to Havre, $45 and upward. GEN-
i ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
; CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson Building).
1 New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
i Agents. B.Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Tlcke't Agents.
Mare Island ana Vallejo steamers.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO
9:45 a. m., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sunday.
Sunday, 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave Vallejo,
! 7 a. m., 12:30 noon, 6 p. m., ex. Sunday. Sun-
! day, 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare, 60 cents, Tel
Main 1508. Pier 2, Misslon-st. dock.. HATCH
BROS.
EAI1WAY TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN HI. CO.
LESSEE!
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PAClFli
EAILWAT COMFAZrr.
Tibnron Perry, roos or Market St.
SAN PBAXTCXSCO TO SAN EAPAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 8:00. 9:00, 11:00 a. m. :
12:35. 2:30, 3:40. 5:10. 5:50. 6:30 and 11:30
p. in. J
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p m.
SUNDAYS — 7:30. 8:00, 8:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30.
2:30. 3:40. 5:10. 6:30. 11:30 p. m.
SAN 3AFAEI, TO SAK PB ACT CIS CO.
WEEK DAYS— 0:05. 6:50. 7:35. 7:50, 9:20,
11:15 a, m. ; 12:50, *2:00, 3:40, 5:00, 5:20
li:25 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:45 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:50. 7:35. 9:20, 11:15 a. m • 1-45
3:10, 4:50, 5:00. 5:20. 6:10, 6:25 p m. '
'Except- Saturdays.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. [ May 3. 1903. |San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Destina- I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. I tloj. [days. | Days.
- oa ' J :^ a 7:45 a! 7:43 a
7:30 a 8:00 a 8:40 al 8'40a
8:00 a 9:30 a Ignado. 10:20 a 10"i> a
* : ?2 P 2 : ?2 P 6:0Op 6:20 p
5:10 p 5:10 p 6:20 p 7:23 p
' 1 7:25 pi
7:30a 7:30a 7:43a 745a
8:00 a 8:00 a TCovato. 10:20 a 10 : 20 a
2:J0p 9:30 a Petaluma. 6:20 p 6:20 p
0:10p 2:30p and J7:25p 7:23b
I 5:10 p Santa Rosa. ( P
' 7 :30 a 7 :30 a 10-20 a 1O-2O *
|«>* |f0Oa . Fulton. ImI^mI
J.oOp 2:30 p ( 7:23 p
I j Windsor. j
7:30 a| 7:30 a I Healdsburg, |10:20 a 10-20 a
I I Lytton, I
2:30 pi 2:30 p| Geyservllle, | 7:23 p 723 d
1 I Clbverdale. | j ' wp
7:30 al 7:30 al Hopland 110:20 allO-20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| and Uklah. | 7:25 p|7:25 p
_7 :30a| 7:30 a| Wlllits. I 7:25 p| 7:25~ p
8:00 al 8:0Oa| Camp Vacation. 110:20 allO-20" a
2:30 pi 2:30 p[ Guernevllle. | 7 :2 3 p| 6J20 p
2 : ?2 a ! £ :0Oa l Sonoma. I 8:40 at 8:40a
5:10 p| 5:10 p| Glen Ellen. [(^OOpie^p
7:30 a I 7:30 al 110-20 aiio-*>n a
2:SPp!2:30 P | Sebastopol. -J 7J25 Sl^sS?
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentln; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton- for Altruria and Mark Wen
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
¦ervillo for Ekaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers. Booneville and Greenwood- at
Hopland for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs
Kelseyville, Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay Lake-
pcrt and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside LierlyV
Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville. Orr"i
Hot Springs, Halfway House, Comptche, Camo
Stevens, Hopkins, Mendoclno City, Fort Btbkic
Westport. Usal; at Wllltts for Fort Bragg
Westport, Sherwood, Cahto, Covello, Layton-
ville, Cummlngs. Bell's Springs, Harris Ol-
sen's. Dyer, Garbervllle, Pepperwood, Scotia
and Eureka. •
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced . rates.
On Sunday — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chronicle
building.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN,
Gen. Manager. Gen.Pasa. Agt.
if fcffi tl
CALIFORNIA |
LIMITED TO CHICAGO |
leaves Mondays sad Thursdays at t-JO s.ro. 11
Threujb la S days with Dtans sad all trappings. M
Our other trains go at t|
7:30am 1 for Stockton, Fresno, . F
I:30am> Bakersfield. Merced. O
1:00PM J Hanford, Visalla, - y ¦« |]
4:00?M for Stockton. [J
8:00pm for Kansas City and. Chicago. N
Office. 641 Market St., and In Perry U
Depot; 1112 Broadway. Oakland. M
. Train* Uavt Market Strut Firry. ||Standard Oil Co. buya printing: and binding
from the Mysell- Rollins Co., 22 Clay. Main 5051.*
Daniel, J. Ahem, a plasterer, living at
11 Hunt street, fell and broke his left leg
yesterday. The fall was five fejet from
a scaffolding. Ahem was treated at 'the
Park Emergency Hospital by Dr. Harvey,
but he was subsequently sent to St.
Mary's Hospital, where It was found nec
essary to amputate his lee between the
knee and the ankle.
Plasterer Breaks Leg.
, A fire was discovered among some rags
in the basement of the house at 5 Ale
many street, occupied by Thomas Laps
ley, a carpenter, about 10 o'clock on Tues
day night. Policemen Cooney and Beck
er, with the, help of some neighbors, ex
tinguished the blaze. The officers report
ed that the fire originated through a
drunken carousal participated in by
I^apsley, Adeline Malt, his daughter, and
Charles Simpson, a friend, who were ar
rested on a charge of being drunk. They
were released by Police Judge Fritz yes
, terday morning.
Drink Causes a Fire.
September 17, via. Southern Pacific, will be
strictly nrBt-cla*s and personally conducted.
Go In by Inspiration Point and come out by
Glacier Point. The trip will occupy five days
and Include* all day at Wawona and a visit
to the Bis' Trees. • The rate, $18 50. covers "all
necessary expens««. Itinerary at Information
Bureau, «13 Market street. •; -. • .;
That Yosemite Excursion
One Thousand Delegates From Re
ligious Order to Attend Annual
Deliberation in That City.
The eighteenth annual convention of
the Brotherhood of St. Andrew is to be
held this year in Denver, Colo., and Cali
fornia is to be represented at the delib
erations by an influential delegation.
Members of local chapters are to attend
from Los Ansreles and Sacramento Juris
dictions, as well as from the north, while
all dioceses in the United States and
Canada as well as Great Britain will be
represented by delegates.
More . than one thousand people will
take part" in the business of the con
vention and the committee at Denver Is
already making preparations on an ex
tensive sca>a to entertain the many prom
inent clergymen and laymen who will par
ticipate in the deliberations".
The delegation from CalifornJa will con
sist of H. Robert Braden of the Southern
Pacific, J. C. Astredo, William Harrison
George Goe, Felix Smith, Lynwood Kelly'
William Qulnlan. Charles A. Goe, E. E.'
Osborne and Albert Mayberry.
Upon the adjournment of the conven
tion the people of Colorado have arranged
for a series of excursions to interesting
points about the » State. The California
delegation will leave for the convention
in ten days. |
ST. ANDREW BROTHERHOOD
TO CONVENE AT DENVER
C. G. Artsman, 121 Scott street, reached
the city from Menlo Park on August 30
and fell asleep in a doorway in Howard
court. When he awoke he discovered
that 65 cents and two baggage checks had
been stolen from his pockets. The follow
ing day the checks were presented at the
baggage-room at Third and Townsend
streets and the articles taken away. The
police were notified, and Peter Enrlght
was arrested by Detectives Regan and
O'Connell and Identified as the man who
presented the baggage checks. He was
booked at the City Prison yesterday on a
charge of grand larceny.
Bobbed While Asleep.
Brock is known as an Eastern bunko
man, and It is supposed that Maloney
had Induced him to come here with him.
The police have Information that Brock
was arrested in New Orleans, but that
is all they know about him.
Maloney is a well-known bunko man
and is wanted on a charge of grand lar
ceny for tricking Charles Nelson, a tan
ner, out of $115 in a room at 34 Ellis
street on May 22 last He left this city
at that time and had apparently Just re
turned. He has served a term of seven
years for grand larceny in Seattle. The
police say he Is one of the smoothest
bunko men in the country.
John Maloney, alias Jack O'Brien, alias
John Mahoney, and David Brock were
arrested at Third and Market streets yes
terday morning by Detectives Ryan and
Taylor and locked up pending further
developments. They had in tow George
Dickison, a visitor from Los Angeles.
John Maloney Returns After Pour
Months' Absence With a
Companion.
1UNK0 MEN ARRESTED
WITH VICTIM IN TOW
A horrible sight met the eyes of Annie
Balser, housemaid in the King's Daugh
ters' Home, 317 Francisco street, when
she entered the room of one of the Inmates
last Tuesday morning and found aged
Charles P. Smith lying on the bed with
his throat cut and weltering In his gore.
She ran screaming from the room and a
surgeon was sent for, who dressed the
wound. Owing' to the hemorrhage and
his advanced age— S2 years— Smith died
yesterday forenoon. A bloody razor and
a penknife, with which the wounds had
been inflicted, were found on the bed.
Smith had been an Inmate of the home
for about ten years, during which he had
been a Bufferer from rheumatism and pa
ralysis. He became despondent recently,
and without doubt he had meditated sui
cide for a long time. He was a native of
Denmark.
Inmate of the King's- Daughters'
Home Commits Suicide While
Sick and Despondent. ,
OCTOGENARIAN CUTS HIS
THROAT WITH A RAZOR
The patronage of the circus is deserved,
for the programme is splendid. Ringling
Bros, are not set in a groove and they
present many novelties. The Nelson fam
ily, famous acrobats, are the headliners
of the show and without doubt they are
the greatest in their line. The bareback
riders make daring acts and their dash
ing leaps to the backs of galloping horses
are watched with suspense.
Captain Webb's performing seals are
wonderful and their tossing and balanc
ing of a ball put the slippery fingers of
many baseball players to shame. The
opening spectacle of the Crusaders Is well
arranged, the tableaus are full of color
and all the participants In the act are
handsomely costumed. The menagerie is
both Interesting and instructive. The
greatest attraction is a tigress with six
cubs a month old. The giraffe has much
fun watching the crowd, and with his
head peering out far over the "* cage he
Is a typical specimen for the cartoonist.
There are two performances, one at 2
p. m. and one at 8 p. m.
Twelve thousand people attended the
performance of Ringling Bros.' circus last
evening. Every reserved seat was sold
early In the day and by 8 o'clock last
night hundreds of people were turned
away.
Thousands suffer from a short, hacking cough
who might bo cured by Ptso'a Cure. •
Programme Is Full of
Clever and Daring
Acts.
Mrs. Loo Lin Admitted.
MONTREAL, Sept. 9.— Owing to the ef
forts of Miss Clark of New York, Mrs.
Loo Lin, the Chinese school teacher, wife
of a New York restaurant keeper, who
wa? detained at San Francisco by order
rf the United States Immigration authori
ties and brought in bond to Montreal, will
be entitled to go to New York in a few
dayg, having obtained the requisite pass
port.
June 6 was the only day this year when
it was warmer than yesterday. • The tem
perature on the former occasion was %
degrees Fahrenheit. The mercury fell
twenty degrees yesterday from the max
imum in a period of three hours, and the
weather last night was of the bnimy
character which makes California famous
the world over.
Professor McAdie of the Weather Bu
reau has compiled statistics from the of
ficial reports showing that there have
been but eleven days In San Francisco
during the summer months of the last
thirty years when the temperature has
risen higher than 90 degrees Fahrenheit.
The cause of yesterday's heat is trace
able, according to McAdie, to the exist
ence of an area of high pressure over
Oregon and Nevada. The heat in the in
terior of the State was intense yesterday,
although no records were broken. More
warm weather is scheduled for to-day.
Professor McAdie said yesterday:
"There is nothing like .San Francisco
weather anywhere else in the world. I
foresee that as the population of the
United States Increases this city will be
come more and more popular as a sum
mer resort. It is never very hot for any
length of time, and we know nothing of
the cold weather. which* makes life in the
East so uncomfortable during the wln-f
ter. San Francisco's weather Is bound to
make her greater and richer than if she
had within her boundaries the greatest
gold mines in the world."
A genuine hot wave struck San Fran
cisco yesterday, and although it did not
tarry long on its way Into the Pacific. It
made Itself generally appreciated. The
mercury stood at 64 degrees Fahrenheit
in the early morning and rose very grad
ually. About noon it began to be hot in
earnest, and at 1:20 o'clock p. m. the ther
mometers registered 92 degrees in the
shade.
Rabbi Jacob Voorsanger was the guest
of honor at a banquet tendered him last
evening by 200 prominent Jewish citizens,
who desired to express their appreciation
of his completion of thirty years' work
for the cause of Judaism.
The hosts of the banquet are members
of the Independent Order of B'nai B'rlth,
of which Rev. Dr. Voorsanger Is a dis
tinguished leader. The banquet was given
at a downtown restaurant and an elab
orate menu was In evidence.
Max Popper acted as toastmaster, and
in a brief speech he tendered a welcome
to the guest of the evening. D. S. Hirsh
berg proposed the toast "Our Guest" and
delivered a eulogy on the career of Dr.
Voorsanger, whom he designated as a
"God-appointed leader of Israel." The
speaker dwelt upon the broad views of
the rabbi and his earnest efforts to as
similate the religion of the Jew and har
monize all points of doctrine with Amer
ican citizenship.
On behalf of the members of B nai
B'rlth Mr. Hirshberg then presented Dr.
Voorsanger a massive gold goblet, suit
ably engraved. In delivering his response
Dr. Voorsanger was visibly affected, and
he assured his hearers that he would ever
cherish the kindly feelings that had
prompted the banquet and presentation.
The rabbi spoke eloquently ' of the ad
vance of Judaism in America, and said
his life's efforts had been and would al
ways be devoted to the end to put thor
ough Jewish sentiment Into Americanism
and to teach that the narrow environ
ments of the past must give way to the
broad progress of the present, thus bene
fiting religion and citizenship.
Toasts were also delivered by Wallace
A. Wise, Rev. M. S. Levy, E. Myron
Wolf, George Samuels, Otto Irving Wise,
Rev. M. Friedlander, Marcus Rossnthal
and H. Gutstadt.
She was highly conected with prom
inent people in the East and is reported
to have left a large fortune in the Ori
ent and New York.
Mrs. Bennett was born In Beverly, Mass.
She lived In China for nearly thirty years
and up to a year ago, when she came to
San Francisco, and with her son Gordon
had resided at the Manhattan ever since.
She was a highly cultured woman of
much refinement and greatly beloved by
the people with whom she came In con
tact. Her untimely death is the source
of great grief to all her friends. Her age
was about 55 years.
Mrs. C. C. Bennett died suddenly at the
Manhattan Hotel Tuesday night. She was
In excellent spirits during the day and her
friend. Mrs. Sproat of the Stewart Ho
tel, who dined with her, states that at
that time she was In the best of health.
She retired to her room 'shortly before 9
o'clock. The landlord, F. S. Skaggs,
found her lying cold in death at 11 o'clock
yesterday morning.
From the position of the body she must
have been in the act of arranging her
hair prior to retiring when death came.
When found she was in her night robe,
lying face down on the floor, with a hair
comb in her hand. The body was remov
ed to the Morgue, where the Coroner held
an autopsy, the report being that death
was due to fatty degeneration of the
heart. j
Mrs. Bennett's son, Gordon, who was
spending his vacation at Woodside, was
telephoned for and arrived in town late
in the afternoon. Another son, Charles
R. Bennett, who is a member of the firm
of Mustard & Co., in Shanghai, was
cabled to regarding the funeral arrange
ments.
Three thousand people assembled at
Schuetzen Park yesterday and enjoyed
the picnic of Clan Fraser Xo. 78, Order
of the Scottish Clans. Despite the heat
cf the day the guests present took part in
the athletic games and enjoyed the danc
ing until a late hour in the evening. A
number of valuable prizes were competed
for and there was considerable rivalry
among the contestants' to secure the
trophies. Two hundred members of the
Clan Fraser attended the picnic in Scot
tish drees and were accompanied by
pipers, who furnished Scottish music.
Crowds Attend Scotch Picnic.
Rabbi Is Presented With
a Massive Golden
Goblet.
Temperature Rises With
Most Astonishing
Rapidity.
Mr3. C. C. Bennett Falls
Dead While Comb
ing Her Hair.
DR. VOORSANGER
IS BANQUETED
DEATH SUMMONS
CULTURED WOMAN
HOT WAVE PAYS
VISIT TO CITY
The loss of the company is fully covered
by insurance and the work of rebuilding
the destroyed mill will be done without
delay.
Truck No. 2, while drawing up at the
scene of the fire, was overturned by the
rear. wheels coming In contact with a
heavy timber and the driver and tillerman
were thrown to the ground. They escaped
with a few bruises. A Chinese workman
named Ah Jim, employed at the chemi
cal works, was burned on the right side
cf the face and was sent to the Harbor
Emergency Hospital for treatment. The
four-story salsoda and cream of tartar
works adjoining the sulphur mill escaped
injury owing to the splendid work of the
Fire Department.
The president of the Stauffer Chemical
Company is C. de Guigne, and J. H.
Wheeler Is the vice president, J. Stauffer
being secretary and manager.
A disastrous fire occurred yesterday
morning at half-past 7 at the sulphur re
fining and whiting plant of theStauffer
Chemical Company, Pay and Dupont
streets. It resulted in the total loss of a
two-story brick and wooden building, the
estimated damage being $30,000.
The fire started in the sulphur grinding
mill, and Is supposed to have been caused
by sparks generated by a piece of flint
being crushed by the rapidly revolving
rollers. The flames spread rapidly, and
when the Fire Department arrived the
entire building was a mass of flames. A
second alarm was sent in by Acting Chief
Dougherty and a dozen engines and a
water tower were engaged for more than
an hour in fighting the fire.
Owing to the dense sulphur fumes the
firemen were compelled to work at some
distance from the building. Fifty tons of
sulphur and a large quantity of whiting
were destroyed by the flames and water.
Two-Story Building Is Gutted and
Chinese Workman Is Burned
About the Face.
STAUFFEB, CHEMICAL WORKS
DESTROYED BY FT. AMES
LARGE CROWDS
ATTEND CIRCUS
Captain McCann thanked the members
most heartily for their kindness and said
that the surprise was so great that he
could scarcely find words to show his full
appreciation of the gift bestowed upon
him.
The sword is a magnificent piece of
work, being made up by Litchfleld.
The committee having the "evening at
home" in charge was composed of the
following: Privates- Frank D. O'Keefe,
Fred Postel, Henry Schmidt, Robert El
liott and Frank Burns. The affair proved
a success throughout.
Lieutenant William V. Johnson made
the presentation speech, In the course of
which he outlined the splendid work per
formed by Captain McCann in bringing
the company up to the high standard that
it holds. This was made notable by the
fact that when Captain McCann first took
charge of the company one year ago It
was almost on the verge of disbanding
By his untiring efforts and work he has
brought the company up to be one of the
foremost in the First Regiment, League
of the Cross Cadets.
Cadets, the members of the company
surprised him by presenting him with a
handsomely engraved sword Tuesday
evening, September 7, at their armory
at Fifteenth and Mission streets. The I
presentation surprise took place at an
"evening at home" given by the privates*,
of the company to the officers and many j
friends. |
IN order to show their appreciation
of excellent wcrk performed by Cap
tain McCann of Company B, First
Regiment, League of the Cross
Captain McCann Present
ed With Costly Sword
by Company.
LEAGUE OF THE CROSS OF
FICER WHO WAS PRE
• SENTED WITH A SWORD.
Hubbard was charged at the Hall of
JuKtice with assault to commit murder.
His story, in so far as the shooting is
concerned, was corroborated by several
witnesses, who, however, could not fur
nish a description of the man who had as
sailed him, and the police also failed to
find any trace of the man who had fled.
At The Oaks it was denied that a man
named Hubbard was a lodger there, but
the prisoner still Insists that he has a
room there.
Dr. Kergan said that he and his wife
hi^d been to the theater and were about
to board a car for the ferry when he
heard the report of a pistol and was
Ftartled when his wife suddenly shrieked
and fell to the ttreet.
The woman, who proved to be Mrs.
Katherine Kergan, wife of Dr. W. W.
Kergan, living at 957 Eighth street, Oak
land, was hurriedly carried by her hus
band into the entrance of the Phelan
building, where she expressed a doubt as
to whether fhe had been hit by the stray
shot, tut complained that the lower por
tion of her body was numb. A carriage
was called and in company with her hus
band and Officer Driscoll. Mrs. Kergan
wa& conveyed to the home of Dr. J. B.
Kergan, 22$ Hyde street, where an exam
ination developed that she had been
wounded slightly in the right thigh. Later
she was conveyed to her home in Oak
land.
As the woman fell several person* rush
r-d to her and as they did so one of two
men who had been quarreling near the
rurb on the south slda of Market street,
suddenly ran up Market street to
ward Fourth and the other, turn
ing, darted into Becker & Hender
son's saloon, a few doors below where
they had been standing. He ran to the
rear of the saloon. wh<>re he was over
hauled by Becker, who immediately turn
ed ' him over to Police Officers Daniel
Drisccll and Michael Farrell.
To the police the prisoner gave his
name as C. T. Hubbard and said he was
< mployed as a telegraph operator by the
Southern Pacific Company at' Selma, but
l:ad been visiting the city for a few days
and was staying at The Oaks on Third
street. Regarding his share in the shoot
ing affair Hubbard, who is about twenty
f'jur years of age, said:
I had been to the Alcazar Theater and was
n turning to my lodging*. Coming Cown
O Terrell street, I crossed , Market at Grant
avenue and was proceeding on my way along
the nou;h eicie of Vurket when a etranger
puddpnly accepted me. He made several in
euitlns-n-inarks about my -clothee, to which I
responded, 8-nd lie then turned and hit me on
the raouta with his list. I quickly recovered
Jrom the effects of the blow and drawing my
pistol nred a shot at him. When he saw me
reach lor thu he bee^-n to run and was
soon out of elKtit. 1 do not know who the
feliow was juid I doubt If I could positively
identify him If we met again.
The sharp report of a pistol, followed
by the shrieks of a woman, who, a sec
ond later was eeen to totter and fall in
the middle of Market street, just oppo
site Grant avenue, startled the pedestri
ans on the big thoroughfare shortly be
fore 11 o'clock last night and for a time
<aused them to believe that a murder
had been committed.
E. F. HeaJy, a newspaper man living
at 8390 Twenty-third street, reports that
a tall and a short footpad hold him up
shortly after 1 o'clock yesterday morning
while he was on his way home and re
lieved him of $6 SO, all the money he had
in his pockets. He had reached Clinton
Park and Valencia street when the
taller of the two footpads, who was
masked, pointed a revolver at his head
and ordered him to throw up his hands.
He promptly obeyed and the smaller of
the two deftly went through hla pock
ets, extracting his coin. Then lie was
told to go about his business. Shortly
after the hold-up he met Policemen Pow
ell and Coulter and notified them. They
made a search of the neighborhood, but
could find no trace of the footpads. One
is described as about 5 feet 9 inches tall
and the other about 5 feet 5 inches.
Detectives Dlnan and Wren have not
yet succeeded In arresting the two foot
pads who operated at 252 O'Farrell street
on Tuesday afternoon. They are satis
fled that the footpads are addicted to the
same vice as the men who were robbed
and that they knew each other. The vic
tims, who are known as "dope fiends,"
told the detectives that if thev made any
arrests they would not prosecute the case.
The arrests -will, however, be made.
John Smith and Dennis O'Brien, who
are supposed to be the two footpads who
held up John Bohner, 300 Turk street,
and his patrons; John Sere, Seventh and
Natoma streets, and his patrons, and
Henry Elmers, 1345 Sacramento street,
were booked at the City Prison yesterday
on a charge of robbery, following the
identification of Smith by Elmers as one
of the two footpads who robbed him in
his store. Owinie to the fact that the
footpads wore masks none of the other
victims have been able to identify them.
John Smith and Dennis O'Brien, who
were arrested last week by Detectives
Dlnan and Wren, are not the only tall
and short footpads who are optrating in
this city together. There were the tall
and the short men who held up several
people In Golden Gate Park and a man
at Bush and Polk streets last Friday
night.
Mrs. Katherine Kergan of
Oakland Receives a Bul
let in Thigh.
Men Who Operated in Room
on O'Farrell Street Are,
Known
Stranger Takes Shot at
Assailant on Market
Street.
E. F. Healy, a Newspaper
Man, Held Up and .
Robbed.
FIRES AT MAN,
WOUNDS WOMAN
FOOTPADS KEEP
POLICE ACTIVE
THE SAN FBANCIBCO CALL, THtJHSDAT, ' SEPTEMBER 10, 1903.
UNTIRING
EFFORTS
REWARDED
14
fr*l mm JJ h III ¦ R3 0 Bf IS
TS w Ml wl n ¦ 1 ™ 1 u " r I
EglimN^S ft 1 mi S V ihMKe&I
39 STOCKTON STBEET,
Telephone Mais 5522.
Don't think because wa carry only flr»t
quality goods that our prices are higher.
The fact Is, -we cut the profits until the
cost ia within the means of any and ail
CREAMERY" "BUTTER, per sq 40c
Rejr. 45c. Fresh and sweet. Xo C O. D.
orders taken for butt;r alone.
FANCY EASTERN E66S, 2 doz for 55c
New shipment from Minnesota.
MANZANILLA OLIVES, psr qt- - .20c
Reg. 22c. Good size and quality.
.SINGAPORE PINEAPPLE, per ca.i. . 15c
Reg. 20c. Sliced or crated.
FANCY MUSCATEL RAISINS, 2 Ills 25c
Re*. 20c. lb. This unusual offer Is to re-
FRENCH MUSTARD, per bot 20c
Regr. 23c. Louit Freres, Bordeaux.
SAUERKRAUT, par can 10c
Res. 15c. A. Booth's. Baltimore, 3-lb.
BRoHlANSELON, per pkg !0c
Reg. 12Vic. Strawberry, raspberry,
lemon, orange and cherry.
BROOMS, each 30c
Reg. 40c. Ths Little Daisy.
OK BOURBON, per bot 75c; gal $3.00
Reg. $1 and $4. A pure article.
WiLSON RYE, psr bot 85c
Reg. $1. Distillery bottling.
HOLLAND GIN, per bot 75c
Reg. $1. Genuine Imported; possesses
great medicinal qualities.
LIEBIG'S MALT EXTRACT, doz $1.60
Reg. f2.
Drop a postal and our solicitor will call
fbr orders.
R?^^p^^^ r OR Vi*^ Ar4D
Cross babies become good-
natured babies when fed on
Mellin's Food. Mcllin's Food
nourishes and pleases.
'Would you like a sample of Mellin's Pood
to try ? You may have one for the asking.
- r
MELLIN'S FOOD CO.. BOSTON. MASS.
For Stomach Disorders
Cout and DvsDepsia
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
A- VIGNTES CO., San Francisco.
CUTLER?f
ADVERTISEMENTS. ,
The Most Phenomena/ Sale of the Year
~ BROKEN LOT OF ,
WOMEN'S WRAPPERS AND
CHILDREN'S COLORED DRESSES
, —AT A
STUPENDOUS CLEAN-UP.
¦„ -J''Z"- iM/nnnnro tflfiT Price Placed Upon All Our
80c FOR OUR $1.00 WRAPPER $1.10 $U5Oi $2 .00 and $2.50
95c for -our $1.25 WRAPPER CHILDREN'S
JjTjToTqTr^^ COLORED DRESSES
¦ ¦„. ... . These Dresses are made of CHAM-
Wrappers made of excellent quality of BRA r> PERCALE and GINGHAM. Ex-
PERCALE."Some come in pretty striped quisitely trimmed in Embroidery, White
designs; in a variety of color effects* Pique and Washable Braid.
Our wrappers lill every requirement Dresses are made with an unusual
of good form, correct style and excel- . deep hem and are stylish and service-
lent finish and are QUALITIES THAT able garments. GREATEST VALUES
CAN BE DEPENDED UPON. EVER OFFERED IN THIS LINE.
Send for our Fall and Winter Catalogue. ITRADInG STAMPS GIVEN WITH EVERY
Will soon be ready for mailing, || PURCHASE. •
MARKS BROS ¦"0,1222,1224 Market St.
IYIrll%lmV llllUU*f Between Taylor and Jones. -
A "P V K'H.TTfi'FTVrF'.Tn'ft.
Miss Agnes Miller, o! Chicago,
speaks to young women about
dangers of the Menstrual Period
— how they can avoid pain,
suffering and remove the cause.
" I suffered for 6ix years with dys-
menorrhea (painful periods), so much so
that I dreaded every month, as I knew
it zae&nt three or four days of intense
pain. The doctor said this rras due
to an inflamed condition of the uterine
appendages caused by repeated and
neglected colds and feet wetting.
"If youns girls only realized hoir
dangerous it is to take cold . at this
critical time, much suffering would be
spared them. Thank God for Lydia
E. PinJcliam's Vegetable Com-
pound* that was the only medicine
which helped me any. Within three
weeks after I started to take it, I
noticed a marked improvement in my
general health, and at the time of my
next monthly period the pain had
diminished considerably. I kept up
the treatment and was cured a month
later. I am like another person sinca
I am in perfect health."— Miss Agsks
MuxEir, 25 Potomac Ave., Chicago, I1L
£5OOO forfrtt If original of above letter proving
genuineness cannot be produced.
The monthly sickness reflects
the condition of woman's health.
Fifty thousand letters from
women prove that I^ydia E.
PinkhanTs Vegetable Compound
regulates menstruation, and
makes those periods painless.
HALE'S. I HALE'S. | TTAT.Tr>ff } HATE'S.
Sheets, Blankets, Comforters, Linens, Flannels.
Hale's make an unexpected move this morning: Loivering prices when zvholesale market is raising them. It's a September
opportunity housekeepers will welcome with wide open arms, especially since it comes from the good-goods store where quality counts
more in the bargain than the price.
Here are pillow cases at cjj^c (way under to-day's market price). Same with 50c sheets and wool blankets at $4.00. It's a
sale of unusual breadth and importance. \ J,
1 Tjarge double) size ones (81x90 i ¦ 250 pairs i I Good $1 grrada ¦**•
Sheets, 50c i^iS^e/SSS.finritTOS ' Wool Blankets, $4.00 3tf y 'SJififf Comforters, 85c S^gSpt^SS^SddS
1 ... — ' quality of the. sheeting as ($5 grade.) White wool ' ' ' sale. They're double
much as the price that makes the bargain. Yet ¦ ones size 64x size, measure 72 in. square, covered with tig-
the price couldn't be more important. We can't 80 in., weigh full 5 lbs., pink and blue borders ured sllkollne on on© side, plain on the other,
sell you the sheeting alone as cheap as we can and are solid woven, fleecy wool blankets. It's one filled with good grade of white cotton, wool tuft-
sell you the sheets made up. We bought when we can't sell regularly under $5. The mill gave ed. "We bought 400 dozen of this one comforter
cotton prices were down. us a bargain. We give It to you. for all our six stores. So we got them at a bar-
1 : 1 They are our regular I 1 It's a splendid white galn> ! *
Rp>ri Pillnvi"? 75c l . 1#00 .? n 1S5' ful1 8^ lbs - Tflhlp I !n*»n A(\r cloth - 60 ta - wl^ e . *» I — 1 Here>s the flanB el
pea fihows, yoc 6 ze 21x27, covered with i apie Linen, 4UC n n en. we took an Nanned Piaues and <>*« of the week
L ¦ — « blue and white and red ' ¦ » the manufacturer had i^«ppcu riquca auu «_
and white striped ticking, filled with clean feath- left of this pattern and divided them among AIhatrO«?seS PC Dargam you
ers. It's unusual to find such quality feathers our stores. He said it was a "Job." You will /VCi/ ,, V?- n,T«,'iiH« ¦» expect to
even for a dollar. Here they are for 75c for this sale. say It's a "bargain." (12frac and 15c qualities.) flnd at the en(J ot
, — - I They're all linen ¦ i 2500 yards the season but here it is at the very beginning in a
Damask T0WeIS, 16C Sj h n W £S t f e rlll £S Crash Toweling:, 10#C Slne 6 "^ complete line of patterns In the prevailing color-
(20c ones.) blue borders, us- ( 12 %c grade.? 1 now at a ings, white and colored grounds, stripes and dots.
— — — ual family size, — — — — — — —^— — —^— — — — bargain. It's You know there isn't anything more popular for
18x38 In. We bought them specially for Septem- an absorbent crash with red border, splendid tow- waists just now than these napped piques and al-
ber selling and put them out now for the first time. eling for rollers and hand towels. 17 Inches wide. batrosses.
Hale's Make Remarkable Offering Tl-i£k W^w Cr^al Cui-fc? Boys' Merino Underwear.
TO-DAV ' lflC llCW SLr&CL 9111 LS -bui 2S c a garment.
In Offirp Stfltionerv r> . That's unusual — not only the price.
in Ullltc owuuiicry. re not ex p ensive as y 0U but the quality, for it's a heavier ffar-
Ledgers, journals, cash . books, zvould think. Here are even some ment nd bett ? r finished that usually
files/inkstands, any of them at snappy long coated ones in mixed Children's fle'ece-S garments
25c. Most of them are new. All of materials at $15. Not hurriedly 2 - c a garrnen t, vests or pants,
-them are under price. j *# ** turned out either, «d>ut carefully The vests are neatly finished at the
The li'deer* journals and cash books 2ftP^r^*S3£--"^ 1 1 a1 1 1 r • 1 j ' neck nnfl ln front with shell stitching,
have 200 pages, cloth bound with can- \ -^S^^Px made and thoroughly finished. pants are Jersey ribbed, snug fitting.
vas covers. The paper is better qual- \ ( \. The blou^ U double breasted trim S1ZCS tO yearS " «
Po^^ourS^d p^ket ledgers have S i(m^ r2^^^T^^^T^ Women's fleeced unionsuits *
200 pages, worth 40c, at 25c. V\\\\fl flW \\\ ar « lapels and sleeves are as coatish as j- cents
Leather covered memo books, indexed, f wULL A thev can he The I'irkpt i« lined with D
25c. \lW/\ I «„ vi ui i J .- j !u i -1 ¦ Xot a "sat weight but heavy. Not a
Bill head books, three compartments, l\\ quality black satin and the skirt is poor style but the popular Oneita one3.
Japan. 45c ones at 25c. /Wrtu l\ \ seven-gored, each seam stitched double Not a cheap garment by any means, the
Board files in letter and note size. 25c. ft \\\ . f \\\ as well as six rows of tailor Stitchine price is cheap. The necks are low. the
Letter boxes and racks. Japan, 50c ones fift\\\ \\ \ a f tk* h n tnm m« L«,M tl,int sleeves long, ankle* length finished in
at 25c. \\\\ / \\\ a 5 *** bottom. Who would think frontt wltn fancy stitching, pearl but-
Inkstands. gilt, ironand glass, plain and H \\\\t Hi they d get all that for SlS.OO? tons, covered seams.
fancy designs. 25c. I imF^f*? But maybe your ta*te runs In other lines.
Lead pencils. 25c doz. Hales Special. UJ, U.^/ This one at $lfl,3O is of lady's cloth, collar- I ~ rfX Ciiit^i-incr Tn Fl«iv On
hard, medium or soft lead, tipped with ~ ' %JV less - wlth lonsr skirt, plaited front, trlpl* shoul- i-dCc V^Hcring 1 O m Ua.y 5/C
rubber. f.U d«r capes, new sleeve*, deep cuffs. It's trim- T?s, f r,,lnr' t -/- n,,// o-/- rttinl-ti^e
XT T . - \«A med with silk braid and ornaments; jacket KCglllar 1->C altd 2^C \JltCllitlCS. .
Note-sue Journal 6oc. , 7A\ llI M8™SS£'2?'of e t am .™ «* „* i „ Here<s a uick opportunity this
300 pages with leatherette cover, reg- / /|U c£ttt^u?n^^M^l^\S^S:£^moTnms in Normandy Valenciennes
ular $1 kind, we are not askingr sta- JI I \\\\ button up snusly. giving a mannish effect; laces in styles so desirable and service-
tioners P rofits,_ ! o_th ! y_are 60c. J \j |^\ SSfS^^iKfS&Sil cheviot, able for under.vear and .baby clothes.
/ftp* <3ks\l 1 1 v^ Xy coiiariess blouse, with stitched bands of velvet beveral thousand yards in many damtv
These IOC naif Hose /r/ MY/ II \\ n^ at the collar and shoulders. Front is trimmed patterns; bow knots, scrolls and floral
i uwsw *w ««***» ¦ ivsow /Ma y* «i »\ wltn stitched pointed straps of the same ma- -V_ ' _ „ ( , ... . ,-
„*. Ai/ r PoiV <%y f I|;| NnSS \ teriai; jacket lisatin lined ideas, at an average of less than halt-
dL \J/2 b raili jS^BSfc I i— J/j i W=^Y&. $25.OO SUIT Is a mixed zibellne In a blouse price. QC.
™ *• *i •,. „,„,-.,:„„ tu..,'». "i^go^-;^ | C^rUi ilf^SB|£r^sr5^» effect, with lone skirt, trimmed with silk or- — ». - . . _»- . - . _
First time till;. morning. Ihevre a -° : **-^ ¦ ', nammts and stitched taffeta bands, as well a.- StOCKlHet Shields 9C
the Stockings we've sold riRllt alonj? at /"T- fancy buttons. Skirt Is trimmed with three _Hose suonorters colors ' 10c nalr
u * ?!,„ ™«.n'c c/.r-H«« t,,cn't V.««n stitched taffeta bands running over the hips to Sv , su Pp orl 5rs. colors, luc pair.
ioc, but the men s section nasn t been points in front. — Stock collar foundations 10c each.
getting enough recognition. They ; — Tapes, assorted widths. 4c bunch.
want more and they're willing to pay a A/liU'c TflflPCffV Dpmnfllifc =§£" darning cotton. 3 spools for 5c
for it. So here goes these half-hose J\ ITllll S I clpcblry rVClTincin IS — 1 dozen basting cotton. 5c.
this morning at almost half-price. 6Y 2 c. are QUt to . day It's a day to buy notions, and Hale's
They're all three yards long. 50 inches wide, in heavy Gobelin or Ar- is the store to go to.
__. 1 mure weave as well as a few mercerized ones. They're a few inches too _Z ~~~
rS&_M7 Jrffl ' _¦! */$ 9—&-i short for portieres, so they've lost their value to the portiere man. But 'JJff
d^^ QB&W&^&'Pfc they're just right for couch, furniture or lounge coverings. -!{**& ffij ff*^^flaiii
J§7 jw/j!^r^ iiWj*BrjptfP $1.15 a piece ; regular value $2.00. $1.95 a piece ; regular value $4.00. Jffl Jt&£Ji^^ ( *£>&vB0i f^jg£g£
fBS oooD&y^ $2.25 a piece ; regular value $$.00. -^* <7<inu»ii
_, . _ T c,. ., A splendid chance for upholstery dealers toreplenish their stocks at n*....!^* cr*-^ 4. ivt cr» it.
Market Street, Near Sixth muc h less than the manufacturer's first cost. Market Street, Near Sixth