SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, OCTOBER 39; 1903.
VOLUME XCIV— NO. 141.
PRIOB FrTB OENTS.
Motor Breaks Down and in Descending
Balloon and Car Land in Bay.
DR. AUGUST' GRETH, an amateur aeronaut of San
Francisco, ascended in > a dirigible balloon yesterday to
a height of 2000 feet and sailed over the city; controll
ing his rinachine. perfectly tint il his motor broke down. He
was then compelled to let the gas escape from the balloon,
and descended in the waters of the straits near Fort Point.
A crew from the life-saving station rescued him and his air
ship. He claims tJmt if equipped with a proper motor his
craft will be subject entirely to his, control at any altitude and
can be driven in any desired, direction at a high rate of speed.
"I am going to He down for a little
while," he said as he alighted from the
car^^iand then I will make a free ascent
and sail around The Call building."
The airship was secured with lines and
the navigator sought repose in a room
fitted up for him on the grounds. Within
an hour he appeared again, much re
freshed, and mounted the car again. This
time no rope dangled from the airship.
When the moorings were cast loose the
bulky envelope rose rapidly In the air,
dragging the car after It, and ascended to
a height of 2000 feet.
VOYAGER IS CHEERED.
A large crowd gathered outside of the
grounds and cheered the plucky voyager,
who stood leaning over the side of the
car waving his hand to the people below
him. The ascent was made at 10:50 o'clock.
An American flag attached to the car
floated lazily in the still air. At 2000 feet
Dr. Greth started the motor, and the
craft answered to the motions of its pro.
pellers by descending several hundred feet
and turning in a semicircle, first to the
north and then ; to; the south. After
maneuvering a little the navigator point
ed the nose of the craft toward the north
west, set . the propellers to steer ahead
and the airship shot forward in the direc
tion of the Presidio.
. Across the city It made its way, the
STRANGE CRAFT AT ANCHOR WHICH STARTLED THE CITY I X ITS FLIGHT AND VIEW OF IT IN THE AIR, \
FIERY GEYSERS SHOOT UP
IN CRATER OF MAUNALOA
Party of Excursionists Reaches Sum
mit cf the Volcano After a
Rather Difficult Trip.
HONOLULU. Oct. IS.— An exploring
party of thirteen, the first to reach Mo
kuapopo. the summit of the crater of
Maunaloa, gives reliable details of the
eruption. The party suffered severely
from mountain sickness and cold. They
found the inside of the crater very active.
Out of the mass of molten lava fiery gey
sers were shooting up to the height of
200 feet or more, but there was no over
flow.
An Increase of heat In the Dewey crater
lower down indicates the possibility of an
outbreak there. Kilauea remains normal.
Many excursionist* are vkitins Mauna-
Continued on Page 3, Cloumn 3.
they fairly hugged themselves . in their
delight It was these men who, from their
scanty means, had furnished the capital
for the construction of the airship and
had v studied and tolled for many- long
months in the accomplishment of their
design. Time and again they had made
arrangements for the test, only to be dis
appointed by- some breakdown or other ' in
the machinery- Funds had run lowland
friends of the project, discouraged by the
repeated failures, | had refused i to contrib
ute further. By dint of the hardest per
suasion Dr. \ Greth and his partner, J.
Ozro Brubaker, the artist, secured suffi
cient money to complete arrangements for
the trial trip. , it was agreed among the
promoters that an ascent would be made
at 9:30 o'clock J Sunday morning from the
lot at Eleventh and Market streets.
At the 'time mentioned thirty or forty
interested people gathered In the rear of
the premises at 1517 Market street. Among
them were Dr. Greth and his family, J.
Ozro Brubaker,' several mechanics who
had: contributed .their services in the con
struction of the airship, and a few who
JT JT Q ITHOUT taking the public in-
Mf U y to his confidence through an
&J£f nouncement of his intentions,
*** r9 *^ r Dr. August Greth climbed in
to his dirigible airship yester
day morning, cast loose all stays and
anchors and sailed away into • the blue
vault of heaven. The residents of San
Francisco who turned their eyes skyward
on the beautiful Sabbath morning were
startled to see an elliptical balloon, to
which was attached a car, careening 2000
feet above their heads. Rushes were made
for field and opera glasses and half the
population of the city watched the amaz
ing spectacle.
It was evident at once that whoever was
directing the strange conveyance had it
completely under his control. It was
made to rise and fall at the will of the
operator, turned first to one side, then
the other, speeded at a high rate . and
slacked until it scarcely moved. The
hand that guided the wanderings of- the
marvelous craft was master of the atmos
phere and had solved the vexed problem
pt aerial navigation, "¦¦ "*\
While the whole city was wondering a
little group of men in the vacant lot at
Market and Eleventh streets watched
with beating hearts the ascent and Jour
ney of the craft, and when it was evi
dent that It was going to be a success
PROMOTERS JUBILANT.
Speculation was rife regarding the chai*
acter of the strange conveyance and the
gallant skipper of the air who directed
its movements. Scarcely one of the
watchers had ever heard of the airship
and its inventor. It burst on the city
without the ieast warning and many men
who had tarried with the Wurzburger
late Saturday night doubted the evidence
of their eyes. They thought they were
seeing thlng3.
The airship took its flight from Market
and Eleventh streets, across the western
portion of the city, sometimes attaining
a height of 2000 feet, and descending at in
tervals to a height of about 1000 feet. For
nearly an hour it floated about, curveting
in the sunshine like a colt in a pasture,
and then sank from sight behind the Pre
sidio.
Ascension Is Made Without Notice and Navigator Seems to
Have Complete Control of His Craft.
The life-saving crew from the station at
Fort Point put out a boat to the rescue.
Dr. Greth refused to leave the balloon
and the apparatus was , towed to the
beach, where the navigator climbed out.
Some soldiers who had followed the
flight of the airship caught the balloon
and pulled It ashore, where the gas soon
escaped from It and allowed It to collapse.
The balloon and the car were subsequent
ly loaded on a wagon by Dr. Greth and
navigator sailing along as he pleased,
ducking about in the, air with freedom.
Occasionally he would lean over the side
of the car. and wave his hat to the curious
watchers below him. As he neared a point
over the Presidio he could be seen work
ing in the cordage, and the balloon was
noticed to . ascend rapidly. Suddenly it
commenced to sink, rapidly at first and
then more slowly. The motor, which
could be heard working, stopped suddenly
and the balloon, still sinking, drifted over
the -Presidio and out over the waters of
the straits. Slowly it descended Into the
water. Dr. Gerth, apparently as cool as
If alighting from a street car, swung from
his station into the rigging of the bal
loon, which floated along on top of the
water. •.:,..* ,
lashing 1 them together. 1 In the center was
swung the car, in which .was located a
Brennan gasoline ten horsepower motor.
On each side of the car at the top was a
propeller, connected with each other by a
shaft and operated by a sprocket attached
to the motor. The motor weighed 500
pounds, .and the car supports another. 500
pounds^ -With the weight of the navi
gator, the total load was. 1200 pounds, 600
pounds below the carrying capacity of the
balloon: ¦ \ , : .*/- i ;
.When'all arrangements were concluded
Dr.' Greth climbed Into the car and the
apparatus ascended into the air, but was
held . by a cable from below. It was an
ndunced that the navigator would do some
maneuvering while anchored. The airship
ascended to a height of 400 feet, where he
held jt^ stationary for. a time. Then he
turned repeatedly, within. the length of his
machine,- rose :'and fell at -..will, started
and stopped,' the bulky craft apparently
answering to the lightest touch. Al
though anchored the maneuvering was
practically a free ascent, as the rope was
"never taut and did not assist the balloon
In any way In its movements. After half
an hour of this the airship descended, the
descent being aided by , willing hands on
the} rope. Dr. Greth was worn out by his
work /with f, the motor t 'which gave him
much' trouble.
MILWAUKEE. Oct. IS.— The Tuscarora,
Milwaukee's new revenue cutter, will
leave for Cleveland to-morrow to take
part in the settlement, of the International
dispute which has arisen between the
United States and Canada over the fish
ing in Lake Erie. Orders to proceed at
once to that port and to report to the
Collector of Customs there have been re
ceived by Captain Hall. The cutter will
coal and then leave for Lake Erie.
CLEVELAND, Ohio. Oct. 18.— Collector
of Customs Leech said that when the
Tuscarora came to this port It would aid
la determining the boundary line at Ash
tabula and Erie, where American fisher
men have been fired upon and their nets
taken up. A careful survey will be made
of th»» disputed points to avoid further
disturbance of American fishermen along
this portion of Lake Erie.- -' ¦
Will Take Part in Settlement of In
ternational Dispute Over Fish
ing on Lake Erie.
NEW REVENUE CUTTER
IS SENT TO CLEVELAND
OGDEN. Utah, Oct. IS.— One of the bold
est hold-ups in the history of this city
occurred shortly after 11 o'clock last night
when three masked and armed men en
tered the Turf Exchange saloon, located
in the very heart of the business district,
and compelled the bartender and the
dozen patrons of the place to line up with
their faces to the walL One of the rob
bers took $100 from the cash register, an
other rifled tho pockets of the victims,
while the third stood guard.
M. D. Lessingtr, a well known attorney,
who was in the place at the time, insist
ed on turning bis head irom the wall.
For this he was beaten on the head In a
brutal manner, receiving severe wounds.
After taking all the money in sight the
robbers escaped. The exact amount ob
tained was not learned. At the time of
the hold-up the street in front of the sa
loon was crowded with people.
Compel Patrons cf the Place to Face
the Wall While They Bifle
Their Pockets.
T.IASKED AND ARMED MEN
BOB AN OGDEN SALOON
partment has become impaired." No fur
ther explanation as to the Incident is
Z.-G<1*.
Gorman was formerly on the rolls of
the Baltimore custom-house, but more re
• he has been designate*! as a "spe
cial employe." His duties were of a con
fidential character, such as the investi
gation of frauds. His salary was $S a day.
BALTIMORE, Oct. 18.— Secretary Shaw
has Quietly dropped from the roll of em
ployes of the Treasury Department the
name of Cal Gorman, a brother of Sen
ator Gorman. This action when it became
known caused comment in view of the
published criticism by Senator Gorman of
President Roosevelfs alleged Interference
in Maryland political affairs. Some per
sons not acquainted with the facts
jumped to the conclusion that the Sen
ator's brother had been dismissed because
of the attack on Mr. Roosevelt.
As a matter of fact, Gorman was oust
ed before the Senator made the attack,
and there are some politicians who at
tributt- what he said in a New York hotel
to the dismissal of his brother.
Oormar.'s relations ¦with the department
were severed on Thursday, October 8. The
order dismissing; him came from Secretary
Shaw in person. Gorman, It is said, has
made no protest, and none is expected by
the officials. It is further stated that no
fr.rmal charges were filed against Gor
man, but that the Secretary had become
oomrlaced that "his usefulness to the de-
Epccifil Dispatch to The Call.
"Special Employe" Suddenly
Dropped From Depart
ment Payroll.
Cause of Democratic
Leader's Attack on
President.
Secretary of Treas
ury Angers a
Senator.
were financially Interested In the Ameri
can Aerial Navigation Company, which
owns the dirigible balloon. A lease for
one year is held on the apparatus by Mr.
Brubaker.
The balloon, elliptical In shape, was
filled with gas and soon was swinging be
tween the Buy ropes. The envelope was
not fully distended and sagged somewhat
on top, as it was necessary to leave room
for the expansion of the gas as higher al
titudes were attained. Below the balloon
and lashed to it by cordage swung, two
parallel Iron bars, tapering to triangles at
each end.
POWER TO DRIVE SHIP.
Across these were strengthening bars
SHAW OUSTS
A BROTHER
OF GORMAN
DR. AUGUST GRETH SAILS OVER CITY IN AIRSHIP, STARTLING
THOUSANDS OF CITIZENS, WHO GAZE IN WONDER AT SPECTACLE
JOHN BULL
IN ROLE OF
MEDIATOR
Steps In Between
the Czar and the
Mikado.
Obtains Japan's Con
sent to Series of
Proposals.
British Diplomat Vow Nego
tiating With the Russian
Government.
ST. PETERSBURG. Oct 15.— A news
paper published at Port Dalny is author
ity for the report that the British Minis
ter to Japan, Sir Claude Macdonald, has
undertaken to mediate between Russia
and Japan, and, havin? obtained Japan's
consent to certain proposals, is now nego
tiating with Russia. These proposals ar©
that Russia shall restore Manchuria, to
China and that the principal Manchurian
towns be- opened to foreign trade; that
Russia withdraw all her troops from
Manchuria, with the exception of tho
railway guards: that she renounce her
forestry concessions on both siaes of the
Yalu River, as well as the Yonganapho
concession, and that the whole country
south of the Yalu be admitted as belong
ing to the sphere of Japan.
A special commission, under the presi
dency of the Czar, has been formed to
consider affairs in the Far East. It in
cludes the Ministers of the Interior, Fi
pance, Foreign Affairs, War and Navy
and Viceroy Alexieff. Other members will
be nominated by the Czar. The commis
sion will consider budget proposals, meas
ures to develop trade and industry and
proposed alterations in the laws.
LONDON, Oct. 13.— Cabling from Tien
tsin tha correspondent of the Standard
says the Chinese Governor of Shanshi
province reports that General Tucse Fu
Slang is attacking the Russians In Mon
golia. The correspondent explains that
this probably refers to some Interference
with Russian surveying parties on the
Urga-Kalgan railway line.
PARIS, Oct. 13.— Count Cassini, the Rus
sian Embassador to the United States.
has been interviewed on the Far Eastern
situation. The Embassador said that tho
danger of a conflict, which was real a
few days ago, seemed to have been avert
ed, and that if ever a conflict came it
would not be provoked by Russia. Con
tinuing Count Cassini said:
"Our rights in Manchuria are undeni
able. We made the country, which until
quite recently was a mere haunt for ban
dits. We now have a vigilant police there
and. moreover, we have built the rail
road. This does not mean that we Intend
to annex Manchuria, but having incurred
enormous expenditures and having im
mense interests there we Insist that these
be safeguarded, and we expect to realize
our legitimate benefits. The powers un
derstand this so well that none, except
possibly Japan, seriously contemplated
insisting that the evacuation be effected
on October 8."
NEBRASKA DETECTIVE
CONVICTED OP MTXRDEB
Must Suffer Imprisonment for Kill
ing a Prisoner Who Eesisted
Arrest.
AINSWORTH. Neb.. Oct. IS.— The jury
in the Hans-Luse murder case, after
being out seven hours, brought In a ver
dict of guilty of murder in the second
degree. A motion was made for a nev.
trlal and was set for November 6 for
argument.
David O. Luse was shot and killed April
9, 1901. by Fred M. Hans, a railroad de
tective, for resisting arrest on a warrant
charging him with killing a hor3o be
longing to a neighbor. The Coroner's in
quest was held the day of the shooting
and the jury exonerated Hans.
In May, 1903, the Grand Jury found an
indictment charging the defendant with
murder. It was claimed on Dehaif of
Hans, who is one of the best known of
ficers of the Nebraska range country,
that Luse was a desperado. Friends of
Luse alleze that his killing by the de
tective was unnecesary and not Justified.
MEXICAN GOVERNMENT/
TO twattf. INVESTIGATION
Will Look Into Affairs of the Defunct
International Bank and Trust
Company.
City OF MEXICO, Oct. IS.— The failure
of the International Bank and Trust Com
pany of America, which had its main in
stitute In this city, has caused a big stir
in the business and financial circles of
Mexico. It Is reported that the Mexican
Government will conduct an official In
vestigation of the affairs of the concern.
W. H. Hunt, president of the company,
was a few years ago a clerk in a store
at San Antonio, Tex., and he Is a new ac
quisition to the financial world. The fail
ure was not unexpected by the conserva
tive banking element of Mexico, but it
has caught many prominent American
business concerns that had faith in the
solidity of the institution. The failure will
cause the native business and financial
element of Mexico to look with more or
less distrust, upon American investment*
and enterprises In this country.
The San Francisco CallCHOICE i OF; POPE • PIUS - X
FOR PAPAL SECRETARY OF
STATE.
MODESTO, Oct. IS.— More than 900 mem
bers of the Woodmen of the World lodge
participated in a big torchlight procession
and lodge meeting here last night and 164
candidates were initiated. A special train
came from Stockton.
Woodmen of the World Parade.
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 18.— A Turko-
Armenian has been sentenced at Moscow
to ten years' imprisonment for the
assassination of a Russo-Armenian banker
named Jangaroff. who failed to contribute
15,000 roubles to the Armenian national
fund, according to a promise made by him
when he was captured in the Caucasus.
Ten Years for an A was sin.
"his mother being an Englishwoman and
his fath'er^ secretary of the Spanish em
bassy at the Court of St. James. His
father' later became Spanish ambassador
to the Vatican and his uncle was tutor to
King Alfonso XIII.
Monsignor Merry del Val has been
apostolic delegate to Canada, His appoint
ment as secretary of the consistory on
the death of Pope Leo, which carried
with it the secretaryship of the conclave
following, was held to presage further
promotion at the Vatican. When Pope
Leo's secretary. Cardinal Rampolla, gave
up his offlce, Monsignor Merry del Val
was intrusted with the duties of the Vat
ican's foreign office and his confirmation
by Pope Plus X as secretary of state has
followed in due course. • I
REDDING, Oct. 18.— Claude Bowman
made a rapid trip from the Shasta County
hospital to the Tehama County jail last
evening. The young man was shot in tha
leg with his own rifle, while riding in the
Big Bend region In this county. He had
to bandage the limb, ride five miles for
help, then be carried forty miles to a
surgeon, only to wake up in the hospital
here. to be arrested for stealing the horse
lie rode when he was shot.
Wounded Man in Shasta Encounters
a Full Measure of Hard
Luck.
SEEKS SUBOEON'S AID «
AND LANDS IN JAIL
WASHINGTON, Oct. 18.— Commissioner
Richards of the General Land Offlce to
day . gave out the following statement
concerning the policy and practice of the
land offlce io the matter of the withdraw
al of the public lands from settlement:
There seems to be a misapprehension respect-
Ing • withdrawals of public lands from entry
under certain of th« land laws and suspension
of final action upon certain classes of entries
already made. Generally speaking, land is
withdrawn from entry In order to prevent it*
being appropriated In a manner or for a pur
pose not contemplated by the law.
In consequence of a proposed forest re*erv«
a withdrawal Is made of all the land that
will probably be included in its boundaries In
order to guard against speculative entries
made for the purpose of obtaining Hen land.
Withdrawals under the Irrigation act ar«
for the purpose of reserving the land for home
stead entry — the only kind permitted by the
act. and to prevent speculative entries. Land
containing oil or minerals is withdrawn from
agricultural entry as mineral lands and are
sold in smaller quantities and at higher prices
than farming lands.
Occanionally certain areas are withdrawn
from entry under the desert land act upon evi
dence that the land Is not arid land and un
productive without irrigation, which alone can
be taken under such act.
Final action Is often suspended upon In
dividual entries or a class of entries In certain
localities pending an investigation as to
whether or not there has been a complianca
with the requirements of the law. There* is
no withdrawal of land in this connection or
any suspension of the law nor Interference
with entries properly made.
In November, 1802, ther* was such a suspen
sion of final action upon entries made under tha
timber and stone act in Washington. Oregon
and California. This suspension ¦ was made
upon evidence of collusive entries In thosa
States whereby individuals and corporations
were obtaining title to large areas of valuable
timber land, whereas tha law provides tha
entry shall be made for the exclusive* use and
benefit of the entryman.
That this action did not hinder or Interfere
with nntrles under this net Is shown by tha
fact that white there were 2197 timber and
stone entries made in the States named during
the Steal year ended June 30, 1902, there wera
6145 such entries made In those States during
the fiscal year ended June 30. 1903. and of this
latter number 3544 entries were made after
January 1, 1903, while the order of suspension
was in force, while but 2197 such entries were
made in the entire fiscal year 1002.
As fast as the entries in these States can b*
examined all of those which have been properly
made are passed to patent, while the suspen
sion continues as to the others pending a hear
ing in the local land office. No cancellation
is made upon report of a special agent until
opportunity for a hearing has been afforded
tha entryman. : ,
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 18.— It is believed by
the police that the mystery of the mur
der, of Mrs. Kate Lauman, whose body^
was found lying by the roadside near
Normandy oh Thursday, has been par
tially solved through the suicide to-day
of. John Williams, a negro, arrested late
last night as a suspect.
Williams, who said he had recently
come from Mississippi, made, several at
tempts; to sell a revolver yesterday and
this'. aroused: suspicion. He was taken
into, custody, and placed in the Clayton
Jail last n'Kht. He asserted his inno
cence, 'but finally, under severe question
ing, made the remark, "Well, th«re are
others in this. I Will tell you more
about It to-morrow."
A small fire occurred near the jail this
forenoon and caused some excitement.
After it had been extinguished. Sheriff
Hencken went to Williams' cell to ques
tion him and found the prisoner dead.
He had hanged himself. It is thought
that the e xcltemflnt caused by the flre
alarmed Williams into a belief that a mob
was approaching the jail to lynch him,
and he quickly hanged himself with a
sheet. His body was warm when dis
covered.
Acting on the possible clew uttered by
Williams, the police are now searching
for othors implicated.
The body of Mrs. Lauman was buried
to-day.
Makes Public the Reason for
Withdrawing Tracts From
Settlement.
Fearing He Was About to
- Be Lynched He Ends Life
by Strangulation.
Commissioner Richards
Issues Important
Statement.
Murder Commits
Suicide.
Negro Suspected of
EXPLAINS POLICY
OF LAND OFFICE
HANGS HIMSELF
IN PRISON CELL
Monslgnor Merry del Val is the young
est member of the Sacred College, being
only 88 years of age. He has had consid
erable experience in the diplomatic rela
tions of the Vatican and in the closing
days of the Pope Leo XIII pontificate was
mentioned' as, likely to be nominated nun
cio to Vienna. He was born In London,
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Taka Laxative Brcmo Quinine Tablets. All
druKKleU refund the money If it falls to curt
U W, Grove's Eignatur* is pa «ach box. 23c •
MACON, Mo., Oct.' 18.— A proposition from
the Cumberland Presbyterian Church to unite
with lt.waa presented to the congregation of
the First Presbyterian Church to-day, and It
was later voted unanimously to accept It.
BUTTE. Mont.. Oct 18— A Miner spe
cial from Idaho City, Idaho, says that a
party of mail carriers from the Thunder
Mountain mining district has arrived
there, bringing: reports of an extremely
heavy fall of snow In the mountains. In
the Chllcoot Pass the snow fell to a
depth of six feet. It was only after the
greatest effort that the carriers were
able to make their way to Idaho City,
six of their horses perishing while en
route.
Snowstorm on Thunder Mountain.
Monsignor Merry del Val was secre
tary to the conclave which elected Pius X
on Tuesday, August 4. After the newly
elected Pope had accepted the choice of
the Sacred College and had donned the
white robes of his office, Monsignor
Merry del Val, by. virtue of his office,
knelt before him and offered the papal
white cap. With a slight smile Pope Pius
X, who Just before was known as Cardi
nal Sarto, took the white cap and dropped
his red Cardinal's cap upon the head of
Monslgnor Merry del Val. This custom
denoted that the recipient would shortly
be raised to ¦ the Cardinalate. 1 -
ROME, Oct. 18.— The Pope has ap
pointed Monslgnor Merry : del
Yal Papal Secretary of State.
The announcement of this f ap
pointment was made in a letter
presented by the Pope to Monslgnor Mer
ry del Val. The nomination, . however,
will not be made officially until the next
consistory, when the Monslgnor, will be
made a Cardinal also. '
MONTREAL. Oct. IS.— E. J. Edelson. J. H.
Edelson. Robert Exlelson and Mrs. E. J. Edel
eon ef Chicago, arrested here on a chancre of
defrauding their creditors In Chicago of about
$110,000. liave consented to waive extradition
proceedings and will return' to Chicago.
HONOLULU, Oct. 18.— The steamer
Isleworth left for the Gilbert islands to
day with 200 Gilbertese, the last of the
t rveral thousand imported during the last
twenty-five year* for plantation labor. As
laborers they have proved unsatisfactory.
Many of them are destitute and have been
trying to return home for a long time.
The expense of chartering the Isleworth
Is partly borne by private subscription.
Imported Laborers Are Sent Home.
AL.TOONA. Pa., Oct. IS.— The Pennsyl
vania Railroad has issued orders to cut
down the force in the Altoona shops 10
per cent, which will necessitate the sus
pension cf POO men.
Drops Hundreds of Men.
An early morning "sacrifice of praise
and prayer" was held In the garden, when
COOO persons were In attendance.
Dowie filled the garden to-night with an
audience which equaled the great throng
at the afternoon meeting. In a lengthy
Invocation he implored divine blessing on
the mission of the host, on the workers
and on the metropolis. The Invocation
was followed by the hymn, "All Power Is
Given Unto Thee." .
Mrs. Dowie, known to the followers of
her husband as "Overseer. Jane Dowie,"
read from the Gospel of St. Mark the
first chapter and the first fifteen verses.
Dowie made a long prayer, at the close
of which many hundreds of persons left
the building. Dowie again remonstrated
with those who were leaving and asked
them to do him the courtesy to remain
until the end of the meeting.
The subject of the discourse was "Re
pentance," and Dr. Dowie's text was from
Scriptural passages having reference to
the teaching and promised teaching of
Elijah.
The general overseer asked every one
who wished to repent and wished to • be
paved to rise, and many responded. The
meeting closed with a hymn, the benedic
tion and shouts of "Peace be unto you,"
and "Peace unto you be multiplied."
Pome will go away and say. "I don't like
Dowie He puts his wife on the platform with
him." Why should not I put my wife on the
platform? She can talk better than I can,
particularly when we are alone together. On,
what fool* the churches have been! They
have let the 1 devil get the women. They have
lrt them go -on the stage and dance and sing.
It=n't-lt time we had the women singing , for
Jesus? I
"Yes,*' responded his followers In one
voice.
Oh It Is rood to know that God has not
ceased to knock at the human heart, to knock
at the doors of homes, to knock at the doors
of workshops, at the doors of places of busi
ness the doors cf business institutions, at the
doers of the municipality, at the door* of halls
of legislation, at the doors of princes and of
presidents and of kings. Thundering at the
door of the world Is th« king of kings. And
In his name I stand before you to-day and eay,
"Open that door and let the spirit of God In.
A murmur of "amen" went up from
his followers.
After a reference to Christ and the
woman of Samaria, he continued:
They began to aak who Christ was. Is not
he the ton of old Joseph the carpenter we all
know? This is Jesus, th« son of old Joseph.
And they talked with each other. And they
told him to get out of there, and he stood
etill And -If you say to me In New York.
"Get out of here." I won't get. They said to
mo in Chicago they i would drive me out of
the city, but I told them the only way th*y
could drive, me out would be by killing me
and driving me out In & hearse. Bless, your
life I am the only minister forty-two mile*
from Chicago that newspapers hunger to get
even a word from. At the last Mayoralty elec
tion both candidates came to me to back them
up In the fight, and perhaps I might b« a help
to on* side or the other in New York yet., I
have not made up my mind about it yet.
I have a message for the press to-morrow and
I will give It. a. lick it will never forget.
GOES AFTER THE CHURCHES.
With his arms above his head, in a
shrill voire that reached the farthest
parts of the garden, he cried:
Now. the people who hav« gone away they
could not have gone because of what I said,
for I was reading what God eald.- Ears they
had. but they heard not. I am going to make
them hear. . ,
Dowie strode across the platform and
pointed his finger, shaking it- at the
woman to whom he 6houted. Then he con
tinued: . ¦ .- : .:.
"Well, let us keep the auiet audience
we have," said the preacher. Dowie took
his text from the third chapter of the
Book of Revelations, the twentieth verse:
Behold, I stand at the door and knock. If
any man hear my voice and open the door I
¦will -come Into- him and will, sup with, him
and he with me.
Then walking back and forth In front
of his pulpit, he began:
Eye« have they, yet they b*« not. Ear* have
they, yet they near not.
I shall esk the gentlemen of the press to be
have and not to talk. I am not one who. Is con
cerned much about the audlei.je he speaks to,
but I am going- to have a quiet audience now,
you'd better believe. EH down, madame, you
just cit down.
No on* entered
SCOLDS HIS AUDIENCE.
The pervice of prayer opened with the
Invocation, by Dowie. followed by the
singing of' a hymn, during which the
crowd continued to pour into the garden.
This was followed by the recital of the
creed and the Commandments and the
reading of Scripture, during which hun
dreds of persons started to leave the hall,
creating much confusion. The exodus
continued, in sDlte of repeated orders to
close the doors, until nearly a third of
the audience had departed, many of the
vacant seats being filled with the waiting
crowd outside. After order had been
somewhat restored. Dowie said:
If this Is New York and this la a. typical
New York con&re*a.tion 1 am In the face of a
new experience. I think that some of the
people that came in thought this was a Buf
falo Bill Fhow. I wonder If the congregations
of the church here enter and leave a* they
I lease? I reckon vee have learned something
and will be orepaxed hereafter. There will be
no more coins; out of the front door. If any
have remained outside let them In. It seems
a i-hair.e they have not the seats the Buffalo
Bill persons hava left.
The procession ascended to the platform
where the choir took position behind the
pulpit and the officers occupied the places
at the sides. When those on the plat
form had taken their places Dowie as
cended the platform, accompanied by
Overseers Daniel Bryant, J. G. Excell,
A. J. Gladstone Dowie, J. G. Splgner, G.
E. Mason and "W. Hammond Piper, who
took their places behind the pulpit In the
order In which they ascended the rostrum.
Dowie wore the usual white robe with a
black robe above' It.
NEW YORK, Oct 18.— FiT» thousand
persons were turned away from. Madison
Square Garden ' this afternoon after all
the seats in the building had been filled
with a CTeat crowd curious to see John
Alexander Dowie on his first appearance
before a New York audience. Fully 14,000
persons were In the Garden at 2:30 o'clock,
when the services began with the proces
sional bvmn which the- Zion white-robed
choir, to the number of about 600, and
the capped and gowned ordained officers
of the Christian Catholic church In Zlon
took part.
At Marshall a man who was put on as
messenger at New Orleans was escorted
to the hotel by the agent there, accom
panied by a jeering crowd. When he
reached the howl counter tome one
struck Mm and the hotel proprietor threw
a cup of hot coffee in his face and or
dered him out. The express strikers fin
ally pot him and he was ' persuaded to
leave town.
Large crowds met every train at Long
View and prevented any attempt to load
or unload express matter. On most of
the cars there- are no messengers.
SHERMAN, Teac. Oct. 18.— An injunc
tion aeaintt striking employes of the Pa
clflo Express Company and their asso
ciates has been granted In the United
State* Court here, and an order has been
Issued to enjoin men to desist from In
timidating or-usin^ violence to -prevent
other employes ol the company from per
forming their duties at Texarkana, Mar
shall or Long View.
Men Who Quit Work Must
Not Interfere ; With
Their Successors.
Creat Confusion Is - Caused
by Hundreds of Persons
Leaving the Hall.
Grants the Petition of
the Pacific Express
Company.
Zionist Holds Services
' in Madison Square
Garden.
COURT ENJOINS
TEXAS STRIKERS
CROWDS GATHER
TO HEAR DOWIE
THE SAN FBANCISCO OAIili, MONDAY, OCTOBEB 19, 1903.
Pope Pius Announces His Choice for Im
portant Post and Nomination Will Be
Made Officially at the Next : Consistory
MONSIGNOR DEL VAL SELECTED
FOR PAPAL SECRETARY OF STATE
2
DOAITS KIDNEY PILLS.
imEAVE THE COT ;
¦
Plenty of Proof Hleht Here In San I
Francisco.
Claim is one thing, proof another.
Columbus claimed the world was round.
Did people believe It? Not until he
proved it.
Unproven claims have made the people
ekeptics.
Every claim made for tha "Little Con-
queror" Is proven.
Proven In Ban Francisco by local ex-
perience. :
Here is one case from the many we
have:
Mrs. Catherine Bartiett of 2730 Twenty-
f.rEt etreet says: "I have used many dol-
lars' worth of medicine guaranteed to
cure kidney complaint during the last j
peven years, but I must confess the ben- !
efit I received from the most of it was !
Infinitesimal. My trouble dates from over- j
work when nursing my late husband !
through his final sickness, and it is very I
difficult to adequately express what I
really endured. Knowing that trouble ;
•with the kidney secretions is always a
Btsre indication of inward trouble with the j
kidneys, I had not the slightest doubt j
about the cause of the complication, but 1
what to do to etop it was a mystery. I
Doan's Kidney Pills came to my rescue
ct a time when porely required. It took '
three boxes to bring good sound health, j
but I consider the money well Invested."
For sale by ell dealers. Price 50 cents.
Foster-Milbum Co.. Buffalo, N. Y., sole
agents for the United States. ¦
Remember the name, Doan's, and take
no Fubstltute.
POLITICAL CARDS.
For
Mayor
HENRY J. CROCKER
Republican
Nominee
|For Public Administrator!
William E, Lu!z|
j Republican Nominee |
For Tax Collector
Edward J.
SMITH
(INCUMBENT.);
Regular Republican Nominee
Fbf Assessor:
irASHMTiDOIE
Democratic Nominee.
For Sheriff
Peter J. Curtis
Chairman Street Commltte« of Present Board
of Supervisors.
Democratic Nominee
Union Labor Party Nominee,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
EAGLESON «S CO.'S
I FALL OPENING
UNDERWEAR
HOSIERY
- NECKWEAR
. FANCY SHIRTS
NIGHT ROBES
Etc. _
ALL THE LATEST
PRODUCTIONS
OF EUROPE AND AMERICA.
RELIABLE GOODS.
RIGHT PRICES.
748 and 750 MARKET ST.
242 MONTGOMERY ST.
Pale babies become rosy and
pretty babies when fed on
Mellin's Food. Mellin's Food
strengthens.
70 beautifully printed cages of helpful hlnta
•bout "The Care and Feeding of Infants,"
bound in doth, will be seat you free if you
ask for it.
MELLIN'S FOOD CO.. BOSTON, MASS.
f V: SOLO EVERYWHERE.
UILEEKT MEKCANTLLE CO..
Pacific Coast A rents.
|L^ FAVORITE
fl FOR WEAK WOMEN.
UNITED STATES BRANCH
STATEMENT
OP THE
CONDITION ANB AP7ATB3
OF THE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HAMBURG. E* THE STATE OF OER-
many, on the 31st day of December. A.
D. 1902. and for tha year ending on that day.
as made to the Insurance Commissioner of th<*
State Of California, pursuant to the croviskn »
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Cbde.
condensed as per blank furnished by th» Com-
missioner.
ASSISTS. ¦ *
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company ~..M29.8nO 00
Caah in Company's Offlce 4.747 21
Caah in Banka 27.797 5O
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 3,3*3 00
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion ....' 81.S3T 31
Due from other Companies for re-
insurance on losses already paid.. 324 79
Certificates of Deposit In hands of
United States Trustees 49.000 CO
TcUi Assets .$39«.4O1 93
UABHJTIE3. "~~
Losses adjusted and unpaid... f 820 00
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 13,821 S3
Lorses resisted. Including expenseai 4,133 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning: one year or less. $273,701 76;
reinsurance 60 per cent 137.833 33
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ninz more than one year. $172,810;
reinsurance pro rata OO.STT 63
Commissions and Brokerage due and ¦
to become due 20.S03 03
Total Liabilities ............. .43T7.3u"3j
- ¦ ."- ¦-¦:.¦ ' ' " nJcoam ~ ~ ~"~ :
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $32^653 41
Received for Interest and dividends ,
on Bonds Stocks. Loans and from 1 ¦ '¦'
all other sources .., IS. Ma 03
Tot*l Income -»347.603 43
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding *$«.T11 83. • louse, of Pre-
vious ye*rs) • WJbCffT 73
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage ••— •- M.iH io
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for of fleers, clerks, eto... 13.731 73
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes v. 4.730 10
All other payments and expenditures 13,073 91
Remittance to Home Offlce 433 2 t
Total Expendlturea ....... —«. .1313,340 73
Fire.
Losses incurred during the year >168;423 2a
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premlurcj.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year W.\" » 33 .'X2.«« *«0.K» S3
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year • 33.SC3.506 467.743 19
Net amount la force
December 31. 1902. . 30,411.636 443,014 78
LEO A. LOEB, Assistant U. fl. Manager""
Subscribed and *worn to before me this 2M
day of January. 1903. . . '^
ARTHUR A. LOKB. Notary. Pnblla.
P1CITIC DBPARTMEIT ESTABLISHED IS 1372,
213 Sansome Street,
San Francisco, Cal.
V. C. DRIFF1ELD, Manager.
The WeeklTcS
&g* $1 per Year."
' . . ¦.*: ¦ w , ADVERTISEMENTS.
- •¦• ¦ {_ y. \-~ » s_ , ;Section of Bridge Gives Way and
Tender" and Baggage Car Go
Into the River.
PASSENGER TRAIN NEARLY
DROPS INTO THE POTOMAC
PHILADELPHIA, Oct 13. - Captain
Nielsen of the British Trans-Atlantic
steamship Haverford, which arrived here
to-day from Liverpool, reports having
fallen in with tne coasting schooner Kubla
arid Bessie, with all on board in a weak
ened condition from lack of food. The
schooner was sighted 100 miles east of
Cape Henlopen. Some of her sails wets
gone and she appeared to be in trouble.
A boat with some of the Haverford s of
ficers was sent to the vessel Captain
Marshall of the schooner said he sailed
from Georgetown. S. C. on September 17
for Patchogue. R. L Besides bis crew
he had with him his wife, four children
and a passenger. Adverse wind, drove
the schooner out of her course and her
sails were lost in gales. The entire party
had been without food for four days. The
members of the crew were ¦? weak ttat
they raised distress signals with difficulty.
Captain Nielsen furnished Captain Mar
shall with food, oil and other ship sup
plies and the schooner set her course for
her destination.
TBANS-ATLANTIC STEAMER.
SAVES STARVING MARINERS
Last^night, while a watchman was pa
trolling the track about fifteen miles west
of Helena, heran across a man digging
a hole under the rails. The man ran and
the watchman fired at him twice, but
missed. This morning at 7 o'clock Cap
tain' Keowan and two others took the trail
of the man from the railroad track and
followed It twenty miles Into the moun
tain's, finally capturing him at his cabin.
He was armed with a rifle and a revolver.
He said his' name was Plummer, but the
men knew him to -be Isaac Gravelle. an
ex-convict, released from the penitentiary
In July. He Is the man the detectives
have been hunting for three weeks, his
picture having been identified as that of
the man who was found at a haystack
near Townsend, where fifty pounds of
dynamite was hidden in the haystack.
Superintendent .Boyle and Detective
McFetridge. who have charge of the
work of running down the dynamiters,
are positive Gravelle Is the ringleader in
the outrages.
HELENA, Mont., Oct 18.— Isaac Gra
velle was brought here to-night by a
posse of Northern Pacific detectives and
lodged In Jail on the charge of haVing
been connected with the dynamite out
rages on the Northern Pacific.
Montana Officials Confident That
They Have the Ringleader
in the Recent
Outrages.
Proves to Be the Ex-Oonvict
Seen at a Cache of
Explosives.
SACRAMENTO. Oct IS.— Three white
men and two Chinese employed on a con
struction train In the Sierra Nevada
Mountains axe suffering from injuries re
ceived In a wreck between Cascade and
Tamarack station. In the high Sierra, at
11 o'clock last night. They are J. Long,
carpenter, ribs broken; C. W. Schrader,
carpenter, burned about the face and body
with carbolic add and otherwise bruised;
F. Ackerman. carpenter, slight lnjury
from shock of collision and abrasion of
right leg; Ah King, waiter, lacerated
scalp and brain Injury, may die; All
Louie, cook, contusions over tht body,
seriously hurt.
The men were asleep on a work train
located on a new siding near Tamarack
when their car was crashed Into by a
freight train, which cam© upon the side
track through an open switch. Three of
the work cars were demolished. The lo
comotive plunged on through the wreck
and striking the snowshed toppled over
an embankment, carrying about 100 feet
of the snowshed with it. The engineer
and fireman miraculously escaped Injury.
The freight train was "westbound and
known as No. 213.
Only meager reports were received or
the wreck because of the isolated point
where It occurred and tne story was
broadcast that a large number of men
had bten killed. It Is said several men
asleep In a cabin near the snowshed had
a very close call from death by falling
timber. As the main track was not
blocked the delay to traffic covered only
an hour. All the trains are asraln run
ning while wreckers are at work to-night
lifting the engine upon the track ana
clearing away the debris.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
Open Switch Causes Night
Disaster in the High
Sierra.
Trailed After Tampering
With Northern Pa
cific Tracks.
Five Railroad Employes
on a Work Train
Injured.
SUSPECTED
DYNAMITER
IS CAUGHT
ENGINE DISHES
THROUGH CARS
PEKING, Oct. 18.— The Marconi system of
wireless telegraphy was instituted ' to-day be
tween Pekimr and -the coast. Several Chinese
officials attending the sending the first mes-
Snow Falls in Northern New York.
PLATTEBURG, N. Y., Oct 18.-North
ern New York had Its first snowfall of
the season to-day. The mountains about
Lake Placid, Loon Lake, Chateaugay
Lake and Lake Titua are white with
6now.
Detective Williams pays Clayton ap
peared at the Holland House several days
ago and annoyed women patrons by
speaking to them, shouting through the
dining-room window and making signs.
He was warned to keep away from the.
hotel. I>ast evening he appeared at the
Holland House, but was quiet. He re
mained fifteen minutes and then started
up Fifth avenue. Williams followed him.
He says Clayton went to the Thirty
fourth-street side of the Waldorf, where
ho saw a window open In the dining
room. Four women were seated at a table
near the window. Williams says that
Clayton started to sing "Won't you come
and play with me" and in other ways try
to attract their attention. Clayton would
make* no statement.
NEW YORK, Oct 18.— Harry Clayton,
28 years old. claiming to hail from San
Francisco, was locked up last night on
complaint of Detective Williams of the
Holland House. Williams arrested Clay
ton on the Thirty-fourth-street side of
the Waldorf and alleges that he was an
noying women patrons of the hotel by
shouting at them through an open win
dow of the dining-room.
Man Claiming to Hail From San
Francisco Tenants a New York
Jail Cell.
ABBESTED F0B ANNOYINQ
• HOTELS' WOMEN GUESTS
The Union Pacific, it is said, finds the
Santa Fe too strong a competitor for the
business from Chicago to the Pacific
coast. It has been known in Omaha for
some time that It Is eager to make a com
bination such as James J. Hill tried when
he formed the Northern Securities Com
pany and obtained control of the Bur
lington.
OMAHA, Oct. IS.— It is reported here
that the Union Pacific has obtained a
lease of the Atcblson, Top|ka and Santa
Fe road. At the Union Pacific general of
fices the report was neither affirmed nor
denied.
6peclal Dispatch to The Call,
Deal Is Said to Have
F : en Made by Union .
Pacific. "¦¦'•'¦
HISTORIC OF AIRSHIPS.
Successful Flights Have Been Made
by Several Inventors.
Experiments with flying machines and
airships have been In progress for at least
seventy, yetfrs, though the practice proba
bly dates back even further. Hundreds
of aeronauts and inventors have striven
to solve the vital question, yet not until
recent years have the much talked of air
craft been navigated with any degree of
success,
M. Santos-Dumont, the daring Brazil
ian aeronaut, is perhaps the most suc
cessful. Inventor and manipulator of fly
ing machines; that ever lived. Next : to
Dumont rank Stanley Spencer of London,
Lebaudy, the .noted French aeronaut;
Herr Schwartz of Germany, Professor
Langley of the Smithsonian institution
and Carl E. Myers, the balloon builder of
Frankfort.- NY. V
.Each, one of these men has come before
the gaze of the public within the last ten
years and each has met with more or less
success in operating v his own particular
style of machine. , The theories of each
inventor differed widely and their , ma
chines were all patterned and operated on
different lines.
Santos-Dumont made his first ascension
in Paris In 'September, 1898. The initial
trial was not altogether a success, but the
young inventor ," did , hot [ lack , the energy
and t staying' qualities,' iso ' ten " days later
he i again experimented • with his ; machine
and this time he successfully sailed; about
After the release of the gas I tried ; to get
the motor working again, but could not. I
had picked, out a spot in the Presidio where I
Intended landing, but was : caught in a cur
rent of wind and carried out over the straits.
Had my motor been working I could . have
landed handily on the very spot I had chosen.
While I was In the air I could see far out
on the ocean and to the • foothills In ¦ the east.
I watched the people below me, mere ; specks
on the earth, and was much amused at ; their
gestures of wonder at my appearance. ;\The
Journey and what it has demonstrated made
me the happiest. man in the world/ ¦ .
As soon as I c£h get a proper motor I am
going to give the. people of San Francisco an
exhibition of aerial navigation, that will sur
prise them. A motor such as I want'. will cost
The other facior was in the balloon itself,
which lacks automatic expansion valves, such
as Santos Dumont's balloons are equipped
with. At an altitude of 2000 feet the gas in
the envelope expanded rapidly under the hot
rays of the sun and j the breakdown In the
motor rendered . the propellers powerless ' to
drive me down to the earth. Under these cir
cumstances I was compelled. to let gas out of
the balloon In order to avoid reaching too
great a height. This was, a tedious process,
as I had fo unlash the mouth of the balloon
and after a sufficient volume of gas had es
caped, lash it up again. Before I did this the
balloon was tense with expanded ¦ gas and I
was afraid that in the higher altitudes the
added pressure might burst the envelope..'
MOTOR REFUSES TO WORK.
For the greater part of the time that I was
in the air. the balloon was entirely under my
control. It would have been entirely so ex
cept for two factors. In the first place my
motor failed, me, as It has done before. It is
a gasoline motor, weighing COO pounds, and
nominally of ten horse- power. As a matter of
fact It ' develops only six horse-power. ; Under
pressure it stopped working yesterday when
I was at an altitude of 2000 feet.
We are all poor men and we have to guard
against unnecessary expenditures. All we have
In the world has been put Into this project
and it has been hard scraping for all of us
to get funda to go as far as we have.
The ascent in a large sense was successful.
It demonstrated beyond a doubt the practica
bility of my plans for an airship. Defects in
the motor and crude appliances in the balloon
caused the descent to be somewhat disastrous
and In an undesirable place, but those are
matters that a little money will remedy. I
never enjoyed anything in my life as I did
the trip across the city. One cannot imagine
the feeling of exuberance and freedom enjoyed
when one feels that he can sail through the
air at any altitude desired and pilot his craft
as he wills.
PROMOTERS POOR MEN.
I feel splendidly after my trip. I' suffered
not the slightest inconvenience except that I
got wet to my waist when the • ship settled
in the bay. The reason I descended there was
a question of expense.. I could readily have
kept on and landed on the Marln County shore
or over In Oakland, but the expense of bring
ing back our ¦ apparatus from either of those
places would have been ten times greater than
It was from the Presidio. .
When seen at his home yestorday after
the ascent he talked readily and interest
ingly of the trip and his ambitions. He
said: ,
In manner he is unassuming but terribly
in earnest. For twenty years he has dab
bled In aeronautics and has patents for
nine airships granted to h:m by the Unit
ed States. He is no dreamer or visionary
enthusiast. What he knows of voyaging
in the air he* hfis learned by deep study
and experience and he is certain that the
problem of navigating the atmosphere
needs only a little capital for Its complete
solution.
hauled back to the starting point at Mar
ket and Eleventh streets.
The trial trip, unheralded as it was, was
the "most remarkable and successful ex
periment in aerial navigation that has
ever occurred either in this country or in
Europe. It surpassed In many ways the
feats of . Santos Dumont and Stanley
Spencer and demonstrated beyond a doubt
that an airship can be constructed ac
cording to the plans of Dr. Greth that is
easily dirigible and practicable, and which
will carry passengers at a high rate of
speed.
Ur.til yesterday the inventor and navi
gator of this new craft was practically an
unknown man. Except to a few enthu
siasts who aided him in his labors the
name of Grcth will be strange to aero
nauts. By profession he is a practicing
physician and lives with his family in a
modest flat at 303 Jones street. He is an
Alsatian by birth and about 42 years old.
He is a graduate of a college in France
and also won a degree from the University
of California.
As^farbacK as 1S22 James Bennett, a
Philadelphia man, invented a flying ma
chine,' but he never perfected, it sojthat
it ! could'. be operated with any degree of
safety. -He applied to Congress for .the
exclusive right - to ; make and sell flying
machines, • claiming '.. to , be the only :' man
that ever brought a flying ,-. machine
fore public. < Congress refused to grant
the and soon after } that Bennett
and -his • machine dropped out ; of sight.
Bennett : Is credited ¦. with making several
ascents in his machine,* but' he died before
it was perfected. .."
Carl Myers,' proprietor of .the noted "bal
loon farm" at Frankfort, N. Y.,' is the in
ventor, of a ; novel balloon machine, egg
shaped, that is propelled by means of
pedals, like a bicycle. Myers has made
several . successful trips " in his machine
and has always been able to command it
with ease. ~'.\_ ' ¦ • " '"/"
The machine made its ascent in Septem
ber, 1307, in the presence of a number of
prominent officers of the Prussian . army.
It arose without a hitch, but the steering
gear became entangled before the machine
made much progress and the engine also
failed to work, so the ship . fell to the
ground and was totally destroyed.
Had Schwartz lived there 13 no doubt
but that his machine would have been a
success. No one knew of . his plans, and
when he died before the machine was
fully completed several of the army of
ficers undertook to work out theories of
their own. They undid much of the work
that Schwartz had spent years at,/ and
therefore the machine was finished on en
tirely different lines, and its failure was
expected by many who had made the
question a study.
The : Stanley-Spencer machine has at-:
tracted much attention lately andits In
ventor has made many successful trips in
It. Spencer's airship Is constructed much
after the lines of Santos-Dumont's. The
principal dlfflculty; its inventor expe
rienced In navigating it was steering and
turning around. He made numerous at
tempts to circle about towers, but most
of them were unsuccessful, as the steer
ing gear of the machine failed to work at
the critical moment.
He continued to build airships from that
time on and completed several more, all
of them being successful. The last one,
in which he flew around the Eiffel tower
last-year, is considered the best that, has
yet been constructed. With this machine
Santos-Dumont has successfully demon
strated that a flying machine can be eas
ily navigated and can battle against the
various wind currents.
Professor Langley's machine has not
been- ho much of a success as that of the
Brazilian's, but the Smithsonian man has
confidence in his ability to perfect his ap
paratus and according to his own state
ment when he remedies a few lesser de
fects It will fly successfully.
Langley's machine is a novel one and
constructed on entirely different lines
from that of Santos-Dumont. It is a huge
kite-like affair, «havlng no gas bag to sus
tain It; with four Immense wings or sails,
and Is operated by motor power, supplied
by a small engine. It cost a small for
tune, to equip the machine and the ex
penditure may be doubled before It is
brought to a degree of perfection.
The airship built and designed by the
late Herr Schwartz was the most ponder
ous ever completed. It was constructed of
aluminum and weighed 5700 pounds. It
was 135 feet long and forty-five feet In
diameter, and its inventor spent many
years in constructing it, but died before
his hopes of sailing the air were realized.
Schwartz" was a noted Prussian Inventor
and his machine attracted widespread at
tention, j He died in 1896, a year before his
machine was given a trial, that resulted
disastrously.
V AFTER* SCHWARTZ'S PLANS.
NAVIGATES SUCCESSFULLY.
the suburbs of Paris for many miles,
though the machine finally gave out.
These two trials gave Santos-Dumont
much experience and soon after, he built
the Santos-Dumont No. 2. This machine
was much more successful than the first
and he made many ascensions in It and
the eyes of the scientific world were soon
turned on Paris and the brilliant young
South American. '
Even with my poor motor I held my machine
yesterday against a 'strong current of wind,
although I drifted considerably. The propellers
my plans call tor are all to be run by one
motor In the body of the car. The French
have succeeded best In making high-power mo
tors of light weight, but there are cheaper
ones made in the United States that will an
swer the purpose In these tests.
For $.1000 I can build a machine that will
be capable of defending the harbor of San
Francisco from the attack of the combined
fleets of the world. It could sail over the .ships
at a height beyond the range of their guns and
drop high-power explosives down on them that
would send them to the bottom In short order.
¦ The spirit of the age demands the solution
of the aerial navigation problem. The needs
of travel call for something 'better than rail
ways and steamships. As the Pullman sur
passes the prairie schooner bo will airships
surpass railroads. Many brilliant ' men have
set themselves to mastering this mode of
transportation and their combined efforts must
prevail. My experiment shows how near we
are to the solution. Within a short space of
time airships . will be as common and an
dirigible as automobiles are now.
I have studied this subject seriously for
twenty years and I have come to the conclu
sion that the only practicable airship la one
that gains its support from some gas lighter
than the air. Flying machine* that are ex
pected to sustain ¦ themselves by their ' own
power I do not expect to see. The Impossi
bility of securing .sufficient sustaining power
in this line of airships without Increasing the
weight in proportion seems to be an insuper
able obstacle. The only ¦ hope for the gasless
airship seems to He in the discovery of some
new force ¦ greater than steam, electricity j or
compressed air. •
But a dirigible airship buoyed up by a
balloon is not a theory any longer. My ma
chine • will answer all requirements If prop
erly equipped, and I expect to attain high rates
of speed and the ability to go through the air
under all kind's of atmospheric conditions In
any direction I please. _.
SAILS AGAINST WIND.
$1000. and with that I will demonstrate con
clusively that I can Ball an airship at will at
a ' speed of thirty miles an hour In a perfect
calm. In favoring currents my speed will bo
increased by just the ':. velocity of the wind.
The ship can be sailed at any altitude desired
and thus advantage can be taken of the dif
ferent currents 1 in the -atmosphere."
What I am telling: you Is not the dream of a
visionary. . I am Intensely practical in this
matter, and I make It a point to underestimate
rather than overstate all that is possible with
my craft. This present machine Is a make
shift and falls far short of what my plans
contemplate. The most Important feature lack
ing !s a proper motor. Samps Dutnont has
a 30-horsepower motor weighing 300 pounds.
If I had that motor I could ko where 1 please
through the air. He also has automatic ex
pansion controllers and has no need to worry
nliout his balloon. The pressure will remain
the tame at every altitude and through every
change of temperature.
Owing to my lack of motive power I was
compelled to do with two propellers and at
tach these to the sides of the car. My plans
call for four propellers, two at each end of
the frame. These can be worked together or
separately and at any desired angle, so that
the siilp can be turned in any direction and
held there even against a strong wind. ,.
Continued From Page 1, Column 6.
DARING NAVIGATOR T^HO STEERED THE AIRSHIP IN ITS FLIGHT ACROSS THE CITY JUST BEFORE HE
STARTED ON HIS ASCENT, AND PICTURE OF THE MACHINE AS IT APPEARED AFTER IT HAD BEEN
RECOVERED FROM THE WATER WHERE IT DESCENDED.
REPORTED LEASE
OF THE SANTA FE
The father of the missing man is hurry-
Ing from Philadelphia. The most plaus
ible theory Is that young Wentz has been
murdered in the mountains as a matter ]
of spite work for his firm hand in deal- (
ing with trespassers on the land of the f
Virginia Coal and Iron Company. It is |
not improbable, however, that kidnapers
are holding him for ransom.
dead, is $5000.
The missing man's brother, Daniel j
Wentz, has Increased the reward for the ]
finding of the young man from $5000 to ¦
C5.000. provided he Is returned alive. The }
reward, if the young man should be found I
BRISTOL, Tenn., Oct. 18.— It is now five
days since E. L. 'Wentz, the young Phila
delphia millionaire, so mysteriously dis
appeared in the mountains of Wise Coun
ty, Va., and notwithstanding a party of
1000 men have been scouring the moun
tains for five days, no clew has been ob
tained.
FBIENDS OF MISSING MAN
FEAR HE WAS MURDERED
No Trace Is Found of Young Phila- ;
delphia Millionaire Who Dis
appeared in Virginia.
PARIS, Oct. IS. — The reopening of
Parliament next Tuesday, after a vaca
tion of four months, excites little atten
tion here. The Combes Ministry has
practically the same strength to-day as
It had at the close of the last session,
and thtre is no doubt that the Govern
ment has a sufficient majority to resist
adverse votes. The main features of the
policy relating to schools and the relig
ious orders have been carried out. A
number of Interpellations, however, are
pending: on the methods adopted by the
Government In closing religious estab
lishments. It Is the intention of the
Government to group the clerical inter
pellations so that all phases of the mat
ter shall be discussed at tht Fame time
and the votinc follow.
Government Has Sufficient Support
to Resist Adverse
Votes.
rBEITCH PABXIAMENT
REOPENS ON TUESDAY
"The D. M. Osbsrne Company Is the j
strongest harvesting machinery concern •
outside the trust. It will be coerced Into j
coming In before the beginning of the J
next harvest." i
On January 1 J. M. Johnson, manager ;
of the McCormick division, is to be placed
at the head of the combined affairs In •
Texas territory, with headquarters In !
Dallas, with Manager Bell of the Cham- j
pion division as, his assistant. A branch '
district will be located at Houston, with !
Manager Ryan of the Deering division in I
charge and Manager Bedell of the Piano |
division to be his assistant. Similar ar- |
rangements are to be made throughout j
the country. \
The combined concerns are to be capi
talized at Jtl20.000.000.
One of the men who are in close touch
with the situation said to-night: - !
DALLAS, Tex.. Oct. 18.— An Important
change is to take place In the affairs of
the International Harvester Company
(known as the harvester trust), on Jan
uary 1. 1901- The change practically
amounts to a domination of the com:
bination by the McCormlck interests.
The present members of the Interna
tional Company are the McCormick,
Hano, Deering. Champion and Milwaukee
companies. Allliave been managed here
tofore as "separate divisions." The news
given out to-night is that a general
merger is practically completed. All of
the divisions except the Milwaukee are
represented in Texas territory, Dallas be
ing the headquarters and central point
of distribution.
Special DUpatch to The Call.
Will Try to Force the Powerful D.
M. Osborne Corporation to
Come Into the
Reorganised Trust to Have
a Capital zat ion v of
$120,000,000.
At the luncheon King Victor Emmanuel
made a speech expressing his admiration
lor the French army and recalling the
days when it had fought side by side with
the soldiers of Italy. He referred again to
the pleasure that he and Queen Helene
had derived from their visit to Paris.
President Loubet replied beflttlngly. '
The King and Queen left for Italy from
the Invalides Railroad station. They were
accompanied to the station by President
and Mme. Loubet and along the route re
ceived enthusiastic demonstrations from
the crowds. Their departure was without
any noteworthy Incident. '
Before his departure King Victor Em
manuel gave $10,000 for the poor of Paris
and 5G000 for Indigent Italians.
PARIS. Oct. IS.— JEClng Victor Emmanuel
of Italy and Queen Helene heard mass
early this morning In the Italian chapel
here, whither they drove without escort.
.At 9 o'clock this morning a start was
rr.ed- for Vlncennes to witness the mili
tary review. The streets through which
they passed were not crowded, owing to
the early hour and a drizzling rain which
continued to fall Intermittently almost
c-'.l morning. Upon arriving at the review
ground King Victor Emmanuel mounted a
horse. Queen Heleae took her place in
1 "resident Loubct's carriage, while Mme.
I-oubet entered the richly decorated
royal stand, where, before the march
passed. she was Joined by the King and
Queen and the French President.
The party returned to "Paris by way of
the boulevards, amid the hearty cheering
of the people. The sun had come out and
The crowds were enthusiastic. At 1 o'clock
the King and Queen drove in full state
to the Elysee Palace, where an elaborate
luncheon was given, all of the g-uests be
ing military or naval officials.
Closer Union of the Con
cerns Now in Com
bine.
Before Leaving Paris Victor
Emmanuel Makes Gifc
to the Poor.
French Troops March
Before Italy's King
and Queen.
HARVESTER
COMPANIES
IN MERGER
ROYAL GUESTS
ATTEND REVIEW
SUCCESSFUL VOYAGE MADE OllER CITY
IN rfltiSHiP BY DR. GRETH, INVESTOR
OF THE MARVELOUS AERIAL CRAFT
THE SAN FKAKCISCOCALt. MONDAY, OCTOBER 19. 1903.
"WASHINGTON, Oct. 18.— The Chesa
peake and Ohio passenger train which left
hero at 11:22 o'clock to-night for Cincin
nati met with a serious accident -on the
long bridge which spans the Potomac
River and connects with the Virginia
shore. About one-third of a mile from
the Washington end of the bridge is a
draw 150 feet in length. To-night as the
train was passing over this draw the
northern half of it gave way and precipi
tated the tender and a dead baggage car
Immediately following It Into the water.
A huge girder which formed part of the
draw fortunately jammed up against the
mall car and helped to keep it and the
remaining cars of the train from going
into the river. No one was. killed, but
Fireman John Woods of Charlotte, N. C,
received a severe gash In the face.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Dyspepsia
and other ftamach trouble*
quickly relieved and in most cases
surely cured by the use of
<* V
This scientific gem iicide is afxeo-
lutety harmless; it subdues the
inflammation of the mucous mem-
brane of the stomach, and by re-
moving; the cause, effects a cure.
Used and recommended by leading phy-
sicians. Take no substttute aud see that
each bott'.e bears my signature. Trial size,
0 1 .00, at druggists cr by mail, frcm
£1.0 Prince St. - ZTew Tcrk
Send j or Booklet.
Rheumatism
Brisfct'a disease, brick dust deposit, bed-
wettin*, gravel, dropey, diabetes.
Cured with jfettgg&k
One Bottle /
fct McBurney's )v> Vtrjw
j Kidney and tj <VW
I Bladder Cure r? [
If Relief In 20 mm- .^V
M utee. Express pr*- ' -«» »'N
m paid $1 SO. Send 25c to \V. F. McBur-
Bf ney for five days" treatment.
R 226 S. Spring et., Los Ange'.es. E«ld
Kg by drurci*ts.
@Vim, Vigor, Vitality for Men.
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been In use over fifty
y«*r» by the leaders of the
Mormon Church and their
followers. Positively cure the
worst cases in old and youn<
arising from effect* of eelf-
abuee, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette smoking. Cure Lost
Manhood. Imnotency, Lost
Power, Xlcht Losses Insom-
nia. Pains in Back. Evil Dcsirec. Lame Back.
Nervous Debility, Headache, irnfltnera to Mar-
t y. Loss of Semen, f-m Varicocele or Con-
Ktipation, Stop Ner rj KB voub Twitchtnu or
Kvellds. Effects are JT» W __ Immediate. Impart
vigor and potency *»*-¦«* » to every function.
Don't iret despondent, a core is at band. Re-
ptore email, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
sh<> > rain and nerve centers: 50c a box: « for
¥2 iO by mall. A written guarantee to cure or
ir.oney refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars free.
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis St..
San Krancisco, Cal. pRANT DRUG CO.. CS
and 40 Third et.
/visit DR. JORDAN'S great ()
')HUSEOEI OF AUlQm\
d Q) :::i:t!xn::T.ts:.8:U7:i,E.r.:i!. h
\ "* " r L*rt;eM Anatomical Mcicum la the \
V e*r~'+>*. *°r*d- UokKuCf at any contracted A
{S3) divave r »»lll.«-l7 e»r»«l frj-thr olden T
O i £z Jjjl - i P <:Cii ''»! CD tke Co«*t- E»t. 36 yean. Q
1 £*8f H DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF KEN A
¦ 12% B Consultation free and jtrirtljr print:. \
* f JJffS R Treatment penonit'j or by Inter. A g
I / Si If f ' 0 " tlrt Cvr * ln «»««T ew* undertaken. \
**F 0 Write for Back. PIXII.OHUrnV«ri§
- • I j 1 * IABBUCK, MAILED FREE. (AT
t I , valuable book (or anra) J,
/ nil. JORDAN * CO.. 1051 M*rk<-t fct.R. P. "
The Schilling's Best label is
never on anything middling.
. Your grocer's; everything
money back.
_*__ .-,_-_,-. J.'," :¦_ . ADVERTISEMENTS.
SHOEHBHj m iffljj BBBjS^g^? -Q 1 '•*'*"ljBK b aV 8BBBDBEHSI
Here is our tailorine proposition in a nutshell. We can and do
make clothes of every style at much lower prices than exclusive tailors.
We can save you from $S to $io on a suit or overcoat
We buy cloth in immense quantities direct from the mills. Other
tailors buy cloth from jobbers. The jobber's profit is tacked on to the
tailor's price; and you pay for it
. Wc-sell you the earments at a fair profit. You pay for the merchan-
dise only. Other tailors make vou pay for their name. This doesn't
make the clothes look better or wear longer.
You get our guarantee, which vouches for fit, material and work-
manship. All our garments are repaired, sponged and pressed free of
charge.
No customer need keep a suit or overcoat after it is made uo. If
he is displeased we will make a new garment at no charge, or, if prefer-
able, refund l his money.
We can't say more or do more to impress you with our values.
In buying here you save money and get protection.
Suits and overcoats made to measure —
Satisfactory fit assured out-of-town customers^ through
our self-measuring system — hvrite for blank and samples.
740 Market Street and
Cor. Powell and Eddy Sts.Tale professors will hereafter be retired
from service, except in special cases, at
68 years of age.
Leather waste -is no longer wasted.
Manufacturers use it in - a compressed
Xorm. instead of iron, to make cos wheels.
B. B. Stanley, a reckless chauffeur, ran
down Captain ''W. W. Barrett at Hayes
and Larkin streets last night and was ar
rested and charged with battery. Barrett
suffered a fractured rib and was treated
at the Emerrency Hospital.
Chauffeur Booked for Battery.
William Crowell of Paola, Kan.,. a dele
gate to the Bankers' convention, lost
$100 in' bills and two $200 drafts on a New
, York bank at the Oakland mole last
night. He took his ticket out. of his
pocketbo'ok and when he opened the book
on this side of the bay 'the money was
missing.' H e - thinks that- he dropped the
bills when replacing his ticket. The police
axe investigating the caso
Banker Loses Drafts and Money.
On the extra prize shooting the follow
ing: members won prizes: A. von Wyl, 69;
Q. R. Hauser, 63; T. Slmmen, 69: A. Stu
der. 66; L. Hauser, 66: E. Deflllppis, 64.
Medal scores— Champion class— A. Stu
der. 408; first class— L. Hauser. 348: sec
ond class— Ed Suter, 3SS; third class-
Charles Muller. 247; O. Brehm trophy,
A. Studer.
The bulleeye shooting of the Gruetll
Shooting Section at Schuetzen Park yes
terday resulted as follows: First prize,
A. Btuder: second, Kd Suter; third R.
Hauser; fourth. L. Hauser; fifth, T. Sim
men: sixth. Von Wyl; seventh, E. De
ftlippis.
Schuetzen Park Results.
K0K0M0. Ind., Oct. 19.-The town of
Galveston is burning. At 1 o'clock the
station agent there, wired news of the
blaze. -which was of Incendiary origin,
then broke off the message with the
words :
. "Can't send any more; the station is
already half burned."
Galveston is a town of 1000 inhabitants.
The Kokomo Fire Department has been
sent thither on a special train.
FIRE IS DESTROYING;
TOWN IN INDIANA
Three other officers are expected to be
charged before the court, with military
offenses. They are Major Arthur Will
iams Colon*! Frank - E. Kimball and
Colonel Fred Gross.
Major Williams is accused of conduct
unbecoming an officer and conduct In vio
lation of military discipline.
¦1 Colonel Kimball and Colonel Gross are
accused of - alleged lrregrularltlea in con
nection with the payrolls and commls
eary contracts.
DENVER. Oct. 18. — Everything Is In
readiness for the general court martial
that is expected to probe the National
Guard .scandal. Governor Peabody de
clares that the lnvestijjatlon will be rigor
ously pushed.
The court will be convened to-morrow
in the Senate Chamber, and unless some
change Is made In the present plan It
will be open to the public. The case of
General John Chase will be taken up first.
$0 far - General Chase is the only officer
against whom charges have been officially
filed with the court. He is charged with
failure to obey orders of the Governor,
conduct unbecoming to an officer and
perjury.
There was some talk of compromising
the whole affair without a trial, under
an agreement with Chase, to resign
shortly after matters had quieted down.
In reply to this rumor. General Chaae
satd: "I shall not resign from the Na
tional Guard. All reports to the effect
that I had ever considered offering my
resignation are entirely false. There will
be no compromise , from my end of the
line'lf such compromise calls for my re
tirement." : ;
This occurred early yesterday afternoon
and for several hours the little ones, igno
rant of the terrible agonies the dying par
ent was enduring, continued to pick the
apples. They then went to the house and
were alarmed to find no sign of their
mother. When the father, a well known
farmer, returned from an adjoining ranch,
he instantly began a search of the ranch.
The woman's body was soon found near
an old well. One of her hands clutched a
strand of a barbed wire fence. She had
evidently wandered about after taking the
poison and had stumbled Into the well. A
few boards had prevented her from
drowning and she was enabled to reach
the surface again. '
Mrs. Munn's home life was most pleas
ant and neither- the husband or children
can offer any theory for the suicide. They
say the woman acted as usual yesterday
and was a good .wife and loving mother.
She was 38 years of age. Tho family was
prosperous and the woman was widely
known and respected. Last winter she
was 111 and an operation was performed
In Spokane. She recovered slowly, but last
June returned to the farm and had stea'd
ily been regaining- her health. ' She was
not. known to be suffering at all in the
last two months.
SPOKANE, Wash., Oct. 18.— After car
rying luncheon to her three little children
who were gathering fruit in the apple or
chard near their home, Mrs. Jacob Munn
of Waverly tenderly bade them good-by,
walked a few hundred yards to a corner
of the orchard and took strychnine to end
her life.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Case of General John
Chase Will Be Taken
Up First.
Mother Takes Poison
After Bidding Them.
Dr. Alexander J. Mclvor-Tyndall's psy
chological lecture on the subject of
"Money— The Psychic Law Governing It"
attracted an excellent audience to Stein
way Hall last evening. The lecture
proved to be a practical and conservative
exposition of the' money question viewed
from the standpoint of a man who has
made a life study of the questions that
affect human character and spiritual pro.
gress. Dr. Mclvor-Tyndall's views are
alwaj-3 Intensely interesting, and from the
hypothesis of mental science no doubt
they are also practicable. He holds the
idea that as "man has dominion over all
the earth" he is able at all times to cre
ate that which Is needed for his progress
and happiness. This he considers literal
ly, and he believes that one can so use
his own psychic and mental powers as to
attract to himself money, which Is merely
a substitute for' all material things, at
will. The lecture was well received, as
have been all the lectures of the series
given here by the celebrated scientist,
the audience being: particularly enthu
siastic over the truly wonderful demon
strations of psychic power exhibited by
the thought-reader. Next Sunday even
ing Dr. Mclvor-Tyndall will lecture on
"The World Invisible."
Lectures on Money.
MILITIA SCANDAL
IS TO BE PROBED
SAN DIEGO. Oct. IS. — Don Jose Antonio
Altamirano. a pioneer of this part of the
State and at one time an extensive land
owner, died at 2 o'clock this morning at
his home in Old Town, surrounded by his
family. He was a native of Mexico,
where he was born sixty-eight years ago.
but he had been a resident of Old Town
since 1S49. He leaves a family of six
daughters and three sons, one son and
one daughter being resident* of the City
of Mexico. At one time he was quite
promintnt and well known among the
old-time residents of the State.
Death Calls Prominent Mexican.
• SAN JOSE. Oct. IS.— Abram King, a
prominent citizen and pioneer resident,
died here to-day after several weeks' 111
.neps. He was a native of Cayuga County,
N. Y.. aged 78 years. He was formerly
vice president of the First National Bank
f>n<l president of the Santa Clara Valley
Agricultural Society. A wife, one .daugh
ter. Mrs. A. II. Hart of this city, and a
fon. residing in New York, survive him.
Santa Clara County Pioneer Dead.
Lyric Hall, on Eddy street, was crowd
ed to the doors last night by members of
Cremleux Lodge No. S25, I. O. B. B., and
their friends, the occasion being the
twenty-second annual ball held under the
auspices of the lodg-e. The hall was beau
tifully decorated for the occasion and the
newly remodeled room presented a very
pretty appearance.
A superb string: orchestra discoursed
music and the floor was crowded with
merry couples all evening. The ball was
one of the most successful ever held by
the lodge. The following committees had
the affair in charge:
Arrangement* — A. S. Feldman (chairman),
H. GutstKdt, William Ussner, H. Loewy, B.
Weicskopf. H. C. Ratow«ky, Sam S. Green, I.
P. Strassburger. Joseph Vestelnlk. E. H.
Morris, Ixmls Abrams. M. Blaekfleld.
Floor — H. C. Ratowsky. I. Vettelnlk. A. M.
May. I>r. M. L. Green. M. Calmy, B. Braun
stein, S. Jacobs, M. Frucht, A. Max.
Reception — 8. Fromholx (chairman). Dr. J.
Bayer. P. Flatow, M. Kahn. B. Blaekfleld. A.
Morris, M- Bchwartr.
mieux Lodge, I. O. B. B., At
tracts Merry Gathering.
Twenty-Second Annual Ball of Cre- i
LARGE CROWD PRESENT
AT ENJOYABLE DANCE !
Miss Clarke, in affidavits, charges that
whisky Is being freely sold on the reser
vation and that gambling is common.
Miss Clarke attributes the recent mas
sacre to Little Plume being crazed by
liquor.
Miss Clarke Is a daughter of Malcom
Clarke, the pioneer friend of the Peigans.
who married one of the tribe and was
later murdered.
BUTTE, Mont., Oct. 18.— A Miner spe
cial from Great Falls says that as a re
sult of the massacre of seven .Indians on
the Blackfoot reservation a wetk ago by
Little Plume Miss Helen P.' Clarke, former
Superintendent of Schools for Lewis and
Clarke County, has preferred charges of
maladministration against Major J. H.
Monteath, agent of the Blackfoot (Peigan)
reservation.
Recent Massacre on Blackfoot Reser
vation Said to Be Due to His
¦ Neglect.
CHARGES. ARE PREFERRED
AGAINST INDIAN AGENT
The New Century Wheelman 6i tb*»
city defeated the Eden Cyclers of Hay
wards In a fifty-mile relay race yester
day over the Haywarda triangle. D.
Mainland of the New Century Wheel
men made the fastest time, riding ten
miles in 22 minutes and 25 seconds. The
total time for the five riders representing
the Sew Century Wheelmen was 2 hours
3 seconds. The E<1en Cyclers' time was 2
hour3 1 minute 56 seconds.
The time of each rider for the ten
miles follows:
Vew Century Wheelmen — L. Hanler.
27*40 1-3; E. E. Bergman. 23:23 4-5; F.
Heuer 23:30; A. Greenlnger, 23:00; I). Main
land. '22:25.
Eden Cyclers — D. Borree. 2»:W>; C. Toyn».
29-:U4-3: A. Smith- 23:53; J. Borree, 23:45;
O. Everett. 22.2!* 1-5.
Rival Relay Teams Are Made Up of
Five Men Each Riding
Ten Miles. >>%,V
NEW CENTURY WHEELMEN
WIN INTERCLUB RACE
ST. LOUIS, Oct. IK. — Members of re
ligious communities and those who had
been close personal friends to-day viewed
the body cf the late Archbishop J. J.
Kain. Although no one was allowed to
look upon the body but those two classes
of persons the halls and parlors of the
! evidence were crowded all afternoon. No
religious service was conducted.
Upon the order cf Archbishop Glennon
the Iwllsi of all Catholic churches in the
jflty will be tolled from 5 to 7 o'clock to
morrow evening and just at dusk the
Ijody of the deceased prelate will be con
veyed to the old cathedral, where it will
lie in state until the funeral on Wednes
day morning. ,
FRIENDS OF DEAD PRELATE
GATHER AROUND HIS BIER
Funeral of the Late Archbishop Kain
Will Take Place Next Wednes
day Morning.
Beatrand"s mind had become weakened
and he took to playing incesianily on
his old violin, when his neighbors com
plained and had him taken tc the hos
pital last Tuesday. He refused to go unill
he was deluded into believing that he was
needtd at the Metropolitan Ops-.* House,
but even then he insisted on having a
violin, and he would only go into the.pa
vll'on when he was given a vloiin by- one
of tho doctors.
NEW YORK. Oct. 15. — Alme Charles
Beatrand, a famous ballet master who
had charze of the ballets for a number
of years In the Alhambra Music Hall In
London, and in th« Auditorium Theater
in Chicago, and also of the ba'lats of the
"Black Crook," "Babes in the Wood."
and other well-known productions In this
country, died to-night In the payonopathic
ward in Bellevue Hospital.
FAMOUS BALLET MASTER
DIES IN AN INSANE WARD
Curtain Rings Down for Aime
Charles Beatrand, Well-Known
Here and in Europe.
Manager Vosmer has decided to donate
all next Sunday's receipts to the widow
and children of the unfortunate aeronaut,
W. Beale, who was killed while making
an ascension one week ago. Mrs. Beale
and babies are In destitute circumstances
and a large sum will no doubt be given
them.
Of the thousands of people who were at- j
tracted to the park and beach yesterday I
afternoon, a large proportion visited the t
attractions at Coney Island. The vau- j
deville programme was excellent and !
entertaining and included Ed Carter: !
Mendel, the Dutch Jew; James Dalton and |
Vic Lewis, in specialties, and Castro and I
Mindel. All are artists and won applause. !
The balloon ascension made by Claude !
Ware, a soldier in the United States army. |
was spectacular and appreciated by the i
crowd.
Next Sunday the concession "The Birth
of Christ," which, in point of excellence,
cannot be rivalled in America, will bo i
threwn open to the public It portrays, In 1
model, all of the events attending the
birth of the Savior and was arranged by
Guiseppi Costano, whose father placed all
the cribs a,nd arranged the statues in St. ;
Peter's, in 'Rome. !
Benefit Next Sunday for Wife and
Babies of Aeronaut Who Was
Killed.
NEW CONEY ISLAND
DRAWS BIG CROWDS
LONDON. Oct. IS.— After having sur
mounted a most difficult settlement with
out disaster the tone of the Stock Ex
change, under the influence of easier
money conditions in New York end Paris
and the disposal of the alarmist rumors
of war between Jaoan and Russia, has
become much healthier and the general
impression prevails that the worrt Is over.
Japanese and Russian securities, after a
rapid decline had as rapid a recovery.
Americans and Kaffirs participated fully
in the general recovery of prices, steel
shares being in demand. After a troub
lous week on adverse rumors from Mon
treal conditions closed much better. The
best prices of the week were hardly
maintained on Saturday, when Japanese
securities had another relapse.
Disposal of Alarmist Rumors of War
Between Russia and Japan Has
Quieting effect.
LONDON STOCK MARKET
IS BECOMING STEADIER
< « »c.
: The statue of Emperor Frederick is the
first" to be erected in Berlin and is the
work cf a seulntor named Bruett. Upon
f Hher-Pide of it are busts of Field Mar
vh'aj; Bluenthal and Professor Helmholz.
.The statue of the Empress, which Is done
ji) white marble, ig by Herr Gerth and
rfprese::ts her wearing a robe of^?rmine.
« crown upon her head and adorned with
the sash of the Order of the Black Eagle,
in accordance with the late Empress* own
¦wishes.
;l<;ror eulogized the life work cf his pa- •
lent? as a happy augury for the future
i f nhe -empire and the dynasty. He then
« ailed upon his guests to empty their
In silence to the memory of the j
•-"After the repast Emperor William de- I
livrred an addreps. hi which he said that
he would best perpetuate the memory of |
his rarcM's activity in the past by read-
Ing come sentences which Councilor Hinz
rietpr had committed to paper, in grate- ;
ful love and reverence for the dead. Hav- J
ing rod these extracts, which referred t
to the tragic fate of Emperor Frederick
nnd tfie sufferings of his consort, the Era-
In fpite of the wet and cold weather. •
b large crowd srathored to witness the j
ceremonies. Th* Emrcror and Empress
deposited t»-rr-ruh)= at the bases of both j
Ftatues and then drove to the castle. 1
whete luncheon was served to the mem- !
mers of the imperial family and their •
foreign "guest*.
BERLIN. Oct. IS.— The statues of the
Emperor and Empress Frederick, opposite
the Brandenburg gate, were unveiled to
day in the prrscr.ee of Emperor William
and the Empress, the <"rown Prince and
other imperial personages and a large
essemblage of Ministers, officers and
officials.
KAISER AT THE UNVEILING
OF FREDERICK STATUES
Sculptors' Tributes to Former Em
peror and Empress Are Dedi
cated in. Berlin.
. NEW YORK, Oct. lS.-Ispiael Eurlque
Ardnltfas of the Colombian diplomatic
c.qrps has arrived here on route to Wash
.lhjrton with special instructions to Dr.
Irerran. the Colombian Charge In Wash
ington. ArdclegHS pay3 Colombia will
prant a canal concession only in consid
eration of $25.00Ct.(«"«) cash and recognition
.cf-thft' canal mute as Colombian territory.
"If the United States does not grant
our demands we will pimply wait until
.she 'rets ready to comply." said he.
Byec'-aJ I«!-p«tc!j to The Call
PORTLAND. Or.. Oct. IS.— The Rev. J.
John A. Gibson, pastor of the Grand
aveoue Presbyterian Church, is defendant
In a damage suit for $1000 filed in the
State Circuit Court by W. E. Splcer. a
local wheat broker and member of the
congregation, who alleges that the min
ister has made numerous defamatory ut
terances regarding him and has wrong
fully attempted to expel him and his wife
from the church society.
The complaint recites that Gibson re
cently said to a prominent member of the
congregation. "Mr. Miller, don't you
know that Splcer is a bad man and If he
had his Just deserts he would be behind
the bars at the penitentiary at Salem?"
The complaint proceeds to "say that at a
meeting of the church later Mr. Gibson
asked the congregation to grant certifi
cates of dismissal from the church to
Spicer and his wife who were members
in good standing. It Is averred that thij
action on the part of the pastor Vas In
tended to convey the meaning that SpJ
ccr was a bad man and an unfit person
to be a member of the church and that
he should be expelled therefrom.
A number of years ago Splcer went
from Portland to Wardner. Idaho, where
he engaged In the wheat business. He
eventually lost money and turned over
a brick building at Wardner and other
securities to one of the banks. The of
ficers of the bank afterward had Splcer
arrested for disposing of certain wheat
in a warehouse. Splcer was tried and ac
quitted in the State Circuit Court. His
defense was that he had a right to sell
the wheat and* that the bank was more
than secured for the amount he owed it.
Epeeial Dispatch t» Tbe Call.
As soon as he starts General Barry,
with the regiment of troops, will be after
him, and Colonel Duncan must get into
camp the best way he can. He commands
as good an infantry regiment as ever
marched and has the reputation of being
a capable and energetic commander. The
roads have dried out and the weather can
not be surpassed, although the nights are
somewhat cool.
Tho regular troops comprise the Sixth,
Second. Twelfth and Twenty-first Infan- j
try Keglments, eight squadrons each of !
the Fourth. Eighth and Tenth Cavalry j
Regiments, a battalion of engineers un
der Major Leach and the following bat
teries of light artillery: Sixth. Seventh,
Nineteenth. Twentieth. , Twenty-fifth,
Twenty-eighth and Twenty-ninth. The
force is divided Into four brigades of in
fantry, commanded, respectively, by Brig- 1
adicr Generals Grant, Bell and Barry of I
the regular army and* Hughes of the Kan- ¦
fas National Guard. It is. expected that
there will be a greater number of foreign J
military attaches in attendance upon <he j
present series of maneuvers than upon j
any previous military occasion. I
The work for to-morrow will be an at
tack on a rear guard. This is to be com
manded by Colonel Duncan of the Sixth
Infantry, which Is to march out early In
the morning and at 12:30 is to start back
to camp.
FORT RILEY. Kans., Oct. 18.— The
largest military camp ever formed in this
country tn time of peace Is now located
here on the Government reservation.
About 12.000 men are present and by to
morrow it is expected that the total will
be increased to 13.000. The maneuvers will
commence in full strength to-morrow and
continue for a fortnight. The militia bod
ies now in camp and to be here by to
morrow morning are the Missouri provis
ional regiment, the Texas provisional reg
iment, the Second Nebraska, the First
and Second Kansas, the Fifty-fifth Iowa
and Batteries A and B, Kansas Artillery.
Wheel of fortune — G. I>. Valente, M. Fop
plano. E. Efflsslmo. G. Flgone, II Roesl. O.
Casslnelll, F. Demartlnl G. B. Ostlno, A.
Steneri and A. Gulnasso.
Gate— A. Bcaccl. P. Fontana, S. Cicerone, A.
I* Baclgalupl. G. Sbarboro, F. Anflbolo G.
Cordano. M. Canepa and G. BIgnottl.
Dance — F. Demartlnl, A. Devlncenzi, V.
Busalacchl. A. Olmo D Devlncenzi P. Pe
rata and A. Garbarino.
An excellent programme had been ar
ranged, consisting of a tombola, dancing
and an. oration by Fiorenzo Cavagnaro.
Mr. Cavagnaro's address was most for
cible and h© was vociferously applauded.
Th« speaker dwelt upon trials that had
beset Columbus in his voyage to the new
land and the difficulty that he had en
countered in convincing the skeptics so
as to secure sufficient funds to make the
attempt. He reminded his countrymen
that, notwithstanding the natural love
they had for the country of their birth,
they should not fail in their duty as
American citizens. In conclusion he
pointed out that Columbus was guided by
a divine hand on his perilous voyage
across the trackless ocean so that a gov
ernment might be founded where the op
pressed of all nations could find a haven
of refuge and where justice, equality and
liberty should prevail.
The committees in charge of the cele
bration were as follows:
If the shade of Christopher Columbus
had visited Glen Park yesterday it would
have been overcome by emotion at the
splendid manner in which the great dis
coverer's countrymen of the present day
united to do honor to his memory on the
411th anniversary of his discovery of
America, The celebration was under the
auspices of the Garibaldi Guard Mutual
Aid Society and no unpleasant Incident
occurred to mar the day's festivities.
The Garibaldi Guard members, In their
handsome scarlet uniforms and" under
command of Captain Delucchi. assembled
at Garibaldi Hall on Broadway at 9
o'clock, and, headed by a brass band and
followed by the members of the society,
paraded on Broadway, Dupont and Fil
bert streets, Montgomery avenue and
Kearny street. Cars were in waiting
after the parade and an early start was
made for Glen Park.
ENDS HER LIFE
NEAR CHILDREN
LOOKS DOWN REVOLVER.
I was behind the bar In the act of drawing
a glass of beer when some one stepped out
of the little door that leads into the front of
the store. This door Is on a line with- the
space behind the bar so that a man can step
from the front of the store directly behind the
bar In cane there Is a customer In the saloon
part. The men stepped directly alongside of
me and put a revolver almost against my
head. At first I thought that It was some one
In the neighborhood who was putting up a
Joke on me. and I threw up my hand to
ward him off. In doing that I brushed his
mask aside a little and I' saw that he was a
young man with a light moustache and I am
sure that I could recognize him without the
least trouble.
Just as I threw up my hand and knocked
the gun of the first man aside the second
man stepped In through the door from the
•treet. He also had a revolver ready, and
aiming It at me he said: -'Throw up your
hands and quit that or I'll put tome lead Into
you."
I saw that they meant business, and with
The only theory that is advanced is that
the men who held up the saloon at Point
Richmond caugnt a freight train for Oak
land and decided to rob the engineer and
fireman Just before the train reached the
end of Its run. The men who robbed
Kley's saloon at West Oakland are also
supposed to be the ones who held up
Larue A. Cross, a young man, at the cor
ner of Thirteenth and Castro streets later
in the evening.
The first robbery reported was that of
the Kley saloon. This crime occurred a
few minutes before 7 o'clock and it was
reported to the police as soon as the
thieves had left the place. The report of
the robbery of the engine crew of the
freight train was made to the Oakland
police as soon as the train reached the
Sixteenth-street depot, which was nearly.
1 o'clock. The robbery of young Cross at
the corner of Thirteenth and Castro
streets occurred at 2 o'clock in the morn
ing. and was reported almost Immediately
at the City Hall by Cross himself. Word
of the Point Richmond robbery did not
reach this city until this morning.
The robbery of Kley's saloon was
daring, particularly because of the time
of the evenins in which it was done.
Nussbaum, the barkeeper and a son-in
law of the proprietor of the olace, at
first thought that it was only a joke,
but when a second man with a mask and
revolver appeared at another door he
discovered that It was a stern reality
and gave up the contents of the money
drawer, amounting to between $50 and $60.
Nussbaum started to make a fight when
he thought that there was but one man
present, but when the second man en
tered the door directly in front of him
and threatened to shoot he yielded. Nuss
baum tells a very clear story of the rob
bery. He said:
In every' case the robbers were masked
with handkerchiefs over (their faces, and
this, together with the excitement of the
moment, makes descriptions upon which
the police may work very uncertain. In
the case of the robbery of Kley's saloon
at West Oakland, Fred Nussbaum. the
barkeeper, claims that he got a look at
one of the men and would be able to
recognize him.
The most definite clew upon which to
work is In the Point Richmond case.
Deputy Sheriff Moitoza of that place fol
lowed the men who are supposed to have
robbed the Spignelia saloon there into
West Berkeley. There he overtook them
and he claims that he recognized them.
He claims they are Walter and William
Nottingham, the last named being an ex
convict, who goes under the alias of
"Billy Woods." The police are now look
ing for these men, but the clews in the
other cases are very slight.
THEORY OF POLICE.
Masked m»n were coming from all di
rections, revolvers and knives flashed, and
the police upon this side of the bay were
kept on the anxious seat all night, hardly
knowing from what direction the next re
port of a robbery might come. To-day
detectives, special men and Deputy
Sheriffs have been working upon clews
and Insufficient descriptions, with but
little success.
Two of th« robberies were In saloons,
and barkeepers and patrons were made to
surrender- their coin at the muwles of
revolvers. The third was the robbery of
the engineer and fireman of a freight
train and the fourth was an attack upon
a cltisen In a central part of the city of
Oakland.
land, one at the stockyards near
West Berkeley and the fourth at Point
Richmond.
OAKLAND, Oct. 18.— Four robberies
of th« most darlnff and spectacu
lar kind occurred upon this side
of the bay last night, two in Oak-
Le Canada, which is the personal or
gan of the Canadian Minister of Marine
and Fisheries, will say.
Through the treaty Mr. Chamberlain signed
with Mr. Hay, Canada Is compelled to accept
the decision of the tribunal and to submit to
the voice of the majority. In a word, Cham
berlain has given It to us in the neck.
This result had bean s*en from the begin
ning. In accepting the decision of a commis
sion named equally by the two parties to tha
case England plainly indilated a disposition
to no longer sustain the contentions of Canada.
but to sacrlflc them in the hope of securing
the disappearance of a cause of continual
friction with the United States.
Canadians generally did not expect much
from the arbitration; commission. The com
mission was not an arbitration tribunal such
as could be expected to decide on the weight
of evidence, no matter which side suffered.
The three representatives of the United States
were hardly c?en to conviction.
Under the heading. "Canada Is Sacri
ficed," Le Journal will eay in part:
MONTREAL. Oct. lS.-Commenting~up^
on the decision of the Alaskan Boundary
Commission, the Gazette to-morrow will
say.
"Chamberlain Has Given It to Us in
the Neck" the Comment of
One Journal.
PRESS OF DOMINION
BITTER OVER DECISION
It ia possible that this robbery may have
been committed by the men from Point
Richmond. The trail of these men was
lost near where the train robbery oc
curred and the train robbery took placa
shortly after they dropped out of sight in
the darkness of West Berkeley.
The robbery of the engineer and firemen
of a special freight train at the stock
yards was a little out of the run of train
robberies. The thieves secured a little
money and even took some of the clothes
of their victims.
The appearance of the second man set
tled the question of whether it was
business or fun, and four pairs of hands
went up over four heads. One man kept
the crowd covered with his revolver
while the other took $12 95 from the money
drawer. They then searched Mr. Spig
nolia and found a buckskin sack with
$150 in gold coin in his pocket, "which they
took.
"I suppose that you want my gold
watch,' 1 said Spignolia, who expected to
lose everything.
"No. we don't want any jewelry," 6aid
one of the robbers.
The men in the saloon were then warned
not to leave the saloon upon penalty of
being shot as they emerged, and the rob
bers disappeared.
Deputy Sheriff Frank Moitoza was nott
fied in about half an hour, and he secured
a buggy and began to follow the men. He
traced them along Richmond avenue,
which branches, one road leading to Oak
land, the other to San Pablo. Thinking
that they would head for the city," Moitoza
turned toward Oakland and at the corner
ot University avenue and San Pablo ave
nue in West Berkeley he overtook two
men, who .were hurrying on foot and
seemed very much out of breath. He rec
ognized them as Walter and William Not
tingham. The last named served a term
of eight years in State's prison for rob
bing (he Southern Pacific Railroad sta
tion at Walnut Creek and was sentenced
from Contra Costa County under the
name of "Billy Woods."
Moitoza ordered the men to stop, and
when he did they began firing at him.
There was a volley of shots exchanged
without any one being hurt, and the two
men Jumped into a gully and made their
scape. Moitoza thinks that they were the
men that did the job.
THE TRAIN ROBBERY.
These. Jokes did not please the man be
hind tfcii mnnk, who was looking for
money and not for fun. He uttered a few
oaths such as usually go with like pieces
of work, and Just then another man with
a revolver and his face hidden by a mask
entered another door and added his in
structions about throwing up hands.
OBEY THE ROBBERS..
Spignolia runs the Manhattan Hotel,
In what Ik known as the Old Town, and
has a saloon in the building. It was a
little after 10:30 o'clock last night, and
the proprietor wae playing cards with
Joe McAvoy, Mike Phelan and Joe
Brlttan, three employes of the Santa Fe
Railroad, when the robbers entered. There
was no one else in the room except the
four card players, when a man with a
handkerchief tied over his face and a
revolver in his hand entered a door that
was' directly behind Splgnolla. He com
manded: "Throw up your hands."
The men at the table thought that it
was a Joke and one man remarked: "I've
got a hand right here I'd like to throw
up."- Another suggested "Blaze away"
and a third said: "I'd rather be shot in
the back."
They were of medium slse. both dressed in
dark clothes. One wore a' black handkerchief
over his face and the other a white one. The
man with the black mask came in first and
had a blue revolver. The man who came In
second had a white mask and a bright re
volver. The second man seemed to be more
determined than the first one and seemed to
be the leader.
You can Just bet that It was exciting— but
then business has been fine to-day. There are
a lot of people who came down to the sa
loon to see, where the holdup occurred, and
they all spent money. •>
• The holdup of S. G. Spignolia's saloon
in Point Richmond was Just as exciting
as the Oakland incident of similar char
acter.
BOTH OF MEDIUM' SIZE.
two -guns on ma I quit. I am frank to say
that those guns looked as big as cannons to
tne, and when 1 realized that they meant
what they tali) I quit.
They turned tnt. so I factfd the wall, and
one, of them kept his revolver on me while
the other man took all the money them was
in the. drawer, amounting to between $50 and
$60. He also took $8 from Louis Davis, who
was in th* saloon. Joe McCutcheon and Ar
thur Beauchamp. who were also present, had
nothing to glv« up.
The m*n told us that if we moved or tried
to follow them that they would shoot us as
w« cam*- out of the place. We notified the
police by telephone as soon as we got our
breath, but the men were out of sight long
before .that. The men were probably In the
place twenty minutes, and they seemed very
cool and In no hurry about anything.
Lame A. CrDss. pon of a prominent phy
sician of Stockton, who wan stopping at
the Albany Hotel, was held up at the cor
ner of Thirteenth and Castro streets
shortly after midnight this morning. In
the struggle attending the hold-up Cross
received a deep gash on the palm of. the
left hand from a knifo with which one of
the footpads was trying to kill him.
Cross left the hotel nbout 10:30 o'clock,
intending to take a walk before retiring.
He was walking along Thirteenth street
on his way to the hotel when, as he
reached' the corner of Castro street, a man
steppe'd out from the shadow of a tree
ana. throwing out one hand, said: "Throw
up your hands!" What followed is best
told in the words of the young man him
self. He said:
When the thug told me to throw up my
hands, of course I thought he had a gun. and
put up my hands as he ordered. As I did »o
another man stepped out of the shadow and
started to search me. I had about $40 with
me and the thief took this. Then seeing a
silver key chain under my coat, he evidently
thought It might hold a money locket and he
dragged it out. Seeing that It only held a
bunch of keys the fellow gave the chain a
rough J«?rk, breaking it, and handed me back
the keys. Just as he gave me the keys the
man that I thought had- the gun came out of
the shadow. I saw that he had nothing in
his hands, bo I struck the fellow that was
searching me. knocking him down, but in fall-
Ing he managed to grab me and pull me with
him. As I fell I. saw the other man draw
something from under his coat, and tha next
thing I knew he was trylng,to cut me.
He gashed my clothes In several places and
finally made a slash at my throat, but I
caught the blade of the knife and stopped the
blow but when he Jerked the knife away my
hand' was cut to the bone. Then both of them
broke away and ran down Castro street and I
went to the City Hall and gave the alarm and
then had my hand dressed.
I told him to go over and shut off the water,
but ho said: "What do you think I am. a
fool?" -
While we were talking the men got down
from the engine on the other side, and Just
then the head brakeman came along with his
lamp and I heard him say: "What are you
fellows doing?. Get out of there." One of the
men -answered* "I'll show you what we're do
ing. Throw up your hands." Then I saw the
brakeman's light go out and heard him make
a run for the caboose.
Then the robbers hurried away and the fire
man And I went back to the engine. We found
our lockers open and all our street clothes were
gone. I had ?10 in the pocket of my pants,
and of course that was gone, too. Then we
got stoam up and set out the cars and started
for Oakland.
When the fellow that came Into the cab cams
over the tank J noticed that he had a handker
chief tied over his face, but I thought he was
some hobo with a toothache and didn't pay any
attention to the fact. It was so dark on top
ot the tank that I could not tell whether the
others wore masks or cot.
BRAKEMAN MAKES A RUN.
When we came back we climbed up and
looked over the fence and could see the three
men In the cab. The water, had been running
Into the boiler all the time and the fireman
said to m-: "Say. Bob, she'll be pretty full
of water."
In answer he shoved his hand Into his shirt
and pulled a big Colt's revolver and shoved
It Into my fare, saying: "I'll show you what
right I've got to rid*. Throw up your hands.
I want you." „
As he raid this he made a grab for my watch
chain, which showed Inside of my Jumper, but
he got hold of the Jumpcri instead. That made
me think of my watch and I made up my mind
to get away If I could, and I said: "Well. If
ycu want me you've got to get me," and with
that T went head first out of the window.
While the fellow In the cab was talking the
two fellows on the tank had drawn guns and
covered us so I knew it was no use making
a flght. ¦ . ¦
My engine was one of the big compounds,
and it was lucky for me that It was or I could
not have got through the window. When I hit
the ground I Jumped up and run forward In
the shadow o? th* engine till I got to the pilot
and then ran across the tracks toward the
high Doard fence around the ell refinery. As
I got to the opposite side of the engjne I saw
the fireman going for the fence on the run.
When we got to the fence the fireman gave me
a hoot so 1 could reach the top, and then I
pulled him up, and we got down and hunted
around for a watchman or telephone so that
we could get help, but we couldn't find a soul.
The fireman and I were laughing at him be
rause he was 50 clumsy, and as he got on his
feet I said to him: "Who gave you the right
to ride on that tank? 1 ' •
DRAWS HIS REV0LVEE.
WhetTth* robbers itot up on the tank two
of them' stopped and one came on to the cab.
When he got to the end or the tank he turned
his back to us and started to climb down onto
the deck of the engine, but he slipped and fell
Into the cab and in some way got his foot
caught In the box that we use to carry sand
In. and I noticed that he had on high lace
shoes.
-I dldn"t pay much attention to them, as I
thought they were hoboes after a drink of
water or a smoke, for there are always a lot
or them riding with us from one station to
another. They wait until the train starts and
then swing; on and ride until th* brakeman
gets wise and Rives them the run. and when
we stop they often come to the engine and be&
a »moke or a drink of water.
MV« pulled Into the dockyard* slowly, us we
had to Mop there and e«t Out «lx cars of stock.
Just as I shut the engine off and turned th»
water Into the boiler I saw three fellows come
up on the track, the engine being an oil burn
er, and come toward the cab.
Engineer Robert H. Ede tells an inter
esting story of how it feels to b« held up
and robbed on a train at midnight. lie
said:
Republic Wants $25,000,000
\ • Cash and Sovereignty
Over Waterway.
Military Maneuvers Will Be
gin To-Day and Continue
for Two Weeks.
Anniversary of Discovery of
America Fittingly
Observed. "
Wheat Broker Says Defama
tory Words Wore Ut
tered About Him.
From Point Richmond to Heart of Oakland Masked Thugs
Ply Their Trade, Lone Pedestrian, Train Crew and Fre
quenters of Saloons Paying Tribute to Their Daring
•Special Agent Carries
" Canal Proposal to
; Washington.
Twelve Thousand Men
Are Now in Camp at
Fort Riley.
Gathering of Italian
Colony at Glen
Member of Portland
Congregation Sues
a Clergyman.
COLUMBIA ADDS
TO HER DEMANDS
MILITIA BODIES
JOIN REGULARS
HONOR MEMORY
OF COLUMBUS
BRINGS PASTOR
BEFORE THE LAW
LONG, THIN LINE OF HIGHWAYMEN
ADDS MANY TO LIST OF VICTIMS
THE SAN FRAK CISCO CALL, MOJS DAY, OCTOBER 19, 1903.
4
ADVEBTISEaiENTS.
Special in Pajamas— $1.65 a suit
Do you wear pajamas? Some say they are the proper sleeping ?
garments for men— anyway they are comfortable. ,
Special *a!e of flannelette pajamas; soft goods, extra quality, neat \
striped patterns in various color combinations: well finished with silk f
loops and buttons; military collar; cut full size; sold usually all over
the city for $^.50. Special price for a few days. SI. 65 a suit* \
Out-of-town 'orders filed — write us. \
740 Market Street \
ADVERTISEMENTS.
am( --uif jim NATURAL
nW^SSl LAXATIVE
fF^kgLzd my name |s n ° t
£Hffigg/g HUNYAOI ONLY,
; SSI HUHTADIJAHOS,
teSjLN^ THE ORIGINAL,
TT^V IT "*" ONLY GENUINE
"I I W 'j* 1 AND RELIABLE
IB T^TTr^- HUNGARIAN :
p5iill\\ natural / i
E=3 I \\ LAXATIVE /
Is Always Reliable for
CONSTIPATION
I Tor Porw. ISnrai. Rraildt, /
j l"lr*r«. I::n£wcrm, Tetter, Ji^ >/"7t
0 nrr»;p»;«*, braid Head, y if a
1 Itch. l*iropl»«. Blotrhee, JL I
J Inflamed r.yehds. I tcb- Zs*~i
a JngP;l**.«.ndfcUSkin yr\ X 1
a Eruption*— u»o jT \ X. *^< j
I HEESKELL'S
1 Ointment
•A Tbry all yield \r> in tnarl<*l in'.nmri*. Bfttbe
3| t de attrcted part, osinc Hit$tflt't Soap, nlgbt
ij and mominff. apply IleukeU't Ointxsect, and
IJ eorefoUownnftfewdtrt. AtaUdrngcisuSOc
lm herd lat free bock of testlmomadf.
Lf 4OHN8TON. HOLLOWAY It CO.
2 68 1 Comarm hu, Philadelphia.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
|SA GREAT KESTOKATIVE. LSV1GORA-
* tor and Nervine.
Tbe most wonderful •.phrofllfUc and BpeeUl
Tonic for the Sexu&l Onran*. for both sexet.
The Mexican Remedr tot Dl»e**es of th*
Kidney* and Bladder. Bella on 1U own merit*.
NABER. AXFS & BRUNE, A*«nia. -
*23 ilwket «~ & F,— LZszAZas CtrsuIu&ASTATE TROOPS DO CLEVER
SHOOTING AT SHF.fX MOTJND
Private Bernhard of Cavalry Troop
Awarded Medal for Markman
ship With Pistol.
Company A of the Fifth Reeiment of
Infantry, N. G. C, and Troop A, First
Cavalry. N. G. C, held their- monthly
target practice yesterday afternoon at
Shell Mound Park.
Private G. S. Bernhard of the cavalry
won the marksmanship medal of the troop
by making 43 points out of a poslble 50
with pistols at 50-yard range.
Following are the scores of the cavalry
men:
F. C. Bernhard. 48; Corporal T. P. Leh-.
mann. 45: Sergeant C. A. Becker. -45; O. W. '
Hordly 44; Serjeant R. C. Greenlnffer. 42;-
Seriteaflt E. H. Carr. 42: C. Nicola!. 41; II.
L.. Detrtck. 40; Corporal I*. M. McKlnley. 4O;
Corporal W. Huber, 30; J. A. Werner. 3d; A.
TV. Albrecht, S9: J. H. Stlenman, 30; Corporal
O W Pope. 37; A. Lflge. 36; M. C. Bolts.
32; A J Thornasle. 29; W. V. Lanton. ~);
r' l' riamondon. 26; N*. 8. Frater, 26; A.
M Kant 20; H. G. CramonHnir. 20; Corporal
C.' J Orton. 19; E. Mulvtlle. 11; H. E. Ward.
6; >i. Goldberg. «•
The rifle scores made by tha infantry
men were as follows:
Names- 200. SCO.. 500.
Corporal Smith 24 21' t?
H r. KUnkner 23 21 25
C. E. Powell 19 15 17
R KIncr 11 10 8
F.Jones ••• 17 22 1«
H. B. OnRMth 13 11 9
C. Wagner 20 5 1«
Captain Hunt 24 21 20
C. A. Wood IS 21 10.
J. Martin "• 8 13 IT
Sergeant Kins 24 IS 19
The champion Vancouver lacross team
won a fast and exciting game o* la
crosse from the .All-California team yes
terday afternoon at National Baseball
Park, Ninth and Bryant streets, by a
score of 9 to 5. Both teams were In ex
ceptionally good form and the game was
closely contested throughout.
• The tea,m work and general play of the
Vancouver experts was superior to that
of the native talent, although the latter
team played in better form than it has
heretofore. The admirers of the home
players were elated over the way they
performed and they were cheered' time
and time again for each clever piece of
work. • There was a large crowd in at
tendance and much enthusiasm was
shown.
and Are Cheered for. Their
Clever Showing.
All-Californians Display Good Form
VANCOUVER TEAM WINS
FAST LACROSSE GAME
The scores made on the honorary tar
get were as follows: F. E. Mason, 72, 70;
C, M. Henderson, 72; Max Kolander, 72;
August Jungblut, 72; D. B. Faktor, 72;
Martin F. Blasse, 71; A. Strecker. 71; Al
C. Gehret, 70; A. H. Pape, 70; Captain F.
Ruhstaller, 63; John L. Utschig, 63; Ja
cob Gruhler, 69; Ed Myer, 68; Charles
Thlerbach, 68; A. Ackerman. 6S: W. F.
Blasse, 67; H. Scheunert, 67; J. Myer, 67;
A. Buergi. 67; E.' 8chmid, 66; G. Arm
strong, 66; A. Gehret, 66; J. N. Phillips,
66; F. Wehrlen, 65; H. . Huber, 65; H.
Strecker, 65; F. Kuhnle, 65; Captain C.
Oldag. 63; P. Jacoby, 60; J. Fuchs, 58; H.
J. Vetter, 5S; Captain S. W. Kay, 51.
The committee which arranged the suc
cessful shooting festival is -made up of
Frank Ruhstaller Sr., Jacob M^er, Jacob
Gruhler, Adolph Griesel. Albert Buergi,
A. Ackerman, John Baumann, H. Vetter,
J. N. Phillip, Frank Ruhstaller Jr.
HIGH SCOBES PREVAIL.
The first bullseye in the afternoon was
made by Captain F. Kuhnle of Petaluma,
and the festival came to a close when
Emit Schmid sent a shot to the center
just as the cannon ending the festival
was fired. ¦¦'¦'•-"-":
¦ Among the prominent Sacramento peo
ple who visited the range were Colonel
H. I. Seymour, Albert Elkus, W. J. Has
sett. Sheriff D. Reese, Captain John Cook,
Captain John Zittlnger, Captain J. A.
Blair, Captain S. W. Kay, Lieutenant
Boden, Lieutenant Milllken, Trustee J.
C. Ing. Assessor Bcrkey, Henry Mohr, R.
A. Herold and Frank Newbert.
First bullseye In the morning was won
by Jacob Gruhler: first 25 by Max Ko
lander; last bullseye In the morning by
John I* Utschig.
•Visitors and contestants from other
parts of the State were Herman Strecker.
Stockton; Adam Brehm, San Rafael;
Captain Fred Kuhnle, Petaluma; William
Nolden, Allendale; Sheriff David Wykoff,
Woodland.
Emil Schmid, A. Buergi, Jacob Gruhler,
Frank E. Mason, Adolph Strecker. A. C.
Gehret, Clarence M. Henderson, N. Ah
rens. D. B. Faktor, A. H. Pape and Ja
cob Myer.
The following sharpshooters were pres
ent from Ban Francisco: Charles Thler
bach, Phllo Jacoby, Martin F. Blasse.
Captain C. Oldag, A. Rahwyler, A.
Strecker, William Ehrenpfort, Otto Bre
mer, A. F. Pape, Frank E. Mason, Aug
ust Jungblutt, D. B. Faktor, Herman Hu
ber, C. M. Rousseau, A. E. Gehret, Max
Kolander, William F. Blasse, CM. Hen
derson, N. Ahrens, D. Huntemann,
Charles Kruse, F. Wehrlen, William
Goetze, John L. Utschig, H. Stettin, G.
Armstrong and H. Scheunert.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. IS.— One vOf the
largest shooting festivals that has taken
place In this State was inaugurated to
day by the Sacramento Helvetia Rifle
Club. The prizes offered were of such
a valuable nature ' that marksmen were
induced to enter from different parts of.
the State. The light during the day was
somewhat variable and the wind was so
light that the smoke often settled on the
range and it was with difficulty the ex
perts centered their shots. Tho contests
were held on the point and honorary tar
gets.
There Is an exciting contest on for king
ship honors. F. E. Mason, A. Strecker,
E. Schmld, Jacob Gruhler. Al C. Gehret,
D. B. Faktor and A. H. Pape have been
doing excellent work and are in line for
the honors. The shooting on the honor
ary target was remarkable. Five rifle
men made 72 out of a possible 75. Un
fortunately for Max Kolander. of San
Francisco, who has been doing some ex
cellent shooting, he finished his ticket on
the wrong target. He made 74 out of a
possible 75. The score could not be al
lowed under the rules*. He continued his
work and stands with 72 to his credit.
The festival wl|l be concluded to-mor
row, when the contestants for king will
complete their scores. Competition will
also be held on the honorary target and
as there are five men who have 72 each
out of a possible 75, a warm time Is ex
pected to decide supremacy. The follow
ing marksmen competed for king:
OUT FOB KING H0N0BS.
Special Dispatch to The Call
The singles tournament which was an
nounced for the California Club next Sun
day will not be played. In Its place there
will be a handicap doubles.
Several good practice matches were
played on the California Club courts.
Frank Stringham and Sidney Salisbury
beat Frank Mitchell and Carl Gardner
two sets. The winners were beaten two
sets out of three by Chet and Grant
Smith. Charles Kuehn was in fine form
and played a tie with Harry Halght. Eacti
won a set.
Third round— Lytton (15) beat Ryan (13).
6-2. 6-0; H. Long (3-6) beat MeDuffy (15). 6-4.
4-6* 7-5; Griffin (owe 2-6) beat M. Long
(15*2-6). 6-4 6-3: Allen (owe 15 2-6) beat Col
man (15). 9-7. 6-4: N. Baker (scratch) heat
Routh (owe 2-6). 6-O. 4-0. withdrew; Mac-
Gavin (ow© 15 2-6) beat Russell (owe 2-6), 7-5,
6-2- Janes (scratch) beat Guerin (15 2-6). ll-»,
6-L 't -V.':
Second round— Ryan beat Irvlnj? by default;
Lyttor. (15) beat Prolla U5). 2-8, 6-4, 7-5; Mc-
Duffy (15) beat Getx (15 4-6), 9-7, 6-2; H.
Lons (3-6) beat Lemon (15). 4-6. 6-3, 6-1:
Mann (scratch) vs. Code (scratch). &-«. 4-6,
unfinished ; O. Baker (owe 5-H) beat Edwarda
(15 4-6). 6-1. 6-1; GriMn (owe 2-6) beat Otla
(4-6). 6-4. 6-4: M. Long (15 2-6) beat Sayrn
(15 2-6) 6-1 3-6 6-1: Allen (owe 15 2-6) beat
Teller (3-6). 6-2. 0-6. 6-3; Colman (IB) beat
Black (15 4-6). 6-0. 6-3; N\ Baker (scratch)
beat Rolf»» (scratch), 8-6. 6-1; Routh (owe 2-6)
beat Lilienthal (15 4-«). 1-6 6-4, 6-4; Mac-
Gavin (owe 15 2-6) beet I^jwis <3-«D. 6-1. 7-9,
0-7; Ruasell (owe 2-6) beat (Jaynesn (3-6). rt-2.
6-2; Guerln (15 2-6) beat Hotehkfss (scratch),
6-3 6-3; Janea (scratch) b«at Howell (15 2-6).
4-6' 6-2. 6-1.
The closest match of the day was that
between MacGavin and Lewis. Lewis
made good use of the liberal handicap
allowed him and forced the California
Club crack to play his best to win.
The following matches were played:
First round— Herb«rt Loijr (3-6) beat Georgs
Bates (3-6). 6-4. «-:j; J. A. Code (scratch) b*at
R. N. Whitney (owe 15 2-8). «-4, 8-«: M E.
Edwards (15 4-6) beat C. G. Kuehn <3-R) 6-.T
«-4; George Baker (owe 5-6) beat L. C Bo
zarth (15 2-6). 6-1. «-4; Melville Long (15 2-Hi
beat J. K. Turnar (15 2-6) 6-3 6-2- C C
Sayre (15 2-6) b^at A. licyfuss (.1-6).' by' <Je-.
fault: C. Teller (3-fi) beat Wollenberg (3-6).
by default; Neil Bak<r (scratch) beat C Skaffzs
(15 2-6). 6-0. 0-1; Harry Routh beat Wllgus by
default: Lillenthal beat Wheeler by default;
J. II. LewU beat Marlus llotchkiss by default;
J. D. MacQavtn beat Barnes by default: Mil
ler Hotchkiss beat Skinner by default: Georga
Janes (scratch) beat Harry Gabriel (15) 6-2.
8-4.
Charles Teller, who was beaten by Al
len, had an excellent chance by beating
the scratch man, but lost through a mis
take of the referee. Teller had a lead of
4-3 in the final set and Allen was back
"30" when the referee found Teller had
been receiving the wrong handicap. He
decided the last set should be played over.
It went to Allen easily. The set should
have been completed with the proper
handicap Instead of being played over.
Neil Baker playing from scratch Ioom3
up as a possible winner. Final honors
should fall to either MacGavin or one of
the Baker brothers.
MacGavin was the star performer and
played some great tennis. He had a hard
match with J. R. Lewis and won by a
small margin. In his match with Russell
he was at his best and drove splendidly.
The only one of the good players ta loa«
was R. N. Whitney. In his match with
Code he did not exert himself greatly.
Allen and MacGavin are the only scratch
men left.
SeveraL hundred spectators were treat
ed to an exhibition of good tennis yester
day on the public courts in Golden Gata
Park. The majority of the matches were
close and interesting. Ten of the 104 play
ers entered are still In the competition.
Seven of these have reached the fourth
round and will receive prizes. They aro
Guy Lytton. Herbert Long,
Griffin. Will Allen, Nell Baker, it D. Mac-
Gavin and George Janes. George Baker
will meet the winner of the unfinished
match between James Code and Horace
Mann. The winner will make the eighth
man to play in the fourth round.
MacGavin, the California Club
Crack, Shows Great
Sacramento Shooting Festi
val Attrac's Prominent
Riflemen.
Ten Players Remain in
the Park Singles
Tournament.
Strecker, Masoo, Pape
and Faktor Are in
the Competition.
RIVAL MARKSMEN
SEEK KINGSHIP
SPECTATORS VIEW
CLEVER TENNIS
PARIS.. Oct. 18. — At the Pare des
Princes track to-day M. Dangla made a
nr»w crcilnc record for one hour by cov
ering 52 miles and 01S yards in that time.
Last August M. Dangla covered 50.39
miles on a bicycle in an hour, breaking
the previous record. ... ¦
Parisian Makes New Cycling Record.
Champion James Fitzgerald was in
jured in the knee during a handball match
with Jack Bonnet and J. C. Nealon yes
terday at the Olympic Club. Fitzgerald
then retired and Bonnet and Nealon
"played two games, each taking one. Tom
Curley beat George James three straight
games. Jack Oleason beat Louis Levy in
the final of their match game.
Fitzgerald Injured at Handball.
Secretary Treat of the New California
Jockey Club says he is not aware of any
official action having been taken by Pres
ident Williams in the matter of Holtman
and Dwyer acting alternately here and
In Los Angeles. .
- NEW YORK. Oct. 18.— Entries:
F"in>t race, one and tfcree-fourth miles, over
f»voi hurdle*, selling — Somerset 141, Enrinht
132. Bir Ellerrlie 13S. The Rival 134. Silver
T»i»t 134. Cryptogram 132. Candling 141, Col
•nn»l Rorer 13S, Gibson Light 134. Obnet lots.
Island Prince 141. McWlIliami 138.
Pwvmd race, one mile and a furlnr.ir, celling
—Baikal 100. Beverly 100. Swamplands lC..
KjM Klnf 1O3. The Regent 100. Highlander 111.
Blue Victor 103. Caithness 09. Rathbridse »4.
• ortag* M«ld 100. Kir Roche 100. Mollle Pey
ton 103. H. L. Colemsm «7, Anlmorlty ys.
Hoodwink 10C. Setauket 102.
Third race, nix furlongs, three- year-old fll
!i*»— Mamie Worth llti. Oar Nugget 111. TrU
tes« Ill, Glorioka 111. Auriesville 111. Futu
rlta 111. Lady Lake 111. Effle Sheppard 111.
contusion- 111.
Fourth ra/-». five and a half furlonrx. Pe
r-onlc- cU&es— Graz'allo 107, Graceful 107. Tim
Payne no, St. Valentine 110. Lady Amelia
124. Rapid Water 110. Pr*»eiotJs Stone 107.
orthooox 107. Lonndale 107, Outcome 107. Tom
Tod 107. Wotan 110. Flammula 107. Monastic
110. Mineola V*. Hippocrates 107. Ocean Tide
119. Pt. Vslejitine and Lady Amelia. Thomu
»>ntry: R*oid Wat»r and Precious. Morris en
try: Min*ola and Hippocrates. Whitney entry.
Fifth r«i*-e. one an<l a sixteenth mile*. ha.a
<Jleaj>—<"olon»l Kill 124. Hurvtbourne 117. Duke
'of Kendall 113. River Pirate 114. Bonnibert
112. stamping Ground 111, Rightful 107. Pul
eu» lC-». Aiu*»n*|r-n 102, FherliT Bell 100. |'«ul
• fonbrldge 100. Dairy Ore«n SR. Demurrer BS.
ly-.rd Cadge "jr.. Hrigand «). Oolonfiay S8.
Flxth rai~*. five and a hair furlongs. seMJns.
iwo-year-old*— Z*-iller 102. Oroneti 1OS. High
wind 103:. Docile «<». Uonfoon 106. F*rn Rock
112. Gold Tip 97. Dutiful 97. nilly Roche 100,
The Bowery V". P1qu«t 10T., Panique IWt. Sneer
«7, Prlttlna 101. Klag Officer 108. Applause.
BRIGHTON SELECTIONS.
By the NVw York Telegraph.
First race— Enright, Gibson Light,
. Ohnet.
>\ Second race — Hoodwink, Caith
ness, Highlander.
BRIGHTON ENTRIES.
Mr. Brook* has received a letter from
Captain Recs declining the position of
judge at Ascot, saying New Orleans had
first call on his services If he should act
in an official capacity again. Edward
Cole of New Tork will be associate judge
at Ascot. Hugh E. Keogh of Chicago
may be patrol Judge.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 18.— J. W. Brooks
says he believes an understanding was
reached between Mr. Mulr of the Ascot
track and Thomas H. Williams regard
ing Holtman and Dwyer alternating as
starters here and on the California
Jockey Club tracks.
Race Starters May Alternate.
the box. Brick's curves were not at all
mysterious, for the Angels began to get
to him. In the eighth inning they
piled up five additional runs, which did
not count,' as the game was called before
the Cripples had their turn at tho bat:
The score:
Los Angeles.' I Oakland.
AB. R. ir. P. A. AB. R. H. P. A.
Hoy.cf . .43210 OHara,cf 33120
Whl.2b-p 4 2 2 1 0 Mskmn.s 4 110 4
8mith.3b 5 2 14 .T S«hwz.2b 5 2 2 3 4
Dlllon.lb 5 1 3 5 3 Murdk.rf 5 1 0 2 0
Cravth.rf 5 1 2 2 0Mcsrly.lb4 0 2 13 2
RosP.lf... 4 2 3 2 OiLohmn.c 3 112 1
Raymd.a 4 10 2 4|Baxtcr.lf 8 0 0 2 1
Eager.c. 5 112 2 Mrtmk.3b 3 0 0 0 0
Gray.p.. 2 2 10 3 ! Me Kay. p 2 110 2
Splcs.lb. 2 0 0 5 O.Deverx.p. 10 0 0 1
Totals 40 15 15 24 15' . TotalB 33 0 8 24 15
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles 2 3 1 1 8 0 0 0—15
Base hits ;2 31 1 6 0 2 0—15
Oakland 3 0 1 5 0 0 0 0—0
Baso hits 2 0 2 4-000 O— : 8
SUMMARY.
Stolen bases — Moskiman. Murdock. O'Hara,
Ross. Errors — Moskiman (5), Lohman, Ray
mond (2), Smith. Ross, Eagar. Base hits —
Oft* McKay 10, oft Gray 8. Three-base hits —
Ross. Cravath. Two-base hits — Hoy (2). Sac
rifice hits— Schwartz (2). Messerly. Wheeler,
Lohman. Gray. Hoy. First base on errors-^-
Los Angeles 6. Oakland 3. First base on call
ed balls— Off Gray 3, off McKay 1, off Dever
eaux 3. Left on bases — Lou Angeles 7, Oak
land 3. Struck out— By Gray 1. Wild pitch —
Gray. Time of game — 2:00. Umplrfrr-Mc-
Donald.
TJNCTLE ' LOSES SIX GAMES.
His San Francisco Flayers Can Do
Nothing With Seattle.
SEATTLE, Oct. 18.— Seattle made It six
straight from the San Francisco team by taking
both games of a double-header to-day. The
first was a hard-fought affair, in which the
visitors made a ninth-inning rally and got one
run ahead. Kenning slammed out a two-hag
ger with two men on baseB, however," and won
the game. He got a hatfull of money. In the
second game the locals slmpiy slaughtered
Hodson, making twent/-one. hits. Scores:
First game — R. H. E.
Seattle ......000302002—7 13 1
Saa Francisco. ..0 0000200 4—6 7 1
Batteries -Hughes 'and Byers; Whalcn and
Zearfoss.
Second game — . R. H.' E.
Seattle 2 0 2 1 2 X 3 5 x— 16 21 2
San Francisco... 1 2 0 0 0 0 10 1—6 12 2
Batteries — St. Vraln and Byers; ! Hodson,
Leahy and Zearfoss. Umpire— O'Connell. ,
PORTLAND, Oct. 18.— Portland and Sacra
mento fiplit even In to-day'a double-header.
Sacramento had Sam Morris, the Ne? Perces
Indian In the box In the first game and Port
land made a chopping block of him. Butler
pitched good ball and was well supported. The
second game was a alx-innlng affair, called on
account of darkness. Both Shields and Keefe
held the hits down, but perfect support by the
Sacramentans told in the end. Attendance,
6oCO. Scores:
T"lrrt eame— ' R. II. E.
Portland r T7T...0 0 12 0 0 0 6 x— 8 11 2
HErimeVlto .... .0 00010000-1 7 6
Batteries Butler and Arthur Anderson; Mor
ris and Graham. '
Po S rlUnd d^ e "..l....O 0 00 0 0-0 T B 3
Sacramento... ...0 110 0 0-2 5 0
Batteries— Shields and Shea; Keefe and Ho
gan. Umpire — Levy. ¦¦ . ¦' '
Former Coursing Champion Shows
Great Speed and Beats a Fast
Field of Greyhounds.
WEDGEWOOD A WINNER
AT INGLESIDE PARK
Frank Jones' Wedgewood, a hound that
was once a crackajack, but which retro
graded to a two-course winner, surprised
the wise ones yesterday at Ingleside Park
by taking first honors in the big coursing
stake. Throughout the entire running
Wedgewood put the men with money in
bad humor by his persistent winnings.
•Every time Wedgewood left the slips it
was against a heavily played favorite.
He managed to win out by his cleverness.
When it came to the final the heavy bet
torfi became a bit afraid and cut down the
odds until they forced the big white dog
close to even money. It did not take long
to have Wedgewood show hia training and
in quick time he took the flag from Co
sette: A few weeks ago Frank Jones
about had his mind made up to send
Wedgewood to the city pound and he
came in for considerable Joshing when
his hound landed the stake without a bet
placed by his owner. Following are the
day's results, with Judge Thomas Tlcr
ney's official scores:
Bonnie Hughle beat Cloverdale. 7-5; Kittle
rnan beat Donnybrook. 3-2; False Alarm beat
Little Mercy, 8-6; Boots beat Duhallow, 5-1;
Lily Wright beat Rose Tree, 6-3; Sofala beat
Van Alba. 4-2; Wedgewood beat J E H. 3-0;
Onward Maud beat Flora Temple 6-2- Piker
beat Braw's Hill. 4-1; Belfast beat Gold Lily.
5-1: Clobefell beat Haddlngton, 7-6; .October
Lad beat. White Stockings, 7-0; Homer Boy
beat Dorothy M. 4-2; Young Buck beat Our
Myra, 3-2; J. C. Heenan a bye; Rockefeller a.
bye; Prometheus beat King Death, 7-1; Reta
S beat Equator. 9-7; Cosette- beat Bella Lloyd,
5-3; Meddlesome beat Pepper Jack, 4-2; Hesper
beat Yankee Boy. 11-9; Uttle Lucy beat Linda
Vista, 3-2;- Royal -Friend a bye; ¦ Our Motto
beat Redwood. Lad. 5-0; Uttle. Plunger beat
Irvlngton Tralee, 6-0; Flora Belle beat Med
ley. 4-0; Firm Fellow beat Black Flush. 7-0;
Pure Pearl beat White Buck, 6-1.
Third round— Bonnie Hughie beat Kittleman.
6-3; Boots beat False Alarm, 5-2; Sofala beat
Lily Wright. 8-4 ;; Wedgewood beat Onward
Maud, 9-4 ; Piker beat Belfast. 6-2; Clobefell
beat October Lad, 8-7; Young Buck beat Ho
mer Boy, 6-2; J. C. Heenan beat Rockefeller,
9-0; Reta S » beat Prometheus, 15-5; Cosett©
beat Meddlesome, 6-0: Little Lucy beat Hes
per 11-2; -Our ¦'Motto. beat Royal Friend, 3-0;
Little Plunger-beat Flora Belle, 12-4; Firm
Fellow beat Pure Pearl. 5-1.
Fourth round — Boots beat Bonnie Hughie.
8-1; Wedgewood beat': Sofala, 3-0;, Piker beat
Clobefell, -4-1; 1 Young Buck beat J. C. Heenan;
Cosette a bye; Our Motto beat Little Lucy,
4-2; Firm Fellow beat; Little Plunger, 4-0. '
Fifth-round — Wedgewood beat Boots, 5-3;
Young Buck beat Piker. 14-3; Cosette beat Our
Motto 1O-6; Firm Fellow a bye.
Sixth round — Wedgewood beat Young Buck.
6-1 :j Cosette beat Firm Fellow, 1S-0.
'•-¦¦ Deciding course — Wedgewood beat Coeette,
9-4. .
ASSOCIATION rOOTBAXLEHS
ENOAJGE IN PRACTICE GAME
Mixed ,Team of Vampire and Occi
- dental Clubs Play on Cricket
Ground at Alameda.
A practice game of association football
took place yesterday on the grounds at
Webster street, Alameda, between mixed
teams of, the Vampire and the Occidental
clubs. Two periods of forty minutes each
were played, but the warm weather ren
dered the game ' slow.
The touch lines have> been marked and
the ground is in good condition. J. D.
Robertson acted as referee. Another prac
tice game will take; place" on the same
ground next Sunday., On Sunday, Novem
ber 1, the .first' match of the schedule of
the' -~ California Association Football
League for t he champlonshlD of 1903-1904
will be clawed. > " . ,
•A pessimist doesn't enioy life unless he
doesn't, sy"
The morning struggle on the Oakland
diamond was a nerve-racking affair.
The Cripples fielded poorly. Moskiman
committing five errors at short. The An
gels began to land on the offerings of
McKay In the fifth and Peter removed the
youn£3ter and put Brick Devereaux fn
Bagged Game at Oakland.
Krrors — Moskiman. Martlnke, Raymond,
Smith, - Dillon. ' Stolen bases — Cravath, Ross,
O'Hara, Schwartz. Three-base hits — Smith,
Cravath. I Two-base hits — Raymond, Wheeler,
Murdock, I Cravath. EacriOcn hits— Moskiman.
Wheeler. First base on errors— Oakland 3, Lob
Angeles 2. First base on called balls — Off
Graham 2, oft Hltt 2, on* Corbett 4. Left on
bases — Oakland 11. Loa Angelea tt. Struck
out— By Graham 1, by Corbett 2. -Hit by
pitcher — O'Hara, Hoy. .Double play — Schwartz
to Messerly to Lohman. Passed ball — Spies.
Wild Ditches — Corbett, Hltt. Tlme'of .game-
Two hours 6 minutes. Umpire-^-McDonald.
SUMMARY,
Lo« Angele* 1 0 10 O~6' 1 0 2—11
Bate hits 1 1 1 1 26 00 4—16
Oakland 1 10 0 0 0 0 0 0—2
Base hits 110 0 2 0 2 1 1—8
Joe Corbett was, as usual, the brightest
light of the show. He got in wrong and
remained so for an inning or more. But
as soon as he steadied his wing and gath
ered his wits the Cripples were entirely
at his mercy. Not one of their number
imprinted his foot on the home plate for
seven innings.
Graham started as well as an erratic
southpaw usually does, and he was more
than himself till the sixth inning hove In
sight. Then the bats of the southern
giants began to swing with a certainty
that always makes base hits possible.
After two runs crossed the plate the
blonde left-hander began to lob the ball
up and quit without an effort.
When the seventh opened, Peter un
folded a new one, also of the left-hand
variety, on the crowd. ' His name Is Hltt,
an inappropriate one for a pitcher, but
nevertheless he was in the game some
and would have done well had he good
command over his curves.
One of the bright spo{s of the ginger
less struggle was the magnificent throw
ing to bases on the part of Father Pete.
The veteran whipped them down to sec
ond so fast and with bo much accuracy
that the fleet-footed Angel base runners
were caught time and time again. Ross
did some pretty fielding out in left and
the work of Corbett In gathering in slow
bunts and covering first base was worth
going miles to see. The score:
Oakland. Los Angeles.
AB. R. H.P.A. AB. R. H.P.A.
O'H'ra,cf 3 10 0 0 Hoy, ef... 4 3 0 2 0
Mikm'n.a 4 0 2 S S Wh'lr, 2b 5 0 2 2 2
Sch'tz.2b 4 0 3 5 3 Smith, 3b 5 0 2 '.0.2
Murd'k.rf 4 0 2 3 0 Dlllon.lb .VI I 7 2
Baxfr.lf 5 0 0 0 0 Crav'h.rf 4 3 2 10
Mrtnk.Sb 5 0 0 1 2 Roes. It.. 5 13 5 0
Mess'y.lb 4 0 1 12 2 Raym'd.a 3 1 12 3
Lohm'n.o 3 0 0 2 2 Spies, c... 5 1 2 4 1
Grahm.p 3 10 13 Corb'tt.p 5 13 4 0
Hltt, p... 10001 ¦ — — — -
" Totali.41 11 16 27 10
• Totalo.86 3 8 27 18
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Though a day that makes baseball
worth the watching, the smallest Sunday
crowd of the season watched through
those nine Innings of sand-lot ball/ There
were large holes in the spacious bleachers
and the big grandstand was shy many
hundred admirers of the national pastime
who are wont to hie themselves thither
of a bright Sunday afternoon.
Nor did tho piaylng of the rival teams
warrant a better attendance. Except In
the early stages of the contest, while. the
score remained a tie, it was a wofully
half-hearted affair, lacking that life and
ginger that has made baseball a sport
worth viewing. The Cripples were hope
lessly outclassed. They realized the fact
even better than did those who watched
the game.
said good-by to thjp noisy fans on
the bleachers and the more reserved ele
ment In the stands. But ere they made
their getaway they beat the Cripples 11
to 2. In the morning it was the same
way, only the score happened to be 15 to 9.
THE Angel champions will perform
no more this year at the Eighth
street baseball park. They gath
ered up their bats and things, and
Joe Corbett Allows Cripples No Runs After Over
coming Wildness in First Two Innings.
The hares were particularly strong. Six
hounds were withdrawn, owing to the
hard running to which they were sub
jected. E. Geary's Fair Oaks fell a vic
tim to the severe running, dying after a
three-minutes and fifteen seconds course.
There were comparatively few upsets
with all the long trials. Silver ClouH, a
l-to-8 choice, was outgamed by Greenhall
and beaten. Vina won twice on the short
end. defeating lone Hill and Sempronlus.
The results in detail, with Judge Andrew
Dean's official scores, follow:
- Mickey Free beat Ella May. 3-2; Sempronlus
beat Miss Penman. 0-0; lone Hill beat St. Conn
8-.»; Vina beat Goddess Of Liberty. 38-0; Master
Davenport a bye. Iran Alto withdrawn; Agita
tor a bye. Articulate withdrawn; Anchor beat
Raclnst Glancer. 4-0; Gambit beat Rural Artist.
4-3; Remlsao Animo beat Beluga, S-0- Red
Rock a bye, Rockaway withdrawn; Old Iron
eldeg boat Thelma. 5-4; Ragged Actor beat
Liberator. 21-10; Melrose. beat Clarice 0-7*
Charter Member beat Flyinnc l'asha, 17-l;'Fenli
beat Bccktlve. 0-0; Fontenoy beat Renegade
Apache. 10-4; Reckless Acrobat beat Imperi
ous. *<-7; Fair Oaks beat Gunfire. 12-4; Belle
Fre« beat Vandal. -8-2; Warco beat Cecir M.
18-0; Reno beat Gunpowder, 5-0; Uarge beat
Cubanola, 0-2; Tralee Boy beat Tricksy 8-0;
Greenhall beat Silver Cloud. 6-5; Richard An
ton beat Free From Flaw, 19-5; America beat
Regal Attire, 0-U; Fepper Hill beat Minnie
Ilorjran, T-l: Qulta beat Glaucus. 31-8: Rockltn
Boy boat Harvey M, «-2; Racing Auto beat
Nlobe. 11-4; Haphazard beat Balcndlne. 11-4-
M-.'Ulnwoofl beat Kastlake, 4-0.
: Second round — Sempronius beat Mickey Free
4-3; Vina beat lone IIIU, 1M1; Agitator beat
Mnster Davenport. 20-8; Gambit beat Anchor,
0-0: Red Rock beat Remlsso Animo, 5-2; Old
Ironsides a bye. Ragged Actor withdrawn; Mel
rose a bye. Charter Member withdrawn; Fenil
beat Fontenoy. !«-6: Reckless Acrobat a bye.
Fair Oaks withdrawn; Belle Free beat Warco
7-6; Barge beat Reno. 7-6; Tralee Boy beat
Greenhall, 6-2; America a bye. Richard Anton
withdrawn; Pepper Hill a bye, Qulta with
drawn; Racing Auto beat Rocklln Boy, 25-7;
Haphazard beat Melllnwood, 12-7.
Third round — Vina beat Sempronlus. 8-3;
Gambit a bye. Agitator withdrawn: Red Rock
beat Old Ironsides. 5-1; Melrose beat Fenlf. 8-5;
Belle Free beat Reckless Acrobat, 4-2; Barge
beat Tralee Boy, 4-3; Pepper Hill beat America,
4-3: Haphazard a bye. Racing Auto withdrawn.
Fourth round — Gambit beat Vina, 7-3; Red
Rock beat Melrose, 5-3; Barge beat Belle Free
6-3;- Haphazard beat Pepper Hill. 8-7.
Fifth round — Gambit beat • Red Rock, 6-1;
Barge beat Haphazard. 12-5. . .
Deciding course — Barge beat Gambit, 11-6.
George Nethercott's Barge carried off
the honors at Union Coursing Park yes
terday, defeating Gambit in the all-im
portant deciding course. Off badly. Gam
bit came from behind and took the turn
by two lengths. The hare broke from him
repeatedly. This, coupled with Barge be
ing the better y^orker, returned the Sac
ramento greyhound a winner. The score
was 11 to 6.
Long Trials Put Many Greyhounds
Out of the Running Early in '
the Stake.
BARGE DEFEATS GAMBIT
AT UNION COURSING PARK
NEW SOUTHPAW OF THE OAK
LAND BASEBALL TEAM AND HIS
DISCOVERER.
riilCAC.n, Oct. IK.— Entries:
Flirt ra^o, five furlonzs— Alma Dufnur 112.
Tekalrn 112. T'ctlmony 111:. Witchcraft 107.
DfUrir.inatlon 107. St. Paula 104, Shawana
1"4. F$a<l«r<r Girl 104. Mar}' Dunn 0.".. Tribune
J»5. Loe*n> Queen W5. Oarmellta 95. Annora
J »5. My <Wm l«5. Mary Hill 05. Belle Juan 05.
Fecond race, one mile and 100 yards. Belling
—Firing Lin* 113, Bt. Sinvjntan 1GS. Ethel
"Wheat 104, Thane 104, Fleuron 103. Eda. Rlley
1C2*. Charlie Thompson 102, Tancred 101. Iras
r'.blf. 101. C. P. Campbell 100, Mamselle «5.
Lady Matchless 84. Lord Melbourne 93. Lam
poon 33.
Third rare, six furlone* — Golden Rule 113.
Colonial Girl 113, Grand Ortera 111. Introduc
tor 111. Jack I>mund 111. Lady Radnor 108,
Wbttfcr flCins 10ft, Toah 1CS. Stuyve 105,
Fchwalbe ]<fi, Ancke 104. Banetomo 00.
Fourth race, one and a sixteenth miles, han
dicap—Nitrate 107, Fafiln* Light «0. His Em
inence 303, Our B*-sple 103, I>r. Stephens 102,
Sidney C. Love 100. Huzzah U3. Orejror K »».
By Ways 87. Potbeen 85, Brief 85. Coruscate
B3. The Don 82. Nitrate an*! Fading Light.
TfurnrW- entry: Fldney C. Lovt and Huzzah,
Arthur By Wayi and Potheen, Hil
drfth entry.
Fifth race, *eveu furlont*. eellinir— Palm
Reader 1OT, Avenger 108. Fortnight 103, Pond
101. RyevaJe 101. Irish Swedo 101, Virginia
Boy 9S. Coroner Kelly »«, Myrcn Dale 06, Ar
nold K 8«.
. F'.xth mce. on<? tn!le. eellltu?- Lighthunt 112.
Nellie Ba»n 100, Omaurmaa 107. Tuft* 101.
Evelyn Byrd 104. Paul Whale »¦ 104, Pronta
104, Alee 104. Bluemlnt 104, Satchel 104, Man
<la«us 10*. Ivernla 104. Jim Hsde 104. Major
Dlxon 104. Frank M 99. Sweet T.-joth 37.
WOETH SELECTION'S.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race— Tokalon, Witchcraft,
Alma Dufour.
Second race— Ethel Wheat, Eda
Bdley, Charley Thompson.
Third race — Grand Opera, Toah,
Golden Rule.
Fourth race — Sidney C. .Love,
Potheen, Brief.
Tit th race— Palm Reader, Areng«r,
Myron Dale.
Sixth race — Blue Mint, Prank M,
Satchel.
WORTH ENTRIES.
The action Is taken as tantamount to a
confession from the Judges' stand that
raring frauds cannot be punished when
raring frauds involve men with "political
friends."
palpable, arc not named. The Harlem
Jockey Club was told, in a word, that
•"Danny" Lynch must be restored to good
-standing or the bookmakers would have
to ceasf operations at the racecourse.
The reinstatement of Llnd and of Jockey
.Trfanor was voluntary on the part of the
JrdgeF, who explain, after a show of keen
tcrcasm, thnt In equity "the lesser offend
er should not continue in punishment
•vfaUe the gTeatcr goes free."
Racing in Illinois Is legal. Betting on
raring in Illinois is a felony. Racing
plants cannot N» profitably maintained
without bookmaking privileges and the
rr venue* that accrue therefrom. Lynch
and hip "influences" got to work on this,
the most vulnerable point of attack.
*'insressman James McAndrcws of the
Fifth Congressional District is the
pcrsot) to whom, it If asserted. Lynch is
indor obligation for his restoration to
p< od standing. Congressman McAndrews
was in large part responsible for the elec
tion of Sheriff Barrett. Edward Corrigan
elro was an ally In seeking Lynch's res
toration.
This, the most astounding turf docu
ment ever Issued, emanated from the
Judges of the Harlem Jockey Club to-day.
The instrument is unique in that it con
firms the adverse finding against an in-
FiFtcnt "fixer" of races, another horse
owner and a Jockey, and then confesses
that influences which will not be denied
havp successfully exerted themselves in
bthalf of those under the judicial ban.
Jus=t what these influences are, while
"C. Llnd and Jockey J. Treanor, sus
pended In the same case, are also rein
stated for the reason in equity that the
lesser offender ehould not continue in pun
ishment while the greater one goes free.
"A TV. HAMILTON. Presiding Judge.
"M. NATHANSON. Secretary."
CHICAGO, Oct. IS.— "The ruling by the
Harlem Jockey Club on August 6, 1903,
suspending D. J. Lynch and warning him
off the Harlem racetrack is rescinded.
"No new evidence has been adduced to
persuade- th© Haxlcm Judges that they
erred in suspending Lynch or that he 1^
deserving of clemency, but certain Influ
ences in Chicago, which the Harlem
Jockey Club has neither a desire to an r
tagonizo nor power to oppose, have insist.
ed upon his reinstatement, and tiie Har
!t;m Judges have felt obliged to defer to
thes« demands.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
(xive as Reason for Their Action a
Fear of Incurring Antag
onism of "Certain In
fluences."
Issue Remarkabls Statement
Again Declaring Him
Guilty.
Fourth race, flve furlongs, selling — Myrtle H
109, Laureate 109. Judge Napton 100, Isabelllta
105, Meteora 100. Loyal S 109. Pilon 109, Sol
Smith 85. Toltec 05. Nell!© May 103.
Fifth race, eix furlongs, Belling— Dollle
WelthofT 114, TJltruda 109. Troy 112. Nona D
114. Limber Jim 109. Frank Pearce 112,
Achilles 115. King Dellis 112.
Sixth race, eeven furlongs — Indian II 108,
W'achunett 107. Max Bendlx 107, El Pllar 107,
Billy Moore 107, Louwelsea 110. Erne 110, Red
Tip 110.
J-eccnd race, four and a half furlongs, two
year-olds. pur*e — Rotseric 113, Lamorie 110,
Felipe Lugo 113, San Franclsqulta 105, Flea
105, Lady^Usk 110.
Third race, six furlong*. Belling— Homage
114 Man' Xanee 114, Iras 104. Madame Bishop
114. Little Margaret 109, Skirmish 114, Cherries
114. Rtxford 114.
First race, one mil*, selling — Llttl« Secret
107, Prestolus 100, Sherry 02. The Toller 103,
Dug Martin 100. Headstrong 107, Blue Miracle
10O, Cazador 100. >*
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 18.— Entries for to
morrow:
LOS ANGELES ENTRIES.
First race— Orient, Pilgrim Girl,
Bandillo.
Second race — My Surprise, Will
Shelly, Optimo.
Third race — Dekaber, Roger
Smith, Pourquoi Pas.
Fourth race — Little Scout, Dan
McKenna, Flintlock.
Fifth Tace — Hegira, Pyrrho, Deer
hunter.
Sixth race-^-Athena, Ingolthrift,
Dave Sommers. •
Sixth race, seven furlongs, selling, two-year
olds and upward — Elle 00, Getchel 83, Ingol
thrlft HX, Helen Print 106, Reducer 101, Frank
Collins 35, Hindi 95, Bugelhorn 88, £lrd Pond
P.->, Can and Gown 93. Athena 95. AlPfcrette *5,
Second Mate 1CS, Dave Sommer* 106.
ST. LOUIS SELECTIONS.
By the New York Telegraph.
Fifth race, one and an eighth miles, selling,
three-year-olds and upward — Deer Hunter M,
Heglra 'J3. 1-tndenella OS, Kin^stelle 85. Mor
ris Volnvr OS, Baronet 106. Dr. Hart 38,
Pyrrho 100, Pathos »4. Cocswell 104.
Third race, one mile and seventy yards,
thre«>-year-ol<Js — Feronia 104, Pourquol Pas 10*.
Burke Corkran 104, Roger Smith 107. Treacy
io:t. Dekaber 104, Valeat 92, Flintlock 100.
Utilp S<cout 112, Jack Young: 102. Dan Mc-
Kenna K>C.
ST. LOUIS. Oct. IS.— Entries:
First race, five and & half furlong-g, two
yeax-olds — Edna Daniels 102. Maxros« 114. Or*
McKlnney 111. Woods Perry 111, Merrle
GforBe 110. Orient 111, Ida Davis 111, Caryota
111. Bandillo 105, Enlshone 110, Tom Marking
111, Has du Geschen 111, Klngsboro 114, Pil
grim Girl 111.
Second race, *ix furlonsn, selllne. three
year-oldF and upward — Alymer Bruce 105,
Genrjre Vivien 105, Harold Parker 103, General
Prig OS. Venus Victrlx 108, Optimo 1C5. Tenny
lUlle 110. Will Shelly 103. Kleanor Howard
100, Kitty G 110. My Surprise 95. Great Star
110, Jean Gravler IOC, C'ommona 110.' Military
105.
ST. LOUIS ENTBIES.
After luncheon music. Scotch dances and
songs were enjoyed. On the return trip
the wind was light until the straits were
reached, when the breeze freshened, and,
with th« aid of the ebb tide, carried the
yachts to their moorings In good season.
The San Francisco and California yachts
had a cruise to McNears on their sched
ules for Saturday night. Among the
yachts which reached the rendezvous were
the sloops Queen and Challenger.
Third race — Mamie "Worth Contu
sion, Auriesville.
Fourth race — Wotan, Outcome,
Precious Stone.
Fifth race — Pulsus, Duke of Ken
dal, Hurstbourne.
Sixth race — Panique, Piquita,
Dutiful.
Yesterday morning several yachts es
sayed to reach the rendezx-ous, among
them b?*ng the yawls Seven Bells, Arc
turus and Phyllis and the sloops Thelma,
Josie, Belle. Sane Souci, Neptune, Nixie.
Nellie and Emilie. Frank E. Baker'a
sloop Dmllie, sailed by Frank Bartlett,
distanced the sloops Nixie, Aeolus, Amlgo
and several others, but could not make
Corinthian Cove against a strong ebb tide,
the wind petering 1 out.
On the shore at Corinthian Cove yester
day' the annual baseball gam« was played
between the "Keegans" and the "Shorts,"
captained by "Keegan" Schober and
"Jack" Short. After the "Keegans" had
scored about six runs they refused to play
any longer and Umpire J. H. Keefe
awarded the game to their opponents.
An abundant supply of eatables and
drinkables was taken to the rendezvous
yesterday morning by a launch flying the
private signal of Port Captain J. H.
Keefe.
Nearly a score of Corinthian Club
yachts reached the rendezvous at Corin
thian Cove early yesterday morning or on
Saturday night. Among them were the
flagship Edna, the sloops Speedwell,
Kmmj, Truant, Gcnesta, Fleetwing, Cu
pid, Discovery. Harpoon. Meteor. Beaver,
Phoenicia and Mischief. The yachts
which started on Saturday evening from
Tlburoh had a fair breeze as far as the
quarantine hulk Omaha. At that point
the wind died out, but the flood tide car
ried the boats to the anchorage In the
cove.
Light Breezp and Ebb Tide
BriDg Boats Back to
Moorings.
Harlem Judges Forced
to Reinstate "Danny"
Tiburon Tars Assemb.
at Corinthian
Cove.
POLITICIS
COERCE TURF
AUTHORITIES
YACHTSMEN PLAY
BASEBALL MATCH
ANGELS BID FANS FAREWELL AT RECREATION PARK,
TAKING TWO MORE GAMES FROM THE OAKLAND TEAM
SPORTS OF THE AMERICAN RUNNING TURF, THE BASEBALL DIAMOND, THE SHOOTING RANGE AND THE FIELD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1903*
CARACAS, Oct. 18.— Dr. Jose Jesus Paul
has been appointed special agent of Venezuela
to The Hague Arbitration Tribunal. Dr. Paul
wa» formerly Venezuelan Commissioner before
the French and American mixed tribunal here.
5
ADVERTISEMENTS. • •
««*. equal j^£jgaiTSSpecial Information supplied daily, to
business i houses and public men by tn*
Press : Clipping Bureau - (Allen's), 230 Cali
fornia street Telephone Main ¦ 1042. • -
Because his wife called him a bow-legged runt an
aggrieved husband of this city says he was made to
suffer keenest mental agony arid given a good reason^
for divorce. y A fellow always has a right to object
not to what he is but to what he is called. .
.Townsend's California glace fruits and
candles, 50c a • pound, in artistic flre
etcbed boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market st.. above Call bldg. •
From the Tulare Register.
> The San Francisco Call fully appreci
ates the fact that upon the development
of the agricultural resources of California
depends the prosperity of the State, and
it is not " slo'ww in * lending its very helpful
aid to that development. . There is no
spirit of provincialism manifest in The
CalL
The Cal! Aids the State.
The murder of two girls in this city by jealousy
crazed, jilted lovers, which has aroused and outraged
the community, has provoked a natural inquiry. Has
the. time come when American girlscannot be given
the protection "which is afforded to vagrant dogs on
the streets? , . .'
Mrs. Mary Nelligan, 1259 O'Farrell
street, reported to the police yesterday
that r she -had left her chatelaine purs<5
containing $22 on a bench on the south
main drive near the bicycle rest. Golden
Gate Park, on Saturday afternoon. Mrs.'
Schwalbe, 1030 Howard street, also re
ported that i she left her chatelaine bag
containing $1 50 on a bench near^fche^music
stand.
Leave Chatelaines in Park.
SAND PAPER— Subscriber, City. What
is commonly known as sand paper Is not
prepared with sand, but with finely pow
dered common window glass, that having
a greenish. tint being the best. The pow
dered glass is sifted through sieves of dif
ferent sizes for coarse and fine paper.
Then' coarse paper is covered with thin
glue and the powdered glass Is sifted
upon it. After standing a day or two,
until thoroughly dried, the surplus glass
Is shaken off- and the paper Is ready to
be prepared for the market.
A local man, pathetically pleading, wants a divorce
because he says his wife spends his money for liquor
and meat for seven dogs. Perhaps the lady is in
training for the position of poundmistress. She cer
tainly possesses one of the necessary qualifications
for the position, if not both. ;
NEW YORK SIDEWALKS^Subscriber,
Oakland, Cal. In the city, of New York
the width of sidewalks on streets forty
feet wide Is ten feet; fifty feet wide, thir
teen feet; sixty feet wide, fifteen feet;
seventy feet wide, eighteen feet; eighty feet
wide, nineteen feet, and above eighty feet
wide and not exceeding 100 feet, twenty
feet; and on all streets more than 100 feet
wide, twenty-two feet.
Judging from the allegations in a divorce suit re
cently filed in this city it seems that some people in
sist upon garbing the airy fancies of sentimentality
with brute realism. The husband, Who is being sued
for divorce on the ground that he. threatened to cut
his wife's heart out, probably believes that when she
said she would give him her Heart she meant so
literally. He is lamentably defective in imagination.
MANGANESE— O., City. Manganese Is
one of the heaviest of metals. It Is of a
grayish white color with metallic bril
liancy, is capable of high polish. Is so
hard as to scratch glass and steel and is
non-magnetic. As. a metal it is used in
the steel processes. ¦ Manganese Is correc
tive of the ill effects of phosphorus.
While we arc sympathizing with our friends who
are being butchered in Macedonia' reflecting upon
the unkind fate of, the Jews in Russia, marveling at
the. bloody insurrections in' China and speculating
upon the' outcome of the row between Russia and
Japan, let us not forget that the ladrones and the
head-hunters are abroad in the land. and are making
life strenuous for Uncle Sam's soldiers in the Philip
pines.
HOPE— A Reader. City. The position of
the figure representing Hope in chains
and with hands uplifted means that the
woman, being in chains, has appealed
to have them taken off and be restored
to freedom, and she hopes that her
prayer will be answered.
AMERICANS as well as men of British birth
deplored the death of Sir -Hector Macdonald,
the hero of the British army, under-circum
stances that seemed to leave his name smirched with
dishonor and shame. The sad story will be readily
recalled. Macdonald, a boy of poor parentage, en
tered the British army as a private and fought his way
up to the rank of major general, winhing the Victoria
Cross on the way. He was the idol of the rank and
file of the army and was honored 'by the ablest and
foremost of the officers. He was in England enjoy
ing the honors he had won when a summons came
to him to return to Ceylon to answer charges gravely
affecting his character. He started to Ceylon, but at
Paris committed suicide, and thus seemingly con
fessed himself incapable of clearing his fame of the
charges brought against him.
Even at the time there were men who knew him
well who did not hesitate to maintain his innocence
and to attribute his suicide to a form of insanity that
not. infrequently occurs in vigorous minds of natives
of the temperate zone who have overworked them
selves in the tropics. It now appears that the view
of these faithful friends is correct and that the brave
soldier was not the guilty creature scandal pro
claimed him.
Shortly after the suicide six commissioners were
appointed to inquire into the circumstances attending
and affecting the death of Macdonald. The commis
sion has'now reported, and the Westminster Gazette
in reviewing the findings says: "The report is pub
lished from the Government buildings, Colombo, and
says that the commissioners, individually and collect
ively, declare on oath that, after the most .careful,
minute and exhaustive inquiry and investigation of
the whole of the circumstances and facts connected
with the sudden and unexpected death of the late Sir
Hector Macdonald, they unanimously and unmis
takably find absolutely no reason or cause whatso r
ever which would create feelings such as wouM de
termine suicide in preference to conviction of- any
crime affecting the moral and irreproachable chafac-
A SCANDAL EXPLODED.
RELIANCE —JR., City. If you will
write a letter of inquiry to the New York
Yacht Club, New York City, the secretary
may Inform you "what percentage of the
crew that sailed the yacht Reliance dur
ing the recent race were born In the Uni
ted States."
Court revelations of the character and conduct of
the shipbuilding trust indicate that the organizers of
the concern took unwarranted liberties with the
English language in naming it. It should have been
called a corporation established, encouraged and pro
tected to rob the public under due process of law.
In a police court its methods wquld be characterized
as robbery; in the world of dishonest finance they
are business propositions.
PRESIDIO— J., City. The acreage of
the military reservation at the Presidio
is 1540 acres.
p.- ' L, Vernier, French Bishop of the
Friendly Islands, who Is regarded in the
light 'of a ruler among the natives of
South Pacific communities, and his young
son were passengers on the steamer Mari
posa, which arrived from Tahiti yester
day. As is his custom about every two
years the Bishop is making a trip to
France to visit his old home.
Allan Pollok, manager of the new St.
Francis Hotel, has returned from the
East,: whither he went a month ago on
business connected with the hotel enter
prise. He said yesterday that it Is ex
pected the St. Francis will be opened In
January.
John Rosene, manager of the companies
which have acquired oig concessions on
the Siberian coast, is at the Palace.
United States Senator William A. Clark
arrived from Los Angeles yesterday and
is registered at the Palace. He will re
main here until after the bankers* con
vention.
Byron Waters of Los Angeles, former
claim agent of the Southern Pacific Com
pany, is at the Occidental.
Dr. and Mrs. William Major of Agua
Callente, Mexico, arrived at the Occiden
tal yesterday.
E. C. Smith, a banker of Pacific Grove,
is at the Grand.
Attorney F. C. Lusk . of Chico is regis
tered at the Palace.
Frank Cox, Representative to Congress
from Arizona, is at the Palace.
William R. Thorsen, a wealthy timber
man of Milwaukee, is at the Palace.
Parker Wilson, a capitalist of Stockton,
and his wife are staying at the Grand.
A. J. Fairbanks, proprietor of the new
hotel at Wlllits, is registered at the Lick.
D. Annan, cashier of the Second Na
tional Bank of Cumberland, Md., is at the
Grand.
YACHT CLUB— Y. Herbert E. Case Is
th<» secretary of the San Pedro Yacht
Club.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
The crafty owners of that clever pilfering device,
the nickel-in-the-slot machine, seem to be proof
even against retributive justice. Two burglars were
cheated a few days in Redding in their efforts to
steal stolen money from one of the machines, as the
device began to tune a musical air just as it was being
rifled. There are at least two savage breasts in
Shasta that music will not soothe.
¦ During the life of the St. Louis Exposition 178
conventions of national repute will meet in the expo
sition city. Realizing the value of these conventions
to any community, the commercial bodies of Denver
have decided to ask San Francisco and other coast
cities to co-operate with Denver in an effort to secure
these assemblies for 1905 and share their presence and
the. advantages which will follow. In such a plan as
this San Francisco has much to gain, for she has wx>n
much from the simple opportunity of showing people
what she has to offer.
Japan's navy is apparently ready for
any contingency. A fleet of twenty-seven
vessels has been lying for several weeks
at Sasabo awaiting orders rrom the Min
ister of the Navy- The fleet engaged In
maneuvers for several days between
Kyushu and the Korean coast The fleet
consists of four battleships— Asalle, Shl
klshima. Hatsuse and Yashima; five ar
mored cruisers — Azuma, Chiyoda. Idzumo.
Iwace and Tokiwa; and three protected
cruisers— Kasagi. Chitore and Yoshino.
This imposing fighting fleet is further sup
plemented with the Oshimo and Chlhaya,
gunboats, thirteen destroyers and a num
ber of torpedo-boats.
at least thirty months' practical experi
ence In a machine shop. The apprentice la
first given a three months' course In naval
¦drill and discipline, succeeded by nine
months' technical instruction on ships In
the home squadron, and Is then promoted
to "applicant." After two years' further
service at sea and one year at school of
instruction he is prepared to take the ex
amination for engineer "aspirant." A
service of four years Is required in that
grade before he takes nnotfcer examina
tion and receives . bis commission as an
officer In the engineer corps. It thus re
quires eight years to become an assistant
engineer in the German navy, during
which period frequent examinations te3t
the fitness of the person- This ccurse ap
plies to seagoing engineers only and the
technical corps is officered by men of emi
nent scientific and practical ability.
OFFICER WHO SEEKS TO IN
CREASE EFFICIENCY OF HIS
DEPARTMENT.
The latest volume of Nauticus, a year
book relating to Germany's maritime af
fairs, contains an interesting resume of
the personnel question in the several na
vies, especially dealing with the functions
of military and engineer officers. It con
tends that each branch is so distinct in its
requirements as to make a combination
of the two out of the question. In Ger
many, as in the United States and Eng
land, changes have been made with a view
of improving the organization of the en
gineer officers' corps. The plan went Into
operation in 1900 and its erfect will soon
be ascertained. Young men desirous of
becoming engineer officers must have had
Various alleged Improvements have
been rtiade from time to time in contriv
ances for ascertaining the speed of ships
at sea, but the results have been unsatis
factory. M. Guyon has suggested to the
Paris Academy of Sciences a return to
the oldest form of line lop with certain
modifications. The float Is replaced by a
light calico bag containing a little sand,
the resistance of which Is sufficient to
form a satisfactory fixed point. The. line
is laid in coils and not on a roll, and is
fitted with a simple ' electrical Indicator.
An accuracy of 1 per cent is obtained
with this arrangement, whereas the latest
metallic speed Indicator used in most na
vies do not come nearer than 3 per cent to
the actual velocity and are utterly unre
liable, at high speeds. The new line log
has therefore been recommended for use
in the French navy.
total of 16,000 miles was steamed by each
of the two vessels, the Europa with boil
ers five years old, and at the end of the
trip neither showed defects of any kind.
The Spartiate upon her return from
China Joined the fleet In maneuvers and
added 9000 miles to her 16,000 miles, and
when the ship was paid off the btflers
were In good condition. One of the many
instances indicating: the value of these
boilers Is the Spartiate's steaming record
from Plymouth to Gibraltar, when she
covered 1090 miles in tactics, ec, burning
230 tons of coal, which Is equivalent to
nearly four, miles on one ton of coal ftt
13 knots, and that is a record not touched
by any other type of boiler.
But it must not be inferred from all this that busi
ness as a rule is stagnant Far from it Many lines
of trade still report an excellent movement with a fair
margin of profit* Many branches of manufacture are
still actively employed, with orders placed ahead.
The railway earnings thus far in October are 6.2 per
cent larger than last year and 12.7 larger than in 1901.
The New England shoe factories are reporting ship
ments heavier than in any previous year. The woolen
trade also reports rather better sales than of late,
though the raw product is quieter. The Eastern
cotton mills have not yet fully resumed and are not
buying heavily at present *Dry goods are reported
dull at many places, but the movement in groceries
and provisions is said to be better, following easier
prices. The wholesale and jobbing buyers, however,
are proceeding cautiously 'and not ordering every
thing in sight as they have heretofore done during
the past four or five years. The~haturar law of sup
ply and demand is now being observed.
Briefly the country is recovering from its recent
fever. It has lost considerable 'financial' flesh, but its
reduced.weigbtwiir turn-out to be -a good thing for
the commercial body. Too much profusion is worse
than adversity, for the former results in consuming
fever, while the latter is a most excellent corrective.
We have not been seriously hurt and probably will
not be.
OMMERCIAL reports from most sections of
I the country last week indicated a continued
quieting down in general business and the
fall demand was reported considerably less than for
several years past. The bank clearings tended to con-'
firm these reports, as they showed a falling off of 24,3
per cent from the corresponding week in 1902 with
about half of the largest cities on the wrong side of
the exhibit. The loss at New York was 36.7 per cent,
though much of this was doubtless due to tlje shrink
age of values on the Stock Exchange and the lack of
speculative activity which prevailed during most of the
week. The failures throughout the country were 208,
against 206 last year.
Business is still good in the West, but the farther
cast the reports go the quieter business gets. The
Pacific slope reports the movement fully as good as
at this time last year. Hence it will be seen that a
certain wave of comparative inactivity is proceeding
across the country from east to # west and that it ha?
not yet reached this coast. It is interesting to note
in this connection that there seems to be a universal
and undeviating law that all movements and changes,
religious, social and commercial, move over the
world from east to west, traveling with the sun, and
that this law has operated as far back as the records
of the human race show. The tide of population has
ilmost invariably followed this great law.
It is generally agreed now that the direct cause of
this quieting down in business is the great shrinkage
in speculation and prices in Wall street. It took
months for this shrinkage to affect general business,
ttrt it did at last. Money stringency was not the
cause, for money is reported easy everywhere, there
being less demand for it. Collections arc slower than
they have been, though no serious complaints on this
score are heard. The general tendency in all lines is
toward a lower plane of prices, including farm prod
ucts, merchandise and manufactured goods, though
the downward movement is very gradual and normal
and apparently a natural recession from inflated valua
tions to more moderate prices. When the adjustment
is completed and prices are where they ought to be
we may consider business as once more on a normal.
basis.
There is not, nor has there been, anything sensa
tional about this gradual readjustment. Spasms have
occurred in Wall street, and every now and then some
great trust quietly disintegrates of its own weight;
but the v movement is noiseless, like the silent sliding
away of a snow bank. The great banking interests
have put the brakes on the decline from time to time, .
just as they did on the advance when it became too
feverish. The great bulk of the loss has fallen on the
•rich and very little of it on the poor. The slump in
Wall street has been frequently styled "a rich man's
panic" As pointed out in this column some months
ago, it was largely a paper loss and rather a disap
pointment in anticipated profits than an actual money
loss. True, a good deal of actual money has been
sunk in inflated speculation and overexpanded invest
ments, but the paper loss has been much larger than
the real loss in dollars and cents. This is probably
the reason why the shrinkage has thus far not been
accompanied by any pronounced financial stringency.
Of the two evils the country has suffered the least
TRADE STILL QUIETING DOWN.
The general idea entertained is that the greatest
need is the improvement of roads. 'The recommenda
tion is made that the great highway through the
county to the Sonoma line be modernized. From
Sausalito to San Rafael it is in excellent condition and
also a few miles north from the last mentioned city.
"It leads through a picturesque country that is
touched by the railroad at only two points and would
be a source of pleasure to thousands if it were in the
condition that the ideas of to-day demand."
Then again it is proposed that the ro|ji around
Point San Pedro that has been discussed during
twenty years by the people of San Rafael should be
constructed. "It would be the star attraction of San
Rafael and would pay for its cost five or six times in
a year in the business it would bring."
A new road is also suggested to reach the Nicasio
Valley to open up the country between Nicasio and
Point Reyes. "There is no more beautiful country in
the State than that comprised between Nicasio and
Point Reyes townships, but they are pretty much a
closed book to the multitude who travel on wheels of
one sort or another under the existing conditions."
The rough estimate of $150,000 is given as the cost
to^provide the roads in the county "that would sim
ply transform it and leave it without a rival in its
own line around the bay of San Francisco." '• v
To educate the people to the advantages to be de
rived from good roads to open up all the scenic beau
ties of Marin County the Tocsin would have an im
provement club formed comprised of the leading men
of each section of the county who have leisure 1 and
inclination to give definite attention to the subject.
It says: "Several problems will have to be considered,
among them being the 'passage of a constitutional
amendment permitting the issuance of bonds for such
a purpose, as the bonds of Sacramento County for a
like purpose were once rejected on legal grounds.
But if the work is once placed in strong hands all
obstacles will give way, and now that public interest
seems aroused is the time to make a start."
EDITOR JAMES H. WILKINS of the Marin
County Tocsin is exhorting the people of
Marin County to "prepare a great pleasure
ground for a city that will before long contain 1,000,
000 inhabitants." The county can, he says, "be made
.1 land of homes for those who love nature. and have
the means and leisure to gratify their tastes. To ac
complish this it is only necessary to improve the op
portunities that the Creator has placed before us."
The preliminary step to be taken, so writes the
editor, is to have "a careful and intelligent investiga
tion by men familiar with the topography of the dif
ferent localities, men of taste, experience and broad
gauge minds, who can consider the subject as a whole
and not with any narrow desire to secure some selfish
advantage for themselves." • •
EMBELLISHING MARIN.
The spectacle of a murderer weeping over his
dread work when confronted by the dumb evidence
that cold-bloodedly, deliberately and heartlessly he
had cut the thread of a defenseless girl's life, had de
stroyed the happiness of two families and had
shocked the city by a dastardly crime, was before a
Coroner's jury a few days since. Tears from him
under such conditions mock the dead.
MONDAY ....OCTOBER 19, 1W
JOHN D. STOCKELS, .Proprietor.
Addrtw All Commgnlcations to JOHN t McNAUGMT. Mincer.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~ TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You 'With the Department Tou Wish.
PUBLICATION OFFICES... Market and Third, 9. F.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 317 to 321 SteTemou St.
Delivered by Carriers, 20 Cta. Per Week, 75 Cts. .
Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
TMtbs br Mall, including TomUf (Cuh With Ord«1:
DA3X.T CAT-T- (including Sunday), on* year SS.0O
DAILT CALL rtnehuUnc Sunday), 6 months *^X>
DAILY CALL— By Single Month *5«
6TJKDAT CALL. One Tear «•»*»
WEEKLT CALL, On* Tew 1-°°
f Daily... »8-9O P«r Tear Extra
FOREIGN POSTAGE....... 4 Sunday- 4.15 Pw Tear Extra
I Weekly.. 1.0O Per Tear Extra
All postmaster* are authorised to roeelTO
1 subscriptions.
Cample copies *rC! t» forwardes when requested.
titil rebscribert la orCertnr chaste of addreai rtwaia be
particular to rive both NEW AND OU> ADDRESS la order
to Insure a prompt and cerrect comptlacoe with their request.
OAKLAXD OFFICE.
1118 Broadwar TelephOBe Wain 1O83
BERKELEY OFFICE.
£148 Center Street Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
MORTON B. CRAKE 14O6 G Street, W. "W.
NEW TORS NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 31 Union Square; j
Murray BUI Hotel: Ftfth-areooe Hotel tnd Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House: P. O. Nen Co.: Great Northern Hotel:
Treaont House: Auditorium Hotel: Palmer Houee. ',»"•'>
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROG\ESS. . . . Hnrqnette Bnlidtn*
tLoeff Distance Teln>hor.e. * # Central 2619.")
, . *
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay. open
cctil'B:S0 o'clock. 200 Hayes, op*n until 9:30 o'clock. 6S3
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. €15 Larkln. open until
• :SO o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2391
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Va-
lencia, open until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
e'clotk. NE. corner Church and Duncan streets, open
ccttl 9 o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky,
eprn until » o'clock. £200 Flllmore. open until 9 o'clock.
PERSONAL MENTION.
A' valuable seam of coal,< available for
naval purposes, has been struck on the
Glencraig Colliery, Fifeshire, about two
miles from the new naval base at St:
Margarets Hope, Scotland. The coal mina
is adiacent to the future anchorage of
warships, making the discovery of inesti
mable value to the navy.
The successful trial of the Belleville
boilers of the British cruiser Spartiate
closes the battle of the boilers. The com
mission which, lifter several years of ex
haustive and expensive trials, .condemned
the Belleville type as unfit for use in ships
of war is coming in for a gooJ deal of
criticism and it Is charged that politics
were at the bottom of the business. The
opposition to the Lord Spencsr adminis
tration was led by William Allen, a Radi
cal of the most pronounced kind. He was
dead set against water-tube boilers cf
any klna and it was deemed good politics
to throw discredit on the party that had
introduced this kind of boiler in_the navy.
Another combination known as the anti-
Bellvilles joined forces with the Allen op
position because the boilers were of
French make, and a stuffed board did
what was required of it. The plan, how
ever, miscarried, for Rear Admiral May,
Controller of the Navy, cared more for
naval efficiency than for politics, and, dis
regarding the boiler committee and its
verdicts, selected two Belleville cruisers,
the Europa and Spartiate, for a cruise to
China and back under war conditions^ A
The British Admiralty has awarded con
tracts for three armored cruisers to the
Fairfleld Company at Glasgow. Armstrong
at Newcastle and Vickers at Barrow. The
ships are to be of the Duke of Edin
burgh type, 480 feet in length, 13,020 tons
displacement, 24.000 horsepower and 22 1-3
knots speed, as compared with the Black
Prince and Duke of Edinburgh, having
480 feet length. 13.550 tons displacement,
23,500 horsepower and 22 knots epeed. The
belt « n<1 .side armor is of 6-inch Krupp
steel and the gun protection of heavy and
secondary batteries are of the same thick
ness. The main battery is composed of
six 9.2-inch and ten 6-lnch. Another ship
of the same class Is to be built at one
of the dockyards, making six vessels sim
ilar to the California class, of which six
are being built for the United States
Navy.
. It !s,over four and a half years since
the personnel law went into effect, by
which the Engineer Corps ceased to exist
as a distinct organization In the navy.
The engineers were merged with the line
and of the 184 former engineer officers
in July, 1899, only 141 remain, the rest
having either died, resigned or retired.
Of the present total 23 are exempt from
sea service, leaving only iJ5 available for
service afloat. To make up for the with
drawal of commissioned engineer officers
the grade of warrant machinist was es
tablished, beginning, in 1900, with 100 men
and was recently Increased to 150,and these
warrant officers, \together with enlisted
machinists; have satisfactorily performed
the duties of commissioned engineers on
board ships. Engineer in Chief Melville
was somewhat pessimistic regarding the
ability of warrant machinists and prophe
sied t all sorts of disastrous results, but
fortunately none of them have material
ized; ships come and go as they were
wont to; there have been no serious break
downs and no visible Increase in repair
bills. The torpedo-boats are run by prac
tical engine drivers, and the efficiency of
the navy as a whole does not seem to have
been impaired by substituting experi
enced warrant officers at J1200 a 'year for
the high salaried naval academy grad
uates.
chinery, but it is somewhat dif
ferent when it conies to designing engines
for future ships. The new engineer in
chiefs-Rear Admiral C. W. Rae, chief of
the Bureau of Steam Engineering, has
recommended the appointment of a board
to; report upon the subject of training line
officers in engineering. The board,' com
posed of Captain Converse, Commander
Perry, formerly an engineer, and Lieu
tenant C. Davis, Is to report on the estab
lishment of an engineering school x for
officers, and^m" the period in tneir pro
fessional career in which officers 'should
receive this instruction. It would seem
that the best instruction would be on
board, ships by the warrant machinists.
If the officer is really desirous of knowing
the working of engines and the. proper
way of keeping up steam, he can learn
more in the engine and boiler room in a
ship in commission in three months than
he will know after a year's course at an
engineering, school. As it is now, the
mere presence of a line officer on the
engine-room platform does not raise the
steam one *ound nor add to ,the revolu
tions of the propellers. As for the de
signers of "machinery, there is no scarcity
of such outside of the navy.
THE navy afloat is not seriously in
. need of highly scientific persons
to run and take care of the ma-
AS the municipal campaign progresses it becomes
more and more evident that despite the ap
pearance of three tickets in the field we are
to have in the closing days of the contest, a straight
issue between two parties, with. the third ticket vir
tually out of the fight It is of course natural that it
•houjd be so, for in American politics there is no
room for a third party as a permanent factor. In the
practical work of government there must be an ad
ministration party and an opposition party, but for
a third party, which is neither one thing nor the
other, there is no place whatever in practical politics.
In the present contest we have the administration
represented by the Mayor himself, seeking re-election
by an appeal to those discontented elements of the
population which two years ago were powerful enough
to profit by a division of sentiment among conserva
tives and elect him to office. The natural opposition
to such a municipal government is the Republican
party, for that party has ever been the party of pros
perity and contentment, the party whose great policy
of protection to. American industry carries benefits to
capital and labor alike. In municipal as in national
politics that party stands for harmony of sentiment
and unity of effort among all classes of Americans.
It is therefore inevitable that the great masses of the
conservative people of the city should look to it for
leadership in making a fight against the factions that
are seeking to continue in power an administration
founded upon class prejudices and devoted mainly to
the advancement of the personal fortunes of a few
leaders.
From the very opening of the campaign the ten
dency has been toward drawing the line clearly be
tween the party of prosperity headed by Mr. Crocker
and the party of discontent led by Schmitz and Ruef.
It may be that some conservative Democrats do not
see the futility of Lane's candidacy, but there is no
misconception of the subject on the part of the dis
contented elements of the party. Those elements are
not going to throw away their votes by voting for
Lane,. They are going to vote for Schmitz, .and
accordingly the candidacy of the Mayor is formidable.
That is the issue which gives importance to the can
vass, and the fact should be carefully* pondered by
every citizen who desires not only a good government
of the municipality, but the elimination of class preju
dices and dissensions from local politics.
Lane and Schmitz recognize that they are appealing
to the same class of voters, and accordingly each is
doing his best or his worst to discredit the other.
The campaign between them ranges daily from farce
comedy to mud slinging. There has been as yet no
open affray between the personal partisans of the two
leaders, but there have been occasions when red pep
per was strewn in halls where speaking was to occur
and decayed fruit thrown at the heads of spellbinding
orators. Such campaigning is doubtless offensive to
Mr. Lane, but the very fact that he is mixed up in it
shows the quality of the factional spirit that, con
fronts him and to which he must appeal.
While such tactics are being used by the followers
of Lane and of Schmitz the campaign of Mr. Crocker
and of his colleagues on the Republican ticket has
been steadfastly maintained on the high plane of rea
son and personal dignity. That fact in itself is suf
ficient to show the nature of the forces that are back
of the Republican organization in this contest. They
are forces that tend to harmony and good will among
all classes of citizens. Mr. Crocker is not a business
man's candidate any more than he is a workingman's
candidate. He is a genuine Republican asking sup
port of his fellow citizens upon the broad platforms
of Republicanism, which in their essential elements
are virtually the platforms of good citizenship.
Attention has been directed in our local columns
to a phase of the contest that should not be over
looked. Ample experience has shown that with each
successive ballot law many votes are lost by reason
of mistakes in preparing ballots. Such being the
case it will be advisable in this election for every Re
publican to vote a straight ticket so that no excuse
may be given for the judges to throw it out. We
ought moreover to have a good straight Republican
victory this year as a preparation for the coming
Presidential election. This is a contest in which the
Republican party is the only organization in the field
that stands for straight politics. It is. but right
therefore that its loyal members should vote the
straight ticket and make the victory a clean sweep.
REAR ADMIRAL RAE PLANS TRAINING
NAVAL LINE OFFICERS IN ENGINEERING
ter of so brave a hero. The commissioners further
state that* 'they believe the suggestions of crime were
prompted through feelings of spite.' " . -- — « -
The world has rjot so many heroes that it can af
ford to surrender the fame of any of them to scandal
mongers who delight in "maligning the brave. Mac
donald-was a man of the type that Americans espe
cially delight to honor. He was one of the humbly
born, whose heroic hearts are capable of daring all
dangers and fighting their way to eminence against
all odds. Such lives are an inspiration to the youth
of every land and of every age. We cannot afford to
lose the influence of their memory, and consequently
throughout the civilized world there will be no little
satisfaction in the report that clears the fame of the
gallant soldier who, weakened by years of toil under
tropic suns, broke down under the strain put upon
him by spiteful slanderers.
STRAIGHT POLITICS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAIIL, MONDAY;^ OCTOBER 19, 1903.
6
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
DESTROY THE CAUSE.
You Cannot Cure Dandruff Without
Destroying- the Cause of It.
Many people wash their scalps Saturday
night or Sunday to try to keep the dan-
druff down for the week, but on Monday
night the scalp has begun to itch, and
Tuesday morning will find a good supply
of dandruff when the hair is brushed.
There is but one real scientific way of
curing dandruff; and that is to kill the
germ that causes It and falling hair and
finally baldness. There is only one prep-
aration that will destroy the germ, and
that is Newbro's Herpicide. It is an en-
tirely new discovery and the only hair
preparation that is based on the new sci-
entific principle. In addition Herpicide is
a very refreshing hair dressing for reg-
ular toilet use. Sold by leading drug-
gists. Send 10c In stamps for sample to
The Herpicide Co., Detroit. Mich.
CASTOR I A
For Infants and CMldreo.
The Kind You Have Always Bought
Signature of C&aJ c /jf7<&&&t:
«SHIRTS|]
HARE THE BEST Ij
I AT THE PRICE. U
§1 CLUETT, PEABODY &. CO. n
BADWAY'S READ V RELIEF hu stood
unrivaled bef&re the public for 60 years u •
Pain Remedy. It instantly relieve* and auickly
cures all Colds. Sore Throats. Influenza, Bron-
chltl*. Pneumonia. Rheumatism, Neur»lgl*.
.Headache. Toothache and all pain. Internally
tor M&UrU and all Bowel Palaa. All druggist*.NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are plven In the left
hand column and the successive tldea of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last U4M of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the: number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of tie lower low water*
MONDAY. OCTOBER 19.
Sun rises 6:22
Sun eeta 5:27
Moon rises .......5:05 a. oi.
C iTimel JTimTj |Tlme| ITIme
P j j Ft. j ' Ft. I 1 Ft. I Ft.
.¦» |L W| |H W) jL Wl |H W
18 J 3:0!»! On; &:41 5.r-|.3:4fi O.8!1O:1R 5.2
1!) I 3:5lj 1.2|10;20 5.8! 4:S0 O.4|ll:10 5.3
20 1 4:.«1 14 10:57 6.9 5:11 0.0
H Wj L W H W L W
21 I «:05j r..2! 5:13 1.8 11:35 R.8 5:57— 0.2
« j 0:57! R.I 5:51 2.1)12:12 6.7 fi:42j— O.2
23 1:47J n-.O «:.-««( 2.5|12:r>0 5.fi 7:r»oL_O.1
24 2:40* 4.8 7:2l'l 2.8 1:52} 5.3| 8:20j 0.1
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front < Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide I3 the eame at both places.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
L'nited States Coast and Geodetic Survey
Time and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point,' entrance to Kan
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
POMONA, Oct. 18. — This has been the warm
ect October day in Pomona Valley for years.
From noon until sundown the temperature has
ranged from ICO to 102 degrees in the shade.
TULARE. Oct. 18.— City Marshal Martin,
who .was shot by W. Janes while In discharge
of his- duty, died this evening about 7 o'elock.
Martin had placed Janes under arrest last
night for insulting some women and was
searching him before entering the jail, when
Janes, who was intoxicated, pulled out his pis
tol, and,, without a word, shot the marshal.
_^e»mer. | JggT_| «^, e ~ I
,-. October 1O I !" !
S.'/JT""- v-' W Y ° rk Air^- ¦¦¦¦ Pier 2.1 '
Bonlta N'wnorf x- t\--.. I A _ r ¦*** !
Euirk n a a .V.V. ffiS^ flg-| • S-r S \
Pan Pedro.. 1 ! 1*> n Angeles Po7ts.l 4 pmlPier * '
Cororia. Humboldt 1-SOpPleT 9 :
£J ork ---- Humboldt I 5 pm Pier «
S. Portland. A*torla A Portland! 6 pm Pier 9
1 , October 23. I 1 j
jSLA; I- ? v T bo L dt; Way ptB| 2 PmlPier in !
Lmatilla... Puget Sound Ports '11 am Pier 0'
October 24. I |
h. Monica., ixrn Angeles Ports. 10 amlPler 2
Pt. Arena.. p O int Arena 4 pmlPier 2
y " " £ an Pedro & W "y- 9 amlPier II !
rentrmJIa.. Grays Harbor ....I 4 pmlPier 10 >
Barracouta. n. Y . via Panama. 12 mlPier 40 ¦
„,. October 25. { |
G. TV. Elder Astoria A Portland|ll am|Pier 24
. " October 20. I i
J. Dollar... j Seattle * Tacoma. 110 amlPier. 2
Mariposa..-; Tahiti |U am]Pier 7
October 27. t
Nevada n... Honolulu j 3 pmlPier 20
Rival Willapa Harbor ..|4pm|Pier 2
October 2S. I j
Queen Puget Sound Porta.|ll am|Pler 9
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. 1 For. Sails.
Farallon Rkagway & Way Porta. Oct. 20
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports. Oct. 20 :
HumboMt Skagway & Way Ports. Oct. 21 :
Nome City Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Oct. 22
Cottage City.. Skagway & Way Ports. Oct. 26
CltyTopeka.. Bkagway A Way Ports. Oct. 29 I
TO SAIL.
ArtRIVED.
Sunday. October 18.
Sunr Par.ta Barbara, Zaddert, 37 houre from
F*n Pedro.
Ktmr Sar.ta. M'rr'r*. Olsen. 8« hours from ;
'ira-yt Harbor: bound eouth; put in for passen- j
V.-tror Scctia. Ericksen. II hour* from Boweni >
finding.
ftmr Brunswick. Johnson. 15 hours frcm i
Fr.rt Bra«rf.
Ftmr Centmlsa, Erickscm. 06 hour* from
\irayr Harbor.
fcPtmr Afuncicii. Rridg»tt. 36 hours from Re-
V&TldO. • ]
f^tirr Bonita. Alberts. 64 hour* from New
port nnd way ikmif.
Firnr Mariijosa, Renni*. II dsrs 16 hours '
from Papeete.
S-rmr South Bay, Jgtr.ks-tn. 44 hours frcm !
Tt<y3on<l<v
Ptmr Naverro. TlV-h»r. 18 hour? from Men- |
dorlno.
Stmr Arffjll. Oi;»y?T. P <iaj-« from Honolulu.
Stmr MarshfiHd, Dettmer*. 21 hours .frcm
Har.iy Creek.
Hr zizar Tottf nharn. Tpterr. 2.T days from
MoJI.
Frhr Nf^ark. Rclnert^fn. 12 y.ours from
T\"nlFh« Lanfllms.
prhr Brw-ip K. Mf-rrjara. 12 hour« from Ean
Vi'-f-ntc Landing.
Frh'r Alary C", Campbell. 9 hours from Bo-
SAIUED.
Sunday. O-t'iber 18.
Ftmr Rns&, Alexandpr. San Dtego.
Ptmr Han Pedro, Andresen. Eureka.
f-tmr UaJtme. Chrlstenst-n. Eureka.
ftrar <'hico, Martin. Bandon.
. S^tn-.r X*w»hoy. Adler. Eureka.
Fttnr City of Pucbla. Jepsen. Victoria ani
Port Tcwnsf-nd.
£trv.r Fanta Monica, Olsen. Fan Pe-Jro.
Ftmr Fbo'nix. CMland, Mendoclno.
Stmr «>!la. Nordberg. .
Htmr V.'eftrort. Smith. Mrndooino.
ftmr Francis H I>=r?ett. Jahna^n. Tjreka.
Strr.r Centennial. Giilcspie. Seattle, ¦ulth «chr
' Minnie A Calne :ri tow.
Ftrr.r Rainier, Hanscn. P**»tl».
Ftmr Pouth Coast. Olsftn. Caspar.
Hlmr laoua. Bnniflfld. Eureka.
Bark Roderick Dhu. nr.EaJls. Hilo.
Haik iteajx'r. Bra«tlr>r. Port Townf»n4.
¦ fr-'-hr Fuiie M Plumrh»-r. Lund. Taconrn.
Srhr ftrnd»=r Brew. Uarlund. filuslaw Hirer.
Sr-hr Ida FrhruiuT. Mo!!rr. Port Gamble.
Hchr Ida >. Beck, Point Reve*.
hi -'hr Alpha. ISXmHK Ora^e Harbor.
; • outsidb boi;nd in. 10 p m.
AnchorPd off bar. ship Star of Russia.
TELEGRAPHIC.
T'OIVT LOBOS. O<-t IS. 1<*.P m— "W«-athtr
th!-k; wind t=. v*-ioclty 6 miles per hour.
, r»OMF.STIC PORTS.
FAN PEDRO- Arrived Oct 17— Stmr Chas
Nelson. hen<~e Oct 1*. Oct 18 — Kchr Ix>ttie
Ctrnnn. from Kureka.
Pal!«<1 Ori 3*i — 6tmn A!<~«Z2r, Famoa and
T'afadena. for Fan Francleco; «chr Azalea, for.
Hur€k«.
I'OTTT TOWN FEND— Pawed In Oct IS— Schr
Oliver J Olsrr.. from San Pedro, for Everett.
Hall»'<l Oct lx— S«-!ir Makawetl, for Shanghai.
TAT«X>SH— Pt*wd out Oct IS— Bktn John
Valrhfr. from Tar-nma, for Fan Pedro; Br stmr
Tedd.3, from Nar.aimo, for Manila.
SKATTLE— Arnvt-d Oct 18— Stmr City of
Keattle. from Fkagway.
Pallt-d Ort 17— Stmr Dirlffo. for Skagway.
* AKTORIA--Ait1v,J Oct lb— Schr Glenda'.e,
fr"m' Fan P*dro.
WHATCOM-M-fN Oct 18— Stnir Geo Loo
mis, for San FrancU'-o ¦¦'*:
WEfcTPORT— Arrived Oct 18 — Stmr Ruth
henf-e Oct T7.
RKDOXDO- Failed Oct 18— Stmr Brooklj-n,
fr>r Han Frandtoo.
EfUEKA- Arrived Oct 1R— Schr M.tha Nel
%t-n. from Redondo.
* SaUeVJ Oct IJ>— Stmr- North Fork and sehr
Portaaa. for tan Francl»<o; Br bark Adder
ley, for Sydney; rchr Dora Bluhm, for San
Pedro.
ISLAND PORT.
rHONOLULT'— Arrived , Oct 17— Nor bark
Iitmovento, from Sydney.
OCEAN STEAMERS. 1'^
LIZA mi— Paused Oct lu—Etosr DeutJ>ch!and.
from New York, for Plymouth. Cherbourg and
1 Uambcre.
lAVEltVOGlr- Arrived Oct 17— Stmr May
flower, from Boctrn, via Quwnstown. Oct lh—
Stmr Etruria. from New Vork. »ia Quefcn*
town: Rtmr Ccdric, from New York, via
QjjeenetoM-n.
'^OVILLK— Arrived Oct IS— Stmr TMnl^ian.
ir\ Montreal, for Liverpool, and proceeded.
. 'Nf-T'.V YORK— Arrived O^t lg— Stmr La Bre
tesnP. from Havre: «:mr irmbrla. from Liver
p«.iol ' a.r.d Queenctowi,.
, Arrived Oct ii — Stmr t,"nlte<3 Stxteg. from
» Copenhagen, Chrlstlania and ChnsUansland,
Shipping Intelligence.
NEWBERG, Or.. Oct. 18.-Mlss Mllll©
Hoist, a young woman of this place, aged
23 years, committed suicide on the street
last evening by drinking carbolic acid.
She was noticed walking back and forth
before a dry goods store, seemingly In
great distress. A man accosted her and
asked what the trouble was. She replied:
"I've taken carbolic acid. I'm tired of
life."
She was hurriedly taken to her home
and medical aid summoned, but she died
about an hour later. The cause of her
suicide was the refusal of Samuel Gaunt,
a barber at McMlnnvllle, to come to New
berg to see her. The two have been on
close terms for some time and the girl
was much In love.- Just before taking the
poison she had called Gaunt up over the
long distance telephone and asked him to
come down on Sunday. He refused.
A singular coincidence in the case is
that Gaunt's wife committed suicide In
the same way a year ago.
Young Woman Of an" Oregon Town
Drinks Carbolic Acid on a .;¦ . ¦
./ . Street. *"<
ABSENCE OF A LOVER
DRIVES, HER TO SUICIDE
St * atner - ? From. Du ~'
Del Norte.... Crescent City Oe7~19
.SrCi.::-.::-. 85388 ::::::::: :::: g : |
SS:::::::: ! BS&J5 K ".. .— : |g
American New YnrV ~ t- 20
San Pedro. . . g^Voltt T .T™ Kg »
%£enr;i,r.v. &J < 5*£* Shh38S?8
n.v p, "i i. jea^tle ft Tacoma . . . |fw •>«
. **** gpaaa port,. ::;;!;£!;
to arrive.
Movements of Steamers.
Our schools are devoting considerable
time to teaching young ladies the way to
cook, and th* use of gas ranges should
r>e learned by every woman. Buy yours
from San Francisco Gas and Electric Co
41o Post street. •*"
« .,, fctm r Furc ««ia, from Glasgow anj
MovlUe. south of Kire Island at 2 a m.
«ri r r »£l- :TH — Arrived O ct 18-Etmr Kaiserln
Maria Theresa, from New Vork. for Cherbourg
ana Bremen, and Droceeded
for^N>w°V^ aiI^ ° Ct 17 ~ Stmr Mlnnehaha.
ROTTERDAM- Sailed Oct 17— Stmr Xoor-
Sam for New York, via Boulo*ne-Sur-Mer
P a oint JH? *" r P ° rt 17th and PMted Prawi «
QrEEXSTpWX-Sailed Oct IS-Stmr Luca
nla, from Liverpool, for New York
To-day Captain Francis Tuttle gave up
the cpmmand of the Peary. Captain F.
M. Dunwoody succeeds him. The Peary
returned to Port Townsend yesterday.
Lieutenant Hamlet is now executive of
ficer of the Peary and he long held that
place under Captain' Tuttle of the Bear.
Lieutenant Hamlet will leave the Peary
to-day, proceeding at once to Port Town
send and to the command of the Arcata.
Captain Tuttle, who Is somewhat dis
abled on account of rheumatism,- expects
to pass the winter at Byron Hot Springs,
Cal. He leaves to-night for San Fran
cisco.
SEATTLE, Oct. 18.— Lieutenant Harry
G. Hamlet has been appointed command
er of the new United States revenue cut
ter Arcata, which reached Port Town
send Saturday from San Francisco in tow
of the McCulloch. Several other changes
In the revenue cutter service are an
nounced. Captain W. C. Coulson. com
mander of the McCulloch, on the 28th
inst. will be retired. He is to be succeed
ed by Captain O. C. Hamlet, father of
Lieutenant Hamlet. For the -past three
years Captain Hamlet has been superin
tendent of revenue cutter ' construction
and repair work with headquarters at
Sar» Francisco.
Transfer of a Number of Prominent
Officers in Northern
Waters.
CHANGES ARE MADE
ON REVENUE CUTTERS
LONDON. Oct 19.-A dispatch to the
Standard from its correspondent at
Odessa says news has reached there from
Khorassan that 250 lives have been lost
in an earthquake at Turshtz, Persia. Thir
teen towns were destroyed and 5000 per
sons are now homeless.
Two Hundred and Fifty Lives Are
Lost and Thousands of Per
sons Are Homeless.
EABTHQTJAKE IN" PERSIA
RAZES THIRTEEN TOWNS
Almost the entire New York delegation
will be quartered at the Palacfe during the
convention week and will be afforded
every possible oomfort that the hotel can
supply and money demand. The Palace
Hotel. In fact, Is to be the headquarters
of the national association. The marble
room Is to be used as the headquarters
of the hotel committee, the national of
ficers and for registration purposes, and
the maple room as a reception-room for
gentlemen. The small annex will be con
verted into a buffet. The newly and rich
ly furnished empire room. In the same
corridor on the main floor of the hotel, in
to be thrown open as a ladles' reception
parlor, and the writing-room, adjoining It
on the west, will-. also be for the exclu
sive use of the ladles who accompany the
bankers lo the convention. .
C. C. Hay, representing the American
Banker, the official journal of the Bank
ers'. Association, has already arrived' here
for the purpose of arranging for a daily
edition of that paper during the period of
the convention. The convention will open
to-morrow morning, the main business of
the first day being the reading of reports
from the officers of the association.
The special came straight through from
Sacramento, reaching the Oakland mole
shortly before 3 o'clock. -The bankers re
mained there In their coaches for the rest
of the early morning hours.
ELABORATE ACCOMMODATIONS.
The New York bankers' special, which
was originally scheduled to arrive here
early yesterday afternoon, was delayed
en route about eight hours, and did not
roach Sacramento until shortly before
midnight. A stop of. only .five minutes
was made there, but It was long enough
to gratify the curiosity of a large num
ber of people of the capital city, who had
lingered for several hours about the depot
eager to view what 'has been heralded
across the continent as one of the most
magnificent trains that has been put to
gether by the New York Central Railroad
for an overland journey. Although the
hour was late, the majority of the distin
guished travelers, who include former
Secretary of the United States Treasury
Lyman J. Gage, United States Treasurer
Roberts and Banker Brown, head of the
firm of Brown Bros. & Co., who financed
the purchase of the local street railways
by the United Railroads, were, still up.
Carleton C. Crane, local agent of. the Van
derbllt'lines, met the train at Ogden, and
Amos Burr of the name office awaited its
arrival at Sacramento. . • . .
SBiATTLE, Wash., Oct. 18.—Congress
man Francis W. Cushman left last night
for Valdes. where he is associated with
Andrew W. Burlelgh of New York and
United' States Senator W. B. Heyburn of
Idaho in important mining litigation.
Congressman Cushman said this trip may
prevent him from being in Washington at
the opening of Congress.
diging-car, and made the trip direct to
the coast by way of the Uni6n Pacific,
and was under the direction of the Mis
souri and Kansas Bankers' Association.
On leaving Kansas City the party con
sisted of sixty persons, but this number
was rapidly augmented by bankers along
the route. Among the more notable In the
party is B. C. McKnight, president of the
Kansas State Bankers' Association; B. F.
Swinney, chairman. of the executive coun
cil of the national body and C. L. Brokaw,
secretary of the Kansas State organiza
tion. Other sromlnent bankers In the
party from the two Kansas cities are W.
C. Henricl, D. M. Pinkerton. J. G. Strean,
C S -Jobes, E. S. McAnany and J. S.
Thomas. Some of the delegates are quar
tered at the Palace, some at the Lick and
others, who could not be accommodated
there, at the.Langham
NEW YORKEBS ABE DELAYED.
Congressman Leaves for Valdes.
Telephone reports • from Nordhoff say
that the Robinson packing house was de
stroyed, also many acres of oiive trees.
During the night the Government rangers
worked hard, but their efforts were in
vain. The heat in Ojai Valley Is Intense.
Volumes of smoke can be seen from any
part of the county.
VENTURA, Oct. 18.— The mountain fire
on Topatopa Ridge, north of Nordhoft,
took a northwe3t course this morning. It
I*' traveling rapidly along the mountain
ridges and It is feared that it taay go up
Sespe Canyon, in .which case the damage
would be exceedingly heavy.
The fire is now burning: on Pine Moun
tain and Government rangers will try to
stop It by backfiring to-night when the
ocean breexe dies down.
The pilot boat Pathfinder came into port
yesterday with the topnotch "bag" of
birds of the young duck season. Between
mouthful? of succulent teal the skipper
related the tale of the pilot boat's unusual
experience on Saturday night whoa cruis
ing off the htadf in a dense fog. It was
nearly midnight and all was still, save
the dismal swashing of the waves against
the bow of the boat. Suddenly there was
a great whirr of wings and a tremendous
rmash against the main sail, and then,
with a great thud, hundreds of wild ducks
fell to the deck and lay stunned by the
sudden Impact with the vessel. The man
at the helm didn't know what had struck
him and commenced kicking the flutter
ing Wrds overboard right and left. Cap
tain Miller, who was below, bearing the
tumult, rushed on deck in his pajamas
and his eagle eye immediately discerned
that the ducks were a flock of fat an<_
juicy teals. "With "curses not loud but
deep" be ordered the man back to the
helm and succeeded in saving- a fine lot
of big fat birds, not, however, before sev
eral hundred had already been thrown
into the sea. It is the first case of its
kind that has been reported here. The
ducks were evidently making for the port
and flying so last that In the dense fog
they could not see.
At 10:45 o'clock in the evening the sec
ond special train arrived with 125 dele
gates and their wives.from various points
in the Missouri Valley. Oklahoma and
Indian Territory. The special was com
posed of els Pullmans, a baggage and a
AH trains arriving during the day re
inforced the advance guard of financiers.
Individuals representing various banking
concerns remote from the larger Eastern
cities and who could not come by specials,
came by. the regular overland trains, and
In the majority of cases they were ac
companied by their wives and in not a
few Instances ; bv feeveral members of
their families. Although the hotels are
exceptionally crowded for this particular
time of the. year, the local bankers' com
mittee had foreseen this fact far enough
ahead to engage apartments for all vis
itors so that no disappointments were ex
perienced by the new comers.
KANSAS SPECIAL HERE.
Arthur Reynolds. A. H. Wiggins. David
Sloan, A. V. Lane, William George and
John II. Hamilton are members of the
executive council, American Bankers' As
sociation.
John H. Hamilton, vice president Hamilton
& Cunningham Bank. Hoope,ton ill • S H
Solomon. Owensboro. Ky.; aVl. Pariih cashier
Owensboro Savings Bank. OwenKboro. ky and
daughter; C. J. Johnson and wife Dinovan
HLj Thomas Welch, cashier Second National
Bank. Pittsburr. Pa., wife and daugh tn- Da
yid Sloan, president Lonacontng Favfnra Bant
Lonaconing. Md., and Miss Nettle Stone- Mrs'
E. J. Robbins. Cairo. 111.; Mrs Andrew R,«"
jell. Jack.onville. 111.; Mr . and Mr. Alfred
Hannover. Dea Moines, Iowa; J. B. Clark-on
secretary end treasurer Security Trust nnd
Savinrs Bank. Wilmington. Del., and wife- W
H. Coffln. vloe Eau Claire National
Bank. Eau Claire. Wis.. wife and daughter-
Charles O. Austin, vine president National Bank
of North America. Chicago. 111., and wife- E
J. Parker, cashier State Savings Loan Com
pany. Qulncy. III., and wife; John Rath Am?
lla Rath. Lizzie Rath. Clara Rath. Chiles E
Rath, Exchange Bank. Ackley, la • E n'
Berbecker. president Arlington Heights State
Bank. Arlington Heights. 111., wife and I daueh
ter: IF. Thompson, vice president Bankere 1
Trust Co.. New York City; A. Q Lester
Granger Fart-ell & Co.. Chicago, and wife
r>anie! Ar.rmn, Second National Bank Cum
berland. ?ld.. and wife; a. V. Lane vice
president National Exchange Bank. Dallas
Texas, and wife; H. Balle, cashier First Na
tional Bank, New Windsor. Md., and wife-
David McGlll. president First National Bank'
Watseka. III., and wife; Abram Nixon First
National Bank. Coon Rapids. Iowa, and wife-
Charles H. Turner, cashier First National
Bank. Mount Sterling. 111.; W. H. Rohoes
cashl'r L«wlston National Bank. Lewiston'
111., and wife; Geo. H. Hamilton, vice pres|I
dent First National Bank, Watseka, 111 • A
«'. Fernald. secretary Fidelity Insurance Com
pany of American Bankers" Association Hope
eton. III., and wife: Mac C. Wallace," assist
ant cathier First National Bank, Hoopeston
111.; Louis P. Scoville. Ravenswood Exchange
Bank, Chicago. 111.; A. E. Zelheine. Ravens
wood Exchange Bank. Chicago. III., and wife-
It. A. Crawford, president Valley National
Bank. Des Molnea. Iowa; Henry C. ! Wal
beck. cashier German Insurance. Bank
Louisville. Ky.; H. G. Flleth. caehler
National Oerman American Bank, Wan
saw, Wls.. wife - a.nd daughter-
William Georse, president Illinois Bankers 1
Association and Old Second National Bank
Aurora, 111.; Roberdean Annan, cashier First
National Bank, Frostburgh. Md.. and wife-
C. D. Backus, cashier First National Bank'
New York City: C. H. Stout, vice president
Liberty National Bank. Liberty. N. Y. ; David
J. Harris, cashier Pullman Loan, and Savings
Bank. Chicago. 111.; George M.' Reynolds, vice
president Continental National Bank. Chicago,
HI., and wife; Arthur Reynolds, president Des
Moines National Bank, Des Moines, Iowa, and
wife; Joseph E. Otis, president Western Trust
and Savings Bank. Chicago, 111.: David 8. Cul
ver, cashier National German-American Bank.
St. Paul. Minn.: John R, Mitchell, vice presi
dent Winona Deposit Bank. Winona, Minn.;
W. P. Btannaer. cashier Equitable National
Bank. Cincinnati. Ohio; J. D. Powers, presi
dent Tnited States Trust Company. Louisville,
Ky. ; F. D. Monfort. vice president 'Second Na
tional Bank, St. Paul. Minn.; M. S. Sandfnnl,
vice president and cashier Geneva National
Bank. Geneva, N. Y.. and wife: Guy A. Lee,
Triumph Exchange Bank. Triumph. III., and
wife; W. T. Cunningham, president Commercial
Trust and Savings Bank, Danville, III., and
wife; W. B. Geary, cashier St. Paul National
Bank, St. Paul. Minn.: R. L. Rlnaman, secre
tary and treasurer Illinois State Trust Com
pany, St- Louis. Mo.; L. H. Bixby, cashier
Montpelier National Bank, Montpelier, Vt. ; F.
F. Gunther, vice president National Deposit
Bank,* Owensboro. Ky. ; Miss Mae Irwin, Des
Moines, Iowa: Mrs. W. S. Jaynes. Des Molneti.
Iowa; Mrs. A. E. Hamilton, First National
Bank, Watseka. III. ; Mrs. Augusta A. Mark,
Aurora. 111.; L. J. Watklns. cashier First Na
tional Bank. Owensboro, Ky. ; A. H. Wiggins,
vice president National Park Bank, New York
City, end wife; S. L. Marshall and F. Howard
Hooke. The Financial Age, New York City; A.
L. Brown. New York Financier, New York
City: F. W. Mason, th« Burroughs adding ma
chine. Des Moines. Iowa; George F. Lee. gen
eral agent passenger department C R. I. and
P. R. R.. Chicago. III., and wife: G. T. Boggs.
assistant treasurer Rock Island Railway. New
York City: A. D. Boggs, New -York City; Lu
cile Jayncs. D«s Moines. Iowa; B. F. Beard.
Bank of Hardlnsburg, Hardlnsburg, Ky. ; Miss
Eva L. Hensley, Hardlnsburg, Ky.
The following were members of the
Hamilton party: •
HAMILTON PARTY.
The Chicago party is a notable one, in
that it includes some of the biggest men
of the Middle West financial world. The
Rock Island Company made special ar
rangements for the accommodation of the
travelers, who Journeyed westward in a
train of eight Pullmans ajid a buffet car
and a diner, a special that was a duplica
tion, as far as possible, of the train which
is bringing the New Yorkers to San Fran
cisco. Traveling all the way was done at
a high rate of speed, and for the purpose
of anticipating any possible accident the
special waa preceded by a pilot engine.
Stops were made at Denver, Colorado
bprings and Salt Lake City, and at each
place the bankers were the recipients, of
the hospitality of the local bankers The
only accident- to mar the trip westward
occurred' at Reno, where Colonel J D
Powers, through the sudden parting of
two of the cars, was injured by falling
between them. His shoulder was dislo
cated. Arriving in this city, the unfortu
nate gentleman was taken to the Rail
road Hospital for treatment.
The Chicago special was under the
management of John L. Hamilton of
Hoopestown III.; George M. Reynolds of
Chicago and Arthur Reynolds of n e3
Moines. -
The bankers from Chicago and vicinity
who arrived on their special train at the
Oakland mole late Saturday night crossed
to this side of the bay at an early hour
yesterday morning. After securing the
apartments at the Palace that had been
previously engaged for them they took
advantage of the Inviting weather to visit
the ocean beach and other points. By 2
o'clock in the afternoon there was barely
a corporal's guard of the Eastern finan
ciers to be found around the hotel, and
their absence wa3 marked until a late
hour in the evening, so busy had they
been enjoying their first day's recreation
in this city after a long overland ride.
BIO MEN IN THE PAB.TT.
The arrangements of the local commit
tee of bankers for the reception and en
tertainment of their business colleagues
from points beyond the lines of the State,
who are to meet in annual convention
here this week, were completed to the
minutest detail yesterday. To-day \the
bulk of the west-bound delegations will
have arrived and the attention of the
committee here will be at once turned
to affording the guests every possible fa
cility for enjoying themselves prior to
the opening of the regular programme of
the convention week.
PORTLAND, Or., Oct. , 18.— The spec
tacle of smoke rising from many spots in
the surface of a vacant lot covered with
grasB caused W. Bagby, recently arrived
from Salt Lake City, to telephone the
Fire Department this afternoon. The
Fire Department thought Bagby was a
harmless lunatic and paid no attention to
his message. .
Meanwhile a multitude of spectators
gathered at the spot and the tenants of
neighboring houses became alarmed, an
ticipating some kind of a subterranean
upheaval. The reported eruption of Mount
St. Helens and the recent earthquake felt
here formed a basis for their fear and
the Police Department was inundated
with inquiries.
Investigation developed the fact that in
past . years the lot had been used as a
woodyard and later had been filled in.
In some way the wood and - sawdust un
derlying the ground became ignited and
the smoldering fire ate its way in many
directions beneath the surface. For fear
that the fire would communicate to build
ings in the vicinity the Fire Department
flooded the lot with water.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Sierra Due To-Day.
Tfc» Oceanic Steamship Comrany'* Fierra is»
dje to-dsy from Australia, via Auckland and
H^n'-lu'.u.
The -British steamer Tottenham arrived in
pert rert^rday. 23 day* from Mojl, Japan. She
t-;*ing5= 6200 tons of coal.
Steamer TottenhaTa^Arrives.
The Ocoa-.fo Ptearrship Company's
Meriposa arrived yesterday morning from
'Tahiti. Sh* made the trip in 11 days, 16
hours end S minutes. Captain James
Beside reports that the uip up was un
eventful ard that ;6» weather -was fine
until. th«x neared th« coast, -wrhen- they
encountered a dense tee, which, how
ever, did not interfere with th« vessel's
fpes.d. as ehe arrii-ed la port slightly
ahead nf her schedule time.
•Ancng the passengers were J. "W. Gil
bert acd wife, the misipnarJes who have
beeS in Hikucra. They give a vivid
description of "the terrible storm that
recer.tiy swept over the Poumotu Islands.
The hurricane was of such violenc* that
jrreat numbers cf the natives were ac
tuaUji- blown out into the sea and
V^wned. The. sturm happened Just when
the cocoanut trees were heavily laden
with ripe nuts. The wind tcre the cocoa
r.uts from their branches and hurled them
•with tremendous force in every direction.
Gilbert and his wife saved their lives
ty climbing a sturdy tree and remaining
there tintil the storm had subsided.
; The Marlposa brought a good sized
cargo, wlMch consisted in part of 63,549
cocosxuts. 1S.C17 sacks of copra, 307 pack
ajres- of shells, 2S5 pacluiKea of vanilla
b^ans. IIS sacks of dried fi?h and 23 cases
of fruit.
•Her cab'n riasseng-ers were Miss A.
Hueter. Mis? M. Schmidt. Max Schmidt.
1ZX£. M. Schn-.ldt. M. II. Meyer. TV. Hall.
AH Schmidt. Her.ry Merhles. Mrs. H.
1. Martin, P. L. VenleT. J. F.
'V'enier. E. Salrncn. Mrs. C. Salmon. T).
Atwater, J. TV. Gilbert and wife, E.
Ccrfcras, D. Tulloch and F. Hillman.
Crew of Sully Mutinies.
The fteatcship M«rir>osa brinRs advice* that
d»* Frenrh bark Sully had put !sto Hapeetp on
pej-terfber 9 with the crew in a ctate of mo-
Ctey. cau!»vi by j>oor nnd inFuffident fot<d. The
•<-esVe! called frrn Fuf»n in ballast on June
'*. boend for Iquiquf, in command of Oaptain
\jf Creuer. She i> a new bars, built in J902.
*«nd of ""6 tons burden. When the Maripo*a
psiled. on October <5. the PVead) authorities
¦were' holding a trial, and both captain and phtp
were betas held at that port until it should
be or>nc!urte<J. The general imr^^yion !«eemed
•. ¦ he that the cr.ptain of the Sully «•«« at
tr.ult and that 5n ail tifDbabillty. from the
"evidence prcdut-ed. he would lose his com-
Ship Men Below Rates.
• Shi]>;tin£ Master Herir.hn has kicked up ¦
r«r.*put emong the taiicr bcardinir-hpuse maf
t'rs Here by 5^1'jiinc a rrpw to fc*n Die^o to
? hip fcn beard the BrlUeh Scottish Moor*.
It !a not so much the fai-t th»t he Kent eight
mrn to that port from here that has caused
the runr.ruF. but :hat he hxr furnished them
Ft a ten rat* than ha? heretofore been de
m»r.6f(i by the crimp*. Thir.pi? will prohablv
urn v«ry •rartn for 1'rrrr.a.n before the gang
».«ts ihraudi with him.
«
ChAT.ges at Farallones.
Th« foe nhiftle at tl.»» Fa-sllon l»iand» ic
14 have substantial rfpalrr. *v.d a pet of new
»,,,y,.vc v ;;i »•¦•• eappMM. Th^ flash eljtnals txt
mlatf to be chanced. Th»> work will take pome
ttoM r»or.ths" time to rojnpletf, actual oper«
1 tfAns b^rinninic to-rf^y. Testrrday Cromley'e
!£i;nrh Oi*i<ie took cut twelve men. who jro
•-•rvler contract to r*m«In ©n th« islaud until
the chances ar» complrted.
Strangest of HappeniDgs in
Dense Fog Off the Har
bor Bar. : '•;
Sawdust on a Woodyard
Site Smolders Beneath
Surface. .
Forest Rangers Make Des
perate Efforts to Stop
the Blaze.
Fcg Whistle at Farallones Is
to Eave Substantial
Repairs.
Solomon's Wealth Pittance
Compared to Millions
. of These.
MARIPOSA BEATS
SCHEDULE TIME
Pear of an Eruption
Caused by Fire in
Portland.
Pilot Boat Pathfinder
and Its Cargo of Pat
Birds.
Pierce Fire in Ojai Val
ley Destroys More
¦ Property; ! S
Bankers Prom All Over
the Country Throng
; Palace Lobby.
«
Crew of Sully Mutinies
• and Ship Puts Into
- . . • Papeete.
SMOKING EARTH
ALARMS CITIZENS
TOPNOTCH BAG
OF DUCK SEASON
FLAMES RACE
ALONG RIDGES
MEN OF HRUCE
ARE GATHERING
THE SAN FEAKCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 19; 1903.
7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
tf* (ft 3 6 1 Afi S3 I Jl ' M SSB.P
VyhUlllSlll IEADWG THEATa
Two Weeks, T/\ HIIPMT
Beginning... I U-Nluli I .
. . Every Night. - Including Sunday,
MATINEES SATURDAY ONLY.
-FIRST TIME HERE.
ROBERT
EDESON
(Management Henry B. Harris.)
In Richard Harding Davis'
SOLDIERS
OF FORTUNE
Stage Version by Augustus Thomas..
'.< Third Tear of Its Popularity.
Four Weeks— NOVEMBER 2d lo 28th.
Matirees Wed. and Sat. Each Week.
SALE OF SEATS OPENS
Thursday, October 29, at 9 a.m.
KLAW & ERLANGER'S
Stupendous Production of General Wallace's
BEN HUR
' Dramatized by William Tounr.
Music by Edgar Stillman Kelley.
350— PERSONS IN PRODUCTION— 350
No seats laid aside before opening sale.
PRICES— ?2, SI BO, $1 and 75c.
Mail orders with remittance filled In the.
order received after the sale opens.
A VAUDEVILLE CARNIVAL
Waterhury Brothers and Tenney;
Whistling Tom Browne; Herbert
Lloyd, Assisted by Lillian Lil-
yan;. Colombtno; • Sisters Bappo;
. Three Crane Brothers; Wallace
Brownlow; A. P. Rostow; Golden
Gate Quartet and Fanny Winfred
and New Motion Pictures.
. Reserved Seats 25c|BaIcony 10c
Box Seata and Opera Chairs 50c
I - . — -
\J I Tacked to the Doors. Iff**
'" pr I Hundreds Turned Away. J 9
IIN OLD
: KENTUCKY.
CCp the Funny Pickaninnies.
OI— !—•• •••the Realistic Horse Race.
SPECIAL— Friday night, dancing con-
test for coast championship and purse.
Pickaninny champions agalns^ all comers.
fjutt SUNDAY. j H.M ,
Hi Rudolph and Adolph. | W I
1 1 H E. ATRUI
.¦WsfHSSB ¦ H ¦ ¦ ¦*¦ * Proprietors..
Market Street. Near Eighth— Phone South 633.
TO-NIGHT— ALL. THIS WEEK. .-. -
Matinees Saturday and Sunday. . -
Meredith'a Famous Border Drama,
The Distinguished Actor.
l.V. 1— f*' STOCKWBLL
In the Great Comedy Role ,of JUDGE PROSE.
All the Central Favorite* In the Cast.
SEE Battle for Life in the Snow. The Blla-
zard In the Rocky Mountains.' The Cowboys*
Lynchfng Party. The Frontier Judge and
His Court. The Thrilling Conflagration Scene.
| Gorgeous Scenery and Stage Effects.
i DDirCC Evenings 10c to BOc
! rnltCJ Matinees 10c, ISc. 25c
i Week' of October 2ft, Mammoth Production
1 of "UNCLE TOM'S CABIN." ¦
I ' 11111^ B — / '
WHAT BETTER EVIDENCE?
GOING ON THREE WEEKS.
That's Conclusive of the Business
j THE PAKADERs"]
Is Doing Right Along.
Our "All-Star" Cast. Including
i KOLB AND DILL.
BARNEY BERNARD.
WINFlELn. BLAKE.
HARRY HERMSEN,
MAUDE AMBER.
GEORGIA ORAMEY.
RESERVED SEATS— Night. 25c, 5Oe and 75c.
: Saturday and Sunday ! Matinees, 25c and 50c.
Children at Matinees, 10c end 25c.
Next— "RUBES AND ROSES."
puss'
N. Y. METROPOLITAN OPERA HOUSE
ORCHESTRA OF 60 ARTISTS
...ALHAMBRA.,.
¦ Tuesday Night, Oct. 27— Friday Mat., 30,
With NORDICA, Soloist.
Wed. "POP" Mat., Oct. 28— Tkurs. Hight, 29,
*Y With FISK and FRANKO, Soloists.
. Full particulars aa to programmes, etc., at
,BOX OFFICE — Sherman. Clay A Co.'s next
Wednesday, October 21,
Reserved seate, J3, *$2, $1. Box seats $3 50
and $4. "Pop" roati'SOc. 75c. $1, *1 50 and $2.
In Oakland. Wednesday night. Oct. 28. with
NORDICA. > .
Coming— ELLERY'S ROYAL ITALIAN BAND.
i ;¦ . =s
[Weekly Call, $1 per Year
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
B^A y^y-W^L|\T£wEssti^ JySy^CiEBHfcCoEMMssMfcTsTBTtwCflsW^nP^jSSj-J^^
R3 '¦'i*M BSfl ¦ ¦^Bv ¦mSf^kstP sPw» ff&S y^fsft^g-v fiinis w^A sssii£n^ ¦¦ *
¦mm mQ^ wEmm HH1 E&3 JnuBT «4f7wff<A |w fe-^"4 JKf^mQL * ¦ 4
H 1 he tvinp M
e^ a| I «f\ 1 I «c» f> c flB
|3 ** * * * f J
pM ¦> flj f* f* t\ t <i 1 f\ itr\{\ i !
9 KONA KOFFEE KOMPANY " m
@ 1 4-5^5tocKtonM ne^ro-f^rv f j
WM Opp Cil v ; of P«»-i* try Good* Co ?|
Just 90e-That's AH |
. These hats are as srobd as the regular $1.50 hat such as you huy any-
where. ¦¦:'''.
The shapes are Fedoras. Graecos, Dunlap Crushers, Tourists. Three-
in-Ones— a large wide-brim shape with dented crown, and several;other
stylish shapes.; They come in black and colors, for those" who want
them. : .' • . . :
. Every one is. union made and bears the label. See them in. our win-
dows— you can tell in a minute that they are values at the price. - !
Good for everyday, wear, and you can easily afford two or three differ-
ent shapes. ¦ ¦ ¦' ¦• '••'•'¦' ., '
Out-ofrtown orders ff//ed—wnta us.
740 Market Street i
AMUSEMENTS.
fNOTE — Performances begin at S sharp; S«U
unlay Matinee at 2 fharp.)
TO-KIQHT
Wednesday. Friday and Saturday Nights. Puc-
cini's Favorite Opera.
"LA BOHEME."
TUESDAY— SPECIAL VERDI
NIGHT, selections from "Aida."
"Rigoletto," "Trovatore," "Forza
del Deatino," "Nabucco," "Travi-
a.ta" and other of the Maestro's
great works.
Thursday and Sunday Night?. Saturday Matl-
nee, Giordano's Splendid Work.
"ANDRE CHENIER."
PRICES AS USUAL 25c. 50c. 759
Telephone Bush 9.
ALCAZAR m mT
¦ General Manager.
"THE BEST STOCK COMPANY
EVER AT THE ALCAZAR"
TO-NIGHT— THIS WEEK ONLY.
Clyde Fitch's New Comedy Drama.
CTHE -^T
OVA/BO JL
And T A TY1T
The LjJt±U I ••••
Erg.. 25c to We; Mats. Sat. A Sun., Ue to BOBw
• Next Monday — The Drama of Romanes,
"UNDER THE RED ROBE."
ALCAZAR- SPECIAL
Friday Oct. 23, 3 P. iM.
Musical and Dramatic Matinee
MRS. BIRMINGHAM. • '.:-] ' '¦{,
MISS MART GENEVIEVE MORONT.
Assisted by MR. WENZEL KOPTA. violin-
ist, and MR. THEODORE MANSFELDT. c«l-
list," and
Miss FLORENCE ROBERTS
By Courtesy of Mr. Frederic BeUaeo.
Special pricea — Orchestra and Dress Circle.
$1 ; Balcony 75c and 50c. Seata now on sal*,
GRAND 8S c uSt
Matinees Thursday and Saturday.
A GREAT SUCCESS.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THE WEEK.
THE
CHRISTIAN
CATHBI5E C0CNTI83 18 GLORT QT7ATLS
ASA LZS VILLA&D AS J035 STOSM
And a Specially Selected New Torlc Company.
PRICES— Evenings 18c. 25c, 50c, T5«
Matlneea 15c. S5o. 500
Birinniag Nsxt 3aad»T Xatlaat, tht Xaslttl rare*
Camsdy "SPOTLESS TOWS."
A GREAT SHOW EVERT AFTERNOON
AND EVENING IN THE THEATER.
DON'T FAIL TO" SEE "THE COLORED BABT
IN 'THE INFANT INCUBATOR.
' Lion Slaying Baboon in the Zoo.
LOTS OF FUN IN THE PENNY ARCADE
AMATBUB NIGHT TKTTXSSAT.
ADMISSION. ,tOc; CHILDREN. Be.
When Phoning Ask for "The Chutes."
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
SPAMER CONCERTS
I Lyric Hall j
119 EDDT ST.
WED.. Oct. 21. 8:15 p. m.: SAT.. Oct. C4.
3 p. m. Seat». 50c. 41, $1 50. For sal* at
KOHLER & CHASE"S new stijre, cor. .Kearny
and Post. * ' '
MISCELLANEOUS.
Paiarp dont fail to
1 aiUVW gee Ae beautiful
j COURT Lounging
/¦ II (I room, the EMPIRE
auu . PARLOR, the
r J PALM ROOM, the
liniliG LOUIS XV PAR.
Ul U11U LORf and the la.
n A i <,, DIES' WRITINO
Hotels room-
\M, T. HESS.
Votary PuWle aad Attorney -»t-X.*w.
Tenth Floor. Room 1C15. Claus Spreck«l« bid*.
Telephone MaJn 8S3.
Residence, 821 California St., below Powta.
Residence Telephone James 1501. /-¦THE SAN FBAKClSCp CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1903.
8
SAK FRAJf CISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OmCE of the Eaa Francisco
Call, corner Market and Third atreeta; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgop ery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. _L
300 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
€39 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
CIS Larkln street; open until 9:80 p. m.
1M1 Mission etreet: open untU 10 p. m.
22C1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
cntll 9 p. m. . ;"". r
106 Eleventh etr« et; open until 9 p. m.
1006 Valencia etreet; open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and
Kentucky utreets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 FIHmore street; open until 9 p. r_ .
MEETING NOTICES.
ASYLUM of Golden Gate Coimnandery >£>
No 1« K. T.. 025 Sutter «t. — Stated TSr
assembly THIS EVENING at 8 Kjh
o'clock. Order of Temple. All fra- *jff
ters are courteously Invited. By or-
der of the Commander.
THEO FROLICH. Recorder.
BAN FRANCISCO Chepter No. 1. R. A. J_
M.. nwfU THIS EVENING. Busi- 'Vy
'ness. Degrees 5 and «. f^r\
II . Q. PRINCE. Secretary.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and A. £
M.— Called meeting THIS (MONDAY) VV"
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Second /V\
degree. By order of the Master.
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Secretary.
KING Solomon's Lodge No. 2G0. F. and J»
A. M-. 1S:» Flllmo— at.— Third degree "V\F
THIS EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. /Vi
HARRY BAEHR. Secretary.
DAMON Lodge No. 2, K. cf P.— Offi- -_tj£
cers _nd members are requested to
attend our ne_t rc-_-_ls.r meeting. "^^t 5 -!
Oct 20, 8 r>- ~.. to receive our
grand chancellor. Members of aister lodges
and eojournlng brothers are invited. Per
order F. J. LEWIS. C. C.
J. H. DAXTOX. K. of R. and S.
XEIGHBORS of Ran Fran- -- ~jjjT
Cisco Camp No. 437, """*»>_/ __ "El
WV-odrr.cn of the World— f-__rjSjST_7_«R
Tru ere rrqut FTod to as- S_S*o »—^^f/G^f
»»rr.h!e at U;e camp. 28«8 Mg ¦!.<*'> %!» '
Mission St.. TUESDAY.
Oct. 20. 1903, at 1 p. m. sharp, to attend
the funeral of our late neighbor, GEORGE
H. TEWKSBURY. Place of Interment. Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery.
R. \V. PARKER. Consul Commander.
H. J. McCLlNTOCK. Clerk.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
cel\-ed applications to mine by hydraulic
prc~JB from E. C. Kavaneugh and William
H. DuSTey. In Phillips mine, near Forest
Hill, Plaoer County. Cal.. draining Into Mis-
souri Creek, which reaches American River,
and from North America Consolidated Gold
Mining Company, in its mine near Glbson-
vllle. Sierra County. Cal.. draining into west
branch of Slate Creek, which reacheK Tuba
River, gives notice that meeting will be held
at room 96. Flood building. San FrancUsco,
Cal.. November 2. 1903. at 1:30 p. in.
AGENTS' WAXTED.
TTANTED — 100 bright energetic and thor-
oughly reliable events, male or female, all
over the Pacific Coa*t to present a strictly
flrst-clasa business preposition. Box 4791, Call.
BOAIIDING FOH CHILDREN.
WANTED— A child to board; private family;
mother's care. 1K>6 Hyde tt.
ATTOnXEVS-AT-LAW.
ADVICE FREE.
OLD ESTABLISHED
COLUMBIAN LAW _ COLLECTION AGENCY
Able attorneys. Rm. 60. «lt> Market, oppo-
site Emporium. Bad tenants ejected speedily
end reason— bly. Collections, no matter how
rmaJl, Attended to; a tt— chments ; bonds fur-
nished: corporations organized; civil and crim-
inal practice. Tel. John «K_iG. Open evgs. by _p-
pcintmtnt. We solicit an interview with you.
ADVICE FREE. ESTABLISHED __ YE-U-T
Divorces a specialty. Private. Quick.
KO PAT UNLESS SUCCESSFUL.
G. W. HOWE, *
Attorney and Counselor at Law.
Open Evenlnr* 7 to a Phone Jeesie 4711.
Crflces en First Floor — Rooms 1. 2. 3. 4 and 5.
1122 Market St.. Between Mason and Taylor.
Almost Opposite "Hale's" Dry Goods Store,
____________________
Practice In Federal and all State Courts.
Attachments, divorce, mining, bankruptcy,
prosecutions. *<ljustnien_5, corporations, pat-
ents, estates, probate.
Experienced ar.d Reliable Attorneys Engaged.
Advice guaranteed Correspondence solicited.
611. 511A. SUB Crcssley Bldg. Tel. John 2v_«.
N. E. Cor. New Montgomery and Mission Sts.
ROBT. W. KING, atty-at-law. Examiner bid"
room Cll; all ca*e«. damares. estates, wills.
attachments, collections, etc.; consultation
free: no advance charges: ca!l or write;
evenlr.K? by appointment. Tel. rted 3601.
ADVICE free— I wlJl advance cost In meritori-
ous rases. dl\-crces. probate and all other Uw
cares; no fees In advance; open every even-
ir.C. 1. M. THfRSTON. Sia Market at. r. 3L
WARNER TEMPLE. 8C Chronicle building;
bankruiitey, accidents, probate and .matri-
monial cases; labor liens.
A. _I. EWING— Attorn ey-at-law. Room C12.
Parrott bldg.: phone South 653.
DIVORCE — Costs. $12; quick, quiet; open even-
lrsc«. 927 Market st. room 301.
L. E. CLARK. Emma Spreckeis bldg.. 027 Mar-
ket rt. ; consultation free; no fees In advance.
AITKEN & AITKEN. attorneys, ri. 303-10-11.
Clunie blflg.. -03 California at; tel. Main 727.
ADVICE free; 00 charge unless successful; all
Uw burfne*-. W. TV. Davidson. 027 Market
; niSIXESS CH AXCEs!
f 1000 CASH, balance same as rent for grocery
and' bar: less than stock and fixtures; run-
ning 'J years: with 2-*tory cottage, 6 rooms
and bath; let 25x100; 21rt and Douglass sta.
OWING to continued Ill-health will sell best
paying email coffee house south of Market
rt. : no acerits. 1S5 Fourth at.
PAPER route for sale; best bargain ever of-
fered in Oakland. Box S40. Call. Oakland.
}¦;.:.<-! — AN established grocery business; whole
or half Interest; splendid opportunity. Apply
box 4TS4. Call office.
FRI'IT store: 2 horses; 2 wagons; must be
fold: sickn«^s. "Call 1545 Geary st.
FOR sale — Brunch bakc-ry; pood location; price
fl75. 102 f i 1 ». Hyde. opp. power-house.
FOR SALE— Mocha Restaurant 1759ft M!s-
t-lcn st. ¦-. .'¦
LO13GI\G-HOL'SES FOR SALE.
100 HOOMS; house for men; rent $140. ..$4000
r.S rooms; south of Market; rent $100. 2000
_4 100ms; corner: part cash; bal. easy. 850
!I jocraj; pood Income; rent $20 350
21 rooms; water front: rent $40; lease. 050
I"0 rooms; good lease; low rent G500
I" nas.; a partments; Western Add. ;rent 250
Money loanr-d at I p*r cent
Hotels, rcadhouses. fiats, 5 to 100 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny st
10 ROOMS; McAllister -«.t.: complete as apart-
tnent-house; carpets and furniture gcod; rent
$37 50; bargain this week. $500. Grocery,
700 McAIUsut ft
SPIRITUALISM. '"
Pr.OF. Fred P. Evana. noted psychic for slate-
writing and clairvoyance; stamp for circular.
1112 Eddy tt; nr. Octavia: phone Scott SS7.
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 ZIU«. readings daily,
»:30 to 4; seances Sunday and Thursday.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MY Regular $3 Readings This Week for
«1 II U $1 $1 $1 $1
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE *
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever In San Francisco
, I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee
to make no charge If I fall to tell you your
name, occupation and what you called for-
I promise to tell you whether husband, wife
or cweetheart is true or false; I tell you
whom and arhen you will marry in fact I
mill tell you every hope, fear or ambition
better than you can tell yourself; 1 improve
your character to that you will reach the
highest possible development In mental vigor
health, happiness and capacity to earn
wealth; so you -.111 live happy and contented
the rest of your life. Hours 10 a m to 8
p. -.; Sundays. 2 to 8. 326 O Farrell st. 326.
MME. M. BERNARD. THB FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
• neatly located at 17 Third st. next Examiner
bldg.; ehe read* your life correctly, gives an
accurate descriotlon of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur In the future: If you are in trouble, dis-
contented or not satisfied in life, or have do-
mestic, love or buntness troubles, consult this
great medium and you will be told how to
overcome them; valuable advice tn all affairs
of life; 23c up; satisfaction guaranteed* read-
Inga by malL Tel. Black 4569.-
IfMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
•t. nor. Turk; private readlnra dally, 10 a.
ni. to 5 p. m .; readings by mall aa satisfac-
tory aa In person; 3 questions answered, $1;
full life, $5; send lock of hair, date and year
ef birth: don't send currency. Send postofflce,
~ell_-Fargo money order or registered letter.
A— MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reader, born with a double veil and seo-
ea_ Bight; tells the past, present and future;
ladles, SOc; rents, $1; by cards, palmistry
and clairvoyant sitting; $1 60. 126 Turk at
MISS ZEMDAR, young gifted clalr. and palm.;
has second eisht; a wonderful prophetess;
--».— ei; L. SOc; G. $1. 714 Franklin.nr.G.G.av.
These two ladles are having a nice little chat.
And the one who Is thin tells the one who Is fat
How she. can reduce; that The Call prints an ad -
That tells how relief from such fat may be had.
It is so on all lines— If there's aught you would know
•Tw-111 be found in The Call, where all wise people go.
E M PLO YMEXT WASTE P-—FE3I ALE.
i ELDERLY lady wishes position to care fcr
child, or do plain sewing In family. Apply
• 033 Sacramento st. '
I BY a youns lady in business office; sten-
¦ ographcr and has knowledge of bookkeeping.
Box 4405. Call. ¦
I A GERMAN woman wishes light housework or
! cleaning by the day. Call 522 H Ivy ave.
1 GOOD stenographer of experience and ability
desires position; salary $60. box 47S5, Call.
JAPANESE girl wants a good position as
fir3t-cl_ss cook: $35 up a month; have refer-
ences. SUMI, Ml Sacramento st
WANT ads and subscription- taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. iWt?. McAllister tt.
E5i?LOYMEXT WAXTED MALE.
AMBITIOUS married man. sober, reliable, age
I>0, good address and appearance, wants work
of any kind; fair salary; city or country.
Box 4799, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS bartender and Grocery clerk, Al
mixer, Bpeaks German and Encllsh, desires
poEltion; flrat-claEs references. Box 4706,
Call office.
EXPERIENCED hotel cook and all-round
man, speaks German. French and English,
: wants position. Box 4707. Call.
YOUNG man would like to drive a wagon. Ad-
dress box 2612, Call.
BRIGHT, ambitious young man, clean-cut,
neat appearance, eood address, wishes con-
1 nection with responsible bouse In sales de-
partment; no books or insurance. Box 4702.
Call office.
: RETIRED, very temperate, active, elderly sea
captain, having been unfortunate in his in-
vestments, desires suitable employment, such '
as charge of yacht, steam launch, etc. Ad-
dress P. O. box 21t>i. San Francisco, Cal.
YOUNG man, neat appearing, seeks a posi-
tion as bookkeeper, or assistant, or col-
lector; stenographer; speaks, reads and
writes the German language; best of rerer-
ences. Box 720. Call office.
SITUATION private place, city or country, by
competent young man. 28 (Dane); capable
taking care of horses and garden; also a
first-class driver: references. . Box 2607, Call.
MEDICAL student desires 1 to 3 hours' work
a day and all day Saturdays; bookkeeping or
any kind of work; terms reasonable. Box
3490. Call.
YOUNG man (21) wants position In office or
salesroom; understands bookkeeping: whole-
sale grocery preferred; references. Box 725,
Call office.
STEWARD for club or gents In chambers, priv-
ilege cooking, speaks and corresponds Ger-
man and French, •sober, age 30;> disengaged
Nov. 6. F. C. .R.. Box 713. Call.
YOUNG business man of this city wishes out-
door position, collector, etc.; references;
bonds, or cash security;' any amount Box
3470. Call office.
AN experienced bookkeeper can spare 2 hours
dally to- take charge of books of small busl-
' ness house. Address box 4703. Call. !
YOUNG man wants position on ranch or hand-
ling stock; can fill position as foreman; $40
j ar.d board required. Box 4770. Call.
CAKE baker wants situation: good ornamenter;
city or country. Box 4780, Cali office.
SOBER and Industrious young man would, like
! position. Box 4778. Call^ '
: JAPANESE boy wants situation as school boy.
S. K.. (J33 Sutter st. Telephone Red 5518.
FINANCIAL.
4 PER CENT 'to 6 PER~CENT HIGH GRADE
Municipal. School, Railroad and Corporation
ij Bonds,
Bank and Trust Company Stocks.
. Selected fcr conservative Investors.'
Write for Information to
HEAZELTON & CO..
Stock and Bond Brokers,
"Hayward Building,
San -Francisco, Cal.
~ FLATS TO LET. ',
A— HOUSES and flats to let: an Immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-259 Geary
et. on the square.
NEW modern up-to-date 7-room upper flat; 733
Fulton st.: rent *."0: near Buchanan st. Av
ply MADISON & BURKE. • -
GOUGH, 25in, near Vallej')— Sunny lower flat of
tt rooms nnd bath: rent reduced to $25. VON
RHEIN R. E. CO.. 513 California st
ELLIS. S10. near Polk— For business, purposes:
3 rooms; all conveniences; electric light and
power. -¦
NEW corner flats; 3191 Washington: 7 and 0
rooms; separate entrances; rents $47 50 and
$57 50. - . ¦ ¦
; GREEN, 20C3 — Handsome sunny upper flat; [
marine view; 7 rooms; bath on two 'floors;
rent $50. • . ¦¦'¦¦•
$2.*) — NICE Hat, 5 rooms; all conveniences;
open plumbing, tiling, tinting-, garden. S93
. Lombard st.
BUSH, 1651, near Franklin — 7 sunny rooms;
upper flat; $37 50; yard, etc.; rear entrance.
PIERCE and McAllister sts.. NE. corner— 0
rooms; new; rent $57 50.
TO let — 3 new flats. Devlsadero, between TurK
and Eddy: rent reasonable.
JFXVTS FOR SALE — FURNISHED^
<A NEWLY fur. flat for sale; 18 large sunny
rooms, well arranged for renting. -823 and 825
Polk st. Apply to H. S. RANSON.QO7 Market.
. FCI-XITUI-E WANTED.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4462.
buys, rents, • repairs, packs furniture, carpetB.
HIGHEST price for furniture and mdse. L. H.
BURP. auctloneer.lSIS Mkt.;tel. Howard 2750.
HELP WANTED FESIALE. ,
I A LADY'S maid. $30; second girl. $30: nurse.
$.5; house girl, $30; 5 cooks, $35 and $30;
chambermaid, country hotel, $25; waitress,
Santa Cruz, $25: ranch cook, $25. MRS.
NORTON, S13 Sutter st.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for. fall season;
both seasons taught from start to finish in I
month for $10; positions as trimmers, sales-
• ladles, etc.. guaranteed at $10 per week up;
I day . and evening class. ; 143 Stockton st. r. 13.
A — WANTED — Girls to , learn i . halrdressing,
: manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
In 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week ''up _. leading -school. In
West 233 Geary St.. room 13. ;¦
A— LADIES to learn all branches halrdressing
trade; manicuring. > massage, etc.. 1236. Mar-
; ket st. cor. Jones, room 94; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve, class; call.'
FINISHERS and sewers on cloaks . and suits :
• high wages. RATNER. . 144 .Union . square
ave., opp. ; Union , Square . Park. ;¦ : ,.
TALENTED amateur ,'bertormers...: Apply '-¦ at
Chutta 6 p. m. Wednesday; salary no object
CLAIRyOYANTS--ConttBned.
] ______ LEE. palmistry and clairvoyant; hours
»-5: evenlnra and Sundaya by appointment;
readings 60c 1208 Mnrket. parlor 01; elev.
JUST arrived; Mme. Davla, greatest magic
card render on coast: born, crowned, veiled.
7C3 Market, parlors 18-17; -5-POc; mall $1.
A— Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given; 25c pp. S 4th st. near Market
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
( 26»4 Kearny. room 20; ladles 25c, gents SOc.
MRS BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; ladles
25c. gents 50c; readings dally. 132 Sixth at.
MME WALTF.RS. great card reader; ladles 25c.
I gents r«e. 951 Mission at. nr. 6th; open Sun.
1 MISS WARD Elves names, dates and facts;
. hours 10 to 8. 413 -Mason Et. : no sign.
MRS". SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader: slt-
tlncs dally. 448^ Jessie Bt. bet. 5th and 6th.
CAI-PET BEATING AKD CLEANING.
AIR compressed, dry. Ice cold, la now unlver-
cally used In sanitarily cleaning carpets, on
Ocor without removal or Injury; prices mod-
erate Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call bid.; phone Main 5237.
WHEN you become disgusted with your, work
tend for 8PAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Work*. 35--'l57 Tehama at; tel. South 40.
SMITH'S Carpet Cleaning Co.: Al work guar-
cnteed. 8c. 1S43 15th »t; phone Capp 1651.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1300 Har-
rieon at: Al cleaning. 3c: tel. Ml— Ion 225.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beatinr Co.. J. McQueen,
proprietor. 32fl Guerrero st; tel. Mission 43.
TRY HOPKE nnCS. : excellent carpet-beating:
mattrer-eg mad> over.1432 Howard :South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM - CC.. Props.
RUDOLPH _ CO.. carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st: tcl.Ml.-lon -Si.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
3" Cold— G»t» »v». : telephone East 126.
CHIROPODISTS.^ ;
DCNLAP FOOT INSTITUTE. 50 Geary— All
ailments of the feet cured: corns. bunlons.etc.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 41S Montgomery, rooms 0-10: tel. 55S0
~~~ DENTISTS.
___ECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. $03 Market tt.,
ccr. Fourth* room 7. Flooa building; extrac-
tions done painlessly; teeth without platea
cur specialty; sold crowns. $3 r.0--ap: plates,
$4 BO up, extraction free: office hour.. 9
a. in. to 9 P. m. : Sundays. 9 to 2.
DR. GKUSS. 604-5-6 Callaghan bldg.. Market
asd McAllister sts.. uses the Bastord Obtun--
der. the only device ever Invented for grind-
lag, .rilling and excavating teeth absolutely
without pain. For demonstration and proof
call at office. -
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates ar»
rcade; old plates made over like new; teeth
fro— f8 per set; extracting. 80c; g— 1 givea.
A NEW plate— The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yra .; crown. $3 60; fllllnga. 09e;
plat.ee. fZ; full sat;all work painless _nd war-
ra nt«-d. Ch!— ko Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth it
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. ccr.Bush —
Set teeth $1 50 up; crowns 52 up; fillings 25c.
GOLD fllitnC-. 75c; sliver. 3_c; crowns. $2; no
rmln: open Sunday. Pr.O.P.Hewl^.-nt Sutter.
DHKSSMAIvEHS AJVD gBA-tSTRESSKS
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
— Ac> pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market
ACCORDION, sunburst _ knife plaiting, otew-
arf* button «: buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor. I
EDUCATIONAL.
i THE Ean Francisco You eg Men' a Christian
Association conducts a night school for men.
an engineering school, an evening law school.
' tt working boys' night school and a day busi-
ness and academic school. Students have
gymnasium and other privileges. Apply at 1
Y. M C. A. building. Mason and Ellla sts. j
1 CECILIA Choral Society concert In preparation;
i a few mere tenors and bassos required. Ap-
i ply at POMMER-EILER'S Music Store, ti53
j Market Bt., TUESDAY, 7:15 p. m.; rehearsals
Tuesday evening.
j HEALITS BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post, 3.
F. — B?c*.ke«p!ng. shorthand, touch typing,
languftfres. telegraphy. English branches;
day and night _ec3lon<; fllus. catalogue free.
i H1N MAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
I c-scins; established 20 years. 1412 Polk st..
between Pine and California; both adult and
children's classes are now open for the gea-on.
i AIRES, the leading business college, 723 Mar-
1 ket St.; special summer course In all depart-
I tnenta; handsome catalogue free; life schol-x-
ehlp. $&0: day and evening sessions.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkln st.
"A thorough Bchool"; position, secured for
graduates; modern methods; Individual ln-
ttruction. Write for Illustrated catalogue. -
I THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university. law and medical colleges;
¦ ret.. President Jordan or any Stanford pro-
fetsor; day. evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonla Hall. Howard
st. near Ninth; management'Prof. Foster.
A— SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1238
Market _t. — Practical, progressive, reliable;
day & evening sessions: write for catalogue.
A GENTLEMAN teaches privately young men
and women whose education has been neg- !
lected: also foreigners. Call or add. 719 Post, i
HEALD'S School of Mines _ Electrlclty,24 Post
tt. S. F. ; a practical school of engineering:
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec.. min.. mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est 18C4. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
6PANISH.Frtnch.etc.Prof.DeFlltppe'sAcadem7
of Language-,320 Poat ;e«tab'd!S71: ablest prof».
GOLDEN Gate Com' 1. College, K50 Golden Gate
avM full Business course; day and evening.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
•PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st... Night class.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar. writing,
etc.; day or eve.: $5 mo. 1024 Mlsslon.nr.0th.
j PIANO leseons given to beginners at SOc. Box
2610. Call office.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
Gi£o^G^^A^K?r~*2riposT7trrteir_!uah 135 —
Japanese-Chinese employment office: fur- !
nifhes best help: contracts for farm help, etc
IF you want Japanese help, advertise In The
New World. Japanese dally paper. 353 Geary.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chin*se heln. 42C Powell. Tel. Main 5752.
, A — GRAND J_nanese-Chine*e Eap. Office, 411
, Stockton: ttl. Grant 16S; expert, reliable help.
' CHINESE Employment Office— Best help at
I J Leon Seung"s. 41H» O'Farrell; tel. East 428.
• I RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
I See; all kinds help. 315 Ctockton: Main 018S.
] CHINESE and Japanese help; eitab. 20 years.
I Tel. Main 1007. BRADLKY Iz CO.. 010 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
A SCOTCH cook, young and strong, best of
references, wants a quiet place at $30, where
there Is a *eccnd girl kept. Call at MISS
PLUNKETT'S. 4_0 Sutter st, near Powell.
A YOUNG nuree girl wants a place to care for
one child at $15 a month; must be seen In the
office. MISS PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter St.,
near Powell. - -
A SWEDISH girl with 4 years' references
wants housework and cooking at $30 month;
no window washing. Call at MISS PLUNK-
ETT'S, 425 Sutter at. near Powell.
REFINED North German middle-aged nurse
. deslrca situation to care for two children
from 3 to tt years of age; also plain sewing
and teach German; r«fercncee; city or coun-
try, short distance: fare paid. Box 47!>0.
Call office.
AMERICAN woman wishes housekeeper's po-
sition or work on ranch; neat and reliable.
Addrc££ Housekeeper, 2S0 Turk at.
MIDDLE-AGED lady wishes a' position to do
general housework; Is a good cook. 358
Minna st.
FIRST-CLASS fitter on tailor and evening
gowns wants engagement, $1 50 per day.
»2S Post st; phone Hyde 3452.
A POSITION ae Kood invalid's nurse or to
take care of children. Apply 710 Harrison.
English young lady desires engagement from
November 1 as nurse to young children; Is
?xpert on children's clothing, fancy work and
1 ' the training of children. Box 3433, Call.
REFINED colored girl would like work in doc-
tor's office, or other light work; some time
for self; email wages, board and washing.
Box 444». Call office.
A RELIABLE German woman wishes a situa-
tion to do housework and cooklr.g In a small
family: wages S25 to $30; good laundress.
Box 4441. Call office.
CAPABLE young woman; can sew well; wants
to care for an Invalid; be-t references. Box
4i&<, Call office.
CAPABLE young woman; can sew well; wants
Calf'offlce 1 ' cblld; Box 47S2,
COMPETENT young woman wishes housework"-
dry or country; wages moderate. Box 260S.'
Call office. ' -* ¦ .
ENGAGEMENTS by the day at homes treat-
Ing hair and scalp by reliable treatment; no 1
: trifler*. MRS. E. . HIGBEE. 1350" Pacific su '
\VAXTED--FEMALE— Con.
A FIRST-c!_Al5S~^ook"for~an American family^
$45; a kitchen maid for same place, $20; a
cook for a flrst-c!a»s German family, $35; a
. cook for a boardlnK-house In city, $40; a
French nursery Eoverness. $30; a waitress,
also a cleaner for an Institution, $20 each;
50 housework girls for city and country.
MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter. n«*ar Powell.
A— OPERATORS wanted on ladles' waists;
good pay; steady position. 656 Mission st.,
third floor.
A — WOMEN wanted to do embroidery home;
bring sample. 656 Mission st.. third floor.
A — SEWERS wanted to work at home. 65tf
Mission at. third floor.
WAIST handa wanted at 1407 Lacuna at. ¦
FINISHERS on custom coats. 500 Kearny st,
room 4. • ¦
GIRL for housework and cooking for country.
Apply 14C9 Webster st.
YOUNG girl to assist In housework In family.
of - and baby. 1750 Ellis st.
GIRL wanted for chamberwork and wait at
table ; no cooking. 1015 Golden Gate ave.
A GIRL to assist- In general housework. 1282
Page st. . fT-
GIRL, general housework. ?12 a month; easy
_place; call afternoon. 235 Minna at.
GIRL for general housework; call In the
morning. 2124 Sutter St.
GOOD cook wanted. 1720 Sacramento st.
WANTED — A German girl to take care of a
child 5 yeara of age. Call _110 California st.
WANTED — Girl cr woman to wait In restau-
rant. 272 Brannan st.
WANTED — A first-class pants finisher; union
wcrk. CS Tehama Et.
GIRL for general housework; plain cooking;
$-0 month. Call 10 a. m.. top floor, 120 11th.
WANTED — Girl for housework and cooking; 0
In family; wages $25. 1512 McAllister st.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS: NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY;
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS * CO.'S
FACTORIES. 321J FREMONT ST. AND 1373
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
--' v - • • '
WANTED — -A reliable, competent woman to
take care of 5 n invalid lady. Apply between
• 10 and 12, Aiomlay morning, October 1'.', at
1701 Post st.
WHOLESOME. Intelligent lady over 25 of
good character and dtandlng for high-graoSs
position. Box -COS. Call office.
GIRL or woman to do light housekeeping and
assist with child; wages reasonable. 1500
Fell Et, to-night, between 6 and 8.
EXPERIENCED tucker and operators on silk
and wool waists; steady work. KONIG-
'h STEIN. 28 First st.
NEAT, respectable middle-aged lady; ex-
perienced delicatessen line. Apply 1521 Devls-
adero st.
WANTED — Respectable, reliable saleslady for
fine bakery; must have sufficient experience
in same; good ealary. Box 708. Call office.
GLOVEMAKERS — Experienced banders and
binders; also apprentices ; wages. CARSON
GLOVE CO.. 123 Second St.
CIGARETTE makers wanted: steady worn and |
good wages. The JOHN BOLLMAN CO..
' corner Front and Pacific sts.
GIRLS about 15 for factory work; good wagea.
Apply ct once. AMES A HARRIS. 100 Sac-
ramento st.
GIRL. for second work;. 3 In the family. Call
Monday morning. 1192 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— Skirt makers. 126 Kearny et.
room 40
WANTED— A girl to fell candy In htore. Los
Angeles Candy Co., 14S Fourth *t. *
OPERATORS and fini5hcrs on white shirts.
ROGKKSON'S. 535 Valencia st.
NEAT girl for cooking and general housework;
references; apply mornings. 1709 Baker st
2 LADIES of good address to represent a high- 1
grade magazine. C!) Columbian bldg.. city.
FIRST-CLASS stenographers furnished. Miss
M. G. Barrett, instructor. 302 Montgomery.
WANTED — First-clas» waist, skirt and - coat
hands and errand girl. J. BAER. 1200 Geary.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
EUbscriptions has been . established at 109S
Valencia st. ¦ ....
HELP ~VVAXTED— MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S EMPLOYMENT
'£</?- OFFICE,
429 Bush st.... .642 Clay st. .
FOR SALT LAKE TRESTLE WORK. \
¦ 20 carpenters, with tools .$3 50
Board $4 50 week — Ship To-day — Free Fare.
SHIP DAILY THIS WEEK FOR NEVADA.
100 laborers, valmy, Nevada .$2
100 laborers," Beowawe, Nevada $_
100 laborers. Reno, Nevada ..\.$2
100 laborers, Fenelon, Nevada ....:.. ...'.$2
' Absolutely Free Fare for All Above.
FOR CHICO, BUTTE COUNTY, CAL.
15 teamsters, two-horso teamsters $2-25
Railroad camp cook $U0
Rate fare. $2 80 .Ship Daily.
25 laborers, ditch work, near city ........ $2
• Coopers, slack work, 3c bbl. ; 3 German wood-
choppers, $1 50, $1,75 a cord; milkers, chore-
, men. fanners. .--•
Camp cook, R. R. work, $60: 2 cooks, coun-
try hotels • $40;* second cooks, fryers, broil-
ers^ city. $60, $80: 2 neat young men to
' carry off dishes, city, $30; dish, pot wash-
ers pantrymen kitchen hands, others.
C. "R. HANSEN & CO.'S EMPLOYMENT
OFFICE,
429 Bush st ....642, Clay st.
FIRST-CLASS restaurant cook. $80 to $100;
kitchen man for lunch place. $30; private
family waiter, *35 found; restaurant cooks.
$00 and'$S0;. cook for 4 men; cook, for pri-
vate family hotel ; 2 hotel waiters, - country.'
$30 and found; dishwashers and others. J.
: F. CROSETT & CO.. 62S Sacramento st. •,
FRUIT farmer and wife. $40; blacksmith. $1 60
" to $2 day and found: coachman and wife, $(>0
and found; man about place, $30 and found;
ranch teamster . $35 and found and fare re-
funded : ' sheep i herder, > $30 and - found ; coop-]
" ers; office toy ; -boy to ; learn trade; : wood-
choppem $2 75 cord; quarrymen, $2 25. day;"*'
laborers,' $2 day. and others. J. F. CROSS-
ETT & CO.; 628 Sacramento at V; .
WANTED— 15 more woodchoppers for mining
¦-" company, i fare paid, : long Job, pine. 2 and 4
. . foot wdbd; go early: this week; good wages.
•\.."J. ;F.=' CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento Bt.
TRY our men's shoes, j union made," at $1 , and
¦¦ .$J'CO pair; foot-form shoes nt $2 50; we pay
. express or mall chrss. 11 3d st. Exam. bid.
WA NTED— An elevator boy. 29 Stockton . st. 5
SHOEMAKER wanted Immediately. T.'
¦ HINES, 1807 Haight st. .
MISCELLAXEOrS FOB SALE— -Cow.
Al ENGINE. 16x36: slid* valve; about^175 HPi
good as new; bargain. P. O. box -0S8. m>
A VERY fine diamond over 3 karats for $333 "
at W. J. HESTHALS. 10 Sixth st,
CHOICE carrier pigeons: record birds; left oc
20 birds at a sacrifice. Box 4442. Call office.
3. « AND 10 hp. gasoline engines; 2d-hand: all
sites, new E. B. BECK it CO.. 122 Market.
NEW and second band machinery of all kt_d_.
KROGH MNFG CO.. 619 Market st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THB HER.
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento at
MOVING pictures, m&gts lanterns sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st.
MILES of pipe and fittings: all sizes. EU-
GENE RILEY A SONS. 109 Vallejo st
| MOVING plctura film and song slides. 10*
Montgomery at.
SAFES— New and second-hand. B. B. BECK
ft CO.. 122 Market st, %
| All bargains :eamp stools and chairs :ham-oc__.
metal bedg.mattr»ases.J.F.Hotter.712 Mission.
Edison phonographs, record*, supplies, tnoirtne
picture machines, films. Baciga-upt. 933 M-t,
GASOLINE engines automobiles and launches;
all slies. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
ASK for prices on second-band typewriters: aH
makes. ALEXANDER A CO.. 110 Monts/T.
MISCELL-tXEftCS WAJtTS.
WANTED — A good home In a respectable fam-
ily of adults by a respectable yaursg Ameri-
can woman. Address box 4795. Call offlca.
BOOKS and libraries bought H. C. HOJ_IE3.
1149 Market at. ; phone Jes-le 3741. or postal.
TILTON waats gcod second-hand clothlnr *"<*
theatrical goods. 154 9th at : tel. JesaU 2351.
A BIG price paid for sealskins: send postal.
25 Stockton at.; phors Eush 4S4.
MOSEY TO LOAJi.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY..
eoi-GO_-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements: no disappointment. .
Save expenses by dealing: directly. . -t
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter- |
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust. .
etc.: legacies, life estates and undivided in- 1
terestK in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
INTEREST REDUCED TO 6 PER CENT.
DEAL DIRECT; SAVE EXPENSES.
I will loan on 1st. 2d and 3d mortgages. SA?T
FRANCISCO. OAKLAND. TOWN. COUN-
TRY PROPERTY and REAL ESTATE In
probate; send full particulars of property; no
answer otherwise. Box 2498. Call office.
ADVANCES on furniture and pianos without
removal; to permanent salaried peopl? on
their note without security or knowledge of
employer; lowest rates; no> commission. Na-
tional Credit Co. 68 and 69 Donoho* fcut.d-
lng. 1170 Market st.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S43
Market st. ; tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Thlr J.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, bcardlnj-houses. without
security: ea3y paynients; largest business In
48 principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrott b\<l:.
THE Open Credit Assn. makea advances to re-
sponsible salaried people, confidentially; new
and almple plan; easy Installments. Roozn
60. Academy of Sciences. 819 Market st.
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL LOANS on fur-
niture, pianos or to salaried people on their
note: proper treatment guaranteed. ILLINOIS
TRUST CO., r. 16, Phelan bid., tel. Main 704.
A — 1 per cent on furniture or piano: no remov-
al, no commission, no publicity ;J25 up; quick,
private, confidential. 26 Montgomery, rm. 7.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave, A
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.CC0. A I
MONEY to loan on low interest: gold, silver,
diamonds pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth St.
TO salaried people without securtt>; on fur-
niture, indorsed notes ar.d other security.
S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bldg.
YOU can borrow more money on your furniture
than any other place in city; no commission.
612 Parrott building; phone South t>55.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
• $10Cl>: any security. 302 Montgomery, room IS
ON furniture, piano: no removal. E. W. LICK.
1C03 Mutual Savings Bank bldg., 708 Market.
MONEY loaned to salaried employes. G. 'VT'.
MILLER, room 74, nf th floor. Chronicle bids.
3% ON furniture * pianos; $15 up: no removal.
V. THEM A IN. roo— 81. 6 EJdy at., floor 4.
ALL loans en diamonds anfl Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 538 Kearny.
STAR Loan Co. of TVyomlnsr loans money ti
salaried employes. R.311,M_,t_ai-»awBK.bl<i.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndorser. MORELL. C0» Examiner bldg.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
NO trouble with people who buy the Heine
piano; 700O satisfied customers the best ad-
vertisement; strictly high grade and sold di-
rect from factory to purchaser; this enables
you to procure a first-class piano at a rea-
sonable prlre; we carry 14 different makes;
any piano purchased from us taken in ex-
change any .lime within 5 yean and full
purchase price allowed on a Peerless Heine
or any of our other makes. Some bargains,
all uprights: Collard. $45: Weber. $78;
Sherman A Hyde. $3U; Kimball. $115; Smith St
Barnes, $150; Miller. $178; Emerson fltt; '
Mansfield & Notni. $125; 2 Steinwaya $145. i
$265; 2 Chickering. $S5. $175; 2 Heine, slight- 41
ly used. $325. $365. and .25 others. Instal.t •
fneuiM. $1 up; rents, $'- up, allowed on pur-
cha&e. HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary
st; Oakland branch. Fifteenth and Broad-
way, old P. O. site. Largest exclusive
wholesale and retail dealers of the West. Jt
THIS AD IS OUR GREATEST EXPENSE.
We pay no rent, aa wa own the building.
The only reason we advertise is to let you
know we rent the best piano in the city for $.8
per month. Now we can sell you one just th«
same. Our expenses are so very much less
than other firms, why not Investigate our prices
and compare notes? Invest 5c carfare and savs
from $75 to $150 on a piano. SCOTT-CURTAiS
PIANO CO.. 560-62-64 Hayes st
WE do not advise the purchase of cheap pianos.
a3 they are seldom satisfactory, but we have
pianos at a medium price that can be guar-
• anteed to please the most critical. Our b*st
sellers are the Bchr Eros.. Baumelster and
Schubert. THE ZENO MAUVAI3 MUSIC
CO.. 7t» Market st. ¦-:-.-.
A FINE lot of second-hand uprights from $30
up. Including such makes as Chickering,
Vose. Kro?ger. Curtaz. Kirkham. Peas»«.
Hardman. Marshall & Wendell. Baus and
others. BENJ. CURTAZ _ SON. 18 O'Far-
rell st. No branches In San Francisco.
BAND instruments; F. Beraon. Paris, maker;
Gus Malwald. Ast. Pac. Coast. 27S CFarreil:
skillful repairing; 2d-hand Instruments soM.
A STECK _ GABLER upright, nearly new.
cheap: a snap. HORNUNG. 21C, McAllister.
RARE chance; cash or payments; elegant high
grade uprisht. ltJ McAllister st
BLUTHNER grand piano cheap. BYRON
MAUZY. 303 Post st.
Unredeemed storage pianos and furniture d!rt
cheap. Whltehead's Storage. 1636 Market st.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Steinway upright piano;
perfect order; sacrifice. Keeffe's.2S5 O'Farrell.
SOHMEIt, Byron Mauzy pianos. Ceclllan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st.
SUPERIOR vlolir.9. zithers, old and new. 1_A
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham plae*. \
------- _______—_-__-----------____»
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
STORE and 3 rooms; good stand for shoemaker
' or other business. 711 Fulton st. ; rent $18. *i
Apply MADISON A BURKE.
FRONT office. p!ate glass window; ground
floor, f. L. JONES A CO.. 630 Market st
SMALL store, very prominently situated, sutt-
abie for any business. 1348 Valencia st.
STORE with large basement: below Kearny
st: rent yto. Apply 63« Clay st.. room 1.
PIAXOS AX1> ORGANS.
PART of our list of bargains in second-hand:
pianos for September. 1903:
Original
Price. Now.
1 SCHUMAN & SONS— •
' Walnut case, medium slae, 7 1-3
> octaves, three pedals, raised carved
panel?, in good condition ..$30O $140
1 RICHMOND—
Mahcgany case, small size, raised
carved panels, 7 1-3 octaves, three
pedals, slightly used, but In good
condition 300 173 i
1 SPENCER—
Walnut case, cabinet grand, en-
graved panels, three pedals. 7 1-3
octaves, good condition 323 ISO
2 HOWARDS—
Walnut cases, medium size, 7 1-3
- octaves, three pedals, mandolin at-
tachments, good condition: each.. 300 1S3
1 MOIiENHAUER & BACH—
Walnut case, large size, raised
carved panels, three pedals. 7 1-a
: octaves. In very good condition... 350 19C
I 1 NEWMAN BROS.—
Walnut case, large size upright,
i 7 1-3 octaves, thoroughly renovatad.
equal to new 350 »**
¦ 1 LUDW1G A CO.— ";
Oak case medium size, raised '^Bt
carved panels. 7 1-3 octaves three *~^ "
pedals, good tone, tn fine condition. 330 210 g
; . Co— plete list furnished on application a«fl
' our store. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.. _f
t -_ • ¦ ; Cora .tr Keaxn y and Sutter «*>¦*£
HELP WAXTED— -MALE^Conttnnca.
MURRAY & RKAD Y, (34 and 636 Clay st!
- PHONE MAINE 6848.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
1902 WK GAVE 1903 WE'LL GIVE
45,000 MEN WORK. 60.000 MEN WORK.
Mtn wanted TO-DAY for
ARIZONA. 'OREGON,
NEVADA.
Southern Pacific and Santa Fe systems; free
pass
ON EVERY TRAIN.
SECTION HANDS, MUCKERS. DRILLERS.
Extra Gams. Teamsters. . Hammersmen.
MINES, TUNNELS. QUARRIES.
Miners, all over State. ?90 and S82 50.
STABLES, FARMS. ORCHARDS, DAIRIES, j
Farm and orchird hencis, $30. $35, $40 fd.
Milkers, $30 to ?50 and found.
Choremeri,. coachmen, gardeners, etc., $.10.
19 stablemen, city, country Jobs, $30 to $00.
MURRAY &. READY.
¦ ' 634-636 Clay st.
S A WK ILLS— WOODS. "
U« laborers, no experience wanted, $40 to ?70
and found.
lah mill and yard men. $50 to $150.
305 WOODCHOPPERS.
287 TIEMAKERS.
All classes ' of exr>erlenced men for woods,
mills, etc., from $50, $C0, $70. $80. $90. $100,
$125 to $150 a month.
• MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st
COOKS. WAITERS, PORTERS^
. 24 cooks, hotels, restaurants, camps, mines
and ranches, city and country, 530 to $70 fd.
12 waiters, city and country, $25 to $45 fd.
14 butchers, different Jobs, $40 to $t'O found.
Second cook, mine; 2 waiters. $40, $30 found.
MURRAY _ READY. G34-630 Clay st.
MECHANICAL. ~~
2 ccopers, factory, 20c fare, $3 25 day.
LOCATED EVERYWHERE.
63C laborers apd teamsters, city and country,
some factories, mills, warehouses, excavating,
building, etc.; many in San Francisco; lots
to board home, $2, $2 25, $2 50.
Positions not advertised.
COME— SEE".
BEST PLACES AT MURRAY & READY'S,
BIGGEST WAGES at C34-C36 Clay st.
PLACER COUNTY.
16 laborers, flume work with carpenter,
$07 60.
1G carpenters, flume work, fare $3, $76.
SANTA BARBARA TO-DAY.
26 laborers, -you'll suit. $J5 found.
3 lumber pliers, north, 575.
ARIZONA
303 MILES. PRESCOTT MIDDLE-TOWN.
ARIZONA. TO-DAY $1 50 FEE
6 slack coopers. »c: 5 cabinetmakers.
TO FRESNO TO-DAY. • «t
15 laborers,, lumber company, $40 .to $55 fd.
OREGON.
COAL MINERS— OREGON— FREE FARE.
C5 coal miners, Oregon. $3 to $5 a day.
VERY MURRAY & READY.
IMPORTANT. 634-03« Clay st
•MIDNIGHT SPECIALS.
Bakers' helper, city. $25 and found.
LOS ANGELES.
5 'plow teamsters, bis ranch, $40 found.
Young man wait and tend bar, $25 found.
Buttermaker and milker, Monterey County,
$35 found.
Old man a* cobbler, institution.
Boy to learn blacksmith trade.
4 farm hands, $30 and found.
2 shinrlers, Monterey County. 60c M.
Man run boring machine, city mill. $1 76.
Butcher shop, south, $47 CO and found.
* 5 blacksmiths and helpers, $3 to $2 day.
5 boys learn trades, $5, $G and $7 week.
PRIVATE GROUNDS.
MULTIMILLIONAIRE GROUNDS.
C laborers, you'll suit, fare $1. $26 found.
THIS IS 9 HOURS.
12 laborers, fare raid, $67 50.
MANUFACTURING PLANT.
25 laborers, fare $1 60. you'll suit, $67 50.
Old man, care city warehouse, $20.
Sheet metal worker, soldering, general tin-
smith, country, boss here, $3 75 day.
Carpenter, 70c fare; lather and shlnrler, $3
day.
Carpentnr, Monterey County, $90.
MURRAY & READY. 034-636 Clay st.
DIAMOND $75 4-horse teamsters.
MATCH $75 You'll suit.
COMPANY. $75 Go to-day.
COcT YOU $1 THAT'S ALL.
MURRAY & READY. K34-6a6 Clay St.
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
59 Third st, near Call bldg.; phone Bush 405.
FREE FARE.
NEVADA NEVADA.
Reno, Golconda and Ryndon.
100 laborers. $2 a day; S. P. R. R. Co.'s own
work.
FREE FARE.
SALT LAKE TRESTLE.
10 carpenters, ?3 50 day.
Board, $4 50 a week; bring tools.
S. P. R. R. FREE FARE.
SHIP TO-DAY.
OREGON COAL MINES.
FARE ADVANCED.
8 coal miners, 6- foot vein; 51 a ton; ship
4 laborers, city, 0 hours, $2 25.
4 men for rock quarry, ?_ _5 a day.
CIIICO. BUTTE CO.
Half rate fare, $2 80.
12 teamsters, $2 50 a day.
10 laborer*. 52 25 a day.
Ship to-day; fee $1.
CAL. EMB. AGENCY. 69 Third st.
AT S. F. EMPLOYMENT BUREAU. 17 Fourth
Rt. — Laborers, city, board home. $2 25 day;
young , man. city, factory. $3 week, raise;
El Dorado County, ship to-day: all go; 4 2-
horse teamsters. $50 month and found; rough
carpenters, laborers, etc. ; laborers and rock-
men, city. $20 and found. We ship free fare
to-day' to Reno. Nevada. Call early. No
strikes. S. F. EMPLOYMENT BUREAU,
phone Grant 26. j
AT "E. & B." R. R. Labor Agency,
03$ Commercial st.
Free Fare — Freo Fare.
60 tunnel men, $2 50 to $3 day.
50 muckers and drillers, $2 to ?_ 50 a day.
lOOlabocers, $2 a day. , ,-
Long Job; eight months' work.
Free fare — Ryndon, Nevada.
"E. & B." R. R. LABOR AGENCY.
038 Commercial st.
WANTED — For U. S. army, able-bodied, un-
married men, between ages of 21 and 35. citi-
zens of United States of goo'l character and
temperate habits, who can speak, read and
write English. ¦ For Information apply to Ke-
cruitinc Officer. Hl.il to building. New Mont-
gomery st, San Francisco, or Masonic build-
ing, Sacramento, Cal. ¦ -
I TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 60 per pair, foot-form shoes at $2 50, or
orthopedic shoes, $3 50;best shoes on earth. 11
Third St.. Exam, bldg., 5-doors from Market
WANTED — Young man. 15 to 18, as clerk In
hardware store: must sseak Italian: refer-
ences. 1224 Dupont «t.
SECOND cook wanted who Is willing to do
part of day helper's work. 18 East st, 6 to
7 a. m. .
YOUNG man with experience to drive wagon
and take orders in the butcher business. Box
4798. Call office. . ;
WANTED — Man ' to work, around boarding-
¦ house: wash dishes and make beds. SW. cor.
Bay and Webster sta.
STEADY German; refs.; tend bar, make him-
self useful: wine housr. 15 City Hall square..
DISHWASHER wanted at SCO Howard st; no
, Sunday work.
YOUNG man to wash dishes. 4£7 Valencia st.
WANTED— 20 men. Apply stage door Central
Theater. 10 o'clock this morning.
OFFICE boy. Apply 435 Battery, st. at 8
J a. m.
DISHY/ASHER. Restaurant, 206 McAllIsIer
St., above Hyde.
MAN to learn the barber trade: first-class In-
structions guaranteed. 611 Commercial st
ERRAND boy wanted. 502 Post st.
WANTED — For U. S. Marine Corps, able-
bodied unmarried men, between 21 and 35;
good character; must Fpeak, raad and write
English; marines serve at sea on men-of-
war in all parts of the world, on land in our
island possessions, and at naval stations in
the United States. Apply at recruiting of-
fice. 40 Ellis st, San Francisco, Cal., and
401 K st. Sacramento, Cal. • -
¦ WANTED — Responsible man for steady posi-
tion; $150 cash security required. 1032 Mar-
ket st, room 4.
FOR «ale — Barber shop, 3 chairs; In lively
country town; price $100. WILL A FINCK.
•barber supply department, 21 O'Farrell st
WANTED-- Rough . . carpenters and laborers.
Apply room. 14. 20 Montgomery st, San
' Francisco Construction Company.
PENSION ATTY. M. HARRIS.. 40 Ellis St.; 14
years', practice; refererces from thousands of
persons for whom I have secured pensions.
BARBERS — 6-chalr •s'hop In heart of city for
sale: owner going ¦ to Europe. Call DECK-
j ELMAN BROS... 100 Ellis st.
BUSHELMAN and coatmakers for country.
.Apply REISS BROS.- & CO.. 24 Sutter st
WANTED— Jewelers at 17 Lick place. Lick
i '. House. :
FIRST-CLASS coatmakers. 1103 Market st %
BARBER grip and full set of toolsl Apply
¦ 919,Cano »t.
BARBER trade taught In 5 week*. Address
¦ W.C. B.. 647 Commercial st.
DRUMMERS wanted for. merchant*tailor; good
.^Inducement. 1125 Market et., bet. 7th and 8th.
BARBERS — Partner wanted;; chance for young
man; about $75. ; Apply Call. office.
NEAT, clean errand- boys wanted. Apply Su-
; perintendent's office, : Emporium. .
YOUNG man in office of large . corporation;
salary $25 per month. Box 723, Call office.
' HELP WAX TED~MALE-~Contlnned.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
520— SACRAMENTO ST.— 620.
• Phone Main 1191. - Cor. Leldesdorff st.
OGDEN— UTAH — FREE FARE.
S. P R. R, Company work — OGDEN.
12 bridge carpenters on the Great Salt Lake.
$3 60 day— overtime 70c hour— SHIP TO-
DAY TO OGDEN.
8 carpenters, build large' gold dredger, a
long Job, ship to-day, $82 50 found.
BUTTE CO. — CHICO — CHEAP FARE.
FEET $1— SHIP TO-NIGHT— $1— FEE— $1.
100 teamsters laborers, rockmen, tunnelmen,
$2 25 to $2 75 day
WILLITS— IJKIAH* ROUTE— FREE FARE-
OREGON— COAL MINERS— FREE FARE^
- 10 handy men with tools. $2 30 day— NEW
CAMP; 20 laborers, near city, free fare, all
winter's Job, inside work. StJP-
NEW BOX FACTORY— TRUCKEE DIST. \
ALL -WINTER'S JOB — Full mill crew; 30O
men for woods, yards and mills.
PRIVATE R. R.. NEAR CITY— 5 laborers.
$60. . /' '1
MINES, TUNNELS. ETC.
6 miners. 8 hours $90; 5 muckers, it s north,
$75; 10 laborers, large mine, south, part fare
paid. $2 day; 3 miners, south. $75: 3 muck-
ers $67 50; 5 tunnelmen. $73; 30O men, cnop
wood cut ties shingle and stave bolts, all
over;' also HUMBOLDT COUNTY. .
6 farmers $30 found; yardman, hotel free
fare, $25 found; cooks, waiters, and dlsn-
washers. Call and get a list of Jo b »-
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
62O Sacramento st.
WHY pay big prices to have your shoes- half-
soled when you can get It done for -5c. ooc
and BOc. while you wait at 563 Mission St..
bet. 1st and 2d sts.. or 11 Third «.?
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third St.; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
MEN to learn barber trade; only 8 weeks re-
quired; special offer thi3 month: catalogue
and full Information mailed free. MOL—R
SYSTEM COLLEGE. 635 Clay st. _
MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed.
S. F. Barber School. 741A Howard St.
OPERATORS wanted at once on cloaks at M.
SIMINOFF'S. 1228 Market st,
BOY 16 years: good opportunity: steady posi-
tion. Carson Glove Co..* 123 Second at.
McDONALD _ PERRY have a large stock of
new and second-hand -shoes; cheap. 239 3d at,
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullls. room 40. Phelan
bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post G.A.R.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms. 35c night; reading rooms;
free "bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, halt
price. 063 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sta.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting: 23c
to 50c. 3P3 Mission »L. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
UORSSS AND WACOSS.
A RARE chance — Wagon. 7 ft. $40; small wag-
on. 5 ft. with harness, $40; surrey, $25;
must sell. 1S31 Eddy st.
HARNESS and saddles, the best for the money,
nt JEPSEN BROS. CO.. Inc.. the big store,
1145-1147 Market St., San Francisco.
A FINE new rubber-tired Victoria for sale,
cheap; the latest style. 1504 Foiscm st.
BIG auction every Tuesday, 11 ft. m. ; horses,
harness, wagons, buggies. 1140 Folsom st.
HAY WRgon with sideboard; big lumber wagon.
910 Capp st. =
DOCTOR'S coupe for sale cheap. 1000 Geary
street.
MUST be sold at a sacrifice; 5 good horses. 327
Sl-th st ¦ «
Al EXPRESS wagon, light campinj wagon
and gocart for sale cheap. 532 Mission st.
Largest assortmt 2-hand wagons. buckb'd. sur-
rey, harness, work.drivinir horses. 15th- Valencia
1 HOUSES TO LET.
! A— PRINTED list of houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMbSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of I
this department: it will save you time and I
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 215-250 Geary
' Bt.. on the square.
BEFORE moving tret or.r printed list o? houses
to let. BALDWIN & HOWELL. '2'> Pest st.
IIOl/SK AXD II.VH.V TO LET.
3-ROOM house: 10-staII barn and hay loft;
near Twenty-fourth and Castro -t_- Apply
517 Clipper «t
" HOUSE S~ TO "LET— FCUNIsilEDT
COZY furnished four-room and bath cottage;
rent f 17; Thirteenth st. Apply 122 Turk st.
BAKER. 1S15 — Furnished hovse. 6 rooms, bath.
Inquire 2 to 6 p. m.
LOST AXD FOCSD.
LOST — Between Trocadero and Cliff House, one
lady's -gold watch; monogram M. D. on»
side, small diamond on the other; $20 re-
ward. Return A. E. SATHER, care Mur-
phy. Grant Sz Co.. Bush and Sansome sts.
LOST — A white bull terrier; bindle spot on left
• eye, ears cut. Return to «40 Golden Gate
ave. and receive rewards
LOST — Lady's gold watch; monogram "C. M.
P."; liberal reward. Superintendent's office.
Hale Bros. .
LOST — Fox terrier; tag No. 4105; reward. 930
Sanchez tt.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter St.. need* old
fold snd nilver to make new watch cases.
' MEDICAL.
SAN" FRANCISCO'S EMINENT PHYSICIAN.
DOCTOR WHITE:
.' ,'. TREATS WOMEN ONLY.
702 MARKET ST.. room 7. Phone Red 3321.
Every facility for the BEST treatment of
all diseases and disorders of women. Elegant j
sanatorium. Select patients. Strictly confi- j
dentlal. Fees within the reach of all.
MRS DR. WYETH. specialist for all female !
complaints; instant relief guaranteed; 30 I
years' experience; removed to S2tt Poat st
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities: instant re-
lief guaranteed. 100S% Market St., opp. 5th,
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
In trouble ccnsult this specialist on female
complaints; positively Corrected: the unfor-
tunate helped; the most difficult cases treat-
ed: advice free. Office. 1013 Market st.
Drs. Oocdwin. 733 Turk, nr. Van Ness — Expert
in obstetrics, female complaints: Inst relief;
treatmtnt glO; hours. 10 to 5; 25 yrs. exper.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market -Reliable ladies'
. specialist; a private home before and during
confinement: best medical care; low fee*.
A maternity villa; prtvate: secluded; confiden-
tial. Dr. E. Furke. 1410 Eishth nt.. Alameda.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1120 Market ts.
DR. ROSEN, moved to 2905 Folsom St.. corner
26th; relief $10; ladies' exclusive office.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 31S Powell St.. opposite'
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
MILLIXERY.
LADIES^ — 200 stylish hats to select from; leasa
sold, must vacate February 1. 1904; save
money by calling on MME. DOSCH. 207 Poat
. MISCELLANEOUS— -FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH _ WOLPMAJf. 195-197 Fremont st,
FOR sale — 1 small steam heater. 1 compressor,
1 25-horsepower gas engine, 1 10-borsepower
gas engine, 1 8-horsepower boiler. For prices
and Information regarding aNive and Inspec-
tion of same call at WHITTIER-COBURM
CO.. 20 Fremont st.. San Francisco,
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK T
Repair it with elaterlte; In rolls easy to lay:
needs no painting or coating; good over old
Iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITK ROOFING CO.. 713 Market at.
2D-HAXD 'machinery boilers, engines pumps.
pulleys, shafting, etc. etc.. bought, sold.
rented and exchanged; sea Sunday papers.
"H .8.. WHITE M'CH'Y CO.. 130-132 Beale at.
A— Fine su.ts. $7 60; dress pants. $2 50 Origi-
nal Mlt fit Clothing Parlors, 233 Kearny st.
near Bush ; open to 0 p. m. Sunday to coon.
A— $3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 73. Pop-
ular. Price Hatters. 330 Kearny. st. near
Pine; open till 9 p. o. Sunday to noon.
A— BUYS, eeila or rents gear machinery, en-
gines. ' boilers, water pipe, shafting pulleys,
etc WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
FOR SALE— Stockton Incubator and a brooder;
I nearly new. 1001 Fifty-fifth st.. Oakland.
- near Golden Gate.
i FRESH milk cows for sale; for private fami-
lies especially. Schaefer Stock Yards. San
j Bruno road and Twenty-seventh ave.
. TRY ouf> men's shoes at $1 and $150 pair;
f foot-form shoes at $2 CO; we pay express
| ; charges. 11 3d at. Exam, bid. r. catalog, free.
! TWENTY. Durham heifers In caffT must" be
| sold: make offer. SAM AFTERGUT Mission
road, near 7-Mile House, county line. >
, FOR sale— Heavy horse and delivery wagon.
' - Corner Scfccol and Cayp its., Fruitvale.
~71iiii inWr-i'iniiU'i niiir*- -PEKING, Oct. 18.— The recent episode at
the British Legation in Peking, which
has been described as as an attempt to
blow up the legation magazine during a
military ball, was in reality the robbery
of certain ordnance stores, supposedly b'y
Chinese servants, who carried the gun
fittings and other portable articles away
with them, but left the detonating appar
atus outside the magazine, apparently
finding difficulty in carrying It AH the
stolen property has been recovered from
the junk chops, where it was sold by the
thieves.
British Legation in Peking Bobbed.
KESWICK. Oct. 18.— The two immense
sawmills at McCloud have closed for tho
season a month earlier than usual, owing
to the scarcity of cars to ship the prod
uct. The last mill closed last night. Men
are leaving camp by hundreds to find
work for the winter, although all who
care to remain will be given work extend
ing the logging railroads farther into the
woods. Plans call for twelve more miles
of railroad spurs and a fourteen-stall
roundhouse.
Sawmills Close at McCloud.
NAPA, Oct 18.— Robert Black, a horse
trader' who formerly conducted a stable
in Napa, was arrested at St. Helena yes
terday by Constable Spurr on a charge of
child stealing. The complaint was made
by Mrs. Sarah J. Yeamans, who charges
that Black enticed her daughter, Dottle
Higglns, away on October 12. The girl is
only 14 years of age and was employed
for a time at the Napa Hotel as a wait
ress. .
Black was arraigned before Justice
Palmer last night and bail was fixed at
$25,000. The case was continued till
Wednesday morning.
Horse Trader Arrested on the Com
plaint of a Resident of
Napa.
MOTHER MAKES CHARGE
. THAT CHILD WAS STOLEN
The matter has dragged over the court
calendars for a number of months, and
now the filing of a dismissal of the suit
has furnished additional food for gossip
mongers. It Is alleged. that the suit was
compromised, owing to the fact that the
records of the marriage in Missouri were
destroyed in a fire there some years ago,
which consumed the courthouse and rec
ords. It is rumored that the woman who
laid claim to being the widow of deceased
secured a large share of the property left
by Irwin.
SANTA ROSA, Oot. 18.— The suit brought
by Mrs. Rebecca Irwin against Joseph Ir
win, administrator of the estate of New
ton C. Irwin, to prevent the distribution
of the estate, has-been compromised and
the people of Sonoma County have been
deprived of the sensational phases of the
case which promised to develop. The mat
ter caused a decided sensation here when
the action was first filed.
Newton C. Irwin, a pioneer and well
known citizen of Sonoma County, died
about a year ago, leaving a family of
grown children. He was a highly respected
citizen, who had married in this State and
no taint of scandal had ever besmirched
his name. When the estate was in readi
ness for distribution Mrs. Rebecca Irwin
of Missouri, claiming to be the rightful
widow of Irwin, filed a contest for a wid
ow's share of the property.
Irwin left a widow in this State, who
was greatly surprised at the claims of
the Eastern woman. The latter claimed
that fifty years ago Mr. Irwin, deceased,
had deserted her to come to California,
and that subsequent to that time she had
never heard from him. :
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
Sudden Settlement Surprises
People of Sonoma
County.
Court Will Not Deal
With the Irwin Es
tate Case.
SUIT IS ENDED
BY COMPROMISE
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct. IS— 5 p. m.
The following aro the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same data last
season and rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
Last This i \ Last
Stations— 21 Hours. Season. \ A Sea son.
Eureka 0.02 3.10 \n 0.73
Red Bluff 0.00 0.44 * ' 0.04'
Sacramento 0.00 0.14 0.12
San Francisco.... 0.00 0.17 0.21
Fresno 0.00 0.00 T.
Independent* .... 0.00 T.« 0.30
San Luis Oblspo.. 0.00 0.02 T.
Loe Angeles .... 0.00 W43 T.
San Diego 0.00 O.Oti 0.92
THE COAST RECORD.
~~a g g O m Z
3 gE 353 t
STATIONS. 5 *§ J| ?S. '£* F
: ? ? : : f
Ba^er 30.20 70 33 NW Clear 00
Canon 30.12 78 84 NB CTear 00
gur^a 30.16 64 62 N Foggy 02
Farallon 80.05 65 65 NW Fokkv 00
Frwno 30.00 96 56 .W Clear 'oO
flagstaff 30.20 64 28 E Clear '.CO
Independence .30.12 80 64 SB Clear 00
Los Angeles.. 29. 98 96 62 W Clear "oo
Mt. Tamalpais30.10 84 71 SW Clear 'oo
North Head ..30.14 64 62 NVT Clear *C0
Phoenix 29.98 00 66 NB Clear ' "00
Pocatello 30.20 76 34 S Clear *00
Portland 30.14 62 42 S Cloudy *00
Point Reyes ..30.00 73 62 NW Clear *0O
Red Bluff 30.02 90 66 E Clear 'oO
Roseburg ....30.08 76 46 NW Pt CIdy 00
Sacramento ..30.02 86 60 N Clear 'oo
Salt Lak« ...30.22 72 42 NW Clear "oo
Ban Francisco.30.04 M 53 W Clear 00
S. L. 5btspo..80.04 8S 46 N Clear *00
San Diego ...29.96 72 66'.... Clear 00
Seattlo 30.18 60 42 W Clear 'oo
Spokan* ......30.14 72 32 . SW Clear *00
Tatoosh 30.20 68 48 SW Cloudy 0O
Walla Walla.80.10 74 46 SW Clear 'oo
Winnemucca .30.16.82: 30 NW Clear OO
Yuma 29.04 96 62 N Clear !oo
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST. .
There has been but little, change In pressure
during the past twenty-four hours over th«
western half of the country. The pressure
continues high over ' the intermountain region.
Very warm weather has prevailed generally in
California. In the great valley. In the San
Francisco Bay dlstrlet and In Northern Ne
vada the temperatures axe from 14 degrees to
IS degrees above tho normal. High afternoon
temperatures have prevailed In the San Joaquin
Valley and conditions have been excellent for
raisin-making. <¦ > ¦:
I Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. October 19:
Northern California— Fair Monday, except
cloudy in extreme northern portion; not po
warm; light northeast winds, changing to freeh
westerly; fog on' the coast./
Southern California — Fair Monday; not so
warm; light northeast winds, changing to
westerly. ¦ ' _ •
- NEVADA— Fair Monday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Monday;
not so warm; light northeast wind, changing
to brisk westerly, with fog in the morning.
, A. G. McADIE. District Forecaster.
¦ » * — : '.-.>?¦? <
New Zealand Christian Endeavorers
now number 10,000. They publish a hand
some quarterly.
THE SAtf FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1903.
9
OCEAN TRAVEL.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Q. R. &N. CO.
"Columbia" sails Oct. 20. 30. Nov. 9/ 19, 29
Deo. 9. 19. 29. "George W. EJder" sails Oct!
23, Nov. 4. 14^ 24, Dec. 4. 14, 24. Only steam,
ship-line to- PORTLAND. • OR., and short rail
line from Portland to all points Bast. Through
tickets to all oolnts. all rail or steamship and!
rail at LOWEST RATES. Steamer tickets in-
clude berth and meals. Steamer sails foot of
Spear st. at 11 a. m. S. 'F. BOOTH, Oen.
Agt. Pass. Dept.. 1 Montgomery st.: C. CLIF-
FORD. Gen. Agt. Freight Dept., 8 Montgomery.'
COMPAGNIE GENERALS TEANSATLANTIQUS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS, -jr^u^
Sailing every Thursday Instead of <3wfcS*%
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier 42, « ¦'¦W
North River, foot of Morton street.'
First-class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond-class to Havre, $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR .UNITED STATES AND
CANADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson Building).
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue.- San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents. .
Kara Island and Vallejo Steamers.
S Steamers leave San Fran-
cisco as follows:
For Ketchikan, Wrang^l,
Juneau, Halnes, Skagway,
etc., Alaska— 11 a. in., Oct.
18, 23. 28. Nov. 2. Change
to company's steamers at
Seattle.
For Victoria, Vancouver,
Port Townsend, Seattle, Ta-
coma, Everett, Whatcom — 11 a. m., Oct. 18,
23, 28, Nov. 2. Change at Seattle to this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at
Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver
to C. P. Rv.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:30
p. m., Oct. 10,, 25, 31, Nov. 6; Corona, 1:30 p.
m.. Oct. 16, 22. 28, Nov. 3.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo), San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa, Sundays, 9 a. m.
H>te of California, Thursdays, 9 a. m.
For Los Anceles (via San Pedro and Kaet
San Pedro), Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz, Mon-
terey, San Simeon, Cayucos, Port Harford (san
Lull Obispo), Ventura and Hueneme.
Cooa Bay, 9 a. m.. Oct 10. 24. Nov. 1.
Bonita, 9 a. m., Oct. 20, 28, Nov. 5.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Ro-
salia, - Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., 7th of each
month. . . **» ;
For further information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or sail-
ins dates.
TICKET OFFICES— A New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel), 10 Market street and
BroaOway. wharf. ¦ -. ' -
Freight office. 10 Market street. *
C. D. DUN ANN. General Passenger- Agent,
10 Market street. San Francisco.
COOK BOOK OFFER TO
CLOSE OCTOBER 30.
The Call's Cook Book prem-
ium offer will close on October
30, 1903, and all readers of this
paper who desire a copy of this
household .treasure should not
fail to place their order im-
mediately.
This splendid premium will
be offered to Call subscribers at
the exceptionally low rate of
fifty cents per copy. Out of
town orders twenty cents ad-
ditional to cove- prepayment of
transportation charges. -
REAL ESTATE CITY — FOR ».M,H.
N. H. LANG & CO., 40 Montgomery «t..
Exclusive Dealers in Probate and Back Realty.
$4000 — Stylish, up to date residence In Mis-
sion ¦warm belt"; Jurt completed; containing 7
roornn and bath, elegant finished plumbing and
hardware throughout; adjoining homes have
all found new owners within last two months;
sold to clou* partnership account; easy terms
if desired. *
$11. SCO— $1MX> CASH; not yet completed, but
rented for $1200 per year; 3 marine view
flat*. Xcf. 2IX5K-70-72 Union St.. E. Webster;
«>vfry room is and will be funny; every pos-
eible* latest improvement. For infection ap-
ply to Albert Wilford. owner. 3009 Jackgon.
FOR sale— Three lots. Mission district. Twen-
ty-seventh st. and Han Jcse ave.; $1100 and
U200; this is a bargain; will sell one or all;
no aeents. Address W. H. ROUSSEL, 19
California et.
$T0O EACH— 2 lots. Mission St. $250— New cot-
tage 5r.b ; Fr»*eita ave.; bal. terms. foCO —
New' flats 4-5 r. b. : bal. easy terms; 28th and
Mlrsion. '$100— Cottage. 4 r. b.; 135 Nevada
ave: bal term*. D. Cnffln & Co.. S303 Mission.
ONLY $1295 — A bargain; west side Sixth ave.,
'north of Lake: 2.".iJ20: street work done; elec.
trie cers close by. W. J. GUNN. 530 Cali-
fornia Ft. _________^^_^_____
CHEAP lots runny side Union, with fine mfc-
rine view; '51750. VT. J. GUNN. C30 Califor-
nia st. -
MAGNiriCHNT new fiats fcr eale on Sixteenth
st..* near Church. Apply on premises. D.
COyi:>OX. builder. ¦
Bl'Il'P on your unimproved r<*alty: we loan
full cost Imprcv. anil part lot at C per rpnt.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
FOR sa!e — Fine 2-story residence, 5 larpe
roomt. equal to 6. E818 224 st.. nr. Castro.
FINE Income flat» en Fulton, near City Hall;
reasonable. Inquire 142 Fulton St.. owner.
Hi: VI. ESTATE Country Vor Snle.
j-^XiO — 10 acres rich soil, warm belt adjoining
Pan Jose. In prunes, apricots and punches,
bII bearing: near electric cars; windmill,
tank, doing plant, frulthouse, trays, hard
.finished house, barn, poultry, etc.; exchange
for hou»» and lot or !>«*11 hBlf cash.
PETERSEN REALTY CO.,
Tel. Mint "50. 1035 Market St.
$10 A MONTH buys a to-acrs farm.
Write for booklet: it's free.
WRIGHT & K1MBR0UGH. 603 J «t.
SocraiTiento, California.
FOR farms, stock ranches, fruit and poultry
farms, crazing and timber lands, call on or
•tend for catalogue. ROTHERMEL & CO.,
507 California tt. -
IF you want a etock ranch, dairy or coloniza-
tion tract, write CHAS. WV COE & CO., 45
"West Santa et.. San Jose, Cal.
¦ ¦
ALFALFA lends, stock rancJ.en. orchards,
vineyards; Inspected bargains: monthly cata-
Ioku.?? sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 64S
* Market st.
B2 ACRES fruit or grain land, near Esparto.
Tclo Co.: cheap. Address E. A. KN'EIB. Di-
rnond, Csl.
FOR *al* or lease — San Pedro farm. 410 acres;
15 mllea from S.F.Apply Madison & Burke.
FOR poultry and dairy ranches yielding: a good
profit. HAMILTON & KENDRICK.Petaluma.
POINT K| CjniONn JKEALJESTATB.^
WATER front lots and barrains ; all tracts;
maps, photoa. etc. DELL. 417 Parrott bldg.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE).
J. J. UJUSON, '
Real Estate and Insurance Agent.
Choice Property a Specialty.
EE. cor. Shattuck ave. and Center st.
Berkeley. Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BBOADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
SATURDAY. OCTOBER 24. 1903.
On the Premises,
At 1:30 -p. m..
The Relchling Houses,
At
Northwest corner Linden and 8th sts.. Oak-
land's prettiest residence section.
- 8 Beautiful Homes,
In
8 Larpe "Single SubdlTisle**.
With 9, 10, 11 and 12 rooms and bath; original
coet, $5000 to $11,500 each to construct.
Large Sunny Lots.
Large eunny lots with 4a ft.. 60 ft.. 69 ft. and
70 it. frontaee by a depth of 100 to 1C5 feet.
(.Note size and depth.)
Beautifully terraced, above grade of etreet,
with the most artistic etone coping uniformly
arranged around the entire frontage, with
palms and full-grown Ehrubberies throughout
t-ach garden. For years this half block of resi-
dence homes has been the pride of the city and
the personal care of the owner, as one of the
finest kept properties In Oakland or San Fran-
cisco.
Artistic and substantial, similar to the
grounds of Golden Gate Park and the Schil-
ling's. Oakland's . water park.
RENTALS AS AN INVESTMENT.
As an investment property has retained
steady tenants. Some of them have occupied
same almost since their construction.
Present rentals are $30. $13 and $t» each.
A HOME LOCATION
F*~ating on the only bltuminlzed residence
rtrcet In Oakland; opposite and adjoining fine
.block Ci modern rw-idences worth from 5S.V.O to
$23,000; in the same block are the Havens" and
George W. McNcars beautiful homes; 3 blocks
of Market or Adeline station; short walk to
Broadway business center; walking distance to
high EChool and finest primary, grammar and
private schools In the city, without necessita-
ting children to cross streetcar lines.
One of the choicest, close in, convenient,
rtrlctly home neighborhoods in Oakland.
AN "OPPORTUNITY SELDOM OFFERED.
THE PROPERTY MUST BE SOLD.
SEVERAL INTERESTS MUST BE CLOSED.
OWNERS ANXIOUS TO SELL,
MINOR'S INTEREST.
SUBJECT TO CONFIRMATION OF COURT.
NOTE THE TERMS.
One-third each, balance on mortgage In one
and two years.
To see premises, get permit at office.
Eale Saturday. October 24. 1903,
1 :30 p. m., on the grounds.
Write or call for catalogue showing photo-
graph of premises and giving full particulars.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE COMPANY.
Auctioneers,
460 and 462 Eighth St.. Oakland. Cal.
WEST St.. 840; seven apartments; Income $79
per month; modern Improvements; windmill
and tank; $7000. Inquire 807 Grove st..
Oakland.
Modern house, 9 rms.; stable; Mason & Hamlln
ortran. Before 12 m.. 422 Orange St.. Oakland.
OAKLAND Fl'nXITCIlE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains in furni-
ture. H. Schellhaas. 11th st.,cor.etore,Oaklnd.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 72D-
731 Howard et.. near Third; phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
nce Post and Powell sU.; tel. Priv. Ex. 671.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dlse. 333 Golden Gate ave. ; phone' East 126.
GOLDEN West Storaee; advances made; 840
Mission St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Flllmore st.: phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
st.: tel. Main l«40. Shipping at cut rates.
TYPE WItlTEBS. AADJ UPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWmTERa^We
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. B36 California; telephone Main 2C6.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par.
ticulars. L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont-
gome-; _r at. . ¦
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired
Webster Typewriter Inspec Co., 508 Market
LEGAL ADVEIlTIUEaiE.VTS;
IN the Superior Court of the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California — Pro-
bate. No. 293i»0. (Indorsed) Filed Oct 13
1903. Albert B. Mahony, Clerk, by e". s'
Hawley, Deputy Clerk. In the matter of
the estate of PATRICK DUGAN. deceased.
Notice for publication of time appointed for
probate of will. C. C. P.. Sec. 1303. Notice
• is hereby given that TUESDAY, tbe 27th day
of October. A. D. 1903, at 10 o'clock a. m. of
that day. and the courtroom of Department
No. 9 of said court, at tbe City Hall. In the
city and county of San Francisco, State -of
California, have been appointed as the time
and place for proving the will of eaid PAT-
RICK DUGAN, deceased, and for hearing
the application of NELLIE A. LASSELL
for the issuance to her of letters of adminis-
tration with the will annexed thereon. [Seal.J
ALBERT B. MAHONY. Clerk. By E. S.
HAWLEY. Deputy Clerk. Dated October 13.
A. D. 1903. A. D. KEYES. Attorney for
Petitioner.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE]
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPAST. *
Tiburon Perry, root of Market Street.
SAN rBANCXSCO TO SAN EAPAE3C.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 0:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:S3.
3:30. 6:10. 6:30 p. ra. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:CO and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
5:00. 6:20. 11:30 p. m.
SAN 3AFAEL TO SAN FKA2TCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— o:05, 7:35, 7:60, 8:20. 11:15
a. m. ; 12:10. 3:40. 6:00, 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:40, 11:16 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
4:55. 5:05. 6:28 p. m. ¦
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. | Sept. 27, 1903. [San Francisco.
Week i Sun- I Destina- j Sun- J Week
Days. I days. | tlon. [ days. [ Days.
7:30 a 8:00 a 9:10 a 8:40 a
0:30 a . Isnaclo. . 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 3:30 p 6:05 p 6:20 p
5:10 r 6:00 p 7:35 p
7:30a ' •"•.' » 9:10a 8:40a
8:00 a Novato. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 r 9:30 a Petaluma 6:03 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 3:30 p and 7:35 p
5:00 p Santa Rosa.
7:30 a ~ 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:00 a Fulton. 7:35 p 6:20 p
3:30 p 3:30 p \ ¦
Windsor.
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsburc;. 10:40 a 10:20 a
Lytton,
3:30 p 3:30 p Geystervllle, 7:35 p 6:20 p
Cloverdale. • . .
7:30 al 8:00 al Hopland 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30a|3:S0p| and Uklab, I 7:33 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a| 8:00 a| Willlts. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al 110:40 a|10:20 a
8:30 n| 3:30 p| Guernevllle. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al Sonoma, I 0:10 al 8:40 a
6:10 p| 6:00 p| Glen Ellen. | 6:05 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30p|3:30p| Sebastopol. |7:S3p|6:20p
STAGES . connect at Green Brae for 8an
Quentln; at Santa Rosa for White- Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altruria and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at Qey-
Eerville for Skaxgs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers. Boonevllle and Greenwood; at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs.
Kelseyvllle Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartiett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs Saratoga Springs. Blue Lake*. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Spring*. Upper Lake. Pomo.
Potter Valley. John Day"s. Riverside. Lierly's.
Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights. HullvUle. Orr's
Hot SprinKs Halfway House. Comptehe. Camp
Stevens Hopkins. Mendoclno City. Fort Brags;,
Westpoft Usal; at Wllllts for Fort Bragg.
Westport. Sherwood. Cahto. Covello. Layton-
ville Cummlngs. Bell's Springs. • Harris. Ol-
sen's. Dyer. Garberville. Pepperwood. Scotia
aD Saturday to Monday round-trip ticket* at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chronicle
building
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pus. Agt.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Leave W» S«i»lit« Jerry Arrive
San Francisco foot tf Mirkit gj San Francisco
Week Sun- gfHi Sun- Week
J2? V !L- days jd^jtS^^K. days Days.
•18:00 i *»:OOa r^4&»«& IS:OS r 10:401
•1:46p 9:OOa lUpH^'S^/ I:25r3:5ur
5:15p 1O:OOa %*«5»«3§f 2:50p S:AOp
11:00a T_%i$$SJr 4:3Op 9:50p
•Caanset iith rttys for * Bipsss saa fills* Cimb
IICIST ( 626 Market ST.,(Nortb Shore Railroad)
07FIJ2B } and Sausalito Furry. Foot Market St.
Other Bants Fe Trains :
7:30 a. m. j for Stockton, Fresno, Baktrsfield,
8-00 a " m! J Merced » Hanford and ViaalU.
4.00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
Ticket Officb: Ml Market St., and Ftrry
Depot, 3. F. Also 11U Broadway, Oak-
land, CaL
I'lIVSICIAXS AXD Sl'HGEOM ,
DrTc~C O'DOXNELL— Office and resldsnce,
1021 Mi Market st.. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention uald to diseases of women.
DLOOD. ekln and rectal* diseases a specialty.:
DR. BALL, 1073% Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONO HIM, herb doctor,
treats flit diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at 607 Geary St.. near Leavenworth.
DR. TONO PO CHY, successor to Dr. Li Po
Tal, herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dls-
-cjtses cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
' SCIENTIFIC OPTICIAKlT.
DURING the O. A. R. encampment Dr. Cllse,
1023 Market st.. bet. Cth-7th, fitted glasses to
Gen. Miles; you want the best as well as he.
SEWING 'MACHINES AND SUPPLIES
NEW HOME sewing machine; this week only;
$10, $15. ?20; slightly used; needles 20c dos.
NEW HOME S. M. CO.. 10M Market st.
CATARKII, DEAFNESS and NOISES in EARS
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Sutter st.
STABLES TO LET.
BARN to let with 1C stalls and wagon room.
74 Pore st.. bet. 9th and 10th, off FoUrnn.
STUTTERING AXD STAMMERINC.
MELBOURNE School. Van N'ess-Market^Cura
In every case; Individual teaching; no medl-
clne. Inquire Into wonderful cures ;home cure.
BIRTHS— MARRIASES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriaxe and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication of flees and be
indorsed with the name and residence of pe.r-
Eons authorized to have the same published.
*" DIED.
Bacome, Sarah Page, Henry C.
Barnstead. Thos. D. Pearson, Annie
Beck. Edna L. Plstolesl, Emma. F.
Bell, Mrs. Mlnnlo J. Rabe, Mrs. Mary
Connors, Patrick Richardson, Sophia
Crabb. Janet Rodger, David
Daley, James Sanderllne, Eliza
Irvin. William B. Schulz. Fred
Koenig, Gaspard Skehan, John J.
Lawler, Alice M. Soubirou, JcBephine
McCondah. Charles Tellis. Torstina
McMurray, James E>. Tewksbury, Geo. H.
Magee, Frances Tormey. Peter J.
Nelson, Robert P.
BARNSTEAD— In this city, October 18. 1003,
Thomas D., beloved husband of Catherine N.
Barnstead, sergeant of police, retired, and
commander of Lincoln Post No. 1, G. A. R.,
a native of Philadelphia, aged 66 years -
months and 27 days.
BACOME— In thla city, October IT. 1903, Sarab
Bacome, dearly beloved wife of William Ba-
come, loving mother of William Jr. and the
late Maria Annie Bacome. and 6lster of Mrs.
Etlmond McGee of Palo Alto. Robert Connor
of Ban Francisco and Mrs. A. GallaKher of
Portland, Or., a native of County Dcrry. Ire-
land, aired 80 years 3 months and 8 days.
?JTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fuuy Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 11 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2«OV4 Clementina street, between
Third and Fourth. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
BECK— In Haywards, October IS. 1003, Edna
Loretta Beck, beloved daughter of George C.
and Nellie Beck, and sister of Leland,
George and Howard Beck, aged 7 years 0
months and 6 days.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
at 11 o'clock, from All Satnta' Church. Hay-
wards. Interment Catholic Cemetery. Hay-
wards.
BELL— In this city, October IT. 1803. Mrs.
Minnie J. Bell, a native of Georgia, aged 45
years 3 months and 18 dayr
X^T Remains at the parlors of the Henry
J. Gallagher Undertaking Company, 20 Fifth
street.
CONNORS— In this city, October 16, 1903, Pat-
rick, beloved husband of Ellen Connors, and
father of Nellie Connors, a native of Ever-
green, County Cork, Ireland, aged 66 years.
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral ' to-day
(Monday), at S:30 o'clock, from tho parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Isnatius Church, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the rcpofe of his soul at 0 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CRABB— In this city, October 17. 1903. Janet
Crabb, a native of Edinburgh, Scotland.
HZJT Funeral services Monday. October 19,
at 2:30 o clock, at 3G50 Washington etreet.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
DALEY — In this city, October 18, 1003, j
at his residence. C'J Natoma »treet, James,
beloved husband of the late Rose Daley,
dearly bt-loved father of Mrs. Thomas P.
Kinch, and brother-in-law of Mrs. Thomas
F. Mullen, a native of Queenstown, Ireland.
C^-Tha funeral will take place from St.
Patrick's Church Tuesday, where a solemn
requiem high masa will be celebrased for
the repose of his soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock.' Interment Holy Ci-oes Cemetery-
IRVIN— In Duncan Mills, October 16, 1903,
William B., twin son of Mrs. M. E. Irvin,
and brother of Mrs. F. E. Allen. Mrs. D. C.
Peregoy and Mrs. A. F. Bcnard Jr., a na-
tive of Lyons, Iowa, aged 34 years.
[CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors cf
McAvoy & Co., 1239 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
KOENIG — In Alanieda, October 17, 1903, Gas-
pard Koenig, beloved husband of Florence
Koenig, and father of Dora, Gaspard and
Louis Kcenlg, a native of Switzerland, aged
79 years 0 months and 3 days.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday,
October 19, 1IK>3, at 2 o'clock, from his late
residence, 53l» Santa Clara avenue. Inter-
ment Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland.
LAWLER— In this city, October 18, 1903,
Alice Mabel Lawler, beloved wife of James
F. Lawler, daughter of Margaret Boland,
and sister of Mary McDermott, John Felldin
and Maggie, Nellie and Robert Boland, a
Viatlve of San Francisco, aged 24 years and
4 months.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day, October 21. 1003. at 8:30 o'clock, from
her former reeidence. 18 Heron street, off
Eighth, between Folsom and Harrison,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 0 o'clock.
Interment Holy Crosa Cemetery.
McCONDAH — October 7. 1903, drowned off
schooner Admlrai. Charles McCondah, a na-
tive of England, agod 40 years.
McMURRAY — In this city, at Lano Hospital,
October 18. 1903, James D. McMurray, be-
loved son of Hugh and Margaret McMurray,
and beloved brother of John, Frank, Thomas,
Mary, Margaret and the late Hugh McMur-
ray, a native of Llvermore, Cat., aged 21
years.
(T7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral from the
home of his parents, thence to St. Michael's
Church, Llvermore, where a requiem high
mass will be eald at 9:30 o'clock Tuesaay,
October 20.
MAGEE — In this city, October 18, 1903, Fran-
ces, beloved wife of John Magee, mother of
William Flynn. and grandmother of Ade-
line Flynn, a native of England, aged 42
years.
tTTrlenas and acquaintances are- respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, at her
late residence, 330 ~ Minna street, between
Fourth and Fifth. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery, by carriage.
NELSON— In this city, October 18, 1003, at
the residence of hla parents, 243% Natoma
street. Robert P.. beloved son of John W.
and Mary Nelson, and brother of Randolph,
Mary and James Nelson, - and grandson of
Mrs. S. Heavey, a native of San Francisco,
aged 1 year 7 months and 2 days.
PAGE— In this city, October 17. 1903. Henry
C. Page, a native of Rhode Island, aged 71
years 2 months and 3 days. (Providence, R.
I., papers please copy.)
(E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday, '
October 20, 190-1. at 10 o'clock, from tbe par-
lors of Halsted & Co.. 940 Mission street.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
PEARSON— In thU city, October 18, 1903,
Annie, dearly beloved wife of Peter Pearson,
mother of Peter and MIna Borgstrom, and
sister of Captain Gustavus Yongren and O.
P. Peterson, a native of Sweden.
PISTOLESI— In this city. October 17, 1903,
Emma F.. dearly beloved wife of Frank V.
Plstolesl, and ' mother of Rosalie, Emma,
. Frank and Norbert Pistolesl and the late
Harold Pistoles!, a native of San Francisco.
H^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully notified that the funeral "takes place
Tuesday, October 20. at 8:30 o'clock, from
her late residence, 4147 Twenty-fourth street, '
between Castro and Diamond, thence to Si.
James Church, Twenty-third and - Guerrero
streets, where a requiem high -masa will .be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 0 o'clock sharp, thence to Holy
Cross Cemetery.
RABE — In thia city, October 18, 1003, Mrs,
Mary Rabe, : beloved wife of George Rabe,
and mother of Elizabeth Martin and Olga
Campbell, a native of Germany, aged' 00
years 2 months and 6 days. .
RICHARDSON— In East Oakland. October 17.
1903, Sophia Richardson, beloved mother of
Mrs. George B. Homer, Mrs. Florence Mur-
dock of San Francisco, William R. Chaff ee
of Boston, the late Edward L. ChafTee and
Madame Marie de Gomez- Farias, and grand-
mother of Mrs. Robert E. Tracey, Miss Grace
E. Homer and Miss Franccsca Wall of New
"York, a native of Maine, aged 73 years > a
months and & days.
C3* Friends and acquaintances are reBpecl-
James McGinn. Henry Hafcsen.
JAMES McQINN &CO..
Formerly With McGinn Bros., S
——Funeral Directors and Embalmers. ¦
214 Eddy st.: Tel. South 676. '
PERSONALS. j
' ' *tr Remedy rertorrs gray hair, Im-
: .* '.. . • prowih.Etor.ji falling, cures dandruff
"" • ir.K scalp; no stain or stickiness; >
; _ ; .i:*«s scfc.ip;at druggists'. hairdreEe^rs" ; ac- \
<•• pt no FUhstitute. Ptar ttemp<JyCo..l33S Polk.
a'K fTimable gentleman d«-sire» lady partner
t". irr.ve'; good burlnefs pror>«;Ulon. Address '
* F. W. MOonr 125 Temp'.e St.. Los An-
tclc-, Cal.
CL^Al"!. Al'GCSTUS CUURIE. his Wife or
chilcire'n. or any one knowing their where-
fe?* i:is, dense communicate with box "14,
_ <Cc!l. f.nd learn something to their advantage.
BRAVX" — ProffSKor Martin, graduate maswur
of th* Imperial University Hospital. Vienr.a,
•Office £2* ftarr K'.ng hlig.. 121 Geary. Tel.
.Eirr-.angt 216.
'iiQT how ch<*!ip byt how good is the motto of
th<« manufacturer* of the Rapid Rotary
: ?-...:!•: the sfwlnc-machine of to-day. J
AV. EVAXg. ager.t. tOM Market st.
FllYJ=!CIAN. IS years' experience, cures per-
«nan«-ntly morphine, cccaine habit. Call or
iad^rt-ss Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave.,
* -corner Butter *t. : fe* moderate. t
IX1LLS wasted to dreys for exhibition or pri-
vsf- Uff; i>lace orders before holiday rush.
TJoIl r>re«=*r box 729. Call office.
LIQT'OR haMt cur-d. T\> guarantee to cure
the liquor hs-fcit !n 2 day* or no chances.
. -Acme UqttQC Cure Co.. S)37 Market, r. 202.
DRCJCKEXNEES. morphine and all drug dls-
• «a?<.:- positively cured by 'Willow Bark Co.,
1<^3 Pc!k *t.: consultation' fr<f>;call or write.
DANCING Tu<^daj\ Thursday Saturday and
Bonday evenings at Teutonla Hall, Howard
St.. near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
CEMOVAI^— Dr. W. C. STRATTON has re-
• moved his offlfe from 2255 Mission st. to
rooms .173 and 571. Parrott bldg (Emporium).
AT '.ere than cost, uncalled for *ults. overcoats
•ri^l trousers at CHARLES LYONS' London
Tailor. 721 Market ft.
suite on eary installments: SO cents
e.nil up per week. LEOX LEilOS. 1127
Market Ft., bet. Seventh and Eighth.
$5 HATS a specialty this week. S18 OTarrcll
etreet.
OLr hats msie new. Ei« O'Farrell st.
AN'PERSOX— Elejrant theatrical and masquer-
ade costumes rented. 2C O'Farrell et.
Pt'ITS to order on Installment*, fl per week.
. Ncuhaus & Co.. merch.tailar*.727-729 Market.
SITERFLTOUS hair A moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Dr. A Mrs.Traverse.1170 Market.
THE best place to buy good umbrellas or
have them covered or repaired Is 120 Stockton
TAILOR-MADE eult *7 50; dre?s pants $2 50.
. Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs,
country orders. GOLDSTEIN 4 CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFRnDUM'B Errptiaji Her.na restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1 ; at all druggists'.
Bupcrfl uous ha'.r and mo'.es re-moved with elec-
tric needle. Mrs. & Miss Eaton. 1119 Sotter.
FALmSTItY.
MMT. PEVAS — Scientific rjaimist and astrolo-
rist. Palm readings $1. Hours 10 to 12 and
1 to 5. arid Tuesday evenings. 139 Post st.
H. JEROME FOSELLI, scientific palmJet. 615
Taylr-r st.. rear Geary. Phone Black 661.
rAI'CltHAXClXO. PAI.VTIXG. ETC.
ROOMS parered, $3 SO up; tinting, painting.
Hartrr.an Palr.t Co.. 319 Sd St.: tel. Main 413.
BOOMS FOB UOL'SEKEEPIXG.
ANTONIO. 16. off Jonea. bet. Ellis and O'Far-
rell —^ end 4 unfurnished rooms to let for
housekeeping.
ARDELL. 15 Par* — 2 eur.r.y fum. hkpg. rms.,
sink, $3; one, fl oO. $2 week: yard; gas.
ANrt^RP. 415 Turk st.— Strictly modern, 4-3
room eranments; fur. or unfur. for hskpg.
Et'SH. 1E10 — One large sunny unfurnished
room.
FICST ave.. Pf>4. near FuHon Et. — A furnished
Bunny basement; 2 rooms and kitchen; reaa.
GOT'GII. 1"7 — Two eur.cy front rooms for light
ho-jsck«M:ping; private family.
H<">"WAnD. 759A — 2 nice front rooms for light
hourekeeping; no children.
JEP^IE, .">3"— Sunny room, furnished for housa-
Ki-'Tir.p; pgs ranre. water: Jl 75 week.
LAKKIN. 001 — Sunny front room with small
kitchen: no children: rent $14.
MAUKET. ISOS^j. opp. Van Ness ave. — 2 or 3
ur.furrijhed rooms; $15 or flS.
McAI.LISTElT~967— 2~or~3 nicely furnished
rooms; laundry; sunny yard; $10. $14.
MODEL HOUSE. 1208 Stockton — Newly fur-
r.ifhed rooms. J5-J12; bath. r*s. phone.
OAK, 317 — 2 furnished rooms, $8: one room, $3;
pas ranire; hot hath; laundry; adulu.
PIERCE. 915, Bear McAllister— Two r.eatly
furcifhVd rocms 6ultabie housekeeping; use
of. r^rior. baih; phone; private family.
EEVENTH. 191 — Housekeeping rooms; nice
bay-windew rooms.
THIiEE large unfurnished sunny rooms. In-
quire 4f.S Hayes tt.
TTTENTT-THIRD. S726. near Dolcres — 8 sunny
bay- window rooms; nice. neat, camplete.
TWENTY-FOURTH. 8150. bet. Howard and
Fcis"m — 2 furnished rooms; gas eu«e; fold-
Ing bed; bath.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Futscrlpilons has been established at 1006
Valencia st.
noOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and fnfnrn.
A— BP.UNSWICK House, 14S Sixth — Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 23 to $5 per week and
lipht housekeeping rooms: open all night.
AT "The Almonte." »73 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth et.)— Rooms. 25<\ 50c, $1, $1 50 night;
fl r>0 to $10 wetk; house open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old Na 1364)— Fur-
nished rocms. ruite. single; also unfurnished.
' Bt'PH. 1412A— Nicely furnished front rooms
suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen; reasonable.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished eunry room*; prices reasonable.
ELLIS, S2S— 2 large nicely furnished front
room* en suite; very reasonable.
GRAND Southern 7th and Mission — Rooms 50o
to $1 50 night: $1 to $3 week; reading-room.
HARRISON. 7R4*-i near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished sunny rooms; bath; all con.;tl wk up.
HOWARD, r)64H — Nice sunny room; nice Ger-
m»n family: $5 month.
LaGUT«'A and McAllister. St. Jamee fiat — Sun-
ny eicgle room.
KATOMA, 102, corner of Second — Nice, clean
runr.y furnished single rooms. $1 per week.
O FARRELL. 208— Nicely furnished sunny
front rooms, also single rooms; (2 to $5 week.
KOYAL House, 12C Ellis — Incandescent lights,
reading . -a smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor- roorr,« i*:r night, 35c to ?1 50; week. $2
t.) $S; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor: rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SEVENTEENTH, 3M5. cor Castro — Alcove
bedroom, facing Market; gentleman: refs.
TENTH. 2^2^ — A front bay-window room, fur-
riehed'; rent $5.
THE FALMOUTH. 1049A Market St.; furnished
rooms*: hct and cold water; elevator: cntral.
THE Gllle^ple. 119 9th — Furn. rms.. *1 50-$2 50
•«vk.; also transient rms., 50c to 75c per night.
THE La Tour, 40S Post; elegantly furn. rms.;
sunny, every cor.ven. ; hot, cold water, phene.
TURK. 1218 — Nicely furnished room, with use
of kitchen If des'red.
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy st. near Market—
400 «ln*?le and family rooms: 35c to f 1 night;
Cl 75 to $6 week; elevator: electric lights;
¦ reading-room; free bua and baggage.
yji »; NESS. M9 — Handsome sunny furnished
euites and tlr.gle rooms, all conveniences.
WEBSTER. Ill— Large runny front bay-win-
dow room: new flat: new furniture; $10;
1 or 2.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 3d et.. near Market—
Mort cor.ver.lect and respectable; <OO rocms;
ZT," to II 50 night; ?2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec. lights: reading-roeni; free bus; baggage.
2 UNFURNISHED rocmf on Putter St., near
Uroderlck; price $16. gox 2004. Call.
f 7 a MONTH; sitting and bedroom combined;
finely furnished; #unry; ceatral; gentleman.
G. D. H.. bcx 444S. Call.
CLIP^IF'CD advertisements and subscriptions
recelvt-d at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A I>HANCH office for Call advertisements s,nd
KUbsnlrtlon: has been established at 1098
Valenfia ft. ;
ROOMSAXDnOAIlD^
BTEVENFON Mansion. 607 California st- — At-
tractive and eixhlly rooms; best table and
eerviee; I o went rates.
VAN NEKS ave.. 17J4 — Private boarding-houMs.
homelike; everything first cla«s; sunny
suites; elnele rooms; choice locality; ref.
TWENTY-FIRST. 3:!75— One larpe eunny room
furnished suitable for 2 gentlemen, with
board.
PINE. 2040 — Very desirable sunny room with
bo8r<5: private family; phone Baker 3571.
O'FARRELL. 3US— Furnished rooms and board
In priifctt family; price reasonable.
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Tuesday, October . 20,' 1908,"' at 2 o'clock, at
the funeral oarlors of Beesle J. Wood, 112S
Twenty-third avenue, East Oakland. Inter-
ment private.
RODGER— In- this city, October 17, 1003,
David, beloved husband of Clarissa Rodger,
father of Elizabeth, Henry. Thomas, David
and Margaret Rodger*, and Bon of Henry and
Margaret Rodger, a native of Scotland, agod
30 years and 22 days.
dirFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from hla late resi-
dence, 057 Wisconsin street. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery, by electric car leaving
Eighteenth' and Guerrero streets at 3 o'clock.
COURT Southern Heights No. X150, I. O. F. —
The funeral of our deceased brother, David
Rodger, will take place from his late- resi-
dence, 657 Wisconsin street, on Tuesday,:
October 20, at K
3. W. HAMILTON. R. 8.
BANDERLINE — In this city. October 17, 1903,
' Eliza Sanderllne. beloved mother of Eliza
Barnum, John 8. Nisbit and- Mrs. Charles
W. Bell, a native of North Carolina. (Chi-
cago, St. Louis and Cincinnati papers please-
copy.) * "" —
(nTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
October 20, 1903, at 12:30 o'clock, from the
residence of her daushter, Mrs. Elizas Bar-
num, thence ,-to 'A. M. E. Bethel Church,
Powell street, at 1 o'clock, where services
will be rendered. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery..
SCHULZ — In this city. October 18. 1003, Fred,
beloved husband of Margaret Schulz, and
father of George, Margaret, i William. . Vic-
tor, Virginia, Frank and Vera Schulz, Mrs.
J. C. Burk and Ihe late Josephine Curtaz,
a native of New Orleans, aged 61 years and
5 days A member of Bernal Lodge No. 19,
A. O. TJ. W..
(E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
October 20. at .12:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 142 Haw-thorny street, between
Second and Third, off Folsom, thence to St.
Patrick's Church for services at 1 o'clock.
/-Interment Holy Cross Cemetery..
SKEHAN — In this city, October 17. 1903, John
J., beloved husband of the late Maria Ske-
han, a native of County Kilkenny, Ireland,
aged «2 years 3 months and 3 days.
(T7"Frienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of McFadden, McBrearty & Green, 1171
Mission street, between Seventh and Eighth,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for service's
at 1 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
SOUBIROU— In thl» city, October 17, 1903,
Josephine Soubirou, beloved wife of J. B.
Soubirou, elster-ln-law of Mrs. J. B. Borde-
nave, Jean Louis and Alphonse Soubirou and
J. B. Bordenave, a native of France, aged 38
years 6 months and 2S days.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
' : fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
¦ October 20, 1903, at 10 o'clock, from the
mortuary chapel of J. S. Godeau, 805 Mont-
gomery avenue, thence to French Church of
' Notre Dame des VIctoires, where services
will be held. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.-
TEWKSBURT — In this city, October 17, 1903,
• George- Henry, beloved husband of Ida M.
TewkEbury, devoted father of Vista M.
Tewkebury, son of Ellen and the late Henry
L. Tewksbury, and brother of Sidney J. B.
Tewksbury, a native of California, aged 32
years. A member of San Francisco Lodge,
Woodmen of the World.
. (C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral cervices
Tuesday, October 20, 1903, at 1:30 o'clock,
at the mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate
Undertaking Company, 2475 Mlssjon street,
near Twenty-first, under the auspices of San
Francisco Lodge, Woodmen of the World.
Interment Cynress Lawn Cemetery, by elec-
tric funeral car from corner of Eighteenth
and Guerrero streets at 2 o'clock.
TELLIS — In Baden, October 17, 1903." Torstina,
dearly beloved husband of Francis Tellls,
and father of Philip an^, Joseph Tellls, Mrs.
Antonia Tireroa and Mnf. C. Brown, a na-
tive of Spain, aged 88 years.
TORMEY — In Portland, Or.. October 16, 1903.
Peter J., beloved husband of Mary C. Tor-
mey, and father of Clara M., Isabel L.,
Edith M. and Julian C. Tormey, a native
of Plattsburg, N. Y.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday
mornlnir. October 20, 1903, at 9:80 o'clock,
from his late residence, 852 Grove street,
thence to Sacred Heart Church, Fell and
Flllmore streets, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the reposo of his soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross t'ometery.
ST. VMJCKNT DE PAUL SOCIETY— The offi-
cer? r.nd memben of Sacred Heart Confer-
pnefl !'iu1 members of St. Vincent de Paul
Society fro respectfully requested to attend
¦ th? funeral of our late brother, Peter J.
Tormey, trOm Sacred Heart Church. Fell and
Kiiimrirp streets, Tuesday, October 20, at 10
o'clock, J. C. MURPHY. President.
J. J. V.'AJ^SII. Secretary.
JSSk, Dr.R.L.Walsh
S_WWJxV\ BM ""nal dukUl prastlM
' wjf^\l t-t lit ftratr tficii
«& *. 847 Geary St
- Ilrett'y eppulto Saratoga Ball
Reduced Rates for Thirty Day a
Painless 1 Extraction ..... 2So
Fillings S0o
Crowns. . . . . . $2.00 to $5.00
Plate Work . . . $9.00 to $23.00
LOOK FOB TSI8 10. EACH OTHEH DAT.
8.S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti, Oct 20. U a, m.
S.B. SIERRA, for Honolulu, Samoa, ; Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday, Oct. 29, 2 p. m.
8.S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu, Nov. 7. 11 a. m.
4J.IFKEKEl!ft8E0S.KI.,l5ti..TWitBnto,843l!rfe!SJ
jKVtimiaivuit^iAjUrniiaoik
OeeafflCS.SXO.EfgS
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or. MONTICELLO—
9:45 a. m., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sunday
Sunday. 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave Vallejo.
7 a. m.. 12:30 noon, 6 p."*m.. ex. 8unday. Sun-
day, 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Fare. BO cents. Tel.
Main 1003. Pier 2, Mlssioa-et. dock. HATCH
BROS.
AUCTION , SALES
fe GRAND £*
AUCTIONSALE
r- --• . • Of Magnificent
ALL-PURPOSE HORSES.
40 head, weighing from. 1200." to 160O lbs..
ages ranging from 4 to 8 years: also several
standard-bred roadsters; Edith. 2:10: Monaco.
2:13. and mares by Director. Guy McKlnney.
etc. These fine horse* are all sound, well bro-
ken and suitable for any kind of work. Sale
takes place next
WEDNESDAY EVENING, OCT. ai,
Cbmmeno*ns at 7:43.
Occidental Horse Exchange,
246 Third St.. near Folsom.
WILLIAM G. LAYNG. Livestock Anctloneer.
t Horses at salesyard Tuesday.
L. H. BURD, Auctioneer
WILL SELL —^~
TUESDAY, OCTOBER 20, 11 A. M.,
.. ; THE ELEGANT
Ne\y Fnrflifore and Piano
of residence. 1322 McALLISTER ST.
- L> H. BURD. Auction— r.
i v . £-Pm t ¦ m£ y^
. DON'T FORGET THE BIO AUCTION
PALE of horses, wajrons, carts, busrsc!-*. sur-
reys and milk w.asons and all klnda of. slrul*
and double harness; also 1 fine driving; don-
key, cart and harness. TUESDAT. Oct. 20, 11
a. m.. 1140 Folsom st.
£* £>
' AUCTION SALE AT ARCADB H0RS3
MARKET. 327 SIXTH ST., WEDNESDAY.
October 21. at 11 a. m. By order of J. How-
ard Mitchell of Yolo County. I will sell 40 good
young horses. To be sold without limit or re-
serve. JOHN J. DOTLB, Auctioneer.
' : BAILWAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains l«»ve itml are due to »rrira at
SA-N FRANCISCO. .¦¦.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street.)
L»atb — Fbom OctObkb 19. HK>3. — amthT
7.00a Benlcia, Ballon, Elmira aad &aerm-
• meato 7-25»
7.00a TicivBlo, Wiaterp, RumaeT 7.25*
7.30*. Martinez, Saa Ramon. Vallejo,
Napa. Callatoga, Santa Rosa 8 23*
7.30*. Ntles. Llvermore. Lathrop. Stock-
'- ton .23f
8.00a DstIs. Woodland, Knights Landlaft
MaryiTtUe. OroTllle 7-83*
800a AtUatle Express— Ogden iod Easi. 1025*
800* Port Co*ta, .Martinez. Aatloch, Bf»
ron.Tmcy.S :o<:k ton. S aeries i*uW,
Los Banos. Mendota, Haafoni.
- VUalla. Foncrrllle 4.Z3*
8410a Pert Costa. Martinez. Tracy, L»t&- -
rop, Modesto, Merced. Fresno,
Gothen Junction, Hanford, V>
•alia, Bakeraaeld 5.2S*
8.30* Slim* Express— D»tI». vruiJami
(for Bartiett Sprtags). 'Willows,
tFrnto, Bed Bluff. Portland 7-55*
8.30a Nlles, San Jose. Lirennore. Stock-
ton. I one. t-ac mm ento, Plaeerr Ilia.
Mary»T!l'.r. Chlco. Red Bluff 425?
8-30* Oakdale. Chinese. Jamestown. So-
nor*. Tuolr.mne aad Angels 4 25»
900* Martlnei and Wsy Stations 6 55*
1000a Vallejo 12.28*
10.00a El Paso Passenger. Enstiwmd.—
Port Costa, Martinez, Byron.
Tracy. Lathrop. Stockton,
Merced. Raymond. Fresno, Han-
ford. Vlsalla, Bakers&eld. Los
Anceles and El Paso. (Wf»v
bound arrlres Tin CoMt Line).... «1.30f
1000* The OTerlsnd Limited — Ogdaa,
Denver, Omaha, Chlcaeo 8 25*
12.00m Hayward. Ntles and Waj BuUoas. 3.25*
ti.OOr Sacramento Hirer Steamers T1 l.QOr
iiOr Benlcta, Winters. Sacramento,
Woodland. Knights Landing,
llarysvllle, Orovllio aad way
stations 1085a
330i» n»y ward. Kllrs and Way Stations.. 7-53r
4. CO? Martlnei,SanIUmon,VaileJo,Xapa,
CalUtoga. Santa Kosa ¦'¦25*,
4-OOp Martinez, Tracy.Lathrop.Stockton. 10 25*
4 00p Nlles, LlTermore. Stockton. Lodt.. 4.25*
4.30i* Ilayward. Nlles. Irrlngton. San (. *8.55*
Jose. Llvermore \ 111.65*
6 COr The Owl Limited— Fresno. Tulsre,
Bakersaeld, Los Angeles 8.55a
600? Port Costa, Tracy, Stockton, Los
Banos 12-25*
t5 30r Hayward. Ntles and San Jose 7.25a
S-COp Hayward. Nlles and San Jose 1025a
S.OQr Oriental Mall— Osrden. Danyer,
Omaha, St. Lc^ls. Chicago *ad
East. Port Cofta, Denlcla, But-
sua, Elmira, Davis, Bacramento,
Rockltn. Auburn. Co If ax,
Trnckee. Boca, Iteno, Wads-
worth, Wtnnemuoca, Bat tin
Mountain. Elko 4.25*
8.00* Vallejo. dally, except Sunday I 7 ¦»«-
7-OOp Vallejo, Sunday only f /M *
7.00* Sin Pablo. Port Costa, Martinei
and Way Stations 11.25a
I 05* Oregon it California Express—8so
ratneoto. Marysville. Bedding;
Portland. Pages Sound and East. 8.55a
8.10* Ilayward. Nlles and Saa Jose (sun-
day only ) 11.55a
11,25p Port Coota. Tracy. Lathrop, Mo-
desto. Merced, Kaymond (to Yo-
temUe), Fresno, Ilanford. VI-
sa'.la. Baki-rin^ld 122Sx>
COAST LINE (.Narrow UMge).
¦ (Foot of .Market Street.) ,
8.15a Newark, Centerr<:ir. Bun Jese.
Felton. Boulder Creek. Santa
Crux and Way Stations 555*
t2.16r Newark. Centerrille. Sin Joae,
. New Almaden. Lo» Gatos.Felton,
Boulder Creek. Santa Crui and '¦
Principal War Buttons 10 55*
4-15* Kewaxk. Saa Jose, Los Oatos and
way stations t8.55*
«9 30? Hnaters Train. Saturday only. Saa
' Joae and Way Stations. Sunday
only return* from Loa Gatos _\ 25*
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN >UAN CISCO. Foot of Market St. (Sllpn
— «:13 »:00 11:00a.m. 1.00 300 5.15 p.m.
From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — tfl:0O ;3:Jfl
t8:05 10:00a.M. 12.00 200 4 00 P.M.
COAST LINE (Bro«d Haw).
tg~ (Third »qj Townsend Streets.)
6-10* Ban Jose and Way Stations 8 30p
7 00a San Jose and Way Stations. 6 SSr
8 00* New Almaden (Tues_ Fr!d.. only). 4.10*
8 CO* Coast Line Limited— StopsontySan
- .-.- . Jose, Gllroy (connection for Bel-
lister), Pajaro. CastroTllle, Sa-
linas. San Ardo, Paso Kobles.
Santa Mirjirlta. San Lais Oblspo.
Principal stations thence Surf
(connection for Lompoc) princi-
pal stations thence Santa Bar-
bars aad Los Angeles. Connec-
tion at CutroTllle to and from
. Monterey and Pacific Grove 1043*
9.00a Ban Jose. Tres Plnos, Capitols,
Saa taCrnz.PactSe Grove. Salinas.
Ban Luis Oblspo and Principal
Way Stations 4-10»>
10.30* Ssn Jose aad Way Stations. 1-20*
11-30* Santa Clara, t-aa Jose. Los Gstoa
and Way Stations 7.30*
LiOr San Jose and Wsy Stations 8-38A
3X0? Pacific Grove Express— 6antaClar»
\~- - fcan June, Del Monte, Monterey,
TaclSc Grove (connects at Santa
Clara for Santa Cruz. Boulder
Creek and Narrow Gauge Points)
at Gllroy for HolUster. Tres
Plnos. at C»»trovl!le for Salinas. 12.15*
J30r Gllruv Way Passenger 11043a
M4 5r San Jom, (via 8*nta Clara) Los
Uatps, and Principal Way Sta-
tions (except Sunday) +9. 29a
?53Cr San Jcse and Prlaclpnl Way Stations »3 00a
B.COr Sunset Limited, Kasthoand.— Saa .
¦s. Lnls Oblspo. Santa Barbara. Loa
"Anrelcs, hemlnc. El Paso. New
Orleans. New Tork. (Westbound
arrlvrs vl* S*n .: .¦¦.qn! n Vallo v > . . . ir8 25 *
?6.1Sp San3latco,Beretfard,BeImont.8aa
Carlos. K-lw«,».!. Fair Oaks.
MenloPark. Palo Alto t3.45*
F.?0r San Jose ana Way Stations 635a
1 1 .30p Sout h Ssn Franel<K-o. >i mbrae. Bur-
liBgame. San Mateo, Betmont.
Sail Carlo*. Redwood, Fair Oaks, 1845a
Menlo Park, and Falo Alto 9.45r
i11-30p Mayfleld, Mountain View. Sunny-
vale. Lawrence. Santa Clara and
8ta Jon » {3-48*
A for Moruins. P for Atleraoon.
tSnnday only-
I Stops at all stations oa Sunday,
t Sunday excepted. a Saturday only.
* Vts Coa»t Line. if Via San Joac«!a VtHey.
tsT"Oniy tratn* •topplas;** Valencia St. sonibboun4
orei:U)A.M_+7;<w».«i .U:fti* m.. «:a>i».M.»nd«:30P.lI.
||pSpP||g|TO SAN RAFAEL.
Pgl^^ SAN QUENTIN,
*\^__YK*_^_ f 2—^ tit\_\ii'tZi§ sail I 1 f A t I
MILL VALLhTs
CAZAD ERO, ETC.
j^^^gg^l^l via Sausalito Ferry.
Suburban Service. Standard Gaug» Electric--
Depart from San Francisco Dally-1 .00. '$ 00.
•»:W.' 10:00. 11:00 a.- m.; /12:20^ »1:45. '3:13.
*--tk •5-TT^6-13 T"00. 8:45. 10:20, 11:43 p. m.
4 :FROm"aS -RAFAEL TO SAX FRANCISCO
riaiiv B-25 »6-35 *7:4O »8:35. »9:35. *ll:0O
Z m..^^ 7:«: «3U3. ***. '»:«.
* 6 TralDs : marked 2 ( < ) P rua 1 to and from. San Quea-
%ROM MILL VALLEY TO SAK^_FRAN-
CrSCO-Dally-5:45. 6:53. 7:52 .8:53. 9:53.
11-20 a-m. 12:S5. 2:00. 3:15. 4:05. 5:03. «:03.
7:05, »:0O. 10:35 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
8:00 a. m.. \ week, days — Cazadero and way
stations. ¦ - ¦ -¦
6:15 p. m.. week days (Saturdays excepted>—
Tomales and way stations.
.3:13 p. m., Saturdays— Cazadero - and way
stations. . - -
Sundays only — 10 a. in.. Point Reyea and way
stations. - •
TICKET OFFICB— 628 Market st.
FERRY— Union Depot, foot o£ Market at* ;
S. S. HONGKONG MARU
...Thursday, December S, 1903
S. S. NIPPON MARU (Calling a* Manila)
Wednesday, December 30. 1903
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage apply -a*. Com-
pany's of flee, 4-1 Market . strwt. cortfr First.
W. H. AVERT.' General A^ent.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m., for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hiogo),
Nagasaki and Shanghai, -, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for. India. . etc. No
cargo received on hoard on day of sailing, j
SE-S. AMERICA MARU .:
Tuesday, November 10, 1903
SAZLWAY XRAVXL.
The Trip East-
How Shall I Go?
That's a question many are asking
themselves just now. Before you
answer definitely please look into oar
personally conducted tourist parties
for ' Omaha, Kansas City, Chicago,
St. Louis and Boston. Through tourist
sleeping cars, and service that you will
thoroughly appreciate.
We like to consider thos9 who
patronize us as our guests and endeavor
to treat them as such. Our sleeping
cars are modern, roomy, comfortable.
They have all tho conveniences of a
standard Pullman car at less than half
the expense. Save your money. •
Join one of our parties and you will
have pleasant company and the serv-
ices of a special conductor who goes
through with each party. ' < ;"
Kindly drop me a line if yon are
interested.
i _
. VI. D. SANBORN, Gen'l Agt Burlington Route.
631 Market Street, San Francisco.
842 c ; ;
j 6ALIF0RNIA |
LIMITED TO CHIOAGO 1
Leaves Mondays find Thursdays 1
I at 8:80 a. m., through In S days* B
j | with diner and all trappings* jfPeddlers in Cutting Affray.
Z. S. Whltten Jr. and three other boys
who are employed In the glass* works at
BeyentH and Irwin streets were standing
outside the works about noon on Satur
day, when six unknown boys attacked
"Whltten and robbed him of a dollar. The
oldest of the gang was about 16. Whit
ten reported the robbery to the police
yesterday and said he could Identify the
youthful footpads.
Robbed by Six Boys.
To correct any possible misapprehension
that may exist in the minds of those who
are not entirely familiar with the situ
ation, the International Banking Cor
poration desires to announce that it is
in no manner whatsoever connected with
the International Bank and Trust Com
pany of America, whose failure has been
announced by telegrams from the City
of Mexico, as published In the dally
papers of this city. •
Important Notice.
INTERNATIONAL BANKING COR
PORATION. V i;
The Swedish-American Political Club
held its thirteenth annual picnic
yesterday afternoon and last night
at Shell Mound Park, Berkeley. The
officers In charge of the picnic were A.
M Wallen, president; J. P. S. Johnson,
first vice president: August SJogren. sec
ond vice president: Alexander Olsson. sec
retary and G. Peterson, treasurer.
The large pavilion and grounds were
posted with the names of Crocker, Lynch
and Eggers. and Judging from the way
the Swedish element are talking now they
will strongly uphold Crocker in the com
ing election.
The picnickers, numbering about 1500,
danced from 1 o'clock In the afternoon
until the last train at 11 o'clock sum
moned them to depart.
Members of the Organization Will
Strongly Uphold Crocker and
Other Republican Nominees.
SWEDISH POLITICAL CLUB
GIVES ANNUAL PICNIC
Trapper'* Oil cures rheumatism and neuralffls.
DrusrelsLB. 60c flask. Richard A Co.. 408 Clay. •
Like attracts like: an empty purse usu
ally means an empty stomach.
ARRESTED ON" SUSPICION
OF SWINDLING WOMEN
Former Messenger Boy Will B« De
tained Pending His Iden
tification.
Roy Gorlalne, alias Curtis, was arrest
ed at &n early hour yesterday morning by
Policeman Kissane on Powell street and
locked up In "the tanks." He had called
at a lodging-house to engage a room and
had tendered the ladnlady a Confederate
T10 bill In paj-ment. The landlady notified
Klssane and the arrest followed.
The police suspect that Gorlalne is the
young man who has been swindling num
erous unsuspecting landladies throughout
the city In the same way. He tallies with
the description given in the majority of
cases reported to the police, especially
one given by a landlady at 1210 Mason
Etrect, who was victimized to the extent
of 53 on Saturday afternoon.
Gorlalne Is an ex-messenger boy. and Is
rot unknown to the police. Some of the
landladies who have been swindled will
be asked to call at the City Prison to
Identify him.
The Rev. Father Bacillus Marsha, a
Syrian priest of high repute as a scholar
and divine, officiated at high mass at St.
Patrick's Church yesterday according to
the Greek rite. Father Bacillus was as
sisted by several of his fellow country
men, who also formed the choir.
The priest and choir sang their hymns
and litanies In Arabic. There were up
ward of seventy-five persons present,
representing the whole Syrian colony, in
the city. Later Father Bacillus spoke to
his congregation, and after the' service
received his countrymen, for. whose spir
itual welfare he is visiting San Francisco.
Father Bacillus Is a guest of the Rev.
Father Cumming of St. Patrick's Church.
Rev. Father Bacilius Marsha Offi
ciates at High Mass at St.
Patrick's Church.
SYBIAN PRIEST WORSHIPS
WITH HIS COUNTRYMEN
Meehan found In the clothing of the
dead man a loaded revolver, a watch and
chain and $14 S5 in cash. There was also
a letter from Cloquet, Minn., signed
"Your sister, Amelia," and dated Aug
ust 13. In It she spoke of "Johnnie doing
so well in the saloon business here" and
being glad that he liked it. She also ex
pressed her regret that his eyes were not
any better. The letter was addressed to
307 Fourth street.
Inquiry at 307 Fourth street elicited the
Information that La Fleur ' engaged a
room there In March last and remained
till last month. All that was known
about him was that he said he came from
Alaska and was troubled with sore eyes.
At 471 Fourth street it was said that La
Fleur had lived there for about a month,
but nothing was known about him.
Emma "Woods, the woman mentioned In
the letter, called'at the Morgue last night
and identified the remains. She is a come
ly colored woman and stated that she
had received a telegram from La Fleur In
Seattle requesting her to come to this
city and arrive here on October 17. She
started at once, but was unable to reach
here until this evening, ana upon her ar
rival repaired to the Fourth-street ad
dress, where she was Informed that La
Fleur had committed suicide. The woman
says she was with the dead man in Nome
during 1902 and had not seen him since his
departure from there in the same year.
She Is unable to assign any reason for the
suicide.
The Morgue was notified and Deputy
Coroner Meehan removed* the body. He
found the following note written in pencil
on a table In the room:
I am sorry that I have to do this, but I will
not leave myself to the mercy of anybody,
dead or alive. I have a room at 471 Fourth
street — room 15. My name is John La Fleur.
I don't owe anybody a cent. Emma Woods will
take care of me. She will be here to-day, Oc
tober 18, 1003. All there is in my room be
longs to her; my bank account also, that is
$500 and $15 on my person.
JOHN LA FLEUR.
John La Fleur engaged a room at the
lodging-house, 781 Folsom street, on Sat
urday night for 60 cents. Yesterday about
noon the landlady detected the odor of
gas coming from La Fleur's room. She
tried to open the door, but found It
locked from the inside. She notified Po
liceman Tyrrell, who forced open the door
and discovered La Fleur lying on the bed
fully dressed. He had attached a piece
of tube to the gas fixture, turned on the
gas and placed the other end In bis
mouth. He had been dead for some
hours.
John La Fleur Writes
a Note Explaining
Suicide.
ThiYd — We each and all express our hearty
good will and best wishes for the complete
success of these great enterprises and shall
never forget the splendid hospitality shown us.
Fourth — We desire to commend and indorse
the skill, care and complete success of the en
gineer in safely handling the entire train under
circumstances exceedingly difficult.
pjfth To the president, directors and officers
of said companies we convey by these resolu
tions our unqualified thanks for an Instructive,
entertaining and satisfactory outing. Signed:
George W. Springer. William C. Murdock.
J F Burgin. F S. Chadbourne. Lansing Mlz
ner "Harry F. Gordon, G. Frlederlch. Maurice
Casey W. J. Hotchktss. W. D. Tobey. J. C.
Walker S C. BlgeloW, Irving M. Scott. H. J.
Knowles. W. P. Henry. William B. Wilshlre.
George W. Scott, Jesse P. Meehan, J. J. Mc-
Intlre-B B. Pond. G. W. Prescott. A. W.
Foster %ugh M. Burke. Edward B Haldan.
John Floumoy. H. R. Hudson C. W. Waller.
DA Bender E. H. Prentice. George A.
Moore O C. Haslett. H. O. Thrall. Andrew
San F R Webster. C. L. Cory. Fred W.
ztl7e S ' E. Blade. Richard C. Ms J A.
Cooper P C Rossi. John D. Ely
Everett. George F. Grant and H. H. Taylor.
At the time Henry J. Crocker was In
charge of the plants and vice president of
the Sierra Railway Company the follow
ing testimonials were given him:
We, the undersigned guests of the Sierra
Railway Company and • the West Side Flume
and Lumber Company, on the grand excursion
given on their respective roads on May 25 and
26. 1900. desire to express our pleasure for the
entertainment and hospitality of our generous
hosts. As a token of the esteem in which
wo hold the officials of said companies, we
hereby tender the following resolution:
Resolved: First — The exact information con
veyed to us by this object lesson, the magni
tude of the enterprise, the generous hospitality
extended to all renews our faith In the unde
veloped riches of mountain districts, as one
of the many opportunities of employing local
capital. "
Second — The courage and enterprise of our
hosts in pushing to a successful completion the
Sierra Railroad Company and West Side Flume
and Lumber Company justifies the confidence
and hearty support of the citizens of our
State.
Saturday. October 24— Thirty-third Assembly
District. Murphy's Hall. Ocean View; Thirty
fourth Assembly District, Duveneck's Hall,
corner Twenty-eighth and Church streets.
WEST SIDE LUMBER COMPANY.
A Democratic evening newspaper dis
putes the well-known fact that Henry J.
Crocker Is a successful business man and
seeks to convey the impression that the
West Side Lumber Company was a fail
ure under Mr. Crocker's management.
The "West Side Lumber Comoany was
incorporated in 1898. The three owners
were William H. Crocker. Henry J.
Crocker and T. S. Bullock. Henry J.
Crocker was president and manager and
constructed the plant and also the Hetch
Hetchy and Yosemite Valley Railroad, of
which he is president. After placing the
plant, on an earning basis Henry J.
Crocker resigned from the management.
T. S. Bullock sold out his interest and a
month ago Henry J. Crocker and his
present associates bought out William H.
Crocker's interest, paying him back all
the money he had placed in the property
and more than $1,000,000 additional profits.
Henry J. Crocker Is therefore the sole re
maining shareholder of the original in
vestors and incorporators. Thd plant is
conceded to be the finest In the State and
stands as a monument to the enterprise,
skill and business ability of Henry J.
Crocker. The Eastern owners aro men of
marked success In the lumber Industry.
PLEASURE EXPRESSED.
Wednesday, October 21— Thirty-second As
sembly District. Maennerbund Hall, Twenty
fourth and Potrero avenues; Thirty-flfth As
sembly District. Y. M. C. A. Hall. Mission
street, near Twenty-third.
Thursday, October 22 — Thirty-flrst Assembly
District. Elntracht Hall. Twelfth street, be
tween Folsom and Howard; Forty-second As
sembly District. Franklin Hall, FiUmore street,
between Bush and Sutter.
Tuesday, October 20— Forty- second Assembly
District. Saratoga Hall, Geary street, between
Hyde and Larkin
The Republican Campaign Committee,
"W. J. Dutton chairman, announces meet
ings for the present week as here desig-.
nated:
MEETINGS FOR WEEK.
Henry J. Crocker is making a creditable
and winning campaign. Business men
earnestly favor his election because his
success at the polls on November 3 will
tend to the advancement of San Fran
cisco. Representative workingmen are
lending their support to Mr. Crocker be
cause they regard him as a fair minded,
able and enterprising citizen. Assurance
comes from every Assembly district of
the city that the Republicans are united
and active. Prospects for the success of
the whole Republican ticket from top to
bottom are remarkably bright. It is now
estimated by conservative forecasters
that Henry J. Crocker's vote for Mayor
will approximate 24,000. Enthusiastic Re
publicans speak of 30,000 votes for the
ticket. A prediction was made last night
by one who has given the subject special
study. It is assumed that the total vote
will be 58,500 and that candidates for
Mayor will get the following:
Henry J. Crocker 24,000
B. E. Schmltz 19.000
Franklin K. Lane 14 000
Frank R. Whitney (Socialist) 1,500
LEAVES WOULD
BY GAS ROUTE
Eleven years ago Howland was ar
rested on Ashbury street by two de
tectives and charged with a serious of
fense. He was tried, convicted and sen
tenced. After he had served his time
he disappeared and was not seen again
until about a year ago, when he went to
work as a teamster. He has been re
cently employed by the Almshouse.
Three weeks ago Seville, on behalf of
his daughter, who resides with him at
the pumping station in the park, pre
ferred another charge against Howland.
The latter was arrested and released on
bonds. He did not appear In court and
was later taken Into custody on a bench
warrant. A portion of the case was heard
last Saturday and the matter postponed
until Monday. Various witnesses for the
prosecution gave their testimony In the
Police 'Court and the statements of Se
ville and his daughter were most dam
aging to the defendant.
Yesterday afternoon Howland was seen
loitering in the' vicinity of the water
works with the rifle in his hands. Seville
did not notice him at first and walked
from his : house. As the park employe
did so he claims that the accused man
raised the rifle, and, fearing for his life,
Seville rushed back to the house. The
police were notified as soon as possible
and Thomson and Budd . came on horse
back to the scene. They found Howland
concealed In the brush near the place
and put him under arrest. He claimed
he carried the weapon for the purpose of
going hunting in the park, and was
booked for the violation of a park ordi
nance and a more serious charge may
be made against him to-day.
"William "W. Howland, a teamster for
the Almshouse, who has on different
occasions been arrested on serious
charges, was yesterday taken into cus
tody bv Park Policemen S. M. Thomson
and C. G. Budd and jlocked up at the
Park Police Station. At the time of his
arrest Howland carried a Krag-Jorgensen
rifle and, the police allege, was about to
assassinate H. D. Seville, superintendant
of the park water works.
Mrs. Birmingham and Miss Genevieve
Morony announce a musical and dramatic
matinee for Friday/October 23, at the Al
cazar .Theater, assisted in the musical
portions of the programme by Wenzel
Kopte, the Bohemian violinist, arid Theo
dore Mansfeldt, cellist. The dramatic por
tion of the entertainment brings forward
no less a favorite than Miss Florence
Roberts, who, with the assistance of all
the artists mentioned, will recite Murger's
poem, "La Ballade du Desespere," ar
ranged with special dramatic music by
Bemberg. The poem forms a tragic play
let, In which Miss Roberts alone on the
stage replies with dramatic action and
declamation to a mysterious contralto
voice outside. Mrs. Birmingham sings the
contralto role. The playlet has been given
In Europe by Sarah Bernhardt and Mme.
Melba, but this; is its first public: per
formance in this country. '
"The Christian" drew two Immense au
diences to the Grand Opera House yester
day The presentation of Hall Caine's
powerful play was admirable In every re
spect and at '.both performances was re
ceived with «reat tavor. Mr. Baker has
selected a thoroughly well-balanced com
pany and every character, from the lead
ing role down to the smallest part in the
church- scene, is well enacted.
The star of the cast Is Cathrlne Coun
tiss who, as Gloria Quayle, gives a
charming and delightful Impersonation of
that exacting and difficult role. She is an
exceedingly attractive young woman, of
graceful form and carriage and possessed
of a sweet, well-modulated voice, which
is under perfect control. She was spark
ling and bright in the early portions of
the play and in 'the heavy dramatic
scenes she met every requirement. Few
actresses have equaled her here In the
impersonation of this character.
Asa See Willard played John Storm In
a straightforward, convincing manner and
with great sincerity. He had the addi
tional advantage of looking the young
clergyman to the letter.
Etheleyne Palmer played Polly Love
with great tenderness and proved herself
an emotional actress of no mean ability.
Arthur Lane, who made himself a great
favorite at Fischer's in his specialty acts
some time ago, /has now blossomed out
into a full-fledged character actor. He
played two roles, Parson Quale In the pro
logue and the manager in the main play.
His humor is Infectious and he got a
laugh at every turn-
Nicholas Cogley was a dignified Arch
deacon Wealthy and C. E. Inslee played
Horatio Drake for what there was In It.
The scenery and settings were unusu
ally elaborate and the costumes very
handsome. The piece is on' for the week.
On Thursday night the members of the
American Bankers' Association will at
tend in a body.
• ?.;':• ' "' ' •
The holdovers, Including A. P. Rostow,
equilibrist: the three Crane Brothers, in
their rural minstrel act, and the Golden
Gate Quartet fill up the bill. Those who
left their seats before the close of the
show at cither of yesterday's perform
ances missed the best biograph picture
ever shown in this city. It is thrown
from the new machine recently purchased
by the Orpheum management and Is of
the police following and capturing an es
caping burglar
Herbert Lloyd, "the King's Jester,"
whose introduction as "Jack of all trades,
but master ! of none," belles him, com
mences his first week. Assisted by Lil
lian Lilyan, he Is a show in himself and
his act is one continuous round of merri
ment. Hl«t novelties are wonderful. * He
crowds more raw material and comical
stunts into one act than have ever been
witnessed before. He appears on the
stage in an automobile, with dlamcnd
studded whiskers, and from that time un
til he discards the last of about one hun
hundred ehirt bosoms he calls for ac
cord. Whistling Tom Browne, who made
a reputation in Hoyt's "a Trip to China
town." appears in a fine act. Ho is a
kingpin in his business and has sweet
music on his lips. He intermingles com
edy that Roes very well.
"VVaterbury Brothers and Tenny, in a
comedy sketch, "A Cold Day in July." are
first-class musicians and play upon a va
riety of Instruments. They are funny
whatevei they do and greatly amuse. The
Sisters Rappo are pronounced tho great
est of Russia's dancers.' From their clever
work last night they sustain their repu
tation. The noted Italian change artist,
Colomblno. starts his second week with
new work and is heartily received. A
Parisian comedy In one act opens his
turn, after which he gives caricatures of
great musicians and closes with a carica
ture of a "star" of the Folles Bergere in
Paris. Wallace Brownlow, the English
barytone, appears in new songs and ren
ders them well.
• • •
The bill which opened at the Orpheum
yesterday Is worthy of large patronage.
There is nothing on the programme, from
top to bottom, that does not bring most
hearty applause, and several of the new
performers Introduce novelties that have
never been seen in this city before. The
vocalists are of the highest order and the
same may be said of the comedians and
people in specialties. Interest in the show
is held from start to finish and it bears
the stamp of excellence.
From the pickanlnnie who danced the
bedraggled hen between his knees up to
the trim little leading lady in the Jockey's
suit, old Kentucky was all there. The
buck and wing flip flaps, the tidy-looking
horses and the pretty girls, even the mint
juleps — and the mint part was real at
least— all combined to make the -produc
tion the theater attraction of the week.
In Miss Bessie Barriscale the manage
ment of "In Old Kentucky" has found
an admirable little actress for the part of
Madge Brierly, the rose of the Cumber
land. She plays the half girl, half woman
admirably, her face and diminutive
figure lending charm to the part. James
Nunn as Colonel Doollttle and George
Deyo. cast as the moonshiner, carry off
the honors in the male parts.
"Ring up de wagon!"— that's how the
realism of. "In Old Kentucky" strikes
Baldy Timmy from Natoma street. Baldy
and his friend Swatsy and all "de utider
guys from, sout' d' slot" were at tho
California last night. They yelled with
the Woodlawn Wangdoodles, they climbed
their stato and stamped when the horse
race csxhfi on and they threw goat calls
at the villain with the Pfeffer whiskers.
Those in the chairs below also showed
that the smashing melodrama can take
the taste out of a mouth satiated with
problem plays and society comedies They
clapped their cloved hands with the gal
lery kids' grimy fist and applauded the
show from first to last.
"Ring up de ¦wagon!" From the gloom
of the gallery came the plerclns £ry.
In the midst of Kentucky's mountains the
herolo young man from the bluegrass
dam below lay dying. The bridge behind
him -was cut In twain-. The fair heroine
could not jump across the canvas chasm
which separated her from her lover. A
dynamite bomb lay sputtering near the
dying ycung man's trouser's leg.
New Performers at the Or
pheum Well Worth
Seeing.
Campaign Committee Sched
ules District Meetings
for Week.
W. Howland, Whose Arrest
He Had Caused, Aims
Gun at Him.
Wants Wagon Rung Up
for the Hero at
California.
Park Water Works Su
perintendent Thinks
He Had Close Call.
Republicans Are United
and Confident of
Success.
REALISM APPEALS
TO BALDY TIMMY
KRAG-JORGENSEN
SCARES SEVILLE
CROCKER LEADS
IN THE RAGE
THE SAN FBAKCISCO CAL.Ii, MONDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1903.
Satisfied - customer* tell of our rood work.
Uysell-Rolllns, 22 Clay, printers and binders. •
Mrs. Florence Hall, wife of F. T. Hall,
1136 Howard street, awoke yesterday
morning about 1 o'clock and was horri
fied to find . her baby girl, Myrtle, one
month old, dead beside her. The little
one's, face - had j been accidentally covered
with a pillow and it had been suffocated.
Dr. E. G. Frisbie was hastily summoned,
but ho ; found that life . was extinct." The
body was removed to the Morgue. <
Mother Finds Baby Dead.
Martin Nelson, an arc lamp trimmer In
the employ of the. San Francisco Gas and
Electric Company, fell from the top of a
pole at Pacific and streets
about 7 o'CiOck yesterday morning. He
was sent in the patrol wagon to the Har
bor Hospital, where it was found that his
left leg was fractured and his shoulder
injured. •
Falls From Top of Pole.
Joseph Orsl. a peddler, living at 712
Front street, and Matteo de SantI, also a
peddler and living at 13% Vallejo street,
had a fight on Front street, near Pacific,
about 5 o'clock yesterday morning. Dur
ing the scrimmage Orsl, it is alleged,
drew a knife and cut De Santl twice on
the left arm. Orsi was arrested by Po
licemen Brown and Holmes and booked
at the City Prison on a charge of assault
to murder. De Santi was sent to the Har
bor Emergency Hospital.
10
Liquor department
Cocktai IS — reg'iy $1 25 bottle 90C
Martini— Manhattan — Vermouth-
Gin— Old Tom Gin— Whisky-
ready to use
Whisky — Bull Dog $ t *
Bourbon — rye^ — reg'iy $1 25 full qt
Brandy — California 75C
Pure-rellable-reg'Iy $1 bot-$4 gal $3
White wine — reg'iy 750*31 55c
Excellent table wine— fruity flavor
Porter — ale — While Label $3
Health tonic— reg'iy $2 — $2 25 doz
Gin — Wynand Foe kink $1 25
Stone jug or black bottlfc-reg'ly Ji 50
Rum — Jamaica 75c
For Roman punch — sauces — £3
reg'iy $1 bottle— $4 gal
HOLIDAY FOODS ARRIVING
Imported Malaga raisins ib 40c
Glace cherries — French V 60c
California raisins— 2&JJ 45c
Calimyrna figs— ib 25c
Plum pudding
Mammoth olives
CHRISTMAS GIFT
FRANCO AMERICAN
FOOD BASKET
Contains tomato soup — broth
chicken pate— potted beef
chicken a la marengo — plum pud-
ding — custard sauce
worth $2— sells for £i
432 PINE 232 SUTTER
2800 California San Francisco
13th and Clay Streets Oakland
/ph SPHEROID (Patented) A*$\
-IN Eye Glasses y\ Jj
Tfp Opera Classes (JA
li Scientific
1**$ Instruments rl
l^J Kodaks, Photo Goods vJ
WEEKLY CA^T?ToopSYii5;
BOWEM j
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Table butter— reg'iy 50c sq 40c
15o/°off
regular retail prices on our
entire line of
Household Articles
hundreds of practical— use-
ful and pretty articles
included in this sale
Some lines won't last long
Come early
Nickel steel agate-ware
tin ware — white enameled
ware — blue enameled ware
* 15 0 /° discount
Chafing dishes— nickel pud-
ding dishes — coffee and tea
pots— trays— bathroom f i x-
tures— carving sets— cutlery
scissors— crumb .trays
15 o/° discount
Brushes (all kinds)— combs
sponges — baskets — cake and
jelly moulds— door mats
clothes wringers — casseroles
dusters— chamois— ramekins
} 15 0 /°off
French SOapS — assorted odors 6oC
Roger & Gallet — reg'iy 75c—
Hawaiian Beauty Coffee ib 30c
4 year old Kona — try it — exception-
ally rich flavor and not expensive
rvrnrnAiKVflRRANTrn
s . — — — — ——————— ~~~~"~"
BLACK-SWISS TAFFETA, 21 Indies wide. .-63c Yard
BLACK TAFFETA, heavu duality extra value, 21 Indies
wile - 75c Yard
BLACK GUARANTEED TAFFETA, a Beautiful neaYJJ
aualitu, 23 inches wide 65c Yard
BLACK GUARANTEED TAFFETA, 24 Inches Wide, OUT
most reliable make S !. OO Yard
BLACK GUARANTEED TAFFETA, manufacturer's auar-
antee for durability 26 inches wide.. S3. OO Yard
BLACK TAFFETA, extra heavu aualitu, 27 Inches wide
SI-OO Yard
BLACK GUARANTEED TAFFETA, parspiration and spot
proof, 27 inches wide $..25 Yard
BLACK GUARANTEED TAFFETA, 36 Inches Wide
SI. 25 Yard
BLACK GUARANTEED PEAU DE CYGNE, YePU lustrous
finish, 21 inches wide SI.OO Yard
BLACK GUARANTEED PEAU DE SOIE, extra heaYU and
nigh lustre, 21 Inches wide 51.00 Yard
BLACK GUARANTEED SURAH, heavy twill and soft
finish, 24 inches wide SI.OO Yard
BLACK PEAU DE SOIE, all pure silk and beautiful soft
finish, 24 inches wide SI. 25 Yard
NOTE.
Orders by mail receive prompt attention. All orders for
samples or goods filled and shipped same day they are re-
ceived.
i«*&Q \^^ tt^df?^
ill, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREST.
' < $1 TVOnTH OF TRADING STAMPS FREB EVERY DAY 5 &J%Btfc£ \
r «* JHfcSS J ra^ "WEEK TO ALL VISITORS TO OUR STORE. „.„_ ( ?£#%<¥ <
< ' I IT" TOT; T TV B OUT OK THE CITY. SEND TS YOLR NAME I t,S|l|Fji i
< F r r -ii- L -^<i5 I ANT) ADDRESS AND WE WILL, MAIL YOU FREE fl UORTH. J Eprtrrgfcy S
I HwtT^TB > A P rcal opportunity for everybody to get stamps free We > 5^f#=j. S
' « *lilf'i-«i| > also rive 10 Eiamps with every fl pui*-ha*e on any article in I *ZxLf£i\ J
¦\ ¦fV-?- c V4 i "ur Here. Resta-jrajus baaxdlrtf-hou.-ee. small and large fam- J Sfe^JtfK@t 5
i-'^SffiS S 1:les ' w ' i:l dt) wel1 to corne to ttils b!K wholesale Rrocery this >W%iS^^ S
BtTfflMj week. Our October (the second) eale will be in full blaat. Our \££2Z!Z~-J
*-~~~~2?? Price, will be at the low ebb. Our service will be first class.
f^^^^) The lip. the little, the old and the young. »*»• rf ch and the rrawKSpp i
« 'I-. 'I*"* J roor alike will rave money If they come here this wceK. Ail iK, "ffl ,
ifv&g&M I fi-tUl have free arcese to more than forty thousand dollars < W£$&?&
H"-'i*rT<f < worth of r.'ve goods bought at the lowest price ever pall By \ '
5 fcMljMI S a reliable house t™ rVhable merrhandlbe. Free delivery to all \ f^MUMi /
<te-linl3 > ran* of the t!tv and suburbs, including Vallejo. Mpa. Stock- } LlEE|BIIU b
i $5$nfZl I r^ n - Oakland. IWkfiey Alameda. Sau»al!to. £"»^" e £- tn^_ n \ SpTFlHC <
¦'Wi> \ Rafael. Roe. Val !ev Belvedere, San Anselmo. Frultvale Sather. R^jrf$/; I
I *•?**-%&¦£'? > Mill Rcwe. Kltchbur^ Elmhurst. San I^andro. San I- 05 "*- 120 - '^S^flg >
k^<^4 Cherry sr.i HaywJ| s . The above towns we deliver free to |^^^j 5
V~~~v~~*V your door. Order, sent to us by mall from d^^i.^rT.™ w*~~~~v?
-^^^^^- the country will b 8 filled and shipped promptly ana ireigm pro- -»^~~~£5^\
<E.'^^tid S paia wlthln 10 ° mile*. \We%*0**$ \
* h^iSrSW \ "5 «ka r.lce German Prunes, 15 lbe 25O 5 K?j^&*S ;
5 rijMt** I 8C>0 4 " :K cani Fin * st Irrp " Moch11 *- nd Java -5 C 5 illlll^> I
i^S^ \ ' 60 cat " Cn ' fS & BlackweU ' a M!x * 1 2oc \ J
1 ttktJS&ifc < 1000 bottles full quarts Chcrw Cho-w, res. i&&£82£a& '
(.,¦: tT-kfJn. *\ 60c; now 2 for 43c JESSSSSL/
TCCCCCCCC 100 ° squares^ Callforrl* Flawt Creamery^^ .gCCCCCCC
x^ZS^ii ' l» c "° sQuare* California Fresh Creamery S f^-S&jl \
I $£MXGl <\ Butter, square -*Oo < I^/SHb*^ ;
feflGulJ; OJlfcrr.la Finest Ranch E«s. reg\ BOc ; ? i5'Jjjl$J <
i £££3231 C^l?o°mia' Sto^'EirsVreV/ibc-'now^i'.iisOc < ?
*3fr[E3 ! E-wlffa or Oolden Gate Lard. 3-lb. pell. iUIElMfe S
i S^VseTag '! 35c; r.-lb. pall. OOc: 10-lb. pa'.l «1.2O *«!tw°* ?
i^Z^JfA :000 *ks. Pure Cane Granulated Suear, QX^J^xfc C
f^^ra rtg. 16 lbe.. now 20 lb». (on order*).* 1.00 h^g^:^Kr^ ?
' *+*j***r+****i~J 64 cases Cocoa, regr- 25o can. now 2 cans.. 25c V~~~>~x/x<v'
/X^^^^S^S ©0 cases Babbitt's Washln* Powder. 7 pkgs.25e rt££5£i££?ft
5fe^h^>*3 ' s r>c Fk£ - SaU ' 1Oc: f>CMb - Bk - Tablf Salt..5r»o i '\??Hr&t ¦>
ctoQ&^ftS S 3 largo 2lc bottles French Mustard 2."»c J c v^'5ffi> < *"4 I
B5*jS»*t Most a'.l tak-.nK rowders, Ib-can .IRo v£?f*^Vj (
*^fll*J 6 -' b can Extra Good Baking Powder 75o '^.SILeI^ S
fc^^r'.J Purity Olivt Oil. th* genuine article, ESmEESl ?
lUSTrE* I pta,; 20c; pU.. 33c; Qts., «5c; % gal.^ YTmfM? C
!v,"»- V^~«-- : P2 esses I^ire Maple Syrup. p!a*s qt. bet- Rtvfc^ef^S i
h£»J£*2K ties :iSe: gn\. cans S1.O5 bS«J^S?*^ I
K22S3SEHJ j ton pure Maple Bu*ar. 8 lb» *1.OO
fr!Fr~^>Ef\ S5"cases Ketchup. T bottl'ek! ' 35o"; rT^^^^>
B*&££z$ r '° <~a*es >>' e *' Ccn-.b Honey, 4 combs 4."ic Sf^I^f^ ?
f|Thi'' Carload Flr.e*t Salinas Burbank Potatoes, ( ff?tfc%'* >
i i5333DI*3 ' Carload Beat Caiifomla Flour, 60 lbs.j^ ""• 5 iQJUggjjO 5
i'Vrrt^t full lb. rkps. 7 r^irrants or 6 Raisins r>Oc J h^m€^i I
•v. J^V/> 1ft caees il-lb. cans ?weet Potatoes. 3 can«.'-."»o J &i*2pvin S
l ff^-^SS! Baltimore Oyrters. 6 cans, -45c 1 ; 12 cans. .fv">e > il^^-Snfa >
{__\l_^T?r* 173 boxes Eastern Finest Soaps— Laundry, \H!Z^O^^iJ
—^^^^sn. S bars. 25c; Sand. 8 for 25c; Borax. j~~^~~~~zri
frvrr^Tn 1 6 for *J5c; 3 2-lb. bars Laundry 25o 5f35^*^i53 I
5 *^r<£tS i Finest Imp. Rice. re*. 15c. 0V> lb«.. 60o; < S$%jy&?fc <
< jgJ^ffifcV 1 ; ' Good Wfcoie PJre. 9 lbs.. 50c; 11 lbs.^ 5 w£g££&t; 5
\ StlliM. !' Lemon or^vVnl'lia" Extracts'." Vl H"iize. \W4^MMI
i ;~^JSL^-J! 05c; 75c fire 4Oc; -40c size 25c S^gEI^S;^ ?
f ft*lI3?ft S **«« Spice* In tin*— 4 tine, 3Oc: Ib-tlns, ] 5ilFJ?»3 S
\ & *?s2r6« > anv k:r - d 25 ° \4fiw5B >
IwGSSSSS I New Cocoanuts, 2 for 15c; New Sortshell i fJ^JwfiR \
( fY~j-f-<2 t > Almonds, 2 lb« 25c ( p'Sy?-.- tfflYi >
L^~ * 17 lbs. Sal Soda. 25c: Canned Creams, 3 V^www^
i>^»^ v^.^^w/>q for ................................... .25C
T? r i? '¦*¦¦¦ -"3 ( 03 cheats just arrived Fine Imp. Tea*— SFPj&F5?*&>l C
$ : *>4*<S$fi S Oolong. English Breakfast. Oylon. 5 S^»^ \
p f t%"j r\ S Young Hyfon Gunpowder, Uncolored / ?^S«.'*v ?
K?af|R«»; I Jnr-an. fi»!ier Lee Jaua-i. tea and cof- SlfSlllC^.i, £
f~". .-\-J J *tS-< ? fe« houses price SOc; our price, lb., ;Cnrr=STT'> £
b^^U^S I 45c- 6 lbs 82.OO 5 r^^^ <
&-*%)&£r< J &0o bottle Maraschino Cherries, 30c; $1 i *i*7M$£m t
&¦*,*(&**£} C Lanre or small White or Bayo or Red J >
(KSSbsSaai j Beans. 6 lbe 25c [igggS^firta ?
\~^~~*~^~~ / 7 lbs. Pir.k Beans 25e wwvvvw'
t^^^^^^S » lbe. Rolled Oats. 10 lbs. Rolled Wheat.. 25e l*i£J£S£££wf\
J J5**S»^ < 10-lb. fk. Flour or Cornmeal 25c < I5^*^«S 5
I T^^teJ^S l 2*° 2 * Ib - cans Tomatoes. 4 cans 25e ? S&vSSS-^j i
I 5 18 cases 2-'.b. cans Chill Tomatoes, 4 cans. 2.1c ( jwar-^iV I
< '{_- 5 f ir'V'J C 67 case* Finest 3-lb can Canned Peaches < 1 $
i CT^rri^S 5 or Pears. 3 cans ROc < teffTWTCfl )
< S^btt2t3 > 1° caFea P" 1^ Bed Salmon . 4 can8 35e < T s irm^a' ?
' > 65 cases Fine Sweet Mountain Peas, S cans.25c ( *»?.«¦# £« t
<LvVy*£-* ? 16 case« Very Fine Striagless Beans, 3 cans.30e imf*^?iv i
J >->.» v> «'£S I fl 2T, ><<ttle Stomach Bitters, now T5c } &*&£%& S
(h T^r3^?H 2 AbEintTie. per bottle BOc ) BfrfrT-rtfiRa I
X ~~~ N ~ X^^ # $1 bot Jamaica Rum. this week GOe ,v^w%~vw>«*«'
<r^5pC^V $i 25 full quart Fernet OOe G£?ZQl£Sf\
<2^.^-f > »1 h «tle Old Brandy, this week r»Oc < S^S«« >
<*>ift^* > f I Fine Old Gin 50o SBri'MJ?^ I
J 'St!ff-%*-{. ? $1 25 Irish or Scotch Whisky, bot OOo < yAflT°%* I
?P^KiJiL>ja > 25c bottle Claret 15o } sta^llfcS* i
< 22*~T25q > 35c bottle Port or Sherry 2Oc 5 kQETrKntC >
( OiiiJna S $i 25 O. P. S. Whisky, bottle 6Oc \ S 5^^^ >
i SStMCsj 7 9-year-old Old Crow Whisky, bot (Wo < QViXJCtf, *>
} \ ¦>-. --/¦:' < B-j-ear-old McBrayer Whisky, bot <tOc } »^2%SS S
<ti5_-iiL!2^ > $l' bot. Silver Crescent Whisky 50o J S®S§«j )
vTdX^CCCl^ i 7-year-old Baltimore Bourbon, gal S 1 -"'"* l~*^^^?V
ww-.v^^vi. 13 to $4 Bourbon or Rye Whisky 82.15 -w»^ww>*%^-
rp^%^vg3l B-yeor-old Maryland Rye. iral $1.«5 TSsvZSZFZT}
/Uy^^t^ I *1 ?>««• Colle C e Club Whisky 5Oc \W^^% I
'tr^'JSi^il > $1 25 bot. Vermouth 5Oc IS^Ww C
(t^'^^ii f Old Forester Gin, gal SI. OS } J
( feaUgUgg > Holland Gin. Imp., gal S2.5O > HjtjJ^jCIi S
it^r^Vf^-'J C Old Tom Gin. gal S2.25 I SpanTKC'? f
\~, : ' r il5£:Gir S California Beers, dozen S1.1O < %li*JH?>-;* >
i **S^-^ > Old Peach Brandy, gal-.l S2.4O SjtMi \
\h>&^£*JZ>& ? Old Apricot Brandy, gal * 2 *2°. l'g<S^^lri /
Www^vi^ Imp. Jamaica Rum, gal >2.75 vf^33Ct-SL^
y-;~^^~~~\ Blackberry Brandy, gal S2.00 t > z2££Z^£Z^ y *i
if*->*y*-5iy I 75c Claret, gal -<Oc 5S*is£>*^K3 }
5&fe' A v^t!£ > $1 f>0 Port OT Eherry> ral J- c \&%a}$%ii ;
' I *5 Scctch Whisky! gal S2.5O f
$ f t4^4£JA > Imp. Vermouth, gal »1.BO i *rrnmh~rrrt <
£3Z2£3 > 8-year-old Brandy, gal *2.OO I iWSSi <
I S^ES» I $5 to *6 Bourbon or Ry* Whisky S3.0O \ I*Q2J?^C S
i ?-Vi3rc5? > $4 to $5 Bourbon or Rye Whfsky *2.5O i W2&&Oi$ S
i V* ) Old Kentucky WhlFky. gal fl.OS 5 JiWirt'^S I
imtZ^ii^Irtj > (X bot. Rock and Rye SOc tB3gfc«*gtrq ?
Lwwvw«/ fl Peach Brandy BOc \~ ~ro-w^-^>-rv^
I- -„- .-,_ .., ;»t fl 10 Apricot Brandy 6Oc jujjw^wv
< ) 1048 Mmrket ' 6th "^ 7th * opp " Jone " or Hlbernla Bank. 5 $%5&<$i \
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I AH our stores will be closed I
}j to-morrow on account of 1
I the death of our Vice=Presi- 1
I dent, Peter J. Tormey. I
1 THE OWL DRUG CO., I
jj San Francisco, m
12 Oakland, I
1 Sacramento, g
(¦j Prescription clerks will be on duty. fjj
ADVERTISEMENTS.