VOLUME XCV— XO. 9.'
HERBERT SPENCER, FAMOUS
PHILOSOPHER AND SCIENTIST,
SINKS INTO PAINLESS DEATH
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
¦ Alcaxar — "A Boyal Prisoner."
; AUi»mbr» Ellery's Italian
California — "T"on •yoaaon."
Central — "2Tew Tori Say trj
: nay." -...
rvrturabia^ — "Way Down East."
¦Fischer's— "I, O. V."
Grand — "For Mother's Sake."
Greek Theater (at Berkeley Uni
versity) Ellery's Italian
Baafl. -
OrpbeTun— VaaderlUe. Matlses
To-Day.
The CJinie3— Vandevills.
TBS • THSATEBS.
Continued "on Pase 2, Column 2.
Continued on Pasc 2. Column 1»
j Dead Philosopher Ranks Amons the
I '¦" Great Thjnfccra of the WorhJ.
j Herbert Spencer was born at Derby,
j England, .April' 27, 1820." His father,
William George Spencer, was, as hia
father before him. a schoolmaster of
much ability and independence of
EARLY .WON FA3IE AND HONOR
: . -DENVSR;- Dec. 8.^-Tho returns ; from
the election' forithet choice WJdelegates
to the ' seconcl ; charter,, convention* u'pTio
; 1 0 o'clock to-night I g\ ve'the Demdcra ts
andjfBLntl-' Wolcott ; Republicans* 9$55 ;'*Re'|
publicans i ! and TC»vIc»,*'4627. The, former
dalm-r to rha ve - oarried ; - the r election^ by
10,000 J majority the "faiiti-. Wolcott
:Republicans claim i500 ; morejyotes than
the^regular^- wing of i the -party. V -j ?
Democrats Carry the Election.
TWO HUNDRED BANDITS SLAIX.
ST. PETERSBURG. Dec. S.— The
Russian Irooos have defeated a band
ofchunchuses (Chinese robbers) onthe
Liku River, Manchuria, killing 200 of
them and wounding a similar number.
After the conflict reported c-n Novem
ber CS between the force of Russian sol
, diem 'end a lx>dy of chunchuses at Ta
rhicahao. in which five Russians were
¦ klllod and nine wore severely v/ounded,
the Russians pursued the fleeing tribes
ncn and finally hemmed them in at the
Liau River. Thesreat loss of the rob-
Iteva is attributed in a Port Arthur, dis
patch to t "a panic among the chun
rhucc*.**
BALTIMORE, Dec.. 8.— Columbu3
Ellsworth Upton and Thomas W. Mc-
Gregor, on trial in the United States
District Court here for conspiracy to
rob the government in connection with
a contract for leather pouches, were
adjudged guilty late this afternoon.
Charles Smith, who received the or
der for 20,000 pouches through the in
fluence of Upton and McGregor, was
(the principal witness against the ac
¦ cused. District "Attorney John C. Rose
and Charles J. Bonaparte addressed
the Jurors for the government and A.
L. Leckle of Washington and William
S. Bryan Jr. of ttils city for the defense:
In the course of his "remarks Bryan
took occasion to criticize the 'methods
of the PostofSce Department. He said
in part: . , ' ;
: "First Assistant Postmaster General
j Wynne Is overpaid for merely signing
' letters he does not read. \ The. whole
j Pcstoflice Department Is incompletely
. and shamelessly . run and-thc- Govern-^
ment has hounded McGregor and i Up^
ton a3 scapegoats because of gross
Incompetcncy In conducting the affairs
of the department." ~
He ridiculed Wynne as' ; a ."high roll
er" and a ir.an who • lived 'on - cham^
pagne, green • pea3 > and 'canvasback
ducks and did not attend to his busi
• ness. . ¦ -. ¦ ,
Canal Treaty.: Goes to. Committee.
WASHINGTON, ¦ pec.r'8.--The" Senate
In' executive session to-day referred :the
treaty ' between the ' States and
Panama for. the'constructlonofja canal
across the" isthmus to": the Commltte€Tori
Foreign iRelations. .Tliere^Was no. dis
cussion. The Senate,^^ without
also referred the "homlnation'of Leonard
Wood to be major; general to^ the Com
mittee on.Mllltar'y "Affairs. -
nlngs^who was escorting thsjionjunlon
miners ,whoi were 'ambushed.\wars^found
at a ' ranch, eighteen ,; miles r from the
scene of the. ambu3li; this moniing,. with
one anklejbadly^sprained. ;rOther^m
bers of the nontunidn;Po.fty;retufned, tu
Berwind^after • .the- ¦ambush.V injured*
: The; guards Avhb'dld_. the shooting'atSe
fiundo have' not been ."
Sheriff Clark returned from Segundo
this afternoon and said that before
daylight two Inches of enow would fall
and obliterate the, trail of the men who
ambushed ; Thomas. Jennings and four
non-union miners and prevent the
hounds from trailing them. One of, the
men 5 who is . in Jail, suspected of the
ambushing, has been Identified as
Laure'i Mopdlttl. Joseph Velanols in
the hospital, expected to die any mo
ment.;: A large number of extra guards
have. been posted at Segundo.
; ThV party .of 'strikers^ fired upon b>-»
the' guards to have been return
ing^froiri a 'rabbit hunt Thomas Jen-'
TRINIDAD, Colo., Dec. 8.— Word has
been', received from Segundo to-night
that' an attack on the new part of that
settlement Is expected from the Italian
strikers in the old town and that a bat
tle may be looked . for. Nearly «very
man in New Segundo is armed and will
shoot artthe first indication of an as
sault. -., All day the strikers are said to
have been drinking and -making threats
that they would "clean out". Segundo;
The situation in that^camp Is most se
rious. ¦ At all the camps and in . Trini
dad the Italians are , worked up to a
pitch of frenzy, because of the killing
of a. striker and the wounding of three
others by guards in" the battle last
nigh* near Segundo.
j* iMrs. Maude returned here- from the
,East several; weeks ago and' for several
days .resided: at the Occidental Hotel."
iWhere r her. relatives', were also .staying.
.Later' she moved to the Palace and was
there '.up,: to- a*, few; daya ¦• ago. « Maude
Lwasia- guest .'at the Palace, last week
and -it' is 1 that i the arrange
ments I for i the ;Vmarjia ge .were made
•durlngrhl3istay;lh this city.
i..i;AsV^MIs8 fLouise", Catherwopd,..- jjje
daughter,: of /Mrs. • Darling, wi f e ; of Ma
joriDarilrig, * formerly attached to the
Presidioi garrison, i the! brid» was' widely
known .in .local society, and -especially
among 'the. members of ; the military set
In • and -her. mother 1-flgured
as-Jeadexs. In.February,.V 1892, \ Miss
'.Catherwood- became'; the; .wife .of ' Ed
ward;' CWi>tc-ny;La r , Slontagne/; a v proml
henfclubman of.' New , York. . The cere
mony; was ) perf ornitd ;in this city \ and
was • ona -.of; the ¦.pVincipal • social events
of •¦. the 'season, 'Later the; young .wed
ded couple moved to ' New. York; ; where
Mrs.;La Montagbe achieved prominence
in isQcIet'y at < Newport.. : -. -'.-' ". -
V<The^marriage.vWlll--come^aB :a bit of
surprlslng-iaews *.tojthe; many :^^ friends
of it he/ bride" and. groom, in this cjty antl
especlaliy. tp^thoseot, Mrs. > Maude, to
whom she "had; not given ; the slightest
intimatibh'. of her purposed matrimonial
Intention^ •;• -: % . V- !
News received here that the British
cruiser Mohawk had landed a detach
ment of marines at Durbo and set the
village on fire caused some surprise.
Durbo being under Italian protection,
it is contended that a British warship
should not undertake belligerent opera
tions there.
ROME. Dec. 8.— The Italian cruiser
Lombard!, the gunboat Volturo and the
dispatch vessel Galilee have arrived at
Aden. They will soon be Joined there
by the cruiser Cristofero Colombo, the
flagship, end will proceed to Durbo to
inflict punishment on the Somaliland
tribe which on Sunday last killed Lieu
tenant Commander Grabau.
ITALIAN CRUISERS WILL
FUXTSH SOMALILAXD TRIBE
" "I Want you to say this— and I want
everybody, to go to the root of the mat
ter: What is the moral basis which
justifies any interference with my free
dom in buying as I like in an hones:
market?"
, Leonard Courtenajy speaking at
Edinburgh. to-night, referred to a con
versation-' on the fiscal controversy
which he had with Herbert Spencer
some- time ago, during which Spencer
said : 3£BKft9BMBHHHHHH
-.The 'newspapers all publish long ap
.preciations^and, anecdotes of Spencer,
whom they, describe as the "last of the
"greatUhinkers of the Victorian age."
The; attending physician certifies that
'Herbert Spencer ' died of senile decay.
The distinguished writer, having no
near relatives living, was attended by a
-nurse T and his secretary. By his own
wish .th>. remains will be brought to
: London- and cremated at Hempstead.
Nothing 1? : known of the extent of the
autobiography which it is understood
he has been., writing during recent
years." .Numberless telegrams have
been received from all parts of the
world, Including one from the King of
Italy, expressing his warm admiration
for the dead .philosopher-
,. LONDON,' ;Dcc. .18.^-Herbert Spencer,
the: famous • author, • died ;this morning
at his homeja Brfehton. 'His health
had]beeh failing- for. some months. The
illness: took a; critical, turn a few days
ago ; and > he became ' u'hconscioua last
night,- passing" away -without pain. By
his.ovi'n desh-c-. the/least possible infor
mation was given. out during Spencer's
Hmess.: .„¦/- ¦' . :.: ; ' i
"i Maude"- is\ a prdmtnent; mining '"man,:
with^officea 'in, San > Francisco ; and Los
Angeles. .; H^'has large mining ; intertsts_
in'NyeCounty-in^this^State. : : . :
. , RENCX ; Nev., Dec. 8.'— Charles E.
Maude and Mrs. Louise Cattiersvocd La
atbntagn'e were married la this clty.to
"day ¦ in [ th'e ' Riverside Hotel ; parlors by,
Judge; Nash.' The .ceremony was pei r '
forined ,,irnrn«diately t after- the arrival
of^hls.mOniins's' train from the* West
and} was '^witnessed by ,-A. B. Curtis,"
clerk I of x tbefhotel, 'and ; .^Mrs. rMartin
Simons, -wlfW ; of • the Ich'ief- clerk cf : the
hotel. ¦'..'" : : --¦*".';" -".:"\ ,'•¦•'* ' ¦¦¦'-^'•¦f-.^v
Special ' Dispatch {to The Call.
.WASHINGTON, Dec. ; 8.— Under
weather conditions ; whjch were, regard
ed as perfect, the Langlej*. airship oY
aeroplane ; to-day < was given ,,a? second
trial a short distance from; 'Washington
down the Potomac,- the resulfbeirig.the
total wreck' or thq./a'lrship.*'-: Everything
had been in .readiness for. the .trial :f or,
some days, ; so -that Jt. was. feltHhaf^all
that was /needed ,for, the. : test- wasCthe
right sort 'of wind , and .weather. \ This
afternoon' ¦• these ¦ - conditions * presented
themselves and' the test was -made un
der auspicious \ circumstances!.^;... Vii
- On , the word being: given^ to (launch
the aeroplane.' : it gllded'smoothly.ajong
the .launching [tramway fun'til ;tlie end
of the* tramway^ was' reached : wheru* on
being left to! itseif.^e aeroplane broke
In two and turned^cbmpletely.over, pre
cipitatingProf ess6r t Chafles'M*Manley,*
who. was operating it* into ; the Icy .water;
beneath the .tangled ; mas's.VA number,of
launches ¦ cbntelnlng.r; newspaperj f men
and others immediately, steered ! for the
spot;*' but ibef ore they could * reach'; Pro
fessor^ Manley,"'one<bf ihls ; assistants
leaped^oyerboard'i'and <" brought him
•aboard I the *¦ houseboat ' on- ; which V the
launching; tramway was laid. -- . : ;
'¦¦% Professor.: Langley .was? present;^ to
witness 'the'; test> and appeared,; crestfU
len v when f heTsaw < the ; product r of months
of J study: and '.'.labor, ,,"> combined >..with
enormous; expenditure' of money.'; dlsa'p^
pear4 beneath (the t "water,- close; to : where
he Cwasfstandlng; aboard a;,tug. -
#' The 'failure ) to fly, was total and , the
wreck of ! the aeroplano'was complete. .'
Special "Dispatch to The.Call
Ip|a Montape- Is
¦ ¦ 9il K6D0.
Divesll)* p
tomal^tlilp
NOTED PHILOSOPHER AND
THINKER ¦WHO DIED IN
ENGLAND , YESTERDAY.
Jiiithpr Unconscious
During His Clos*
ing Hours.
POSTAL MEN
FOUND GUILTY
Certain reservations are made re
garding coaet defenses or stations to
PEKING. Dec. 8.— Reports from Brit
ish and other ports are that the Mi
kado, in a speech opening the session
of the Japanese Diet on Thursday/will
announce an agreement with Russia-
ST. PETERSBURG, Dec. 8.— Peace
between Russia' and Japan Is now be
lieved to be assured as the result of the
action of the Czar at Tsarskoe Selo,
where he and Foreign Minister Lams
dorf have considered the reply to the
Japanese proposals. If Japan is will
ing to accept some modifications, there
is nothing to stand in the way of a
complete agreement.
The conference lasted an hour and a
half, during which certain modifications
of Japan's proposals relative to Korea
were decided upon. These were Imme
diately cabled to Baron de Rosen, the
Russian Minister to Japan, and Admi
ral Alexieff, the Russian Viceroy in the
Far East. The latter probably will lay
them informally before the_' Japanese
negotiators in Tokio. The modifications
are said to be of minor Importance.
The convention will cover only Korea,'
Russia acknowledging Japan's predom
inating Influence with the right to pro
tect it.
LANGLEY'S
AEROPLANE
A FAILURE
STRIKERS ARM
FOR CONFLICT
A .separate understanding will cover
Manchuria, Japan agreeing to leave the
question of evacuation in abeyance and
to recognize Russia's special position
and Especial interests and undertaking
riot to interfere with them. In return,
Russia is to acknowledge Japan's trad
ing provisions, secured under ; treaties
with China.
Exactly what form the latter ar
rangement- will . take is not known,
manifestly, since It covers '. territory
over.whjch China exercises sovereign
ty,, and it will not be made the subject
ofi a treaty, but will take the form of a
note.
i- If 1 Japan Is ready, to make the con
cessions ; asked, for by Russia, it is be
lieved that only, a brief time, possibly
a few. days, will be necessary to reach
the. final step of the negotiations, as
Japan's acceptance will be followed by
Russia's formal response.
It: is said that throughout nego
tiations the . Czar was actuated by a
spirit of moderation and the desire tp
preserve the peace.
prevent any interruption of Russia's
sea communication with Vladivostok
and r Port Arthur, Russia's freedom of
trade and concessions, which Korea has
guaranteed. .'.¦.';.'.
MARRIANGE
IS HURRIED
IN NEVADA
Nicholas II, to Avert War, Will Accept
Japan's Terms With flight
Modifications.
RIVALS FOB SUPREMACY IN THE ORIENT. WHO ARE NBARING A
SOLUTION OF DISPUTES THAT, HAVE THREATENED TO IN
VOLVE THEIR COUNTRIES IN WAR. : '
There Is no doubt that the naval au
thorities took into consideration* the
moral, effect 'on the Colombian -Govern
ment of the establishment of a marine
camp at' Empire/
The; report' of , the movement of .3000
soldiers from Cartagena ' for the pur-^
pose of Invading the isthmus cannot be
confirmed. Rumors of such move
ments may be looked for, particularly
as the people, of 'the isthmus are more
or less excited by the precautionary
measures adopted by the /United
States. \ General Huertas is ; about to
establish a^ small, garrison: for 'the
troops of the new Republic, at Yavlsa,
a town at the head, of San Miguel Bay,
on the Pacific side, of the isthmus.'^
"If. a body of Colombian troops should
succeed in obtaining a/ foothold In the
rich ChiriquI district, .it is generally
conceded that, after predatory raids on
the country side,. theyjlwould retreat to
the mountain fastnesses; from which
it would be most" difficult to" dislodge
them. '
It is considered significant that the
point selected for the. encampment of
the Dixie's marines, while it is the
highest and best.^so far as sanitary
conditions are j concerned, on the line
of the Panama Railroad,, it Is also on
the trail most frequently used .In the
past for the, movement of troops over
land from *fhe Cauca district Into the
Chlrlqui district. '
TO SHUT OUT COLO3IBIAXS.
The actual purpose of the .United
States Government in landing the ma
rines, however,- is believed to be con
nected with the precautionary meas
ures now being .carried out. on both
sides of the isthmus, and, per
haps, also for the moral effect which
the landing of the marines may have
on the native garrison at Panama,*, the
loyalty of which, though hitherto ab
solutely unswerving,' ; has been ques
tioned in. some c quarters, especially
since the discovery of , the plot against
the life of General Huertas, commander
in chief of the forces* of the republic of
Panama, and the alleged effort on the
part of a few army officers to-persuade
the garrison to revolt. ,
LOOKS TO MORAL EFFECT.
PANAMA, Dec. 8.— The gunboat Chi
cuito has left for the j Gulf - of Darien
and Chepo River, ' taking detachments
of troops. It" Is announced that the en
trance to the Atrate River at the head
of the Gulf of Darlen is being closely
guarded, bo that any attempts on the
part of the Colombian Government to
send troops through this river to - the
isthmus -will be ineffective.
COLON, Dec. S. — A company of ma
rines from the United States auxiliary
cruiser Dixie, under command of Cap
tain Wirt McCreary, landed here this
morning and took a train for Empire,
a town on the railroad near Panama,
whcie a camp was established In the
canal company's buildings. Another
company of marines, to the number of
fifty, from the Dixie, left on the after
noon train for Empire.
The camp at Empire is.now thorough
ly equipped andaJl precautions. from' a;
sanitary stanapofnt to insure the health
of the : marine^ha\V'b^h^a^ent**^Tfie
camp will be'suppfied 'with r 'w f ater from
the Dixie, ; pending .; the ; analysis of the
drinking , water ' available there. ¦ If
this water should; be. found to be good
the remainder of /the i 450 marines, on
board the Dixie will be .transferred to
the camp in batches of flfty.
The 'stated \ official , purpose of this
movement is to give the marines prac
tice in the building of camps and to
provide relief from their long confine
ment on the vessel.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The incident Is engaging the energetic
attention o-f the United States legation
here. Minister Irishman has made
urgent representations to the Porte and
is now awaiting a full report before
taking further steps. The outrage, It
!s anticipated here, will lead to strong
action on the part of the United States
to obtain full reparation, especially as
full satisfaction for the Beirut affair
has cct yet been given. ,
When Attarian was arrested $2500
was found in his possession. This, It
is believed, may have contributed to
his arrest, the Turks suspecting him of
being a revolutionist.
The Turkish authorities further claim
that Attarian, who is- a native of Diar
bekir, Asiatic Turkey, has been trav
eling about the country with an illegal
passport- They also point out that the
question of Armenians naturalized In
America returning to Turkey has al
ways been a source of trouble, since
the Porte invariably refuses to recog
nize naturalization.
A mob of Moslems seized on the oc
casion to make a hostile demonstration
against the consulate and against
Christians generally. The local author
ities assert that Davis struck the po
lice with a cane and that after the
rearrest of Attarian the consular ca
vasses (military couriers) attempted to
rescue him. and that in the fracas
which ensued the cavasses broke the
windows of the prison.
Davis immediately lowered the flag
over the Consulate and formally broke
off relations with the Turkish authori
ties by quitting Alexandretta, leaving
the consulate in charge of the Vice
Consul. ;..-?? ,
been hauled down and Consul Davis
has left his post for Beirut in conse
quence of a Ferious diplomatic incident,
during which Davis was insulted and
assaulted by the local police.
The affair grew out of the arrest of
an Armenian, Channes Attarian, a nat
uralized American. Attarian had been
in prison at Aleppo during the last two
months and had just been liberated
through the intervention of the Ameri
can consular agents on condition that
he leave the country forthwith.
Dcvi3 was accompanying Attarian on
board a departing steamer when the
police intercepted the party, assaulted
and Insulted Davis and, despite the re
sistance of the Consul and his atten
dant guards, rearrested Attarian and
took him back to prison.
BERLIN. Dec. 8.— The Tageblatt
prints a dispatch from Constantinople
eaying that the American Embassy
there has ordered & warship from Bei
rut to Alexandretta, Syria, and has de
manded of the Porte the punishment
of the Vali of Alexandretta, owing to
the wrongful arrest of an American
citizen, who is an Armenian by birth.
It Is added that W. IL Davis, the
American Consul at Alexandretta, has
leen forced by threats of Turks to flee
to Beirut for safety.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Dec. 8.— The
United States flag over the Consulate
in Alexandretta, Asiatic Turkey, has
Epec'-El DIfyatch to The Call,
Minister Leishnjan Demands Prompt
Reparation of the Ottoman Gov
ernment for the Insult
Loyalty of the Native Garrison in the
New Republic's Capital Is
Open to Doubt.
Will Bar the Progress ol
CplomWan Army of V
Invasion.
United States Embassy in
Constantinople Calls for
Warship.
Yankee Tars Guard
Passes on ttie
Frontier.
Attacked by Turkish
Police in a City
of Syria.
MARINES GO
INTO CAMP
ON ISTHMUS
AMERICAN
CONSUL IS
ASSAULTED
ATTITUDE OF CZ AR
OPENS THE WAY TO
PEACE IN ORIENT
V \ TH3^ WSAJTHEJ. vi
rcr eeurt^ mad e rat/Saui - !"**»--*
Cisco for Bltt»-iii^| f
nlislffit, December 9:
Can Francisco and vicinity —
Pair "Weflnerday; lirht northerly
triads, changinr to westerly.
A. G. McADIE,
District rorecaiter.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 9, ; 1903.
The San Francisco Call'ST. '.LOUIS, Dec. "8. . — .William
Rhodes, Wjtio was born to slavery on
a; South Carolina plantation, .died to
day." in 'the , City Hospital here,; aged
105'years. ' -\ / .'
Death Summons "a Centenarian.
DAVENPORT, Iowa; Dec. 8.—Hen
ry Lischer, publisher. of -Der Demokrat,
is' dead; aged 75 years. Lischer was a
pioneer German newspaper man; In
the -Northwest. He .was a veteran of
the - Mexican and Civil wars.
Newspaper Man Answers IJast Call.
. Death of Well Known Clergyman.
/BALTIMORE,' Md., Dec. 8. — Rev.
John Lanahan, one of the most widely
known.: ministers of .the. Methodist
Episcopal church and ne^tor of the
Baltimore conference, died to-day, at
his residence in this city, aged SS
years. Rev. ; Mr. )' Lanahan achieved
fame by unearthing the frauds perpe
trated on the Methodist Book- Converri
in New York, during which controver
sy he was arrested and--pa8sed one
night in the Tombs-prison.
PARIS; Dec. 8. — Commissioner,Eis
ter of New York, -accompanied by
Messrs. Beekman, Hyde and Harper,
went to Clermont yesterday to exam
ine Mae Hourde, wife of the porter
before whose lodge* Mr. and Mrs.
Charles L. Fair.wexe killed in an au
¦tofnoblle accident in ' August, 1902.
Neither the porter nor his wife was
willing to give any testimony what
ever, in spite of the promise to do so.
Under the French law they cannot be
compelled to testify and should they
persist in their • refusal the heirs of
Mrs. Fair will lose valuable witnesses,
both pf them having given evidence to
the effect that Mrs. Fair was alive
after her husband's death.
Counsel for Mrs. Fair's heirs were
unable to obtain any explanation of
their reticence, , nor of .any Indication
that they will talk In the future.
UNWILLING TO TESTIFY
IN FAIR WILL CASE
From the very first added years
brought only increased fame and honor
to Herbert Spencer and, long before his
death his high and lasting place among
the great philosophers, of the world was
already assured. / .; '
Ex-President of Railway Passes Away.
CHICAGO, Dec. 8.— Samuel Ruther
ford Alnslie, ex-president of the North
ern Pacific Railroad, died here to-day.
of. the most abstruse portions of V his
"Psychology," the argument for trans
figured realism, was composed, under
these circumstances. Spencer was of
an inventive turn of mind and among
other things Invented during the long
illness of his mother a bed which moved
in any direction at a touch.
CHICAGO. Dec. 8.— Edwin AI. Pot
ter was to-day elected trustee of the
estate of James S. • Watspn, former
president of the defunct Broter Bros.
Company. The trustee's bond -" was
fixed at $25,000. The petition against
Watson was filed several weeks ago.
His debts were said to be about
$1,350,000 and his assets $50,000.
Trustee for Watson's Estate.
SACRAMEXTO, . Dec. 8. — Mrs.
Grove L. Johnson, wife of the former
Congressman from the Second Dis
trict, died at the family home this
evening. Mrs. Johnson was prominent
in social circles here. She. waa the
mother of Attorneys? Albert M. and
Hiram W. Johnson of San Francisco.
Mrs. , Grove L. Johnson Dead.
and all its industries. This turn in the
affairs of the head of the Christian
'-Catholic Church followed a financial
showing made this afternoon which
satisfied all the creditors*, who at once
made a formal motion before Judge
Kohlsaat to have the receivers appoint
ed by the United States District Court
a week ago discharged. As no objec
tion was offered to the motion by the
creditors, Judge Kohlsaat granted the
request j and Receivers Blount and
Courier were discharged. ¦
j While the receivers have been re
lieved from further duty at Zion City,
the bankruptcy proceedings are still
maintained. 1 It is likely, however, that
these will be ; dismissed in a day. or -two
or as soon as the creditors' committee,
appointed Monday, has had an oppor
tunity to report on the advisability of
accepting Dowie's offer of settlement.
This provides for payment of all mer
chandise accounts within one year and
the giving of notes in the meantime
bearing 5 per cent interest. By the
terms of the agreement Dowie has
agreed to pay all the expenses of the
receivership. The retirement of the re
ceivers from Zion City appeared .to
please all parties concerned. Dowie,
who was in court with his representa
tives,. appeared jubilant over theMurn
in his. financial affairs. Attorney Ettle
son, who filed the original petition, said
he was agreeable to a. discharge of the
receivers on terms which shall give his
clients an opportunity to get full pay
ment of. their .'claims. '
CHICAGO, Dec. 8.— John Alexander
Dowie is again in control of Zion City
Dowie 3Iakes Showing: in Court
Which Satisfies the Creditors,
and Receivers Are Dismissed
.. ¦¦;¦ ' -"—7-/:
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich., Dec. 8.—
Without service of warrants and on in
formation by telephone from the Polics
Court, seven of the eight men for whose
arrest warrants were issued last even
ing In connection with ex-City Attor
ney Salsbury's confession of the water
deal conspiracy appeared in court to
day, entere-1 their pleas and supplied
surety as demanded by , the court.
j Judge Haggerty fixed the bond for each
of those charged with conspiracy- at
$2000 and in the perjury cases at from
SJOOO to $5000.
Those , who waived examination and
were held to the next term of the Su
perior Court, which begins on Decem
ber 14, were Charles S. Burch. manager
of the Evening Press; J. Clark Sproat,
manager of the defunct Democrat: Eu
gene D. Conger, "manager of th"e Grand
Rapids Herald, and J. Russell Thomp
son, formerly reporter for the Evening
Press, all charged with conspiracy.
Those charged with perjury and who
demanded in examination were Attor
ney George E. Nichols, Ionia, Mich.,
and Garritt H. Albers, attorney, Grand
Rapids. v
Attorney William F. McKnight,
charged with attempted subornation of
perjury, also demanded a Police Court
examination. His case was set for De
cember 18. Ex-City Clerk Isaac F.
Lamoreaux, who is charged with con
spiracy, is out of town, but has prom
ised to report to the court to-morrow.
The examination of ex-Alderman
Mol wac taken up in Police Court to
day. Salsbury testified that he not only
gave Mol $350 for aiding the water
deal, but also gave him $80 to vote for
him for City Attorney.
Salsbury also said he gave campaign
money to Alderman McCook. Kilney,
Schriver, Ghyzels, Johnson, Beck, Los
ie'r and McLachlan.
"Where did you get this money?"
"From the' Street Railway Company
land the Bell Telephone Company. I
I got the street railway money from,
Sproat and I think he gave me $10,000.
The money from the telephone com
pany came to him through Mayor
Perry." ] T 7 };/ ..
Salsbury also testified that he entered
Into attempted jury bribing when he
was on trial. He sai<i he gave Al«1er
man Mol $150 to pay to a juror named
Myers, who was expected to sit on his
.case. Myers was stricken off the Jury
by the prosecution and he afterward
.returned $75 of the money.
"' Salsbury testified that he gave $75
John Kramer and several hundred
dollars to William D. Pugh for the
¦,same purpose,. buV- tnat *' never
reached the jurors.
Alleged Boodlers in Grand
Rapids Escape Service of War
rants by Coming Into Court
PEACE REIGNS
IN ZION CITY
The party went to New York from
Victoria and Alexander Dunsmuir did
not eat a bite during the trip. He
drank continuously. His condition
was weak. On the trip westward
Dunsmuir did not eat and drank con
tinuously. He was dressed by the wit
ness. The case Is being continued.
VICTORIA, B. C, Dec. 8. — In the
Hopper-Dunsmuir case to-day.. Mrs.
John Dunsmuir, . mother of .James
Dunsmuir, wasmade aplaintiff as- a
party to the case. The evidence of
the San Francisco -commission' was
concluded.'
H: J. Smith, bellboy at the Grand
Hotel, and - Uriah McKee, watchman
of the Occidental Hotel, gave evidence
similar . to previous witnesses of
drunkenness and incapacity of ihe late
Alexander Dunsmuir. .
Louis Glnter of San Francisco told
of the late Alexander Dunsmuir's ex
cessive drinking. , He accompanied
Alexander „ Dunsmuir. to Victoria, in
189S and during that visit met James
Dunsmuir, who told the .witness to
get Alexander Dunsmuir out of town
or he would drink himself, to death.,"*
Mother of the Deceased Man
Is Made Plaintiff as Party
to Contest Now Pending
. In this manner Hays stood up several
Japanese and relieved them of their
money. Then Bradshaw forced Hays to
go to a house in which several Mexi
cans were sleeping, it being his purpose
to rob all of them. In the darkness
Hays escaped from his captor and noti
fied the police. An hour later a patrol
man ?aw Bradshaw on the street, and
v hen he stopped him Bradshaw tried to
draw hl3 revolver, but the officer cov
ered him and after a struggle disarmed
and handcuffed him.
Watching his chance, Bradshaw tried
to secure the policeman's revolver, and
succeeded in drawing it from his pock
et, but a blow with a club felled him
and when he recovered consciousness
he was in a cell. Bradshaw is believed
to b* one of the men who has been"
holding up people in various parts of
Lcs Angeles during the last several
weeks. ¦
LOS ANGELES, Dec. S.— Caught in
the act of robbing. an Inmate of the
•Piedmont rooming-house on East First
street before daylight this morning by
Henry Hays, the night clerk. Charles
Bradshaw. alias Smith, knocked Hays
down, relieved him of his revolver and
then compelled him to complete the Job
of robbery which he had begun.
His first victim was an old soldier
and at its inception Bradshaw's crime
was simply that of robbing a drunken
man, but before he completed his crim
inal work he caused the robbery of sev
eral persons and endeavored to add
murder to the other crimes by attempt
ing to kill a policeman.
After Hays caught him in the act of
robbing the old soldier and was dis
armed by him. Bradshaw took Hays in
tow, and, covering him with his own
weapon, marched him through the
streets for two hours, compelling him
to rob everybody whom they met and
enforcing his orders with the revolver.
ACCUSED MEN
ENTER PLEAS
SACRAMENTO. Dec. 8.— "Oh, I beg
your pardon," said Superior Judge Hart
with biting sarcasm to the Jury in the
case of Convict J. H. Wood to-day
when it returned a verdict of murder
in the second degree, "I thought this
was a, case of disturbing the peace."
Turning to the prisoner, Judge Hart
said: ..*.,. ; I
. "You may appear in this court one
hundred years from' to-day and receive
your sentence." ]
Wood, a life-termer, was one of the ''¦
convicts who murdered Guard William !
Cotter and escaped from Folsom prison
in the break of July 27.
The jury remained out all night and I
returned a verdict of murder In the I
second degree to-day. District Attor
ney Seymour denounced the verdict as
a travesty upon justice and much in
dignant protest has been uttered by
citizens against it. Four men on the j
jury caused the eight others to agree i
upon the verdict. ¦
Special Dispatch to Th« Call
LIQUOR AND LITTLE FOOD
Policeman in Southern 3Ie
tropoiis Meets Criminal Who
Gives Battle Before Arrest
Sacramento District Attorney
Declares ' That * There Has
Been a Travesty Upon Justice
Last year he published; his last book,
"Facts and 'Comments." a collection of
odd t essays and papers on various sub
jects,and which has^had "a wide" sale,
v Spencer's knowledge of literature was
not ' extensive. . Shakespeare" and \ Scott
were "his "favorite \ author's.* ;* He r , had
many warm' friends. '. '.To those of ~ his
youth .In Derby' he always remained
attached^ ,'in London his first associ
ates \ and ' friends were ; Dr. John ' Chap
man,; the" editor and publisher: Marian
Evans;.* whom he 'persuaded to become
a" noveilst;"* and' her^husband, George
Herfry .' Lewes.^: Afterward' 'came "'the
close friendships 'and intimacy with Hux
and 1 iTy'ndatlt and \ Sir,:; Joseph ¦ Hooper,
to all' of : whom' he 1 was most, loyal. = Dr.
jEdward' L.' jouraans ,was the : first and
•'chief 'of a [number ;pf r.entnuslastlc'and
helpful disciples in 1 the United: States. '/;
As early as 1860 Spencer adopted . the
practice ,'of^dictatingVhis- compositions
amanuensis and; kept ;lt '" up to
.the'- iast.'/OftenJ he^v.-ould'', stop in the'
midst of a game, pf , tennis racketsyand
dictate for: ten or fifteen minutes.* { One
Among his other works, "The Study
of Sociology," published in 1873,' went
to. the twenty-first edition Jn. 1894,' and
"The Man, Against the State," pub
lished in 1884, to the fourteenth edition
in 1897.
• Besides his own proper work. Spen
cer published eight parts of the "De
scriptive Sociology," arranged by him
self and compiled by Professor Duncan,
Dr. Scheppig and Mr. Collier. This
work was undertaken simply for the
purpose of providing, himself with ma
terial for the "Principles of Sociology,"
but was eventually published for the
use of others. In part VIII. published
in 1881, the announcement was made
that between 515,000 and 520,000 had
been sunk in the- undertaking and^he
could no longer continue it.
-In 1882 Snencer paid a visit to the
United States and made a notable ad
dress at a banquet ,given in his honor
in New 1 York on the subject of relaxa
tion and rest. In 1883 he was made'a
correspondent of, the French Academy
of Moral and 'Poiiticaf Sciences "for^' the
section' of philosophy, in the room of
Emerson, but declined it, as he' did
other honors tendered him by societies
dnd imiversitics, on, the ground that it
came after the 1 period of struggle, when
it would have been of sbmi? assistance
to him. In 1870, however, . Sir Julius
Haastj the explorer, had naVned a range
of j mountains on" the Vestern v .cyast of
New Zealand after' him', to ; which he
could not well demur.> V" "'
Spencer's works have been e'xtenslve
ly translated :. all of-t,hem into French,
nearly ' all into German , and Russian
and many, into" Spanish and, Italian;
One on education, .published in 1861,
which .went tc- the.thirty-eighth edition
in English in 1898, was , translated \ Into
Hungarian, Bohemian, Polish, 1 Dutch;
Danish, Swedish, Greek, Japanese and
Chinee. . , , ;r ,' . -j, . ; .
..In 18§6 Sponger became an. invalid and
from j that ;,dat^ to , 1891 published , noth
ing.' '*£ hen he resumed work, among
other.. things... completing the "Synthetic'
Philosophy" and publishing an abridged
and , revised edition -of .."Social Statis
tics.'.' He also prepared a revised and
enlarged,' edition of his "Essays" ; ' In
three volumes in 1891.
Abput ten years ago he_.went to re
side, at Brighton, where he devoted his
time, to the revision of. "The Principles
of Biolosy," first. published in 1864. ,.
To the execution of this work his
subsequent life up to 1896 was mainly
devpfe'dT. The worka corjjprising the sys
tem began with "First.PrJnclple.3," pub
lished in ,1862,' which' had /reached .its
tenth edition by 'the time of the com
pletion of the series comprising the
system in 1896.
ity. »In 1855 he published his "Princi
ples of Psychology," which interpreted
the general principles of evolution. In
1857 in ah essay entitled Its
Law and'" Cause," which appeared in
the Westminster Review, he maii
tained for the" first time that evolution
was a universal process, which convic
tion is said to have taken such a deep
root In his mind as«to be the turning
point in his career." When, in 1858/ he
planned - his "Synthetic Philosophy,"
evolution was made the keynote of the
work. (This was four "years before
Darwin's "Origin of Species" ap
pealed.) In it wasMneorporated the
psychology of 1855, and when, in 1896,
after thirty-six years of labor, the
work was finished, that was the idea
that made it, more than anything. else,
a monument to his powers as. an orig
inal and constructive thinker.
Spencer's health broke down in the
latter part of 1855 and for a ypar and
a half his pen was idle, though his
brain was not. When he recovered, he
spent "a good part of his time in writ
ing various essays for quarterly re
views. In 1860 he issued the programme
of -his "System of Synthetic Philos
ophy," which "proposed to carry out in
its application to all orders of phenom
ena the general law of evolution as set
forth in • the ; two essays published in
1S57.'-' 1 ' - '¦ ' : ¦¦¦ ¦ : :
hypothesis of much force and original-
character. Young Herbert was edu
cated along: unconventional: lines by
his father t and his .'. uncle, the .Rev.
Thomas Spencer.- a 'clergyman ; of the
established church, until -he .was 17
years' of age, when he started in the
practical study of civil engineering.
After following . that profession for
so^ne eight years, during which he con
tributed .sound, valuable papers to the
Civil Engineers' and Architects' Jour
nal, a crash in railroad enterprises
turned' his efforts in another direction.
I As early as "1842 he had Written for
the Nonconformist a series of letters on
"The Proper. Sphere of Government,"
which attracted attention to his ability
and opened to him a career as_a writer.
From 1S48 to 1853 he was engaged as
suh-aditor of t.he Economist and during
that time published his first consider
able work r "Social Statics", or the Con
ditions Essential to Human Happi
ness Developed," which foreshadowed
the political -philosophy, of his later
writings. During the same Interval he
also contributed a number of articles
for the. Leader, a. weekly publication
founded' by. Mornton Hunt; the West
minster and other quarterlies. .
In 1S52 Spencer began the : scries of
essays which many critics . resard as
his best work. The third one of, thorn
was an argument for the development
Witnesses in Edna Wallace
Hopper's Suit at Victoria
Repeat Stories of Revelry
OUTLAW COMPELS CRI3IE3
AMPLE TIME FOR FELON
Los Angeles Lodging - House
Clerk the Victim of a Des
perate Night Marauder
RENEW TALES
OF DUNSMUIR
Sacramento Jurist Displeased
With the Result in the
Case of Convict AVood
THREAT MAKES
HIM A BANDIT
Earns High Place
Jimong Thinkers
of World.
Continued From Page 1, Column 7.
GROWERS NEED
C O-OPERATION
PRISONERS
BREAK OUT
OF A JAIL
INQUIRY ENDS
JOB OF AGENT
Employe in the General Land
Office Service in State of
Oregon Is Ordered Suspended
Condition of the Fruit In
dustry Is Discussed at Length
in. Convention at Fresno
IRRIGATION AND PROFIT
Many Delegates From "All
Parts of the State or Cali
fornia Gather for the Session
Four Desperate Criminals Cut
Through the Roof of a
Strncturc in Napa and Two
Fiji lit With Their Pursuers
PKOBIXG OF THE FBAUDS
Government Is Not Entirely
Through With the Investiga
tion of Alleged Conspiracies
V PORTLAND. Or., Dec. 8.— Official ad
vices have been received" nere announc
ing that Secretary Hitchcook of the
Interior Department has suspended
Thomas McNutt. a special agent of the
General Land Office, with headquarters
at La Grande. It is announced that
the action was taken because, of cer
tain Questionable transactions in con-,
nection with McNutt's work in the La
.Grande district. •
McNutt was 'one of the principal wit
nesses for Receiver Asa B. Thomson
in his recent prosecution upon the
charge or soliciting bribes and his ac
tivity in behalf of Thomson was no
ticeable throughout the trial of the
case. , McNutt was appointed from In
diana, less than a year ago and dur
ing most of his official career has been
stationed at La Grande. His suspen
sion by Secretary Hitchcock is said to
be another incident in the probing of
wholesale land frauds In Oregon under
the direction of Inspector Greene of the
Interior Department*
BATTLE AND SHOTS
¦AFTEK THE ESCAPE
One Outlaw Xow at Lib
erty Is Armed With > Kcvol
vor and the Officers May
Havo a Dangerous Conflict
Frccial Disratch to The Call
NAPA. Deo. S.— Four prisoners
confined .In ihe County Jiiil in this city
made a successful break at 6:30 this
evening- The prisoners cut a large
hc!e in the roof of the jail. They passed
through this and let themselves
down to the ground by means of b!an
lcets tied together. The , prisoners are
O. E. Evans* sentenced to-day to serve
a term of ten years in San Quentin
prison for embezzlement; William Wil
son and W. D. O'Mara, recently held
to answer on a charge of burglary, and
Frank Burnham. hold to answer in
Calistoga to-day on a charge of bur
glary.
Sheriff Dunlap. after a hard battle,
captured Wilson and Constable Secord
brought Frank Burnham to halt after
exchanging many shots. The two at
liberty are O'Mara and Evans. Evans
is armed with a revolver and no doubt
will jrive the officers a desperate fight
before allowing himself to be taken.
The arch-conspirators in the break
are supposed to be Wilson and O'Mara.
They are the men who robbed the
Southern Pacific Company's warehouse
at Napa Junction on October 1 and
from appearances are desperate men.
PHYSICIANS DECLARE
MARTINEZ IS SANE
Condemned Man at San Quentln
Prison Examined by. Modical Men
• "and lie Will Be Executed.
SAN QUENTIN, Dec. 8.— As a result
of the investigation of the State Lunacy
Commission into the case" of Julius
Martinez, condemned t to death, but sup
posed to be^ Insane, Drs. Hatch and
Young have decided that the prisoner
is mentally competent. : The doctors ar
rived at the prison to-day and mads a
most thorough examination. Dr. Hatch
gave as his opinion that Martinez was.
not insane, but that his intellectual re
sources were very inferior. Dr. Young
concurred In this opinion/
Martinez con^ihues tc- act 'strangely
and seems totally oblivious of all sur
roundings or his own fate Friday. He
will be executed at 10:30 in. the morn
ing. Warden Tompkins has issued 200
invitations to people wishing to witness
the affair. It will be the first execu
tion under the Tompkins regime. -
MONTANA SENATE* PASSES
THE DISQUALIFICATION BILL
Measure Providing for a Change of
Venue In Civil Courts Is Subjected
to .Slight Amendment. -
HELENA. Mont.. Dec. 8. — The Sen
ate this afternoon passed the House
judicial disqualification bill and, also
the bill providing' for a change of
venue in civil cases. The change of
venue bill was amended in a slight
particular and will therefore have to
po back to the House for concurrence
in the amendment. The disqualifica
tion bill was not amended and prob
ably will go to the Governor for his
signature to-morrow. * .'
The Senate bill providing that the
Supreme Court may review the evi
dence in cases on appeal was -read, in
the Houfc and referred to the Ju
diciary Committee. It will be reported
back to-morrow.
Sp<?c!al Disrate to The Call
FRESNO,- Dec. 8.— The twenty-ninth
I convention cf the California Fruit
i Growers' Association ljegan a four
¦days' session in this city this morning.
! Delegates to the number of 200 are here
j and many more are expected to arrive
I late to-night and to-morrow morning.
Every section of the State from Shasta
County to San Diego is represented and
many of the most- prominent men of the
State are numbered among the visitors.
Horticultural Commissioner. Ellwood
I Cooper called the convention to order
at 10 o'clock and after the Rev. Dr.
Boyd had pronounced the invocation
introduced Mayor L. O. Stephens of
Fresno, who in a felicitous speech wel
comed the visiting delegates on behalf
of the community.
Organization o£ the convention was
then effected, Mr. Cooper maintaining
his position- as chairman and'H. P.
Stabler, A.M. Drew and W. R. Mcln
tosh being elected vice presidents. John
Isaac, clerk of the State Horticultural
Commission, was chosen secretary. "
President Cooper then addressed the
meeting at some length on the topics
to come before the convention. He said
the* convention was to discuss the sell
ing of fruits, methods of transportation
and insect pests. He advocated co-op
eration among the growers as a meana
of obtaining better prices. He said that
the citrus fruit industry and the grow-,
ing <jf wine grapes and prunes are not
promising at present. Deciduous fruits
had paid well during the season Just
past, but he believed that tree\ planting
sh'ju'U be. discouraged.
Mr. Cooper spoke of irrigation as a
matter <jf extreme importance to the
people of California and in connection
with it mentioned the drainage experi- !
ments on alkali land being conducted at I
present in Fresno County, saying- thai j
fruit growers in every section of' the i
State are watching the experiments •
with Interest. I
Following' the address of President
Cooper John Tuohy of Tulare read a
long pi-per on "The Farmer as a Tax
paye'r." This paper Was of absorbing
interest to the growers and' started a
spirited discussion, many suggestions
being made as to changing the tax'sys
tem to rfheve the farmers of part of
»helr lurden. ~\\\T-
The af'ernoon session opened with
th." appointing of standing committees
for the convention. The firsfpaper.was
by Edward Berwick of Pacific Grove, on
"What the Postofflce Might Do for the
Farmer." A paper on "Transportation"
by Russ E. Stephens of Sacramento
followed that of Mr. Berwick and the
rest of the afternoon session was spent
in dii-cuFsing it. The attendance at the
afternoon session was good and mucrh
interest wjs shown in the proceedings.
'- To-night there were two interesting
papers; one waj *>y Lieutenant Govt_r-
Twr-Alden- Anderson on "Marktitintj
Fruits.." Mr. Anderson was not here In
person and his paper, was read by th^
proficient. The other was by M. Theo.
Kearney, ex-president of the California
Kaisln Growers* Association, on •"Co
operation."- Mr. Kearney has always
favored co-operative; packing houses
and a central distributing agency for
the handling of raisins, and his topic
to-night was of peculiarly local inter
est and was freely, discussed.
Governor Pardee arrived to-night and
v.-ili addiess the convention to-morrow.
CONTRABAND CHINESE
CAUGHT ON A SLOOP
United States Revenue ' Tug ¦ Arcata
Makes Important -Capture "of
.•Smugglers on the bound.
PORT TOWNSEND. Wash.. Dec.«8.-
The United S'ates revenue tug Arcata.
Captain Hamlet, to-day made cne of
the most important captures of-- the;
year when it overhauled a sloop with
five contraband Chinese and two white
m*>n on board. One of the white men is
the notorious Wilkee, -one of the most
troublesome Chinese smugglers in the
Northwest. The prisoners were jailfd
here and the ieloop is guarded by a de
tail of men from the Arcata.
Effort Will Be. Made to Improve ."the
WOMEN OF SAN JOSE
START INDUSTRIAL HOME
Condition of the Unfortunate Peo
ple in the Garden City.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 8.— Beth-Adriel, the
California Non-Sectarian Industrial
Home for Women, is the' title of a new
corporation whose papers were filed in
the Clerk's office to-day. It is a volun
tary benevolent association whose pur
pose is to protect, assist and reform un
fortunate women and especially those
who have been released after serving
terms in any prison. They will also
give shelter and aid to destitute women
and children. '
The directors and officers, all well
known local people, are '.the Rev. J. N.
Crawford, president; Mary W. Jacobs,
financial secretary; Fannie J. Griffith,,
corresponding secretary; Jane A. Rem
ington, Anna B. Caton, Florence Rob
erts, Rebecca French, Mary J. Bailey,
Mary Edwards, Cynthia' L. , Swan,
Spencer P. Sitton. _, ,..,.. ._
Young: Iia borer Killed by Train.
WINNEMUCCA.-— Nev., Dee. 8.-F.
Bachle. aged 19 years, whose home is in
Los Banos, Ca,!.," was run over and fa-'
tally injured at Beowawe, last night.;
He was between two cars of a work'
train on-.wiiich he-was. employed -as* a
laborer, when he was knocked down,
falling across the rails. ¦- ills. ;wounds
were dressed and he was placed on a
train to be'scnt to the hospital in San
Francisco, but he died before reaching,
this point. - „•¦
TRACKWALKER FINDS
» V BODY OF TRAIN'S VICTIM
MARRIAGE IS HURRIED IN NEVADA
MERCED. Dec. 8. — John Bennett,
art offl and wealthy rancher, living fif
teen miles southeast of Merced, was
killed last night or this morning by
a Santa Ee train.;, j ¦.-.;:.. ; : .. .
Bennett was coming to town to at
tend the funeral- of r a relative to-day.
He was driving "a single horse to an
open buggy.' A mile and a half south
of . Merced the road; crosses the Santa
Fe track and' at that -point the acci
dent happened, i, The body .was "badly
tnotilated. --Tiie buggy was r demolish
ed and, the'horse was not found at all.
Neither of the northbound .trains re
ported the accident, at this station, so
it .is not known. ...whether Bennett's
death, was caused '¦ by the limited,
which passes here at 6:24 p. m., or by
the Bakersfield-San Francisco local,
which passes Merced at 3:20 .a. . m.
Bennett's body Was discovered by
Trackwalker Higgins at 7:30 this
morning.
SHIPMENT OF LUMBER
SHOWS A FALLING OFF
Cnnmlinn Pacific Railwny Ships Empty
Cars, Although There Wns.nn Im
mense Demand .Months Ago.
VANCOUVER, B. . C, Dec. 8.—Lum
and shingle shipments from Vancouver
to the Northwest' and Manitoba have
fallen off to such an extent that' the
Canadian Pacific Railway i3 now ship
ping empty cars back- to '• the. territo
ries, although several months ago xho
local mill men could not' obtain suffi
cient cars. During the past three
months the exportation of lumber, to
the ' Northwest has been gradually
dropping off.
In regard to the lumber situation in
the interior of British Columbia the
outlook at 'present indicates that the
supply next season will far' exceed the
demand and the lumber men of East
Kootenay are preparing to curtail the
Output. Wages'^ have already been re
duced 12% per cent and another cut is
contemplated.
RANCHER FINDS GOLD
WHEN DIGGING A WELL
31qrgan Hill, in Santa Clara County,
Excited Over 1^ Report That Pre-
clous Metal Seams the Soil.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 8.— Reports from
Morgan Hill say that gold has been
discovered- there in paying quantities^
According to the story Charles Seavey;
a' rancher, living' half a mile" "west of
the dep«t, made the; discovery' ,'whilq
digging a well. When down thirty; feet
he is said to have struck a peculiar
looking rock which' contained mineral!
Samples wer? sent to San Francisco for
assay and the report comes that'. the
rock contains gold worth from $5to."J25
to the t6n. < .'¦¦'- \~. ' .'¦ - ¦
Seavey is a- Grand Army man and
well known in the county. Morgan Hill
is excited over the report.
British Cruiser; Flora ' Doomed. •
VICTORIA, B. C, Dec 8.— The
British cruiser Flora Js still fast on the
rocks, to-day's attempt to haul her oft
having, failed. The tides are now fall
ing with each .succeeding day, - and un
less the - 4 attempts ; to pull', the .cruiser
into deep water, are soon successful she
will probably be pounded to pieces by
the winter storms. .* r ; n ; . . •
Continued From Pago 1, Column 6.
Eventually La Montagne and his wife
went to Paris, and the first intima
tion their friends in Newport had of
any disagreement between them was
when the husband unexpectedly return
ed from abroad without his wife. Sev
eral weeks later she reappeared in New
York and their troubles were evidently
patched ui>."for a while, for suddenly
they reopened their home and renewed
their previous custom of lavish enter
tainment. Some months after, how
ever, Mrs. La Mcmtagne confided to- her
friends that there had been another and
more serious disagreement and she
said that it was her purpose to pay a
hurried visit to her relatives ¦ In this
city and then return to Newport with
a view of establishing a residence there
for the pur}>ose of securing a divorce.
The next heard of the wife was In
April of ¦ this year in : connection • with
an announcement from Napa to the et
feet that Rhe had secured a divorce
there on the ground of desertion. .
Since then, Mrs. La.Montagne, with
her young son, the custody of whom
the court' gave her? has devoted a great
deal of ' time traveling, visiting San
Francisco occasionally to see her rela
tives.
Maude is well known in this city,
which he visits several' times a month
onbuslnessjjn connection .with his min T
inc. Interests in Nevada! "
To Cure ; a Cold in One Day.
Take'- Laxative "¦ Bromo'' Quinine Tablets. ¦ .\'aH
drurif Ieis refund the . money If It - tails .to' cure;
JC ,W. Grove's f l»n»lur« U on each box. 25c *
SPEyCER, AUTHOR'-AMp SCIENTIST,
• SINKS INTO A PAINLESS DEATH
VERDICT STIRS
JUDICIAL IRE
THE SAN FRANGISCO-GALU WEDNESDAY. .DECEMBER: I)/ 1903,
; Father Fulham Dies From Injuries. •
.: ' OTTA WA^Ont. ," Dec.* Ful
ham,'. the' priest who Lwals Injured i'n^the
Ottawa University fire [on ."Wednesday
las V died ; to-day. __^
; JOHNSTOWN,- Pa^, Dec. 8.-— George
S. King, ¦ founder , of ",the ' Cambria Iron
Works, I now ' the • great Cambria Steel
Company, died to-day in' his * ninety
fifth • year. ii$NBs&&£BB&BBffiS& ¦ • - '
Dies in His Ninety-fifth Year.
2
DR. SHOOP'S REMEDIES.
Dr. Shoop's
Rheumatic Cure
Costs Nothing if It Fails.
Any honest person who suffers from Rheu-
matism Is welcome to this offer. For years I
searched everywhere to find a specific for Rheu-
matism. For nearly 20 years I worked to this
end. At last. In Germany, my search was re-
warded. I found a costly chemical that did cot
disappoint me as other Rheumatic, prescriptions
had disappointed physicians everywhere.
I do not mean that Dr. Shoop's Rheumatla
Cure can turn bony joints into flesh again. That
is Impossible. But it will drive from th« blood
the poison that causes pain and swelling, and
then that Is the end of Rheumatism. I know
this so well that I will furnish for a full month
my Rheumatic Cure on trial. I cannot cure all
cases within a month. It would be unreason-
able to expect that. But most cases will, yield
within 30 days. This trial treatment will con-
vince you that Dr. Shoop's Rheumatic Cure- Js
a power against Rheutr.atJsm— a potent forca
against disease that Is irresistible.
My offer is made to convince you of my faith.
My faith i» but the outcome of experience — of
actual knowled»». ,1 know what it can do. And
I know this so well that I will furnish my rem-
edy on trial. Simply wrtte me a postal for my
book on Rheumatism. I will then arrange with
a druggist In your vicinity so that you can se-
cure six bottles of Dr. Shoop's Rheumatio Cure
to make the test. Tou make take it a full month
on trial. If It succeeds the cost to yon is & 60.
If it falls the losa is mine and mine alone. It
will be left entirely to you. I mean that »\--
actly. If you say the trial Is not satisfactory I
don't expect a penny from yon.
I have no samples.' Any mere sample flit
can affect chronic Rheumatism must be drugged
to the verge of danger. I use no such drugs,
for It Is dangerous to take* them. Tou must get
the disease out of the blood. My remedy does
that even in the most difficult, obstinate eases.
It has cured the eldest cases that I ever met. .
and in all of my experience. Jn all of my 2000
tests, I never found another remedy that would
cure one chronic case in ten.
¦Write me and I will aend you the book. Try
my remedy for a month, for it can't barm you
anyway. If It falls the loss Is mine.
Address Dr." Shoop. Box 630. Racine. Wls.
MIM cases not chronic are often cured by one
cr two bottles. At all druggists.
TmTTOTJCC-' FDR B ARBER3, BA-
ljK U OXl£lO k* 1^ boo'DUuaw bath.
U11UUHUU houses, billiard tablM.
brewers bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
dyeis flour mills foundries, laundries, paper-
ningers. printers, painters, shoe factorl**.
•tablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BTJCXASAir BBOS.,
Brash Maaulactareri. 600 Sacramento St.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mallei ,
_, , on Application.,. c „ ,
¦ - . . rBESX A1TD ' SALT : MS ATS. iv » "^
'115 BrtYF^ S TO' Shipptoic Butchers. '104
JAj. PUIEj g VU. Clay.- T«l.. Main 1204.
,'.¦' OILS. } . :¦ ,
LCBRlCATUtG OILS? LEONARD^ * EtXIS.
418 Front it.. S. F. Phon« Main 1719.
E. C. BU6BE& . v itftfSS£{£
JNO. . J^FULTON CO.
Noted Physician
In Galifornia
Dr. Emily Noble, noted English
physician and lecturer, is again in
California, on her way to London.
She has been to India, instructing In-
dian physicians in the use of new ac-
tinic rays. According 'to the New
, York Herald, part of her long sojourn*
in that country, was due. to the de-
mand for her professional services
among the high castes. She is now
in Los Angeles for a period, and
stopped but briefly in San Francisco,
but while here she found time to
write the following note:
J. J. Fulton Co.:
Dear flr»— I atn intently interested lp your
new discovery lor PUh«>tes. A personal friend
Ca »••»!! -known rteanirhlp captain) he« b*«n
oured of the wonrt eaee of Sugar IHabetec that
I have ever known of, and this after all else
had failed. «tc. «tc.
An acquaintance was made with the
Doctor and information as to the dis-
covery ar.d the nature of the treat-
ment for Bright's Disease and Dia-
betes was supplied. She stated that
there were a number of high castes in
urgent need of the new specifics and
.regretted that she did not know of
them while in India.
It is usually hard to convince phv-
sicians that Bright's Disease and Dia-
betes are curable, but the captain Dr.
Noble refers to was in command of
the steamer she came in on, and she
heard from his own lips the>full de-
tails of his remarkable recovery, and,
being broad and "progressive, she
posted herself fully during her short
stay in this city.
We again-proclaim to the world the
curability of Chronic Bright's Disease
and Diabetes by the Fulton" Com- . i
pounds in nearly, nine-tenths of all j
cates. Jno. J. Fulton Co., 469 Wash- !
ingion St.,. San Francisco, sole com-'
obuhders. Send for literature. ' '
Dyspepsia
- Don't think you can cure yoar dyspepsia
In [any other way than by strengthening
and toning your stomach.
- That Is weak and incapable of performing
its functions, probably because you have
imposed upon It in one way or another orer
landoTeragaln.':'- ¦
You should take
Hood ? sSarsaparilla
It strengthens and tones the stomach,
and permanently cares dyspepsia and rail
jtomach troubles."' Accept oo substitute. &DES MOINES. la.. Dec. ' 8. — The ' Iowa So
ciety • for ' Suporesslon ." of ' Disease and ¦ Degen
eracy ; has : prepared ' a ; bill ¦ to . be Introduced - In
the .coming Assembly^ providing ¦ for a .phy
sician's of- examination - before a
.marriage license : can 1 be; issued.' 'v ¦ -. .
Sentenced to 1000 Years in Prison.
HOUSTON, Tex.. Dec. 8.— In the
District Court to-day Allen Brown, 'a
negro, convicted of attempted assault,
was sentenced to 100<T years in the
penitentiary.. Under the law the 'Jury
could not impose a death sentence. 1 At
the time of his arrest Brown narrowly
escaped being" lynched. '
% CHICAGO. Dec. 8.— The sudden
death of Mrs. Emma Murray,' wife of
Henry T. Murray, a well known local
politician, has resulted in » an Inyesti
gatibn. 'According to' a note written
by Murray. 'his wlfewas murdered by
thieves. Another report of the death
to the Coroner gave , apoplexy as the
cause:
Mystery! Cloaks Woman's Death.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 8.— The House
to-day authorized- the Committee on
Postoffices and Post Roads to request
the Postmaster 'General to supply, th^
committee with' papers In connection
,wlth j the; recent investigation of the
Postofflce Department.' It was explain
ed by Overstreet, chairman of the.com
mittee, 1 that the purpose was to supply
the committee', with ; information 'essen-.
tial to, the proper consideration 'of ap
propriation bills.; The minority: made
an -unsuccessful ... effort to "amend ; the
resolution so as to • orovide that the
House request ! the Postmaster' General
for papers and evidence touching oh the
Investigation.": , '
:^The House , instructed ' the ~ Judiciary
Committee ;to 2 make inquiry and "report
whether the ; Isle of Pines Iwaa conceded
to ' Cuba "without • the concurrent action
of ; the House , and Senate. " \
Committee Authorized to. Ask for the
.. Necessary Papers. . '
POSTAL INQUIRY IX HOUSE.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 8.^-The sec
ond annual meeting: of the trustees
of the Carnegie Institute was held
here to-day. Andrew Carnegie and
Professor Agassiz of Cambridge, pres
ident of the National Academy of Sci
ences, and Judge William W. Morrow
of San Francisco, one of the trustees,
were present. Carnegie made a brief
address, in which he commended the
work already done and talked gener
ally of the aims of the Institution. The
report of the year showed sixty-six
grants made by the executive commit
tee for scientific research, involving
an aggregate of $150,000,- and recipi
ents representing every .part of the
United States and the smaller colleges,
as well as the- large universities, ob
servatories and laboratories. J
The first session was devoted to a
discussion of several large projects,
which were stated to be worthy of lib
eral support. They included:: Solar
observatory, Southern observatory, es
tablishment of a geographical labora
tory, trans-Caspian exploration and
'archaeological excavation, explora
tion in" the South Pacific Ocean,
establishment of biological ' r ex
periment laboratories and internation
al magnetic researches. As > the
amount required for all' these would
far exceed the" resources, a careful se
lection was necessary. No conclusion
was announced. .
Founder of the Institution Makes a
Brief Address and Commends
•*: the Work Already Done.
TRUSTEES OF CARXEGIE
'INSTITUTE HOLD MEETING
FREEHOLD N. J., Dec. 8.— At Clarksburg
Mr and Mrs Clayton Fowler and thiee of their
children were burned to death to-day In a
fire that destroyed their residence.
DOVER, Del.. Dec. S. — An epidemic
of emallpox prevails at Woodland, a
town near Seaford. Del. Out of a pop
ulation of about 100 persons there are
twenty-five cases of the disease. The
town is quarantined.
SmaIIr>ox in Delaware Town.
California — Charley A. Borlne and L-. P.
Dealmone;, Oakland, automatic cut out; Quince
Crane, San Diego, waffle iron ; Aaron H.
Emigh, Santa Barbara, cooling board; Axel V.
Knqulat, San Francisco, convertible hinge;
Robert W. Je6sup, assignor to Spiral Belt Sep
arator Company, San Francisco, separator;
Gustave .A.. Krohn. coarse gold pumping en
gine ; ' same. Interehangable cylinder pump;
William T. McNarry, San -Jose, bicycle lock;
Ambrose A. . Oeborn. assignor to California
Cereal Company San Francisco, manufacture
of starch; Carl It. Schalltz. San Francisco,
racking buns: same, means for colling, pipes;
Wilbur C. Trowbridge, San Francisco, re
flector attachment for ovens; Orra A. Turner,
Los Angeles, assignor to Wood and Iron Pre
serving Company, structural element and pro
ducing same.
¦'.. Oregon— Samuel Farmer, assignor to A. -F.
Flegel, - Portland, stamp - affixing machine;
Joseph F. Henner. Halnes, feeder for; thresh
ing machines. '-•'• ¦ ' - -
Washington— Thomas P. Roy. Seattle, uni
versal squares; Nathaniel B. Stone. Outlook,
vehicle dash brace; same, puzzle; William H.
Tully.-'Wllbut,^ buggy top support.
Army orders— The following board
will meet at the Presidio of San Fran
cisco for the examination of candi
dates for admission to the army med
ical corps: Lieutenant Colonel George
H. Torney, deputy surgeon general;
Major (Louis Brechemin, surgeon; Ma
jor William Stephenson, surgeon, and
Captain James M. Kennedy, assistant
surgeon.
Navy orders — Lieutenant J. A.
Schoneld is detached from the Adams
to go home, on leav% of one month
and there wait orders. Ensign C. T.
Wade and Midshipman , L. H. Lacy
go to the Bennlnjrton.
The following patents were issued to
day:/.;^ :.vf -¦' * ,
WASHINGTON. Dec. 8. — Postoffice
established: California — Carlotta,
Humboldt County, Byron P. Miller,
postmaster! Postoffices to be discon
tinued December 1 4 :\ California — Saw
yers, Mendoclno County, mall goes to
Hearst. Washington — Roxwell. Clark
County, mail goes to Herklnson.
Postmasters commissioned: Califor
nia — John F. Gaines, Cholame; John
W. Newby, Moorpark.
Fourth class postmaster appointed:
Washington — J. B. Furby, Almlfa,
Lincoln County, vice James J. Mc-
Cleary. resigned.
Several changes Arc Made In Postal
Service and Medical Examining
Board for Presidio Is Named.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OP THE PACIFIC COAST
WASHINGTON, Dec. 8.— The fol
lowing Californians registered at the
hotels to-day: At the New Willard—
W P Durham and Dr. Vickers of Los
Angeles. At the Ebbitt— W. H. Stan
ford of San Francisco.
Callfornians in Washington.
SAN JOSE. Dee. 8.— The will of George M.
Bowman, the banker, who died last week,
was' Hied for probate this afternoon. By its
terms all . the estate, valued at $175,000. is
left to the widow, who is named A9 executrix.
WASHINGTON*. Dec." 8. — The annual re
port of the Indian Inspector for Indian Ter
ritory »ays that the five civilized tribes la
the Indian Territory. Including Indians and
freedmen. number 84.000 persons, who hol4
more than lt>.eOO.COO acres of laud.
PARIS. Dec. 8. — William J. Bryan
visited the Chamber of Deputies and
Senate to-day, comparing French par
liamentary methods with those of the
United States Congress. He was ac
companied to the Senate by Senator
Clemenceau, who introduced .him to
Premier Combes. Bryan had a long
talk with Combes, the latter manifest
ing interest'in American economic and
political affairs.
Bryan Visits the French Senate.
Xamcs ; Presented by President Are
Acted Upon and Arthur G. *"isk
Becomes Postmaster.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 8. — The Sen
ate to-day in executive session con
firmed the following nominations of
postmasters:
California — Arthur G. Fisk. San
Francisco:* John Adams, Santa Maria;
Mary S. Rutherford, Truckee.
UX1TED STATES SENATE
COXFIRMS THE NOMINATIONS
The bill does not apply the coasting
laws in their entirety to trade between
the Philippines and the United States,
as was done in the cases of Alaska,
Hawaii and Porto Rico, but simply re
stricts the transportation of freight and
passengers to American vessels.
Frye also introduced a bill to remove
discrimination against American sail
ing vessels in the coasting trade by pro
viding for the licensing of pilots for
terms of five years when applicant has
been found competent and trustworthy.
Representative Gillette of Massachu
setts introduced a bill to-day to "pro
tect anti-gambling laws from nullifi
cation by interstate gambling by tele
graph."
Representative Hepburn to-day rem
troduced the pure food bill, embodying
the resolutions of the National Pure
Food Congress. No Important changes
¦were made in the bill.
SCOPE OF THE MEASURE.
(senator Frye to-day introduced a bill
to regulate commerce between the
United States and th Philippine archi
pelagc, providing that on and after
July 1, 1904, under the penalty of for
feiture, no merchandise shall v be trans
ported by sea or any passengers car
ried between ports of the United States
and ports and places in the Philippine
archipelago in any other than vessels
sailing under the flag of the United
States.
Senator Nelson also introduced a bill
to authorize national banking associa
tions to make loans on real estate se
curity. The bill provides that any na
tional banking association In a place
of not more than 20,000 population may
loan monev not. exceeding in the ag
gregate one-third of its paid up capital
and surplus upon real estate security,
such loans not to exceed in any case
one-third of the real cash value of the
security.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 8.— Senator
Nelson to-day Introduced a bill almost
identical with the Aldrich financial bill
introduced in the Fifty-seventh Con
gress, in so far as It provides for the
increasing of circulating notes of na
tional bank associations. It provides
that the Treasurer of the United States
may receive as deposits, In addition to
the United States bonds required to be
deposited under existing laws, bonds or
interest bearing obligations of any
State, county or city or railroad com
pany under the same conditions exact
ed in the Aldrich bill. (
Provision is made that the banking
associations shall be entitled to receive
circulating notes in amount equal to
the par value of such bonds or interest
bearing obligations, provided that the
total amount of circulating notes issued
shall not exceed at any time the
amount of capital stock actually paid
in. This provision does not, however,
repeal or modify the requirement that
additional deposits of bonds or lawful
money shall be made In case the mar
ket value of the bonds* or obligations
shall fall below their par value.
LOANS OX REAL ESTATE.
Teller said it was not true that the
bill would reduce the price of sugar. He
declared that the sugar trust would se
cure the benefits of the bill, although It
is said it was Intended to aid Cuba.
The powers behind :the 'bill were the
owners of 80.000,000 acres of sugar lands
in Cuba, owned by American citizens,
besfdes the hundreds of millions of dol
lars of the sugar trust.
•Teller said General Wood two years
ago had sent circulars to Senators urg
ing the passage of the th,en . pending
Cuban bill, an act that would have re
sulted"in the cashiering • of any other
officer. General Wood had sent out cir
culars, he said, early in September,
1391, to alcaldes and other municipal
officers in Cuba,, urging them to pre
pare demands on the United States for
a reduction of the duty on sugar and
tobacco.
. GORMAX ENTERS OBJECTION*.
Gorman objected to the reference of
the Penrose resolution to the Committee
on Postoffices, saying that he could not
see why Lodge or any one else "should
desire to stifle the investigation." The
President had called attention to the
Irregularities In the department, saying
that the frauds perpetrated in the past
ten. years had been greater than in the
past two centuries. This declaration
he characterized as "sweeping and hor
rible," and he declared that no Senator
could afford to stand in the way of an
Investigation in which the minority
party could participate. The money
taken, he said, had been fillched from
the pockets of the common peopled The
corruption had been so great that it
had bubbled ui> to the surface, and this
had occurred "because the thieves had
quarreled among themselves over the
plunder." Vv r
"I assert here as a Senator," he
went on, "that there is evidence in
writing that there were frauds perpe
trated by a high official, who was al
lowed to escape entirely. We want
facts.. The country Is not satisfied
with the thoroughness of the inquiry
and wants the books laid open for in
spection in order that the entire truth
may be known. We want to aid the
President in turning the rascals out,
as we have no doubt that he desires to
do, and for these reasons we hope that
the inquiry will be undertaken."
LODGE REPLIES TO GORMANV-
Lodge said thatl if hie had" needed
any further assurance of the correct
ness of his position that the resolution
should be referred, the speech made
by Gorman had supplied it. He
charged Gorman with incorrectly
quoting the President and said that
the portion of the President's, message
to which reference had been 'made ap
plied to the frauds in St. Louis and not
to the postal frauds.
"The Setiator from Maryland for
gets," he said, "that Congress has
twice investigated that portion of the
postal service found to be most at
fault. Both the Senate and House
have made Inquiries, under the eyes of
friends of the Senator, and both gave
the department a clean bill of .Jiealth.
As a matter of fact, there is nothing
i more clumsy than a Congressional in
quiry, and the results of the depart
ment's inquiry, made under the direc
tion'of the President, illustrate the
gjeat advantage the department, with
Its numerous detectives, enjoys over
any Congressional committee in this
respect."
TELLER ATTACKS CUBAN BILL.
When the investigation resolution
was laid aside and the Cuban reciproc
ity bill taken up, Teller-opened the de.
bate In behalf of the opposition, first
taking up the question of constitution
ality of the methods of legislation un
dertaken by the measure. He spoke of
the possibility of executive encroach
ment, saying that if the Senate was to
be shorn of. its power It. would not be
by the House of Representatives or by
any legal instrument,- but In obedience
to the demands of the executive for a
cowardly abdication.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 8.— The recent
investigation into frauds in the Post
office Department was the basis of a
sharp tilt in the Senate to-day by Gor
man and Lodge. The discussion arose
over a motion by Lodge to refer to the
Committee on Postoffices the resolution
Introduced by Penrose looking ~to a
Senate Investigation into the conditions
in the department. Gorman Intimated
that the investigation by the depart
ment^had been partisan In character
and said that counter charges had been
made against the men who had made
it. Lodge defended \ the department's
work and declared it was far more
thorough than a Congressional Investi
gation would be. The resolution went
over Without action.
Teller made a speech in opposition to
the Cuban bill. He severely criticized
General Wood and declared the bill
was' in the Interest of the -sugar trust.
Clapp spoke briefly, holding that the
Senate had absolute power in making
treaties.
"One well-recognized weakness, how
ever, has been strongly emphasized—
our currency system Is nbnelastlc. It
does not respond to the varying needs
of seasons, or of localities, or of
changing conditions of business. This
admitted defect should be remedied.
But in remedying it no measure should
be considered that will In . anywise
weaken that which is now stable, and
no element should be injected that will
cause distrust or doubt.. Fortunately,
at the present time no recipient of any
of our several forms of money stops to
examine its character. It Is all known
to hf- as good as gold, for the credit of
the Government is pledged to maintain
its parity with gold. No act should be
passed authorizing the issuance of
anything less safe and secure."
Speaking of the subsidiary coinage,
Secretary Shaw says:
"There is* now available for coinage
Into subsidiary coin less than 5,000,000
ounces of silver. This will be exhausted
approximately at the close of the cur
rent fiscal year. Authority should be
given to recoln existing silver dollars
into subsidiary coin, or to purchase ad
ditional silver with which to supply
the ever-Increasing needs of the coun
try. The Dresent volume of silver
stored in the vaults of the Treasury is
equivalent to nearly 500 carloads of
thirty tons each. It would cost $100,000
to recount it. This enormous .amount
Is worth In bullion less than half of its
coinage value, but it is 'all redeemable,
at the discretion of the Secretary of
the Treasury, In gold." Manifestly it
must always be stored or other uses
provided. Whether it be wiser to con
tinue this burden and purchase addi
tional bullion for subsidiary coinage,
or to authorize the conversion of a por
tion of these dollars Into more avail
able forms of money, is for Congress
to determine. In any event, some pro
vision should be made for an Increase
of subsidiary coin."
"Our currency system," says the Sec
retary of the Treasury, "has been sub
jected durinz the year to some very
severe tests. Unprecedented prosperity
encouraged the natural optimism of our
people to such an extent that property
of all kinds found ready and eager buy
ers at figures phenomenally high. A
condition therefore existed which of
necessity could not last. Within a
year the market value of stocks* and
bonds, the proper and legitimate hold
ings of the people, has depreciated in
an amount estimated far. in excess of
the cost of four years' devastating civil
war. Yet notwithstanding this enor
mous and inconceivable Shrinkage, It
has not affected in noticeable, degree
other classes of property. Banking in
stitutions have exhibited no -suggestion
of- weakness, few business failures have
occurred, there has been but a flight
curtailment in commercial enterprises,
very little apparent hardship and abso
lutely no fear of any depreciation in
any form of currency. To all appear
ances the crisis is passed. There now
exists scant reason for apprehension —
certainly no occasion for alarm.
"By the provision of a very wise act
of Congress approved March 14, 1900,
it was made the # duty ef the Secretary
of the Treasury to redeem United
States notes and treasury notes in gold
on demand, and to maintain all forms
of money issued or coined by the Gov
ernment at a parity of value. Evident
ly the people have understood, as they
are justified in doing, that this statute
authorizes the redemption of silver and
silver certificates in gold whenever nec
essary for the maintenance of parity.
Nothing short of this assurance would
have carried us through the period to
which I have referred. [
CALL, BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
W.. WASHINGTON. Dec. 8.— In his
annual report Secretary of the Treas
ury Shaw speaks optimistically of the
financial condition or the country,
which, he says, has passed the crisis
which in the last year caused a shrink
age cf the market value of stocks and
bonds.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 8.— To nullify
attempts of cattle companies and oth
ers to obtain public lands in violation
of the law, the Secretary of the Inte
rior to-day overruled former decisions
of the department that widows or mi
nor orphans of soldiers or sailors do
not have to reside on the land on which
they make homestead entry. The de
cision, which affects a large number of
cases, and which has an Important
bearing on the public land frauds, is
made in the case of Mrs. Anne Bowes,
who made an entry on land in the Bro
ken Bow district In Nebraska. Mrs.
Bowes claimed the right of entry as
the widow of a sailor In the Civil War.
under a section of the Revised Statutes
which allows such dependents to make
homestead entries with credit for the
time of the soldier's or sailor's military
or naval service. It was admitted this
case was made under an agreement
with the Standard Cattle Company,
whereby Mrs.- Bowes, at the time of the
entry, leased the land to the company,
with the further agreement that the
company should have the option of pur
chasing the land. -The department de
cides that Mrs. Bowes Is required to
maintain residence on the land and that
her agreement with the company In
validated the entry and requires its
cancellation.
*** Mrs. Georgi. daughter of his boyhood
friends, took their place in looking
after his old age as they had done for
him In youth, and on his deathbed, un
able to make a will, he called witnesses
and verbally left her his estate.
NEW YORK. Dec. 8.— Gilt-edged se
curities with a market value of J7S3,-
C00 have been taken from a safety de
posit box by attorneys for the heirs of
Maximilian Hershel. an aged recluse
and former member of the New York
Stock Exchange, who died in St. Luke a
Hospital last July. Ninety-three addi
tional bonds bring the value of the
hoard up to $330,000.
Just before 'he died Hershel an
nounced in the presence of witnesses
that he wished all his property to be
turned over to Mrs. William Georgi of
Brooklyn, daughter of a couple who
had befriended him In his youth aud
who had made his declining years com
fortable by numerous attentions, not
knowing of his great wealth.
Mrs. Georgi attended him In his dying
moments, little dreaming that she was
heiress to Jl.OOO.OOO. Four relatives of
the old man were living in Germany, it
was found, and Mrs. Georgi declared
that the property should be equally di
vided, so far as she was concerned. At
torneys for both interests arranged this
and the escate will be divided at the
end of six months into five equal parts.
The heirs living in Germany were un
known to Hershel. They wera found
through advertising, but have proved
their relationship and Mrs. Georgi
evinced no desire to keep them from
sharing her good fortune.
Some delay was experienced In secur
ing permission to open the safety de
posit boxes held in Hershel's name.
Hershel emigrated from Germany
forty years ago. On the steamer he
met Mrs. Georgi's parents. They had
just married and were seeking a home
in America. The three became great
friends, the young German being aided
by the couple to the best of their lim
ited means. Arriving here, Hershel en
gaged in the tobacco trade and rapidly
achieved success. Then he Joined the
Stock Exchange and continued to
amass money, but none thought he was
wealthy when he retired from the
street several years ago and became a
I recluse. -*'¦:¦; *?«""*•
• General Wilson told the com
mittee of the meeting with Cap
tain E. G. Bellairs in Havana, say
ing that he became convinced that Bel
lairs came to Havana for the nurpose
of \villfully falsifying conditions on the
island; that Bellairs called on him at
his headquarters in the province of Ma
tanzas. and that he (General .Wilson)
then accused BeUairs of writing dis
patches vhlch gave a wrong color to
affairs on the Island and Injured the
work cf General Brooke and others.
The witness said that Bellairs ad
mitted that he was standing by his
friends, declaring that his position was
a necessary one. General Wilson said
the remark could have but one mean
ing, and that was that he was backing
General Wcod, and that-this was evi
dent from the nature of Bellairs' dis
patches. ' %'-.-%/. :"1 ¦'¦'-¦
CALL. BUREAU, 1406 G STREET,
N.-.W., WASHINGTON. Dec. 8.—Gen
eral James H. Wilson, U. S. A., "retired;
was the most important witness before
the Senate Committee on .Military Af
fairs to-day. He greatly encouraged
General Wood's enemies and is said to
have shown considerable bitterness in
giving his testimony, and in response
to. questions plainly indicated that he"
regarded General Wood's promotion as
one of preferment and not warranted
by meritorious service.
A large part of • his testimony was
devoted to the newspaper correspond
ent, Bellairs, . who, he said, did great
injustice to nearly all American officers
in Cuba except General Wood., It was
his opinion that Bellairs went to Ha
vana solely for the purpose of advanc
ing the latter. ;
Other witnesses were C. Fosnes,
.a postoffice inspector, and Major Ed
gar S. ¦ Dudley. U. S. A., who had to
pass on the character of the Jai All
Company, whose concession was grant
ed by General Wood.
Senators Hanna and Teller,' as well
as Major Rathbone, have. been request
ed to have all their testimony before
the committee on or before, December
16, and opponents of confirmation take
exception to this, on the ground that
It may curtail the inquiry.
Major Edgar S. Dudley, who
served in Cuba as judge ad
vocate under General Wood, said that
when General Wood received the ap
plication of the Jai Alal Company for
a concession to erect a "fronton" for
the playing of the Cuban game of pe
lota the application had been referred
to him for investigation. . After mak
ing a i thorough inquiry into the char
acter of the same, the witness said,
he had informed General Wpod that
he should refuse to indorse the appli
cation, on the ground that the game
was a gambling institution. He said
! that the application had been changed
to represent the mere building of an
amusement amphitheater and that in
that form It had received the approval
of the War Department. The conces
sion to the Jai Alai Company was sub
i sequently granted by General Wood.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The brief of Bunn is an argument to
show that the action of the two rail
road companies did not come within
the anti-trust act. He says:
'•The statute must be interpreted so
as to fall with -the executive power3 of
Congress. Construed as the Circuit
Court read it or as the learned Attor
ney General asks to have it read, the
act seems to us far beyond the scope
of those powers. It is nothing less thai;
an overturning of all settled rules upon
the subject to say that the power of
Congress extends to determining in
•what corporations stock may be held
t>y citizens of the States, or that it ex
tends to th** regulations of the consoli
dation and merger of railway compa
nies chartered by the States."
He assert? that "the only combina
tion of which there is any evidence is
a combination formed in aid of com
merce, to liberate, protect and enlarge,
and not to restrain it. and which has
liberated, protected, enlarged and aided
it and has net restrained and does not
threaten to restrain."
The first idea was to form a trust
company, but Young ecys It was quick-
Jy abandoned. It was thought to incor
porate under the laws of Minnesota,
but it was found impracticable to se
cure an acceptable charter in that
State, consequently the papers were
filed in New Jersey.
On the question of consolidation in
the Securities Company. Young says:
•'Its ownership of the shares of the
two railway companies no more con
solidates or pools or merges those
shares or the two companies or their
property than the ownership of two
pieces of real estate by the same per
son consolidates them or the title to
ihem."
Young's brief is a document of mor»
ihan 300 pages, and in it he traces
minutely the origin of the merger. The
movement for this consolidation he at
tributes largely to' the raid of May,
1901, by hostile interests on Northern
Pacific stock, which it was considered
most important to prevent, and saying:
"The Union Pacific interests still heid
537,000,000 of the Northern Pacific com
mon stock. Between 51,000.000 and $2,
000,000 were not held by either of the
parties. The loss of 53,000,000 frcm the
majority holdings might occur from
various causes and the attack just de
feated mig.nt be renewed with success
by the same or other assailants."
He says that in this emergency
Messrs. Morgan and Hill saw clearly
that they must depend upon themselves
and not upon the law for protection.
They had every reason to believe.
Young continues, that such a holding
as that of the Union Pacific in the
Northern Pacific was not contrary to
the anti-trust law and the "inaction oC
the Attorney General showed that this
¦was also the opinion of that high offi
cial charge 1 with the enforcement of
the anti-trust act."
WASHINGTON*. Dec. S.— Briefs in be
half of the Northern Securities Com
pany ar.d the Northern Pacific Railway
Company in the case of the United
State3 against those two companies
end the Groat Northern Company were
filed In the Supreme Court to-day. The
brief of the Securities Company is by
George B. Young, and that of the
Northern Pacific by C. W. Bunn.
Bill Presented by Frye Confines
Philippine Commerce to the
American Ships Exclusively
Recommends That Provisions
Be Made for an Early In
crease of Subsidiary Coinage
¦ - . • • f. ,
Colorado ) Statesman . Declares
Proposed Reciprocity Would
Benefit Only the Sugar Trust
Revokes Locating Privileges
Heretofore Extended to Re
licts of Soldiers ' or Sailors
Says the Consolidation Was
Largely Due to a Raid Made
on Northern Pacific Stock
Witness Asserts Belief That
Bellairs Was Sent to Havana
Simply to/'Boom" the General
THE COMBINE
Relatives of Decedent Reside
in Germany and Beneficiary
Shares Wealth With Them
PROPOSED SHIPPING LAW
KINDNESS BRINGS RICHES
TELLS OF
ELASTIC CURRENCY NEEDED
SEEKS TO . STOP. FRAUDS
TELLER OX CUBAN BILL
NOT MERITED BY SERVICE
One Introduced by Nelson in
Senate Is Similar to the Aid
rich 3Ieasurc of Last Session
Attorney for the Securities
Company Fi!e< Interesting
Brief in tho Supreme Court
Secretary of ¦ Treasury Says That
the Country Has Weathered
the Crisis in the Stock Market
Defends Postofflcc . Department
Against' Partisan. Attack by
the Senator From Maryland
Secretary of Interior Sets
Aside Department Decisions
Bearing onllomestcad Entries
Retired Army Officer Gives His
Opinion of the Former Sur
geon's Rapid Promotion
Aged Recluse Leaves 3Iillion-
Dbllar Estate to a >'cw York
"Woman » AVho . Assisted Him
TWO FINANCIAL
BILLS ON FILE
TRACES ORIGIN
OF THE MERGER
SHAW'S REPORT
IS OPTIMISTIC
WILSON BITTER
TOWARD WOOD
LODGE IN TILT
WITH GORMAN
RULES AGAINST
WIDOWS' CLAIMS
GIVES FORTUNE
TO HIS FRIEND
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1903.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS. _^
ROOS BROS.
A Talk on Overcoats
j&~T* WE WANT TO IMPRESS
M I YOU WITH THE SUPERIOR
l|^| QUALITIES WE HAVE PUT
* IN OUR OVERCOATS THIS
SEASON. . . U V> .• ;.„'•;.:". ; -'fV ; < ;-/-
" ROOS-MADE" COATS ARE A PER-
FECT FIT, YET THEY ARE ROOMY
AND COMFORTABLE. THEY DON'T
DRAG YOU DOWN AS WITH A DEAD
WEIGHT, NOR IMPEDE YOU WHEN
WALKING fcr .
THEY ALLOW EASE OF MOTION
AND A FREE STRIDE, BECAUSE THEY
HAVE THE PROPER "BALANCE" AND
OUR PRICE . . $10 TO $55
YOU NAME THE PRICE— THE BEST
COAT FOR THE MONEY IS YOURS.
K E'ARNY A T P O S T •
Schools and Col logos*
~?~~~~^~ " *"„ -—^ZL It costs him nothing. Your
fcfTj fQglf H HI a | fjj| grocer is glad to return your
¦•I 8 Jiif 1 tl I Pfe il Schilling's Best money, if what
Wi JIUJL "infiii 1 1 in- 1 — •* ft^ir* a you got b not to your liking.
X-EADIJCG -Bl'SINJ-SS COLLEGE OF THE ¦ '..-'¦¦
WEST. 2-1 Port st.. £an FVanclvco. CaJ. • " ' ~ : : — : — ,
E»t«M)rh«3 «0 >•*•:* Open entire year. WEEKLY CALL $1.00 PER YEAE.
ADVERTISEMENTS. '
O— O
Let us make you a
suit to measure
o — ; — o
If you need a suit this.month— the one month of
the year when money can be used in so many ways
buying gifts — you should place, your order with us. 1
Our assortment of the latest patterns is sure to con-
tain what best suits your fancy, our workmanship in-
sures durable garments, our prices enable you to save
fully a fourth^ _ . V"v
A few dollars saved in buying clothes leaves more
to spend for Christmas.
Prices from $10 to $45. Suits and overcoats made
to order in every style.
Suits satisfactorily made to order for out-of-town customers through our
self-measuring system— write for blanks and samples.
740 Market Street and
Cor. Powell and Eddy Streets. . . Tuesday, 1 December S.
Stmr . Empire.- Macgenn, 50 hours from Coos
Day.
,U S stmr Petrel, Cappan, from a cruise.
• SAILED."
Tuesday, December 1 8.
. Stmr Scotia. /Johnson. Bowens Landing.
DOMESTIC ' PORTS.
. SEATTLE— Arrived; Deo 'S^-Strnr Bertha.:
from Vald«t.-> v : •; ¦ ¦
: PORT. GAMBLE^-Salled Dec S— Schr : Queen
and bark -Palmyra,', for San Francisco.','
FOREIGN PORT.
. VICTORIA; , B . C— Arrived Dec 8— Nor , Btmr
Tellus. .hence pec';5,.for,- Ladysmtth. ~ .
Passing ¦ m Dec 8— Bi* " stmr ; Empress ' of In
dia, from Hongkong ; and ¦ Yokohama. '
, . ¦ . -. ¦ ? ¦ -^ I -• -, , ;, , ¦
, The $2,142,207 worth of platinum ex
tracted in the Gorottagodataki district of
Russia, lastv .year. Is,' practically;'. the
.world's supply of that metal.
SAN JOSE. Dec. 8.— The County SupeV
v'.scra to-day- voted to contribute .its pro
rata to aid Sacramento in defending the action
brought againi>t It by De Camp and Mosher
for royalty alleged, to- IS* due oh "oiled .road*,
fche decision beiuc of ln««l ImrmrUuce.
CARACAS, Dec. S.-rGeneral Ferreras,
the rebel leader, who held'CIudad 'Boli
var during the recent revolution and
who escaped when that city was cap
tured by the Government on July 19 of
this year, was taken prisoner yester
day..whi!e ia a small craft In the Ori
noco River near Barancus.
General Fcrreras Is Recaptured
ALAMEDA, Dec. 8.— Encirial Lodge
No.'- 164,, Independent Order -of > Odd-
Fellows, 'has elected the. following- of
ficers, .who ; will be installed, next
month: 'Worthy "grand, George" Klein;
vice grand,* Frank Priestly; recording
secretary,; John ;Larkin; financial; sec
retary, r WilllarnG> ; Vollmer;- treasurer,
Charles "J." Hamrhondi ?
Odd fFellows Elect Officers.
The woman who. gave her name as
Helen Lewis at the Mayor's office last
Monday, where she : applied;, for. a
theatrical engagement, was committed
to the State Hospital for the* Insane by
the* Superior Court yesterdays It
transpires that her real name, is Grace
Vaughan, an actress, well known in
Chicago.
Insane Woman Known. On Stage.
OAKLAND, Dec. 8. — Notice of an
appeal from the decision of Judge
Hall in ordering-the distribution of
the ' estate- of : Katherine Hahn was
filed to-day. A clause in the will
formed a trust, which' the Judge held
invalidated the document. The court
set aside the will and ordered that the
estate, amounting. to. $120,000, be di
vided according to the lawof inheri
tunca.
Appeal Halm Case!
OAKLAND, Dec. 8.— The, following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk ' to-day: Charles' P.
Matson, over 21', and Sarah G. O'NeilJ,
over 18, both of 3an Francisco;" James
Costello, 25, and .Lillian; Byrne, 18,
both "of San Francisco; Bertram d!
.Whiting. 33, Stockton, and Emma A.
Matin/29, Portland; Monroe W. Ham
ilton, 27. and Ida M. Owens, 20, both
of Oakland. . '
Marx'iage Licenses.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
BELGRADE. Servia, Dec. 8.— Finance
Minister P^dovanovitch has resigned
and has been succeeded by Dr. Pasics
ThSs Is believed to foreshadow a change
in the entire Cabinet. Premier Gruics,
it is understood, wishes to resign oa the
pretext of ill-health, and is likely to be
succeeded by Dr. Pasics. '
Ilcsigns From Serrian Cabinet.
OAKLAND, Dec. 8.— Pearl Perry
has begun action for divorce against
Joseph Perry on the ground-of cruel
ty. She asks that she be awarded $40
a month alimony and be allowed to
resume her maiden, nme of Ruther
ford. Mary Tobln has asked for a di
vorce from William "Tobin on the
ground of v desertion. They -were mar
ried in San Francisco several - years
ago.
Unhappy Couples.
Patrick i Cunningham," residing at
215Vi - Tenth 'street; who has been work
ing on the ' new Flood building, which
is ln.course of construction at Powell
and - ; Market ' streets, was precipitated
several stories to the ground yesterday
on a 1 falling elevator. When the elevator
struck'-the:- bottom It rebounded and
pitched Cunningham on a. sand heap.
He was • taken* to "the Emergency Hos
pital/where Dr.. J. D. Murphy, exam
ined ' him and found that he had sus
tained : a broken rib and a sprained
ankle/, -v •
Xarrow • Escape From Death.
y ALAMEDA. Dec. 8. — G. A. Nissen.
a clerk In the local postofflce. has been
dismissed from the service" on charges
preferred against him by Postmaster
T..W. Leydecker. Nissen was accused
of acts prejudicial to the work of the
office, of insubordination and of criti
cizing his superiors. , Letter Carrier
Charles J. Hammond Jr.", a son "of City
/Trustee. Charles J. Hammond and a
brother of Assistant Postmaster Harry
Hammond, has been named to fill Nls
sen's position. .
Postofficc Clerk Removed.
OAKLAND, Dec. 8.— The Rev. E. E.
Baker preached the sermon last night
at the Union-street Presbyterian
Church in the first of a two weeks'
series of evangelistic meetings. The
theme of the first week Is "Jesus of
Nazareth." This evening the Rev. W.
H. Fraser of E^st; Oakland. spojee on
on "The Misison of the : Master." Major
George A. Hilton, leader of, evangelis
tic work in California, will arrive here
Friday and will conduct the 'services
at the church until •the'^ end of the
series. ' , /
Series of Evangelistic Meetings.
ALAMEDA,, Dec. S.-^Flre broke. out
this evening shortly before 6 o'clock
in Armory Hall in the flies of .the
building just above the stage. The
blaze leaped to the roof and for a time
the' structure appeared, to be doomed.
Quick work on the part, of the Fire
Department prevented the spread of
the flames and confined them within a
small "area; • Several curtain scenes
were ,. destroyed "tyid the" loss is esti
mated to be*$400» Crossed electric
wires are" thought. to have caused the
fire. ! : :
Fire Threatens Armory Hall.
WILLEMSTAD, Island of Curacao.
Dee. 8. — The Venezuelan Government
has imported 150,000 rifles and 10.000.000
cartridges and, it is reported, is pre
paring to Invade Colombia In case of
war between the latter country and the
United States. V
Castro May Invade Colombia.
OAKLAND, Dec. 8.— The suit be
tween Robert • Collins and Ignacio Mc-
Courtney over the twenty-flve-year-old
note, now on trial before Judge Og
den, has simmered down to a matter
of signatures?. Judge ' Ogden has de
cided that all other testimony is ir
relevant, as the distance in time and
Apparent contradictions in the state
ments made by both sides in the con
troversy make it impossible for him
to decide betwen their absolutely, con
tradictory stories. " \
Judge in a Quandary.
CAMBRIDGE, 'Mass.. Dec. 8.— The
athletic committee of Harvard Univer
sity, which was azked by the faculty
of arts ahd science to report' whether
the' big college football contests should
be discontinued, reported to-day such
action Is not advisable at present. The
report says In part: . • .
"The committee ventures -to express
the i opinion ' that the ganig of football
is only one of many distractions in col
lege life and that there is no evidence
that its -r abolition would necessarily
turn the attention ' of students to more
serious pursuits." -
Harvard Men Favor Football.
William McCoochee. the boatman,
pleaded not guilty to "Smuggling to
day and was released on $1000 bail.
Federal authorities say Moy Took
was kidnaped and held a priso'ner near
Fort Erie, for nearly two months, the
smugglers demanding ransom from
friends in New York. His certificate'
was stolen and he was robbed of a sum
of money. Other arrests are looked for,
and charges more serious than smug
gling may he made. ,'»;.-' *
Moy Took was a registered China
man. He neglected to get a passport
prior to a trip to Canada and decided
to come back . to Ahe United States
with a party of contraband country
men.
BUFFALO, Dec. 8.— The Federal au
thorities who are investigating the
smuggling of Chinese into this coun
try from Canada and especially the
case of a party of eleven Chinese
who were accidentally dumped into the
canal last Friday have unearthed a
case of kidnaping and indications of a
plot to commit murder.
The kidnaped pereon was a China
man named Moy Took. He was in the
party of eleven and has not been seen
since the accident occurred. The in
spectors believed . he was among the
four drowned.
Invalidation of the Smuggling of Chi
ne&P Into This Country Leads
to Sensational Developments.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 8. — The December
meeting of the ministers of the Con
gregational churches of the Bay Asso
ciation was held this afternoon and
to-night in the First Congregational
Church and was largely attended.
Following- the opening of . the meeting
this afternoon the question of the pro
posed union. of the denominations was
discussed by the Rev. Mr. Bell for the.
United Brethren, the Rev. C. W. Hoag
for. the . Congregatlonalists and- the
Rev.' B. F. Sargent' fow the j Presbyter
ians. All agreed that the unification
of the sects would redound to the ad
vantage of the religious world. /.
This evening " there was' a . music
programme aha addresses by the Rev.
W. J. Spears and the Rev. G. C. Ad
ams. Selections were rendered by the
Ernest McCandlsh quartet.
Ministers Talk of Consolidation of the
Churehcs at a Largely Attended
Meeting Held in Alamedn. ;
FEDERAL AUTHORITIES j
UXEARTH KIDNAPING CASE
Long, who* is an ex-convict, and
Barrow, a former inmate of the Whit
tier Reform School, are suspected by
the police of being the persons respon
sible for a number of recent burglar
ies. '-' ¦ .•...'¦¦-¦¦ :
C. E. Tow;son, manager for the Tesla
Coal Company, testified that the sacks,
worth $12, had been stolen from the
company's barn 'some time after Bar
row had worked for him. L.' E. Bell
ing, and Simon Sinai, Oakland junk
dealers, said they had purchased a
quantity of sacks from Long and Bar
row, but' could not positively identify
them in the courtroom. . .
BERKELEY. Dec. 8. — Incomplete
evidence and insufficient identification
are the reasons Justice of the Peace
Edgar gave for the discharge of Louis
Long and George Barrow / from
charges of burglary after their- pre
liminary examination in his court to
day. The young men were accused
of the theft of a large number of sacks
from the Tesla Coal Company, but
there was no evidence to show the
connection' between the sacks stolen
and those soM to two junk dealers,.be
sides . which ,the jimk dealers refused
to be positive in their identification of
the youths on tfial.
Evidence Not Sufficient to Justify
Holding Young Men Charged
With Stealing Sacks for Trial.
LOXG AXD BARROW
GAIX THEIR FREEDOM
HOLD DISCUSSION OX
UXIOX OF THE SECTS
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Dec. 8.— The
Brass Manufacturers' Association .of
the United States held its annual meet
ing here to-day with \ Rtl0 members
present. - In the matter of freights the
great difference charged for practically
thesame class of goods, such as brass
and nlckei, was- discussed, the rate for
the latter-between Chicago and San
Francjsco being: double. A committee
was appointed to confer with the Fail
roads. The next meeting will probably
be held in San Francisco.
Committee Is Appointed to Confer
With Railroads in the Hope or Se
curing Better Freight Rates.
BRASS 'MANUFACTURERS .
HOLD AXXUAL MEETIXG
BERKELEY, Dec. 8. — The Town
and Gown Club is going to be asked
to assist in furnishing the new Car
negie library building. The library
trustees will not have all the money
they want to spend on the furnishings
and so they will ask the club women
to help them.- Professor Leon J.
Richardson of the University of Cali
fornia and a member of the board has
therefore been delegated a committee
of one to call upon the clubwomen
and ascertain from them how much
they are willing to contribute toward
the decoration of the new building.
The library trustees have enough
money to provide chairs/ and book
cases and such things, but they will
need the help of the ladies in getting
pictures and art works to decorate the
walls and a juvenile library for the
children's room.
OAKLAND? Dec. 8. — Joseph Elli
son and Nathan Musher, late from
Minnea polls, who were principals yes
terday, in a badly tangled series of ac
cusations, renewed hostilities to-day.
Ellison brought a replevin action be
fore Justice Samuels to recover a $35
tailor-made ' suit he claims Musher
fraudulently obtained and v which is
now in Mrs. Musher's possession.
Musher found an attorney and went
on a- hunt for a complaint against El
lison for battery. Fred Jordan, pro
prietor-of the Hotel Crellin, added to
the gayety by swearing to a complaint
charging Musher with disturbance of
the peace:
From Minneapolis' Chief of Police
came the following reply to Chief of
Police Hodgklns' telegraphed Inquiry:
"Cannot get complaint for Musher;
evidence too scattered."
Both men declare they will fight out
their grievances if it takes all winter.
lice Say Mushcr Cannot Be
Apprehended.
Civil Suit Is Brought, But Eastern Po-
JIINXEAPOLIS MEX
KEEP UP QUARREL
WANT TOWX AXD GOYVX
TO ASSIST LIBRARY
The English Club will decide at its
next meeting between two plays — Rob
ert Greene's "Friar Bacon and Friar
Bungay" and Samuel Johnson's "Silent
"Women." It Is likely that Greene's
play, will be chosen, though there is
an objection to it on account of tha
necessity for elaborate scenery. John
son's play does not call for so much
elaboration, but it is not as interesting
as Greene's. The play, whichever It
ls«, will be presented at the Greek
Theater on Charter day.
The French Club will present one of
Moliere's comedies some time during
the nest term, the play and date to
be decided upon later. It, too, will be
given in the Greek Theater, where
such ' success was attained with
"Phedre" at the time of the dedication
of the theater.
BERKELEY, Dec. 8. — If the plans
of the English Club and the recently
organized French Club are realized
the patrons and the students of tha
University of California will see the
revival of plays by famous old play
wrights within the next term. Part
of the activities of each of these clubs
is to be devoted to the reproduction
of these old .plays in exactly the same
way they were beheld by audiences of
the long ago and In beginning so soon
it is anticipated that the greater per
fection will be attained.
University Students Will Put on One
of the Works of Early Writers in
Theater on Charter Day.
OLD ENGLISH PLAY
TO BE REPRODUCED
PARIS, Dec. 8. — Premier Combes
to-day submitted to the Council of
Ministers the results of the inquiries
made •* by. the • prefects throughout
France into the number of schools of
the authorized congregations which
will be closed if the law is extended to
include. the suppression of teaching by
the authorized orders. The reports
show that a total of 3500 schools are
conducted by the authorized orders.
The prefects say that 1900 of these
can be closed immediately, but the re
maining. 1600. cannot be closed as
there are no other schools ready to re
place them. The reports will be trans
mitted to Parliament with a proposed
law. discontinuing teaching by the au
thorized, orders.. The previous sup
pression by the Government of clerical
teaching related to the unauthorized
orders. . ' ..'
Intends to Transmit to French Parlia
ment a Proposed Law Discontinu
ing Teaching by Orders.
PREM1DU COMBES SUBMITS
REPORT TO THE 3IIN1STERS
Junior day netted $221 25 for the junior class.
The farce netted $282 75. but this sum was re
duced to make ur> a <J?ficlt caused by the ex
per.re of tHe Junior "Prom."
The Awociate.1 Chemists have elected the fol
lowing new officers: President, W. A. Stalder;
vice president. C. C. Conlln;. treasurer, G. A.
Newhall; secretary, J. L. Neighbor; executive
committee-^-S. A. Jacobs. and R. A. Itoos.
The Phiic.sODhical Union wlir be addressed by
Charles K>eier on Friday evening:. hi» subject
to be "The Oreanio World." The discussion
will be owned by C. 'A. Kofoid.
The Caiifornlan will issue for the last time
this srmester on Friday morning:. It will be
an elght-pa?e edition.
The award fcfr writing the musical comedy
for the sophomore minstrels was given to E.
J. Berrinsor and E. TI. Grexory. The namo
of the nejection Is ' withheld . for the present.
W. W. Gllmore's poster was selected as prize
winner.
BERKELEY, Dec. 8. — The concent of Stan
ford University has been secured for the en
gagement of- an Eastern coach by the California
tears that is t<* meet the eleven from the Uni
versity of Minnesota. A letter from Professor
Angeli of Stanford giving: connent was read at
tha meeting' of the executive committee of the
Associated Students last night."? Professor An
gell conveyed also the rood wishes of Stanford
for success in the name. Garret Cochran, -whs
coached the famttis 30-O Callfornlan team ia
1SUS. will probably be engaged as coach.
The concert of the Royal Italian band in the
Greek theater to-morrow afternoon for the
benent of the' dramatic fund will begin at 2:30
o'clock. The programme will include selections
from Wagner. Chopin, Donizetti and selections
from popular music. There will be no reserved
seats.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
TALENTED ALAMEDA GIRL
WHO HAS JUST RETURNED
FROM EUROPE.
Schack and his wife separated sev
eral" years ago. She died without a
reconciliation being effected between
them and it is thought that this prey
ed upon his mind.
The letter Is hardly intelligible, but
In it Schack accused a man andj his
wife of having made trouble between
himself and his wife and he chose the
anniversary of his wedding day to
take his final farewell of the place
where, he says, for the past thirteen
years he has known nothing but mis
ery. . . •
LIVERMORE, Dec. 8. — An inquest
was held here to-day by Coroner
Mehrmann into the cause of the death
of Jen3 A. Schack, who was found
hanging in his home in Doolan Can
yon last Friday. The case was ,evi
dently one of suicide, as the deceased
left a letter to his son Harry, in which
he stated at the otuset that he was
going to kill himself. A verdict was
rendered in accordance with this view
of the case:
Testimony at Inquest Into Cau*c of
Death of, Jens Schack Shows That
He Was Despondent.
LIFE IN THIS WORLD
WAS MISERY FOR HIM
According to the Frankfurter Zei
tung conferences between representa- (
tives of Australian and United States
petroleum interests will be held here be
tween December 10 and 15, with a view
to the organization of an international j
cartel. The representatives of Russian
petroleum interests will not at first I
participate in the conferences, but it is j
expected they will .later enter into the
proposed international arrangements, j
The Standard Oil Company thereafter
refused to renew the agreement, and
entered the Russian market in compe
tition with the Russian exporters. Ope
rators on the Boerse anticipate a se- j
rious conflict of gigantic financial in- j
terests. extending from Japan to LIv- j
«rpool. and possibly affecting other i
than oil interests.
German Press Attributes the Fluctu
ations to Recent Purchases Made
by the Standard Oil Company.
BERLIN. Dec. 8.— The Boerse here is
keenly interested in the rise of price of j
Russian kerosene at Baku from 15^ co
pecs a pood to 39 copecs since Septem
ber, attributing: the same to purchases
by the Standard Oil Company.
The Tageblatt's financial article
says the Rothschild-Nobel group was ;
formerly obligated to deliver to the j
Standard Oil Company a certain quan
tity of crude oil. The agreement ended
in September, the Rothschild-Nobel
group then being 36,000.000 poods behind
with its deliveries. ; V: , , S.v :
BIG ADVANCE IN PRICE j
OF RUSSIAN KEROSENE
ALAMEDA, Dec. 8.— After nineteen
months' study abroad under the direc
tion of severalof the voice masters of
Europe, Miss Anne Louise Daniells. the
talented mezzo-soprano, returned home
last evening, arriving by the Santa Fe
route. She reached New York the day
before Thanksgiving and was while in
the metropolis the guest of Mr. and
-Mrs. - D. ¦ F. Verdenal. She was exten
sively entertained there and was hon
ored with a dinner tendered her by
friends who are members of the Fritzi
Scheff Opera Company. From the great
Atlantic seaport, Miss Daniells traveled
to Chicago, where she spent a few days
with, a former instructor.
"I have na^definlte plans for the fu
ture formed yet," said-, MIsb Daniells
at her home -.to-night. i."I have been
away so long that I ami glad to be at
home again for a while. I do not ex
pect to remain herg long and where I
will. go next"! have not decided upon.
Miss Belle McCurrie of Alameda, who
accompanied me to Europe aiid who
was with me while I was studying at
Cassell, is now in Berlin and her home
coming Is indefinite. She is taking a
full vocal and dramatic course. While
in Europe' we visited Berlin, Marburg,
Leipsic, Dresden and Weimar. Miss Me-
Currfe is at present at the Stearns Uni
versity In Berlin."
Miss Daniells' voice first attracted the
attention of the critics about four years
ago. By request she sang \f or Henry
Barnabee of the Bostonians and Mau
rice" Grau of the Grau Grand Opera
Company. Both of these -gentlemen
were well impressed with the beautiful
Alameda girl's voice and predicted for
her a brilliant future if she embarked
upon a 'statre career.
Miss Dan!ells is the daughter of -Mr.
and Mrs. P. G. Daniells of this city,
her father being the editor of the Ala
meda Argus.
L. Linekin, Jacob Mueller, A. Davis,
Herman J. Mohr, John Aiton, John V.
Baird, C. H. Hatch, John P. Kellev,
George E. Grindle, W. P. Nutting, C.
F. Hemple. J. C. Linderman, Hans
Kamp. James A. Trefry, C. H. Wise,
Edward J. Holt, D. FL Bruns, E. J.
Gordon. Benjamin Maloon, George W.
Arper. J. L. Hollis, W. H. Bliss, F. M.
Davie, Joseph Fletcher, J. W. Watson,
S. N. V/yckoff, Henry G. Mehrtens, F.
E. Brunker, A. Milwain, A. Bristori
ous, George F. Hildreth and F. Schou.
OAKLAND, Dec. 8.—^The Grand
Jury which will investigate the vari
ous departments of the county gov
ernment for the yea*r 1903-04 was im
paneled by Judge Ellsworth to-day. In
his remarks to the jurors the Judge
took occasion to ask. them to investi
gate the b*ooks of the Tax Colector
and Auditor and clear up any doubt
tha^ may exist in regard to the chang
ing of the figures on the assessment
roll. The nineteen men who compose
the jury are Marcus Jonas. B. C.
Hawes, Benjamin Smith, A. L. White,
Philip S. Tell, Thomas Poyzer. C. B.
Root, F. C. JaVvia, W. P. Hook,, Henry
P. Mohr, .E. H. Mardvvell, J. Plaw,
August Hxigeman, A. L... Graham, Wil
bur Walker. Mailler Searles, William
H. Weilbye. Wallace Everson and An
drew F. Baumgartner. .-._¦; •
E. H. Mardwell of Fruitvale was
appointed by Judge Ellsworth as fore
man of the jury.
Trial jurors to sit on any criminal
or civil case that may come up within
the next three months were drawn as
follows:
and Hear Criminal Accusations. 1
Nineteen Mon Impaneled to*InvQsti
'gate Affairs of County Government
GIIAXD JURY DRAWN
FOIl COMING YEAIi
Mrs. Illeigel, who has been a suf
ferer from mental troubles, was out
walking with an attendant, Mrs. L. M.
Redmond. Xear the Castro-street cross-
Ing of the local train tracks the patient
suddenly broke from her companion
and ran" into the street* The east
bound 11:30 o'clock local was moving
rapidly from Market-street station and
the woman threw herself on the tracks
in front of the approaching train. Mrs.
Redmond followed, but could not drag
her charge from the track until after
the trahi had been stopped.
The nurse nspisted Mrs. Kleigel to
the sidewalk and subsequently she was
removed to' her residence.
Mrs. W. J. McKec-n, mother oT Mrs.
Kleigel, said her daughter was a suf
ferer from nervous prostration caused
by serious illness and was under care
of ph>slcians. Kleigel,, her husband, is
a candy-maker, working in Sacramento.
By deliberately throwing herself in
front of a Seventh-street local train
this morning at Castro and Seventh
streets, Mrs. B. J. Kleigel, residing at
1255 West street, made a desperate at
tempt -to .commit suicide. . That the
woman was not mangled to death was
due to the prompt and skillful wcTrk
of George -B. Jeffries, engineer of the
locomotive,' who saw the form on the
track in time to bring the train to. a
stop. The engine pilot just reached the
prostrate woman when the momentum
was checked.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
• • - HIS Broadway, Dec. 8.
Neither George W. Reed, the new at
torney for the Public Administrator,
nor Mr. Gray, himself will make any
statement, which leaves Mr. Langan's
to be interpreted in the' light of past
and present events. Mr. Langan's ref
erence to Mr. Gray's "employers" can
only be, made to apply to H. W. Meek
of San Lorenzo, upon whose magnifi
cent ranch Mr. Gray is the foreman.
But, like all the others, Mr. Meek has
nothing to say except to disclaim any
authority over Mr. Gray as Public Ad
ministrator.
The people of Hayward?. where Mr.
Gray ami Mr. Langan reside, are much
interested ia this matter. When, Just
after the election of Mr. Gray, it was
proposed to give the work to Reed, &
Nusbaumer, the people of Haywards
held a mass-meeting, at which they
called both Gray and Langan before
them, while the citizens of the town
sat as a jury of several hundred upon
the case. Each side made its statement
to the citizens, with the result that
the work of the office was divided. Now
Mr. Reed is given all of the work.
The removal of G. W. Langan as at
torney for Public Administrator George
Gray has brought forth a quantity of
caustic comment from the lawyer, but
silence is maintained by . Gray and
George W. Reed, who now gets, all of
the business at that office. This is the
way Langan talks about the matter:
"I do not-blame Gray, for the deal
was carried out by his employers. But
I was the man who got Gray to run
for the office <?f Public Administrator.
I was the man who got him the dele
gation from his own township. I put
money into his fight, and as he was
elected by a narrow margin I can say
that I'was the man who elected him.
I had the promise of Mr. Gray that I
should be attorney for his office. Mr.
Gray was elected, and then the fight
began to get the patronage of the of
fice. I flnairy consented to share the
work with another firm, and now it
would seem that they have all of the
work." j "^ ;-
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, Dec. $.
Moffitt was not' only gallant but
game, and he decided that the proper
fare of $2 30 should be paid, and with
the aid of the brakeman he made the
collection in the interest of his'com
pany and gave his receipt*--- ¦>•..",
--Her name is Ruby> even if she-is as
black as the ace of spades, and Conduc
tor Joe Moffitt of the Sacramento run
is wondering why shehad him arrested
for battery, when she nearly threw him
off his'pwn train.,Incidentally.Conduc
tor Moffltt has decided that.there is no
luck in being punched by a negress.in
an effort to collect fares.
, The first chapter of the Stale covers
events of last Friday night on the Ore
gon Express on' its trip from Davis to
Oakland. • The second dears with to
day, when Conductor Moffitt suddenly
found him3elf..arrested for battery, and
the third -will., be . written •" Thursday,
when the conductor's trial .will take
place beforV; Justice Quinn. ;
Moffltt is one of the most trusted con
ductors on the. road, and he has. charge
of the big oyerfand trains in their trips
between Oakland and Sacramento. Oh
the Friday evening, in question he met
the Oregon Express, at Davis and pro
ceeded to take charge of^the train over
the western division. Conductor Moffitt
is of the opinion that it was the fateful
Friday. that offset the luck that should
have come from having a colored per
son on the train.
Moffltt started through the second
coach, when he met Mrs. Ruby Alex
ander, who was. riding from Redding to
Oakland! She explained to him that
she was the wife of an employe of the
Southern Pacific Company and that she
was traveling upon ' "transportation,"
but that the said transportation was
lost, had strayed or, had been stolen.
This was not exactly the phraseology
used by Mrs. Alexander, but Moffitt
says that this was what she meant.
The punctuation used by 'Mrs. Alex
ander was i he most emphatic part of
her remarks. These consisted of sev
eral right swings and a few left
punches that landed on Conductor Mof
fitt's head. Mrs. Alexander wore a big
ring on one hand, which cut one of the
veins in Moffltfs neck, and in a mo
ment he was deluged with his own
blood, and the passengers thought a
desperate attempt at murder had been
made.- : :•¦¦¦
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Dec. 8.
• Deputy Sheriff Paine and Court
Clerk McCormiek sprang over the rail
ing: ynd grappled , with the maniac.
Just as he raised the -revolver above
his head and pointed it toward him
self. (
Gazarian had been in court earlier in
the day. While a case was in progress
he walked past the bailiff and between
the attorneys and standing before the
court proceeded to address the Judge
In the Armenian language. He was
hustled out of the room, but he made
no resistance and was not placed under
arrest. It was about 3 o'clock when
he returned. He rushed into the court
room very excitedly, yelling loudly,
and before anyone could stop him he
drew the rovo'.ver from his pocket and
tired toward the Judge. Fortunately
his aim was bad. the bullet sinking
into the floor at the Judge's feet.. He
was taken to the insane ward of the
county jail, and will undoubtedly be
committed to the asylum to-day. .
Gazarian has befn arrested for in
sanity several times, but was never
proven sufficiently crazy to be sent to
¦the asvlum. He is a man of rare lit
erary attainments and has always
been a diiigent student of languages.
Over a year ago he began to write let
ters to prominent local people, to the
newspapers, to the Governor and even
to President Roosevelt, signing himself
"Jesus Christ." The letters were writ
ten in high Turkish and when trans
lated l were foitnd to be absolutely
meaningless. He lias generally been
considered perfectly hermle^s, and his
relatives have cared for him, allowing
him to roam about as best suited his
own convenience. The folly of doing
so was made plain to-day in his at
tempt to murder Judge Austin.
FRESNO.'. Dec 8.— Agob Gazarian,
an insane Armenian clergyman, to-day
dashed suddenly into Superior Judge
Austin's courtroom at the courthouse
and, jerking a revolver from his
pocket, fired point blank at the Judge,
¦who was on the bench at the time.
Special Dispatch to The Call
"So It is with your church — in spite of
adversity it has proven itself master of
the situation."-. '¦¦'.. -i.
A pleasing incident of the service wa3
the meeting of Dr. Haynes and Mrs.
Stacey, a former soloist in the choir
of the Belden-avenue Church in Chi
cago. Dr. Haynes did not know thit
Mrs. Stacey was to be present until by
request of the pastor of the church she
rose to sing the solo of the evening.
The Rev. 11. W. Haynes. pastor of
the Belden-avenue Baptist Church of
Chicago, preached the sermon at the
special service held to-night to cele
brate the forty-ninth anniversary of
the organization of the First Baptist
Church of this city.
The services were held at Masonic
Hall, which has been used as a place of
meeting by the congregation of the
church since the destruction of the
church building at Fourteenth and
Brush streets by fire on August 10, 1902.
The First Baptist Church was or
ganized December 7, 1834, and was rec
ognized by the ecclesiastical council
December 17, 1S34. Its first house of
worship waa located at Fifth and Jef
ferson streets and was the first Pro
testant church to be erected in Oak
land. In February. 1864. the building
was removed to Ninth street, between
Clay and Jefferson streets.
In 1S68 the lot on, the corner of Four
teenth and Brush' streets was secured
and a new church erected, which was
occupied by the congregation until it*
destruction by fire. When the new
church at the corner of Jones street
and Telejrraph avenue Is completed tha
congregation of the First Baptist
Church will possess one of the most
beautiful houses of worship on the Pa
cific Coast. The new edifice will be
completed during the fiftieth year of
the life of the church organization.
The present pa3tor of the church.
Rev. H. J. Vosburgh. began his pas
torate September 1, 1901, being preceded
by the Rev. C. H. Hobart, who served
the church for fourteen years.
The services this evening were opened
with a short scripture reading and a
brief address by the pastor. Dr.
Haynes was then introduced. He took
as his text, "I have learned In what
soever State I am to be content," but
he added:
"I think that a far better as well as
more modern translation would bs: "I
have learned in whatsoever State I am
to be master of the situation.' Take, for
instance, the case of two farmers who
settled In the great West side by sid-i
In the early days. To-day one has a
mortgage on his farm, the fences are
all down and the house Is unpainted.
The other has a beautiful home, money
in the bank and a mortgage on hia
neighbor's farm.
"What does this prove? Simply that
one man is master of the situation.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call}
1118 Broadway, Dec. 8.
Poor Aim of His Assailant
Saves Jurist From Being
Wounded and Possible Death
Mrs. Ruby Alexander, After
Punching' Train Official, Has
Him Arrested for Battery
Checks the Locomotive Just
as Pilot Reaches the Un
fortunate's Prostrate Form
Rev. 31. W; Haynes of Chicago
Delivers an Able Address to
Those Gathered at Ceremony
ENGINEER STOPS IN TIME
Decision of Mass-Meeting Held
by People of Haywards to Set
tle Question Is Not Abided By
FIGHT WITH THE MANIAC
DISPUTE "0V£R r HEB FARE
Insane Armenian 3Iakes a
Spectacular Entry Into a
Courtroom in Citv of Fresno
Conductor Moffitt Is Made Tar
get for Swings and Punches
of a Colored Damsel on Train
Demented '"NVoman "• -Narrowly
Escapes Death Under* the
Wheels of a Local Train
OTHERS KEEP SILENCE
Langan, Retired Attorney for
Public Administrator, Claims
He Was Original Gray 3fan
* —
SEARS ITS HALF CENTURY
First Church of That Denomi
nation in Oakland Holds a
Celebration' of Its Birthday
Miss Anne • Louise Daniells, for Whom
Brilliant Operatic Career Is : Predicted,
Returns From Europe to -Visit Family
FIRES BULLET
AT THE JUDGE
WOMAN'S RING
DRAWS BLOOD
SAYS PROMISE
WAS GIVEN HIM
ANNIVERSARY
OF BAPTISTS
TALENTED VOCALIST HOME AGAIN
AFTER STUDY WITH THE MASTERS
MAKES A LEAP
TO END LIFE
THE SAN- FRANCISCO- .CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 0, 1UU3.
4
NEW ADVEBTISE2EENT3.
THE OIKL AND THE BEE.
A Story of the Ignorance of * City
"., Girl.
The city girl coming down to break-
fast at the farm house and observing a
plate of honey on the table said. 'Oh; I
see you keep a bee." .
That's about the way some people talk
about the blight of baldness— Just an it
a bald head was something one got all at
once instead of being the result of Ions-
depletion by an insidious germ which
thrives upon the roots of the hair and
succumbs to only one known remedy.
i Newbro's llerpiclde.
I N«wbro'« HerpJclde la not a :nnlc an7
mor« than electricity la » fluid. It U an
exterminator, pure and simple.
•¦Destroy O" cause ycu remove the effeet."
SolJ by lc-adlns dniKlIats. Send tOc in
¦tamr* for sample to The HerpicUto Co.. D»-
trolt. Mich.
¦
vAd lUnlH
for Infants and Children,
The Kind You Hava Always Bought
Bears the /^"T
Blguaturo of C&zst/jrjj&g&tigGold now constitutes nearly one-half
of our stock of money.
a share of the profits." Schwab had
no other interest in the company after
its sale.
. Perkins then gave an account of the
connection of the firm with the ship
building ' company. He will continue
his testimony to-morrow.
Fitzpatrick, the sole survivor of the
party, is at Keswick, but unable to
give details of the drowning.' He re
cently came to Keswick from Seattle.
Wash.
H. Fitzpairick, who was of the party,
succeeded in reaching shore. The five
men were in Redding this evening and
indulged quite freely. About 8 o'clock
they started to return to Keswick in a
double-seated wagon drawn by two
horses. They left the main road near
Middle Creek and drove into the river,
which at that point was unfordable.
REDDING, Dec. 8.— Four men were
drowned to-night in the Sacramento
River near the mouth of Middle Creek.
They were Charles McCreary, aged 35;
John White, aged 32; William Weincr
and William Smith. All were unmar
ried and were recent arrivals at Kes
wick, where. they were employed in the
smelter.
Tragedy at Night Which Fol
lows a Period of Celebra
tion in Shasta'3 Connty Seat
FOUR MEN DIE
IN THE RIVER
"What was -your first connection
with the United States Shipbuilding
Company?'' he was asked. ;
. "Not until after it was. closed up. ( I
had no knowledge - before August.
1902, except. as we had talked it over
in the firm." .
Perkins said he was not present
when negotiations for the Bethlehem
Company '-^were first carried on. The
Bethlehem plant was. acquired from
Schwab by J. P.. Morgan f&. Co.. as
syndicate managers for .the . United
States Steel Corporation, in the fall
of 1 9 0 1 , the arrangement being, the
witness' said, that "if we disposed of
the property he (Schwab) should have
George ~\V. Perkins of the firm of J.
P. Morgan &. Co. took the stand to tes
tifyto the connection v of that firm with
the flotation of the shipbuilding com
pany, the purchase of the Bethlehem
stock and the' $7,500,000 loan for j that
purpose.
MORGAN'S PART IN" • DEAL.
Questions about money borrowed by
the Crescent yards before the forma
tion of the company, to meet payrolls,
and paid back by the United States
Shipbuilding Company afterward, also
irritated Nixoh, and he became more
excited when Untermyer asked him if
the Orescent yards had ever been any
thing but a burden to the shipbuilding
company since its acquisition. He ad
mitted that the shipbuilding company
had put into the Crescent plant several
hundred dollars more, than it had ob
tained from it. The tone of Untermy
er's questioning: intimated that Nixon
had been coached by the defense's
counsel on both sides, and the witness
entered upon a warm interchange of
remarks, at the close of which Nixon
was excused.
he was a co-promoter with Young in
the formation of the company and that
part of the price paid him for the Cres
cent yards was really his promoter's
profit?.
"He was making a speech in broken
English," said the complaining officer,
"and his talk was largely made up of
abuse of this country and everything
connected with it. When I told him
to desist and move on he cursed and
defied the police."
- "So, Frank, you don't admire this
country or its institutions?" queried
the Judge, narrowly scanning the de
fendant's diminutive form and inex
pressive countenance. "Well, I'm sorry
for all concerned that you are dissatis
fied with our way of doing things. But,
Frank, why do you remain in a land
that is so at variance with your idea
of governmental perfection? Why
don't you return to the realms of the
Mikado, where the penalty for lese
majesty is submersion in burning oil
and the punishment prescribed
for high treason is extraction
of the toe nails with red-hot
pincers. ' In this incomplete re
public of ours, Frank,, we have no
statutory authority to apply such re
fined means of punitive torture, dnd
the bejt I can prescribe for. you is. im
prisonment and hard labor. Therefore,
Mr. Hannibus— I wonder how you came
to adopt such a name as that — the, very
best I can do for you, in the way of
making the punishment fit the crime,
is to send you to confinement in; the
County Jail for ninety days, with the
suggestion to- the keeper of that insti
tution that he put you to work on the
rock pile. By smashing good, hard
American rocks you may rid yourself
of 6ome of the abhorrence -in which
you now hold American freedom, and
Then before the Mogan' tribunal ap
peared Frank Hannibus, an ordinary
looking Japanese, who had been ar
rested by Policeman J. A. Maloney for
disturbing the peace of Post street,
between Mason and Powell, at mid
day last Monday.
One-half all the women in Massachu
setts who are able to work ar'e wage
earners, r; ¦-.¦••¦•- ; ¦-
Vincenzio Flagiello ancj John Para
desco Quarreled over the ownership of
a saloon at 311 Montgomery avenue,
and before Judge Fritz yesterday Fla
giellcr deposed that Paradesco attacked
him with a revolver. A great deal of
English language was shatteredjn'the
hearing of the testimony, and the court
finally held both Flagiello and, Para
desco to answer, for disturbing the
peace. Policeman John Daniels made
the arrests.
Robert Weeden got three months for
robbery, and would have. got more if,
as Judge Mogan explained it, "his
quickness of hand had not deceived the
eye."
In the possession of|Mr. Weeden,
when he was arrested on complaint of
Robert Price, was found a watch and
chain which the complainant identified
as his property and which, he* stated,
had been abstracted from his person
as he slept in a chair in a Barbary
Coast saloon. Weeden did not dispute
Price's claim of ownership, but pleaded
that^he had found the watch and chain
EAKERSFIELD. Dec. 8.— Tax Collector
Charles E. Day has completed the work of
/-•ollectinff the first installment of taxes, and
h* will have his report made out in a few
«iays The collections for November were th«
iwaviejFt In the history of the county, more
than JiSO/iOO havintr received for that
month. The Kern Land Company's
£rrt payment alono made in a single check,
amounted to $3T*.0C0.
¦ Samuel : Untermyer, ' counsel for the
suing bondholders, continued the re
direct examination of Nixon with ques
tions about the inability of the; ship
building company to have continued its
business with the Sheldon reorganiza
tion plan. Nixon declared that if the
Bethlehem company had paid dividends
the shipbuilding company could have
gone on. . '
. "What \ras the cause of the collapse
of the ; shipbuilding company?" asked
Untermyer. >
': "The." suit which your clients start
ed," answered Nixon; but Untermyer,
unsatisfied; forced him to adm^t ? that
the promulgation of the Sheldon-re
organization was a confession^of in
solvency." ¦ " : . ¦ . '.¦*¦
v • -" "So far as you know, was there any
one who was .willing to trust the ship
building company after the Sheldon
plan came out on May 26, 1903, and
before the; action wa3 begun on June
;10, 1903?" ¦.-:'.
' Nixon's reply was "No." . -
'. Nixon was asked about the earnings
of the subsidiary. companies since the
receivership and said that the Union
Iron ;Works had, during ; the year,
earned about $550,000.
UNTERMYER ANGERS NIXON.
Untermyer asked Nixon* about the
jVl'000,000 }. stocky set; aside* for Max
Pam and , the J18, 000 salary voted
¦Pam as ( 'chairman of ''* the ; executive
"committee of the shipbuilding com
nany.''- ' ; ¦,-.^/.l^^^pgiiSMJfpwff
; Nixon became quite angry at aline
of 'duestioningr aimed'tq bring outthat
NEW YORK, Dec. 8.— At the hearing
in the United States Shipbuilding re
ceivership proceedings to-day, . Lewis
Nixon, president of the company, who
has occupied 'the stand for some time,
concluded his testimony and was"' fol
lowed by George W. Perkins, who gave
the "story of the connection of Morgan
& Co. with the shipbuilding flotation.
His testimony on direct examination
went to show that Morgan & Co.'s cdn
riection with the shipbuilding company
consisted in supplying trust companies*
money to- loan to the shipbuilding com
pany and In the sale of the Bethlehem
plant. The defense made strong efforts
to keep certain cablegrams and letters
bearing on the French underwriting
from being published and at the close
of the : Wearing Guthrie pocketed the
copy of one i letter, the newspaper men
being unabie to obtain it.
NIXON- RESUMES TESTIMONY. \
Asks Pointed Questions Con
cerning the Price Paid for
Crescent Shipbuilding Plant
Macedonian Commission Xamcd.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Dec. 8. — M.
Zinovieff, the Russian Embassador,
has informed the Porte that Russia
and Austria have definitely decided to
appoint, respectively, M. Demerik, the
Consul General of Russia at Beirut,
and Herr von Mueller of the Austrian
Foreign Office, to supervise the carry
ing out of the reform scheme of the
r.n^r* for Macedonia.
Edward Jones, .who stormed the resi
dence of Gus Thomberg. 678 Ninth ave
nue, while laboring under the halluci
nation that his family was inside and
being burned to death, was committed
to the Ukiah Asylum yesterday by
Judge Mosan. While in court the de
mented man repeatedly implored the
Judge to make the audience stop talk
ing about him .and otherwise deported
himself in a way that left no. room for
doubt as to his mental. infirmity .V
LAWYER STIRS
NIXON'S ANGER
Of such forgiving. spirit was William
Shaughnessy that he resolutely declined
to prosecute Jalma Johnson, by whom
he had been* stabbed several times in
the arm. The men were, engaged 'in
a fizht at North Beach when the cut
ting was done.
A pocket knife with open blade was
the material evidence that Policeman
J. L. Nelson produced to substantiate
the charge of carrying concealed weap
ons which he had filed against John
McCarly. .
In his own defense McCarty told
Judge Mogan that wnile attending a
Jockeys' ball pn the Barbary Coast last
Monday nisrht he aroused the jealousy
.and violent antagonism of "a tough
looking tout," and that fearing attack
he had opened his pocket knife with
out drawing it from concealment in'or
der to .protect 1 himself, if the odds of
combat should be against him. But as
he was not s courting conflict he left the
scene of 'revelry and was proceeding
quietly to his home when the police
man overhauled him.
The explanation was good enough to
obtain dismissal of the case.
"Don't get drunk."
Mr. Cunningham's effort to appear
grateful for the admonition was earn
est, but not entirely successful.'
"Don't permit yourself to believe that
an exceptional equipment of physical
strength clothes its possessor with a
right to wreck saloons and assault per
sons who may attempt to stay the de
molition.
But there was nothing Chesterrleldian
in the tone with which his Honor Mo
gan laid down the law to Edward Cun
ningham, a brawny marine engineer
who had wrecked a water front grog
shop and then privately made a mone
tary settlement with the man whose
property he had destroyed.
"You are a fair type of that class of
sea -going chaps that imagine them
selves monarchs of all they survey
when they hav& come ashore and hoist
ed in a cargo of strong waters," said
the Judge to the defendant. "While la
boring under this delusion you and your
ilk ignore property rights and believe
that so long as you are able and willing
to pay you have a perfect rigKt to
smash either persons or things. Now,
Mr. Cunningham, it is a matter of fact
and law that I could send you to jail
for disturbing the peace, despite your
settlement out of court -with the com
plaining witness, and I certainly would
do so if your attorney had not pleaded
that you are penitent and ready to re
turn to sea if I release you. Well, I
will let you go and would suggest that
when you go to sea you remember and
digest these words of counsel:
"Don't get drunk.
"Don't imagine that a seaman ashore
has any more prerogatives or privi
leges than a landlubber.
"Don't get drunk.
"In dismissing you I only wish tq say
that if you are a thief ;-ou -will soon
be here again. 1 I don't say you are dis
honest, but if you are not innocent of
this crime you will again soon appear
in court as a defendant."
•William Dahlerwas the next recip
ient of Judge Mogan's attention. He
was accused of stealing 555 from the
coat of a- fellow workman in a Geary
street, bakeshop, and 'while the attend
ant circumstances and his subsequent
conduct indicated guilt the • evidence
was insufllcient to justify the court In
holding him. But the paucity of posi
tive proof- did not prevent the court
speaking its mind to the defendant.
"While you are probably guilty."
said the Judge, "the law does not per
mit me to hold you. Nobody saw you
take the money, and the fact that sev
eral other men had the same oppor
tunity as you had to pilfer it also helps
you to freedom. But the fact that
when the money was missed you were
also missed, and that you did not re
turn to the bakery, even to get the
wages due you, does not strengthen any
supposition of your innocence that may
exist.
NEW YORK, Dec. 8. — The follow
ing Californlans are in New York:
From San Francisco— E. D. Black, at
the York; D. G. Read and wife, at the
Everett; -Miss Sprague. ,'M. Sprague,
Mrs. R. H. Sprague, R. H. Sprague and
W. W. Sprague, at the Albemarle; H.
F. Band and P. C. Dibert, at the Hotel
Imperial; M. S./Gottheim, at the Bel
videre; S. S. Hawley, Lit the Grand
Union; *N\ M. Xielson, at the Astor:
Miss Younger, at the Aibeniarle; C. E.
Ackerman, at the Imperial; Dr. L. H.
Hoffman and Dr. H. Meyer, at . the
Herald square.
From Los Angeles — J. P. Davenport,
at the Grand Union; Dr. N. E. Ham
mond, at the St. Denis.
upon the floor of the saloon, and that
it was not his business to* go around
looking tor their owner. Several ha
bitues of the erogrgery testified that
they had seen "Weeden hovering in a
suspicious way around the slumbering
Price, but none of them haC seen him
actually take the watch. •
"Your dieltal ; deftness ; Is '"worthy of
better employment than '-jiicklng\pock
ets," said the. Judge to Mr. Weeden,
"and; I hope it will be utillied to, the
benefit of the taxpayers of this city
and county while you are serving out
your three months."
Cnllforninns in \c\v York.
The case of A'.fce Hall wasjVtale of
two courts. Alice, who is j youthful,
pretty and undoubtedly wicked, . was
recently sentenced to thirty^ days for
vagrancy by Judge .Mogah.tbut ' she
supplied an appeal bond : and* w-as lib
erated. While -the appeal ..was still
pending she was haled-? before* Judge
Fritz on a similar .charge, was simi
larly convicted and obtained her liberty
by similar means.. With both appeals
pending she was arrested again last
Monday for vagrancy, and yesterday
Judge Mogan gave her six, months on
the latest charge, and, then. suggested
that she- be taken over^to; Judge. Fritz
to see what he \vante i a*;t'o'<<ioi with her
case in his court. Judge Fritz did not
have time to attend to the matter, yes
terday. * ,
"Alice, you seem to be a continuous
performer in these courts," said Judge
Mogan to the defendant, "and I really
think- you are entitled to a rest. I will
contribute six months to your needed
period of relaxation, and maybe neigh
bor Fritz may extend it." • ¦
Miss Hall smiled at the judicial
sally as she was escorted to the cor
ridor. / • . '-l-f-'i
"Which we must accept as your ex
cuse for putting this court to a great
deal of trouble. Ah, well, I suppose one
of the things we are here for, Mrs.
Mitchell, -is to serve as a sort of arbi
tration board for the settlement of do
mestic difficulties, and, incidentally,
to act as a medium of scaring refrac
tory husbands. But now, Mrs. Mitchell,
your logical perception must show you
the attitude of incertitude in which
your change of mind has placed me.
If you are quite certain — or, I would
better say, as certain as a woman can
be — that you will not again change
your mind and desire to have Mr.
Mitchell again incarcerated, I might
dismiss this charge against him."
"Oh. I'm quite sure. Judge, indeed I
am." said the lady with much earnest
ness.
"Then he may go. And, much as I
bave enjoyed your visit here, Mrs.
Mitchell, I would not perish of ennui
if you should neglect to come again."
Mrs. Mitchell grabbed the arm of the
man she had forgiven and hastily
towed him out of court.
"It's the recognized privilege of wo
man -to change her mind as frequently
as she pleases," said Judge Mogan to
Mrs. Mathilda Mitchell of 1902 Nine
teenth avenue, "and that is what per
plexes me in this case of yours. In the
first place, when you had your husband
arrested and charged with having
chased you two blocks and fired nu
merous shots at you, the vigor witn
which you filed your complaint led this
court to believe that you really intend
ed to prosecute to the bitter end. But
now you come and sweetly inform me
that you bave ' changed your mind
that not for untold gold would you
have your p potise deprived of his free
dom. Thus is obtrusively presented to
me the vexing question: Is your mind
made up for keeps this time, or is it
likely to undergo another radical mu
tation and prompt you to prosecute?"
• "Indeed it won't. Judge," said Mrs.
Mitchell, anxiously. "I"m sorry I had
my husband arrested arid would not
have done so if I hadn't been excited."
¦•^E^Y YORK. Dec. 8.— Mrs. Elizabeth
;R. ¦ 'Vlasto' applied to-day to Supreme
Court Justice Leventritt for an order
directing, 1 her ¦husband, (Solon J. Vlasto,
to-pay her $25 a week pending the trial
of her:.suit>',fQr r s.eparatlpn. , Mrs. Vlasto
has' another^ suit .pending to recover
$500,000 fromt-Mrs.'t'Marylij.' C. Culver,
daughter of .r^nite'dX States Senator
Clark of MonVana and _wife- of Dr. Ever
ett; Mallory/.Culver,'. for.. aljeged aliena
tion of . Vlasto'a 'affections! ;
* A? H. :kafferiburgh;'1.:Mrs. Vlasto's
counsel, ( told r Justice -Leventritt that
Vlasto had offered Vhis-'wife $50,000 if
she wc-nld agree^tcf^get^a divorce^ so
he could marry Mrs. Culver. The latter
is suing her husband in'Kings County
for divorce. . _j'V' ; '"*
Mrs: Vlasto alleges' that since her
marriage twenty-elght : years ago Vlasto
has treated her cruelly.; 'They have not
lived . together for ; several years and
Vlasto has allowed her; $25 a week reg
ularly."' \ She wants this allowance con
tinued. ; He stopped it-recently.
Louis F. Doyle, -Vlastb's lawyer, op
posed application and said Mrs.
Vlasto -was either being used as a tool
for the purposes of litigation or was
insane. He characterized her suits as
preposterous. /
Justice Leventritt reserved his de
cision.
Special DispatchVtq.^The Call
you may come out of prison with
healthier mind and body."
K.. Komi, another "Httle'brown man,"
refused to pay Miss< Grace • Vaughan
the sum of $20 as compensation for the
loss of her pet spaniel," which he. ma
liciously shot and killed," and which
she tearfully pronounced- "the sweetest
dog that ever , lived." Miss .;. Vaughan
was willing to withdraw her'.'com
plaint If Komi would assuage. as much
of her sxief as could be healed by, payr
merit of a double eagle, but Komi ob
stinately declined to 'accept liberation
on those terms. -He; will be sentenced
to-day by Judge Mogan. i , .. "... -/^
Woman Who - Is Suing Mrs.
\ Says ¦? She. i\Vas Offered
3Ioney to Cpngent to Divorce
Yesterday was an exceptionally quiet
day in the four departments of the Po
lice Court. The cases were unusually
few and of unexciting caliber, and
the attendance in the auditoriums was
correspondingly small. But the slim
ness of the dockets was an indirect
public blessing, nevertheless, for it en
abled the Judges to devote more than
wonted time to each hearing and to
dispense more than ordinary doses of
that profound philosophy for which
they are becoming famous.
*
Question of Providing:. Funds
for the Trip the One Ob
stacle in Way of Acceptance
PLEASED ' WITH THE IDEA
'•The idea is very new to me, but it
sounds good." said Representative
Pffyne of New York, Republican floor
leader in the House. "I do not know
just how the reunion could be accom
plished. We could no doubt both learn
a great deal and get pome good, new
ideas in a parliamentary way as well
as on the subject of international arbi
tration, and good could hardly fail to
result from the social intercourse."
"It is a nice idea," he said, "but at
present I do not see where we could
get time to go, even if we could get the
money. However, it is something to
thinkabout and the future might bring
an opportunity of realization. While we
are considering it, I should say that it
*vould be as good, if not a better, idea
to visit the English Parliament, where
the customs are not so different, es
pecially in the House of Parliament."
Speaker Cannon, ruler of the House
of Representatives, shook his head
Fomrwhat dubiously when he mused
on th« length of the trip and the time
It would take.
"The idea is a very pleasant one, if
it is practical.*! raid Senator Allison.
As the senior member of the upper
body does not often give his opinions
on such matters this expression from
him means a great deal. Allison said
that he thought such a visit might
bring about many pleasant connections
among individuals in a fraternal and
social way, although he was not sure
that it could cause much better feel
ing between the two nations, since their
relations were already on a most pleas
ant and friendly basis.
"I think that a reunion between the
members of the American and French
legislative bodies wc-uld be a good
thing." said Senator Cullom, chairman
of the Senate Committee on Foreign
Relations. "'I say this without any se
rious thought as to Mow it could be
brought about. Some practical plan, of
course, wc-u!d have to be formed and
the matter of expense might prove a
Ftvmbling block."
The idea is regarded as a novel one,
.but this by no means seemed to mili
tate against it. The suggestion was,
on the cc-ntrary, received to-day with
rr.any expressions of favor. Many Con
gressmen who. for obvious reasons, did
not wish to be quoted were heartily
in favor of such a trip, but expressed
the fear tliat if Congress should vote
an sppropriatic-n for the purpose indi
vidual Congressmen wouid be held to
account by their constituents.
CALL BUREAU, 140G G STREET, N.
TT-. WASHINGTON', Dec. 8.-Senators
and members of Congress were to-day
generally discussing the letter from
Baron <Se Estcmrnells of the French
Chamber of Deputies, in which it was
stated bv the writer that when he
comes to St. Louis in a few months'
time he will be the- mouthpiece for the
French Chamber in giving: the mem
bers of the United States Congress an
invitation to visit the French lawmak
ers in Paris.
Bpedal Dispatch to The Call.
DECISION IS RESERVED
Slim Dockets Afford the Philosophic Presi
dents of Minor Tribunals Opportunities
to Dispense Counsel to Misdemeanants
Senators and Representatives
Discuss the Invitation From
the Chamber of Deputies
Mrs. Vlastp Petitions Court to
Grant Her Weekly Allow
ance Pending: Trial of Suit
CONGRESS MAY
VISIT FRANCE
ASKS SUPPORT
FROM HUSBAND
POLICE JUDGES ADDRESS WORDS
OF WISDOM TO VARIOUS SINNERS
i ¦ .. ¦ x ¦.•¦•¦¦-•. - ¦ ¦ ¦ .: - -¦¦--. -'- ¦ "... •• - t • .
THE SAN -FRANCISCO: CALL, ..WEDNESDAY. DECEMBER \ 9. 1903.
5
ADVERTISEMENTS. „„...
s; ,.':;- U- loss of their girlish forms
AH of this can be avoided,
however, by., the "use of Mother's Friend before baby comes, as this
great liniment - always prepares the body for the strain upon it, »od
preserves the symmetry of her form. Mothcr'5 Friend overcomes all the
danger. of child-birth, and carries the expectant mother safely through
this critical period without pain. It is woman's greatest blessing.
Thousands gratefully tell of the benefit and relief derived from the
use of this wonderful ¦¦•¦
book, telling all about «¦» mm Km
this liniment, will be sent free. '^T^ estOk^/f^h flMSI 4D\ff
Tfes BnWey Rsplittr Co., Afeata, 82. m ®B*&BBf&B
ADVERTISEMENTS. "'. *
Afe 11 B3| yJ^^L tM Hi KJT X E^^^^w nfirlrW MT Yft B M
| No Percentage Drug Store
I FriClStV 11th
I OUR. CHRISTMAS GIFT DAY
9 .'¦.'"'.' ¦'¦'¦-¦': :'t '¦ ; - ¦ ¦. ''; ,.:.:-;...- -' - " , ' '
| We present free to our patrons on the
g above date an elegant dplh 14; inches long,
g handsomely dressed, complete with hat,
g genuine bisque head, with purchases of.
g 50c or over-
| See the dolls in our window.
e Everybody welcome==
| The No Percentage Driig Co.
g 949-951 MARKET STREET !
QO9®ooo©©0CS©©oo9©©o»©©®8®«©©©©©aoo©oea©ooo
ADVZBTISEMENTS.
A REED SIJAKEX
WITH THE WIND
Without Will Power, Courage, Ambi-
tion, Energy or Hope the Dys-
peptic Is Willing to Give Up
the Struggle.
The confirmed dyspeptic has as lit-
tle interest in life as any human be-
ing. He is unfitted for its duties and
is indifferent to its charms. He is un-
able to enjoy the business and social
relations that constitute the life of the
average man. All 'his hopes are ab-
sorbed by the one hope to get well
and again be able to enjoy the good
things of life. Until this is realized
he is sick at heart" and feels himself
to be of little use.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are the
sufferer's tree of life. They will cure
him and bring him health and happi-
ness just as sure and certain as he
takes- them. They are sure because
they are natural and . no other cure
but a natural one is sure. They act
on the food and digest it just as well
as a stomach would. .They contain
exactly the same chemical properties
as the digestive fluids of the stomach.
By putting Stuart's Dyspepsia Tab-
lets in a bottle or jar with any kind
of food, meat, eggs or vegetables, with
sufficient amount of water, the proc-
ess of digestion is carried out just as
it is in a healthy human stomach and
in the same time. There is conse-
quently no unnatural disturbance of
the digestive organs resulting from
the use of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets.
They relieve the weak and worn out
stomach of its work and permit it to
rest up and recuperate and regain its
normal health and strength.
A well known Buffalo physician
says: "I prescribe Stuart's Dyspep-
sia Tablets on al4 occasions as a re-
Jief for weakened and run down stom-
ach?. I find they contain all the in-
gredients necessary far the proper di-
gestion of the food and will do more
to give the stomach-the needed rest
than any medicine *I could prescribe.
They have never failed to give imme-
diate relief in all my cases and.I.do
not hesitate to recommend them to all
sufferers from dyspepsia.".
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are for
sale by all druggists at 50 cents a box.
: * f X THE EMPORItntt ;'", ¦ | ¦: , . THE : EMPORIUM f THE EMPOBIXTM
g '¦ .. . V, .. • ¦ '^j*Jl ***** — — ¦ — : — : *
* Holiday *V^F X?" r -• Hpiiday j»
£ 'Safes *^/jw/?/%tf^Sf^ Saies S
J ; . ****** CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST- .'••". S
$ Going On .' -^^0^^^ auzmcvg grandest stors Going On *
If .-..-¦¦- . ¦ . £
«f In December Instead of January . f*^s§} s^**$fo 5
| 'Women?s Winter Barmenfs tf$^ <^^
| Reduced to Close /(i\A /^ I
S» Gigantic clearing sale of surplus winter stocks is being held It^j, \*sffi\ **
*£ now instead of in January, as is customary. Practical Christmas 7ur^I\
tc gifts at such enormous reductions as these:, v it f I I ilsVA "«
J» 521. 50, Ch:v'i3t Suits. . . . . $1OmOO I Peau ds Sale Coat. . . . $37mSO f'\ < \ /^f' I "*
H' J27. 50 Cheviot Suits $14*95 I75. 00 Broadcloth Su;t.%. . . $5O*0U $/ ij \ / vl "5
If- 130.00 Peau de Soie Coat. . .$18.59 . $100.00 Broidcloth Suit . . . . &67*5O MU \ / ij V . \
}35:oo Zbrlinr Saiti. . . . . #19*75 $2.2 5.00 Imported C;at ... .$7smUO r^MrTA / U \ "' X
J $ 3 S. 50 Cloth C^ts . . . . . $22. SO 00 Imported Costum;. . . $05.00 // ifll . \ M^Jjil , '|\ *
tt $47.50 Wiln* Sulu. . . . . $32m5O $350.00 Imported Cos:amr. . ..$95.00 • HI \ Sr&*J»I I \ *5
* Brcaddcth Suit! . . .$37,50 $500.00 Velvet Costum: . . . $15'JmW i ** !K\r I t \ X
•?¦ - , Alterations on cloth coats, suits and costumes extra. *-» -j >• •*^?tl\ jc
%. 8 One-Third to One-Half Off \
1? /f©V • JSO&to. dQfa \r> #@s/©^ ;. Undoubtedly th: la grst single watch purchas: ever made by a retail firm ia this jf
j^ J^^S^tfy^tyy^fej^^^^^v Stut;. All cf the shsrtlots of a reiia'jl: manufactursr. From z to 30 watchsi of * X
•£ ' ' /^^^^^^^^^^^v^ 0^^^^^^^^ * ? -*\ ' cm^« 2nJ >' d r * n * Kyles in a'.i, now o.t ul: a: an av;rag: of' little more than *J
&' ( (i's f /'z^'i^lw Thrsr v/atcbei hav.- so'U gvi'd, solid silver and gold fillrd cassj, in '.'ita and styles X
fc" jf Sjfe^tStf^^>^^jP^''' .-/__ ¦*$fij?%Ji3' ioT m - n ' wcrT >*n and child.-n. Erery watch is guaranteed a good timtkeeper. It's »J
*>* N^iwA^^^^^^^t^S^y^jJy 4£i)i%s'^ a wonfc ful h>.idajr"chance f.r watch-buysn. *'
% Jj$0B^2 ! sii^!& t ' " Ladits' So id 14-k. Lidiei' Solid Silver Watch:; — Very raa"; h-mtinj case; either -n- .1
X /JfiSy 11 /lH^^^i5»foii|^^^ Gold W«t{h — Open- gn: tu-n-d or pain or fa.-cy en'raveJ $5*85 "2
* Ms 10 /^^M^^W' " Z - cha K a !" r> e ' th:r F ° rshd AUn's Go!d Filled Watches- 1 6 ,zr, satin finished, and polUhei or; *
* WP *~~ s ~^ffl??%'& / ors ' t " f^flfP fane/ engraved huntin? cas;; sale price $6.35 *3
A a T&&B A.iilShiZ&P' C(] ; sa = P ne " &B* Sa *3*9 ,, . c ,.j .... ... . ' . ,. . z
* W^L^5^^ LadiesVI4-k.OoW-f.lcd Watch -Hunt- or fancy bick C1S . M !e prlc, only . ........ S3 6D Z
f£ ing case, fancy eng.-jv ng, in t»i: pretty ana * * * »»
U ropu'ar rl;ur-di-lis di%hn . . . -SOjSO And 46 other sfvlts equally as lore price J. *2
t£ ' - "^ " ... / .:;¦' t{:: «5
% Your protection— our money-back guarantee. %
JJ> |^— »— —«— I ———III III I II !»»— ——— . —— — J€
% In December Instead of January. In December Instead of January. %
t Furniture Reduces! fffrs One-Third Off— |
if 20 ner cent An y Piece in Store *
J ». . • • " w . -. Anathir file en: menth earl er than ordinarily, and right at the Jt
If Until Closing time Christmas eve, your ChOlCe holiday sea,jon when furs are most want.-d. We are ove stocked on •*
\H Of any piece Of furniture (excepting kitchen fur- ace cnt of the contnued warm weather, *o we have decided to re- 5
\i niture) in The Emporium at. a reduction o! 20 per f u " **'"'• inoyr init * a^ ' of ¦ n . th later - Fu:s mikc *»"*** 5
a? , , , , -ru- • „> , a kind and mist acceptable or Christmas presents. Your choice of %
\i cent from regular marked prices. This is glad any pece in Ths Emp p or ; um « one- hird off i
; *[ news for those who looking for practical noli- j,. 75 10 $175.00 neckpiecss, now $#«#7 to $116*67 •
j Jf day gifts'- * :. $9-c° t0 >*3~ r S? fur ca P : % now .... $s. r iO to S88.33 .«
' $20.00 to *375-OO iur coa«, now . . S13-34 to S25O.OU 4*
| Hoiitlay GrOCerieS Immense Christmas Offering. |
\K Mince Meat or Apple Butter-Heinr, 5-pounl crocks ... 70O. EbOttV Bach, SHver-P/JOUnted 3»
!£» Plum Pudd:ng-,Gordtn & Dli«or:h, individuals, tn... . . ' Tnitt*t Antlflt*** '5
X : . . . . 1Oc, » 22c, 40o, 3' 6O0 . • ¦ Tr . ''V™ 5 . . , '•
*C M : xtdNu»j-N--w, ext.a, pou.id. .. ........ .15c C.eaned up a jobber s stock of thest dainty, ebony 'J
£ Cape Cod Cranberries— Quirt . . . . . . ... • . • • 15o back, sterling silver-mounted Mirrors and Brashes, which Ii
if NtwManziniHo Olives -Quirt.. -2JO are now offered at special sale, whi'e the quantity lasts, 5
I \gg$££$2&5§§ : : : : : : : : : : til * mai^fm. For kn,^^ ;;
.Imported Smyrna Fii?s— Pound . . . . . . ... . . . 25o comp.ete set ot Bnuhes and Mirror tha: could no: be fi
! *? New While Adriatic Fig*— i -pound package . .... . 1Oo bought in a caie for doub!e that amount. •*
j *C Recleaned Currant*, or se;de i raisini- Package.. .. . . . IOC Hand Mirrors . .-. . $2m1O'\ Velvet Bru;hrj 59c 3*
|^ Locs; Muscat :1 RVsins — Pound . . . ... ... • . . . 6o CcthBrushei. . . .$1,85 Hair Bmshej 48 O *2
H Crron or Orsng: or Lrmon Peel -Extra g aze, pound . . . . 17c Velv.t Baiihes . . ..3*1.28 \ Ha: Bra h;s . . ... . 48 C «
H Martin's New Eastern Cheeie— Pcund. . .20 a Banner Brushes 78 D «
| Mfot*G Toys ssnd Gsstnes hei*e %
I than in all other stores in San $
| Francisco combined <&<£<&<£&<£ |Police Commissioners Me«t.
The Police Commissioners met last
night and appointed five "new patrol
men, promoted six patrolmen to the
rank of corporal and twelve corporate*
to' the rank of sergeant, according to
a decisrt on arrived at tv/o days ago.
They refused to permit charges to be
made against 1 Patrolman Charles F.
Skelly, < who accidentally ahot a boy
w hlle arresting a highwayman .last
Sunday night, statins that the officer
¦was acting legally and in the lino 6t
his duty when the unfortunate shot .
was fired. The case of Officer Feld.
charged with, murder, will be tried
¦when the commissioners secure an or
der-from the Superior Cdurt to permit
the appearance of the accused before
the board. Both Ralph A. Ery and
Ernst Forst, proprietors. of the Maison
RlcheV appeared* before /.the- board for
a license to conduct the place. The
commissioners refused to take part in *
the dispute now pending before the
courts and agreed to give the license
to some third-person who may be se
lected by the two applicants. A _de
clsionin the case of Patrolman Joseph
G. Bennett was deferred one week.
LADIES' SODALITV HOLDS
ITS ANNUAL. ELECTION
The Ladies 1 Sodality of St. Ignatius
Church announce the following results
of their annual election: Miss Sylvia
O'LoughUn. prefect; Miss Kate ,HaUl
han, assistant prefect; Miss Elizabeth^,'
second assistant prefect; Miss Mairy
Inglis. secretary; Mi3S Bella Burke,
secretary; Miss Jennie Inglis, guardian
of postulants.
Of the twelve consultors, the follow
ing three were confirmed: Miss Mary
Hughes, Miss Gertrude Blake and Mis3
Sadie Larkin. The new members add
ed to .the board are Miss Annie Pothoff,
Miss Mary Neyland. Miss Mettle Frost,
Mrs. M. Ziagler, Miss Annie Farrell.
Miss Catherine Feeley, Miss Mar§raret
Bailie, Miss Cornelia Farrell and Mi33
F. Barr. The regulators named for the
coming, year are Miss Loretta Barr.
Miss Lilli? Crimmlns. Miss Daisy
Burkej Miss Mary Shields. Miss Mary
Nagel. Miss Genevieve Tobin. Miss
Esther Bracken. Miss Ella Grainey.
Miss Isabell Schott. Miss Margaret
Soper, Mi3S Mary Creegan and Miss
Kate Fltzpatrick; librarians— Miss
Loretta Kelly. Miss Mary Brady, Mis«3
Nellie Mahiney and Miss Genevieve
Kelly: assistant librarians — Miss Elea
nor Sooy. Miss Edith Paul and Miss
Mae Raphael: organist— Mis3 Annio
Griffith; assistant organist— Miss Lou
ise Benard: marshals — Miss Alice An
drews. Miss Carrie Hall. Miss Winnie
Kennedy. Miss Annie Mahoney. Mis3
Sadie Larkin. Miss Gertrude Blake and
Miss Agnes Mahoney; vestry prefect—
Misa Agnes Mahoney; antiphonarlans—
Mrs, Gonzales. Miss Leonaide McKin
non arrd-Mi3S Mary McLaughlin.
can raise frvll Is net aU to' It* by any nie.il.?
An Industrial exhibit is -more Important.
CELEBRATES GREAT EVENT.
J. A. Filcher, pommisslbner of Cali
fornia to the World's Fair,, '.was the
next speaker. His speech in part was
as follows:
•In all times, so, far as we. are atfvlscd.^man
klnd has .been accustomed,- In one form or
another, to celebrate great events. Pursuant
to this custom it Is very : natural that .'the
United Statea should cejebrate the acquisi
tion of one of its most .Important pieces of
territory. • ¦ '/ ?¦( ¦
In 1803 the so-called Louisiana Territory,
lying on the Amerlcsn continent and extend
ing from the Gulf of .Mexico -.to the -.British
posrcsslona on the nbrth '.and from the Mis
sissippi Ulver to' the summit of the ' Rocky
Mountains on the west, was purchased' from
France by the United States Government, the
negotiations on the part of President Jeffer
son being conducted by his Minister to France,'
Robert R. Livlnsston. and on j the part of
Napoleon nonararte then First' Consul of,
the republic of France by his Minister, Fran
cols Barbe-Marbols
The sum paid for this Territory 1 was $15,000,
000 United States money. ~* The Importance
of this acquisition though great at- the time,
was not realized. ' It gave the United -State*
control of the Mississippi River system and
extended ltn title over a territory greater
than" the original area of the country. Out
of this vast domain fourteen States and Ter
ritories have since been carved— Louisiana,
Arkansas Missouri Iowa. Minnesota. Okla
homa, Indinn Territory. Kansas. Nebraska,
South Dakota. North Dakota. Colorado. Wy
oming, and Montana. At the suggestion of
the French Minister the boundaries on the
west were left undefined, and Immediately
after the purchase thp Lewis and Clark ex
pedition started- from St. Louis, and explored
the Northwest • to the Pacific, eo as to sup
port the title by right of discovery and oc
cupation. - -¦ ¦ - ; ¦ ¦ i' 1 "''
Thus the Louisiana purchase made possible
a. country under one government reaching
from the Atlantic to the Pacific and estab
lished the prestige of the United States on
thp North American continent.
It wr* in the Congresses of the trans-MiEsis
slppl States that the question of .celebrating
this purchase was first suggested. After re
peated agitation a convention finally assembled
In St. I^outs on the 10th of January, 1890, com
prised of ninety-three delegates, appointed by
the Governors of the respective States and Ter
ritories of. the purchaser This convention ap
pointed an executive Committee, with the. Hon.
David R. Francis. ex-Governor of Missouri, as
chairman. They : ' decUed -on celebrating the
event by a great world's exposition and settled
on St. Louis, the most Important city within
the limits of the purchase, as the place for
holding the sarne.' They prepared -.a plan for
raising the money to build the buildings and
defray the general expenses of the undertaking.
They fixed the amount at $15,000,000. the same
as had been imid to France for,. the Louisiana
Territory. "One-third of this. was to be raised
by private subscription, ona-^hlrd by the city
of St. Louis, and one- third was' to bo asked
from the General Government. Early . In the
year 1901 the private subscription was com
pleted. t Soon afterwords St. Louis, authorized
the issuance cf $3,000,000 of municipal, bonds.
In March of the same year the Senate finally
passed the House bill appropriating ?5.000,000
by the General Government. This action es
tablished the success of the stupendous under
taking. A proclamation was Issued -by. Presl
"dent McKlnley Inviting' the nations of the
world to participate. ..This was disseminated
through • our . country'* representatives at for
eign courts, and up to this time It Is gratify
ing to state. that about fifty foreign countries
have signified their intention to take part In
this world's congress." . .* . ,'v»V- - .
EXPOSITION'S EXTENT.
The ground selected ""comprised the west half
of Forest Park and Includes between 1200 and
1300 acres. Fifteen large: buildings have been
erected by i the • exposition authorities for the
Installation of the exhibits, which. In their en
tirety, will embrace tncarly alienations and
every worthy effort of man as showing progress
In intellectual pursuits and Industrial develop
ment. These fifteen buildings In the aggregate
cover J28 acres • af •• floor space, -and their im
mensity* can be appreciated when It Is known
that the total acreage covered by the floors of
the Columbian Exposition, held ten years ago
In Chicago, covered only 82 acres. The largest
building is that Intended to house the displays
of agriculture. thU building being 500 feet wide
by 1600, feet long; or nearly as • wide as two
.blocks and as long as five blocks of that por
tion of the city north of Market street. ,- Thirty
seven 'of the States 'are participating in* this
prand. exposition.^ ami it is estimated that the
aggregate 'expenditure _of- States and< foreign
countries.", added -t6'-. those' of I the 'eWorld's Fair
.management.* will* reach-, the', enormous* sum *of
$50, 000,000." Thltr is v nearly « twice ' a* ' much* as
the total amount expended for' preparation at
the Cnlcago exposition, which vas ?2S,000,000.
The splendid ¦ and extensive grounds, which
irlve *n picturesqueness to the scene by reason
of ,thelr undulating ¦ character, will be most
beautifully laid out... one of the most striding
features. being the terrace- garden* and cas
cades, back or which will be a bcrcen or per
istyle fitteen hundred feet long, with ft tower
at either end and ths grand festival hall rising
from the renter. It is Intended that the elec
tric illuminations shall eclipse everytnlng here
tofore undertaken on earth.
OUTLOOK IS ENCOURAGING.
The outlook for exhibits is mort than en
couragfnc'and we are advised that every foot
of available space I in ¦ the grand exposition
bulldlnrs Is applied for two or three times
over and.- applications continue to come In.
Thft athletic and Interesting events and In
ternational-congresses will afford a continuous
ovation;
The city' of St. Louis has a population of
about feOO.OOO and extends about twenty miles
on the Mississippi River, ana covers sixty-two
•square: miles. It, is the center of many rail
rood systems; the trains of • twenty-four lines
enter the Grand Union. Station of that city.
St. Louis has one of the finest railroad depots
ln> the .world, with thirty-two tracks, and
covers' eleven, acrea, of ground.
The- city hafc two splendid street railroad
systems and It is believed with the additions
and -Improvements being, made by both steam
and electric railroad companies ample facil
ities will D2 afforded for handling the thronirs
which will vl*lt ' thin world's congress. St.
Louis has to-day more than one hundred hotels
and many new ones are In course ;-t Construc
tion. One tn particular will be known as the
Inside Hotel and will he located innldc th»
grounds, and !s calculated to accommodate 3000
guests. . » . -'
Times ' are good In thl3 city and they are
fairly, prosperous In the world. All Americans
are proud of the Louisiana purchase and ot
the great results that have come from it.
Every indication, gives • promise of the ex-,
'position being- a grand success. Th.e work of
preparation Is well advanced and there- Is lit
tle doubt that on the Cay set for ©penlnsr.
May 1,' 1004, It will be nearer completion than
any world's fair eVer held. Foreign countries,
as - 1 have- intimated, are participating very
¦generously. .Germany,- England /and France
are each expending over $7<)O,00O in preparation
for their- 1 part-of.- the display, while > Brazil.
Mexico and Japan each . have appropriated
more than half a million dollars. When little
Japan, our. distant neighbor on\the west, and
In. which this country has a deep commercial
interest, sees fit to spend half a million dol
lars to exploit her : possibilities In America It
is certainly, important that San Francisco, the
port- of -America' nearest -to Japan, and the
great commercial center of America's Pacific
Coast, should put herself In evident and pre
pare to reap some of the benefits at this great
world's exposition.
MAYOR SCHMITZ SPEAKS.
When . Commissioner ¦ Filcher had
concluded his very able speech, and
the applause had subsided. President
Symrnes announced the presence of the
Mayoxvand i there " were ; cries" from all
partsof the hall for the popular chief
executive. • i. The ; Mayor- was unpre
pared,'but' as'usual. made an excellent
speech. . .He spoke as follows:
v Chairman . and Members of ; the Merchants'
Association: Not. being on the programme for
an address, I thought this evening that I would
have tha pleasure of , being, a listener, as it is so
seldom' that. I have. that opportunity. " I have
heard some very magnificent speeches to-night
and 1 1 1 have ' been taught a great deal. I be
lieve .each' and -every, one of "you, -by the re
marks • that have been- made to-night, realize
that it Is your duty as citizens to have an ex
hibit at St. Louis that will i be ; commensurate
with -the standing and size of a city like San
Francisco. ¦' •:¦.•"¦'•-•-.•• -•'¦*•¦*. .*.--.
Last Monday I. called the "attention of the
Supervisors to th«t fact that .we should make a
¦municipal exhibit at the coming World's Fair
and; they have taken It under - consideration
and, while \ , cannot, speak; for them.' there are
many here to-night who can speak for them
selves. I want to say,, however. • that I believe
there 'will not be one member of the Board of
Supervisors who will not do everything in his
power to mfike an exhibit for San Francisco
a- success as we believe It should be.
So far as I am concerned, . personally JI am
going to" do/ my part: Through the medium
of ' the • press St. Louis has been made -to be
lieve that San Francisco • was presided' over
by. a monster called a labor Mayor, who was
In 4 favor; of anarchy -and "all: that destroys'." 1 - 1
Intend to. give myself a leave of . absence and
go to- St.'. Louis a«r an exhibit to < disprove -tha
(feeling.* -;V -'.. ;-¦_--. ¦-.-.¦, ,.. ..^vi,.,^.., -,-..*•,>¦¦
¦?"As I stated when I arose' I 'do 'cot -'intend
PROMINENT CITIZEN'S WHO -SPOKE ELOQUENTLY AT ANNUAL
BANQUET OF MERCHANTS' ASSOCIATION LAST NIGHT ON POS
SIBILITIES OF EXHIBIT AT THE ST. LOUIS EXPOSITION.
you can rest assured- that whatever "tends to
make San Francisco known not only to the
United States but to the whole world, as the
most unique . city, as a city of natural ad
vantages and to attract Ftransrer3 here; what
ever can be done to bring about that 'result,
you will always find your ¦ executive officer
ready and willing to co-operate with you. /. ¦
I can't help mentioning a'so to-ni2ht that I
hope in next September when I <lo - visit St.
Louis that. I will be able to take r.ith ma to
the people of St. . Louis, the news that ,we are
a peaceful people, believing in peace and that
we are living in peace and that. pur. merchant
princes and our employers have extended ! the
hand of friendship to the hosts of labor and
that both are working together, realizing that
one Is a benefit to the other; working together
for the advancement and for the b^autiflcatlon
of our city of San Francisco. I Cianlc.you.
SPEECH BY MR. DE YOUNG.
There, were cries for Mr. de Young
and the well known citizen , was called
upon by President Symmes to express
hi3 views. Mr. de Young was unpre
pared but made a very good speech.
He discussed the Isthmian and .Nlca
raguan canals and pointed out the im
portance of building the former. He
also approved of the plan to exhibit
the progress of San Francisco at the
coming world's fair and expressed his
willingness to contribute to its success.
In the course of his speech he said:
I think it is unfair to call upon me so-sud
denly. I came here to-night like the rest, of
you did. to listen to the able speeches of the
gt-ntlemen who were named to speak to-night
on the topic, "Shall San Francisco Exhibit at
the St. Louts Exposition?" and I heard the an
swer In your applause, that you ought to ex
hibit, and I agree with you. But the mest se
rlcus part of that question Is. -what are you go-
Ing to exhibit': Men and women; buildings of
the town? What are you going to exhibit? I
listened to the speakers, . and from their re
marks I gather that they suggest figures show
ing the depcslts in bank. It would be better
to show the deposits themselves. (Laughter.)
t But It is a serious question. What can a
great commercial city exhibit? A topographi
cal map? Yer.. that's a good thing; anybody
can make that. Whot can they exhibit? Well,
they forget a very important point. - They can
exhibit her manufactories. They are very im
portant. One cf the gtMUlemen who spoke to
night referred, to the mining exhibit of one
firm. In mining machinery it Is a well known
fact that we excel the. world; that in San Fran
cisco—the greatest machinery has been bu!!t. I
allude to the machinery that was built to mine
the Comstock. : *
•.We ought to make a great exhibit of mining
machinery and let the orders come back to us.
You will remember year? .ago we sent a carload
cf mining machinery across the continent' for
South Africa. %nd soon orders began to come
back to us. Then we had a strike; the molders
went out, and. in order to carry out our con
tracts, we had to send to Chicago, and soon
Chicago began to fill our contracts and soon
they captured our mining machinery busine^?
Gentlemen, we ought to make an effort to
make a great exhibit in that line.
Tttera are In this town 100 different kinds of
manufactories. You may not know it but it is
true. An effort should be made to show up this
character of the manufactories we have Th»re
Is no reason in the world why we who stand
here at the open gate to the Qrlcnt and see the
goods that are used in that country. com« from
\ul~ t 1 ' ,} V i ca ?\ mak « them In this city and
!he^ amended h ' PPed t0 the tO ~ Wch
When the applause had concluded.
President Symmes ... announced that
there would be. no further speeches
and that the evening's programme was
at an 'end. The success of the annual
banquet was attested by the burst of
enthusiasm displayed by the metrfbers
and guests as they filed cut. The va
rious speakers were congratulated for
their able addresses and the merchants
agreed that it was one of the most
successful affairs of its kind ever held
by the Merchants' Association.
GUESTS AT BANQUET. '
The list of guests present at the ban
quet was as follows:
E. Andrews. J. W.Amrath. Lewis H." Allen.
A. Anner. Leo E. Alexander, Michael S. Alex
ander. Charles R. Allen. H.. B. Arnold, George
Alpcrs. . . - ¦ . -.
• B.' Eroeinmel. Frederick W. Baker. Albert
W. nender. A. F. Barnard. J. L. Buchan H
H. Braun. O. D. Baldwin. George A. Batchel
der.-J. B. Bocarde.. Edward L. Bald w»i. Alfred
A. Batkln, Emlle Bauer. II. . Bird. -Charles
Bundschu, John Bayle, E. A. Bernhard D.
Blagl, ' Samuel Burger. M. A. : Breus» ' c 3
Benedict. E. E. Bergln. George C Brou'ne O.
Beatty. G.us Brunner. S. L. Bernstein. David
Bush. A:- S. Baldwin. Charles E. Bancroft '
Arthur • R. . Briggs, Samuel Braunhart • H U
Brandensteln. James P. Booth. Dr. Charles
Boxtori. * r . ' ¦ '
, J. P. Currier. Jesse C. Colman.i Clarence Col
man, Alexander J. " Cook, • Chevalier O. Cale
garls." W. F. Cordes. H. C. Capwell. T. J
Crowley, J. Fessenden Clark, D.A. Curtln. Ed
ward B. Cutter, Slg. • Cahen. W. ¦ E. Cumback.
D. Campbell. A. Christeson. Foster P. Cole. r>r
L. ' C." Cox. • H. M. • Cochran. Robert • Coulter, w"
W.. Coulter. .William Corbln. John CfcnTrey W
H. Crlm, General S. P. Chlpman, A. Cerate Jr."
John Connor.- . ...
, ' P., A. Daniels, Edward E. Drake. Eugene O.
dVjne>at"Tiorne never receives full appreciation
until it has won foreign approval. From the
most ancient i times it was known that a
prophet Is not' without honor save in his own
country, in California we are so far away
from rivals that we have little opportunity
to measure ourselves by others and thertby
lrarn the true value of what we have achiev
ed.- The consequence Is we underrate our
fflvts. entf'are In the habit of speaking mock
ingly of our own work, as lf,1t were of no
Importance when compared with what has
been done In Chicago, New Tork and Boston.
Out of the custom ot attributing most
of our greatness to certain natural advan
tages of situation-, resources and climate,
white neglecting to give due credit to th«
v.-ork of enterprlFing men and women among
us. we have developed a pernicious public
tentiment which serlouniy interferes with
every effort at rousing the community to un
dertake any great enterprise. When we cease
to brag on our climate and our big trees
and begin to direct the attention of the world
to the work that has been done here by hu
man energy and skill we will not only at
tain a higher prestige abroad, but. what is
of far mere importance, we will have a higher
degree of- public confidence at home and a
prouder civic patriotism, to appeal to In every
emergency that hereafter arises. •
HAVE MORE THAN CLIMATE.
Few people beyond the Uockles are aware
that there Is anything worth noting in San
Francisco beyond a climate, a Chinatown and a
Cliff House. They do not know what work his
betn dene by enterprising men In and around
San Francisco during the last fifty years. That
work, however, has been one of the marvcle of
human achievement. We can safely challenge
the attention cf the world to it in well nigh
every line cf human endeavor from building
railroads to writing poetry, from propagating
new varieties of truit to the construction of
peerless battleships, from the exploitation of
deep mines to the creation of new ideals of
beauty In music, in painting and in sculpture.
In short, within the last fifty years the men of
California have done more new things and more
great things than any equal population has
done in any other State of the Union" or any
other part of the world.
San Francisc-o In all her variety of. Industrial,
commercial, artistic and social activity ought to
be exhibited at' St. Louis comprehensively, mag
nificently and impressively as an illustration
of what American energy has produced In the
lifetime of a single generation. In all this time
we have done more erM talked less about it
than any other American community. We have
fallen into a habit of underrating our own work
and our own people, it is therefore important
that we put our city en exhibition side by side
with the great cities of ths Union so that we
may tee vriiere we stand and learn to rightly
appreciate not only our climate and our harbor,
but our merchant!), manufacturers, shipbuilders,
architects, artisans, bankers, artists and In
short f.ll of our fellow citizens. ' I am satisfied
that the result will be beneficial In every way,
and that we shall all have a truer civic patriot
ism and a more acnured confidence In the abili
ties and the virtues of our fellow citizens fnyn
having beheld their works formed In the ap
plause where they're extended.
SAN FRANCISCO'S GROWTH.
"What we can do. and how to do it,"
was. the subject of Willian H. Mill3 J
speech. He showed a deep knowledge
of, the conditions of this State and its
needs. He appealed to the citizens of
Ban Francisco to send an. exhibit to St.*
Louis that would fittingly represent
its progress, and the growth of the
queen city of the Pacific Coast. In
part he said:
What can San Francisco show? What are
we, capable of showing to the -world? In the
first place, we can show a condition of growth
and progress, and that is all, to 'a world's ex
position. AVe can show a condition of growth
and progrets almost unparalleled by any city
in the United States. .
What shall we exhibit? In the» first place
the mest important matter is, we must exhibit
our harbor. You must have a harbor in order
to have a great commercial history.- and we
have undoubtedly the best harbor in the world.
What we want is to demonstrate that the pres
ent frontage Is not equal to the present de
mands of commerce — and not s equal to the
future. There Is plenty harborage here for a
city of five millions of people. That fact must
be demonstrated, and it can. be demonstrated
by a relief map, but In order to make that map
interesting you must show Tamalpais. with its
scenic beauty; Mount Diablo, the. State Uni
versity, the Lick Observatory, one of the prop
erties cf that university: the Stanford Univer
sity and If possible take in the 3800 acres of
magnificent forest which the State now owns
and now known as. the Big Basin Park. Let
me say there is no empire, no netlon in the
world that can boast In the ownership of an
object that will compare with the 3800 acres
which California owns and which are situated
in Santa Cruz County. ,¦
. The next thing that will be necessary Is to
represent the street transportation of this city,
and • next is to represent the social life and.
religious opportunities, the educational advan
tages it possesses, and with Its two univer
sities to close to San Francisco we can show
that; •:'¦.-!• ' . v ¦ ; . : - -
QUOTES THE PRESIDENT.
Heaven has not lighted a great city here for
itself, 'but for the benefit of thoee. upon whom
that light -will shine, and one of the greatest
expositions ' of * this principle that-, has > been
made In modern times. Is -found -in President
Roosevelt's message published this morning,
when he declares that- the people who claim
to own the Isthmus have In their charge that
Which is a trust and cannot be reduced in pri
vate ownership; and he declares that whereas
the Panama canal is to be built, then by the
eternal gods it shall be built and, the United
States Khali build It. v V . .... -
Mr. McNaught has said. we have exploited
our fruits and products. ,San Francisco can
exhibit all the products of California because
here they have their commercial expression.
A grat city -Is the exponent of its. district:
.Without a great city a great commonwealth
cannot Hi i ilQnitffftl"VTTIIfi|' r *r«"'"jS1JW'HII" < Ili'l
Here Is the greatest opportunity 5 San Fran
cisco hns ever had.'. Et.^ Louis is nearer in miles
to the Pacific. Coast, than any point at, which
a World's -, F.alr : has b«enheld. : The " people
who will (ro to Bt. Louis will , be so near the
Pacific Coast that vast numbers will be'in
duced to come . to San Francisco. They ¦ might
an well come on; and visit the .Pacific Coast.;
Here la the opportunity to attyict visitors that
are - looklns over the world-- to expand' their
minds. Leave San Francisco but -and: Califor
nia will amount to little. What of It that you
can raise fruit? 'The demonstration that • you
fhould be In fifty years from thi* t.ir.e. AVe
have to-day a population of 40O.<>00. and in
the next fifty years we can count on one
trillion. We murt prepare for the Increase
and make our home attractive tcr the i new
cvrr.trr.
President Symmes then dwelt upon
the necessity of an underground sys
tem of travel on Market street, the
preservation of the Twin Peaks district
for residences, the use of the Rincon
Hill district for manufacturing, the
urgert reed of a vast convention hall
and a great stadium, similar to the one
at the State University grounds.
Th« speaker referred to the big con
ventions that have been held In this
city in the last ten years and declared
that th* people of San Francisco had
not learned the true value of these
jjatheringH.
BAD FEATURES ADVERTISED.
President Symmes then said that San
Francisco bad advertised its worst fea
tures Ir.stead of its best.
"But Chinatown," he continued, "has
lost its charm, because it .has been
whitewashed. We have advertised to
the Faloon-keer=er that he can conduct
his business here at a far less cost than
in other cities, and we have let the
country know of the demoralizing ef
fect? of horseracing which we counte
nance.
"It is our duty to devise a plan for
the next lifty years and do some of
the work each year.
"To-night It is our project to adver
tise our city at the St. Louis fair, for
all rations and all cities will be repre
sented there, and San Francisco must
not be left out."
President Symmes then introduced
John McNaught, who was scheduled to
speak on the topic, "'Why San Francis
co Should Make a Special Display at
the St. Louis Exposition."
Mr. MeNaught was given a hearty
reception when he arose to speak and
his remarks were frequently met with
applause. At the close of his address
the guests continued cheering for some
time and the speaker was compelled to
arise and thank his hearers for their
hearty reception.
In speaking on his allotted subject
Mr. McNaught said in part:
REASON FOR DISPLAY.
In undertaking to tell you why San Fran
cisco should mak? a display at the St. Louis
.Exposition I am not venturing to answer a
conundrum and you will not expect an answer
nor an argument novel enough to furnish you
an amusing surprise. The question, indeed, car
ries its answer with It as a foregone con
clusion, bring much the same as the question
which a maiden puts when she asks her lover,
"Why do you love me? To that question it Is
well understood the lover shall reply. "I love
you because I would be a blind fool if I didn't."
Bvtn bo must we answer: The reason why We
chould make an exhibit at St.. Louis is that
we rhali be blind fools If we don't.
The philosophy underlylnjt the relations or
men toward tbe competitions and struggles of
life h.i? had full and fine expression in the
argunvnt which Shakespeare in the play ot
"Trollus and Crr-ssida" puts into the mouth of
Ulysses when urging Achilles to cease sulking
in his tent and to take part . in the battles
around Troy:
No man "Is lord of anything.
Though in and of Mm there be much con
sisting.
T1U he communicates his parts to others;
Nor doth he of himself know them for aught
Till he behold them formed in -the applause
w-fcere they're extended.. .. .-... ¦ ¦ ;»
San Francisco is a city of which Shakespeare
would have raid that "In and of it there la
much consisting." It holds tne strategic point
where the traffic of tht? richest, of continents
meets the commerce of the vastest of oceans;
it has a harbor capable of sheltering the fleet*
of the world; a climate unsurpassed; a tribu
tary country rich In every supply of industry
and of luxury; a population drawn from the
stroncest, the most resourceful and the most
artlttic of races; a wealth in proportion " to
population hardly exceeded by that of any
other tlty on the globe, and;' opportunities of
incalculable value springing not from the con
ditions of a day, but inherent' in the very na
ture of things. All of these advantage?, how
ever, avail nothtne toward the attainment of
lordship over the Industries of /the continent
r.r the trade of ¦ the sea . unless the rleht use
l>e made of' them; and the right use. ins Shake
rpeare raid. Is that cf communicating- them to
others. ~ - • •,
IS COMMERCIAL. CENTER.
On the second; wore, due' consideration must
be givtn to *be familiar truth that what is
There are two "reasons why San" Francisco
should make at the St. Louis Exposition a com
prehensive display of the energies of : her peo
ple : Flrtt, because such a display . will be
reressary to demonstrate to the world the im
portance of the city as a commercial I and an
industrial center: second, • because it is • Im
portant that we achieve something; that will
stimulate our local pride and develop that spirit
cf public self -confidence which Is so essential
to the welfare of any community.'
Upon the first ncore it is to be noted
that if San Francisco does not make a worthy
exhibit. the exposition will show Los Angeles
as ' eeemingly the ' foremost California city,
while Seattle will. Impress observers as '. the
metropolis of our P*dflc Ocean commerce. It
is true that there will be some 1 people- who
will remember us and note our. absence,
but most visitors ¦ will not. The exposi
tion 18 to.be in- Missouri, and the visitors
who attend it will do as Mlssourians do —
they will asli un . to show them. We
cannot expect them to believe .what they
do not i see. Therefore, " for the sake of
asserting our rightful place on the coast and
In the commerce of the world, we must make
a showing . that no visitor will overlo<fli.'
Four hundred and fifty gentlemen,
representing *the commerce of San
Francisco, aieembJeS last evening at
thp sixth annual banquet ot the Mcr
«.hants' Association of this city, held
at the Palaco Hotel. .
The gathering was a notable one In
every respect. Prominent bankers, im
porters, merchants, producers, manu
facturers and representatives, of every
class of industry met at the banquet
table, all imbued with but one idea—
that the advantages and resources of
San Francisco must be advertised to
the world and especially so at the
forthcoming World's Fair at St. Louis
- The barquet was set for 6:30 p. m.
and the guests assembled in the par
lor on the first floor of the Palace Ho
tel and enjoyed business and social
converse.
When th-? announcement was made
that dinner was ready the merchants
and their friends marched to the. la
dies' grill room on the ground floor, the
scene of the banquet.
The room presented a brilliant ap
pearance. Extending the entire length
of. the room on one side vas the main
table, where the officials of the Mer
chants' Association and the principal
guests were allotted Beats. •
From th<» main table thirteen tables
were set at ripht angles, extending
across the large room.
ELABORATE DECORATIONS
The decorations were entirely in red.
Silver candelabra were s&t at intervals
en the banquet board, the lighted can
dles being shaded with red silk hang-
Ing?. Quantities of red carnations and
autumn leaves were artistically placed
upon the tables. »
At one end of the room were draped
two American flags and behind the
chair of the president of the associa
tion was displayed a large map of the
¦norld. showing San Francisco as the
cr-nter of commerce.
President Frank J. Symmes of the
Merchants* Association was supported
on his right by Mayor Schmltz. WS II.
Mills and F. \V. Dohrmann. and on the
left cf the president were seated J. A.
Filcher. Commissioner of California to
the World's Fair, and John McNaught.
manager of the San Francisco Call.
Prominent city officials and officers
of the Merchants' Association were also
ppatcd at the main table.
A superb dinner was enjoyed by the
guests and th<* wines were exclusively
California products. An artistic pro
gramme of music was rendered during
the serving <^f the feast and the guests
gave themselves uj> to discussing the
delicacies furnished by the chef and
Interlarding the meal with pleasant
conversation.
DWELL OS ONE TOPIC.
A feature of the gathering was the
limitation of the number of speakers.
Tho committee of arrangements made
a decided hit with the guests by not
furnishing a Ions list of toasts to be
responded to.
An innovation wa? made in having a
few prominent citizens discuss one giv
en topic and that was "San Francisco's
Display at the St. Louis Exposition in
190*."
In addition to President Symmes. the
speakers o% the evening were W. H.
Mills. J. A. Filcber, . John McNaught,
Mayor Sehmitz and M, H. de Young.
The addresses of the speakers of the
evening were listened t6"witn rapt at
tention and were rewarded with con
siderable applause. The guests were
carried away by enthusiasm . when
lome of the speakers told of the great
work done by the residents of San
Francisco and all seemed to get a bet
ter understanding of the main idea pro
mulgated that the resources and ad
vantages of the city should be properly
advertised to the many millions of
people that will gather in St. Louis at
the forthcoming exposition from every
quarter of th« civilized world.
PRESIDENT SYMMES SPEAKS.
It was close upon 9 p. m. when Presi
dent Symmes arose and called the
guests to order. President Symmes
vas received with loud applause and in
addressing the gathering said in part:
Gentlemen. Distinguished Quests and Mem
bers of the Merchants' Association: It is with
rreat pleasure that I welcome you to this bixth
annual dinner cf our association. It is net
that we are only elx years old.'but in our early
days we were not placed to enjoy so bountiful a
lesrt bx we have had f-t before us to-m.?b.t v
The Merchants' Association is good and
rtrong and very healthy, and we think that San
Francisco should be proud of this organization.
It is composed of good rtock and has been well
brought up under the guidance of He father.
Mr. Dohrinann. and the board of directors and
our w-tretary, Mr. King. .
The Merchants' Association has passed
through mauy trials. It is not well to boast,
neither Is it well to hide our Ucht under a
busty 1. In the last year we have completed
three good things in particular, consisting of
the public' convenience on Stockton street, the
farety »itation at Third and Market streets and
the widening of Third street.. • ; .
In the widening of Third street our associa
tion did most valuable work, and . the capacity
of travel on that street has been doubled.
Another important work has been the estab
lishment of the charitable, indorsement com
mittee, which has caved considerable money, to
the merchants and has kept funds away from
undeserving beggar*.
Let u» now turn our attention to -the future.
It i« the tntPOiion of the Merchants' Associa
tion to aid In the proper expenditure of the
bond issue voted by the people, amounting to
Sl*,0CU,000 We again pledge our devotion to
the civil service reform and to keep an eye on
th* Civil EervW Commission and to see that
every department of the city government must
live up to ite principles.
It t* npreesary that some one or some organ
ization murt look out for the, common good.
This aevociaticn is organized ' to make San
Francisco cleaner, better locking and better be
hsved. - • ¥ - • .' . \
The bigger, the. city the less the average cit
izen do"* hl« civic duty, hence' the need of
this associat'en. . There are two kind* of hon
ert men before the public, men financially
honest and men morally voand. . Men are
needed who do not use their office for the
benefifof their friends or to reward 'polltlc&l
service?.. Men are 'needed who aro honest all
through. tuch men the city will not
te rebbed'er its eervants corrupteJ,
" HOXEST 3IEX ARE XEEDED.
It is difficult to find honest men, hence there
f s fo ' rou«*i corruption. The men who are
needed In civic coi-ernmcnt are men' who have
no ax to grind. I do not mean to say that
there «.re net honest men in civic Government
or In larce corporations, but we realize that
en* crooked man may corrupt a City Council
or the directors of a corporation.
If we denire to reform conditions we must
commence at home. Let each man reform
himself and he will reform others.
If our city is rot. well governed it is be
cause the common " people fall In their -civic
duty. Every citizen rnurt do hln.jiroper duty.
He accept* the benefit* of #over*iraent. - but
lie Is not willing to do his duty. This Is
shown by the recent election when one-third
of the voters went to the i>olls to vote on the
cxi»«?nd1ture of $18/»00,M>t».
We tr« her* to-night to review cur clans
for the future. ".We rawt look . In advance.
The ploocers did not build this city lor mil-
lions; they never realized - that such a thing
wii r.'sslble. But we do and we must work
for th*. Greater San Francisco of fifty or one
hundred years henre.
, Wo rhould consider what San Francisco
to dilate upon the speechrs that have been
made to-nlsht. or to take up your ttrne. Th#
ground- has been thoroughly covsn-ti. but I
want to say in conclusion that am a native »on.
born of one of th« pioneers of this city, wno
always had the welfare ot the city at heart.
Davis, Henry Dernhara. George A. Davis. An
drew M. Davis. Janj«a H. Dooilttle, E. G. Den
niston. R. D. Davis. A.' T. da Forest.' W. Nofc/ d
LMckinson. HubbarU Uur.bar, Wlll::m J. L>iu
ton. Ritchie- 1^. Dunn, II. II. d» Youuir. K. j.
iJitdge. Colonel E. A. Denicke. Dr. C Delrh
mlller, W. E. Dennison. A: If. »"." Dohrmann.
F. W." Dchrmann. Dr. A. A D'Ancona,
F. H. Ellis. Dwlght t^lwardii. Georce W.
Emmor.j, C. II. Kvans», J. C. Everdlns. J. A.
Kveleth. Frederick Eijsers. -
S.-.Ii- Ko'.ger. C K. Ford. . Morris Fe!ntuck.
Henry Frohman. Richard Kahy. Panford Fetx
tnbium, M.' W. Fl»-mtn^. James J. Fa«ta:i.
George H. Fuller. George C. Fuller. , Mi;tor> L>.
Feder. A. Fortera. A. L. . Frank. O. C. Flaher.
B. Faymonville. S. FMcngK, O. K. FrinK.
H. S. Foote Jr.. M. J. Fontaca, T. Cary Frle'i
lanrter. J. A. Filcher.
George Greer.iwelg", J. G. Gloating. F. XT.
Greenwood Walter S. Orav, John It. Gcodall.
M. Garcia. A. P. Glannlni. Max Goldman.
Thomas A. Oraham. A. 'H. Greenbers. M.
Greenebaum V»V M. Gardiner. Henry Gund
lach. Charles R. Gagan. C. E. Grunsky. .
Henry Hickmar. William L. Hughson.. AI
nhcnfe HliTch Jr.. AJphonse Hlrsch. Georce
Warren Hr-oper, R. W. Hills William tt
Hunt. John Hoey. Charles F. Hoey. r> A
Hulse. • E. L. Huet-r. James Hopk. . Uonel
Ifeynemann.. A. C Hopktnson S. f;. Hindef.
John W Hovt F O. Hammer. A. \^ . IIuB?in3.
John RHahsen/R. G. Hamilton. II J. .HI*,
j T Hurley. C. II. Hllbert. R. B. Haje. M«
fihal'liale, Oscar Heyman. O«org« "W . Haaj.
Reuben C. Haas. O. C. HaslettC A Hawk-
Ins J. R. Hllier. Charles Webb Howard.
Thomas Hod?e. L. M. Hoeffler. Charles Hol
bro<;k A. D. Himmelnaan. Ocar Hocks.
Samuel C. Irving. S. Ickelheirr.er. George A.
InnM.JI.^nnis. wlUUm n Jor .
dan.' Alphon»« Judin. Arthur U Judto. Ceorre
A. Johnston. H. T. James. J. H. Jennlnjp. John
r> Je«»up. William E. Joslyn. T. L. Johnson. U.
Jockerp. Samuel P. Johnston. •
A Kains L. M. Kaiser. William Kaufmann,
Joseph B. Keenan. James W. ICerr. A. L._Kerr,
W F Krotl Fred J. Kcster. John A. Kmt«r,
John Karsten.«en. A. S. Katten. M. S. Kohl
b«rp. 1*. M. King. • .
Otto Lans. Aufruat Lan«. Leonard
Herbert E " Law. Dr. Hartland Uw -SamiK-l
M. Levenson. John Lubben. C. P. Laulpsreiv
R. P Lathrop. J. Lacoste. C. J. Leonard. 'W»b
liam G. Loewe. P. R. Lund, T. C. Law«on. J.
B Levison. C. G. Larson. Alfred Laxsen, Dr.
T. B. W. Leland, T. Lundstedt. .
Doane Merrill. J. F. Maroney, John McCaw.
William Metiner. D. R. MOJeilt. James Mc-
Nab Gavin McXab Professor .Georgre Otis
Mitchell, Byron Mauzy. F. W. O, Moebun. Her*
bert B. Mafrgs. Roy Mauvals. William D. Mc-
Cann. Joseph Marks, A. H. Martin. A. J. Mc-
Nlcoll. E. Hall Mozart. Clarence E. Musto. A.
Muller W. C MeCloskey. A. W. Mahone. Wil
liam F. Mitchell. Ctiarles Maiticini, James A.
McCullcuKh. li.'C. Miller. William A. Majjee.
L. R Marlow. Melville Meyer. Oeorsre A. Mon
tell. Marsden Manson. Ceor?«» T. Myers. John
McNaught, William H. Mills, George B. Me-
Clellan . ;
Dr. Jacob Nieto^ F. V. Nelson, Harry Nora
man Jay T. Nash.
C.'P. Overtcn. George X. O'Brien.
'O. O. Perry. H. O. Palen. II. E. Pennell,
James D Phe'.an. Robert Park. Orattan D.
Phillip*. George Patch. D. II. Portor. Hii?o V.
Prhetm. Dr. Joseph Francis Pchelm. George
W. H. Patterson. H. A. Peairs, William Par
dee. Thomas Price. Henry Plagemann. Ransom
Pratt. Henry Payut.
H. E. A. Railton, W. P. Redinston. W. O.
Richardson. K. O. Rel»«>r. Purceile Rowe. P.
C. Rcsai. R. L. Radke. F. Rocca. William M.
Ring, Hans Ravn, C. M. Reynolds, W. F. Kcl>
rrts. A. J. Rich. David Rich. Abe Ruef. I, L.
Rosenthal. T>. M. Riorden, E. Rock. L. -\.
Rea. J. B. Ruckstell.
F. T. Stone. F. G. Sanhorn. C. F. Stone.
Charles Xi. Phalnwairt. Richard P. Shainwa'ui.
F. P. Sherman,. O. f. Sites. Miles StandUh.
George Spencer. A. A. Schneider. H. P. Schnei
der. Carl H. Prhmlrlt. George A. Smith. Adoiph
t=llverman. William A. Sohults. Georse A.
Penults. H. 3. Stedman. W. M. Scarby. Owen
H. Smyth. W. Alex Smith. II. Sherwood. Hor
ace B. Sparry. HouRhton Sawyer. Mike Savan
nah. H. Stanley. Charles D. Stelser. H.. K,
ST.-inscoe. L.. M. Spiegl. Martin Straus*. E. P..
Paunderp. L. Scatena. Edward L,. Schuitr. Fr«?>l
J. Schult2. R. II. Schlueter. II. Pchus^fer. F.
E. Stewart. ST. Schmidt, L,. G. Srrtavteb* 3>.;?1.
Presovich. A. R Smith. L. A. Steiser. .3. , 17.
Slade. Frank J. Symmes. M. Sondnelmcr. A.
A "Sanderson. Chnrles Stalfman. James- G.
SpauMlng. Panl' Scholz, • E. Scott. Hertert .
Schmltz, A. Sbarboro. Mayor E. K. Schrr.Hi.
E. W. Taggard. I J- Truman. F.-L.- Turpin,
F. J.- Totten. Charles H. J. Truman, A. '¦ II.
Turner, Frank M. Tcdd. ¦¦¦
l»aa*r O. Vpham. Harry Unra. --'-*
Charles II. Van Orrfen. O. K. von Riwrnv A.
Tt. Volkman. John Van Iluscn. A. II. Vail.
Frank A VsJt , ..
W. M. Well], Rolla V. Watt. A. J. Wagner.
A. B. Wllcox. Clarence R. Ward. J. A. Wat
tors'. E. F. Welhe. CM. Wood. J. W. W'eatcn,
C. H- Workman. Gustav Worms^r. F. A-. VCevk,
Colone> O. II; WalUs. J. O. Wetmdre. .P.-TO*s
terfeld. M. Weisenhutter. O. -WesterfeW. George
A. Webster. P. J. Wenlgw.-O. U White. C. E.
Wilson. - W,- W. Worsen. Chasies WclnthenK.
Dr. James W. Ward. Char'.en H. Ward. M.
Waniorek. A. C. Wajrener. William WollT. J. D.
Warmer. George. T. Wright. 'C. D. Wlllard. A.
A. Watkins.
Carlos G. Younc.
Leading Citizens of Community Gather
¦at Merchants' Association Annual
Banquet and Applaud Able Orators
President Symmes Appeals for Honest
Government and Calls Upon Citizens
to Attend Strictly to Civic Duties
ELOQUENT SPEAKERS DWELL ON RESOURCES AND FUTURE OF CITY
AND POINT TO THE NECESSITY OF THEIR ADVERTISEMENT AT ST. LOUIS
. ' -. ¦ . r-r ¦-.¦-.¦¦-.. ...
¦ _ ¦ ¦ ¦ ' '.-..,.
THE SAN .FRANCISCO GALL.' WEDNESDAY, 0, 1903,
6VAL.L.EJO. Dec. 8.— A lar&e break occurred
In the water main near the quay wall on
the navy yard yesterday and It was 12 o'clock
last night before the damage could re repaired.
In ths meantime it was necessary to pump out
Rome of , the cisterns to obtain a supply, of
water. .. : • -
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 8.— Michael
'George Walsh sho^ Ella Powers in a
rooming-house at the corner of Seventh
and Main streets this afternoon, inflict
ing wounds that will probably prove
fatal. The woman was taken to the
Receiving Hospital for treatment and
Walsh was placed under arrest. The
wounded woman was struck by three
bullets. Walsh gave no reason for the
Bhootlng.
Three Bullets Wound a Woman.
; There was a delightful hop at. the
Presidio^, Club last evening,' where
about 150 guests enjoyed' an' informal
dance. . • Officers at various posts about
the.bay -.were/prese'rit -with .their, wives
and '' many popular. '-young " Twomen,
chaperones and escorts fronv'the city,
were • numbered among the : guests.
G 66d m uslc was provided :¦ by } the Third
• ,,". . • *
Mrs. Ch'aiincey ' Rose "; Winslow was.
hostess at a most* en joS'able card; party,
nt^ her. home. on Pacific, avenue yester-'
day afternoon. Bridge whist was the
game /the prizes were 'handsome
and artistic. \ ;
• • *
.Those invited to assist in receiving
were: Mrs, Garret McEriemey. Mrs.
Walter. 1 Scott, Mrs: W. S. Leake, Miss
Eleanor -Eckart, Miss Mabel Cluff. Miss
Lalla. Miss j Blanche
;I)winelle',, Miss Elizabeth Painter, LMlss
Mabel Toy.'.Miss PaulaAVqlff, Miss Bes
sie Gowan. Miss Mabel Donaldson. Miss
Rachel Hovey and Miss Bieckenfeldof
Sacramento. ;
Mrs. J. J. Spieker and Miss Georgie
Spieker, were hostesses 'at one of the
prettiest^ of ieas yesterday at their
home, street. 3*he -re
ceiving hours .we're 4 to 6 o'clock and a
large number of callers availed them
srelv^s of the charming hospitality ex-,
tended. /American Beauty roses and a
profusion of foliage comprised ths ar
tistic decoration. .
Mr 1 ?. Hilda Macdonald Baxter and
Mrs. Burns Macdonald gave the fourth
of their series of luncheons yesterday
in honor of Mrs. Victor Clement of Salt
Lake City. ¦ The University .Club was
ihe scene of. the delightful affair and
the table was decorated with a profu
sion of American Beauty roses.
The guests yesterday were: Miss Bol
ton. Mrs. John Partridge, Mrs. Jacobs.
Mrs. George Grant. Miss Castle. Mrs.
Sutton. Miss Alice Owen. Mrs. William
.!.' Dutton,' Mrs. Harry Durbrow. Mrs.
Ritchie Dunn, Mrs. Dawson d'Ancona.
Mrs. Charles Butters. Mrs. J. Porter;
Mrs. House. Miss Van Winkle, Mrs.
William Barnes. Mrs. Fisher Ames.
Miss Stone. ' Mrs. William Macdonald:
Mrs. Isidore Burns, .Mrs. Charles Far
quharson and Mrs. John Robinson.
Following the marriage a breakfast
was served, after which Mr. and Mrs.
.Martell t left for a. ten fiays' wedding
trip. Upon their return. they will re
side in . Mountain View, where the
groom has prepared a beautiful new
home' for his wife. The bride Is a
daughter of Mrs. Eliza Blackwood and
the groom is a son of Mrs. James L.
Martel of Buchanan street. The fath
ers of both young people are deceased.
There was an : unusually pretty and
romantic wedding yesterday at high
noon when Miss Laura Blackwood be
came the bide of Alfred C. Martel. The
handsome Blackwood residence on Pa
cific avenue was the scene of the mar
riage, and twenty-five relatives and In
timate friends of both families were
present; Rev. Mr. Hemphill performed
the ceremony. »^V}*-? : . •
The bride wore a robe of white satin,
elaborately embroidered with a garni
ture of French blende lace, the wedding
gown which her mother wore forty-nine
years ago. The . bride also twined in
her hair some of the vblossoms .that
were, in her mother's . bridal wreath*
while suspended from the wedding' bell
over the heads of the couple were the
remaining blossoms, . together with the
sash and filmy lace also worn by Mrs.
Iilackwood at the time cf. her marriage.
The bride i. carried '* pink carnations.
There were no attendants. The bride'3
mother was becomingly gowned in
black silk with black Chantilly lace. .
The floral decorations were lavish and
in excellent taste. Pink chrysanthe
mums, hydrangeas and long, grasses
decorated the drawing-room in which
the ceremony was performed. The hall
was in foliage,' green peppers predom
inating. The dining-room was deco
rated \vith red berries and the bride'3
table was in white, with many carna
tions and Bride roses. .
The application of Harry Kelly'for
a writ of habeas corpus for- his re
lease from custody was . denied by
Judge Cook yesterday and he was re
manded into the custody of. the Sher
iff. .The Judge informed- him that his
proper course of procedure was to ap
peal from the judgment of the lower
court, as he had only been convicted
of a misdemeanor and he would fix
his bonds in $750. Kelly was sentenc
ed to six months on each of three
charges of obtaining money . by false
pretences by Police Judge Conlan. He
passed Confederate notes on grocers
in the Western Addition. .
Kelly Takes "Wrong Course.
SOCIETY PAIR
ARE JOINED IN
HYMEN'S BONDS
Emil Hering. M. D.. after having
spent four months in touring Germafry.
has to his old residence, 911
Eddy street.
Mrs. Frank Carlton. who has been
visiting friends in this city, has re
turned to her home In Denver, Colo..
The Christmas reception and dance of
the Deutscher Club will take place at
Golden Gate Hall Wednesday evening,
Pecember 18.
Cards have been issued by Mr. and
Mrs. ArnoFd Schmidt announcing the
marriage of their daughter, Elza Cath
erine, to Edward Newton Ayers in this
city on Monday, November 30.
Mrs. Wakefield Baker will leave im
mediately after Christmas for Denver,
where she will be matron of honor at
the wedding of Mr. Arthur Barber and
Miss Harriette Rose on New Year's
eve. Mr. Barber will take his bride to
Rossland, British Columbia, where h«
resides at present.
Miss Alys Sullivan. Hiss Margaret
Mee. Miss Pearl Sabin. Mis3 Frances
Harris. Miss Elsie Sperry. Miss Flor
ence Bailey and Miss Cola.
Miss. Maye Colburn gave a charming
tea on Sunday afternoon, compliment
ary to Miss Mayllta Pease and Miss
Elsie Tallant. About 150 <raller3 were
received during the afternoon, includ
ing many popular army* officers and
debutantes of the present season. Miss
Colburn- welcomed her guests with her
usual sweet Rraciousness of manner.
She wore a becoming gown of Persian
silk, with garniture of green velvet.
The guests of honor wore whlt«* and
carried American Beauty roses.
Those who assisted in receivins were
Mrs. CeorRft P. Beardsley Jr.. Mrs.
Henry Dutton. Mrs. John H. Clark.
Mrs. Andrew Welch was hostess
at a very handsome luncheon on Mon
day at her home on Eddy street. The
guest of honor was Mrs. Charles Welch
of New York." The guests, thirty in
number, were seated at two round
tables, decorated in pink carnations,
ribbon and tulle of different shades.
The beautiful rooms were decorated
with a profusion of American Beauty
roses, Woodwardia ferns and autumnal
foliage. „-.-*• t'/ :
The Twentieth Century Club will
have amusicale on Thursday evening
of this week.
The Sorosis Club gave .an annual
dinner, "au cafe chantant," on Monday
evening at its home. 1620 California
street, .which . proved a delightful af
'fair. It has been the custom of the
club for some years to.uive an evening
reception once a year, when gentlemen
are numbered "among those present."
This year, in commemoration of the
club's tenth birthday, an elaborate
dinner was decided upon. Everything
was perfectly appointed and the rooms
were decorated with a profusion of
foliage and Chinese lanterns. The
guests were seated around small tables
and numbered 125. 'The members were
nearly all present, w-ith charming
smiles and beautiful gowns. The gen
tlemen invited were the husbands of
members and a few friends. An in
formal and entertaining programme
followed, the dinner and the evening
was delightfully spent.
The members of the California Club
were received yesterday afternoon —
president's day— at the club rooms in
the Y. M..C. A. building 1 by Mrs.
George Law Smith, president. The re
ception was entirely informal and
light refreshments were served.
• -¦¦¦• •
Artillery band and the dancing was
enjoyed from 8:30 to 11:30. Light re
freshments were served. The guests
were < received by Mrs. Morris, Mrs.
Todd and' Mrs. Serratt. The officers
in charge of arrangements were Major
Todd, ¦lieutenant Covington, Lieuten
ant -Siphef, Captain Nance and Lieu
tenant Camp.
It was also suggested by Mr. Briggs
that advertisements of California
should be inserted in several thousand
Eastern newspapers. He would also
have maps of California sent out with
matter on them pointing out the. ad
vantages of California and also copies
of a flashlight view of the exhibition
hall of the board that was taken while
the delegates, to the National Bankers'
Association were in the hall, these to
be given to the bankers to.be hung in
their banking houses in the East.
Messrs. Chipman, Wooster and others
discussed these propositions. Great in
terest was manifested 'as .¦ the '/plans
were unrolled for making the work of
the board wider and more effective for
the good of the State.
Manager Briggs suggested several
practical ways to Increase interest in
the work qtf the board. He proposed
that when Hie time comes for the hold
ing of the annual meeting of the board
representatives from all the counties in
the State should be invited to com? to
the city and attend, luncheon to be
served In the exhibition hall . of the
board, 'the work of the board and its
relations to the encouragement of th*.
interior to be the theme for discussion.
A deal of business was transacted by
the board during a long session. Mrs.
I A. D. Sharon, representing the Califor
nia Club, requested the board to urge
i favorable consideration at the hands of
| the Speaker of the House of Represent
; atives and of the House Conmiittee on
j Rules of Congress for the bill relating
j to the preservation of the Calaveras
! big tree grove. It was voted to address
I a letter to Speaker Cannon on the sub
! Ject. -T
Various suggestions were " put into
resolutions and adopted. One was to
have the secretary of the board write a
bulletin on the dairy Industry of Cali
fornia. It was decided to send a com
munication to the Xew York Board of
Trade and Transportation favoring the
building up, of the American merchant
, marine. Secretary Stearns of the Oalc
!and Board of Trade reported concern
ing the proposed tule industry on the
.marches about Oakland that manufac
turers had offered to pay from $30. to
(40 per ton for all the tules that could
be ©reduced of the proper size and in
prime condition for material to mak;:
mattresses.
Still another resolution, Introduced by
President Chipman. set forth that one
of the purposes of the board is to sup
ply to California farmers useful infor
mation, ar.d that a committee of three
should be appointed to confer with the
president of the University of Califor
nia and Professor Hllgard to determine
whether the board in:2ht not estab
lish some relations with the university
to the mutual advantage of all con
cerned. The Durpose of this, as ex
plained, was to furnish to the public
at larce in popular form the informa
tion derivable from the college of ag
riculture connected with the univer
sity. This resolution, like the others
mentioned, was adopted. '
Several other resolutions introduced
by President Chipman were adopted.
One of these instructed the committee
on industrial resources to investigate
and report concerning industries that
are partly developed and are retarded
in their growth -by lack of knowledge
of the best methods of production and
of markets awaiting their output.
Another directed the committee on
immigration to investigate and report
concerning the extent of the increase
of the population of California during
the decade ending in 1900 and since, so
far as practicable, to determine what
proportion of this increase has been
added to towns and cities and in the
country, respectively; also the regions
of the State and the counties in which
the population has been Increased and
the causes that have led to the choice
of location made by the new popula
tion; also "to ascertain the principal
inducements that have operated and
are operating to bring settlers into the
State; afso what ihe causes are, if any
exist, why counties possessing great
attractions for the homeseeker are net
receiving their share of immigration to
the State."
President X. P. Chipman introduced
at a meeting of the State Board of
Trade yesterday a resolution calling for
a convention to be held" In Sacramento
at ajj early day for the purpose of call
ing the attention of Congress to the
•necessity for the improvement of the
navigation of the Sacramento .and San
Joaquin rivers.'
In a preamble it was set forth that
the attention of the State Board of
Trade had been called to the fact that
due regard has not been paid to the
improvement of navigation on the
streams named: that during the last
summer navigation on the Sacramento
River to Red Bluff closed on July 7.
and a month later ceased at Squaw
Hill, 174 miles above Sacramento, and
was not resumed to the latter place
until December 3; that navigation was
closed by failure of the Government to
provide for clearing the channel from
merely temporary obstructions; thaj.
the failure of the Government to secure
to the inhabitants of the Sacramento
and San Jeaquin valleys the full and
free enjoyment of navigation of these
important waterways has retarded and
Is retarding the growth and develop
ment of a large and important region
of California and is a matter of ee
rious moment.
The resolution was as follows:
R^olveJ. That the secretary be directed to
arrtnre for a public meeting to be held at the
city of Sacramento at an early day, to consider
and adopt such measures as may brine to thf
attention of the Congress of the United States
the urgent need for more intelligent and liberal
treatment of these rivers than has heretofore
be«i given them; that* the Sacramento Valley
Development Association, county boards of Su
pervisors, city and town Trustees and Council
men and local boards of trade and chambers 0'
commerce ut the several coum!e9, towns and
titles of l*ie Sacramento and San Joaquin val
leys and the commercial bodies of the cities
of San Francisco and Oakland be requested to
send delegates to said convention, to take part
in its deliberatlcns and aid ln perfecting some
means to secure the required and speedy action
of Congress.
The daylight burglars who have been
operating for the last .two weeks in the
Western Addition, entered the residence
of Mrs. "Abraham Hoffman at 1720 Eddy
street Sunday afternoon and while loot
ing the* house were frightened away by
Miss Minnie Steinhart) a sister of Mrs.
Hoffman. The burglars rang the fuont
door bell before thsy commenced oper- .
atlons and, being"; certain.' that .ho" one
was home, entered through a.reaVwin-,
dow, which they, pried open ;"with • £
jimmy. The captain of .detectives "was
notified, but no clew as, to who the
thieves are has j-et been found. ' • •
Mrs. Hoffman and: her sister left the
house early in the. afternoon for the
purpos£ of making a vii.lt. Miss Stein
hart was the first to return, reaching
home a few minutes before 5 o'clock.
When she entered the. rear apartments
she. discovered the ,visit of the thieves
and summoned a neighbor. 'Two rooms
were in a state; of disorder ; and gave
evidence of 'a ;hasty . and", interrupted
search. 'Trunks were .open- and their
contents .scattered 1 .about. Bureau
drawers and closets had been ran
sacked. The thieves secured! a riumoei'
of • silver toile t articles. . various < pieces
of clothing and a small amount of coin.
-A number of children who were play
ing on the, Iront steps of the house say
that' two strange men rang the "front
door bell about twenty minutes to 5
o'clock. After lingering a minute or
two and receiving no response, they'
walked down the stairs- and passed
around to the rear of the house. Hard;
ly had they begun operations Inside the
house, when Miss Steinhart cameJiome.
.When she entered the front door the
crooks beat a hasty retrea\ through
the rear "window with the loot they had j
gathered up.- .: :_ , _ .. H
Judge Cook received a communication
yesterday from Dr. Elmer E. Stone,
medical superintendent of the- Xapa
Insane Asylum, inclosing a certificate
that Mrs. Etta Fitzgibbon ' was per
fectly sane. The Judge made- an order,
as the woman hadbeen discharged as
sane, that the Sheriff. of, this. city and
county. take her into custody 'and bring
her into court on" Saturday for sen
tencel ¦ • . '
In his letter. Dr. Stone Eays: "I did
not see any evidence of. insanityin the
woman,, and believe her ¦to. be a de
generate of the criminal. type, and fur
ther I believe' that she is at all -times
capable of distinguishing between right
and wrong and' should, -therefore,- be
punished for the crime she commit
ted." . /
Mrs. Fitzgibbon shot five bullets into
Joseph E. Qagaii, a young man living
at 17. Franklin street, in her rooms at
S73 Market street on May 3 last... She
claimed that Gagan had insulted her.
but Gagan emphatically, denied it and
said that' the shooting wasentirely un
provoked. For weeks he lay hovering
between life and death,. but ultimately
recovered^
TVhen the case came up for trial
before a Jury in Judge Cook's Court,
the Judge was not satisfied as to the
woman's sanity, and she was sent to
the insane ward in the Central.Emer
gency Hospital for qbservation. She
Avas declared sane and her trial was
proceeded with. She was : convicted of
assault to commit murder, but her at
torney again raised the question as to
her sanity, and on October 9 she was
committed to the Insane Asylum/ at
Xapa, her sentence being suspended*
meantime. . < * . *
Mrs. Fitzglbbon takes j unusual.de
light in shooting men. Four years, ago,
while she was living on Grant-ave
nue, she fired several shots at George
Bowers, a grocery clerk, because she
alleged he had insulted her. Bowers
was not hit, but the woman was ar
rested for assault to murder. At that
time she was committed to the Insane
Asylum and was discharged in about
a year.
Proposes a Convention ip
Deal AYith Needed Improve
ment of River Navigation
Enter an Eddy-Street Home
Through a Window and Pro
ceed to ' Help Themselves
Ordered to Appear for Sentence
Before Judge Cook . on the
Charge of Assault to Murder
IS DECLARED TO BE SANE
DESIRES UNIVERSITY AID
BURGLARS WORK BY DAY
State Board of Trade Discusses
3Iatters Pertaining 1 to the
Advancement of the State
Mrs. Etta Fitzgibboii's Desire
for Bevolycr Practice on
Human Beings Is Curbed
Sisters Residence While M/i
rauders Arc Looting It
Miss Stcinhart Arrives, at Her
MANY SCHEMES
FOR PROGRESS
MAKES TARGET
OF YOUNG MEN
WOMAN SCARES
THIEVES AWAY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, : WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 9, - 1903.
7
OCEAN TBAVEL.
S%\C S5v Steamers leave San Fraa«
Cisco as follows:
f*rZ, t Vrfw. ¦ For Ketchlkan. Wranitel,
fll/^Hvyja \-A\ Juneau. Halnea. Skasruay.
I I XlRjS'ja 1 I * tc - A'aska — 11 a. m.. Dec.
I I VSgZfL) I 2. 7. U\ IT. 22 27. Jan. 2.
Y>\ \\ 7,0/ ChauRe to company's iteam-
\asH_ - x&5' «r» at Seattle.
' 1^ For Victoria. Vancouver.
~" Port Townsend. Seattle. T«-
coma. Everett. Whatcora — 11 a. m.. D«c. 2. 7.
12. '17. 22. 27. Jan. 2. Chantra at Seattl* to
this company's steamers for Alaska and O. N.
Ry. ; at Seattle or Tacoma to M. P. Ry. : at
Vancouver to C. P. Railway.
Fcr Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pcmor.a. 1:30
p m. Dec. C 12. 18 24. 30. Jan 0; Corona,
1:30 p. m.. Dec. 3. ».' 13. 21. 27. Jan. 2.
For Los Ansreles (via Port Vo» Acgelea and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara— San-
ta Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cms. Mon-
terey. Ban Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (S*a
Luis ObtsDo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bar, 9 a. n>.. Dec. 3. 11. 19. 27. Jaa. 4.
Bonlta. » a. m. Dec. 7. 15. 23. 31. Jan. 8.
For Ensenada. llagdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Ro-
¦alta. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of eacJa
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
Right is reserved to change steamers or sail-
lr.sr dates.
TICKET OmCXS-4 Xew Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street and
Broadway wharves.
Freight office. 10 Market street.
C. D. DWANX; General Passenger Agent.
10 Market street. San Francisco.
O. R. & N. CO.
"Columbia" tails Dec. 9. 19. 29. Jan. 9. 19.
23. -••George W. Elder" sails Dec. 14. 24. Jan.
3. 13. 23. Only steamship line to PORTLAND.
Oil., and rhort rail line from Portland to all
points East. Through tickets to all points, all
rail or steamship and rail, at LOWEST
ftATES. St»aro«rr tickets Include berth anrt
meals. Steamer sails foot of Scear ct.. at 11
a m. S. F. BOOTH. Gen. A (ft. Pass. Dept.. t
Montgomery st. : C. CLIFFORD. G«n. Agt.
Freight Dept.. 3 Montgomery st.
TOYO K1SEN KAISHA.
, (ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO)
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First an*
Brartnan streets, at 1 d. m.. for YOKOHAMA*
and HONGKOXO. calling at Kob« (Hlogo).
Nagavnkl and ' Hh.inshal. and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc. No
cargo received on board on day cf nailing.
S. t? NIPPON MARU (calling at Manila)
AVednfFday. December 30. 1903
S S. AMERICA MARU
_<< Monday, January 23. 19!>t
S S. HONGKONG MARU
Wednesday. February 17. 1904
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced'
rates. For freight and pasaaga apply at Com-
pany's ofQce. 421 Market ntreets. corner First.
XV.- fl. AVERT. General Agent.
S. S. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday. Dec. 10. 2 p. m.
8 S ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Dec.lS). 11 ».m
S. S. MAR1POSA. lex Tahiti. Jan. 6. JJ<jt.
11 a.'- m. .
4i.srffaiu t uas ji, lets.. Tkbt.Ba.i43 ivfata
fh^ttmtn BtrWIUfiirls. ?.rsdfcU.
C0XPA6NIE 6E523ALE THA53ATLANTIQ CS.
DIRKCT LINK TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every Tnur«Jay Instead o! <&*£gi)
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. l.-om Pier 42. '' • '•¦¦
North lUver, foot of Morton street. . •
i ' First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond claM to Havre, t $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES ANl>
CANADA. XJ Broadway (Huilson Building).
New York. J. F. FUOAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San .Franctsco-
-Tlckfts »old by. all liailruad Ticket Agents.
Kar«'J£laad and V»lleio Steamary.
-Steamer Gen. FKISB1B or ilONTICELLO—
9:45 a. m.. :t:15 and S:SO p. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday. »:45 ». vr... 8:30 p..m. Leave Vallejo.
7 a m.. 12::iO and 6 p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
day -7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m.. Fare. 50 cents. TeL
Main 10O3. Pier 2, Misslon-st. dock. HATCH
15UOS.
'I JOE -ROSENBERG'S.. >. \ \ , JOE ROSENBERG'S. v \ JOE ROSENBERG'S.
vBBgBi^BB/F^? That we bought at a forced sale at auction. M/^^^^m '
Honest values stitched with truthful words, and WUft^w
-'iH that's what you will always find here. They are made of
Y^p, the newest Swiss patterns, al! button ho!e edge, the good ifflSEgga*
~5Z£ilj/ washing kind, regular 25c and 35c quality. While A O lp
¦ . the quantity lasts. : L'£*2\j 1$fH8i*.
CHILDREN'S HANDKERCHIEFS LADIES 7 HANDKERCHIEFS MEN'S HANDKERCHIEFS
Made of good heavy white cambric. Made of English lawn, drawn work Made of extra heavy Belfast Hlnen;
full size, neat and narrow hem- and narrow \ Valenciennes lace hemstitched and full size. Tt'-JVie
1 stitch ;..;.........,..... .Each 3c trimmed. ...J. Apiece 5c apiece, or dozen &1.«5
GENTS' HANDKERCHIEFS LADIES' HANDKERCHIEFS CHILDREN'S HANDKERCH&EFS
; Made of good heavy wh'ite English Made of pure bleached Shamrock Made of white Tris'u lawn; neat
'. lawn; -some colored hemstitched. linen; narrow hemstitched, with a colored silk initials; 3 in a fancy
. Full size, but not full price small hand-made • initial. .Price. colored picture box; per box..«15e
¦j ........................ .Apiece 5c apiece .- .'.....10c
LADIES'; HANDKERCHIEFS LADIES' HANDKERCHIEFS M m^ of H ei?S K i^SS H iSSt can,-
Made of sheer ' lawn, with narrow"VJ Made *of extra heavy Belfast -linen; brie; full size; medium hemstitch.
I Bolidt* colored hemstitched bordors. different widths of hems. He apiece. with hand-embroidered initial. Bo's
\ Fast colors and ready for use. .. .5e or .V. .•. . . .Dbsen-75c of 6 for --...50e
« -. . j ¦_, . ... .- -. ..;..- ¦ ¦¦ ... _ _ . . . . . -
LADIES; WE QUOTE HERE MORE GOOD RIBBONS
Here's a holiday offering' in ladies' One of our many, values In Width No. 80: 4 inches wide:' all-
' hose, and j-ou'll think so when you - LADIES" EIDERDOWN JACK- silk taffeta, in satin dotted and
' see them at this low price. Made of ETS. Made of heavy all-wool rip- striped effect; for neckwear or fancy
fast black Egyptian lisle, new open- pie cloth; deep, rolling collar; bound work; in pink, blue, cream and
work. French lace effect; double with satin; edged all around with white. Instead of 20c. at the Price
heels ond toes; velvet finish. Real the- shell pattern in all-wool yarn: Cutter's \l£\ic
worth 25c. Holiday bargain. . .19c ln Pink. blue, red and gray. At the . •;—
APPIIDAPV ' Price Cutters ...J. .....75e JO WOMEN WHO KNOW
AUUUnAUT APPFPTARI P YMAQ PRCQCMT We 1Ike to interest you in these
Our.'coristant advertising aim. -. " ¦ HOOtr I MDLt AWIMO .rntOtW I LACE BARGAINS:
$1.25 LADIES' SILK VESTS, now, BUREAU SCARFS, or RUNNERS. 5000 yards of Torchon Lace, from
75<;. " Made, of pure silk. - swiss • ' Made of extra heavy lawn, in Irish 1 to 3 inches wide; all-pearl edge;
ribbed, low .neck and no sleeves; point, and tambour effects: 18 inches the R°od washing kind: real in looks.
neck and arm holes finished with a wide and 54 inches long. Price..5Oc but not so in price. Yard 5«j
crochet edge, with silk braid run .' ¦ '. '¦;¦•?¦¦
through. In pink and blue. You will f>nnn DIODrtM nCCCRIMPC SOME WOMEN APPRECIATE D1A-
more than appreciate the value at UUUU niOOUIV Urrr.nllMUo MOHUS; OTHIB3, SEAIiI^ACE.
this low. price 75c That should bring you here early. And here's a handmade BattenbeT*
--_____ « %v.'> i Width No. 60. All-Satin Taffeta Rib- TIDY. 18 inches square, with extra
CORSETS ' t*" 1 ' ln satin dotted effect: corded heavy linen center, and finished with
At nrirpi at which vou rlo not often ' edge: the good washing kind. Here's an eight-inch edging of Battenberg
K »p» P thpm wnIcn > ou ao,not orten a ho ij day bargain for you; 15c qual- lace. Only to be had at the Price
You will call- It a holiday bargain ity ' At th «. Pric e Cutters 8c Cutter's 70c
. when you see these. Made of extra * •
strong sateen; double' side steel; ~>.' "J 1 - .
• bias cut and hand gored; lace B tfo jF M »*k P&Bfl P F% ff± T U C
trimmed; Parisian hip; straight H, III I \ i_ jal Bl B IS I ¦ 1 II L
front steels, with abdominal reduc- H IS P ftl \P MH M% P K Hn
mtiz^A'sFJttMi Jut RUOLBIOlibUi price - cunER
.you will more. than appreciate the '; ¦* -
« value and the low price. Price. .50c 816 Market Street and 11 O'Farrell Street, Phefan Building.
- ADVERTISEMENTS. /
DANGEROUS SURGERY.
Death , Follows ; r the Sargeon's Knife.
Not i!ie Surgeon's Fault, or Course.
He Can't Help It — You Can.
r>Taniid Pile Cure Cures Piles Quick-
ly, PairJcfplv, Without Danger. ;
People <?o along for years suffering |
v.iih yi:cs. They try this ar.d that and
the other thir.g: frcm carrying a buck-
eye to settles treatment from a physi-
cian. They obtain temporary relief
:r.aybe. but they are never quite cu:V3d. '
A Hu!e strain in Jifting, excessive fa-
liguc. a little constipation or a little
diarrhoea ar.d the piles come bade
They den't seem to amount to much,
but they banish sleep and appetite. No
position is comfortable. There Is in- ¦
terse local rain and that dreadful feel- :
ins tt v.cigLt in the perineum.
Maybe in the early stages some of'
the many selves on sale will afford
temporary relief. If the ease is of lone
standing there is only one speedy and
pure remedv. It is Pyramid Pi!e Cure.
Even in light cases St Is the safest thing
to u?e. Other aupllcations may cure
ar:d may not. Pyramid Cure is always
certain, always reliable, always brings
comfort at once. Its prompt use saves
months of revere suffering. In extreme
cases it will save pursical operations
and their attendant dangers and dis-
comforts. It fs better than a knife.
Will cure easier. Quicker ; nd safer.
Thousands have used it. Thousands
have been cured by it. The cost is
trifling conicared with what It does.
The nrire is 50 cents. Most anybody
would gladly pay ten dollars to be rid
c-f piles.
All druggists sell Pyramid File Cure.
"Write Pyramid Drug Co.. Marshall.
Mich., for their book on Causes and
Cure of Piles, which is sent free for,
the asking:.
j&v STRENGTH, p}
pp vitality $1
TABLETS
•TERVAN TABLETS produce r**ttul sleep.
Positively cure
NXRVOUEKXSS. STOMACH.
KIDNEY AXTD BLADDE*
TROUBLES.
They produce plumpness and give great
ftrenrth and vitality.
3XJST a n:w or uavt xxm> ex-
PKTSSZO3TS SECEIVED.
»rvan 'i ablet Co., Chlcaco, 111.
I>ear 61r»— 1 am using NERVAX for general
debility and lewt energy. As an energy builder
they cp.r.not be best. I feel like twenty-live
years and I am fifty. I would not be with-
out them and 1 will try and Induce othcru to
tike them. 8. A. READ.
Grtswcld. 111.. Oot. 3. 1903.
Lansirc. Mich., Oct. 25, 1903..
SCerraa Tablet Co., Chicago, III.
Gentlemen — I am very much pleased to state
that NERVAN TABLETS make me feel !ike a
rnv man. Two months ajro I was in h bad
condition. I am now very much' stronger, have
a rrood appetite ar.d am gaining flesh. My
nerve* are in J.ne condition. I find XERVAN'
TABLETS ate good for kidney trouble. Grate-
fully }-curs. GEO. W. STONE.
N*rvan Tablet <"o.. Chicago. III.
Dear Sir?— I have taken Nervan TABLETS
for Xervout-n«5a and find that they do all you
c".a!m for them. I fhall recommend them to
iry friends. Very truly.
MISS V. M. DANLT.
Chirapn. Aug. 15, 1903. |
nril/inC of rireparatlona that con-'
n Lit fllIL Ialn alcohol. They stimulate
uu limit, {cr a Uirt . fcut in lhe en<J d0
you rr^ct harm. Vou take no chances wttb ,
SF.RVAS TABLETS, as they contain no alco- I
hoi or other injurious ingredients. Take the I
r-ecr of all Blood J»n<l Nerve remedies, NER- i
VAN TABLETS. They will surely cure you. !
S^id end r*ccrrrr.«nded by
uxtzok dsuo coMPAanr stores > 1
214 Kearry Street.
Stccrtcn asft OTerrell Streets.
Market Street &ad Van Hesi Avenne.
Sixth Street, corner Mission.
318 Montgomery Avenue.
400 Snttcr Btreet. ,
Valencia Street, cor. Twenty-Thirl.
California and Flllmora Streets.
or ser.t direct ur>cn receipt of $1.
VEBVAV TABLET CO.. Cnlcaro. III.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
HAMBURG BREMEN
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY
Or HAMBURG, in the Empire of Germany,
on the 31»t day of December. A. D. 1902,
And for the year ending on that day, as made
to the Insurance Commissioner of the State of
California, oureuant to the provlsloiM of aec>
lioas €10 and €11 of the Political Cod*, con-
deneod aa per blank furnished by the Com-
tciszioner.
ASSETS.
Ca*h Market Value cf all Stock*
and Bondt owned by Company. .11,433,075 00
Amount of Leans secured by pledge
of Bsr.de. Stock* acd other mar-
ketable securities as collateral.. 40.CO!) 00
Cash ln Banks 65,309 11
Premiums tn due Course of Collec-
tion 149.001 79
Tot*l Aeacta .$1,733.3S5 0(1
LIABILITIES. "
Lo«e« adjusted and unpaid $8.173 00
Loeaes in process of Adjustment or '
ln 6 -»spen»»- 69,310 00
Loeser resisted. Including expenses 12,150 00
Crocs premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or !ees. $1,202.-
257 Cl; reimuranee 50 per cent.. 601,123 Cl
Gross premiums en Fjre Risks run-
ning mere than cne year, (1.126,.
S0» 87; reinsurance pro rata.... 604,637 69
Commissions and Brokerage due
sad to become due 42.213 44
Total Liabilities .Sl.359.e34 64
INCOME. '
Hft cash actually received for
Fir* premiums ll.Ml.888 41
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks. Loam, and '
from all other sources C2.I48 72
Total Incoma (1.004.037 13
EXPENDITURES. "~~~" ''"
Vet r.ir.ount paid for Fire Losses
i including (70.C26 loeses of
previous year*) 883,73140
TstJ or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 29S.213 03
Taid lor Salaries, Fee» and other
charg** for officers, clerk*, etc.. 122,818 13
Paid for State, National and Local
tares - 38.421 2»
All other payments and expendi-
tures .<+ 86,501 04
.
Total Expenditure* tl.443.CS5 91
• __ _^___^____
Fire!
Looses Incurred during the year. . (89S.031 40
IT.ffca and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amcunt cf Risks
written during the
jear >U1.«9O.79O $1,834,499 76
« mount cf rlfksj
expin-d during the'
year } 1S0.S5O.575 1,700,101 80
N>t amount In force]
December 31. 1932..) 1S2.336.C2O 2.328.566 Si
F. O. AFFELD. V. B. Manager.
Subrcribed and sworn to before me, this 22d
£ey of Januarv. 1063.
CHARLKS EDGAR MILLS.
CornnjiMJener for California In New York.
RUDOLPH BEHOLD Jr., General Agent.
EARaY C. BOYD, Aslant Genl Agent
. 415 CALIFORNIA ST.,
SAX FRASCISCO. CAL.
Weekly Call "51 per Year
REGAL SHOES.
sphere's a possibility o£ unreliable, red
or bleached Hemlock tanned
leather under v the paint of every
black bottomed \ shpe.
•Regal Shoes are all soled with honest, solid, flexible,
durable oak tanned leather. And there's " the Window
of the Sole" for you to lift up and seer This is our own »
invention— simply a detachable paper label that covers a
spot of naked leathers We never thought of it till pur
buzz saws, cutting up other makes of shoes, disclosed the
fact that 90per cent/of all $3.50 shoes (otjier than Regals)
were soled with Hemlock-leather which wears riot half as',
long as oak tanned. i^y; ;_
1 , Until we actually began cutting them up we did not
*now how much better Regal Shoes were.. That made ,
us see.the necessity of proving our shoes. v ;';
The Regal is the only shoe that proves. It is the %
only shoe sold.at $3.50 that is worth $3.50— Regals /are
worth. $6. They give more than $6 worth of style 'arid
wpa*. . We ajc ready to prove it before you buy." 7
'lhere arebol^e'gal Stores— 20 them jn' Greater New
York, wliere the styles originate. The new stylesVare on sale in ,
our San Francisco store at the same time as in the New -York
stores. Other dealers get the same styles a year later. (
San Francisco Store, Cor. Geary and Stockton Sts. *
V ADVEETISEMEJJTS.
...EASY SHAVING...
• FORillE HOIJDATS AND ALL OTHER
DAYS. IN THE YKAR . : •
The price Is reasonable for. Ihe value there
. is In this' razor.
A .WORD TO THE - LADIES— If you
want to, make : your sweetheart, husband,
brother or .father happy you can do It bet-"
ter by buying him a razor than ln any
ether . way. TjJtaMSKBi
•'" .I've ether razors' at other pricts, also a
choice lln« of standard ¦' cutlery.
ifl-IA'T MAN PITTS
, F. W. PITTS, the, Stationer.
1008 Market Street
J Above Powell. San Francisco.: ". '¦' By a few scratches of a pen Christian science, has
received an impetus' and a sympathetic Tahd ' respectful
hearing which' 1 years of n stubbo?n}andi "difficult advocacy
have" riot >gairied 'for Jit, A few days ago ,Mrs. Eddy was
offered -a ; house valued at more than one, million dollars.
Mrs. _Eddy ; kindly] but { firmly : . refused the \ gif t J Behind
such sincerity ; there ) is rriiatter for deep thought. ; , ?
London s Roman Wall.
The destruction of Newgate brought
to lisht\aribth"er. section of the ancient
¦Roriian wall which. stirrounded- London
and " served ' as : a . fortification of the
city."; , The whole extent of th'e\wall has
ndwvbeen fairly^ well-: traced, and parts
of it are ; still' used as, cellars and ware
houses. The. only portion' of It that Is
still i above ground is a - bastion in the
-' General Reyes has his case to the Presi
dent arid, as far as persuasion may influence, him, is con
vinced that Colombia, in reference to : Panama, ' has / no
standing at .Washington. Coloriibia is jtyow^ reported to
have an army in the. field and^on the march to Panama.
It is unfortunite,; that the spirit of General
Reyes*, will 'probably inspire Jiirri to leave, us '.before he
has an: opportunity. to know 'us. ~r ' * ' '„
Townsend's California, glace fruits and
candies. 1 SOc a pound, m' artistic flre
etched boxes.' A nice, present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market St.. above Call bldj. *j
. • .-¦ ' ¦ ¦ • ¦ ¦ • _>?J
Special information supplied .dally to
business houses and public men by tho
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main lMft. •
CALIFORNIANS who are now engaged in select
ing holiday gifts and vsouvenirs* to send to their
Eastern friends, should remember their. State, as
well as their. friends, and try to select some 'article whose
arrival in an\ Eastern home will 'benefit the; Californian
producer, as welKas the Eastern recipient.
No gift sent East could. possibly be more acceptable
than one that is distinctively . Calif ornian! . The .holiday, toys,
bric-a-brac and art' \vprk\_of the East; and of iEurope arc
of course, excellent, but they are on display in all the
Eastern stores, as well -as in those of California^ arid to
Eastern people there js no novelty about them. _A con
siderable proportion of the holiday things, of .California
production, on the' other hand, are unknown in the- East,
and consequently they would have a double charm -for
the recipient.' . , ,¦' : '~ -
The season of gift-giving, in fact,, affords us , a most
advantageous 'opportunity to make known the delicacies
produced in « our orchards arid Vineyards.'.arid the'beauti
ful .work "of ."our various artists and .'craftsmen. If four
enterprising merchants ".would make : a conspicuous .dis
play of their California goods during the ". holiday shop
ping season, they"; might aid materially in advancing .their;
own trade in such goods, and thus derive.'^'private benefit
Tips From Big Fair.
Largest gas engine ever made, 3000
horsepower. ,
The sum of $150,000. appropriated for
athletic events.
United States Fisheries building, J33
feet square.
Revival of the 5- games of
ancient' Greece. ; ;*.
Fifteen exhibits departments, H4
groups, SOS classes.
More than 100 important buildings on
the grounds.
Over fifty foreign Governments to
n ake elaboi ate displays. '^ . "
Philippine exhibit, costing Jl.OOO.UOO,
cover? forty acres. .. "r
Anthropclogy building, 263 by 112
feet," cost $112,000. '
Palace of Hcrtlcultun, 400 by 800 test,
cost $228,000.
Palace of machinery,. 525 by 1000 feet,
cost $496,597.
Palace of Liberal Arts, 525 by 750 £«ifct,
cost $475,000."^-
Palace of Manufactures, 525 by 1200
feet, cost $719,399. \
Conservatory 200 />r t square in PalV
ace of Horticulture..
REMEMBER CALIFORNIA.
One for Us.
It Is very ¦ pleasing- to receive nfc©
compliments from our contemporaries.
We feel that our readers may share
with us the kind things which are said
and therefore present the following
from the Modesto Herald:
"The San Francisco Call has added
a very interesting and valuable feature
to its splendid' news arid editorial ser
vice, devoting a page every week to
contributions from authorities on tht
various phases of agricultural develop
ment. • Illustrations' lend force, to the
articles. In the Issue of Novernber 30
we find an 'exceedingly Interesting and
Instructive * article by General N. P.
Chipman. president of the State Board
of Trade, embodying a . comprehensive
review of the growth of the fruit Indus
try; and another by G. W. Felts, secre
tary of the California Fruit Agency, on
the benefits co-operation has brought
to the growers of oranges. The Call'3
new feature will do the State signal
service."
The Spanish Cabinet has drafted a law compelling
men to vote. And yet- Spain believes that she is called
upon to face prbblerhs 'of national life before which the
bravest must tremble in their struggle for. solution.: Wait
until she has to, adopt laws compelling men to vote > only
once. Then we will shake her hand in common sympathy!
'A King's Album.
Fetes were held throughout Denmark
redently" In honor of . the fortieth anni
versary of King Christian's accession
to: the throne. The people everywhere
rendered homage to their aged and be
loved sovereign, who received many
gifts and souvenirs. It is said that the
King was best pleased with a unique
w'brk; on the "Danish Royal Orders of
Knighthood," which contains plctureci,.
biographies 'and mottoes. of all Danish
citizens' arid foreign royalties decorated
with Danish , orders. The editor of the
monumental work applied in Denmark
alone to, 6000 persons for pictures -and
autographs,' and nearly all- of- them
cdxhplled' with the request. Old war
.rlqrs. wh,o after a battle were presented
by the King with rriedals, wrote -long
letters to greet ' the King. , Those re
qvested .to' send in their photographs
were free to have their pictures taken
by- a Copenhagen photographer, arid
soriie' days there were hundreds, oi
knights Jin the! studio; high -officials,
chai^nieri of -parishes and* aged vet
erans.' One old' peasant woman, who in
a', faraway country town once saved
fiye people's lives, had been decorated
"for • noble, deeds." Her town x pald by
public. subscription for her trip to Co
penhagen, and she received a prominent
place! in ,tha -book. The foreign royal
ties -naturally occupy .a large "space.—
Boston Transcript. SEBSSSfeSHfl
The Nobler Life.
Let us build upon Life's way
Oh: the wrecks of yesterday;
See the noblerlstructure rise
Where the cr!d la- ruin lies!
In the barren fields and drear
Sow the seed of harvests fair;.
In the gardens, lost in gloom.
See the sweeter. roses bloom;
Knowing ever that we stand
In the hollow of God's hand —
Let us build upon Life's way
On the wrecks of yesterday.
—Atlanta Constitution.
The Cat Came Back.
.Councilman Baccus of the Sixth
Ward, Oakland, has a ca.t and thereby
hangs a tale. r It is.'that kind of a cat.
Assemblyman Phil "Walsh heard of
the. feline and wanted It. Phil hadn't
seen It. Neither had it seen- Phil.. So
things were even. Pussy was war
ranted the best ever; a good singer,
eighteen karat purr, . whiskers , and
.everything. So it came about that last
tveek Fells Domestica was put in a
basket and sent far from Its ancestral
hearth ' to the Walsh home. The As
semblyman awaited Its : arrival and.
when the door bell- rang, stepped out
prepared to hand out gladness. The
basket was opened and Phil : beamed.
Fells took one startled look upward
arid, with a scream as 'though It had
hit a live wire, madly into
darkness and was gone. The next
morning ft purred forth Its safe de
liverance to "Councilman Baccus. Phil
says he never before frightened any
thing less than desperate criminals at
bar, and that the cat must have had
something awful on its conscience.
Baccus only smiles and says: "No
wonder!" ,->< *
San' Francisco, Laiv-Giver.
- Sometime. ago Superior Judge Ella
worth of Alameda County was exam
ining an applicant for citizenship. The
man answered correctly until the Judge
Asked him- where the laws of California
were made. : The applicant promptly,
answered: "San Francisco, your Hon
or.": The Judge said: "Why. you Just
told me of the three branches — the
legislative, executive and judicial;
and of the legislative being divided
into' the Senate apd Assembly, Now
who makes the laws?" The applicant
replied: "The Legislature, comprised
of , the Senate and Assembly." Well
then," safd his 'Hdnor "Where are the
lawa made?". The. man. hesitated a mo
ment arid then answered again: "San
Francisco." The Judge saw it was
hopeless and, smiling broadly, said:
"No. San Francisco usually has a lot
to say about it. but. she doesn't make
all our laws, my dear sir!"
The Metronome.
BY AX1CR TERHCXE.
[Scnjf Writer. Formerly IMrector of Music in the
Collf k<> or Et. John the Uaptist. New York.]
« (CopyriKht. 19C3. by Joseph B. Bowlos.J
Taking it for granted that between
the former lesson and this our pupil
has been working faithfully at his
scale according to the explanation al
ready given, by this time, in all prob
ability, he has become familiar enough
with the pir.gle-octave scale, in its
Flow form, to take up the two-octave
scale and increase hie velocity at the
same time.
Now. let him play his single octave
through once, with the right hand,
saying "ope. two," slowly, at each
count relaxing between every two
notes as usual. As soon as he finishes
the ascending and descending scale, he
must start again, still counting "one,
two," as before., but- this time the
count "two" falls 0*1 the next note, in
stead of having both counts belong to
the same note, and thus the time is
systematically doubled.
The pupil counts "one, two," "one,
two," "one, two," straight on up the
scale, for two octaves, but "*me" falls
on C, "two" on D, the next "one" on
E, the next "two" on F, the next "one"
on G, and so on.
The counts must all be as regular as
ever — just the same amount of time
between each, but the accent is only
given at every other note — that is,
every time*"one" is said, the pupil em
phasizes that particular note, impart
ing a ringing tone to it, as much as is
possible, while the alternate note in
group (signified each time by the
count "two") is struck lightly, by
means of whatever strength is left
over from the forcible count "one."
The effect of this is similar to that
produced in ringing a bell by pulling
the rope attached to it. There are two
sounds, the first one, which is strong,
and a direct consequence of the
strength of the pull given to the rope,
and the second, which is almost like
an echo of the firyt. as the bell re
turns to its place. There is the same
space of time allowed each sound, but
the second tone is much softer, while
the strength of the one stroke' Is
enough to carry the sound through to
the end of the second note.
The pupil will see, as he tries this,
that he is emphasizing just exactly as
he did Jn his first scale, only that there
is a note between each of the ac
cented notes, thus making him play
twice as rapidly as before, although
his counting is no more rapid.
The boy must watch his fingers and
listen to his counting at all times, lest,
with this unusual method of accent
ing, his playing becomes in the least
uneven. When carefully watched he
can acquire by this method a remark
ably clear, Fwcet-toned. rapid scale in
a short time. If. however, he becomes
careless, forgets to notice details "and
trusts to the 'accent alone to help him
through, he is liable to create an effect
somewhat lik« that produced by the
hoofbeats of a horse who is afflicted
with "string halt." Therefore, let our
little boy keep his mind entirely on
what he is doing, and all disaster will
be avoided. If he is careful to hold
the softer note exactly as long as the
loud one, there Is no chance of his los
ing the rhythm, and all will be well.
When he comes to the end of the
first octave he proceeds up the scale
by using his first finger (thumb) in
stead of the little one,, on the upper C,
and is thus safely started on the sec
ond octave. ,>.;.
. If any doubt is felt as to Just how
this is done, let the pupil go hack to
the Jast. lesson, where the movements
of the passing fingers are fully explain
ed, and exercises for the facilitation of
this particular difficulty given. It is
•well to iro back to the other lessons
every little while anyway, so as to keep
all the important points fresh in the
pupil's mind. Each exercise is a help
to the others, and the more they-, are
all practiced the better will be the re
sult
In practicing the two-octave scale,
the .pupil will be unable to use the
circle (relaxing) motion between the
notes as in the single octave scale, for
there is not time with the Increased
velocity; but he can accomplish the re
quired relaxation by""tnlnking the mo
tion each time he has struck a note;
and by this time the relaxing will have
become such a natural thing to him
that If he remembers to think "relax
ing" hia muscles will keep from tight
ening, lust exactly as if he actually
went through the whole motion.
This does not mean, however, that
he can give up his relaxing exercises.
On the contra oV they are' more and
more necessary as he begins to play
more rapidly: but he. uses them on the
slow scale only, aif the rhythm of the
rapid scale mu6f^ot be interfered with.
In order to insure against any tight
ening of the muscles it is best to prac
tice the single octave scale (with the
relaxing motion between every two
notes) in connection with , the two-oc
tave scale, first one and then the other, '
over and over again.
If there is an inclination to tighten
the muscles bv.the time the pupil
reaches the top of the second octave,
he may. stop there just long enough to
relax once before beginning the de
scent; but do. not allow this unless it
Is absolutely necessary, as it . is desir
able-to acquire the habit of making the
ascent and descent without a break as
soon as possible.
2Cow we come to ¦ a still more rapid
• • : . *
THE State Supreme Court, in r Katz et als. vs. Walkin
shaw, has decided certain issues of very great in-;
terest to a large nut^bej, of our., citizens/ The
decision was rendered.: ;ori;;a .rehearing, '.the case having
been decided before in ..an- opinion of -the court written
by the late Justice Ja'ckson Temple,*- which opinion ms
now reaffirmed by the "full bench.' ' .'
A The issue relates tp the ownership arid^use of ground
waters, regardless of. whether they exist in- an : under
ground stream or inverted, clones or • gravel beds. It )
being contended that' each' Jand owner owns absolutely j
the percolating waters under, his, la'nd,.' with, the' right ;tp j
use or* dispose of them as he pleases, is partM0fthe.c.p'ihr
mon law/ on all fours with the common iaw\. right *6i
j-iparian .proprietors, the courf holds' that suctfpartV of
the common law as are not adapted .to our conditions
arc not in force here, because tjiey fit physical conditions
widely different from oiirs. The true ddctrine^s held to
be that the common law, by its own principles, adapts
itself to varying conditions and/.is modified -so as to
serve the ends of justice under different circumstances.
A rule of law applicable to the fresh* water streams of
England may be. wholly inapplicable to the. same char
acter of streams in this country, because, of different
capacity, or because the adjoining cotintry. furbishes , a
commerce for them unknown in England,- in which case
the, common law modifies its rules, upon its" own prin
ciples, to conform'to tjic wa.nts of , the community.
The court elaborately states the difference between
conditions here, in respect"t'o^waters and. their uses,. and
in England. In a large" parUof California, and especially
in the southern half of ;,thj?* State, with Some exceptions
insufficient to serve, as^, the basis of. .community life,
artificial irrigation's necessary, and has been customary
ever since Spanish . The court; notes the ex
tension of irrigation ..spulh^ of ; the Tchachapi, where a
series of wet years encouraged the bringing under till
age, or planting to vines. and fruit trees, of an area so
extensive that in the .succeeding dry years there was
not water enough to rnaintairi the fertility, and it was
demonstrated that the 3 surface streams Iwcre insufficienfc
Then began the search for .percolating ground waters
by artesian wells, horizontal. tunnels, pumping and every
other available means to 'increase the supply from below;
ground and keep the land from lapsing from tillage. As i
the population is rapidly increasing, the struggle for
greater, and it becomes the duty of the courts
to inquire whether the owner who, by use of ground
waters, has irrigated his land 'and made, it fruitful can
be protected in that use, or whether a later comer can
intercept his supply and destroy the property and the
value it has created.
¦ The, defendants contended that no property right to
ground water exists in the land owner except while
they : are in his soil, and that he has no. right to have
them continue to pass into his land,* or to prevent them
being drawn tout of his land by an interference with
natural condition^ on 'adjoining land. -His right, there
fore, could not be protected nor enforced, and he would;
be" in constant peril of the loss of all property that
depended on his use of the percolating waters in his:
own soil. The court says that if this rule is the law, or '
no law, of the land,- it would bring in peril the property
of the. defendants themselves, since if they may inter-,
cept Hhc ground waters of another, or draw them out
of his land,, the same may be done to ..them, and it is
impossible to see how a doctrine offering;no protection
at all to property that depends on the use of water can
tend to promote future developments, or -preserve those
already' made, and, therefore,-' such a doctrine is not
consistent) with public policy, or conducive'. to the general
welfare. /M-
The court reaffirms Judge Temple's, opinion, there
fore, and declares not only ownership* in. the. landholder
of ground waters, but the right of action .protect
himself against .interception or other ..interference with
that property in water* This is modified by the rule of
reasonable use, which also applies to surface waters!
Under this decision the land owner cannot be deprived
of. bis, ground waters, either, to irrigate, the lands of
others or to create a supply of potable water for a city
population. No later comer has the right to sink wells
or make subterranean intercepting dams to draw off,
divert or intercept his supply.
The. decision is of great interest to- the planters of
the Santa Clara VaHey, and other parts- of Central and
Northern 'California, as well as to those in. the South.
. The defendants in the case made .the point that
Justice ;Temple\s decision would apply to .oil lands,, but
the 'court especially meets this by- showing that oil is
not mined to' apply to 'the surface of the [laifd/ nor does
it percolate from that- surface to' its ground reservoirs.
-The court, therefore, says that, in any'coritrovery over
oil, it will follow the decisions rendered in th'e oil States,
inasmuch -as . California". shares with them ;the physical
features, , and the legal principles applicable to them.
But. ¦in A respect to ground waters, our ; physical -features
are-peculiar and* individual to -this State, and we do not
share them . with States) oV countries" where .abundant
moisture, makes drainage more necessary than Irrigation. '
Church of St. Giles. Cripplegate. The
ground of London is estimated to have
risen at the rate of nearly a foot a
century, arid doubtless from time to
time many rich finds of antiques will
be unearthed, especially If a start 13
made to construct high buildings on
the American plan. ._;-.
Spirited Race.
Much interest was excited in England
recently In a contest between the sister
cruisers Medea and Medusa, which was
undertaken for the boiler committee,
to test two different types of water
boilers, and was concluded on Monday
morning, when both ships arrived at
Plymouth at an early hour after a race
from Gibraltar. The Medea is fitted
with the Yarrow large tube boiler and
the Medusa with the Dhurr. On the
way out to Gibraltar the Medea waa
able to run for five hours longer than
the Medusa, both ships starting with
the same quantity of coal and working
at the same horse-power. On the run
home four boilers In each ship were
working to their utmost horse-power.
After leaving Gibraltar on Friday, the
Medusa soon obtained a lead of half a
mile and, maintaining her advantage
throughout, won by : three minutes.
During Friday three of the fans of the
Medea failed to act properly and by
Sunday morning the Medusa was lead-
Ing by nine miles. The Medea's fans
having been repaired, she began to
gain on her rival and the distance sep
arating the two ships was gradually
lessened until 9 o'clock on Sunday
evening the Medea was only three
quarters of a mile astern. But the ves
sel failed to overhaul the Medusa,
which rounded the Eddystone at five
minutes, after midnight, the Medea fol
lowing five minutes later. Allowing for
the Medusa's start, she actually won by
three minutes.
Care of a Pump.
To care properly for a pump one
must understand <its mechanism and
the principles Involved which cause it
to lift water. In mine pumps there are
two sets of valves, known' as suction
arid discharge valves; If either set of
valves is out of order the efficiency of
the pump will be decreased. , The sur
face of all water exposed to the air has
the pressure of the atmosphere upon It;
therefore, if one end of ¦ a 'tube Is
closed by a valve and the other end
lowered into water, It will be pos
sible to cause the water to rise in th«9
tube by drawing the air 'out of It. Th»
plunger of the pump, by creating a
vacuum in the suction pipe, draws the
water up until it passes into the pump
through the suction valves. If the
suction pipe Is not air tight, or if the
suction valve leaks, the plunger cannryt
draw water, from which It follows that
the efficiency of a pump depends upon
the suction mechanism, and that must
be made air tight so that no air enters
the suction pipe from above the valves.
— Mines and Minerals. . ¦¦•
True \Fricndship.
The New York Sun prints a story
which only serves to show the true
channels of lasting friendship. Here
It Is:
"George R!ce. a oorter at the New
Amsterdam Hc-iel. Twenty-first street
and Fourth avenue, walked Into the
Twenty-second street station yesterday
afternoon, showed Sergeant Ryan a
fractured jaw, a broken nose and a dis
colored eye. Rice said. that he had had
an argument with Thomas Casey as to
which could lift the heavier trunk and
that Casey In the course of »the dispute
kicked him In the face.
. "Sergeant Ryan sent Rice to Bellevue
and had Casey arrested.
." 'Who's your friend?' asked Dr. Cris
ler, when he took Rice's pedigree, at
the hospital.
"•Thomas Casey .'.he replied.
." 'Yes, but do you want the man who
kicked you notified in case you die?*
contlned the doctor. • '
• ."'Tom Casey's the best friend I got.*^
said R'ce." , "<Vr-~V A ?
THE RIGHT TO GROUND WATERS.
On her recent trial trip the cruiser D|e9 . MoinesT'faith-!
ful to. precedent in such matters,, exceeded _ her contract
•speed, to the . natural gratification of, contractor's and
everybody else concerned. ? . Isn't it curiousthat on the/e
trial affairs there is shown a. speed that is~ 'never attained
in commission? That ; "tired feeling" seenis to; be con
tagious, even to machinery. > v ¦'. . .-;*" . . ; '.., . .
PUBLIC sentiment cognizes the issues arising in
the excessive organization of labor, and capital as
among the" burning .questions of the day. The
enormous foreign immigration, mainly composed of
people who do not speak our language, and"\vh6 are not
schooled in our institutions, and who come not from
any sentimental attachment to our principles of.govern
ment, makes an annual" increment to our population
equal to the annual vacancy to be filled in our industrial
life. Its presence crowds out just that number of our
oWn people who have arrived at the age of self-support.
This process gives us a supply not trained in .self
government and piijs out of useful occupation an equal
number of our own people, who, in bur public schools,
have learned lessons of independence winch they are not
permitted to apply to the great issues ,of life., So we
get industrial disorders that have all the violent fea
lurts of warfare. On the other, hand, . capital, with the
mass of immigration to work on^ .which it finds capable
of exploitation to an extent that would not be possible
with independent native labor,' meets organization' with
organization, and both sides at times forget their
allegiance to the country and their; subjection to the law.
None of his just and sensible countrymen- has ever
doubted the President's sincere devotion* to the prin
ciple of equality of right and of opportunity, and equal
subjection to the law. In his message he deals with this
issue with his usual fearlessness and candor, arid it
will be well for all concerned to : read and remember
what he says. It will produce the liveliest satisfaction in
the third party, the unorganized majority, the great body
of citizens v who want justice, but who, because of the
lack of a single medium of expression^ are ruthlessly ex
ploited by both parties to the excessive organization of
labor and capital. No other statesman has put more
clearly the purpose and function, of the Federal Gov-'
ernmerit than the President states it in these terms:
"The consistent policy of the National Government,
so far as it has the power, is to hold in check the un
scrupulous man, whether, employer or employe; but , to
refuse to weaken individual initiative, or to hamper or
cramp the industrial development of the country. We
recognize that this' is an era- of federation and com
bination, in which great capitalistic combinations and
labor unions have .become factors of tremendous im
portance in -all 'industrial centers. Hearty recognition
is .given. the far-reaching .'beneficent work that has been
accomplished - through both corporations and labor
unions, and the line as between different corporations
and different -unions* is. drawn as it is between different
individuals;- that is, it is drawn on conduct, the effort
being to treat both organized capital and organized labor
alike, asking nothing, except that the interest of each
shall be brought into harmony with the interest of the
general public, and^that the "conduct of each shall c6n
form to the. fundamental rules of obedience to law, of
individual freedom, and of justice and fair dealing to all.
Whenever either corporation,, labor union or individual
disregards the law, •¦ or acts in a spirit of arbitrary and
tyrannous interference .with the rights of others, whether
corporations or individuals,^ then, where the Federal
Government has jurisdiction, •, it will see to it that the
misconduct is stopped, paying not the slightest heed tar
the position or power of the' corporation, the' union of
the individual, but only to one vital fact— that, is the
question whether or not therconduct- of the individual,
or aggregation of individuals/ is in accordance with the
law of the land. Every man must be guaranteed his
liberty and his right to do as, he likes with his property
or his labor, so long as he does not infringe the rights
of others. No man is above the law and no man is
below it; nor do we ask any man's permission when we
require him to obey it. Obedience to the law is de
manded as a right, not asked as a favor."
That is a refreshing and timely restatement of the
supremacy of the law, .and of its power to protect indi
vidual rights, the privilege of private contract ana the
rights and uses of property.' It should, be translated
into the Babel of tongues, spoken by our incoming mil
,lions of immigrants, and, as the illiterate are in a
majority, it should be read and expounded to them. Then
their habit of dragging the .American flag in the 'dirt,
as has been recently done by the foreign miners in
Utah, would be checked. To American capitalists and
corporations' it needs no translating nor expounding. It
is notice to them that there is a line of law drawn
between gains and guilt, and that tra'de has its right
to freedom as well as men, and must not be restrained
to satisfy the" spiritof avarice and greed.
This part of the message is properly supplemented by
the* recommendations on-; immigration, separating it into
the right and the wrong kind, and asking that the law
exclude the latter more rigorously than now. The evil
of! congested, immigration is' noted,, and the demand, is
made that more attention be, given Jo its distribution.,
No doubt if* it were spread over the country and y pre
vented lodging' in masses where our language is" not
learned nor spoken, and essentially foreign customs are
stubbornly maintained, the process of digesting and
assimilating would, produce less disturbance.
C* Life.
Only the pinched faces of so many
of those, wh^m we meet In the daily
rounds of life betray the heart huhger
ings which I'He'hidden from the sight of
the world. Day after day we see these
Starved; souls looking' through the eyes
of^jthe :j arnillgf figures" on the streets,
,a^n<J;thcn suddenly th'ejKare no more—
the : morgue .wa^jon . and .. the potters*
fieki tell^the tale. of the, life at last
ahuff eci out.-—' ¦; '.'•
/Cuit- In the Alrrishouse, a few days
Rg"o. there was the little! stir of the
city's black wagon .driving up 4.0 the
doqrs and moving off again at the slow
pace to which .the horses i have been
trained", by. long experience.; Within the
clksped' doors there lay the poor, bent
body^of. Jerinie*Blapk, : going to a name
less grave. w • ¦ .»¦
/years- ago' Jennie Blank
was. the -leader ', in' the* gay social swim
df, the 'new,. cityj^Upon the very crest
of -the; giddy, wave of life rode this
Southern beauty, whose adorers num
bered all of the moneyed dandle^ of the
days of much gold. Champagne froth
arid diamonds sparkled then.
FjVe years ago * Jenny Blank, the
slattern and vagabond, again and
I again, listened to the* terse "thirty
I days", of the Police Judge while stand
\ ing \ r tottering on her feet In the
dock! ,, Rags and filth were her por
tion' then ; '.drunkenness -and squalor.
Friends, '1 money, ; honor — everything
»gorie. ; ' :¦'¦ ';':. "'
:'*0f~Jehny Blanlf, the arrogant queen,
of -"Jenny . Blank, the drunken vaga
bond; there Is rtow but thar pitiful lump
of clay lying in a nameless grave.
scale, which will take the pupil up
three octaves. •'„-;¦ ";
The same rule of progression applies
at the end of each octave; that is, to
substitute the thumb for the fifth'fin
ger and "start anew, whether the desti
nation be two, three or four octaves.
We are now about to make' a notice
able increase in tempo, and to accom
plish this the pupil must play three
notes to a count instead of two as in
the two-octave scale.
He must. count "one." "two" all the
way up, accenting on the "one," just
as before, and counting in exactly the
same time as before— no faster and no
slower. In this case) however, "two"
falls' on F, making three notes to a
count. Thus, C. D, E fall on "one"; F,
G, A fa'.l on "two"; B, C, D fall on
"one"; E, F. G fall on "two," and so
on, until the end of the third octave Is
reached, and the pupil returns as he
came, without a pause, until he again,
reaches middle C.
At first he will need much relaxing
after his long journey of three octaves
and back — in fact, it would be well to
let him stop playing entirely for a
moment after finishing the use of the
••water motion," as the rest will be of
great advantage to him at this June-,
ture.
Don't forget to go back to first prin
ciples every little while— it is impor
tant now, as at all times. ,
In this three-octave scale the pu
pil's arm should be particularly free.
In a frequent, natural progression
up or down the scale as the case may
be. the wrist plays a great part,, mov
ing continuously up or down the key
board to assist the' fingers to go over
or under, and at the same time hold
ing itself in a parallel position and
perfectly relaxed. In other words,
its position is almost identical with,
that of the wrist in the "water mo
tion," and as the scales become more
and more rapid the similarity between
the two motions is more marked. 1 In
fact, in a very rapid scale the wrist
glides quickly from one end of the
piano to another, while the notes fall
from the tips of the fingers Just like
drops of water. ; • -
Thus it will be seen that 'the "wa
ter motion" is to be more and more of
a help as time goes on; in fact, scale
playing is only-one of many things
•wherein its great benefit will be
proved.
Right here I want *to. remind^oxxr
pupil not to forget the necessity of
raising his fingers, as quickly as possi
ble, whether in a fast or slow scale.
It is very important. in rapid. playing,
if one wishes to acquire a clean, clear
cut "tone;- Remember" this, "not once,
but ever>' time. v
Also watch the hand to see that It
is keeping its proper position. Go
back to the "hand shaping" exercise
once in a while, comparing the "per
fect playing position" with^the posi
tion of your hand when you are in the
midst of your scale, and if the result
is not perfectly satisfactory keep at it
until it is. - •
« • " ?' "
A good aid to melodious and rhyth
mic scale playing will be found in the
metronome, if prudently and Judicious
ly used. Mark my qualification, how
ever, for unless the^instrument is used
understanding^', it is harmful rather
than advantageous.
It should never be used in playing, or
Jn practicing pieces when taken as a
whole, although when working out any
knotty little piece it is of great help
when used in the right way. \
Its original use was to set the proper
time at which pieces of music were to
be played, and the little numbers are
often to be found at the top of a sheet
of music, showing the desire of "the
composer in this respect. I shall ex
plain all this more fully later .on. For
our present needs it is sumcient to say
that the metronome is a time-beater,
which one winds up like a clock and
which beats rapidly or slowly at the
will of the student, by raising or low
ering a little weight on the pendulum,"
easily adjusted by the finger.
In working ud scales to greater and
greater-velocity, I know of nothing else
of so much assistance to the pupil; and
it docs not tend to make the
playing mechanical in the very least
when used for this purpose and ho
other. -:.v*
A good Maelzel metronome (to.be
purchased at any music store) costs
only $3 or ?4 and will last a lifetime.
I strongly advise one for our little pu
pil and he may begin to use it at once
in this way:
After wiirtllng up the metronome,
place the weight at the figure 50 and
start the pendulum going by. touching
it with the finger.
Fifty is a very slow count— Just about
what the pupil has been counting in
his slow scale. Each time, the pendu
lum ticks,; he strikes a note, until he
has played one octave scale through
once. Then (while the metronome
still goes placidly on, he begins his
two-octave scale, Splaying two notes to
the tick - of the metronome, enipha-'
sizing every other note, "that is, the
ones that come on the stroke of the
metronome.
as well. as conferring one on the State as a •whole. A good
many thousands of ddilars' worth of gifts of one, kind or
another are going to'be sent out from California between
now and January i, and if those who are to send them
would give .some thought to the State while selecting the
presents, the results would help to make Christmas
merry for folks at home as well as fornho'se beyond the
Rockies. • ¦¦•'." ... •. -. '¦' '; •.•'.
THE MESSAGE ON LABOR AND CAPITAL.
THE SAN^ FJRANGISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY; DECEMBER 9, 1903.
the san :-':;F|^i^^^0;;-Vc;|^lS
JOHN D. SPFECKELS, Proprietor. . . . ... \ .-. . Address All (ammuoicatidrrs ;to JOHN McNAtfGHT^ Manager
Publication Office .-..' < t gfj|P||^> . . . .Third and Market Streets, S. F.
WEDNESDAY. /.;.<. V^... ;.......:..... :.. v .^ 9. i9<>3
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
8- Since. 1852 more than ,26,000 .convicts
have \bren* s«*nt -to .French". Guiana., of
whom 81 % P^r cent died . of . disease,
hardship arcl insufficient food
Samuel Holmes was convicted : by/ a
jury in* Judge Dunne's court yesterday
on a charge of robbery 1 and will be
sentenced on Saturday. Holmes. .Jo
seph Thomson and Frank, Williams
were charged with snatching a purse
from -Miss Emily -Figuera at; Leaven
worth and Post streets on the night of
September 2 6. <; .Williams ; pleaded
guilty when arraigned, Jbut. has not'yet
been . sentenced: : : : .It'l3 said that .Thom
son will now plead gruilty.
Convicted of Robbery.
s The only -witness examined yes
terday in the suit for; $100,000 dam
ages of. J.' H. McCarty. against the
Master 7 Horseshoers' Association * and
the Journeymen : Horseshoers' Union
was Frank B. Cox. McCarty's .book
keeper."; He testified as to the amount
of/ money. McCarty. had invested in his
business and as to the profits made
out of "shoeing. horses. > He said that a
"set .S of four, shoes yielded I a': profit'" of
$1.4 9' to McCarty.. . -. .
'• ¦-.; Profit in Horseshoeing.
-: , : ,The ' offices will be , ¦ moved to Sari
Francisco during the coming week and
will ¦ henceforth be directly under the
management of the powers of. the
Southern Pacific Company.
finally been confirmed. / : s "" •
At a meeting of the directors of. the
road last Saturday in Stockton a prop
osition, to move the offices of the com
pany to' this city received *sonTe oppo
sition^and.v/as finally put to a vote. It
was'^then developed that Harriman
controlled three-fifths- of 'the capital
8tock'of the .company . and that.. the
balanced was divided equally between
two interests, represented respectively,
by J. , A. s Hooper, the lumberman of
this :city, and ex-Governor James* H.
BudcL V:;, ' ; '.-¦''.;¦ ¦/.':. .'.- V,,^:-'; \ •
The recent published, report that
Henry E. Huntington had disposed of
his holdings in.' the Stockton Street
Railroad to President E. H. Harriman
of the Southern Pacific Company has
Southern Pacific President Is Forced
to Show His Hand at Directors'
Meclins: in Mill City.
HARRLMAN NOW CONTROLS
STOCKTON'S STREET ROAD
\Enrique Cano afforded considerable
amusement yesterdaY morning during
the progress of a Coroner's ' inquest
into the cause of death of Germain
Ventajou, a French laundryman who
committed suicide in the cellar of his
residence, 1014 Powell street, by cut
ting his throat with a razor. Cano was
one of the persons who found the body
on October 30, three weeks after, Venta
jou had dteappeared beyond the horizon
of the detective police. He intimated,
on the witness stand, that the police
might have had something to do with
Ventajou's untimely, ending and, with
many dramatic gestures .and. much
vehemence, declared that the police
were suspectable characters and, point
ing a finger at Detective Wren, added
that Wren was one of them.
It appeared from the testimony, that
three weeks 'before Yentajou's body
was found in the cellar, in an advanced
stage of decomposition, he had pur
chased p. quantity of new furniture
for the woman with whom he .was
living as his wife, and that on the day
of his disappearance he and the
woman had a quarrel,- in the course-of
which he struck her, with a chair. and
knocked her down. The. .woman was
removed to the French Hospital for
treatment. The police Searched for
Ventajou everywhere 'but in the cellar
of his own residence ajid, of course,
did not succeed' in finding him. In the
meantime all. the furniture was re
moved from the" house/ by whfcm or by
whose order, could not be learned by
the friends of the suicide. As soon as
the woman, who had passed aa" his wife,
recovered, she disappeared 'and all
trace of her was Most.Vsb" far as the
Coroner's office" wa*s "concerned. *
Cano appeared to think "that the de
tectives had had something to do > with
the disappearance of the -furniture,
but he was unable to give any grounds
for his suspicion: .'*
, The jury returned a verdict' of sui
cide. . ' .
Insinuates' on the Witness
Stand That the Detectives
Looted a Dead Man's House
ENRIQUE CANO
HAS A THEORY
DEMENTED WOMAN \ WHO
TRIED TO INCINERATE
HERSELF AND NEIGHBOR.
BERLIN. Dec. 8.— Russia more than
a year ago completed a new railroad to
the Prussian frontier, by way of War
yaw and Kabisch, but the frontier
junction at^ Skalmierneyce has not yet
been made. It is now said that the
Russian Government has ordered the
frontier at that point to remain closed
until Germany renews her commercial
treaties. The order inconveniences Rus
sian commerce equally with Germany's
commerce. ¦ / *•
IIii««in Retaliates Upon Germany.
Louise Sauer obtained a verdict for
$2000 damages against the Eagle
Brewing Company yesterday from a
Jury in Judge Kerrigan's court. She
sued for $5000 for injuries received by
being knocked down and run over by
a team owned by the defendant. The
accident occurred at the corner of
Twenty-second and Howard streets
4ast, April. *
Given Damages for Injuries.
Berber recently made complaint to
the Society for the Prevention of Cru
elty to Children that Mrs., Bartels was
maltreating her. children. He claimed
that "she had pulled nearly all the hair
from her " stepdaughter Clara's head.
Numerous other neighbors made sim
ilar reports to the , society. Secretary
White and Officer McMurray of the so
ciety,, Investigated. the case last week
and found no evidence of any such cru
elty as was charged. Mrs. Bartels said
that the neighbors were persecuting
her and told the officers named that
she had.sent the children: to live with
Mrs. Thompson of 159 South Park.
She seemed to be very much un
nerved- by> the alleged ; persecution^df
her ; neighbors and tenants while talk
ing to Secretary White, but showed no
signs of insanity at the time. :1
She paid Mrs. Thompson for, the care
of her children and later' in , the I week
removed them to a Catholic, home,"
where they were .placed .in charge of
Father Scanlan.
The patrol wagon was summoned
and Policemen Riordan and Morrison
removed the woman to the Emergency
Hospital and later, on the advice of
Fire Marshal Towe, she was placed in
the detention ward of the Hospital for
the Insane.
The kitchen In which Mrs. Bartels
attempted to incinerate herself is but
six by eight feet and presented a gory
appearance, blood having flowed over
everything. The entire surface of the
four walls was burned to a crisp by
the hot flames of the coal oil. .
At the hospital the flow of blood from
the woman's wounds was stopped and
she was; placed under the Influence of
opiates* She slept most of the after
noon. She will be brought before the
Lunacy Commission in a few days and
will, in all probab^Ity, be committed
to an insane asylum.
In response to Fire Marshal Towe's
questioning, Mrs. Bartels tried to ex
plain that ahe did not set the house on
fire. "There is no fire," she said. "I
cut my wrists because I was desnjpn
dent." I want to die."
SAYS SHE IS PERSECUTED.
REMOVED TO HOSPITAL.
Russell seized a bucket of water and
with much difficulty succeeded in ar
resting the progress of the .fire. The
Fire Department responded to an alarm
and completed his work. In the excite
ment, while the rear door of the kitch
en was being broken down, Mrs. Bar
tels unlocked the front door and ran
out, screaming the while, and. speeded
up Stevenson, leaving a wake of blood
on the sidewalk from the gushing cuts
on her wrists. When. the bleedfng wo
man reached the corner of Market and
Seventh streets, she fell to the sidewalk
in a faint.
of fiendish glee. William Russell, a
Janitor in the Callaghan building. \^ho
lives in the flat below, heard "the
screams and.. hurrying to the scene, ar
rived in time to see Mrs. Berger break
ing in the door in the rear of the
kitchen.
. Mrs. M. F. Bartels. an elderly wo
man residing at 535% Stevenson street,
who is undoubtedly demented, attempt
ed to Incinerate herself in a little kitch
en at the rear of her house yesterday
morning. Prior to saturating the room
with coal oil and setting it on fire, the
insane woman cut the large arteries in
both of her wrists in a vain effort to
end her life. Driven from the raging
flames by the efforts of rescuers, she
fled along the street until her strength
waned from loss of blood and she sank
to the sidewalk in a faint.
The woman, according to the stories
of neighbors, has been acting queerly
for -some time. She owns the property
where she fives and lets out a store
and two houses. H£r own house she
rents in part to roomers. She also owns
considerable property in San Jose, left,
by her first husband.
She had been in San Jose and re
turned recently to her home on Steven
son street-
Yesterday morning, between 10 and
11 o'clock, Mrs. George Berger, wife of
a barber, who occupies rooms in Mrs.
Bartels' house, discovered flames issu
ing from the landlady's kitchen and
heard the demented woman's screams
Accused of Buying Stolen Twine.
Ah Lee of the Washington Broom
Factory, Merchant and Battery streets,
was arrested on a warrant charging
him with receiving stolen property.
The complaining witness is Policeman
E. J. Thompson, who alleges that
George Stulz and Frank Rodeick, the
two boys arrested by him for stealing
twine from the Van Laak Manufac
turing Company, 3178 Seventeenth
street, will testify that they sold the
stolen twine to Ah Lee.
No arre3ts,have as yet been made,
but it.is hinted that there will be some
in a day or two.'
Louis "Rose, one of the firm, was
brought from his house and under
went a severe examination by the Fire
Marshal. He protested that he a and
his clerk, J. Berkman, locked up the
store early in the evening and attend
ed a dance on Sixteenth street, near
Church. He hinted at persecutors
and when asked if anything was miss
ing from the store said that some
hams were gone, officials did not
believe his story and are inclined to
think that some one connected with
or familiar with the place set it on
fire.
Fire. Marshal Towe scouted the idea
that any one from the outside would
ever take the time and trouble to \>ut
ty up all of the airholes in the cellar
before. starting the fire. Still further
he argued that there were no signs of
any one having broken into the store.
Berkman, the' other member of the
firm, is away at the present time. . The
Fire Marshal and other : officials, al
though they have no definite case as
yet against Rose, gave the Impression
that «they suspected him of the act,,
which, had it not miscarried, would
have undoubtedly resulted in the loss
of several lives.
ROSE IS QUESTIONED.
Fire Marshal Towe arrived on the
scene soon after the discovery of the
blaze and at once proceeded to make
a rigid investigation. • He found that
the inside of the lock on the front
door of the stone-had been unscrewed,
as if with the intention of misleading
the officers into the belief that the
fire was the work of burglar3. The
firemen think . that the tire^, was set
early in>»the evening and. that.^he in
cendiaries returned later to see why
it had not gained headway. , At this
time they took the lock from the door
to mislead the officers.
An investigation showed that the
fire was the carefully planned work of
an incendiary. A large iron bar had
been placed against the door of the
basement leading to the street and
every opening was puttied up tight.
The odor of coal oil was strong on
everything. It was due to the seal
ing of the vents in the cellar that the
flames did not burn more rapidly and
consume the entire building, with its
sleeping occupants.
When the firemen arrived they
found the door leading into the cellar
from the street securely barred. The
front door of the store, which had
been locked when tried by the patrol
man, was found to be unlocked. En
trance was gained to ,the basement
through the store.- The firemen were
driven back by flame j^nd smoke when
they broke open the door. After three
quarters of an hour of hard work
Captain Welsh and his men succeeded
In putting out the blaze.- * .
STORE DOOR UNLOCKED.
At 1 o'clock Patrolman Cooney
tried the door of the store, according
to his custom, and found it securely
locked. An hour later the sleeping
inmates of the rooms over the gro
cery were awakened by two sharp ex
plosions. , Seibert ' rushed into the
street, saw the glar^ of the flames- in
the basement of the ; store and- noti
fied Engine Company No.. 7, across the
street. >
When the firemen of Engine 7 re
sponded to an'alarm abo'ut 2:20 yes
terday morning in the grocery of Rose
& Berkman at the corner of Sixteenth
street and Albion avenue they found
all of the'doors barred. There was a
strong odor of coal oil in the base
ment, where the blaze was, and every
door and window, in the place had
been securely sealed with putty. Sheet
tin had been nailed across the glass
windows and around the rims of these
sheets was a- mass of -putty. :
* Some one had made a vicious at
tempt to burn the building: As early
as 7 o'clock in the evening L. F. Sei
bert and wife, who live above the
store, smelled the odor of coal oil,
but thought nothing of it.
Garnett. who had passively listened
to the proceedings, was then taken
from the courtroom and delivered into
the custody of the Sheriff and later on
was removed to the County Jail.
Df. Bacigalupi, autopsy surgeon to
the Coroner, was then sworn, and he
testified to holding an autopsy on the
body of Major J. W. McClung.
The autopsy surgeon described the
course taken by the bullet fired by
Garnett into McClung's body and as
serted that the wound had caused
death.
"That is the case for the people,"
said District Attorney Byington. .
Attorney Alford informed the court
that the defense had no witnesses to
call.
Judge Fritz then held Garnett for
trial in the Superior Court without
bail.
Garnett was taken into the Police
Court yesterday and locked up in the
dock and. when his case was called,
he was allowed to take a seat beside
his attorney, W. H. Alford.
District Attorney Byington appeared
for the prosecution and Informed the
court that only one witness remained to
be called, as all the evidence had been
presented on the previous day.
Alexander Garnett was held for trial
in the Superior Court yesterday by
Police Judge Fritz on a charge of hav
ing willfully murdered Major J. W. Mc-
Clung. on the evening of November 25
last, at the Palace Hotel.
Incendiaries Sprinkle Coal Oil
About and With Tin and
Putty Try to Seal All Vents
No Defense Is Presented at the
Preliminary Hearing Held
Before Police Judge Fritz
ACCUSED IS IMPASSIVE
HUMAN LIVES ENDANGERED
Fire Started in Basement of
Bose & Berkmah's Grocery Is
Revealed Through' Explosions
Slayer of J. W. McClung Is
Bemanded for Trial in Su
perior Court Without Bail
DementecJ-Mrs. Bartels Guts Arteries in Both
Her Wrists, Sets Room /oh Fire With "Goal
Oil and' Is Saved With Much Difficulty
ATTEMPT MADE
T O BURN STORE
GARNETT HELD
FOR MURDER
GLEEFUL AS LIFE BLOOD FLOWS
AND FLAMES RAGE AROUND HER
THE $AN ) FRANtlSGO. ~CAI£, jAVED^HSDAY^ DECOIBER 9, :1903.
9
1 7 . AMUSEMENTS.
LAST 5 NIOHT&— Matinee Saturday.
Viva. Brady's Elaborate Production of the
¦ ¦ Greatest of AH Pastoral Plays.
Way Down East
By Lottie Blair Parker.
Elaborated by Jos. R. Grierner.
Laet Time Xaxt Sunday.
BEGIN 2TX2TG If EXT KON3AY,
The Greatest of Singing Comediennes,
LULU GLASER
In SUnge & Edwards' . Dainty Comic Opera.
DOLLY VARDEN
Management F. C. Whitney.
SEAT SALE BEGINS THURSDAY
MATINEE TO-DAY, WEDNESDAY, DEC. 9.
Parquet, any seat, Balcony. lCc; Chil-
dren, any part except reserved»_J0c.
Dazzling^Vaudeville !
Paulino Hall; Frunccsca Redding and
Company; Ilincs and Remington;
''Bonner"; Hal Godfrey and Com-
pany; Agnes 3Iahr; Clarice Vance;
Joseph Xewnian and the Brlttons.
fAlilFQFlN7/\
1| y% TO-NIGHT.~ ~1f"\
I The Ever Welcome Favorite, [f \
YON SON
With Nelse Erickson. the greatest of all
Swedish dialect comedians.-
UEXT SUNDAY
JOS. HART. . FOXY
CARRIE DE MAR in GRANDPA.
Exactly as given 230 nights In New York.
ALCAZAR ffi
_ . General Manager.
-positively' this week only. t
The Extraordinary Romantic Comedy. '
A ¦.¦ROYAt PRISONER
HAS DELIGHTED THE CRITICS.. |
"The last act is th» best of all. When the
curtain fell the crowd' didn't want to move."
— A«hton Stevens in 'Examiner.
. "I v.'ouldn't have missed it for anything.
Nor should you." — Blanche Partington in Call.
Beautiful Effect!! — Brilliant Costumes.
Evga.. 25c to Toe; Mats.. Sac. & Sun., 13c to 50c.
NEXT MONDAY— Brilliant Presentation of
David . Belasco and Franklin. Fyles'
; .Famous. Military. .Drama..
THE GIRL I LEFT BEHIND ME.
CHRISTMAS WEEK— BLUE JEANS.
Market St.. Near Eighth. Phone South 833.
TO-N'IGHT— ALL" THIS WEEK.
. MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
- The Stupendous Sensational Melodrama.
NEWYORK DAY BY DAY
Matchless Original Story.' Great -Heart Interest
s ¦ and- Abundant Comedy. ,
"#% f" ¦¦ The Leap for Life from Harlem Bridge
VLL The Uuinins Of the Canal Roat. ;j
¦JLL. The Vision of Poverty and Wealth.
, . .. The . Manrelous Electrical Effects. w
PDirGC Evenings.. :.....:. .10c to 50c
lalWCj matinees..*.. ...:.. .;;.M0c. 13c, 25c
. Monday. December ll.V
"THE SCOUTS REVENGE." I-
w. -r, hess.
Notary Public aad Attorn ey-at-law- -.
TenthFloor. Room'1015, Claus SpreckeU bldg.
¦BUPK? Telephone Main US3. " '--
Rtsldecce. 821 Callfon.la st.. below PowelL
. Residence Teljphtr.e James ISOL
AMUSEMENTS.
MATINEES TO-MORROW AND SATVRQAT.
LAST FOUR NIGHTS
MARIE HEATH
IN THE CHARMING RURAL DRAMA OF
NEW EN'GLND LIFE.
FOR MOTHER'S SAKE.
NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT. J.H. Stoddirt am
ReuiJEf! Fax jn THE EOXNIE BHIER BUSH.
pnircc. EVENINGS I5c. 25c. fCc. 75o
rnIVE3. MATXNECS 15c. 23c. &3o
Go Where the Crowds Go. Do as Others !>•.
To Laugh Your AVretched Blues A*ay
. Jiut Go Sec
ill £"%J^U I
I The New Musical Burlesrjue lhat Is th* TaU
of the Town and the Hit of the Season \
Our "All Star" Oast. inclu<ilnsr: Kolh anj
Dill. Earnpy nernarrt. Wlnfiel.l Rlako Mautte
Amb»r. Gcorff-Ia Ollamey, Ben T. DilJon. Al-
thea Twin9.
Next Monday— First appearance of ALLE.V
CURTIS, the world's greatest Hebrew Come-
dian. Novel stage effects and magnificent ro«.
tuaies. New music, new songs and new Jckea.
Se«3 two weeks In advance. Matinees Satur.
I day and Sunday.
MATI2TEE3 SATURDAY AJTD ST72*2>AT
6 — HX6ETS OSI>7 — 5 :
ELLERY'S ITALIAN BAND
TO-NIGHT TVAGNER-GOrNOD.
Programme Changed at Every Performance.
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2:3<> IN' GREEK THE-
* ATEIt. BKRKELET ITNIVERSITY.
TAKE 1 OR l:3O BOAT.
ADMISSION 5O CENTS.
.Beginaiag raiDAY NlOir -Aiiitiaa*'. ftitart.
'M.A MOHESCA" TROUPE GF SWORD iME^I '
The SENSATION OF THE SEASON.
Reserved Se3t3. 25c 60c. 753
BOX Offlca— SSESatAS, CI.AY ft CO.'O,
THE ALLEN SISTERS
'And a Great Show Every Afternoca 134
Evening la tna Theater:
INTERESTING BABIES IN THE INFANT
INCL'BATORS.
HAMADEYAS XS THE ZOO:
TO-NIGHT I
Benefit for tie BOASD OP SELlEy,
raEPROVED OS9EX RED MSK.
A1IAT3U3 NIGHT THT7BSDAY.
When Phoning Ask for "The Chutes."
Racing; iSjSll^fkinj!
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
V .NEW CALIFOKNIA. JOCKET CLUB.
Commencing November' 14. •
F.«c!nf Each .Week Day. Bala or Sb!aa>
Six or! More Races Daily.
Rices ccmraeact at 2:11 p. m. iharp.
For special trains stopping me th« track UU
g -p.- y trxy> foot of Market streat. at I*
12:30. 1:00. 1:30 or 2 o'clock. Vo smoklac la
last two cars. . which art r«*erv«i tor UJ1««
and their escorts. ¦ /
Retcrnlnff. trains lear* track at 4:13 %%\
«:<i and Immediate! j after th* tas: race.
' . -¦ THOMAS H. WILLLA.MS. Pre*ld«ofc
PERCT Wv TREAT. Secretarr.
|^y^^^^^^^ Yj[ yf^^ l^^^3 4^^1 Ei^ x^^»
%J0 FAVQRITE
pSCRIPTION
£1 FOR WEAK WO MEW.
1 ?^^ UM CEREAL..
TWICE WOX.
Wife Tell in Love With Husband "All
i Over
The wife of a well-known attorney
at law of Seward, Xebr., tells the tale
worth reading: "My husband was a
soldier in the Civil War and was, as he
called himself, 'an old coffee cooler'
and had always drank v*ry strong cof-
fee.
"About a year ago he complained of
a feeling of falntness every time after
climbing his office stairs and was also
troubled by terrible headaches that al-
most drove him wild.
"He gradually grew weaker and
weaker until his affliction culminated
in nervous collapse and for weeks he
seemed to be fading away from us in
spite of all our efforts.
"The physicians pronounced him
strong and well with .. no organic
trouble whatever, and there seemed to
be nothing the matter except the com-
plete giving out of his nervous system.
"The doctors decided that coffee was
at the bottom of all his trouble and
ordered Postum Cereal in its place. He
improved daily, since he <iuit coffee and'
began drinking Postum^ind now says he
feels better than he has felt for twenty
years; headaches are gone, no more
fainting spells and is gaining in .flesh
every dav. and he. seems so much
younger and heartier and happier than
he has for years that I have fallen in
love with him over again.
"Now for my brother's case; a few
years ago he had a peculiar trouble.
His tongue was swollen and sore at
the roots and covered underneath with
festers. .
"He. thought his affliction was of -a
cancerous nature, and his doctor was
or the same opinion. He could scarcely
eat anything, and became so poor and
xun down he was eirjiply a.^ nervous
wreck. He . consulted various phy-
sicians, but. none were able to diagnose
bis case or help him in the least. ¦
"At last a doctor to whom he applied
paid he believed my brother was cof-
fee poisoned and advised him" to quit
ceffee and drink. Postum. He gave him
no medicine, but told him to give
Postum a fair trial and return to him
jn six weeks. My brother had used
Postum only about ten days when the
festers disappeared from his tongue,
and at the end of two # weeks the sore-
ness and swelling- were gone and he
began to pick up in flesh, and spirits.
"He has never touched coffee since,
but drinks Postum all the time, and
baa never had the slightest return of
the trouble. . . ' , .
"To look at my experience, is it any i
wonder I can write a' heartfelt testi- j
rhonial . for . Postum ?" . Name given ¦ by
Postum Co.. Battle Creek, Mich.
Look- in each package for a copy of
the famous little book, "The Road to
. ; ADVERTISEMENTS.
I Wright 1
Medical Institute, 1
305 KEARNY ST. 1
Thoroughly equipped .for modern n
treatment of the sick and afflicted. E
Goniult our physicians at office or by M
WE POSITIVKLT CURE . H
. Female. Diseases, chronic affection* of H
thc - Sforrjach and Kidneys, Scrofula and W\
all Blood diaea!>e8. Catarrh, Asthma, 5
Rheumatism. Sciatica. Paralysis and B
Spinal clf5eases.' " ~ • H
MEN. consult our specialist and be V*
convinced of his sUDerlor ability. •' pj
PILES and all rsctal diseases treated B>|
on a positive guarantee. E.J
Consultation free at office or by u
, WRIGHT MEDICAL INSTITUTE. £1
305 KEARNY ST.. H
' San • Francisco. Cal. pj
|arr^^ in bran d 1
I 15CENTS.2FOR25CENTS U
M CLUICTT, PE*BODY A CO. H
9 IfxkeTS ot Clcett and Monarch Shtrta ||
1 $EE1&S I:
I Tho Highest Priced but |
| tho Best Quality. I
I. SOLD EVERYWHERE. |
R HILBERT MERCAJmLB CO.. ¦
R. Paclflc C/Mst Acenta. fl
* Nir 1 * * J iu'h nil Mf i ft i wrr *ut" vi *m£&
P^i^ff* DON'T PAfL TO
laiawW see t h e beautiful
j COURT Lounging
rom. the EMPIRE
u "** . PARLOR, the
. , W ¦ ' J PALM ROOM, the
Ifrfttifl LOUIS XV PAR.
uiuiiu LOR and the LA .
: liil 1^ DIES* WRITING
Hotels room J
A visit DR. JORDAN'S great Q
AHUSEUH'ORARATOKY^
:fr' 'rQ& :1031MA2XSSS?.tsV$':k*7:i,S.F,CiI. h
¦ X n , ¦ The I.ar^dtAnatomicaKMBsemBmtbe \
0 ~^& T^i'2 Wemkaes^w ot a«y comtaciert A
® S lS8 ontheCcis- list. 36 years. O
A fl^£S DR. JORDAM-D'SEASES OF M£H A
\ »C5JSj&^ Con«ult*:icn free aril «ri«-tly private. \
a R Xa&n Trmmeni p<>r*onAliy or by lr:ter. A Q
V R IT T* U Poiitirc Curt fa e»«:y c«e usdrnakea. T
A & H list -Wjiwfor »¦*»*. r aaesornv ot A
"' if II" KARnlACE, 'MAILED 1-REB. (AT,
\ O - ¦' lp ' »»'u»We bonk for mrn ) :.\. ; \'
\f DBJORDAS itf'O.. IOTl.MarketSt..S. F.W
Jft Thoso suffcrine ¦ from weak-
. ' w**. nesses which sap the pleasures
B B -¦¦-of life shouM takclureri Pills.
~. ¦-. ¦ \ isi ¦ One bottle will tell n story of
marvelous results." .This medicine has more
rejuvenatine. vitalizing force than has ever
been offered. Sent by mail in plain package
only on receipt of this adv. and $V ¦
iMade, iby its originators C. I. Hood Co.. pro-
prietors Hood's ' Sarsaparilla- Lowell. « Mass.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTCRS/ THJK
-.Great .Mexican- Remedy: Elves health and
ttrencth to texual. organs. Depot. S2J Marks:.
./_ , .ADVEBTISEMENTS. '' , •., .*.
Ida M Tarbell's^ ' 8 * M
STORY; OF ROCKEFELLER 1
in her History of the Standard Oil Company [;
is "one of the most remarkable and stirring \
that has ever appeared in a magazine," 'says f
the Chicago Record-Herald. The chapter [
in the Christmas McClure's is great./ A
; , ~ Every number of McClure's contains special articles — I
" articles of the greatest interest on subjects of burning *¦
national importance ; and good short stories — at least a half |
dozen — and always good. - I
SUBSCRIBE .h'XZ^TJZ 14 MONTHS \
i> W TV bers of tbis ytar free . *>1,UU H
"The S. S. McClure Company, 615 Lexington Building, New York, N. Y. (t|. ROME, Dec. 8.— The Government has de
cided to * make -excavations; under the Corso
(so. called from the horseraces at the carnival
first oermlttea by -Paul II) in th« belief = that
there. will berfound there portions of Important
antique"; monumt- . '....¦....: ¦/ ¦-¦>
Minnesota-California Game on New
Y'ear's Day Hinges on Settlement
of . This Question.
MINNEAPOLIS, Dec. 8.— The Minne
sota' AthWtitT Board of , Control at its
vmeetlng'; to-day passed a resolution
granting ; the'V football team permission
to take the proposed trip to California'
'provided the approval of President
Northrop and Dr.- Williams was gained.
This makes it" practically certain that
the .team v will, go^to-_ the? coast" for a
game 'with the University of California
in San Francisco on New Year's day. \
President Northrop* has already given
his cons'ent ; to the trip provided Coach
Williams • or; Prof eosor Jones accompa
nies ¦ the ; team. : ; Manager Barnard ;and
eighteen players will be in " the/ party.
The final arrangements have not; been
made, as California- still insists .that
she will; pay bnly^the expenses of
twenty-men, allowing them a ten days*
stop in San Francisco. ¦ '. .
i The Minnesota management desires a
guarantee of (expenses and ; also an op
tion Ton" percentage of the gate.receiDts.'
FOOTBALL .MANAGERS FAIL
TO AGREE ON FINANCES
Hero of Four-Mile Race at Oakland
Scoi'cs at the Crescent ; ;¦,:
City.
NEW ORLEANS, Dec. 8.— Crescent
City, summary: '" : :'f •'.;'¦;;.''¦;
' First, -.race, five_.. frulongs- 1 — Irene
Lindsey woh.vMorning 'Star -I' second,
Little Jack'Horn'er third.: -Time, 1:02.
; Second race, six furlongs— Frank
Bell 'won, Big Ben second, Vanness
third.'. Time, 1:14 2-5.
Third race, four and a half fur
longs^Bountiful won, Symphony sec
ond, Trossachs third. Time,: 55*4-
Fourth race,' one mile-— Wltf ill won,
Ancke second, Bondage third.. Time,
1:42 1-5.';.- :-K. . _. J?* ' ':',¦'¦. ' .'i
"Fifth race, one and a half, miles— *
Siddoris won, Adelante second, Air
light third.. Time. 2:42.
Sixth- race, seven furlongs-^-Fore
sight 'won, <Rainlarid-'' second; inquisi
tive Girl- third. • Time, 1:31. ;
SIDDONS ISA WINNER.
AT NEW ORLEANS TRACK
XEW YORK, Dec. 8. — Regarding
their business to be quite as legitimate
as that of the bookmakers, the pool
room proprietors of this city have
formed a club to emulate the Metro
politan Turf Association, popularly
lchown as the "Bookmakers' Club.".
No attention will be given the social
side of clubdom, however, as the or
ganization's purpose, 'will be strictly
business. * The number of rooms in
thej'city: and .their location are to be'
regulated. A* fund wilk be created for
protection against raids ancl wire tap-'
ping. -Arrangements wiir be made, if
possible, whereby the club will take :
charge of the telegraphic V service of
its members and handle/ the money
paid out for it. An attempt will be
"made to persuade the telegraph com
pany against furnishing " race returns
to rooms not vouched for by the club.
\ One matter the new organization
has already settled. None of the mem
bers will post San Francisco races/
because they claim to have been bad
ly beaten many times . on them by
players who succeeded in getting re
sults first. — w " '
York for Business
Purposes.
They Have Formed a Club in Xew
POOLROOM PROPRIETORS
TO li^IULATE BOOKMAKERS
(5424)Illowaho HV. H. Ketcheman). 110
(53«5)Erne (J. Curl) ••••••••;• l £;
54ifl Discus (Johnson. & Co.) jj"
511.-: 'Caronal (C. "W. Chappelle) »•>
.VW'.» Solon (G. " Webb) "no
£5423 iB-nacio 'P. C. Donaleche),. »•'
<5405)*Buccleuth (B. Schreiber) ............. wj
5422 •James J. Ccrbett (W. M. Hedges) 9i
5410 Ulloa (Mrs. Owens) Ji
Fifth race— Six and a half furlongs; three
year-olds and up; selling: • ¦ .
5425 Harry Thatcher (Mrs. Hastings) 102
r^OS Quiet (H. K. Rowell) • •}«
(5.Tflfi)Laureatea iJ. Pelter) '. J«j
(5420)El Plloto (W. H. Hoa?) ••"JxH
5412 Aunt-. Polly (Graffort & Co.) 102
75380 'Dotterel (F. J. O'Rourke) %•••••'£:
5414 Quatre (E. Tierney) »»
539S »Alta O (Mrs. Hert2ell). .............. M
5412 'Puss Jn Boots (A. Josephs) ..:. »l
5425 Rollick (M. Jcnen) »"»
4900 Mocorito (J. Wellman)....... .: 'iS:
(5402)Velma Clark (J. J. McAlester) .y . 102
Sixth race— One and an eighth miles; three
year-olds and up; selling: :, : \ ,„,
5425 "Frank Woods (Garden City Stable), . .101
541» 'Cambaceres (V. Gilbert)... ;...;..U... "4
(MWIloyalty (H. Green).. .101
54 Hi I O,U (C. W. Chappelle)....'......'.... !••
540S Prestolus (F. Devin) . . . .V. . '..: "¦'
5422 Cougar (Boots & Hollenbeck>. . ; 1"2
5419 Ohio Girl (Larsen A- Co.)..i. >«•
5401 R!o Shannon (J. Coffey) . . .'.. ...;..". i"« «.«5s
•Apprentice allowance. . ¦« •
probable wxxrmcss. >f :. ~.i^
Pirat race — Xatla Walcott, Schwarz
wald, Sterlincr Towers.
Second race — Otto Stifel, Captain Tor
see. Miss Betty.. •
Third race — The Miller, Tom Slavin,
Karelio.
Fonrth race — Solon, Caronal, Eras.
Fifth race— -Vehna, Clark, ,E1 ; Piloto,
Quiet..
Sixth . race — Koyalty. : Prank Woods,
1OTT. . "- ¦ ¦ . ¦ ¦- -. -, .-."•
Yellowstone has always been, con
sidered an in and outer for some rea
son, but it must be admitted his per
formance yesterday was a startling
improvement, over the horse's race on
November 28. / On that occasion the
chestnut horseAvas a favorite.
. F. E. Shaw is a useful two-year-old
to be kicked about in selling races.
Three Eastern pickpockets have
been putting in their time to advant
age, operating in the evening among
the returning race track crowd at the
foot of Market street. Will they be
caught? Answer:"" No, they will not
be caught.
Sallie Goodwin ran in a face on De
cember 4 with Carson up;. It must
have been quite a relief to the mare
to have had . Knapp up yesterday.
: ENTRIES ' FOR ' TO-DAY.
- First' 'race — Six and a half furlong*;'three
year-olds and upward: selling:- -•
6420 Toto Gratlot ¦ (Barron &¦¦ Oo.)'. ..'..... 93
5396 Cherries (S. P. Tate) aa
6414 Sterling Towers (Stockton stable). ..102
- 45C8 Katie Walcott iE. Kauffman). .. ...102
542.'» 'Schwarzwald <B. - Schreiber). 94
4700 Carilee (Duncan & Co.) V. .'. .102
5:;S1 *t;itruda <Kirk -'&'¦ Co.).-.;. .....;..., 92
.... Bright Moon (J. Newman). ...;;.. .102
4137 Sir Lewis (J. M. Craned ...» ..107
KJ12 'Maud Muller 'Mrs. Miller)........ 89
4061 Border Mark (P Hawley)..... 94
5318 'Leash (L. Levy)..... 01
Second race — Six furlongs; two-year-olds;
purse:
5373 Ethel Abbott (Mrs. Miller)..... 97.
.....Foxy Grandpa (E. Polk) ......103
47*4 Strife (E. • Barron). ........ .;....... .104
(5403>Otto Stifel (B. Schreiber) .....107
(54C0)Mi8g Betty (T..' O Ferguson) ..104
54CM The Jew (R. Wilson) ;....;. 97 i
-.... Technique (J. Williams). ..'...¦...¦.... 0".
5415 Flea <V. Gilbert) ................... "J7
-5230 Atlantico (E. J. Baldwin) ........... .103
5415 Captain Forsee (Alameda stables) . . .107
5403 Wm. Parrish <S.\G. Morton & Co.)... 97
5421 BombardieWJennlngs & Co.).... 97
Third race — Seven furlongs; three-year-olds
and upward; eelllne:
5410 Canejo (G. B. Morris) ......;.. .105
5412 'The Miller (G.P.McNein. .......... »7
4775 'Platonlus (F. Edwards).:.... ;1O4
M13 Greyfeld <G. A. Davis) ........102
6078 Thcroa (E. Ross) 1C0
3917 *H P. Cane U. Gannon) ......... . .100
M81S Marelio (J. Qulnlan) \C2
5405 •Tamm (W. P. Magrane & Co.).... 96
54 Hi Miss Vera (P..O. Lynch).. . 102
' 5419 •Prince Blazes (E. Herz) '....,'.. ....100
5422 Tom Slavln (Clifford & Ca) . ..T... .1C5
. . : . Nell Holton (J. • Martin) . . . J . ... . . . . 1C9
Fourth race— One mile and fifty yards; three
year-olds and up: felling: .' . ¦
f.:»3 Diamante (W. J:,Sptert).. .100
54U Hellas Cree!y).-..i ............. ....Lo
>n 'itTiXulii im mMtMmn » Witliwu iw in mtm mil 'I
Jockey John Bullman is here after
a successful season on the New York
tracks. He will, rest up for a day or
two before accepting any mounts.
Bullman says J. Rarfsch will be here
this week, on his way to Bakersfleld,
where his parent3 reside. If he can
be persuaded to take mounts, Jay,
who led all the riders in France last
season, would be quite an addition to
the jockey ranks.
A report was circulated about the
track, yesterday that D. Hall, .one of
the ruled off riders, had admitted his
guilt to the stewards. The story was
absolutely without foundation.
the mile and a furlong selling event,"
Chub. PJ1 Oriente, Dr. Bernays and Ex
pedient all receiving more or less sup
port. Klldebrand took El Oriente out in
the lead and at a trifle shorter route the
Spiers entry could have won. Chub,
with J. Lewis up, proved the better
stayer, thousrh; winning by more than
t\Vo lengths in 1:52%. Dr. Bernays was
third.
NOTES OF THE TRACK.
D. Walsh's Sacramento Boy Will
Again Be a Contender In Rieli
Coursing Event.
D. "V^alsh's greyhound, Sacramento
Boy. twice winner of the John Grace
challenge cup,- will be a contender on
Saturday at Union Coursing Park,
when the stake is again up for decis
ion. The Boy arrived here from Sac
ramento yesterday, looking in his old
time form.
M. C. Delano's fast young grey
hound, McVey, was sent down from
Rocklir. yesterday to Trairter James
Sweeney, who will handle him in the
cup event. ' E. Scott of Sacramento
has entered Pomona, a brother to
Barge.
William Greichen of Fresno will be
represented by Runaway Actress and
Rich Array.
The draw will.be held at Pythian
Castle to-night under the auspices of
the Interstate Coursing Club. The of
ficers expect more than sixty-four en
tries and the prize money will be near
ly J 4000.,-
Important Decision for Bowlers
DAYTON, Ohio, Dec. 8. — A decision
of importance to bowlers and bowling
clubs intending to participate In the
national championship contest of the
American Bowling Congress at Cleve
land February 8 to 13; has been ren
dered by the executive committee. Un
der the Indianapolis plan of organiza
tion it was supposed that all entries
would have to be affiliated with one of
the local city associations. This, how
ever, is not the case. Any club or
bowler is eligible upon compliance
with the rules of the congress, but no
club is entitled to any voice in the
proceedings of the congress unloss af
filiated with one of tHe city associa
tions. >
Racehorses at Los Anseles.
LOS AXGELES,-. Dec. 8. — Two car
loads of horses containing the stable3
of John Brannon and the pick of Ed
ward Corrigan's stable have arrived
here and will be assigned quarters to
day at Ascot Park. Stable room is
filling up rapidly and a large number
of thoroughbreds are being exercised
every morning on' the roads, the track
being still in process of formation.
Manager Brooks received a telegram
from H. T. Griffin stating that another
big bunch of- horses had been shipped
from Bennings to this city yesterday.
Meekness magnifies the manly
EMPEROR WILLIAM EXPLAINS
POSTPONEMENT OF RACE
lie Wishes to Enter the Best Craft
That Can Be Constructed Within
the Empire.
NEW YORK, Dec. 8.— Baron von
Sternberg. who arrived to-day on the
Kaiser William IT,' said in speaking of
the health ,of the Emperor of Ger
many:
"He was in excellent health when I
left him and in good spirits too. 'He
speaks, however, in a low tone, so as
not to complicate his throat trouble/
Those who are in a position to know
all about him feel no concern whatever
over his condition."
The. Baron denied a report that he
was bringing a personal communica
tion from Emperor William to Presi
dent Roosevelt.
"I am charged, however." he said,
"with a communication from the Em
peror to the New York Yacht Club. It
relates to the proposed ocean yacht
race and explains why the postpone
ment from 1904 to 1905 was made. I
may say that the Emperor's reported
illness had nothing to do with this
change in dates. In this deep-sea con
test he wishes to enter the best craft
that can be constructed and to do that
he considered the time insufficient and
therefore has made known his wishes
that it be extended to 1905. During
that period he will invite plans from
every yacht designer within the em
pire." .
Yanger Knocks Out Murphy.
} CHICAGO. Dec. 8.— Benny Yanger of
Chicago knocked ouf Hughey } Murphy
in the third round of a six-round go
here to-night. Murphy put up a poor
fight. :. •
TWO TIMES WINNER
IS OUT FOR THE CUP
Barclay was found to be seriously
injured. He suffered a probable frac
ture of the collarbone and a badly
wrench right arm.
Galvin was found to be so weak that
the management refused 'to let him
and his partner, Bardgett, continue.
Bardgett cried biterly when he heard
the decision. Bedell was found to be
stunned by the. upset, but no bones
were broken. Rettich was not hurt.
Following is the midnight score of the
leaders: Content and Breton. Leander
and Butler. Krebs and Peterson. Xew
kirk and Jacobson. Eedell brothers
and Root and Doran, 880.
NEW YORK. Dec. 8. — The condi
tion of some of the riders in the bi
cycle race was made plain to-night,
when Galvin fainted from exhaustion
and remained unconscious for half an
hour. Galvin collapsed for the second
time shortly before midnight and fell
from his wheel, bringing down Bedell,
Menus, Barclay. Samson and Rettich
with him. Samson and Barclay turned
somersaults in the air and landed in
a heap in a box where, three men and
a woman were sitting:. Barclay was
knocked unconscious. The subjects of
the mishap were carried to their quar
ters.
One Faints From Exhaustion and
Brings Down Several Other Con
testants in a Heap.
BICYCLE RIDERS INJURED
IX THE SIX-DAY RACE
I OAKLAND C/LCETEACE— TUESDAY. Djc. 3.— Weather fine. Track fast.
Z4ZU. FIRST RACE— Futurity course; selling; S-yecr-o'.ds and upward; value to 1st. $3:5.
Index) .'- Horse and Owner. ; !Wt|St. V x . 14. ' %. Str. Fln.~i Jockey^ f~Op~Cl.
.%3TS jVellov.none. 4 <\V. P. Fin<?>. !!<«! 2 ... B 1 B l%5 "j 1 h jj. T. Shehn) 10 15
5.M2 lUttle Margaret. 3 (C. Young). t)S! 4 ... 3 Vs 4 1 <62 1 n iCbar.dlcr .j S 4
B816 M. Sherwood, 3 (Cameron)...! 00) 8 ... 1 h '_• % 1 >fc 3 l'ajHildebrand \~~ 10 12
8384 Adirondack. 3 (Shannon). | 05 7 ...101 81 «n 4 l'^J. Lewis... 10 12
fi378 lOur Pride. 4 (S. P> Tate). . .11100 .1 ... 2 1 1 h .1 1 fin ; L. Jackson. . S 0
5412 IHandprens. a (JIagrane) |103 11 ... J) 1 10 U t 8 2 fi >i jj. Booker.. 3 2
•ViSti {Madam Bishop, a' (Strite). . . . |100| 5 ... • 7 i*j tS n 4 v, 7 1 IKunr .. 5 8
5412 jMHas. 4 (J. Hanna> ...... }100 «... 82 7 h 7 n,« t |T. Kflly... 15 12
rttOS Lurehe, 4 <\V. [ I.." Pritchard).. 102 t2 ... 11 n ".2 11 » 2 C ¦ Kelly... 12 4ft
KS8 IThecdora L» .1 (P. E. Smith). OSllO ... 12 11/3 » 1 10 2 U' Jones..- 12 SO
MOS lllippona.t. 6 (P. G. Kane).... 1O4| S . V . 4 2 :{ 1^10 14H 2 IHentierson |- 10 :«(»
RH9(i ISIr Christopher, a (Schrelber)l »)5| !) ... 6 n U 2 t2 t'.' lMcLaaKhln-| 15 20
Time— :2.Ti2. :47>^. l:10»a- At poft.B minutes. Off at 2:17. Yellowstone place C: fchow.
3. Margaret, place, 8-5: ishow. 7-10. Sherwood, show. 5-2.: Winner' ch. h. by Rey
Kl Santa Anlti-Florilla. Trained by W.-P. Fine. Start good for all' but Handpress.
Won in a hard drive of three. -Winner ran a vastly Improved race. Little Margaret did
rot have clear sailing throughout. With better luck Adirondack could have won. Hand
press not quite straight when : barrier went up. He was best. Madam Bishop only
dreaming. Luretts is fast but erratic. _ . . ; .
Z4'Z7. SECOND RACE — Five and a half furlcngs; selling; 2-yccr-olds; value to «lrEt. $325.
Index Horse and Owner. ; (WtlSt Vi- K. %'. , Str.' Fin. | Jockey. ' I Op. Cl"
(23S6) F. E. Shaw (W. B.. Sink Jr.) 1081 4 ... 3 % 2 n 2 2<£1 4 IFoley ......j 11-5/'. 1
BIOS Judse <M. J. Daly) 113 3..... 1 »4 1 1^1 n 2 n 'J Daly....! .T 4
B:JS5 Silent Water (R. A. Smith).. 97| « ... 4 U. 4 2%3 •>'& % iLarsen I « 7 "
C3S3 IMIfs Ringlets (Fergusdn) 1021 8 ... 7 n « Xi, 5 1^4 O |.I. Boofcer.. "15 20
.... lAndrew-B. Cook (Rtanfleld). . . IQ8| ft ... S VJ 5! 6n 5 4 Y< I King 20 30
K»l The Cure (W. Flshtr) ...... .1105) H ¦'.:. 8^92 72 fi 1 *IW. Waldo. . « ,8
<5192) Instructor (Boots & Hollenbk) 113| I ... 2 132 4" >4 7 2*iiC Kelly..." 7-2 S
(.lOfil) Oorgo Berry (Bottger & Co.). It:? 10 ... 10 10 10 iS Vi |W. Dugan.. 20 10
5409 Effervescence (Mrs. Coffey)... 95 7 ... 9 18 1 9 n ft 3 Ciosswalte 8 10
KSS5 Punctilio (Jennings & Co.)... 100 2 ... li 1 7 Vj S n 10 J. Martin.. 15 13
Time— :2.'J*i. -:48V*. 1 :07. At-post 1 minute. Off at 2:40. Shaw, place. 1-2; show. 1-4.
Judge, place. .6-5; show, 1-2. Water.- show. 6-5. J Winner. ".. ch. c. by - Masnel-Vio!a.
Trained by W; B. Sink Jr. Scratched — Lustig, Ansn!an. Start good. WoiHn a gallop.
Next three driving hard. F. E. Phaw beet. Judge ran . his . race. S'lent Water car
ried wide on turns by Instructor. letter ran out. 'Andrew Ccok .did well for a green
one. The Cure off poorly. Effervescence poorly ridden. , '¦ '¦¦ "
5-flIS. THIRD RACE— Futurity course; selllns; 3-year-olds ar.d up; value to- first, ?325.
Index . Horse and Owrfer. |Wt|St. %. %.¦_.«. Str. Fin. |_ Jockey. 1 Op. CK
5310 The Fog, 3 (W. B. Sink Jr.). 103 i ... 1 .T'.jl 6 15 1 3 >£ Foley. ...... 0-5 7-5
5412 iS. Goodwin, a (La Frances).. 100 2 ... 2 1«42 Vfc a »* 2 aj JKnapp .... 1«> 20
5W0 (Mountebank, a (Keating). 100 3 ... 5 n ft 1^3 n 3 1'AlHlldebrand .6 15
5.100 lOscarTolIe, 5 (Klunder & B.). 108 7 ... 7 l',A7 1>,£<S ->i 4 4 Haack ..... 8 20
r>41<5 lAllce Carey, 3 (McNaughton). 05 H ... 4 »4 3 1 5 Mi 6 2% Connell' .... 6-. 15
5374 jOroslus. 3 (Buckley &,Co.).. 00 5 ... il h 4 ,1 >i4 1 >4« '4 fj.T. Shechn :5 4
5412 My Surprise. 3 (W. Rogers).. 101 8 ... S n S »4 S3 7 2>,ilJ. Martin... 5-2 7-2
6384 iThisbe, a (McCoy & Co.) U0O 4 ... H 14 « n 7 2^8 2 iJ. Lewis'.... « ¦ »'
1.412 ;Maresa. 6 <R. E. Dolan) ! 98 9 ... 10 !) n ft 4 ft 4 iLarwn .... .0 12
5t<)2 IRInaldo. a (Sisklyou Stable), .j 105 10 ... 0 h 10 10 10 ' |L. Jackson.) S 15
Time — :23'A. :47. i:0fl"-;. At post l>i minutes. Off at 3:04V4: Fos, place. 3-3; ehow. 1-3.
Goodwin, place, S; ehow, 3. Mountebank, show, 5-2. Winner, ch. c. by Magnet-Tenebrae
Trained by W. B. Sink Jr. Scratched— Idogo. Start fair. Won easily. Next three driv
ing. The Foz off sailing. Sallie Goodwin did not have Carson up to-day.' Alice Carey
ran her race. Oroelus shy of 8peej^2Maresao?rpoorly^____^_^^^^
T>4'Zi>. FOURTH RACE — One and an eighth mlle«; Felling; 4-year-olds & up; to first, $325.
Indexl Horse and Owner. - IWtlSt. V*. J ,i. , %• Str. Fin. I Jockey. I Op. Cl.
M13 'Chub, a (Pelter & Co.) [1001 7 4 n ? M» 2 h 2 IVil 2«4 .1. Lewis r. 5
.Ml'.t iEl Oriente. 5 (W. J. Spiers).. !)S! 6 1 % -1 Vj 1-1HI n 2 \ Hlldebrand 5 0-2
(5tl3)!Dr. Bemays a (J. Conway).. 1071 4 3 1 3 2 4 2>44 2',i3 5 W. Waldo.. 7-2 I .
54dS Blessed Damozel. i (Chappelle) i»5i 2 7 4 7 2 7 1W V> 4 U Kunz ...... 8 8
5413 lExpedknt. C (P. E. Smith). ... 1 102 I ft 0 8 % R n T. 4 |J. 'Jones.'. . .1 9-2 ?
(541C)jSilvfr Fizz. 6 (G. Lanka) H07I 5 « 2 1 / J <; 5 r.?," 2 »! Vi IBlrkenruth 5 R
540S :Tonopah. I (E. SSrhlff)* HCOi K 2 1 2 -?i "• " ljj« n Chandler .. / 30 30
ri41B Ilnvlctus 5 (Mrs. Oabriel) ilOOl 9 ft h "» n 0 2 8 3 8 5 U. Martin... . 15 15
541 >i ITne I^adaean. 4 (Boots & H.).;iO31 3 8 1 U^ 1 0 0 '¦> |C. Kelly 20 ."0
Time •'»*'. 4 M0 TTl l:40',i. 1:52-"?;. At post U minute.' Off. at 3r4JU. Chub, place, 2.
show l" Oriente, Mace, S-5: show, 4-5. Bjrnayx. show, 4-5. Winner, b. g. by St. Mark
(niallVrpe Trained t'y J. Pelter. Scratched— Illowaho. Marelio. Arthur Ray. Start fair.
Won !n V d-!ve of three. Winner best. Kl Oriente stretched It out wsll. Joms not strong
enough to handle Expedient.' Too fast for S Iyer Flzs Probably. [^.
5-1RO. FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; otlling: 3-ycar-oIds and up; value to first. $325.
Indexl Horse ami Owner. IWtlSt. U- Vt- %• Str. Fin. |i Jockey. I Op. Cl*
<54~IS)!K M. Brattain, 4 (J. D. Mlllln)|lCS| 1 ... 1 IW IV2I >>•! n Ichnndler ...I 6-5. 1
5418 IMartinmas. 3 (C. Hen9hall)..|lO5! 5 ... 3h v > $ : l IK? l\b\O\\» ¦• ¦ •• ¦ A » 5-2
6381 Col .Van 5 (D. S. Fountain).; 1051 (5 ... « 15 « 20 5 2 3h IHilbedrnd .j 3 4
5394 Escalantf, 4 (C. H. Patten). ..ilU 3 ... 5 2 4 12^42 IWaterbury I 6 20
5-WS Reeves, n (Lomasney Bros.).. 110! 4. ... 4 1 51 fi 20 5 5 Foley ,20 30
4">87 !Oora I. i (W. If. Inglls). . . ,. .iK'2 2 ... 2h 2n 4n 0 20 IHolbrook .. 2rt 200
i SSfiS lLaptdup. 4 (M. J. Daly)......! 97 7 ... 7 7.7 7 WDaly.... 20 8)
5397 H'Nfrvator. 3 (Boots & H.I.. .. .[102 Left ¦ |C. Kelly 10 15
Tini? -24 TTl3 At post 2 minutes. Oft at 4:07%. Martinmas, place. 4-5; hhow,,l-3.
Van place «'i-.V show 1-2. Eacalnnte, show, 2. Winner- ch. g. bv Martagon-Nekomls.
Trained by'E. Wripht.' Siratched— Headwater. Aunt Polly. Quiet, Captivate. Start bad.
Wen all out Next three driving hard. ' Chandler on E. M. Brattatn let his mount bear
In on Martinmas the last part and he leg-Iockfd Otis besides. Colonel Van ran his rac?.
Escalante mleht have won with a good rids. Too fast fcr Reeves. •Disqualified for foul
¦ and placed 1 ast^ i^^_^^^__ i^. r^_ ) _ uo-o-)V ,^ L^^^^
." i::i. SIXTH RACE Mile and seventy yards:- purse; '3-year-olds and up: value to first. <325.
Index I Horse and~6wner. |Wt|St. \a . Vt- %• Str. Fin. I Jockey. .1 Op! CK
12. 1 f
'KJW 'Arabo' 3 (W. B. Jennings) |107 1 1 n 1 n 1 n 1 1 1 ns U. Martin.. 1 1
5417 iTJupont. 3 (G R Morris) 1106 2 7 7 5n 3n 2 4 {Adams « 10 .
54 7 Ishtar 4 (A. Josephs) 1105 :t 2h 3 n 4 1 5 n 3 h Hildebrnd . 8 1»
UC9 Bvron'Roee. 0 (R. WUiOii). ..I105 4 51 J ?| ;Mj! 4 2% R Wilson . 3 5-2
r .t04 Allrpath 4 (Lemasney) M05 7 4 % .4 lVi3 »i 4 «j B 1 F<-ley 5 7
5118 'jockey Club, 3 «W. Fisher). .) 107 ft 3 1 2 1^2 3>,i2 2V6« 5 IW. Waldo . 8 12
.... 1 Dolly Hayman. 3 (McLemore).'104| 5 63 5 % 7 7 7 |I»we 1 20 25
Time— "4H •481?,. l:13»i~l:40»i. I'**- At post 2Va minutes. Off nt 4:27Vi. Arabo. plac?,
°-5-"«>how 1-5 Dupont, place. 3; show. 1. Ishtar. 3how. 3-2. Winner, ch. c. by Nomad- j
Charm Trained fiy W B Jennings. Start fair, j Won in a very hard drive of two. Third
driving Arabo had all the luck. Dupont and Jockey Club collided at start, former los
tng a oouple of lengths. Ishtar looked out of it, but came again. Wilson no help to By
ron Rose. Jockey Club quit. Dolly not 1 ready.
Democrats in a Small Town
of Virginia Forcibly Oppose
Registration by Colored Men
NORFOLK, Va.. Dec. 8.— Democrats
in the town of Berkeley to-day drove
County Treasurer Lyons from his of
fice, where. It is charged, he was regis
tering nesrro voters, and the mob then
herded the negroes in one section of
the town. The streets soon filled with
men armed with shotguns and a re
quest was made for a company of mili
tia from Norfolk, but the riot was sup
pressed without the use of force. Coun
ty Clerk Martin was assaulted
in the Berkeley police station
while sitting at a table with
a negro Councilman. He was
roughly handled, and County Treasurer
Lyons was knocked down the stairs of
the Martin building, in which the al
leged registering of negroes was taking
place.
The mob was composed of about 300
men, all' white and nearly all armed,
shotguns and repeating rifles being
plentiful, while revolvers and clubs
were also in evidence. Several shots
were fired in the street, but no one \va3
hurt.
The riot was caused by bitter politi
cal feeling, which rms existed between
the straight Democratic, element in
Norfolk County and the fusion element
controlled by Martin. It is charged by
the Democrats that the county officials
represented in the office of the Im
provement Board had assembled there
to collect the poll tax from negroes
sunfptitiously and that on the other
hand obstacles are placed In the way of
white Democrats qualifying to vote.
In the crowd was C. W. Rockefeller,
a cousin of the Standard Oil magnate,
and Rev. Herbert Scholgoz, a Christian
minister.
Negroes are beginning to supplant
w \\I, men as Janitors in the big office
ldl «f, s in , New Yofk - Already mor«
than fifty of the skyscrapers arc being
cleaned up by colored porters.
CHICAGO, Dec. 8.— Harry Forbes
and Abe Attell have been matched to
meet In a contest which will be billed
as "for the legitimate featherweight
boxing championship." They will
meet on the 17th inst. before the West
End Athletic Club of St. Louis and
will contest twenty rounds for a purse
of $1300.
Forbes and Attell 3Iatched.
Toby Irwin, has fought his last fight.
The North Beach bpy's jaw was broken
last night in his boxing bout with Billy
Otts at the Reliance Club, Oakland, ex
actly as the identical injury was In
flicted four months ago in the same
ring by Otts. Game to the core. Irwin
went five rounds after the fracture oc
curred in the second round, and was
up for the eighth round, but Refere-;
Eddie Smith with judgment and
good decision stopped the fight at that
point, naming Otts the winner.
To the credit of the victor be it said
he keenly felt his position, and during
the fast round of the fight begged
Toby to quit, as the North Beach box
er's condition was evident to Otts.
Young Corbett, . who was a spectator,
went into Ott's corner in the seventh
after noticing that Irwin was In trouble
and helped end the unequal contest.
After, announcing his decision. Ref
eree Smith said: "Irwin's jaw has
been broken and he does not and can
not go on with the fight. I have stopped
the contest because cf Irwin's condi
tion. It is not in line with good sport
that a man thu3 injured should be per
rritted to continue."
in WIN IS URGED ON.
Irwin's handlers were bent on forcing
him to star. In the fight. Even after
the seventh round closed he was almost
hauled into the center of the ring, al
though his injury was then manifestly
causing him much suffering. Referee
Smith was ready as soon as the gong"
sounded and after a word or two with
Irwin the referee ended the contest and
sent the men out of the ring. Otts left
his corner crying like a child, for. as
he said afterward, he did not want to
be put in the position of fighting an in
jured men.
Irwin was taken to his dressing room,
where Dr. George Relnle. the Reliance
Club physician, and Dr. Clarence Tiil
man of San Francisco examined and
dressed the fractured jaw. Ths break
was en the right side either a little
above or a little below the point where
the fracture occurred last August.
After he had been bandaged Irwin with
his friends departed for San Francisco.
Whether Irwin cou!d have won" to
night is purely speculative.' 1 He was a
7 to 10 favorite, but under the condi
tions no fair line could be. .drawn on
the fight. , <
SEVEN FAST ROUNDS: 1
It win was ready to fight and made a
good showing as far as he went. He
used his 'eft steadily, but did not
force the fighting. Toby is not an of
fensive fighter. His strong suit Is to
put in his dextrous left when his. man
comes to him, and he kept to that
method last night. For all of his broken
Jaw there were seven rounds of stiff
going. Otts stayed with his right and
used it to good advantage in straight
leads for the head. In view, however,
of the result, it is practically settled
that the followers of the game will
never see these men. come together
again. Irwin cannot expect to continue
in the fighting business.
"Spider" Kelly. Eddie Hanlon. Harry
Foley and Frank Rafael were behind
Irwin. The "Spider" was overanxious
to force his man to keep going. The
lanky, trainer was on his feet two
thirds of the time during the fighting
and in the rests kept urging Toby to
stay just another round. "You've got
him, Toby, if you'll only go in." said
the "Spider." and Toby gamely went In.
It was only a question after that second
round when he must quit. Behind Ott3
were Tim McGrath. Young McDonald
and Nobby Otts, with Young Corbett
later.
OTTS IS KNOCKED DOWN.
Toby did not show signs of injury or
weariness 1 in the second round, but in
the third, after Otts had done some
heavy right-hand work on Irwin's jaw,
the North Beach lad went to his corner
a bit shaky. The round was a hot one,
with Otts on the long end. Once Otts
went to the floor, but at the close had
Toby tired. In the fourth Otts landed
several stiff rights on the . jaw, but
Toby caught his man a terrific left to
the stomach that bothered Otts. In the
fifth the flgnting was strong, with Toby
a bit the better in a stiff rally. - In the
next round 'the two made a. hot ex
change. Ott using- his good right and
Toby putting in the lefts. Otts led of
tener and was the more aggressive
throughout. The seventh opened,. jvith
Toby apparently strong. He jumped In
with five punches before Otts. started,
but the men exchanged rights and lefts
to the head that 'did not help Irwin's
case. That was the end of it.
- Young McConnell of the Reliance
Club polished off Henry Lewis, the col
ored r^ngster, with a knockout blow on
the jaw In the third round of a sched
uled six-round event.
Jack Evans knocked out Jack'Egan
in the second round.
Whitney's English Stable Sold.
NEWMARKET, England, Dec. S.—
There was a good attendance. here to
day at the sale of William C. Whit
ney's . stable. The horses were sold
without reserve, with their engage
ments. Hands Down brought 3400
guineas and Mintagon ; went for 1450
guineas. Per Surprise* sold for 200
guineas.: Mr. Whitney v paid , 3000
guineas •. last • year for Per : Surprise.
Another costly failure was Mintagon,
for which the owner paid 2100 guin
eas.
r Cossid sold for £420. Armora for
£175, Versatile for £250, Mary Belle
for £310 and Slipthrift for £520. A
dozen colts'and fillies were auctioned
at sums, ranging from £20 to £510,
a chestnut fllly.by Meddler bringingthe
last" named figure, while a bay flily
by Liza brought 500 guineas. Two
chestnut •,., fillies by v Velasquez : and
Ayreshire were withdrawn. The to
tal amount -realized was, 8520 guineas.
The fact that the bettors have seen
fat to make Johnson a 3 to 10 choice has
not had a depressing effect on him. He
has been boxing with Joe Millet and
Walter Marino at the former's gym
nasium, going from ten 'to fifteen
rounds each day without a rest. In
addition to this he has been on the road
.in the morning, usually reeling off
eight or ten miles. In boxing he is
unusually light on his feet for a man
weighing 220 pounds. He carries a
good punch in his left hand. How good
his right is no one out here knows, as
he has not used it in training. .
He is round barreled like George
Dixon and his flat muscles do not stand
out in bold relief as is usual with the
big men.
Johnson's decisive victory over the
muaSi touted McVey has placed him high
in the estimation of the men who tollow
boxing. His known cleverness makes
him a legitimate favorite over his slow
er opponent. The men will fight in a
10-foot ring, which will favor Johnson,
as he is a hard man to work into a
corner.
The special trains will solve the trans
portation problem, eppecially as the big
ftllous will be In the ring at 9 o'clock,
according to the manager. The fight is
not expected to go twenty rounds.
The managers of the men will meet
to-day to select a j-eferee. Jack Welch
seems the man most favored for the
place at the present time.
Sandy Ferguson, the Boston giant, is
training for his fight on Friday night
at Colma with Jack Johnson as though
his life depended on the outcome.
The board decided to stand by the
foul-strike rule. The committee on
rules will be instructed to vote against
any efforts en the. part of the commit
tee of the American League when the
two committees meet to make rules for
the players to rescind this section.
The board awarded the National
League pennant for the past season to
the Pittsburg club.
The committee on constitution was
instructed to make the necessary
changes in the constitution so that it
will conform with the new -national
agreement. A motion was adopted to
change the r.ame of the league from
the National League and American As
sociation of Baseball Clubs to the Na
tional League of Professional Baseball
Clubs.
NEW YORK, Dec. S.— The annual
winter meeting of the National Base
ball League and the American Associa
tion of Professional Baseball Clubs be
gan here to-day. It was given out that
the debt the league has carried for
years has been reduced to such an ex
tent that it has ceased to be a worry.
' Harry, G. Pulliam was unanimously
re-elected president for the ensuing
year. Tfce league ratified the agree
ment be'tween the leagues ! signed in
Cincinnati last summer, which took the
place of the "'peace agreement," ar
ranged between the National League
and the American League and which
the major and minor leagues worked
under during the past season.
The resolution adopted at the meet
ing of the !eague on March 4 last vest
ing in the president full and absolute
power to maintain discipline on^ the
ball field, and giving him full power to
suspend or fine any player who should
be guilty of disorderly conduct, was
reaffirmed and 'ordered placed in. the
by-laws of the league.
Bnrly Boston Boxer Is Light
on His Feet and Has a
Hard Punch in Left Hand
SANy FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
Continues the Unequal Contest
for Five Rounds, the Ref
• eree Finally Stopping It
The Nationals Will Instruct
Their Committee to Stand
by It at the Conference
Adams had, the mount on Dupont,
and \vhi!e meeting with some ill-luck at
the start, rode a first-rate race. He
brought the big gelding from behind
in the stretch with a tremendous rush,
and was just. beaten. Ishtar managed
to get the show from the poorly rid
den Byron Hose.
There was some 20 to 1 laid against
Yellowstone in the betting on the open
ing Futurity course sprint^, and the
outsider, with J. T. Sheehan in the sad
dle, dov-ned Little Margaret a heaO.
Handpres?, the favorite, got away so
badly that "he had no chance.
P. K. SHAW AN EASY WINNER.
Backed from 11 to 5 down to even
money, F. E. Shaw was returned an
easy winner of the two-year-old scram
ble. Mike DViy's Judge -cut out the
pace, but at. the finish was led over the
line four lengths by Shaw, wtyh Foley
up. Silent Water disposed of Miss
Ringlets for the chow.
Th" Fop:, also piloted by Foley, fol
lowed this up by running away from
his company in the Futurity course
selling affair, -starting a 7 to 5 favorite.
Sallie Goodwin, a 20 to 1 shot, ran sec
ond, less than a length ahead of Moun
tebank. Oroslu3 started bat showed lit
tle speed.
There was no pronounced favorite for
In defeating Dupont in the closing
number Walter Jennings' Arabo
equaled the coast record of 1:44 for a
mile and seventv yards. It was the
most exciting finish of the day, Arabo,
an even m*oney chance, only scoring by
a rose, after cutting out all the run
ning.
, The card was an improvement over
that of the day before and somereally
excellent snort was witnessed by a
large crowd. Favorites held their own,
winning three of the purses. )
At the start the first choice went to
the front and when the stretch was
reached he looked much like a winner.
spscalante had wc-rked up into second
position and Otis was third on the rail
with Martinmas, waiting for an open
4ng to get through. 'Near the paddock
the chance came and Martinmas closed
on the gray. This sent Chandler to the
"bat" and in using his whip he per
mitted his mount to swerve in, not only
crowding Otis but leg locking him as
well. The favorite succeeded in win
ning by a neck, but c-n Otis claiming a
fonl it was allowed. This decision gave
the place to Colonel Van and the show
to Escaianfe.
¦ .EXCITING SPORT IS SHOWN'.
The gray gelding had Chandler in
the saddle and went to the post an even
money favorite. received
steady support at 2\i> and 3.
Bookmaker Johnny Mlllln's sprinter
E. M. Brattain repeated his victory of
December 5 In the fifth event 'at Oak
land yesterday, but, unfortunately for
his backers, he was later disqualified
and the race given to Martinmas.
BOTH IX GOOD CONDITION
Arabo Defeats Dupont.in a fierce Finish and Equals a Coast
Record— Chub Outgames El Oriente— Yello>vstone Drops
In at Odds of '20 to 1-The Fog and F.E. Shaw Score
Install Him a Three to Ten
Choice Over Ferguson in
Their Approaching Fight
FAVOR FOUL-STRIKE RULE
Baseball Magnates Find Af
fairs in Good Condition
at Their Annual Meeting
NEGRO VOTERS
CAUSE A RIOT
a colored pugilist from Cambridge, de
feated Jog Gans of Baltimore, the
lightweight champion of the world, to
night in a fifteen-round bout at the
Criterion Athletic Club in this city. Al
though Lansford wort the decision he
was not awarded the world's light
weight championship, as he was two
pounds overweight. Langford became
aggressive in the fourth round ar.d in
his blocking and footwork outclassed
Gans.
In the last eight rounds practically
all of the "lonora were on Langfords
aide. He landed many hard blows,
while Gans soldom found the Cam
bridge man.
»
BOSTON. Dec. 8.— Samuel Lar.gford,
Victor Is Two rounds Over
weight, Thus Forfeiting
Any flight to the Honor
HE KETAINS HIS TITLE
Samuel Langford, a Colored
Pugilist, Beats Him in a
Fifteen-Round Boxing: Bout
NOKTH BEACH MAN IS GAME
Billy Otts, the .Boxer, Inflicts
the Injury Twice Within"
the Last Four Months
E. M. BRATTAIN IS FIRST BY A NECK,
BUT LOSES TO MARTINMAS ON A FOUL
BETTORS LIKE
JACK JOHNSON
BIG LEAGUE
OUT OF DEBT
JAW OF IRWIN
AGAIN BROKEN
CHAM PION GANS
IS DEFEATED
HAPPEN INGS I N THE RING, EAST AN D WEST, AN D NEWS OF TH E TRACKS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALU WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 0. 1903
10
ADVERTISEMENTS. V^'-
FIVE CENTS
BEST SMOKE ON EARTH
ON SALE EVERYWHERE
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Beat the Races!
TWO WINNERS Ct'ARANTEED.
Get winning Information. We are here with
cur handlcappers and timers, riar.dlcapplns
Bets the money. We can beat the lookmaker*.
for we are picking the wlnnrrs. Let u» ad-
vise you and we will MAKE YOU MO.VET.
TERMS — Six Bpeoial handicap selections
dally, 5Oc; weekly. S2 50.
We will handle your money for 10 per cent
on each winner we play. We advise you th-;
names of the horaea we place your money on
by mail at - V. «n.
The following arc the sums that are ac-
cepted fcr betting :
For a $2 play on each home 510 en
For a *» play en each horse 35 00
For a Sin play on each horss. ........ .v> i»i
Fora $20 play en each horse ,. 100 00
Profit* P.emitted Weekly.
Remit direct to
W. E. TRIMRLE A OCX.
759 Market it.'. San Francisco. Ctei.Socialist Candidates Are Defeated.
BOSTONT. Dec 8.— The defeat of the
Socialist candidates ,for Mayor "In' two
cities of the State. Brockton and Haver
hill, where they have been particularly
strong during the past three or four
years., was the features of, the munici
pal elections held in nineteen of the
thirty-two Massachusetts cities to-day.
In these cities the Republican candi- I
dates were elected. '
LONDON*,' Dec. 8.— Lord Stanley of Al
dermy is seriously 111 and Is not expectetd to
live.
NEW YORK. Dec. S.—A certificate of rea
sonable doubt was granted to-cay to Frederick
Herbert, alias "Larry" SummerfleM. convicted
on November B of larceny growing out of an
alleged con?jiiracy with others to m-11 worth
less mir.ins stocks. Bail was fixed at $10,000.
ATHENS, Dec. 8. — The Greek
steamers . Pyloros and Assos collided
at Ithaca to-day. The Pyloros., was
partly submerged and fifty of her pas
sengers were drowned. /
Fifty Lives Lost in a Collision.
E. F. ;Lee has reported to the police
that while walking through - Golden
Gate Park a well-dressed stranger ap
proached him and struck up an" ac
quaintance.' After conversing for sev
eral minutes the stranger suggested
that they, flip up half-dollars just to
pass the time away. Lee agreed and
took out his purse containing $80 to get
the- change. His newly made friend
grabbed tho wallet and disappeared in
the bushes. Lee made a search for the
thief, but could find no trace of him. i
Stranger Steals His Purse.
Judge Murasky yesterday issued an
injunction restraining Albert Steinfeld
from withdrawing from the Bank of
California more than $50,000 deposit
ed there }n his name. The money was
paid by the Imperial Copper Company
to Steinfeld as director of the Silver
Bell. Copper -Company for the mines
and holdings of the last named corpo
ration. It is alleged that Steinfeld is
using the funds to further his own
ends.
Steinfeld Restrained by Court.
The last of the lectures on "Current
Topics and Book Reviews" announced
to be given by Mrs. Louise Benson be
fore the Channlng Auxiliary will., be
delivered this forenoon, beginning at
10:30, at the auxiliary rcroms. So
popular have been these lectures that
it is desired to continue the course in
January. To accomplish this there
must be 100 subscribers. Seventy-five
have already been secured and the re
maining twenty-five must be obtained
this morning, otherwise the effort will
be abandoned.
Mr.s. Benson's Last Lecture.
The jinks room, in which the display
was made, was much more attractively
arranged than on the night of the pri
vate view. A canopy of fragrant pine
boughs covered the ceiling of the room
and from the center of these arose Rob-!
ert I. Aitken's» wonderful figure, "Art
I m red to Bohemia." The figure -is so
well known as to preclude comment.
The lights were excellently arranged
and full value was given to each pic
ture on the walls. Whoever did the
hanging deserves the greatest credit.
Beautiful gowns, of beautiful women
seemed, somehow, to be the feature of
the Bohemian Club exhibit last night,
when It was opened to the ladies and
their escorts who were members of .the
club. Toilettes of the most exquisite
taste were displayed and 'tire escorts
were dressed invariably in evening
dress. .
Much Attention as Display of
Picture!! and Sculpture. -
Gowns of Women Attract Nearly as
SWELL.' ATTENDANCE AT
BOHEMIAN CLUB EXHIBIT
The completion of the organization
of the Federation of Churches in the
Mission district of San Francisco was
effected last night at Grace Methodist
Episcopal Church, the Rev. Dr. W. C.
Day presiding. The officers electfd
v.-ere the Rev. Dr. Pond, president;
the Rev. Dr. F. M. Larkia/of Grace
Methodist Episcopal Church, vice
president; Selden Sturges, secretary;
the Rev. Huber Burr, pastor of Ocean
View Congregational Church, treas
urer; the Rev. Dr. E. K. Strong. Trin
ity Presbyterian Church; the Rev. Mr.
McElhinny, pastor of Holly Purk
Presbyterian Church; F. A. Pedlar,
member of Grace Methodist Episcopal
Church; the Rev. Dr. P. Brett Mor
gan, Christian Church; the Rev. J.
George Gibson, pastor of Emmanuel
Baptist Church, and the Rev. J. A.
Hollars, pastor of Bethlehem Congre
gational Church, executive commit
tee.
Church Federation Effected.
A committee from the Cloakmak
ers* Union waited on Mayor Schmitz
yesterday to enlist his aid in securing
a settlement of the trouble with the
employing cloak manufacturers. His
Honor assured the committee he
would do all in his power to bring the
strike to an end.
pily together, although recently Mrs.
Oldt had been • ill most, -of, the time.
Thig" Illness he believes led to tempor
ary aberration. Mrs. Oldt was 29 years
old and the daughter of S. M. Mc-
Laughlin, a wealthy • lumberman of
Springfield. Mo..; She married Oldt six
years ago and they have since liv,ed in
the Northwest, spending two seasons
In Alaska. The child Isabel was their
only one. - .
Seek .Settlement of Strike.
C. W. BAILKY (chairman), C. H. CIvARK
THOMAS SMITH. OWEN ROBERTS, ; H
BEHNKK. C. A. KUMIX.. LOUIS ROSSI J
HAWKINS. Committee. > !
The Brotherhood r.f Carpenters have under
their iiirlsdic-tion 1700 unions, with a member
ship of ISO. 000 men. who are affiliated with
the American Federation of Labor, which rep
resents many hundreds' of thousand*, and in
view of th? fact that the American Federation
cf I-abor at its convcntlc-n held in the city
of B'rston a few weeks since, and considering
our numerical etrenrth, we feel that we are.
jusiifie-d in making this request cf the Repre
sentative* hi Congrets.
We will advise our general office to forward
you full and complete copies of the letters
and resorts herein named. Trusting that you
will be pleesed to advise us at Jr\ early date
of the receipt of this letter, we have the honor
to be your obedient servants.
" The wase of the mechanic on this .coast is
from S2 to $G per day of el«;ht hours and to be
placed in cpm^tHlon with the. soldier whose
pay would b* a little more than $1 we think
uniUFt nr.d unfair.
APPEAL TO CONGRESS.
This elcfed the case *o far as the War De
partment is concerned. Onr only course left is
tn arpenl to the representatives In both houses
of Conrrers. where we have union representa
tive-!, and rprpieirt them to urg-e the passage
or enactment of a law prohibiting the United
FtaUf- from jislne enll?tPd men in competition
with the civil mechanic.
A crtRin resolution was a!s> unanimously
adapted by tald convention, which reads in
part as follows: . ...
••Resr.lveci. By the United Brotherhood of
Carps^.ters ar.d Joiners of America In conven
ti"n jssrmfcied tha*. . this brotherhood most
*arn«rtJy protect against the action of the mili
tary authorities cf the Department of Cali
fornia in pmployinx enlisted men at the wnge
cf CO cents psr . day over and abov* their
regular nay cf $15 CO oer month in the con
struction of buildings in the Presidio Reser
vation at San Francisco, M the irreat injury
of the mechanics of, that locality."
This matter was taken up by this commute*
with the honorable Secretary of War as well
as General I>udln(fton. this department promis
ing to notify the general office of the brother
hood as to the action taken by the Government
in the Our reneral office received
from General Hutches through the War Offlc*
a communication In the shape of a ' : report
which was tndcrsed by the honorable Secretary
cf War in which the policy cf the Government
was clearly defined, viz. : that the Government
would still continue to use '• the soldier In
building construction, which they are this day
doing at tfcr-discharjre camp at Angel IKand.
ADOPT A BESOLUTION.
Obif-ctior.s wtre made by the carpenters at
that time. The rrjatter was called to the at
tert r>n ; of General Hughes a* "well as the Hons.
Senator Perkins and Congressman Julius Kahn.
Senator Perkins and Congressman Kahn, in
answer to a communication addressed them by
the carpenter?, state that "my understanding:
la that al! the new buildlnffs for which Con
irress made arr^oprlaticnp* would be advertised
for ps «=oon as s.-»eeifleationi« were prepared,
and the same would be let to the lowest bldd-r
for the contract, with the understanding, of
course t"-at mechenies and laborers employed
upon Government work were to be employed
but eijtfct houra per day. therefore I th nk
there must be rcme mistake as to soldiers being
detailed tn <\*> carr*nt»r -work."
General Husrhes. in reply ta a letter sent
him b.' Hen. Julius Kahn relative to this mat
ter eg" in part' *'- . ¦
• : Fr m the time of th- Caesars to the pres
ent <"a v It has been necee»ary that successful
amitr*' should be r.ble to do rough carpenter.
Ftcae work and bridge work. la our day rail
read and electric work may b« added."
Kx a reiralar meeting of our national con
vrntio" the United Brotherhood of Carpenters
and Jo'fn<-rs of America, held in the city of
Afanta Ga.. « committee consisting f>f our
ceners! 'president. W. D. Huber. C. W. Bailey.
V A Coie Philip Kell and G. Edmondston.
was anpointed to po to Washington and take
the mntter QP with General Ludlnpton. quar
teraftfter cer.eral of fr.t army, as well as
Secretary Rcot. . .
Dear Si>: At a regular meeting of the
District Council of the L'nlted Brotherhood of
Carpentfrs and Joiners of America, held in
this city, a committee from each affiliated
union was: arpoirtcd for the puroose of er.ter
iag a vigorous tnd parneat protest aeainst the
United States Government in employins i sol
diers in the construction of Government build
ings of whatever kind and character, especially
tho erection of bulldlnsrs. cantonments on Gov
ernr^eat reservations and encampments, and
more especially the erection of buildings at
Angel Island, the discharge camp of the Gov
ernment en the Pacific Coast, where they de
tach m«i from the ranks of enlisted men and
assign them to do mechanical work, thereby
bringing: them in direct comi>etition to the
civilian mechanic.
In order that you may be made fully con
versant with the matter it wMl be necessary
to po back and name a case that the Brother
hood of ORrpenters brought to the attention of
the War Department in the year 1002.
At that time the Government by an act of
ConeroFP. or by the yettins p.Mde of a certain
eum of ?75 L<<0. proceeded to erect certain can
tonments en the Presidio Beservation at San
Frar.cisco. Cai.
Tb* commander of the Pacific Coast. General
R I*. Hughes of the 'United States army, used
$«7 000 of this money and applit-d same tr>
mat' rial, while he only reserved the sum of
$$WC© to b<? ufPd to meet the expenses of labor,
and in ord»T tn lrin«r the material and labor
account to within a semblance of fairness he
saw fit to dttall from the ranks the. enlisted
mar. put him to work, promising an additional
pay of B0 cents rer day ever and-abov; his
recrular pay of $15 <X» per month, thereby brlng-
Itik .'aid soldier in direct competition with the
civilian mechanic, whose wage for a day of
tight hours run* from *2 00 to $« per day.
CAHPENTE2S FILE OBJECTION.
The Carpenters' Union has forwarded
the fol!owing communication to Repre
sentative Livernash at Washington:
PAN FRANCISCO. Dec. 4, 1903.
The United Brotherhood of Carpen
ters and Joiners will try to have a law
passed in Congress prohibiting the
War Department from using the en
listed soldier in the construction of its
buildings.
Some tim? aeo this body appealed to
the Secretary of War to withdraw
these so!diers and give the employment
to the regular mechanics of the Car
penters' Unicn. The appeal was mot
with a rebuff from the War
ment, which said it would continue to
use the soldier to aid in the construc
tion of buildings on Government res
ervations.
He also added that should any of
the members of the association not
abide by the decision of the meeting of
yesterday and open 'in ihe morning it
would have no effect on the situation.
Several of the restaurants on Market
street that have been closed have pre
pared to open this morning.
The chairman of the executive com :
mittee of the Waiters' Alliance, local
30, refused to 1 make any statement on
the situation. I
At a meeting of the Restaurant Keep
ers' Association held yesterday, it was
decided to keep closed to-day. The two
contending factions have had no con
ferences and neither one has made any
overtures for such a meeting. Mr.
Johnson, when asked regarding the
possibility of any aggressive measures
that might be adopted at the meeting
of the Provisions Trades Council last
night, said: "We are fully prepared to
meet them."
The trouble between the restaurant
keepers and the waiters is apparently
no nearer a solution than it was the
day of its inception. This is according
to the statement of Mr. Johnson, chair
man of the board of the executive com
mittee of the Restaurant Keepers' As
sociation of San Francisco. He asserts
that there is practically no change in
existing conditions between the asso
tion and the Waiters' . Alliance.
Oldt can give no reason for his wife's
action. . Thev , had always .lived nap-
.SEATTLE. Dec- .8. — Mrs. Oldt,. who
with her child jumped overboard from:
the steamship Queen, was the wife,
of Haxry E. Oldt of this city, editor,
and publisher of the Pacific Coast
Sportsman." The . news came as a
great shock to him, as he did not even
know of his wife's whereabouts.
Mrs. Oldt arose early last Saturday
morning, and taking her child left homo
before her husband was' awake. She
had proparcd breakfast for him and
left "some money that he had given her
the day before lying on th«* dresser.
Oldt thought her departure unusual,
but did not worry until night, when shy
failed to return. Sunday morning he
reported her disappearance to the po
lice and telegrams were sent in all di
rections. Last night a report was re
ceived that a woman and cb.Ild answer
ing the discription* were In Portland and
Oldt was preparing to leave for that
city to-day when news came of their
disappearance from the Queen.
Cannot Account for Her Act.
The belongings of the woman were
turned over, yesterday, to the United
States Shipping Commissioner, to whom
Captain Cousins has made a fuil report
of the tragic reason for their owner's
absence.
Mrs. Oldt was a woman of about 30
years, tall and neatly dressed. Pas
sengers that noticed her recall the un
happy expression of her face, and those
that had noticed and tried to comfort
her learned that the woman was fret
ting over trouble with her husband,
who. she seemed to think, had neglect
ed her. The 4-year-f!d girl was # a
cheerful little creature and made
friends readily.
MYSTERY UNSOLVED.
The bridge officers recalled no un
usual sound, and the night watchman
cmld shed no light on the mystery.
Th<* ship was searched, passengers and
stewards were questioned again, but
beyond the fact that woman and child
had disappeared nothing was or prob
ably ever will be learned.
In the stateroom the woman's out
side garments were hanging, and on a
Relic* etood two little shoes, belonging
to the baby. A purse .containing SI 25
Jay or: the bunk. That v.-as aJl. A
r^srch of the ciothes yielded neither a
snaik of identification nor a reason for
the woman's absence. Mother and
child had gcr.e, and all the result of
the closest cross-questioning of pas
pengers and crew was to fix the time
of the disappearance after leaving Vic
toria and before the early hours of Sun
day morning. ,
Fcngcrs, better of their seasickness,
brjran jo inquire for the mother with
the pretty little girl. The matter was
reported to Captain Cousins, who at
onrc rrrcide an investigation.
until Monday. The fact that her berth
had been unoccupied Sunday night
f.rst attracted attention. Then pas-
She returned to the steamship and
partook of luncheon served in the sa
loon after the Queen had started on
her way. Mother and baby retired for
the night to their stateroom, which
was on the upper deck, its door open
ing on the rail-guarded promenade.
The bedroom steward says that her bed
had been occupied. There was nobody
la the room when she went there Sun
day morning, but he thought nothing
of it and made no report.
The Queen carried many passengers,
most of whom were seasick, and, in
the confusinn, the absence of the
woman and child passed unnoticed
Mrs. Oldt joined the Queen at Seattle,
taking passage for herself and daugh
ter to this pert. The steamship reached
Victoria late Saturday afternoon and,
in company with most of the other pas
sengers, Mrs. Oldt spent a few hours
ashore, wandering: with her little girl
along the streets of the quaint little
British Columbian city.
IIETIUXS TO SHIP.
Where or when the tragedy was en
acted none can tell. Alone ' among
strangers, she kept her own counsel,
choosing her time sagely and executing
h«r design silently and with grim suc
cess.
Mr*. Harry E. Oidt of Seattle, who
left the northern port last Saturday as
_ passenger on the steamship Queen,
disappeared with her 4-year-old
daughter during the dark hours be
tween Saturday and Sunday. That she
vent overboard there remains no doubt
and that her going was deliberate all
the evidence obtainable attests. She
leaves a husband in Seattle who de
clines to discuss the domestic infelicities
to which the unhappy woman referred
In the brief communion she held with
some of her fellow passengers. Wher
ever lay the fault, the burden was
greater than the young mother's
strength, and with arms clasping her
baby, she sought refuge and rest be
neath the dark water?.
A circular issued by. Superintendent
of Schools Langdon yesterday contains
the annual appeal *to principals and
teachers for the contribution to the
Moulderimemoriai endowment fund, es
tablished by tho teachers of the depart
ment in* memory of ex-SurJerintendent
Andrew J. Moulder to maintain a free
bed in the Children's Hospital. At
prerent the fund is $597 92, and when it
is sufficient . to yield $25 monthly no
further demand Will be made on the
teachers. The circular continues:
• ¦' Principals will plea?e send to this office
at once, the number of pupils recommended for
medals, making no announcements In the
meantime, as the condition of the funds for
this purpose has not yet been determined.
There will be no examinations for. promo
tion of pupils sent from the .central office.
(See circular No. 15 from office of the super
intendent.) . Principals are authorised to pro
mote .'"honorary" deserving pupils . of each
class, not to exceed one-quarter in number of
the entire class, and to dismiss them from
school duties *0n the afternoon of December
11, 1903. 1
Please extend the current school month for
report upon attendance of pupils to Decem-
TSer 18. 1&O3. Inclusive, regarding Eald month
as consisting of twenty-three days.
; ¦ Please require pupils in the grades from tho
A-6th to the A-Sth both inclusive, to pur
chase and have on hand for use January 11,
19C4. the "New McMaster's State History."
Principals will kindly make returns for
membership . certificates 4n California Teach
ers' Association j>n . or before ¦ December It),
1903. The superintendent desires to express
his appreciation of the splend'd professional
spirit manifested by the teachers of -this de
partment in becoming active members of the
State's- greatest educational body. . • ••¦
The ennual institute of the public school
teacherg of the city and county of Kan Fran
cisco will bo held Jointly with the California
Teachers 1 Association at the Alhambra The
ater. Jones and Eddy streets, on December £8.
29. 30 and ."1. 1903. Fosstor.s to commence at
2 o'clock p. m. Section 1560 of the school
law provides that every teacher employed in
the public school/* must attend and partici
pate in the proceedings. It will be noted that
It is not within the power of the superintend
ent to excuse teachers for absence.
The California Teachers' Association has
prepared an excellent programme for Its morn
ina sessions.-, which will be held In the Mis
sion High School buHdine December, 23. 30
and 31. It is expected, of course, that pror
fessional spirit -will prompt all San Franc. s«6
teachers to aUend.
An Informal reception will be civen the vis
iting teachers of the State by the San Fran
cisco teachers at the Maple and Marble rooms
of the Palace Hotel. Monday evening. Decem
ber 2S. I"!y -your- presence you will show true
San Francisco hospitality to oar visitors
Work for the St. Louis Exposition from
each "school should be completed and 'sent in
before the end of the term. Blank forms .for
the "teachers' statements" to accompany each
exhibit are now ready and can be secured on
application to this office.
Dr. John S. Shepard will leave with
the Fifteenth Cavalry about the 20th
lnst. for Fort Meyers, D. C.
The caisson was drawn by six "mag
nificent dark bay chargers, and was
preceded by the Tenth Infantry Band.
Following the casket came three.offi
oeis and the men oCSergeatit Louth's
company. Then came the colonel of the
regiment and his 'entire staff, and then
followed the whole .regiment, each
company being in command of the
first sergeant. The body was fnterred
In the national '-. cemetery. . Prayars
were read by the regimental chaplain.
Then, the last volley was fired over his
grave and with the sounding of taps
the impressive service was at an end.
The baseball game between the Pro-,
sidio team and the Thirteenth Infantry
team, which will come off on Saturday
on the parade ground is attracting a
great deal of attention at the post.
Both nines are crackerjacks and. both
feel sure, of ' winning. * Manager Joe
Wagner of the Presidios says it will be
a hot game, but he feels confident his
nine will come out victorious.
Sergeant Michael Louth of Company
D, Tenth Infantry, who died on Mon
day morning, was buried yesterday
afternoon with military, honors. The
funeral procession was formed in front
of the hospital. The body, which was
encased in a handsome casket, --wan
borne to the caisson by six non-com
missioned officers and was then draped
with the national, colors, which were
surmounted by an abuntiance of floral
offerings from members of his , regi
ment as a token of. the esteem in which
he was held by them.
BAND PRE\T_>ES CAISSON.
Walter Gallagher, . attorney for Ma
gee, made a strong fight for his client
on the plea of insanity. He did his ut
most to get the different witnesses be
fore the court to testify that they had
on different occasions noted. traces of
insanity In the prisoner. None of them,
however, would admit . that they had
ever noticed the 'slightest indication of
his being of unsound mind. Upon this
they all agreed. The room was then
cleared of ail but the membecs of the
court, who took but a few minutes to
reach their verdict.
Surgeon Edger -told the court in a
brief manner of the cowardly attack
made upon him, and how the prisoner
had stealthily entered, his office when
his back was turned, and- how his at
tention had been drawn to the pris
oner by the snapping of the pistol;
how' he leaped from his seat and grap
pled with his assailant, who"! dealt him
several oowerful blows on the head
with his pistol, and how, afterward, in
a hand-to-hand struggle, he forced Ma-,
eee out into the . hallway, when the
noise of the scuffle attracted' the atten
tion of the guards, who rushed to the
surgeon's assistance and overpowered
the prisoner and landed ¦ him - in the
guardhouse. . . ,
MAKES.. INSANITY PLEA.
The sealed findings 'of the court-mar
tial .will not b<? made public until they
have been submitted to General Ar
thur MacArthur upon his return from
Manila the latter part , of this month.
What the verdict will be can, 'of course,
only be based ory surmise, but from
what can be learned, of the evidence>t
is likely to go very hard with the ac
cused. ¦ .¦¦."""
The trial of Private Clark Magee for
assault upon Dr. B.* F. "Edger at the
Presidio was concluded' yesterday. •
A Few of the Houses. Pre
pare to Open To-Day, but
Majority; Will Remain' Closed
Passengers Say She Was Un
happy Because Husband Who
Is in Seattle Neglected Her
Sergeant Louth Laid to Rest
; by His Regiment in National
Cemetery at the Presidio
Yearly Institute to Be Held in
This , City Jointly With
the Teachers' . Association
LANGDON SENDS CIRCULAR
BOTH SIDES STAND FIRM
NOT MISSED FOR HOURS
Alleges That Places Are Given
Enlisted Men, Thereby De
priving * Mechanics of Work
APPEALS TO CONGRESSMAN
IS BURIED WITH HONORS
Mrs. Harry E. Oldt. a Young
Wife. Disappears With Her
Child From Steamer Queen
Restaurant Keepefs' Associa
tion and Waiters' '* Alliance
Are Still ' at Loggerheads
ers to Contribute to the
Moulder Memorial Fund
Annual Appeal Made to Teach-
Defendant's Attorney , Tries to
¦ Prove Insanity, ¦- but \Fails
to Substantiate the Plea
Union Objects to Employment
of Soldiers on Buildings Be
ing Built for -Government
EATING PLACES
REMAIN CLOSED
PROTEST FILED
BY CARPENTERS
FINDS CRATE
IN THE OCEAN
MAGEE'S CASE
IS CONCLUDED
WOULD ENDOW
HOSPITAL BED
-THE i S AN-- FRAXCISCO. » GAIX;.; WEDNESDAY; ; DECEM BER , 9, 1903.
11
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CURES WEAK MEN FREE.
Xsxt-res Lore a__ a Eappy Sense for AU.
How any man may quickly cure hijr.s«!f aftcf
year, ct eufferlagr from sexual weakness, lost
vtitlltr. r.igtil loeses. %-arloocele, etc., and en-
;;-£»• trr.:-'.\ weak organs to full size and vlgror.
_ticp!r (end your name aad address to Dr.
Kcapp Me_lcal Co.". 151 C Hull Building; De-
troit, Mtcn.. and they will gla.l- Bend free
reefpt »•'.•.;. full directions to that any man
-. ty «•.»:'.}• cure hiracelf at home. This is
r»riair.Iy a mctt renerous offer, and the fol-
t1n£ -.tracts taken from < their dally mail
-.* what men think of their generosity:
Dear Sir*— Please accept roy sincere thar.ks
yours cf recer.t fiate. I have given your
itn-iWit a thorough te*t and the' benefit h_a
beer extr»or_!nary. 1^ has completely braced
r.f up 1 am just as vigorous as when a boy
and you cannot realize how harpy I am."
•'Dear Sirs — Tour irethod m-orked beautifully.
Results were exactly what I needed. Strength
as A • vlcor bave completely returned and en- >
larp«aent it entirely tatisfactory." " ;
"Dear Fir* — Yours received and I. bad no
trouble In n-.akin»r use of the receipt ¦; directed, j
end ::n iruO.ruily nay it is a boon to weak
men. 1 am creatly improved In size, strength I
a. nd vi^or."
All ccrre— oondence is strictly eonfldentiaj. j
mbilf a In plala, sealed envelope. The receipt !
is free -for the askicc, and they ' wast every J
can to bave it. i
I * " . DOAN'S -KIDNEY. PILLS.
Si * iv?^^IP S2
||g That constant backache! Strikes you any time— ___-*Jl§&?!f^ SS
;©0 'tis the first symptom of Kidney ills— comes in many j^^^^^^^v e ®
%% forms — sudden twinges of pain —slow 'exhaustive jS^^^SH^^^ SS
I gg aches — Kidneys out of order; require, relief: .Back- M^^mBBm^^^k. :%%
©© ache is a Kidney warning— neglect , the. warning, other J^H^fl^^K^3i!^_ft **
SS troubles follow. Sick Kidneys cause bad backs— bad SS
|| backs are weak and lame and aching. Sick Kidneys SS
©«• cause weariness — headaches— dizziness — rheuma- SSjBfS'Jgjjk '•¦•••
o© tic pains and numerous other aches. Doah's B '?' .^^J^a SS
%% Kidney Pills. Cure every ill of the Kidneys and R||^|^|ffS SS
•J Bladder-- urinary disorder — infrequent and too fre- 2§
e® quent urinary discharges -diabetes, dropsy, Bright's \ Se
a_! disease. *¦ ' - •"•¦¦- ¦ - ¦• "¦.."• . : . ;*"»-; .••¦ ¦ ¦ ¦•¦•¦ • ®®
| 8 A Trial Free iMpragpjK
|| TO SAN FRANCISCO CALL READERS. |^0f||\J rnnllUIOUU f llUUr 2 81
2S /Doan JJ^^T Margaret Niler.of.7 Hunt street says:' "There is noth- OO
®® (al /^^^ ' n » ke t^ e trut^- can triJ ly an( i conscientiously say that SS
OO mL^^.i P///5 f^^P • Doan's Kidney Pills stopped my back aching, and -I had at- OO
©° w^^'i'j.ic^M cwt».' tacks of it for years, some of'them so bad that I did not 00
O@ ft%tlr< ' Cft^*-r*M^: '-Xknexw .',wh'at to /do with myself. When a \yoman Ayho is an- iJJ
SS wame- : ••'¦'¦¦ ;'.-.. '¦¦}[¦ noyed like I have been at last -finds a means to end that an-; ••
OO m. «%'.-• • ( ' '•"--'•¦•¦• >,. ¦.¦: -,'.: noyance/she" is hot only thankful, but is also anxious to do' ••
SS a-a-rr " *'"'• ' ' ;' _"[_ _ her friends and acquaintances- a "good turn by .acquainting S5
•• ;j_ta trw box, n_iithUc~«»n to • them of the fact,*so that they max, profit by her experience.'' »©
88 ?tt?2E£^i%£iZ£i. JSS_! ! : Let me e^^ically^advise-anyj one suffering frbm kidney ••
+9 !____'" 1> " '-• - -•"- ¦ ___f : complaint or backache to use Doan's. Kidney Pills." . V *•
oboeoooeoGoeeoooooooooooooocooooooooooooooooooooeooooooooooeooooeoSS
O9ee©©©©©e9©©o9©©ooo©o©©©e©©®©©©©©©©o©©©«©©©©©©o©©eo©»®o©©Q©©©oo©o©©
3. ADVEBTMEiraNTS^^^^^ ,
@Vim, Vigor. Vitality for Me 7.
MORMON/ BISHOP'S PL__:J
have been In use over UCty
years by the leaders o: tha
Mormon Church and their
followers. Positively cure uj»
wortt cases In, old and young
arising from effects of. . seir-
• abuse, dissipation, excesses or
' cigarette trucking. Cur* Lost
Manhood, Impotency. Lost
Power. Nlsht Losses. Insom-
nia. Pains :n Back. Evil Desires, Lame Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache. UnfUn«sa to Mac-
!>". Less of Semen. r -» Varicocele or Con-
Mlpatlon. Stop Ner *^ ff J vou> Twitching of
Eyelid*. Effects are J^JZ_, immediate. Impart
vigor and potenc>*-£rtr~>to every function.
Don't set despondent, a cure Is at hand. Re-
ttore small, undeveloped organs. Stlmulat*
the brain and nerve- centers: 50c a box; tt for
$- 50 by mall. A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded — 'ith •"> boxes. Circulars fre«.
Address BISHOP REMfcDY CO.. 40 Ellis St..
Fan Francisco. Cal. GRANT DRUG CO.. AS
and 40 Third *t.
« H- T _~^ TV T s - ar * tl G- Boots and Shoes.
r>J - 5 1^1 Warranted waterproof, h'or
A \_r X Hunters. Surveyors. Min-
4 -_. - , - eTf. etc. Fend for catalog
AiBllA SHREVES-BARBtRCO.
a~_.\^ *~f i~_. 739 Marke t St.. S. F.
BAILWAY T-tAV-X.
CALIFORNiA
LIMITED TO CHICAGO
LEAVES DAILY
at !?:::< I a. m~ throuyli In ll days,
with, diner and all trapptaars.
i ¦ ¦ '
Oder Santa. 7e Trains:
I .»«'*¦ "M ?W Stockton. Fresno. I«kersfleld,
S:»0 a. m. r Merced. Hanford and Vlsalia.
&:<:i> p. m. J
4:00 p. m. for Stockton.
S:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyor» and
" Chicago.-
TICKET orPICE — 841 Market St., and
Perry Depot. S. T. Also 1112 Broad-
way, Oakland, Cal.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE • . •
SAN FBANCISLO AN j NURTH PACIFIC
BAILWAT CO1IPAHY.
Tibnron Ferry, Foot "of Market Street.
SA2T FBAKCISCO TO SAST EAPA3I..
WEKK DAYS— 7:30. 9:CO. 11 :W a. m.; 12 :W.
3:30, 3:10. C:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 d. m.
• Saturdays — Extra trip at l:5O and 11:30 p.m.
SUNDAYS— S:«>. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30.
S:SO, 5:C0, 0:20, .11:30 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:05. 7:35. 7:50. 9:Ca 11:15
am.; 12:50. 3:40. 5:00. 6:20 p. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:M». 9:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40,
4:55. 5:05. 6:25 p. m._
Leave. J In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. I Sept. 27. 1903. [San Francisco.
i Week j Sun- I Destlna- " I Sun- I Week
Days. I days, f • tlon. { days. | Days.
7:30a S:€0a 9:10a! 8:40a
9:30 a Ignacio. 10:40 a 10:20 a
S:3rtp 3:30 p 6:05 p! 6:20 p
5:10p S:0Op 7:35 p[
7:30 a 9:10 al 8:40 a
I 8:00 a Norato, 10:40 a ( 10:20a
3:30 p 9:3<>a Pettluma 6:03 pi 6:20 p
5:10 p 3:30 p and 7:35 p
5:C0 p Santa Rosa. ______
7-30 a 110:40 a 10:20 a
S:COa Fulton. |7:35p 6:20p
3:30 p 3:30 p I - .-
Windsor. I , 1
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsburs. 110:40 ailO:20 a
I - Lytton. . J 1-1*'
3:30 p 3:30 p Geyservllle. J 7:35 pf- «:20 p
1 ¦ Cloverdale. . * \ : - »
7:30 a! 8:C0a| Hopiand 110:40 a|10:20 a
8:30 p| 3:30 p| and Uklah, I 7:35 p| C:20 p
7:30 a| 8:00*1 Willlts. |7:35pj6:20p
7:30 al 8:00 al 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Guerneville. | 7:35 pj 6:20 p
7:30 a| 8:0ft al Sonoma. J 9:10 al 8:40 a
5:10 p| 5:0Op[ Glen Ellen. I B:0Cp| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al • J10:40*ajl0:20 a
- 3:30 pj 3:30 p[ Sebastopol. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
•Queotln; at Santa Rosa for .White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altrurla and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
serville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers. Booneville and Greenwood; at
Hopiand for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs,
Kelseyville. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at L'kiah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake, Wlttei Springs. Upper Lake. Porno,
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. Llerly*s.
Bucknrll's. Sanhedrin Heights. Hu'.lvllle. Orr'a
Hot Springs. Halfway House, Comptche. Camp
Stevens, Hopkins, Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg.
Westport. Usal: at Wllllts for Fort Bragg.
Westport. Sherwood, Cahto, Covello. Layton-
vllle. Cummings, Bell's Springs, Harris, Ol-
sen's. Dyer. . Oarbervllle, Pepper— 'ood, Scotia
and Eureka. -
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rate«.
-.On Sunday round-trip tickets to all point-
beyond "San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. >J33O Market street. Chronlcl*
build in_. '•¦'-¦
H. C. WHITINO. <J R. X.-RTAN.
Gen. Maaager. Gen. Paaa. Agt.
aCAZADERO, ETC.
via Sausalito Ferry.'
.Suburban Service, Standard Gaure Electric —
Depart from Ban Francisco Dally — T:00. 8:00.
9 00 10:00, 11:00 a. m., 12:20, 1:45. 3:15. 4:15.
515 6:15. 7:00, 8:45, 10:20. 11:45 p.- m. ,.
" 'FROM SAN RAFAEX, TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Dally— 5:25, 8:35. 7 ;40. 8:35. 8:35. 11:06 a.
in.. 12:20. 1:«.- 2:55. 3:45. 4:45.-6:45. fl:45.
8:45. 10:20 p. m.^ i » • •¦i-.'.r. ..
FROM MILL -, VAL_EY TO SAN FRAN-
r~ S CO — Daily — 5 :43. 6 :53, 7 :52. 8 :5B. 0 -.a*.
11:20 a. m.. 12:35. 2:00. 3:15. 4:05, 5:05. 6:0©;
7;05. 9:00. 10:35 n.'m.: .. .
THROUGH TRAINS. "
•8:00 a. m. dally— Caiadero and way autiona.
B:15 p. m- week daya (Saturdays excepted)—
Tomales and way stations. ''2^~S3**gus»
3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Caradero and way «ta-
tlans. . --
'. " Sundays only — 10 a. m.. Point Reyes and
way stations. • i^MHEM: -
TICKET OFFICE— 628 Market at."
FERRY— Union Depot, toot ot Market it.
BAHWAT TEAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
-r_t_a leave mil! ur- tlue to arrive _t
SA.N FIIAN'CISCO.
(Main Ltae. Koot of Market Street ) — ¦
i»»*i — f'm»M Xov--»«*a. laoa. — a»_it«"
'7450a V«c»TiUe. Winters, Kamaej 7 55p
7 0J» Bcnlcis, Sutsuu. tl:n!r»»aJ 3acrv
racuia 7.25*
7 JO* Vallrjo. Kapa. CalUtosiw SaaU
Uota. Martinez, S-tn lUraon 8-Zj*
7.30a Xt>». L'.vf ran jre. Tracy, Lat&roo.
Stockron 7-2»r
8-00* Sti»st» £x~re«s— > (Vl» DavU).
AVmtamt (fur Bartlett Sprlaga),
Willow*. ?Kruto. !;ed UlaS,
Portland. Tacoma, Sf»t:lo 7-5S?
8 00* D»TH.\\"..«jil!*!ni. Kn!5h:» L»:i(!:ag.
Marytvllle. OroTllla 7.5a*
830* Port Costa, Martlaei. Anttoc-.
fiyrcni. Tracy. Stocltton. Sew-
man. Los Uanoa. Mendotn.
- Annost. IlaafurJ. VUalla,
PorturTlIIe 4.25»
8 30a Port Cootft. Martinez. Tracy. Lat_-
rop, Modesto. Merced. Fresno,
Gosaen Junctfon. Uaoford,
VUalla. Patternflcld 4 55»
8-30* NllcsrSan Jo»e, Llvermore. Stock-
ton. (tMllton). lonf, Sacramento,
Placenrllle. Marysrllle. Cnlco.
!!«?<» ninff 4.23*
8.30* Oaktlale. Chin***. Jamestown. 9o-
nora. Tnolmnne ami Aopeia 423p
9 00* Atlantic Expre«»— Osrttca and East. 11.2a*
8-3Ca UJchnicud, Martlnei and Way
Stiitlons ..r>. 6-5S*
10 CO* The OTerland Limited — Ogdeo.
DenTer. Oma-a, Chicaga 6 25p
1000a Vanejo 12-25*
10.00a Lo« • A3?elea Pa«aenger — Port
C'sta. Umiaei. Byron. Tracy.
I.ataro?. Stockton. Merced.
Hsymond. Fresno. Goabrit Jnac-
Hon. Hanford. Lemoore. Vlsaltx
Bakersfirlrt. Lot Angles ..2TJ»
If .C0« Hay ward. Nile* and Way Stattoat. 3-25f
nHOr Sacrnmeato KlTer Steamers t11.03r
JOr Drnlcla, Wlntcrn. Sacraments^
¦ TTootlland. Knlgbts Laadlnx.
MarysTCle, OroTlilo and way
stations - 'Si?*
3i0r nay-ar'». Nllea and Way Stations.. 7-55»
3 3Qr Port Costa. Martinez. Uyron.
Tracy, Latbrop, Modesto.
Wcrcett, Fresno and Way 8u-
tlons beyoad Port Costa 1225*
J.30* Martinez. Tracy. Stockton. Lodt... 10 25*
4X0* Maritn«,Sanll»roo!».Vallejo,Napa,
Calistoza. SfMitit ttusa 9 25*
4 OOr ITUes. Tracr. Stockton. Lodt 4.25*
4.30* Haywar-l. Nllea, irTlnston, San» r8.55*
Jase. Llvcrraore I til. 55*
6 COr Tbo Owl Limited— Se»m<n. L<>»
~ llanos. Mendota. Fresno. Tulara,
Dakersfleld. I.os Angeles 8.65*
B.00r Port Costa. Traey. Stocltton 1225?
tS 30r Ilayward. Nile* and San Jose 7-25*
6. COr Jlayward. Nile* and San Jose 9.35a
SXQr Eastern Express— ()pd<*n. DenTer.
Omaha. St. Loula. Chicago and
East. Port Costa. Penlcta, Sut-
min, Elmlri. Davis. Sacramento^
: Boekltn. Auburn. Colfax.
Traekee. Doca, Reao. WaJs-
wnrth, IVlnneraucc- S .25*
t.03* Valk-Jo. dally, except Sunday.... i - R ._
7.00* Vallejo. Sunday only f /Mr
7 00p Klcbmond. san Pablo. Port Cos:a.
Murilnei an.l Way buttons 11. 25a
8X6* Oregon & California Express — Sac- - •
ramento. M-rysvlile, Bedding.
Portland. Paget Sound and East. 855a
8-1 Op Ilayward, Nil e» and San Jose (Snn-
dayonly) 11-BS-
COAST LINE (Sari-ow t-.atej.
(Foot nt Market Strcot.)
B-15* Newark. CenterrHle. San Jose.
Feltun. Iioulner Creefc , Santa
Cras andWay StaUons B-55*
tt.ifir Kewark. Centertllle. San Jos«.
Sew Almaden. Lo» Gato*.7e:to— .
Bonlder Crret. Santa Ciui and
Principal Way Stations ttQ-55*
4.1S* Newark. Sao Jotc. Lot Qatosaat!) tft.554
way sutlons 1 ?10 55a
«9 30p nnnters Train. Satard&y only. Saa
Jose and Way Stations. Keturn-
lns from Los Oatos Sunday only. t7 25 »
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SA^ tlCANCISCO, Kuot or Market St. (Sttpl*
-tT:15 »:00 :1:00 a.-. 100 3.00 6.15*.--'
rrom OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — t«:0O j}:j*
n-.fa io:noA.w. 1200 200 4 00*-.
COAST LINE (Broarf «m B »).
ty (Third «uii foTTnsend Streets.)
6.10a Saa Jnseand Way Sutlons iJOp"
700a San Jose and Wny Stations 5 3o*
8C0a N'ew Almaden (Taea.. Frid.. only). 4.1XP
I 00* CoastLlne Limited— Stopsonly Saa
Jote. Cllroy (connection for Hol-
lister). Pnjaro. CftttroTllIe. S*-
Unas. San Ardo. Paso Bobl«a»
San ta Margarita, San Ln!s Oblsp^
Principal stations thence Surf '
(connection for Lompoc) priocl-
£sl stations thence Santa B*r-
ara and Los Angeles. Conaso-
t'on at Castrovllle to and froa
Meotereyand Pacific Orore..... 13.ta*
I. Ma Can Jose. Tres Plnos. Capltola,
EaataCraz,PaciacOroTe,Salla_s,
San Luis Obfspo aad Principal
Way Station* 4-1Qp
1C45O* Fan Jose and Way Stations. 1.20*
lUOi Santa Clara. Saa Jote. Los Oato*
and TVar Stations 7.30 -
U0* 8an Jose and Way SUtlons HI*
)X0r Pacific Grove Kx press — SantaCiar*
Eaa Jose, Del Monte, Monterey.
Pacific Grore {connects at Santa
Clara for Santa Crnz, Bonldor
Creek aad Narrow Gange Potntt)
¦t GUroy for Hollister. Tres
Plaoa. at CattroTlIle for Salinas. 12.13-
3-ZOt Tres Plnoa Way Paasenper... 110.45a
i 14 4ft* t>«B Jose, (tI* Santa Clara) Los
Gates, and Principal Way St»- " ' *¦*"
tlona (except Saoday> t9-13»
56JOi" San Joie and Principal W»y Stations ffl-Ofl*
S.COp Bonset Limited.— Kedwood. Saa
JosejGUroy.Saliaas^aaoRoble*.
Eaa Lots OOlspo, Ssata Barbara,
Los Angeles. Demlag. Kl P*»«.
New Orleaaa, New Tork. Coa-
¦ectt at Pajar* for Santa Crax
and at Castrorftl* for Paclflo
* . GroT« and Way Stations 7.13*
tff.16* SatiMateo.Bereifor4.Eclmoni.SAa
Carlo*. Redwood. Fair Oaka,
Menlo Tart. Palo Alto tS 494
6.30* Saa Jote aad Way Stations. 8-31*
11 .30* Sooth San Francisco, Mlllbrae, Bur-
.» Macame, S«n Mateo, Belmoat,
Baa Carlos, Redwood. Fair Oaka,
Menlo Park, aad Palo Alto 9 43-
•11'3S* Mayfield. Mounts! a View. Sunny-
Tale. Lawrence. Santa Clara aad
Baa Jose t9.j»f
AforMornlag. ¦ P for Afternooa-
J Sunday oaly.
* ( Stop* at all stations as Sunday.
t Sunday excepted. ' a Satarday oaly.
C~~ Only trains stopping at Valencia St. Mat-bout
tret:»A.--7:00__(- H:?«A-M^3._)r.M. aad t-.Xrm,
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
•'¦., •-> Leave Tia Snoit- ?ott . .Vrrive
I San Francisco f-tsf _»_<* San Francfao
Week Sna- ¦ .BBft *~7^ Son- Weak
Da-i. days _#Sa»8|k days Days.
•)I4S1*8:OOa K^Ser^aa 12:05*10:44
•1:45p »:OOa lOgh; ff*J I:33r3:5l)r
5:16* 1O:OO A V^ MCmBw t:SO* 5:5Op
llieOA 4:5«p »:*•»
....,,... 1:45* WBr K-nn r
' tmuA -jt_ t_p fcr ' ttpm mi TOrt C— »
nnr. ja»MAJtx_TST^(.VorthS_ore Rai_x_4T
•m_B f aad Sacsauto P__kt. Foot Markat St.
SJ*^&&Ji MEN AND WO ME??.'
* *_(_^_rtUK_7'Ei Cn Bis *» 'or annataral
~__Sfir ** 1 to » cstOH dischargss,ln_ammatioaa,
fflStf Oaaruiie** 11 Irritations or nlcsraUoaj
ff«*f o.i t» tuiatort. ** of mncoai niembraa**.
_*"< *—*•••• C»«i_rl«i. Pain'.«s, and not astrla*
B__lTK£ET-<SCHEMlCJtLCa. g«nt or poiioaons.
feiiA oiiraK!UTi.«-_S3 —** ** o-^-* 1 ***
~s1_SBW j.j.4. _^T or •* n * la Plain wrayrar.
'JrWilM^ 07 •_ar»a», pm^ald. to*
VHBM_K/| •l.OO. »r » bottles *3.7».
~>^ggjg^V^ h circular itat » rnawt.
*A-»~T-BT-SX__E_rrS. -- ~" - •¦
S A MILLION ROMPING, ROY-
H _^^^* Ci " l^_^^ie^ KTEBXNG A____RICAN BOYS,
ll fWr " til0 tliat ea * too much pie
m 3r k^otJ\ -whenever they get a chanco,
|| J$L _,^-^ l_|i_a know that there's a sweet little
M i£~& $±r-S* _a^_q fragrant medicine tablet — a
K . %r \^ "^ __f*r pleasure to eat it — that cures
13 . L__L_%V WtfV that torture of childhood —
m ¦ ' ' J] SMALL BOYS' COLIC. Somo-
S \P|3BfME$7/ % </ times the little girte pet it too
|| IfiP&P'y \j(f —but CASOAIIETS Candy Ca-
a tM^-; _«jf thartlc, the perfect bowel and
[9 _• _^_f liver medicine end preventive
y J rf_fe>?ra5^*_"V_ < «S^jL^ of childhood's ailments, keep
fj ne cn^d-" en>a stomachs and
m sy3tera3 always in perfectly
_r^^S_^i^^^^^_ healthy condition. 'Wisexnoth-
B C^^fflttgBtSmSBEr tho house. All druggists, 10c,
M '^/%28z&ffiW&\^^^ 25c, 50c Be sure you get the
H (fflMmrinW&gtl /y grenuino — each tablet marked
a ffWtVjJlpTr-fffi 1 Jy OOO. Sample and booklet
1 / l€> S " Thev 'STERLING REMEDY CO- \
1 /_*> mJTffft Chicaaro or New York.
1 A^FdUAL SALE —TEN RS.LL90?J BOXES
|^ Greatest in the World egStcaajer. Destination. , | Sails. Pier.
¦ December 0. I
Czarina.... Coos Bay . direct.. ...... Pier 8
Bamoa;. " Los Angles Ports., 10 am Pier J
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland. |U »mjPler «
Spokane... Humbcldt . .' -1:30 p|PKr . U
December 10. I ) •
Arizonan" . Xew York direct. .[......Pier 23
i2 M> Coos Bay. direct. ..110 amlPlec la
FlTrekl"' Humboldt ......^..!» am|Pier 13
t^Jtir : Humboldt ....|1O am|Pier, -2
o narbkra" Seattle & Olympla. 4 pm|Pier > : a
Ventura Sydney- & Way... 2 pm|P!<r '-7
t Doifar" v Seattle &- Taeoma. 5 pmjPier 20
itftteCai"'* Ean Dleso & Way. » am|Plei.ll'
State cal... j, eccmber 1X . , ;,,
xt TV>ilar Grays Harbor. . . . . . 4 pm Pier 20
Areltn. • Coos B.-Pt. Orford. 4 pm Pier 13
A T ca 1 ,.'" -Seattle &.WhatC0m 4 pm|Pler 1O
5oi.?h FoVk Humboldt ..:...... 5 pmfPlor 20
CoosBry [Swl Pedro t. Way. 8 am|Pler il
Coos nay. . jjecenifetr 12. ¦ |
Pomona... Humboldt 1:30 p|PJe'r »
Pt Arena. Humboldt ..: 4 pm Pier 2
China . Chl.ia'i Japan.... 1 pm|Pler 40
citv Para N. Y. via Panama.. 12 m|Pier 4()
Oueen .... Pu^*t Hound Ports. 11 aro|Pur a
- - December 13. I -
,.„„'. ' '' ' ¦ Hum boldt .:...:... 9 am Pier - 2
Phoenix' " '. '. Mendocino City 1 pm Pier 13
rentralla... I-os Angeles Ports. 4 pm Pter 10
« e HosJ. . «an Diego & Way/ « am|Pler 11
Mlianceii. Eureka & Coos, B.{. '..... iPierlC
Ama Decemljer 14.
o Monrca . Grays Harbor...... 4 pm Pier 2
rhrhaUs Grays'Harbor...... 3 pm Pier 2
r \v • Eld'e I Astcria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
¦Rnnlta- Newport & Way. »'. 9 am|PI«r It
Ran Pedro" Humboidt -.-..": .-.:. . 10 amlPier 2
Bani-earo. December 16 . 1 , .
Seou'oia ... Grays Harbor....;. 4 pm Pier 10
Sequoia.... A , Deeember . 17> ,
Abydos.:.. Hamburg A: Way.. 2 pmfPler.rJ
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11'amiPier 1)
Centennial. Benttle.'& Tacoma:|10 amjPler • 2
•¦ December 18." | '¦ % | -, .
Nevadan... Honolulu .¦..'.: ....1 2 pmlPler 2J
December 19. | I -. ¦
Alameda.. . Honolulu - ...'.... ...Ill am Pier 7
San Jose..'. 'N.Y. via Panama. [12 m|PIer.4O
TO SAIL.
Steamer. », From. I ;. Due.
Empire Coos Bay & Pt. OrfordlDec. 9
Arcata.... ... Coos Bay & Pt. OrfordJDec. 9
Aztec Taeoma. (Dec. a
Phoenix Mendoclno (Dec. 10
laqua Humboldt |D*c. 1U
S Uarbara... San Pedro |Dec. 10
i'omona Humboldt |Dec. 10
Point Arena.. Mendoclno & Pt. Arena. | Dec. 10
Santa Rosa... s »n Diego & Way Pts. Dec. 10
San Jose - N*w York via Panama. Dec. 10
P 'Leggett..,- San Pedro ..Dec. 11
G \V. Klder.. Portland A Astoria Dec. 11
Alliance....".. Portland & Way Ports. Dec. 11
Del Norte Crescent City Dec. 12
G Dollar Ventura Dec. 12
Bonita ....-• Newport & Way Ports.. Dec. 12
Doric .....!..• China & Japan.. Dec; 12
San Pedro Grays Harbor Dec. 12
S Monica San Pedro Dec. 13
Kureka Humboldt Dec. 13
Senator Puget Sound Ports Dec. 13
Centennial." Seattle & Taeoma Dec. IS
Ccntralla..... Grays Harbor ....|Dec. 13
SDOkane.I Humboldt jDec. 13
rhehalls San Pedro JDee.,14
State of Cal.. San Diego &.Way Ports|De o . 14
Serbia ....... Hamburg & Way Ports Dec. 14
NeVadan... : . Honolulu .-., ......Dec. 14
Sequoia...... Grays Harbor Dec. H
Alamsda Honolulu Dec. 15
Coos Bay • San Tedro & Way Ports Dec. 16
Barracouta... New Ycrk via Panama. Dec. 10
Columbia. Portland As- Astoria Dec. 1«
New burg. .... Grays , Harbor. jDec. 17
North Fork... Humboldt ..•••••• £"• "
Umat'.Ua PuRet Sound Ports. . ., Dec. .18
J. Dollar. Seattle & Taeoma |Pec. 20
TO ARRIVE.
sign precedes the height.' and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
ot the lower/low waters.
Movements of Steamers. 1
Pennsylvania . farmers refuse to pay
more than $20 per month J for school
teachers, but are offering $2 per day. v for
men to dig potatoes.
pany. amounting: all together to $6000. payable
December 10.'. ¦¦- *' '---, — '
The Port Costa TVater Company will pay the
usual monthly dividend of: SO cents per share
on December IS. jj r '
The United Oas and Eleetrfc Company will
pay a regular monthly dividend of IS, cents per
share on December 15.
The Presidio and Ferries Railroad Company
has declared a regular monthly dividend of -'J
cents per share, payable December 15.
The 4«-i per cent bonds of the Territory of
Hawaii that were recently bought by an East
ern bond house have been largely resold to
national banks at 106 and Interest. The bonds
arc popular with national hanks owing to the
fsct that the Secretary of the Treasury offered
to rerciye them as security for public deposits,
provided the Government bonds so released
were used as security for circulation. The Sec
¦ retary gave 00 per cent of the par value of the
Hawaiian 4> a s In deposits.
Stock. and- Bond Exchange.
TCESDAT.' Dec. 8—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES "BONDS.
Bid.Ask 1 . Bld.Ask.
4s qr coup...;09^110^ »s qr cp nswir^j» 4 l3l»i
4s~qr reg 109 110 lie qr coup. ..1CS — .
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 3s. — — J Do 5s — 100
Bay CPC 5s. — IOC ! Do con. Ss. — 1<U
Cal C G Bs. — 100 |O GW 5s. — 8"
Cal C & E g {Oceanic S 5s. — 7.1
m e-. ct 5». — .102Vi Om Cable «s.l20 lrj
Cal-st 6s . . — \_ jPae G Im 4s. J» 10O
I C C Wat 5s. — 100 IP E Ry Hs.lOtUi —
Kd L & P ea.120 — JP t- C H 6?. — —
F & C H Cs. — It7 • P t- O R 6s.ll6m20
Oeary-st5s.. 45 00 Powell-jt «s.ll3t; — .
h c&s r,Tis.iO4i,i — s f G&n r.s. — ic*>
H C & Sf.it. — Jfil SF *¦ SJV55.11P>-;ilT '
Hon K T fis.1fM»ilO«»i R R or C <*.112>-i — ¦
1^ A Klec r»9.1O4iilf,3»i S P of A 6s
L A Ry 5s. .111 113, flflOTO 107*4 —
L A L Co Cs. — _ M910) 10S% —
Do Etd fis. — — S P of C Cs--'
Do Ktd fis. — 104 (100M«? r A. 102V, —
I-AP lem Rs.lOO — (190C)Sr B.lft3^,104
Mkt-st C fis.118 — . <19()C) 1 ftp- 10.-,
Do lcm Bs.112 114 «1912) 111*4 —
NRR of COs. 107 — SPC 1 cs 5.«. — —
Do 5s — Jts r> o stmpd-10<'.% —
: N P C R Bs. — 107 0 P B P. 6s. im 132 tj
ncr r.s... — no a v tv c«..ia^a; laau
¦ x c p c r>«. _ iot Do 4s ?dm. ns»j «»
! N;SfR!R 5s. OS ioi Do 4s .1dm. — -
: o n i. h Ss.107 — rtkn c.&r. «s — m->'i
i o t co es..ii7s; — It g / t e 5s. — io3
"WATER STOCKS.
nontra Costa — . 42 (Port Costa . . — — »
Marin Co... Cl — |S V W Co.. 38% 3»
OAS AND ELECTRIC.
j Mutunl E L. i>!4 10 S F Gas L.. 3 _
; Pac G Im... TA 54»4iStkn G & E. C » —
, Tac L Co 55?4 — U G & E. . . — —
lac E G&R. — _ I
TRUSTEES" CERTIFICATES.
S F G & E. 68
INSURANCE.
Fircm's Fnd.320 —
BANK STOCKS.
Am NU Bk. — 12."i L P * A ifift 170
Anglo-Cal .. ST, 91 Mer Tn>«...223 25O
Bank of Cal. 447 ii — Merch Ex... — _
Cal Safe Dp.l47Vil35 S F Nationl. — —
First Nationl — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.2235 2275 [Pav & L So. J)r f»»\
Hum S & L. — — |Sec Sav Bk.40O COO
Mutual Sav.100 105 Union TCo.. - —
S F Sav U..600 — 1
STREET RAILROADS..
California .. — 205 [Presidio 39% 45
Geary — 80 | '
POWDER.
Giant — 67 IVigorlt — 6
SCGAR.
Hans P Co.. — SOc Kilauea S C. — fi
Hawaiian- C. 4414 45 Makaweli C. 22U n>4
llonokaa 8 C Uii — Onomea S C. 30 S2 -
Hutch SPC10 10>4 Paauhau S C — 15
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.141%145 Oceanic S C. 5 6
Cal Fruit As. 92 — Pac A F 4U
Cal Wine As — 92Vi Pac C Borx.167 1€8
. Horning Session.
Street —
R0 Central Light and Power 4 00
$1000 Oakland Transit 6s 117 75
Afternoon Session.
Board —
10 Cal Wine Assn....' £2 CO
100 Kprlnsr Valley Water Co . 38 75
JfiOOO S P Cal 1st con r.s (stamped) 10« «Vi
?5000 S P of Arizona (1910) 108 50
Calif orn ici Stock and Oil Exchange
on stocks— ». H . i^
. , • atoCMI Bid. Asked.
Alma 135
Apollo 40
Associated Trust Certificates is "^o
Aztec of>
California Standard ....... .'." in
Caribou 1 co
Central Point Con 65 "'""
Chicago Crude . . . . ; m
Claremont 2S "
Esperansa 1 50 '/"
Four : ffT - at
Fulton 4 50
Giant "20
Hanford 132 00
H 011 * ••• w i'0O
Imperial is qq
Independence 15 jp,
Junction j9
Kern 500
Kern River 10 co 13 co
Lion en
Monarch (of Arizona) ..'.'. .. 45 *4S
Monte Crlsto f5 f>5
Occidental of W Va.... 18 *>q
Oil City Petroleum 2G
Peerless 13 75
Plttsbur^ is 26
Reed Crude (old> 29
S. F. & MeKlttrick 3 0O
Fan Joaquln O & D 4 00 ....
Senator €5 . 75
Sovereign ....r. SS ....
Htprllng 2 55
Superior 03 07
Thirty-three TOO . 7 «0
Toltec 2<>
Twenty-eight 4 CO ....
West Shore «... 2 00 ....
Associated ! Bonds '. 69 it
Reed Crude (new) .... 500
Teck Oil Co 1 10
Sunset 20
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land & Improvement. .'-.;.. -27 1 50
Alameda Sugar , >>#
American Biscuit
American District T*t
Cal Gas & Electric Corp.. ;
Cal Cotton Mills
Cal Jockey Club ...;
Cal Shipping Co 20 00 ....
Cal Title Ins & Tryst..".'.
! Central Bank of Oakland ,
I Chutes Company 7 75
' Cypress Lawn Imp Co. ' ....
J Fi6Cher's Theater .;. 2 12^ 2 23
Gas Consumers" Assn
Honolulu Sugar 16 00
; Northern Cal Power ....
'North Shore Railroad ....
Orpheum Company ....
¦ Pacific States Tel &_Tal...'. ...i ....
: Parafflne Paint .35 00 '
; Pan Francisco Dry Dock..' 1 . ....
Sanitary Reduction Works .. 1 30 1 73
Sausalito Land & Ferry--'.- .... ' .... ¦
Sperry Flour Company ....
Standard Electric
Tesla Coal Company 32 50
Truckee Electric
.Union Sugar- '...V
United Gas & Electric ....
OFFICIAL SALES.
¦ Mornins Session.
BOO Monte Crlsto TA
100 Twenty-eight Oil 4 : % O
275 Aztec 75
SCO Chicago Crude 18
20O Sovereign (cash) 39
300 Monarch 40
¦ • . • '- ' Afternoon Session.
.100 Superior tut :
j COO Home ?•••• 05
Mining Stocks.
• SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE. '
-Following were the sales on the San Fran
i Cisco Stock and Exchange. board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Andes . .... . . 19 "<*> Mexican ...... Of
1 100 Belcher ..... 24 100 Occidental ... .47
1C0 Best & Belch.2 10 100 Occidental ... 4?
4C0 Caledonia W 4C0 Ophlr 2 00
100 Chollar 21 SC(\ Overman 13
lOOOCon C &.V».1.CS 4fO Potost Jft
•100 Con C & Va.l 10 600 Sierra Nev .. 50
" 10O Con NT IS 200 Silver Hill .. f>2
: 200 Crown Point.. IT iro ITnion Con .. M
?.ftO Gould &¦ Cur. 28 300 Union Con . . Si
200. Hale & Norcs. 47 BOO l^nlon Con . . 02
200 Justice 11 200 Utah 1:
500 Mexican OS oC0 titah .......; u
Afternoon Session.
500 Andes *« COO Sierra Nev .. . 41
loo Belcher ..... 2- SOO Sierra Nev ..- 44
100 Chollar -*-*> 10O Silver Hill .. 7«
20ft Con C & A'a.l 00 2OO Silver Hill .« 1%
10C0 Con Imperial. 03 200 Union Con .. 4*
200 Gould & Cur. 35 2C0 Union Con . . 49
«K) Mexican ..... 90 800 Utah \-
WX) Ophir 1 S.1 4C0 Yellow Jacket Zl
COO Savage ...... 40 f
.,'.¦¦ PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
. Following were the sales on the PaciHc Stock
Exchange yesterday: \- ¦
Morning Session.
500 Andes .....I. IT 100 Ophlr ........2 lo
700 Belcher ..... 23 200 Ophtr ........1 9.1
: 100 Best & Belch.2 05 200 Potosl i»
" 700 Chollar >..... 22 SCO Savage 45
SOO Con'C & Va.l 10 .4CO Savage 41
200 Con C:& Va.l OS ' 20O Sierra Nev.... 51
¦ 'SCO Crown Point. " 16 50«» Sierra Nev ,.-'4S
' 300 Exchequer- .. II '80O Union Con .. BJ
. r.0O Gould & Cur. • T.S 2CO Union Con . . 5f
3f>0 Hale & Norcs. 47 200 Union Con ' . . • .">*
. 200 Mexican ..... SU 200 Union Coa ..5'
BERLIN, Dec. 8.— Emperor William on
Saturday last summoned to Potsdam
Captain von Usedom, who succeeded
Admiral Count von Baudissin as com
mander of the, imperial yacht Hohen
zollern, and it is said the yacht will sail
for the Mediterranean on December 20
and await the Emperor; in Italian wa
ters. The Hohenzollern is now at Kiel,
inclosed in a temporary covering, pre
venting outside observation, but the
Tageblatt asserts that the work of fit
ting: her out for sea is being hurried.
Kaiser to Cruise on Mediterranean.
TORONTO, Ont.. Dec. 8. — Surveyors
of the projected Grand -Trunk Pacific
Railroad •> conflrm the report that the
two islands, Sitklan and Kannaghunut,
awarded to the United States by the
Alaskan boundary tribunal, are' twenty
miles from Port Simpson, instead of
two, and do not, therefore, command
the new Pacific port. The error in the
distance is said to have been traced to
a mistake in printing, the words
"twenty ar.d thirty miles" having been
copied "two and- three miles."
Surveyors Conflrm Report That Sit
klan nud Kannaglmnut Arc Twenty
Miles From j Port, Slippson.
ERROR MADE IN REPORTING
DISTANCE '-OF- 'THE 'ISLANDS
.•ainamt-i —.— .
sept plumbing, gas fitting, sewerlnjr. elec
trical ; work . trimming, hardware, shades, ttl-
Ic5 and painting for a two-story frame build
in? on S line of Washington street - 137:8 V7
of Lyon. S 127:3*1 bv- W S3: 5. 'Western Ad-
Jit icn block 62 1; $3Q"5.
Andrew R. Jackson and Ruiij E. Balrd
lornrn) with Sylvester Sayw«l! {contractor).
Valhanle! Blaiidell architect — All work ax.
Builders' Contracts.
Same to Ellen Harris (wife of E. B.). lot on
W lme of Valencia street, 140 3 o£ Fifteenth. 3
by 17 00; $ .
Edward O'Neill (by B. P. Oliver, commis
sioner) to Hlbcrnia Savings and Loan Society,
lot on N line of Seventeenth street. 123 W-of
Ifclcres. W 25 by N 1C0; $1000.
Sa,mo by same to same, lot on IC line of
Seventeenth street, 10O W of Dolores. W 23
by N 100; $4<)VO. ¦
Marsaret Koch to John C. Costello, lot on
S line of Clipper street, 202 E of Church, B
26 by S 114: $!0.
Constantlne and Mary Wulrflnc t» Pranc?s».
Mary A. and Catherine Wulffingr. lot on NH
corner of Noe and Twenty-third streets, N
114 by E 25:6; «rlft.
Andrew and Sarah Cant to H. H. Lincoln,
lot on N line of Twenty-eighth street. 135 £3
of Noe. E 25 by N 114: $10.
H. H. Lincoln to D. Coffin and Err.il Gunj
bursrer, same;" $10. v
Pasquale and Teresa Glanlnl to Olanbatlsta.
Cardano. lot on . N line of Franctsco street.
22:11 E of Mason. E 22:11 by N 60: $10.
California Title Insurance and Tiust Com
pany to Society of California Pioneers, lot on
NW tine of Jessie street. ISO SW cf Fourth.
3\V 50 by NW 75: 810. .
Margaret E. Bailey. Stephen K.. Edmund C.
and • Bunell L. Jones to Annie E. Steinmeta.
undivided 4-5 of 1-12 of lot on SW corner of
Howard and Russ streets. W 20 by R S5; $600.
Antonio Damonte to Francis W. Hogan. lot
on W line of Texas street, 125 N cf Nevada
N 50 by W 1C0: $10.
Edward and Agnes Glnley to Andrew J. Gal.
areath. Iot on N line of Clement street 107
W of Eighth avenue, W 2:8 by N 1C8: $10.
II. E. and Laura A.' Plnney to John W.
HoweH. lot on W lire of First avenue 100
N of C street. N 33:4 by W 120; $ll>. ' S\
. Same to Lydia Malowansky. lot on S UnV
of C street. 100 E of Second avenue, E 38, 3
1C0. W 20. S 5. W 10. N 1U."> : Sio.
Solomon and Dora Gets to William Clifford.,
lot on W line of Forty-fourth avenue. 125 3
at U street. S 5O by W 120; $ia
¦ Charles Schroth estate and estate of Charles
F. Schroth <by John F. Schroth, «secntor) to
Schroth Company (corporation^ 129S M. 304,
made by Clayton B. Wilson. August 23. 1001.
recorded August 2:: 1001; al3o 1309 M. Z19,
ma.ii! by Richard N. Nason. April 7 1902. re
corded April IS. 19C2; also 131S M. 44. mad*
by William and Lucy A. Hayatt. April 16. 1002.
recorded May 20. 19C2; also 1289 M. Z39. majs
by J. P. Fraser, February 13. 1001. recorded
June 1, 100.1; also 1239 M. 250, made by Jose
phine Cand Teresa C. Walsh. July 26. 1901;
also 1294 M. 442. mad? by Fran'x and Marv*F.
Frates August 10, 1001: also 1204 M. 44!>. mada
by George It. and Louise M. Ounn. Autrust '¦'..
laoi; al3o 1011 l>. 37G. made by Geonre H. and
Anna Bahrs. May 14. 1903; also 1908 I>. 4SS.
made by E. C. Decnpsey, 'July 1O. 1901. r»
cordedV u 'y W. 1001: also 107B D. 15. mads by
EnmaW. Heston, July 11. 1003. racoiiUd Octo
ber 10. 1303; $ .
Joseph B. and Catherine M. Vl2zarJ to LJs3!<i
Doy!e lot on N line of S*itamor»> street. 53
\V of Plymouth avenue. W 50 by X 125, blacit
D. Railroad Homestead: $10.
Mary L. Graves to J. T. ISloomfleld, lot on
SW line of Visltacion " street. 818 SiE of Mll-
Uken. SE eS by SW 1S3; $10.
Same to same, lot commencins 153 SW of
Visitation street and S1G SE of Mliliken. SW
33 by SE «8: $10.
Lus and Annie Cocper to Mary D. Flood,
lot on NE line of Fifth street, 250 SE of Fol
som SE 23 by NE 100: $10.
P«ter sad Annie Currj- to Arthur W. Fos
ter, lot on V. line nf Fir?t avenue, 21:7}, S
of I-ake. S M by W 83; $10.
Jcseph anil Caroline Xa?h to Arthur w.
Foster, lot on S line of Lak« street. 85 W ot
First avenue. W 50 by S 102:«: $10.
Hermann and Louise Schussler to Albert u.
Nichols. ;ot on E lin* of Twelfth avenue. ISO
S of Lake street. S 75 by E 120: $10.
George and Marie E. Tourny to Louis P.
Kerner, lot on SE corner of California s:rs«t
and Sixth avenue. E 3:. v :t» by S ICO; $10.
Frank F. and Isabel Dunker to John Bren
ner, lot on W line of Sixth avenue. 75 S of.
C street. S 25 by W ICO: *10.
City Realty Company to James L. Holland,
lot on E line of Fifth avenue. 120 S of H
street. S 30 by E 120: $10.
Rosa Humphreys to Mary A. Berget. lot en
E line of Eighth avenue, 275 3 of X street. 3
25 by E 120: *lft.
Robert and Christine F. McMillan to "Walter
Mohrls. tot on E line of Forty-seventh avenue.
125 S of J street, S 25 by E 120; $10.
Union Trust Company to Charles' A. and Ot
tilia E. MeClure. lot on N line of O str.<*«t.
ICO E of Ninth avenue. E 82 :« by N 100; $10.
F. B. Surryhne ta Thomas Martin^ lot on E
line of Forty-se\-enth avenue. 125 N of V
street. N 5O by ,E 120; $10.
Mary E. Strouw to Christian F., John H..
Peter and Jacob Lleb. lot on S line of IM«I
street, 261 W of Howth. S 121:6 by E 25. lot t.
block 11. San MUruel city: also lot en W lln«
of Howth street. 141 :« S of Geneva. S 1.10 by
W 10O. lots 2 and 3, block 11. same: also lot
commencing 256 9 c-f Geneva street and Io0:«
W of Hotvth. Vt 133:9. N 25. E 141. S 25. loc
3, block 11. same: also lot on V." line of
Ho-artfc street. 2S» S of Geneva. /I 1-U). W 1C*>,
N 130. W «7. N 2H. XV 100.. S h)0:6. E 14T.:2.
S 25, W 11.1:6, S 33. E 274, lots 1, 2 and 3,
block 11. same; $10.
Ludwig (alias Louis) Wagner to John J.
-Quinn and Mlltcn L. Schmltt, lot on NW lin*
of Madrid street. 250 SW cf China avenu?,
S1V 50 by NW ICO, block 2t>, Exc?lalor Home
stead. <juitcli!m deed; $1.
John J. and Emma M. Quinn and Helen A..
Sehmitt to Bemhard Getz. same: also lot on
NW line of Taria *tre«t, 175 SW of China
avenue. S"iV 25 by NW 1C0. block 13. Excel
sior Homestead; $10.
McCarthy Company to T.rrence O'Connor,
lot 30. block -if*. Sunnyside; $10.
J. XV. AVrisht & Sons Investment Company
to Mary A. Cain, lot nn XE line of China
avenue. 50 NW of Vienna street. N\>\. 'J5
by NE 1C0, block 53. Excelsior Homestaad;
HO.
WllhelmlnH and Paul E. Struck to EiwiM
W. and Annie Schoeppe, lot 14, block B Sil
vsr Terrace: $.".Co.
Michael End Hannah M. Forrest to O. F. von
Rfceln, lot on W line of Cough street, CO N of
O'Farrell, N 27 by W 137:«; $10.
Georirianaa A. and James B. Cowden to Al
bert Caron. let on N line of Filbert street.'137:t>
W of Flllmore. W 27 :« by N 12O: $10.
Clarence C. and Edmund C Burr.. Lucy B.
Holman anJ Mary N. Allyne to Frank and
Mary E. Lindsay, rerecord 1029 D. 468, same;
: $10.
Baird Estate (a corporation) to Andrew L.
EdTrards, lot on E line of Ashbury street, 100 S
of Halght. S 23 by E 125: $10.
Same to Stephen A. Born, lot on W line of
Mafonic avenue, .'.2:8 N of Waller street, N 10U,
W 100, S 85. W «::;. S 103. E 106:3; $10.
Charles and Jessie Pattou to Thomas Vodden.
lot on E line of Ashbury street. 50 3 of Page.
S 25 by E 90: $10.
Amelia C. Rodriguez to Charles H. Shipman
lot on W-llne of Belvedere street. 110 N of
Frederick, N 25 by W 120: $10.
Carlton C. and Alvena Crans to. Joseph Nash.
iot on E line of Maple street. 102:8(4 S of Sac
ramento. Si 20:10vi, E 112:B, X 25, "W 78. Vt
4:10'<,. W 34:6; $10.
City and County of San Francisco- to Isabel
A. Barrington. lot en W line of Guerrero street
115:6 S of Sixteenth, S 30, W'99, N 22^. W en
an angle 42:3 feet. N on an angle 6O:0"A feet.
N on an angle 35::5U. S 31:6^i. E 09:10; $ .
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
BESLIX, Dec. 8.— It became known
to-day that the -leading female dancer
at the Metropolie Theater, Fraulein
Freida Boelke, v;as murdered, at a ho
tle' in Cologne December 2 by Ferdi
nand Tessier, a manufacturer of ma
chinery at Vichy, France, who. had
several times been a Nationalist can
didate for member, of the. Chamber of
Deputies. They were engaged to be
married and had dined together at the
hotel and quarreled in a private sit
ting-room because the woman had
looked too frequently, as. Tessier
thought,- at another man in' the din
ing-room. He first tried to chloro
form the dancer, but she was a strong
woman and pushed him off... Tessier
then took a hatchet, which he had
concealed about him, and struck the
woman . once ineffectually. He then
stabbed her. fafally three times with
a dagger. The hotel people heard the
struggle : and . rushed to the spot,
whereupon Tessier, with his back to
the door, shot and killed himself.
Upon Tessie.r's^body were found a
variety of weapons, several sorts of
poison and Crosses and amulets 'from
Lourdes. Though the tragedy oc
curred - December 2/ through the in
fluence of Tessier's family, the facts
were not published until, the dancer
was buried here yesterday.
SLAYER KILLS HIMSELF
Friends of the Principals .in
the Tragedy Try to Keep the
Affair a Secret From Police
French Manufacturer Murders
Danseuse in Private Dining-
Koomof a Hotel in -Cologne
ANGER CAUSES
DOUBLE CRIME
Afternoon Session.
200Cfcollar «0> C5O Potosi 1»
• "COCcn C * Va.l-lOlW) Potosl A 2»
«00 Crown Point. 1CJ SCO Savaw **
CCO Gou!d & Cur. S3' 20O S erra. Nev .. 4T
600 Mexican »1 30O S erra Nev . . 4^
30O Mexican .. SO W Silver H!il .. 7S
ICO Ophir .?.:.... 1 0C «» v .ri? a Coa " *%
. 300 Ophlr 1 S3 «i« 12
10O Ophir 1 05'
TONOPAH MIXING <EXCIIANGE.
Fol!owipjr were the sales on the 3an Fran
cisco and Tonopah MininK Exchanga ytsteruay:
Morning Serslon.
1O.OCO Esperania . 01 1«» Mont Ton. ..1 3S
2('O MacXamara. 14 *XO Ton N Star. 3S
ICO Mont Ton...1 4."> lvO Ton *• Star. U7
ICO Mont Ton...l 40
Afternoon Sesaior.
ICO MacNamara . lit 1C0 Ton Midway. . 3i>
200 Mont Ton . .1 4.*. »:C<» Ton Midway. . 4*
400 Mont Ton 1 50 JOOO Ton Midway.. 47
200 Mont Ton.. I 52V :tf'> Ten Midway.. 4>1
»:0O Mont Ton ..1 Tw 2CO Ton N S:ar.. 3a
SCO Rescue .. 0 7,
TirESDAX". Dec. 8 — * P m -
Alpha B W AS 04 i Jiili.-i ** 55
AUa ..' (tt c;! Justice f0 lrt
Andes 17 is Ktntuck «« Ol
Rclcher 2:1 IMiKpyea Graea. — I - Sl>
r.-st & Betch.2 fiO 2 J.i! Mexican !*> nl
Bullion 07 CS Oo.'uj^-ntal ... 4"> 5»»
Caledonia .... 84 831>pMr .... 1 >5 1 »*>
Ohallense Con 21 24 Overman .... W i-*
ChoMar 20 21 Pctost 1» ' ->?
Confidence ... SO 90t'ava«e 4t> *'4l
i Con C & Va.l W I f5> Scorpion 02 M
Con Imperial. <v: C4!:V K Belcher.. 07 OH
Ccn NY 12 13 Nrv .. 4« 4S
Crown Point. 1* 17 Silver HP.I .. "5 7H
Kureka Con.. — 60 St Louts 14 1*
Exchequer ... 10 HTyniJlcate .... 04 *>1
Gould & Cur. S5 37il'nion Con .. W> - 5t
Hale & Norcs. 47 CO T-tah 12 M
l^xdy Wash . . — 0". Yellow Jacket 24 25
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid. Ask. | Blri.As'rf.
Gipsy Queen.. — . SO, Rescue ,. Oft 0*
Go!d M Con. 01 05 Ton Belmcnt.. 65 7«
Hannapah ... — 12 Ton & Cal... — 2H
MacXamara . 13 14 Ton of Nev.. 5 75 6 8'>
Mont Ton.l 52'i 1 STV^Ton N Star.. SS 40
Paymaster ... — "0 Ton Midway... 4fl 4"?
Pine Grove... 29 — ; Unitsd Ton . 10 H
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued > From Page^ Thirteen.
The British steamship Oanfa, which
is bringing from the Orient a qargo for
Oanfa Ixravcs 3foi-oran.
United States Coast and - Geodetlt . Survey —
¦ Time and Heights of High and Low Waters
; ' at Fort • Point, ¦ entrance ¦ to • San TFranciseo
Bay. - Published by official authority of tha
Superintendent. :. ,• -^ •:. •
NOTE.-rThe high and low waters occur at
the, cj ty front (Mission-street wharf) about "5
minutes later than at • Fort 'Point: the height
of, tide is the same at . both places.: . - .
. WEDNESDAY. DECEMDER 9. V
Sun rle<>a, ..... .'...;.;...........,.... 7:14
Sun .sets .." -. ... .. .4:50
Moon -rlsea '.........,....:.......'.. 10:34 p. m.'
t) iTlmeir™ lTimel~~.I Time ~7^ Time ~-' :
,5. ¦• H Ft. -—-I Ft. Ft. FL.
?-.. |HW|'. |LW|,. ; HW ¦¦..; I. "W . ,
8-, 2:38 . R.2 7:50 2.8 1:4S .5.4 8:29—0.5
9 3.43 :n.3 9:01 2.8:2:51 6.0 8:20/0.0
10 4:X2 G.4 10:18 2.5 4:05 '4.6 10:10 ;O.8
11 5:20 V 0.5 11:33 C2.1 5:27 4.2 11:20 1.1
12 I 6:10 , 5.0112:381 1.5 0:49 .4.1 ..... ..|..
|L ,V»I ; -¦-¦|H < WI. ' ILW ; -|HW'.
IS I 0:211- 1.51.7:001 B.7) 1 :H8 ' 1.0|,H:10 4.S
14 .ri:rt|s'1.9|:7:50j - 6.^2:34 • .O.'4|!.O:19P 4.4
Y NOTK.— In the above exposition 'of th«. tides
the * early, morning', tides are Riven In the .left
hand- column and the /successive;- tides , of , : the
day In, the ordpr of occurrence an to time; the
fourth . time . column i gives ; the : last- tide • of the
day. except when there are but three ; tides, as
fometlmes ? occurs. ; \ The , heights given , are '¦>. in
addition, to the sotindlngs cf .the United: States
Coast Survey charts,- except when; a. minus (— )
There was no change made yesterday
in the.rates of ( reinsurance and the
overdues are quoted as follows : • Der
went, 10 per cent; ' "Flfeshire, 65 per
cent;. Paris, 70 per cent; Talca, 25 per
cent; Michele. Blanchl,'10 per : cent;
Thalia, SO per cent"; La ?ruyere, 40 per
cent, and Beechdale, 15 per cent.
The Overdue List.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Com-
pany's Spokane, newly painted with
Beveral coats of shining white, spent
four hours yesterday in Mission Bay
near Channel street.. When she re
turned to her berth at Broadway the
fumes from the sewer-tainted waters of
the south end of the harbor had taken
all the shine from the coaster's new
jacket and changed the white to - a
streaky, dirty yellow, which "defied 5 the
scrubbing brushes of the crew and gave
the' smart. little, steamship a. most dis
reputable appearance.'
Sewer Gas Spoils Paint.
Tou cannot whitewash yourself by
blackening others.
'The- Time Ball on the tower ; of ' the Ferry
building was dropped; exactly at noon to-day —
1.- e., ¦ at noon , of the. 120th -meridian, or at 8
p. m., Greenwich time. - • . J. C. BURNETT,
.-}.;;;>":: Lieutenant U." S. N., - In charge. ,
Branch Hydrographic Office, ¦ U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchanjre, ¦ San' .Francisco, Cal.,
December 8. 1303.-. .
Time Ball.
¦Br atmr Stanley Dollar; Bruce Nagasaki
M£'rc 6 & 1 Co Mayfleld - n ° bert8 ' Sydney; 9 ' j J
*>£ 3 "' Lc " n ' Queenstown;
J«l'xS&VS£?? Mclntyre, Port Town-
Ro S iph r J^'^fe*?^ Hlnd> :
. SAILED.
' Tuesday, December 8.
mr C Ja No . rte v Gr *« n . ¦ Crescent \ City.
Stmr Redondo. Krogy. Eureka ( •«- -" " ¦
Stmr Noyo, EIlefsen, Fort Brace
Stmr Chico. Martin, Bandon. t ~ v
« S v!!y . Stanlsy DolIar - Bruce, ; Portland and
Stmr Santa Cruz. Alberts, Santa Cruz •
Stmr Coronado. Peterson. Santa Earbara.
Stmr' Whttesboro, Otsen, Greenwood ' -
- Rtmrllandalay, Payae. Crescent City ' * '
I^eciasaw. Monroe, Taeoma - ?; -
Stmr Lakmo,' Klitraard. Eureka ' ' • '"- ' '
. V S «mr Petrel.- Caopan, cruise.': ' •
¦ Br ship Andorinha, Nicholas Astoria
Bktn' Gleaner, Schme!, Columbia niver "•""
.Schr Kepcat, Wll8cn,.-Coo« Bay. ¦ •• ••." '
Schr Joseph Rum, Anderson. Aatorlm,' '¦
•; TELEGRAPHIC. •••
POINT LOBOS— Dec 8. 10 pm— Weather
hazy;, wind NE; velocity 8 mllea per hour
DOMESTIC PORTS. . "
TACOMA— Sailed Dec 8— Stmr American for
Honolulu end New York. . '.
POP,T TOWNSEND— Arrived Dec' 8— Fr bark
Colonel do Vlllebcis Mareull, from Port Eliza
beth. , ' ' • ¦¦: ¦ ¦ ¦¦¦- .-
TATOOSH^-Passed In ' Dec 8— Nor etrnr Tel
lua, hence Dec 5 • for Ladysmith ; »tmr Edith
hence Dec S for Seattle. *.-..-¦ • f x>aun '
• . PORT GAMBLE— Sailed • Dec ' 8— Bark Pal
myra, for San Francisco; schr Queen, for San
Francisco. ;-•¦¦¦ • : ... • ... ' . r : -\ •' »-
UMPCiUA— Sailed Dec 0— Stmr San Gabriel
for- Eureka. • ¦ ' •¦• .- - .-;••¦ ¦? '<
PORT HARFORD— Sailed Dec 8, . 7 ', p m—
Stmr BonlU.. for'S3n .Pedro.' ; ' , / ,"-- ir
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Dec 7— Stmr
Fulton, hence. Dec 6. ", 8— Stmr Francis H Leg
(rctt. from Sa'i Pedro. '- ' *"*' J. • ' • ~'V-7*iiB|UJl
Sailed Dec S — Stmr Alcatraz,' for -San < Fran-'
cIm-o. J'" i |l>T|—lB>irflfiiW|IM(li ji i_li
SOUTH -BEND-^Salledv Dec 8 — Bktn/Arago/
for San Francisco.'. ¦'¦i-.»- -_'* -^ -^ :- '-- 5 1^ -/
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Dec j 8— Stmr' South :
Tuesday, December 8.
dondT 1S * 0> '°' EIlefsen ' M h0 «« from R»
toria mr QUeen> Couslns - 60 h&ur « ; from Vic-
Stmr Coronado, Peterson, 58 hours" from
"^ . CLEARED. • ; ,
c, -i w. Tuesday, December 8.
iJd^rS" Borao ' Astorisl - o«w» Ran:
Shipping: Intelligence.
ARRIVED
William A. Wescott/ a mariner, with
some local fame a3 a sea lawyer, and
who was recently jettisoned from Har
bor 15 of the Masters' and Pilots' As
sociation, insisted on Monday night
upon attending the meeting of that or
ganization. Although overboard and
drifting astern as far as Harbor 15 is
concerned Wescott by the aid of an
injunction is legally suspended between
air and water and according to his
own ideas a member in good standing
of the association that made him walk
the plank. An election of officers was
to have been held 'Monday evening.
Wescott put in an appearance. He
was asked to withdraw. He declined
and talked back, when the Harbor
members who had voted him from the
family criticized his action. Police
Sergeant Cook, who was called in to
eject Wescott, declined to do so, saying
that the trouble was of a private na
ture, the rough house in a private place
and the. whole affair outside the juris
diction of a public peace officer. The
sergeant resumed . his rounds, Wescott
his seat. The meeting broke up in dis
order and the election was not held.
Prevents Election of Officers.
Dr. C. L. McGowan of Sacramento
Is at the Grand.
E. H. Hudson, a merchant of Marys
vllle, is registered at the Lick.
J. Craig, proprietor of Highland
Springs, is staying at the Grand, i
Dr. R. H. Rink and wife of Indian
apolis arrived at the Palace yesterday.
Thomas Friant, a wealthy timber
man of Grand Rapids, is at the Palace.
P. C. Drescher, a prominent busi
ness man of Sacramento, is at the Cal
ifornia.
" Lewis T. Wright, manager of the
Iveswick copper properties, is at the
Palace.
Attorney W. H. Metson left f,or the
City of Mexico on a business trip last
evening.
C. D. Willard. secretary of the
Municipal League of Los Angeles, ar
rived in this city yesterday.
W. M. Bowen, president of the Los
Angc-les City Council, is making a
short visit in San Francisco.
Oscar Lawlor, general attorney of
the Wholesalers' Board of Trade of
Lcs Angeles, is registered at the Pal
ace.
W. C. Bowen, president of the Los
Angeles City Council, Is in the city for
at few days and is the guest of the Rev.
Dr. F. M. Larkin.
PERSONAL MENTION".
The schooner Defender was cleared on Mon
day for HonoiDU via Puako with an assorted
merchandise cargo valued at $31,745 and in
cluding the following: 310 bbls flour. 3508 lbs
br^ad. 1975 ctlf barley. 101 ctls wheat, 30.291
lbs bran. 0(513 |b:. middlings. 40 cUs oats. 2B5
bales hay. 12.CC0 lbs Fait. 440 lbs beans, 780
lbs lard. bzts paste. 72 ps canned goods. 1 cs
wine. 2M) lbs dried fleh, fo crts potatoes. lSSO
bs sugar, .'52 pkgs jrroeerles and provisions, 100
lbs nutF. 10O Ib3 dried frult> 20 bbls pickled 1
ca canned Ealmcn, ICO lbs meals, 200 lbs ham.
1<,4(5 ft lumber, 70 pk^s machinery. 2 carboys
acid, ,.R lbi> soda. OfMK) E als distillate. 25 cs 4
casolin", 112 cs coal oil, 120 bbls lime,
fr\^ t«8r£ly ie 5&&" cs amn ™mtion, 3 ci
drugs, 105« bdln 70 bars Iron, 12 bars steel 4
tobacco. 9 pkgs wa*on material, 5 bdls
mlllwork, Jb cs boots and shoes, 10 coils rope,
Pain^and^r 1^ 1 *»»-«««.-« A
Merchandise for Hawaii.
The British ship Forrest ' Hall was cleared
yesterday for Queenstown for orders with 70.
132 ctls barley, valued at 587.665. and 26,(580
ft cf lumber as dunnage, valued at ?400.
Barley for Europe.
Th-» British eteamer Stanley Dollar, which
cleared yesterday for. Nagasaki via Portland,
carried 188.720 lbs tanbark. valued at $2500,
as cargo from this port.
Shipments of Tnnburk.
The ships Suscuehanna and William P.
Frye proceed to Honolulu to load sugar for
New York. . ,
Matters of .Interest to Mariners and
'Shipping Merchants.
XEWS OF THE OCEAN'.
The United States gunb<jat. Petrel
loft the harbor yesterday for a cruise
along the northern coast.
Petrel Leaves on Cruise.
The Mayfield was 258 days coming
from Hamburg and when she reached
here was in bad shape, having been in
some hard battles with the elements.
During her stay in port she has spent
a considerable time at the Risdon Iron
Worfts, where all damage was repaired
and the vessel thoroughly overhauled.
The Mayfield has wearied of waiting
after a much briefer spell than a num
ber of other Bri^sh ships have taken.
The Cawdor arrived here February 27,
1902, and is still resting and rusting on
a mud bed near Martinez. The Sil
berhorn, which arrived a month before
the Cawdor, has become one of the
permanent parts of the Sausalito land
scape, and from present prospects
these two vessels and a large fleet of
others flying the British flag must
either sail away in ballast in search of
business elsewhere or reconcile them
selves to many moj-e months of waiting
before charters at paying figures will
be available.
The British ship Mayfleld, whicn
cleared yesterday for Sydney, whither
she goes in ballast, arrived here from
Hamburg on February 24 of this year,
nearly nine months ago. In spite of her
long and patient wait she is leaving
without a charter, going in ballast to
the Australian port in the hope j of
there- finding business better than she
and a big fleet of her sisters have found
it here.
the Occidental and Oriental Steamship
Company, lsft Mororan December 5 and
will be here about December 21.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Dec .8— Stmr Aurania.
for Alders. -Naples.' etc; stmr ¦¦. Rhein 'for
Bremen; atmr Victorian, for. Liverpool; stmr
Pa la tla.- for "Naples and Genoa.- ¦¦.•¦ '
GHRISTIANIA— Sailed' Dec 4— Stmr HeMs
Olava. for- New York. " ¦' ; . , • ¦
NAPLES— Arrived. Dec 7— Stmr Calebria, fra
New York via Genoa and , Leghorn.
Sailed Dec 7— Stmr Prinz Oskar. ; for New
York. -
.GLASGOW— Arrived Dec 8— Stmr Furnessla,
from New York via Movllle; 'stmr Laurentlan,
from New York.-. . . ¦..-.-. - ., .
• LONDON— Arrived Dec S— Stmr Mlnnehaha.
from New York. . • / -" . .- . ¦ .
• BREMEN — Arrived Dec - 8 — Stmr Grosser
Korfurst, from New York..
ANTWERP — Arrived Dec S^-Stmr Zeeland.
from New York. • ' ' <¦••
¦PLYMOUTH — Arrived Dec 8-rStmr Patricia,
from New York for Cherbourg and Hamburg
(and proceeded). ..-"; ..••-'' ..'
LIVERPOOL — Sailed • Dec 8-;-Stmr Saxonla,
f or Botton. . .. ¦¦;-:'-¦' ; ' -\ -, ". ¦' • : . :..
• CORONEL — Passed Nov 13 — Br stnir Angli
African, from nitrate ports, for Baltimore.
DUNKIRK— In port Nov 22— Br ship Glen
ard. for Pacific Coast. . »
HONGKONG— Arrived orior to Nov 23 — Br
stmr Teenkal, from Glasgow, for Puget Sound.
MARSEILLES — Arrived Dec ,5 — Br stmr
Mnchaon. , from Taeoma.
PANAMA — Arrived Nov 23 — Br ship Eu
phrates, from Newcastle, Aus. - .
CALETA^BUENA— Arrived Nov 21— Br etmr
Quito, from Panama.
CALLAO— Sailed Nov 18 — Br stmr Baroda,
for Boston. .:¦;...
AUCKLAND — Arrived Dec 7— Stmr Sonoma,
hence Nov lf».
ROTTERDAM— In port Nov 22— Fr bark
Montebello. from Swansea, for San Francisco.
HULL— In port Nov 2.V— Fr bark Marie Mo
linos, for Swansea and San Francisco
EAST LONDON— Arrived Deo 8— Schr
Churchill, from Astoria.
NEWCASTLE, Auk— galled . Dec 5— Bktn
Amaranth, for Honolulu.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Dso < 6— Etmr Vic
toria, from Taeoma, and not as previously re
ported.
SYDNEY — Arrived nrior to Dec S — Br stmr
Aorangi, from Vancouver. . ¦ ¦ ' .
FOREIGN PORTS,
DELAWARE BRKAK WATER— Sailed Dec
7 — Ship Acnv. for New York.
NEW YORK-rSalled Dec .8— Br atmr Con
dor, for Callao.
EASTERN PORTS,
HONOLULU— Arrived Dec 8— U S stmr Lo
pan, hence Dec 1 for -Manila, via Guam; bktn
S G Wilder, hence Nov 20. .
Sailed Dec 7 — U S stmr Sherman, for San
Francisco; Oer hark Solide, for Punta Arenas.
KAHUL17I — Sailed Dec 5 — Stmr •' Nevadan,
for. San Franci«co.
HILO — Arrived Dec * 7 — Stmr ' Rosecrans,
from Honolulu.
ISLAND PORTS
Bay. from Eureka; stmr Alcazar, from Point
Arena. .
Hailed Dec 8— Stmr Xewsboy, for San Fran
cisco.
ASTORIA— Arrived Dec S— Stmr Despatch,
hence Dec f>. • • ¦
¦ Called Dec 8 — Schr Compeer, for. San Fran
cisco; Jtrar- Alliance, for San Frariclscorvbktn
Tnm O'Shanter, for San Francisco; Fr baric
Germalne, for yueenstown; stmr Navarro for
Coos liny. • : ¦. ¦ - ¦ . .- ., ; .- , s •¦
EUREKA— Sailed Dec 8— Stmr Ndrth Fork^
for San Francisco. . < . •
SAN. DIEGO— Sailed Dec, 8— Br bark Inver
arrFay. ¦ for Puget Sound. ' ' • . • .
AIJEUDEEX— Sail»d Dec 8— Schr Chas K
Wilson, for Honolulu.
Sailed Dec 7 — Stmr Snnta Barbara, for San
Francisco; stmr Francis H Liggett, for San
Francisco.
REDONDO— Arrived Dec 8— Stmr Santa
Harbarai froth San Pedro; stmr South Bay,
Worn Eureka. • -
UNITED STATES GUNBOAT PETREL, ONE OF THE FEW REPRESENTATIVES OF THE PACIFIC SQUADRON
NOW IN THESE WATERS. WHICH SAILED FROM THIS PORT YESTERDAY ON A CRUISE ALONG
THE NORTHERN COAST.
President Pippy last night asked the
members of the league to take into
consideration a proposition to lease
the Quarters now occupied by the Pa
cific Union Club. He said the lease
could be had for 51400 a month. The
plan which he commended was the
renting of the main floor of the club
and subletting the two stories above.
An entrance from Stockton street to
the upper stores might be provided
and thus the Leaguo^ould obtain ex
clusive use of the Post-street entrance.
It was admitted that the present in
come of the Union League would not
Justify the payment of 51400 a month
for rent. The fact was also cited
that large sums of money would be re
quired to furnish and maintain the
proposed new quarters. Colonel Pippy
said that the hope which he had once
entertained, that the Bohemian Club
would move, had now vanished. The
Pacific Union location was the only de-
Eirabie place in sight- He asked the
members to inspect the premises and
submit their views to the directors.
NEW QUARTERS DESIRED.
Colonel Pippy's supporters assert
that he is entitled to the honor of the
presidency of the league during a
national campaign year, as".a reward
for the unexampled energy displayed
by him during his first and second
terms. The prestige and prosperity of
the institution have increased in a
wonderful degree, ard many of the
members accord to the president much
of the credit for the advancement.
It was the sense of the meeting last
night expressed in the general discus
ticn of the topic, that Federal and
State office holders should not be ex
cluded. -The resolution of instruction,
however, was withdrawn at the re
quest of several members. In the
comment on the subject, the remark
v.as made by one of iho speakers that
a club member holding a commission
frnm the President of the United
States or the Governor of California
should not be denied any right or priv
ilege pertaining to membership in the
club.
At a general meeting: of, the Union
Leagrue Club last evening, W. " M.
Macdonald, Joseph Simbnson, D. T.
Cole, Joseph S. Spear, William Morris
and Frank W. Marston were elected
as a nominating, committee. The
members comprising this committee
will nominate the regular ticket for
officers for the vcar 1904. It Is com
mon gossip in club circles that the
league intends to honor Colonel George
H. Pippy -with the presidency for a
third term. It seems to be the general
opinion - tffat the present regime
throughout will be renominated.
There was some discussion last night
on a resolution to Instruct the nomi
nating committee that there should bo
no disqualification for holding office
in the* league otfier than that ex
pressed in the by-laws. When infor
mation v.as asked concerning the true
inwardness of the proposed instruction
the fact was disclosed that the nomi
nating committee one year ago held
that Duncan E. McKinlay, who was
the^j first vice president of the club,
ought not to be nominated for presi
dent because ho was the holder of a
Federal office.
RESOLUTION* WITHDRAWN".
Begnlar Nominating Committee
of Seven Is Elected at a Gen
eral Meeting of the Members
GOOD POINTS DISCUSSED
British Ship Which Arrived Here Last February Clears
for Sydney in Ballast, Being Unable to Secure a Char
ter—She Leaves Behind Her Large Fleet of Idle Sisters
Colonel George H. Pippy Is
Obviously Slated for a Third
Term as President of. Society
MAYFIELD TO SAIL WITHOUT CARGO
AFTER NINE MONTHS OF WAITING
UNION LEAGUE
CLUB TOPICS
THE SAN FKANCISGO- GALp WEDNESDAY^ DECEMBER 9, 1903.
FROM SEATTLE
••-'.Steamer. - ¦-.¦"¦ ' For 5§vS' (Sails.-
Bertha..'...."' Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Dec. 10
Dolphin.". . . : . Skagrway; & ) Way Ports. Dec • 14
>A1-K1. :T. ".'..': .SkffjrwRy &.Way Ports. J Dec 1«
Santa Ana..." CooksJInlet &>Wa"y?Pta. Dec.'lO.
'-.Valencia iT. ''."•' >S{piBway:& ,W ay: Ports. Dec. 14
A North Dakota farmer who went tt»
Minneapolis carried $100 under his hat
band. In a restaurant another patron
changed hats with him. but after two
days the loser found the other man and
swapped back and found his moaay un
disturbed. . . . ...
12
ADVERTISEMENTS. ; < -•
Salt Rheum, Ringworm, Itch, -
Acne or other skin troubles,
promptly relieved and cured by
This scientific germicide, which
is harmless, cures by killing
disease germs, used and
endorsed by the medical
profession everywhere. Sold
by leading druggists. If not
at yours, send 25 cents for a
¦ trial bottle. The genuine bears
my signature. Accept no
substitutes. Address
(J * /td e. rf 1 — j 61. 0 Priace Et
nEI rValnaW* Beotdrt os tha '
** Ur««ti»f MC of dlM>ases. ,Contlnued on Page Twelve.
Business on the Stock and Bond Exc.ha.ng9
was fiat, there ' being ¦ hardly anything doing.
The oil stocks were also quiet.
During the absence of W. K. Bourn, presi
dent of the San Francisco Gas and Electric
Company, la Europe A. II. Pavson, first vice
president of the corporation, will be In charc-
Four Oil Company - haa declared a regular
dividend of 1 cent and an extra dividend of 1
cent per share on the capital stock of U19 eons-
• At a recent meeting of the board of direct
ors C O. Hooker was elected second vice presi
dent. ,'.-"¦----.
STOCK MARKET.
Poultry and Game ruled weak, with supplies
too heavy fcr ' the market to absorb. Many
of the leading restaurants throughout the city
were -stiir closed awaiting a settlement of the
differences between employers ; and employes,'
and -this., together with the; fact that retailers
were ' already j well : supplied.- had; a depressing
effect ,on the- market. There was a sharp
braak in Hens and large young chickens and
a general decline ; In Game. . Three cars of
Western Poultry came in, making five for the
week and the receipts of Game wrre the heav
iest/ thus far this season. y?'^*'?' ' •
¦ ¦ POULTRY — Dressed. Turkeys.' 25ift27c per lb;
live Turkeys; 20®23c •' per Ib: Geese, ' per pair,"
$1 75@2: Goslings.' J2«2 28; Ducks, $3@A per
dozen for old and $6@7 for young; Hens, $4 50
05 . for * small 'and r $3®6 ¦-¦ for large: v- young
Roosters, $4 50Cf 5 60; old * Roosters, $4 60@5;
Fn-eri. It J5O&5; Brollera. Um Su tax Uim»
Poultry and Game;
Exchange:- and Bullion:
Silver declined. 2c. the sharpest decline for a
long time. -Ratee ; of- Exchange remained as
before. ' .'¦¦-. ' - ' .'. ¦•¦.-.. -,
•Sterling Exchange,, sixty days.... — #4 sou
8terllng Exchange, sight. — ' .4 84&
Sterling : Exchange, cables. ........ — 4 sfi>4
New York Exchange," sight — - ';05>.'.
New York Exchange, telegraphic. • — , * 07 >4
Silver, per. ounce ....;.. ....' — . 53%
Mexican Dollars \.~. '.. . .'. : . .' ... . . .' ~ ¦ • 44 .,
' Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Rates for spot.busi
ness range trom 11s 3d to 12s Gd.~wlth-the port
•till full oMdle, tonnage, though. the list ;|s
being. steadily, diminished. by. .vessels leaving In
ballast seeking: business elsewhere. ;¦ The char
tered .Wheat fleet in | port . has .a registered ton
nage of 22,000, against 38,000 tons on the same
date last-year; disengaged.' 94,000 tons/ against
57.CO0; ¦ on the 'way i to . this * port, ' 195,000 • tons,
arainst 105,500. '.:. ; : •;• ¦ -¦•';.:.
WHEAT— The foreign ., markets .¦¦¦- continued
quiet 'and not materially ¦ changed* -Broom- \
LOCAL MARKETS.
WASHINGTON,
PORTLAND^. Dec. S.— WHEAT— Walla.
Walla,' 78c; bluestem, "Sc; valley, "SfSOc.
TACOMA, Dec.'- 8.— WHEAT— Unchanged I
bluestem, 80c; club, 76c.
OREGON,
Ncrthcni . Wheat Market.
Trade Is of a holiday nature, being very
quiet ar.d featureless all along the line. Hop«
are firm, with just enough selling to redeem
the market from stagnation, and growers arc
making no concessions. Wool U motionless.
Hides show.' i>om«" Improvement In tone, both
here and In the East, and there Is some de
mand for 83qnd stock, as verv soon the greater
portion of the „ receipts »»U1 ,,be . poor and
grubby, • and buyers -want 'a secure supplies
rf sound lots while they *n. ' Prices, bow
ever, stand the same. -
HIDES AND HKINS— "\j11s and brands sell
about 1^0 undfr quo'Vlom. Heavy salted
Steers. 9c; medium. Sc:'lght. "&c: Cow Hl(>s,
"iic for heavy and. "%t for light; Btags. 5c;
Salted Kip. 0c; Salted Veal, 10c: Salted Calf,
lomffllc: dry. Hides." 15c; dry Kip. 13c;. dry
Calf. 18c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 25«riOc each:
short Wool." 4O8»€Oc each; Horae Hiden, «alU
$2 75 (or larg; and $292. 50 for medium. $1 25
<itl 75 ' for. small and 50c for ¦ Colts; Horse
Hides, ' dry. $1 75 for large and $1 60 for me
dium, #1®1«25 .for sroatr and COc for Colts.
Buck".. Skins— Dry \ Mexican. 32c:, dry
Mexican,. 25c: dry Central American, 32c. Goat
Skins — Prime Angoras. 75c; large and smooth,
50c; medium. 33c; small. 20c.
TALLOW — No-' 1 rendered. 4»4c <per lb:
.No. 2. 4c; grease, 2H&3c. i
' ' WOOL — Fall clip — San - Joaquln Lambs'. 09
lie: Middle County, ll®12c; - Northern Free.
\Jl«12c; Northern Defective. 10911c; Humboldt
. *»d Mandoclno. 12t He; Nevada, 13§15c; Ore-
Hides, Wool, Talloiv and Hops.
Chl'-ngo was weak, but 'reported a very fair
cash demand, ', with , receipts of Hogs only
moderate. . " . \> v ",
Tlie ony change In thla market was a decline
of ?l In "crime mc.'s Pork. The ship demand
for barreled goads Is fair. Hams, Bacon and
I^ord are in" free supply and dull, with . the
f.ellnK rather weak than otherwise.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. ll*4c per lb for
hfavy, 12c tor light medium. 14c for light.
]4Uc for extra llnht, 18c for. sugar-cured and
20c for extra sugar- cured; Eastern sugar
cured Hams. 14c: California Hams. 1.1V4G
Liftc*. Mpb« Ue»f. -511 .10 per bbl; extra Mesa.
iV'Ul" 50; Family. #13; prime M*ss Pork. #17;
extra clear. $24; Mess, $1»: Dry Salted Pork.
12c; Pig Pork. »2S; Pigs' Feet. $5 25; gmoked
Be'-f. 15c per lb.
LARI> — Tierces quoted at 7^c per lb for
compound and »<• for pure; half barrels, pure,
U\\c; 10-lb tins, »*>4c: 5-lb tins, OTic; 3-Jb tins.
COTTOLENE-^-One half barrel. SV»c: three
half barrels, S%c: one tierce, H%c; two tlerc*»,
Si^c; Hve 'tierce*. 8?«c per lb.
Provisions.
SEATTLE. Dec. ;_• 8.— Clearings, ¦ $CS7,207;
botanceiJ. if 113,479. - .
TACOMA. l>c. .8.— Clearings. ' $367,547;
balances. $35,573. . ¦ • .' '• ••'- •«•- ¦¦
PORTLAKD. - Dec S.— Clearings, $630,S07;
balances, $37,762,'
8P0KANE. Dec. 8.^-Clearings. $38(1,664;
balances. $44,404. . .
Northern Business.
St. Louis 'Wool Market.
ST r LOUIS, Dec. 8.— WOOL— Quiet. Medium
grades and .combing and clothing. 17®2I'.jc;
light lin«v 15©17Vic; heavy fine,. 12{pl4ftc; tub
washed. .SOftlMc.
BOSTON, Dee. S.-^Wlth the trading only
TnoJerately active, the wool market has. main
tained stt'ady prices the last week. Manufac
turers are purchasing to cover orders taken and
this la the extent of the dealings. The i ten
dency is tobuy slowly of wool until the heavy
weight season opens. There is a quiet move
ment in Territory wools at steady prices. For
pulled wools the market Is dull at unchanged
quotations. The market for foreign wools con
tinues quiet,-, with prices nominal. -. ¦ .
Territory quotations: - Idaho— Fine. 14©15c;
fme medium I«<9l7c:' medium,' ISttlOc. . Wyo
ming — Fine. 14®15c; flne medium. l(j®17c; me
dium. lS^iSlOe. Utah and Nevada— Fine. .14^
(glCV-c:. fine? medium, l«V4©J~c; medium, 1M$
20c. "Montana— .Klne choice, . ll)(g20c; fine- me
dium choice, l'.)@20c; average, I8$li)c; staple,
U'ig20c; medium choice, "-l»®.20c. ..
Boston Wool Itiarkct.
CHICAGO, Dec. 8.— CATTLF.— Receipts.
6000; steady; good to prime steers. $5 2O0«;
poor to medium, $3 50@4 70? stockers and feed
ers $2 IC«4'16: COWS. ?1 50(ff4 10; l.eiferB. $2*
4 75; eannerg. $1 S0(ft2 50; bull?, *2g4 35;
calves. $2 50««. ' „„ , wwv
HOGS— Receipts -Jo-day, 32,000; to-morfow,
3S0O(l- steady to 5c lower; mixed and botchers ,
S4'25«4 (SOi'good to choice heavy, *4 :t5^4'C<);
rough heavy, #4 20<P4 30; light, $* 15'&4 43;
bulk of sales, $4 4564 55
HHKEP — Receipts, 18,000; .sheep, strong;
lambs 10015c higher; good to choice wethers.
$4«4 i!5; fair to choice mixed. $.1 40©« 70:
AVestern sheep. $3SJ4 35j native lambs, $4®
r» 75; Western lambs, $4fc& 40. .
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
, : Business all along tin line Is of a hotlday
character. In other words. It Is very dull, aa
usual at tie cldwe of the year. Prices are un
changed, and there are no new restores to
report, stocks of overythlnft excaot Prunes and
Raisins are email, scattered and very much
broken. ¦ ¦ ' . . '
FRUIT — Apricots, 7«J°C for Royals and !>#
lie for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, 483tie;
sun-dried. Peachos. t'V.jd'ic; Penrs,
(WlOc; Nectarine?. AQ&Hc; Figs, white, 4®4%c
In boxes; black. 4Uc; Pluma. oitti-.l, iv&Uc per
pound.
PRUNES— IIKVI crop, 2>4®2-%c for the four
sizes.
"UAISINR— F. o. b. prices. Fresno, for 1903
crop: 5O-lb boxes — Loose Muscatel, 2-crown.
5Vie per Ib; 3-crown, 5-%c; 4-crown, «4c; Seed
less Muscatel*. 4«iO: do. floated. 4Vic; un
bleached Sultanas, 4%c; Thompson's Heedless,
5Vic. London layers— 2-crown, $1 2«V. 3-crown.
$1 35; 4-crown clusters. $2: 5-crown Dehesas,
$2 r>0;.6-crown Imperials. $3; Malaga 1x>o»b. 2
crown. Be per lb; do 3-crown. 5%c; Valencia
Cured, 4V 4 e; Paclflc, do. Siie; Oriental, do.
2%c. Seeded Raisins — lO-o* packages, fancy,
Sc per lb: choice, 7 T ic; 12-oz packases, fancy.
«%c; choice. 6%c; In bulk, fancy. 7%c; choice,
' 'ni;tS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell, lS^@14c;
No 2 11!*$ 12c: N'o. 1. hardshell. 138in*^c;
No 2* llftll's-c: Almond*, lie for Nonpareils.
10'4o for I X"U 10'ic for Ne Plus lUtra and
8*t!c for I^ncuedoc; Peanuts, «©7c tor- East
ern: Pecans. 11«13e: Cocoanuts. $4 CO©S: Cali
fornia Chestnuts. K510c P*r lb. and ll@12^c
°HOXEY^-Comb. HS13c for white and 0@10c
fop ambei- water white extracted. 6#3^c;
light arnber extracted. 4ti«5c; dark. SHW-Jc.
BKKSWAX— 27ff29c per lb. ¦¦¦¦¦ N
Dried Fntits,Nuts, Raisins, Honey
The Potato market was overstocked and
generally weak, as local, trading was of.- small
volume and confined chiefly to strictly fancy
offerings of Salinas Burbanks. Offerings of
Oregon Burbanks, ex-steamer, consisted
chiefly of low-grade, stack and the top quota
tion was shaded. Rivers continued to arrive
freely, but were firmly held, owing to ' the
high fcrlces at primary shipping points. No
fresh Sweets' came in and carrled-over stock
was steady, at the previously quoted rate.
Receipts -of Onions were Uflit. but the market
was liberally supplied and continued weak at
the recently . reduced quotations. ;
Many of the leading restaurants of the city
were still closed . owing to labor troubles, and
the demand from that quarter was still light,
hut an receipts from all sections were small,
there- was no great decline In values. The
top quotations . were easily obtained for the
best offerings of I'eas and Beans, but carried
over jtnd Inferior quality stock, which con
stituted the bulk of mipplies, continued weak
at. unsteady, rate*. ..Tomatoes were the weak
est as well' as the most .plentiful description,
and carried over stock from "errors the bay
was offering below the quoted rates.' Egg
Plant was easier, as the stock was overgrown
and "hard to dispose : of. Munhr.ionis were in
small supply and firmer.. ¦ .
• FOTATOKS — Kurbnnks from the river. ' (i()if
floe rxT ctl: Salinas fturbanks, $I©1 <5 i>er
ctl; OreJten ¦ Bnrbanlts. S5c?t#l 0T. per ctl: River
Reds,' <I>®tllc per ctl; Sweet Potatoes, $1 15
jKr .ctl. . ' . ¦ • -. \ ' - I " :
ONIONS— $16115 pVr ctl. 1
VEGETABLES— Gwn fea?, 2Sle per lb.
String Be\ns, 'WScprr lb; Wax.-3ift5c; Lima
Beans. ¦ — - wr lb: Tomatoes, 40<575c per box
for : bay " and' G<!<2p75c per Crate, for Ia>s , An
geles*: Siutimir "Saua.'h from Los Angeles, 50®
iHJc per box;, Cabbngs, , COc per , ctl ; ; Carrots.
75c per sacky Cucumbers, $l$i'l 25 per box for
bay and Goalie f or 'Lcs. Angeles;- Garlic, (i@7c
per lb; Estp Clant. €<5«c per lb;. Dried Peppers,
5® Sc per lb for > Stockton and 1 1 « 12 >ic for
southern; Dried Okra, l2Vio per lb; ¦ Green
Peppers, - #18fl 25 ¦ per -box; Mushrooms, 15(9?
20c 1 per " lb: . Marrowfat and ' Hubbard Srj-,ia.«h.
$10(512'per ton for round- lota and,*ifflc per
lb for. sacked. . -
Potatoes, Onions-and Vegetables.
•BEANS — liayos. $2 3002 40; Pets. $3; But
ters. #3 25; small AVhlte, $2 S.Vtf.1: large
White, $2 40»2 <:0; ¦ Pink. $2 «5<g2'75; Red.
$3 00;- Lima. W 15; Red Kldneye. ?4@t 25;
Hlackeye, ?2&2 15 per ctl; Horse Bean.', $l-5u
©2. -
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $"; Yellow Mus
tard, *2 «ai©2 85; Flax, $1 80fciV iM); Canary,
&«iu-Ac for Eastern; Alfalfa, H«*14c: Rape,
1%<5-2Hc: .Timothy. 6^6«4c: llemv. ¦ :i\i&'Mia
per lb: Millet, :iif.i\ic; Broom f^orn Seed. #2oft
XI per ton.
¦ DRIED PEAP-Gieen. $1 8O@2 per ctl.
Pinks are about the firmest .Bean In the list
at present, as there are not as many on hand
as thought. Llmas are. atlll In demand and
etrong,. with the views of growers down south
above those of buyers. Tho other kinds show
no particular -firmness, being generally quiet.
A number, of slight changes will be observed.
• There is nothing new In Seeds.
Beans and Seeds.
Hay is reported In very good shape for sell
ers, receipts being lleht and the demand
good. There is no further change in Feed-
HHAN— $10 G0®20 50* per ton.
MIDDLINGS— ?2« oOtfa* CO per , ton.
SHORTS— $10 M02OM) -per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolley v Barley. $24®?* per
tolr Oil Cake Meal at the mill, $27®2S 50:
lobbing, $29«f.'W>; Cocoanut Cake, 'S21&22; Corn
Meal, $2U<g.S0; Cracked Corn. »2» 00®30 60:
Mixetl Feed. -#22 00®23; Horee Beans, ?30®4U
P *HAY^- Wheat, $14<pin 50; Wheat and Oat,
$i:{ OOftlG CO; Oat, $1.1ffl6; Wild Oat. #11 50®
1.150; Ittirieft $liei:«; Stock, $l(VSrll; Alfalfa,
$10^12 CO per ton.
STRAW— 4(xge&c per bale.
Hay and Fcedstitifs.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK, Dec. 8. — The cotton market
opened" w ik at a decline of 11#1S points,
but closed steady,' net 2 points lower.
New York Cotton Market.
meSte-t No 2 .red.- 84Ti8t}% C ; No. 2
corn • 41c • No 1 yellow. 44 ViC : - ¦ NO
- oats 34«iC" •¦ No. « h »te.. 34^®373ic:'
No '• ¦ fye SO'>(S5lc; good feeding barley, 36
«37c r fair to choice malting. 4^«%c; No.
1 fla'soeed 00c ; No. ' 1 • Northwestern, • 01 fc c*.
prime tlmothv seed.. J2 85 : ; me?s pork." rer
bar#l $11 12%eil.2&:-lam.- P*'. 100..poundij. :
S«MiA«T0 40- short ribs . eidea (loose).' %<\®
« 25 clear sides (boxed). -WU»e6 V>\
whisky, basis of high wines. «1 2.; clover,
contract grade. $11. -' . .
._.•„,„ ,: Receipts. » Shipments. .
Articles— • . .-.-. . L ft jij^. .,• OA „--.
Wheat. DUineis* ..•••••• rtgoiho"-- - fa aru\
Corn, bushels, T^' 1 .^' ¦ iR? : in^r
..Oats, bushels ••¦• 4 iMo?» : *in*-rn
Rye. bushels •:'»' < ° o , " . -¦$£
-Barley, bushels „...;:, . ¦¦
On the Produce Exchange to-day^ the Butter
market was steady,: Creameries . - l6«Joc; DaU.
ri t , 14821c. Eggs, firm.-24^2Cc. . Cheefe.
steady. lOglOHCt.' -. ";!".;- . V , x f
Foreign Futures. '•'¦••
LIVERPOOL. j
Wheat- »ftj^- May.
Opening « Jg !fi
Closing 6 4 ?» ° 3
PARIS. -
-.,.»,._. Dec. Mar. -June.
Opening 20'" ;" *}
Closing J0 l0 20 8>>
• Flour— „ ->q no
i Opening r| • r,2 "!?
Closing .-••• ••• st> ,*°, -' 9j ,
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Dec- 8.— There wa3 an ad
vance In the London tin market, spot closlni
7s«d hiffber at £120 2s 0d. while futures
advanced 10s to £121 7s Cd. Locally tin was
firm at *20 S7%«28 Wtf.
Copper made a big gain In London as a re
sult. It was said of speculative, operations, and
closed at a net advance of £1 12s Cd. with spot
quoted at £511 1?9 Cd and futures at. £&8 5s.
Ix)calty copper was- steady and unchanred.
Lake at »12«12 37 %; electrolytic. S12 12%. and
Ca L^'ad wan'unchansed at "$4 25 locally and at
£11 Is 3d '.n. London. •'.;.' _
Spelter was nominally unchanged at $5 23
In New York and at £20 12s 6d In London.
Iron closed ftt 4Ss lOd In Glasgow nnd at
41 « Od In Mlddlesboro. Locally iron Is quiet.
No 1 foundry, northern. $15^*10: No.- 2 do.
$14015: No. 1 foundry, southern, and do soft,
$ 13 5«®14- " '¦
Wheat Crop of 1903.
Btmtftiy Friedlander of the Merchants" Ex
charge bas issued a provisional estimate of the
1»Q3 whtat crop. The figures, reduced to ton*,
are as follows:
Export*. six months 92.9<5»
Exports by rail, six months 7..VO
Consumption, feed. «eed 209,000
Total 310.083
Deduct—
lmiorts. Or. and Wash «9.»0.
lmroru by rail 15.000
W hand June 1. l»03 TO.OOo
— - — - l*.tf,U ( »ib
1M.0S7
Flus on hand December 1. 1903 1TH.788
Crop. 1903 4T5.K75
The Weather and Crops.
The weekly report of A. G. M«r.«ie. section
director of the climate and crcp service of th«
Weather Bureau, is as followt:
GENERAL, Sl'MMART.
Cool weatbtr prevailed throughout the State
mu»t or the wwk, with heavy fogs along the
coast and in the (Treat valleys a portion of the
time. Light frcsts were frequent in nearly all
section! 1 and severe frosts occurred in some
1'laees, but caused no material damage. A
minimum temperature of 2S degrees wae re
corded in Hanta Maria on :he Mh. High winds
In Southern California Injured orchards to
nrv.' extent, and drying winds in that and
some other sections absorbed much of the
moisture in the soil, rendering Irrigation im
perative. Light rain fell in San Diego and vi
cinity Sunday night.
In the northern and central sections the soil
is In excellent condltttn and farm work !s pro
gressing rapicly. In other se-tlon« the ra!n
:all has been generally too light for fanning
« prratiens and plowing and seeding are back
ward. Early sown wheat and oats are thrifty
and making good growth in the. central and
northern sections, and green feed Is becoming
plentiful, but In most of the southern districts
grass has made but little growth, and rain Is
n-ec!ed soon. Stock are. in fair condition and
steadily improving.
Orchards and vineyards are in good condi
tion snd pruning i? in prcgress in many places,
(•range* in the Porterville and Oroville districts
are yielding a gocd crop, excellent in quality,
and large shipment* are going forward. South,
era California oranges are ready for harvest
nnd shipments have commfneed; the crop is
reported large. It Is probable that oranges
were damaged by the severe winds in Southern
California. Other citrus fruits and olives ere
" doing v. "II.
Hacramento Valley— Cool. fos*y weather pre
vailed (Jurir.g the week. Frosts orcurred fre
quently, but caused no damage. The soil is in
Rood ccndWior. and rapid progress is being
made in plowing nnd seeding. Early town
wheat and oats ar« making good growth and
sppear strong and thrifty. Urass is growing
rapidly and green feed is becoming plentiful.
Fiock are in fair condition and steadily im
proving. Orchards ana vineyards are lorfttnc
well, end pruning !• in progress In sorni* places.
Change picJclrg •"<* shipping continue; the
yield and quality Br* reported very good. Re
ports from the mountain districts indicate that
the enowfall this season has been comparative
ly ligbt.
Coast and Bay Section*. — The weather dur
ing the week was generally clear and ccol. but
with heavy fegs in some sections. Light to
l;#avy frcsts occurred frequently and tempera
tures *• low as .'12 degrees were reported in
fKc:» place*, but no damage was done. Strong
northerly winda toward the close of the week
dried the soil to tome extent. The ground in
generally in good condition and farm work Is
progressing rapidly !n all sections. Early
Mtrn gra.!n !a looking well and making good
growth. Gra*s is growing rapidly in ras«
places, but it somewhat backward in portions
of tbe Fcuthern districts where the rainfall has
been light. Cattle are in good condition. Ship
ment* of celery, tomato**. j>eppers and late
raspberries are being ma3e from Santa Clara
Ocunty. Tree acd vine pruning are progress
is*.
Ran Jo*quin Valley. — The weather during the
pa,st week wae ccM and foggy. Severe frcfta
occurred on several dates, but caused no in-
Jury. The southern portion cf the valley needs
raia fc*<J!y ami farmtr.g operations in that sec
tion ere practically at a standstill, owing to
tb* eoil being too drv to plow. In th* northern
I portion the late rains put the ground in excel-
I lent condition, nnd plowing and seeding are
progressing rapid];-. 1'raninp orchards nnd
vineyard* is jtrogrenslnx. Feed i« berominK
•scarce in the routhern section, nnd stock are
thin, but nea!thy: in the northern end of the
valley cr«fn feed hos made good growth. PicM
irg and shipping oranges continue; the crop U
good end of excellent quality.
Southern California.— Clear weather prevailed
most of the week, with cool nights and heavy
frosts' in come places. At Santa Maria the
temperature fell to i!S degree* on the Tith. Rain
fell in Kan Diego ond vicinity Sunday night.
;iph northerly wladu dried th«- soil and caused
frtoft damage to orc2>erd* and other property.
Fire* in the mountains destroyed a large
smount of valuable timber. Oranges are ren-Jy
for sMpffieat in ncvrral places, and harvest is
proKreeeias: in Orango and San Iiernardlno
. i.::;t:'.-; th« cro;> has been injured Co
>-...i cxt*:tt by the severe «rtnd«. but no posi
tive Jnforaiatii- - n has be<?n i-aceived. The soil
in very dry and rain Is bndlr needed. • Uut llt-
U» plov.1ng has been done and fpe-J Is scarce
on the raajjes. The Jale potato crop !s light.
Ix;* Atwcles Summary. — A cccl week wiih oc
caj;!on?l froft, quite heavy. tit place*; tomatoes
f.n<l other tender v«»peiiition nipped. A heavy
¦ Ind ntnrm beginning | Thursday nljht cer.tin
u« d Frklay: tome risuiegc to oranges, but ex
tent not ytrt repotted.
¦:.:ti ;.a Sunvtnary.— 'W'esther favorable nnd
Kf.1 In good t-ontiitlon. ilan> farmers plowing,
and t-owing fall gmin. Grai»i» i* growing rap
i<!ly. Rome potatoes remain' in the ground.
I-arge uhlprctaU of appU-s.
Weather Report. >
(I2G:n lleridian— Pariflc Tim<».) •
PA.N FRANCISCO. Z>er. S. 5 p. m.
The f< l'os\i~s are the tscasonal ralnrai;.- to
f.K'.'- «s compared with those of *ame Oafe last
reason ccd rainfall in la<^t twenty-four bours:
Ijast Thl* La«
St«ticr.»— *2* hours. Session. SeaFon.
.Kurtka ,.. i>.Cn 34. .".4 JG.I7
IVrd Rluff O.fV) 8.73 11.40
'Vacramento O.Ort . 'U.Z2 4.02
f-an Franc[?c« o.OV 4.*i .T.90
Trt>THO . ...... O.Oi) O.C» ~'2.«7'
Ir.aependence ......... O.frt ' «.42 - o.T»
Fan Luis Ob?rp»...... ft.rw* O.U ¦ .1,»*2
IiO8 Angeles. ;. O.fift />.« 2.47
£aa Dicco O.OO O.tO , 2.51
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 6»*«
7e per lb; White Lead, t»H©"c, according to
quantity.
QUICKSILVER— $4.1 50(045 for local use and
$42 50U4.1 CO per flask for export.
SALT — The Amalgamated Salt. Company
quotes an follows: Genuine Liverpool, $13 .VK*
16: Balas-, common. $1 t&: Dairy, per too.
$12 60- Half Groun.l. $9 7.".'uli) 25: Rnck Salt.
$S CO<tiO 75; imitation Liverpool. $12 50#13 25;
Granulated. $12 50^1.1 25 per ton.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follow*, p-r Ib. In ICO-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.65c:
powdered, $.5Oc; Candy Granulated. 5. .We: Dry
Granulated. One, 5 4<V; Dry Granulated, coarte.
S.40c; Fruit Granulated. 5. 40c; Beet Granu
lated (tOO-lb bags only), 0.20c; Confectioners'
A 5.40c; Magnolia A. Be; Extra C. 4.00c;
Golden C. 4.SOc; "D." 4.70c; barrels, 10c mor«:
half barrels. 25c more: boxeir. 50c more; 5O-lb
bags, 10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Hair
barrels. 5.8Oc: boxes. rt.l.V: II. It K. Crystal
Dominos. 8.4Oc p<r lb. No orders taken for
less than seventy-five barrels or its equivalent.
LUMBER— Pine, ordinary sixes, lls-i/if); ex
tra size* higher: Redwood. fl!)@23: Lath. 4
feet, $3 00C4; Pickets. $tO'>»2fi; Shingles. |2 for
No. 1 and $1 '.0 for No. 2; Shaken. $13 for split
and $14 for sawn; Rustic. J2.Vtf.1l.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR TUESDAY. DECEMBER S.
Flour, qr sks .. 12.695 Scre<pnlng». sksl \*t
Wheat ctLs ... 10.S.13 Broomcorn bdlw 29.1
Barley, ctls 7.440 Alfalfa seed, ska 247
Oats ctla 1.170 Tallow, ctla ... 215
Corn! Ctls ..... 250 Pelts. No. fi«2
Beans 8ks .... 8.tM| Hides,, No 1.07(t
Rye ctla '- £50. Lime, bbls . ... «.*._•
Potatoes ska . . 4.43O Ralsina. bxs . . . l,7.V>
Onions, sks ... 45 Quicksilver, fiks ?*
Bran, ska ..... 3.1o Leather, rolls -.. 14ft
Middling*. sk».. ICO Wine, rafh .... 47,»K>
Hay. , tons 224 Chicory, bbl/ , . 15
Htraw tons ... 23 Paper reams .. r»
Wool, balean... «H l -
i*> 'OREGON.
Flour, qr sks..". 820
" ' WASHINGTON.
Flour qr ska .. 1 1.47» [fit-ans ska .... ' 1
Wheat. etl» ... ».27O Woof bales .;.. SS
Oat*, ctls 722]
BAGS — Grain Bags. r>ft5' :,c: San Quentin.
5.55c: Wool Bags, 32®33c: Fleece Twine. »H@
8c; Cotton Fruit Bags, 6'ic t5-%c and 7^ic for
the three grades; Brown, Jute, C l T / 87ViC. •
CANNED FRUITS— The California Fruit
Canners' Association quotes the following price
list, for 1908 stock: v
*2 ' H » ?
55 |9 -| |
FRU1T3. S g- 2. *
at • • ; . .
, Apples ft W $1 3O'$l 20 $1 10
Apricots 1 33 I 23!
Blackberries 1 HO 1 40 1 :»>¦' 1 2»
Cherries, R. A 2 15 I 00 1 70! 1 4O
Cherries, white 1 75 1 60 1 35
Cherries, black 2 0»» 1 75 1 r.«i 1 :;.-.
Grapes 1 :;."¦ 1 20 I 1" I ' '»
Yellow Free Peaches i 1 40 ........
Lemon Cling Peaches...! 1 80| 1 Wl 1 30 1 21)
Pears I 2 00 1 75!
Plums 1 35 1 15, 1 05i '. »5
Raspberries 2 RO 2 25i 2 1«| 1 DO
Strawberries 2 00 1 75| 1 C0 r 1 40
CANNED VEGETABLES— Tomatoes. 2^-lb
standard. f»2«ifiS5c:* Green Peas — Baby petit*
pois. fl 50; petlts pol'. *' >*! extra sift.-. I.
*1 15; standard sifte.l, *1: standards. 85c;
marrowfats. S2'ic: gallon, sifted, $1 25; gal
lon, standard. $3 75.
COAL. — Wellington. $5 per ton; New Wel
lington. $8: Seattle. »<5 50; Bryant, %6 5O: Bea
ver Hill. 55 50; Standard. J7; Roslyn, $7;
Coos Bay. f3 5«>: Greta. $7; Wallsend, *T: Rich
mond. $7 90; Cumberland. 91<1 In bulk ami
$14 25 in sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
$14; Welsh Anthractte Egg. $13; Welsh Lump.
*11 50; Caonel. $8 50 per ton; Coke. $11 5t:w
13 per ton in bulk and $15 tn sacks: Rocky
Mountain descriptions. $11 45 per 20CO Its anj
$12 SO per long ton. according to brand.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles, per Ib. 34c:
cases, regular, 4c; cases, extra large. 4'tC.
Eastern style. 6'4<-: boneless. 4«-ic: "Norway."
4Vi«: "Narrow Gauge." 5c; "Silver King."
«%«; blocks. "Oriental." 5c; blocks. "Sea
bright." JHic: tablets. 6c; mlddlrs. « l ilj7'ic;
fancy boneless. »^St!,c; ' pickled Cod, bbK
$7 50: pickled Cod. half bbls. $4 50.
CORDAGE— The local company quotes as
follows. CO days or »i per cent discount for
cash, no sales under 10.C00 lbs; Manila, 14V;c;
! Sisal lie; Duplex, luc; Bale Rope. lC'tiMo
I>er Ib.
COFFEE— Costa Rica. 13©15Hc for strictly
prime to fancy washed: 12©i:>c for prime
washed: 11C11*»C for good" washed: l!>Vi€l2»i<?
for good to prime washed p*aberry: 9#10! a c
for good to prime peaberry: 9>4©llc for good to
prime; 8<g9c for fair; 3©7Vic for common to
ordinary.
Salvador — llVs©13c nominal for strictly
prime washed; »Vi«fllHc for good to prime
washed; S'.JiQO'ic for fair washed: »*i«llc for
fair to prim* washed p«aberry; S'HftO'ic for
good to prime semi- washed: 5»Vi©*¥jc for su
perior unwashed; 7%03e for good gre«n un
washed: 8®9c for gcod to superior unwashed
peaberry: 5^7c for Inferior to ordinary.
Nicaragua — I'Jt'-l'Ul^'ie nominal for prime to
fancy washed; «%el0-%c nominal for fair to
•trictly good washed: 7*i<SS'ic for good to su
perior unwashed-: 84®S\c for good to prime
unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican— 14'4©13 1 .icOiomlnal
for fancy washed: 12f;ei3%c for prime to
strictly prim* washed: io-^efl^c for strictly
good washed: lOtflOSc for good washed: 8Vjf»
»'ir fcr fair washed: 7©S%c for medium;'
5»4®;6-%c for Inferior to ordinary: OtiUlI^c
for fair to prime washed peaberry: 9ViQf> l t.c
for good to prime unwashed peaberry: K39c
nominal for good to superior unwashed; 6®3!ic
for ash-damaged.
LEATHER — Sole, heavy. 20@32c: extra,
heavy. 30e40c per lb; medium. 27@23c: light.
24fi2fco: kough leather. 2ti@ZSc; HarnAsa
Leather, heavy. 33iS.1l>c for No. 1 and .10.3.!5c
for No. 2: medium. 30037c:' light. 29«.15c;
Skirting. No. 1. 40©42c: No. 2. 3C@38c; Cellar
Leather. 15#lCc per foot: Trace Leather. 4tvi»
44c; Kip. unfinished. 40«5Cc per lb; V«al. fin
ished. 50Q60c per 1b; Calf, finished, Cx-3$l per
Ib: Wax sides. 104»17c per foot; Belt Knife
Splits H&lOc; Rough Splits. 8«10o per lb.
TANBARK— Ground. $20<tt2S per ton; stick.
$15®1S per coril.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil in bulk-.
15«4e; Tearl Oil in cases. 22c: Astral. 22c;
Star. 22c: Extra Star. 2«c: Elaine. 2}4c; Eocene.
25c; deodorized Stove Gasoline. In butk. 17c;
In cases. 23 V; Benilne. In bulk. 13c; in cases,
19%c; 86-degree Gasoline. In bulk, 21c; In
cases. 27 %<?•
TXTRPENT1NE— 80c per gallon In cases and
74c In drums and Iron barrels.
APPLKS — Fancy Bpltzenbergs, |1 73©2 per
box; other varieties, Xltfl flu lor fancy. 7."V3i»Oc
for chcice and 254i50c for common; Christmas
Apples, |1 foxtrt 50.
PEARS— Winter . Nellis. from cold storage.
H ft0tTi2 per box.
QUINCES— &0«&COc per box.
PERSIMMONS— 0CcS?l per box. .V--
GRAPES — ll>g<;0c »or small boxes and «©
S5c fnr crates; large boxes. $1Q1 00.
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges. $1 7&»
2 "<> per box; Seedlings. $1<£1 25: Tangerines,
fiftl 25 for half boxes and 75ctf$l tor quarter
boxes; Japanese Mandarins, fl 2*ytfl 75 pel
box: Lemons, *1©2 per box:- Grape Fruit,
$1 tmi- 56; Mexican Limes. $i64 50; Bananas.
$1 25ii2 25 per bunch for Hawaiian and $2#3
for Central American; Pineapples. $2g3 50 per
dozen. . . ,
Prices of Citrus fruits had no quotable
change and supplies continued far in excess
of the demand. Bananas were l'imtiful, but
contln'-ed to meet with a, good ilemand at
steady prices.
STRAWBERRIES— Longworths. $C$10 per
chest; large berries, $.1@5 per chest.
RASPBKRRIES— 15«10 per chest.
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod, $Ufcll 60- Jer
seys, 110:910 75 per bbl.
The fact that many of the leading restau
rants of the city were still closed nerdlng the
settlement of the differences with the union
labor organizations l(ad & discouraging in
fluence upon the market for fruits ,ind trading
on local account was light. There was a fair
inquiry for good Appl>s and oranges for ship
ment to Honolulu, but supplies were more than
suftielent for requirements. Price* of fancy
SplUenberg Apples were well sustained under
light supplies, but dealers reported an easier
feeling in ail other varieties. Aside from
Splt2ehbergs the ruling prices for fancy Ap
ples was ?1 25 "per box. the top quotation of
*1 -50 ¦ being obtained only for sm.il! lots of
strictly fancy Newtown Pippins, j Pears.
Quinces and Persimmons were in fair request
at unchanged rates, choice offerings of Ber
ries sold readily at good figures, walle unat
tractive lota were hard to dispose of. Grapes
were steady, the supply and demand about
balancing.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
General Merchandise.
THE COAST RECORD.
B £ 2 O ® *3
5 •?a : af ill I
STATIONS. | || -Is P Ir I
i 5 5 ! ¦ : ?
i ** ** • i '
Baker .10.50 40 24 SW Clear
Carson 30.42 40 12 8 Clear .00
Eureka .10.24 54 40 W Clear .00
Farallon 30.18 59 52 NW Clear .00
Fresno 30. IS 62 32 E Clear .00
Flagstaff .10.28 40 10 E Clear .00
Poeatrllo 30.52 40 16 SE Clear .00
Point Reyes. ..30.14 fiO 48 NW Clear .00
Independence 30.22 58 30 NW Clear .00
Los Angeles.. 3f». 12 74 46 W Clear . .00
Mt Tama!pal6.30. 20 54 43 N Clear .00
Phoenix 30.10 C8 44 W Clear .00
Portland .10.32 46 36 NE Clear .00
Red Bluff 30.18 70 40 SE Clear .00
Roseburg .10.30 .10 34 SW Foggy .00
Sa.ranvnto ...1O.2O «K) 42 S Clear .W>
Salt Lake 30.46 3S 20 NW Clear .00
San Frnncisco.:t0.22 «O 44 NW Clear .00
S. L. Obi?po...10.1S 70 36 N Clear .00
San DIoRo .10.12 70 50 NW Clear .00
Seattle :!0..1S 42 .10 N - Cloudy .00
Spokane 30. CO 2S 20 NE Cloudy .00
Tatoo«h :i0.20 4S 4» NE CJcar .00
Walla Walla. .30. C2 SO 26 \V Cloudy .00
Wlnn^mucca ..10.40 4« S NE Clear .00
Yuma ..10. 10 72 50 N Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure continues high over the western
half of th» country. There has been a slight
fall over Wa*hineto.n r.nd Vancouver Island.
Th* temperature has remained nearly station
ary and throughout California Is about normal.
No rain has fallen west of the Rocky Mouiv
tal:is. V
Heavy frosts rre likely to occur Wednesday
mcrninar generally throughout California back
from the coast.
ForrcaFt made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. December 9:
Northern California — Fair WedqeFday. with
h«>avy frcsts in the morning; light" northeast
winds. • •
Southern California — Fair Wednesday; light
to heavy frosts in th» morning back from the
cos*t: llcrrit northeast winds.
Nevada — Fair Wednesday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Wednes
day: light northerly winds, changing to west
erly. A. G. McADIE. District Forecaster.
BEEF— Prime Roast. 15&lSc: Porterhouse
Etcak. lS??22V»o; Tenderloin Steak. 15®18c: Sir
loin Steak. 12H©15c; Top Round Steak. 12V£c;
Beef Stew, 10c; Corn Beef. S^lOc; Soup Bones,
4c: Soup Meat, 5@lCc.
VEAL, — Loin Roast, 15620c; Shoulder Roast,
12>i@lSc; Chops and Cutlet*. 15$ J 2Oc; Stew,
12 1*. Cf 15c.
MUTTON— Leg, 12»4®15c: Forequarter, 8@
10c; Stew. 8Q10c; Prime Chops. 12V£@18c.
LAMB— Leg. 20c; Korequarter. 12V4©15c;
Hintfquarter, 18920c; Shoulder Roast, 10$12Vsc;
Cbors. 15«71Rc.
PORK— Roast, 12V4@lSc; Chops, 15SlSc.
These rr'c*s do not cover the cheaper grades,
as it is impossible to auote regular prices on
them.
The following retail prices for meats ar«
quoted by the Retail Dutchcrs' Protective As
sociation:
Retail Meat Prices.
The extreme dullness in Butter continues
and dea!«rs all along the" line are complaln-
Ins of the J condition of trade. The demand
seems to have fallen off altogeth°r. The ten
dency In prices is toward a lower ranje. Stocks
are still large and unevenly distributed among
dealers. The pressure to sell Is becoming pro
nounced and- postal cards -wer- sent out yes
terday offering the beet creameries at 27c.
The Cheese market continues flat. Nobody
wants to buv and stocks are as large and un
wieldy as ever. Prices, however, remain the
same. ', . - . . •
The ffellne hi Eggs was not' aa" flrm yes
terday./There we're more ranch Eggs on the
market/ and while they sotU off briskly the
mere -fact of .the. slight Increase In the supply
was sufficient to make buyers cautious and
sellers Incltned to let go. as It tended to In
dicate the beginning of the increased produc
tion which usually sets In at thU time of
the - year.- •• : -- t _ • >• ' .
Receipts were 25,000 lbs : But:er, C68 cases
Eggs and 4700 lbn Cheese, .
ByTTER— Creamer>*. 2762SC a ti.l occasion
ally 20o for extras, and 25e2flc ffcr seconds;
dairy. 18«24c; store Butter. 17>4c; cold stor
age. 24ft26c; Eastern. 23|«5c per ib.
CHEESE— 12@12Hc for the general market.
13c for Select mild ." new and lK'tUie for
lower grades; Young Americas. ' lJ^Mc; East
ern, 15V4@KiVie; Western, HQir.c per Ib.
EGGS — Ranch, 5O«32c for choice and 45<^
4Sc for small and mixed colors; stor*. nom
inal; cold storage, 28§32»4c; Eastern. 26^2Sj
for cold storare. . . ••»•¦
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Articles- Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 — 6m- cit"' 1 vjl-
Tlpi-Mnhfr '. S2Vi , S2% Slv*- ¦ »2^ .
juiy ::::::".:::. 7^% ?«% 77y 4 77% ;!
D%£&S%}:: 41% 41% 40% 40%
Mtv ..* 42% 42-A 4JU 4J%
jJly ::::::::::. -42% ;>«%¦ 4214. *^
Oats No. 2 — • ' „.,» ,,<,
•1... 3KU 3(5Vi "»•,*, "6 •
5uiy ::::::::::: ™w • i»%j a%? ??«}
the. market and the bearish sentiment pre
vailed M«' f closed at 42%c.
Oat, traders were BUld-d entirely by the-ac
tion of th" leading grains and as a result the
market ruled easier. May dosed at Me .
Provisions were neglected, but In the ab
sence of offerincs the market about held Its
own , May pork dosed I'iJpOc lewer. lard
was oft' 2>,ic and ribs wenv down Cc.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
and |3 5C@4 for small: Pigeon*. $1^1 25 per
dozen, for old and $2@2 25 for .Squabs.
GAME— Mallard Ducks, $;s®4 r*i doxen;
Canvasback $:iGi 50; Sprig, ?2 50ft^: Teal,
*!-75<g2; Widgeon, *1 7W*: smjfll Ducks.
*l SO; Gray Geese. $3; White Geese, $l«l 5O;
Brant. $1 25 for small and $2 for large;
Honkers. |5 for large and *« for small; Eng
lish Snipe, |.1; common Snipe. $1 75; Wild
Does, $1 25; Rabbits. $2 for Cottcntalls and
$1 50 for Brush; Hare. *l 25@1 60.
-The millrrs report a' fair movement In Flour
and MilUtuffs at unchanged quotation*.
¦ FLOUR— California family Extras, $4 WS
4 15, usual terms: Bakers' Extras, |4 5O34W;
Orfgon-and WashlnKton. tn U0Q4. 20 oer bbl
for Family and $3 1M«|:4 40 for Bakets'.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices . In packages are as
fellows: Graham Flour, i $3 25 per 100 lbs.
Rye Flour, *3 26r Rye J^eal, |3; Rice Flour
$7; Corn Meal, $3 25; extra cream do, ?4; uai
Groats. It SO; Hominy, ?4fl4 25; Buckwheat
Flour. *4 50<84 7r>; Crack«d Whea't. ?3 75; Pa
rina, *4 CO; Whole Wheat Flour, *3 fiO: Rolled
Oats, bbls. $7 23®8 eo; In sacks, ?0 75S8 10;
Pearl Uariey. f0; SdIU Peas, boxes, ?7; Green
Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs. . .
Chicago lest *£c. The Northwest were good
buyers and the pit crowd was. also buying.
Minneapolis wired a good cash demand, with
elevators "shipping 75 per cent more than they
are receiving. Armour is the leading factor in
tho market at present. He was buying lib
erally-in-Minneapolis and New York, and his
representative,' Valfntlne. bought 3,000,000
bushels "openly" en the IJoard of Trade.
This market was unchanred. Futures were
rather weaker, . but the cash grain was firm,
with a fn!r demand from millers and feeders.
Statements of; stocks on hand and the crop of,
1MJ3, appear, elspwhere on this page. » ;
T -';> ..' '-z:'. CASH WHEAT. . . "• '
Calirornla Club, $1 4u<gl 42Vi; California
White Australian. SIMiifil 52»i; Northern Club.
51 40B1 41 >i :X orthPrn Bluestem; \l Sti^l 51 Vi;
Orcgop Valh-y\$l- 40. - •: ,-.'j
-. . FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May .:$l"37%_fl 37% ?l 37% U 3'«»fr
"^IJecember^ fl;30 asked. • .. ? i ».^'.*/
'T: /'--...' 2p.' Jn. 'session. ..- . '\ \i .;
May'.... .. .'. .$1 3fi4,. v ' : ¦' *
. '.BARLEY^-Most fttf: the. sales of Feed. are at
SI ¦ 12»4. -nnd' anything oVef -this price is excep-.
'tionally •' choice.. An- .occ3Monat- lot bring*
|1 13%. ; The market, is quiet and featureless^
.with moderate offerinis.- •. . . •
• ' '. - ' CASH BARLEY. •"
i Feed, ' $1 10@l"l.f%: Shipping ' and Brew
ing, $1 1501 20; Chevalier, fl 2C#1 45 for fair
to choice, j
FUTURES.
'Session O to 11:30 a. ro.
S* Open. High. Low. Close.
May fl 0S% *1 CN}« \\ 0S% H 0S%
December, ?1 13 bid. «1 14 asked.
• ',••-.— ..' 2 \p. m.- session. '-^
May . ...... *1 «S%.
. OAT8— Dealers continue to report a satisfac
tory-'market, with a fair demand, a firm feel
flnsf "and-, moderate stocks.' A small . line _ ot
Oregon gray is offering at the quotation be
"VVhlte, 5li25!§» 3r>; Black, $1 40^1 00; Red,
11 20?{l 25 fcr Jpcd and |1 25§1 3a for seed;
dray. $1 32V4. O '
'CORN— As.de from' the changes in Western
altcady noted there, havfe b«en no noteworthy
variations for some days. Offerings are not
large, but the demand is flow and the feehng
is generally weak. '¦
Western sackM, ?1 25 for Yellow. $1 25 for
White and $1 20® 1 22% for Mixed; California
large Yellow, $1 22%»jl 80; small round do,
*1 40<51 00; White, $1 2. r >@l .10 per ct'.
•RYK— The market Is very slow at ?1 -o*&i
per ctl. ¦
BUCKWHEAT— $2 25(g2 50 per ctl.
Flour and Milljtuffs.
hall cabled from Liverpool that crop conditions
In the United Kingdom, France, Germany,
Italy and Hungary were' generally unchanged
from a week aso. In Russia the winter wheat
is poor, In the southwest, but satisfactory else
where. India and Austria report/the crop In
fair condition. Thore is some rain in the Ar
rentlne. . .
Dressed Hogs are lower, but live are firm.
Receipts of the latter are U*at. but few Do
ing killed, as they are too high for packer*
to cut ux>." Lower quotations might result tn
more pack Ins. provided the Western markets
did not decline as well.
Beef, Mutton and Veal ar? about the same,
but Beef Is showing 'rather more firmness and
Mutton Fome ea?lnex.». Supplies of all ar»
arrp r. DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughter?™ to deal
ers are as fellows: - " ¦-•¦-
BEEF — «ij©7*ic for Steers and 51jfic P<?r
Ib for Cows.
VEAL— Large. SigOc; small. 9$0'ic per Ib.
MUTTON'— Wethera, 8«H!iC; E*»s, S'gS'.iO
per\lb.
LAMIl— !>'i®10c per Ib.
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 7i0S'ic p«r Ib.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. M?J!c: Cows and Heifers,
1<&Hc: thin Cows. 4115c- per Ib.
CALVES — H?4 ><,e per Ib (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3*i»4c; Ewts, 3^«3ljc
per Ib (gross weight). ¦... •¦>
LAMliS — 4^0Sc per Ib.
HOGS — Live Hogs. 140 to 180 lbs. 5'ic: over
ISO Ib3. 6c: Sows. 20 per eelit off; Boars. 5l»
per cent off, and Stags 40 per cent off / from
above quotations.
gon fine. l.*919c: Oregon medium, 17c per It>.
MOPS— HXj?22c per Ib for California.
Meat Market
Xcw York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Dee. S. — The- bull movement In '
ctocks continued !n force during the eerly
Btagrs of to-day's stock market;' but the pre
cipitate course of the advance overran the mar
ket and a reaction followed, which carried
the average level of prices below last night.
The closing was easy and without recovery-
There was no news of the day whose Influence
could be perceived in the mcrket. The mo
mentum of the previous advance and the ac
cretion natural to any speculative movement
after a given amount of progress seemed the
principal elements of the strength. During the
bulge of the morning there was more appear
ance of animation and variety In the dealings
than at any" time heretofore. Stocks of all
rlaspes were transferred in enormous blocks
and at rapidly rising prices. "Tills great ac
tivity caused skepticism about the market and
induced professional traders, watchful for signs
of a turn, to put out short lines. When the
market paused after th» first rearMon and
then started upward again the ilemand from
the?» uncovered shorts helprd the new ad
vanc*. From the outset enormous sal** to
realize were manifest In Brooklyn Rapid Tran-'
sit, which was a conspicuous figure, In last
week's advance. Amalgamated 'Cappe'r fared
better, adding a point to yesterday's five-point
rise before It v. - as seriously affect^l by realiz
ing. The sympathetic effect in copper stocks
generally in home ar.d foreign securities mar
kets and a violent advance in raw copper in
LxSndon helped this stock. It dropped back
subsequently' 2% and closed at. a net loss of
114. with decided effect upon speculative senti
ment generally. The failure of UnlUd States
Ftcel preferred to hold Us 1 >i-point advance
v.-as another strong influence in the reaction.
Reports of difficulties made by employes over
proposed reductions In wages and rumors of
the closing of important mills jIfo affected
this stock. It became known this morning
that gold was taken in London yesterday for
account of Chicago and New Orleans to the
extent or three-quarter* . of a million dollars
an<l additional enKaxements were made to
day for $C<*>. «°0. The renewal rates for call
loans were generally marked down (his morn
ing. Sonn> unwary borrowers were apparently
In hope that still lower rate* wy.ild prevail.
I^ite in the day. when they attempted to sup
ply their n^ds and when the »c{Ive specula
tion had already made large inroads upon the
available money supply, the rate for call loans
•was bid up to 7 per cent with th* urcent de
mands of these belated borrowers. This Hurry
in call mon»y doubtless was a pi.t.-ntial In
fluence on the reaction In stocks. The optl
mUtic view of the burin*** and finances of
the country taken by the Secretary of the
Treasury was a cheering Influence. .The im
mediate future of the market is largely de
pendent upon the f-baracter and the iesources
of those who bought, stocks to-day in the
tremendous outpouring to take profits on tha
pi-eviovs rise.
Business In bonds was principally !n specu
lative Issues. In which the price movement
was irregular. Total sales, M.M,V<M.
United States bonds were unchanged on the
lart call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
f-took* — Sales. Hltrii. Low Close.
Atrhizon 75.S0O <;»% CSTJ C8«4
Atchison pfd 2..1O0 - 9.1 !»2>-i 02>,i
Balto & Ohio 29.100 SO*, 79»i 79^
Balto & Ohio Pfd.. 500 RS 88 S'V t
Canadian Pacific .. 8.000 120'4 118% 11S%
Centiallof N J .... 150'
Ches A- Ohio «,000 Xf.!> 32% .12*4
Chicago &• Alton .. 2.2U0 3ft «4 .'U'i 34%
Chi * Alton pfd.. 200 71 U 71 71
Chicago * <J \\\... n.000 10% 1« 16 ¦ ',
Chi £• G W U r>fd.. l.::OO 2At/ t 2« 28%
Chicago * N W 1.300 10» 1€8 K«'
<"hi Tf-rm & 'Trans su
Chi T«-rr.i ft T pfd.' . 400 18% 1SU 17%
C. C,C & 6t .Louis .... .... 7|
Colo Southern 3,700 1.1% H% J4>4
colo ?o 1st pf.i ... --ma R514 r.5 ! 55
Colo Bo 24 »pfd .. 1.400 23H 2.1 23»i
I)«-I Sr. Hudson ..'. ¦ 2.&00 1K»% 154% 15»'
J)cl Lark &I\\>f(. »0O 241»4 242>i 241
?>enver * Tt Ci..:'l. SOO 2-t ' 21% 21%
I>nv<T & R O pfd. 500 7014 70*4 70
Prio 59.200 2flV< 2S»i 28%
Krle J»t pM <!.«00 f.S'i ! fi7»^ 07%
Erie 2<1 pfd ...'... 3,100 D0>i 40% 4O«4
Crrat Nor Df J ....*..... 100
Hocklrg Valley ..100 74'i 74',4 74«4
Hocking Valley pfj . ..;-. • .... .... s"%
Illinois Control .-..- S.4OO ]31*i 1TAV, 1-10%'
Iowa Central' . ,' 200 22% 22>4 21 Vi
Iowa Central p'J-. ..... .-...'.» S9 "*
Kansas City So ¦ Sf*O 20U 20 20 •
Kansas C So r,f<l.. 400 r.fl'4 33 35 '
Ixjuis & Na«h 4.700 107% 100% KC%
Manhattan L n.SOo 142% 14l»; 141'i
Met Et Ry O.ICD 122% 120%'120«Z
Minn & Ft Louis. 200 60*4 «0H Sfi'
Missouri Pacific . 53.200 ft.'H i)1% 9.1%
Mo Kan fir T*x«*. GOO issj ."is - 171;
MoKiT nfd.*.. C4.000 40 V4 39 TA 3»?»
x r n o? Mex ifta ..... .... .... ss
N Y Central R.700 I2O«fl 11KH4 li«i4
Nor & W*cstt-rn .. 5,500 39vi 5S T 4
Nor A- West v.fd .. • !. 87
Onterlo fc Western «.?0ft 22'.i 21% .21%
r»nnsylv*tila 103,700- llft% HS14 HS%
Pitts CCiSU. 200 tnv, GZKi -. O2'4
nesdiiwr :..r : 2C.Cf^ . 4*~i. 44% 44^»
Heading iFt pM... 400 7* 77* 77
Ileadlng 2d pfd ...- 400 ro fiUii " .10 H
Pj>rk Island t'n.... 4fl.2OO 27'/i 2«14 2fl',;
Hock Island Co rfd 4.400 04 61% Rl\b
Ft L & K F 1st pfd. .... 0.1
Et L & SF2d pfd. 600 46»i 45- '43£
- Corn again took a weak undertone and prices
at times showed considerable loss. Th«i con
tinued fine weather^ from . Illinois and' the gen
eral talk of larger receipts air weighed .upon
CHICAGO, Dec 8.— Commlsslon-ho'jses .were
free sellers of July wheat 'early In the session
and pit traders sold May. . Thej cauze of the
sellinr at" tha start wi s tb« -lower tone -of
<ables in t^» ; face * of the ' strength ¦„ here yes
terday. May opened'* shade, to ijc- lower 'at
82' < 4®S2 1 > 4c, and on liberal -offering:* from local
traders theyprice quickly dropped to 81%®
81%c. On the decline ; the i leader of thje ' bulls
supported the market., buying heavlljv and a
steadier tone developed. Ttie local crowd,-.how
ever, eold freely. 'throughout ..the' : session,
to a great extent, caused by 'the weak
ness at Minneapolis. • News, was r.f a bearish
character, receipts in the ' Southwest bein? ex
tremely large and primary* receipts showing a
fair increase over. those"~of a year ago." Th«
Kansas crop report was also bearish In that
It showed a much larger crop than had been
estimated and the condition -was but little
under that of last > year. There was less pres
sure to sell late In the day and the close' was
steady at the decline, with' May off %'S>-'.c
at 82%c. ¦^&rttTa3j*i&*ttm**mn - ., - ¦ •-¦
Chicago Grain Market.
St Louis S >V .... 600 14^ 1H1' : 1»
St Louis S \V pfd. - 200 34H 33H 33?g
Ft Paul .. 4S.200 1447& JI2% 34::
St Paul pfd '.'CO 172% 172% 172
Southern Pacific .. .IGjSCO 4SH 47U 47%
Southern Railway.. 10.100 2l»i 2UV 21V4
Southern Ry pfd .. 2. COO 79ifc 78^4 78V4
TexaB & Pacific .. 0,800 ¦ 26% 25>4 251a
Tol St L & Went. 200 25U 22Vi 21 H
Tol St L & W pfd. 400 35Vi .15 34%;
TTnlon Pacific 73,500 7fl>& 7$ 78^
Union Paclflc pfd.. 200 \ 88- 87^4 87>4
Wabash 1.000 20% 20% 20%
Wabash pfd 0,300 33 "4 S7% 37
Wheel & L Erie.. 1.100 18 17 W&
Wisconsin Cent ..1,000 17V- 17H 17
Wisconsin Cent pfd 1,300 SS'i 37*4 37?;
"Express Companies — . •-.-" ,
I Adams .' - '. . ; 220
j American 200 189 ISCVi 1SU
' United States.. '. ...101
i Wells Farro 200
Miscellaneous — ¦ v '*"'
Amal Copper 13.400 47?i 44"4 . .45
Amer Car & Found 000 2OU 19?4 19&
Amer Car & F pfd 1.S00 C7*£ C7 67
Amer Lin Oil 100 9$, 9% 0»J .
Amer Lin Oil pfd .... ..... 29
Amer Loco MO 15% IS 14T4
Amer Loco pfd ... 800 7SV4 " s TTH
I Amer Smelt & Uef 18.C00 57 4f>V. 4»V»
IAmer S & R pfj. 1.900 01 UOifc OOVj
Amer Sugar Ref .. 17.300 >12u«i 124 123*4
Anaconda Mln Co.-. ¦ 2.C00 - 80 - - 77 70
Brooklyn Rap Tran 3S.100 4SS» 40?; 4rt%
¦ Colo Fuel & Iron.. 1.100 28% 2fl 27tt
Colum & Hock C. 300 ll*i 11<4 HVi.
Consolidated Gas.. l.flGO 180»£ 179 17(1
Oen Electric ..... 1,500 ICO 1C4 KHVi
Inter Paper It
Inter Paper pfd .. 100 C5 05 r;.T
Inter Pump' : , . "0
Inter Pump pfd... 100 75 75 ,75
National Biscuit .. .» ir.ii^i
National Lead 67.100 17U 14V, '10* 4
North American . . 200 • 77 7Ti*-i 7>">
Nor Securities S» s i
Pacific Mail 300 2rt'^ 25V4 26>4
People's Gas '. 6,100 070* !>6V4 ' 9rt«4
Pressed Steel Car. . 400 27H 27 - 27
Pressed Steel C ofd. 100 K7M -67 V* 67
Pullman Pal Car. 100 21714 217% 215
Republic Steel 500 TYt 7V*. 7Ts
Republic Steel pf.l. 800 4.1 42^T "42
Rubber Goods ... 4.700 lftVi 18 W, .18%
Rubber Goods pfd. 200 72?i 72% ¦ 72
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 4 .000 34 Vi 3.1 33
U S Leather 1.300 7% 7V» . 7%
U S Leather pfd .. 1,000 78% 77% :77V,
IT S Rubber 0%
U S Rubber pfd " 38'4
IT -8 Steel ;.....:.. 24.300 12% 11 Ti 11%
1? S Steel pfd 119.300 f>» -67>4 57»4
Western Union , 400 . S8 87% 87«i
Total sales.. 1.C50.7CO -
VNITEO RAILROADS OF SAN. FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. Dec. 8. — Bond . transactions of
I United Railroads of San Francisco: DCiXKat
! $75 75; GOOO at $75 67%.
NEW YORK^BONDS. .
U S ref 2s reg.:iO5\4 L & N uni 4s .. 00"i
Do coup Hiti Manhattan c g 4s.lO2%
Do 3s reg ....107 Mrx Cent 4s 7.5 ¦
too coup 107 . Do 1st inc 10
Do new 4s reg.l3.1»4 Minn & St L 4s.. 90%
Do coup 13.1% M K & T 4s .... 9'5
Do old 4s rei?..10» Do 2ds 70^
Do coup ..110 N R R of M c 4s. 75 l i
Do Ss reg 101 V4 N YCont g 3»is. 991i
Do coup 101 W N J Cent Ken 5s. 130^
Atch gen 4s 100H Vor ¦ Pac 4s ....102^
I Do adjt 4s .... 87% Nor Pae 3s 70%
Atlantic C L 4s.. 9.1 Nor & West c 4s. 97
Balto & Ohio 4s.. 101 Or S £ 4 & Par. 92%
Do 3Hs 95 Penn conv3t£s : .. 95',*
Cent of Ga 5s... 104 Read .Gen 4s 06%
Do 1st inc C7 St L & I M c 59.110%
Chen & O 4>/»s. ..102H St L*SF tg 4s. 85'
Chi & Alton 34s. 74Vi St L 8 W lsts.... m
C B & Q n 4s... 93 U Seaboard Air L 4s 7fl%
C M & S P r 4s.lll Southern Pac 4s.. 87«4
\'h\ & -N W c 7s. 130% Southern Ry 5s ..113
I! R I ft P R • 4s TO Tex * Pac Ii=ts..ll5
Do col r»s ..;. 77>4 Tol St L & "W 4s. 70
r C C & S L k 4s. 95 Union Pac 4s ...102%
Chi Term 4* .... 78 Do conv 4s .... 95
Oonso! Tob 4« 57 V5 TT S Steel' 2d 5s. 70%
Colo ft So 4e 84^ Wabash lsts 113*5
D & R Q 4s 100 Do Deb H .... »!fls»;
Erie prior lien 4s. 0S% Wheel & L E 4s.. 87V,
D» gen 4s 85% WIs Cent 89%
Ft W & D C Ists.1034 Colo F & I c 5s. GS&
IJock Val 4'js ...IOC* ' '
XEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con .. 10J Little Chief Ort
Alice 1 3. Ontario ..» « CO
Brcece 10 Ophlr ; 1 NO
Brunswick Con... O-miPhoenix 02
Comstock Tunnel.. 05 i Potosi ....• ». 20
Con Cal & Va.... 95 Savage 40
Horn Silver 1 OO.SIrrra Nevada .... 48
Iron Silver 1 CO Small HppeS .<«.. 15
l^eadville Con 02'Standard 2 00
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — Wentlngh Com .. 78"
Call loans r.^«Ml Mining
rime leans 5 ©O 1 ,* Adventure ...... 3
Bonds — Allouez 4%
Atchiton 4s 99»i Amalgamated ... 45
Mex Centos C9 Daly West SB
Railroads — lUnRham 22
Atchison 0S»4|calumet & Hecla.445
Do prefd 92% Ontennlal 10
TtoBton & Albany. 24«% 'Copper' Range- ..45% !
Boston £ Maine.. 1CA Dominion Coal .. 7B j
Boston L 140 Franklin ~Vi '
N Y N H & H...19C Isle. Royale ..... 8
Fltchburjr pfd ...135 Mohawk 38
! Union Pac 78 Old Dominion . . "SI *
Mexican Cent ... »% ffcceola 00
Miscellaneous — Parrot .......... 21'
Amer Sugar 124 Qulncy 85 ;
Do prefd 12O>4 Santa Fe Copper. -1%
Amer Tel & T.127 Tamarack 90 .
Domin I & S.... 8 Trinity S
Gen. Electric 164 United States .*.. IMi
Mass Kler, 20 Utah 2»»%
Do prefd 75. Victoria 2%
United Fruit 98 Winona S ¦.
U K Steel 1UJ Wolverine 67
Do prefd 57 '.<i
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Consols money .. 8S'£ N Y Central .....123',S
Do account 88 »i Nor & Western.. WVi
Anaconda 4>4 Do prefd 90
Atchison 71 U Ontario & West. 23
Do prefd ~7T 70% Pennsylvania . ; . . ftl »/J
Balto & Ohio .. ki% Rand Mines 10
Canadian Pac ..12.1% Reading .. ..... 23',-i
<nies & Ohio 33% Do 1st- prefd-. ..: 40%
Chicago O W .. 1«% Do 2d prefd.... S1V,
Ch| Mil & St P.14.S«4 Southern Ry :... 22%
DeBeers ... 21 Uo prefd ...... 82
Denver & R G .. 22% Southern Pacific.. 4«%
3 Do prefd 72% Union Pacific ... 81
Erie 30U Do prefd ...... !>«
Do 1st prefd... 70% U S Steel 12%
Do 2d prefd 52Vs lio prefd 60
Illinois Central ZiSSift Wabash V. 21«4
Ix.uis & Nash /.lliy Do prefd 39 -"
Ho Kan A Tex. 18% I . ,;
Bar silver, unchanged, 25d per ounce. Money,
2H@ : * P' r cent. Thp rate of .discount in the
open "market for short bill* is 4 per cent and
for three months* bills 3 5-10- per cent.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW TOKK, Dec. 8.— FLOUR— Receipts.
S3.200 barrels: exoorts. 1000 barrels; sales. 12.
000 barrels. Market was neglected, but -firmly
held on all grades, •";¦.¦
WHEAT — Receipts, 11.000 bushels: exports,
107,127 bushels; sales. 2,300.000 futures.- Spot,
steady: So. -2 r*d, 00%o elerator; No. 2 red,
»l%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth, «4c
f. o. b. afloat. Optlcns declined at first rather
severely under reports of snow in the South
west, easy cables and libeial Western receipts.
Meeting excellent bull support, however, tha
market later recovered and closed - steady at
¦;©%c net decline May. 85 11-10«S0Hc, closed
W/i<-: 7uly 82%08-ic: closed 82%c; December,
i>0-;<&91«*o. closed UO-ic .
1CIDES — Steady.
WOOL— Firm. ,-. '. •
COFFEE — Spot 'Rio. firm; mild. firm. Fu
tures olcpe-l net unchanged to S points higher.
Palee -174.-7CO bags, including^ December, H.35c;
Janr.nrv 6.450fl.5Oc: March, 6.50®<J.80c; April,
6.90e: May. fl.»0@7.1Cc. - • .:
SUQAR— Raw, weak; fair refining. &t,c; cen
trlfupal. 90 te*t, 3%cf molasses Bugar. 2%c; re
"fln'ed, dull. , / . . ¦
- DRIED-FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market Is In
liRlit demand, particularly as to the lower
grades. Common. |4$74%c; • prime, Sfj&V.io;
choice.. 5% <§6tic; fancy.- U%@7c. -
PRUNES — Are selling In small quantities,
but in the absence of important offerings prices
are steadily heid, raneihg.froxn 2\ic to 6Vic for
all grades. - ' ' •• /
APRICOTS — Are In fair demand, with choice
quoted -at- iijVtc^c; extra- choice, 9%#16V«c;
'fancy, ll&lfic. ' ;• . ' .-
PKACIIES-^Ar* quiet, with rholcn quoted a*
7^4«7%c; extra choice. 754SS',ic; fancy, 9Vi<5"
lOHc v . , _-., ...; - " ; .-¦;. y
r ,"o ; a n~, 77;"
Local Slocks and Bonds very dim.
New York stocks irregular and not materially changed.
Sharp decline of 2c per oiinceMi Silver;
Wheat Freights still very low and quiet.
Local grain markets continue quiet and featureless.
Flour and Millstuits in fair movement. .
Beans shozv rather more fluctuation. Seeds nominal
Hay and Feedstuff s steady at prcinoiis prices.
Butter zvcait, u'iih sellers pressing the market.
Eggs less firm. Cheese pleniful and weak.
Dullness rules in Dried, Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Provisions reported quiet in all positions.
Hops quiet and firm. Wool neglected. Hides steady.
Cattle and Sheep unchanged. Dressed Hogs weaker.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables still weak and plentiful.
Receipts of Poultry and Game too heavy for the market.
Supplies of fresh Fruit in excess of the demand.
SUMMARY, OF THR MARKETS.
THE SAtt FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 9., 1903.
STOCKS OF GRAIN.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
13
The Merchants' Exchange has irsued;lts regular jejnl-annual statement of the stock of grain on hand In the State December 1,
as ¦ follows: . . ' - ¦ . r #,....
'. V I F\our.' ! Wheat. | Barley - j
LOCATION'. ; •":. - V ; BbU/-j- Ctls. | Ctls. I
Outs. |
Ctls. !
Bean*. I
Sack?.
Corn. |
Ctls.
Rye.
Ctl».
LOCATION'
San Francisco warehouses and mills, inc'.uding grain and flour I
aijoat in harbor and In transit M7.136 r- 70.440} 235.000
Sonoma, Solano.^Yolo, Colusa and Glenn counties ,. 25,030 1.294,lC-o4 74R.SCO I
Saqramento : Yuba. -Sinter. .Butte. Placer and- Tehama counties ....I 17.57B 90ti,3l» r 212.120 j
Contra Costa and Alatneda cojintles. ..:....*.......[ 1,150 334,700 j 034.2e0 I
San Joaquin. Stanislaus. Merced. Fresno/ Madcra," Tularc, Kings
and Kern counties .. :... ... 04,972 1,061,420 03(5,000
San Mateo Santa "Clara. San Benlto, Santa ; Criiz . Monterey, and ¦ . '
San J^uls Oblspo counties 10,250 - 334.CS0 | 4S0.2I0
Santa 'Barbara. Ventura. Los AnKe.e"s. , Orange, San Bernardino, i I
Riverside ami San Diego counties...' 1I.5S1, 516.180 | 024.320
08.100
\1 7.340
'W>,r,crt
M.aio -
21,120
3S.»60
8S.2S0 I
|
I
121.073 I
io,:sco
24,370
41,737
30.0S3
422.411
[
:::::::
3.740
eo<)
35,040
• Totals ........ 5 | 147.718 I 5.43G.020 | 4.471.S0O |
327.S0O 1
¦
30.SSH
COMPARATIVJR STATEMENT.
¦ ' •" < ¦* ,' . j, - " I Flour. I- Wheat. I* Darley. t Oats. - I Beans. I Corn. "A
. . ¦ ' " Bbla. .Ctls. Ctls. I Ctls. J - Sacks. I Ctls.
1 Rye.
Ctls.
180;$— Ture 1... /i :*. M ..';...... i... 145,004 ' 1.010.400 | 601.820 100,200 303,073 23.C00
100"— b^rcmber 1. ..-.¦..".•.../...-./....../.....-...•...'....... 100.413 0.154,0ii0 2.847.040 343,4t« 732.874.^....
Tune 1.... ....:.........,.! 177.173 2.riT,5,780 0C7.C80 112.320 312.746 4S,9S<»
1001— Decembtr 1 ..V. , .., 140,747 12,C23.«80 4,467,300 1204,520 47(l,S74 ...
Juno I........................:.;..:......:... ........ ....V.'.. 174.177. ". SJ46.820.I - 74C.22O ! • 4::..VS0 119.000 . • 13.82«) ¦
1900— Deromber 1..., -..•• ,..:...'......... . 144.1CS 12.401.9S0 T 3.8O1.840 I 20fl>2iiO 240,0:14'. ....... f
1J MV^j ne x \;..:.... ...'.....- .-•.: 05.C9O I M,::(!7.840 I 2.108.52t> I 147.HSO 114.C88 2H.7SO
1800— Do'-ereber 1 < ........'..... > 112,130 | 15,093,280 | 4,778,880 I 235,700 208,117 |
17.SK0
53 710
s:).8C0
KW.4S0
SO. 260
f 151.010
54.240
I 54,140
The Merchants' Exchange has irsued;lts regular jejnl-annual statement of the stock of grain on hand In the State December 1,
as ¦ follows: . . ' - ¦ . r #,....
'. V I F\our.' ! Wheat. | Barley - j
LOCATION'. ; •":. - V ; BbU/-j- Ctls. | Ctls. I
Outs. |
Ctls. !
Bean*. I
Sack?.
Corn. |
Ctls.
Rye.
Ctl».
LOCATION'
San Francisco warehouses and mills, inc'.uding grain and flour I
aijoat in harbor and In transit M7.136 r- 70.440} 235.000
Sonoma, Solano.^Yolo, Colusa and Glenn counties ,. 25,030 1.294,lC-o4 74R.SCO I
Saqramento : Yuba. -Sinter. .Butte. Placer and- Tehama counties ....I 17.57B 90ti,3l» r 212.120 j
Contra Costa and Alatneda cojintles. ..:....*.......[ 1,150 334,700 j 034.2e0 I
San Joaquin. Stanislaus. Merced. Fresno/ Madcra," Tularc, Kings
and Kern counties .. :... ... 04,972 1,061,420 03(5,000
San Mateo Santa "Clara. San Benlto, Santa ; Criiz . Monterey, and ¦ . '
San J^uls Oblspo counties 10,250 - 334.CS0 | 4S0.2I0
Santa 'Barbara. Ventura. Los AnKe.e"s. , Orange, San Bernardino, i I
Riverside ami San Diego counties...' 1I.5S1, 516.180 | 024.320
08.100
\1 7.340
'W>,r,crt
M.aio -
21,120
3S.»60
8S.2S0 I
|
I
121.073 I
io,:sco
24,370
41,737
30.0S3
422.411
[
:::::::
3.740
eo<)
35,040
• Totals ........ 5 | 147.718 I 5.43G.020 | 4.471.S0O |
327.S0O 1
¦
30.SSH
COMPARATIVJR STATEMENT.
¦ ' •" < ¦* ,' . j, - " I Flour. I- Wheat. I* Darley. t Oats. - I Beans. I Corn. "A
. . ¦ ' " Bbla. .Ctls. Ctls. I Ctls. J - Sacks. I Ctls.
1 Rye.
Ctls.
180;$— Ture 1... /i :*. M ..';...... i... 145,004 ' 1.010.400 | 601.820 100,200 303,073 23.C00
100"— b^rcmber 1. ..-.¦..".•.../...-./....../.....-...•...'....... 100.413 0.154,0ii0 2.847.040 343,4t« 732.874.^....
Tune 1.... ....:.........,.! 177.173 2.riT,5,780 0C7.C80 112.320 312.746 4S,9S<»
1001— Decembtr 1 ..V. , .., 140,747 12,C23.«80 4,467,300 1204,520 47(l,S74 ...
Juno I........................:.;..:......:... ........ ....V.'.. 174.177. ". SJ46.820.I - 74C.22O ! • 4::..VS0 119.000 . • 13.82«) ¦
1900— Deromber 1..., -..•• ,..:...'......... . 144.1CS 12.401.9S0 T 3.8O1.840 I 20fl>2iiO 240,0:14'. ....... f
1J MV^j ne x \;..:.... ...'.....- .-•.: 05.C9O I M,::(!7.840 I 2.108.52t> I 147.HSO 114.C88 2H.7SO
1800— Do'-ereber 1 < ........'..... > 112,130 | 15,093,280 | 4,778,880 I 235,700 208,117 |
17.SK0
53 710
s:).8C0
KW.4S0
SO. 260
f 151.010
54.240
I 54,140
AUCTION SALES
A. H. ANDERSON, Auctioneer,
ROOM 28, PHEHH SXTH.DI3TO.
TELEPHONE MAIN 1S32.
Sales conducted In all Darts cf the State.
Ccrrespcndence solicited.
SPECIALTY KAOS OT LIVESTOCK.
1 have customers from out f\d« oC town wno
wish to enter business here. Have you any
for sale or a piece of business property for rent?
• fV^ AUCTION SALE OP HORSES AND
¦*^* MAKES. ARCADE HORSE MARKET.
327 SIXTH ST.. WEDNESDAY. Dec. J). at IX
a. m. Forty head of all purpose horses. Every
hers* must be as represented or money refund-
ed. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY. DECEMBER 9. 100?
14
EMPLOYMENT .WASTED — MALE.
WANTED — By man and wife, Janitor or any
place of trust: man good gardener; wife gen-
eral work and cooking; excellent referenc*».
Box 877, Call offlc. San Francisco.
BARBER, young man who has some experi-
ence In the trade, wishes a job where he can
learn the trade thoroughly. Box ."154, Call.
COACHMAN of long exoerience, with Al ref-
erences, understanding all about horses, as
stableman for private house or any kind of
work aroun 1 horses. Address box 3128, Call.
SITUATION wanted by an energetic young
man. capable of handling mining proposi-
tions, placer or quartz: no objections to go
Ing to Mexico. Address box 3113. Call. .
POSITION wanted— A reliable married man;
. understands care of horses, carriages arid
harness and can milk; wife good cook and
laundress; reference. S. D.. 77 Ninth st.
AN experienced offlce man desires employment
as shipper or other position of trust In a
wholesale or manufacturing house; highest
references. Box 3118. Call.
POSITION of trust or collector by a middle-
aged married man; first-class reference from
last position of 15 years. Address box 3T2O.
Call office.
POSITION* wanted by middle-aged man as
waiter or dishwasher In a restaurant or ho-
tel; country preferred: rpeaks four different
languages. Address ___, R.. 1200 Howard st.
BARBER desires position for evenings and Sat-
urday (Sunday). 1410 Larkln st.. near Cali-
fornia; call before 9 a. m.. bet. 3 and 4:30
and after 8:30 p. m.. except Sunday.
ENERGETIC young man desires position with
wholesale firm or corporation; moderate sal-
ary to start. Address LINDON, 415 Mason.
STEADY, reliable Scandinavian wants, work of
any kind: can dtlye and care for horsea.
Address box 314», Call.
ENERGETIC young: man desires position as
collector or salesman; references. Box 2S95,
Call offlce.
WANTED — Position as Janitor; capable of tak-
ing charge of building; best of references.
Box 3144, Call office.
COMPETENT ralnter wants work for private
parties, or In hotel, by the day or Job. Box
370}*, Call offlce.
AS correspondent, situation wanted; English.
Spanish, French, German: references. Box
2871, Call office, ,
A SOBER, Industrious man. willing to work,
wants position in business house or to drive
wagon. Box 2834; Call. » __¦
WANTED — Position by a registered pharma-
clst. Box 3170. Call/ ; -
GOOD cook, also pastry cook, wants position.
Box 3*42. Call.
A GOOD machinist and toolmaker desires em-
ployment. Addrtss box 2S75. Call.
A YOUNG man. presser, wants position where
he can lenrn to make pants. Box 2S7S, Call.
POSITION as watchman by steady, reliable
man. Address box 2S09, Call offlce.
FOREMAN en i ranch and also a good black-
smith wants a position. Box 3719, Call.
YOUNG man would like work of some kind
evenings, E. BERG. 18 Franklin et.
HONEST Japanese boy wants a place as school
boy: speaks English: understands house-
work. 1, HASHIMOTO, S07 Polk St.. Japan-
ese Mission. . ' . '
JAPANESE schoolboy wants a position In a
small family; can cook well. HENRY, 145U
Pagi St.; tel. Park SOL
A JAPANESE boy wants position to do any
kind of work In evening or morning. Ad-
dress K. O.. 807 Polk it.: phone Polk 3S02.
GOOD Jcoanese wants a position. to do half-
day general hcus -work; $2 50 week. HAEHL
121 Halght st. Tel. Fell 7031.
HONEST young Japanese wishes position
where he can get time to study In certain
hours of day. Box 3138, Call offlce.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and imbacriptlotin
••ecelved at Call branch cfflee.22C0Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006
Valencia *t.
-ACIAI. MASSAGE. >
A— WRINKLES removed; fine complexion guar-
anteed, r.ew method: 5Oc. M. -LUTON. manl-
curlng parlors. 7C4 Larkln st. ; ohone Polk 17.
: FINANCIAL.
COMPANIES Incorporated, financed and stock
, floated. . W. H. bITTNER, Lawyer and Fl-
nancinl Agent. 322 Emma SpreckeU bldg.
FLATS TO LET. •
A— HOUSES and flats to let: an I— men»e list;
-cervlce absolutely free;' 1 take advantage of
' this department: It will save you time an J
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 243-2&I Geary
»t.. on the square.
ALL of the most desirable flats anil houses ar*
¦ listed In our renting department: let us give
you a list and help you find one in the loca-
tion you want. STERLING FURNITURE
COMPANY. 1033 Market, St.; services abso-
¦lutely free. • ¦ ,¦ ".
» PLAT* TO I,F.T—Pl'RM!IHEn.
SUNNY 5-room flat, completely furnished; pi-
ano, gas and coal range. Box 37S5. Call.
DIAMOND, 810— Flat of 3 furnished rooms:
¦ hot, and coM water; $10. .... .
(FLATS FOB SALE— FUR.M5HED.
NICE sunny furntshed fiat. 7 rooms and bath:
¦ reasonable: on account of sickness. C25 Post.
SALE.
HOWARD. 12.15^rNew' flat of 5 rooms »nd bath
for ¦ rent ami furniture to srll at. a sacrifice;
party going away. . ¦¦. .
FUHMTURE WAXTF.D. ;
HIGHEST price for furniture and mdse. L7TT 1
BURP, auctioneer. 1S1W Mkt. :tel.Mow»rd 275U.
A. .WOLLPERT. : 77:t Mission, phone Red .44*2,
"buys -rent*, repairs, parks furniture, carpet*.
HELP WASTED— FEMALE.
BOOKFOLDERS- wanted: fxr>erlenced hands:
also • girls to learn .. the trade; good wages
paid while learning. F. MALLOYE. 422
. . Sacramento st; ...
LADIES to learn barber trade in 8 weeks'*nd
. , ladles' , halrdressing in 4 weeks ; manicuring
and • facial massage : also taught In shortest .
time. Mohicr System College. 635 Clay -:u
EDUCATIOXAL— Contlnned. |
THE P.AVL GERSON School of Acting, the
foremost Institution of the kind in th« entire
West: 12 teachers; eend for catalogue. JNa-
tlre Sons' bldg.. 414 Mason st. '
HEALD'8 School of Mines A Electrlctty.24 »o_t
st., 8. F.; a practical school of engineering;
complete. equlDment. Special catalogue tree.
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday. Sun-
day evga.. Teutonia Hall. Howard st.. nr.
¦ 3th. Prof. Foster: society dancing taught.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GEORGeTaOKI. 421 PosTVt.; tel. Bush 135-^
Japanese-Chinese, employment offlce; fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help, etc
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chtnese help. 420 Powell. TeL Main B782.
A— GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Offlce. 41D
Stockton; tel. Grant 1CS; expert, reliable help.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; allkiridshelp^l5St___ktoj_____Ia_r________
JAPANESE Henry Housecleanlng Co. Tel.
James 1651. 200 Brannan st.
CHINESE Employment Offlce — Best help at
Leon Seung's. 411% OTarrell; tel. East 428.
CHINESE and Japanese help: estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO-. 640 Clay.
EMPL.OY31EXT WASTED FEMALE.
EXCELLENT cook. Just disengaged, best of
references, wishes; situation without washing.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st.
BY expert, fitting in cloak and suit (8:30 or 9
d'olcck) house, or assistant fitter or cutter, or
preparing work for first-class private dress-
maker. Box 37S2 Call offlce.
YOUNG lady, thoroughly competent and ex-
perienced stenographer and typewriter,, high-
est references desires position in* or- out of
city. Box 3730, Call offlec.
POSITION as ladies' nurse or companion by
intelligent experienced middle-aged woman.
Box 3155. Call. .
WANTED- Work by the day or week, wash-
Ing, cleaning or plain cooking. * Apply 1350
Minna »t^ ¦ ¦
GERMAN woman would like to work by the
day, washing and ironing. ! Address 310 Pros-
pect ave^ (
FIRST-CLASS German cook wishes situation.
RM Stockton et.
WOMAN wants general housework to do. Box
.174!'. Call offlce.
A COMPETENT, well-educated stenographer
of 8 yearn" business experience, who is fa-
miliar with bookkeeping and gentral office
work, would like position first of the year at
a good salary; highest refs. Box 3115, Can.
AN American woman wants a place as work-
ing housekeeper; no objection to cooking for
hired men or take charge of rooming-house.
Box 3780. Call offlce. ¦
ARTISTIC dressmaker is open for engagement
as forelady: no objection to San Jose or
neighboring towns. MADAME DORE, box
3717. Call.
YOUNG lady stenographer, penman \nd gen-
eral offlce work, wishes permanent position;
salary exacted $2.">. - Box 3152, Call offlce.
GOOD German cook v wants situation In pri-
vate family: wakes $30. 234 Minna St., bet.
Third and Fourth. • * '
DRESSMAKER wishes a few more engage-
ments by the day: tailor suits and evening
gownsa specialty. 31G Hayes et. ¦ "
SITUATION wanted by rapid Remington op-
erator; 6 years' Insurance and other expe-
rience". Box 3741, Call.
MIDDLE-AGED woman would like washing.
Ironing or house cleaning to do; $1 50 day;
good work dtne. Box 3101. Call.
GERMAN woman; can do any kind of work;
wishes some more engagements by the day;
$1 50, car fare. Phone Red 4C41.
A NEAT German girl, can't speak. English.
would like a position to do upstairs work,
and sewing. 1350 Jackson st.
WANTED— Position as lady's nurse by experi-
. enced woman; capable of taking care of child.
Apply box 3134. Call office. -¦ '. ' '
WOMAN wants wcrk by day; $1 60 per day
and carfare. MRS. OSGOOD. 115 Hayes St.
GIRL 14 years old wishes to learn ladles'
tailoring. 261 Ehlpley st. ' ' ¦
FIRST-CLASS laundress wishes work by the
day. 77 Ninth st. ¦. _ .
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch offlce. cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscription* haa been established at lOttu
Valencia st. ¦ - . . ' • ¦ ¦ - ¦¦
E3IPLOVMEXT WASTED-^MALE.
AN energetic man." with knowledge of four
languages— English. Spanish. French and
Italian — desires- a position with some busi-
ness firm or corporation: to foreign country
preferred— Central America, Cuba or Phil-
,'lpptne Islands. Box 374S. Call. . —*~ ¦:
COACHMAN wants position; thorough with
horses, carriages, etc.; careful driver: sin-
gle, mlddle-aied;clty or country; best ref-
(Temes; understands gardenins. Address
G. R.. box P.72O. Call offlce.
COACHMAN with long experience In any kino,
of work around horses, with u son ' 15
years old and smart for horses, also a strong
and healthy woman for housework. Box
3783, Call. ¦ -• ' > . ¦ ¦' ' ;
AN elderly single German is open Tor a posi-
tion where general administrative ability,
with practicnl knowledge of all agricultural
.branches, especially forestry, .would be In
requisition. Box 4568. Call offlce. ,
PRACTICAL planing imiir man wishes pcsl-
llon on assistant foreman In larger mill:
held place as manager of small'mlll 6 years;
salary not principal objects Address F. K.
¦;' HOFFMAN. 3333 Twenty-sixth st. . . '. "-¦
WANTED— By a middle-aged man, strictly
temperate, a position us Janitor, nightwatch- !
man or a man around place.. Address . G. ,
TAYLOR/ 1010 Mission at. . . . ..'.'.
MAN and wife wish position together as cook
and but'erj best. of reference. J. P., 015y_,
Howard st. . v. ' •¦ ¦ *
WANTED— Situation in San Francisco whole-
J sale grocery house by. young man with: Puget
Sound references. Addrcsi box 3745,-, Call.'
WANTED — Position as helrer for an clectrl-"
'"¦\ dan' by: student 'In international correspond-.
' ence ' schools: , Box • 3784, Call.' " •
WANTED — By T.n - f xrerienced young " colored
man, a petition as porter or janitor; best of
,;, reference. ,• ; Box ¦ 3747."! Call.
A CABINETMAKER wants position ' in:, fur-
1 nlture - store; ; can ¦ alsu . do -. finishing. : " Box
" 3740. Call. - v
j UL'SIXESS CHANCES — Co-tinned. H !
I lf.I "u\ "\\^LI^7 lteal Estate and Buslne**
A_ert lestabliKlml 1« years), i'tt'i Uearny
tt.. items 1> and 10.
A S3GO0 COFFEH raloon and re*taiirant in
the water front, clote to Market st.: dally
recsjp'a about JU5: business clearing $300 per
month; trial given: a splendid offer; investi-
gate it once. See K. G. WILKE. 20H
Kearny *t.
A— $3500; HOTEL and barroom with Sl> rooms,
in Point Richmond; rent flitO: rooms always
ocoup'rd by employes of reiiroad and Stand- j
«rd Oil Company; board bill cuaranteed by
company; owner never clears lest than J300 I
per month. Call K. G. WILKE. 2o>4
Kearry ft. 1
A— JSOo: SALOON on water front, with S fur-
nirhed rooms: .1 iron bedsteads In each room:
"'/« years' lease; rent $J5; rooms alone pay
37'j per month and saloon dcing a good butt-
ress. Pee R. G. WILKH. £fiV_ Kearny st.
! A— $T.50; EMPLOYMENT offlce. doing a good
business; rourt be Bold at once on account
cf drkness In owner's family. Call It. G.
WILKE. 2&y, Kearny st.
A — JIS'OO; HALF interest in one of the best
corner calcons on w_ter front: 4ease: dis-
agreement of partners cause of -sale: will
rell whole for S340U. Call R. U. WILKZ.
l'6i_. Kearny «t.
A— $1250: CORNER saloon on Fourth St.. close
to B. P. freight sheds; 8 furnished rooms
end kitchen: a good paying business. Se« j
R. tl. WILKE. 20% Kearny st. |
A— $600; DAIRY produce and delicatessen I
store; rent $22; business clears above $100 j
per month: living rooms; value In sight. ,
Call R. O. WILKE. 26H Kearny tt.
A— $2000; *SAIX>ON on Kearny St.. about • 2 I
blocks from Chronicle building; place estab-
lished years and doing a good business; or
one cartner will sell his interest for $1000; ]
disagreement cause of tale. See R. G.
WILKE. 2014 Kearny si.
A—$i200; COFFEE saloon and bakery: close to
Phelan building; a good paying business,
fcut must be sacrificed on account of owner
being nick in hospital. Particulars R. G. ¦
WILKF. 26lj Kearry «t. j
A— $3250; LEADING saloon on Market and j
Maion tts.; net rent $150: lease with priv-
ilege cf 6 years more: value In sight. Call
R O^ WILKE. MH Kearny st.
A— $C50; CIGAR stand on Montgomery st.; a
$700 cigar stand on Ellis st. ; stock at In-
voice: a $200 cigar stand on Third st. : stock
at invoice: a $400 cigar stand on Eddy St..
*U«k at Invoice. Call n. G. WILKE. 2t»H
Kearny tt. -
A— $1250- COFFEE saloon on Geary st.: rent
»45. R. O. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A WHOLESALE and retail butcher business
In Monterey County, with fi acres of land,
dwelling "house, slaughter house, shop fix-
tures boiler tanks, etc.; 8 horses, wagon*
and a well established trade; this is a flrst-
«!ass business proposition. All particulars.
R. G. WiLKE. 20Vj Kearny at.
A $'55OO corner saloon, about 1 block south
of Chronicle bldg.: established years and a
first-class paying place; fullest investigation
solicited: this Is a very rare chance. Call
R. G. WILKE, 2CVJ Kearny st.
J1500— TOWEL supply business for sale. Box
3156, Call offlce.
HAVE you anything to sell or money to invest?
Write* us for particulars; agents everywhere.
Altadena Investment Syndicate, 70S Market
st.. San Francisco, Cal.
J250O WILL easily earn $25,000 tn 2 years; no
fake. Box 3148. Call.
FOR tale — A cigar stand next door to the new
Tivoli Theater. Apply 113 Eddy st.
M::.*i — CIGAR stand for sale; 053 Howard: too
close confinement the cause; rent 510 month.
$1750— BUTCHER business; clears over $8 per
day; no agents. Box 3123, Call offlce.
GROCERY and bar for sale. Western Addition.
Address I. W. B.. box 3111. CaM offlce.
GROCERY and bar for sale; price $1500. 124
Davit- st.
LODUIAG-HOLSKS PUR. SALK.
II. C. DECKER.
H. C. UtCKKh, Phone John 631.
H. O. DECKER. . * I
L4SADIKU KOUMING-HOUSE AND HOTEL
BROKER. j
!tO0 MARKET ST. 90G MARKET ST. |
OVEK _7 YEARS SELLING HOUSES IN j
SAN FRANCISCO. !
JUST A FEW SHtClAL BARGAINS.
20 rooms: north of Market st $1400 i
ONLY *C00 CASH REQUIRED.
I R rooms; Hyde and McAllister sts $500 i
SS5 rooms; one floor; rent $70 $1600 !
21 rooms; electric lighted; rent $^0 $850
ONLY $:w0 CASH UKQl'lKED.
I 22-ROOM HOUSE NEAR POWKLL AND
; OFAKREIiL.
LARGE TRANSIENT TRADE.
KOOMM ALL LIGHT AND
SUNNY; CLEARS 5150 $2500
32-KCHjtM BOUSE ON" S PROMINENT HTS. ; i
CLEARS OVEK $.««1 PKR MONTH. . .f.tOOO ]
07-room housf; near Palace Hotel $2000 '
40-room horse; neer Mission and 2d $1000 j
.'il-room house; grand bareatn $1500 '
:ji;-r<>om boarding-house; clears $300 *45O.> ;
Hotel »nd Jjht; tX> room- $(5000 !
« rooms: mu*t «rl!; only $loii i
7 rooms: a sr.ai) $75 '
12 rooms; Pine and Hyde sts.; a beauty. V-"><> ,
17 rooms; O'Farreli st.; see it $S00 ¦
•_0 rooms; north Market st. ; rent $00 $lliiO
11 rocms;"rent enly $35 $550
12 rooms; Mason Kt.: &nap $4.".o •
I iSJ rooms; rent ?50; money-maker. ... ;. . .$1500 :
J loO-room corner house $750)1 j
' lCO-roon J apartment-house .(13,000 !
HO-ROOM HOTEL $12,000 ,
i» rooms ami bath: upper flat ....$525
6-roora house on Minna st }vi '
34-rocm fccus* for exchange $3400 i
•JO-ROOM HOUSE; MUST SELL; SMALL
AMOUNT CASH: EASY PAYMENTS:
SURE TO CLEAR *25O PKR MONTH.$3500
$100,000 TO LOAN ON FURNITURE.
H. C. DECKER. 000 Market St.
DECKEH WILL SELL YOU A
HOUSE FOR CASH.
DECKER WILL SELL YOU A
HOUSE ON EASY PAYMENTS.
DECKER WILL LOAN YOU
MONEY ON ANY HOUSE.
TO BUY. SELL OR EXCHANGE SEE
DECKER. HOC MARKET ST.. cor. Stockton.
A. CAMERON & CO.. Phone 1050.
:{ Eddy tt.. cor. Market and Powell.
' Headquarters for rooming-houses, hotels and
all kinds of business chances.
v - — — —
S3 r.; near Market; lease; $600 down..$22oO
•:<• r. ; rent $300: Market; clears $300 mo. 3000
7 r.; Van Ness; rent $22 50; home 225
20 r. ; new. mod., elegantly furnished.. 25O0
11 r.; rent $00; new; fine fur.; clears $47 850
« r.; ElJIs; rent $35; fine home: snap.. 650
«.i r. : cheap rent: clears $304* to $400. S5«m
SO r.: rent $95: good fur.-, clears $100. 2O0'i
12 r. : rent $40; close In; well fur. 600
8 r. ; up. fiat; everything mod.; departure 750
3 r.; rent $20; cor. flat; Leav.; snap 220
20 r.; new house; furniture; clears $S0 2.Vtn
8 r.; rents $50; modern; finely furn..... 500
22 r.; rent $S0: lease; clears $100 17<m»
11 r.y Eddy:rent $50;wellfur.;clears $33 750
34 r.; fine- downtown; makes big money 3200
8 r.i rent $«2: modern flat; elegant fur.. 4O0
14 r. ¦ rent $75; oak fur.; good carpets. 900
12 r.: close in; well fur.; bargain 110<i
18 r.; fine corner; new and elegantly fur 2400
17 r.; downtown: always full; clears $115 1600
8 r.; close in; golden oak; moquet car-
pets, hair mattresses; cost $1500: Inc.
$68: snap 900
7 r. ; rent $40; middle flat; oak fur 350
21 r.;rent $S5;well fur.^ease^lears^lOO ITfxi
14 r.; cheap rent; (rood fur.; snap WO
11 r.; rent $40; newly renov.: clear $43 600
17 r.: central; Post; part cash lurt
44 r.; rent $44; big money-maker 3000
25 r.; rent $70; oak fur.: leaving city.. 1350
50 r.; new, mod. building; elegantly fur.;
central; Icng lease; must be sold; offer
wanted
10 r. : mod. flat: elegant fur.;clears $51;
: cost $2200; will sacrifice; must leave
rity
0 r. : flat: rent $40; mod. ;clears $45; de-
! perture 450
HEADQUARTERS FOR LODGING HOUSES.
C. E. HINKLEY.
1020 MARKET ST.. OPP. FIFTH.
PHONE MINT 796. .
Carriages for Customers.
CLEAR TITLES GUARANTEED.
BUYER AND SELLER PROTECTED.
i l.'S rooms; Mission St.; rent $50 $ S.'O
2:» rooms; rent $55: snap 121K)
fi rooms; housekeeping: clears $27 200
12 rooms; north of Market: rent $40.... 000
11 rooms; Eddy St.; rent $50 (.00
C> rooms; transient: liquor license 2700
8 rooms;Post st.; rent $32; only 250
M rooms: Sutter st.; 3 unfurnished.... .'{50
1 GRAND CORNER, 1C0 rooms, first floor.
' office; lease; low rent: clears $500 monthly;
tome country transient. See this first-class
i proportion. ¦ HINKLEY. 1020 Market st:
20 ROOMS; new; rent r,nIy.$M; 3 ; years' lease;
clears $1CO: gooJ carpets; cak furniture;
every room i Bunny; large yard.' HINKLEY.
' MODERN, apartment; house; 44 "rooms; rent
$210; guaranteed to clear $200: 3 'and 4 rocm
' 8partments: ele— intly furnished. • See ray
; . agenr. C. E. HINKLEY. x j
i I 120 ROOMS; .rer.t less than $5 a room; up to '
. | «late in every ro-pect: finely furnished; books
open; clears $350 to J.4C0 monthly; $0000; part
rash. HINKLEY. 1020 Market st.
I WOItKINGMKN'3 house; 20 rooms: one floor;
elecirie 11?htn r<«nt >40; amazlrgly low price, i
_ $c%0. _. HIXKLEY; 1C20 Market et.[ opp. 5th.
. ONLY StOOO CASH. , — . " ~~~T~
SO looms: rent $100: 1 • block_. f rom Emporium; i
_ liardwcod furniture: cood c-arpets: $22Afl:
payable as; you make it out of house: best,
pf reasons fcr selling. . If you want a bar- I
ca!n don't fait to see . th!.«. Call at room
! -74. Columbian building.' or phone Bush SIS.
'. FOR PALE— A BOARDING-HOUSK; MEDIUM
MZK; ELEGANTLY- FURXrRHICD; LOCA- |
TK>N BEST IN" THE CITV: LEASK; !
OWNER LEAVING TOWN. COX 2850.
CALL OFFICE.
fc« ROOM S ; S3S00 -. rent $2 50 per room; new
• bide: new carpets;* gund furniture; sunny
I rcun:*; 512C0 cash.. 0 EOiy «t., rocm 1'jO.
ilTiwl iWiHinsMi n Hinnlimiimrfin i-mii i i i i
HELP WANTED — FEMALE — Cow. |
WANTED— Cook. $30, little wash; codi c^
ranch, $30; cook. Sausalito, $30; 2 second
girls. $20; - laundresses, $30; 2 kitchen help-
¦ ers, $20. $25; 'infant nurse. $25; 2 nurse
-girls, $15. $20: man and wife, private place.
(50: second girl. Salinas, $2C; chamberm-Id
and waiting. $25; chamber work, private I
family. $30, and a large number of houseglrK |
city and country. $2»>. $25 and $30. Apply to I
j. p. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Satter st.
WANTED — At San Fran. Employ. Bureau, 17
Fourth' *t. phone Grant 26 — Companion for
lady city. $15; girl for light housework, city.
$15:'Swe*di_sh girl, housework, city, $25: light
housework^for lwo, city. $20: sale-ladies,
fancy dept. Oakland. $0 a week; waitress,
Oakland reetaurant. $3 a week.
TWO good second girls for small American
families in city. $25 each. MISS PLI.N-
KETT. -425 Sutter St.. near Powell.
A WORKING housekeeper for gentleman and
children. $25: see party here. MISS PLl.N-
KETT. 425 Sutter st.. near Powell.
10O experienced ralesladies wanted at once.
Apply Wednesday and Thursday morninRS. » to
11. Superintendent's offlce, THE EMPORIUM.
WANTED AT ONCE.
WANTED AT ONCE.
WANTED AT ONCE.
______ " •
A— WANTED — Girls to learn halrdrf-sln*. j
manicuring, etc.: trade taught from A to /
in 2 weeks- $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitiona to fill Immediately: positions guaran- |
teed at $10 per week up; lcallng school in
West. 233 Geary St.. room 13. _.
A— Girls to learn millinery now for spring sea-
son: both seasons taught Irom start to flnlsn
In 1 month for $10: positions as trl-imers.
salesladie*. etc., guaranteed at $10 per wk. up:
day and evening class. 143 Stockton.st.. r. 13.
A— LADIES to learn all branches halrdresslng
trade: manicuring, massage, etc. 1236 Mar-
ket St.. cor. Jones, room 9»; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve, class; call.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS: NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
PAID 8ALARY. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S
FACTORIES. 32^ FREMONT ST. AND 1373
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
WANTED — Young lady who Is a first-class mu-
sician and who can read music at sight. Ap-
ply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.'
WANTED — First-class lady demonstrator for
music department: must be perfect sight
reader. Apply to-day at II ALE'S music de-
partment, 10 to 12 a. m.
WANTED — A housekeeper by widower; four
children 5 to 10 years old; $15 per month
without washing. $20 with. Address P. O.
box 274. Haywards. Cal.
WANTED— Salesladies for gloves, ribbons,
hosiery and underwear. JOE ROSENBERG.
S1H Market at. > <
GIRL to learn typesetting; $3 50 week to start;
8«4 hours day: chance to work -up to first
position. 518 Commercial st.
WANTED — Experienced wrappers. MARK3
BROS., 1220 Market at. ____
WANTED — Girl to assist in office: wages |7
per week. Address box 3751. Call. _j
SALESLADY for bakery; must have experi-
ence. 1205 Polk at., near Sutter.
A COMPETENT girl for general housework
and cooking. 1075 Gough st.. comer Ellis.
FIRST-CLASS button-hole makers en vests.
230^ Ninth St., opposite Clementina.
3 SALESLADIES for stationery strre; wage*
$4. Call Branch, 2200 Flllmore st.
WANTED — Experienced glove aaleswoman:
also experienced lace saleswoman.- Apply be-
tween 0 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTEDr- Business '•woman for position nut
of city: must be neat and responsible. Op-
portunlty. box 3151, Cai». , •
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes « p. m. Wednesday: salary no object.
YOUNG girl to assist with housework and
cooking. 821 Larkln st.
WANTED— A tobacco stripper. 3172 Sixteenth
street.
GIRL for general housework: two In family
and child; wagea $20. 539 Scott st. :
FIRST-CLASS stenographers furnished. Mlsa
M. G. Barrett. Instructor. 302 Montgomery.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch offlce. cor. Duncan A Church a;s.
A BRANCH offlce or The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1003 Market »?.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
HELr WASTED— MALE.
AT PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
B20— SACRAMENTO ST.— 620.
Corner LeldesdorfT st. Phone Main 1191.
Coal miners. $1 day. New Mexico.
Chlco. Butte Co., shla to-ntght. half fare.
20 teamsters. *2 25 and $2 50: 3 miners,
north, $75: 2 farmers. *30 and found: cook,
small country hotel. $40; black— nith's help-
er, country; pantryman, city hotel. $17 5O
and found: 2 dishwashers, city, $25 and $»>.
5 coal miner*, north, $3 to $5 day.
Tunnel foreman, see boss here. $4 day.
MAN and wife, private family, $50 and found:
; Janitor. $55: 2 men to raise beana on shares;
rboreman, $20 and found: cook and wife.
$105 and found; baker, $15 week and found;.
rook, country. $75 . and found; oyster man.
$45 and found; second cook, country hotel.
$50 and fo-nd. and others. J. F. CROSETT
6 CO.. «?8 Sacramento st.
AT "E. A B." R. R. LABOR AGENCY.
633 Commercial st. Phone Front 39.
Ryndon. Nev. — Free Fare.
25 tunnel men $2SOa day
SO laborers and muckers. $2 to $2 23 a. day
NEW RAILROAD WORK.
70 nix and eight horse tfamstert, $2 50 a day
20 2 ana 4 horse teamster*. $2 to $2 25 a day
60 plow-holders and laborers, $2 25. $2 day
"E. A B." LABOR AGENCY.
C3S Commercial st. Phone Front 39.
6 COAL miner-, $1 per. ton; free fare. At Cal.
Emp. Agency, C9 Third st.
WANTED— For U. 8. army, able-bodied, un-
married men. between ages of 21 and 33. citi-
zens of Unlt*d State*, uf good character and
temperate habits, who pan speak, read and
write English. For Information apply to Re-
eruttlns Officer. R!alto building. New Mont,
goraery rt.. San Francisco, or Masonic build-
ing. Sacramento. Cal.
: a— L" ~ ' : _,
Men to learn the barber trade In two months
and secure good positions; catalogue and full
information mailed free. MOLER System
College. C35 Clay st. .
GOVERNMENT positions— Call at room 14.
fifth floor. SOS Larkln st.'. for tr*e Informa-
tion as to positions, salaries. ag« limits, ate;
0a y or evenings.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 CO per pair, foot-form shoes at $2 50. or
ortheped!c shces. $3 50; b*st shces on earth. 11
Third St.. Exam. hidg.. 6 doors from Market.
Cl/OTHING salesman; none but thoroughly
experienced men need araly. S. N. WOOD
• _ CO.. 740 Market st.
YOUNG man who I* an experienced 'bill clerk
wanted. Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at
HALE BROS.'
WILLING, honest man. outside and ofdoe:
! $250 w.iired: same collectlnz. Room 8. IS
Montgomery st. ;
WOULD like to buy a barber shop, not less
than three chairs, centrally located. Box
3750. Call offlce.
FIRST-CLASS ladles* tailor. H. KRAMER,
20 Sansnme n.
A GOOD istrcng boy to learn trade. Apply
at Cal. Last Factory, 27 Jessie st.
WANTED— A good carpenter. u«t_l to store.
fitting. Apply 245 Lorktn -t. .•
WANTED — Lunch waiter for small restaurant.
. L'."h."« Market St., near Sixteenth.
BARBERS— 2-chalr shop'for sale; snap if sold
by Thursday. 1»<4 Polk st - .
2-CHAIR barber rhop: town of SCO. For par-
ticulars. H. E. HART, GuemeviHe. Cal.
"BARBERS — Best 4-chalr barber s,hoi> for sale:
In the finest location In - the city. Inquire
H. BERNART..104 Seventh »t.
EITHER sex: canvassers: $2 CO per day guar-
onteed; $1000 per year and expenses: general
agent.- YOWELL. room 221. The Oaks.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair: foot-form shoes at $2 50: w*-p_y
. express or mall charges. 11 3d st.. Exam. bid.
FOR sale — Barber shop: bargain. 2321 Ala-
meda ave., Alameda. I,
FOR sale — 1 barber chair, 4 oak sitting. 1 mir-
ror, boiler, pole; cfieap. 303 Vj • Broderlck.
SEAMEN for Australia and Europe; also green
hands for whaling. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
MEN to learn barbe.r trade; catalogue mailed.
S.- F. Barber School. 741 A Howard at.
TENSION atty.. E. A.JBuliis. room 40 Phelan
bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Poit.O.A.R.
MeDONALD -ft PERRY have a lane stock of
new anJ second-hand shoes; cheap.; 233 3d it.
j l!pi)GI\«3 IIOrSK.S I-'Olt S\1>K Con. |
[MAHIOX GlilFFIX." • MARION GRIFFIN.] j
[MARION GRIFFIN.]
[MARION GRIFFIN. . MARION GRIFFIN.]
[Room 40G*K>:anilner BldR.] .
riicne Black 3C07. Take elevator to 4th floor.
CO ROOMS.
B!_r Hat; near Market: $U50; 2-year lease;
Hfctric lights; good lookinc house; rent *40;
I full of rcomerc.
! i APARTMENT IIOCSE.
i Barpa!n; fir^t-class, nreproof, modern house
of 177 room i; new buildins: elegantly fur-
. n;6hed; low rent; leaee; clears $C50 per month.
*1COO. ' • „
1 30 roomii in apartments: bargain at S.OCO:
will bpIi for $1C(M>: owner must liave change of
climate; Income $JW>: rent $«i0: easy terms. - .
[100-ROOM HOTEL.]
HandEeme corner house; private baths; nplen-
did furniture; 6-year lease; modern in every
department; ?Oectric elevator: heart trouble.
ICLEARED $307 IN NOVEMBER.]
6.1-room oorrer rooming-house: accounts are
kept; nice, respectable; applicants waiting.
121 ROOMS— CL.KARS *175.]
Hl*h class house; downtown: furnished 3
months ago with the l<e»t-of everj'thtng.
t-50 ROOMS— * 1000.)
Sunlit apartments: rent $ti0; corner: owner
must change climate: terms, one-third down.
[ELEGANT HOUSE.]
20 rcoms on Golden Gate ave.; house built
one year ago; elegantly furnished in mahogany
I and oak: fine Brussels carpets; Income $111
I over rent- othor Important rauses sale.
i [8:'.-ROOM HOTEL]
1 Must be scld; reduced from $SCOO to $0.",00;
! fine bur.
I A— $30110; PRIVATK boarding-house, with 4U
i «legantly furnished rooms, on Van Ness ave.:
! rooms always occupied and flrst-claas patron-
i age. See H. G. AVILKE. 20^ Kearny St.
I A SNAP; 2 rooming-houses for sale cheap; one
20 rooms ami one ."U rooms. 3'J3 Sixth st.
SPIRITUALISM.
ETHEL CRINDL.E— Materiallzlnc seancts
Wrdnepday, Friday and Sunday evea.; 00c. i
j K!S Ellis; S o'clock. I
j PROF. Fred P. Evans, noted psychic for slate- |
writing- and clairvoyance: stamp for circular. :
1112 Eddy ft., nr. Octavia ; phone Scott SS7.
EDWARD EA«LE. 1052 Ellis, readings dally.
0:30 to 4: seances Sunday and Thursday.
~ CLAIRVOYASTS.
A— PAUL^ DESTINE,
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist E\er in San Francisco.
Read Carefully. An Honeaf Proposition.
No Charge. . No Charg*
you obtain the information for which
you consult me.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make.no charge if I fall to tell your name, oc-
cupation and what you calleJ for; I promise to
tell you if husband, wife or sweetheart is true
or false; tell who and when you will marry; In
fact I will tell every hope, fear or ambition
tetter than you can tell yourself; I reunite th«
Eeparated restore lost affections, cause speedy
and happy marriage, give you good luck, re-
store lost energy; 10 a. m. to 8 p. ro.: Sun. 2-6.
326 O'Farrell St.; low fee thla week— 11. $1. $1.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third et.. next Examiner
bldg.; she reads your life correctly, gives _n
accurate description of the past, reveal* the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur In the future; If you are in trouble,
discontented or not satlstled In life, or have
domestic, love or business troubles, consult
this great medium and you will b« told how I
to overcome them; valuable advice in nil af-
fairs of life; 25c up; gatlsfactlon guaran-
teed; readings by mall. Tel. Black 4568.
REAR ADMIRAL GREER. if. S.' N..
Says: "Mme. Llvorno demonstrated my
character and career In a won'ierrul man-
ner." . v
trl-V-O-R-N-O.
•THE WORLD RENOWNED PALMIST
AND CRYSTAL GAZER.'
34 KEARNY ST. \
Over Hammersmltfi &. Field's. T^el Black 2435/
£4TSee portrait of Mme. Livorno and original
testimonials at entrance. Three questions by
mail. $1. Send month and year of birth.
1SMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 110* Market
! st., cor. Turk; private readlnrs dally, 10 a.
tn. to %> p. in.: readings by mall as satlsfae-
! t cry as in person; 3 questions answered. $1:
' full liff. $5: send lock of hair, date and year
' of birth: don't send currency. Send postofflce.
' Weils-Fa rgo money order or registered letter.
i MRS. A. H. KROXEKBERG, palmist, clclr-
j voyant, card reader: when others fall try n\t".
good reading 10c. 721 Franklin, nr. G. G. aVs
, i . , _
, i MME. VEINA. wonderful trance medium and
card reader; just returned from long ab-
sence. 400 Geary, near Mason, room 1.
A — Mme. Ravenna rtads life, business advice;
names given; 25c up. S 4th St.. near Market.
I i MRS. BROWN, clalrvcyant. card reader, re-
j movwl from 132 Ctli to 23>4 Cth; la. 25c, g. COc.
i ' MISS ZElirAR, young gifted clalr. and palm.;
I 1 .names; L. S0c:G.$l. 7H Franklin.nr.G.G.ave.
! ¦ OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
26H Kearny. room 20; ladies 25c. gents tOc.
' MRS. SIIAFER. clairvoyant, card reader: «tt- p
J tlngg dally. 44«H Jessie St.. b«t. Sth and 6th.
I ———~—— ~»~—— »——————————— i — — — — « — ¦— q— — i
j CAKPKTIIKATINCpA^ CKEAXIXG.
j AIR compreeaed, dry. Ice cold, is, now unlver-
, : sally used in sanitary cleaning carpets, on
,i floor, without removal or Injury; prices mod-
erate. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIH
CLEANING CO.. Call bid.; phone Main 5237.
. WHEN you become disgusted with your work
i rend for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
! Ing Works 355-357 Tehama *t. ; tel. Bouth 40.
I — ¦ ¦
( TRY Hopke Bros.; carpet beating: mattresses
' made ov*r. 1432 Howard; tel. South 216.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Work*. 1809 Har- '
rison St.: Al cleaning; 3cj tel. Mission 223.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J. McQueen,
proprietor. 329 Guerrero ( st.. tel. Mission 4S>'.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.'
tel. Main 33*. OEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop*.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; price*
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. : tel. Mission 203.
CONK LIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
XXt Oolden Oat- ave.; t»1»T>hon«» Kant 12B.
CREDIT CLOTHICaS.
._-» A
1 C. F. ADAMS CO.
1 SPECIAL. CRF.DIT STORE.
We clothe the whole famil/ from hats to
1 thoeit; everything up to date at cash prices.
1 Credit for ail. 318 Mascrt St.
i BUY your suits and overcoats at LICHTEN-
i STEIN BROS.. 25 Stockton st.. on small
i weekly payments; goods delivered on first
i rayment. > ¦
J _- CUBES BUPTTTBE. ;
[ WHO DOES ITT HUNTER. 1200 Market St.
[ i Send for circular. Why will you suffer!
! DliSTISTS.
• 1JR~GRUSS. B04-5-6 Callagh^'bldg?_^Market
i and McAllister st*.. uses the Basford Obtun.
dtr. the only device ever invented for grind-
Ing, drilling and excavating teeth absolutely
> without pain. For demonstration and proot
I call at offlce. .
[ DR. LUDLUM HILLfUia Market. nr.Eleventh
; — No charge for extracting when plates ar«
, made: old plates made over like new; teetb
) from $S per set: extracting 50c; gas given.
' A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs; crown, $3 CO; fllllnga, 50c;
plates. $5: full set; all work painless and war.
ranter). Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
A. ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon dentist, '
room 14, Phelan building. San Francisco.
) PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth $1 CO up; crowns $2 up; filling* 25c.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver. 35c; crowps. $2; no
pain: open Sunday. Dr.O.B.HewIit.204 Sutter.
DHESSUAKKHS AXD SEAMSTRBSSKS
• ACCORDION, sunburst'* knife plaiting. Stew-
• art'* button tt buttonhole factory. llos_*aylor
. , 2
i McDOWELL Dressmaking/^ Milljnery School—
> ) Patterns cut to tnea.»ur*»:eve.clas!i. 1010 Mr'kt.
» : _- •¦ apy CAjrioyAL,. >•/;'• ' ' '
I HBALU'S "BUSINESS COLLEGeT 2TpOST\ "sV
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing.
; languages, telegraphy, English branches; day
i and nicht cessions; Illustrated catalogue free.
, AYRES. the leading bueine«s college. 723 Mar-
ket st.; special summer course In all depart-
¦ ments; handsome catalogue free: life scholar-
' ' t hip. f 50; day and evening sessions.
_ CALIFORNIA Business College, 303 Larkin at.
, "A thorough , school" ; positions - secured Iqr
graduates;v modern methods: Individual In-
struction. Write for illustrated" catalogue. .
| HINMAN'S Academy: a thorough school of
, riancing; established 20 years.- 1412 Polk St..
. between Pine and California; both adult and
' children's classes are now open for the season.
'. THE Lyceum, an accredltfd preparatory school
' for the university, lay and, medical colleges;
' ' ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford profea-;
I rax: day. nnd evening nessions.:; Phelan b'.dk.
. A— SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 123U
: Market et. — Practical, progressive,-; reliable;
j day and evening sessions; write for catalogue.
' ENGINKERING— Civil, elec. tnln.. mecn. *ur-
1 vey, assay, cyanide; day, e\\: e«t. 1864. Van
der Nalll«n School. 113 Kulton. nr. City Hail.
[ ! It. DEL1NESTRI. 701 Stockton St.. gives les-
;j sons In wood-carving (figure and ornament)
' to any lady or gentleman at litr.or his home.
EUGENE DE FOREST SCHOOL OF ACTING.
; . Saratoga Hall. 840 Geary st.: call 2 to 5.
' SCHOOL OK ILLUSTRATION... ...... Day and
•- TARTIXGTON'S. 421 Pine St.... Nicht class*
U 4 © ITIT To Want Ad
/ »4 ¥m _fl S_L _1 Xn_l _L
' I * ull Ulluf
Washington to Roosevelt
PUBLISHER'S ANNOUMCEMENT.
THE STTWDAY OAZ.Ii has completed an arrangement whereby lti Want
Advertisers may oTitaln without additional cost a full size copy of the
- - famous group picture of (Hi the Presidents of the United. States. '
A Genuine Photogravure Reproduction From the
Original Oil Painting. Full Size of Photogravure
16x20 inches. Copyrighted 1901. Ail Rights Reserved
Presidents of the United States.
ARTISTIC. PATRIOTIC. HISTORIC.
Every art lover and every patriotic American should own this magnifi-
cent photogravure reproduction from the famous oil painting.
The Portraits of the Presidents^ '
Were painted from the most authentic originals, and in point of expres-
sion and fidelity in the matter of dress each is a masterpiece. In the back-
grounds are
Fourteen Typical Scenes in American History
Beginning with the Lilierty Bell, as if sounding the note of American In-
dependence, and closing with Admiral Dewey's Victory at Manila, while
over all are draped the graceful folds of the Stars and Stripes. The pic-
ture is reproduced by the photogravure process on the finest quality of
heavy 'plate paper and is not a cheap steel engraving.
GIVEN AW AT TO AX.Z* WANT ADVEBTISERS IN TES
NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
J ' Brlnar your little Wont Ad. to The Call Business Office, Third and
Market streets; 1008 Market street, city, and to The Call Branch at
1118 Broadway, Oakland, and cret one ofc these beautiful premiums
absolutely free. ,
This offer opens Friday morning- and closes Saturday nisrht et 10
o'clock sharp. ;
IN THESE COLUMNS YOU CAN SELL YOTJB WABES AND
GAIN YOTJB WANTS.
THE^CAMi
JOEZT Z3. S??.ZCKELS, Proprietor.
if cms LTEgiairaiEsn JPii ksxaugh?. Manager
W. J. 2IAHTXN Kusir.pss Manacer.
TELEPHONIi
«.»k lor rim CALL, "the O.ier-lor Will Coa
ii«-ct Vcu \V.:h t'.ie Depart— eat You Wish.
J'^ijlicaticn Offlre Market and Third. P. F.
i:>)!-.or;al J'ctnis 217 to 221 «te~ HMCB *-•
I'Cisvered by Carrier?. SO Ctr. P«r Week. 73
CtF. Per Month. ISlr.gie Coji>s S Cents. J
Tfrrr.s t>- BXafl. l;-.c!i!<Jln« Pousse tCssh With
T.MLY CALL <!nr'.u'J. .^utiliay). 1 Year $S.O0
J.'AILY CALL Urc'.ud. Sunday). C im» 4«>0
IJA1LY CALL— liy Sirgle Month 7-c
M'NPAY CALL. 1 Year 2.5l>
U*EEKX.T7cAL_, 1 Year J l>0
FOREIGN I ll-By.V-fa.SO »Vr Year Kxtra
l-ci^-V-.- tu::d»j.. 4.15 P-r Year Kxtra
t'OSTAOK j xvee-ly" L«0 Per Year Kxtra
ALL rCETMASTERS AHR AUT1IORIZEL
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS,
ttirjle Copies vili \ie fcrwa.-JeU when re-
quested.
Ma!l r-cbycribe— t In ordering change of_ ei-
<ress rhould be panirular to give both NEW
AND OLIj AUljHn?.S in order to insure a
I-rorrpt and correc* oomi>liance with their re-
I_UU'..
OAKUND OFFICE.
HIS Droadwa; Telephone Main 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE. \
ntS Center Street Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT :_
ilCRTON K. CRANE 1406 G Street. N. W .
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -Astoria Hotel; A. Breritano. 31
Union Squar*: Murray Jlill Hotel; Flfth-ave-
nue Hotel rr.J IIotT~i&n House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.: Great
Northern Hotel; Trcmont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROUNKPS. ..Marquette Bul'.Jlng
(Long Distance IVlrphone. "Central 2t51».">
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
FTEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
ICEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTOX Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
CaM. corner Market and Third etreets: open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
KCS Market etreet; o;>eti until 11 p. m.
tl" Montgomery street, corner Clay; open un-
til 8:30 d. m.
roo Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
«3» MrAJlister Mre*t; open until 9:30 p. m.
3941 Mission ttrwt; op«i until 10 p. m.
«15 Larkln street; open until fl:30 v- m-
r2Cl Market etreet, corner Sixteenth; open un-
til 9 o. — i.
:n« Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m.
jrs« Valencia street; cpm until 9 p. m.
Northeast rorcer Church and Duncan streets;
<-p*n until V d. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky rtre*ts; open until i> p. m.
~y*> FfM— "-vro r tn »ot : fw" iwifi «> r> t-.
CHURCH «F.n%lCP.!l,
K\ANGELISTS McCLURE from Ireland and
Blair from Australia will hold si>eclal meet-
ings ever}' evening this wefk at 7:*5 at
Oospel Hall. .'Wflt; tt.. near Valen-
cia. Everjbody cordially invited. No col-
MEETINGS THEOSOPHICAL.
Seer Egyptian. Hindco occult; reads dally; clr-
rUt W»d..Frl..Pun.. 8 p.m.; 10c. 540 Ellis st.
UEETI.\G .\OTICES. .
CALIFORNIA Lodz* of Perfection No. _
1i». A. and A.. t<. U.. «25 Satter «. —
«'allfd meotirus ~H'S (WEDNF.S-
DAY) EVENING/ at 7:.W o'clock.
Fifth dejrr«*. , All "brethren cf the rite cor-
dially invited. By order of the V. M.
CHAS. J ELLIN EK. Secretary.
CROCKETT Lodge No. 130. F. «nd A. fi
M.— nrst Derr<=* THIS iWEDXES-Vy
DAT) EVENING ct 7 :30 o'clock. 15> />T\
• rder of the Maptn.
R. H. McPHERSON, Secretan'.
HJJESIOK Ixjdgr- No. 1C». F. and A. M. _
—Called meeting THIS i\VEDNE.S-yy
DAY) BXtSStXtK at 7:.J(t o'clock.
Third degree. Th»*re will h* no meet-
ing in the afternoon. By oriW of the W. M.
It. E. ALLAN, Secretary.
MACHINISTS No. C<i— The election for presl-
dent will take plar^ THIS (WEDNESDAY)
EVENING. Dec. B, _t 8::5O. All members
Ij'.ea«e _ttend.
L. L. GUMMOW, Secretary.
AUE.NTS WANTED.
AGENTS notice — A Job-lot of Xmas book*. 15c
each; e*II lor SI. Semi 25c for eamplt; copy.
Hootr. 312, 708 Markr-t st.. S. F.. Cal.
AT1 > OIINE\ S-AT-LA W.
W. H. BITTNER.
ATTORNEY AND COUNSELOR AT LAW.
Advice free, l'rjone South 743.
Suite .'.'--. Emma hpreckels building.
Divorces quietly and legally ol;t_ineU for
Wght causes; damages recurcd for Injuries^to
|,-erton or estate; replevins for fr'-perty un-
lawfully detained: attachments and garnish-
ments tor dtbts; bouds furnished; bankruptcy
jTOC*«ilngs; wills probated; estate,, fettled;
collections made In all parts of the U. 8.
X PRIVATE. <ju!ck divorce for a j-mall fee.
Bee me end save money; no pay in advance.
. G. W. HOWE. ATTOUNEY-AT-!_VW.
Established 22 yr-.; rms. 1. 2, 3. 4 & 8. 1st fl.
1122 Market tt.. between Mason and Taylor.
A4vice free, all matters. Detectives employed.
AA— THE Legal Ai'.isory. Inc.; i-elitble attor-
neys; practice in all courts: attachments, di-
vorce, estates, bankruptcy, probate. 511.
MIA. 6I1B Crwtey bldg.. NE. cor. New
Montiso— lery -and Mission sts.: t»I. Jr hn 2«2dL-
R. tv. KINO. Attorney-at-Law. Exam bldg.
Cth floor, entrance room Oil: established 20
years: all case*; general court and offlce
practice; no fee In advance or for consulta-
tion; evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
ADVICE free — I will advance c<nt In meritori-
ous cases, divorce*, probate and all other lair
cases: no fees in advance; open every evt-n-
iag. 3. M. THURSTON. 81» Market St.. r. 31.
S ADVICE FREE. ~
Columbian Law ar.d Collection Agency,
Room 85, !)1(J Market Ft.; tel. John G226.
DIVORCE coetM $12; quick and quiet: open
•venlnge. Examiner building, room 315.
DIVORCE costs S22; open evenings; tenants
e.'erted. >5. D1C Market. r.C2:phone Black 651.
XMVOKCE — Costs, $12; quirk, quiet: advice
fre*; open evenings. 027 Market «t., r. 301.
L. 6. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 027 Mar-
kn et. ; consultation frre; no fees l.i advance,
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful: all
!iw buyinoy?. W. W. Davldnon. 027 Market.
niRDS, DOCS. ETC.
WARBLING canaries, talking parrots; all
kinds of song and fancy bird*: goldfish, seed
cages, etc. Give u* a trial; we will please
you. IMS Market st.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
HAD tenants ejected for S4; collections made;
oltr or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 8-10: tcL &5S0.
DLSIXESS CHAXCES.
6TP.ANGERS. ATTENTION! ~~
Are you looking for a safe and profitable busi-
ness opening In Fan Francisco? If so, we can
offer you iiny n-Jinber requiring an investment
from $100 to SSO.OCO; every business oppor-
tunity that pareea through our offlce must
flaod the r]osrst Investigation, and we can
rlace you In a etore. factory, hotel, mill, of-
flc*. or, in fact, any business you may prefer;
kindly call and Investigate.
GRRMAXIA INVESTMENT CO..
Suit 321, Emma Spreckels building.
A^ MERCHANTS. ATTENTION. '
Do you wish to enlarge your bu*!n»s*. or do
:• < '; 4ecire addlt<cnal capital? If eo. we can
fum!«h >-ou with an active or silent partner
«ho will invst from $100 to $50,000: we
t:ave a larr^ number of desirable applicants
tn cur bocks seeking Rood business openings
GEP.MANIA INVESTMENT CO..
' *>uit 321. Emma Ppreckels building.
mil rale <r to lease for term of years; well-
knorvn ertablishcd health resort In Lake Co.,
¦nd'tding 'M furnished rooms, barn. »»voral
valunble minernl springs, plenty fresh water:
property is 5 minutes' walk from Bartlett
yprinR* Hotel. «:_» at 11») McAllister «t. to
?te owner, or eddrere. with reffrencs, MRS.
HOPPIN. l!artl"tt Kprings. Cnl.
(A Rare Opportunity.
BtTYS fancy -cods and picture Mere; old
ab!l*h»-d. «Jt!inir Lurlnevs of $4flC0 a year-
; bargain. H«n> MU11RAY 4. CO.. 'J7^
cad way. Oakland.
fTED— Steady yoans tcbh wUh «:J5o!
•tner: will establish pood business; S-tO ji
'k erA ever cuarantee^; rare chance.
"KRAY & CO.. !)72 i!roa<Jv.-.ty, Oakland.
G«; I!«L. cf furnished t>nd unfurnished
!f»« nr<l vtrrrr. riftmiig-Yttniiwii and l>u*l-
* (.-tmncm: nil prk"**- MONTGOMKUY A:
LLEY, 1C5 Telvurfvh ave. Oakland.
VORKINOMAN'S tx_rdirj;-hou«e: good lo-
:!cn: Inn retit: «teady DcarJers. r.o ajrcnis.
x ?Slfl Ca'.l office
•TED — 7Jrujr Ftnre . in' ceur.q-y town; not
•r jK«O. 1*21. Jlatte tU, Perkclvy.
Leading KnSS _«»? Z*^ *£T«r.
SSAf«f£ 6O.C W men wor_.
| ARIZONA, close to PRESCOTT ?».
OREGON— FREE fA«**-
COAL MINERS. $:l to $.» ».?.?>• ,,,, . ,
Paatrv man. country h^tel * ¦* g ** found.
S»ri P^ AB^ d KT ufterer ' a.l-roura painter.
y- 5o.
2 coa«m aker^. $5 per cc«t.
OLD MEXICO— FREE FAR-..
•/srriare trimmer, boss here.
Gang ed,em,an. lumber co.. n °; th - 1 f;?* > f<L
Man and wife cook and waiter, citj.
Tlnsm.th. %.-, to $3 50 (Ur-
For»mnn orchard and vineyard.
Sticker and matcher hand. $3 a day.
GOOD MINES.
Machine drillers. $00.
<:iiuck tenders $C7 50.
Etnrle-ltaad minfi-, $70.
Amalgamators t5H)
BO mucktrs. $G7 V v .
German cook and wife, eour.try nrvtel
kitchen. $.V> and found. _,„„ , n
Bellboy. count--. $15- tlmberman. **- 30.
2 beys learn machine trade *5 smi »¦» ween.
MURRAY & READY. fcU-63l^Clay_»^^
BLACKSMITH. "coTmTr7 «hop. tnro :>0c. $2 50.
Blacksmith helper. 3hop, countO'. I 2 -
Se?on«l cake baker, cl:y $15.
Sticker and matcher hand country, $3 50
day.
Butcher, slaughter, ranch. ea*y job, $30 fd.
Cook, small hotel, fare ::0e $-"^i ar.J found.
Married milker, south $10* and litu<>e. *¦_.
MURRAY & READY. 634 -CW Clay »t.
WHY pay big prices to have your shoes nalf-
', soled when you can get It done for :15c. 50o
; and COc while you wait at 5f« Mission »t..
; bet. 1st and 2d sts.. or n Third st. ?
i WANTED— Fcr U. S. Marina Corps. abi«-
bodleJ unmarried men. between 21 and 35:
gocd character; must jc^ak, read and writ*
English; marines «»rve at s«» on men-of-
war in all parts of the world, on land In our
islaml possessions, and at naval stations In
the l.'nlted State*. Aprly at recruiting of-
fice. 40 Ellis' "t.. San Kranclsco. Ca!.. and
401 K »t.. Sacramento. Cal.
IF you are not satisfied with your salary, we
have an opening whereby you can earn legiti-
mately $40 weekly: gentlemanly occupation;
good addr-ss. business knowledge necessary.
Royal Mercantile Co.. suite 19. Columbian bid.
WANTED — An all around bookbinder; one whi>
can da forwarding and finishing on full
bounds. Appiy SANBORN. VAIL A CO..
Tit Market st.
A PLEASANT faced, fine appearing, good sur-
geon- positively no other; must be between
40 and 55 and good case taker; no traveling;
¦alary about $150. Box 4717. Call offlce.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, haa
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third st. : 250 rooms; 25c to SOc per night.
PENSION ATTY., M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis st.; 14
years' practice: references from thousands o.
persons for whom I have secured pensions.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket 700 rooms. 35c night; reading rooms;
free "bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the recea-
t!on of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 100H Market at., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
ALL sl»«s men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
pric?. &e3 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting: 25o
to SOc. K6T. Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
ilOIlSES AMD WAGONS.
HARNESS and saddles, the best for the money,
at JEPSETN BROS. CO.. Inc.. th» big store.
1143-1147 Market st., San Francisco.
MAN* wanted to buy low-set wagon, suitable
for carpenter. 843 Howard st.
MUST sell oo'n rubber-tired hack, la best
condition ; $250. 1327 Pierce st.
MUST b? sold at sacrifice; S good horses.
S27 Sixth st.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
and go-cart for sale cheap. 532 Mission st —
Largest assortmt 2-band wagons, bucieb'd. sur-
rey. harness. work.drlvlng horses. 15th- Valencia
HOUSES TO LET.
A PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMESEN & CO.. 14 Mc_;gomery.
A HOUSES and fiats to let: an Immense list:
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; It will sava you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. "15-239 Geary
¦t.. on the square.
BEFORE moving pet our printed list o? house*
to let. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Post »t.
' LOST AXD FOLWD.
LOST — $25 reward for return cf 5x4 Eastman
kodak lost on Southern Pacific Stockton local
Oakland, and Oaklnnd mole: same contains
films which are valuable to the owner. WIL-
SON-LYON & CO.. 2C0 Market St.. San Fran-
cisco^
LOST— December 4, tin trunk, oval top. bet.
ferry and lt» Commercial st. ; name on trunlc
"Mis* D. Eckert": Information leading to
recovery of same will be suitably rewarded.
MARTIN DF.LY CO.. 1C Commercial st.
LOST— On Market, below Western National
Bank, a certificate of deposit on above bank,
payable to S. M. OREAR. Leave at tha
bank and receive reward.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter St.. ne«ds old
gold and silver tn make new watch cases.
~^ MEDICAL.
MRS DR WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints; instant relief guaranteed; 30
years' experience; removed to 826 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; fnstant r*-
llef guaranteed. 100SH Market st.. opp. Sth.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. — All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on femala
complaints: positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice-free. Offlce. 101S Market st.
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk, nr. Van Nessi — Expert
In obstetric*, female complaints; lnst. relief;
treatment $10; hours. 10 to 5: 25 years exper.
MRS. D. ALLEN. HIS Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist : a private home, before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
A maternity villa: private: secluded; confiden-
tial. Dr. E. Funke. 1418 Eighth st.. Alameda.
DR. ROSEN resides 2993 Folscnt St.. corner
2Cth: ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market st.
DR. NO TOY KEE. 319 Powell st.. oppostte
Union square; all disease* cured by herbs.
MILLIXERY.
LADIES— 2C0 stylish hats to select front: leas*
sold: must vacate February 1. 19O4: sav*
money by calling on MME. DOSCH. 207 Post.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALS.
BOILERS, engine*. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH A WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair It with clatertte: In roll* easy to lay; -;
. needs no painting or coating; good over old
Iron, tin or shingles: best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 71.-. Market st.
FOR sale — 32.1 laying hens. 220 chicks 2 months
old. 50 pigeons, 3 incubators, 3 brooders.
hor<e. wagon, buggy. 2 »ta harness, working
Implements, etc: place for rent. Inquire
LENGEMAN'S grocery. «th ave. S. and L st.
FOR sale — First-clays city paper route on
Los Angeles Tlmea; will sell cheap: owner
going East. Inquire 049 Cornwcll St., Los
Angeles. Cal.
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps.
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., bought, sold.
rented nnd exchanged; see Sunday papers.
II. S. WHITE MCH'Y CO.. 130-132 Beale at.
A — Fine suits. $7 CO; dress pants. $2 50. Origi-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlor*. S.'.S Kearny si..
near »iush; open to tt p. m.. Sunday to noon.
A — BCTS. sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulley*.
«tc. WHITELAW. 233-235 Spear »t.
TTPEWRITERS, slightly used, sold at cost;
new Underwcod visible typewriter catalog
sent free. R. E. Reralk A Co.. San Francisco.
TRY our men's kboea at $1 and SI 50 pair*
foot-form shoes at $2 SO: we pay express
charges. 11 3d St.. Exam, bid.; catalog, free.
ALTERATION sale— B»st $2 3O hats. $1 3O.
Popular Price Hatter. 330 Kearny st.. near
Pine: open. to 9 p. m. : Sunday* to noon.
DISPOSING of Wltte caa engines; 2 H. P.. 20
If. P.: attractive cnc«-«. The Tracy Engi-
neering Co.. 151 Fremont st.. S. F.
TWO jjbcn cases to b<* sold at ones. JOE
• ROSENBERG. Sl« Maiket st.
BEAUTIFUL thoroughbred English spanieL
pups. 0 weeks eld. $3 and $10. i:w Folaom st.
SOME good second-hand gasolln? engines, 1 to
12 H. P.. cheap. E. B. Begfc A Co.. 122 Mkt.'
SLOT machines cheap: Chicago's] Twentieth
Centuries. Pucks. DACIOALUPI. SM3 Market.
FINE steam automobile: flrst-clajs cider. 3_O
Lyon st.
DESKS and safes; see the complete line at 1914
. Market, ab. Van News. RICHARDSON BRO9.
Prlntlcg office. 3 C.*P. presses, motor, eutter
.type, fixtures; dote* good buslne-u SMfl. Cau!Guy H. and Bessie T. Stokes to Mary S-
Stckes (widow), lot on 8 line of Dwight way.
1C0 E of Dana atreet. E 50 by S 134:6, lot 6,
block I. Leonard Tract, Berkeley: $100.
Mary C. Birker (by J. L. Barker, attorney)
and James L. Barker and Grace E. and W. J.
Mortimer to Emma O. Mentz. N 45 feet of lota
13 and 14, block 1. amended map of portion of
La Loma Park- and Wheeler Tract. Berkeley,
deed and' agreement; $10.
Henry 2. and Sarah M. Jones to Jesse v .
Mattcaon, lot 47, Galindo Tract, Brooklyn
Township: $10.
Malinda C. Skelton (widow) to Emtla Adet.
lot on N line of Pacific avenue. 60 W of St.
Charles street. W 94:11 by N 150. lots 2 and 3.
block L. property of Columbus Bartlett, near
Mastick station. Alameda; $10.
Theresa A. and N. B. Bowers to Frederick
W. Cuthbertson, lot on E line of Regent street.
60.60 S of Crist. S 36.13 by E 143.«, lot 14.
Crist Tract, Alameda: $10.
Mary A. Solomon (widow) to Benjamin F.
and John II. Solomon, lot on E line of Tele
graph avenue 100 S of Birch street, S 20. 13
100 S 30 E 34. N 50. W 134. belnar fraction
of lot 20. ma? Temescal Park. Oakland; also
lot on E line of Telegraph avenue. 10O 8 of
Temescal avenue. E 100 by- N 29, portion lot
5, map same. Oakland; Kift.
John Mullen to Catherine Mullen (wife). lot
on N line of Forty-iixth street. 890 E of
Grove. N 50. E to W line of Shattuck street.
S to N line of Forty-sixth. W to beginning, lot
23. block 2111 Alden Tract at Temescal. Oak
land: $500.
Abigail V. and Jcaeph Graves (husband) to
Rebecca A. Pratt (wife of -Howard S.). lot
19 and NE & feet of lot 18, belns a strip of
5 feet wide parallel with dividing line of lots
18 and 19, block G. map of blocks
G and H. Flint Tract, etc.. Oakland: $10.
Thomas and Emaline Shorter (wife) to Wil
liam C Hodges lots on Clinton street, 50 by
100, be'lng lots 9 and 10, block K. Clinton.
East Oakland: SSOO.
''Oscar Barrelle to Sarah J. Barrclle, lot on
SW line of East Fifteenth street. i:«J NW of
Eleventh avenue. NW 50 by SW ISO, lot 19.
and portions of lots 19 and 20, block 61. Clin
ton,. East Oakland: gift.
R A. and Florence E. Berry (wife) to Bea
trice A. R. Stocker Ulngle). lot on S line of
Prince street. 230 E of Wheeler. E CO by 9 133.
lot 6. block C. map portion of Woolsey Tract,
Berkeley; $10.
Thomas Hart (widower) to John Hart (wid
ower) lot on K line of Dana street. 524 N of
Bancroft way, E 1.17. N to S line of University
avenue. NW to E line of Dana street. 9 30 to
beginning, portion of lot S, Villa Lets, adjoin
ing university on south. Berkeley; $10.
Sarah E. Stevens (widow) to Joseph J. Riv
ers, lot on W line cf Shattuck avenue. 210 N
of Vine street. N 30 by W 135. portion of lot
13, block 1. Graves and Taylor Tract, Berke
ley: »10.
William C. and Helen W. Pond to Quon Jee.
subdivisions A and B in lot 9. block 795, map
No. 2. Watt» Tract. Oakland; $10.
Hannah Conroy (widow) to Sam and Dora,
Crokner. lot on E line of West street. 25 8
of Seventeenth. 3 25 by E 90. portion lot 4.
block F A. mas of property of North Oak
land Homestead Association. X'D. 784, Oak
land; flO.
Josephine L. and Charles F. Glrard to Wal
ter V Harrington and Michael A. Mclnnla,
lot on S line of Twelfth street. 84:8 W of
Alice W 2S by S 100. block IB2. same, Oak
land: 910.
Alameda County.
BEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,^WEDNESDXY; DECEMBER: '9; "1903..
15
REAL ESTATiE--iCITY-— FOR' SALE.
?^nr~MADiSON & ? EURKE. "^^'^^^^l
» ,:•¦ ; 3 , c l ¦ MontgQmer>-| St.
'"';'- AUCTION.'^ '•
:•; ' ' •• f ".?¦'* auction. r i
AUCTION. . j
WEDNESDAY, Dec. 10. 1003, at 12 o'clock ML
PACIFIC-ST.. BUSINESS PROPERTY. \l
Xos. 526 to 528 Pacific st. and Nos. 2 and C
St. Charles place In. rear; 2-story-i brick bulld^
ing of 3 stores on Pacific st. and- tenements in
rear; Paciflc-st building under lease to one
tenant; tbia. location is improving in value
rapidly. •:
Annual rent $2016; lot 47:10x137:6 to rear st:
CHOICE MISSION.. RESIDENCE. ; i
No. CDFalr Oaks St.. bet.. 21st and 22d; In
the very- warm belt of Mission; thoroughly well
built, ' containing 9 rooms, 2 baths and large
basement, with storerooms, etc.; extremely 'sun-
ny; lot 01x117:0 to alley. t
" -FINE 'CORNER' FLATS. '
Southeast Jackson and Broderick; 3 flats and
.10-rpom house; modern and well built.
Rent $207,50 per month: lot 27:6x100. ,'*
INSIDE UNION-ST. RESIDENCE.- i
. No. It27r Union' St., .bet. Taylor' and .Jones;
containing 10 rooms- and""balh; ''only few min>
utes from -business center. ..'.'¦;-¦ ;
Lot 27:0x120. ¦;
•¦ t SACRAMENTO-ST. RESIDENCE.' ¦•
No. 2624 Sacramento, bet. Stelner and Pierce
sts.; choice location for home; close to Fill-
more st.: car facilities are best. -
Lot 26x103. ¦ :^'?'£'-"i*?i
SIXTEENTH-ST LOT. ' J
North line of SIxtenth st.. bet. Church and
Sanchez; 2 fine building lots.*. .' .
Size 50x95. - ' ;. „;
CHURCH -ST\ LOT. 4 "•' ,7
West line Church st; bet. Fifteenth and Six-
teenth; double building lot.
Size 50x125.'
. . INSIDE INVESTMENT. •• V
Nos. 1410. 1412 and- 1414- Kearny. st.. near
Union; houses and flats; always rented; yearly *
rents *79S. . .
Lot 50x137:0.
INSIDE JACKSON-ST. CORNER.
Nos. SC}«', 810 Jackson st.. cor. Bedford place,
bet. Stockton' and Powell sts.; grand location
for flats.
Lot 04:6x117:6.
POLK-ST. INVESTMENT.
Nos. 2031 and 2035 Polk st.. bet. Paclflo and
Broadway;, with small expense present Income 1
could be' greatly increased; 'present monthly
rents ?12 50. 1 .-¦¦''.
, Lot 34x100.
• JACKSON-ST. BUILDING LOTS. ; : '
South line Jackson St., bet. Cherry and First :
ave, : In nelgrhbprhood- of artistic: homes. - ¦:
Size 134:llfl2S; will subdivide.
MARINE VIEW CORNER.
Southeast corner Jones and Vallejo sts. ;
grand -residence site.
Rents $34 -per month; lot 45:10x01:6.
TERMS AT SALE.
' For catalogues and particulars apply to
. MADISON A BURKE 30 Montgomery st.
15 : PER cent on Investment; 2 new flats; Dor-
land st.; rente $62 50 month; $4000 cash*
$2500 at C- ser, cent.
$5500— Store and flat, with cottage; good
stock of groceries and bar. '
. . D. COFFIN & CO.. 3303 Mission st.
un ¦ ,| ¦ 1. .i,,iiii 1 Hi,, , 1 1 I, {
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'NTS
BEItKELEY REAL ESTATE.
BUY this- arid stop paying rent ; make your
family; a Christmas present of a new. cozy,
up ro date cottage; close to stations, school, i
church and stores; '5 large rooms.; bath, '
' pantry, folding doors.- 2' bay-windows, high i
basement, stationary tubs, brick foundation, :
gas anrt electric. Jlghts. fixtures and shades; ;
large lot; street work done and concrete side- '
walk done; city water; price- $2500; terms, ¦
$200 cash, balance -$20 monthly. O. A. RU-' !
DOLPH. Lorin Station. Open Sundays.' |
T~ '. T"! 3 i r— I
NEW 4-room modern cottage'; large lot; close '
to both ferry line "stations and street" cars. !
stores -school and, church; price $1500; terms j
$100 . cash, balance $15 monthly; same, as j
rent. O. A. -RUDOLPH; Lorln Station. Open
Sundays, . , .
$1,500—1 acre 1% blocks from station, 2
blocks from electric care. 1
$4,500 — 7-room house and : well, lot 200 feet'
front, 135 feet deep; street work com- I
plete; near station, cars and university. :
$4,000 — 7-room house in perfect order; street
work all done; lot 75x120; .situated at
302; King st:. Berkeley. • ';
$2,400^ — G-room hou?e; near station, school,
etc. : lot 43x135; easy terms. ¦' •
flO.COO — 14-room house; new; -best location in 1
town; lot noxjso. • y • v _• - - •
$15,000 — BuSinessTilook 'at Berkeley station; a
snap; now earning 12 per cent. >
, , L. J. MORAN & CO..
2131 Shattuck ave., Berkeley Station.
TWO elegant new. 5-roonv cottages, strictly up
to date; street work, etc.; also 50 other houses.
Choice businef-s lots; will soon double, in
• value: only 30 minutes from San Francisco-
via Key route; will make terms' with parttzs
who mean business. MURDOCK & CO.,
Lorln station, Berkeley. • '
OJCE left; a splendid new home 'in Berkeley:
email cash payment: remainder on install-
ments less than rent. S'. F*. and S. Home
nulHine Society. 70S Market nt..- R. F..
OAKLAND .Al) VEKTISEMEXTS
OFFICE, 1118 BEOADWAY.
-OAKLAND REAL ESTATE. . '
$1150 ONLY for a cottage: 6 rooms, bath, etc!;
•located in Ea<»t Oakland:. easy terms. P. C."
LASSEN & CO.; Oakland, Cal.
$4700 ONLY for 2 fine flats In Oakland; rented
for $50 per month. P. C. LASSEN & CO..
466 Tenth wt., Oakland. Cal.
A FINE 7-room *house; must be sold this week;
Kood location; easy terms. P. C. LASSEN
& CO.. 4^o Tenth St.. Oakland. Cal.
OAKLAND ROOMS TO LET. I
VENDOME AND GRAND JIOTEL8,- r !
B55H Washington and S10 Ninth sts Oak-
Isnd; furnished rooms en suite or single,' wtih
or without board: npeclal rates tn. families.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the. day tor bargains in furnW
ture. H.-Schellhaaa. 11th st..cor.store..Oaklnd.
MILL VALLEY ADV'KT'S'MVTS
MILL VALLEY REAL' ESTATE.
VILLA, sites and . improved property; , dairy
ranches; Cushlng and SteUon tracts. For
information. apply to sole agent for lands. T.
L. <& W. Co-., LOUIS L. JANES, real estate.
Hayward building. 4ftS California st -..— I
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
NEW HOME sewing machine; this week only;
$10/ $15. $20: slightly used: needles 20c do*.
NEW HOMF. S. M. CO. 10M Market st.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Giant PowTeTcom"-
- pany. Con. — A dividend. No. CO. of fifty (50)
cents per share on the issued capital stock of
' the company has been' declared, payable at
¦ the office of the company, rooms 202 201 and
. 206 Hayward building, San Francisco, on" De-
cember JO. 1903. Transfer books close De'cem-
brr 3; 1003. at noon. C. C. QUINN. Bec'y."
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA. Berkeley.
Notice to contractors, builders and material
men— Notice Is hereby given to all concerned
that sealed proposals or bids are solicited for
performing the labor and furnishing the ma-
terials necessary for the excavations and
foundations 'of. California Hall, on the
grounds of tho University of California at
Berkeley, Alameda County, California, and
. said bids or proposals will be received at the
office of the Board of Regents, South Hall.
' Berkeley,', at or before 12 o'clock in. of the!
11th' day of December, 1903. And notice Is
hereby further given that the plans and epeci-
i flcatlons ' of said excavations and foundations
¦ have been made and adopted and ars placed
in. above named office, where the same may
be seen and examined duf ing each day from
-•. » o'clock a. m. until 4 o'clock p. m.. from
'.this date until -said 11 th day of December
1003. '« No bids or proposals will be considered ]
unless the earn* are accompanied by a cent- •
. fled check or a bond of said proposer equal to
ten (10) per cent of his proposal, with suf-
ficient 'sureties; "conditioned that. If said bid
or proposal shall be accepted,- the party pro-
posing will duly enter into a proper -contract
• to faithfully perform the: duty and obllga-
> tlons in ¦ arcordance with - said proposal and
plans and specifications, which shall bo and
are hereby ¦• required to bo - a part ' of « such i
, contract. The right to - reject - any ' and all
bids Is , hereby . reserved. This , notice is
given pursuant to an act ; entitled: : "An act
¦to amend an. act entitled 'An- act to create
and organize : the University of California/
"'approved March 25.\. 1S6S, ' and an act amend-
atory of section 25 thereof,' approved March
H 28, 1872, relating to the construction ot build-
¦ ings," "approved March. 8, 1897/ By order of
the Committee On I Grounds and Buildings of
• the Board, of. Regents. • . »_•» ¦
. V i 'W. A. McKOWEN, Secretary. -.
SAN FRA NCISCO, Cal., . ; Dec' 8.'^ 1H03.— Sealed
- 'proposals, in; triplicate,, will be 'received here
, »untU- 11 'o'clock-; a.- 'inr.~ January '-8.'. 1004.. and"
".:. then 'opened for- construction of -frame, build-
ings ' (wagon / shed * and > work ; shop) • at ¦ Fort
Mlley, Cal. Government. 'reser\-es right to
reject f or accept , any or all '.bids in • whole or
• , t ln Jpart: -Information furnished -.on applica-
' 5 j tion to WM. s. 1 ! PATTEN/ Assistant Quarter-
master- General. Chief Q. M . -i
RE AI/jE STATE---CIT Y— -FjOIT^SALJE;
GTil. UMBSEN & CO.. ! ..
• 20 MONTGOMERY ST.
' AUCTION • k ;l
AUCTION r .
Of investment, residence and unimproved prop-
erties . will be held at our salesroom Monday,
December 14, 19p3» at.l2*o'clpck. noon. <¦. .
¦ MARY A.-ROIlERTS ESTATE. \ ¦ -
> Administrator's Sale, f
- The following 3 properties' rouet "be sold to
close above estate. *
v- Subject to confirmation by the court.
Oi . /
. 1S31-1833 Ellis St., near: Scott; .good im-
provements consist of 2' frame dwellings, 8
rooms and bath each: rents $05 per month;,
lot 30:2Hx"3. ' \ • " / . .
• (2> ' " . • ¦ • -•
"*. 1S20 Ellis st., near Scott; good substantial
3-stary dwelling. 12 rooms and bath; rents $45
per month; lot 23:9>4x75. ' . '
. (3)
Randall 'st.. north line, betl Dame a'nd WhiU
ney sts.; building lot, 25x125.
' AN ELEGANT PARK .
' C79 Waller St., near Scott; new modern resi-
dence of 0 rooms and. bath; high attic and
basement; built within the last'3 years; it ad-
Joins Duboce Park and rfust be seen to be
appreciated. A rare opportunity.
PACIFIC-ST. INVESTMENT.
• 1356-1358 Pacific et.. north line, near Hyde,
store, 3 rooms and flat cf 5 rooms and bath;
rent $25 per month; lot has 2 frontages.
CHOICE PARK FLATS.
•1023-1623% Grove St., near Lyon— 2 modern
flats of .1-0 rooms and bath each; rents $50
per month; lot 25x137:0.
MISSION FLATS.
307-307% Castro st., east line, near 16th, 2
modern flats of 5-6 rooms and bath each; rents
{42 50 per month: lot 25x87:6.
REFEREE SALE.
Subject to -confirmation by the court.
BK.W, cor. Sanchez and Duncan fits.; unim-
proved lot. 80x114. '
BUSINESS HOLDING.
743 7th ave., near Fulton St., store and flat
of 5 rooms and bath; with a little' outlay thU
could be made a very desirable building; lot
24:Uxl00. ¦- - ¦'. .
MISSION BUSINESS CORNER. '
- U>
S. E. cor. of 24th and Douglass sts.; unim-
proved lot. 23x00.
(2) • *.
Douglass St., east line, near 24th: unimproved
lot, 24x100 Both lots level and ready to
build on.
MISSION COTTAGE. -..
' 68 Hancock st., north line. bet. Church and
Sanchez, 18th and 19th ets. : a desirable cot-
tage of 8 rooms and bath: lot 25x114.
BRYANT-STREET CORNER.
¦N.E. cor. of Bryant and Harriet sts., close
to (5th St.; unimproved corner, 23x75. - .
- For catalogue and further particulars apply
at our office.
G, H. UMBSEN & XX). 1 , 1
20 Montgomery street.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.;
03S MARKET ST.
AUCTION,
/ AUCTION.
AUCTION.
TUESDAY, Dec. 15. l'.Wi, at 12 o'clock noon,
At Our Salesrooms.
DEVISADERO-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.'
I West line of Devlsadtro St., 32 feet south 'of
! Page; lot 25x100; improvements consist of spa-
clous store and 2 modern flats; Nos-.. 259-239 Vi-
261; prtsent rents very low at $68 per month.
PIEHCE-ST. RESIDENCE.
West line of Pierce at., 100 feet south of
McAllister; lot 37:6x112:8; No. 815; improve-
ments, elegant 3-story residence, 10 rooms; sa-
lon parlors, dining room with inlaid hardwood
floors, porcelain bath, steam heat, etc.
MISSION RESIDENCES. , i
West line of Andover St.. 276 feet south of
Crescent ave.; lots 25x70 'each; 2 new modern
2-story houses, containing 0 rooms, porcelain
bath, reception room; brick foundation, etc.;
Nos. 733-735 Andover st.; rented for $25 each
per month. . . ¦
; BIRCH-AVE. FLATS.
North line of Birch ave., 111:6 feet west of
Buchanan et. ; lot 20x60; imprt r#ments (Nos.
70tt-70«H) consist of 2 beautiful flats, 0 rooms
and bath each; rent $30 per mi nth; mortgage
$2o00 at C Der cent can remain-
WESTERN. ADDITION FLATS. •
North line ol First ave., south of Point Lo-
: bos; Nos. ,129 -531; 2 new mo.lern flats, "4-5
I rooms and bath each; built lest than a year;
; rented for $42 50 Der month;- mortgage $1500
: at 0 per cent. . •
MISSION COTTAGE.
N.-W. cor. of Twentieth and Hartford sts. ;
lot 25x82:6 feet; improvement* consist of. a
magnificent new cottage, 8 rooms and bath,
laundry, billiard-room and stable. '
MISSION LOT.
North line t>f Eighteenth st., 50 feet west of
: Diamond: lot 24:8x75 feet; bltumtnized street;
title guaranteed; no reasonable offer refused.,
ASHBURY HEIGHTS BUILDING SITE.
N". W. con of Belvedere and Frederick sts.;
35x95 feet;' alEO north side of Frederick st.,-l>5
feet west of Belvedere: lot 25kllO feet; to be
sold as a whole; this propcrtj- is situated so
it commands an unsurpassed : view and will
make a most desirable building site. ¦
WESTERN' ADDITION BUILDING LOT.'
North " line of Greenwich st., 146:1OV& " feet
east of Polk; extra size lot, 37:4%xl37:6 feet.
For further particulars and catalogue apply
to . EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
/ <J3$ Market st.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
¦
$500 to $1200. . • -
Nothing to compare with our Oceanslde loU.
Fronting Ocean. Park. an! Boulevard.
All on official prade. ready to build on.
THEY CANNOT BIO DUPLICATED. I
Unobstructed bcean view! Every lot a bargain!
Get off cars at cor. 47th a.ve. and H st.
SEE THEM TO-DAY! EASY TERMS!
SCO to $300. near Park and O-ean; ?5 monthly.
Oceanslde Branch Ofrice on 49th avenue and
K street.
OPEN SUNDAYS AND HOLIDAYS.
$500 to $1000. Choicest Sunset DIst. Lots.
Graied and sewered; near cars; $10 monthly,
3unset Branch office on 9th ave., near H st.
$1000. $1500. $.ViOO to $5000—4. 5. 6 and 8
rooms, new, modern cottaces and houses in
Hunset, Richmond, Oceans! le and Excelsior
Homestead! All bargains'. Easy 'terms!
SOL GET5S & PON, Owners and Dealers.
. floom '6*. Chronicle Building.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
5 MONTGOMERY ST.
LARGE VAN NESS AVENUE CORNER.
Covered with good frame improvements;
rents low, $50«> a month now; can be ini
creased *ny small expenditure; has also the
advantage of being. an excellent site for a
large family hotel or apartment house.
NEAT. GEARY ANI> MASON.
75 feet front, running bac}' to a rear street;
nearly 13,«KiO square feet; expeller-t site for
' stores and hotel; not a b-'tter buy In the
THOMAS MAOKE 4 SONS. ..
• REAL EfjTATE A-.JENTE,. -
V) ; . • S MONTGOMERY ST, ; ' .- - ,
Nearly 20,000 sqitire feet. •
Not far from Lark*?! street.
Fine site for hotel, apartment house or large
number of small jflats.
MODERN cottages; finished complete with
every convenience; easy terms; large lots.
4 -rooms— $2000. - .' . .. ¦'
6 rcoms— $:««0. ¦ - *-• _• *.„•....,».-
5 rooms — $3500.
6 rooms — $3600.
7 rooms — H1C0.
8' room6— 51(500.
Located on First , and 'Second aves, bet.
Geary and McAllister st. «--ars and one block
• north ot park.- F. NELSON, builder.
JOSEPH GTRAUB. C30 Market st.
$2100— Cor. Twenty-flfth a »»d Wisconsin sts.;
new cottage of 4 rooms, bath and basement;
good location for grocery; $3C) down, $15 month.
$1750— Fine new cottage ol 4 rooms, bath and
• basement; $300 down, $IIi a month; Wisconsin
et.. near Twenty-flfth.. '..:'¦ 1 .-:*¦>¦- 1 -
BUILD, on your unimproved >¦ realty: .we: loan
full cost lmprov. .and part lot at 6 per- cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO. . Crocker building.
ESTIMATES on ; plumbing* tvrork. new or i old.
__ Ahlbach &. Mayer, plumb* * 8, 830 Howard st.
LOTS. N or S side of Golden -Gate Park, pur-
chased by W.-J. GUNN.-'S30 California st.
REAL ESTATE-«^o£n«rr— For [ Sale.
flOA.MONTH buys- *,10-e-;re farm.' -.- V
$200 profit per annum per acre.-
Write, for booklet. It'a fr>se. 603 J'st.
WRIGHT & KIMBROUGH^ Sacramento. Cal.
ALFALFA lands, stock" ranches." .orchards,
vineyards: Inspected>bargslns; monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. "WOOSTER CO.. 648
Market st. '¦?:¦% " *'-¦ ' •"• '* .';
CHEAPEST and best In America— The- WeekJy
¦ ?- <; } 6 »***». «ent to^ ariy address; in tha
Lnlted States or. Canada- t-ae. year for $1. :-.
WATER front lots and- bargains- all tracts";
maps/ photos, etc.' BELL. -. 417 Parrott '.bldg. ;
TYPEWRITERS /Ajyp SUPPLIES. 1
AN "ctptionaTnrTo^TNo. 2 Remlngton~ : No/.
• I. 8 v mitn * mle «"- 5^5: ' other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50 Ths
Typewriter 'Exchange. MS36 Calif ornla «
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars. ¦ L. i M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery-st. - ¦ .: . •;;-"¦-¦
2D-HAND t3T>e writers "sold; ' rented,'- . repaired.'
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co., 608 Market.
PERSONALS— Continued.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 60; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Buth and Dupcnt.
ALFRED UM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
Superfluous hair and moles removed with 'elec-
tric nee<*.le. Mrs. &. Miss Eaton. 1113 Sutter.
A BRANCH office . of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
teen cuened at 1003 Market st.. opposite
Fifth.- Open until 11 p.m. '¦
PALM. STR.Y. ¦ ;
miK. DEVAS. scientific palmist and ascrolo-
glet; palm readings $1; 3 questions by ex-
press. $1 ; cpen Tuesday eve. also. 1S9 Post st
MME NEERGARD'S class in palmistry begins
Dec. 1. 8 p. m. 242 Post St.; terms $10.
H. JEKOME FOSELLI. scientific palmist, 513
Taylor ft.-, near -Geary. Phone. Black 561.
""PAPERHAXGISG. PAINTING. ETC.
CALL at C27 Turk Et. or phone Sutter 154. fo»
raper hanging, .painting and tinting. !
Papenng; reasonable rates; 'tinting, painting. '
Hartmann Paint Co., 319 3d; tel. .Main 413.
: PHYSICIANS AXP SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. ODONNELL — Office and residence,
1021% Market St.. bet. Cth and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid tc diseases of women.
KLOOD. skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073 % Market st.
P.EMOVED — DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor.
treats all diseases of the human body: for
past four years at 115-117 Mason: now lo-
cated st CC7 Geary St.. near Leavenworth.
DR.' TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. LI Po
Tai. herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by ute of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.'
DR. H. C. WONG. 710 Post St.; all dluoasss
cured by Chinese herbs; consultation free.
XVONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dis-
eases cured by. Chinese herbs. 74C-8 Clay St. ;
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AT • Knlckerbocker~Apartments. 1340 Pine st..
rear Hyde — Furnished 3-room bults: $30 up;
steam heated, electric lighted; free bath.
FILLMOP.E. 2219 — 4 large furnished rooms;
bath: housekeeping; choice; $30. -
GEART. 990 — 3 outside furnished rooms; sun
j all day; coal end gas range; reasonable.
GEARY, 192."— $1S; adults; 4 com. rooms; 2
beds, bath, toilet, stoves, coal and gas ptoves.
OAK. U7— Sunny suite and single; complete
for housekeeping; adults; $1 25 to $3 week.
POLK. 1018, near Geary — Neatly furnished
front housekeeping rooms: reasonable.
TAYLOR. Ml— 2 furnished rooms;, gas range,
coal stove, fink; $lu. Phone Kate, 2084. j
THE CRAGBURX, 1007 Larkin St., cor. Post-
Sunny furnished apartments; also single
rooms; rent reasonable.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmcre.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109d
Valencia st. .
j APARTMXITT HOUSES.
MONTCLAIR APARTMENTS,
Ccrner Pine and ''Taylor -etc: beautiful new
modern apartments: all sunny corner suites;
furnished or unfurnished; none superior: ma-
rine view. LYON & HOAG. .116 Montgomery.
~~ HADDON HALLS
" : P51 EDDY ST. REFERENCES.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. snj Unfnrn.
AURORA, corner Second and Folsom Ets. — New
' hcUEo. i:ew furniture: every room outside;
modern and sunny; prices from $1 50. per
week up; this is the only up-to-date house in
this vicinity; first-class grill attached. ¦
A— BRUNSWICK House.. 148 Sixth st.— Rooms
2."c to $1 per nipht. $1 20 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night. j
ASHWORTH. 320 Mason Ft., bet. Geary and
Post^-Suite anJ single rooms with or with-
out private fcath; sun in rooms all day.
AT ¦"The Almonte," 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— ltocms, 25c. COc. $1. $1 50 night;
$1 50 to $10 tw-ek ; "house open all night.
BURNETT." 142C Market (old No. 13C4)— Fur^
nlfhod rooms, f-uite. single; aUo unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 2O4 EIJIe. corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished tunny rooms; prices reasonable.
CALIFORNIA. 1255 — Runny furnished roomF,
single and' fcr fcou««i-keeplns; reasonable.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms fiOc
to $1 .10 nigru; $1 to $3 week; reading-room.
HOWARD, mo— Nicely fumlshedsunny front
parlor fur 2 gentlrmen or lady andgent.
JKSSIE. 2C3. east V. S. Mint— Furnished
rooms, 55- and ?": for 2. $9. • • , *• - ¦ -•
LAGUNA and McAllister, St. James flat— Sun-
. ny single room. .
LARKIN. 247— Sunny rooms to let; $1 00 to $3.
LARK IX, S04 — Sunny front room, with gratf.
suitable for gentleman. $7; single room $4.
LARKIN. Mtf B — Small, light room, large hall,
closet, bath and phone; reasonable.
NINTH, 119 fGU'.esple)— Nicely Xumlsbed room*
$1 50 to $2 50 per week.: 50c to 75c per tight.
POWELL. 317 — Sunny front suite for doctor or
dentlft; also ether furnished rooms.
SL'XNY front zoom*, en Fuite or single: gen-
tlemen; private: reasonable. 132 A 14th st.
SI.'TTER. 23C — The Crane — Elegantly furnished
roonja; dow:itown; suite or singlet $10 up. .
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy" St.. nr. Mtrket— ¦
400 single and family rooms; 35c to $1 night;
$1 75 to $6. week; elevator; electric lights;
reading-room; free bus and baggage.
VAN NESS. C19 — H» n<Js0In<! sunay furnished I
rultes and single rooms; all conveniences. 1
WINCHESTER. Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market-
Ik' ost convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
«5c to $t 5i> night; ?2 to $S week; elevator;
dec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Hranch office, cor. Dur.can & Church sts.
' CLASSIFIED advertisements and subserirUom
' received 'at Call branch office; 2200 Flllmor*.
A BRANCH' --office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertlsempnts and subscriptions has
be*n cr>«ned at 1008 Market *t.. opposite
F-fih. Or»n until 11 p. m. '
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
A— HOTEL RaTtTmOReT
VAN .NESS AVE.. NEAR GEARY ST.'
AMERICAN PLAN. ¦ '- -
PHONE' PRIVATE EXCHANGE "nfi. "
srr?,E<~r FmsT-CLASR family hotel.
HOT AXD COLD OCEAN WATER.
SPECIAL RATES BY THE'MONTH.
MINCER & y.KKERG. PROPRIKTORS.
A-^ : HOTEL' HATTON — — ' ' ' * .
—» E.; COR. PINE AND TAYLOR
This new and rustic constructed hotel Is sit-
uated In the city's swellest quarter and will
b» handsomely furnished throughout, with all
¦ the very latest" conveniences; n-IMbe ready
. fcr occupancy Dec. 15; reservations can now
•be made on premises dally.
CHANGE OF PROPRIETORS.
.MANHATTAN HOTEL. 1704 Market st — V
strictly first-class family and tourist hotel of
unquoftion^l -respectability. American - plan.
A — 1~. THE DRESDEN HUZZ"
SELECT FAMILY BOARDINGiHOUSB 144->
FULTOX.BET. BRODEIUCK AND BAKER?
CALIFORNIA. 124A- Most select location in
mcxiorn. eVsantly furnished private home-
table unsurpassed; marine view, j . , '
HOTEL MARTINET, Geary Bt. and Van Ness
ave.. ha* changed hands; hereafter conducted
first-class family hotel; table board specialty.
ETEVENEOX mansion. 807 California st.— At-
trective and slrhtly rooms; best table and
service; lowest rates.
TWO sunny front rooms,, with or without
board, in private family. 1402 Washington
St.; phone Hyde 4481.
FIRST, 323— Board and lodging. $4 50; changed
. hands: all home cooking.
LEAVENWORTH, 300— Large front sunny
room, suitable for 2, with board; references.
OFAHP.ELL. - SOS — Furnished rooms; borne
¦ cooking; German family: $6 per week.
SUXNY • furnished rooms,' with board ' if re-
quired. 24C0 Mission st.
BOARD and lodging In private family. 2521
Setter ft. ' ; . ,
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
A^^POBJVi^Sto^ : *Ke^~ViM~Co^rtviTSiw : ei
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 729-
7S1 Howard st.. nr. Third;' phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of.
flee Post and Powell ets.; tel. Prtve. Ex. B71.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
glte. ' 333 Colden Gate ave. ; pbone East 128.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made; £40
Mission rt.; tel. Howard ;WL P. W.Zehfuns.
PACIFIQ Storage and Furniture, Moving Com-;
pacy. 232ft FlUmore st; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van snd Storage Co..- 11 Montgomery
st.;;tel. Main 1840. Shipping at . cut ; rate*. ¦
A WEEK'S news for S cents— The Weekly Call.
10 paces: fn wrapper.* for mnlllng. $1 per year. ¦
_;. SPEC j^J [iIS ' I l s : : : ' ~i ¦'¦_ '¦¦
CATARRH, DEAFNESS and.NOISES In EARS
positively cured;' new method; 1 week's treat,
xnest free. Dr. Cottlogtam. 204 Sutter ft.
APVEBTISEaCENTS.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AITAIBS
Zi. OT THI>—
FRANKLIN FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of December,
A. D. 1007. and for the year ending on that
day. as made to the Insurance Commissioner of
the State of California, pursuant to the pro-
visions of sections 610 and 611 of the Political
Code, condensed as per blank furnished by tae
Commissioner :
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In Cash $400.000 00
. ASSETS. .
Real Estate owned by Company... $233,200 00
Loans on Bonds am' Mortgages. . 101.S03 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks - »
and Bonds owned hy Company.. 2,471,423 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities ai collateral . . . 105,000 00
Cash in Company's «Jfflce 2.X3S lft
Cash In Banks 70.163 77
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans .870 20
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 1,823 47
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 10O.S43 37
'
Total assets .$3.002.S73 »7
—
. LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted' and unpaid ...... $17,598 31
Losj«es In process Of Adjustment or ~ -
in Suspense 3 I'S* S
Losses resisted. Including expenses. «,925 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $467,731 09;
reinsurance 80 per cent :...'. 233.855 M
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning Boors- than one year. $710.-
078 84; reinsurance pro rata 368.412 13
Amount reclalmable by the Insured
on perpetual Fire Insurance Pol-
icies 982.893 13
Commissions ant! Brokerage due
and to become dt»> 24,384 22
Total Liabilities A... $1.671.315 24
IWCOME. ™ "~~~
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $843,943 53
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 4 6,863 20
Received for Interest, aifd dividends-
on Bonds. Stock*. Loans and
from all other sources .......... . 10B.223 84
Received for Rents . .' 7.059 10
Totallncome $767.094 «g
EXPENDITURES. ~~
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $47,C0» 33.- losses of
previous years $351.T5l IW
Dlvldendn to Stockholders 8O.0CO 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brok-rage ' 141,783 23
Paid for Salaries. Fee* -and other .
charge* for officers, clerks, etc.. , 35.694 35
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes .. .. — .\... .....:. 20.002 81
All other payments and expendi-
tures 02.344 37
¦ Total Expenditures $722.572 21
Losses Incurred during the year $363,9<ji 79
Risks and Premiums Fir* Risks.) Premiums.
Net amount 'of Risks
written during the > -
year $85.377.C07 $826.839 07
Net amount of Risks
expired during the . . > '.
year ;... 50.313.472 713.353 75
Net amount in force
December 31, 1002.1 99.106.073 -1,122.325 OS
J. W. MCALLISTER. Prest.
E. T. CRESSON. Sect.
Subscribed and affirmed to before me thlj
ICth day of January. 1B03. ¦ ¦
SAMUEL H-- KIRKPATRICK.
Notary Public
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT.
218 SANSOME ST,
SAN j FRANCISCO.
GEO. F. GRANT, r Manager.
A. H. TRATHEN, Asat. Mauiaftr.
G. H. UMBSEN A CO., City Agents, 30
Ifoatgarotrr street.
FOn. SALE—Coii.
KOH salt— Tto Sr.e St. Remard dogs; txtra
|^cd ¦ wauhdcti!. at 7S2 Hals ht et.. near
ItfK^L** and second hann. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
VKUY r.ne diamond heart fcr 8210 at W. J.
ITESTHAL'P. 10 Sixth St.
'Vi Dnri ?'•ccr.d fcard machinery ol all kinds.
KgOGII MNFG. CO.. Sl» Market st.
OVIN'G pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st.
JkES pf I^r* and ntv&rs: all sizes. El>
GKN'K RILKY * SONS. 100 Vallejo St.
tFKS— New srd fecoed hand. E. B BECK
* CO.. 122 Msrkft st.
!l fcarRains:camp istoo'.s nr.d chairs; hammocks.
ir.«=tal berts. mattresses. J.F.Hottcr.712 Mission.
5 if on fhoncitrarh*. records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Baclgalupi. 933 Mkt.
A'-OLINi: enflDSa. autoiroblles and launchea:
all t:zrs. J. E. DO.'.K. 46 Fremont St.
SK for prics.cn second-hand typewrlera; all
maket-. ALKXAXDER & CO.. 110 Montgy.
I5P.AXCH cfCce of The Call for the recep-
tion of aOvprtiReiv.ents and subscriptions has
t>«>n opened Et 1008 Martcet cu. opposite
P1»tt«. <^""n nntll 11 p - n>.>
M I^CELLAXEQ L- S \V A XTS.
\VANTEI>— A second-hand roll top de/k In good
Order, end a serond-hami Smith-Premier tyre-
__ writer. G. WlEXER.^SgO^ansomc Et.
WILL pay carh for genff K. R. ticket via Kl
I'«fo: rrmcli-als cr.!y for next 5 days. P.
«.»¦ tox-81. Alameda.
bl Vw^ S *. ar '? 1:brarte « bought. H. C. HOLMES.
1H3 Market rt.; phone Jessie 3741. or postal.
1 5£L h ' eheft rrices for all kinds of cast-off
c.c-thisg; ser.3 pot-tal. MORRIS. 870 Folsom.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th St.; tel. Jessie 2SS1.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
It, p^gey. In v.-rar-p«?r. for msiling. SI per year.
JJ »IO>EY TO LOAX.
AAA— HERMAN IJUKPHY^
; -" 001-602-e03 Examiner buildlnr-
Quick settlements ; no disappotntment.
&v« expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, eecond mortgages. undi\1ded inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust,
«tc; legacies. life estates and undivided la-
teretu In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When Tou Need Money
Bw HERMAN MURPHY.
ADVANCES on furniture and pianos -s-itlicut
renio\-aJi: to permanent salaried people on
tlielr r.cte without security or knowledge of
•xnplojrer; lowest rates; no commission. NA-
TIONAL CREDIT CO. 68 and 69 Donohos
fcmieirg. 1170 Market st.
ETRICTLT CONFIDENTIAL LOANS en fur-
citure. pianos or to salaried people on their
cote ; proper treatment guaranteed. ILLINIO9
TRUST CO.. r. 10. Phelan bid., tel. Main 704.
MONET loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants. teamete.L. boarding-housea. without
security; easy parents; largest business is
4C principal cities, folar.sn. 653 Parrott bidg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberrU advances en diamonds, jewelry, at
2 per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store.
M0 Mfcrket; tel. Main I«44. Branch. 1» Third.
A— 1 per cent ©n furniture or piano: no remov-
al, no comrsiseion. no publicity ;$25 up > quick.
prlvste. cocfldentlal. 26 Montgomery, rm. 7.
MUNICIPAL LOAX OFFICE 103 Grant avs..
LOANS FROM II TO $10,000.
MONEY to lean on low Interest: gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones' bought
at W. J. HESTIIAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
StEW. easy njethcl — To wage-earners on untn-
<lorse<2 notes; absolute privacy. Fidelity
Loan Company, rooms 4S-49. Chronic'.e bldg.
TO salaried people without security; on furnl-
ttre; indorsed rotes and ether security. S. F.
Dlseo-orrt Ager.cy. 143 Pfcelan building.
AT lowest rates en furniture and pianos; strlrt
privacy; no commission iinftallments accepted.
BON'EXLI 301 E<5<3y. Conservatory bulldjng.
OPEN" CreJit Ass'n. loans on salaries conCd»n-
t1i.lly : tiew.tlmple plan. Room 00. SID Market^
C<; ON furniture & pianos: $15 up; net removal;
r.o ccm. V. TP.EMAIN. room 81. € Eddy st.
1 PER cent en furniture cr piar.o. 1003 : Mu-
te*! Savir.c* Bank tldg.. 70S Market st.
ALL loans en tflamonis and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. i». F. Collateral Loan Bank. 53S Keamy.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans morey to j
mlarlert .-^plores. H. S1L Mutual Sav.Bk. bid. !
CASH !oar.e<1 salaried people en notes without
micrrr. MORELL. EramlPT bldg
Ml'KICAL I\STRl'MEXTS.
A KEW
GAINS:
Co'.lard. $33; Emerson. $O5; Fi!.«her. $70:
KUler, flTS; Chicjjrririi?. $1«7: American.
JKT.; Heine. VZ'.o; Havnes. JI50; Steinway. I
$Ifc5: 6:c'.nway. large style. $325, and fifty i
ethers. Rer.ts. $2 up; installments, $4 up !
HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-2:57 Geary street; i
Oakland hrarch. Fifteenth ard Broadway, old ¦
WE rett the best piaco in the city for ?3 per j
monit; we alictr six months' rental and ¦
cartage HZO) o3 purchaEe price, thus givir.c I
you a elx months' trial of the instrument lor <
nothing; our ten.-i* and prices cannot be |
Saxo co.f ?eo^ ar ii a^ E f COTT -^^z
A FINE lot cf tecend-haed uprights f rora v $S0
tp. iaduding tuch niiies as Chickertng
Vote. Kroeser. Curtaz, Klrkham !'=»»-
Bareman. Marshall & Wende'il Bau» and
ethers. BENJ. CUP.TAZ * SOX 16 O'Fax-
r*ll »t- No branches in f^n Francisco.
LOW prices, c aey terms ar.d good eoods are
what we offer: Behr Bros., baumcister
pianos a»d SlmpJrx Piano Players are what
you uast. Call ar-d select new: THE ZTN'O
MAUVAIS MUSIC COMPANY, 71^ Market.
A TREMENDOUS Kaeriflce; unrp^eemr«l stor-
age i»ianc« ar.d furniture selling to pay stor-
age; dirt chear- Whitehead's gtorage, 1838
Market st. Open evenings.
BAND Instruments; F. Beteon. Parts, maker-
Gtis Malwald. Agt. Pac. Coast. 278 O'FarreU:
skillful repairing; 2d-hand Instruments soid.
ALMOST cheaper than firewood; storsge' pianos
& furniture. l«Gti Market st. Or^n nwotnea,
ALMOST Dew upright; cheap; cash or lnnall-
ger.t. ECHMJTZ & CO.. lg McAllister »t.
A 6TECK upright mahogany, nearly new;
crust, tie sold. 216 McAllister st.
BEAUTIFUL S-pedal Eteinway upright piano;
perfect crder: eacrifice. Keefre's.2S5 CFarrell.
EOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Ceclllan piaaa
player. BYRON HAU2T. 3GS-332 Post «t
CUPERIOR \1ollns. xlthers. old and. new. H.
MT'LLER. maker, rrslrer. 2 T>ithiini r'.arr
OTFICCS AXD STOHKS TO L.CT.
2 LuVrtGE stcrer and ftniEhed ba*enicnt*: siijp-
walk elevator: -Valencia St.. cear Pevpn-
ternth. for further particulars applj' to <J.
Tl. I'MHSEN' & CO.. 20 Montgomery .st.
PEKSOXALS. . .
A SPECIAL LOW RATE. 30 DAYS ONLY—
M. ELLA HARRIS.
To all whom I have made prices to slnc«
Jan. 1 I9C3. & for the ensuing 30 days only,
J * ::i make a liberal reduction I from all
prices for my cpecisl \ieep- wrinkle treatment.
I The lady who has been on exhibition In
the drug etcre windows may be *een at. my
cffic« this week from 10 to 5. In order to ac-
commodate those who have requested to ex-
er.ii-t the face core thoroughly In private,
M. ELLA HARRIS.
TS1 OTarrell St.. near Larkin. ,Call cr writs
for bock explaining method.
LADIES' perfection Fcnmless rubber gioves
keep the hsnds smooth; soft and white while
doing boueework: postpaid $1 25; stnd Fize cf
kid worn. Perfection Rubber Co.. box 57.
Llraa, Ohio.
THE Etar Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves Its growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
end itching scalp: no stain cr stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists"; hairdressers' ac-
cept no EUbttirute. Star Remedy Co.,1333 Polk.
WILL MISS EMILY CULLEN, who lormerly
worked for Col. Meade. el*o *.K)5 Sutter. and l»
O'Fanell eta.; come to Preeiilo and sec Mrs.
Coi. Morris, house No. 22? .
NOT bow cbesp but how good is the motto cf
the manufacturers »of the Rapid Rctary
Standard, the se-ivicg-inachSse of to-day.' J.
W. EVAN'S. ageaU 1021. Market st. . - \.~
PHTEICIAN. 15 years' experience, cures per-
manently « morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
' addrefcs Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave.."
ccrner Sutter it,; fee moderate; . '
LIQtTOR habit cured in 2 days or no charges;
guaranteed. Acme Liquor Cure Co.. 937 Mar-
ket e-t.. rocsj 202; phone South 751. . .- ""
AT less than cost, uncalled for yuits; overcoits
and trcuMTS at CHARLES LYONS'. Loniosj
TalJor. 721 Market et.
ELEGANT suits en easy installments: 50 cents
and up per week. LEON LEMO3. 1127 Mar-
ket St.. betv.een Serenth and Eighth.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Ssturday. Sun-
day evgs..- Teutonla Halt, Howard: St.. nr.
J>lh; Prof. Foster; society dancing tatsgbt.
FINE cenu in? diamonds, watches.Jewelry cheap-'
cr than anywhere. A. A. Hitter. 237 Kearny.
MASQUERADE aw^'«»». play book», wigs; 1
courtry or.-Vrs. GOLDSTEIN tc CO.. 733 Mkt.
SUITS'. to order on Installments. $l_per week.*-.
Kcuhaus & Co.. rnerch. tailors. 727-729'Market.
EUPERFLUOI.'S hair & moles removed by elec-
trlc neeile. Dr. & Mrs. TraTerse..H70 Market.
THE bert place to buy rood "umbrellas or hirf:
tbem covered cr repaired is 120 Stockton ¦«. • ¦ ,
'¦'-/ PROPOSALS— Contlnneq.
NOTICE TO. CONTRACTORS.
¦ - * '",- ____ _ '
OFFICE ~OF THE BOARD OF STATE HAR-
: bor Commissioners, Union Depot and Ferry
House. Ban Francisco,' California. Novem-
ber 18/ 1903. . * - ' '
Sealed > proposals or ' bids will ba ' received . at
this tf flee at or prior to 2:15 o'clock p. m.
"en Wednesday. December "23. 1903. for the
construction of a section of seawall and
wharf -, along same ts be located between
King :'and Channel streets on the water
.' front of- the. City and County of 8an-Fran-
.'- Cisco, in -accordance '-with the plans and
specifications prepared therefor by the Chief
¦ Engineer of the Board and adopted by the
Board August 27, 1U03, and on file in this
office, ' to which special reference is hereby
made. The work to be done under tbess
¦ f pacifications consists In furnishing all ma-
terials and labor tor constructing and erect-'
ing. a. stone seawall with end embankmints
and a wharf. It Is estimated that the sea-
wall . and . end embankments will contain
about 80,000 tons of .atone; the wharf will
. contain' 86.060 square feet of wharf sur-
face. This section of the seawall will ex-
tend from the intersection of the - northerly
line of Channel street (prolonged easterly)
.with tha water front line, six hundred' (600)
feet northerly along said water front - line. }
The materials to bo used for the construc-
tion of the i seawall and end embankments
will 'consist .of stone not .subject to decom-
position nOr disintegration by th* action oj
¦ sea water or. air. . ... ' ¦ ¦•
Two classes of stone will , ba recognized.
The first class will Include stone of one or
5 more cubic feet in fair assortment of sizes
between on* and four cubic feet; no objec-
tion will be made ¦ to stone larger than four
cubic feet; this claaa or stone must be free
- of seams and marked lines of cleavage.
Th* second class will include stone of less
than one cubic foot, in assorted sizes, but
' no stone less than ¦ flv* pounds will be ac-
cepted at the quarry.
The - materials for • the . construction of th*
Wharf will consist of the requisite quanti-
ties of first class. . close grained. Douglas
yellow fir piles and yellow flr lumber (mer-
chantable quality), wire rope, wrought Iron
bolts, spikes, etc.. all of tha best quality
and subject to a rigid examination.
No bid will be received unless It is mad*
on a blank form furnished from this office
and Is accompanied by a <-crtifled check for
five per cent of the aggregate amount ot
the bid, payable to the order of the Secre-
tary cf the Board, as a guarantee on th*
part of the successful bidder that ha will
within six (6)- days after the acceptance ot
• the bid enter into a written contract to da
said work, according to the plans and spec-
ifications prepared therefor, and will also
- execute and file with this Board a bond in
tuch sum as the Board may deem adequate
with a surety company, to be approved by
the Board ot State Harbor Commissioners,
; and conditioned for the faithful performance
of such contract: nor 1 will said bid be con-
sidered by this Board unless delivered to th*
secretary or to the assistant - secretary, m.t
the office of the secretary, at or Drior to
2:15 o'clock p. m. on Wednesday, Decem-
ber 23, 1903, at which time and place th*
bids Will be ot>ened. • • ¦ ¦
Th* Board reserves the right to reject any ot
all bids if deemed for th* best Interest of
the . Etate. .
Bidders are, Invited to be present at th* op*u-
inc of the bids.
CHAS. H. SPEAR.
, . JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK. i
J. D. MACKENZIE.
- • Board. of State Harbor Commissioners.
LOTT D. NORTON. Chief Engineer. - .
JOHN M. FOY. Secretary.
STUTTERING AXD STAMMERIXO.
MELBOURNE School, Van Ness- Market— Cur»
in every case: Individual teaching: no medi-
cine. Inquire Into wonderful cures:horne cur*.
MARRIAGE LICENSES. .
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday : ,
James E. Lennon, 30, 527 Qhurch street,
and Edith McMillian, 22. 20S Bartlett street.
! Louis . Manard, 32, . Oakland, and Winifred
: McGowan, 26, 2017 Dupont street. ]
| Ivar J. Iverson. 21. Cummlngs, and Alice
: CarUons, 21, 20 Madison avenue. t , ¦
I Durward S. de Van, 27, Los Angeles, and
| Rita A. Merrill, 23, 4401 Eighteenth street.
i Frank Werner, 25, 18S4 Union Rtreet, and
I Josephine C. Wilkinson. 24. 1121 Pierce street.
EIRTHS^MARRIA&ES— DEATHS. "^
Birth, marriaKe and death notices aent by
mail. will not be inserted.. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
| indorsed with . the name'- and residence of per-
' sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of' the event are published once in this column
free of charge. .
¦ BORN'. '
BENAS-^In Fresno. December 6. 1903, to the
wife. of Morris Benas, a s:>n. , •
PROBST— In 'Alameda. December 8, 1903, to
the . wife ,of Louis S. Probst, a son.
STREET— In this city, December 8, 1903, to
the wife of Guy F. .Street, -a son.-
DIED.
Anderson, Charles Koster. Emilda
Bull?, Anna L. s ., Laborde; Mo unique
Becker.- Ruby ' Lc -Strange, Rose-
.. Buero, - Domenlco ' i anna : • .
. Colcman. Mary M. . .Muller. Charles. A.
• Cordano. Giu'feppe ' . Rldllngton. Thomas
Cosgrove. James W. Riordan, . Mary A.
"Fairbanks. Anna ' ; Robertson, William
Oalvin, Catherine Schaefer. Fritz .
: Glsler. Charles . Sease. Emma. Julia
Gonzalez. Dr. . M., E. Sheppard. Nora E.
¦ ' Goodmundson,' Ingle- Stewart. Frances A.
borg ' ¦ Sttnson. Sophie • ;
Hurley. Sarah G. ' Vollera. Henry
Kenny. James Walker. Sarah A.
Keyes. George O. Walsh. Michael J.
Klllelea, Annie M. Warren. August
ANDERSON— In this city, December 7, 1903,
Charles Anderson, beloved husband , of Ida
Anderson, father of Walter and Agnes An-
derson, n native of Russia. A member of
Eureka Lodge No. 6, O. d. H. 6.," and Rig-
gers' and Stevedores' Local No. 22.
JETTi-lends and acquaintances are respect- !
fully Invited to attend the funeral .to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. P. Petersen. 228 McAllister street, where
funeral services will be held under the. aus-
pices of Eureka Lodge No. 6, O. d. H. S. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery. I
BALE— In ' this city. December 8, 1903, Anna
L.,- beloved wife of M. G. Bale, a native of
Philadelphia. • ' . .
BECKER— In this city. December 7. 1903, Ruby
Becker, beloved daughter of August and Au-
gusta Becker, and sister of Augusta and the
late .Albert Becker, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 8 months and 27 -'days. '
G^TFilenda and -acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-da;
(Wednesday), at 1 O'clock, from the residence
. of her parents, 409 . Tenth street. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery. , .
BUERO— In this city. December 8. 1903, Dom-
¦ enlco.' dearly beloved Rjri of Mrs. A. Buero
and the later Mr. G: Buero. and beloved
brothtr of Joseoh Buero, Mrs. J... R. Pltto.
Mrs. Ki'Crestai, Mrs. V. Varnl and Mr*. A.
Cappuro,' a native of* San Francisco,-, aged 'Jl
." years and 8 months. • :
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Thurs-
day,- December 10. 1003, at 9:30 o'clock,
from his late residence. 120 Otscgo avenue,
between Onondago street and On«Ida avenue,
. Ihence to Corpus Christ 1 Church (Italian),
Croke - avenue, . where a , requiem hik'h mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
" Cros ." Cemetery, by carriage.
COLEMAN— In this city, December- 7, 1903.
1 Mary Margaret, dearly beloved daughter of
Andrew and Elizabeth Colcman. a native of
'. •' San Francisco, aged 3 years, 7 months and 3
days. . ;.-'- „' • .... .. .
• . C7Thc • . f um-ral will take • place to-day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from , the- parlors
of J. C* O'Connor & Co., 767 Mlsslpn street,
'.thence to St. Rc3e's Church for 'services at
10:3(7 o'clock.- Interment Holy Cf"cs3 Ceme-
tery. .. . .
CORDANO— In this city, December G,- 19C3,
¦ Giuseppe, dearly beloved father of Antonio,
. Lulgi, - Giovanni and Giuseppe Cordano and
Mrs. NIcoletta Pezzola, and of the late Anna
. Bottnno and Cnttorina Oneto, a native of
Italy, aged-«9 years and 20 days. . - \
. l£7Frlend« : and acquaintances are respect-
fully notified that the funeral takes place on
,V/ednesday./December 9, 1903, atl; o'clock,
from his lati residence. 311 Union Btreet. be-
*. tween Kearny • and Montgomery, thence " to
.-' Italian Church for benediction, thence to New
I .Italian Cemetery.,, l, . j. - . ..'.-,. -
COSGROVE— In this city, December 7, 1903,
' James \V., beloved eon of Annie and the late
" Thomas Coegrove and beloved brother of Mrs."
'; H.* Heeseman and Mrs.; Frank B. Dougherty,
a nativeof 8an Francisco, -aged 35 years and
• 1 month. •• A member of Typographical Union
[. No.j2L. ' -; . • . • •'-¦ ,. , . . . .
'• (CTFrlends 'and 'acquaintances are respect—
• fully;; Invited ' to "attend -.the . funeral . to-da)
'¦ (Wednesday), at '8:30 'o'clock, .from . his lat«
i . residence/"' 2209 Beach street. I thence I to | St.
' 'Vincent; de.t Paul's Church, where a' solemn
requiem mass 'will be celebrated for the re-
:-. poee of his soul,: commencing- at 9 o'clock. *
FAIRBANKS— In thla city. -December 8, 1903,
V Anna Fairbanks,' beloved wife of Joseph Falr-
. banks, mother of- Joseph" H., William' and
Henry Fairbanks and . Mrs* Mary" L. ? Schultz,
• , and , fclster of . Mrs. • A. Thomas and the late
E41en' Hayes, 'a native of 'Connecticut, aged
-:51'years 5 months and 10 days.' ' ¦,¦*¦'. - -
... '- JCTFrlenda ' and -acquaintances are respect-
fully :invited"to attend the funeral to-morrow
',- (Thursday), r at 8 o" clock, 1 ' from. the- chapel jof
' -CharlesiH. J.f Truman & Co., -1909 Mission.
.'J street,, .between /. Fifteenth i- and . ;\ Sixteenth.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallacher.) ' '
'• 'DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS 'AND > EMB ALMERS.
«¦• £0 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School. .-
.'.,; •¦¦' > .' Telephone South ' 80. \ -' .-" ;'
; UNIXEI^ UN|>EiRtAkiBRS^
— — —^-Funeral : Directors ' and Embalmenr. —^-^
•, Formerly . in v Metronolltan ¦ Temple. , -.:
' Now, at ; 860 1 MISSION, .Tel,' South 167,-
', . Between ' Fourth ¦ and" Fifth.™ near Fifth ' st."
¦-¦ • Fioeit * Eq.u!pm«0fa9 at Moderate • Rates.
Henry Vollers. husband of Amelia Vollers.
an.l father of William- and Henry Vollers ami
Mrs. Catherine E. Schnjltt. a native of Ger-
many, aged 70 years. .
CTFuneral will take place from his late
residence at Ssn Mateo. Wednesday. Decem-
ber 9. at 11 o'clock, thence taklns the 12:20
train from San Mateo fcr Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
WALKER— In East Oakland, December 8, 1903,
Sarah Abby Walker, beloved mother of Mrs.
J. Cotts. Mrs. H. Weeks, Thama* W.. John
C. and tho late David E. Walker.
WALSH — In this- city December 6. 1903,
Michael J.. beloved husband of the late Cath-
erine Walsh, and father of Mamie Walsh,
Mrs. J. E. W. Carey. Mrs. William A. Keefe.
and grandfather of Atleen. Phyllis and Clar-
¦ ence Keefe, a native of County Mayo, Ireland,
aged Tt» years 3 months and 14 days. (Pltts-
fleld. Mass.. papers pleas* ccpy.)
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully iz-vlted to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 200 Utah street, thence to St. Charles
Borromeo's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at U:30 o'clock. Interment
• Holy Cross Cemetery.
WARREN— In this city. December S. 1903,
. August, beloved husband of Josephine War-
ren, and father of Harry A.. Theodora E-.
Gustave. Frederick C. and Arthur Warren, a
native of Prussia, aged 73 years 3 months
and 25 days. '
CyFriendi and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10:80 o'clock, from his lat»
residence. 6S Rsusch street. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
thence to St. Patrick's Church. Mission
street. b»tween Third and Fourth, where a
solemn requiem high mass will b« celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at !*
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery by
.carriage. ...
GALVIN— In this city. December 8. 1903. Cath-
erine, dearly beloved, daughter; of Margaret
. Galvin-and the late John Galvln, a native of
San Francisco. * "*• ' -"
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), December 10, 1&03, at 9 o'clock,
from her late residence. 1258 Union Btreet.
- thence to SI. Brigid.'s Church, where a re-
• qniem* high mass will be celebrated for the
reposo 1 of her ?obl. commencing at 8 :SO
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GISLER— In this city. December 8. 1903.
Charles, beloved son of Joseph and the late
Marie Oisler. a natlvo of Half moon Bay, aged
.7 years 2 tnonths and 27 days. ,
GONZALEZ— In -this city. December 6, 1903.
Dr. M. E. Oonzalex. beloved husband of
W. Gonzalez, father of Anieta W. GoH^
¦ zalez, and brother of Alfred Gonzalez, a .na-
tive of California, aged S3 years 4. months
and 11 days. >
C7"The funeral services will take place to-
day (Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, at ' the
< Palace Hotel. Interment .private. , Please
•omit' flowers. ' ¦..*:¦ . . ".¦ ¦' '"X •'
GOODMUNDSON— In East Oakland. December
1 7. 1903, Ingleborg, beloved wife of the late
-Captain L. Ocodmundson. mother of Blla B.,
- Alvln K. Lawrence O. anrl Norma A. :GoOd-
mundson and Mrs. Chester Ware, sister of
I Mrs. M. Olsen and Mrs. N. Stewart, a native
' of Norway, aged 56 years 11 months and 12
days. -
(E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Thursday). December 10, 1003. at
2, o'clockf at her late home, 503 East Twenty-
fourth street, between Tenth and Eleventh
avenues. East Oakland. ' .
HURLEY— In this city. December 7/1803. Sa-
rah G., beloved daughter of John J.' and Sa-
rah Hurley, and sister of John J. and Evelyn
Hurl;y. a native of San Francisco, aged 3
years 5 months and 14 days.
CThe» funeral will take -place to^lay
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the par-
ents' residence, 2641 Harrison street,
' Twenty-second and Twenty-third. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. - ;> ¦ .
KENNY— In the City and County Hospital. De-
cember 8.. lOft'J. James Kenny, a native of Ire-
land, aged 7S years.
KEYES— In this city. December 9. 1903. George
O . beloved husband ot Margaret Keyes and
stepfather of Maurice,' - Margaret. Luke and
Nora O'Conncll and ' the late John Joseph
O'Ccnnell.'a native of Plymouth. Mass.. aged
30 years :: months and 13 days. A member of
Harmony Lodge No. 9, A. O. U. W.
07 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), December 10, at 2 o'clock, from
his. late residence, 130 Twenty-eighth street,
between Dolores and Church. Interment I.
O. O. . F. Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
KILLELEA— Friends and acquaintances are In-
vited to attend a requiem high anniversary
mass for the repose of -the soul of the late
Annie M. Klllelea. at St. James Church.
Twenty-third and Guerrero streets, Thur»day
at 9 o'clock. . • - . .
KOSTER— In this city. December 7. 1903.
Emilda Koster. beloved daughter of Edward
and Annie Koster. and sister of Edna and
Eddie Kcster. a native of San Francisco,
aged 10 months and 11 days.
C7Fr1ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from the
residence of her parents. IS Langton street.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
LABORDE— In Oakland. December 7, 1003,
Mountque Laborde, beloved mother of Cather-
ine Laborde, Mrs. J. Cassou. mother-in-law
of J. Cassou and grandmother of FeMx Cas-
sou, a native of -France, aged 73 years.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Wednesday. December 9, 1903, at 1:30 o'clock;
from her late residence. 820 - Franklin street,
- Oakland, thence to Immaculate Conception
Church for services. Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery. Oakland.
LE STRANGE— 'In this city, December 7. 1903,
Roseanna. beloved wife of Patrick Le Strange,
mother of Matthew, Minnie. Myrtle, Bernice,
Florence. John. Estelle. Loretta and Clare
-. Le Strange, daughter of Catherine and the
late John RHey.. and sister of Thcmas and
Daniel RUey, Mrs. George Kllpatrick. Mrs.
James MeCormirk and Mr*. E. J. Lawlor,
a native of Brooklyn, N. Y., aged 39 years
8 months and 12 days.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the' funeral to-day,
at 8:30 o'clock, from her lat? residence,
18 De Boom street, thence to St. Brendsin's
• Church, corner Fremont and Harrison streets,
where a solemn requiem high mass will
be. celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
. Cross Cemetery. ¦ .
MULLER— In this city, December 7, 1903,
CharU-s A., beloved husband of Catherine
Muller and devoted father of Mrs. Katie Heck,
a native of Germany, aged 55 years and 7
days. A member of Eureka Lodge No. 6, O. d.
H. S., Court Hubertus No. 15, F. of A., and
Court Yerba Buena No. 013, I. O. Foresters.
E7Fricnd3 and acquaintances are respect-
" fnlly invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday). December 0, at 0:30 o'clock,
from his late residence. 2658 Folsora street.
. between Twenty-second snd Twenty-third.
thence to St. Anthony's Church. Army and
Folsora streets, where a requlm . high mass
'will be celebrated for the repose of his soul.
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
RIDLINGTON— In this city, December 9. 1903.
Thomas, beloved husband or Pauline C. Rld-
lincton. and father of .Mrs. W. F. Sulsberg
and Mrs. A. F. Brinkman, a < native or
Ramsey, Huntingdonshire, England, aged 64
years 8 months and 14 days. A member of
Yerba Buena Lodge,* Scottish Rite Masons;
Occidental Lodge No. 22. F. and A. M. : El
Dorado Lodge No 8. I. O. O. F.. of Sacra-
mento; St. John Lodge No. 73. A. O. U. W.;
Keystone Lodge No. 2107, K. of II., and
Ivanhoe Lodze No. 5, K. of P.
CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
• fully Invited to attend the funeral tc-morrow
• (Thursday) at 2 o'clock.' from the Masonic
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets,
under the auspices of Occidental Lodge No.
22. F. and A. M.
RIORDAN— In this city.' December 7, at her
residence. The Strathmore, 207 Larkin street.
Mary A., belove.l wife of the late Cornelius
Riordan, and mother of Dan F., Cornelius,
' Lalla and Kittle F. Riordan and Mrs. Thomas
H. Keeffe of the City of Mexico, a native of
- the city of Cork. Ireland, .aged 70 years and 7
months. (Sonora. Tuolumne- County, papers
please copy). * • ¦ ' ¦"¦'"-.
ICTbe funeral services will be held at St.
¦ Paul's • Church, Twenty-ninth and Church
streets, to-«Iay (Wednesday).- at 1:30 o'clock.
Interment private in Holy Cross Cemetery.
ROBERTSON— In Sacramento. December 7.
1003, William, beloved husband . of Rosella
Hair.es Robertson, a native of Canada, aged
25 years and 2 months. -
SCHAEFER— In this city. December 7, 1903,
Fritz Schaefer, beloved brother of Mrs. H. Ov
WulfT, a native of Germany, aged 64 year*
2 months and 14 days.. A member of Wli-
helm Tell Lodge No. 2, O. d. H. S.. Oregon.
. (Portland. Or., papers please copy.)
C^Frlcnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
. (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the rtsl-
' dence of H. O. WulfT. 2901A Harrison street,
comtr of Tw^nty-flfth.. where funeral ser-
vices will be held under the auspices of Eu-
reka Lodge ' No. »V.O. Ki H. 8.. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery hy ' electric funeral
car from .Thirtieth street and San Jose ave- |
nue. , . - • . ¦
SEASE— In Oakland, December 7. 1903, Emma
Julio beloved wife of C. E. L. Sease. and
mother of Ethel B. Sease. a native of South
i Carolina, aged 41 years 4 months . and- 23
' CyFrtenQs and acquaintances are. respect-
fully lrfVlted to attend ' funeral services Wed-
nesrtay : December 9. 1903. at 2 o'clock p. in..
I at Bctheden Baptist Church, on Filbert street,
rear *- Eighth. Interment Mountain -View
Cemetery. " . .
SHEPPARD— In this city. December 5. 1903.
Nora Everen Sheppard. beloved daughter of
• MS. and Ida B. Phetteplace. and devoted
sister of Alvln W. Phetteplace anrt Mrs. L.
H. "Butterfleld, a native of Michigan, aged
24 years and 28 days.
STEWART— In this city, December 8, 1903,
Frances A., widow cf the late T. T. Stew-
art,- aged 76 years. (New Orleans and Can-
1 andaljtua. N. Y., papers please copy.)
Itjr Funeral and - interrntnt private.
STINSON — In this city. -December 7. 1903. So-
phie wife of the late- Perry - Stlnson. and
: mother ot William H.'. Frances J.. Harry S.
and Ida M.- Stlnson and the late Katie A.
Byram. a native of Scotland, aged 76 years.
{CTThe funeral will take place to-day
(Wednesday), at 9 :S0 o'clock, from her late
¦ residence. 3176 Washington street, where ser-
vices will be held, commencing st the above
*-- hour. Ir.term*nt Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by
-electric funeral car from, Eighteenth and
: .. Guerrero street*. . - > . -
; VOLLERS— In S*n Mateo, December 6. 1903.
:^^iDf.R.LWals!i
.«H|jjtYL k»J rttzmtl 'ita's! prw.Ui
fiSj + UF at kls fcnntr «flstJ
tfc w 847 Geary St:
¦ ' lit tot' 7 ojpoilu fanUg* Hall
Reduced Rates for Thirty Daya
Painless Extraction . . . . . 25c
fllilnjls. . ..:...:... .50c'
Crowns. . ... .$2.00 to. $3. 00
Plate Work . . . $5.00 to $23.00
IMS TOJ, TBU AftSAQS 01 SU MX.Junk Dealers In Trouble.
S. Cooper and W. Farber, junk dealers.
¦ Wedding cake boxes, wedding stationery. Ed
ward S. »KnowIes.\ 24 Second 4 St., v Main 593. •
;The will of the late Louis Lubosch
was filed . for probate yesterday^ • He'
bequeaths^ his, estate, which' is worth
$12,300,'; to .his - five children. Albert
arid : George" Lubbsch are; each to re
ceive . $1000; Melville Lubosch, 1300,
and'Mrs. Lena Label and Sarah Phil
lips, $5000 each.
Leaves Estate to Ills Children.
J. G. Gray, for a number of years
agent of the "Southern Pacific Com
pany at Riverside; has. been appointed
to succeed ,C. J. Jones at Sacramento,'
the latter having. come tp^ this oity.'to
fill the position of freight agent at the
Fourth ; and ; Townsend streets Vofflce. :
from which Mi\ ; Chappel recently re
tired after many, years of service. •-
W. "W. : Gingles, who^ has - held i; the
position of .agent, of; the: Southern'Pa
cific Company.' at ' Hanford for a;num
ber of .' years, "has resigned ;tb\ accept
employment as cashier, of ¦¦¦- the f First
National Bank of .Oroville.' He" is now.
in this -city. * ; . ¦'.
Changes in Freight" Offices.
Andrea Varga, a Portuguese farm
hand from Pleasanton,* 26 years old, was
accidentally suffocated'. Monday night
by illuminating gas in a lodging-house
at*1300% Stockton street. He was on
his way to' rejpin .his mother in Portu
gal and had been warned against blow
lrig*outthe';gas.
Accidentally ' Suffocated.
Owens, Varney & Green, who claim
to have a lease of the fence around the
lot at the corner of Washington and
Polk ; streets, applied yesterday to the
Superior Court for- an injunction re
straining T. W. Brennan, Augusta
Ames, A; Bloch and the Al Dodge Com
pany from using the fence for adver
tising purposes. The plaintiffs • claim
the sole >ight under their lease.
Advertising; . Men at Outs.
. The United States Civil Service Com
mission announces that the examina
tion for clerk (female) skilled in type
writing and cataloguing, scheduled, to,
be held on November 11 and 12, waa
postponed and will be held on Decem
ber 15 and 16 at San Francisco. A Age
limit, 20 years or over; , salary, $840 per.
annum. Persons ; who desire to com
pete should apply to- the United \ States
Civil Service Commission,, Washington!
D. C, or to the secretary Consolidated
Board of Examiners, 301 Jackson street,
for form 1312, . which should be properly
executed and filed with the commis
sion at Washington?jSH§PQ
An examination will .be held at San
Francisco January 5 for. the position of
mammal taxidermist (male) V ln r :the
United States Museum, Washington, D.
C, at $900 per; annum. Age limit,'. 20
years or over. . Application .form . 1312.
Apply as before. BrSJfflfiHaBB
Civil Service Examinations.
Chin Nue"y, who was shot in China
town on Saturday night,' swore out
warrants before Police Judge Cabaniss
yesterday for the arrest of Wong Ah
Chuey, Fong Wah and Mah Noon on
a charge of assault to murder. The
three defendants are members of the
Sen Suey Ying tong and Chin Nuey
belongs to the ; Hop. Sing tongr. .The
defendants ; have been in hiding since
the shooting and the police . believe
that Mah Noon has left the city.
Warrants Ont for Highbinders.
; William Little, ; saloon-keeper , on
Howard : street, near" Fourth, swore to
a complaint before Police Judge Mo
gan yesterday charging W. J. Watson,
alias Harry Howard, and W.H. Owens
¦with robbery. Watson was booked on
Sunday night after his arrest and Ow
ens was booked yesterday. Detectives
Ryan and Taylor are still searching
for . "the • Kid," the third member of
the trio v of j thugs, who was, the. look
out; during the hold-up In Little's sa
loon. " ,'¦¦ ...'; ¦ r : . ...
Charged "With Robbery.
Objects to Asiatics.
The San Francisco * Labor Council
has forwarded a communication to
the Board of Supervisors reciting that
the law and legislative committee of
the council has been instructed to ap
pear before the board and petition
that when granting a franchise to any
railroad company, a condition be ex
acted by the' board that no Asiatics
shall be employed in the construction
of the road.
Cannot Reinstate Firemen.
City ; Attorney Lane yesterday ad
vised the Fire Commissioners that it
-The Supervisors' Health Committee
yesterday decided to correspond with
Eastern cities regarding the plumbing
regulations now in force there. The
information is desired for the purpose
of revising the local plumbing regu
lations.
Seeks, Light on Plumbing.
United States District Judge de Ha
ven yesterday sustained the' demurrer
to the indictment charging William F.
Dasha, Thomas J.-Dempsey, T. T. Bur
nett and Li Lim with conspiracy to
land Chinese laborers illegally. The
indictment was ordered quashed and
the • case was referred to the present
Grand Jury for reindictment. Demur
rers to the two indictments against
Dasha, Dempsey and Burnett, Wong
Din and Horn Toon were overruled.
Chinese Conspiracy Cases.
T^e"; Board of Public Works yester
day notified the Municipal Civil Ser
vice Employes' Association that its
request to post notices of meetings in
the City Hall had. been denied. The
board says that it has employes who
are members of other organizations
and they might desire' a similar privi
lege.
*Cannot Post Notices.
Hope for the best and try to induce
your husband to buy a gas range from
S. F. Gas and Electric Co., 415 Post st. •
Canada produced more than $4,000,009
worth of- pig iron last year.
Janice Emmons, one of the three
¦women who were injured early on the
morning of November 7 last by the
"turning turtle" of an automobile at
# lhe corner of Golden Gate avenue and
Steiner street, filed a suit for $1500
damages yesterday against the Mobile
Carriage Company, owner of the ma
chine, and A, G. Faulkner, the driver.
She says the accident 'was caused by
the recklessness displayed by Faulk
ner. A feature of the complaint is the
' allegation . by Miss .Emmons that the
accident occurred while the party was
on its way home from the Cliff House,
and that she was the guest of a per
son whose name she did not know.
Says Chauffeur Was Reckless.
City Attorney Lane has requested
the Superintendent of Schools to fur
nish a full ? statement of the' loss, of
$300 deposited by Mls3 E. M. Molloy
on January 26, 1897, with former
Treasurer Widber to be placed to the
credit of the teachers' annuity fund.
The money was handed to ex-Deputy
Montanya, who claims to have turned
it over to his superior, Widber, who
is now in San Quentin prison,for em
bezzling more than $100,000 of the
city's funds.
Loss in Annuity Fund.
Asks for Additional Appropriation.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 8.— Secretary
Shaw today transmitted to the House
a request for $15,000 additional for the
Department of Justice, for "enforce
ment oZ the anti-trust Iaw3."
I.atUeB' Hati.
Over 200 hats, very latest models, at
ETeatly reduced prices. Lease expires
Feb. 1. Entire stock sacrificed. Mrae.
Dosch, 207 Post street- • •
Reduced rates on household goods to it from
the East & South. Sekin's. 11 Montgomery st. "
Mrs. William Wallace McLeod,
president of the Sunshine Society of
Los Angeles, has sent a letter to the
Board of Health asking if Mrs. Todd
is still an inmate of the leper hospital
in this city. The, society desires to
send Mrs. Todd a Christmas boxl Mrs.
Todd is still in the hospital and a let
ter written by the unfortunate wom
an, in which she expresses a prefer
ence for some warm wrappers, has
been mailed to Mrs. McLeod.
Christmas Cheer for Leper.
The case of Jean Lapique, who has
spent eight years in the County Jail
waiting trial on a charge of forgery,
will come up for # trial before Judge
Cook this morning. Lapique insists
upon being his own law-yer and the
Judge yesterday expressed a doubt as
to his sanity. He suggested that the
District Attorney take the necessary
steps to have the question passed
upon, which will be done this morn
ing.
Lapiquc 3Iay Be Insane.
Andrea Sbarboro, president of the
Manufacturers' and Producers' Asso
ciation of California, is conferring
with C. F. Marlette of . the United
"States Department of Agriculture rela
tive to the establishment of a colony
of silk workers on. the property of the
Swiss-Italian Colony at Asti, Sonoma
County, for the purpose of engaging in
the production of silk in California on
a large scale. Mr. Marletto has re
cently been investigating the possibili
ties of silk culture in San Diego
County.
Mr. Marlette says he has been as
sured by two prominent men that they
will help to get the nucleus of the
industry together. One of these is A.
Sbarboro, who has said that the-suc
cess of the Asti colony Would enable
him to get all the capital that is need
ed for the silk-growing proposition.
Mr. Marlette 'says also that he has
great faith in the success of the trial.
It would not be necessary to have the
silk workers engaged all the time. at
Asti in the. silk industry. ' The silk
and grape seasons are different. The
Secretary of Agriculture and also Dr.
Howard of the department are inter
ested in the matter. .
.Jlr. Marlette will see whether the
officers of immigration will oppose the
bringing in of a small colony of silk
workers from Northern Italy. Only a
few months in the year is devoted to
silk culture. -Women, children and
other laborers. are engaged in the in
dustry in Italy. -The starting point is
to get the skilled labor from there, so
Mr. Marlette says, to give the new in
dustry a fair start. , '
Labor Can Be Obtained.
Sbarboro Tells Government Entomolo
gist That Capital Is Ready if Skilled
SILK CULTURE INDUSTRY
MAY BE TRIED AT ASTI
arrested for having purchased large
quantities of copper wire from thieves
who had stolen it from the Govern
ment, appeared before United States
Court Commissioner Heacock yester
day morning and their ball was fixed at
$1000 each. Friday of next week was
set as the date for the preliminary ex
amination.
has not the power to reinstate George
Van Pool in the Fire Department Van
Pool resigned from the department on
March 4, 1903. His resignation was ac
cepted and the vacancy filled by the
Civil Service Commission.
At a meeting: of the Chamber of
Commerce held yesterday the follow
ing resolutions were adopted: That
the California delegation in Congress
be requested to co-operate with Sena
tor Perkins to secure the passage of
the bill establishing a life-saving sta
tion at Halfmoon Bay; that indorse
ment be given the administration in
its effort to acquire an isthmian canal;
that the California delegation in Con
gress be asked to support the bill pro
viding for a road from Valdez to Ea
gle City, Alaska, and that the Secre
tary of State be requested to extend
and improve the consular service in
South Africa-
An invitation from the Merchants*
Exchange that the chamber be repre
sented at the laying of the corner
stone of the new Exchange building
on December 14 was read.
The Commercial Coffee Exchange
of Rio Janeiro, Brazil, sent a com
munication requesting co-operation
in the extension of trade. The Inter
national Marine Association sent an,
invitation for a representative to be
present at its next session to be held
in Lisbon. Spain, in May, 1904.
Various Resolutions Respecting Na
tional Affairs Are Adopted and
Communications Presented.
The cornerstone of the new building
of the Merchants* Exchange on Cali
fornia and Leidesdorff streets will be
laid at noon next Monday. ' The pro
gramme of exercises will, consist of
speaking mainly. There will be no
band and no feasting will follow.
Representatives of all the commercial
organizations in the city, will be in
vited to attend the cornerstone laying.
In the stone will be placed the usual
collection of objects of contemporary
interest — coins, photographs, a copy
of the bylaws and constitution of the
exchange, various historical publica
tions and a picture of the old Mer
chants' Exchange building that stood
formerly on the site of the present
structure.. President William Babcock
will preside while the stone is laid.
The frame of the new building is up
several stories. The structure, when
completed, will have cost $1,300,000.
Inception of New Structure Will Be
. Marked by the Customary
Ceremony.
CHAMBER OF COMMERCE
HOLDS MONTHLY MEETING
MERCHANTS' EXCHANGE
TO LAY CORNERSTONE
Interlocutory decrees of divorce for
cruelty were granted to John H. Paton
from Josephine W. Paton, Mary E.
Robinson from William Robinson and
Frank P. Mussio from Mamie Mussio.
The Mussios were married less than
six months ago.
Suits for divorce were filed by Millie
Randhahn against Richard Randhahn
for cruelty, and Isabella Williams
against Richard Williams for deser
tion. Emolyne Cordelia Halliday, who
was married to John D. Halliday at
Redding in 1S99, is seeking a divorce
on the ground 'of desertion, charging
that Halliday left her in July, 1900.
Judge Seawell granted Charles Rey
nolds a divorce from Mary E. Reynolds
on the ground of technical desertion.
They also, like the Cowells, lived' jn the
same house, but not as husband and
wife. According to the testimony, the
fault lay with Mrs. Reynolds. Rey
nolds and Adela Mulford furnished the
testimony, on which the decree was
granted. They both refusedt,t6 take an
oath, telling the court they preferred to
affirm. The" Reynoldses were married
twenty^three years ago in Indiana.
Queer indeed has been the method of
living adopted by Clara D. Cowell,
aged 60, and Henry C. B. Cowell, her
husband, aged 46. They brave been hus.
band and wife for eleven years. For
eight years they lived happily together
in Oakland and a little boy was born
to them. Then they moved to this city
and took up their residence in the
Western Addition, in a home erected
by Cowell. But, for some reason un
known to Mrs. Cowell, they did not
live together. Mrs. Cowell and her lit
tle boy. occupied the upper portion of
the house and the husband and father
lived in the lower portion. For three
years they lived thus, seeing each other
daily, but meeting as strangers. Mrs.
Cowell made repeated attempts at a.
reconciliation, but. Cowell repulsed all
her advances, and finally she deter
mined to sue for a divorce.
She filed the action charging her
husband : with desertion. He was
served with a summons, but refused to
answer, and yesterday, when the case
came up in Judge Graham's court, his
default was entered. Mrs. Cowell was
granted an interlocutory ''decree, her
evidence and the evidence of a neigh
bor proving that Cowell, though re
siding in the same house as his' wife,
was to her no more than a stranger.
The property rights of the couple were
settled by stipulation.
When the committee announced its
decision, E. P. E. Troy wanted to be
heard, \ but Chairman Braunh'art or
dered him to sit down. Finally Troy
was granted permission to speak and
asked the committee to insert a condi
tion that the company keep Point Lo
bos averse in repair.
Platt stated that the company will
agree to pave the space between the
rails and for two feet on either side
thereof, as required by the law in the
matter of granting street railroad fran
chises, and will incorporate a condition
to this effect in the orfer.
Owing to the opinion of the. City
Attorney that the board has no right
to grant a temporary permit for the
road's- operation, it "was agrreed to take
no action on that point. Braunhart
declared that nothing would be done in
the matter of the disposition of the
road before next June, when thp* bud
get is adopted, as. it might be deter
mined that the city operate the road
out of its current revenues. Supervisor
Loughery thought a franchise should
be granted to the highest bidder and
that action should be taken in that re
gard, as he was not in favor of al
lowing the road to run on sufferance
until next June. Brauiih3«*t thought
there was alarge element that would
oppose" the graritingof a franchise. It
was suggested that the $240,000 paid in
under, the specfal levy for schools and
a hospital, since declared illegal, could
be used to accuire the road, but there
was a diversity of opinion on that
point.
The Supervisors' Public Utilities Com
mittee, yesterday adopted a resolution
providing that the treasurer .of t,he
Geary-strot Railway Company pay to
the City Treasurer 5 per cent of the
gross receipts of the company, in ac
cordance'with the provisions of the
charter, beginning November 7, 1903,
and to continue during the temporary
operation of the road by thecompany. .
The resolution also provides that the
city shall waive none of its rights by
the acceptance of the percentage from
the company, which is specifically bar
red from asserting any rights to the
rails, subways or roadbed along the
route of th»" road.
As a measure t/f precaution the reso
lution was referred to the City Attor
ney for his legal opinion as to whether
the acceptance of the money by the
Treasurer would jeopardize the rights
of the city in any particular.
President Platt stated that the direc
tors of the. company had voluntarily
submitted by resolution an offer to pay
5 per cent of the gross receipts pend
ing the sale of a franchise to the high
est bidder and would ask no affirmative
action on the part^of the Supervisors.
The committee objected to the clause
providing for the sale of the franchise,
as it did not know what disposition of
the road would be made, since it might
decide' to recommend the purchase of
the roacl by the city or might favor
that a "boulevard be made of Geary
street.
Frederick W. Dohrmann introduced a
resolution protesting against the
change of grade on Parnassus avenue,
now Under consideration by the Board
of Public Works. The proposed changes
of grade, it is claimed, will seriously af
fect the entrances to the Affiliated Col
leges and damage the property. Attor
ney Snook of the Board of Regents
was Instructed to file a protest with
the Board of Public Works before its
consideration of the subject to-day.
Dr. Eugene Waldemar Hilgard, pro
fessor of agriculture and director of
agricultural experiment stations for
the. university, has advised President
Wheeler that he will offer $125 yearly
for a graduate scholarship in memory
of his wife and son, to be known as
the "Hilgard Memorial Graduate Schol
arship." A vote of thanks was offered
by the Regents to Professor Hilgard for
his gift.
On recommendation of President
Wheeler, Dr. Alfred Emerson was ap
pointed lecturer in archaeology and
given the title of professor. Dr. Emer
son has had a distinguished career and
will be a valuable acquisition to the
university. .
Astronomer Hussey, now In Australia
with the Carnegie- Commission, was
granted further leave of absence for a
month and a half without pay.
Along the same lines, he asked the
regents to establish a hospital where
students, who were without means for
hiring nurses and medical attendance
could be taken care of properly. He
cited several instances to show that
the illness of students was not any
body's business in particular and they
were left to suffer alone in improper
surroundings when they should be
given the best attention procurable.
He also recommended a semi-annual
inspection, of lodging-houses occupied
by students, to the end that unsanitary
quarters might be wiped oft the lists of
the Y. M. C. A. and the university,
which measure he felt would suffice to
compel lodging-house keepers to main
tain their premises in sanitary, condi
tion. All of these recommendations
seemed to meet. with' the approval of
the regents present and -were referred
to the committee on grounds and build T
ings and the- finance commLttee with
full power to act. ' -»
OBJECTIONS TO, GRADE.
WISHES A HOSPITAIj.
Clean towels are a crying need in the
University^ of California, according to
the recommendations urged by Presi
dent Wheeler before the regular meet
ing of the Board of Regents at the
Hopkins Art Institute yesterday.after
noon. 1 President Wheeler said Muit in
the gymnasiums of the university the
students supplied their own towels 'and
kept them rigorously in the line of
duty until they could be leaned against
a wall like a plank. Only on such a
showing are they sent to the laundry to
be mangled and made pliable again.
As a consequence of this procedure,
students are given to using towels be
longing to their, fellows that have not
attained a state of rigidity and nu
merous cases of skin disease inocula
tion have resulted. He recommended
that the towel supply in the baths of
the gymnasium be supervised by the
college authorities and that a fee of $3
a year becharged against all students
belonging to the gymnasiums to insure
a supply of clean towels.
President .Wheeler made several rec
ommendations in regard to the health
of the students. He wished that 'a reg
ular examination be made -by the col
lege bacteriologist of the three water
supplies of the institution to determine
whether or not the. water supply wa3
perfectly . pure. Further, - he recom
mended that students should have an
opportunity of subjecting themselves
to medical examination without charge
whenever they felt ill, in order to guard
against the introduction of Infectious
diseases among the students..
Mrs. Clara D. Cowell, Weary
of Loneliness, Sues for a Di
vorce From H. C. 33. Cowell
Corporation 3Iust Waive All
Rights to the Rails, Subway
and Roadbed Along the Line
Protests Made Against the
¦ Change .of Grade Proposed
Sear the -Affiliated Colleges
NO TEMPORARY PERMIT
URGES NEED OF A HOSPITAL
SAYS HE IGNORES HER
Wife Charges Husband With
Desertion, Though the Same
Koof Covers Both of Them
Geary-Street Railway Company
Agrees to Turn Over Five
Per Cent to City Treasury
President ¦¦}'* Wheeler Suggests
Numerous Measures for Pro
tecting: Health of Students
DWELL APART
IN ONE HOUSE
TO PLAY PART
OF RECEIPTS
CLEAN TOWELS
ARE DEMANDED
THE SAN : FRANCISCO iCALL; WEDNESDAY,'' DECEMBERS 9, •1903.
16
' ADVEBTISEMENTS.
TOU<^NSAVE
TIME arid ;
MONEY...
.By Coming Directly to -
TpNEW BOOK STORE
23 Grant Avenue,
For Any Book You Want
AS EVERY ONE KNOWS
We come i nearer having; a
COMPLETE V STOCK of
books than any, store in {ITiE
WEST/ and we consistently
sell books at the LOWEST
PRICES quoted in San; Fran-
cisco.
Latest $1.50 Fiction
Our Price 11.08
I Lowest Price in the Unitet! States
./- H CATALOGUE READY.
Sent Free to >Y our! Aiddress.
• Open Evenings. ¦-.
APVEBTISKflTEirTS; _ , :.
Special Values in LADIES' and GENTS'
LINEN and SILK
FOR THE HOLIDAY TRADE
Ladles' Linen Cambric and peer Linen Inltlalei
•Handkerchiefs! quarter-lncn hem— ' ;
$1.00, $1.50, $2.25 and $3.00 box
f- " ¦ (Half Dozen In Box.)
Gents' Linen Cambric Initialed Hanlkerchlefsr
half-inch hem— ¦ $1.50, $2 40 and $3.oo box'
Z. . (Half Dozen In Box.)
Laaies' Linen CamhHc and Linen Lawn Hem-
stl'tGhed Handkepchlsfs, % and % inch hem—
$1.00, SI 50, $2.25, $3.00 up to $9.00 dozan
Gents' Linen Cambric Hemstitch2d Handkercblefs,
In % X A ani 1 Inch hem-
Si. 75, $2.40, $3.00 up to $9.00 doz9n
Ladies' Hemstitched and Embroidered Sheer Linen
Handkerchiefs—
15c, 25c, 50c, 75c. 61.C0 up to $5.00 each
Ladies' Lace Trimmed Linen Lawn Handkerchiefs—
25c, 50c, 75c up to $1.50 each
Ladles' Real Duchesse Lacs Handkerchiefs—
$1.25, $1.75, $2.50 up to $25.00 each
Ladles' Hemstitch3d and Embroidered Linen Lawn
Handkerchiefs; putuplnfancu toxes, half dozen,
in each— $1.50 and $3.00 box
Gents'. Japanese 'Silk Handkerchiefs, with handsome
embroidered Initials— 40c, 50c, 75c and $1.00 each
Children's Plain and Initialed Handkerchiefs, In
fancu boxes— 25c, 30c and 50c each
Full line of Gents' Silk Mufflers and Reefers,
Fancy Neckwear, Umbrellas and Kid Gloves,
Nj7^\nr 17 T Orders by mall recelvs prompt attention.
vf'V 1 l_* « ai; orders for samples or goods filled
gjaaaaw, ¦ and shipped sams day they are received x
* ¦ ¦ - ¦/ „... ._. ' — :
/ . ¦ " - ¦ ¦
ill, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREEf,
ADVEBTISE^EENTS. ¦ _
and save money in keep-
. ing up appearances. You
need money around the v
holidays; you need Cloth-
ing, too. Come down to
Brown's and find out how
to dress well and save
dollars at the same time.
Clothing, for Man, Boy
and Child. Fit, Fabric.,
and Finish the best for
the money.
'LooH Out for Boys' and Children's Great Gift Days.
MILL TO MAN.
¦ v .¦• ADVEBTISEMENTS.
H^n^ror?^ Is cur proposi-
¦ '•¦" '-^P> ' ¦ tion to you for a
. w '.- *•% ... ¦ . good ~ - r made-to- \
: V-.l! ' • - ' .order suit.' ¦ .
I 'A ' - among ¦ the • most
" " \^\ ctl * «nd'our tall-"
'•y'jjj ' . ora are as expert"
. ' ¦ as* can; be found ¦
¦;¦;. .-'; »W"1 ; j anywhere.-. We;
ir.jdsl ¦¦ guarartee perfect
' jfljffiif i ' ' satisfaction.' .
I JL' There 13 no
•a 50 " ¦ \ j "P ¦ , reason ¦ why "„ you '
'. 1 ( . , ' ' should not; wear'
V s ¦ "good clothes. ..
A. B. SfllTH C0.
Up-to- Date Tailors ¦,
128-132;- ELUS STREEr, P i^!
TV ,BAN>RANC:803 .' ¦ ''
ADVEBTISE2EENTSL
Weathered OaK
Flemish Oak v
Golden OaK
Furniture
20% DISCOUNT J
From Regular Prices I
DINING-ROOM I
FURNTTUBE \
BEDROOM' TURNITUBE L
LffiRABY FURNITURE §*
HALL FURNITURE
CHAS. M. PLUM & CO.
Ninth and MarKet Streets I
330 wKRKET *Sr.5lS!m8r
„: AD VEBTISEIffTlNTS. .
j Have you W n| 7^5f Jk yOo
j j seen our rs tH Hf »^ ¦
Ij new Fifth Jm 13 VM The very
I Floor with if la \w lhln * to v rc *
j] its long line il >l j corner of the
|j Library Fur- mo^shaped 3
II weathered )\ If Pi \\ anizcdb| «'ch
|J oak? Every \\ B f If IJ wIt| *^ !a "° p<>1
k Come In and look over our extensive Hries of holiday
, furniture. Get your ideas now; choose now if you- wish
[^ and have your choice delivered at your, order.
Ljl^LJ^^^li— ?!L! ' «¦¦, .iS^r 2^ 5 " 2 — r Post; *st.