CARDINALS IN CONCLAVE
PREPARATORY. TO BALLOT
ING FOR A POPE.'
So seldom; have the majority, of the
Cardinals 'hero met .one another and s6
widely doVthey differ i In nationallty. r and
personality, >¦ that no organized movement
In support of any. one Cardinal has thus
far -'been 'practicable, : nor. in- fact, seri
ously attempted. 'This* does riot cpply.to
" the ' Italian f -\ Cardinals, who nearly all
are well acquainted Vwlth - one 1 another^
With their' numerical "strength , the * Ital
ian Cardinals, if unlted/practlcaily-insufe
the election .of- a iPontift. of Uheir.-own
choice.' 'It.; is -the -disunion and^rlvalry
among j' the'/ Italian '^Cardinals , which; -In
fact; leaves"; th« question of the successbr
'bHIp ; so,' -'open "as v to ' make, one 'guess' ai
jnost as 'good !;a's'. [another. v ,, '
.. The Vrival clainis'j'of 'the leading .Italian
Cardlpals,';so - freely . ventilated 'f In : the ; lo
cal'- press, '. are '._ matters which ¦ are all .Im-
Prognostications', as .to., who 'will wear
the tiara as .Leo's successor have little
•value, as 'even the Cardinals, who ihls
evening, entered their, cells, seemed to be
without definite . ideas as to the Issue;
Cardinals Rampdlla; Seraflno .Vannutelll,
Dl Pletro,-. Gotti , and Oreglia 'continue to
bo moat frequently "mentioned as the like
ly candidates, but' the moment the name
of one of-^them is /mentioned ra hundred
reasons "are-, supplied to show that he
could' not.* possibly be' elected.
yypME., July.31.-The general- im
• m M preselon .exists | that within two
JHL or ' three days-possibly, though
• •; not; probably, to-morrow— a- Pope
• ' ¦ will have ;been. chosen.' But- no
matter how". loftg a Mme may be required;
the absolute seclusion of > the ' princes of
the church from | the outer world . must;
according;' to the "church law," continue
until' a choIcVls made:
JlUExitfoftheVm'
icqn Securely
. Sealed. •:
Continued on Page '2, Column : 3.
BURWELL. Nebr., July 31.— The entire
family of D. W. Ward, , a merchant," was,
poisoned by eating • sardines/-, Mr. .Ward
and two children are dead and : a.'- third
jtfuld Is dying. Mrs.' Ward will recover.
Entire Family Is 'Poisoned.
Fire Dstroys Oregon Town.
PORTLAND. Or.. July 31.— A special to
the Oregoulan from Halsey says the town
of Alsea. in Benton County, was destroyed
by fire this afternoon. No particulars
Lave been received. 88$
JEFFERSONVILLE, Ind., Julyv 3i;-L.
Robert Lee'; : the negro who , shot" Police
man ¦ Louis Massey. at .Evantsville,'; July; 3, '
and started the riot, that resulted- ln«; the'
death and injury of many citizens,; died
here in prison I to-day., from ;. the effects' of
a wound, in the^lungs, caused by, a bullet
fired by Massey. Lee's wife was killed' by
a train a few days ' af tcr the 'riot.; •. >;j
Man Who Started Riot* Dies.
KANSAS CITY, Mo.. July 31.-Ben W.
Starnes, the one-armed life prisoner, who
escaped in a. daring manner on Saturday
last from the Federal prison at|Fort
Leavenworth, Kann.. was captured early
to-day near Mo., after being
shot in the leg by one of a' posse that had
been chas.'i'g -him for several days.
Starnes was serving sentence. for robbing
a train; in Indian- .Territory. He had
escaped from the State penitentiaries of
Colorado and. Tennessee. . '
Starnes Is Captured.
• PARIS. July 31.-Mrae.'Tremblay. who
alleges that she witnessed the automobile
accident -by which Mr. and Mrs. Charles
II Fair lost their lives at Passy sur Eure
last August, 1 was examined to-day. She
positively .declared; _that .Mrs. Fair was
killed on the spot, and that her hus
band'si legs continued to twitch for some
seconds. Mme. Tremblay further assert
ed that -she saw -two cyclists in the vi
cinity,'but she was- unable to identify the
photos. of Mas and Maurane and asked to
be confronted J with" them in person.
Woman Who Witnessed Automobile
Accident Is Positive in Her
Statement. ¦¦
TESTIFIES THAT FAIR .
OUTLIVED HIS WIFE
NEW YORK. July 3L— When an ele
phant weighing a* ton and a half s*hoots
the chutes from a height of something
like seventy feet, that elephant is earn
ing her fodder with a vengeance. Show
people say that no elephant has performed
the task, but Chief Organizer Thompson
of the Luna Park show at Coney Island
has come pretty near staking his repu
tation as a schemer that the elephant
Betty will - do this stunt at the Island
next Wednesday.
The trainer to-day brought the elephant
out and. with hardly a protest. Betty
walked right up the incline to the top of
the chutes. The v German "boy" who had
charge of the sagacious beast then got
on her back and she walked down with
him In that position.
The plan Is to get Betty perfectly ac
customed to every piece of the structure
arid to plunge into the lake. The "boat"
that they will build for Betty In which' to
do the act will be especially heavy.
Big Betty Is Being Taught a New
Sttmt That Will Give Her '..¦ j
Renown.
CONEY ISLAND ELEPHANT
WILL SHOOT THE CHUTE3
GALWAY, Ireland. July 31.— King Ed
ward, Queen Alexandra and their party
¦left Galway by train this morning for
Kenmare, where they arrived at 3 p. m.
and met an enthusiastic reception. They
visited the convent and then rode in a
motor to Deeren House, the residence of
Lord Lansdowne, where they were enter
tained by his lordship. The King arid
Queen afterward proceeded to Bremcr
haven and embarked on board the royal
yacht Victoria and Albert, bound for
Q u eenstown.
The weather to-day was beautiful arid
the ecenes witnessed yesterday were re
peated at all the stopping places, the peas
ants and landlords turning' out in full
numbers and giving every evidence of
loyalty. This was especially noticeable at
Limerick, which was passed by the royal
party on their way to Kenmare. A great
crowd of people at Limerick gave their
Majesties a most cordial greeting.
Repeated at Each Stop
ping Place.
Scenes of Enthusiastic Welcome Are
LOYAL IRISH GREETING .
TO KING AND QUEEN
SEATTLE, Wash., July 31.— The recent
gold strike made on Fourth of July and
Ruby creeks, about 120 miles from White
Horse, will probably 'prove to be one of
the richest ever made in tha north. K.
Henderson, an old minej, has returned to
White Horse from the district. lie was
through the. Dewson : Creek stampedes
and .says thecountry is the richest he has
ever been in. He says he bilieves it will
produce more gold than any of the creeks
in the Klondike. Henderson has staked
claims on both creeks,' and has already
refused* large sums of money for his
property. On the way out Henderson
met one woman stampeder. '" He says the
Indians In the country are making for the
new diggings, as all have faith in "Daw
son Charley," the discoverer of the new
fields. Henderson made the trip from
Ruby Creek to White Horse in six days,
and says the trail 4s • now in excellent
shape.
The steamer Clossett has sailed from
White Horse, for Tahkeena River with a
load of prospectors. The Vidette is also
loading a supply"- of provisions, and will
soon leave for the gold fields.- About a
dozen stampeders cam; down to White
Horse on the last trip of tho Yukoner and
are making for the creeks.
Thirteen prospectors returned to White
Horse July 26, according to the officers of
the Bteamer Humboldt, *nd all brought
stories of the wealth of the new country.
It is said that gold Is found, on tho sur
face the fu'l length of Ruby and Fourth
of July creeks. The former creek has all
been, staked. The men returning came
for tools and provisions. None of 'the
prospectors had reached bedrock.* .
Epeci&l Dispatch to The Call.
NEW HAVEN. Conn., July 31.— That
•Borelli's comet has developed four tails
from its forked appendage Is t.he state
ment j made by observers in the Yale
University observatory. As the comet ap
proaches the sun in its precipitate at
traction it may develop .even more tails.
Comets hav* been known to 'have as
many as this, and one had six. tails. Pro
fessor W.L., Elkins, director of the ob
servatory, and ; Professor F. W. Chase
are nightly observers. A camera has
been trained upon /the track of the comet
every night for 'weeks past whenever the
sky conditions were favorable. In a 're
cent exposure of , four hours' duration a
negative was obtained, which by develop
ment chows' very plainly .three tails and
more faintly a fourth. •'
The comet ' is northeast of the
Great Dipper constellatlpn. '.'¦*."
Special Dispatch to The Call,
1 SAN RAFAEL, -July 31.— After • being
incarcerated .' in , the State prison for
nearly, twenty years /Fook Took, a Chi
nese, ; will . probably, be liberated. ,\ The
man Is serving a life sentence 1 for. raur-
der, but by a' technicality his attorneys
expect' to have him a. free man In a short
tlme.i ,• ; • > ¦; ;,•<;•-.-,,
• . Fook Took waB sent to . San Quentln in
January, 18S2,' to serve twenty years for
robbery , committed in" San Francisco. In
November, of the same year the Chinese
killed a . fellow convict ¦ in'i San Quentin.
He was tried before Judge Bowers, "then
"Superior Judge of Marin County. , He was
convicted and on Aprir 17, 1883, was sen
tenced; to life imprisonment. . On January
23, 1902, \ he became mentally deranged and
was sent to the Stockton Insane Asylum,
where he ; is at present domiciled. ¦
Fook Yook had no friends or money,
but; 'recently some \ relatives in < China
caused an investigation to be made. At
torney • : C. ,T. Hughes - of .San Francisco
was retained to' try to procure a pardon
for' f the "prisoner. . Upon investigation
Hughes ; found flaws. In -the commitment
and instead of asking for a pardon will
petition" for ¦ a • writ of habeas \ corpus.
The records of 'the -County- Clerk's office
has helped; to 'substantiate the ground for
release.',; ¦; ¦_.;/,;. ¦'",_ . ,
' v George -W. Davis was County Clerk of
Marin; at.the ; time 'Fook Yook. was sent
to ¦ prison '- for life, ; but a careful ; scrutiny
of therecords of his regime -fail to show
that any.' commitment vwas ever f entered
6r,>in 'fact that; the. Judgment' roll" was
ever \ filed or ' that , there were ;*any min
utes /kept? of .the. trial. . In fact, the only
record ; of .the ;case-at*all;are*.tbe 'filing
*bf ' ! Justice - Court proceedings and '¦¦ the
filing of 'the information; for - murder -in
the Superior,, Court.^,- These/ errors^ it is
claimed ¦ by ; attorneys here, are sufficient
' tot liberate ;.the >; prisoner.
" Fook Yook is 67 years old. '
• Special Dispatch to The Call.
< CLEVELAND. July 3L— The imperative
order of John D. Rockefeller closes the
Weddell House at midnight to-night. This
hotel ( is the • leading hostelry j of the city
.and until the last few years ranked
among the first. ¦ Last fall It was «old at
public auction' on foreclosure proceedings
and- was bid in by J. G. W. Cowles. Rock
efeller's agent. The, lease of the present
proprietors expires to-night and Rocke
feller is determined that the- hotel shall
be closed on account of the bar which Is
run in connection with the house,'
•Since* he acquired the property last f»U
he placed It in the name of the CleveU.:^
Trust Company until the lease had ex
pired. He has made plans to erect on the
hotel site a' large office building of ten
stories. In the present building there are
a number of stores, and the leases for all
of these will not expire until the first of
the year. Swan, the present proprietor,
was In hopes that he might be able to ex
tend • his ¦ lease until that time, but word
was received to-day from, the Standard
Oil magnate positively refusing to allow
the' hotel 'to continue with a bar attached.
Swan pleaded for another week, but tnls
also was refused. .
Special Dispatch to Tho Call,
Alaska Discovery
Reported to Be
JL .
. Marvelous.
Will Have Cleve
land Hostelry
Torn Down.
No Record o£ Com
mitment of Fook
Yook.
Yale Observers Get
Negative of the
The above dispatch is the first press
dispatch transmitted over the Pacific
cable.
MANILA. July 31.— Dominadnor Gomfz.
president of the Democratic Labor Union,
has been found guilty of contempt of
court and sentenced to imprisonment for
six months. When the union was de
clared bankrupt some time ago upon in
vestigation of its affairs by the Govern
ment, a newspaper connected with it was
suspended and placed in the hands of a
receiver. Gomez took it upon himself to
republish the paper and was promptly ar
rested upon the charge of contempt for
which he has Just been sentenced. . »
Gomez was arrested in May last upon a
charge of embezzlement of funds from
the labor union, the Government charging
that the money stolen was used to fur
nish arms and food to the insurgents of
Rizal Province. The union, which has a
membership of 15,000. has always been
closely allied with the National party,
and is strongly in sympathy with the in
surgents.
Sympathizer of the Insurgent Cau3«
Is Found Guilty of Con
tempt of Court.
C<>MEZ IS SENTENCED
TO SIX MONTHS IN JAIL
MURDERER
MAY REGAN
HIS LIBERTY
ROCKEFELLER
OBJECTS TO
HOTEL BAR
GOLD SHINES
IN SAND OF
THE CREEKS
LISBON, July SI.— To-day being the an
niversary of the granting of the Portu
guese constitution and also the anniver
eary of the birth of the Duke of Oporto,
brother of King Charles, the Cabinet
Ministers sent to the royaj 'castle at Cin
tra and congratulated the royal family.
The United States European squadron and
the Portuguese ships in those waters
dressed ship for the occasion and fired
calutes. Owing to the Observance of thjs
holiday the luncheon which Rear Admiral
Cotton was to give en board the Brook
lyn to-dty to the Minister of Public
Works was postponed indefinitely. The
day on which the banquet is to be given
on board the Brooklyn to the Portuguese
Ministers and local authorities has not
yet been determined upon. Portuguese
officials continue to visit the American
bhips acd are cordially received.
The attention of the public here has
been called to the fact that there are
large numbers of Portuguese, formerly
belonging to the Azores Islands, serving
as tailors on board the American -ships
generally end as musicians on board the
flagship Brooklyn. It is reported that, the
United States cruiser Chicago will sail
for New Tork to-morrow to undergo ex
tensive repairs there.
American Vessels Dress Ship in
Honor of Anniversary Celebra
tion at Lisbon.
PORTUGUESE HOLIDAY
OCCASIONS- AMENITY
FOUR TAILS
SWISH AFTER
THE COMET
This exhibition cf fossils, as rearranged
and made public to-day, represents the
results of thirty-three years of explora
tion and an expenditure of $250,000.
Each alcove contains a group of ar.i
' rr.ais, placed so as to 'show the evolution
in North America of the horse, the ele
phant, the mastodon and the rhinoceros.
Many cf the new and Important epeci
*nens were obtained by. the recent expedi
tion ~srat-«u£ *t the «xpenc* of -William
C. Whitney.
In the alcove devoted to the evolution
of the horse the results of the Whitney
explorations in Texas, Nebraska and
Colorado are Eho-rn. Besides the an
cestral four-toed horse, representing the
beginning of the series, there are shown
the three- toed and one-toed variety. The
first named specimen was found In the
Wind River beds In Wyoming and is
about the size of a fox. Its frame is not
unlike that of the whippet, the swiftest
Cog of Its size.
Efc*cUl Dicpaich to The Call
2CETV YORK, July SL— In striking com
parison 'with, the monstrous animals of a
collection of fossil mammals placed on
exhibition to-day at the -American
Museum of Natural History, is a clumsy
little skeleton of the pantolamoda. It Is
the oldest complete. mounted mammal In
existence. The curator says It Is 3,000,000
years old. It 'was found In New Mexico
and presents an Impressive example of
the possfbllites of evolution, as Illustrat
ing the . law cf progressive increase In
size.
The accident took place while No. 4 was
making good time down the grade from
the river with its two ¦ pufllng engines,
when No. 3 was sighted. After the crash
the oil from the burst tanks" spread
over the wreck and it immediately took
fire. The trainmen succeeded In saving
the cars. On No. 4 they cut loose tha
couplings and let the cars run far enough
down the grade to get them out of dan
ger. A freight engine on the other end
of the wreck drew away the cars of No.
3.* The passengers on the trains received
a severe shaking up. but no one was in-
Jifred. •
The crew of No. 5 admit that they mis
read their orders. The order, which was
received at Klngman. Ariz., was that the
two trains should meet at Mellen, a siding
Just over the line In California. No. 7s
crew unfortunately read it Needles, with
the terrible collision as a result.
The eastbound limited was In charge,
of Conductor E. Gibson and aboard were
Engineer L. H. Fitch and Fireman F. T.
Moore. The fireman Jumped and escaped
injury, while' Fitch sustained a bad shak
ing up. No. 3 was in charge of Condu-tor
Guy Carpenter, with Engineer Charles
Ireland and Fireman P. O. Beacham. All
three unloaded a moment before- the
crash came and Ireland and his fireman
were considerably injured, but not seri
ously. , r '
One of the victims taken from the
wreck has been identified as Albert D.
Shepler of San Francisco, who was on
his way to Los Angeles to meet his sister,
who resides at 601 Temple street. Los An
geles. The other two were pinned under
the" wreckage and incinerated by the
burning oil. '"-'-%
SAN BERNARDINO. July 3L— The
Santa Fe limited trains. Nos. 3 and 4. met
In a head-on collision eleven miles east
of Needles at 4:43 o'clock this morning.
The engines were- wrecked, several cars
were telescoped and three tramps, who
were ridlnej between the oil tank and
the baggage car of the westbound train,
were killed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Misreading of Important
; Orders the Cause of
the Disaster.
Wyoming Produces a Speci
men of the Four-Toed
Horse.
Development of North
American Animals
JLIaCGQ.
Three Victims Pound
in Debris After
the Wreck.
Trains Crash on a
Grade in the
"". South.
Rare Exhibits in
the Whitney
Collection.
EVOLUTION
AS SHOWN
BY FOSSILS
COLLISION
ENDS LIVES
OF TRAMPS
CARDINALS OF THE SACRED COLLEGE RETIRE INTO SECLUSION
TO BALLOT UNTIL THE SUCCESSOR O F POPE LEO XIII IS CHOSEN
T\0ME, July $i.— The largest conclave in the history', of; the '.Catholic churcti Has w in the Sistinc Cluxpel for the purpose of : electing to Leo
jfv -XIII. Sixty-two Cardiiials,\wiih more than 200 clerical and '7a^^&«iflM/i;;flr<f'!/6_-fl//jiM^;i^ andpurposes prisoners zvithin the Vatican. One of them, . Cardinal
Herrara y Espinosa, 'Archbishop- of; 'Valencia/ was • prostrated, immediately after enterm^ Cardinals
zvUl enter upon the solemn duty of choosing the'new Pope *tiyballofa\/J:^ ;> • f .
[SAN -FRANCISCO; SA^OTDA>y^j;AUGTJST -1, 1903.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCIV— NO. 62.
The San Francisco Call.Continued From '^age 1, Column 4.
After the mass of the Holy Ghost the
Cardinals assembled > as usual, in congre
gation. In* the hall of the Oonalatory.
where, contrary to usage, the rules of the
conclave were read and each Cardinal
took V-'c oath to -obey them. This cere
mony generally occurs in th» BHtfnca
Chapel, In the evening, jnst before shut
ting to the Cardinals for the , conclnve.
.After the ceremony the Cardinals hur
ried t. a way,, from the Vatican, to return
latt-f _wlth the more of jjesa numerou-:
article* which they deem ntceasary for
their attendance at the «onclave. . Some of
them ! tiaVe'«nade preparations as though
t of a . year's absence, while? dhers were
content ' 4i»:prepare' tot 'm tew day'* «o
joufn. a* th* VatlcaoJBBBptahM|
,The discomfort which the Cardinals will
tsperlt&c* by irctnf »hu« up la th» Vtti*
ROME, July 31.— The ceremony of the
entrance of the Cardinals in conclave,
which is always given as solemn a char
acter as possible, was inaugurated this
morning-wlth the celebration of the mass
of the Holy Ghost In the Paulin Chapel,
of the Vatican. Before 1870 this mass wai
celebrated in the Chapel of the Chpir~at
St. Peter's. The Sacred College. number-
Ing sixty-two Cardinals: the diplomatic
corps, the Roman aristocracy, the Knights
of Malta and a few outsiders, especially
Invited, were present, with- a profusion of
guards, who to-day had taken oft the
mourning emblems they had been wearing
for Leo XIII.
As Is always the case at such ceremo
nials there. was so much color In the pic
ture that one felt as though .witnessing
an exhibition of a series of living pictures,
until awakened to the grand reality of the
religious ceremony by, the singing of il.e
Sistlne Choir. Cardinal Vannutelll otflcl
ated. After the Venl Sancte Spiritus had
been intoned Monseigneur Sard!, from the
puplit (which was draped In red and stood
in the choir), having before him the pon
tifical cross,, read the Latin oration. Pro
Ellgendo.Pontlflca Maximo, exhorting the
Cardinals to make a wise choice In the
task -before- them, so that the one elected
to the supreme dignity sball be a worthy
vicar of Christ on earth. Printed copies
of the oration were handed to all the Car
dinals present.
MASS OF THE HOLY GHOST.
Charged With Felony.
Joseph B. D. Forde, 42 years of age,
was arrested at Reno, Nev., yesterday on
a warrant charging him with passing a
worthless draft for $73 on the Emporium
in this city. He was brought back to
San Francisco by Detective Ross Whit
aker last night.
Wound Proves Fatal.
Albert T. Henry, who sent a bullet into
his brain at his home, 119 Ninth street,
last Wednesday, died at the Emergency
Hospital yesterday from the effects of the
wound. The body was removed to the
Morgue.
giving to Stern. Long was used as the inter
mediary in both transactions. Over $22,000
was paid by the department for straps that
were furnished to Stern, though Stern had
contracted to furnish them himself. -
Long, Machen and Stern have been Indicted
In this case for conspiracy to defraud the
Government.
The department through the free delivery
division entered into an agreement with John
T. Cupper of Lock Haven. Pa., to furnish ma
terial and paint all of the letter boxes, package
boxes and letter box posts In the United States,
for which he was to receive 23 cents for each
poet, SO cents for each letter box and $1 for
each package box. The terms allowed Cupper
were far In excess of the former coat of paint
ing. The boxes An some of the larger cities
•were painted frequently, sometimes every year,
while In smaller cities in the mor* remote sec
tions of the country they were painted not to
exceed once in five or six years. A part of the
money which Cupper received from painting the
boxes he paid to W. C. Long, who divided It
with Machen.
The contract with the manufacturers of let
ter boxes requires them to paint the boxes
yet Cupper was ordered by Machen to paint the
boxes at the factory, and the department ha*
paid him over $18,000 for this unnecessary
painting. Cupper paid Long a part of thla
money, who divided It with Machen.
Cupper. Long and Machen have been in
dicted for conspiracy to defraud the Govern
ment.
The straps for which It is alleged the
Government was made to pay twice were
supplied by a New XOrk firm, which is
said to have acted entirely in gcod faith.
One of the indictments sets out that this
flrm in one Instance made a payment of
51760 to Long, who, according to tho evi
dence cited In the Indictment, paid Ma
chen $1060 of this amount. The supply
of the straps continued until the post
office investigation began and supply
matters were held up under orders of
Fourth Assistant Postmaster '. General
Brlstow. It is explained at the depart
ment that Crawford had the contract for
what were called the A, B and C satchels,
being those for city delivery, rural free
delivery and collectors In the cities,
while Runkle had /the contract for sup
plying tbe large size canvass duck satch
els for the collectors. These contracts
were for the six years— 1900-1905. Stern's
contract was prior to these.
NEW TORK. July 31.— Mrs. Lydla Hancock
Is dead at her home in Palmer, Mass., at the
age of 100 years and 1 month. .
portant In connection with the decision
of the conclave, because H is assumed,as,v
a foregone conclusitin thajt,the next 4 6c-f,
cupant of the Holy Bee .will, be an-ttaV*
Ian. The foreign -Cardinals have shown
no Indication of opposition to this'as
sumption, but, ho w«verr. willing they, are
to honor an Italian, It is believed that,
serious differences 'among the Italians •
themselves upon matters of. political- and.
religious, opinion, must- be-re.conciled •be
fore'one of them suttable to all section*
can be elected. •' The apparent difficulty of
accomplishing, this has rendered Interest.
in the conclave doubly acute and is large
ly responsible .for the * frequently ex
pressed opinion that some Caidlnal little
talked of may emerge from -the conclave
as -the next Pope. . . , ..
More interesting, perhaps, • in a certain
way, is tJje Impression -which = prevails
in certain sections that, no -matter fn hat:
the verdict of the conclave may be, great
changes are impending in "the policy of,
the Vatican.-and that, within a year or:
two the new Pope will no- longer con-'
aider himself , a prisoner in the .Vatican.,
but will, unlike Leo, leave its precincts
when necessary. -¦..¦¦. < .. ' •
Just before going- Into his cell to-day a
prominent Cardinal threw an interesting
sidelight upon the chances of Cardinal
Rampolla. Leo's Secretary ¦ of state has
been persistently, attacked-, recently by,
the Government paper?, for his temptfraC
power policy. ' ' . '.-' • '. -I
"I am not so sure," said the Cardinal,
"that the public attacks upon - Cardinal
Rampolla by the Government are not in
spired by the Quirinal wlth'a view-itf
working up among Catholics • and Cardi
nals a 3plrlt of enthusiasm for him which
might greatly increase his chances of
election. Indeed. It is perfectly certain
that th.e Italian Government would not
be at ail sorry to see Cardinal Rampolla
wear the tiara, as at heart I do not be
lieve the Government has any serious
disposition to alter the existing relations
between the Vatican and the Quirinal."
• There is no doubt that Cardinal Ram
polla, who is so well known to all the
Cardinals because of the position he held
under the late PopVj, has a strong follow
ing, but whether it is even approximately
strong enough to bring him within meas
urable distance of the Papal throne will
be revealed only when the first ballot Is
taken to-morrow. - '
Cardinal Seraflno Vannutelll was cer
tain, according to a statement of one of
those who entered the conclave to-night,
to obtain ten votes at the first ballot.
He la regarded as particularly friendly
to" Ireland and it Is understood has- the
support of Cardinal Logue, Archbishop
of Armagh, and, It is said, of Cardinal
Gibbons also. -
One of the interesting features of to*
day's preparations was the comparative
ignorance displayed by some of the Car
dinals concerning the conclave's method
of procedure. One of them, who looks
old enough to, have participated in any
number of conclaves (although Cardinal
Oreglia, of course, is the only member
of the Sacred College with previous ex
perience), Ingeniously admitted that, he
had not read the rules governing tech
nicalities of voting since he was a boy at
a seminary. All of the members of the
Sacred College, by mutual agreement,
took with them when they entered the
conclave sufficient clean linen to , last
three days. ".If, at the expiration of that
time, the conclave is still inecsslon, ar
rangements have been made'to pass out
the soiled linen on dumb waiters and
have the laundry work done by employes
of the Vatican. / ' .,
Before entering the conclave Cardinal
Gibbons requested the press to deny, all
interviews alleged to have been given out
by, him while In Rome, and also air pub
lished accounts of conversations he 13 al
leged to have had with private Individ
uals, referring especially to the state
ments of Italia to : the effect that he had
criticized the .policy, of Rampolla.
Until the conclave is . ended, 700 Italian
troops will remain In the piazza of St. Pe
ter's. 400 to the right and 300 to the left,
and 150 will be stationed in the piazza' of
St. Mark. Mounted carbineers and police
men : will ( patrol the .walls of , the Vatican.
"The gardens and streets adjacent tw the
Vatican will be watched day and nlgh% foy
Itching. Blind. Bleeding or Protruding. Piles.
Toor druggist ''will refund your money If PAZO
OINTMENT fails to cur* you. 60 cents, «
A Guaranteed Cure ' for Piles.
special Difpatch *o The Call
WASHINGTON', July 31.— The postofflce
investigation developed another sensation
to-day, the Federal Grand Jury returning
etverstl indictments. Involving cine people,
for alleged conspiracy and bribery in con
nection with postal affairs. A. W.
Machen, for many years the' head of the
free delivery servic*?, was named iointly
¦nitii others in four of the indictments,
'ihe other "persons were William Gordon
Crawford, who was deputy auditor for
the Postofflce Department from June J2,
1SS3. to September IS, 1S37, and is a mem
ber of one of the exclusive clubs "of this
t-ity; Leopold- J. _ Stern of Baltimore;
Gtorce E. Lorenz of Toledo. Ohio, former
iy a prominent official", and Martha J- Lb
lenz, his wife; John T. Cupper, Mayor of
Ixxk Haven, Pa.; Williafji C. Long, "an
Ohio man, who ppent much tiiSe in this
city in rec«-nt : years and an intimate
Iricnd of Machen; Maurice DunWe -of
New York City and Thomas W. Mc-
Gregor, a protege of Machen, who was a
messenger at the beginning of Machen's
administration' of the free delivery service
and in recent years in charge of the sup
plies.of the rural free delivery service."
Crawford voluntarily appeared in court
soon after the indictments were r.eturned
and furnished J10.000 bail, and "McGregor
likewise gave $5000 bail. Long was'ar
ifsted at his home, where Deputy Mar
thai Springman found him in bed. He
was released on SlO.oOO bonds.* »His was
tbe only case in which a bench warrant
was issued, owing to the voluntary action
of the others indicted. Machen 'was not.
xearrested under the new indictment, as
he gave bonds in $20,000. under hlsJndict
irents two weeks ago. and the. authorities
Xclt this was sufficient. to insure hi? ap
pearance. - • . - - .".
WOBK NOT COMPLETED..
Warrants have been issued for the igut
of-town persons Indicted and their ar
roct is expected within the next tweifty
four hours. The Grand Jury had not
completed the work laid before it by the
postal investigators, and other Indict
ments may be expected later on, possibly
within a week or two. It Is understood
that two additional cases against one of.
the parties indicted to-<lay, a" former
promiiKT.t bureau official, are beini? in
cuired Into fcy the Grand Jury and" that
the acts of another former high official
of the Pcstoffice Department already un
der indictment by the Brooklyn Grand,
Jury are being Investigated.
Attorney Douglas of Machen's counsel,
in speaking of to-day's indictments of
Machen, said that they involved the same
general charges as the former indictment,
although they ell bad different transac
tions, and new indictments were designed
fcimply to strengthen the former ones. He
isalfl that nothing had yet been decided as
to Machen's course under the new in
dictments. Machen was in consultation
with his counsel this afternoon and tho
demurrer to'the previous Indictments
probably will be filed to-morrow.
Walter Mayor, a veteran postal Inspec
tor and for many years previously a spe
cial pension examiner, has done a large
part of the work on to-day's cases, aided
by other inspectors. It was Mayor who
tractd the checks which figured In tho
previous indictments of Machen, and in
weaving the evidence which he placed
before the Grand Jury he visited New
York and other cities. Most of the last
few weeks he has spent working up liAes
el evidence and assisting the prosecut
ing officials In the presentation to tho
Grand Jury.
Postmaster General Payne returned to
this city to-night from his trip of about
& fortnight on the revenue cutter Onon
daga, which was making its cruise along
the Atlantic coast.
OFFICIAL STATEMENT.
T«he Postofflce Department to-day made
public the following official statement of
the cases:
In I8J»2 the department, through the free de
livery division, entered into contract with the
Postal Devir-e and L.ock Comi>any for the pur
chase of carrier*" satchels lor a period of four
)tars. The manager vt this company, with
whom all negotiations were conducted, was W.
G. Crawford of Washington, D. C. The satch
el* were to be made of coated canvas, called
l>»gamoid. instead of leather, as formerly.
The Fpecificatione of this contract required
the contractor to lurnieb etraps the same as in
the Stern contract. George B. Lorenz of To
ledo made contract wifti Mr. Crawford repre
sentative of the Postal Device and Lock Com
pany, to aid him in securing the contract and
to furnish the str&i« for a specific amount per
tatcheL Pursuant to thi* agreement, which
«'8i a clandestine agreement and not a.
matter of recced in the department, every time
th* PoFtai Device and Lock Company was paid
for • supply of satchels remittance was made
fcy the company to George E. Lorenz for his
l*rt iu the compensation. Mr. Lorenz bow
r* r : £'2 "<*¦[««>»»»» «he straps. They were
furnished by the department throtigb Machen
and paid for by the department. Crawford
tbetffore pal<5 Lorenz for the etrapt which tha
department furnished, and Lorcnx. to show his
appreciation of Machen's liberality In furnish
ing free of charge the straps which Lorenz
»«» paid for. divided his profits with Machen
\VU*n Crawford remitted to Lorenz the latter
at once remitted to Machen. >auer
Machen. Crawford. George JZ. Lorenz and
Mr*, ceorge K. Lorenz, in whose name the
mon*y was depoaited. have Wn Indicted for
conspiracy to defraud th« Government.
Cra*-ford was deputy auditor for the Post-
DIVIDED THE PEOPITS.
In 1891 Machen entered into an icmmmf
with Maurice Rcnkle of New York *o fj™i^
« email leather ci.ee for the free delivory^J^
vice, for which the department paid 00 cent »
each. TTjIs contract wan entered into witlioiir
tfjmpetition. and they ctwt Jtunkk- about Sti
«*nt« each. The inspectors have evidence th«t
nunkle divided tits profits of tt> cenis ner call
\Mth Machon and McGregor. Xhl. | t inaifi
umit «ifh the Dalttmore cane m which Me
Oreeor and Lpton figured and have been both
indicted.
Wachen. nunkle and McGregor have been
ludtcted in this case. , Deea
In 1*98. thrown the free delivery division, a
contract waji made with Leopold J. Stern of
Baltimore for carriers' satchels. The speci
fications required tftern to furnish complete
••atchels, including the shoulder etraps, the
•-houlder «trap being specifically described as
part of the eatcbel and to be furnished by
the contractor.
Aft«r the contract »••« enters Into Etern
was relieved by Machen from furnishing tho
ft rap*, the fall price brin? paid for the satch
el*. In consideration of »>*>fn<r relieved from
furnishing- the straps by Machen. Stern paid
to *V. C L<one a larre amount of money, which
Ismg divided with Marhen. The straps which
Mern had been relieved from furnishing- were
purrhaisea by Mach«ui from a New York flrm
without cronpetitlon. He required this New
York firm, however, to pay a cominfuion of
4 cents per etrsp. which commission wa» col
lertM by W. C. Long and divided between
ijotig «»d Macben. In this traniwction Mach?u
not only e*cure4 naoney from Stern for re
»»>vlnir htm from fnrnishinsr the strap wblch
h«> had contrmcted to famish, but required the
man ftmi whom he bought the straps to/ pay
fc!n * commisEion on the etraps which he wa»
Unknown Negro Is Lynched.
A"1.TON. Tex., July 31.— An" unknown
negro who insulted some ladles by cursing
and firing into .their house was lynched
Jiere to-day.
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo., July 31.—
Walter B. rfewgeon, a well known author
and newspaper man. died in this city last
night. He came to Colorado Springs two
years ago owing to failing health. His
home was Ir. New Haven, Conn. He was
30 years o* age' and leaves a wife and two
children.
Walter B. Newgeon.
At 5:30 o'clock, however, all of the Car
dinals had been assembled I together, and
two by two they^ moved in 'procession to
the Sletine Chapel, preceded by a cross
held aloft by a minor prelate, and accom
panied by:the Swiss Guards,"- as a * choir
of male soprano voices, ' said to % be the
only . ones > in>Europej sang the - "Venl
Creator Spirltus." .The .procession passed
through the stately Sala Regia, the sound
of the magnificent voices reaching those
outside the Vatican and entered ' the Sls
tine •. Chapel/-?-!', . "
Previous to 1870 the ceremony of the
Cardinals entering in conclave was much
more imposing: than that of to-day, as it
occurred in '.the Qulrinal '• Palace. -; They,
met in the little church of San Silvestro
Al Quirinale and from there walked in
procession through the streets to the pa»»
ace, or, if the conclave was to be held Ti*
the Vatican, the Cardinals met In SL
Peter's, a ; procession : was formed there
and after . some ; ceremonies wended }ts
way to |he""«postolt* palaee. v
-¦¦ Wheii~4he r <CavdlnaIs. bad all assembled
tRe marshal ct- the conclave,' Princs ChigU
Albanl, whet was at) imposing Agurft . In
It is almost i impossible' to describe the
confusion at the Vatican, each ; Cardinal
being ; attended, in addition to his con
clavist and servants, by some friends, rel
atives and followers, to whom' he gave his
last instructions, besides minor prelates
of all grades, newspaper men and artists,
to say. nothing of the people attracted to
the scene through curiosity. Such was
the babel "of voices that the Vatican of
ficials, unaccustomed to such scenes,
showed the, utmost bewilderment. Car
dinal Lecot" completely lost himself and
eventually was found by his conclavtstj
who having missed him discovered him
wandering In some unused rooms on the
floor above the one- set apart for the
conclave. ¦ '
In the colonnade of St. Peter's several
hundred, soldiers were drawn up, but they
had nothing to do, a handful of gendarmes
present being more, than required to con
trol the outside arrangements. The last
Cardinal to arrive was <Vaszary, the pri
mate of Hungary, who drove up in great
haste a few minutes before 5 o'clock. ¦-'. - t
Exactly at 5 o'clock the official entrance
of each Cardinal occurred, and they were
soon settled in their new quarters. •
ROME. July 3V-rBy 5 o'clock, tbis after
noon, all" of the Cardirfals had arrived at
the Vatican and gone*. to' their cells. The
.conclave. o wa*a» duly formed and its mem
bers shut°in from the outer world. Every
thing was, foj* lo-morrow's vot
fng. .".
; Shortly after 4 o'clock the Cardinals be
ganto appear on*. St. Peter's piazza,, where
a small crowd watched intereste'dly and
raised; their .hats as • the princes} of. the
church- passed^ into the rear entrance of
jthe^i. Vatican., With each. Cardinal, were
"Jthfe 'conclavist and' servants 'who: will at
tend to his wants ¦ during the conclave.
Sortie had bags In the carriages with them,
though* most of the baggage had been
sent on- beforehand. "'The majority^of the
Cardinals contented. themselves with taki
ing: portmanteaus and handbags. At the
. doors the * Swiss Guards kept
,back the curious crowd, among whom
.were many priests.^ Photographers vigor
ously, snapped, the. occupants of the. black
carriages jjrior to 'their entrance to 'what
one Cardinal called "prison."'
About 4:40 o'clock the carriages drove
up in rapid succession, until there was a
long line of vehicles waiting. All the Car
dinals _who . werp. known to the people,
such as Gotti; Seraflno Vannutelli, Agli
ardl, Satolli and Martinelli, received cor
dial'greetings from the Spectators. Car
dinal Gibbons passed practically unno
ticed, -uv?, '
DOORS CLOSE. ON" CARDINALS.
Sacred College' Is " Shut In' From the
' r Outer "World.- * --•
Cardinals Oregtia and Vannutelli then
passed to the famous . loggia Raphael
where the same- formulae was followed
with, all the employes of the Cardinals
who were about to be shut up in the con
clave. ' * -;-v v ~'
: Then suddenly in th« midst of a hubbub
of voiceMhe. to mariy T welcome words
"Exit omrfes" rang out In the sonorous
voice of .the marshal of the'conclave and
were repeated by his assistants, who em
phasized the command to leave the apart
ments, by ringing a great bell, which for
the moment produced ¦ complete silence
but which In reality caused "more noise
than ever, In the Vatican/for the great
throng goon made a general move, toward
the doors and the sound, of leave-takings
echoed through the air until , the last
of the > visitors disappeared , through the
great doors of the Sala Regia,' which was
the only - one not walled '.up." '¦- The tired
Cardinals were then, left alone In. their
confined quarters,. but at least in peace.
The Swiss guards .were most active.
The sav^ that every person not entitled to
remain had left the precincts, and when
all was quiet,' the marshal of the conclave
outside and the 'camerlingo Tnslda simul
taneously locked the heavy door and also
simultaneously registered' the official "ac*
of closing t he ; door t so tftat hereafter 1 ihe
world. may- «peak ef the events going on
in the conclave; bu( no cne, »t least it is
so believed lit the. Vatican." will know, with
any 'fositlveness; what there; transpired*
; .The camcrllngd ftas still One «thef func
tion'- to 'perform* > Accompanied by. ! three
Cardinal* deputed lot that office. «n<! with
*uardt «*rrjrin» r Iiehtt4 Jofcbev lh«
In the meantime the canierllnso, Car
dinal Oreglia, had been performing an
other ceremony In the SIstlne Chapel,
with the aid of the sub-dean of the Sa
cred College, Cardinal Beraflno Vannutelli
Seating themselves in two immense
chairs, with their backs to the altar, and
flanked by Swiss Guards, the two Cardin
als administered the oaths to the con
clavists, who advanced singly, knelt and
sworo not to reveal anything which they
might hear In the conclave and to put no
obstacles in the way of the election of the
new Pope. Each conclavist then kissed
the Cardinal's hands and retired, to be
followed by others and so on until all the
conclavists had been sworn.
full -court costurte.vknelt ancT took the'
following path: ' V . - ,
miLha^nf 6 " Jk Princm ' Chlji: Albani. ' '; perpetual
r#v««.n^ £* £* #? md * t ;an<I most
reverend Cardinal* 'of, the CHoly : Cbarch ; that
wL&h « t y* at , e8t «"'•*«»« *nd loyalty. I wfli
watch, tald .palace during -th# conclave "for the
election : .of a_n«w Pontiff.. and thaf I will not
£ fl °& with 11 !? any Ordinal or any ? "f thl
people with them to infringe In any way on
the established constitution of the Holy Fath
?£? £J H *. • 1 * c i ton ot * R «nian Pontiff. ! To'
KorcT me : aad : thwe ?*M*?%
As he uttered the last words' the prince
puthig hand on the- New. Testament.
.After" he had taken the oath his four
assistants, known as captains of the con
clave, i three of whom assisted Prince
Chigi-Albanl : at the conclave of 1878, the
Prince's secretary and the chaplain were
similarly sworn and the oath was admin
istered to. the officers of the Palatine
Guards and the 'Swiss Guards. By the
Urne this" ceremony, was ended many of
the older Cardinals were quite worn out'
with fatigue, although the ritual to be
followed in the opening of the conclave
had by no means' been carried out. : '
Then^in pleislng confusion,^ the Car-i
dinals, each escorted by the Noble Guards
assigned to them, went to their respective
"cells'' or apartments. Some of the ven-;
erable prelates, : such as Cardinals ; Mo
cenni (who ; was born In Cretoni
(born" in *1833) "and Langenieaux (born in
1824),<were so. exhausted^hat they had ta
be supported by the Noble Guard in at
tendance .upon .them.. In spite of this
there was etlll no rest for the Cardinals,
as each hold a. reception to his friends,
relatives and foljowers, who surrounded
the princes of the church, giving them
good advice, warnings and recommenda
tions, all talking together at the top of
their voices and crowding. about the Car
dinals to. such an. extent that one of the
latter was seen, to cover his ears with
his hands, positively refusing to hear any
more advice, accompanying his action by
a gesture which eloquently said: "Save
me from my friends." * -•' /
detachments of gWrds, 'while an extra 1
force of. police will* do duty in the streets^
Of the Borgb district arid the bridges lead- : .
Ing in^p # l^.ln thf^barrackiJ- will remain
¦70Q\;.ttoqjJs; ¦rfubject.V.td'; emergency caJlV 1
, Judging- *>y the 'small; crowds arid; th*, je^
.TOkt order of to-day 'there; appears' to'w.
"little necessity fof th'ese precautfons; . y* ,' •:•
SAN' JOSEi July^3L— Mrs. Sophronia
Weilheimer, for' forty-seven years a resi
dent of Santa Clara County, died at'her
home at Mountain View to-day. Deceased
was the widow of L. Weilheimer, who
died a few ye.ars ago. and at the time of
bis death conducted a large merchandise
establishment t at' Mountain View. Mrs.
Weilheimer was one of the best know^
and oldest inhabitants of Santa . Clara
County. She was 73 years of age and a
native of Germany. A. number of grown
children survive her. Her funeral will be
held .Sunday marnlng, with interment" at
San Mateo. '¦ — ' • ¦
Mrs. Sophronia Weilheimer.'
Cardinals Retire Into Seclusion to Elect Pope.
This, inspection produced a weird effect
in the serai-sjpom of the Vatican, the
lights from the torches gleaming on the
silvery. b*ir of the Cardinals and on the
swords and. helmets of the guards.
Outside the enclosure of the conclave in
the Vatican, the confusion lasted for
some time longer, each visitor being desir
ous of telling- his neighbor who he was
sure^ would be elected Pope. But by the
aid, of tact the apostolic palace was gra
dually cleared, and with the fall of night
the accustomed calm reigned" over the
Vatican.
While an official announcement has"-not
been made, if is practically understood
that Professor Babcock has decided t»
accept the tender, and will very shortly
make known his. favorable decision.
For seven years Professor Bafccock has
been among" the prominent members of
the faculty of the University of Califor
nia. He was graduated from the Uniyer
sity of Minnesota In*lS89 and from 1S90 to
1394 was an instructor in history and old
English at that; Institution. -The young
collegian won the Goodwin memorial fel
lcwshlnp at Harvard University and pur-
Sued post graduate wOYk there, gralnimg
the degree of master of arts In 1835 and
the degree of doctor of philosophy In 1S96.
% After completing his Harvard courses.
Professor Babcock traveled in Eu/ope^
giving special attention, to Scandinavian
history. In 1896 he was appointed Tan In
structor at the University of California,
in history and political . economy. Three
years later Professor Babcock was made
assistant professor Ja--HTstory and is now
a- special assistant professor In United
States history. .'
Professor Babcock has written' exten
sively and has lectured on historical subr
Jects." Recently he completed a brief his-'
tory of California t« be added to a State
text-book history of the United States.
The University of Arixona has grown
rapidly under the fostering influence of
Government jippropriations. Its most im
portant departments are those of agricul
ture and mining. The regents have large
plans for the development of the curric
ulum. -•,; ¦ •
earner lingo made the rounds of all the
apartments and rooms, in: order to verify
that. there wais 'no unauthorized person
within. the . : Dfecincts.; ., ,
'California, has" received a call to
become president of the University of
Arizonal.' -..The Invitation has been taken
under consideration "by Profes*sor* Bab
cock, who returned yesterday from Tuc
son, after making "a thorough canvass of
the field. ¦.¦7'^v>- i '
BERKELEY, July 31.— Professor
Kendric C. Babcock/special as
sistant professor In the . history
department of the University of
SPOKANE, Wash., July ¦? 31.— John
Krelnbuhl. grand treasurer of the Grand
L,odge of Odd Fellows of this State, wae
twice "shot ..by a' masked highwayman
on a Hillyard-street car to-night. Ono
bullet inflicted a scalp wound. The other
passed through Kreinbuhl's arm.
Five.desperadoee, all masked, held up
two cars between Spokane and Hillyard.
•When they entered the car and ordered,
.rtie passengers to throw up their hands,
Kreinbuhl struck the nearest outlaw with'
his cane. The shots followed and Kreln
bubl was rQbbed of $5 and a g^ld watch.
There were seven passengers on one car
a*d three on the other. It Is estimated
that I'hey were robbed of about $300 in.
money and Jewelry, The robbers escaped.
Grand, Treasurer of Odd Fellows in
Washington Shot by : a
Robber.
MASKED "DESPERADOES ' - *
• : HOLD UP STREETCAR
Professor Xendnife C.
Babctfck Considers
Offer, • #
EDUCATOR WHO" HAS BEEN
OFFERED PRESIDENCY OF '
.UNIVERSITY .OF ARIZONA.
The -tntlr : trty came through to Tuc
son at 11 o'ciock to-day- on°a special made
up at Naco. The engineer of the switch
engine fled across the l!no to th» Arizona
side before he could be arrested by the
Mexican officials on a charge of criminal
negligence. Curiously, neither of the en
gineers were seriously Injured.
can 4s somewhat -lessened by the excep
tional weather,, wlllch is cloudy.- cool and
windy, the* mercury . reaching only' 75 in
the sha.de. while,* generally, at this season
the mercury reaches as high as 100 4n the
shade at noon.
The confusion whlfch ensued from the
loss ol the temporal power-of the papacy
made it necessarv.to cut down expenses
and among many other things the num
bers of the Noble Guard were much re
duced 'so that now there are only about
forty of these soldiers. As it* Is customary
for each \ Cardinal to have a guard told
off for himself in the conclave and there
are sixty-two Cardinals, it has been de
cided to press Into thia service the cadets.
The latter are not full-fledged soldiers and
were drawn by lot. .The question of which
Cardinal they fall to is a matter of seri
ous import to them, as each guard con
gratulates his Cardinal and wishes him
good luck In the coming election, for
which good wishes he receives, If his par
ticular Cardi/ial is elected Pope, the sum
of $10,000; or lucrative employment. The
excitement over the drawing of the lots la
intense, as the soldiers do not usually
get such a reward for a few good wishes.
The guard of Cardinal Gibbons will be
Cadet Count- Delia Porta.
The marshal of the conclave. Prince
Chigi-AIbani, having insisted that the
number of persons who are to enter the
conclave must be reduced to a really In
dispensable number, there will be only
about seventy-five persons present. - .-;•¦¦•. -
A dispatch.'- was immediate! v sent .to
Naco, Ariz.; summoning physicians, who
went ppsthaste to the scene of the wreck.
Twenty-five stitches' had to be taken In
the* wounds .in Mr. Sroufe'* head. His
temperature is high to-nightj but he Is
resting easier and no serious results are
feared. Mrs. Sroufe and the Injured of*
ficials "'are getting along as well as could
be expected under tho circumstances.
TUCSON. July 31.— A collision which
might have proved fatal to' half a desen
railroad officials took place in the yard*
at Naco, Sonora, last night between a
special train carrying the "San Carlos,"
•the private car of Superintendent C. C
Sroufe of the Southern Pacific Company,
and a switch engine, which was standing
on the' main line. Superintendent Sroufa
and the .five members of his party wera
all more or less in,Jured, some seriously* .
The collision took place about 9 o'clock.
A switch engine, which had orders to
leave the traok clear between the hours
of 8 and 10 o'clock In order to allow the
special to pass, w,as standing on the mala
line wkhout a headlight. The special
came along, running at a rate of thirty
five miles an hour, and crashed into the
switch engine, wrecking both engines and
damaging badly *Ir. Sroufe's private car
and an accommodation car ahead.
The occupants of the private car were
all thrown violently from their seats.
Mr. Sronfe struck his head on the side of
the car- and was badly cut above the
ear anjl severely bruised about the head.
Colonel Epes .Randolph, president of the
Cananea. Yaqui River and Pacific road,
on whose lines thp wreck occurred, had
his foot cut and kneecap badly bruised.
• Mrs. "Sroufe did not consider herself seri
ously' hurt at the time, but later on she
¦complained of her spine and this morning
grew w'orse. : She had to be removed to
her home In this city In an ambulance.
E. A. McFarland, consulting engineer
.of the Ca'nanea lines, was standing, on
"the flopr of the VSan Carlos" at ttie time
of tie accident, and was thrown violently
through"- the. door of the accommodation
' car ahead. Ue was cut about the bead
£fnd Shoulders. •Eugene.S, Ives and Henry
Temple, 'superintendent of the Cananea
' lines, were- aborfrd the special and were
slightly "but not seriously . injured.
CUtement Is Made Public Which Re
cites History of Various Contracts
on Which Latest Proceed
• ings Are Based.
CHICAGO. July 31.— Three million dol
lars] worth . of property has already been
unearthed by; Executor Edwin* A. -War
field as belonging to the estate of Colonel
George T. Cline, the eccentric Chicagoan.
who died July 7,t and whose will has re
cently "been admitted to probate. Until
the examination of Colonel OllneV thou
sands 6f letters and papers is completed
it will not be known how much more the
estate is worth, -but it is saidto be pos
sible 'that it- will approximate $6,000,000/
Colon*l_ Cline Jeft his entire estate to his
relatives'in California and Maryland. One
quaTter of the estate goes to his si8ter,
Mrs. MaryYeakle, and one-quarter to his
brother. Nicholas D. Cllne, both of Fred
erick. Md., and both over 70 years of age.
Xnother Quarter is left to & nephew,
I$aac T. Crum, Oakland. Cal.; and the re-'
mainii\g quarter is shared by two other
nephews, John Cllne and George T. CJllne.
Ix»s Angeles, Cal., Collector of the Port
and benu.ty '.Collector respectively. : -,.
Two Nephews- in Los Angeles Also
. Inherit Together One-Quartep -
of 'Colonel Oeopge T. :
' Cline's Hoard. ; "|
Prominent Men and the Wife of On«
of Them Are Hurled Over Seat*
' and Sustain Bruises
in Arizona.
Bcbentric Uncle in Chicago
Leaves Undreamed-of.
Wealth. ' • '"• "~ T
Ma chen the Alleged Head
of Corrupt Ring in
Depar4 ment.
Special Train With Privat©
Car Has Serious
Collision.
One-Fourth" of Rich
1 Man's Estate.
Oakland Man ' to- Get
More Evidence Against
Postal Officials Is •
Developed. ,
Superintendent Sroufe
of Southern Pacific
/. Injured.
GRAND JURY
INDICTS NINE
FOR FRAUDS
discussion of the • successor to
thspapal'thtofte are Qoul. Orc'gliff,. Van-,
nutelli and Rampolla." - / ; , ,- .. . . • .. '
Glrolamo Gotti was ''born, .at Genoa o.n
March. 29, ISZ4. He is a -son of-'a-pbor-ma'n,
who went to Genoa in search of work,
«nd was employed there as a quarry pror-'
ter, a i humblw but-«ometime« -eufflciently •
lucrative occupation. Gotti studied in the
Jesuit College and afterward assumed the
habit of the barefooted Carmelites. ;!*Vr
A i ter % havtn S entered,. whila still -young,
the ,Carmelite' order, Gt>ttl. won the'af,
fection and admiration of all "about him."
At the age of 25 he was reader of phil
osophy in the Carmelite . Convent of
Loano; In 1862 he was appointed;profes
sor of ' navigation In, the preparatory
naval college.' Among his . pupils "were
three future admirals— Action, Saint Boh
and De Albertis, and two. future Ministers'
Of the Marine.. In 1868 Pius IX nominated
him theoiogician at the Ecumenical Coun
cil.* In 1871. he was elected prosecutor gen*
eral of the Carmelites,' and; ten years'
later ha became general of the same or
der. Later he. became a member of the
Congregation of , the Regular Bishops, doc
tor of the College of St. Thomas Aqalnas
and consultor of the Propaganda Fide. % * •
On "March 18, 1898, Leo XIII nominated;
Gotli titular Archbishojp of Petra and o.n
May IS of the same year sent him to
Brazil on a special miss.ion, with the title
of internuncio and envoy extraordinary.
It is known that.the Holy See had at that
time serious differences with Brazil and
Monsignor. Spolverlno had been recalled
to Rome and was substituted by M-acchi,
who did not succeed in •settling the points
fit issue, while "Gotti was more success
ful. Some "declare that Gotti did not dis
tinguish himself in this mission. -
CREATED • A CARDINAL.'" '
He became Cardinal in "October, 189§,
with the title of Santa Maria . della
Schola, shortly, after his return ./.rom
Brazil, and finally attained to the office
of prefect of the Propaganda Fide, which
is of 'such importance that the Cardinal
holding it Ss called the Red Pope.
Ho 6n<[ can tell who will be Leo XIII's'
successor, but- considering all things,
Gotti v is believed to be. the man Of .the.
situation. It is said that he has the cor'-,
dial support- of* Germany and Austria, that
Italy is favorable to him and that Franoe
would not oppose hfm. His good quali
ties are recognized by all the ¦ European*
powers, who do npt forget hts. work In
Brazil. • * .•
It is not generally know>n that when
Gotti was in Brazil he was officially, ap
pointed by' many oEurogean Governments
to do his utmost "to check trie civil" war
which broke out at "St. ,Paloa . agafh.st
President Pelmoto. '-' ¦ . ¦> *
.'When Gotti was elected Archbishop Ot
•%OM£, July SI. —The four, Cardinal)!
gjg whose names have been, most'
frequently 'before* the .public rc
. A.J^ cently-in connection- with- ~tBe
' • Scraflno Vann%rtelll. was bprnln Gen
nazzano, ijear . Tlvoll, November * 25,' 1824.
After having successfully passed through
his study in the .GapaTiica College • in
Rome he was appointed -auditor In Mel
*lco arid . afterward in Munich, -and later.
•held the office -of apostolic delegate in
Peru" an«5 that of -nuncio in Brussels." Un-
/.CARDINAL .. IiUIQI OREGLIA. •
. .Uuigl OxegHa, of the family, of. Santo. Ste
fano *w ; as born Jn ~Bene- Vagienna. Pied
mont';- on July 3, 18^1 He devoted himself
eagerly/ to "study, "gave splendid proofs of
ability.- and was soon known for hte pro
.found, theoiogy. ,-Erom.the academy, for
noble ecclesiastics he entered the pontiff-"
cal court asa bishop.
OnAorll 15, 1858, he wa« made referen
dary; of >segnatura\ 'and then was. rent as
inter*nunclo to the court of Holland. r Th,e
illustrious prelate- was. soon promoted to
be nuncio a t,< the; court of Lisbon andfUtU.
lar Archblstiopof j^agnetta. - ,' '.
' At^. his f own- request he was called to
Rome/- wher«' Plus IX-rateed him to the
rank of cardinal, conferring upon him the
tltte'bf -St.Xnastasio. . On March 24, 1884,
.he vraa appointed 'to the see of Pa.lestrina;
'.holding; beside'!! in virtue of - his., rank , of
"Abate Comtnendatario," • -.the Abbey of
;Tincen2d, and Anastasio, An the
"Trefontane." 'He .is camerlingo of the
Holy; Bhman Church and was Chqrfcellor
Of the -ROipan Sacred: College, bishop of
pporto and Santa Ruflno, and is now bish
op of tha'unitetl suburban, churches of
Ostia and Velletrl and prefect of 'the Sa
cred, Congregation of St. Sermorfius* He
belongs to the regular rli.rgy and is"a
member of several ecclesiastic congrega
tions and # protector of many associations,
and academies. . .
"Oreglia is considered, by many Cardln
.als, as Loe'XIIUs possible successor/'ow
ing to the'otflce of camerilngo, which_wa«
"held by "the late Pope, under Pius IX. But
this office of camerlingo, which after the
death of the Pope and until the "nomina
tion of , his successor placed in his hands
the government of the -church, so far
from increasing his chances of being Pope,
rather diminishes them. . There is a tradi
tion which* has ' rarely been', broken
through/ and to -which Leo XIII wris an
exception.* that it is .exceedingly rare for
a camerlingo to attain the digni-ty of the
papal tiara. Oreglia had seven votes in
jHe eorfclave that 'elected Peccl. . *';*''.'=•
Although old. "Cardinal Oreglia is-. still
•well and strong. 'He carries himself well
'and is -sensible of the nobility whjch he
.inherits- frbm the ancjent family of the
Barons of .Santo* StefanO. * . .
CAREklt OF. VANNITTELLI." ;
Pptra. the. first .and most valuable pectoral
cross .that he was given -hlimbyv
the "Emperor'' of- Austria. ¦'•¦ : ' • ,' ¦"- -.'
Germany "also* regards "• Gotti with favor.
He *is:-'&iso";wn?vea ;to ~va ra-grear rman- •
.ejer, becapse" 'Leq XI H .in v
trusteditcrhlhY-'the 'adminisfratiori of Pet-.
er's,pen«.v-.af teythe well knqwn .disasters
due t«v- mismanagement; of that fund.' in
this- affair Ootti rendered true service to
the Hftlv'See.-." ' " - * .-."¦ . -'."; " *•
fortunately this ; position became .almost
impossible .through the' hostilities of the
Iiibefal" party V and* Vannutelll was > com
pelled to resign his office in 1879. In that
yea? -.1*6 xin-egnminTas nancto- tcrvt*
enna; * where he won the, esteem \ of : all
'ardund'hrrh;;. He^'atfafnedf the vraak '. of'
Cardinal oh. Match, 14, 1887. I He is at pres
ent grand j penitentiary and bishop 1 of the -
EHburban •; Frasetr; is' aWd
a .member of ihe most . Important •e.cclesi
dptic Congregations 'and of /the Coiamrt-.'
sion of Cardinals for appointing bishops
ltritalr. He "corhps of a-hnmbie famttyrtrf
agriculturists. He •at.one'time was con
sidered worldly, but now, devotes himself
entirely to. religion. He. is especially noted
for. his. diplomatic, prudence.... He,ia.lib
eral; enlightened, and modem In , his
•ideas. V
BAJ4POLLA OF NOBLE FAMILY.
/.Mariano Rkmpdila del. Tindaro. belongs
to a/nqble Sicilian family. He was ;born
Oh .August. 17/ 1843,' and ' was mada a Car-'
'dinar by ;.'l£o XIII in 1887, with' the*: title
of Santa Cecilia.' - He was also Secretary
of . State; "of his -Holiness, prefect of ; the*.
Sacred Congregatlqn ; pf. Lpseto and presi
dent : of the .. Comrrii*8ion of Cardinals '- f Or
the administration of the property of the
Holy; See and of the Commission : of : Bib~-
Hcal Study:"- He, is a protector of numer
ous, monastic orders, both foreign and
"liAu&n. X '¦¦ ':'¦-¦-¦ ,'¦ ¦ -' ¦'¦ 'S&JSi ¦¦'•''
'Rampolla; having completed his studies
in Ronce,', entered "the Acadexny : for Eccle
siastics 6f[ Rank/ -In 1875 he was sent to
Spain as -auditor: to the nuncio. « In 1887
Rampolla was nominated secretary of the
•Propaganda for matters connected- w.lth
the Oriental Rite. In 1882 he was made
Archbishop of Heraclea and sent as .nun
cio tp Spain, where he, won general es
teem and Veneration. He was promoted
to the rank of. Cardinal in 1887 and soon
left Sp'ain. Soon afterward he was > ap
pointed Secretary of State, in which ca
pacity he won the esteem of the diploma
tists with, whom he corresponded. Though
he has won high esteem, he has also
made enemies. " • • . -
The turning point of Ra'mpolla's career
was In- 1885, when, the question; of the
Caroline Islands; arose between Spain and
Germany, upon which. he suggested the
idea of referring It to the Pope as arbi
trator. V,This was a gYeat diplomatic suc
cess for the Vatican, because it seemed
like 9. return of. the Papacy to Us former
position ; in Europe, from which it had
been .excluded, since 1870. V ; ¦ ,
Thq diplomatic career J of Rampolla is
*too closely; Intertwined with the political
part of the ; glorious pontificate • of Leo
XIII to be judged separately from It. The
verdict of, history' ori the late Pop**, will
depend mainly on the actions of Cardinal
Rampolla bit success or. failure, ..because
he, more than any other, has been a hero
of ttie-Bituatioh, the directing mind' the
guiding-hand. It la declared that Ram
polla will . enter the conclave certain of
twenty-eight votes. . *
Careers of Gotti, Oreglia, Serctfino Vdrinutelli and
ISAAC CRUM
BECOMES A
MILLIONAIRE
RAILROAD'S
OFFICIALS IN
A DISASTER
FOUR CARDINALS WHO LEAD
IN RIVALRY FOR A THRONE
,: ;¦:¦?» -. -\. ..-.¦>::-.-¦ '¦¦¦.¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ » -,¦¦¦' '"¦¦ _'"-'•¦ - ¦ __
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, gATUBDAY, AUGUST 1. 190a.
UNIVERSITY
OF ARIZONA
CALLS HIM
2
DB. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
IT v . 1 "^ll WOfflUifl-
¦ I / * flfafsBI • ) » . _ t.%
I L_ "* f ' tnotaer-
BrWrffi T^KrC*i \\ r\ r\ A ji
•— s^ ss*^ 1^ ¦ * ¦ children.
" T5S>" But there
can be no joy in motlierhood without
health and withont health for the mother
there can be no health for the child.
FOR WOMEN
; • WHO CANNOT BB CURED.
Backed up by over a third, of a century
of remarkable and uniform cures, a* record
such as no other remedy for the diseases
and weaknesses peculiar to women ever
•ttained, the proprietors and makers of Dr.
Pierce'* Favorite Prescription now feel
fnlly warranted in offerins to pay J500 in
: i egJ a money of the United States, for any
case of Leucorrhea, Female Weakness, Pro-
lapsus or Falling of Womb which they
cannot cure.- All they ask is a fair and
reasonable trial of their means of care.
i WoaiJ>'s Dispsksauy Medical Asso-
ciation, Proprietors, Baffalo, N. Y.
Mrs. W. J. Kldder. of Hill Dmle Farm (Enes-
burs Center). Enotborgr.Vt. writes : "Daring the
oast year I found myself exacting maternity,
»nd (a rapidlv felling health. I suffer-d dread-
faily from bfoatinjr and urinary difficulty. I
wai growing perceptibly weaker each diTisd
' coffered racch sharp pain at times. I felt that
something mast be done. Took twelve bottiea
of Dr. Pierce'* Favorite Prescription, and also
followed your instructions. I began to improve
immediately, my health became excellent, and I
could do all my own work. I had a short, easy
: eonflneaient and have a healthy b*by boy."
Dr. Pkree's Common Sense Medical
¦ Adviser is sentynr* on receipt of « one-
cent stamps) for the p»per covered book, or
si stamps for the cloth bound. Address
I*. SL. V, Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.Many fell between the boathouses, form
ing a pile ten feet high, of struggling
men. women and children.' \ ; . • .
Hundreds of people, at the clubhouse' ot
the Portland Rowing > Club, men in boats
and on" shore; immediately started tli«
NEW HAVEN, Conn.. July 31.— Seven hun
dred and eighty-five young men are candidates
tor adroUsion to Yale In the undergraduates
*>ntf>rin« classes of next September. Last year
the total was CSl.
Some fell on the two boathouses moored
under the bridge, while others were pre
cipitated directly into the river, which Is
About fifteen feet deep at that point.
this afternoon, precipitating more
than one hundred people forty feet into
the water. Two persons are known to
have been drowned and it is feared that
the list of dead will be much larger when
all are accounted for. Many . struck on
two small boathouses moored to a pier
of the bridge immediately under the spot
where It gave way. About twenty-five
were injured either by striking on the
boathouses or by falling timbers. Many
people fell from the roofs of the * boat
houses into the water, but dozens of
Email boats and launches in the vicinity
in an incredibly short time commenced to
pick them up.
Thousands of people had gathered on
the Morrison and Madison street bridges
and along the docks to watch Clarence
Lutz, an armless man, swim the river,
which is about three-eighths of a mile
in width at that point.**
Lutz started" from a boathouse on the
west, side of the river and swam to the
boathouse of the Portland Rowing Club,
moored on the east side. Just above the
Morrison street bridge. As he was climb.
ing out of the water the crowd rushed to
the south edge of the bridge in order to
get a good view. A section of the pas
senger walk gave way under the heavy
weight and the crowding, struggling mass
of humanity was carried down a distance
of forty feet •
PORTLAND, July 3L— A. section of
the bridge which spans the Wil
lamette River at Morrison street
collapsed shortly after 3 o'clock
T -was' standing in front'of the door of the
tmatraoa watcblmc Lutz aji he *»¦«• maklna bi«
The neys of the accident' spread rapidly
and .within d few minutes thousands of
people gathered ' at either.*, end of the
bridg§, anxiously seeking ¦ information'
about relatives- and Triends. The bridge
was closed 'and all street cars stopped
in order to prevent a repetition of the ac
cident by a crush of .people.
The bridge is an old wooden structure,'
having been built sixteen years ago, and
has been considered unsafe for some time,
although" it was not. condemned. The
city was granted authority by the Legis
lature last winter to Issue $400,000 in bonds
for the construction of a steel bridge, and
the Mayor, and City Council are now pre
paring the plans for the new structure.
The present bridge is narrow and Is un
able to accommodate the traffic.
At dark to-night two bodies had been
recovered. ¦
H. : H. Daff, who fell with the crowd
and* struck ¦ a . submerged - scow, does not
remember how- he 'got out., Daff said: !
I was on the other Bide of the. bridge when
It seemed to . me that ; eomethinir was giving
way • 1 crorsed ' over into the roadway and
stopped a moment.. I can nee very Pporljr. and
when I beard a shout I went .over to the up
per side. Here, too. It seemed insecure, and I
Said, "People.- we had better move ¦back.?'
Then I started back. It was too late and I
landed on. tha scow In the river.
SPAN. CBOWDED WITH PEOPLE.
Alois Horan, an. attendant; at the Port
land Rowing Club quarters, said:
'work cf rescue, pozens of boats at the
scene soon picked up. those struggling in
the water, while injured who were
clinging to* the boathouses were taken
into the clubhouse and medical aid sum
moned. 'Every ambulance in the ; city,
several fire 'companies and a large force
of police arrived; within a few, minutes
and those with broken arms and legs
were hurried to the hospitals. . ,'
Prompt Work of
Rescuers Saves
/-Many.
Tvtoat Least Dead
and Scores Are
Injured.
MANILA, Aug. 1.— As an outcome oX
the late outcry and attempted legislation
against the growing use of opium by Fili
pinos the United States Commission to
day appointed the following commission
to act as the Federal members in the ap
proaching investigation: Surgeon Major
E. C. Carter, Commissioner of the Public
Health for the Philippines; Episcopal
Bishop Brent and Dr. Albert. The com
mission is directed to study opium condi
tions in Japan. China, Singapore and
Burmah and will be required to make a
report within four months.
To Study Opium Conditions.
Scenes of Bridge Disaster on River at Portland,- Where .Scores Were Killed or Injured.'
VICTIMS OF DISASTER
Miss Lottie E. Cameron, aged 16, Tenth and Glisan streets.
' Edward Shank, aged 13, 542 Second street . .
• ' . . THE INJURED: . '¦'• . ' > '' ¦¦ :
A. JOHNSON, Piedmont. . '. CLIFFORD and HARRY MOORE, sons of
MRS. G. II. RICHARDSON. - . Dr. Moore.' ' •¦. ' •
BEVA RICHARDSON. " MRS. S. BEHRENS. . .. •
IRA HART. • ' •• .MRS. F. HOLDART and two daughters.
MRS. J. W. HICKMAN. • • MINNIE GALLOWAY, 13 yeara.old, hurt
EVA LUCAS of Prosser (/ Or., face bruised. in back. • ' • • .
MARY MILLER. - CHARLES RAPP, 12 years $Id. internal
GEORGE REEDE. leg* and head bruised. injuries. .
CLARENCE WELLS, aon of J.. W. Wells, MRS. SWING.LETON and ; rftx-yeaV-old'
back broken. ' daughter, severe ' bFuises. *
MRS. W. H. CALVAN. . •-."•; MRS. GEORGE FUCHS, back painfully
MRS. W. ANDERSON, badly bruised. . . Injured. ' ;- '
THOMAS JOHNSON.. ¦ 1^!^^ MRS. SEYLER. • I .. • . •
LOUIS HARDER. ' . MRS. T. C. HUMPHREY. . ' " .'
CARRIE HARDER. • • N. M. D.ROSE. -
ALMA HARDER. • MRS. J. H. LITTLEJOHN. .
EDITH HARDER: . , • MRS. A.» M. WOODELL. '¦
MILDRED RAYMOND. • MRS. L. L. ROSS. ,*'
LOUIS THOMAS.: . V. C. GLIDDEN, badly bruised.
CARL MEDNING. , /" . MISS F. ROGUE.
MRS. EFFA ROYCE. * NELA OAKLEY.
MRS. WEBBER." MARY MURPHY.
ADA PARKER. V A. H. BEESAN. : .'
MRS. M." BELL, seriously Injured. OLIVE SKINNER.
MARIA LINHAM. ¦-. * S.' P. KLAHN.
MRS. R. L. McCUMSBT, aide badly hurt. EDWARD T. HALL,. rl*ht knee injured
R. L. McCUMSEY.« by" timber.
MISS KENNCOLLYT GEORGE HAWORTH. right arm broken.
MRS. EUGENE RAYMOND. ¦ G. B. HARTMU8, badly bruised. ¦
MISS VERLIE TRIBOU. '- MRS. ILSTON. seriously injured. v .
MRS. MARY- TRIBOU. EDITH PARKER. *
MRS. E. J. STANARD. . " D. C. DURBY, cut about fac«.
AMOS NININGER, Ashland. JAMES CROSBY. ... ,
OLIVE SHANNON. —BERNARD.. «
MRS. BROWN. 1 MRS. HICKS.
FRANK HAYNES. . CARL WELLS, Itga and back crushed.
C. R. ELLIOTT, arms and legs fractured. , 8. H., HAPPNYER.
CARL MINTIB, broken arm. otherwise MRS. LOUISE GILDES.
badly bruised and Injured. ALFRED HARDING.
FRANK LOVE. ' J. NELSON.
MRS. FRANK GILDAY and two children.. MRS.' CORNELLIE.
MANCHESTER, England, July 31.— The
possibility of the taxation of raw cotton
imported into Great Britain from foreign
countries while that grown within the em
pire may be exempted has greatly exercis
ed the manufacturers of the L«ancashire
district. Ir. reply to a direct question as to
whether the rumor was true that the
preferential tariff contemplated such ac
tion. Colonial Secretary Chamberlain has
telegraphed as follows:
"The statement is absolutely untrue as
regards myself. In fact, 1 have publicly
repudiated the suggestion to tax raw ma
terials."
Chamberlain Says Heport Concerning
Cotton Imports Is Entirely
Without Foundation.
NO INTENTION TO TAX .
THE EAW MATERIAL
ROME, July 31.— Senor Malvano. Secre
tary General of the Foreign Office, while
leaving his house on his way to his office
to-day, was suddenly attacked by a man
who struck him two violent blows with a
stick on his head and then ran away.
The Senor's assailant, however, was
almost immediately arrested. He was
identified as an Italian, named BuSa,
who had lost his fortune on account of
the revolutions in Guatemala and who
had unsuccessfully pressed his claims for
compensation.
Buffa considered that his failure to ob
tain redress was due to Senor Malvano.
The latter is not seriously injured.
Secretary General of Italian Foreign
Office the O'uject of Vio
lent Attack. .
CRANK BAIXS BLOWS
UPON SENOB MALVANO
Mrs. Hord. a sister of J. B. Marcum.
testified that when her brother came into
her house on the Sunday afternoon fre
vious to his murder born. Jetl and White
followed him and walked at»out In the dif
ferent rooms of her home. Sh« finally in">.
sisted that they leave, and they AlA so.
Mrs. Mary Johnson, another sister' of
Marcum, testified that armed men were
frequently teen about the house ¦where
her brother lived. She had *ived ar. her
brother's home for a year and *«he family
were frequently warned that Marcum
was to be murdered. She testified that
she saw both Jett and White after her
brother was killed, and that she asked
Jett directly about it and accusew. him
of it, ar.d that he replied:
' "Harris' money killed him, but I fired
the shot."
CYXTHXANA. Ky.. July a.—Common
trc&lth Attorney Byrd again Burpriaed all
ts-day by the introduction of new wit«
r.tp.na In the Jett and White trial. At the
Jackson trial Jett claimed to be*, talking
¦with Earner Schlff when Marcum \ was
i '. r. '.. '- Frhlft could : not \ bo found during
-.' .. Jacksca trial, bat to-day.- he testified
that he. was not with Jett when Marcum
was shot. The other new witnesses cor
roborate* Cattfcin ' Ewen ' as to the move
•rernt* of Jett and White when Marcum
v.ai killed In the Jackson courthouse. '
Witness I^andrum, Black.' Johnson 'and
Falkcrson all save evidence corroborating
Eweii on what happened In the Jackson
-sMinhousfc at the. "time of the Idling.
*?h<r also te&tUWd that Jett was not
sl&n&ws immediately after; the shooting
\>-h«ra he said he was. n«ir the well in
the ca-jrtliomtc yard. Jett testified in the
trial at Jscksan that h« was near this
well in Che courthouse yard. : ¦'-¦ '¦.¦':¦'
. ?n the aJtewooa Alexander H. Smith.
ar.o£*3cr ncR* *Jtnt«s, testifled to havir.B
seen Jett. W&Ke, Kwer, Marcum and
"othe.'s at the.tlrn* of the shooting, cor
roborating the-i testimony cf Kwen and
others. •T:^° ; " J ¦¦ -'. /¦.-.¦ •¦•;'/"'•¦¦
Marcxim's Sather-ta»!aw 'nrid. h!s-two
sisters fesllfled during the "¦• afternoon.
Hurst, the falher-!n^aw," testified . that
Jett came -co him" on che 'afternoon. of the
murder and wanted-' to- ;.talk .with* him.
White was with Jett at all -times oa the
three occasions that they nct.'-after the
death of Marcutn.:. Kyrst testified that
members of the family • knew of'a-con
spiracy to murder Marcum tor more than
a year before his death** '• .. ° : •/" * '•-
Prosecutor Building Up Case
£ gainst Marcum's Alleged
Slayers.
New Witness: Adds Link!'
to Evidence Against
Defendant. ¦
SCHIFF REFUTES
JETT TESTIMONY
SECTION OF WILLAMETTE RIVER BRIDGE AT PORTLAND COLLAPSES
AND HUNDREDS ARE HURLED INTO WATER IN A STRUGGLING MASS
LAW DEMANDS
SEARCHING TRIAL
Must Answer a 8^ <;
Alleged Influencing of Jaioi
¦¦^- :? ia.Lo8 Augeles 'to .Be;-:'; ¦
LOB AKGE&E8. July Sl-ltra. QtWa2j
TtTigga, «bo aougfat tn gala tte tartan*
left by Bal«m Cbarl**. «r ; Charts* BXX
as he was known !r» Lcm Angtle*. by t>
trodudug a document alleged ta fc« HUTf
will la favor of her dact&t*r, Ora-e*, «•¦
to-day bound over to mntrmev ta V* CftS*
fnal courts to the ch«r«» of •ttaapi^.f
to lafluenca a juror In tfc» will eJ»U*'>
Ball; was flx»<5 at wooo. Mrs. Cfifs* lU
not furclahea bail, but naya she «sp-tet*
to do so within a few day a.
Mrs. Dtlggn, accorfllnK tr» th* fftdcart
in the present hearing; iav* ta lure*
Butler a photograph alleged to b« tttt 61
Hill, -i»hleh. had been altered to cot *••
* pond with- the description of Hill a» §1»
en" by - Mrs. . Drlg jra In her testimony.
EMPLOYES ABE HtTET . .
co£usroii
Construction Txtia , Strlita 0n« ot
-. . - the Passenger Out: at
•PASADENA, July 3t-Slx emtfajr* tA
th§ 1'aclfte Electric Railway w*r* In
jured In a collision early to-day en the
Pasadena line between a -eonstructtos
train ot two flat cars, leaded *tt& tics,
and a pajeeager car cam tat vise m»
torrctn and conductors. • No {latsencert
were aboard the car. '••..•/•« -"* •-
Conductor W. E. Gard. suffered «er!ous
injuries about tbe head and wu taken to
& hospital. - Tb» others tvere only e!tghtl>
cut and bruised.. Tb© accident was caused
by a mtoonderstandlng/. the 'construction
crew presutnlng'tbat the track was clear.
:' : V;'. BKCAKS* THE OTHER ABM
Constable . Allen of Monterey Meets
.-.;¦ Witb AccMent in Perform
• V ° " " ¦ ° ance of Duty.
MONTEREY. July 31.-Constable Thom
as TV. Allen, while attempting to eject a
drunken man from an entertainment at
the opera-house last night, fell down the
stairs and broke his left arm below the
elbow. The accident is a serious one tc
Allen, who lost his right arm years age
in a hunting accident. He Is well knowt
throughout the State as the "one-armec
hunter of Monterey."
for more than fifty feet. I am of the opinlor
that some of the bodies will be found undet
the boathouse. as many of the people did not
fall straisht into the water, but came dowt
with a slant, which may have sent them ta
one direction or another after they sank.
Walter. Lyons of Salem, who was pri
vate secretary to ex-Governor T. T.
Geer. and who was among those precipi
tated into the river, states that he went
under the water but managed to swim
to the surface without sustaining any in
juries and was picked up by a small boat.
The injured who were taken to the hospi
tals are progressing favorably to-night
and it is r.ot believed any will die. y »
waj* ae'rbVt th# rlrcr vben some men came up
•In a .«klflT. They -w«r» •» Interested In the
swlmjner. who wn then tut a. Tew yards off.
that a» one of them — •• stepping on the plat
form lie carelessly missed his footing an* Tell
overboard. In getting Into Ihe boat another
one vac pushed overboard. This attracted the
attention of th# crowd that was standing on
the fcridge. \ -
There was a good deat of laughing and push.
ing among the people who were' on the end of
the bridge close to the boathouse until the
boys were all overboard and the skiff was
sinking. The span was Jammed with people
«o that there could not have been room for
any more. I was watching the capsized
rather than the swlmmtr, when all of a sud
den I heard a crash and a scream, and looked
uf> just as the span was falling. It broke In
the middle and the people Just rolled over each
other down those two chutes that came to
gether like a hopper.
It Is hard to tell what happened after that.
There was a crowd of struggling, screaming
men. women and children In the water, and
every one about the boathouse went to work in
the best way he could to help them out of the
JI suppose that there were fully . 200 people
on that span of the . sidewalk of the bridge
when it fell. I do not see how there could
have been fewer, as the people were crowded
there until it did not seem that it could hold
any more. Most of those who fell cleared the
platform and the buildings and went straight
into the water. It is my opinion that there
are a great many bodies to be recovered, as
¦there were scores who fell between the end of
the platform to the boathouse and the bridge,
where there Is a clear, open epace of river
?-r*?%V/.*;;.;A/.«;.*<.^
ttHE: SAN^ gRAyCISCQ vOAHi, SATOBDAg, ! AUGUST r 1, ieO&
3
The American Indian, accustomed from
time immemorial to go bareheaded in all
kinds of weather, is never troubled with
falling hair or baldness.
The close atmosphere caused by our
"civilized" headgear is conducive to the
breeding of infinitesimal perms, which dig
into the scalp and thrive on the sap of
the hair root.
Thi* true cause of baldness Is of recent dis-
covery an<J explain* the non-success of ill Mir
vlrors which treated baldness as a functional
disorder. - ,
-KcwbnTa Hcr-r-ielde is a direct exterminator
rif the Rertn. "It <i«**troy« the cause and > per-
mits the hair to kiow as nature . Intended. '
Sold by !e*-11nB drurrisU. Send 10c in
*tamps for san*i*ie to The Herpicide Co..
iwtrott, Mich. '
Facts About the American Indian's
Healthy Hair.
HATS OFF.
STEW AD VEBTISEMENTS.
•• f; j-. --V '* "> ADVEBTISEMENTS.
rqosTbros,
;• Announce To-Day the Beginning of an
.,;.. IMPORTANT SALE
MEN'S HIGH-GRADE LIGHT-WEIGHT SUITS
We begin to-day a clearing out of all light-weight
suits remaining on our counters.
• "Although described as "light-weight," they are well
adapted for present we r.
They are Single-Breasted Sacks of Blue Serge, Black
Cheviots and Thibets, as well as fashionable fancy effects
in Cheviots and Worsteds, embracing the well-known.
ROOS MADE goods and others made by BROKAW BROS.
and ROGERS, PEET & CO.,
No such bargains, were ever before offered. in San
Francisco. Note well the following reductions : '
' ' $18.00 Suits now for $14.50
$20.00 Suits now for $16.00
$22.50 Suits now for $18.00
$25.00 Suits now for $20.00
$27.50 Suits now for $22.00
$30,00 Suits now for $24.00
$35.00 Suits now for $28.00
You should make an early call to get the pick of them,
for they will not last long when the news gets out.
All sizes, to fit all men. y
RQQS^RQS.
KEA^NY. AT POST.
Why don't grocers money-
back everything?
Can't poor stuff; there isn't
money "nough. Schilling's Best
don't t2.!;e :iny money to speak-
c£ & - ¦¦WASHINGTON'. July 31.— Secretary Root
to-day directed 'th« sale of the military reser
vation known aa Columbus Barracks, at Co
lumbus. Ohio., sixty days from dat*, at its
.aryralsed valuation of 9290,000k
WASHINGTON. July 31— An order was
issued at the. Navy Department ' to-day
directing that'a commendatory letter be
Bent to Cockswain Fadden of the. Adams
for saving the life of a sailor. who fell
oVerbbard -from the Adams at Ban. Diego,
CeJ. He also will get a medal of honor. ..
Medal for Cockswain Fadden.
HONOLULU, July 31.— The Board of
Public Works Is engaged In the work of
deepening the harbor thirty-three . feet
and is rearranging the wharves. These
improvements are made necessary by the
Increase In the shipping here within the
last few years. 3BW
Deepening Honolulu's Harbor.
CHICAGO. July SI.— Robert M. Wilson,
editor of the Du'rand (III.) Clipper, plans
io start at noon to-morrow and walk -to
Cape Lisburne on the Arctic Ocean, feOOO
miles .away: He will go through Min
nesota, through Canada, - following th«
coast from Vancouver to. Caoe Nome,
theace* to ' hla destination beyond the
Arctic Circle. He expects to he gone
fifteen months.
Will Walk to Cape Lisburne.
. that the .negro convict, Seavis, was
seen \a\ 3:30 this afternoon. A mem
ber of the posse saw him come out
of : the woods on,, the top of a mount
tain about four -miles and a half,
south of Lotus. Several shots were fired
aV him. -but he darted back and escaped*
injury. ' The officers immediately sur
rounded the place and awaited reinforce
ments. They believe thaf the entire body,
of convicts,. with the exception of the two
who are 'supposed to - have gone out by
way of, Georgetown, _are secreted in the
neighborhood of the * place * where " Seavis
made his appearance and that he was
sent : by ;. them as a scout to see If ' tfcw
SACRAMENTO. SHERIFF. .
CONFIRMS A REPORT "
OF FIRING AT -NEGRO
LOTUS. July'31.— Sheriff Reese of Sac
ramento County* confirms , the report
EL PASO, Texas, July 31.— The Mexican
Government has issued a. decreee permit
ting the railroad systems of the republic
to increase by 15 per cent their rates for
the 'carriage of freight and passengers,
that their receipts may be nearer the gold
values contemplated In the original con
cessions.
Railroads May Increase Rates.
The reported appearance' of a convict
resembling Gordon turns out to be a mis
take. The fellow was traced and was
found to b/i a woodchopper seeking work
A number of hunters here have decided
not to go into the woods for fear they
mlaht-be mistaken for convicts and shnt
. . »wm.»v.m» ana snot.
victs are headed toward • Nevada
County and active preparations are betas
made at th« Sheriff's office to respond to
the first Information received that the
desperadoes are within the county bord
ers. Sheriff Walker, who was born and
raised here, knows every foot of the ter
rltory for miles around. He Is a " d«-"
termlned man and a quick and dead shot!'
If he takes the field. he may be counted
upon to make a showing against the band
The cause for fear that the escanM
will head this way is that Convict Fahe?
is known In many portions of the countV
Many Virginia City, Nev.. pe5 P ?e Hve"
here. Fahey. is a native of Virginia CItv
and visited here two years ago H«
might depend on a boyhood friendship
for protection from pursuit "«»«>P.
NEVADA COUNTY MEN
MAKE PREPARATIONS.
FOR POSSIBLE CHASE
NEVADA CITY. July 31.-The opinion
here now is that the escaped con-
NEW YORK, July 31.— James McCor
mick, one of the foremost Stock Exchange
traders for Gould, Fish and Belden many
years ago and also famous as an art col
lector, died suddenly at his home In
Brooklyn to-day, aged 58 years. He was
active on the floor of the exchange until
the close on yesterday, when he told a
friend he was going home to die. Many
of the most famous art treasures in the
museums in New York were brough:
from Europe by McCormlck.
James McCoruuck Passes Away.
Several New Postmasters Appointed
.'end Other Changes Made
the Postal Service. :¦ S\
¦VrAEHixGTOX, July 31.— Postofflees dis
continued August 15: California— Bursress
6ha*t* County, mall to Wenirler. Washington
*-£annrdate. Klni? County, mall to South Park
Oregon— Crane. Harary County (recently dijU
cofitliftiedh mill to Lawen instead of Venator
Postmaster commissioned : California Kate
C. AVoolsey. Keene.
. .Fourth Class poMmarter appointed : Califor
nia-f-ThoTras n. Strader. Mlramar San 'Diego
County., vice James M. LatoIjc resifrneri .
"Army order— Second Lieutenant W. E Goole
by, .Twenty-first Infantry, from Prt^'dlo of
San Francisco to his company.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
At 10 o'clock I received, a message from
J.' S." Spencer,- who is at Cool, declaring
that he is positively certain that all but
two of the escapes, who have reached the
At 9:30 to-night I received a telephone
message from J. F. McDonald, a guard
from this prison, saying that he took
two shots at two prisoners at Orilli's
place, near. the Webber creek bottom,
this evening. It was in the dusk and the
men were not close at hand. McDonald
was confident of his men. One of them
was the negro, Seavis. This proves to us
that the convicts are still. in the Webber
creek country. AVe place reliance on- what
McDonald says about seeing, the two con
victs.
Sheriff Bosquit telegraphs from Placer
ville that he has not definitely-located the
refugees, but he thinks he .knows the
region in which they are located. He has
not given up the search.
. completed his collection of reports for
the day and at 10:30 o'clock to-night gave
out the following summary: „
Sheriff Keena telephones from Lotus
that he has found no trace of the escaped
convicts and that, he is coming home, as
his official duties reauire him to be. in
Auburn on the. first of the month." He will
leave his posse at Lotus and will return
there as soon as his official duties will
allow him to do so. . . :
REPORTS AT FOLSOM
TELL OF PROGRESS
OF THE MAN HUNT
FOLSOM. July 31.— Secretary Brainard
F. Smith of the State Prison here has
chaparral, are still in that section of the
country, as they' have had no chance, in
his opinion, to .get away.
The two men who got through the cor
don have escaped by the. way of George
town. He learns that last Wednesday
two' armed men stopped a miner seven
miles above Georgetown and asked him
about the lay of the road. They told him
that they 'were officers in search of con
victs who had escaped from Folsom. ¦ At
that time the' miner had not heard that
any convicts had escaped and his suspi
cions were not aroused.' Since hearing of
the escape and having the men described,
he is confident that the two men wero
convicts. This is confirmed from the fact
that no officers hunting convicts have
gone that far in the mountains.
ROME, July ZL— The Sacred College to
day approved the payment of $10,000 to
the doctors and others who attended the
late Pontiff during his I .at illness.
Fee for Pope Leo's Doctor 3.
HUNTINGTON. W. Va.. July 3L-Ches
ape&ke and Ohio express train No. 1 was
held up by a mob of 2D0 men near Clifton
Forge -last . night and a desperate but
unsuccessful effort was made to take two
negro prisoners from the train. Over a
hundred shots were fired by the mob. The
engineer, being left unguarded, started
the train, which ran away from the mob.
The negroes for whom the train was
held up are from Lynchburg, Va., and are
believed to be the men who shot the
white men a few days ago.
MOB TRIES TO LYNCH
)<ii NEGROES OF LYNCHBURG
Holds Up Train, but Engineer Opens
Throttle and Buns It Away
to Safety.
Sheriff Mansfield of San Mateo
County said:
"I do not agree. with Sheriff Keena
that all the convicts have -passed
through the lines. Three or four of
.them are still in this section. Ten
thousand men could not catch them
the way' we are hunting now. The only
way to do it is to place two or three
men in- every lonely house and have
them shoot the convicts when they ap
pear for food as they will have to do
eventually. I 'think the negro must be
alone and that the 'dope' fiends are in
a separate party. Some of the rascals
Avill be caught in the long run. I will
keep after them awhile on my own
hook."
Charles Jolly, who commands the
Folsom guards, remarks that "the-con
victs or at least a part of them are still
here. We are getting trace' of them
occasionally. I want to get a shot at
them, particularly the negro. " We shall
keep pushing along with reinforcements
and we expect to do something before
we're done."; .... ... ,
''I do not think the' thing has' been
managed quite as" it should. have been."
said ex-Sheriff Coriroy of Placer to-day;
OPINIONS OF SHERIFFS.
victs to Coloma Creek. Acting oh this
information Sheriff Keena and his men
will leave at midnight for the Alpine
mine in order, to be on the scene atday
break. - - •
'•All the officers .believe that the con
victs have separated and are now' trav
eling in pairs. It is also believed that
the negro has been dropped. Two men
are said to have held up and robbed a.
man Tuesday night at the Myrtle mine
near Coloma. '.
¦ Sheriff Keena of Placer County said
to-day: • . , •
"I be'lieve the convicts- have separ
ated and skipped out. I presume some
of them are already riding brakebeams
,to the East. -I thought . several days
ago that the men had escaped the
posses and I believe the search will be
fruitless, I shall keep at it ' awhile
longer, however, in hopes that I will
be able to land something. It is a puz
zle to me to account for these rumors
which are floating about regarding the
presence of convicts in various places.
To tell the truth I do not take much
stock in these reports."
bers of Company H of the Second
Regiment of the National Guard also
came home, under command of Captain
Swisler. They were all greeted by the
entire population. The posse of the Sher
iff and the' soldiers were tired out.
Sheriff Bosquit tells a thrilling st^y of
his men tracing footprints in the wildest
and roughest country, and says he 4s pos
itive three or four convicts, have lost
themselves in this section. Asked . what
he thought of the convicts taking tRe
"old robbers' trail" Sheriff Bosquit said
that he believed that some of them had
made In that direction. Boaqult Is forced
to rest, as he Is almost exhausted.
coast was clear before venturing out.
The base of the mountain will be closely
guarded to-night and the officers will go
through the entire mountain top at an
early hour in the morning. The men on
the ground are the Deputy Sheriffs from
Sacramento and Placer and El Dorado
counties and some of the prison guards
from Folsom.
PLACERVILLE, July 31.-Sheriff
Bosquit and some of his posse ar
rived here to-night, and the mem-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"Part of. the .convicts are still in the
hills betw.een Webber ' Creek and
Georgetown. The posses will undoubt
edly keep after them and get some -of
them before -long. I shall keep up the
hunt on my- own account for several
days yet. I am now goine to 'the
Georgetown district."
Sheriff Bosquit of El Dorado Coun-<
ty, stated in an interview:
"This thing is all in my county and
I feel' badly to think those fellows are
loose in this neighborhood. It's most
peculiar that ' we get no definite news
of the" whereabouts of the desperadoes.
We have made a careful search and the
only thing we can do is to keep at it.
I am positive that four of the convicts
are somewhere around Webber Creek.
We ought to get a man or two before
long. My shoes' are worn through and
my feet are blistered, but I shall keep
at it.;'. • ••¦¦••¦¦ ,. : : 7 -;- .
Soldiers at Home
After Arduous
Service.
ROME, July 31.— Dr. Lapponl's dutlcfl
began immediately after the opening of
the conclave, much fear being expressed
concerning the health of Cardinals Mo
cennl, Cretoni and Langenieux. who ara
already ill. The first Cardinal to be taken
to his bed- was Cardinal Herrera y Espi
nosa. Archbishop of Valencia, who is SI
years of age, and was appointed a Car
dinal at the consistory held in June last.
He is prostrated by over fatigue. The
doctors have ordered him to take a rest.
Although Cardinal Herrera y Esplnosa
is confined to his cell by Illness, be will
be allowed to take part In the conclave by
voting If he is cot able to get up.
At midnight the news from, within the
precincts of the conclave is to the effect
that after" prayers the Cardinals took
supper at a common table, with the ex
ception of nine of them, who had their
meals served in their cells. Cardinal
Herrera y Espinosa, with. the assistance
of a cordial administered by Dr. Lapponi,
Is reported to have gone quietly to sleep.
Dr. LapponFs Services Already He
quired in the Conclave.
SPANISH CARDINAL IS ILL.
Sheriffs Believe Some of the Fugi
% tives Are Still in Hiding in
/ . the Dense. Brush:
Lieutenant Kipp with -six Folsom
guards will join their fellow employes
here to-morrow. This party will search
the Webber Creek district more . thor
oughly than has been done^ previously.
T. C. Collins and William Jackson tel
ephoned to Lotus this afternoon that
they haa tracked two supposed' con-
SEARCH TO CONTINUE.
This story was the cause of the rush
orders sent over this .county and parts
of others. All roads in the vicinity of
Lotus were closely guarded last night.
Two hundred men eagerly awaited the
appearance of dawn as the rumor was
that five convicts were surrounded. At
4 o'clock this morning the town was
astir and mounted men were hurrying
hither and thither. Before sunrise a
small- army in -various detachments
marched on the Webber Creek district
That was all there was to it. except sun
burn, aching joints and profanity.
The 'militiamen had a vigorous wrari
gle with men -of the Sheriffs posse*
last night over thefruitlessness of the
chase and spent to-day resting in the
shade at Lotus. No one has any defin
ite ideas as to the whereabouts of the
escaped felons. Theories are as num
erous as manzanita bushes. \ .:/
Jasper Jurgens has asserted that he
heard about ten shots this morning two
miles from the postoffice. Sheriff.Bos
quit heard the • same rifle reports and.
investigated the . whole neighborhood
for the supposed conflict without result.-
It is thought j that one of the Salmon
Falls detachments fired the shots,. After
thoroughly canvassing the situation the
different posses returned to Lotus.
Sheriff Mansfield and ex-Sheriff Con
roy departed late this afternoon in a
buggy for Georgetown. The veteran
officers plan to scout through Black
Rock arid Red Rock canvons and
Greenwood Creeks for several days.
LOTUS: July 31.— The pursuit of
the desperadoes wfio .made, the
break from Folsom penitentiary
last Monday is at a standstill. A
few men are out hunting for
clews, but most of the sheriffs, their
posses and the militia are resting from
a fruitless chase. The forces are in no
way organized and there is dissension
in the ranks. -The • convicts would
seem to be perfectly safe from attack.
The suspicions of a woman were re
sponsible for the gatherings of the man
hunters at this village last night. Mrs.'
Stronach, who lives in a lonely clearing
four miles from Lotus., heard on Tues
day that the convicts had escaped from
the prison. Wednesday night two" men,
one of whom carried a gun, called at'
her house ior a drink of water, j She
asserts that she knew immediately that
they were convicts. . The men remained,
conversing with her ior -half a"n hour.
One wore overalls and a jumper. Both
had hats low on their foreheads.
The woman said yesterday that' she
could not see the faces of either. She
identified • a photograph of convict
Howard as that of one of the men.
The woman is nervous with excitement
and decidedly uncertain regarding the
visit of which she speaks. ¦ *
GUARDS ARE PLENTIFUL.
Fears of a Woman
Arouse Many
Pursuers.
Five members of the militia company
have arrived here and they are almost
worn out with travel. They say that it Is
the opinion among the posses that the
convicts have headed for the north to
ward Placer County and the Rubicon
"country.
The militia will return to Placerville
late to-night. Sheriff Bosqutt of this
county is due here to-night with his
posse. There has been no one to direct
the manhunters, and there has been con
siderable jealousy among the various
posses.
The exclusive story In The Call to-day
that the convicts had planned before the
prison break to take the "old robbers'
trail" has caused considerable comment
here.. Every one is now satisfied that this
information is correct and proven so by
the failure of the posses to find any trace
of the convicts around Webber Creek,
Pine Hill. Lotus or Coloma.
JEALOUSY IN POSSES.
"This information has been in possession
of the Georgetown officers for the past
three days and they investigated before
calling for assistance. Now that they feel
almost sure that some of the convicts are
heading for the Rubicon country aid has
been called for.
.^Warren Green, a merchant of George
town, telephoned here this evening that
the story of school children regarding
'some armed men near the Seven-mile
House last Wednesday evening has been
verified. Constable Steermon of George
town has been out on the trail since yes
terday and he went up to the Seven-mile
House and ascertained that six seven
men had passed there. The tracks led
from Coloma Canyon along the "old
road" to Taylor's mine, past the old Al
pine mine" and then turned into the dense
brush. These tracks found to-day clearly
indicate that a party of men Is heading
northward to the old volcano, which is on
the "old robbers' trail," leading to the
Rubfcon country.
Foreman - Tolman of the Darling mine,
¦which is near the Alpine mine, was asked
to-day over the telephone by Deputy
Sheriff Bosquit of Placerville if he had
heard of any of the convicts being in that
vicinity. Talman replied that on Tuesday
evening two armed men stopped him as
he was driving on the road and asked him
if he "had seen any officers. He told them
that he had not and the men then went
off into the dense brush.
....' Folsom Prison laet Monday have
.headed over the "old robbers' trail" lead
ing to the Rubicon country. The chase
made by the sheriffs and . militia, around
Lotus, Cool, Coloma, Webber Creek and
Pine Hill has availed nothing. The gen
eral belief is that the convicts headed for
the north after the battle with the posses
at Pilot Hill last Monday night.
Information was received to-day that
•six j or eight men have gone northward
over the "old robbers' trail" and the
•posses are now heading In that direction.
To-night^ all the roads and streams in the
vicinity 'of Georgetown are being pa
trolled and x»oEses are to concentrate in
that region by to-morrow morning. The
driver of the stage from Georgetown to
Placerville distinctly saw the trails of six
or eight men last Tuesday morning some
diEtance from Georgetown. '
TRACKS OF A PARTY.
PLACERVILLE. July 81.— There
seems little doubt now that the
band cf convicts who escaped from
Special Dlsr>atch to The Call,
Seymour says neither of these men'will
have a leg to stand upon when they face
the charge of conspiracy to murder in
court. About a dozen of the convicts,
nearly all of whom he said had seen him
standing near the chapel when the as
sault upon the officers was made, were
examined. It is a point that they were
desirous of shielding Meyers, but had not
an opportunity to consult him or among
themselves as to what their testimony
should be. The result was they all told
conflicting stories. Not one of them said
he had seen Meyers anywhere near the
chapel. . •' .
Evidence of Turnkey Cochrane's fidelity
to duty was brought out at the examina
tion. One of the witnesses to the assault
in the captain's office testified that when
Cochrane fell, sorely wounded, he cried:
"Tell Caray to lock the prisoners, up!"
showing he was thinking only of his duty
at the tragical moment.
Murphy have completed their inves
tigation of the conspiracy among the pris
oners to break jail. The case against
Convicts Meyers and Leverone was made
even stronger than It was' with' the con
clusion of the evidence taken last -Monday
night.
DISTRICT ATTORNEY ,
SAYS TWO CONVICTS
PLAINLY ARE OTJUiTY
SACRAMENTO, July SI.— District At
torney Seymour and Captain R. J
Every one Is at sea in the matter, and,
all things considered, it seems that the
convicts were heading miles away from
the territory in -which the Sheriffs have
operated.
The clew found by Sheriff Bosquit's
posse, consisting of underclothes in a
dense thicket near the South Fork of the
American River, may Indicate the pres
ence of some convicts there. The shots
fired to-night by the Folsom guards at a
suspicious man near Orilli's ranch who
got away In the • brush may develop
something worth a pursuit. Reports from
Georgetown near the "old robbers" trail"
indicate the presence of six or eight con
victs heading for the Rubicon country.
The final situation is that no one has pos
itively seen any of the convicts since
Monday night and no positive clew has
been secured.
situation as to the whereabouts of
the escaped convicts In a perfect state of
uncertainty.
Since the battle of Pilot Hill on Monday
night everything has been based on ru
mors a'nd nothing else. What seemed at
first to be a good clew has alway3 after
ward turned out to be useless. Every one
is in the dark as to the whereabouts of
the convicts.
PLACERVILLE. July 31. midnight.—
At this hour the events of the past
four days summed up Ieave3 the
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Georgetown Becomes the Headquar
ters of Manj Pursuers of
Criminals.
Shots That Were Fired From a
Ranch May Lead to the Capture
of the Men.
Busy Manhunters Are Now
in an Uncomfortable
; Situation.
Tracks ol a Convict Gang
Tboflgbt to Have Been
Discovered.
Posses Are Heading
for New Scene
of Searcli.
El Dorado Conditions
Continue Mys
terious.
RUBICON'S '
HILLS MAY
BE HUNTED
ALARMING
TALES ARE
BASELESS
THE SAN FEANCiSCO CALL, SATURDAY,; AIZGUST 1, Wv3.
PLACER VILLE, July 31. — A telephone message received from Lotus to-night says that a posse of * Folsom prison guards fired on .a man supposed to be the
colored convict, Seavis, at Orelli's ranch, about two "miles from Lotus. The guards had driven up in a wagon to the* ranch shortly before dusk, and they were
standing on-the porchof the house, when they saw a man coming up the road in the direction of the house. When the man saw the guardshe started to go
back. The guards went after him and called on him to halt. He failed to do so and the posse opened fire on him just as he disappeared in the dense brush. The
guards will patrol: the road all night, as it is clear and the moon is bright, and further help is to be sent" from Lotus as soon as dawn, arrives.
VICIOUS CRIM I N ALS MINGLE T HE IR IRE WITH MERCY
STATE TROOPS IN THE FIELD
PURSUING THE RUNAWAY
CRIMINALS.
4has been sent to the Board of Super
'visors, who will appoint his successor at
•the meeting next week. His preliminary
hearing will take place soon.
.'.'A'- number of the most . prominent Mexi
can residents 'of = this city met last night
afJVpollo Hall, on Pacific street, to make
arrangements _• for the celebration of the
Mexican independence day. September IS.
.Plan's wrere outlined by the committee In
charge, and It adjourned to meet again In
a few days to make the final preparations
for the event.
: Mexicans Will Celebrate.
J YIJBA- CITY; : July. ; Mqpiiet-,
rf dgelv Auditor: iir^d .".Becorder • of . Su'tter
.Cauhty^^was 'lodgedVf n jaU- : t.Rls.af terhoon
; on- the "char^t ' oX ¦ faisifyi'ng!' the -county
irepordrf.;- \ '.'.:.•'. 'I'-v -A-' :." '••••.•;¦..'•'•. .'*''
¦ '...BeGeht.ly.'the '.Board bf Super.visbxs ap
. pointed-* a % n -expert: to i "•govo*-?ii- his books.
•arid .enough'irr'eRura-ritles were .found*, to
•ju'sti?y..the •JD.IstrlcVAtt'orney* fn . taking
•^cti'qn 'to .b.rlnK about the »-arr»st.'. \
The -amount.. of the'delin.quvnc\ Is" noi
known -a3 yet.* .MdPfietrldge \a a. > r oung
•man, unmarried," and "was" apoointed ,to
the position in 1839 oh the death of his
father. He * was 'elpcted 'on the Demo
cratic ticket last fall for. a term of four
• years. .. ¦ .¦
It is understood that his resignation
Bjecial/rilspatch.' to The: Gali:" V
pj0S.cial of Surt er Gbtinty.
COUNTY AUDITOR
GOES TO A JAIL
' "'"Lasl -Tuesday^ WTadh4.ms.-"-came. ' to 'me and
demanded SlOO'whip'h* he'said'l had"- taken from,
his wife. .. I. indignantly refused to .produce .the'
money ar^d he reduced {he. amount. to $50.- -He
alleged 'that'"'! ;had ; secured' the release*- of - the.
woman-'and stolen, the coin:-, 'This "cam -be
easily refuted .by the. records -of tjie borid' and'
warrant .'clerk'.s^office-. ..Then'. the. .coudIc- apr
•pe'ared. befpre. Acting- jChlef.' Martin .arid l'n my.
; presence. made. ¦the.lr-'complaipt.'," • -. - . ,.' •. , ¦
I do not '.'accuse- Wadhams of attempting : to
blackmail- mv but-"I- do make that 'charge
against his wife: •• She is' a. foolish woman, and
because I would .'not- keep a promise which I
indiscreetly made, and only -In an.. attempt tp
get Iher. to. go. back* to her I hom'e,* she *ls trj-ing'
to- make • trouble tor me.**.'. I will fight the
¦charges and -believe . that I- can --secure subr
st.antl.ation from other pollcemen'-for the- state
ment-tha.t I make'. -.The-fa'ct that she-has t»een
twice arres'ted for Intoxication" 'is. I. think, suf
ficient testimony! as to. her reputation. ;¦' -
Mrs. Wadhams says she was taken into
custody by Detective Fitzgerald,- Police
man Hyland. who was .an acting «detec-*
tive. and Officer Mitchell on the evening
of July 18, She "was found, stupefied and
was sent to ' the G\ty and County. Hos
plta'l. .A. woman' cpmparilon, .Miss* .Mamie "
S.canlon, remained; in the . hospital . two.
days, but Mrs. Wai.lharhs." was booked $t
the SeVenteenth-street police .sta^on^bji, a.
charge- of intoxication.- Slie* had. In -her
possession" ?129 and -was . later' 'released:^
Then* the accusation is rrfade that th'e-'ofN
.ficer" extorted' .'^lo•s^ # of .tne.**rnoney. •from
her and afterward blackmailed her,
band, out of ' $50. ' Trie . two women; were'
aga.ln arrested- orf .July 22. by other o£
flcers for..btiing .Urunk. . ;¦".' ':'. . -"_ l * ? r-"
'.'Officer- Hyland -has the following'-.to'-say
regarding. the "case:" "• • • " -." • V" '¦*•'-"•
" ; On-tKe.nlghf of. July .18 If' wa3..rep/}f.tid- .trtxt"
two. women had .been- rebbed* at H"arTis3n.ahd'
Fourteent.h Btr;ets. .*. Detecflye Fitzzerald'-and
-myself w'efe detailed on the case,- ahd when
we arrived- on -the -scene, we founil two womf.ii,
lying aUipened 'in- the-stfeet and Officer Mltch r
ell'.fn charge of .two men. 'After" satisfying
dujrb.elves'.that -the .women had not been rbb£ed.
¦we-.'releawfd- the Tnen and sent the wofrten to
the. hospital.. . Mrs. Wfedhams recoveVed "quickly
and .we. took her back to .the station, where >re*
. booked- -hex .>'s 'a.»';drunk."" On .the way sht.
.told ¦ me -that-. I .resembled --her-. first, .husband ¦
and that;. she -would ' like to m^'et me"'. again.;.
She 'said 'she -had- had'- trouble with Wadhams,*
het 'BeconJ -husband.' '.and 'bore no love-for-him.
. "Who 'released- .her l r do*, not. know.- but -next
•day- 1. met her" at ihe 'Hall of -Justice and-. aa-:.
.slated 'her In" getting her., money;-- which : ;was In
possession pi! the property clerk. ~ At her .sug—
ge&tlon-.I met her'.. again at- a downtown- hotel
and «he' repeatedly' rnade'.love to me- and" asked
me- to .elope -with- her. .to". Redding'. -;'.Ti'' paclf/
be;r .1 --promised. " buf when -I saw shel-was' in
¦earnest surged her to. return .to'hei" husband..
•Then she seemeS Indignant; that --I -.did 'not' keep
my. riromise to- -go 'with h'e'r, a«'4"I oncejm'ore.
.told her to • go'"-'back to her'.home'.at.l65 Lex
ington "avenue* . v -' ..' : .... .. -' .'• j; ; ".••¦' "...
S6oh"af.terward*.I-'met "Wa'dhams irnd-'he^'of-.
fered to give me $50 to. tell him-' where his'-wlfe"
was.» I jcor.suHe"d.. Detective .-"'Taylor -and ..ujioq
hrs- advice- refused-- the Tnonejr,. . but '-took • the
husband .to the. vromao. '. I; called on. th.em.both.
two . days - later on. l-jexthgton/.a, Venue"- .:and' all
difficulty, seeme'd.' t'o have-' been' smeoth'ed- ovir.
In the meantime Mrs.-'Wadham> and her. com-."
.p.anl«n,-'Mlss- Scanioni. had '.been. a'Raln' arrested'
by Policemen WoHwebe'r and. Gallagher for-be>
ing.-' drunk in . .the .vicinity, ot. (he: former's
home.-'. . ' •¦•'.'•:-.-¦..- '• ':'.•¦.¦''.' •-. ¦ "
Mrs. Chester W. Wadhams, wife of a
merchant and recently arrested on two
occasions for drunkenness, came with her
husband to Acting Chief of Police Mar
tin with several charges against Police
man Frank W. Hyrand yesterday. The
officials are inclined to investigate* the
matter before the accused patrolman is
summoned before the Commissioners." • .
. ; signed hl3 name . "Hamner"
;both to -the*. receipt and the letter sent to
Mead-. The matter has occaslpned a good
deal.xjf" investigation, since it was feared
-'that there might have been others assist
ing Hammer in, "his work. .Other letters
have' reached headquarters which are of
such a. character as to lead to the suppo
sition-, that the man. has been drinking
. heavily or is* of unsound mind. If inquiry
•warrants* It he. will be charged with de
• sertion and fraud .before a military court.
, Ilarnmer, it Is said, has claimed to b» »
"prison' evangelist" -and a Baptist preach
"er,;as evidenced by the "Rev." which ac
•.companled . his' signature to the receipt
given to Mrs.' Lever. / •
, OBDEBS ' HIS ABBEST.
• -He^also wrote to Mrs. Lever telling her
thatlie-ha.d.been delayed, but would.meet
"her before .the transport sailed. ;
.•The' communications, reached the au
thorities, and yesterday; at noon. a tele
gram was sent -by Major Williams, adju
tant: •general., td the recruiting officer at
Los* Angeles to "arrest and return Ham
mer* at "once . to. Sah Francisco. The In
structions were ' Immediately compiled
with- and Hammer "was arrested and, in
charge of. a guard, left last evening for
this* city:. . ' ' • • ;
¦"'•Armed with, the two ."receipts Mrs., Lever
left: the 'offices. of*the medical s'ujjerinten
¦ &eht and, hever'dfearalng for a moment
but- that tneVwho'le- 'thing was perfectly
i'egltimate'. .handed.' it iV alleged. Private
Hammer- the. fM and Wen? Joyfully to her*
• ho.me-.wlth- her- daughter' with the lnten
flon'ofpreparlngrfor the.Jong? voyage.'
.-.Days : parsed, "but! Hammer.'s, fallur« ; to
keep .apjofntmehts -caused Mrs. Lever, to
make' Inquiries and th"e alleged deception
was- Ja'ld ; . bare -when -it. was found thAt
Hamrner jhad departed to Loss, Angeles."
•.•The. following letter' was received from
him .o'n .Wednesday' b7 JHarry. Mead of th«
-tfanspdriv.. •• •"..' ' ', " '.'.„ " ° ¦ , 4 .
'"'. ' '¦'¦ ' '.LO3-ANtSEr.E3: July 29. 1003.
•'"-.Mr. -Harry- Mead^-jDeai- Friend: Plea*« bold
all -my 'mall "until*! either, sret It In i»r»on,or
•senll.tor it; will you*. Ahd-lcok atx*r my stutf
until .1' return: I am *,traridea here and hav«
applied for. transportation, bkek to Frl»co. and
.will return tome time during the coming we«k.
Hoping you "will compljr with my inquest.' I
am. -your., truly. GHAR^i w _ hAmXER:
• Station' - : — r-. ' ¦/.¦ • • • • . ,
-•.. por *• ... • •' ¦• • . " • * «. °
-..'/, ¦' ¦¦¦ SAN- FJiA.VciSCO. Cal.. July 2T. .
R«?c-ivfed front ilant E. Lev«r-th** sum of
$5t£for tr»h«t>ortaH6n to MaaUa. P^ I., on eltlw
?***•'*-**"*&&;¦ '^: hamner. • ;
.. -• .¦•-•.': -•• «.' ¦¦ Pva.-ri.JC. W. A.
RECEIPT. ; FOB.- PASSAGE:
"When* the United States transport
Thomas sails* to-day from her berth at
the 'Transport dock for the Philippines
there will be no more-disappointed women
left behind than Mrs. Mary Lever and
Miss Mary Lever, her daughter. Both
women have good, and sufficient reasons
to believe that they, have been woefully
duped out of^ money they claim to have
given* to* Private 'Charles W. Hammer
of 'the Hospital Corps, "for their passage
-to' the islapdst •
;.. Mrs". LeVer came recently to San Fran
cisco from Washington. D. C. and hoped
.to'go to Manila, where" her son Is ¦serv
"Ing In the United States army. She in
forrrrea.t-a .friend- at ihe Presidio of her
irmentlori- and when the 9 Thomas arrived
.recently she accompanied him 'on board
thfef transport to inspect the vessel. They
.came, across. -'Private Hammer and the
woman's wish' to 'sail on vessel was
'imparted:-td.fiim/ Hammer; It Is alleged,
became" deeply' interested In the matter
and. it is claimed, tQld Mrs. and' MI.«
lieyer* that 'he" was in *a' position to gtt
t'hem 'a-.rate that would meet with their
•4'pprqyar.. ' "• "•'•*•..•.; •*
% - S.ubsequehVly •Ilam.rhe.r'.met the women
and .took .them. : wfth all.tne airs of . an
¦'official', vested-"- with' ."authority -to • the
.clerk'ls/offlce, .of-'the" medlcaf »up«rlntead
enjl'.' lie -..there requested -orie of, the offi
cial's.' • lo.- .write'- from -hfs dictation a re
'rpceip.t fbr..'4a0._Rrlor "to that he. handed
Mrs.. ' Lever : a written*:receipt..ln hlsowa
. hand wrttinjf for '.trahsp*ortation. as ,fol«
floors ;•¦•'•••••¦¦••¦¦-. ' ; ... . .-. 4>
Asserts That He Fraudulently
. Took Cash .for Fares
' . • • on Transport.
Claims His Frisoner Fell in
Love With Him at First' '
: ¦ . Sight.
Mrs. Lever Claims That
Private Hammer Has
. • Fleeced Her.
Policeman Frank Hyland
Answers Allegations .
of a .Woman.
SERIOUS CHARGE
AGAINST SOLDIER
SAYS HER FOLLY
BROUGHT CHARGE
OFFICERS MAKE FRUITLESS SEARCH FOR CONVICTS
The, teachers of the Horace Mann Gram
mar School gave a luncheon yesterday In
honor of ¦; Miss Elizabeth Hawkins, who
has resigned? her; ppsitipn: on; the .teach-"
Ing staff after a service of four years. -At
the conclusion of the affair a silver souve
nir.' wasfpresented to the popular teacher
bv her associates v
Give. Farewell Luncheon. •
""My God. e men," he shouted, "this is
wrong.' Every one of , the 'officers! of the
union got a share of • the money. / There
was not one that did not have a finger In
the -'graft.'." v
Judge i.Newb'urger. pa'd no attention to
the' frantic man. Mu- phy wanted to; go
to Stng Sing at. once. His attorney would
ha ve\ asked for, a certificate of reasonable
doubt, so as to take" the case to the Cpurl
pf 'Appeals ; had ' It npt been that Murphy
opposed such a step.
i "I,, am tired of the Tombs," the prison
er said. \ ''The excitement and shame of
the trial ) have ; made me sick and dispirit
ed, r, I j want tp : get • away j f rpm , here.' In
prlspn^maybe Iwlirhear np, mpre, things
that are said against me. That will dome
•nnd.'i"! noad rMt" ¦; ,.
"NEW YORK, July 31.— Lawrence
Murphy, former treasurer of the Journey
men Stone Cutters' Union, who -was ar
rested last December charged with em
bezzling, $12,000 from the organization and
convicted last Mpnday pf grand larceny,
was to-day, sentenced tp'flve years and
six months in State prispn.
The prispner's cpunsel asked fpr clem
ency for his client, but the Judge scored
the prlspner severely, saying that he had
spent the funds pf the union in riotous
living and that his total stealings amount
ed tp $27,000. ;
In the course of his remarks he said:
I have a letter from John Mitchell In which
he states: that part of the money embezzled by
Murphy was, paid lnby worktngmen who.be
long to 'the society : to be contributed to, the
strike fund . of the miners In Pennsylvania. ,
" This 'defendant received a large v sum of
money .from, men who worked -by the sweat
of their* brows to earn an honest llvlngr. that
they, might -put honest bread In" the mouths of
their children.
Twenty-seven - thousand ¦ dollars Is a large
sum- 1 of money, indeed, and- the evidence at
the ¦ trial ' shows that -it was spent In riotous
living and for a trip to Europe.
= When the Judge had finished ; Murphy
was crying bitterly and apeared tp be on
the verge of collapse. ' •
Special Dispatch to The Call,
'Much trouble has ; been caused -by Mex
icans employed on the power' plant and
last 1 Saturday night | about a ; dozen • en
gaged ; In a free-for-all fight, using .knives
and revolvers . freely. . One' man is . seri-*
busly wpunded with a bullet in the shpul
der, a second lies dying at Kernville with
a 1 knife wound in 'the -groin, and a third
had his arm broken by a bullet. \
Last Sunday a Mexican attacked Wil
liams on the road near Isabella and the
negro- shot him. : in the shoulder. The
Mexican^fled- and Williams, claiming self
defense, was not arrested, but was warn
ed, that his : life was In danger at the
hands of the friends, of the wpunded Mex
ica'n. but-refused to flee. .. .
Withput taking the trpuble tp hpld an
inquest the authorities burled the negro
this morning^ The murderer escaped. A
telephpne message .received by Cprpner
Mullins this afternpon told of the crime,
but gave no details. The Coroner and
Deputy District Attprney Flpurney will
leave .tp-mprrpw fpr Kernville tp investi
gate.
BAKERSFIELD, July 31.— Word was
received here" Jate '. this afternoon of a
shocking murder at Kernville, a mountain
town thirty miles from the rallrpad. The
crime, which is the climax pf a series pf
minpr acts pf lawlessness during the past
week, was cpmmitted last night, when
some unknown person killed in cold blood
a negro by the name of Williams, who
was employed on the power, plant of the
Huntlngton-Hellman syndicate : at that
point. The assailant stole up on his vic
tim and struck him from behind with a
heavy single-tree, killing him instantly.
Special Dispatch to The Call
The .announcement .was made to
night that • Gpvernpr Peabody was
this "afternoon waited upon, by.-, a
committee from, th* union miners who
were driven out of Idaho Springs by 500
citizens and presented with a petition fpr
State troops tp protect them from "the
lawless element." which is represented as
having driven Ihera from their homes
wilhout cause and subjected them to
other Indignities. The Governor is quoted
as having .said that he would on Monday
advise them to app'ly t<* the civil authori
ties of Clear Greek County, an'd if they
fail to obtain Justice he will then cpn-
Flder their request, for protection from
the State.
Leading citizens of Idaho Springs have
taken up the detective work and axe con
stantly developing damaging evidence
against the miners' union. As a conse
quence members are constantly being or
dered out of town and all trains and ve
hicles arriving are closely, watched to see
that the evicted men do not return and
to prevent officers of the Western Fed
eration of Miners entering camp.
It has developed that Philip Fine, the
dynamiter who was found dead after
Tuesday night's explosion that wrecked
the Sun -and Moon works, was not shot
by the- watchman; bu( was killed by some
missile, which exploded while he w-as car
rying it. %
DENVER, July SI.— Evidence that the
Idaho Springs Miners' Union was impli
cated in the Idaho Springs dynamite plot
has been found on the perspn of II. E.
Gregory of the Georgetown union, now
under arrest for threats to blow up the
Sun and Moon mine's power plant. Among
his papers- was a letter from Chandler,
financial, secretary of the Idaho Springs
union, offering union funds and aid for
the dynamiting of the plant. Other evi
dence Incriminating union officers and
many members has been obtained by
"sweating" Gregory and Bate, the former
president of the body, now in Jail.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Judge Denounces Treg,s
- urer Murphy and Re
fuses Clemency.' .
Murder. ' th^' Climax- of
- Reign of. Terror
. ' .in Kern ville.
SENTENCES UNION
OFFICER TO JAIL
STRIKES DEADLY
BLOW IN DARK
. SOLlilElis HAVE -TAKEfl- A PiFtdMi'
:••> TNENT/PART-'jK^ -tii.-E- PUR^tllT QF" THEFOJ.S9Sr CPNVICTS. -AND
.¦ : -;-THE fcHIEF.OK-A'POSSE.' V . •: • : - .".-'I v' : i : '" ' ; "t : ' : :." ' :.':*;¦'¦> ¦•;:•.--.:•:¦: •"•' :
VIENNA,' J«ly.5l;- : Thje 'Sup'reme .Cburt'
by a judgment given. to-day decided th^t
marriages between .Chrjstiaris- and. per;-.
eons of no particular ".-creed ' are^.lrivalfd
in Austria.. : ¦.•.•'- -.-' * \' [•'¦'¦'''. .:-.*.-¦•:
Must Have a .Creed, '.to. Marry.'
FUNDS OF UNION
FOR DYNAMITERS
¦¦ '¦¦ 'NEW j-YORk^uiy: Sl.i-^rpnV San ;Fran^
'.cisco^-J: I^vy, .at. Vtie-^Herald 'Square;.- G,'
/k.' Clayton^ahd : Kell6gg,-at^the' yid^
•.torljair .M. : p*± '.Hlrschiijan,-: at-. the.' Sayo'y.
JYpm : ;i>p's"'Ang«le's-T4MrE. • H; ;-'."ybjin;gwor'tlii"^
¦at! thie -Herald :S"qua'rer-.P.''&.l'B.afTnOf.e,'''.'ai :
land;. rj".ront San' Jps'e^P:; Hcirf ey;-,at the)
'llanhatjtan"; OFTrpin 'San ¦.piega-fD;^ 'C.^ Col'-:
"lifer Jr... at: the' HeraW^Sdiiare.''-" ' : ' :£< '
Calif drniaris^ ik New York;
. W: t W. Alverson,". ?fed L.-Stewart,.'Al
fred A. Enqulst, Mrs. ..Ceda'd'eZaldO'ahd
Mies Edna.T. Keating-. ¦Stewart; succeeds'
W. B® Harding,- deceased/ -.The bther iout
are original eppointmeists.- :.; : .'/ - ../• .;•
sacrament©;- July 3i. r j Gpvernor ; Par.
dee to-day appointed, the ,/follqVlng • xiv
.'tai;ies pubUc for 'the ,dty'. and;. county 'of
San Francisco-: . '." .-. ; ;.--.. ¦'..*. ¦':>:¦ : - :.-.'.• '[
* c . Governor -Appoints Notaries, i
WATSONVILLE. July 31.— G. Zola wa« s«»
liously injured In t runaway accident this
Afternoon. Ilia wagon collided with a building,
throwing him to the ground with such fore*
that he sustained injuries thought' to be fatal.
"The others said they .would- not' stand,
for that and they had better get 'into the'
wppds. Theft we all left the rpad and gpt»
intp' the hills. .Th'ey kept us. in the* hills :
fpr a lpng time. One pf the cpnvicts. the
pne tfi'ey call 'ScPtty,' wanted to let all of
the free raeng'o, but: the others said they
had better keep usia while longer.
"Some time between* 10 * and j 11 p'clock.'
at night they let u^;go." I asked the (fbn
victs which way' they wajited *to, let us
gin and they. 6aid for us Jto do as we
pleased abput that. We. struck put arid»
the cpnvicts at pnee went in . the direc
tion, of Unlontown bridge. 'We free men
went away, but it was night and we could
not tell where we were,. so we lay, down
and rested until daybreak, when we com
menced: to take ;?ur bearings. After; we
had walked a while I* saw three men
with* rifles quite a distance, a way. and' ; I
called to them. One of them asked me If
I was Jpe Fpster and I said I was. Later
he prpvedltP be h. friend pf mine. Then
we all got home.. One' of ' the . convicts
gave me $1 50, telling me. I would need 'it
to buy food with." - :
] "The negro, Seavis, grabbed me by the
collar and placed me in 'front of him. lie
called on all the free men who were lying
down to get up. H« said to the other con
victs: "Let' 3 put the free men in front
of us and shppt back at thpse fellpws.'
PBISONERS IN HILLS.
"When we were passing the schoolhouse
I heard a gun go off, and the convict who
was bossing things said to me, 'Throw the
buckskin into that team and go like hell.'
About 150 feet from the schpplhpuse the
ppsse began ehpptlng at us, and ypu knpw
all abput that. The. rpad at this pplnt
runs between two embankments and the
posses were on both sides of us. When
the shooting began some of the convicts
jumped out and. ran back , of the wagon
and some 'laid flat in the bottom of it.
The posses shot some pf the hprses, and
when one of them fell dead I got pff
the wagon seat.
¦ '"': ''Bef.ore: 'w'e ¦g.oi :t'p.'Pilt)t .ttin.tripv'riegro;
Seavis.'.sald. they wpyld h'ave jdi.g'et. s'p"n>p-'
ea't,. : pretty.Boon.";.Aye came "to" ."-a
House.' ,but r nobody' .was " h'pme, and " after
taking "a drink -of" -water we" drove' on
again. When we got to Diehl's place we
all got something to'eat and the -convicts
helped themselves .to -previsions. We
drove a short distance and waited for the
Auburn stage. The convicts asked the
stage driver if he had seen any of the pf
ncers on the road and he said he had
npt.
";, "Nea;riy;. ail of. • got put; and:
-to. .the top; of thelii.ill:;.. We/ pas's<>d -avhpuse
dri. . ; th.e'.'rpadVand.'.t.he .cphylc,ts;-wahteidVto
¦S'ur in: there .aad'-yet : sPmet>ilng,'td'eat.' : : I;
knew..my'wifeVand>llttle.giri:;.w*re- stop:"
ping': therey tot -theyVhad gpric there 'that
jnprhin'g.-;.Vjifty tTlfi.nl. [ th"a"t.:rny; wl'f 0; and;
girl- w.^re there : . ahd^^ dsked Jthem ;,not ; .to
: Btpp; ' $ayi'n g : my. f olkri^.^vould be if right eried
;lo.-'death ; toy^eev.nre ";,iii\ 8uch;,'4 ijx: : Tlie
conyiit^whp -sat pn : t.he. ;seat.-aiidvs'efem'ed i
ip'."be "/ .the" bbss .'-nf "..tne--. crowd-. •¦sai.d-^tHat
wajs^aij- rigUt ;%iid ¦'• we : : kept ' qn going.' . .'• * -
:f •'••.¦• ?t/sEky is; <; ti/LJs- mjjNQBX.. : f ' : f-
S •;'>Wheri; : we- ; gbt; .to ; the -fopt . of -., Qri^yje^
w6^yi^lir.i.-saW:-^B^Si:-ypu^i^
T^JBV*Oti.t/jS^ : i 1 .^lfc : .OJr this; foana^ won! t 4
hoid\put:' ; v. -'{ ¦¦' ./;/¦ .y ¦¦>' '.':} : '- : ¦ ¦¦ >> : v.'i. ;: - ¦¦ ;,*.';•
v ;«/J was- going V in ••' the^-direction; pf^Nig-,
ger:Mi\\"-: *&i(l ..Foster,. % '/and? when jrlear
there i;sa^w. a:lar ; ge..number/o£ men
ing a;t'th.e vl xpadside. ;;^^.One.:man''.cinie ;put :
:of • the rcrowd and. tpid ; nje he cwanted; my;.
iiBa^l^M!i^ wi0 V 1 d 6?-y?:;to turn'.arpund. ; i;
Ipld hirn.. ii£!&Bit$ppi^i&"i t t®i t^ r . n ! '•*&?
wagobarpundi.; Thei thenT toldniei
w'agp'n ip'aded' with.wood.^'.TWafwagon/be-
longed;'to .Dan : -S.clilottman -and -hfe • jvas
¦.taken'.aipng .•¦.. wlth.".us.-i : . The : ..'cpnvict' wljo
was ordering. nj6;arpund.the^
f ree ;mV.n". throw oft. the ; wood. ; tfils.
was -done i' was -tbld*^
' jT™ iQLSOM; 'July ,31;-^Jo'sieph' Fosteri- the
\ I" 'farmer, who^ef team, was .'captured
I , ..'by the "cpnyi.cts last Monday; night
' ''./ and./who.i.viras t impressed*."' intp's.eri.,
vice; as- driver; -arrived/ at .the -nrisbri' this
inbrningv^ .Toithe'joffl'crals^here.'h.e' narrated
spine -events : in. •which lie -and' thecaptui-ed
pincers, and] free .men took. partV-<V;'^/ : '
ATfHENS,' July Cl.^The'recentiy;.fitarted
movement for the Tension" -of •the -Greek
constitution, is securing qiany' • vadHerents
of* all classes.' -Th.e 'rje^sionisti-socieiCies
have sent a "manifesto toh.the ¦eiect.or's
throughout the 'country/in tlie:forin- of a
petition" to -the'. King., TnisV-.dpcumen't/
which" is bdng exteds|v!ely . signed^ ".gives
a somber- picture " "of ."the internal 1 ; condi
tions of Greece, characterizes th.e '.pbU.ti
cal parties as'iniQulto'us^- urges" a number.
cf •necessary.'.refqrmS and declares- -that a-
Teylsioh at .the -constitution^^'is. fndispens
able to.the weil-"belng of the : country ."- ; - "'¦
• Greek Constitution Ee'vi'sioh;
t SANTA-C^I^X^?u.lr;31^ppuble-:track--
ing of t^».ced^t;jllne '^jttialiS»u^eT)a'*.^ig-;
r^iflc Co'nipaiiy'.fcaS ; '^eachid; "this '¦; .plieei
Rails'are lild .norjCii.-aridL soutH.^ pt the'sta- •¦
, into-y. the-. ; locaJi. depot * lias'. b.eeh;
'fc-awed into 'tnree-. sections' l&t^ removal
eighteen feet; westi -to .maie. -tooni fb'r'the
double tracks.'. /The. :San..' : Jfase.--.f'rjeigh"t
j-ards are tiow ¦ continuous. to Santa Clara.'.
JVith the «'xceptiort of tli.e'space. at .the 'de-'
pot and a- bridge, th'r'ee^uarters 'qt' &vt&\e
•north of Santa Clara; "the '.road.- is- readV
for trains. One, ljundr.ed t .ih<}.' iifty. -men-'
are rushing the' work to: completion/ '-:;¦/. '
Large Gang' of Men is-RusHlng Work
' '"•'.•. : * ; oi Cpast.Xine^^at::San'Ui;.".'^ •'¦.=.•
"-. it vT;L : -". ; ; '•'•Clanu- '; : ;;:V';.'' .vV O:- -j'
IWUBLE TKA<XnSTG;:;2!fEASS^>- ':
• r -OOMPLETiQlT !JO
•'¦Captaih, "Ai". li. " Paysph'.and. Chief •'.- Enf
gi.neer. Storey. : of '• the -.Santa." Fe . rpfid. re
turped.'fron} £ureka-.pn 'yesterday'B steam-'
er.K The"^; -.wentjiorth. a. wee.k ago y"ester>
"day,-. trayelih.g as 'far. as -WiHUs. by. train'
-and then ; Jour neyihg. the- balance of the
¦way by jt^ams" along; tl\e/ west; baiilt of : . the
South iFpcky of ; the ;^EelvRivert' inspecyng
the •. proposed .;: route ¦ of:, the; :Pew' line ; to.:
iEvireka:.- .-¦'• ..'••'¦."."' '- : '. > ¦/-¦' : ?'/- [¦:'.': - : .r : '¦¦:.': '.' ''.
.^G^prg.e.Lederle. of the; contracting;- firm
.of r ;Christie ' & : X«P w- *f; •Chicago V is.' at"- tire
..Pa!ade/.h'aVing.'.-jus(.t?'turn^d*'lrpm-'Man'lla,"
w.here- Be bid- for ¦¦tfce"'worjc- on.. the. jetties'
planned • there T»y:lhe' Government/.' -:-¦:.
. Miss; Katherine -.'Bla'cki- ; - : . Supervisor i-'-oi
.music, in th6 ! public^ s.chpojsi ieayea . for
• Manila- ':t'o".-3ay : on- -a. '.year's ;*l«iav'e" 'ot'-^ib
serice: She .'goes to lyisit. her ' brother and
Bister, J'the\- 'first pa.m.ed--b%i-r!gfin.-'theGo\>
;erriment. service " and-; the other ..a;'' t eacHer
jh.-the.sdljocils-bf rthe; islands. '. - ...:V... - : •'
. Elm'a.'- C" -Mennen,' i: wjeilthy mainafgtc
turer" of- New York, is" at. Hie: Palace." '.' '
r .Arthuif >e. • Brownlee^ of;. New' York, a.
mining- Expert, representing JlUlioiiai|-e -F.-
A.-Heinz"e of • the .United-CQpper .Company,
.arrived -Ihere. -yesterday '.on his way. '.to '.the
northern part of the'State. to- examine, a
•copper property.-. ¦• .-,'/-. : ;¦ : V :\r"' :-':.,'•
. : ..George ; Av'Parkyhs : ,'_;: r.epresehtin^ ¦ >': the
•freight" and" 'paBsfenger.^^ ihttreJsii ! of "'th«.
Southern ; Pacific. .Cpmpan'y ;in^ /-Los. ;-Ahr
•geles, :afriv-ed -froiri': the'; 'sau;th. : .!yesteFday!
"and is-at.'the-Parace; ¦'-/:- i-\ :'¦.'• '.•"¦•'.'...;.. ;, : i>
. • Dr. "Dw Ar 'Hiilei:- of J the 'Koinedpathlc
Pblyclinic :has^ returned 'jo'-the^ city.' -afjer; a
Short 1 butmg'. at :j$hasta; Spring's.."' 1 ¦ ;¦'=.
• •¦ Hert-ey -. Lihdley.;.. the' well" Tcn'owii ;inm>
berian .aiid '• politician: .or ' Klamath-tort,
is;- at the P.ah\ce. ?.\-'. ¦''/'¦¦¦¦¦¦" ¦'•$':¦ :•";.-' i'U-'> -/.-.
v-i>r. ; ivi .'jHughs': of lips Angeles .is at- tlte'
Grand:.:? ~;/ : \r,-'i-l --.--••* ;-.-"S;':v.--v-- : I- ; ; r^"'.-]v\: 0
SRz&B^tnzi.&rirtriihg^matfoi Chicago,'
Is;a:t'the.: Palace.;./ 'r'j:i->\^:'; .'¦¦..• ".<¦ r : :r> ':'.:'''
..". J. ; J,: pailey, : .'a mining ' man".pf' .Trinity •
Ccahty;,is- 'a^ ..the' Qranil ',; •Vf.^'-T -"'^'V
Bank- Commissioner, Ms^egistered^at'thV
Palace: :* ¦<:¦•; 'j:p- :^- : ... : '..¦Yir'.-'^^S
PE^@NAl ;^£iNfTiQNv
Merrithew appeared- .later !ahd . sought •
his cc'mpanibn'.' • --He '•declared- •that;" ; the .
weapon ¦ was discharged' Accidentally.,, but
Mitchell -declares, -that.^h"isvf.prmer' ; friend'
.shot him intentionally.- ,Merr"ithew is. very:
cover. .'•'••¦•.•". •-***-'-¦¦. Zt'^'i-i "'•••.¦'•: '¦'¦ ¦';¦:' : :-\:'..
SANTA ROSA. J.uYy.ol.— While .walking
along the' county* road' at dusk last night
two boys who -reside at "Vacavtlle becajfie
involved in an -"£-hlch culmi
nated in Anns iierritbtw shooting James
Mitchell in the groin with ar paVlor rifle.
The injured- lad' sank -to--" ttoe • road ..a'nd
ecreamed with T>ain. - Merrlttievc •broke" the
gun with whlch'.^the shooting -was done
and ran away, leaving his erstwhile corn*
panion alor.e. '/•• *»>"••"•* ; ,.'*¦.*•¦_
The Ehootlng took^ place ..in "Green Vftl-'
ley, between Molirro crossroads and ; th'«
Methodist cainpmeeting gTouhds.*. "^Ehfs is :
about miles* ."distant from* Sebaatjv-*
pol. # Wnilher "the"* lads' were/, going from";
thejr camp in. the vicinity .of.-the. aljrky:; A";
wagon s oon pa'me * a-long • arid * the . driver:,
took f the injured 'lad to SebastppoL? *Tfre.
wound was.-probe.dl butl-thfe buH.eC could;;
not be located:, 'Thd -injury-. is Vegarded- as:
'Serious. . • ' .-"••• >*v- " = ¦¦¦'; '">.- . .V\>:V..''J
Special Despatch, to The^'Call. '•¦ ."
"WOODLAXD. July 31. — Detective
Thacker; Driver John Williams, who
drove the' Bartlett Springs stage when it '
was robbed recently, and Sheriff Wilson
of Suiter County are in this city. The
first 'hanied has been here two days.
The men have declined to talk about
'the purpose --of their visit, but it is evi
dent -they '-are rndTi-shunting' and the rob
b'er 'of, the -..ESaf.tlett. Springs stage is the
.quarry'." P'y bits -of Jnformation'p.icked up'
froni'-'dlfferenf.soiirces it is- ascertained
Xhtit .a -party: with Constable barker .will
Meave'to-jilght .for; a-; three, or (our days'
t~rip.\";Thetr-:d'f.stina*ion-.is. unknown. \ . '•'
f-~Jx n is..n?p^orte'd'-j.hat.same*nien > who sp'end
¦jmuch'-.ai' -their/ time in.Yblt* County are"
•.s.us.p'ected' ot :; 'Sta"ge'.r!obb.ery* find .that the '
-rnissi.Dh;-of ""¦ the.\oft} cers here .is » to -mv.esti
'gateVinHh'ls.' $rectiofr.; :*The 'fact\qf the"-
;rnost\lntimately *ac- •
quaiiited'with'vthfe'de.tairs.of' the .h<5.1&-up:
tend!?'- to 'substantiate" .that -theory. Driver
/tV'i/jiaiiiV.taiked; wi.th- the-'man who 1 , heft '
yp. tHe -.stage : this-.su'nim'e'ri arid 'tlifhksVhe"
can rec<)grnfze.-fiis. voice,- th'ough .unable "to".
recognize.. hiV features:/. --' •': -•/¦'• "¦•'•)¦ f.K&i
Sheriff, Detective and Driver
.;•*' Plan a Search in
':;¦. • :. Yolo.
Stories of Acc.id^nt/.arid*-I)e
sigii Ar^;.; Told /at. :;
£ SebastppoJ.'. 5 .'..,: 7* •
Bartlett Springs Road
.'.'Agent Soon May Be
•••".•• Captured. *
Youngs ters< Ha ve.^vbis*
pute* and X)rie;:;ls- '. •
BadlyVHuYi;' '•¦;-¦: • /
SHOOTING ENDS
BOYS' QUARREL
OFFICERS HUNT
A STAGE BANDIT
f HE SAF FKA^CISGO GALL; SATURDAY, AUGUST 1, 1903.
Joseph Foster, Whose Wagon Was Appropriated by
the Escaping Convicts, Arrives at Fplsbm and Gives
in Greater v Detail the Story of His Experience
FARMER TELLS THE PRISON OFFICIALS
HOW BULLETS SANG NEAR PILOT HILL
5
ApVEBTISEMENTS.
Keep Your Insides Cool
rf^^jS^fe&tk^ Here's a man who thinks he has heart dis-
S f$^r^ ease, and is scared half to death. His face
ELJbG^ *__-3 * s a^ rawn out °f shape from fear and
#«*— B»//^'^^^3 agony. Every time he eats, his heart "pal-
\X^3B&b >$S§&£Cstf?l P' tates " —^at simply means that his stom-
V^^Mf $J*?fH&& ac^ ls swe^ ec^ U P w ' t^ gases from fer-'
yw^ tiy& menting undigested food, and his heart
VjHPfe^y^ n^» thumps against his diaphragm. Nothing
W l^dfflP C m atter with his heart In the summer
N^ l/J^H time, this gas distention is much worse, his
5^r wrl ole body and blood get over-heated, and
_^fj(^flhfr5-ffi^nffp his heart and lungs get so crowded for
iL^Trt^Bg^ ' room » that he gasps for breath. There he
\^ s>-^^^m[ ' s » *°°k at him ! Every minute he ex-
W^L^^^^^^ pects to drop dead. As a matter of
¦ 4r-v«« - X^Kjf fact, all he needs is to stop that souring
T^^^fcrfiii A^ and gas forming in his stomach and
iS^,*" ** ¦" bowels, help his digestion along, and
I '^fcai«^»>^V_^J|keep cool inside. You all know that
. .t whenever something rots or decays,
eat c j eve j O p 3> Same in the body.
uP^Sr . Keep cool inside ! Take a candy ca-
fy , . thartic CASCARET every night at
bed-time.- It will -Work while you- sleep, clean up and cool your
insides, give you a regular, comfortable movement in the morning,
and you'll be feeling fine all day every day. Heart Disease ! Fudge !
: '^5SC^ :-_;_•_ 4 _ Best for the Bowel*. . All drunfets, ioc. «se, joe. Nev*r Mid fat Mflk.
f CLULC4aJ4JCa£j The genuine tablet stamped CCC. Guaranteed to cure or your mousy
ig^JgSaKiy^gg back. Sample and booklet free. Address
___^ Sterliaj Remedy Ce., Chicaja or New V«*
: - V ./"' ADVERTISEMENTS. '•' • ; '• '.;.*
Badly Swollen^p'6uld:- :
Scarcely WalKlJv;;
Smoked to -Excess^-:*
Heart -. Af fectea^ ;"'-^
Dr. Miles* Heart Cure anii
Nervine Cured Me. '."
1
"I send you ray testimonial hoping it will
isfiuence someone to use your remedies for '
the relief and cure of the diseases for which
they are recommended. I am constantly
recommending them' in this locality— often
indirectly to strangers. The worst case of
nervous prostration I ever saw or rather
heard of was that of a young man, a stranger
who sent me word thanking me for the ln-
?jrmation and stating that to his ctrtain
knowledge, Dr. Miles' Nervine and Heart
Cure had saved his life. As to my own case
I was afflicted with heart trouble and nerv-
ousness due to the excessive use of tobacco
which I had used from boyhood. A man
whom your medicine »ad cured of tobacco
heart met me on the street in Bakersfield one
cay when my feet were so badly swollen I
could scarcely walk and I was suffering con-
stantly from smothering spells, choking sen-
tation, pain and oppression around the heart.
He told me to use Dr. Miles* Heart Cure and
Nervine. I bought three bottles of each and
when they were gone the aggravating
•vmptbms had disappeared, but to make a
sia-e thing cf it I bought two more bottles
of Nervine and am today perfectly- welL I
have used the Dr. Miles Anti-Pain Pills and
consider all cf Dr. Miles' medicines the very
Lest of household remedies and wish^that
every sufferer might leam of fheir value. —J.
M. Dutv, Custodian High School Bldg,
Bakersfield, CaL
All draughts sell and guaran*<^ first bot-
tle Dr. Miies' Remedies. Send for free book
on Nervous and Heart Dif.er-.j-t-. Address
Dr. Miles' Medical Co, Elkhart, Ind.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mallei
en Application.
rEESH AJStB EA.I.T MEATS.
US RAVF < R fft Zapping Butcher*. 104
JA?. DUICJ g VV. day. Tel. Main 129*.
oxxa.
1-LBRICATING OILS. LEONARD & ELLIS.
418 Front at. S. P. Phone Main 1710.
r&urrzno. ¦
LfvHHfiHFN PRINTER.
U x UllUUCd, til Stneotn* »U. S. F.Our health officials, are makiiitg frequent discov
eries that much of the milk sold in. this city is no
toriously below the standard of purity. It is en
couraging to know I that even on^ce in a while we re
ceive a warning on a matter thatMntimately concerns
our health/ When public servants „ are asleep, we
must take our chances.
SLUGS— Subscriber w Alameda, Cal. Flf
ty-dolla*r • pieces or "slugs" were never
coined in the United States mints. Such,
octagonal and-round, were 1 coined in the
private "i.mint. of /Augustus Humbert in
1851 and* 1S52. when there was-a scarcity
of coin, but plenty of gold dust. It was
an accommodation coin. Suchicoins were
also issued from assay 1 oflfice of K«M
lcgg & Co. These two and other private
mints prior to the establishment of the
San Francisco, Branch Mint in 1S54 coined
rrtuch of ¦ the ; gold coin tfiat '. was ' circulat-'
ed ' in' California.- After f the ; mint ..was
opened these "coins went out of circulation
and are , held now only as numismatic
The Mackay cable is at last open for commercial
purposes and Asia and America are connected by
electric bonds. With an air almost of. complete un
concern the twentieh century " accepts" this modern
miracle. So marvelous "is the progress of the world
that; the impossible is suggested one day, overcome
the" next,-. and on the third passes into the- category
of the commonplace. ''
A colonel in the . United States army, department
of Texas, recently refused $2oo k and a box : of cigaff*
offercd to him as a bribe by a contractor. The officer
ttnt the contraBand t6 Washington and an "expose
followed. It is such ' actions as this deserve
prominence, comment and commendation and which
show that all of Uncle Sam's soldiefs are not tarred
with the* same brush. ? ' •
'JCOMETS-~C.aU. *: City.':"'- 'The
r .Br#aty.c^met : :of^lS61r; : 'was; : L^lsco^
¦ AUgu sti : i$73;'^-*tnd ¦'. between^ [ thatj yea r. and
1S76 seVer^; smaller' ones ; were discovered.
Th'ere was^a -very; large ¦ 'cqroetcin * Septemr
ber,-18S2. , ( lt-iwa*?l'.so :briiliint;fdurlngi;a:
part of the'time of ltsappearancethat it
could be - discerned in bright sunlight.
There were comets during 1881. Six were
seen during that year*, two of which were
'for a time visible to the naked eye. , Four
were discovered in 1882,. the third of which
was the brilliant one mentioned.
. A;Sissons ;wi7e-beater.*riarlcbwly escaped: lynching
the : otherday and disapppintment reigni in, Nprthern
;^'f9. ir .!™» a :.->:rli"' .iiysurprising ahdi/encouraging^with
what " wionHerful facility people of the , State i can • ac
:cept,*ne;remedy :for:ah
to :' thern... v.The lynching-bee of . Si*ssonf: is:
another" argument '.; for i;tH^re^vaj^prthat^ient'and
respected institution, the whipping-post. *
.southsan; francisco-p. p./cily.'
That:' g portion;- °pf i the"-' city.', and ':¦- county
south'fof ; the- l|ne':'pf . Is'lats. Creek, : .jn«5ar
Butchertowoi'dowTi; as'7ar {as the -county
line, and' cast Of; the Mission- district, is
called South;San : 'Franclsco. ;Bay".\*lew:i3
the . ifafne V given : to/a ,'-•! e'ctlonVof - that t« j>"
Sah Francisco'^ ff -.ypilV^ft ".not. trespass* on
private '.pc opejrty;;;^ ' .*v. ; ;- '.\\ •/ : '.\- ;.¦ 'y.-\\?. ¦;" »]
: ¥^^VVE^th^iarmef« of.;^nsa8;ahd;Nebraska
* Hs "-li*_ia*i •- *cJbVr."amateur«- iiarrvesters'.whptii 'the) p'fof use
•.-*^ff..East • hasjpdured [Vp'iit r yipon[-ihcm;'irom]'.iiy:iicr
col!egc'$}U!^
beiaTrelaUon'.-n^ young'
loVcri- thf own ;": together at a -summer .Vresort where.
tli'ey;'canhbt) get: nd^of.pne : another ;• f or ';a ; sirigle^day.
not ."even;- '{pr^hkU -a i^ay. V .When : firsts t^
tOok-tb-tWifiei^s^
"ao'4;:a -joyous;; time) o^
putXtK^KarVcst-; items alohg;-wUh'' their society- gds
'MpVand;ahnounced^
afldiMr.hBascball of .Harvard; would; sum rrier.ih- the
.wHeat ; fieldf^jn.^much;'the,-sa^
rhave^annpuncyd • engagement: and prospective
ibrldai;* tpur-pf 'Europe. It was. not long, : however,
before there came reports of discontents, misappre
hensions, fallings out and other mishaps, thus prov
ing that for amateurs the' course of harvesting like
that of true love. never did run smooth.
Shortly .after the -first midsummer quarrel came a
scornful report that an Eastern college man could
not do a* much work in a wheat field as an ordinary
Kansas girl. The report, however, came from a
farmer and not from the girl.- Under the circum
stances it is perhaps permissible to suppose that! the
college men.' either deemed it impolite to outstrip
the girl and pass ahead of her ih her own fields or
else that they were so absorbed in watching her that
they forgot to work. In any event the report was
followed, not by an. announcement' that all collegians
had. been sent home, but by! a statement Pf a general
demand for more of them.- Evidently the first storm
• ••; 'Much ' : .has ; -:beeri- said and l^wHttehrp^^the;- recent
friendly:ivisit;pf//Presiderit; : ;Lpi^
in:refcren^
both. nations. , ;-It?is : perhapV;impbssible
;the;:gopd which follows these= # 6utspoken, tokens "of
|r|^"^sV .between :the;represehtatiycs ; and expofi
entsof great peoples . and^ vast civilirftibn^V/They ; act
as examples of. good ywill Tand ;6f -good- fellowship to
the*. world; • : - '•'¦ '¦'< * ; ; 7: /- ; \.*'v" : y. '•.:¦¦'-' : - "','• - ; -•.:.¦?¦¦¦¦
AMATEUR^ HARVESTERS ;
-. DRA*W.ING-^Av\Daily ; Reader; VF*fesnp;:
Cal. ;'-/:-If; this ¦c6rrespondent- : wiH,:send -a
'i-elf-addrese^l .; and : stamped •;. (Bnveiope: for
answer, "this > department wtll' Bend- the".a'dr
dress of a 'drawing schoo!;'bUt it! will riot"
advertise;, any private^ institution; "nor cairi'
it -answer -by.srtall." 'a' '.cpmmunfcattdn.'tp
•which ;:the '"wrlter: ; .ls; ! afra1d -.'to. ..sign ;hlai.
iname." '•'•';•'¦ •:¦-"/'.-¦''" ¦ ""i'Vl'. 1 .;' ' : ; ' s - ; '»^:^.
• f?6PUI^ATI0N-0lurz., . Afameda, . Cal.
No -census' of Alameda". and : none of
Berkeley, 13,214;, It is' estimated: that lat
190j».' . That: shows: • Alameda,'-18,'464, -arid
Berkeley, 13, .214.; It is estimated; that ; at
this time the 'population' 'of : .'^lam'eda; is
about 10 per. cent: greater than .then? and
that of "Berkeley'' from- 23 itoi 40. per, cent.'".
. Our police are rounding, up the suspicious and dan
gerous characters lodged " : in the city and. are -he
roically undertaking, a general' civic; house-cleaning
preparatory to' the comingiof the Grand Arrrty of the
Republic* Such a r street "¦'deaning^is unquestionably
the best we an^^)ce^pi^e^\d^i^M^l^o:mvLii
not betaskeid'tp. t "^ept'p.uV,.hqspIfality. and then '; be.
made to'; pay.-.the'- penalty.- of : ?.beingVpreyed upon • ; by,
thieves. ¦"'.;•'•¦.¦"„.'*'.'; • ;- '•]• .v 1 /. - Z'Vd't i* ••.¦f ' ¦'''¦ : ;'--V".'-?.'i J :
CHAMPIONSHIP HONORS^G., City.
Whether, it Is. called' a draw, when a cham
pion/ fights, with .'an. aspirant* for cham
pjon'honors' and -fails to -knock .him put
depends- upon "conditions and -'upon the
decision -. of the* referee. The same an
swjef;irthe'afilplrant outpoints the cham.
piorr...-.; '.-...* ..-•".. • '
.* EXPERT '.HORSEMEN V ' Subscriber;
City. "-There" has been, so much improve
'ment. 'all over, the* -world "in, the past hal/
fce'ntury , In* ' Horsemanship that ft 'Is an
open*. question -wljo -are the # most* expert
horBetnen x -4n. the ' Korld. % *Edch nation
clainis* the most* experf. *
• QU^tpTA-TJONs-rHelena;- -Alami?da r Cal.
It. w.a9'jEIpltIustoh'*'Wh'6. wrote*.
Witiiout a'geniua leaVning »«oar9'*in v/tin,
.'And.Without.learning jrenius- "sink-* again ;
T.beif.t forces!- united crown the- sprightly
' *'• reign-' ¦" *•"¦. *'• '••- * * *'. • •" •" .
. Newton Parley Is Back.
. Newton S. Farley. Deputy Collector of
Customs for 'the First Division, has re
'turned from his annual vacation in .the
mountains of Placer County. Th© game
laws and an unsteady nerve were the
only things that Interfered with ills* sucr
r ess as a hunter. ->\
Look out for 81 Fourth '(front of barber. ;
grocer); best eyeglases, specs, 15c to 50c. • *
Townsend's California glace fruits and
canllles, 50c a pound. In artistic fife
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends, 715 Market st.. above Call bldg, •
Child Killed by a Truck. *
" TACOMA, -Wash., July 3L — Willard
Samuels, a" boy of 5 years, was killed un
der a- truck loaded, with pig iron to-day,
and Fay Bennet, 'aged;7. was badly In
jured. Ihe wagon had been -left standing
on .the street and a group .• of children
were pfayirig around' it. when the brake
became loosened and" the wagon started
down an incline,. running ove.r the' boys in'
its. course. • • • ' . . . •
(Special information supplied dally to
business^ nouses and public men by the
(¦Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Call-
J f ornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •
¦JPREyiOyS ...RES.IDEN.CE— E. . W/-
W.v.iCity.''- "A '.person' cqmln{-;* to California
:w"th;the* l^terftfcm'-iDf comraericlnSr an ac
tion- ».f or ;. a ; ;dlvor.ce must /reside in' the
State\,fpr : . a-"'pertpd 'of; six months before
.commenpihg such an action. * '• '". *••"-"
• Miscellaneous Computer Wanted.
The tJnlted States Civil Service Com
mission announces * an examination -.on
September 2 and 3 for miscellaneous com
puter. United States Naval Obseryatory.
Age limit. 20 years or over. Apply to th«
United States Civil Service Commission,
Washington, D. C, or to the secretary
of the Consolidated Board of Examiners,
301 Jackson street, for application . form
1312, which should be filed with the com
mission at Washington. SEJfl *" ~ '
tldn:6f "M|*ei5ah;-a ; word .frequently. . eh
{traved' ! on .rings*/, is. to* be' found in * th«3
Bibie, ; Genesis;, chapter. 3-1,.: verse. 49. '•"
* •BA'SESALI^Old Subscriber, City.- :Cut
.te*r£th«*i baset)-il.lff«.t,-.dld- -pitch, for the Sac
r.arn*ento-Baseball .'Club.* during .the fast,
season:? '-.' '."-.!" .' •;¦•. .- , ' . .'¦•.'*, "• . •¦* • •"¦'
ANSWERS. ;.TQV:Ql{ERIES.
August. September, October and Jfovember
' are really the- enjoyable months to spend In
•the country, and In no place Is this more so
than along the California Northwestern Kail
way.
It U a tltnw when the crops on* after an
other are ripening-, from the fruits to grape*
and hors. Nature is maturing and the cli
matic conditions are in unison.
During this- time the fish are mor<» readily
caught and they are plentiful. Trout in th«v
stream-* and trout and bass in the* river* "and
lakes. ; * *•
The game has be«n well protected through
out this section and deer are easily fo-ond. In*
Mar in County the open season for deer is from
July 15 ta September 13; In Sonoma County, .
until September 1, and in IJendocino and Lake>
counties until October 1.- The dove season
Is open from July 15 to February 13.
Many catches of .fish are being dally made,
and the hunter witn the deer on his shoulder*
come* In every evening tired and hungry, but
i'roud.' • • •
TJils.whoI« country Is a Mecca for the sports-
man. If he has not selected a location wher»
*he can board during his hunt the sam# will
loe readily found In -Vacation 19O3." issued by
the California Northwestern -Railway. •
WITHIN a\ s.hoirt : - tiihe the'; membejs/ of. Pur
poiSS^ij^i^^^^-Jt^{C^UA)^pQn id :
attend .the p^b^m^-^^^?4*^e|^^*-:^
conventions ¦ to, ; npminat"e;- candidates/for; municipatl:"
and county ofiicesJ'- J^\£0^p".}^xj^^r^^w^''gjo:
tlie conventions' and-ihe- lipminees.-pf eacB.;parjty. "for;
the various t^t^'^^'J^^'^j'^'^lot^, of • t^ie
more important., among- '-. them;, -"will^ ;"Tepresenf-.'the ;
forces that were.dominan't'ih" the; party•prjmai'ie's..-^It
is therefore tim^tpf.^^^tii^f^i^w^tua^i party,
for the general nia.s s- of " those.. .who' 1 ' are. :! kn'6\y n -as..
"good citizens," to decide .whether, they will attend
the primaries . and elect 'delegates" tp.' represent *:them, :
or whether they \i*iir negiectvtnat political': duty* and
so permit their . party-. cphveritibn'.tp- fall easily- under' i
the control Qf. those. • pr.ofessioriaK pPljticiansVtiie
bosses and their henchmen!-, "y'-} •;;';•:• \-i : . '¦.- •¦„¦,•'
Ever>* intelligent American • knows .that -the" fopn"-'
tain head of the • stream, of 'out -'political •. activity .;is.
the primary. . If that be. impure':it- will be\ hard. to
find good clean politk.s anywhere; in .the campaign, '.to
follow. On the other .hand' if the primaries "be -carried •
by the rank
thene is a strong .probability.-. th?t -'the.: par-ty, cpnven-.
lion will be comppsed;.of delegates- wjip;will. seek ..to '
nominate a ticket ywprthy of "the.suppcirtnbi. only.of
their own party, but of -independent voters, because
it will be composed of rneh . fitted -for. 'the .offices' tb.
which they are nt3-mina.fed / arid; meriting .the. coring
e'ence of the ; r fellow. citizens* : ;.. ; r ••' ¦;' 1 ¦.*,•'• '•''• •
All Americans know^that familiar- Iruth. and,- yet
there are large numbers of-vofefs" whom if is difficult
to get to attend the •primaries-'-and take their* full share
of the responsibility of. electing-' right -men .'to :their-.
i;arty conventions. It. is .acuripus illustratfon of the.
"contrariness" of humarr nature- that the "citizens who=
sre most neglectful" of this, important part of their
civic duties are those ivho would profit most by good
government' and have rrioft to lose by- bad gm-ernr
ment whether it result from incompetency or'ras
cality. It is the taxpayer who "has to. make up the
loss when public money is wasted; it is. 'the taxpayer
who complains loudest and most frequently of official
neglect or incompetency; and yet. it is the taxpayer
who is most likely to stay away" (ro'm the primaries
and make no effort whatever to provide for the nom
ination and the election' of honest .and competent
:ncn to administer municipal affairs. ..*
In his 0 address at the State University, President
Roosevelt in speaking of the duties of educated meu
to their city; -to the" State and to the nation, said
lhat in a country where education for youth of .all
classes is provided free of cost from the primary
school to the university, the man who acccp*ts that'
education and then neglects to repay the State In
sfter years by assisting in the performance o'f public
duty really -takes his education as a charity, and: is
content to accept it as an alms bestowed. tipio'n '-him
without recompense. '':!' :'.''¦•'•. :':¦¦/.•'
That statement made a strong ' ttnpre»Sxph:\af : .th'e
time and was much discussed. No one- disputed 'the
•ccuracy of it. Under the influence au*a ten eil by the
President's visit and the cothusiasm^of /.the ?crowd
and the occasion, a good wany^raen'-doubtlessr/fe**
solved at that time that tbc'jr -vrould' 'thereafteirfj i&«
prompt and loyal in pcrfqrmiagV'al^^^
duties imnoscd upon them. "The" time !ttV^'O;W**CQnie
for putting that resolve to"jf;he.te.s£^
primaries are at han<J. " Practical pbTiticaws^e^bisstty;
engaged in arranging for ibem^H'.mdeed^tl^eyVHaye
not already completed Jbeif{*a>fangementi'j( ; an^n^
wait with their forces well organized 'for the^coming
of the contest. If any considerable percentage of the
better e'ement of either party remains away from the
primaries the convention of that party will surely be
controlled by men who' are in politics for -the spoils,
r.nd no one. will be to blame except the shirkers who
have been too much absorbed in private business
or pleasure to perform the duty of a citizen.
THEV COMING 'PRIMARIES,
.' LONDON, July 31.— The* big shipment of
specially -'packed' California fruit .'which
arrived in- England -od* the American Line
steamer" S.t. "Paul yesterday was sold at
Dovetijt -Garden here this morning. .There*
,was ajaxgecrowd present and. the compe
tition was. spirited, partly Jbscause of'the
•excellence' of the fnilf'and partly owing
to. the shortage of 'the fruit crpps in
-frratife. Great Britain and elsewhere in
.Europe.* •* .''?•_ ;¦ ¦ * •*- . . * * •* ¦--*•
Five- thousand four hundred and sey
enty-slx .cases of Bartietf and Souvenir
Ducjongers pears sold, from 10s ««d\to 13s a
case. Two thousand -nine hundred and
.forty-two cases of plums were sold for 10s
6d to 14s a case. The prices were an im
jpro'vement over* those obtained in London
heretofore. * . * .•
California Pears and Plums- Speciall
*-• " • Packed' ' Find: Strong De
*..•..••¦ • mand in London. . .
:> . -"•'• " Special DlspatcH t» TJie Call,*" • •• •
-™ ".yADLEJO,.*-July 31.—* Dr^ W. D. An
.yL /• derson, one of- Vallejols oldest
•\J; and most promln'ent physicians,
*. y djexi this i mornmg " of apoplexy
•' ' .' *a"rter- a .brlei: lllnes's. - ~*
' • "Walter Duncan Anderson was bdrn in
Jiova. Scotia in 1S40. Coming to Vallejo.ln
1S66 he had s.tnee beeh actively engaged in
the 'practice. o.f metllclne : and was one. of
.the best-known* physlclans'ln, this part of
"the -State. *' * ." •."•"..*-• '*:
•- At 'the time of "his death*- pr. "Anderson
was Health £>fflccr of "Vjtllejo!* Jie- was a
member of *Nava" 'Lodge, _F. /ind 'A. M.;
Naval Chapteir R. A. M., "and. Naval Com-
Diandery, Kirtg"ht**s .Tempjar. He also be-'
•longed tb.th.e Ancient Order of. United'
Workmen. ••¦•* * •• . •• , m ;
Ther deceased was the'brqther of Dr.
'Alexander "Anderson of Petaluma and his
four* sisters own and conduct Anderson
Springs, in Lake County". The funeral
w.tll be held under >Iasonic auspices Sun
day, afternoon. %.\'. . . .¦¦:'"
"BIO ' FBUIT. SHIPMENT .^. r
'-. '¦'. . ;.\ BRINGS GOOD "PRICES
'TV • ... • '.- • . .- . . • . • "?
•'Welli.Kridwb " : Physipian
: - 6f. ValJejo Passes' ;'
V • ., V ".••FroiYi Life-.. V ' •• •*
uP : ldNEERiPJtITSICl'A'?fOF SOLA-
.' fiXO ' COUNTY. -WHOSE DEATii.
. ''• ¦'¦ OCptrpRED YESTERDAY.. . '.• •.'
'• /!T?\ JNE^ bftjib .cufios'iti.esf of the- situation '
V " •• " |^'-?^"^- e '?^'' : -*?"*J-^'?^"V'?V''. *^ e ' -aiipparance ;' of.'.t wo -
'. '¦'. ''AJv' tr M***J'ii • j-BpjirkV.l Co,clirari' : : and "-.I . Andrew.'
Carnegie^- in .' _ the "-'t'oI e" ; : of. _*p.o]itical-. a:d\:iserV' warning:
;the.;'Britiih.: ; vpteF;, to : , be^aVe'of
.gramrhe.; ;]Bptli[ rnen.'.w
;and:^aye -become
rievcrtheiesis ;¦ they .as -": Americans ; ; i tine.: of.' them •
'has -heid . pffice : . as • an. Am'eriGah;; •andv ii ; . is... there fp r q /a»
ilittle' odd', that; they... sho^^
t get .i n t q \t h e- thick bf; a . politi c a 1 • fi gh t i ii ' ; G r ea t - B nt a i h;
over va : question
of its tariff policy. <• -:''¦'¦'':¦•"¦-.
; ;Perjiaps . we -,rnay v take' . tlie^actionV:- of . : Gbckran. (and-.-
Garhegief as. an:, yevidence;: of '."tliS 'girqwirig ; .-^AB-glp- ".
rAnrerica'n ; umiy'r::th.at;^ at)OiiB.
;and it .may.- be -i'nt(?n<l.cdVby • therri(jis; : . a •¦precedent ipi;
a- mutuai;int.ercha
jjaigns ' : -pf .[education:' ; .; If: :&uch :.be/''ilieV^sy:;t|i'e'*je;'--wilI.r
. beVa : gopxi; de-il ;of_ : eagerness . tjp-xse-e; bovi Vf.he. -thing/
w.ill'.;wprlci .if vtried; .in, this -eouritryj.^^gc^ranvijhavi'nV
¦ Iiondbri Vto;;ripV ; Gh^tob^Tlii^'up^theVbaik^
.c-p'uld ; ;Thardl*/. ; .complain': .s^6 > -il'd;;;;-!^^jfib^isiii- 1 comV:
Over-; tb^NcwNYorkr^he.'next; tirnie'; Qbckra'n JruJTsV for:
¦Cpngre^and. proceed -i-t'o" Ia.mb'.as.V :^arn;many. : -^all'/f<3ri
.'nominating/him: ; ':f. : ?j'fS'jr, ('¦}.", •i'?.-;'.-;.^ : : '-:-. : Jj- A;,-? ;¦ -"'^
• '.Carnegfe's \case:-.'s n'^
Cock'ran... He. has^ . ne'yfif. '.'l>«en..;:a>pqiUick|/-leAder : Vin i
.America' andVthefefprc'has' i be.tterjnght: "to- .pgs.e' «s.'
minding .the ¦\ybrjd.^^
Spangled; Scotcjim-ih," and ¦ it .rtiay>be the' .description v
fits' hirn ; tp' i Wsvtas^-:iHe;'''m^
i Scot(ihman}and;i*P«iakas •a.,star:sp^ttgfe^»^eiibfri'^t|
and nobody have. any. fight ,t6vobject.*whether^e. .do
his , .political • 'spccchdia,king • in= London- -p'r inaNejy
vVork.,;;' ; ; '3:\'y -^.^S'-f^t'^. ':¦?. ¦¦'¦ '' ; '••h'
'*..The :mbst/ interesting^ 'jeatur.e '. of the -appearance ;o.f;
these twV. Americans in Britis'h'ppUticsVis* that '.each!
Of/thm£ipeiks;;not ; ?b * r^ch^(th^ang'uage' 'of '.arg'ti-;
m.ent ; as vthat- V-of, . >-arijing.'-' Hr.* ... .G.hamb)(ria'in';..|'3 i
virtually, itbld^^ ; riot that '«iie^i^
but.that he js either'^
Carjiegie tin discussing UtfTJll^llafd^ff^entf^aj^
in favor of .^ritish;cp;lt)nies; with prbtecjtiqn ior Brit^:
ish'% industries; .'a^ih^^lc^idersV-sajs .\" thd;*ljnijted'
States- would .surely'" -feltalrate^'and^•a.idds'*. ''.'.¦"k. \vbrd :
froni - 8 the-. -cancels eyc-
, tended : to "Canada/ of 'rjeachtng j pp : eri;'Arnen*can". ports
through Ar^ri^n^terr^or^w.ith: all .her; expQrts arid*
frnpofts^ free.v'of^duty;* for: fjfjye • rnpntfif : in ' thVyear;:
When* her a^e::icebqtfnd..'- 5he.-.uses^ --the.
'pnviiege aljTthe year.'-The : w(thdrawa(.of tKe prfyileg^:
given • to'.Ganada :wbuJd'".jprQb'*ibly.* be.."sufficient ','tp.
satisfy. -Great Britain; that ¦thtrAmenca'ri pepple were'
in^ earnest.^".Negotiations^ would 'soon - begin ah'd- the ;
rprK'ilege so rashly- '^disturbed iVYpuld.be restored.'.' "V :
; There' may te ;a r -.good;deal' : of truth'; in • that* state
ment, "though it 'is doubtful whether: a deriial'-of the
privilege of shrpprng...Canadian*.pro.ducfs:.thr6ugh .our
ports-would not be' an^embargo that w6uld.hurt Bp*s- ;
Jon, New York,- Chicago'' and. Buffalo more-thair.it
would 'hurt,. Toronto,- Montreal' and Quebet". : That;
however,- is a' secondary/. questio'pV; '.•The prime point'
is f hat these warnings" aregiV.en.tb'the British. from
•men who are speaking not as-Britisn" subjects. but". as
Americans. Just how the British, votep wilf take the'
warning; remains to be seen) but were- .an English
politician to come to the United States -and' warn an
American "constituency, [against a particular .. tariff
policy, there;: would ;be 'no : need to xpunt f the .vote
when.' the; election* camebff..' V *,. .''... ,'. "'¦'¦- ¦•¦ ¦'•/>''< ¦• ' •;;
WAtolNG-'^aSABRITiSIJ
;¦•;" It ;is announce.d* that when .Root .¦retires: from ; the
Cab.ihet tit will- ehtep H.ew .York*pbliticsas a? candi'
date for Governor .\yith-an- eye on. a -future ; hbrntnatiQn
]TOT^^^^]r^siden%jyVand Vif : -.tHaV:J^t^fainj proposed
action will! haVe/to; be ; : giyen.-a. different. ;d'esig*hation-.
*"Retiremeot'' : is^no.:nam«; )6r-}L >• '^:\;?^\- :'¦;':. ¦'¦ '* •-•'. r"
SATURDAY.*. . . : :1. ','. :\ , .•::•,..: ?: AUGUST' i;; J9pi:
. *; •• \ w " 'V .;;• . ,;
JOHN a SPRECKELS," Proprietor."./;:;. :\j
/<<3re«s All CornmunfcatJonsio W C S. H^A^^°^*£!^-
.. TELEPHONE. .'.>. ;,;, -y'- : : -^:*
Ask for THE CALL. '&*&*&*?1^.$&$&.
You-WItli the Department T<«rWi$n^{.^% ]
TCBLICATIOSr OFWCE..:siarket:a*d.TMril,.S.: CjS
CDITOniAL noo.il>,.'. i , 2XT :to. 221; Steye-OL«pii ¦ $U.
DeUvered by .Carriers,- 2O-*(Ett!-P^r W«<^-
Per Mosth. '{ Singly C(^«.*?.;Cefti^'f-;---*y'-.-.'" ;
Terms by M?«. Indntlin* Po»'tige'.-(Cash-'wn,h brteri: V." ' .
I5AILT CAJLL (indud^Jg flanflay)/ one. year— ..:.%*/.l.'.'.-.fS.OO- :
DAJXT CALL (lndudlnc I Sun&*r). ' V, tnlontha/.... : :'...: ..-4MO:
DAILY GAlAr*— Bjr Elnjtle atonth... ..'•••'•'• '-.'-'•-••.•> ••••••' T 5 * 5 '
fUNDAT CjlUU Oom Teari":. :...'..>>-.- i- r •-••"'••• - 1 * S *52^
n'EEKLT CALL. On* Tear.. ;:.. I.*..^.*../.:l-."«. .--.—... l-«°.
* . . f Dally.* . . .»8.8O .?er Tear. E«tra
rOREIGN POSTAGE/...".'.! < - punday..' 4.15"..P.eT : Tear' < Ex.tra,
f.f. ." :-/ •• *.v.t Weekly;. ,l.O0 .Per .Tear Extra
¦-.. ' . ¦...'¦•¦.•••¦".. ••*° •-¦• -•
All Po««m««terB_are* aritlujH-ied, 1q: *ecelT«; t .*;
" • ¦nbaerl.ptl'onav .*";;¦¦<¦'•.' *• .:
Caisple <opie« l will, be /oi^arded"..wheB v re5iaest"ed.' .- : \
." ' :'• •' — '—. — — • \" "-•—.'¦' •' * j :- ' .
Mall >ub*ctfber» 1b ort«1nr .eJaang* .of.-* a^^rens •yiTsBOia-'b*. '
rartleular to «1t« bpUi' JCE*W # ANDl OLJ"> ; ADDRESt? In -.order.,
to tasure » prompt i*»d- correct oompllanoe' with .their ..request. '
'-* •' * -OAKIA50-'' 0>icicB. : "-> •• : ¦ . ' .;
1118 Broadway. ... . Jivi 1 V..TeIephone Jttalkr ;1O83;
'• ; BERf^Ei-E'r-.-OFFicii.',-''. ¦{'', '-. : ••:•-• '•:'•••
21 48 Center Street<. y . ."^ .*/..T«sJiep"noa-B Worth .TT ;
C. GEORGE KRO*G"**ESS,.i«aiia«rfV Foreign' Atj-r er- .
.- r c tlalnr. Marataette 'Btalldlnsi.^Clilcaa:©.-'- ..-;' -. ' : ;
" , (lose Distance "telephone s *sC«intril- : 2«19." ' ) <¦¦: . " : " - : , -"
'/*¦ • ¦WAEktSGTOli OORBESPOJfTJsWt; 'y, • '.•¦"¦ :' :
MORTOTf TS. CRAJTB-^l. .». .., : .14Og : .O- Street, Jt. W. :
(' ¦ ¦¦;.--l •¦¦'••' 'NEW "fORK.-.irXPRESmTAtnnE: ".. ..:¦ T: '-. .-..- .I-.'
ITEFBSIf Bi- SMITH... :.;i:,,W:T*l****BulWaB
'. .- •.-.'- "'. 'iiie&'-yott^boKR&rtypKitri-.s-'y-- '¦ ¦-. :: : -.
C. C. CAnLTO.V ". :;.>>¦.-.*;•.. 5 ¦.'.¦.i .¦..,».¦. i Herald Sa*a#re
,-' •- ' --- •'?•:¦ "NEWV.T.0RK: SEWff'. STAMPS:' ,- ¦•:'•¦*•;.••/.•- V ! -:' ;
tTtidorf-Xatoria '.Hotel; •"" A, • ifere'ntano;. ; Si : Union \: Square;
alurray HUT Hotel >>Fl'fth^ave«d« H.otel. : aad Hoffipaa Hora««; .
* .•.*"¦-'. \ >'';•'' cBjckGo'-K^vrB'sicAiipsx .. ;.:-•-'•.:.:'
Bherm#ii .Hou.— ; P.-' 'SK, NeWj-. ; '^; -.Great; Northern . Hotel,
rremont Hp^aei-. : An*MtprtBni--.Hotel;.:Pj4m«r : Housex .";. .- . "¦; / -.•..-,
*ORAjrCH OFFICES^— *2T l&oni got-aery^ corner :of ..<^l i ay, flpen-.
¦ ' -astir •-SOto'clodC ¦.•8«J'-Ha-fea r ?o5et«,u-iUl'»'.3() cfelociL (533.
McAllister. open'tantUtfjSO.o'xiockl: C15 Laxkin.- cpen until ¦
' •#•«>• o'clock, XM1. Mleslotj. ,opeq."nntil'lQ'VeJocfcr 428V".
Market, corner 'Sixteenth;' open : until .9 Vcloclt-lOB* Va^ •
lmda,. cpen until" »* o'-clock.;- 106^ ".Eleventh." cpm !antii-.9
':'¦ - c' flock. JfW. corner IT-^entV-^econd'.and'.kentuclcy,'. open :
until 8, p'docjt. *.*2»0 •Flllmore,-open :^ until :».p."m..-. •' .'-. :"'
I *. SANTA CLARA. July *H,-3t.udle3 will* .
be resumed a\ Santa Clara/Collff e -pn.,
Tuesda*. August 4. iN-ew'ljulldlngs. nave. ;
been.*adUled,.w'hfrcbi,- increased '
*datlon ft>r students Ms^gajhed. .-The new
•dormitories will^arcily Bo ready : for ty.
cupancy before Jbe second^week .of .the
teirnj tjuf workmen -are Jhakipg "a r{. effort*
to* finish, them at'as-.early a.'rlare.as.Doa'.*-;
sible. J/icluded.' in .tb<? nf.W bullcHngs, ,-.
which ad'jojft the quadraiigl-ooi'-patio on
trie west, wiU be another large .cla,ssroora .
and new Qrfarters for the lnfifmarian.
Enrollment is greater this : year* .than,,
last/ which ,w?s*a»yea» of_^ laVge. classr.9,
Many new stud-nts have arrived from
'dlstant parts, 'especially.* from trie P.hi.llp"
.plnes. The *Rev. Robert E.« Kenna: pte^S
dent.of the college. ls > in..rec*3ipt . or... a-|
large number of applications from iri^-nd-..
irtR students*. Special course^ will * be *
taken In numerous instances. . •;* .
Announcement of the faculty • for the
coining year- was made torda-y.*' Father
Kenna.'will continue 'as .presM«it, al-;
though it was understood at th*?..la3t.:
graduation /hat he wotiM # be allowed to
hav« a' year of less .exacting, \o\
lowirjg la the faculty: * - *' ¦ " * .'.
'president. B*V. Rbbert E-* tittoi** S." - J-";'
:>lc* pre-rtdent. protect, o*' s\>idlea and .of .•*""*:*
clpHne, Rev, James f Morrtssay. .8 A .. »-*f
retary and tre-wurrr. Rev. -Hugh. P, Oa.H»K^r,.
: S. JT: chaplain. Rer. P»trl«:lcJ. foot*. o.;J..
-registrar and librarian. Rev.. James M. o.b^l
llTan -S, ••*;.: assistant j»r«f«t «oS 'dlsc'-jltne..
Rev/ Joseph P- SAclV 8 - *3 pr0fe ?, t j? r? 1 lS *^ O i""
lese? course, 'moral* pfiilosophy. 'ppllflral econ-, j
.cray. -caleplciS'" af/rpi»my.« JRtv. . Jeroine •*?
:tttcard..S.3*: wental phlk>soph-i. m at JV7**"£?; .
Sal chfimlstry. min»ralojtT. geology. R *-J£*- ,
Clchl-s; J.; Metrician.- "John J. H»" t « o ™^' 1 *:
Ph j>.. BC ?•? trlsonometrr. a"fyt' c * eo f...
etry. surveying. R^V An. ii. c P» teU '* % *. 8 ' IT"
* higher English, theory and prac»«;'l «*>
lnjf.* Rev! John J. • Conniu*tmin. •?. J.. . «w
¦lane* history. EnglUh-and cli» c. ta .opho
r -ST^^ffiS-^-«i*
*ge6met^ drawlns. Catf A. Fitzgerald. A^B.
* Instructors in academical course arc:- •;¦
* First academic assistant «lr«ctor "of • "red.'
wood.". Rev. John J- Hayes 8 J^ second, aca-.
demlc athletics. Rev. Joseph Vr Morton. S. J../
fo^th academic. Rev. Robert E. V. Burns;
S™"? mathematics. Rev William -3-™"*%"' '
S J : Special classic*. French. It*",»a°- -g^* •
V« if #**oitelll S J-; soeclal Enaliah. Rev..,
&$£SS£S& i£SSFSSTi£ft
BLzJt ffisso?' trs&ssgsi:
commercial law. George A. Sedgley. B. • S...
first pre-academie. James %. Bacclgalupi, A.
B.: mathematics. Francis >C Farry. A. B..|
second Dre-academlc. John Waddell. A. 41..
dw-wln-? and palntinr Brother B..Tortore. S...
J: piano, comet and vocai niMlr. O C. Buer
her violin and mandolin. -Ab-j. W. Kaufmann:
TOrnet. Carl A. Fitzseral* A. B.: penmanship.
Joseph R. Fernandei; vl«Itlnrr physlc^n. Fred
C. t^rlach. M. S. M. T>.; inHrmlan. G«<jrge W.-
Meaney, S. J. ,
•Sp*cUl DUpatch to«The*Call
;:'"R.ailway earnings-, indicate an .aggre
gate-, for '.the third week of nearly 14' per
ceht-.larg.er-.than /the "same -week a' year
ago..'...; : .-'•. .••••• ¦•-..*' ' •"•.'."¦"¦.¦•.
; '.'Business .failures' 'for'the United State/*
th'l*"V'.wpek .'numlier 190,' against .1S3 last
week/aiid.i6S- in the like week of, 1902 % For.
¦C'ana.da they" number 17. as against 20 last
we"«k and .16.- a yeaf.ago:" .- -'-. *
; "Corn, export's for the week. Aggregate
S28.S39' -bushels,- against 1,501,338 last week,
ZZv.405 a"' year argo. For four weeks of* .the
:prese'rit cereal year they' aggregate 5,357,665
•bushels, against 423,826"ln 19021 •" . ' • •
\. ;.';*The .industrial situation is'o'n thV-whole-'
.satis'fa'ctoi v y'. . " "Vyoolen: manufacturers", are
'do;ing a.-fa-lr business and buying .stea'dify
of :raw"rnatefial- to-.c.6v"er' orders '"already
booked;. .Thp res<ilt is" notable stea-dine'ss
at: .the" highest . prices reachi'd for raw'
.wool-.; :" Hides are .rather . irregular, . but
•sh'o^ shipftients from- Eastern* "pojnts are
32.'-pe : r-ce'rit larger 'than "this week a year
¦ago: and for the season fully 16 .per cent.
,Wheat,- including", flour, exports' for. the
;we.ek-'- aggregate 3,191.442 , bushels: i agalnsi
~2*.731,'988c1ast..week and .4.387,534* this week'
last-r.ear.. ¦ For four, weeks' of the. cereal
y'e.ar "they* aggregate. 12,«iO6,.624- -bushelg,
¦against 16,548,840 ln-1902. 1',
. ' '.'Fpllures this-.week,were 190-in the Unit
ed States, against 198 'last year .and . 19- in
. Canada .cbmparp'd* with- 18 a-jrear..ago."*'_. i '
.•.-Bfadstreefs*' " w.ill ; v .say':"
"Weatber, cropland-, trade. conditions* are
.seasonably' favorable, .though- irreguldrity
and •.weaknessjn'.sq'rne.'staple-.prices reflect
.readjustments tbns'u'mj^tion .t'd .enlarge'd
¦prioJBuctfcn. :• Copious : rains-i.h«tly!' co.f n' fctlt
and .in "the. western. Vottoh -region- have-.^e*
.rtiTjye'd -some^of.rhe'.iyieaslness.. existing as.
. to j.the-.fltUturnr'Of. these-* two' g*ea'f crpps'.'
r.lfon "^ndVsyeel- buyers -are. b^IH bacfexficara..,
TJie-lnd.ustria'l' ¦improv.ed;'
ihe i;ki"'ro'ads .are having all tftey can.b^.ri-.
¦dle;"w : tlh-la1k -: '6f 'c6pges.ti.on' ibelng!
: he?ird.,"a'n.d; the counfry.'s /returns '.of. c'eEe
ftls .anfl'.f &qd prsduc,t-s..prornises' better.fhan
a;'-y,ear lag'o- :in' : so 'fa'r as '.-qua.U-'ty .is .'.con-:
-cerriedl'. •¦%:•¦>'.¦.¦••,¦.•'. '¦':. . '•'¦ •' '-.''i-S i ;:
:'; ifA-\ fax ; orab'le.'featnrev th'isf.weelc -.[fs '-^he
reported- "imbrovement -in", foreign' .demand
•for . oiir .b'rea.dstuffs.'.'corisJd'erable' quanti
¦i.ies-'ot'ne.w"wheat.android corn being.'re-.
.porfed X taken.' '. Accorripanylng-, .this.: has
been an. imp'rovement in the. outiide" intef
;esh.taken'in .the cerpal'.'matkets' "World's
• s!tpcks'.shW- little jor 71b. change., for' -tHp
.'wpek;'\JJ7Iv " : T ". T -V- .-; •" J : •" ';¦'¦¦' '•
'. NEVV-.-yORK,. Jirfy '.3\.^-H., G\..pun\ &
Co.V .Weekly Re.vlew'of'Tfade-'to-morrow
wllj. sayl\ ' i'F;UTthit: evidence ;o' r . - the -i *?H$' %
baste, .upon •; whicfif. ••¦legitimate', 'trade*, is*
established; Ji'as;-be'en.';iu.rrifsh?d -jj/ ;'-tbe
•equaTilmity.^w.it.h'. -which'- commercial, and
fina'nciatinjffitutjons • -regard -th'e 'recent
speculative cpllapbesl .' - mdre-. h&rni
.has .been 'done to .thecountry's'--iiianufa.c
turess'.'and'. trade.- by .'the inflajfed; prices of
cottoh-.-.than *by _}.he- depression 'in-, stocks.
Repbfts arc almost una-nlmous as jto'-the
•iieavy- distrihutroij'of -merchandise. -As a
'rtiie.. retail trade fn ' # sumni6r« fabrics "has
continued m heayy.'.an"* jobbe'fs*. report .fall,
business; opening w^ll. *.. " ! "..
• '"'Foreign -.trade is[mai'nlfa # lned/.b6th ex
ports .and im'port.s tfonj. tjh's city 'showing
gains over the •'corVesfcondlng. w.eek last
ycaf. ."Moderate improvement 1 ; is noted in
the/tohe. of .the iron and steel industrj>
In cotton gobdfs ¦ prices or*?, fully sustained.
Aside ffom a few "of ."the* highest" grades,
newMlnes.of lightweight woolens Tor next
spring are fully opened. ..Pricfs are. about
the same as. a year ago. ' Buyers are nu
merous- In •*thfi- leading, markets; taking
woolen. goods . fteely. and "showing"a.pref
erence fof the 'ctirrent Wades.
,'.-. '.'.Hides again; average much "lower.and
this continued "weakness encourages shoe
manufacturersr'.to-- postpone "purchases 'o.f
leather in expectation of better terms.'* •.
'/^\^ the 3oard of. 'Public WoFks.it may be : said"
f i •*.) *^ft ; xtj haV become. > '.Boar-d; ; of: ! P*iblic .^Nuis-'
' V^/'^ancc. .• U : 'is; nbt .'so muciv & Board' of /Fublic.
.Works as ( a .board for. working th'§ public... For .some'
tmie past, it iias'rbceri holding '"the'/center. of the muni-"
'.cipal; ' stage ,'^nci .hasl : be.en .'•'giyitjg--a ... coiUinu.dils^ -per 1 -.
fprmancV :o£ 'converting-/ public*. -funds- ¦ into'"-.politicair
spdilsV.and-;then.' # wcanglrng- . bverV ihp .-distribution 6f;
.'•;d.utsi^ -of; .those vwhb.^
.c.iibiary.' .iot'er^st .•••/in the.' sppils,.; there •¦are.';.fe"w .pebpre'
in • the • city /who- care^inucit :.f or either. 'of the disputing :
and", quar'reljiig/ factions.--.^iie^.cbnc^rn' of . tHe-^publi?
in : Ihje .situat.ion/isydu.e to ' thq ' wastft of app.ropnatrons'
majie 'for - : municipah.work .;'ah.d the ' : lieglect-,: of- w'prk •
•that "should^ be ..promptly -attended ].to.-. •The.; people •
look: tdthe.boiird' to .c^an'tfieistree'ts.
and Vto' keep them, in repairi but ..when .th'ey;. look ihey'-'
. perceive' 1 tbat. ejich "member/ of -.the --board -is -intent' on
.rioihing .rho.re! than cieaniiig. put •some .Qther member'
:and'rep.af^ •The '.endless
'>vrarigie. in ; the -board! was i aj. : frr,st'' looked 'upon
amusement, as a. farce;. but is now. regarded with <iW
¦gust.-'.'as. a^gr^lss - : .violation- of "official ' decency. ';' The
Hhiiig ' has/be'en carried :' too . faW;r It '"is"- high ..time "to.:
•faay.e"aa' : end'.or.''iti'"' ; "'<; '¦'';'''¦:'/--'¦:' .V -\. ''''/'¦: ¦.':/•¦ ?' ;"if •'
¦ ¦ Ih \the' bands, of; the "present', members th.e Bp'ar.d-'
M •Public^.Wor.ks rha.s.c.Qmrnitted.; very .-"nearly" ;every.
# ldn^/O^'n t ]C.ns^'tKat^|: pqs'sibje -without; th'e 'conirhis-.;
.sioh.'of [\criiji(ii.\: -.Money 1 ' voted -.by... the •Su'peryasors-.for-.
.defraying .tjic , cost -bf ' public -kworW' has., been .'us.e'd-',
increasing .the' salaries ;'o.f. the. empjoyes of-,
the.' board,;. and '_ihe"saj?riesj..haye_\beenr.made;!use'_ of
aV. political s'poii .for the, rewarding of th'e= lienchmen.-.
of -this .fa.ctioh..;orthat. \ lThe ; result has .been S^c<3ttn^."
•pjete-.'demdraliizatipn "-"pi ". tlie; -.wprking- .-.staff; :>pK .the \
board, and-.^s- .a.:.c6nsequjc'nre; : ev'en'.'tn'e>m;O5t'yfa|tHful-.
and industrious ; .members; .of . the ¦ f prce^:are. no : longer '
able | ¦¦¦10 do ;much; ofVreally.: :pubiic : work' tp\c?rn- their:
salaries...; Tbc i^yraiiglihg! memb^rsypf the.' board- thereV
for^ not prily ; .dp'nb:wpfk;iihe^
der. it ; well- nigh- im
wprk^. -:In\^short: ¦;thV--w.Hole-'pffic|ai'.'-httch'irie;!is\but.-p'f.
broken^ cog. wheel, "'riinmng';eye,ry'Jtind. .!pf = way;?\yfirr.-';
ring.-jarrinjg. biiizing andVracketing itself tp'-pieces/..:'
.•Under thel. bid' fbrntof^
•there.was va; .Street .^
M;bom .fb :; h'old respon&ib^
street wprk, and. as .a cbrisequence jtheVGornmissLoiier '
' -generally managed to ;do. .something.; ; ,.The- •streets^
\vere;" not" kept. 'iri\the;mpst>^
true vjahd' ' : -there -'was \'rnuchi:tp/mpiaint.;"o.f>.rieg)ec^/';but-^
th?y Avere" ntiich !'.; :b.ett.er\kep.t''.ih''an'-:now».::'ThBv:b.oar(J.^
! dojes^;of.se- .than .- riot h.in.g 'and l each : member," wheri He
:Has •.some i Teisurt from. .wrangling, with- his 1 colleagues;
¦puts.-in the';time* .explaining^
responsibility :' of >th.e : . waste' . pf..-:;pub.li(:-' moneys • .tKe
neglect" of '•.work'vanbf the: general inefficiehcy of 'the
boafd,"are '^u'e'- tp. th el imbecilities^ and iniquities of..His'
.\vieke<i'.cblieagu£s, : .^. /•.-.. : ] •*• ;'•;;•¦• '• "•• ' v' '"{¦':¦ :•'¦'• ".- '
:': .The. situation: has: becomeintblerable.'.Qur streets
.'niight just ,as-we}I:b<'.caliedy public inconveniences",
and '-"municipal, dirtways;":' -No- one -of .the .wranglers
o'n.-.tfie. board; rVas 'seemingly. ..'any : tirhe- : to .attend.'.to.
the"m, or. eyen.to attend to .those -who- conjie to give,
.information: :cojncerning : theht.;- Every- member 6f,|he;
board is-' top .busy^ trying to .get a 'jpb'-jfdr one. pf htjT
gang..pr gelt "on t of the. other /fellow's gang' out of '
•a. job,- to have: any .time; «riergy- or thought to give to"
his duty' tb the ;cityi So it; comes ib'out that public,
work', so far Jj-orh- being performed is not even- dis
cussed', and a report fif , the prpceedings of a^rheetmg
.bf'the". board ..reads like a .cbnfefence between a set
•pf -lake -pugs, hurling' at one. another defiances and
-chaHenges.tp". fight. at any _. plaice where the sports will'
.'guarantee' most '.moneyl ¦.•".. -.'-•;•••.¦ Vv.'*. ' .
.i..Meantinit San Francisco , is.. gell.ting: ready, to re- B
jreiVe -the Grand 'Army .of the: Republic and the re
ception.- will. bring-here;- the : largest assembly of visi
.to'rs from ill; parts of the •Unipn that' has ever graced'
.theCStateJ : ; \ By' Voluntary ..contributions :the citizens
have raised large.".surns of ; ;rnbnjey : .tp. ¦decorate the
streets . with', arches; r'and . .banner^ .and ! to"* illumine
Vhem -with the blaze, pfinnumerable lights.: • -.•What; will,'
:i>e. the -of. -the s.urface^bf ' thel 'street's -that
'¦iW.ill be thus 'adorned? •; AV^hat-wili'bie.'thel.thoughts' of
visitors'; whejn' they ;are' driven .; along ".•Ooldenr-Gate ¦
avenue .to'.the' park? :r What-'judgmeiitjndeed can ! 'we.
cxp.ect; even j their ; courtesy'.' to' : prphb"unce' pri . our
streets generally? ':l-f- : ''f I/A.*";' %'••' ' ... V/-V;-' • ¦'•'-'. ' • v.""- ;
•j The 'truthris. -the ¦public. .interest- .stlffers Avhile ; . the
Board * of ". Public' Works '_ -wrangles raad-'does '".the.
meanest kind -of- "personal'- politics at 'the: expense of
the' taxpayers. '.*^if''; there be^. np ".'summary :wa/'.*pf
.ridding .the .city. of the""incubus of this- -tax-eating,
job-chasing board,- there Ought to be. It. has not
only "exhausted -public pa.tienee % but .it is' making even
'popular ind'snation feel tired. • • '£y.y\ ;',•>'' •-. ' ?».' •' -.
DEATH ENDS
CAREER OF
A PIONEER
NEW FACULTY
OF SANTA CLARA
JESUIT COLLEGE
had" blown harmlessly. 'over.; and the farmer and 'the
-cbllegian.liad.tnade.it ub with one another and were
getting. along again. all- right; >• '** ' -.-."¦
• : 'JS T ext • came' a.howl-of. rage frtonithe collegians! 'They
derio.uhced.tlie. farmers for wakjng them .too' early', * for'
giving -them coarse' foodJ-foV furnishing- no/ corrifor-tr
.a.bje beds -and 'for' ho't-'prtj viding 4Hem with' <ontinu.ous
work.'- "•li'appe J ars''-they expected- 'toi'ris.c..-.Sonfewhcre '
.-about'^ noon,, .dine; sujrtiptiiously; -.isjeep .'; .on!-' beds: of--,
a'mar^ntliivdr /'moly.and .Spend 4h'e'vcnytiTieVsuinnicr/oii
6rie (fa'rm'l ; ' : s6-that when" th'ey" fouhcj ••they-'rha-d- f o '¦¦'bus-'
tie' out before, d^
; havch to/.;ieaVjS;ia- # -iarni' : : asVs6dii^a's:/lth'cy.;gptv^ei^ac^'
quainted -'"<vith ; tfie'b^st > gir1,':"'theyy-begafl' : itio;:fej:I.' t$at
.Kansas is' a- fraud and/harvesting: .a. ;j ."'•;•: .;.'
'--. Iftth'is' mutable -.worlds however; .eyery.thjhg-. passes
;;e.ven.;the Howls^of ¦ cpl}egiari§ ,d.i^.put o i !.tlie. : air ;
in -timerso" n.q\v\\ye'arje pnpV^qre' 'getting 1 reports' of.
/established.. ;Jiarrnonjr:-. oh.>the:- i^rrris,! : ¦' -The .-• farmers .
h4ve,;.cea'sed;. : to;\say ;that : ,thdy- .girls ..are '.hetter thaii.
:the': dude's -a ri'd \th'e/cojtegians\ have .ccasjed.- tip ' demand •
;hu'f kreberry.; rJie'for. jdirtner", th.ey ev.en "shpw.X" wijluig-
•ness .to -accept 'it- at. .-breakfast. *; Sq icverything is foe
.tKe'^me.-.be"ing\qutte\iqvely,-an^:wfe learn that -some'
pf.-thje .icoijegiaris'have bef n writing -East to. tell their
local .papers that Kansas .wheat -fields are as -jarge as
a... whole -county *iri ; Nc.w .England; .sb; : it! seems there",
.is- a 'pretty' good' course .of education .gbing.on along"
with -the.. work.'. '/;:>;/• '•'-• .-'• ":'• ' *. '¦¦¦¦• •' '\; '.'' '••¦•:.••¦.•.•'
BQABD OP FU^LIG .WpJRKS:.
NEW YORK'S
TRADERS TAKE
HOPEFUL VIEW
; : \^H-lS/ ; 8Ag : ';yKA;3SOlBUO. CAIkLv: TffRPAY; AUGUST 1, ,1903.
6
; ; ; ; ¦';;::'¦• » ;^i^ :^^^ : z '- ¦'¦ : |
I*:::: : : |-NiiEiiiiilif ; f
* - : ; '; ¦; •¦' ..- ¦','¦';•' ¦¦;¦' ¦ ¦ '• r'»--iV-:%'-/-;v-'-/-,iv-'*'--;- /*ifr}gV i \t&*K2 i W''V x & > ''*5£ • f
-Yo-o'll Never GueM;"^ai*^
f: '.¦'¦-¦ ':-. ' ¦'¦' ¦'¦¦¦ tl^z 1 ?;"^??*! 1 ? 1 *** *? A^?^»^ :^**!^"^ t^ : - -?'^*-^ '--o
Z;:}^r^y 5 /.:*\-'--i'.-"'.'.' ':/:¦ . . • *^ * n 4.?',Sea«koi%
5*: -^so^.Two :'of ,the B^st- Short Storte«.qt Wjhich^.of Coya%%<-. C
;, : :^- v y:/ : ' r > : Are Exci-wive of : t^^ ¦
iTBEMicKL^Pie ?: ;;t"f:r^REpouj#Appjiip| 1
¦•¦;':•' \^y,_ ;'.'v':*-*" ¦;•>¦•'¦: ; i>; : '.'*i^ALSO^^'^ :¦''^: : '^-.v? IJ
FABLES FOR THE FOOLISH. NO. 1-TBE SORROWS OF A SODL |
."'i£*r--. ALSO mS • 'J
WHY YOUR PHOTOS ARE BAD. I NEW INDIAN CRUELTIES. \\
By Charles Taylor Jr. j By Gen. A. A. Buxt, XT. 3. A, 1
ALSO— ? A
•Fourth and Most Exciting Instalhnent Yet of V j\
THE SPENDERS== [1
HHHgPi By Harry Leon Wilson. H
Wherein Uncle Peter Bines Brings Billy Brue to New York to Show a
Him Fashiontble Life in the Nickel Plush Hotel in the 9
Most Unique Way Imaginable. |1
¦ \ _ •** ¦•¦¦¦: _ . .--¦-..- . - ..-¦¦ . .. 1 ' iS 'THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, vSATURD^y,^XulauST, 1. 1903.
• * ABGUES O FOB- BECEI^EB.
Mr.' Ijfndley de\-oted the e'ntire morning
to arguing the petition for the appoint
frcent of a receiver. In part he Bald: •
If your Honor plea»e, this is an ancillary
application 'n the svlt of Ccnklla and otberi*.
stockholders and bondholders cf the United'
State* Shipbuilding Company, agafnst that
• xmpany. based upon proceedings had in. tiie
Federal Court tor the -District of New Jersey,
wherein the corporation was adjudged to be K>
colvent. and directing (be appointment of a »?
<elver of all its assets; also adjudging that the
directors of the company had mismanaged |ts
affaire, end upon the various grounds tpecined
in the orij.-ir.al bill, tbe court appointed James
Hmith Jr. of New Jersey as receiver. of all
the aesets of tbe corooratlon.
The only party named in the ancillary pro
ct*<J!ng is the United States Shipbuilding Com
pany. . The. -application comes before thl« court
fjracttcaliy ex parte, although at th» suggestion
of tbe court and at the request of counsel rcp-
i renting intere>ts that are associated with The
'.nlted f-'tites Bhipbuilding Company in some
of its affairs they were invited to participate
in this proceeding and give to the court,such
t-ugeeetions as they might have In regard to the
l»ower ot the court to appoint the ancillary re
rrlver. the advisability at Mich appointment and
*uch other objections either to the jurisdiction
or to the exerci*e by the court of its discrtUorr
ary power as they tnlrht »e« Ct to present at
tnlr bearing. And while we understand, as -»<>
*hall point out during the course of the argu
ment, that proceeding* of this character «r«
usually without notice, and that these .geiiUe
men are here as a matter of courtesy both on
the part.of the court and on the part of the
(onnsel, they are to be treate-a Just as tf they
were here as actual parties to the proceeding. •
The Court— Let me" know what Interests arc
repr»eented. • j
VAST INTERESTS INVOLVED.
Mr. Lindley— Mr. Pillgbury represents tlie
trustee of tbe mortgage bonds, the Msrcantlle
I Trust Company' of New York, which trustee has
tiled her* a bill to foreclose the mortgage upon
nil the plant of the United States Shipbuilding*
t.'ompsny. and there is pendlnr in this court,
not only this proceeding, but also a bill to fore
close the mortgage.
The Couit— Tbe bondholders object to the ap
pointment of a receiver?
Mr. PilUbury— Y«*. • • .
The Court — Who are asking the appointment
of the T»oelver?
jar. Llndley— The minority of tbe bondholder*
and stockholders. • .
. The Court— Part of the bondholders are aik
lr.t the anointment of a receiver?
Mr. Llndley— Ye«. " I will exnlaln In detail
the circutdstances lesdlng up t2 the appoint
"ient of a receiver In the court of rrtmary
Jurisdiction," the attitude of the different ancil
lary court* mbere the different anciUary plants
• re situated, and also the position of Mr. Pill«
wu-y representing the trustee of tbe roortgate
.CuKis H. • Llndhey..<)f -this -, clt>'. and
, H*nry'WplIrnan of New York appeared. as
attortiej-B foi» tbe poroplalnants. and -E. S.
rt!l6bury° appeared .for the ".Mercantile.
*Triist Company. • Mf»unt*ford Wiiso'n was"
.present In the Interest "of* the. Cnion Iron
Works." *
. -•¦::; .;-.{ore<.J : ua5e: J".. H." Beatty yester--"
t day.. .;itiV-.the"suit'of -R6la"nd I*. Gonkiln
¦ • against ¦•¦ithe-.-Xiilted;" States - Ship^buii'ding"
( Gqmpa.rfy/j.-tbf .'great" "corporation ¦wh'ic'h
* own's-v avttiaiority* of the -phipbuiidjpg
• plahts^f. lKe'.-co'untcy.% " Coriklln.iind o'ther ;
KiocJfh.oJd^rs/are' desirous of having "Jamesr
.Smithiir;. appointed receive/ pf.the -L"nioh.
.1rofl-;Works'..of-'Thls c r ty",..the p'r.operty -of.
the.- UnlXedv States Compa.ny,
.;« nd' ..the" Mefrcantlje Trust Compa^ny . of.
-.N'^Tr.' T/>r^'. yriiisii has "filed ar» action # to '
! foreelosie a.-niortgage on. .the local jship
.'-;buildliii:.plant, la. opposed to Mr. SmftJIs
app.olntra«nt.. : c * '•" -i.. •. . •
< \ | ¦sjy RQBA.BL; Y t the • jnost« important
. jlwJ! <i££-rthkt. has- been heard " : tti .thtf-.
j W m f^ ¦'¦•."United .-States . Circuit Court- 'in
; : -J.fears' cam.e-. up .'f or argument-- be-f
This is an action ancillary to one Institute
in the United States Circuit Court for th» dis
trict of. New Jgraey. The object of the pro
ceeding la ' to obtain • from this cqurt an crder
recognizing and.' confirming the appointment of.
WANT SMITH APPOINTED.
Mr. Lindley— In addition to that, tf your
Honor please, speaking of the parties repre
sented before the hearing, I have invited and
notified counsel for the Union Iron Works.
Mes*n«. Wilson & Wilson, and also Mr. Henry
T. Scott, who is the managing director of the
Union Iron Works, and In charge of the ope
rations upen this coast, to be present and lend
such aid and assistance to this court In ar
riving at what the, facts are with reference
to the property within this Jurisdiction as may
seem proper under the conditions an'd circum
stances. So that we may eay we have hwe
before the court at fhe present "time every
one that =can possibly be considered to be
beneficially lnterenteil in the property of the
shipbuilding company situated within the. juris
diction of this court. •! shall a«k the indul
gence of the coyrt that I may give a clrcum-"
ttar.tlal account of the trganlzatlon of the
shipbuilding company, and the facts, and clr
cumBtances which ultimately led up*«to. the
action by. the Circuit. Court of the District of
Ntw Jersey In the appointment of a receiver. * ,
I concede at the outset that tfie facts are
perhaps somewhat complex, but -I ' *ave ar
ranged them in narrative form.-.nnd I think
that in a very short "tlnfe w« shall get down
to the real controversy between the parties to
this proceeding! I will therefore proceed with
tea analvsis of the situation as it is presented
to this court.
Mr Wollman — They hold every one of them.
They all belong to one man, .and they* hold
all of them.
Mr Pillsbury — If Mr. Wollman knows that.
I will accept It as a fact. I was not aware
of the fact that they held them. •
Mr. Wollman — I have heard that same state
ment in other fights — that they did have. them.
That Is really the fight between those bonds
and otber bonds.
Mr. PiUsbury — In that respect I must differ
with "counsel, because my main .fight here is
for th'e Mercantile Trurt Company, the stock
holders and the mortgage creditors.
The Court — All 1 care to know is what In
terests are involved.
Mr. Plllsbury — This reorganization commit
tee, also, which I represent, has in its pos
session and control a majority of the preferred
stock and the common stock of the shipbuild
ing company, so that it represents — I will give
you the details later on— about 72 ft per cent
of all the stock and securities of the shipbuild
ing company.'
The Court— All I care for now. is a general
outline of the Interests involved.
ONE MAN HOLDS BONDS.
Mr. 'W.ollman— No. that is secured, bj; a sec
ond mortgage on the Union Iron Works. Tiiat
Is iniDortant to know. . ' •
' Mr. Pillsbury — A second anortgage on the
•whole property? •• •>
• Mr: Wollman — Tes. • • .. ,
Mr. Lindley — Tes. the entire plant.
' The Court — And how many- ol those .«o you
hold? . * * . .
* Mrr'-Pillsbury-il wHl. suggest ifhit. I al?cr.'itp
reRent-the. reorgahizitibn committee o.f-th<» ihlj^
"cuijdifli? contpany,.vChl.ch.ha>-a<rtu'aJlx deposited "
-with iV fer .- tt'e • purpose '.of. reorganization
" i'A.'JJj.OC;/.. of 'first -"mortgage 'bond* out of- p.'
'total i*sue, hi $16,000,600,' and that'it.also has' 1
Qn..de"i*git -Vith-.it a ma<prjty of vMe- FOlJateral '
¦<ru£t' bcn'ds of fHe dri*ina'Hssue-of'$10.0(Xir^;tM).
l>ur of which . $8,000,000 only hav'e'*?en Mssue-}-.
. M.p. *Ycl]maii— iiow mach of.thofce cojlatejal
."bonds did..they' hive? -•• * '. . '." -.
• " Mr. .Pillsburj-iThe exact airfounr -I- Ho not
Tenon-:. I had a tfiltgram this morning that th*
t£oiount of first >rnortgage bonds actually de
. posited »Jt>r th^f ' committee wa> $!>.32S.O00.
; Mr: Wollman— There are $10,000,000 of -col- ,
lateral bonds.- a,nd 1 understand they are.
'fe'lM'denoslfed with that committee. , -. •
, -Mr. Pillsbury— A large • majority of . them >
yes. • There Is a first mortgage over .the* whole
property. • . . • . * * ... •¦•?-.•
."The Court — That la $16,000,000.- " " :..
"Mi.- Pll!sbur> : — £10.000,000, denominated as
.first mortgage bond£. " •
• The Court — Tou hive $9,000,000 of that.
,. Mr. Pillsbury — Tbjsn there is 'another issue
, ij-hlch cut* no particular figure •here, called
collateral irust bond's, which- I think .applies
.to accompany, otherwise than the Unl*n- Iron
Works- In* tKis district. .
Mr Llndley — The Bethlehem Steel Works?
.ti?n^«, ata'd.-als6 the 'position which he -has. betn
.frank* enough ; to .-state to me' In'- general piitlifte.
JmimjtOr tat«i In xtgard'to^opBOstng'-this^ppU-
-ration. • / '• •" ••¦¦-'•-.:• -•.-• -• .'--- ; ••.''.
MB. SCOTT TESTIFIES.
"What is "y«ur* official position in ; the
Union Iron Works, Mr.- .Scott?" asked
Wollman. • * ...•••'
"Chairman of the board,'-', answered the
witness. / ' • . .
.The witness produced acopy of a lease
between the Union Iron ''Works and the
United" States Shipbuilding; Company, by
which, all . the property owned . by ttie
former corporation passed into the pos-
At-the opening of the. afternoon sessio'n
HerrryT.. Scott of the Union Iron Works
was galled as a witness by Mr. Wollman
in order that the court might be enlfght
ehed as to the s.tatus oftheUnion Iron
Works.* " / ;' .
Judge Beatty interruptea counsel and
said that he would have to go by the
record when the attorneys disputed. He
said he would not permit attorneys clash
ing in court. He paid the attorneys were
old enough In the practice of law to set
forth 'facts, and not base tMeir statements
on hearsay. "
. Mountford 'Wilson crossed the room to
tell Attorney PHlsbury that Schwab did
not own any of the bonds. Mr. PHlsbury
thereupon set this forth- as a fact, and
Wollman took exception to thestatement.
He announced that Schwab had informed
the press of^New York that he was heav
ily interested. . . .
.SCHWAB A PRIME
Mr. Lindley contended th'at Ch.arles lA.
Schwab was the head . and ' front of the
reorganization committee and was able to
enforceany order he desired .carried out.
Mr. PHlsbury interrupted Lind.Iey to ask
how much sto'ck was held by the com
plainants, and the last named .replied hoU
ly that 'he did !iot apprehend that 99 per
cent* of a corporation could defraud one
per cent.
"Therefore,^ said Llndley, "I say it Is
entirely immaterial whether we own one
half the bonds or only $200,600; the princi
ple is just the same. The mere fact that
Mr. PHlsbury represents' a majority of
the bonds .don't necessarily deprive the
minority of the right to be heard." 1
•The(?6urt2-In'all the" interests? • i\[; '¦ -"j'-..V
.-.i!r. • \Yo!lnian-^-Eyef y inte;rtst-' th'at ' Is hfere
was.there." '. .-'. . -'• ¦/•'' \' • ••-. •• ', .
. 'Mr. Lindley — E'very'- Interest "tliatVIs rtpre
eented Iherfc* was "there. I.mlgHt £urther"eay.
that every, inlerest .wa's b'efote all . the • bttien
anclllary-.'coufts. -to .whose action r'-stiaU refer
In the course of -my' argument. • ; .- t ••'
- Not; If your. Honor please,- Tet vs c get-.at the
• facts. The United States "Shipbuilding "Cpm
pany was organized, under the laws' of- th'e
State of New. Jersey on June 17, l!x>2. with a
capital-stock of $20,000,000. divided- into $10,
000,000. of -common stock and -^10.000,000 pre
ferred stock/ It was orjjanizfd for th'e purpose
or. acquiring^ and 'subsequenMy dl& "acquire,
"the following plants situated -in "different
States: .The Union Iron Works of San Fran
cisco. Cal. ; the Bath- Iron .Works and the Hvde-
Windlass Company, at Bath, ife.; Jhe Crea
.cent. Shipyard .Company, at ENizabethport, i^."
J. ; the "Canda Manufacf urins Company, . at
• Cartercl,, N. J.;- the Samuel Moore. & Sons
Comijariy of Elizabeth, NV J.; .the. Eastern
SblpbuUdlng Company oC New Lpndon. Conn:,
and the .'Harlan & Ilollingsworth Company of
Wilmington, Del., .making a t6tal of eight* In
dependent plants' situated in five . different
Slat<js. : ' " . ; .
Jamrt Smith- Jr. .to. take charge •*?.*6e! prppjerty;
• of '-. the : defendant: -irr ..the-.VN'brihefh r - BfstflcV of
Cjali.forrila;- : : ..;. .'. >':;"'.-.••: •.'• ¦:>•,'/. '¦'si'-^ ::<¦..¦'¦• y.
-.-'-By- .dwrw^;oTr-th^:.^cw-.'Jei?Vy.-«6urt"-up<jn-'
pr»<eed'in-gs -. Jhere'- lhstlj^uleii -/by.- • these ."qpni-.'
• i/lainarits; ;.-. It -..*ai^adjudged 'that', the ' fJhUed'.
'-Stales-- -.SJilpbtjUUing-.y Company ' ivas.'-fpsolV-sntr
: tK4t its:!dlrec-torS-.had.-j0il8rna.n*ged llfr.-arfairs'
¦.and that^-recplvehshoyid- r 'be-ap-pjaint'ed-rp' talse .
charge bf.itsaifsets and' "aain'l nistor ; them. -'Xhis '
after a-n- ap^eararite. i>y t3i*.defena ; an\" iriA a"ni'
sw.er fHed ft'n'd^a'-fu'H -Keaning^efbre'.HHe.ceurt'
.ln->.ew Jersey. in .toe-haif.bf; all Jtfie-parties-in
¦ te):ested. in/lhe business .aftairs, at Vtfte .'Unffed
Slafsa .ShlpbuiWir/g '.<rompany.-.' AVr'bt "these '
lnlerf »ts that ¦ areVhere.-.represent'etf- Ke're'- repr'e.- '
sented. before. Judge-- KMrkhatritJc in New' Jer-.
s.ey_-. : !-...-... ••-*<..- • .-'.:.. .-:.
; :^H^BGi^i^^RU%iv'd;^SE -^fer";
.•FOREr-FfiliERiA LiUDiiErBE ATT Yl ;;
:Wa.nts : :.a/ Burglar} Arrestedv
;¦ A>- Bj'-iiVa.Jl; -Who -o.ccupres' a : ..-r.oVDm.- aioOJ^
•bolden; pate.: s£vd,n-ue,; i sw.qi;e' -to ;a:"c6m'plaln\;
•be.f-or^i i :3E»bll.ce '. •iudge--*<!!ra"baniss:-;yVs.te^dair'.
..cfiarging^".-^*'joh"n-. po'e!'.;'5vitii-;burg.lary'.-"-He.;
'.said-./fiii'iS/.'.ro.oiti^.'ha.d;-.-- be€iiri|.'V.e ; Ate're.d- / *Vo'ri'
: Wednesday- '^.nd..' • iyki . . d-jamo.nd • r.higs; .'. -a.
gold" watch.and--sti.ck/prij-stbTen: ;; .TChel-.wa^i'
.rant 'wiaS -.giyen • to- ¦.p.eteGti.yes- HaVperVanii
' Arm's trq'ng-.aiid ; ifH.e-r! :-w.ii;i--.'enae!avpf.. to,'lo
cate the^te!urgla'r;'S : ,->/-. v;J-;. •..:;'¦' -V/.v";"; 1^-
•- . iViENN. A.' - Juijv •' SJj'^eo.rumubus: .heayy ; ralis
.favniany.' parts' -of -Austria; kr"4;,'damaeing-.;;cf.pp'9. ::
•¦¦AJfead^-mbst'.8erious'flo<Vl8,have- caused, -great
havoc- h?Vths' jaegeratldprf': districts, •ot-. Sli.esl*.
;¦.¦¦ Jir.: : ..•vSdpt't '=¦ :Xtic.r\ ; ;J : prpduoed ...^ fal mtirc-r;
: .pran.dum- -iir6.^- : ln'g^ ; \tnrft";: th'e';:Uhiqn". -Iron;
'Workiiy-'hid; . - th.e J. f 'dilQwJng :% Gpyernm.eiit';
.; •^.ruisienifacoina.r -JV.^l^y^h'ip;.;^^,^.
: . armored^^ -.cfuiisgr^.Cali'fornla;: JJf,8(W.000i
.mored.:cruiser v " South'". 4?a:.k^ta : ,or.<3;750;000-;l :
pro te^teid:.- cruised: [MUwa^ukeev- ?2i825,0P0.'' ¦-.¦
.patty iin'-business--.'. in" ,CaLfir6i-nia?''"'asked
•Pn-lsfeury,":- [ir-^l" :.:."^>v^^'^:^i : . ••'.:.
-.¦vNo..sirv >: ".? ••:::¦ •-;:;v.V';-^. :: .v': ; -v-.vf •:'•".'• V-
V^H-ap • tlw. : Unit«dv.' States .'".Bhlpbulldlng
. C6mp.a>iy any : . psseist.-her,e ; \in-.-.Cafl : fornlB,
vHable;..tq:'be.'attacne^/.6n-;.fH.e. grb.und.-th"at
•it.'|s.'a/ fo'reign' corpiar.atidrt?''..'.-.!-*- i ../ •• *
'.. .'"r cahnot.-ans'w;er.that;qyestlo^.'.' / .*.'*
' -.VDo you- .know" ltl-thTer^', are Jany.V.dfbfs'
r 6wn.ed 'by. ihe'.Shiphiiildlng-, Company.- -(n-
CalJfarniar.:'-'' !-.•:•.- '"'. V.'.'r^;- '• '.-' ?¦
¦¦ '"Xpne' whatever.* 1 ' ./•.'.; ;^.:./". r -; . -'. . v
"; "Is there any nec*e9s"ity.' of .a Tece'Ver'.io'
•operale'thjs. plant"?'" '.: • ". •'• : •••'.;;' •:.-. .' .' '
. "'."No, sir."' ..'•* •* ' " ' .-•''¦'•¦ .'• •' '. '"'.
.." "\yould 'the value ?of. .the -properties' of
'tTrlei, "Union "Iron Works fee -iiftpair^d'. (f a
receiver was jio't appointed?" '• .'•':.- ."
. ''No, .sir/* ' . ..' •.";'-¦*'.. '•-.'. " •' '•
'•."Hqwr maiiy men" are- femplpyed/ by )tbe
.Union iron Works?"." • '.'-. •.* '•.;... .'* '.
• ' "Bet.weeH # 2500 arid: 4000 nion;' 1 . .- *•• :.. '.
• -The. witness, tli.en/stated. that- since •'the
absorption. 'of thejoqal'shipjjuilding' plant'
'it .had. borrowed $40Q,000'-to carry en" Its
Government' work.. " ; •.';;¦ . • " : ** # '
" I'.You were able' to 'borrow "thai sum b'e-.
cause of Its." stahding.'ln the community?"
••yes. sir:*:.' '):-¦'••' v- ¦¦¦¦¦• -I
."After 'the trouble arose in the East
•they •demanded security?". .* t . ' • .
f "Tes, sir." * • .• • ' . .•
"Then th.e. credit .of .-the Union- Iron
.Works, has "teen impaired Djt the action
of our Eastern -friends, in having a re
ceiver appointed; fci Jfew J.ersey?" •'
• ".Yes. sir." * .'
"•'Then there is no -que'stion that the
d\ebts of the "Union Iron Works can '-be
paid out of its own assets?"
"Yes^sir." •
"You have plenty of material on hand to
finish up any: work you have on hand?"
asked Wollman.
"Yes, sir.'.' . ' •
"You could easily run that business from
now on .without borrowing any money?"
"We will have to borrow some money to
finish up the Ohio.". .
the witness was asked what he thought
of the plan of the reorganization commit
tee, and he expressed the opinion, he did
not tnlnk it was a fair one. He thought
if a man like ex-Uriited States "Senator
Smith was appointed receiver, some plan
of reorganization might be developed that
would meet with the approval of all par
ties concerned.
. M00DY;S TELEGRAM.
During the examination of Mr. Scott
the following telegram from the Secre
tary of the Navy was read in evidence:
•' • July 28} 1903.
Hon. C. H. Llndley: "In -response to receiv
er's telegram, to Moody, . Secretary of Navy,*
requesting statement of department's attitude
for'use in court, , Secretary Moody wlred;Smltti-
July 17 as follows: . -'. - ,
• This department - has. not contemplated can-.
• cellng contracts with the ' constituent plants
qt United Shipbuilding Company If under your
receivership work Is pushed to. completion : in
reasonable confprmity of contracts. Depart
ment earnestly hopes execution of .contracts,
may proceed without interruption. If it. does
no steps of terniinatlng contracts are contem
plated. • V MOODY, • ¦'¦
Per. SAMUEL UNTEMEYER. .*•
Mr. PHlsbury provoked iat a state
ment made by Mr. Wollman . about . his
clients and he said: .
I don't purpose 'making . any defense of
Charles .M. Schwab Jn this' proceeding. We
, have nothlns more to^#> with him than wfth
Mr. Scott. We represent Mr. Scott as a bond
' holder, a man similarly sitilated. We ; jire
perfectly . willing;* to concede the -disasters to
tlie > United . States Shipbuilding;- Company, if
the question of Its control Is left • to "-Mr.
Schwab. But there < Is .another calamity that
mlp ht be ' almost ¦ as ' great . and ' that would be
to have. a receiver, tor. this property.
The case will proceed this morning.*
AnnMBP/' .,.'•¦ t a"-.
GO^EE^ENT^gpNTB^ACTS;
-.;: J ! So,Vfar .as.th'e'.IJniori'iran .^prks'.ls cori^ ;
;eernea therfi is'-rio "grpiiad ; ; f pp'tihe !^appoint.
•rn.e;nt"o.f ;-sc rV.celver.yb'ecaus'e'-there -Is In'q-'Jh-'
:s6ivency^";^riswered-^'6'tf.!..?%,> ¦••;¦: ;-?Ji .;';••
•'.'.'D^you -/think; it ?Brould.; be- deslribi.e for
Vhei.ihterests 'of. the . ttriion" :Iri)h ' Wpriss to
hiayej:. a- ire^eiy £?¦:# pppi iite<J •?**'.. > ; Jr -.; .' ; • • ¦' : ; •
? ;,The.' Tease ' ; was-'.read;.
• and jintVoducedr -iar.ey ideji'c'e.. consid;-y
erfttiori: ¦was/.$l??;$ir-r^° ttst^ t^---* h^^^^^
-Rtoickhcrlders'
.'so-i^- ;their' st'qek. ; tft : some' ; :6h.e:-.and 'a'tiery.
buUding: ' (jomiiany- ;>wasj'^ .the:. • purchaser. ;
"Kir/- Spott said "he : sO;la" ft he rstotkvowne/d" by.
p i m'sellf; and' ;.bri>tKer ; .tp- : Lewis-. Nixoin,' jip.'
: .sai'd-.tHeVa|pppint.ni». L ht.*of .at' recretyer f.6f .the
.ton'ibn .vlrqri; Wojks'/.w^s;.;ia"nTiece'ssary^._.a«
! the'corpdra'tlGn, .wak^sol.YC^tj- Me «dmitf.
• teld ".that, .the , ajsppiritnierilt ;"of, ! ; Mr.- '.Siivith .'
: as7r.cceiyer.-wbuWi i .be. r *p.eriec^
to. '•hirri:^ -;•"¦ Tj'^ii}^ "^':;K ; "••' i ' ; . ''•¦: •'.', '".'•¦'.- v':
¦¦¦¦ VICTORIA; ..Bv.-C. ", -iJuly -'31.— Represen- :
. fatiyes ,of .a South Africstni railway
cate 1 have c b^c.n-ih .Victoria ..'inquiringi re-
; gardi.ng the pOssibility-of securjiig,. 3,000,000
:heinldipk^;raiiway^tl'es.;.for/Sputh; : Afijlcfi
.faHway«, ¦'<&) which';. 900' 'miie's '_are:;'to be
1)uirt;^t::onc€.>' ..:¦:•.-¦'¦¦ ¦'.¦¦:. v '-y x ;- .'¦ ¦. • '' '=. y- :¦ '¦.:'¦:
.Railway :Ties. for .Africa.
, LIVERPOOL, , July" -31; — The Dominion
lAr\e. steamer' MayfloyVer. having' pri board
th.e 6xford-Cam.bri.dge .golf team.'.. which
stranded .' yesterday on.Jea'yi.ng Mer
sey .for Boston and- was. . refloated,, ¦was;
upon examhiatl'oh.- found to be' Rractically
u-ndamaged- and.'resumed'her Joiirney.,thls,
afternoon. .•..¦'•.¦,.•:';•'..''•¦'• '.'• -.-' . ' ¦ .' - ' : .-?.-
SteameriMayflower Undamaged
Girl Who 'Married '.Chinese ;Cb>)K.;Eii^
• .... j°ys- Wedded * .Bliss •' but ;
• ¦'¦'•' ¦•'.:•'.¦¦ > : Short Timi. : - .'y : '^:^;'\' : jy
;' Annie Watson, .a 'pretty halt 'AmericianV
.hai'f Chinese girl, .^h6..;qri iJufy ID of last
y.ear marrJed\Le'ong'. glng.'a Chinese.«ooKV
'died' at the-home.of 'hir rhoi"h'er, '726.1w.as"h>
ingf on .s.treet; ' yesterday../.-.;.; : . ;'"¦''• "'.V!-' l -•_.
liAtth.e time- of.. tn.e. marriage cpnsM*!f a VJ^
.wasVsaid.of.tiie: affklr^.-^iiss AVa.ts6n.>bqre.
,b.ut;..^cw.'b.utwar : d-.: traces i -of • 'her'.Chirieae;
. blo.od .- and-';alyaysv dressed /tn^A'merican
clothes, •' -It ..was' tfie-. ambition ;bf ••
mb tjief,' who :1s. jstfrftej .fci.-haye; her-.marrle^.
: tovprie;bf lierjown 'nB&anailfiii?.rS .''t:':.'-'5;''--- :
¦-On^. day.'" Ann?e • .¦dis'a^fe'earied- .and': '.the'
'. police-. f eafea "sTJe tiad ..been- kidiiltp'edO; T.wh.
jd'aysf-l.atVr.sh.e'./wasvd.iscoyer^
•on.."eommen;ial'. : strect.dn.V'c6m
-Mpng-Srn-g: 1 .afl;d ; th.e i itw^lw.efe-:^
/baVidt.and wife. .by {lif* %6yafd.thr|Be;'.daS-s !
iater.-: .> :^... ";.'":: JV-*-,';-.-:*;-'^-^'-.^' ¦'•¦':;• ';¦•¦¦'] '•? : ['\'
:¦"', .Sln'ceSthe:n;Ta.he' : :liyed ; "wtth Vh'e'rv njd.ther,"
/and'; tt-prn^thy- flatter's ' Jio.me . \h.e::fu.ne'rat
: .wi.li r'takp'-.piace ¦6Tj\SUrTday'.- *'p.'- ' >.vr.- ,\ J •.;...
: - :-Th'e ;giri: w^i'ff bu t^is.^years^of age. ' '¦ '• : ". .'.,'¦•'
PRETTY //A1TNTE -.WATSON ". ; :' .'
' . ' ' • EXPIKES' AT.'HEkrHOME 1
¦„• President «Olcot$ ot the. Orinoco *Navi
.gatlori"Company: a resident of." -Njew.Yofk,*
Is also "having trouble-'. In. Garaca'sV The
qorap'anjf ha^s la number" of. cra*ims..aga'in"st
'the 'Venezuelan* Government, "an'd ; Olc'6'tf.;
•accompanied «by an attorney^of the.yni'ted
§tat«s; -went-'tor Caracas to' eTnaeaVor--. to
•seciire # a Settlement: He, poiigKt" to.' appear
"•before the re^iilaY' 3udjciar.tTlbunal»i.. : bdt
ifouh'd himself-" embarrassed -;at Av.ery. stepV
and, J' finally " it- "was m.-tde % iniposslbk! "for :
"him to^E^cure tn.e-.servlces. jof .•a'V.eh'eziie^
'latii lawyer,'. It is' feared', fhat'-.the.
' wdrk of 'the' various' arbitrations' now ':sit
¦ting/ln*Caracas will be rendered- nugatory
hy this, ahitjude'of the Venezuelan' Go.v->;
ernmeritj- '<:/¦ I •". • V .'"•'•. •"' ".":'?¦ v •/.-
f*. :.' ""• . • • • •
WASHINGTON, July. 31.— Semi-o'fflcia!
advices "received 'from, reliable .sources
throW light dn the com"plications < existing
"in La Guatra incident" to .the trouble b,e
tween tb«e Spanish Consul* there and the.
Venezuelan authorities. They /ilso make
it appear . that, serious" trouble 'in'.Jthat
quarter, fs pending* because"."pf *the anti^
foreign" attitude o*f .the Venezuelan Govf
ernment. • According" to these advices the
Spanish "Consul referred to re^qjjef ted the
privilege of app'earing ' before* a tribunal
wh^ich'.: was examining the claim ..of a"
Spanish subject against Venezuela!' 'Jle
was* punished "by" the. Venezuelap Govern
ment.-' The .diplomatists' report. tMe'pbiv'-,
ers in . Caracas have joined -In. a. pro.tVst '
¦ against. -tills "arbitrary proceeding. *but".so;
far if," fs not** thought tHe *Governmen.t'«
'•action has -been reconsidered:"- I ...-"" ; " "•
, . .JJr. \N§vitt says^'in»hl6 reports* *
, •. Stringent •regulations, k* to* thVsale o^xar-'
hollq- add should', be. -made .and. entofced. I.
¦believe that If this drU^'.were' ijot so ¦¦ easily;
• obtainable many .persons^ contemplating", suicide
would" be deterred- .from their " p>rpo>e' "long"
•enough to eflett .a'ratjonal change of tlieli*
mlhd--. and- -be.- Faved' fr'pm ! self-de"structl£n. »*jf
am "of .the ¦' opinion C-tha't '.this drug should.be
s.oi;d* only; on prescrjptlon..ef .jji phs ( .slctah,* '• • .
• ¦THe v :cj>mpi : et^i;Ust. 'of •suiefdes .a r nd. th^
VarjQUS- -means- eniploye'tf'follow's: }. .* v /- •
:,'<5u^Eh9t :'.\'svqun"ds; '15-,V carbdlic]." acid
p&fconinV/lii hangingv^rilluminatingigasj'
*i icuttihg % thro:a1tV;.2; -jamplng^;. aroVriingJ
.3:. cuUing Wristl. 1 ;::ppium .poisoning. 1 ;• lr«
rlt&nt-,"p;ois'6n.ing. .i; .'bichloride •'•' of. mer
cury ',' i.>" ; Totaf,.5e; • A ; : -"' i-". ' . • • . '. ..
• CALL. BUREAU, ll(W G STREKT, N:*
V., "WASHINGTON, ".3uljr> 31.— A start-*
ling, increase" in the numbed 1 of suicides In
Washington this yean pver^previous 'years
has pn- I. Ramsay. Nevitt,
District Coroner, to incorporate irf hia
nual report- a* recommendation.* that niore
stringent 'laws- be^ enacted to govern ttie
sale of° carbolic acid. Use of this poison
as a means- .of ending^ life, has ; bee*r>* . al
mqst as common 'a"s the use .of re^frolyers.*
DurinA the twelve* months ended Jiyie
30 * th«r? were "fifty -deaths in the . Dis-«
trict of Columbia. . by suicide, against
tlHrty-two in trie previous year, an in
crease of -7(^ pe/- cent. Pistol Shots^ # were*
the favbrile means of .stelt-destructipn in,
both years ..and 'carbolic acid -came next
in o'rdcr."- .-•- *.* • *. " _¦' "*' • ' . . .'''
EDecial bh'patch t6 the Call.
trary Rulings. ; •' >
Diplc rnat s in Gara oas Jo in in
:." .Protest Against Arbi«*
TJrg.es • Strinfge.nt Law. Qovt
erning -'S&1« of L; Car- :
. ' . ': > b6lic -Acid. ' I ';¦ '¦¦ '
Disiirict; ". of • Columbia
• '•.O.OTonfir Makes Spe-. .
, /• ' 'I cjal: Eeport:' " — '
Foreigners ..3Find\'- Atiti-;
tude of Government .•¦
'}, '•¦ ;i's Hostile 1 ; '"•¦ '¦¦ - ; .
EXPECT TROUBLE
IN VENEZUELA
SUICIDE MANIA
BECOMES MENACE
Affairs, of Jt^. -Shipbuildir^pQmptny
• Being .^ir^d-THfrpugh rthe.'-Effprt. : to , Have" the"
Local ..theVhferids ; of & Receiver
FINANCES OF THE UNION IRON WORKS
U N D ER DISCUSSION IN CIRCU IT COURT
7
•X ." ': . . '• AiUJSEKEENTS.
~~~~~ — ~ . 1
Slngleside
*: # *'•' • m - • .^— J • • • • -°
•Vr.'^ '¦-;">;— 7- A^D THE^; . '•";
¦Lm/: stake §m
SATiiRpAY and SUNDAY
'g£Z*£A[ujfrj % ahd : 2.
" ..'First: Rundown on Satucday." beginning; at 11
.a. m." sharp. ¦ Sunday Coursinr will begin at
10:30 "«harp and continue (111 last .winning flag
goes .up.- • . ". ' • .' . " •; v
TOTAL PRIZES«$93p.OO
.";" •. . *rHO^IAS TIERXET..'Jud«e. '
r"« .- EDWARD .-SHORSTAG. Slipped "
.:-•• Mat in.be* to-day.
.".• ' SECOND WEEK— EVE|tT NIGHT.'. -
- , .BATMOND AITD . CAVERLT .
•And Our Superb. New York Company in ,'¦
•The;'?jew "Whimsical "Musical Eccentricity.
UK WALL STREET
•Ttto Same Production ;as Tsed Cy th« Rogers
Brothers at the Victoria TJneater.
.__-.-.•• . . • • New .York.
V'NEW SONGS. SPECIALTIES.- ETC.
-.' -.Next— ."IN HARVARD."- -
.' s .. . PHICES-;25c.- 50c. 75cy " •»
; SUTRO JHEIGHTS. •
THIS . AND* TO-MORROW . AFTERNOON3
".AND EVENINGS. August 1 and 'i.
, ¦ PERFORMANCES—*
."•*'•* Monstej Testimonial to
NANCE 6'NEIL
Who Will Make Her First Appeaxanca *«
* . . * "ROSALIND" In a Magnificent
I Production of
"AS YOU LIKE IT."
* An Unequafed Cast. Including
James J. Corbett
As "Cnlrles." tn« Wresti«. .
. •• "Reserved Seats, $i and $1 50.
- On Sale at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s.
General Admission. ° 90c.
THE THREE KUHNS.
Hl^h*Ctass Specialties Every Afternoon
and .Evening In the Theater. N v
Inspect "CABARET. DE LA MORT."*
VISIT THE
POUND AND ONE-HALF BABY AND HI3
* COMPANIONS
IN THE INFANT INCUBATORS.
THREE BABYTIGER3 IN THE ZOO.
Electric Fountain Display To-Night!
ADMISSION. 10c; CHILDREN. Sc.
BASEBALL!
PACIFIC COAST LEAGUE.
RECREATION PARK.
— — EIGHTH AND HARRISON—
CHAMPIONSHIP GAMES.
THURSDAY AND FRIDAY. 3:30 P. M.; SAT-
\ URDAY. 3:00 P. M.
SUNDAY 2:30 P. 51.
LOS ANGELES vs. OAKLAND.
LADIES* DAYS THURSDAY AND FRIDAT.
Advance Sale. 8 Stockton St.
pnUpa DONT FAIL TO
I dlatw 8e e the beautiful
- -. COURT Lounging
51 tin '* room, the EMPIRE
OllU PARLOR, the
. r . - PALM ROOM, the
II n II fl LOUIS XV . PAR-
uiuiiu LOR^ ud the LA .
U . t DIES* WRITING
Hotels room
. /f'. : y : ;'-.y^foffi
• .. . \ I Thip .picture; sho>ys> Hp^t.lic-V.
;•. .cojjar.* is 'Cat ]out- .oii' 'each?side' ';
tp'yalldw '-for adjusting- "4 riecfe.-
•.tie-without- springing 'thp.'colV^
"lar opeft. ': The.' collar. icpmes •'
. close, tpgether'ip front", it keeps. .
' the tie. iri* place and yo'u-dori't."
.sec the cut-out: part.. "^B.esides •
.the tie is retained just over the
. putton,* which* is also kept out of sights '
• Your summer" comfott will Ijc increased
. if you wear 'one, and- you'll thank 'us
for the style. Ihfalers sell them.
• ; " 'Cluejt Brand,. 25c each
. * 'Arrow Brand, 1 5c each ' •
Cluott; Pcabody & Co..
6 visit. DR. JORDAN'S great i
iHUSEUM OF ANATOMY)
i Gfe lCSlXASXXT6T.>tt.etB*7ih.S.r.bLi
\ Of * Tbe t*x«e»t Anatomical Museum in the V
B .11 i3B •'¦! '¦'•'"' l ' < : Wukneues or any contracted m
V 1 f=ipH ' d>""« p*aitl«ely raroj by the oldest V
• FB. S b P cci *" st on lhe CoMt Esl 36 years. Q
iI§P DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
ijm Cotnultation free and strictly prWatf. \
I iS^t Treatment personally or by letter. A M
1 fw CT Pv*\ tint Curt in erery case undertalc in. T
VS 111 Write for Book. PBILOMOPBYafJ
I g nV MAMBIACK. MAILED FUBB. (AT
X n . y, . valuable book for men) . \
V on JORDAN A CO.. 1051 Market St.. S. P. V
Jf^| - Those sufferiQE from weak-
m& nesses which sap the pleasures
¦ ¦¦¦•¦; of life should take Juven Pills.
'in One bottle will tell a story of
marvelous results. This medicine has more
rejuvenating, vitalizing force than has ever
been offered. Sent by mail in plain package
only on receipt of this adv. and $1.
Made britS' originators C. I. Hood Co.. pro-
prjetors Hood's Sarsaparilla. LowelL Mas*.'
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
.¦ Reserve "Tour Seats To-Day From 10 to 4..
. JSTEIINIA/ZW HAL-L,
'•-. 223 Sutter Street. \y -¦-
I-arKe audiences greet Tyndall. Fascinating!
Instructive! —Marvelous! ". . ''
J^g| ¦st^^M.cilll " TEI " EPATHY: Lost
9b 1&Sb%Z%L *2 With experiments In
;V On tale 'at ¦Box 'Office Sunday., 7 p. m. ¦
. V BAY EXCURSION ,
On Steamer Columbia. Sunday. August 2. for
Antioch, San Joaquln III ver. stopping at Ben-
lcfa.-. Lunch served on' steamer at city prices.
Union band. -Large space for dancing. - Leaves
Washlzutton-at. wharf. , Pier ' 3. at 10 a. m.
• ¦'¦ .ADVERTISEMENTS.
ABSOLUTE SECURITY
- Gpnuine' CARTER'S LITTLE! LIVER' PILLS mast to
•-,:.;•: ; .Fac-simile ..Signature of v^Lw^^f
'jj$mm .VAK 1 UrC <&
. • • >^p^^^^^^ Absolute ! v CurcP H a u isbEbs
. /J&S&zjm biliousness. . mm ...«»
J3&Z@mA SICK HEADACHE: Iferj fj \f BaT O
* " TORPID LIVER. iggi » W Stan 1^
./ffljS \l\ FURRED TONGUE-piJ «-.- g g jf%
• MM m INDIGESTION.
*il '* Wfcl CONSTIPATION J||;| 7 B
» .-• . /. * SALLQW SKIN "^*^^^S^™^^^^^
; : Th«y. T.OUCH the.g^i il tf t& Ifl • Small Prlc*
'*"*• r Genuine' Wrapper Printed on '. *^p •• .-^ — •
¦¦'/: RED. PAPp?* BLACK LETTERS ' yj&r^JZg^^^S
AIiGAZAR^-|K
. I Q^T;^<^iAYr^^NIGHT^U.Nil>AY. •'' .
¦!''•> •"!•" ' Y'Last' Appeara«j?3.'of ". • SJ-'? '' '.
>y^i iqiTB :Wti ixtjLJBSp %
i--~ -.V 'inr-Hajl Calne'i Jitter^^Vorki'^-- % .*-*--.
.;EvVs..-25c !_.tof^ : jhurjs, &"^at:". 15? to. 50c
'. fCEXTs AIONDAV-^Iiast- WeeTt but. '.One "of '.the,
'¦• '¦'.:¦'. ".-.'? '-" ,: XTtolttleaey. Reason, • .:. <£ .-. .-.:_• .';; •
I 'K '¦/-. '. .-'I THE . BtTTTEBFtllSS., •; "•: ;\ W
-¦•'/' '¦'¦A-'-belish'tfUl Modern" 'Comed'y.'-V '¦••.•¦;
• • CT-Waf ch' for tHe Gwsatest.^f Rih-al -.PJays.' .;.
;?. THfe; .DAIRY EARMg-
•¦ ;.': : '•¦'¦: . ¦ • . * M ATZifXS T.O-DAT' ¦¦¦¦¦ '•' '• '¦ '•'• : - •
:-' ' ..;¦•¦ ••:.'-'/ .To-niKjit^-JJast . Time, -..-, ¦\::'.''- . : :^'_.
.'And iier.'.eompany.'- fri Clyde Fltch.'s-'Plaiy 1 , '• .*
->-B>jjrnnin^".NExf MONDAY." Atft:'ust : -"3-^-;/;
: - "".THE ¦.CdMEDi'AN yOU-.Atli KN0W.". r - ¦•- :
a; ; -:-:EZRA\;KB^pALlJ@-
i .' ' ¦'' -In-Hls- Great. JStaril<i*g;f Comedy' • Success^- .'
liHEyiN|l?IlU«
-A-jLlpense. for 'Laughter/. Seats. Now; Ready- ;
¦'mat-i see ; .Tet p ay';'- s^vf urd'a-y; aug.ust-j^
•• ¦ .Parquet;; any 'iifcat;-- 25c';, Balcony-.' .l0c;-,-GWV
¦.dr'eh.-'.any-parjt-excep't .rese"rve^l,"10c.- •.".' ' *..*;
VAP^VAJJDEVILtf!
' Mine^-'Kbnpr&h;;. -'Jaaa'es. -J.-"- Morton ;•
, v : /iiicart's ,", Pbgs*' ' -aLnd;.' iMonXeysj.
• \and-Corbin .and the. Bio-.
"f " <gra.Eh'i' Last' ti^itfs' at -'Claude Gilr,
'''¦ '..aiid; ' Company; ;, .EtMei
•,-.,• Le'yey ;>*Orpheus. .Cpiiiedy. Compaiiy;.
'¦'¦ '-.iFour and :the. Three Polos*' ." '¦; /- t.' •'.
'.' !-•¦ • " ; s6uy£NIR MATINEE- TO-' WK ' .
¦ ¦ W '¦ • - ; - ¦ ¦-.' '--I>AY\ • : .• ..': . : I 1 •
•' .-•'-•.. •.'••¦ S\--D.ramatl<f Trfiimpl?.-.'; .
17 C ' '"-T" " I«i.-'W*»KOJJCO. • iCO.' _J *
*|«1 "Pre'serfing'-'Gerievieve Halne"s' . TO
• " • ': Brjtllant Society. Drama:.': ,.
.: .HEARTS. :-APX^LME.'. ' RQ
¦ . >Vlthtfle m66t-.brllJla*rrt:Sta?e '.
• 9J5' " • '- effects 'ever- seen.- ' ?5 '
•¦ •*-**.¦ . Ta-morxo\^-Nrgh't-^-"'Janlce J \
" "• • Miredltlh 1 * .the .Greatest • ol-
" ¦•Alt' -TueSday EJve'nlng. -Aa-
"(rust ¦(. Ea»rles f- yig;ht.-. -Seats ¦'¦¦• ¦ •¦
¦ B-" Nb*. on : Sal*.' • "• . ?•" "." ELg • '
the^atrDI
¦ 1—~ — >— — '¦*• ¦ j-r« — ' " ¦ . .' — •—. — ¦"•
I I Y UJLI HOUSE* .
EVERY. NIGHT and "SATURDAY MATINEE.
Second Week of the Great Succesa of
.CAMILLE D'ARVILLE
*. In Di Koven's Comic Opera.* •
"The Highwayman"
Her Special Engagement Has Proved to B« th»-
• . Event of the Theatrical Season., t
¦ ¦¦- . .. SPECtAL CAST.
EDWIN STEVENS In the treat' -part of
FOXY .QUILLER* Arthur Cunningham; Ferris
Hartman, Edward Webb. Annie Meyers. Bertha
Davis, with the Tl volt's Superb Company and
Orchestra* • *' *
POPULAR PRICES. *. .-. _•. . .25c, J 50c, 75o
Telephone Bush 9.
CENTRALS
Market St., near Eighth. -Phone- South 633.
TO-NIGHT— LAST TWO NIGHTS.
MATINEES TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
The New York and London Success.
"A LION'S HEART."
, With ¦
HERSCHEL MAYALL
And the CENTRAL STOCK COMPANY.
Intense Heart Interest! Thrilling CKmaxea!
Brilliant Comedy!
nnircc evenings lOc to 50c
rnlVCJ MAT1NEPS 10c. 15c. 25o
MONDAY. AUGUST 3— Edwin Arden's Fa-
fous Russian Drama. "ZORAH."
Now all the nhows the city knows
- This gay burlesque surpasses.
Each star has- more, hits than before
More Jokes to -please all classes.
The Rainbow Dance will you entrance
The songs will all delight you
So don't delay, but see this play.'
. To Fischer's we Invite you.
Fee the Great Combination. Bill.
"UNDER THE RED GLOBE"
: ' and
"THE THREE MUSKEETERS."
Our "All Star" cast, including . Kolb • and
Dill. Barney , Bernard. Winfleld Blake, Harry
Hermsen. Maude Amber. . . T
Next Production. Monday. August 10 — Quo
Vass Iss and The Big Little Princess.
i^tB^OP^ t STRONG&CO 1 i<gg^ L
P >PATENTSl J)
MARKET bT.Sf^SST
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE . DA MIAN A BITTERS. THB
Great Mexican Remedy: ¦ Elves health and
strength to sexual organ*. Depot. 323 Market.' BIRMINGHAM. Ala-! July Sl^-Cydney
Ring, a negro. t\*s hanppd in the jail yard
b«r« to-day tor the taardt-r c cl Ode Byron, a.
•«« «mvict. to July. US33. . - -
Several'tot the..Eastefft'tenniS.: «*rack.s "are
expected to conie 'west* fa.;c'omp:e < te.in the
ccutet- charfa'pio'nship.- tour^me'hts'°-hi Sep^-'
tember v 'The -four ..^la yerij. * T no.'.Vre;. ; exr- 1
pected are BeaJsvW-rJg_ht;..-"\Vard-,-j Ware
and Cloth'ier .'.:¦ '.\Vrfght';.'-. Ward.. ;ind • War^.
are among. the-bekj players ;'iir tjie. -Cbun-"
try. Wright 'ranks, .thifd; Whii.e", Ward- and.
\V-are are° th* -'3 guiles .•«h"tfmpions.... ' Cl©th> -
ier. also- ranks' in" th*..flrst."ten;-.:-ii-;ih€se c
players ''are] here jn'' September, It-- .is":safe
tj say tbe'cdmi.ri'R r iourname.nts.> ; iU.be-thi
greatest ever held "on Itlie coast.' The East
erners would .und'oub*edry""sTfceep-'..eVery-.
thing before them; bur, nevertheless the
local players would .'like' tb have' them,
compete. They would "play exhibition
matches also in the California fend.fcark
courts.. After playing here they xiiould
y> north and play in Orego'n and BrHttsh
Columbia. • • . * •'
The Golden Gate Tennis Cl^b will .hold
a class singles tournament "on the park
court? to-morrow. Owing to the limited
lumber of courts available ftfr' tourna
ment pl»y only the first and fourth
classes will be run 'off. The second and
third classes will be" played .one week
later. ... " •' •
Immediately after the tournament work,
v.ill be commenced on the two new .as"
:halt court?. °. 4ftfe|
Plqy in tlie first cUyss. to-morro"y is. ex
,-rcted to prpve mucfi more interesting
iban in the class tournaments held pre
i iously at the pack. Several, new players
have signified their . Intention of taking
part. The first class will be divided into
¦.•9.0 sections In the first division • will
be Htrry Weihe, Will Allen. Robert Whit
ney and Grant Smith. These four^wfil
play from "13" back isl scratch. Th« re
maining first clacs men will play from
s-cratch. • They " are Sherwood m Adams,
Ocorge Baker, . Harry Rfluth, '-Charles'
Dunlnp.. Ge«-ge/ Bates. • Clarence Gclffln
:nd James. Code: £
The nineteenth, annual -tournam<^its' for
be Southern -California ckamplonships
*•. ill commence Monday* on* Ihe Santa ijfcon
<-a courts-. Word "haE n been rpceltcd that
Champion -Freeman- wfll in alfr probability,
not b* { on .hand to' d/fend his .titles..- }n
that case Bell thou^do succeed to thf'iji
rithout any difficulty. 0 Bell, and T"re«rnan
are easily the best* pjayers'jn .the.-sou"th.
With Freeman "out of it the" aitad£ wouW*
be cut and driedf"Xennls.-dev6tees :: are
anxious te. see t anotb*r" ; match between
Freeman and Bell. ".The la'tter won three.
Btralght sets ffo» Freenwn at „ Santa
Barbara. Borne ar.e bt the opinion <hat
It was' in the nature of. a fluke. A* retumi
match woiild settle the" question.* It* is
possible that . Grant .Smith and. . Harry
Weihe.' the local experts, will play at
Santa Monica.'. It will be .definitely
known %o-day whether 'far not theywilh go.
TCeir.Pr^.senc6{4tChimpi0^shi^Tottfi'
. :• - aamerit ' 'in September •: Would; '-'• -' »
¦ . "' > -•-. '¦, Enliyen'- -ttie ;:Pla'y^. • ¦/¦; .'. ¦; " : ,
E ASTETLN . TENNIS. ', EXPERTS • < \ '
- ' .;:•¦ > \ \llAYy .^ncsiT \. : TKXS; ¦' COAST
YACHTSMEN
CRUISE ON THE
SACRAMENTO
Sau$aKtp= Tars; on Tryp
JJ pi R iVjef^: Qori h tb ia n s
Wijr^tart. Next Week
I .'•'AST .Saturday.- eyrn^ng. the flagship
I . '."• •ni'etis'.of.the''^n JTrandsco o Yacht
1 Lh c . <nubi^ Accexripamle* by the |loop
• S»rprise.".rtart'ed frem SajxsaUto on
<he aimuki cniise'Vpthe SacramentOoIUy- :
.'cr The'-'fioop- 'C'hjaiier^er made a. itart
car;:crfi?"the c day..:.'*he V.a^h«.mad6 Val.
' iejo'a£iii^ii- aha" W- Sunday proceeded, t.9
Rio' vista*/."' 1 •"•' •-'.' .'. ,'•: ':.-'.'. ° • r
During' the. ; past-'-.'we"ek-".*»_e yachtsmen
j have -beyn'-enjiiyine' tljcJuseJyes at Co-nrt«
1 land. -'Watov^.-'GcoVe' aid;:- other "» places
sUonJr^tlie"- river'---, to-day- the sloops Ariel
and ;= ¦Queen;" .aid- poB&ibly.th^-.Juani'ta, wilL
' proceed j6'\Vaii i ejo;..Snd cO -»lU jjoin .Xhe. other
••yichte vip'thVirlTitr." %t ts : brepos&d toje : "
S^^S^^pfcMMittpe9%I>»"KSlr?«? into
the- -EJtn ' Joiyfluin: TO 'yer ; 'antf; drop ; • anch«f '
ftrr'ia-' night ¦ at^^-An.tl.och, ¦'-¦•¦•; •' : -;; : : " : }• ' " _^
'-'XV /¦ G< 'Ho'rxp'wr* ;siooj> (Chill en^cr .will
¦ be : ;at- ;Vailej6:..er.:.'Mr^e^ Vl^ding ¦«*•
.-nighi^Ct-.'wiil^icitl «P *pr x^oorings- at
Eaupalito. ' ¦to^mon'oR':. : : Tbe. : " resC .of. Ihe
qJffit-"«^J"«i^tt-"*e^»"?tiDtv^|fiB|e mbofin^s
¦iii ¦ Sa^ur^ito 6n Sunday;, thle ..StJviiisl.- No:
. events -'are 6Pt- down ori-.-.Xhe. 'pcheduie .of ¦
..the- Ban.FrairciscQ'.Yathi Ciub:...fbr; to-day.
t^ndorrci < w''«'r : : for- jSaturday:~an^ .Sunday ..of
npxt- week:--'- '-:-X- ¦;¦¦&''..: ¦•/^}--VsJ>v^'- ['•£<
.- This "cVcrtins the -Corinthfeuus will cruise
' ¦Jiridge:"- They- ; :tn^ir. : .nioor^
fri^s-'ai Tl^ur.«sp .t.^marr6w;/;;I>«exl SaLtur
day'lhe (annual .1 cruise 'rUp/iih'e'Sjfusramiexttp
Riye>:.wiUVfeesin vahd/ wip ;.one'
wcclc ' " *• *** **-'"¦••' '-"¦¦• ¦-¦**¦• v.-- "• c •'¦¦" *' • * . c •¦ *
. ¦ .•Tp^a>v-'a*d'.-.t-b]-WbrVow'-.-,aJe^Open."o.i»" the
¦pfpgramme-'of t'the'Callfornia. T^J 11 Ctub..
' - The. ;:.h jcriaicap : -Vacc > h.eld • last;- Sunday
though, fit', brbue.htr . pu;t: only ; f our_ : bo»ts;
¦ was'.ai "close'' and : At' the
Etart: 'thfc' .'flasship : Idfer ' Obtained the best
po'si.tidh;. ihe'-tllgtira. iieing^close; on = her.
tjuarters. -and \ fjainfrigv: the -wind
v-ard :pc^rt\6n:just;^.fter';thip; starting line
¦¦¦%**£.'/¦ "crossed;. ';.Rftbent -f Vincent's - lola
• cro'»««| •:• third; and'. C: :EJ;.C;ar : k.'s Gypsie.
..'•nhich: hk*- crossed ,'tqo- poqri Vand. • been;
ute %«nd^'.|hto^itH^";:*^n^j.' :^fi!er i "the
¦'.'¦:..'¦ V-'-^?*%"-"-''Jv>V ; rt-r '.'C?:~. ''-"¦¦
• . It: ACas \a-i>lp^t. PUtv '%<*, Jh«;flrst ¦ .- inaTb'
.'a5airisV-^MBht.^b^»'^lbi!.t?i«4pt:-n4?t °f
VLe. floo<J "J^tidel'j I Helf 'an.; -tiour, : after; th.e
•ftart the/ tWe .'began; :tQ-Vebb;rand;.th«;
breeze. -ha. Vib^ .. jgrovrii \- stjrong ° a' "considfer
•afcle j^".^a^'-'sbon.-"lcick'eji;;«'^:;'.'';The.;:flrsX
•mark v ;7ris;l* thfi. r J .Urt-ager, : -..dyer.;;Bl65spni
Rock, whlcii.;' :i the. - rbuhijed:- fri -the'
• tdllowirig- w;rae"f.:.".-Joria r - Gytisie/^fil^rlmV
Idler./; >Vith sUecis casedl joKtik rittle;:;th«
yAcht.8 . rje'ach'cd 'along the "water . f font" .ur>
' der ¦ ..wofliirig- -jsaiils, ]¦ vra.terBaXl&-}ifiri&- 'top-
¦ sails, ta' thel'next • -mafk;' .'Mission. : ftpck:V ¦.".
'4^-'tli^-jrpa^^td}i^jc£tt^^I91siinv-t^i.
Ioia ahd Gy.psie-.maihtaaned.-jth'e;.'8anTe po- ;
sititfn a^.ih roundiHe'-BToBSohT-'tto'ck; .3ola'
finished-, firstv.'. folibved- Jay-..'Gypsip. •^d!e^
and pUgr.im 'irt't'be .'.order '.Jri ..w;hic'h o -t.h'.ey
are named. ;.. Aftec.'; tirne'.'allpw'a.hceg /had
been rtickoned pilgrirti : veorifir8t\djid .G y.p-=
sie peeapS^'tS^^:^3S^.^yn^>^Ep^\mll.
lola lastV'-," ¦:¦¦.:%'='''. ~'i **-¦"."--* : r : •^••¦•', o ;'-: •
The tsiesi- : truss '.for. 'the- new "*h-airenger:
being built .byXtheV:C.or«thian^^ht i ..CJ.ub
has reached. iWstiiyih partis -an/1- uil.l be
ra pidly. * put I Xo'&eitiet --.aiid-'. in', jpiacjec v .The
hull of 'the -nfw' boat ,b:as : '.b'eejsf
a nd she .Wil :be .ra6nched.'aj. ah *art y .di>\
It wilf -be •.pr*«y/;iaie..ih <he .sieaison.,' -h&v-l'
ever, before'-the-'.chailehger."cah''ble ringed
and tuned up in re;adine"Fs'-for.ik-hardV'racfi. o
It is :
Of the 't)*ffr
measu'renicriM Bo-as to tie eiigibie-. tii.Jcorn
pcte for the trophy prcshtea:W'&fp Thpm_
as Lipiion.; to/ iM».;fean . DJe.go Tacht-!ciub,.
and *tha« -tfee y- .-wilt: isair next- ¦gjo^ijta south
ern 'waters •tb.'tVjr"''^ " v lift-;ih* : :coix"; : :T.h»
¦^<»B^^lL^tei»^a3^'^*b»iptf^^-^iifju»g*
f>.o.T!thvat; : p.resent,'.'but>they.;are)^
• to -meet: .ihe .'ripgulrernehts- of -the deed ' at
•gifV.;- ¦>::- ¦: V;:r-.:::;v'. v ; >v^-'; "iV .-,/,:.-: >V;-
Tibv^nySaijbratQ Drop
: M udhoqks kt.Pet^l u ma
Dravybn dge • Tbf N i gh t
PHILADELPHIA,- July 31.— The French
steamer Le Lion, from AJlcante, Spajn,
•which , arrived to-day; h"ad orr : board- the
shipwrecked crew,- twelve In all, of the
Italian bark Vermont, Captain Mariano.
The Vermont sailed from" Marseilles on
May 30 for St. John, N..S. Captain Marl
•ano says his vessel's ballast shifted and
she '/capsized on July 24. during a terrific
gale.' When the.* vessel w'ent over the
crew clune to the side* :antfi were • In an
almost : exhausted condition when ; sighted
by~Le Lion on July-: 27. . >^ESB8»I£
Rescues a Shipwrecked Crew."" *
Boiton f.lii.£.. : .;\.y{.j M ..: 1*'}*5 . .*
N* w York . •* • /.• .-.- • • • • - • »* •-:.:.. ?. > 1 "3 - 2,
Batteries Williams .and" .>Io"n»'h > " Matthew'
¦otiiand .BoweT/oan. JL'jnplr^-EinsJjle.* •,-; . •
"ST^'LOUis.. JuIV. A.— Rawed ' fleldin* • bV:
Bratn rfna.McF^rUnd -»aSr# to-f1ay>--.gam«"-t )
PhtsbuxK. Atfenrtanc^,lS0O: * Sfloi;*:*- .• •'"•.•
. ...-*• ' •" ... '-•' Vr." H/-E..
?t. Lbufs.: U'-..V.,-:... R..^l :;.*4-
Pl^tsburs •••» i. .%..;»«.».»".•• .. tfi, t
• Batterle»-*MeFarUn<J an«T O'ffell:' Falken
b^nr. Philllppi. Smith Jia<l Weaver. "X'sn^tf* — ¦
O'Day,. " • .• .* ¦ ' i . •" '*
pftlLADELTHIA. July M.— Brooklyif • Va»
defeated to-day *rtnclpally through th« fln«
pitching, of Duggleby* Attendanc* SOO. 8cot«:
i 1 . B. «H. E.
Brooklyn , 1 5 O
PhlUdelphia ....*..... • 3 7 3
Batteries — Rrldy and eJacklltsCh^ Dviijle'jy
and Doola.* Vm£lre — Johnstona.
. • NATIONAL.' LEAGUE.
CINCINNATI JuVjt 3f.— .Lundgren pfbved *a
eaay proposition * for jCtndnaatl to-dayT S»
retired after the fifth Inning. . Wicker did bet
ter. • Ewln* was not hit until .the ganft was
•ale. -Attendance. 2300.... Score; ; _.
andnnatr.'..r-.v:.-i-*..."<.^^.:iO. ' : J4 -2
Chicago: .--.v. : -..-•*"•¦ ;...••.'•-* * •" \O
•Bat»erie»--Evlng ".aSicl-. Pelts;- X^Aa«T«P.
Wicker. KilngancP.Ranb.' . ¦ ? i ; : .;V ..
BOSTON J.u^y--81.-T r W-Uilaip9-/ Boston'* new
pitcher. •h.e'ld.'Jfew «Yprk • jd.owh. t(f .three>.;jilt>'
to-rt*y'a'nd ttbme.team 'won.".*©0tlr plfthJ
ers ; w*re.*wtW •'and Matthewsgr.is- sh-rtrbm!nstn
Iri'thls-reipect were -cpail f. ' 2QJ3O:
Score,.,:,:-' Vk^lfe-.V
Vv CHTCASQ. i July- •ar.^thV Jocarsi."Mt'buj *onfc
hit - s oft;; Jom: aftet, t.h«'/ »ecoijd I •inhtr«,'- •VFlihetty
yery. eJr^6tly#ryVyntir.t^. t^f.fftbr' Wffen '
tkf. WsUort.pouHded: lilni'«jir«'i>ffojir"trm/s''aiul •
?cored thTee.'tuns; .-afier --t*o;. pieri-iiJtd- -b*ea'
:^;%~ : -r /¦.;-'¦> S: : :'-- : '••¦•.•.'^K'f-vvrV-^: 5C:^ r^A ¦'-.
Chicago ¦:..;-.: ,:y^y. ../,.>•, •*¦: -r,-'T '
Cloyeland.-..;-.;.-. ..:i. v v.. -i -...-ii- v .':-.-.-JV 10 ¦ • *•
: - JBntterte*^--FIaljeFty.v. ". inci =, McFarland i- ' ids'*
and Abbptt:..: ..-'.V' " i -.•-.. ';/¦•¦:¦':.-¦:".' •••• •-. ,r
: : • ftBW. TfmK..7niy."k:i,fh«Vhoni«.'ieam s A>sW'
the.--.nrst os the .Be'rJer--'frotri*-.Efalla(Jelpni» -t<v
day, yClriffltti .was '»t- hi»-.best;-»n;d. JKe-Uii'm
.p«il8 found Win. dlfflcBit.'.". Attendance. VXXh
Scpre-:-^. .-'; -."-.. .. . . v -" •.;•,¦• _ .~ • • •* . • '
•:••-' ' ii ' - - ... ' -" '.' " ,. ' • '• " n. 'Va. e. .
N«Mf York...*:...;. ...-.,_.?.-... ...3 - iq • "a
Fhlladelphl* '•..:.-..'. — .%.•..•..•«.'.•... t.:". 8 5
•Batf«rie JF-iftrlf flthVoind Bevllle •* Binder • ati;J *
Powers: • . . . ' . .
WASHINGTON; "July. 31.-l*iter. >tro«Hns
for eleven inning;* to-day'? gams wia called
en account. of "darkne'i* with the >cor« 4 to 4.
Boston had the better of the'hlttinR and profit.
ed'by Washington's "errori, but had eticht men
lef I on oases. Attendance. 1450. Score : * .
•. . n. . a. t
WaahlnjtQn * ;,.... *.' 7 '3
Boston :.i.." ?. .%..,'.. 4 11. 3
• Batteries — Patten and KUtredge: Dinecn and
Criger. • " •* • . ••• .
.ST." LOUIS. July 31.— Thirteen St. L6m,
play.ers went to bat 'In the -sixth Inning an 1
five- ' singles a double, two triples., a fclftrar.d
one error gave* them nine "runs and the game.
Attendance. 2460.'" Score:
....'••"•• K. H. E.
Detroit ......... — ..• ...M 3'- 13 • S.
?t. Lou!« . % .. "..-:...:,...• 10 .13 2
Batteries-^rklsslnger. -awl McGulre; T***
and Kahoe. - • ". ..-.•."
Piiblier' InytQcibie;
BUT; jO^V^T^vaFP j JOSS ¦•-/•: ; ; ; - {•%*
¦ v^:;:// ?-^ITE5/ kitQ^i VlOTSrtlKI
.Chicago ¦; ; A^b:.er$ca9 .;. ''¦.^.ejim
;. v-^-Findil/tiie /Crack; ¦*¦
Sunday, "the 16th inst. is an bp"en dati
on the schedule of the- California -Cricke
Association, and on Saturday," the 22d,"th«
Alameda team will visit .Santa Cruz. for i
match against the eleven there. "•¦ . '•*'.•
. 'The : stamdlng";q"f- th'eJf.Qur .'clubs for the
penriaii.t is-as follows.: '.Alanieda'
club" has ¦ played 'is£veri- matc'hei;- -winning'
five, and ;loslng fwp', ten 'points', th^ "San
'Francisco-. County, club "has. pla'yed six.
matches; .winn;ir\g- 'four)- -losing/ 'one; add
drawing one, [nine- points; the. .Pacific'
cricket club has. 'played '. seven -'.matches,
winning two and drawing one", five points.
If the results were worked 'out In percent
ages thoywould be- as follows: Alameda
.71. San Francisco County -.73, Pdfiiflc" -.35,
Santa Cruz .00.' .'r*; '':''.'-,: '^- "-- : .
It was agreed between .the captains' of
the Santa Crua arid. Pacific teams in the
match at Santa Cruz last Sunday to play
after the time, for drawing stumps, if
necessary, to finish the game. Had Thom
as of the Santa -Cruz eleven not been
luckily disposed of by a good "catch Jon
the part of Watson the Santa Cruz team
would almost certainly have'won. As it
turned out, "the Pacific team woh'by the
narrow margin of two run3.«.A. similar
finish occurred in 1901 during the* visit of
a team of city cricketers to Lake. County.
At a minute to the call of time the Burns
Valley team lacked only two runs to win,
when Harold Richardson, then of the Pa
cific club, bowled the tenth man with the
last ball of his over, winning jhe inat£h
by one run. . . . •
.- '". The' -Pacific. el.ey en : ; -will, -b^ : chqseij. f rq'.m
th'e'-f oii^wjmj: ":H < . & Casid'y.'-^.captain ;-. Ai;
Vf. "\yiiding-, -F: A v -'Berihl.o"n- > ;-^y;; Petherick.:
E. MY^nf^¥i^E^jTi^f^^V*i^T' °-
N^ Taylor;^ & ; C T . Y;i'Willlajn8on;. \Yi G>
Fbrtniann, -H. Fv Elliot." 'H< G.' MaCartri^y,
TAJ p..'..Bo.wly. M'.. JSV.StoiTs;, Jv J^iTheq-.
bafd:.tina .Wir'Ja.m'ieson'.. ' ... j. ..¦'-*; ; . . "•
¦fzl^j •¦iriorrow^^rt d? 'guJte I iikeiy; that
the tlps.e^oi^he^matciiVtfiey; will-. be' th;e;
leaders fn the -race' ''-tor. the> pen.rianlof
TheVSan";FVaricis;eo;:eouh;tyrrepr^
. .^ill. * V'Haniid; B. • Rl'ch^r.asqn;- captain Z B:
K'qrt-langy ]e: -\d: ••Sromari;.= 'i?? 'R-- "Vyilk??*-;
;Johh^,;.H'.: : RobeEt9j;.;\y";.\R.t. 1 '?/. B.
Smith;' and: M-.'lQ.' Ross.:;;- ,.. : ' '.'¦ '.:• ; . : JL;i ¦* : -.-~: v.
•ni 1^.. HE'Slnf' Frahc'iscV-Cp^ntyVcrlckJ&t;
¦2 W-'i "eleven . : - wil j! .m.ee.t' "-the -V^ci fici. •"; teacqi
J .'I -v oW the' cricket. field-: it j Alamedk ••. to-;
/; rj/&a h g^e r^ idf ;LIp^i h gltf
V/l^acj" i fePentteri 1 -pa^
..; . . r ". eallfo'rhi^ r :bids-falr . t^' Jbe/eai'iTfehtly
• EU^cessf uL. ;. '-JJat •' only . ' wf 1,1' .a .'-large ¦"nifm-"
'ber- oj r -'au'tQ.md.bili's{s" from.' &an .^Ff^ncisco
¦ fake partMh. tjie cuVi.to pe_l. ! Mot)te-:ahd''.irt
•the 'races "and. 'contests.' to Vbe. lie'ld', thftre/
oft"JIHonday' r .thet"l{ith7 inst.'.f. liiit'; ;mariy
°-m'otOFists'' : •fTQm-\''A'ramed4 K :"S'ah.'- JxJse'.'.-anci :
other iHacesrwlU. al'sq'bfe p'n^ hand. '^- '.:••„'
. ; Nine. -handsomp.. prize*, : a,ll of •••silver. % .qr.
qf_ -cut : . glass 'rriourited-'.yi'ith '.¦'siive.r,' haye^
'.been "jOfferell ';to^._ jt-he" -¦ .e-yentsi- • A- •.few
¦chang.e.8^ have. ¦;. Wen- -'made- •iu'/.the l.p'roV •
gramrne a'«.af -.first- jdraiv'n''up. !\T.he»* open'
rice, for 'auibnip biles- of .1200 --oounia ••of":
u under: '-will tieyfot/.two'^ rnil£s--i'ns.'t'ead. of
"th'ree;'-'a.s .' a't ' (VrsJ sta.t'ed.o ¦ .Unless" three"
: or ".m.or o e --.starters' -abpear!.' Str ttre.-- fiv;e-mil& '
'onen -event" -for. rnachin'fis'of'-twenty -horse-"
¦ pdjver- or under' it- will -.'bje '• Von^olldateii
with the. fl.ve-mlle : exhibition' 'race against
.time. '•The'trpphy .for -this, event la. pre
sented by *F»' A/'J'acobB- oX the National
Automobile Company.- An extra race has
bfeen -added • to the programme. This" i^
a-" five-mile ; Jhah'dlcap ; for .owners ex-*
cluslvely,- open to all machines. No' per
son connected in any wa> ; "with the-auto
mobile industry will be permitted to com
pete (n this event. The prize is a silver
trophy -^presented by L. P. Low«e. .
The Board of Supervisors of Marlri
County has amended it's ordinance-regu
la.ting the use of- automobiles in that
county, ..the amendment having taken
effect on July 27. P. IT. Rockett, the
chauffeur, .who was sent over to San
Rafael' for the purpose of violating the
ordinance . and getting himself arrested,
was discharged by Superior Judge Len
non on' Monday. The Judge, however,
Mated that the prohibition against auto
•mobiles. traveling on .the county roads be
tween 'sunset of one day and sunrise 'of
the next is a proper police regulation and
that he would deny a petition for a wr.it
of habeas" corpus made by a person ar
rested for violation. of that clause of the
ordinance. On the petition being denied
the petitioner could appeal to the Supreme
Court of the State. The Automobile Club
has -for some time past been desirous to
get the matter before the Supreme Court
and will b« able to do'so shortly, rfither
to.the difficulty has been that tho Super
visors -,did not f ra'me aif ordinance for
violation of which an 'a'utomoblllut, affe.r
being arrested, could be held.' As t&le
Judge,* -when the case .came up for hear
ing, discharged • 'the prisoner, there were
m> grounds for an appeal to thefcourt of
last resort. .• . * • . "." .
•™^.^'E*iWo^r.'tQyriianT[en i fc;.ta/lWib'"p'lac.e
.' I : ' Va't"'-P-elf.'5ibnt i e.'^.nder:''.^h«./insin*6'*V
;•;¦ ' 'Vme.nt '. of/.vthe'-. Aiat'omoblle; Glub^iof
Mariri G6ju nty0rdjjiiance
? / ojf: Ho par £iag&
\V 1 h V e r rso of •; iiast Yeai r/S
; O(ia m pl6 n s Ki p t<> (VI eel
)t SahARranois^cp Gounty
CRICKETERS
PLAY MATCH
AT ALAMEDA
Large Atte ndahce: I s Exr
v •bileOrub^ourhairrent
MOTORISTS
TO MEET AT
DEL MONTE
FOUR-OARED
CREWS RACE
AT ASTORIA
LoQ.al RoWi rig C I u bs \Vi 1 1
• °Send, Tyyelye Barge
nieh ;aWd One .ScuiTer
SACRAMENTO
NOW ON THE
DOWN GRADE
!A .'ng'jje j s i in No Dan ge r
. ;ojf . Being $ Overtaken
v .for th% : Ti nip /Being
NatipHa.U Parjc "Will: Be
; % -/--F*ut-} in Shap& Before:
M&sivrt'- Comes • Carrie
Cham p iphs .of A lahrieda
,^ ; ; -artid^ iCrews; ;:Choseri
'•¦ --/AftW "•; < a" test VW 11 &o
•^^¦HE.e.ajifOrrita drctilt for.-the.light
¦-, " I . * harness.' horse's .gives. pro"mlse "o.f
•;' |. ;b'eing/a /marked. *ucces3 this year,
:"..'¦ -coatriiryVtipV.the . iexpettatWhs"' t of
.".•.¦.:. •..¦ho'rs6th;en eatllftr- In- the season.'
T'he'cuttlrrg. qff -of, the State '¦apnrop'ria'tlbns
for the •.various distript'f airs* was expected
¦to- w"ofk.'ir % rep'afabl« injury -to th'e i. trqtt'ers.
'and pacer's. : -The. racing howeyer,
: weht aheaid with ih-elr arrangements, with
t'he.'.r'esul.t^thayhigh-cla4s-sporjt is •prxjm
3sed. -.^'°' '¦ -."• ,¦-'•'•¦•¦"•¦ '••" •". .- ; ••.'•:¦;¦.¦¦.• ; -
'• RaclDg-will. commence at yaiiejo_oh : the
13lh. ih$t:, :when a,. three-day rneetlng' will"
tie* pro'moied*. '."JdpreVthan: fifty horaes are.
quartered .at the track- aHd new ones are.
arrtviwg e.yefy "day. -. During- the 'fdllo^
irfBr w«eH the-. Gran.d'-Army of th'e 'Rep.ublip
-will be" ijj." "this City -and '.there -wiil- be'iio
circuit -meek , Racing" win ; boresumfed .at
.Petaluma'.: 'oh i'th.d: r26th° oinst, Hnd'eri". th6
T?a'tronageVof." the' Pacific .Coast TrotUhg'.
Horse, Breeder's' ; :.A'8Socia4ion.' .T^erevwlH
be pn'e.'sta'fee ,6f ~t2O00',-ope of J1500," another'
of- Jl()06;an'd-8eveVal-at «SOO: •"¦••.-.•.¦ • °
.' The.two-ye&r-qld division of .the~Breed'
jsrs.^-"$6000;'-Futurity, wil^ be .trottejdC 'and
•paced, for iKeflrst tlnx'e,. '¦"."."'» '•';" •
••¦ "Aftefc" Peta"iaina .the scene wiir s^ift to
Sacrameftto; 'where -the-Stat« Fair .will- -be.-
In progi-ftss f0r o tw«-wee^s. The"rje"wllr be"
two harness, races each day. Pleasaftfon
•will follow, with four days': harness 'Fac
ing; 'Sa-linV.s'and'.HdfllsteT will give, srnajl
meetings.' Lqa Angeles ..will x ha.ye! 'three,
weeks' racing', c'pm'mcncihg October.- 'H.
•f he harness. division will have two.races
each day" . : - "¦ • ;.;• o .< ° . .'" •y-:]':\
¦: Aniong-.th'e promising horses'. In training'
Is.^6n-F.r ; .2}22^a bay "gelding,*by.Bfadt
moor, biit'.of'a Stejriway.' mare. -'H« .is"
o-wnctf'-by | Lee • "Calmer" of Walnut Creek •
ari4 Is b.clrifr" o traine'd'.by Fred 'Chad-bourne.'.
¦Ile-.has. .woVked.'- jri '2:11 at .Plea§'ante-n.
This IS not ¦ considered .-the .lhnit of -his
*peed,':He.is" well e'iitered ; lri r^ch .'stakes
throughout 4he circuit, ••'•.. '•
SE&MENTAL GUN - GIVEN . •' <
Wi ' • SECOND OFFICIAL TEST
New Ordnance Hurls Five-Hundred
*•' 'Pound Projectile Par Out £;}.$
•• • • to Sea. 'M : \t:&H-
NEW TO|VK, July 31.— Before Heuten
ant General Miles and other members of.
the board of ordnance and fortifications
the 10-inch Brown segmental wire-wqund
gun has- been . fired ;agaln on the Sandy
Hdok proving grounds.- It was "first
tested in. 1901. Then the breech block
blew off under the strain of 29,000 pounds
to the square inch.
•In the second test, # loaded wlth'an
amount slightly less than tho service
charge of 150 pounds of . powder, a pro
jectile weighing 600 pounds 'ricocheted
far out to sea. j Following this there will
be. further trials until the maximum
strain has been placed 1 upon the piece
and one hundred shots at least are fired.
Except for a slight sticking of the breech
block," which, it Is "said, .can be remedied;
the present trial Is declare* to be a suc
cess.
Construction .of the segmental gun was
authorized in 1S97. So far it has cost
the Government $33,000. *
HE ; cliase af tej-i th^' .Vaseball'"- pen^
'¦•¦w hint: goes merrily*- on, ;WithoUt..atiy.
[;W "apparent"* change • in' thje : -reiatlye
•- .-.¦¦>- '.standing of the-..-cJubs. -.-. .This'. ; w"eelc
the iArrgrels -kfe Op. "against -the readiest
game ; 6ave" encounter e.<i ;iri- a" lojijf
time.;" The'y are fakmg- advirrtagef of; the
eifuation-.'by.' 'increasing their lead r -".tll.i.-"at.
(he* present:" Jime they- am safely . put .".of
.reach; of .the other- cliibs.- for sqmt weeks'
to' "come.. •• .*,: "'..-'! •'•''..-• '.-¦:;¦. : :
I Ix. Js.ha.rd for San Francisco, io 4.6. much
li ihe-Way of increasfng- Its "lead .with th : e
present 'crippled .team c now'-in'the -ileldV
Uncle's ¦ men hav& done-' well considering.
tb^9 facf that.two'of ihte' b^ st .raeiTare =out
of - th«' running. Theft they, have^encoun
teVe.d=a stumbling blaric-'inthat PertlaV.d
'team..which is playing the game in/cham-.'
plonship f«m.": If 'the '.locals: .brostk-* everi'
'Mi .the :north they* wilK be-, doing Better
than Is expected of .thejh; •ah.d by. the time'
they Have" rounded -into -fbrm ¦a^galn.they
"will probably toe able and ready, to make
.anotKer- bid for the lejadlng place. . •*
Sacramento" poems to have hit. the tobog
gan wltn a ilhai ot force.- The Seattle and
"Portland teams have;taken many a hard
fall out. of Mike and -his followers. Fish
er's bunch have dropped Just 100 .points
during ..the last month, and for the time,
being tfcey will not figure with the first
"two teams. . • j . Si.'- >£c
' Shay* and "Lynch, who have not been
"aole to hit a thing on the home field for
nearly a month past, 'are simply .murder-
. ing the- ball in the north. The'y are. get
ting to all the pitchers, with comparative
ease. \ Their b'attlng has been the feature,
of the game's played at Portland In the
last few days. . • ¦¦; :'¦'¦ * ]
Hall of L/>8 Angeles has a big lead over
all the other pitchers in the league.
tVhalen was pressing hhn hard for a
time, lb«t as Jimmy has dropped the last
(two. games in which he has figured, be is
out "oft the going for a time. Hall has cer
tainly been pitching the game remarkably
well lor a youngster: 'He has the best
record, of any twjrler who ljas appeared
here for many a year. .
The- directors of tfie Pacific National
Club Of this cHy ann.o\ince that wprk will
begin* immediately on the Nkith' street
grounds, and that the fence is to be
moved, back, .[so that the grounds will be
r*ady..for action- when # the te'am Returns"
here on. the- 26th lnst. * Seattle and Spo-I
kane ;will eacK play. a series of games
Here and at L6s. Angeles.. San Francisco;
and the southern team will finish the sea
son, comes \o &' o close - on October 1L
¦ - i\ ->ey'erivrig>ji)V -.the ,-regat'ta . cqmniitVee
#7\;.;Qf J tjie VPaciflc "Association of. .the
•'..%.- .Amateiif Athletic. UnWn,- the;-.pr«»
pds^ls <?f .-th,e *6nTmittee '4he- ninth jgjar
nual- Astoria, .acpia tic -carnival, we're'-' dis
ca'ssed-.--. - ; . •¦'...'' •':':•' °- ° J*:-'-^f •??*•
. . As .the Astoria xjortimltt^e- dffe^a. accom
rnedTation:. ancj-'t'ransportatlo'rl for fou'r
teen^men;. it- was 'decided. .to send , three
'6arg$ crews .of/ four -men e°acji| a single
sculler -'arid ' 4 ¦¦'swimmer." Co.ckswaifis for
Ihe- |>arges will -be- ."picked o up at Astoria.'
IC .\?as- thought • better" to send three
barge crews than two", • as .suggesied by
the Astb.r}a*' ennimitteee, for.'.as the bajge
crewS hav« -to. corVipete-- tbgyther,- "two"
crpwk, .'after- pne.-" trial of .'speed', had- -bee'n
hel$,c .woulif-.npt'be'rab.re.'io ,ejccije. mUcrh
fnterest. •.¦.¦.•¦'.;.; .'<¦ • ' -. '". .' ¦ . " : :':
• . The holders* bf.;the o s?ni6n--baFJge cham-.
plonshlp. of. the. bay, the A'lameda cfrew,
will ko .to. 'Astoria, a'rid two 6ther crewa
will !be '-chosen from the* Dolphin'Boat
ing Club-,' the "Ariel and South End
ing dub's andthe Olympic .Boat Club. On
SJundH>\ -the • 9th . irist., crews .from the
four! clubs -named - above' will row over
the old Mission Bay course. On the same
day 'the regatta committee' wlil choose a
single B'culler. Inasmuch as the "new
barg6 owned by the Alameda Club and
used=by Its crews in the July 4 regatta
on Lake Merritfis much superior' to the
boats' owned 'by the other clubs, it • will
not tie taken to the Astoria, regatta. o The
Alameda oarsmen are quite "content to
row In the racing barge used at the 1902
regal'ta .and feel the" contest will be ren
dered. more-ev«n hy adopting .this course.
At "a meeting held at th'e boathouse at
the foot of Chestnut street, Alameda, on
Tuesday evening, the . newly elected of
ficers of the J Alameda Boating Club were
ins talk \j. Thj> meeting was one -of the
largest ever held in the boathouse, fifty
two members being present. The Ala
meda- Boating Club has purchased -from
the Naval Training School on Goat Island
the second barge. formerly owned by the
Pione'er. Rowing Club, which was re-;
modeled and put in order for- the use of
the cadets. ' . V , _ *
The directors of the Alameda Boating
Club jhave made* application for member
shfp in the National Association of Ama
teur jOarsmen, having learned that • the
aquatic .events at -the St. Louis Exposi
tion "will be, under the control of that
.body.* It will be advantageous ?or clubs
intending to send" 'crews. tQ compete ' at
tjie 'ekposition to become members .of the
national association. The "Alameda Boat
ing CJub was a member "of tlje National
•Association" of Amq^eur .Oarsmen - some
years' ag.o, when there was much talk of
the lbcal oarsmen Breaking: away from,
the Pacific Association of the Amateur
Athlatic Urflon. It Ijas since allowed its
membership to lapse. '
BED PAINT IS USED TO
: . COLOR XJJIBIPE TOMATOES
•Pennsylvania's Food* Commissioner
Reports a Remarkable . ' •
. • ' .*. Discovery. " *' •
, PHILADELPHIA, July 31.— State Dairy
and : Food Commissioner* Warren. has an
nounced that retail*' grocers here recently
have received among the orders <or
canned £omatoes packages which upon
close examination proved, to be »a miscel
laneous assortment of vegetables. Includ
ing a few green tomatoes and red pajnt.
the whole* having the appearance of ripe
tomatoes. Agents detailed to Investigate
found" that red paint ,was used to a great
extent In /coloring: worthies* and unripe
tomatoes and that* this coloring matter
was used • also to give a ripe appearance
to worthless canned vegetables of various
**«"*- '«— amiamtmaaLmSmamm Hrtimrwim'ni
7ffpvem«at9> of" the Angler's.
Trout cflshiqg Is. reported good 'on the
Truchee at B6ca, Florlstan and Verdi. J.
B. Kennlff, I*. J. # Tormey, David :Sachs
and Mr. Ashland* leave to-day f *r the
Country Club, at Verdi for a week's fish
ing.
F. M/Haight will spent} next week on
the {Sacramento .trying the angling at
pirns, Lamoine. and Roseville. .
F. 8. Judah spent last Sunday at La
molne 8 with Colonel Kelihor* The latter
has been there for three months. The
eport is only .fair, at present, but* will be
good again in September.
! Trapshootexs 4t lugleside. '
-*Tha regular elioot* 'of .the California-
WingJ Club will be held to-morrow at the
'ingleslde grounds. . -•
The" final shoot of the Goldos Gato Gun
Club '.will be held at Ingleslde on Septem
ber K. . It will take the form of a big
merchandise shoot. ' .
FAS^ Yp^CER: WHIGtt; 1^^
. ¦ RJenzf, Tounip Fearless,, fair -Plar.- Thetis,
Ferhbrbok. Bdnnfe Hughli', :M6unt . "R^ote^v T*l
lbwfalf.,' • SllevenaiHor) . ' ; •Mortty', . Musk. .- •' May
«empst'ead ¥ . Brtb, R;- Old Ironjiidesu'Fanh. .TChite
Hat.-:.HaphazardV Tefohtb,. -L1HJ* JdefcyV Golden
Rale, 'Bella: -Upyd. .-.Aiirtet. ;W; "H6nesf John,
i?eal Paihar.. Piker.; XV-hlske-y.HniirJea^Gaston
geta :S «pmerBpy;Hvifan :0Tad yi ;-.pforr>pto;
ilanru. : Royal FrleHd-,r.:Br«ht: fortune'. .' iUs's-
RromnifL- ?o;aJa,^.-5:ukdn,.: Sskiytiu-^- TfobaaOrf
Bob;: General Dewet, BJack FHi*H, :Haddln«6n,
May .FIiHih. /Pasiha .PJeasant. - CresWlck,; "Slrenv
TQUns .Buck. Medley; .Remissp.; Aninioi^ > ¦??*
; • .The .first ' fduild - of W 2;i^deg' puppy-' s,take
»nd-of;a.96^di9^-open staie'-wiil .bje- : run.
to-day, at- Ingreside. ' Tlje- flrgt -brace' fit.
dogs will go v to lh> silpa at 11 ' Q'cibclc.
The likely, winners in the open: stake look.
to;bie: .; *'.--¦; :y .:i-- : -'\: : ;-:'\.-.--, : -'r: .'¦¦:;¦"¦ :¦'¦ •-.
: ' The spd»f.at -Union" "Coursing' Pack to
morrow- wiU-.be provtde.d'bjr.a'frl-dog. opje'n'
stake.; '-. in wiiich' the entries "kre-.evenl^
matched;;.- The -lijcery- .wlniierj? ipoja . to. ,be :
•' PresYdio fniY '-.Moorf/. Real '• -Art li\<>,
Ameriisai MajihittariKin*.". Ruby
bef Ankles, S*mpronlus;. Rector.' Otto. £ij?le •
Rcckleaa Acfob4t, : .Vlkinf,.fielfai}t.-Brav'8 HHl;'
: - Beauty, Sylvan. .Sflver. : Heels." False.
Alarm,' ..Gambit.: Jack. -Short*.' "Mickey.. '¦ Tree,.
Rasrgvd- Actor. -Lent* Braz&in. Reno-; Red.'Ilock,
Fair : Tr&lee. .Flaunt, - Barise,- Xib«rat6r,. 'Rehe
. trade -.Apache, Game :-Boy.,". ; :' ; '-_;:.. •¦.'.-.• •.
:.• R.'Ik»ng hfSj^urcHasied Ot.tle 'Bister ;an.d
Mount Rose. . from ' .Frank SlcCoprb. flM*.
tie ,Slater ; . which is.Jby'.Etoin-. Pasha^Pride
of "the Talley,' -has^'the. w«nd.erfulV rec'qrd
of having; won 'twb.is.-dog- stakes: tLOd-. one
l^dog .stake within one" monto.'. '• •••"•'.•I. .'
•.Mv j;- Pierce; has.-bbugfrt.'el6vefdale.'ati,(l
A'lgy.-. McDonald, front /Mrs, Seggersori'. -' .
-¦•.P.oca'telli.-.'.the-."- : cofning-. chdmplon.. of
I Ameri.ca/ la- rounding; in td fbtm'aga3n.and
will soon Ve .seen -in .compefitio'm.. /-¦.- !•• : ' :
: -The. regular. atSarferly -meeting- -of^ the'
Interstate Coursing- ,CluU will be Held at
Pythian Castle on- the -12th" Inst. . . .
.1H..M.-.A: -Bjirin^v an eht&uslastic -cburs-i
ing .man, -who iiaii.spe'nt*' some, years in-, the
Eas.ti'is/d'gafn lii-Calljbrnia." 1 He -retairri
hli.interesf. !JiVth> sport -and' will ' p"co.6jaMy
be represente.d- in" some pf.fhe 'big stakes
..this. -winter.' '"¦ .» .. > •¦;.'¦'' •' •>•.'. • !.* 'V 1 - : :*v ¦.-
"Cluh, on the'pupples listed, fo^.-.thta,
year's. Futurity, <x> be run earjy hi' Sep-..
tembelr. o There wiil be no further declari-:
tions until the' night- ol ihe draW...-'rt..Di
•expected .the,r& /w»lll be feVfcbsentees/as;
the majority. of the puppies, rite .In •hard*
training a"nd" -are- thriving;."" . .* •. *""• '.;
*.Th« 'names "of the^ following Aave^bfeen.
registered . with th/> California^ •Co'urslng:
Committee-- ' Kocklin ' Boy. lMcVeyv%Pfo~'
•gressii,. "-SJolmtain ' • Poet, ' . Beauty' •" -'jGidloV.
Fancy • Free,. .'Ploughman/ ;Ca ! pl*oi-\-'GJri.
•BacTamento O^ass,. Dart. A'way.,. 6ierrsr. "joo"
Round; Wild -.BUt. -ilf Am.Jgo;/ Manhattan
.King, Queen's. "Motto.' OtTr.- Motto* Cremo,
Cubahola,' Frjee .from •Ffa.w, • Coots /.-Fafr;
Ttalee," Minnie - .i[.orgaii,*:-.Gunnre,''»'Iri3h"
Jjeui arid Boots, >• v\ • S-s »i .'. !VJ«« : V' '/
. Fifteen -hundred dollars will be."* a .* de '**t*
the •eniry-'fees'and-fprfelfsV The pinner
.wHljVreceiVe^f orty.-piar ]eep% : ' of * ttfe;- .total ¦
•purse 'fuid' the 'Tunner^up jTCenty
•The b'alante; wlll : .be? apportioned -ad' tha
nominators may decide on 'the.rii^hV pjT-th.e,
.'draw.;- .;" :•.:'. . • •'¦:¦ V;.:. .'.' V- : -.;'. -••¦. V\
. • Kearney,- Neb. a , 4s te be '(he s.<Jen© ofihe
Mississippi' .Valley- futurity thls;yejuy The;
jadded 'moneir i^rlli ; be 1 . J65l 9i "JSJecon* p4'y
rneint: was; nfa.dejoli.VlS2 .'puppies i "as against:
:134.".last : yearL-.-;It' Is; expected -123_ydiinff
vgrey-hounds -will' go tfoifthe? slljjs: -This 'great
riumber indicates- renewed:- interejjt '-i'ip,
cpurslng.' in ihe : . -Middle \WesC> V : : :¦< Y •; '. '. »j
; r: ! Wkp»e biat.'-Sie^ea' 4t-Jx)s -l^i't*
Sunday. In';- the. - final, off-a .• iJS-dogr, : stakeJ
• Aeolus b*a*t-.New. Home. 'Boy -.In the- first
¦tan; down.-. >J?e-was.7ln.- .turn "bea'ten i.'£y.
.Med > ea-.in:th.e.'8eijil^nal-/rouh.d*.* : ' t\; :¦-:
... fi: "M;^.Kellpgg|--pf;iaw%,;.who;-.co'urs'ed:a:
string -of -great.- greyho.und>i : . hew , doitae,
'years .-since;* Ms-" to' be'.^ep'reseiited' -ag^in
oh. this- .coapt. >H9f".wJH- send' Jo'e' Pasha».
FriscQ-Lad.ahd Craw'ford.Be'lie bh.atbnce:.
FORTY-EIGHT second paynjent
been made with Secretary • if-.'^
. Gushing, of .'the -Interstate- Co.ursink
HORSES OF CLASS IN TRAINING FOR STATE SCIRCUIT
THE SAN FBANCieCO CALL, SATUBDAY, AUGUST 1, 1903.
GREYHOUNDS
OF PROMISE
IN FUTURITY
Sedo h d. .Pay merit • Nl jid£;
.* onFOrty-EigM Yoxing;
¦ ' doxirsers Jby/O.v/nersi.
•More- Than... a ;Hg>idr'ed
•; Hp u ri d s; i n • t h e .Ml Sfc i s.«^
"'sipph Valley "Futunit^
8
Bryson studies may be'fra'med*
witix narrow frame, burnjsh gold
edging . and raw ' . silk, mats ;
colors selected to*, suit tones and.
pictures. These studie's admit of
a variety of styles and also make
strikingly effective- posters." The
"Lady ill Green" and companion
pieces, to follow are undoubtedly
the swellest . art pictures ever
.issued by any newspaper in
•America.
FRAMING BRYSON P.ICTVRES
THEaAPY .IN..GREENA :
" -• • Next Sunday 's'CalL-.*- .*"¦c>olierty Br6tb.*efs 'Wiri?,:
•' -NAHANT.-Mass.,.. July- 31-.— The featur?
of fo-day's play In tjj'ff Nahanf invltat'ion
tennis to.urrfament was the match between
the "Larne.d brothers, -and the Doherty
b'to'tliers, with' the "latter^ winning— 9-2/ 6--L
...Noted American- Ath"lete." TUfisi ¦
•; NEW y.pRK./July.-3hTT-Th.omas.L. Lee;
well known as an "athlete, and writer -oh
'sporting topics, died to-day, of jhearjt fa1l- r
ure, agetl.33. .He was "champion* 150-yard
8printer.-'ln'.America-' ten 'years ago^ and'
.'was one of "the -team that beat the'.Ldn-:
don Ath'leti'c,-Club,so-.d.ecr3tv.ely at> Man-
•'hattan field several' years ago'.' % -:.' '¦'.'{¦'
' Tunstead has* bniy 'been out.'.Pf dpora
a-shbrt-llme from^-hts irlriesa caused'.'by
the'disaster. at P'diht. Reyes .-"and "the-.'loilg
wa\k ov.er -. railroad ties, .caused him", to
have. a' relapse. ;.*' ','.¦ '•'.'•¦.' ."•-.; "• .' .
• '. .SAN-^IIAJ'AEL,, -July . 31.-^Ey.en -.though;
he waa a- victim ":of -the 7 wreck • on '.the
'. North. Shore "'Railroad' oh June 21, James-
Tunstead... "one of .the' wealthiest, resi/ients.
of Sari. 'Rafael,' .was pujt-pff a train
this'afterrioori' because' he .'did. not -.have
.money to -pay Ms .'fare.'. -' '-.- • • \'..'.-'
Mr.. Tunstead -claims- he; had 'a- rotind^
trip .ticket, from. San Anselmb to -San
Rafael -and ¦..- that .Conductor/ Brady
punched the wrong." part -of the ticket .on
the. trip to. this city. .On the return :trlp
•Coriducfor'tfeorge Lewis refus'ed tp-hono'r.
the -ticket -orto'bejieve that- Brady. made
¦ the -mistake, 'and further refused fo'allow
Tunstead " to-, -wait' . until .'he reached" Jils
destlnation.so that he could 's.ecure' rhbnejr
¦to' pay his. fare;-. .' '; •".-.. ¦'.....'..- :,
'. • Tunstead -further ".alleges C-tha't-." Lewis.
sfoppe,'d-the 'train 'about/. a', mjle.ffom" a
¦ station' .arid- as he "was ¦'about . to' .alrghC
•the. -train Started' up. and t'he,corrfer of the
.car-struck 'th'e-.shpuld.er^.thafj^ras. frac
tured ih.fjie 'Point "Reyes, wrecki ••..•!..'
¦.-.Condiictqr Lewi's states h'e.'dlel" not 'know
who .Tunstead. was,; put he' Would .notpay
-his .fare. so. 'he- put .him.' off." ¦'. ;• ' ' .'.' •;¦.» '•'. .
Special-Dispatch to'-The QalL
An 6 ther ijisf or.ty ne - *
; : Ali; iQtihg^.arid::.^
'So'jftQttgri;'-: '¦M^^^'-^yfMS^'i^-^}}^-']
;fsL:B'vfeI^yev'fet' 7 tn.©\ : th.esp^
: :^^Ace\^Nejll;vwUt -appjear^ih^ur :
; ' Sjitrp- :H.e(ghtsV "/pur'irig.'.W
•engagettient- ' : j$Q&5eii:i^^wiji'." remain'- irir'thls*.'
efty,- • r.etiirriingV ta^Ms -'<a^np';. *'t
¦<5fjbri'^'^^Gpd'efis^
\(Cri^iesr tKe^re^Uer^n-^'^/XQtt iikef ii f ' t
'¦^e^iviteuw)r f^^^?/^ f 1 -y.®K^ n -pp".
¦•po'rtupfty;t6^dls"pla-y < 'his'g.cnius-'-as -ari .elt> r '
. cutio'nlst'.and- a'ls<j 8liow-.wh'a*t-se.yejn weeks
of • persjst.e'nf road- -work, . boxing . ;-and
wrestling!' ha v.e" done to equip. h'lm--t6 'en-'
•gage"- In -fls.tic combat .with -the .swarthy
chainpio.n of thjo.ring; Jfi'mes Jeffries.^ Iti'
•the play Jim wjll-'have as-' an opponent in'
cartch-as-catcn-can wrestling b'out Actor
Ecfward Ratcll/te, who has rehearsed the
grapple and throw, turn with .the. b4g
.bdxer- on severar.Pccasipns.- ' •..".•'
.! Wrtii -the -eyes of the. shrewd Tommy
Rya.ri- upon- him Corbetf put -in a.frolic
some .tim«j' at -bis. training quarters' yes
.terday..' lie sparred witii Sam Berger and
Yank' Kenny; wrestling with .the fatten
and- walloped -the bag, gping in all twelve
rounds' a£ a: fast- clip.'. In- the. afternoon
Vaseball. • teams * selecte'd by- Jlm"Cbrbett
and. hls'.bro.ther," Tern .Gorbett, mixed in
•a contest op'! the diamond and ' for the
¦firs}- .time; since Jim. has been. at- Croll'a
Gardens- Ms n-ine won the game, the score
resulting 30 to : 15. ..-^Fom- claims 'that' Jie
signed some 'players on '.the-recommenda'-:
tlon of Jim and that. they gave' him the
• do-jibfe cross and t^ .victory to'his.'fam
ous, relative'., ¦.-¦'•. '¦. •' .¦-¦¦'.'
COEBBTTViLSiAJT^ACTpB;
TRAINMAN OUSTS
WRECK VICTIM
• ".'-'ST. I^uis, X July. 3lJ--:Wiather cle^r;"tracW
Blow: .. Detmar 'entries:' ".-, ; '. r, -, -.- ...:'-, -Vi ; •-.- -• .
" ' F.irs.t'.ra'ce.: ihllfe and '.seventy'-' yards.- selling—
•;Aranfias-09.';E6cr.ys. 104'- -.Rbchester 104;-'Verna*
Rfce i>5. General' Dix *8;:- Goo Gop ; 86...-Burlap
¦»4., Hanstirdiugh .10.1; Kings'- Court .102 v 'Poyntx-:
J 04, ? Margie . B;. 87^ . Nbweta.;89, i^Ellza Cook- 97: f -.
;,¦ Seobnd^'race, ' severi . furlongs'. ••• purser— Greir-"
«iaaV 02/vLa'dy. Vashii 02' Golden : .GHtter 95;;
S.tar Gazer; 87.. :Ljdir»o' 05';. Mabel AVinrtrOB. =;.V
': ' -Thfrd .race," five" a.nd..a 1 ha.lf:"furiongs--.p:ur.ee— ¦'
•Maxrose T(i5, ..Brancas ; 106 '-Athena, 105.; Lord.
¦ Hetmence ; .1O8; • Hiigli' McGo.wa'n i : 3.0S r " Ahgelee .
'105-. Clieck; -1 05i. : ¦';*. '¦-¦ '¦¦ ¦¦'¦ ':-.\ :-:.;'V;- :
*• • .Fourth race,..;mile-' and 'twerity- yards',' 1 , selling, '
'. Auitin- Etaktf-^Mls'a': fflag ! ! J3aj!'ip7;-. Eyea- (i ©«!•;
¦Jordan; tOS. -Miss Qolightl-jr : 101; .Heleh Print
•iOp^lFjtzkaseti lpx-v-^:^. .VJ/-. :V;- ; .: ; v. : - ; -'
. -Fifth- race. . six: .furlongs; . hahdicapfr-StandV
Paf 98/ K;lnd.red : -109> IJJlee 105;. :Croix d'.Qi 1 liXJ
Eelyinp 100.: J . - ,= Vi •,>% •;- ; i-. ;:¦."¦•'•.. ¦.•.?/> .•;¦;.¦-;.•••"-,¦
-. .Sixth', race, i one. and itTite>-sixteen;th : rnjlea,.
•selli % ng-r-yarher '. : 104,. • Ida Peiizance. .103; . : 'Gin:
.Spray •.¦ld0.A^Meh^h*an?v99v.^Xey"*r'--:-Suicli-'i.'9i,---'
Kiiigstelle ;'»3:'..- .Terra' Incognita. KM. ;The.AVay:
'icsf-iienace^ios;. .;• •• ¦';¦¦ ¦'"<-- :-.. ¦': .;:..-= ;';..-¦ - r :-:,..y '.:-¦;¦::
• ••'-Sey^n.th.- race,,, mile ;-and- seventy, 'yards;,-. sellV.
/.Ing.r^-lmmprtelle -84-- ; :Eromk/.;M'eye'r";$8'':iCpun ; liess ¦
,.Glarar99;: '.^V-lrii 10t; ; v.\yiiiif>ri.^l^Ba;rohjet OS/.
v ;j6v ; :':rKll "Archibald 101v I J ttle^ <toi« ;
Wi/r •.ajlssf.ori ' ;*02. : v Sir *a«l" 1()2/: Hegira -95; •
Brown Vail 104
st. roris selections.
'<""ls; ' 'my;'Xb<& ;NeW ~: Yo'rk"-^TeIegraph;>iv"v; - ; .-: : :/*•
.^-:\^l.r-";t/^c'Roice. ':^^-;.Bnrilaip,':v:'',^OTifeta»:- :
••MnrKie: sv^.. \ ":¦ - ; 'v ¦-¦;¦'• />'y.;--S.. -.^ . :/;; ;.:•.¦ > •• '-,;;.;
<. ¦ Sec,6ncr-llace-^I<a"i«6j: Undy A'asli;.tI,
,'3Ii»"»eIr>\;lnhv:.:y\' .v',; / : ; ..;-\;: :^-;.-/ T.y;,.":;/^ v
. ¦; iTKJid . ' •' IUce.V- .. tnrd. : ; .. H erm eiiice,-
CKeck. : ;MbrB:i»ii;,-'..-Ang ; elecV: ''.'¦¦ ' "•••-i-.v ---y;.;:
.: ; :>K.p-flrt^";Ra'ce^I^rt*ka;ne4y-M|ia^^>^
•X".---.?-"-.'-^'-: '.'; '¦¦: v;.V,-'' 5 •:-:-"--w Vv
'' Fifth nnce^-,S<and- Pat, -Kindred;
;.HfIee; ; ; : '^;-; •:-:'.¦; ,-;':'-. '¦-.^¦:- ; v : ¦''.: : :. •:;,- : : ; .-.'.^.V:;-''- •
:V,-'.SfxtK.^ no«?e-rr:M«rinphlan r .' Ivlnjc«-.
1 llei:;tnh::>ivra3f. : . : ::., ¦;¦:;¦ •;i:-.;-' '^¦¦'¦'.¦'<:'.yv'-'y.':'.
--.-' :"Se>yentli- ¦ .Rnice ; — -*¦ ltegltm f: ¦ 'Brown -
¦¦¦Va^li'•'Em»^a;¦:?Ie> : «r*¦¦¦=;^¦-.Vv• : ¦¦^¦•¦' ; -•V^•^¦••¦V.K¦.•¦;¦t'<.¦•
DET^MTAR E?TrilIE$.
¦¦¦Tlp\«;- l.-t9.y:. Starit good.;^W'on'-.-.fcasily/ Wiii
ner,,J...K: Hu>hes':,b; ; m.:,by Knight-pf T^U'ers-.
lie-Dearest..:, Dr. Carrlck^ .105, . King's' - Sister
hO," Tambourlrtft'OO,' also ran.* . ' • . • • ' ¦'!: •'¦ V...
. . SECOXp hACE— Six .furlongs; Belliny: ¦
.Betting;- rforse.:-AVeight; Jockey. St. *i Fin
7 to. -'-rrN'orthern Spy, : 1 12 ( Shehn j 6 ; 3 1 h :
13 to l^-S.aij:Lution,;iOti (Brldewl) 3 1 2 ',4
.3 to-1— Kitty G, 102 :<D. ¦ Austin) 6 .5-3?h- ;
. .Time.: laT^V .Start good, ¦•' Won driving;
Winner; J, . JV.'. llobiriaon-s p.' h. -by.*Garneglei
Albana: i«stle 03. Hyarbphbhla 107 ' Stub" M;
iJia'dy Idrig .-l(J2..'.'£xat.)p ©6. .Pay the Fiddler 109 "
One More 109, Smart .Plet 109-, Oiawdy 03. also
:¦ rau.;::,;;' ./;¦¦, .;-.' -.•;'.'¦.-'¦•;¦;.•¦•:,"::-;,•;¦; < ./•¦;;¦ <;K : ¦ * ¦ ¦;' ¦'. ,^V- ¦¦
-¦'-. TTilft P h A^E— Fl ve and a' half, furlongs ; *
;«eiiing:; ; :. :¦;•¦¦¦;,;, :.,;.,• ; .:.-: v v. ;*..;-.;.¦•..:;>";-;: /: - ;-.;•; ,
Betting, / ¦•'. HorseV Weighti Jockey. : St; % -Fin '
11. to lOr^nainlaind, 1QS <Sheehan): 2- 2 i : -4 ;
-: 6 : tp l--lngoltnrlft; U«< Bride wel) 4. • 1 . 2 8 -
B to -. 1-^BuKier, ' 08 ( D. Austin)': . 1 ¦ 3 32 •':';;
Time.: 1:10. \Start;poor.: Won handily. Win
: ner,'. .Mrs;: -^1, :Goldblafs: -,h.-- c. -by Raihljow-Fa- '.
bis... pcyrdhe 10O, '¦-. Danrusia; 85; ; also ran. ;V \ '
..-.': FQUR'nrvRAGEr^One.and an eighth 'miies:
.AlUne:'.';. '¦;.¦¦. rV. ;¦' ¦..-.•-. ¦ . -. : •:.. 1 :;- v .--,-' : ... •":> -¦..--.^h':'
/Betting:;.:' Horse, Weight, Jockey. 1 • : EtV ¦'% 'Fin. y
. 13 to 6t-sJosCb F..98 '(F: Srhith): .; . 2 . 4 1- h '
¦ 9 to *U-Pirateer; 00 (HlKBtns).i, ;. ; 3''iy--2'«'^ :
'.- 7-to- 1— O'rrheum.r-90 Xlirlilewjilh.:..'* : - -2-,-'8v 2 •'.•.-¦
. .TiJiife. 1 :57, Start good, .Won driving: Win
¦ner,.:er. M:.: Barrows' ;b: "f.- by'S.t.' Flprian-Boh-'
: nie ,M. ' South Breeze' O5..' : Judgre iGantrill 1 '891
.WivB.vQaw*; : ip5.;..aiso'ranv:- ¦;:, ¦ T ... ,-¦;;-. :••-. -. ¦;,;,, L
: FIFTH RACEJ— Six furlongs, : »ellmg:- ¦ . - •
Betting.- HbrsevWeigiit jobkey. - - St. % Flri. :
8 .to 1^-Kitty Gtit a Paih.?»0( Hgns) 2 1-1 JXL
7 to 2f-Sld Sllyef, lOtt (A. WjBaker) 5 ; 3 ' 2 >A
6.:t<j 1-^Macb'eth, 107. iJ. -Sheehan)'3 v 4 -3 '2 \
: Time;;lMb^. Start good: Won' easily, wjri
her,.; ..fkU :B.;. Tiehenerfs :b; f. by ve a llantr} T
Bounding- Cecil. 'Joe Goss 113; -Tangent 1O9 V
.Zirl-ir«t>, Lynch: 102.,. ;H aim IS ,106. .Sue-*. Sister:
;6t£Mlk»;St.tauss 111,. «li«r.^
; -VSIXTH R AGE-^pne .mli<9 ; «n<J severity 'yaras/
v r -"/;--.".:- V- < : K-.":'.-'-. -.'.'. '¦":¦'•; ; ,"-'l! ;¦.-•'?*' '¦
;Rettlng;>'. Horse-.Weigijt. hockey' : '; Bt^'lE^VUtV
\*;t*..^j^wst,.-;.io«-...<F;.-<smH'h)v;i''-'-*i 5 3r-44 : *
.16: to ¦t r^HLio ! k;iSo:'Oka...97XD. Austin) Z S : 2 6
-lSt' to l-^Varha^-Fonio.^-.CPerkins)-*-^^ : 8 .I*: -'¦
ST. LOUlis. July;31.v-One "purse; and;
fl ve sejiing . faces made up a very:
: ordinary ; card- .at. / Delmar • tb-d;ay;
¦ ' •. Th? Pu.rSe^ race was ifbr. twp-:year.-~
; olds at ¦ flye. " f urlpngs: and included eight'
stajters,- Badib B,Urch; being* a hotpu-blic
f avop.Ue. ; The 'filly : : won .in a -'drive .' f rp m:
iiajta- ; the/{f eature/
the f.oi4rth . : ra<?e« '"/at [.. one /arid- -an- elglith
niires> ; wi^; inmost attrapf ivev '¦¦ ¦ 1 1 was" takejj
by- Joi'e F,: wi]ich- !gdtBiP Jus> iri "time^- to
beat*a*lrateer .-a>JiekdL- Weather ; clear;
: .{-¦¦',:¦ ':':f: A.
FIRST RACI3-Flve furlong*; pur.se:
getting.: ; ;Horrt;Ay«|ghti7opkey; '-. Sti' : %.Ti a."'. '
V. to ft^-Sadie Ilurch. .. 104- (Austin) .. '4 1 - 1 n • '
7; to.6— Maj. .Gftrpenter^iO^ca'mlthJ-S ''2 '. 2 3. •
< to 1— pi nky B, ; 11)0 < Bakert ¦ . • . i'l 3 3 n
¦: Time. 1:04%;- .. SthrV good: '..Won^drlvingV-
Winner, : Hays &, Jackson's bv f.'by t«oyalist
¦ La Duchess; :l»eech .103;. Enigma 100.- fiush
; 102; . Vajlen .108. ¦ Fonsadert.ao* als6
I rari ; . ;¦'-'¦¦ -:¦: ' ."¦¦ ..-'. :.,:•¦" -. :; ; - : '•-:' ¦-¦-... . ;.••••¦':.••.¦¦¦..•
Special blsbatch.t6:The..CklL '
• •' '¦? ';... ¦ • ' .picfri-'.Jlfn. .Jeff rles.and his 'retinue' of ¦
assistants',' -soi when-.ii waa
repotted arourid-this.inorrilng that- the big
.^dilqw'- and'-his- orie-time" rfval.-'B/Jb Fit.i
simmo'ns, were *£o -dpri; tlie miU's/th'ere'was '
'a : throhff v at tthe' gymnaslofn. door -'.that
: : w6.ula'/ have •.jfnad'e'.glad. the. ; he'art» of an
-itinerant -came
'together *ri'g.h.t"-4 but • hot • iri; a. boxing
.bp,u;t,'-'Bipb'. appeared-, Vattirefd.rVuhijerheath
his .long* light!- ..inagklntosh,' 'in?fi.vsu'it-.0f
; plnJcVftegriing's; theVStars.ah'd-'.Stripes. en-;
circltrig • 'fife •¦vvasp-likeV.-walst, :.' which Kleiit
;th^i.- flavprv. Gf' a- real battle:.- Th'e-- petife
¦ftlrs: -.^ti&imrndns/aJid-Mrs.vDelaneyr ; w1f e .
.'of : .'I i ialrier! DeIaney-,.!-were ! oh 'hand early
as '; Interested". .spectators j/'-.Bu,t^^¦-"eyerybodyl
; w^.s; - ¦.doprhed;' to- • dlsapp.Piritni(BnU' • even
to -the.'. expense- of 'iiavl'ng.ihis gold split*;.
second oiie^d-f or. •the/occstsroniv-V;.. ;. ' . \ .. -¦; :- -- :
:¦:'iB.iily:'-De;lan'ey^cb^"trltiutea.VWS: share, by
iapp'earlhg aa sblenin^as if it w-ere actually
.the'oight fpf Lw«;"iSS-«<i^.aPv"^e^tw^J^1^!
hlen; shook :;hand'S'.a^d
..round .. -pf Vafc. least ' r v '.; dura
¦tjon':.dfituggini;;artd;-lugglng-jind pushing
And . .^lastUhg/ihaty t^st^
.ia^nd^ ;*jtayfng^^owers;bff.^ch^uj especially
f6,f;;vEfeBlmm6.rts; : '. : .'^.hi>5.e; hoheymodn. 'trip
;cawsea; ; a ; relaiatibn '. : .ih:I his; i'tralningiv' Like /
;a;distre.s.He<i i-.'ma'ririer.;^'tMninif/theyh'pr.lzba-.i
f dr'.a^a-ll; Bbb- : We.uld''p^.er-'.&bb'ut:irbih-7unr''.
;dei* -^he t ¦V.of i . Jeffrtes -for; the^
rtimekeepe.r; with.;an ; almost pleading lbpk
:.fj'n-.-.:;h'is-;.face,i : and^:;with; a)t hope flhaily
gohjei^dllered vput^ "Op the^ deUce;; Is the'
.tlmfcfteeper?'V. .¦ • ¦. ¦¦"¦¦':.:-¦¦¦¦:¦'. : ¦¦.-¦¦. '¦¦¦¦¦.-., -.
¦This;; .ended r the. ; r'pun'd.: ; The v exerclse- Is
a trying [pne,':andv^hi-le;^
lpbked- like; i' : JwelRdpnelbbsiter from the
eff etits :- ; of !:;; th e?; 'i ordeal , '¦¦],; Jeftriies;;' iwith
streams^of ¦perspiration.^ obzlng .frbm/. his
giant -frarrie,;.app;eared'hoh6-.the;wprsei
¦wear /iandV-tear. -v.V.Fiti".,' himself/" has al
y riipst;o^n'M xihiirnijtejd;.; jeiserye.? ;\fuijd':: 6t [\
Vin>;;VJfiff's'';Vharids^w:asy;as''
aubmisslve^a^. a fat' in. ihe^ciutches,: of ; a
:]f ox^errieiv '. .-; '.; ¦ : < : ¦;• "-• : -.:); ; .: - ; ;. : ' '¦;¦'. ; j ; : • ': ¦¦'
:¦ ' Fo r ]m0 v e thari »ari - h i P.u r preyipus 'to. this '
J-effrieioweht'thrbugh^-a
, exet else;. wJ^th-.:t,h.e'^^gy^mriasiujn. appiaratps. .
,A« : a r pipe.^
/tlm^S^^tveht; :;VKr^gh';a;:phYntpmi'€!xerj^ljse v
" wi th : 4he ' durribbelis 1 . a; nS .tKeh;-: ¦wdrkedv the \
wrlgt .• "and'.:rp.^
¦'pib%kept saKlng-that^^ ,he~" felt' pp-gpbd. that
i hi$ 'sparyihg. >p^Tther^ J jpfi^Kejinedyr aid.^
¦ we're in;'.fPr.-.a H .tho;rpu
'rend.y;aitirtg. :; : but v r ho'stlllties,.w.fere--.';postT
jxdned;untll •ai^er;.the' : . : npbn hour.; ¦..Then'the
weath'er-'. tvas!"^'sof-'?. \varm.c .everything;' . waa;'
*cailed J ; :dft; and "the .shady riobka. : werer allr :
'<SPrrstled!:.:.'-^ ':;'¦¦.¦;! ' :¦:.';•"-' /.\;':^ '•'¦'¦ j- : ~ 'i^'i ¦ :'*£'.
", -Befbry Jeff '.and •RbblputVorl -the'-gloves'.
;the.r latter, .was- 'jojlying'.; .the ...qhampion^
abpiit . the\ approaching, thinness..- of |his
'hair ; oh- the '.crown.' - saying.: ... "You'll' soon
be' -Iri '.iriy 'and -Deljtney's:.. class:.- : Tralnerl'
Delaney remarked :[¦'. 'I- tc4d.-tiirii to :have \t
cut clos'e'.;. 'beiprd ; : ..hB ;,came.-.; up - here: : . .But
it ¦'. Seems' Jeffries ia .superstitious Jbn this
• scpre -and. refuses to p?ir.;t..with his. Satnf.
son 'iocks.''-. ¦'Tneve'r-.carnia bo near get: i
ting lick. ed) i ji ; riiy lif e,"- ;sald; Jeff f ies. . "as •
bnce ; wheh';I gbtLa/SaA'.Q.ue^itiilcrpp',;' sb.
¦irve.cut it but from'thaMlme^.'; :¦..:••..-: . .'••;.
:-. Bob . ¦Fitzsimrhbris ."has an.;; : 1dea/that he .
and Tom- Sharkey ; wo.uld, make •" a;, gpbd
drawing -card." .Bbp'vthlnks.'maily, whp lost,
ph-hini *^h^'^^^J3Ba^ : liMa^;'out"li|!i
-fatnovis . -decision . wpuid ' like" to ...see;: nini
old .tljri.es': :;sake. : .>;There' -would .. be. some '
jpatisf action;. • fti this.!- ..and : the -dud ' Jcnigh f
attract :%lb'ig : brbwd-.v.^. : ¦ .:; v •/• \^:r. J/;^
¦¦^¦'•Ambnk .'thevr^cent^ajrrivars' In, camp is.
''''Ch'alkv'./R&bfer^^-Oialk;. •js-j;ian-Ap'iditlni i e"
friend; .an'd'enthusias the;
•chimpioh .arid : at; a' ¦ 'sporting', -resprt : - in :
'San- .^ahciscb-.the'-bth^f. day'
;bet-$5p.^ains^ J50(^hat. tri&;;idUer^rnaker
'w6u)d^win7in*a-Vdund^ K\'-- ) ;;; J ' '.>•'•.'=' '-?-- f '' .: : ";.. :
: : .Traiiier/Jpe'l.aney ; :.take.a"-; ;.becaslpn,.t».4ehy i
¦ ihait -Jibe iKenhetl y : Js \ippkirig'- 1 oral .match •
.wlth-.'$am'v:Be.rg'e.ri- pne'..bf.-;. Jim; Cprbett'*
¦lbbk'lng^fbr ; ariyr:rna'tc.hes;';-;v'> ; "\, ?•-"•"¦ "¦¦ ••• ;';' .-' : .
; '^:" ; s>-- : : :' : *!''. :>F;-E^iIUIiHOLIiAND,:-:v
|2j -AIIB.IN:' s'PRlk-G^, = Juiyf.h.-^Ever.y-
J*^ 1 ! ''. bbdyw- here", at .the • springs is. ihterf
I'.- I-'.ested .ln'.the^ m'ov«ments v of:Cham-.
' ': Wh'chiit'Came •••¦'t;imeTib i .^'.eig.hy.:'in'\yeste'rr.
'day .af ternpbri ;:{O'°Kee'f e . rfef used.";tb" leave.
hip : ho tel' -and ¦; g'p;; : td: : 'J<^rb : .ett's."v- OHef ; 'ifc-'
:.kripwl(Bdgedv.tp. : !being 'three i paiinds .bVerf
we,ight. ¦•'"¦;: Flnaliy.;, -after.' much;;.urglngi •'fte.
vagreM to:' weiRh: in /the. presence? p£^ \VllVie
Brltt/ andi 'bne man- repre?erttihg the. $an;
Frantisco Athlotlc flxiK ; : AVlvejt he" stbpd
.;pn>-the^ scatds 4t yr£s: found" ¦•h'e^ajj-i ivinte,
fand.jpiie-half^^ pounds^.overweigliti,: instead ;
of three. "' ' ', '• . ' . '-.
.y; : O^K^e'fe.;V-^ould';'g|ye. : :.np : Vfiipl.an-atidn--"'pt : '
: h;U- ; :.nf^lect ; '.tb ;get; 'io"! wieight^ . '= H«- ? either.
..i®'r..-;'.!^nt'ed" : 't.he.; 1 -;-a^ayailita'ge"
whicli i the ' ; ad'd^;^^I^^^^j|^^^^vlftlkiV^
¦hirny. He; indiilBod^hfms^lf •^es'te'rda'y'vieat-'.
ing; a : .heaViy :id'nc^
.'pt '¦&[ dinner.- before, the; ;tiTne. set fbr. weigh-'
injgr-In." «
'.¦WhenBri^
•¦ decllnfccl "to .-:il-g.h"t.;;rTJi|«;. did not -deter; the'
'«iub:^n^anjiijfjsiiierit ¦¦.¦;.f-rprn''.-V;cpjttlflfii.oij : S-ti^
:;J5^^'Af^tfefcets;-,;-and;;^
'sp'ec.ta|bVs;;fl6w.e;d;;^^
;p;cidck.: ' '-iThtf; .house;- ¦vvaai --sIqw '¦•'•ip .r'reklizq
:' ; ther,'e ; ; vl'oul.d' t>e : j\q. "fugh ijU V ixi. ifj&fcfyiit&S:
f. Brltt: entbped /th"e ;ri lig t (JVexpIairt :his p'ftSfr;
'tipn- there/ wiefe.; cries'; v f6r'.'.the.'..Rfellm-ina-^
; ..'Britt ; : s;ecui^f;att»a;tlii}ri.'|;l3i5.
said: - ; . . '
'.:. jGentifiniTert:^ X. Wlsh:.t6.'^ay -thaV'T came Here'
¦«p-nlght ..to:;defend rights,.. Ivtralned: faith.
•fully .-.for? this- contest and. 'made :,. the weight?.
ViriXy.Kmtt promised' to weigh 133-p6utjd#-'ahd
. failed to '-do so/ ..He in .tijne ." and a' half ¦ pounds
.ovei-. welKht.'and "i: won't- fikht •him;-.:. I. 'went:
to-. Portland .and .-. f.6ukhtyO''Keefe and K3t the
'wprBt:-of it,; ; J • theii-.traypletf- to • 'Butte,- Mdht.,-*
ahd-f p.ught..hlm-. a..:draw;.. but: I -have; nothing to"
say-abou]t.that;.-.I-camjB h'er'e- to- night rea'dyi 'io' ;
.flKht O/Ke'efei but.' will: not «o so 'because ' he
'.Weighed ;in- -thla'afternpohrat •l'4i'^'"pounda. : I
am teadjr, tq nght -any" man in the world it 133
pounds. ' It would not be f al r to fny backers If
;I .were. to flghi.O'Keefe kt.hls '•pcwnt weight.'
•There "have been, furridr* itHat- Mr. O'Keef is was'
going- to: Me .down -.to'.me. • ;f .don't .want :any-;
bo>d-y-.. : to.;Hev. down . tp'-.me-.un?ess-'he- does so
'.'from a; gopdistlff:- punch;- The' club vmahager*'
• ihu'st have.-knbwn- i.tha'f -."waii ' bVer
"weigJit. -. - • • .
• MONET. IS BtFUNDBD. - '
v- : - When : - 5ritt';. had;^ori.ciuded\Q^ee?e : :eri-'
tered the :tlng.-Jwi^h, the "ili|b ahnouncery
3lp^as^hts>ed;' and: Jeered/ a' t:^Th^-isxr:
plahatrpnjlie' ¦ :^s'fi.'ed;-fp.TOkie/-was:'>ti&.t'-b5
:^asvy;ourig^and^grdwihg>( lie. thbught -he
cpuJd-rhake! J33 pouridsveasily biitfound I 10
;c6iild:-n6t;dpt;sb:;:;^;V ; v^ OKX-"--'' i : '"' : ¦¦'•¦ : '':;. 1 /^'-^-'
I-:]': Avybice; ; fr6m; -th'e :galtery< :^k(?d r;V; 4 ''Why-.
didn't : ;.He:;say.;all.-. this 'yes^^^^
/{v^n^be£jBaI^
/mbn^-ba<k:'!'J^:V;'--\;'r;v:^ ' -¦¦"^-.'•¦¦^ "¦"'v: 5 * .'i--'C
;.fchedjil«d:-t>;ap^^
';entere"d-/ Jthe' l e• - r .Ai '
•KK'^ht ?nd -T f - fr^,R16rda'n,^
t^l.kingytpXGa^ain: o/.'Pblic«r srooii^
-frpi^-v^'e^
they;! yre'i's ' : prbtesti'ng ; -again8t the;clup talti
• ing ;Ahe '¦¦. mo riey. ; 6t/'ttie:^pididioys.ind i ailr
¦4pg.-.tp>giye.l£h^mV' tlie \entertainrri.e^t o th.ey/.
; ;Had\piid' : tb' : s?e.V''- : .'A's- a/re.s.ult : :.b;'f;--'hl3;''-'p.rfl-''
'tS«t i >Captaln.-:ajbbn.ey;*;refuSedj.;t
rflght>i;Kb.vonV;-'Thfs;'rtad:e;;^vhltv
:8pectatpra -/who .;• ch'e.fere'dv. the.; < ckp.taih-' X9T'
v he Vhad'takqh.; ;:v. ; ¦:.:;:• .^v ;:•''. ; '\V :
/ :Pp.nce^Cp.ipmis.aloi\eV.;rf
'hai>d;in>the;:.-proceedirigff..:v^;tt'e^
ierwe-'at^h'ift.TingTs.ld^^t.w^^
'.tbef-Mcluti ': :wpiil.a ii ';if)in$y&)Vmotiey±pai!fi.t<) : ii
¦.¦tic^ts.'".a : rid'Vwpul.ii ''•'glvor. ; thc.":twb.':'p'Fell'mii
..inary;'flgiiis'''at:it's-- : bwn.'.e"i
' v^Th'e^fl^ht VVr.oYe.8c''«^5™Hy.'=iadi'-''';J[a'.ck''
rMppphald>.' : dellDerately?,'iEiuit-' fn ;- r .£h"e.-tiiir'd
".rourAd-.pi-tts.;fl'ghi^w'ith- > D.^
•"cjrpp;pfed- 'p pas' Hnree-anisftiyeaH'herfi.'imtll-.
icburitre'd-.put..';^••.¦¦''-^.'. ¦;.' ••.-,'.' !j;.'"-' : .-? r:: '; : ''.-'"-".'> :: '':^.
',¦' fJepr'gfe. •'.Fiiller. vknockedV;^ut';' \CharlQ8 '
•.HaLwtey^'.in.-jtKe' third;'rbjjnd;'. •••'.'.:;¦., 'ijil.: 1 --./
: \z : - si^eirATpiis / AitEr M^xrfETi 'W^-'
.'The'-astpnishlnK 'paft-'.p'f;;the!:fjasbo..was -
theeasjvgbfng manner iri which ; the- spec-'
•tato.rs' at* Mecha-nlps" Payiribn. took", rhat;-.
'tersv "Whilii th.ere was*- .some, jeering' "and
hooting- af..O'Keefe'and the .club" officials
the>e-was"-no. other demonstration. -When
it w-as-an.nounc.ed- ihat tickets redeemable'
at : Corbett's 'would b/s issued', to .tfte'-men-'
'ih the' gallery, "there .was a slight rush-for
the "door. -.This soon ceased- and. there* was
•no -further -disorder.. . • -• J. '¦¦.¦¦ •-< .-:
. • Jlund-neds" of."- U'cH«t ." holders crowded"
Corbett's last n-Ig.ht. trying- to collect their
nroney.'' Th$y' were . directed 'fo' -return
tills mofn-lng. .Harry Corbetf is not irjterJi
esied -in the San -Fra'ncisco Athletic' Club..
T|ckets'- were" sold' at the. cig'ar stand-out-
side: his place and 'all tnqse .who ;. hold
.cou'Rons.'can collect from, the ticket seller"
at .tKe.- cigar, stand. . ' '.•".. .' -. ' . . --
' Aft.er! he left. the.- .ring Britt- made this
statement:" » ' •.".)' :).; .... "• .'.
. . I 'am greatly disappointed. V trained -faith
fully and* was ready to fight O'Keefe, but no
one 'could expect' me to.Bp against a . nian
•weighing -nearly .ten pounds-, more than I do.
Therp.'-was-a;verbal agreement between jus' in
the- matter .of * forfeits -for .being 'overweight.
THefe was no mpney put up. but- Al. Smltfi,
-manager of O'Keefe, informed -me- to-night that'
¦he-' wouia nay-' over --the- $250 fo.rfelt : - money. ..I
blame tHe 6an-J"rancis-co Athletic Club .man
•atrement for~the j'flxzl-a. • l.»ev had -a man- at
O'Ke'efeiS'tralnipg quartets and # should have
known he waa. over .welgh.t-. ;.-. ..*.'' ; ..^ # • -'
T-I-IES; TO. MAKE' TfiE ..WEIGHT.
"' O'ifeef e' made; this- add't'onal. statejnent.: :
V.i-trle'd ta'make the*weight but-could.riot.-*i
found it hard work- }.o .take. off weight in. this,
climate and I. did-- not think- it would .matter
¦ much If J wai a- pound .or. two. over weight. 'I.
lre'gret It very -.much. .1 am a loser, but it can
not Be... helped. : '. .V , .- N " ¦' ;. • ¦' • '• ' : 
: t Manager' Greggains "of the San.Pr'aftcts
co.Athletic'Club said: ¦ '.. ;•*'"¦..-• '\
• The club Officials tried to brlng'off the" fight,
but one of the pripclpals failed to live up to.
his agreement. The club'feejs tho loss-greatly,
but will- prove- its good intentions, by" refund-,
ing every - dollar. All ticket-holders will be
paid what -la due them. We were led to be
lieve all- Rlon'if . that- both men were under
weight. - When we learned to-night that
O'Keefe was heavier than the stipulated weight
we tried to. effect a compromise, but could not
do so. We then tried to appease 'our patrons
fc~ ..¦.tllnu on ibu nra'llmlnarUK.
O'KEEEE 1$
. IJ.wais^knbwn tpftiw^lub^anager^and*
¦to/>Vlfl'ie':-Ii'ritt.;'.'wii'p' reijresbntsvhis broth-;
er,; tha t : O" Iyeef e ; Vraa ha.ylng.';spme- "dlflJ- ;
!culty .lri;gettipg:^pWn v to;w«rfgh.t;"but;:tH
apparently- "fliqii.Rh-t it "was; a -'inatte'jr^otbut;
a" pourid- 6r". ;B'p'-:.'a i nd;-d.l4'VnethlSgv»biQUt(";it;'.'
,Wline;BritU : arid;'Al;Sm^th;->tv : ho ; rcpi'esent.°
ed P'Ke^
thatthey v^buld 'no
difference ¦'.?.in.'..'.wjpiKh,V: : ' : Witto\':tWk.- : uhdieVi-;
standing; .^niitfi;-: : d're j w.-do^n;.fe^.;whlfcfi."-:he : /
|ia4 -ppsted; iis va; for-fett.; - Britt's : tbrf^lt;
-.was .'.never post.ed. : -. ' .' ¦ ; '.-:.¦ .,: ". ; ; : :....>¦' - .¦'••¦V"- : *.- : '/-'
-...'¦ Djiye} Bafj V,v ;who".assiSied;:ih.^tritfnln's :
¦"Q'Keefe, says :he -weighed 134 pounds* oh
.^hwrs'day;; v :rhpfni'p^
coujdv .hu>:e : weighjed ° in =' -• han^jiy ¦; jit the;:
.lljgrhtweight; ; l!'rnl.t : -A*ith'^
.te'';fb6dVana.;eicruiye.v : V; •¦'.""•¦! - : , • ¦'.;-.'•;.' .}": ; ; !i',/;.
¦¦:.:. : ;;'rea_dily. ; scale the :ilght^
"weight :!llrni^ r\y^ieri' • ¦wei&hjrig^i'n' tlnje
came.: yesterday^ Vaf-terndbn^'he-'Vwelghe.d-
Wivi ¦jj6ur»4.s ; -rnine .ftnd" orierhalf:;- pounds
merbthanfhe.hWd^^^agrjeed;.t6.make*f9f..hls'
fight 'with'i JitrirnyJBritt;;.- '. f VV ! -'::''-'.''".V • Z v :: .
, ; If tte':- >'er8'atile.VO'.Keefe : .'c8ntinueVjtb°
grttw:. :at; this ..'. astontehi'ng ; "rat4. ; j n.'e i ,- : *'can>
flchaiienge '^jt'Me pf :th'e;'>Ieffifie.s^Cer
beVt;!^!:^.^©^^^ ';' .• ' ' : . 'if. . «>*•
; ":V| :ACK;b:K;EE?TE', the ¦bbier.Js. 'iVoung
i' I r -and^^ growing..*';.. Wh.enlvhe .catnet: he^rei
[l^::'!frVin : : : .ChicaH6.'--he"".thdught hei.coUld.
Mariy;WhpoH6pe^oSee
¦£ Tkeprr: Don^^j|^iy|itts
:^{$r&; D ¦} s ha-;p p p-i n t e tf
•S ad i '$¦ 5 U re h , .. .• ¦ : a vV^arth:
Chbieej Raptures .t(j$
gpe^tators^ vT^ke; T'Heir
¦• iE)[|yp pioi n e n t ; • WHHv
rifeireat ' Good-' Nature
Mediq^eCard Pre^ehti
¦: i ed f or T urf .g n th tl s jasW
, pf : IVI i s sd uri'M et r p p p It s
Ghiampibn/^n^
WrestJ ejqr : the Eci.if». :
•Jcatiprijof LargeCrdwd
FITZSIMMONS
AND JEFFRIES
MIX ON MAT
CHICAGOAN
SHOWS LACK
OF GAMENESS
FIVE RACES
FOR PLATERS
AT DELMAR
O'KEEFE OVERWEIGHT AND FIGHT IS DECLARED OFF
OAKLANDERS
MAKE USUAL
LONE TALLY
ASSOCIATION
FOOTBALLERS
ARE ACTIVE
FpVmatibn- ;-^f •. Teams
y[ M ak esjf 0 r . D i ssb I u t i o n
Of .did* : Assoc i at i o n
HaHj H as Jii e rri G\j e ss ! n g
Sphwart^ vfoJ^s * Peter's^
i Forces^ but! HF.sf Prfe
• ehce -Fails to, Eritfiirse
plyrppic;^ EJeye^n Will
;, Ehter r piejci'apclVUni
;: ver5ities : lyiay Come I n
STA NDiNO 'OF '¦: THI5 7 CLUBS;
' ;-' ; : ¦¦'¦'. ' (Pacific ..Coast 'lieajiie;) ' : '. .^ :- ' V-' •;•
'¦ -.• V- ">-'Wi—tJp'ct:i'-' <, v : V. v i*:Fct
Los.Angr .;6S--8S .«n Feattl* ¦'- ...46 M.-.442
San Fran..-.64' ,49'. .6«« Portland .V;43 .67; .430'
Sac'mentp:.58^ .'61 v.632l-Oaklahd.'-.,46'-71 :^393
Bucharest; July. 31.— Lack of work
in Roumanla is causing a renewed
exodus on a large scale of Jewish work
men to America, The emigrants are in
teres'ted by foreign Jewish societies.
played for Salt La>« to-day and they backed
up Quick's One -pitching well and hit Maupin
hard. Errors piled up the score against Mau
pin; McGUllgan having three at critical times.
Score: ' " R. H. E.
Seattle 000010001—2 e' 4
Bait Lake 00030200 0—5 10 X
Batteries — Maupin and Stanley: Quick and
Anderson. Umpire — -Mahaffey.
Rcrumanian Jew3 Emigrating.
•.-The- low.er. house" of the'.DTe^ to-day ap
:.pointe.d.a»cbmmltte'fi.o > f- ipquity to investt
'.gat^e the bffbery : .scandal'and adjourned
.'uhtU; the' 'committee -Is- ready .'to report.
C'Pti'br-. -to' this ..Franz '._ tCossuth 'made a
JBppecli' Iri'- # whlc.ti" htf that In. view
; of-the : "coj3*fes3.Ip*n of- GdvernoP" Flume that
:Ke- alohV # wa3.-resp6tislfere' for the. attempt
Jtp' brrib>-;D.eVu\y; Eapp, and .that as the
.6bverf)pp was.'cfpseUr with the
P^emlier,". suspicion : .n?ust lalso , attac'h. to
theiVPreniier,: CoiinV I.f the
.'.iattpr : was/uriabje.-cqntpletely'.to reassure
yiibii.c"-'"oprrif6n : -Jie, "was, :Kossuth.' -.added,
firint'fo-'contlnue -}n office.;. 7 -..' . \ .'
i -l5;p'ssutli r s*te"mark'3 '.^erg'.laudly- "heered
Vby. : the...memb'er3 p.f> the.-i'e/t "party, .¦•
• " '"• Bfepijing ."to* Kossuthj: -Premier Hed.er
•Va\nr i7rbmise'd : to-. ¦a'ppear. 'before" the com
¦m1ttee'»qf; Jn'quir^^ and . said h'e rqnstdered
!ft '. wdtrtd^ b^. a. sin against- the" country as
-'.w'eil.aa''.ag.alnst himself. 'ft '.-he resigned as
aYiggeste'd ;bji*KosS,uth..' •'"/ \' ''•'". ¦;
•'.' The./ Premier's' 'atatement ' was. cheered
by 4He rlght:party. ' ;*: ¦' . ' ._'.=
/.sA( a xneeUng^of the Independent party
to-day. . Fra^nk -:Kbasuth. was re-elected
president;-'-' •••*•¦ j;*. ".;• '.. '
• Tl^e bribery .ebnrmission.' assembled this
.evenjlnj^ iand-^ after- -Deputy Papp, who
charged, ithat' ex-Deputy • Dlenes ahd at
tempted-<o. bribe him. with 10,000 kronen
to : desert -the* obstructionist party and
leave'; BOdapest, had given' his evidence,
Ce'urit 'Szapary confessed that he was the
author of the -whole --affair.- He exone
.rafed.Premier' Hederva'ry and. asked par
*aoii "for his* act, which, he admitted, had
injured the dignity of Parliament.
• Vluly- SV-£A warrant has
jbejen issued for' tb.6 -arrest o£ former Dep>
.'.uty Dlenes^whq.'was cha'rged irj"the Diet
with'., having attempted to
bribe": Deputy" -Zploman-.'Papp with 10.000
-.kroner ' to desert 'the obstructionist party
an'd;.le~ave." ; Buda*pe'sji:V .¦.¦"•'.' •* . .
'Kpss^tili^psclarea
; v Preinier Must ./Reas
'•'.-¦ ¦-"¦ ; ' -r sxire Public; ; .'.•§§
" A •• SSpClXilbN-' . t bb-tballesi ' ' are al
•jLV '•.ready.;; beginning •. tP" 'discuss the
'*:^ ';prb»pects- of'.'the approaching aea
'. t . ;- : sbn... Q.' ; .S..; : McCaIlum. R. A. Hook
er,I. :Fbrr*st;..ahd'D. Jamiesbn. have re
.turned^tb CaUf brnii' and are. surprised to
observe .the. interest' -felt, in the -game.
"..TQward (he" .end' of iasfseason. the San
;Francii^co!Associatio_n- -Ebotball .Club had
g'Qriei'o^ut ot-.e^lstence/.the Independent
jeiub 3la.c6e<|licoheslpn,:th& Amr.irtcaji-Brlt
ilsjtij.itlfles".were-'lnterested-.-in baseball or
.cirickej: jand'-ihe Vlainplres'-wers taking up
'lacrbsse s v>/^t ' v fhV-.. pr'esenf-.timei though,
:thV;'^ah'.^raAcWc<i Gl«B-.is dead; the In-
t dependeftts/'V : Me'V.welK- ; organised ; and
strpri'ger. : .thaii-.ftv.ey'..in- numbers'.. -the Al
bloiis-.Bf.Cfeiklan'd h&ve". \bejjome .the-Albion
¦Rpy r ers : -.and;>.areVjlh- vvlgo.ro.us . condition,
; < while.-the .,\'am"plr.es*vthotcgh.'thero'.i3. said
'to;'; te.^sbme-'. internal :tilss£nsibn;. have a
gbbd' "rpit ; of. .itne'n^birii; •.-'*,:.; ¦ • :. '•" '."• >- r
'•: ;T^e'"Am'e"rican-iBritl»ll '. Rlflei,- hare '. al»
mosi : ail; .their ;pi( ; d ; "pi - ayers -and caa make
upvajivexqellept 1^ >feven.---. ' £§» 'ixibiJa Ro
: ,ver^>;g'a\-e;.'an;-.chtj2rtejnment- In; : Gler*«
Hatlli-': Qak*l.and^•¦:Vlaat^¦;TtJesday . evening.
T^e'^e'a^mehls'. Institute' wifL' continue to
. bevatt;'; a3^pclitft : "club ' of :.¦ the, .eallf ornia
"lieajueV^ .;V-V "' j^i-":* "*'..' "v' ; - '^ :^J\' • ''*' ' : ¦ J . ¦ '
\: :jThe--lo'ss''''-oiiythe/Ssn-'i < raiicliicp-' Club will
;b« Strtpra thirti' made "up. by th> o«w clubs
¦'¦ which* hiVev^en- fqrmedi'.'nain.ely. .the Oc
clde'ntal^.;th:e^Thl i 5tie;i.th^ and
•the^:i^ehch":.A>f^dcia^lpn : -FobtbaU clubs.
;TheT.piyTnj?le."Clut i.\w'ni- also: put i. team
:ihtQt.he.rfleldrai?a^^^^^ is- e'jpected- that, the
u'niy.ersiUes;:. 6 : f;.i*Stapf otd- and California
wilfinlak^up^eieyeri's.';*'!-*.' .-, ••.'. j/ T:
;;H;cRb.b^rts;'i^ Pom
:€roj; ":hiave iu3t-:feturri«d".:f ?oin a- vacation
in'.^pnoma.' i Qity. ¦i'durlng"- which .they Jn-
; .trbducpd Vv.ass^la'.tto.rj'.v-Jtbqtb'an. La- -jtho
'.y|pu|h^' of A t6at-..town,-^m^y vbf'.whom are
,fbri'ff!;d^- i pijtd*do^-.'.8p<irta; : .* : i '.''¦•- • •'-. ;-¦
.-vT^.e.-gferierar^rfl'eetirig.' -of .'-'the '.Calif ornia
¦Assotiatlo'n^^F.optljaH" Leaffu.e ; .wlH ' be held
on; /rae'sday- ceyfi'nln £"¦ rTlje'-anhual .'dinner
will' ;~ probably.. be -^e V. f or;' t wo;-' weeks la.ter
. A^ou^j» v m6ritlv.troin-" now ...tlie.' Association
•TpQ.tba.ll .-LeagtreF'-wrllli.orgajiize. and elect
; p.fflt.ers;;'>;.f.6r i>V£tOf, i -jcomirig -'season, j The
-m«aais..':wbn.- .by;. : the :'; 'American-British
'Rifies.-forx'jfre c.hiampibnihi'tt'.of last Reason
•¦wtir.be-;pres]en.ted' : at'theyannual dinrjer.
BRIBERY CHARGE
STIRS THE DIET
¦ p|*. OR ;the : . third time/ without; A '.breafc
»¦• the' jAngels -cahterjed-away" frb.ni.ihe
• I •¦¦'/Cripples. yesterday.%ffetooon Without
-;". - a- great ; deal of reffdrt.' '-.For. a : whilo.,
the'.'iuck ..'"of .fLpHman'B ./men; saved- i;hetr \
•.op'ponentS''fVo'm*scori^runW:ln"at:-'cee^
due! ¦ to be ':} made, 'atv.any;- minute./ .'..This
screak' :pf. good' fortune; soon* ceased^' hbw-i.
eyeiY and. .then the. ••atickecsfrpin tKe.."sunn^
?south^ got busy ¦arid ~wdn ¦ ojut. - : ScbreV" 4
t&x ¦-•*•;' :-:¦/. I-,-..-. -'-:-?V- -.?'¦» -•- .Ai^^vo/;;
V.The /Cripples :" v : c6uid: .'ri'pt'ihi.f.^Iail-r'^t^aU^
.One;rf our^safe.l'singles.. were^ -made'. ;p.ff 'hiar
came: aB^;1;ogie^«jtt;;iK*''.tQM^-ioAi^
This ibr'bught ;in J a ;run..' f pr the'; Crfpp;les;:
and,.saV;ed .themV,frDm- the'-drsgrace/df ;.)i
whitewash;/.: which^wbiurd sujcely-haye hap-r
pened had hot luek : 'beeii-:. with' vtherh.' •.;;.;
> -The; game' .wag^'Slow:a"hd. devtild ; pt. -jMiy
lil'teres'tln'g/fea'tvr.es : Vflaye'.^neV-f^t-/.::a^d-
shappy.; fielding of Buik Franclfai ¦ and j\xn?
lny^ ;.Toman^'^Thes'e/rlval¦'.¦;8hptstop
lh.the "beHt ''kind 61 r -;form ; and~ ; piayed;'t.h;©
game as It is -seldom -tb<|^Jottao]iR;-<pl.i^^
: for -,;liOSf ¦ AngelftB,' commit ted .three - errors
'for his-; team arid. ' seemed !uriable ta >top
anytWiig. that canie. hfs lyrky> ; :; i-v- -:¦'¦'¦¦ ir- t
¦ 'tee '' •'¦•'.¦was 'Vwllftoi 'or- the- most.-pait; . byt'
during -this. V&r^y pprtlbn-of. the. game he
'pitcKetl weil a>id * held ! the- .AJigelsVdbwrL.
¦But: as sbpn; as they-begahito; land" on;
him .the rest :wa3<-;easyV: • -DiUon ."got the
only long :hltof,-the r game; : 'a. ¦ tWQ-.bagge'r-'
.'i4H^t«^si^'m^'ttiJB;-^alrith- < -bi^^;?.^'r'^
: , { Charley . : SchTtr'artz. ': the' • fdrmer'. Sea ttla \
!s^dp'd-;ba^emanr ; .'who' : 'wafe.!latiel^;*trjid'ed
to ttikian'd, play^dMs- first game %l):h. the .
latteir ¦-. team yesterday; He -was
¦qeiyed by; the. -jroWd antf acceptedHii few.:
chances; at third base'>lh-;gbod forhi;; . fle
falled to-do anything: >rtth the; Vat ftnd'hls'
pre'Beric.e : ;Dn.I the/team' did' nbt-keena ¦¦. td_ ixu- '-'
f use -any^ life intb. the :Grrp'pIei. ;TheVsc6re':
-•' lid*-' AnjeleB-^ :' : ••¦ " r « '[. ; ; 6aklaiid— '•¦<..: ~'i- ¦ ' 'v :
¦-••¦.': -..- ¦¦¦¦;'¦¦ -ab. -n, b. p; a4 ; ;-; v ¦¦¦;¦ asu-r; b. p; a:-
Hoy.cf . ; ..-.4 0. ,6 ¦ 3: 0- 6' Hari. cf 4- O ! 1 . . 2 . .0
Whelxiib -4- -l-C %¦• ¦:¦* . ; l|Krn<?k9,ss 4 0-.l-;i ; |4'
Bfnith.3bw'2, ' 0- 1-..2 .'..IHMrilclc.rt; 4v;l" p.; t' : .i>
D'iiron.lb V5-. I : -2:-» •OlSch-w^.'.ib '*-'¦ 6 ; ..O ¦ 0 .:!>
Cravth.Tf 4-. Q"-0 .6;' 0rBxterV2b."3 '^0 .1 :"1 : ««
RossilS/. .4- l.-t .S^O^skm'ri^lf.^/O- .1 M ".1
Tomah;ss43':l;-: 2M:.. 3|M»»rly;lb"!2: o;;o'l»-. 6
Spies'^-.,. ¦•• 4 :• 0 '_ 2 -3 : :"2 jGcrtPn;*:'. 3\ • 0? O=5 ¦$, ¦¦¦ 0-.
tifafiyuif ':0'yi\ ; Q- ;'5X5e,.p-,.,, 3"-; O"r'9-..','0f?. '6-'
'¦'. \ Tc»tai8 : ti' ' 4' J[6, K'' : 12 \] yJTf&Jijn .; 1 ' <; : 27,'w
: \ f. > "•'Rtj'N'S.' ANb ; ,-Hi.T3 ¦ B Y' rijNIN'ds- ; '.; ." -. . '? •
Los-rAngjiles.v/.v-.O 0 ,' 0 'O.-.a 1-. 1.- M ¦" '¦:t- r i z "4»
-Base hltsr..'.:...0,-2 -O'..! • l.'v:i'.^. 2r-1.0
Oakland. .. .-.:... ri O?ap': 1' " O .,0- O 0..%0^- \.
•..Bas^ hits'.."; .s>:I : . pV ;O-. 3. 0/ 0;' O -.0" 0-7 4,
•"¦¦; •' ¦ : : : : : - •;'•' '¦T'-'.^^.suMitART::' ¦¦."¦ > ; ? : ¦} " ? <^ : -
'. Stolen •bases.-iM&s.k'linan.v Smith, ?Hoy.r -Er-'
Tbrs^-Wheejep- 3, •' 'Francks-. Baxter. . . 'Mej.serly.:
: Two-base: hit— DlUon. .' Sacrifice' hfts-rrWHeeler,
Baxter.' Toman, 'Smith. Flrsfbaae on er'ror»-f-'
OaklanS -2. Los Angeles- 2. -First *ase on called.
ba-lls-i-iOfr Hall 1, off.. Lee 4. -Lef U on • basest-.
Oa'klahd*..3,- Los -Angeles- 10l >. struck -out — By
Hall 3= bjrLee 1- -Hit .by-pitcher— Hall. * D0V1-.
Die"-'- plays-^-Baxter.'to • Francks. to :' Hesserly,-
Messerly (unassisted). -.Passed balls— Gontoh 2;
T4me -of" gkme^-1 hourC5 minutes. '.Umbire-r
¦(yeohnell.- •¦•:-.' " - •¦•"/¦.• .-. '"•. •'.'•• . • •'
iictABJJANJ> SHOWS '.'• UP 'WELL.
•Portland's '••»¦' Ne-w* ¦• Twlrl.er ' Allows
v'X' .• .:; : Uncle's. Men'. .Three Hits. ;' '• :':.'
'; TORTliANp/ July. '3i.T-San : Francisco:, wajj
able to hit McFarland, Portland's new^twirleii;
But three •times to-^ay. : , LJhdsey". wa< hit ef
fectively.- --The" work: of. botti. teams WSs< fast,
but >ltbout special feature: Attendance. C000. :
;Sc6re; ¦ :-~\ : - ;'-'. -'./:'¦' '-:'-•:{. --• •" . : .':':-'- .
Portland :.. :!!,.. ".2 .6 0 i 0 6:2 1 x-ir« ;, 12 : .: • 5
.•San^F-ranc.fscoi^.O 0 ,O.~o; O.t.O.Q' O^l'-. . 3* ..¦ 0
.• ./Battertea-^McFa'rland. "and yigBeuxj^tlndsey.
and Jacobs. -¦;.- • ... .'.'.•.••'••..¦... rr ?
- -SEATTLE, ¦.¦July':31:^ : Seattle;. batted
-hard -and' won:from- Sacram'entB-.wiOv'ease-'this'.
aherTidohV-r though" Drohah's wlldhess'i gaye^the
A-rsltors'.foiJr.- runs' -.In '.the last. : £wa«. innings..
•Sc6re:--^^>" '..¦-•;•*. •¦¦':'¦.- "r'V. : V. ;'¦:..•»' '¦'¦¦ • '• '-.•«"': - t: :
¦*._.-...- .•".-' - 1 * " •» 'i • . --..•¦ "*}'» **¦*•, • T> •• J .TT* -'. TT '
: Sea'uie f - VI » ; ;ii"..Il O-ols" 2..0 2\ Ox— 7.;' v - 10*." . • 3
¦'.Sacramento' ... ;....i : 0"-0-Q ,0 _O 0.0 3.' Vt&c • O '••.;v4,
. '£¦'.^'a^teFiea^r-rjTphan. .'and- ¦vy'llsoti-;-"Ctitter . -and
•HogahA' ? : < '.£•¦¦¦'">."¦ . * : .'¦ - v-'. : . \:- '¦: , jJ : - ' . "'-I.: *¦ '
SPOKANE .vWINS..BY:.r;A .BUNv;
L^illliardtV. PUzzles^. .Former' .^Tearn-!
v^ mates'and Hltii.piit-. a/Hoine -Biiif ; v
STANPING. OK .THE ,'CliUBS.
--;/.- '.'I.- :;j|Faclflc .Katlo'nal'i«'ague;) ;¦'^*c' ".:.••?
¦¦^¦•V- ¦'"¦• ••¦w; : fi>: : Pctf.-- .:••' . '::.. w^t,:. pet.
Xos Ang'^BQ .34 : :634 £ati;IYanv:49; 44* < :327-.
-BUt*e ! ..'.V.M'.37'.'.693 Tacoma--:..S8,'63 • .41S
: KpoWtfne :;53 V SO^-.tTe Helenas •.¦..•32-.55.'..3«8
¦SeaVl*>T.;'48V42- .633J^aH' .La;k.e^l'O. 17; XB{
¦.iSFpkAJJE., Jdly.-rfl.— Spokan'e,.woh the. best
•game'd'f' the'-"Beasi5n.'here-.to-day.-.-.Leibhirdt-was*
'secured' from* L»s.'A.rigeles'. before .the.gam«-and*
Weld, the 'Angels down to eight hits-.- Ha knoc.kecT
¦a'fiome'run the;-nx8t time .up. ; Attendance, J85CC
«cor 1 e:-> ; Vy; y,'f . : ,V V ;^:v;.- .- "^ .;.£.
Spokftn* :..;.'.. ;10-b D.O.O 1 l'6-3:' l"\ 1.
.iJS, Arifeele«i.-:-:.l.p 0 0.-0 l'.0«0 0-2 ' S . .2
.-'Battert.es-2-Lelbhardt and Hansoh; j'ohnsonr
and/Hildebtand. Umpire — "Warner., *.• --^
- "taCOMA," July 31. — Helena's batting was*
terrific, all of. Baker's passes were costly anil
the contest to-day was one-sided, the locals
bejng unable to. hit Carter consecutively. Muller
and Frary each made t-wo home runs. The
fielding of both teams was lax,, catches by
Lawlor and Fay being the only features. Score:
•! . • *. R. H. E.<
Helena •. 1 1114 0 5 0 0—13 u . 3
Tacoma- 4.0 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 1— 3 8 3
¦ Batteries— Carter and Canisch; Baker and
Byers. •' .'•
• BUTTE. Mont.; July 31. — Zearfoss' failure to
locate the ball at his feet In tne fifth gave
.Butte the only run to-day. Four "little hits,,
were all the "sluggers"- got oft Stovall. When
ever there was a hit the ball fell Into a field
.er's hands. Score: • .
R. H. E.
Butte .« ;..;.o o tfo i o o o o— i . 4 8
San Francisco. . .0 0-0 1 0.2 0 1 x — I . 7-4
Batteries — Dowling and Swindells; Stov&ll
and Zearfoss; " • • . .
. SEATTLE, July • 31. — The Insurgents all
HANDICAP
FOR AGED
BRULARE
H aWt hor h e Qdd Leiyers
:-. m Pay I Q : Do I lars f or j
tc> :Wiprrer's Backers
Bon d age^;^The G iye r a h d
: AJacfdin Are butlSlpses
; • Apiirt Urid^r thfe ¦Wi'r0
Bpeclal Dispatch to The "Call
GHIGXGO. July : 31.^Eight-;year^)ld
! Brulare ; ;.; 3the; -feafur^
• *.T*ht'ti»^aay .^a.t'^kwtlibrtoa^tljui
¦¦ ."•¦: . ': inlle.ahtil a .sixteenth- handicap; -by;.
: a ' h ? 1 *' J ength..with bondage; VT^VGh*er :
and Aladdin 'hosei apartV As.'gpod 'jas 10
to> 1 %J r as laid .against Brulare's' chances;
Bessie, /McCarUiy alwiys juUrlg favorite."
>-quld probably; haye. ivbn' with 4
a ."better . ride. •¦.-*. XVeatfierv clear .aad .cooh
: CMppy.-, 5u'rhinai-^: v: ¦ ;. { :. : -. ,:.-.£ ; -
v ? FIRST 'llAC&^^^^
Betting. .^Horse. Wejght, /Jockey:' St.- % Fta '
£0 to. l^Kj^torla,;-104v(s, Bonnw); 7.:^a^h':
\v7nnT- i- : 5 C 3 '?,' l 1 '?^ > oisdi : Won/drivin^.-
;C: R, . jlrow'heU's br. c. 'b°y Pirate' of
PenMnc.e-I>uzelIe. ; ' «lng . . Rex ' iOlf
SMff^im? tI5*- — y" 7 u ? lwl; Terjelli 109 ' Showl
d!< . ft . 10 *i . Pob.rpuck Oi); also .ran. y . , r ¦ >¦ . ' V
. .SECdNn.RACE-Sfx rfurlphksr ielllng. . ~ " '
jppttlng ¦ orse ; Weight; Jockev. V 81;%- Fln •
T *° ?-r*V wee t *<3oth r 100 (Henry). 9 : 2. 2 n^
w T n^* *'** n Poo* -.Won easily:
5 innev -Arthur & Bhewer's b.- m. by Bolero
105. OracjQus .UC,. Jaubert- 104, Somersault 04,
Hpwendobler 86, JBesheka OS. also 'ran. • \- • ..
haSScSp^ 0 "' :«»*;*¦ sixteenth^les:
Betting:-, riorp*.' :Welght;'. Jockey. : 1st. Si pin'
« to l^Brulare. !!>*•< Henry) . V. ', . a ? 1 h
* jo; l^Boiidage. ; fl3 (Rq,bblnp) . : ;, 7 4 2 h
W^m^ T^ 3 l * rt r Kb<3di : '• Vl'Qi driving.
X"^; ©arden & Cp.^ b. m: by Brad-
f^^^^Tell.^ ¦Alkda-ln 102, Beisle McCar
l^L Mcht 100, Semper Vivum 02,
also taji. .Hurrah, left • ' \ . . .
¦ .?OL RTH RACE— Six furlongs, selling r ¦/ i
e V ln fA vHoTse.^Veight; Jockey: '.-.. StI '.^ Fin
® J^ 10-KentOckian; lOKPhllllpsy r,-? i^t/
-V^i^v' -¦•S°^' 10 ° <KnlghtM V2>3 2-^
«^ ¦ V-15, Btart good. Woa easily. v : Wlh
ntr.;.- Durnell .. &;Herr's-ichi..h.:; by Pirate of
Ji??**? 0 *^*- 1^. - Mptitrbse. ; Charlie ¦ '." Grainger
; V T' .'Mfracle II lOi.Sir Chrlsto
phierOiv Censor' 99; alBor ran: .'-• :: - -" v ¦-•¦..¦•
v; FlFTH^RAc^^Five.^furlongsVvsellin^:*'" ';.' : - "¦' *
Betting; . H^t«-;welgni:; Joi-key: r 0 se ?i FlnX
T:to.l^Appninarls..;>:>:<L.\Vilsoh)V. 4 :-4Vl 2
9 to 1-rChapcl; 104: <1V. Wildo).,.. 8 5' -2-h -'I'
7 ™- 108 (J, Relff)y. . Vi ¦:&, T : - 8>n
: Tin 3*r: **£ *- s - .K'bodv-' Wpneailly: 'Winw
S e T'^.'iu e V^ eo ' tt > **¦ - H -~ b y- Requltai-Polnatee.
fcoi. Smith 102; -Cognomen .101; Sclpio 105. Bah-;
wen.ip4.vMlss: .Mi Ule- 04, DorJce -03.- Ralph
\ oung 102,:L*ura Belle. W; also ran. - . .^
.¦VSIXTH^RACE^^v^nturlrnp!.. purse:- :: >- :; -' :; '
Bettfnk. , v.'HprseVWejght;. 5 Jo/-key; . : St: r : *i¦'Fin^•¦
• J,to: 2j-<?o)6nial ¦GirK^S^H'flg'sn)' & .i l^",
10 tb l-r^Toin Curt/ . 102 ;(Polliik).-.». 3' 2 ' 2 : 2%
7 to;i'T-Headwja'ter. '3O6.'.(H^niV).. 5. 3V3/-n : - .
;:Tlme;..l:-28.3-5;. -•Start/'exce'llent.- Won-. In a
capter;;,;W-lhher^'t:;;-E;^Rpxe'Ji;bv^f:';by^Med-:
dler-SFrlngtitre: = .Moablna'102. : .btis' Ii5/-Scotch
Plaid/109, ; -Evening, Star, :iO2,: also^ rkn. ''..- . .•"• •
HAWTHORNE /jENTBIES.
: :CHICAGO.vJury.3i;—WeatherV clear;' track
fa*t..;.,Ilaw.thbme .ehtries ::'•'- ' ¦• ; ¦':¦ '¦ . • '¦.;-'¦ .-' '. . '.
• • Flr#t.- race;' ".'six -.•furlong*— Bu'ceanVer ¦ "II 0 '
BlUe'.Dariter.lOS. AUdftor 108, ThfrHebrew : 105;
Klwood 105. Peter J.-.Soiners 103,. Black" Wolf
.105, -Cognomen .102.": - -• •; -- ¦¦-•¦.• •.:.•..••... • ¦.''.-
.•Second race., furlongs, 'Highweight.han'dl-'
cap rr Pkillful •122.."SaTdl-ne-. : 118;-.'Uritnfum : 114"
3^ie Kentuckian - 114,-. Big Ben 111; | Martinmas
108. : First- Chip 1O8. : - -. . > - ¦ -. .- '.V •: . •:
--..Third ra.ee.'. one. and -.*. halt tniles;'-> Superior
.handicaps-John Bright .116,. LAicieh ApplebVll4 '
. Nitrate-; 108, .. John. :,MeGuTk" 10S,' * Aladdin • lOi""-
Barca,-B2, Airlteht. 00;- (Lucien- Ap&l«hy- and'
Nitrate; .DurneH .entry.) v. .-/..x :.¦'¦'¦¦. .¦.-•¦¦.••
¦ '••Fourth' ralce," s'h6rt-:couf«e. steeplechase, han-
dlcapVPaul. Aker 138." Senator ; Mattsl35; Fa
lella.. J33.. --Handv4ce 132, \ Morinda- ISO, 'Spurs*
127... Nat* 125, ;¦•••: - - : - : . •'.. '• -' • ."• - .. ;¦ ' :;• ,.- - *•:-,.
Fifth 'race,, one and* ah eighth njlles; seillng-^-"
Greenock; 1W. . Marcos .105. :HayiIarid ;103, t'on
eoluca 1P2; Prairie; -Dog :W,\'jC-;? BA Canijpb^ll 9S|
, Ixiu : Woods fi7. ¦¦•Serge <tG; -Sailor's r>rea:m 83 ;
Our Bessie 91, . Safeguard 81, Barney 'Bur^e 80,-
Fading Light's*: •• : ¦.•:-;:.••¦. .;.¦-:' :.•• ;•¦..•¦•.¦¦ ¦•'¦
Eiith.rice. one mile^Grand I Opera ! liO Paul
Whaler liM,.McGee.»4,: : Ahola' 04;- liura Lighu
.«E'jBj|..;. '¦¦¦¦ ,Vr.-'v/'.-; : iy--r\i' ¦¦¦'\^l r\ r.-'A^.;-?-." -*¦
'.C'.-- Mawthorxe -^Ei^icTiioNsi •'"¦"
¦-.¦:'¦ '"?.': '.-.fByihe "-Chtcago "literv Gcean^^V^.''- >' ; '
Fir* t Race— Auditor, Tlie .Ilebre vr,-
Elirood. ¦¦";¦¦/¦•' :..';'¦:'¦ :<', ¦¦.:'¦"; '.-.;¦ -v.'>.-.".- •• -'-•,-' ";'¦
;• -JSfcoiid ;.:Race—-The '•¦.'? Kentneklan,
-Sardlnr, Ulir Ben. ->' k- i:.. .... .:;.•>¦';
: • -Third: Race T^phn'.3IcG0rk,rLucien :
Apnl.f^J-.^Alr.llifht;. .•¦'.-•¦ : ';v-."--^;-v >';>:'¦: -r--.,'
. Fourtli Race— Faiella, 3Ioranda,
Hun dVliee.''. •.-¦ v ¦" C' :-•- '.•= :^':.- ¦ r\ ¦'¦ .- •);, ;; >./¦ \- :.;./.:¦¦.¦ I
. . . • FUtfa: Race— Havlland, Onr Bf anle, '.
. Serkie.'-:-. •- . = .- i '¦':•"-- V -¦- V-"-.. ••:.'. - v ="; ¦¦'¦ :'¦ ' >•;;. :. ••>•¦- \; > ;
: Si * * h- Ra ce G rand Qpe ra, McGee. (
Abola. . : -.;'.-.--: *,.. '¦¦¦¦¦.:'¦¦ ¦..'¦.;¦¦;/. : V-;- .'..y ; \;fV^-.'.' >..-*;j
IS THE WORLDS
FASTEST TROTTER
Pern
bitioh Heat. \
NEGRO LAD
LANDS TRIO
OF WINNERS
Jockey Hickis is Getting
': at\the; Jamaica Track
* Lord re$
i:' ;^. jthe F?ic^rnjond Sel Jing
r ; ; §tkkes- 1 n Hard 6 rive
¦'•v' .-' '. ''.' VfoeHfci ''JMtj^itch ' <o "The'. : Call. .. -V .V
yAM^Ip-i. -B-VCE^ -TRACfk,' : July 31^
¦" Iri/:the. .abstrrce; -of •.heariy.' all "the; ;
-.ifat^ Vockc j^s : from Jarsaica . track.
-r>> '• • the. ; ieicr6 : rider, ;¦ Ilicltfc^from 5*ew
Orl'ei'ns. r 'is; -^«tln.g -all o/:the^fet)6d moUnts
jahd^.tq^dafj'r&e' won' : tjifree'; ¦rac'ea.v. : .I?e[.be-'. i
inV(h?;o>enl.rig"daEh i after an exeitiniE
r^i'ftg^te v^B^fc'LSyird^-;yii^;-«ertM*W be!
v just''nqw:A ; ,ery' : 6:oodL. ;-'<;V-.; ;.-. . :¦ ::"..";•;¦..-•;¦ .*• :f-?\
¦ Vkf . UP-*? : th* icvera.Be.; jr : he :
"*aij^to«n.d^-^?ViiiXis ; ;istok*a;vpr>jy.ea;:lbx :ta.f.
fii'e ; 'b't;st 'ivVtft;' ¦ .JSafnb'o :• wai .the; first.. to ¦
. : i^ee^.*i^"by:-thie : .t^
.jf^eV'h* ' ->'ia? ':"iast: •• <3v and- 'Lor 1 *
¦-Ajiyociite rushed to the front, followed by
: liajfivVGr^en^ .A.*; they: reafhetl the , back '
; :elr«-cS: ;^fd;- Advocate took the lead and
: racked -\afoHe;. In. front ;¦ to ' the heid : of the '
: . ftt'ceVthi'v. '&i\ ik\s 'point ¦•SJ^S^*'rb^!s^;tff :
'iYobeV-rapiaijv . ; When/ they-': were ¦etraight
- t^d; JQUt. iifrd '¦: Ad vocate drew- clear-; from
¦injb' <|iK|Pr6 'aiijl . raced in front to the end,
wisnnr&- 3. bead- from SambOi" . The stake;
'i was- worth ' : '%VfiS : to, the winner.- .Summtry;
. "¦; ; -FJIiE-T : ;tlACE-i-Six torlonlrs; .handicap; 'ail
; :'asts.'f.> ''-'¦¦'. >'\':"'. '.''.-¦' -\'-'^' '.:¦ ¦ ¦¦-.¦.¦.'•,¦':¦.. ••' ; ¦'-.• .'¦' --.'vv
¦."iiftrisir— tl»rise:. : * \vilrht, ; J.ockey, • St. % Fin;. :
:fi'-ttfl : -^ ; Xort'hern Star, 120 XHlcks) 2 1 ; 1 2
8 v "t6^2— S*f:in'i" ail.lHobertson).-... 1 .2 2 8 .:
«.-'j.o'-i— Wealth. 1*J5 »\Vilkers.on).,. 5 7 3 n
•> :.i Vl*4.-,5. . Plant bad. -Won -ridden out. •
AV i r.titr tJ .' J . jSnill h - s ch,. c. by- Hanp'ver-Btar
ligbt. iriyrtaiCCi;: CapUvator 102; Neither, One
V\. -Flying ifuttress .l.WJ,^ Bonner 1OS. *lso ran.
; '-^.'Qne;;''.mlfti and seventy .
¦>-ar3f; : .iseilin|f:v. . " '•: ¦'•'.'.¦ ; . ¦•'..'.;•.' •'.¦•' - ¦¦'.:.:¦¦?¦'-* \.
'.¦Bettlns-^iiorVe': Wei'rht,' Jockey. Bt.! ¦%. Pin. .
3 to 1 . i^lrfth-Jewei.: UH5 • (Illeks) .» : 5. & 1- 1", -':
' 4 to l^P.a'ftV yt> HOesbuia) . . . : . . ... « J . .. 5
,« to l^roactmaSfl, OSiFoley). ... ••-.* ? 3 5
' Jim,' iV47*-5. ytart -poor. Won easily.
¦Winner. P.- -Si.; Clvill-a ch. •¦«.: by 6BrtnKb«ic-
EmeruJ^. v'Kicly " Eve P9. Lady 66.;
Judr« Fulton- al.Eyafnyder »*. Gibson XJght
103 .tJyuia Vl'.'J-ady Miistake fe6, FMtoral.gt,
IJdw!y;^.-.:irHie'."Blue":iOl;;al«p ran. : • ' ¦•\W:{\, .¦ :
TjilRD RACE— F-ive and a half furloncs; ?-.
yftarroide.; ¦pu'rtt:'. .'.'/'¦¦/¦;.¦.:':¦¦ :¦'¦.¦ ' ;".¦'."";! : " v v-"'. - ¦"
Iiettl'KE^ H-ijrse; . TVelpht. Jockey. St. *i Fin,
15to:i^ttc5a;t.i!eb.:ll.'> (MeCaffty) 7 8.12.
'iiiiq'.I— B'.acK 66<'k». il« (Haark). 6 6 ,2 3 .
: .'. Vj'1-^.piwstHiy.- ,110. ¦\t*BT.tm*n).. : . 4. -5; 3.>4 '
" " Tlnie. . >; 10. "' Ptart poor. '.. ¦ Won driving. '¦ .Wih^
pff » /Jr. .11 '. Wliitney's -ch: /CfMtJT ; -Farohdale
ljiewihp.-. BQUv,ter 112, ReAelatioh liy, Flowtr |
< llt - G'.kd .."Smile 110,. Owrhand .110. Bright wood
nol-'Ru'by H.enJpstead-llOi Privilege "110. Red-';
.rji&h'.licr.'. £irs:er. '.Slipfer IIO; Esther Reed' 110.
' LtiA'y ¦ •• :..'.•-' : '•..;¦'{¦
RASrE-^Gfee and. a sixteenth irtlies;
¦tti* Rlchnlond'. Selllcp 'rStak.es; : 3T-year^>lds and :
¦uik. ', ..'¦ y A?V->C:.: ; .:.': ; - : ;.V : : r&'-ril
•!V;ttir.«-4HorsV; '-.Weight.- . Jockey. > ; St. . «4 Flit ¦
|5 . l0 v—1.. .Advocaie,- >) .(Q'Brieri). 3, -2 lh ¦'
4 to'l^K*ir.bo. Jll' (Cochfani:>i.l : V: 2-%.
t \3 to l-^-G.*:\\piftti?f-.':110-nOin^pn)y, 2' 1.3:2;
Time; 1*.C9. . f.tarf pood..'' W.on. driving; -Win."
ner. -O. L. ltlchards". ch. 'c. by .'Kantalki .Or Per-;
«l.lais«>-Golden Fleece.."--Homest£ad' ¦ 101. -Daiijy •
<Jretn 103. £etayk^K.1.06.>A'thelroy ; ;89< alE.o'rtni.
FIFTH- RACE-rtJie-inik'. and Wri-entr j-jirds-;
¦puirf: • :•¦•"'*'.' .¦„/¦:':¦¦¦.'•.'•..*••¦ ¦¦:.:'.
IVttmg— IJorfV. WeighC -Jockey.'- St. ¦%. T.\ni .'¦
A to 1— £ir- Roche; 114VHicks)-.:..'4--.2 -.'I'-a". -
l*n to I— SalorA,-10!T ,Dangman)..'10 . -3 .2.2 :
UK, to 1— i:. Ke!ston!.m'.<Carifini5. 5.. -3 .
Ttme. ' l:18^-5.' '.6ta.rt falr.i."\>>ri .- drtv'irig:
Winner.' W. J. Roche °4 ch.-'.c'.' by S-fr'KnirhtT"
Ar.r.ie Bishop. Stonewall 114.' Albany Girl 103;
l^ady Kniphthood . ine. Aminte • 109. "Vrilllain
stead 114. RcyAli=t 111.- Colonel Rorer lll/Mor-
Iy Mor.bpble ICO.'Wuch L>an- I14;'-V«ioa. 111. -.
¦Ken Coua. 114. PafFbook "111,- .Thoughtless- 103.
Ear] of Norfolk 112,'aiso. ran,': -. ¦;; :; .• " • -.¦;
PIXTH RACE— Bix ' furlongs ; ; \ 2- year-oidei
selling: • ••'-.¦• V. .'¦',' . ..•'*¦'
letting— Horse, . Weight; 'Jockey. :¦¦-' .Et: : ' : «4 Fin.- '.
Su>1 — Kingsborb. 0.7 <Fo'Wy)--. .-.-.. -3 : 6 1 2 •.-."-.
« to l-^-T1thonlc,' 08 ¦ «T\~a!nw1-ight) . .4.'. 2" 2-2 ¦'.
0 t to 1 — Anna Hastings.. SJsS- (Des'-za.) 5-. 3-. -3 1 ' -•
Time. l:ie.4rS.- Ftart pc*>r-.-:.-Woft -.driving/
Winner. J. il. ra'rtls bf;-c.'..ty Giildeh -Crown-
Benevolence.' :Gold"T.ip : 03;. EclecUc. :iO6,.Adel
Tre-bla • S4, 'Honey; --Bee -'jpi.-!--Ollstinent- 91, ; -The"
BroftTi M.6r.arch- -J.03,-* .also -ran. '•: ¦',-. ¦'.- : •¦.¦-¦••
JAMAICA
ICETl* .ypRK,'Ju!v'-31, -^Weather' clear;- track',
fast..' . Jaina)ca.'.-e.p,trSfes ':'-.'..'¦'', •;'..';:•-•: "I;.-" ;• ". .-¦• ¦'¦'¦'¦
. First rice/iii furionr*.- Veiling— Fleitful 101.-
Choate JCft,- Roue; jrK>.; :c;'ha'r3es' \V.: Sleyer 101,
Cheat. TErri- l<K5;',P>iri II' 1-W • K^hherOne 104.
Our, "JCujfeet 87; •I^rd.'rurcb. 1.01" I .Isla'112^ Show
Girl 0<i.' T*m " :D. • Jr: , 10*," Prahc^r 1Q8. : -Virgin
Soil 10a," J.udpp- Fir5t,"an-:O7 ; -Amy.. A-lOt.- Allyir
100. Lu^r.r.:lirj;;ju^k.Ji}nkin'JD3, Orlbfj.lO*: .'•.
. *5econd. ¦ ract* •¦ ¦¦ iljf . :.f u^lbng*;- .two-yea'T'-^oids;'
Ridg-ewood- ¦hah.'JJcip^Rac.e .; King-. 120. Ilazel
' wood 12i. Pie.Tita.ur, 121. iTfra ¦.PaiTJe.'llT.ylsiilsCn.a.
1 15'. Ned Moor* -i.1 1.- . '(Pentaur -anif 'Tihi" Payrie.'
MoGinnis entries.)"' 1 --;./ '•..•¦;••.; — ..;:-¦ '+••¦?{. •'.-.'
Third r*ce ; '.-6ne-."an'd.* : sixteenth mil'ps." haii'di-
cap — Lord Bafige ns. Satire/l 15, Colbhsay 110;
April £hower:~10«;-"LS:>'»n-ian r 165 i .Xia^Qj[i-83,'.
Lelpfic 97, SalIpr:;Knct^U5."." ;-.:" :¦¦¦' ."-••: :-'.- : ".;"
. Foyrth- raceV'te'n'e.'a^M-ari^lg.'hth/TOifes;'- th'ree
yesir-olds. Forest "Kandtpafv^-Duke"'. of-. K>ni]al
V2Z.- Sheriff -BKl.' 1W ' "W. 1 Jt -C^don \l\*i
. Colonsay 115, :. Tti«.al." JBeyylO7; " Athclrpjr IWJ,
ctide 103. •¦•.'./¦-. - ¦•:„-/: ¦'/; ¦.»:?. ' : '*\>':\y^-''>'
f KISth race. "'five. 'and « •hiir fuTibriBF.-jmafdeii
two-year-olds— KJolJd- gr>&t i-lOT;: Fern rRpck-llO/
.The Bowery -JlO-Auf. \Vi.*d«*ehh -i:O.VG.biii"en.
4C<7; •Funnvsltle.-ii'T.-'Pol ItoJrer--110.-
Monitor: ai0.'-G*>s\3irme-- Ilff ; -iCaddi^.ifac" 107;
<Oold Tif) 110,...Donn>Ui; -ITO.- Glad-" J?rhHe>igfv'
iCap'and Gnx«i-t0?. .Hahdfl^'.iJO; ;Bouyl"^r;.lOT v
' fc'ixth . rarf . »on'e •m'ile«'ahd :>> verity ' yardj'i'-tM'li 1
inp— Faranrat* .100,: :-ftarfev Prane"f TCi;' • Khl.tal :
10«' Ethi'-*- ril. 'Clnclh'na't'uj' . -tOl; : Sir- Florian
106. Cloche. M'©r: -SU/. Helen :C."PV'.U5.r"Bi|kel
Kio; Profitable -.83, ilyUnd-'ltrs, ; v Ju<" : r.e-..Pultpn
ft*. Blue- Vlctcr* 9h.-.Leipsic aa, -liaickensicK
1>5. Carroll Z>J.qKTloyil Pirate .Si,Athelrpy.«8.
f- JAMAICA* SELEGTTIOJJ?.;'.^ ¦¦/¦'¦¦:
(By the. New"- Tork"Te"li;frraph-.) :•'•¦"%.
' Flr«t n mw>-^1*1 1 1 ii^ f I J ..P»Ufj"."O.iij.'
TVasreet. * '¦ r • *•'. l -.-<-'/- : ». ¦.•"':..'•
Second Itofr— — «nilor Knot, Sallrp,
Lord Badtre. : • *~ • ... : .'•.':'-.: :
Third Itacf- Ha«HTrood,--nace.
Klnir. loblana.' ." ' . *. /" • "• : * v ¦]
((¦urtii Ract XV. II. rnnd«ii,.To-
C nf Itr>. Doke of Kendall.- .- .--...". .
Fifth Race— Golden Mallow, Fern
rork, Pol Roiper. • ¦„ \' • '.
Sixth Race — Cincinnati!*; J>lp«Ie,
Judge Fulton. ' .. \ ; .- •
'ol ] a.'.hea.vy. '. b're.eze . that . b'leVr.^d.dwri. the
home etretchi'Lo.u niHon,.^b-wrie'd 'by' Ci.K-
.Billings' of : Chicago- ami. dr'1'v.en ' by Mil-
lard-. Sanllers,' succeeded • in : .break"ihg^ her
record this'.aifternodo. at -the- 'Glenville
•track... That she 'did' not break the world's
record .¦•for. ' trjbfters, .' 2:02«4, 'held', ijy
"PrefceuR for two years, 5 . was* due entirely
to' The ' Wirid.'.as- she. -went- to* th.e th'reer
quarters-ppie in. 1:31%: ."But for the -wind
she- 'would- have, -made the- .last -quarter
ln-thfrty.' : .Beconds...As- it was, >lt. took' her
•one 3pcon$ longer,- the .time for her mite'
being • 2:02 s i,' -beating -her own' .pr'evions
time*^ by .t hree.-quarters-..of a. sfecond and
beatl'ng'.The Abbot's time, half a second.
Summary;"- '\ "• . • • " ; . :- ' .. •-. .•'. '..;
'¦ "2:27 trot." purse $J000 — Robin "Zola' .won' -two
Ftiai^ht treats in" 2.:-J2i,i.' ¦2:1X. -Judje' Greene,
.King Slnrihons, Benni«f Russell. Crown* Prln-
Cffan'l Ellen 'Wood also started.
• .2:12 trot.;purse $1500— Judge Cullen won the
flret and ; ' third., heats ip 2:10%, 2:10^.'; Jim
Ferry -won .the' second heat .In* 2:10 3-5. Belle
Kuser*. Pug, .Crescent • and 'Lady- .Constantlne
alsci started. -•.'•.•"" .'.'•...¦¦;••• •• '
. 2:lji ..fr.ot..' purse • $1000 — Q'eorse-- Muscovite
"won twbstrajghi heats-lh*2':10Vit '2:11. -Norrls.
Joyma'ker;-'-Ben flail. Walter-Smith'. .The'Ques
ter. 'Matlit- gm'eltr, .Mies .Fearing; Dick M, -AF
.fred Pta'rr : . and Vlometa -also staftea: . ¦ : .- ' ". .
! - .2:0T .pace. • pkr»e.. .»10<>0— <.Wlnfield • Stralton
•woa'/two •efraiehf heats in. 2:07%,- -2r06^4.
Captalh.rSpMnx,. Charley, H»yt and B.irdinia
also sta'rtt-d. .'•.'•¦•.-••¦••¦•• . .¦¦.'• v. " './.'¦.¦.
'. 2:22':T>ace; .purse-' f-1000^-Eb<*ny 'Kins •' won
two etraiRht heatsljn 2:10%. 3:1X2 Trilby-Di
rect. Al B.oclC 'Joe' Grattan;. Margaret \Va;rner
and Cleopatra -also started. ' - ••• ".¦'¦'.. ¦¦'
Ep«cla'l- exhibition pacing:— Dan_ Patch,. -br. s.
•by Joe Patchen. . Ttm.e - by' quarters, 0:30W,'
1:02. 1:33. 2:C2%. . . ' ' : ' . - . •'. . ".- r- .:. .
EKAWINO FOR CLASS SINOLES:
Entry List Breaks All Records '¦ on
the Coast. * ' '; : * "
Seventy-four players entered the class
singles tournament to be played on the
park courts to-morrow. This is by far the
largest entry list ever heard* of in. this
part of the country. The drawing for the
four classes is as follows: •
Klrtt clan: ' Preliminary round — James A.
Code ve. Charles J. Dunlnp. Firet round— Harry
E Routh ve. Iiobert N. Whitney; Sherwood II.
Adams vs. the winner of th« Code-Dunjap
rr.afh: Clarence Griffin vs. William Allen;
Oecnre K. Bate* vs. George L. Baker. "Allen
and Whitney will play at owe 15. • • .
Bf-fond clas*: First round — E. M. Twiggs
vs. H. Mann Jr.; H. Russell vs. 11. B. Mills";
Miller Hotchklw'.v*. Cf. W. Teller: George
Jane* ve. C. G-- Kuehn: N..-Ambro»e v«. O.
Beyfuse; E. P. Kinn*sjan v». A. Beyfuss; -C,
Foley vs. M. C. Campbell, knd Marius Hotch :
kirr vs. H. Rolf*.. -. * ..¦*•'•.*'•"_¦'•"
Third claw: ¦ Preliminary rfiund — S. C. Gay
nefs v*. C. S. Myridk: 'IV.' McFarland; vs. IC it
Ardley; E. F. L#lii<rh" vg.^'C. c. i-ayre.- L. C-.
Hozanh vb. H.' bong.: J.*. 13. .A^amc vb.. F. €.
Adame; J- R- Hyan *vv. F. W. Oomph. Fli>t»
round ruppr half)— R. Drolla vb. F. K. Hkin
ncr; J. H- L**'l* v*«A. McFarlan'd; W..gmith
ve. wlnnf-r of Ga>&ei'*< : M>'Elck* match. First
round /lower hal')- j -Guy 'Lytton. vb. winner, of
Itvan-Gomph jnai<*i; \V. m II. UHton vsl J. M.
Baker: L. D- Roberta". *». T. D. Black.
Fourth class: • Preliminary round — G. L.
Hall v*. E. W. Hal1:'C. £kagff* ve: L. Joseph;
H. Orlz r*. V. Mfjer»; L.'H. Hewell vs. R. H.
Griffith: M. V. Little- vk. M. A. -Edwards: W.
F. Stacff v«..D. B. Colt,on: M. Greene vs. t>.
Hamilton; II.. Heilborn* v*. J. *K. Turner; G.
II. Irvtnir ve. E.»M. -Borpugh ;. L. Ounst vb. W.
liowell; W. II. Johnson vs. A. M. Donovan.
Finrt round <upr*r half) — \Ai h. Martin v*.
Melville L*>ng. Vim round . Slower half>— Dr..
W, A. Ijovegrove vr. winner of Johnson-Dono
van match; J. C: Crhokp vb. W\ H. Murphy..
Use of Napa Water Limited.
NAPA.'July.Sl.— The Naba .city Water
Company, has/adopted' special.' rules- Iti.tq
gard to- the' Use »f water, from the mains,;
The irrigation .hours are now ¦.limited to
from- 5 o'clock to '3 o'clock a.' m. and from
5 to 9. p. m. Ferspns', failing, to observe
these 'rules will- have' the water' turned
off." This' is the first limit on the use of
water made In 'Kapa. The- reason as
signed is a- desire to increase, the pressure
In case pf fire and for factories during
business hours . •
• KAN DIEGO, July 31. -Cockswain Fadden of
the United States neamer Ad»mi' hue beeu
awarded a Congressional medal of honor for
•nvins the life of a chipmate named Haw
?hc-rii • n.cnUi ago.
£tj^I|s^^
CHICAGO, July 31.— Roswell F. Mundy
of the • Riverside / Club to-day defeated
Walter Egari : of Exraoo'r in the final
match, for the Ravenoaks cup " on the
Onwentsia* Golf Club links' by 2 m>. ' *
Mundy .Defeats ; Egan:
- PUEBLO," Colo., July • 3l.^After .betng
-out', on strike since July 14' [the -153' ma
chinists and. helpers • at ' the Minnequa
Steel Works of the Colorado. Fuel, and
Iron Company will return to work to
morrow. The terms of settlement are In.
the nature of a compromise.
Pueblo Strike Is' Ended.
9
• . ' " ADVEBTISE3(tENT3. .'
¦- 5 '..^V-«s u ?l. : 'S* Cjjaris ¦SIMLA. India. July 31.— The levyisc ¦ of
conntervailms duties on imported and bouatlsd
sugar has been* extended to March U, 190i.
•Tony Sajjatino, . whoVruns" ; a bootblack
stand. at, the cortier. of. Fifth" and Howard
streets) does : not have-' to'-" rerhave s his!
stand .until *a- motion for *a* new- 'trjaj «f .
("he Suit .which •resulted'-iri" an." order- di-
recting the Board of. Public. Works to-re
move .'all stands .frpm th;e streets -is 'de
termip'ed. . Thomas A. '.Keogh,'- h'is attor
ney, sepured • a stay- pf V prpceedings 'In
Judge Murasky's ; cpurt yesterday. •. •
SaBatino's . Stand Remains'-
I - Stanley.. Aitken, a 'carpenter, , .was con
victetf and fined $10"D ; by Police* judge Ca-"
•banlss'' Yesterday '* for. battery upon . his
: -wife, . Jhey Have been living! apart. for
some"- time. a?\d *a suit for divorce is pend
ing! . Last Monday Altken called upoi^hls
¦wife .'and viciously struck her on the j face"
and -body",- and when she sent* her boy our
.for a'ssis t ance he". knocked the boy down.
The '.Judge said he "at first intended send
ing Aitken to Jail without the option "of a
fine, b.ut his employer had given him a
gopd ; character, ,. a*nd"- It was insane Jeal
ousy* that prompted .him to strike his
wife.';* " • .. * - '
;.Wif e'3eate'r . Sentenced. *
'¦In an answer filed yesterday, tp- the pe
tjtlo'n of Caroilne A..Casagrande for a re
vocation of the probate of the will of her
uncle, Stanislaus Antoldl, P. A. 'Morbib;
op behalf • of his. daughter,. 'Marguerite,'
sole legatee -under* thd wilj, denies- that
there 'Is any .truth: "in_ the .'charges > made
Jjy JUrs. -Casagrande..* .She ' allegesi •t.ha't
Ant'oldi had- ma'de- the 'will -lri ofdef.tb'.J5§
fcure. '.f-r-oni- Morolo e; loan. -of.-'$2000 and
'first' the'.la'tter* haying beeri- Vrfepaid " the
loan,--insle'ad-.. pf destroying, the will,- filed'
it.'for-the purriosej-of defraudln^'Antordl's
rerlatlvcs. . .'• :. :.;.." v.' : - ::..'•" .-,:. ''W." m .:
Morbio Denies- Charges.'
County Clerk Mahony filed his* annual
report with the Mayor, ""showing* that 4997
civil - actions w*ere*conunenceii; 4680 mar
riage- licenses i Issued ;" 1063 articles * pf In
corporatlon-filed; 1425 Indictments, infor
mations and -appeals from Police courts
filed, and 1651 certificates of naturallza-*
tipn-.were* Issued.- The total" receipts ' pf
the ppce were »1,36^ 33. ;.:...', *
p ¦I-M-I»H-I^H-H..:..H, I:I , I T.1 IrH-b
that they would have had to.*hav*e been adver
tised. In the delinquent tax list.* . . * ...
• The entire .amounf charged agalns't-the Tax
Collector \Vas 56.124.6f4 13,.* of. • w.hlch "the
actual amount delinquent -vuns the sum of $31 -
013 43. o'r .a - trifle; . over fifty-two one-huri
deredths of t>ne. -per cenj. ,Th«. "amounts •
letted, from licenses was J485»682^ 33 as
against $405,961 5<J fey the fiscal year 1901-02*.
njaking a deficit of $9,720 85. owing • to the
action taken by the'.Pollce Commission against
nfckel'ln the slot machines. • ¦•"*
'¦The estate -of 'Michael Kirk, who was
killed in the : Nprth ; Shore Railroad wreck
neaV.Tomalesia short' time ago, was ap
praised yesterday ;,at $12,780 £7. It tonslsts
•of $2763,57 "cashiperspnal property worth
$350 and « raqch' ne'ar Tomales worth
¦$10.6G5.-' "' .' i .; ' " * • ¦', v
Kirk's Estate "Appraised. •
.-'The preliminary examination of William
A- Boole ¦ & ' Sons," shiprbuiiders, ¦ on . a
'charge "of ..violating the Federal ! law by
working their employes on ".the, 'Govern
ment steamer Albatross more; tha'n- eight
hours ' per^ day,' was he.ld yesterday*'.! by;
United- States Court' Cornmissipner\ Hea
cpck.' The defense was -set up that ; the
GQvernme'nt-*'had* urged the company.. to
be as expeditious as possible in complet
ing- "the • contract '.and that they, were
therefore', compelled to -work ihelr ; em
ployes'.-more tjiaii eight Hours per* day.
!The 'defepda'nts were held tol answer. and
Were.Jreleased ; on their/ Awn recognizance.
Boole & Sons . Held to Answer.
He .could not be* shaken from his orig
inal statement, that San .Francisco was
one of m the cheapest cities to live In in
•this" country* -one of the features being
that owing to the mild climate little fuel
had to be» purchased by the pporer classes
during the winter months.
. At . the close of the afternoon session
Liverhash stated that he -had completed
his cros^-examlnatlon of Prpfesspr Plehn.
•The case will be resumed Mpnduy morn
:*?•'. • . • :
. Professor. Plehn o'f the University of
California was on the witness • stand all
day yesterday In the arbitration proceed
ings between the Carmen's Union and the
United.Raifroads. He departed once from
his statistics in regard to the cost of liv
ing and saKl 'he thought that we had
reached In this country the climax of the
wave of "prosperity. When asked by Liv
ernash where ho based his authority for
the statement he said that he had coma
.to this conclusion after having discussions
op the subject with other statisticians la
Phlla'delphla.
..The Call market reports for 1903 and
1903 were Introduced by Professor Plehn
and filed as exhibits, so that the board of
arbitration cpuld secure a fair knowledge
of the' prices of the generai products of
'California "for «Jhe last t"*o years. The
processor asserted that he had gathered
•a*U his figures with "great care- and that
the'pslces.o/cldthlng.and'dry goods were
•secured .for. h{m by. a young" man who was
thprpughl.js._ cpmjersant with this line pf
business. " * • tfflWilT'T'l
¦The annual report of • th'e Board- of:Fire
[Commissioners : * was I filed '• with ; Mayor
Schmitz yesterday!. -The -report states the
¦ employes 1 "- 1 of, the : Fire 1 - Department num
ber 582 -men;' --of -which' 527 ; constitute: the
tinlformfprcte. 'The. report continues:. :
The* appropriation^ for : all -purposes was'i815,-"
OOO.'and ¦the > 1 'exiJpndrtures".$816',(»0 45,-' "making.
a:defl[clt of' $106»/45. -.'" During <he 'year the .de T
par t merit j responded 1 to : 74 1 alarms < from ¦ boxes^
and '087- silent alarms. .•.T.h'e*number,-of ¦'feet of
¦wa'ter rhaln'lald ,'was .-58,400, .aind 167 'new hy
drants" "were" eet,- making a ¦ total : of 402*fnow
in. service.' ; The ¦. 'chief engineer recorri'mehda,
that an en'trtnejhouse' be, erected- ln'-the; Sunny
side 'district: that '.better, fire protection be af-.
forded- / the ; shipping ; . interests at ' c th8.V water:
'front; that, a salt water .*ipe system- be, pro
vided --for.' the mercantile portion -of ..the ¦ city. :
and ' that .the • s'upply -be* Increased • by
the removal' of 'all-smallimalns" and J replaclng
them with; larsjer mains... •¦;.' ¦ i »• . '.'_••< '
. .The ; Bofwrd'pf "Fire* Pension F^ihd | Com
missiqners report that' $2O.(G1 4^ was paid
•out in pensions arid $19.'607'80.-approprlated,'
'jeaying a deflcIt ; pf?.-J23 61.' ¦*.••• : - . *
Tax .Collector. Smith j also; filed tfie fol
lowing" repgrt of the' wdfkirigs-o*f'-his Of
fice*, for .the"' fiscal, year: ending. June" 30,*
1S03: :% \ - ;*- VrV.-^.v .•;•••'.*:':••!.
'" " The work .of thl» department has ; been* ma- ,
teilalbr Increased over previous years ' owing
to the fact.'that some 4000 taxpayers Pled pro
tests afcainst*the.legallty-of-the*15-cent levy. on
I each $10tf of "valuation arising from the special
! levy 'for -hospital- ancV^choolhouse /purposes;
also from • the Increased -,taj .rate over . the rate
of 1901. (on which the ..Assessor .; collected » the
unsecured • personal '-: property./ .'taxes ' ' in " the
spring of 1 1902), .necessitating the -making . out,'
* and- mailing to. their addresses,. some 34.-O0O ex
tra-tax bills; 24,000 of thesewere paid, ranging
j. in amounts from one cent.' and upward, which
i'lf 'ndt. collected, "would \ have, entailed -.a -great
' expense • upon tfce ' cltj;' by. reason" of >the^ fact
Patrick/ Farreri was arrested -at aji early
hour yesterday morning by Policenmn G.
K. Small on a charge of assault "to* mur
der: George Graham, a b'oxmaker, living
at S27A Howard-street,- was in. a. saloon at
8181-Howard street,. when Farren started to
argue politics with him, and In tits excite*
ment pulled a revolver out of his pocket
arid fired a shot between Graham's legs.
Policeman Small '¦ heard the ¦ report,- and
when he reached the saloon" he saw Far
ren putting; the revolver- back in his
pocket, barren- Was bro'ughf. before* Po-
Ifce Jodge . Cabaniss yesterday and : the
case .'was continued 'till. Monday.
Fired Shot Between His Legs.
Wave of Prosperity May
Subside in Near
Future;. '
Fire Gommissipners; Are
% Confronted 'Witli a '¦
• ' ¦¦-'. Deficit/: : ; -
¦' ¦ .:T^»-'E.;.-punjiIflg;"-.who- had'been ."held" fdr
obsefvatlon''" in.- the Central' Emergency
Hospital.' .since* last Tuesday,", died at 5:30
o'clock : yesterday moVnlng from. cirrhosis
of. the. 'liver, as" revealed by the autopsy
performed by. Dr. A. - : H: Giannini, acting
morgue surgeon. Dunning, had a room In
the lodging-house at 520 Bush'street. He
had been drinking, to excess, arid, having
been ia ken suddenly ill on the street, ap
plied, for .' lodgings '.at the City Prison.
When the prison-keeper searched, him fpr
valuables, he foupd $145 in -gold. Dunning
was sent at once". to the ,Gentral' 3 Emer
geney Hospital for .treatment: It is "be-'
Heved- that h!s wife . lives ' In Oakland.
Punning was traveling, salesman for t a
sbap'flrm in Chicago." , /• '
Dr iiik"'. Kills'- Dunn jng-.
DEPARTMENTS
FILE REPORTS
PLEHN THINKS
CLIMAX REACHED
.' George* B. '.Knowles appeared in'D8part'- ;
ment 9 of the" Superior Court xesterd.ay" t6
'exp'^dln whAt'.he did. with the property qf
Lulu- Greenhalg, who died' Jast mon>h
from adrug taken t'y mistake... He* was
haled into court on petition of .Grace" G.
"Murphy,- a «ister of the deceased. "The
case - was put «ver for. a week to enable
him -to .make an Inventory of the prop
erty, which, , according to Mrs.. Murphy,
consisted of, three diamond 'rings, a piano
and ' valuable ' wearing ap'parel. a It devel
oped during th'e hearing that .'all of the
property was disposed of by Knowles, he
admitting that he had given away--the
clothes, 'sold the piano and .pawned, the
rings. He says he did so because she had
given them to him. It also developed that
the unfortunate womap, who, Knowles
said, had been, living "with him -as his
.wife, had a husband in England and .was
receiving remittances from him. • ••
vSaySr Womaii -Who; "Died- Frora.iD.TTig
i\ ; ' \ .TakeA^by .JiistaRe..'G'av'p" "•';;-'¦"'¦*
:':-\. ; *'-' :^ It'to.Him!" Sv';-.' : ": ''¦:.•'¦ Z
KNOIl^LES. ADMITS'. SELLING •':.. :
K' : ijLTJLTJ' ' GREENHALG'k' PIANO
The I* ¦ ¦¦ Conn teslooers held a meet-
Ing >c£t ' i .*•',•¦. to •••> the'eases
of sail i ; ¦' ; ' <i i'- nusin'ess-was
]<-ft <>•>. i'-oni '. -¦ s»l ly i.;r*-;'.-. meeting.
I • c I!' s' < ' '•¦ n.i 1 was lined S". •..;
r.eportir.; l.u r <n duty. "WJUla-m J. "Ryan,
' '¦ 1 • -, > <lclv>r, ' was -ffned' $43 fqr
1 ¦ - • - • •' ¦ clor's. certlneate "to'hi«
fie was si-ck.' The .charge.
.(-¦' .V}-i i !¦ ->r y;,;Sv; T^rpYs;e>«nd;.^WU]jaiti.
Dpriin;^? fbeiniB' .a^.sftnt-;fr'om;.fhe;.Chl'neie : ;
Viuartoi, itj .• they '.were, assjgpe'd.'jwgs
:d i sjrnfssed; .^lEhe : • '.etikr£% f of V-.iihbfflcer.ii.lte
r 'c.Qndgc't.; : airiiin:sV;FT'an^
: jioit - :: itakcii: ' :ti j rj • :!iJ it ,:wiri' /be": 'nearjiE:-''a'jtv tUe
:-next virtue t trig.^ -i','^ ''=",' . : - V'V v? 1 :.^^'/;' *'-.
¦Pb lie emeu: :"Wklk?;;t^^ darpjei.
The sixth annual session of the 'Amer-
THE MINING CONGRESS:
' DOINGS . IN- . NEVADA. "' ¦
E.- W. Griffith & Co. "have* bonded the
SapphQ group o'f claims' In 'Nye County
f or .$100,000. v ,.^ £$«?j .' '.. ¦'
¦ The flume to carry ore- pulp to the But*
ters cyanide' plant in Six -Mile .Canyon,
near Virginia City, Is -about ready to op
erate. ' .'. •" • , ¦¦: "¦' . . • ¦ •
A( thjb Overman.- mine, near .Virginia
.City, an "electric /drilling plant has. been
put in." J •' ¦• , . ' .- . •
•The Gordon Mining Company has been'
incorporated to operate claims iri the old
Highland district in Lincoln County.- *
The following mining corporations have
been formed under the laws of Nevada:;
Esmc'ralda - Tonopah Company, Reno,"
$1,000,000; Carson River Dredging,' Mining
and Development Company of Gardner
ville, JIJKW.OOO; Callente Gold Mining Com
pany, De"Lamar, $50,000} 'Alpine Eagle
Mining Company, Tonopah, $eoO,OO0l
Ore in 'the mine Recently purchased, f roni
J. A. Ferrarro t at Palisade, has. been test
ed .and -found to be suitable for -fluxing.
The property will be worked to supply the
material for a Salt-Lake, smelting; com
pany. . ." * ."; "• :'-; .. •'•:;¦
The correspondent of the -Mining World,
at "Salt Lake gives some 'flgUris ftf iarge
size- concerning' the output .o'f th"e .Utah,
mines -.for 'the month of'jJune*'- lie s'ays;
The output* as. measured by. .the -market- re-.
port* "approximated $2,250,000. OP this amount
$l,6O4,&10 was. for the sale" of ore" to.nd- bullion
at the. banks, and being' chiefly from the fur-.
nacea of the^ American Smelting and * Refining
Company. The othrr part of the sum iotal was
the products from-, the independent copper
smelters, which aggregated 2,&46.U8S . .pounds.
This 4s computed at a little beUer -tlian 25
cent* a pound, a price that* is justified by the
gold and silver values- that the coppe'r bullion'
contains. The output from these smelters is
divided as follows: Highland Boy, 9G2.SKO
pounds; United States. &5A.S20 .pounds, and
Bingham Consolidated, 727,286 pounds.* *
¦ i ¦" ' JCKERiX G S '¦:. and ; pfetty.jealptisiea
'. I '/j v in .the .Board jot: Public v Wprki.-
I -^\^ the.; Xlep'af tmeiit ¦ j otli inectiri,city:..
! '\ *r: " and -In-; the pflJce : oY. :the:.0ty ETn-'
'";¦ { : ;h ¦ } .'• •.^gineer ; , : sh()ul(i:;n.ot v be;>alldWGd.' to,
on the Grahd Arjriy i-r'chv Cl-Uzeiis sliould
take .note. • .of; the; fact i that, the "design'
ifor' .the grand 'court-was "submitted to- the.
and^ ;Wl. -it. Hew'itt; chjef .Of/ the • Pei>art-:
ipent -of 1 /.'.:"^':;;; • ;^ r -'_v^' _':,' V ; : ;';
. -The . Gfand /Army; /executive .;comm!tt'ee.
'accepted' the '.; design, and; approprikt'ed- $20,7
000 for its. cohfetruGtion; wiiji a-'view; of .
presenting; one grand feature of ; the;. eh T
•campmeht". that .would - afford' '.'special :der ;
light to- ;the.:resldent Vpbpulation',- .'as well
as;,t6'visU'orsV; ¦- v ..-^.';.';' ; .-V '.-.¦;\V ; . : :. : '.^ ;
. -The 1. Board .of Public^ :'' : 'Wo.rks^npW;Inter.r"-.
yenes, when -there. Is hardly .time. to\Cbm^ :
piete ; the; work-- under^ favorable,- .cpndi'-"'
Udn^Va^.-a^^tirtnjts're^pijrtiQp-:*.^
'.Whereas, no.dpflhiteiplans-and 8j>ecin'catTonW
for-; the proposed ¦ornamental . arirh.. at ;Macketl'.
Third .and ¦.Kearny.itre^ts.have : be«'n. Ti'ubmltte.d
to this board : as required by" Jaw.yt1ieref<>re-.b«i:i:t : :
.-.. ReKplVedv - That the chiel- or: :tne Department
of Electricity "be . notifled; that- unUrss. "sucji- jjlaiia/
ami Fp*-< incatlons shall be tfubmltted. on.oi^-ljec
Jore:-;.to : -m6rrQW.^-fi^n..xSaturday);;^.u'g^
11*03, -all- *prk. upon .the. : .abpyernanie4..8.trtic.ture.
m'utt'v-l^..'.^6bi^a;-u.Htrtv.:such.V.pla-nsj>.haH---Hav?:-
:bten .eutmUted/to .-anii 'approved cy.th.Ij.boird--.
I \ Edition al :l cp^r^rairaidq^gk
¦ y The. ¦ ?6).^.wirtg;riifla'lt-I65ai'.- iDbntrlbitio^ijs^
to ¦.the-'ehcampraent-':fHrjd- hav^. : be>h^re<;
ceived:
•/. J^o.iint itieretdfbre 7 : rei>6rt.?<dli -"•$i7^ia-'-S0; v -'M'rt/' : .
earoljiie.':<3os>aall'.:->10; . -Jn.C B.,>'--.M>-'< ".n*i> r\';\. $5<*': ¦'
iemployes' • 6ffl.t;ei;'$3O.--75:. : l>vs h<Jf>ri-.\
¦ Kurners" A»u»oola"tlpn,- |IO'r#arati;C;. : i{qrlari.d.i..'$5';-:
KheirMdojif '&. :'?h>xw6od;. : J520.r JplMi- F. .Boyd; $2Si
Jfihn ;Fhlr.ley,>$20;71iaiao -iDeatsoh, ¦;, po\ >PacH&;
bonded- a'mjne •lh•:Inyoveplrnty:-'^p^.^.$i<ilO.¦0<X)¦.•¦
l^e; : located-' ¦ the," property • som«. tiriie.pre.ylpU*;.
which', -turrfei 'tail, 'to ¦ be-: *l : Beriaiiza'. '¦:': '::¦ ¦¦ '-, ¦'¦; ~\ '- :.-..
"•T-.'.'J. ¦Gurli'y'iiap: »old =to /\V-..a». • p'^rten-'a.
K*if of.' his J.nt*tert •' 1 ri . th'e : ¦' - N.lafeara. : ¦ .quart z .
mine",': five- ."miles;, 'n'ortn' of ; Grovelaiid> ; .>,' : -:.y. : , : "••
' Mw'. :S:- R: . Penmn'ston of ¦ 'CaTt.efs.-hB» ..Ijprid^.
ed to "'•W;-' l -P. •Gunhirigham'6f." r Baker8flel'd"fpf.'.
$10i000. ; payible..- Withl'n' l-.twot/ yearsi'V tb> ¦ BJue/
Bell,' .TTirnb.aclc/a-nd '-.Ros?ila; quartz jrilnss.'. 1 '. "."' : .
-. C...E'. .- Jiehslee-"; has'.'deeded ,i6::-C'..- •'£,' . Slia^r;.
a '• portion .pf .-^he' ¦•Meritan' '-Flat- '.plstcer'-'iiijlne;.
cpntalhlnB- 2.H" ' icreis. . .- ' - '.' '. "' /;- •:-. ¦¦.' .".' .'.- •' " \ *
'. James-: M.'* JJ^ikhah 'hasrisold- .to'ilhe- Jfoiint".
JefCe^son Mrhihe Companjr^^not'-.in'.'Qro.ve'lahd-.
adjolnlpg-land- of T.'.C.: Reid, ;reservjne.. a.'wk-g-.;
on road on. Garrotte; Creek,; .'••.•.-••..¦•¦.,.'. ».••'' .".;. -;
•The Los Angeles Times Bglys;" '• . '.-' .- "¦•
¦' The Plttsburg eyndlcate which .ihas for some-,
time past been negotiating with S, -W.-. Cham
pion of Alharobra for 'the purchase of his Tres
Atnlgos mining property In Arizona-'.has fTnally
completed the des.1 at the frrice asked by -Mr.
Champion — $100,000^— and 'made -a- large pay
ment on -the property. ", . • \ • . . . . .
fcan Mi- r k • > ..-^f-<- v .! . ¦. t U •¦!
wood aiid I>ead, S.' D., on Septembtu 7.
Th- <i.'!ll,.-r.ttlO!i-, will <\t.t).l t«i K-'iitnni
,1ie'r.l2, inolu-lves A lt«t of tti p.-r' ¦. ~
\y\) . < » • • .1 to read PftP<?rs.'o'r pother-'
wTs.^;t4Ke'partxfn{,tlie^/pr^
.-no'Vinied. |ii.t>'-dat!e^
' re^resentatiY^'a.' &i_ V&i\o^;~mift\ng : &liiie?!y
6.ut^noirbjy:.aiiy''G.alWQ'rnta1i^
i a-nnoii<Tce,d;_'S.p'epike>'s:'" : itfrS ', '. the. -{rfolio wi-rig;-.
: 'named;:^^-';';/ : ' ''¦£¦:':; \~ : '\j^ J':. '¦ '<:*.-• V.Vf-/ h-'.'-Jr
¦¦..¦•:Fr¦ankii^•''R.^:\^ai^enter,•:Den.v,er,¦¦''Coibi¦:-¦"^«eli¦.
"«pn;.H.'.DaTton, ; AY«shlpg'ton,'-'p...C;^CharJes'W.'.
•Merrill,- liead-; --S/ -iJ;; Crl-J.'-E.- Todu-.^VerrnlJ
•llpn/;S.JD..:..'E-.'\V. Parkef, Washingtpn, D>C.;'
-Profeissor C. H". -State- Sfchool-, of Mfijes,
¦Rapid City-, ' S.. D. ; J. -D.' frving. Washifiktori/
D. C.-; .C. C.'-.O'JIara, Jlapld City, S. D.; J«hn
Blatcjiford. Terrj-, . S. D. ; Professor J.' ; - A ! .
Holmes; chief department of mines, and' m?t-'
Hllurgy St. Louis Exposition, St. Louts, .Mo. ;
C; E." Van Duzen. Nevada* ' "¦
: : Fpr the monster. concept : to/be: given .at.
the /iiechanic ; s t ..piyilion-; mor^; : volu'nteef
i5in'gers/a"'r'$'- wanted- ;f^oV;t'he{:larg.(j : .<:horuS;
now*. brgantzing. .irider.:^the". direction", jijt
JohhV -A^./MblCenzie.' T^e- first .'reheareal
-was/held last?^Veidiie^day;- eStening ; at.tMJO.
.L.atrkin ; : street .and' : wias : :. v.ery---suc'ee«6f u|,
thaugh'./th^icjior.us.-is'.-notn'large;^^
Jand'.' will '/have i'ta b'el •¦increiase.il ¦; to ' i bring
it up ;to thestdhdard'itj'y
tb; niake/ :'it ;thie7ropVtXimp - Q$i'ng'- ! 'i^v-er .be'a'rd":
"-..^ ¦¦:¦'. ':' ; "V ¦-?"--¦:*."/"
t ' '''iii' .Otv:n;;lTnitej3 1 .Stiitesrv'! ;$;' neW.'iconiTi
.¦p.bsitiQn;;- ; P3peciallx : ;'arra.n^
¦casiori,;AyilI- be ¦;'.prpduce(i- : ;for''tlie;.'i'irst : .'tirhe.'!
=Y^alist? :)>re<lict: 'Jgreii.t:^popilar.ity.-'/fqr/lt;
;The': ; -farrioua v V
:''0^u^t?:^¦NT^!" Stars -ajut
B6usai :'iThe: Blue ai^dVthe;:'0ray;"
•|ng/:5^igHt:VoJi';-tho: O1<1 a^iriivGrbuiid;;';
"VVlien Johnin > , • - - M.irrlr.r.K Horn" '
"Marching T)uoii>;ti >: irgja'] and .."The
>, < r-j <¦ „.- '. !-, ,;,.'s '->,.!! :¦'--. b#» pte-.
: sf,ht-ed. Singers, who arc willing to con
triblitc to 11 ¦-s '*,!<> >." .ire re
qpies'ted to « .,•. tlii r i ,-i.,- - .iuI,,ai3T.
¦^fesses'yat-vpivce : ,fa ; 'J .;';-\\C/'Mf Iv!\ii7.i( ;^;p''r;'a;tt-.
tt'fld rehtfirs.tN f\.i\ Monday," W.edn.eg
;aiy.;^:nu:: Jvrii]ayvAv:S;IJQ;.bV;m.' /:at,305;/E.a,f^ :
kin stn ' ner of McAllister. -
VOLtJNTEEB,
• Stat-ejs: ; Say!hgs'aml J.Aiun $10;*. Mr?
.C- -Hathertoh; " ¦$? ...BOV 'Kuhls; >SchV. ; artz \ &':¦
.'$l'p;j.-:lje.nry;V-Fruhst-aGk*"-!-i(!StvAmei;lc'an v Import •
¦Cojnpany.s $ 5;: Ala^ka-Codftsh : Cqmpariyi : $5- -W^r
J: . Adam«, S3 : : AirerttS & Co.-i. ?5;'P:-B: Bf kearf
Company, ? Hi; ,C.:-. Brown'.; & "Son, $lp-;.'AT; ; A:-.
-Browhv' $5: '•'•.^Cr<>ckerviV.oolwprth' ,."Bahk,.:.$lj)O;
•Califprnia. Door : .Corhpany,-. $5Qv"JustVnlan|. Calre
Cpmpany;.$iq;jGfpth;er!< ACroithpfs;- $iO; Prink-:
: hpuift , ik:: Coj: $25; ;'JEV r\. VDerilfcke;.: $20; ;AX)eere
¦Implement ''.Company.;- "$10; ' 'Eiripire" Novelty;
CpmpariyV $10; ; Wv P:F)iiler-&-;Co..,?«5;-.FlelBi.-
hacker Vfc Co. ; ;$10;'DrJ; AVong'flim, $25> -Ba'pfi
man & Jielter,;$20;.:Hanaen & Blrlck, $20;IIorh
¦¦&; Co., J2O; total;, $W;5.6S:'25:'. •¦¦-• :;-•--¦,¦.•••.-"•/.:;¦.
• -Judge M.urasky. : y.esteW
•suit : " brought 'in'tO;. Hisi ¦cpurt'by^a. writ' of
'Fire.^ornrhissioriers iiy.'.Patrick" Q'0onneil, :
.superintendent -'of/ stables: •:, for '.th"e -.Fire
Departrnen't.- . ;' Thls^wa^ ' done at ' : the..'^wish •
:cif, D*; P«;^^ ; ;Myrph|f|,- ©^Cohneli's ''attorney^
who'^ hied, on '.^yrsday-ft' .wrltjof .^prphlbl
tiQri'^h'.Judge Slosg'.- courtf-. which ,wili.,be'
r'etiirn.ed: :• f p'ri -a liearlng- .on \Morjday-; next/ '
].o'O^CbVnel|>-lheurre'dVthd..'en'mlty.-Qf Fire
: Cbrnmissioner.; J; ''-. S../;Phrry . t?y ithe' import-'
antfite^tinibhy^^h.ich . h(t: gave:: bjef breathe'
Grand -Jury : when. ' Parry ¦; was being ej-'.
'DTminedTby: that^.V.^^y- rel8jtiyeVtpf.'.hIs->a'l-;- 
leged"illegal;iacilpfi'':i'nvselling a' .colt be
ionglhg.tb ;' ; th'O;department.'wfth'6u^t';r.ep'o'rt-'
.ingr. : 'tn&^same -'to :jth*. Fire.- Commissioners.'
F, if om -.that; tirne' fin O'Cbhriell; was .the..spe
cial;- subject r of .trie yiri
isi.oner's wrath: u'ntiV Parr. y.*:.at-.Iasi''su.ccee'dr'':'
¦iid-l :ih CtirdeHng ?h^s 'disJmissaV'.frqm : hTs p.b-'
• sitldrfft' K-: v"-^. f i'.^'-'C"'" 'V ¦'•!.'•-¦'•'.'•. • . ; ' ¦: ¦;'••'••*.¦' C ¦ ; ; <. ' ;¦•'• ;
; ¦:. isot -desirous ¦¦; of ; being ":ous.ted':-'thus''-su : ni' ; ';
: marHy>y?ith"o'ut y-b.ei.ng:^; fallowed to. hear'! the
.chaTgesoaitufiist/ -Mm; and^belhg/pfemlti«<i
,;to':.iana\yor ¦/¦/l.hiprn.-i. .'O/Cphnell; brought; the'
: rfestr.ai^in^ : ;.ihjuhori6n : .-;i^
fepurt;;;":\yitlT'it^ ::: (]lsiHissaivye?terd.a^/his ; '
case. will- now: rest- on : , the- -writ- of prohi
;bJt;tbri'>wIii?h ,was Krantt|(lby: Judg&^iyf|f.r
•^hiei>I^nSm'j ; r7S.ulfi\ii!V'take¥-s]d;e^
fpia^ryi Jn ;rtii ; c^
: -It51; tti-I k ¦¦(¦) file fe • •: li e -iji&cla^es^iini it; ]€>'. <^onhe tt\
r^fusi-d :<- t.iK" did. 'is fiom lif<* >-upiTiors
a ml :. was in; u 1 1 i 11}; i n 'hfs'\d?rneanor;- tb-ward^
;.'-¦- wlib ,i!> !¦•!;.'..! :" qfli( l « tli.d.h he is."
In junction; ; Suit): Disriiisded by Cfudge
CHAIRMAJJ^OI^.TKE/G.^^:^:^E^CT:PTIQN ¦ (CDMMIT^TEJJ:: FOR v THE
SINGING OF THE CHORUS. , , v > ,, .
v-V^^'' i -^CASE'^bN/r:vA^ :; NlBW'vW^^^
:"-.The i.'.b'pir.d' : was.' temporarily j-estralned.
.tirpiiif: F&moyltig> : -MuipYiy-''-\ : ltet. night- --.by.
j.udge^-aiuraskj'; . .'Vwhfl^.;.!bii^ v c'biri.plaint'-9t
;ittorijeys'^.\V'al'ter;« GalJa gh6r; ; varid- -Carl
Sp > Vilfn&/Llssiied; : a ••:'^e'^po.r^ry>.TeStfafnlng'
bt<3er; irieturnable before .Judge Sloss 'riioxt
¦Frldayv;. " : ¦/'¦ /.¦'.• -.."••¦; ;: V>: : .' ¦«••"-:.¦ :¦ K- . *¦,¦.'•• i- - : •¦¦¦•: '•"• ' " v
• J.."-Mi-'- Bensbh,'. vice "J.- -MV ...Tones,- removed^ .
engineer. Koiirth-street'-bridge/. $100. per .-month;
¦;Wll.llarn- vr.' •>Brandqn,\ : -.alildItlonat « ••engineer.
Fourth-street- bridge -'(new' position). $100;- John
(£ ?Moriairn>.- engineer City;, Hall,, $100,'. vice " J> •
PivMagee. rempvedj. C, ,H. ; -Young,- . engineer
Hall of •Justice... $100, yiee • John Murphy, ,re
¦hiqve.(l;, If..'-'M". : ¦Duffy,-: elevator ; - conductor- Hall'
of - : : . Justice; .'.¦removed,- successor , not appointed';
John ';M'.-;' McIjaiighilhV f oremah ; street sprinkling '
and ..'sVi-efiping. : $4: .-per.;:-, diem'- (new 1 . "-po'sl.tibn)-;.
James B. McSheehy.; inspector, of .school -.build-;
• ing's.,-: $100. per ihohth'. (hew position):; * Harry. iFV
Grady, . fpreman"S^n;-Bru'n6;-.: road, ¦ $3 ; 50-per.
diem;.. Pat Iiynch •: caretaker *San'- Bnino: road; ,
;$2 50; .per [day;' J. ; .H.. Slevewy cement vflntsher;-
I5"'i)er.. day ;' A.' W; ; Clark 1 , 'and' II ; .'Older; -.cemerit*
'flnlsher ; s ¦helperB/ $3.I>0:per. day. each. .:•'. . j'I.- r » ;
' r An.''ext$rislpn;. pi..: time^; r 9f- ninety, days
w-as' grah te;d; to the : .Barker - Asphalt :{jbm'-
Ipariy withiri :whlch id ftnish thp repairing.
of y^rh : ir4: street?. y.';-} ¦. ¦?^Sy~ l '~: ¦]': ~:> :'¦'¦•' ;. : :;V"- ¦
lyhen' the resolution appointing tfie thlr-.
ty.rday'- employes had .been 'read Schmlta
desired "to know .why J./.M.: Jones,-, en
gineer- at . the Fourth-street ' bridge; J. P.
Magee, engirieei; Hall; John
'Muii>hy, : . engineer. at -the .Hsiil of J.&sdce,,
ahd';.P. .-.M. -Duffy, "elevator ..cpflductor. at
the Ilal.l of v Justice, had;. bee^i discharged'.
. ! "I .consider this '. an funjtist .-proceeding,
Mr.- President," Viaid Schmitz.: "You havo
evidently; for.eptten;;~th(?ipase; of ;^/H.
Ciamp.bel.l. ' whom T-.i . : At that
.time • you^<WdvyM:iw^t^I-ju«tIce; and.
.fair yplai'y" : L and- Insisted - ; that^^.-.Campbeil be
giy>h; >¦ hearing. ;it:?is "only fair -and -just
to >these :men 'that they "be 'giveh ;. a' trial,
I .vWarit.itO; protest .against ¦ your" action;
You are npt'ruhpfng t.Ke -City- /Hall. ,'.' ' • ;
'said
Ca^cy.V who • paid ltttie or no. attention- to
SchniltJ!;. . - The- : roil 'Mis' :' called, ". .showing
Casey ; ahd ..-Marison-. voting- lri :. the : aflfli'm
&tiy©,ana' Schmiti In. .th«:nefe&tive. : The
f olio Wingv hew 4 apppihtm.ents. ' were j made:
Commissioner Case^ succeeded In con
summating the .removal of • several em
ployes, securing the appointment of. their
successors : and creating several new'po
sitions, at yesterday's meeting. •• of. the
Board. 'of Public Works, notwithstanding
the. registering. of a strenuous protest by
Commissioner Schm'ltx.! : . '.'• ' ; /• . ..-
The Tuolumne Independent has the fol
lowing concerning change's In 'ownership
of mining properties in Tuolumne County:
John Rocco has bonded to II. J. Hughes,
James Barry and Edward Sharp his Interest In
the Josephine quartz mine for $2000 payable
before July 18, 1905. • ' ,
Charles J. Bogan hes bonded to I*. Pe'rb&es
of Brooklyn, X. Y., for $10,000. payable be
fore May II. 1904,. the group of five claims,
viz. : Ontario, Clawhammer. Mlnnepah, Two-
Thirty and Gold Bank- near Coulterville. .
A report was recejved here this week tljat
Charles Oojrle, a printer well known here, had
The Ean Luis Obispo Tribune says -that
& stamp mill Is being placed at -.what is
known as the red hill, five miles /rom. San
Luis Obispo, on the Morro road. ' ' ;. '
FDn> NEW OWNERS.
The Angels Record announces the start
ins up of the 'lirf' stamps rat... ; the Rayaj
Consolidated -mill- fc%. Ilodson, Calaveras
Couaty. The Rfcopd ,ssys.: ":-.. ; - . -" -'.1" *£&$'
The nan occupies i 'space •' pf ¦,lC<)x2I9:feet. r;
With two rows' of .6isty. JBtainpsvBetlbaolc^tp
back, ¦with an ore--b!a: 6r.-.:<iiiw tori's-.' capacHy'
between them; each'^'stamp -Is; of".. l(,<»0 pounds
welcht; Uie weiKlit -of." the'' mortars -la'.: WJW;
pounds, each lavint'a 1 plahtiX. bVjt<<>fni-aiJd belnjf'
¦et on concrete .blocks -each- weigliinK .-Jlftieeri:
tons. Each oT the -tfc-enty-sj:anh> -batteries- is
run by h. separat^.Rfty.horaepower/ieJfc'ctric.tnor.
tor; the plates' t Used i .*r?.-tVenJ'j : . i fpiir .feet.idng;!..
Thft starting up-'oT Jhe.'m.Hi.iiras.miuJ^
e the occasiprf.for.so'me^peecnes.'. "L..
Schuman of
scope of eixpected. "o^erailqins. .atj'd' nbi.ade
the following statejnen<a.: •' ;'- ' "-'V. ¦-'.;. V,-"
The 3Ck)0 tons ¦ of" "ore "which "tf^e --feld •mlli!
treated ltr thirty aaVs'^vil!. pase' throuRh ..this
."new mill ln.th.tee daj;s ;'- SO.jm* . C<?ns .- of.'- rock
must come out of- thy.- KoyaT .eVery'-'-puinth. ;to
keep thij machinery in' operation.^ . That ntpans
360,000 tons -of Ore.' ptT'^rin^jni.' "' EachvtQii-of
or'e excavated means a cttblc ; "yaM «T' space; .'pt
n»>arlv so.. T^enpe.-tri'.one. year** tlme-th'e : block'
of ground removed ¦¦•frpni."the < yarlou»'-'lev»l^ of
this mine will be equivalent tp'.Jaearli'' 300,1)00'
.cubic yards, an" openingV'90.-;'feet"'wide;'-;,4*06
feet .lone uid 18 Iteet tilth. 'Imagine- the ret'tilt
of twenty-five, years' of excavation at,-t^iiS'rat-e.
It has been conservatively estimated that. the'
Rcj-ai Consolidated mines 'have ore- "in sight
amounting to C.000.000 tons." There viir there-'
fore be work ahead for -these 120 stamps: for
twenty-five years. • .* '• '--.-.• -• .
GREAT . STAMP . 11TLI,:
The LASt Chance quirtz mine, on Dla
mond Creek, ¦\\*ashingtt»n.-Township, V: JCe
vada County, will be ' reopened" by' the
Bray" brothers of "v^'heatrand '.under bdodi.
The Grass Valley Tidings. -says -that" the
Belief ontaine mine} in the Wll.low /. Valley
district, will probably operate-again. • V .
The Trinity County- Journal Reports the
rale of the Brown Bear- group of mines at
Deadwood fof $31,100, .the purchasers being
the- estate of C. H.. Watt. and Mrs.' J. :W..
Phillips. . v- • V* _;"¦.;. •' ".'¦'¦/'. \-} : :] '•¦•;. •'¦•:•
A good strike is.' report e3 tohaye, been;
made in the Champion inine> In the Grass
Valley district. ' '.%'-"Y- ". ' '¦'¦ >:"¦ >.- : : '--:l\. ;"¦
The Marysviite. 1 Democrat/- tells : dpi the
largest deal yet made in; :•. the'.region-. about:
Marysvllle-" for"'laitd : . to' ;be . ;wb.rked .- . Iby.
dredge naininp." •¦The' DemocrKt •says; ' ; . • .-.. : ••
Sorr» time ago ,a' : bond" w**: placed/ on-.' the.
Beeniry larm or"C(Kj>-atr«:s.'.6ev«a.Xniles. east, of,
Marje^'e, on. .the 6outh .-sidr ofYvitia River;
the figure being.' $75 -aif a*re.>- Then-. -an option
xi-as taken on v it- by .llpperi. -fe. VCranst.6h".:fpr
himself *nd associates'. •' papitilletB' of- X*ke
Fnperior district. Michigun: •• 'A rKeystbae^arill
was put on the land-'.'and'-it -has- been'.at :xrorli
on the land about ope 'jnonth . past; with ihost
tatisfactory development. ". .'-TfcHrsdky \\ . £Ir;.
Cranston closed .the. deal.'' Jain'e* O'.Brien.'havr
ir.g boucht the Beeney tarrii.an^ then .sold, it
and 11(X> acres of .other, larid owped .-by: O'Erteri
adjoining- on the east. ; The -Qranston ej*naiCate'
now owns the»e l'OO-aefjefe. 1 . "O'Brien Tes^/vc-s'
the risrht to farm certain- parts of Jt: for- a
term of years. The int-estm^'rit-. in 'these, tracts,
represents a. larper*aiDpuntiof -^noaey -thaui.thfl-
SOOO acres sold to" the' \V.- P. hjammon Fyndi
oate. the latter being $140,000. • -BoJJx 'of. these
syndicates ha ve. treat * quantities of - money. 'lnV
vested In dredge mining and .mining, land and.
both are so .well satisfied with the- prospects In
Tuba County that .they aaye 'invested- large./
and expect to buy mofe.. iTie- fact that -i.be
land boucht was prospected ny' the drill .be
fore closing the deal is amplf proof that. the
gold Is there in quantities to -pay'. There. will
be other fil's ;n the near future, and they will
mean much to Marysville and Vuba County. -
Xo autheritic.apebunt..has yet been sent
out In.'j-ef e'rehc^ ;,.tp ."the : success, mljilhg
St^tes^ other 1'than' rCaiiforn.ia- are ","haying
in the'-cblleetion: 'of. exhibits ". for : :.thp ;SU
l>juis 'fain .fHiere. is. no-doubt,. .;h6wev«!r, :
that GQl6rad.ovand..Slontaha -will ;.bie.' very,
largely represe^texi: jJ<?Vadai and. t/.tahSire
gathering, ccfllectibns.-! ;••¦} I'-yj]}-. '.¦ r\ '¦.'¦•'!'¦:'¦ '',. ¦¦
. "Unless^'" says ,Aiibur>% "the upper_ por-;
tion.oi California moves' faster tli^re, is a
good \;chancfe ; that the mining counties: of
the jiorth' , w|ll .be outst ripped : at SV Loiiis
by jhe: ! coun^s;'Of'ih^^ spuih/A-. .;"-; ;^ .
Aubu*r>:' ; h'as taet'.wittispiije discouraging
experiences'. -in A'ryiidg to .^get.manufacturfr
e'rs •.-of' ,miriin|5: r .ma.chine'riv to ftrranee to
send ' fxhfbits.to'.St.'-'ljpuis. JThe reaBon as-
Eigncd'for hb'iaiiig -back-is that th^. manu-;
¦i actiir«Ts. .are 1 60 -bxisy to prepare the ma
chinery. exhi^.-VThfi/Bjeaspni tot. gettinig:
together V. mining -exhibit is nficessarUy
short.; ." yC"hen -'the rains/ fall in .the '.rnpun-;
tains ."a -vt;r>'. View .hipnths ¦heh.ce ; the; field
in manx'diTectlo'nsv-^-ijt. be; closed 'for the
shipment '.of # la;rg* ore" samples,-, etc, .The
exposition* will.^'p.en:iir.6t.^Loulis > "next
spr ing^'.'be'f ore ; the "mountain ¦ roads \in Calr
.ifornia. are"' all *fully .ob'enied :up .again. : ; ; .: ';.
The tnlner* of Southern California are
deiennlned ,<o make .a good show- at ' St.
Louis of their minerals and general facil
ities for the. prosecution. of mining.- -State
Minwdogist Auburjv to whom the. law as
signs the dOty of-coljecting" tiie. California,
mining" exhibit" ior the coming exposition,.
say» the soutiiern cad of the State. la. very
much -mbre aavAncedin fathering mineral
exhibits -t^an is : th«jji6.rthern Bection. The
southern -miners- have : pr»n;ised to supply
quantity' 'anfl.Qaallty..- as desired, for: St
lyouls/ •A^riorganizatipk'has. been formed
in, the ':'e'o*uthcrn'.'_ counties which 'has. for
its'. aimV. to. "make certain -that Southern
CaliJprriia. ishall :bV. thoroughly Tepresehtri
ed at. sC^oulsi! ":"¦-¦}'¦- \i' >;:'-:.~%?-'-r.'-^
Board .of ... Public- Works
Creates a Nuinber qf
¦."¦. - ;• . New. Positiohs. ': . : .
Upper Counties., Must Rustle
to Keep Up 'Their; V
. ;?*¦-¦ Good. Record. - "
Lead the North in.Offer
ing Liinerals for the v
World's Sair: - ¦¦¦¦¦
§chihitz' Protest Agaiiist
Several Removials Is
•; i; •>. TJnaiyailing. - ;
SOUTHERN MEN
PROMISE ORES
CASEY HOLDS
WINNING HAND
AGAIN THREATENS TO STAY
ERECTION OF GREAT ARCH
Bc^and of P^
• :That Work Gease UntiK
10
THE : S-il? : FKA3^CISiDO^ GAlJii, sATtTRDAYy., AUODST/ i, 1903.
ADVTBTiSEJEENTTS. '
Do you know* the most
luxurious bath in fhe. world?
/ .*. • * .
. Have you* used Pears'
Soap? • / . " . * *. * .
Sold all over the world, * .-
'• jt/dS^Ufo&toXI MEN AND WOMEItt
oJhS^CuBE^Vh Cie Blf O for tic ct.turt.1
ASBRr** * *• * *ara^^B iiach»rf«t,lnflaniniatloBi,
fLrJJ Oaarasuct 11 lrritatioDl or nlcaratio&t
t*»Jf a*t u (trtstar*. of mnconi iBtmbranei.
p|* TJ Tr—~* Caateftw. P»ln>»», ftnd not attrlO-
rT»VTK[ETtKtCH[WmiCt. f «nt or poltonou*.
VA 0KIIUT1.C H ¦ old h7 »r*>rvl«(«t '
w^ Cm. A. 5BB*"*' «*Bt in plain wrapptr,
IWTbi dtfTH ' "DT «zpr*it, prepaid, for
VmaWfff9\Fa ti.oo. or «b©ttiM 12.75.
' P CircsUr utt OB m a *«t.
tJrgnmnjKSnJlaBBKiJfc&£i£?S&JIBhi~' : ' r S* i*'*%Zr~i£&322&utJy 0 :*• :*'" ' ':-: : .-.' -' > i : • ¦ ¦ ¦• *- ' ' ' i'-. *- - iJ -''> *' :S" I
PBBBff8SSi^fflEMfB^3i^Bff !f^ii^SrM^^^^Sfi. - ¦ * •Ii*«»5^i8&«8'''' f - K* r '*~"'i "' ' '~ J -' '-' "** I
iS^^j^^akia figfe ;- T Ml ' »Tn\ ¦BBwrrr^M'r ' • - ¦">* '"''"¦ I
ffiHBmratf r.TBCjfeayMtWBS^ SSBBMtg JMxSX*BBBC^Bf Jl ¦• '¦ _; *t ¦.'a- MikUrr^." * jrZiiz . wt?X f t**Z .r*x4ri'!am?wmm*^VfAJwLtTfffiHWE&iBR - :¦•. ,-t.V 1 ¦Pru -•¦¦•; ¦..'.'-•; I
Mp^MlnrB\w*lfyr~~_jinTr*J'Ttj MiTf.'^.-. J jj ] / ™F7^ TT|.Ju l ¦ * *** * : :¦ TtiB -• •.<tf: t> TiMVCMmV.'.^Mt»MiT' — *¦•. J • . »*- , . - ( A I
KwJMnrllrgWfi^riii^rfri^r ¦¥ i iirilTiTVtT ifty tit TiMTWr«^r^MiT- f *¦ "'¦- ¦<¦*"¦¦ - • : "^W r i % \~ i 'iTiWw "wir^ i -^^-r^^ i r^i jl TTi-w wiTnBn&Z'yi'ifcMi u^Vvitmm WBrTmrnn - 1 ' **- . -f
fP^ySr^TOiiiiSir^nlf *^t&It$ ¥'*''¦ &£*'*'" *' ''^ : ¦-Ir'tSamwMbv^rrr^wSEtwj^iro^^^JL tBi"* firo^^^ffiLv^^KIir " flrHB' ' V ¦ ; -"- •" <5
FREE WITH lj^^^^8l^ifi^iii
." :; > : V ; J:J^ i; -.:-^VV. ;>.-¦ .^:,-DQJS'TV. : K l AII, ?6^ GIST.Tisis' ART. Sl^Pi^Ml!NT. : - ONE" WITH pa ''¦ ; : -',- ! • " • .'
; i>^r;i^.-;*i|>-:^ER ;^ >ii, dealers- a^i>. % train -^£*l -~ •'" : : ¦¦". •"
K : :4 i^yv^Ew^^i^ f^iiu^Ei-CALti-'^KieE;^,v*.v^.; r^.v A >:.:..i:: ip^jfi&&-%JMMP. |" V" ' •• •
THEY ARE FRAMlNfi THE CAtL SUP PLEJVflENTS
m>:*M^r^:Jm FoH^in^Art : Dea!e^|re: WajufeyauS^eclait) of Framing Call Art- Snanleihenfe;-. " '¦• '" • . '. .
"&-^Y.ten -street;;- ',, "' SAJ«" DIEGO-^w; P*; iFulle"r &*Co. 71
:"CW-(&SAJ : ,'.F str.'eet.-.-.-..-.- '. ./• ;.• • •- • . . .;' ? f ¦
£&Gr£:to:#*efe^^
•.•¦^¦;.^ Houston.
:-.li^ SAN?:-J.0.5Er^eorge-,Pfinn<j,:M.--Len.r '.-Vnrfeet--- ¦.¦•.--¦? "-"iV.-fi; ---' '. . '••• " • : '• HoustoA' .Furniture. Company.
;y.iiif:&.j:'&6n.f. :.;¦; <??<¦< -:-;^:>;i./ ;"'.;• :: -:- : -vv';^-.7-"-v ; ¦..••JtL-A-MEpA-ie.-' P.'.Magagrios,' : 1358- " REfiWOQD.CI'n'— W. .u'ltlt'ne - - ;
- . CT.QC^T^^^ . ': : '-.;"..: -SAN-TA. CRtrZVH. .E. Irish;' Co'oke
& ;•.•;'... -Bras., F. R..Hej<r. George Hoban, . •OAKIjAND. .July «31.— The following mar
riage license was Issued -to-day: Antone Es
tilita,-22, and Mamie Donnelly, 23, both of
tan Francisco. '
Licensed to Marry.
, Goes to Folsom Prison.
-OAKLAND. July. 31.— E. Sanchez was
sentenced to-day by Judge Ellsworth to"
one year's Imprisonment in th"e State
Penitentiary at Folaom for stabbing Rob
ert Silva. • . *
Mrs. H. L. Hlgclnson" has presented
Radcliffe College with several hundred /
ra--': foreign .photographs. She Is a
dav-hler .of the late Professor AeassLs.
OAKLAND. July 3L— The Postofflce De
partment commenced to*nJght to Install
the local force In the new postofflce build
ing, corner of Broadway and Seventeenth
street, where business will open to-mor
row morning. Postmaster T. T. Dargie
expects to have all of the equipment in
stalled by to-morrow night.'
Begin Postpffice Removal.
OAKLAND, July 31.— Castro Valley
School District to-day voted to issue $6000
In bonds with which to build . a new
schoolhouse. The. vote was 24 to'12.
Votes' for School Bonds.
" OAK.LXND, July/31.— J. H. Walker, a
.bartender" for ;A.\ PczzpIp, /•Nineteenth',
street -and San Pablp javenue, "was- found
dead tp-day In hisTopm at 617 Eighteenth
street by his landlady, -Mrs. "D.-.E. Jones.
Wallier*s body .was removed . to . : " t'fie
Morgue. .He had beeij ill "for • several,
weeks. * * * * . *
Bartender .Found 'Dead!
* * 'Price of Bread Advanced. -'*
' •OAKLAND, July .31.— The price * of
bread, dellvere'd'at houses, lias. b.ejsn ad-,
van'ced to 5 cents, and 10 cents a loaf
straight. Bakers claim the increase- is
necesBary because of the raise In pay. de
manded bywagop drivers. ' % *
.OAKLAND, J.uly 30.— Assessor Hen.ry P.
Dalton filed % ademurrer*tq-day to a com :
plauU charging him with retaining for his
private use $247.6 67 claiirfed by the county.
The demurrer alleges that the complaint
is unintelligible and does not state a
cause of action. 'In the complaint it is al
leged that" Dalton .charged the city, .of
Oakland $2563 33- for a city;; assessme'nt
roll. -J Ills' actual -expenses were,$S6 66, It
Is claimed, and ' the difference, it is > al
leged, he. has kept, while it should have
been turned into the . treasury, as county
mpney. . * ' -.
Dalton* Files Demurrer. .-
• .OAKLAND..; July. 3L-In thfl action of
the -Oakland. Lodge of Perfection. F. and
A. M.. against "W. -F-. Pierce "as -executor
of the eftatV of. .Qharles E. Gljlott to re
cover -from the estaje $1451 33. alleged to
have. been the money- of th'e lod?e which
he* bad placed- In bank. Judge Ellsworth'
to-day found for -the- plaintiff and or
dered the executor .to* pay the amount
to the lodce. " * ¦ * . \
•Mason's 'Get Money.
\ OAKLAND, J[uly 31.— The case of An
drew Foust, who.stolp a bicycle from J.
I>. Armstrong, principal of the Elmhurst
•rictlool, has been cHarge of the
County -Probation Officer .for investiga
tion. F.ous^ claims he -committed 'the
theft because " he was 'penniless and his
wife* and cnlldren were destitute in San
Francisco* y • •
Investigates**Boverty Plea.
OAKLAND, July 31.— Ernest Hclloway,
the boy robber, 17 years of age. charged
with holding up several small boys at
the point of a pistol and making them
give him 10 cents apiece, was arraigned
before Judge Ellsworth to-day. He
pleaded not guilty and will stand trial/
Some pressure .was brought to" bear upon
him to plead guilty and take a sentence
to a reform school, but he expressed dis
dain fpr s,uch a course "and said' he would
take* His chances* with the counts. • .** *
Emulates Older Criminals.
OAKLAND. July 3L— A decree of di
vonce was granted to-day by Judge Mel
vin to Nellie Levocque from Geprge Le
vocque on- the grounds of extreme cru
elty:-' She was also granted the custody
of -the three children. Judge Ellsworth
to-day took the matter of the divorce of
Mrs. -Sarah Weiner under advisement un
til ".he'-tiad decided the question of the
legality -of the new law.
Mrs. Levocque Gets Divorce.
Bogus Coin Easily Detected.
A Government secret serviceman, whose
business Is with counterfeiters, spoils the
Ftory that half the silver dollars are made
outside the Government mints, and. being
of the pam© weight and fineness of legiti
mate coin, cannot be detected— the silver
in a dollar costing but 50 cents, making
¦ nice margin for the maker of "queer"
loins. The detective calls attention to the
fact that Government dollars, being
ftampeo" cold from silver in sheets, have
rlean-cut lines, while molded coins have
Jot and are detected at once. For coun
t-rteittrs to operate a plant as expensive
«r es nolEy as is necessary to stamp out
toll&rs Is Impossible.— Exchange.
Decline to "Advise Trustees.
ALAMEDA, July. 31.— The Board of
Trustees tP-nlght received the decllnatlcns
of Judge John Ellsworth and G. - F.
Weeks to serve on the citizens* advisory
committee of fifty in the Southern Pa
cific franchise matter. George L. Lewis
and E. J. Blanding were invited tp serve
Instead. No other vacancies on the com
mittee, If further declinations occur, will
be filled, the time being considered too
short, as, the Trustees expect the commit
tee to meet with them on Monday even-
Ing to take energetic action in the mat
ter. The Board decided to-night to make
the question one for special consideration
at Its regular meeting Monday evening.
BERKELEY. July 31. — Professor F. W. Put
nam, chairman of the committee op anthro
pology, returned from Boston yesterday after
an absence of several months. He is to super
intend the removal of the Hearst Museum of
Antiquities frcm Its present unsafe building on
the Hlllegass Tract to one of the Affiliated Col
leges buildings In San Frandscp, 0 as well as to
preside as chairman of the anthropology com
mittee of the university, which is to meet in a
week. The meeting of the anthropology com
.raittee, of which Professor Putnam, President
Wheeler and Mrs. Phebe Hearst are members
Is likely to result in plans for the permanent
housing of the museum. Mrs. Hearst is Inter
ested in the collection, for which she has spent
thousands L of dollars, and. ehe may decide to
build a museum on the campus.
Professor Putnam, besides being- chairman of
the anthropolgy committee. Is curator of the
Peabody Museum at Harvard and of the de
partment of anthropology in the American Mui
seum of Natural History of New, York. He has
observed that the Hearst Museum is abreast
of all others in point of completeness and ac
tivity. The Hearst collection Includes antiqui
ties from the Pacifle Coast, South America.
"Egypt atid the classical fields of Europe while
the six -other museums of the 'United States
confine thejnselv.es to collecting .from a special
field. . ' ' . . ' * * . . \. . • .
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
Purposes to Test Wagon Ordinance.
. BERKELEY, July 21.— C. D. Bates, vice
president of the Oakland Paving Com
pany, -Whose workmen were arrested for
violating the recently enacted wagon or
dinance, announced to Justice of .the
Peace Edgar to-day that he will test the
ordinance. In. the hisher courts: Bates'
men were • arrested for. "not having a
license for a "trailer" wagon and this he
contends" is not constitutional. *
OAKLAND. .July 31.-Suit was institut
ed, to-day in behalf of J. J. Burke for
$10, CO) damages and $300 doctor's fees
against W. J. and E. Schmjdt, Berkeley,
contractors, for Injuries said to have been
inflicted: upon the plaintiff in a beating
they administered to him. Both Schmidts
pleaded guilty to battery in the Justice's
court in Berkeley and paid a fine. Burke
alleges- that one of his ribs was broken
and that he was otherwise injured to. this
extent. Burke is president of a laborers'
union and was accused by the Schmidts
of attempting to stop' men working on a
building they had under construction.
They Inflicted.
J. J. Burke Sues Schmidt Brothers of
. Berkeley for 810,500 Damages
fLABOB'XJNION PRESIDENT V'
\ ( ASKS BALM* FOB INJURIES
Howard Osgpod, to whom J. C, Quinn
entrusted <such books and papers as ha
did not want to take to the County In
firmary, saw the notice of. Quinn's death.
Osgood supposed othat It referred to his
frien'd, 8*0, "he turned the bookstand pa
pers over the the Public Administrator.
Qulnn wrote a note to Osgood, asking
for some articles In his possession, where
upon Osgood Immediately telephoned .lo
the Infirmary, and, finding Qulnn alive,
notified the Public -Administrator.
Next Monday morning Qulnn will ap
pear in" cjurt and ask that the petition
for letters of administration, on his es
tate be- revoked on the ground that he 13
not dead, as,alleged by. the Public Admln-
Isti-ator. "...
Another man* named Qulnn. who was
admitted to the Institution about the
same. time, died on July 15. and, being
without funds, owas buried in\the potter's
field. . . V * .
jr.VCii .Quinii, Supposed to Have "Died'
V./ ;-•/;¦* Paup«c, IaVery.JIti'ch •
..v^e^ '".>;- '
•'•OAKLAND, *Juiy SL'-^-Owing' tc>-'a con
"f usion of names, the" Pu*lfc Administra- 01
tor/;George Gray, -applied a few days ago
for letters of administration on .the* es
tate of J..£. Qylnn. who was a lodger In
the Arcata House when It was destroyed
by* fire, and who was thereafter taken to
the County" Infirmary suffering, from
burns.
;MiST.AEElF IDENTITY^ -.; ;"
r'i V; : .' ; .'^ •• '-(^AirsES ; <donpt7sion
. OA^L-ANDj July;.SI.^l?r:: -Wi ! .K. : ;San»
born of-..l^."?lgfith:stre.et.and.,t.wb.-l.a<j"f
frlendsi:>iiss'jFrick; s -an.d- Miss/^ughrey;",,
were'.. thrown : fl-prn .a-.bug^y vlasf ; -njght'
rfeaf. .-the^ Park-street." bridgeV'tTfie- party
-were' .driving . to * --Alame\JaV..- # arid . while
•crossing the -bridge the* horse.: took fr'igh't
and" ran awa">\. overturning the buggy knd
thrbwing:-the occupants into the* street.
Miss Frlck euffer'ed- a sprained' ankle and
the others were slightly bruised.
Thrown Fxpia , Overturned
Petition has also been made for 'the
appointment of W. S. Harlow as special
administrator^of the estate pending the'
litigation, because Mrs. Nicholas, who is
executrix under the will, is declared to be
an interested party.'
The estate consls'ts of a half block of
Improved 'property at the southwest cor
ner of Seventh and Washington streets.
Th4i^ contestants claim that the father
was influenced to make the will as he did
because Mrs. Nicholas said his son would
waste his estate unless it were tied up.
It was by. a codicil. that Meyer created a
trust with Mrs. Nicholas in charge to
pay a certain annuity to the son. The
contesting son claims that the trusc can
be so construed as to practically, disin
herit him._ M^s..- Gentry objects to the
amount devised to her.. -The. contestants
claim trieir father was not of. sound. .mfnd
when he -prepared 'his will.*, •¦ . - *
/.'Cfiargin'jg th'at.through' the/ inhuence .of.
•his "sister.," "Mrs.-. Sophie Nicholas, "he had""'
practically "been -"dlSinheritSd" .by_ his
father; -Henry A. Meyer to-day began a
contest of the will of lienry A. Meyer, the*
pioneer capitalist, wh9 left property val
ued at $75,000 to $100,000. Mrs; Ida Gentry,
another sister,* joins her brother in the
attack upon their' father's last testament,
she also declaring thrat . Mrs. Nicholas
used undue influence in causing the old
man to. tie up a -large amount- of his es
tate in a trust. Attorney A. V. Menden
hall appears for the contestants. .
..¦inS-fBrbadway, Juryjsi."
Gak1.arid:'Qfflfe.e* San :!Qa1I,'
fll'ptjierl^^Si^e^^itt
; Hands in". Attack, on \
MAKE A CONTEST
OF SIRE'S WILL
;;':The:vinjuryf;a^
! :Kiyc;WiRi«^->r^yfeigV^
¦;time' : |atEr/./^heh\.a"n;J^
¦i tih t- y*r% pal hf ii.1 , .^tt n" !!eVe'ry- eVi^'
;dence.;.ofi;a:;seyere^
•;v.- :Hu'sb'arid v -went v uhdef; i .th^;'0reV.o)r.\'pij'^.
Mian's. valid'. pheck;ed;n^
-by!p i ro^rnpt".remediar-a"t't'(»ntjp'ny-;> ;•-.•.- ", : ; V
/'In v exjjlanatiori';of ,the;trpu'ble. ]Ht»3baritl.
'said: '•' V ."'•¦' \ •'"¦¦•'.• '•' ":' : '*'.•'•''¦' ';\
-'."J. kept *on "counting, the coin after -I
¦scratched. my hand,-. as the trifling" wound
ga've me" no concern. • Some time after
ward my finger. began to swell and the
.pain, was so intense that I was compelled
.to seek -relief. Some ppisbnous. matter
from the coin, worked into, the abrasion.
With close attention I do not expect any
serious, results."
/v^ieputx;: ppunty^Trea^Ure.r,-: Clfiarles i e!v
.Husb.aiiid VvhaS iVfeeTen^iajdiy.-^'^pi-^o^ed^liy'
¦h a'nd'M.ing/g : oldyc6i ti'.'a I. %th ; e;ifou(itj : ;-tr;^as'ii(f'yi
While .counting -$33!(Xr < d from, 'a
:io'cal;ir^nkV£[usb'^'nd tore. ; a
p£tdic'fi^$^nffer- fr^.tif^he Bhafp edge of
the. nail. ; ." x
pakJandV!*^
'lllS H road way, July 31.
'- ijiie ;-neT*r $G0,'-:
jW.-and;: % -4s •''tho'rcHig^lyVnV|.ted\Vrith' all "of
Ah.e'".rat.eVt;Jn3'Dfpvemeritsr'}nn-cias3-^o'orfl.s',
iabpratOEreV./.dprmltbries",. .;dome*stlc I'scf?
eiice. 'cb.qmjs'.^nd' niaslcal consjerv^ftorles;'- '.
. : ; : N otf.e. *;jpame" was founded
1S82 -and. each year-lias j^ltnessed* a" steady
groxv.th.-in'lts 'popularity «a*nd -sk tendance."
/•ALJAMED.A,; " July:; .:31.'-^otre '•. ! ! : Dame;
Acaa^my;V^ill:. : ;Open.-jh'.rits.riew.-c.l-j3m'e'. tot
; fhfi-;;-.fal'i A ->ttej : _m- nex't, Jlo'n'dayJ'SlnceJ'ihe
.cl.pse>?&f ='Jast- : term ' the iirgc "fourj-stbry:
fidditiijri^tefc'en.tly-: co'inpjeted.'-south' : .o£^the"
originptl ."-'bulIdlVg; 'of » jthe" «Ihstiftitl.oh • .has'-
_furn-ished -. ijviiverjr.'.deV.
-ta'il. inakin'^the. acailemy'-phe oflthg'mos't
.cbmmddious'i.cpireKesVfof -yoiing 'ladies' on'
the-lPacrhc^Coast':' : ". :" ¦.¦¦;; '¦"; " % . '•i-^ :
r Gr 6 wtK • of ; • tie • AlarnVda utiqii
f •-:.-:? v"* x IttjLarge^Additidn^*. '-,'. >'¦.:¦ j~ J
• JEiopken says he counted the money in
the presence of witnesses after he took'
charge of the drawer and found only $ll.
- ; The.-bili ,'6.f < •$K;':iEbr^-hJch : tri : «'.attachme'ii't
!w'4.s\I6yjcd.-;was/:.pqld-,' v .\h6!;^
.the .return" .o/'.thw 'money- ptopke'n took -ft e
h^hded'.theni-'.only-; Jll','."-say.i'rig . that*, was
all .ihe .Kidney tlie-draver Vontained. "-The
Paynes 'ittsist th£re was.botw.een $50 and
$60 In the till. * '. . *• '*"•.• ' '" '. •
-. .A'. warrani:. ; v.as?.i|i^^5tbi'day: fprvthe: arr
rest of Deputy C - Me H. Hopken of
Alamedavpn :; ; a';;<:harge;':ypf^ isteklirigUi|4S
.WJilieVievyih^-. -an": attactoen t;;jcpYei:lng/. a!'
•jjjfll; :on '.: a ; /cpjjije^.sl wf : ; at^IdoraiVp^rky^p!^
ducted [¦•; ;.by ; ." '^it^'^M^-Jilni'i^jo^^t'f^jdyiiti
duM^^-th^^nigAii'or^ythla's^
'^|^eipayn^>lk!im:thaVpn':j!un
the y . -were conducting ¦ a - ref reshni^rit
:bpQth-«t : therO'^klan^
M^kfinvappea^j^h)?^ iiis: !;a[tt4clirnetjt
'p'apjers;;iand .topkvppss'essidn^bf^tlie.'cash*
dT-aw:er;;lh!:'Ah^ybopih;VahdV:;U
;Tb;ey .thie:-d
cp.ntehts;.P!t" the:mppejr ;>tjli ¦lhtb;;nis-pp,cket!
'wAthou t . cpuat 'hig : the :c.o.inf and -Jef t^ !tij^
¦grbandki'v..;-:^;•:{:¦';';¦>¦;;:¦ .;.'';..;:;/; '¦';'.' f--'-':' 'A '¦'-"¦}
paklirid-C>fJB^e -'jCa.il/
- ." \ 1118 Broadway .^July 3L .
sV : ;ira:w i .. ; !HbiiE
Deputy Treasurer Is In-.
-. fected, While Count-.
ing Money.
:-. BEmK;EL.5Y- *. fuljr/ :-ZL^V?br& ':.. !•• has;
.reached here- of -.the' a*3polnttzi'ent-'of : . t>ri'.
Th'pma's'P,- Balle'y. Jf : /;f6.r'in'erly. : associate
¦ pr-'of esspr Jn th.e'-dep'artmedt:"o.f. education
.at the.'.Univfrsity bt'Callf pr'nia/ ind ?nio.r.(B
¦,recen.tiy -lectuirer'^n " ihe? -e xteijslpn departV
ment .of. theTJrilvejs'ity-of^hibk'gp^ltp'a
full professorship." In th!e *. University. 1 , of
Aiississipplv .With .the.. opening "of".thevtpl
.lege'year he-; will begin' his .-w6rk; there as
prof cssor .'of- .psychology .and'.head' of "the
VSchopl of- psycholoj^ t ;.-cha.r.aqter\stu'd>'i
culture' T h3story:V .His .^orJi/ bPtb>, here ami:
at- the University" of'Chicagp;.-was. largely.
original' and alohg'..the.-Hrte)s : of-;chafa'cie:rr'
study and ¦jts' - deve"l6pme^tyrb'm:t.he'.peda* ;
vgbgfcal" arid ps'ychdlPigricaV- staLndp'p'ints.';'
Dr. Thomas.. P. ;Bailey ; Jr.^ Fo-rmisirly
-.of ;.N6;w! ; ;;P.rp'fjesso : r-.'!.of •'•;.;'
•• '•- . Psychology in 'Mississippi; , ¦ :. \: : j;-
APPOINTED ON-FAC^^--- ;
: -. ' OF. SPIJTH^BN. -TTNlVEilsiirx*
Concessionaires Claim
Attaching Officer
Took Money.
POISON LURKS
ON GOLD COINS
.8^:Jp"SEPH;$'-,;:i»EW;=VHOME^ !DIr
"of!:itke; :!scHpeii ' aistd
CHARGE DEPUTY
WITH A THEFT
.'th;'eVj5iie.tuV]esque
'¦^Pera :lt^L : •^a_rle f ':;the/^d.irectorsrh^ye.Vr-e'&fgan-.'.
ize'd . the staff ,'¦ .and: a^.nu.rnberXpf
'prominent .educat'Pr^ire.;tn^^^^
jerbppd > : have* :b!een. .' added w tb ; the. - f acujty. ;;
/Brbtb'er;.Geriebern-;.;ih|6;Vtf^^
tiye"-h'ead. : haij ; ipr?thJft>^ye^
: Ufle'd-;with ; :.StV'-Maiyn8
• Bac'ra'nlenXb^ -Aitipng;
for -.'-Erpther ,/ti'ug& ;• - : later -prje'sldeh't I pi \ S t. v
James .College,: \'anc.p Uye.r. Hll-j.
ary;' for.^w.ehtyy year-B prefeCt,bf
•St. "^Iaryfa fjpliege- ; is =the jlatest': additiprt
.'to.'ihe- staff^:'-- Other; prominent:- meihbers.vof .
"the •facuity'are<iB.cQth'ercJos$Rh/-la'te''-p'Hl.n-.' :
yi ;oa.KLANB; Jjuiy •- Sl.^A.'^inlte, of -humari.
I depravlty-'!iri-»the."forra'.of;:a-.ll-.y.e'af>old
'felrl was-befort! Jiid'ge'.EHjswcjrthftp-diy,'
*rou*ght by "the' mbiber..to;.be! declared in^.
pprfielhle.and'ffent\to ••sQme":lionie: 'for
such .children-... Isabella'. -Magulret';: Is
charged - by- the mother* with . steaHng^
swearing,* running away f rom .hbm.e'.and ,
being expelled from two different' schools;,
Whipping*did her_Ao grood; s>b. the- mother. 1
.told the Judge ehe had .done •little' pf.lt.'
A few nights ago-th'e.chird'vras'-'.found'_on".
the streets'- "of San" Francisco, atid. ! taken-.
by" a policeman tp the. "Hair of -Justice.' and
later was -returned to her -mother.-. '. ¦;¦¦ -
The mother, .stated ' tb-day;.that . ijsab?ll*
stole. $45 'at "one time and. $30. at "another,
She .had-be"en'-ejcpeUed f rom'the. school kt
.Golden Gate and. later :' from/the; schjool :at
' Emeryville-,". -whje're'-..they ¦"hpw.'.ily.e. 4 . -The
•Judge took the: matter under- advisement
.and, continued '..: the. .'cause ' : until : . rext
Wednesday,- -!after. ¦• giving.' "(he -.ichlid vinto
•the custody' of Miss- Anlta :
prpbatlori- officer ¦ f or. '. Jiivelilles; , . ;' ¦ ' \'/i- :
EieYen-^eaJCrbld ,pirl- Sw;"ears,-VSt : eais
'¦¦::¦ : - : --' ¦.• .-'Her :Homei' >.. ¦¦'.?£ '•¦ V .¦"-.- •:
•HAjS A£I/ ; -¦,<& ?^
; • •.-¦;¦ ;:MD^N6NE^' : 0F^^IRTtnsS
.-.'¦rldftst was caused by the fireman in tne en-*
ririe falling- against the air brake in the cab
•nd permitting the slack to be taken* out of the
f ar*. Mclntosh was measuring a bolt at the.'
time and hi* left hand was lying on the draw-'
i' c *<j- ;>. ¦ ;• ¦ ¦ *• '• .-!
ROCKPORT. Ky., July 31. — John -Galloway-,
a soldier recently returned from the Philip-'
ir'-*. and Robert Carroll, a companion, were
lirobably fatally Injured last night «t« a camp
ij^ar here. Two men approached the -camp
while Carroll wan alone and beat him -until
unconscious. .While they were searching for
money Galloway appeared and they shot* "him.
The men *»ecure4 £2W) and escaped. y- *¦,-...
NEW TORK, July 21.— Mr* Mary A.'Mur-
I'liy, who nald she was the widow of Colinal
Vi'har! C. Murphy, former Police Commls
•-ioner of this city. Is dead at her home in
Urocfclyn fr^m heart failure. Colonel. Muc-
T>b>-'s friends In this cLty knew notblng- of his
\rife antil after his death not long ago, when
th*> woman prps»>nted her claims for his estate •
and nought to £how that the married him In
1S53 and that they separated fifteen years
later and drifted ax>art. .
NEW YORK. July 31.— Miss Birdie Aarons",
BBt death in a rrftruliar manner In Lexington
« venue, near her home. She had called en a
Cir| friend and the two were standing on the
t-toop of toe Lexington -avenue house, when a,
I>ortlon of the brownstone coping above them
t>II and struck Miss Aarons to the ground. Her
ekull was crushed and she died immediately.
Investigation showed t*iaf a bolt of lightning
hud struck the stoop in th« beavjr storm which
had Jufct passed. The shock bad fractured the
liravy stone and Jeft > it hanging by only a
trr.all, unbroken rart. • "• 4
secreting a witness.-.; ' r -..'j; \- -¦'/ •.'" ; -V- • .'-'.: .'
NEW YORK./Jiriy-.s'i-.^-FJ?r '.the.? recognitiop
cf their union the pibemakers -emjrfbyea -.in''fac
tories ' here hav^-lniuguratfd- ' -a".' series" of
Ktrikcs. * The TirM ' pnn '. just ' called; -. invokes
only 15<? men, l«ut , the 1 'Ufa^er*.- , declare, .that'
unless their demands.-are'«fin.tea'.'ther«-!si'lll.be
a ren>ral Fhutdown^ and" the '.wtiuiy output" of
150,000 pipes will be cuUoff:' \'J*~'-/.~^ ¦:¦¦¦'¦ '.'¦
HALIFAX N. S^July*^l:4Jt v dKei;whp: ha^
pone. <lown .to the wreck, of- the'. ct'ea:m»f'Hun-
tinan. lost on Cap* -Sable -.led'ir'es-.forty-t'hpee-'
ypani ago, with all on* board. ..'reporiw..,that.«'he'
aftcrpart and two sides ©f>'rhe .steajrier \re :
Ftaniiinfc and the s.haft'-.ls- stiir-1n:.-'posit' i .rr.U
Portions of the «cargo ."and st'eel "•birs'..can'J^«!
pf*n In the hull: A'n effort' wj 11 . bt mad'i'.ta
ireover une cf the" cargo.' * .' ;. *.' : ' / . •
PANTA ROSA.'. July 31.— Richard* 'Mclntogi
fcad his left hand caurht. between th». draw
heads of two cars this morning a.{ Mount Olivet
<-n th* California Northwestern Railroad. The
sioner of , Colorado-..£prings^,. .-.vffs* appointed
chief of Police to-day Kj; Mayor Ira Harris
to succeed .Vincent •.;Kihg., v wha '.resigned,, in
company with fc*ettctive -AnkVn«onV;on -.a'cedun't
V>f their convjefeion 1 ye'f ter*ay;-.<)'nr a", charge -bf-
I < DETROIT. .July -SI ;^-The.Sl^nna..Chi FriU*r
.tifty.t-oidiij-. •aJQurnrii:" Among .-the/ praetors
-f jested" mat Oharlps A:' G.r»y/of gan . Fratfciscp."
• "PARIS. Ju1y..3iV-i-The. r Eur,6r*'an 'edition .'of'
the death
.' vf Xilejite'njtht •';-'-'Cbl6n¥l'' ''¦ Aimon' F.-* Rockwell,'
•-U:, 6.: A^«ttr«ii;.;- ¦;:•>.•,¦:.:¦: ;. :: V ~ .J- ¦¦-..'¦'
' '' 3iOXTtt^MCTTu'-vAlii;:;J-uf^>3i-:.^AUs« : ri<lt-r'
¦.Means'. and: Will SiarM. -"twU-' .hrgroe's,,. were
¦ hanc^d'.in the 'Jail, here- to^jSay 'ii>r]ih4 : murder
trf» Fleming Foster.' •' a "¦herrA'.kiear -t«';.Griiii<i,
.Ala-,.;--. !;¦•;;..•.•> ; : ;.'^>!; '¦:-\^:'Z^y ¦-.•.. '¦' '.h ':.
LOKDOX, July • SKrTiSefl'ator .l^odife. has .com
plwed tlie. ureliicinaryiarrirtiEeaient* :fpr; -the.
meeting -'of .4he- A'lkek'an.-. -Boubdary. -.Ccmmls::
sion. .. .The'commtsilpn. 'iircbaDly"'<»in!.assemble
a • the ... Foreign;' ~OlHc«.'.:'/'.~\: : . •*.- ¦-.' '.•:'"; '•••._" ' •¦'\:'X'
NEW TORK. ; July.' Z\ ,-^MUs.vf ira'h'! PcheW
merhorn of . New .Tork'is ; ':<5'<;ad .'at:.BaTr.;Har-:
*>or. K*. -Fh* -was- descended" frnjnL'on*-«f." this'
first settlers in ' New Ne^herUndr; ' Jacob* J ar.l
fohemierhorn, »bo-cain« to »thls"'.cotfntry ' In-
IC36. - -. .¦.¦••.'..:. .'"••- : :.?-' : .--.- I / - .:-..;':'.;'' :
NE^V TORk. • July. !"3V!^-C>wing-> toj :.-.th« n-u
merous strikes 'during the Rummer 'by men.-rtn-'
plo>-e<l In the rapid transit- subw«y."..Jt- is. Ukely.
that New Yorkers will-'be,.cohii«>lied~tp do ihejf'
tra\-»llng: above erouna until' thV. first -of feext.
Ar>rii. •. • .. /•/ ..*.-"•¦: ¦¦¦:\- -.-¦•.:••.'•:
moeiijs, ai«_. July KL^^nJnjf -rl. ejk-M
committed 6Ulcide to-day by eho6.tlh» "hiniseif.
through fhe heart. Oeepon<Jtncj' -ove.r. '.*. love 1
affair was the cause "of ihe flwd. "Sykes'.'was'
the ton of General E. X. "H>-kes of^CoIunjbus,.
Miss. • .'•-'• •.•• •;¦;-.
¦ NEW'IOBK, July 31. — The 'directors <>f.tfe
Chicago, Hock Inland and Pacific have- Called
a meeline to be held at Davenport, Iowa". Qp
tcber S. to consider the advisability of .creatlns
a bended indebtedness Jn a sum not exceeding.
*C50, 000.000. . * " .:
s-PSUkGFIEXD, III.. July 31. — Eheriff Whlt
lTck ot Danville last night wtred General 'Scott
tt>at In his opinion troops might "be withdrawn
from Danville to-day, but after a consultation*
with Governor Yates n was decided to retain
troop* there for the present* - * •
ANN ARBOR. Mlch% July •si'.-O'.arles B.
Jlare has acc«i>tea the appointment- of Cov
crnment bacteriologist In the Philippines at a
eilary of $1500. He Is the youufc man wh«i
contracted buboclc rlague while working -In
the laboratory of Michigan University with
Dr. Nocx. • * • " •
CHICAGO, July Sl.-Vx>ran TfeTdo. PWi-noldj.
a prominent attorney and politician of. Boone.
Iowa, end at one time .candidate for Gov-
«rnor of' Iowa -on 'the Republican ticket, died
last night in this city from a complication of
diseases following- a-, etrtike of paralyefi' two',
years ago.- .•;.-•'.•• . p • * . . _'
ATCHISOS'.- Kans'..- July .31.— James "Russell
of Kalisr>el, 'M^'r.t..- has .been 'appointed eiiper-'
lntrntf«rit : cf. '.the . Kansas Oity.- Omaha and
Central branch Cf 'the .Missouri .Pacific 'Rail
may in 'Northern. Kansas, to -succee'd.' H. 'O.'.
dark, rtsisriifd. ..••Ryes»\|l- 'formerly, was 'a
Fuperintendent. on--.the:..<Gre&t '.Northern Ra-ri-,
road. ', . '• «' : "'.',,:;- j .•'• •¦.•".. . . '¦¦".•.
NAPA. Juiy .SI.— ;-A '.'short'. time" 'ago.-Juflxe
Gesford and famyy vi-ereUU- f rom. ' .ptomaine
roisoning. H. . B. M3iittatC Superior- Court ' re'-'
portej-. had the ¦ rkntK exrjerlenc*. In Oakland- a
day or uo ago. 'Her'ati? dinner «t*a' restaurant
in Oakland and .wke-tikyn'sick. -'For a. -whole'
day he was un<J'e?"t;a.r t^--of -ar- phy.sictan. : but. has
recovered.- ' .* . -i ...:. ;.-' .••...-...,'•:.••.. ••'•
COLORADO. .EPRJKtis.- -Colo' • '• "July' -ijj!^-.
William S." Eteynolds.'formefl's -Street- Commis-
TELEQR^PH:N£\VS.
borer :bri 'tajiclies "lyi' the .vtcBnityvof.-l-Re^,
wo.bd- Can yp.ri. : ¦'Pe was ..at -one tlme.-vn-.ihV
rn'ate pf the ;County /infirmary'.. 'but wjas
.discharged when* strong ; enough, to leave
the Institution; ; Coroner. H./B.. Mehrmiim
,will h'ejd arilri<jue«t.! V'" : ; ','••:' ' '/."••.¦"• '¦';
•>:-o',patknt: failed and* he-.died'.wltbo.u't-.UeV
i: • g. able :to "tc 11 'anything of . howl .he ."carjie
\*> b^ JTithe bottbm&f .the'-gulchwhere:!}?
wayjJiscbveredvV^^;.';;'^", •' "•.•.".>..• ri-'''' -..'¦".
. Burn* ..' vis!. .a ' riatiye.^of '• Ir:eland,''.abbut
T/ 1 : years- of age, and. had workied'. as- a'- ia>^
' _ ,Oakland*Offlce Sin Francisco^' CalU
¦'. * ".- .TllS^Etroaaiyay^ July "a.*. .•
" Trying .oneonsclous,.at the-\bottom'-."o'f a
gulch en the Redw.o6d;C^.nj : pjjTbad,.agecl
Timothy Burns -was'. obstry : ed 'By'partje? '
driving 'on the Highway abo.Ve'-^nd.-raljen^
to the County Jnfirmaryi : ..wJie're-he pgissed*
away this morning'Witht«ut rVgainlng -'the .
use of- bis mchtal..facultiefli How .th-Xofd'
map got, to the.:depYh 'of the'ravlne-wher«'
his prcstratfffoiTn'wai di'scovered .is '.at
present a. mystery. He ,.w^s' : fearfully cut
and .bruised oh. the head, and "face,. -but :
whether '.these 'Injuries were infljeted J6a*
IJuriis by nn' jassailant or assailants -who'.
efter^-ard ; threw '.the', old man -over tfie
precipice; or whether Bui ns- toppled from
•ih'e. de'cUylty is! vnknowni. ]'; "' • ¦ ' ' : - ; '. : >
¦ ¦: Burns w.as'fpund in thegTilch two idays'
ago ,by ; travelerp^'who; aftericarrj^ng'the
ihseh'sible^xnahlout -of the-' ravine^.- Beciired
aVFista'nce* .knd'.had.i film. 'removed -j.o the
<v7unty..In'firriiab'~ ' -Evjery* eTlort tcf rivlve
.' ' *T<ju " roVa'n to cay. >.I ¦ltar!.' J ..shouted
*5w?oryr- ]u'mpliiff''jBt.n:i» : .a^d.--la^Wn;^.-:-ja^iravy;
blbw. mi. niyrface,/ Jt' -ltnocked: me;-' s*'iis.»>leys
put .of • thei chafrMp'. whlch'vt-.wfts rslttirlg.-" ;Twn;
orVmy'^Krks''- threw . : Gi^ory -put,- ¦'¦drid.•^afte^¦ I:
•had "my^e'ye>ar'e*sed.'..I- "sent ".for -the-ppllceiibtit
Gr<g<5ry toi --te.f t'tiown.-' •V' J T;.-;\;;.'->---:-.'; : .;' > 'vv'..';l:
•¦.Bruij.'?^.whb:.witri§ssed: 'the assaiijt but
ipoi •ao e:?a;riJ*-- : 'ni^k : 'tari.'.ln>i.t,VjenjRi^;;i6.'. /
statement..bri~behalf^of?hts'vmana'ger.^ : V-.:.^
Gregxiry. departed it once for ; San ;Fran
l \anC.cluded^p?te,c,tive : clsco Shbfey, -who
¦was- •summb.n'ed'- fa arrest -the^^ ibeiUgerient
'man'ager. : '_-JJridsay.', : told ¦'¦¦< the' i. : .Roiice '.he'
.«;o-iil'd 'ewear: io;a^ warrant'.fpr his assail
ant's lar rest. s»s -so^ti -as^the; courts open,
to-morrow ..^rnarhlng.' : i ' ¦'.".-• v '¦ •'.'¦; •, ' :- \ •¦".¦¦ ; • . •>
: ¦:.-tte';\-^s'a.uHfd/-^-in'B.urakce'! : .'aKent">:. was
i=.t"ruct..'uiMl'er.th'e.left. > e>re,.t^
•ing "a; .'bad: biackening Uie eye.
.Her ¦declayes.rfhe/a^ttack'
;voke"d:.'as- % lt : .';was'uiiexpe.cted. '. ,. ':,-K -X
:.' •fJrcgbr-jV-s T-expTanatiqh Vas^ that he' had
teen •called.:a x .llar v by^^^
were 1 . a.bojit -.business matters, .and .
¦h.e"'resehied:t.he' epithet.'- ¦.:;:;;¦ : : ;i:'; :¦/::.¦• vf'
.' -Lindsay.'*., story" follows; ; :V • v i : - • ' : ¦'''.'!
'.* This, irbubjp *wa« : the.resuit pf.a :eaii. at .my
office'- this; afternopn'by Gregory arid- ..A. ¦'¦t>'.:
Brune,. one of .his; agents:' In. this "-city;, -with
whom I .had "-a -dlscussinn a • few "days .ago on
polat* 'About' the -.two'.cidnipanies. • T.madeva
b*t •with Brune-. On- it'.niatler'.'oi compairtsbns
between -the' companlesiwe '.represent.' Oh. Thurs
.'day-I- rn>v>d '. to ¦•;-¦• Brune' s- . satlsf action r' that
the proj>o'sltl6n 1- advanced > was. fioirect 'ianij
hs'pald the-be't;. It- was a ¦Eo6d-natjirtd'.<;oft ;:
trov.er«y.. «o :fa-r -at" least, as I .w.as' cohcerried.
•and'- a!f ter ¦the -tw?t ; - was'.fettied '.-I gave: the matf
ter. no- further thought. •. ¦-".'¦-¦:¦-. '::':.i.y''-y[:': '• -. : >- •¦¦:•'
;-Thls- atternpon :. about; S: b'clocfc. Grejrory;
whom •!-. -had' ri.ot- tnet-. before; ¦accompanied '.by
Bruhe'.--called'..af- my> 'office; ¦.•They ¦Btartedr-ln
'aii' 'arievment that- 'trie -¦'bet.'' yas^ Jrrohg; •¦¦- but;
finally ".-admitted 7 .that- I -.was, • technical Iy7-c<>i > r
. rert. . Th'eri -.thlncs' '.wa'rriied . .tip" "and ... I': ¦ madfe
¦eoihe~ remark' abtfut' dividends of the tw» :<Som
parries:-' -- ..-:.: : :: : : i ;. ?,- ':'/;-;:v:-.V:-';:^-'^; ;¦:"' ¦.-;¦:
- :*rhafJs nbfso,"jFaldCTegpry,«. : •¦-. :'¦¦;••"¦;.:
. -.••i,think" ir,i« eb.v--frtpii*d;-'.-- .::';'^;:;:;^; ; ;r
* IJe-4.ted;ajrgjim.e.fat jii -a dlsc^ssi:brl.o*n-,fhe
;rela\J^'e-fneritv ot.ilxgX f\ life -. irj'surknce)
'companies Jed' ib''an : -a'ssaijlt:'-thls /after-,
noon 'on.. J/. '&'.';Lrn(Jsky';vdVstri.ct •rnah.ager:
d f "the -.N>. w : '^Ymit'fUiaJjnaiiri^a^rfiorci',
n y. by E. H.-. Lestbck Gregory';- general
•maliager lit" •'c,allfornta;' bf •the.;{i;tna'- Life
"Insuranx-e .Company,-, at :. Jiin«3|say'a'.:ofllces'
Afr the Central;;Bank.'.blpck,'.Four.teentH
.? treetl f and. ,Broad."war..: ; ; .Lindsay,:-' was
knocked. .senseless-/ .by .» heavy. : blow pn
tha- face;- wJU|«\- Gregory-. ;"escaped: with
nothing^ • more " than; . a ' :, hasty. ¦. ejectment'
from -the .offices' by twb- of theiNew York
Life .clerks.* ¦:' "-^ : .. ;•••',-:'• ".¦" : - ¦• - ,';-. '' . ' •
Oakland' Office': Sa^n Franclsco'S Cali",
•'- ¦ ./ ••.".•.• lilB" Broad : wa;jr' t . July- ilV.^
;•" T.he 'Demacratler League. •"• Clul» \pt' the.
Forty-fourth; .Assembly D'lstrl.ct " met at
:the; California .Hotel- last' night and "nom«'
lnatedthe follo.wlng. delegates t.q- the con
iVehtfon-:. .'•.- •¦."¦ "* ! .-' y .;."-" \... •, ; ¦ ;.:•
Gale." Christian RelY Jr., "D*l- 'Louis
Gross.. £L K. .Campbell. MUton (ialeV -Alexander
Jackson, ' Dr:v.Roberf«LawTy,' 'John IJ.- ' Kelly.
August Nouguler, . Edward Downing, Frank
Martola,' .Thomaa.-Hr. Cohboyt /IT- . A. »-Ru^ei!..
William .'Herzoir. Geoiiee " We.lch, Jarh^a •' Ma
hohey, 'David-. H. •Johnson;-. Samuel.' gbnnerireld.
; -^.The". • committee', -.appbrntea •'' '«(t iti e" .' lqsf
meeting •p/ < ,.the"Democrati<r X>ague'-Club
o'f.'the-T.hirt^is'e.Viehth'; -AssemBly; Efistrlct
:to.-;seledt" delegates* to -!the". convention anil
rrep'of t'theni; to • th>: club-^tt it^.next me'et.-
Ijng; for^its.,app"r9var,;ha»*select«jd .the fol
lo'wliig:'.... .. •" ' . •'..••' .:' : -\. fm -~'i > ..." • ..°*
,v'^Joseph E:.'OT>onn^ll. Frank G. '"Dnjry, °jame»
•X.~KJnKade, George- White,' .John- .1*. Tracy,
¦ Jonn/.Crummey, -John. J.. McCarthy,*. James J.
Fllnh,'I?r. Joseph Ca re w;. Edward -F. Franks,
Jer<?rnla*h- -ptllon; ..James IK Dockeryf 1.1* IX
"Klopslock, 'Edwafd. Leopold, •• -Jbhn D. 'Nagle.
John Ji..' Kelly/ WlllVam p. Burke,' Alexander
McCabe/'Xlch')l.as Sfolan.. ')¦ ' .'-.• \:\t' v- - ¦
:.7fJs ijnd'erstood that" Ga-yih McNab. who
"ityes in : this'- district,? will put- up. a ticket
.in opposition to the. 'Sh'anahan .ticket. In
the.." distribution 'of.* patronage .under V.io"
'.Phelto regime., this district •, was badly
treated/- despite: 'the . protest ' of D. I. -_ Ma tf 
"honeyand JJ.Wi-.Shanahah, who now yur- 1
j>ose r.eihf orcing 'the protest with a solid,
-.delegation to" the' Democratic convention.
'I, Montague* Moses and. Robert A.. Bennett
have." been" appointed' respectively tempor
¦ary'president, and; temporary secretary oC
a. Democratic crub^to be'. .organized under
the. auspices. .-of the- Democratic County;
'Committee- in the. Fortieth dis
trict, '•.." ": . 'r •"...' .-•• j''-"'- ¦'•••.' •
/\Ttie'*Deih,ocrattc co'unty,comniltteemen of
;the.^^ Forty- fourth.-" Assembly. District. ; J.
JrV/'-Slia'nahan -'chairman, -have' fiam'lnated
•the .following' "ticket-. ,tb bev voted , for at
•tn'e '¦ primary election?... •'.¦*• .:'J; i.''.' ."¦
- ,*BatntieV!f«ew.m_an,. Jatmea I^ell, T.. - TST." Shana
•Tian.;j.,X McGulrp.'WIUiapi'J. "Waters, l^,u!i
• Lacay,- Nick- Brennan,- .Daniel Brooks.- Theo.
iEstudnfo.-E?. F. GUlot. Joseph Burke, Arthur
..Green, -Edward Gosliner. .-J.-KT Allen. ' WUllana
¦ Page,- Van. *Al Shafer.-iWilllam M. Sears, Joha
Turalo, '.- -." . * •. •••-•,.. '
; ";••¦••, mcnab- in. FTEiD. • .* : ;
: vrNii>bksEi);:;- 0 \ g
•••.. The.'. Unitf d ir. : Re'pubfiJc.a.ii- ? ':- Oliib.- : :bf ¦" tha
¦.Th'irty: : eigh^; .^A^ejfn'bly.- '-msttVct'-- held a
well '.atj:'en,aed-..m'eetrnV.. lasj.nighY :ln--{ta
.harivajt.'-We.bs.te^...vst're 1 et"*a^d . Ga.ta
ayehqe.- •; . Amongclthe. ; speakiiia.'-whp'-
; dr.esse<f 'jth.e -.iaseetfngr 7 yr.e re .State : .Senator
: E'd.ward •^\^bUe K '.Mar'c: .'Anthony and T.
'B/;Rj?an. .was .passed unanU
mpusiy' "the. sentiment of
•]j|ftMeftA : .Jt^^ti^4^|^^'tl^«j^cai9 the
¦ iriuTiicl'p'at''cbn-yehtiQf]i-: ff.om>r.th'e- ,Thlrty
«lg%h'DJstilc.t- should- B3e'[e.yerV honorable
; -.to*;.se^ur'e 'tof. Senator ¦ Edward .1.
>Voife'--tfie<-n6nii'natlo'n i Mayo'r:. ; 'Sena
v toVr:-:?tVc>lfe,.assuf.eil'.the Jcjiufi-.triaf if • tho
LCojiveriti.ori* pa^-,flt;t&ynVmina£eJ;hiin f-or
thy-.hlijh'offl'ce-he x >-ourd.'acce]j't 'arnd make.
:eyery\ eft 6'rt i'i> h'is>'pow^r. .to. bfe. elected.
, ; :.Th^-InaependenV JRe'pub'Uc.anr Club .tjf the
relgbth /. J)fstrict,' v < A. : -; ; B i ;..Trunian
•.cjialrma'ri.^wiU hold a,*m.eet}ng' af Hamll- :
streets^ -'^ion'dc-yL' 'eyenlngj* • August'. -3, tor
'•tliej purr/osV- of i. selecting'' -iielf gates 'to 'he.
.y6ie^*for-'at'the.-prlmar^:"el.ection.y" : - : v •" -
•';vJndepe|ndent. Rejfubllcans-'of'tbie'.Tbirty
;:thir*dv'Assembly-.i)fstrict'.- wUl 'meet -.this
.eyeii'ing. ..at-.f£jtlk*s .;Hall,-.;PTecl'tav 'avenue;
nearVMissib'h. streetX- '-., ¦'».?'••'. *' . ". -¦ .
." N niade-by. Lincoln'if,'Say
agfei, \'AieXand;er^ 't'ampbeJ.i.'.- T3fc£-j Jacob
;Shaeri;'i andr Afartlif. . : B>ady;yA. xesblutlpn
;6«> regret" fwasf/passed; [ojif^pf 'rej»i>ecf. :to
tfw.;Ft^^iUw^^^.Sciiat6c'Ji£iMvnvSt
.'Wiiiiamsti:;'.'*'-'"."/;::"-'^'-^ J:^--" *l-:'i -"• • ' : ¦:¦
¦ ;:J,;. Gi ; "Koyne;. V.% -TV.. Brady; 1 '.^-. 9- "Strauss.
;"W-. -BlaJteley.;.R. - J»7 an," A: .Kaakell: .D» H. Sul
llvani:%::II. Ltnd. .$>. • S. - E^?Pavar».- J^'Breem-.
J'.. Ellas. ••JJr.VV. K. J%ckaon;>A. :Gras*6. SS-i.'
Robertsoni. M.'iMi ."inum;;..M.-'.Ragsett. J. .D.
Shay; .. : A;' Johnson, .J. - G.; Qri'cn, •' A.'- Campbell
the: /Fbfty^fQurih' :;Aasembly.: District met
la'stv night' jnv'lta "'{lead'qua.rters, 'SSJi.Poyt
f treet,: for the 0 rMi.rpose 'of. nominatifp? del T
egat'es it & the , niunidjpal "cbnyeotlQn, :• A
;cpmnatte?.'.pt...fburt.^nf.'.<epoafh- biy • :,the
president- selected the .. tojlbwliijr • -named :
• The • primary ' election will" • tak« ..-place
.one w.eek f ro.m next Tuesday, • So- far. the
municipal", campaign ;has. developed but
•little 'enthusiasm.' It.se"em3to be gener
ally accepted -that F.ranklln Ijane.will
rece'ive'-'ihe ¦ D.ermbcratlc- nomination for
iVIayqr.'aa many .'of the. proposed delegate*
"!rdm"5a.ch. faction-* o& the party have been
Instructed ;to-;support lilm.; .The Republi
cans.-are :corigratula-ting .themselves over
t;he--.prb£pec,t. j3f-BUfQclent. .Interest- in the
camp^bf, the; opposition to:ke:en" lh<s Dem
p'cratsfrp&t-. vesting -for" delegateir to the
rRepubHcan'<oriv'en.tl6"ni-.'-; ¦¦.¦..:¦..•. •" *¦*»" >>' '-".• .- ..
¦:i]tribt.'tyh&reye'?;. i, statute, a!hdv'thiel..constltufri
;cbur.t'Vroui^fhpId.fhe'cbnstltMtlpnVw
; ;tp V h^?tia^UtV->^^:^/?:^::\^-':;/>:" : ;.«^
'* ";;Af .t^r'^he;:afgumfehtS'had bften •
-nienib^fl i. of- Jj;he!f.b^b4rd> r'etlred; : li\to-ve?ecu*-'-'
.XiVe.:se'ssibnc '^When.^^'t.hey/.recortyen^d; th^
sWeral •'p.et.iiiqns\p.fesente'd .b'if'the'.'cb^ijr
.'pany.-vere . disjjosed~6'i f'%it> -,f Gilo w£y Dh-Tmp-'
-don f of.^siip^eVvls.or:^ Mi.tch'elL'v'the"; assess-?
;m"ent-.pf the- franchise/of- the.~Ce.n^rat-.-P.a-:
'ciJfJc/Tiai'l way >¦¦ ope rat In g . : . bpat.s. -..f rora.. .the :
-.'Oaklarid |m61e .tq ; -S.an ;Ff?incl!!coi.;'icnA.. : &s±\
*s$s'sed;.')ai.°. $7K),pbO,'. ; was!'; .reduced* '. to* J53,j
.'•SJ.ltcheU, lillbrner* ind-i^eliey; Noting- a'ye
•"ahd'.Talcot't. and- .Rowe" nb;*.on mbti'on' of
JJiticheir : the .assessment- of the* South "BaV
¦ciflc . Gbast Railway, .operating boatS^fVoin.
•tlis". na.rrpw.-pauge slip .in i 'Dakidnd.fo..the
¦ferrfes.-invSan.' Fi-ancUco,-- .was' t : fe,duced;
from'J^O&.OOO ri'qi'So. by • th"e : s.am.e .vote; ". :„'
; — iGJther-- asseBsments ' of ihe cpmpanyV reV
.'duced'.jverer.. -'An" assessment '.of^.JllOClioOQ;
levied.' on Ihe ¦ block ". syfetein -.of '.the, .cbm^
; panyV- yhich'lwas-; strickeh. : f rom t\e rolis'
'oni -.Ih'e ground that\.lt" had" already • been,
'assessed by : .tKe."State .Board-. -.The prop
erty'of •thB'company.'at.the. Oakla'rid "mole,
¦.consistihgjbf "thifty-elghV acres, -was re^
..ducedfrom-jiaO.WO-.to. ?200,000 on' the show- .
. irig v tha"t ,rio*/imRrovement's -hadbeen - mad?"
slnfce Mast 'year.-the "extra' 'J50.000.' having'
.be^n added ..by'-.Daiton on-the. grounds- of
; 'ra'|s(B.-ln: th^s "value o*f-"p'roperty geijer-;,
.ally, ;¦ while; the • assessment; on 'knproyer
• ments; was :c.utVfrflm-^;0flp";.tp.'WO,d0p.v the;
bp.ard'.ljeing. unanimous -iii 'the last- three-
•• • . -v :'••'¦;- : -?~ ,:.~. •;>.'•*:
•tended '<alk. : VH.e.;Te^
;! Cpuftt:£
.assess • -th'ft iier'ties : k rfd * f ranchlger.- ftinnin g
across ; ;water>^
: to-^6e^ : ;dl«ded;
equaliy r . v betwee.n^ the"
the^f erry ypfiesi ; •;lip' / a.lso' read ¦ the
d'escriptfop^^:¦^f;~¦ihe^yssessn^t;•:.ma^e?.by.
itKej ; St'i(t* f .'3?.^ r ,?!'^^b^"Efl«allzXti*<> n v :^^ l| fci?::I? :
0^
pf.V;f er ry 'Cbp^ts/f /pe X argued;, that
as^ii'e-hSdVttr- assess . : the;'b;6it9 : : hV < 'ha.d;the
vfi'g-ht : to ; asB*esa>'th'e'. f rainichfsevj^n ;--%.-r-': £ ;;'. : :
••'The ruhriihrdf.oOrrferrl»«(>»':«" right- w^ hare
given' -u» by 'the. Statf.-v.ThstJ.Barne • right ,-ex.-.
tends to all branches of-a Railroad. 83r*tem;;.: ; ThS
rlBhi'to^operate^is one thing, '.while .the assess-:
ment bt : the ttacTc.:ari« railing • stock,:, which .-.U
:describe.d. : iis, anot^
botits'-are pereonaV property': arid'.are .assessable'
at such." Xhe^riffht to- .:pperate;'.JhemV .we hohl
the^ game :as::the^righit rt^r run- a-- train .from • one,
•ptflnt. ttf- anoitiier^ .The nass?».<meht-7leyred,'^-.by ;
your' County "A^sesson (a/t>rC our :r1ght--tb- operate. •
"wiiichvls 1 :: assessed! bir} th> ; Sfa.t> ;Bp>r>J -of .Fijpal- :
'wtt^5Jra*^^BciBiejKw^Jk*fcT»^yBeBii^r*«g^
seEsment-SoUstahdi ";•:'; ;r ' :tS l - ''^.--: .V-Kv-vV"-. : -^% ~^1-"
The " Southern Pacific Company- wbn-'-a
viatory.' before.' the Board' of .'.Equatfzatlon .
to-day and- 'sot ; the assessment of $1,059,
000", placed by- Assessor • Dalton.- upon 'Its!'
bay -ferry" franchises reduced'to. .tlicj. rromr
'lnal Vajuoof .ifo..>The.'.polhJ> was decided,
by : i vote qf 3 ip'r.&nd 2 against making
the reducttbn, •.Supervisb.rs.Mitchell/.:Kei
jahd Rpw.e' "Votihsf a'gSinst'.it,i..'->'... •' : ". ¦'•-!>
. .The . hearliis-Uook,- up-.- the" '.eAtire :af ter>. :
nboh;. ' After ¦ the "pFesentatlon; .^f . the' pe-:.
titli>n3;;W;-.E:. :Biack",:iiyan,.'tax. > comnils
slonef of- the r^i'll.way^^he .bx>«Lr d -..was; ad—
'dressed^at VijengtK J/:;E.'
Foiitds -for : the'. cbmpany>'- H?'. todk- . the
posltiptV, .-thaV tKe^JeVylog^ot; an.. : aisess-.
meht liy • IliifetjMia^bViilliW^w* ttahehise
f or . rurini^> ; -its.;f er.rtei
assessment -ilready . ipa'de " by: the;:.Sta.te
Bjoafdvpf^ Eduaifzatibiii^^ He;.combated.^the.
point rnaiie^by EJaltpn that the description
of ,the v ?outhem^acrtcVs; francltlse Vended;
'at";th'e'ferfy;:jt)uildin<:ln; Skn Francisco .and:
be'gan ;: asjain.: at.--.tfie^pakland;^ole-.;by
stating; : that^Uhje-.franchfse. CTante*4:vth.e.
.railway att'i'ntangiljle thing.^^tha|.could.;;no T f
be ,descrlb.ed 'by ¦.metes¦^¦and n •¦bbunds.,;;but'
waW'^i^^Kht-Jtp-rdpvcertainvlhlniKsu; ;He;
said6;r^;f:. ; V>\-,v.- ;:< -^> : v. i '^¦¦}' : - : v ; :'^:
/.Oakland Office San 1 * Francisco .Call;*
: . ',- . -. •". \1118 . Broad.way : ,', July.'. 31.-'. •
Signs of Demdcratic Fight
. v in*the_Fortj[-Fo.urth •••
•¦.-•-¦ '"..-: ¦ ¦•: • District.-." • . " ••'
Manager '.Gregory ' of . <^tna
V Life-Lands; ohvLindsay. 5
- ; ;"• • ¦- ; bf New .%brk,tife; ; r •; 'C
; Vrrtv ; TERKELE.T; Jufr. . Si.~the' dlrccV
'.jLe2*.toro\ of- 'St; .'Joseph's ;• Academy.
• \ I vl) nave - worked ' a . : traiisf o rmation in .
- '". K ¦Pera'lta-h*Ul,.the one tlirie.hbpe 1
•:' ' ; V. • .' and ; ; pride -of "M,; "B.'.Curtis. ; the
'.VSam'l; of. Ppsentv of theatrical fame. -With ;•
the' purchase ..qf.*t&e beautiful' park.-and
. btrildlhgW; from/- Francis'- D/miii', their most
"recenV 6wrie'r,;;tn'e;' academy 'management
has^ worked/ assidudusly.-for'the'.opening of ¦
the • hew- • St. '.¦Jose'pri's ¦..'Academy'. ": which
\wUil' occur ilonday. ' .-•¦/¦ ;;.... : '¦¦':_ -. \ .. •••¦-•. ,
¦ •In view, of- the .advantages r of : - the spa
:.../:.¦-¦ ' ' ¦'"¦' >-••'/•• ¦-••/.- X ¦:¦¦:¦• v ¦'¦ ¦
Majority. Holds, thei Taxing of
;. Franchise for Ferries Liies ;
• ;: ;>¦"' With State Board, "'¦¦: ¦[..
; The new .St.-. Joseph's Academy Is'der
signed--, for the' Instfructlofi of .boys .under
fifteen: years of age.:and Is; a preparatory
school for- St.. Mary's College^ , ; .' 'o-V'.v.'.
c.Ipal.. of .'StV/ .Slary's" .'school,- . Oakland;*
Brother A.- Austin, .for many. years- identi
fied with . o'Jd . St;.. • Joseph's .'Academy;
Brother -T. Peter. of De La Salle institute.
New' .'¦ York.;-. Brp.ther Z: Aldrlck, formerly
with' ;i StI.-.. -Mary's \ .jdaHege. . '.Oakland:
Brother .:'¦ •Vandellplan"- •.. of -the Normal
School at Mart!ne2" ; Pr6fes : sors-' Louie von
Mehden, T.'J.d'Brieri; Drv J, Haher and
Rev, T. M.-Va'lleio.' '.-:..''¦;,: :¦ ' -i-.' >¦'¦-.¦' ' : '-*-\
Parses Away From; Injuries
Without .; RiecOy.ering O; .'' •
: . ConEciousness*.- ; -•%: * ?. *'¦'
Board . of \Egualizatipn
r-v Strikes AOfi^; Big; '"¦¦; ¦'.;
' yjj -:.\- •'; Assessment * V> - •
Republican Club In
dorses Senator Wolfe
v for Mayor, .-v. .
Mystery Surroilnds Pate
.: of Age'a.Timotiiy"- V:
Hot Words Are Pollbwr
.- e.cl Jby. Smashing • Use ).'
.'.¦•• .*-•"." -of a Fisti0Mm
RAILROAD WINS
AGAINST DALTON
LIFE INSURANCE
MEN IN BATTLE
FIND DYING MAN
IN DEEP GULCH
EDUCATORS TRANSFORM OLD PERALTA
HALL INTO ST. JOSEPH'S ACADEMY
PREPARRTIONS
FOR PRIMARY
TH# ::{SAN; .XnA?$Gl$COl GAJjIj, V SATtlRB -A Y. (AUOl^ST 1, '- WQ3.
11
•; y Bry son "studies may' be framed-
' .with- narrow fraane, burnish gold
/•edging raw" silk mats;
; colors ; selected to \ suit tones and"
These studies' admit of •
a vaHety of styles and also make
strikingly, e'ffectiyo posters>sThe
f 'Lady in Green?' .and companion
pieces to follow" .are- undoubtedly *
the swellest art . pictures ever
issued ..by any newspaper" in
Amcrwa;, ;;
FRAMING BRYSON PICTURES
h jhe:"Lady>in green,^
Next Sunday's Call..-..-...-.- TO" eCAIU' '•'"..-' '¦¦'¦ .
¦? ".. Steamer; >'-. '= . . ycpe.stinatto.n." . '|:;Sai}s..i 'Pier.'' :
W^TT^ -¦¦ : -'. : "'%AnBrniit.".i";":V;i.:V--.'.;.i v :.:-;.'"'"''-'
:-G r .Lindauer.- : Gra.y^i Harbor,^-.:. *;[).'¦ tom|PJef '28 : -
•San>Pedi I .p.-.'. Humboldt '.'...:.. v...| .4 pmlPier '-2
Argo."... ..'.',. Eel'Rlver. -P6rts^.:.J--4. pm-Pfer.' 2.
Ramona'. ?; :-.! San'Pedro- '&' Way. 9am Pier- 19.
;<roluAibia'.-..U' A-st.<5ria '& Portland 11 am Pier' 24
. New.port..:J- .N. '.T»-."xls: Panama 12.." m Pier 40"
"'- -. • "¦ ." . • Angnit %. • . •-..• ¦ ; • '
; Kureka ..;-.. ., Humboiat • '..'¦. 9 am Plec 13
. Cenfra.liR'. ...-. Lcs '.Angeles Por.ts.J10-am|Pler 10"
• 8, Rosa ."."'I.-.' San Diego & \V'ay[.O am|Ple"r la
1'omona...,". Humboldt «'• . . •'••.. . .11 :3o plP.ler. iy
:' ..:..¦•• Anjrnst'3. -.¦»•• f "• : ••
Phoenix".'...:: Mendocino "City. .... 1 pipfPier- 13
• Alliance. Eureka & Coos-Bay «5.pm Pier -18'
.Centennial.. Seattle-. & Tacoma. '5.pm|Pier'- 2'
•Pt. .Arena... 'Poin.t' Arena .:.....y 4 pmipier-."a
. Cjarina.' Cdos 1 Bay . direct. . : | 8 pmlPier - & ¦
- ¦ ' •'•! ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ - A'ngnst -4. . ' . •--.,'.".. •' 1 ¦••.-.
Chieo.^..^.. Coqullle River". "-...••. "6 pm Pier -2'
Arcata.-... .•. Coos B.& Pt.Orford 12 -m Pier-13
City Puebla.: Puget Sound Ports. Ill tfm Pier »•
C. Nelson..." Grays Harboj".-.*. ..I 5 pm Pier". -2'
Anirnnt 5. . •
Corona...... Humboldt ......... 1:30 p Pier 0
Arctic Humboldt . . . •• 4 pm Plef 10
-Chehalls.... Grays Harbor. .:..: Pier 2
Coos Bay."... Newport '& Way.. 9 pm Pier lu
• Denderah... . Hamburu & -Way. 2 pm Pier 25
Coronado Grays Harbor....'.. '4 pin Pier lo
Iaqua.....V. Humboldt 0 8m Pier' 2
• State of Ca!.. San Diego & *Way. 9 am Pier 19
\entura..... Sydney &Wajr.... 2"pm Pier 7
G.W. Elder.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 2-4
¦ • ¦- . Augniit 7 S
Curacao. . . . . Mexican . Ports : . . 10 am Pier 11 .
N.evadan . . . Hnolulu & Kahulul 3 pm Pier. 20
• . . '.;• .-.:•»: ¦ Anenat S". . "• ; -,:
Siberia ....... china & Japan..-.. 1 pm Pier .40
City . Y . Panama. 12" m Pier 40
K«val Willapa" Harbor... •.'. 4 pm Pl» r 2
'¦ ¦-•••.'•¦.•¦' • -iAnsriiBt'O." • *'¦-.•.•.• - •.-¦."
•Rainier...:.", Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm' Pier 10-
Umatilla..-:^ Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier'. 9
North Fork., Humboldt ..-....-- 6 pm Pier '2
" : v; ; V r ¦¦. Anprnut 10. .-. . .. ". • -¦:. •";
Newburg. . . . Prays j Harbor. . .... 4 pm Pier-; 2'
,:..".;'¦¦• •'>"> FROM* SEATTLE. "¦- •" . ' '
..Steamer. .;. '. .^ . : , ' .For.. ... .V ; . Sails. >
Excelsior.:... rCooks Inlet"&'.Way ; Pts. Aug. 1;
Aztec.....:..... Nome ..."..•....'•..'••... Auy. I
Ohio. ......'... Nome '&• St."Michael. . . | Aug. 2
.•Humboldt Skagway & ; Way ? Porta. Aug." 2
Senator..".'..".". 'Nome ...'.".¦..•'••..•'••''•".. Aug. , 2
¦ Cottage City.'. Skagway ; a . Way Ports. Aug. 3
. Spokane Ekagway & Way Ports.- Aug. 4-
Roanoke...... Nome & St. Michael... Aug. 4
Al-Ki . Skagway St ,Way Porte. Aug. 4
Dirlgo. ;.-...... Skagway & Way Ports. Aug." 4
Bertha ......; Cooks Inlet . & . Way . Pts. Au». 7
City Seattle. .'. Ekagway & Way Ports. Aug.' 7
Dolphin.':...; Skagrway'&'Way/Ports.lAug. .7
City Topeka.. Skagway. & Way Ports. I Aug. lr
Farallon...... Skagway & Way Ports. |Au«r.* 11
NEWS' 'OF THE. OCEAN.
Hatter's of Intefest' to Mariners. and
• 'Shipping Me'rchants. ' . •
The." schooner Solano.is chartered "for lumber
•from Puget" Sound to-. Sydney at 32s 6d. 'with
option of Melbourne. Adelaide 'or 'Wallaroo 40s,
or Fremantle 50s: Norwegjari bark Vlvax, same
business from' Eureka to' .Cork", U. K. f Z>0&—.
both chartered prior to '".arrival. • The barken-'
tine Tropic. Bird returns to T.alilti ylth^ general
cargo. . -. '. • • .
Two .Cargoes for. -Hawaii;
• The bark Annie/ Johnson was . cleared, on
Thursday for Honolulu w4th .an "asserted mer
chandise -cargo, valued at .$41,06t and incljid
ing the following: -.200 bbls flour, ,1495" ctls
barley." 25,846 lbs bran, IS -ctls "oats. 225 .lbs
3 cs" meals, 255 cs canned goods, .2100" lhs"cof
fee, 47 pkgs groceries and provisions, - 20 es
olives, 4450 lbs- 10 cs lard, "404 gals- vinegar;
4»J89 rals 30" cs wine. 50 cs-baklne powder,
4S26 lbs bread. 25 cs sugar.-" 7S ctls corn.
209.325 lbs fertilizer, 85 . bbls salmon, BO Cs
baking powder. 40.O50 lbs salt," 421.14S H>s soda,
770 gals oil, *00 pkgs powder. 88 cs soap 20
cs" matches. 20 cs candles, 222 fks coke, 227.
pes pipe. 15 cs paints. 500 bbls lime, 44 ndls
brooms, 37 colls cordage, . 219 pkgs gasoline.
224 pkgs wire, • 19" pkgs wagon I material, 10 cs
benzine, 7 cyls ammonia, 25 pkgs agricultural
implements. . • ;
The bark- Roderick ¦ Dhu, which cleared * on
Thursday for HUo, carried a" general merchan
dise cargo valued af $51,867.- The • cargo In
cluded the following: • 475 bjjls flour. 113 pkgs
fresh fruit. 4000 lb« salt, 34.019 lbs middlings.
839 lbs beans. 103 -. pkgs : groceries and pro
visions. LOO0.7C7 lbs fertilizer, 75 cs olives.
3 bbls vinegar. 140 lbs dried fruit, UCO lbs cof
fee, G3 ctls wheat, a bbls calmon, 3103 ctls
• Speaks, the Andy Mahoney:
• The" ste.ams.hip. Korrlgan-.'.at Guayirias, re
ports: that- on -July 24 ehe, spoke tiie Ap«Trican
schooner Andy iilahon«>y 'fifty "miles northeast
of Cape St; Lucas: The Mahoney. "was" then
out seventeen" id.ays from ' Santa . Rosalia; for
Astorja.- .".. • . . ' ¦ •-.'. .-'•' ¦ .'••'•¦ .*
. • •<: :« ¦ — i:-..^- -.-'•' .•"
Rates .Reduced."
" The rate of. reinsurance on the.'Milton Park
and Helen Brewer, were reduced -ypste'rday to
20 and :». per cent.. respectively/
•Deep-Sea-. Ainy als.
. .The. Britlsh'.sh'lp" Row'fna.- -CaBtairi. Mackay;.
arrived" yrsterday 131' daj-s..frorn .-Antwei:p % .;'The:
¦British flilp. *ButVs>|ii*,"M2 rdays'.-'fFom'-Rotier--.
,dam".ari<i the BrJUsh.'ship'' ¦Pericles; '64- 4ays.
frcni :-Newc«;stW. "Aus'tralia. * aRpeared-" jbff • tUe
ti^ads 'late* yesterday afteriippn jh: .'company.
.¦w'lth."th«".B;- N.'-.Castlc and 'the. Rpsamp'nd; from-.
Honolulu. ¦•.:-.•"• '••'' *.-.->, '•* : '-' '"•¦.¦."••..¦.'•.
Shipping Intelligence.
¦":.::-Vv. ¦'•..:¦; : V.;••'?;,,A'RRlVEt^.^^••.¦.:^:^ v : e.;-.--.'-,^.:
;.'-.: ; ':;.V i: '-V ;-::n;':^'--^ }'.:•'-Friday.;-July.31.:
•": -'S'tnar / Saijta." Maritca, Oiseni : . .66 < hours/ frtStpf-
•Eah,Pedrb.':V"':. ¦.:.'/¦¦ ¦•: : .' ¦'¦¦'-.. ¦-.'-•.''.'-; "¦- '¦:¦'. ¦ ''. -'¦- : ':.
.i .-.Sfmr-- iJe'L Nprte,- GreeA; 32 -hqurt-. frpm ';Gr,es-.
<xttt.Cliy': : >~~- :.:¦¦,*¦¦¦':. '.¦-.¦'.¦¦:> :¦'¦¦¦-¦¦¦• ¦¦). •Jvi'-Ji.Vr-.'-'VV
. : ' ¦ Stmr. '. .Point. iArenk} • Ml.ller, '¦•¦tiy lic.urs -from.
•MeTjdoc-ihb-. v-''--- ¦ ', '.'. •-:"-' :•'>:••-."--'¦- '.•• : '-. •'.-' •;??•'¦ ¦¦'.
-.Strhr City ip.t.'Puebla,. Jepsen; 58 hour.s from
yictor-ia...'. • .-.'. . ' .-'•... -. : '•:•¦;.¦¦--.¦ ¦". .-''„;¦-..-' 'rO- <.'¦'.^/
v^Stmr-'Pomona; . Swahsonr 17;.h6u'rs; -from. Eu- ..
¦reita; >', ••.¦':%•.'•. • "- '. : '<:¦;¦:¦. •<¦ ': ':'¦••> '¦; '.'¦:'' N'/v';-* r :: ¦¦''' ':•/'
;: . Stnir.-'G:ualala,- < J6h.rison,' 16 .hours; .'from;. Mertr;
• d'or.lnp:.-- : -' ' :•.-." i ¦ .;:"¦ ' '.'¦ /***•¦"-¦*• " :; '¦'¦¦'?¦'¦.¦ ¦•;•
ifJ$,tfrtr Francis :jiv-L^gge'tt; ; : Jahnseh,..£3:, hours .
from -Eureka;- '•.".-.•.-. •.>'-.-. ./-..¦'. *.-'.': :'';¦'¦':¦:''¦''¦'¦<¦:
.-•Strjir. '.Scot-la: •" Er3cks.on; -:lT--.hours.-,from VFort:
•Bragg.. :/.".• ¦¦;¦ i-./- ¦'•'.. ¦:,:'.¦¦ ' '¦¦ a;-^ •«*'-,.••" '^"*.-; : -~"''
• ¦¦•Stinr -Atbo, ¦: Dunham,-. 2*- hours ; fpSm\ 'Ee.1-
River;:' '¦¦ "/- ; .f-*-r- : ':~: ' '<'• '• •'¦¦'¦'¦ '' ¦¦'"*'¦ ---: V: '
• fitriir Kureka; J.essen;--24' hours fr.oirt.Eur.eka.
••. •S'tmr.' PrenttEs. Ahlstrpm^ ;43 -hours : tpoin- Sari.
Pedrov': . '• '• ';. " ' •.'.- .'•¦¦•¦•." "••¦.¦•. • ¦- " •'•, >• '• '."r'*:-'. "'•;
: - Ger" "stmr Dende'rabv . Vpn Relgen,—3 -jlaiys . 8
hojys from-'Seattlej "put" in-Jto- finish, lo.adfngy ;.'.
¦•Br Fhlp-Callfornfa, Pot-y, 67"da>X'from. New
•caStle, 'Au^. ¦•"••; .. '¦ . ¦ .' " :.". "«.¦.•.• :.-".•...."
Br;. shjp. .Rowi?na,- .Mackay., '131 •. days ; from
"Antwerp. ' ".•''•- •¦•_ ." ••. . •. ¦' .- -'-\ \" ' •*.
Br-Fhip. Buteshire, Piirdfe, r42 «*.ays . t rtim
Rotterdam. .' " '.- . •"•"'"" "••'.,•'' . •'.:• • ' •
¦ BV bWd Perioles, -Handefson; -66 days- from'
NV^castlc. NSW., " •:.•.,.¦..• '.... .
Bktn S N- Castle,. Nilson, 23 days from- Hono
lulu. • • .-.. •'• • '.-¦.¦• : "'• " ¦-" '•
' Schr Rosaniond, Ker^iald. 21- da.ys from Hopo-'
lulu. • • " • •-¦ " •'.•;• . ¦'-.". . '
Schr • Glendale, prtfnvold,.- 33 * hours S from.
•Eureka. .• ''"•". • • * * ¦• •"
• . • • . CLEARED. .
• • •. V .-. . .-..••• Friday,- July31'.. .
•Stmr Ramona, San 'Pedro:* Pacific 1
Coasf Steamship Co. .' .•' '-
Stmr S^nta Ro"ea, Alexander, San Diego: Pa
.ciflc Coast Stea-mshfp Co.-' . '
• Stmr Columbia, .Doran, .Ast.tfria; OR-.&'
Nav Co. - - '• '. • . - - • '
Nor stmr Titanta, Egenes. Nanalmo; Eastern
Fuel-Co. . • ' "' ¦"--'•¦¦
Nor stmr Jlero," S^vertsen, Ladyemlth; R
Dnnsmuir'a- Sons Co. •
. SAILED. • • — •'
• •', • .' ' * Friday. July 31. *
' Stmr • Asuncion. Bridgett, Ventura and • Re
dohdo ¦ " ¦ •
• Stmr Acme, Lundqulst, Siuslaw River."-. ¦ -
' Stmr Santa Monica, Olsen,- Grays Harbor. : • •
Stmr'Ncyo, Ell«>fsen, Fort Bragg.- . . . . . .'
Btmr Alcazar, Martin. Point Arena.- '
Stmr Gipsy. Leland, Santa Cruz. ¦-." .-;:
Stmr Navarro, Weber, 'Hardy- Creek.- '
Stmr Greenwood. Johnson;. Mendoclno. ¦ :.p
Stmr National City. Johijson, Fort Bragg. •;
Stmr G .C- Lindauer, "Allen, Grays Harbor.-* .
Br fctnir Inverness.^Prpud, Comox.- ; ¦ . " • :
Barge- Sanla ".Paula, Kelly, .yentiira, in- tow
tugRcscue. . • .-,-¦¦¦ • •¦' -¦-,¦-. .'-¦"
fichr Newark, Reinertsen, -Bowens '.Landing. '
•Schr Bessie " K. Merrlam, : San Vicente Land-'.'
Schr Lily,-. Bottger,' U-mpqiia 1 .' :„ ; ¦...••¦'..¦
• ¦"¦ .-. '• spoken. .;.';" ""-. :¦-' ¦¦>¦¦.
.Per Br shlr> Caiiforrila— July 24,"i lat .41.' N;
Ion 149 W, .Br ehip Matterhorn, from Newcas
tle.-" for San ¦ Francisco. - :¦: . • " ;-. • ,- « : .-•
Per stmr Korrigan — July". 24, 60 miles. NE of.
Cape .San Lucas, | schr Andy Mahoney, -, from
Santa .Rosalia," for Astoria: all -well. ' --".
-.; '-.- . • TELEGRAPHIC.,/. .....,--
POINT LOBOS, July '31.: 10 p .m-i- Weather,
hazy; wind SE, velocity. 12 miles -per hour. ¦.,
; DOMESTIC- PORTS. ' •
SAN DIEGO— Arrived -.'July 31— Schr . Alve-.
na. from San Pedro. '».'¦'¦ '¦¦ . -. '.
POKT TOWNSEND— Arrived July . 31— Bktn
Northwest. ' from- San Pedro, for Everett.- ¦."¦-.
Passed in July 31— Br- ship 'Port^Stanley, 1
Leaves" Fifemah's ydrid.
. - Ca-pta-ih .James -A;. .-Bruce.' -yesterday, "severed.
.Ws- connection. .ivi.th' tKe . Fireman's .Fuhd-jrir:
¦ Bura'nce. "Compariy^ "wtth .wh'lcli.. h^ : has been-'as^"
Kociated- as- marine s(ip-ey.or foryma"ny-,y'eaVs.
•The e»Tiplbye?'6^ the Tnarlne;-.departnieiit.'yesieri.'
.day presented -the rertriiyc -BurVreypr ¦with-a-Bilr
•vc'r .tea' set-- accompanied .by-. a-.grpup'Mih'otoV
graphs ".of all • tbe. eriipi<i>yes in ' -Itip -aepa-rtment
.he: has left..;;-; .'--.- .- " v : -.' ; V> j>-= • : ]': r: y'} ¦
Siberia Sighjis: Derelict.
, '.Captain §mlth 6f[ the'-SIberia. -reports" thii.t. oh
¦ junii;5'"6n.'the gre'at .circle. t.rac£..be.t'wee'n"Hoh.r
-oluiif.'and Ydkoha'ma'i - Iri - -iaii-jtude: '30:46 " north. '
'lo"ngitude-?17S-45- "east/ -h<»-. passed-. rldee-'to ¦Wljaf'.
appeared -to be ""a-- . s.ubnie.rged.' •" wreck.:
firoken -spar,"-' RtaridJng". "six..-, feet' : l"abby« -.- : -/he
.water,-. Vas. visible, -but nothing -could- Be 'seen;
which. -w'ould incficato-thcoEigrpalcfiaracieF of
-the' -derelict.".. '.' .".. = ¦'•". • .-.:.¦. '::¦.''..¦ ¦¦"¦¦'¦
Nippon Miru Sails.
¦ . vThe- J*papese i-steapishV : : Nl-ppori\: Mkr.u;'^CapV :
tain -Bent.:.* ailed yfestefday.fcr the\:C)rienf; She
.Carried ;.1SO; tons- pt freight apd- k I fill' itki -of!
passengers.: '. '. Mr* : : Partridge; 7 wif e of '-. the^ Epf s*
.copal -Bishop; ; of: -Tokip,- :is- rqturninV • to- .her
. Japanese hpnae. on ¦: the" .liner; ¦¦ :"'Arhb.h&. the /Jja's- .
scngers were ' .a; numbf r ', of Government emi
pioyesjliound- for the Philipplnes : arid' eijme tnls
tidnaY.icF, ": ¦ .. • ;.-".- . : ; :"v-;> : ;.".-; •.vV ! .-.V"'-:-":' '¦¦• '."/'" ''-;-"X m '.'
-': Among, those; th^t'sailed-'on thevllnerw^re:; 1 ' •
. F.or . Yokohama-r-e. . Abki;: .^.irs". S; C.: Part<
ridee;.-.J.: ehiihoyuh/ E- : K." -Wagner ¦'•'. : ' : -:,'^ ¦':.:•': ¦'
' .For;K6b«^-S'.-C.' Evans Jr/. wife-'and, son." V
- 1 Por Shanghai^-MIss :li.- K." Jones Mrs.- C -J:
JCInsr.- MJ«s U. :¦ PrpritlsB " -'--MJ'ts "¦ :FraJices- A\>st." v:
. Fpr HohirKong-^R:. U'. BlandfhK>C :VC. "Bnuh-"
ner ; J. -H.; Burweli; J. .W:. eheeseborough "Miss:
May .Duncan. Miss.,K. -A. .Egan. v Rev; W :: >:.
FotiK-.abd .wife. .Mrs -"M.'.-XJV 'George;.- Mlss-F.
.HdwcII."- Mlfs.K. Hbwell-. . Mlss'M.- ti. Hughes.'
. George ¦ Kiricaiai'Pef cy Klftcaid;; Williani . Kin-
i.. •S/KJrtlapa; -B." E.; 'Lear - : " Mrs". ;.J,
I>sser."-P. D. Middliekauff: and' wife ' Miss' MV
Middlekau'ff.'.Kobert-Middlekaufr ¦-'¦Gl'. A •'Mci ;
-Dono'usrh. Miss .Fv Mc<5*e; -Archibald Mackilipp ¦
Miss. Edrth- N'e'welt; Mrs. F " Xewell. .Mrs./F-
O'Brien;' .E.' C. -Ostby.- Miss C; XV; Park.V Mrs.
"P; 'G.-.il. barker, .Mr*. G : H..P4ter8on,-G: -K. ¦
Pearson. :'B. -A.-. Pierce.;. Mrs ... t.-- E. '-'Ros».- -'Mri*.-
Ii.' : A.. Seaton; Mrs. C. H. Smiitfr;- Dr/-H.':Ea1-.
inoh. and % wlte, ' t; '•Ji.-, Sfewarti H. Ii: -.Stevens'
in* wife. Mrs. J. C; Vari: JJ.ureri; S; :.P;, W«lk<;r
"and ;'W;-G»_;V>*ynrie/ ;;' ; : ••'•¦-.•:. ~'\ : :C]; ¦'¦;., '":.;':{'¦':.¦':'.
Merchandise .'f or' ;ti»e . Orient.
' .'vThjB .Japanese T steaniei- ; XippptT- Marii ;' '''iailed'
•jresterday. fojf Hqngkoig : yla. : ;Hon.pralu..Md--Yor;
.'kof iania . [with-' a : ._ '.BeneriB.1 ' \caris6'
valued t -- exclusive- .of- treasure, -and
¦di.stribu.t<ia. : ;asvfollow8?:V Chin.a'V. >iOO,-0!3S^
: Jajjan;.'- $54.S50;:--::Mariila;>$S9!!Jl i\ East Indies,:
; ; ! -Kbreav . : $155 : ; feuei,; V $220 ; •' Vlaciiyo8tok,' ;
:.$2W* ! -^-T;he.;:i'ea^hF:ysxp«rt's>'were''"a^.folibw«w"--"' •¦
yytd: ehtna-^75pi;: . : -fcblV . : -.':lJojiiy : 431 -.cs "canned
feoodsi^eo^pHps ifresh :.f ruits; 8S60 iiis r .liam- : a|fd:
¦Jbk'c^n., •iSf! pkgs "gr(^e:rie9-- : and'--p.royisl6'ns,-.J88t
\lbs 'h '¦¦ c*: ; cheese. J10- jb>. "codflsn,- ,4i0 ' Jbs ; S 'c*
tn!!l?tuffs. : 355i> iliis Vbrea'tf; : 27,75- lbs ginseng,:; .50
•gals : -wine, ;-J2,-.cs' -ilci.uora. v 5?10.'-lbs ! "d-rley flsfiv
: " ioQ. ib^s 'suKar-;' 7000.. lt>s pearl'
bafley '.420' lbs/2. cs-lar'dj "600; lbs" .hops: .'-1001;
resin,:' 33'"pkg!t ;drugs'' : ;a'nd'.-*sundti-'!s;. .9^- . bx's
"Bbap;'.''3S'-iogs/hardwpcid',- 15J ;cs--bU, .-19 . pkgs'
carts; jIOS-'cs-" clg9.rettes\ -,3:-'.pkgs bicycles,-.- ''t>£
• -.'vTor; Japan— 2563- "bbls .'flour, 'C75:.lb8 coffee,;
1866 lbs dried fruit. -2iti cs canned gctods, : 37i5
lbs :-'i :cs;.breadi-,t)5i pkss-r.grrJcer.rejS and .pro
visions- AVi lbs- tea.'.-. 72* ibs-.lard^^i'.cg; wine,
2*l.-tbs nuts'; ' 500 lbs ; niillstUffs^" 1.17»--lbs . him
and '^ajcori,.': 432 lbs.- biilt'ter / 'llf»7;';lbs;.chees"e,.- S
•cs-:wnisky, -12 - ; cs'-cnajnpag.ne;- 50'<s;car.tridgepi
2111 piss lead; -.31306 lbs. sheet. . lead;". 32 -pkijs;
•machihery"; .100. flasks, .qulck'silver^ .1 4 pkgs, agri;:
.cuItural.-iniplenierits,'.1086.'lbs; : ;brass,'--220.'. pkg*.
leather 4077" bxs : soap, 3750. 1 gals alcohol. : 9
pkgs -yrugs,-' 29 cs;.;eVccti|-rcar. supplies, '&t; pkg-s;
bicycles 1 % «ind. RUiidries;" ."' . •¦' ' ¦; '¦'•- ' ¦ •' ' :"...:' - '-•• '".' "
L /.'To .'Mafiila-^-iQS. .'cs - canned .; rood*. ¦ 18.-pkgs.
groceries • arid provisions;' -397d- lbs:-br<ad;'-.75;..cs/'
baking. powderv.lO.'Gs soap,- J61csi dr'iKs,:'6 roll*
J^ith'efi'S'cs'. eleetrlcai.. supplies; 2 ;cs; dry -gopds,..
8- bales rubber" packing'.:: :'' - .:¦. ¦'•>• '¦;-: r -' U.--.'^i-.
. .'.To.'East ;iridles.^t-547. cs galmpn.; 4SJ0-. cs- ; as-:
parted. Canned!: goods;- .55& '^alsV wine/,: 720. lbs
lkr6\ : :'O pkgs."-niachinery.' -.60p-' fbs dried;;.frultAl*
cs'-'nieaft:. •¦.••.'"¦ : :. .-:- -•'¦'¦ i'.-.''"'; •"•* " .'/¦¦':¦:- ""- : .'" I ¦''.'¦' - : - ' :
: : ; : T.O:-.Su*zir-;54.--Gs.cJ»Tined .'.fruit: --':- -.- '¦". '•'..¦.¦ :
- :T-d Korea— l.cs-. beltin'K;. - 1" c» .liardjvar*, -..'¦.'
¦ ;^filP rTVIJICH -^I^QUNl^ERiiiD:
AN UNUSUAL GALE COMING
-: : '::''FRb^-A'lJ§T«ALiAr/ ,x; ; ¦'.:"' ? 'V ; '-.
barley. i.G6,5a'5 lbs branv 2S79 bales Hay. "-"14 4
lbs tutter,: : 6'X, lbs : bread, : '45OO- Bttis. wlneV ¦; 61
.ct.l-s'.Gorri,. 15.0CIO- lbs rice. ''3d :ctls .bats.-TO'pkgrs
rctatoe^ and: -onions, "26 pkgs paint's
.1.0.>40: lbs. cor'per, 19 • bills.: steel, >4.32, pci- 58
bajg irpn P -"'-'pkgs: drT ; goods,"; 3 .' pkgs : bicycles;
27-; pkgs ; v <?ruifs. :3; C.S..:. ei;ectrteat : .;-suijp;ri.es,- .14
bdls;"brijorn?, :$(*) cs, cbal oil, : 4 ; pkKi'. aqldv 0
p'kgs agricultural tmRlenients.". !i..:.'-pkKs - machiri
ery, '¦¦:S:' pkgs leather, '5 'b.bls" tar; ' OtVi vlbs.' resfa,
21. pkgspaper; 32 pkEs haJls, 600 btls: lime.v .. :.
THE British ship . Calif orhiaL, 'which
arrived yesterday, 57. days from
; Newcastle, : Australlai';' between
;. June ;'. 19 / and' June • 25, : passed
¦¦¦-. - • ¦• through : a. gale which .^CapTairi
Doty; declares; tp have ; been one^'-of ; the
>vorst he ever encpunterepl.-: .'; The ; C^iliforV
nia is a handsome f purr master,^ and ;being
etanch as 'she '. looks passed ..through ;the
battle almost unscathed." The storm- made
its appearance June. 19 in:latltude?^:isbUth^
longitude; 164> west.;, tTntil Jiihe :?5;' ,when ;
the vessel reached 13 south, .158 'wesC : it
continued with u nabated fury; ' : Sail; \i-$8
reduced: tp lpwer ••-. topsails .and :;the; deilcs
were filled with surging water during /'-the
six days Of the ¦.gale's; life.' ,-¦¦¦ V":V.'x ¦''¦¦¦ '¦¦¦'¦¦
Captain Doty says that, he never :saw'k
rale '^ike it in the ¦ tropics.; ktid '^hat'he;
never heard of : one: Th4re : wis .ripthing
of the Cyclone abPut it. ;it r wW V stratight
gale and: foil Pf vigor from its .first -ap
pearance until its good -by shriek. ¦¦"
The California : mkde ' i smart' passage^
reach ing/herie ahead of /Quite; a fleW; that
started ahead ;of- her.:: i^e,:l)r;pught;;37^.
tons .ofcoaljV which she will cptanjerice
dfechargipg ;tp-4a.y : al th^ >tis^ion: street;
bunicers,, where ;She;docked yesterday aft-;
erhoon.-'; '"¦¦.-.'.-< -,;:• :'., '.::.'. ;-v :.-:-:¦¦:. ; .- i-: : ; : ;' ; : -
EpecUJ/DiEpatch. to The. Call
'. PHOENIX, Ariz". -July Sl.T-Fraiiciseo
Eenterla. [and ' : E:ijio. Hidalgo, , slayers of
Charles £. -G.oddarcl and Frank~Cpx at
Goddard Station.- iifty miles north; '.of
: Phoenix, 'ion. "the '.ni-ght : of February.!,
( 1S03; • .hanged- at Prescott to-day.
ghefiff' Roberts- springing the- trap.' ::.' •
" *. If., there. )ca.h " be; anything gleeful : in the
. ta-klng-. o.t ¦.human'..Hf e ¦' by •. l^gal; methpds
this^e^-ent'.-.might'Wvell'.be described la* pne
of.thTemdst 'ha'ppy. h-a'nginK.'fncidtntathat
ever '" took '¦¦'¦ place -in ; ¦ these p.a'rts>; The
.doubled murder was a most infamous one,
; tritir.ely"'wit.jjcut -provocation, and the as
6s.ssins* unqucEtionably . had .five ; victims
•niaTked - • far ¦ -slaughter . Instead of two.
.The.- murderers, wlip were Mexicans of a
.low. order • ot •¦¦ intelligence, ;were entire
strangers to ''-xheir^victims and eecmlngly
.killed . for the . mere pieaLSure. of killing,
though • ha"d they taken the lives of the
•entire, party: they might, have aaii«drob
. ber>- to,;thflr. cri.mes.. .'..' -•; • ¦¦-•-.. '. ¦¦•¦:¦.¦¦¦'
¦ . ¦Goddard'. w.as;. a; prosperous sheep man
anil- beside, his sheep.; pens and a cPzy lltr
i.le- -cottsige:\ A he- :kept a .small Viore-v.it
was' ; 'k. .station for vprofit to ' liinifceif and
convenience ; to . travelers on the Black
Canyon : .road. ; On the night of February
1 -GoddarOv his wife,; his brother, an in
vaiid' -named Aliltoh' Turnbuliand 'Frank
f'cx-; -.who. ;wa* employed as. a driver by
.Goddard to and from Phoenix, were -seat
¦cd'-a't.-lh.e.-.fupper tabJe just after dark;
when"" ..th*'- '1*0-,: Mexicans . 'cntcre-i ¦ the
hbys^. l Goddard rose frorn his.cha^- and
t dsjied .them . * ; hat they wanted.'. They
f-aid' tliey were hungry and he told them
'they could have something to eat if they.
would wait "till the family; had finished
euppcr.". ;' -.¦-'¦ '.'•;: : -:. •¦¦;¦*¦ -.'.'¦•;";¦:: : .
SHOOT WITHOUT WABNTNG.
Without further, conversation or,;warn
ing 'each-. Mexican .drew a • revolver : and
began firing-.. One. of them shot- Goddard
through the breast and he sank, to the
floor helpless,' being later removed to. an
adjoining f 60m. ." where he .die'«l before,
morning'. ¦ The-', other^- who fired simul
laxieously-and.who .'.-was ..''standing, .'behind
Frank 1 ;Cb.sc,:-. bored : a hole,, through, the
ariveir- s. head... the same bullet p.xtingulshr
ing the lampi oii : the.;table. , All was dark
re 5s. f^om ; jhat .moment and the : others
ih-'the 'Tooin having shifted their positions
¦the;- .many phots 'thai, were subsequently
.firjed-^wcre .all harmless. The Mexicans
thVri; : witjiarew. to the .'outside-: Gcddard's
w.ife : and,, brother bus'ied themselves at
jtin.ee' 4h. caring. ;for the aying man and
•Turnbulj: armed and took up. his
hcaringf • .' :: : withjn . . ; the ". house
knew- .^facy_ ;.had; TlPt" killed Hhe entire' party;
"arur . were^ a'frai^ . to >e-enter..; lest, .they
jnijght/. be Vamb.u?hed:;.- as ..t.hey. : : certilnjy
w;duld : :teve..'been;.;vTuriibull at -the win
dow could -JieaT". ihenj • b.«t cPuld- . not; get
sigh't.-bf ':' them ;amd -Iti a .few^hpurs ¦ they
'withdrcwv". Go's had been/missed 'by. those
who ..'reniairicd.' 'ajlyft but : ttie'v; '"' called -to
him" and be -'did ;.not. answer :and. they fjartgflfr
a f f aid- :to" light .'-a.;, ;iamp. : to • Investigated
; They' _ "assumed ," .•.;th,6hgh\l . '; thajt. ¦' he v had
escaped "and" gone for'vhelp^ ; "till dayirghit
came. and : . his lifeless "Bo'dy' wis- found.
IDENTIFICATION . COMPLETE.
During .the' jrf-ternopiv befprel thfe rhtir
d^r ."the. iwo_ .Me'xi'ca'iis "had ..called at' the
Gbddard.'stoirfe and.:e"r.gaged. fh :cpn.ye'rsa
tioni s w5th\-a* Mexican- employed ;.;by;'GpdV
da.rd.- rXhis;maa- [heard •' .tHe : -snopting';and
rod c at • once jto -the ". nearest .ranch ; ,
the .alarm: though kh.owing.no 1 details, aiid
•assistance - "c^me j shortly after riayllght
the. t n.exj. < '.niornln&.''- It -was noted" t'y those'
in "lhevGoddard-.; house; that (trie .'ot -fhe
-.had .a " Big" pear.. 911 "hlg'face-. and
«hat- l-R-ith ".other .deEC-riptjonis ¦I«lly'"c"stal>7-
Ushed-;tKe fact that-t.he »riieh ". who; .ta.lked
with '.Goddard's ¦ Mexican. .':'cxnp\<?y'& .-were
those .j*'k'o .did' th*.. k'iMtiiif. ¦•. ; -: ¦•' '¦- .' . ; s -
' ' E\eri.\£her4ft In'rthp T-erHtory '.kiept. his
deputies riusy^. ¦lpqkin^.fpr, .the. rhurd^rers
and : 'Sierl"ff /Roberts; :pf " .Yax&piil • County;
si»eht -inuch. thnfe and rrtPney -in" foilqwin^
i:p;.:va'ripus '¦¦ 'clewTB. - - The vtiien." however.
y>fte .'flna : ny...captur<;d near- .; th,e" 'Mcxfcah
lip*; "fcy- Billy/ Blkrikenshlp, .'fc'h.P .f cr tWe'n-!
t j--'fi vc y.e'ar? ¦ h\as; biee'n; ah ; Af izpna .officer^
They •wiere.taken; tp" PrescPtt..' .dchled tfreir
rujilt; "were' ¦tried". a.n6 "'convicted '''-a-ri'd .sen
tenc«d..."to;;; be;', hanged., iovday.; just, sli
months '¦': ?ft*r ...'. .the '; coTritn-'ssipn :.. of ' the
crime:; . Jfio*ugh'. -t.h.|s .is. ;the.: oTily^crlme
prcJyed '.aga-lnst'-'then^ It ;is. believed .that
others' of -'ii- ; ture- : recorded 'in
recent years 'might' prp.p€rJy' be "laid, at
Sheriff Roberts • Springs a
Trap fot Mexican '¦;]
• : \ Murderers;; - ; ; .'¦¦¦. '¦'¦ ¦ .
Slayer3 of Goddard and
Cox Are fiarigedV B
: ..at Phbenix; : ;y
British Sbip;CslifQ
tralia, io This Port, Is fdi||S^l©a^|i^
. of a Phenomenal % Storm- .With , Terrific . Seas
EXPIATE CRIME
UPON GALLOWS
ENCOUNTERS TERRIBLE TROPICAL GALE
ON HER VOYAGE FROM THE ANTIPODES
: -:-'/:'y^..':-;'>:'" ?^ : 7°. :^! R^ V ?- V ¦-*'•=¦*-.' ~' : "''¦'":'-'¦:
,-/¦ : }'/<;'£? : i '.'¦vfroiniyj \ .'. p}i& ¦-.
Lakme"..'..!.' 1 . San-:iPedfb:-.';-.i.l-.^r.. : .-|A'ug. : .; 1
Phoenix'. i. -.-.¦." 'Mehdoci.hb'-.^. Pt .'Arehaf.lAug.- -1-
M.inne'waskaVv ;*few> York- via "San^iegoiAug.'-l.-
Saii.-P.edrp-. .Vi ,San-.Pedro ;>;»#.'."¦..•.... '.'. .[Aug. -1-.
jru'rac'kb;'"; w'. 1 V /Misxicari • Ports- 1 . . *-; ". . ii .-I Aug. • . 2
Arctic.^ :.: -.t . . ; Hiimbbldi '. . .-, :.'. . ; .•; ; : ; Aug.' 2
Chicp: ; . ....... CojjuiHe^River: •...*.¦;:. .i . Aug< • 2
fidithCV; '•"•'.;.. Seattle- 'AV.v'» iy.-.^J.-. Aug:". 2-
Ran'Mateo. . . . '.Tacoma ., -..:.:. . : . .. : i-.Lj '.¦': Aug.-' M'
Alliance. '...n;; PertlandV&r Way: Pbrts^ Aug.* -2
Ceiitralia . ; : ; , .Grays -Harbor •-.::.; ,v.;|Aug. : 2
A.rcatai-;.'i j . ;'. ICbps Bay. & Pt.-.Orfbrd."'Augi' .'2 '¦
Newburg...>.V Grays •.Ha : rbpr.:,. : -..-..:'^Aujc." -2"
Coos'l Bay :v. . ; Newport &• .Way . Ports; | Aug % " a"
Ia.qua.%:.-; ..,..: jHujriboldt; * v.' /. : I,-. ;.'•...-. |Aiig." ; 2'
Corona..'... /..,: : Humboldt'- v.'. -...'¦.. .'-;.-. .'•. lApg.*" 3-
Gi- W.~Elder. . "Portland & : Astoria; . I .ifAug.' a
State of Calv: T SarilDregb; & . Way- Pts. fAug.;,3
Texah.i-V.y.'.':/ ' New •• Y.br.k" : '-. .^viy.-V.. .i .|Aii<.- .-4'
Kainler .';-.. ¦;:;¦." -Seattle .&. •W'h'atcbrn<.;> ; -.<Au"g. : r4
r ureJcav. i . .'. . -Humboldf .;.•...:-. '. ..- .«. .. i lAiig. -.5
Ghe,hatls>»;.: : San 'Pedro.." ..;".i.Vi.V. ."i|Affg.:' 5.
Um&tlliaV.-; ;'¦.-; Puget r'S'eu'nd -Ports./. .-. Aqg. --S
San Jose-. V.".';.. "Ne.w-YbrK-V-ia- Pa ha ma .| Aug..- 5
Coron'adci- V.-. ¦. Safl." : Pp(iro.. £', :» . ; /.yv-. . Aug. '¦¦¦&',
Argo;,;.. r. v. . ;' '.Eel- .nt>:er. Ports ;.i ..".:'. Aug.- - 0
Pftmona '.::.. .Humboldt.;. ;".;.•..¦.,.. ;.--.". V. Aug.i r."
Santa'.Rosa: .'. •San.DieK6.&;Way,PprtS.|Aug.. ft
Kamonn ,-.:. 1 ',; : Sari-- J Pedro .& -Way.- Ports. I Aug'i' '¦ «.
N.brtK Forkii .' :Huiriboldt ' ..'. ;i . •> i'."..."v--l A.u'g.. : '«
Point 'Arena.'.. >.-iPbJhr»Xfcena> ~J . .":•-.-. :-i ,-| Aug."-. -7-
Newbu'rg.. /v,..-' Grays rHarbbr.'^'.i'. .:;'; j Aug..-, 7'
Ma ripoe.a. •.'.,;,« . .>'..'.':- .;;:¦: /. . — ,|Aug. ; 7"
Copjic"".-, .:;.>> '¦'• ;Chlria ;..&'.- Japan. ¦;.-.>;.lV A -[-A.ugl'. '&
JJ.-^'Dollar'./. .-'¦ ••.SeaUle :: &-Tacdina'. . .:.'-. v Aug.' : -8
Columbia. ;". .-. Portland' & "Vlctbria". .i.\ Aug. " 8^
J*raver'in'g. J^:.:. "China. &,lapan.-i .-. ;¦•.•;¦.-, Aug'i-'s-
Queen ,";¦;.;.-.-.;: \Piige.t- Sound 'Por'ts-; .'-:V-. : Aug> TO
Alame'd£iv:.: Lv '.Honolulu .•.-..".*..;. Y.-* I'lAu'g.'.ll
I Sun,-;liPo?i--.and;!ride., .V
"United r'.. States-' •"Coast"' and -Geodetic;-; Survey—
•'.. : " -Ttmes: !'and."."-Hel([ht8" .of'"Hlgh,- and • -Low
¦'- •:-Waters--a't'" F.o'rt_ Point, 'entrance, to-' San'-'
: " "'.Francisco pay. -PubU.&hed". by btflcial.au
: • : :\ thorlty. of", the • Superintendent. '•. "¦ ¦.'..;..'
", NOTE-^TKe iMgh" ' and-. Tow • waters -occur at
"the. -.city- front- iMlssibn-strtft- whaf-O 'about
•2.Vminu:tes "later than, al* Fo"rt«"Poinf; the "high-,
.'tst- tide' is'the" : "g^m«'. at -bp'th "pfaces. •¦ ., \ ¦ ¦','.
-., -:,- ¦' :SATURpA;Y;- AU.GU.ST 1. ¦ •" . ' .
•'Sun' -'rise's • .,'.'-. . :-..,- . :-. .'••' ,..:.'.. „. .'". .-.,-. .'. ,5-:12
Sun sets „. .-. .'.-. » \ ." .'. ". ...- .•*.-.¦.".-.>•. . ." 7 : 10
•Mooti gets ..\ .'.-..• .h ... .;..,. :.:. T .^\ . :'. .0:.00 aVm.
.O ITimel- .'.JTimei: .ITimel . ITime " '"•
K- ¦•It— — J FUf— -H'Ft. .f^--— ( Ft I— r-^.Ft.'
;•!».- IL'WJ ..'.".|H W|'. -.11. W|-. ";|H W
1 0:21 . 1.0 6":B2 "3,-9 tl:44 2.5 '6:19 - 6^6
:H •1:25 "¦ 0.6 S:10 ."4.0 12:49 -2.7 7:13 • 5.5
\& 2:18 • 0.3 9:15 >4il' 1:49 -2.9 8:06 ' 5.5
4 '3:05 0.110:08 '^.B 2:28 • 2.9 8:55 '-, 5.5"
¦5 .3:45— 0.1 10:52 4.6 3:2.8 U.9 9:39 t 5.5
e. 4:20^0.2 11 :.'{0 '.4.? 4:10 2.9 10:20 5.5
7 I 4:55—0.2 12:0T> .4.9 4:40 2.8 10:5« -."5.3
. -.NOTE— In the- above exposition of th* tides'
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive 'tides of the
day. in the order of ; occurrence as to time;-the
.fpurth time column gives, the last tide of the
day, except when there, are but three tides,, as
sometime* occurs. * ' The , heights given am in
addition to .the sounding's of the United, States
Coast Survey Charts, except when 'a minus < — )
sign precedes the heights, and then the number
given Is subtracted from 'the depth given by
the charts. The .' plane ot .reference -is . • the
mean of the lower low waters."- •" -. " ¦ •
•>-•; ; -Time Ball.
Branch Hydrogr.aphic Office/ tf..'-'S. N.', - Mer--,
." chants' " Exchange.% San ' Fraricisco,. '-Cal.J
' July 31, 1903. .;-: • " • ¦ . r . ' • . : ' * : .
The.. tlnie;.'ba"ll on the. Ferry building "waa
dropped exactly at noon to-day, >. e.; -at noon.
of 'the 120th "meridian, or at 8. p. nv Gr«enwlc' 1 i '
time. ;-'..•••¦ -, -¦•, J. <D. BURNETT," "
• " .. ..-.,. Lieutenant, y.. S.-'N.,"' in." Charge'. :,
* .' : . '- ' " " '¦¦ ¦ f— • — •.'.¦•*".'• .' " '.¦".•" ' . '. " : ¦¦•. .
. THE- CALL J CALENDAR.
, . -; - "...Avgfust, 1903.""; .'{' ''¦
.s.. m.-j t.\ w."- ;t,. f.- s. - ' ¦ . ¦ . " -
r-^— —7 -, — ' J — z — ¦— —¦ Moba's Phases
9 :10 . 11 ; 12 13 1.14 15 (ft Last Qr..
¦ 16. ;i7 18, 10 20 21. 22.
JL ii ii ii JL '.g- '1L ?;fK,':
30 31 I /*"¦* *' Ant. 23.
; July i 31.-^aeb*ge
iJiu^hfVeld/ aiged JK years, ;pf IBiihker: ;riiU;
;died ; uh'derVsuspicious circumstancfis :. aid
an : in\^es.tlg.atibn is being rhade.' • : The boy;
went into;: a store to make, a. purchase.. for
/liis^Ttiother^' Af ter.;.^
plaine^ : bl- I&IifnKvdll? and^old.his; mother
lie fiad; eaten' ".sdrhg. candy a^-w:bma.n ; riad
giy eh\hini . arid vthat, %lig tasted ; bitter. -". He
¦gre^vf : -wPrs0-a-qd -after; "a 'conyulsjoh -dledv
•Th&:G!uteh£eld : fam^
Iibuis to,Burikfer • HlH.'.recejfvtiy^ . -• -: .- ¦ .;' -.'^
Ppisibned; Candy; ; a : Child.
'the -Teiriains <if. Almon- Smith," lfte a satloh- oh".
' the." rte'atnshlp JJaykna,- showed ,that%the^ause
of v death. Was : mal.arlal .fever; : 7cornpUcated.; with
¦ja.u/idJce,'''.arid'.-nbt yellow; fever, -a? '.->vas.-""r.e-:.
jpprt^d;-.."-- '• .'¦•••.';.";¦.;.: -; ; •:V. : i-.V'-" :; - ••-,-.¦.' :»'*-iV- •,'•¦'.
from Hairiburj,. for Tacbma; bktn Northwest;;
Xttr; Everett:, ship' Spartan., for- Seattle. . : . • . :
, Arrived JulySl-^Br.stnirilvydene, from Port
GambieV : Br-fchip-.punstaffnagei; from Slogo- •-..-:
; PpitT .IJOS ANGELJES-r-Arrived July .31^
. Stni'r;Cproriad&^ hence -July. 28/ ',-"'" ' . "'•" -' • •"'•¦.
• TATdOSH^Passed but; July ;. 31— Schr .A -M
Baxter,-, from ¦Banard,--fbr'San- iTranclSGO.'- ;j .,'¦
v : Passed in July 31— Stmr^Montara. hence; July :
28, for Seattle.' • .,- '¦'¦¦•. :.-;'.-.: .'¦;•; ¦¦¦'¦' ¦. ¦"¦ :'• ' "'¦':'.:"
... --ABERDEEN-— Saife'dr'Jfuiy. .31-^Schr. Alcalde,
for? Sail .Francisco;, schr 'Bangor,^ for San Fran-
. tiscp.": -'.,••¦•. ; . . "•:- :"'. •.•••'•¦/¦•¦.: ••'¦ '-'-¦¦ '¦¦•¦:¦¦:¦ ¦•¦ v:. •',.;¦¦ :..
V'GBATS -HARBOR— Arrived ..July'. 31-^Stqjr
"Soutifi-Portlandi ' from ¦¦'Sea tt.ie f ...- . • ;.-¦-. •'•'.•¦.;• -' ; - -.-'¦ .'¦:
¦-• .-'Sailed .July -ZX— Stmr'' Aurelija' ' arid; schr;. Bit
calde. -for. Sa.ni,-' Francisco.- "-•-'.= .'¦"• : .; ¦.-.''• .:¦¦ - ¦ ¦ : '.•:¦:
-, ' BALLiATRD^Sa iled July . SO-^SChr , A M Bax-:
ter, : .for: Sail • •Frane.isco: >:-\~- :'¦ :'.^;'v r : r- .'-.:. '.:' : -!' : ¦¦-,
' : -'.SANv.:PEDRQ^Arrived..- : July.. SOrrSchr. ¦King:
Cyrus, :ffem'-.Taeohia. ;•'¦¦.- ¦¦ -"¦ ¦ '¦¦.': ""-."!•...'. ¦'.'¦¦¦-¦'¦. ¦';¦¦.
; .; 'Sailed'-; ;July' 30^Stinr-.Bampa,, fo.r : San Fran^.:
/.clS.cb,V-:> ¦' •¦'¦¦¦''.'• -.;.'•".-(¦. ¦¦?'•'•¦¦;¦:•:¦" ;..-:.\ : '- l '*.--.;"''" : '-v".r\ ; -v'-!-'?,''
¦':•'¦• •¦'AStPRIA^'Sal'lqd July 31^Stnir Robert DoU;
lar.v fbr San P : edro.. \ .".;:./ '-j. i:^;'-':-' '.:¦¦ ¦.-¦¦. : .j : - i "i ; -' ; >
: Arriyed 'July Sl^Br ship. Ard?ncratf, .from..
Jtotterdani;- • -....-. - ; ; ; :.'-'-.' : --.-. ¦:.-.< l i '.-v ; V:-: ' '..-/. .'-'•.¦.
:GOQS; BAY— ;Airive<l. JulySl— Stthr Alliance..
-from: Portland^ - ':•'¦:•'•;,. -. v ..-,-.'.'.: :-.v-.>.- v .:•.-.•":: ; - ¦'.;• ¦--
¦ SEATTLEr^Arriyf d July 31-r^Sthir -. Bertha; :
¦ f rbm ¦ Vaidez:,. Etrrir iHurriboldt; from'; SHayway: .
•July 30^StmrCottaBe. Cilyi; from" Skag-*ay. r :.,,
;:' Sailed" .July ; 3tK-.S.tmr City.; of, Topeka, .• tor.
v Ska(fway.,' ; :.'.'..-¦ ;"•:. :'¦'¦"¦¦¦ :v.'.-. : -.-;--fV"'-" .:*.-. ..'^;- : -. : /=.--'
.-.-. PORT . ¦(JAMEtiE^F.vil.cd:'-' Juljr^Sl^BrJ-stmr ;';
; ivydene,- for Shanighaf.' --? : .. '; -. •-".::¦¦•-.'.¦'..
: SANTA BARBAKA--Sailed; July 31— Stmr.
State- of. Callfornja; .for San :pieKQ.V.'. '.¦;-•¦:'..; - -.
V , Arrived -.July '31^U. S; 5tmr Wyoming, from •
. San --Feilr*.--- -.?¦". "'>'¦¦ :- : ...: ¦i\'':'i~ ¦'-.'•..-.' '-¦ ¦:" '.";. :-J : > Vr~V
/¦ SOUTH 'BEND-TSaHed. July 31— Schr : North
•Benci.'! fbr-.'San Fraijcisc6'.< ¦:'¦:}'¦;• \ ';. ¦'^¦•'. •;¦/: -.."".'¦-' .-: .::
' :--:E-UREKA?-r Arrived! -July; ; -3.1— 'Stmi's: .Iaqua,".
'Redohda • a.nd- Arctic.- ::hence : -July . 29. V >r ¦"¦¦ - . -; ' . -
Arrived:: Jury.Sl—Stmr'iCortfnai- hence Jly 3Q..
V SAN' PEDROr-^Arrlyed; J^uly Sl^Stnir '• .Grace '
Dollar., frotn. Grays: Harbprr stmr:.. Aberdeen,.
'fpom-'Seattlev? :-.';¦: I :':¦"¦'.-'¦': ¦:->.' : ':: ; y'-\-~-'''l'J-'-'^::\-
¦'.¦"-••S'ailed -.July .31^-Schr Mabel; G_ray^ : for ,.-Eu.- -
- . UMPCjUA-^Saiied:. Joly , SO-rSchr 'LbuiseV .f or ,
•Sari PeiJr'3.; •;•;'• ;, : v '/--':'.-: ¦¦:¦.¦"¦¦¦¦.' '¦.'."'. '- -' -'":'-. : '-l-"V.'.!
i-v. t ACOaiA^-Arriyed . July 31— ScKr ¦Philippine,
itmi^%ki&PJMrafj ; .\>kirt±R6)xri -i?udd?h, r ;.from
•P-brt '.IJob; Angeles';.;- ..-.'.:- '¦'¦'¦. ''..••:?:- i .iiT''"-'.: ¦
>. Arrtyeds July:..31-f:Sfmf. Mackinaw, hence .26. .;
.Sailed:: July .3.1— :Br *hIp : S6uthesk;' for :.Afrlca.>:
;?.-.PORT-^l^WW^A^v<|d^jly-ai-i^hf-iMEi*:
nlla*' frbm-Winsib'vv:; ' •;. " •".-' ': .'¦ - -.- c-r 1 ';. 1 -' • "• '- ¦>"
. .EVEftETT— Arrived' July>31^Stmr.:TJrnatllIa,..
¦ from .'Seattlcj ;-. an.*. saHed" for; Victoria-arid . San
• Francisco'.; .•¦.•.•"-•¦.>.¦."•• .'." '..•-•. ¦' .* ',y '.'•:'. .• " ¦..''•¦".••.¦¦:¦•;•* >'./.'
¦;:•¦.: : ;<•;.;• j r "----vXsi|ANiJ- ppw;; : ¦_ -.¦-..- -y^:. ¦¦'¦-..
; . : H6S'.piiULtJ— Arrived' July Hi—^Stmri'AiameT:
'd'av hence- : - July- -25V-Br 'stmr.Coptic,"frpm..Yo
"koharaa. .-.'--¦•."-"-; v.- ¦;¦:. '¦"'.'."/ : -. '•• >¦'¦''.¦•'{ '.,¦¦'¦ v '.•.¦'•> ;
Hi-'? ?.;'¦'.£:;: > ".^ASTERN -PORTS.' ¦-...•... .:,;,
¦:'¦ >NEW V lYORK— -Afrived ..Ja|.y -3l— Stmr. Ha.-':
wallarir v from '.:pKllad*lphfa.; .•¦-•¦': .' ;-: : ' '¦¦ : ;.:¦•-.
• •, ' '-¦pr'ET^A'.y-A'RE !- :-'«REAkWA-TER-^-PaiJiied'-;piit-
Juiy .¦jO^Bark.^-illscott.'.fpr Sari piegoV:. .'"¦. : v . '-.<
" " FOREIGN PORTS.' " _
: : COLON— Sailed : v Jiily . 28-^-S.tmf ' .Eeguranca^
fQr^New: York. . : >" -•;. ; ";:\; s Ky ¦;¦:¦¦' ' :¦ .'. ' . ¦.-.:' '- ";•:, ; .: : ".
'V Arrived' Juiy,i28— Stmr.' Saratoga,.- .from -New.
Ybf k, ; . and reports . struck ai' cyclpne. In lat. : 32' 20'
N,-.:lon'.' : .7+.-!vyV: and'Tv'a*, hov* to frQ'm :i0' a' m'.
'tb'.SvP /jh-.V-. : -:-: .'"'; . < , ¦ '¦-:'• .}'¦ . ..„:- •¦'..¦"••.¦¦; .•.:..'•
,v ; SyV-AN§EA-4Srfile.d July 'Sl^Fr-. -bark "Jean
-Bart,--for-San.'Francisco; .-•'.. ,'..•¦¦¦'.¦¦-:• v; : ".
'-¦• 'SY'DNEY^Salled: " July 31— Br- ship,
.¦libthian* ¦: for. ,'^IcWcasjtleV .Aus, : ;arid.-:San; .Fran- : ¦
vclsco^' ~S: ¦¦'¦¦/' v-V. •.-."."-.'.•. ¦ ¦'•'••' -;- : ' ' : <' :: -':. '¦¦':¦:': 'm'.'.^
¦ -r-^-:-. ••V.>" : QCEAN-STEAMERS:-::"- ; : '.. ¦?>•-;
; ¦'¦¦ -NEW . T[QRk— Arrived - JiUy. 31— Stmr Car{ja-.
"tbia-,.' from.'ttver-pool 'airad- Queenstow.n:--; •".-.'.-¦.:.¦
¦ '•¦¦¦ Salle'd . July, St-^S.tmr. Cymric^-- <or. Live.cpool:
- ijuly,3.1t-»tnir;gaiji-
-brla.'.f.rooi'New.y<>rk:v .'¦'•¦-•-• : - '¦'¦.?-:.w ¦'¦ .-¦ - :¦
V; GEN.QAT^Ar..rlvfd\'JuIy;.-:31 — Stmr-Hohenzplr-;
Ierh.'frpm New<Y-brk., : - ; ' l '' : '--\C :"¦'.".'• )'¦¦.' •-.;
.:-CNAPIjE-S-^Arr,lved'.'July,-:31'i-Stmr.-L;igtirla;
fro T m-'-Ne'w.Tfl.rk.':- £ . '¦.:¦> • r"= : - ;.•'¦ ; -»: -¦..,•••',¦•.••¦•
,'" . Qy.EENST.OWN;^: Arrived - .July;' -" j(L— Stfljr '
'CaniRania,: froiii/NewiYor.k.-.fQ'r.'Iiive'rpbol^'ancj'..
prp.c>ede'd;.:s'tmn i -UJ.torila,'from 'Boston, for -Llv.-'
>riJo6'l, 'and"-proceVded.••"•:'.. ; - * '0 ;•¦?•' '••¦•': : '-¦-"•-I >'••
.-NANtU.CKET^ I < IGH-TSHI-P,-.".July^3l— Stnir.
¦Lucapia...-fr.orii- ! Liverpool, and '.Que'enstpwn,- ' for '
-.New- Y"ork: .'off :lfrr»>'".af.-4:30'.p- m." ••,'.', '•¦-;'-.¦' : -'. ; '
\ >bIVE".RPQ0Ii^-Sailed "July .lO^Stmr ' Cedrlci'.
&'r^]^flw/«Y^lr^-vl^Q»ftehjltp^n,/;H;i;v,;.--;i - '.'. s " "'•'. A
¦Moyeineriti of .Steamers^
genefa : l.'-coUn;se.i;,-a.nd' "Secretary, whlcuttj
'p'f.-.the :-United ' Railrbad^yCbmp.ahypt'Sa-nj
•FranGiscp r "appeared-^befbre' 'the V'-'sia'te]
;;.Board -' ot ( )ifauallzaii6ni this Tntir^irig-'. andLJ
.explained .Vo;'thV -bokrd • -vaf ib'us; mattef^
relative' ' jp- the r.'compfihy's,. re tur'fif",' tp- thb •
bbard^:. Ford Said; the- company: waa>qap.
itailiEedjfbr $«,()6o^;.pri;^)d^'shares,aW
• had/ji ; ; bpnde;d; : indebtedneas." b:f j.Jia.OOO.-OQO-
bearing '4; per cent 1 per anrium.C'H"6 -said the^
VEharesof istock.^
the^were "ownecl ;by- the United -Rat tl^ays "
: lnvestmeht= : Qbr^pany, ¦ ja- crea;ture/ Pf " the
principai .cprnpany>:^"Thto" iiiveitment'cpm-:
Rany .:has'.:$25ippO,000 ¦worth -df ¦ Btpck; ' $lp,-;.
WO.OOti. -: preferred -. stpek •being; qubteii" it
>'til: 'and )510jO0O,00Ov cpmrnpn '. stpek; ..bein'g,
iquptep;'. ai.-$15i.-'^.::^;. "¦:':'. | '"; :-;-:.:--\ : - : - -.;--.^;v- '.-
'.' vAccpydjiisr-.tb thev retvirri;!' of ', the:"¦jj.nited.
'Railro'ads..Conlpany..-it : pperateB 253.43 mlle^
of .'•iracki-225i38'ln ; iSariiXFranclsco j <Sbutity
and ,28.05 ¦;^U ! eS;'in\S^Matep^Cofifl : ty:-\T-h'e ;
yalu^.Jbf •¦'.'the.': rpa'dwray,;'- roadbed "and -raits
is /given ;at|7i)8>8^p/. Th|e};tPtat gros^ ln- ;
come i rpm bperatiQn rwas. $i-^34,7io 83. :? The
net Income Was '$412i537 45.1' ; A : - dividend of
1.2 "pef- cent . pr. $24O;(5pO^. pii .pref erred, s£ocfc\
fTvas declared ; during' the; nlrie nib'n'.ths'. the
present bwriersv -have ¦'•• had' cpntrol ~'qt • Uhe ,
company^' leaving -a^ balance v.6 : f" v .'$i72,o37 : .4i ;
.¦•Actprdiing:,'.:tp; lhe^ei^rt.iiWhl5h/wa»J^pr
the. period !. ending •¦/qii 1 '.'. the : - : ;.-flrst.Monda!y'-Vlri
and" the expenses J4,036,517 20. The' i pilbw-;
Ing •¦:. assessment •; was ihe: "San;;
'Francisco •• Assessor:-',-- Perspnal. rprppertyi
$4,666i8O4;^ real /estate,; \J74fcl30; -.;• improye^
m'ehts, $966;65Q. v The .real/estate,' right of
way 'and; raliripad ;irivSari Mateo '-. Gpujity:
not telng in- operation at , that^time it was
hot assessed. \ • • \ ..
An : ppihlpn.: f rom ; the; Attorney General
was; read,; Jn .vrhlch' lie held that the.VState-
Board of • .Equalizatibn ' : had the "right . tp
assess ithe; -.^ini'ted Rallrpads, .althbugh its;
:iirie.S;Avere ; pperated: In' -inore' • than .vpne
cburity;' ;..;-.-. ;¦';.;;. ¦. •"¦•¦¦:''•."•.''•.•¦¦. : -. : .-.:-:.'-./i'-- - - ¦
; : Mayor -Warren plhey "of Oakiand : ad r ;
dressed-ith|e v State : Board -ot Equ^llzatlbn
this -afternoon: In s"upp.ort : bf; his. conteri-r
tlohjthat "the: tracks >f -the
clfic epmpany; in Oakiand^uppn'; ; which
-thfe. : - Seyen th-str fee t, - Berkeley '. and :',^STebf
'¦ster-s.tre.et-'.'"^^!.^^!^^^?^^'-'^^^^!^'/
shpuld; be assessed : by . the local Assessors
and riot: 'by the. State Boardv bit Equalize-"
ilpn.: ;'>l.kybr'.:V-Ql-neV : .:^iclii^e.d.! ; ;th"at: : 'Jhe
tracks: are not uhder ; ; the ';JurlsdlcUori ;OX
¦th^ ¦ State : bpard.' ¦Th)at \bbard; and'^he lo
cal assessp>^: ifo
"p'roperty-i: *ut%jthe; Vrailrpad^ cb^pariy- -ai^
ways paid: the assessment: to the- State
aiid-not ;to thercityipr'CPunty,' ;/ ;v. :--->;X '- :
- ./ThevSate bpajd ; vcialms the;; right' tb:. as^
sess ;th^ itracks;/ the i pplhlbn be "any. bne
eise^tp .thev contrary. ; hotw-lthstandirig;:: •
' '.. PACliriC •' "G-F^O-VE. »; Juiy.;"3ii^rThe.;-finai:
-. ses sioii : pt ;. .the ; . a nnxi aJ; ,cbn;«jr eiss! :6.f/ ref p'rm. ;
..bt&dr by ; t.he" Cplif prnia;; \yoinen.:s ,
.e'hde.'^.^as" ¦takeTV'up; : It yiss- opened witH j
Vn "address; Vv^atur.e'a^Wa^y^y^rs.-.'Aj'.
promo.li0n y oi pxit ity}'t or- t'^%i^.; C.:. rT"..'^
-The 1 dpeaicer. declared, that" pure- iairV purfs
ifp'oiei and ¦piire"' water .were : the r jmato/,«s*
¦;5c'n-tlaU'-;t"6' •¦cieari 5 -' living: "^«cdet:lara tiqri.
t hat; animal; f Op,d. Is Impure and unflf fpr
humanAconsuinptlori preclpffated a spirit-;
.ed:dlsqussion.^-A :i " ; ; ?v-:-V- •'?:-.-¦. J-"- '"< -V' : ¦"¦'¦:'¦'¦¦'¦:: ¦
- 1: *rrHe" : -Pro tiection pt •} the' - Weak, : the Ser I
c.urity' of- :the--. Strong ; ln : CR.aie ; IJeyelopy |
me^t'*;was dealt /wi^by^pr,; Antrim:. Ed-.-..
gar -.- O'sborhe,v^..':wnb v 'strongiy ', sc'pr6d ; ; ; -the:
condltlpnsr produced vbyv; political ¦ cpiit'rbl
jo/ivpubli6.;lnstitutlpn3 Yand;\ jaeclarea'^ ihaV :
the \attftu_d.e / -'bt; jtlie;. Sjtate ; /.toward. them, is
:prpductiye:'pf : aij apjjarentK Increase In.
crime' and '.' : -l'ncqirrpet«npyl.\ -He Jtook /Issue
¦:*rith-;Vthie (I^esldtlnt^Roos^
.-veit- ori the/ ;QuestiPn;"bf ; ; racer. sulclde : '.iind .
declared _ that^ the /demand pf the.tinics,
Is: ngt .for mQr,e.,vbut;fpr ..better .meix; anci
iN-oixieii.'.''.-¦¦ "j ¦"¦:. -'v r-.'A-^':-""-::':/-:^""^^-^'--^" '¦¦¦
of thfe /Jfjttlbrial Ypurig .Men'sPrphihitio.n'
:^ii|^^^poke^;on-/| t i^6hibitlfl^i^«^i^B5
clarlpK ;¦ that . mftral siiaslon ' and llpensa
la ws . have^ .failed id control .the licpibr evil
and that ; prohibition- is the, only -.effjective
femed;: for.r.Iti-V-.-:^--; .:-¦' -•''. "x-- : .. J '.."•¦.'.¦;":: : ' : ."•, .
f .The.'Siessioh'flosed with a debate on the
th^j world Vplvlllz'atlbn is due more- to the
pbwer 1 • pf . love than to f orcev" ¦" The. a£
iftrrriative -was r.taken'.!by JIlss S. M-fSeVr
¦erance ; ahd ; Mrsrv/A. '¦¦¦"<:¦,. Sairibrldgei ; and
the*' negative" by: Mrs: Mary. . Case : Lord
andMr?./fe, B^ The decision
in^fayor ;ot; the liegative.' ¦ ;. _. ¦ ... :"¦'•.' ¦;; .¦•¦-"; 1 '¦¦'
¦¦• People
Times Axe -. Depiateid ¦ ' to i)e
• : inind Better anb! Not More ..
Iiicome a,nd\ Exjierises -of-the
: Ji :&&& Pranciscd^ Iitnes :.» '
m^* ¦?'¦'::•/. ¦'. Are Shown; ' : :^---'^:\
. U .-ciflc Gfrove ; •>¦ :.;
Unifed Railways 'Hear-:
;: |ng; Before Board xtf:^
/V- ¦ /Equalization. • •:' :W:'
COUNSEL FORD
GIVES FIGURES
SPEAKERS PLEAD
FOR TEMPERANCE
THE &AN FRANCISCO CALL, 8ATUBDAT, AUGUST 1, 1903.
12
BAILWAY TBAVEL.
Limited...
to CHICAGO
->.;;:> : ':'.::¦¦-,', •: . .-•: . ." ;. ; • '.y. -¦ ¦: ¦' [ o); y- 1 y><i"^V.
'¦{§. ¦% -I SANTA *>£ : jTEAINS^; j :,' g |
>">.- :,.''fce>y'e';.Marke*t-«treyt.;Feriy" Depot.- "¦•" ¦
'•:.¦ ••¦.•••;^- > "--X-\'';i'i^ajl-iAnS4;'tfti»isii l.ov*rrd
: j - .; -/ *; ; • vj .-•.:•} r>any',' I 'P>Mr.: ]'. 1 ; pally - -
; Lv : Sah" Fjan\ J " ; 3O' * 9^3|> a .4:00 p ¦ »:0OV
At? Stockton.'. .'lio:4»'a 10:.0t p "7":H> p 11:15 p^
•• ilerced ,"..\"; "li.O5 p .,1:55, e '..;..•.;.;;. l-M *;
.V-Fresrio;.:..-. 1 .; ,2:4O.p ,3;2Op .. :^.,.. 3:15. a,
"¦'•VHantord-,...: 4:«8-.p:.4.:07- p.,"...:.., 7:50 a,
¦; : ••¦ V4salia v .'V..." *-.55,p " 4^.43 R ....;.. .,5:00' a
"."•Bakers.fleltL . .7;.15.:p . 0:00 'p ...-.."-.... .7:35 a.
¦ :v:.-Kansas"City:..r... 2:35 a /t .:... 7^00 a:
•"•; .cfajcago ." -.;-... ; : .:.:.-¦ : 2-^.y p ¦;. yVyJ S:ij. p
"'Vfor morninK,*. vi for.kfternodni'-" .¦"•.•'•.- -:- :
: -' 7*30 a', m.. Caily Is ".Bakersfleld- -Local,- stopr-
ping'af all-points •in.San.Joaquin-.Valley.'-i.Cor- -•
responding train arriyes:.at.S:55.a. na: daily.;.:
- 9 -30 ." -a'. ' m.--" Slonday" and" Thursday is. ths.
.CAI«irOBNrA"IirMITED, carrylngr Twi-
ace' Sleeping 1 .' Car*. -.and Dining . Cars-
through 'to .Chicago." Chair car runs to BaKers-
fl'eld for" accommodation p'f lccal.'flrst-classpas-'
¦ seriget's: '.jia'.second-class". tickets are. .honored
on' this-. train--" ; Corrfespond-inp train : arrives 'a't
"il':10" t>: mv Tuesday and Friday.*- -••:'.": : ""!. ¦-."-•.
V p:30a.-m; : -Paily,*VaU"e"y-- limited, '.Cornposlte
•Car" and -Reclining Chair -Car .between-" Bakers--
field ¦' and' San Frandispo. ..-Corresponding train*
'arrives at It: 10 -p.". m. daily. 1 :•* •"..-• : .'-. .¦•¦¦•' ;.-•'•:
-.¦ 4:00.-p'.-'niJ Is Stockton' Local: ••Corresponding'
train- nrrlves.-at .1.1:10 *."'m.. '.dally. ; ¦.".- -.. •'.- .-. :
. ' • •S.:0O.''.p. :'riC Daily; is the'", Overland -'Expresii.-
' with'-.thtbu'gji • Palace-- and--T.ourisf .Sleepers -and.
: Free • Btellnfh'aV Chair • Cars • to- Chicago? -also.
¦TPalace' Sleeper;' wnlch'.cu'ts.-pu't at- fresno.: Cor- i
.r'espdndiipg jtrafh. arrives- at."6.:25.. p.- m'. : -dally.' "•¦
•" I^ersonally'cbndu'ct'ed parties for. Kansas City.
.Chicago' and -East. -leave -Sari -Francisco '-every "
-Mohaay,-. Thursday 'arid'.Saturda'y ;*t 8"--p..'-m.'.-'-
;.'. Offlce»4-641''MarkeV street "and la-'Ferry. -pe 7 .'
-.'pbty'i San Francisco; ,'tj 12 r Brbaay$y'. : O'akland.
CALIFORNIA M CO-
: : : '•. • .- - : . "., r iiHSSSHJEJ-. •••¦••>. ¦'¦'¦.
¦:.m FRANCISCO ANDNQRTtf PACIFIC ~;
:.;•• BAILWAT COMPAKT. •- - .
.-.:• Tlbnr'on , .Terry, ; Tp6t. -of Market St.- •-,
..SAN" rRANCISCO TO -SAK.'.IlAPAEIi.
WEEK* DATS — 7-:30. "8i0d ."9 :C0. -11 :0O. : a. m. :.
.r. 12-135, . 2->30. -3 :40. . 5.-.1P.'- ?:50.' 6:30 and- 11 :.3O'
•"^p. m. '\- • • ¦'."'': ¦ ¦ ' ' -.-' '. ¦.."¦.-•,•;••"-.-.
V SalurdaysT-Extra:. tripr. at" 1 :30 p.- it?-. I ¦¦ ] .:
.SUNDAYS-*^ :30 8:Q0- 9:301V-O0f.a,"m.-; lr3<J. "
-• 2:3.0; 3:'40j 5:10* 6:30,il.:30p. m.". •"..• •* -. ..- >;
.S'AN'.-B'AFA'Eli -TO.'SAZr- FBAWqiSCO.;
\VEEKDATS-^6:05. -e::6i(>. : .f:S5..- ,7;W>; .'9:20;'
- 11:45 .a... in:';. 12:50. t2:<50.-. 3:4.0; .".5:00..
. ¦ 6;:25".p.*ni. •""• -- •>".•• ¦ •": -"-..« : .'- : - .- ' •'¦.."
•" " SaturqaysT^Extra'.trlp at- 1:45 p; -.trf. .-...-
•SUNDAYSr^6>50. 7.:35-. 9:20. 11-15 a. m;; X'iK
- ".3:40., 4:50 '5:00. C.":20.. 6ao;- 6:25,^ m: . - »
.•":•. 'tEx.cept' Saturdays..'..- . " '_ "»' -.•'-.'•» *-V ¦*. .
'""•".Leave ",L '.-.. Iti Effect..- .1' " .Arrive ... "
gan'Francisc'o,(. • May 3;..1903.y IS'an Francisco;
• Wetk I Suri-"-| '•• .Desjlna- -. | Sun'- - I .Week.
-Days. I days. .1*. " .tlon. • I. days'. jj)ays.
.' .•"" . 7:30a' " '• 7:45a 7:45a.
7:30 a S:dOa * "• •• ' 8:£0 a S:4O a
' 8. :00 a 9:30 a " " 'Ignacio." • 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 2:30 p ' *_• • ' .- • 6:00 p «:20 p
B:10p 5:10 p V . " •> 6:20 p p
, .\ . ¦ ' *J .'.?*"• ' ?:25P '
..7!30"a 7:30a ••'-. ' •' ¦' • J 7:45a 7:45a
"8:00 a 8:00 a Novato/ • 10.: 20 a 10:20 a.
2":30 p 9:30 a ' -'Pfetaluma .. 6:20 p 6:20 p
- 6:).O p -2:30 p . • and • 7:25 p 7:25.p
¦••' 5:10 p- Saiila Rosa..." .. ,
" 7:30 a 7:30 a ... ¦ T- '. . .' 10:20 a' 10:20 a
8:00a 8:00a .••Fulton.- . 7:25«p 6:20p*
.2:^ap. -2j30p " ; 7:25 p
"*..'• • Windsor. • "
7:30 a. 7:30 a ". Healds.burg. ' • 10:20 a 10:20 a
• - . •• Lytton. ' .. * "t
2:30 "p 2:30 p .• Geyserville. • 7:25 p 7:25 p"
. ¦>'_. • • • . 4 - . Cloverdale. „ ' ', ...
7:30a| 7rr,0a|- " Hopland . 110:20 a|10:2O a
> 2:30 p| 2:30 p| and Uklah. | 7:25p|^7:25n
/T:30_a|-7:30 at. -.Wlllitf.'. *\ 7:25 pfl^Tp*
C&-.QO al~8:0pal Camp Vacation. 110:20 a|10:20 a
, 2 :30p) 2:30 p> Guemevllle. [.7:25 pf 6:20 p
"8700 al 8 :00 al . -Sonoma. ' . |-8:40al 8:40 a
.•thlOpr &:!.<> PI. .^31en Ellen. |6:00p| 6:20 p
r 7:30-a| 7:30 al . •".-. .-•¦¦'¦ -jlo72o7|loT2o'a
a:30-p|. 2:3f>p| • Stbastoppl. I 7:25 p| .6:20 p
STx\GES- connect; at Green 'Brae lor San
Quentin. at-. Santa 'Rosa' for White -Sulphur
'Springs; ~". -at-. Fultom for- Altrurta and 'Mark
W.e"st "Sprinss; at Lytton for Lytton Springs-;*
at Geyser*ill*for.Skag«j« Springs"; at Clover-
dale /or th«t Geyser*; Boonevllle and Green-
wood; at-Hdpland -for Duncan Springs. .High-
land - Springs. Kelaeyvtlle, Carlsbad . Springs.
Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartletf Springs: at
Uklah - for Vichy Springs. Saratoga Sprlncs.
Blue Lakes. I-*urel Dell Lake. Witter Springs.
Upper Lake, Porno. . Potter .Valley, John Day's.
Riverside.'- Lierly's. • , Bu"cknell's. Sanhedrtn |
Heights,- HuHville. . Orr'a Hot* Springs. Half-
way House. Comptche,. Camp Stevens. » Hop-
kin*/ Mendoclno JClty. Fort Bragg, . Westport.
Uaal; at Wiillts for Fort Bragg. Westport.
Sherwood, : Cahto.' Covelo, Laytonville, ¦ Cum-
mlngs. Bell's Springs.. Harris. Olsen's. Dyer.
Garberville ' Pepperwood. . Scotia and Eureka. '
. '.Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets 'at re-'
duced rates. ' ' v - ¦ .- - ¦ ; -•
- ¦¦ ; On. Sunday — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San , Rafael at half-rates.
- Ticket-office. 650 ' Market street. ' Chronicle
biilldlnr. • - ' - , - l ¦
-H. C. WHITINO, : R. X. RTAN.
; . Gen. Manarer. . ;; . . Gen. ; Pas. A«t.
SOUTrtERN. PACIFIC
.- '-Trsina le»»e.*»«V> «•«"•» Hu« to Hrrl re »r.
'' \. - ( Main Llne..>o--»C ot Market Street > ¦ ¦ ¦
]^7^7 r ~— '.y**'^ AcenrsT LliiQa. — * • *m«iTt
~7 00a :Denlct». sJulsun. Ei.tilrt »od S»cr»-N .
700iV»c«T!llc,.Wlnter». ptnnsey... ...: .7-25*
7J0* ."ji.SjcaH.uvi ,S«nt» lie ; 825P
. 7.SpA;-Ifile9. tive'tniore..;L«throp.. Stock-' j,'^
UnO*- DaTls.Wooili'nd."KnlrttsLinUiB«4 '•
B.DUA u»»«. ororllle. (connects • •
•'"•'.¦ " tt* M»rr»»ille .lor Gridley. Biggs y^
idd* AtT»KSr«^b:,iden;^i:-10:25i
8 00* Fort C.^ta,,Mart!nei. Antipch. By- .• .
--.• • rronTrKy'Sux-ktou.Sacrsraento. -
" •• : to»'n»nos. Men.lot*. H»nfnr<l. .* • "
.- • ' ' ¦ Vli»n». rorterxilie . . - . ... • ¦ • • -••••!» «-?5»
• » " Ooohen Junction, llanford. VI- '. •
" •• " M |i« ;Balcer»field .:¦¦ -'¦ .S-Z5F
"'¦' kin* Eh»«t» Kxpre»» — P»Tl«...Willi»mt . ...
' 8 *°*- S (forV-rtletf Sprincs). Willowy " -
. •"•¦".tr'riitii-neiiBliiff.Pvttoii.l........ 7.65l»
» SOa "Mies " S«a .Io»e,:LlTermore. Stock- ¦; . ..;
'•••••.• M.»ii,vflle. Chlcp Ued \^-'-
'".'8.30a OaW.^e. Cnlnese..Jvne«town. Sp- • '
s . - .. nors.Tnolrnnne.snd Ansel* -•«•.<«'
= S^bOA .M.rHnez and Way 8 tmtlon...:. :...,. l|||?
I "•'¦• .--¦¦:; - .Tricy.- .-L»throK ;.
L-.:v ford, VlwiM, ***"•****; j£* *. "
h- .' ? "Anseles.iind ElTisd. T»tV . • .•
1-10 0&a -The- OVerl^od-'- Limited— Ogden. ¦ ¦ <:
!-' .12.00* H.y W.rrf.. Mie. /P*™* *»^ M ; iif 00»
1 11.C0r Sucmnrreaio UKer Ste»ra^rll¦.........r;Tl.l..0UF.
I S-SOr -Benton: -rt-lnter*. •.Ssprsmento,
I, , ' ¦• ¦ . '¦¦¦¦ wdodla'tKi.* W!llli»flB».X»losA."VVIl-.- V . .- ..
_-: ¦'.' " lows, .lCnlsat*.'L»ndtngf.«M»ry»--.- -.
. . - : - - ..'T"me ? Orj->vl]lr.«nrt w»jr.jitatlen».. ;}0 : 55*
-. 3.30*'"n«jw«ra.Slfes«BdW»rSt«tWn«.. -..'/. 55?
vl 4-OQr il»rtrai«z.S»iiU*inon.VmJlcJo.>sp»; .; ¦ • -
-*.00r .M««lprt.aTiqy..L»throp.Stbcltwn.. 1.J-||* .
' 4CCJ! NMles. "Lite rra.ore. Stooktonr. Lod.1-.^.: .***f.-
' ;1 '. JoiV.tiyerniore-ii.-... ..:... .-...(»» »"-5p4
- 5 COr- the Owl-LlmKed^rreiino^Tolare..:. .-; - ;,-
_ - - .-,'-.- B«tier«ftel(l. J.o»- Angele*;" .con- ¦¦¦. .';'• .-,
:.-• ¦'¦;¦ ¦¦•' • 'n>cU »J S»uiru».lpr 6»nt»»«r-; ••¦>•.
¦ ¦!";;¦."-.••-¦ -.'-r-iijiri:. ;-.-:. ¦:;;;.', i -.'. i 0: : -""- ;»^..£->."., f «-W4 -.
¦ 6C0r . Port . Co>t*. % T r»cy« Stoekton.' Los .' ¦¦ : :
:¦ .;¦ ¦ - .=¦.• :.B»no»A.;-. ; .".|;/..>/..-.-....'.;>.v.iA";«2-t5'-.;
. 15 30?: H»y wart.. >Jlle«-«ndSiin Jose:.— J.*3 M -
fr-COi"' Ilsrwwd"; N'l!*s.»iid SAn-Jpse........ T0Z34
¦•'¦-¦ S.OOi-'OrietitiiiiMivll— Oi:*en.. Denver. ¦¦.¦*¦¦ .'
•'•:. ': •' . -vmi*!!*.'. St. LoiUN'Qbi.cs'sto and; \ ; -
]¦'-. :. •; ¦¦•'• '¦ : •.-..¦>:«.»«;. -.(CsTrtesfullmsu CrJ pa*- . :.. -., "."•:
>.''; : •¦ .'.:¦•¦. ¦ wn'seri.-ciiiy '9ut :^f..-8»n"J l "r»rr- -.. ; ..--•¦
• : •¦• ¦ -j;l»ctf^-- "-Tourist- x%r ntid -coaelt- ¦¦'..,' ••
. •": ¦; :¦ ¦- ..;¦' '.j»M*cBE«rs.t«ke.7.«»'.r. *v..tr»ln . •-.-.;'.•; .
¦ ..-.-¦••: -¦¦.• 'to. :K«no;.:coDti-njiln» .the.Bce. in.- -•¦" ;
: • ¦' • -¦'.'•-. ¦ their:c«r»s>.ai.ir»ln eiii«twar*,^. ,4Z5»
-.;•"..".-•¦. ¦• WVstUiUbd/;" tinaset-- tlmited:. — ',;",- .' .
: .-•-': : -Jroin Sew rork; CWcs.rp. New- - v . - :
: -"-. :;'.' .-;"-;• :Orlesn», tl Pasp.Lus- Angeles. :
.:¦- : ¦''.¦ • >re»no.'B.erend»'. Raymond ff rom - ' _c ¦ •
\t* ¦¦¦¦¦'¦ '¦ VopeThitej. >«Hne». ' Arrives... 825a
. 7:00r 6»a Fsblovrort Co«t»i M*rtinei ¦ _ -:.,
i '....-. |> - »Dd W«y SUUonfc.-., .-..-;.*;. ,.;..* 1t.25A
. t7C0i- V»llejp:./:.v.:.,-: >....:.;.;;.. ,-,-y.-.. -7 65*
. 7.C0l> Port Co«tn. EfeDfcU; Sulrun, DaTis.
'¦ : •¦'•:-: ¦¦-.¦¦ Satranjento.-- Truckee.'. Reno.^; .-. . • . •
- ' ; V, ',stop.. 'at ' kl\ : OatioB* ea»t- of . ._._ •';.
> '.'" .' ¦ • Sjicramcnto ¦..'.¦..¦.¦¦.'..;.:.i^i..i.. T-O9A .
8C5f Oregon * California Expreas— dae- . . .
;•.: .rameotd. : M»ry»»iHe. Bedding. '..-••; • ¦
.. -•;-. -portliiDti. Hoget Soimdund K»»t. 8-55A
:i9.10r Hayward;^lVea and San Jose (Siin- .' ¦¦ -.- -¦
:.'':;¦ ¦¦¦-¦ . day only) /•.•-•.••'•'•••••?••v-'-v'' 85 *
. Port Co«»a; Tracy; Lathrop. Mo- ., .
, : ..- deito, Merced, Haywond (to ?<*¦ .. .
:• '---. ¦ Fre»no. . >lanfb,rd. >> ¦- tm -
¦ ." -.- . ¦;-. --,-V- •'»>»¦«. Baterraflfld ; :::^.. ..¦.¦¦ .'.^.. 1«-Z5».
. COAST LI N E . 1>arr-- .U»yg«).
',-. ¦ '-. -,-- ¦ (Koot of. Market Street:) -¦ - ¦• ¦ . , '.
17-45a Santa- >Crui ExcumIdi* -.(Sunday '^ ¦••¦¦•¦"
' only).. .;.i'..».v.;.,.. .;...:..:."•: t8-10»
. 8.15<'irewark^:'CehtenrlHe.'-S«a • Jcs«. .;;-; . . : :
.: ¦•- reltbn. Hoolaer .Cre.ek,. S»nU ¦ :
"-.- ¦ " Crui and Way. £«BtioBs..... >.... B 25»
t2-16r Newark.' eentcrVille.-- 8an Jose. . • :-,-.
-. -.-'. : ..' NewAlm'adc.o,Los'Gttp«;TeItoa,' . -."=.; :• •"•
... •¦¦". ¦¦'.•'". '¦': Bonlder. Greek, SanUCrnt and -
: .: : .' .:• Principal Way Stations :...•..'.... 10-55* '
-'' 4.15» SewaTlr.-:Sari Jose, to* Gates and •• ;. -. ' -
r ":. : -- .¦..¦'xrmj sutlpns- (oh Saturday and . -.---.
,--. ...Sunday runs, throagij .to Santa ..-.¦¦ ¦
; ' : ¦ . '-:¦ ¦:¦ Crnx: ¦ Monday' only Irons Santa ¦
i •* : ,'¦¦¦ ¦ ..Crtu). ; - '.Connedta at Feltoa to '
; • : - ; -' ,-? and front- IJou'lner Creek. :.... +8-55 »
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
TroDSAN l-UANCISCO. Faotof M*rtet St. (SIlp«
*:po AUOOt a.m. .100 3 00 6.1SF.*.
From OAKLAND, toot of r.roadwsy — t6:O) «-.n«
-. t8:0S 1U:U)a:m. ; 12 00 2.00 400>.».
COAST LINE <»road «»¦«*).. r
¦;.-¦¦ " 1ST { I'blrd und j'own'gend gtreeta.) .' ¦-."¦;¦ .
f-10* San Jose aod.Wajr Ststl'ona........; T.ZCr
00a San Joae aad Vi*t Sutlons . .. 8.30'
: /800a yew Almaden (Tuei^Frld.y ..;«.y4.10» :
. 37.1 5 a Monterey and Santa Crui Excur - :
•'¦.¦•-. • «ion. (Sunday bnly)M.i..-.;i,.v.-i.. t3-30»
3.00a. CoaitLlne Limited— Stopsoaiy Sao ¦ >'
'•,-".'• . • 'Jo«e,Gilroy.HoniBter,PaJ»ro.Caa-' ¦ \ -. "
.•'..•.' troTille. Sallnaa, ' San- Ardo. Pa»o.. '. > •• .'
- : -.. '•'¦. '¦ ¦' Robles.8»nuMarg:arna.SanLut» .¦-•":: .
.-.¦¦¦,: ' Obispo.(princlpaJ»tatloaitb'ence> -..:".- ¦•.'¦'. : .
Santa Barbara.Saugua andLds-An- --'."..'
¦•' " ¦•' " 'gelea. Connection at CastroTlll* -'¦¦;';'}
•' •¦ ." ' '• -.to and from Monterey and Pacific •• - . •'
' ¦'¦ : . Grore and at-Pajaro north bound - '.•¦-.} .-.
. ' °. . ¦".: " from Capitoia and SantaCruz.-l.; -10.4SV -
- "¦'-" I- CO a 8in Jose, Tres Plnon. Cipttbla, r
. " Saa.t>Crai.PaclflcGroTr*.S»!Inaa,. . ." •
-.. .>''¦' -• ¦-¦SaaXula Obtapo. and' Principal . .•" ¦ •¦„]
:¦¦.¦'¦'. ."."Intermediate Station*:. I. .'..,:: 4.1 Or "
•.•.'•.'¦'"' '.Wettbonnd El. Paao Passenger.—.. : '•'• ¦.-;
" "-. - : .." -.": Trom Chicago." Ei Paso. LoaAa-'- -' .",
"." ¦ '" ':* "-geies, Santa Barbara. ArriTes,;- ' 1-30T .-
¦ '10-30*. S*DJose and-Way Sutlona. .•...':. . * I.ZOr ¦'¦
-"11:00a Cemetery ".Passenw— Soull* San '- • ;¦
".'. ' •". ••Fratfcl»co."San Bruno. .';."....'-... .1;.C5p
. 11 30a. San Jpie, Los JUatos and Way Sta-' ' . • \
• •;" "__¦ tloni-....".:-;.-. .."..-,.... .^:.'. f ::. ...'."• 5-38P'
i-«2-30y. San'Jow andTTar Stations'... .;•.;¦ x7.00f-.
.. 200r SanJoaeandWayStationa.^Ij....- .{9.40a
- .2.30*.. Cemetery '¦Pas»ent:er — Soata' San- .'••¦¦-.
"."¦ '''' ''¦' -Francitco. San^Bruno. ...".'.-.•. -.4.35»-
. t'.IS'-OOr Del. Monte Exprens-^Santa- Clara. •' ' *". .
-.' ".--..: • ". * San Joir, -Del Mqnte/Monterey. " " :-; :
• .-' .-v- -'- ' " Pacific Grore (connecu at Santa.- • - -. .-¦ .
- • .-... -:• -Clara for" Santa. Cru"2.-*Boulder" ¦' " '
-, -^ __. • ' Creek-.aad'NarrowtJausrePoin^svM^^iS*
¦ . -9-ifjr. Bu'rlingame.-Sfth Slateb,- Redwood,- ''" ¦¦• ¦-.•.-'
I'.'.--' •.:•'.•.'¦ ?MenloPa-r-k'.Palo Aiwr-.Mayfleld.. .'•."'¦ •' >
:. .. • • ' .- .-"Mounita'tn X'ew; Lawrence'. Santa .-'¦'*..'..¦ '
-'••¦•• ."' -• ''"'Ciara.'S'an .Joae.'.Gtlrpy feonnec-- .' : ..' -
: •'.'-¦.-¦.•. '- ; ;il6n for- FTolllgter.- Tre»- PlnAy, -.".-. ' -.-
' •¦¦'¦:.- • ' : -' -P.ajar* fconnectlonVfpr.Wat»cji-'' ; "¦: -:"'
: % • *•; : -Tille. -Capltoli aiidSanraCrul).' ¦"¦' >;-'.'¦" :
;'¦' ¦;'¦¦.¦.'.¦.." Paelfle.GroTe and way. stations. - •' • ' "¦ ;
" .'¦- ;. -.Connect*' at- CantrbvlUe 'for S»-::-" :"¦
" ._ •!_' - ¦Hnas.",^.-.v,-.,.'..;.; ..".;.;...¦.;.;•. 10.4S*
- -4.30r San'J6»e and. Way 8ta'tipn»;". ';.;..'." 8 38a
' • T5.00'- San: Jo«p: (tU Santa Clara)" Los .
". ','.:•.•. ."¦ t»ato». Wright and Principal Way •¦ '¦ '
;¦ •" •" > ¦ 'Stations-..!- '.;.>.'.;'.:.:. '..";•.... , r9C0A '
.: -<5.30r'SanJose'iindPrlhctpal'n'a'yStatlons '.+8 00*
'.¦ t6.15r.SanMateQ,Bcrpsford,Be:mont,San •.
¦;¦•..- •" Carlo*,. .Redwood. -Fair Oaks. : ..
. , "• '"- Menip Par*.. Palo Alto 18.48* ¦"
• - : B.30r.-San Jose 'and- Way Stations.-...'.:.;. .'8 38a
>/,7C0f, Sunset Limited; Eaatbound.^-Saa • :
.' • -*-.¦- .-. Lnia Oblspo.-'Santa Barbara, Loa ' . : ¦:..;
.: - " ' .- Angeles. I)«nlng.El Paso. New.; "• .
. '.•'¦ '.'...-.¦ Orleans. Sew Tork'.(Wejtbbund - ' •
i: • . m '¦¦ •' . «rriTrstlaS»nJoaqntnValley)... Vt.2S*
¦ . 8. Cop Palq-AIto and Way Station a. ".¦•....- 10.1Sa
-,.«11-3CrM«lbrae,.par6'Altoand-Way Sta- -. '
¦'a11.30mtllbrae.-Saa ¦Jots' and Way Sta- 'T-^k
¦¦¦¦ •;" ¦ : "Uori> ...•¦'¦;..,,. i '.'-.'...:;.:...; j ;.';:»'<si>- ;
" ' 'i AforMorninK:.; .; '.Ptor Atternooa.
> Saturday and Sunday: only. .-." • . -. ..
¦.} Stop* at all stations on Sunday. ..'¦.' . :
•-t Sunday excepted. . -. t Sundayonlr. • •' , ' •-.-
: a Saturday only.' '•' -. ."•*'.¦• ..•¦..'."¦¦' -
' - <f Connects at'Gosben Jc..wifh trains for- Hanfartl "
..' Vlsalla. At" Fresno, for Vlsalta Tla* Sangor. -
. . * Via toast Line. . /.Tuesday and -.Friday. • ¦' ¦
¦¦'" "\ A ,? rt 7 e y 1 * lfl l* t - ""¦ Dafl y except- Saturday. .
. «f VI* San Joaqu.ia Valley. • - ' '- -.,'>...
v. . Stopt Santa "Clara south bound- only'.": Cohaecta,
% *«?9? 8pnd"«y, for ay point* Narrow "Gauge* -.-. . ¦ .
; nr^Only tralnr»topplng a"t-Taleacta St. strutabound
tre 6:10 a.m.. lt:CO a.m.. ?:30 r.w,.apd 6:S0 J..au-- «.» . .
jpl^piil TO SA.J RAFAEL,
uraSUI SJN'.QUENTIN.-.
pg^^B mill: valLey,- •
ra^^-ra|. CAZADERO, ETC.
)^gj^^gg^^^gg*jg| via' Sausalito retry
WEEK DAYS-<HcHdV* /f£ CeP .1^3-i!£
JT:45. S:45. 9:45. « a.-ni • " '.V,- 0 - * ra
4 1V^* b u^ -kV>' '- «! ™ -
i\v«VM J." 7:30. ,9. U :45 p. ra.
"¦^ir.»" marked' C) run to San Quentin.. Those
mJrted itTto ,F«lrfal. except 5:15 p. m, Satur-
SS On Saiurdays the ?:15 p.- m. train run.
tP TiSftx?s\v RAFAEL -TO SAN KRANCISCO
VLotl A 8:30. V.U.
tlf^S a 2ni 12:*. 2:^10. J3:25. 4:tO. J3:5*
* J. -% 1(J "O P- KJ- . - . -
** :^*r,,* - T marked U> "tart from San" Quentin.
wrOM ™l&>- VALLEY TO SAX" FRAN-
rl ??S-:weelt..<Jay9-5:45. 6:40, 7:45. 323.
O:45^T:»o" ! P; 12:40 ' 2:45 ' *™> *HK}*>'
l *lnnmBfirvi«^ 7:33 - *<£»**• «• m ". :03 -
\-C& 2 40 3:45/4:55. «.O5. 7:10. i0:W p. in.
1.0&. . TH ROUGH TRAINS.
. .--4y" a . m.."t w^ek days — Cazaderct and wax
* t 5 t -15 n^ m.-'***eek d^y* (Saturdays exc«pted>—
T 'm.|,, and way- st itlpns. • . ¦ . ¦'
3?15V%.yni... SaturdaVs-T-Cazaderi and" wjy
** Sunday* and I>ga> Holidays—,^ A. :m/.- C«za-
d»rrf.and« way stations .-'••'
" Sunday* and L«Kal Holiday*— 10 s.<nL Point
Reyes and. way; stations.. .- . \ -;v
TltKET OFFICE— «2H - Market st, • " '.;
. FERFtT— Foot of MarKet at. .*• .* . ' .' '
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
I Leave Tu Sjaaito Farry Arrive
1 San Fran. • t m ot Mtrktt 3v .San Fran. ,
Week Sun-- . ' nB Sun- Week
Da>-s. days jffZ&iftSSK. Day?.
»:43a H-.mtA K£$?t4pkizja 14:oOn »:15a
l-.ASr »:OOa \3^^S.'S(&2f U:5Of3:3Or
S:15p 1O:OOa XSrS^~J^r 3:3Op 5:5Or
ll:3O A 4:35 p
IttarfaTt talj. \*xn T»Tga T 9;30rtrr.T«lf. ll:3Oy
Witt 1 926 Masxbt St^ (North Shore Katlroad/
fl/WJS I and Saosauto Fkxkv. Foot Matte 3c
* : ';. '^JT^aTisE'iic^rTs;^-/-; '. - : \ :i
COME AND BRING
YOUR FRIENDS
Show them what good laundry work
rrally means. The United States. Laun-
dry will be always picasM to 'show Us
skill and to demonstrate why its work is
superior tp all others, and how one can
add to his personal comfort during the
hra-ted term by having his linen laundered
properly. ' ¦'.'"::*•¦" . •"; - V '
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
OFFICE 1004 MARKET STREET,'
Near Powell. ' " .
CCKCEEECEA 4KB CRINART DISCDAESEl
A CURE US 48 HOURS.Issued a" new price' list. 1 as. follows:... ' Electric
Light.; 6s .•7*^'§'10%c" per' set; 12sv.8."*l'<?; Granr
Ite Mining- 08.--.S*;4^n"«*c. per .set:. 12s;.-.8V 4 c;'
Pataffirie -Wax.. -10*4'©Hc';: Raliant" Parafflne
Wax^ -^ig»j»t perfsef.:;:. " ; .;;;>.: .*--v^ %;••.-;;.'"•• ¦¦-.
(¦^^Mtcetpis- 'offPr^iicey'-j^ : -y\
"\:'<;r-:'-" : v-^K;O^^^AT^"J^X*il^^xr^";^
Flour;- -*ar - sks;".". .27.0^2. Wool;.-' balesf*.,.; .:.' : •'" 339
Wheat;'- 1 ct!ii...-:'.-.:".i?vVP*'Us',-. S'a'- ;'.'¦.(„ .... 40
Bkxl.ey;-.- -ctlsi ;"'.-. -"i.'.T.7*a- Hi des.'. Nov.'.'.' ;¦-" SVK
Oats v -ctlB* I".".. •:-..- 23i L?ajhe>i roljs..-.. - -lSS*
Bean?." sks'i '.¦.". J.'./:.U3?>'.- -W.ine;. gals- : . .-: .62.ft.1rt
P.otatbes."sks-.-W.'-2:Sl.(>SUKar.'ctls;..'''.^-.». v 6fiO
.Onions.: 1 ? ks . . .•* ..:Vll.f>; Tallow; : ctls . : . :., • ; ' ,13
¦Mia'ctlirigs. sks.-.:-.. '44jlLirije, bbl.!-.-. ..... .-..'.. 217
Phorts'.sKs :'. .•:;"..- -21..T.<-"hlcory. ,bb!s". .V ' 5">
•HaV tons '..:•.': .'l^iJ*7! 'Paperi rmsr 'I..',. • . 6«U
¦Heps, bales'.:':.: . 'lOOi.QtricksHv'er.." flslju.' .-20
..-;-;> ..?;>-*¦ -v >- : i *dri:goj*;.-v;-;-; :_;¦•; • • •;..".
Fiour^;.ar': : sks '.J. .. '.&SJL. .^ ¦;¦' *¦''-, .'.'*.^••¦'." :'. \
;" "".•-'.....;¦•• ¦.WASHINGTON;' ..•'•. ''¦-¦...;¦ ,'
Flour' 'qr'-skV : . VlS.^SO jihocts, :sk?f ' .'. -.<¦. .' *.'7S6
Oats. t qtls ' .-,-¦; . : . .v* 4,.7.;(*i -W&01,- -balel*. . f ..;..- 131
Bt*ti^ ska.-*:. : .v.:':-ZZO\ ¦'¦,¦,¦:,;¦¦. .- *. .¦¦-.•',
.. -^^Business. contlnuea.qt?let-pn«the.morning ses
sions, '."VitT'iio particujar- jH.Vn^e^. , tUfrd.'wer*
sal'es.''O"':C«il : fofriia-8treet jtalirb'ad* at--.*?C> and
Pqaf.ah^ j:l?ct"r'ic- aVJSTjfet! C.b. - 'Ala ska- Packr
j : 'crs 'yas.-s^n.Jdwer-a^illiGianpt -j Th.e'.bil *t-irks'
-coritin-ued -dulli"'.'-: ¦' *v. ¦•/.•'.•.. - "' '. .-"."- ''.* ';-¦' , - - ' C •>.
' .' In -:.*Uie- afternoon .Alas.ldt -Packers:.' wak.st'i'I
•.iawer*alf.$145ai44.>nd : '.Gaii'land..Elec.tricat,.TCT
:(i «V*.5O.'.".- .Trading cpntlnut-'d quiet; .-.¦';-' • •'. •*
-ThV' Alaska .Salmon, Associatibn'. has. levied in
issessrrieint'-of. ;|24 . pfer .'share;* .delinquent' Aa-
:;" : -."-'-^!-^ •--;-•>'•. *;M&$*
¦J : - ¦'''/¦¦'- i;"' "'.V- < ; " -FRIDAYv .July 3l'-r-2 p. .»¦¦'¦*
: X. \f.:-'\\^&rio: ncnr6s^ '¦¦¦ :¦:¦ -¦ ••
':¦..' ;i.i>. v v:."iV-Si*:A*K. [•*•": .:?.¦ -: ; - •'.•' - Btd.Asit
4s"q"r coup: .100*^111 *^!.4s rj c,frieW).135*4i: l fiU
¦W ;qi;;.ref'..;.108"H-iir^r'3a: qr cpup.>107*^10» .
: s-'.^scEL^L^Eors^;-: ;: ,-- ¦ ;
.ATa*'-A : W- 'S*y-*-'-:\-r^.' ¦]¦' i>b 3s'-. ;.';.—.. T1SU
Ba>'.CP0*"Si:-.-^' ' 1C5S I . ;Po con Ba. —• 105
c *e cg&ess —. ;"*U$9t9£ vl ? c «• s«. . — loo
¦CakQ.'&.'E-g-..'. -.-.•- ;Oteanic. SC5s — 83
":»'m and-ct5s"r^-" -l.OJlr .»Om G R 6a. ¦":— ".•'-. 12» .
CaUst-.-C.5s.— ... -r> '; f-Pac^G Imp4» 85 10O
C-C^Wat. Ss.ltXV . — '¦:. P -.3 Ry 5s. -r- ..107"«
EaS--L''"A--pSs» % 128' >tt ! P.&'vC.R.6s; ' —''• 105
."F.-CT- •Jft-*e»,..ll«9 [ ''— ' -" P* O R«s. — -¦—¦
GearV-st-RSs 40i -. 6O--.-- Pbweir-sf«a.ll«V4 -^
;-a".c*a 5Hs.iom-^'. .^..e ¦g&rs*. — losti
iHG:«.S^6s. 93, -IOO.- SP" A . SJV5»- —: 120V,
Hon-R-X'fis-. —¦¦ 108 •"• S R.of C Cs'.110"4H2S
L. E-Elec 5s: — •'— '.'•• S.P .of A- Cs: ' •
' L \A Ry '-Ss: -H ;*U4*4 ". :(1908). ' ."... Afn% —
•L' A t Co* 6s- r-i* *jr • '(19W)- ; . . . 108"^' — ' '
' . Do"gtd-6s: —,.-':— ." S",P of C to • I ¦¦¦
'.Dogta Bs.106' Vr" * ¦ (lW)3V3r A.103?41O4t4
.LAP.lcm 5*.'lT»"9lj(MH-- •<inO5)S'r B- — . 105*4
Mkt,-st C'6s'.llS "123- •"• tl90»?> .-..'.lOT. 107*4
> Do lcm'3s.ll7Vi 4 - (13121 •,..". -' Uf
Nttof. C 6s. 105^107 S J? C lcg5s.l2OV5 — .
II Ii*Cfof<^**a. 106*4.— • .-Do strapd.. — Hiflli
•N P C RR5s >^-. 10814.1 S. P B R «a. — l|0
;NC Ry 5j. — , lUVr'S" V*Wat*6t».10rj * — •
N C P SS..100 •—¦ -Do 4s 2dm. 88% — / .
N S R 5s,. — ICO .Do4s Sdnu-eOHlCO
! O G L'.H 5S.U0- • — SUtn G4E 6a 95 — . .
I Oak T. 6s..-.. — 122 U O ft E. 3s.lO5 10T
• I WATER STOCKS.
Contra Co«ta 57 60 I Port Costa.." 04 «*n
Marin Co .. 60%.— (Spring .Val.. — 85
GAS AND ELECTRIC.' ."•
Cent L & P. — 5' I Sac E GAR. 39 —
Eqult Gas..'. — 5 |SF G-i E.. 66%$ —
Mutual E L. 12% I.HjiS T Gas ,... S Z%
Pac G Imp.. .',2 M |Stkn O & E. -5 —
Pac L Co... 53ti 56S!U G * E 314, —
* • TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES,
g. F O &. E. C3% 6C4 . • '. s ¦ ¦ ' ¦
., % -..; .. INSURANCE. " - . .
Firem's 'Fnd.S25 — * *
. •• ; BANK, STOCKS.
Am NatrBl*.*125 — LonPAA..163 —
Anglo^-Cal . . 93*4 — * Merch Trust. — 2«n
'Bank .if Ca!. — 5W Merch Ex . . 53 73
C.S 1* & T-.142H16O S F NatUsnl — —
Flrsf.Nationl — — * ».
SAVINGS BANKS.
G«r S ** L. . -r 2275 [Sav & L So. . BStfc _
Hum S & L. — — .'Sec Sav Bk.4AO 500
Mut S Bank. 95 — . (Union T Co.2130 —
S F Sav U-COO 739 I
• • STREET RAILROADS.
California. ./JOO — . (Presidio .... 35 a
Geary • —*"• CO ]• ¦
POWDER.
Giant'...-*. 68% 70 *VlgorU 4*4 5"4
v • • SUGAR. • . . '
I'-ana P Cn. 2c' 10c Kllauea S C. 5 8*4
Hawaiian C. 44H 4« Makaweli 8. 20 —
Honokaa S- C — 13. Onomea S C. 2S*4 23»i
• Hutch 3 PC— — - Paauhau S C U —
, ,' MISCELLANEOUS."
Alaska Pack.143 143 ' OceattleS Co 7 •• —
*Cal Fratt As. — . 01 Pac A'F A.. 2»i —
Cal Wine "A*, -r 08 Pac C Borax. 1W —
. I 1 " " Morning " Session.
Board-^- ¦. '.
35 Alaska PacRem* Assn..' 145 OO
20 Alaska Packers" Assn 14S 0f»
' 2O Callfornla-st R R ......"....». 20-^ 0»>
125 Giant Powder Con. s 80 t» M>
35 Hutchlnson 8 P Co.:...... 13 Oi)
13 Hutchiason S P Co ;.... 13 25
20 S F Gas & Electric'Co.. 91 00
; : ' ... Exchange and Bullion. ,.','-? ,-.
" 'Th.e'Nipobn.Mani;took. ; out for Hongkong- a
treasure list of .f63,6{>8," cphsisting " of; $61,103
in Mexican dollars and $1895' In gold .coin..' .
.: Financial.; quotations f showed-.-- ;-lnsignifleant.
changes: :",:¦' ¦:¦.-¦:' ¦''.' ..'.'.'• • -'. ' : """
• The steamer" Sierra,- which- sailed- from" Syd-.
ney. for this port on . July 27, has- £500,000 in
British eovereigns : - on. board, shipped, to local
banks; . £250,000 for-, the : London, Paris and-
American Bank, £160,000 for the"'Anglo-Cal,l
.fbrnian Bank'(Ltd.)» and £100,000 for the;Ne
vada- National. Bank.- ". . ' . '. . ' "-•¦ • ' ' :
.Sterling Exchange, Sixty days... ' -^' H %*W
Sterling- Exchange sight ;...... -486%.
Sterling Exchange- cables ...... -r •'• 4 87% |
-New. York Exchange; sight. .».*""..-,: — r\;'; ' ~W\
¦New York. Exchange.; telegraphic. : .-¦¦'' 10 j
Silver.:. per : '.ounce •; .'..". .i.~.yi.. : i< "'-- ¦". : '. . -54% ¦
Mexican Dollars, -nominal^. :".;.. •—;..:.. .-42
i u 'Wheat*qnd Other. Grains. \
- "WHEATr^-The .foreign . markets' showed . no.
•chsjige* worthy 6f. note:. '. . '.¦¦', '" ;;••. .
. Chicago declined " %c. .- There" was ¦ a large
speculative' .- trade • in .Wheat and a little lm-.
provemerit j In the export demand: Minnesota,
.and. South Dakota reported some-blight In the
crop. ' ¦¦_ ' '¦ ¦ ¦" '• .: • '.. •• • • '..--.• . "Vi-.V '¦':
.'.,TMs market was -lower; as' to futuresi' but"the
cash grain showea.np further": change. .The
miUers, are- active:. buyers. In the country : and:
are..paying' fulk figures. • • -.. : -\ V:- : -":' '": "• ' ¦•
: -- --: - : - : '-- - '¦/ •"•:,- CASH 1 , WHEAT-.' ; ;-"" ; ' ¦ -'V'.- -r '
' California Club, .-' $1 42% @1 46U ; Calif or jia
Whit* Australian... $1 '-50@l-, 52%: ¦ .' Northern
;Club. - $1 42%®1 45;. Northern Blue Stem.
$1 BO®! 52%; Oregon Valley, fl 6O. ; . "¦-.." ¦ -V •
•;¦ :¦-¦ J'- : '¦!¦ v > : '-, : -- J- FtJ.tt3:|lfes.'-' ; ;> T : ,-;l ': y : :.'\; ¦:/¦
¦¦'¦;'¦¦ : •' : •¦"¦•• Eession 9'.tp ¦ti.:30: a/' m.. : : ¦-.-': '.-¦•-' ".
.." ' ¦¦/: ir'-~ '"¦¦' '¦ rOpen."' :- : Hlgh. .l-.vXaw.- '..'^Close.
;Peceiber.i;';|l.'47%' ;: J|1^4I%-'':-'|l\'»6%: ..|i:.46Ts.:
- . •' ¦ : : ! - ¦ '.- .:.¦:'. ¦'¦ ¦.'¦¦;¦ . ¦; 2 -. p. ;• ,m.; Se" sslori:;-- ,. _; '•'..• ,.': ; -' ¦'• ¦••;- . "¦' ' -
¦¦"V-- v;."."- v - :.".';'•• I'.'OpenV ;"v>-' ; His;nv/VU".-fiidw:V'' ; '.-.'Qlos«v
December '¦:.: .$1, 46%". ".- ?1 47^ -y^i;. 4(E!%';;fi:47%
,-¦¦'•" BARLEY-r'Rece.lpts : were" heavier: - than ; for;
some" time, taut a- good- part will -go-on 'to::8hlps'
forv Europe; .eo:the net receipts 'f or. thi*., market
were/, smaller -than vappeared ".; on r- the -suffacel:
" The.;" market was- :weak,.. :hp,'«veveri :.and, the ; cash
qliotatloris; a -.decline. \- ; ¦ •:'' : ,-''-: : -'':.r.':>'.- : - .-.
CASH BARLEY.
-•": ;Feed/::;$i:0&«^i;08%: -new.? shipping '• -.' and
Brewing; .$1.12%^l.;i7%; -Chevalier; ,-.|i;20@
;l,v4p. : f or' fair .' to -fhoice;; ¦•":•• ,->-.' : >--' : -' r - '..'.'¦•. ; -.".:.'--;. ; ;
FUTURES.' I -
'i',":V : ..;/¦;: i Session/ tl tb : 1 1 :3O: a. nfc- . ¦¦'¦¦: •'¦' "'¦:'¦'¦•'
:'• ¦•;"" ";¦ .-. '-, "Operi'ji"'-' High/. ..' Low. r - "..'Close..
December ;¦> . v$l- 04& . ;|l.'05% : :'r. fl. O4.%.:." % 1-04%
•Seller.year.vr-.'-.:'V--': -:'.'C. r ." : ;\ •-¦.-/•>' •- '..-:;•.: '-'¦:•¦.
¦.-.-.new" .'-..;.;, vil..02%'.;. i:"..C2>4'." .."1-02^ : : - 1.02%,
-'¦.." ¦¦;¦'''¦ ,\'.l .' : '-' .¦¦•.-X2''.p:;V:m:;- j Be9slbn.,;" % '-^.,".:; : .I-';- 1 ";"":
" : ¦ : ',- r -:¦:¦"¦" ¦':¦¦'. .Open"".;-- ••"High. - Low.x : . vdlbse.-
;s^QBtei^.^»>9i:-0A^.'i(fc'09 ,11 o*% -$i 05 ¦••••
¦••" OATS-^Thpugh-' offerlrigS''Of.'red are larger and
.of-. flne; ; -iiualityi 'the' : local - trade "report' . rathfer
hlgber : -prtcesl • :Blac-ka'nd.Wnite. are. also flnner;
' the :.twb"; latter l-beirig'-lri light, supply -at. the"
"mpme'nt/." " •.':;. ¦•'.¦'':.-: =-• ; ;- ' ¦¦•• : ': :•:•;.:••.••¦>¦ : -..- ' • "" •
•White.: v $i 20@l;3Q;. : .B.iack, r $1 12%®1 20;
-Red., fl 12%"igl.,1.7% ; :for cbmmoh. arid- $r20»"
"1 27%..fp'r ; .choi?e; '.Gfa'y-,- nominal. •¦'. ..¦.'•:¦ • ."
i. -CO HN-r-^HeaS'y-.' fains lh- the. Kansas Cotn belt
; have ¦ saved;" that T crop; and b'rbken : the. drought
. which : .threatened-' to .damage .-.the. crb'p;' :to ..the
extent'.'bf : hiiilipns. ; "pf -i-dpllars. -.-The Chicago
rnarket w,as.%c.ibwer,':.::-';.-' .'•'¦:¦. ; .:'...'.:"; .': *-'
.- ;' This' ' market-. • ruled" -firm --"it* previious prices,
; with-; hp-pflerings ;.of ". any-cpnsequence;' -." '\'': - .. .-...
¦ •; •¦Canfbrhia-.lirge^Yjslip.wj-fl^tjOivEmaH. round
,do.'»i; 75;; White, fl 55@l 60;: "Egiptiari, -- : $1 43
ei-:5OJtor;White and .fl;40@r45. fpr Brown,, .
• .RYE-r-The: market .rules'. firm-' '.- at:- $1 17%a
1.^22.%'fper-ctl^'.-.;-.-'-"^:-.;. .'.'- ',.";¦ ¦¦ --¦'—.'.¦•, .'"!*"¦
¦.;¦ BtiCTK-WrlEAT— $2^2-50: per- ctl. ; ' : -.'." :-" : -, : ;- v
¦ :Ali> Corri; Meal and : Wheait :gbodi 'have : ad
: vanced :'25c..L.er..ctl-iri sympathy wlth : the": raw
grain:.- .- ¦ - ¦ ¦ ... r ¦ ¦ ~ ,
Flour, and Millstuffs.
; FLOUR-^allfprnla;., Family 7 Ei:tras i :'$4 (SO®
4, 85. '.usual, terms ; .Bakers' r. Extr.as,;' $4' 50@4 60 • :
Oregoh : and : vW.ash : ingtbn; --; $ 3.'CO@4' 20 per"; bbl
¦for -family-arid -$3 »0(2t4, 40 for -Bakers'. ' •
:;¦;. MlLLSTUFFS^-Prtces in packages : are ; a »
follows: Graham. Flp"ur..f 3 Wh per; 100-lbs- Rye
: : Flour; :--*3:. 25V-' KyeJ^ralv-fJ^'-Rfc^^Flour^'lfiv
Corn Meal..' $3 50;: -extra creiara'dOi $4' 25 : Oat I
-Groats';':'*;-.! -r>0;'.:.-Hnn-!in;v,,$4'- 25@4 : '-&O; '-iJuckwheaf 1
: Flour.'$4' £#<&* aS|;-0rWcked- Wheat;.'. $:i:t&¥?&2*.
rlha.*4'50i Whole Wheat Flour; »3 T5;- Rolled
Oats, :b&ls, • $7^8: Wi; ¦'"'. iri".: racks'. $»i ZQ'gH io~
Pearl; Barley. $U: Split Peas,- boxes; f 7;^ Green
Pea's;- $5 "SO^f'^V-lb^' •.;.:;;;>.:{,¦;•.; ¦¦:yx\, *r^":- -.- : A
Hay and Feedstuff s.
J. '•'-, All,, Feedstuff s-. are iyery» : flrnj"-' in".-, sympathy "
with the raw ¦grain.;? Hay-.- is •'. now ¦'-.coming, in;.
¦hetCvily;. but ": the market", rulea steady,'; never
'¦theless.-'.-.- 1 •"¦¦-.-. ".'¦".. -;• .'.-•- i----'- i :;; '-'"^ *.""> .•¦¦'¦:. •¦¦¦¦--.
:.: :BftAN^r$24.5Q©25 ; 50 per ton- • "-• • -- ' ' ;: v>-"> ;
: -MI'pDLIN'GS- T .j27.Q30 : per ton - * . : . -
-¦: -SHQRTS-^r*24te25 1 per ton ¦ = ' ¦ " •¦".¦•'' '';'¦¦'¦' ~ : - :¦'¦
. FEEpSTUFFS-rrRoned- Barley. f23@24 ; ';per
tdn: • Oilcake... Meal at . the , ; mill» $2«#2&"60;
Jobbing.: $27 ©27. f^;.-.(?i<oariut"Cake. : ..nbnehere<;
Corn -Meat; $33e54; .Cracked -vCornV :f '$33 500
S* XO: Mixed . Fejsd, - $23@24; .Hbrser-Beans," $30
¦per;ton.. :.:¦•'; .:"¦'. ¦ ; . '. •.;;¦:*'•./•."'• : ; j;v :::¦.. ;^-'/': ¦;Tv-.=
¦ HAY— Wheat; $12@i : 4; Wheat arid Oat, Jli@
.13; Q"at..flPS12.'5Q : ,-Barley;-.JJ(.50®iii eiover,';
f9(S 1.0;' Stock.- -*S^i»;- Alfalfa". fS®"10-per"ibni-:"- ¦•
;¦ ; 8TB^-Wr^3^B0c;per: ; bal«i :-.:¦-. \' : K. '¦-¦/-] "-".= 'A/;
Beans. and Seeds.
.:.-.- 'A- circular.-' to.. tKe ; '""^rs'de;.';'iysue' : d';'. ; at';Stpcitpit^
reports;' thitt ¦th'e. 1 fBeatt;a'cireag^'6'f : . i fi^ r iSijiiQtSB;
cCpurity^^not ; with(r^50 -. cerk ' hi} ""that/o.r- -.iast;.
t>l*fc%.^lils.:;is; \'&t'XD-ib&:;h)Bh/j>rii&_«jir\iafef}tiy..
jv last:,year"^ rhuctj." Bean;" ianii ; Jiay'ing; been';planted'
¦j itjof liiirl^i-: : ;'>VTh5' !
1 crpp.;is,.back.wara; : .fi.t;ii'.H«t'. th.Iriy.:dayB > '--due'-tb--|
! extremely. -cold.. •de>-j-;\niKfits-;th"at :-pr«^.".1
j "Vailed -.'the: last •- two v . weeks-, ; w;lii.ch-has'" retarded"!
¦ the growth-.- 'of '-. .the :•;¦ .vine's. 1 - 'Beans, .especially'i
.-'Black- ;E'yes,V; at-,thi.s.timc:of : th.e year,- -when 'tfce'-'i
pod- is; inrthe. milkv-rt-cfuire^a certain .temper^ -,
" atur* tp: strtngth>n,:and nll'lt but;' ahd'the-pre-: '
:;yaHlng-.:cold--x'eitt-hpr-;.ia 1 ;xiblhg-yrii]iicfc damage,' \n
not ""^nly. -retarding the • growth;-- but In". many -in'-: •
" stances :-'k"il|ing;- the ':b'ean:'. in •" tbe : -ends -bt ; the-'
pod.."- ;. : ,'; .>¦:..•::.'•¦¦ "¦:'; ':- ¦¦¦ : -.">" ".:'¦:-.;:-:.:'• - : - : . ::V»;- : :-.
: ,;BEANS— Baybs.. • $3 60(63 7ft: • . Pea. . "• $3 "253
3 60;.. Buttefs,; $8 M-^smajl Ayiijte^' $3 lttgri-ZO-.:
large. ".White,. v--'f2 -00-33; 15;-: ¦Pin'k~".V$2v06fi3;:'
,:Red.- f 2,-00@3 ;. Lirna; $3: 45@3 00; Red ' Kldrie'js V
nominal;! Blaekeye.. •: J2.-"50S3>'- per- ctr--"' Horse '
Besms:"$i ;.250;']35;:-"v.' iv./---::.".-^- ¦"¦- -.-; •> - : ,: V iv"-; > '-
.: '.SEEDS— iBrbw'n: Must,ira; . • nominal ;.'• Tellbw
-Mustard., n.prnlnal-; Flaxj.' $l;70(gl: .'80.;,- CAnSrjv;
¦« ; &5%c'.for.-Easte:rrj;':Alfe.rfa. .' -pb'min'al'il^Ra-ps;'
-|-%''e^^^'.T>9EM£a^'apHtj^i ; Hi«iqpd-4^)^%i
per J.b;:Minet.- 3Jf3%e.; Broom.; Co.rn. Seeg, ¦ f 2CKrf
: 23- per-tpn. ¦'.:'.. ¦ ¦': '.::¦:< ¦" > .-;*¦.; :-:;-'.>'''.'r ¦'..-¦ .-; ;;-. •; • ¦ '
f{[ .DRIED:; EEAS^re^;:$2@2:25 v p^;cty : tl ; :-"-"
Potatoes, On t ons . and Vegetables:
"~'\. Receipts of :",p"ota,toes\ continued ;light :ajid the.'
rnarket".. . was-' : steady ¦" : »t-:'.^^ibput . previous-' -prices:
There ; : were :Very;,ifew. I b£ixes.- received-, '¦' receipts '
conslstlhg,-chi.efiy .of. sacked stock.-:, 1 Small lots'
;;of strictly <ahcy, cornrnariaed a .premium, '.sbm«
{vitqcklijl boxes' selling up; to. f r'Sa-iper.^ieehtal.* A'
IVmalU'cori'slgprnent. of.'. Sweet- .Potatoes/, came. in" :;
I' t rom the^^¦r}y'er; % the "first": of "t-hei'seaispn ' f .rpin*that
| fiuarter •: and- sola. af--"4c ..Per .ib:';'-; briibris; were :
Vjflrjne'r' iinder •cpntinued.-iight rtcelpts. 'and-^tea'dy-
V locaV- demand.; - ; -•;- .•.: '".: : - '• : - ¦; • ;.'¦ =: '.'.;'. •¦ " • ."¦";• '.. :.' : .- • •¦ ': v" ; .
i -.-ChangeB -in" yegeta"ble"s'were".j«ilgh'-t. : neai-iy'aU '
".descHptlphsV-belng U In"'.;- ample.. ."supplyV.-'-iareeH.
{.CJorn'-.wa's'-the -firmest- article, bii-, the listvand
.'cleaned • upr-.w.ell : a't-Vsjood* prices^ '¦¦ ..T-lie'v market •
was still- eongwtedVwliDF '.-in -large'
¦boxes -from the- "ri>Ve'n- s Small bbxeV from'Vaca^.
' vll le were also- Ini, free • sy pply- ,arfd . were • "neglect- •
. ed. although' offered as' Iqw- as 10c- pe.f.:box.* PepV
'pe.rs.' : Summer- 4 Squash-;. .CAicurotfers ¦ '.'and'- : --''(Ijgtc
•'Plant continued .to.;arhve freely- arid.were : 'weak'
at . previous 1 ' ¦prices. . -.Beah's, " . Asparagus.' --and-.
' Peas. ' were. In -fair request -at. st*ady':pr-jces"..- The
other vegetables .moved Toff fairly.- wetl 'a't-'un'--
. -changed" rates. • ¦ -. : .." •"• •• :.-•, • ; •• .'••••.• ' '¦• ,-..
1 • POTATOES^-New White; '.75e®fi S5-. per ctl'
'• fri «acks" and$l"25ei75 in :b.oxes, with some
¦ fancy .'higher:. E>rly . . Rose", -75c©fl;:- 'Garnet"
. Ghllea;" M®1 15. • •¦.":"»"••. .. "."• ""•-.
• -.- ONIQNS^togJBc per- ctr. .- ••".'.:.
. VEGETABLESrT-Gre'e.n ' Corn; $1 75@2 per
sack: crates- from* Alameda. *$1 ~U'a- -':>: from
Berkeley.- $I.50@l 75: -Asparagus,. $1 25©2 50
per box-;- Green Peas, 4&6c per lb'; .String Beans,
¦Jiitlo r#r lb;'-.Wax, 3@5c- Lima Beans. 5,>SUc per
Ib;- Tomatoes, 25{tMlc, for large boxes trom th.e
river;- Summer: Squash". 25$40c per box; Cab-V
bajge< 75<-&$l per ctl; Carrots. 75c@$l.p"er sack-
Cucumbers. Ito^fftOcper. box; Garlic, 2%©3c per
lb; Green Peppers, 3O05Oc'per box for Chile and
"Sctrtl for' Bell;.. Green Okra, Uu£i75c -per box;
Egg Plant. '70c.6?l per box. • ;. ' • •
:*. •* .Poultry and Game. • • v -;,"¦•
-. . . • • • Jt : . . .•• .;. ••
*.Trfe jifcbn'd .car .of Wesfeni poultry "for" tjie
. week .w.as.-oh- "Bale andl moved off. .fairly", well.
Domestic stock was in -free supply and except
for.flnsf la.rge young fowlj.the market. \t as <lull.
«eris • were' very -dull, particularly, poor .stock.
which was .Dlentiful.. . ¦'.,..•*
Receipts pf.Game were Jibe rat. .b.ut cleaned
.up qulfk'ly. Doves were. In demand and higher"
• POUfcTRT- Live Turkeys.* nominal; Geese,
per pair.* $1 25@l«50; * Goslings; $l;25fil 50;
Ducks. $3. C0S4 per* dozen for old and $4@4 50
for young; Hens, -. $4®5,; young Roosters,- $M$
8: old Roosters, "$4 6065; -Fryers. • $464 50;
Broilers, i.^®3 60 for" large 11 and f 2 50©3 for*
small; • Plre'ons, . f 1 50 per 'dozen for old and
$1 50 for Bguabs.
¦ GAME— Rabbits, *1 25®1. 75 per . dosep;
Hare,'$t 25©1 50; -Wild Doves.-$1 per dozen.
'"..', • . '-'Butter '> Cheese and Eggs; : - . '.
• Liberal. imports' of Eastern Butte'r'are weak-,
ening' the *gtate''. prodifpt. * a» v " the "retailers are
taking/ lt '. in preference to the latterr Some
houses Save rjeduced their a*sklng, prices for
lhetr'b.est creameries.' to' 24c* , The market Is
overstocked: and the demand U'-. slow. •• m
There* Is no* change' irj Chhees<% but the mar.
ket : is well supplied ; and easy,-, with- outside
-rnirkefs ofterlng tne|r product l^re. * •
• Eggs, are firm at a" further slight advance.
Receipts .are", moderate and. there-is.no accu
mulation of *tock. '- ¦ :'*¦:" ¦'¦"'.'-¦ ¦"
ReVelpts ¦ were . S3.M0 lbs Butterj. • cases '
Eggs and 29,200 lbs Cheese. ' .
BUTTER — Creamery. 24025c; dairy. •22*4O
24crstore Butter. 17©20c : Eastern. 22©22«4c
CMttKfitfVN»w. 13U«ia<M V«ob. AbwIm.
• ., $ank Clsarwgs. % I
; *'¦' ¦-.:•.•'.'.¦¦- ';.¦"¦.'.-•¦' ."-•'..--¦'.'-¦: .: .¦-::;¦/,¦'¦¦ ¦' • . -'..:¦ J
¦••',-¦>.; :-.K- ki-r"^a^n^-.%r : Ju-l^';^^»^i30i-:--:j
«!>«>: '-iji a;:r{«t \ f \ ii^.c'f '1 1' : : f or " the:[cprresripn(Jii5g; :
ni-onih-'. J-aV:".:' v<si*°; -For 'the .'first ¦ : seven ; rnbriths )
:ri : i:«;.-:i •'-..- \'-iiti ; -ur.ti i.Mo.-'*?fi4':H>«rOM: agsirist"
>7<r-.'-i;r -.'-;: ':. • -trVrVarS*- p«'ricjd '.-in:ii»02,-. ,'. ¦'¦.¦. •"¦. \
••--. ¦¦'• ¦•¦.-¦'¦ '.'-":"' ¦'¦•'.'''-- '. ¦ ¦'--'¦.¦¦' '¦¦¦ '.'.'¦•• ¦'.'--* : ': -. ¦¦'• '¦'- ¦ ¦' : .. : - . : . : '
. v'^ : Callage in July. - \ : ['-' : \
¦ ' The- -.roirage" ¦'*:'¦' the : ¦Vr.ited. : :Ptatef : branch':]
: mi^^j^tt^.-rlt:'\'/'j*qrfit ; '?^\ : r??^'^^i^r1
: « >¦. : '¦-'¦ $~: -«»»"i-n'-.'«suan.er 'japitars,- iZp.X/X) ',
..- — •-- » '.tKa ivii;4 OWO-.-Phlilppine : ? tlver . p**<?s:
»| - SvSfc " 19Ctt. : -tb* ¦'coitr.aEf'-aSiouhted -' to; 'I?,-'
' ¦'-'. ; ; - ;oiv Imports, ¦ ; . : r : :i\
\ ¦':':¦¦; Th*}"-T*cf^>'ts':. rf '¦- du^ee -on' imrtoris .;at:-:tiifr;!
• '•'sa^rprini'iscbV<"Usipni'r ; h"b'jit'e^4ur.n«---Ui'e
: -v* :-'Jij]yL »fre. *r."^;07i; ''.- ifciir.K $'^ f '.li*S;dTirJ'ng j
¦ -u >¦ 'iaCK:" " ..Th'e ¦•.:'• ni" -rt-cf-. ixiirZr.-.yCe.mia.nr- 1 j
' 'f' vaty'-yiTt--" Jf.i^'Ui, ' fcf a:-hfct $4;4t^433 durrj
;. •.¦ih"eAt4j*>*aic:fe- ¦jtri'od'.last ¦ J'«*r.- .'•:•' - '¦ ; ; . ¦ r •, ~ . i
\ . Oregon Crop Bulletin. j
-Thy .'r'pjfcrt vcf • EdV'af a'A .: Beaik,;' ;.Eec.tipn: -Di-. ' j
r^"'<^;':."l;'r::V*-"4 : Elates; -'VSVather -.^Bureau,- ¦- for: tne.j
. oreVpa'-' ¦Grpp..^.ui!etin-'f'pr;Xh.e-.-.'reelt -ended July
2jT.iuIlow*i ";..:.v : » :.;¦¦•'; ¦¦-.•"::¦-". • ,";' -J •:¦:?.;¦¦-.: '.' *¦¦ "¦"..::';..'. "
.tht'.'OT. rs'ari'-.'cf 'ifte . wrek" • ku warm ¦ atid;
Stsc wcrj- '. ' w'h He; the; '4 atter 'ran was. : clear ah d
<-uol; *«»W!fcSa.njr;. ¦at.T.r.rght:-. ,;The ehowtm . were -
nut . h»^Vy'>fjp.ujph*- v to : be of- benefit to corn and:
paiOaii*s.;-;ard --*iri-' -.«qin.e.. cf- the coast coiintlee
tiiey -in-t^rto-rt-d" ->.iitri .haj':r.g. ' The hay hart-eft
it, now i-el4.i<;s-*nc*a.':ar.d:in-.thfe -southern *=t
t:<>:-s ius-u v ' ja'rraerf '- have, flniehed vu-.'.ini : tl.eir -
secsti J ' crop- .of .'-alfalfa., ,;"The . hay -crop; us : "a
VaOktf wiU ijje '.ieFs'-than last y^ar-. andlf v-iU;
i*!l el^ghtiy below- jneVaverarie for th* 'last ten
: . arE-.-'.Part-u're .Van', the. .renges: 'is, dryinj up,
but :t ¦ f-oLtinues eood":ih.:-th«:tn'purtaln*: •'.-- ;-/' : :'
The V-eather' ns,t; : b«<?'iv v*r>- f a yorat le f 0 J VO
.: g»i.nd 'rif>tiiir.g-"cTa;n. < The' heads- are ct good
'ize «n4"uie:Jj< t rT>'-'ifVfIumpj.-'but ihe-vstand ir j
• hin. . ami Tp'a*e-q<jenti>: ..tht-; >ieids are '¦'faiii.uc-,
«t* ;<''V *ihi ¦aiVrkpe. ".The". |rrj:in : harvest has be- i
*eotoc general JutJ><f.Cplisntia' River Vallfy and .
:n Vs-c^therr.- .«-nctic"nsi'-afsd -. well'. ; efsrted \iri "-tbe ;-.;
* \ .' ! : iErrr;c! jf U ytkliey" " .-.Xfa tfcvproriiise" bet ter yi^.is j
l l^:r fith^f w-iitar.pr.'teariev..:;. r; . : :..: y\ : ':,'.-. : :'¦ . !
1 The . clou-J?' »eariier-.-ilurir^r:. the.: fore iKiit ff..
V.h«- w*r*jc ceuj"?d*. lice -'U»i' iricreas* : tr .the; hop v
<}-*r4*. apd *rinie^'!'r»>'ijig-'*ia.e:i*e«n- done. :Hops.
,c~rittnue. iiivliy .ana-:" no; '..•triow-' dBrpage ;frorn : :
{ vermm" l**^ '-el- r-c^-^t^i''. -,'T-he .not -*o "
i - fiir^ ai2 \ i. » "•'¦" 1 ' » *' ; u f- u a, :.tt"' : ih f? '.•Bea'fcoi: ¦ ¦•?•"' lh*- ;j
"* '-nr' ' a'A. f u<r.}*' leaVs"' ;ir*- '-o:iVt--"i:t"i.fM*-l-- ' Vhut -it :
1 1 ! ; . n 01 r-.-:i T-i -e 'tyrf ,-jj-e thj: "-.". !l ; .r j.i tiii.'b^sin,' ;¦;. ;'.; j
' . I'otatoes fifto-: pirC£r>'.'.Rft:"' .•! : i'?fi -.rir.c v. but.]
*ht- Ugjlrta<>h<^.tt'fe.n'ltd.7:^.Av".T{r'/< ; ';r-U'.<o:'' : .Bt)al:e'
:tpid* (trrv-th.."i.'s."dl.thA/-^rci>;:t>>w;-;h'^i :' : r*;ih.. : |
*Fi^ur -o*v<_i;e cr^.-'rep^rte'd;';to- .^Jii.^eVj'l^y;.: mi
g'-W'^c^ i.VKin/.Ei'h'.'ii^ji ; -in' i i^w-.-j'iUc'.-s'^hiy '¦;
-. are affv.'.M.-b.. .:b:i5fcC'.-:-~.-'" : ;-:'-.' 'v'> : .- ;•.=;: •••• ¦"¦' : .;v : -
j- .a Klu'ft- r-i r 3r]'^f-''.'l'^ch.es'is\\'l.*ing r it>:ArkMel
- nv.A pi un iV :ve/i ? : & < -.^ n! f* ; -- W •« Pf n = - } *rv rics. .c nd ';'
1 >eirs-. font £?u e -It ;: •rc'e.ke . » f i-> •¦!? "rt t.- T>r regress ". and -
/ 1 Hef r -i»jp"w -J-nvi; fte ,m^ I'.-.-.' :*'np ! *'s "arJt' urtven;.
c arifi'an'a'iyijige'X^oii :ir nrr expected: 'Puriag. The "
i'-t»ast^j«tx r rf.hi::li-":s';ri<:y .ir. :h •.•¦;": rilri 1' n'jrivlr -.V».]-'
;"l^y' h*)M:- v <ri-^r;i'. ; .SP^? s^^ft e :Vi^V>-:a.':'T.tiiit'. . L --o .'
.Crup ; "-'- <_• -^ -iV'.: >;.".; '"¦'¦..•?;'-. ;.:.-V -.¦;-. v ¦";"'-•';'• V--v'.-;.'.-v-: : .-."-'-|
' ":*'*• 'Weather Report.
' u'V.' v' '": ; 35f*i>^s^n%^c?ific^TlifflE.>; ; "' -^ ; --
.•;::;;.;> : ' ; .-^AX^I^iA^^lSC^'Xu'ly::31-^^;v^
'• ,: ; H. ; :-V : i-V •¦V/'ii: ;< ¦.v^'.^aK'Vi'.s 1 '--. :¦ v-'^* 1 ¦••;'-; ;i-;^;
'•. . ;:| .r-S "-zaf ¦%
-^l^-v:;¦^•v-.¦.:J>¦;•|: =
¦; ¦st ; a.tjo^s.-v ¦¦: p: S : | ; .4 =•: =; ;§:;: _¦-: »^::-; .V*?;;
BsjfVr.- .¦;•¦;• ;^rija.Y»§ :'.;;-Tc;^4<5'-.xw:^ciear' : '¦'¦ : ;ob.-
Qarsojr ¦ -.:;.'-.:-. 2&;XS'{ ..«.--; S4- /'-NE- ;.- ."Clear-;-- :¦; iWi"
f »**»?.-". V*; ; ..''.-.I"* JO'llTii - ; ;«0:.;W '.-¦ ."Ctear"'-'- ¦' -"00 ;
.FV>«i».:.v.-?pA.ro;;-,;».f J .-.- ! J4'.;;:-pvv :-'<?jear""- ;;i - ; 'OQ"
Jndyp>adeB«>-';2aJ. : »w": >» ;et;'..'f Er". ;'C"lear' : ' ; i00 :
Lof-^A"wS;-l.^'.rX»;.»^;.-.-7»r-. M-.PW. /:c:eaf :/¦:,: Oo\
V;'* J ar::^: 7 ':-a.!Ur.i::> j • >k. -.;>:'«. -; c-f;- '. - : "cieai' - : " 6o""d
Nor»-h- Heiad- : ; :,v 1 ,-i :-;-.-r^-: ;r:' '.-;:.-.•. - --: ; t : I
P-h.uMi^f'..r^.r.'2ST:'<^.i0e: : ''"~«V;.TiV":.- ; '. : CT«u ; -' vod:
I-oi'jitsUb-'.." : J2*.'Mt. ;7«-."4S : :,-fV.' :Clear ' - : ;"t--
Poriiiand' :¦: .:'¦.•'.-:«' ,'f»>-. ; -72'-; Civ >-\y- jcieir -"- OO-
Point., Rey'e>.;.a>.7K:-.S^.-. 4S 1 . : .N\V"-- ; CJ*«r :¦' "'.-' .f>0 ¦
V.jA •B<pif.:%-p>X.(fl<JO , : 7* ':^f- :; . , : -Clw •¦" :00'
R«f eburg ; -,v . :<W.|fiO.'. K0"..":4S ..-.»*¦ -." Ccieif • '"": . W
F^.ramerrto ;.-.2»-.-0: IMS.'.eii^SV r . Clear ' '¦ 00-
Fait UaH«-:- .2SJ.S0.' iT4'.'-:-«0.v N'W '.".CJe-ar '.'- ".C03
6an" e irr»"neasco.*2iic%2'. r,S"»52 " • -W'' ./v-c-iear''" ; " D0 :
S. L:. O.b'iepo...-2».*8S: J2r. 48": -W- ; .tlear - : ;00
P«^i ..t>>jro «V.M:SMi .C8:-.-«(J-.-;pW-.VCl«tr- ¦ :«>
S*sxUe -..."-./.. 3ft-..}§ C« ;- 54;. -TT' .pt;cj<Jy 60'
Spokane .-. .:;.2>'.92..-78;."C2, W.,' vcio : u<5y- ';00'
Tatoo*h^ ":*¦... S0.*.6 f.6 "-60~. SW " ¦•-"¦Ciojj«Jy" : -"''-or
TiaUa Wa::a.2?«k84" S2."-r;6.','w".' '~&&r, > " ; t i
Wir.r/mucca«'.23:B2. "RO -^8'.; >TW .. Clear-
Yurpa : --.4'-EW-; % -C.!yar: .'^.Cfl.
WEAT HER-"' : cbNblTI<3NS' A-NS 'GENERAL -
• '. .- •-.-* '. FORECAST.'"-. ¦";.¦'.,.-.". :".O- ;"
•The^ xrrctss&rjc *-ha«; fiiiefV.'SlowJy. 'sLjong fa»-1
«-c»ait. O^-er the Rrjcky.^Ioiihtalh region • there;'.
T;aV*b<»r^i« fi.rsarktd 'rise. " • •'. -•;•'. .. -..•,-•¦"• ."i
¦ The 'jeatbci-ls reaeral!r*fafr,bver..the entire
.OuunflfT wr-*t j-f 4 V e Ro<*y Mountain*'.". T'.'
• 'i'htr'trnperaiure has, risen in'^he- great A-al-
>v* o?* Cailfprhia tut It is nearly stitionarr
atons*'tn&> coejt. .In 'Utah'thej-e. has been..a'
fall of frcnv C to 18 degre>s. . " .-/• •.:.•.'•-•
. Forecast nyide ,«4 San Francis'co • tot thirty.,
tiours. .riaiag midnight. Aurujrr I :'. -¦ . % • . - •
Northern CitJIforrla — Fair^ 'Saturtfay;. 'con--.
xirw^i *ana wc-ather in the interior;, light
northerly ' wind* itiajjd : fresh weeterly. .winds
un tlte c-iaiEt., ..*.," •• .'••¦• ".: •" ".'
Southern Cfciifomir— Fair Saturday; Ught' #
' eouthwfst wind. ' "*.•-..- •••
Nevada— Keir; w'anner Saturday. ..•• •;. .'.-•.•
Fan -Frorfisco and vicinity — Falf Saturday;
tight nons wirfd. ohanrfhg to brisk westerly. '-' •
« • ALEXAft'pER G. McADlB; ' . :
•• Uistrict Forecaster. ;
.Fruit and-'Wcaihcr Bulletin;-
Tor the tweatj-four *houra .endlnr 8 P-',P»-..
:: ¦'. meridian uitic, San Francisco. July 31 : V
iTTAT«C-*S« •*•'.• ft3 • . m ' * 4.
Olox-erda;« .....9S 63..:!. near" •....:' -.
Coluea .-...;.. OH.-'rAf- . dear- •*. :...• ..
Eureka ... ". . '«0 &4 . ...'. .Clear" . SW'- 16
Kr*-isi.>/ l'»*. "-trw. ."..'..*• Clear*' W Lt-
Henford • .'!«>. W; ... ..". <Tear „ ,.
Hollister ...'..'. >"7';45;-..... Clew .^ W • .-..
Independence".'. 'M. W .":.:.• Clear. SE. &
King City. :..s. tti 4:» • f ... .-Clear . .N. /Lfc
Livermore ' : l«S»"t2 •...•..'• Clear * ...." ..
Los Angeles..'.. 78 . 5<j ..'.'.• Clear ; BJ*' " ">
Nfmman '-107 *«» ...'../-clear . . *. ..
Ptltrmo 104 r<.7 ..-...- Clear N • .-.
Portervnie ..... 03 <« ...I Ctoar '" NW ...
Hf<i Bluff low 7<;;..."r.. Clear. .JM • tA
Htvermde :..:. «<J "¦> . ;•, crwir • -. .
Hacrcmrnto . . . W? <^» •..":.. clear* -I? <J
Fan Diego .. «* «•»....:,', Clear EW..- C
.W .'.2 :...- Clear W .SO
Ran L. Obispo. 72 4* ..... Clear W Lt
W«nta Maria... 72 t2 . . . .-•c'lear • W
fiar.tn Rosa «2 43 ' '¦ Clear "
...... »4 «4 '.-..; -Clear *
-".-w. i» 71 ... clear wf -.;.»
3 Nezv York Stock Market.
i ¦: ;\ NEW YDRKv July : ,S1.—^th:e .tradtpg:in;."stoc.ks
: • became :, extremely': apathetic..- to-day:; and fat
j ttmrE.the. dealincF on the. floor:. were no. more,
j than ".' nornsiu; '.The •.undertone vras :nea>-y, ; but
j the 'price ;movem;eht. was,; very. : : harrow , arid
j uncertain; ; The' recent weakness , ; in, Atchisbn:
.' *ir ; supposed to-be explained, by the; statement
1 of -June, net earnings showing a jecrieas* -*qinj* .
!-; pared. .' with: ..the ; June ; of , *641';395.
i .An v";oIfli^ai.,.---e.xi}res'sioh.":;'wa.s.'-''MdTOV'/.-tMt;:--jthe'.
j ; heavy costs .of : the.' fldods were/ accountable
-for-thep^r ¦showing.; :>The "bears;, who -have:,
been Belling the -stock: shcrt, cea«o.l to operate
"'; on' that Bide of: the market and cavyred. :?The.
-¦¦ rally in ' Atchlspn relieved the" ¦ market of . yesv
I terday'e principal, disturbing factor and checked
, any . general : downward ~ tendency, but the ; de^
• mand became : . very : light and the.; rnarket : was
i serr.i-Etaemant. -The determination.-. to. keep put
: of. the .market 'wajB'.pa'rtry'.iue 'to.the ¦'lssuiice;;
bf :.a> circular by' the Hock. Island dlrectbrs.
I; asking ;•'. for : authpfity': to., ; Issue.; & ; $250. 000,000;
refunding j and , unifyi.ng-". mortgage.;; .;. This .'is
: a . ipbr.firrnatipn of -many. rurriOrs. ¦•which- have
. .circuiated:, lately' without . i^-eiVir.K >-}de cre- ; .
; tJence: .. ; The weakness of the: 'stock yesterday
¦': wa s ¦ duetto, those '.rumors' and;, it rallieo:.t6-day, : ;
J indicating'.'' ¦:' that yesterday- s , selliijg- . ; was ' i pr
r the short accouht. ;-; • The ; prbpoBed Issue ' Is.'.-' a.';
, puMle to '.Wall- . etreet; vin'yie.w- 'of., the' fpresen.t:
j condition of '-. the 'i»^e'uH.t'lw.'--in'arke't:'.-'>;'.Mone'tary";
: conditiph*: retained yesterday' p vrt-laxa tlbri . and
i":prellminar>'- firure;* indicate:-. a ' gain .'by ' the,;'
E banks- of . nearly:-seveh -million,.. : ;The: payment.
of the. : Peiin.*ylvania"it loapiis :expected :tt>; sh9w:
". : .tn '.-.t'brmbrTG'Wfii .¦-bahk."^statement; '.-but"-: : the;'.;pjur~.
, 'ch'kse . cf Evansville: aisd 'Terra: Haute. arid; the'.
i; payment , of /.thfe Briai- -$5,0iOO;.Ou0^ on ; - ...the .'Inter-:
j;natir>nai- Mercantile: .'--Mariri«;:Und('r-iv:ri"iin*:/'and'.
;r.of ; : $3i5iDC,00u, on : the JLoulevlile and; Nashyille?'
v.'bbnd -.- underwriVlrig tnay .: cbiripflcate : : the i' Ipan-
I jt^m of -the banks. . • ' .' . •
I :'.,;T.he. 'Pomihai;e«iseVin the .time loan ;niiirket..
cee!ii.ed;:tp-.. ; be.' -pfirtly: due to. the '¦'... light : demand
ifbr.ifiirias,:;- arid ¦¦•.. : tKJs.;....ih;;.'-turn'::'apvs'.'-.''-noVv\frffe':.
•<• the' -stock '¦"¦.¦•niaJrket"'.- 'from'.- : evidence', of- fprced::
liquidation :.:. in ;.:'*pbtSf •;". Ye.Bter;day's'::>Jrtrj;trie:
:;'wt*kn'eks.'-iri sorr.e ; ..of the^ specjallits revived
' 'bonje';- '.fears ¦;. of mpney .- trpublegrin'.: tOHjiy's:
: if.arket-'aiid -.'helped ¦'¦; to: -.paraiyzf. .Oie;;Vtradirig.;
;;Th* ; .«ryggle,.of;"thf-; C.'or;» -!jdat>.d -Laki ; Hupe'r.lor:
.Company.:. --t'o: "obtain.: -".?'ubscr'ipti.ons'-. : 't0'.-'i-its / ;:..bbh<l-:.
b JTfTlrig: -,««; accor^d - a it "en t i on 1 -' " f.b f : Us ¦ spps-; :
¦>ltl«vVe«6o;Uii"-.'.-thy-;::iitb"tk'.^Warket-';:'-! St.- .Paul's : .
: rrod«;fate:. decrease; . iri June -. net: .earnirigs; : and:.
"•t'Sipn.'. ¦¦¦¦P.aci'fi'e'.' ; s,';m.oderate. ¦'••;in'c¦fe'aB^-¦'¦¦|i»etn!pdi•^to¦ ; ¦
: ' be.^-'^u.aliy .'-.'' without- :.'eirec.t':;Tpn;;'--th.5S»;';-:'.-BttJckSi';.
.The :¦ weekly;" statistics . . -of -grain-', expert^ TCpri-'
"firm "the hope 'of : a rgbpd ..foreign-- qejhind • for:
• 'wheat: : -.trie;;;;sr!iprcpnt« ri?inF';.r.09;J.'.r> bushels
'byer - those • of^ .the '¦¦.¦' pr'ecedirisr... "week.-, but -.the
:eorn'. exipbrts. have .fall.en .off ." r>27;mK). byShelB;
y't 'o"r> the; ""s'irne rrio vem<»nt;.;- ' The : day ¦ s- •lnoverne'rit:
:pT;';pri^:;: ; w.e;re;;::mbiftJy:-lri8iffnlfic-*ri/' ; New.
'York; rCert'ral -..was '-forced-' dpwij- -over;: a'
¦¦ 'bn^'renewied: ; rumbrs : ' if : hat ¦¦"¦¦¦.¦;• .b^nd;;.-:!'-™?;'-'*,":'
vp^nd.lrigtp.^oyiSe.fbr^te^i.riil'l.m'prc
'¦ » United - i States' ¦::;'$'teel r: " preferred -,Waa .¦•notably:'
..'heavy.' .- The* "iocal.;' traetiphs.' .made'.ad.vancif'S:
. «ndr:Amilgamated .Copper' .rbseX a point : ever
•-last' night." -None'of thei»e '. charijtesv was .ma'inr.
- talned: and the .market ; clpeed 'dull; tind h.eavj-i
.;•:. -Bonds- -\" .were,- -.Irregular: '•-.'; : Total'. ; 'pales;.' ,'parv
ralue.-:- $i;450.000.-.;:'. : i:. :¦•: :;.: .:¦.;. •"¦¦^- : '\>'-:-;-.;,,;.'v'-;'
..-'/• -USlied "^^tes.-^n^;-.w'ere : ;iiaci«^e'd;'pp-;c)i^l:.;
-. '- N'ETW'YORK 5TOCK LIST;
:. Stacks—' ¦ ¦ ¦ : ' ".'••sies/^-H.igft'^'.'-iio.w.V.^CJbs.e^.
Atctjitoh "¦¦¦ •^••'- vi ¦'• "• 54,700 '•." : -:c3i.i '-:y : G}K; -:-;''C2%V
: 'At'chisonpfd'. :.....' 5.t>00 : :'.:8»/-... ; •|;fe8«t.;;;" i b8'H-;"
V--BalUmbre/*-':'phl'6.v-'i^j-:; : : 'teHf^'M'?(iV : -.:. 8 3'.VB-?
•BaLt & Oh-io pfd. '.-.-'¦ %260 '-." '86-: ¦-:.¦: .&59n ;¦;• •'. -85%:
Canadian 'Pacinc^ . - ; '6OO;; 123 'f; i22%: r ;M22\%;,
: Central;, of ¦¦N-'J .¦<::- : : -'^y\0'-/: : : ;ieiihi< ;162:y-;
Che«' <fe Ohio ¦¦¦.;. .;vi : 1.300 ",32%. ; 32^ , -S2V4
-Chicago •'*'- Alton '-;. . - ¦ ;;:200 '¦' J.22, :;"' .21%/.'-" 2t^ : :
' Chi- & '-' Alton;- pfd .-.::/.:: •-.-¦ -u- , .<¦ -v> ;¦>. .'•:>, ¦•:;' 64 .
-Chicago & Gt-W.en- '-500:. -15^.-.' .15.1, - : .-15?4
-C "&-G -W-B pfd:.-. ¦¦ '•¦ 1CK*. .3214 - 32% - "'22 ..
Ch'icago- &\ N'..W, : . •;..'..:.•. -..-....-;-;-: .v;V"- : 105 r - ;
: Chi :.Term % Trans. .100- Tl'/; jit. ! : W%
¦Chi.T'& T. vfi.i.i '¦ A(X> i9Va 19 : /1S%».
•ect't e.t Loufs:; .1.106- ;7i!4- "7i .. 7m'
-Cblorado'Southerni • 600" ' 13?* . *:13%; : is%
rc6iq go . 1 st .pfd; i . ; ". " loo ¦:-6i%'\- .51 .% ¦¦¦ 6m;
C0T0 so" 2d- pfd- .....;: :-i ;.¦;..':.. .-..'... .,.•.'¦."•„,.• -21 %-"
' Del. A"Hu<Jso.n v':! : '¦¦'. 200 .:i64".: -- 163 H r-t «3 :,:"
Dei Lac Jt:. A "West.. ...,.;-:. ,v..;. .;.-.. ;2*0,-
Denver A/Rib-Or...^ .•....'¦' >.Vv : -' •;-",:.; ',23%
Den"-"4-' Rio Gr pfd.. 100- 78^..• .'78H -78; -.
• EHe--:.-: :> .'-. . : ,v:. . .: ": 6.500-.., 2»»i -:'S»% ; :. -2»M
¦ Erie 1st pfd .. : ; ; . 44 J00 ". : 67 U ."" MM v J Cff4.
Erle-2d:pfd::..^ ,.-;.• 500.. 5OV4 - ; ; •*» H . : '49^.
'Ot"Nftrthern.j)fd ¦>>¦"• /••..•:¦:...^- : ;.:'.-. •¦• 170 •:.'¦
.Hocking? Valley' .;...;.'.;.. i.i'.'.. ;;...¦. .73 ":"•
.Hocking- A r al pfd- V. .- 100/ 82%' 82>f. "82 •".
.Jlli.nois:"Ceritril- ,v. . V 500 : 130 M2J9% .-129%.
: Iowa '.Central' -,". ;:-.. :.:.".-. .-..•.•...•' ..;.. -18-"
,100 "34Vi ¦ 3*K ¦- -S4V4
.K C'6outh«rri i7.'i *i;iV :•-....'..•... ...22' ¦
K C.Soutbern pfd;- • 100" 38... 38* 89 '.-
Lo'uisv *'.NKBhv.: .-' 'l.'800..104Vi' TO* '¦¦ 104%
•Manhattan -L ...... - 4,000 : 134- 132%- 132%
Met" Street Rail wy. 5.8(X> 121 lift ; 119
MlBsmirt- Pacific '. ;. 6.100. -98H ' "97% • -88U'
Mis Kan's * -Texajj . ¦' -4<K>- " -.19% ¦ .194 ' 18«4
M " K- ¦&. T. pfd. :„ .-.-¦¦ .1,000 -. 39 - " .38% ' ' 39
N- "R'-R .of Mex • pfd ' • .300", 3SH • 38 . '. . . 3754
.NY. Central ...,..."17,500 121- 119% 120
.Norfolk i West.;. •" . 200 I; 62% - (32%
Nor'i West isfd-.i ...'.-. ¦ . .': . '¦...-. 85'
Ontario & Western l.ZOO:. 22% '22% . 22H
IPenhrylv'ania . ;. . ." 16,000 124 .- - 123V4 1J3H •
P C C- & Bt Louis." : 800 . 63H ' .61 ¦ " J 62H
Reafl/ng" ........... .9,000 49% 49 49
Reading -1st j.'fav ; . '..-..-. -. % -... • ...1 86T4
Reading 2d fird...; \- •" ...... ..'.'. "6? •
Rock Island, Co \ ;'.= 10.100 .. 24 % 23% U%
Rock Island Co. pfd ¦ ' eqp' 63 -' C2%' ' 62V4
Ft L & San Fran .. -.-...-. : . . . • ....*¦ 56V4
8 L* F.F lfit pfd. '..'... -...".' .:.. 60'
S L & S F 2d pfd.; '. .400'. 50.-' ' 49.% 49%'
8t'Louls8.W 10Q 14 . 14. ."14
-Pt. L B W'pfd..,.. -..;..- ,... .... 80%
et Paai :¦¦. . : .;. -;. :. . 8.soo 141% • ui 141%
fit Paul' p'fd'. .¦.".'...-..... 171
'Southern Pacific . 13.500 '44%- '43%' *43%
Southern Railway. 2,600. '20% 20^ 20%
Southern Uypfd.: 1.000- 85 " " MH'* 84^4
Texas fe Pacific. -.- 300' 26' 25% • 25%
Tol St.L'A West '¦ ¦ ' .:.£ 20.
T «t L & W pfd..- .100 -29 . " 29 • " 29U
•X'nion Pacific ..... 19.400. 75% 74^4 7414'.
fnion Pacific pfd.'. • -1O0 .85*4 '85% 85«-
Wabash '.,. .'....,.,.:. • 100 21% ,'21% " .21 &
. Wabash' pfd "...... «00 37»I -.'; 37 .:• • 35 '
Wheel & Lake E:. ' 100' ' 15V4- 16^. 15 .
"Wisconsin Central.. ¦' ¦ 700 "18.. 17U L 18 ¦ '¦
Wisconsin Cen pfd.' v tOO-. "37% ' 37%. 37%
•"' Express -Cojnpanlcs-r . . : ¦¦-.'. . •
Adam*..". • .;..-• .."~".. •'....•.¦ 221 •
American -....*.-.-. :v l -»,..". ...,". 180-
Vnlted- States. „..:.' "....'.• -.... -...:•• 6S - •
w>n»-Fanro .;-. :.-...-..: -."..; '185.
MUrellaneous'— " ¦ . . .,--.'¦
Amalgam Copper*. "6.100 .41% 40%- 41 U"
Awr Car* Found 1,000 33 32%. 32%
Atner Car & F pfd- ft*) 84 . fH ¦ 84 •
Amer Unseed Oil... . 200 ' 9U 9\C gu
AmerlJn Oil pfd.. .".„ .-,. 30* 4
Amer Locomotive — ' .... .. i&u
"Amer'Locto pld. *..'-. 100 S3% • 83% 83%
Amer Smelt A Ref. 200 42% 42% 42T,
Am Smelt & R pfd. 700 80% »0%. »0 ...
Ariwr Sugar Ref/.. *0O_ 11s nr.ii iiku
{EAsjrM^M : 4J^ms^
'-""., 'WEATHER' ;ANp;,feR0P '00JJ : pJTl6K"S,f.:"':V
¦'¦ Har.ford-r- Peaches. ¦'-¦ ripehihg. .' ..fast..:, '.;.Re^ort : -
'^rora-.w-'heit • growers'- excellent.' .- i: .- "'.',¦"¦¦ ;:;' ¦';':-:>.".'•¦
.. ¦'¦ :: H^UF.te^Ih.f'"M^e':/'.occbaT^^iu|jpttDiW^I'^Mi'
.be*ri'sn;-p,i.cked.':'-.-,-..-.;:,- ;' i^'-Jy. V-/ ¦' ' ='¦ :' ¦': .'i'-- : i' ,: : '
VCaiasi^Prunes. filling, but ' nicely-'; large crop. ¦
.F^ir v ..(Erop:'-;pe'*cttes,-'*Ylp|en.lnif...tapldly;--''.' - ' "'•.; '¦'¦" '¦ ." - -
- • Wlllcws-eWlnter:.' sown -. wheat/ .about half'
. : .Crbp;.':/''. J :'"'-'.'.£.V 1 '"- '•..".:¦'''.¦'.'.¦-•"•.." !\-.r .'¦'¦-:; "-..-¦¦- C ' -\ ¦'¦¦';-' s~ ¦.¦¦¦ :i
: Santa . Maria^Su«ar -.beets:: yielding -.heavily,'
with. Vfxcel lent;.' : sugar . percentage..' •; Grata- '.-aha .
b>an» ..unc.hangfd:.'..-"-:' "-:¦".¦ ¦¦>•'.¦-.-; :* ;•.-' .'•".:" ; ¦¦-£¦¦-¦.
• Cloveraale-^Sweetwater. gTrapes aimbst ripe; : :
LlverrnoreT^-Graln- yield; very; variable:. ¦ •': : ¦
.•;..^^ Palermo— rWeaiher -faybrable. for \all crops; : :
• -Etpckton— P.ears-;"cbntiniie 'to 1 -drop; .not as
• : large-. as -expected;:-,-:-:^ .:¦:::.-:¦;.>:';-;: .'.: ::.:./¦ : : -:-/j : :.:
'.'; ; ;":V--.'" • : '-:'-r:A i : ' G - *icApiE,'- : .;Section"; Direittbr. "
. ¦CHICAGO.- July ¦31.— Trading-.; in', wheat wa<
¦ only moderate and: the. market oh.the •: whole.'
• . was : Inclined': to. ¦weakness, .with -. prices -quite'
.'¦ erratic. \ the>arjy.; rnor.ninB.' liewsvwas -of a
• ¦ rathp'r. -doybtful :.character. and '.bpeiiihg 'prices.
; were - a bou t ¦ .steady, . 'September ' belnp. 'a -e.h'ade";
; VtO' : i. # ttM f . i) iKfier . at '• "9 Wf @79^.q:. . .- There^was.'
..; iriuch.'.BelliriK 'v.ft. Fsiir<» , at;, the^ :etart,:.du*. partly;.
¦'.-.'tD'."- the-, fact ."-thut ' . n-r-fipt*" at :S.t:- Louis'- were-f6r :
•¦ the first time thi»:year, largerthan: a year, ago; '. ;
¦ ,and'. partly £o;.t'he fact that.. the> majority v .o.f.
' J-traderti.'-^ere 'on'.the I6iig-6idfi, with' many vwiU--'
:¦¦ :lng..;tb" take; pFpnt?. ¦ .'Aft.er. rul.lhg :wea"k. lor.aj
time',- the; ' -market firmed up' pn'-- renewed'. reports'."
:'¦ of ; damage ; in. the North west, ¦ but f u'rther- llq'ul
' 4'at'i:6fl.:6p6h; ; .c.arri<'d:. r.ii".ices.;;off : ..aga.ln.';>ThiB; : ses-'
' ] sloii 'was.=.marked -by: tfiesc adyarices. , with. sub- :
'. sequent/ 'declines, -jintll .: the {last ('half": hour,
. ; when- :. : hea;vy .:.• reallzin ?¦ . " carried . : prices - td .-.' the '
.'. bottom notch, ¦•'-'September. Belling .down' id ¦ 78%ci"
'•.The'tlose wajj at : .7.83£§7.S?sC,'a net loss of :%c
; for- the .'diy.,- ¦':¦:¦•.",¦ '¦.•¦[. '<¦} >': • ;¦ " • ' "' : ; .¦.'.. : ¦;';''¦'¦' j>
. .:- More ..rain .Jnvthe'.corn-v belt caused weakness'
. in .. tha t : - grain, • and • although there,v was' • ?air
iBupport -at t'lmiPB frpmi : lpcal. traders- and. comT-;
: mission ;hbuse>, : ; the.- market, failed to; re'epphd ¦
to.any gr^at;extent to' this "demand-: 'The plose
was weak,-, with Septernber pff%c..at 52Hc;
.':. Oats.: for .July ; delivery; ta-iled to produce' any
exbi tement . -. ta. th"? 1 " pit,' the '. squeeze ." which .had
Ijtsfl:- In-;, .progress- for .some- time having, appar-'
• eri.tly beftn ' abandoned. ",a'tfd . 't.he • price- pf that
: "commodity ; dropped': 1 1. H c .during -.the* day,- clos
tnR at .33 14 c; , .: Other , mon.th!i :. ruled weak;. : in
sympathy-with, the decline in other grains,, and
j : Septeri-.ber' closed ¦%<: flower -at- 3394c: '.'¦¦"¦ . - ¦'.
¦ • Provisions .ruled weak, 'in' sympathy with; a"
declinn of 5c to 10c .In the "price of hogs and orf
selltngriby putslders ekrly, ' followed- by/ selling
by small .i>ackers; aiidbrok-ers.. The -close was
weak.' -^September' pork; being, down. 3.0c/' lard
. off '65c' and- : ribs. 15c lower. . ¦•; ... .";••. ¦• ",:. .-."-¦ ¦••. :
-The leading futures, 'ranged as' follows; '' • •'.
VArticles-r- "':•:; "Open". "High. :Low. Close.'
:•:' Wheat -No.:' 2V :'::¦'¦¦ - : :•;¦•;.;: :'*:. .-":-.: '•;.'-.;: -¦"•¦-' :•;••'
•; July.;. (old ji;: . .: v i-79% • ;-;-79% ; - : 77% :] ¦ 7-^
July- (new)". '..:.;. ¦¦ .".79 •• .; " 79.V4' ~ : .77.1,4. : ;."• " 77-U"'
¦= .'Scp'tem'ber .'<"ca'd) : ; ¦ 7ff"i .: v-TflT^, . ' 7!J • : 79 -
:¦ September, (new)'. : .79% ' ;¦" '. 79% • • ¦ 78% "'¦- 78%
I :'::Co'rn -Nb.-Sr^-. ¦-. •-'¦¦¦...•.¦.. ; -.'-"--.-- ;'..:• V; :\ -.¦'-''¦";.-'• ,...':
•..May:.;:.:::..,;:.;'; •. %2V 1^ ¦ . ; C2^-- :-" !>X%\ .:, :jsi^.
: .July: : :.:..¦. ..,¦::-. ;M4; : v MH'.- -.:51U:' ,.'mi;
• .September ; : . . 1. -.- :52» 4: .-" : v.52% . ; *52Vi •''¦>. ' 52-Vi
-;. :t>eeem,ber ¦;.:,¦.¦:.'.••.'.¦ '.:.52',4' : '".-; . 52%,.". ..W^'- ,.":.-" 52% "
¦ • ••> ¦.'Oats-.No; 2-rr-^ ¦;-,;;.¦ ""..- -,".;•'¦': :-¦•-••. •-:¦; ..'--."'.;
. J.uiy ;>;.:¦. r.: .•-.,• VV .42- :: ..:43\i;V •'•',; 33-W; *-=l-i^44'
: September ...:.:- M% y • ; : 33 %•"-;¦ 33T^: ;. : aZ%: :
:} December ;:.:.-'.,.: -': '3.4 .%•.;,.--; .34 «i .." '34% . ;¦ 3.4'H,:
¦ May .>V.... :::..: :r!Hw,.' 3tii!ri"'-.',: 36. •¦¦:% - 36% '
-h-.Mess Pork, : per. -bbl^--'-; '.¦"¦:'. : ¦ : : ¦"¦.-•'.:¦" •'¦'..- -.vii' -
September: : .; ; :W 60 ' 13 -80 ; ' 13 .60 . : 13-60:
; Lard.^er loo.ib?^; '¦.'' i :< -.¦ V'V £: :i -¦-;-: :::;.:
1 Peptpmber. ;: ...; 7: 80- -'¦ ..7-; R7;»4'-' :¦ 7 77 ?4 : t 82%
j. October : :••: . . . .-...' J 7. r > ¦¦ .- -7.:'75 : .-. '." 7.65 • ¦ •¦ "' -7 65 -
T 'Short': Ribs;" P|er : -lM;ibs^r : • :. •: ' ' ¦ ; ' : ¦•:¦,¦.¦;•.
;J September . . ..vy 8/O2V- - : S'.OS- - " PS' 7 J)7%'\
J.October. :. : .;^..;7^: :¦' -'.T : 87.%' ; . ¦$ ,82% -.7 -8.7'.%',.l
jfj ;Casji quotations : were-'.^ as ".: follows r : FlQUT."
--steady;; . Nd; .2- spring > ; h'eat.- .'80@81c;.. No.' 3:.
.-..: imsdc:. .No- :2 red. 7-7 \J 670^;. -No;. 2 cbro; Cl%:
':-. ®53c; Np. ~2 yellow,'. 52 Vic;:; No. '.oats'. "83.%g"; No::
. 2 wh"ite.v S5S37C;. No; 3. wjhite.v 3j@35c;. !fo:- 2 
¦•'¦'ir^^.-S.l^rWcj-'^gp^/.'jeeafng-v.fearleyi..-. 32©40c;"'
. fair t6 choice ¦nialtittg, 37.@5&c"; "No, .1- fiaxseeil;
•93c:- No,; 1: : : Northwestern^.97c: vprtme/timolhy
..." "seed.. "?3- 40; 'mess-; pork,, per ¦ , bhi; ; : $13 ."37^a : - i
'.'¦I i% 50i- Iar4.- per 100 "ibB/.^-eoej; 62% ; short
•ribs-; sjdes" (16osel; ; :• ft. '.5rt© 7 ¦' 55:; ' ;• <j ry ; sajted
' shoulders- (boxed);- -?7- r>Of/7:t^ i: 'j;-ehort- -'clear
¦ : K.ides..-.('boxed).."- "*8"25'a8: 3.7:%>: whisky.;" .basis ¦ of."
'. : '-high". wines," $1^3.tt;'.cloyer,v contract' grade, 1 -fl2@.
yi2;-5o^-;;;' ;.;>.> ;. ;.;.:[;-'r;'.--;:---''-.- : '-v. .••..-;•; ¦•¦;¦.,•••¦'.,:
..-1 "• •¦Articles-^ 1 .; " - ...: ";."¦; ¦/.; .- " : --.- Receiptf;. • :" Shipment!":'
, ¦', Flour,- bbls » ,..;.. .^ . ¦."'! 7,4f»0 *' - -.- ;: 10,700.
•IWheitv-btt' ;-. i".'.'.'. .;.j.:'.'^.v',:. ; r ':-,3l:;800;--f- :: : : i93;700i:
¦ ¦ Cprn^:bu..- :..;i. ,-.'.i--r.'.\..<.-j'23 ii "8T>0;: : : t : v.: 12'7'.S0O;
r! ; pats,%bu' :-.... ;...:;^.-.....:v307;400; ; - ¦ : 352i4'00:;
¦ : . Ryev:bu^v. ;:.'.. v. .;>¦. ;' ; ,. :¦.•.:.;:. 8;-0WV.'> ; lO;8«*>'j
; T BArley..bu : ¦>;.:¦ v:>.V; Vy.\::. ;^15;4OQ >,;;:-¦;^^epO^i
. 'to-day;: the ; butter ; :j
: . market-. "way Steady; crearneri*-^,' l4fflS%c;:'dal-'-|
jcheese, steady, 10%@ll%c.
" Foreign Futures.
I . LrV'ERPOOL.
-f'-vWl^at—^'. :;:"v'^-;;j;u'iy^,' : - :i Sept.:'/-'.' 1 "•.¦'. : '.n">c..-' 1 - :
¦I Openfng ; v;-; ..V :,.'..':^'i . ¦•• " '.'¦¦ ' -.«• 4^."--"- ; .;" " ¦ "tt"..*^:-'
:;^ Closing;.:'.,;.. iv.,.^....'::;.-.::;..^'.*;^ -.:•'; \6.3»i':
:j >:'5-:^^; :^Vw;^: PARIS. . , " - •
>:¦:¦ WJieat^ ; ;y-.". ; :' : < ¦>''"'". ¦r-'"'".-.'J.»ilyi-. .''--¦ Nby.'iFebl:"
• '.Opening. >g ;¦,;....¦•.*¦:..",¦; . >> . v. ; 2«5: ; 2o;; ¦ •- ¦<: •22.-:5Ov;.y
-teio'suis. V. .. -.¦•;..... ••.i...-.... l 26 : :l5,.' :¦¦ 22 35 : ':
- :VF.loiir^ -¦••"•. "¦' : ' ¦¦¦:".::.; .^"v :^'' : "' ;; ;"'"- ; ' ;: :r:
Opehihg . '. : . . ..i ..'.. i. ,''.-. j . : .: 31 70' ; Tso'is :;.
¦•¦•¦Cl'b"sing.-.-V.."-.-. v ..;,:\.'.'..v.-.'..-".:v.:^^^^^
Nezv York Metal Market: ' -
rrLgndonVweref/eer and- prices wei-e :to.w'er:-lri 'con;.'
j Heijueric*;': jSs /-fftrTSPOt .-"aria "i.Ts".^.- fpr" Tuture's', 1
1 \ the' former " "closing -at": i£;i27'. lOsiand 'futures • at
¦'T"jpt24 .5si--£ The.. local market ..weakened : ln sym-.:
• pathy.Vand .closed- about 25 .points. ofTat : $2S 50iJ:
; .2t»:: ; forvspot-..' i; '^-^x^rji:: -..:;;._=• S;;', -.¦"/¦¦'¦ '-'¦•¦:, ---.. -"T;
: ' ;•¦ The", local ¦ mif.ke.t; ' f or -.'cbpr^r ; rule'd:/duH'- arid -.
- more"' or ¦.re»s-.nomtnal-.:'on;"th> ; :;iisl3ls of •" *13®
; 13' 25, for" lake, .and .electroly.tlcvand. 'ti2;~S/81$y
¦ •fpr:.ca's'ti'hg.: . In" Londow : 'c6pp«r;."was. stekdy.'af-i
: ;;<B87 1,0s. for spot, and: £55 ,10p. f Or' f utirea." " ' i • •
' • • Lead. also showe : dj'a steadier, undertone in the"
iEnfellEh.rnarket,; closing 'Is- 3d higher- at .£li; j
¦The local market eontihued'flrm.'and Unchanged
; at H '30' f or.-:'swit> • ...'.¦'. ''• ' ¦ -':. ¦ . -. .' *-' : - v ¦ I
¦ ¦..Spelter- was undhahged here a"f $5 87% arid '
: JhLd.ndpri.at.JE20. . - .'. • ' ••--¦.>.• . .•¦'•'.¦.' .:.'---v''-|
.- Foreign 'Iron'.- ";" markets 'werf 'dull- and uns'
changed. ; Glasirow' closed .at- 52g> 3d" and'Mid>
dles'bcrQ' at 46s 10d;. :; Locally." prices ar* nominal;
Nezv, York Cotton Market.
':'' .NEW YbRK, • July'. ' 31 .-i-Th e " pptt on f u til res"
market openeil; steady', at- unchanged ¦': prices^'
¦to; an.-a'J.yaiice of 5 % points*. 1 and ruled' Irregular'
¦during, the entlrV. session. .. August' was % twdi
or. three times bid .up<p" 12c-,-.closlnsr af 11.07c',. : .
•a net; decline- .of. 23 points;" while; the new crop '
•.cptlpns lri the cotton- market', cjpscd. af the"
.i -low point of -.the a session •' and shewed a net 1
I decline of from'l to- 6- points,- with 'the except-"
tion of March, .which was l : -pplnt-.hlgher.' : : •'.¦.
•' Eastern Livestock ' Market :¦> '}'¦
¦¦'.¦' . .YO '•• . CHICAGO: '¦¦'-• .•':.-. .
•CHICAGO. .July 31.— CATTLE -^ Receipts,'
30(to, }ncludlii«r 500 Texans. Bteady. Good to
prime steers,- $.5i^r. .%(); poor to medium. $3 OO-i?
. 4 W»:* stockcrs n ; -feeder*. $2 50®4 30; cows,,
"*I 25®<4 35;- heir ' ;*2#4; 75; .canners. $1'2C>@
2 00; bulls.- fi-ti i; .alves^ $2 50©ff;- Texas -fed
steers, S3 50©5..- " • . ' '. . '- . : • •¦
-HOGS— Receipts to-4ay. .2-1.000";. tpi'mbrrow.
10,000: left over. 'SH24: 10®15c. lower. Mixed
and .'butchers., -$5 1005 35; • good • to • chch?n
heavy, $5.25.65 40r rough heaVx "$4- 75®5 15;
: llgh't; f5 304*5. 65: hulk of gale's. .$5 '20© 5 '35.- '
• ; SHEEP— Receipts; "25,000.. 'Sheep and lambs,
steady. ¦' Good to eholce wethers, *3'-«X)^4- »0:
fair", to choice *. mixed, $3- 75iff4 50: Western
sheep. -$3tf3 05; native lambs, $3 25(g6;' West-^
¦•ern-lambK, $4. 50g6. ¦ - ' ¦./.,. .-^ • . *
: . ;. 'St: Louis. WpbPMdtUet. ;• • •; • .
" ST. LOUIS, jujy'31.— WOOL— Steady. -to flrm
medium grad'eB, combing -and clothing, 18O22c #
"light fine, 16IS18C:' heavy.- fine, .l-2©15cj .tub
• washed, 20®29%c.' '-:;"• .-....-•.; ".-,-'.' : .
, .' : Northern Business. ;' :.\ ': '
• SEATTLE.- July 31.r-Clearlngs, $727,720; bal
ances; $344.89?. .••• - - -...-•.•- '
';'-, TACOMX. July .34.-T Clearings; $280,364; "bal
arfceii.'$21,701: ••.- •¦'¦.-• ".-•-*•• ..
PORTLAND. 3iriy. K 31-^Clearlngs. $389 272-
Balances,. $4:j,519: " .' • ..; "-.... • . V
• SPOKANE. .July- 31. — Clearings, $285,650
balahces.-$35.4.32.''" .; '.¦.;-'."-../" ;•' •-.
Northern : : Wheat. Market/:;': *
' '• ' V':. WASHINGTON,/..-; "'• ¦/¦"'
' TACOM A, • WasH., ;. July 31.— \Vheat— Nom
inal." Bluestem, S2c; club, ,78c.". -. . . •
••:.••¦.. '' OREGON., -v ."¦'... :
. PORTLAND. Ore,'. July ¦- 31.— Wheat— Walla*
Walla. 75<S78c; valley, 78@70c- '^luestem,- 78
.-— . ' •:¦." . • - '. ¦ _•
Chicago Grain Market.
Anaconda Mln Co.. ,100 ' 72«4 -72%-. ." 70 : ¦'.
Brklj-n . Rap -Trans; . 4,500 46^ ¦' 45 4« '
Colo Fuel '& Iron...". 200 :46Vj ; "44 . ...44 V
Colum & Hock Coal .300 ¦ Wii ' 14*4.. 14%
ConeolJflated Gas... : .800 • I85.14 184^ 1S5V4
General Electric... 600 Ifi3 162% 160: .
International Paper- '¦•¦ 300 IlIM " .- 10% 11 :
Interntl Paper prd. - .:',>i : :.' ."... i.-.v. -64
International Pump ¦"...¦.¦...¦¦. ..;.•' '.....- 35
Interntl Pump prd.- I-.-.:. '•¦¦.¦,..' ¦.'...;¦ 72 V
National .Biscuit.-: ; . 100 37 . ;. , 37 ¦ - 37. •
National Lead.: .......... •¦.;....'..;•. i3»4.
North American. , . 2,100 76tt '75 ¦': ¦ 75^
Pacific -Mali.-.'.-. ..'.600 ¦¦ 20H ; 20 ' 20'-
People's Oas. . . . . : . " 100. 93% 93% 94%
Pressed 8 teel Car.;. '../.¦.;•: .:;..' ;..." -.44 •
Pressed B Car pfd... ¦;"..;.¦ .-'. .;•.'-. '..¦..¦..' 81
Pullman". PalaeeCar ".-..;-.• -..-./ • ." . .. .' 208"
Republic Steel.- : ... • 500 : 12J4 . 11% 11%.
Republic Steel pfd: 1I.900 65S' 64W 64^,
Rubber Goods. : . . ; . -3;900 \ 14 - 13£ 13%
Rubber Goods pfd;. -¦ -700 • '.- 6€U. 66 :• "65- . '
TennCoal:* Iron.. 1.20o; 3»V4 38^ 39 .
H S .Leather,....: : 300 ¦ 7% .'¦ 7V»'- • 7^
IT, 6 Leather ¦ pfd, ;.•;.:,;¦. . : - ;..:'- : ".'.';-:. ¦ •'" 80%:
U-S: Rubber. ;.,,:.- . '300' ¦ 10 :- 10 -.9%
V S Rubber pfd...: liOOO 88. 35-35
U & Steel.V.:^... ' ia4bo:::24 : 23^ • 23%:
US Steel pfd,,... i ::i0,300 72i," 71% • 71%
l^iJert^Cn^.iv^.i.iOOyy.M ' . ' .84 - .83i§
;. Total, salesv,;;.;. 281,900. share*. " , . -
' UNITED RAILROADS •bF{SA?< FRANCISCO;
-NEW . YORK. July 3i;^-tTnited' Railways • of
ean :FranciEco.. bond .tVahsa'ctioiJis,;. 6000 at 76c.;.
¦¦•-•;.' ; --\V : > ;^OTw : .tork ; ; 'BQ3Si)s;". -V;- ; - ¦'¦¦'¦ "V.-- '?¦ ;
K " :B.\ ref --2s re'g: ..iOG%' i -Penha' '¦. .' . .' «^ .'.,'.. '. '. : ; , . 95-u
.'.;Po: coup.:.;r,;;:.,i06%!gteel .•iv;>>;.:,:.v.:80W
. ;> Do; "Ss : res : ... . j 0.3'*, %, \- Nash; uni 4s., 98% '.
. Do r. 3s .coup. ;.vI07%. Mexican Cen ; 4s.J :72 %
.-•' Do new- 4s : reg:134Vt :M«x .Cen -1st :: in.CJ. : :i7; '
• pa;.new : .4s;c.bup,i35A 8 iMl'n.ri.;.-;t..St--L".4s:^':98W'.
¦: , Do 1 old 4s reg.:.100iii Mo, : : K * .T- 4s:.:.. '96 ¦¦':.
\ Dopld 4si coup,109ia Mo: K&VT'2ds:.>79i4
i Db: ; .5s:-reg i ;:...-.vloi%!N;T ; Ce;n^en3UiS:-95^"
Do ,5s coup . . ,.103 i'N;; J Cen gen 'b*.,J21\ : -
Atchisqii ; gen- . 4r; 99?»! No." Paxlflc •" 4s.:.'.: 7I14
Atchison-.'adJ. 4s.;'88 '¦.-¦ \-Hp : . Padiflc -3s .-...< .-.TOO "•
v Bait .; & Ohio 4s: . . mi . N 4 West' con'4s. :.97-ii :
Bal t ,'¦-&.. Ohio 3 Ws;: 92 ift Reading gen' 4s" . .. 94.W
•Btlt & O conv 4s. ; l6o, ! StL.&. I M' cfon 5s:lII '
:. Canada > gd,":2ds.:.ifir. >9v Li.&:-& -F: 4s:-.;rO6«4 ; :
ifen-or, Ga:.5s.-.-.:la'i',; ?t,;L, : .S;, W lsts.-. ..:.-0t«i". :
¦ .Ceniof'. Gavlst inc. . 7()v. f-S'.VL;fs. : .;\y; 2ds ¦'¦:; ¦:¦ 69
. •¦ 'Ches- ; &:;Qhlo 4 u. s :Wi\^, S : ;A &. " A/P •' 4s ;•¦» ; ' 7.5 Vi :
CM & Altohv3^s-72i«, j £o ;; P»ciflc!;4s;'.:;.:.r854 : '
. C. B; & Q' new :4g.;89,V4 Po ' H>'- 5s . . : . . , i'.J-li^V.
vC..;M.&i5tP.geh J 4s:;i06i4,T.exas.& Pac lsts.114 V
' Chi •& NW. cori.,78.130i4 1 Tol,'St L 4W 4s: 71* -"¦."
.. Ch i;;. R- . i -; & : y ' 4 s : 1 1 v ' v i'-ti 1 d n- .;-Pac-' " is • v ."": C09 % -,
CG C&StL gen 4s -.98 V: l T hton;-P conv 4s:: .93 Vi'
.Cht'.Ternilha!-'4«.- ; '-74.H!-Wa : bash- Ists .. : ."«:0ll6'- '
Colo: ;& So. 4s.. v: ;¦: 84: -jWabash .2ds . ;. M10614
I>enver ¦&.; R G 4s.- 97.^|l Wabash: Deb' Bvi; 60 '
Erie prior . lien "4s. Si'iu, AVest'v Shore'. 4s -.^lOTU
•Erl.e-,gpri.-4s ". .;....: $5>,-| Wheel,&;L. E ¦4s # .' : ..87'' •
: :FtW. &Den >C lst-lOi^ WJa'Ceo, ,4s '.'.:'. .. ¦8iK[:
Hocking Yal 4W«:104 Rbjrk/Isl 4s. v..v.'"84
Con- :Tob, .-.-'."..:..; >67fi' Manhattan ..'. . ". .-.lOO.w
: :.Cblp. F: ':¦*¦; l : :':rf.i.vi3^J:'; > ". : ; .";"".-'.-, ":-"; : ...; i ¦.
;: ; :V'S : ; YpRK';M'lklN(X-STOCKS. ':'-:". ;' ; : : '
¦ Adiams^ConV..::; OS , Little Chief ; .v : :^: : 06: ." ".
[Alice ', : : -.'. . ". ; . . :¦;. : IS. r Ontarid". . V.i . .. . , 6 00 : '
I .Bfeece-i ;¦:¦'/.•:;. '..-15 ' Ophir ..:v.. ;¦'«". : 1 45 "
, Brunswick : Con..' • 04 ' 'Phoenix' . ... . » .'.-;. ¦" 08
¦ Comstock -Tun „' -..OO". Pp tpfel -'.';>> »V,' ; V . • IS ¦ "
1 Con Cal & A'a:,.;.l: 35 ! Savage .'¦.,..:.¦¦. ;.V 12 "-. I
r;Hprn'SHyer ;U;1V 00; .gierra : -'-*N.«v. : .->".-i.'' ' 507 1
j: Iron Silver . ¦. . .1 40. " Small Hopes; ;i';-." 20 •
! -LeadviUe. Gon. -....:,",C2 -¦ Standard <". Cv'.vi.'. 2' QO.;;
"i- : '. : '.- : ;.;' : : "¦ BOSTON STOC'k'S AND BONDS'.^ ; :"'.¦ '-".V
¦' : Money- --' : ,:"'- '; v <', ''¦¦:. : , Westhghse: 'Com... S5 :;¦..
i-Ca'li" loahs"; :-. ;¦;'. -. .\3@* '" Jdinihg-^ '¦ * .:" ,:>.•.;¦;:
' Time Joarir : . . . . vV5.@6. Adventure. V.v. i . .;¦"• 6\i
'¦¦ ¦¦..'- Bond s--r-. : " •"¦ :! ' ¦¦-¦¦¦¦ '..:¦ Allouez.:..;; ;•;... :.v: '¦'¦6- . .
- Atch'fson : 4s' '::.'. .; .97. : Ajrialgamated ; : ... Alii
;--MJe'xica'n.'-.:Ci»h 4s, : "2 \ iDabr : WSst:-. .;.' '.>• .: 36.,- :
j .:-. .Railroads—-. : - '<¦.-.<:¦: ~ Bihgham- v;-,.v/...v23: ; ."•
?¦ Aic'hisp j>- : .-v '..« ..- P2 'i ,<> 1 ume t . ;& ¦ H ; : .430r: . ¦
¦\ Atphison ', prd :>...- S>V*'! Ceptennlal :i.i... : .15 '.: '
• -TioeXiki' & '-¦¦Altiar.'y.24*V '•'.¦|C'opper". "Hange ¦'¦'*'* ¦ : -42$i' :
Boston & ;Maine:V170. ;r>6m Coal .... ...... 90 : .
: .v»6f ton Elf y ¦•..:;.:.; 139 I Franklin >;.»¦.•-. .:. '. 8" : " : s.
..-K^.- : S/;.H-:& ' ."H.'lw.Vi 1 - I^.l.'.-"Royali»;- ¦;;:.-;• .-".•"-C14"
:' Fitchburg pfd: :.:}32.!Mohawk; :..:*., ;."3f?i,.
¦;: rl'hib.n;; Pacific 'i .. 74%' Old: Dom >..V.'«,V.-; ; 'll: ;.-'
'-', riiexicariVCen; "-". .i.-iS^Oscepli; •¦";:¦'..;. .^i.. 50 ¦ ':•
: : -Misceilaheous;-^- ¦¦•-.:..- :| Parrot ... : ii,. ¦.'..' ,19 ; .
: ¦•'Anjer'TSiigar . . . . '.}. 116 .-. Quiricj- ' ,' : ¦«';:.-;'.. .-';.'' 85 ;. '.
:< Am ; "•'Sugar pfd.v.:.llS%f^ahte Fe "qop'.v;-,' '- 1 : :
V : Tel *» ; TvVi:{li>- Tamarack iv:;-;v;. SO - : I
: :.pom /; Iron &. S..:. 11 Vi Trimountaih: *L '. : «-.t«0 ' • j
;: General: Elec;.: :l«l ; : ¦ Tririjty. .-,';.. -v:..> .:¦.".:: 3Vi'-i
V ilass '¦ Elec.. : v'.\.;;: .22^4 United States •>;.-: :i7.»/»' .'
V Mas>i:.'ElP'? t i)fd :: : . >a- vJ'tah.:. .... :¦'.: ,:,..'.,.. '24^ 'j
y-.'Vtaited- Fruit .. . . .i'.«Q: v VtiCtorta'':".-;;.' ;¦.:¦;>¦..: -.'4;- :¦!
|"-t.-.-.'S-" ; Steei:- ,•: :..:.¦ -".^ Wino.nai'ji ..-. .-:;; .'. .V 71* .t
; V S Ste*-1 pfd ...71>« WoUerlne C2 1 -, ,
' - ¦.':¦ '.'•¦: ¦ LaNDOX :^I^PINGVSTiaiCKS^ : ; ; . V , ; v ;.-''; |
i'Cbns'for rnoney ;9i:5-3f;'/Xew> york ; : Cen^ .124% ¦"{
i Cons. Yor"acci. ; . ;M 5- -r»v; Norfolk: ¦¦& -West:. ,.«4% ¦¦'{
• Anaconda -.:-. '.,.-.:.¦ -^% ''A'rPoV^fdv.'v;-. /; . s "".-: ; 8?--'""?j
:'--AtcW'8pn:="''i'"i'vi"."-:-.::;'.64:'."-..!<^itiBj^^^WB»^^jHlTM
i-vDji. 1 pfd'. ¦; ..:¦¦.¦;.'..: ¦¦.',.S»'l 4j FennFytyanUi' ,: :>. 03%
-Halt- k • Ohio. : .-. :: s'5'U' Rand'.. Mines; :-.';¦.. . ; - '9%:-.
'"•Canadian' Pacific. 12K Heading ;....,..: • — "¦ 25% ;
-Chesa &: Ohio;.. . 33Vs : Dp.lst pfd. '.•'..... -ilhi/\
V.ChfGt West:. . .¦'.' .1 •'•'..¦ v Dp 2dpfd'. ....:,>: 33Va ¦
¦ : 'C : 'M' : &:St'P;:.'.-»:145.>i Southern. Ry....... 2L- =';
':'?T)eijpe.rs"'""'.', : .; ".¦.¦".'.¦.¦•¦. 1ft*. -Txj :pfd.-. : : .."..; .-".^ -J
? 'r^nye'c.'ife r r /Rjp:G.-v-".'23:%;'Sputfiere ; :Paelfle.\-;4'5% 1
I v- ' Do- pfd: ii iV. 'i ¦¦ •"¦ SOt-4 Union:. '-. Pacific : ; v : : 3&Vh ; ¦
'•Erie^v^^Vv.w^vV^^r^Do^pfd^":,.^^' -SS-'i- "•'
.]/.f: : Do;;ist ;pfd;'.:<i 'fiSI?8.U:S : SteeI:,:vi.v.:v -24 .H' :
i"^- Do ;-2d? pfd.: ... . .'1 ¦ ' ;'.'.Do- pf d. ,;...- v..','- Ti 1 :,- :
•;'ll»Mois Ceritraf.:.. 133; Wabashvi^v. .-..,. ¦¦22>i:
' ; JUoUis & Nash>..»107, 1- "Dp ¦?«.'.:...".... '38 .-i
M, K & T 19% • '
t ': ". v Bar. silver; eae y,'. 25 SJ-iBd per-. outice: ' Money, ¦ ¦
: 2Mi@3 per cent.: "The .'rate: of idiscdunt In: the- '
T.:6pen';market fp.r ! fhqrt bills ':'. is --2 ,7:-W©2.H-: per ¦!
• ceht : . andv for ;,t.hree/;'. : m'onths"S-.".|)Illr'-".2.i'-.e©.2-'8-10j!
I»er cent.
Bank Clearings.
'¦'¦ SEW YORK.' July: 31>-The following table;
.¦¦¦•c'qxnpi'l«*iv-h J y',fira.aptreet,;.'-. shows.- the'-'bint.-cleair'
irigj aL the: principal, cities- for the- week ended
. : J u ! y '.': ¦>(;.' ' wit h \ the '.' r'f-rcf h ta ge : -- of '..increiBeV arid ;
.(U-rr^app ..;&!- -cpnipared . wivh'rthe'.curfespondiiit; ;
:, : week-.ja.sryear:'---'. .;:'.. \ ' y ; •.:.:. '.': ¦ : . :"." ¦-:: '¦..:-. f" "'.:•-: - : ¦-•"]
• — Per Cent-r }
¦-¦¦¦'": "¦'¦-.' - : ; -.-.: ;¦.¦'•.';•¦'¦•:•¦-::":¦;'.•'.* £'':'j~. : : :;/-:: ;; :?':;inc::...' " : Dec:'i
..>N'ew^Y-0rk/>:; /v:. ; =:$l;2F5;MSv317;: , : . :.'. .";C :-"': i X&Vl
¦¦ •Chicago ::::....::,¦. ¦'¦152;:t«4p..l40 :' ; -> 3 V H. '¦¦¦¦
>JJbet'bh' ¦¦.'-•..¦"; :.;.;•.; .>• il5;353;37^ >".; :.;U;;- ,.'- ; , 2*/
• •Philadelphia' '. i^.^V: 45r9CWjCg2'-, > ' % .-..".u." C- .' :; 9 :5. ; :
i-*Stfv ; Loul8^.v'^vi:'' ¦-; ;45,;Q9«;3O4/.- :7;3' ¦V.-%-.'.i"-\
¦'.rPitts'bu'rg; : .-: 4 > : .:.- : 4s;.2i.o,t28 ¦:: -~ '"'-.4';'4.;-'--- ¦•¦"¦..¦v :..=•:!
>Sah. .Francisco.':,-. :.;V ; 2!J/0&4;^&«-::;V'i9;.5";: A-. i--^.
t*Balilhiore^':.::;v.^:V : '.20"337,l7i-. ¦¦ "i i'^r. .- •' . '.".1 ,i:
/;:•.;.¦:¦.¦¦. ;^2i,542;«b0 : :-: . 17:4 \. : .- ..:.;.'.
i'-Kinsas -Cltyi-. .-.;,:; 20. 755.133 ' 14. 3 .-.,-.¦
¦¦CleVelaiid--.;.v..>. :..¦.•• ;i5:f;t;M;.100 : ¦:¦¦..' ,U,p : '- : ¦:¦',, V: ;
•fMlniieapoifB. ,;»;:; Vi9;411:iltf' ¦¦¦'¦¦ \.;>."-..,; : ;• 7;p
l •NewOrleattsv :.iv. '::wil;338;J6?5*.'' : •¦ i'.-3'i'- v. . ;;'•
|:'Detr6if ; .^v..,"v..V; ¦•."-.-¦:. 9i 104.061- :--v.:;" :.;.";6:i'
¦ •tb.ufeY'lUe';'".'.. ;.'.'V. :> "• '•I«:2tn;558'-' 'A^'6> :r -'^/.-i\\-i: : i
'<¦ Omaha^ -:.?. :.; .V.v ' • ¦'- : :6;&49".C22- ¦:¦: l4.;9- v ." '-. . ;/
1 >Milwaukee -¦ : - -; 6,75W;432 •,:. : '14.3 •:;'.V.Vi
*Proyidence, .;.;.;.;' a . : B,0ij0.»OO ; ,vii'.':."' ¦ " vv.-.'|
•Buffalo -,: ..V.V..: ;-.-6;"tiO4i3S4-- •'. ¦; «V8" : v'v.'i 1
.->8ls'---:PauI;,.v. i .-Vy, : ."¦:¦: ¦ Z-.iVtiOW, ,"^... i-* : '.-.." 5Vl ;
Indianapolis . .': '¦: -."-. "¦ .6.237.075 ¦ ' 221 7. > .: > i\ ; :
Los ¦ Ahgelesi /.-: . : ; - ; , : . . 5,305,740 . : ;3Ti9 .' ¦,...,;..
,*St.' Joseph;.. V.v. . . - 4,125t"335.- •.¦ ;sa:.-.\. ;-.;¦.:
-Denver : > : ;v'.'.';:.j : ,.v:--.'.--' : 4,339,028. - MiCO. ';-.•.'/;'
Richmond- .."..;...'. , r 4.-473.630". .38:8- • ."...:
Columbus ., ;v» .vi " - 4;37li;200 " : .'.- ,' ;•. . . -.;¦ •.:..>'
Seattle;-. ;...>v;v. ¦.:.¦':¦::¦ 4,115.412 ¦-.;.' 27:Srr.V '¦'.;..-•,
.Washington ;./iV.;,. &428.361' 5;0 .- :.:..V
;«Savahnah:. .;..;i- : -=-• 2. 1,42;542 -. ¦.-.// •¦: /.ff.J.
¦ Memphis '.v..".-.i.V .-' -2;294',2S.l '. .22.3 ' - • IV. .-"
Albany :.¦..;..... ¦ 3;6G0,S50." 24i2 - ,.;;
. tSalt LakeVi . '. -:i:. '¦¦¦ ':: 2.330^934 .' ,-.v-. -." •:
•Portland. .Or.'V... -,- 2;e25,175 :•;' -. 34.1 .".::..;.:
¦•Tjb'ledo-,-i."./.-'...'i :.'.-' 3.0S4.415--: ¦:..„': .V./tfift
Fort Worth:...... ::! .2.714.367 ". 7;7 : ..,V
Pfeoria' .V.. .•.vi.Vii"-: •¦\2;853.57T; : : -' 7.7: .:-'•. -:;.-..
Hart.'ord i .i... ;;.;,: ; v2.01-T.783 : . . Ji : 16.»:
Rochester •:;.•'....:¦:¦.- ". .2,I8»',547. : . ¦- .»-. ; .-i . •.-li.S
Atlanta.;^., -i ;>.-^ ¦' • i;952;O0.3- •'¦ 23. 1 / r : ..i ..¦
Des Molpas. . . .. . .- '-.- -.-1;7.4«,539 •-. '•- 6;4 : . .-" .^ .'. -'
XewHaven.i".^..;: •: 1.SO97785 •• 12.7- "' ' s ..;
NashVlHe .;<¦¦, .:.',>-. - 2,p80,475- *¦ 40.6" -.;..;..
"Spokane,-: Wash .>. . • 1.095; 794 :.^r>l .'a' •-'•..'• \':~.i".-
Grand. "RapJa""- '••>•'.;¦ 1.721,280 ¦""-. 31:8: ; /...v.
'Sloe* Clty.'.;-... % . "".- :1,OO9.6J»3 ".'•-•. :; : i-. V ". 11.8 •
Springfield. Mass. ¦ , 1.-302,882 ' •',;.;.. ¦'• ,e;9
Nofi:.olk'..v;v.."...".,-:1. 388.630 • la^?' • ;.;..:i
Da'yion ......•-...•.¦ • 1.568,358 ..-10.5 : "-"- : .,"..
tTacoriia.::....... . ' - 1.C36.244 " . 31.0 : ..;.
Worcester .:...-: ; ..-¦ -1,879,513 v 3.1 '..•-..¦/.
Augueta, . Ga.. ;..-.'.' 693,068 '....-: 7.0
Portland Me...../ . l,3&4,096, . 'C-.4. . ....
Bcrantpri ;.,«.,'.*;«. : 1.440", 402 '.5.9 " ;...
Topeka .....;.;?;•: 1.135,74« . .."..•.
Syracuse ...•/... >i • 1,347,135 .... .....
Evarisvtlle "..*..-.-. -'.. i;012",43tt' ...... ' 4.5
Wilmington. Del.." . 1.M5.190 28.0'. •". '.....-.
Birmingham ..-.--. 1,165.108 - '."21.4" . ,-. .
tbavenport..-.'....\. • .639.582. ;.-.;...- 5.0
Fall Rtv.tr........ -. 547.1S1. ..... -32.3
Little Rock:. ,.-:... . '¦ T96.512 ' - : 1.8
KhoxvtUe V...V."'..:-. • 046.941 . 48.6 • v...
Macon .".'.....,..... '• 474,000 ' .^:. I2".3
Wilkesbarre -....">. , - ' • 46.8.V'. "
Akron '.;:;* ..C55.500 " 16.8 '.....':
Springfield, 111 : . -658,551 •.'..'." u.2
Wheeling, W." Va.. ¦ • 625.410 .. -3'.«-- ,..'.
wichtta s;..:,.-..'. .-.- '. ¦ flQo.ooe ' .27.0 ."'•.;'..
Youngstown ...... -. .556,234 -9,2 -..'...
THelena ....'...'... . .." 853.167 " ....... f*S0v7-
Lexington .:..... • . 424.641 ' .'.".'.: 10.9.
Cbatianooga ¦.>...". 519,708 ¦•.17.4 ' -...-.
'Lowell .: ,....-.- .."137,599 . 3.2 : ..;V
New Bedford .... - • 342.605 * 14.7- ."....-.. •
Kalamazoo •....'•?: • SOO.'flOS i2.6 ..;•.
tFargo. N.-:D-....- .- 345,595 ..... . 1.9
-Canton. O: ., 471.000 23.2* ',..'.
.Jacksonville. Fla. ' '. 298i427. -..-. -. 2.tt.
Greeniburg. Pa*.. " • 431,219' ?..-..;.
Rockford". \U : .. 4&1.165 ' 27.7- '-^..;
Springfield. O. ...'. . . " ..- 829,876. '. . . . . " . 2.3
Blnghamton .»..».' .' . 445.300. 37.7 ' ¦-.'...
Chester. Pa........ " "454,434 -64.9-. ......
Bloomlngroh. 111.. '•.".' .248,741 : 9.4 -.;'..
Qufncy.. .UK .-...'...." 372,344- .24.8. '....
Bioux Falls. S. T>: . 221.843 ..;.... 2 .2
Manafleld. .O^ ..... 205,752 .•.....'• I..-;
Jaclisonvllle, III. .. •'.- ",- . v2(to.292 ?.' 38,8 :-....
Fremont.- Neb....'. 189.650" -G7. 8 •..'...-.
••L'tlca ;....,..... 2.230,758- " 29.0 . ....
•'•Decatur. 111;.....- 263.2*8 •..:.! 11.7
•••Houstpn 12.0f*2>804., .... \.".
•••Gaiveston ' .5.360;(K)0 -38.2 '• ;...
Charleston, S. C. . 1.OJ0.518 » . . . . . ; . .
Totals, U. B.... 12,058.207.129 * 7177- Tii
Ouulde N. .Y..., 762.388,812. .2.8 ..."
"' ; ,. ' CANADA. - . • ';
• . ' '. —Per.Cent—
Inc. 'Dec.
Montreal .$19,125,371 .... 7.0
TW—t.. . i?.7£ataa ¦ »
i EVAPORATED ; APPLES-^The - '¦ market Is
.quiet,'- with moderate jobbing trade. -reported : .'at
about ..recent prices .and; the .tone is generally
eteady... Common' are. qupt.ed at 4@5^ic;." prime,
••6*fc<&»?c: choice, r G^«6^ic; fancy; ..6U@7»ic, '• -
'. PRUNES-r-Spbt- prunes ;show nb'speeial fea-.
ture -and; riiW steady -to firm .at from 3c to -7e
for' aUl". grades... :,'¦": -;.;.- .-- : . »'¦"•'. '/••• '.-¦'.-. ¦¦¦ '•• '¦'/ ;
¦ ;APIlIC^TS-rAre.flrmly;heldunaer..:a.fair: de-'
niarjd. for attractive grades. •¦ Choice' are 'quoted
at ft.e-S.Uc'' and.fancy 'at'10@12%"c.' ,v -. ¦:. ¦.•¦-.; ;/-.
• PEACHES^-C'ohtiri'ue quiet at ; 7®7%c '.for '
choice- and' 8#lOHc, for fancy/stocks -,. : : .: •
'¦¦ NEW- ,T0RK. July 31-.— FLOUR— Receipts.
133,250. barrels;, exports. .23,875. ,Less active;
but firmly *eid. •--. •• ' ¦__¦ . ¦ - ."• , .':.> ¦•..-••.. '
WHEAT— Receipts,. 55,595r- exports," 40.818
buBhels; sppt, dull; No. -2 red, 83c elevator. Op
tions /opened eateier on foreign selling and poor
cables and ruled Irregular on a yery erratic
local trade. . In the. last hour- heavy selling
broke torie.es severely and the market closed
>s@5ic net. lower." May" closed 85V4c; Septem
ber.'S3«4c: December,- 83%c. .. . • . '.
HOPS-^Quiet: •".- .•¦.;•.¦.•¦"¦'¦:•.
HIDES— Quiet. California; 21. to 25 lbs, 19c.
¦ WOOLr-^Firm. ' - ¦ •
¦ COFFEE — Spot Rio,, quiet; mil*,' easy. .Fu
tures-closed-steady, net unchanged . to 5 points
higher. '. Total "-• sales, 27,000 bags. Including:
SeptembW. 3. 70^3. 75c ;. November.- avMSS-OOc;
December 4l5@4. 20c: January. 4,25c. . • ¦ .
' SUGAR— Raw. strong; centrifugal; . 96. test.
3 il-16c;': refined.., strong.:'.: " """: •¦, ¦;./" ..VY":.
.*¦¦'.'¦ ;'--:v* '•¦-¦¦=¦¦••• ¦•'• DRIED FRUITS: : .': ' "'' '.-
Nezi) York. Grain and. Produce'.
SUMMARY 0? -THE MARKETS.
. Shipment -rf^$f^in:sfi<:ieloH6i^ong:l--: \ ; v v V
\\Bcn.k .clearings ; continue tp~ lead those of 1^02. /¦;¦ , '¦¦ ¦: '
.; Local securities still quiet and easy.
• Wall- street ¦sto'eki \':a^'outfhesamc.^
.'Xot much 'var'iaiioii iu;ipc^l Excjjange and Bullion :ratf:
• 'Wheat .in a'ciiir demand in the interior.
' Rarlcy, rather lozcer. Oats so\nezvhat higher.
¦¦¦ Corn .still :t'v scarce. Rye firm at the advance.'
KJllfeaf'dri Corn mill products 25c per ctl higher.
: :ilay; Bra':; and Middlings unchanged,
r Beans- and Seeds as previously quoted.
.iLibpruUit-ripnrls' eifyBdslcrnB^ter^e^ <
Egg's rather higher. Cheese offering freely.
Pfez'isicns again lczirr at Chicago and dull here. * * .
«V<i further change :;: the Meat market.
XSit-qudqrd Oil Company quotes nezi 1 prices for Candles. .
'• ¦¦Pnitlt'r": (jtitil Game continue .in ample supply.
I 'e^cLf^l' market zvcll stocked and easy:
Q'^fc^f'^p.pv^fs. of all kinds in abundant supply. _ ; '. ; H; '.. .-
Winnipeg .....-.....: 3.934,147- . 10:2. :• ....
Halifax v i- .. . .....•-- .0^544.750 .. .. .13.5. >¦ ¦• : ; :
Ottawa i... :;.-.::::. l.lfiS,321 ...- 2.9
Vancouver -B.:C.... 1.450.085 " 3«.7. ,...;.
Quebec ..."..—¦¦. :.v.-- 1,575.978 •*.' 23.3 ....
Hamiltpji -:-'.. •..-....'...¦..' • S72.60.1 -.. 18.3': ? -.'..,;
St.John.: ?>/ B...... V . 846.177 1^6." . ...»
Victoria, B. C. ;..... 642.431 . 15.8 -V ; ; ..:
*i*Londpn : A'-:-.-.-. ".I'..;.'.:.';- 724,133" ,..../•' r. '...;.,
•Totals.. Canaaal'.. .$44,458,784 ; . 10:3 •¦ '././
¦ *Balarice». paid in j cash. •¦ **Not included in '
totals, because ..of ' no comparison' for last- year.
•••Not included; . xn ¦ tptals : because, conta intnK
ether Itfenis than ¦ clearings. . fLast weekJe. ¦¦.-"• '
• Changes, this week are very few and slight.
Eggs are dearer, but there is no change ta
. Butter. Meats. Poultry and Fish are about
as- quoted, last week, and quotations for
Fruits and Vegetables also stand about as be
fore. • , ' ...--',:
• COAL, PER TON— " ;¦
Wellington ..$—©10 00' New
Seattle $ — ©• 3 .50i Wellington *— ©10 W»
'Roslyn ..;..'.$—« 9 OOjCooa Bay. ...$—© 7 50
Richmond ...$—© 9 MiGreta *— « » CO
DAIRY PRODUCE. ETC.—
Butter, choice, sqSOiSSOiRanch Eggs ....30£3S
¦ Do good ;.40©45:Eastern Eggs ...— ©25
Cheese. Cal 15©to; Honey, comb, per
Cheese, Eastem..20©25 pound 15©20
Cheese. Swiss ..^S^rTSj Do extracted... 8©10
Common Eggs...— ©23!
MEATS. PER POUND—r
Bacon ....'..i...l5©22:Pork Sausage.. 12%©15
'Hams .: ....16©1S Smoked Beef — <920
Lard ./.'.....- 15®—!
The San Francisco Butchers' ProtectlTe As
sociation gives the following retail prices for
meats : -
Roast Beef. '. .10©lSfHindqrtr Lamb..lMr2rt
Tenderloin Steak. 15*81* Foreqrtr Mutton- 8©/lft
Porterhse. do. 17 Vt ©22 H Leg Mutton 12»4S15
¦Sirloin" Steak-. .12H@15 Mutton Chops.. 12 V»91S
Round Steak.. ;iO©12J4!Mutton Stew 8810
..Beef Sjew- — glOJRcaa. V«al 12©2O
Ccrned Beer SO 10 Veal Cutlet J ...15S2O
•Soup-Bones -. ... 4©— t Veal Stew ....12Hvl3
Soup Mea^...•... 5©10 f Roast rork 12Viai»
La.mbChops Chops 15©13
. ForeqrtrLamb 12^©15t •
.- . POULTRY. AND GAME— . -' ¦
••Hens, each ..-..'. 50®S0r Geese, each .'..'..SI 25
-Jonas '.Roosters. - • . [Goslings V $1 5O
each ...-.-... :.-.«0©85 Pigeons,, pair ...40©8O
.Old Rosters,. ea-.50@65' Squabs, per. palr.S5©50
.Fry ers:-:. each... :4CK?50-' Rabbits, each .-.—©20
.Broilers, each.-. .% 25® 40 Hare, eac.li •/.'.. .-^2t>
Turkeys, per lb.'.23®24 Wilfl Daves. d*...$l 25
•l^ucks, •each"".;.-.50©75'. ••': : ••^.•..
;• FRUITS: A\ND'.NUTS^ : :' f - ? .' ." ¦ ? • " ' '•
. Apricots. • per lb.*4^- 8 Hjickleberrfes, ¦ Ib-f©15
Alllgtr- Pears. ea.20@25 ; Ltfnes. dos' :.-.<. ...— ©15
"Almonds. ,;.::.^^5©a>iL«nbtat doa'I-. . .I5©25
::Apple'i :iiV;w*. A® 8 Loganberries, per- ••
•Blackberries', '-dr.\25@30- . drawer v. '...:.. 25©40
.Cantaloupes. .,.-.. 15if25 1 N^ctariries, lb',.— © 8
.Cherries;- •lb;;.12-Htfld,Nutme g 'Mel e». 51J 8
Cranberries, qt , .»— ©25 Oranges." doa .... 20©3O
Crabapples. Ib.,..' 4<S 0 Plums., lb- :..... 4© 9
.Curra.n.ts,-:pr"ar-/-60<g75!Peaches.-per.n>.- 5© 8
i: Pecans- ;...-,- .•.:: :-r-©20jPears.':per lb 4.:.^-© 5
f; Brazil . Nijts;. .^ .-.-20<ft— I Pineapples,- " ea...33©«S
•.: .Bananas, -dps". ;.-r©Sl>VRaf sins,- --per •'!>'.'> 5©I5
> -Chestnuts'.' .¦V.-.:.15(g2i>, Raspberries. drw25©50
f Coctianuts, -each".-7©10,]Etrawberri'es. per '"
j. Dried" •Figs',- .pi. ib^SlOf "drawer '..•.,'..'. -35©50
I •Fresh. Figs; -pr lb-'8^'l6;.TangeTines. doz..i3©2O
• Grapes... pi- 'Ib-. .;!.. 8®10 Walnuts; .per. lb-.15©20
Qrarpe Fruit,.dz, :50©$i| Watermelons ea.lO©23
•W.VEGETABLES-^. - '/.¦ ...'sV.-: ,' .; ''" ' .
'Arflqhbkes^- do'i.;.30fe40'tLinia.- Bean's ' lb."-^©H>
•Asparagus, lb.. 8@12^i Onions, '-per 5 - ib. .'I 1© 3 '
.Beets. Uozen;-. . ... 10©—- Okra. dried, lb. . —©25
' Beans, .white;- ,1b. 6©^- Okpa -green ..'..-^©124
I- Colpijsd, per 'lb- 5©- 1 -) Potatoes- lb \7Z—tafi%
J. Dried Llma,-rtr... C@ 8.!.Pafsnips. / ,per J dilii»a»
; .Cabbage, each . ;. •.5@10 : P.hubarb lb IS . .— © 5
•. Celery.:' hea*.-. v. .•" 5010 j Radishes.di bchslS^Sa
.•Cress,, dz bunch. 15<a^j Sage.- dz ttinches25(8 —
Cucumbers; -dz ,".10@15'-String" Beans lb. 6© •
I .-Garlic. -.-.. '._•.• .\ .•.'— Sf .^-Summer- Squash;
pGreen Corn; dos,2S©40'. ' per.ib ..-..%»'?:. Z& 5
i.Green/PeppersV Tk 5(8^8 Sprouts"; per.-, lb.;— ©r- ¦
Drjed Peppers .-. l"O825 Spinach, ¦ per' lb.V-i-@ 5 '
-Egg "Plant'.". . ."w-k® 5i.ThypBe.ai- bhchs.25&30 •
Gre^n-Pea*. Ib". :¦. 6@. 8 Turnips.. -peV d».'.— «1.V;
Lettuce, ¦ per : doz.-15@20 Tomatoes- Ib' ".? 3« 8
.Leelcs,dz'.,bUnchs.l^20- . H •¦ ; : . : -- -. ¦ ;¦ •-.» '" • ;
'j'.'flBH-r- ' : - ':.-¦'-' : '/' •''¦:. ••-"¦"¦. ¦• : -:" -VV>;:»^'j r -.
..Barra^outa- iV.i .^©13 Sei Bass '¦': . .'. '.-. L^©15 '
..Carp. -.-. . . . ¦; . ..10fiL12ti Smelts ¦ v. . '.. :..': -r-«15
Catflsh'.'.:^:. ...-^Sll'i^ Sole* ¦.-•..; .¦.¦..; 1 12Viei5
! .Codfish-, i :: . ; ::-^QVZ\ J Skates; .each.- :.. 1001ft .
I Flounders-;.;-.'..!©®^' Squid-. '.•..¦.';;;'.¦.¦',•— ©10
1; Halibut ••....>.¦..,.;. 15©^-. ToincoiJ- .".;;J.:UH«
.Herring.::;v.,-.-'. ©-^ r .^ 1 Tiurbtot -.'.;¦;:;. *.*.20e—
Mackerel. : ¦'. r : :.:-=^l5 Trout^ 'Salmon-. .'.-— ©?^S
¦ Do. horse : .,i . i ; ;.15«^^ ; -¦ Trout _".-• . ". ; ii .,:. :^—&4n
: Rockflsh-,.'. .......^«15 Brook • Trout : . : . r-^75
Salmon.. fresh.l2W@I3 rWhiteflsh- ..i^...lO©—
,-.Do smoked.'':".'7-T^25IC:'am3v".gs.llon'\.'50@ — '
Sardines ... ; .-.-. , ;lC&-r-- j ."• Do "hardsnelUlb- 8310 :
''.S.hrtnxpfl. ¦-¦../.^¦.l-^®-^'iCraitnah.: :•':..,¦.";:—©—
•Shad- ;:;:¦.¦•. ;..'.':iO<S-r-'fCrabs" each'.-. .12 We T5 '
".Striped Bais ;..^fei5! Mussels, quart. -^©12ti
Perch' .".-. .-. ;':. . . .tflifj— .Oyster»-. Cal^l00.4Oe5o:
' Pompino: ...-*. '..,;;30JJ:tiO'» -Do Eastern. (U.30O40
Rdckcoa "iv:;-,'...-.;.6t%60| .— ..¦ "•".•¦•: : ¦:¦:.¦¦¦¦ ,-.- ,-.
1'4%.©15c: Easier*/ 14%©i5%c: "Western. 14©'.
15c .Derlb...
"EGGS— Ranch -27@2Sc for large white se
lected and 25S2<*c.-."for good to ¦ choice ;. store.
18©23c; . "Eastern, ;.i8©21c per dozen.' •'• - ¦ ' -.
.The. local, demand : for fancy 'fruit *ra«iteady
. -and prices for/such. stock 'were' well maintained.
•Thf .market.. ..however i w.as-" heavily, supplied
with -poor- low grade' Apples -and No. 2 Bart
¦ lett- Pears. The river boats arrived- late, wtth
.•heavy : supplies, of Pears. Peaches and .Nut
meg Melons, and there was a heavy surplus ¦
¦unsold -at the end '-of -the day.- Carried over'
offerings ".of Peaches- in baskets moved off well
in .the early morning at -previous prices. The
canners. purchased freely of Peaches. Plums
and . Pears and were paying higher prices fe.
the last, mentioned.' Receipts' of 'Apricots- In
balk.- w«re light and choice lota .were quickly
..picked -up by .'canners. .' Plums -Peaches -and j
> Apricots In -email packages continued In ample
supply and easy. '..- There • were no .Tragedy
Prunes on-.th'e markets Apples were easier and
.dealers found it difficult to obtain' more than
?1 per box .for. the.- best- 4-tler Gravenstelns,
Figs, w.ere. in/limited supply and steady. Fancy
Seedless Grapes' ?Htn In fair request, but
. other varieties 'were dull', i i Cantaloupes • and '
. Nutmeg Melons, "were, scarce and firm during
the greater part of the -day.- owing to.the'non
.arriyal of : the' river-boats, but -were eaa'ier jn
•the : afternoon.- Watermelons, were- active at
slightly firmer- rates-.'*-' Berries and Currants
• cdnt!nue.d'..tb.-m"e;et- with 'a' steady demand .at '
good, prices. •'.. Prices :.'6f" Loganberries were,"
' largely ' nominal-, only. a' few chests being re-, j
ce'ived: ' Citrus and" tropical- fruits were' ¦dull,
"and featureless,'.- with' supplies of. all descrlp
. tionfc- plentiful: . ' ' .. ..-.'¦* '•' -.- - .
... STRAWBERRIES-r45<SS per chest. for' Long-
: worth's arid $3-S"> for -the- larger -varieties.
'•¦ RASPiJERRlE&r-J^ett per chest. .'.". '¦
LOGAZSiBERRIES-^o©?' per chest. *" " * '•"." . ¦
: .- B^AcKHfc;KHr^s^-»oti»-r iVr- chwu- •'•-.• -, ." :
. -HUCKLEBERRIES— 8S10c per . lb...' • •¦ ¦ •-' '-.;.
-> CURRANTS-^40@50c *>er'.- drawer'. •'. • "•• .. : .
• ¦¦:-. APPLES-^65c®f 1' 15 iper box. for choice; and
fancy and-35@6fkJ fpr. .common ;• Crabapples; 25.
.-©iOcc-fo?. sniill " boxes • and 60<S75o.- f or large'. • '
PEARg-H-Bartietts; OOcgflfox' wrapped: large'
: open. boxes; : 7$c!g$l. for 'No.- -1' and .25®50c'.for'
>"6.-2:' 'to- canners, S25@40.pkr.Um toriiol land.
.$10@20 for'. No: . 2;-.pe'arborn .'. Seedlings." '50@75c'.
for laree- open" boxes. : .-"-' .' :: -'- : - .' ' '•¦.¦¦-,. •';
- FiGSr-60c@fl . per .drawer;' large- boxes from
¦:tb> 'river,:. "— r-s:. V *'.- ' . v •.-":," .--. <¦:'¦ ' : ... i 2 : ." <
'. PLUMS^25@60c per -box" or crate ;.¦'. to. :can-.
ners,.$15S20.p<T. ton^ -.'-'¦¦.':.. ;:••', .¦.".-.• " ..-• — ' "-¦¦
¦.: per. box. or crate: '.¦¦'.¦
, :v--Xp.RI.COTS^-35©S0<!, for small boxes. and d0&
¦ 75<S "for -large ; : ' -to-' canners, ' $25-^:55 .'per ton:-' ' it ¦ . ¦
.' ' PEACHES4-25®.Spc for -small' b_oxes .and, '50 M
€75c;fbr' larkrs:- to canners. ?20©25 .'per . ton; ';
•basket's 'from the'- river; 25@40c, " .. ...'..--.:¦• ;• -. A
;' M'ELON&^Cantaloupes/ |I@1 25- for ' ima!l".
crates; '.' from .Bakersfleld;';aTid.. ,.|2®2 -25. /or-;
•large. crates -f rom":.WtBters;- and T the . river.; '. Nut>; ]
•¦riiegVMelo'ni ;from '.the "river; aJSc'Sfr.-pex.-box:"'
\Vater;raelohs.:$5@30 per ; hjindred. ¦' ¦-. '\ ':¦ '. .' >V.
.: GRA-PES^FqntalnebieauV "60©6Ocr . -per. . '.box
a*n«i...65®."5c v per ¦ era t'e'rj. Rose,- o't Peru',.- 'fi'-'-per-
' crate'; ¦•^eedfess. '.'$1. 25@i 75; .per'- crate,; ¦ '¦';,. '¦ 1 v
• CiTRL'S FtiCir&^-Nayel.j Orangesi ' •¦ $1 60® '
2 to 'per box;-. Seedlings, '$1®1 25:' .Valenelais; ¦
*X 50^.3;- St: ' Michaels. ' $283;:' Mediterranean .
Sweets, $1- 23@r 5.0; > Lempns, 1 .5Oc®$2. 50: Grape* 1
Fruit, fligl.25; Mexican Llnies; J,4@4&0'. Ba-. ]
nanas.'IH 50@2^..50. per; bunch fpr. Central Amer
ican, and 75ce$l 50. (or Hawaiian'; • Pineapples;' ¦
.$1.5002.50 per" dozen- / ;• •.,-'••¦;•.;; .'.!•"./. '"= \t
. ' :NEW ;- FRUIT^Apricols, '6^©S>c : for Royals ; '
Evaj-brated' Apples, 5Hc;.. Peaches. -4H©7s |dr
lair *rt good stock ;- Pears,- nominal , at. 7c, • . .• 1
j OLD- FRUIT— Evaporated .. -Apples. •.¦<85%c; : f
Bun-dried. 3®4c: Peaches, :4@5%c: Pears', -. 4W
4%c' for. quarters .and 'Sigti^c' tot: h'alvea; Nec
tarines, .4©5c for whltB-.'Plums. 4g6c for. : p'lt'teU'
and- l&'l %& tor. unpitted;' Flgs.-3%©4c- for black
• and. 4S5c-. for- white; ..•.;....-.. -.:/¦ -.t/ -.¦'.
. ¦ PRU.NES-^l»02- crop. -2%.©2%-fpr the. four:
'sizes,"- wrth. : H.@lc 'premium.. for .the .large' sizes.
. ¦RAlSlNSr^l&O? -crop are .quoted as. fallows:'
• 2-crpwh' loose' Muscatels;. 5Prlb"boxes,'-'6%c : per- j"
lb; '.S'-crdwnv'iV^i.c; 4:<rpwn,'.tfc; ¦ Seedless; loose
Muscatels.. 5c;.. Seeaiesii. Sultanas,-. 5ic: Seedless
Thompsons; 5i4c; 2-crqwn'-L0ndon Layers,- 2ft- '
lb:' boxes/-. Jl 40 P«T 'box; 3rcr6wri.' $1 50r--4-:
: c'rown. fancy clusters; 2O^lb. boxes, $2;-.'.2rcrown-
Dehe'sas," 20^Ib boxes,-"$2' 50;' 6rcrown imperials,
20-lfc bbxes. $3;. Seeded.- f.> o. b. Fresno. . fancy.
".'T-lb^cartons/. 7 -%-6: choice. T%c. : ":' •': .¦:.¦ •¦.:;•::
: V ¦¦NU-TS^.Walnuts. No. . 1 ' so? tsheU; KH©13c; ;
No.'. 2, lO"H@U%c:. No: 1 bardshell. llH©i2c;
f N6i 2, iO©lU%ci Almonds,:, lie for .Nonpareils.
Jia^eilC' 'for I ;XL.- IoeiOVfOr- Ne- Plus- U1-.
tra and Sg8%c for Langpiedoc:. Peanuts,' 5@7c
• for- Eastern';-. Pecans, ll©13c; Cocoanuu. $4 60.
¦.©5::::-. ¦;*;,>¦>. -.-•- i^-i-^^--^:- ¦/¦-:¦¦.: :,.--•. ':>.-•.¦;-..=•
¦ -. HON.ET^Opmb. ¦ new . : •¦¦" nominal ; : ¦ new. water,
: white'.: extracted^ ,6.f466c':-. light' amber extract'-*
ed.' ; 5@5-iic':" l dark. ; ,riominal;-v;"- .'-.•: . • " -.^ ¦¦ •*.¦..
:_-V BE.E$y\:AX^2'7#29c ? pef.ab:; : ¦¦•;:¦¦•.';• : .'.¦¦: ¦• V. : '
,. Provisions. . '
: ' . PrpvlsTons' were'-iower. Again .at .Chicagp/ ahd -
-dull i hel e : . though prices' showed, no' ".¦'decline;-.- ¦-• ¦
-•: ; CUREIJ '•¦"; ¦¦MEA.T.S.-^-Bacqri.-. " lie- . pfer?.. lb~: "for
heavy.'li'/ic- fprll>h't ; .medfu'ni,.-1.4%c"' for..-light.;:
Wo' fir extra.'iight, 17c -for-. sTigar-^cured ' and .
Ibc ' \ for .'¦extra :s'ugar-cured ; i Eastern.. ' sagirr ;
cured ' -Hanis;.; ¦ j 4^@15c ; : . Calif o"rnta s - Harris. .. 1.4@-.
14V4 c;>Mess : .Beef..': fXXSfi&ti per bbl;'.. extra.
M%ss ¦¦%\2'&12Z0'v- Fatally, ' $13'S0f .¦•p^lme'.Mess f
•PorkV^ $l?i 'extra", plear; • $2ti; Meis; "120;' Dry>
Salte4;ForM I <L'12%e; Pig .'Pork;. *2S;-.Pigs;- Feeru
: $5 -JBr Smoked Beef; . 15xr pe^.'Ib.-,. .¦'».• .'• =;.- >
' -IlARiSr-Tier'ces' 'quoted.- at.-'-7%c' -per./lb: for.
compound and 0^c J f or pure : half -barrels., .pur*;..
.a&c;^-W4b . : tlri.s.- SHHfcefj 5^Jb -tins. 10^c;"'3-Ib/
tins; "i0%£:'. -.*• ." ••;••:.< v ¦•:• '-I ¦' •"•¦.••¦•¦.¦•¦•¦¦- v i;
"COTTOLENEi-pne;. half.; barrel,. ?*ic'; ..three!,
¦ha If 'barre Is ' .&'%'c ; : Tine -tierce,- C9«4 c-; \tw.p,- tler^esy ¦¦
:»Aic;'_flve!tierces^ Sjic-per-lb, \v" ' ./:..-, ....- v
'¦'. •¦¦¦ : Hi"PES' XN^'SKiNS-^Ciliis'. and '"brands.' sirr
•AbpiitV'llMre.-' under • quo.f a.ttdh«: ' Heav^-. salted
t Steers i"o^it>: -medium;. »%c':'.Ugh:t.:S^ic:-'Cow
i Hides,-8^'c-. for .'heavy 'and-SHc-. f 6r..4Igftt f Sta'ss...
j 7c; Salted Kip. .'Oc;.. Salted '.Teal-;. »Aac~ .Salted^
f Calf; .iOc; dry Hides; .16^'c;- drx-Klp/ 13c5-'dry
f-Calfi' l^cFSheepsklhs.-shearlings,- 25j330c.'each':*.
J short ' ypoV ¦ '40@50c 'each • -m'edlum. -70<a90c ; .'long'
iiwool;'.. ji'@l : 5O..each:* Horse-:: Hldies. :salt;.*. $2.7,5-
V for 'Targe', and' £2. 25©2 .50' for-'medium;-- $2 .f^r t
i : small 'and' ' &0c 'for' Colts;. .:HorsefrHldes.. r .dry.-f,
i-$l- 75- fpr>latge..*nd $l.'5O for medium:" tl&lfS-Y
' "f of; JBmaJl and" 60c for..'Co 1 U«. . Buck. aKlns^r Dry.-j
-Mfxicsiay' 32.%c: dry- .-.kalteVr Mexloah,- :26c;V dry!-
Central' 'Amer.i.canv.33c. -..G<i«f skins-^-PtimeKrt-.
g6fa"s. .7.">e;;;iarge and smooth. 50c,;. medluni. : 35c; •
¦'small;:20c.- : ::.^ ; :'./;•'.¦•: •.^¦¦" !; ;--'' ;^-: :/ '<
. TALXP W— No: 1 rendered: 4»i.©3 %.c per.V Ib ;.
:-NoL'- : 2i' 4©4tic: ¦¦grease....2.i^e3. ( %;c.-..'. : ;. '. .' : V. . ¦:/
¦ : TVOQIr^Fall "cllPT-San-Joaqutn Lambs.'. 99.
"lie/:- -Quotations for spring- clip*. are as.:-f ollown :¦
Huiribpidt and. Mepdocln? 18fl20c;. Focthill, "de
: •fectlve,.'.lliQ13c:'. Nevada;' 12©15c; .San.- Joaqu.ir ; .
dpfectlye. ? 9#ile .per lb; Southern. ¦ 6@ilc.-r.VBtv,
t'ley-OregOEi...fi.ne;'-.lSSlftc:> do; medium. 16® 17c;
dWcoaree.. I5jpriflc: "-Lambs! 15c'-per>.ib. > ; .¦'¦ -, ¦
-"• H6P.S i -17'>£ 620c. to. growers, and -21 @22c fijo'm
dealeirs to brewers; Crop.".of 1903, 16.^6 bid for.
¦^thejjest.- :'•; ;./ r -. :: <:;v.- .. -;-.¦.¦ •;-':'•;-¦/-¦.•.;'¦-. :".£. : . lij~'
Meat Market, ' ¦> ,"
. -'The- market stilt stapids ; •\fie-..same;'- aj]'"deV
•sc'riptlora b*slng : in ample -sppp.ly-.;, ¦".'-. .'.-., V -';.:•
;•; .; .->•.. .'.'¦ • l: DRESSER" MEAT&" ': '-. . '¦ • .¦¦•¦ '
'¦"' Wnoiesaje rates, f rpni''«ilaughterers to dealers
1 are\as..foHowsi. " - : ' : •'••...¦.¦•.¦..¦.•' : : :"' .'•'•• •..-•¦
-: BEEF-^6S7Wc for Steers and.5©6c'per,l>for.
'..Cows.' •¦ %•..' ;¦:. •¦'..•'. ¦.:.' i ''' N '- ?"•¦ ~s. ¦ ¦¦".
'¦: ¦ VE AtA-Large,. 7©Sc; . small, ¦ 0S?Hc. per. Ib.^'.'
;. ', MUTTON-t Wethers, .S®9c; EWes. 8©8%c per.
¦pouhdl '¦.',*'.- ¦--"•'.'.¦•- *•'•"'«.:-•¦*"•¦ I:*'.-'- v'i«" '•
• LAiSB^-Sprinx.. l'0©10%e' per' lb. ' ; - ..." ;. • ¦¦¦¦:.
¦ PORK^Dressed HotC».'fiH®»H.c"..perrlb: ; ¦ '¦•
•:.' : ,- . ,- s ; ¦ : LIVESTOGK- MARKET- .". . -.¦..'.•; ;
¦ "" The following' quotation's are" ¦for.gooa, sound
Livestock'-deHvered.'-ln .San Francisco,. le.ss'.M
per cent sh.rlnkffge' for Cattle:- •"•••.,. ••• :.*'-... ¦
V-CATTLE^Steers;' 8g9r;.rCows iandr Heifers,^
7a8r:'.thin Cow's. ; 4©5c'-;per }b.^ • . ¦• . ...-. -.»,
..CALyES^-4©5^c"-per. Ib (gr^ss , weight)! > •"
y>.gfeUay^Vwl»«^^c; E.wes ;j 3J4®3%c.^e.r >b".
Sprln'g.-'-S2 75Cf3-pe"r heVd." ¦' ?'^ ''-- :
" HOGS-^Liyej'Hogs..l40 to 200 lbs. : 6U©6^c-:
iinaer -140 Jbs> Wj&Gc; 'Sows. 20 per' cent off;
Boars, 50 per cent -off.. and Sfags. -4Q per cent:
oft 'f.rom' above .quotations. ; '• . . * - * .1 * ; .
*"• ." ' • .General-. Merchandise. ¦ .
• BAG^- Grain* *Bag!K "4.7505c: # San "Cu'ennn."
.5.55c; Wool Baga. 2£@35c; Fleece Twine. 7&©
8ci Cotton Fruit Bags. 6*ia 6V»c and "Uc for
the three grades.
¦ '¦COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton; New.Welllng •
tofl/.$S: Seattle. l« 50; Bryant. *6 50; Roslyri,
tl; Coos Bay. J5 BO; Greta, $7: Wallsend. $7 50;
Richmond. $7 50; Cumberland, $13 in bulk and
S14 25 In sacks: Welch Anthracite Egg. 113;
Welsh* Lump. $11 50; Cannei. IS 60 per ton;
Coke. $11 50©13 per ton In- bulk and $15 in
park?: Rocky Mruntain descriptions, $3 43. per
2C00 ltjs find $S '50 per ton. according to brand.
OIL — Linseed. 44e for boiled and 42c for raw
in barrels; cases, 5c more: Castor Oil. in cases
No! 1. 70c;*Bakers' AA. $1 10@l 12: LucoU 41c*
•fos boiled and 39c for raw In barrels; Lard Oil,
extra, wi^te* strained,. bcrrels. 90c; cases. 05c:
.China Nut. «57»4£«Sc per gallon; pure Neats
foot. In barrels. 75c; cases. 80c: Pperm nire.
70c: Whale Oil.* natural white, 50955c per gal
lon; FlFh Oil. In barrels. 45c; casea. 50c: Co
coanut Oil In barrels. SSc for Ceylon and 25c
lor Australian. -
•COAL Oil-— Water White* Coal Oil In bulk.
He; Pearl Oil in cases, 20Hc; '.Astral. 20Vic,\
Star.'ZOHc: Extra Btar. 24V4c; Elaine, 2CHc:
Eocene. -aBWc; deodorized ftove Gasoline, in
bulk. 17c; in cases. 23 He; Benzine, In bulk.
13c ;. in cases. 10 Vie: 80-degree Gasoline in
bulk. 21c: in cases. 27%c.
TURPENTINE — 73c per gallon In case* 1 and
67c i.r" drums and Iron barrels. •
- RED AND WHITE LEAD — Red Lead. 6©'
6Hc per lb; White Lead. C©6Hc. according to
quantity.* •¦ * • .
. •SUGAR'— The* Western Sugar Refining Com
pany-quotes as .foljows. per Ib In 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed.* 5.75c;
Powdered. 5.60c; Candy Granulated, 5.60c; Dry.
Granulated, fine*. R.'Oc; Dty 'Gianuftted, coarsf.*
&.*50c» Fruit Gratfulated. 5.50c: B»et Granulat
ed (100-Jb baigs only). 5.40c: Contectloners' A.
5. 50c;- Magnolia # A. 5.10c: Extra C, Oc: Go!d*n
'C. 4.90c: "D." 4. 80c: barrels. 10c. more; half
barrels. 20c more: boxes. 50c more: 5O-lb bars,
lOc-more tor »11 kind*.. Tablets — Half-barrels.
Cc; boxei,* fl. 25c per lb. No* orders taken for
a ]eiM i***< ?* •>¦»-**!• nr 'tn"eo<i«v»lent.
•. CANDLES— The Standard Oil Company has
• .• • • • , - •: ¦¦ -¦ "•..• ¦- .. ..: • . - .-¦¦ ¦¦¦¦¦¦,'¦¦ ¦¦¦¦¦ -.:¦¦. \..':yi
THE SAN ERAKGISCO CALL, AUGtFST : li 1903.:
13
LOCAL-MARKETS^
Family retail market\
Continued on Pagre Fifte«a.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
¦$$?QG&^X&%;EK :
IGisnt Powder Company baa declared dividend j
fifi of SOc'a ilu£n.'»l|MMHniBRBHhthe! .ban Francisco gall, sAturday, august i, 1903.
14
HOUSES TO LET— FURNISHED.
PACIFIC ave.* — New and complete. This Is not
a (Cheap, old-fashioned place, but *h>* finekt
rental praps*- v t». San I- - rao~U33. THE Me
CARTHY CO.. 64tf Marke-. St.
A JVELL furnished house, piano. 10 rooms;
very sunny; line location; 1375 Masonlo ave.
'Apply MADISON & BURKE. 30 Montg. st.
-.." SUBURBAN HOUSES.
3-KOOM cottage, furnished at ""Camp Echo."
m • Larkspur Canyon* C. A. HOLM or poatofflce.
•.*-•• LOST A.VD 1 FOU.Va .-•'¦;
t osT A pass book with the Hlbernla'Savlnss
•and- Loan Society of San Fri'aclsco.'.in the
iame'of AGNES Si HAYES. No.. 232.-1362.
• The finder will please return to bank '. •
t n^T-»Cert.11cate of oeposlt N u. . '6004. drawn
July 23 on Union Savings Bank/ fo? $«0. J.
'" ja. SUMNER. 438 Van Nija ave. • .'
LOST-^erman -canary from vtcinit; ij-f Stock-
£ ton and Vallejo ats. 705 Vallejo st. ; reward.
7' will oav to ''Remember" 'hat \ht*Callfbrnia
Watch Case Co.. 220 .fitter rt.. seeds olu
gold ahd stives to makJ new wutch cases. .
~ Z medicaLT* 7 ~~\' 3 .'- - ;
illtS DR WYETH, specialist for 'all': female
•complaints; instant- relief guaranteed: . :3w
- years' experience. «-S Post^st"... near /.Jonfes.'
'MR° DR KOllfc. reyable speciallqf for .all fei'
•male .troubles and irregularities: Instant re- -•
" lief- guaranteejUvltjCgJa Market, sf.'.: opp: 5-,h.
DR " G "" w" O~DO'N>*ELL-"-All -»'ho are .sic** of
-. -irr trouble conault frls sp"ecl»Ust-. «n ..female;
• complaints: posltlTe'y* coVrecfed; .the- unfor T .
- tuSate helpVd; tHe most pases treat,,
*ed; ad-4ce free. - Office. 101? Market- st; .- .. :
MRS D ALLEN. 1113" Market— -Reliable VidleV
• - sp^clallft ; -TpHvate 'Jiom* betore..and Jurlns
• coHflnenVnt; best -medical care,; low, fees- -.
".DR. jindMRS. DAVIES and H^*^. M? t B .^.''
"¦original method of treatment. >126 Market st.
Drs:-.<3obdwln. 733 Turk, nf.- Van N**"^^?!!.'.
., in obstetrics. -female cemp^: 25 yrs-experlence
•DR.- ROSEN". " moved to' 29^5 Fol-wm" St.- «ior.
•26th;re.lie;$10; ladies" exclusive Q?Cc*e- V-. ? :
DR. NO TOY KEE, 319 Powell stt.-.ojJpoaite..;
% -Union square 1. all diseases" cuiea_jgr_nerp*r — , <
• 'jiiscE*Li^A"«EOi/ f S— «"pn,. •'saJJj.'-'.-l^'
•BOILER3.'- engine v 2-ban'a machihery.4;MoINi.-;
# . f OSH. & WOLPMAN. ],95-197- Fremont st» * ......
A GOOD resrson to buy" diamonds. °.watchrt : :and
•: 3ewelry from- -us l'a'-.tha.t you need oriiy pay _a..
. small' weeWy** payment. on all. purchases; a-u;.-
• goods* delivered -on 'first iSayment; • Call-. a.n.t
'". examine -our goods. "Kenlf you don. t care, to-
' - buy. ,-LICHTENSTEIN BROS., C5 SXockfort; .
DOES YOUR. ROOF" LEAK.?-- " -" •"..v'i.-'iv V-l. <\
!; Repalr-'it with elaterhe; ia.solls eaayta lay.-
•heeda no painting- ;br doatlns;'- good over o'a. :
'¦•'¦' Iron, -"Un-. or- shingles*. '-.best, 'for /new ¦¦.roofs.'."
•'-."¦¦ELA TER1TE RQ0JFTN.G ..CO,, "JlJ-.-Market, «t- \
¦SECOVD-HAXb/machipery,* "boilers fc .;et}gine».-
; .purhps.' water-.plpe;-. bought..- sbjd; .rentedjairia
'.' 'xchahge- See .Suriday's. papers.. H:S.^VH1TE. -.
. MAClilNEI-:.Yr.C9MPAN;Y.' 130-132 BealeV st. -,
A-'F-rrie- surts.: $7 50>. dceSs pahts^ ' $2 SO." .Orlgl-
lnal- SlisSt- Clothing *Parli--rs; 238 Kearny St.;
V tiear Jj.u's"ti ;¦' ppign^ .'.*<*¦¦¦** -P-." m - Sunday to .noon.;. '
.A-*--S35Q DERBY- and .femora hats.. $1 75.' Pop-',
.-".ope/n- tjll" 9p..nj r ". .-Sunday to -noon.. . ;. .-. '•¦¦¦ ".
A— BUYS.- selis ; . or' rents." ¦geap rnichlnery. -tnV -.
-gines^' boilers.' water pipe' shafting; pulleys;;.
' : "Ye.tc**/ WH'H*fcLA-q". .253-"255'. Spear st. ¦ .' " ' ¦
¦FOR imXm.' BOOi OtKJ rtrst-claas-. ne.w- brick 7 at Gleft .
' Ellen. Iniiutre ofs.D.Ry C C. O*DONNELU
-¦ ¦-Ip2rVi.. Market St/- .-¦•!-;.;v."VV;!-v'';.- : '-. ": "'•¦"¦':'
JUST arrivedi. 20. head frean cows' and spring- -
.,!erq;,'gentle- flne! milkers.- : ltS9J San Bruno. ;;
MOVINiO pictures, magic lanterns* sale, - rental; '
•¦" bargajne. ¦?' B-jIlard Breclc. 1^1 Post St.; ¦ !
ONE. ca-mpln'K outhf fofc sah?; 2! horses., wagba..
;. .ahd* harneaa. ' -.y75*i, Fplsom ¦ st.*". . "*'.;¦/'.>-"¦/-/¦¦
' : "»fni*te?'or\p*^'--"'*»»A." ; iRt«a«»i;'to--irda^".""ltW-»-.-
:!GENE- RILE Y' ft SONS.^ lpa Vallejo sU..: :
MOVINp . : "' picture ¦¦ film : ahd.. sopg; -'slide*.- .109; ".
¦'.. Mon.tgqm.er-t; st;/.' ¦.-". :.'¦!;;.¦ •- •-.!*;-. ¦-/¦!; -^' : -;.-
SAFES^-New and. second -hand". : Ej B; ;BECK
• jfe-CO.^ 122 Market st- V.-"; ¦;,;..;;/--';-:¦;:;¦';'¦:;.
All bargra ; in* : ;<-arnp : stoois.anjd chairi, 'harnnSQClisi-
. rnetal..be^3;i-4attfeg.g.eS. : X.F^H6tter.7i^>j[i3-rion:
¦Edisbin ..pn.qrio|-faphis-; r.ec6.nij3,/.sup"pii,«»,- !-rnbytrig.-
>'. picture ".machinea^ fllins.". -EaclKalupl4 933 . Mil!. "
GASOLJNE engine^; "autom6bHesi.>nd-. lauhches t ¦
: !! all'slzea: V J!:,' E.'. >DpA\K. -.46' Kremon.t.:«t^-'.. -. ;'•; '
SAFES^-N'e'w .ind' seebndrhand:-. TIJE< HEP,-
¦:" •". M ANN! :£A'FE ,cQ:'. ; -'4lt;.4g3.' Syraroen.ta ¦ gt. ! ¦ . . ¦
ASK. "f br- iprices-onv secdrvij- h ab d! ! typewri te'iSs-;" a U-.
! makes!-: ALEXANDER &. CO.". 110.' Montg^y. -
¦ ¦';••; ¦ i -"Mis,c^iL:vxEpys." ¦xyXji'jcs. -¦ . - 7 .-.. ; .'
WAN'rEbVriOO]- te-kiftV. "weighing., from- f^eo": to
-¦l4ob:pcurids iat'-$l-pj;r;'spah ah* feed*, by "trii. •
• E; S. and. !A.- L^-' Stonp C<3^rfpainj:.-!f6r-"raijrc>a(r .
'- grading. -for- ¦tlie.'.-B'atfe-Coutitjr..Rat}rpad. Com-'
"pany, -neir-ChJca; .-. -Inquir<elth*r -.at ;tbe "CSai.- •'
; !;. : lahd-;br Chlcp.iofncg:::" .'.'•-; ..•.-• -" j /' ¦;':¦. .<¦.. ...}¦ ¦¦¦
W ANT to! buy— 3!« to -40. fn'ci,- gasoline -lauriofu i
• H:- M; r-'RtrSsEi3>;.''*;rd."-*iviico^-i«-ig;- Vto5£,'
: ;;.'kgles.'!Cal!:;:-.\'.v:y v.::,^ ¦•;.>..•. ,:.r ;;-V: '•';¦" "¦•'¦¦'.• ¦¦-' .
"THi-TON:. wants "•gooti-- seC^nd-haiid .ciothing^'an.1'.
¦•;••¦ .¦t-heat.rlcat; -g-Jods. ;\\$* QfhSt, ;: tel. jeaale. 2S51-.-
Y'"pnc;e;paid.. : - 32ii.gr:ftnt .ave."";" tel.-. Re0 -3S32. ." <
¦.•..'.-.¦.^ : V;v'^. : v-MP"^V".-To*.*uOii*«",-:.V L . i •" '¦¦""¦'¦ ':-..
VXAA— HEKiJ--VN.". Mt'RPHYy" :*.'> .-.,- - "" \ '.-- '...,".•. \
->'.' ' ."- k'-. '.:¦¦. I : -..- •; J501.-6G2>.toa.- Examiner . building, i
¦¦¦•¦¦¦"•¦^te|E\-Mtfileraents-j-'.iio.''dl?apiotntmeat.""~.V.*- ¦•
."••¦ • "¦/Save.-expehses. by" dealing^ directly.-'-.-- .'r
; : -]Efsiiit;ea.--!.sec6nd .'inort-ja.grt/ Undivided " Inter* -'
;!• estv.Vassignmehts- of- "rents, prope.rty. In t--Si*t..
-'.- -'etc;; legacies; •.•life--es'ta.tes-' and ".undivided : #n-
.-¦ ; r t<resf"s . ; ia [-/property -purchaaed. . -'"::.".---.'.- . •:
! : Cctrtepus! treatmenti- ."-,- Strictly *"eb'afld«st|sj^:'
.;••:¦'•¦' T- .'. -¦ :• - 'VV-ijen .-Y-ou^Need ilbney -' .' • " •••• • ¦
V-See.;HER.a$A^;MURPat..;; ; : . ".-., '¦•;,;.:••,¦
• HIGHL.Y:.i*spectaJt»le-";-prtyate ."place, id- obtain .
' * -liberal'. '-.ad.vari"ces . on' /diamonds. -Jewelry.-, at;
V-'-' lowest :rate«r.*T. "."Baldwin »'J*welrx- Store. '849'
*-..'• Marrket at;; tel; Maln r .iei44.'6nrnoh.. 19- Third..
; MONEY- Joanefll' toj salaried!: peppl*. "retail" iner-'
':¦' cb'ant*; •vteainsters,: l .Bo»fdlnS|-.hause's;.'. without
'• .'seicurlty; .easy:'payrnentii> larges'x -business . In '
. V 4«f prtficlpaj cltJea.-'.'Toiman; ParrptC bldg. .
: a— l- : per. c.eht bn'.furnijtore* or. -jlaiso-no' rtoioral; ¦
-.-. •ro' : co.mm|Jslo.n; -no- publicity; .125- up; Quick.
' • : quiet. : -confidentiaL.'-^28.. Montgomery- afa. r. -.7. '
.-¦;-; ; --• --; LOA.N3.FRPM.$i;-to>.$io;ooa.v ¦-•-.•.
'•A-Tf.'tfut rates on" re'a> -.estate. ;ftirnltur-» '.br- piano:,
' ¦ ,• no eonun'issipri.',,' E; .'W:-.'-LMCK, 1003 Mutual
•i SaTl-Bk.-.bld..; 7JP8; Market ;,'pl>«ih«.-Mate- 81«;.,..
*B..-Fi.- PISC0UN J T. AGENCY— l^oansL to -tMtlarled
¦' ¦ -.'.* •.•'.'¦ •••"••;.»¦'..¦•••. ?.:•'«'¦ -people on' tnetr 1 note..
" - TBe,TOugtCT:-.Cp-, ...::. 143. P>elan"- bldg. * '
" MONEY :t« - ipa'n bn ,lo"w; i n'teres't ;-. -gold.' silver.
¦ *dlamcnda,' ' pearls ¦ and - precious- .¦to'ae--i-. bouch t
" .-at VvJ; HE3'TH-.»iyS i -;10 .Slxth^ st.^. ;y " . "
ONE-.per- ceflf-'oii fumUureL:'45-'a''mbnth-oo eaislj
.. $1000; anjr's^curUyj.'3(g>Ion'tgomeTy.-.roon> 19.^
8% ON* turnVt'ure &'.*pia&o's; $15 up; no ren*ibyal;'
.*• V.' TREMAIN.-.robm^l*.. CEddr.»st.; floor ».-
¦AJ.T. loans on dEnnonds- and jewelry. 2. jfercent
' mo.' S.-;I*. Collateral: LoaaBanlc. 538 Kearny.,
"STAR" Loan Co* of- \Vy6min* .loAns money " to
-..salaried employes.. R. 3fl..3!Lntual".SaT.-Bk.bl<V -
'•CASH loaned 'salarleji people dn-Inotes* 'without
' "_ lndo'rser... MORRELI».g(?9- TBx-amlner *bld. •
I;" *Ml T SIC.4l. 'raSTJ&T^ELVTS. '. '* , t
"A* NUMBER *of. rfood "pfapoar "reUirned from,
renter» will be«old at. greatly r*-lui!ed prices.
Among these Instrume.nts «Tre .several ot *M«
leading makes. Otbjr • bariaMs ir
3 Chickeiiugs •.....»..,-. .$1/>O. $1S3. $2.>3
1 KlmbJ.ll. walnut upright, celluloid key* .Jfi-S
2 Emerson / A ...."- -".. • • .- j- -$1M. *-!•»
12 squarei";. IT.. .". - .- X'~ • • •'•'¦ • '»» to $170
, 1<T organs : HO" to $73
Rents $2'up. allowed on purchase;, install-
ments $4 up; V^ao-x>\a.y'r9tromJOO^vinevr
pianos tram $117 up. • HETflJE ."PIANO CO...
235-^37 Geary »t. : -D^one JJ.iln 5744.
STKJNWA"Y upright, leff by private party.
$165; great '.Bargain^ 237 Geary st.
A FEW good uprlaht pianos- -from $70 up com-
prising "Vosft, Sterling, Jacobsen, Schwech-
ten SWrwood. Weser. MarsSall, & Wendell.
°JIalne3. Everett. Knal^ and. others; easy
payments. BENJ. CURTAZ ft SON. 18-20
O'Fa-jrell. No brane»jes In San Francisco.
A BAUMEISTER or Schubert piano Is a good
• one to Tsuy. You get full va!-j£ for evero' dol-
lar Invested. Our terms are easy and 'the
prices low. THE ZE^O MAUVA1S CO.. 7t""J
Marlet st. .
BAND Instruments; F. Uesson^ Paris, maker.
Gus Malwild. AgX. Pac. Coast}. 27S O'Farrell:
skillful reral-Jr.*-;; 2d-hand lnstrumetits sold.
ZITHERS. mu»lc. string*,, etc. Max Maier.
. of Zltber. 304A Turk st.
BSAJJTIFUL 3-pedal Steinway upright, piano;
perfect -order -.?sariflce. Keege's.2S5 O'Farrell.
Family 'sailing Tor *Australl4 °offerr» at sacrifice,
"handsome Steinway upright piano. 516 Eddy.
BUV'dlrect from the -factory and save 50 per
•cent.. H.C*RNUNQ. 21B *McA»lster st.
KOHLER * CHA^E. So O" Farrell st_'; largest
and oldest nlano Tiouse.
BEST renting piano In city for $3' P*i* month.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.-.* 5«0 Hayes st.
BARGAIN: good upright: must be sold at
, once. SCHMITZ A CO.. 16 McAllister st.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. CectUan piano
* player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-313 Post st.
SUPERIOR . violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham pUco.
HELP WAKTKD— FEMALE— -»O«Ma, .'.
AT OUR NEW FACTORY. 1873 MISSION ST..
NEAR FIFTEENTH SEWING MACHINB.
OPERATORS ON OVERALLS. WANTED;
INEXPERIENCED PAID SALARY.WHILE
LEARNING: OPERATORS AND .RIVETERS
ALSO WANTED AT OUR MAIN FACTORY. •
1 32"^ FREMONT feT.. LEVI STRAUS$ ft GO.
¦ APPLY TO "MR. /DAVIS..- : .;, ¦•-.,-. , ..V ;-.
WOMEN and girls wanted to ! work :on' fruit
and canning; stead.y work; highest wage.s.
Apply California- Canneries .Co.. Brannan
. st.. between ; Third; and; Fourth. .: ¦ /. .•¦ . v; ;
WOMEN and /girls . tpw'orW-^n • frultj Steady;
employment, highest -wages. . COD.E,PORT.-
; ¦ WOOD CANNING VCO.. ..Bryant , and Tenth..,
WANTED— A good' plain, cbtjk; tp assist in
. housework . and washing: wafees $25; two In
. help.- Call •' at 201$ .Webster st.. bet- ll-and
.'. . 3;- carfare paid. / "• ¦¦'.. ¦"....„" ''.!¦' :¦•':¦. -¦ -'
WOMAN wanted for housecleanlrig- at "Hebrew
.V-'Qrphan Asyluni; 600 . Devlsadero ; St : : ..good
. wages ; steady wprk." : '-.-'.----; .'... ¦ :¦¦•;.-;¦: '
WANTKD— Girls " to. pack fruit: ; good ,wageS;
• rio-t-«rcrHnce needed. .2012- Howard st: . ¦ .
EMBROIDERY teacher wanted; a -.thoroughly
experienced Woman; .'• must /understand
stamping and have 'complete knowledge, of,
art needlework: sfate experience, .references
and salary expected. ; Address box 4956. Call. .
PICK hops in August ; enjoyable, healthful Arid
¦very profitable outing for men. women ahd
Children.' Call or- write E.; CLEMENS
HORST. CO... 122 BaUery. sh. .San .Francisco.
WANTED-:- Young w.ohian' who- is experienced."
In! art goods embrqldery niaterial. etc.-AP-.
ply "between'9 and 11 a- .ni... at -HALE
• -BROS:'.; .-¦." '•¦'-'•.'.'•¦••'¦ •;.:/;¦-.'•¦:¦:'•; " '¦¦¦'¦'.;. V^ ;
OPERATOr.S ON SHIRTS AND OVERALLS.
STANDARD FACTORY.; CORNER GOUGH
, AND GROVE -STS/. V . /...:..: .¦"¦.-¦;;:'."•/ '¦'¦-.¦
GIRLS for factory work: permanent, positions;
good wages; no experience nec-ssary; paid
"."-'" while learning. ; Gulf Bag Co;. 709-711. Front.
. WANTED^— Experienced feeder, on • ruling .ma- ¦!
u^^^^^A^p^^yX^^jcq^vi^
; Market St.- ';¦'• ';.'; ;'..;-'"! ". ; "'-; -'. ':¦-. ¦ :. ':' \ : "'¦¦¦¦-
ITALIAN lady who can speak '..English; wanted
to tr»el: • Apply. Girls' .Directory, C«?n;ral
¦' ave. and ..Waller- st;-/./. " !¦'•-'.¦¦ ' ¦'/'.'•./ - ¦' : '¦ "-
APPRENTICE ! for hair ¦ business at - G.'
; LEDERER'S. 123 Stockton st.: .. ¦; ; ¦ ;',¦¦ /
GIRL for housework and coeklng/ Apply 19*j1 ;
¦Plne/st: ;, .; v : : : ' :/ ' ; - '¦'¦'" .'"':¦ -•'¦'"'¦"".- ; ¦" : "- "¦ '
IRONEHS on ladles": ajni-chlldren's. wear. : 656
; Mission' st... third floor..' -¦ ; -- /.'¦..¦. .. ¦'- '"¦'¦'.":
APPRENTICES 1 a'nd : trimmers wanted- In mll-
¦ linery store at 602 McAllister st, . ; :; :.¦¦¦•¦
WOMAN of business trainlhg rpr commercial
. posltipn. : Box .4959. -Call ptflce. : : : ¦ ' , \r- .-'
ELDERLY ' German CathoU.e woman-. -CQPWnfi
and honsewprk ; $7 per weyk-l AOil- Market ,et.
¦ CLA-SSIFIE.P a'dvertW.rhents .and-subserijitlons
received at Call branch office. 22Cfo F.lllmpre st,.
A' BRANCIf Of flee, fbr GaU3idverUsernsnt».'in'd
• sifbscriint'lehs :. b&s been "e»l"abll*h«Jd , at 109J"
• .V-algiirla . ft: "'.'¦ . .-¦ ¦ > i — J-J—^ •
-. • ".' ':ttttpfW]£ttMiS^f^lM*&Zfe-;
AT- C' -It. HAN SEN EMP: AGENTS;
: - 420 J3ush at.:.:-. . . ... ."¦¦• ¦¦ .<tJ42.Clay St.-
.' • '_¦;;. •;-.-"-; .: .'Phone- Grant 185. " .- .-¦ 'vy' ¦
• .SHIPriXG-'DAY TO- DAY*— FREE FARE*-
' - ;• ¦'•• ' ' '¦¦¦.¦ •'•FOR' • ".;••: : '-.. : V-
'•Nevada electrical engineer ; and • machinist.-
•'run' vkiwer". plarvt- lribi^ tunnel../. :.$7.*> fatfnd
rariforriin, ¦'•nuckcrp.'"«lr\lle/s. .% .>.,.-. . , $!.'t$2, 5«"
• S-. Pj 7 - = Co.;s 'vDlffefent .-Division* California.
Section; hanas,-. extrtl : gaT«s".".-. . .:•, .'. .-^. :$l;-.«.0-.
" • ¦ FOR'.UKIAH. WIL-LITS.-'.CHUX). " .:. '. -'
' iiammersmen',. ttamstgrs. laborcrs.$2 25-C2 50.
-'.* ' .-CASPAR T.UNS^EL— :MENDOCINO'Cp. j-
'Tunnelmen.' laborer?, /teamsters.-. :;, ..$. ?•$'*¦'< 5.-
- chaTswort r PAnK, -l: a.-co.; "cal,.
'.10 machine .Hienl .« ;'..'. ,.. .... .-. .* • - - -'- -•,>,,"-$•'
. Drillers *.-. ;: ;¦-. '. .'. - ... •'• :• • •'• '- •-• •'•I* : .|S.
:(Boi>us 25c-day -rema;in until work' Isdohe.)
' k ABSOLUTELY . FREK- FARE; FOR- ALL
•- • -" •-•• :••-- ':. - . •'•A'BovE.- •: ." .-¦'•-. •.:¦•!-• '•
'. ¦: • . ' FQP SAWMILL— NORTH; -.- • '•:..; ; -"
'. 2. screJw Setiets,^ $3 &\;. 2 birbearers,. .$2 75. ¦/:
¦ • 25.:Scandlnavlaii. lumber p.llers .*;> >$2- T5
' 15 ' laborers:'. . : ...:..:.. ; '.-;•..-. , .'..$2 40
• »10'-.bbys,-' box -faotory -.* :'. .: .•-.-% ..vV. . ..'.*. n\1 : 25
. •/ ¦! (Board. -for'abpye $20- mohth.) * ':'• -\
¦'. 10' ci-ossoutter's i.. -•'.¦.•. . . . : . :$60' : arid -boar ¦'&'
¦ '¦ •' ¦' ALL FOR SAWM.ILL— .NORTH. . '-.:. ¦ .'
.' Blaeksrriith.'- ho hotsesiiolng, coun.tv'y ..C---.:-
:. ¦. .., ..... . . ..: Ji .-. ; : .- t '.->vj ...-.-. .-..«. ,i .-.$3.'«o; .b-aj?
". - *" hay!, baler-s,; .Sacramento ;Co. . : . V: . .226 tptv.
'". Map -. to raise; chickens, .Incubator ".-.$30 foun<l"
Tunnelmen,. . rriu'ckerfi, - : laborers;- ."near «.ctty;.
!. free. -fare:'. >'.;i.i.-.'.'.. i. .:.-,;•;'.. U. v. ...-; »$2i-$2 Bfi-..
'¦ Yoiirig night : barte.rtder," cjub. ,;'.;-.: .'$40 "board:
. -M^a't and".partry cdpk > -. 1 coun-try" hotel.. ..<..$S0.
' . Second ;.cooks.- .country hotels. '.-.\:.. ..,;-. . $*f5-i'o ¦
: Help'- and; nUrsc. litill waiters,: springs-,- couhtry
. hotels: i. . .*... ;",.. .;. .'. ;.-. .;.:.-.. . .-. ......:,$30.-$2S
. Gerroan waiter-, .$30- 'colored' wak«f; $30; po'r"--
ter -. .-.., . „; .I,, .-.".•;-.-. . ;• .-. .-. .- . : ... ;-J .$2S
¦ * "Dishwasher. -Country' hotel "^30: free /are
¦ • ; Austrian .pr.? fiv/lss "'.flrBt and second . cooks or
¦ man , and-.wlfe.' country- hotel ." .'.•.-.". ...:.. .$100 '
? Bell -ami elevator bbyg; kitchen- "help.. $lK-$.7r»'
- C-. It, HANSEN.&.-CO..-Ernpioym.ent Agehts-'.
.- .429. Bu?h6t r V. v .v. •.••.•.-. , . «,.*;.^.,642'Glay, st.-'.
AN: errand boy! for this office. -"C.-Tl. MANSEK".
". &'-C,Q:,-4i? Bush st. /'.--... ¦•'_-¦ :'. : ':¦...•.' '¦'•:'¦
AT-CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT' AGENCY,
C9- Third st.:.- nV. cajl bldg.' ;'phone" "Bush 405.
• .•.'¦• FREEWARE— FREE .FA-RET.".' " . • -: •
;: "M '. NEVADA. AND UT.AH. ". ' ¦-... \ "-"
• WJ! shin dally.; '.s. "P. Co.'s own .work, '.'
: 600 laborers, $2 a -day. * . ' •'
• .-490 .'section hand*. aU pacts of Callf<»rit.-i:. -.
iJaktrsrleld. Fresno," Sacramento a-nd!" rn&hy
•' other points. •¦ •-. ..-.»¦'• .- :
" ""-..¦ • S. P'. : R.""R. Cb.'s Own "Work. ' •' , ."- •'-"
¦ FREE FARE— FREE FARE; ' . ". '•¦•;
• . '• * . EVERY DAY. • . ' '
".CHATSWORTH P"ARK— FREE EARE.
10 tunn-clmen, $3 a d.ay. "• •' • '.-."•
10 drillers an,d muckers, $2 25 a" day.. •.-'.'
"butte county— chico. . • ' ."¦¦-•
50 te'ameter's and rockmen. $2.60' a '.day!
50 laborers and axmen, $2 25 a .day. ' .
* " . . ' • COAL MINERS. '. " *' :
FREE FARE— OREGON. ( . "•'
25 miners, $l-a .ton. • -' .
. 3 wood choppers, oak, 2 tiers, .16-inch, -$1 75
a- cord. « . ••
' 12 laborers. $J 50 day and *?oard. '
'2 carriage setters, sawmill, $65 and found.
Edgerman, $80 and board.
4 "carpenters, country. $•'• 60 a day. *
Blacksmith, no shoeing, $3 50 a day.
CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 50 Third st.»
C. H. 'BPKCKENd. please call: foreman for
fruit ranch; house painter; 3 farmers and
wives, .-S40 and $50 and found; laundry man;
gardener for country. $35 and found; stable-
man and driver for institution, $30 and
found: 2 coacjimen, $30 and $40 and fbdnd;
' 3 man about place, $25 and $30 and found;
¦ chore boy for ranch, $15 to $20 and found;
farmers. $30 and found: milkers, $30 and $35
and found; 2 blacksmiths for. country,' $3
day; 2 blacksmith helpers, $1 50 day and*
board and $2 day; sawyers, $65 and $00 and
found; 2 carriage setters, , $65 and : found ;* 3
1 i carpenters for plain work, $3 day; 40 labor 1
"jers fpr quarry,. $1 50 day and board; ."> -mln-.
• • ers, $3 day; 4 -laborers for mine, $2 50 day:
8 woodchoppers for mine, . $1 50 cord, and
others. J. F. CROSETT. A CO:. 628 Sacra-
mento ¦ -\ '". "
GERMAN barkeeper for country notei; . $35 to
- $4O arid,' found ; - young man for housework.
' $25 and found; cook for saloon, . $30; 2
kitchen men. country hotels, $25' and $30 and
found; qooks, waiters, .dishwashers and
othfers; dishwasher for sanitarium, country,
$25. go to-day.' nice place. J. F. CROSETT
A CO,.! 628 Sacramento st. .! , s v;f,
TRY our men's shoes ¦ at $1 pair: foot- form
: shoes at $2 60; we pay express charges. II 1
Third st.. Examiner bid.; catalogue sent free.
EMPLOYMENT \VAKTED FEMALE.
COLORED girl wants" situation as cook; will
• do plain washing; wages $7 per week. Box
4905, Call office. / -" .. ' \
SITUATION wanted by experienced chiid nurse;
best city references. •! Address 132 Duncan st.
YOUNG lady would like a situation- as printer
; In a photograph gallery. .1114 Harrlaon st.
TWO Japanese. 'girls want- general housework
¦ " and kitchen work." 1 : 1Q9: pierce e.t. . ¦ ¦-. -'. ¦ •
WANT ads' and subscriptions taken for The
¦ Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister' st.
EMl'LOYaiEXT WAXTgPr^-MAIjK.
BY neat young butler," with references, city or.
country. Apply to Main 5306, J. F. CRO3-
ETT & CO.. 334 Sutter. it- - - .'-¦' ;; . ¦", '
MAN and wife; no children/ wish Positions In
• country J man good- teamster and handy 'man-
wife good cpok. Box -1269. Call. ...!
WANTED-^A : position by a miner, underr
"•". stands thoroughly all branches. of: mining;.
had .15 years" experience. . Box 4933, " Call*
¦¦A/ PRACTICAL: •¦: wlnemaker, '. perfect in all
¦ branches. : 20- years'-, experience, -.wants situa-.
tion. Box 4621, Call. / . /
I'" 1 ..'j: '¦ .. '¦". ' .' ! ' '" ¦¦¦¦'"' .- . .' ¦' ¦»
{•BOOKKEEPER "on • a ranch; \ well-iedueated-
:•' young rnan.wbo has" brevlously .been" em-
. -. ployed In : above capacity; seeks similar" posl-
" !tion; highly recommended by last .employer.:-
-.. ' Is a stenorrapher and "typist; abstainer; bonds
• If required: ; Bo,x 4246. Call office. - ."". ¦
'•POSITION -as salesman.- 15 years' experience .
' • in mercantlic business • also had experience
In railroad.- Wells, Fargo and bookkeeping.
Box 424S. Call office. . ; ;: y r - . . ¦ --. •
j YOUNG, "mart .would like work- as carpenter:: IP
." years' -. experience .' as •bench", and- machine-
¦¦• hand... Box 4954,- Call. ;.".... -..'•" Ir .' ": ¦-.'••' ' ,
RESPECTABLE man with good «-ar.. wishes to
• learn piano" tuning; ' Address with .terras to.
: "•¦• b P**"--. 4 250/.C.aiI'-:.!bfflce".-'.- ¦/,">.->.;" ..•".-"-¦ ' • "¦ •
•YOUNG man of best f&miiy letters, desires em-
: . ;. ploytnent.-. Box 4615. Call office./ ;• ;- : - ' . ." '
A COMPETENT gardener, wishes" -jcMtlon: In
; a private place.'AddregsS.B.. box 4951. Call.
JAPANESE strong: man wants a position to
I do. cooking and.genfral iiQUsewprk; week .$"..
." ;AKI. "1217 Jones st/ city. --. : _¦¦- \ ..::.'/'.¦ '¦¦¦¦
GOOD : Japanese : boy" wishes situation as a
j ./schoolboy. H." TAKATSUKA, care DHIRA-
I . • NUIKAN, 431 Stevenson st; / ¦;.-.-". ! -. •: ..-¦ ¦¦¦¦
] JAPANESE wishes work as a! school boy. near
- Crocker Gramrriar 'Schooii ¦ "810 Stockton'. st;:
i-;!y-s.'.'0.KutAKp". •,." •.-/."•;!/ '¦-•'- ,'.'¦/;-;. •-.; ¦¦¦¦ '.*.
CLASSIFIED adv.ertlserrients and. subscriptions
received at Gall branch of flee, 2200 Flllmpre .
A BRANCH office fpr.Call ad\'ertlsemcnts and
"' subscriptions bis been !-e4tabH3hed at" 1098
.!¦'' Valencia it /¦¦'¦¦¦ '"-/¦:•. ".-'"¦ ¦¦¦ ; ¦. ,
:;.;/• ;// .EXCHANGE. -'.>." ¦'.'." " /"•' ¦
A GASOLINE 4 horsepower autpmobi'.e jfor "ex*
'.change' fprcity orcbuntry'. property;: Will as."
:'"'sume a rnortgage- or payacasn .difference:
:...."¦ aijtomobile. guaranteed in" first-s'ess coridlr
: .\!tlon, ;: ' •/¦-•' :<¦ •¦-'¦•• : !- :;< - ¦ '- : - .-:"¦.' ¦¦'<¦.¦'¦•.'¦ ¦ ':
./• : .,j;S- MYERS. 1002 Broadway, OaklanJ. .
" '¦;.. -¦ : . ; '¦'. ";>.'.^ ;-.. jffyA^* A "*-i a j^Xlj^'' ¦¦
. CQMi^.VNIES'.i'ncorvprated^'and.-flnanced^ stock.
1 '•'¦ -and bondjesu^s guaranteed,; y'n.de'rwrltten afnd'
.! Bold';" stock' accented -.for/senloes. : fcer.d for.
J"iVP*ClflC -"State's Investor;.. ¦ .PACIFIC ¦•gTAT.ES-
I." -MINiyG-.AN;D.iX.VE'STMKXT C6- 326 Post.
'• ¦"•" -./ "-. kLats-'/to -.Let. ' .*'•"' : : . ¦
'CORN'jBR'Jfoe.'a-nd-'Elffabeth— tTwb hew sunny
\ ¦'¦¦ flats; modern' irnDroye.me.ntsl Qf ! /).- 'an'd 0
!' rworr^s-.- ;>{cs. iiOO and .1054 Noe'st.; con-
' ' .yenicnt.ta- Castro and,Twenty:fourth.jst..cars;
; ". '.'rents';.' reagon'qbje'i • . .; :¦]¦.. ) "'-.-.'.: . *
HOUSES arid flats to. 'letj a.rl immense Ilst;-Ber-
-.' y)cfi- absolutely "free.:! take-', advantage; of fhis
'¦•¦: -dejjartnjent!.-' 4t"'- will.' -save" j - pi( ;tlme-' and
/"...trouble-. . t-or.aes'Fuiin-lture. Co.; .245f"i5a Qea.ry.
y.s.t-, .-.on -the -square. ..- ". 'j '.¦"...•. •¦¦ '¦.':..
¦A ST'NNY" corner "tiprjer- 6-room flat'/ basement;
¦¦'. : hblf 'block 'from- Market .'if... -*4thtri: 13- mtn-
. .'! utea' r.idc- of'. Goldch-Gate Park; . Castro And-
. ¦'r.Efght'ignth'rS.t. ¦ car's." • S94.3-Sfcventee;nth St.-
.PARK., fiats";; liew.; .eleg.ant!ly finished :<jn Sec- .
"--.bnd a-ve.. afad Cvsl.,' one-. block'' to .MpAWister
' '':-/caYs'; 5; roomb,'. 6 -rooms, ", 7-' rooms', : 10 rooms;
:"¦ $25. : tp$4!»; -kunli-slit .ian-flrpurid; : . op'enj ;• ;v "
IvIBKUTY.. 22,1/ between Church; abd .Dqlorep—
- Flat-6f 5 :la'rge Sooms; bath, gas, tubs; cheap
:|=; ¦•'.-'.-to;- -fight..- patty. -; - ; . .¦.. .-;..; ; , '.:;¦ . .- • .'
I AVEBfeTERi 634-Cozy 1 . sunny- Aat"; ja, > rooms,
¦ .'¦fbith.-.-w-ishrpprni "tr^ys;. 1 separate e'qtranc^;!
•"¦ reajjonabte.;/ ' V ¦¦ V. ¦-.•• ..' ' '¦ v;!' ¦
t-dTTAGE;' 5. rooms .and' bath;- rent $12; : no
¦ ;f children;". 1229 Cortlqnd. aye., yi ¦ :¦ ... • ..'_¦• ;
A LOWER flit of > rbonis; in ' rear.' -2 Hay.-!.
:'.. : ward. -.st..-.'pfti HarrT3on; hear. 8th; .-rent ;$7 J ... .
¦- A'-' MODERN 'sunhy'flat. . 6-rbbmsi. bath: .-near"
- l-park. entrance. - 1703 Waller at..: rent $22 50. .'
FLAT] to let; all. rnodern iniprbvernents: vrent
-. . reaspnabie.,. 1408 DevrsadeTrOi/nr. O'KarrelL
- TO ie't— Fldt-bf -foUrVrobms;.- 1S97. O'Farnjll.
¦ ilJOOKER &'^LENT. .14 post st. ¦¦¦..., -'- ." '
"GRpfiNWIpH- 2727r^-.Upper;- : sunny;" 6, roomk:
¦ . •„ new;'; rhsr.ino view; $25V. open.- ¦'.'¦' -. .;: -;v !-; - -
'NOE.; -151". .north. Market-^feuriny corner :flat. -3
" . ; " bay r *'l'n<lp'*'?; 6 '. ro .0rns and-^ batb; ~ : . k .
.$il'l4c'0TTAGE of ' 4 . sunny rciorns. • yard'. : : 132
: ..'RoBe'ave.,'. bj»t.'-Gop&h'..-c(hd tDcfavla-sts."- /
"TO. Jet-r-Flat of. 6 r.ooiri8.and"bath.>i 452 Tehama
.'..-street. " ' : - "•>.."•"„•'¦.• ¦ : . '¦ '; - ' \ ¦¦ '. :.¦¦ ' ¦ ] . .'¦'
. •\^A r py. FOfl. : -SA^E-^PVRSlSiiBp. •
¦SNAP"; S'-.tiew elegant "bedroom : ".'i-rtij; •"owter
.- -.-going away; 'flat; for." rent; Box- 4!>:'4; Call." •
• j.V ' •FUnXITUnfc.'WAXTEJD^ ."••' '. .
. |'A.""VrpEL"PfeRT.,.'7"3 Mission, phone Red '4462.
, . : buys, 'rSents,'- repairs, packs' furniture', .carpets.
. : WANT.ED— Chambermaid } pnd laundress.. $5o;
."j 2 Get man cooks, no washing. $35; 4 cpaks,
\ Httle wash; psfrlor maid.' $25; 4 second girls,
$20, $25; 2 "maids and seamstresses. .$25;-
! -French second; girl. £25; chambermaid, -*San
.j .Joee.-$20; cook' and parlor-maid, same : h*ou«e,
: " San" Jose. $35.-$40. see. lady office 10. o'clock
to-day; housework, Ross 'Valley. $25:' 2 'In
I -family; bell girl $15; waitress, hospital, $20;
5 'waitresses, city and country hotels. j$20,
'$25;' governess, tt ferown -children, "$25; 4-
nurseglrls. $15. $20. *&25; kitchen helper, in-
stitution, $25*;' country laundress*, $3p. '-.Apply
• to J. F. CR0SETT & CO., o34 Sutter-. st. .
WANTBL— Cook* for «hl*ldreh\ no bread, to
bake, -$40. short distance froni city; call to-
dny. J. F. CROSETT A? CO.. 334 Suttor at.
COOK 10 men. $30; - . chamberworlj;. ' private
family. $3O; 50 houseglrls. city and country,
• $15 $20; $25. $30. Apply to J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO., 334 Sutter 'sj.. . •
A— STENOGRAPHER (FEMALE) .Vyv y :
And ttpewrlter, timekeeper a'hd office work:
j country canning syndicate; steady Job; $12 50
week, : MURRAY & READY. C34 and 636
•Cla<st. -..¦-.:. j
H > \IRDRESS31NG, manlcurmg, massage, -hair
work; Yemcva". of superfluous hair taught
from A- to- Z in 2 weeks for $4 50; positions
guaranteed: $10 to $20 p<;r week; school day
and <ive. 233 Geary r. 13; maids- prepared.
• A — LADIES, learn all branches hali-dressing
trade; manicuring, massage, etc.; 1236 Mar-
ket Ft., cor. Jones, rodm 94; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve. class: call.
GIRL§. to learn millinery now for fall season;
•trade taught from start to finish in one month
, for $5:. positions guaranteed at $10 week up.
¦ Eve. School only. 143 Sfockt'on st.. . f rh. 13.
A*— Practical Millinery School, estab. 14 years;-
' \ terms easy, bio O'Farrell, for. 1000 Van New.
G£Ol> .salesladies at E. MESS AGER'S Cloak
Store, 145 Post st. Apply bet. 10 &.U-a.-in.
t WANTKD — French or German maid for grown
'' and sewing. 2005. Franklin st. ;
- ioDGiyq-HQUSES FOB 8AX.E.
100 ROOMSj house for rt** 1 :'.**- 0^ W*®-*^-**W
' 6S xt>b.m«: south', of Market:, rent $10O : 2000.
24 rooms : corner; part- cash f : bal. -easy. M0-
II rooms: good income;- rent $20. .380 •
21 rooms ¦•wtter'.front;. rent" $40;. lnat. «0
120 rooms; goca lease;- low" rent. ¦.., ..... .6500
• 67 .nns.-;-ap'artmenU;W«ttrn -Add; rent.- *»0.
• Mpr.ev loaned at.-.l per cent.-, .-" - - " - .- / .
Hc.tels.-roadhouses.- flats.- 0 to 100 rooms;. ..
-. ' . EITEL.^ -CAJIRQLL, 212 Kearny *V
MARION GRIFFIN.- rm.- 406. Examiner bldg.-H-,
• Hotehi. Apartment. Houses. Flats and .
.' RQOMINO" HOUSES^ .'.A '"BIO FRSE LIST.
HOUSE. 9 rooms 1 B'robmt pay' $133 monthly;
$1200; price' $800. 804 -McAllister it.
SVtmtT weli-fun. cor. -flat,- 14 rm«.: rent $40,
lease; price $70P. 204 Second at., upstairs.
''''¦'- '^ i *s i 'F VAl ' liiVl ' ' . * • ~ * -- "
MME. fiWANSON; spiritual -BJedlum' and cartl'
•reader. ". 17 : Foyrth st..- " '
EDWARD "EA RLE, "1062;Ellls." readings dally,
'9:30 to- 4--. geances -Sunday and Thursday.
KATIE HEUSSMAN, circle -Friday "evening.
•25c: stttlnrrs. .1000 •Harrison st... cor. Blxtn.
' ¦** ' • " • CLAlRVOYA^rrS." "•*.'.'... '\
•¦ A— CALlTaT 6-*CEJ .. AND SAVE $2
My Regular $3 .Reading This Week for
$1 41 "$1 SI:. •»••* »"¦- »1 - -J 1 -
• ¦ ' PROFESSOR "PAUL- DESTINE-. - •
"The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
: . - PairhiEt EveFln San -Francisco. * -
I do hereby, selemnl'y asree artd guarantee to
you no charge If 1- fall totell your name,'
i occupation and what you. called for; -I promise
:to tell you; whether husband, wife or sweet-
heart is true or false;- to teir whom and when
you will marry; Im fact. I will tell you every
hbpe fear or "ambition better' than you, .can tell
yourself. He- restores lost ' affections, reunites
the separated causes speedy and happy mar-
riages, " makes you successful .and. prosperous,
cures drsease and lost vitality- without medi-
cine; locates hidden treasures; hours 10 a. is. to
8 . P; ni. : Sundays 2 to 8. 326 O'Farrell St.. o28.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third 'St., next Examiner
bldg.; she reads your life correctly. arlve» an
accurate description of. the past, reveals the
present happening? and portrays events^ to
- occur In the future: if you are- In trouble, dls-
. '.contented or not satisfied In life. or', have do-
, mestlc love or business troubles, consult this
great medium and you will be told, how to
• overcome them;" valuable advice In all afl-alrs
•of Ufe; 25c up; satisfaction guaranteel; read-
! lnica by; mall. Tel. Black 4569.
] ISM AR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant, arid
; ¦•' palmist, permanently located- at 1104 Market
1 ¦". sti; cor.- Turk: private reading's ..dally, 10 a.
!.'• -mi to- 5 jv m.: readings bjv mal! as satlsfac-
:' fory as'ln person; .3 questions answered, $1;
¦'"•¦ full'iifei $5; send. lock of Kulr, date and year
. " *of birth; doa' t tend currency. S'.nd postofflce,.
; : ¦ - \\*t-il3-Fars->' me ney order c-r re6l&tered letter.
A-MME. 'PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
: card readerv born, with a double vett and sec-
: -ond sight:, tells the -past^ present and /future;
•'..ladles;- 50;; -gents.- ->1; by ; cards;, palmistry
, /and sUlrypyanr! elttlng; $1 50. • : 126. Turk -gt.
Mrs- A; Hi'Krbnenberg.' palmist, clairvoyant.
.card reader, will give a good readlnr. 10c. for
- a short" tlmfe only; when .oth.ers fall try me to
-. convince -ypursclf'. . 402 Franklin -near Grove.
/A— Mftje. .Ravenna reads-'.lif?, business advice:
... "names given;. 25c up; 54th st . near Mi-rket.
OLDEST lady palmisr and card reader. In dty.
. 26Vj -Kearny.,. room 20:';iadies 25c.. g?nts. fiOc.
- MRS. SH AFSR, clairvoyant jcarcl . reader; slt r
' '. tinss dally. 44SH Jessie st..l bet. 5th an^ 6th.
eAnPET^BRATIXG CVXD CLE AMXG. ;
AIR. cPmpfeEsed. drj-. Ice :cbid. is now univer-
sally Used in; sanitarily -cleaning carpets, on
flcor. without removal or injury; prices mod'
'erate/ Apply : S. .F- COMPRESSED. AIR
[ ¦ CLEANING CO-vCali big; ;-."ph<one' Main 5237.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send ior 'SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
. ing Wcrks. 355-357 Tehama sUi tet.. South 40.
CAL1 FORNI A i"arpet-beatlng Co., J. McQueen.
; proprietor. 329 Guerrero et..; tel. Mission 49.
TRY HOPKE-BROS.; /excellent carpet-beating;
/ mattresses' made : over; 1432 Howard ;South;216
"ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.; 402 Sutter St.:
tel. Main 3Q4.:GEO. WALCOM A CO.; Props.
1 RUPOLPH /feCOi/carpet-beatlng works: prices
TeaEonable: 17<)3 Harrison st. ; tel/Misslon 263,
A CON'KLIN'S Superior Carpet-beatiTig Works.
|. ; .3.13 Golden Gate ave.; ¦¦•telephone East 126. •
]/.; - /-COLLElCTlOV^ OFFICES. V ;/'
i ADVl^E fr->e ; bad tenant s ejected speedily. CQ-
] LUMBlAN LAW AGCY., tv 85. Q16 -Market:
{ . tel. ; Red 6lS :. Collections : gen"! law business.
t BAD "tenant? ¦ ejected for ;$4 : . collections made;
I citycr- country. PACIFIC. COLLECTION
.-!;.' -:"CO;. -415 - Mo.ritKbmpry. roonis. n-10: • tel. -55S0.
vj--V- : // -.'.¦/. ¦'¦:: ; /'DEX r riSTSi. "; ) : -}. : -'^^ '.; •
iD^^U^Dlili^lTLL'';i44.3 l lIarkkt. nrlEUventh
i — Xo ' charge tot je.xtracting' when plates are
• >". ¦';¦ made ;• -old- -plates ; made over like hew ; - teeth
. j *£ from;- $8;-per. g»tj extracting. 5jpc:./gaa given.
4 A ?sES\' pjat.e-^Th&'Wnaieb*ne-f!cari.not'bFeak;
;J • Varraiked I'O.yrK- crown. 1 $3 -50;- flH.IUgs.:-50c;
j| ¦-'• plate?. JJ5-C fujl se^ ail jvoelr painless and war-
' ¦'. '¦¦ rapXedi jChlcago.' D'ehtal- Parlors.' "24 Sixth st.
PARIS -i^ntar-Parkirs. 1 2-':5 Kearny. cbr;.;Bush^
..1 .Set teeth. -$l'5»'up;. browns. *2- up: filllngs;.'25ci
GOLD- fillln*?s 7Jc.' s'iiver: 35c. -crowns :*33;:nl<
.- p&ln; op^n-gunaitr- •Qr..O.B."He^fttr2<H:-Suttet-;
' 10 PER'-'CENT -off this -rnonth ; estimate^.- free;
••I .New York' .Der.tfFta, "flti9 MJgslon et.. oor."6th,
; .PliESSMAKKttS Ai SE.A3T[STIlE'SStS.'.
• I McDO%\*ELL "DressmaklriJ: and "Millinery Schbo;
\ .^.Anj; -aatt'em' cut to measure. -iei9 .Mju-kot
AGCORDIOX .'tiuniiiirsfc •&-"knlfe - plartinfe : .: Stewi
' . ¦ -art's bi-ttor. &".buttonhole fabtory.-llO Taylof:
•"j"^7" ;' •' dYiima avj> cii*c a.-/ito.-| -, ¦.¦; '.' ;i '-
r SKA b'ree,ze> • swee.teii -. atr garfneiit-j.. ijl^iiketsi
> ¦-,>ace'- cuftainf. -e'tcr,-. d.one.' : by,! the -.Pre--!.d:l<
•: • Bfightj Dy? \y«rk«.!-3315 Sacramento; -phprit
'. *."-' ¦ .tor' wagon. ' W^'st 453: H- .HleKM AN>. prjgs... .
: v^^^k£^ r -]55^iS^S2*S£i^ii*i^^~
•A-^CA : LTOWEjl.t '. College' '-of '\ Oratory.: Acting.
'• '.-. ! ' Qpera-'jinxl'^AuthorsfUP; largeet l ln.-ihe .West
." 14 tea'criersi'pbsftlons.'-gUaTanteedi- fajl' terrr
. .' r-&egfcrig'' : Sept..7;;<Isy &' evchlhg: class; beaytlfu.
¦• "• 'rie.w' : catalogue free.\-1295-Mar!ket,:;.cof.' N.lntW
:: SAN. FRANCISCOi : Business doUege'i 1236 'Mar-
; •' 'Jviii- trjrod^rn,- • progressive,-. : Kra'ctleal: ."esfah.-
'• llEli?<i 15 "yeaj-s- ¦¦ Gtepft .shorthand.,- fastest
• ' • .easiest; ¦..'rdott-' .readable.' '• -Actual ¦ husines:
(| ' : -. bpokke^pltie':- tybewrtteii. at'.hbme-'.free:. ¦•¦ ¦" ¦¦:;
: -JJA-NCii-fG— An evening' class Is" forming "noT-
• .-' "5dr 'pdiite "irfB.tru'cjl6ri;."laiJies. arid gentletn*--
I '.' onry i . term*; $5" fter -tnoh.th ;.- must; give. ham<
• -arid . reference:-." ; Address. - A.' ¦ D... bpX' 4S19
! ¦.^.Cal^ofncty'.-.'"; •:.-: "/f -." : y^;'y -;-¦::/". V ¦•.>
' : HEALD"^ BUSIKESS' COLLEGE. .: 24 • Doi-lt.S
• 1 F.V-'Boolikee.piriK» •^Kprtnand, . touch typing
: -languaBes.;- telegrapiii-r. '.English- branches
' ¦¦ •day.'.and;.-4lR.htT8efe8lc5ns;:->Hus, jfotaloEue. free
" GALL'AGHERiMAksii'.BUSINESS. COLLEGE
." '..conducied- by -expert*;' best.' coinbiued- short
"• ¦-¦•"rt"an'd''--ai>#'«)jiiinr-jercla>-"cou*:sfe. to .be'.had;..ih
j -dotted; by : .oniclal .ccjurt . reportersi 1382 ,Mkt
;- A y'bEB. -the fit!;, drag." bu.sinesii-'.coliege;' 723 -Mar
'. -' '/kit' BU'; : fp^lal-s'u : mirier.-cour.se,'ln. air .depart
. nicrfU:. h'aBdsdrn>;cafalagua"fre"e; Ufe tscbolalr
' .-. I rii!p;..>/>0;-4ay -and 'eyentrig- s^Bsio-js. ¦: "•
'• HaiilkiTB: •Academy^ a -.thorough- sch6ol^ :'."oi
•' '-. aaricing": esi:. -20. years'-.- 14IC •Polk : .st.^. : ; t>et.
'. •' Pine. aiVd-Galffpri'ila^ -adjilt.-cla3b--jn.ow, open-
"- . children's" class"' will "opan Sat."-af-t^. 'A'ug-'IS
•• H£A.L : b'S -School or. Mines -&Ei;ectricity,24 Pos
» • st., .R.'i'V; a *pra<jtl.CB.f school' of -engineering-
|. • complete equipment':^ fil?«e4al •catalpgqe-'tree
1 THE .Berlitz 'School of 'liangttag?s-has" re.mbx-*«
' . to XOOOlVan-' Nta^-.'ave..; ra*.6g. reduced .ddrlni
» .. eupimtt.' -Send for catalogue.- " " .. *
s° ""GNGINEFRING — Civil..* e'e"c". mlri..* mech^sur
> • yey. axsay. cyanide: da.y. eve. J est. 1S84. Vai
1 I t3er Nailleb School. 113 Ftiltori. nr. 'City Hall
'• SYSTEM, discipline and' results; -Ihe*. Goldei
Gate /Commercial College. Van '-Ne'ss .am
; Golden Gate aves..S.F.:nlIs every requlremen
. DANCING Tuesday. Tmirsday ' -Saturday" an<
; Sunday evenings at Teutonla Hall, Rowan
st v near Ninth; management . ProT. 'Foster.
. K£NT Law School: day and night; assures ad
mission to the bar. 6 Eddy, cor. Powell.
, 'SPANISH Academy — Professor Arribas;' classe:
;, day and evening; -private lessons. S34 Sutter
' LESSONS given- in Water Color or Oil Paint
ing from Nature. CURRIER. 372 Butter st
'" ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar. writlnc
•etc. ; day or eve.; $5 rno. 1024 Mifslon.nr.6th
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market, nr. 10th
; Plttman -shorthand typing, bookkpg.. $8 mo
V ". ' JEMPLOYaiEXT OFFICES.
dEOJIGE AOKI. 421 PosrirneT^BusbTm^
. • Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
r -. nlshes best help; contracts for farm help, etc
. A— ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese
. Chinese: help. 426 Powell. Tel. Main 5752.
. A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp Office. 41!
[ Stockton* tel. Grant 168; expert. reliable help
C.HINESR. Employment Offlce-.Best hetp a
V I»eon Seung's. 411 '$ O'Farrell; tel. East -426
> RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of
P .flee: all kinds help. 3".5 Stockton; Main 5188
' CIU.N'KHE and Japanese help; estab.' 20 years
. V el. -Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay
• •BM'gLOYMBX'lt WASTEO — FEMALE.
• AT MI1XINER wjll call on ladles; old ma
;. . .teriajs .vtlllzVd; "reduced, rates .luring Au
" " .gust. ' Box -42C8. CalL . ¦ " ' • .
. . YOUNtt..woroan. cajperienced -at office: work
1 also* as a nurse, desires position:- -speak
.- * French and English.' Box '4620,- Call.- .
.. '.HELP -ffASTED— MALfc— Coh.
MURRAY & READY, ""^ '"* . ] T~
- .634 and 636 Clay st.' * ;
Phone Main 5848. ' . • ' Phone Main 6S'48.
-Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
• • . THIS IS WHAT s
. . " • MADE US FAMOUS! ' -
'WE' KNOW NO DISTINCi'lON BETWEEN
MAN AND MAN. .' '
: ' • " YOU ARE* ALL WELCOME.
1902 "We Gave • • •• 1003 We'll Give
' 45,000 Men -Work. • • .. ' 60.000 Men .Work.
-WE SHIP. YOU ' . '.- .'. FREE TO ONE,
FREE TO-DAY.. *• /. . • FREE TO. ALU'-
• Ogden, U.tah, • •*'. . . All. parts 'Nevada,'
1 Los Angeles County, .'-.•• Santa Barbara,
.Chatsworth.Park, ' Hawaiian Islands.
'Santa Susana,' • •.;•.' .." * - • Oregoh.
San Fernando, - - Wa*shlngtf>n,..
Los Angeles County,' • . • Central 'America.-
' Arizona. "' " "WUllts. Uklah.
. And all Points North, Cast. South. • .-•
. Including Ogden. Utah. \ ¦ \" ;
• Carpenters "and help'ra, pile "drivers, f.encV
builders, drillers, .single, double and machine
men,' corner and bench hands, muckers; chuck.
- tenders, caj • dump'ers," teamsters, laborers;
track 'men. cooks, waiters,' "blacksmiths, etc.,
$5, $4, $3 5Q.. $3, 42 50. $2 day. •
FREE FARE. FREE FARE. FREE FARIJ.
. Everybody Talking. * Thousands Going.
ARE YOU? ARE. YOU?* . ARE YOUT
MURRAY. & -READY*. * .
..-• * • ..« G34 an'd '630" Clay st. .
.. 155 COAL MINERS. .Oregon. .*" Free-F.are^
.165 COAL .MINERS.- Oregon.. * Going Free.
•Free*'Fare— 55 Men. WMlits— Uklan.- To-day.'
... . . MURRAY .& -READY. 634-636 Clay. slT '
i ' FEE $1-*THAT'S-ALL— $1 FEE*. ' V
. fREE FARE. -666 MEN. FREE FARS.
.SOUTHERN PACIFIC R. R. DIVISIONS...*.
Santa Barbara Dist*- Santa Cruz Dlst
San Luis OblsDO "Dljit. " Santa Clara. Dlst.'
'. BaTcersfleld Dlst; .' • *. ".Sacramento Dlst."
King City Dist: .. ' •;. . . Alameda Dlst.
Soledad Dlst. " ¦¦ • Paso.Roble9*.Dist.
• Salinas Disk. '. • / - Eos : Angeles Coast Dist.-
Los "Angeles'- Dlst: •' .'• • . 'Fresno Dist.'.
• Guinda Dfst.- "." • Cordelia Dlst.
'. Madison D.ist. "• • .-' .Farmingto'n D.lst..
Also handlers of ...different; places on.urr>lr-
•'-. ' * ' • divisions on -every trilo "" • '¦ .-
. north; .. ••• 'east.'-"-' ¦.••¦-¦- 'south:
: ¦ MURRAY- .& -READY.- 634,-636 Clay ;>t--.
'."- .""•,NEW RAILROAD "WORK.' ." "'.' '-.
' : -165 -ItaUans. ' • .•.":•...•.•.:••':-• FRE6 FARE!
• 155 Greeks.'. '.¦•:.•.': ' •"" T . FREE FAKE.
. 155 Austriqns. .. ' "'. * .' ;, • -FI?,EE FARE.
¦ BoarcJ yourselye*;. managers 'at our office; sfce-'
. them- ' _ •"• .' ¦',' ¦ -.- • % . ' -'•• «
«... MURRAY, & READY; -g}4-636. Cfay'.litf. •
. • .•'¦•- •'.¦ '• g6ld, : . silver, .' •• •/ •. • '" •
.' -¦.••'".• copper.- coal. etc. - -. .-..
; ¦ J*S6 miners. -.«ingle : and. douMe -hand: 'maehrne
: tnfD,- muckVrs^ tlmb'e/men, rurriace-me'ri,-- e.tc.,'
-. $t»O,$85 and- $J5 and-foiind"; '.- •>• '• •
:/.38t5 laboi'ers," no exp'er4erice:required*,"$6O,"$W."
.. Fares /rom $1- -50 .10 $5; -ni;any". managers' at '
¦-. our offlce':-'- '•¦¦•- '•¦ -'-. : :' "-.' '-.•'••
.*•¦•¦ ' '. :-' '"- -' .!';ITUNN.E-LS^QUARRIES. r '-. '.;. ' .' V
186- dfUJers,-. hammer-srhen,' laborers, ••. $30. - $75
.- an* $60.- -.¦ " • ..;•- .- -.: . : ',- /:•:-.••. • ,;- " • -J ' =
:; ¦¦:¦ • I-!, - THEY " WAN;T' YQU. 1 .:, ; ' -. . -. " ":-.
' 12' laborers for 'mine.- rib 'experience" Wante'd/
\ $42;;and.- found, -fare .$2."'..- : / ; - /.. v ' V ' .
/ For- stable's— 12 men-'$60-to $75. :'-'."' ¦ U '''¦"
' For farmar-^125 men.- $30. $35,' $4.0 and 'fouhd.
.- For •brchards* i 25O mefi. $26, ,$30 ah^"found.--
. For-.ijairl.esrr<>5 men, £30.- $35, $4Q 'and ?f pu'nbT.-'
r For ' ch'ore's-T : 36'- men and hojs,. $30,- '-$25.. $20;- '
•$15 and' found.' ' ¦ ¦":•.•.." .'.-¦:.••'.' : .
. For. -'hay. hanvest— 63 Trteh; $1.50 A $2, $2' 50.
'¦¦day .and. found. ¦• " -. '¦¦"¦. ° ''¦¦:¦'¦:: : ''
¦ 36 friult pickers. $26 and found:" - \ ; .." ' •-{
:-¦ -.••¦¦•:¦.•¦¦/ look: -.'.-• •¦'.;•',¦-¦.¦•..:•
; 39 teamsters, city. $22. week; $2tt> $2 50 day.-
S 555 laborers. -country,. -$2." $2 DO/day.-' •'¦."•-¦¦¦
-Coachmen.' gardeners, private -choreriian. -•"¦-;-
: •¦;.. ' .*• MARRIED HELP yVANTED. : '.../; :
. IS.men and wives for mines, ranches, 'dairies, .
, hotels, sawnrllls/'etc.:'. .$ io; ; $50,' $60, .$7.0, ISO.
,'• and 'found./ • -' % ••".-. ¦ •¦••-.• '
; . MURRAY & READY, 634-636/Clay sty
:• ' ¦-'.- -- iMECHANICAL HELP. -''vV • ¦"• ! j '
: »>S blacksmiths,-. $3: " . '.- : • / "
V 9 helpers. $¦¦"; 12 bench'hands; ;$3 50. •'-;"•- -r
; IJ. carpenters... $3- to" $4;. .5, -plasterers,." $5 50..-. "
.Carriage rna.kers,' .$4.-' .••/: '¦.¦.¦•; -.¦¦••¦/.¦
-.'. 1.2 rocoers, ile barrel. " •' .- l ' '-..:.' : '-..:'/,- ¦"-
•¦9 brtck mplders.- S3 50; lfon"v.-prk*rs.~cpuntry;
':'¦ • 155 other • mechanics.' $3 -to- $6- day, -
.;• .MURRAY & READY, 634-i>?6 Clay st. ..
S6. LUMBER TRUSTS AND SYNDICATES.-
LOCATED IN ." : FOUR '¦'. STATES
MANAGERS HERE. TWO TERRITORIES;
•;•'.: . ••"..'; FREE— FAREr-rFREt::-. ... -. -" .-.":.
; "005; lab'prers, no experience- wanted, $35. to $70,
¦and found. " • • •' ¦ ". • -'..'// ..¦¦•'- ..'--. '¦
• ' 1St>- exaerlenced mill and' yard men. ¦ $10. to-
1 $150 --jftn*"- found. " "•' • "'..•¦.: '-...' " ' .". -.. !.-:'. '-.
I 3S3 woodsmen; $40- to $loO'and. found".: "1 ¦¦¦'.
! Stickermfcri.-' /-, "..-•.•': " ¦¦ ¦' Tallymen..
.Spool'. Tertders: ' . ' . •''¦'. ;'¦-.:¦ -Machinist,
;' Bucktrs,' tradcrnen; •'• ,/ : . ;. .- Line- pull er>..
• Blacksmith and ..wood 'turners-, '.barkers and
•'- car' loaders. • "• . - ''..... ' '¦.'¦' ¦.-:¦'¦¦':"'
V. Tree "fellers', : . ''¦%= ) .••¦¦.'...'¦ . Jackscrewers,
.: Log loaders^ ¦' -• • • ¦¦':.':¦' ¦ Shlng.!e : srfwyeris.
i-" Dolbeer. loggers. -'".' '¦.•.•":.'' :. : 'C"arrlage setters.i
¦ .Swa'njpers and' trirhrhers.- ¦; G-ariif edgermeh.
•¦¦: -tHlersiand'enKlneers'.' .'..'• •'•¦. : Saw 'fliers.
-'Pond 'men,' barid'kawyers'. 'Carriage dogger3.
}" Sorters, -e'ratfe.rs. and pe'elers. Chain tenders.- ¦
•;'. Shihg!<* packers, also- jointers." -chute 'builders.
: . $40,- S5O. $tiO.* «7.o; • $9,0; . $90, • $100 i.td $150-
•¦': month and found.' '.-.". .-.«• ..••'.'¦ •.'. . . '
: .*W-i : wocdc--h6pper-s-. tienjakers, shlni^le. post,
.;'" plck-ct -aid hox bolt;- makers, "tools, and p.ro 1 -
;*' visions -found. .-•'¦'-. *•¦"¦¦ * " '.-•
' 13IG. 1-" " • MURRAY &REA.DY.. .-
.i! ' TUt'STS - :• . .- 1 •"- iSM and 630 Clay. 8t>- .
HOTEL" DEPARTMENT. ETc7~ • -. '.-. • '.
'¦ 57: cook"s.% all. .-over /California. '?W).- ?S0;-. $7=3.
'¦'¦ $0f/. $50; ."$40, $3ff a-ntl . found,'. ' : "f or. ' hotels;-
frjlnes." sawmills, c^mpiv ranches, cafes, -res--
: taur"ants-, saloons, .harvest outfits, .-etc^ " ;
¦ r " IS. waiters; $35, $10. ?30 and;-.Touod " ;
' iu\ pot and dleh washers;. $;i5. $."><i; ?•_¦« au<T fa..
; IS -bell and elevator bj^s.-porters,. bcdmakcrS,
¦' ?J'.O tq" S45 and- founri.. . •-. . \." ' ' •• •
: >>lfip -maker. '^lU; porter, city, store, $40. .
''"12* taundrymen/.all* c>a?s*?s. .?18 ;wee k- .up."-
V «. bakers, and- helper.-?. $o0, $40, $'"0 and', found.-
•>• 1'2 boyss: learri .trades". • ¦-.'¦¦¦•* •' ." ¦•¦••'.
••' Wjl-" publish a -free-- bulletlif'of. ; lahor- daily,..
¦^contairUrig.!tt,000¦po•-i'V>•l*^•¦¦G•^ > l•P n « : ;
-.-¦ .."-¦ r*icRRi\Y. & "BfiAny," .
:'¦¦ ¦-••::;,•..• ¦: •'•¦:•.• - , • -.-; -, • 634-630 --Clay ," st, ".
! i" % . ' :-. ¦'.' .'.St^itJlAE^BY. "• MIt>NI«HT •- ; • . ! -
.- -Mali ¦¦-' -Phone •a-ncT Telesrapji.-. '.-.• •
-.; :V machlpj^t?.- fart paid, -.bos« -h-re. $50 fd,
• :• KecUpn' Vorenwrn. lumJbfr-.toinpany.- .boss 'here.
: 2':--A:aiters. for-.tnine; ,$3.0?.'nn4 (oun<l.. . ..
.'-"Third icocrk, Eureka. -fare, paid, : $o5.- ; • " •"
.:' - Bedmaker. ,' .porter^." bellboy-^, city- _ hotel,"'. $20-
:.- antf.- found. V*>^ :' : - •' '•"• •' ' '-.,.;•
' ¦ BlacHKfitb:'" camp'. ¦' free; .fare,' .sa-wm.lll ; cont-
;¦ party.. . -W0 -.ftnU'roiifld-. ,--.'. •'• '.¦•¦ '.¦"..;¦
.>„• Butcher.? S,on.oroa County,- $35' found.; Portur
' ¦" zueseV -mtlk'e--, : $i$5." .'¦' ' " •¦' ..*'••: -'¦.
:- rtremanVi'clTedg*r; .'.little, blacksmlthing, $40
• ' *aiid-'found' t ¦••"¦¦'-" '¦ ¦•¦ ¦*. , '. ..'•- '/¦¦''' •"
= Young fiiari- -care -of . toy--,- city- institution,.
', '$:''()'' aTid/ fo'und-'- ¦ ' • • -•'! '• ' '¦'. ¦'¦ f »- •¦' •¦!¦„?¦
'¦': Clerk.- yofang. man." jclty wholesale ;office: $40;
: - -waiter. Kanta Clara Ccunty. $35. and found.
¦''.Milker'.. Sao "Jose. .;«33.'and ftjund:/. .^.'¦J.
-¦:-3.-fRrrnei-s;. .Kairfte ranch,- 2- horses... o0c far?,
'. $."0 -ana..'^ourrd. •-•.•:.•. ¦'¦•¦•'. ' ¦' '*:¦¦¦
¦ Baker'- Shasta '.'County,: small. '.shop. $.r)2 50 fd: :
¦''•¦ Butcher. a.U\round. maii'j.fare-43. .$40 found;
;'-.-¦"¦. v ./:- .'"¦«: SPECIAL.' ;. ".;• .•.••":•
: Bartende-r: German, ibuatry hotel: boss here,
¦ ¦$40 fd".;"al?6yard man;- same plir.?. $25 f*.-
"i'c.a,r.riaf-:e' : se'tte.r8,":boss "here, $2 75 -d*y. fd. •
•'.'.¦Ma'eh'lnlst, winery.'-south". $50 and found.- '- -
•' : *Lathe' Hand,'.' winery.'. south,- $40.Jnd found.
JW^t^ThakerSi 'fare 30c. $40. arid, found, . . .
' .'-Blacksmith-. • AJturas, f are ; paid.-. ?i, w). day.
.'.¦••2 .laborers," factory,"--10c: .fare.-.$4o^ - ".'..
• 3- furnace- men for mine. $3 fare. *75. ." ¦-• .
•V:5 carpent-irs, .Monterey' "County, >00.. . - -
:'¦¦ Man, 'ru"-). ice' machine., dairy, |4T)"-found".-..-
'./' Painter. arid .tlnter?' $3 day."-.-- • • " ".' ".- > ;*• •.¦.-¦•
: Aesayer.' gold, m I hf^ "boss -here. Ms salary. .••
;. BIGGEST WAGES- MJJRRAY>;& READ.Y;
-'. BEHT PLACES AT /; ;. .- .. ytfetiSt;. Chty \s J.
BOYS ' >•• ¦'¦" ¦' "; BOYS. -.¦"••. •¦¦•.•.' : ." BOYS.
; 1-i'bays. fpr'ariox; factory,. fare $5, -.$3.2-80 and
• ' : !'""/r;iURRAY:& READy..^4f<S&CJay jt.-
"PIG/ '*•- ¦ ," ' SHASTA ".,-.:: ;.".. '.iUilBER
.- LUMBE.R "TRUST.- SHA§TA ¦
•6 laborers', general •work.;you i ll.'S.un, 1 $irw>. .
. 2 --screw getter's,- $105. . " :•/. '.".•" •> "..'.'-. : ".* '•
.'- '2 offbearers-.*$«2.00.- * " ••"•¦•*•".- •¦- \
10 crosscutters for wboas-.work. $.60 and found
'. '25 laborers' t'6 "pile lumber. $82. CO. .-' * •
: .' SPECIAL FARE $S. STEADY. GOOD JOBS.
M.URRAY & READY; 631-636. Clay st. ;
»Sis/;-"'i::'-SoK
¦ "0 of them. to. build barns, 'sheds., etc.; mll-
" : lionaire's own private work. 60c. fare, . $0«>.
'• 6 carpenters,* factory.. fare$l," " * $90.
•¦ . ".-» MURRAY & READY.. 634-630 Clay st.
• - , • " THIS IS GOOD. . -• . •
1'5 laborers to help carpenters" .hajidle lumber,
do "any other'laborlng work, fare 65c, $00, ln-
••' crease to $67 60;- boss at" our office.
: HUBRAY & READY.. 634-636 Clay st. .-
!$5 000 000 " ~ BANKING SYNDICATE
" 25 men among fruit, etc., fare $1. • $2tt fd.
t MURRAY &. -READY. 634-636 Clay St.
TUOLUMNE CO. .* R. R. FARE PAID.
25 laborers, big- lumber trust. . . * - $60.
r . MURRAY & READY...".634-630 Clay St.
OREGON*' FARE Z ~ TO-DAY.
TO-DAY. PAID." • OREOOM..
25 woods laborers and woodsmen. $35 to $80
fd. MURRAY & READY, 634-C36 Clay st.
$1 TO BUTTE, $1— CHICO. " ' '*"
20 teamsters, laborers, axmen, $<5.
' MURR~(VY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
BARBERS, take notice — On* and after Monday,
August 3, our new . wage scale goes Into ef-'
•fect: also all barber shops open. at 8 o'clock
: In the morning. Indorsed by the San Fran-;
Cisco Labor Council. JOS. R. BLEILY. Sec-.
' retary Cocal No. 148. J. B. I.. U.. of A.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 per
pair, foot-form shoes at $2 50.. or orthopedic
shoes. $3 50; best shoes on earth". 11 Third
-.- St.. Examiner building. 5 doors from Market.
BRIGHT boy, age 15 or over.' wanted for office
work: salary $4. with chance to advance.
Address In own handwriting, with' reference.
• box 4960. Call. . - ;.¦'.- ,.
PANTS and vest maker for the country. Apply
REISS BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st. . .
WANTED — Union barber from Saturday noon
to Sunday .noon. 1033 Kearny st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday afternoon" and
- Sunday morning; good man. : 1000 Mtasion mU
'¦'.; •" .' r - • sax fiuajcciscoV call. ' - •;. .
• j 'Js6dlS'£S9-' pmCB-.of -The Sail " Franctspo
<r-s.Il;.rcorner . Market.. and : Third- streets; open,
.-until J12 'o'clock -every night lxr the year.
': : .BRANCH .V"e-FICES^-$27 -Montgomery street,
coYner -Qaj;- cpen. until ; 9:30- p. -ol. .•;..;•; •
• ••£0tf Hayes etreett "open unUrStSO p. m. .. .
. ' JC39>Mc"Amster street'; open until. 9:80; p.m.
; .r'ciS-rLajrWnstree.t; open, until -9:30 pi- nv '•*
;. ".I-S>41" -Mission' itrWt; open-. until 10 p. m. ..-'
f ..'226l'- Market street. . «ora<r ' Slxteentbf opea
' u-ttUb.'*9''t»s ¦tpc.'i:"- ." ¦'¦' >". ••;..•¦:.•'."
V ."jojS Efevenjai street: open -until 9 ' p. jo- . :
'-. ': iim. Valencia street; open until 9 P- B"-^ ; .
;'Nor^-*'est;corrier'.of > Twenty-«ecpnd ab« Kea-
¦i"ucky"etiT«ti; : opt*n until.9 p. xn. '. '. . ..
•'¦" .•jaoo' Flllraore 'Stieet: open until .9 p. m.
'-• ' : j- ¦ ".- cHCftcii sek vices. ¦ '¦-._¦
!v^V^ a^^k^f^S
• !«t "a-43 a. m C E-. socletiee at 5:30 and o...w
/- t :m ?s a tVaniers e*Sg» *<**«&
•• 'vices; -.- Pews fr?*- Courteous ushers. Come
-.-' \an« Torlrjc. your friends. "- •' ' ; _^.^
•• ':-.; ."¦¦>." . -MEETING SOTICES, '¦ ¦ :
¦" •¦¦iSO -' Aug.- 1; at ;7:>0; o'clock, :M. M. /TV>
; .•decree", 'liv order of: thell./P- • ¦ •
'- • \-^ : - v '/FttAX-KLlN. ¦«:, PAY. Secretary^
iiTl'^rOK-LotiKe ''No:-"'.l»S9.--F.-'and' A. M.'. J»
•mveuhS vTHIS .< SATURDAY) VST'.
' "I-Hr-KVING". st 7:30 o'clock.. ¦ Second />r\ .
¦;'; "degrte- -' V Sy'.E- : aTlLAN.: Secretanr. - •¦ .
¦1JN mUs -Lodee ¦•. No. •- 2i«i ,F- and A-. • M.-r- j» "
¦.•¦.Spe-ilal-' -meeting.. .."St: .John's --Ua'IL-X/V
• THIS : (SATUKDAY) . EVENING, ai /V\
¦.^.r:'3o."O."trii^k./ Tii-rd degree., 'Master .-.' . •
-¦•¦¦'Ma>bhs, ar>'.c"o.raially- -Invited.;' By' brjder-of
•.••,.-^"^- : Ma^'r.-.;'J'.'.fe'-<»Q'LI>SM'ITH-..^cretary.-.-'
r R-r7pKL.Cork ; Benjrvoient Association— -a^"-"*!
¦ - --^Grtlf .'ho'M : iti- iseventeentb annual pl«-. Vv\ x J
>.'~nl"c".in'-S"aeI|'-Jtoun"d;Park. ¦Berkeley i .on •'jK'^ll
BVNjtlAY,: August 2. 1»M.> 'Numerous pJ[^Br»
¦ -.; ' -Jate mnd-.-gahte.- prizes.:- A '¦ Domestic . JfTCt
.-.- •'•<fewlng-ni*chine 'will be .given f or !a first gate
¦!• ¦firtee'.-now.-cip ' exhibition at 1021 Market «t,
• ''¦¦•A.-- Ci«t-el*«s 'ufiron-'.-band -will ..tfe'-lh 'attend--
.*- . : Boats : lea-v*. ei-ery haJfi-hoUr ' .for. the
:-': •..•it«:rk,'! I -'B.uy;-, ;.Vour . '.tickets -.for' Shell Mound.
I'Tton't forget the date; as: this 'Is the , picnic. of
• ' jjjif /si'asHii IT'ihiisj. fliiriisf T ! ¦•¦ •• - ; • -•'
••¦: y •:•;=. '¦"•r-.."O/ -:¦¦ ¦ }Pl VEASTiiChiirnuLn. :
I^^^CRONJNr^^ret^/.!.:/:;.--,. :/::;!- ;; ; // •
'/IXXfAL >xiii'rslpn..ar!.i} ©tcnic. ."of -th*. **fi"--^
• ¦.'•^liuA^p-'. JB'irlncr •B»j»e.vpl*nt -As-rocia" l^^f^
¦;-'.'?ioh'-?jJ t«e held aa'.jCl.CamtK) : Suiida.y.:\£*£^^
: - : .- .x?/g:-'2: ¦¦axe.kinprs: Oeh:' 'PrisBiip apd . Mo-aticeilo
r '.--.y.llr"le*'v«i' ; ¦MjJ>K,ji-K'-.reet-'-*'fesirf -«t'9:45,":i'i;39
: ¦; :: jiya^l^ao ¦ p! : in .' y. 7jick>ts'yan..be' faad'.at wharf.
/TrV't,"^.; rkcmWrg : of ;.fc6caT^"b.' «\4. T.XJ: Si E.--
• : iHa'iine^^'irimpo-iancJE'.wUl-.-be tranfcacted" at
¦¦.^-lt-h«f.-r-x^.ttugvcJ : :-Aug-.-.3..- 15KJ3. ' _\U members
, / fti;e-.'ct<j-jeKted" /.t6..atten'dj. i--.'..-'; ¦ ' '..'¦ .-•' i/"'/. % .
-.' " i. •!-, - •••.- • : : : b a nh: t. V a niels.! Pres ident;
v : .V^¦^>A,l^U^ : ;BRApy^mi).vRex^;¦^.Sec:;; ; , / '¦¦
•;«N^X' : Ai>'-^M 1 !*^ 1 '* : - Jt"»<li>i ¦ ton' an4 Lo-
jr VcofeoUve vWbrkSr— The'annaal'. meeting' of t-be
-.-¦•ttAkjioliierii'.ot. tile Jllsdoh" jron and- Lpcor
'. _ ' Wtft i v« cWorks,- f ot the-.-elecflori Jof '..'trustees
:•«-." Kpt-AJi'f .e.bsulng';y5ear:and.;.the ;transacttcn -of
• \\ :«--rch' business -aa jtoay.be brought -be-
¦%¦ vOiteV.'tile-oieieting.-' wnl;.be---fc*?ld' at. the fofflce
"• -2?" ¦ ine <o-ijp*rnv. .\Np_'.-20S Steuart "street; -. San
. •,".Fr.».nci«-Ov'.oh ¦^3ONpAY,'the"3d'. day of Au-
-.-: iguifci.- 1303 -at. II - o'clock «.. m: . ' . ¦.¦¦¦¦¦¦,:.¦
';^"V.-::'-'v.'. : -""'-XtrGt:STVS TAYLOR.* Secretary..-''
A;G.EXTS,-.\i T AjvTEb;!;. ; /¦•>.. '-,.¦ '
•."¦.-•A.<>KX-*jfev.-»-k-nt-^'-'=e>-.ej-j-wte'riK: to! iiandle. '"Nov-
¦• •'••' A'. •.'>*.¦ fc' irn : Caris" ' ; .eA'erj- merchant bu> - s . f rbn:
' .; /,<>. f-.;' :V*>. oji ¦-.-fietitz : syo: varieties .-catajoguf
:¦ - : ; v<W ' ;^i 'l.l-l VA N .' (.-O!;- 1139. Maplewood ave.,
: : : •'¦^"tii'-»e">''H"V!'/ /.;-':'V.'.:''/-:-;.: : ; -.' : .! :V /- ;: :- "! ' ;
'defgHra AK*a^spiiiciTO*as wasted
' "¦ Vi'X'X T ED^JGppd ' -asTn ts . In every • /city I ¦ ani
.-.".toVi n:.tn -the United ¦ States tp. >ili dlamondi
¦ •....-r>!}.h:>i».::-r.^:-.tt;- ,TpntiOe/ plan!; /known 1 aj
.;... ¦.T«ftfr>t' ¦•diamond ..cofctracta;- -nieh to ; oi>en ' til
-. .¦.'-¦'•::€•* -Jerjilory -.jtit- TriaLtTagers iti. dlfrerent parti
¦-.^.'bT..tbe -9t5.-jn.try;, 'cebtractsvnin 52 weeks ai
•¦' : '..'rt<;ar'..*ivhlt,e ! 4Umo!-?d. : .-pr .$100 i-'-jii gpld. coin it
.-• v .fleti.V'iheript; •• -iayestiirtf-jt tiiys' -50 .per ceni
•-.'; iifpftt-' *s:eritsl/hien5 : -is a" cpntracf- that wil
•¦..• v t>llr&nd -vne. that you can iet paid for sell-
v" •i^.KC'-.-'A^ri^ :»p-f -8P2.. -Tall office; Oakland.'
V ;^^^ : ';V ; -; : -!-': A .^^M ) py > / >: ';'' : '¦'¦¦'./¦:¦''. '--.
': AVf rCtpfey.'taiiRht; .iioretcopes cast-; ."¦ Prof. '•' Rky-
V--tr.ona;,-br-pk>t:re;^^ 't^:V'£llis. : By ciatl .if<ie.-lreA
; ; --^Ht; r^ATTOit>^s'AT./Liw; : /. :; :/:. . ¦
i-M^rf-r^^—^-r^-^ -~~~-^ ¦ ¦-.- r. ¦...:.. ¦^¦¦¦¦. J ;.
,-.AU.y^eK. F4fEli^-ALXr.;LEiGAL
.';' »"i'>''rMV6jac£;[A^'p,-'PR!(lBA"I\E CASKS.."-;.-"'' ;
/-.•;Na"f*pa$.'-.'f*y .*4vinc>^Nu- .cha^e ! : V.'lt.n.6ui
' < "i..r% 1 -^ic'i:Vf6.;- eitales; ¦ a-iin*-tnii.*ats, daniatjea.," -
;^:V/^v;O:.i: : ;<]i:^!::APAMS;.v/V. : .//v,:> ;
' :... ¦;'¦¦: R»<?7». • S V&\ : '.X h trd I floor. .'.- Exam : h/ir. bu fid! rig. ¦ :
. ..'nCi-BT,, .Wl'-^.ys'.Gj--- atty r a :W>^WiExaiUlr.e'r lid.
'•..' .'TtC;"Cli;- ail-, 'cages,- .'aadia-ges. "¦ j-sia.tc»;.-' wills
¦ '.*.*>.lt!ic'h-aQ«its;; •.'"ce.uifciicps, ¦• etc. ; : ¦.¦''c.onsuliatjbi
'; ..•."•:frp*e^-;^o*. 1 aavjftjci|r! '_-c.*j'arges; . Vail:, .^r- write
'.' ''•V''*i t h^*''''- lt ''^ j*ci?°'. l J-t"S | « b t-";"^'T5! :. : .-:'Ji*4^SiJoii'.'
:;\j^f-jC!I*PTi»tUentioS.'l3.»li 'eA'sei* dlvorc«,esMite»
'" "i^iTIiji ncujs'."" ho feeiti '-uiirpM eyecessf ill '¦» ca'll o:
.: '":-»'j;U« r : i"-eV.e*; : .-Tui6«J*-aa.*'ri-..; pft.-15 yrs^-EI*
;;..'/,'yARPACK."UvY,;-.a?7 -..;Market;'-ielJesi-te: 1530
¦: A'-lj'v1'CE-Xr«;e^J/::w'^
' : //i6^yiiJii^;'.<iiiy'0t^^p-Ptphi%eia&i{^i6j^w is."
1 '¦¦¦ '. '< iieV; *6- jf^f s- ..Iri.-'ailvarice':' -open '.eVjeVy. even
'^^"'.>r?s'- : J : ;M.'~HyRSTp;N.;.JSlS Mar>M-i : gt:/-r;,3i
.' iiC-rlVliiE^r-ree.: : dlyorj:'t«.- «. «"peclalt-y.:quick;aulet
-?.- •¦" r iro-'ch4rge - Wlthpa'r .eucceFB-: 'establlEbed. }5." yrs
. s . '.HJVW'.^H&WE;.'. .1122 /MarJret.gfr. epp.'. SLale^s. '
V fciTtB? "•?L\\*C'iiC:V'Ex-;iqa.'!-^r^Xeis;b'idgr.'9?7- : -il& : r
-. -I '.;k?V Er-: ;-'.co'nEurtattori Ir^e; jip-.rees Un-adva;ni?e
"&;.'AtTKEN : :> ajuo.rcejrrs'.-. rs'. .309,1^-1
-..•.-¦>:!ur-|e b-;dc:..'.5q3.C/aiiforr\ta-'6t;:'teL'Maln 727
: ,."-iyll'?t' MA-TTHEtA'S.' a-ttorqey at i'aw.".«ai»"; Mar
;¦ -.-'. ;ket".«t»i..'-rpon-( -.23; Att»\ .a;*vjcfif .-bank; ref i
'•'¦' : 'v_'";'-[.*V ; .; .^v'Bi**a'ps; : :'pocsV.-'feTifx''.' '. : * ' ..'•'
• : .- "i*OU5^O- t#lkfng"-ti'rroTs-,.$j eac'ii ;X3erraiJi tingln/
' '* - 4 Viiiuir!.ef .''$2*;i Wt .will try ."to"pTe'aseTOU':><\, : ery
._j .^.tl-nng..')n."c*u-*-ljrte,.aVrlghT. : pric-f-;: : 4. < >^gM-arket
' '.&kfiM"A'S*-!'.-wq*BJi.n-' -wants. ;l 'sir': "2"..chlldr<»ii -ti
S y'^biAr^.'JTfr-giveri. '.- ,-812: / T.feea--:-.a.ve;*-' : .-n'r.. :19th
y;.:^*^.;<";./"qVRiyEi^-^ijtAy«;^; : !-v.^. j;..^:
.>"•'• A' -X-"^ ''¦'•^v-v 1 '¦t-^ l^^rr: : V'^ ¦: lil - ? V-l;" ";•;
'^¦'. v : '.* ' : -/^-^^TJ^^^P^1^i:-':h\
"'• .* '-'**-?"?.-f your;; ,cat_tJ'e.;'«d-.-raJse.i;ther
tfjiici a -r«faareiV«f;' ihe':.'-mjflfi.- .guaranteeing'., ya
-.-•a'^ce'-;tain;-xnerei*e.- ; .' • ; ;'-';'* : •:•'..".¦. ~v !-'."-."; <: : j .;¦-.
' "'If •you-'fevirjst. '-yjour-'n^Qney; .with" .us «U1- jrukran
..'tae" Veu'; affixed ; lncojpe. secured .¦.•."5jr;.t}ie; °bei
.•/¦-of .cbilileraJL.-- -':'•¦ ¦•:'.;'¦•..¦. '¦';.'. --;V^ ¦ """ •• •¦.•¦•" "
.-.": -"fikjik" rt^erV-ncesi.- • -Al'mahicenient.' ' ;¦.. " ';¦.
¦ ;.'.' '-c'-AiiFGRNYV CX.TTLE Aicp .LAND .CO., :
• ; •.;,*"? •''; ;*'.•?' • ';'.' -/.;' V:6p'l-cei : HaywJard 1 \bld;
j ••'."CfcA'NT-Ao teH"-yo«"-r .b-jsiness"?" 'i " '- r -v' .'. '
>. " '-V ¦ : see'u. w.- -vyiLFpnD,. '•• ".V; :¦
¦••* I •*•"¦-•.«•"•'.'-¦¦,. -BuslfiefS. .Age.B.t. '-¦*) ' •.- -
'.':•"'¦'•'. j3 -TaVlor ¦Bt.;..cornejr'-G<ll.aepiGaie: av«
V-ffTSO." .':/"*/. -''v'-.-v" •-."¦"'.¦•.-•.• '•'.-¦¦. "'¦¦ .-:••
.'••a ¦,. •nc»-t*?tiran.t.atia bakery- "located' in-be-jt-paj
-,-- ."¦.ng.dfetriot Irf th"e.-'c;fJy;'-aoiBg'.a thriving busi
,'. .-/- nefe> : fcea'ts- '¦<;*;¦ 'receipts -"average $40." dalli
;':.- !•¦ rrr.t' »etf-jntfb:c"-:"-.oV-Tiex h»rs -other, business an
. _. -.i»-jiftjfeU. .;.-Ii'.',"fl^"WILFORE>. 3 Tayler.st.
• WMtfTtlV-^Tb -istab'llsh.' an" agency" for . Sa,
• •--¦J'r-Bn'HFf-o*' afid c .vfcinit)- tor the '. sile .of th
j -."'Certer '»«rtetylen'c:'.Gars Generrtors ; are; tl)
.« r>iOB«+-r*-'of »the *UEiness: ,have t-he most i-lrr
; : *:l>l«-;,--'Wflclfnt -^BhiT.cconomfcal *mact-.inec|n th
'•* <^i»rk<;t:.--favoratjle, -terms tt-UI -be oEfered t
-. * • a-j.^-c'iV-cie-icejJ party. .icidreEs Niaftara "Far
¦¦'¦¦ ¦ -.A'cetyJ.enV Gas Generator Co., Niagara. Falli
\ •'•N^w.l-Yoihk: V ' . . • " • t
"' f2.vV-^rGAR'Eta-ritl-: O;-F»rrell"sl.: owner %icl
" '• $0 *tp-$9' Tlay.. MOSSMAX. <50 Market -st- r
" 51C00,— SAC/lOX.aBd IodVlr.R-houi»e: ~t) roo'mi
. .rent -$52/fcO> lea-se. .jlOSSMAN. £5<*.*Mafke'
K^LOCl?C--bus=ir)p»s' for. s^*le; -very cheap. • Ar
-"-T'lJi 45 Van* 'Ness- .ave. ' . c :
. c *fO'lt f^le,— QtJod ' ."whslfsare -and reUil feet
,-irraSn. ,hay a/id se*!l tri-jr-in^s in-.-vunty sea.1
.^00f» populaticm: 6ther buFinese cause of
. , |Aildrc(^ c bo»"4ei3. Calt r office. • •*.
- * ¦ *— • — fi r *! j — :
.. "O'.ANTED— J3?-- rxperjenced- mnn -with* $,35,o0(
- . a. partner.' witb. c *5imUkr -capital: 'object,'; fur
- niture credit bUBin«>t«: etate full particujari
Xddnrsg bcx-^6H^ Call 'office, o . V
_,< HALF- Interest "tea and congee b.urinc?B. ¦ crock
**ry. 'ctc.'r- rood Vtore .tj>de- and routce; abuu
-.- C R5(R). Tl > «ITTLE,:l31 San "Pablo ave.. Oak
' land. ."... * .. . c . . * - »r.
:-'m» t_i : .»• -•
\VANTED— By-3trst -class Oerman cook,. J^ lr
-.tefest in good .restaurant o_r qoffee saloon, t
,'«itar» new place. Addrfw' b/JX 4C1B. Call.
!$5<>p«-PA'flTNER;. $150..itipntfi each; perma
« cent; no 'agents^ Box 4(S17. Cajl. -.-•?,-.-:
OYSTER and efcep.. "house for sale, -160 i'lft
sa-ect * • ' r •;•.•*.
• r * * . * - * * ' * - .*
' OUTSIDE* route . Xo. . -f this paper /on* sal«
c* J nculre hard waVe store,* 39th gnd' Folsom. all
A*iIra*>'CH office Jor Call advertisements an
•subscriptions • baa 'been established at^-10%
s." . v«i<h-.<-ih <5 • ••. -. • . :
: _._ BLSIXESS .Cjtt-AIVCES \VA\TEP.-.
* HATS, clothing, ifnpr. gen"*'mer.ch. ; -$12.000 \jj
in good country town. Mtissman. 650'Maske
.1 u . , . ... =
•'.-,* c . •cni^OPODISTS^ ./ -
JOCNLAP 8 FOOT INSTITUTE. 50 Geary--A
WlmesU of the feet cur^d; corns, C-anleas.eti
' HELP WAIfTED^-MALE- -Co*. ,__
m • • '- '.'¦ ——— *. ¦ •
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT * AGENCY, * # " *-
$20 SACRAMENTO ST.'
... _ -.'Fbone Main 11S)>, cor. Leldesdorft .st-
t\ -.-**• • "Steamer* Sails To-day. •*
• \\' ' Steamer . Sails **Aa-day.
. :• • .-• . Steamer Sails ' To-day. :
. O. •tR. It N. Co/s sf earner Columbn. sallfj
• this' morning*. Call early to-day. •* *
• •¦¦'• . ••Call Early To-day.
• •• • . •• Call Early To-day. " *
." Astoria, * • Oregon.
Astoria,'" " Oregon^ Columbia River.
. FEE $1— FARE *$3. . .
\ I Fee $1. • fare $3, including berth and. meals. '
No >t*-lke; company work; no* discount. *. . .
I 25 laborers, you'll «uit.*$2 25 day. .• . ,
.25 rfickmen. A 1- jobs, $2 50 day.- •
, Board $16 month. ¦ • $1& mqnth'.board
'.""Call early, -as the steamer sails this rporn-
• lflg. ': Big crow* going. Fe'e |1.« • •/'-/_.' .
' " To Astoria.- near Portland. • . • .
•' NORTH. \ •' " SIsrflYOU" COUNTY.
• Special fate'dt fa*re. Grea/ rawmill .ct>m-
• pany. .Slsklyou County.* North. * ••' .*
.15 laStfrers, work around mill. $2* 40. day.**
• ."2 screw setters. $3.50- day. ••". * * *, .
-.10- crosscut "sawyers, $52 fdUnd/ woods. •*
•" 10 boxs.'for box factory, $1 75 days ;**¦'•
25 'inert (Swed.es • pref^rred>, . pile 'lumber,
• -.$-2 J5-day, .SJskly.ou County, go , *
¦".-'8 muckers,* *$2 day; 6 dri*llers. $2*25 to $2 50
-.".day;, 'tunnel,* near clty,»A hour 'shTIftj. * •
. FREE' FARE. TO WIULITS*. .'. FEE $1.-
• lO-JabQTei-y.'anil'teanistefs. £2 25 'day. • .
BOSS HERE! TO-DAY. .; .. • • • FEE $1,
.li laijorers -hear city, big aompany,;. steady
•' Job year roifnd. $2 day; 8 miners., north. $75;'
¦2- tunrielrpen, *$4 day; 12 .muckers,-, \unneh,"
. • tree 'fare; $60; *6-.tunnelmen > , s-une place. $75 r
.'20. labocers,*' muckers, jnlnes. $60.to..$75:"*3
'rough carpenters, near city, $3 day, 'JongjQb...
• boss here. '••' . • -.- "-. ; ' .• *• ; • •.
. ¦ ! .BUTTE. CptNT=!r-^OHICQ^-"FEE :$1' ' * •
! ";60 *teamste"r's, laborers . and.". rockmen,. "$2. 23
?. to $2 50 day;-f*e-.$l. "Ship to-night. .- '
¦•• -.3.- P.'R. R.' CO.'S OWN.WOR.IC-
• FREE-FARE*- FEE^-We ship* on -all trains.
..-at. all. times on section "and", extra gangs. '¦'.
/.. .-. .'.'¦• LUMBER-. JSX>RK." •••¦¦•*.-.-¦.¦'
• ' . It) 1 men,' - Tuolumne County. ' .$ L" 50- ' fare,- $2.
• -day;'10 laborers. -Eureka, n»lf, f are, " $ 4p..an<f
.'. -'found;: 10 .laborers. . Humboldt; Co'unty'.' -.$35
1 '•- and --found -..'blackstnlfh^ .-country "-shopy- -no.
'J -shoeing.-.- $3 50-' d"ay; stenbkrapher. # city, $65';
"• •-¦porter, .country hotef..$25 foand; cook.; fac-
• " tory, Nevada. ?40 found*. . *. • .* ." •• "." ."
.. -• V. • • HUNDREDS. OF OTHER "JOBS. >'¦ ,'
.' ¦.Call-' arid get a"ll»r of":}obs.' ••*.
. •/' -,.PACilflC.EMPLOY5IENt..AGENCT,> % ' "
'¦•' : • • .-- i ,'y • ¦-•' • 520. Sacramento stv - ",
ANb^E'.S" OFFICE.: 317' STOCKTON" ST.". ' "'
; •¦ -Drtver'-and stableman -for' .Institution, coun-
' fry; $25 '.to $3.0; -first-Mass coachman^ $«(T;sta-
" .bieman^'countcy, $30; gardenef and do- chores,
. -.*-;5: gardejer. coiintry. $20; -plain carperiters.
•'• $3 -a -day; laborers, privat.e park/., country. •
:'• ""$2'6. a"'hd fou.nd^-2 teamsters.; Swedish indoor!
.•senvant, city.. $30.' etc.. '-. ¦;' ¦¦'•'.••¦ ".'^_
-A— HO'TEL. GAZETTE, i;6 Mon tgomery:. -;rm': 12.
¦ • Coojc. . $75 : • second. .cook.--,$50-- steward, .-$75. ¦;¦ ;-..
;W-AN"i*ED*^-Young'" "man/. - sa Jesmah ' for'- boya"
•¦; '^furhlshlng- goods.' "department',:'- ApWJtv*S^-N*»j
';..-• WOOD, ft : CO.:- 7.4O ' Market: st..- >. . .. : 0' '/ -.?' : '
•'.WANTED^-Ext'ra caiiihbirjys' f bV
.-'• pljf ;P..N, .>VO€lD!.-&Cp'.-;; : .740 Market kir ¦/:¦ '_:'
WAN.TEb^ClotHirig salesmanV .Apply -at: '*9U
V N, \YQQD &CO.'.S, .740 Market- et. . , ¦¦/> -:¦¦¦..;.
'WANfED-hBright.. energetic ; man ..tor - office
'-work-. :pFlhr)pa'lly- collecting-.. must-be-exp ; ?.rtr :
'.'.' e-jced arid -able; to- furnish .exceptional 'refer-.
• : ' : .ences:-;\. Apply .'.Superintendent's/ O.fflc«;'. Tbe
; . Emporlunl.' ...' ."-./'.' /"*.•.•!'"' '.-¦* : '..t'.--.-"...^''. ; , '.'• :?':/-/' '•'
WANTET>-rin' a '•'. wholesale ..dry! godds houses
.': .young man. ai caller- In. entry-room.;", give ref r
/¦erehcea and 'last- place ¦employed.-' Address
box/4961; Call;! ; / - |.> ; A .:¦:'/:'•; ,. -^ •¦'¦:
WANtED-^-By -: a . well-established -wholesate
'.house; '.aii ..experienced •specialty '.salesman;
y.giVerefs. and last emproyer. Box; 4270, Call.
.TRY. pur- men's shoes, union- made, at .$1' pair;.
; . foot-form shoes, at $2 50; we pay express or
.'¦ 'roair. charges. -Jl.thtrd -tt,; Examiner bldg.
.WANTED^Few /smart lads tq" hall up boxes.;-
i gpod'.. wagesi ,;¦ 2012 -Upward st.;;'..- .' \' : ;'' .:-' v '•
WANTED—A strong young man, as. porter. 21,2
¦•¦^p'Farre^l/st. .-.';¦/¦• //!;.-: Vv.y..:.V--^; -/:-/..;'', .^' >¦
WIA N'TED-^-Bpx brand engraver;- state- experi-;
erice and waces expected. Bipx 4622,: Call, . .
-. ¦. ¦..../' .'¦•/¦ •';;' . ¦.¦¦>;•' ' ¦: ¦" !!.... ."'. — : ..,¦ . . ."/. / . . . ¦ -
BpYiWantedr reataurant. ,^ ..Market, st,. !
BOY. b«wtblack;..must-under»tartd. bis- business
:. and' have h.i» own. brushes.^250 Sixth, sr.. •-¦;.--.
MAN to assist dishwasber : .and assist Inkitcheni,
-. 384 Fourth st. -.".¦ ;'/ ¦'¦/.;:-.:; V :^-;.:': : . : .; :: ¦ ¦:'..'
•SyAl-TE«'w.ari.tea'-a-t:-'6.13;-ciay'.'Bt;' : ;''| V'.^ .':', ¦'.':'¦ '¦-:.-':'
BARnCR" ' sho^ .; riot' for ; sale; ;... 1407-. Buchanan
'¦ street.*.! .'¦'..''-' '- ¦ -r-.'^v^ .'''•'.''.••'••*•'-''¦•.'''.•-':".;.
BARB'S^- shop" -to- let/ - 1000/Ppweii:gt r // ; -. .!.;
BARBERS— 2-cha.lr^sh'op-. living-rooms;' lease*
' • jnap-/--.-230f>,' H.award-st,-': - '<".-\".'f. : '- ¦'.¦.- ¦ '. '.'¦¦'/".-
!'TRY:oUr men's- shoes/' union/ made, at* $1 pair;
: ' foot-f dj-mr. slibes at" ti .50;».we i 'pay • express . or
..- '"malt. eTuirges. " 1U *nilfdf».t.-.'.Exam'ner;.bl.dg..
w"ANTE'D^-Er.ra"rid-rbo"y"*.age iT3fc lto""l4.". yeits:
.: o..y<\. NQRpftELL/ sot,, Bush; su>;;.;; : 'v...:-
PAYIN'G : i-chalr". barber^ flhQp;/do'wiitbw.H.v Aik
.- - fpr;-H.".BAtJMyiO5J>Market"-8t::;V ¦'.¦->;'/.. -^::'
"'BA-R.BER-* show ' oW-establiJh.ea. .'corner^ "¦. EHls
!; and *Web's.tei- .sts. ; "f.or.rent; f'^Uy' .furnished;. .
TR-Y'our.roen's.-sh-bes, .iinfon made, at $1 pair;
•• -fqot-.f ofm- "sJioes • jtt''-$2" 50"; -.we • pary- es.pre.ss'.'6r :
••• m'a'U chargesv. .-11- Thlfd -st.. 'Examiner bl<*g ;
WANTKD^-For the. U.'.S. % Wa'rlhe totrxmi^M*
-" bodied-, unipar.ried m'en. .between itX /and;' 35;
• goo'a' character; must- speak;" .rekd-.at.(J; •write
. English; marines "serve, at sea pri'men-of-wir
in- all -'parts of -the.- world;- on land' ta-vuT-'ist*
' -and p6s->esslohs, and at; "naval. -statlons.-ia .the
• • United S.tate"s. .Apply at-recriiidnj-f :pf.flc*'.':"40
• '-EllijCst..' Sarn Franci-fc6,-'-CaJ.V'22^"~/:N.->lain
si/. LOs. Angeles, "Car., and 401 -K 'sfcy- Sacra-
mento,." Cal. "."/ • ";.. "-.¦ * ".-7. -•'.*.-.'¦"¦•- -T.- >¦•"•".'¦•
"WANTE'lS — A Vellable -young \rnan- of ' ffopd .'api
• pcararic* as floor walker; .mas't-hav.e'--a: thor-
¦¦ ough knowledge* bf -dressing .ctoak- windows-.
".- M. SIMlNOFF>.12^8.MarIift st>- =..'¦; •:.'•... V> ;
PICK hops In" Afigust;;-e"njoyable. .healtHfufand
• very .profitable ouXlngy'-fof Tnen. "iwolnieii .and
, -children. Call" Jor- "write", to- E. eLEMENS
.- HORST- GO:,. 122 Batte.ry St.. ,Sa'rf .Fra&cl.s.c'o.
'MEN'-t'o learp ba'rber -trade; phly ' .rfcqulre's' two
: months to complete a*nd. sejur'a :" po^Jtlons;;
'•'¦catalogue and full -.particulars, i.nolletl fr.ej.
.'. 'Moler System-.Barb»r' College.- 635.. Clay : st..
."WANTED — Laborers' arid". rpechUnjcs- . to' know
that -Ed" fcolltln.. Reno Hoiise .pfpprfftbr," s,t'lll
•'runs'-Denvep Houser 217>Th'lrdi st. ;-.15p..la;rge
. rooriis-:"25o'-per"r>jiithU $.1 '50- ts S3- per.w^ek.
• YOUNG rpan.'with ".rpqnlslte.^ experience. -and
.- ab'ility jis "salesman-.to take, charge tt '.tea, de-
... pa-rtment. ; Box 4932. 'Ca.11.^ " "t. \ ... . •- , ":"¦:'
WANTED— *-An. alf- round, man at .the- Woodland
. t*re'am laurfdry; wages "$50 "and- boanT; .must .-be
. .a- good * polisher. Ada'resg* box-216. "WpodUnd".
*fo' learn'-baVjaen* trade;, a'n." tn7ir:rovefne"ht
: jon. all other -systems. • For -particulars ad-
:¦ "dress Wea.tcrn.. B^rbei*- C^ol.*. 647 ¦ Commercial.
CASH, boys wanted..- .A"pply.;S. "rl.lWOOD .£
• ."CO'.. 740 Market stj. . . '*."/. " • ¦',¦ .;.";' ; .'
SALESMAN: high-grade matting llh'eVori com-
¦."••mUslon:-clty JL. bay cpuntles. Box '.4041. CalK
FOll 'sa,le — 3 " chair • barber- -shop.. 3D5*(Ql-emeni
.'. street., ¦¦'. */'*'¦•'' .' '.' ' i '"' : -' • • '¦'-•
WAI^TEI>— A: few first -.ciasi machlhistn: stead j
-.. .work-- y'ounjt py?" 1 - preferred. •' Box. 4955.. Call,
WANTEB-i-A steady German; tend bar" useful
• "generally; "business house: •• 15- City". Hall- sq.
MAN to' do Janitor* work ;fo"r- t.ult.lon in- Js^ F.
B^rW School. ..741A, Howard "-SR ' % ' \
SAILORS and "ordinary seamen. for Europe* and
Australia. HERMA.N'3. 26 Steuart at: *
5Oa ME1M to"- buy new and'?d-hand armv shoes!
60c up; -soUpg cheap. 023 Howard tt.. nr* 5th.
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullls. room 40. Phelar
bldg. Pjist Com. Geo. H. Tliomas Pof-t.GvA-.^.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 'Third st.. near Mar-
• *ket-V700 rooms. 35c night;, reading' rooms
free 'bus *nd baggage \o and /rom ferry.
CLASSIFIED adve'rtlsements and subicrlptlona
received at CaU branch offl*ce. 2200 ,FHlmore.
A BRANCH pfHce for "Call advertisements an.
subscriptions ha> been established at "100t
' Valencia st. .^ •
ALL sizes -men's shceti, slightly dama-jed? hal
price.. 'S63 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts
GET your shoes half loled while watting; 25.
to 50c 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts
HORSES AMD WAGONS. «
FOR sale — Gray mare: good saddle and drlvin'
horse; nice gait; gentle; price $100. Peters
stable. Grove at. « •
AVELL matched pair of sorrel horses to be soU
at public auction. Wednesday. . August 5 4'
• o'clock, at Arcade Horse. Market. 327 6th" at
•ON account of going to build, entire stock o
- wagons, buggies and harness must be sold a
sacrifice. Corner 15th and Valencia, sta.
RARE chance — 4 good horses for aale .cheap
327 . Sixth st. . ¦ . . m
ONE fine buggy, fruit . wagon, cart. .2d-hand
• new laundry wagon, cheap. 833 Harrison st
Al EXPRESS wagon. -light eamplns wagoi
and.rocart for taje cheap. 832 Mission st.
CHEAPEST and best In America — Th* Week!
CaH.'. 16 paxes, sent to any address In th'
United . State* or Canada one rear 'for $1.
~ HOUSES TO LET. '
A— PRINTED list, of houses «o let: . send fo
circular. O.H.UMBSEN A CO..14 Montgomer
BEFORE moving get -our printed list of house
to leu BALDWIN & HOWELL, 25 Post st
¦ ' . Our good friend in the sketch seems deeply perplexed, • •
•' •• . " The -Starlniif-eyed Thomas is likewise very Vexed. . .-
¦'•" .. ¦ The man has been trying to dp his own cooking, -: '".
4 . . ¦ As is easy to see By theway he's looking. . -' . ::.'¦';•
"We-here give him a hint: Give It, up and "be wise, : : ."• ; ¦¦
' . . ' And to get a good co.ok in The Call advertis.e. • • • •'.' ••Berrihard'.BaTnberger.to. .Hulda -Bamberger,'
lot on \N" line' of'.Post". str.eef," 6i •"•WCof/JFrank
"lln.'" W"20 by;;N-.'l20;'-jBlft..; : ,;-'. ." : ''\:}': '. '¦ : [:'}:
'•'; Johh F"..-Rau.:to Sophie -j: Rail,' AmeilaV C ¦
.and . ARftrt -B... Poijpenberg . and- 'Au'gustk • Lose,;
Undivided one-'flfth 4nlereift in- lot "-on N -lln« .of
Page--.stfeet, '.-1W-E of -O.ctavia,. E 2f:"6 by" N
ISO; >10> -..".-.- .- - : •. - ¦•:• ". -• • " •.!
"Augusta' P. .Lose to John F. Qau. undivided
'one-quacter Interest* fh same; $10- , ¦ " • : i
'.. Llzett* M.. L. .Nelson to^Mlnnle G. Weed, lot
/>n>W line Of Gough .street. 55 S 'of Sacramentd. i
8 21:6 py \f ICO; •. - .. , / :
• .City, and bounty of- San Francisco "to Jennie
oLundquist. lot on X line of Webgter street, .90
N of Busb,«N 23:» by. E«91:8; $^ — . • .
Sam« to James T. Donahue, lot. on E line of
Stelner. street. 110 N of McAllister, "N 27:6 by
. B ia7"f8:"*— •— 'f •• ' ' " . • "¦-.*.
' Jean! P. Lartigan-to Martha Lartig*sn. lot on-
N line, of Oolden Gate avenue, 34:4^' W of
••PJerce street. W 34:4% by. N 137:6; gittl
Benjamin and Sarah V. Blrba^h to Joseph
SuBeno, lof-on -N. line of Sutler street, 37 :B
• W of Scott. :W«34 Ijy N lti>; |IO. ;
Jens T. Nlssum' to Charles Ean, -lot. on" -B
•line or-MtAtllster street, 84:3 E of Central *ave
nue. E*.25 by S 10/»: «10. • ...
•Charles H. «and Mary Ef . Bell, and William
" ahd Annabel Bannan to .Lewis I. Cowgtll, lot
"on S line or Washington street. 50 W" of Ma
ple W 57:8, S 131*3%. SE 58:2. »N 139:4; $10.
Lange- Investment Company to Michael J.
Gucrln lot* on ,W line qf Shradfer street. 100
S of .Carl, distant 333:4 .E of Stanyari, S 150
by W UJO: $10. •
Louis J. Goldmam, Laura Kline, Albert and
1 Mark dr" Mark C. Goldm.an, Heflrietta Stetn
man Belief}. Levy. Carrie Fluscher. Ben-J*
•mln. F "and -Samuel L. Goldman to-. Robert
-RchSlJ!. lot on" W line of HowaM street. 320
N of Sixteenth. N 32 by W 123; $4,50. _
Kmanufl and WendlaC. Anderson tp Han
.nah Waters, lot on E llne:of Pond 8tre€t. 157:8
•N of Seventeenth, N 25 by E 88^; ?10.
• John and Da««y M. T^nnicllfte to Herman
and Friedrike Klelst. .lot -on S line of Duncan
street 225 E of Dolorea. E 25 by 8 114; flO.
. .Albert -C. Alken lo- Rosa Constant, lot on N
line of Thirtieth. street; 125 E of Dolores. E 25.
by N 114. quitclaim deed:" $5. -:,.-. J-
Alexander L. Lynn to. Fanny. E.- Hel^eson.
lot- on N line of Twenty-seventh street, 280 W
of Sancbea. W 30 by N 1 1 4 : $10. .. • --• J
ErmlBta "and Thomas. O, Gulnasap to David
•J Guina'sso, same four descriptions as Jn final
'decree In partition to Dqvld J. Gulnasso Csee
•abstract. Ko? 3095. 'Wednesday.' July 2Q, 1903)*
810* •¦¦•'"•' *¦;:-.' ¦ '. '<;¦..».
lilbe'rnla , Ssrvtngs and Society to city
and county of San Francisco, lot -on.. W line of
K«4rny stff-et; 1 12;8 8 of^ Greenwich. S 23 by
' '- Theit'sa "Lagomarsmo- ahd Serafino' and Ma@r
.Rufllno to Vlpcenao Barletta. lot on W.Une of
• DupanV-Street. "57*<6;N-of, Green,- N 20 by W.
.68:'.t; $10. • ¦ "¦¦•
HsyVj-.l J. Sn> r der*to Christina Mangels, lot «jn'
.'REAL/ ESTATE :: • TRANS ACTIONS'
, 50 S F Gas &' Elecjtrlc Cp. a 30..."..... 67 50 j
: 20 Tru%fets > ..Cert; S FGa* A Elec..... 68 00
¦Afternoon Sess'lon..^. "-. ¦ -.; '¦ ".' I
Boafd-^'. i / -..'... -.' . .y.^i
. 5 Alaska Packers" Ann ........ i.^"-Ui 00
35 A'laska Packers* Assn ............. .11* 50 |
.30 Alaska Packers' Assn ;.-..•... ".:.... 145 00
25 Giant- Powder. Con" '. :: . .... .~ >. «? .<J> .
75.Hutehlnson"S."P Co- ."....-." •• 13 <K> ,
-15 Hutchln8(raS-T»-Cd.-S 9© i ...-.-.... -.pOO
15 S.F O&b & Electric Ca ..'.,. ...;...". W 50
• 5 S F Gb.8 & Electric Co ....... ..;...., 67 00
California Sto'ck and Oil Exchange
Oil Stocks— •'-'¦ . :-'.', *id. '.' "Asked. ¦
Caribou •Qt! Co ....... s?-.: . J ."". " 85- "
Four on ........... ./-....•:..;. ...::•."¦ " • '
Hanford Oil ... ...«i.. .--.'.;. 1126 00 130.00
Home Olf.....\.. *:... ;.'.....-. 2 85 . 200
ImpertarOll ..,'.. x . :.'..«..'... 18 00 18 25
independence OH" . .»". . .-.'.". : . " • 16 . • *'
Junction iOil . •.•:....•.".... -.23
>Cern OH ..-....-..;: .(¦..'. ...BOO .;.•„...-.
H^lon Oil -.^ A.i.-i:.:. 1 .. . \09 •- .0«
Monte CrJsto OU- ".'..-.... ..... ' • S5." . \ • .80 :
Monarch Ort ; »....'.*.... • M ' .-.64 "
•Ojl*Clty Pet'rple.um-, 28 :...'• .
Peerless Oil -..I 14 00 .: ,..:"•...
Reed -Crude Oil -. A. *•.".-.. '... V . -39 "•_: „«
San? ioaquln' 6il .:;.:.-.."..".." 5,75 ''..."..
¦ SterllnTc OH •...¦.*.•...¦.¦.,....•.<¦ 3-00 ¦..•".....-
Thlsty-Th-ree Oil' ...^". ...:: .'.......': .8 .25:- .
.Twenty-Eight- Oil- •.-;..•." -. \4 60". -\-..>.. -"•
Union OU :^. ::...:. .'.';. ...:.... ....'.. -. 6» 00. :
United- Petroleum V.^.V'.'. .".»." .J-.,.'" 118.00 .
.West. ghorf- Oil-; 4. /,..."...¦..." ? 05 > .JR) ;
, '.•.Ml.seellqneou!<T^-' •' ..-•-; , • !. . '•• ., • •' " ••*-
•Abby^Land & Improvenient •.'. '.:»>.i".- ' 1 25 •
Alameda ,Su*gar -:-.'v.-'...-. : ..*.. 'iV :.:¦'.:. . .20 00 - '
American.. 'Biscuit'. '.* . .". : . . . -'j ,05 00* • 100 00.
¦American" District '..Tel ¦>';*.'»•;. <>;. .. .' ' .'...••:¦•.' |
Bay '.Counties P6vver': : ..:..^ V. •.-'•.%.> .¦:;..;..« .;¦¦
Cjil Qentral <}&£&¦ Electric V. •*...... '. ; -;.ii'."?.. .
•Cal CojttojV "Mills. ..^;./i. :,...' 85 00 . ~ .;..:•¦
Ca.l""Jockey;JCIub.:';..-.'.:.;....:/.'.:'.~.' : . ,' 105.00 . :
. Cal " Powder.- : :.<-.'', , .- . i .-/'• . ~..i: • •'.<.,.•¦'•• > : - : • *'•'. •
Cal Shipping : C6-^-^": ¦..•>:.".- 25 00 ., 3(LW>
Cal Tltle-.Irts ¦&¦ Trust '.> . . . i .13000. : 140 00
Pe'ntrar Bank, of ".Oakland " r.'i.. i '--. - - = " - - W °°
>ChutPs Company .»,'.'. ....'..-.--i"..-;^ ..>.•>;'.¦".-. 8 50 .
Hty. &• CTiunt-y -'Bank' >.''.'.¦ i>«'..'-' •->'•.•«- -•';->••••¦ ..- :
C>'prei>s l,a-wn Impt"--C.oi .".".-,-,- -.B-W -.- ¦,.,..;,¦.¦.;
. Eastern. Dytiamtte .'., . ,*. .'.-,., ; . .V.;'-.'.'-.' v , ; .-'.>?• ~'-. •';-¦¦
Ewa Hugar.' Plantation ¦....,^.'»«--.'— a. .•..--'—!'.¦• .''
Gas Consumers'. A9spc4attOhiV'.i...'.".'^22-50 . ,
Honolulu Sugar ...¦.J.:.-.\","w-/.>i>v»v-si;---»-Wj .;;
London &, S F Bank.iL.td)>:;. :..-,;.-.; ; ; '..:;.•.'...¦.
Mercantile Trust. ..'.-. .'.j,i .:..'»". ".V«v»«"i'\V:r-' *•"'"•'> ¦
Northern "Cal .Bower v. .•.:>.•.•>•.... ;-,'. '.-. ? ¦ ?5..-;-;
' Nevada '-Natlo/ial. "Ba»k '. ..,.:.'. . '.'i . .-:. : -. •••• -....*: '.._,
North. -Shore. Rajlroad ..'.,.y. ¦:..*:. .'.:.'¦ 10 00/
Orpbeum Company ¦;•:•>.•..•..'.•¦.'..'..'.... .-' .1500' :'
Peciflc" States -Tel - ft' .TeJ.i.i ;".;."-." . .' -{OX- 50 '.'-••
ParafHnc '. Paint ~:.:*. . .^. ,..;'. '..-.33 00 .-.";.• - . .>i,-. '.
Postal Device Almpt ¦.....•;-.,...•"...•...••>."—-
San Frantl^co Dry : -Dbck ::-., .47.00. •', '.:,...:. ..-
Sabsallto.I^nd&oFerfy. ;.'"... ;.16 00 -. ¦ .W y ' '
Sperry Floifr Company- "¦:'.:.;.'*... ?, ..y; \l\-.'- : . ¦
Standard . Eaectrlc '•. .'..', .1 . . . .-- :>-- - • . • • IS-. 00 .
Tjuckee Electric:. ...: .'V;. '..•.. ."l.T. 25 • :16 00'- "
Uni(jn'-.Sus»r ,.,'.'. »y; .:.', ...:.'. V- 22 50",.-. . ¦; ... ...¦ -,.-'
UnUed Gaa.& Electric .-i.^v:: 34 5Q , ....... .;V
Western Fisti. (So- ...:-./;,;•:.,•;:¦.'
: -'.:.\ '¦: '.'"'. . 'OFFICIAL^' SALES;' ¦'}'-, '.' ' .-; <!'¦£}¦
•¦" ' ¦ ¦ .- '.".'• '.•Morning Session. .- •' •* .: ';[[ "v./-'- :
' . .Board— ,- ; : •'¦/¦'•-. '.^ ••:.- •-¦'.'- j-.'.v •/.".'¦' : - : ' ---^ " : .L' : ~
600 Home Oil- . ;il:.". .: . v. ; . *. i'i •«'• r«v*. • - A- "90-.
' 300 Junctloh Oil . .... ....:.-. ;,:.;.;>..•.; : . ;.. .-r 22
• 500 Sovereign .Oil,.. bW •>-.-:-,;;, v:i.V.-.i'.;;i;;>.. -?40
¦ '.- - - . • • Afternopft "SesslOTi.-. ¦:¦.-'.....•"•-%•-,,
Board 1 — "-¦'.. " .: : ' ;-', / V^..->^-. ; ¦"¦;¦.:'::. ¦¦-¦'¦'¦-%
100 M.r>rife Cristo Oil. . .i.V....,...i......i 85
..' .¦:¦¦ .Street- -.. ¦' :- : v-.: ; ; ¦ : >V-'::-";.v- -i. v . ¦" ¦-;-¦•' .; • .
Home t>ll.'-.-;.:;.v.;,'i,:.: : y,--.i;"iv«i •'•;.iV'i.'...;2 90;
• -' . ' • Mining Stocks.
SAN FR;ANCISCO STOCK
' Following were the .rales dri the San Fra;i-.
• cJeco .Stogk 'and ' Exchange Board yesterday: .;
.- ' ¦ ¦' . - Morning: Session.:- :'¦¦. V ' -V'-.r ¦}
100 Best & Belch.! 95J 100 Occidental ''.'. .. 37
10UO Con Imp ;..., Ot -200 Union Cori--. i " 7S
1500 Exchequer v,.,. Oil 2P0. Utah .,;.-.?. .35.
•-.'•.¦ ./ - - ' Afternoon ' Seisslon... . ,' v ' r- 7 -. ¦' :
100 Chofla'r .'..."v.lSr 100 justice >.;..^ ,15
2500 .Cjon" Imp* i- 04. 300 Mexican -V. -.'¦;.. 1 1C
100 Cpn N.- Y .,:..; 24 -'10O-9aVage >;..V;. 17.
. lot) Con NY -....' 25 100 Utah:......'.; S5
• : 100 Gould* & C- >.:-; -luji' 100. Utah; :.; r i..i...a4.
; . '¦:' FACIFIC. STOCK EXCHANGE. "~ -
.' The. following .were the sales .on : - the-. Pacific
Stock and Exchange;- Board yesterday:-; ' - ' 'v
.'-. '" '..- •--. ¦" ' Morn Ins Session.' :•'.-. ¦.::.¦-;,';
.300 Belcher '!'. ,;.;.-' 41V 200 Mexican. V.I 12^4
'.-50. Best & Beich.l 95 100 Ophir .....A 57"/,
500 Chbllar ...... 17 200 Ophlr .:..... il 60
100 C C * Va ..I 47V4 500 Potosl -.....„ I'd.
300 C C &~V»-'w.l 50 ;2«0 .Sierra. Nev... 54
•500 Con Im'P "'" ti .' '. Ot 300 Union ¦ Cbn ; . ; -. 7»
400 Crown 'J» . '^.V, , 20 ,300. Union cSn ;.. - 80
200 -Gould ' & :: C . : .- "TO 200 Uniori Cab ; .. 81
300 Mexjcan: ;:...! -10 -2OOfUtah >V.l.... ,34.
. ' . Afternoon Session. :¦ ~ -A- • .- -; s
•300 CholUr ..'.... ' 18 1 200 Savage. .....; i 17
300 C C & Va. . ,1 52 Vi 500 Scorpion- . . .-. . .04
' 500 Con Imp .;,. 04| MO Sierra Nev ...- M
. .400 Cbn N" Y ...... 24 SCO Union Con ... XI
. 200 OauJd A C .>" 41 300 Utah ..,...;. :..S5
300 Mexican ..-1 12W 400 Utah ......... 54
100 Ophlr ..".'.. .'.1 .PO ,200 Yellow J: :;.. . : .CS"
;5po"potosi :...:...¦;¦ 2or'.- . • , • : ..-.;¦ .-.
¦\ " TONOPAH. MINING EXCHANGE; '.'. ' ;
; The" fpilowlng were the sales' on .the Sari
Francisco and' Tonopah- Mining Exchange': yes
terday: -'••-¦ . ••.¦•' J "."V '•'..• . •-. .•
.,.' ¦'; ;•• : Morning session:' •• • ¦¦-.' •. \
1000 Bsperanza .-.V. 05 ifiO .Tbn'fal' /....-' 33. :
' 100 MacNamara '. l'.i 200 Ton. Cal ".*.;.. • '.W
--100 N." Y'.Ton v.%... -07 . xffo Ton Cal'.". .-. .-"¦' :s»
.-• 5W" Rescue •.;-,..-. 15 -• 20O North Star -.I .W)'.
¦;'. 25 Toa'Belmoht..2 23 r*0O Nor.ca .'tar ;.,,- .32
:',¦'. ¦ ¦ .' ' -Afternoon Session. -" '• •''.' ••
•1000 Ctn" Eureka '.-."" :«i;". 1C0 Moni Ton '.J..1 0.".
100ft Cen Eureka. . . S4 r - 200 Rescue; : :. -14
• 100 Ceri. Eureka..". ?5 ' lOOTon'Cal :...;-.3s
' i».Cen Eureka.. ..80 .*W0. North Star :¦.-. ' ftl'
•3(J0 Gipsy" "Queen."."" -27 700" North/Star " . ,-, -M '
.- V'CO.GIp'sy^Qaeen:. 28 -\ ..;.:•••¦.- .. . ."
-.---.• .'. " CLOSING? Q.UQTATioxS." ;.. : ••'. . '.'
. ; ¦ '.'¦' ' " AVEDNE^SDAT, July 31-^-4 p. ni;' '
-¦¦ • .'••¦....¦. Bid.. tf'sk.'l . ¦"•¦.¦•.¦•' Bid. AsR.'-
Alpha- ....;.". .05- tJtitJillla :,',:.... ' 02. ':04
A»ta.>.".:...."i.".itt6 -O7|Justlce ..-.¦.;.¦ U" 1H
.1 Andea". .;.'. 07 Oil Kentuck ..... .~02 ' t«
¦). H«Iche'r ..: 5 .i .41" 4.{ Mexican -../...I J0-1 15'
E»«t & Beich.l 00* — Occidental ...' ..'{«» -38
. :B'ulllun •.'....¦..-.: 0.T .04 Ophir .-.:-.-.... 1U5 1:70
¦('uledonla'... .-.I ..'{5. 1-40 OVermari . '. . ..." 27''-. 1*!)
'. Challenge. Oon . .41} '. -40! Potosl .•.".'.¦ ; ,-;V ' SO ' 21
Oholla'f .-..:..• 1». -lOiSaVage ".<•...': " If, ¦• 17
• Confidence f. .I'lOl 2O Scorpion ,'...'..¦•."«{• OS
-.Con Cal &-\^.1.50 I &"• »ig Belcher.', as ' "is
¦Con Imperial. • W .04 Sierra Nevada- '.5.1 .. : 5<;-!
. Con-N Vorkv. -24* " 25 SUver.Hll. ..'... -7.S '."82
M'rowii. Point'.;- 2O..-.«2I'Sf Louis. .*-.;,, -is :\S»A
Eureka-Gon.>. ' :r-'"' 45 Syndicate.,..'.. ; -u_." ; .-'0({ |.
Exchequer ",.V- 01- .'.ft'M'plqn Con.-."... .".So 82
- .<JQUld &'. Cur:. .' 3H. " 41(Utah : .,.-..•.;: ; ••": >n"
;Iial'e- & :Norc. .49 ' ..Wvy^llaw Jacket . : CS- 70 f
Lady. .W'aahv.. ';-rr ¦' 0>! , -..¦.:..-,-. ;',.'.''. 1
• 'jif- '.'. :'-." v". .TQNOPAH MINES, ... ", ' . -'V "]
¦::;• "¦ -f.' : • ' '. ; fild.As,K; • ¦-. ": ; . -,...-7 ,.'- _-Bia^gk.-|
* Cblehan" ",. ;:-.'.. 14 .' — r Rescue ..-.:.„.,..' 14. ' 15 |
1 "Esp^rapza .-. : . O4 'JOS Ten ¦ Belm6nt..l .90 1- 93- 1
i-Euia ...•.::,:„¦ 21-- — T6n:&'c*i.,..."37 • ::w f
idlpsyr^aeea':. .'¦¦•M\ ' -27 Tbn.& G V!.-., •— .. : «T-1
Gold Mt Co'n.'.;>^ .:«! Tori"o('Nev';.: :^ S'-CO-i
' Lucky- T; Cqn.'. -*» ¦•fti .Ton.- N..-S.tar... 5l.'- 52 1
."JlacNamara ¦'.:¦ ' I".-'- -24- Ton M'ld*?ay.\' •"— ': 'do i
'•Montana- Ton;l -00- X. 10 Tpxi A"S:LakeV-40'- — "
> N-Y-: Ton. .f:-.-V.W.-.:-:W United.. Ton,; -i '+r ¦ 1$
. Paymaster .:... '.'-r<- . " : 20 Utopl.a/t »•.:..•.. .-^ * 5u : ]
' •: W.- T. Hamilton' to '.Lena M.-\ and Leola E.-
Hamillcin; re-' record UiK D. 3&U, -KW" corner of
Twentieth and Market streets. -'-W. 152: 6-.N. 100;.
E 170:2 more or less. S'lOl-6. lots" 1. 2 and 12.
block Nv map of 'Curtis & Williams- Tract, Oak
land; gift.- • :. • 1 f. .-;>;. -- , . .¦-.- -.¦¦.'.
John -Mueller Jfir Muller '(single) :'¦ t» Theodore
Ohnsted, lot -oi#S line of Twentieth or Delger
streeti- S6:3 E of San Patio avenue, E along S
line : of . Twentieth . or Delger street 30:8,
S at right angles lO to intersection of said last
line with E boundary of lots 4 to 7. N to 8 line
of-Delger or 'Twentieth street and beginning,
being W .', portion of lot *. block 2002. Hogan
Tract, Oakland"; $10. . ; ; : •• / ?: \ ..¦'¦ ¦¦
¦¦ Same to same.-, lot on- E- line of San Pablo
avenue. 93:7 N.bf W-lIHam street. N 37 ;6. by
E 77:9. lot 5 and N -.% "of '/lot 4,. block 2002.
sam' 1 . Oakland; $10. '-'¦' - . •.'¦:¦¦ '. - ; '- ¦' ."-¦¦.. '¦¦ -¦¦¦¦ ¦¦"¦ ¦¦¦¦
RhodaM: Hayes (single); to Peter H. F.
Schnoor. lot lti, map of Lorin . Villa Tract,
Berkeley ~\ $500. . -• '•• '¦¦¦¦¦ .. •¦;•,; ..-..-.:.¦,;¦•..
Walter Clark ' (single) Janet £.: Mason
(single); re-record 773 D- 276.;. NE. corner of.
University avenue and Fourth street,'. E. 60 by'
N 100, Berkeley; $10. ... ¦; • ".. . • .
. Janet K. Mason (single): to' Charles A, Bailey.
lot on NB corner.' of University. ' avenue .and-
Fourth street, N lOo by E-ao.' block 87. map. of
tract B. Berkeley. Land and Town. Imprbvement
Association. Berkelejr;' $10.- .- - T.V
Reuben W.lldble and ! Casaie • T^ajr . Robl*
(wifie) to Martha A. Bushnell (widow), lot on
W line of Walnut street. 140 of Vlrglnta. -N*.
40 by W 127.42,- block C. plat of Bray Tract,
Berkeley-. $10, . > : V - ; - '• -'
Maggie E. Millar (single), to : Julius Stein*
berger ; lot- on N- line-: 'of Pacific avenue, • 6O6.;»
W from line dividing Aughlnba^igh 223-acre.'
tract from Chlpman West. Ill-acre tract. W..30
by N 150', • portion of lots 31 .and "32, ..map of
, Meets property, Alatreda; $1250. . s .'¦••"• ' : -.= •. ' .
. Lulie Hi O'Shea- (Holcomb), wlfe, : and. John
add L'ydla -Susie- Holcomb. (stngfe)- to T: N". and
Annie Whltehead; lot en ' N line of Twenty
first street. 73:11 W of Linden, •W24:8,.N." ST.'
¦E 21:7; S' 85:10;- Oakland; $10. -.-¦•• ¦.-..,
. Harlow:p. Bancroft.. \o .Wlllfam Groh- Tr.i .
lot-- 15^ block -R, map Alpine T>-ac*.',de«d -and
-agreement. Oakland; $10. ".. . • :- '- •¦"
"-William- and Aenes G. Mann to. T5. F; an'd.
Kate T. Ntghtlngill (wife)." lot on N-llna of
•Albion street,-. 2S:li ft E of .Grove. E 30 by N
.-100.- being portion of lots 4 toHJ, Alden'Tract,
Oakla-nd;. ?10. .; ... .* - f .".."• ." ."..
' Heron-Holcomb 'Co. (corporation) to Frank
Fort. SE 25-feet of lot 13 'and JIW 12:8 6t .lot
14, map Spring' Tract," Oakland: ?V0.-..' » * •.
Isabella Machado and Frank. .N. Mauch'ardor;
or Machado td Frank P. Wrigiit. . lot on N line |
of Thirtieth street. 194.56 2-^ NW of Its injer
section with the W line" of Telegraph avenue.
W 33:4 by N.140. portion of lot. 43, JBlock 20^3.
Rowland Tract". Oakland; $10v.- . • , / • ¦ '
¦ • Union Savings i Bank to -T. : N. and Annie-
Whltehead." lct.jcn N ' line • of;. Twenty-flrst '
street, 98 -.7 W of Linden. W 24 :8. -N 8S'.S,-E
I 24-:7'. S 87^.1. block ell), Boardman'sr map, X)ak-'
•• land-"? 1.0. ' - "¦'" • -..¦•"" " ' '-' .
Helen F. or Neliie F. Witcher (jrlfej of WJ1
llam- V.) to James " Moflttt. lot on S line, ot
¦ -Eleventh street; 75* E- of Broadway* E 225. by
"S'lCO", lots » to is. block 143, -¦Kellersberger;s
-map. Oakland"; also all -Interest In . estate- 'jof
Ffanclrf" Blake ' (deceased). " or any .trust am
lng thereunder: $10. • ' . 7 .¦¦"• -•",-•
-¦ Alice S. Blake (single), to game. .same,. Oak
land; $10. •-• " • ¦•• ." f'\C
:"Elhel ' P..-"Soule (Pdmroy),- wife '.of. .Beach.
Soufe.* to'.safn"." same.. Oakland;- $10. v , '..;•••
- Charles- L. Taylor,' sole surviving trustee; un
der will of Frtmcis Blake (deceased).. t b o; < «aine v
same.. Oakland: WO.. ".,".. • .' •••• ¦'-..'¦
'.Mary M. Moutry.(widow)".to- Mary A." Moutnr
• (silnglf).- lot on NW.llne'pf -Fifteenth- avenue-. '
5« NE" of East'-SJxteenth street,. NE •2S-T>y .N"-.
52 f>9 ¥ S\V :2S:C.- 57.99. block 32; "Sari -An
tonio -East Oakland":', also lot" on .NWMine' t*t
FKteemh •-a.veriue.-iS4 .NE >f 'East -.Sixteenth
>rtreet-NE 28. NW 47":10; .SW 52,59, SE *2.3y. "
f.Talcck ,12,'same map-. East Oakland: gift." ..." \
t. -Missouri T. " Shumate' (wife of- .J.)'. to- Flora
Belle' Millar -(w.lfe"-bf William- E.). .lot on -.KB'
line? of .Eleventh avenue.' 50 SW of East- Twen- .
1 tyrflrst'-streeC SE-25.- SE 'parallel with 1 E- East.
LTwehfy-flrst- 150. 'KB 1 25. NW" 130,;> block-" 127;
kCllntcn..East-Oaklsind:.gift. . . ..; •¦ .. ' vjV. '
•. E. >.--aria -Martha 4.- Halries (wife) -=to-Wil->
] llarh- Jh- Baljlhger.. lot 20. block? -1454? Blalte-:
¦ •/Tract- No. 2-..-Berkeley "propjtrty.map Nc». 1 and.
ii Blake Tract,- portion, ef plat- 69.- Berkeley. J $»;¦.
* Mary "Moutry (widpWV to-Mary *A. Moptry
(single),- undivtded' half- intereiit lnr-lot on " W
ltne -<5f Scant-on- street. 175.18-.^ Of Railroad
;a venue/ N iK> by W10O," Jot -13.. block F; Powers
.Tract."- Alameda: gift.-" : ¦ ' -¦ '^ . " ".-. - . :!
. •¦Mrs, Anpfe Brehaut (-wile !of • p.. S.).--to Flor-.
• ence Bertaiid .»V4dow);-lof-on- W line«6f Uniori
.street..95.'fs'-of Enc'ifwt. avenue..- -N, 45 *>y Kl.
lot' — . .block A. amended :'map of Bartlett -.Trait", .
$10. '. ; : ; ;'.••"••• \-:. '•" . V
Florance Bertaud to* Annie Brehant fwJfe.of
'David* S.K lot.- 10.- In E [V, of Block. N ; " lands
adiacent to"-Ericlnal. Alameda; -$10 % - ".- : ".' ".
• .Frederick D. - Talt (widower)- to JoBn and"
•Eliza Anderson (wife), lot on St line- of Qlen
l avenuf . dt'tant SE 2S4.6S * to its Intersection
with W line 6f lot' U thence SW <J9O» SE 112.34.
NE 390 90 NW - 112.Jf to beginning, containing
1 rfcre Of land. Brooklyn Land ComvSiny, Brook
lyn Township: $10. •
Union Savings Bank .to David Mitchell
(widower),, lot on SW corner of. Fourth ana
'JcfTerscrt streets, S B0 by W 75, lots 13 and 16.
block 2J, Kellorsbeftrer's rnapr Oakland; $10. ".
"" J.' H. T, and Henrietta Watklnson to Wil'
Ham -A..- Walker., lot" 4. block A. map-Snyder
and Montomenr subdivision " of portion of
Temescal Park. Oakland; $10. .
Josephine M. Powell (widow) lo Dora B.
Miller, lot on SW comer of West Fourteenth
and Magnolia streets. W 27 by S 90:6, being
the E 27 feet o( lot 1. block &T5. plat* In sur
vey No. 10t;:>. a redivlsion of portion of block
-&75, Oakland; $1(X
Emma de E. and W. C; Price to L. Chris
tian Nielsen, lot on N cornei^of East Twenty
fourth- street and Nineteenth avenue. NW 250
by NE 140. block S». map of portion of High
land Park. East Oakland: $3500.
Charles A. and Alice C. > Bailey (wife) to
John I. and Edna M. Genbergr (wife), lot on E
Ime of- Eighth street. 130 S of Bancroft way.
K130. S 54.80.- W 130. N.47.2fl. being fractional
tbt 23. block .121 map 'of Tract B, Berkeley
Ijtnd and Town Improvement Association (re
corded "July 20. 1900). Berkeley; $10,
. Ernestts C. or Ernest C. and- Minna C. Nl»
haus to Mary Orr Krstich (married).' lot on N
line of Alcatraz' avenue ttirt feet wlde>, 1SO:5-V,
"E of .Lowell street; thence N 143:2. E 50. 3
143, W 50. lot 7. block B, . map of subdivision
S, portion of Harmon .Tract. Berkeley; $10.
'. J. Frank ,W. and Edith H. MeLaughlla
(wife) to L.« A. • Stephenson, lot 11, block 7,
Warner Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10.
* Susan. Augusta and Alva or Alvy Allan (hus
barid). to Joel M. Jones, lots 21 and 22. block
L. Amended. Map Moss Tract. Brooklyn Town
stoJp: gift. ¦..••"
George II. and Nancy E. Lee (wife) to Wil
liam Neergaard. lofl. block C, De Wolf Trac.t, ¦
Frultvalo. Brooklyn Townahlif; $10. •"--•:
Joseph- -Westall (widower). to Josephine Hen-,
nlngt-r - (slnxle). lot on SW- .line of GeorxU
street.' 315 SE of Laurel avenue; SB ISO by SW
10U, lots- 20 to 'A block O. -map Laurel -Grove
Perk. Brooklyn Township: $10. ....
Andrew • and Jane C. Jones (wife) to Abra
ham Strather (widower), lot 6, block N". map
Andrew Jones subdivision. Brooklyn Township;
grant. ¦ ' • ••-•"..
-'Han* R. and Mrs. J. C. Anderson 'to Augusta
S." Allen (wife of Alvy). 80 acres, being E ;i
of "SE U section." 20. township 3 B. range-:: E,
Murray Township; $20tX). ¦ ' . " ' - . . -
W. ¦ K. and EfHe L. Kroll (wife) toll. Rlne- ;
Alameda , County.
¦'-.' Jolin/b; Tlederhan downer) with Erik, Bops
(contractor), architect <jwner-rAU: work for ; a
two-story, frame bullding^on W line of Fourth.
avenue. • 100 S of Lake, street. 'S-. 25. hy . W 120;.
$2(i35^;- .:..- •'/": :' '-.¦¦¦¦ '¦•*• . " ..' : Al:f; ".^ v /=•*:• ¦
•Charles and 'Harry Bush (bwner> with. Val
"Frsnz (contractor) ."and .'Otto : Schrader v(sub»:
contractor), .architects 8a4fleld.- '&'¦' Kohlberg- 1 -'.
Ca«f- iron .'and.' wrought Iron • work- for a' seven r
story and ' basement -brick building on' SE--cor
ner- of Carloa and O'Farrell streets, E*0 by.S
in-B: $12.100. .. -.: .;¦¦¦ -.v ,; : .-.,.:¦ -:'¦:¦'¦¦¦';.¦
¦ • Peter* J; Fay (owner)' .with : GilbeTt; Flndlay
' (contractor), architect Gregg'.O'Brlenf-All work
for a .frame cottage en S llnfr-' of California.
:st're«a, J S7:« E of Twelfth avenue, S 100 by E
25." Outside Lands 17; $2200. . •¦ ' ' '.- . ; ,'=;
: -Edward : B. Hinde.s (owner) : with Mangrurri &
Otter, '(cohtrac'tors),' architect '.Newton- J. .Tharp
i-'B.6Heris;- pumps,- .-oil -plinth steam-heating,-. ra ?
dlatlon. etc , : for -an eight-story, and basement
brick apartment' hotel on g line, of Sutler street*
rlM'8 E of Taylor, t E60:»>y.Sl37:6: $49po;. ¦
¦57'hn.e of Lombard. street. 80 "W Of Taylor. W
42:tt. N 130. E '122:6, S -SC. W &0; S. 80, quit
claim deed* $». . • ' • . • ¦" '¦". M
' Henry Wreden to. «irroe,-.Iot-. on- N line of.
tombar^ fttreef. 80 W bf Taylor, W 7;6 by.N
80, quitclaim deed; $5. - • •
"Christina Mangels (and as jrpiBtee.of the es
tate of Martin. Mangels) to- Giovanni Sfgale.
lot on N line oV Lombard street. 80- W of .Tay
lor. W 42 :« by N 13O; $B500.. " ¦ - ' *
John H. and. Cellna D. Spring to John Bar-,
nenon, lot on SE line of Brarinan street. 55 -NE
of Seventh. NE 50 by SE' 75: $10." '
F. H. Keyee to Jaeoh R. Tjwon, rot- on- E lln«
of. Seventh avenue.. 100. S of Lake street, S 25
•by E 120; $10. - •' •- r .-."-,• " "
'¦ Annie. Hendry to Anthony Parente-. lot on.w.
.line of '"Twenty-seventh avenue. 275 • N of S
street, N 25 by W 120; al*o lot oh E .line of
Twenty-eighth avenue. 28:9 -N-of S street. "N
'20T-.4. SE 120. S 28:4. NW. 120; $10. "
Baldwin • & Howell .(» corporation) -'to Mar
garet Morris, lot 11, block "7, subdivision - 1 of-
Castro-s'treet Ad'ditlon; $10. .-¦ . '• '
¦Same to -Katharine Morris, lot 12 of- same;
$10. •, • • . ."..'- - ¦ ¦ . : 
. Sarah' A.- Turner to Marion S.- Turner, lot on
EUno of State street. 300. N of Sherman. ** 25
by. E 100, lot 17. block 34. '.City Land Associa
tion; $10. . / - -.. . •-'..¦
Christian Pforr to* Max -Watsman, undivided
1-6 Interest In estate of John' Pforr. No. 27.214;
$10.:
Albert C. Alken ter Jdhn Dougherty, lot on
-NE line of Fourth avenue and S side ot shore
of Islals Creek, NW alonz Fourth avenue "to
center of Islals Creek.- thence to NE line of
Sixth avenue. SW to shore of Islals Creek,
thence to beginning; also lot on NE line of
Efghth avenu# and S side of Islals Cr»«k.
ihence along Eighth ayenus to" center of Islals
Creek, ' thence to Fifteenth avenue.' SE"to 'south'
shore of Islals Creek, thence to — r— : $10. -. ;
- A. C. Freman and George E. Bates to sam*;
lot on.SW line of. El*htlv avenue.. *25 NW "of
T street, T*W 150. SW 1«JO. NW iOO.-SW 100.
; SE 125.- NE 100,- SE 125, NE 100. lots 1.4 to
19. ?5 to 3«. block 172, O'Neill & Haley Tract;
also lot on SW line of Ninth avenue,." 375 NW
•of T street, NW 150. SW lOOj NW 75. SW100.
SE 225; NE 200, lots.* to ft and. 40 to 48;-. block
178." same; -also lot on SW- line of Eleventh
avenue; 225 NW of U street. S;W to center of
Islals. Creek, thence to Fifteenth avenue.-, SE
to -south shore line .of I-slais C.feekj- thence; to
NW line of 8 street. NE. to .a. point 100..SW of
.Tenth avenue; NW 100. . NE- 100. . NW./to- I.sfals
Creek, '.thfnc'e N and W- along «hore of ereek
to Intersection' of- line drawn parallel ',wlth V
rtreet and '225' SE <ot AJ- -street,' NE' to Tenth.
av.enue.--NW to'a point" 150:NW-of U stceet..
SW 10f>. .-NtVr.TJI SW ISO;* also lots 46 to 4S^
block 213, O'Neill « Haley Tract; $10. .¦•..:•..;.¦
;vV :; \ Builders' Contracts.'" "¦:''.>^ ¦
: - ".'•¦• late ¦Shipping IritellJ^ence. •¦ . 1
. ':. :¦'/" •¦¦¦"•/'; arrived. •. j . (.
• '-. • V ' !% rriday,.July 3 # i:'
; • Schr I.da.'A.! Campbjll.. 5. hours from* Point
/Key*- ,:-.^ ;• , DOMESTIC 'AjRTS.',?; . %
. BANt]<»N— Sailed -^uly 31^-Stmc phlco^ for"
- a cbosu t BAy-^SajlesJ" J"uly". 31— Stmr Allfance.
for • San« Frandsi^ v »- .» - ; • • . -..•.. , .
.•PORT '¦ T«iWNSEND— Sailed July 31— Ship.
i WmH Smith,.' f«r kidney. . . . -.
¦ •• P; J_ -Slay (slnele)- tcv same,» lots "fCJ- arid ,(J4;
Piedmont Villa ) Tract, isortipn of plat 19, Oak'
land Tpwnshlp: $10," "-.^v" ¦•.•;:;.•••• ;
•'Alfred -i»nd- Ha'ttie'Pomerdy ••£w'ife) ~%o' Cebr?«-
W.i.Kfaft^'lot -ori; W'.llbe of .Mary .street.* UM
N. of AHstria way,..\V OO.-.N^ftcenteftof Straw
berry .Greek-, "•¦thence'-X" 'along -.sald'.iast lnto» W
Mary " street. S -8«.. to ;¦• beglnplng. block 2, filC;
G«e Tract. .. -Berkeley; ". de«d •-.. given ". ta-. correct
error- . in- former.' deed'- between • fame.- parties :
$10.; ...-;; .. : - V :-f .•.¦-v'X^. i- V ' :'.-*••*. •
John Zlegenbeln to. Benjamin .F-.v Williams,
re-record. 20St>. -JOT'oMot.'ori'JS Un.e^of Pfraira
streets 101:2% S 'of "Eighth.. K- pa/atle!* wllh
Eighth&4:8."9 34:«,"W '-lOS'V.-N 36:10%. to be
rlnrilngi Oakland;. $4!M¥>.\; ";.-*.• « •¦¦'¦'..'
". San- ..Francisco ¦••Thedlog.lcal' "•Seminary • : ti?
Tljomas. -T-,' :and- Rhoda' G. Fish' '(wKe), .begln
.n-ing at point-In E llneof lpt : 2.J87?fe*t a from
South" Locust street; iherice S 76 by W- \y\Pn-'
clHc IHpmesterfd," Oakland; also lot 4. block li>.
same" map, it: being understood that 17""feet
'deep .along .-line., of.-. Te"legraph.--stre<et has Jae'en.
taken -from." said lot .to widen .said!":street since
said' map -was niade, 'excepting from safd par
ceV.'cf ."lahdpprtl.on as -follows : "Beginning at
"point in. SE coVner" of lot -'.2.. ".block 10," thence
W<f0 by : .N. 76.-Oakfan«;-$10. ..".•• •• •"• , •:.
; . A. L> «nd: V.ldlet" A,\Kreis» (wtfe)' to "E.- J.
S.hepardson;' lot .on E Ime o'f Locksley.ayenue,
43 -9" of Cllftonr'street^ «.40: by E- TOO., port inn 9
«f lQts.33 and-;{p<'Lock"3ley square, .Oakland; $10.
'¦ Franlt J.'yayiar. (Single) .to sam».' lo%*onr N
line." of. East' Eighteenth- street; ,. (61.24 'W-^bf
Fourth avenue.-: •N~135: more .or. Iess.-. % .W.32; :S'
•iS5, ' : E- -30. .-portion of-'-Icx- 3r"bIock-.Bv.Peralta
¦Hclghta.-* East "Oakland; $IO.. : '". : - ••.•.•¦.:¦ • % • . "
tart -lot -on SW line of Thlrteoflth street. 23
>* E of Bay .Vl«w avenj».e.. NE 25. By NW too.
lot 1J; block- E.-- man iSflla Vista Park. East
Oakland:' $1<>. • ' .'•¦¦" ¦"-."- - '
. "¦ William S.. Vagg to Gertrude. S. Vagg (wife),
lot 33, block C, map Parson's ."G^den Oats
Tract; Oakland; gift. "".-.. 7 -. .*"
' Frank M.. and ROmp It. Wilson to W. J.
Mortimer, lots Iff and 21, block I. Daley'*
Scenic "Park. Berkeley; $100. i".
' Delia J. K. . Wood (executrl***estSte of- Wil
liam E. Brown, deceased) to Arcangelo Man
tastl. all Interest In lots 20- and. 21. oloclc 19.
, Oak Shade TV«ct. - Alameda: $v90.
' Alameda Budding and Loan -Association (eer
poration). to William . E. and • Elisabeth" E.
Curtis (wife), lot ¦ 30, . Hlrschf eld . Tract. . Ala
iheda; $10.' • '•" - ¦
' Hans P. aria Laura. B. Nelson to Annie L>
Steel. lot on NW corner of Delaware and Mllvi*
¦streets, W 40 by N 90:9. lots-1 and 2,.bloek B.
Jane* Tract. Berkeley; $10: . •
• Joseph. Westall (Widower) to 1 Conrad Hermle.
lota 1 \a 12, 53 to 3C. 'In- block bounded by
'Idaho -and Florida streets and ' Laarel avenue.
map. Laurel Grove. "Park. -Brooklyn. .Township;
$¦10 ••,•••.. •
• Derby .Estate Company, (corporation* to
Alice ii:. Carr (wife of J- M.).lot ou NW cor
oner of East' Eighteenth .street and Frultvato
avenue, N- 50 by W -150;- lot £ Derby Tract.
Brooklyn Township;..$10.- • * .:. ¦ - ':'..¦
Adelbert T.. and Electa t>. Hay to . John
Qulgley'-Jr.,' 'lot on SW- corner- of Washington
and Lane streeis. W.,37:».by 9 105, block 769.
Syndicate .-Investment -Coinpany. Subdivision.
.Brooklyn Township; 410. • •'. .. ¦
Frank II." Davis (single) .to- Frank H. Gra
ham (single), undivided two-thirds interest In
lot on* N -line, of Merrimac street. 21S:1 E of
Grove, E 32:03, N.-70.9«. .W- 34.26. S 74. betnac
I W 8 feet of lot 18_and portion o« lot 10. Austin
i Park. Oakland ; J10. ."' •*¦•¦ '.-" • ..*. "*
John II. and Carrie Addle** (wife) to Arthur
Leonard mingle), lot on 8 line bf -Locicsley ave
nue. 200 NE '.Jrorn. JJE : llne.nf Sun-jft^r street.
. NE 50 by SE 100. lojt 5^. Lockifley. square.- Oak
i land; $10: - :..••••' •'••:,.".. • " . : - •."".".•.
.-. . - . . ¦ ¦ : - • ¦ . • . , ¦ . ¦ • .1 . ¦ * i -...•¦ : ¦ '¦•¦.. ¦ '
THE SAN -: FKA£CIS£O^CALti, AUGUST I-'.,; 1003.
Cont4hufed From Page'.Thirteeri.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
15
REAL ESTATTp— -Cotiintry— for Sale.
ALFALFA . lands. ' stock ranches, I or^jhardd,
vineyards;, Inspected bargains ; monthly cata-
logue sent- free. C. M. WOOSTER CO., 648
.Market at. . .-..'.: . > *.
SPECIAL .NOTICES^ \-' ¦-'
.THE following children" hav« been received at
the 8an Francisco Nursery for Homeless
Children. 1034 Mlsslori st.. since last publica-
tion of same: Albert Halght half orphan,
'age- 7, years; Martha Blebo. half orphan, age
.10 years; "Robert Sltfce. hair orphan, age 8
'years; Flora Sfe'be. half orphan age 6 years..-
HARRIET.- W. MANNING. Secretary.
• * * SPECIALISTS. , _* ....
CA"TA*RRH. .DEAf KE^S and NOISES in EARS
positively cured: new. method; 1 week's treat,
meat free. Dr. Cottlngham, 204 Sutter St.
j^^i^agbAnB wakehotuSbs^
A— EMPORI-UM Stmra«^& Van C^TurnTture^
; hbusehold goods" stored, mpved. shipped. 725-
m _ .731 Howard st., near .Third; phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-F{OJ>DLPH Storage. & Movlng^'Co." of-' •
¦Ret) P6st. tfnd Po-»ell sts.; tel. Prlv. Ex.. 671.
CONKLIN"S* storage— FurnVture and merohan-
;dlse-. 333 Golden -Gate ave. ; phone* East 126."
GO'LDEN West. Storage made; 840
Mission tt.; tel. Howard S41. F. "W.;Zehfnss.
PACIFIC Sfocageand FurnlUire Moving Com-
pafly. 232Q Flllmore" SJt. ; phone, Jacksono ,281!
BEKINS Van arid Storage 'Co.; .11* Montgomery.'
• st. ;'tel. Main 1840. Shipping, at cut rates. " .
A "WEEK'S news for & cents — Th'e- -Weekly Call.
J6 pages. In wrapper, foe mailing. $1 per y.ear."
__' gyiJTTBRINO AXD STAMMEl^Kf Q.
MELBOURNE System School. Van Kess.and
Market; positive, cure for; all-'-pon't. deity. ' ¦
A XD SUPJ'i'IES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— W»
¦ sell batter 'machines for less money than any •¦
house In the city;' rentals 43. The" Typewriter.
Exchange. £36 California; telephone Main 266. .
A FEW good typewriters at ?30 ejTcti : ".get par-
. Iticulars; L". & Af. ALEXAN.DER. 110 Mont-
gomery -st'.. "'.*-•'-.' ••'.-•'.; ' i '• * ' •' ' .-. '"
' 2D-HAN.D- typewriters sold, rented. ¦ repaired.
¦¦ Webater Type.wrirer InF.pec. Co.. 200 Sansome:
!' *c- ' I DlVIDEiXD "XOTICES. ; e '
.1 DIVIDEND "Notice"— The -Giant Powder," Coro-
-¦.pany/.'Cqh.-^A d-lvldend; .No, -.66,' "of . flftV
¦ ' -Cenjs- »50c* per ¦ Share' .on the issued capital-
. • "stock of the" compariy'hag'been declared, psy-"
; -able at the office jot the; coriipany, -rooms 202,
' 204 and2«<". Hayward Piilldlng, San Fran-J
ciwo; on "August 10. JtKtt.- Tra!n*feK books'
t^ose August, 3,: 1003, "at noon. C. : C.""9UINN, :
¦ ¦• Secretary. "'» -.-'*"'' ¦' * - - . '
. J\"" : .; . '• . '•
PR"OPOSALS^-Bids wanted— Notice" is" hereby
: »iven. that; sealed- proposals will, be; received
?; By tBe- Board- of. Directors of t,he Veterans*
- - -Home of California at room. 13, 320-SansomA
«t.,. Sari Francisco. -Cal.. up to 3:30 p. m.
¦ -"pn MONDXYi' August. 1.0. 1903. for furnishing.
Mniform coats, .pants and blouses for the Vet-'
eraris' Home, Nap* County. Cal. : («.- R..sta-
Yo«itvllle),',for six months, enaingDe-
, • "cember.31,.1903. : Preference will be .glv«n to
¦ goods manufactured hi "this .State, price,:
«triess and quality being equal. • tinder tbe
provisions of sec. 3247 -of the Political Code.
• : Ea-cb bidder must accompany, his bid- with, a
certlfled"cBeck «lpon some well-known and re-
"sponsihle "banking bouse for -at' least 16 par
'cent of tlie amount of. bis bid, payabte to
" C. Mas'on 'Ktnne, treasurer, conditioned that
the bidder will" enter Into a good and valid
contract upon notice, of acceptance, as re-
quired by law. The hoard reserves the right
to reject 'any* or all bids and to order any.
• • 'quantity over or under, the. amount *peclfled.
,j : Add"refes John F. Sh«ehan, secretary of {he
•Board of Directors of the Veterans* -Horn* of
I Calif craia.. room 13, 320 Sansome "st.; San
J -Francisco, .Ca<. By order of the' Board bf
I. :-D"irector8. ¦ JOHN' "F. SHEEHAN." Sec
" .SAX FRANCISCO; Cal., Jiily 31, 1903— Sealed
proposals,* In -triplicate," will be.Tecelved 'here
until 11 o'clock- a. m.. August 31, UW3. and: 1
• then opened for repainting, plastering, kalsd-
mlning, tlrfnlng, . shingling and repairing at-
i : th£ general hospital at the. Presidio, of .6an '
I . Frajnclsco, JCaL Gpyernrrient reserves right. to
J 'reject er accept any or -Jill bids In whole or in
' .part. ."Iriformatlori furnished on application"
¦to J.- McE. HYDEi - Deputy . Quartermaster
.General. Chief Q. M. Dept. of California.
; ' •• MABBIAQE UCE1~GES. ;
• The' following marriage licenses w'ere.-lssued.
.yesterdayi- :'.:'¦¦¦¦ '. .'•' '.'¦¦-.' ¦-.;' '¦ "::;-.
• Eugene. Manboulee, 25, '" city, • and -Marthta*.
RTasmKBSeriv -22, city. -".- r - * .:.¦.•..'.
-Hans Larsen, 31, 143 East street, and Mlri-'
hie Nelson, 'til; city.- ".: ' •• . — . ¦
Charles S. . Mette,:: 3". city; and . Roslna
"Pparce, 28, ',' city.. -. '¦• ':- -.'¦ ¦ •* . • '¦ '
Cciiared G. .Navarro, 4?. 1212A Clay street,'
and Trinidad Railio?, 27. .8>5^i Paclflc street.
-. Jerry C. Moore, .24, Los Angeles, and Jo-.'
sephlne-K. Dyre. .23; Lob • "Angeles; . " -•".'¦ '
'. - Joao P.. da Rocha-. 31,' CS Jackson street, and
Maria da Cdnceieao'. 21. '05 Jackson Btreet. . •'•'••
'- Ferdinand" A.Ieyer.. 2«. . 1277 MUslon .street,
•anij Lnulge Saxrenmeler. 44 Clementina St.
.-Glovannr Qiraud, -33. 420 -Eureka Street, and-
•Re^ipa pa^npo/ 3*i," city.:. *. ..•••'•" " ¦ y. .-.
-,Johan A; Ytterb'erg, .41,: 53 S'urre-y street," and
Ida.S. .Thorpqulst, 40, IIS Day street'. ' . • ;
.Frank L. -Musjilo, " 3.'$- ¦..*» Midway "street,, ana. j
MaVnle *dp :Maftini. C7/33 IBIdway street. ; "
• Aupuste- E. :Bongez. Q!f, "city, and Elleabeth
.E. Saiisor. 27. Pxesco.tt. Arta. ¦•*•'¦ . *
• RJPTW!1_MA PPT b P P<J Ji_Tlt? A TUQ •'
:• innfno^^JilAKnlAlrfaa jJtiAIno..
¦ *Bl*t"h, marrlare end -death notices .sent' by.
• maJl.wlll:ijotbe Inserted Tfi'ey mpst behandtd
In .at either ,-of the- putllcatlon o(fl^es and -be
Indorsed.- with the" rinme-a,nd residence of. per"-
sons'autb'o;rized .to have the same published.-' * .
":•;'.• • •= '• -bobn";."'. " : • .;',••
MclNTYRE— In 'Oakland,- July 31° .MHW..'to- th-o
•wlfe.bf |A;-S. llclhtyre, a daagbter, . : •
NEUMA-NNVIn 'thiu-c-ity, J"u'l'y"25, 190.-j."t'o- the-
'•'wife of J. Neumann- (bee Bosquet^, -a-
". .con. .-" : . • • •-.'. . . . ' '
ROBlXSOJf-^ln'thls clty^ Jtil'y'SC. IQOti, 'to the:
" wife, -of -E. ..A.- Robin?oa (nee JloKa'n), a
• tfauKhtf v . • • .'• . .-. . -.
SELlij — Iri; thfs fTty," July 27. 1003... to the wife"
fit N. SeMg, a son.: * . •.-.':
. ' . f ,MABBJEi>.. .- . " . - - . •
STEVENsi-'GARAMONT— Jn this. •cUy: July.
: 30.: 15W3. -)>y theljev. A. e. Barie r paqtor at ¦
Howard-Street- MPthodtxt Church, - WJIlitrfn
. >'tevens and Jeanne Garamont.'.boch d.t Ban;
.. Franclsc*.'. ... ¦-•.; ' . ;• ' -.,'; .. .' . .-, . ••
' \V ATSQN-^LUPTON^Jri ¦' tfil's ' c^y. "July ' 2«.'
-.11*03, Josech F..:e. '.Watsb.ri "and --Mary L..
... Lu'pton. jaoth of fr*an Frah'clsco.". ' ' ' • .-' . .
¦.'¦ ; *Al :" : - ''¦¦iVt^P: ¦¦'''.' J : '.'.^.'\'\ ¦
. -Evth, Richard- •• '.'.'.' Johnson," Xllce'-J; G*
. HroVn, rFannle." K.-..- .- Josejrh, Anita' ¦' : - ' :
.ClaTk, C(tks- '-.-.' . '¦ lieong A"nnie'.W. " '
¦ ., Oivlngto/i,- L-auta . . " - McIIwaine^. Jcse' : . •"•- •
" Dally, Cajharlnc: '-. ", MdNe^ly.. Caroline* S.
-' Dewey. *tory E,. ... ' Mither, John • • • . •"
, Dunning* Wm.-E. '. . Meagher r Thbmas :¦ !
Englebrl-ght, Henry • 'Aloreau. Constance .•
•¦ ' "K-jwcettJ Catheriiws " ' ..MullervCharCo^t*'. ,
.- ¦Flaxmaa, Thomas' . . .Regaii, Jeremiah .'
¦': Foley; Eliza b*t)i ' .; RQop, George \\ r . • • !
- Goldman. Christian- -"Klngley, -JTam^s'-A. ':
. • Hent-y,- Adelbort Jf».«'. -.tfpinettl.- John • . "
."¦ Henrloujje", -Elizabeth . Watferjnan, 1 Jlarj* R"
• . Hughes. " Mary . '.". '*¦ WfeUhelmer', Sciihla-
: : ."Hiltd, Jolyi' H: ... . -fjr,"**/.; ..' '" :'••..*• ."
. BARTH— lh" Jhfs- fftj 1 ;*- July-' 29, 190?, • Rkhard
Barth;* a; ; natjve .ofr per^njjny, aged, 6l-.'years.:
'.. *t-7Frlends and accpialntances ¦arp respect-'
. fully ln£iW tt>" kueivl* the" *fifBe"-aI to-day-
•"(Saturdax) "at. 9:30 "o'clock, - fronj *he. parlors
• --ot H. y. Suhr »;Cb.. l.i:*7-Ml.sslori street. b"e-
-*t ween Seventh and, ElfsJilh. Injtermsnt "Mount'
.""Olitet CemeterjL- -.-•... •; " •; . ; . .-;• .,
•BkOWN—Cn this city, 3u\y 2!J.'l£Kfe, ,*f*annle
K*. beloVed .wife :bf: * Lenaonte.' "JJrowni -and.
dau(?hter"'of Mr. "and M>rs.jH«nry. tff
0 Scales, Qa.lv, a rcitive of Cajlfornla, aired *i3
years 8 *iohth"} and ' 2%. dkys. . : ' ...
• "E***Frle]nds and -acquaintances aris re'spect-
• fully Invlt.vi to" attend thfe funeral sVnvlces
Saturday; August 1, 1003, at 2 o'click. At tlfe
•"parlors of Albert • Brown. 670. ", Thirteenth
street. .Oakland. '•>{.. • ; -. ' ..
CLARK-^liTi tiiis,. city, "Jujy 31; iOW^* OtU
Olark, beloved husband <Jf ;Mrs. .ClHrk, .a. n*»
. -tlve of Cal., aged >19* years. "
GpVlNGTdN"— In . this tltv, Jdly': 30, .'1903,
Laura Mis Covlngton. a native "of Ohio.. * "
. t?*Friends and kcqualtt(ances.aFd respeci-
•fully Invited* td°attend .thc*fu«R>ral. August -1»
-•"1903, at }1. o'clock, from "her "at{":residejice,
*3190 Twtnty-foilrth street . IntermeJnt- prl»
vate', Mopntiln, View Cematscy. # . . .. . •" -_•
DAILT— In* this cltjC July*30i l»03, Catharine,
•beloyed rpother. of-WUHani John tuid" Joseph
.Daily. a;"natlve ot Ireland; ageti-73 ye^rs. \
"O"FH«iid8 and acquaintances *ao> refipecti
fully Invited Qi attend >he funeml" to-day
(Satbrday). w at JB:80 o'clock, froth 358. JBraK:
• ruu» street, thence* to. Ht..- Rose's* Chafch at
10* o'clock.. Interment Holy-Cross"-Cemetery.
DE>VEY— Itr Nlles," AJajned*'- Cotintj^ "; Call
. 'July 31,s"190«, .Mary. Elizabeth Dbwey, bo-
• loveTi dailghter* Of "Robert and ."Annie Dewey.
and grantldaughter of Mr. and .Mrfc. "jotin
"Harding. ' a", native of.Saft Frahcisco,'. aged
C monthR'and 22 days, v „ . . ; .^ , '. ( -. * . ¦ . \
DUNNING^-In this*, city. -JHly'SQ. S 1!K)3,. Wil-
liam E->husb*nd of.Tfaomi Durinlns:' and
father 'of-jAlexIna. Dunning." a natiye of New
York, ag»vd. 49 years and 2 Mionth-ir " y
ENGL*EBRiaHT— "in .DarivHIe'./Pal.^ J«fy. 31.
lOa-J,. Henry E-«lebright..= father, of Henry
•and VC. y. Englebrlght. Mrs. -V. J, Biirbiq.
Mrs.' George 1*. Hufches anTl Mrs...T.*\y. Mt>
Farling", a hatlVe of Pfusffla, aged- 82 yeafe.
. .fCJ'Fuifrral *at Vallejo Sunday morning.- at
11 :30" o'clock. , Interment *ValleJo Cemetery.
\. neare sj,, j,s, t ;,,.^ii^ T^r3j
1 QFFICC: 9T." M ARKET :5rTj
.-¦ • j- • • •-. ./I...
-;'o'pricE»-*Arrt>: i>TpREs^ j;6, Ljet.V' :
l!i!MA PTRECKELP iuil(Mng,.J27 ilirfc^X" *f-.— -I '
AHtct to let; rent *H5; llght'-h>**> JaaUoraqJ
t^^Pfaog*^ ' ASHTON-ft. GAIlPiyEK..*. '¦' ;
6TORE wj^h :*!ree basement; Beai OieaOiy ' st- * \
ffee owner. <a6 Clay -«t.;' rbom'.l.. -¦'.- ¦ ... ' I
; : .¦':¦.. peesoxals. •'¦''- /;•'; ¦¦/.'¦'__
A— FACIAL, .BLKMISHES. REMOVER. : : .-. • j*
"VVrtnkles." yellow and'na.bby skin, butt-marks,. - :
r.ir:allBox pittjngri arid -scars -Bcierijlflcally re- >
. -moved -wtiheut cutting.massajre-.electiiclty or -,
: jnefiicihe; special- demonstrations <bls'."«teek. -,
¦ Call.or write DR. Li \V1LL.1A Mg-^STl G«a<y. ,
\v.AXTKD^-7-77 ladies" wltsa 'scalp 'dls^sef ;*.loVs J
iif hair"ail<l prema'tur* jrra>a«s. pretentejl.
• Can treat by mail. • "Blprik for rtattav) cen. •
'..'fultaUan- fre*.' «:»<>. to «:' Sunday's. .10 to. 12. ..
reef. —GEO. A. CARLOW. -Specialist, roora '
,'.gl$, .«!PT- Market pt.*V •.'¦.- ¦' -_i^J^_^JLj '
•MOIJPHINEJ. opiuns,'antl" laud?nCtri.habi\!> cur*'*
•«t..hotn« .by a 'patnlesi'-horne. tr*'»"T>' int » ' n ."
¦¦'¦: CorteO. and 'used *r .-ieaaing; f.hysic iiiis ; 00 T*": "
.Fpondenee'strtctjy confiJct-tlaT; 5n p^.v.fesiea .
-.. -.'envelope; call .-or" write vo^Saf? India .Drug .
M:n-y.. tXt Turk.'jit.-"'.;Bni.ce;-..P:. : *it* nmlg - Mgr -
THE Ptar Jlair." Resnedy "restore* irsy Kilr ftn-' "
* aritf Hchiar nAilp:"- no >taTfn. or ...?tl«kln»w.
.'-.-leanse, scalp ;at" drWietF 1 .:. '^^IS^^Z'"
\ cept.no eubBtrtpte.. --^tar- Rerneyiy^Q.^3S?<jyar>..
N.OT ljow'.cti'eap; Wr Kaw : '-go.n!!."U*tr>i:inbt-«o 'of .
;-th«'- osnufar't-ureri'; cT. .-the Cepia^otary
r «iandard " the" of tOriSay J. *.
_'. \\\;EyAN.S.;ji^eJt; "»^lJ;Miirkey stj. : ¦-.., - .
"rHTsiciAic.- ¦: 1*'. >:-**^ 1 ? 11 "?. 'jp*i
• fnsnentlx:- mo^phVne. ¦rdcalni^hablt. • C*aB cr .
' ::s*ftarto- ? c!emrs*l^Fr : "i'r^f>."2Sl::.O*?A »v*- v :
' . < t crfaejy5ihjer:' i i. l :-j^ r - h ? t:^ er 3 t ''.'V- ;*¦«•"• '
: p Ai'ciNG^Tu^sdi'>C '¦T.Bu'rs;di7. : .:'S»» ; nrtJa3r . an& .
Pundiv- evVr.VSci' -a ¦? v.Tf w.tonla- Vail; ¦ Howard .
¦"' • «t;"xteVr' Fostf r^ .. ¦
' AVF-1i*fi'"i r hah Vri« ; f-"- J u*i'<"«lird; "for >s"uits;* overcoat*"
n O^*ARLES^TONSVLon«on^ .
¦'¦^a'l-^T^T/MSrkft^;;-;-..;-. :. j '..•. ;.¦¦ ¦¦ .. .-¦- ¦-.".;
-. Sf-'pr'Tv-T '.i-uV-.s'-:>-V* ii!?y. JnsiaRmepts'; 50 c^Bts
' ; : *.>V ]*<>v 1 j:S*c»s.-ii?7' Mai- .
"-¦.-' 'k*yii:': :: i*-'i. ; *~rji -A v^.thaad' eighth./ ¦-. "
" fi : -f-rff to- o'iJrr. t>n : :i")ft»n"33en^;:'$l.'-"p*r -*JCeek;'.' ¦
:\-:'-$*^%\fV-&^eXra?T?fe*tf°&'J^:7&'M$*lke*.i
' •KlAi-Tiyfc^-hi.^r'fstiisSZfx-j tnlf goods;. maci- °i.
'.: r.riyU^vg.Vy-'-'.-- \i I; lgtii&i&ii. AZ*.. BtfiOftan ««\% .
•t.A : rt.ion-^iX iXK'.Fsi't. t";6O>' drejw' parrts"' $2 fco." J <
¦•'•..•?! i!?ffj\-pift«urHr i'ii'"-36r,- > cor.--ea"?h-.'aTi.d' Dupont. 1
: -ei'^.K§FLt\^t"i:;;&ir ; an* 'rriojes: removed -..by •
: '" /V'i"^Xii^.':Tiee<j v '|e: .;l^:4'!kJrs.TYavfrse;117QMark6it -
.MA?e,V-SlV:Vnfe;^-coF-tu^'esV;-p!a-y -t*oKs." wiirs. .
-.'¦" yr:-^r!'r>:;. '^*^.<H?Lpp.TEl3S".-* fO.^S* MUt. "
f ''"'Jvij"^REr\l: :: M'.? : JB'ltJ"^tian ¦He"iiia.restor>* gray
."' } " -ha lr- .-tK 1 ii* "-nBt \icx\ color'r >1 ; ' a t- at 1 dru g g1st.s.. * •
' t ; u'i^x : !Vi^fcV.'liair'-*:" 'inr'jei 1 .-jFenoovcjl «rith e"Wc.
f. \-\fjifi i «• a lV..'^'»*irs. - * At! s>- K.a.t'on..H19 •Sutter.
- V';">'RlOO?E"i- ; y^n< "eid\ci't'aTrH.4"irea';a}.- lirtjie.
* •.«'iJr-. :^-'-»i<7l*>"i.f<Ji* V»tjmpfiia."ls...|*»f % -' <: *WlLlr-
.^ : ;l;»"M-g :^''.;CJ i nr;<^>ir>-.ct:.--S;;.F'r; '. 'J "- *
-." ¦"¦'".. .'..,- "fiL'.'i'lsir-iy:' '¦¦'--'• : .v . ¦
¦ : : '£lj&;-r{rA*'>~£<i £';'<??*'*¦ bW?'t 139 "Pdet. «,;-$l*
• ' ¦.'yrlgl' r/.V.a'.r^:--a- : '.s;perjal?V:'' <*>P>it -T«ars4s>--e-/e..
•iifiO«^ : ,^apVrfd.-:^.XK)-;'^
¦..-'- .BipirT^ifP: :J iyifni:^Tf-.^?i9^KJ: r.-tel.' Ma.m 4l»
':¦¦-. ;;^'-"wV*i|^^S-^*?"*tJR"GE9'«Si • [..'.-
;'- i '"Uf^^i-'i^O>b^J?.'S"EI-I-^ ; -/>" : n.y>rid rrsldrn^.!
\ ¦'¦ -iQilH ;-is:iLtXH:i st. ;. bet; t^irtK. .'aji S.Seyen t o h.,-, - .
'JiLOQD; Iskiji ! *<nS 'rtctaj' diseases *a' c tp"eenalty^ '
' . ..P'Rv.v'BAl.L; :^iT8.is.;aiarkrt *h'J2y^J__ L _i_ 1^
-." < PE*^'O)"Ei^^lR\-;":''SyqN.a'V*L4*-ii.' h<?r.b o dorter";
•¦¦ . .treati".*H.; : .' ( 1jJ»rasefc : 'i5f the..hu»r..iKt body u ;f*jr.
.•: i ¦¦'•pMt¦^Jb¦jr.•>v<™^'/at¦J¦"(¦^i-.1^7¦.¦¦Ma'iwa'; iaow 'lo-
. ;cat«^ "#.' «•?>": G*ar.y.-f»t... -near. IJparepwort.h: •¦*
VT<.toKiiyvK:£UX.:eu»c**^ytvPri LI Pu-"
'Tat. 'herb; rt"-v '?>-r. : ; ci:t*'? a'J 'iit*?.*^* ot himia'n
*. t>y^^ -use" "ojf-h>T,hJf .arid.rt^is!^^ 727-W*i"-hiRgtari."sjL.' :
.¦,"^".o'NX3;."ft'bV'.V? ; fe?--tam'^V ; nerti. : :!a.ncipr^AU'-4** ; --
: >.a-set'..'p'urf-d".- ; iy-.'''.^*filr.*p*iw--her>'8l' : --?-4'6^B Clay st
;^" :T ??5^0Mij r 7^P.xi : "M^;S|EKpEPiV : arT^~'
"CAlJKQlt k"I-A '; .'¦.icr'4 n p y.; ba'j - w-1 ndtf'w "room.
..'.- '^nit 'klt-efctsn; '%it's'ytp "\«J" .'complete; [no :"cb,irdneh.-
' ElftCIS; ' . t'ii A ;-:." ¦ ti i col y : furn 1 sbed sunny - rooras
'. J. i at -.-htm^'f kt-cp'i^.p.; ' ¦::'[:'¦ ::-S- : ¦ '"'-¦'• ¦¦•¦'¦' . .-I
. HARRlSQ^^-rtSFTijtit: ; a?d t>ack parlor; fur- j
;.-• vniffied^^uw^ef-^rig^^i^riQ,:'.;:- ;v." :¦;:¦.:'¦;, ¦'•;. ; -|
H^XL^ESTATEl-CiTY^
• .. • o ' -REAL' ESTATE. aQEWTS.
."; • "¦ . 5 .MONTGOMERY ST. . '.• . .-.
LOTS FOR* BUILDERS AND- 1NVEBTORS-
.."••¦ ¦ ' . '.*-'. * • " ' . ¦ . ¦ ¦
. *'¦ • * ••¦ . BtrrrfiR'ST: *•"- • •'
J12W0— North . stBe, 84:3xl37:?» In goo*
re»i"d"enc« dlsjarict; 9 first-class *ats can. be
bull* . on- tKis lot. "Each flat will "then have
5>un and litht In almost every room. Or the
*lre «f t*ils 4ot woutd allow tor 2d apartments
or tl«ts of 4 aiid 5 rooms and" bath each. .C.«bl«
cars passing. . Street' bltumlnlred. Lot on level,,
"with -sidewalk, and heady, to build.',.. ."
I".*,/ •; GUERRERO 8T. .* •
$poJ.'i5<>— 5O*t(UI00r • good "residence locality*
haraes- built 6n thrs lot. would «ell readily and.
flats "of «6 ana 7"rooms and bath would rent,
lmm*Mlatelj : ; *e!eetrlc oar lln* p'asntis: street
.bitur&ipized: artificial ktorie sidewalk laid;. lots.
.re\fi*»na ready fo-toill'd on. . ' *
¦ • ' *• '.. '•' " : •*. '-- •••... • . '
• *• ." " POTTtERjO ;AYtev'' -. * '
f&flpo— 3 lots.- *I5xl(T0 e«chj on.Hampehire'et.:.
Piitrfcro *ltumlt»ired: lottj level and ready
to'feiiild on^a splerjUld location for "email -cot-
t'agei Thl«'.lan4 -is offered at a remarkably
cheat} "price: ':¦-- -' ' v - "•'.-¦ .- :
-': • • • ." '.- - " ;.. , i .".•¦•
.. ':"¦; '." • ; BRObERICK ST. # . |
. * lir^OOO-H-ThrU 50 Varns on Beach
'and "JefTerson «*•-.; srnajl' Ijomea twilt on these
lott Jean" be. dtsposeVl of on - InMalimentB; or
•a-onld.b'e.a."st<»ady' Uicorte frojn the rentals It
.anc-.irjvestof'srUh'e* Jto kefp-.same.. "."*. ' •"
° '¦'"'•' ¦'¦ !"• "¦"" -viGfR-PEX ST.'" • •"-. : . •
•"•^ls'ssq— 137:6x137*0. on "noiith side-- of Gree^i
*t#-Vitrk very tine vlexT pf bar. . T'»l* .properjy #
Is jremafltably cheap for the- reason that the
block .Is-.qot'yet -baHt up urifl .rtraet-- work Is
rict-done. .A§ -soon .Jas -both »t these, ar*- flon«.
; thls t>rqpertv -will; "djtuble In. vs^ue; • .• " . .
/.'. '' \ : ; V'.' : ° ¦ £?.'/<•¦ \ ¦¦'::.¦¦>! : ..
.'- f2<-00«^-137:exll0.t on west. sidV of ¦ Goiigh-|
et.;-: tn Paei0N HeightV, " Thef e> ar^'the. ftne*t"'
'lots lh>t' a're'.belnf^ offered In; "that district, fbr ;
residence, purpose* ; ''.street' -work .^ri* sidewalk,..)
¦ II done. First-class ""eVldences .on these lots,
ran.'b*. disposjsd -of- easily" arf ; -It is"- «n excep-
: tionally° choke •" locafity. .- ;* ;;• •
" > c !? "•:**. PAGP.. AJCD-OAiciSTg. '•• . ; "- * I.
: ; fTTSO ".for * lots' i 2^x137:8 - oh' . nori i • rtde «f *
Pair* and .-south . *!<*« otfOak; street work all"
-.c>»nej"el.ectH<j-.cars •.¦xrlthjtn'iislf-' ar.block; flp^
.bulldlBg^lQls* -/or 'Brst'-.cJass'.- flats. . ';.; , ; - *• • -.
c : ¦ '¦ . .y'.jy'. •;TH6MAS' : AIAGEEE «- P.ONS° - *
..'. ¦ .'.' V ;J" •' - ' ¦' ; B " ,
•jipOO-^PA.Y>lES*T on 2" hew fiat* at 34i5 :Mls- j
•5 »=lo»i at; «pHl-.'rny .au per cefit.'o"* (nvestment; :
. '- 2 tfw flats on'-"Arjn.y St.. .near -Mlesioti. and >
*Jt raaoyotherR. that. will pay-big interest; t).' '
. ; COFFIN ft -CO^ 33Ctj -Mission -jst.;- •;-.-.¦¦¦.' • . ,
. TKP feUILDlS-Q CONSTRUCtlQN COM-
• . .PANT. -"*ll^>12; Catlaghap t>ulldin«..wlll bny i
. : '.^'"tTi a TQt arid HuiM ><v>u a small tash'
;•* : payment ; & '-per pay«- rrlnclpal 'and
f. •Ih.tyregjt-on Vach '11000 '-of balance' a.ue. • . • ' -
L "WHOLE -blo'clc -of" hmises Ju«« started jiear the-
j -"Pifyk bn Cfa». CoI{f.Sttrader f Parnassus ove. ;
!'- -pl«rft«. terms.' .' prices to •eiilt";* apply premise?.-
;¦' 'J-AMES ROUNTRjfcE & CO.."-137 Carl St.. ":
FOR! saJe-^A*t a:baraaln. 2 flats' Iri excellent
": condition in choice »pa»t of clt-y: *no triflers,
'."Ift<|ulfe Ml -Baker sC ' . " ' c " «
•NEAT £bttag*e, 4 robmfei mod<*rn lm*prpV emeriti*;
• ¦' terms' sswlie as. refit.. Apply owner, lumber
-¦.'j-.ard. BE\--<or. -.AU.ba.ma. and Mo.ttcalm; «te.
"NKW houses andp -.flats on'Saoond. ave. : and -C t
\ et.'. Jor safef on .etipy paymerits; oiJ« bljck. to.,
*. M«AIlIsten'cars;' prices vo suit you>^pe.n.. ;
. • i- •" * 1 * ' *.. ' a — - ' —
: rORr saJe^IIquse 8 rjr.r :'h!gh bas'ement; sunny
¦•< sid> nfflth' b>t.. Valencia & Mission*, no reas.
:nfr?r >etused:- Ft<a.)hens A : go.. gM Powell-.
PM.VL.L-. new" flats -for ;cash° or -.-inrtaBments.
• : - l"Sfl7" Maearife ave.-; 3 "blocks 'fi- of. Ifalght Tt ; -
• COTTAGE *of. 4: rooms^ /or- ""aie*, cheap; -at -1121.
¦¦-¦ .Trfat'.aye^ f ¦'.-'..: '..'*' . : - '.[¦/' '¦ . ".¦'¦'¦ ' ¦ '¦¦.¦ .-'-* - :
I A sarrlflci— n artist W?."3o0fe'"|..""'rrK>mp. and bath,-
I ''-.tqp»' < *g'«*e.' lot 5Cx"jy. .Call-51-M McAllister st; i
1J tRBETRT </<Thei'^VS:unny '. aparinif nts . for
'hdui?f JWeplftp-VrcB's :irinfe'e's;'"---:'-'*u"st. : newly- fur.-
¦¦'¦rii^^d:;;."iS.-{o.Pot.k-.ct;' . ; -'-'.V'-'. : "¦-.';' V-r..'.\'-'.- i-vv-
SE£$ij&:>'?&MrUirfi;<£''rjihtiy:;'fjr$ai\: room; . fur-
. Tigh«-^:.^ousekeyjplnr:-.-cag ra-njcej.f l'X -.. '.- ¦ ". ''
"JtfcAJ^^T^CC.-S&^^"Vcfly--' : Vfurn1s.hed- '. siihny
' gu^t.e'r;'.Raj>i;.ranj;«>-tiqt.l5atii. .Igundry; ;'J*li,'. 414.
M^'S-KtS'-'; It29^,'.-i»re'»^r«'<i.fn8r.'-. "complete ';for
¦ : V'faiJasc,k'eepihg;'.'Kas;r-ange.;; $^4."'i^r.-iMontt-.-; ¦: >¦
tt'tf Nd&R; c 'l3ii ; :~.Scrrl :;Cfiis^?.'-.' r^rnn^l'rooms:
..'. bfcth Jl ---jra'ii' .'Btv>'ve;--;«-tc.-; rent 'reasoniible,. • ¦ >•
j; jiicuXVS: ~ ',i2<^i-ii^ll: *d«ie. : ' vrie wly ; : f iir-
¦...¦¦n'isfced-r^.irpritvj^kp^^rc^nis;.- .phan^;g*«. bath.
. Tt Tl Kj ' ZiZ±£ uh hy rfjjHiipfiig .and.'.-kiKheh- -vfcf
• vb<vup^fc»!«>J>i^: >il»o '/single. ; rppnrL- '.- .,;. :;¦ ¦'> -. •
:tW^^y-^U^i : ':'^^.'-.*^ :^^»^ : 'i^
.•ny-;bay-'yln'do'"*-. : ;.TbQm£> : f urnlshed •cppiplete',
' yTt^eivHr^mt <?alj :b'ranch of ficc. .•<ar2'-.^.-rJJlmore-.
.X ' BR^**3u.'-osap^- •Tor -Call' 'a'averjlaeriients- .And
¦ ¦wubscriptiqtw'r-hatt'.-beeri liMMJ
Valfnj-la.'Kti;-. "•";•¦'',' .:'•.--¦'•' - : .':".! ¦/.-¦'- :•''!''¦'¦' ¦'¦¦.¦'
llOOMis TO LET— Forn. and ' lib f urn.
M t> ' Tiff "irTTfim jP&'Jpr : *r**t > T. ' '•¦ '5-i :•."*/•
lW4^far)i'< i t-st-.;;<X)r- r ".Ti:cB; and -Mj»rket '•: «ti.'.
' «pi>ras .*S'."jBTi.4 ' .4: -:-'--Ph<jne r - "J^sie, -4471:: :'- : ;
4 rnKv-A ;-a\;.,^ v*-*v*v- i--$-~-* -•- •''¦••¦•:-¦• • v:trj:e
¦ -.- '_ -;:W4?--rqcaie: you;. free:. pf'"-char : ge ; . -.V" '.
• ¦¦ \'; in. Eiobris- .^hh.:-or : witbout.-'board.' •-¦' !:
'. litrty&'ry'** 'iiiii&;'-RzxAij» .gr'Hqteti'.-' ¦ -.- ¦¦ \. '_'¦
JL-*-ltOT£iUJ. .'SET.HERLA..VI>
' PLAK. -JS ;T-Iik«;-."Bi";. '4-.DOORS.'.FR0m
"¦ MARKr-T-r^r-Wt'T^'lDE. ROOMS; -STIjAM
• HEAT -"AKft. ..TELEJKyS'e ." FN -.EVERY
ROOM; *R«V*XES" 73p. A' : DA VFP;. SPECIAL
; RATEg.Br^'Tii'i: japN-Hi;^.;-./.^ : : ; ;".-J ;;.-. -
A G ENTLEiT'V >* :.-of . c f egT^l'ar ; . habit* *a*n. .Tecp re
' m., si«tl*j"-rJ>*^"b^-..a4?j>v*"'i'Uit<'/-- •j'u.hny.-'.and
• <-omIort*bly .furiyfihT&jl.-'-^.wlth ¦ private \farnity.-
ose fcloct«frj^.'r^"blei.i'nrf'>!ectr*c r .-jcar .-fines
•rid 5 -•riiiifu.tefe- • *«a.lk . pixi ¦ tn-irauce;
• •refereaces:;".".B6»'4 < ?53;.V.Call.; j.'^r^L'^iS:^'
A—^RVNsWr*;k~Hp v Jse'.J.' 14.S.' •' *Slxth.^RopBus
¦25c-to.j; v*t. niVhti'.$l;2S;tt> JfS.per" 'weffcAnd
• light tnwTtekyglc?fc-..jro9m)s;- »ptp..M|- njghx • : ;
AT '*Jhfe Almonte7""t*3-MarkeV st. : Mor- No ; -. 1
— Fifth Bt.)— RbV>fr«.-'25e;..&0c-. ff.'«iiO' night;
t\ SO to Tn».w.r..ek.-;:;Jv)u?fe vypen flU: night.:. ...
Ai>TLELRS..'4iri" Turk-r^J.'-* and 5 flobnr apart-
ment"* for Jkpg.";'.>trlctly- vi}oA::-t\^c.- elevator.
"Altr>ELL". 15* J'j^e^f>jrra*hi-d."'rpo'jn«; b«>rttri
.city tor r>ric.'-.;'ffl-.":>l\2r»:.:$.l-y)- wV^k ;hf kpg.
A LAJIGE fucnlfhed rbe'm 'fbf;i' : or' X: cents ;'
' bath; ruryiinjf waler-r •references/ SS!! -Post si.
Bi:RXJ"TT, M?6'"Market r -<Qld H No:. 1?,64>— Fur-
nished. room's,. eufte<«, jingle: 4r»o. unifuKiiRheVJ:.
CLIFFORI>,/204. Ellis,, cor,'-' ila.spn— *e-ieg'antl)r
fur.ilsh**?! -Bunny. .*ropm«f; ' prices reasonable.
FILL.MORE. 1720 — L«-r« c"txrl»"-f f urnlfh.ea rbpm
• or 1 or 2 gentlemen ;"batfi.' / 1.-. ".-- , ","A.-'-.- ¦
GRAND Southern, 7th, and *Mi*BionV^Booaia iOc
<o $1 50 night*. fS.tO iqvrefk; i»a'dUig-rdgm:
Ti : . . . MiofEi* grTysjo.ne: :.;.:*.....
. ".. CC Geary •rt.j-pM&n* B«eh *•• ¦
Centrally "located .fireproof hot«>i> -^egantiy
- .funfisb*yJ. euivs* ylth baCis and singles. .-¦
LAKKIE^S7r bift. i:i?rhth and* JCint*, off l£i«-
flon- T*)ree-BU«ny rarnighed yoom? ;. f 14. ... :
MASON. Sit— Neatly furp. «*>•?*: <JI Ji! t *, : J* •
t epccta.tk: boarB optional.^ Td. Howartl *;K»6 t
MINNA, Cl>. bet. Fourth and Fifth— Newly firr-
nif.h*d ttx/mat cheap; tJpanisb.famUy. All- day.
U'FAnRELL. 20— gunny furnished rOQtfl* an<S
orOco; «-lfvaU)r;.Hec. llKbtt«day, jveelt. mo.
l'IKK l^CT — Fh-^Bant icunny'room; nicely tur-
nUhM; au; table for gentleman; run, watt-r.
Ji<A'AL Ilouie. lit! pill;— Inc^naesc^nl llt>t*.
readirp-roofr. emoKing-rooiii and ladies -psr-
lor: room* per night. ZH to "$1 "*»**: week.. $2
to f8; month. f« Uf.Wr. elefatnr on ground
floir; rooms with hot and cold uater; baths.
TO LET— A newly fumixhed /ront IjaySwIndow
room In new modern fiat with .use of bath?
1.% mtnute» from Third and Market-cts. : north
»i4* cf Market: handjr-to 3 car fines; must
have reference*, tiox 13. Call offlco> «
i-NlTED FTATEsTl23 Eddy^ «'t.. near"Mar*Pt
— 100 flngle and family rooms; 35q to II
night: $1 75 to fcl week; elevator; electric
llchti: reading-room; free bus and "baggage.
VAN NESS aveTTcia— Renbvated; handsome
funny lurnl* bed rultes front rtai: ; mod. conv.
AvTNCHESTnR Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market—
Mo*t convenient and respectable; 700 rooms:
35c to $1 CO nl«bt: *2 to $S-w#ekr Telerator;
elec llffhtf; rcii'llng-room; free bus; baggage.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and «ubscrtptlons i
received at Call branch offlce. 5200 Flllmore.
A "BRANCH offlce for Call adi-ertlsements and
•uhsrrtptions tzz. been established at 1030
Valencia rt.
'BO6«»-AkB nOAiRD. „•
A MOT. THE " ' 901 DETISADERO ST.
strictly flrt?t-cla!-s family botej; tunny rooms,
mite or single; billiard* ; etearn beat. . m
OLD Btevenson Mansion, "opp.. Grace Church,
with annex. fcOT CaJffornla at. — Attractive In-
tertor: exceptional table; free bllliar'd-roorft.
TH F. JOHN SON! «03 O' Parrel 1 et.— Sunny
r-nteti and sing!* rooms, with board: refs.
ROOMS AXP BOARD WAiWTKU.
A HOME for two gentlemen and two little
Lit'.:-. Box 49GG, C&ll olQce. •
•' ;* " * • si'iBCliillAIf { a iiJEAlL;. ••BSTATfi..- ,-..C • •"
MATS~ina ¦ thf ormatlon "of S]an --'Rafael'.- ..Ron-
and" »HU- c valWs and Martn County, of.
..CnOKER & • CO.." real esttate aeenU, . 137
. ¦-¦ Mcnfgofngry gt. ' ¦"'-¦": •¦'--' ' ¦¦ ¦ " ¦' ;_'¦ -_j^_^L'. ¦
{nBAE ESTATE . TP :. I2^CHA>'GB. :
REAL.e*tite" exen'arige a:'specialty; free printed
-. \\ti Padtlc* Coast Ejtchange Bufeau. 850
'-.'•¦Market' st.-;. '•''•¦•*.":'-. ¦ *- '-.;'•'.¦¦:
ijUST WHAT TOT>iAR^-LOpKIN'G;FOR! • °.
; 'y/^J'r:. X. PRETTr -H0M5 IK " ALAMEDA.
'* ¦?? -StifToundM'ToT flowers 'and fruit- trees; n»kr
,: ! train and schools;" only $2S50; lot ¦ 75x125. ¦" ;,-
.: - 'Nlc«'.5-r«i>m'. «_ottajte-' "»"n* bath..: '.-.;"¦ - % ¦ ": . ;
i ' '¦'.'] :: .:. '¦'¦:¦ ALAMEDA liAND MCOMP.A?snr; .. -.
. .'.Tel. CraRdlfcl.- 1500 .Park st..--' Al.ameda- .
; i; _'/:}/!¦ BEHKELEY REAL ESTATE." . :• !
: 'j*OOX>— 1507 ; PRlNC*Ei tx^\"nfar- .Santa Fe-.R.-R:';.-
' •-. .. -ia'rce -. f(-room hou&e: .hUh-. bacement; "s%a-
• .•* ;-" tile: c«»w "barn; .7.. house* for <ch"lckens; lot"
'••-••'/ : .J'C0kl35;r 6treeti work -complete; .'Call an<J
".';:• ..'-ii..- -jjiisfcect. " "'¦- .' 1 . '= • . I' •¦-!".'.'- "¦' . -I
"1 • V- :¦•:. - ¦¦: ¦ ¦ ! «.' ;•: • ' • Iw.'-c. moran &'c6.', ¦ . • "
: t :¦-;' y • .» 213fl- "fihattuck .a w. f Berkeley:. "
: j (j-eioOH-HA.NDSOME.-.'well-.'buHt. .'.-room house;-
';• bjlrf baaem*nt ; ¦ rrlc« Idf, close .to .earn':: $1*00
"'¦:"•. cash- -.ba!jince---$15r- per.. moijth. .'W. .C..-M0-*
¦ •.'-TjAX.. Lorln station. .C.C. :CM5LIH. Ashby.
i JIILL i"iLLB>' iriBAL' ESTikTB. '. .
J LOTS.50xl$J At .tbe ¦ tat ton <jri- graded, streets;'.
J • -faeautiful "trees;" channlBg views; prices .-very.
!}•', low; <5nly $&¦ to *-12-a Irorit foot; tenns, 10
.< ¦'. • per-;««nt balance ",f 10 moftrhlj'j "-Wslll
•j . 'double In "value; d,on't td. sefe them': pvei 1 "
80 lots • sold' recently: -money .advanced . for
¦ : builoing fiurposes". send for. illustfated : bock-'"
let; ageot on the ground S.uridays." * • : "" :"«
: .-".-'• . .. LYON'A HOAG. 116 a|ontjr6mery°st.". ;
j V: 0E?ICB^ 1118 ?BQAIvarAY.f * --¦
\ ..y ¦ OAJ^lfAKiy^tlEJilj'^ESTATE. •} ''. •
' •jripoTHAEHTand f50 a month'-buyb what might
. ¦•••-.be- ienned a mansion; h*puse-.tf(."-8 roornfj
i* -".. finished jn • curly redwood; paijeled^-din-..
: :.' -. -I'nic-rodm* with, china closets -and bfolt- '
.-..- r . T - cases fcuilt ¦ th^-eln;; fre*cojd" and <iec6-->
; ' ' ;rated; - nfckfl and- ypenl pJjmrKngi >uy-
.1 •• -^.-..rtJunde^ by the "finest- hoflirs in East Oak-
' . . land; neaV the ¥leg*ftit residence of. T.. H.
• Brr.ith. fceautlful. Arbor Vills,; fln"e .maHfie
view; lot &0X14JI; for eafle." at. f300p -Jess
1 i than .actual cash value;: Qrst cone: first*
' J.S.". MBYEJt? or <JEOR<5E V- AV%Tlrf.' V ? .
;•»--"-•• " I : .MOO? Broadway. Oakl-rnd. ,
f42.*,O for a."no"me that would "eost M00O to.dti-''
i • f plicate' tot 50^118; *'. drijrewTffy; flowers,-
. . palms, •'fnilt trees, tumnit-p house — in -fa«;t,.
'1 an M*i,l- home;' the owner has b;nn Vom- ,
5 -.' "pelled *to."lea\-e'."6akhand.tand" must. : ee.lj:;
*i " -. ' I t *";*nS ifly $8Q0 cash, arid balance mpTt- ¦
"-. • * ..gag;; hoase of H rooms aqd bath.-jnodprn
¦* "and* airiest new; Syrltn colonial style <?t
, architecture; fiTrst-class neighborb.obd .and
• near tKe -business center.":" ." • . •:•*¦-•
' J. » MEYIJIIS or'GEOrtGTE W. AXfST.IN.-' • ?».
. t- •¦••1002 Brgadway. Oakl4n°l.
1 $3000 — FOR^Ep sale" urfjer ¦; mortgage; poii-
• * tlvely mut}. behold at once; 10 rbonjf: Ibf
¦' IKxllo: tiunny -JfronUfge;:; close .to achoolt ,
churches and local train r;.*Poplax si. *.reh-
• tral;«very desirable * neighborhood; cost'
, • prertntf" owner 'bver J4100, .-• " '. t
$ . T ••¦' ' "¦* V'
$3000^-N(>ar|y.new modern colonial cottage pt.
,6 rdbtns, hleh ttuwetn^nt, brtck foundation;
, '• * porcelain batfc. sanitary plumbing; alt in
fine condition; lot 60x140 (nota the steel;
Ftreet Vork all Hone ;.'*tone /Ide walks lala;*
open UwiK choice residence location. neSr
I Grove *t. ; fine ban**, grave,! • drtveWar.
.. panlfn.'.arwi a .f£w frult',trees: must- b*
sold; owner- flw^y; cannot be duplicated at
• the.prtre; must be seen to b» appredateS;
;. •'..* terms t# payment If "desired. •• ..-, r.
flOO down;; balance 11k«* rc«t; new' colonial.
, ' houser ef 6 rooms and bath; Just . com-
pleted:"/ open, lawn -In* frght; 3 feet abo««
- street (Trade; Merrlmac &r 28th* jt., near
Grove.*. •:•¦*¦ * -" " • . • .. » ¦
" EeiM . for new printed .S'-fpage caUlorue, | #
: . ¦ . . f : . "GEORGE W. AVSTUH.'*-'
• ' *"¦ -1002 Broad-way, Oakland. «
ALEX. MURPOCK. Chronlr.le<bl<5g., gan Ftan-
dgco. for Oakland. • Berkeley or rjirst'hoinei.'
OAKLAND .FURKITCttB; FOtt «ALK.
TO-MORROW the dar for bargains in* fornl-
ture. U. 6cbellbaas,.llth tt.'-cor. etore.Oaklrid.
i TBAirEIii*. : ' *:"V--: :
'!".''¦" '*"•:.".' '.' ~ .'.' '"*¦• '•.¦.'.'"".- •'':"• v \~f '¦¦' •'•'•'•: '"j"«<"— z'-". '.
.;. V^Cr"?*s: " .ieai*e''San;Fra'n-'-
' /Cy^^5«\. ' c } a^° as-.follo.w»*.- .-••'. - r "•*: •.'•
• f<*i— '-' -'Xii\ : ' ¦'-' For-.-.-KptchtSari,' . Juneati. '¦¦:
/W^^Ti Hi Skagway, etc.. Alaika— tl'.a.
( \*Si' } m... Au<ust. 4,- 9:. 1», .13..- 2t.
11 Aww/J-S),. Sept,- 3... : ' Change \* com-.
V^iv"\\ ' " /Si ' pany*s .steamers at Seattle.* * • ¦
\5^-^>W>/ • For -Ylctorli; . •VaricouVef. . .
.¦•;.¦" Port. Townsend..;Seattre..Ta' J .
: . ' ¦ : '¦ , '.-:¦' ." ' coina' -Eye'rett.-- *>Uhatc6m-v-ll. ,'
a. . m.; -August.. 4v •©.. 14. : . 19; 2*.-. 2!J>..'.Sepu .3.." :
Change at Seattle, to. this- -compaay'.s' steamers--'
for Alaska" and G.' N:. Ry.-v'-.a.t. Seittte-'for -Ta- -.-
corria ta N.' p; Ry.: at Vancpuver'.to'C. P. "Ry.;
' For- Eureka* fHumboldt"'Ba'y:>^-Poiri'ona,-J.:39 •
p. ta., '.August 2." 8 Ti,. 20;. 26< -Sept;- -I';-- Corona; '¦'. '
1:30 p. m./ August 5.. ll v 17. 2TJ. 2», Sept. 4. ..
.. For Los-- An*eles; (via. Port Loji ; Arifreles and;
Redondo).'. Sa.n ' Dlega ..and. ' Sant|t^.Barbi£i-ii— ".
Santa Rosa,' Sundays, U a. ni;' .';. , " •¦ "".". : - '¦'¦ ¦ •"„.-.
-. State of- California,.' Thursdays; .0 : 'a.- -'.m. " .' ¦¦¦ ' .:
' For' •Los i :An*rele<i:'(vla-. Sari: ;Pedf6; and '-East
San Pedro).'-. Santa Barbara. -Santa, Crya.. • Mon-' ¦
terey. ' San Simeon; Caypcos^; Pt»rt. * HaMcpl .
(San -Luis- Oblspo); ventjura- and-Hu*ne^n«.- - '.
Coos Bay; 9 a. . m.; "August : -&.-:- IS,. 21." 2D. . ;
•Sept. : 6.-, ¦•'-'• ; -. .•¦-• : -". ~i.".?".'- '. ; :' "¦¦•;--¦.•':;•". . -^*
' Rarrfona. 0 a.- m.; August ¦1..-9.-IT.- 25^ Sept:- 2,
; . For: Ense'nada, ¦ Magdaletia -Bay, -'.San-. -Jose 'del .
Cabo,: Mazatlan, 'Aitata, La P.az,'..8qhU'^R6-" '
salla. Guaytnas tMexi),.lft* ;m.',.ith pf.eacft
month. ¦¦: ' - : ': -, : '.- : '.-':'.'.'.-¦ ;i : ;¦¦*••> iV'.-JV- • •¦ ?- \
¦•¦• ¦For-iurtlier -Information ¦.obtain-' folder..' ;•¦ :¦¦';.'¦¦
Right- to' reserved ta- change steamers or sail- .-'
Ins dates.- •'-. . i .¦'¦ '.¦: •¦'..':': :: w-" :' -" . : : .¦¦¦¦..
T1CXET OrnCXS— r* •New/Mont»orri-
ery street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street and.
¦ Broadway ' wharfi' •-.'.' ¦¦'¦ . v .."¦'¦'.¦:"-' •"•
Freight offlce.- 10 Market" strtet. .;'- .'."• * •»" •". '
'" C.: D. DUNANX, GerieraVPassenger; Agent..,
."¦•-. .-'; ..,;../. 10.- Market st-..-Sah' Fr4nci3en.. .
b. R; &yN*; cb; • : *f '- ;
¦ ••Coiuiribia" jails. Aug.'. J. .11; -SU M. "Qeorira
' W. Elder*' sdUs July 27. Anr. «L. "»i,v2«. .Only
• steamship line to PORTLAND. OR\ and" short
"rail line "from Pprtland * to* a" ;potata East,
' Through. tickets to. all points, all rall-or steam-
. ship and" rail, at .LO WEST RATES. ' SUamer
.tickets Include berth and jneals. ' S.teaper*saUa
foot of- Spear stl at IC'a.' ja.-rZt.T. BOOTHS"
Gen." A'tjt. Pass.-'-Oept.. -1-Jilont*fomery s^; C -.
CLTFFORD/Gen: Act". Frt.i:5pt.. a Montgna-
:.ery..sx-: y-« ¦"-";¦;-' ¦/ •¦-.-/-."•
0?£&& iHERiCAM : LiH5.' - '¦* : - *.V
.' "• NEW YORK-SOUTHAMPTON— LONTJOS. ".
: -Phlla-. .". Aug.- J2. 10"amjN. Tork.Ar«*f.""26. 10 am
St.Lbu'is.Ausc. 19, 10 am' Phlla... Sept. V.-lO.am '
ATLANTIC TRAHSPORTLi^i .
.NEW YORK^LONtiON DIRECT. /
Meh'm'eei.Aug. 8. 9 am' Min't'k-f. Aujr.-C?. 5 am
• Mesaba ¦ "'Aug, 1j." 9 am.Mln'p'lls'.-A.u.g.2'J. >10 am
. :Only ftrst-cla'ss 'patssengers carried,
v v . • ujj [Ml HI 0.1 LIME. . *^: >
; '-. IJOST.OX— Ql'.EKXSTOWN— UVERPO9L. •
' K{w Eng'lahd . .-."Aug. *6fN«w fengland . . . Sept.* .1
Mayfloker. "..'... Acs. iapIa"yflpVer..."..8ept. .1O=-:
.Commonwealth ."Aug.. 27JCelumbua. . .".* .Sept., 17
¦Montreal — Livtrpoof— Short sea' passage
•Hputhwa:'fc. . S .-. .Aug. S,' Kensington . . ¦ .-. Ang; *£>
Canada-.'v . . . .-... Aus. 22i Dominion . . :-. . . .Sept. .'»
: . Boitoa-; Mediterrane'an/* "**«* '¦
-.".¦ AZqnES— GIBRALTAH— SaPLF.5^.G,E^>OA% - -
Ca'mbroman, .•. . ."Sat.; Aug. 8: -Sept. 19, .©cf. -31-
"Vancouver..-. .*..". Sat.. • Au»r. 29? Oct. -10. Not. 21 =."
Wm HOLUND-AMERICA.UK-f' : .:
NEW. YORK-BOTTEBDAM.. VlA'-BOLLOeXE.
•'.-. -.'": • • Sailing Wednesday at lo'a^m. ". .. :*¦.**">'.'.
.¦Stat«-ndam..-...Aug. 12|Noordam. ....•..., Aj«r. 2<t :
.'Ryndam:..";*.-"...Aug.. l*>t Rotterdam. ....g.epf- *t-
v . 'RED STAITUME., •* ..' •
¦ '. ¦"- -¦¦ : "\k»v. york 5 — ax**"wkrp— Paris." .<
Zeelarid.'.Aug: S. 10"am[Vaderl""d s Aug.."22.10 am '
Finland-.'Aug. 15:-10.aml«Croonrd-.Aug.20. 10 am
: WHITE STAB LIME.* ¦
¦ >EW XORK-QUEE.NSTOW.\-LIVEHPDOL.. '..'
¦ . . ¦ Sailing Wednesda-ys" and. Fridays. . * .".' .
Teutonic. .Aug. 5,- norn CedTic,. . Aixg. 1*. 9 am
"'Arabic... -Aug. "7, .5 pm Majestic .'Aug. Id; .noon ¦
•GernuCvic.Aug.-,12. n&>n Celtl.o. . '.Aug. 21. 4 pm
C. D." TATLOR. "Passenger Agent'.- Pacific Coast.
: .--ai-^Post .St.- gan ; Francisco. - .
iMoilSENiAiSHA;
.*«**.. * * - * ' I,, . »
• '¦ '.• '• .(0R1ENTA1* STEAMSHIP COJ
Eteamets will leave wharf, -corner First and
Brannan- streets, at 1 p." m., for YOKOHAMA
and ¦ HONGKONG, calling • at Kob« (Htogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
•HonKktnur with steamers for India, etc. No.
careo received on board on day of sallias.
B. S. NIPPON MARU Friday, Jviy 31. 1903
.8. *S. AMERICA! MARU ;
Wednesday. ' August 20. 1903
.S. S. HONGKONG MARU (caQtng at Ma-
C nlla) -...Saturday, September 19. 190.1
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
ratp*. For freight and passage, apply at Corn-
Daily's' offlce. 421 Market street, corner First.
*^ W. H. AVERT. General Agant.
ffamburg-Stmerican.
FOR PLYMOUTH-CHERBOURG-HAMBCRa.
Twin-Serrw Ezpr«u ui Pustsgn Strriss.
Pretoria ......Aug. llBluecher Aus. 20
Moltke Aug. 6 Pennsyhranla ..Ausr. Ti
Waldersqe Aug. 8 A. Victoria ...Aug. 27
P Slgismund..-Aug. l&'Patrtcia Aug. 23
EAMBTJSO-AXSSIOAS LUIS. 37 B"w» 7 .: N. T.
HERZOG & CO., 401 California St., Cen. Agta.
occaiiics.$.co.sSig
S S. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday. Aug. H2p.ro.
S S. MARtPOSA. for Tahiti. Aug. 13. U a. sa.
g' S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Aug. 15, 11 a. m
fcrtyll K3r*. 32! lartil IL.Piir la. 7. tta& 1L
C0MPAQ5I3 6SHZTULS *nUUf3ATtAimqO3
DIRECT XJJnS TO HA.VRE-PAJUS.
Sailing every Thursday. Instead ot */*E««fi|
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. -*t"wt»
North RW«r. toot o* Morton street-
Flrst-ctas* to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond-class to Havre, *M5 and upward. GKX-
.feRAl. AOENCY FOR UNTIED STATES AXD
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson BulldmiJ,
New York. J. F. FUGAZl * CO.. P«clflo Coast
Acents, S Montgomery ¦ avenue. San Francisca
Tickets sold by all; Railroad Ticket Agents.
Mar* Island and Valid Jo Steam ar». ¦
hteamcr GEN. FR1SBIX or MGNTICKLLO—
9i& a m.. 3:15 and 8:SO p. m.. except Snndar.
Sunday 9:45 a- m.. 8:30 p. m. Leav»» V*ll«jo,
T a. m.. 12:30 noon. • ix nfc. ex. Sunday, too.
day. 7 a. xa.. 4:15 "* m- T*n. M cents. TeL
Main 1608. iler 2.*MUston-«t. dock. HATCH
FAWCETT— In Berkeley, at 1408 Henry street,
• Catherine, the beloved wife of Robert Faw,-
cett, and mother of George H.. Fawcett, a
.native -of Thurso. Scotland, aged 56- years 2
' months 'and 8 da>ys. • .- : . ¦'¦'.
' ' CT Friends -and' acquaintance* •> are respect-
fully Invited to attend; the funeral "8,u*na ay,.
August 2, at Trinity -M/*, E.' Church, corner of
AlAon way and Fulton street (Berkeley' atai-.
i. tlon), at 2:30 o'clock. .' .. _' • •
FLAXMAN— In tha City and County Hospital, .
July 31, 1903, Tttomas' Flaxman, a natlye of
Nova Scotia. ¦as«d 74 .>-ears. _.
FOLEY— In this city, July 3(K, 1903.' Elltabeth.
- beloved daughter of James • and" Llz-zle Foley,
and grandchild of Mr. and Mn». J.'ISoley and*
Mrs. K. Storer, a native* of S.an .Francisco,
aged 1 month and 3 days.
ty Friends, and acquaintances are respect-
fully ' ir.vited • to attend • the funeral services
Saturday, August 1, 1903. at 10 o'clock, at
' the f eaidence of heh parents, 1069 Broadway.
Interment Holy, Cross Cemetery: -
GOLDMAN— In '.Grand Island. July- 28." 190S,
Christian P.. father of C. J. -Goldman, and
grandfather of- May - Ruggles.-.Mrs. Freder-
fcks, Mrs. Florence Stelgje^.and Leslie Rug-
.glea, a native. ctf.Denma.rk, aged 72 years 1.
'rnonth anil 15.' day-s. • " ••
3C3*The funexal will- take place Saturday,
" August 1, at 2 o'clock, from- Clark & Boctfh's
' undertaking parlors, -1019 FourJLh Btreet. Sac-
. ramp nto, Cal." ;•' . . '•'¦¦ ' - „
HENRT— In (his city, July. 31. 1903. .Adalbert"
• Jajnt>s. .beloved husband > of N.* Kate Henry,
" a na°tlve of I^arisas. ag?d 36 years 6 months
» arfd: 18'days. ".•¦•••.' ."
. fii^Frjends. acquaintances an* members of.
¦ Bridge and" Structural Union Workers. Local
¦ %o. 31. and Hoisting .Engineess' Union N*o.
m. aVe reepectfully Invited to attend the^fu-
•neral sei^-ices tAiridpy. August 2. . 100J. fitlu
' o'clock; 'af the fhapel of. Charles. H.- J-Tra-
• ' man & Co.. 1909 Mission street, between Flf-
tpentb ahd : Sixteenth.. Interment .CypVess.
Lawn- CeriVf (fry. . " ". • -" . ¦ v .' , ¦ '¦¦¦ .
HEN R10U.LLE— In '.this' ' city. -' July; ! 30,: ; 1003
Elizabeth Victoria Henrlojulle. 'dearly belo\'ed
daughter of John B. . and. Mary" A. HejirlnHlle, ;
: beloved, slater "of. «h? .lat'e.-.Lbuta/JObeph Hen r ;
rloulle, and «W>ce of Gregolr.e .of this .city.
. Louis J. of San .Mwteo.-and the late' Gustave*
Henrloulie Of .this city/ the .late ; Mrs. -K,;
¦ BshMS-bf Mountain. View.. Mrs. : Juliana
.AVffhl . of ,\Fr-fi>no. -~f"al.;* and f Mrs.'. -August.
. tSlmmerlfr-.'of :E'4en .Vale.^Santa 'Clara County.
.Cai.,« a' native- '.of. /San- .Jose, tral., aged 17.
• -ytcru 11 .rho'ntbs and, fj-^days..-. •/. '•• *• •• • •
• *-*t3*Frle-nds.iind.?cqaarntan-ces are respect-
*Iully Irivltftd-to-aWP.nd-.the' funeral Mondu'%
•August .3. 100.''.">t S:30-o* (flock., trom the par-
' lOfs of the Oantrmr '& 'Guntz .Undertaking
• Company, -12p;t- .'Mlsslori " isfreet, • .between,,
•KU^th and Ninth." thence .to .Nntr*! Dame. de»
Vivtojre» o rhurcb, rtu'sh-streef, -bet w-een. Grant
•avenue and : Stfliekmn". street; where, a solemn
requiem. high- mass," will. be celebrated for the
' rfjftjse of • her- • soul.' commencing at o t»:30.
b' clock.. Interjnenr Holy. Cress .Cemetery.. •
HUGHES— In, this city. Jijly 31, ' 1003, .Mary.
• widow of. the hitV Michael. Hughes',- a. native :
! Of County' c;ork, -Ireland^. ' ' ¦ " -.' ' ¦
. *tC7"The funeral -will .tfke plac.»> to-morrow
(Sunday), at l"o'cio..-k. from her late rest-,
de'ne*. ..TirtS' "Fclsom. stwet. .thence to- St.'
P^ter> Church for services -at. 1:30 ¦o'clock.*
Interment Hojy" Cro*s «>metery. A requiem
"high mass 'will be celebrated on Monday.
'• August- .3, . at • St;- Ivor's , Church.'.- Frlejjds'
¦; are ,re*soectf ally; -Invlteo to .attend.-. - ; ' . •
HURIT)— In tills city-" Jtily- .30. 1903. John "H..
: b«to^•ed husbajid of." Jer\nte Hurd, -a native of
. Ioiwr, -atfed 82 Veaff.. A. member *of Tieattle
JVSrle No. l'-and Switchmen's. Union of North
¦ -America No. h\ of SeatUe. . •• • •" •
' TCTFrlends-and -frcqualntances are respect-'
fijlly Invited .to attend the funeral, to-morrow '
"^Su'nday), at 1 :30 o'clock, from Eagles' Hall,
j 720 'Market street. * Interment -Cypress Lawn
''Cemetery', by' '2:30 "o'clock. train from -Third
• -and Townsend' -streets. • fiemalo's at the' par-.
lorfc bf 'MtFad^den,- M'eBrwirty & Gceen. 1171
Mission -street-,' between Seventh arid ElKhth, :
till 10 a. m. Sundily.; "• ... - . - • .. '. ¦;
JOHNSON— In. Oakland; JuVy 30; 1903, at 17J7
¦Eighth street, :'Aliw" -X G.- Johnson, beloved.*
mothei^bf Mr«; R. L; Hans6n, Mrs. E. Stone,
G," Warren. Leah, Ebene*;er and.'AtIle> John-
son, a -native of Michigan, aged. 51 :year«- 5
'"months and 23 diys.- . .-" -. -. •¦ ....•¦.-..
JOSEPH— 'In Berkeley. July 30. 1903, -Anita,
ilearly - belp\-*d -.daujrhleT 'pt Charles A. and-
Anna Joseph, 'And loving sister of Madelln*
. and . Slnclalre Jpiraph; : a -native -ot Berkeley.
Cat.,' aged 1 year.!* months and 25 days. '¦-.
•" ftJ'Frle.rid.s aiid' acquaintances ar« respect-"
fully Invited to attend "the • funera.1 services ¦
..Sunday, August % l!J0.V-at 9 o'clock, at .the
mortuary "chapel -af' Julius S. Godeaii, 305.
Montgomery avenue, • IntermerfC Iloly J Crossr
•Cemetery. '". .:• ' ¦¦¦¦¦ ;¦". •' . ¦••? . ' I ¦'. u '¦•• '• i '. ;
LKONG— In: thJs olOr. Ji/ly 1903; • Annie
AVatson, -dearly "beloved wife of Leong Sing,
¦ dquRhtPr of Chiarlea and- Fahhle Watson, and
iKlsler ¦vt' Mrs.. .lies' Die : i* e WHJIams,- Jenhje,'
Eddie and- Mabel IVatso'n, a native- of- San
.-Ft-anelsco,-. aged 1H years 10 jnonths and- 7
.days. ' .. '¦-¦.•' ;-. ' ..... ... . .' '
.*'. ttj^Frlends .and Acquaintances* are respect-'
fully Invited to attend the. funeral services
Sunday; August- 2, at 2 o'clock, at the real-
¦dence bf her mother,- 728' Washington street.
McILWAINE— rln Oakland; July. 30, 1903, Jose
McIIwaine, beloved husband of Margaret- MC-
"llwalne, -a native of Ireland, aged 60 years"
1 month and 5. day's. ' A' member tof 'Potter
. Lodge No. 441,- F. and- A. M.. of . Philadel-;
phja. Pa. . * ¦• ?¦¦.-¦ ¦¦" . •' '
.' ItyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-'
fully Invited -to attend the. funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 2* o.' clock, from -his late resi-
dence, 517 Eighteenth. street. Oakland. Ser-
• vfce-s-.urtder the auspices of. Oakland Lodge
No. ISS, F. and A.* M*. -Interment Mountain
''.View Cemetery.- • .« • * '. *..-.-
McBTKELY — in Oakland. July 31. 1903;- Car/}-'
. JIfle.S. McN*elj«. nfother nf. -I-:ila C. McNeely,'
Mrs^.Frjink- Rockwell and Mrs.'J-. .F.Lownes.
;.and «istc"r b'f 'Mrs.' J (i S. Shoemafter,- Mrs.'- Ina
j -'Kln-iel- and Mrs. Sarah Whltlach. a na.tlve"
. of Pennsylvania, "jS* 1 ! C9 .years 10 "months-
I a*ndjo dayc • • ' ,».• .-•: ."• \ -.".
. '• • ttTFrlendji and acquaintances' a'fe-. respect--
•fully invitid to. .attend -the funer'ar. services-.
August 2. : a't 3. o'clock, at 'the tarn-'
: Jly r ; ebldfnce. UZA Adeline «treet.: /fiakland".
lnUnnent M0urtarn : View Cemetery. •"• -
MAKER— In "this- city,- July 3i;."M|03, John
; ".Mailer., beioVed stepson- of "Patrick" "Haley,- a
'. native .ot New. Orfeaha, *L.a..,-sised- til yea'rs"
. -and -8" months. * ' '.•.-• •-"••.".
¦•¦ •.tCrFrteiids and acqualnta,ricfe8 are i-espect-
• fully -Invited "ty.atttnd the -funerat to- morrow"
¦ . "(Sunday), at ¦ 12 :rw*.o''elo<k, . from- the . parlora
of James. McMenom<?y. & Son* 1037 Mission"
•«treet: opposlVi new post-i;ffl.ce,-- thence to St.
• ¦Hflffid'B Church for. -services; comirieiicliis at-;
¦ 4 o'ch)':k. -Inu-rment Holy.CnoKs : Cenwtery.--i
MEAGHKR— hn .thin ~ctty, ¦ 4uly- . 20; 1DQ.5. .1
• .Thomas', , beloved -"brother -ot;. W.I'lllarn J."
. Meagher and. the' l'nte Jphir-'F. 'aiyl 'Michael-'-
- Meagrfer, -a«natlve of Ciurify-i.lrne.rlck, -Ire-*[
land, agM (Irtyeart. A member tff • Veteran. 1
. Firemen's' AssociattDri of. San. F.rariclsco. • • H
: . fCTThe funeral "swill '-'take place to-day
/Saturday)-, .at b:W -o'clqck." ttom' thS real-.
u>nce" of- John O 1 Kane^/.iai •. HaleJit street.-
• 'tlfence to Snci;<'d.Hf!iit ("liui-eh. V.-hf ip a s»l-
. erfln requiem high., mass « will ' bt "Celebrated-
. Tor the"repc#gfr of his soij.1. at 9 'o'clock.' In- •
<ermerlt Jloly Cross C<-mftery, Jtiy 1 1. .o'clock •
'..train t«>m Xhjnf. and Townsen'd 'streets. '•¦$ . '
MORE.UT— In'.Jhls city". July .:•¦,>,' KK);;, °Con- .
i«tanctj "-Mor^'au, a' iJatKe <if 't'rance,. :a'ged 54
" yt»ar-j.'. " '••*;. ¦ ¦ '•' ".•'.'' ' •:.»-¦' -;- 5 .'•'..
--. CC?'Friend's and 4cq.ua*|ntances 'art. respect-,
•-.fully invited to attend "the fu'rieral service's.
• dundaV, '.August 2. ".1903." »t • r.*' clock., at 'the.
;. .njortu'ary .cHnpel ot J. S-. Godp'au,-;306 Mont-
•'• gomfery avenue. ¦ . ;¦*¦ - : •* ¦¦'.¦¦'.'¦ ¦¦¦ • '-. • ; u
.-M-CL-LEJTf-i-In*. tbls city: Julv .^1; lflOl.- GW-.
:'¦ JOlte-jviuller, belovejj . mo.ther.. of puvtave'and I
¦Samuel' Rudolph Muller, .a 4 .riaUve/'-of -*Gei>«l
' '.many;: aged -"(58 ye^rls ;' .mojt)ths."arid 26 viav-.s. 1 I
¦ REG AN^-lri " tjiii " cltVl, "July. 81; 1&OJ.- JeremUh 1
.- Regan-; ' dearljr. -bcloVea Hari«rah.-
: . Regan.'. and: beloved (ather- -of r .lphn and.-Jo-'
• -8«;ph"Uegan'and hfre. d.-.D. B^ro*:' a" "native
.; of County Conk". rr?land,- "agefl. (it years* 7
" "months and*. .U days. • •. •¦". -.-.• *..-..
;¦ ? ¦JS'B'rjeTitls'.and 83cqualntance» are reajiect-.
¦ -fully .Invited to", attjend th.e TuneraF Mommy,
August 3.;. 190*/. at V: 45. o'clock; Jrom. 61s late'
.' .resldenc?; "1441 Seventh avenue south. Soulh-
. pan K.ran.ci«eo, iherfte to AH. Hallows Church,"
.' N..!>tre:et,.-nta» -Sixteenth "avenue" s6n<h» where-
; ."a Veqlikm-'litgh'-maJss "will .be "celebrated *for".
" the" re.t.ose"."6f .his loul, commencing at 9.:uO
'o'Glock* , 'Interment-: Hulv.Orosk C.eme.ter)*.* . .
' R0(5Fv^.n. Gilrsy. July " 31, . : 1003, Qeo.rfte.-.W. *
Rpop, '"'dearly- belov ; ed:. father ot ejpbrge B.--
*,Roop anil'Grace Flpel, .a*ha.tl\-j»".oP Pcunvyl-"
" • .vunlii. .-aged" "(J-'yeare. - # '- • ,- •• • . •'.-; ;..• "
... py-}riternient. prltatei- '¦ • .¦*"•-, . • '.¦ .-••-.
SING4.EY— Jiilr 31. i'lOOa.* James" A-' " Slnk'i'ey,"
, 'a'Vtatlve of -Petalutfia," afeed 47. yea'rji. '• • .. •
, SPJNIvTTI— In s WalrCut.- Grove, July* 27',- IDoi. ¦
• *onn- "SplnettC dearly beloved son", of .Mary.
" an'd tfie° late« Johp SplnettL arm beloved
brother' of •jytfa." Etjiest and Ire'ne Spin^ttl, a
• native of Jackijpn, "Amador Cob'ntj\ agei 21)
years r-7 ' mqnths, an*rt lti c days. -,* • ., »'
• "-. fCTFrlends y>nd acquaintance* are respect-*
'. fully tnvljed 'to attend the funeral Saturday, '
• August l. J90». at IT:US o'«16ck, from his late
residence. Kt7» Union street, then<e«to Sts."
• Pettr .and Paul's CIfurch..wherV. a -jotemnTe-'
•yilemihlgh'mass *4-lll be celebrated for tha*
• rep«se"of his" Aoul, tommtjneing" at VO o'cloclt..
ln»erm«n.t fldljr* tfrbss Cefnetery. ; .••.*'
WA.TERMAN— In tHl» city, «"ujy ."so,* 10(fe.
= Mar> "Frances Wat*rmar*. beloved*, daughter'
of George \yaterma"n. and sister of William,-
• (\cbtge and- 14 zilo' Waterman, a : hative of-
Sam Franclseo f aged 2"J rears and >4 months.
. .•"nT*Friends.aie.rfs*j«ctfuHyJli»vited to at*-
. tend't^e futieral to-tnorrow (Sunday), at 12:';0*
• o'clock",' lroin»the pa.flora of "Caxew & English *
29 Van Nets avenue, *th£hce .to Sncred Heart"
Cli'urch tor s servlccs". Intormejit Holy Cross
Cemeftry.*- . .'• • £- : .•' . :
WEIJJIKIMER— In Mountain Vtew/.July 3*^
. l'JOCI.* Sophia Wellhejmer. belo-jcd w*ife of the
late Sellgman W.ellhelmer. .and. holoVvd
. "mother of .Mrs. CeUa Marks,' Jnltus. and-
Hftnry -Wellhefrner sand", tli* late Aaron -and.
• Sartuel. \Yellheljner7.B. native of . uappena.u.
Germany, aged" 70. years 8 months. and*.8"
, day's. ¦ • *'.":. • ¦ "• . ¦ :.
• . .ty Krlends. and acquaintances, aiys respect-
"¦•' fuHy". Ijivited to attend - the fuheral services
'to-mnn-ow (Sunday), at H:45 # o'clo«k, at. her
. late rf3ider.ee; '. MounUln .View, * Santa Clara'-
Count>t latei'tn,ent; Home ¦ of * Peace Cem«»-
VeVy, -ort the arrival. of the 12:53 d > ojocli* train
- from , Mountain , VI6wI Notice—^ThOse deslr-
. tng-to.*att'»n(t tha services- at -the residence at
I* MountWM " VJew tak^ ' 9 .9' clock . train, from
' Tjilrd and Townsend sttynts. . :-'•• . ."P.-C: Baker, a stableman at 273 Tehama
street, secured a warrant fr.om. Police
judge Cabaniss yesterday for' the arrest'
-of '.'"John Doe".- Davis on 'a. -charge of'fel
pny'embezzlement.- He said that the.de-.
fendant , hired :a horse. ;ind buggy, from
hlriron June. 23 and sold the rig. The po-
Hce say '.that ' Davis ' Is the* young man
who is under arrest in Oakland under the
name "of Edward. Franklin on a'charge pf
passing worthless checks. ••'.-':
B.F.Stoll, dentist;. Haig'ht A Masonic av.*
'Accused of Stealing' a Rig.
' T^p yev»\Veitt:rqi:thia week 'la "one 'of the
¦ jnoit-satlBfactbry. and-cornplete. numbe'ra which'
hiB appeared for some time.-- departfnent
•of, local •lite. Is, touched' 'upon .knd .a t coihplete
•view of the' doings ' i'ij. politics and society, with
a flavijr of bright sossip .and sparkllp* satire,
i» to'be foiindln its' pasea. : An article, upon the
yay .In-.whiclr our .locai loaders of fashion dregs
and .the -very latest mode*: in gowns should -be
Invaluable, to wqnjen." -Tr-^ Looker -On- has'
found '.* hew .stories - which . v will make ' the sub--
Jects. 1 wonder' how-, tho •'•Information.' "was. ob
talned.. The financial '. column malntalnn it's
reputation' for- sound' knowledge; and shrewd"
nees.of insight. There is. moreover, a very good
shprf story. ¦ ' s " .:"••-. »'•-.*
Ra))bi. Nietd Has Returned.
> .Rabbi Jacob 'Nieto'. having .returned" f rorn
the; East-will .preaph the^ .Initial '..sermon of
: the .seasoh .this; morning-iri ;.his*/She.rith
I;srae.r'.Cprigregatlpri,. corner.- of Post, and
TayJor stree.ts.- . Services' ; will.. commence
at 10 o'clock^ • The publicis -invited." .
'if youf can't Ret- ."the /'Genuine Bsihk"
Stock paper," send WMyB^H-Rollinii, 22. Clay.»
Judge and'. Clerk Byeturri.
United States District Judge ,de Haven
and. United- States- District Cqurt -.Clerk
George El' Morse .have", returned." froni
their- yacations..-. Judge de • Haven -''wlil
open the. District Cpurfpn. "Monday, 'when
the matter of of William IL Dll^
lard, negro-clerk in <he- United • States Iri
teinal Office, 'will come up.; Dillard- has
been' Indicted- for issuing forged Veer tin-,
cates of residence. to Chiriese. • ." " " ".. ".'.'
Isn't it about time. for.the hew: Noah to
tend out a -dove and. see if the. dry land
can be found anywhere? ¦
Insolvent Policeman.
• Edward; M/. Cha'pin,. a- policerriariv..-re
siding , in " thi? city, , filed a petition < in" in-;
solvency yesterday ', in the United. Stages
District" Court:.. He owes }17H and has no
assets'.. ' '; ' , ' . ' . ' ' ¦" " -'• ;: '
1- Tlie^eaist of St;;; Ignatius Loyola wih be
.celebra.ted j on:.- Sunday. >at-,the." Jesuit
Church, -Y an \N?ss \ avenue -.arid- Hayes'
• street. At ,the solemn* hi^h mass; at- 19:39
a. "rni Archbishop 5 MQiitgomery .-wiil- of
ficiate ipPntlhc'aHy ana 'Rev./Hehry Wcbds,
S*, J.,; will . deliver : the panegyrip. ' -• Th«
male ..choir, under .the'; direction of Dr;
Maurice W.' 6'ConnelI,- organist arid'•di
rector, .wiir render Riga's mass }h A' flat,
. and for : organ- ' solos ' Lemmen's ¦ "Marche
Pontiflcale/.' Offertpry; in Diflat by Sa
lome arid ppstlude-1n E flat by GoOnod
will be.lriterspersed. . ".
¦ The : evening Service will commence at
7:30 -o'clock arrdwlll Include Gregorian ves
pers,. "Iste Confessor.'.' by. Goodlglam;
Cagliera's ."Magrilflc'at,". and- for solemn
benediction "Jesu Dulcis Memoria." by
Riga; "Taritum Ergo," by- Coccia and
"Laudate Domtnura." by Melvil. On the
organ. Dn OlConnell will render M Marche
Trlomphale." by Callaerts; "Offertoire a
Stl-Ceclle,"- by. .Batiste", . and "Pilgrim
Chorus,", frpm- Wagner. . Rev. Patrick
Foote/ S." J., will deliver the sermon. •
< The 'following, gentlemen constitute the
choir; J..B. Lane, T. J. Walsh. G. For
tesque, E. E. Hilbert, J. H.' Davles. J.
Redmond. G.."Berger,. Sis Borghese. R..J.
Wright, .G. V. Wood, T. Panzinl, R. E.
Kern and,Signor Comachi. • . • -.
St.; Ignatius- Church, Will .Celebrate
'•-.< -/•'>¦- jPayJn Honor of Founder -of * '¦
_ -" * - . JestUt-'fOxder^v-: :.•":-; •¦.. .
FEAST OF SOLDIER-PRIEST • ;" /,
•W TO BE iTTTTINfiliY . OBSERVEb
Schweitzer /lives'^ tu 372 ¦VSo"uth'-;;First
¦BtVee't^.iirid ii
hand^awell.; .'The. man. hasa -great rikirig
¦for. . wild ¦ beasts/ arvt V had . in a.'de.. -arrange-'
mints'. to;ehter.vthe;iibn's cage' to-rriorrpw
evening. . T)ie" lion ,is said ip : be :'as :savage
as the noted"; fnan-eater ; Wallace, arid •' the
'showme'n/declare;_it Has. 'been the vifitor
in. eighteen :bullflg'htsi v" Schweitzer, a \fevi.
¦years ago had; one of his ' arms . tPrn .by a
lipn:'at the Chutes. .'inSjan Francisco, in 'a
similar.rnanrier, -.'•'." , "• " *• . ..' ••; .' .."
; : 6A^^OSE r ;"July/ : 31^Qttoy-/Sch.w«fltzeT
had. his; right: hand; iacerated'by a.'large
liion that' is .'being exhibited on- North
'First- street'; last> jjight.- ¦¦. The; ¦¦". rhari \\vrai
stroking the. beast ¦'.-.^qri i : : .t)h,e"/-fcead;«'-;arid : 'jt
..^B-'itawnlng.'-"^'^''---©^^^^* Its ; moutli. 'A
small. .boy: at /the .other ';' aide ".of; the; cage
prodded, trie 'ahimai v /with"; a;; sharp/stick;
'.'thig; ilpn; m^de.; a;;Vl£loiis. jBn^^aml^eipseel
its.ja\ys:pri;Sch^ft«r's;h^
a yelVpt painVf^m;the;;ihJu^
the .l}on ;be<^me: ragingi-^^
Cagevand^lashing^ts^tall/ ;•"¦ Dr.::Trueman;
attehdtd'-. : Sqhweitzer^an*.';fou.nd' that -the
¦lkin's:te^th;had gpri^.throughthe hand in'
two *piaces:'';.Fprtuna.teiy/;n6;;b
crushed- v;;/';. ~»^"*\:'- : $^ m :. ¦•'-.'. : .-K ; .r-.!r.;;V ¦1V-V ..¦;/
ifc'ecia-i.-P^sratcH to/ The.iCail
: - Zinkand refused to dlscups the ttiatter
further than to admit he had .been- served,
with summons In a suit brought, by Dr.
Stern." the grounds of which- he said he
did: not know. " /• :•'. "• ' V; "-. ' -. - : ; 'v '.". ¦'•: •;".
¦But beWnd this tEtatemen't'off bare;. facts
is '.. the : story : - of ..prolonged. -: at
poker, in, which i^r;>;;Stern' .and-' : zinkand
were ; In the ;habit - of participating^ i to*
spected; meri.^^ '-".to iithc" plaihUJfTs
attoniey;. it was : ;th<i .custom/'of.- this/select
gathering to play high, but carefully. , and
.the standing of the. coterte'was ;sp excep
tional . that .. the . Interchanse. ./of-^actual
money in. the gafne was" not dceriied nee-,
essary;: ; At the end of each 'evening.Pf.
relajtatlon with, the. pasteboards, thehmern-;
bers. squared accounts with- 1 "O U'sj set?
Uement of which was to, be .made/subse
fluently.: •' . ./ ,.- ¦ \ ':•¦'/ ..Vt '>''¦:'¦¦¦ "'¦/''•" :.-;v- : ¦:'. '"'":•••'.-¦
. It came to pass,' according, to :Pr^ .Stern,
that on May 3, .1902^ Zlrikand was indebted
to him in the sum of $l§00. which, ob.iiga-;
tion was contracted through ' p.. .s'erjes. of
attempts/to 1 :. see what' the 'plaintiff ". was
betting on. ;in liquidation of this; amount
Zinkand Is alleged to have paid $100 on
May. 10 and .$500 on September 15;- .Then
the horrible enormity of the sm. of gamb
ling came " over .him • apd he /refused 1 to:
liquidate 'further, so Dr. "» Stern 'brought
suit: . • " ;.: •'" ' : ;¦- . • /;: .V- :-\/' v
. The was /filed - .yefterdayi by
Lucius Ealamon,. attorriey .for-: "the/plairiT
tiff, and merely , rccltes'that ; about, a y.ca'r
iagp the .'defendant, became 'indebted ;tp;,the
plaintiff in the sum of $1000. ¦¦ _ '¦ /; ; ,;
J'Out/bf 'the Jong-hiirhts /'spent arpurid.:'a ;
greeri v paise '¦' table; ; where ; . one? : estjinabie:
gentleman would •endeayor: to |-anriex .tlje
glitteringgpld of his: f eiiow^gentleinan: by :
backing a f ipur flush/t?) '-beat ajdiueenfull.
has arisen :'&¦ lawsuit; w%teln| Dr. :Jj6ui£
Stern .'.seeks ; to,^^ recover ;$l6^/frotn; Charles
A. Zfnkarid; proprietor; of . thes Cafe iZins
kand.'-:': '; ;: .:-/- /. ¦(•¦"¦,' =v. ; '/;.- ; "¦'. 'I 'JiZ'V'"-'-'* '?£''*
$1000 Frbin Gl^fe
Proprietor;) .
Div Ijouis/ Stern iArahts
San Jose Man Fails to
Win Friendship .of
' Caged Beast.
STROKES LION
HAND IS BITTEN
r^SlB^^;^ifiy»)bie^-^^'€^.^CStid^^B^u;
.of ¦ the^ University i pf Cal
if^'ririaj. :& vbjBrhquet a t a downtown
.yrstaura'ri.t : ; ', 'last.' Jpighp • -..-; <Gradnatcs from
Ne,w : ,Yqrk "and Eastern; colleges as ;weil
jas.Vmemb^ri.'.Of /the -faculty, at Berkeley
V?re":Jp attendance". > Professor H. Morse
.fitje jhens;a.cled'^"s ¦tpas.tniaster. . / ; / : v
.JCbUeg-e Men ; Sold Banquet
.; vThe." .rjegulari' quarterly /meetiri^. Pf. the
•St^te; ; vBbardVp'f. ; : ?harm'afcy .;:. waii' held/iri
t his *clty7 on r July : 28^: Delegate* from all
parts ¦ of the* State/iattehded- the; meetirigv:
The !: f^bili»wlrii5 i'pfJICi^rs -rwere:; /elected- ;-tp
serye^duringthe^hsuing/yearr/PresWen^
G^iarjes:^^Rpwleyr.secretary.v-Jph'n.Cjalyerti
Thfc board, \yiil' meet, again at; ::li6s;:vAn.key
•lc's, bri;C)ctbb ; er.'13. / ; //C- ¦;/;•- Z'\-; : -. // :-: : ;':V ¦•-'•.'••
Board of ¦' Pharmacy; Me^ts.
who; wa& 'severely 'burried
at the flre of^st^Crison'streeta^a'nvC^rjy
hour: '] mbrnlhg;;;;was tenioyed
f rprri ; the; JSipergency; \ Hospital .: yestefday
to the City a rid ; County. - ; I lospita lv w here
Dr. MeElray considers ~of TCr;
COveryVvfTy 'dqubffuIV'v'Wrtin's.; in juries,
Wer)p ;sey etc 'bupnis/Btbout; the : ;unper:.po ; r«;
tipnbC jhcbfyl^ arid arrrisV;;;-;."; :..; ;.-: •'¦; ¦". '¦'¦'¦
Martin's; Cbnditipn;CritiJcai.
: / AVtransf gr of i/conslderaWe '^iritere^
"the; retail rhercaritll^
ative. of /the/fact-: that;, business -.locations
"pri /ICearny '.;^stre.et 'are^^ regarded, as among
.the;b^t"ln : ;t}ie» city' took- p.l^^ yesterday,
¦.when : ;-Ke3.ly;..;&' : ¦.\Ueb'es;-;'jtVansfert'e.d-VtKeif.
t'en;;,year; lease pri > :thi. ; ::I^wlis : liili3rerste!a:
buiidingj now being.. reconstructed,' at ;the
ssouthe^st-'.; corner 1 of ;>P.b8V-.-'iMid;;v'Kisartiy. ;
streets, to ;th.ei ':. vreil^^ k^wn.' piano :.flrih of
Kbhl.er ;^fe Chase.:; Ne.Ither.of the lnterestr
ed /flrmS'Iwlllv divulge^ ;.th6; consideration^
but^ it"is ; .understp6d;t6. bAye .been.in'.the:
;netehborbbbd of ;$30^iopi/^V' \ M?>):^:'^'-- :
;^-'S^v'wal : .; : n7Pn\h3 v ;'a«iDf ] /Kelly;'* ; • liebesv
wnii; iare;" at "!^the* -'preserit t4r^e>bccupying; .a.
n'tdr© at ;i2Q Kearriy: street-, topk :ten jyea.t
fefisp' bri'; theibuiidiris.Vatv that occur
Vpjcdiby^ the yferii^MpdeV'BsLk.ery -ori.tha
|6w,eT7flpbr~arid^pfllces of .prpfessiqnaT{rij.eri;
; ;bri;;th'e ¦¦uppe'r"..'fl.pp.rsi; T'h/B'.f.ac"^^.?'.^^'^^.!!*^.'
jrij5/was. : tdrn oUt^andyellpw
arid;galv r ahized^^tbrnlces.^^sUbstiiuted./.:! 1^©
I'nterjbr-.was' cprripietely; ¦ T^mpdele^^ -on
hJodern 'llnesVand ;-'Ke4Iy'';.&;;:I4ebe3. : were:
¦¦ t o. ope vfoir the' en^ tlxe. s tructirre. - - '-'*. ' t '.-rf~ie<. ---V.;
".'•Negotiations /were /-bpened .\ by vKoblei: 1 &
;£^^^%%a-^^^Io«t<^£«t'>^?O^ianreI|:'
;-streetV"fpr/.:ther' biiilcfiiig^ and- thei-"' transfer.
' of '"'yii\. ' &• lease:;, resii lted^, ' "jja rii.ei ". Vi "¦ " ; Kelly
',c.o.nfirrn'ed- v i the.. repprt'; thai '.tDpi transfer;
: ic^side'ra'ttonf v.-. •¦recel ve4<;^nd; ; ;'tp: v r. state
.whether, pr' rip.thls;; firm; haidi secured "'ari-,
othor,V'IocaEtfbnw"-.-' G.VQ.' Chaise;" was : "; equally
:r^e tle^n't' . abqut) thje "¦ firija'riblal • end P.f ••'¦the
. > 'd.ie.^t'. : .'H'e'^aid;^:th^t^hls.:'flnn^[consid'^
»th%'-cbrnei? : .':se.cured.-th'e'-be5t;r^taU>'-Ioca'titin-:
•in .thy.cily.^lriasr^ut^^
cent -ftrrhs: 'had-., renewed Uhetr leases^ arid
wer^.^ makiri^^;,. extensive /jmprpvemehts.'
¦KJqhler ¦. &-\" ChaSe wili mpye ' to • i heir : new
locatipri 'priCSepierhper./l.and/tbe'btilJcIing;
¦wilt be. used-; exclusively aa"a-retait 'stbVe.-
• ¦'• ;They : are>npw' ;lpPklng -for • another 'jfoca-;
• tlcn f or their.- wliplesale^department.- Jljielr
lease oji the. iO'Farrell, street .pro'pert3r.;ex-i
p'ires-y;ithln; : seVer> months' ¦arid '{they will
retain ppssesstoti until that. time; .; ;. . r - : ">'"•
V The -sale:. was,~cphsu'rnrha'ted..thtdugh . the
Teal estate; firm of A. /J.\RIch-& Co. •- " : '.. •
The -electric car* will be; runtilns.; between
¦Siaialitb : and' ilill Valley, . within: two. weeks
«nd: to Roi» /Vklley /and San [Rafael : wlthln
four to. six Weeks.. / Takp the SaUsalito ferry
bn : Sunday and note lmproveiiients; . Departs
at 7:00- S:fld: J»:06.1Q:<>0. -llrOO/arid: 11 :30 a, m,.
12:30^ 'i:80. -2:.f5. .::. r .O. r.:CO, 0":<>0. t:3O, 0;OO
and 1 1:45: d/ jt». ¦ ' Trairis . cpnne^t for -. Mi|l. Val r ';
ley;. Mount^^ TamalptiiS.: ftoss and,. S*n /Rafael.-; •.
Sunday Outing
Kelly & Liebes Dispose
of Option on Nsw .
Building.
•Eighteen British subjects^ ; ? two Italians
arid " lone German ; were/denied . a: ianditig
.yesterday -by ./ United .'•' States Tmrnigrant
Cbmrnissibner . North -oh; the ground that
. they had; ; cpm'eV to. this ; - couritry. ,'; sis /'cpn-r
;ira^.-Vlab6r^et8^";Th?y-' I^f?-t^fed/'.;to-.'vthp; int
migrant/inspectors- that 7 /their fare; i had
be'eii. paid; to this: city' from Cumberland
Exterislbrir Nanairrio. ;and L .LadysmHhi ; B- : ,
G.; ibyi-Rpbert -McCiay/aiM thit they, werje
on -the^ wayito; 1 theVBeayer; Hill ; cqal; rrilhe
atiCbosf Bay; ta; wbrk/as; miners. /Upon
this, showing they;; were;'": refused' -adrnlsf;
sion-. to this -country and will be de'ported'
tp^Brltlsh^Cpiuntbiav:/ '¦] }' : X "¦¦ >; : "v'^v:S : /v- : ;- ;
Alleged /Contract Laborers Barred;
TRANSFER LEASE
FOR LARGE SUM
• Jcvhn : .R:Haakei former . superintendent
of'jthfe 1 German Hospital, 1 who was: re
t>pfte<i ioEtin the mountains near Ukiah,
vw-as Jfijuhd yesterday by a searchirig part y
.Bcrit: «ut ;.f rom that" place. Word to that
,ff)ffecit/;wa3 . received : yesterday by Freder
¦te)t'v;Raschen;of; 1214 Laguna street. . .; : . ¦ '
•' vHiaie; who. was with a party of friends
.^Tueisday -t or ¦ a ; walk .; into the mountainb.
fiifle'd [ to return; to camp after
.tTfo^days' vabscricfi: searching parties were
iiferit •put. -b.bth trpjjj that place arid Santa
-.Ro'sa..; to'- hvrit for him.- - That - they were
;«ue#es*;fM . was- the word received here
Ve^tcVflav^ •'¦¦,•//'¦;!;¦ '.;; ; .'.v ¦;. / ;.: ; . ;¦:.' -,v//:
-¦^R^scheri ha.s .received no particulars ; of
th<fe Vseif^h ".-or :inf OTmation where Haake
.wa\s : JbdndiV--^:''-."-':; \/ • : ¦- ./-' ;' ;• "¦¦'-' ¦:. ¦
Jjost' An the . Iffotmtains, He Wanders
¦ '('. "'¦ 'BeWildered : ." ; Bef ore-i "Discbv- :,/V'.'
> : '. : cred by Friends. :'./:: /¦ .' ;: .
SUES ZINKANO
FOR POKER DEBT
The .news of the death of thp old pio
neer'of the : State will be received with
regret -not albtie by ¦.thousands t of people
of America, ;btit also -by travellers/ from
eyery part of the globe who ha.ve visited
"Second Garrotte/' ; forty milf s distant
from the Ypsemlte Valley. . / . • . . . /
¦•--'. Chaffee led an ideal 11 fei in companion
ship with his partner. /Mr.. Chamberlain,
arid both : witnessed the develQpment of
California beneath the Stars and /Stripes.^
For* fifty-four years- Chaffee.a-nd Cham
berlain lived and 'rijined arid . trusted each
other and n6 shadow ever {clouded their
friendship.; People recognized ithe: senti
ment of humanity In the HveR of thesfe
two men; they saw in them a rare story
of firm and loyal brbtherhbod. j . • :
:¦' Bret - Harte . painted -in • .iricpmparable
mariner his -heroV: Chaff ee,' -Who; regarded
his .'.-" partner Tennessee- •-.-¦ (Chamberlalril
with: a ¦: chivalrous / affectioii ; ; seidpm
known y. between .men ;in tKese days.
They , had . ; been : ; friends. :-. f i^)m ; Jan
uary/ :i.O; : 1849, . ' and'/ :tyhcn j }tt";': : was
fbuhd *. riecessa ry. tb rempve :Gh^free from
fcis partnej.that heTnlght receive; /medical
care /and .. every '. possible. ;atteotlori •' thaLt
human hands could' offer, .'tha' old- .man.
was/. alinp6t .broken • hearted. [He. : knew,
the orily. chance ;he had; for. a prblpngatlbn
.VytAMES H. CHAFFEE. thfe; original
:|| of one of - the . heroes j of Bret
II. H*.rte's story, "Tennessee's Pard-
ner," passed "away yestlerday at
/ the age of SO years at the jEaist Bay
Sanitarium^ Oakland; ; :: ;•¦ ¦'•'.¦¦¦.•' .':• {' •:.:"'• ¦'¦.- '¦: ..-'-. :;
of life was /to accept; the kindly .'--offer of
his generous and good • friend ; Professor
W. : A. Magee of the State University, and.
gc=into the sanitarium; // .-'-. :;/. •.V-'.v;-.." ;; : ; . •'.- .".¦-.
Chaff ee was the first; to cause : the rnln-;
ing men 6t the •State • to. appreciate the
danger of lynch law. It was hje> , who.
pleaded for the life -of a man who was
sentenced to die' at the-, hu rids Of . a •rnob
Of ' wpuid'-be lyn<Jhers. His quiet, gentle,
persuasive 'voice had its; effect, and' .In
compliance with ; Chaffee's. prayer the cul
prit was handed over; to the; authorities,
who legally disposed of the prisoner. Bret
Harte took that orie episode and built:
around it his famous story, .¦'¦'Tennessee's"
Pardner."*. ,¦.':;/' ;// ¦¦'.:¦'¦• '¦, : . : ¦"'.-' ./: "".¦':•-.¦'¦•¦ • ;' ¦¦-¦
'.'-¦ Chfa mb'erlain , whp Is now ¦ in his ei gh.ty
thir.d year' and bereft/of his life's parrtner,
still lives at "Second; Garrotte," the old
and historic mining camp./. '. / ' ¦•'¦¦". ,:/•::¦¦"
.'¦ "I. must return/ to /'Second "Garrotte,*."'
said poor old '.-'.'Chaffec* on . his. last yisft tQ-
San .FranclsCP ten years Ago. . "Yes; I
must return; because - Charnberlalri Is . "*¦
pbpr cook and whatever wnihe^dP wjith- ;
out me? He. will be half so 'I.
mujst go home arid; eppk/for v him. ;He ls, ;
.'Indeed', sUch'a very, poor ' cook. '.' ,'.,-. -^. .-; ¦'-,
/Such were the words and expressed iarixr
iety ; of this. loyal. friend.'.brotheran^ corn-;
panlpn—^-Tennessee's Pardrier." . t ¦> ;/.• '< ..-
VvKf^e/t-ha';^^y-Cj^aff^^wa/t.akeh' v t.o:.lbe
sa;nitariu m at tbe instlgatibn of .Prof esspr
Magee :.he receiyed [the- mPst.terider -care;
'¦'•¦ Dr. ':¦': Relrihiirdt -"^tt.en^ed"^'^'^^-^.^.!^.'/^^^.'
bestdes: many : of,h)s. :iast ; /days.Wer.e -Sp'f.W 1
ened -fey- th.c : yislts" of 'his .bid-fifne f rfend,
Frederick ; :M:v Stocking: / : ;¦;,'¦¦¦ ¦¦' - : :-/.;- - ! V VV. '; >
¦•.'.Gija-ffec was bo^rri at Wprecsterv Mass.. ;/
JOEN" ¦ ,3L H^AKE FOUUTD ,-- *
: ; :. ¦^: : --Hi-'': afteb;i>ays'. • absence'
; /The; .'• rnembers : of : Sffn Frahciscb; ¦ Aer ie
;:!Np^6^pf2the'.F^
gave .their 'first^/ladifesV : nlght
lodgeroorhs at 731'Marft et : strfeel last' even
ing ; and '.the affair was a. great •success.
The i prbgrarnme .was/openved with a piano
selection- President Mulcrey of :the . local
aerie next - delivered ; a'-short .address -pn
"'Eagjedbm!;"-;; Hethen tntrbdu'ce"a,vBroth
er ; ¦.Thomas ; : billon i as; Chairman- of/ the
evening. • Puring the e^ning many actprs ;
and^actresses ¦from the locai theaters' apV
peared and added .¦"¦their^^ talent .tp theyWell
selected programme. . ,_ '•
Eagles "; Entertain Tb.elr > Friends;
ORIGINAL OF ONE .OF; BRET : HASTE'S /FAMOUS HEROES, WHO.
PASSED AWAY YESTERDAY AT fTHE EAST BAY SANITARIUM, V IN
OAKLAND, AGE^ 80 YEARS. • • - " " ' : * " l -
.. Th« ; Lumber.; Company owns
••«i(i? ; .pf the Jarsrest tracts of .sugar .pine
*«tftifai[:^ :^i^.Stite,7^ta^ispy-.'ll» Tuolumne
¦i^ouiitV and connected with ; : the Sierra
•Railway'. Company's line by r thirty miles
of .narrow guage road. ; The company was
.orgaiiizedl by. Prince Poniatowski, George
/t'rockerand. others. Including Will Crbck
~eft-who.- it Is. generally . understood. . finan
ciered', the- undeTtaking. Mills of • ah el
aborate.' character .'w^re built and opera
tions •begun bri a most extravagant man
ner about; tw;o" year^agp... J -^'C ~ ¦:¦/ ¦.'¦:¦ .•:'/•¦;¦¦ ¦
. . JSbm«. time,. ago, ! when the timber land
'bconi .. was -at ; Its height, , JFyederlck I,
\Sayre',. jccneral -agent of ;. the : California
S.jjgar and White Pine Ageno', acting pre
-.e.u'rDably "for Thorse.n arid his associates,
Into negotiations with will Crock
er; f of. '.'thV : sai.e- of his interest in the cbr-r
•posatlbn and the deal was finally effected,
coming: to ; the coast to be present
a.tMtfie cTDnsuminatlon : of the transaction,
: HleSt,- ajready stated, occurred yes
te>day.;-v.Y "-v :'•/:: "yJ:';y ;:¦:;:¦ "\''. : - :^.;- : ?}h\?' •
.•/.Ther.dieai; is i-egarded as an important
one- in- that the. new . owners ire -expected
to-' jna'terially increase the output of the
»illV aid; possibly add to. the capacity of
itb'e/.litten ''Although, the -parties con
'cerned. 1 n the deal. ; includins : General
Mantyrer Adams at] the company and
.Greegs . of the Crocker- Wool*
y--arih • : ,rCationa-l ; Banic.- will not state Just
Vhat -Uj? x»urchase Tsrice Is. It Is estimated
ty tinibef eatperts to be somewhere in the
•nei^hbortobod- of SS.TiOQ.OOO.- . ¦'¦¦'.¦ '¦': ''¦¦'¦¦ ¦. /. ..-•- ..' -
: ,'Av'd.t«J..;Vap .consummated yesterday
whereby \(LheJt<>ntrollihg interest In the
Side' Lumber Company, ; whose prin
c'ipal holdings ar« In Tuolumne County.
¦passed ; ; "frjim ' Will ' H. Crocker, , of the
.Crocker-iSVooli; orth . Bank # to William R.
.Thoriseii; ' ."a - milil.bnVtre:' lurnber /man 1 "of
jkll^aukee,- an'd fieverai . asisbciates. Thbr
fen.niS been .here 'several days, stopping
at the Palace Hotel,' ati4 Immediately af
ter.,the papers in the deal were sighed y«Sw
tierCay ;be started for T.uolumne County
to trispe ct th« ht wly acq uired : proper ty.
'.Neglectris also.; charBedJn the divorce
.corn'plaihtrfile^: by /Bessie V;A; ; Mitchell
atgainst James Mitcheil. r VThey; were . maN
Tied Just a year ago. . May Boone is also
a ' rreKlected; wife, according to her com
plathti> "She alleees . that, ever . sincel her
marriage to Walter^ S.Bopne.at Aiamedav
Ma rch 18; 1902/ she hag had to depend upon
her. own; exertions for her support. .; ¦ . . • ; ;
. Sui ts for divorce were also fll ed : by JPhn
Mjtcnell against Mary, Mitchell for .c'riiieN"
;ty and Helen^ M.;^^ Lincoln^^ against Alonzo
I^ihcblri;. for desertion;// \ : -\ "•¦,. ¦/ '-'•.;: -|- 'A';{'K : .
.¦.VJudg^--Murasky/yesterday v granted".-a-;'dI-,
Vorce bh. the' ¦ ground, pf -'desertion ; tP Au
giiata^ Miller from : Charles Miller. ; : i.'.-'J. ¦/¦
V; Oenevieye i. Schmidt iwantsa.divorcefrom
Carl Schmidt, ". & :silesrrian,: because .he
rieg4ectsvher. ; ./She: 'says/ he : earris-.$20Q .a
month arid .-; she asks the" court; to award
her" haitt/pf'lt.'.They.; were marriedvthree
yiearS' agp;:V\V: • "'¦¦ I': : ¦:¦'¦'¦ : ' :> y-- : -' '¦¦: -y '¦¦ ¦¦¦'¦ '¦•' \.y.'} ..', ;
: "•¦• ;Trlgue. Jphnsoh.:' ,a; ¦ prpspefbus ;'- ..Misslonr.
street produce ; dealer, ;ls, seeking a: dlybrce :
¦f rbm -Erhrha D. Johnson, ph. the grbuiia of ,
cruelty.;:; He -^alleges' thkt-she^has ayhablt
of^^ coming^ into his.; storfe ; yvheh^'sne- is angry
4nd ;venting/hier ; rage .byAhurllng it i him
onions; potatoes, tpmatdes and cabbages.
•In addition^^. tb-the vegetabres,' says Johnr
sbh,; she ; huris at, him in.a. •'yfclbus; wick
'¦= e'd' : and ¦. tumultuous- .!. manner," i'" language
urifLt for reproduction in a ; divorce, com-"
plaint. < Theiy were "married, five years ; ago.
; Max Eflensteln,rwho;Uves;/at^
stre'et;, '."Is i- seeking; a' divorce, from : Beck,ie
Ellenstelii' because, ; he says; : he is. afraid
tb^liye /^th he^a^
that : because : he ;ls;. sickly-" sheo-takes aid- .
varitageypf his . weakness, and.- .deals; with
'hiitf in a' maiiner not- conducive to; happlr
;br ;a illfeVbf , peace./^Se^'cofflpialJns;
;tha't;she has vnpt ( ,o'nly' thrown; hini: out of
;the •house',; -buV has takeri charge of his
business and is running; :it* to suit . herself.
f Henry : C.G.. Swift, :a. letter carrier,; is^
the ¦•defendant in a isuit. for divorce, filed
jses'terday ¦ by Ellen :; Swift.' She charges
him with .cruelty, and. says that, for the
last- 'three' months he has caused her In
tense, suffering by : refuMhg : to .address to
her any thing* but Unpivil words. \ Shp .aisd
6Hegesthat.li;e. has fr'equehtly during-tbeir
.rnar'rlBd; life shkniiefuliy. abused; her.;.; In
•January, 1899/ sbti: says; just: a 'year; after
thefr: marriage, ¦h'el'.'threw q.; fork ;'at .her'.
which .-; struck :her ; hand ;: arid ;v grieyously
woUnded: her. ; They have one child/ :, ; • ;-.
.. The dispute, between' the Nevada, • Call
fprnla an'd O.fegqn- Railway ajid. th6 Boca
and- , Uoyaltari/ v Rallrbad: n'y ?'» was ;
Brought; ' Into the United" States^ Clrcal't
'Cb^t^'yeVt^erday^ahd^JudK^^oi^^^
Biied- an 'order 'coqrman.dlng /'-the Boca; and :
IJoyaiton ' representatives -to &pne£r .be-,
.tore^ljto'^l&lu^ -Septelnbep 7-and sbbw.
cause • -.why. " . a. V permanent ¦ .injunction;
\shpuld.nbt be issued against thern" and en- ¦
Jqlning tHem ;frbm Ugirig- the jlght of- *&¦.
of . tH.r \Nevada, . •Caiifbrntk ' land ; 0reg'on :
;Rfrtlway":.arid 4 from/ln'terjferJrigfc^th~jjtj[^:
property In -any Way. '.¦.¦'.'.:: .-.:,.-/. : '•¦/ '.¦ . •-'
•; The : .CQnipI^lri t upon v-hic.h^ the q"rder was
based sets jfortli. that! the complainants:
¦%.ew:;-Qperattns;/;.|h^
roadjof tbfe' Sierra ; Valleys Railway Cprn-^
pany irom iPlumas Jiinctibn; - Iti.; Laisen
County,- : thrQUgh; iBeckwlth . -Pass into'
'Plutna?'* Coun'ty, "by Wjay.; of. ;Vlntqii ! and
the : town.; pt '. Bec(tWlth to' tlairvilie,. :the
Sierra ;• yaUeytf\'^a.ti.w^.-.GpmpAny^.b^!|ng;'.'
in the surh of The; cornplaint re-"
cltts -furtheV • that ..the^ Boc^ ; alrid Tubyai
tpn Railroad 'Gcirnpany on HAy. 31 • of this
yj^r^empjlpyea;^
guris.v rifles: and »rev<siverS, '-syhp; Entered
viplently .upon thieV r?ght ; of ->wiy ; of- the •=
tprnplairiarit . 'Vln. sectjpn.:25,- township -23
north, : range 14*caisti Mv B. ';. •M,» # .;t,hrefe-»
quartersiof a n^ile east 'of :Bec"kwith town.
an^J "forcibly cut]n two- aiid. tore v up : the;
ranroad .track -aud t)ullt a ; -track across
the: rightVpf ; way* i& :enabl«|ihe.-...aet«n3'^''
to. reach" a '^\yin^l\hQfi]S\oi~ ! BppfsygWj; : :
It -is alleged Kthat^ the: complainant. jthe;re
hy has! be.n ' seriously damaged and tha'f
ihecro'ssyjrack so^buiU;ls:an;;6b^tructtc<n.
and 4 toena'ce. \to : the safety, of ..the; pas r
sengers pri the complainant's trains.; ; ; :
;:. There ie, pendfng In" "the /United : States;
Glrcuit..Cdurt;-u-suit^ by ;the; : defendant
against- the complainant seeking .to jpxer-";
;^^^eltl|tHt\pC-fe|itiinWfc4*rt^j^T^fli?tb ;
eonderrin ¦ a : right. r of '¦ way f (jr : the. spur
track mentitined in the pfe'sent. complaint.
Millionaire ¦ Tliorsen and a,
v 'Nuniber of ¦; Friends^ Now: ;
: ' ; :v: :-^'-,',:Jn ; ;ControI/;v /-"¦¦•'¦¦:¦¦/:
¦Say3..; : 'T]^t.^|6p:vM6tttha'?g^
: gBfaiB^Treated Her With
." *' .- , .. . Incivility. '', * - •"
Judge .Morrow Issues. Order'
• •"• v Rest^ming|i^Fr^m5:| •
.""V*. 1 " Trespassingl" ', "; : : - . '. m
Dii^pbses ' of His Share
- 'invest Side Iiumber
Boca-LoyaitonCoiiipany
¦:•• Must :pesist Froin v
'.?i!3'p^ Interfering. ;¦•; . ' ;• ;
Wife of - ; Mail 5 Carrier
• Sues for DivorceV *: y
• ¦;: for Cruelty. . -' -- -y.
CROCKER SELLS
HIS INTERESTS
RIGHT OF WAY
ROW IN COURT
HERO OF RENOWNED STROY
DIES AT AN ADVANCED AGE
Jairhes X?h^ff^^ Br6t vHartefs ' r Tennessee*s l^arci^
: ner\-' Passes Ayvay After^ ai- Long Uf0 Fuilof
; .Human: Xi^d
CLAIMS SWIFT
IS TOO SURLY
..:.--;-THE::.^N,;;BAKCISCa • • CALfc ATTG DgX 1^ i 1 903,
16
' r ' : :^-^:^rj:^ABYEBTISEifl:ENTS.' ;/ ; ' : :';¦'/
P^|KTtY; REIJEVEi)
And a angle .application of CutU
cura Ointment,- purest of. emollients,
and greatest . of skin cures. For
summer rashes, eczemas, itchi.ngs,
irritations, chafings' and. inflamma- .
tions, forbites, stings -and sunburn,
for lameness and soreness,- heat
ancj perspiration', incidental to out-
door, life., nothing; so soothing,
cooling, healing .and. refreshing for
young or old as a bath with Cuti- J
cura * Soap,- followed .by gentle."
.'anointings with' Cuticura .Ointment,
purest of emollients .and . greatest'
of skin* cures. . '.*.'.'•• .' '
t«M thtMckeol tk« World. Catlmn Bo»p. Me- CHet-
mnx, »c. BMoi*«BV Me. Ob tbta »t a«u:>uC<«M
Ml*, lie. ptr «l*l of «). I>«poMi t*a4oo. T. Cb«l»f-
kovm ta.t tmtii, « B»» «• b Patxi Bo«k,«, 1ST C^smbM -
?««. rittar Dm r * Cb»«. Corp.. Bolt Pr»p»-
tr+taA ta •• H»w U C«» «t«7 Huncmr."
• •'" APVERTISEMENTS^^
; BnHBHBnBfiEHHHHaHDHBailB5BHiM
I MARKS B/?OS. I
' M : CAv'mQ&!&xiei$
¦ " " . -\ - "' ' ¦'" " 'ribbed. .-,.:.'; ;¦'."/ . • " " ; ¦•
¦ Hosiery Bargains > Knit Underwear Bargains ¦
'.5-Vfi&2y' >}:hdic^ : q^/^yy6f^^ Adv^fisfc mfxe^^eeyeiess^all jj
B :• ; . gauze,'whife foot Regii.-. '.• Acolors, all- sizes. Regular M^
J ' fan price 1J9c. \ " ; " price $1.25. "* *
¦; ?& t ¦ : ¦¦ $M&&00!?p?M$& %M&
¦ ¥fi 'f\^ [Hosiery;; r ; ; /-/• '^ price 25c. : - : -':'r '":• ' ' ; V ? >w \ q
;. r; \k^:^f^ti^bed^u^e^ieet ¦*££. Baijifitjgin *':'mu£ -eidefi. ¦;
•¦h ;- /^ 1^/a^^
.5-".;ly y '¦taffefayRibbqriio^ Special ¦2^-:\)Ou^.-S/fk-/'ff0lfs: } pn : ;Sp6c?ql*
; :'B\ '¦- - X .-.' : ; and\ Jinisli;:5: ijnclifi$ wide, 3§C °P- fP-'J^'r.^P9^y^^ n ' S
\)--^R^ In •'.vr^o.'S A wr'tfy pf style* to J
WttM&to: 0ds\df^mc0S/lk 45C • seiecf^irQiiu : jlp ¦sizes. : M
S L$C< Ribbbn:on 'special isale at nc^:Regufdryp^w>48c;:65c f^
¦liCgi^^^*W^ W& Jl.aO allof bur J2100 quality*
m : ; Ldif: : in the; popular shades of -? w. B., Ri&G.. pi* Royal S
;g-'p«# K^eteqson^. Regular prices •-' ¦ ; /; / : " Worcester Corsets., Our ¦
jj :l£ r 'Chiffon .Drape Veils,; 1% /;..:/; and prettily: fashioned*
B ¦/wy''ty^s:/ : fdng^\^'imiMeh9ii; ,-. t ¦ -and yours. -at popular*
¦ -r»eh Jand chiffon borders. Reg- . 'prices. • ' : • a
1'7'Or o°t ° U -n P , CpU l ar : ."l USm • Z3C Corsets. Alt colors; all*
3 LUC : ; fuffs, .Colorsio suit every : .s,^-. Rg g^ ar p rice 5Oc . g
¦ . -.-. i ¦.;. feminine heart; \very nobby . . : :/'¦¦..::::'¦:-¦•.::¦:¦' . 1
b ¦.:_/.; .; ¦¦>; yn<i original.. ¦/• ; j ]¦ Handkerchief [Safe ': g
¦¦¦¦' i i^ 4000 Handkerchiefs on spe- g
g bur sid^
g Lvy, Combs,. AMBER .and tor-. '. ; . ..Made of stately linen. ]¦ Neat g
¦ ' . '-fbise.; Regular 50'c.quality. ; '-./.} hemstitched border.. . v /. ¦
¦ : ¦: .-•¦ /' ; Special .Safe d/ LitjeriyjSilk N^Jluffs^ ". : g
g 75C forpiir $f'i$ value. ..^ :• '¦ $2^40.^ro£/r'^:5d,ra/i/e. : . g
¦ $1, 1$ for our $%.00 valuer )¦ $2.85 \ for out t^4\00\ value. '^L
iSikB3^r^ur^2.50^a/u^ $3.35 'for <}>ur.-$4.50 [yatue. ';¦¦ m
g^S.l»9Cf for ourj&OO valuer.^;: $3.90 for <6ur : $5)j0O : value;, 'g;
S ¦..'¦.•¦/- '\ v -..'' ,' : -$4,60: /o/^ #;>fi.^ : W/tfo^. ; ; -'v ¦':'?:; : '^ • ¦
"H: ¦'.' . Thfeae. Neck Rufts itre rithly riiade of Liberty' Silk dnd are .perfect beauties. Ma'de'-S.
¦H 'very. -full, - 1 Some ends "are. rAiffled^othere "accordion-platted. •¦Fancifully- trimmed wlthO ¦
¦ "juhy ttimmliiK.' Come in white with black ledge. : black .with' white" edae, also black B
I • and -white. ' Trading Ktamps glyeri: with every purchdse. ¦ Send 'for. bur. .-illustrated •• Q
H ; ..catalog. .»/ : ;-.. :,;,¦;, ., . >:¦ .' .-;;. V ¦;.:.:¦/• v -•;: :; •;•,- ;.:..':•/¦">
S Af^PiKC BROS ; 1220-22-24 MARKET STREET B
gvW/1/fiIO pnyO.K .^ Taylor and Jone g
¦ BiaBHHaBHBaBIBBanBB9BHH9HBBBHRSHBEISBaSHaEHgs:
S v N^|pil!^^;':25<i|p|^
: :.:^:-:[;\^--:y' : Firstof;the'N
• . Just- here by expfessv Mentioned first time for to-dayjs ielU '
Ing: . The* very styles ypii'll want for yoiir new ' Fall .hati 1 .^. The.:'
newest, the prettiest we could find. .. \. . . '../.•¦.¦'•¦. ¦/..v..;;
;" . , Gray mixed Tuxedos, plain ' and fancy meshes;- some: bi..-
' them in nialine. effect, some with' chenille dots '. and;^.clustered *\
dots. -Then the blacks and whites and some ¦j^lme;^ffe"cts}
withsoufle and perce dots— swell for. making rosettes,, in^Kitfe,-;
; black, pink, bhie and black and- white .mixed:. *. . . - -.:<¦_ : v •'- :-.: . : X .;
• .At soc yard are some beautiful gray mixed, and • black, and '.white:
mixed, in tuxedo and; spider meshes with, clustered, dots. . .On. :sale'"to*
day first time.- : '¦; ';'¦'•; ..:. ¦ • *'. • y- • ¦ • , o '.- .'•;'• ¦••¦ '''.'¦'¦;¦•¦ '•'.. :' : -:'". :: '
Lisle Gloves j 25c Pr; { Toilet .Helps /M?.
'..New. ' ;.. ¦ ; •. . . -. ; '"; I: " : .' '. . : ;Sbme pjood things .at JoW prices. ¦
., Most popular glbyes of the sea- Hale's to-day.-.- •; . '¦.':¦ :'^J.^: : .
they're so comfortable,; so qooh so. COMPLEXION" OPOWDEB 25c BOX
'easy -to take off and-put. bn." ;• The. —The. '•Jose'pUln'e.."..th^t now; ponder
:^od^rig>ibout ;$f#imw (^^Si^s^^iiim
usual.v tpp:. ¦•;; They, ' fit ;, perfectly.. "BOTTLE— Larger" bottle; : ; too./, "-Jt> a
Gornein ; aii;go6d ; shaaes: -;.v^ • : - ; ' : •^¦ p i£2^ <^^^i^SA^-|^^
-¦, lisle; fancy, lace /hand, plain Iisla fln- .- neyir; -hellotror/e' and -Ciesta carnat ipn^ ; :
; srers : black /only;, sizes ;5% to; 7%r 2Sc iJitESSING- '""COMB ":5«^rliarso> ; one;
•r.pair;.:',:':y-, : y, ¦::;,. .;%-.-:_- : : -'./'\:./-r=y-: -good.- strong black ruhber.: -..:>•.. : :v>^'^
At ; 25c 'PaJr^TVbr-clasp. . plain -lisle) MIBUQB $i : :6Q^Trlplicat;^j5n.e;« plate
-gloves; in^black^ only;: sizes 5^ 'glass with- Tnetai -I>oun4 .Iramd; slzft of,
• "co'Sii; ¦*•! >:v. :^ ¦',';•: 'l.'V' : -; v ; Vl''- =;r:'-V'. " ; ;glass. 6x8 Inches.- • £'i'±"&~: -V*...v; ¦:'¦. '*•*;.!* '
At 50c Pair^rAllrbver: netigloves. Vtwo^: CAJSTILE^SOAP-; l;5c-rFor largo^bar;,
; clisp, .^th faiicy lape design on hand;; "^Sl Vi ; Li' :^
v/rnod^tan^gray^blackrsizes 5% to 7./ T°O™ Sf^SH^lSc^^un. -,of
rAt ;50cfPair^Mlian e se lisle gloves; W^^T^T^'^^SeS 'leZi S
¦ ihia>vr- AViiv- ««•»»» Kit » n <i>' ¦•¦¦' . - - ' - ¦ .HANO Bau SB - SOc— 5eyen.;rpws -or
. .. black .only ,a^ to S^. .-.. .. ¦¦.:: . - -,v -bristles; ytptth.23isi.tfop hardwood baDck,
Girl's Dress, 39c 75c Sale Hats • !
: .Regular 50c dressv',\.:- ...'-¦.-¦•• '¦'X-\;:.y ".-':¦,»"¦ ¦•^••-¦¦ii C 'V'V»j?V"^; i V-">"" ; V-"-. : i":.J r^ ••:".'. ? " r:
wS^ndifefe^i^
'I' VPf^tahdardr^ercaleV: yoke ? with^ ; .Stra^glers- : behind;:the/
insertion: and: \^it^'b>aid;;fi^^
¦sk'irt^-^Pihk-^id^Wue^^itfi- whtte^r^^
¦•to-v*£^
w»th;;/:.Flat/
=/jaiior>;cpiiar ipf :.wWte';;i»iqn(B'Sdil.ea'.:.witli : ;"a'nd-"'.'tn.m'med-;i&"-.the.. :: j>re^'estXwaysv'"
/; ?elf .material. ;:f.anV^';brald:^rlrn^
CTSTo-day. eShIeld:Plnk ' blUe ' eXWOOd; Second floor. . ]" / > \
At 81.35^-Girrs dress, worth J1.5Q, TT" T Jni£ &/
v-ch;ec)c.;;gin6haniiv.blpus6;vfro'^ 'jar JSWT" '"' ; -'"' '*%'¦¦&>
cuffs, belt and collar plain material to. '^_l ¦' :^aff: ' ' ¦ ¦ • ¦
/mitpli,;: trimmed :;Vi'th- r '- ; ihaiertion'"".--an"d ~73g7~ fi /ff/ ,*&*%& /b/a : /tt®b^<^S2
lace;, •bishop/: sleeves/ and/; full'; skirt.' ¦ -.' '/Mr J&/ Jr^*^*^ ?£&.vBB^j*f!ipS9
: trimm"ed >' witih', . wriite : braid •¦¦.'. pink; red - Jg ,_ 1 .",' _.". '^^. ,•.¦-— .
'"""^f'""'" -r--^;'*-;" : i : "~'^" 'T^"^ : .:''; '';'".' j^»cww»->r ---v ¦¦-¦-¦¦•¦¦.'
.i-.-'->S : --.- ; '' ': ''ADViS3B;TISiaiCBtn!'8. ••'.•.' .'¦.¦, ¦;'.'
'.. BnnnanHnnaaannnnnnnDaii
TOpM^giJ^I'
8 .-¦ HATS ;..".¦¦; S
= ':' Are' ri««9>;. aqld. in 'ati*clc/..' : ije;?er- '«hop-'- ¦ 3
g worn. : They're tnade.ai i •: th«y*x« -sold :"¦¦'.
D theyrre always: new. and' trWsh.v Wvb. B
H: .th« largest > variety;. Oaf 'style*. : ever '¦
¦ B ' sho ' ni 'n In/both derbies and soft bats at' S
¦ *.<jvs.: popular, prloea,; -¦'- •': /..- ~ ' ¦..-. ' -¦ j : .. H
¦ >; Black. hats "that'll rievtri fade «x» our n
m ; ap«cialtjr:.: : :,;' .=";.- ":••, ; \--. : .'¦. ; . •/•.;¦'. •' -. > ."' S
H ':v;s«a::.Uj*t yoUr/nest-.hAt t» >''n«w. K
¦S-'VLundatxiom."- •¦.••¦.•¦;¦¦••..-:•.,.,. -:-• ¦ ¦.
S HAT WORKSS
¦ : ."Thi ; Big Hit < Shop "TVltii ths Big ¦ :
¦ : ;"v.': ¦-/:• "1-; f> : :. stocir.f*v:;v s.. :¦¦'¦.. .-• ¦
¦/¦¦. •¦:¦¦ ?.-5y-'-V^ivf7j,i <¦¦ ¦¦;¦: ¦¦¦.:-;•. S.
"¦:>. •^; r ;;;il^:IVla|-|cctvSt*.'.;'.vv -r u
* '•¦¦'' ''-;'"'.• '^ v . . ¦
¦ ¦; -Also COS KearnyaU •.,•" .. • . •¦ • -. - B
v'Frfesii- Bu'tteri . pi0r sqiiaref.;, ;• .". . ; ,iiZi , ; . ". 35 q"
.Be.stVButte-r/ ; per; 's^tiaxiii^".:^'.^.-.^.'.^©^/
¦ "yvin^pw ¦¦.?c!reena.i : :^-.'.;;.v.;Vr»':*^;. 1 ,''i''.;ioc'
¦-'. {:'¦ :'-.,': ;.'..-•,; \'": rKeg.- 20c; '.--,'.' -: .- :¦¦- " • ». ../
Baked Beans, lfirge- tins; .£ isms:-; ..".LC?»r»
'--•¦•;,"-.•¦ ••:'•.- .-;;=Regv"2 for 25c;- .-.":.?.:- '^"^
Pineapples, "fancy kllcedv3 4e4n>.';iy.. 4 25c
-Illre's'. RP.ot Beer rEJe.tract. : 3 bbjtl«SSi. : .25c
¦R; ; jiVJie^^cf^QN£
. Phone-, FQlsbm; ? 236. '•• . -' '" :rl56 " Nlntn':'s'tr»«t.'
.;• ; .-."-¦••' . . . •*••/; . '"••¦• ' •-• - •.*..-.. ••
¦'" *J i^-^' Is' interested apd should JtnmJ ' ,
j£*5~?^§*v , '' • about- the wonderful.
¦ IIARVCL- .5PRAY " •
IXVi^^vSMxi " •fi&'TSa.fest— Most Con.
\4^Ct;^CiS^L°' " «nieat;-*ItCl<tasei
j :-^^^^^-f ',. , a^?*.-
'MARVEL, accept »o* .• " ' f&V»3^T
other, but »end lampfcrlllui.- • .\\. # %pl^
tTatedbook— aoaled. It ztyesjan Vh. f *¦<£
particnUn «nrt diiwttprrinT«!u«bJ« **/»* M
.toUdie" MAnVFIi.CC. — J^J&fflWiW
Room 203. Times Bdg.. l*v* Torlc >
PEffiRupture
*t££G& Dr.Pierce'§ Electric T*~ss
ScZZ/ria * Marr.l. NothLn? liks
0r^ ft. Beat IUtaln sron •arth
and a> fjajwirtW Curt for Rapture.
World- renowned. 27impro»«njts.
If raptured Investlsito at once,
on or write tor "Boostn Ho. 1. "
MAGNETIC E.fRUSS CO. 33 West 24th Strtat. Vrw
Yo«.V. Y. or 206 Post Street. San Francisco. CaJ.
. *•* \wi»*TWM^-fa & L pP is TTgH
: , .CUTLERsf
EVER^ELAD£.mRRANTH)
SANTA CLARA COLLEGE
The next seaaon begrlna Aueust 4, 1903.
¦ ROBERT O. KENNA. 3. J.. Prosldeatl
- *^4£Nat German Eye Water, a harmless
remedy. 50c; by mall. 62c CAU-
TION — The genuina bears sizna-
ture of Geo. Mayerle. also trads-
. • mark— eye with a crown. OEO
MATERLE, German Expert Optician. 1(«»
Market, San Francisco. Cai. Paone SouU» JT%