CHEMIST FINDS EVIDENCE OF POISON
IN THE BODY OF LATE COLONEL BEST
AND DECLARES THAT HE WAS MURDERED
mystery, of the disappearance of certain organs from the body of IV. J. Best, the New York capitalist, zi'ho died under sus-
M. picious circumstances on April 6 while under the care of "Doctor" John D. Woods and his reputed sister at their home in San
Rafael, was cleared yesterday by the admission of W. G. Ward, who embalmed the body. He says that he removed the organs
during the process of embalming and consigned them to a sewer. The Marin County officials are confident of convicting Woods
and his alleged sister of grand larceny when they are appreiiended, and hope that confinement may break them down and cause them
to confess to the murder, which the officials feel positive was committed.
Important Evidence
Beyond Reach
of Police.
Missing "Dr." Woods
Now Sought in
Many Cities*
Marin Official Says
He Disposed of
Organs.
Continued on ; Page 2, Column ? 6.
Deadlock in Hawaiian Legislature.
HONOLULU. July 9.— The present ses
sion of the Legislature, called to pass the
appropriation bills, will end on Saturday
nicht unless extended by Governor Dole,
an event which is not unlikely. The two
bouses are at a deadlock, * being ' unable
to agree regarding the proposed issuance
of a public loan for $2,500,000 and in regard
to the amount to be fixed for salaries of
cert&la officials.
AMERICANS CONTROL
TIN, MINES.' IN MEXICO
Will DeveltiJ the Properties, and
. Establish a Plant in . the
City of Mexico.
AUSTIN. Tex.. . July 9.— An American
syndicate has secured control of the out
put tin ore in Mexico and will establish
a tin plate plant In the City of Mexico
at a cost of WOO.000. ! ._-;
The active promoters of the " syndicate
In Mexico are C. H. Donaldson and J. H.
Laugblin.' Donaldson is now on his way
to New York on business connected with
tbe enterprise. He says that the owners
of more than three-fou/ths of the produc
ing tin mines in Mexico have Joined the
syndicate and that practically all of the
tin' mines in Mexico will be placed under
Its control. There are many tin mines i n
Mexico, but ud to this time^onty- a -few
of them have, been developed on an ex
tensive scale. . . .
UEW YORK CENTRAL STOCK
SHOWS EXTREME WEAKNESS
Further Decline in Company's Bonds
Gives Rise to Many Highly
Improbable Rumors.
NEW YORK. July S.— The extreme
weakness to-fiay of New York Central
'stock, tcge-tber with a further decline In
the company's SV4 per cent bonds, gave
rise to all sorts of rumors, some of them
highly improbable. In the financial dis
trict. From a semi-official source it was
learned that within the next three months
the Central directors will recommend an
ksue of new stock to pay for proposed
terznin&J improvements in this city. It
iu not unlikely that a holding company
xx,ay be organized to carry out these
plans.
PILGRIM CLUB LUNCHEON.
American Naval Officers Are the
Guests of 'Honor.
" LONDON, July 9.— At the Pilgrims'.Club
luncheon to the visiting American officers
to-day Vice Admiral Lord Charles Beres
ford read the following message from the
Prince of Wales:
1 very much regret that an engagement will
prevent me from being present Please assure
tha American naval officers how sorry, I am
that I am unable to have the pleasure of
meeting them on this occasion.
At the center table Lord Beresford pre
sided. On his right was seated Rear Ad
miral Cotton and on his left Captain
Lambton. naval ald-de-camp to King Ed
ward.
Embassador Choate, Senator Gorman.
Senator Depew, General Lord Grenfell,
the Archdeacon of London; Dr. Sinclair
and Admiral Sir John , Dalrymple sat at
the same table. The American, officers
present were the same as those who at
tended the state ball. Among, the other
guests v?ere Captain Charles H. Stock
ton, the United. States naval attache;
Consul General Evans, Admiral Sir Henry
Stepbenson., Admiral Lord Charles Scott.
Rear Admiral ' Sir Charles Russell, Sir
Berkeley Milne, commodore" of the royal
yachts; Lord George Hamilton, Arthur
Lee , M. P-: Perry Belmont, George T.
Wilson of New* York, Hamilton McCor
nilck of Chicago and Louis Hay of Mich
igan. — . ..
VThe : scene was picturesque and novel.
All the. American and a number of the
British officers were, In uniform.* , i
In : proposing the toast to iThe King,"
AMERICAN SHIPPING
WILL BE PROTECTED
Navy Department Orders . the Ban
croft to Release the. Vessels
Held on the Orinoco.
WASHINGTON, July 9.— The Navy De
partment, at the Instance of the State
Department, has taken steps' to prevent
further Interference with American ship
ping hi the Orinoco, by either the Govern
ment or the rebel forces.
This action was taken upon the advice
of Mr. Russell. United -States charge at
Caracas, dated on the 6th inst.. to the
effect that the Government forces had
detained two ships belonging to the Orin
oco Steam Navigation Company, at San
Ferdlno. and that the Insurgents had de
tained and were likely, to , destroy three
other ships belonging to the same com
pany at Ciudad Bolivar. Orders were
cabled yesterday to the United States
ship Bancroft, at" Port of Spain, to pro
ceed at once up the Orinoco and release
the detained vessels. No resistance is
anticipated.
MARINj COUNTY; OFFICIALS WHO ARE PROMINENT IN THE INVES
-TIGATION.BEING MADE TO DETERMINE FACTS IN THE SUP
POSED MURDER OF COLONEL BEST. AN EASTERN CAPITALIST.
William G. Ward, the undertaker em
ployed by Coroner Sawyer In his estao
lishment. who embalmed Best's body af
ter his death, made a full statement ti.is
evening regarding his connection with the
case, and it fully exonerates Sawyer and
Woods from any blame la the matter ot
the removal of the stomach and intea
tines from the body after death.
"Whatever organs are missing from tha
body of- Colonel Best." he said. "w«r« re
moved by me personally and I am ready
to shoulder,, the entire re3yor,sibility for
their removal and disposition. Neither
Dr. Sawyer nor Woods bad anything to
do with this phase of the case.
"What organs'. I removed in the co'jrsa
of the embalming I do 'not recollect ex-
Woods the prosecuting officials say they
can prove beyond a doubt, and they have
also ample evidence ready to show that
the physical condition of the late capi
talist waa persistently misrepresented by
Woods and his reputed sister.
One witness was found by Detective
Frank H. Depue to-day who is willing to
testify that between April 1 and April ».
when Woods represented to others, in
cluding the dead man's son, that Colonel
Best was in a comatose condition in his
bed, he waa in reality sitting up anJ
chatting cheerfully with Woods and ih-*
woman who lived with him a* his si3ter
Mrs. Hairstringer, who occupies a cot
tage adjoining the big red house where
Woods lived and entertained many prom
inent people of San Rafael, is nosltiva
that she saw Colonel Best in the gar«len
walking around after April 1 and up to
within 'a few days of his death. TSese
were about the only new developments to
day in the way of gathering information.
VICTORIA. B. C. July 9.— The steamer
Miowera, which arrived this morn:r.g.
brought details cf many chipping disas
ters which occurred off the Australian
coast and in the South Seas as a result
cf tremendous gales which raged during
June. Brief facts have been cabled of
the loss cf the German bark Edith; with
Captain Ertell and eleven men. en route
from Puget Sound to Port Pirie. with
lumber, and of the dismasting of the Ger
man bark C. H. Waljen. both of which
vessels were Icr.g overdue.
The Edith struck a reef oii New Cale
donia and her crew left in two boats, one
with Captain Ertell and eleven m$tt and
the ether with Mate Kruger and eight
men. The captains beat was not *een
fafter they left the vessel. It was pro
visioned for fourteen days. The ether
boat was at sea for eight days and the
shipwrecked men suffered great prH-a
tions.
On the eighth day they eighted the C.
H. Watjen. from New Tork to Yokoha
ma, with a cargo of 100,000 cates of kero-
Bense. The vessel had been caught in a
furious typhoon, which rendered her a".
r-.ost a complete wreck. Twenty thousand
cases cf kerosene had been jettisoned la
order to relieve her.
SEAMEN BEACH SHORE.
Fcr another seventy-six days the Wat
j<?n partly drifted and partly called, with
the assistance of jury masts, finally land
ing et Vale Island, off the coast of New
Ouinee, wtence the ECIth's crew wer«
taken to Australia, while the Watjen's
pecple rensair.ed with their vessel, hoping
to get her to Australia for repairs. The
Edith broke in halves after striking the
reef.
The Norwegian bark Loftus ran on a
reef in the Fiji group and was a total
loss. The crew were saved.
The American schooner Resolute, from
Grays Harbor for Sydney, •with lumber,
had a most narrow escape, she being but
two cable lengths from the rocks when
her ar.chors held after dragging during
the hurricane.
The bark Norrna, lying at Newcastle
ready to load coal for San Francisco, also
cragged during the gales and had a close
call from leaving her bones oa-the oyBter
banks off Newcastle.
The steam collier Illaroot went ashore
on the Australian coast and was wrecked.
The crew was saved.
The French bark Admiral Ceeille. which
¦was damacc-d on a reef c New aCle
dcr.ia and was cast adrift by the steamer
St. Louis, which ran short of fuel after
towing her 1000 miles, was found in a
enabled condition eighty miles off Sydney
and towed to that oort-
VESSELS IN GALES.
The German bark Moana, from Buenos
Ayres for Sydney, with wheat, was on
her beam ends for sixteen hours during
the gale, and the West Lothian, from
Tacocna for Sydney, with wheat and
f.our, lost many sails and was severely
damaged about her decks, the heavy seas
sweeping everything movable from her.
The American bark Abbey Palmer was
lor.g overdue from Sydney for Newcastle
and It was feared she had been lost, but
the was tighled all well after the gales.
The Castor, from Portland, Or., also
suffered, her decks being continually
f. coded.
The James Drummond, from Falrhaven.
had fair bowsprit carried away and was'
otherwise damaged as a result of being
buffeted by the storms.
The schooner Elliston of Sydney waa
driven ashore and the wrec— overturned,
but all hands managed to escape.
A Quantity of wreckage from the
Swedish bark Trcpic was found and it
vas feared she had beta lost, but she
ultlmauly reached port damaged, but
safe.
LONDON, July 9.— Informally welcom
ing the American naval officers to Eng
land to-night, King Edward made an em
phatic declaration in favor of closer re
lations between the United States and
England. The King did not speak of an
alliance, or even an understanding, but
the impression was clear from his re
marks that he desired that the two na
tions move together In the interests of
the peace of the world: Some of- the
King's Ministers also impressed upon the
American officers their cordial approval
of the Monroe doctrine and their desire
that it be supported by' American influ
ence in a way which would place it above
all criticism.
The royal welcome was extended to the
American officers at Buckingham Palace,
where at 8:30 o'clock commenced the din
ner given in their honor by Kins, Ed
ward. The table was decorated with
Marechal Neil roses and gold plate
brought from Windsor was used. The
King commanded the most distinguished
officials of the empire to attend and, thir
ty-six 'guests were present.
GUESTS AT KING'S TABLE.
On the King's right sat Embassador
Choate and on his left Rear Admiral Cot
ton. Among the others present were the
Prince of Wales; Catftain Hemphill. U.
S. S. Kearsarge; Captain Walker. U. S.
S. 8an Francisco; Captain Cornwall, U.
S. S. Chicago; Commander McCre-a, U. S.
S. Machias; Flag Lieutenant Hussey,
Prince Louis of Battenberg, Colonial Sec
retary Chamberlain. a Premier Balfour,
First Lord of the Admiralty the Earl of
Selborne. Foreign Secretary Lansdowne,
Admiral -Lord Sir Arnold Forster, Rear
Admiral Hay; Sir Michael. Herbert, Brit
ish Embassador at Washington; Henry
White, ' secretary of the United States
legation; Lord Charles Beresford, Ad
miral Sir E. : H. Seymour, Sir Berkeley
Milne, Admiral Sir E. R. Fremantle.
Admiral Sir C F. Hotham, Admiral Sir
Henry Stephenson, Captain Lambton, the
Earl of Howe, Lord Farquhar, Sir
George Clarke, Governor of Victoria, Aus
tralia, and Sir Charles Cust.
The King was dressed in th,e uniform
of an admiral of the British fleet.
KING TOASTS PRESIDENT.
On the conclusion of the dinner the
King in a tactful speech expressed grat
ification at the acceptance of his Invita
tion and cordially welcomed Rear Ad
miral Cotton' and his* squadron to Eng
land. He asserted that what he said rep
resented the sentiment not only of him
self but of the whole, British people and
he proposed a toast to President. Roose
velt, for whom, the King said, he "en
tertained the highest consideration and
admiration."
Embassador Choate responded and in
an eloquent epeefch echoed the wish of
the King for - the maintenance and pro
motion of more cordial relations between
the two great English-speaking nations.
The King further emphasized his grat
ification by' writing at the table a mes
sage to President Roosevelt, in which he
stated that It had given him the greatest
pleasure to welcome the American squad
ron. King Edward's cordiality made a
great Impression on the American officers,
who left the function convinced of the
desire on the part of Great Britain to
maintain the closest relations with the
American republic.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, July 9.— In order
! that there may be an even more thor
ough prosecution of persons who are vio
lating the laws of the United States by
the peonage system In Alabama. Attor
ney General Knox has appointed Julius
Sterafelt special counsel to Assistant
i'nlted States District Attorney Reese at
Montgomery, Ala.
The extent to which this system of hold-
Ing men In servitude for debt has been
practiced in Southern States Is shown by
the facts that two weeks ago nearly 100
Indictments/had been found; that since
then several scores of Indictments have
' been found and additional cases prepared,
and that the number of offenses which
will be prosecuted before the hand of
justice will be stayed in Alabama alone
may reach nearly 1000.
The same system prevails in Florida,
Georgia, South Carolina, Louisiana, Miss
issippi and Texas. It is the policy of the
Department of Justice to have these of
fenders prosecuted with the utmost
vigor, in order to stamp out the abuse.
For the most part the persons guilty are
well-to-do planters, contractors or man
ufacturers. In league with whom, in al
most every instance, are local ' or State
authorities.
Constables, Justices of Peace, Mayors,
and County Judges are in the conspiracy.
They work with men who are on, the
lookout for unfortunate negroes who ere
in debt or who may have been fined, a
trifling amount in order to get their
service for almost nothing and bold them
in actual slavery, surrounded by armed
guards. • • -
The department is much interested In
the outcome of the appeal which has
been taken in the first conviction in
these cases. The case in question Is that
of S. N. Clyatt of Florida. Clyatt. was a
producer of naval stores. He held in
servitude a number of negroes who owed
trifling debts. Tlfe negroes escaped and
Clyatt's armed guards pursued and ar
rested them, dragging them back to
slavery, just as runaway slaves were ap
prehended before the war. This case was
tried in the Northern District of Florida,
at Tallahassee, and, on two convictions,
Clyatt was sentenced to four years in a
Federal prison. His appeal has been ar
gued before the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals at New Orleans and
the decision Is expected any .day.
Influence has been .exerted In vain to
induce the Department of Justice to cease
its efforts to break up this un-American
system." It is said, here that the very
best sentiment in South • is enlisted
on the side of the Department of Jus
tice and Democrats- and Republicans
alike are giving the department encour
agement in its efforts.
Judge Jones, before whom the cases In
Alabama are being tried, is a Democrat.
His language in sentencing prisoners who
have been convicted is very severe.
German Bark Edith Breaks
in Halves on Recks Near
New Caledonia. -
Department of Justice Ap
points Special Counsel
to Assist.
Emphatic Declaration at a
Dinner to Yankee
Naval Officers.
Skipper and Eleven
Men. Lost jn the
South Seas.
Hopes to See England
and America Keep
World's Peace; *
Hundreds of Offenders
in South to Be;
Prosecuted.
System of Peonage
Revives Days
of Slavery.
Great Storms Send
Vessels Upon
Reefs.
Edward Asks for
This Nation's
Goodwill.
SHIPS RIDE
TO DISASTER
IN TEMPESTS
THOUSANDS
OF NEGROES
IN BONDAGE
ANGLO-SAXON
UNITY KING'S
FIRST WISH
Continued on Page 2, Column 1.
Continued on Page : 2, Column ' 2.
m tEW YORK, July 9.— Despite the
f\/ revelations of the autopsy, on the
Ji T body of Colonel William Best, no
steps have been taken by the New
Jersey authorities, so far as can be as
certained, to find Dr. John Woods and his
wife. Warrants for the arrest ' of the
doctor and his wife on a charge of grand
larceny are now In the hands of : a de
tective . en ' route East.
It was thought -Woods might -return to
the home of : his mother,'' as he did once
before when; be was In 'difficulty.* With
her husband and ! her, elder son .she , lives
in "Union . Hill. N. ''¦'' J..' Her ' husband , Is a
laborer and heir | son- Is ; a helper ... in a
butcher store. .Whenithe son was 'seen to
night he said: ¦'¦ •
•;';\Vo have not • the slightest idea j where
John and his wife are. We have not seen
him in ; nearly^ three ; years, and . when he
came he .was in trouble. We* regard Tilm
as the b|ack sheep of the family."
It ha« been i learned ithat Miss • Shope,
whose name] was attached to ; one^'-of
Woods' ? receipted' 1 Uls,' was : a'? nurse ' in
Steelton, Pa,, when "Woods . was ; a phy
sician | to^ the employes of ' the' Steel ton
Iron ' Company. . She was hired by him
to nurse his -, wife while. she was. 111. ;
-.When, .about a year ago. Woods and
his wife "were starting for California they
tried ,to ;. persuade Miss , Shope . to accom
pany I them, but ¦ her friends , prevailed .' on
her not to . co. ;: This ? is taken as proof
that sha /was not' lnCSan with
them,' and therefore the receipt arid her
name signed to it Is probably a forgery. ,
, The sons of Best say , ; that Judging- by
the information which; has reached ¦ them
'their' father had; learned , the real charac
ter of Woods and. had done or said some
thing which had 'offended him."
../•When.MissjHIckmott was in this city,"
said \ Alfred . Best. - "she told me -she was
in Woods' office on the day .myffather ar
rived in San* Rafael. " He ,werit ; to Woods'
house by ': invitation,^having been a; guest
there on\,two previous occasions. ' Mj 3s
SAf* RA.FAEL.July 9.— All mys
tery regarding the disposal of
the stomach and. other organs
of the late William J. Best,
whose peculiar death here and
the subsequent developments
surrounding it have . aroused widespread
interest, . was cleared to-day by the ad
mission of William G. Ward, the under
taker who embalmed the body, that he
removed the organs and disposed of them.
He says they, were consigned to a sewer.
They. have before now been resolved Into
their original elements by the waters of
the bay. ? ) ': • ¦*¦¦
The officials, both here and In the East,
who are prosecuting the case 'believe
firmly that the dead man fell a victim to
the : deadly potions administered to him
by • "Woods under the guise of medical
treatment, but the loss of all the organs
which : could show the presence of poison
in the system' prevents the primary fact
being established that a murder was com
mitted,' " and consequently precludes the
prosecution of ' any one ; for ' a crime that
cannot be established.^.,' ...
This state of affairs is extremely disap
pointing to District Attorney Boyd and
the other officials who have been engaged
In ; ferreting .out the . alleged crime. Since
the advices • received , from the Eastern
physicians who performed. an autopsy on
Colonel' Beat's , remains they have become
convinced -that his death was due to foul
means, -'and * believe. _' that^ Woods was re
sponsible for their employment. The fact
that he did not die* from apoplexy, as was
stated ;in i the' ; death certificate signed ; by
Woods iand Dr. Jones,' was a clincher to
the suspicions they had already enter
• That - the dead' man was robbed by
AvEW YORK, July 9.— The Press says: Dr. Herbert
f B. Baldwin, chemist of the Newark. Board of Health,
said to-day as a result, of 'the preliminary chemical test
• which he had made of one piece of intestine -found ad
hering to the body of Colonel Best' that he had found traces of a
powerful irritant poison. .Dr. Baldwin. said: ,.:'...:
"In my opinion the discovery of ; this poison 'offers sufficient
grounds upon which to base a charge of • murder ; by poisoning.
All evidence I have deduced so far from the absence i of i the or
gans, which would most likely show traces of poisoning, and the
substitution of sawdust, shows • clearly ., that Best was : killed by
some poison injected into the vital organs.
"District Attorney Chandler Pelser of Newark tells me there
is no reason why Essex County should assume, the expense of in
vestigating this crime, which was committed another' State. ; I
may be empowered to make an ; examination or the two remaining
organs may be sent in sealed jars to the; authorities in' California,
where an analysis may be made by the city or county chemists."
Special' Dispatch to The Call.
Startling Discovery Made at the Autopsy
on the Remains of the Capitalist.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO- FRIDAY, JULY 10, 1903.
VOLUME XCIV— NO. 40.ATHENS. July 3.— M. ilalli is experiencing
furious difficulty in. the- work u. -ormlng- a
Cabinet. The - newspapers Insist * that the only
solution of the difficulty lies in the dissolution
of the Chamber.* '
More about aome crooked walking delegate!
In the Wasp to-fiay. #
Quick Work at Rescue.
Provided one can keep afloat a few
minutes, and provided, furthermore, that
somebody gives an 'alarm, to fall over
board in midocean does not necessarily
mean that one must drown. While a Ger
man liner was going at express speed the
other day a crazed coal passer Jumped
from the midship rail. Some one saw him,
an alarm was raised instantly, the great
vessel swung on her keel and a' boat's
crew got away, and in eight . minutes
from the time the poor fellow jumped he
was in the lifeboat. There need be no ex
perimenting to test tHe efficiency of the
arrangements for rescue, but since acjcl
dents do happen It Is comforting to know
that such system and discipline are the
rule of the Atlantic ferry.— Exchange.
TACOMA, Wash July ».— The population
of Taroira. according to advance sheets of
rolk'« directory, is 62,642, a sain cf 7177 since
I9C2-
fi="rf=3 HE celebration of the fifty-sev-
I enth anniversary of the raising of
1 the American flag in California
**• was observed yesterday morning
In Portsmouth square. * ¦
The exercises were under the auspices
of the Associated Veterans of the Mexi
can War of 1846-8, and the Sloat Monu
ment Association. These had the co-op
eration of the Veteran Exempt Fire Com
pany and the gallant United- States bat
tery of Light Artillery, the latter taking
part by order of Major General MacAr
thur, commanding the Department of
California.
A little after 9. o'clock the Interesting
proceedings were begun by Major Edwin
A. Sherman, a veteran of the Mexican
War, wearing his s«venty-four years-with
all the air and vigor of youth, introduc
ing Colonel Joseph StewarCU. S. A., a
retired president of the day. The gallant
colonel, though born In the long ago year
of 1822, stood amid his comrades, erect
as a youth, showing little of the nard ser
vice he had during a part of the-sixty
four years he had served his flag and
country.
Colonel Stewart came of age when serv
ing as a lieutenant of the United States
artillery at Fort Adams, R. I., on the
day when the lamented President Mc-
Klnley was born.
ASSEMBLAGE CHEERS.
The exercises were formally begun by
the colonel addressing the large" assem
blage in a few soldierly words, and then
the excellent band sent specially from the
Naval Training School at Yerba Buena
Island by Captain Bowman H. McCalla,
U. S. N., under the direction of Band
master J. P. Stanton, played, the "Navy
Forever," and ' the assemblage cheered
and cheered until the echoes resounded In
very quarter of ; the neighborhood.."
The exercises were continued by the reci
ting of a short prayer, which was fol
lowed .by the rendering of the national
hymn, "America.* finely sung by Alfred
Wilkie, accompanied by the naval band
and Joined by the hundreds of voices of
those who had gathered to assist . In ; the
celebration.
Then came the duty of reading the proc
lamation of Commodore John Drake
Sloat, which. In • the absence in Lon
don df J. B. Whittemore, the late commo
dore's great-grandson, was ably deliver
ed by S. W. Boring.
The orders of Commodore Sloat,, the ad
dress and proclamation of Captain John
B. Montgomery, together with reports of
his lieutenants in connection with the rais
ing of the American flag at San Fran
cisco, Sonoma and other points, were re
cited by Major Sherman/
ANTI-CHINESE SPEECH.
While delivering an historical ; account
of the United States, Major Sherman,
prompted by . • the sight i of - hundreds of
curious and interested : Mongolians on
roofs and at windows looking down upon
the veterans, paraphrased ; Tennyson's
"Charge of the Light Brigade," uttering
the following: / ¦. c . ;
Chinese to left of ui,
Chinese to right of us.
Hall with Blind Justice In front of us—
Some one has blundered. , *
The paraphrase was but the prelude tb
a scathing denunciation- of the tolerance
of the Americans, -as the major put tit,
in allowing the Chinese to remain in, the
country.
," He regretted to^see the heathens come
into America's' inheritance and In "the
name of the veterans; he. demanded^their
exclusion and return to their native coun
try. "jfBff|li|fflilt|l^^ ¦¦-
The • major then returned ¦ to -the. inter-
est- which the celebration -had' awakened
In so many citizens, and in the name
of; the association of which he is a mem
ber he thanked the Exempt Fire Company
for the admirable arrangements it had
made ' for the observance of the day.
Alfred Wilkie gave* a- fine and impres
sive rendering of the patriotic song, "The
Sword of Bunker Hill," which was com
plimented with cheers.' The band then
struck up "Hail v Columbia," to. which and
to : the roaring' accompaniment of ¦ a na
tional salute of twenty-one*guns'by the
United States battery of light artillery,
under command of Captain J. L. Hayden,
the Stars and Stripes were hoisted to the
top of the high- flag pole 'overlooking the
square by Comrade Isaac M. Baker, U.
-S. marine corps, retired, and Comrade W.
J. Hudson, acting for the Exempt Fire
Company.
AGED BATTLE HEROES.
.The .veterans then formed in, line and
marched for a little distance with the
battery of artillery and the day's pro
ceedings were left ,to be thought and
talked over by the citizens who had tak
en part in them. - •
Among those veterans of the
war who were present were Major Sher
man and Colonel Stewart and Orderly
Sergeant S. W. Boring, late of the* First
Illinois Cavalry. Sergeant Boring was
born in 1824 and fought under General
Zachariah Taylor, who was familiarly
known as "Old Rough and Ready," a
title earned because of the general's tact
and efficiency in fighting the Indians.
Boring was also in the Mormon war of
1844. -iF>\\
Major John L. Bromley, In his eighty
third year, and who fought under Gen
eral Winfleld Scott at the taking of the
City of. Mexico and all the preceding bat
tles, came upon the scene of celebration
with ¦ the alertness that would be ex
pected of a youth of 20.
' Lieutenant W.'L. Duncan, another vet
eran of the Fourth Illinois Regiment, was
present, and In bearing showed not a
sign of advanced years.
Seated around the speakers were F.
Schaupp, Colonel George Thistleton, Sid
ney- J. Loop, W. C. Rugh, Thomas E.
Ketcham, W. C. Burnett, Henry
Schwartz, Lawrence Sellinger. H. W.
Kurlnaum, Ferdinand Moyer, J. Bannis
ter, G. C. Dean and Dennis Harrigan.
The Exempt Fire Company was repre
sented by:
,'¦ President, '' II. - D. Hudson: vice-president,' J.
J. Mahoney; secretary. J. J. Quilfoyle; James
Grady, James O'Donnell. William > Alvord
Plncus Harris. Francis Richards, P. H. Flem
ing. Charles Reed, Henry Wheeler, D. H. Finn
K. Valencia, S. 8. Conn, John H.HIme, Charles
McFarland, J. J. Mundhyler.Adam Smith, God
frey Fixher and Mrs. Andrew Jessup, the only
lady who has ever received the honorary mem
bership of the Exempt Fire Company. .-; '.
LUNCHEONS AFTERWARD.
Others present were Hall B. Rand, 77
years of age. who . told of his grandsire,
Sergeant William Rand, who fought with
the New Hampshire militia at Bunker
Hill, at Saratoga' and Bernington; 8: W.
Levy,^treasurer of the Sloat Monument
Association, and Lewis Amiss Spitzer.
Noticeable among the ladies were Mrs.
Thistleton, Miss Alice Stewart, Mrs. E.
A. Sherman, Mrs. J. B. Whittemore and
little Miss Lange. granddaughter of, the
late Sergeant ' Charles Lange. veteran 1 of
the Mexican War. - Miss Lange . carried a
beautiful basketful of . boutonnieres.
which she graciously distributed ' among
the veterans and the members of the Ex
empt* Fire Company. ;
.'• ] Major, Sherman entertained several ; of
the veterans , and ; ladies : at luncheon 'at
the California Hotel later in the day .and
General -WarfieldMnvited the naval -band
to luncheon there. • ':'¦¦-.
SCENES IN PORTSMOUTH SQUARE 'YESTERDAY AT THE 'CELEBRA
TION OF THE FIFTY-SEVENTH ANNIVERSARY OF THE .RAISING
OF THE AMERICAN FLAG IN CALIFORNIA.
Takes Refuge in Hospital.
Detectives Fitzgerald and Graham
yesterday located Adolph - Bruhnes.
charged with burglary, in the City and
County Hospital, where he. has been for
two' months. He is charged .with steal
ing two revolvers and several articles of
clothing from the room of Gustave
Schres, an attache of the public pound.
The crime was committed in May an'd
the criminal was In the hospital all the
time the detectives were looking for
him. He will be removed to the City
Prison as soon as • he is strong enough
to go. ¦ , '
Brooks Is Missing From Home.
John Joseph Brooksf who resided with
his mother at 361 Geary street, has been
missing from home since Wednesday
morning. His mother reported the. dis
appearance to the police and the Coroner
last night. Brooks is 24 years old.
MAYOR ASKS TEACHERS
TO CONVENE IN CITY
Sends Telegrams to . Boston, Where
meeting Is in Progress, and Ex
tends Cordial Invitation.
Mayor Schmitz yesterday sent a tele
gram to the president, of the National
Educational Association now convening in'
Boston, extending a cordial invitation to
the association to hold Its next year's
session in San Francisco. He assured the
teachers that everything would be done
by the citizens of this city to render their
visit a pleasant one. - ¦ .---¦
The Mayor also wired President Ben
jamin Ide Wheeler of the State Univer
sity, who is attending the convention,
asking him to do all In his power to se
cure the convention for San Francisco.
ATLANTA. Ga.. July 3.— With an at
tendance estimated at five thousand and
delegates representing almost every sec
tion- of the United States and Canada, the
thirteenth annual convention of the In
ternational Baptist Young People's Union
was called to order In this city to-day
for a four days' session by President
John C. Chapman of Chicago. The open
ing session was preceded by a praise ser
vice, which was led by a grand chorus of
six hundred voices. The delegates to the
convention were welcomed ty Governor
J. M. Terrell, in behalf of tha State:
Mayor E. P. Howell. In behalf of Atlanfa.
and former Governor W. J. Northen, in
behalf of Georgia B. Y. P. U. Emery "W.
Hunt, president of the Dennlson Univer
sity, Granville, Ohio, responded to the ad
dress of welcome in behalf of the board
of managers of the International Union.
PRAISE SERVICE PRECEDES
OPENING) OP CONVENTION
International Baptist Young People's
Union Meets in- Annual Ses
sion at Atlanta.
Edward Yarrow and Clifford Melhurn
were convicted of burglary by a Jury In
Judge Lawlor'a department of the Supe
rior Court last night. The two
men entered a lodging-house at 210
Montgomery avenue on the morning of
April 4 and stole a watch and chain and
some money. Yarrow has been convicted
of various offenses and is well known to
the police. Melburn is an opium fiend of
the Barbary Coast. . ~ . ;
Convicted of Burglary.
SOME $145,000,000
WORTH OF EGGS
Amount of Business Which Is Done
by Our Hens Each
Year.
George Fayette Thompson of the Agri
cultural Department has written a trea
tise uyon the modern hen which contains
information of interest. In the first place
Mr. Thompson declares that the average
get-rlch-qulck concern stands in about
the same relation to an up-to-date hen
as does an ice wagon to an automobile.
As a rapid accumulator of financial re
sources the hen is in the same class as
oil wells and gold mines. The thoroughly
modern hen no longer wastes her time
hatching eggs. She leaves that work en
tirely to the incubator, while she devotes
jthe time thus gained to the more profita
ble labor of producing eggs. "
Consequently, Professor Thompson has
discovered that there is a proportionately
smaller number of fowls, but by the
adoption of labor and time savins: ma
chines the lesser number has been able to
produce a constantly Increasing output
of eggs.. The treatise contains so much
interesting information about the hen and
her product that Secretary^ Wilson has
determined to incorporate it, in' the forth
coming yearbook of the Department of
Agriculture. !
Professor Thompson, who is also a sta
tistician of reputation, has discovered
that In the city of New York* each family
of five persons consumes on an average,
four eggs a day. In Chicago, if it is ac
cepted that the city has reached a pop
ulation of 2.009,000, the ratio of egg con
suming is higher and every person In the
city manages to consume one whole egg
each day in the year.
The production of poultry and eggs is
the most profitable of all industries. Mr,
Thompson estimates that a thoroughly
modernized hen can realize 400 per cent
profit for her owner. In thirty-three
States and Territories the value of eggs
exceeds the value of the poultry product.
The egg product in the United States
amounts to more, when measured by dol
lars and cents, than the combined gold
and silver production. This does not take
the poultry into consideration at all.
' The value of the combined poultry and
egg product would be nearly double that
of the precious metals. The value of the
Industry Is just Fix times that of the wool
product. Still, eggs have taken only an
inconspicuous place in tariff debates. Pro
tectionists and tariff reformers are in a
perpetual row over wool, but the hen
makes no clamor for protection from Con
gress. Neither has there been any protest
against the introduction of machinery.
Prices did not fall with the. introduction
of the incubator. Instead, the poultry
raisers of the country devoted themselves
to the. education of the hen. so that she
would lay eggs during the time the old
fashioned fowl spent In sitting and tend
ing to her brood of chickens.
The grand total value of the annual out
put of eggs Is now 5145,000,000, while that
of poultry aggregates ' $139,090,000. Iowa
leads the States in the production of eggs,
the yearly product of that State being
100.000.000 dozen. Ohio comes next with
81.000,000 dozen. Illinois Is third with 86,
000.000 dozen, and Missouri fourth with 85,
000,000 dozen.- With tne exception of
Alaska and Hawaii, Montana pays the
highest price for eggs, the average price
being 20 cents a dozen. They are cheap
est in Texas, where the average price last
year was T& cents a dozen. The average
price for the 16,000,000.000 egg^which were
marketed in the United States last year
was 11.13 cents a dozen.
Professor Thompson resorts to the rail
way illustration as a means of impressing
upon the mind .the enormous proportions
of the egg Industry. The annual outp'ut
fills 43,127,272 crates holding thirty dozens
each. An -ordinary refrigerator car, which
has an average length of 42.5 feet, holds
409 crates. He maintains that a train' of
these cars sufficient to carry the annual
product would be SG6 miles long, or long
enough to reach from "Washington to Chi
cago and have several miles, to spare.
In closing. Professor Thompson says:
"The majority of the fowls of this coun
try are found in comparatively small
numbers on a very large number of farms,
where they gather their own subsistence
and receive practically no care. The con
sequence of this is that eggs are produced
at little cost. The development of this
industry to an extent incredibly , larger
than it is at the present time Is among
the easy possibilities."— Chicago News.
MAKE READY TO SELL
'ASSETS OF EPFINGEBS
Grain Will Be Auctioned and Sheep
and Cattle Disposed Of for Ben
efit of . Creditors.
The assets of the Eppingers will soon
be in the market. An order has been
granted for the sale of 3000 sheep In So
lano County. An order will be asked for
in the Superior Court in behalf of Re
ceiver Wadsworth for the sale at auction
of ail the grain now In the warehouses at
Crockett. There are large herds of cattle
belonging to the firm of Eppfoger & Co.
Judge Murasky .yesterday granted the
Pacific Coast Warehouse Company ten
days in which to file an answer to the
petition of the creditors to have the com
pany declared insolvent.
• This afternoon at 2 o'clock the Grand
Jury will meet, and it Is supposed that
the consideration of the testimony taken
concerning Jacob Eppinger, Herman Ep
pinger, and Bernhard Ettllnger will be
concluded and that the jurors will reach
a decision concerning the bringing in of
indictments. ¦— :
Going to Yosemite.
Hundreds of people who will visit Cali
fornia during the G. A. R. Encampment
are already booked for the Yosemite.
They will visit the valley during August,
and the same rush is anticipated as early
in June. A whole month now intervenes
before the Eastern hosts reach the coast,
and now is the time for San Franciscans
to take advantage of the lull in travel
to make this wonderful trip. The Santa
Fe Merced route i* via two groves of
Big Trees. Full information at 641 Mar
ket street, Santa Fe office. •':
NEOBOES ARE WABNED
TO UEAVE TEXAS TOWN
Wounding of a Bailroad Brakeman
Is likely to Besult in a Seri
ous Outbreak.
SOUR LAKE, Tex., July 9— Word
reached Sour Lake this morning that a
brakeman on the Southern Pacific, Bud
Thompson, had been shot and fatally
wounded by a negro at Nome Junction.
Thompson's condition- is reported critical.
The indignation was great at 8our Lake
when this news was made public and in
a few minutes notices were posted in
twenty-five or thirty conspicuous places
about town. They read:
"Nigger, don't let the sun go down on
you In Sour Lake to-night."
Many negroes hastily left the city.
More than fifty left for Houston and
Beaumont. The exodus continued to>-night
and many walked out of town.
A restaurant which employs negroes la
being guarded by armed men to-nlghx.
The situation is grave.
To-night two camps of negroes w«*
raided by a mob of white men- The
negroes fled precipitately. About 100 shots
werejlred. It Is not known whether aoiy
of tft negroes were killed or -wounded,
as the shooting was In the darkness.
More Work for NortlL
United States Immigrant Commission
er Hart H. North yesterday received a
letter from Frank P. Sarcent, Commis
sioner General of Immigration, notifying
him that his jurisdiction in Chinese ex
clusion matters extends over the State
of California. Heretofore Chinese immi
grants were received at the ports of San
DIego t Los Angeles and Monterey by Chi
nese inspectors and the cases were pass
ed upon by the Customs Collector of the
district.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
SAN BERNARDINO, July_ [ 9.— Mystery
continues to thicken with regard . to. Mrs.
Lena Schneider, the mysterious woman
who committed suicide at the" 'county hos
pital yesterday by taking opium. The
inquest was held last. evening andithough
nothing certain was brought, to light ai
to her husband, several of. ..the "hospital
attendants testified that -she. had stated
to them on several occasions- that he.wai
an inmate of the Napa Insane' asylum:
Who she is and from where she came,
even why she came- to this place,- is
shrouded in deepest mystery. When she
applied for admittance at the Institution
about a; year ago she .was dressed well
anTl had considerable Jewelry. All \.hef
wardrobe, and this Jewelry she had dia :
tributed among the inmates before she
took the fatal dose and it was the spirit
of unselfishness that won for her the un
usual good will of all about the institu
tion. Since her first entrance into the
hospltaPshe had been absent at Intervals;
but "never would talk of her visits away
nor give the least Inkling about her rela
tives. •
;, Five months ago she returned for the
last time and since then has had periods
when she would threaten suicide. Once
she stated that when she was ready to die
she knew where she could get something
that, would cause a speedy and painless
death, and at another time she referred
to the" matter as though it were a per
son who would supply the deadly • poison.
Only a few days ago she stated that she
would soon call at. the depot for some
thing which she would take and die, and
though the popular opinion Is that she
got the deadly drug in town, yet her re
mark would tend to indicate that the
poison came through the express. Mon
day night she aroused the, head nurse and
informed her that the hour had arrived.
"I am not going to live; take these
rings, for if anything happens to me, they
are yours, and I don't want you to try
and pull me through. I want to die," she
said.
Nothing was thought of her remark,
and not until next morning was it really
known that she had actually taken a
drug. Dr. Meyer was then summoned,
and, though he knew instantly the nature
of the poison from" its effects, yet she
would not reveal what she had, taken.
He succeeded in rallying her several
times, but when she was thought to be
recovering she suddenly collapsed and
died, and it has been suggested that pos
sibly she managed to get the bottle of
opium.
From- occasional remarks she made
while dying it is almost certain that she
had an object in concealing her identity.
She was possessed of more than ordinary
refinement, was • well educated, and,
though well along in years and an in
valid, yet there was still about her that
which suggested -past beauty. She was
buried in the city cemetery to-day,
dressed in a costly silk dress which was
found in her wardrobe at the hospital.
' Special Di«p*tch to The Call.
CONSTANTINOPLE, July 9.— The la
test advices received here tvm Bulga
ria state that that country is mobiliz
ing its reserves. . • km.
An extraordinary council was new
yesterday at Yildiz Kiosk to consider
the news, but nothing has been divulged
as to what action was taken- It is un
derstood, however, that the Porte will
demand explanations from Bulgaria.
The report caused a temporary panic
in the Bourse on Wednesaay. but prices
recovered In the afternoon.
Remains of Mrs. Schneider
Are Buried at San
Bernardino.
Porte Will Demand an Ex
planation From ftie Sofia
Government.
actly. but I should think that the stom
ach and intestines were among thorn. I
disposed of them by throwing them in th«
cewer.
"My only object In removing these or
gans and disposing of them in th« manner
2 did was hotter to conserve the body.
Tha remains were to be shipped n long
distance and I deemed It necessary In or
der that they might present a proper ap
pearance to the relatives In the Kes: to
remove these organs from the body. My
sole motive in doing so was that zny pro
fessional Judgment as an erabalmer dic
tated this course. I refilled that cavity
with sawdust in order that the contour
of the body might be preserved."
Asked If it was usual to remove the
Etomach and Intestines of bodies that
were being embalmed he said that it de
pended largely on the state of the body.
Its corpulence or thinness and other col
lateral reasons which differed In each in
dividual case.
NO AUTOPSY PERFORMED
"After I had opened the body." he con
tinued, "before 1 had removed any of the
organs, I telephoned to Dr. Jones, whose
name was signed to the death certificate,
asking him if ho wished to perform an
eutnjisy. Ho replied that none was neces
sary and I then went ahead with the em
l«alirins. According to the statement of
Woods. Best died on April 6. His.rela
tives were notified and on April 9 a tele
pram was received from William Best at
Seattle authorizing the embalming of the
remains. They were removed to the un
dertaking establishment on that date am!
remained there until the arrival of Wil
liam Best from Seattle the day fol
lowing, when they were taken back to
Woods* residence. The day following they
were brought back to the undertaking es
tablishment and then placed on the train
en route to the East. I paw nothing
about the body that suggested death by
any other than natural causes." -
Dr. Jones, who signed the certificate
that Best came to his death from apo
plexy, is much disturbed over his connec
tion with the case. He bears a. high rep
utation in San Rafael and his friends are
extremely sorry for the unpleasant no
toriety that had been thrust upon him
?n the matter. He claims that he only
visited Best in a perfunctory manner on
two occasions and at neither time did he
make an extensive diagnosis of his con
dition. He thought he was suffering from
come derangement of the etomach, and
had every confidence that Woods was
treating his patient properly. He said
that Woods' intimate connection with the
faculty of the San Anselmo Theological
institute and leading members of San
Rafael society dispelled every suspicion
that he was other than he represented
himself to be and when he signed the
death certificate he did so believing
firmly that the facts therein were
true.
District Attorney Thomas Boyd is bend-
Ing every energy for the apprehension of
A\ oods and his alleged sister la order that
they may be returned to San Rafael. So
far the only f6rmal complaint against
them is that of grand larceny. When
they are caught and brought within the
Jurisdiction cf the Marin County courts
other charges may be preferred.
"I have chosen to proceed en the grand
larceny charges," said Boyd. "because we
•re reasonably certain to convict them
en that count. As regards the murder,
personally I am satisfied that Woods
made away with Colonel Best by means
cf poison and was aided and abetted In
the crime by his alleged sister. This be.
lief is strengthened to absolute convic
tion by the advices from the East that
Colonel Best did not die from apoplexy.
However, it is an entirely different mat
ter to prove this to a Jury and I do not
care to rush blindly into such a serious
undertaking and then make a failure of
it. I will be satisfied for the time if I
can secure their persons here in Marin
County- on the grand larceny complaints.
Once here I have hopes of fastening the
greater crime upon them."
On what these hopes were based he
would not disclose, but it is thought that
the officials rely upon one or both of the
accused persons breaking down.
DESCRIPTIONS BROADCAST.
To-night District Attorney Boyd re
ceived a telegram, from the Chief of Po
lice of Philadelphia asking for a full
description of the fugitives and the fol
lowing was sent to the heads of the po
lice departments in all of the large cities
of the East:
"Woods is about 40 years of age, but
looks younger. He is smooth-shaved,
has a eharp, narrow face, dark hair and
blue eyet; he is five feet eight inches
in height and very elender in build; is
a fine conversationalist and a gentleman
in dress and appearance. The woman has
little hair and false upper teeth filled
*ith sold. She is five feet three inches
In height and has a hooked nose. She
will pretend to be insulted If approached
by an officer. The child has gray eyes,
brown hair and round features; she is
6 years old and attractive."
A roll of kodak films was found to-day
In the house formerly tenanted by Woods
and the woman who passed as his sis
ter. The films were discovered by the
present occupant of the house and turn
ed over to District Attorney Boyd. who
had prints taken from them. They proved
of no value in the present case.
Detective Depue spent most of the day
searching for the missing organs of the
remains. He made a thorough .examina
tion of the basement and yard of the
house where Woods lived, but failed to
find am indication that anything had
been buried there. An abandoned well
in the rear of Sawyer's undertaking
place was also examined without result.
After Ward's return from Oakland," where
he had gone to conduct a funeral, and
the issuance of his statement regarding
the disposition of the micsing organs, all
further inquiry along that line was aban
doned.
Mobilizing Reserves for
a Clash With the
Turk.
Hickmott told me that at that time her
parents were opposed to her marriage, to
Woods and had urged her to Join them In
a long trip out of the city. She was tell
ing this to Woods In my father's pres
ence and she told me that as she ended
my father said to her he would advise
her to take the trip with her parents by
all mean.".
"This may have displeased Woods, who
was wo'rkJns; every end to make the girl
his ¦wife, and he may have suspected, too,
that my father had made some discover
ies about him that were not to his credit.
As his whole future depended on his mar
riage to Miss Hlckmott. whose father Is
wealthy, it may be he decided to run no
chances of having his real character re
vealed. This raay have been the motive,
if a crime was committed by him."
By request of Inspector McClusky. the
Best brothers gave a full description of
Woods and his wife, whom they had seen
at Atlantic City. A general alarm was
sent out to-night by Inspector McClusky
for the arrest of Woods and the woman.
Boom of Guns, Crash of Music ; and Cheers of Peo
ple Fill Air in Commemoration of Time When
. Stars and Stripes First Floated Be§ide Pacific
Lord 'Beresford said it was particularly
easy to do so, owing to recent event f* in
which the King had been a messenger of
peace and good will toward all nations.
The Interest of the whole world favored
peace. . He believed the day was coming
when King Edward would be called "the
Peacemaker/' The toast was drunk with
enthusiasm and then Lord Beresford
toasted /'President Roosevelt." and. ask
ing why the President .was liked In Eng
land, he said:
We Ilka the man. w« like the strong, gen
erous man. what I may call the real human
man. The President -will do Ms level best
to bring tha .two great English-speaking na
tions together in harmonious combine, which
is the same -Idea King Edward had on the
occasion of his visit to tha President of
France. : If President j Roosevelt were, to come
hero. I believe the enthustasm wouM be far
greater than In the case of any reception ever
extended to any visitor from any country.
In proposing -the American navy Lord
Beresford eaid that whenever t"here was
anything disagreeable abroad Great Bri
tain*, and America generally drifted to
gether. If these two nations got together
to maintain their common interests in
commerce it. would make .peace for the
world.
"Neither Great Britain, nor America
wanted an alliance." said the speaker,add
ing: "We want an understanding. . Both
Great Britain and America are increasing
their, fleets, but that is no more a threat
to other, nations than Increasing, the po
lice'of their cities in order to maintain
order." !
Admiral Cotton, in replying 1 , testified to
the-" warm feeling existing between the
two nations and their navies and recalled
instances where British and Americans
ha~d nerved together. lie -thanked the
King and the people of. Great Britain for
the welcome given to the Americans and
proposed the health of Lord Beresford
amid- great enthusiasm. .
After the luncheon Embassador Choate
held a reception at his house in honor of
the American officers. ¦ .'
Hospital Officials Puz
zled Over Woman's
\ ¦¦ - - . .- ~ ' . - ¦ ¦ • -
? , Suicide.
Continued From Page 1, Column 7.
Continued From Pag« 1, Column 5.
Continued From Page 1, Column 3.
MYSTERY VEILS
HER IDENTITY
BULGARIA MAKES
READY FOR WAR
PATRIOTIC CITIZENS CELEBRATE
ANNIVERSARY OF FLAG RAISING
DESCRIPTIONS
OF FUGITIVES
ARE BROADCAST
SON OF DEAD
MAN SUGGESTS
CRIME MOTIVE
ANGLO-SAXON
UNITY KING'S
FIRST WISH
THE SAN FRAK CISCO CALL, FRIDAY. JULY IO, : 1903.
2
_ - i
Chas. Keilus & Co.
E x c 1 u s i v e
Hfgh-Grade Clothiers
NO BRANCH STORES.
NO AGENTS.
The Fall Models
Priestly 's Cravenettes
Are Now in Ready
Showing New Fabrics
Rough and Smooth Cloths
Patterns Entirely New
The Prices Are jCorrect
K e arny Sir c e t
Thurl o w B 1 ock
'_¦___. ADVERTISEMENTS^ £_
j|f NOT MADE BYA TRUST — NO SCHEMES OR PRIZES— Cjgf
WNO FORTUNES TO BE MADE— JUST QUALITY AND TRUE MERIT \
f EVERY KING VIS AN HONEST EXCHANGEams/ a . lineman in the employ, of the Pa
cific Electric" Light and Power Company,
grasped -a while at work, "on
Pasadena*" 4 - avenue/, and .'was instantly
killed.; Adams ; was 24 years 'of ! age and
had'been'rijarried but two months.
LOS ANGELES, July 9.— Charles Ad-
Grasns Wire and Is
JAMESTOWN, N. Y.,- July g.-The.Wild
mere Hotel at l-akewood; which .was dam
aged by, fire • yesterday, was completely,
destroyed early .. to-day. The fire, is sup
posed to, have been* of .incendiary. origin.
The financial loss is , about $80,000." The
Wildmere-Hoterwas the oldest on'Ch'au
tauaua Lake. JWKl>W<sa
Incendiary. Fire Destroys a Hotel.
TUUARE, July 9.— Jack Jeffords, the
cattle thief of the Porterville country,
has been captured after having eluded
the officers for eight months. Sheriff Col
lins has made a tireless search for the
fugitive, and it was through information
furnished . by him that Sheriff Mansfield
of San Mateo landed Jeffords behind tfee
Lars. He has confessed.
Fugitive Cattle Thief Caught.
SANTA ROSA. July 9.— The continued
absence of Hubert. Luce,, and .- Robert
Mitchell .'of this, city, tho boys who de
parted from Barlow's ranch, near Sebas
topol, last Friday morning, to fight the
mountain fire -at Camp Mi eker and Monte
l.io, is causing great worry, to their, pa
rents. On Tuesday word was received.by
the. parents that the boys were safe- at
Dillon's Beach, bui ' on , Investigation this
proved incorrect." L"; • .
Specl&l Dispatch to The Call,
SACRAMENTO. July 9.-Of the eleven
trustees of the /Veterans 1 Home at.Yount
ville,' Napa County, the terms of- six ex
pired" June 30. : and this afternoon Gov
ernor . Pardee reappointed* five', of the old
trustees and*bne newone.". The five trus
tees who were honored by, reappointment
were* General .< F.\ M.-' Backus,- . Charles ; H.'
Blinn, '"¦ Hugh ;M/ Burke," Solomon ; Cahen
and John C. Currier,' all of San Francisco. •
In addition i to these ; the Governor ' ap-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
When a Japanese made an insulting re
mark about a Cholo, who grasped: the
interpretation of the Japanese lingo, the.
Jisrht commenced. Sides were quickly
SAN" BERNARDINO. July 9.— A pitched
battle between about 150 Japanese and
Cholos, equally divided took place near
.Victorville this morning. The men were
engaged In laying new steel. for the Santa
Fe between Victorville and Barstow. and
until yesterday worked side by side with
out friction.
Special D;* patch to The Call,
Governor
Men Who Rendered
Good Service. =.
Laborers on a Desert
Engage In a Savage
Combat.
Parents and Officers Can
Find No Traceyof
Sonoma Lads.
VETERANS' HOME
TRUSTEES NAMED
CHOLOS BATTLE
WITH JAPANESE
Arthur S. Luce, secretary of the So
noma County Board of Trade, departed
this morning for the coast, and he will
make a thorough search of that vicinity
from Dillon's Beach northward in an ef
fort to learn the whereabouts of the
missing boys." Nobody can be found who
has seen or heard from them since tneir
departure.
Luce Is 13 and Mitchell 16 years of age.
It is believed they may have become lost
in the hills about Camp Meeker, or possi
bly may have been ovorcomje by the
dense smoke from the forest flre. The
boys were engaged in picking berries
near Sebastopol when they noticed the
fire and started out to assist in extin
guishing it.
Deputy Sheriff Boyd of Bodega and
other, officers who have been searching
for. the boys have reported that they can
find no trace of them.
Strohl has been commander of the
Grand Army post at Napa and a director
of. the Veterans' . Home. Senator Corlett,
Assemblyman King and former Congress
man Coombs of ; Napa ; had called ; on : the
Governor to speak ; f or • Strohl" a ; selection
in behalf of the people of the county.
; All of the "appointees of the Governor
are Grand Army men. The Governor has
been pleased with '-¦ the record of those
whom -he appointed to-be trustees of the
home, and all would have been named to
succeed ; themselves had not the people i of
Napa County ' claimed ' recognition in - the
management of the institution for one of
their fellow citizens. ,
pointed George W. Strohl of Napa County
a trustee to succeed P. S. Eastman of
Berkeley. The only reason why. Mr. East
man was not reappolnted with the others
was i that the Governor desired to accede
to the ¦; request of the people of Napa
County that a trustee- be appointed who
was a. resident, of that county,/1n which
the home is located. ' ' /
The. Japanese were finally driven back
across the river, their leader protesting
and remaining to the front amidst a
shower of stones until the last. After
the Japanese had been driven far back
from the railroad a Japanese water -boy
appeared on the brow of the bluff. He
was ignorant of the trouble and he was
at once made the target for the boulders.'
He dropped .his bucket and fled, running
far up into the hills with a band of Cholos
hard on his trail.
Late this afternoon the section fore
men were endeavoring to patch- up a
truce between the warring nations of the
desert, but there is still an ugly feeling
running through the ranks and a riot may
start at .any time.
formed, and the battle lines were drawn.
The most natural ammunition at hand
consisted of well seasoned boulders of the
Mojave River bottom and many a head
was cracked in the melee.
BOYS DISAPPEAR
AT FOREST FIRE
. VALLEJO. July ?.— The popularity of
Admiral Miller and his family was shown
In the presentation of elegant souvenirs
prior to the departure of the admiral to
li^s r,f» f assignment at San Francisco.
I^a^t evening the officers of the station
irave a reception and ance. at which Mrs."
F- B. Zahrn presented Mrs. Miller. In the
name of thp lafiies of the yard, with a
handsome silver bowl.
* CEDAR RAPIDS. Iowa.' July 9. — Ea«ern
Io«-a » a* visited t>r a clou£bar*t last night.
A portion of the town of Wyoming was In
undated and many of the inhabitants were
driven rr^m th»!r homes.
Friends Honor Admiral's Wife
Annual Conclave of Pi Delta Kappa
Begins Auspiciously at the
Seashore.
SANTA CRUZ.' July 3.— The annual con
clave of Pi Delta Kappa, the high school
fraternity, has begun in this city. The
delegates have been given a royal wel
come by the members of Delta, the local
chapter.-
The cessions are bring held in the Delta
quarters. The . delegates are a splendid
looking body of young men. They rep
rr&r.t the chapters in the high schools of
Michigan. Washington. Oregon and Cali
fornia.
DELEGATES REPRESENT
. HIGH SCHOOLS OF STATES
Youngster Discharges a Weapon
Which He Thought Was Not
MLT.PHYS. July 9.— About 10 o'clock
this forenoon a fatal accident occurred at
the house of Jose Navas. which resulted
Si the death of his son. George Navas. 6
years of age. - George and his half-broth
er. Joe Rebago. aged 10 years, were in
the hebit of playing with a double-bar
reled shotgun, which was left unloaded
in the house. Yesterday morning a. coyote
killed «)me of the chickens, and Mrs.
Na\ : £s loaded the gun and set it back in
the room, to be ready for the animal
Fhould it come again.
\ The boys went into the room this morn
ir.g and Jo*>. not knowing the gun was
Iraded. cocked U and playfully aimed it
«t George's head and pulled the trigger.
The charge blew off the whole top of the
boy'm bead? causing instant death.
CHILD KILLS RELATIVE
IN PLAY WITH A GUN
DENVER. July 9.— The twer.ty-first an
nual meeting of the Society of Christian
Endeavor opened to-day. The attendance
at the opening session, though taxing the
capacity of the immense tent which had
been provided for the occasion, did not
include as marry delegates as had been
expected on account of delayed trains.
It 'is impossible to give a reasonable esti
mate of the number now in the city, but
ft will run into the thousands.
¦ -The opening of the convention was pre
•ccded by the ar.r.ual business meeting of
'the Christian Endeavor corporation, at
which the efficers of the ensuing year
were elected ar.d reports of officers sub
mitted.
The eld cheers were re-elected, as fol-
Pre*id*r.t — Re*. Fr«nci» E. Clark. D. D.
Tht retiring trustees were also re-«lect
?sd ar.d presidents were named for the va
- S:ate, Territorial and provincial so
Rev, Ira Lanfirith of Nashville. Tenn.,
: lied for the South: Rev. J. Alex
ander of Neu'DOTt. N. H.. for the East;
IUv. Hush K. Walker. D. D.. of Los
'Angeles, for the West: Rev. Ernest W.
• fihurtUfl •: M:nneai>olis. for the North;
|>er. W. F. Wilson, D. D.. of Hamilton,
• Qh:n*. for C::r..ida: Rev. II. F. Horsfleld.
{ O ' r . Rev. Willis R. Hotchkiss,
" for Africa ir.rf C. Ogawa. for Japan.
The sessina closed with a preparation
service led by Rev. J. T. Carson, D. D.,
cf Brooklyn. N. V.
Illinois ar.d New York Christian En
delegatcF held a song service In
the Cacitol derne to-day. About sixty
ar.d woTT.cn Erdeavorcrs took part
oncert, which was arranged on
the s;iur of the moment, while they were
\;-Tv:r.? the Eceaery from the dome's
Keipht.
Fol!ow-;r.g is a list of the denominational
f-stfes elected for the ensuing four
r.'v Walter H Brown. ShoSensburr. P».:
H<?\- J Wiii-ur «.Tiars!*n. D. D.. Newr York;
r>v a. C. <>*«¦*. Tcror.to. Car.a^a: Rev. N.
I Crrbbs D. H.. Philhxielphia: Rev. Samuel
UcNasclaoB Boston; Rev. George E. Me
man Wett L«f»y<lte. Ind.; Professor
ni^ri BoscelL nichmond. lat.: Rev. Hurh R.
U'alker Ljm An?»!«. C«!.; Professor H. L.
U'iUett ch:c*po; Hev. C. H. Ycnd^r. Ashland.
Cr*. i ¦« V'i ¦•¦"¦
tt*te tryetees from the West: California.
, T E WWte, fan Francisco; Iiaho. Fred Ker
fi% Weaver; Montana, Rev. J. P. MaeCarthy.
}--:-r.s: Nevada. Charles F. Cutts. Carson
i ¦¦• . ITasblncwn. Oeoree K. Nye. Aberdeen;
Ttah. Horace Smith, fait Lake: Wyoming.
R l>frt I-awBcn. Cheyenne; British Columbia.
James Mclntoth. Victoria: Northwest Terrl
tor>-. D. 6. C. ¦millama. Iafitaa Head. Asslnl
bcl«.
Th? following were made life members
cf the association:
<>orge Plan Knox. St. Leuis; John Guy
V.'anJ. Mcrl*. Cal.: Bertha Wheelock. Willam
ette. Or*.: LoaiF J. Ga!l. Fan Marco*. CaJ.:
Mif* ilsry L. Aldrich Minneapolis. Minn.; A.
tlgar Earth. Seattle. Wash.
Treasurer William Shaw's annual report
showed receipts for the year ended June
1 to have been %'.'¦'¦¦ i, cash on hand June 1.
1*3. The publishing department's expen
ditures during the year were X2.510; cash
en hand June 1. VM2. Its total assets are
$44 .:<*, liabilities $7413.
Attendance at Opening Ses
sion Not as Large as Had
Been Expected.
Christian Endeavorers
Re-elect Their Old
Officers.
CHURCH WORKERS
MEET AT DENVER
THE SAN lEAKCISCp CALL, FKIDAY,.; JULY 10, 1903.
3
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
en Application.
rarss ajtd sa^t meats.
JA^ RflYFS fr C(\ tbippiag Butchery lot
¦In- 1>UILJ Q VU. Clay. T«L Main 123*.
orncr, eastk ppgjiTUkE, etc.
CEO. H. RLLER DESK CO. £££*&
OIM.
LUBPJCAT1NG OILS. LEOXAKD & KL1Z&.
«3t> Front »t.. S. P. Phon« Main 17X». .
F r RIIfiHFS PRINTKR.
9
Both economical and luxur-
ious — Schilling's Best— at
your grocer's; and moneyback.
-' ADVERTISEMENTS. /- . .
$U^^ A * ShI© of
TOI* Xil'^' ITlOllXll OT %JVlly We offer to-day a sailor suit that is par-
• It is a fact wellknown to merchants that less people Buy clothing .is inexpensive, and, besides, the mate-
i^ssft^Ps.^ !^^ i A» i i -Lt. • j • iu .i . > rial will, not soi easily. The suits are
A In Ju 'y than during any other month. durable an d at the same time are dressy.
Rfe&:@* : ?^^^s ¦ Knowing full well that July is ordinarily so inactive, we are going See the picture below, jy ./
totr y overcome these conditions. g J^Z^^o^'^
Values that are good substantial values should create buyers. or gray; there are neat embroidered de-
i. . Wm^^M^W^^M^ Where people can save money thev will necessarily buy. ns^ llar and shield; the ages are
I >¦ m^ : wt a. ¦ il £ u • x ¦ " • • i • j I i : :>: i: v from 3 10 10 >' ears: our regular maker-to-
' J ' W^^^^^^^^^i^m Ve offer the followin g extreme values in order to keep US busy wearer prices are $2.50 and $3.00; the
\\ durin S the month of July. sale price is
¦^^^ftSl^i^S^S^ / i Wr^\ Ol wt°Od.L3 Also all wool blue serge sailor suits, in medium
'."; W^^^^'^^^^'&Wi- i r r W! S^b €$ weight, prettily trimmed and well made; the ages
i^i0M?M^W&^m If 't W \k The croat is the thing to wear for comfort in summer are , fro + m 3 to 10 >: ears^ 0ur " 7 s^ 1 se J lin s prices—
I- > 111 the weather is warm. It has a band that serves as a
:^ v^g^^:?K.^:-^?S^^|^i t collar, while the front ties in an ascot, as shown in the picture.
'• \ - '¦ t jSS***?* We have Croats made of madras, cheviot, oxford and d?Cfe fl S.
; i ;( jf.{^|| I -^^^^i^^ mercerized matting in plain white and broad or narrow Jrl^! I <?T^
':¦: y\ { -W^i0&0^P^^^M^ - ' '''' yi ' ' $x!wfo stripes; seme have neck bands of white and others are
.; I v(^W ma de of the S3me material as the tie; these croats are
'*¦ i) /l\ulk ' ' "Mother's Friend" shirt waists, made of the best
\\ \U- IM^S^^^^^xMl '>''¦ //fmXLvk ¦ C%F** percale, with or without collars attached; both our
1 V WMMmA^mM^: H } O9t Odds and ends in boy S ; ' calico waists! ' fo'rmerly
¦ ¦ . ¦ ¦ ¦--.-•-. ¦-,... 25c each; now two for 25c
I \ iM^MiM^M^&&yj """^^ — —^— »^»^^—^ «^— Boys , blouse waists in Hght and dark patterns>
! 'Wd*&iM$Mffi$% } $ SK5 1 '~ m^^~ m *^~^~ m^~ m^^~~ ma^^ mB^~'~'^^~~ m ~^ mKm ' mmmm^ mm sizes 3, 4 and 5^ reguhr 25c blouse for 15c
''Wg£$%fl$ —--•'• VrJi K lUtU _^S^ : tS^A Our entire stock ' of bo - vs ' straw sailor and
%&Z#\%£%3 : -"- V: - ®^ vaamSK?:;^! -Y^aa y acht nats have been reduced, as follows:
u After u st ? ck taWne we find a number of light colored fmSMSm^^^^ 7^ h^ reduced to 50c
&'&iMJi£s hats on hand, so will close them at 90c. \'' ::^*m&M&'^i8*M#t a a -m o- u t j j -,-
ffi0$$8 There are Tourists and Fedoras in brown, cedar, pearl $1 ' L2:> hatS redUCed t0 - ' - 7dC
fe^vj^-; •// and steel witn bound or raw ed - e brims ; Graecos, Dunlap il^^K*" *^? 1>5 ° hatS reduced to $'- 00
•MW^^ ;^? Crushers and Pashas in above colors and. also black; Jpf/ ij&j J2. 00 hats reduced to $1.50
\ 'gy^^^ij^*- -ii— Derbys, Columbias and Three-in-One styles in black only. *!/ $2.50 hats reduced to $1 75
Wi0^^^^, bt^ T at are worth up t0 J2; ue wUI dispose of the entire W>* : ¦ ' Ladies> straw hats> formerI y as " hl - h as J3 - 5 °;
A^ra2j»»\ Genuine hand-made South American Panamas, $5. * ~ fr C :^ 5 /j&^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^' fJ^-! if^
cheviots in the solid colors of black and wm a 4 s\ t ¦ £> •* rtVdi^ f\f\ : M$^^^?^i \
Made-to-Order butts $10.00 1»^P 1
The garments are the latest CUt with Our stock of made-to-measure goods is most complete. Those who want summer suits will
broad ShQUlaers and OUtSlde breast pocket; find a splendid assortment of all materials in light shades and weights. , 'fc'-V/viiW' Mff^Wi \
well lined With quality farmer satin* Thosewho are looking for, the very latest will find an assortment of fall goods which have j^^^S^ \
Sizes 34 to 42; the intended price was JU Whatever you want in a made-to-order suit can be had from M0.00 up. 1111111 111111 I
$10.00; the sale price is Come in and let us show you our lines. x" 11111111 f&lfi&i \
If you live out of San Francisco, write for samples and self-measuring blank. ngS g» • . wCTWw \
tfJl %, •V-JtJ' Mail orders filled— write for illustrated catalogue jffil HP?
A fev/ m(fre left of those covert top '^^*^ \- V ? •'• v^r^ >s>^^.
coats, in brown and olive shades, at . $8.50 "' 740 Market Street ¦ ¦* G **°.-' U >~'"'-—'T\0ME, July 10, 6:10 a.m.
£i. When, shortly after
sunrise, * Dr. Lapponi
went -to see the Pope, he found
him in the attitude of prayer.
On the doctor inquiring
whether he required anything,
his Holiness replied : "To-day
finishes a week [since I was
taken ill. I am thanking God
for having given me ; strength
to still pray to him."
The injections given by Drs.
Mazzoni and Lapponi had in
part the desired effect, as the
Pope succeeded in getting some
sleep during the night.
j%OME, July, 9.-Mgr. Volpini, who
MJ was stricken with syncope yester-
day, died early this morning, short
ly after the in attendance had
announced that all hope of saving his
life- had been abandoned. Although the
condition of the Pope is still , tho center
of Interest, the case of 'Mgr.' Volpini has
attracted much attention, not , only be
cause of his office _ of secretary to the
consistorial 'congregation/, to " which ''- he
Death Deprives
Mgr. Volpini of
Cardinal's Hat
Three Eminent Prelates and the Metropolitan Church of the' Holy See.
The tragic death of Mgr. Volpinl was
carefully kept from the Pope throughout
the day. It was at first thought that It
would be necessary to Inform. the Pontiff
in order that Mgr. Volplnl's 'successor
to the office of secretary' of the consis
tory might be nominated, but after dis
cussion by the Vatican authorities it was
decided that the precedents admitted the
nomination of a secretary withouuthe In
tervention of the Pope. The^chief impor
tance of the. position is felt at the time
of a conclave, so that If It be considered
essential to fill Mgr. Volpini's place Car
dinal Camerlango will designate a secre
tary of the consistory. This procedure
will ' permit the news of Mgr. Volpini's
death being withheld from the Pope in
definitely- '«>.-
When the amelioration in the condition
of the Pope presented favorable symp
toms yesterday morning Pope Leo decid
ed, after receiving Cardinal Rampolla, to
receive also all of the other Cardinals liv
ing in Rome, to the number of about
twenty-five, as a special mark of his grat
ification at the sympathy they had shown.
Cardinals Oregalla, Gotti and Delia Volpe
were received and held a short conversa
tion with his Holiness, but soon after
ward the dangerous condition of the pa
tient developed, compelling Dr. Lapponi to
stop tha otner receptions.
When a consultation was decided upon.
Dr. Rossoni being already in the ante
chamber. Dr. Lapponi cautiously inform
ed" the Pope that he had thought it bet
ter to ask the opinion and advice of an
other physician Jn view of the phases of
the disease being so variable. He added
that nothing grave had arisen, but that
Dr. Mazzoni and he, tnrough conscien
tious scruples, wished to interrogate their
colleagues. The Pope received, the. news
with calmness,' saying that' he .'would be
glad to see Dr. Rossoni. The latter, on
entering the bedroom, bowed to the Pon
tiff, saying he w-as highly honored to visit
him and tried to encourage the sick man.
The' Pope answered him, but In a weak
voice.
dinary calculations, they say, fail to ap
ply to this extraordinary case. One of
them remarked yesterday:
"Here is a man almpst a hundred years |
old retaining all of his mental and most
of his physical faculties and bravely com
bating the approach of death. Although
the conditions change from hour to -hour,
the essential conditions of mental alert
ness and physical vigor cdntinue unbrok
en. Never has there been tne slightest
lapse into incoherency." .1 ¦-. *
Whatever "may be the outcome, the Vat
ican world has fully made up .its mind
that the demise df the. Pope ;ls onb' a
question of days at the- ra t 05t,. : a;n'd -111160-"!
ably only of hours. \Vith;'this - prevalenb'
view, every detail for conducting the" af-fV
fairs of the church during the inte-rrVg
num and for carrying out the election
of Pope Leo's successor is systematically
arranged, j Following advices from the
Vatican, the Cardinals throughout the j
world .are hurrying Rbmfiward, anticipat- •'
ing the - holding of a conclave for the !
choice of a Pope. These preparations are
undertaken in a spirit of profound grief
and as the performance of a sacred duty.
Throughout yesterday the court of the
Vatican leading to the Pope's apartments
was thronged by distinguished vis
itors seeking information aa to the Pope's^
condition. Practically the entire diplo-*
matic corps accredited to the Vatican was
among the inquirers, and many Cardinals
also were among the groups.
The popular solicitude for the Pope's
condition has led to an amelioration of
the rigid rules closing the entrances.
High and low corriine to ask about the
Pope's condition were equally admitted to
the inner court, where the bulletins signed
by the doctors were conspicuously exhib
ited.
One of the most remarkable features of
the sick room is the absolute simplicity
and the entire absence of the usual elab
orate equipments found in the sick rooms
of distinguished patients. There are no
trained nurses, the only attendants be
sides the doctors being the Pope's valets,
Centra an,d Dl Cestro. The doctors are
without a corps of assistants."^; rr;
SAD NEWS IS WITHHELD.
Following the i.ssi.anre. of this bulletin
the doctorc freely expressed their per
sonal convictions regarding the extreme
gravity of the case. Dr. Lapponi said,
without Qualification, that. the patient's
condition was beyond hope. He did not
expect a final collapse to-night, but rather
s. gradual sinking until the end came.
How long the'eufferer may last the doc
tor* will -not ¦venture -any., predictions :¦ Or-
The mere fact of the consultation In
tself save rise to the gloomiest forebod
ingB. Indeed this was the first actual
consultation, as. the previous frequent
meetings of the doctors were not^SSE
ed as formal consultations. Yestcrdav
however. Dr. Rossoni, the distinguished
specialist of the bacilli school. waTcaE
in a consultalion lasting two hours dtir
ing which every phase of the patient's
case was minutely gone over. The con
elusions announced in the 7:30 o'clock bul"
letin showed that liquid is again Ea th"
ering in the pleural caVIty and that the
Pope's general condition is very grave.
EXPECT GBABUAL SINKINg!
The earlier, hopes had been insDired
largely by the Pontiffs outward evidence
of vigor, as he was able to rise, walk and
command all his faculties, but the later
consultation disclosed that these seem
Ing evidences of strength were entirely
deceptive, as the real danger consisted in
the gradual internal progrees of the in"
eidious diseases. • ¦
The condition of the Pope at times yes
terday morning seemed so favorable that
the hopeful Dr. Mazzoni and the more
«onservative Lapponi united in express
.ng the belief that there was some slight
prospect of recovery, but in a few hours
these brighter prospects disappeared be
fore the most alarming conclusions
reached after a lengthy consultation of
the doctors.
Dr. Mazzoni ended by ridiculing the
criticisms, objections and advice, which,
he said, persons, most of whom were fam
ous only for never being heard of, al
lowed themselves to proffer, even from
abroad, many of these persons having
seen the Pope only In photographs.
"The greatest accusation is that pleurisy
was not discovered in time," he said. "I
visited the Pope for the first time on
Sunday. On Monday evening I discovered
the fluid and on Tuesday removed It. Any
student of medicine knows." continued
Dr. Mazzoni, "that sometimes weeks pass
before the presence of serum is detected.
I myself once had pleurisy, which the
doctor did not discover until fifteen days
after I was taken 111."
FALSE SIGNS OF STRENGTH.
In reply to a question. Dr. Mazzoni said:
"I really cannot say whether the serum
in the oleural cavity has increased since
the consultation last evening, as I did not
examine his Holiness for such a purpose.
It must be undertsood that the Pope Is
too fra.il to be handled like other people.
Besides his thorax, through old age, has
become bent In such a way that the right
Fide, where pneumonia was first detected,
curves out in a very pronounced manner,
while the left eide curves in. In to-mor
row's visit attention will be especially
centered on the progress in the secretion
of serum. Then a decision will be taken
as to whether a new operation is neces
sary."
No right bulletin was issued, but at 1:25
o'clock this morning it was learned from
Dr. Mazzoni that the condition of the Pon
tiff had not changed since the issue of
the evening bulletin at 7:30 o'clock, which
announced that the patient's state was
grave, and at which hour Dr. Lapponi
had declared his fear that there, was no
hope, but that the end might not come
during this night. At midnight a report*
coming from the Vatican, gained currency
that Dr. Mazzoni had again operated upon
the Pope and extracted serum which had
again gathered in the pleural . cavity.
The representative of the Associated
Press immediately went to the Illustrious
surgeon and found him at his home at
1:30 o'clock this morning. Although ex
tremely tired. Dr. Mazzoni allowed him
self to be interviewed and said:
"It is untrue that a new operation has
been performed. I was with the Pope
from 11 o'clock until after midnight and
found his general condition stationary,
no change having taken place since the
afternoon, when the consultation with
Dr. Rossoni was held. To strengthen the
patient's heart and help the circulation
of the blood I injected camphor and caf
feine, after which the Pope, who seemed
somewhat relieved, said he remembered
having been treated with Raspiel water
on a camphor basis when he was nuncio
at Brussels sixty years ago."
HABASSED BY KNOW-ALLS.
Life Cannot
Be Prolonged
Much Longer
*y^OME, July 10, 2 a. m.— Another day
mJ of alternate hopes and fears has
V. passed and Pope Leo's life still
hangs in the balance. Beginning with re
newed hopes, yesterday closed with the
scale tending slowly but surely down
ward. How long this agonizing period of
suspense will last not even the attending
doctors care to say.
«T^3ME. July 9.— I ha>e just Inter-
B^m viewed Dr. Rnsponl regarding the
iT^r critical condition of the Fope,
• •¦ whom he examined to-day. He
said:
"The terrible impression the Pope's
condition made upon me was, perhaps,
rfue to the fact that this was my first
visit to his Holiness. I bolieve.it is not
possible to retain any hope Whatever,
though he may live a few hours, or even
"As to the crisis which occurred this
afternoon. 1 do not, like Professor Maz
zoni. believe that it was due to the ex
ertion made by the Pope in the morn
ing, when he insisted on talking almost
incessantly. 1 believe, on the other hand,
that it is due to the malady Itself.
"This, in my opinion, is exudatory
pleurisy, and in this complaint effusion
always recur*. Another . operation will
he undertaken, perhaps to-morrow, to
draw off the liquid which has again col
lected, but it will be performed with a
view of merely prolonging the Pope's
life for a day or two and without any
hope of the patient's! recovery- However,
it cannot yet be said whether the opera
tion will take place, for the Pope's weak
ness may be so great as to render it in
advisable."
4
Fr»-Ul Cable t<> Th* Call and New York
Herald. Copyright. 1P03. hy the New York
Herald Publishing Company.
Jllarming Compli
cations Jire
Found.
» —
Specialist Exam
ines Stricken
Pontiff
Second Operation
for Pleurisy Is
Probable.
Pontiff Realizes
That Death
Is Near.
OME. July 9^— The news of the
g\ sudden relapse of the Pope, the
/w*^ consultation of physicians and
&\ the alarming bulletin which fol-
lowed w^cre unexpected thunder
bolts in what had already become in the
public feeling an unclouded sky. Tc-nlght
the idea prevailed that this brought to a
definite end all of the bright hopes which
were cherished this morning.
Professor Rossoni went through the most
careful examination of the Illustrious pa
tient, employing again what is known as
the bacilli system. The consultation last
ed more than two hours. The patient, as
one feature of the Investigation, was
made to pronounce the Italian word
"trentatre," which in a case where there
Is Indicated the presence of a badly act
ing heart and scrum In the pleura to any
one listening at the patient's side pre
sents a sound as if the consonants in the
word "thirty-three" had been dropped.
The experiment unfortunately proved not
only the presence of a fluid in the pleura,
but Its rapid augmentation, so that it al
ready a filleted the patient with the same
disturbances that were observed on last
Tuesday. Necessity for another opera
tion is indicated.
A state of great prostration has en
sued, rendering worse the affection of the
kidneys. It is likely that an injection of
salt water into the veins will be resorted
to. The diarrhoea, which appeared this
afternoon and occasioned the consulta
tion, ceased to-night.
That the Pope fully realizes that his
end cannot long be deferred is shown by
th« attention he has given during the last
few days to the details of his final rest
ing place. It is well known that he has
discussed his testamentary dispositions
and* expressed his wishes as to the place
and manner of his funeral. Shortly be
fore he was taken ill the Pontiff repeated
'to Cardinal Satolli his desire td be burled
in the Church of St. John Lateran. The
spot he selected is on the left of the apse
above the entrance to the sacristy, cor
responding to the opposite niche in which
Is the monument erected by himself In
1S91 to Pope Innocent III. It is said that
a statue of Pope Leo, forming part of the
monument, has already been made, in
other respects the tomb will resemble
that of Innocent III, consisting of a sarco
phagus with a bas relief, two niches, two
statues and two medallions.
If there are real martyrs at the Vatican
they are Professors Lapponi and Mazzo
ni, who are inundated with letters and
telegrams from the four quarters of tha
earth imploring them to save their Illus
trious patient, who Is so necessary to the
church and the world. Unknown names
rub elbows with those of worldwide cel
ebrities, some of the senders . asking fur
telegraphic news two or three times a
day. A private secretary and a large for
tune would be required to answer them
all, which the eminent professors certain
ly have no intention of doing.
It does not even end there, for admirers
and worshipers of Pope Leo are sending
infallible remedies which they say if only
employed are sure to save the Pontiff' a
life. An American has sent wLu: he de
scribes as an extraordinary nutritive
liquid which would restore the dying to
health. A South American has sent a
hemorrholdal unguent in a very rich
flask. Besides these there are prescrip
tions from druggists and offers already
to embalm the Pontiff. Others offer to
make a death mask; some want to paint
a picture of Pope Leo and one writer
even offers to Impart the secret of petri
fying the body Into an everlasting status
to be offered to the Pope's nephews.
A new phase of the historic strife be
tween the noble families of Colonna and
Orsini has been developed by the Illness
of the Pope. Hoping to reconcile this an
cient family's hostility, it has been the
practice to designate the^ head of each
house as a prince assistant to tho Pon
tifical throne, these two positions being
the highest lay honors In the SEt of tho
Pope. In the case of the coronation of a
new Pontiff the two princes stand on
either side of his Holiness.
The head of the Colonna family, Don
Marco Antonio Colonna, was among: the
visitors at the Vatican to-day, but the
Orsini family is temporarily unrepresent
ed In this high dignity. Don Filippo Or
sini having resigned in favor of his son.
Don Domenico; Prince > of Solefra, and" the
latter's nomination not- having yet been
confirmed by Pope Leo." The Orsinis are
thus without representation and this cir
cumstance constitutes an Interesting his
torical curiosity.
A deputation arrived at the Vatican to
day from Carpineto. the birthplace of
Pope Leo, the news of the Pontiffs
alarming' condition' having penetrated
even to that obscure place. Carplnetorts
a little town among the Voschlan Jiillls.
with streets so narrow that two donkeys
cannot pass each other, and an hour dis
tant from any railway, but w!th a water
supply and electric lights, the former the
gift of the Pope himself. The village It
self nourishes a species of worship for
Leo. ,
The deputation .penetrated* as ,. far as
the ante-chamber and the- .sick Pontiff
immediately said he would receive -them,
but for once' gave way to the .appeals of
those' around him and sent -Instead his
kindest wishes and benediction..,
; The . Neapolitans are showing great
emotion over the approaching end of Pope
Leo, praying In the churches and doing
all that religion prescribes in appealing
to the Almighty to delay the catastrophe.
Cardinal Prlsco telegraphs that recourse
has been had even to the extreme -meas
ure of bringing out the blood- of "Saint
Gennaro. The blood of the saint is con
tained In a vial In a petrified form, which
turns into liquid and boils when the saint
condescends to Intervene. The miracle
is very dear to the heart of the Neapoli
tans, who firmly believe In Its power' to
cure all Ills. The Cardinal reports- that
the petrified blood took a liquid form to
day in the presence of a large concourse.
The Vatican has received" dispatches
from all parts of. the /world, from Cardi
nals abroad, stating that they axe leav
ing Immediately ."for Rome. , One of the
most distant. Cardinal Moran. Archbish
op of Sydney. N. S. W., telegraphs that
he. sailed to-day. As he will travel half
way. around the globe it Is doubtful if
he will arrive In ; time for the conclave.
Some authorities hold that each Cardinal
has a right to demand the postponement
of the conclave to permit him to* reach,
Rome, but {t is doubted, if the selection
of the Pope will be delayed on account
of the non-arrival of. one Cardinal.
go over, and in the event of the death
of the Pope I shall proceed directly to
Rome. If he is still livine. which may
God grant. I. shall spend the time, quietly
resting. I- expect to be gone about two
or three months." -
POPE LEO SUFFERS RELAPSE AND HOPE IS LOST;
PHYSICIANS SAY DEATH IS MOT FAR DISTANT
TtfE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, FRIDAY, JULY 10, 1903.
<m JEW YORK, July 9.-Cardlnal Gib
yi/ b6ns,;who goes abroad to be near
•'Xv Rome '', when the conclave of Car
dinals is '„ called, Vshould the Pope's ill
ness ; prove . fatal, sailed to-aay ¦ on the
steamship La Touralne. Hewasaccom-
Will Be Near
Rome in Event
of Pope's Death
From;tho-moment tie was stricken and
fell to the floor, Mgr. Volpinl lost entirely
the power ; of ; speech and - the - use of the
entire right side of his ' body : and >. he was
apparently unconscious when, he died. It
has been ascertained that, the? cause '; of
death was cerebral congestion.
had just been appointed by. Pope Leo, but
also on account of the manner In which
he was seized by his : fatal illness: and
it is hardly possible to describe tho sen-,
sation and emotioYi which prevailed in
the Vatican . when his . death was an
nounced. \JS$igS| ... • -i
The office of secretary of the
cohslstorlal congregation, to which Pope
Leo '] appointed the deceased prelate on
July 5— the last appointment made by his
Holiness— must, be filled without delay, in
view of the possibility of a papal interreg
num, as It is known that ' at : the moment
the ;• Pope dies r the secretary ; of ; state
ceases to exercise' his functions,, which
pass to the hands of. the secretary of the
consistorial congregation.; The latter's ca
reer, is .from that time - assured; v as, ac
cording to ; custom, he., is the: first Cardinal
to be appointed by the new] Pope*;; :
OME, July 9.— Pope Leo's condi-
M^B tion when he awoke this morn-
Jf^BT^ Ins seemed to be substantially un
• changed. His Holiness was rest
less and impatiently awaited the
visit of the doctors. He asked Dr. Lap
poni: v;*0
"When wi'l Mazzoni. come?"
"Immediately," was' the reply, "if your
Holiness wishes.
"No," said the Pope; VI merely desired
to know the approaching time." .'?
Dr. Lapponi then informed his Holiness
that Dr. Mazzoni would be there about
8:30 o'clock.
Not since his illness did the'Pope begin
a day as satisfactorily as this morning.
Indeed hopes' of his- recovery /reached
such a point as to make the general pub
lic believe the Pontiff might soon be out
of danger. No ;• better sny thesis of this
view could be given than., in. the v words
Dr. Lapponi uttered on leaving the sick
room at* about noon, that, although he
did not yet dare' to hope, he had perhaps
ceased to despair. This promising out
look, however, was followed by the start
ling announcement that the Pope had
been attacked with diarrhoea, apparently
caused by the large quantity of food he
had taken, and "that a consulting physi
cian had been sent for.
The patient, when he began the day,
showed only, more his iron mountaineer
fiber by rising and dressing almost with
out assistance, walking across- the room
to his armchair and having his toilet fully
prepared, even to the detail of J : being
shaved. Throughout this, procedure the
Pope showed no sign of being exhausted.
Indeed he jokingly alluded to the amount
of nourishment which, was being imposed
upon him, and said:
"I ougnt to grow fat, as I have never
• "There is nothing, for me to sax.'* said
the Cardinal. '-'I have been advised to
panled by his secretary, Father P c
Garvln. The Cardinal pointed out before
sailing that he was not summoned offi
cially to Rorqe to take part in the con
clave. Such; a summons, he said, would
come only after the death of the Pone
When the illness of the holy father took
a serious turn a few days ago he re
ceived a cablegram from Cardinal Ram
polla, the papal secretary of state sug
gesting that it woul<5 be advisable for the
Cardinal to : come o\v.
Orders have been given that the belld
of the Vatican and St. Peter's shall not
be tolledfor the death of Monsignor Vol
pint since it would disclose the death to
his Holiness. l
Besides the inquiries from all the reign
ing sovereigns, there were received at the
Vatican to-day sympathetic messages
from, the Count of Flanders, the Duke
and Duchess Paul of Mecklenburg-Schwe
rln, the Infanta Isabella. Count Caserta
(pretender to the kingdom of the two
Sicilies), Grand Duke- Serge of Russia
and Princess Mathilda of : Saxe-Coburs
and Gotha. Prince Albert of Belgium
not only inquired through the legation
but went personally, to the papal nuncio
at Brussels to give expression to his
grief. The Vatican was advised also that
the President of Argentina had visited
the papal inter-nuncio to demonstrate the
Interest taken by him, both as an Individ
ual and as an official. '
The Pontiff having expressed a desire
to see. the newspapers, and Dr. Lapponi
wishing to prevent him reading any of
the alarming news which has appeared
even in the clerical journals, had a spe
cial edition of the Voce. Delia Verlta (the
Voice of Truth), the Vatican paper, print
ed for the Pope, who was delighted In
hearing it read to him. Confidence in tho
steady amelioration In the Pope's condi
tion, however, is so rooted in his Immedi
ate attendants and the other members 6f
the papal court that this morning there
were few persons present in the ante
chamber when the% medical bulletin was
issued. During the last few days it has
been badly overcrowded.
"The Americans have always shown me
more affection than any other people. I
love them."
from an American named Cleary. which
said in part:
"Before he dies I wish to see the world
at peace. God bless him. Do not give
him up. The world needs him."
The Pontiff was much gratified. Said
he: ..
ended; but he came from the sick cham
ber long~~cnough to say a few words. The
doctor looked haggard and much depress
ed. The hopeful appearance which he had
shown 'early in the day had entirely dis
appeared. He said;
"I fear there is no hope, no hope what
ever, yet the enu may not come to-night.
Although the patient's condition is very
grave THe disease seems to be developed
through slow but certain processes."
Dr. ; Rossoni and Dr. Mazzoni left tfie
Vatican after the consultation,' but at 7
o'clock Dr. Mazzoni returned.
One of the most remarkable features in
the serious turn which affairs took was
that the Pope continued dressed and par
tially sitting up. His mind was perfectly
clear and "apparently the only cause of
alarm was that the doctors had detected
a renewal of the dangerous Internal com
plications.
The following bulletin was Issued at 9:30
o'clock:
, "The general condition of the illustrious
patient having become depressed, a con
sultation was held at 4 o'clock, with the
participation of Professor Rossoni. From
objective examination it appears that tho
liquid is again rapidly gathering In the
pleura." The sounds of the heart are weak,
without any symptoms of -valvular lesion.
The pulse' is easily compressible and It
has ninety pulsations instead of sixty
nine, which is normal. The breathing Is
superficial and at long Intervals^ The
kidneys are not performing th«ir func
tions. The state of his Holiness is con
sidered grave.
"ROSSONI,
"LAPPONI.
__ V'MAZZONI."
POPE LOVES AMERICANS.
• As the Pope is much touched by the
evidences of .sympathy coming to him
from all parts of .the world, Dr. Lapponi
to-day, showed him some of the* telegrams
which had reached him as the Pope's phy
sician, including the following message
Hope Aroused by Patient 's Improved Condition at Dawn Gives Way to
Deepest Gloom Before the Day Is Spent
had in my life food as much as I get
now."
STILL KEEN OF INTELLECT.
This buoyancy of spirit "was considered
to be one of the principal co-efficients in
the struggle with death which this ad
mirable old man has made in the last
seven days. The doctors, previous to the
alarming attack of this afternoon, said
there was not the slightest diminution in
the acuteness of the Pontiff's mental fac
ulties, as shown this morning -in a re
markable manner, when the Pope insist
ed upon going 'over some of the large
questions of church policy laid before
him by Cardinal Rampolla, the papal sec
retary of state.
' The Pope on learning .that Cardinal
Rampolla desired to see ; him received the
Cardinal at. 10 o'clock this morning. The
Pontiff said he had seen with great pleas
ure how the Sacred College was inter
ested in hjs person and he was equally
gratified at the manifestations' from the
good people of Rome. .
After this - his Holiness . spontaneously
asked Cardinal Rampolla whether there
were any urgent affairs to deal with, and
the Cardinal made a short summary of
the principal pending questions. The Pope
interested himself in all of them and. the
conversation i turning again to the Pon
tiff's condition 5 he said:
"Weakness has always been my great
est preoccupation.''
Dr. Lapponi, on leaving, the Pope's bed
room at 1 o'clock thls-afternoon, said:
"I cannot yet say that I hope, but I no
longer despair."
At about 3 o'clock in the afternoon, al
though no wo r^e. the Pope was not re
ported to ' be any better and then came
the news of the Pontiffs sudden ..relapse
and of the sending for 'a consulting phy
sician.
LAPPONI GIVES UP HOPE.
. Dr. I>apponi remained at th© Vatican
after the consultation of physicians was
4OYSTER BAT. N. T.. July ».— The Presi
dent and Mrs. Roosevelt left Sagamore Hill
at 8 o'clock thl« evening. They went
the yacht Sylph for a cruise up the Hudson
and will return to Oyster Hay some time Fri-
Negro Murderer to Be Electrocuted.
NEW YORK. July 9.-Wi!liam Spencer,
the negro who shot and killed Superin
tendent McFarlane of the Anti-Policy
Society on June 15 in a corridor of the
Court of General Sessions, was found
guiltr to-day of murder in the first de
gree. Spencer will be electrocuted during
the third week in August.
The truth about several politicians in the
.Wasp this week •
Found With Bullet Hole in Head.
JANESVILLE. Wis., July 9.— Charles
Randall, a brother of General James
Randall, was found dead in. bed to-day
with a bullet hole in his head. He was
very wealthy and lived alone on the out
skirts of the city.
RED LODGE. Mont.. July 9.— D. K.
Williams, a rancher from the Big Horn
Basin In Wyoming, says that the last
herd of wild horses in the Northwest
has been discovered in that territory and
that the ranchmen have gone out to round
them up in a body. The herd numbers
several hundred.
Discovers Herd of Wild Horses.
SANTA ROSA. July 9.— Judge -Albert G.
Burnett to-day denied the application for
divorce made by Mrs. Ruby Nichols from
J. J. Nichols, and dismissed the action.
In her testimony Mrs. Nichols stated that
she had not heard from her husband for
ten years, and believed he Is dead. The
Judge declared It Is a presumption of law
in this State that a person not heard
from in seven* years is dead and that it
would be an unprecedented proceeding to
grai\t a divorce from one who has ap
parently passed beyond the jurisdiction of
all earthly tribunals.
Woman^TJoesn't Need Divorce.
BOSTON, July 9.— The fair weather
which since Sunday has favored the Na
tional Teachers' assembly continued to
day, bringing great satisfaction, as for
thjls, the fourth day of the annual con
vention, more excursions were scheduled
than the preceding days.
While many of the trips were for pleas
ure only, a number were for geological
and other educational purposes. One of
them was the canoe excursion up the
Charles River. There were the usual num
ber of exhibitions and at least fifteen
receptions scheduled for to-day.
Several of the departments have prac
tically finished their work— the elemen
tary, the hleher education and the nor
mal. The department of secondary edu
cation and of scientific Instruction held
their first sessions to-day. The manual
training, music, kindergarten, child study,
administration and Indian departments
continued their deliberations, while the
business, physical training and library
departments skipped a session to resume
to-morrow.
The National Council held a memora
ble session this forenoon, at which trib
utes were paid to J. L.. M. Curry; Presi
dent W. M. Bradshear and Dr. E. E.
White.
President Charles W. Ellott presided at
the business meeting. Treasurer William
M. Davidson ' reported total receipts • of
$30,746 and disbursements of $30. 400.
The^port of the trustees showed the
permanent fund to be J108.000; invest
ments, $107,200.: -^i'M'-i:
Following the . report of. the trustees
came the . election of officers, which ¦ re
sulted as follows, the secretary being au
thorized to cast one ballot for the list
presented by the nominating committee:
Presldent vjobn ¦ Wllllston Cook, De Kalb,
II Utreaaurer.aicHenry Rhoades De Kalb III.:
a number of vice presidents. Including Charles
¦\V Eliot Massachusetts, and John Foahay.
Ca'llfornla and a board of. directors Including:
Arizona A J. Matthews : . California.- Thomas
J. Kirk; Oregon. E. D., Relssler; Washington.
F. B. Coooer. -
The sensation of- the evening ' was the
spirited difference of opinion between
President Eliot' of Harvard and President
Butler of Columbia on the one side ; and
Miss Margaret A. : Haley- of Chicago X on
the other, over, a proposed amendment to
the 'by-laws, giving, the selection ; of the
nominating, committee now- lodged t with
the State delegates to the president." Miss
Haley opposed the proposed change and
was victorious after a lively forensic bat-
TBRRE HAUTE, Ind.. July 9.— The
badly* mutilated body of Mrs. Anna Gil
more, wife of Dr. A. H. Gilmore of this
city, was found to-day in a shanty near
the "Wabash River. She had been beaten
to death with a club. Mrs. Gilmore, who
had not been living with her husband for
some time, disappeared on Tuesday night
last.
Woman Is Beaten to Death.
PITTSBURG, July 9.— A mass meeting
of 1000 members of the Machinists' Union
In the Pittsburg district, which was held
to-night, voted 252 for and 157 against
the settlement of the wage scale on the
compromise offered by the Manufactur
ers' Association which calls for a 7& per
cent advance over last year's rate. The
meeting terminates one of the most mem
orable struggles In this country between
workmen and their employers without
actually coming/ to open hostilities... The
settlement will/affect directly about 8000
men.
Machinists Settle Their Strike.
BERLIN. July 9.— The court at Duis
,burg, Rhinish Prussia, has sentenced for
mer Company Director Terrlnden of Ober
hausen to six years' confinement In ,the
penitentiary for overissuing stock and
other offenses. Terrlnden fled to the
United States upon the discovery of his
Irregularities In the summer of 1901 and
later was extradited.
Goes to Penitentiary for Six Years.
WASHINGTON. July 9.— The pleas of
J.OiI. A. Watson to the civil suit filed
against him by the District of Columbia
to recover $10,181, which he Is alleged to
have embezzled while a clerk in the of
fice of the District Auditor, were filed to
day in the District Supreme feourt. Wat-
Eon pleads the statute of limitation and
denies the right of the District Commis
sioners to make him disclose information
on civil proceedings that might be used
against him in criminal proceedings.
Pleads Statute of Limitations.
VALLEJO, July 9.— Vallejo continues on
the upgrade. The city authorities have
Just expended $135,000 improving the wa
ter system and as a result the elevated
portions of the city are now well supplied
with water. The water taken by the
navy yard pays 5 per cent on a plant
worth $350,000. The Supervisors are oil
ing the roads leading out of town and
are making excellent thoroughfares. In
the city the Woman's Improvement Club
has had several blocks of street oiled.
CITIZENS OF VALLEJO
CONTINUE IMPROVEMENTS
Water System Furnishes Excellent
Supply and Streets Are
Being Oiled.
Business of the, Session
at Boston Is Nearly
Finished.
TEACHERS ELECT
THEIR OFFICERS
SARATOGA. N. Y., July 9.— The Im
perial Council, Mystic Shrine, will meet
at Atlantic City in 1904. George H. Green
of Dallas, Tex., was elected imperial
potentate. The other officers follow:
Imperial deputy potentate, George T.
Brown, New York; Imperial chief rabban,
Henry A. Collins. Toronto; imperial high
priest and prophet. Frank C. Boundy,
Chicago; imperial oriental guide. E. Y.
Alderman, Marion, Iowa; imperial treas
urer, W. S. Brown. Pittsburg, Pa,; im
perial recorder. B. W. Rowell. Boston;
imperial first ceremonial master, George
L. Street, Richmond. Va. ; imperial sec
ond ceremonial master, Frederick A.
Hines, Los Angeles, Cal.
Mystic Shriners Elect Officers.
SEEKS CONTROL
OF OIL FIELDS
Southern Pacific Back
of Newly Formed
Corporation.
tie in which the two college presidents
and a number of the delegates Joined.
Miss Haley contended .. that the proposed
amendment • was nothing less than a
move 'toward investing; the power of gov
ernment in the male members of the as
sociation., . . .
The meeting of the general session in
the evening ' dealt with municipal ques
tions. •
The convention will practically close
to-morrow. :/-..
WASHINGTON. July 9.— The following
cablegram has been received from United
States Consul McWade at Canton, dated
to-day:
"In consequence of. general dissatisfac
tion 1500 braves deserted to the rebels at
Arms. Admiral Ho left here for Kwang
si with 2000 soldiers. Viceroy Chuan tel
egraphed conditions In Kwangsl now Im
proving' owing to American relief."
Another dispatch from McWade stated
there is no longer need for further contri
butions for Kwangsl sufferers.
DISTRESS NO LONGER
PREVAILS IN KWANGSI
Consul McWade at Canton Cables
That There Ib No Need for Fur
ther Contributions.
HOT WAVE IN EAST
CAUSES MANY DEATHS
Exceedingly High Temperatures Are
Reported From Various
Cities.
CHICAGO, July 9. — Two deaths and
ten prostrations resulted from the
heat to-day. To-night a neavy thun
derstorm sent the temperature down
from 90 to 77. During the storm a
number of buildings were struck by
lightning, and many "" basements in the
business portion of the Icity were
flooded by the heavy rainfall.
One of the fires started by the light
ning was in the plant of the Empire
Mattress Company. 912 West Madison
street, and during its progress four
firemen were caught and narrowly es
caped death. All were badly hurt, but
Captain McKeen is the only one not as
sured of recovery. His spine was In
jured.
NEW YORK, July 9.— There were six
deaths from heat to-day in New York,
six in Brooklyn and fully forty prostra
tions. It was the hottest day since July
2, 1801, when it was 99 degrees. To-day it
ran to 94 degrees. .
BOSTON, July 9.— This was the hottest
day thus far. The thermometer regis
tered 90 at noon. There were a number
of prostrations.
CINCINNATI, July 9.— This was the
hottest day of the year, the thermome
ter registering 95 degrees. Twelve pros
trations are reported.
ST. LOUIS, July 9.— The excessive heat
continues, the highest temperature being
recorded at 2 o'clock, when the weather
bureau . reported 97 degrees. Two deaths
and eight prostrations, are reported.
BODY OF DELEHANTY
IS FOUND IN THE'MVEB
Stockholder in the Washington Club
Identifies the Remains of the
Famous Outfielder.
BUFFALO. N. Y.. July 9.— The body
found in the river below the falls to-day
was identified at Drummondvllle this
afternoon as that of Ed Delehanty, the
famous outfielder of the Washington
American League team. The body wa3
mangled. One leg was torn off. presum
ably by the propeller of the Maid of the
Mist, near whose landing the body was
found. M. H. Green, a stockholder tn the
Washington Club, Identified the body by
the teeth, two crippled fingers and the
clothing. The body will be shipped to
Washington.
Green this morning: identified the lug
gage left by Delehanty on the train at
the bridge last Thursday night when he
was put off. In it was a pass to fha
Washington grounds, made out to Mrs.
Delehanty. In the sleeper on the Michi
gan Central train on the way down from
Detroit Delehanty had five drinks of
whisky, says Conductor Cole, and he be
came so quarrelsome that he had to be
put off the train at Bridgeburg, at tha
Canadian end of the bridge.
After the train had disappeared across
the bridge Delehanty started to walk
across, which is against the rules. The
night watchman attempted to stop him
but Delehanty pushed the man to one
side. The draw of the bridge had been
opened for a boat and the player plunged
Into the waters of the Niagara.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. July 9.— Prominent officers
of the Southern Pacific have formed the
Kern Trading and OH Company of South
ern California, with a capital stock ot
Jl.000,000. all of which is subscribed. The
directors are J. Krutschnltt, James Wal
lace, W. A. Worthlngton, J. L. Willcut
and J. E. Foulds.
While this is not officially admitted, it
is believed that the purpose of the com
pany Is to acquire for the Southern Pa
cific oil wells and oil lands in order to
guarantee a supply of oil for locomotives.
The Kern company has started out to
acquire the biggest oil companies ¦ of
Southern California by securing all of
the stock of the San Joaquln Oil Com
pany and the Reed Crude Oil Company.
It is believed that its purpose In this
move is to get control of a majority of
the stock of the Associated Oil Company,
of which they are part.
SANTA CRUZ. July 9. — The sixth regiment
N. G. C. has been ordered Into camp here.
This city will furnish the site. fuel, lljrht*.
etc. The camp will be located at Tripe Hill,
where all encampments formerly were held.
Tommy Sullivan Gets the Decision.
ST. LOUIS,, July 9.— Tommy Sullivan
received the decision over Tommy Felts
in a 20-round boxing bout to-nisht.
EVANSVILLE, Ind.. July 9.— After talk
ing with Governor Durbin over the tele
phone this afternoon" Brigadier General
McKee to-night ordered all troops re
moved from Evansvllle. The city will be
left In charge of the police department,
which is armed with rifles. There were
fceven funerals to-day. All were conduct
ed quietly. The. ministers in one or two
cases prayed for the city and county ad
ministrations and said this was not a time
for criticism, but for sympathy for the
friends of the dead. Two more of the
wounded are pronounced by the surgeons
to be in a critical condition. The Grand
Jury Is taking testimony on Monday
night's shooting. t ¦ ; "•'
Brigadier General McXee Withdraws
State Troops After Consultation
•«• With Governor Durbin.
PEACE IS RESTORED
IN CITY OF EVANSVILLE
SAN JOSE. July 9.— Lenore Spotorno,
the seven-year-old daughter of Mr. Spo
torno of the firm of O'Brien & Spotorno
of San Francisco, was drowned in the
swimming tank at Vic Poncelet's moun
tain home to-day.
The little plrl, with her mother, was
spending a few weeks at this resort.
About noontime she left her mother's side
and went out to play. A short time after
she was missed her lifeless body was
found In the swimming pool where she
had accidentally fallen.
Daughter of a San Francisco Mer
chant Meets With Fatal
Accident.
DROWNING IN A TANK
FATE OF A LITTLE GIRL
EVERETT. Wash.. July 9.— E. T. Ogles
bie. a negro, wanted for the murder of
four members of his race in Mississippi,
made a partial confession to the Chief of
Police of this city to-day. The negro was
arrested here July 1 on suspicion and
held on a charge of vagrancy. Photo
graphs sent to Mississippi brought tho
following telegram to-day: "You have
right man."
NEGRO UNDER ARREST
» TELLS ABOUT MURDERS
Prisoner in Washington Makes Par
tial Confession of Crimes in '
Mississippi.
Army order* — The leave of absence of First
Lieutenant E. Holland Rubottom. Ninth Cav
alry, Department of California, is extended
on* month: Majors Adrian S. Polhemus and
Charles M. Gandy. mirseonn. are to jro from
the Philippines to San Francisco for further
order*: First Lieutenant Llewellyn 1*. William
con, assistant euixeon. goes from Jefferson
Barracks. Mo., to temporary duty at the Gen
eral Hospital. Prestdlo, San Francisco: First
Lieutenant H'firy Rutherford, assistant sur
geon, kws from, Eaa Francisco to Fort Mc-
Kinney, Wyoming.
"WASHINGTON. D. C. July !.'.—Postmas
ters commissioned: California — Timothy Des
mond. Burr*y; Walter H. Metcalf. S&wtelle.
Assistant Surgeon Rutherford Is
Ordered From San Francisco to
Fort McKinney, Wyoming.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
WASHINGTON. July 9.— Secretary Hay
to-dajj communicated to the Jewish lead
ers the President's desire that they snould
call at' Oyster, Bay next Tuesday to con
sult- respecting' the disposition to be made
of the Jewish petition to Russia. The
Secretary took occasion to emphasize the
President's desire that there should be
no further delay in the submission of the
petition; that it must be ready next week.
It Is probable the course to be pursued
will consist in the dispatch of cablegrams
to Mr. Riddle, United States Charge at
St. Petersburg, directing him to inquire
of the Russian Government whether It is
•willing to receive a petition, the nature of
which wlll.be briefly outlined by Riddle,
and further proceedings will be governed
by the Russian answer.
The President is being deluged with
singly signed petitions on behalf of the
Russian Jews and these are forwarded
from Oyster Bay by every mail. The peti
tions are identical and as they are di
rected to the President alone, no ques
tion of tranmisslon to Russia is Involved,
and they are being filed at the State De
partment.
Desires to Learn Their Views Re
specting the Disposition of the
Petition, to Russia.
PRESIDENT TO CONSULT
WITH JEWISH LEADERS
Secretary of Treasury Prepares to
Build New Custom-House in
San Francisco.
WASHINGTON. July 9.— The Secretary
of the Trcasvry has invited the following
architects to submit j.Ians for a. new cus
•.•¦m-house building at San Francisco: D.
\V. Wi!lard & Babb. Cook & W'illard. as-
F'iciate«. Rcdlands. fal.; A. F. Rosen
heim. Los Anpoles: Whidden & Lewis.
Portland. Or.; Thomas R. Kimball. Oma
ha. Neb.; Eajnes & Younp, St. Louis, Mo.;
Reid & Reid. San Francisco; Albert
PiFsis. San Francisco; John G. Howard.
Berkeley. Cal.; Clinton Day. San Francis
co: Kliss Faville. San Francisco; William
Mooser. San Francisco: Shea & Shea,
San Francisco.
Plans submitted by the above named
architects will be judged by the following
ramed judpes and an award made:
Frank Miles Day. Philadelphia, Pa.;
William M. Adkin. New York; E.
B. Green. Buffalo. Iff. Y.. and
John M. Carrere, New York, supervising
architect of the Treasury Department,
Washington, D. C.
nrvnxs architects
TO SUBMIT THEIR PLAN'S
BERLIN. July 9.— The German meat
law. which went into effect in April, is
having more serious consequences, com
mercially, than anticipated. As the reg
ulations require the inspection of meats
and lard to take place in bonded ware
houses before export, and the inspection
fees are heavy, the German merchants
complain that they are placed at a great
disadvantage In transit trade. They had
hitherto supplied Austria and Switzer
land with American meats and lard, send
ing directly from the warehouses without
expense. Since the meat law has been ap
plied, however, the Belgian and Dutch
shippers are getting all the Austrian and
Swiss trade and Germany is losing the
transit profits. The German shippers
therefore are calling loudly for the aboli
tion of the inspection requirements in the
case of export goods.
Inspection of Goods in Bonded Ware-
Houses Places Them at a
Great Disadvantage.
GEKMAN" MERCHANTS FEEL
EFFECTS OF THE MEAT LAW
The total loss will be in the neighbor
hood of $20,000, about equally divided be
tween the cargo arrd the vessel.
The vessel was on her.way from San
Juan Island to Seattle with 1S00 barrels
of lime and 129 barrels of salt salmon
in the cargo. Early this morning in De
ception Pass she sprang a leak, and as
soon as the water struck the lime the
fire began. Captain Ire Myers immedi
ately headed the Laconner for the beach,
which, she reached in time to allow the
officers and members of the crew to get
safely ashore.
ANACORTES. Wash.. July 9.— With a
cargo of lime burning in her hold, and
officers and crew In extreme peril, the
Sound steamer. Laconner steamed swiftly
to the beach tarly this morning and was
destroyed by the flames soon after all
the persons aboard abandoned her.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
In the discussion which followed Pro
fe?sor Orth, the late Professor Virchow's
successor, strongly combated the view
that human and animal consumption were
dissimilar and non-transferable.
"The series of experiments strengthens
Professor Koch's view that animal con
sumption as the cause of human con
sumption does not play the role generally
attributed to it. but delinitive judgment
requires further experimentation." ¦
The commission decided to attempt the
inoculation of calves, not with matter
taken directly from human victims, but
with cultures made therefrom. The ex
perimentation covered thirty-nine separate
cultures, twenty-three from adults and
sixteen from children. The results were
that nineteen calves subcutaneously
treated, did not show the slightest effect;
nine showed after four months the slight
est changes of condition, and seven
showed more marked symptoms, but the
propagation of tuberculosis In the body
did not occur. On the other hand four
inoculations from tuberculosis children
infected calves with a disease which re
sembled a weak type of animal consump
tion and two of this number died from
tuberculosis.
The commission summarizes as follows:
BERLIN, July 9.— The Berlin Medical
Society yesterday evening assembled to
hear Professor Kossel of the "imperial
Health Office report the results of the
prolonged experiments of the tuberculosis
commission In Infecting calves with hu
man tuberculosis. Professor Koch's ob
servations, prior to the celebrated Lon
don address, caused the Health Office to
appoint the commission to make sys
tematic experiments. Yesterday's paper
was In the nature of a preliminary report.
The commission investigations cover three
forms of introducing tubercle bacilli In
calves— first, subcutaneous injection; sec
ond, in food, and third, by inhalation.
The preliminary report covers only/ the
first form, but the experiments with the
other fcrms continue. ¦' - .-
CINCINNATI. Ohio. July 9.— A west
bound train on the Pennsylvania road
from Coiumbus to-night struck a wagon
containing nine persona at a crossing
near Redcomb Junction, eight miles from
this city. Five persons were killed and
four injured. The dead:
. J C COPENHAVEX.
OLJVE COPENHAVEX.
CHARLES COPEXHAVEX.
GRACE I.EM MICK.
WILLIAM BOOTH.
The injured: Albert Copenhaven, aged 15
years: Nellie Copenhaven. 7 years; Sam
uel Copenhaven, 2 years; Charles Johnson.
The injured Copenhaven children are in
a critical condition. Johnson will recover.
j. c. Copenhaven, accompanied by his
five children and by Grace Lemmlck.
Wll'iam Booth and Charles Johnson,
neighbors of the Copenhaven*, was going
to Madisonvllle. where Copenhaven in
tended to purchase supplies for his board
s-house near Redcrjmb Junction. On
reaching the crossing the party failed to
observe the train ar.d started to cross
the track. The engineer blew his whistle,
but the mules became frightened and
•stopped, leaving the wagon on the track.
The engine could not be brought to a
Stop and the train struck the wagon, com
pletely demolishing it, and tossed the oc
cupants In all directions. Four were
killed outright and the other died two
hours later.
Craft Springs Leak and Lime
in the Cargo Starts
Blaz3.
Says Consumption in Ani
mals Does Not Play the
Role Attributed to It.
Names of Three Injured Chil
dren May Be Added to
the List.
Kills Five Members of a
Party Consisting
of Nine.
cape the PJames on p
a Steamer.
Officers and Crew Es-
German Medico Infects
Calves With Human
Tuberculosis.
ENGINE STRIKES
CROWDED WAGON
BURNING VESSEL
RACES TO SHORE
REPORTS RESULT
OF EXPERIMENTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 10, -19031
5
ADVEBTISEMEMTS.
BACK EAST
EXCURSIONS
BY THE
JULY 12th, 13th, 14th,
15th and 16th.
AUGUST 18th and 19th,
25th and 23th.
THERE AND BACK
ONE FARE.
STOP-OVERS ©O-DAY LIMIT.
Ask Agents
SANTA FE
Fcr Particulars
641 MARKET STREET
@\ l\l, VIGOR. Vll ALiI Y lor ML..
MORMON BISHOP'S PILL*
bave bcua In u»e over fllty
yearc by the leaders of ihe
Mormon Church and th'ir
tollcrwer*. Positively cur* th*
wont case* In old and young
• rltirc from eRects or trlt-
iduw, rtiK>Ji«t;on. exceasea or
clfzur-'.t* eaiokin^. Cure Iyi»t
Manhood. Iispotency. Lou
Power. N!rM Losses. Insom-
n'a. P«Jna In Bacje. E%'H De»lre». Lajse Back.
Ncrvoua DebJIHy. Headache. CnfitneHi to Mar-
tlipttJon; Stop -N>r i3 \J vou« Twitcblnr of
tyeMci Eftfcuare^lJrL Immediate. Im-
I*A v.ior and pote CEIiTSncy to every func-
tu£ Lon't i«et detpor.dent. a cure is at hand,
llertore small, undeveloped or*ao». Stimulate
ih» brain ant nerve centers: fHte a box; « for
12 tO by mall. A written guarantee to cur» or
n . cnfT refunded with « bores. Circulars tr*».
AdcrX/mSHOP REMEDT CO.. 40 Eltia st.
Fan ?!r*nclS5. Cat GKAKT DRUG CO.. Z»
asd 40 Third at.
6 visit DR. JORDAN'S great 6
OF flNATOHY^
a G& :: - 1 xiszz? A- tt*- «' 1 *"-• : - r : ~- d
\ Sjf The Larrnt A.a«tofBical Uiumn in the \
A f[ World. Uukram or Any cotttricterf A
ti ~"5J li.wlif f*»IH"lr r«r«< liy the cUttt T
® lf£ Stl s P etii;ivt on thc Cosit E»L fi yc»rv O
A £&ti*k 03. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN i
i I ©w5>P Coa-At'xixtam free and strictly pri»«te. \
I OWfl Tr«itmem prnoiially or by letter. A M
t fr rjt B famine C*n in cnty cuxKaderuken. T
r if 11 fit w nte f"f >^» k - raii-onoritir .r A
I (I nV R1KBIAGC, MAILED FXES. ( A T
A <i II »»lu»Wr boek for nn) A
9 Oil. JOBDAX A CO, 10HMarltr>t«t..S. F. V
Ejaa Cwut»i B irritation! or ulceraticnj
/T«bf net « «trtetor.. m of mucom nifmbranes.
P» < rmnk f«uriM. Pain.ee>. and not attrin-
KTaTt'HtEUKSCHtymiCO. • rent or poi«onoui.
\L«A C!KCiKWTl,0 BTM Bold by Drotfhli.
US.*. jfflT or sent In pUin ""PI**;
7<a£3»*Z bT expr»M. Prepaid, for
tHMBta#ifT5 «1.00. or J bottles t2.7i.
P Clrculw «tst ca rtasttt.
Ji ERM££F&' B BFGLMtE^ERb nothing compares with
of the suffering and danger in store for her, robs the expectant mother
of all pleasant anticipations of the coining event, and casts over her a
shadow of gloom which cannot be shaken off. Thousands of women
have found that the use of Mother's Frierid during pregnancy robs
confinement of all pain and danger, and insures safety to life of mother
and child. This scientific liniment is a god-send to all -women at the
time of their most critical trial. Not only does Mother's Friend
carry women safely through the perils of child-birth, but its use
gently prepares the system for the coming event, prevents '•morning
sickness," and other dis- X
comforts of this period. M$Jffl S^^F&JB El^B*&&0£b
« old by al L^ ggi t v SWM^J B FBBLItt CP
$1.00 per bottle. Book - . - ¦ • •
containing valuable information free. B^b B B£n&M S^^k
The Bradfield Regulator Co., Atlanta, G«. S BmM^LsWB^.
THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM.
Prices Quoted II- f~\ THF IYTT V %5%&%\ Our Polioy I
Are for the time the C^an-up (L. J^rA 11 X^ Kj l-T 5 W^% %^%£%d%!!S2& £
Sale continues, ,/ quantities X* A M«1LJJS^i^- <S> * ««« of staple merchandise in *
; , j — i j
' The big Mid-Summer Clean-Up Sales continue with unabated interest. x
Many new lines were added yesterday, other new lines are added to-day 5
and more will be put on sale to-morrow as those already displayed and S
advertised are exhausted. |
Savings on Sale Goods are from 20 to 50 per cent. %
Millinery I Overcotlars We, 14c I White Goods I
_ _.»,,, • r 1- * o An importer « surplus stock comprising more thin mm ••••w w«^««t««i«v •»
Pattern Bab -AH that now remains of the JlS.OO rf , r eollirs from St . India Unon-Vcrr «h eCT , fine texture, nbble for children'. %
to 540.00 hits now reduced to ........ ., o . « i % j j • i t«i dresses, ¦ ladies waists and iui»; an exccilent — -^ .1
. : . . . . . . $6.95 «d $12.00 G^. s 7 zcr1^' t0 - da x and "^ while <}ua i ty;forthe j a]ycIeaa . upttl ; f3c .;
Tr mmed Hats, that wers$i»!oo, new i3.95 qu«natjr JastS, Qf I OSS Mait naff prlCQ. fancy White Goods- A heaTy, dowly made fabric, mercerbed j»
Rough Str«w H «ts, that were 50c, now 25O 3 600 extra fine embroidered iawn ovcrcol- finish, woven ttr'pe* with fancy dou and figures; a <}uality Jt
Re.dy-to-Wear Hats- *. 75 kind $1.23 ] ars> 12 difFcrent 25c ttyles, each. . JOC that we have wld hundreds of pieen at 3 oe • yardj ##? J
F t.^^:'' B F AXr»""\ M T^-ro E '?o"«C 4o°oS™ embroidered kw. co!W., .ome wi,h P-c. . ¦ ¦ ¦ IGO j
mmmm^ mmm^ mmm^ m^ mmm^ m^ mmmmmm^ mmmmmmmmm^^ m Biihop tabs; this season a choicest importations '5
V&Z3*sh yUaS&ivt anc^ most style3, 35c and 50c j
— - m w *** 9 " **" *»•»# value*; e^ch . . . . 14C Tablets- io« and 15c kind., letter and note rzes, now 3*
Starts ana Dresses maw «.- go*^bo «J
§' n™. to 'u.,i, w,w«- IvIenS Furnishings Fencing; Girl Pa pet eric— Full quire of paper and S
of co*c«d' Madras w^ite The Shirt Sale— Hundreds of $ I Golt Shins for men, envelope, in box, for /*C g
, • , . . ' • made Ot woven Madras and colored Percales, In Oxford Note Paper— Ruled or p!ain, i-lb. packagej . . Qc !*
lawns, cheviot vcstmgs . _ , : «.L«ri^ji?rt.w»» •»... I &
, , ¦ , t . an immense assortment of patterns and new color- French Veiour and EngUih Linen Papetsnes— Rsjularly a^c, z
and other popular maten- . , . , , , r . tc now ifin «
*, mM! iu>^: 21'^l'X' p '° mj ' """"'bsc «:!;•;^w^^,;^:^: ...To I
¦ B^-plXcdSh.^-bo-oan^nb;^^ F ,..^, PCTF ,cL 8 . Bc i
SOo York Mill's muslin, cut full lengths and widths; ™""™"^ T^™'^""""'""' •*
Good Value Jl. 50 Waits 29O ClOfMng CICSH'Up %
Good Value >/. 75 Wai 5 t? fi ° Mcn V e Stri P td BaIbri S gan Underwear-Medium weighty Men's AH-WOOl $12.50 XI %
n ;,;,' V * «J U19 jnd $15.00 Business r*. g
Gcod Value (*. 15 Wauts .. Suits — Made of fine worst- (*rS<r
' • • • St. 58 Mat GlCan-Utt e^*» c a " imcrcs an d tweeds; [if '%
¦VtoSlk^^"SSK Men's $1.00 to SL8S Straw Hats-Smooth and rough a complete line from . good J^K^ §
\ polka dot p : ques; all I pretd y braids, odd sizej; c.ean-up price SOo makcr » added to the clean- fQP (\ 5
V made up, strapped, F >F*<* >nd Boys' 4Sc to $U0 Straw Hats — Smooth and rough up sale offer-^kQ* £*jTP \ *£? \ \ «
V\ flounced; a choice assortment, braids, odd sizes; now . . 25O »g «•• • • *****+*** I V \ .«
Ve V7$U50Z$i.98 Boys' 2Sc Gol! Caps-Size, 6^ to 7. only . #7c Men's $17.50 and $20 \\ /»f \ I
Shirt Waist Suits-The ver, newest and stvles Men's $2,0 to $3.00 Dcrbys-Odd ; i 2 cs . $1.50 S^^^ V W^ / \
of lawn, grass hnen, chambray, crash and butcher GlOVe GieZM-Up effects-Sher smooth finish ? P^L/ I
lmC w W^ Sf markcd for the "jfj Ladies' 2-clasp Warking Goves— In colors and or the nobby up-to-date XML W $
S3.0S Wash Dres«fS 1 $2,93 u' i p » t ¦ vi /-i • 1 j t/r luu /HlhiW, 1 «
£5.00 and $6. 2 <; D;est C? $3.98 b.ack; Foster s Lacing Kid Gloves in colors and rough effects— the broken i j
52.15, $2.75, {2.98 Waisu . . £,1.98 black; and fine black Lambskin Gloves with self lines include nearly all sizes IP '»» jg
SilK Waists, Hall 0«— Stylish, made of choice silks, and white stitching; all sizes in this lot; marked —clean-up price $11. 50 %
white, backor color,. for the July clean-up sale pair . 79o fioys' Long Pants Suits-For ages 14 to 19 year,; %
J6.50 \JV»«, now $3.25 $ 900 Waists, now $4.5O Ladl « $'-50 Gloves— French kid, 2 and 3 clasps, colors ox- ' a j~>3- .n wnfl i p.,,:-," am J Cheviots in •«
i7 jo Waist/, now $3.73 10.00 War, now b.'ood, black, pearl and a small quantity of tans; £ love, from ™ de . °\ Jl-WOOl Cassimerei and Cheviots in ,
J3 50 Waists! [now $4 25 12.50 Wahts) now %6.25 the best French makers, such at Alexander and Pe-rin the smgle breasted Style, regularly £7. 50; clean- X
$15.00 WaUts, now $7.5O Fre ct; marked for the Ju'y clean-up, pair QSO up sa!e price $4.95 £
1 ™" g % * TrUn$X&~" 'BaOS ov$ * R u "'* n Bloast Suits— All-wool lergsa; browns, reit, jf
itugSf uarpets ••***»•» *****)** royjl and Uk^ w;th Jarge jailor col]arj> tr j mme d W i h $
We bought, the entire stock of fries, Breslin Co.' s ,2^%' '^VT* t '' Ik * 0Btac J lc . b « y ' f k e«nbroidered emblem* on J
° j^T*/z^/LJv^^~ii*Z3£&£& erea trunic, th:elds and sleeves, knickerbocker trouers; sues tor ages 2 \ 2
famous Monarch Smyrna Rugs (10,000 ofthem) W^^^^^^^^^§^^^% h " TCl !UVC to 7 ytars; injtcal oi $ 6 -5 0 ' for the dean-up «a'e, $3.48 \%
at greatly reduced prices, and during the July E^^^^^^^^^l i'Tanned^ E9..44~ M r+~~~*>~! at 2 F4~ *
clean-up are offering them : JI^R^iRi^^ iron binding. Butter, GrOCerWS, EtC. .5
$i.io size, ,8x36 inches, 77c Sffi 1111 SJ "S ? Friday and Saturday. j;
Si. 50 siz:, 2 i.x 4 c inches, $1.12 • /^^»Sli3H tWl> ccm ' Best Creamery Butter, regular .n
I ¦ c • x. ** j.~ vM^^^dfW^^^^i^- parttienti, size squares, to-day and Sat- %& Zf GJ '2
52.10 siz:, 26x5+ inches, $1.45 Wl^S^^^^^BSF^ «d lull lid urday %
J 2. 7 5 size, 30x60 inches, $1.82 ' - orer tray, Baking Powder— Emporium money-back kind, i-lb. tins for .£
? - V * 4 .00 size, 3 6x 7 Z inches, $2.85 only: Coffet-J.« and Mocha, lb 29o S
Bigdow Lowell Body Drvsscls— Choice of 20 pat- 55.00 ««, 26 inched $3.20 I. X. L Tamales-Bmboneles*, tn fOo $
terns; this famous make of good- wearing carpet, | 5-7S ««, 3«> ™t"» - • • •• S3M tod criip Frbco Lnnch or Champion, lb. Wo *
daring m cl^up sale, while qu.ndtics last^ H.tkmott's Oown As^us-Extra la^e, do«n, ,2" $
/sewed, lined and laid, per yard . . $f a 27 and cornrr clamps, fuU.Saratcga trav; 3 sizes only: tin . . # 2BO J
— «^^—^ i— — i— —^^— ¦ —^^"— $6.00 lize, 26 in. $4.60 $6.75 fizs, 30 !n. $S.3O Best Eastern Cheese — New, rich, lb. 20o Vx
Scotch Oxfords t4o liitSK*, Choi " *" +* *- »"'¦ * *>° %
Anderson's Scotch Oxlords^-Thc 35c and 40c any s-ze from 10 to i7inch:$for . . 350 Extra Asti Claret, *9BZg* jf
qualities; in a full assortment of patterns and j""^ — — —^^^-^^——1—^ "^"1 5 years old, %&\.,&**** •*
colormgs; nothing more stylish for shirts, flk «^i A Champion Whiskey- 8 years eld, gallon .. . $2.4O **
waists and suits; clean-up sale price, y/P JIT *f , '* Oub CocktaU- Martini, Whiskey, Vermonth or Man- *
j WJW** » Jr^4TS> JOy^^MJi^' /tt^M^ m m m *.r^ hattan; regularly 51.25 bottle . . . . i. . . . O8o «5
F« yard . . . f #C &^£rfJhji'Off£/^&fjn[£Jff Sweet Wne.-VeVy oM, rich and fruity-Port, SheTrT or -J
36-mch Percales— The \lV>c and 1 cc kinds; * M Q*^*^ £ EWtS V &SWT*<9>jr£jl k^ Angela, gaDon SI. O5 '^
a lull line of patterns-July clean-up CAUFORn.a-slargest. _J^ „„¦¦ ¦ M,rq Ul tte Rye Whiskey- Regularly^; bottl e 8go 1}
r r J ' r 0% — ruscraSS^St^ American Club Whiskey— Straight good3, gal., S2.00 •"
price, yard . . . 9C -*^^BBMM»' AMETR.CA'SGBANDEST STORE Rarc old Scotch m? ulvA Whiskey, bottle . . $UOO iFreight Train Collides With a Loco
motive and Tears Up the
Track.
SAN JOSE, July 9.— This morning at 6
o'clock an extra freight train from the
south collided with a switch engine at
the Second-street crossing. Both engines
were wrecked, the .track was torn up> for
forty feet and traffic on the road was de
layed for several hours. No one was
hurt. ;'. -a"»- ;
ENGINES ARE WRECKED
IN* CRASH AT CROSSING
CLAREMONT, July 9.— Mra. C. M.
Flake, a wealthy woman of Boston, Mass.,
has presented Pomona College, with $15.
000 to be devoted to the endowment of the
chair .of mathematics in. that institution.
The gift is the second one made to Po
mona College by Mrs. Fiske, she having
given $10,000 recently to the department
of mathematics.
Institution at Pomona Receives a
Second Large Sum From
Mrs. Fiske.
BOSTON WOMAN GIVES
MONEY TO A COLLEGE
SOME interesting statistics have been compiled
by Jhe Boston Globe concerning the extent of
trade carried on in the ten largest cities of the
United States by persons who do business on the
street* and thus save the cost of renting a shop or an
office. The calculation is that in the ten leading cities
of the country the amount of capital invested in such
business enterprises aggregates upward of $10,000,
000 and gives employment to more tha$ 100,000 per
sons.
In this, as in all other kinds of business, New York
holds the foremost place. In that city there are
found to be 32,851 persons engaged in' that kind of
trade, and, though they have more than $3,000,000 of
invested capital, they pay no rent. Chicago is cred
ited with 20,000 such traders, with a capital of $2,000,
000. Philadelphia has about 15,000 street merchants,
having a capital about the same as that of Chicago.
St. Louis, Boston and Baltimore are estimated to
have each about 5000 street traders, with a capital of
$500,000; while Cleveland, Cincinnati, San Francisco
and Buffalo have each about 4500 merchants of that
kind, and in each there is employed a capital esti
mated at about $400,000. 'il+X-i
In nearly every one of the cities named the laws
prescribe that a' man cannot establish a business on
a street corner unless he have a wagon, horse and
harness. It is estimated that these represent a value
of at least $3,000,000. Flower, fruit and boot
blacking stands add large sums to the total. Then
in some cities there are quite a number of restaurants
run in the open, the trade done by •them is enor-
TRADE WITHOUT RENT.
In the latest development of the oriental situation
even China must be able to see the sardonic humor
of the predatory nations. Japan has commanded Pe
king not to yield to Russian demands. If the Chinese
obey Japan they will offend Russia. If they submit
to Russia they will have Japanese wrath about their
ears. And if they d6 nothing they will antagonize
both. To say that China is on the horns of a
dilemma is only to express mildly the condition of
affairs.
SANTA CRUZ, July 9.-The Twin Lakes
Baptist Assembly - will open in this city
on July 19, and will continue until Aug
ust 2. David P. Ward, tne president, is
here from Pasadena making arrange
ments. The' programme contains the
names of a number of prominent men
of the denomination.";
The boys' and girls' Bible classes are to
be led by the Rev. B. B. Jacques of the
chapel car Emmanuel; the teachers' nor
mal training class by the Rev. A. P.
Brown of Fresno and the Bible studies
by the Rev. A. J. Frost and the Rev. W.
B. Hinson of San Diego.
Prominent Members of the De
nomination to Gather at
Santa Cruz.
BAPTIST CLERGYMEN
WILL HOLD ASSEMBLY
IT is interesting to read that Wisconsin has just
authorized the creation of a Commission of
Forestry to take charge of the problem of re
foresting the State.
Primitively Wisconsin was clothed with fine for
ests. The white pine belt which covered both the
peninsulas of Michigan crossed Wisconsin into Min
nesota, arrd was originally the greatest forest of
conifers on that side of the continent. Men who saw
it before ax, saw and fire had marred it thought
that it was inexhaustible and indestructible. Through
it ran growths of white, red, black and burr oak,
and hard and soft maple and other timber that was
sheltered by the prevalent pine. But where is that
forest now? It is gone as completely as if shaved off
the earth's face by a glacial razor.
The northern peninsula of Michigan, once so
charmingly sylvan, is now a cold desert. The pine
forest grew in a layer of soil over sand. The fires
have burned this soil away and left the sand, in
which nothing grows. In Wisconsin white pine, all
the oak, maple and ash are gone.
In the sumptuous days of the rich pine forests the
lumber-jacks looked with contempt on the linn, lin
den or basswood, which grew there in great abun
dance. It was a soft wood with a mucilaginous cam
bium and bark, and bore a lovely flower, but was
"no good" 'in the eye of the forest assassin. But
now the. Wisconsin lumberman has turned his atten
tion to the despised basswood, and, sawed into sid
ing, rustic and other merchantable lumber, it has fol
lowed the nobler families of the forest to market,
and often even the basswood is gone.
. Wisconsin has waked up and appointed a Commis
sion of Forestry!
We are sleeping in California while our forests are
being destroyed. The end will come quicker than it
did in Wisconsin, and the results will be more dis
astrous because of the aridity of our climate. But
to talk about it seems to be .useless. The peop\ are
indifferent, the Legislature more so, and the tree,
"the mother of the fountain," is dying in the fire
while the ungrateful who drink of the living water she
has preserved for them look on and offer no preven
tion of the martyrdom.
Wisconsin took millions out of her forests, but to
repair the damage wrought by their destruction will
cost her two dollars for every one she made.
CONTEMPLATES ISSUING
PHILIPPINE CERTIFICATES
Insular Bureau of the War Depart
ment Has Flans Now Un
der Consideration.
WASHINGTON. July 9.— An Issue of
$3,000,000 Philippine certificates of indebt
edness is to be made by the Insular
Bureau of the War Department if the
plans now under consideration are car
ried out. The terms on which the issue
will be made are essentially the same as
those of the issue of several months ago.
Subscriptions for the amount will be in
vited and the bids will be opened after
due advertisement, probably some weeks
from this time.
SAVING FORESTS TOO LATE.
NEW YORK, July 9.— The following
Californians are in New York: From
San Francisco— J. J. Fleming and H. Par
rish, at the Murray Hill; V. A. Ermerlns
and J. F. Ermerins, at the Kensington;
W. A. llynard, at the Broadway Cen
tral; I. Miller. G. R. Bennett and Mrs.
C. C. Bennett, at the Hoffman; Miss M.
O'Brien and Miss E. W. Riffner, at the
Grand Union; G. A. Rausford, at the Bel
vedere; W. W. Treat, at the Ashland.
From Los Angeles— T. Hughes and wife
and G. Hughes and wife, at the Hoff
man.
From Santa Clara— A. B. Conklln, at the
Grand Union.
From San Diego— J. E. Boa!, at the As
tor.
Californians in New York.
It is well that on her practice spins the Shamrock
III is showing to advantage. The experience will
serve as a pleasant memory and a consolation to
Lipton after the Reliance has shown him her heels
and he will have before him the problem whether
or not it is wise to try again.
GRASS VALLEY, July 9.— The Grass
Valley Sportsmen's Club held Its annual
picnic and camp stew In the .woods below
this city to-day. Over 300 -members and
guests were present, many coming from
Marysville and Sacramento and some
from Oakland and San Francisco. Among
the distinguished \isitors were City At
torney Franklin K. Lane of San Fran
cisco and Secretary of State Cypry.
For breakfast 500 pounds of trout were
served. During the day sports and pigeon
shooting occupied the time. An important
feature of the afternoon was the camp
stew, for which hundreds of doves had
been brought in by sportsmen. This event
Is Important in this part of the State. It
is strictly invitational and always well
attended.
MERRY SPORTSMEN DINE
ON TROUT AND DOVES
Grass Valley Club Holds Annual
Picnic and Provides Delec
table Stew.
M. Mlhalovitch, a merchant of Cincin
nati, arrived in the city yesterday and Is
stopping at the Palace.
Mayor Schmitz went to Mount Tamal
pals yesterday for a short vacation and
will return to his duties to-morrow.
James Bardln, a large property owner
of Salinas, is among the latest arrivals
at the Grand. </•
Judge J. C. B. Hebbard leaves Sunday
for Eureka, where he will spend several
weeks.
Dr. S. B. Gordon of Salinas is at the
Grand. ,
Victor Woods, State Surveyor General,
is at the Lick.
H. B. Stabler, a merchant of Yuba City,
Is at the Lick.
R. H. Herron. an oil man of Los An
geles, is at the Palace.
C. B. Jillson. a capitalist of Napa. is
registered at the Grand.
Dr. and Mrs. McCleary of New York
are registered at the Palace.
J. B. Treadwell, a mining man of Ne
vada City, is a guest at the Lick.
I. S. Robinson, a manufacturer "of cut
lery of Rochester, is at the California.
PEG WOFFINGTON — Valambrosa,
Mendoclno. Cal. Margaret, or Peg. Wof
flngton was a celebrated Irish actress,
born in Dublin October 18, 1720; died at
Teddington March 2S. 17S0. She was the
daughter of a bricklayer. She appeared
as Polly Peacham, with a company of
children, when but 12 years of age and
made her appearance as a mature actress
in Dublin in 1737. as Ophelia. Until 1740
she played a wide range of characters.
In the last named year she appeared as
Sylvia at Covent Garden in the "Recruit
ing Officer." Her success was great and
the singing and the finish of the mala
characters she assumed made the for
tunes of the theaters she played in. It
was stated at one time that she had mar
ried Garrick. but there was no foundation
for this. She was stricken with paraly
sis while playing Rosalind, May 3, 1757,
and never appeared again on the stage.
Freight Car Causes Boy's Death.
SAN JOSE. July 9.— Joseph Lockwood,
a boy about 14 years of age. was run over
by a freight train at Irvington this morn-
Ing and had a leg cut off. He was
brought to this city and died at Saint
Luke's Hospital shortly before noon. His
father conducts a hotel at Irvington. but
was formerly in business here.
Townsend'a California glace fruits and
candies. 50c a pound, in artistic fire
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market St.. above Call bldg.*
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •
PERSOiNAL MENTION.
MORE than a week has gone by since the
Iowa Democratic Convention knocked Bry
anism down and dragged it out, with every
evidence of liking the job, and Mr. Bryan has not
been heard from. The strongest Bryan paper in the
State, the Dubuque Telegraph-Herald, which read
anti-Bryan Democrats out of the party until that
old Democratic Gibraltar went Republican, incoher
ently and with some he-hysterics, and an air of
"PleasT forget." accepts the discovery that its idol
has clay feet, and, after a brief lamentation, falls in.
Where is "the voice" that used to make the
Platte tremble' The party has had a long attack of
aberration of mind. Mr. Bryan was the aberration. .
Many will recall a? a more than occasional ex
perience a man suffering from some brain trouble
who is sent to the asylum where he "sees things."
He fancies he is a locomotive and can be stopped
only by a red light: or he is Moses leading Israel
through the wilderness. Such afflicted persons have
been known to think they were women, and their
fantastic illusions have carried them through mater
nal duties. E\erybody sympathizes with such a man
when he comes back "cured," but still -everybody
:s afraid he will "get 'em again."
The Democratic party began to see things ten
years age and got worse until in 1896 it took Bryan
for a statesman, and 16 to 1 as the divine ratio, and
went stick, stark, staring mad. It may be getting
better of this affliction, of which everybody is glad,
but everybody is afraid it will "get 'em again."
The party has a singular history of failure to see
clearly in great crises. In the last half century the
country has passed . through two capital crises.
Prior to the Civil War the Democratic party had
practically shaped the policy of the republic since
1801. Its rule was interrupted during all that time
only by the election of Adams in 1824, of Harrison in
1840 and Taylor in 1848. The party made a credit
able financial reco r d, thanks to Jackson, and in the
main abided by its straight-laced notions of consti
tutional construction and its laissez faire idea of
government. But when the great crisis of 1861 came,
and men had to elect to support or oppose the Union,
the Democratic party had an attack. of aberration of
mind and went wrong. It saw visions in which
Lincoln \vaj> a Xero, Grant a Caesar; but Jeff Davis
was Washington, and Lee a mixture of Israel Put
nam, Horatio Gates and Anthony Wayne.
The party refused to follow its national leaders
then and march behind Douglass to the music of
the Union, but instead it put on butternut clothes,
wore the heid of Liberty cut out of an old copper
cent for jewelry, and got drunk when the Confed
erates had a victory. In its conventions it
'amented the coercion of States, the death and
burial of liberty, and in every possible way made a
I00I of itself. In spite of it the Union was saved,
but its hallucinations continued until Vallandigham
himself, in the convention at Dayton, Ohio, took a
new departure, acknowledged the restoration of the
Union and the constitutionality of the constitution,
and the party began to emerge from its fantastics.
In short, it got back from the asylum, and while the
neighbor? did not like to remind it that it had been
crazy, they did not care to do business with it for
irar that it might "get 'cm again."
The Dayton platform was adopted in 1866, but the
country required eighteen years after that to get
confidence enough in the soundness of Democracy's
mind to intrust it with the Presidency. Mr. Cleve
land, in whom the people had confidence, looked the
cra?y thing over and declared he could keep it
from hurtinjr itself or the country. He undertook
the job, and in the second great crisis, when the pub
lic credit ebbed, the treasury was near bankruptcy,
the Government was about to become insolvent and
ruin could be averted only* by sound financiering, the
old thing went crazy again, ran away from Cleveland
and whooped and hollered up and down the road un
til it £ot everybody scared.
Yet Mr. Cle\'cland only wanted to enforce the
ideas of Jefferson and Jackson as to the standard of
value. His ideas and plans were exactly and se
verely Democratic, but the mad party knew not the
jound of its own voice.
N'ow it has got back to where it was when the
Dayton platform was adopted. It is back from an
other turn in the asylum. The folks are gUd to see
it home again and hope it is well, but really they feel
•tiioicious and don't want to do business with it
WHERE IS THE VOICE?
The President, in replying to the ad
dress, said the visit to London had given
him the opportunity of discovering once
more that greater justice was done to
France abroad than she did to herself at
home. The impression which he had
brought back was profoundly satisfactory
and he felt patriotic joy in proclaiming
it aloud. M. Loubet concluded with ex
pressing the hope that peaceful accord
would gradually supersede conflicts, to
the great benefit of France and to hu
manity.
CALAIS. France, July 9.— President
Loubet met with a great reception here
to-day on his return to French soil from
big crowds of people. At the public re
ception which followed the President's ar
rival here the speakers congratulated M.
Loubet on trje happy results of his visit
to England.
PLEASED WITH HIS VISIT.
DRUIDICAL REMAINS— J. P.. City. A
number of Druldical remains exist In
England and in Northern France. One
of these is in Salisbury, Wiltshire, and is
believed to be the ruins of a very largo
temple. On an open plain there are 650
large blocks of stone. One hundred are
set on end around a large area,
inclosed by a dep mound. The
area within is twenty-eight acres
In extent. It is supposed from appear
ance of the stones that within this large
circle there were two smaller circular
temples. These ruins have existed in
their present condition from the earliest
records of English history. There are
also Druidlc ruins at Carnac. in Brit
tany, Mount St. Michel. France, and
Stonehenge, on Salisbury Plain, England.
CHATTEL, MORTGAGE— A. M., Angela.
Cal. A chattel mortgage is the most com
mon form of collateral security. It is an
Instrument In the nature of a pledge and
conditional sale, to become absolute and
vest the title to the thing mortgaged,
without redemption, upon a breach of any
of its conditions. The chattels must have
an existence at the time the mortgage is
executed and must be correctly and truly
described. Subsequently acquired prop
erty will not be affected by It, and neither
of the parties will have any power to sub
stitute other property for that which was
.originally covered by the mortgage. The
mortgage must be given to secure a cer
tain indebtedness therein explained and
cannot be extended so as to become a
lien for the amount of another and differ
ent Indebtedness.
SALES BY SAMPLES— A. M.. Angels,
Cal. The general rule of sale by samples
is that there has been an implied if not
a direct understanding that the good.* to
be delivered shall be of the same kind an<i
quality as the sample. The purchaser, if
the goods do not prove equal to the sam
ple, may return them, or may keep them
and recover the difference In value. TLe
purchaser Is entitled to a reasonable tlma
to examine the goods after delivery and
the right to use so much as may be act
ually necessary to ascertain If they con
form to the samx>Ie.
CATARRH— Dally Reader. Salinas, Cal.
Catarrh, according to medical books, is
curable if treated at the inception of the
trouble, but when it is allowed to run, and
becomes chronic, the chances are against
a permanent cure. A newspaper cannot
suggest any remedy, as each case depends
upon the condition of the Individual suf
ferer.
OF the irrepressible war between Chicago and
St. Louis the country has heard much, and
long since learned to care little. There has
grown up in the public mind a conviction that the
controversy will never amount to more than, a blow
ing of horns and a beating of tom-toms. From that
serene state the American people must now be
aroused. The warring parties are indeed not yet
ready to engage in actual fight, but they are seek
ing to bring other cities into line on one side or the
other, with the .evident intention to so. arrange mat
ters that when the struggle breaks out in arms the
whole United States will be involved in civil war.
The facts are these: For some time past there has
been more or less typhoid in St. Louis, and the au
thorities of the city have contended that the evil is
due solely to the dumping of Chicago water into the
Mississippi River through the medium of the fa
mous drainage canal. For the purpose of prevent
ing Chicago from using the canal for sewer purposes
a suit has been brought in the proper courts and is
now "being heard. St." Louis has presented an awful
array of evidence concerning the impurities poured
forth into the Mississippi by the canal, and she has
also presented evidence of the existence of typhoid
within her confines ever since the canal water began
to mingle with the water of the big river.
Such a showing was something of a shock to Chi
cago, and she set about rebutting it. A New Eng
land scientist, name not given in the reports, was
called in to knock the St. Louis case silly, and he has
done so.. Incidentally he has alsp bowled over
Baltimore, and now there is a roar from the shores of
the Chesapeake. It appears that the unnamed
scientist from New England went on the stand and
testified that the typhoid in St. Louis was caused not
by the Chicago drainage, but by germs imported in
Baltimore oysters. He added that these germs, once
located upon lips by the process of eating oysters,
would be diffused through the city by the process
of kissing. . It will be readily understood that such
ja. statement set up as a defense for Chicago has been
highly .exasperating to Baltimore, where oysters and
kisses have been regarded as genuine luxuries well
suited to one another and absolutely harmless, no
matter how mixed or mingled.
Baltimore is very rightly protesting against the
effort of Chicago to defend a drainage canal by set
ting up the declaration that the waters are better and
safer than oysters and kisses. The whole people of
the United States will sympathize with Baltimore in
her efforts to refute the slander. Chicago has, in
fact, gone too far. She may if she will teach her
own youth that sausages and a handshake in Chicago
are better than oysters and kisses in St. Louis,. but
she should hot go so far as to put up a scientist to
swear on the stand that the generality of oysters and
kisses are more pestilential than drainage water.
A SPREADING WAR.
HIGHEST POINT— A. R.. City. Ac
cording to the records of the Ucitel
States Geological Survey the highest
point in the United States is Mount Whit
ney. Alaska, 20.646 feet; the next highest
point Is Mount Whitney, in California,
14.89S feet.
F^A\CZ7.T.~7..7..T~. ...JULY ro, io7j*
JOHN D. SFRECKELS, Proprietor.
t cdrezs Atl Ccmmunlcatlons to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
A«k fcr THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You With the Department You Wish. . ,
rt'BLICATIOX OFFICE Market and TUIrd. S. F.
EDITORIAL ItOOJIS 217 to 221 StereaioB St.
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Cts. Per Week, 73 Cts.
Per Month. Single Copies 3 Cents.
Terras br Mali. Including Postage (Cash With OtJmI:
OAILT CALL dncludlnr Sunday), one ynr fK.OO
DAILT CALL, (including Sunday). « month» 4.OO
DAILY OAJLL— B> Sln*L Month 73c
SUNDAY CALU Cm« Tear s - 5t »
NVEEK.LT CALL. One Tear 1 -°°
f Dallr... fS.SO Per Tear Extra
FCHEIG:; POSTAGE < Sunday.. 4.15 Per Year Kxtr*
I Vieckly.. 1.OO Per Year Extr»
AJI PeitoaKen arc authorised to recelr*
¦nbacrlpttons.
Saaple eoplea will be forwarded when requested.
Uatl subscriber* in erterim; chanr* of address should be
particular to clve both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
w> Incur* a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OTFICG.
Ills Uroodnnj Telephone Main 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE.
C14S Center Street Telephone North 77
C. CCOIlCr KROGXES5. Manager Foreign Adter
tftiuK. llarqarlte UiiII.IIur, Chicago.
<Lcrg Distance Telephcna "Central 261».'-'»
IIIHACH OFFICES— StTT Montgomery, eoru^r of Clay. cp«a
taitll t:50 o'clock. 800 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. CM
ftlcAUictrr. cp*» uctll 9 :3O o'clock. CIS Larkln. open until
*90 o'clock. 1M1 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2281
Market, earner Sixteenth, open until 8 o'clock. 1008 Va-
Vn<-ia. cr«r. until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until »
t clock. KW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
mill » o'cicck. 2200 FV.lmore. open until » o'clock.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIKG TOWN FOR THE SUMMER
r»H Bttl»«ertfcer* eonteranls'lnje n ehanee of
residence dnrlnc the Hummer months can have
<hrlr pnpe-r forwarded br moll to their new
atfCreaaea br notifying The Call Hu>lnr«t Office.
Vhla paper will alao be on «ale at all smmmer
resort* and t» represented .?>- a local agent In
•ill lo«p« on the roant. -
YOKOHAMA TO NEW YORK-D. A.
D.. Latrobe. Cal. It takes a letter twenty
days to reach New York from Yokohama
via San Francisco. The distance trav
eled is 734S miles.
The Governor of California has at last an official
residence in which to rest his august person and to
receive visitors who believe that California is on the
map of self-respecting States. The structure should
be made an object of general interest to which Cali
fornians may point with pride as an evidence of a new
era in decency in public affairs.
STATE ELECTIONS-A. O. S.. City.
There will be State elections this year la
Kentucky. Maryland. Massachusetts,
Mississippi, Missouri, New Jersey. Ohio
and Rhode Island.
Mrs. L. L. Baker Is at the Hotel Rafael,
where she will spend the remainder of
the present month, after which she will
visit Tahoe or Monterey.
Miss Austin of Alameda is the guest of
Miss Mabel Toye at San Rafael.
Mr. and Mrs. Harry Dlbblee are at
Bolinas.
Jack Carrlgan is the guest of his broth
er. Lieutenant Clarence Carrigan, at Fort
Baker, prior to his departure for China.
Dr. Ttlton Tlllman. recently of the City
and County Hospital, and Miss Josephine
Tlllman left last Monday for a two years'
trip to Europe. Dr. Tillman will pursue
his medical studies in Vienna and Berlin.
Captain William . R. Smedberg, son of
Colonel Smedbergr, will be in San Fran
cisco until August 1, when he will sail
with his regiment for the Philippines.
A pleasant surprise. to San Franciscans
is the news that Miss Theresa Dinkel
spiel and Edward Kalisher, both of this
city, were married in London Saturday.
The bride is a daughter of the late L.
Dlnkelspiel and has been traveling abroad
with her mother for a year or two. The
groom Is a well-known business man. Mr.
and Mrs. Kalisher will return to San
Francisco in early autumn.
Uncle George T. Bromley and Slg Stein
hart presided alternately. Interesting re
marks were made by Reuben H. Lloyd,
George C. . Chismore, Benjamin R. Swan,
Henry Marshall, Sylvain Weill. S. D.
Brastow, E. Gallols. William D. English.
Ryland B. Wallace. Lucius H. Foote and
Hugh M. Burke. The last named, on be
half of J. C. Wilson, presented the guest
of the evening with a beautiful cylinder of
leather, wherein four bottles of cut glass
were Incased. Mr. Weill acknowledged
the receipt of the gift in happy style.
Before the company dissolved, Raphael
Weill commissioned Uncle George T.
Bromley to spread a breakfast at the club
on Sunday, August 16, and to Invite
whomsoever he pleased to the feast. At
that time Mr. Weill will be in Paris, but
the submarine cable will enable him to
render Uncle George such support as the
occasion may suggest. The breakfast on
August 16 may be the "first skirmish of
the Grand Army Encampment, which
opens on the 17th.
Raphael Weill leaves the city to-day for
Paris. He expects to come home about
Thanksgiving time, j At the Bohemian
Club last evening some of his friends gave
him an Informal farewell dinner. In the
preparation and service of the feast the
club's chef achieved a cullinary triumph.
After the bisque and again after the fish
the company drank to the health of the
cook. Several of the ingredients of the
dinner were transported from Puget
Sound and the Columbia River under the
immediate direction of S. D. Brastow.
At the moment of leaving British soil I am
anxious to address to your Majesty an expres
sion of my liveliest gratitude for the hearty
reception your Majesty ana her Majesty the
Queen, the royal family and the British nation
extended to me as the representative of France,
the friend of England.
King Edward's reply was as follows:
LONDON. July 9. — President Loubet. Calais.
France: The kind words of your telegram
touched me greatly. We are all delighted that
your visit pleased you. It is my most ardent
desire that the rapprochement of our two coun.
tries should be. lasting. EDWARD R. I.
Upon his arrival at Dover M. Loubet
embarked on the French cruiser Gulchen
and the vessel sailed at once to Calais,
escorted by a British torpedo flotilla and
followed by farewell salutes from the
fleet and castle. Before his departure
from Dover President Loubet telegraphed
to King Edward, thanking him for his
hearty reception. The text of M. Loubefs
telegram to the King is as follows:
LONDON. July 9.— Despite the earliness
of his departure, the route from St. James
place to the railroad station was crowded
and British "hurrahs" and French shouts
of "Vive Loubet" re-echoed throughout
the streets. When President Loubet en
tered the station he was met by the King
and the Prince of Wales, the Duke of
Connaught, Premier Balfour, other Min
isters, members of the French embassy
and a crowd of military and other of
ficials.
As M. Loubefs carriage drew up King
Edward advanced with outstretched hand
and, taking the President familiarly by
the arm, led him through the waiting
room to the royal car. For a few min
utes the King and President stood talk
ing with much animation. King EdwaJ-d
grasped M. Loubefs right hand and
shook it with extreme cordiality, while
with the left he patted the President on
the shoulder. Official as well as amateur
artists could be seen in all directions se
curing snapshots of the striking scene.
After renewed handshaking his Maj
esty showed" the President into the royal
car and stood chatting with him until the
train pulled out amid cheers and shouts
of "Vive Loubet," mingled with the
strains of the "Marseillaise." President
Loubet stood at a window of the car
waving his handkerchief in his gloved
hand until the royal special disappeared
from view.
WHITE AND CHINESE— L.. D.. Oak
land, Cal. Marriages between whites ar.a
Chinese are void In Arizona, California,
Mississippi, Oregon and Utah.
CLUBMEN GIVE
A BANQUET TO
RAPHAEL WEILL
LONDON CHEERS
FOR FRENCH
PRESIDENT
Whether the schools and the universities can do
anything to rouse that class of citizens may be doubt
ful, but it will be well for them to try. Under our
governmental system civic virtue is of such impor
tance that we can well afford to resort to every
means to inculcate it. There can be no genuinely
gocd government where intelligent and loyal citi
zens arc indifferent to political duties, and that truth
can never be too often preached nor too thoroughly
taught.
QUITE a notable portion of the discussions at
the various educational meetings of the year
has been devoted to consideration of the
very tvident need of a better type of citizenship than
that which prevails among us. It has been sug
gested that the universities can do much to instill
a larger amount of civic virtue among its graduates,
and that the public schools can be made a means of
diffusing a similar sentiment among the general
masses of the people. There appears to have been
nowhere any dispute at all as to the. need of some
such training. In that respect educators agree that
the education they have been providing falls short of
the needs of the country and the time.
The issue of course is not a new one. The com
plaint now being made by the professors and the
teachers at their conferences has been made often
enough before by the press, by statesmen and by
preachers. The only new feature added by the edu
cational conferences is the suggestion that school
and college training can be made serviceable in pro
moting the desired increase of civic patriotism and
political interest among all classes of citizens.
One of the best addresses on the subject was that
made at the recent conference of the State Educa
tional Association of Pennsylvania by Professor Ed
munds of the Central High School of Philadelphia.
He began by saying: "The characteristics of the
ideal citizen may be classified as three — interest, in
telligence and loyalty. Any two of these without the
other will produce an unbalanced citizen, whose
very strength along one or another line may
be a source of danger to the community. It is the
combination of interest and intelligence without loy
alty that gives us the 'grafter,' or corruptionist,
whose masterly skill in'the lobbying of vicious legis
lation is the amazement and despair of our time. It
is the union of interest and loyalty without intelli
gence that gives us the mob, whose reason is over
swayed by the passionate appeal of the demagogue
into acts of violence and lawlessness. The citizen
who combines loyalty and intelligence without inter
est is a frequent type in our cultured classes, and
his lassitude and indifference to political and social
evils is a serious menace to the safety of the state."
It is the citizen of the third of Professor Ed
munds' classification whose problem is of most in
terest. The grafters will have to be dealt with by
law rather than by education. The mob very rarely
affects American politics. The citizen of intelligence
and of loyalty, who lacks interest in public affairs, is
the man upon whose shoulders rests most of the
blame for bad government in State and municipal
politics. He could save the situation if he would.
The problem is to determine how to get him to
do it.
Argument, exhortation and even invective have
been tried time and again to rouse the typical "good
citizen" to a sense of his duty in political affairs, but
nearly always with but little success. Sometimes a
spirit of reform stirs a community, and then we have
a fairly full vote, but ordinarily the vote is light and
the gangs of the bosses have little or no difficulty in
carrying a sufficient number of offices to give them
a virtual control of the municipality. Even when the
reform movement is successful it passes quickly and
makes no permanent impression upon the course of
political life, so that Professor Edmunds was right
in saying: "The American has not proven himself
capable as yet of an abiding and permanent devotion
to the daily business of the Government. Our ideals
are industrial and economic, rather than political, and
there is probably not one of us that would not read
an account of the personality of J. Pierpont Morgan
in preference to the work of the daily proceedings of
the municipal council."
We are soon to have a municipal election in San
Francisco, and we shall then have once more an op
portunity to put to the test of actual trial the virtue
of our intelligent and loyal citizens. It is a foregone
conclusion that a considerable number of them will
be found wanting in public interest. They will talk
of good government, they will sincerely desire to
have it provided, but they will not vote either at the
primaries or on election day. It appears that no
amount of argument can ever convince them of the
truth of the statement that their "lassitude and in
difference to political and social evils is a serious
menace to the safety of the state."
ELEMENTS OP CITIZENSHIP.
mcus, but of course there is no way of arriving at
an accurate estimate of the whole. In New York it
is calculated that the street trade of one kind and
another amounts to $2,000,000 annually.
From these small ventures there have emanated
some of the foremost merj of business of our time.
They get a start without paying rent, but once started
they find the street corner too 'small for their en
terprise, and ere long are doing a business that re
quires a whole building for their stock. The street
stand, in fact, does not look very big, but for the right
man "there's millions in it."
SOME ANSWERS
TO QUERIES BY
CALL READERS
TBE SAN FBANCJSCO\ CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 10, 1903.
Kentucky authorities have given the death blow
to pugilism. This is in perfect harmony with Ken
tuckian notions of a fair fight. A dark night, an un
armed, unsuspecting victim, a shot in the back, and,
in the mischance of detection.-perjury. in the courts,
seem to be the elements of a square, honest; fight in
Kentucky. V k \ : .
HONOLULU. July 9.— The agents of the
various steamship companies running to
this port have petitioned the national au
thorities at- Washington , for a modifica
tion of the order , requiring the examina
tion'here of through baggage by customs
officials. The alleged unnecessary delay
to the steamers is the chief reason urged
against the new Government regulation.
Petition for Repeal of Customs Bule.
6
:oE©coa©soBon«soa©soaoE03onoseson©aoaoa©n©B«;
I MOST AUDACIOUS BOOK OF TBE YEAR j
I -^ The Spenders =ii
[ BY HAKBY LEON WESON. \
J This clever and extremely down-to-date story — a daring: study «
\ in contrast — the West against the East |
j I NEXT SUNDAY CAlXI j
I The Only Paper in America Giving Its Subscribers f.
\ ABSOLUTELY FREE j
I Any or All of That Wonderful Series of Colored Art Masterpiece*, *
I BRYSON'S BEAUTIFUL WOMEN j
I Which Have Made the Artist World Famous. This Is Because Bry- "
a son Personally Superintends the Reproduction of All
j* His Pictures by the Costliest and Mcst Remark-
I able Color Process Ever Invented. This Is
I j Also the Reason That Most of His I
I Pictures Are Known by Their *
* Cardinal Colors. i
I Beginning NEXT SUNDAY, July 12 1
¦ You Will Get the Whole Series of Six in Rapid Succession. The I
I • . First Will B« j
jl LOVE'S CONFIDENCE"!
iea«ieiOB«B0B*fl9a9goB»flO8oaoa»2OB9i«a»a&aoB»iHarry Leap conducts a saloon at Fourth
and Market streets and James Healey is
his bartender. Otto Kotelman, who
knows Leap, went into the saloon on
Wednesday during Healey's absence and
told Leap that Healey owed him $30 for
a bet on. the Hanlon-Yanger fight and he
wanted the money. Leap gave him $30
and when Healey returned he denied
that he had any bet with Kotelman on
that fight or any other fight. Yesterday
Leap secured a warrant from Police
Judge Conlan for Kotelman's arrest on a
charge of obtaining money by false pre
tenses, i > ; ,'¦¦
Tricked a Saloon-Keeper.
We will not concede that an employe has a
right to Inquire into the employer's books to
ascertain how much in the Judgment of the em.
ploye the employer can afford to pay. This
company will not submit to a stand-up by
threats or otherwise on the theory that the
company is making or losing money, nor ad
mit that anything prior to Its acquisition can
in any case be inquired into or the amount of
Its investment. For the protection of itself
and all employers of labor, it definitely declines
to oiscuss with the f-mploj-fts its ability to pay
or the amount of its profits. If any. In th<>
business. The company contends that the ap
plication of the principle that employes can ex
amine the employer and his books or inquire
oh to his ability to pay would be dangerous as
a precedent and would tend to harass and em.
barrass all employers of labor leaving the
wage question wholly in the power of the em
ploye.
During the afternoon session President
Arthur Holland was placed on the stand.
He also refused to answer any questions
In reference to the company's earnings.
Among other questions Holland refused
to answer was whether the circular'pub
llshed by Brown Brothers of New York
in 1901 stating that the company was cap
able of paying 5 per cent dividends on a
capitalization of $40,000,000 was true.
Manager Chapman closed the day by
giving the average earnings of the car
men employed on the McAllister street
line.
The hearing goes on at 10 this morning.
MOORE'S OBJECTION.
Sudden Death of George Patrick.
George Patrick, a retired merchant
aged Stf yearn, died suddenly yesterday
afternoon at his residence. 1632 Sacramen
to street. He was a widower.
Doings of the smart set down at Santa
Barbara. In tho Wasp. •
BONDED INDEBTEDNESS.
I am powerless at this stage of the cause to
do more than offer to prove certain facts by
this witness should the arbitration commission
in pes^lne upen his declination to answer rule
that he nhould testify to whatever is relevant
and material under the aeslened reason of
which I have made mention.
I formally ur«e that the arbitration commis
•lon ehall direct thc witness to ari«w*r the
questions h« has already .declined to arfswrr,
and to answer such additional questions as may
be put to him provide 0T tending to prove the
propositions I may outline.
The propositions were twenty in num.
ber, the principal one being as follows:
That in lOCC the United Railroads acquired
the various properties of the Market-street
Railway' Company, the* Sutler-street Railway
Comjiany. the t?utro Hailroad Company and the
San Fraijcisoo and tfan Mateo Electric Railway
Conr.i>any. The properties so acquired were
subject to a bonded indebtedness tts follows:
Market-street Railway Company $ 5,141. C00
Market-street Cable Itailway Com
pany 3,000.000
Omnibus Cable Company.. 2,000.1)00
Powell-street Railway Company TOO.OuO
Ferries and Cliff House Railway
Company 650,000
Park and Cliff Hous"" Railway Com
pany , ¦. .150,000
Park and Ocean Railroad Company. SftO.OOO
Sutter-street Railway Company . l.OOO.uOo
Total indebtedness $13,001,000
I<e?s $17,000 of the bond Issue of the Market
street Railway Company remaining In the
treasury of that company.
This bended Indebtedness was In excess of
the actual cost of the properties upon which it
rested.
Secretary Willcutt refused to either
deny or affirm this statement, and then
Attorney Moore made the following ob
jection:
Argument between Attorneys Moore
and Livernash, representing the United
Railroads and the carmen's union, re
spectively, took up most of the session of
Commissioner Murasky's court yesterday.
The street car corporation still Ukes
the stand that the prosperity or depres
sion of traffic business has nothing to do
with the wage* of employes, and conse
quently none of its officials will testify
concerning nor are any books opened to
show the earnings of the company. TRIb
action on the yart of the United R&U
roads is looked upon by Livernaish ?.i un
fair. "You have no right," he argued,
"to close your books and seal the lips of
your officials." On the other hand. At
torney Moore contends thut if the arbi
trators wish or order the company to pro
duce its books It will consent to do so.
"But if they ehould ever make such an
order," s?a!u Moore, "rest assured there
will bo no more boards of arbitration.
No corporations are going to throw open
their books to their employes and allow
them to decide themselves whether they
are entitled to more money."
The" first witness called by Livernash
was Secretary Willcutt of the United
Railroads. Wtlleutt *UU refused to an
swer any questions where the value of
the company's property was involved.
This action on the part of Willcutt
aroused the ire of Llvernash, who made
the following statement:
My purpose In recalling Mr. Willcutt to the
witness xtanJ was to obUin from him evidence
•uppurllng the fourth reaeon assigned in our
uu«nins pleading tur the increasu vl wages
sought by those members of the Amttrgamated
AfeFocUtjcn of .Street Hallway Employes ot
America. Division No. £00. who are In the ser
vice of the L'ntuM Kailroad!<. Howsver, he has
b«n advised by Mr. Moore, counsel for the
United Kailroad:-. to decline to answer ques
tion* put to him in that regard, and haa signi
fied It to be his Intention to do as Mr. Moore
has advised.
H. J. Jardln, president of the Point Lo
bo" Improvement Club, urged that the
Residence dictrict. at Richmond was not
the place for the location of a brick-mak
ing concern. He said that the company
proposed to use crude petroleum and that
It would cause a nuisance. On behalf of
the members of the Point Lobos Improve
ment Club the president requested that
the permit asked for by the Golden Gate
Brick Company be denied.
Ex-County Clerk W. A. Deane also pro
tested against the contemplated location
of the plant and similar protest was made
by Charles Hubbs, president of the Rich
mond District Improvement Club.
Fred Dodd, manager of the Golden Gate
Brick Company, and W. Uridge, its pres
ident, explained that the plant would not
be a nuisance and that its process did
away with brick burning kilns.
The officials of the company presented
three citizens of the Richmond district,
who urged that the plant would be a ben
efit to the locality.
The members of the Committee on
Streets seemed inclined to heed the pro
tests of the citizens and refuse the permit
for the erection and maintenance of the
engines and oil tanks of the company, but
after listening to the company's attarney
the matter was laid over for one week to
afford the brick company an opportunity
to present petitions from residents that
favor the location of the plant, also to al
low the filing of further protests.
•Yesterday a protest was made by resi
dents of the Richmond district against
the Issuance of a permit to the Golden
Gate Brick Company to erect a brick
making plant in their midst.
The Committee on Streets and Fire of
the Board of Supervisors heard the pro-,
tests and defense of the brick-making
corporation.
Committee on Streets Hears
Plaint and Will Decide
Next Week.
Formal Allegations and Ob
jections Made by Oppos
ing Counsel.
Residents of Richmond
Oppose Granting
of Permit.
Little Testimony Taken
in the Arbitration
Proceedings.
BRICK FACTORY
NOT DESIRED
TIME CONSUMED
IN ARGUMENT
The Ur.lt*] State* Civil Service Com-
m f,u n uT Un "' that a " examination
will be held at San Francisco August 5
for the position of assistant chemist in
the Geological Survey at a salary of $1200
per annum; Ajre. limit 20 years or over
In order to become eligible competitors
must attain a rating of at least 70 In
each of the subjects of chemistry, miner
alogy and crystallography. Persons who
desire to compete should apply to the
United States Civil Service Commission
Washington, D. C. or to the secretary
of the Consolidated Board of Civil Ser
vice Examiners, 301 Jackson* street, San
Francisco, for application forms 304 and
375. ¦;,;,;,: ;
Chemist Wanted.
Evans Convicted of Battery.
Yesterday, J. M. Evans, saloonkeeper
at 116 Eddy street, was convicted by Po
lice Judge Fritz on a charge of a recent
battery upon Mamie Barry at 131 Taylor
strtet. and was ordered to appear for
sentence *on July 14. A similar charge
against him on complaint of Mrs. Jean
Egan. M8 Mason street, was heard and
the argument on a motion to dismiss was
postponed till July 14.
Chinese Hangs Himself.
Wi Puey, a Chinese machine hand, com
mitted suicide at 72S Jackson street last
Wednesday evening by hanging himself
with a small rope. Despondency over hie
poverty and debts Is assigned by his
friends as the reason.
WILL OF WARREN DUTTON
IS FILED FOR PROBATE
Pioneer Bsqueaths to Children Por
tion of Estate Not Deeded
to Them.
The will of the late Warren Dutton,
pioneer capitalist, was filed for probate
>esterday. He leaves such of his estate
as was not deeded by him during his
lifetime to his two children, J. W.
Dutton and Carrie D. Rudolph. The
property disposed of by the will is worth
JS3.OO0, and consists of land in Mendoclno
County worth $3000. realty in this city
worth $45,000, mortgages and other securi
ties worth jy/JO and t tock in the Bank of
Sonoma County and the Bank and Tru&t
Company of Tomales worth $30,000. The
entire estate is supposed to be worth al
mogt $1,000,000.
Dutton was buried at Tomales on June
21* 1303. The train containing the friends
end relatives of the deceased was wrecked
on its return trip and two people were
killed and a 6core severely injured.
The total number of immigrants, ex
clusive of tourists, arriving at this port
from July 1, 1902. to June 30, 1903, was
7266 of which 1159 were females. The Jap
anese head the list with 2SS0, England
comes second with 2126 and China third
with 2038. This latter item, however, in
cludes Chinese persons denied a landing,
the figures concerning the excluded not
having been furnished to Commissioner
North by the Chinese Bureau. The other
nationalities, which are varied, are among
the "also ran" as follows: German, 330;
Mexican, 2?9; Scandinavian, 275; Italian,
22S; Spanish American, 20S: Irish, 164;
Scotch. 140; Russian, 113; French, 100; Pa
cific Islanders. 89; Filipino, 78; Finnish,
61; Austrian, 35; Greek. 34; West Indian,
33; Korean. 31; Dutch and Spanish, SO
each: Dalmatian. 23: Welsh. 16. .
Thirty-nine immigrants, other than Chi
nese, were debarred on the ground of
pauperism, thirty-seven for having con
tagious diseases, nine for being contract
laborers and one was returned for pau
perism after having been one year in the
United States. .
The annual report of the United States
Immigration Bureau of California has
Just been completed by Statistician Rich
ard Eccleston.
"Say, we want something to eat," said
Phillips, and Trimpler replied in a joking
way, "I can only give you bread, boys."
They asked him to jump off the wagon,
which he did, and just as he pulled the
key out of his pocket to open the door In
the rear of the vehicle, he says. McCar
roll threw an arm around his neck, hold
ing him tight, while Phillips went
through his pocket?, taking $4, all the
money he had. Here is his story:
I etrurged all the time, but could not free
myself from McCarroll. After they had robbed
me I was let go. and I struck at Phillips, who
LAST YEAR'S ARRIVALS
HEADED BY JAPANESE
England Comes In as a Good Second
and China Is a Close
.-•':- ¦':- Third.
Trimpler, who lives at 335C Twenty-sec
ond ftrcet, reports to the police that he
was driving along Point Lobos avenue
between 3 and 4 o'clock on Wednesday
morning, and when he reached Wood
street on his way to the bakery two men.
Identified as Phillips and McCarroll,
hailed him. and Phillips grabbed hold of
the reins, bringing the horse to a stand
still.
brought against Philip Phillips, a
conductor, and George P. McCarroll, a
gripman, both of the Geary street line,
by W. F. Trimpler, who drives a deliv
ery wagon for Young & Swain's bakery,
2229 Geary street.
IT is something unusual for street car
men to be accused of highway rob
bery, particularly when they are in
uniform, but such Is the charge
Judge Murasky granted yesterday in
terlocutory decrees of divorce to Martha
E. Kelly from Michael Kelly and Ellen
Crotty from James Crotty. The decrees
were granted because of Kelly's brutality
and Crotty's habitual intemperance 1
Bery! Barnes Allen wedded Henry D.
Allen in April, 1902. They lived together
for two months and then separated. Now
Mrs. Allen wants a divorce, and yester
day she filed a suit for one, charging Al
len with failing to provide for her. She
says she is a weak and delicate woman
and is unable to provide for herself. She
alleges that though Allen is a strong and
healthy individual he is too lazy to work
to earn the wherewithal to provide her
with the common necessaries of life.
Mary E. Richardson is suing F. J. Rich
ardson for divorce for cruelty. She al
leges that ten days after their marriage
last March he called her vile names, and
that a few months later he choked her.
She alleges also that he frequently
threatens to take her life, saying." "I will
ehoot you like a dog any time I like."
Suits for divorce were filed also by
Thomas H. Haustein against Lew Violet
Haustein, Frank P. Berger against So
phia Berger and Martha M. Wise against
H^^'lf*,'. Hau8tein charges his wife
with infidelity and Berger and Mrs. Wise
allege desertion.
Wife Sues for Decree, Alleging That
Husband Treated Her
Cruelly.
TROUBLES OF THE ALLENS
END IN DIVORCE COURT
Trimpler reported the robbery at police
headquarters, and Detective Harry Rey
nolds was detailed on the case. He ar
ranged with Trimpler to be at the car
house yesterday morning at 10 o'clock,
when Phillips and McCarroll would re
port for duty, and he at once pointed out
Phillips as the one who went through
his pockets and McCarroll as the one who
threw his arm around his neck. They
were placed under arrest and booked at
the City Prison on a charge or robbery.
Phillips and McCarroll deny the rob
bery. They say they had been visiting
saloons with some others, and when they
saw the wagon coming along they
grabbed hold of the rear end to get more
quickly to their homes. They were laugh-
Ing ' as they ran along, and Trimpler
stopped and Jumping off the wagon asked
them what they were throwing stones
for, at the same time using an offensive
expression. They denied throwing stones,
and Trimpler threatened to "lick" them.
He started to "lick" Phillips, who Is the
smaller of the two, and Phillips struck at
him. Trimpler then ran away, and that
was all that happened..
made a pass at me. Ae there were two of them
I ran away shouting for the police, but I could
not find an officer. I passed an Italian driv
ing a white horse, and think I would know
htm again. When I returned to the wagon the
carmen had disappeared. They were under
the influence of liquor. I am not particularly
ansicus to prosecute them, but I am a work
inpman. like themselves, and cannot afford
to lose SI.
CONDUCTOR AND GRIPMAN EMPLOYED ON THE GEARY-STREET
LINE WHO ARE ACCUSED W. F. TRIMPLER. DRIV.'.R OF A
BAKERY WAGON. OF HAVING ROBBED HIM.
Lot Corner Stockton Street and
Union Square Avenue to Be
Bought for $137,500.
At the full meeting of the Union League
<;•.;!> held >esterday afternoon to pass
upon the action taken by the general
<.-rmniitte<? relative to the proposed new
club building the committee's report
riN'ommendJng the site at the corner of
.Stockton street and Union Square avenue
w.<s .<uopted. Louis and Henry Rosen
:•!.!. owners of the property and both
twsAera of the club, offered the site for
tVBJSto, which was accepted. The sum
of tX«OO will be paid down immediately
cr.il the remainder within thirty days.
The mode of raising the purchase price
of the property and defraying the ex
pense of the erection of the new club
building caused a division among the
members. Some FUggested the levying of
an assessment, but after debate the plan
of the finance committee, which advo
cated the collection of subscriptions, was
adopted. The finance committee will meet
to-day to formulate the scheme for the
distribution of bonds for those subscrib
ing toward the building fund and to fix
the rates of interest upon them.
During %he meeting there was sub
scribed by D. 6. Dorn J1000, 6. J. Hendy
$1000, J. Barneeon J1900, Louis and Henry
Rosenfeld $3(X>0, James Tyson $1000. J. R.
Turner JIOCO. James Seely JI000, William
Curlett Jl'JOO. F. W. Marston $1000, Dr.
Window Anderson flOQO. H. P. Sonntag
ST-OO, J. J. Gottlob $500, George H. Pippy
S500. C. J. Waterhouse I'M and T. F. Fer
guson $500. Nothing definite as to the
co?t of the proposed building was decided
upon.
BUILDING SITE SELECTED
BY UNION LEAGUE CLUB
V.'ong Sing. Chincpe cook, showed him
self to be better than some white men
yesterday when he proudly presented to
£hlef Deputy Coroner McOormlck an un
dertaker's receipt for (60 paid by Wong
for the burial of Miss Ermlnie Brienne.
his sweetheart, who killed herself for
love of him on June ZJ.
•'1 welly poo' man. No can pay mo*.
Bimeby 1 get that money I put a 111 wall
ing lound her glave."
He referred to the sura of J19 which the
girl willed to him with the request that
Wer.g frhinild expend It In keeping her
body out of the Potter's field.
Wong ivstiiit-d at the Coroner's inquest
ycMeniay mining. Evidently he feared
that be night be held responsible for
Miss Urier.ru. s death, and was nervous.
Hi- n.'iy was that for fifteen months he
had worked as a cook in the same fam
ily with Miss Brienne, a house servant,
and that a mutual liking sprang up and
<Jeveloj't-d into the love of the maid for
the man. Wong said:
We nelly coot Sen to' fifteen mont. Then
she vast me n.ally her I no can mally be
caose I fctav« tryragee to China ga.1 In Chln».
Ohinanif.n r.o can maliy one weman when he
have cr.cap.e wit" 'tiotha woman. Then Miss
Blienna move and the lite me a letta. but she
r.o sty where the live and I no can go see
h»r. Thtn the lite me 'notha !etta and tellee
me ¦rbene live, and 1 go Bee her. I welly
holly no can really her because I engage*
Ch:r.a fs.1 :n China
A-ri-i whether his relations with Miss
Brienne had txen improper he appeared
Ehofked, and throwing up his hands ex
claimed, "No, no; no talkee dat bad way.
Fhe a gout lady. No goot talkee dat
way."
It appeared that the unfortunate young
woman, who had been buffeted about the
world t onsidvrabJy, first met kind treat
rr.tr.t and sympathy from Wong while
they were working together, and she fell
deeply to love with him. Shortly before
her suicide she made an attempt to kill
herself I y turning on the gas In her room,
but she was discovered and taken to the
Centra! Emergency Hospital, where she
was resuscitated. On that occasion Wong
Sing was sent for and he came and took
her away in a hark.
The jury returned a verdict of suicide.
When Wong left the room he was shak
fr.g his head and murmuring, *'Poo f gal;
\"jo' gal!"
Tells Why He Was Unable
to Marry Her, Although
He Loved Her.
"Chinese Lover of Miss
Brienne Acts as a
White Man.
WONG SING PAYS
FOR THE BURIAL
THE tfAN FRANCISCO CALL, IRIDAT, JULY 10, 1903.
W. F. Trimpler Alleges' That Philip Philipps and
George P. McCarroll, Employes of Geary Street
Line, Held Him Up and Took Four Dollars
ACCUSES TWO STREET CAR MEN
OF CRIME OF HIGHWAY ROBBERY
7
AMUSEXLENT3.
"Twirly Whlrly's" laet week, 'twill be a
great pity,
If this play should be missed by one In tho
r city.
But prepare for next week, when the bill will
be new, f
Two Weber-Field skits with the Jolllest
. crew.
"UNDER THE RED GLOBE"
---;-¦ AND ' : '?$k:
"THE tHREE MUSKETEERS"
(TWO IN ONEK
MABEL McKINLEY,
Favorite Niece of the Late President
McKinley; Charles Dickson and
Company; Mosher, Houghton and
Mosher; Young and De Voie;
Julian Hose and the Biograph.
Last Times of THE GREAT HARBECKS;
BARNEY FAOAN and HENRIETTA BYRON
and THE WANG DOODLE COMEDY FOUR.
Reserved Seats. 28cj Balcony. 10c; Box Seats
and Opera Chairs, 50c.
AMELIABINGHAM
LAST 2 NIGHTS— MATINEE SATURDAY.
Clyde Fitch"s Brilliant Play.
"THE CLIMBERS."
SEATS NOW READY.
For Next Week's Big Production of
AModernMagdalen
To be Presented by
AMELIA BINGHAM
And Her Company.
MATINEES WEDNESDAY AND SATURDAY.
CALIFORNIA
TO-NIGHT TO-MORROW NIGHT. SUN-
DAY NIGHT.
America's Greatest Tragedienne.
MISS
NANCE O'NEIL
"The Jewess"
Saturday Matine* — "ilAGDA."
Monday — MISS O'NEIL in "ROMEO
AND JULIET."
Coming — Neill-Moroaco Company.
Ti\/A8 I opera
\ v U_L,1 HOUSE.
TO-NIGHT AND EVERY EVENING THIS
V/EKK.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
The great comic cpera with Edwin Ste-
vens in the title role will be presented. The
last chance to see the ties'tt. hit of many
season*.
THEN WATCH FOR THE COMING OF
"THE HIGHWAYMAN"
POPULAR PRICES 25c. 60c and 73c
Telephone Bush 9.
Proprietors
Market St.. near Eighth. Phone South 033.
% TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEES TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
The Universal Favorite.
JAMES CORRIGAN
In the Great Sensational Melodrama.
KIDNAPED
CCC The leap for life from Brooklyn Bridge.
3CC The thrillinc conflagration scene.
DDIfTv Evenings 10c to BOo
rnllLO Matinees 10c. 13e. 23c
MONDAY JULY 13— JAMES CORRIOAN IN
"MULDOON'S PICNIC."
ALCAZARTshST
Bus. MgT.
ANOTHER GREAT SUCCESS
TO-NIGHT— THIS. WEEK ONLY.
Recall After Recall for
WHITE WHITTLESEY
In the Splendid English Military Comedy.
BROTHER OFFICERS
Evgs.. 23c to 75c; Mat., Thurs.ASat. 16c to 60s.
NEXT MONDAY— ArtUtlc Revival of
THE PRISONER OF ZBNDA.
Wlta SUDerb Scenic Effects and MR. WHIT-
TLESEY as RUDOLF.
OHLY MATXmBB 8ATCEDAT.
"FULL OF l-UN FOK THE AUDIENCBS"
—CALL. '"¦'¦¦>': ~;
SECOND WEEK.
TO-NIGHT— EVERY NIGHT
BAYMOND AND CAVEaiT
And Our Superb Eastsrn Company in th« Fascl-
nating Musical Eccentricity.
In Central I
Park I
POPULAR PRICES 25c. 50c and 75o
BASEBALL!
PACIFIC COAST LEAGUE.
RECREATION PARK.
EIGHTH AND HARRISON
CHAMPIONSHIP GAMES.
THURSDAY AND FRIDAY, 3:30 P. M.; SAT.
URDAY. 3:00 P. M.
SUNDAY 2:30 P, M.
SACRAMENTO vs. SAN FRANCISCO
LADIES 1 DAYS THURSDAY^ND FRIDAY.
¦ Advance Sale. 5 Stockton St.
W. TV HESS.
NOTARY PUBLIC A1TD ATTOHSEY-AT-UkW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1016, Claus tiprecksla bid*.
Telephone. Main US3.
Rsildence. 821 California it., below PoweU.
Residence Telephone James 1601.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
To Our Customers and Friends :
Fire in our repository at Market
and Tenth streets thc morning of
July S destroyed a portion of our
stock of vehicles. The main part
of our merchandise, however. Is
stored in our warehouse at Fifth
and King streets and U uninjured.
AH orders will be filled with usual
promptness and business will becon-
ductt-d the same as heretofore. Our
repair shops in the new building
on Tenth street are not injured and
our manufacturing and repairing
are belnp promptly attended to.
Kor the present we have opened a
temporary office at No. 1325 Market
street, between Ninth and Tenth
street?. Telephone Private Ex-
change 634.
We thank our friends for the pat-
ronage Riven us heretofore and re-
spectfully solicit a continuance of
the same.
Bros. Company
NO. 1325 MARKET STSSET.
... Cured with marvelous
rapidity by....
DR, KQEN1GSTEI N'S
RED SALVE,
SAN FRANCISCO. May 11, 1003.
DR. G. KOENIGSTE1N— Dear Sir: After
having suffered for many years with a bad and
highly inflamed bunion I am very glad to tell
you that the Red Salve you sold me hag done
wonders. I am entirely relieved of my trou-
ble and will recommend your palve wherever
I*can. Yours truly. A. ABRAHAMSON.
Prop. Hotel Richelieu. 1012-1018 Van Ness
avenue.
50c and $1 per Jar. at Union Drug Company's
Stores or 126 Kearny St.. room 22.
CUTLERY '
EVERY .HJUEMRRANIH).
DR PIERCES
GOLDEN
. i MEDICAL.
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
BLOOD.UVER, LUNGS.
rto"T"~" .1 ll ' V\ il\Y&A C»n obt&la strength »n4 **<*
IE? Vs. 'I * "1HM by th« m of DR. MERCK'S
VMt«aMf}A^i(3B*grfifv XLKCTRIC BELT." A Tm-
??£, - -Pierce Electric C«Jl3Wert«Ui
. BfreeiL Na wTork or 206 Post St. , San francUco, CaJ.
Weak Men and Women
Should use damian a bitters, the
O Great Mexican Remedy: gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot, 323 Market.
A3CTXSEM22NT3.
THE LUTZ BROTHEBS aad
High-Class Specialties Every Afternoon
and Evening In the Theater.
SEE THE BOHEMIAN OLAS3BLOWES.
Injpect "CABARET DE LA MOBT."
VISIT THE
Pound and One-Half Baby
AJTD HIS COMPANIONS
IN THE INFANT INCUBATORS.
BABY SEA LJON. RECENTLY BORN AT
THE CHUTES. NOW ON EXHIBITION.
ELECTRIC FOUNTAIN SATURDAY NIGHT.
ADMISSION. 10c; CHILDREN. Be.
Seventh and Market SU.
EVERY AFTERNOON AXD BVENINO,
POLITE VAUDEVILLE.
The Three Kahns; Kraflt and Daley;
Harry and George La Sola; George
W. Moore; George Clifton; Loa
Durbyelle; Marian George; Clinton
Montgomery and the Bioscope.
PRICES— Night. 23e. 20c. 16c. 10c: M«Un««8.
, 20c and 10c. ¦
; Phon» for Seata — Sowth 1023.
FAREWELL TESTIMONIAL
Tendered by Hi« Friends to
„ DR. ADRIAN HOFMETR
NATIVE SONS' HALL. MASON ST..
THLRSDAY EVENING July 16, 8 o'clock.
DR. HOFMEYR Will on This Occasion dT-
...»t ~ l!ver HIs F *mous lecture.
"AN EXPLORERS' ADVENTURE IN THE
DARK CONTINENT."
Admission. 5Oc: reserve. SI. Tickets. Palace,
i ,\*J, Ptew " Stand. J. J. NEW BEGIN. Flood
building.
PflfarP DOlVT FAIL T0
* ambs , <e the bcaatifu]
j ' COURT Loun*ing-
flfln room - the EMPIRE
" UU PARLOR. the
£—.4 PALM ilOOM. thc
lirS (lU LOUIS XV PAR-
\iiuuu LOR an<J thc LA
W^l. 1 DI ES' WRITING
Hotels room -
DDTTOTJT70 ro** barbers, ba-
|jr\U^nij»J ker ». bootblacks, bath-
** w *** ~ houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
dyers, flour millj. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar- roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHAITAir BKOS.,
Brash Manufacturer!, €09 Sacnunento St.
..fgg^OEWEXSTRONG &CO.^g&
R *PATENTSi J
OCEAN TBAVEE*
y&\£ ?*"v Steamers leave Ban Fran-
/£vJ — '^SJs. ' c * >co *» follows:
\d\ For Ketehlkan. Junean.
wW'ft VA Ekasway. etc.. Ala*ka— 11 a.
{ I \»ea 1 I m - Jul y 10 - 15> :o - **• 30>
I V yi'iMSia/ ./ Aurust 4. Chance to com-
V^»v\\ ySJ Pan?*" steamers at S«*Ule.
; vfc^-— '^Ty ** or Victoria, Vaoeouver,
>3£tSt2^^ Port Townsend. Seattle, Ta-
coma. Everett. Whatcom— 11
a. m.. July 10, 15, 20. 23. 30. August 4. Chang*
at Seattle to this company's steamers for Alas-
ka and G. N. Ry. ; at Seattle for Tacoma to N.
P. Ry.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay>— Pomona. 1:30
p. m.. July 9. 13. 21. 27. Aurust 2; Corona.
1:30 p. m.. July 12, 13. 24. 30, August 9.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara — Santa
Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California, Thursdays, 9 a. ra.
For Los Anceles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro), Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey. San Simeon, Cayucos, Port Harford (3aa
Luis Obispo), Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay, 9 a. m., July 8, 18, 24. Aurust 1.
For Ensenada. Maf dalena Bay, t'an Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata. La Pas, Santa Ro-
snlla. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m. 7th of each
month. .
For further information obtain folder.
Rljcht is reserved to change steamers or sall-
inz dates.
TTC* i ' T " r O T ''P T CFS — ? New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street and
Broadway wharf.
Freight Office. 10 Market street.
C. D. DUNANN. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
O. R. St N. CO.
••Columbia" sails July 12. 22. Aug. 1, U, XI.
31 "George W. Elder** sails July 17. 27. Au?.
6. 15, 28. Only steamship Una to PORTLAND.
OR., and short rail line from Portland to alt
points East. Through tickets to all points, all
rail or steamship and rail, at LOWEST
RATES. Steamer tickets Include berth and
meal*. Steamer sails foot of Spear st. at 11 a.
m S. F. BOOTH. Gen. Act. Pass. Dept.. 1
Montgomery »t. ; C. CLIFFORD, Gen. Agt. FrU
Dept.. 3 Montgomery st. -
Nome and
St. Michael
THE Al FAST
S. S. "St. Paul"
CAPTAIN C. E. LINDQUIST.
(Carrying V. 8. Mails)
FROM SAN FRANCISCO,
On Saturday. July 11—2 p. ra.
Connecting with tha Company's Steamers for
ALL BERING SEA POINTS, and at Hi.
Michael with the Company's River Boats for
ALL KOTUKUK. TANANA and YUKON
RIVER POINTS.
-F^r Freight and Passage Apply to
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL. CO..
843 Market St., San Francisco.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA,
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamers will leav* wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. tor YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONO. calling at Kobe (Hioyo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and eonaactlng as
Hongkong* with steamers for India, eta. N*
eaxgo received on board on Cay of sailing.
al. HONGKONO MARU .TT?!..
Tuesday. July 7. 1903
S. 8. NIPPON MARU Friday, July 31. IMS
a I AMERICA MARU
Wednesday. Angnst 20.1303
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For frcignt and passage, apply at Com* '
pany** olflct, 421 Market street, corner Flrrt.
*^ W. H. AVERT. General Ag»n£
occanics.s.io. bs^Sk
BS. MARIPOSA, (or Tahiti. July 10. 11 a. m.
83. SONOMA, tar Honolulu, Samoa. Aneklan*
and Sydney Thursday. July 19. 2 p. m,
BS. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. July 23, 11 a. m.
aimcuis»B3J.c3.i f t3..mitjnja,M3iimja
FnJaUtflta.ni larUSUflvlL I.hA St
C OMaOHIS enmiLl TXAVSaTLaSTXQB]
DIRECT LINK TO HAVRE-PARIS. _M- m3^
Sailing «very Thursday. Instead oCdKjS&L
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pi.r 42. SMSS
SflrtTlUTer. foot of Morton strsst.
First-class to Havre. $70 and upward, Seo.
ocd-«lass to Havre. »45 and upward. OEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 33 Broadway (Hudson building).
New York. J. F. FUOAZI * CO., Paclflo Cosit
Agents, ft Montgomery avenue, San Franclaoo.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ttcfct Agents.
Js.axs Island aad VaXUJo 1U— «r«.
~ Stcamtr GEN. FRI3BIE or MONT1CEXJLO.
—9:«5 a. m.. 3:U and 8:30 p. m.. #x Sunday.
Sunday. 9:45 a. m.. S:30 p. m. Leaves VaIUJo,
7 a. m., 12:30 noon, 6 p. m., «z. Sunday. 3ua-
day. 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Fare, CO cent*. TtU.
Main 1303. Pier 2. MlMton-.t. dock. HATCH
BROS.
NEW ADVEBTISEMENTS. <¦
SUN AND SNOW
Sometimes Help the Hair to Go.
In any changeable climate the hair Is
apt to become brittle and to break off
stubby here and there. This makes a
hair-dressing almost a necessity, espe-
cially to ladies. In using a hair dressing
why not get the best, one that combines
with It the efficiency in killing the dan-
druff germ, the germ that eats the hair
oft* at the roots, causing what is called
falling hair, and in time baldness. New-
bro's "Herplcide" is that kind of a hair
dressing. You have noddea how delight-
ful your scalp will feel, and how stylish
your hair, will appear, after an applica-
tion or two of Herplcide. It is certainly
a wonderful Innovation as a scalp anti-
septic and hair-dressing. Sold, by leading
druggists. Send 10c in stamps : for saml
pie to The.Herpicide. Co., Detroit, Mich.
CASTORITr
For Infants and Children.
The Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears tha Sat s/$if m ' A .* m
DOAN'S KIDNEY PILLS.
NO HUMp HERE."
Sun Francisco Cndorneraent la What
Counts With the San Fran-
rlmco Public.
You can't fool the public all the time.
They will find you out at laet.
Uvc-ry time a man Is fooled
Another skeptic is made.
Many the remedy that makes the skep-
tic
Because it fails to keep its promises.
Doan's Kidney Pills bring renewed re-
ward.
" They cure the «keptlc.
Plenty of proof of this at home.
Kan Francisco proof for San Francisco
People.
Here's a case of It: ,
S. E. Bent, woodworker In the Carvill
Mfjr. Co., residence 26 Turk street, says:
"J had pain In my back for over three
months. It was not the kind that conies
from overwork, but was deeper seated,
and from the indications I knew my kid*
m-ys were not performing their-ftmctions
properly. It struck me if Doan's Kidney
Pills were for the kidneys, and the kid-
neys alone, they might at least help, and
I tf.ok a course of the treatment- You
can put me down as an emphatic Indorser
of the claims made for Doan's Kidney
Pills."
For E?j e \,y all dealers. Price M cents.
Foster-Mniburn Co., Buffalo. N. Y.. sole
apents for the United States.
.Remember thc name— Doan's— and take
no other.
THAT AUDACIOUS STORY; "THE SPENDERS;" NEXT SUNDAY CALLCAPE TOWN* Ca"" Colony. "July 0.— The
mo«t: violent, earth' shock * In twenty years 'was
felt here at noon to-day.
Third race, six furlonsrs — St.-Phlllpplna won.
The Miller second. Beautiful Girl third.. Time,
l:14tt-'»- :. ¦•••/¦--.¦¦ *•:• ¦ ; "-- ¦ '•¦-' v
Fourth race, one and an eighth miles — Ro
farlo . won. Milwaukee second. Homage • third.
Time; 1:8054:" '¦' v. " ¦ : "_ ' ' v
Fifth race, seven furlongs — Raep . won» < El
Plloto -second, %Fondo '.third. • Time, l:20V«.
¦- Sixth race, six 'furlongs — Nanon "won. Beren
dos'second;. Mountebank • third: : Time, 1:14%.
¦7 Second race, ' five furlongs-^-Colonel Bogey
won. Maude Browne second, : Jack .Little third.
Time,- 1:03. ; - :.- . - . v*
¦SEATTLE, .Wash.. July 9.— Results:
; First: race, six furlongs — Mover .won, Younj;
Marlow kecond. .Master third. Time. 1U0. *
Racing. Results at Seattle.
HELENA, Mont.,' July 0.— W. J. . Anderson,
president of the Livingston waterworks, la
dead at Johannesburg, • South Africa: 7 . He -was
an officer in the British army. during) the > Boer
/ '
Wyfold; challenge cup-^KIngiton. RowinV
Club beat the London Rowins Club by a
'•¦ Stewards' challenge "¦ cup— Third Trinity,
Cambrldge.S beat the Netherlands . Rowing Club
by two lengths." Time 8 minutes 5 seconds. .
"Diamond challenge sculls— F.' S. Kelly (Lean
der Club) beat A. F. Beresford (Kingston Row-
Ing ClubV easily. rTlnae, 8 minutes 41 seconds:
' Visitors' : challenge ; cup — University College.
Oxford, beat Magdalene College,^ Oxford,;- by i a
length and, a' quarter. - Time,' 8 > minutes 25
seconds..;. c : •' •¦„%-.• - • '• .
•Thames challenge cup— Trinity College.' Dub
lin, beat Kingston Rowing "Club by a length.
Time, 7. minutes 27 seconds;. ¦¦'., * -•/- ; "
• The tilver; goblet and nickel chal'enge cup—
Victoria : Rowing . Club, ' Berlin. - beat Kingston
Rowing,. Club < by .- twelve lengths. Time, . 8
mlnuteg and- 45 seconds. .
'."• Ladles' challenge plate— Magdalen* College,
Oxford, beat Eton by a length. Time, 7- min-
Ut«ji:W. seconds. • ..-. « .-¦ \
"Thames .; challenge cup — Trinity College.
Dubiln, ¦; beat 'Eton by a'length.. Time,; 7 min
utes 3.'J ' seeonds. • •
HENLiEY, England, July 9.— Delightful
weather prevailed -'during the day, the
final day of* the Henley -regatta.' There
was not sufficient wind to. affect the
choice of Btatlona. A large crowd , was
present- to- witness the finals of all the
events, which, were reserved for to-day
and resulted as follows: .
Grand -challenge- cup— Leander beat third
Trinity, . Cambridge last year's winner*, by. six
feet after an exciting race. Time, 7 minutes
0 seconds. ,, .:"": : --
Last Year's Winners
Unable to Retain the
Trophy.
Second game— R. H. E.
Cincinnati S 8, :\
Boston 3 0 2
Batteries — Ilahn and Bergen; Malarkey and
Moran. Umpires — Moran and Holllday.
CHICAGO. July 0.— The locals developed a
batting streak and won to-day's game In the
seventh. A gift, a sacrifice, two Pteals and
five Binsles scored elx runs. Prank Chance
wan made the captain of the team to-day. At
tendance • 1000. Score:
Chicago 8 10 i
Philadelphia 1 y o
Batteries — Lundgren and Kilns; Sparks and
ST. LOUIS. July 9.-^3y superior stick work
the New Yorks won from the home team to
day by a score of four to two. Both pitchers
were hit hard, but the visitors cinched matter*
in the laFt Inning by pounding Brown for six
bits, which together with a passed ball and
wild pitch gave them three runa and the game.
Attendance 1200. Score : : A
R. • H. E."
St. Louis 2 10' 1
New. York .........;..... 4 u j
Batteries— Brown and: J. O'Neil; Matthew-
terference. Th-» feature of the second game
wan the extra, bac* hits, a double, five triples
and a home run being made. The second game
was called In the eeventh Inning on account
of darkness. Attendance 4000. Scores:
First game- R. H. E.
Cincinnati : 11 i»i l
Boston 3 9 7
Batteries — Sudhoff and Pcitz;. Plttlnger and
Chicago Team Suddenly Develops a
Batting Streak and Defeats
Philadelphia.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
CINCINNATI. O.. July ».— Cincinnati won
two games from Boston here to-day by timely
hitting and good fielding. In the flrfct game
Plttinerx was touched up for sixteen hits. In
the sixth Inning Peitr wan called out for in-
TIMELY HITTING GIVES
CINCINNATI TWO GAMES
HANDICAP EOUBLES ON
PARK TENNIS COURTS
The Golden Gate Tennis Club will hold
a handicap doubles tournament on the
park courts Sunday. The challenge cups
are in the possession of Will Allen and
Grant Smith. They have been won twica
by the Hotchkiss brothers, and once by
Church and McKay, Routh and Dunlap,
and Allen and Smith. The latter will be
the most heavily handicapped pair in
the tournament. They played from owe
: , of la last time and Sunday they will go
back to owe 15. With these odds the
scratch team do not appear to have a
very good chance. R. M. Whitney will
play with Jules Brady from the "i£ 15"
mark. Routh and Dunlap are the strong
est team in one half. The other crack
teams are in the opposite fck.
The drawing resulted as follows:
Preliminary round — Whitney and Brady
(.¦;-<;> ve. Lewis and Mann (4-ti); Burnett and
Slcs?Ingcr (15 4-(J> vs. Ilozarth and Crookes
(IS S-ti); Beyfuss and Rolfe (4-«) v«. Hotchklss
brothers <Bcratch); Routh and Dunlap
? scratch) vs. Long brother* (15 1-fi); Smith.
and Sleasinser <1&) vs. Ambrose and Hotch
kiss <2-C).
Firbt round — Teller and Drolla <5-6) vs.
Grant Smith and Allen (owe 15); Griffin and
Jones (3-<»> vr. Sayre and Roberts (15); Ed
wards and Irving (15 3-C) a bye.
Lower half — Gayno«s and Lytton (10) vs.
Hamilton and Hawell <15 3-C); Foley and
Bates <?-€) vs. Baker and Baker (5-€); Myric
and McCuHough (15 3-13) ve. Guerin and Uall
The following were • elected officers of
the Golden Gate Tennis Club.
President, Jules Brady; vice president,
Charle* Dunlap; secretary and treasurer. J.
M Baker; haadicapper, C. J. Dunlap; referee.
C ' W Teller; tournament committee. 8. Gay
pees Homer Hotchklss. G. K. Bates and C.
W. Teller. /^agBBBftflHHI
Several prominent members of the club
will attend the meeting of the Park Com
missioners to-day, for the purpose of in
dudng them to lay out more asphalt
courts. \ ¦ —
LEANDER BEATS
THIRD TRINITY
R. H. E.
Los Angeles 10402000 0—7 7 4
Portland 0 0110040 2—8 13 5
PORTLAND, Ore., July 0.— The Browns
won one of the most excltlns games from
Morley's Stars ever seen here. Up to the sev
enth It looked hopeless for the locals when
they went In and came within one of tying
the score. Doc Newton took the box In the
eighth. In the ninth Inning Shea reached first
on Spies' error, took second on Engie's single,
and scored when Ross dropped Vigneux's fly.
Engle <ame home on Van Buren's out to Spies,
winning the game. Umpire Levy had an un
pleasant time. His decisions did not please
the crowd, and for a while It looked as though
there might be a mlx-up'on the field. Score:
PAST FINISH AT PORTLAND.
Special interest was 'taken in the final
of "the Grand Challenge cup because of
Third Trinity's misfortune in losing the
services of H. D. Goldie, who was Indis
posed and who had as a substitute an un
trained man. But for .this Trinity would
have undoubtedly retained the trophy.' As
it was, the race was a great one. Leander
from the start tried cutting down tactics,
but Third Trinity held the lead until
Fawley 1 Court. ' Amid a roar of cheerinjr,
the two boats. passed the Grosvenor Club
lnelosure" rowiriff level, but a little later
Leander. struggled forward and after a
great tussle won. ., '
The race for." the ladies'^ challenge cup
was another stirring contest. Magdalene
led by a length .when a,' furlong from
hbntie ' Eton made a magnificent spurt
and placed the boats almost level. Eton
was unable; however, to sustain the ef
fort and was defeated by a length.
vThe other events did not furnish excit
ing finishes and no f great interest was
taken In them" with' 'the exception of the
finals 'for the diamond Sculls. Rowing
rrien were curious -to,.: see how Beresford,
the victor over Juvenal of the Vesper Boat
Club, Philadelphia, would acquit himself
against -the; holder, of the" trophy. For a
stroke or • two - Beresford led, but Kelly
quickly cut him down, and won as he
liked. -. : y y .•
length. 'Time, 8 minutes 28 seconds,
N R. H. E.
Helena 3 0 3 0 0 2 4 1 0—13 17 4
Salt Lake .....10010502 0 — 0 11 6
Batteries — Thompson and Carlsch; . Tozler
and Byrnes. Umpire — Coglan. .
R. H. E.
Spokane 1004000 '0 3 — H 12 1
Tacoma 0 0 0 10 0 0 0 0—1 y 5
• Batteries — Nichols and Zaluskey;' Baker and
Byers. Umpire — Mahaffey.
BUTTE, Mont.. July 0. — Butte batted Hll
debrand out of the box in the seventh Inning,
when five Miners successfully made the cir
cuit and gave thejceals too great a lead to
overcome. The umpiring of Warner was n fea
ture of to-day'a game. He was roundly hissed
repeatedly by the irate fans and spectators,
and for a time it .looked as if he would be
mobbed. Attendance, WX>. Score:
R. H. E.
Butte O 1 0 1 0 1 5 0 x— 8 S 2
Los Angeles 11010211 0—7 14 2
Batteries — Dowllng. Roach and Swindells;
Hlldebrand, Llebhardt and Hardy. ..^-Umpire —
Warner.
SALT LAKE. L"4ah. July 9.— The 'Senators
belted young Tozier-hard to-day; and the lad's
support was far from good. Two errors in the
seventh allowed Frary and Carlsch ' to take
bases, and they scored on Christie's long hit
Into right field, giving Helena a lead the lo
cals were unable to overcome. Attendance,
500. Score : ,
Stovall and Maupin Indulge in Great
Pitchers' Battle.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
(Pacific National League.)
W. L. Pet. I W. L. Pet.
Butte 47 20 .0(1 San Fran 38 37 .f>07
Los Angeles. .45 :t0 .C00 Taccma 30 4:i .411
Ipokane 42 31 .."4. Helena 26 44 .371
Ueattle 40 33 .518 Rait Lcke... 3 « .3XJ
SEATTLE, Wash., July 0. — Maupin won a
pitchers' battle against Stovall- to-day, the
only run of the game being scored by Hulen
In the first inning on his hit and steal of sec
ond, an out and Hurley's hit. San Francisco
could net only two hits In any one inning.
Tne Injunction proceedings against Stovall have
been dropoed. Score:
. R. H. E.
Seattls 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 xr— I 5 2
San Francisco ..00000000 0 — 0 & 2
Batteries — Maupin and Stanley; Stovall and
Zearfoss. Umpire — Huston.
TACO11A. Wash.. July 0.— To-day's rame
was very poorly played. The bright spot' was
a one-handed catch made by Jack Lawler
against -the back fence while going at full
upeed, the greatest fielding performance ever
seen on the local grounds. Attendance. 1100.
Score :
Stolen bases — Graham <2). Slieehan, Casey,
Meany. Townsend. Doyle, McLaushlin. Errow
— Meany, Delmao (2). Two-base hits — Mc-
Laughlln, Pabst, Leahy. First base on er
rors — Sacramento 2. First base on called balls
-J-Off Iberg 1, off rtrown 4. I*eft on bases —
San Francisco 5, Sacramento 7. Struck out —
By Iberg 1, by Brown 3. Double plays —
Doyle to Graham: Shay to Delmas to Pabst;
McLauRhlln to Graham; Doyle to Townseml;
D»lma.« to Shay to Pabst. Passed ball — Gra
ham. Wild pitches— Brown 2.; Time of game
—1:40. Umpire — O'Connell.
Sl'MMARY.
Sacramento 0 0 0 O 0 0 1 0 0 — 1
nase hits 10 O 1 1 11 1 1 — 7
San Francisco 0 0 0 2 0 0 O 0 • — 2
Base hits 1 o 1 2 1 1 0 0 • 0
whitewash that seemed due. The score:
Sacramento — I San Francisco—
AB. R. H. P.A. AB. R. II. P.A.
HIdbrd.lf 4 0 0 2 0 Shay. s..4 0 1 1 tt
Doyle, cf 4 0 2 4 2 Meany.rf 4 0 2 10
MLgn. rf 4 0 2 3 1 Irwin. 3b 1 0 0 2 3
Twnsd.lb 4 O 0 S O L*ahy, c 4 1 I 4 2
Egan, s. 4 O O 1 1 Pabst, lb Tt 1 1 13 O
Casey,2b 3 1113 Lynch. If 3 0 O 3 0
Khehn.Sb 4 O 2 o *J Krug. cf 3 O 1 2 O
Grahm. c 4 0 O 5 0 Delms,2b 2 0 0 13
Brown, p 3 0 0 0 1 Iberg, p. 3 0 0 0 0
Hogan, * 1 ' 0 0 0 0
Totals 27 2 0 27 14
•Batted for Brown In ninth.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
An eighty-eight-dog open stake wiJl be
run at the Irigleside Coursing Park next
Saturday and Sunday. Prizes aggregat
ing $660 will be distributed. The drawing
last night resulted as follows:
Open eishty-<>ight dog stake— F. Rosenberg's
My Nell vs C. V.\ Booner** Landslide- C.
J'ltcher k Bright Fortune vs. J. Dowllng's Sir
I^iwrence: Tim Sullivan's Slevenanom vs P
Hme't Mary Low; F. Logane Krishna vs.
G. L. Crawford's Patricia; I'. M. Mullarkys
I asfca Pkayant vs. G. Travis' Linda Vista;
O. O'Shea Jr.s Yukon vs. A. G. Halsh's
Eagle: George Sharman's McIIer.ry vs A Ser
?<T*-on's B<>11 Hill; Chiarini Bros." ' S*-m»ro
riius vs. E. Preston's P.eal Pasha; A U Cur
tis' Flying Fox vs. E. J. Ern.sfs Rich Ar
*ro5y; G. O'Shea Jr.'g Young Fearless vs \
Alsy McDonald: J O'Sbea Jr 's
Maid of Mercy vp. T. ISurke's' Larry Wl J
llod*ers' Erebus \e. R. Abridge"* Sofala; <;'.
L. Crawford's Laughing Water vs. J Kerri
tran'R Prometheus; F. Murphy's Golden Gar
ter vs. P. Joiner's Flora Bird: O. Zahl's Ho
mer Boy vs. E. G. Porrier'* Yellow Tail; G.
Vaughn's Haddington vs. C. L. ApjiUby'n
Terah; T. Maner"? Intruder vs F. Burns' Bel
la Lloyd; J. F. Rodgers' May Flush vs J
J. KdniunJs' Go On: E. McCormick's Molly
Mack vs. A. M. Connor's Africander; W u
Kramer's Lily Wricht vs. O. Zahl:- Miss Will
son; C<t>r]ce Woods' Sj-lvan vs A Duker's
I'ure lVarl; J. J. Edmunds' Whisky liill vs
T. Comlsky'n Castle BUneyboy; J." Kramer's
Onward Maud vs. J. Trevlin's Pepper JacV-
L. P. Hart's Alcbaba \i. F. RosenberE's
!-adv Chioulta; T. lagan's MIfs Griznle vs
J. Wittman's Pullman Girl; T. Murphy's Miss
Rrumniil vs. J. Ihrgan'p Flora Belle; J
Pwwmy's May Hemrw-tead vs. A Murphy's
Equator: C. L. Appleby's S«r Pasha vs. C.
\V. Bonner's Valid; J. OShea Jr.'s Little
Mercy vb. W. J. Leonard's Little Plunder; J.
I>ennis' RemlsFo Anlrao vs. C. fiharman's Gen
eral D^wet: A J. Hoey's Jack Short vs U
G!!Ie«ple' B Whit« Hat; H. J. Pccbner's White
Mystery vs. C. FiFher'g White Tail; T. Sulli
van's Maid of Potrero vs. F. Jone3 f Har!ean
<^la<J>F: p. Mullarky's Black Coon vs. W. Mi
ber'g Thetis; G. L. Crawford's Idaho Boy vs
W. J. Leor.ard's Tom Hurlick: J. Martin's
Kmin n«-y ve. E. G. Porrier*s Advance Guard;
K. Geary's Bonnie Hughey vs. C. Pickard's
nrtcht Gold; E. Gearj-'s I'na vs. J. Hbea's
Recast; J. O'Shca Jr.'s Bob R vs P A
Smith's Ftar Pylvanus; F. Murphy's Iffbmfto
vs. Kelly & Hanlty's Naughty Girt; w
Young W*r Eagie ve. A. Srgerson's Clover",
dale: O Zahl's Conroy vs. F. Jones' Wedge-
Ti-ood: F. Mnrphy's Flower of Gold vs p
White's Red Pepper; A. F. Blddle'n Frisky
Barbara vs. C. Graw'e Martha Washington
FAST DOGS TO COURSE
AT INGLESIDE PARK
son. McGlnnity and Bowerman.
MTTSISfcRG. July 9. — Qarvln would have
won his game had not three errors let In three
runs for Pitteburg in the sixth inning.. At
tendance 2440. Score:
R. H. E.
Plttburgr ..3--8r2
Brooklyn 1 5 ; 3
Batteriep— Leevcr and Smith; Garvln and
Rltter. Umpire — Johnstone.
AMERICAN LKAGUB. ,
BOSTOJC. July 9.— Boston ¦ again • .. defeated
Chicago here to-day, five; to. three. 'Callahan
strained' his leg. and was "finally, forced to re
tire. His consequent weakness on bunts In the
third cost Chicago the game. Freeman's home
run ecoringr the menj on bases. Attendance
5000. Score : •
- R. H. E.
Boston ;.;.........• 5 7 0
Chicago ...:..... ~. 3 7 1
Batteries — Dineen and, Criger; ; Flaherty and
Flattery. : ¦>", : . >.•,.!. '
PHILADELPHIA, July ».-^Cleveland and
the home team Indulged In a slugging match
this afternoon and the latter won in a ten-
Inning contest. Plank and Wright "were
knocked out of -the box." - Attendance 4000.
Score:
• R. ,'H. E.
Cleveland \. 8' 11 ; 2
Philadelphia :..........': :.-.... 0 12-2
Batteries — Wright. .Bernhardt and Bemls;
Plank. Henley and Powera.-
WASHrNGTON. July ».— 'Detroit never had
a look-in at to-day's game. Washington • held
a batting matinee and piled up a total of
twenty- four hits, o? which three wore home
huns, three triples and two doubles. Attend
ance 1103. Score: ¦ •
h.1h.;e.
Washington ..17 24 4
Detroit 4 5 6
Batteries — Wilson and Drill; Mullln,' Deer
ing and McGulre. i : --•
NEW YORK, July 0. — After trailing behind
St. Louis in to-day's game from the sixth, the
locals made a batting rally in thn eighth.
which, aided by Heldrick's error and Kahoe's
f umble, ¦ netted three runs and 'won, for them.
Attendance 1700. Score: N ' ,
. ' R. H.-E.
New York «. 5 10 ; 2
St. Louis .T 4 . 10 ...3
, Batteries — Griffith and Bevllle;' Seevers and
*Kahoe. ¦>;• ' BMHBBHHB
From the start the game was a nice one
to look upon— full of fast fielding and
clever work on the bags by the Senators.
Both pitchers were working up to tne top
notch of their best form and therefore
hits did not come in abundance nor were
they bunched very often. It was either
team's game for a hit at any time and
the result was always doubtful.
Five fast double plays were pulled off
during the encounter and tncy tavtU.ad
many, run?. Three of these were made
by the Senators, while Uncle's crowd
were responsible for one less. McLaugh
lin and Doyle each threw runners out
from their positions in the outfield and
each time it appeared as though the run
ners could make the distance easily.
The home team got in its good work in
the fourth inning, when both runs were
scored. In that Inning Irwin walked, but
was forced at third at Leahy. Pabst came
through with a nice double-sac'cer into
the center garden, which bounded away
from Doyle, and Leahy came right ! on
till the plate was crossed.
Pabst was waiting on second for some
thing to turn up, when all of a sudden
Krug landed for a terrific wallop down
to Casey. The ball was breaking the
speed record for the distance and the sec
ond baseman did not have a chance to
intercept its course. While- it bounded to
the outfield Pabst came in with the last
run of the local team.
Ham Iberg had all the Senators on his
staff till the seventh Irinlng was at hand
and then they began to get a little jerry
to his offerings. Casey hit and stole the
second' bag. Sheehan's out put him on
third and then Graham hit a hot one
down to Charley Irwin. Irwin was in a
hurry to do something great and there
fore threw a trifle high to the plate and
this let Casey score and saved the Sena
tors from being handed* the package of
double play in the last half of
the ninth round at Recreation Park
yesterday. Mike at the time had
two of his shining lights, on the
bags and only one was down. The
score was 2 to 1 and It looked as though
a tie might be possible, but Hogan hit
into the double play and all was then
quiet.
MIKE FISHER was rudely awak
ened from his dreams about
pennants and renewals of con
tracts by a fast and furious
ONE HUN WINS FOR SEATTLE.
Batteries — Gray, Newton and Hurlburt;
Hogg and Shea.
SEATTLE, Wash., July «.— Good hitting by
Seattle and costly errors by Oakland won the
game easily for the locals to-day. Hughes'
pitching was the feature. Score:
Seattle 2 0 2 0 0 2 0 2 x— H ' 11* 2
Oakland 0 10 0 0 0 0 0 0—1 « 7
.Batteries — Hughes and Boettiger; Cooper
and Gorton. 1'iv.plre — McDonald.
(Pacific Coast League.)
W. L.. Pet. I W. L. Pet.
Los Angeles. .57 30 .G55|Oakland ....41 66 .422
Sacramento .53 30 .59*1 Seattle 32 f«2 .380
Fran 63 40 .370 Portland 29 G2 .35S
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
BRIGHTON BEACH ENTRIES.
NEW 1ORK. July fl.— Brighton Beach en
tries for Friday are:
First race, six furlongs, two-year-olds
Sandhurst Ii2. I^atheron 102 Wotan 112 Mid
shipman 1C2. Grazlallo 112 Topic 102 Knob
hampton 112, Sals 102. Sacrerius 1O» Great
Crossing IKl, Montana King 112, Bob Murphy
Second race, one ?nd an eighth miles three
year-oli>. selling— Sambo 10.''. Homestead 100,
Circus 112. L«ord Advocate !tf;. Turnpike 94
Justice m. Wat'-r Tower 111 Thcrneycroft 10S*
Early Eve Stl. Cogswell ftS. Ethics 1C8 Colon
say 102. Belle of Troy 101. '
Third race, six furlongs, hlgbweight handi
cap—Ktng Carter 100, Many Thanks IfHJ.
Knight of Harlem 108, Ingoid 119 Illyria ion
Wealth 122. Operator • 122. St. "Finnan 12o]
Duke of Kendal 12">. Flying Buttress 1O7,
Midnight Chimes 104, Saccharometer 12l!
Duelist 12.".
Fourth race, one and a quarter miles three
year-olds and up. handicap — Flying Jib 113,
Tusral l>y 112. W. R. Condon 11C Thorney
crcft 121. Brigand 115, Bon Mot 124, War
ranted 120 Himself 119. Daly 113.
Fifth race, five furlongs, maidf-n two-year
old fillies — My Sister 105, I^ady Bedse 10T>.
Marme e 1C5. Sunnyeide 105 Divination 105.
M. Theo 105. Margaret O 105. Mrs. Bessie
Fuilum 105. Prlstlna 103 Possession 105 Sea
Gate 105 To San 105. Black Socks 105, Magic
Flute 105, Salada JC.'. Stroma 105.
,Slxth race., one and a sixteenth mile*, three
year-olds and up. selling — Our Nugget 97, Car
dican 10$ Henry Clay Rye 106. Decoration 94.
Ur.te-rock 100. Dark Planet 09. Eva Mine f»0,
Lanwman 106. Kingraine 111. Early Eve 101.
Rostand 99. Anak 111. Spring Silk 9f» Syrlln
101 Past 86. Tribes Hill 106. Rocky 111.
Weather clear; track fast.
BRIGHTON BEACH SELECTIOXS.
(By the New York Telegraph.)
Flrwt Race— Knobbampton, Mon
tana King;. Bob .Mnrphy.
Second Race — Sambo, IStblcn,
Hontpntead.
Third Race— -St. Finnan, Operator,
Many Titan kn.
Fourth ltao* 1 Thorneycroft,' Fly
ine Jib, lion Mot.
Fifth Itnce 1'onntnnion, Prlntlna,
Manic Flute.
Sixth Rbcp— KInsfraine, Lance
man, Decoration.
SIXTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
purse; maiden 3-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. ?;. Fin.
11 to 5 — Card. Wolsey. 107(Oannon) 3 1 ] »
lift to 1 — William Stead. HO(Bolsen) 4 2 2 h
9 to 5 — Irascible. 110 (Redfcrn). . . 8 :t 3 1
Time. 1:48 2-6. Start bad. Wen cleverly.
Winner. K P. Keene's b. g. hv St. Leonards -
Hampton Eelle. Polite 107, Amente 105 Spring
Silk 110. Duncannon 110. E. Kelston 'l07 /\V
Crest 107. Sentinel 107. Vartray 107 Medal 105
Sir Ellerslie 107. Jola 103. also ran"
FIFTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
T>-year-olds and up; F^liirtg:
Benin?. Horse Weight Jockey. St. *i. Fin.
5 to 1— Damcn, 101 (O'Neill) 3 1 12
11 to r< — Ccurtenay, IOC (Hums) 7 4 2 4
" to 1— Arden. 100 (Cochran) 2 3 3h
Time, 1 :47 :i-T>. Start poor. Won driving.
Wli-ner, R. H. McPotter's blk. c. by Nomad-
Rosalle. Dark Planet lftl. AH Souls 102.
Neither One 101, McWDliams 110. Sir Florlan
IDS. Bar le Due 107. Alclke 100. Bob Hilliard
101, El Mido His. lMnmaj'ter Bailey 1C3, Nettie
Regent 101. Eloim 101. also ran.
FOI'RTH RACE— Seagate Stakes, one and
an eighth miles; 3-year-olds:
Dotting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *;. Fin.
13 to 6 — Rigodon. 121 (Gannon) 4 1 In
Even— Proper, lift (pdom) 12 23
30 to 1— Dr. Baylor, 121 (O'N'ell)... 3 4 3h
Time, 1:53 3-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. J. R. Keene'a br. c. by St. Gatien-
Minuet. Fire Eater 110. also ran.
THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; handicap; 2
year-ol<ls:
Betting. Hors» Wcicht. Jockey. St. »4. Fin.
4 to 1— Jim Kelly. 121 (McCuc)... 3 1 1 »i
2 to 1— Jocund. 120 (Burns) S 2 2 3
:i to 1— Pentaur. 12." (Bullnaan) 1 3 3 3
Time, 1:14. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner, F. A. Jones' b. c. by Dr. McBride-Albana.
Monadnock 115, Ninepin 117, also ran.
SECOND RACE — Six furlongs; purse; 3-year
olds-
Helling Hors? Weight. Jockey. St. *i. Fin.
J5 u , i —counterpoise. 10.{ (Fuller) 1 2 1 h
•j to 20— Shotgun. 110 (Odom) 5 1 2 3
5 to 1— Rosetint. Ill (Burns) It 3 3h
Time 1:1.5. Start fair. Won driving. Win
ner. J. U Hollands ch. g. by Bathampton-Bal
ance II. Tarn o' Shanter 100. Gravina 111.
AdkM !K>. Risht Cross 1*1, Faulcon Bridge 10<i.
Cappamore 1W, also ran. '*"•?".
NEW YORK. July 9.— James R. Keene's
Rigodon and Walter B. Jennings* Proper
furnished the best contest of the after
noon at Brighton Beach to-day, where
some 8000 enthusiasts sweltered and en
deavored to forset the heat in the spir
ited struggles which prevailed during the
day. The race in question was the Sea
gate stakes, worth $3090 to the winner.
Proper was favorite on account of his
good second to Goldsmith, when he fin
ished in front of Lux Casta and Afri
cander at Sheepshead Bay on June SO.
The race narrowed down in the last
half mile to a rare struggle between Gan
non on Rigouon and Odora on Proper. The
Keene coit had saved ground by coming
through next to the rail and this told in
his favor at the end, for only by ex
traordinary hard work did Gannon get
the big brown colt a head in advance, of
Prcpor. Dr. Savior beat Fire Eater a
head for thiid place. Summary:
FIRST RACn— Five and a half furlongs; 2
year-o!ds; selling: ', -•¦-." •¦• ¦.-•¦>
lVttlnc Horse Weight. Jockey. St. *». MJ.
.' to .Vaunts iirennan. 104 (Hicks) 2 112
4 to 1— Muhave. 103 (O'Neil). .. . . . . 2 - ?t
8 to !— Short Cake, 102 (Fuller) 5 6 .i 1
Time 1:07 4-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner. A. Simons' b. f. by Dr. McBrlde-An
nul Hooey I??e OS. Suitor Knot 10t>, King
Crane 104. ' Prince of Elm 102, San Remo Vi,
Ointment fH>, Hoceo 10S. Highwind 101. also
ran.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Jimmy Britt is training at Croll's Gar
dens, Alameda. with Corbett. Jack
O'Keefe's interests are being looked after
by "Western Al" Smith. O'Keefe started
in training a few days ago. He is work
ing at Shee-han's roadhouse on the ocean
beach. Britt and O'Keefe will fight twen
ty rounds under the auspices of the Spn
Francisco Athletic Club on the 31st of this
month.
Corbftt and Delaney discussed other
matters. Delaney trained Corbett for all
his big lights until Jim suffered defeat at
the hands of Fitssimmons at Carson and
since then has looked after Jeffries.
Delaney and Corbott and James W.
Coffroth. representing the Yoserr.ite Ath
letic Club, under whose auspices the men
will fight, met at Harry Corbett"s saloon
last night and discussed the prices for the
big ••go." Tlio maximum price will be
O and the minimum S3 a ticket. ; '
Delaney said Jeffries went out on the
road for the first time last Wednesday.
He says Jeff is in good shape and weighs
pounds. He thinks the big fellow will
weigh "la pounds when he enters the
ring against Corbett. Corbett attended
the performance at Fischer's last even
ing. He is in splendid condition and as
confident as ever of victory.
No oth«>r nansrs wore brought up in the
discussion over the third man to be in the
ring on the evening of the contest.
Oraney was agreeable to Corbett and also
to Jeffries. Delaney was authorized to
fcgree to the "little horseshoer" and the
selection was made without debate.
Graney's selection will meet with the
approval cf ringgcors. as he has given
s=at!sfaction in the past. lie is con
scientious and knows every move in the
game. Grar.ey rcfereed the contest be
tween Jeffries and Fitzsiramor.s last July
and his activity :n the ring arid the ease
with which he made the big heavy
weights obey his inft ructions pleased
everybody. Granry refereed the Hanlon-
Corbett. Corbett-McGovern. Eritt-Fitz-
Kerald. Gans-Fitzgerald and other bat
tles. In his youth he was the best ama
teur boxer of The Olympic Club. He was
the trial horse for all the professional
lightweights who made their appearance
before the old California Athletic Club.
Eddie Grancy will referee the Corbett-
Jrffries championship battle, which will
be broufrht off in Mechanics' Pavilion on
August 14. Ho was selected last night by
Corbctt and "Billy" Delaney. trainer of
the boilor-makcr. The selection was rr.acle
while the pair were crossing the bay last
evening. Corbett was on his way to his
brothers saloon to meet Delaney, who.
journeyed all the way from Harbin
Springs to complete arrangements for the
bis battle.
Britt and O'Keefe Preparing
for Their Third
Meeting.
Counterpoise at Fifteen to
One Beats a Fast
Field.
California Colt Proper
Loses the Stake by
a Head.
Corbott and Delaney
Select Him for
Big Fight
EDDIE GRANEY
TO BE REFEREE
RIGODON FIRST
IN THE SEAGATE
Uncle Hank's Followers Slug In a Pair of TalliesjDuring the Fourth Round,
Which Bring Victory Their Way---Ham Iberg and His Slow Curves Play
an Important Part in a Very Fast Game Replete With Snappy Fielding
DOUBLE PLAY IN THE NINTH INNING
KEEPS SENATORS FROM TYING SCORE
GRANEY WILL REFEREE THE CHAMPIONSHIP CONTEST BETWEEN JEFFRIES AND C0RBETT
SELLING STAKES
FOR HELEN PRINT
OUTSIDER WINS
M IDWAY STAKES
Argyle Filly a Handy
Winner of Delmar
Feature.
The Conqueror First at
Odds of Forty
to One.
Scorpio Leads Into Stretch
and Then Falls to the
Rear.
Thirty Bookmakers at Wash
iDgton Park Placed Un
der Arrest. •
Special Dispatch to The Call
CHICAGO, July 9.— The Conqueror II,
outsider in the betting at 30 and 40 to 1.
won the Midway stakes at Washington
Park to-day. The race was thought to
lie between Hargis and John McGurk, and
they were backed to the exclusion of
everything else.
Hargis jumped into the lead at the start
and maintained that position until round
ing the far turn, where he faltered, and
The Conqueror, coming from behind, won
as he pleased.
After the last race thirty of the book
makers were arrested for violating the
anti-betting law, but were released In a
few minutes on bonds which had been
previously prepared?
Following the raid on the betting ring
a fl^e, undoubtedly of incendiary origin,
was discovered in the grand stand. The
blaze was discovered just after the last
race. The stand was nearly empty, and
of" the thousands who saw the afternoon's
sport, few were aware of the attempt to
destroy the club's property. Quick work
by employes of the club saved the stand
and the damage done amounted*. to only a
few dollars.
A quantity of some inflammable fluid,
either alcohol or gasoline, had been
poured into the fire , buckets. The
contents of the buckets were thrown
on the blazs, causing it to spread in all
directions. A line of hose was quirkly
attached to the pipe3 connected with the
water tank on the roof of the stand and
the flames were soon extinguished. Sum
mary: : ~.;-£-; '-:¦' •'
FIRST RACE— One mile; selling.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
4 to 5 — Mary Glenn, 31 (Wilson). 2 115
Itt to 1— Mezzo, S3 (F. Booker) 8 2 2 5
20 to 1— Bard Avon. 105 (Wond'ly) 7 5 3 1
Time, 1:40 3-5. Start good. Won in a can
ter. - Winner, Gorman & P.auer's b. f. by Tsu
ton-Thlstie. Hot 103, Anna Beall 8.S. Best
Man 0s. Slap Dash 105, Zella Knight 101. Lady
Chorister 100, Latson 105. Fullback 03. Ed
Adack 105 and Timber Lake 10O also ran.
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs: purse.
Betting. Horse. Welsht. Jockey. St. «4 Fin.
13 to 1— The Crisis. 107 (Adkins).. Ill 3>4
7 to 1— Hardolph. 112 (Landry)... 7 2 2^
12 to 1— B. Broom. 112 (Heigesen). 5 7 3 2
Time, 1:13.1-5. Start fair. Won in a can
ter. Winner. Talbot Bros.' ch. f. by The Com
moner-Mies Leaflet. Sidney C. Love 112. First
Chip 112. Orf»o 109. J. Sidney Walker 112 and
Americano 11- also ran.
THIRD RACE— One and an eighth miles;
Midway *tak*-s.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
30 to 1— OonVr II. 10.J (H. Phillips) 8 3 1^
8 to 5 — Hargls, 111 (Henry) 4 2 2 *i
10 to 1— GolU Bell, OS (Reed) 5 6 3 1
Time, 1 :5:j. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, B. Vincent's blk. h. by Sir-IMxon-Repeat.
Schwalbe !Wi. Vlncennes 10.". Roiling Boer 108.
Captain Arnold fcs and John McGurk 100 also
ran.
FOURTH RACE— One mile: handicap.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey, St. % Fin.
11 to 5— Bragg. 102 <Knapp) tt 2 1 \%
ft to 1— Epicure. 105 (Adkins) 3 3 2 h
2 to 1 — J. Ratlin. 102 (3. Bonner). 11 3 Vt
Time, 1:30 2-5. Start good. Won handily.
Winner, James Curl's b. c. by Fiddartha-Can
tatrire. Hussar 100, Monsieur Beaucalre 92
and Elsie L Dei also ran.
FIFTH RACE— Five furlongs: selling.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
.7 to 2— N. Hedge, Ks <L. Wilson). 2 2 1^
10 to 1 — My Jane. 9«> (Henderson).. 3 12 1
8 to 1— Hd*ro. Fforry. 05 (Meadc). 5 4 3 34
Time, 1 :00 2-5. Start poor. Won easily.
Winner, W. W. Darden & Co.'s ch. f. by Ros
slngton-Mrs. Lane. William Wright 102, Salto
»7, Nettle Dutchman 92. Darro 90, Susie Chris
tian 91. Sweetie 105. Sauerkraut 05, Carmellta
!»l and Spencerlan 91 also ran.
SIXTH RACE— One mile: selllnr.
Betting. Haise. Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
12 to 1— F. Wentker.103 (L. Wilson) 6 2 11
7 to 1— Ev'yn Byrd. OS (J. Baker). 13 2 1
23 to 1— Kunja. lCtt (A. W. Booker) 8 9 3 h
Time. 1 :42. Start fair. Won easily. Winner,
B. Schrelber's b. c. by Saln-Caroline Hamil
ton. Moablna 105. Ontonagon 103, Urchin 105,
Avoid 100. Felix Bard 105. Alllne Abbott 10.!.
Blue Mint as. Fair Lady Anna 91 and Silk
Cord llu alsa ran.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ST. LOUIS, July 9.— The July Selling
stakes was the feature event at Delmar
Park to-day. The race was won by Helen
Print handily, she receiving a perfect
ride from Jockey F. Smith. Scorpio, fa
vorite in the betting at 11 to- 5, Jumped
into the lead when the barrier went up
and maintained that position until the
stretch was reached, and then quit like a
cur when collared. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Seven furlongs, selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
10 to 1 — Legation. 05 (Howell) 7 3 1 h
10 to 1 — Great Star, 100 (Wilkins) 12 2 1
12 to 1— Lillle Long. 101 (Hlggins) 4 6 3 1
Time. l:3u,&. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, M. P. Mattlngly's br. f. by Jim Gore-
Brlganza. Certain 109, Pamplona 100, Jeans
Beckham 91, Poyntz 107, Hattie- Davis 05.
Faquita 100, Siphon 102, Lady Obey 100, Edna
Lowe 94 also ran.
SECOND RACE — Seven furlongs, selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »4 Fin.
5 to 2 — Custus, 99 (F. Smith)... 7 2 11
9 to 5 — Dr. Clark. 104 (Troxler). 3 3 2 2
It! to 1 — Also Ran II. 104 (D.Hall) 4 1 3 n
Time, 1:29S4. Start good. Won handily.
Winner. J. F. Daniels & Co.'» ch. g. by
Frontman^Popgun. Morris Volmer 102. Hanry
of Franstamar lift Countess Clara 102. Chick
asha V>, Mahoni 91 also ran.
THIRD RACE — Five furlongs, selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 1— J.W.O'Neill, 106 (Troxler) 2 1 1 »i
8 to ft— Mag Nolln, 110 (Bell) 4 3 2 6
8 to 1— Perla, 102 (Shea) 1 2 3 nk
Time, l:02'i. Start gocd. Won handily.
Winner. E. Trotter's ch. c. by Peter McCue-
Tern. Kilo 100, Lr. Cartledge 98. Ach 95 also
ran. . • •¦•
FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs. July selling
stakes:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
10 to 1— Helen Print. 9S (F.Smith) 3 7 1 U,
IS to 1— Croix d'Or, 101 (Higgins). 2 6 2 h
9 to 2— Fnfc Bell, 113 (If.Booker) 4 2 3 n
Time. 1:15. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. J. F. Daniels & Co.'s b. f. by Argyle-
Manetta. Santa Ventura 101, Hilee 103, Bridga
99, Evea G. 94, Scorpio 114 also ran.
FIFTH RACE — Mile and seventy yards,
handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
2 to 1 — Jk Young. 103 (Schilling) -i 'A 1 n
6 to 1— DeReszke. 102 (Calvit).. 3 2 2 n
7 to 2— Prquoia Pas, 93 (Higsins) 2 13 2
Time, 1:47^4. Start good. Won drivlnsr.
Winner, G. C. Baker's br. c. by Lampllghter-
Johnetta. Kenova 90. Kansas Lily 92 also
ran.
SIXTH RACE — One and an eighth miles,
sallinsr:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
6 to 5 — The Messenger 105 (Shea) 2 111
9 to 2 — Handspinner, 102. (Scully) 3 3 2 n
10 to 1— Gin Spray. 102 (Louden). 4 4 3 *i
Time. 1:57%. Start good. Won handily.
Winner, A. Bellew & Co.'s b. h. by Upwards.
Irene S. Baronet ICO, Pathos S3 also ran. ,
DELMAR. ENTRIESv
ST LOUIS. July 0.— Delmar's entries for Fri
day are:
First race, four and a half furlongs, selling —
Thunderatlon J>8. Glen Esher 9«, Quaker Girl
100. Rlngwalt 1CS. Benton 95. Tom Rowe 104.
Enigma 95. Alcom R 104. Lila Noel 100. Or<t
McKinney 95. Rhyme and Reason 104, Tom Ki
ley 117.
Second race, six furlongs, selling — Litt>
Corker 87, Carrie Hope 104. Caelana C3, Stub
102. Alflo 95. Dr. Clark 106. Clara Wood 1O4.
A Convict 95. Redola 95, John Grigsby 10t>.
Macbeth 107. Lynch 101.
Third race, five furlongs, purse — Anna Hardy
98. Hoedown 1OJ. Mentis ICC. MlUbrook 111.
Lord HeTmence 107, Turrando 100, Wigwam
1C6, Frank Collins 103. Foxy Grandpa X05.
Scalper 10C. Tootsey Mack 108. Ingolthrlft lOti.
(Millbrook and Foxy Grandpa T. P. Hayes" en
tries.)
Fourth race, seven furlongs, purse — Golden
Glitter 105. Poseur 95. Mios Mae Day 108, Mary
Lavana 85. Maude Gonne 105. _ .
Fifth rare, one and a sixteenth rrl>«i, selling
— King's Pet 100. Orpheum 96. SRttle Clyde
ICG. Dawson 103. Ha nan 1C3, Pierce J 107, Eu
genie S 102. Charlie Ramsey 100. ""
Sixth race, six and a half furlongs, selling —
Reducer 106, Ladas 111. D. I* Moore 97 Lord
Neville 109. Virgie d'Or 104. Clalrs lOfl. Flckl*
Saint ICO. Bear Creek 102. Custus 96 Jerry
Hunt 1«:«. Blue Grass Girl 95. Be True 114.
Weather clear; track fast.
DELMAR SELECTIONS.
(By the New York Telegraph.)
First Rnce — Knlcrma, Rhyme and
Reason. Tom Rorre.
Second Race— Caelana, Macbeth.
Dr. Clark.
Third ({sice— Injjolthrift. Turrmn
do. IIoe«I«»wn.
Konrtli Race — Posear, Maud
Gonne. Mnry Lavana.
Fifth Race Engenta S, Pierce J,
Charles Ramsey. /
Sixth Race— Clales, Cnatns, Blue
Grass Girl.
To-morrow both Shamrocks will be
taken into the drydock and cleaned and
the underbody of the challenger re
painted. The tuning-up process will be
resumed Monday and will involve daily
trials between the Shamrock I and tha
Shamrock III until Sir Thomas and» Mr.
Fife are satisfied the challenger cannot
be improved.
JIG STEEL POLE MAST
OF CHALLENGER REPLACED
NEW YORK. July 9.— The hlg steel pole
mast of the Shamrock III was lifted out
of her as she lay in Erie Basin to-day
and the mate to it. but three and a half
feet taller, was stepped in its place. The
new spar was one she had used in her
early trials at "Weymouth. England, and
will give an opportunity for greater sail
spread, which Designer Fife evidently de
sires after watching the new boat's trials
in the calm weather that has prevailed off
Sandy Hook most of the time for the last
ten days.
WASHINGTON PARK ENTRIES.
CHICAGO. July 0 — Washington Park en
tries for Friday are:
First race mile — Inventor 110 Piederich 109.
Frank M 109. Gregor K 101. Bad News 99.
Sioux Chief 9T. Lendin 67. Rossmond 97, Glass,
ful IMS.
Second race. six furlongs — Runnels 110.
Headwater ICO. Sylvia Talbot 10S. Walna
moinen 1C5. Red Raven 103. Mary McCafferty
101.
Third race five furlongs, selling — St. Paula
107. My Gem 103, Helgerson 103. Nannie
Hodse 103. Mlnsore 1C3. Cognomen 09, Ban
well OS. Oudon 08, Dunjrannon 97. Bery Wad
dell 95 My Ester 9.1 Gayo»a 9'J, El Corteza
93. Louis Kraft 93. Croppie 90.
Fourth race, mile and 50 yards, selling —
Warte Nlcht 112. Eshertn 102 Galba 104, Sir
Hush 102. Orslna 102, Lord Touchwood 100.
Airlight 100. Hindi OS, Mlrance 95.
Fifth race, one and a sixteenth miles, sen-
Ins— Latson 10.% Marcos 100, Jaubert 100,
Prince Blazes 09. Domadge 97. Alma Girl 95.
Little Elkln 94. Alee 94. Banana Cream 82.
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles, sell
ing — Antonius 103. Captain Arnold 99 Miracle
II 99 Louisville OS. Carat OS. C. B. Campbell
!»4 Charlie Thompson 94, Evelyn Byrd 92,
Pirate 8S.
Weather cloudy; tracW fast.
WASHINGTON PAftK SELECTIONS.
(By the Chicago Inter Ocean.)
First Ilncc— (irrgor K, Bad Xewi,
Glnnnfnl.
Second Race — Runnels, S j-lvla
Talbot. Wainamolnen.
Third Race— St. I'nnln, Helgerson,
Dnnennnon. \
Fonrth Race— Orilnn, Lord Tonch
nnnd. Ksherln.
Klftii Race Prince Biases, Do
mndsr, Little Elktn.
v Sixth Race — Antonlna, Evelyn
Oyrd, Pirate. BERK
THE SAN -FB A K.CISCO CALL, 1 RIDAY, JULY 10, 3903.
MIKE FISHER'S FIRST BASE
MAN SCOOPING A LOW
BALK
8
Scrupulous care In the bottllns department Is a Blatz law Th« m««» i~,
proved and sanitary methods known to s^ence are there In useT m °*y*>~
5rHT,hnr U r e a ff« S r^ rl^ ed 2". d Z™ 7 vrteAjition exercised.
At club or cafe or delivered In bottles to th« home.
Blatz is the beer of quality.
BLATZ MALT- VI VINE jl Non-Intoxicant-For^Tonlc Purposes.
BRAUNSGH WEIGER & CO., Inc.
_£oDd_Tprumm St.. Sap Frapelsea. Telephone Moln Ig4& Wboloole C« O |« ra .Schoolboy Wounded.
Captain L. Siebe of Shell Mound Park
$100, Pecks Theater $124 and S. Hubbard
$:. are the latest contributions to the fire
men's relief fund.
OAKLAND. July 9.-J. C. Quinn, a
lodger at the Arcata House, who was
burned in Sunday morning's fire, has
been removed to Fabiola Hospital. Quinn,
who is a, paralytic, was carried out by
Policemen Henderson and Andrews. His
arms and neck were badly burned. The
hospital attendants say the patient will
recover.
Fire Sufferer at Hospital.
ENQUIRES, CASE GOES
TO SUPREME COURT
Default Entered Against D. Edward
Collins for Not Amending
Complaint.
OAKLAND, July 9.— The suit of D.
Edward Collins, a minority stockholder
in the Oakland Enquirer Publishing Com
pany, against that company and Gover
nor George C. Pardee and Henry P. Dal
ton for an accounting is on its way to
the Supreme Court, according to Mr. Col
lins.
Default was entered to-day against Col
lins for failure to amend his complaint
within .the time allowed. Mr. Collins said
to-night that he considered his complaint
good and that the case would be appealed
to the Supreme Court upon that com
plaint. ¦ ' -i ,.'*'.
The suit was brought over a year ago
and was one of the sensations of the day.
Some depositions were taken, but
complaint in the case- was • repeatedly
knocked out in the Alameda County
courts as improper.
Dr. Crowley to Return.
OAKLAND, July 9.— Dr. D. D. Crowley
has written that he will return to Oak
land about July 13 and will resume his
practice about July 21. During his ab
sence he attended meetings of the^ Ameri
can Medical Society in New Orleans, the
New York State Medical Society In New
York, the meeting of American surgeons
in Washington and the Illinois Medical
Society In Chicago.
The damage was done two days ago and
the lads have eluded all attempts at their
apprehension until to-day. They entered
the school building by an unlocked win
dow and took considerable school prop
erty.
The attention of the school board was
called to the matter and the parents of
the youngsters are to be called to ac
count by the Board of Education at its
next meeting.
BERKELEY. July 9.— Three small chil
dren—Otto Zero, aged 9; William Zero, 12,
and Fred Monson, 10— were arrested this
morning for burglarizing the Le Conte
School in this city. They were taken to
the town jail, but were released, on their
own recognizance, as they were thought
to be too j'oung to prosecute or send to a
reform school. This was the decision of
the District Attorney, who was consulted,
and the lads were returned to their
homes.
Tender Years of Three Offenders
Save Them From Serious
Punishment.
MERE CHILDREN BREAK
• INTO BERKELEY SCHOOL
Work was suspended upon the Alameda
Fide cf the tunnel some weeks ago. be
cause Alameda was proceeding with the
boring more rapidly than Contra Costa.
There remains but 200 feet of the Ala
meda eide. of the tunnel to be completed,
and this is to be done by day work.
"I have sent for a superintendent to
manage the work, and as soon as he ar
rives we will finish our side of the tun
nel." said Supervisor Rowe to-day. "Th«
tools are on the ground, and we will have
no difficulty in getting men. Our side is
timbered and will be finished as we go.
but the Contra Costa people will be con
tent with a mere passageway for a
while. I think that we will be through
by September L"
OAKLAND. July S.— Supervisor H. D.
Rowe, the man who has done more than
any one else to make possible the build
ing of the tunnel through the Contra
Costa bills between Alameda and Contra
Costa counties, announces that work will
be resumed upon it in a few days and
that the tunnel will probably be com
pleted and ready for travel by Sep
tember 1.
Supervisor Bowe Says Hole Through
Hills Will Be Complete by
September.
WORK ON THE TUNNEL
TO BEGIN ONCE MORE
BERKELEY. July 9. — The dairy
school at thq University of California
will be entirely reorganized before th<i
next college year begins.^ In order to
more thoroughly familiarize the student
with the various breeds of dairy cattle.i
the department of .agriculture will im
port twenty cows from Holland, which
will increase the number of the present
herd to thirty. The new band will be
of Holstein, jersey and Guernsey breeds.
The course next year will deal partic
ularly wiib the fine points in picking out
a good dairy cow and the student will
be taught the essentials that mark a
good animal. Breeding and feeding will
be scientifically determined and the
milk from each cow weighed and tested
to show how valuable the different
breeds are for California dairy purposes.
The new barn which will be necessary
to house the cattle will be most modern
in all its appliances. Work on the
structure will be begun at oncf.
Students Will Be Taught How to
Pick Out Good Stock for
Milk Giving.
IMPORT COWS FOR THE
UNIVERSITY DAIRY SCHOOL
Charles A. Sessions', who was the local
agent for James P. Taylor, wholesale
coal dealer, was on the Owl that was
run into by the Stockton flier. He was
on his way to Fresno to meet his son,
who had been away from home for sev
eral months and was returning for Christ
mas. Mr. Sessions was fond of his boy
and warned to bring him home in per
son. The pan did not know that his
father was coming to meet him and did
not know that he was on the Owl train.
On the morning after the disaster he
parsed the wreck in which his father lay
without knowing that his body was in
the mass of tangled wood and iron.
Mrs. Ella A. Sessions and N. P. Ses
sions of this citv have sued the South
ern Pacific Company for $20,000 damages
for the killing of Charles A. Sessions,
who died of injuries received in the rail
road wreck at Byron last September. The
plaintiffs are the widow and the son of
the man that was killed, and their suit
¦was ¦ brought at Martinez.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1HS Broadway, July S.-
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, '
111? Broadway, July 9.
Policman Jack Scanlan is the hero of
a murfler mystery solution that has
broucht him no end of fame among his
frllcw members en the police force, as
•well r.s among a large coterie of select
spirits '"aJonc the line" who have been
Taken Into the secret of Scanlan's dar
i; ;g work.
It occurred a few nights ago when the
brarc bluecoat was suddenly disturbed
by the sound of uncanny moans and
groans and ghastly cries emitted from
b vacant storeroom on Seventh street.
r.car Myrtle. Thoughts of horrid crime
t'aphed upon the faithful puardian of the
l^ac. With the instinct of a trained
hVuth, Scanlan Ftarted on the trail of
those midnight moan? that had startled
I !m from the quiet of his morning watch.
!f irurder was being done behind the
1 arrrd doors of the vacant storehouse it
i\ •. s necessary, reasoned Sranlan. as .the
I :o<-»1 curdlins cries prated on his nerves,
to Kvirround the premises that the guilty
¦ rpetrmtor should not escape.
0 that end the patrolman caUe.d a
lunch of homeward bound railroad men
fl warned them of the probability of
trouble. The posse was= distributed at
::atopic point?. Drawing his pistol.
Sr,ir.!an marched up to the obstructed
1 ntrance. The door refused to yield. The
atrolman. worked ux> to fever heat by'
the proans. made an attack in force. He
'.- a bic man. With one stupendous ef
fort he smashed in the entrance, strode
over the wreck Into the dark room, head-
Ins straight for a still darker object that
was revealed by the glare of a pocket
¦amp. The gleam uncovered a large box
like structure, whence came the cries that
had aroused the officer to action. Call
ing the outside guards. Scanlan made for
the box. In the dim lantern light the
policeman uncovered two large barking
*calior.s. their ye'r* renewed with vigor
by the disturbance.
From the monsters of the deep had come
¦the sounds that foreboded evil doings.
Scanlan escaped graciously and cautioned
his companions to secrecy. The story be
came known to-dav because J. J. Mc-
Elroy, apent for the property, was look
ing for the policeman with a bill for re
pairing the broken door. The sealions
had been lodged in the vacant warerooms
en route to Idora Park, haying been ship
ped from Santa Barbara.
Victim Was on the Owl
and Met Death in the
Collision.
Jack Scanlan the Hero of
Encounter With Monsters
of the Deep.
Family of Charles A.
Sessions Now Asks
Damages.
Midnight Moans Foretell
Murder to a Brave
Policeman.
ONE SUIT OVER
WRECK IT BYRON
SOLVES MYSTEBY
OF AWFUL CRIES
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA BERKELEY OAKLAND ALAMEDA
MARION, Ind.. July- 9.— Barney Old
field ¦ to-day established a new world's
record by driving' an automobile a 'mile
on a half-mile track In 1:16 2-5. The pre
vious record for a mile on a half-mile
track was 1:26, made by< Winton.
Makes 2Iew Automobile Record.
,T,he little child that was found on the
doorstep at 953 Hayes street. last Tues
day night was adopted yesterday after
noon by Mrs. J.iCerf of 415 Eleventh
street. Mrs. Cerf appeared at theEmer :
gency Hospital yesterday and asked for
the child. Her request was granted, and
she says she will apply for letters of
guardianship. ¦ -
Adopts Abandoned Child.
Mrs. Harriett Cornell. 633 O'Farrell
street, secured a ' warrant from Police
Judge Cabaniss yesterday afternoon for
the arrest of Thomas J. Conway on a
charge of felony embezzlement. . She said
that Conway was a friend of her family
and on January 12 last she gave him her
diamond earrings valued atySSO to pledge.
He did so, but since then he' has failed
to hand over the money or the earrings,
although repeatedly asked to do so.
Wants Her Diamonds Back.
Frank Howard, who was tried before
a jury in Judge Lawlor's court on
Wednesday and yesterday on a charge of
assault, to murder, was convicted of the
minor charge of assault with a deadly
weapon. He will be sentenced to-morrow.
On the morning of April 3 he entered the
rooms of the Seattle Social Club, 57 Ellis
street, and raised a disturbance. Special
Officer Shea ordered him out and he
pulled a revolver and fired three shots at
Shea, one of the bullets striking William
Brcnnan on the hand.
Howard Convicted by & Jury.
Rudolph Knauff was arrested yesterday
afternoon on a warrant charging him
with threats against life. The warrant
was sworn to before Police Judge Caba
nlss by Lizzie Valencia, who lives on
Sansome street, near Broadway. She
said she had been giving Knauff money
for the past two years and a week ago
he broke open her trunk and stole $7S,
which he squandered in drink. Yester
day morning he went to her rooms and
demanded more money and when she re
fused he beat and threatened to kill her.
Says He Threatened Her Life.
Knox claims that three installcnnis
are due and remain unpaid, amounting to
W0 75, and therefore brings suit to "ecover.
William C. Kncx yesterday filed suit in
the Justice's court to recover money «1jc
on a promissory note made by Henry W.
Root and guaranteed by Henry J. Crock
er, the millionaire.
Tht complaint alleges that on April 20,
1903, Root executed the note in favor cf
Knox for $31S. The note stipulated th?t
it was to be f'epald in semi-monthly in
stallments of $10 23. It was guaranteed
by Henry J. Crocker, who wrote the lol
lowing words on its face: "Payment
guaranteed; notice, demand and j>t"Ote*-t
waived." ". rV ,
He Indorses Paper and No-w \v illiam
C. Knox, the Holder, Wants
Unpaid Installments.
HENRY J. CROCKER SUED
ON A PROMISSORY NOTE
DAY SET APART FOR
VETERANS IN OAKLAND
/
Plans Provide- for a Lunch and a
Tour Among: Points of
Interest. .
OAKLAND. July 9.— Thursday. Aneust
20, has been designated a3 "Oakland day"
in the official programme for the national
encampment of the Grand Army of the
Republic, which will take place- next
month in San Francisco. Mayor Warren
Olney, himself a veteran of the Civil
War, has enlisted a large number of citi
zens in a movement to arrange a fitting
entertainment for the visiting veterans
on that day. It la proposed to give an al
fresco luncheon on the shores of Lake
Merritt, with a tour of the gardens and
hills of Piedmont and a flying trip
through the orchards of Haywaxds and
that vicinity. The Grand Army -posts,
other veterans' organizations and the
Women's Auxiliary corps will keep open
house during the day.
The committee appointed by Mayor
Olney organized to-day at the Board of
Trade rooms by electing J. »W. Evans
chairman and Edwin Stearns secretary.
An executive committee of twelve mem
bers, including Mayor Olney and Chair
man Evans, will be named to attend to
the details of the reception. Mayor
Olney pointed out that In all probability
the veterans would never again meet in
California, and he believed it was the
duty of patriotic citizens to unite in ex
tending a welcome to the old soldiers
before "taps" have sounded for the last
time.
Cashes a Worthless Check.
OAKLAND, July 9.— M. Diera, residing
at 1752 Wood street, cashed » check for
$33 signed by the "Ccmtlne'ntal Company"
and payable to "Thomas C. Corder." The
paper was worthless and the police are
looking for "Corder."
The doctor got the instruments from
New York about two weeks ago and had
never used them. .He stowed them
away in a dresser in his office and
thought they were safe till he looked
for them after his arrival at his new
office. He is puzzled over the disappear
ance of the instruments and, to make
matters worse, he could not identify
them if he saw them.
Dr. Edwin. Bunnell. chief surgeon at
the Central Emergency Hospital. is| la
menting the loss of a case of surgical
instruments valued at. $175, which he
lately imported from New York. Dr.
Bunnell moved from 3 Eddy street
to the Press Club building last week,
and when he looked for his case of In
struments in the dresser after its ar
rival at his . cew^cuarters it was no
where to be found.
Dr. Bunnell of Emergency Hospital
Loses Valuable Appliances in
Strange Manner.
SURGICAL INSTRUMENTS
MYSTERIOUSLY DISAPPEAR
Attorney Frank Shea said there was
no law which compelled the Southern
Pacific Company to carry passengers
without charge In the city limits. He
explained that the Interests of the com
pany and the residents of Alameda were
mutual, but If the people of Alameda
could get along without the railroad, he
believed the company could manage to
get along without Alameda,
W. J. Shreve wanted the City Trustees
to cause the Southern Pacific Cdmpany
to restore the stations at Second avenue
and Webster street. J. A. Robertson
was opposed to granting the franchises
for more than one year.
Samuel Green was of the opinion that
the railroad company should pay the
cit^r $2000 a year for Its franchises and
carry local passengers free. G. M. Ful
ton was opposed to a long-term fran
chise, and said that the sentiment of the
majority of commuters was that the,
gates be retained on the local trains.
S. M. Haslett asserted that the ma
jority of the commuters favored the
gates, because they protected them from
deadhead overcrowding and also less
ened the possibility of accidents to chil
dren and others.
Attorney Frank Shea appeared as the
representative of the Southern Pacific
Company. There was a difference of
opinion among the citizen spekers as to
what the City Trustees should exact
from the Southern Pacific Company in
return for the franchise privileges,
R. A. Dagiie. on behalf of the Board of
Trade, said that body desired the gates
removed from the local trains and pas
sengers carried within the city limits
without charge, and that the franchises
be granted for not more than five years.
Dajrue asserted that the Park-street
merchants had suffered because of the
charging of fares on the local trains and
that the future of Alameda depended up
on the conditions under which the fran
chise would be granted.
ALAMEDA, July 9. — In response to
an invitation from the West End Im
provement Association. 300 citizens
gathered in the West End Wigwam to
night to hear a general discussion of the
applications of the Southern Pacific
Company for two fifty-year franchises
for its local line. Charles R. Smith pre
sided. -.: .-¦ ¦¦• .v ,-\
Work has progressed so far on the
terminus of Santa Fe Railroad at
Emeryville that it is almost certain that
trains will^be running into Oakland by
August 1, and the new ferry will be in
operation by that time.
The depot at the end of the long pier
has been completed and the work of
painting the building and finishing off the
interior has begun. The long pier itself
is complete and rail laying has almost
been finished. A f«w days more will com
plete this work. The subway under the
tracks of the Southern Pacific Company
has been finished and the concrete walls
and floors are in. The steel work for the
subway has arrived and is being put in
place, and a week or two will finish thia
branch of the work. A little trouble has
been experienced from water, and men
are kept pumping the subway out. . A
pump for this work is to be installed.
The track Tor the electric system from
San Pablo avenue to the pier is com
pleted and is being used by material cars.
The electric power station Is finished
and the machinery is being installed. An
auxiliary storage battery system is be
ing put in place. Enough electricity will
be stored to run the roads for from, six
to nine hours In case of a break in the
power lines of the Bay Counties Power
Company, which supplies the electricity
for the system.
The electric lines to Berkeley will be
finished within a week or two. The Santa
Fe is rushing work on the completion of
the connecting link between Oakland an*
Point Richmond. Gangs of men are work
ing from both ends and car loads of rails
are arriving daily at Emeryville for thia
work.
Work on the electric line across town
through Fortieth street is very much be
hind, owing to the lack of men.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, July 9.
Pier, Terminal Depot, Power
House and Subway
Completed.
Free Riding Through City
Important Subject of
Discussion.
Alamedans Make Vari
ous Demands of South
ern Pacific.
New Perry Will Be in
Operation by First
of August.
RAILROAD WORK
BEING RUSHED
CITIZENS TALK
ON FRANCHISES
Sends Congratulations.
; , The local Chamber of Commerce yester
'day received ¦' congratulations ' from ; the
Manila Chamber -of _ Commerce; over : the
laying > of ¦ the" last ¦ link of -the - Pacific * ca
ble. -William' M.' Bunker,
representative of • the flryt-named organ
ization,'has come'tp this city 'for the pur
pose: of, conferring , with His jsuperlorsjn
reference- to " ; the work to r be , done'- at the
next session of Congress.- •--
. OAKLAND, July, 9.— Ida Meyer was to
day eranted a divorce from Rudolph 1 II.
Meyer. Judge" Melvin gave judgment on
the "ground of desertion. She was award
ed the custody of- the 'child; $35 a month
alimony and $50 attorney's 'fees.-, -
Judge Melvin to-day made; flnaP the (in
terlocutory i -j decree -.granted 'v_ Jockey
"Monk" '¦ Coburn- some- time "''ago.V from
Emma K. Coburn. ¦'. : '¦
Coburn Given Final Decree.
OAKLAND, July 9.— The following mar
riage licenses were issued by the County
Clerk to-day: Pierre Mailho, , : 28, and
Marie Blsquer, £3, both of 'Berkeley;
Henry W. Carter, San Francisco, 26, and
Isabella Rogers, Oakland, 20; Martin A.
McDonald, Vallejo, 41, and Ann Harkrad
er.-Napa, 34; Bethune D. Anderson, over
21, and Lottie M. Price, over 18, bothrof
Oakland: Phillip J.. Spalt, over 21, and
Margaret S. Keefe/over 18, both of Oak
land.
Marriage Licenses.
' 'A* farewell testimonial and entertain
ment will be tendered Dr. Adrian' Hof
meyr by his numerous friends and ad
mirers- at Native Sons'. Hall, on Mason
street next Thursday evening. Dr. Hof
meyr will. deliver his famous lecture, "A?i
Explorer's Adventures In the Dark Con
tinent," j which has never -before 'been
heard in this city. ; The following commit
tee] of well-known cltleens _will have
"charge of the affair: Consul Ben
nett, Dr. Frederick D'Eveljtn, William
Grecr Harrison, Francis Carolan, W:
Duplessis Beylard, 'William .Taylor,
George A. .Wright, J. A. Barlow. W. J.
Casscrly and A. B. Ford. 1 ,
Testimonial, to Dr. Hofmeyr.
Two Big Corporations Pay the
Amount Claimed, but File •
Objections.
OAKLAND, July 9.— The Pacfflc States
Telephone Company and: the .Western
Union Telegraph Company both paid their
personal property taxes to-day, but also
filed protests over the assessment -in or
der to protect the appeal that they will
make to the County Board of Equaliza
tion •when that body begins its sessions.-
The Pacific States Telephone Company
paid $6617 72 in taxes upon an assessment
of $408,700 in this county.
The Western Union Telegraph Company
was assessed for $32,000 in this county,
and paid upon this' amount. Manager
Folger wanted a receipt for the protest
as well as for the taxes, but this was
refused. > *\
TELEPHONE AND TELEGRAPH
COMPANIES PROTEST TAX
The. Fourth of July Committee- held
its final meeting last night at the Cali
fornia Hotel and settled its affairs. A
report of the finance committee show*ed
there was in hand'a balance. of $32- of
the $2500 . appropriated by the city for
the recent celebration and the chairman
of the general committee was instructed
to "turn the. amount' back 'into the city
treasury. A vote of thanks was tender
ed to those who participated in thelliter
ary ceremonies and. the committee was
then dissolved. ;./ v
All but Thirty-Two Dollars of the
Funds for the Fourth Were
\ '; r - - Expended.
COMMITTEE RENDERS
A FINAL ACCOUNTING
To Distribute Wilson Estate.
OAKLAND. July 9. — Petition for the
final distribution of the estate of George
Crawford Wilson.' who died at Monterey
while visiting there a year ago, was
filed to-day by his brother. Frank M.
Wilson of Berkeley. The other heirs of
the estate have transferred their inter
ests to him. The estate is valued at
about $160.000.' ,-'-. ;
Boy Adjudged Incorrigible.
OAKLAND, July 9. — Earl A. Mc-
Arthur- was ..adjudged to-day to be in
corrigible- by Judge Henry Melvin .and
was committed into the charge of Anita
C. Whitney, as probation officer, of, the
court until May '10, 1909, when he will
become of age.
Has Gold Watch Stolen.
OAKLAND, July 9.— Constructor Bar
rett had a gold watch stolen from a vest
he had left hanging on a fence to-day at
the new postoffice building. Seventeenth
street ind~ Broadway.. The police were
notified.- - •
RECOMMEND THE PASSAGE
OF BOXING ORDINANCE
Oakland" Athletic Clubs . Will Be
Enabled to Resume, Their Begu
- laf • Monthly Contests. '
OAKLAND, July 9.— The Ordinance and
Judiciary Committee of the Oakland City
Council at a meeting heid to-night rccom
mended'the passage of the boxing license
ordinance. , ''¦'.'
The: measure provides for the licensing
of incorporated clubs which.. have. had
headquarters in the city of Oakland for at
least ' one ' year to , conduct professional or
amateur rawing contests.
Professional bouts. -are to "be limited to
fifteen rounds and require the I payment
of a ¦. license of $100 each year. 'Amateur
bouts are to.be limited to • four .rounds
and the license is fixed at $25 for each
year.' , . . \ ¦]
In all events permits are to be granted
at? the discretion : of the. Board of Police
and Fire Commissioners and the police
are to! supervise all contests.
: vThe ordinance will enable the Reliance,
.the Acme and the ."West Oakland Athletic
clubs to resume their monthly exhibitions.
- ¦ SANTA ROSA. - July 0.— A call was issued
to-day for a cpecial election August 1 to vote
bonds "of : $12,000 ' for ¦"" th« • »>r»ctlon of a new
school -house.' < Another-buildlnt is admitted to
toe a necessi^ and will ' probably • be erected ;in
South Santa \tosa. -:- :~r ;-'
To-morrow afternoon tljf report of the
board of church extension work will be
made, after which the clergymen engaged
in the work win make their reports.
After the reading a general discussion
of the subject was held, during which
Professor F. Pieper declared there was
necessity for proper employment of the
means of grace vouchsafed to humanity.
OAKLAND, July 0.— The regular
business of .the German Lutheran
conference* was taken up this aft
ernoon, and after the reading of
the various committee reports the
following pastors and congregations were
admitted to membership in the synod:
Rev. A. Hansen of Newman. Rev. M. Kueas
ner of Chtcaso Park. Rev. R. Norden cf Ba
kersflcld and Paul Scheer, a teacher in St.
John's Parochial School of San Francisco; con
gregations — Trinity of Kast Oakland. Bethle
hem of Berkeley, and St. John's of Otay Mesa,
San Diego County.
The preliminary work of appointing
committees was taken up during the
morning session, committees being ap
pointed on credentials, finance and finan
cial reports and admission to member
ship. After the appointments had been
made and the credentials of delegates in
spected a resolution was adopted that the
election of officers of the synod be held
Monday afternoon. '
Rev. J. H. Schroeder of San Francisco
read a paper on "The Proper Use of the
Means of Grace," in which he interpreted
the grace of God according to the Scrip
tures and defined the means of grace as
the means which God, has ordained for
the purpose of bringing to his people a
knowledge of and belief In Christian
faith.
Professor Frank Soule of the State Uni
versity stated in a court document to
day that he is no loneer able to pay
his former wife, Ella Bacon Soule, a
monthly stipend of $75, which he has paid
her under the court's orders since July,
1S96. He pleads poverty and the facfThat
his former wife has since inherited a
large amount of property and no longer
needs the money.
The college professor and Ella Bacon
Soule were divorced in 1S95- ¦ Mrs. Soule
was eiven the and awarded the
custody of the* two children with ali
mony. Since their separation Soule has
married strain. He states that his sal
ary is $275 a month/and that he is in
debt about $5500 and unable to keep up
the payments on his home. His former
wife, he asserts, has fallen heir .to a
sixth Interest in her father's estate, which
was appraised at $880,000. and at the death
of her mother got another sixth, and that
she is now a wealthy woman in her own
right and preparing withi her sister . to
build an expensive home on property be
longing to them on Webster street.
For years Frank ,6oule has been suing
the Bacon estate for $10,000 left him in
the elder Bacon's will. By a misreading
of the figures Soule's legacy was read
$2000, instead of $10,000, and the mistake
was not discovered for some years. He
has since been awarded judgment for the
additional $8iwv, with interest, which now
brings the amount up to nearly $13,000.
His action brought to-day was in the
form of a notice to Ella Bacon Soule and
her attorneys that he would appear be
fore the court on July 17 and ask for a
modification of the divorce decree in re-'
spect to thp allmonv.- "¦, —•¦<-•»¦
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
* 1118 Broadway, July 9. !
Slrrenberg is the proprietor of the sa
loon In which Colonel R. R. Thornton was
arrested after the shooting occurred and
Pursell asserts that Sirrenberg knew of
the shooting after It occurred, if he did
not know of the plot, and that he became
an accessory to the crime by trying to
shield Thornton. ;."."'
When Thornton was arrested Sirren
berg appeared unwilling to give any In
formation and Pursell asserts that he
tried to shield Thornton instead of trying
to help the officers. V
Sirrenberg was taken to Martinez and
lodged in jail with Thornton. He declines
to discuss the matter more than to as
sert that he knew nothing of the shoot
ing either before or after the crime.
There is a great deal of feeling in Rich
mond over the shooting and two factions
are growing, one favoring Pursell and the
other Thornton. There is an indication
that more trouble may arise. The bullet
in Pursell's back has not oeen located
and he will be placed under the X-ray.
He is doing well and is not likely to die.
POINT RICHMOND. July 9.— Henry
Slrrenberg was arrested to-day upon a
warrant sworn out by Frank Pursell, as
an accessory to the shooting of Pursell
on Tuesday night. x - >
Saloonkeeper Arrested
and Putin Jail at
• . Martinez.
Professor Soule Asks the
Superior Court for
SAX FRANCISCO DELEGATES
/TO GERMAN LUTHERAN CON
FERENCE. READING FROM
* LEFT TO RIGHT THEY ARE:
UPPER KOW-REV. M. LIEBE,
REV. E. P. BLOCK, N. & SEI
BEL, PAUL SCHEER (TEACH T
ER).J. TIEDEMANN; LOWER
ROW— J. H. HARGENS, REV.
G. A. BERNTHAL. Kj^V. J. H.
SCHROEDER.
FINDS ALIMONY
HEAVY BURDEN
PRISON CLOSES
ON SIRREHBERG
THE SAN FKANC1SCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 10, 1903.
Pastors and Congregations Admitted to Membership in the Synod, Various
Committees Appointed arid Date Set Tor Election of Officers— "Proper
Use^of Means of Grace'* Subject of Paper Read by Rev. Mr. Schroeder
REGULAR BUSINESS IS COMMENCED
BY GERMAN LUTHERAN CONFERENCE
OAKLAND. July 3.— Six horses were
burned in a fire which destroyed a house
and a barn in North Oakland to-night. The
buildings were the property of Frank
Ghiglione. a vegetable gardener. The loss
amounted to about $4000. with $500 insur
ance.
House and a Barn Burned.
OAKLAND. July ?.— Fred Harrington,
a schoolboy living at 175 Sixty-third
street, accidentally shot himself with a
pmall 'rifle this afternoon. The bullet en
tered between the seventh and eighth ribs
on i.ie rleht side, and the doctors at the
Receiving Hospital were afraid to probe.
There was no hemorrhage and the indi
cations are that the ball has lodged in
the muscles. The lad was climbing a step
ladder after apples with the gun in his
hand. The dropping of the rifle caused
the accident-
9
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Sore Throat
. Quinsy, Laryngitis, Tonsillitis and all
throat troubles quickly relieved and
promptly cared by the ase «fl
Hydrozone
Endorsed and recommended by
leading physicians everywhere. It #
cures by killing the germs, without
injury to the patient. Nature then
promptly repairs the damage. Sold
by leading druggists 25 cents a trial
bottle. If not at yours, sent prepaid
on receipt of 25 cents.
I 61.O p r tae« (Uroet. KIWYOU
DENTAL BRIDGEWORK
Made for the Coat of Material at tb*
COUEOS CU2C1C.
AH work under the personal supervision of
the professor of Crown and Bridge work, and
guaranteed 27K gold and th« best materials.
EXTRACTION Free. PAINLES3 Methods.
CLEANING Ft«. GRADUATES Only.
Week Days. 8 to 9 Sundays, 9 to I.
POST-GRADUATE DENTAL C0LLE8E.
San Francisco— 3 Taylor st., cor. Golden Gat».
Oakland — 073 Washington at., corner Taato.
We take pleasure-. in notifying- our pa-
trons who are going to the country for : the
summer months that THE CALL can be
served to them at ANY POINT either by
mail or through local carriers.
Give address to your carrier or any
branch office and prompt service will be
made. H&9
Notice to Subscribers!The charge of assault with a deadly
¦weapon lodged against Ah Lee. a Chinese,
was reduced to battery in Police Judge
Fritz's "court yesterday and he was con
victed and sentenced to serve six months
in the County Jail. On June 23 he struck
Su Ho Lin on the head with a cleaver.
The assault took place in a house on
Duncombe alley. .
Ah Lee Gets Six Months.
Secretary Emory of the Board of Health
yesterday applied for warrants for the
arrest of George Richards of 321 Fourth
street. R. Ikada of 154 Second street and
J. Mitani of 602 Mission street. The men
arc restaurant proprietors, and milk be
low the standard was recently found in
their possession. Ten warrants were ask
ed for or. Wednesday. Thirteen warrants
of Lhis character have been Issued this
month.
Speakirg of the milk supply. Secretary
Emery yesterday stated that the arrest
of restaurant men would do cood. He
said:
Ti'henover »e have questioned restaurant men
they have *ai<l they had no knowledge that
the milk ha<l tetn adulterated or that it was
lacking in tats and other required substances.
It Is the duty of rrytauram men and others
who retail milk lor numati consumption to set
that it is pure. We shall continue to ask for
Th* arrest of all dsttymea and like dealers
whrnevir »'e fi:id impure ar.d adul'erated milK
in their possession.
Vigorous war Is brine traged by the
City Board of Health against dealers In
impure and adulterated milk, and the
campaign will be carried on until the
supply for San Francisco Is generally
good. .
Dairymen, Dealers and Res
taurant Men Must Sell
Pure Supply.
Board of Health Asks
for the Issuance of
Warrants.
Vessels Leave Honolulu at the Same Time Intent on Testing Their Relative
Sailing Qualities and the Speedy Barkentine, in a Twenty-four Day
Run, Reaches Port Ahead of Rival by a Margin of an Unknown Width
WAR IS WAGED
ON MILK DEALERS
BARKENTINE IRMGARD'S SWIFT WINGS
WIN HER RAGE FROM ANNIE JOHNSON
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL V FRIDAY, JUIiY 7 10, 1903.
Steamer. From. I Due.
Cr<;ullle River San Pedro. July 10
Colon New York via Panama July 10
Redondo San Pedro July 10
Ont i alia..... Grays Harbor IJuly 10
Corona Humboldt IJuly 10
Denderah Hamburg & Way Pts. IJuly 10
Point Arena.. Point Arena IJuly 10
S. Portland... San Pedro IJuly 11
San Pedro San Pedro..-. I July 11
R. Dollar San* Pedro [July 11
Chlco Coqullle River IJuly 11
Rival Wlllapa Harbor ......|July 11
Phoenix... Mtndocino at Pt. ArenaiJuly 11
Eunka Humboldt. JJuly 11
Quier Puget Sound Ports. ..IJuly 11
Mineola Tacoma IJuly 12
Dcrlc China & Japan |July 12
Kdltl Seattle IJuly 12
G. Lindauer . . Grays Harbor IJuly 13
StateofCal.. San Diego & Way Pts.jjuly 13
Arpo Eel River Ports IJuly 13
Pomona Humboldt ..,..., IJuly 1:1
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Pts. July 13
Barracouta. . . Acapulco July 14
G.W.Elder.. Portland & Astoria. ... July 14
Coronado. .... Grays Harbor July 14
City Sydney.. New York via Panama. July IB
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom. ... July 10
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way Pts. July 10
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt/Orford. July 1*5
City Puebla... Puget . Sound Port* n July 10
Santa Cruz... Newport & Way Ports, .jjuly" 17
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. IJuly 15>
North Fork... Humboldt ..|July IS
Columbia.:;.. Portland &A«torlaI\ . . .(July 19
Lothian Hongk'g via ManzanlllalJuly 21
V Maru China & Japan ....... July 21
Alameda Honolulu : July 21
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports.. .. July 21
Herodot Seattle ¦ IJuly 21
TO ARRIVE,
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the highest tide is the same at both places.
FRIDAY. JULY 10.
Sun rises w 4 :53
Sun sets 7 :.'H
Moon rises 7:53 p. m.
~2 Time Tlmel Time] JTlmej
3 — — Ft. 1 Ft. f Ft. J Ft.
Q L W HWj L W| |H W|
10 S:.'.5|— 0.41 1:15 4.9 5:46 3.1 11:45 S.2
11 6:271 — 0.2 1:60 4.8 6:^8 3.1
H W| |L W H W| L. W
12 0:27! 5.01 C:5l» 0.0 2:20 4.9 7:13 3.0
13 l:0S 4.7 7:30| 0.3 2:48 4.9 8:02 2.9
14 1:50 4.B 8:05| 0.6 3:19 6.0 8:57 2.6
15 :t:.», 4.21 S:45! 1.0 3:50 5.1 0:. r >X 2.3
16 3:40 3.9| 9:30 1.5| 4:25 5.1|l0:40| 1.9
17 I 4:49| 3.7ilO:19] 1.9j 5:05 5.3|11:53| 1.4
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tide*
the early morning tides are given in the Ie£t
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column gives the last tide of " the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus (— )
Mgn precedes the heights, and then the number
given is subtracted from, the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the
mean of the lower low waters.
• ?
Movement of Steamers.
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. I Pier.
Jnly 1O. • ~| :
Nebraskan.: Honolulu & Kahuliii 3 pmipier 16
Czarina,. T.'. t'ote Bay direct... -5 pmlPier h
Arcata Coos B. & PtOrford 4 pm Pier 13
Lakme Humboldt 10 arnlPier* 2
Aberdeen.. Seattle direct...... 5 pm Pier 1«
Iaqua Humbolut 10 am Pier 2
Mariposa... Tahiti 11 am Pier 7
Umatilla..., Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 27
• ~ - July li. ' ¦¦.¦¦-.•
Montara.... Seattle direct...... 2 pm Pier 27
San Pedro. . Humboldt 4.pm Pier 2
Samoa Los Angeles Ports. 9 am Pier 2
Chehalls... . Grays Harbor ..... 3 pm Pler» '-
Arctic Humboldt :......-... ft am Pier 10
St.Paul.... Nome &St. Michael 2 pm S.W. 2
San Juan... N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
' Julr 1-." r
S. R*a San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 19
S. Cruz... .. Newport & Way.". 9 am Pier 111
North Fork. Humboldt : 9 am Pier 2
Corona Humboldt 1 :30 p Pier ltf
Columbia... Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
J. Dollar... Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
Jnly ill.
R. Dollar... Astoria & Portland | 5 pm Pier 2
Phoenix Pt. , Arena-Mend - co 1 pm Pier 13'
Eureka Humboldt ...| 9 am Pier la
Ft. Arena... Point Arena ;.'.... 4pm Pier 2
•Inly 14. " •.--; | ¦•¦•-.,
Rival....... Wlllapa Harbor.... 4 pm Pier- 2
Centralia... Gra ye Harbor ..;.. 4 pm Pier 10
Chlco Coqullle River 6 pm Pier : 2
• 'Jnly 15.' -; ••
S. Portland. Seattle & Tacoma. ..'.... Pier 27
Pomona. . . . Humboldt ......... 1 :30 p Pier 19
ArKO....:.. Eel River Porto 4 pm Pier 2
Peking..;.. China & Japan.,... 1 pm Pier 40
Queen , Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 27
July ltf. ¦-'.
State of Cal. San Diego & Way, 0 am Pier in
Sonoma Sydney & Way...'. 2 pm Pier 7
Coos Bay. . . San Pedro & ¦ Way. 9 am Pier 19
¦•¦ ¦ "Joly »1T. .-¦.; • ;-. < ....; . . ¦
G. Undauer. Grays Harbor... ... 4 pm Pier 10
G.W.Elder.. Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
Coronado... Grays Harbor ..... 4 pm Pier' 10
July -18.
Colon....... N.'Y.- via Panama. 12 .m Pier 40
Jnly 20. I , . v-,?
City Puebla. Puget Sound j Pts..|ll am Pier 27
FROM SEATTLE.
SOUTHEASTERN ALASKA.
Ktlllsnoo southern entrance light, page 48,
after No. 225 (List of Beacons and Buoys, Pa
cific Coast. 1903. page 93).— May 23 a fixed
white lantern light, suspended 16 feet above
the water from an arm on a white stake, waa
established on the \ rocky reef making off the
southeasterly end of Kllllsnoo Island.' as a
guide for vessels entering or leaving Kllllsnoo
Harbor by the southern entrance and to en
able them to clear the reef: Outer end north
wharf KUlisnoo SSE. % E.,' easterly, dlntant
2.9 mile; right tangent to Table Island SSW..
westerly; left tangent Kllllsnoo Island, SW.
by W. %-W.
Kllllsnoo Harbor . light, page 48, No. 228
fMst of Beacons and Buoys. Pacific Coast.
1903 page 93.) — Corrected- description . and
bearings of this light are as follows: A fixed
white lantern light, suspended 16 feet above
the water on a white stake on the rocky reef
making off from the northeasterly end of
KtllUnoo Island as a guide for vessels entering
or leaving Kllllsnoo Harbor by the northern
entrance and to enable them to clear the reef
on which the light Is located. Outer end of
north wharf Kllllsnoo. E Mi S.. distant % mile;
right tangent KllllBnoo Island. WSW. % ; W.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
;. ,. C. G. CALKINS,
Commander. U S. N.. Lighthouse Inspector.
>
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrograuhic Office. U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, Cal.,
July 9. 1903.
The Time Ball on the Ferry building vu
dropped exactly at noon to-day — 1. , e., at noon
of the 120tb meridian, or at & p.m. Green
wich time. . J..C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant, U. S. N.. in charge.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
• Timea and Heights of High: and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to 8an
Francisco Bay. Published by .; official au
thority of the Superintendent. ¦ • :
NOTE— Ttu high, and low .waters occur at
Notice to Mariners.
The ship Emily F. Whitney loads lumber
here and at Eureka for Melbourne at 30s;
Norwegian bark Barossa. redwood at Eureka
for Sydney and Melbourne, chartered prior to
arrival; the ' German ship Alauda (on Puget
Sound) proceeds to a nitrate port In ballast.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
1 Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Optain Samuel Bonifteld, formerly Jn com
mand of the steamship Humboldt, has been
appointed commander of . the steam schooner
Iaqua.
The schoosicr Ocean Spray, which left here
July 1 for Sluslaw River, came back to port
rt sterday for repairs. She encountered a heavy
northwester on July 2, when about '100 miles
west of Point Reyex. and carried away her
rudder head and flying Jib stay.
Now Commands Steam Schooner.
Returns for Repairs.
The French bark Edouard Detallle, out.Sj
days from Newcastle, Australia, for this port,
was placed on the overdue list yeaterday with
reinsurance at 10 per cent. The rate on the
Herml*, Milton Park and Marechal Suchet
was In each case advanced to 8 per cent.
»
The Overdue List.
The Enterprise, \whlch arrived yesterday,
twelve days from Hllo. encountered adverse
winds and heavy head eeas all the way to port.
She brouKht sixteen passengers and a carKO
consisting of f>«.30i» bags of sujrar. 1080 bunches
of bananas. I!' 1 .* bags of coffee and some 300
packages of general merchandise.
?
Enterprise Meets Head Seas.
The British steamship Tottenham, which ar
rived off this port some dajs ago and was
ordered to Port Los Angeles, has been char
tered to carry lumber to Shanghai from Port
land, to. which port she will proceed as soon as
her cargo Is discharged and she has effected
necessary repairs.
Tottenham Is Chartered.
BARKENTINE WHICH BEAT
THE ANNIE JOHNSON IN
RACE FROM HONOLULU.
Captain Nelson said "Ha, ha!"
Captain Schmidt said "Pooh, pooh!"
and added that the Johnson was not so
much.
The result was that when circumstances
so ordained it that both vessels could
leave Honolulu together it was decided to
make a race of it.
The Irmgard has won. but by what
margin x^ill not be known until the An
nie Johnson comes in.
The Irmgard brought up 15,507 bags of
sugar.
each other, it was announced
by cable from the islands that they would
race. to this port for a prize, which was
variously estimated at values running
from the price of a dinner to $500. The
Irmgard arrived yesterday, twenty-four
days from Honolulu, and somewhere out
on the Pacific Captain Xelson is crowd
ing sail on the Annie Johnson in a vain
effort to make good his Honolulu boast
The Irmgard is one of a number of
sailing packets rated for speedy travel
ing. Among the windjammers blowing
between here and Honolulu there has
been always ¦ a • friendly rivalry. The
Irrrlgard has a record for a trip to Hon
olulu of nine days sixteen hours. Cap
tain Schmidt's satisfaction in this really
splendid performance was rudely jarred
while in Honolulu, when the Annie John
eon bowled around Diamond Head just
eight days sixteen hours from San Fran
cisco.
WHEN the- barkentine Irmgard
and the bark Annie Johnson
left Honolulu twenty-five
days ago, within an hour of
Steamer. , :•.-*;,-, For. .. ;, I Sails.
Cottage City.. Skagway:& , Way Ports. | July 10
Tamplco...... Nome & St. Michael... j July -12
Humboldt. .". . Skagway & Way Ports. [July la
Pointers for money-makers In the Wasp. It
pays to read them J ---••¦ «
Alphonse Buthod. landlord of the lodg
ing-house at 646 Howard street, called at
the Morgue yesterday, and after inspect
ing the body of the man who shot him
self throush the head last Wednesday
night in a bathroom at 208 -Third street
declared that the suicide was notJ.'H.
Mayers. He said that Mayers, who was
one of his lodgers, left for the country
last Wednesday evening. Mayers', name
and address written on a scrap of paper
were found in one of the pockets of the
dead man's clothing.
Suicide Is Not Mayers.
Representatives of owners of valuable
real estate arc making copies of assess
ments and the applications for reduction
on large - assessments will- be made
through attorneys.
Yesterday six applications for reduction
of assessment were filed with the Board
of Supervisors, making a total of twen
ty-three since the assessment books were
opened for inspection by the public. The
applications are for small amounts, the
majority being for reductions of assess
ment from $1000. - ¦ "
The Board of Supervisors will sit as
a board of equalization next, week and
it is expected that a number of appli
cations for reduction will • De made.-
Say Assessments Are High.
NANTUOKET LIGHTSHIP— Passed July 0,
7 p ? m — Stmr " Germanic' ". from ¦ Liverpool and
Queenctown, ' for - New ; York. -- ,.•>-.¦
NEW YORK— Sailed July 9— Stmr Moltke,
for'. Hamburg, 'via' Plymouth- and'.: Cherbourg;
Btmr .Grouser/ K+rf urst, for Bremen, \ via Ply
mouth , and . Cherbourg ; stmr . La .Touraine, for
Havre; stmr'Laurentlan,' for Glasgow. '•
•- QUEENSTOWN— Sailed July 9— Stmr. Majes
tic.- from Liverpool, for New York; stmr Fries
land.-from: Llveroool. for" Philadelphia.-. -
CHERBOURG— Sailed July. 8— Stmr Kaiser
Wllhelm II," from Bremen * and l Southampton.
for'New York. '• "•,--¦; -. . . .>.-;/
¦•; LI VEBPOOL-r Arrived July 0— Stmr Sax
onla, from; Boston. . .- .- .-. .
. .Sailed July 7— Stmr Saratoga,- for New York.
CORONEL, — Arrived July 7— Stmr Oregonlan.
from Hllo, and sailed July' 8 for Philadelphia.
1PSWITCH— Arrived July 0— Ger ship Erni-
He, from Oregon. .'/¦-,, .¦ . •
MANZANILLO— Arrived June 22 — Br stmr
Lothian. * from Hbngkong. " >. '
VLADIVOSTOK— Arrived May ; 21— Danish
stmr ' Manauense, frm Seattle. •» ¦ • • ' ¦ - .-.-,¦
YOKOHAMA— Sailed July 7— Stmr Olympla,
for Tacoma. . ' ' ;.
' HAMBURG— Sailed July 4— Ger atmr Ram
ses, ; for * San - Francisco. . : ' " - ,-..X ¦¦
OCEAN, STEAMERS. ..: . .
COLON— Arrived' July • 7— Stmr . Yucatan,
from New York.-- .—,,•,."»•¦- V' ¦
ISLAND PORT
HONOLULU— Arrived July 8— Bark Olym
pic, from Iqulque; bark Kaiulanl, hence
June 24. - • • "^> - ¦
Sailed. July. 8 — Bktn Amelia, for Eureka;
bktn' S N Castle.- for San- Francisco.
. EASTERN' 7 PORT.' .-.
PH ILADELPHIA — Cleared . July 8— Bark
Foohng Suey. for Honolulu, via New York.
FOREIGN PORTS. 'S&BiSSieSB
PORT. GAMBLE— Sailed. July 0— Ger bark
Ellbek. for United Kinifdom: * -
• MAUS?HFIEL>D— -Arrived, July 0 — Stmr
Acme, hence July 1. ¦ •*¦ ' -'. • „'- .
SOUTH BEND— Sailed July 9— Stmr Rival,
for San Francisco. •' ' ¦ - > >
PORT HA RKORD— Arrived July 9— Stmr AI
catraz. from Greenwood. . '¦', ¦¦¦
I Sailed July MV 8 p m— Stmr Coos Bay, for
San Pedro. , -¦ •: . ; . :
TACOMA— Sailed July 0— Stmr" Mlneola, for
San Francisco.. ¦ , - j ••" '
TATOOSH— Passed In July 0 — Nor stmr
HrroV hence "July 4/ for- Ladysmlth.
Passed out July » — Stmr., Mlncola,. from Ta
coma. for San Francisco. •¦' ' ".'
ASTORIA— Arrived July 9— Stmr Geo W El
der, -hence July 7. - - ¦ ¦ ; ' •¦ "
PORT TOWNSEND — Arrived . July 8 — Ship
St David, from Whatcom. for Alsoa Bay. * >
Sailed : July 9— Bark St - James, from Port
Gamhie, for Port Plrle; bark S D Carleton,
from. Fort Gamble, for Port Plrie.. ..
REDONDO — Sailed July 0 — Stmr ; Despatch,
for San Francisco;, sc.hr Compeer, for Eureka.
Arrived July 0 — Stmr Asuncion, • from Ven
tura. - ¦ ¦¦¦•- •¦— -.^ -.-.-
Sailed July 9— Stmr Asuncion, for San Fran
cisco. . . ¦ ¦ ¦ > • — ' .• ¦ —
ARRIVED.
Thursday. July 9.
Stmr Arcata. 51 hours from Cogs Bay.
Stmr Pel Norte, Green, 34 hours from Cres
cent City.
Stmr Navarro, Weber, 12 hours from Bowens
Landing. ;
Etrnr Columbia, Randall. 57 hours from Port
land, via Astoria 45 hour?.
Stmr Gualala, Adler, 11 hours from Bihlers
Point.
Stmr Enterprise. Miller, 12 days from Hllo.
Stmr I,akmr. Walvlg. 62 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Westport, Smith, 16 hours from West
port.
Stmr Cella. Devltt, IS hours from Albion.
Stmr Arctic. Reiner. 23 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 43% hours from
San Diego and way ports.
¦ Stmr Centennial, Klitgaard, 81 hours from
Portland, via Astoria 53 hour*.
Stmr NortH '- Fork, Nelson," 30' hours from
Eureka.
Bktn Irmgard, Schmidt, 24 days from Hono-
Thursday, July 9.
Stmr Curacao, Paulson, Guaymaa; Pacific
Coast Steamship Co. . .
SAILED.
Thursday. July 0. '
. Stmr Lcelanaw. Monroe, Tacoina.
Stmr State of California, Thomas, San Diego,
etc. . .
Stmr Curacao, Paulsen. Guaymas.
Stmr Pomona, Swansen, . Eureka.
Stmr Argo, Dunham, Eel River..
' Stmr Santa Monica, Olsen, Grays Harbor.
Bark S i C Allen, Johnson, Tacoma and
Honolulu. . ,
Schr Mary C, Campbell,' Bodega.
Schr Mary E Rusa. Nyman. Eureka.
.Schr Abliif. I.ni-M-n. Fish Rock. .
Schr C A Klose, Oruggel; Sluslaw River.
SPOKEN.
• June is,' lat 5 S. Ion 32 W, uhlp Susque
hanna, from Baltimore, for San Francisco.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, July 9, 10 p m— Weather
feggy; wind SW, velocity 12 miUs per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS..
UNGA— Arrived June 12— Schr William Oi
sen, from Seattle.
BANDON— Sailed July »— Stmr Chico and
schr Mayflower, for San. Francisco..
ALJTAK— Arrived May 19— Bark . Gatherer,
hence April 20. ¦ - . '
EUREKA— Arrived July f>— Stmr Eureka,
hence July 8; stmr Pasadena, from San Pedro;
schr little Carson, from San Diego.
Sailed July 'J— Stmr Coronado, for San Fran-
EVERETT— Arrived July ft— Stmr Rainier,
from Seattle, and sailed for San Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed July 0— Ger bark
Eilbek, for -United Kingdom. - ! < *
N GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed July. S^Schr Ma
huknna, for Sydney. . . •
¦ Arrived July !? — Schr Zampa, from Redondo.
' SAN PEDROi-Arrived July 9— Stmr Des
patch, from Redondo; schr Salvator, from Cods
Bay. -... • • , .- ¦
Sailed July 9— Stmrs' Redondo, Despatch and
San Pedro, for San Francisco; schr Falcon, for
PortOrford. , . -
UMPQUA— Arrived July 8— Schr Lily, hence
June IJO.. .. , ...... . . ... . r . t
Sailed June R— Schr Sadie,, for San Pedro.
VENTURA— Sailed July .0— Stmr Asuncion,
for Redondo.' . > •, ..*..'¦
ABERDEEN— Arrived July, S— Schr Zampa,
from Redondo.
•WHATCOM— S#Hed' July 0— Ship St David,
for Algoa Bay. ¦ '• "" ¦ ¦ •' - .' -•
Shipping Intelligence.
Mls3 Moeller is to become a mother
shortly and has been removed from the
Alameda County Jail to ' a maternity
home, where she will remain in the cus
tody of the Danish Consul until she is
able to travel. . .--.^' v
The examination of Julius Anton Joer
gensen and Johanne Moeller- on a charge
of absconding with 40,000 francs, the prop
erty of the Bank of Copenhagen, Den
mark, was held yesterday afternoon s by
United States Court Commissioner Hea
cock. The Commissioner decided to grant
the application of Danish Consul H. H.
Blrkholm for. their extradition. As soon
as the necessary papers reach here from
the Secretary of State the couple will be
deported to Denmark to be tried for
their crime. Miss Moeller was a book
keeper in the bank with Joerjrensen and
eloped with him and his two children,
Mrs. Joergensen beinsr left penniless.
Danish Embezzler and Miss Moeller,
His Companion, Must Face
Charges in Court.
JOEBGENSEN WELL BE
. EXTRADITED FOR TRIAL
City Seattle... Skagway & Way Ports. July 14
Dirigo Skagway & Way Ports. July 16
Meteor Nome & fit. Michael.. . July 16
Conemaugh... Nome & St. Michael.. . I July 15
AI-K1 Skagway & Way Ports. IJuly IB
Santa. Ana Cooks Inlet & Way- Pts| July 16
CltyTopeka.. Skagway & Way Ports. IJuly 18
Fsrallon SkaRway & Way Ports. [July l'J
Eureka Nome I July 20
Oregon Nome IJuly 26
McCarthy admits that* he used one or
two profane words, but not 'within hear-,
ing of the. other passengers. Conductor
Nixon- called upon him to desist and a
discussion followed, which ended In the
saloon-man calling the conductor a liar.
Nixon then pinioned McCarthy over the
rear railing of the car and hostilities com
menced. A revolver in McCarthy's pocket
came into the possession of the conductor
and McCarthy's -head was scarred after
both had fallen to the street. McCarthy
says he did, not attempt to draw the
weapon; that it was dropping from his
pocket, whereupon he reached for it.
Nixon, however, says McCarthy tried to
use the weapon.
Captain Spillane ordered both men into
custody. Nixon was charged with ex
hibiting a deadly' weapon in a rude and
threatening manner, McCarthy with dis
turbing the peace. The latter's thumb
was severely wrenched during the strug
gle and was treated at the City and
County Hospital. McCarthy was a police
man for many years and is well known. !
A quarrel between Conductor David A.
Nixon of car No. 7 of the Valencia-street
line, and Jeremiah McCarthy, proprietor
of a Market-street saloon, caused commo
tion at the corner of Sixth and Market
street yesterday afternoon. In the strug?
gle both men fell to the street while the
car was in motion. A revolver was drawn
and McCarthy beaten on the bead by
the conductor. Women rushed to shelter
and screamed. Pedestrians scampered
out of the way of bullets, which they be
lieved were likely to fly, and finally sev
eral citizens separated the /combatants,
after which they were arrested.
According: to McCarthy's story he stood
at the corner of Market and Seventh
streets waiting for a car. He carried
several bundles and three or more grip
men ignored his signals and passed him
by. He then followed the Valencia street
car for half a block, and after catching
it he asked the conductor to explain why
cars did not stop at points designated. !
Two Arrests Ordered by
Police After an Al
tercation.
Conductor and Saloon
Man Argue Over Stop
ping Point.
WEAPON DRAWN
ON STREETCAR
10
•tfi/' ~- _J\
LKAUIXG BCSIKESS COLLEGE OF THE
WEST. 24 Post st.. Ean Francisco, CaL
Established 40 yeara. Open entire year.
Write for SO-page catalogue <free).
» POLYTECHNIC
fflL Business Collegre and
£3v' School of Englneer-
#rf£li»^DL k IBP. Oakland. Cal.
mar^^C^S^&A La reef t ar.-l be«t
£NX\y_2 "**5££3 wjwlrped pchool uf
fc&Zf' ,3*2 ft J^^Sl bur.:n^«s. fhorthar.d
'fc-X^Mdrwi SSSii^ and T.C'.neerinK «f!t
4vr>l F- 13 ft '>T^,» r -f Cfcicapo. Terfect
"t*y* &3& 'SCtTt***'- climate, expen s e s
T!af ji low. Write for free
100-pajte catalogue.
MILLS COLLEGE AND SEMINARY
(FOR YOUNG LADIES).
Confers Degrees and Grants Diplomas.
Seminary course accredited to the universi-
ties and leading Eastern colleges; rare oppor-
tunities offered in mut"ic. art and elocution
Thirty-eighth year. Fall term opens August
12. JS>03. V/ritp for catalogue to MRS C T
MILLS. Pres.. Mills College P. O.. Cal.'
___ -
1236 MARKET STREET.
Actual business bookkeeping; only expert ac-
countants and reporters as teachers; Gregg
thorthand. the easiest, fastest and most read-
able. Day end evening. Ser.d for catalogue.
_j VtN MtlfcKtotK °"fiu6ic w L
»41 FULTON ST.. San Franciaco. CtlT"
Leading Musical College of the Coaat.
Largest Cchool. thorough course, able teachers.
Vtjjite for l'XI3 Catalogue.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION,
PARTINGTONE. 424 PINE ST.
Oldest School In America.
New T'-rm logins MONDAY. Aug. 3.
DAY AND EVENING CLASS.
HOITT'S SCHOOL
FOR BOYS, Menio Park, California Prepares
for any university or for business. Send for
illustrated catalogue. IRA G. HOITT. Ph.D.,
Principal. Fall term opens August 11.
BELMONT SCHOOL,
I FOR BOYS. BELMONT. CAL. '
Opens for new pupils August 10; for former pu-
pils August 12. Catalogue and book of views
en applicatlcn.
w. T. REID. A. M. (Harvard). Head Master.
Miss West's School for Girls,
2C14 VAX NESS AVENUE.
Opens August 18. Home and day school. Ac-
credited by leading ocllege*. For catalogue ad
drees MARY B. WEST. Principal.
BOONE'S UNIVERSITY SCHOOL,
BERKELEY. CAL..
Reopens Monday, August 3.
SAINT MARGARET'S SCHOOL
KAN MATEO.
Accredited to Stanford, reopens Auitust 26th
in new buildicgs on Monte Diablo ave. Modern
improvements. For further Information or cir-
culars address (MISS) I. L. TEBBETTS.
Hitchcock Military Academy,
. S AU EATAEL, CAL.
Separate building for little boys. Xmas term
will begin on Aug. 17.
IRVING INSTITUTE.
BOARDLNO AND DAY SCHOOL. FOR
rousg ladies and little girls, 2120 California
»t.. will reopen August 8. 1303. Accredited to
the Universities. KEV. EDWARD B.
CHURCH. A. M.. Principal.
fi^jt' ror V VIW V. era EchooL 500 po-
I IN.CC5*. sltions In past year.
13r^< ~ tO-pace catalogue.
\^S -"—^ San Francisco.
COLLECE OF NOTRE DAME.
SAN JOSE. CAL..
Fifty-second year. Confers degrees, crants
diplomas. College preparatory accredited. Con-
servatory course. Intermediate and primary
departments -for younger children. Studies re-
turned August 4, l»03.
ANDERSON ACADEMY,
. IHVINGTON. CAL.
A b!gn-rrade Military Scboo! for a 'limited
rumber of boys of good character. Next term
l«-«rini: August 12.
WILLIAM WALKER ANDERSON. Principal.
THE JENNE MORROW LONG COL-
LEGE OF VOICE AND ACTION.
Stage and platform positions guaranteed;
languages; diplomas. Catalogue. 2152 Sutler
»t. Phone West 11G9. Reopens Seotember 2.
6ANFRAXCISCO VETERINARY COLLEGE.
» Tbre«-year traded course confirming with
rnles adopted by Acsoclatlon of College Facul-
ties of North America. Regular r ersloa cora-
rr.encte June 15; ends December 1. Write for
catalorue and Information. EDWARD J.
CRJEEL.T, D.V.S^ Dean, 610 Goldea Gate ave.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
California
Limited..*
To CHICAGO
a An Ideal Train
For Those Who
Seek th- Best
SANTA FE TRAINS.
Leave Market-street Ferry' Depot.
1 I Local I Um'dl Local JOVrl'd
f Dally I Dally | Dally J Dally
Lv. San Fran.. 7:30 a 9:80 a 4:00 p $.00 p
Ar. Stockton... 10:40 a 12:01 p .7:10 p 11:15 p
Merced 1:05 p .1:65 p ....... 1.28 a
"Fresno 2:40 p 3:20 p 8:15 a
•Mlanford "... 4:68 p 4:o7 p 7:50 a
" Vlsalla .... 4:65 p 4:48 p ....... 6:OOa
•' Bakersfleld . 7:15 p 6:00 p ....... 7:35 a
" Kansas City. . .. 2:85 a.:..:.: 7:00 a
" Chicago 2:15 p ....... 8:47 p
>. a for morning; p for afternoon.. »
7:30 a. m. Dally Is Bakersficld LocaL. stop,
ping at all points in .San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:55 a. m. dally.
0:30 a. m. Monday and Thursday ia the
CALirORNXA. UMITED, carrylay Pal.
ace Sleeping" Cars and ; Dining Cars
through to Chicago. Chair car runs to Bakers,
field for accommodation of local first-class pas.
sengers. No ¦ second-class ¦ tickets art honored
on this . train. Corresponding train arrives at
11:10 p. , m. Tuesday and. Friday.
9:30 a. m. Daily, Valley Limited. Corn posit*
Car and Reclining Chair Car between Bakers,
field and San Francisco. Corresponding train
arrives at 11:10 p. m. daily. ¦ --. . . - . ,.
4:00 p. ro. Is Stockton Local.- Corresponding
train arrives at 11:10 a. m. dally, . ; .
8 :00 p. . m. dally Is the . Overland Express
with through Palace and .Tourist Sleepers and
Free : Reclining Chair ; cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.' Cor-
responding train arrives at 6:25 p. m. dally. '
Personally conducted parties for Kansas City
Chicago and Eaat : leave San • Francisco every
Monday, c. Thursday and r Saturday at ' 8 p. m
Offices — 641 Market street and in Ferry De-
cot. San Francisco: 1112 Broadway, Oakland
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN MY. CO.
LESSBE3
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
BAILWAT COMPANT.
Tlboroa gciry, jfoot of Market St.
SAN rSAXTCXSCO - TO SAW BATABT..
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 8:00, 9:00. 11:00 a. in.;
12:33. 2:30, 3:40. 6:10, 5:50. 6:30 and 11:JO
p. m. iff #'-¦*
Saturdays — Extra, trip at 1:30 p. m. '-" -V*T
SUNDAYS — 7:30. 8:0O. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30.
2:30,. 3:40. 5:10. «:30. 11:30 p. ro.
SAX SArAiiL U •x.xf - VAJTCXSCO.
WEEK DAYS--«:03. 6:60. 7:35. 7:60. 9:20.
11:15 a. m.; 12:50. t2:00. 3:40. 6:00. 5:2t>.
6:25 p. in. Saturdaya — Extra trip at 1:45 p.m.
SUNDAYS— 6:50. 7:36. 9:20. 11:15 a. m.; 1:45.
3:40. 4:50. 5:00. 5:20. 6:10. <S:25 p. in. tEx-
cept' Saturdays.
Leave j In Effect j Arrive
Ean Francisco.! May 3, 1903. . |San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Deatina- j Sun- I W«k
Days, i days^J tlon. | daya. | Day».
~~- . I 7:30~a 7:45 a 7:45 a
7:30 al 8:00 a 8:40 a 8:40 a
8:00 a 9:30 a lsnaclo. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 2:30 p • 6:00 p 6:20 p
5:10 p B:10p ... «:20p 7:25 p
f 7:25 p[
7:30 a 7:30 a i 7:45 a] 7:45 a
8:00 a 8:0Oa Novato. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:80 p 9:30 a Petaluma 6:20 p 6:20 p
6:10p 2:30p! and 7:25p 7:25p
• ¦ 5:10 p| Santa Rosa.
.7:30 a 7:30 ai ; 10:20 ajlO:2« a
8:0(la 8:00a Fulton. 7:25 p 8:20 p
2:30 p 2:30 p| I \ 7:25 p
"~~ '- j Windsor. j~ i
7:30 a 7:30a ¦ Healdsburr. 10:20 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
2:30 p| 2:30 p " Oeyservllle. 7:25 p 7:25 p
| Cloverdale^ |
7:30 al 7:30 al ~Hbpland 110:20 a 1 10:20 a
2:30 pi 2:30 pi ' and Uklah. | 7:25 p| 7:25 p
7:30a[ 7:30ra| Wllllts. , | 7:25 p| 7:25~p
StOOal 8:00 al Camp Vacation. 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Guernevllle. | 7:25 p| 6:20 p
8:00ai8:00a| Sonoma, I 8:40 al 8:40 a
B:10pr6:10pl Glen Ellen. ' | 6.00 p[ <>:2u p
7:30 al 7:30 al '¦ ~" 110:20 a|10:20 r
2:30 p| 2:30 pi Sebastopol. | 7:25 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentln. at Santa Rosa, for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altrurla and Mark
West Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs;
at- Geyservllle tor Skaggs Springs; at Clove-
dale for the Geysers. Boonevllle and Green-
wood; at Hopland for Duncan Springs. High-
land Springs. KelseyvlUe. Carlsbad Springs,
Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett Springs; at
Uklah for Vichy ' Springs. Saratoga Springs.
Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter Springs.
Upper Lake. Pomo. . Potter Valley, John Day* a.
Rlvereide. Llerly'a, Bucknell's, Sanhedrla
Heights. Hullvllle, Orr*a Hot Springs. Ha.f-
way House. Comptche. Camp Stevens Hop-
klns. Mendoclno C:ty. Fort Bragg. Westport.
Ufcal: at .Wllllts for Fort Bragg. Westport.
Sherwood, Cahto. Covelo. LaytonvlHe. Cum-
mings. Bell's Springs. Harris. . Olsen's, Dyer.
Garbervilie,' Pep per wood, Scotia and Eureka.
. Saturday. to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.- . .-¦
On Sundays^ — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyend San Rafael at half rates.
.Ticket office. 650 Market street. ChronlcU
building. .
H. C WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
Manager.' Gen. Pa*. Agt.
HTO SAN RAFAEL
SAII Ql'ENTIN,
mill valley,
cazad:ro,etc.
via Sausali to Ferry
~ WEEK " DAYS "(Holidays excepted)— «:45.
f7:45, 8:45, 0:45. 11 a. -m. 12:20. *1:45. 3:13.
4:15. *5:157*«:15. 6:45. 9. 11:45 p. m.
7:45 a. in. train week days does not ran to
x\ ill v* &llcy
• 81WD AYS —AND - LEGAL ¦ ¦ HOLIDAYS— 7. .
t8. f«. rW, "• tll:3O a. ro.. T12.30, t*l:3u,
+ •35 -3:50. A. 6. 7:30. ». 11:45 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln. Those
marked It) to Fairfax, except 5:15 p. m. Satur-
days.- On Saturdays the 3:15 p. m. train rum
ta Fairfax.
' FROM SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO
'—Week days— 6:25. J6:25. 7:40. 8:15. $9:33.
11:05 a.m. 12-30. 2:20. t»:45. 4:60. 8:30. Bait
10:20 d. m -
SUNDAYS— 8:15. 7:35-^:10 9:40. J10:53.
tll:45 a. m.. 12:50. 2:30. t3:i5. 4:40,*»;3^
«:66. 7:35. 10:20 p. m.
; Trains marked U) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL. VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO— Week days— 5:45. «:40. 7:45. 8:23
9:45. 11:10 a. m.. 12:40. 2:45. 6:15. 5:10. 7:ul'
10:40 d. m . • "> ' > - • - <^
SUNDAYS— 6:55. 7:65. 10. 11:10 a. ro.; 12:01
1:05. 2:40. 3:45. 4:55. 6:05i 7:10. 10:40 p. m.-
¦ - THROUGH TRAIN'S.
•7:45 ». re. - week days— Cazadero aad wa»
stations. • ¦ ' • *
' 6:15 p. m.. week, days (Saturdays excepted)—
Tornales and. way atattona.. . , ,
3:15 p. m.. Saturdaya — Cazadero and war
stations. ¦ - - ¦":":'
' Sundays and I^egal Holidays — 8 a. m.. Caia-
dero and way stations. • ~
: Sundays and Legal Holidays— 10 a. m.. Point
Reyes Knd way stations. .• .
TICKET OFFICE— 626 Market St. -
i FERRY— Foot of Market st.
WBBte:CaHH.0fl:DGrl6af
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Xrmlna le»»e and are doe to »rri»» »•
SAM FKANCIHCU.
(M«i» Lto*. Toot f Uawkot Street ) »»
UtTi — >*moM Jp»» ai. bb. — iwim
7.00a Benicim. Sntsao, Klmlraaod Sacr»-
mento 7.2S»
7. 00x T»c»Tin«. Winter*. Humsey. 7.2S»
7.S0a Martlaes. Saa Unison. Tallejo,
Ksp*. Callatoc*. SanU Rosa 8 25*
7.30a UIle», Latnrop. SMekton 7.25*
! 100* U»T!».W««Mllainl, Kr.lahU Lauding.
MsryiTllle. Orerille. (eonnecta
at Uaryarnte for Gridley, UtgS*
and CfcU-o) _.... 7SB»
I C3a Atlantic Bxproa—OEden and Baat. 10.25a
8 Ma Port Covta. Marttoos, Aniloch. By-
ron.Tracy.Storktoo.Sacraraento.
Los l)»no§. Meadota, lUufurJ.
VJirMlm Forti>rTllle < n4.25»
8X0* Fort Coita, Marlines. Lntnrop, Mo-
deato. Merced. Fresno, Ooahen
Jinctlon. Eanford. VUalU.
Bakerafleld B.25»
8-SOa Bhaata Ezpreaa — DaTln. wmiaraa
(for Dartlett Sprtnca). TTllIowa,
-tPrnto, I'.rd Bluff. Fortland 7-559
8-30a KIIm. Saa Jo»e. Urcrtcorr. 9tock>
ton.IOB«.9acr»raentn,Flacenilllo,
Maryvrllle. Cblco. Ked C!uff 4 25»
830a Oakdale. Chinese, Jamettown. So
nor*. Tnolnmne and Angel* 4-25*
9.00a Mar tin ei and Way Stations B 55»
10.00a Tnllcjo 1225*
¦10410a Cretcrnt CHt Express. Butbonnd.
— Port Coata. Oyron. Tracy, Lap
throp. Stockton. Merced. Bay ,
mood. Treano. HaaforJ. Vtaalia, '
- :* : - Bakerofleld. Loa Aa«clcs and — '
Kew Orleana. ftTettrxinnd ar-
rlTes m PaclOe Coast £x?re»»,
Tla Coant Line) «",-ZZi
10 00a Tn« Orcrland Limited — Ogden.
DeaTer. Omaba. Chlcatro. 8 25*
1200m Bayward. Ntlea and Way Sutlona. 3-2&>
ti J30r> S«rr»rcif nto River Steamers. til. CO*
iJOr Senicla. ¦Winter*. Sacrameato.
Woodland. Wllllama. Coins*. Wil-
low!!. Knltrhta I.mkJIuk. Mary*.
Tflle, OroTllIe and way atatlona.. 10 5S*
3-7Op Bayward. Nllea and W*y Stallont.. 7-55?
4 C Or Martlne l.Saii I^roon. ValleJo.Napa.
'- C»ll«tof a, SanU Bo«a ??5*
400p Martinez. Tracy.Latarop,SU)«kto». 1028a
4 COr Nllw. LlTerroore. Stockton. Lodl.. 4.25r
' 430t Bayward. 5!les. IrTlagton. Saa I 18.65a
Joae. L|t frmore fti 1.5&A
6 OOr The Owl Limited— Fresno. Tulare, -
Bakerifleld. Loa An^elaa: eon-
necta at Saogna for Santa. Bar-
bara. 8.53a
600* F«rt Coata, Tracy, Stockton. Loa
Binot 12 25?
t5 30p Ntles, San Jote Local 7. 25 a
8.00r Biyward.Nll««and 6anJo*«. 10 25-a
600r Oriental SIM! — Otito. Deaver.
Ornaha. St. Louis. Chicago and
J •»» t. (Carries Pullman Car p«*-
aengers enly ont of San Fran-
claco. Tourist ear and coach
patiengera take 7.00 p. x. train
to Reno, eontlnatoK tbence la
tbelr cars ¦ r.n. train eastward.. 4 J5»
WettboniKl.' Sunset Limited.—
From Xew Tork, Cblratro, Mew
Orleans. El Para. Lot Aogelea,
Freino. Berenda, Raymond ( from
- TocemlteJ. MarUnes. .Arrrre*.. 82Sa
7 COp Ban Pablo. Port Coata, Martlnea
and Way Statlooa. 1%25*
*7.C0f Vallejo.... 7.56*
7-C0r Fort Coata. Benicl*. Suiaun. Darla.
Eaeramento. Traekee. Beno.
Stopa at all atatlona eaat of
Sacramento 755a
|.Cft> Oretron * California Kxpront— 8ao-
ramento, MarysTllle. Bedding.
Portland, PogetSonnd and Eaat. 8-55*
tS.IOr Bayward, Xlles and San Joa« (Sna-
day only) t1155»
11.25? Port Coota, Tracy. Latbrop, Mo
dc » to. Merced. Raymond (to To-
aemite). Freino 1228*
HanfQTd. Vloalla. Bakersfleld 6.2S>
COAST LI N IE <^«rr»w u*nge).
(Foot of .Murket Street.)
'{7.45a Sant* Cruj Excaralon (Snnday
only) JS.10»
¦•15a Kewark. Cenierrtne. San Jca«, *.
Felton. Boalner Creek, Santa
Croi and Way Stations ......... 6 25'
IS.ISr Newark, Cent* r»llle. Sna Jose.
New Almartcn. Lea 6ato«.Felton.
Bonlder Creek. Santa Crux and
Principal Way Stations 10.55a
4-1b> Kewark. San Jove. Lo« Gatoa and
way stations (ni, Saturday and
6nnday run* tbrongb to Santa,
Cruz, cennecta at Felton for
Bonlder Cr»ek. Monday only
from Santa Craz) *855 »
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY^
From SAN t UANC1SCU. *out of Market St. (Sltp«>
-t1:15 »:0O 11:00 a.m. 1 00 3 CO 5.15 r.i
From OAKLAND. Koot of Broadway — +«:tM 18-00
19:(a 10:011a.m. 12 00 200 4.C0 r>.».
COAST LINE OtruMl ul*i,y;
(Tplnl and 'i'»»»ii»en(l Streeta.)
8.10a SaaJnaeand Way Stations 7.ZCr
1700a San Jose and Way buttons ... 8-30r
/7 00a Kew AlTJaden /4.10f
:7 IB* Monterey and Sznta Crox Excnr
aK»n (Snnday only) : J8.30»
cBCOa Coart Line Limited— Stnpaonly San
Jose.Cllroy.Boillater.PaJaro.Ca*-
troTllle. f allciia. San AtiIk. F.»*o
JJoWes. Santa Mcricarita. San Lull
Obi*po,(pr1nrlpa]atatlcnstbenre>
Santn Barbara, and Lua An-
Felea. Connection at CastroTtll*
to and in m Mcnterey and Tactile
GroTe and at ]*a]arn north bound
... from tapltola and Santa Cmx 10.4E*
•430a San Jo»e. Trea rinoa. Capltola,
£a*taCrnz.ParinrnroTe.Sal1o*a,
P«n Ln!s Oblspo and Principal
Intermediate Station* 4.10»
Westbound only, racine Coa»t Ex-
nreaa.— From X«w York.Chlrago.
Kew Orleans. KI Paso. Lo» An-
«._. Itelea, Santa Barbara. ArTtrea.. ' SOr
lOfOa fan Jose and Way Stations 1 20»
1140a Ean Jote. Loa Gatoa and Way Sta-
•I-JO* San Jose and TVay Stations. III^!"I x 7 OOr
2 OOr San Joae and Way Statlona !9 4O»
1».3X0i" Del Monte ExpTens— Santa Clara. "
• San'J(«e. Del Monte. Monterey.
Pacific Grove (connects at Santa
Clara for ?«nta Cruz. Bonlder
_ _.' Creek and Narrow Ganue Points) t12.1B*
o3-3Cr Bnrllngatne. San Msteo. Kedwood.
iienlo Park. Palo Alto. Mayfleld,
Mountain View. Lawrence. Santa
Clara. San Jose, Gllroy (connec-
tion for Bolllster. Tres Pioos).
Pajaro 'connection for Watson*
grille. Capttola and Santa Craz).
PaelSc Gtotb and way atattona.
Connects at CastroTllle for Sa-
llna* 10.48a
"J-Jpr San Joae and Way Station*. 8.38a
•tSXOr Ban Jose. <ti* Santa Clara) Loa
- ...T' O«tos.Wr1gbtandPTtnclpalWay
Strtttona r9 00a
"SHS 1 " f" nJo »'«n««Pnnc!palWay Statlona tl 00a
•1S.16r eanMateo.Beresford.Belmont.San MW^
Carlos. lifdwimO. Fair Oaka,
m __ Mt-nlo Park. Palo Alto ¦ffi 4B»
8.30T 1 Ban Jose and Way Stations R.3al
•7X0r Bnnset Limited. Eastbound.-San "°
Lnls Obl.«po. Santa Barbara. Loa
Angeies. Demlntr. El Paso. New
Orleans, Xew Tork. (Westbound
• , fv _ t ,* rilT '" i * l » s ''»Jc»<in«nValley)... «-3 ri.k
¦CP/f^oAlto andWay Stallona.. ...... 10 Tgi
«1140J Mlllbrae, Palo Alioand Way Sti *
¦tlona...;. !¦>•
•11 Mr Mlllbrae. San Jtis'e '"and Wai'sta^
XS.IarS.S's^da^,?"^ 7 ""^' 4 ' 5 '
f Btopa at all statlona on Sanday. »
1 Sanday ezeepted ~ I Sanday oaJj.
«fatntday only. -»**.
• Cennecta atGoshen Je. with trains for Hanford.
.Vi V J^ tm -, , Ai yr »» n «>. *or Vlaalla Tla Bangnr
•Via Coa»t Line, j Tuesday and Friday
•'!)«• JH.t atoD at Valencia Bt. u " u *a.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave * Via SjuaUts ?«rrr Arrive
Saa Fran. >irt«^M57 sgjg?,.
w^liS 1 (®M$& *^£&
8 ! gJ2«J5
H^T" a . :35 'l . 8:OOp *¦¦!.!¦ ''
itMfayi anly. itars TWytra T 9t3Or.> TrrTO l». ii; 3O y
OrriCB ) and Sausauto Fkxrv. Foot M^r*w Su
The North Western-
' Union Pacific Excursions
•Sbrd unusual opportunities fer^as
I ' economical »ad satisfactory journey to
ChicagorEast
Excursions Every Day
Personally conducted parties leave
San Francisco every Wednesday,
Thursday, Friday and Saturday.
Leave Los Angeles one day earlier.
Choice of routes.
f For full information tpply to or address
R. R. RITCHIE. S. F, BOOTH.
General Agent, Cen'I Agent Pass'r Dept.,
Chicago & North- Western Ry. Union Pacific R. R.
617 MarkefcSi. No. 1 Montgomery St.
SAti FRANCISCO, CAL.
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
Eft * fir fa'r^T^rr^ii^S^ f* wk iJ 0
fPff/'A j5p 1iw , »¦¦¦"¦ v — except the price
1 l*lsg^g!llgiBP7' » vestibules, Pintsch gas,
fr'i'V W 1 * steam heat, toilet rooms,
;|S\ pip? ' and almost all the other con-
* p \ veniences of standard sleepers. The
bedding is clean, second-class tickets "ire accepted, and
the berth rate, California to Chicago, is only, $6.00.
Cars leare San Francisco ria the "El Paso r^^^^^fSSff
Short Line." Wednesdays, baturdays and Sundays »ia
the "Scenic" Line. - , n iIIm « viTl I II
Tickets and full information at Southern Pacific ticket tti»^UMg3gw|
offices, or by addressing jMHAyj^/^jjj^W,
F. W. THOMrsov. G. W. A.. Hffi^j/)! t Tjl Bwj
623 Market St., San Francisco, Cal. §i£Sr^teV^*$£%Hay and. Feedstuff s.
.Unfavorable news from ' Illinois . and Iowa,'
together with the strength In wheat, caused
a strong tone in the corn market. After sell-'
ing between 61%c and SSftc, September closed
%c higher at 61 %c. - - ¦¦>: '. . ..
OaU were extremely quiet, but " pricea were
firm in sy rnoathv with • the strength in - other
rrains. The close was firm., wuh * 8eDtember
CHICAGO, July 9. — Opening sales on wheat
were made at slightly lower prices due to lower
cables and favorable weather. September be
ing unchanged to %c lower at 77c to 77«,ic
but In suite of these - bearish conditions there
was a bullish sentiment prevailing among trad
ers and buying was" of good volume. The
market advanced quickly -on strength at St
LouU and New York and on continued re
ports of a poor yield, and shorts covered freely
After September had sold up to 78%c there
was a reaction on liquidation, but the market
at no time ahowed weakness. One of the
bullish factors was the report from Russia to
the effect that the crop waa -badly damaged by
heat. The- close was strong, with September
ltfc higher at 78%c.
Chicago Grain Market.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. July 9. — The cotton market
closed steady, net S to 19 points higher.
FLOUR — California Family Extras. $4 40«
4 65, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 30M
$4 40; Oregon and Washington, $3 70®4 per
bbl for Family and $3 70@4 20 for Bakers'.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In packages are as
followB: Graham Four, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye
Flour, $3 25; Rye Meal. $3; Rice Flour, $7:
Corn Meal, $3 25; extra cream do. \ $4; Oat
Groats, $4 50; Hominy. $4©4 25; Buckwheat
Flour. $4 50(84 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 50; Fa
rina. $4 25; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 60: Rolled
Oats. bbls. $6 75@S CO; in sacks, $U 25@8 10;
Pearl Barley. $5 00; Split Peas, boxes. $7;
Green Peas, . $5 00 per 100 lbs. .
Flour and Millstuffs.
Dried Fruits,Nuts, Raisins ,Honcy
FRUITS — New Apricots. 7®8c; old Apricots,
6 1 *4f7%c for Royal and 7@9c for ordinary
Moorparks; Evaporated Apples. 4@3%c; sun
dried, 3©4c; Peaches, 4@5%c; Pears, 4g4%c
for quarters and 5®0%c for halves; Nectarines,
4@5c for white; Plums, 4(gtic for pitted and
liilYjc for unpltted; Figs, 3%@4c for black
and 4S5c for white.
PRUNES— 1902 crop, 2%@2%c for the four
sires, with ] /»@lc premium for the large size*.
RAISINS — 1JK)2 crop are quoted as follows:
2-crown loose Muscatels, 60-lb boxes,' 5J4c per
lb; 3-crown, 6%c; 4-crown, Oc; Seedless, ioo&«
Muscatels, 5c; heedless Sultanas. 3c; Seedless
Thomps° ns ' 5%c; 2-crown London Layers. 20
lb boxep. . $1 40 per box; 3-crown, $1 50; 4
crown fancy clusterf, 20-lb boxes, $2; 2-crown
Itehesas, 20-lb boxes, $2 50; tt-crown Imperials,
20-lb boxes, t'l: Seeded, f. o. b. Fresno, fancy,
1-Ib cartons, 7%c; choice, 7%c.
NUTS — Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, 12%@13c;
No. 2, 10%(&ll%c; No. t hardshell. liy«®12c.
No. 2. lOglOVac; Almonds, lie. for Nonpareils,
lOV-QHc t0T I X L, 10® 10' ic for Ne Plus Ul
tra and 8&SUc for Languedoc; Peanuts, off 7c
for Eastern; Pecans, lliinae; Cocoanuts, S4 50
65.
HONEY — Comb, new, nominal at 13@14%c;
new water white extracted. 6Vjc; light amber
extracted, tfc; dark. r>@5%c.
BEESWAX— 27@29c per lb.
Provisions.
-Chicago was much lower on the day. The
packers find lt difficult to support any advance.
The outlook, according to brokers' wires re
ceived here. Is still for lower prices.
There Is no further variation in this market.
The demand Is fair, and Hams are firm.
CUKED MEATS— Bacon. 12%c per lb for
heavy, 13c for light medium, 15c for light, ISHo
for extra light. 17%c for sugar-cured and Wo
for extra - sv«ar-cur*d; - Eastern • sugar-cured
Hams 15%c; California Hams. 14%#13c; Mess
Ueef, $11 50@12 wr. bbl; extra Me»s, $li>9
12 50; Family. $13 50; prime Mess Pork. $1«;
extra clear. $26; Mess. $18; Dry Salted Pork.
12%c; Pig Pork. $28; Pigs' Feet. $5 25; Smoked
Beef, 15o per lb. *
LARD— Tierces quoted „ at 7%c per lb for
compound and lOVic for pure; half barrels,
pure. 10%c: 10-lb tins. 11 Vic; 5-lb tins. ll%c;
3-lb tins, ll%c. --'.':¦ .«-¦¦-.,..
COTTOLENE — One half barrel. 9%c: three
half barrels, »%c; one tierce, »»»c: two tierces,
9%c; five tierces. 994c per lb.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops:
SUGAR.
Hana P Co.. 40c 75c Kilauea 8 C. 5 8%
H C & S... 40 42% Makaweli 8. — 23
Honokaa S C 10 11 Onomn 8 C. — 2*
Hutch S P C 12% — Paauhaa 8 C — II
• MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack. 151 153 Oceanic S Co T 8
Cal Fruit As. — — Pac A F A. 2% —
Cal Wine As. — 90% Pac C Borax. 168 —
Morning Session.
45-Californla Fruit Canners 90 00
20 Contra Costa Water B 30 60 0O
5 Contra Costa Water 60 00
100O Honolulu R T * L Co « per cent.107 SO
30 Hutchlnson S P Co tJ CO
5 Makawelt 2S 00
50 Mutual Elec Light 1100
10 Pacific Gas Imp M 80
$3000 S P of Arizona (1909) 10S 50
$10110 United Gas &. Electric 5s 105 00
Street—
$2000 Los Angeles Ry 5s Bonds Ill 00
Afternoon Session.
20 Giant Powder Con 73 5O
75 Mutual Electric Light 11 25
100 Mutual Electric Light 11 5O
10 Oceanic 8 S Co 7 50
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 69 00
California Stock and Oil Exchange
011 Stocks— Bid. Asked.
Caribou Oil Co 95
Four OH 72
Hanford Oil 115 Of) 119 00
Home Oil 3 05
Imperial OH 19 00
Independence Oil ,.. 18 IS
Junction Oil 22
Kern Oil 5 50
.Lion Oil :.. 0* 07
Monte Cristo Oil J0O 110
Monarch Oil 50 87
Oil City Petroleum 30 S2
Peerless Oil 14 8C
Reed Crude Oil 3S 40
San Joaquin OH 6 50
Sterling Oil 2 90
Thirty-Three OH * S 50
Twenty-Eight Oil 4 00 .....
Union Oil 6S
United Petroleum 118 00
: West Shore Oil 3 50
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land and Improvement 1 20 1 40
; Alameda Sugar 20 f»>
American Biscuit 99 00 10O 00
' American District Tel
Bay Counties Power .....
Cal. Central Gas & Electric
Cal. Cotton Mills 83 00
Cal. Jockey Club 105 OO
1 Cal. Powder
Cal. Shipping Co .; ... 22 50
Cal. Title Ins. & Trust 130 00 140 00
Central Bank of Oakland
! Chutes Company 830
1 City and County Bank
Cypress Lawn Ima Co 6 00
Eastern Dynamite
Ewa Suear i'lantatlon
Gas Consumers' Association . ..;. 22 SO
Honolulu Sugar 2000
London and sS. F. Bank (Ltd)
Mercantile Trust -.... ..... ' .^....
[Northern Cal. Power _ 975
i Nevatla National Hank .....
; North Shore Railroad 10 OO
: Orpheum Company 16 0O
j Pacific States Tel £ Tel 122 50
1 Paraf fine Paint 33 00
I Postal Device and Imp
San Francisco Dry Dock.... 47 00
: Pausallto Land and Ferry.-. 18 00
' Sperry Flour Company
I Standard Electric 1.S0O
; Truckee Electric IS 00 18 00
Union Sugar 22 60 .
, United Gas and Electric .... 34 80
I Western Fish Co
OFFICIAL SALES.
Morning Session.
400 Oil City Petroleum so
: ."i-o Apollo oil 45
! 150 Kern Oil 325
: SCO Home Oil 300
i SOU Home Oil (B 5) 3 00
Afternoon Session.
I 500 Reed Crude Oil 33
I 100 Home OH 3 00
I 10O Home Oil (B 5) 300
I 5C0 Lion Oil 0-5
Mining Stocks.
i The following were the sales on the San
I Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester-
Morning Session.
( 20O Andes 0»> 500 Occidental ... 3\
1 100 Best & Bel... 2 00! 100 Occidental ... 35
j ".00 Caledonia ...1 30| 300 Overman •$*.
t 5<>0 Con Cal & Va.l S3: 500 Potosl . . " " '«>n
I 500 Imperial 05 500 Seg Belcher!. 11
' JWO C New York. . 11 200 Scorpion 05
1 100 Gould & Cur. . 41 10O Sierra Nevada «."X
100 Hale & Nrcrs. 62 200 Union .... 89
100 Justice 14 500 Utah .... " * "ii
100 Mexican 1 15 "
' Afternoon Session.
500 Alpha ....*... 06 1 200 Ophir 1 «J
00 Caledonia 1 25i 100 Overman .... 32
i 5O Caledonia 1 20J BOO Savage 19
I 200 t.nallenge 471 «00 Sierra Nevada CO
::oo Con Cal & Va.l 50} 300 Seg Belcher.. 1O
100 Crown Point. 22 300 Seg Belcher.. W>
200 Gould & Cur. 4l| HV) Silver Hill... S3
" ~ Hale & Nrcrs. 59| 100 Silver Hlli... 84
3C0 Justic- 141 10O Utah 23
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Piclflo
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Moraine Session.
1C0 Caledonia 1 251 200 PotosJ 2a
200 Con C & Va.l 52% 15O Savage 2O
3CO Con NY lo 200 Seg Belcher... 13
400 Gould & Cur.. 41 200 Union Con.... 90
300 Justice 14 200 Union Con ... S3
100 Mexican 112% 200 Utah 23
200 Ophir 162% 100 Yellow Jacket. 75
200 Overman 35 500 Yellow Jacket. 73
200 Overman 33
Afternoon Session.
100 Caledonia ..1 27% [ 300 Overman .... 33
100 Caledonia ..,.1 25 200 Overman 33
100 Con C £ Va..l 50 300 Savaxo 1*
1000 Con Imperial. 04 200 Sierra Nev.... «O
3C0 Crown Point.. 25 200 Silver Hill... S!>
400 Gould & Cur. 41 { 150 Silver Hill... s*
200 Hale & Nor... 59 200 Silver HU1 85
500 Hale & Nor.. 60 400 Union Con.... S3
200 Mexican ...1 12% j 200 Union Con ... 87
400 Mexican 1 lo 200 Yellow Jacket 73
200 Occidental ... 34 300 Yellow Jacket 7*
100 Ophlr 1 62%
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Saa Fran
dsco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yester*
day:
Morning Session.
500 Esperanza ... OS 6840 Ton A Cal... 23
100 Esperanza ... 69 10O Ton N Star. . 44
100 N Y Ton 12 40O Ton N Star.. 45
60 Paymaster .. 19
Afternoon Session.
1000 Esperanza ... 05 800 Ton Midway. 50
500 Golconda. Con. 18 100 Ton N Star. . 47
10O Montana Ton. 9H I50O United Too... IS
100 Rescue 15| /
CLOSINO QUOTATIONS.
S Bld.Ask. Bld.Ask.
Alta 02 04 Julia 02 O4
Alpha 06 07 Justice ...... 13 14
Andes 00 10 Kentuck .... 04 05
Belcher 41 42 Lady Wash.... — 03
Best A B ....1 90 2 05 Mexican 1 OS 1 10
Bullion 05 06 Occidental ... 34 33
Caledonia 1 13 1 23 Ophlr 1 55 1 «0
C C A Va 1 45 1 5O Overman .... Jl 33
Challenge 47 48 Potost 22 24
Confidence ...1 25 1 40 Savage IS 19
Chollar 20 21 Seg Belcher .. OS 10
Crown P '. . . . 22 23 Sierra N»» . . 55 &)*
Exchequer ... 02 03 Silver Hill.... 81 S3
Gould AC.. 40 42 Utah 22 23
Nale A N .. 55 87 Union 85 84
Imperial 04 05 Yellow J .... 70 . II
TONOPAH MINES.
Colehan — 20 Rescue 14' *1»
Esperanza ... 05 00 Belmont 2 10 2 13
Eula Con 23 — T A Calif ... 22 —
Gipsy Queen . 23 27 Ton Fraction. — 73
Gold Mount ..15 22 Ton & G W... 09 12
Lucky Tom .. — 15 T Co of Nev.7 73
MacNamara .27 30 Ton N Star.. 4ft 48
MIzpahEx... — 50 Midway 40 31
Montana T V. 03 1 00 T A 8 Lake.. — 60
N Y Ton ..11 18 Ton Union .. — • 90
Paymaster ... 19 21 United Ton M -It 1»
Pine Grove .. 80 — Utopia -. M
NEW YORK. July 0.— Spot tin lost £1 7s Cd
in London, closing at £122 10s, while futures
closed at £11» 13*. a loss of £1 10s. The New
York market was also weak and lower, closing
at >i!0 60@27 10.
• Copper declined 7s Cd in London, spot there
clCFing at £50 17s 6d and futures at £56 7s Cd.
Locally copper was dull and nominally un
changed. Lake and electrolytic arc quoted at
$14 and casting at $13 500115 75.
Lead was unchanged in London at £11 Cs 3d,
and in New York at $4 12%.
KDelter closed In London at £20 17s 6d, ¦ was
unchanged there, as It waa also here, where lt
closed at $5 87%«?6.
Iron closed at 52s 4d In Glasgow and at 4Cs
4%d In Mlddlesboro. Locally Iron was dull
and lower. No. 1 foundry. Northern, J1S 50®
19 50;. No. 2 foundry. Northern. $17 50018 50;
No. 1 foundry. Southern, and No. 1 foundry,
Southern. 60ft. $18@1S 50.
Warrants were nominal
Nczv York Metal Market.
Local securities continued dull, with few and
narrow changes. Gas and Electric was lower
at $G9. Pacific Gas Improvement at $54 50 and
Mutual Electric at $ll@ll 50. Other changes
were unimportant. The oil stocks continued
inactive and featureless.
The California Stock and Oil Exchange has
elected H. L. Coffin secretary, to fill the va
cancy caused by the resignation of Emil E.
Kahn.
The Presidio and Ferries Railroad Company
has declared a regular monthly dividend of 20
cents per share, payable July 13.
The Nevada National Bank has declared a
semi-annual dividend for the six months end-
Ins June SO at the rate of 7 per cent per an
num, payable July 15.
The Empire State-Idaho Mining and Devel
opment Company has declared a monthly divi
dend of *i of 1 per cent, payable July 13.
The Phoenix Savings. Building and Loan As
sociation has declared semi-annual dividends
to June 20 at the rates of 9 per cent per an
num on Installment certificates. 6 per cent on
time deposits and AVi per cent on savings ac
counts, payable July 20
Ex-coupon. July 7, Oakland Transit Com
pany 6s 191S. semi-annual, amounting to 142,
000.
The California Street Railroad Company paid
a regular monthly dividend of 75c per share,
amounting to ?75O0. July. 7.
Stock and Bond Exchange.
THURSDAY. July 0—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bld.Ask. Bid.Ask.
4« quar coup. — HUi <s q c new.l."55H13«i^
4s quar ree.UO%lllVJ quar coup.l08U100
MISCELLANEOUS.
Ala A W 5s. — — )Oak T 6s... — 122
Bay C PC 5s — 105 H' Do 5s — —
C C G&E 5s. — 107Va! Do con 5s. — 103
QGSEGJ1 jOcanlc SC003 — S3
*& CT 5s.. — 102ti Om G R 63.124 123
Tal-st C 5s... — — Pac G Imp4s 9tHi 98
C C Wat 5s. — 10:1 P E Ry 5a. 107% —
Ed L & P 6s. — 12S?4 P & C R «s. — —
F & Cl RtU.llGii — P & O R Cs. — —
Geary-st R5s — — Powell-st fo.liat« —
II C &S5<-i«.1021i — 8 F. G&R 5j. — 105
H C & S 5s — 98 S F &SJV5S.120 121
Hon R T Lfrs — 108 !»? R of C tSs.HO —
L A Elec 5s. — — |?PofA6s
L A Ry 5s. — 115 J (1300) — 100
L A L C 6a. — — | (1010) I0D —
Do gtd 6s. — — 5 P of C 6s
Do gtd 5s. 10O — (1005)Sr A. — 104U
L A Plm3i.l03^104ti (l!H)5)Sr B. — 105%
Markt-st Ctls — — (1906) — 1O7V4
Do 1 m.'.s.H7 — (1912) — 118^
NRofC6a— — BPC Icg5s. — 121%
Do 5s 119^120^ Do stmpd. 107%lC9^
N P C RR5s. — 1C8H H P B R C6a — 140
N C Ry 5s. — 1MH B V-Wat «s. — 107%
N C P 5s.. 100 — I Do 4s 2dm.l00 100-%
N S R 5s.. — 100 I Do 4s, 3dm — 100ft
O G L C 5s.llO — Iftktn Gas 6n — 102
Ok WCogtdS* — 10O lu. G & E 5s. — 107
i 1 WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 59% «1 'Port Costa.. 64 66%
j Martn Co ... 60% — Bpring Val.. 85 —
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
; Cent L & P. — 434 Sac E G & R 39 —
; Eqult Gas... 4*i — K F G & E. 6S% 69
, Mutual E L. 11% 11% P F Gas 3 3K
Pac G Imp.. 54 56 IFtkn Gas..". 5 —
j pac L Co 55% — ! U G & E. . . ; 34% —
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F G &. E. 65% —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd. — 350
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk..l25 — Lon P & A. 165 —
i Anglo-Cal .. 94 100 Mer Trust... 200 250
I Bank of Cal. 545 — Mer Ex 53 75
C S D & T.142%160 8 F National — —
First Natlonl — —
8AVING3 BANKS.
Ger S & L.. — 2275 Sav & L So. 100 —
Hum SAL.— — Sec Sav Bk.40O 500
Mut S Bank 05% — Union T C.2150 —
S F Sav U..0OO 750 .
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..— 208 (Presidio....— 43
Geary — 60 |
POWDER.
Giant 73U 73%/Vigorit 5>i 5vi
WHEAT— The foreign markets were weak,
with lower futures, but Chicago advaced Hie
The Cincinnati Price Current said: "This has
been the best week of the season for harvest
and crop growth. Reports of disappointing
Wheat yields In the Central States continue,
but elsewhere the reports are favorable." Min
neapolis wired: "Things in the Northwest are
disappointing." . .
Prices for new Wheat continue to advance,
with a firm market, but old Wheat Is un
changed.
New Wheat. *1 37>/i@l 42}i for shipping. and
51 45@1 50 for milling.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club, $14O@142%; California
White Australian. $1 SOftl 52 V4: Northern
Club. $1400142^4: Northern Blue Stem
$1 4S%©1 50; Oregon Valley. $1 47%.
FUTURES. ;'
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m. ¦]
Op»n. High. Low. Close
December ...$1 3»V4| *l 38J4 ?1 :wi* ?1 ;iS £
May 1 -«0tt 1 40>* 1 wi^ * X 4O £
.2 d, m. Session.
December ...$1 3S?g.
BARLEY— The market was firm yesterday, |
with dealers quoting a small advance in the
cash stain.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed, new, $1 O2U><?1 06>4: new shipping
and brewing. $1 12&4H 17Vi; old brewing
*1 15(51 20; Chevalier, $1 15&1 30 for fair to
choice.
FUTURES.
Session 8 to ll:o0 a. in.
Open. High. Low. Close
December ... 93 Vi . 83% Wi% 935$
2 P; m. Session.
'--v- : . Open. Hlch. Low. Close
December ... I'-tVi 1WT6 0^U oajfc
OATS— The market continues firm at the re
cent advance, with a fair demand on local con
sumptive account, to say pothlng- of the large
Government demands already mentioned.
New Red, ?l 16@1 25 per ctl.
Old crop — White, $1 17^01 25; Black
$1 10@l 17>-i; Red. $1 J2Vj@1 17>£ for common
and $1 20^1 25 for choice; Gray, nominal.
CORN — Is very scarce, tho market being in
fact almost cleaned up. Prices are much higher
as will be seen, but owing to the absence of
stock the quotations are largely nominal.
California large Yellow, $1 40@l 43. sma ;i
round do, $1 70©l 75; White, $1 40©i 45-
Egyptian. $145® 1 50 for White and $1403
1 45 for Brown.
RYE— *1 10@l 15 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $1 75«jt2 per ctl.
IVhcat and Other Grains.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market con
tinues quiet and about steady. Common. 4$
BVtcj prime, RVs<&5%c; choice, Cc, and fancy,
°' PRUNES— Spot are in fair demand, and
while prices show no change, the general tone
is firm with the larger sizes displaying a
hardening tendency. Quotations range from
:jc to 7c for all grades. - ;L L V
APRICOTS — Steady, with choice at 7fi@
8%c and fancy at 1O012HC
PKACHES — Attract a moderate Jobbing de
mand and rule steady at 7@7%c and 8&10{&c
for fancy.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, July U. — FLOUR— Receipts.
29*439 carrels: exports, 22,000- barrels. More
active and higher.
WHEAT— Receipts, none; exports, 40,000
bushel*. Spot. firm. No. 2 red, ! !>,c elevator
and Sfi'ic f- o b. afloat: No. 1 Northern Du
luth 89-%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Mani
toba 91 \c f. o. b. afloat. Options had an
easier opening on account of the rains in the
Northwest. The mtdday market was strong
and fairly active on complaints of poor con
ditions iii epring wheat States, covering and
unsatisfactory winter wheat conditions. The
close wan %c net higher. July, 85>i!gS5M>c,
closed S5?ic; September. 81 %@S2 ll-10e, closed
S2Hc.
HOPS — Steady.
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL — rirm.
PETROLEUM— Steady.
SUGAR— Raw, steady; refined, steady.
COFFEE — Spot Rio. quiet; Xq. 7 invoice,
6lic - mild quiet. The market for coffee fu
tures opened steady at unchanged prices to a
decline of 5 points, but notwithstanding the
heavv receipts and disappointing German
cable's, turned wich firmer under French ca
fcles. closing steady at a net advance of 10 to
"0 DOints. Sales were 28.500 bags, including,
.lulv ,{.3Oc; September. 4c; October, 4@4.05c;
November, 4 @ 4.05c; December, 4.40c; January,
4 40c; March, 4.45«f4.S5c: May, 4.00@4.70c.
New York Grain and Produce.
Excliange and Bullion.
Sterling Excliange. sixty days.. — , f.4 jyji^
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87-%
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 S84i
New York Exchange, sight — 0214
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 05
Silver, per ounce — 5;;
Mexican Dollars, nominal — ' 41 j£
. *ln °Jur.e the exports of Salmon from San
Francisco by tea were as follows:
To — Cws. Packages. Value*.
.Australia 2t?7 ... I1/W8
New Zealand 1OR4 4 3,»05
f»irc«n Islands 752 14 1.948
Hawaiian Islands... ISO S34 3,752
<"hiria 176 ... 617
.'ipttn 12« ... 408
East Infiles 1O9 ... 442
'iirxieo 127 ... 3*5
central America.... 19 4 M
Olrmbia 19* 12 r>97
Ecuador 71 « 521
I>ru ion , ... 275
Chile 437 ... 1.39'J
Tahiti 221 18 990
Jamaica 241 ... !»3S
Trlr.Kiad I*!and 50' ... 200
South Africa 12 ... 47
•Noumea 6 ... 20
Total* .' 4153 455 $17,646
In Jur.e. 1902, the exports were 19,249 cases
and 150 packapes, valued at $f!7.<XiO. In that
n-.cnth S132 cases went to New York.
*
Oregon Crop Bulletin.
The report of Edward A. B«e.ls. section di
rector. United States Weather Bureau, for the
Oijpgon Crop Bulletin for the week ended July
7. is as follows :
"TTie., rast week has been cloudy, with fre
quent »howere. and it was unseasonably cool.
The jainfall was light in the eastern part of
the State, but good rains f^ll in the western
ar.4 southern sections'. They were very bene
ficial to all late fowb crops, such as spring
•ram, potatoes and corn, and they also <5id
gr»-at gojid to the rar.jres. which have hereto
fore been short for the season of the year.
"Many meadows are now over-ripe, and
bright, warm weather is needed for haying.
TBon« clover hay has be«n cut. and the rains
have damaged it. but the amount sjv>Ued in
this way Is *ma'.l. as the farmers generally
have rut off haying until the weather be
comes more nettled.
"The condition of wheat continues to im
prove. Fell wheat is ripening nicely, and its
han>£t will become general In about two
, weeks. The heads of spring wheat are of
good size and they are filling under favorable
conditions. The oat crop ig in evea better con
dition than whtat. In Houthern Oregon the
rains came too late to help grain, and more
than the usual amount will be cut for hay.
Hoyi? continue making good advancement.
•"Prune* and rear* are unu?ua<:y promising.
Cherries have been fcadlv Injured by the rains.
KaFrberrles are plentiful, and the outlook for
apples is good."
JVeathcr Report.
(120th Meridian— raclflc Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. July 9 — 5 p. m.
COAST RECORD.
~ S 2 C m "Z
c r'H mZ -* <r %
3 S3 55 d; l o Z
ETATIONS. I |0 || sg |" ~
* • • '. '
V.&kfT rui.ru 74 44 XW CWr .00
Carson 2!»>S 7X 42 W Clear .00
Kureka 3".<K> r.S 54 NW Cloudy .O1
Frerao 2f».*0 Wi «0 PW Clear .00
Fl«gstaff 2»,7N K4 52 E Cloudy .00
Ir.dej.fHdence 2!».74 «2 «2 PE CI«ar .00
I.Os Angfles. .29.M R2 M P\V Clear .00
Mt. Tamalt<aiE29.i«4i 7*1 W» NW CWar .00/
North He&d ..30.10 5S 54 NW Pt Cldy ."Of
Phoenix . 2».fi« Km fc2 W Clear .00
Pocatello 29. Wt K2 40 W
Portland 30.00 SO &4 NW Clear .00
Point Reyes.. 2».»2 54 4fi NW Foggy M0
. Red Bluff 29. Mi »4 ?.« SE Clear .00
Rosehurg 23.'.*", hS M NE Clear .00
Sacramento ..2».*« flo 54 P\V Clear .00
ftalt Lake ...29.84 *4 52 N Cifar .<x»
San Franciseo.2».»4 <a> 48 \V Clear -.00
(=. L Obispo. .2a.SU 74 4* NW Cl».ar .<i0
Fan Diego ...29.*4 70 «« NW Clear .00
prattle 30.08 72 52 W Oo&r .00
F;K>kane TO. 04 74 48 NW Cloudy T.
Tatoosh :^i.12 M M W Cloudy .<>«¦
'.Valla Walla. 23. »« K2 56 R Clear .00
Wir.ntmucea .23.fc* R» 4fl \V Clear .'-0
Yuma 29.TO 108 76 SW Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Generally fair weather prevails ever the
. Pacific glope except fuegy along the Central
Pacific ooaet and cloudy ever the Central
Washingon and a thunderstorm is reported
from Btxikane.
Th« jjresEure has risen over Northern Wash
ington and remained nearly stationary in other
districts.
The temperature has risf-n generally west
of the Rocky Mountains. In the Interior of
California It Is about normal.
Forecast made at San Francisco fcr thirty
hours, ending midnight. July 10:
Northern California — Fair Friday except
foggy along the central coatt In the morning
and at night; fre^h west wind.
Southern California — Fair Friday; fresh west
wind. >
Nrvada — Fair Friday.
Fan Franciso and vicinity — Fair Friday,
«-xeert foggy in the morning and evening: fresh
west wind. G. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecaster. Temporarily in Charge.
Fruit and JVeathcr Bulletin.
For the twenty-four hours ending S p. m.,
120th meridian tlrr.e. San Francisco. July S:
K 2 ~ 2 ~ <
*:* »J~ B* -"» »-^"
g'2. 2= g.2, •• rSJ5 £%
(STATIONS. |I | 2 |i V : * : 1
:. : ?S : : :
Ciovcrdale 1»2 45 .... Clear ..
Colusa 00 . r ,9 CTcar ......
Kureka 58 84 .... Cloudy NW C
Fresno W5 64 Clear SW 0
Harford 78 M Clear
HoIIIbmt «2 47 Clear
Independence . .112 «2 Clear SE 1*
K:ing City 88 **> ¦ Clear N Lt.
Uvennere S>O 49 Clear " . .
Los Angeles .. f>2 Ml Clear EW 10
Napa M 60 Clear 6
Newman 102 54 .... Clear ......
Palermo «5 60 .... Clear 8 ..
Porterville 87 M Clear NW ..
Red Bluff M 68 Clear £E Lt.
Riveralde 95 T<0 .... Clear
Sacramento ... 5tO J M .... Clear SW Lt.
Ban Diego 70 60 .... Clear NW 6
Pan Francisco .60 48 Clear NW 28
P. L. Obispo. . . 74 48 Clear NW LC
,«anta Maria... 70 64 Clear W Lt.
Santa Rosa .... K0 47 .... Clear
Ftockton (S3 59 .... Clear
Willows 02 57 Clear 8
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
Riverside — Apples promise good crop; peaches
rtpenlng.
Hollleter — Apricot drying commenced In
some orchards; quality better than last year. -
Palermo— Dried apricots being shipped.
Livermore — Grain crop will be smallest In
years.
Newman — Conditions tne Fame.
Napa— Foggy morning*; corn looking good.
Colusa — Apricot drying nearly finished; xnel
or>t in market.
Willows — Peaches ripening slowly; weather
confiltiocf good.
LONDON. July 9. — Consols, !»2%«92TA: sil
ver. 24 7-lCd: French rentes. 07f »53c: wheat
cargoes on passage, quiet and steady; English
country markets, partially dearer.
LIVERPOOL. July 9. — Wheat quiet; No. 1
standard California. Cs 6Vid(g< ! s 7d: wheat In
Paris, quiet; flour in Paris, dull; French coun
try markets, steady; weather in England,
warm.
COTTON'— Uplands, C.32c.
Foreign Markets.
Hour, qr sks 5,(V4"t Straw, tons 18
Wheat, ctls .... 1,410 Wool, bales .... 133
Barley, ctla 0.210 Feed, sks 100
Oats, ctls ......" SOOLeather. rolls .. 75
Corn, et!«i 75irallow. ctls .... 209
Bears, sks .... 109|Mme. bbls 317
Potatoes, sks .: 2.740|Wlne. gals 130,400
Onions, sks .... t75j Pelts, No. 110
Bran, ska l.OOUjHIdes, No 322
Middlings, sks . 212|Sugar. ctls .... 2.10O
Hay, tons 757itiuicksilver, flks. 225
OREOOK.
Flour, qr sk.»... S.47S|Fee<i sks 800
Bran, sks 5.4n2 ; . Shorts, sks .... 2,000
Middlings, sks . ."i7 : Potatoes, sks .. l,4«0
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr eks... 2.744
FOR THURSDAY, JULY S.
Receipts of Produce.
* OREGON.
"PORTLAND. July 0.— WHEAT— Walja Wal
la.-77®78c; Bluestem, 70c: Valley, ?8j?-TOc.
. . WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Wash., July 0.— WHEAT*— Steady;
Bluestem, S2c; Club. 7Sc.
Northern IV heat Market.
PEACHES— 50® 65c for small boxes, with
some fancy higher; baskets from the river l"5
®40c. *-'' ¦¦•'¦ -¦;"*. '!¦-•*¦-¦ '-¦
MELONS — Cantaloupes from Coachella, $2 50
@3 50 per crate; Watermelons, 10@25c each.
GRAPES— Seedless Sultana from Yuma. 75o
@$1 per crate.
CITRUS FRUITS— Quotations . for Oranges
and Lemons are for eound repacked stock only.
Navel Oranges, $1«?2 60 per box; SeedMngx.
$1®1 25; Valenclas, $2 25^(2 75 for fancy, $1 75
@2 for choice and $1 25@1.60 for standard;
St. Michaels, *l 50©!' 75. Lemons, 75c@51 for
standard, $1 25® I 75 for choice and $2@2 50
for fancy; Grape Fruit, $liil 25; Mexican
Limes, $5 5O©C; Bananas. $1(32 50 per bunch
for Central American and 75c@$l 50 for Ha
waiian; Pineapples, $2@3 per dozen.
CHERRIES— Black, 75®S5c per box and 5@
<ic per lb in bulk; Royal Anne, 50@75c per box
and 5<ii7c per lb in bulk.
APRICOTS— C5@75c per box or crate; bas
kets from the river, 25(g40c; in bulk, $15f?30 per
ton. .
FIGis— Black. 25O350 for single-layer and 40
<ftt,Oc for double-layer drawers; white, 25@40c
per drawer.
PLUMS— 25@40c per box. 4Cg65c per crate
and 20®.'!0c per basket.
PRUNES — Tragedy. 50@C0c per crate ' and
40<350c per basket; other varieties, C0@75c per
crate.
The market was liberally supplied with over
ripe Central American Bananaa. which were
offering at eaey rates and were bought up by
peddlers. Choice Lemons and Limes were well
cleaned up and steady. Otherwise there was
nothing new in Citrus fruits.
STRAWBERRIES— S.'.&7 per chest for Long
worths and S2W.1 for the larger varieties.
RASPBERRIES— $4WC per chest.
LOGANBERRIES — $1 uv&2 50 per chest
BLACKBERRIES— $2 00®3 GO per chest
CURRANT? — *2«3 50 per chest.
APPLES — Mc@$l 25 per box;, Crabapples
30$i JOc per box.
PEARfH— Bartletts. $li01 25 per box: Dear
born Seedlings. tXKSCSc per box and 40350c per
basket.
The market was well supplied with most de
scriptions of deciduous fruits and prices showed
but slight variation. Receipts of Apricots from
the river* continued light, but as there were
liberal receipts from Sonoma County the scarci
ty was less pronounced than on the preceding
day. Liberal purchases of bulk stock by the
cannon) kept the market steady and prices of
small packages were maintained. Receipts of
Peaches In baskets were light, but there was
too much carriel-over stock on hand to permit
any advance InTJrices. Cherries were sudden
ly plentiful, and as offerings were chiefly poor,
prices declined. Good Apples were steady and
some fancy 4-tier Gravensteins sold at $1 30
per box. Bartlett Pears In good order for ship
ping sold off well. Culls and windfalls were
in free supply and accumulating. Plums,
Prunes and FIbs were In .fair request, but sup
plies were too heavy for the market to absorb.
Melons and Grapes stood as previously quoted.
Nutmeg Melons from Winters sold at $1 75 per
box and a small box from the river brought
$1 25, Cantaloupes from Winters sold at $3 6U
per crate. The usual quantity of Berries cam?
in and prices stood about the same. The can
ners were buying surplus stocks of all descrip
tions, but Longworths at the minimum quota
tions. Currants continued in free supply and
easy. ...
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
SEATTLE. July 9. — Clearances, $506,761;
balances. $173,080. *
TACOMA. July 9.— Clearings, $282,489; bal
ances. J32.005.
PORTLAND. July 9.— Clearings, $609,929;
balances, $115,294.
SPOKANE, July 9. — Clearings, $399,391;
balances, $63,702.
Northern Business.
LONDON July 9. — The offerings at the wool
auction sales to-day numbered 12.310 bales.
Trading was brisk throughout. Merinos were
in active request for the home trade and the
Continent. A large supply of crossbreds was
offered and France was a free buyer, with
the home trade and the Continent tak(ng fair
quantities. Natal greasy was not wanted.
America took several lots of Merinos and good
medium crossbred*.
London Wool Sales.
Butter continues to be quoted firm or easy,
according to the stock carried by each dealer.
The quotations represent the bulk of the sales.
The market as a whole Is fairly supplied. A
good many Interior orders are being received,
as already mentioned.
There is no change In Cheese, which is in
ample supply.
Eggs are in moderate supply and Bell readily
at the quotations. ¦
Receipts were 45,300 lbs Butter, 1202 cases
Eggs and 47,400 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery. 23%(g25c; dairy, 22®
23c; store Butter, 17<g20c; Eastern ladle
packed, nominal.
CHEESE — New, ll%@12c; Young America,
12%@13c; Eastern, ltJ%©17c; Western, 12%c
per pound.
EGGS — Ranch. Wg22%c; store, l&glSc;
Eastern, 17® 19c per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
NEW YORK, July 9.— The stock market de
veloped rather acute weakness to-day and the
volume of tales roee to more than double the
reoent average. The liquidation in New York
Central and the continued pressure to sell
United States Steel were the disturbing fac
tor*. There was no definite news to account
for the marked weakness of New York Cen
tral, but the tape was regarded a* giving
ground for ominous conjectures. These took
form in various surmises as to the measures
to be adopted by the corporation to secure
the capital which will be required to carry
on the vast terminal and other Improvements
which have been undertaken. Tiie fact of
this capital requirement is well known, and
the variation* in to-day's rumors had to do
simply with the manner of raisins it. There
were rumors of a projected ls*ue of new stock,
of a bond l«sue and of a temporary loan on
the security of notes. The recent experience
of the Pennsylvania in floating Kb new stock
doe« not offer encouragement for a simllar
undcrtaking by otner railroad coroorations.
It Is borne In mind that the New York Cen
tral *tookholders have authorized nearly $1S.
000.000 of stock, which It lies with the cred
itors to Issue. It ig also a fact that of the
general refunding mortgage for .<100.000.000
authorized in 1S97 $S5,000.000 was fcr refund
ing underlying bonds, while $15,000,000 was
reserved for new construction after l!«03. The
market rrice of these bonds never ftll below
101 until last week. When they sola at par,
and to-day they sold at 96. without any large
.blocks being marketed in the interval To in
fer an attempt to float a new issue of. these
boncg at present therefore seems unwarranted.
These conditions rave color to the day's ru
mor of the negotiation of a loan of something
like $18,000,000, the rumor as circulated carry-
Ing the further detail of an interest rate to be
paid at 6 per cent. The usual parallels were
al«o drawn between Pennsylvania and ..New
York Central, which have been selling near a
parity, while the former is paying 6 per cent
with the flotation bMUmw stock achieved,
and the latter is paying 5 per cent dividend
with the new capital requirements yet to be
met. The downward plunge of nearly 4 points
in New. York Central was the event u(»on which
the whole market hinged. Selling cf the Steel
ttocks was aggravated by the Iron Agc"s show
ing of increased blast furnace capacity on
July 1. the increasing rate of accumulation of
pig iron and the slow recession In the steel
market. Pig iron was marked down during
the day and the rumors were" current of a
cut in steel billets at Plttsburg. United Stateg
Fteel soM within a fraction of its low record
levol and the second fives sold H 'ower than
ever before. The announcement .lust before
the close of the market of the engagement of
$2.0(X).000 in gold for export on Saturday
helped the late weakness. With the move
ment of currency from the interior arrested
and with a loss indicated already to Jhe sub
treasury of SX4SS.0O0, including payments for
gold exported and a surplus reserve liEt Satur
day of let* than $8,000,(100 in banks, the in
fluence of the future gold outgo reported may
be understood. The continued drain upon New
York tanks is in strong contrast to tl:e prompt
and enormous recuperation ghown by the Bank
of England and the Bank of France in their
weekly statement to-day following the semi
annual settlements. Developments In the cot
ton and grain market*, the new* cf the crops
and statements of railroad earning? were en
tirely Ignored In the day's *tock market. De
clines of 1 to 2 points were quite areneral and
•St. Paul. Heading, Norfolk and Western. Colo
rado Fuel and Tennessee Coal suffered even
more severely.
The bond market was heavy and sharp de
cline* were goored In some inactive mortgages.
Bouthem Railway. St. Louis rtlvisinn 4s drop
ped 2*i. Total Falea. par value. ?2.f.53.O00.
United States 2s advanced •» ana the 3s, old
4s and 5s »; per cent on the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 40.000 <*% 68% 67 >i
Atrhieon pf<3 1.5C0 S-_'»i 02 91 T»
Bait & Ohio 7,200 S6!i S5 85
Bait & Ohio pfd * 9314
Canadian Pacific... S.W0 125% .123% 123ii
Central of N J 167
Ches & Ohio l,»"0 3*4 3TV4 37 14
Chic & Alton 500 IW-i 20^ 26«£
Chic & Alton pfd.. 000 67H <£% «7
Chic & Gt W .4.600 l!>'i IK*, 1S%
«"hlc t Gt W B pfd 400 36 33>i 35»4
<tilc & Northwest.. »«> 171U 170 JOttU
Chic Term & T .. :«*> IS VI 13
Chic T & Trans pfd. l'JO 23 23 22
C. C. C & St L 65%
Colo South 100 K'i 17Va 17
Colo South 1st i»M 57
Colo South 2d pfd 2GV4
Del & Hudson , 172*;
Del Lack & West. 1.100 257Vi 256 257
Denver & Rio G 28
1) & H G pfd 100 M S2 80
Erie 13,:sO0 -TJ*; X'U :!2%
Erie l*t ptd 3.000 CS'.i G7% «7»«
Krle :u pfd ...... 700 56H 50 56
Great North pfd 170
Hock Valley 200 83 hl»i 81^4
Hock Valley pfd 8S
Illinois Central ... 1.-TO0 153*4 i:;2'i 132%
Iowa Central 100 2S% 2S% 27
Iowa Central pfd. .VtO 46 V> 43
Kan Cliy South... 100 S4"i '.'P.4 22 >i
K City South pfd. '^i0 43 43 42 >£
Loula & Naah 1.300 111 1 * 110 lonvi
.Manhattan L S0O 136% 13U 13U
Met St Ry 1..T0O 122Vi 120^4 121 tf
Minn & St L 80
Missouri Pacific .. 19,400 103"* 1O2J4 102J4
Mo, Kan & Tex 1,400 2*J 21 21
M K t T pfd 500 4'J 4S'$ 4S'i
Nat R P. of Mex 21-
.Vat HR of Mex pfd .... 40
N Y Central 32.»OO 123U 121 >i l'.'is,
Xor & Western .. 2,700 U7Vi fi5>4 00
Nor & West pfd SO
Ont &* Western 4.IS00 25»; 25 25#
Pennsylvania 18.600 125% 124^4 124 Vg
P, C. C & St L 72
Reading 40.250 62^ .10 60
Reading 1st pfd... 300 g.1 82 82
Reading 2d pfd l.«00 70 70 08
Rook Island Co 12.100 34*4 32% 33
Rock Island Co pfd 400 72% 72ft 71%
St L & S F 71
Kt L & S F 1st pfd. 73
St L & S F 2d pfd. 800 01ft «0V4 60%
St L Southwest 16
ftt L Southwest pfd 400 39 :{S% 'Z-%
St Paul *.. 19.200 151% ]4*ft 149%
St Paul pfd 177
Southern Pacific .. "4,400 60 4«% 48%
Southern Ry 2,600 24% 23% 23%
Southern Ry pfd.. ftOO 89 88 . 87%
Texas & Pacific .. 1,900 l".»!i 2S . 28
Tol. St L& W 24%
Tol, St L & W pfd. 200 43% 4.1 43
Union Pacific .... 1,800 82 ¦ S0% 80%
Union Pacific pfd.. 200 89 88 87%
Wabash 700 24 23% 23%
Wabasb pfd 3.600 43% 42% 42
Wheel & L Erie... 100 21 21 20U
Wiscon Central ... 100 20% 20% 20-
Wis Cen pfd 100 41% 41% 41%.
Express Companies —
Adams 221
American 250 190 190 188
United States ,. " J07
Wells-Fargo .... 185
Miscellaneous —
Amalgamated Cop. 16,370 . W- 62% '.52%
Am Car & F 400 37% 37% 37%
Am Car tc F pfd.. 300-80 89% - 89
Amer Linseed Oil 10
Amer Lin Oil pfd ' .... .... 33
American Loco ... 600 221. 22U 22 >
New York Stock Market.
CHICAGO, July 9.— CATTLE— Receiptf".
1500 including 600 Texans; strong to 10c
higher Good to prime steers, $5@6 50; poor
to medium, $3 90@4 90- Btockers and feeders
$2 50® 1 50; cows, $1 f.6®4 25; heifers. $2 25
64 50- canners, $1 50<@2 75; bulls. $2 25@4;
calves' $2 50© 6: Texas fed. steers. $3 60@4 65.
HOGS — Receipts to-day. 20.000; to-morrow.
16 000- left over. 3000: 5c to 10c hieher; close
weak Mixed and butchers $5 45®5 75; good
to choice heavy, *5 60®o 75; rough heavy.
$5 25@5 50; light. *5 05@5 00; bulk of sales.
$5 55® 5 65.
SHEEP— Receipt?, 9000; sheep steady, lamhs
steady Good to choice wethers, $3 75@4; fair
to choice mixed. $3 3 50; Western sheep. $2 50
<g4 1*5; native lambs. $3@6 50.
Eastern Livestock Market.
There were liberal receipts of domestic Poul
try, but as there- was no .Western offering
there, was a better feeling • all around and
everything cleaned up well at steady prices.
Hare and Rabbits i were unchanged, receipts
being light and the demand likewise.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, nominal; Geese.
per pair. $l@l 25; Goslings. $l@l 25; Ducks,
$3 5004 50 per dozen for old and $485 for
young: Hena, $4 6O®5 50; young Rocsters. $Sft
10- old Roosters, $4 50@5 60; Fryers, $4 6O@6;
Broilers *3 60®4 for large and $2 60©3 for
small ;' Pigeons. $1 50®l 75 per dozen for old
and $1 75 for aquabe.
GAME— Rabbits. $1 25@1 50 per dozen;
Hare. 75cG$L
Poultry and Game.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Salmon Shipments in June.
Stockton — Outlook for peach crop very favor
able.
King City — Sugar beets In poor condition.
Santa Maria — Cool weather, foggy mornings;
unchanged crop conditions.
Clov»rdale — First crop apples almost gone;
eeeond crop ripening fast.
Hanford — All crops in fine condition.
Santa Rosa — Crop conditions unchanged.
. . LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— ¦ . July. Sept. Dec.
Opening 6 5% 6 3% 6 3
Closing.. 6 5% ~ B3% 6 3%
PARIS.
Wheat— J Si y U No iV?A C>
Oneninc 25 15 22 60
Bf.:: • 25 00 . 22 35
Opting .......: -'"33 30 30 45
Closing .'..'.* • 33 15 30 35
Foreign Futures.
COAL OILr-Water White Coal Oil In bulk.
14c; Pearl Oil In cases. 20%c; Astral. 2O^c:
Btar, 20%e: Extra 6U' 24%c; Elaine 28V4c:
Eocene, 23%c: deodorized Stove Gasoline, in
bulk 17c: in cases, 23 %c: Benzine, in bulk.
13c; In cases. 19 %c; 86-degree Gasoline, in
bulk 21c; in cases. 27 %c.
TURPENTINE— 70c per gallon in cases and
64c In drums and iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. CO
6%c per lb; White Lead. 6@6%c. according to
quantity.
RICE— China No. 2. *4 3214«t4 37%; No. 1,
$5 7505 90; extra No. 1. tfi 40®6 45; Hawaiian.
$4 !l<v<i5: Japan, $5 3566; Louisiana. $4 .'.057.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.C5c:
Powdered. 5 50c; Candy Granulated. 5.50c: Dry
Granulated fine. 5.40c: Dry Granulated coarse.
5.40c: Fruit Granulated. 5.40c: Beet Granulated
(100-lb bags only), 5.30c; Confectioners" A.
6 40c; Magnolia A. 5c: Extra C. 4.90c; Golden
C 4.80c; "D," 4.70c: barrels. 10c more; half
barrels. 25c more: boxes. 50c more; 5O-lb bags.
10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half-barrels.
6 90c; boxes. 6.15c per lb. No orders taken for
less than 75 barrels or its equivalent.
CANNED FRUITS— The demand Is good and
prices are strong. Stocks in the East are re
ported lighter than usual, and the European
demand this season Is expected to be larger.
The California pack will probably be rather
larger than that cf 1902. Canned Vegetables
are also firm, and an advance in Tomatoes is
rather expected. They are now quoted at 83c.
CANNED SALMON — The market is reported
active, with all grades going steadily into con
sumption.
OIL — Linseed. 51c for boiled and 49c for raw
In barrels; cases. 5c more; Castor Oil in
cases. No. 1. 70c: Bakers' AA. $1 1001 12; Lu
col 46c for boiled and 44c for raw in barrels;
Lard Oil. extra winter strained, barrels 90c;
cases. 95c; China Nut. 57%062c per gallon;
pure Neatsfoot. in barrels. 75c; cases, 80c:
Sperm, pure. 70c; Whale Oil, natural white,
60@55c per gallon: Fish Oil. in barrels 45c;
cases. 60c; Cocoanut OO* In barrels. 68c for
Ceylon and 65c for Ausrnllan.
BAGS — A sale of 50,000 Grain Bags was re
ported yesterday. Grain Bags, 4%Q6'l4c: San
Quentln, 5.55c; Wool Bags. 32<S35c; Fleece
Twine, 7%«T9c; Cotton Fruit Bags, 6%c, 6%c
and 7*>ic for the three grades.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New "Welling
ton, JS: Seattle, *« 60; Bryact, ?9 60: Roslyn,
$7; Coos Bay. $5 50; Greta, $7: Wall-end.
$7 50; Richmond, $7 50; Cumberland, $13 in
bulk 'and $14 25 in sacks:" Welsh -Anthracite
Egg, $13; Welsh Lump. $11 50; Cannel. S3 60
per ton; Coke, $11 r>o-gl3 per ton in bulk and
$15 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions,
$8 45 per 2000 lbs and $8 60 per ton. according
to brand. ' J
General Merchandise.
On the Produce Exchange, to-day the Butter
market was easier; creameries, 15@20c; dairies,
14%@lSc; eggs steady, at-mark, cases included,
13^14%c; cheese., easy, ll@ll%c.
Articles— ¦ 'Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 25.400 27.800
Wheat, bushels ..25,550 7l) r 100
Corn, bushels 177.100 71.000
Oats. busHels-.. 194.000 240.300
Rye. bushels 105.000 ••••"
Barley, bushels ¦ 37.400 4.000
Cash quotations were as follows : ' Flour,'
steady; No. 2 spring wheat. 78®70c; No. a.
75®7Sc; No. 2 red, 78%@"9%c; No. 2 com,51%c;
®52c; No. 2 yellow, 51%@52c; No. 2 oats. 40%c;
No. 2 white. 430440; No. 3 white, 38%@4Uc;
No. 2 rye, 5l%c; good feeding barley, 40fj43c;
fair to choice malting, 47&51; No. 1 flaxseed,
98c; No. 1 Northwestern. $1 02%; prime timothy,
peed. $3 40; mess pork, per bbl, $14 70@14 87%:
lard, per 100 lbs. $7 80®7 85; short ribs sides,
(loose), $S 5O4JS 62; dry salted shoulders
(boxed), $7 87%ig8 00; short clear sides
(boxed), $8 75@S 87%; whisky, basis • of high
wines, $1 30; clover, contract grade, Sll 50@
11 75.
POTATOES— New White, $1©1 25 per ctl
in sacks and $1 25@1 85 in boxes, with eomc
fancy higher: Early Rose. 90c@$l 10; Garnet
Chiles $1 25@1 40; old Eurbanks from Oregon,
$1 50@l 65 per ctl.
ONIONS — Hed, 85@45c per sack; Ellversklns,
55^650 oer ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green Corn, $1#125 per
sack; crates from Alameda, $1 25@1 75; As
paragus. $2 25 per box for extra fancy,
$1 7502 for No. 1 and $1@1 50 fer No. 2:
Green Peas, 3t?5c per lb; String Beans. 3^5c
per lb; Wax. 3if5c; .Tomatoes, 40@75c for small
boxes and $1 50@2 for large boxes from the
river; <_/ates from Los Angeles, S5c@
$1; Summer Squash, 65@85c per box: Cab
bage, 75c® $1 per ctl: Carrots, 60® 75c per sack;
Cucumbers. 5O@60c per box for Maxysville aj\d
$1®1 25 for bay; Garlle, 2V4@3%c per lb; Dried
Peppers, 6c per lb; Green Peppers, $1®1 25 per
box: Green Okra, 15@20c per lb;'. Egg Plant,
5@7c oer lb.
The market for new Potatoes had a firmer
tone under coiftlnued light receipts, and whites
cleaned up quickly at higher rates. Old Bur
banks were easier, the demand being less ur
gent. . . The Oregon steamer brought down 1480
sacks, which were not marketed up to a late
hour. Onions were very dull, and yellow went
at easier prices.
A considerable portion of the receipts Of
Green Corn was of Inferior quality, and prices
ranged lower. Asparagus and Peas continued
to sell on* well at good figures. Tomatoes. Cu
cumbers and Summer Squash were steady, there
being some Inquiry for shipment north on the
Sound (Steamer. Receipts of String Beans
showed better quality than those of the past
few days, and prices were slightly firmer.
Green Okra and Egg Plant were easy.
Onions, Potatoes and Vegetables.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers, 8©9e; Cow t and Heifers,
7®8c; thin Cows, 4®5c per lb.
CALVES — 4®5%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 4c; Ewes, 3%03%e per lb
(gross weight).
LAMBS— Spring, $2 7333 per head.
HOGS— Live Hogs. 140 to 200 lbs, 6%©6%<;:
under 140 lbs. 6%©8c; Sows. 20 per cent off:
Boars, 60 per cent off, and Stags, 40 per cent
off from atove quotations.
DRESSED MEATS.
All descriptions remain as before quoted.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 6%©7%c for Steers and 6%66%c per
lb for Cows.
VEAL— Large. 768c; small. 0QQ%e per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 8©ttc; Ewes. 8@8%o
per Jb.
LAMB— Spring, 10®10%c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 8%®9%c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Meat Market.
'Local securities still quiet and featureless.
New York stock market several points lower.
Silver a fraction higher. Exchange unchanged.
Wheat higher, vnth a good demand.
•Barley continues to move upward slowly.
Oats firm, and in fair request. Rye quiet.
• Corn very scarce and much higlicr.
'Hav end Feedstuff's as previously quoted.
Sc/ds show considerable change. Beans quiet,
j Butter, Cheese and Eggs about as before quoted.
Provisions much lower at Chicago, but unchanged here.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs as previously quoted.
.. Canned Fruits and Vegetables and Salmon in good demand.
' Grain Bags still declining.
'Potatoes in light receipt and firm. Onions weak.
• Poultry steady and cleaning up well. Game in light receipt.
Deciduous Fruits continue in liberal supply.
Central American Bananas very plentiful.
Do 1st pfd 60% |U S Steel 30%
Do 2d pfd 5S% Do pfd 82%
Illinois Cent ....1.17% Wabash 25
Louis & Nash ..114 Do pfd 45
Mo Kan & Tex.. 22%
Bar silver, firm. 24 7-16d per ounce. Money.
I 1 i.'tt - per cent. The rate of discount In the
open market for short bills Is 2'4 per cent,
and for three months" bills 2% per cent.
Do prefd ...... 05 Pennsylvania .... 04%
Balto & Ohio .. SS^IRand Mines .... 10%
Canadian Pac ...12S% Heading 26%
Ches & Ohio .... MK Do 1st pfd 42
Chicago G W ... 1!)% Do 2d pfd :t6
Chi M & St P...1.V! Southern Ry 24%
De Beers -<» Do pfd 91%
Denver & II G .. 'Southern Pacific.. 51
D & R G pfd ... 85' i i Union Pacific ... S3%
Erie :H% i Do pfd i.0%
Consols, money. ~fl2% N Y Central 120
Do acct 92% Norfolk & W «S%
Anaconda .: 4% Nor & W rfd .. 02
Atchison 70Vi Ontario & West.. 2t>%
Amer Loco pfd.... 500 89% 89 88%
Amer S & R*f ... 425 44% 44% 44%
Amer S & Ref pfd. . 410 93 93 91%
Amer Sugar Ref.. 4,200 119% 117% • 118%
Anaconda Mln Co. " 83
Brooklyn Rap T.. 8.695 67% 56% 5«%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 6.&0O 62% 69% 60
Columbus&H Coal.. 600 17% 17% 17%
Consolidated Oaa . 500 191% 191 190%
General Electric .. 700 175 173 174
Inter Paper 43
Inter Paper pfd .. 200 68% 68% 68%
Inter Pump 40%
Inter Pump pfd 85
National Biscuit .. GOO 39% 39% 30
National Lead .... 800 16% 16% 16%
North American '.. 85
Pacific Mall .... 25
People's Gas 720 09 98 08
Pressed Steel Car.. 350 52% 51% 51%
Pressed S C pfd... 190 87 87 86
Pullman Pal Car 208
Republic Steel 1,100 14V4 13% 13%
Republic Steel pfd. 400 74% 74 74
Rubber Goods 310 22% 22% 22%
Rubber Goods pfd 77
Tenn Coal & Iron. 3.400 62% 49% 49%
US Leather 1.500 8% 8% 8%
U S Leather pfd.. 500 85% 84% 84
U S Rubber 13
U S Rubber pfd.... 100 40 49 49
U S Steel 52.810 29% 28% 28%
U S Steel pfd 12.010 81% '78% 80%
Western Union 83
Total sales 465,400 shares.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. July 9.— United Railroads of
Ban Francifco bond transactions: 10.000 at 77%,
2000 at 77%. 3000 at 77%.
NEW YORK CLOSING BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg...lO6% L & N Uni 4s 99
U S ref 2s coup.. 106% Mexican Cent 4s.. 70
U S 3s reg....... 107*4 Mex Cent 1st inc. 22%
U S 3s coup .10«% Minn & St L 4s.. 100%
U S new 4s reg..l35V 4 Mo, Kans & T 4s. 96,
U 6 new 4s coup. 135% Mo. K & T 2ds.. 81
U S old 4n reg 111 NYC gen 8%s.. 96
U S old 4s coup.. Ill N J C gen 6s.... 129
U S 5s reg 103 Nor Pacific 4a... 101%
U S 5s coup 103 Nor Pacific 3s... 72
Atchlson gen 4s.. 100 Xor & W con 4s. 58%
Atchison adj 4*.. 89 Reading gen 4s... 05%
Bait & Ohio 4s.. .100% S 1. & I M con5s.Hl
Bait & Ohio 3%s. 92 S L & S F 4s.... ft«%
B & O conv 4s... 100% S L Bowestn lsts. 92%
Canada So 2ds 106 S L Sowestn 2ds. 77
Cent of Ga 5s 104% S A & A P 4s 75%
Cent Ga 1st inc..l04%|So Pacific 4s 87%
Chea & Ohio 4%s.l03%lso Railway 5s... 113%
Chgo & Alt 3%s. 74%|Tex & Pac lsts..ll«
C B & Q new 4s. 91% Tol. S L & W 4s. 74
C M & S P gen4s.lO5% Union Pacific 43..100Vk
C & NTV' con 7s.. 130% U P conv 4s 95%
C R I & P 4« 101% Wabash lsts 115
CCC & S L gen4s. 97% W'abash 2ds 106
Chgo Term 4s.... 78 Wabash deb B... 70%
Colo & So 4s 88 West Shore 4s... 108
Den & Rio Gr 4e. 08 W & L E 4s 90%
Erie prior lien 4s. 95% Wls Cent 4s 00
Erie general4s.. 83% Con Tobacco .... 60%
F W & D C lsts. 105 C F & 1 86%
Hocking Val 4%s.lO4?i Pennsylvania .... 06%
II S Steel 81% Manhattan 100
Kock Island 79%
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 10 Little Chief 06
Alice 20 Ontario 6 00
Breece 15 Ophlr 150
Brunswick Con 05 Phoenix ' OS
Comstock Tunnel. .07% Potoul 24
Con Cal & Va 1 45'"avage 17
Horn Silver 1 OO'fcierra Nevada 60
Iron Sliver 1 25 1 Small Hopes 25
Leadvlile Con O2IStaraard 2 50
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — Westlrigh Com .. 90
Call loans 3%<04% Mining— _ .
Time loans ..4%@5% Allouez 5%
Bonds — Amalgamated ... 52%
Atchison 4s 0S% Daly West 41
Mex Cent 4s 75 Blngham 25
j Railroads — Calumet & Heels. 4*5
Atchlson 67 Centennial 17%
Do pfd 01 % Copper Range . . 52U
Boston & Albany.250 'Dominion Coal ..103%
Boston & Maine. 16»% i Franklin 9%
Boston L 140 Isle Royale 7%
N Y N H & H...198 Mohawk 42%
Union Pacific ... 80% Old Dominion .. 12%
Mexican Cent ... 21% Osceola 54
Miscellaneous — | Parrot 20
Amer Sugar HR^i iQulncy 05
Do pfd 119%, Santa Fe Copper. 1%
! Amer T & T .. .130% .Tamarack 100
Dominion I & S. 16% .Trlmountaln 85
Gen Electric 172 Trinity 5%
; Mass Elec 25% United States ... 21
| Do pfd .... 83% Utah 2$%
United Fruit ...102% Victoria .......;. 4
U S Steel 28% WInona ...?...-. . 8%
Do pfd 80 Wolverine 65
: LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Lima Beans 'show some change, but the other
descriptions stand as before. The trade say
that the recent failure in the Lima Bean trade
will probably have no effect on the market.
Prices for Seeds show considerable change.
Alfalfa Is cleaned out of the market. Flaxseed
and Millet are lower. Mustard, Timothy and
Broom Corn are hleher.
BEANS— Bayos, $3 CO33 70; Pea, S3 2503 50;
Butters, $3 25; small White, $3 15®3 30; large
White. $2 00(33 15; Pink, $2 85@3 10; Red
$2 00®3; Lima, $3 45@3 60; Red KldneyB, nom
inal: Blackeye, $2 50@3 per ctl; Horse Bean*.
$1 25© 1 35.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, $3<g4; Flax. $1 »0@2; Canary. 5%c for
Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, l*4Q2%c;
Timothy. «@0%c; Hemp. 3V4®3%c per lb: Mil
let. 3@3%c: Broom Corn Seed. $18®2O per ton.
DRIED PEAS — Nominal— none here.
Beans and Seeds.
about l%e under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. 10%c: medium. 9%c; light. 8%c; Cow
Hides. 8%c for heavy and 8%e for light; Stags.
7c; Salted Kip, 8%c; Salted Veal. 9%O10c:
Salted Calf. 10%c; dry Hides, 17c; dry Kip,
14c; dry Calf. 19c; Sheepskins, shearling*. 25©
30c each: short wool, 40065c each; medium.
7O4?9Oc: long wool. *1©1 50 each; Horse Hides,
salt. $2 75 for large and $2 60 for medium, $2
for small and 50c for Colts: Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large and $1 60 for medium. *1®1 23
for small and 60c for Colts. Buck Skins — Dry
Mexican. 32%c; dry salted Mexican, 28c: dry
Central American. 33c. Goat Skins— Prime
Angoras, 75c; large and smooth. 60c; medium,
85c; small, 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 5©5%c per 1b:
No. 2, 4%Q434c; grease 334c.
WOOL — Fall clip— San Joaquln Lambs', 90
lie. Quotations for spring clip are as follows:
Humboldt and Mendoeino. 18©20c; Foothill,
defective, 11013c; Nevada, 12Q15c; San Joa
quln, defective. 9911c per Ib; Southern. 9O
lie: Valley Oregon, fine, 17918o; do. medium.
16@17e; do. coarse, 15@16c; Lambs'. 15c
per pound.
HOPS— 18©20c per lb.
and Oat. $9 50®ll; Oat. $S 50®12: Barley.
$S 50® 10 60; Clover. |«@10; Stock. $7 6008 60;
Alfalfa, $S@10 per ton.
STRAW— 366600 per bale.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 10, 1903.
. 9 Provisions ruled dull and featureless and
with selling for foreign account with little
support the market showed weakness. Septem-'
ber pork closing 45c lower, September lard
off 16@17%c and ribs 12%c lower.
The leading futurea ranged as follows: |
Vic higher at 34%c, after selling between 34%c
and 35c.
Articles — Open. High.' Low. Close. :
Wheat No. 2 — <
July (old) 79 78% .78% 79%.
July (new) 7U 79% 78% 79%
Sept. (old) 77% 78J* ~1Vi 78%
Sept. (new) 77U 7894 T7 77%
Corn No. 2 — ¦
July .." 51 .51%. 51 51M,
September 51 % 62% 51% 51%
December 50% 61% 50% 61%
! Oats No. 2 — » ¦
July 40% 41 40% 40%
September 34* 4 35 34% 34%
December 34% 35& 34% 35%
Mess Pork per bbl —
July 15 17% 15 17% 14 75 . 14 75
September 15 25 15 50 15 00 15 00
Lard, per 100 lbs —
September 7S5 7 85 7S5 7 85
December 7 05 7 85 7 95' 7 95
October '. ~ 1»2% 7 97% 9 77% 9 77%
Short Ribs, per 100 lb* —
July S 62% 8 62% 8 50 8 60
September 8 70 8 75 8 55 8 67%
October .; 8 25 • 8-25 8 25 . 8 26
LOCAL MARKETS.
STOCK MARKET.
There were large receipt* of Bran from the
north yesterday, but prices snowed no change.
Receipts of, Hay were also large,, but previous
quotations were "given. '... • •„' . ¦;. . - ¦
BRAN — $24@25 per ton. -
MIDDLINGS — $2"03Q per ton. > . 1 ;
SHORTS— *24(g25 per ton.. .
. FEEDSJTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $22023 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill, $26®28 60;
Jobbing. $27@27 50; Cocoanut Cake, $20®2i;
Corn Meal. $27 50®28 60; Cracked - Corn.
$28 50@29 BO; . Mixed Feed. $22©23; Hors«
Beans. $.30 ner ton. - ,.---''
KKW .BAT-Wh»t *10ai2 BO:. Wheat
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
11
AUCTION SALES
fca fe Jfel
THE FINAL SALE
¦ -.«, ¦•;¦' —of—
Trotting Horses
From SANTA ROSA STOCK FARM
(Estate of Henry Pierce, deceased).
Will Take Place
WEDNESDAY. July 22. 1903,
Commencing at 10:30 a. m.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
246 Third St.. 8. F.
This sale includes all the mares, colt*, geld-
ings and fillies on the farm. Among them are
many with records, and seven three-year-olds,
that have trotted quarters better than 33 sec-
onds, sons and daughters of Sidney Dillon (sire
of Lou Dillon,2:O4U champion); Direct. 2:06%;
Palo Alto. 2:08*i: InXerna. 2:24H: Altamont.
2:24; Beau B. 2:16%; L. W. Russell. Almonl-
tlon. 2:24^4. etc.. out of famous broodmares—
the finest Individuals as wetl as th» choicest
bred ever led into a sales ring. All are thor-
oughly broken, handsome and gentle. They
represent the result of many yeavrs' study on
the part of Mr. Pierce, and seekera after high
class trotters and pacers, splendid broodmare*
with foals by Sidney Dillon at foot, will get
what they want at this sale. It will be the
last opportunity to get such well-bred horse*
at auction. No reserve or limit; every animal
must be sold. Catalogues issued Tuesday.
July 14.
WM. G. LAYNQ. Livestock Auctioneer.
.£*> fc^ £*
Auction sale 40 head broke and trnbrok*
horses, weight 1000 to 1300 Ib« at THIR-
TEENTH AND HARRISON 8TS.. July 11.
11 a. m., 1903. No reserve. JOHN* J.
DOYLE. Auctioneer ' ¦•¦ -- - %i -- ¦ :THE SAN..; FKANCISCO CALL, FBIDAY, JULY 10, 1903,
12
HELP WAKTEP— MALE— Cob.
A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
620 SACRAMENTO ST.
PHONE MAIN 1191.
SPECIALS— SHIP TO-DAY.
OREGON OREGON.
12 coal miners, fare paid. $1 ton. ¦'•'__•':' .,
FREE FARE — —FEE $1.
S. P. R. R. Co.'s Own work.
600 section and extra gang men, all over the
State, NORTHEAST and SOUTH, on the
. different divisions.
Call and see us; we'll tell you.
WILLITS— FREE FARE— SHIP TO-DAY.
BUTTE COUNTY, CHICO, FEE $1.
25 teamsters. $75; 25 laborers, $C7 50; 25
rockmen, $75: 25 woodchoppers and right-of-
way men, $67 50.
12 rough carpenters. Senator Clark s new
railroad to Riverside; long Job; $S2 60 and
found.
PART FREE FARE.
Full night crew for sawmill: circular saw
filer, boss here, good wages: tally clerk.
small mill.
60 laborers, large mill. Humboldt County,
cheap fare, $35 and found; shingle sawyer.
$65 and found; 2 drag sawyers. $6O and
found; 10 laborers, mill, north, $40 and fd.
TUOLUMNE COUNTY: 10 laborers, large
mill, $1 60 fare, $2 day.
10 track men, board home. $2 day.
MINES, ETC.
250 miners, hand work, some 8-hour shifts,
all over State. $2 to $3 day; 300 laborers,
carmen and muckers, all over, $60 to $75; -
furnace men, $65; 4 surface laborers, good
mine. $32 50 and found.
MISCELLANEOUS — FARMS. ETC.
2 Iron molders, 9 hours, north. $3 50 day.
Man and wife, stock yards; farmer, Merced
Co., $30 fd.; dairyman, Nevada, $40 and fd.;
farmer and wife, north, $70 and found; milk-
er and wife, Colusa County, $50 and found;
farmer, $30 and found; milker, $33 and fd.
COOKS ETC
Night cook and helpe'r, $05" found, north: 2
waiters, sawmill, half fare. $30 and found;
chef cook, also head waiter, new flrst-class
hotel, north; 8 waiters, $25 to $40 and found;
dishwashers, etc. '
GET A LIST OF JOBS.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
-•"¦?¦ 620 Sacramento at.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 per
pair, foot-form shoes at $2 50 or orthopedic
shoes, $3 60; best shoes on earth. 11 Third
St.. Examiner building. 5 doors from Market.
WANTED — For tHe U. S. Marine Corps, able-bod-
ied, unmarried men, between 21 and 33; good
character; must speak, read and write Eng-
lish; marines serve at sea. on men-of-war in
all parts of the world, on land In our Island
pccsetslone, and at naval stations In the
United States. Apply at recruiting office. 40
Ellis St.. San Francisco. Cal.: 222% N. Main
st. Los Angeles. Cal., and 401. K st.. Sacra-
mento. Cal.
WANTED — Laborers, drillers, rockmen and
rough carpenters for ditch and fluzna work.
Apply at office. Placervllle. Cal.. or room 14.
* 26 Montgomery St., San Francisco Construc-
tion Co.
PICK hops in August; enjoyable, healthful and
very profitable outing for men. women and
children. Call or write to E. CLEMENS
HORST CO.. 122 Battery at.. San Francisco.
MEN to learn barber trade; only requires two
months to complete and secure positions;
catalogue and full particulars mailed free.
Moler System Barber College. 635 Clay st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
ruiis Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 26c per night; $1 60 tg $3 per week.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half-
price. 663 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 60c. 663 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms. 35c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
60 HEAD of fresh dairy ,c«ws for sale at $70
per head. Address THOS. A. McCOT. Gcn-
zales. Monterey Co., Cat.
ON account of going to build, entire stock of
wagons, buggies and harness must be sold at
tacriflce. Corner 15th and Valencia sts.
TWO business horses and one camping wagon,
for sale; cheap. | 736 Folsom st.
RARE chance; 7 good horses; must be sold.
327 Sixth st.
FOR salt — &« head milch cows. JOHN oK-
CREST. Stockton. Cal. -
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping- wagon
and jrocart fcr sale ehean. r~12 Mission st.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send for
circular. G.H.UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN * HOWELL. 25 Post St.
LIVFIIY STABLES.
'. OMKINSON'S livery stables. 57-59-61 Minna
St., bet. 1st and 2d — Vehicles of every de-
, ccription fcr hire at most reasonable rates;
cut rates for strangers. Telephone Main 153.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — A passbock with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society cf San Francisco, in the
name of CATHERINE DUFFY, No. 123-416.
The tinder will please return to bank.
LOST — Half-breed Irish terrier; male: collar;
ears and tall net cut: reward. 115 Haight st.
LOST— Wednesday evening, gold heart locket.
516 Sutter st.: reward.
LOST — Cream colored Scotch collie; reward If
returned to KREPLIN'S. 002 Geary st.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220. Sutter st.. needs old
celd and silver to make new watch cases.
MISCELLANEOUS — I 'Oil SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2-hand machinery. McIN*
TOSH k WOLPMAN. 195-107 Fremont st.
ALL our goods delivered on first payment; you
can buy from us diamonds, watches. Jewelry,
sealskins, men's tailor-made clothing, trunks,
suit cases, on a very small weekly payment;
no Interest charged; It will pay you to ex-
amine our goods and prices; established 1S50.
LICHTENSTE1N BROS.. 25 Stockton st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK? ~"
Repair It with Elaterlte; In rolls easy to lay:
needs no painting or coating; good over old
Iron, tin or shingles: b«st for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
SECOND-HAND machinery, boilers, engine*,
pumps, water pipe, bought, sold, rented and
•exchanged. See Sunday's papers. H.S. WHITE
MACHINERY COMPANY. 130- 132 Beale et.
WILL contract 2500 barrels per month for one
year. 14^i gravity oil at 25c f. o b Bakers-
field. C. E. PRICE. COS Grant building. Los
Angeles.
A— FINE suits. $7 60; dress pants. $2 60. Orig-
inal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 23S Kearny st..
. near Bueh: open to 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A— $3 60 DERBY and fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st., near
Pine; open till 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
__etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
CHOICE runts, homers, hen pigeons reason-
able. 2041 Linden St.. Oakland.
MOVING picture film and song slides. 103
Montgomery st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st.
All bargains; camp stools & chairs, hammocks.
'metal beds, mattresses.J.F.Hotter,712 Mission
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Baclgalupi. 033 Mkt.
BOILERS, englnes.pumps. pipe. beltlnsr. shafting,
pulleys.etc. SUOARMAN BROS..649 Howard.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches
all sixes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters- all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg*y.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.r
aHSCELLA.>EOUM WANTS.
WANTED— Old pictures of George Washlnr.
ton, Jefferson. Adams, Napoleon, etc.; high-
est prices paid; send name of engraver and
publisher on picture: by mail only. GEO
L. GOODMAN. 2180 Sutter $t.. San Franclaco.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th St.; tel. Jessie 2S51.
$5000 WORTH cast-ofT clothing wanted; highest
price paid. 322 Grant avo.: tel. Red* .13?t2.
. MEDICAL,.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
- complaints: Instant relief guaranteed- ao
years' experience. 728 Post st.. near Jones.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist tor all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; Instant re-
llcf guaranteed. lOOS'^ Market St.. opp. 3th.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
In trouble consult thus specialist on femala
complaints; positively corrected; the unfor-
tunate helped; the most difficult cases treat-
, ea; advice free. Office. 1018 Market st
DR. ROSEN. 2905 Folsom. cor. 26th Ladles*
exclusive office and horn* where relief Is sb-
talned In all cases taken; consultation fre«.
Drs. Goodwin 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness— Expert
In obstetrics, female comp.: 23 yrs exper'nee
tfMMTIMi^'— MMWlTtlMt— W^TilAsTTlTln 1^ iim ¦ 1 ¦¦* 1 ****** * w^L i ~ 1
EAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Franclseo
Call, corner Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery street,
corcer Clay; open until 0:30 p. m.
S00 Hayes etreet; open until 9:50 p. m.
C39 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
CIS Larkln street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Miesicn street; open until 10 p. m.
r2Cl Market etreet, corner Sixteenth; opea
ur.t!l 9 p. m.
JOG Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m.
1036 Valencia etreet; open until 9 p. nx.
NortbwoBt ccmer of Twenty-second and^ Ken-
tucky streets ; open until 9 p. m.
22C0 Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFCH.N1A Comnanaery, No. 1, K. -.Itm
T— Bccular csserr.bly THIS EVEN- «T
ING at ~:'M o'clock. Order of Temple, fej
A!l fraters courteously invited.
THOS. II. BROWN C. Commander.
T. L. IIUNDERSON. Recorder.
i'ACmC Lodge No. 1S6, K. and A. M.. »
Maeor.ie Temple, meets THIS EVEN- >t\r
ING, 7 o'clock. 1 D. /V\
GEOHGE PENLINGTON. Sec.
APOLLO Lodee No. 123. I. O. '.rM-* i"
O. F.— Installation TKI^ <t*RI-- : >>8^E%k5&
DAY) NIGHT. Memorial Hal!, "^*-^«^
.Si o'clock sharp. "^-itfliJrS**
H. B. PACKSCKER. N. «J.
W. F. NORCROtJS. Rec. Sec.
PAN FR^NCIFCO Tert Nr >^?.^K
18. K. O. T. M.— Review /2£f~-"'-**a
THIS (FRIDAY) EVEN- £f£3 <5:t>2|
IXC. at 8 o'clock. Pioneer E*ijl .-WvHiJ
' 5. E° RICH A F.DS.
Record Keeper. N^gjjgJK
-M1TICK TO STOCKHOLDERS oT THE
i.ANK OF CALIFORNIA— NOTICE IS
HEREBY GIVEN that a special meeting of
the stockholders of the Bank of California,
hereby called by the President thereof, will
be htld at No. 400 California street, the
banScinc-houve of eald bank. In the City and
Ccunty of San Francisco. State of Califor-
nia, on WEDNESDAY, the 15th day of July.
1903, at the hour of half-past three o'clock
In the afternoon of Eaid day, for the pur-
pose cf considering and deciding what dis-
petition ehall be made of tbe new or In-
creased capita! stock of said bank that may
If authorized by said stockholders on said
cay, and of providing how, to whom, when
and at what price and under what conditions
fa id new or Increased capital stock may be
cold, and for the purpose of authorizing and
diapcting the Board of Directors of said
bank what to do In the premises.
WILLIAM ALVORD. .
•s F resident of tbe Back of California.
• Dated July 1. 1903.
NOTICE of meeting. — The regular quarterly
meeting of the directors of The Bank of Call-
fcrnia will be held at the banking- hcuse. 400
California etreet. San Francisco. <vn TUES-
DAY. July 14. 19C3. at 3 o'clock p. m. The
transfer books for the transfer of stock will
clo6e on Tuesday. July 7. 1908, at 3 o'clock
' r ¦ tn.. and will reopen on Wednesday, July
16, at 9 o'clock a. re. By order of the board.
ALLEN M. CLAY. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived application to mine by hydraulic pro-
cess from W. S. K«tt. In Old Stiff Gravel
Mine, near Vallecita. Calaveras County.
Cal.. draining Into Wade* Gulch Creek,
which reaches Stanislaus River, gives notice
- that a meeting will be- held at room 96,
Flood Building. Ean Franclaco, Cal., July
20. 1903. at 1:30 p. m.
THE annual meeting of the San Francisco So-
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to Ani-
mals will be held In the Parrott building on
Monday. July 20. 1903. at 4 o'clock p. m.,
when a board of trurtees will be elected.
C. B. HOLEEOOK. Secretary.
AGEXTS WAXTED.
THE only authorized life of Pope Leo XIII.
written with the encouragement, approbation
ani blessing cf his holiness, by Mpr. Bernard
Orellly. D. D.. L. L. D.. who for eight years
IHed in the Vatican as domestic prelate to
the Pope: this distinguished American au-
thor was cummoned to Rome and appointed
by the Pope as his official biographer: ap-
proved and recognized by Cardinal Gibbons
and all church authorities as the only official
Wcgraphy of the Pope; over S00 pages, mag-
nificently Illustrated; unparalleled opportuni-
ty for agents: best commission; elegant outfit
free. S*-nd 15 cents for postage to the JOHN
C WINSTON CO.. S2S Dearborn St.. Chicago.
AGEXTS-We have an article that every
woman wants and will buy if h»r attention
if. called to it.
We want women of sense, energy an<5 pu?h
for that purpose; every Bale means a perma-
nent customer. Do you want money? Are
you energetic? If eh. call bet. 10 a. m. and
4 rv m.. room "15. Phelan building.
ASTROLOGY".
Astrology taurM. horof=<-ope* cast. Prof Ray-
TTiond bork?trre.«V«a Ellis. By mall if dwtred.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ROBT. XV. KING, atty-at-la*-. Examiner bid.,
rm. €11; all cases, damages, estates, wills,
attachments, collections, etc. ; consultation
fre*>; no advance charges; call or write; even-
rr.gs by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
ADVICE free— I will advance cost in meritori-
ous cases, divorces, probate and all other law
cases; no f*-cs in advance; op*n fvery even-
i::g. J. M. THURSTON. S19 Market st.. r. 31.
ADVICE fre*>; divorces a specialty :quick.qul2t:
no charpe without FUCceFs: established 15 vrs
G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market gt.. opp. Ha lV s.
AITKEN & AITKEN. atttorneys rs. ;»9-10-ll
1 Oucle bljg.. 5o.'{ California st. ; tel. Main 727.
WICK MATTHEWS, attorney at law 632 Mar.
fcet St.. room 23; legal advice; bank refs.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful- all
caset; open evgs. W. W.Davidson. 927 Market.
L. E. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 llar-
k«-t gt.; consultation free; no fees in ad van ce.
m^SINE^SjCHA.>CEsT
\VARNING~~~~ - -~ ,
Investing Public.
We announce the completion of our
Wonderful Ditching and Dredging Machine
which will do the work of hundreds of men
and horses,
On or about July 20th.
Upon its completion no stock will be offered
Tor less than fl per share. Until then a few
thareis remain to be sold at 50c. for cash or in-
etal.ments. Persons desiring to eee this
Marvel of mechanical Ingenuity
«- c^ n^ 3 ° fcO by raIIln e at the offices of the
NATIONAL DITCHING & DREDGING CO
<>Cl-C02-«03 Examiner Building!
f3^3? ES . TAURANT on Geary; clears $1CO mo"
f^nO-ReFtaurant on Wh; clears $250 month.'
V-£y~J*t ]con on 4tn; clearB *"*» month.
f'.?*"^ 0 / 30 on Harrison; clears $100 month.
i ft " Te ° n °: Farr *H clears $100 mo.
*4f/>— Candy store on Market; clears $50 mo
W."5.»0 — Candy store: Markf-t; clears $175 mo
S200— Cicar etore; O'Farrell; clears $1CO m<>
EDWARDS. i::i Montgomery, rooms II-12I
?l-5— IIKLIABLE man for permanent place-
!>ajs $75 per month; experience not required-
rhort hours; light work. 1010 Market, r. jo!
SALOON business for sale very cheap if
taken before 15th last. Apply to owner 45
Van Ness ave.
$15o — CIGAR Ftore; transfer corner- rood
trade; going Ejst. Box 25C2. Call office.
$SCO — FALOON near ferry; doing coed cash
trade. Box 25.;5. Call office.
FOR rale — Grocery end bar. Apply 1 Bruce
place, off Folsom. bet. Seventh and Eighth.
DAIIIY with everything complete. Including 21
ycung rows and 3 horses, wagons and all the
business for sale. Address or send orders
by ir.all to GUCHGE PANAIOTIS, San L«-
anflro. Cal.
$4000 — OOCD raying grocery and general mer.
char.d'ae buMmss in Oakland. Addrccs box
SSi»2. Call ofiice. Oakland.
$1000 — FOR rale or exchange for city real es-
¦ tate. old lumber, coal feed business; long
lease. Proprietor. 2813 Misclcn st.
CANDY store tor ezU chtap; $100^ 1CJ1 Mar-
Vst et., near Se\tiith.
A SALOON for tale. 1535 Castro st.
HAIP-URHSSING parlors: cheap; value in lirht-
good location; retiring. 1153 Mkt.. bet.7th-Sth.'
FOR sale — Lars* restaurant; wl-olesale dis-
trict; good profit: lrase. Box C.VW, C«it.
EAKERY and delicacy etore for sale: must be
told; owner going nway. 713 McAllister st.
AN >»ctria» rmit* for yale. Apply Call office.
LODGINCi-IIOL'SUS r'OR SALI3.
100 ROOMS; house for men; rent (14O....$4U)O
rs rooms; ecutb cf Market;. rent $109.. £CGO
24 roome; corner; part cash; bal. easy. h.-,u
11 room*: rood Income; rent $20 350
?1 room*; "XKter Trent; rent $49: lease..- <£u
120 roota*: eoti Ir^ne: lew rent 6500
£7 rrr.c; apartments: Western Add; rent. -50
Money loaned at 1 per cent. \^
Hotels, rondhouses. fiats. S to 100 rooms.
EITCL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny rt.
$3000— 28 RMS.: O'Far-ell: lease; income $260.
£2000— 15 rros.-elegant; O'Farrell clears $lu0.
fJCOO— 16 rooms: O'FaiTell St.: clears $75.
£f:W— fl rooms; Le^vV-n worth st. ; clears ?io.
EDWARDS. 131 Mont«vmcry B t. t nns, 11-12.
ilAUION GK1KFIN. rm. 406 Examlntr bid..—
Hotels, arartm^nt houses, flats and
ROOMING HOUSES.
8 ROOM*: prire $175: r-nt $40; $50 each; Fri %
Amy only. SS7 O'yarrell gt. ¦
6VNNY. well furn. cor. fiat. 14 ran; rent $37;
price f&a SO* Seonnd.gt., upetairs
SPIRITUALISM. _^
ETHEL CRINDLE. materializing seance Fri-
day eve.. 60c. 1115 Post St.; 8 o dock.
MRS. HARLAND'S prophecies come ue :,J*-
dles* readings. 50c. 14S 6th; dr.. evi*'.. 10c
MRS. ALICE TOBIAS. 1228 Market jft--^«*f"
Tuesdays and Frldays.8 p. m.; readings dally.
KATIE HEUeSMANN, test circle Friday even-
ing. 25c; sittings dally. 1000 Harrison st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
X^ CALL AT~ONCE AND SAVE $2.
My Regular $3 Reading This V>eek For
fl. $1. $1. $1. $1- $!• *!- «•
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE.
The First Iieglstered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever in San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee, to
make you no charge if I fall to tell your name,
occupation and what you called for; I promise
to tell you whether husband, wife or sweet-
heart is true or false: tell whom and when you
will marry: in fact. I will tell you every hope,
fear or ambition better than you can tell your-
self. He restores lost affections, . reunites the
separated, causes speedy and happy marriages,
makes vou successful and prosperous, cures
disease and lost vitality without medicine, lo-
cates hidden treasures: hours 10 a. m. to 3 p.
m.: Sundays 2 to S. 323 O'Farrell St.. 320.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAM0U3
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St.. next Exam-
iner bldg.; she reads your life correctly,
gives an accurate description of the past, re-
voalR the present happenings and portrays
events to occur In the future: If you are In
trouble, discontented or not satisfied in Ut«.
or have domestic, love or business troubles,
consult this great medium and you will be
told how to overcome thorn; valuable advice
' in all affairs of life; 25c uo; satisfaction
guaranteed: readings by mall. Tel Black 1509-
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
St.. cor. Turk; private readings dally. 10 a.
m. to S p. m.; readings by mall as satisfac-
tory as In person: 3 questions answered, $1;
full life, $5; send lock of hair, date and year
of birth; don't send currency. Send postofflce,
WelU-Fargo money order or registered letter.
MRS. A. H. KRONENBERG. palmist, clair-
voyant. card reader; readings. 25c; will give
full planet reading and answer 3 questions
by mall. $1: when others fall try me; send
dat» of birth and lock of hair. 402 Frank-
lin st.. near Grove; send P. O. money order.
A— MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
end sight: tel" the past, present and future;
Isdies. tOc: gents. $1: by cards palmistry
ar<5 clairvoyant sitting. $1 60. 126 Turk st
X Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given; 25c up. 3 4th gt.. near Market.
Mrs Basham. clairvoyant: come prepared with
questions. 7BSV. Ness. cor. Eddy: tel.Sutter 3131
A wonder: have you seen her? LELA, palmist
and clairvoyant. 277 14th st.. near Minion.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
26H Kearny. room 20; ladles 25c; gents 60c.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant card reader: slt-
tlngs dally. 44S>4 Jessie st., bet. 3th and 6th.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year
CARPET-PEATI^I AND CLE ; AX * X °-
AIR. compressed, dry. ice coM, is now univer-
sally used in sanitarily cleaning carpets, on
floor, without removal cr injury: prices mod-f
erate. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call big.: phone Main 6237.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
• send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 555-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J. McQueen,
proprietor. 329 Guerrero St.: tel. Mission 43.
TRY HOPKE BROS.' excellent carpet cleaning;
phone Bush 421. 411-413 Powell st.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carp«t-beatlng works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. : tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
CHIROPODISTS.
I DCNLAP FOOT INSTITUTE. 60 G«ary— All
I ailments of the feet cured: corns, bunlons.etc.
COLLECTION OFFICES^r^^
ADVICE free; bad tenants ejected speedily. CO-
LUMBIAN LAW AGCY.. r. W. 916 Market;
tel. Red tilS; collections; gen'l law business.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city cr country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 416 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. 5530.
DENTISTS.
DR~LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market,nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting. 60c; gas given.
UEi DR. A C. W. RICHARDS, dentist, has re-
moved frcm 47 Post st. to Mutual Bank bidg.,
room <314. corner Geary and Keamy sts.
A NEW plate— The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.: crown. $3 50; fillings. 60c;
plates. $5; full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth at.
P\RIS Dental Parlors. 2-"*5 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Set teeth. $1 50 up; crown?.$2 up; filllngs,25c.
GOLD fllllnRF 75c. silver X5c. crowns $2; no
pain: open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.204 Sutter..
10 PER CENT oS this month: estimates free,
New York Pentlst*. 9R9 Mission gt.. cor. 6th.
DRESSMAKERS A SEASISTKESSK^
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
— Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market.
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
~~ EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD S SCHOOL OF ELECTRICAL ENGI-
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day. night. 24 Post; catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUSINESS COLLEGE,
conducted by experts; best combined short-
hand and commercial course to be had; in-
dorsed by official court reporters. 1382 Mkt.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES. 24 Post St., S.
F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
AYRES. th» leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket St.; special summer course in all depart-
ments; handsome catalogue free; life scholat-
ehlp, $50; day and evening eesslons.
THE Kerlitz School of Languages has removed
to l(*0 Van Ness ave.; rates reduced during
summer. Send for catalogue.
DANCING Tuosday. Thursday. Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonla Hall, Howard
St., near Ninth; management Prof. Fostei.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. mln.. mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 18S4. Van
der Naillcn School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A SUMMER school of shorthand and bookkeep-
ing; enroll now and be ready for position in
fall. S. F. J5uFine*s College. 12S6 Market at.
LESSONS given in Water Color or Oil Paint-
ing from Nature. CURRIER, .'572 Sutter Et.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar.wrltlnff,
etc.. day or eve; fj mo. 1024 Mission, nr.Cth.
Chicago Business College. 14:15 Market, nr. lOlh.
Pittman shorthand, typing, bookkpg. $3 mo.
HK ALP'S Business College. 24 Post Et.. S. F. :
founder] l£a; : new SO-paRq catalrnrue free.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES. >
GICOUGE AOKI. 421 Post et?r^ri5usn~135^
Japanese-Chinese employment office: fur-
nishes bsst help; contracts for farm help, etc.
A— CRPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese",
help. 420 Powell. Tel. Main 5752.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp Office. 415
P took ton: tel. Grant 108; expert, reliable help.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all hinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S8.
CHINESE and Japanese help.; estab 20 yearn
Tel. Main 11H17. BRADLEY & CO.. C40 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
SWEDISH woman wants situation in restaur-
ant or private family to do cooking or gen-
eral housework." 118 'Day st... between
Twenty-ninth and Thirtieth.
YOUNG lady bookkeeper. 6 years' experience,
wishes to secure good position; flrst-class ref-
riences. Box 2533. Call office.
GERMAN girl wishes work by the day or week
to help cut In family cooking or housework;
$1 75 per day or 59 a week. Box 2559, CalL
YOUNG woman wants to work by the day,
washing or Ironing; $1 35 a day. 'Box 1188,
Call of rice.
YOUNG lady would like pcsltlon as compan-
ion for elderly lady; references. Address box
2K>9. Call office. -
YOUNG lady wishes petition in office; can give
good reference. 1722 Market St.. Transfer
Office; phone South 030.
A COLORED lady wishes day's work. Ad-
dress 247 Stevenson st; good reference.
FIRST-CLASS German cook wants situation.
723 California st.
GERMAN cook wishes situation in private
house; first class. Address 26 Turk st.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister at.
CLASSIFIED Advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FlUmere.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia ct. '--',"'¦
HELP WASTED-. 3IALE—^on.
MURRAY & READY,
C34 and 036 Clay st
PHONE MAIN 5S4S. PHONE MAIN B844.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
THIS IS WHAT
MADE US FAMOUS,
WE KNOW NO DISTINCTION BETWEEN
MAN AND MAN.
YOU ARE ALL EQUAL.
YOU ARE ALL WELCOME.
1902 We Gave 1903 We'll Give
45,000 Men Work. 60.000 Men Work.
WE SHIP YOU ¦' FREE TO ONE.
FREE TO-DAY. FREE TO ALL.
Ogden. Utah. All Parts Nevada,
Los Angeles County, Santa Barbara,
Chatsworth Park, Hawaiian Islands,
Santa Susana, Oregon,
San Fernando, Washington?
Los Angeles County, Central America,
Arizona. Wllllts, Uklah,
AND ALL POINTS NORTH. EAST. SOUTH.
INCLUDING OGDEN. UTAH.
Carpenters and helpers, pile drivers, fence
builders, drillers, single, double and machine
men, corner and bench hands, muckers,
chuck tenders, car dumpers, teamsters, la-
borers, track men, cooks, waiters, engineers,
blacksmiths, etc., $5, $4, $3 50, $3, $2 50 and
$2 a day.
FREE FARE FREE FARE, FREE FARE.
Everybody Talking. Thousands Going.
ARE YOU? ARE YOU? ARE YOU?
MURRAY & READY.
634 and 636 Clay at.
BIG ICE PLANT NORTH.
25 laborers, no experience wanted. $85 month.
5 YOUNG MEN. SPECIAL JOB. $75.
TO OREGON— FARE PAID.
25 laborers, mills, yards and wcvd3. $35 to
$90 and found.
TO BUTTE— MANAGER HERE.
06 laborers and 4-horse teamsters, $67 50
and $75.
OS drillers and rockmen, $75. -
OREGON — FREE FARE.
26 coal miners, $3 to $5 day.
TO LOS ANGELES— R. R. FARE PAID.
35 rough carpenters, manager here, $105.
FREE FARE FOR SOUTHERN PACIFIC
RAILROAD.
165 laborers, etc., different divisions, includ-
ing Santa Barbara. San Luis Obispo, Milton,
Farmlngton, Gilroy. Los Gatos. \
TO OREGON.
* 26 laborers for a good mine, you'll suit,, $75.
GOLD AND SILVER.
COPPER AND COAL.
90 miners. i--insle and double hand, some 8
hours, $S5, $90.
lfi tlmbennen, different Jobs, $90.
1*S5 muckers, different Jobs, $75.
304 laborers no experience requirc-d, $60.
TO QUARRIES AND TUNNELS.
265 drillers and hammersmen, $75. $S5.
364 laborers, no experience required, $60,
$67 50.
LABORERS AND TEAMSTERS.
655 laborers for all classes of work, includ-
ing factories, excavating, buildings, mills,
etc., $2 50 and $2 day. located In San Fran-
cisco and all parts of California.
TO HAY AND HARVEST FIELDS.
1C4 hay and harvest hands. $1 50. $1 75. $2
and $2 50 a day. - , i
TO ORCHARDS AND VINEYARDS.
-•''."! general hands, 15 fruit pickers, $30 and
$35 and found.
TO DAIRIES AND HAY BALERS. •
96 milkers, butter and cheese makers, $30,
$10 and $50 and found.
IB hay balers. 2Cc to 2f>c ton.
STABLES AND PRIVATE RESIDENCES.
10 stablemen, city and country Jobs, $75, $70
and $60.
26 choremen, coachmen and gardeners, $10,
$25, $o0 and $25 and found.
MEN AND WIVES.
10 farmers and wives, different Jobs, $70,
$G0. $50 and found.
4 cooks and wives, hotels, mines, sawmills,
etc.. $S5. $H0, $5«» and found.
5G4 WOODCHOPPERS, TIEMAKERS.
Post, picket and shakes, also shingle bolt-
makers. *;¦.'
.MECHANICAL HELP.
84 blacksmiths ami helpers, city and coun-
try. $¦! 50. $:;, J2 50. $2 day.
!• wagon nnd carriage makers, $3 50. 5.1 day.
12 carpenters, city and country Jobs, $4.
S3 50, %?, day»
ft' machinists for wineries and sawmills, free
fare. $50 and found.
Printers; tinner, factory. $3 day; 15 coopers,
lie; 5 carriage painters, $90; C brick mold-
crs, $3 50 day; plasterers. $5 50; structural
iron workers.
12 bench hands and paperers, fare $1 $2 25
to $;r 50 day.
MURRAY & READY. C34-636 Clay st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT ETC
57 cooks, all over California! ?90 $S0. $75.
$60. $50. $40. $.",5 and found, for hotels,
mines, sawmills, camps, ranches, cafes, res-
taurants, saloons, harvost outfits, etc *
IS waiters. $;!.".. $40, $. - !0 and found. "
SO pet and dish washer?. $35. $3<». $20 fd.
18 bell rnd elevator boys, porters, bed-
makers. $30 to $15 and found.
12 laundrymen. all classes. $1S week up
fi bakers, and helpers, $55. $40, $30 found
2 ward men. State Institution. $T.O found.
12 boys learn trades
MURRAY & READY, G34-636 Clay st.
YOUR FARE PAID "
TO 59 SAWMILLS
WOODS. YARDS. ETC.
VV ; - .•«' YOUR FARE PAID.
Locited In 4 States and 2 Territories.
SCO laborers without any experience, $35 to
?70 and found.
07 men for planing mills.
10 fulL day crews for woods and mills.
9 night crews for woods and mills
12« men nnd boys for box factories 'etc
Wbros $1.-0. $100. $90. $80. $70 $60 $50 $40
and found.
Everything from a swamper to an engineer.
MURRAY & READY.
0.14 and (SO Clay st. .
MIDNIGHT ORDERS. \
Cook and wife, sawmill. Oregon,' fare paid,
boss iiere.
Shop butcher, boss here, 2."c fare. $40 fd.
Second cook, mine. $40 and found.
Tallyman, lumber company, boss here. $40
nnd found.
Cook, few people, country. State hospital.
$25 and found. /
Budder. nursery stock. $40 and found: plas-
terers. $5 50 day.
MURRAY & READY. 634-630 Clay st.
STENOGRAPHER and assistant bookkeeper;
\ apply in own handwriting, stating age, expe-
rience, reference and salary expected ;¦ good
situation for experienced man. Address G. B..
box 2597. Call office.
A YOUNG man. reliable, enersstic, experi-
enced bookkecuer, to take a position near
Folsom. Cal.; applicants must furnish flrst-
class recommendations; good chance for right
man.- Box 1019, Call office.
WANTED — Young man who is a good corre-
Fliondent: iirefer one familiar with mall or-
der work; tstato ace, experience and salary
expected. Apply box 2568, Call office.
YOUNG man under 20 to learn barber's trade:
one with pome experience preferred. 709
Geary St.. corner Hyde.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express or
mall charges. 11 Third St.. Examiner bldg.
TWO Al boiler-makers, out of town work;
standard wares; state last place of employ-
ment. Box 25S9. Call office.
BOY to l^arn trade; wages from start. C\R-
" SON GLOVE CO.. 123 Second st.
COATMAKERS wanted. HARSHALL'S 12
Kearny st. /
BOY tc begin at bottom in wholesale store. Ad-
dress box 2506, Call office.
A GOOD Ehoemaker-wanted on repairing: steady^
work. . 2S01 Mission st: /. . »
lst-class barber shop for sale: 3 chairs. 2 bath-
rooma.laundry office. Ad. E.M..Vacavllle. Ca i.
$225 — THREE chair barber shop; four Uving-
¦ rooms; owner retiring.. 229 Hayes st.
WANTED — Barber with about 1 year's experi-
ence. 311 --B St.. San Rafael, Cal.
BAILORS and ordinary «eum«n for ISurqpa and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 28 Steuart.it.
60O MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes,
: 60c up; soling cheap. 823 Howard at., nr. 3th.
WANTED — Men to learn barber trade; cata-
logue. . S. F. Barber College. .741 A Howard.
PENSION atty E. ; A. Bullls, room 40. Phelan
; bldg.. Past Com. Gco.H. Thomas Post.G.A.R.
MEP1CAL-— Contlnned.
MRS. rXALLEN. HIS Market— Reliable ladle*'
specialist; a private home before and durinj
confinement: best medical Care; low fees.
DR and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBsT
original method of treatment. 1126 Market at.
DR. NG TOY KEfi". 319 Powell st.. opposite
Union square: all diseases cured by herb^.
MONEY TO LOAN.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY. "" ~~
-601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements: no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests assignments of rents, property in trust.
*tc.i legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
MUNiaPAL^LOAN^CK. ave..
HIGHLY respectable private place to- obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates Baldwin Jewelry Store. 843
Market St.. tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; largest business la
46 principal cities. Tolman. 653 Parrott bldg.
A— 1 per cent on funlture or piano: no removal;
no commission: no publicity: $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 28 Montgomery st-.rm. ¦.
AT cut rates on real estate, furniture or piano:
no commission. K. W. LICK. 1003 Mutual
Say. Bk. bid.. 708 Market: phone Main Sid.
8. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
people on their note.
The TOUSLET CO 143 rhelan bids-
MONEY to loan on low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. IIESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth St.
! GOOD names; 1% on furniture, 2d mortgage;
any security. 302 Montgomery st.. rm. 16.
S% ON furniture A pianos; $15 up; no removal:
V. TREMAIN. room 81. g Eddy st.. floor *¦
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loon Bank. 53S Kearny.
' STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money O
salaried employes. R. 311 Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indorser. MORRELL. «09 F/xamlner bldg.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A FEW snaps selected from 200; all reduced on
account of summer season for June. July:
3 Chlckerlng $&*. W7. $}»»
2 Emerson -W*. {»»»
2 Heine $233. $.1*5
2 Stelnway. small 4 Urge uprtght^lSS.^ $0S5
New pianos from HoJ up
25 Squares from • •*•> »2
Piano Players, $90 up: rents reduced to $3
ud apply on purchase; installments, one-
tenth down, two years to pay balance.
HEINE PLANO Ca. 233-237 Geary St.; tel.
Main 5744. ?
STEINWAY upright, left by private party. •
$165; great bargain. 237 Geary st.
BUY your piano now and begin payment when
you return from your vacation. By this
means you secure the benefit of our reduced
prices. Large stock, desirable f™** v •?*
easy payment. THE ZENO MALVAia
MUSIC CO.. 768 Market st.
A FEW good upright pianos from $S3 up. in-
cluding Sterling. Marshall & Wendell. Haines,
German. Everett. Sherwood & Jacobson ani
others; easy payments. BENJ. CURTAZ A
SON. 16-20 O'Farrell. No branches In S. F.
BAND lnstrum«nts; F. Besson. Paris, maker;
Gus Maiwald. Agt. Pae. Coast. 273 O'Farrell:
skillful repairing; 2d-hand Instruments soil.
MAGNIFICENT Knabe. 3-Dedal upright p!an»
at great loss; leaving city. 820 Q-Farrall st.
BEST renting piano In city for $3 per month.
6COTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 660 Hayes at.
BARGAIN; good upright; must be sold at
once. SCHMITZ A CO.. 16 McAllister st.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecillan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 20S-313 Post »t.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 031 Market St.—
Kf-ck.Everett. Lutlwig and other good pianos.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
STORE with basement, below Kearny St.. $10.
Owner. 636 Clay st.
~ l'EKSONALS.
A— FACIAL BLEMISHES REMOVED.
Wrinkles, yellow and flabby skin.birthmarks.
smallpox pittlngs and scars scientifically re-
moved without cutting, massage, electricity or
medicine: special demonstrations this week.
Call or write PR- L. W1LLIAMS.371 G<?ary.
MOKPHINE. opium nnd laudanum habits cur^vt
at home-by a painless home treatment; In-
dorsed and used by leading physicians: corre-
spondence strictly confidential; In plain, scaled
envelope; cail or write to-day. India Drug
Cure. 201 Turk gt. ; Bruce D. Klmmla. Mgr.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves its growth: stops falling.cures dandruff
and ItchLnc scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers' ; ac-
cept no substitute. StarRemedyCo..3.S3 Geary.
NOT how cheap, but how good, is the motto of
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard, the sewing-machine o£ to-day. •».
W. EVANS, agent. 1021 Market at.
PHYSICIAN, 15 years' experience, cures perr-
manently morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
address ' Central Pharmacy, 251 Grant ave..
corn»r Sutter st. ; fee moderate.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday and
Svp-lay evenlnss at Teutonla Hall. Howard
St.. near Ninth: management Prof Foster.
ELEGANT suits on easy Installments*. 50 cent*
and up per week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mar-
ket St.. between Seventh and Eighth.
VAT less than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoats
< and trousers, at CHARLES LYONS'. Londoa
Tailor. 721 Market at.
SUITS to order on installments. $1 car week.
Neuhaus & Co.. merch.tai!ors.727-72D Mark-t.
ALL styles halrdresslr.st. 25c; hair goods: rr.-inl-
curing 25c. Q. LEDERER. 123 Stockton at.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50: dress pants S2 3l>."
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric needle. Dr.iMra.Traverse.ll'OMark'U
MASQUERADE costumes, play books. wl?s.
country orders. GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 733 Mkt-
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1: at all druggists.
Superfluous hair & moles removed with elec-
trJ~ neertle. Mrs. & Miss Eaton. 1113 Suiter.
VARICOSE veins and catarrh cura-l at him*.
Call or write for testimonials. DR. WILL-
IAMS CO.. 140 Gearv St.. S. F.
PAL.'IISTaY.
MADAM DEVAS. scientific palmist and astrol-
cgtst; offices 85O Market st. ; $1 palm irad-
lnj-s a sperialty: booklet gratia. T. STAR
CHAMBERLIN. Manager.
PAl'ERHAXGIXO. PAINTING. ETC.
ROOMS papered. $3 5O up; tlntir.g. painting.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 3d st.: tel. Main 413
I'UYSICIAXS AND SLRGEOX9.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
lC21Vi Market it-, bet. Sixth and Seventh.
REMOVED — DR. WONG HIM. hert> doctor;
treats all dl&eues of the human body: for
pact four years at 113-117 Mason: now lo-
cated at 607 Geary St.. near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHT. successor to Dr. U P»
Tal. herb doctor; cures all diseases of hucua
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
BLOOD, skin ami rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1C73^ Market St.. .
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dis-
ease* cur»d by Chln<»** herbw. 74«-« Clnv «t.
DIVIUEXO NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Phoenix Savings.
Building and Loan Association, No. 5U» Call-
fornta St., San Francisco, Cal., has declared
semi-annual dividends to June 30, 1D03. pay-
able July 2t>. l'JiR. at the following rates, to
wit: On installment certificates, 9 per cent
per annum; time deposits. K per cent per an-
num; savings accounts (withdrawable at any
•time). 4\s per cent per annum. . A. A. Wat-
ktns, president; C. R. Bishop, vice president;
S. Prentlss Smith, treasurer: C. Grana;,
managing director. . ¦
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Nevada National
Bank of San Francljco— At a regular meet-
Ing of the board of directors of this bank,
held July 7. 1003. a dividend was declared tor
the half year ending June so. 19os. at th»
rate of 7 per cent per annum, payabls on
and after the 15th inst. Transfer books will
be closed from the 10th. to the 13th mat.,
both days Inclusive. SaiT Francisco. July 7
11)03. GEORGE GRANT. Secretary!
DIVIDEND Notice— The Giant Powder Com-
pany. Con. A dividend. n o . 65. of Fifty
cents «50c> per share on the Issued capital
stock of the Company has been declared pay-
able at the office of the Company, rooms S0i
204. 2C6 Hayward Bldg.. San Francisco, on
July 10th. 1903. Transfer books elosa July
3rd, at noon. C. C QI7INN. Secretary.
TYPEWRITERS AND SPPPLIEsT"
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYpiEWRiraRS^vi«
sell better machines for less money thaa 32/
bouse in the city; rental* $3. ' The Typewriter
Exchange. 53U California; telephone Main 28«.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
tlculars. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery st.
2I £. H^ NI> 'yP« w r'ters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Iciyec. Co.. 209 Sansoma.
EMPLOYaiENT WANTED— MALE.
A COMPETENT piano player, is a J s0 , fl "£7
class zither soloist, wishes any kind of Job.
city or country. MOEHRINQ. 27 Kate st.
YOUNG German bartender; willing and trust-
worthy; wages no object; about $-3. ao>
dress box 26tt5. Call office.
YOUNG barber, steady, reliable,-' flrst-class
workman wants good, steady place. Address
Barber, box 3093. Call. Oakland.
ACCOUNTANT of experience wants position;
best of references. Box 2634, Call.
BRIGHT boy wishes position in office or
wholesale house: chance for advancement;
has recently graduated from commercial
school; Is good at figures and can do sten-
ography and typewriting. W. E. W., lt»l
Seventh St., Oakland. Cal. .
ELDERLY man would like place; attend to
cows and horse and make himself useful
around the place. No. 20S Natoma St.. nr.
Third, rear house.
RAILROAD construction, mining or similar
work by bookkeeper and accountant; thor-
oughly experienced with rolls, time, supplies,
etc. Box 251)0, Call.
A FIRST-CLASS cook and wife; best. refer-
ences; country hotel or boardi»g-house. Box
197S. Call.
YOUNG man (22) desires clerical position of
any kind; can furnish bonds; best of refer-
ences. Box 2587. Call. _
GOOD Job shop foreman carpenter or cabinet-
maker; 25 years' experience: 6 years with last
firm. 276 Hartford st.. city.
JAPANESE coUDle want situations in good
family; man as experienced cook; wife wait-
rets and housework; good references; $30.
HIRA. S13 Jfesle St.; tel. South 99.
JAPANESE young couple want a position In
small family man as plain cook, wife wait-
ing and housework; city or country. H. H..
4 St. Mary st.
A JAPANESE boy wants work by day. A.
NOMOTO. 353 Geary St.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
FINANCIAL.
INVESTMENT— Bonds paying 6 per cent. fre«
of taxes; secured by real estate certified by
trust company: Interest July and January.
Address I. J. TRUMAN. Call building. San
Francisco. -
COMPANIES Incorporated and financed; stock
and bond issues guaranteed, underwritten and
sold; stock accepted for services. Send for
Pacific States Investor. PACIFIC STATES
MINING AN'D INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post.
AN old established corporation, doing a large
and profitable business, wants 150,000 more
capltnl. Box 25t>3. Call office.
FLATS TO LET.
HOUSES and flats to let; an immense list; ser-
vice absolutely free; take advantage of this
department; It will save you time and trouble.
Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-259 Geary St.. on
the square.
PARK flats: new; elegantly finished: on See-
ond ave. and C at., one block to McAllister
cars; 6 rooms, 6 rooms, 7 rooms, 10 rooms;
$23 to- $45; sunlight all around; open.
819 MASON, near Pine — New gunny 8-rooin
flat; bath, cellar; $57 00; reliable, permanent
tenant only.
UPPER flat of 4 sunny rooms. 1120 Broad-
way; rent $14.
CORNER sunny flat of 6 rooms and bath;. rent
only $20. 3021 Laguna st. \
JONES, 1707— Upper flat; 4 sunny rooms;
pleasant location; marine view; $15.
MODERN, sunny, corner upper flat 7 rooms;
N rent reasonable. Jackson and Larkln sts.
TO LET— Flat ol 4 rooms; 1S97 O'Farrell.
HOOKER & LENT. 14 Post st.
GREENWICH. 2727— Upper; sunny; 6 rooms;
new; marine view; $25; open.
6-vROOM flat. Corner Church and Hancock sts.,,
near Eighteenth. '
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
FLATS FOR SALE: Kl/'KNISHUU.
HANDSOMELY furnished 6-room flat. Inquire
1458 Hayes st., near Baker; no dealers.
FURNITURE WANTED.
L. AND L. Auction Co.. 1059-61 Mission; phone
Jessie 1871; spot cash for furniture, etc
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission, phone Red 4462,
buys, rents, repairs, packs, furniture, carpets.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
AT^r^TH^VN^E^r^^o7s7?H7no^G7a^rTs5
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 waitresses springs, l,al.4 County, fare
paid $25
2 waitresses, summer and winter health re-
sort, fares here $25
Walt: ess, no uniform, mine boarding-house..
$25. found and wash
Working housekeeper, small hotel, short dis-
tance. German or Scandinavian $25
Laundress, resort, fare paid J25
Man and wife waiter end waitress, country
hotel r $50
2 waitresses. 1 chambermaid. Santa Cruz.
fares paid $25, $20
Waitress, small country hotel, no uniform. $25
Chambermaids, city and country ...$20. $?5
Cook, sanitarium. 8 people $30
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Working housekeeper. 2 men. with or with-
out a child, $10. $12; chambermaid and
seamstress and second girl. $25, $2O. same
family; houseglrl. Martinez, party here.. $30
Cooks, housegirls. second girls, nurseglrls.
city- and country, $15. $33; others; Infant's
nurse. $25.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 420 Bush st.
A — GIRL to fold towels, $7 week, no Sunday
work: hours 7 to 5. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
429 Bush st.
A — MAN and wife, butter maker and cook.,
country, party here. $50. C. R. HANSEN
& CO.. 429 Bush Bt. .. ¦¦- .r ;"
WANTED— Cook no wash. $40; cook for men,
$35; 4 cooke. $30; 4 second girls. $20. $25.
city and country; laundress for private fam-
ily. $35; laundress for springs. $10; lroner.
laundry, in hospital. $25; cleaning woman,
$25; chambermaid; waitress, hotel, country,
$25 fare paid; housework. Ross Valley, no
washing. $25; 4 nuisfglrls. $25. city and
country;" housekeeper. $20; 2 men and wives,
private places. $50 and $75; restaurant wait-
resses. $9, $C. and 44 housework girls, city,
Oakland, Martinez, Alameda. and all nearby
townc at $20. $25. $30. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 334 Butter st.
A— TRAY girl for hospital. ?20; a mangle
girl for laundry. $20; a flrst-class chamber-
maid for hotel in city. $25; cook. 2 In fam-
ily. Los Gatos. y.0; a nurse for 1 child. $."50;
cook for first-class place in city, $40; two
waitresses for Santa Cruz, • $25. fare paid.
MISS PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter 3t., near
Powell.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 2C Montgomery, r. 12.
Head waitress. < $30.
HAIRDRESSING, manicuring, massage, hair
work; removal of superfluous hair taught
from A to Y. In 2 weeks for $4 r>0: positions
guaranteed; $10 to $20 por week; school day
and eve. 233 Geary, r. 13; maids prepared.
HAIRDRESSING, manicuring, massage, scalp
treatment, hair work, removal of superfluous
hair; $5 2 weeks; day and eve. class; wages
$10 to $20 wk. 1230 Market, cor. Jones, r. 94.
WANTED — Young lady who Is handy In mak-
ing fancy Infant's work, such as trimming
fancy baskets etc. Apply between 10 and
11 a. m.. I. MAGNIN & CO.. 43-53 Ellis St.
J. — OPERATORS on ladles' underwear: goo«i
wage3; steady position. I. MAGNIN &. CO.,
650 Mission st. - .
A— OPERATORS wanted on .ladies' Waists;
gocti wages; steady employment. 656 Mis-
slon St.. I. MAGNIN & CO.
A — OPERATORS wanted on children's and ln-
fants' wear; steady position; good wages. I.
MAGNIN & CO.. «5<i Mission gt. ¦¦•-. , v ;
ASSISTANT cashier for restaurant to work
part of week: good pay. Apply 9 a. m. to
12 m.. Restaurant Keepers' Associaion. C
Eddy Bt.. room 40.
WANTED — Youp.sc glrl3 for wrapping depart-
ment at STRAUSS &¦ FROHMAN'S. 107 P03t
st.. San Francisco. Cal.
FIRST-CLASS cook, $35; references. 17JS
Jackson St., Friday and Saturday, 9 to 10
• a. m.
BOOKBINDERY girls; experienced hand* and
girls to learn the business. MALLOYE. 422
Sacramento st. •
NEAT, reliable girl, general housework, cook-
ing; small family; good wage3. Call be-
tween 0 and 1. 2116 California ft.
A — Practical Millinery School, estab. 14 years;
terms easy: 810 O'Farrell. for. 10CO Van Ness.
EXPERIENCED sewing machine operators
J. J. PFISTER KNITTING CO.. 412 Polk St.
YOUNO lady, for store. ? MASKEY'S, 32 Kear-
ny st.
WANTED — Girl for second work and waiting.
1307 Hyde st.
YOUNG clrl for general housenrork. 016 Tay-
lor st. . .
WANTED— Experienced demonstrator . for
cereal product; itatc salary. Box 2571. Call.
A SMALL girl to attend little child. 2715
Sutter st.. apartment 6. :
WANTED — 10 young ladles to train for nurses
Box 2560. Call office. '
WOOL sorters or women willing to learn with
pay. HENRI ¦ MARX. - 134 Bluxome st.
FINISHERS on men's white shirts. ROGER-
SON'S. 635 Valencia St.
WANTED— 2 first-class waitresses for . Hotel
St. James, San Jose; wages $23; fare paid.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE — Con.
GIRLS fO RIVET OVERALLS; STEADY
WORK; PAID WHILE LEARNING.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO..
82tf FREMONT ST.
APPLY TO MR. DAVIS.
AT OUR NEW FACTORY. 1873 MISSION ST.,
NEAR FIFTEENTH. SEWING MACHINE
OPERATORS ON OVERALLS WANTED;
INEXPERIENCED PAID SALARY WHILE
LEARNING ;OPERATORS AND RIVETERS
ALSO WANTED AT OUR MAIN FACTORY.
82% FREMONT ST. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.
APPLY TO MR. DAVIS.
GIRLS TO LEARN ON SHIRTS AND OVER-
ALLS; A STATED AMOUNT GUARAN-
TEED. STANDARD SHIRT FACTORY,
COR. GOUGH AND GROVE 8T8.
GIRLS to learn millinery now for fall season;
trade taught from start to finish In 1 month
for $3: positions guaranteed at $10 per week
up. French School. 143 Stockton St.. rm. 13.
OPERATORS on ladles' underwear, children's
wear and ladles' waists. 43-63 Ellis st. Ap-
ply bet. 9 and 10 a. m. Ask for MR. V.
MAGNIN.
PICK hops In August; enjoyable, healthful and
very profitable outing for «aen. women and
children. Call or write B. CLEMENS
HORST CO.. 122 Battery st San Francisco.
GLOVES— Operators to learn glove fitting;
wages from start; also driving glove makers.
CARSON GLOVE CO.. 123 Second st.
WANTED— Good German or Swedish girl for
general housework. 1620 Geary st.
WOMAN past 28 to manage branch business;
. good opportunity. Box 2583, Call office.
GIRL to assist general housework; small fam-
ily^ .
WANTED— Experienced bindery girls. Apply
SANBORN. VAIL & CO.. 741 Market st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
t received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia St.
HELP WAXTED—MAIB^^^
AT THE eXLTJi?MpT^VGENCY.
50 Third st.. near Call Bldg. Phone Bush 405.
FREE FARE.
S. P. R. R. CO.'S OWN WORK.
CHATSWORTH PARK TUNNEL.
10 timbermen, $2 50 a day.
10 paw and hatchet men. $2 50 a day.
10 carpenters' helpers. $2 50 a day.
12 carpenters, $3 50 a day.
500 section hands for Yolo Co.. Monterey Co..
Santa CJara Co and all partr of California
and Nevada $1 60 $1 75 and $2.
/ NEVADA.
60 teamsters, fence builders, surfacing hands,
steel gang tunnelmen and pile drivers. $2
to $3 «Tay.' . FREE FAKE.
CHATSWORTH PARK.
10 tunnelmen. $3 a day.
10 drillers. $2 25 a day.
FREE FARE.
FREE FARE ON CAL. NORTHWESTERN.
10 teamsters and laborers, $2 25.
WILLITS. UKIAH.
HUMBOLDT COUNTY.
FARE ADVANCED.
20 lumber pliers. $33 and board.
12 laborers. $»5 and board.
1 edgerman. $80 and board. „.„-.
COAL MINERS. FREE FARE.
OREGON. FAMILIES SHIPPED F*EE.
25 coal miners, $3 to $5 a day.
FREE FARE TO TUOLUMNE COUNTY.
10 lumber handlers and laborers. $35 and
board up; ship dally.
BUTTE COUNTY TO-DAY.
23 teamsters. $2 60 a day.
•U men to clear right of way, $2 2o a day.
SWgto laborers. $2 25 a day.,^ $2
MAN about plaae. country, $30 and found'. 3
men and wives, private families. $40, $50 and
$75 and found; laborer and wife for lumber
camp, woman to cook. $70 and found; 2
farmers and wives, $40 and $50 and found;
laundry man and wife. $60 and found; farm-
ers $30 and found; porter and delivery wagon
driver, country store, $50 and room; 2 butter
makers $40 and $M>; 2 milkers. $35 anl
found; locksmith and saw filer. $2 60 day;
blacksmith helpers. $2 and $2 60 day; circu-
lar Baw filer, $3 day; miners. $2 50 and $3 a
day; utableman; choreman; $25 and found,
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 62S Sac-
ramento st. -
RESTAURANT cooks, $12 and $15 week and
$50 month: hotel cooks. $35 and $50 and
found; cook and wife, $60; boy for house-
work, tl5 and found: elevator boy, $15 and
found: waiters, dishwashers and others. J.
F. CROSETT & CO.. C2S Sacramento st.
ANDRE'S Office, 317 Stockton st.— Ten labor-
ers for orlvate place, Sonoma Co., $1 a day
nnd found; assistant gardener, private place,
$2 a day: choremnn for summer resort, $25;
broiler, $2 50 day; second cook, $75; dish-
washer, machine work, country. $30: dish-
washer, city, $7 a week; waffle and toast
maker, hotel. $i?0; waiter, helps hall. $25;
man to raise chickens and tend to garden.
Institution, $25; silvernmn. hotel. $30.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 2(^Montgomery. r. 12—
Pantry man, $25; porter, $25; elevator boy
for springs, $12; cook, $70.
A MAN and wife, small ranch: $50. Apply to
MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
YOUNG man as porter in oyster house. 409
Seventh St. between Broadway and Wash-
ington at.. Oakland; call between 12 and 9
p. m. "V. ¦
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair;
foct-form thoes at $2 00; we pay express or
mall charges. 11 Third St.. Examiner bldg.
MAN to worlc around boarding-house; wash
dishes and make beds; wages $20. South-
west corner of Bay ani Webster sts.
WANTED — Cash boys at STRAUSS & FROH-
MAN'S. 107 Post st.. San Francisco. Cal.
TINNER wanted; steady work indoors. WIES-
TER & CO.. 22 Second et.
BARBER. Flrst-class man, for 3 weeks; guar-
anteed $18 week. Box 134. Martinez. Cal.
GOOD barber wanted at 202 Noe St.. near Mar-
ket. •
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express or
mall charges. 11 ThH-d st.. Examiner bl'lg.
WANTED— Boy In casket factory. "Address 303
Montgomery ave. "
BOY in tinshop: learn trade; 10 years. 533
Mission Et. . '¦
STEADY dishwasher in small 'restaurant: $C
week; half day Sunday. 25S5 Market st.
THREE competent young men wanted. Call
forenoon. Emma Spreckels bldg., room 30S.
BOOKBINDERS — First-class Job ruler wanted.
MALLOYE. 422 Sacramento st. ¦
BARKEEPER; German-spcaklng preferred;
stato references. Box 2503. Call office.
TRY bur men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair:
foot-form shoes at $2 60; we pay express or
mall . charges. 11 .Third St.. Examiner bldg.
YOUNG man or girl to help in small re3taur-
ant dining-room. . 145 Fifth st.
BOY for office from 14 to 16. 2 Golden Gate
avc. M. Henry's Express and Transfer Co. :
BARBER shop for sale. 110.1 Howard , st. ; do-
ing good business; must sell. '
FOR Falp — 3 chair barber shop; big -wages for
2. 237H Fifth st.
BARBER shop for sale cheap ;• 5 chairs ; good
i thing. 751, Mission st. __ __± _!______
BARBER shop for sale; 2 chairs; cheap. 173S
¦ Market st. - '
Many folks like a crowd, and some solitude,
'Mong the latter Is classed this lah-de-dah dude.
? But The Call speaks foriall; In our ads you will find
Just the sort of resort to which you're Inclined.
When your outing time comes you'll go If you're wise
To a summer resort that we advertise._ate Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
, Thursday. July 9.
Stmr Gltmy. Leland. 21 houn from Monte
rey and way ports.
DOMESTIC. PORTS.
MENDOCINO— Sailed July 9— atmr Point
Arena, for gar* Franclsc*. • ,
FORT BRAGG — Arrived July 9 — Stmp Na
tional City, hence July 8.
ABERDEEX— ArrlTed Jaly 9 — Schr -Zampa.
from • Redcndo.
PORT BJaAKELET — Arrived July l> — Br
Ivydene.* from ¦ Port Townsend; Chll bark Cur
son, from Port Gamble, for Valparaiso. . •
Sailed July 9 — Nor bark Avantl, for Delagoa
Bay. • •"¦ ¦ ¦»
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived July 9— Ger
hark Eilbek. from Port Gamble, for United
Kingdom: Nor bark Avantl, from Port Blake
ley, for Delagoa Bay. ¦ .•
• EVERETT — Sailed Jury 0 — Stmr Rainier, tor
San Franclsoo. ... • •
Arrived July tt— Stmr City of Puebla, _om
Seattle.
OCEAN STEAMER.
GENOA— Arrived Jnly 9— Stmr Lahs, fruft
New Tork. via Gibraitar and Na;la*.
F. C. Richter and D. A. Wentworth to'Harry
H Johnson lot on S tine of University avenue.
62:2 E of Tenth. E 25 by 8 100. block 100.
Tract B, Berkeley Lantt and Town Improve
ment Association. Berkeley; $10.
John M. Schaeberle (single) to Margaret C.
Coombe (wtf- of PhlllpV lot on E line of War
ring street. 45O N of Chinning way. N SO by
E 142.44. S 5O.32: W 1*9:11. lot 20. mao of
Benton property. Berkeley; $10.
Hiram S. and Lizzie M. Saffonl t» «am-, lot
beginning at surveyor's stake at Intersection of
two fences at a point on N line of Dwight way.
303 W of Bowdltch, E M by N. 300, beta* W
95. feet of lot 3. block 7. property of College
Homestead Association (lots 3 and 4 bavins
actual frontage of 151 :S nn Dwight way In
stead of ISO as per map), Berkeley: $10.
R J. McMullen (single) to Laura — . Wil!
faros (wife of Tobe). lot on — line Of Willow
street. 5»:«'S of 8«ward. R 30:6 by E IS, block
700 same map. Oakland: $10.
George Dickson to Mary J. Dickson (wife),
lot on W line of Magnolia street. 230. <J2 8 of
Tenth. S 23 by W 133:3. block 548. same map.
Oakland; gift
Mary J. Dickson to George Dickscn. lot on
W line of Magnolia street. 203.62 9 of Tenth.
S 23 by W 1.13:3. block 543. Boardman's map.
Oakland; gift
James M. Hanford to Jens P. Nlssen. let on
f* Una of Fifteenth street. 11O W of F«ratta>-3
105: 7 »i by W 25. lot 14. block B-727. or lot 2*.
tract B-3S2. resubdlvision of block K-727. Oak
land; $ia
W. J. and Mary A. Cutnbertson t n Jenni*
E. Cranston (wife of Robert . D.), lot en V
line of Wallace avenue * or Twenty-eights
street. 190 XV of West. W 00 by X HO. hJUr 4
and 5. block A. map of Henry subdivision of
Whitcher. Bmckhurst xnd Roland Tracts, quit
claim deed. Oakland: $1. ¦- .
Jennie E. and Robert P. Cranston to Joseph
Bouhaben. same. Oakland; $10.
lots 10 to 21. block J, lots 11 to 17. block W.
and an . unsubdlvided lot. same map, Oakland,
subject to all liens of record; $10. •
Same to same, an cf bl£ck A. except lots 1.
12. 23 and 27. revised map or Clareznont Ave
nue Tract. .Oakland: also AD of block B. ex
cept lots 20* to 2-.'. 31 and 32. same map. Oak
land; also all of block C. except lot 33. same
map. Oakland: also all of block D. except loo
1 to 10. and portion of lot 40. lyrax N of divid
ing line between lots 2 and 3. said block ex
tended across said lot 40. same map. Oakland:
also all of blcck E. except lets 2 and 4, and 'M
to 33. same map. Oakland: also all of block F.
except lots 1 to 4 Inclusive. 6 to ¦•. -10. 11* M
_! and 23. same mar>. Oakiand. subject to all
liens now on record: $10.
Leah F. Mott (single) to Lou Brooks (wife
of James H.). S 25 feet of tot IS In E 'i of
block M. lands adjacent to Knelnal Alameda;
$10. -
Theresa J. Coelho (Fields. Macedo). Mary
G. Woods (Fields). John S.. Frank. Manuel S.
and Antonio Fields to Joseph S. Fields, lot
beginning at a point on SW line of Preda
street being most N corner of lands of one
A. S. Amaral. thence SW 289.60 by NW 67.08.
San Leandro. deed given to correct names and,
descriptions in former partition and to vest fee
absolute In second party, all interest Eden
Township: $
-Joseph S. and Marianna Fields to Manuel
Phillips, same. Eden Township; grant.
Byron .G. and Lizzie Snyder to Charles Ja
cob lot on N line of Ninth street. 125 W of
Clay. W 25 by N 1C0. lot 25. block 116. Kellers
berger's pap. Oakland; $10.
- Eltzab%» Lange Amis (Lange) to Christine
R Hensel.'lot on E line of Grove street. 90 N
of* Marlposa. N 45 by E 120. lot 4". block 3.
map of McKee Tract in plat 48, v\ and D. Pe
ranta ranchos. Oakland: grant. -
Ann and James McMenomy to John H.
Welsz. lot or S line of Thirty-ninth street.
541:3 E of Grove. E 36:1, S 115 ta S ltn« of
Montgomery Tract, thence W to intersection of
line at right angles to Thirty-ninth street S
from beginning. N 112:* to beginning, bein*
W portion of lot 23. map Montgomery Tract
Sal. Oakland: $600.
James W. Walsh (single) tr» Claus Henry
Koenlg lots 2. 4 and 5. Tumbull Tract, etc..
Brooklyn Township; also lot 3. block J. Curtis
and Williams Tract Oakland: $10. -
Lena and D. O. Hay (husband* to Clark
Smith, lot on W line cf Ellis street." 75:3 S
of Prince. S 37:7»4 by W 120, being N half of
lot 79. block 5. Regent-street Homestead Asso
ciation etc.. Berkeley; $10.
Alice E. Douglass (widow) to Peter J.
Thorsted. lot beginning at a point la center
of-Fruitvale avenue. -distant thereon Dl;7 N
from Dolnt In center of said avenue of exten
sion E of N boundary line lands now -or for
merly of W. O. Badger, thence parallel with
said N 'boundary line said Badger extended W
601.92 to center line of Sausal Creek, thence
V to S boundary line of lands now or formerly
of Jesta Shoemaker. E 601.92. S 91:11 2-JJ to
beginning, excepting portion nf said land In
cluded In Frultvale avenue. beht£ N half of
2.5*57 acres conveyed -by , Jesta A. Shoemaker
to Victoria R. Van Pelt. 139 D. 261. Brooklyn
Township: $10.
. George E. and Ada R. Pratt to Realty Syndi
cate (a corporation), lots 1 to 1<\ block W. map
No 3. Roberts & Wolfskin Tract. Oakland:
also lots 1 to 2O. block JC. same map. Oakland:
also lot on SW "corner of Colusa avenue i and
Colty street, S 450, XV 493.40. N 460. E 511.30,
O. L. Shafter Estate Company to Elizabeth
C. Burcham, lot on E line of Alice street. 190
S of Durant S 50 by E 133.94. Oakland: $10.
John and Fredericka J. Trcadwell to Stand
ard Realty and Development Company, lot on
S line of Third street, 110:2 W cf Linden. W
56:4 by 8 04. lot 27. and oortlons of lots 28
and 29. block 443. map of Adeline and Market
Streets Homestead. Oakland: $10.
Same to same, lot "on S line of Third street.
150 E of Madison. E 50 by S 100. lots 11 and
12. block 131, resubdlvision of block 131 as per
Kellersberger's Map. Oakland; $10.
Charles V. Cross (single) 10 Marion S. and
Helene M. de Roco. lots 9 and 10, block P,
map of resubdivtsion of portion of Robert.* &
WolfyktU Tract, Oakland; $10. %
William P. and Julia L. Geary to William
H. Feary, re-record 6S0 D. 2«0. .lot 14. block
A. map of subdivision of HeaH Twenty-tnird
Avenue Tract. Brooklyn Township: $10.
John E. and Emily V. Freitas to Mrs. Ir.aclo
Gerome Daviiar. lot on S line of Atlantic street.
74:3 W of Campbell. W 30 by 3 ICO. block 49C,
map. of Gibbons' property at Oakland Point,
Oakland: ?10.
fecrad street. 115 E of West street. E 50 by S
14C, lot ltf, block 2CK7, Rowland Tract: $10.
Jeremiah Mullen (single> to Patrick William
Treacy, re-record of $79 D. 204. lot on SE
corner Pacific and Willow stre«t«, E 74 by S
25:7. lot 8, block 435, map of Gibbons prop
erty at Oakland Point. Oakland: $5. r '
J. W. and Mary E. Turner to U.S. Wil
liams, lot on NE corner of Telegraph and Wes
ton avenucB. N 50, E 130. W 130:37. portion
lot 1. block A. man resub of Weston tract,
subject to SDCG 10 -due Oakland Bank of
Savings, Oakland; $10.
Emily b Russell (widow) to Mrs. Olla Ber
nier (daughter), lot on NW corner of 21st and
West Btreets, N 50 by W 100. lot 10. block
J. Curtis and Williams tract, Oakland; $10.
Margaret B. Cooper (widow) to H. H. Sea
well (sfngle), lot on N line of Eleventh street,
4W5 E of Center street E 32 by N-11O. portion
lots 9 and 10. map of Center Street Home lots,
at Oakland Point. Oakland; $10. ¦ ¦• ' .
Frederick - and Elizabeth Pfplffer (wife) to
Orvtllo F. Wellisr, lot on N line of Merced
avenue, now. 58th st, 655:9 W of Racine. N
1«T> W 75:0H. S • 1€5, ¦ \V . 80:4, ¦ portion lots
23 and 24, map DOrtlcn Brumagim tract, E
Shatluck street. Oakland: $10.
Marion and Mary I. Van Ostrand to W. I*
Vance, lot on W line of Market street. 34:7?i
S of 21st. S 25 by'W 125, lot 2. map sub
division Wall Tract, subject to $2000. Oak
land; $10. "
A. F. and Maybelle H. Com«-a!J to Stan
dard Realty and Development Company (cor
poration), lot on E corner of East 12th and
20th avenue. NE 100 by SE 75. being SW
100 feet of lots 1 to 3, block 9. 'San Antonio.
East Oakland: $10. .
Calvin A. Shaw (single) to California. Ore
gon and Washington' Home Builder's Associa
tion lot on " NK corner of Felton (now KM
street) and Herxog streets, N 12<> by E 3»,
portion, lots 5 to 7. block 10, Herzog tract.
Golden Gate, warrants and defends same
against all claims except the following deed
to Volbere aixl Clark, trustees. January 31.
1903 $16C0. certain rights and equities to John
U Martin In contract of purchase, April 15,
1903 Oakland Township; $10.
1 Joseph J. and Barbara Mason to Emma Ed
wards (widow), lot no N line of Falrvlew
Street R50 E of Calais. E 60 by N 135, lot 3,
Mock'E, Map^of Subdivision of S portion of
Harmon Tract. Berkeley; $lf>0.
.L. D. and Edith Syle to Henry C. MeCabc.
lot on E Hn* of Manoa avenue. 100 S of ParkeT
street S 5O by E 159:4S.- lot 22. block F, Map
3 of Hilleguss Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Mariner S. Llbbey to H. V. J. Swain. W 35
f/>et of lots H and 12,, block F, Map ;$. same
map. Berkeley: $10.
Oeorge C. Kemp (single) to Frederick A.
Dodge, beginning at a point on the dividing
line between lots 6 and .", map with referee's
report in Partition, suit of Haralson vs. Ren
wick et al.. distant thereon 12.PO chains S from
N comer of paid lot »V thence NW 35 links. SW
to N line of county mad Oakland to San Lean
dro E to said dividing line between said Jots
« a'nd 7. tnenc* alons same to- beginning.
Brooklyn Township; $5. • . .*.
Frederick A.: Dodge (single) to Andrew Carl
son, beginning at point on aforesaid dividing
line distant thereon 17. i5 chains 8 from N cor
n«r o« »M tot «. thence NW 35 links. SW to N
line of county road Oakland to San Leandro
B to said dividing line of said lots « and 7. N
to beginning. Brooklyn Township; $.". >,
Delor and Harriet A.PIatt to Peter Wa lien
re-record 707 T). 4««. lot 9.- in subdivision F,
Map of Frultvale Terminal • Tract, acknowl
edged No%-ember 5.- 1 S9i>. Brooklyn Township;
$m.v -¦¦.' •¦¦. -•¦.-•.•' ' ¦¦¦-¦,
. Emma S. and Joseph Relnhardt.toRob»rt R.
and Neva T.-ismith, lot on S line of-Thlrty-
Alameda County.
Sarah C. Graham to Annie A. Bunyan. lot
commenclpg 23 SAV from S corner of Powell
avenue and. Mission street, oW 25. E S3:fi,
N 2.1. — 83:6, S subdivision 10, Precita Valley
lot 354 et al.: ritt.
Dwight. S 25 by W 120, lot 3, block 11, Paul
Tract; $10. -
Mary K. Kelly and .'James McBean to" <*
Ducas Company. <a corporation), lot on W tin*
of Ware street, 109:4 * N of San Bruno N
25 by W<JU:5%.~SE 30:6»i. E 76, lot 2 ! block
7, Garden Tract Homestead: $10. ' K
August Melsenbach to W..G. BarUc»t lot.
87 to 40, block 11.. City Land Association-' $400
Christian and Jennie Halverson to William
M. de Wolk-lota 757,to 760,. gift map .1; $io
Ann!" M.. Ed wanJ|T., Joseph V. and Geonre
H. Connollys Maggie F. Sullivan. Mary J
Ludlow and Helena A. Morgan to Mary Mol
loy (formerly Connolly), lot on S line of Thlr*
tleth street. 40 W of No*. W 70 by S 125. lots
11* and 119. Mission and Thirtieth Streets
Homestead Union: also all .interest in estate
of. John H.. Connolly; $10.
¦¦¦ Abe and 'Charlie : Rosenstein . to. Solomon
Rosen, lot on W line of San Bruno, 175 S of
Same to same, • lot on SW lln* of*Fi^v«n«i,
avenue. 200 SE of Q street. SE 50 by SW lJ*
block 22«. O'N. & H. Tract: gift.-/ 7 bW 1{K> -
Same to same, lot on NE corner of T»n!K
avenue and K street. J3 120 by N loo wSck
210. Central Park: gift. block
Daniel E. and Addle S. Frlele to Anthony O
Rossi, lot en W line of Jones street, 82:6 N of
Jackson. N 30 by W 37:6; $10. m
Edward and Adella McLaughlin to Henry E
Bothln, lot on NW line of Minna street "a
SW of First, SW 25 by NW 50; $10. '
Frederick W. and Emily M. Hollmann to
James McCann. lot on NW line of Harri«on
street. 196:0«i SW of Fifth. SW 28:U»i byNW
80: $10. " \ y V>
Anna S. Mulvey to Mary E. Carruthers - lot
EM 'byVl^a^' ° 5 E ° f Tenth «~«.
City and County of San Francisco to Marv T
Craig, lot on NE ! corner ol : A street and For!
ticth avenue, N 304:8. SE 04:10. SW 307-> w
19:8; . '
Hattie G. Mann and William s Gar« t n
William L. B- Mills, lot on E line of Lv
cnth avenue, 250 vS of A street. E.120 bv s ko
also lot on E line of Seventh avenue it-, s
of A street, S 50 by E120: also lot on W Hn?
of Seventh avenue, 100 N of B street v w
by W. 120; $10. tree t. >>.S0
Anton and Sofle , Mease rschm id t to Xr«-Y.i
Wulff (wife of William T.), undivided on^-hoft
of lot on E line of Forty-seventh avenue^
S of J street. S 25 by E 120; grant ' 25 °
J. B. Relnsteln to Ernest Xeugebauer i ft ».
16 to 21. block E, Getz Addition to Lake'vlew'
$10. . ' — »«eM*>w,
David Marx to P. G. Eastwlck Jr w ,—
N*«mer>of Sixth and Channel streif. x?2
45:10 by NW 137 :«, South Beach block 2>. «,„
- Patrick -"VS. Lahaney to Marftaret LahkniJ'
lot on S W llnp of Eleventh avenue - "raj v vr
of P street.- NW 25 by SW 100, block *^>rt
ON. & H. Tract; gift. ; ' Dlock — °>
George A. Neumlller to Pletro Amoroso, lot
on S line of Duncan street, 175 E of Church.
E 25 by S 100; $10.
Alice and Bessie James to John Baler, lot on
E line of Diamond etreet, 00 S of Jersey S 21
by E SO; $10. -
Lulgi Cuneo to Maria Cuneo. lot on E line of
Powell street, 49:6 N of Greenw!ch,-N 44 E
P2:«. S 24. W 20. S 20. W 77:6, and all Interest
In 50 vara lot No. 496; gift.
EmlJy B. Hopklna to William Wilson. lot on
N line* of Fourteenth and SE of Market. NE
131 BE 160. SW 14:07»i, W 153:10^, quitclaim
deed: $lo.
William E. Hebberd to same, same; $10.
Augustus J. Ranken to Mary A. Kneass. lot
on E line of Walter street, 31S N of Four
teenth. N 25 by E 125: $10.
Bessie and Sarah F. Thornton, Harry T.
Creswell, Margaret T. Fall and Lucy A. WfT
llams to CeorK.e II. Smith, lot on Is* line of
Seventeenth street and SE of Market. E 100:8.
N f<3:9, SW 144:31$. quitclaim deed; $5.
George H. Bmlth to Harry T. Creswell. Bes
sie and Sarah F. Thornton. Margaret T. Fall
and Lucy A. Williams, same, quitclaim deed;
$10. .
John C. James M. and W. G. Stevenson, Hat
tie M. Brown. Melvina Qulvey, Jane Wilcox,
William H. and Wilbur J. Haydock and Wilbur
J. Wilcox to J. C. Stevenson and W. J. Wilcox,
lot- on E line of Folsom street. 271:9 S of
Twenty-fifth. S 24:9 by E 112:6; also property
outside. of county; $5.
Constance A. Meeks and Blanche T. Heath
to Anna Plmolhella. lot on S line of Hayes
street. 169 :3 E of Masonic avenue. E 25 by
S 137:6; $10.'
City and County of San Francisco to Helena
McDevltt, lot on NE line of Eleventh street,
150 EE of Harrison, SE 25 by NE 100; $ .
Gustave Unjrerman to William P. Dowdell,
lot on S line of Nineteenth street. 95 W of
Folsom. W 25 by S 90; $10.
William P. and Mary J. Dowdell to Carl
Eberspacher, same; $10.
J J. Rauer to E. Cohn. lot on S line of Lib
erty street. 135 W of Valencia, W 25 by S
115; also lot on SE corner of Franklin and
Francisco streets, E 124:3 by S CS:9; also lot
on S line of Sixth avenue, 2.50 E of K street,
S 1C0. E 141:9. NE 106:1, W 106:10, lot 234.
block 120, Central Park: also lot 807, Gift
Map 2; also lot on W line of Valencia street,
105 S of Twenty-fifth, S 25 by W 90; also lot
on X line of Twenty-fourth street, 22S:4 W
of Ellen, W Cl :8 by N 114: also lot on N line
of Twenty-fourth street. 170:8 W of Ellen, W
61:8 by N 114; also lot on N line of Fifth
avenue, 4,11 W of M street. W 81:10, N to
Fourth avenue. E 131:5. SW 205, block 82;
also lot on N line of 'Filth avenue. R7:2 E of
N street. N 205, W 104, S? 200, E 87:2; also all
interest in driveway running on Fifth avenue
from Railroad avenue to- M street; also lot 6,
block 77, University Mound; $10.
Emma A. A. and Carl Rena and Adele S. H.
and R. R. Berg to Charlotte M. F. Kern, lot
on t* line of Golden Gate avenue, 179:6 W of
Larkln street. W 26:9 by S 120; 110.
Nano Dillon' (by B. P. Oliver, commissioner)
to Hibernia. Savings and Loan Society, lot on
NW corner of Fell street and Van Ness ave
nue, N 120 by W 155:7; also lot on SW cor
ner of Fourth and Harrison streets, SE 80 by
SW 130; $ie2,C00.
Jacob Hartraan to M. L. Hartman. lot on
SW corner of Fulton and Gough streets, W 60
by S 60: S10. * -
Rose Groh (Watson) to Walter Watson, lot
on S line of Hayes street, 67:6 E of Fillmore,
E 22 :t» by S 70; also lot on E line of Jones
street. 123 N of Sutter, N 12:6, E 137:6, »
57:«, W C8;9, N 45, W 68:9, quitclaim deed;
$10. . • .
John A. and. Elfreda J. Roberts to Harry
Jacobsen. undivided tenth of following: Lot op.
S line of Ellis street. «0 E of Scott. E 30 by
S 75: lot on S line of EHlf street. 90 E of
Scott. E 30 by S 75; lot on N line of Randall
street, 25 W of Dame. W 25 by N 125, lot 22.
block 27, Falrmount Homestead: $10.
WEDNESDAY, JULY 8,
EEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 10, 1903.
13
.¦y^'^'.t^^lRS^^L-^.'r- ' ¦ .;/..• ' .- .*?>'<«¦'* *-*.^^ g.^.t;' '*-'• ** '^*y*ffljlte3Bjy ' • "•** - * -* - ~\. '¦¦•'¦'¦ '¦ 4 '<•¦"'. '.'.V ¦ - - • "vy*"'^ * i- '-^" < "* i J. tJ A^
¦jK^J^fJrti^Vvi^'".^, •* i '*"*^3cvjKa?i3tJisC ¦"-'¦' ¦ ¦ ¦¦ • ¦"¦»¦•- 'X ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦' i- ¦¦¦•¦"¦¦ ' ¦ ¦"'. ¦ S 'V ' < *TT^^*tij r * / VT^ iS l f'''^^ Tii'*^"^^^''^^^iffTlr^' ii %1T 1 '^^^Vl'^if^' E I fli *^irff^fcM'iitM^3y^B^MMB
"''""'" ' ¦ ¦> ¦ -¦¦.•..¦.*¦ S| . ¦¦¦¦-..^^ / ..'>*:- ¦: .• . '-¦ v r i .'-'-¦' . -f Y~ v'. 1 • ?^ v -&t' 5*^.?-i^MBKM5^H^B^E^MBB^^5lBjlr< J "W?WfljUAiJ Sj^SjSCS^&i^ .^SJj&iSJ^^B^t "JBHBfcJff
CONFIDENCE."
pufetpIIfeBeaoilliifeeEE^iYi
car. of Call
Cusir.e— office.
--1.C. cr?T TiTvr roVTBCCTIOS CO5IPA-
vv *n 515 C_'a^«ri budding. W5U "t 7 yT)u
a* Va-dT_ldT,f» a house: «»U «£,»,-
SA& tt So^SS t i_SL»_______:
tl
McimsSr cSs: price, to s-t yon; open.
- nr n ,-_STx<r cor- lstJl and Folsom: 50x100
n_A_. ESTATE Cou-try Kor Ss_e.
' ALT ALFA :7rd»T rtock ranches, orchards.
v^Vvi-ir inspected bargain*: monthly cata-
£r£^«=t in*r C M. WOOSTER CO.. 644
Varket ft. m
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA R._A _ ESTATE.
JUEt'wHAT^TOU ARE LOOKING FOB!
A rr.ETTT HOME IN ALAMEDA.
. p..— curbed by Cowers and fruit tree*: rear
train ac<J spools; enly S2S50; lot 75x125.
N*.ce »-roc_ cottage and bath.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANT.
-vi. •',-?-'• U*l. 1500 Park ft.. Alameda.
Berkeley advertisements
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
>.>x. Murdock & Co.. Lorin station. Berkeley —
I-eal estate broker*, owners, builders, etc.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
. . . OmCB, 1118 BB0ADWA-.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
OEORGE W. AUSTIN,
1002 BROADWAT. OAKLAND.
1 110 to $300 down; 2-story, comfortable houe«
* . of 6 rooms, bath, fras and modern conven-
'¦ ; lencea; newly painted and papered; lot SOx
• ISO (note the eire); bars and well; on«
• block from Telegraph ave.: easy monthly
; "' payment*: liberal discount will be allowed
tor all cash over present mortsase ol 9100U.
. o AKLA.MI FCRMTCRB FOR SALE.
FURNITURE pood and cheap this month. H.
gCHELLHAAS. 40« Eleventh St.. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR. HOUSEKEEPING.
A NEW apartment house: furnished aad on-
fsreishe* rooms; new management ; elevator;
hot and cold water. 1043 Market, opp. Jones.
AT Mayflower: cut rates now for summer. 00&
'•£ t~ : t' up; also 'beautiful rooms (1 week.
CENTRAL ave., C2. near HaiKht — 3 sunny un-
: ut. rooms for housekeeping, inc. kitchen.
ELEVENTH. 10C— 2 or 3 iimny furnished
rooms for housekeeping.
GUERRERO. 220 — Three eusmy nicely furnish-
ed houfekeepiss rooms; phone, bath and
gas range.
HERBERT (The) — Sunny apartments for
housekeeping; gas ranges; ;uat newly fur-
nished. l.V-.o Polk et.
HOWARD. 1063 — 2 m_7 cosnecting. com-
pletely furnished housekeeping rooms.
KEARNT, 104 — 3 unfurnished susny rooms,
. 120; no children.
NINTH. 113 — 2 sunny housekeeping rooms;
rusc'.cg water and bath; reasonable.
OAK 117 — Sunny furnished suite*. 112 and $S;
• pas ranee, hct bath, laundry; «!ngl« $5;
; -¦ialts.
. 6ACRAMENTO. 1S23— 1 furnished or 2 unfur-
" r.'.fJ-.ei front rooms; new Cat.
STOCKTON. 120>J — Model house: new furnish-
ed houcekeepin? room*; (5 and S12.
S UTTER, :K30— Two suncy unfurnished rooms;
• light liousekeeping: use laundry arid bath;
no children; rent $10 month.
'VALENCIA. 1S7 — Three large, sunny rooms.
furnished complete for housekeeping; separate
entrance front and back, with bath and gas;
no small children: rent f22 60.
V.VN NESS ave.. TOG — Three> basement rooms
in rear complete for housekeeping. flS-
CLASSIF1ED advertisements and subscript iona
received at Call branch office. :200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH cf£ce for Cail advertisements and
fub#criptions has been established at 1090
Valencia st.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Inforn.
A—
GRAND ARMT OF THE REPUBLIC.
ENCAMPMENT AUGUST. 1303.
'The Committee on Hotels and Accommoda-
tions of the Grand Army cf the Republic
has arranged
With the
CITr ROOM RENTING AGENCT.
1104 Market «., ccr. Turk and Market,
Rooms 2 and 4, Phone Jessie 4471,
To act with the Committee In locating
\isltor» to the Encampment, in private
'-.-:-• ¦--- boarding* and rooming- houses.
Householder* de*lring to accommodate visit- 1
ors *re requested to notify without delay, the '
Qty Rocm Renting Agency cf each accom- I
rtiodation* as they have to offer. None but ¦
thoroughly respectable houses will be listed. 1
and the came -Rill be subject to Inspection by j
• representative at the Agency, and in ail i
f-aaea must be approved by the G. A. R.
f-mn-.itte*' of Mwoajreme&t before visitors
"alii be -suvsigned thereto.
A. A. — City Room" Renting Agency,
1104 Market tt.. cor. Turk and Market sts.,
Rocnss 3 and 4. Phor.» Jecs> 417L —
FREE FREE
We locate j-ca free cr charge
In Room* with or without board.
Housekeeping gocm» cr HoteU.
A— HOTEL KETHEBUXD — EUROPEAN
FLAN. 18 TURK 8T., 4 DOCKS FROM
MARKET; 2SO OUTSIDE ROOMS; STEAM '
¦ HEAT AND TELEPHONE IX EVERT
ROOM: RATES 75c A DAT UP; SPECIAL
RATES BT THE _0NTH.
A— HOTEL GRATETONE.
66 GEAKY ST.. PHONE BUSH RSO.
CENTRALLY LOCATED: ELEGANT SUITES I
WITH BATH AXD SINGLES.
A— BRUNSWICK Houie. 14S Sixth— Rocnn
::< to $1 per ::trht. tl 25 to $2 per week. a.nd
ii£ht housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "Th* Almonte." S73 Market st. (or No. 1
FlTth et.) — Rooms, 25c. 50c, >L tl 50 right:
II 60 to $10 week; house opea all night.
AXTLERS. 415 Turk— 8. 4 aa4 5 room apart-
menu for hkpg.; etrictiy mod.; eiec. elevator.
ARDELL. 15 Page — Larg-e furniFhed house-
keepisg ma., double beds. $1 25. Jl 50. $2wk.
A LARGE fumUfaed room for 1 or 2 gents;
lath: running water; reference*. bS3 Post st.
BURNETT, 1_5 Market— <old No. 1304)— Fur-
rooms, suites. sl&Kie; also furnished.
C LIFFORD— 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished tunny rooms; prices reasonable.
CHANIj Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 50c
to >1 Mi r.ight; (2 to $<S week; reading-room.
JiOi'EL ST. VINCENT. 641 Blxtn— Beautifully
T-r: ,;-.-i; rooms alngl* cr en suite; $1 per
*MJC Up.
HOWARD. ir*3_ Furnished rooms; $1 50 per
*•«**> up The 'Harvey.
— — — — - , _
HOWARD. 1076—2 rooms In rear bouse; 10.
LARKIN. W4— Surny single bark room, suit-
able for gentleman. $4 50 per month.
MARKET. lOOS^i— Large front room to let; $S
month.
MINNA, B14, near Elxth — Nice front room;
eult* bJe for 2 gentlemen.
MISSION. 1*254— Furnifhed rooms with batX
f 1 5C» per week up.
OFARRELL. 20— Eunny furnlzhed rooms and
cfSces; elevator: dec lights; day, week. mo.
JIOTAL Zleufe. 128 Ellis — Incandescent llphts.
rcadlrg-rocm. emoking-room and ladies' par-
lor: rooms per night, 35c to $1 SO; week. (2
to (S; rr.cr.th. tS to $30; elevator on ground
f.ocr; rooms with bet and cold water; baths.
TO let — A newly forciehed front bay-window <
rr>orn In new modern flat, with use of bath;
15 mlsute« from Third aad Market Ft*.; north
ride of Market; handy to 3 car lines; must i
have references. Box 13. Call office.
TL'PK. 418. Reglna — Beautiful sunny suites ti
tingle; latest lmpts; loiy— t rates In the ctty.
UNITED 6TATES, 123 Eddy st.. near Market
— 400 single and family rooms; S3c to SI
£lrht; |i 75 to 56 week: elevator; electric
«*tu; reajfiiaj-room; fret but and &»«»•«•
ROOMS TO LETV-y. rB , ,- d p - f - rn .
Ijg_lgyg^:f^nr^^^nv?
WINCHESTER ITotel. 44 8d St.. near Market-
•hwli.lt. lt £ t: * 2 t0 * 8 wee *: elevator;
r^J5f L »ci:U: reading-room; free bus; baggagt.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
1 mi DEVISADERO ST.
«^lHr fi " t -« lmss family hotel; sunny rooms.
«nu or single; billiards; .Utm bea£
V ho_i^- ""-**!•* Private boardln*-
noj£*. rooms single or en 8 _te; de_rabU 1»-
cation; all conveniences of home.
OLD Stevenson Mansion, opp. Grace Church,
. J£_* aaex - MI California St.— Attractive ln-
tertor; exceptional table; free blUlard-room.
1CO m OEART ~ Lantts sunny room; hot and
coia water; centieman preferred. _^
SILVER. 95 — FurniEhed sunny rooms; suitable
tor gentleman; excellent board; reasonable.
THE JOHNSON. 6C5 CFarrell st— Sunny
suites sad slnrlo rooms, with board: refs.
SPECIAL XOTICES.
ICE> — The secretary of the San Francisco
Protestant Orphan Asylum Society herewith
inv«>s notice, -rhat the following orphan and
half -orphan girls and boys have been admit-
ted to th« asylum on Kalght and Laguna
*ts., rromlu. .1 1903 to July 1. 1903:
Mabel G. Clark 8 yrs. 'and 10 mos.; Dora
M. Carapbell. 9 yrs.; Martha Brown. 9 yrs,
4 mos. ; Annie Brown 7 yrs. 1 mo. : Christina
Chrisuanaon. 15 yrs.; Lulu A. Deahl. 3 yrs.:
Ixniise Mohr. 7 yrs. ; Alice E. Whightman. 11
yrs. ; Annie Goaasel. 7 yrs.; Martha Goassel.
5 jts. ; Dallas R. Clark. 7 yrs. 3 moa. : Frank
O. Clark. 6 yrs. 2 moa. : Joseph A. JCeenan. 3
Jts. 3 mos.; James Keen&n. 2 yrs.; Herman
Mchr. ft jts. 6 mos.; Albert William Wbight-
rr.an. 7 jts.: Albert Caldweil. 2 yrs. 1 mo.;
Harold W. Anderson. 3 yrs.; Frederick Goas-
sel. 9 yrs.. and Henry Koenlcke. 8 yrs.
; THE Pacific Hebrew Orphan Asylum and Home
Society hereby gives notic* that they have
admitted into the orphanage from January 1.
1303. to June SO. 1903. the following named
orphans and half orphans, boys and girls,
vit: Louis Levin, aged 7 years; Irene Well.
aged 9 years 3 months; Helen Weil, aged 8
years 2 roonthe: Charles Bernstein, aged 12
j-ears: Harry Bernstein, aged 10 years <J
months; Edna Weil, aged 6 years 6 months;
Sadie Markowitz. aged 9 years 5 months;
Louis Robert Cousins, aged 10 years 3
months; Matilda Stone, aged 8 years 8
months; Isador Klein, aged S years: Solomon
Klein, aged S years 7 months: Ida Miller,
aged 10 years 9 months: Rose Miller, aged «
years: Lawrerce Maurice Beck, aged 5 years;
Rose Elver, aged 4 years 11 months.
NOTICE Is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage of 520 Lake st. San Francisco.
fcas received the following orphans, half
orphans and abandoned girls from January
ltt to Juae 30th, 1903: Charlotte F. Reoves.
aged 11 years: Edith Mackey Johnson 9
years :. Dorothy Campbell. 9 years; Laura Dais
Ash. 10 years; Irene Jones, 13 years: Maria
Grunn. 6 years; Violet E. Golledge. 15
j-ears; Margaret A, Golledge. 11 years; Mat-
tie E Ooode 11 years; Hazel O. Goods. 6
year*; Georgie Davis. 2 years: Maud H.
Brown. 10 years: Elsie H. Brown. 9 years;
Ida M. Brown. 6 years; Mary Jane Forsats,
IS months.
ABANDONED children In St. Joseph's Infaht
Orphan Asylum from Jan. 1. 1902, to Jan. 1.
1903: Raymond Welch, are 5H years; Ruby
Welch, ag* 4^ years: Eileen McGiveny, ag»
4 years; Esther Fraser. age 4 years.
SAN FRANCISCO. July 6.— The business here-
tofore owned by BEIDERMAN BROS.,
known as "Pacific Heights Bakery." 2225
Flllmore st. has been sold to H. Kallscher.
j SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH. DEAFNESsTnd NOISES in EARS
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. CotUngham. 20* gutter st.
DR. CARRIE EDWARDS eye. ear. nose and
throat. Removed to 428 Eddy st.
SB VYIXG MACHINES AAD SL'PPLL-3
SIS SO drop-head oak, guaranteed; eecend-hand.
$6 to $15: some nearly new; CO days' exchange
agreement. Chicago S.M.Exchange, »33 Mkt.
Et.. bet. 6th and 6tb; phone South 433; elera-
tor: branch. 2S5 Geary tt-: phone Main 750.
STORAGE AAD WAREHuCisK*.
A — —MPORIUM Storage _ Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. i£5-
731 Howard tt.. near Third; phone Grant 1C1.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. it-
flee Post and Powell etr. ; tel. Priv. Ex. 371.
CONKLIN'S storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate avc. ; phone East 12a.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made; 8W
Mission st. : tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2520 Flilmorc st. ;. phone Jackson 28L
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
st: tel. Main 1S40. Shipping at cut rates.
STCTTEH1XC AXD STAMMERI.1O. ,
MELBOURNE System School. Van Ness aad
Market: positive cure for all. Don't delay.
I PROPOSALS.
['NOTICE to Contractor* — Pursuant to an order
of the Board of Trustees of the State Nor-
mal School of San Diego. California, notice
is hereby given that sealed proposal* will be
received by said board until 2 o'clock p. m.
of Aueust K. 190.1. for furnishing the ma-
ter—is und performing- the labor necessary for
the erection and completion of the west p-Ing
of the San Diego State Normal School build-
ing. Separate proposal.* will be received and
y'-paratr contracts made for furnishing the
materials and performing the labor neces-
sary for each of the following parts of Bald
west wine, to wit: 1 — For masonry work,
including all brick, concrete and cement
work, and all necessary excavating and fill-
Ing-. 2 — For the iron work. 3 — For the car-
p«-ntcr, plastering, electric and glazing work.
4 — For the plumbing and gaaStting work. 5 —
For the «team heating and ventilating work,
including- the equipping of the central por-
tion and the east wing of the building there-
with. 6 — For the tinning and galvanized
Iron work. 7 — For the painting and varnlsh-
Injt work. Xo proposal will be considered
unless aeccmDanied by a bond of the pro-
poaer, equal to ten per cent of his proposal,
wltn sufficient sureties, conditioned that if
his orooosul thall be accepted he will duly
>nter into a proper contract and faithfully
perform his or their contract or contracts in
accordance with eaid proposal. Each propo-
sal rr.u.-t. be made on blanks furnifhed far
that Durpcse, and. together with the abov»-
mentici.ed bond, enclosed in a sealed enve-
lope, addressed to the Trustees of the State
Normal School of Sao Diego, California, with '
an indorsement thereon showing what por-
tion of the building is covered by the in-
closed crouosal, and delivered to the Board
cf Tni5teea of the State Normal School of
San Diego at the office of the school in the
Staie Normal School building at San Diego,
California, before 2 o'clock p. m. of August
V 1903. Said proposals will be publicly
opened and contracts ba^ed thereon will be
awarded on August 8. 1903. at 2 o'clock
p. m., at the office of the school in the State
Normal School bulldlug at Pan Diego. Cali-
fornia. The :<!ans. descriptions, bills and
cpecificatioris for said west wing will be
open to public inspection <t**riRg ail business
hours at the office of Hebbar* & Gill, archi-
tects. Grant building. 1038 Fifth et.. Ean
Diego, California, from the date of this no-
ticp to the making of such contracts. The
Beard of Trustees reserves the rlcht to re-
ject any or all proposals made.- State Nor-
mal School of Ran Dieeo. California, by R.
M. POWERS, President Board of Trustees.
Attest: FRED W. PARRISH. Secretary.
Dated at fen Diego, California, this 20th day
of June. VJWl.
CARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Irving M. Wilson. 21.' 2527 Devlaadero street,
and Neille V. Hubbard. 18. 82 Chesley jtreet.
Ricnard B. Gucpy, 27. Oakland. Cal., and
Grace M. Nlnh. 27. 224 Haight street.
Heber C- Randall. 37, 771 Howard street,
and Olive L. Hand. 25. Burlington. Iowa.
John G. Koch. -*'. l."4l Mason street, and
Marg«iretha Jung. 2«t. S22 Battery street.
Newman Cohn. 21, 11IB McAllister street,
a,id Bcrtl-a Lindner, 18, 2126 Pine street.
Isador* Burg. 29. 1*4 Russ etreet, and An-
nie L. P<?rl*tein. 25. 17 Fourth street.
Giovanni RusfI. 24. .") San Antonio place, and
Carmollna. CeliHo. is. S San Antonio place.
Leon Gait-. :;<'. city, and Anna Bathle. 23.
city.
Edward Staff. 2S. M Ryan avenue, and Ida
Sund, r«0 Ryan avenue.
Benjamin Anderson. 30, Vallejo. Cal., and
Elizabeth C. Huber, 23, 121 Thirteenth street.
James Moran, f7. Heattle. Wash., and Brid-
get T. Grimes, 47. city.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, man-laee and death notices by
mall will not be inserted. They muit be handed
in at cither of the oublicatfon offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
CROCKER— In this citj : ..JuIy P, 1903. to the
wife. of A. J. Crocker, a daughter.
GRADY— In this city. July 8, l»O3. to the
wife of Walter M. Grady (nee Coleman), h
daughter.'
LENFESTEV— In this city. June 27, 1903. to
•the wife of W. G. Lenfestey, a son. . -
MARRIED. ~
ADLER— HYMAN— In \ii* city. June 30. 1903,
. by the Rew M. S. I/vy, Joseph Adler and
Esther H>-man. ¦
CAMPBELL— FURBISH— In this city, June
VO. 1903, by th« Rev. H. I. Vosbunrh. Hub-
bard J. Campbell and Lucy A. Furbish, both
of San Fr*ncl«*o. . - , .
COHN— LINDNER— In this* city. July 9. 1903.
by the R— '. M. S. Levy. Newman Cohn and
Bertha Lindner. -~"
FINE— LABLING— In thii city, June 28, 1900.
by the Rev. M. S. Levy. Abe Fine and Ray
Labllng:.
HARRIS*-LEVENE — In thin city. July 6. 1903.
by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Daniel Harris and
Lena Levene. --.
HEDGES— ERDM AN— In this city, July 9,
19OT. by the Rev. Dr. J. T. Wills, Harry K.
Hedge's cf Kan Francisco and Cora S. Erd-.
man of Anaheim. Cat. /
LAZARUS— GOLDBERG— In this city. June
28. 1903. by the" Rev. M. S. Levy.- Sam- Lai-
arus of N>w York and Annie Goldberg of
San Francisco. • » .-..,.
ROSENTHAL— COHEN— In this city. June 2S.
1901, by the Rev. . M. S. Levy, Sam Rosen-
thai and Jennie Cohen.
SCHINKEL- -MYER— In this city. July 7. 1303.
by the Rev. Herbert F. Briggs. Henry G.
Schlnkel and Annie Myer, - both of Sono-
ma. Cal. - *
STRATTON— LEVY— la this city. June 29.
1»I3, by the Rer. M. S. Levy, Jacob Strat-
ton and Tillle Levy. :
_____ _„
Bogan. Charles " Klrby, Maria
Cochrane. William MacKay. Emma G.
Coleston. Samuel H. McCarthy, Daniel
Coughlin. Timothy McRalth. Catherine
Dorcey. John Matheson, Murdoch
Downing. Miriam Mulvlhill. Julia L.
Frawley. Mrs. J. O'Brien. Augustine
Gibson. Dt-Ita Petereen. Lauritz
Grady (infant) Richardson, Albert
Hefceel. Edward C. Sellgman, Wm. Jr.
Hird. Mrs. Jane Stevens. William L-(
Homager, Henry Tritsch, Peter /
Keller, Joseph A. Vitagich. Antone
Kenny, Genevleve Woods, Bridget J.
BOGAN— In San Rafael. July 8, 1903. Charles
Began, beloved husband of 'Margaret Bogan,
uncle of Sarah Bogan and Stella Turner.
•Mrs. A. E. Turner. Mrs. R. A. Chisholm and
Mrs. J. M. Smith, and brother-in-law of J.
A. Goodwin. Mrs. Elizabeth Mullery and C.
Ken-ins, a native of Castlederg, County
Tyrone. Ireland, aged 74 years 2 months and
24 days.
tt_"Fr!ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), from his late residence. North End
Petaluma avenue* San Rafael, at 10 o'clock,
thence to St. Raphael's Church, where a
solemn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at
10:30 o'clock. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery.
COCHRANE— In this city. July S. 1903. Wil-
liam Cochrane, beloved husband of Ann
Cochrane. father of Sarah Cochrane and Mrs.
XV. S. Welder, and brother of Sir Henry and
James Cochrane of Dublin, Ireland, a native
of Dublin, Ireland, aged «2 years.
tT-7"Fi - iei ds and acquaintances are reapect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
( Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lor* of Porter _ White. 122 Eddy street. In-
termenf Holy Cross Cemetery.
COLESTON— In this city. July 8. 1903. Samuel
H.. beloved husband of Sarah Coleston, and
father of Mrs. E. J. Field and William J.,
Sadie, Annie. Henry and Lizzie Coleston, a
native of St. John. N. B., aged 60 years.
(St. John, N. B., papers please copy.)
CXFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 1P00 Church street, thence to St.
Paul's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his s6ul,
commencing at » o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
COUGHLIN— July 1, 1903. Timothy Coughlin.
beloved brother of Jeremiah Couchlln and
1 Mrs. Hannah Hurley, a native of the parish
I . of Kilmichael. County Cork, Ireland. A
member of Longshoremen's Local Union No.
222.
C7*The funeral will take place to-morrow
fSaturday), at 8:15 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor _ Co.. 767 Mission street,
thence to Mission Dolores Church, where a
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of hi* soul at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
DORCEY— In this city", July 9. 1903, John
Dorcey, late of Baden. Ean Mateo County,
a native or County Kilkenny, Ireland, aged
54 years.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy _ Co.. 1233 Market street, thence
to St. Brendan's Church for services. Inter-
ment Koly Cross Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock
train from Third and Townsend streets.
DOWNING— In this city. July 8. 1903, Miriam,
beloved widow of the late Dr. J. L. Down-
ing, mother of Emily and the late Lewis
Cass Downing, and grandmother of Cass B.
Downing, a native of Missouri, aged 73
years.
CTFriends are resoectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral Friday, at 10:30 o'clock,
from the parlors of Porter & White, 122
Eddy street. Interment private. Mount Oli-
vet Cemetery.
FRAWLEY— In this city. July 8. 1903. Mrs.
Johanna, beloved wife of the late Patrick
Frawley, mother of John Frawley, and sister
of the late Thomas McCarthy and Mrs. Mary
O'Connor, a native cf Tralee, County Kerry.
Ireland, ased 70 years.
(C3 r lTlen<!8 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
Carew _ English. 29 Van Ness avenue, thence
to Sacred Heart Church, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. ,
GIBSON — In this city, Ju!y 9, 1903, Delia, be-
loved daughter of the late John and Mary
Gibson, and sister of Joseph and John Gib-
son, Mrs. Annie Covey. Mrs. Mamie Ander-
son and the late Charles Gibson, a native of
San Francisco, aged 30 years.
E7"Fnends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking
Company. 20 Fifth street, thence to St. Jo-
et-ph's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Croas Cemetery.
YOUNG LADIES' INSTITUTE No. 2— You are
hereby notified to attend the funeral of our
deceased sister, Delia Gibson, to-morrow (Sat-
urday), at 9 o'clock, from St. Joseph's
Church. MARY HALTON. President.
MARY DONOVAN. Secretary.
GRADY— In this city. July 8. 1903. Infant
daughter of Walter M. and Kathertne Grady.
HETZEL— In this city. July 9. llKtt. Edward
Charles, belovod husband of Isabelle Hetzel,
a native of Pennsylvania, aged 44 years and
15 days.
HIRD — In this city, July 7, 1903, Mrs. Jane
Hird, a native of Galway, Ireland, aced »7
years.
HOMAGER— In Oakland. July 8, 1903. Henry,
beloved husband of Sarah A. Homager, a
• native of Potmown. Pa., aged C9 years 11
months and 1U days.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday afternoon, July 12, 1903. at 2 o'clock.,
at the A. M. E. Church. Fifteenth street,
near Market, Oakland. Funeral under the
auspices of Occidental Lodge No. 24S4, G.
N. O. O. F.: Oakland Literary Aid Society;
Household of ltuth No. 4j8; Lyon Post No.
8, G. A. R., and Ladles' Relief Corps of
Lyon Post. Interment Mountain View Ceme-
tery. \ %
KELLER— Iii this city. July 9. 1903, Josiph
Anton, beloved husband of Mrs. Mabe.1 Kel-
ler, son of Mrs. E. J. Keller, and brother of
Marie. Lucy and Fanny Keller and Mrs. E.
A. Grigsby of Napa, a native of Napa, Cal.,
aged 25 years 6 months and 16 days.
KENNY— In thla city. July 9, 1903, Genevleve.
dearly beloved daughter of Jerome and Mary
j Kenny, loving sister of Edwin J. and Lau-
rence J. Kenny, a native of San Francisco,
aged 4 months and 22 days.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
', fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of the Barents. 529 Dolores etreet. between
Eighteenth and Nineteenth, thence to elec-
tric funeral car at Eighteenth and' Guerrero
6treets. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KIRBY— In Alameda. July 8, 1903, Maria
Klrby, dearly beloved wife of Rev. John
Klrby. a native of Calne. England, . aged fc5
years 6 months and 21 days.
([..''Friends and Acquaintances are respect-
fully invited' to attend the funeral services
Friday. July 10. 1903. at 2 o'clock, at the
residence, 1532 Willow street. Interment
Evergreen Cemetery.
MacKAY— In this city. July 8, 1903, Emma
Georgia MacKay, beloved wife of William
MacKay, and sister of Emil C. Medau, Mrs..
Dorothea Katz. John E. Medau and the late
Caroline turn Sudan, a native of San - Fran-
. Cisco, aged 31 years 5 months and 21 days.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Saturday), at 2 o'clock, at her
- , late residence. 1B1:« Lyon street, between
Bush and Pine. Interment private. Please
omit flowers.
MCCARTHY — In Tanforan. San Mateo County
suddenly. July \ 1903, Daniel McCarthy,
aged about 33 years.
C7 Remains at the parlors of MeFadden,
McBrearty & Green. 1171 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth.
McRAITH— In this city, July 8. 1903. Cather-
ine, beloved wife of the late John D. Mc-
. Raith, mother of Sister Mary Perboyre, Han-
na V. McRalth. Mrs. W. H. Barry and the
late Jamea McRaith. and sister of Richard
and James Gahagan, a native of the parish
of Buttevant, County Cork, Ireland.
%T Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 1812^4 Post -street, thence to St
Dominic's Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery-
I NEAREST THE CITY j
8 OFFICE: 916 MARKET ST. j
HENRY J. CALL ACHER CO.
(Successors to Flannagan _ Gallagher.) 7
DANIEL P.' DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER9
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School. .
Telephone South .SO.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
Funeral Directors and ' Embalm" rs — —
Formerly In Metropolitan Temple.
Now at>6a MISSION. :,Tel. South 167. :
'. Betweeq Fourth and, Fifth.. Near., Fifth ,St.
Finest, Equipments at Moderate Rates.
MATHESON— In this city. July 8, 1903. Mur-
doch Duncan Matheson. beloved husband of
Fanny L. Matheson. a native of Nova Scotia,
aged 67 years. \.
CrTha funeral will take place to-day
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 470 Frederick ¦ street. Interment pri-
vate.
MULVIHILL— In Oakland. July 9. 1003, Julia
Loretta Mulvlhlll, beloved daughter of, Ed-
"- war* and Margaret MulvihUl.-a.nd ulster oi
Josephine. Margaret and. Eddie Mulvlhlll. a
native of Oakland, , aged J. yp*r 11 months
and 10 days.
¦ E7"FrIendS and acquaintances are respect-
fully • Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
at V) o'clock, from the parents' residence.
&27 Meade avenue. Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery'. Oakland. »_
O'BRIEN— In this city. July 8. 1003, Augustine
Ignatius O'Brien, beloved son of Margaret
and Thomas W. O'Brien, brother of Agnes,
Grace. Amelia, William F.. George and Syl-
1 vecter O' Brien, Mr*. N. Cooper and the late
Thomas : M. O'Brien, uncle of Thomas M.
O'Brien, and brother-in-law of Mrs. Thomas
O'Brien, a native of San Francisco, aged 32
years.
cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1784 Ellis street, thence to Holy Cross
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his eoul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
PETERSEN— In this city. July S. 1903, Lau-
rltz Fetersen. beloved husband of Marie
Peterstn. father of James Petereen. and
brother of J. C. Petersen, a native pf Den-
mark, aged 37 years and 10 days. .A mem-
ber of Golden Gate Lodge No. 49, D. B. : Pre-
eidlo Lodge No. 334, I. O. O. F.. and Ilelga
N8. .1. Dan la. '
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the hall of
Golden Gat« Lodge No. 49. D. B., Alcazar
- building, 120 O'^arrell street, where funeral
Bervlces will be held under the aueplces of
Golden Gate Lodge No.' 49, D. B. Inter-
ment Odd Fellows' Cemetery. Remains at
the parlors of H. P. Petersen & Co.. 22S Mc-
Allister street.
RICHARDSON— In Klngsburg, Fresno County.
July 8, 1903, Albert James, beloved son of
Bridget and the late Clement Richardson,
and brother of Lawrence, George, Walter,
William and Raymond Richardson. Mrs. J.
Mll!erU;k and Mm. F. Welgner. a native of
Fan Francisco, aged 21 years 4 months and
li days. ¦
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 0 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 440 Cortland avenue, thence to St.
John's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commenting at 0:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
SELIGMAN— In this city. July 8, 1003. Wil-
liam Jr. beloved son of William and Dora
'Bellgmari. and loving brother of Alfred and
Florence Sellgman, a native of San • Fran-
cisco aged 15 years 7 months and IS, days.
KV'Frfef'c'.s pnd acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday). July 10, at 1 o'clock, from the par-
lors of II. F. Suhr A Co.. 1137 Mission street,
between Seventh and Eighth. Interment I.
O. O. F. Cemetery. ; ;
STEVENS— In Pasadena. Cal.. July 9." 1903,
William L. Stevens, beloved husband of Jo-
sephine Stevens, and father of, Josephine
Stevens, a native of Scotland, aged 34 years
and 2 months. '
TRITSCH— In this city, July 9, 1903, Peter,
dearly beloved husband of Gertrude Trttseh,
and father of Franx P..L. Trltsch. a native
of Mulhaucen, France, aged 04 years 3
month." and 11 days.
VITAGICH— In the City and County Hospital.
July 9, 1903, Antone Vitagich. a native of
Austria. a«ed-53 years. . . . •
WOODS — In this city. July 8, 1903. Bridget J.,
beloved wife of Daniel Woods, and loving
mother of Mrs. J. Wlnterbothom, a native
of County Leitrim, Ireland, aged 44 years.
ryFritnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday) at S:30 o'clock, from her late resl-
5 dence 35C2 Sixteenth street, thence to Mis-
sion Dolores Church, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.Several notable engagements In the Wasp's
society gossip to-day.. . •
California Sun,' w inf. and : Dust
Cause'- Eye Strain. Granulation and Red
ness.;; Murine Eye Remedy restores; cures
Eye ' Diseases! > soothes tEye '; Pain; - aids
those- wearing.; glasses; .doesn't smart.
Ladies': favorite toilet requisite. 50c, drug
gists' and opticians- s ' ' ; •
The members of the Gentlemen's Sodal
ity will meet at their hall on Hayes stre'et
next Sunday morning before the 7:30
o'clock-mass. They will march In a body
to St. Ignatius Ctturch'and will receive
communion at that mass.
Will . Receive Communion.
-Harry Jackson was held to.; answer be
fore the Superior Court - by Police Judge
Conlan- yesterday on a charge -of robbery
in $3000 bonds, v On the ' morning of June
28. Jackson and a man who made his es
cape" held up Charles E. Hallenqulst 5 of
560 Howard street at Fourth and Minna
streets . and robbed him of a ' purse con
taining $5 70 and a gold ring, which: was
found*. in Jackson's possession when ar
rested/ ¦ • , :
Held on' Bobbery Charge.
The Democrats of. the Thirty-ninth Dis
trict held a biff rally at Park View Hall,
Ninth avenue and H street, last night.
The meeting was well attended and
speeches were ..delivered by many promi
nent ' Democratic orators. The following
speakers made short addresses: John P.
Qulgley. "William C. Mahoney. Julian
Frankel. A. "W. "Wehe. Patrick Cullen A
J. taveler. >H. C. "Wllber and Felix Mc-
Hugh.
Democrats Hold a Bally.
j Gas Explosion.
* On the* evening of June 30 a .fire was
caused by the explosion of gas at the
suit. and skirt factory 523, Market street.
The large stock of goods, slightly dam
aged by smoke and water, was purchased
by C. Curtin, 911" and 913 Market street,
and will be placed' on sale -this, -morning
at 9 ' o'clock. Some very great bargains
will be offered in £ the various ' depart
ments. •- ¦ ¦ ¦. '-.,."¦¦¦ • ' •
A resolution was carried directing the
president to appoint an executive commit
tee of twenty-one— one from each precinct
in the -district— to be announced at the
next regular meeting. . , .
Speeches were made hy Major Bettis,
Dr.. John Leffler, Robert E. Cannell and
others.
A well attended meeting of Independent
Republicans of the Forty-fourth Assem
bly District was held at the California
Hotel- last evening. After a general dis
cussion, denunciatory of the methods em
ployed by the bosses in their efforts to
manipulate and control the politics of the
city, it was decided to organize a strictly
anti-boss, home-rule club, and the follow
ing officers were elected: President, Major
Frank Bettls; first vice president, Dr.
John Leffler; second vice president. W.
L. Cowles; secretary, Robert E. Cannell;
treasurer. Dr. Charles Bailey.
Independent Republicans Organize.
Mrs. Dr. Sherwood, who was In com
pany with Mrs. H. M.- Ford of Oakland,
was the most seriously Injured. The
women were seated In the forward part
of the Mission-street car when the ac
cident occurred. Mrs. Dr. Sherwood was
thrown to the pavement so violently that
she became unconscious. Witnesses pick
ed'her up and carried her into' E. Hap
persberger's drug # store at Sixth and'Mis
sion streets, where' she was revived and
later driven to her home at 215B Valencia
street.where she now, lies, suffering from
spinal and possibly- internal, injuries.
A "number of other occupants of the
cars suffered from severe cuts and
bruises.
-As they were not under: fast headway
many of the passengers saw the impend
ing danger and Jumped before the colli
sion, thus avoiding being thrown -from
their seats. Those that remained, sea ted
received a serious shaking up and many
were thrown from *their neats Into the
streets. L . , v ./..'. • ,; •;
There was a street car collision at the
crossing of Sixth and Mission streets last
night. Despite the new rule that cars
are to be brought to a stop before cross
ing tracks, the Mission and the Sixth
street cars involved in this collision start
ed simultaneously, with disastrous results.
The accident was at 8:15 p. m.,' and Mrs.
Dr. Sherwood of 215B Valencia street was
thrown from the dummy of the Mission
street car and seriously injured. She was
accompanied by a nurse, ¦ having Just re
covered from . an illness. She had been
out to get the fresh air. .
At tha moment' of the accident both
cars were carrying many j passengers, a
number of whom were on the dummies.
The cars reached Mission and Sixth
streets at the same' moment. Mission car
No. 1138 and Sixth-street car No. 1116 stop
ped before crossing the respective streets
and," without a signal, both cars started
to cross at the same time.' As a result
they crashed together at the crossing, the
Mission-street car striking : .the Sixth
street car about the center. " ; • .,
Crossing at Sixth and
Mission Scene of '
Accident.
Charitable Society Meets.
At the regular monthly meeting of the
Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Children, held yesterday. James War
nick, Colonel E. A. Denlcke and O. H.
Grtenewald were unanimously elected
members. Secretary White reported that
during the month of June 243 children
were Involved In the society's Investiga
tions. Of these 104 were afforded relief in
some form. Sixteen were placed In Insti
tutions and eight In families.
Lo» Angeles claims to have a greater
etretcn of attractive ocean beach In its
vicinity than any other American city.
Did a big Job for S. P. Co. They like our way
cf printing and bln(5ing.MyBelI-Rollins,22 CUy.»
In his speech Colonel Eddy urged his
listeners to sign Martin Kelly's petition
for a nominating convention and scourged
the county committee as a defunct or
ganization, whose members had illegally
demanded recognition for the party on
the county ticket.
The. election of officers resulted in the
choice of N.'H. Burnham as president;
W. H. Nolan and Thomas Bryant, vice
presidents; C. R. Franklin, secretary;
Martin Kelly, treasurer; James F. Loony,
sergeant at arms.
The Martin Kelly faction of the Re
publican party in the Twenty-eighth As
sembly District met last night at 246 Third
street to organize a club and formulate
plans for the promulgation of its propa
ganda. Kelly was present to look after
his interests and Colonel T. V. Eddy, a
well-known campaign speaker, delivered
an address.
Gathering Is Addressed by Colonel
T. V. Eddy, Who Urges
Petition.
MARTIN KELLY'S FACTION
MEETS IN TWENTY-EIOHTH
It is wonderful how the crowd has
gathered at Kelly & Llebes' great re
moval sale. Yet It need not surprise any
body. The fine suits and cloaks are actu
ally almost given away. There Is no need
of mentioning the reductions; every arti
cle In the house is reduced and must be
sold before going in the new building. •
A Great Gathering'.
ELECTRIC CARS
IN COLLISION
You see, we buy great quantities of empty
shotgun shells from the East and load them
here by machinery. It sometimes chances
Just what caused the explosion will
probably never be known, but it Is pretty
well' accounted for by John Bermingham
Jr., superintendent of the works and son
of the president of the powder company.
His theory is that the. accidental dis
charge of a percussion cap caused the
calamity. This precussion cap ignited a
small portion of powder and this instant
ly communicated to the powder in the
other, parts of the building, causing the
explosion and subsequent tragedy. Mr.
Bermingham said:
GIVES PROBABLE CAUSE.
tors at the hospital said last night that
Miss Mag'uire was getting along well,
but they would not say that she would
recover. The men will survive.
THE INJURED:
Sadie Maguire,
Clyde Berryman,
Joseph de Mello,
Leo Kincannon.
THE DEAD:
Miss Mary Woods.
SCENE OF THE EXPLOSION
AT PINOLE AND TWO VIC
TIMS.
One by one the victims were dragged
out of the debris. Miss Maguire was
pinioned beneath a pile of splinters and
boards. Her skull was fractured and her
back gashed and seriously hurt, De Mel
lo was badly powder burned about the
face and body, and Berryman. besides
being burned about the body, had his nose
broken. Kincannon was only slightly
powder burned.
The wounded were all carried on im
provised stretchers to their respective
homes, where they received temporary
treatment from local physicians. They
were then removed to Lane's Hospital in
this city for further treatment. The doc-
Miss Woods was the first to be
taken from the wreck. She ,was
still alive, but a great wound in her
breast showed that she could not sur
vive. She was borne toward her home on
a stretcher, but died before her friends
could carry her beyond the scene of the
fatality.
phe is not known, but it came
without warning and left death and suf
fering where but a moment before was
the hum of industry. An ambitious
school girl's life was ended i^n a twinkling
and another girl from the same town now
lies maimed on a bed of pain. They were
trying to earn pin money during vacation.
Their names are Mary Woods, the dead,
and Mary Maguire, the maimed.
Mary Woods, a young girl engaged in
loading shells, was killed in a dreadful
manner. Mary Maguire was so seriously
hurt that she may die. and thre^ men
were frightfully burned. They are Jos
eph de Mello, Clyde O. Berryman and !•.
C. Kincannon. all of whom worked in the
cartridge plant, the scene of the disaster.
The cartridge plant occupies a position
apart from the other buildings at the
powder works. It was a wooden build
ing, partly reinforced on the outside by
corrugated iron. The structure was com
pletely shattered by the explosion, which
hurled down upon Its helpless victims
tons of heavy timbers and machinery.
The accident occurred just after 9
o'clock and it required an hour of hard
work by willing hands to fxtricate the
victims. Workmen and townspeople^ —
some of whom had relatives among these
working people^ — ¦were attracted by> the
ominous rumble and they hurried to the
scene to offer assistance.
BODY TAKEN FROM WRECK.
A HUNDRED pounds of powder ex
ploded yesterday morning at the
California Powder Works, Pinole.
The exact cause of the catastro-
. Miss Maguire is also of. Elmira, where
she lived with her' mother. She is 17
years old. Berryman and- De-'Mello are
recently froni Santa Cruz; ..having been
employes of the powder works there.
Kincannon is a' San Franciscan.
The loss to the powder company will
amount to $5000. The -cartridge factory
must be entirely rebuilt and the machin
ery replaced. . The entire plant .was re
cently enlarged by the transfer of a por
tion of the Santa Cruz plant and ma
chinery to Pinole. .As the cartridge plant
is ' isolated, however, j there was no dam
age to the other buildings. .
A gang of line repairers for the West
ern Union Telegraph Company working
in front of the powder plant under their
foreman, F. C.TVIcColley, had as much
as they could do to . dodge the splinters
that came flying at them. The men were
at the^top of the telegraph poles at the
time and were nearly blown from their
perches. ' They were the first Ao" render
aid to the sufferers.
Miss Woods had been worklng.at the
powder works for three weeks. Her home
Is In Elmlra with; her '.parents, \Mr. and
Mrs. J. A. Woods. She was-a student at
the Elmira' High School and had intended
to work at the powder .works during the
summer months. She was 16 years old
and a native of Elmira..
Clarence Sylvester can thank his stars
that he was not killed outright. He was
standing in the doorway of the factory
meditating as to what he should do next.
He was the nearest person to the biggest
powder hopper, and was about to tur,n
toward it when It went up in smoke. He
was thrown out of the door some dis
tance, but landed safely."
James Athe was also lucky,' for he was
standing on the stairs between the first
and second floors. ,J3elng between the two
explosions he escaped the full force of
both and lives to tell the tale. ,
LINEMEN RENDER ASSISTANCE.
There were several narrow escapes. The
most remarkable was that of Miss Jessie
Merritt, a 13-year-old girl. She had been
assisting Miss Woods to load shells at
one of the machines, but was called to
another machine by Foreman Berryman
just before the explosion. She had barely
changed her place when there came a
great deafening sound, followed by the
falling of broken walls. Out of all this
Miss Merritt came without a scratch.
"But it hasn't geared me a bit," Miss
Merritt said In relating her story. "I am
perfectly willing to go back and work
there and take my chances."
SEVERAL NARROW ESCAPES,
There was in the main hopper at the time
half a barrel of black sporting powder, equal
to about 100 pounds. One machine was load
ing smokeless powder and the other two were
loading black powder into shells. The smoke
less powder simply burned slowly, but the
black exploded up and down etairs almost sim
ultaneously. .
that in packing these a nail finds Its •way into
one of the shells. It. occupies the space that
should bo occupied by the percussion cap,
and when two things are trying to occupy the
same space .at the same time something
usually happens.
That is what probably occurred this morn
ng. Probably a nail was sticking; nut of one
of the shells and the macTilne forced the per
cussion cap against it. An explosion of the
cap of course followed and ignited the. powder
that was draining from the hopper above into
the shells that were being loaded by the
workers. It then exploded upward through
the hopper and pipe to the main hopper up
stairs.
The peddler was going along Mission
street and when he reached the corner ot
Third he was surprised to see McAvoy
leap on the back of his horse and start
the animal on a mad run along the street.
He called for help . and the louder ha
called the harder McAvoy urged the
frightened steed along till the animal was
going at a high rate of speed.
A large crowd gathered on the sidewalks
and seemed to enjoy the novel sight im
mensely. Several gave chase, but the
horse increased his speed and was in a
fair way to escape when a police of
ficer ran out to the middle of the street,
stopped the horse and took McAvoy to
the Emergency Hospital.
William McAvoy, apparently suffering
from the temporary loss of his senses,
created quite a sensation at the corner of
Third and Mission streets yesterday after
noon by jumping to the back of an Ital
ian fruit peddler's horse and startling the
animal so that It dashed through the
streets. He was finally captuYed and
locked up in the insane ward of the Emer
gency Hospital to await examination as
to his sanity.
William McAvoy Takes a Free Ride
on Italian Peddler's
Steed.
INSANE MAN JUMPS
ON BACK OF HORSE
Felix "Westenberg, a stevedore' residing
at 1512 York street. ' fell into the hold of
the steamer City of Peking last night .and
suffered a laceration of the face and
scalp, probably a fracture of the skull.
He was removed to the -Emergency Hospi
tal, where he now lies in a critical condi
tion. ,.;.
Stevedore Is Badly Injuted.
this year's prices will rule lower than
last season's. The rate of freight to New-
York from Alicante via Liverpool is 50
shillings per tons of 2000 pounds net, and
via Genoa 40 shillings.
Alexander Weingartner. United States
Consul at Catania, Italy, reporting on the
almond crop, states that the conditions
and prospects are much more favora-ble
than last year and that the crop will not
fall short of an average one. The crop
Is estimated at 60,000 bags of 100 kilos
(220.46 pounds), or 13,227.600 poonds shelled.
Present prices per 100 kilo* shelled.f. o.
b., Catania, are as follows:
Prompt— Palma-Glrgentl, 161 lire; Palma
genuine, 166; Aderno, 166; Catania, select
ed, 174: Avola, selected, 190; Avola, cur
rents, 173.
September and October delivery— Palma-
Glrgenti, 152.50 lire; Palma genuine, 158;
Aderno. 158; Catania, selected, 165; Avola,
selected, 1S8; Avola, currents, 163.
A lire is .valued at 19.3 cents United
States gold.
An examination of the house showed
that a bed had been ripped open, also
the pillows, and the feathers were scat
tered all over the room. The drawers of
the bureau were pulled out and their con
tents strewn upon the floor. Pictures
were torn from the walls and carpets
were taken up in many places.
Mrs. Hughe? was prostrated by the
shock. She Aas tenderly cared for by
neighbors and put to bed. She suffered
bruises and cuts and is also suffering
from an aggravation of the injuries she
received in the street car accident. Mrs.
Hughes was unable to describe her assail
ant. She says she only saw one man,
but her head was covered before she
could get a look at him.
Police Officer McGovern has been de
tailed on the case and is making a care
ful investigation. The trio gained en
trance to the house from the rear. They
were evidently familiar with the interior
and the habits of the occupants, as ihey
selected a time when the helpless wo
man was alone. The husband is a brick
layer. He has informed the police that
he suspects a certain individual and a
sharp lookout is being kept for him. Mr.
Hughes says no one but himself and v/ife
and a. few relatives knew that his wife
had received a sum of money from tne
railroad.
The robbery occurred shortly after
coon. Mrs. Hughes was painfully mak
ing her way from her room to the dining
room with ih<? aid of crutches. Her littl-j
girl was playing outside the door. The
neighborhood is thickly populated and
she never dreamed of aanger. Suddenly
she was roughiy seized from behind and
thrown to tne floor. Her apron was
thrown over her head and her cries
tmothered by her brutal assailant. T.he
robber grasped the feeble woman by the
throat and forced her head against the
floor with great force. She was momen
tarily stunned and the man forced her
apron into her mouth as a gag. He still
held her down and searched her pockets.
In doing so he lore her dress in many
places. He ripped open the /bosom of her
waist and found ?15 in a purse.
Mrs. Hughes recovered sufficiently to
cry for help. She heard the other men
tearing up the carpets, throwing down
the bed and bureau and knocking the
chairs around in a vain search for the
money they believed was hidden in the
house. Mrs. Hughes' cries attracted the
attention of her eleven-year-old daughter
and as soon as she discovered her mother
was in danger the little one aroused the
neighbornood. Assistance" came too latt,
however, as the bold thieves made their
escape.
Believing she had a large sum of money
hidden in the house, three burglars en
tered the home of Mrs. Bridget Hughes,
314 Gough street, yesterday afternoon and
treated her in a brutal nunnei. The bold
trio were only able to secure $15, which
was snatched from the dress of their
helpless victim.
The robbery was a particularly daring
one. Mrs. Hughes was alone in her
house, being confined there through in
juries she received in the street car colli
sion between a Fillmore street electric
car and a ilaJght street cable car on Ala/
'M. She had received a large sum from
the railroad company as a compromise of
her claim, and, fortunately for her, she
had placed the money in a savings
bank. The robbers believed she had tne
money hidden la the house, and in th*ir
eearch tor it played havoc witn the fur
nishings.
H. W. Carey, United States Vice Consul
at Alicante, Spain, reports that the
almond crop In his district promises to
be abundant and the quality, he under
stands, is good. It is calculated that
more than double of last year's crop will
be collected. The planting of almond
trees is yearly largely increased in all
the almond growing districts of the pro
vince. Consul Carey reports that some
40,000 to 50,000 bales may be roughly cal
culated as this year's coming crop. Prices
will not be fixed until the middle of
August, when the first kernels are
brought to market. It Is thought that
ALMONDS IN ABUNDANCE.
The freight to New York via Liverpool
is 35 shillings per ton, plus 10 per cent
primage. The 10 per cent primage is re
turned at the end of the season to ship
pers who have not made any shipments
by direct steamers.
Consul I^ane's report also shows that
last year's prices for August and to the
end of October ruled as follows: Finest
Sultanas, 41 to 42 shillings per cwt. of 112
pounds; fine Sultanas, 38 to 40 shillings
per cwt.; good Sultanas, 2S to 30 shillings
per cwt.
From November 1 prices gradualy de
clined to the present, as follows: Finest
Sultanas, 34 to 40 shillings -per cwt.; fine
Sultanas,. 31 to 33 shillings, and good Sul
tanas, 26 to 27 shillings per cwt.
The report further states that it may
reasonably be expected that prices for
the coming season will bo lower than last
season.
The crop of Sultana raisins is considered
good, exceeding the average by 25 per
cent. Red and black raisins show a good
average. Last year's actual stock in the
hands of dealers amounts to: Sultana,
about -u0 tons; black raisins, 1600 tons, and
red, nil.
RAISIN CROP IS GOOD.
The grapes, reports Tourgee. not hav
ing blossomed, put out with unexpected
vigor, and a third of a crop may, at least,
be expected.
Rufus W. Lane. United States Consul at
Smyrna, reports that the prospects to
June 3 for 1903 show Sultana raisins aggre
gating 39,000 tons, black 16,000 tons and
red 11,000 tons, as against the crop of 1902
which yielded 33,000 tons of Sultanas. 15,
000 tons of black and 10,000 tons of red.
The Consul reports that there, is every
prospect of an ordinary crop of walnuts,
though it is too early, he says, to decide
with accuracy, though all reports agree
with his observations.
There is little likelihood, if any possibil
ity, the Consul states, that the prune crop
of the region under consideration for 1903
will exceed one-half of last yeaV's, which
was about one-tenth of an ordinary crop.
He says that owing to last year's short
crop there are practically no prunes in
stock, except what are left over of Im
portations from California last year.
The State Horticultural Commissioners
have issued an important and interesting
bulletin showing the present condition of
the foreign almond, prune, walnut, grape
and raisin crops and prospects for the
coming season, compiled from reports re
ceived from the United States Consuls at
Smyrna, Turkey, Catania/ Italy; Alicante,
Spain, and Bordeaux, France.
Albion W. Tourgee. United States Con
sul at Bordeaux, France, reports on the
condition of the prune and walnut crop3
of Southwest France.
Trio of Burglars Boldly Ran
sack a House in
Daytime.
Consuls Send Reports Anent
Foreign Horticultural
Prospects.
Mrs. Bridget Hughes Is
Roughly Handled
by. Thieves.
May Have to Depend
Upon California for
Her Supply.
FRANCE SUFFERS
PRUNE FAMINE
HELPLESS WOMAN
CRUELLY BEATEN
HEAVY EXPLOSION AT THE CALIFORNIA POWDER WORKS AT PINOLE . S
KILLS YOUNG GIRL, WOUNDS ANOTHER AND THREE WORKINGMEN
THE SAN FEANCISCO'CALL. FRIDAY, JULY 10, 1903.
AUGUSTA. Me.. July 0.— There Is little
change in the condition of Mrs. James G.
Blalne. She may live several days.
Miss Mary Woods
Meets a Tragic
Death.
Cartridge Factory Is
Rendered Total
Wreck.
* : ! : *
14
ADVEBTISEMEUTS.
CUTICURA SOAP
The World's Greatest
Skin Soap.
The World's Sweetest
Toilet Soap.
Sale Greater Than tie WorM's Proffnct
of Other Stln Soaps
Sold Wherever Civilization Has
Penetrated.
Millions of the world's best people •
use Cuticura Soap, assisted by Cuticura .
Ointment, tha great' skin care, for pre-
serving, purifying and beautifying the
skin, for cleansing the scalp of crusts,
scales and dandruff, and the stopping of
falling hair, for softening, whitening
and soothing red, rough and sore hands,
for baby rashes, ltchings and cha tings,
for annoying Irritations, or too free or
offensive perspiration, for nicer ative
weaknesses, and many sanative, anti-
septic purposes which readily suggest
themselves to women, especially moth- ,
era, as well as for all the purposes of j
the toilet, bath and nursery.
Cuticura Soap combines delicate
emollient properties derived from Cuti-
cura, the great skin cure, with the pur-
est of cleansing ineredlents and the
most refreshing of flower odours. No
other medicated soap ever compounded :
Is to be compared with It for preserv-
ing, purifying and beautifying the skin,
scalp, hair, and hands. No other for-
eign or domestic toilet soap, however
expensive, is to be compared with it for
all the purposes of the toilet, bath and
nursery. Thus it combines in one soap
at one price the most effective skin and
complexion soap, and the purest and
sweetest toilet, bath and' nursery soap
ever compounded.
¦' 8old throuthout th* world.*' Cntletm lteiolTent. SPe.
fln form of ChocoUt* Coated PiIU, M«. per »U1 of 00),
' Ointment, We., 8o«n. 25c. Depots i London, 37 Chirtar-
houitSq.i Paris, <Ko*de Is P*iz i Boiton. 1ST Columbus
At*. ' Potter Drug ft Chem. Corp.. tfoUPrope. ¦ - — -- >
. jar- Stud tor - All About th* Skin, Scalp and Hair."
AD VEBTISEMENTS^^^^^^^_
Dollar=Saving
Buying your clothing here
means the best value for the
least money— the choice of a
great assortment of fine gar-
ments — best kinds — latest
styles— newest fabrics— made
and cut right— and at our prices
you get^ better goods at less
money than you usually pay
for the poorest. We leave for
514-516-518 Market street in
a few days. Our stock is
going now. Come down and
see our Fine Clothing for Man,
Boy and Child.
It Costs Nothing to Look,
and You Save Money to Buy.
Open till. 9:30 Saturday Night.
Mill to Man,
BROWN BROS. SCO.,
121-123 Sansome Street,
Wholesale Clothiers, Retailing Direct to You.
rttluL KLLPUbllUjMo I
STOCK REDUCTIONS
and we must reduce our large stock of shoe*— -^ Wf'0y/M$jfiA
they're z\\ in the b:st SELLING SUMMER STYLES- W\WMM&w\
that's why hundreds a: e pleased to participate in our •
CLEARANCE SALE s*3Mm§k
ME.N"« VEAL I.ACE. wide rxtfn»ion (^^^/J//. /^0^^^
*o\*. full round toe and tip ?2.30 A^^^w//y'/y4^^ i^^^
An assorted Jot of LADIES 1 KID LACE l^^^iWJi/ / 0^^^^^a
SHOES, extension soles, reg. value ¦ yj^^^^^^B^Sit^gS^^Sf
CHILD'S KID BUTTON eprir.g hefl. jgiy Jfifflsy JJm3T^&&^*
patent leather tip. sizes 4 to 8 7O« .Mti^j^wqfW' /'F$3?
LITTLE GENT'S PATIN calf J *oM~4&&*&S>%&&tt
lace, with tlj> and extension
A/Wl 0 /04- 1 10 GEARY5I
ADVERTISEMENTS.
San Francisco,Cal.,July 8,
1903. — By instructions of
the Board of , Underwriters, '¦
zve are selling at our store,
Market and Tenth streets, .
recently damaged by fire, our
entire stock of robes and
blankets damaged by zvater
and smoke; also stock of ve-
hicles on 3d and 4th floors of j
the building, these last being
only slightly damaged by
smoke and zvater.
Price is not the object of
this sale, the desire being to
clean out the building as soon
as possible.- '
Rros. Company
Market and Tenth Streets.
mony |
¦t In its de<»p s<iuar»-ed?eci writing !|
"} bed. simply carved drawer pulls j.
M and splendid array of filing spaces. i'|
'.'_ the desk hers shown is typical of ;
S "Y and E" design and construe- i
v tlon. This desk is known as No. V
-i .1521 and its price is s
% . «73.2S- I
I. Bear In mind, moreover, that we }i
I carry aa complete and handsome a s
v line of desks as you can find In *
;> New York City, •mbracinr mor<» '
i than 78 styles at prices ranging .'
Z from $15 to $200. Will you not ~
!v call and examine? 1.
;"; Yawm&n ft Erba Mf g. Co. ¦ ¦'.
£ 635-639 Mission St. >
Phone Mala 179a ;
CURES ALL EYE DISEASES. V^ AtrSr
INFIAMEO EYES.SCAUS ON U08jK^_' £5^
GRANULATION ETC '¦*"*» B?
California sunlight, strong winds and alkali
dust cause eye trouble. Little troubles grow.
Murine is a favorite toilet requisite, restores a
fad«i eye to natural brilliancy, doesn't -smart,
soothes eye pain.
The laboratories of the Murine Eye Remedy
Co.. Chicago., are the largest In the world pro-
ducing an exclusive line of eye remedies.
Sold by Druggists and Opticians
n-~ t —^jjj xi. b^l *•*•'*-* "g"^y, ' i ' ' u j;"* > j" *n
HeiiMVt Ointment accomplishes actoo-
lahlng cures of skin diseases, after tie most
powerful internal remedies bare failed.
After bathing the part with Heit/etlt't Socp
use Jleuietl'M Ointment and it will quickly
remore all Blotched. Pimple?. .Eruptions
¦ and Sores. Cures Tetter. Kryslpelas. Salt
Ith'um. Rcald Head, itch, Kingworma.
¦ Ulcers, Pl!f s, Earters Itcfc : relieves and ?
heals Burns and t-cal.5s. Makes the sila
soft and beautiful. Prescribed by phy-
stcians for half acentnrv. At druggists 50c.
Send for free bocA of testimonials.
J0H5ST03, BOIXOWAT A 10., Phll»d*lphl«.
#% B Hfln Be(ls - ChaJ -». Stoves, etc.
|1 B* H H I 1 " r>nts fnr rent and r °r »le
9 11 Bill W* Guns - R12ea - F » st »'n* Tackl»
I 3|M1 i fill and Sporting Gooda. Send
unit II a^sg^ sssx x
and 02* Kearwr si.--