VOLUME XC1V— NO. 179.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, NOYEMBER 26; 1903.
It was several minutes later before
the two women recovered sufficiently
from their fright to fully realize the
situation, and then they quickly turned
to the unfortunate victim, who was
lying on the floor, apparently in a life
less state.* Their first thought was for
Major -McClung's comfort, and a hur
ried summons for medical assistance
was responded to . by Dr. George, vF.
Shlels, a resident of the hotel. A quick
examination of the major's wound,
which was at the lower . end of the
breastbone, satisfied the surgeon that
the cas« was serious, and at his sug
gestion an ambulance was telephoned
for and the injured man. was hastily
conveyed. to the Waldeck Sanatorium.
Strangely the tragedy did hot be
come known to the other guests and
,the management , of the Palace until
the hospital stewards, bearing the body
of i McClung," quietly carried : It .on' a
stretcher down the New Montgomery
street side of ,the i hotel and placed It in
the ambulance awaiting them on Jessie
street." It was then J that . the. assistant
manager of the hotel Instituted.an^nj
vestlgatlon and,*faillng to glean a sat :
Isfactory - explanation of. the 'affair,
promptly " summoned the, police, who
took I charge of ' the ¦ case. One of. the
first «' moves "(jnade was to obtain from
McClung ; at :< the .Waldeck hospital . a
statement -of •_ the shooting and' the
name i of .the ' man who was : guilty of
the > v murderous assault! Then ; the
search' for : Garnett was begun, . but up
to an* early hour* this morning "the, de-
ter 5 o'clock in the apartments of Mrs.
Colt on the third floor 'of the Palace
Hotel and was .witnessed by the fright
ened lady- and her maid. Immediately
after the affair Garnett hurried from
the scene of the shooting and . slipping
out of the hotel made his escape in the
darkness of the evening, which was
rapidly enshrouding the city.
SURGEON ARRIVES.
Continued on Page 2, Column 1.
Tug. Tyee Has ". the. Meteor in Tow. ¦
SEATTLE,- Nov. v; 25.— The .; disabled
steamship ' Meteor ..will probably ¦ reach
this port ' in j to w „* of - : the i; tug . Tyee from
Dutch Harbor ! during * the , first we ek
in December.'— The. Tyee -will: bring the
disabled ': : vessel » by. t way of the ' Inside
jsaesake. ' a distance ', of 3000 : railes. ; -:
MILTON. Nov. 25— The Royal Consolld
* k\rt minrs have decided to close their
minps at Hodson, Calavwas County. This
action vrdl throw ;«o mt'n out of employ
ment. Tho miners recently formed a*
union ar.<3 had presented demands to the
company which the latter felt unable to
conu.:jr irfUj. . .
Royal Mines to Close.
CONSTANTINOPLE. Nov.- 25.— The
Austrian- and Russian Embassadors
here have . received the reply of the
Porte to the Macedonian reform pro
posals of the powers, accepting in prin
ciple iall of the. nine points of the re
form scheme.
The acceptance is qualified by the
reservation. that in the application of
the reform scheme everything . calcu
lated! to humiliate, Turkey shall be
avoided. The Turkish" reply .Has* ¦ pro
duced a "good impression in diplomatic
circles.' ' . j " - — — >^-i\-i
Porte Accepts All the Points in Pro
posed Reform Scheme fon
Macedonia.
TURKEY'S ANSWER IS
PLEASING TO POWERS
NEVADA CITY, Nov. 25.— Peter Mc-
Auslan began suit in the Superior
Court t to-day • against C. J. Schuester,
Joseph Schuester, . La Vinia Schuester,
t C. Haible, | E. ; J. \ Gautier, George W.
Darby, J. A. Reed, F. Hammer Jr., F.
J. Castlehun and the Grizzly Ridge
Mining Company, operating near Co
lumbia Hill,, to recover the sum • of
$7C50, the balance alleged to be due on
51,000 shares ' of stock which he claims
to have sold the defendants in 1893 at
30 cents a share, on (which' he alleges
they;have. "paid; him; but half the pur
chase price.; ' ' , . - V
Sue to Recover on Stock Deal.
GLENS FALLS. N. j Y.. j Nov. 25.-The
superintendent of the International Paper
Mills at South Glens Falls and Fort Ed
ward received orders to shut down the
mills until further orders. It is stated
that all the ' mills '. In* the combination,
twenty-eight In number, will be shut
down until next Wednesday. Overproduc
tion is given aa the cause.
Paper Kills Shut Down.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 25. — Sir Henry
MortJrwr J>urand. the new British Em
bassador. who will arrive In New York
on Saturday. j s expected to come at
once to Washington, and his first work
uill be the urpingvot the protest of the
British bondholders, which already has
been informayy lodged against the hes
itancy of the Pr^iama government to re
rume a pro-rata Bhare^f the Colombian
debt. K
First Duty of Durand.
PARIS. Nov. 25.— The French Foreign
Office has received notice from Colom
bia, through her representatives here,
that she will submit a protest against
the action of the United States In con
nection with Panama. No action fa
vnrable to Colombia will be taken by
the French Government. Senor Pa
sado, the Colombian Consul here, in
an .interview to-day said that if the
mission of General Reyes to Washing
ton failed to secure a settlement hon
orable to- Colombia he was certain Co
if >mbia would 'strenuously defend her
independence. Other members of the
Colombian colony here say that Co
lombia intends t<i fight to the last ex
treme. One hundred thousand men,
well armpd and equipped, they assert,
Trtll b* put into, the field. ,
WILL PROTEST TO FRANCE.
Colombia Looks in Vain to Paris
Government for Support.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 25,-Because H.
T. Hays failed within the limit allowed
him to make good the transfer of
$12,000, which he gave to secure the
Salt Lake Railroad Company for money
he is said to have secured by question
able means while acting as their, con
fidential agent, an , attachment suit
tying up his property was, filed in the
United States District Court to-day.
Fearing that Hays would transfer his
property the company placed a special
train at ; the disposal of the United
States Marshal and a deputy went at
once to' Riverside and served the
papers. When Hays' grafting was dis
covered he executed a deed to the
company and agreed to deliver it to a
trustee mutually agreed upon. Since
then Hays has delayed the delivery of
the deed, and until delivery it was," of
course, not binding. \ The suit was the
result. The suit was filed in the United
States court ! because the 'Salt Lake
Railroad Company . is organized under
the laws. of Utah.
Commences Action in the Federal
Court and Ties Up AH His
. Property.
SALT LAKE RAILROAD
FILES SUIT AGAINST HAYS
There are now 500 more men em
ployed on the yard than ever before
end many of these are kept at work
until late hours at night. Especial ef
fort has been made to get the cruiser
Olyrnpia, which is to serve as Admiral
Courhlan-s flag ship in Panama waters
ready for sea at the earliest possible
date and several colliers at the yard
also are being rushed. ~ *
NORFOLK, Va.,;Nov. 25.-Not since
the days of the Spanish-American War
has so much actixity been observable
Bt the Norfolk Navy Yard. Almost
daily, as rumors of war and political
disturbances arrive from Panama. Co
lombia and Santo Domingo, work is
rushed with Increased vigor.
Ecene at Navy Yard Is Like One in
Time of War:
ACTIVITY AT NORFOLK.
CHICAGO. Nov. 25.— Although a ba
sis of settlement of the strike of the
employes of the Chicago City Railway
Company was decided upon at 1:30
o'clock this morning and the agreement
was ratified by the men a few hours
later, not a single car is in service on
the entire system to-night. The only
cars operated to-day were manned by
non-union crews and "the same condi
tions have prevailed since the institu
tion- of the strike a week ago S last
Thursday.
For'; some unexplained reason the
management of theChicago City Rail
way was not officially notified until to
night that the strike had been 'declared
off. While the men were. ratifying the
agreement decided upon early, this
morning, by which the men ¦ were to
return to work, the company continued
to operate its cars under police pro
tection on the five branch lines that
had been opened for traffic since the
beginning of the strike, and as no offi
cial notice of the cessation of hostili
ties had been received by the officials
of the road at 5 o'clock to-night, the
usual time of abandoning the service
since the trouble began, arrangements
were made for the cars to run to-mor
row, guarded by the police. To-night,
however. Assistant Chief of Police
Schuettler, who has had charge of the
police: who have been guarding the
cars, was notified that his services and
those J of his men would no longer be
required, as word had been received by
Manager McCullough from President
Mahon of the strikers' union that the
strikehad been declared off.
-" The^trainmen have been ordered to
return for duty at 4 o'clock to-morrow
morning. The electric linemen, firemen
and engineers, cable splicers and coal
teamsters returned to work to : nlght
and to-jnorrbw the road will be ope
rated under normal conditions. \
President Mahon of "the national or
ganization of street car men to-night
wired Congressman Livernash of San
Francisco, asking him to represent the
employes of the Chicago City Railway
Company in arbitrating the wage scale.
Peace Is Restored on
the-Streets-bf^.
Chicagq.
COMMANDER OF MOUNTAIN
MILITIA AND A CHICAGO
LABOR LEADER.
Life of the Governor
of Colorado Is
Threatened.
There seems no escape from Congres
sional investigation into the armor
plate bids, it is said. The agreement
between Louis Nixon and Daniel Le
Roy Dresser in behalf of the shipyard
trust and C. M. Schwab for Morgan &
Co. was brought out in the testimony
for the first time and confirmed the re
port of Morgan ownership Much was
made to-day also of proof of misrepre
sentations by C. M. Schwab when . he
sold the Bethlehem Company for Mor
gan & Co. He turned it over, claiming
it had a surplus of $4,000,000.
The testimony showed that a month
before its sale he received a report from
Jones, Caesar & Co., his own account
ants, telling him the surplus was $250,
000 less than the $4,000,000 claimed.' A
month after the sale this $250,000 was
formally written off, and two months
later the surplus was reported to the
Stock Exchange as still $4,000,000. This
will, it is said, be made the basis of a
formal charge of fraud. +$
NEW YORK, Nov. 25.— Should J. P.
Morgan & Co. by any chance succeed
In effecting the compromise so earnest
ly desired with the United States Ship
building Company contesting" bond-,
holders, a new suit is to be begun that
will place all further suppression of
facts out of the question. James B. Dill
will conduct it.
This • was the report current to-day
and it was accompanied by rumors of
an arrest soon to be made in the.ship
yard case.
The idea that Morgan & Co. should
effect any compromise was ridiculed by
attorneys for the bondholders. Sam
uel Untermeyer, who, with Henry
Wollman, is conducting the case for the
bondholders, stands un the statement
made bv him two weeks ago that no
money consideration can ever effect a
compromise, but that only an honest
plan of reorganization can stop pro
ceedings. .
Wall street discussed with dismay
to-day the disclosures of . high finance
made at the previous day's hearing be
fore; United States Special .Examiner
HjlD.t Oliphaht;^ Proof, crf. t the, absolute -
ownership by Morgan & *• Company of
the Bethlehem Steel Company brought
much inquiry as:to.what affidavits had
been made by the company, on bids, for
armor plate In Washington in "compe
tition" with the steel trust.
Speciai Dispatch to The Call,
Governor Peabody and Adjutant Gen
eral Bell have received threatening let
ters within the past few days. One of
the communications to General Bell
says:
"You will be popped off if you ever
come to Cripple Creek."
Another 'letter warns the officials of
the existence of a plot to blow up the
wing of the Capitol where the Gov
ernor's and 'adjutant general's offices
are located. All such letters are turned
over to the PJnkerton agency as fast
as received. No attempt has been made
to guard the military offices, because
no fears are entertained that any vio
lence will be attempted in Denver.
General Bell was in communication
with the Sheriff of Las Anlmas County
for more than an hour to-day, and the
report was In circulation that troops
were being placed in readiness to move
to the coal fields. The reserve force
numbers 500 men, and they will be fully
equipped within the next few days.
General Bell -called his stenographer
Into his office this afternoon and dic
tated the following statement for pub
lication:
"We will fight it out in Colorado if It
takes every able-bodied man in the
State, and some who are disabled, to
the end that law and order be main
tained and socialism, anarchy and
Moyerism are wiped off the earth and
there isn't a grease spot left to assas
sinate, dynamite, molest, disturb or In
any manner interfere with the commer
cial conditions and the peace of.illus
trious Colorado."
General Bell has given orders to^have
two more regiments formed in the.Colo
rado National Guard, and in the course
of the week he expects to recniit 600
men.
•General Bell received to-day from the
United States arsenal at Rock Island,
111.. 1000 K rag -Jorgensen rifles and 100,-
GOVERNOR IS THREATENED.
DENVER, Nov. 25.— Startling discov
eries have resulted from the investiga
tion into the blowing up of the Vindi
cator mine, in the Cripple Creek dis
trict, on Saturday, according to Adju
tant General Bell. He says that those
¦who caused the explosion which killed
Superintendent . McCormack and Mel
vin Beck also plotted to blow up the
Gold Coin, Findley, Golden Cycle, Strat
ton's Independence and several other
properties.
General Bell learned that the revolver
found at the scene of the explosion was
one sold by the manufacturers to s the
San Juan Hardware Company on Octo
ber 2. A partial description of -the man
who bought the revolver was obtained.
General Bell is sure that the man is
one of the sixteen now being guarded
in the military lines at Camp Goldfleld.
He is certain that all of those con
cerned in the Vindicator affair, with
one exception, are in custody. One of
the .men wanted succeeded in getting
out of the district before a cordon of
soldiers was thrown around the camp
and I* on his way to Seattle, according
to information which has been gath
ered since his departure. It is believed
that he will escape.
M'KINNEY GIVES INFORMATION.
Of the sixteen men now being held at
Camp Goldfield about a dozen are
charged with having been principals
or accessories In the* Vindicator affair.
The remainder are held In connection
with the attempt to wreck a Florence
and Cripple Creek train a few days
ago.
It is generally believed that Charles
McKlnney, the alleged train-wrecker,
who was spirited out of the district to
the penitentiary for safe keeping, is. the
person from whom the authorities have
obtained much Incriminating evidence.
One proof that violence was plotted
Is the fact that non-union miners at
work on the properties said to have
been included in the doomed list have
been receiving mysterious warnings not
to work upon peril of bearing the con
sequences.
Special Disyatcir t # o list Call
COLON, Xov. "25.— The " local corre
spondent of the Associate* Press to
day received a telegram from Bogota,
dated November 21,. saying that the
Government had Issued orders to raise
the army footing to 100,000 men. in the
event that General Reyes" mission to
"Washington should prove fruitless. T-he
subjugation of Panama is given as the
reason for the Government's action-
German and Italian steamships ar
rived here' to-day from Cartagena and
SavanilJa. They report^ everything
quiet at those places, but that the peo
ple are still Indignant over the seces
sion of Panama. The captain of an
Italian steamship was offered 100,000
francs to carry 500 Colombian troops to
Colon. •
The Colombians are building great
hopes on the mission of General Reyes
to Washington, believing he will be
able to make some arrangement by
which Panama will re-enter the Colom
bian federation.
The American warships Maine, At
lanta, Dixie and Mayflower and a col
lier are in the harbor. The Mayflower
is alongside the collier, fiJJinjj her
bunkers.
It is proposed, when the messenger
bearing the Panama canal treaty
reaches Colon on December 1. to have a
Fpecial train ready to transport him
across the isthmus to Panama, where'
the treaty undoubtedly will be signed
by the members of the junta. ; The
train, meantime, will be kept waiting.
and, when the treaty is signed, its
bearer will be brought back to Colon.
The steamship Yucatan, scheduled to
call on December 1 for New York, will
be delayed until the "messenger arrives,
when he will embark on the Yucatan,
thus starting for New York on the day
of his arrival hero.
This proposal is meeting with some
opposition, those desiring to discuss" the
treaty at length fearing that its terms
will be too favorable to the United
States. It is probable, however, that
this opposition will be overcome.
Bondholders Threaten An
other Suit Against
Promoters.
Attempt Is Made to Bribe
Steamship Captain to
Transport Troops.-
Crazed by the prospect of losing the
friendship of a woman of whom he had
for many years been a beneficiary, and
with his mind maddened by drink in
dulged in while brooding over his trou
bles, A. L. Garnett, a '. relative and
former ; business agent of Mrs. Lillian
Hitchcock Colt, yesterday afternoon
made an attempt to take her life, and
failing the desperate man turned his
weapon on the woman's protector, Ma«
jor J. W. McClung, a well-known club
man and broker, and shot him down.
The tragedy, which may result in the
death of McClung, occurred shortly af-
Armor Plate Bids a
Subject for Inves- v
/ tigation.
Panama's Subjugation
the Summit of Bo
gota's Hopes,
Wounded Man Lying
Near to Death at
Sanatorium.
Tries to Kill Woman
and Shoots Down
Defender.
Shipbuilding Dis
closures Invite
Probing.
One Hundred Thou
sand Men Will
Bear Arms.
A. L. (jarnett Seeks
Revenge for Fan
cied Wrong.
GOVERNMENT
MAY JOIN IN
THE INQUIRY
COLOMBIA
INCREASING
HER ARMY
MAJOR J. W. McCLUNG SHOT
WHILE DEFENDING WOMAN
IN HER ROOM AT PALACE
DYNAMITERS PLOT
THE BLOWING UP OF
MANY COAL MINES
Continued on Page' 2, : Column " 2,
VICTORIA, B. C, Nov. 25.-The case
of Edna Wallace Hopper, th«? actress,
against James • Dunsmuir of this city,
claiming $3,000,000. her mother's Interest
in the estate \ of the late Alexander
Dunsmuir, who married her mother In
California, is set .for Wednesday next
in the local courts. The action is taken
on - the ground . that undue Influence
was exercised In making the will of
the late Alexander Dunsmulrv
Heady for Bunsmuir Will Contest.
SEATTLE, Nov. 25. -Little hope of
a settlement .of. the fight between the
Pacific Coast Steamship Company and
the steam schooners. in the lumber car
rying trade is 'entertained by the offi
cials of the former company. A promi
nent Northwest lumberman has been
sent to San" Francisco to select a site
for, lumber -yards and the Pacific Coast
Steamship. Company , has - .. made ar
rangements for securing- all the lum
ber required to enter, into a hard fight
for the control of „ the California lum
ber trade. * A fleet c-f steam schooners
will be put on the run and. the company
believes it can force a settlement on its
awn' term&. ~;~ y— '.,£. ~~~~^-~
Lumber Carriers Still at "War.
SOLOMONVILLE, . Ariz.. Nov. 25.—
The Sheriff of Brown County, Texas,
has arrived with requisition papers for
Thomas Bell,' one 'of the pioneers of
.Graham County, who was recently ar
rested- by Captain Thomas 1 Rynnlng
and Lieutenant Ellison of the Arizona
Rangers for a murder committed In
Texas twenty- three years ago. Bell
was arrested at his ranch, seven miles
west of Fort Grant. He was located
through descriptions placed in the
hands of Captain Rynning by Texas
officers.
Bell declares that some mistake has
been made, that he Is not guilty of
the crime of which he Is charged, and
that he is willing to go back to Texas
and stand trial. He says that he never
made any secret of the fact that ho
came to Arizona from that section of
Texas where the murder was com
mitted, and his friends uphold him In
this statement. It is said, however,
that the evidence which tends to
Identify him as the man who committed
the crime is very strong. He will be
taken back to Texas " immediately.
Arizona Prisoner Steadfastly Asserts
That He Is the -Victim of Mis
. taken Identity.
MUST GO BACK TO TEXAS
TO FACE MURDER CHARGE
LONDON, Nov. 25. — Embassador
Choate gave a luncheon to William
Jennings Bryan - to-day. ' Among the
distinguished persons invited , to meet
Mr. Bryan .were Premier. Balf our, the
Earl of Onslow, Charles T. Ritchie, Sir
Robert'Giffen, Sir Gilbert Parker, Mor
ton ' Frewen, ! Lord Denbigh, Lord
Mount-Stephen and W. L. Courtney.
¦ The luncheon was informal and no
speeches were made. Mr. Bryan's pow
ers as a story-teller quite delighted the
English guests. Whether it was done
on purpose, or otherwise, there was a
touch of grim humor in the fact that
Mr. Choate placed Mr. Bryan between
Mr. Balf our and Mr. Ritchie, who had
not met since the Cabinet split.
Bryan has arranged ; to address a
meeting at the Mansion House, Dublin,
where he will be the guest of the Lord
Mayor. No date for the meeting has
been decided upon.
Embassador Choate's Guest From Ne
braska Is Entertaining to
Londoners. '¦' : --~ii:
BRYAN TELLS STORIES .
TC ENGLISH STATESMEN
MRS. LILLIAN HITCHCOCK-COIT, IN WHOSE . DEFENSE ' MAJOR \ J.' W. McCLIING WAS SHOT AND
PROBABLY FATALLY WOUNDED AT THE PALACE HOTEL, AND A. L. . GARNETT, WHO MADE THE
MURDEROUS ATTACK. . .
THE TBEATEBS.
Alcazar — "A . Poor Relation."
Matinee to-day.
California — "At the Old Crosa
Roads." Matinee to-day.
Central— "Slldniyht In China
town." Matinee to-day.
Columbia — Virginia Karned in
"Iris." Matinee to-day. -
l"lscher'« — "Bube« ui Soiei."
Matinee to-day.
Grand — "Ben Hur." . Matinee
to-day.
Orphetun — Vaudevllls. Matinee
to-day.
The Chutes — Vaudovilla.
THE WEATHEB. ' ""
Forecast made at 8an Fran*
cltco Tor 30 hours ending 1 at
mldnltfit, Kovember 26:
San Francisco and vicinity
Tzir Thursday, possibly rain by
nict« liarht north winds, chanc
ing- to southeasterly. '
• ~ A. Q. MCADIE.
]•£ District Forecaster.
The San Francisco CallA Guaranteed Cure, for Piles.
Xtchisc. Blind. Bleedlns or Protruding- Piles.
Tour <5rufsist will refund money . if Paxo
OiBUnest faua to cere you in 0 to 14 days. 50c*
SALT LAKE. Utah, Nov. 25.— A spe
cial to the News from Scofleld, Utah,
eays that Lieutenant Sorenson and a
squad of seventeen men, with fixed
bayonets, took Chrales Demolli, State
organizer for the Western Federation
of Miners, out of a crowd of 200 strik
ing Italian miners, this afternoon and
arrested him on a charge of disturbing
the peace. Demolli was taken to the
court house. A heavy guard was
thrown around the building. He was
found guilty and sentenced to thirty
<5ay» In JaJL Demolli was taken to
Price ,this afternoon, in custody of a
detail of troops. The arrest caused
considerable excitement.
Soldiers of the Utah National Guard
are now guarding .the' coal mines at
Winter Quarters, Clear Creek (near
Scofleld) and Sunnyslde. No. troops
have been posted at Castle Gate, as no
disturbance Is looked for at that point,
although the mines are practically
closed. Several detachments were dis
embarked at Scofleld and Sunnyside
this morning and later marched to the
mines and were posted around the
etrlke-affected properties.
Soldiers With Fixed Bayonets Seize
Utah Strike Leader.
ARREST UMTON OBGAMTZEB.
TELLURIDE. Colo.. Hov. 25. — Six
union miners were arrested to-night on
charges of threats and conspiracy to
prevent the operation of mines. They
included O. JI. Carpenter, secretary of
the local union.
000 rounds of ammunition for the use
of the Colorado National Guard.
Union W.fners Under Arrest.
Continued From Page 1, Column 2.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON, Nov. 25.— A big success in
comic opera. with one of the leading
parts Is being scored here this week by
Miss Mildred Kearney, daughter of
Denis Kearney, the well-known Cali
fornlan. In a new production, "Win
some Winnie," which has opened for a
run at the Columbia Theater.
She la appearing in the role of
"Honoria," and In the finale of the first
act her full rich contralto voice can
easily be heard above the entire chorus.
Miss Kearney's present ambition Is to
sing Carmen and she believes that she
can give an entirely new interpretation
of the role.
She ia going abroad next season to
study for grand opera and on her re
turn to America has been promised
backing with which to organize her
own company and produce "Carmen."
Barney Oldfleld at Coxonado.
SAN DIEGO, Nov. 25.— Barney Old
field, the demon automobile driver, is
expected to arrive to-morrow evening
for the races which have been planned
on the Coronado race track for the
afternoon. There will be eight races
and Oldfleld will be in at least four of
them, including an effort to beat his
Los Angeles time of 55 seconds.
•WASHINGTON. Nov. 25.— Quentla Roo««
velt Is convalescing from a •^ero attack or
malaria, coupled with a bad Ooid. and U out
of danger.
bitter fiscal warfare with our cousins,
the United States, as the result of
which Great Britain would lose every
thing and gain nothing. It would mean
a practical severance far more deplor
able than a fiscal severance and would
blight the fairest hope of the two na
tions."
In summing up Lord Jtosebery said
that Joseph Chamberlain had not
proved his case and that the evils of
which he complained existed only In
his Imagination. A real remedy for «ny
adverse conditions could be reached by
stimulating practical, technical and
commercial education, reducing the na
tional expenditure and the drink bill of
the people, encouraging the growth of
cotton within th? empire, teaching
commercial travelers how to study the
tastes of the people they visited and
through other simple and practical
steps "which would .be better training
for race competition than mandates for
negotiation with foreign countries."
LONDON, Nov. 25.— Lord Rosebery
spoke.to 3000 persons on the fiscal ques
tion^ at the Surrey Theater to-night.
William J. Bryan was in the audience.
There, were 20,000 applications for tick
ets, the issue of which had to be lim
ited: to the capacity of the theater.
Lord Rpsebery^afterward addressed a
large overflow meeting. At both meet
ings he was given an enthusiastic re
ception and all througn his speeches
he was heartily cheered. His Lord
ship's,remark3 were for the most part
devoted to ridiculing Joseph Chamber
lain, and hisTTolicy.
."After last night's meeting at Queen's
Hall, which was attended by seven
members of Lord Salisbury's Govern
ment," said the speaker,, "little can be
added. The fiscal question must be
solved and finally settled, and unless
it is settled the dissolution of Parlia
ment; cannot be long delayed."
Lord Rosebery referred to Chamber
lain ae "a modern Jeremiah, whose as
sertions that the country had been des
olated were refuted 'by the facts."
Chamberlain \sald the country was
ruined, while Balfour. on the other
hand,' said the country was extremely
prosperous, but soon would be ruined.
The Board of Trade blue book, how
ever, had decided against both of these
contentions. The speaker said that the
condition of the people generally had
been improved, while, the worklngmen
were enjoying greater prosperity. If
distress. existed In the country it was
because of the unwise expenditures of
the Government, which during the last
decade had increased 62 per cent, while
during tbe previous ten' years there had
been an increase of only 7 per cent.
"Instead of curbing -this growing ex
penditure," said Lord Rosebery, "Mr.
Chamberlain discovered a disease which
had not existence ana proposed a rem
edy which"* would make the disease
worse — namely, the increase in the cost
of every commodity."
. The real outcome of M^v Chamber
lain's policy, said Lord Rosebery. would
be a state of socialism. The cry of
"dumping" applied to the large empo
riums in this country which had killed
the small traders. During recent years
Canada had dumped into Great Britain
nearly as much iron as all the dumping
countries put together. A committee of
experts, said the speaker, would have
to d'stinguish between foreign and im
perially dumped and "sweated" goods.
"The flrstresult of. Mr. Chamberlain's
policy," continued Lord • Rosebery,
"would be to plunge Great Britain into
BERLIN, Nov. 25.— The Countess Isa
bella WeisieakaJKjvilecki, .charged with
presenting a false heir -to an estate,at
Wroble wo, province of Pogen^who has
been on • trial^ here since October > 25,"
was acquitted^ ' \. '
The Countess "during the closing ar
guments eat unmoved^ in the" prison
ers' incl8sure,, occasionally examining
the faces of. the jurors through a. lorg
nette or glancing /through the window
at the gathering crowds of "her Polish
countrymen;-' who assembled in the
neighborhood * of the courthouse with
the design of making a polltical'dembn
stratibn'. if -ghe should be convicted.
Race 'feeling has been a notable feature
of the trial, as the 300.000 Poles resident
in Berlin never forgot an opportunity
to protest against Prussian justice. -The
Polish-newspaper editors assertedvthat
if the Countess was convicted It would
be caused 'by/race partiality. The au
thorities, expecting rioting should the
result be a conviction,: filled the court
and adjacent squares with police. The
Jury remained out' more than three
hours, an unusual time for a German
jury, , since' the- majority -decided. ,,-
An announcement of the verdict turn
ed the prospective rioters Into a cheer
ing, joyful crowd. The Countess and
the boy, who is now heir to one of the
finest estates in Prussian Poland, drove
in the Countess' own carriage with her
husband to their own house.
j Sef ore charging the Jury the Judge
asked the prisoner if she had anything
to say. The Countess answered calmly
and resolutely: ,
"I am Innocent. I have nothing more
to say."
Count Hector* Kivlleckl, who as next
of kin had contested the legitimacy of
the Countess" son, and his father re
mained in the courtroom when the jury
retired,' but quietly withdrew before the
verdict was rendered, as they antici
pated an acquittal. • ,. ;
The Countess heard the verdict calm
iy, gazing through her lorgnette at the
Judges without a movement of a mus
cle or the slightest change of expres
sion.
The Tageblatt states that Dr. Muel
ler, the leading state's attorney, has
been transferred to Elberfleld, .which,
it is understood. Is a reproof for him
for his declaration In his speech to the
jury that a verdict of acauittal would
Rive its. death blow to trial by Jury In
Gerrnany. . . .
It is estimated that the cost of this
trial will be' ¦ from $75,000 to $100,000,
which the state will bear.
from abroad three. months ago .to look
after her property Interests * In " this
State. •-/,?;'¦.
FIBE COMPANY FAD.
Mrs. Colt was In the early '60's one
of the prominent figures in San Fran
cisco and was w.ell and favorably
known ¦ in* the society of forty years
ago. When she was Miss Hitchcock she
had a mania for running to fires, and
whenever an alarm from any of the
twelve districts which the city was di
vided into at that time was sounded
from the tower on the old City Hall
she was among the first to run for the
district, \ and She never missed an; op
portunity to take a place on the rope,
for in those days the engines were
hauled by the members of the compa
nies. Her favorite company , was
Knickerbocker No. 5, located on Sacra
mento street, opposite her father's pro
fessional office.
In time she was enrolled as an hon
orary, member of the company, and is
the only woman whose name was in-,
scribed on the roll of the Volunteer Fire
Department.
She had many suitors' for her hand,
but none were up to her ideal for a hus
band, until she met handsome Howard
Coit, caller of the San Francisco stock
board during the great mining boom,
and she married him.
After she became his widow she pur
chased a site in Larkmead, Napa Coun
ty, where she had erected'a'magnifi
cent home, and there she has spent the
greater part of her widowhood. In he*;
retirement she has never forgotten the
Knickerbocker Fire Company, for every
year on the anniversary of .its-organ
ization she has sent to the association,
composed of surviving ' members, a
handsome floral piece.
Major McClung. who was grie-qotisrty
wounded in protecting Mrs. Coit belongs
to what is known as the Southern set
of local society. He married a daugh
ter of the late Dr. R. Beverly Cole: One
of his brothers was In the City Treas
urer's office during the administration
of Colonel Brooks.
CAUSES HUSH, AT BALK
The opening- ball of La Jeunesse took
place last night,, and Mrs.-. McClung
was expected' to be one of the patron
esses. When she did not appear at the
appointed " time surprise was on the
face of every one, as Bhe has always
been noted for being exceedingly punc
tual. Suddenly the news of the shoot
ing was quietly whispered about the
ballrbom and it caused a tremendous
sensation. In fact, for the nonce,
dancing was entirely suspended and
all talk given over to the subject of
the shooting. •,
Later it developed that Mrs. McClung
had not learned of the* shooting, and
that the cause of her absence from the
festivities was due to the illness of her
daughter, who is an inmate of the
Children's Hospital. • ...
Mrs. McClung's daughters , have al-.
ways been great favorites in the soclial
world and have hosts of friends.
It was only natural- that the event
should cause a great sensation. For a
few minutes the ballroom was practi
cally deserted, and it, was only when
the reassuring news came that Major
McClung's wound had not been fatal
that the gay festivities of the evening
were resumed. , ; . '
DBANK EXCESSIVELY.
The search for Garnett by Detectives
Bryan and Bailey, in whose -charge the
case was placed by Captain of Detec
tives Martin, lasted until long after
midnight and was finally temporarily
abandoned by the sleuths, who are con
fident that they will be able to arrest
the missing man to-day. Inquiry at
the Brooklyn Hotel late last night de
veloped the fact that Garnett had not
been seen there since early in the day.
Several months ago Garnett reported
to the police that he had been waylaid
early in the evening near the entrance
cf the Brooklyn Hotel and robbed of a
small amount of money. He told a
story of how he was knocked down and
his pockets rifled, but an investigation
by trie police resulted in the conclusion
that he had been drinking heavily arid
had fallen while trying to reach his ho
tel. Since then Garnett is said to have
been on frequent sprees.
Garnett Is of medium size, about' 50
years of age, arid of late has appeared
morose. He was in the habit of walk
ing about" town alone, except when Mrs.
Coit was here, and seldom recognized
former acquaintances. He is not, how
ever, supposed" to be insane. .¦"[•.?, ,^
Mrs. Coit agrees with Major McClung
that Garnett's act was simply the re
sult of excessive drinking.
Major McClung is a well-known club
man apd broker and Mrs. McClung has
for several seasons been one of the
leading members of the smart set and
prominently identified with . La Jeun
esse. ",¦-*¦•;.;'¦:.
Her two dauchters are Mrs. Horne,
formerly. Miss Alma McClung, and Miss
Gladys McClung. , ;¦
The marriage of Miss; Alma McClung
to Lieutenant Horne was a. prominent
event in the social world only a few
weeks ago. .^
TELEPHONE COMPANY
, IS CENSTTBED BY JURY
OAKLAND, Nov. 25.— The Coroner's
jury to-night in the case of. Clark Yer
rlck; .who was electrocuted, at Thirty
;flfth and Market, streets last Saturday
night, found that "¦ Yerrlck was killed
by ¦ coming in contact with an: aban
doned telephone wire, which had broken
and fallen across a heavily , charged
electric light wire. ';* ' ¦/ C
The verdict of the jury was as foi
ldws: . . ' . \. ; .
"Death was caused by the deceased
accidentally coming in contact withi a
wire^ which had become. broken and had
fallen upon I a live electric ; light wire*
which said wire belonged to the. Sun
set Telephone and Telegraph Company,
and had been by that, company aban
doned, and we. censure andi condemn
the . said company.' for not removing
their, abandoned wires, believing, that
the" death of , said Yerrlck , is , directly
chargeable to the. negligence of the'said
company in falling to j remove the wire
referred to; and we recommend that
the Qouricll; of the i city of Oakland,^
the .interest of '. public . safety, ' pass an
ordinance requiring: that ) all wires • car
rying; electricity, except those , used in
the'operation'of electric cars, 1 be placed
underground." • • .'
¦ LONDON, Nov. v 25.— Fiv« - hundred cloth
weavers (truck at Burnley to-day as a protest
agr&tnst '.what ; they called L.*,'the ». Americaniza
tion of the weaving Industry."
COLORADO'S SOVERHDRTHHEATEKEQ
The Times' ToKJo correspondent* ca
bles that the Far Eastern situation
shows no improvement The minimum
proposals of the Japanese Government
vere submitted last month, but the
Russian Government still preserves si
lence, which is producing a bad effect
It is feared that unless some L«asis "of
Bgreement shall be arranged -before the
opening of the Japanese Diet on De
cember € the situation may be carried,
beyond diplomatic control. .
LONDON, Nov. 25.— The Japanese
Legation informs the press that, while
the Russo-Japanese negotiations %re
proceeding satisfactorily,' It is • likely
that weeks will elapse before they are
concluded. No special Importance is
attached by the legation to the report
telegraphed by aTientsin correspondent
of the London Standard that the Rus
sians.^ Thursday last reoccupled Haf
cheng, thirty miles north of New
chwang. . . _ f *J *
The Times' Tokio correspondent, 're
ferring to the publication of 'exagger
ated accounts as to the number of Rus
sian troops reviewed at Port Arthur "in
October, says:
"While it Is undeniable that Russia
has largely increased and Is still, in
creasing her garrisons in Manchuria, it
is equally undeniable that 5Ser prepara
tions have been hurriedly made and are
very incomplete and less advanced than
Russia would desire the world to be
lieve. Japan Is apparently the only, one
of the powers to be undeceived. Such*
official exaggeration is believed to Indi
cate uneasiness in the face of the com
pleteness of the Japanese >reparations
— a completeness which many observers
believe will astonish the -world."
ST. PETERSBURG. Nov. 25|— The
Russian Government has jno official
confirmation of the Tokio dlspatdh sent
to a semi-omcial agency saying that
Japanese warships had be.en dispatched
to prevent the Russian war vessels
Czarewitch and Bayan reaching "Port
Arthur to join the squadron there. THe
Government says the latest advices In
dicate no hitch In the negotiations .in
Tokio and pronounces- the report* In
credible. The whole tenor of tt;e Gov
ernment's information is pacific The
admiralty says the Russian fleet is
quietly anchored at Port Arthur.
The Russian Foreign Office intimates
that the Far Eastern dispatches conr.
cerning the warlike activity of China
are sent out for effect in England and
the United States. • '
The censors continue to forward pa v 
triotic memorials urging the throne to
accept war with Russia.
M. Plancon, who until rcently* waS
Russian charge d'affaires here, attd
who is now secretary to Admiral Alex
ieff. Viceroy of the Far East, arrived
here yesterday. He came by a Russian
warship to Chingwang-tao and thence
by railway. Plancon said that Admiral
Alexieff was about to start for St. Pe
tersburg. Plancon departed after* a
conference to-day with M. Lessar, the.
Russian Minister. The^object of his
mission Is unknown. ; ¦ ' • ¦
It is reported that M. Uchida* the
Japanese Minister, has made a. Hong
report to the Chinese Foreign Office on
Russian acts in Manchuria and their,
sinEter importance. '\}sJ : '*;
PEKING, " Nov. 25.— The report that
the Russians have reocciipied Haicheng
is confirmed. As Haicheng and Mouk
den are the two strategic points the
Japanese occupied during th» war with
China the action of Russia is regarded
as significant
Further details do not confirm the
report of the reoccupatlon of Hsing
inlnting by the Russians, but the con
flict between Chinese anu Russians
near Hslngminting. in which eight
Russians were shot, proves to have
been a battle, not with bandits, but
with permanent volunteer organiza
tions that were Incensed at Russian
commands to disband.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Woman Was Accused of
Presenting False Claim ...
; to an Estate." -, vi/ !:;V;
Chinese Volunteers Engage
Czar's Soldiers in Battle
and KLH Eight',.
California Girl Appears in
Leading Role of New
Speaker Bitterly Criticizes
Proposed Preferential
Tariff.
Dr. George F. Shlels, Major Mc-
Clung's family physician, was sum
moned to attend the Injured man a few
moments after the shooting. Dr. Shiels
says the call for his assistance came
about 5 o'clock. He. hurried with, all
possible speed to the apartments of
Mrs. Colt, where he found Major Mc-
Clung in an unconscious condition.
"I. found the major to be in a very
weak condition when I arrived," said
Dr. Shlels. "He was unconscious and
the blood was flowing profusely from
a dangerous looking wound in the
breast. Luckily none of the vital or
gans were touched by the bullet, still
the wound is a dangerous one and
likely to result fatally.
"From what information I could
gather the shooting was the result of
a drunken man's craze for vengeance
for imaginary wrongs. Major Mc-
Clung had called at Mrs. Colt's apart
ments for the purpose of making a so
cial visit. He was In the . room but a
short time, when a noise was heard out
side and Garnett* entered the apart
ment unannounced. . ¦ . /
"From what I understand Garnett
was very much under the; Influence of
liquor. ; He* greeted the lady in a gruff,
Having first looked to the comfort of
her wounded friend, Mrs. Colt and her
maid locked themselves in their apart
ments and for a long time pondered
over the proper course to pursue, for
they both realized that the affair would
give them a lot of notoriety. Finally
Mrs. Colt appealed to several of her
friends for advice and learning for, the
first time of her unfortunate predica
ment they were quick to go to her
rescue. '
It was not until after 8 o'clock in the
evening, three hours after the occur
rence of the shooting, that it became
generally known about the Palace Ho
tel, and then it creates a great furor
among the guests, the majority of
whom are acquainted with Mrs. Coit
and were deeply in sympathy with her
In her sudden trouble.
DR. SHTELS* STATEMENT.
NEWS BECOMES KNOWN.
Realizing the horrible deed that he
had committed,* Garnett again con
cealed his weapon,' and. glancing
toward. Mrs. Coit in a manner that
might have been interpreted as a warn
ing to her to makf no outcry or follow
him. he made his scape from the room.
The apartments of Mrs. Coit are lo
cated on the New Montgomery-street
side of the hotel and yesterday the
rooms adjoining were unoccupied, a
fact, which may explain why the re
port of the pistol shot attracted no at
tention and aided the murderous Gar
riett 1 to make his escape.
Quickly perceiving the danger of the
defenseless woman, Major McClung
sprang forward with outstretched
arms, with the intention of grabbing
Garnett an'd preventing him from car
rying out his murderous threat. Quick
as he wa* however. Garnett noted his
move and suddenly turning the pistol
in* the -direction of the major he fired.
With a gasp, McClung fell forward
uptrn the floor and then rolled partly
over on his back. , -.
. Stung by the conduct of the man
whom she had 60 long befriended, the
lady ordered him from her apartments
and told him that he. need never return
to them. On. several occasions since
tlils affair Garnett had tried to obtain
a hearing Avith Mrs. Coit, but she had
denied him the privilege; He men
tioned'the fact to his attorney, who ad
vised him to keep away from her, and
she heard no more from him until his
visit yesterday afternoon.
At the time Mrs. Coit was entertain
ing Major McClung, an old friend of
her family and one of a number of
gentlemen who have for nearly twen
ty-five years been frequent caller^ at
her rooms while she was in the city.
It was during a friendly discussion of
old times that Mrs. Coit and her guest
were suddenly startled by a terrible
noise at the entrance of her apart
ments, and a second later Garnett,
looking like a crazy man, bounded Into
their presence. ' '... ' .
. Evidently tbe fellow had not expected
to meet any one other than Mrs. Hitch
ccek Coit in the rooms, for he suddenly
paused as his eyes fell on Major Mc-
Clung, and for several moments he did
not utter a word. Then suddenly ap
proaching the lady, who had risen from
her chair, he boldly told her that his
mission, was one of murder. Drawing
a pistol Garnett started toward Mrs.
Coit» shouting as he approached:
"i am going: .to kill you!" ..
MAJOR SPRINGS FORWARD.
ORDERED FROM ROOMS.
The motive of Garnett in attempting
4o kill- Mrs. Colt is believed to have
its origin In .her . recent refusal to
further "tolerate .' his presence In her
apartments, or in any way ehare with
him her confidence, which he had been
enjoying for many years." Garnett had
been dependent on Mrs. Colt for a num
ber of years and had received bountiful
charity from both ' herself and her
mother, who passed I away several
months ago. He toad been intrusted
witU the transaction of small business
matters connected with the large in
terests of the _lady and in the perform
ance of these trifling duties . Garnett
had finally come to be known as the
financial agent of "Mrs. Coit. Among
the # ladyfs properties Is the old Brook
lyn" Hqtel- building on Bush street and
thfere ehe. provided for him a comfort
able room. . '
For some time Garnett has been
drinking heavily, a fact which came to
his relative's knowledge when she re
turned from a Jong absence abroad.
After her return Garriett, as had been
his "custom for many years, was a daily
frequenter of Mrs. Coifs rooms at the
Palace Hotel, and often, in the after
noons, she and he. would pass an hour
or so in~playing a favorite game of
cards.' Last week he visited her rooms
in anything but a pleasant mood, and
noticing this fact the lady, who is of an
amiable disposition, suggested their
usual game. Garnett had been drink
ing earlier in the day, and the sud
deh turn of the game of cards against
.him provoked him. When his bene
factress ¦ remonstrated with him for
his . ungentlemanly conduct, Garnett
turned upon her and Insulted her in a
brutal manner.
PLANNED REVENGE.
tectlves had failed to find a trace of
the missing man. • . ¦ •
Mrs. Howard Coit inherited her
wealth, estimated at half a million dol
lars, from her father. Dr. Hitchcock.
He was an. army surgeon and came to
California from Virginia before the
Civil War. On his retirement from the
army he' followed the practice of med
icine in civil life and acquired consid
erable means, which he invested in San
Francisco real estate. He also ac
quired a valuable ranch In Napa Coun
ty, near St. Helena. The Brooklyn
Hotel property^in this city Is part of
the estate. Mrs. Coit has another ranch
in the , Napa '."Valley, near Callstoga."
One of the country, resorts Is known as
"Lonely.". Mrs. Colt has made' the place
attractive arid restful. She goes there
occasionally to rest. It Is her ; pleasure
to bring about her men and women of
cultured tastes, who can appreciate the
enchantments of a country home. *
Mrs., Colt is a woman of rare intel
lectual accomplishments. .She .speaks
French as the language is spoken In
Paris. ;' '.'.-.
;: Dr. Hitchcock lived .'at .the Occidental
Hotel >• when ',: his daughter, Lillian ] was
quite a little [ girl. When she
old enough to attend , dancing, parties
she was' quite a favorite. Y: ' ,:'. ¦< ¦-. y-. ¦¦]
Of late years, since the death of : her
husband; Mrs." Colt has devoted I much
time to travel In Europe. ;' She returned
LIVED AT OCCIDEJTTAL.
A close friend of Mrs. Coit said:
"Alex Garnett, as he is generally called,
has been practically dependent on Mrs.
Coifa bounty for many years. He lived
at the Brooklyn Hotel, which is one of
her many properties. It was his cus
tom to occasionally spend the evening
at her rooms in the Palace and join
in a social game of cards with her.
Last* week he called, and while they
were playing crlbbage he suddenly be
came very violent in his language, and
Mrs. Coit was compelled to have him
removed from her apartments. He took
this treatment very much to heart and
wrote her several letters of apology,
to which she declined to reply. V ,
"Yesterday afternoon Major McClung,
who is an old time friend of Mrs.
Colt's family, was calling, when sud
denly the door to the drawing room
was burst op^n and in rushed Garnett,
very much under the influence of li
quor. He tore open his vest and-pro
duced a pistol and was about to level
it at her head, when Major McClung
jumped in between the two and while
endeavoring to divert Garnett's aim,
received the bullet.
"McClung fell to the floor and Mrs.
Colt, with a shriek of terror, rushed
toward the telephone with the idea of
calling a physician, but before she
could get to the pftone, Garnett antici
pated her movements and tore the
wires down. He then grabbed Mrs.
Coit by the throat and placing the pis
tol at her breast threatened to shoot
her, but suddenly a gleam of-intelli
gence struck his befuddled brain, and
he "relaxed his hold and dropped his
weapon." -. -.
"Major is by no means a
young man, still he has health and a
vigorous constitution, which may save
his life. He will be kept In seclusion
and no one will be allowed to disturb
him, for he needs rest and quiet most
of all. A change for better or worse
should set in shortly, so that it will
soon be known whether or not the in
jured man will survive his wound."
While Dr. Bhiels holds out hope for
the recovery of the wounded man, still
by his manner and his speech he plain
ly shows the anxiety he feels for his
patient. His manner, more than his
speech, would lead the observer to
think that he believes the injured man
will not survive, though he will not ad
mit this as being his opinion.
The wounded man is being accorded
every possible care at the Waldeck
Sanatorium. He is being treated per
sonally by Dr. Shlels and a special
nurse waits constantly at his bedside,
ready to administer to him at any mo
ment. He rests calmly and his symp
toms are favorable, but- still he is ex
ceedingly weak and unless he gains in
strength within the next few hours
death is likely to ease his sufferings. .
TRIES TO SHOOT HER.
WOUND A DANGEROUS ONE.
"Mrs. Coit was seized with fear and
was too frightened to make an outcry.
In the meantime the major sprang
from his seat and ran between the pair.
In an instant he shoved the inebriated
man aside and was about to eject him
from the room, when the latter coolly
turned his revolver on the major and
fired point blank at his stomach.
"With a groan, Major McClung fell
to the floor. The assassin replaced his
pistol in his pocket and walked from
the room. As eoon as Mrs. Coit re
covered her self-possession she ran for
aid. I was summoned and arrived on
the scene a few minutes after the shoot
ing happened.
"The major was directly facing his
assailant when the shot was fired. The
bullet entered at the breast bone, but
fortunately it did not penetrate any of
the vital organs. Major McClung bled
profusely, and at the present time he is
exceedingly weak. I had him removed
immediately to the Waldeck Sanato
rium, where everything possible is be
ing done to save his life. »¦ \
"Yes, there is a good chance for^his
recovery if complications do not set In.
When last I saw the major he was in
an unconscious condition, but resting
easily. The wound is a very dangerous
one, and what results will follow I am
not prepared to say. I will state, how
ever, that Major McClung is in a crit
ical condition, yet I have hopes for the
best, though a relapse may come (-at
any moment.
."A moment of this exciting-conver
sation followed. Then Garnett sudden
ly arose and Mrs. Colt followed Iiis
example. The wild eyed, drink crazed
man, without any warning whatever,
pulled a pistol out of hl3 hip pocket
and in a loud tone informed Mrs. Coit
that he intended to kill her. ..-,..-
GARNETT DBAT^S WEAPON.
"They talked first in low tones, but
gradually Garnett became excited and
raised his voice to a high pitch. He
gesticulated wildly and as he talked
he worked himself into a passion and
the liquor in which he had indulged
began to have its effect on the now
thoroughly crazed man. . ¦¦.
abrupt manner and insisted on an in
terview with her. She parleyed for a
moment and finally excused herself to
the major and went to the further coro
ner of the room to converse with Gar
nett. \
Lord Rosebery Talks on
Fiscal Policy to Im
mense Audience.
Continued from Page 1, Column 5.
Report of Beoccupation
of Strategic Point 1 "
ConfirpiBd.
Jury Acquits Countess
: Klwilecki at
Denis Kearney's Daugh
ter Attracts Atten
tion in Boston.
RUSSIAN FORCE
HOLDS HAICHENG
VERDICT FAVORS
THE POLISH HEIR
CHAMBERLAIN
IS ATTACKED
SUES SUCCESS
IN LIGHT OPERA
. • \ ¦ - . r ¦ ¦ ¦ .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY. NOVEMBER 26, 1903.
MAJOR J. W. McMUNmSHOTy.-
BY A. L. GARNETT IN ROOM
OF MRS. COIT AT PALACE
2
WAS NEVER MORE IN EVIDENCE THAN TO-DAY
' , The publisher of The Call, in anticipating the tendency of the times
in giving more time to recreation, hunting and fishing, has acquired for
their exclusive use a series of art pictures which will serve as reminders
during the busy months of those delightful days passed in the field.
"At Work," the title of the next Sunday Call's offering, is a reproduc-
tion from an oil painting by ;"J. M. Tracy, an artist whose paintings of
dogs have never been surpassed.
.' Jit. Tracy had for the subject of this study the celebrated Llewellyn
setter, "BODEBIGO," who became famous in this country - by his clean
;• . r ; • sweep of bench and field events. ,
* iThis picture, while it appeals strongly to those who know every point
in a dog, is perhaps just as interestin g.to the many who love the faithful
In handling, color and action, "At Work" is a most life-like study; a
-; i; , .picture that, when framed, could wi th ,dif ficulty be distinguished from
V '-¦¦ To overlook'this is to miss one of the best of the Sportsmen's Series.
WMW: : ;.: ORDER THE CALL TO-DAY.REPUBLICAN LEADERS WHO
HAVE DIVIDED POLITICAL
AUTHORITY IN NEW YORK.
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 25.— The first mow of the
eeason began . f ailing last n Ight and ¦ continued
FLORENCE. Italy, Nov. 25. — The religious
marriage of Mrs. Cornelia Roosevelt Sco-vel to
Count Arturo Fabbrietti took placa here to
toy.
SAN : DIEGO, Nov. 25. — The'steamer
Santa Rosa, Captain Alexander, which
sailed for the north last night, carried
as part of her cargo more than 300 tons
of copper i ore - from Lower California
on Its way to 1 Tacoma to be treated
there.
Carries Shipment of Copper Ore.
SEATTLE, Nov. 25.'— After being
married fifteen years, Mr. and Mrs.
Samuel Rosenberg, who * are included
among the most prominent and
wealthy people in Seattle, have been
divorced on ; the ground of incompati
bility. The complaint was filed by Mrs.
Rosenberg. According to the decree
Mrs. : Rosenberg will receive several
thousand dollars > in cash and large
holdings in reaV estate. Rosenberg is
worth $300,000. He owns much business
property in Seattle. .
Their Married Life a Failure.
SAUNAS, Nov. 25.— The big beet
sugar factory closed its run to-night
after a successful season lasting
eighty-six days, during which time
141,500 tons of beets were received and
made Into sugar. This gives an aver
age of twelve tona per acre, for which
the farmers received for. their share as
clear profit nearly $27 per acre.
Sugar Factory Closes Its Run.
SEATTLE, Wash., Nov. 25.— Mrs.
Effie Davis, who came here from Den
ver, Colo., to recover possession of her
little boy, stolen from her three years
ago at Glenwood Springs, Colo., was
awarded the custody of the child by
the Superior Court to-day. The father
decided he would let the mother have
the boy, she in return promising not to
prosecute him for kidnaping. ' He
kissed the child repeatedly while wish-
Ing him good-by and the mother
pressed "the little fellow to her breast
as she tried to make him understand
she Is his mother. The child is now
about 7 years of age.
Father Abandons Contest i Upon
Being Promised Exemption From
Prosecution for Kidnaping.
COURT AWARDS STOLEN
CHILD TO ITS MOTHER
In the Fourth Ward, where three
nominees were up and only one to t>Q
elected, the. same conditions were pre
sented. This has been settled by Dan
Teager drawing out, leaving J. A.
Brown and William Kitchen to run
against each other.
SUMPTER. Or.. Nov. 25. — Judge
George Allen and Thomas Larin, nom
inees for Councilman at the coming
election, resorted to a throw of the dice
Monday afternoon to decide which
should withdraw from the race. Both
men represented the same issue and
were running for the long term against
Lawrence Wel»b, a real estate man.
Realizing that It was a three-cornered
flght, with the chances in favor of their
opponent, they came to the conclusion
that their principle nould stand a bet
ter show If only one ran; therefore,
their, friends refusing to decide which
should withdraw, they settled the ques
tion by throwing dice. Larin lost, thus
leaving Allen to run alone against
Welsh. ,
THROW DICE TO SETTLE
A POLITICAL QUESTION
Bival Candidates in an Oregon Town
Speedily Adjust a Compli
cated Fight.
VAL.L.KJO. Nov. 25.— A dispatch in a
San Francisco morning paper from Wash
ington announcing that navy officials are
very much alarmed because of shoaling
In Mare Island Channel is calculated to
do the island much injury. Admiral Mc-
Calla says the conditions Jn the channel
have not' materially changed In some
years. He is firm in the belief that any
vessel in the United States navy can be
brought to Mare Island with perfect
safety. '.He rays dredging is not unusual
at navy-yards. It is found necessary
every year at New York and other yards.
When the battleship Massachusetts went
into the New York yard several years ago
much of this kind of work was necessary
before tho ship entered.
MARE ISLAND CHANNEL
IS IN GOOD CONDITION
Admiral McCalla Says Vessels Can
Be Taken to Navy Yard With
Perfect Safety.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 25.— By Imperson
ating a United States electrical engi
neer Daniel Stanislaus, it is alleged,
victimized Mrs. Annie E. Kendall, a
keeper of a boarding-house at 233 South
Third street, out of $56. Stanislaus, who
is also known as Professor Hall, ap
peared at the - boarding-house a few
days ago. He said the Government was
about to undertake a big engineering
work near this city and that he was
to have charge of the work. Stanislaus
stated he had placed twenty j men to
work on the project/and entered into
an agreement with Mrs. Kendall to
board the men. Stanislaus took twenty
lunches for. his men at noon and dis
tributed them in a beer saloon.
Mrs. Kendall became suspicious yes
terday and presented a board bill of $41
to Stanislaus. He said a $15 stamp
must be placed on the bill. The woman
is lately from Australia, and she read
ily gave himthe money to buy the
stamp. Stanislaus._has been arrested on
charges of defrauding an innkeeper
and obtaining money under false pre
tense, and is now in jail.
Swindler . Represents Himself as a
Government Engineer and Secures
Small Sum of Money.
BOAHDING-HOTJSE KEEPER,
PROVES AH" EASY VICTIM
PITTSBURG. Nov. 25.— Panic en
sued at a fire In the Avenue Theater
tihs afternoon, which communicated to
the audience in the Grand Opera
House, next door. Fifth avenue was
jammed by people rushing out of both
buildings and the firemen and crowd
rushing to the scene.
George McKenzie was operating the
cinematograph, the last act on the
vaudeville bill -at the Avenue. The
house was about one-half filled, as
many had gone out. The first scene
was thrown on the canvas and the next
was a fire scene — but it took place be
tween the second and third galleries.
An electric spark Ignited the cellu
loid box and film In the cinematograph
machine and the flames ignited window
frames and the third gallery. The
brjRht flash did not alarm the audience
until some one in the gallery cried
"Fire" and made a rush for the stairs.
The audience got out in fairly orderly
shape, but.many hats, wraps and coats
were found in drenched condition later.
Stage hands rushed forward with hand
grenades and extinguishers and fought
the flames until the firemen gained an
entrance from windows, as the crowd
below kept them out. MacKenzle, the
operator, was the only one injured.
Before the fire was extinguished
Harry Davis, the owner of the theater,
had a banner out on the street:
"Fifty carpenters wanted at once
right here." y-.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 25.— Mrs. Ethel
L. Walsh, wife of Police Officer J. M.
Walsh, this afternoon fell from a sec
ond-story porch to a cement-paved
courtyard In the rear of their apart
ments and was killed. No one wit
nessed the accident. It is supposed
that Mrs. Walsh wa3 leaning against
the porch railing when it gave way.
precipitating her to the ground.
1 Officer Walsh, the woman's husband,
had been on duty chasing a trio of
thieves in the river bottoms and had
Just returned to the police station when
a call for the patrol wagon was rung
in. Without knowing what the call
was for Walsh Jumped into the police
van, and discovered that his wife was
the victim of the accident only when
the van drew up before his own house.
Mrs. Walsh was 25 years of age.
Call for Van Sum
mons Him to His
Own Home.
Theater Crowds
Rush Madly for
nVlrO
JulAluOi ¦
POLICEMAN
DISCOVERS
WIFE DEAD
FIRE STARTS
PANIC IN TWO
PLAYHOUSES
SAN MATEO. Nov. 25.— City Marshal
arjj Tax Collector Maurice* Boland "re
ported to-day" tha*c the city; assessment
roll -vas transferred with the maliclius
intention of * falsifying the accounts.
The "'discrvery was made Tuesday
¦when ~ a lady .vipited the collector's of
fice to pay taxts on personal property.
On turning to her name Bofand was
amazed to find it stamped "paid" and
dated Octooer 21. A further search
showed that kbout a score of other as
ceEEmentb had been similarly stamped
unde'i' the eame date. ,
FALSE ENTRIES ARE MADE
IN TAX COLLECTOR'S BOOK
"Are the reports true that Senator
Platt is out of it altogether?"
"Senator Platt," the Governor re
plied, with great solemnity, "should be
regarded as-the State leader as long as
he lives."
"J do not care to say anything fur
ther about the conference," he con
cluded, "except that it resulted in har
monizing matters which were In a
badly strained condition last week,* and
that the result was attained by bend-
Ing on both sides. We are all united
now for the success of the party in this
State."
"How about the vote of this State in
the Republican National Convention?"
"I have never expressed any doubt
tnat it would be given to Roosevelt i
When his attention was called to the
reports from Washington th&t Senator'
Platt had conceded everything and
I turned over the leadership to him, the
j Governor smiled and said:
• "Well, I would not put it so strongly.
I may say, however, that the result of
the conference was eminently satisfac
tory as far as I am concerned. I may
add that in the future I will be more
active in politics in this State than I
have been."
"You have 'been pretty active all
along:." was suggested.
"Yes," replied the Governor, "but I
will be more active in future. You
may draw any inference you please
from that."
"Will your activity extend to New
York City politics?"
"Yes," was the reply, "I think the
local Republican organization can be
improved and I have my ideas about
putting it into better shape by next
year."
NEW YORK. Nov. 25.— Governor B.
B. Odell spent a few hours in this city
to-day on his return to Albany from
Washington, where he conferred yes
terday with President Roosevelt and
Senator Thomas C. Platt about the
conditions in the Republican party in
this State. Odell said the conference
had brought about harmony in place of
the badly strained relations which had
existed; that Senator Platt was still
the leader of the party in the State,
but he himself would hereafter take a
more active part in its management;
that the restoration of cordial relations
had been brought about by concessions
on both sides, and that further details
of the conference "were not of interest
to persons, but to the party."
In regard to the vote of this State
in the Republican National Convention
he said that he had always expressed
himself as believing that it would be
given to President Roosevelt.
"Do you care to make any formal
statement about the result of the con
ference at Washington yesterday on
the condition of affairs in this State?"
the Governor was asked.
"No, there is nothing I can say in
that way," he replied. "We simply
had a conference and arranged mat
ters in a way satisfactory to both
sides. Senator Platt is still the leader
of the party in this State. There has
never been any disposition to take the
leadership from him."
WILL BE MORE ACTIVE.
MURFREESBORO, Tenn., Nov. 25 —
Mrs. Silas Brackin, formerly Miss Mary
Bell Gregory, was burned to death in her
cottage here to-day. .Several years ago
a New York newspaper, as the result of
a contest, pronounced Mlsa Gregory the
most beautiful woman in America.
Tragic Death of American Beauty.
The Tribune to-morrow will say:
"Friends of Governor Odell, In position
to speak with more than usual knowl
edge in regard to the Governor's views
and plans, said last night that the
Governor's programme for a reorgani
zation included the following shifts:
"William Barnes Jr. to be chairman
of the Republican State Committee, in
place of George W. Dunn; William C.
Warren of Buffalo to be member of the
Republican National . Committee, in
place of George R. Sheldon; Charles Hr
Murray or Alexander T. Mason to be
president- of the Republican County
Committee, in place of Linn Bruce; a
new secretary of the County Committee
in place of George H. Manchester; new
district leaders in the places of at least
a half dozen State place holders whose
districts have shown a growing tend
ency to become hopelessly Democratic;
a Bhift of the Republican State head
quarters from the Fifth Avenue Hotel
to the Republican Club. •
"Yes, Odell believes that Roosevelt
will get the delegation, as does every
one In the Republican organization."
MANY HEADS TO FALL.
"In what direction?"
"I don't care to say." the Senator
replied, and he also declined to commit
himself when asked what means would
be adopted to bring about the changes
suggested by Odell.
"Was Governor Odell correct in
stating that Roosevelt will get the New
York delegation to the next national
convention?" he was asked, In con
clusion.
There was absolutely nothing In the
report that Federal appointments
would hereafter be arranged by the
Governor, he said. -
"In regard to the political situation
in this city, Odell says it needs re
form," said the interviewer.
"Yes, he has been saying It all
around," replied Platt.
"Do you thinlc it needs reform?"
"Yes."
and I do not like repeated questions on
that point," he replied.
PLATT'S VIEW OF SITUATION.
Senator T. C. Platt, on his arrival
here late to-day from Washington, con
firmed Governor Odell's statement that
harmony In Republican politics In New
York State had been restored as a re
sult of the conference with President
Roosevelt in Washington. He was
asked about Governor Odell's assertion
that there had been a very strained
condition of affairs in the State or
ganization, but replied that Odell would
have to explain what he meant there
by.
"I have seen accounts of what took
place at the conference yesterday," said
he, "but I do not care to make any
statement about it. There Is no public
Interest in it. We had^a very pleasant
time with the President, and entire
harmony was restored. Yes, I am still
State leader, and I don't know of any
one In authority who disputes it."
He listened with interest to an ac
count of Governor Odell's Interview,
but made no comment, and when asked
about the Governor's statement that
he would participate even more active
ly in politics In this State hereafter,
said:
"Yes, Odell will take a more active
part. 1 *
PATRONAGE NOT ODELL'S.
BAKERSFIELD, Nov. 25.— The Jury
in the case of the People vs. Alfred
W. Hulse was discharged at 4 o'clock
this afternoon after having been out
twenty-two hours. The jury stood
evenly divided. The defense requested,
and the prosecution agreed, to sixty
days' time before further action is
taken. Attorney Packard stated to
day that the case will be tried again.
When the jury retired last night the
first ballot stood seven for conviction
and five for acquittal. Two Jurors sub
sequently changed their votes and un
til late tlils afternoon each succeeding
ballot showed a vote of seven to five
for acquittal. On the last vote, how
ever, one juror changed, and the last
ballot showed six to six. •
Hulse -was very pale when the jury
came in, and although it was known
that there had been no agreement, he
scanned the face of each man eagerly.
In addition to having to stand a second
trial for the alleged murder of Tib
bet, there is a charge against Hulse of
having murdered Marshal Packard. If
both these cases fall there is still the
charge of harboring an outlaw, which
Hulse has acknowledged many times.
On account of prior convictions a sen
tence of ten years can be imposed Jor
the latter crime in the event of a con
viction being secured. Jennie Fox, the
French woman who was in the Joss
house during the fight, is still held In
jail as a witness, although she was not
called by either side. She twice testi
fied under oath that Hulse and a third
man were in the building and assisted
McKinney.* Later she retracted every
thing and the case was much weakened
by her defection. The defense was also
afraid to use her, as her ' statement
would be impeached by her former tes
timony.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 25.— The abrogation
of a contract and the tearing up of a
third rail has precipitated what prom
ises to be a bitter legal fight between
the San Jose and Santa Clara-Electric
Railway and the San Jose- Los Gatos
Interurban Railway. A short time ago
both roads were granted franchises on
North Market street from Santa Clara
street to the broad gauge depot. In
order to protect the street and save
expense an agreement was entered
Into between the companies by
which a third rail was to be laid in
the Interurban tracks for the San Jose
and Santa Clara line, which is a nar
row gauge. The rails had been laid
and the road completed with the ex
ception of putting on the cement. The
Interurban repudiated its contract with
the other company yesterday and tore
up the third rail. Work was at once
rushed in putting the cement work
back in place.
The San Jose and Santa Clara Street
Railway obtained an injunction in
Judge Hyland's court this afternoon
stopping the work of the Interurban
company and applied for a writ of
mandate to compel the Interurban
company to carry out its agreement.
This, ties up the work until a hearing
pn the matter, or until the third rail
is again laid.
The trouble between the companies
is said to be caused by the Germanla
Trust Company of St. Louis, which is
to purchase $500,000 of the Interurban
company's bonds, objecting to the
agreement both roads entered into. By
the agreement the tracks in question
would be practically under joint own
ership, and the trust company did not
want bonds on such'a line. In order to
secure the money the Interurban com
pany decided to break the agreement.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Stands Evenly Divided
on Question of Pris
oner's Guilt.
San Jose Railway Com
pany Repudiates Its
Agreement.
Mrs.. Hess sa:is she is the daughter
of Mr. and Mrs. W. G. W&ltney of the
Home Nursery at Walla Walla; that E.
C. Whitney .of W?.Ua Walla, one of the
leading nursery rriin. of the State, is
her brother, and that her other broth
ers are Dr. M» G. Whitney of Daven
pcrt, W?sh., one of the lez.«3!n? physi
eiars of the» B5g Beild country # and
Grant "WnitpVy "of Payette and E. C.
Whitney of Spokane, who was one oi
the Representatives* fi*om this cninty
in ths last Legislature.
Mrt. Hess, told a semutioral story at
the office cf. tile Snokane County Com
roiss*onprs when she Jlrst applied to be
edm!tt?d to the poor farm. She was
roorly clad and t b'ent and weary as she
tc-arfUiiy told her story. She declared
that years ago her father sold her for
J250 to liess, a pioneer • farmer of the
Walla Walla country- She says she was
then but 15 Sc*irs old. She declared that
her husband treated her cruelly and
she left him. and for many years she
had been trying to support herself,
working for • different people as a
servant. Finally she grew too old and
too v^orn to work, and she says that a
few mor ths ago she made her way to
her parents' home at Tralla Walla,
"There is no home for you here," she
Fays her father told her. "You may
eleep her° to-ii^ht. but to-morrow you
must go awa; and never come back,"
EhJSBayB he added.
£lre remained there for^ that one
r.igrht, she told the Commissioners, and
then she oame to Spokane ?and sought
to be c'-vrlared a common pauper and
given a r-ace in the County Hospital.
SPOKANE. "Wash.. Nov. 25.— Cast off
by her parents and relatives, who are
omens the wealthiest and best known
residents of the Inland empire, Mrs.
Aii<*e Hess, uped 56 ysars, Is an Inmate
cf the Spokane County poor farm at
Spangle. She has written an appealing
letter from that institution asking the
County Oorfkmifstoners if something
cannot be done to compel her relatives
to care for her. .
Special Di«p»tch to The CalL
Poverty-stricken lirs. Alice Hess
Writes Letter to Spokane County
Commissioners of Charita
ble Institution.
Claims to Be the Daughter cf j
Weal thy Residents of
Washington.
JURY IN HULSE
CASE DISAGREES
VANCOUVER, B. C, Nov. 25.—Be
cause of the results of the decision of
the Alaskan boundary tribunal/the
Dominion Government has definitely
decided to build an all-Canadian rail
way to the Klondike. This decision
¦was announced for the first time in
Vancouver to-day by the Hon. R. G.
MacPherson, M. P., who said:
"You may unreservedly announce
that an all-Canadian road to Dawson
City will be built without loss of time,
the project to be backed by the Do
minion Government. There are three
ways by which the road could be built
and one of these will be adopted at
the next session of the House of Com
mons. According to the plan -of Sir
Wilfrid Laurier and his Cabinet: First,
the Government may guarantee the In
terest on the bonds of the syndicate
building the road; second, a certain
stated bonus may be given to the con
struction company, and third, the Gov
ernment may build the road itself and
operate it as a state undertaking. The
road will start from Kitimat Inlet, on
the Western British Columbia coast,
600 miles north of Vancouver, and will
run through the northern part of the
province, thence down the Y.ukon to
Dawson. The terminus will be no fur
ther north than Kitimat, because the i
Government wishes to keep the line as
far removed as possible " from United
States territory. Construction will
probably start May 1, 1904."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TEARS UP RAILS
OF OTHER ROAD
DOUGLAS, Ariz., Nov. 25.— The bor
der bandits, led by Gregorlo Sanchez,
a once wealthy rancher, who recently
raided the town of Bacoachi, in North
ern Sonora, and then fled north across
the American line, have been driven
back into-Sonora by the Arizona rang
ers and officers. They continued their
hurried flight until they reached the
Bacoachi country. The authorities of
that section now have appealed to
Arispe and Cananea, saying that the
bandits are camped in the mountains
Just back of the town. The small
forces at hand are unable to resist the
bandits, who continue their raids In
open defiance of all the rurales and
officers which the place can muster.
When Sanchez and his band* raided
the town and killed his brother-in-law.
Guidino, a 'merchant in the place, it
was thought that the leader had satis
fled his vengeance and would not care
or dare to return. In consequence no
provision was made against a second
attack. It was thought after he
had crossed the line he was gone for
good, but Sanchez evidently knew his
men. He knew the inevitable result of
a meeting with the determined force
of Americans and when he found the
Rangers had taken his trail he slipped
his band back into Sonora by night
marches and then crossed the line just
in time to avoid a flght. Colonel Kos
terlitzy is arranging to go from Magda
lena at the head of a force of rurales,
Intent on breaking up the bold bandit
band.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Sensational Story Told
by Aged Inmate of
a,?oor Farm.
Mexican Rurales Prepare to
Attack Camp of Robbers
in Mountains.
Line Will Be Kept Far Re
moved From Uncle Sam's
Territory.
Dominion Government
Decides to Construct
Railway.
Sanchez Band Makes An
other Raid on Town
of BacoachL
Governor Hints That Conference With the
President Has Enlarged His Power, but
Platt Says He Is Still Undisputed Leader
SAYS FftTHER
SOLD HER TO
RICH FARMER
CANADA TO BUILD
ROAD TO DAWSON
BORDER BANDITS
DEFY OFFICERS
ODELL WILL BE ACTIVE
IN NEW YORK POLITICS
THE FAN FRAKCISCO CALL. THURSDAY. KOVEMBER 26, 1903.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS. '?J^
HAD CATARRH SIXTEEN YEARS.
————— . j
"Peruna is the Greatest
Cure in the World."
if I W\^^ 3^^ w ' /fm> '
/ xS l{^^ Pe-ru-na Is Acknowledged as the
I M J>^ llf vSM si Greatest Catarrh Remedy
\ W Ir^JH' ) in the World.
XvA^P^v |sRo '* Mcn Of PromInen ce In the Business
/ K y . -. and Political World do not
?r\\\n) n Hesitate to Endorse It.
W^Vi I l\ J - H. Kelly. Sharpe. Kan., writes: "l"
I / II 1 / I wish to thank you for the good Peruna
I'll I ¦ I \ ¦ nas done me. It Is the greatest cure in
I II I j \ the w °rld. I have been troubled with
I II I /I \ catarrh for sixteen years. I used thirty-*
II 1/1 \ six bottles of a catarrh cure, but contln-
/ // 1 J z*r ued to get worse - Mr doctor wanted me
V>v// - 1 n/^ to SO to Kansas City for treatment, but
I I ' I thought I would try Peruna first, no I
// l*^ ~ I got 8lx t* 3 " 168 ar »d went to taking It. I
II I II used four bottles, and am well again. I
I /// .can't thank you too much for the good
// I /// your medicine has done me."
I I III A Congressman's Letter.
// I // Hon. David Meekison, member of the
II 1 // Fifty-flfth Congress from Ohio, writes:
I • I \ // " l have used several bottles of Peruna
I \ \ J and I feel greatly benefited thereby from
i \ \ \\ my catarrh of the head. I feel encour-
B 1 v >^ a * e(J to believe that if I use it a short
• \ \ =S^r>»v tlme l° n 5 er I will be fully able to eradi-
I J ""^\a±faj) cate the disease of thirty years' stand-
li — * ing." — David Meekison, Member of Con-
/>S=i gress.
Vf- 1 * The first cold weather is dangerous.
>^ " Many people contract cold, suffer with
> coughs or acute catarrh during the
Who can compute the value of the Z^l^XSrSfa**" 1 ** f ° rtlfi " the
cures Peruna is making? Who can estl- if you do not receive prompt and sat-
mate the worth of such a remedy? lsfactory results from the use of Peruna.
•Peruna has made just such cures write at once to Dr. Hartman. giving a
thousands upon thousands of times, full statement of your case and he will
There is no nook or cranny in the whole be pleased to give you his valuable aui- -~
United States, but that some one could vice gratis.
be found who owes his life and success Address Dr. Hartman, President of
to Peruna, the greatest catarrh remedy The Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus,
of the age. Ohio. -• .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
soap in stick f6rm; con-
venience and economy in
0 shaving.
It is the best and cheap- !
1 est shaving" soap.
Sold an o*er the world.
In illness and In temporary
cpsets of the stomach, beef
tea made with
Liebig Company's
Extract of Beef
y> vriXL be relished and digested
by the weakest stomach be-
cause it is entirely free from
| fat. It nourishes while it
V stirnalates.
f> The genuine hes blue signature.
1 shirts!
1 ARE THE BEST \
I AT THE PRICE. I
fa OLUETT, PEABODY & CO. j
Who is your nearest neigh-
bor ? Not he, who happens to
c>\ive next-docr ; but he, whoee
_ heart is open your way.
Schilling's Best and the
dealing bring neighbors near.Railway Man Dies.
HONGKONG— Arrived . Nov 2*— Stmr Em
press of Japan, from Vancouver, via Yokoha
ma, Kobe, Nagasaki and Shanghai;
LIVERPOOI^-Salled Nov ; 25— Stmr Arabic,
for New York: «tmr Friesland. for Philadel
phia. • .;
SAILED. ."
Wednesday, November 25.*
Stmr Rainier. Hansen, Seattle. _
OUTSIDE. BOUND IN,': 12 MIDNIGHT.
Bktn Georgrina.
- OCEAN STEAMERS.
Wednesday, . November 25. .
Stmr Aztec, Robinson, 100 hours from Ta
eoma; Oakland directs ; .
Late Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
NAPA. Nov. 25.— Undei- Sheriff Daly
went before Justice Palmer to-day and
swore to an affidavit charging Amos
Harry, k prisoner in the County Jail,
with insanity. Harry is a veteran, 64
years old. He has been on several
pprees of late and has been jailed for
breaches of the peace. He was recently
sentenced to thirty days' imprisonment
for \-agrancr, but refuses -to cat or
drink. He believes people are trying to
poison him and accuses the Sheriff of
threatening to kill him
Tears Jailers Will Poison Him.
OAKLAND, Nov. 25.— Thomas Boyd, i
a longshoreman employed at Longj
Wharf* had his leg crushed to-day by a '
stick of timber that fell on it, and the '
member had to be amputated at the
knee. He was taken to the Receiving
Hospital, where he, was. attended by
Drs. Stratton and Emerson.
Lost His Leg.
NAPA, Nov. 25.-^-The shoe workers of
Napa are no longer on strike. Tuesday
night the local union declared the con
test off and several men went back
to work in the factory to-dayi Others
will return In a day or so. The strike
had been on for six or seven weeks and
was bitterly contested on both sides.
Shoe Workers Abandon Strike.
NEW YORK, Nov. 25.— Cornell scored
an easy victory in the fifth renewal "of
the intercollegiate cross-country cham
pionship, six miles over [ the Travers
Island course and through adjacent
woods, in the vicinity of New Rochelle
to-day. Harvard was second, Yale
third, Princeton fourth, Pennsylvania
fifth and Columbia sixth. ~
Cornell Scores a Victory.
ALAMEDA, Nov. 25.— Four burglar
ies were committed here last night. The
station at West Alameda was broken
into and; J12 35 and a quantity of tick
ets , stolen. W. L. Toombs' home, on
Railroad avenue and Ninth street, was
looted of $4 50, and the coal yard of E.
E. Blake, in the same vicinity, was en
tered.'Seventeen fat chickens were car
ried away ( from the premises of Frank
Boehmer, on Jackson street, at the
East End...
Burglars Busy in Alameda.
Father F. M. Harvey. gave. a very in
teresting talk at the Alhambra Theater
last night. He chose for his subject
"Justice and Charity,", and exemplified
his theme by reading quoting
many of the leading passages ', from
"The Merchant of Venice." '¦ The en
tertainment was for the benefit of the
Deaf and Diimb Hospital 'in Oakland.
Talks on Justice and Charity.
VANCOUVER. B. C, Nov. 25.— W.
Young, a Chinese interpreter, was ar
rested to-day on a warrant charging
him with carrying a revolver and
threatening' to murder Wonk Luk.
Young is alleged to be a highbinder
leader, whose name was given to the
police by Charley Sing for threatening
the latter's life. Ten days after the
warning Charley was murdered. "- ,' '«:
Police Say He Is a Highbinder.
ALAMEDA, Nov. 25.— Cold contract
ed while attending the funeral of her
late foster-mother, Mrs. Harriet Mc-
Donell, two weeks ago developed into
pneumonia and resulted in the death
last night of Mrs. Marie McDonell.
wife of Captain E. R. McDonell of j
Company G. Deceased was 31 years of j
age, and leaves besides her husband an j
infant son nine months old. Her i
funeral will be held Saturday morning
at 11 o'clock from the home of James j
McDonell, 1041 Railroad avenue. j
Death Claims Young Wife.
Team Goes Over an Embankment.
NEVADA, Nov. 25. — L. Armstrong Of
Alleghany went over the Purdon grade
yesterday afternoon, en route to Ne
vada City after freight, and killed two
valuable horses. Armstrong was in
company with Jeff Casserly, George
Campbell and Ralph Brown when the
accident occurred. He was going
around a turn when the leaders be
came unmanageable and jumped off
the road, pulling the wagon down a
high embankment. Two valuable horses
were instantly killed. Armstrong was
thrown f rbm the wagon and tangled up
among the horses and harness. \ How
he escaped Injury is almost a miracle,
although he was badly shaken up. ! The
wagon was badly*damaged.
Eat in measure and defy the riedi*
ciner.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 25.— Until the
Senate either passes the Cuban bill or
rejects the measure, no proposition to
adjourn the extra session of the Fifty
eighth Congress will be entertained by
the House.
House Forcing Senate to Act
Nevada City Remembers Her Needy.
NEVADA, Nov. 25.— Donation day,
which is observed here every* year, was
a great success. All deserving of char
ity are assisted in. this manner, the
contributions received being distributed
to the needy. The benevolent societies
raised several hundred dollars, besides
many cords of wood, hundreds of
pounds of- provisions of all kinds, be
sides much second-hand ctothlng. The
distribution took place, to-day and
every poor family in Nevada City will
have a happy Thanksgiving.
OAKLAND, Nov. 25.— The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: John F. McCann,
21, and May E. Heaney, 21, both of San
Rafael; Edgar L. Horn, 32, and Maud
M. Warren, 22, both of San Francisco;
Antone T.' Rezendes, 28, and Jennie
Thompson, 19, both of Vallejo; Charles
C. Pratt, 22, and Mabel D. Janes, 17,
both of Emeryville; Frederick Beck, 26*
Oakland, and Pearl Judd, 18, Hay
wards; Charles W. Wright, 30, and
Myrtle F. Hicks, 26, both of Fruitvale;
Abe Cohn, 34, and Elizabeth Benjamin'
17, both of Oakland; Otto C. Rittler.'
over 21, and Emma A. Hallsteln. over
18, both of Oakland; John L. Bain, 23,
and Susan E. Pinkerton, 29, both of
Oakland; Herman F. -Meincke, 24, San
Francisco, and Lizzie B. Aiken, 19,
Oakland. . : .
Marriage Licenses.
At the Oakland race track the
Thanksgiving handlcao will be run.
Several games of association football
will be played here and at Oakland by
representative teams, and the Gaelic
Athletic Association has planned the
greatest field day of its history at In
gleside race track, beginning at 10
o'clock.
Many and varied sporting events are
on the cards for Thanksgiving, and the
devotees of their favorite pastimes will
have ample opportunity to . indulge
themselves. At the Golden Gate ten
nis courts at 10 in the morning there
will be a double tournament match,
and at the California club, beginning
at the same hour,, there will be handi
cap singles for men players.
The San Francisco and Oakland
baseball teams will meet in two games
at Recreation Park, the first at 10 in
the morning and the second at 2:30 In
the afternoon.
Devotees of Outdoor Pastimes Will
Find Ample Opportunity to
Enjoy Themselves.
MANY SPORTING/ EVENTS
ARE PLANNED FOR TO-DAY
WASHINGTON. Nov. 26.— The War
Department has honored tha requisition
of the Governor of Colorado for 1000
Krag-Jorgensen rifles and clothing sup
plies and other equipment for 1000 men.
The supplies will be regularly issued
under the proviskm» of the Dick bill for
the arming and equipment of the organ
ized militia of the States and Terri
tories.
Supplying Krag-Jorgensens.
Mrs. R. C. Craft is chairman of the
committee of arrangements and Is as
sisted by Mrs. J. Walter Scott, Mrs. O.
M. Vesper, Mrs. Delia Hildebrand and
Mrs. Joseph A. Spangler.
The little Sunshine Club, including
Adele Scott, Grace Vesper, Marian Mil
ler, Marguerite Dewing and Edith
Armes, will be- in attendance on their
booth.
OAKLAND, Nov. 25.— The postponed
sale of fancy articles, handkerchiefs,
delicacies, etc., for .the benefit of the
King's Daughters' Home for Incura
bles will be held to-morrow at . the
rooms of the Mutual Benefit Club.
Thirteenth and Jefferson streets. The
sale will be continued during the even
ing, and also on Saturday afternoon.
The ladies in charge have gathered
together a number of both costly and
inexpensive articles— pretty things that
are appropriate for Christmas gifts.
King's Daughters' Home Bazaar.
"But your husband Is a Republican
and you belong to the Woman's Suf
frage Association," persisted Mrs.
Bostwick.
"I belong to the Suffrage Association
and also to the Anti-Suffrage Associa
tion," was the placid reply. "I like tlw
women in one 1 and the refreshments In
the other, but, honestly. I do not bellevn
in either."— New York Times.
Mrs. Kate Bostwick. who is active lrt
political work among Brooklyn women,
recently endeavored to induce a lively
young matron in that borough to Join
the Woman's Republican League, and
met with a flat refusal.
Why She Liked Clubs.
The water Is about five feet deep and
Henry walked beyond his. depth. His
companions saw him disappear from
.view and at once gave the alarm. Tom
McShea of 21 Stanford street and Alex
Saul responded to the call for. help and
brought the youth out. of the water.
He was removed to McShea's home and
Dr. Harvey summoned, but life was
extinct. Upon the direction of Coroner
Leland, the body was not removed to
the Morgue.
. Henry Hughes, the 10-year-old son of
John Hughes, a teamster residing at 26
Geneva street, was drowned yesterday
afternoon in a reservoir in the rear of
the Del Monte Mills on Brannan street,
between Second and Third streets. The
unfortunate lad, in company with Ed
ward Burke, aged 13 years, and several
other boys, went for a swim in the res
ervoir. The exhaust pipe from the en
gine warms the water and the reser
voir has been'a favorite place for lads
in the neighborhood to swim in, not
withstanding that the management of
the establishment has warned them
away on several occasions.
Henry Hughes, Ten-Year-Old Lad,
Meets Tragic Death in
Reservoir.
IN SIGHT OF COMPANIONS
> HE SINKS TO HIS DEATH
David Wilson, a carpenter, riving at
14 Putnam street, fell a distance of
thirty feet from an O'Farrell-street
building yesterday afternoon and
escaped with a sprained ankle and a
slightly wrenched back.
This is the third narrow escape from
death which Wilson has had within the
last few months. His first fall was a
distance of sixty feet into the hold of
a ship, yet his injuries at that time
were -very Flight. Soon after he fell
from a drydock at Hongkong, China,
a distance of fifty feet. He escaped un
injured then.
CARPENTER FALLS FORTY
FEET, BUT ESCAPES DEATH
OAKLAND, Nov. 23.— Licensed den
tists have organized to make a test of
the law which requires them to pay
a registry fee to the State Board of
Dental Examiners. Attorney E. Myron
Wolf has been retained to represent tha
State board. The case selected for tha
test is that of Dr. L. W. Patery of this
city. It will be tried before Police
Judge Mortimer Smith two weeks
hence.
Dentists Will Test Fee Law.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 25.— After com
mittees are announced by the Speaker
next week the first work will be in all
probability the disposition of one of
two election cases. The first will be
the Connell-Howell contest from the
Scranton. Pa., district. Indorsed by
the district Democratic convention,
which, it is claimed, was packed by
Connell Democrats, the Independent
Democrats refused to accept Connell
and nominated George Howell. How
ell appealed to the Democratic Con
gressional Committee for assistance,
but as his case was considered hopeless
he received no response, notwithstand
ing on election day, to the surprise of
both Democrats and Republicans, he
received 400 more votes than did Con
nell, who began a contest.
The Kahn-LJvernash contest from
Ban Francisco will also be disposed of
at an early date.
Kahn-Livernash Case Will Be Settled
at an Early Date.
WILL CONSIDER CONTESTS.
This amount would have been con
siderably increased had not one of the
suction pipes been blocked with a rock
for five minutes. Going out to sea, the
bins were emptied in four minutes.
The point where the dredging, was
commenced to-day and where it will be
continued is along the south channel,
which Is the most narrow section of
the bar. There the obstruction Is less
than , a mile and a quarter wide, and
the real Bhoal or crest of the bar is
about three-eighths of a mile in width.
As it will require about forty minutes
for the Chinook to dredge across the
bar, dump her load at sea and return,
it is expected that five trips can be
made and 10,000 tons of sand taken out
on each tide worked. . . .
ASTORIA, Or., Nov. 25.— The dredger
Chinook has proved to be a big success,
and it Is confidently predicted by local
shipping men that the Columbia-River
bar, so long shunned and anathema
tized by mariners, is about to pass into
history. Shortly before high tide, the
Chinook was -headed across "the bar at
a speed of about six miles per hour.
She was fourteen minutes in going over
the shoal, and in that time 487% tons
of sand were pumped into her bins, a
rate of thirty-five tons per minute.
Commences the Gigantic Task of
Removing the Columbia
River Bar.
DREDGER CHINOOK WORKS
IN SATISFACTORY MANNER
OAKLAN. Nov. 25.— The Rev. Wil
liam Carson Shaw, rector of the Church
of the Advent, has been summoned to
Victoria, B. C, as a witness in the suit
of Edna Wallace Hopper, the actress,
to break the will of Alexander Duns
muir, the Canadian coal king, who
married the petite operatic artiste's
mother, Mrs. Josephine Hopper, in this
city in 1899. The clergyman officiated
at that wedding, which was a very
quiet affair. Besides the principals and
the minister only the two witnesses re
quired by law were present. ,
Dr. Shaw has declined to talk about
the case. His testimony will be taken,
it is expected, on the question of Duns
muir*s sanity. Miss Hopper has charged
that her stepfather was mentally in
competent to make a will because of
the effect of excessive liquor drinking.
The trial is set for December 1 at Vic
toria.
Rev. William Carson Shaw Called to
Victoria in Edna Wallace Hop
per's Case.
CLERGYMAN TO TESTIFY
IN DUNSMTJIR CONTEST
OAKLAND, Nov. 23.— Suit for divorce
was begun to-day by Ro3ie Golden
against Barnett Golden on the grounds
of cruelty. They were married a year
ago and she claims that very shortly
afterward he beat her. She also asks
that she be allowed to resume her
maiden name of Rosie Rosenzwelff.
J. Frank Hose has instituted divorce
proceedings against Carrie M. Hose,
whom he charges with cruelty. He al
leges that she refuses to cook his meals
for him and has told him she no longer
loves him.
Mismated Couples.
Among the officers and members who
have prepared the great feasts for the
200 homes are:
Mrs. William McLellan, honorary
president; Miss Lillian Nathan, presi
dent; Miss Miriam K. Wall is, first vice
president; Mrs. George H. Buckingham,
second vice-president; Miss Aimie
Wainwright, corresponding secretary;
Miss Ada E. Clarke, recording secre
tary; Mrs. Sigmund Bauer, treasurer;
Miss Hilda- Steinhart, Miss Meta
Thompson, Miss Virginia Gibbs, Miss
Cecile Frledlander, Miss. Hannah L.
Leszynsky. "¦ •
The officers of the' mission desire
through The Call to tender their thanks
for the liberal donations, both in money
and goods, they have received from be
nevolent people to aid in the ample
preparations of the hampers.
The headquarters of the San Fran
cisco Fruit and Flower Mission for Aid
ing the Needy Sick, located at 631 Sut
ter street, was a scene of activity yes
terday. Scores of the philanthropic
women connected with the mission
were busy preparing the great hampers
of Thanksgiving turkey dinners which
from 9 o'clock this morning until noon
will be distributed among those upon
whom fortune has not smiled quite
kindly.
In the hampers and cases are not
only fat and tempting birds, but the
most seasonable of vegetables, fruits,
pastries, and relishes. There will be 200
of these precious presents given and
the women philanthropists anxiously
anticipate the pleasure their efforts will
bring to many a home this festal day.
San Francisco Fruit and Flower
Mission Prepares Two Hundred
Thanksgiving Day' Dinners.
PHILANTHROPIC WOMEN
TO GIVE GOOD CHEER
The officers who are devoting so
much time to the arrangements for the
exhibition are: Honorary president,
Miss Mary B. West; president, Mrs.
Sidney Worth; secretary, Mrs. W. E.
Jackson; traasurer, Miss Jessie Wig
gins.
.Section 33, which is under the direc
tion of Miss Anna B. Head, who is in
Europe,' is in charge of Miss Frances
Doyle. This section also reveals the
handiwork of those who take an inter
est in assuring the old people some
substantial comfort in their declining
days.
The donations have not yet all been
received, but when they are all in the
exhibition on Saturday, it is expected
to surpass all previous efforts. Section
27, in charge of Mre. S. A. Kelley.for
Mrs. H. R. Muzzy, who Is at present in
Europe, is crowded with remarkable
assortments of everything that can be
useful to man and woman. There are
no less than 2200 articles, new, well
made and attractive.
The Needlework Guild of America,
San Francisco Branch, is busily oc
cupied in the gymnasium of .Miss
West's school, 2014 Van Ness avenue,
every day this week preparing to ex
hibit the large quantities. of new dur
able, useful articles of underwear for
.men, women and children, and bedding
generously made : or ". solicited by ' the
guild for the needy, and especially for
those dependent aged people in the
homes devoted to old folks.
PREPARES FINE GARMENTS
FOR AGED MEN AND WOMEN
San Francisco Branch of the Needle
work Guild of America to Ex
hibit Handiwork.
Mr*. Benjamin Ids TVheeler will be the host
at a reception to members, of tha Yutin* 1 IV o
men'a. Christian Association next* Saturday
afternoon at Stile* Hall. Among the feature*
of th» entertainment to b» provide.-! will N»
¦tereoptloon views by J. B. LanfleM and musi
cal selections by Miss I>uella Mclntyre.
Professor Newton H. Wlnchell. formerly
State geologist of Minnesota, and at present
professor of geology and mineralr>Ky at tha
University of Minnesota, Is a cu-*t of th«
university. He is investigating th« depart
ments ol geology, civil engineering and agri
culture.
BERKELEY, Nov. 23.— The Thankstfvlnj
recess will Include Thursday. Friday. Satur
day and Sunday. The library will only be
closed to-morrow owlijff to the nearness of the
midyear examinations. It will he kept op*it
on Friday between the usual hours, 9 and
8:45 o'clock and 7 and 10 o'clock, anil nn Sat
urday between 8 and 12 o'clock. Tha midyear
examinations will begin on Decemoer II and
the Christmas vacation will last from Decem
ber 21 to January 11-
Hen. William Jones, a member of the Brit
ish Parliament and also of a crimmtttee of
twenty-nine prominent Engltsnmen appointed
to study the educational nystcma in vogue la
the various countries ot the world, visited tha
university yesterday. In company wiUi Presi
dent Wheeler he visited the bulldinga at tha
university and inquired exhaustively into th<»
methods of teaching: adopted. Befort* leaving
California Mr. Jones wilt visit Stanford and
the minor schools of the Statp.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
Floor — Major Georse Fllmer, floor manager;
W. P. Humphreys and Charles Jelllnek, as
sistant floor nuinasers; the Arab Patrol.
Reception — George W. Wittman (chairman).
Charles L. Field, Charles L. Patton, Franklin
H. Day. Walter N. Brunt, Joseph C. Camp
bell. P.euben H. Lloyd, John A. Brltton, John
Tonnlngsen, Frank H. Sumner, Otto Boye,
William H. Jordan. L. M. Hoefler, J. W. An
derson, Harvey D. Loveland, Joseph Know
land, E. K. Taylor, M. E. Gatnes, Lipmun
Sachs. Frank B. Ladd. < .
Decoration — Theodore Relchert (chairman)
George K. Porter, J. A. Hammersmith, E. J
Benedict.
Executive — Colonel Charles II. Murphy
(chairman), William P. Humphreys (secre
tary). Major Georxe Fllmer, Thomas H.
Browne. C. S. Benedict. Dr. Frank C. Pasue,
R. B. Moore, J. A. Hammersmith, T. C. Hill,
Charles Jelllnek, A. F. Gunn, Henry B.
Schlndler, Theodore Cohn, Samuel Clarke, D.
R. Martens, Newton Neustadter, C. A. Farns
¦worth, F. S. Voshell, Charles K. Haven, W. J.
Glllesple, L. F. Breuner, E. S. Valentine.
Refreshments — D. R. Martens (chairman), J.
£. Bates Jr., Thomas Trebell.
Music — A. J. IJelamare (chairman), William
T. Crossman, Charles Van Orden, Ph. Jacob
vlcs.
The ladies' night of Islam Temple of
the Ancient Arabic Order of the Nobles
of the Mystic Shrine in Native Sons'
Hall last evening was one of the most
delightful and charming functions ever
given by this association. The hall was
most lavishly decorated,- the prevailing
hue being pink, relieved with garlands
of bright green and baskets of ferns.
Over the stage, where the orchestra of
twenty pieces was concealed behind
banks of flowers, was, in electric lights,
the well-known emblem of the order.
The programme was in the -form of a
camel and was a novelty in the way of
a souvenir. There were nearly 500
dancers on the floor, the ladies in ele
gant evening costumes and the gentle
men in full dress suits, each wearing
the red fez. Not a few of the young
ladles wore jaunty white fezes, each
bearing in gold embroidery the name
"Islam."
This very enjoyable and successful
function was under the direction of the
following named committees:
Delightful and Successful Social
Function Is Given in Native
' Sons' Hall.
ISLAM TEMPLE, SHRINEBS,
HAS A LADIES' NIGHT
The second eleven of the University
of California will play the winners of
the ¦ Fresno district at Fresno on No
vember 27 and New Year's day. The
trip will b*e in charge of Bon Woolsey.
BERKELEY, Nov. 25.— The proposed
board of coaches to train the football
squad next year was the principal
theme for discussion at the reception
given to the members of the varsity
football team last night by President
and Mrs. Wheeler. The football men,
who hitherto have been opposed to the
proposed board on the ground of un
wieldlness. were won over to the nev?
plan after listening to the explanation
of Dr. E. H. Flint of the athletics com
mittee. The coaching board, according
to Dr. Flint, will not be as complicated
as 'the one at first talked of. It will
consist of a head coach and two assist
ant coaches, all to be elected by the ex
ecutive committee. The head coach and
assistants will then choose two other
eld football mtn to act with' them,
these five to constitute the board. The
head coach, as chairman of the board,
will have full power over the field, and
the work of the board will be both
strategic and advisory. ,
Members of the Varsity Second Elev
en Will Play Two Games at Fresno
During Winter.
FOOTBALL, MEN FAVOB
NEW COACHING PLAN
He now asks that the default Judg
ment be set aside and that he be al
lowed to answer the suit. He claims that
as soon as he heard of the divorce he
set out for Oakland. He was ship
wrecked on the Yukon River and de
layed at St. Michael, but notwithstand
ing the difficulties he is at length la
a position to refute his wife's charges.
A month ago Mrs. Beckwith was
given a default Judgment against her
husband, and the matter was referred
to the Court Commissioner for the pur
pose of taking the evidence. Beckwith
claims that the entire matter has been
conducted through fraud and misrep
resentation, and that only by chance
did he come to know of the action
against him.
Beckwith says he left here last June
for Dawson City, to be gone for six
months. He says hia wife aided him
in his arrangements to leave and wrote
to him during his absence in answer
to letters written by him, but never a
word about the divorce. Thirty day*
after he left the complaint was filed,
she claiming that he failed to provide
for her.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. Nov. 23.
From the snows of Alaska Harvey
Beckwith has come to Oakland to an
swer a divorce complaint filed against
him by Matilda Beckwith. He claims
that he left here six months ago with
the kisses of his wife fresh upon his
lips, and that she never intimated that
she was getting him out of the way so
she could secure a divorce.
Dr. Herzl, mentioned in the letter, is
a leader of the Zionist movement in
Vienna and presided at the latest con
gress of delegates in August last at
Basle, Switzerland. He read at the
congress a written promise from Min
ister Plebwe, acting for the Russian
Government, that Russia would support
the project to secure a concession from
the Sultan of Turkey for the occupa
tion of Palestine. Dr. Nordau is a fa
mous alienist and pathologist and is a
leader of Zionists in France.
Both men named in the letter ad
vised consideration of another offer to
Zionists for a grant of a tract of 50,000
square miles in a British protectorate
in East Africa for the founding of the
contemplated Jewish hierarchy. This
scheme is now being investigated by
scientific explorers.
In his letter to the Russian Minister
Wiener intimates that Great Britain is
backing Dr. Herzl and Dr. Nordau.
This Is denied by Zionists in this city.
NEW TpRK, Nov. 25.— Here is a
translation of a letter from the secret
archives of M. Plehwe, Minister of the
Interior of Russia. The original, writ
ten in German, bears filing marks and
reference data of the office in St. Pe
tersburg, showing the date of its re
ceipt and the index number of the sub
ject matter:
NEW YORK. Aug. 27. — Excellency:
Several months have gone by since I laid
before his Excellency Count Cassini,
Russian Embassador at Washington, my
views about Rabbinical Judaism and
Zionism and offered him my services to
combat this danger and to disclose this
world swindle. The course of events
must have shown your Excellency how
risrht I was.
"Zionism is a political experiment on
the part of England, and Dr. Herzl and
Dr. Nordau are in English pay. Hav
ing been unsuccessful ip regard to Pal
estine, they have hit upon an exodus to
Africa and the above named leaders are
unscrupulous enough to lead their
brothers to destruction. I have a great
desire to write a whole book about the
business, which would completely justi
fy the conduct of your government, but
without your support I can do nothing,
as his Excellency Count Cassini will
confirm. In all devotion.
WIENER.
As the letter makes plain, an offer ,
is made covertly to supply information
to the Russian Government which may
discredit the Zionist movement and
justify the agents of the Czar in any
attitude they may assume toward
friends of the movement, which has for
its object the re-establishment of the
Jews in a country of their own. In an
interview the writer, under the misap
prehension that he was talking to an
emissary of the Russian Government,
not only made plain that it was his ob
ject to disclose alleged secrets of the
Zionists, which he said he was qualified
to do, but went further toward opening
negotiations for a supply of informa
tion.
Special. Dispatch"' to The Call.
Harriman and party, at the conclu
sion of to-morrow's ceremonies on the
cut-off, will go to the coast, inspecting
the improvements on the Southern
Pacific, especially between Ogden and
Reno. Nev.. long stretches of which
have been practically rebuilt.
"When this work is completed." 6aid
he, "the running time between Salt
Lake and the Pacific Coast will be about
twenty-two hours, and fifteen 'hours
will be about the time between Salt
Lake and Los Angeles when Senator
Clark's road is completed. Incidentally
these improvements have cost a little
money. During the past three years
there has been spent for improvements,
outside of rolling stock, a total of
$15.3.000,000."
At the Alta Club to-night Harriman
spoke briefly concerning the Great Salt
Lake cut-off and also referred to the
improvements made by the Union and
Southern Pacific systems.
The party was Joined at Ogden by
General Manager Julius Kruttschnltt,
General Passenger Agent E. O. Mc-
Cormick of the Southern Pacific and
General Passenger Craig of the Oregon
Railway and Navigation Company.
On arriving in Salt Lake the party
was taken by a committee of business
men for a tour of sight-seeing and at
6 o'clock attended a muslcale at the
Tabernacle. The party was given an
informal dinner, at the Alta Club and
the train left for Ogden at 10 o'clock.
The Lucin cut-off will be dedicated at
noon to-morrow.
SALT LAKE, Nov. 25.— President E.
H. Harriman of the Southern Pacific
arrived in Salt Lake on a special train
at 2 o'clock this afternoon. Accom
panying him was a party of prominent
railroad officials of the country, among
them being President Burt of the Union
Pacific, President Farllng of the Mil
waukee, President Wilcox of the Del
aware and Hudson, Vice President
Faithorn of the Chicago and Alton,
Vice President Harahan of the Illinois
Central and General Manager Gardner
of the Chicago and Northwestern and
General Manager Holdredge of the
Burlington and Missouri River Rail
road.
Concerning the Aleuts, who inhabit
the Alaskan peninsula and the adjacent
coast and the Aleutian Islands. General
Funston says that, although he never
visited their country, he is advised that
they are decreasing in numbers, owing
to the spread of tuberculosis, their
fondness for liquor and the hard condi
tions of their life, due to the scarcity of
game.
The Yukon Indians are described to
be in a primitive state, but are honest
and industrious. About the only re
ports of destitution among the natives
of the interior of Alaska, have been re
garding those on Copper river, but his
information was that these Indians
were trifling and worthless.
Concerning the Alaska Eskimo, Gen
eral Funston says, his existence has al
ways been a precarious one, dependent
upon his success in hunting and fish
ing. After the Eskimos obtained
breech-loading rifles from whalers in
the seventies, caribou were slaugh
tered in the most reckless fashion.
There is now. General Funston says, a
certain amount of destitution and occa
sional starvation among the Eskimos
of Bering sea and Kotzebue sound, but
it is duf to conditions which prevailed
years before the miners came to the
shore of Bering sea. The natives all
but exterminated the caribou and also
killed the walrus with the same reck
less regard for the future.
General Funston says that under fa
vorable conditions the reindeer enter
prise in Alaska will remove any causes
which may now exist for destitution j
amonsr the Eskimo?, but that they are
trifling and improvident. He recom
mends that they be put under control of
the Department of the Interior and
their aimless wandering and visits to j
mining towns and all settlements of |
unite men be prevented. He advises !
that under no circumstances should |
rations be distributed to them gratu
itously.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 25.— Brigadier-
General Frederick Funston. command
ing the Department of the Columbia,
has submitted to the Adjutant-General
of the army a report reviewing the re
sults of his investigations of reports of
destitution among natives of Alaska.
General Funston says his investigation
was made in the summer season and
that, as the destitution complained of
occurs only in the winter, the data he
obtained -was mostly from conversation
with traders, missionaries, miners and
other residents of the country. Most
of the natives along the coast of
Alaska. General Funston says, belong
to the Thlinket race. They are Indians,
not Eskimos, and he says there" never
has been any general destitution among
them. But despite their general pros
perity. General Funston says, there are
some discouraging features regarding
their condition, the principal ones being
tuberculosis and liquor.
Seeking an Investment for Alaskan
gold, Evans was induced to take
charge' of Ferndale Springs. Mrs.
Evans wag to have general supervision,
the Misses Evans to care for the com
fort of the guests, while the son was to
drive the bus. The waters, it was rep
resented, he could sell for Jl a gallon.
Evans said that he sold one meal for
35 cents to a traveler who had lost his
way and that represents the income of
the place for several months. He dis
charged the Chinese cook after the first
week and the family tried to even
things up by drinking the $1 a gal
lon water.
Finally Mrs. Evans became sick and
the doctor said it was from drinking
Impure water. A divided reservoir,
from one side of which was said to
come sulphur and from the other
water with the properties of magnesia,
was cleaned out and the spring imme
diately went dry. While there was a
spring on one side, the water had to
be poured into the other, and Evans
stated that his wife had been drinking
water many weeks old. This. satisfied
him, if more proof were needed, that he
had purchased a "gold brick" and he
instituted suit to recover $350 rent paid
out and $1500 damages.
John R. Evans, late lessee of the
Ferndale Springs Hotel, near Martinez,
Contra Costa County, told Judge Mel
vin to-day how it felt to be "mine
host" at a guestless hotel. He rented
the place from Benjamin F. von Ama
range, who, the complainant pleads, rep
resented the place as "a populous cara
vansary in the good, old summer time."
He also told how mineral springs were
made and the public fooled. The stock
of $1 50 whisky that Evans had laid in
he drank himself while waiting for the
summer horde of visitors that failed to
materialize and now Evans wants his
money back.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Nov. 25.
ALAMEDA, Nov. 25.— After firing a
bullet' into his forehead, evidently with
suicidal intent, and lying for two days
where he fell, ArchI Kai, a Japanese,
• was discovered to-day, more dead than
alive, in the servants' quarters in the
rear of the residence of Mrs. Janet E.
Jackson, 1S25 Clinton avenue. He was
removed to the Receiving Hospital in
Oakland, and the surgeons who attend
ed him believe that he has a chance of
recovery. They were" unable to extract
the leaden slug, which plowed through
the nasal bone and lodged close to the
brain. -
Kai was employed at the Jackson
residence for' two weeks. He was first
missed Monday night,, and members of
the household thought that the Japa
nese had become dissatisfied with the
place and left without notice. This
morning Miss Maude Jackson was
alarmed by moans Issuing from the
servants' qparters, and notified the po
lice. Patrolman Theodore Anderson re
sponded, and found Kai lying in his
lodgings, Veak from loss of blood and
unable to help himself. Anderson sent
the injured Japanese to the Receiving
Hospital in the city ambulance. Beside
the wounded man lay a 32-callber six
shooter with one chamber discharged.
Charles W. Armes,, a pioneer, 'who
crossed the plains In 1852 and was for
many years senior. member. of the firm
of Armes & Dallam, wood and willow
ware manufacturers -of San Francisco,
died to-day at his residence, 1201 West
street, at the age of 74 years. A year
ago the aged pioneer was utrlcken with
paralysis and had been In feeble health.
Born at Hadley, Mass., the deceased
pioneer was taken by his parents to
Michigan when he was 6 years old.
In 1852 young Armes started across the
plains with C. R. Thompson. They
mined for a year In Nevada. Armes
subsequently, with his brother, George
W. Armes, established In Sonoma
County the first broom factory In Cali
fornia- The firm of Armes & Dallam,
the Junior being R. V. Dallam, was
formed and existed until four years
ago, when George W. Armes died and
the pioneer house was dissolved. C. W.
Armes married Miss Susan E. Parker
of Battle Creek, Mich., In .1864. Mrs.
Armes survives, as > well aa a son, C.
W. Armes Jr, '
During a residence In Oakland cover
ing thirty-four years, Mr. Armes was
prominently identified with the First
Presbyterian Church, having been an
elder for thirty-two years. The funeral
will be held Sunday afternoon at 2:30
o'clock from the church.
• Oakland Office- ' San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Nov; 25.
Officer Proposes a Reserva
* tion for the Es-
quimo.
Waited in Vain for Summer
Horde and Now Wants
Money Back.
Death Ends Life That Was
Active During Earliest
Oalifornian Days.
Railrcad Men Will To-Day
Dedicate the Ogden-
Lucin Cutoff. .
Left With Kisses on Hia
Lip3 and Suit Immediately
1 Follows.
Declares Leaders in Jewish
Movement Are Paid
by England.
Makes Futile Attempt to End
' Life and Is Found When
• " Helpless.
John R. Evans Tells How
Guests Failed to
Materialize.
General Funston Re
ports on Conditions
in Alaska.
Charles W. Armes Passes
Away at Home in
Oakland.
Says Southern Pacific
Improvements Cost
$153,000,000.
New York Man Writes
Strange Letter to
Russian Official.
Harvey Beckwith Claims
Wife's Divorce Is
a Fraud.
Japanese Lies Two Days
With Bullet in His
Forehead.
RESORT WAS NOT
AS REPRESENTED
SAYS NATIVES
ARE WORTHLESS
HARRIMAN TALKS
OF EXPENDITURES
AGED PIONEER
GOES TO REST
ATTACKS PLAN
OF ZIONISTS
HUSBAND SAYS
HE IS BETRAYED
SUFFERS WHILE
SEEKING DEATH
THE SAN 1KANC18CO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBEfc 26, 1903.
Harvey D. Loveland, vice president
of the firm of Tillmann & Bandel, will
be united In marriage to Miss Lulu P.
Edwards this afternoon at 279 San Carl
loa avenue. . : _ *.'.¦.¦ •..-._:_¦•..-
OAKLAND, Nov. 23.— Islochl Murase,
a Japanese cook, who stabbed and
killed a fellow countryman in a Japa
nese restaurant last September, was
acquitted to-night in Judge Ellsworth's
court.
Acquits Japanese Knife Wielder.
OAKLAND, Nov. 25.— The installation
of the Rev. Edgar F. : Gee as, rector of
St. John's Episcopal Church will take
place Sunday morning at 10:30 o'clock.
The. Right. Rev. William Ford Nichols,
Bishop of the Episcopal diocese, will
officiate and preach the sermon.
Searching for News of Lost Steamer.
SEATTLE, Nov. 25.— The steamer
Rush is now searching for news of the
wreck of the steamer Discovery; which
is believed to have been lost in the
Bering Sea. ;When the Rush gets back
to SItka. which ought to be In a few
days now, some definite news may be
expected.
PARIS, Nov. 25.— The death is an
nounced of Clement A. Auffmordt, who
wag prominently connected with rail
way and sporting Interests. ¦ .
4
1TEW ADVEBTISEMENTS.
WAS BAXJ> SIX YEARS.
Three Months of the ITew Sciaatlflo
Treatment Restored Hia Hair.
Baldness Is caused by dandruff, which
is caused by a germ. Kill the perm and
it is almost certain that hair will grow
ajraln. If the follicle has not bren totally
destroyed. Nels Peterson of Lime Spur.
Mont., says: "I had been bald six years,
and had tried all kinds of 'cures,* but
without any benefit whatever, until I
tried Herplcide. November 16. 1S90. I
began using Herpicide. «nd in * threo
months a fine growth of hair covered my
head completely." Ask your druggist for
Herpiclde. Everybody can have luxuri-
ant, glossy hair if Herpiclde Is used
thoroughly. Take no substitute. Sold by
leadins drassists. Send 10c In stamps
for sample to The Herpicide Co.. Detroit,
Mich. •¦ ¦
ARTIFICIAL TEETti AT COST.
We guarantee to fit the hardest mouths anj
furnish a serviceable, natural-looking set of
teeth for the mere cost of material. Toet!»
Without Plates a Specialty. Gold. Silver and
Bone Fillings. «
Extraction Free. Cleaning Teeth Freevl.
Painless Methods. Graduates Only,
Week Days. 0 to 0: Sundays. 9 to 1.
POST-GRADUATE DENTAL COLLEOfi
San Francisco — 3 Taylor Street.
Oakland — 973 Watiinrton Street.
Ban Jo«e— 45 East Santa Clara Strte*.
Sacnuneato— -407Vi J Street.POSTAL OFFICIAL WHO HAS
BEEN CLEARED OF SERIOUS
CHARGES BY COMMISSIONER.
"Side Show Man" Dfes.
' iRCLEVILLE. Ohio. Nov. 25.— John
L?v.1s. said to be the "original side-
Fhotv man," is dead at his home here,
tC«d 74 years.
New Yorker Wants Money Back.
Thomas E. Sturgeon, a New Tork
capitalist, filed a suit 3'esterday for
S r »0 damages against the Bakersfleld
California OH Company. He alleges
that he was induced to invest that
amounf in the concern by, the false
representations of Collector of Internal
Revenue John C. Lynch. Internal Rev
enue Agent Thomas F. McLaughlin. R.
Hynes and J. J. Evans, directors of the
ST. PETERSBURG, Nov. 25.—To
day's storm did much damage to Cron
stadt harbor and the shipping there,
and it is feared that many wrecks -/will
be reported as the result of the gale.
Storm's Damage in Russia.
BOSTON, Nov. 25.— An' unknown man
who called at the office of the Boston
Note Brokerage Company nere to-day to
inquire about making a loan attacked
Miss Lillian B. Goff, the stenographer,
with a chisel. Inflicting serious wounds.
He struck the woman repeatedly on the
head anrUrhp is in a critical condition'
The man ftole $400 from the safe and es
caped.
Attacks Woman With a Chisel.
th* Judgment of the lower court in tne
rase of Charles Cole, who was convicted
of stealing ten bales of carpet from
the Indianapolis Furniture Company of
this cits'. The offender was sentenced
to serve eight years at San Quentln.
It was argued by the defendant's at
torney that the trial court had erred
in aamlttinc certain testimony of Po
lice Detective Thomas Ryan. When the
ir.attrr was brought before the Su
premo Court on appeal the Attorney
General admitted error.
The Justices, however, considered
that thr mistakes did not prejudice the
rase against the defendant and the sen-
was reaffirmed. Cole must now
gr> to San Quentln.
REAFFIRM JUDGMENT
OF LOWER TRIBUNAL
Justices cf Supreme Court Declare
That Charles Cole Must OFo to
I Prison.
The Supreme Court has reaffirmed
UNION PACIFIC MAKES
SPLENDID SHOWING
According to Annual Statement the
Road Earned Nearly Five Mil
lions Net.
NEW YORK, Nov. 25.— The annual
report of the Union Pacific Railroad
for the fiscal year ended June 30, 190J,
issued to-day, shows gross earnings of
$51,075,183. an increase of $3,574,909; op
erating expenses, $28,747,216, an increase
of $3,187,990; net earnings, $22,327,973,
an increase of $386,919. and a net sur
plus after deducting betterments and
dividends of $4,943,474, an increase of
$627,514. , ¦'•::;
The report says that increased wages,
the greater cost of materials and sup
plies and the Increased expenses which
always attend a congestion of traffic
such as existed last fall have added
greatly to operating expenses. The es
timate for the" replacement of the prop
erty damaged by floods amounts to
about one and one-half million dol
lars. Although a considerable part of
the damage was repaired during Junt
and Included in ope/ating expenses, it
was thought best to set aside out of
the year's income $500,000 to complete
the reconstruction of the property de
stroyed. •
Morrow and Barrett Are Free.
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 25.— Sustaining a de
murrer filed . by the defense to the effect
that no conspiracy had been proven
against* either, of the defendants, Judge
Adams this afternoon acquitted W. A.
Morrow, assistant secretary to Governor
Dockery. and Thomas E. Barrett, former
clerk of the St. Louis Court of Appeals,
on the charge of naturalization frauds.
BIDDERS DECIDE TO
LOWER THEIR PRICES
Offer Made . to Supply 'Cement for
Nevada Irrigation Project at i.v
, $2 55 a Barrel. ..
WASHINGTON. Nov. 25.— The In
terior Department to-day received '* an
offer for furnishing the 30,000 barrels
of cement needed for the Truckee! ir
rigation project in Nevada at $2 55 a
barrel, . instead of $2 75 asked in : th<?
bids recently.' George F. , Stone of Sai.
Francisco, representing one of the in
terested parties, has made the offer and
the other' bidders have, agreed on that
figure.' : No r actionhas.yet.been taken
regarding" the offer. :
Mine Resumes Operations.
SAN JOSE. Nov. 25.— The Santa Teresa
quicksilver mine, near Edenvale, this
county, has resumed operations and the
managers expect : to begin shipping ore
shortly. A short time ago the mine closed
down because", the process of smelting
was 'imperfect, but this difficulty has
since been overcome. About sixty men are
now at work. The mining company, which
is composed : of Boston capitalists, has
expended about i $250,000 in ' labor, furnaces
and buildings. For two weeks . the fur
naces have ": been - going ' and a . clean-up
will 'soon be made. The • owners * of the
mine are pleased at the outlook.
. ,The things that people want to know
the most are usually none of their busi
ness. ¦
' Just previous to the Civil War a bushel
of corn ' represented more than four, and
one-half hours of; human labor, at af.cost
of 35% cents; while to-day! forty-one min
utes of .. labor : - the same amount
for. 10% cents.' * ' -: :
Californians in Washington.
Arrivals: New Willard, Francis J.
Henry, San Francisco; Raleigh, Lester
L. Morse. Santa Clara.
Theo Lur.stedt. who was elected Su
pervisor, filed a bond of $5000. with a
surety company as sponsor.
Mavor Schmitz yesteMay returned
from his southern tup." Md several
fewly elected city officials took the op
portunity to file their bond? The Mav
or when aske ' if he would approve
bonds given with personal .sureties he
replied that he would follow the ex
ample of his predecessor ar.d require
& bond .¦from &. surety company. The
5L*ycr said thit there was danger of
personal sureties transferring their
properties, and in case of any dereliction
:-~n thf> r>art of an official It would be
imposElb 1^ to collect on the bond.
Assessor Dodge presented his official
bond in the sum of $50,000. with James
D. Phelan and Lot. Is Rosenfeld as sure
ties. As already told In The Call.
Dodge took this means to escape the
exactions of the sure*.y companies,
which have doubled the premiums for
bonds. Dodge was unable to eee the
Mayor, but in the light of the latter's
declaration it may result in compelling
Dodge to file a surety bond.
Says He Wirl Follow Predecessor's
Example in Requiring Surety
Companies as Sponsors.
3IAY0R -WTLL REFUSE TO
APPROVE PERSONAL BONDS
NEW YORK. Nov. 25. — The following
Californians registered here to-day:
From San Francisco— A. Furuseth. at the
Ashland; W. Macarthur, at the Ashland;
J. G. Paton. at the Astor House; O. A.
Tveitmoe. at the Bartholdi; Mrs. F. P.
Frank. Mrs. C. Walker, at the Manhat
tan: S. Salisbury, at the Murray Hill.
From Los Angeles — A. Carter and wife,
at the Astor: F. Drake, at the Hotel
Bartholdi;. S. Guathl, at the Union
Square.
Californians in New York.
"I have received your letter In re
sponse to my note of this morning, and
I am exceedingly sorry that you have
failed to prove a man of your word.
I had every reason to expect from so
prominent an Hawaiian, and one who
had such a hleh standing among your
race, that I could rely upon the state
ment, repeated twice. to me, that it was
your intention to withdraw and leave
me ?ree to work with such heads of
departments as would work with me
and in whom I could repose confidence.
Such confidence is now out of the ques
tion." ,;
Kepoikai replied with a letter, in
which he denied that he had made the
promises to resign, referred to by Car
ter, and argued that there was no law
or rule of courtesy requiring him to
tender a resignation. Kepoikai was for
merly a Circuit Judge on the island of
Maul. He is said to be backed in his
present attitude by the anti-Carter fac
tion in Honolulu. An effort Is being
made by them to secure Washington
influence against the confirmation of
Carter. . • » /
Governor Carter will hold the written
resignations of all the heads of depart
ments subject to his acceptance at any
time, with the exception of Treasurer
A. N. Kepoikai. who did not resign
when former Governor Dole was ap
pointed United States District Judge.
Acting Governor George R. Carter re
cently addressed a letter to Treasurer
A. N. Kepoikai, asking for an expre3»
slon of his views as to offering his res
ignation, in view of the change
in administration. Kepoikai's reply
was to the effect that he did not con
sider that it was his duty to resign, hav
ing been appointed for a term of years,
and that he intended to remain !n his
office. Carter replied with a note as
follows:
HONOLULU. Nov. 25.— Governor
Carter has reappointed L. Andrews as
Attorney. General; Alatau T. Atkin
son, Superintendent of Public Instruc
tion, and J. H. Fisher, Auditor of the
Territory^ He has accepted the resig
nation of Edward S. Boyd, Commis
sioner of Public Lands, and has ap
pointed Assessor J. W. Pratt to Boyd's
post, and C. S. Holloway, Superintend
ent of Public Works.
Sharp Letters Pass Be
tween Carter and
Kepoikai.
Sir David Evans, former Lord Mayor
of London, accompanied by his two sons
and daughter, arrived from the Orient
yesterday and is registered at the
Palace. The distinguished Englishman
lias been making a tour for pleasure ar.d
is now returning to London. Sir David
Evans is a director of the Anglo-Ameri
can Bank and several insurance compa
nies and in his own country is known
'as a great huntsman. He was formerly
master of the West Surrey stag-hounds.
James L. Flood and wife, who have
been abroad for several months, returned
to this city yesterday.
Alonzo H. Stewart, assistant sergeant
at arms of the United States Senate, who
has been enjoying a vacation in the Phil
ippines and China, returned yesterday on
the Hongkong Maru and Is registered at
the Palace.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Giving force to Mr. Richardson's testimony
Mr. Errrin's explanation of the signing of thla
report by him under the circumstances stated
Mr. Richardson's testimony before me is a
fulj confession that he offered and caused the
delivery of the stock to Beavers and com
pletely exonerates Mr. Erwin frotn any com
plk-ity with these stock transactions.
There Is no act, as far as disclosed by the
testimony, on the part' of Mr. Erwin upon
this trip to Washington, that is. In my opinion.
In itself wrongful. Therefore If the testimony
of Mr Richardson is true there Is no evi
dence 'connecting Mr. Erwin with the con
rplracy as to matters transpiring at that time.
This presents two prepositions: K*m. does
the evidence warrant the conclusion that the
testimony of Mr. Richardson In regard to the
events which transpired upon saM visit Is not
true, that Mr. Erwin did know of such stock
transaction and lent his . Influence to the
furtherance of the same? Second, If the tes
timony does not warrant such conclusion and
Mr. Erwin Is found not guilty of participating
In the alleged conspiracy at that time, does
the testimony show that at some subsequent
time Mr. Erwin. having learned of the un
lawful character of the transactions connected
with the ordering of these device* as afore
said Joined in the conspracy and participated
therein, with the Intent to defraud the United
States? * • • • ¦ •
A FULL CONFESSION.
The conspiracy charged had Its Inception,
at least so far as it involved Mr. Machen,
upon this trip to Washington made by Mr.
Richardson and Mr. Erwin In November of
l&O. It vu at that time that the offers of
stork were made to Beavers and Machen. as
appears from the testimony.
In a matter of this nature men do not usually
violate the law without some incentive to do
so by way of personal gain. The acceptance
by Mr. Machen of 1000 shares of stock as
aforesaid presents a direct motive In this case,
and is the only financial consideration shown
by the testimony to have been received by
him in connection with the aforesaid orders
for the device In question.
Although It appears from his own evidence
that he is a co-consplrator with Beavers and
Machen to defraud the Government, whose in
terest as an officer he Is sworn to uphold
and protect, no Indictmnt hangs over him;
he may voluntarily Incriminate himself with
out fear of punishment, while Incriminating
his co-conspirators; since he is ypoeses»ed of
such knowledre and thus free to reveal the
whole truth.
RICHABDSON CHABGED.
In speaking of D. S. Richardson, the
principal witness for the prosecution,
Judge Heacock says:
There is nothing wrongful in Mr. Erwin
taking euch Interest In the device or desiring
to see Its adoption by the Government. These
facts taken alone cannot militate airalnu the
defendant. • • •
That Mr. Erwin took a very active Interest
In Mr. Richardson's device, studying its de
tails and making suggestions with a view of
improving the same, and believed the device
to be useful and of great benefit to both the
public and the service, and that he was de
sirous of having the same adopted by the
Government, fully appears by the evidence,
and to such effect is the testimony of the
defendant himself.
Judge Heacock then discusses the in
dictment and expresses the opinion
that the time indicator device is both
useful to the public and of benefit to
the service and adds:
The essential and material <jue«Uon to be
determined Is: What does the evidence dis
close that the defendant Erwin did. or assist
in doing, ¦with intent to defraud the United
States, that eo Induced Mr. Machen to violate
his official duties by ordering these devices
without previous advertising for bids as afore
said? • • •
CASE BITTERLY PROSECUTED.
The opinion occupies about S000
words and enters exhaustively into a
discussion of the testimony. The fol
lowing are extracts:
I have patiently examined and considered
the evidence submitted in this cause ar.d the
more so because, on the one hand, of the In
sistence and vigorous prosecution of the United
States Attorney and as appears in his brief
filed before me. the Attorney General's urgent
request that the defendant b» held for trial,
and also, as appears in evidence, the yummary
dismissal of the defendant from office; and
upon the other, lest by my decision I do an
Injustice to the defendant, who. it appears,
has been a trusted officer of the Government
for upward of fifteen years, and wl.ose char
acter has been hitherto, as admitted by the
United States Attorney, without reproach.
The defendant was visibly affected
when Judge Heacock. toward the close
of his lengthy opinion, pronounced the
words that made him a free man. Mr.
Erwin's friends crowded around him,
shook his hand and congratulated him.
United States Court Commissioner
Heacock yesterday rendered his decis
ion in the matter of the removal of
James W. Erwin to "Washington to
stand trial on an indictment charging
conspiracy with W. W. Machen and
August Beavers to defraud the Govern
ment by selling to it the Montague-
Richardsdn time - indicator for letter
boxes.
Commissioner Heacock decided that
Erwin was innocent of the charges and
discharged him.
BUTTE, Mont., Nov. 25.— Captain Roo
ney, a well-known pioneer in Montana, is
dead in St James Hospital, where he
has been lying for two months, suffering
from the effects of a severe beating at the
hands of robbers who trfed to steal from
him the proceeds of a mine sale. Captain
Rooney participated in the famous battle
of the Merrimae and Monitor, being on
the Confederate ironclad.
Victim of Brutal Bobbers.
I cannot hold the defendant on the as
sumption that there Is other evidence which
was presented to the Grand Jury or la In pos
resslon of the Government, which. If the same
had been adduced before me. would have been
sufficient. I find that there Is not sufficient
reason to believe the defendant guilty of the
offense complained of and order him dis
charged.
While Mr. Erwin did receive 500 shares of
stock. I do not flnd that such stock was re
ceived for any unlawful acts on his part, or
that the *am« was out of proportion to the
services Mr. Erwin rendered to the company,
if the same were given without knowledge of
the fraud or Intent to defraud the Govern
ment. • • •
EARNED THE SHARES.
For some reason, by wMch. In the opinion
of the prosecuting officers, the ends of pub
lic Justice would best be subserved, Mr. Rich
ardson was not indicted in connection with
the alleged conspiracy. It would seem that
this reascn can be none other but that the
Government expects by the testimony of Mr.
Richardson to prove the charges against the
other alleged conspirators. In view of these
circumstances and that Mr. Richardson Is free
to tell the whole truth In regard to all these
matters. I do not fe«I Justified in discrediting
hl.< testimony in regard to the most vital cir
cumstances in this case, and I can reach no
other conclusion but that Mr. Erwin was not
concerned at the time of his visit to Wash
ington in the Inducements held out to Mr.
Machen which caused him to violate his offi
cial dutl»s by ordering these devices in vio
lation of the regulations of the department.
I do not find in the evidence sufficient 'reason
to believe that after that time Mr. Erwin
became a party to the conspiracy. I flnd n/>
evidence of any Incentive or overtures made
by Mr. Erwin to Mr. Machen. or any act on
th* part of Mr. Erwin that was Intended to
Induce him to violate the duties of his office,
or that, 'With Intent to defraud the United
States, Mr. Erwin assisted others in further
ing this conspiracy or Inducing Mr. Machen
to violate his official duties r.s aforesaid.
PROSECUTOR NOT INDICTED.
and his want of knowledge as to some of the
matters contained therein- appears to me to
te reasonable. • • •
- PAID FOB SERVICES. .
-, Mr - Erwin states that he understood the
nrty snares in the original companv were given
to htm for suggested improvements in the
oevlce and Mr. Richardson's testimony Is to
the same effect. Upon thf~ urbanization of
the new company the capital stock was In
creased from 20,000 shares to 40,000 shares
and Mr. Erwln was given 100 shares In lieu of
his fifty shares in the old compuny.
Th«? 50O shares voted to him after the re
organization. Mr. Erwin states that he was
also told were given to him for the suggested
improvements in the device; that he never
a*ked for any stock: that his. services were
riven purely as a' matter of friendship for
Mr. Richardson, and that the 500 shares were
offered to him and ' he accepted the same.
There was no concealment as to the stock
given Mr. Erwin, or that criven to Mr. Thrall
who. it appears was als>o riven 500 shares.
It docs not appear what services were ren
dered by Mr. Thrall, who Is also connected
with the Po6toffice Department in advancing
the interests of the company, and there Is no
contention that the stock voted to him was
for any influence in connection with these
contract*. While it appears that Mr. Erwin
had taken a very active interest in Mr. Rich
ardson's Invention, and had put himself to
inconvenience at Mr. Richardson's request to
KCUrfl the adoption of this device by the Gov
ernment, if his actions were Innocent In re
pard to the adoDtion of said device by the
Government I see nothing unreasonable In It
self in the presenting: of this stock to Mr.
Erwin for his services to the company.
Richardson's testimony before me is a full
confession that he alone, without the assist
ance of Mr. Erwin. offered the stock and
caused t^e delivery of the same to Beavers
ani Machen. and throughout the evidence in
this case he substantially corroborates the tes
timony of the defendant.
new development in criminology he
puts a new attachment on his safe to
protect it against the designs of the in
ventive safe-crackers. On the night of
November 21, which Avas last Saturday,
the inventor drew six days' wages as
a fresco artist and went out in the by
ways to find new criminals to gain in
formation for the further protection of
his burglar-proof safe. On Kearny
street, he said, he met three men whom
he knew for safe-crackers. In company
with them he went to an opium place
at 522% Pine street, where he hoped to
have them,divulge new secrets in regard
to electrical drills and other matters
that have followed in the wake of crim
inal scientific Investigation. When he
came out of the hop Joint several hours
afterward he discovered that the sup
posed safe-crackers also knew how to
filch from a well-guarded pocket. He
was a loser $33, which he had failed to
protect with one of his burglar devices.
He told a policeman his troubles and
the "hoo. Joint" was raided. Charles
Bacigalupi was the only one of the
smokers whom the Inventor could even
partly identify, and he was taken into
custody on the charge of robbery.
Judge Mogan listened to the story in
extenso and intimated that the com
plaining witness' story "sounded off
pitch to him," and then drifted off into
humming, a popular tune. Bacigalupi's
record will be looked up, and if it is
not entangled with the criminal history
of the world as set forth in the police
records he will be told to go his way
in the paths of rectitude.
Judge Mogan stood forward on the
outward battlements of his judicial
castle yesterday and ba> v led a warning
to those who take advantage of a party,
telephone line to abuse their .neigh
bors. Emma Brandt v.-as the defend
ant in the case and she lives at Jones
and Vallejo streets. Whenever ,-s.he
found that MrsT^Whalen, who llves^at
518 Vermont street, was trying to com
municate with the butcher, the baker
or the candlestick-maker she would
pull the telephone off the hook and
pour forth a flood of vindictiveness
that would appal the Whalen house
hold. From the testimony the Judge
concluded" that Emma Brandt was
guilty, and he told her: "The mean
est and most cowardly manner of
aration is abuse over a telephone. The
present charge, against you has been
proved to my satisfaction, but I feel
that you are entitled to a postponement
of thirty days. In the meantime if any
proof is presented to me that you have
resumed your' abuse over the telephone
I will be compelled to inflict a severe
penalty."
The preliminao' hearing of Police
man Joseph Fell for the murder of his
father-in-law, Fritz Dirking, on the
night of November 3, occupied the en
tire attention of Judge Fritz's court
yesterday. Among the witnesses was
a son of the slaughtered man, who tes
tified on cross-examination that he had
secured a revolver and endeavored to
kill Fell during the course of his inva
sion of the home. From the trend of
the questions asked on cross-examina
tion it was apparent that Fell intends
to introduce self-defense as an excuse
for manslaughter.
The San Francisco retail grocers have
secured the backing of the Board of
Trade, the MiMmen's Association and
the Wholesale Grocers' Association In
their movement against trading
stamps. As a result they report that
all their members and most of the few
grocers who are not members of their
organization have given up the use of
this peculiar system, against which the
merchants are warring.
The retail grocers have asked the co
operation of the Merchants' Association
in a letter, in which they say that the
customers who collect trading stamps
r'>y a very high price for what they
think they are getting for nothing. The
Merchants' Association has taken the
matter up, and the ultimate result may
be that the merchants of this city, as
in Oakland, will give up the use of
trading stamps. The letter of the gro
cers is as follows:
Merchants' Association of San Francisco—
Gentlemen: Thi» organization fcaa taken up a.
movement which Is In line with similar move
ments all over the United States. There is
Y...- :~.y a community In this country but that Is
differing from the Infection cf trading stamps.
This is a device Tchich savors largely of black
mail. 6ince it forces merchants to fpend money
ttalr.st their will lor wbich they secure no ade
quate return or imposes upon them the necessi
ty r,f u«:n* tome other premium scheme, all of
which art very expensive.
While this echeme co^tf far more than it Is
worth to retail merchants. It also costs far
more than it Is worth to consumers.
When only a few dealers gave stacsps they
possessed enough of advertising value to trar
rar.t tiie merchants counting this expenditure
t .- advertising expense.
When the ure of trading stamps and other
premium pchenies induced by trading stamps
twijne general, their value In drawing trade
¦was lost. The merchants using them found It
reefssary to advance their prices. This ad
vance i* usually enough not only to cover the
cost cf .the e.tair.ps — which in ecme stores is
over J"..v> per month — but also to give the dealer
a profit on his investment. In this way the
consumer, who has filled a book with 1000
stamps, for which the dealer has paid the
trading stamp company $5. has paid the dealer
fer in excess of $5 lor the stamps. But they
find en going to the trading stamp company
that they are entitled to a cheap vase worth
cbout 11 75, cr seme other similar article cf
•Fuch evident cheap value that the stamp col
>^tor is usually disappointed at her own fooi
!«hr.ees in wasting the time she has been de
i»ye<" in waiting for clerks to give her stamps
W« explain this matter fully because we feel
that the members of the Merchants" Associa
tion owe it not only to themselves, but to the
city of Ban Francisco to lead the weight of
their ir2uer.ee and resources to a movement
to rlfl the city cf this pest which Is hurtful to
all who are concerned with It in any way
*>xcppt the clever schemers who make use of
it to grow wealthy at the expense of the ren
ersl public.
our organization has undertaken the move
tr.fr.t to secure the abandonment of trading
ttarr.ps trees* the retail grocers. We hav«
progressed very satisfactorily. "vVe feel how
ever, that the permanency cf our success de
pends upon our being able to render It un
profitable for the trading stamp companies to
continue In business in San Francisco
This can only be dene if merchants of all
elates g:ve up the use of trading stamps as
they have done In Oakland since the machine"
Z\ S®* 1 " 11 * thf Jr wa«room B and c.'flces
S£L b€ X 00 J**!* 0 *** t0 warrant their con* I
tlsutnc* If the income cf the trading c,™ !
eemjames were cut eff materially e -»rap ,
Our board of directors has appointed a. pom J
Kam Ijenhoff. and Messrs. f. Claussei and -vrJ! 1
During the interval that the youth
and the burglar stood eying each
other, however, the youth was enabled
to gather a good description of the fel
low.
"He wore gold-rimmcd eyeglasses, a
brown coat and trousers, with stripes
up and down and cross-wise," said
young Morgan, "and I got a good look
at his face, so that I think I would
recognize him if I saw him again. He
wore a red beard, but I think it was
false because the rest of his hair was
brown. He had a derby hat on his
head and white tennis shoes on his feet,
so that he wouldn't make any noise."
The burglar carried with him when
he jumped out of the window a silver
watch and a Berkeley High School pin,
but in his Hisht he dropped the watch.
This was afterward found hanging on
a rose bush in the garden. So that all
the burglar got for his trouble was the
pin.
This is the second time the Morgan
home, of which George W. Morgan is
the head. ha3 been robbed within eight
days. A burglar entered the house last
Tuesday night while the family was at
dinner and carried away some $800
worth of valuables.
The burglary to-day was committed
while there were seven people in the
house. Mr. Morgan was taking a nap
downstairs, one of the three Misses
Morgan was in her own room upstairs,
and the other two were going about
downstairs, the two younger boys were
downstairs too, attending to various
duties. The Japanese cook was in the
kitchen. Nobody suspected the pres
ence of a burglar in the house, particu
larly so soon after the robbery of a
week ago.
George C. Morgan, t a youth of 12
years, came upon a burglar a.t work in
an UDStalrs room of his home at 2326
Cottage avenue at 3:30 o'clock this aft
ernoon. The youth and burglar saw
each other at the same time and each
was so frightened for a moment that
he did not move. The burglar gath
ered his wits first, however, and hurry
ing to a window let himself down by
means of the veranda , uprights and
hurried off. By the time young Mor
gan had alarmed the other members of
the household there was no burglar In
sight. . '
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2118 Center Street, Nov. 25.
Retail Grocers of City irfa
Letter Tell of Objec
tions.
Thief Goes Through House
Where Seven People
Move About.
ASKS TREASURER
TO STEP OUT
Fred Martin, who lives at 2239 Mis
sion street, when at his usual occupa
tion limns out the figures of Cupids
and angels on ceilings that are gener
ally viewed by the majority of man
kind through the bottom of a beer
glass. But beyond that Frederick has
an ambition, as he told Judge Mogan
yesterday. He is the inventor of a
burglar-proof safe. Since 18SS he has
been working during his spare mo
ments on the scheme. He-has a safe
planned, and through it thieves cannot
break and steal nor moths .corrode or
rust. But since he began his labors of
invention the safe-breaking fraternity
have been busy and have invented new
designs for making wallpaper out of
burglar-proof steel. Accordingly Mar
tin, has sought out the.«e purlieus of
criminals to learn their secrets for
many years, and every time he finds a
• • •
When William Coffey was called be
fore Judge Cabaniss on the charge of
drunkenness yesterday morning, and
the arresting officer testified that Wil
liam -was disturbing the peace of pedes
trians on Kearny street, the defendant
said he was perfectly sober. "I had
only taken about a dozen drinks," said
fhe. defendant, "and .that would even
start me."
„' "It doesn't particularly matter to me,"
said the modern philosopher, "whether
you had taken one drink or twenty. In
Police Courts we are greatly hedged
around by statutory provisions in dis
position of cases. I believe the charge
against you should be that of disturb
ing the peace. However, it would be
exceedingly difficult and expensive to
the taxpayers of this city and county
to summon before this court all of the
men and women you disturbed on
Kearny street after you had taken only
twelve drinks. Accordingly I will find
you guilty of being drunk and commit
you to the County Jail for three
months. When a man has drunk too
much he is drunk, and should realize
it and find some place to sleep It off
without annoying those who are more
careful In their indulgences."
When aeons have rolled around and
Mount Tamalpais has belched forth a
volcanic flood on San Francisco to the
obliteration of all its fair history, arch
aeologists from the new continents in
the- South Seas,* searching for' traces
of the silk hat of former ages, may run
across the parched notes of Judge Ca
baniss' stenographer and gain for the
world a new ethical definition for the
term "drunkl"
George RMorgan Walks
in Upon Daylight
Intruder.
Merchants' Association
Is Asked to Take
Action.
Marks a .' New Era in Definition of Word
Drunk, and Sentences Man Who Pleaded
He .Had Taken Only Twelve Drinks
TRADING STAMP
WAR CONTINUES
BOY INTERRUPTS
BURGLAR'S WORK
JUDGE CABANISS DIFFERS
FROM. OLDER THEORISTS
THE 5AN FBANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOYEMBER 26, 1903.
Court Commissioner's Findings in Case of
the Accused Postal Official Clear the
Latter of the Charge Made Against Him
ERWIN IS EXONERATED
BY HEACOCK'S DECISION
5
BERKELEY PROFESSOR'S
STRANGE LIFE
AMONG THE CLIFF
DWELLERS.
NEXT SUNDAY CALL
SEE THE PHOTOGRAPHS.
- ;, ADVEBTISEaCENTS. \
JFj^j^^rTjItfj tow «€ 1 Mk 8 &¦ 1 %*%£
jEjjHgjttr MAO iL I imm La
Positively cured by these
little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
J feet remedy fbr Dizziness, TCausea, Drowsf-
atss, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongae
Paia in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
8ma!i PHI. Small Dos©.
Small Price.
Dressing for
Thanksgiving
I Is a time when one wants to look his
\ best, and that no one can do without
j perfectly laundered linen. By means of
! our skill, experience and careful atten-
i tlon to details we will do the launder-
! ing. and when you once get your shirts.
j collars and cuffs done up by us there
will be no trouble in you doing the rest.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
omen: 1004 marset stbeet.
Near Powell. -v^y
Pure, Pde and Sparkling. Bottled
Only «t the Brewery la St. Louis.
SOLD EVERYWHERE.
HILBKKT MERCANTILE COl.
PaclSc Coast Agents.
— -7^
/nh EXPERT OPTICIANS, vfes
IUa maiie ° GiiL|srs y ($
J *'^J Prescription C^\
W EYE GUSSES W
LJ At Modsrata Cost, w
MKtafiiSB
Notice p hereby given that the taxes
on all personal property secured by
real property and one-half of the taxss
on real property will be due and pay-
able on Monday. November 2, 1903, and
will be delinquent on. Monday, Novem-
ber 20. 1903. at 6 o'clock p. m., and un-
less paid prior thereto, fifteen per cent
will be added to the amount thereof,
and that If said one-half be not paid
before the last Monday in April next
at 6 o'clock p. m.. an additional five per
cent will be added thereto; that the re-
maining one-half of the taxes on all
real property will be payable on and
after the first Monday in January next,
and will be delinquent on the last Mon-
day in April next thereafter at i
o'clock p. m., and unless paid prior
thereto, five per cent will be added to
the amount thereof.
That all taxes may be paid at the
time the first installment as herein,
provided is due and payable.
That said taxes are due and payable
at the office of the Tax Collector. New-
City Hall. ; V .
N. B. — For the convenience of tax-
payers unable to call during ths day.
this office will be open continuously .
during the month of November from
8:30 a. m. to 9 p . m.. commencing Mon-
day. November 16, 1903.
Taxpayers whose assessed valuation
Is covered by mortgage will this year. .
owing to the Increased valuation for
State purposes, have a tax to pay.
and should in all cases ask for their
bills.
Taxpayers will greatly facilitate this
office and themselves by bringing last
year's tax bills.
(Signed) EDWARD J. SMITH.
Tax Collector of the City- and County
of San Francisco.
3l£! — . %*1 '£¦* pAjr?fl1 rfyj -«_*<¦ -» JW
prj Iv IQ Cp^ gc'Tf J tfrj*j fiSCCj M j wf ITfi
¦ am w u a m n Corad to STAY CCRKXV Caa*>
li \ I H SUM II Urkin.Trrretam. £»ti»rtlT ¦
¦¦W I II itll 1 UT wken. No farti.r md o. 1
aniiriBM. Book 60 FREE. Vimetr vme—. alUhnnl
littm inri Hjj f otw. P. Kaxoia IL*jr*e, Buffalo, N.T.
DR. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
SPJQWW for WOMEN
WHO CANNOT BB CURED.
Backed up by over a third of a century
of remarkable and ' uniform cures, a
record such as no other remedy for the
diseases and weaknesses peculiar to
women ever attained, the proprietors of
Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription now
feel fully warranted in offering to pay
I500 in legal money of the United
States, for any case of Leucorrhea, Fe-
male Weakness, Prolapsus, . or Falling
of Womb which they cannot cure. All
they ask is a fair and reasonable trial of
their means of cure.
The Vice-president Independent Order
of Good Templars.
An experience which many women have was
related by Miss Ae-aes Stebbings, of 231 East
30th Street, New York City, aa follows: "I
had verv poor health for a year until life
looked dark aad dreary to me. Had head-
cches. . backache, also paia. my deep was
broken asd fitful. I longed for health. Tried
several medicines bat none were of any last-
ing benefit until I took Doctor Pierce's Fa-
vorite Prescription. I . soon realized that I
had found the right reaedy. It helped nature
to throw off the poisons that saturated the
system, removed ail pains and strengthened
the digestive organs, and brought the roses of
health back: to my cheeks. This medicine if
taken occasionally keeps the system in perfect-
condition, helping it to throw off the disease
and consequences of exposure to dampness. I '
am pleased to give it my endorsement."
"Favorite Prescription 1 * makes weak
¦women strong, sick women well. 'Ac-
cept no. substitute for the medicine
which works wonders for weak women.
Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical
Adviser is sent free on receipt of 21 one-
ceat stamps for the paper-covered book,
or 31 stamps for the cloth-bound. Ad-
dress Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo. N. Y.
dvisrr DR. JORDAN'S great 4
[MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
A Q& lC5IMaUlTST.t«t.6:U7a,S.r.Cii:i
\ \- . CJ^ The Largest Anatomical Museum ia the \
Q liiAjii— Wor!d tWeaksewet or aay comr«c!fd A
X. S5S3W <•»«« P** 111 " 1 ? *¦«¦»« by the olden f
Q S S3 Speo*"* «"» "»* Com. E»c 34 yean. Q
A $6f£ OR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
\ t^kSfl} Comultation free »nd Krirtly priT»Te. \
W J J&'it Treatment personally or by letter. A Q
ap\ Hi Write for Bx>k. PHILOwOPnV.f A
W ¦ j W™ HtKBUCB, MAILED FXBB. ( A ¥
A' "» IL ~,< valuable book for mm ) • \
V CB. JORDAN A CO.. 1051 Market St.. 3. F. V
OEHmM£mBfiANE5>College Students Give Entertainment.
SANTA CLARA, Nov. 25.— A yeryesuc
cessful entertainment waa given to-night
In. Santa Clara College Hall.. The students
produced several scenes ; fromV'Hamlet,"
and also gave- a farce, "The British Tour
ist."; The performance "was highly cred
itable and • was ¦. enjoyed by a large and
fashionable audience. • < :; ''&&!¦
United States Circuit Judge -Morrow
yesterday gave Judgment , for ' the 'J de
fendant in the case of J. M. Conner et
al. versus the' Manchester Assurance
Company of Manchester, England.' The
suit was brought to recover $3300 insur
ance on a. crop of grain burned in So
lano County! The gralnfield took: flre
from a pasture that was being burned
by order of the Board of ' Supervisors
to .destroy grasshoppers. ',. The, A) policy
contained -a provision exempting .the
company, from liability where loss s is
caused, directly or. indirectly, by order
of any civil authority. ,«
Insurance Company Wins.
Arthur Smith, a barber at 47 Third
street, reported to the police yester
day the mysterious disappearance of
his wife Dora and three-year-old
daughter Ella. Smith said that ..his
wife had been ailing for some time and
on November 17 started from her. home
at 1003 Xatoma street for Dr. Rosen
stein's office, taking her daughter.with
her. \
She did not return, and Smith ascer
tained that she had not called at the
doctor's office. What puzzles Smith is
that she did not go to her mother's
house and her parents are as much In
the dark as himself as to her where
abouts. He says there was . no quarrel
and he cannot account for her absence.
Mrs. Smith is described as 22 years
of age, of medium height, dark com
plexion and hair and wore a black suit,
gray" hat *and blue velL
Mrs. Dorah Smith Mysteriously Dis
appears, Taking Her Little Girl
With Her.
SEEKS TO COMPEL THE
PAYMEiNT Oi 1 LICENSES
Tax Collector Smith Notifies Auditor
to Withhold Demands of San Fran
cisco 'Gas Company. :
Having been notified by Tax Collec
tor Smith that the San Francisco Gas
and Electric Company is indebted to
the city for license . in the amount of
$66, Auditor Baehr yesterday withheld
payment of a demand in favor of the
company for $70 68 for electric current
furnished the Fire Department corpo
ration yard. Action was taken under
a charter provision that "no demand
shall be allowed by the Auditor with
out first deducting the amount of any
indebtedness of which he has notice."
Smith says that the Pacific .'Gas'Im
provement Company, v which was ab
sorbed by the San .Francisco. company,
refused to pay license for the quarter
beglnningOctober 1 on the ground that
it is now under a different: manage
ment. The San Francisco company is
willing to pay its own license, , but
Smith, holds that; license for the Pa
cific company should also be paid and
be. has taken the means described to.
compel payment.
The Civil Service Commission has
notified Auditor Baehr that it disap
proves, the temporary appointments for
November of G. J. Berger, N. J. Barry,
W. F. Horan, • E. A. Calegarls, Arthur
Garms, F. . Ruddy and W.> H. Lamb,
employes of the Health 'Board, because
they have; been made 'In violation of
the rules adopted by the commission. .
' The j commission "also states , that the
Department of Electricity has hot" yet
submitted the , list of any temporary
appointments . for .November ; and con
sequently they.^have not yet been ap
proved. .
WO"DXD PIGHT ; THE PATENT
. FOR OILING ROADWAYS
Supervisors of . Sacranjelito; Comity
• Ask Local Board to Share Ex
pense of Suit. -! '.¦ * i
M. J. Dlliman,* chairman of the Board
of : Supervisors of •Sacramento County,
tent a communication yesterday ; to ; the
local. Board of Supervisors asking: It to
share to the extent 'of $100 the^expense
of 'a suit instituted against Sacramento
County by i)e Camp & Mosher'on "an
Three of the French" seamen will be
sent back to their native land by
Agen? 1 Blum and the remaining four
teen,: having signed only for the voyage
from Newcastle to this port, will stay
here until they are again ready to
brave the dangers; of the ocean.
No more* 5 bodies have come' ashore
n^ar the wreck, and Captain Jorgenson
&i the Point Reyes life-saving station
is of 'the opinion that the. remains of
the men who perished have either been
carried . out . to sea or may be washed
ashore farther north. Wreckage Is con
stantly drifting ashore, and yesterday
afternoon It was reported that the
wreck was rapidly breaking up. ;
POLICE ; SEARCHING FOR
* YOTTNO MARRIED WOMAN
Seamen August Victor and Daniel
O'Nell, who have been in the city since
Monday afternoon, ' were also at the
consulate, and after the conference was
over all the seamen were informed by
Mr. Blum that they would be equipped
with comfortable clothing and boarded
and lodged In a decent hotel at his ex
pense until next Saturday, when they
will be paid their wages.
When asked If ; there h^d been any]
Insubordination aboard the (foppee or
dissatisfaction among the men, Birkin
stated that he had never sailed with a
better or more humane sefe of pfflcers,
and that at no time was there a serious
complaint from th^ torecaStle. > s ;'.;.
i When the Spotia^ reached "her dock at
the* foet of Lombard streef"the nine
survivors remained on board* while^the,
no MTTTnnr aboard.
When daylijil-.t came,- ' cr as much day as
penetrated U*e foe blanket... we looked all
around and could pee nothing but .the great
F" as that threatened constantly to ewamp us.
We held a council and decided to keep away
from the daniterous coast and take a chance
of b»lnjr picked, up by a v«EEeI. About 4
o'clock thuu aflernooa we heari^ a toe whistle
and • we united In a yell ' tha«^ vra.9 heard
aboard the Scotia. Th&*'e the fun
seas and e\idently preferring to stay with the
ship and take chances. I took charge of the
boat, . there being: neither mate nor captain
with us, and seelnr .that we were In danger
of' being stamped by remaining; alongside the
bark I cut the rope and we' drifted away ir.'o
the foe.- In a minute we loet sight of the
bark, and' never saw her again, tvit during:
the night I eaw two. flares as of a"" torch bta
Ins waved, and heard a crash thct was proba
bly rauBcd-by Ui«* • fHJUne mainmast. So we
were not very far away from the baric at r.ny
time during the nisrht. '-* -'•/'.
SURVIVORS FROM THE. WRECK OF THE FRANCOIS COPPEE AND
MASTER OF THE VESSEL, WHICH IS PICTURED, THAT BROUGHT
THEM TO THIS PORT YESTERDAY. \ '¦¦":. . - . < ''. ', . . ;
WHEN" . THE BARK ST&TJCX.
I ru at the wheel about it :8» o'clock la'rt
Frldar nlrht- when land 6uddenly loomed ~*UP
tn the dense tog ahead of us and the captain
ordered . all haads to 'bout (hip.. I jammed
the helm dawn, vhlle the men fquarert the main
•ad for* rari» .and let so the headsal)s. but
the maneuver was too late to be effective. Ab
the' bark «n -ewlnelnr 'around- the heary
breaker* caucbt her and cast her on the rock*.
The > m en * wno -- Ve re saved by the Sco
tia are' Fred Birkin, William Tayfor,
Edward Anderson,.* James JVebb, lyes
Gouzies I Jean _ NIcol, August Ulllloh,
Reyes and Fred Olesen. All of
them -° ld practically the. same story of
the* exp^ri^nce during- and after the
•v^ck,. and all of 'them expressed Bin
cere regret - over - the loss of Captain
Inrye, whom they pronounced an able
and humane 'officer. .Fred Birkin, the
only American' in^ the Copgee'B crew,
told the/ most- compreb en*! v& -tale, and
bis comrades verified every; word of'it.-
He said: - ' I •*•
When the eteam schooner Scotia,
from Bowens Landing, entered the bay
early • yesterday morning she was met
by a launch that had been chartered
by The Call to meet her, and ere she
arrived'at her wharf the nine survivors
of the Francois Coppee, who were
among her passengers, had been inter
viewed and eignt of them were pho
tographed for this paper.
It was a forlorn looking group of sea
. men that lined up before the camera.
Not one of them was completely
clothed, most of them were coatless
and some of them without shoes or
stockings. In their hurry to leave the
. doomed ship they did not consider their
jj>ersonal appearance or think of supply-,
j nt T themselves with extra apparel, but
tun Abled Into the lifeboat in the ecanty
littir* * which they had hastily donned
when ordered on deck for the last time
eeveral \ .days before. When picked up
at sea W the Scotia they were very
wet and very cold, but the people
aboard tfc" e Hftle steamer had no cloth-
Ing to cp&re- So as the mariners ap
peared v'hen they left the Coppee's side
bo did U 1^ appear when" they stood
on the Scotia's deck yesterday morn
ing. « .; - ,-¦ - • :¦/
The protest against the paving of
Clay street, from Cherry to First ave
nue, and that against repaying I
street, from Ninth to Tenth avenues,
was sustained.
Rev. * Father Mulligan, ' secretary to
Archbishop ' Rlordan, appeared before
the board and urged that the permit
for a spur track on Filbert street be
granted to connect the Gibraltar ware
house with, the belt road. The board
refused to grant the \ permit, because
the Labor Council has filed a protest
against the privilege being granted by
the Board of Supervisors.
% Through the generosity of property
owners on H street, from Forty-fifth to
Fortyeighth avenues; in Oceanslde,
the city will he saved- an - expenditure
of $2,500 for grading the three blocks
described. Petition had been made '.to
the Board of 'Works by Sol-Getz and
others to grade the street, ; ; but they
were .informed that there were no
funds available to grade the city's por
tion 1 ,- the .cost .of which was estimated
by the City Engineer at $2,600. ' : ;/
\ At . yesterday's meeting" of ,the /board
Getz 1 stated that the . entire;- expense
would be* borne by the property own
ers, : tbusj relieving' the' city." of any ex-',
pense. General Manager Chapman of
the United Railroads said that 'the
street car tracks \would be lowered
eight feet as a result" of the grading,
the necessary, permit for which was
granted by the board. -7}fC<
G. F. Chapman, general . manager, of
the United Railroads,' appeared before
the board_ in support of. a protest
against the proposed change of grade
in California between Twenty
seventh and." Thlrty-nrst. ' avenues.
Chflpman said the proposed maximum
grade, of 5.42, per cent will, make it'inf
practicable 'to; operate cars* with the
present equipment of. steam, engines.
The board overruled the protest, but'
gave the corporation one year's time to
prepare, for the grade changes. • -
i City KngineerGrunsky reported that
the, work' of reshaping the roadway of
Second avenue, between California and
Clement streets, and the first applica
tion 'of, "crude oil liad been" completed.
The contract includes subsequent ap
plications of oil and the maintenance
of .the roadway for a period 'of three
years,.
Regarding the abolishing of sidewalk
widths; on Sixteenth street, easterly
from Seventh, the City Engineer recom
mended that those on the southerly
side of the street be fixed at eight feet.
In' the Southern Pacific franchise bill
now .before the Supervisors it Is pro
vided that the outer edge of a viaduct
on -the north side of Sixteenth street,
between Seventh and Illinois streets, is
to conform to the official curb line
thereof. The roadway, of
Sixteenth street cannot be widened on
the northerly side without further con
cessions are made by the company and
other property o\vner3 along the street.
Arrangements have been made to se
cure the widening of both Kentucky
and Sixteenth streets where most re
quired. Grunsky says It would be well
to extend the proposed . widening of.
Sixteenth street, from Seventh to Kan
sas, or San Bruno avenue. :. .
Bids were received \ for the paving
with basalt blocks "of Clay street, be
tween Franklin and Gough, the lowest
being $460 from 'the City Street Im :
provement Company. ¦; / : . , • , ' • .
Permission was glven,tto r W. F. Han
rahan to repa've _ under private con
tract the roadway of Wetmore place,
between Clay and Washington streets.
Grades were ordered established on
Parnassus avenue and Cole street.
The board recommended the reduc
tion of sidewalk widths from First to
Tenth avenues, from nineteen to fifteen
feet. lS *
Board of Work9 Refuses to
Grant a Permit for
Spur Track.
All band* caw in an Instant that we were
hopelessly wrecked, for a gale wa» blowing
from the (southeast, • the seas were tremendous
and the foe was dense. Yet every man, re
mained cool and awaited orders, and when
the captain ordered the boats . towered , there
wa* no confusion whatever. Thirteen of us
were detailed to enter the starboard boat,
hut cnJr nine of »s -• remained In her. the
other four being frightened by the terrific
French consulate and Leon Blum, the
local agent for the Coppee's owners,
were notified of the men's' arrival.
Shortly after noon they were siunj
mone'd to - the ' • consulate, where MjJL;
Blum and Acting Consul Lanel Intetv
viewed them. First Officer Molines arid.
Property Owners Will
Grade Three Blocks
on H Street. >
Seaman Fred Birkin, Who Commanded Lifeboat Picked Up by the
Scotia, Tells of How tfie Francois Coppee Was Lost and How
He and Eight Others Managed to Escape Death in the Angry Sea
TO SAVE CITY
FROM EXPENSE
NINE MORE SURVIVORS OF WRECK
AT PIERCES P0INT ARRIVE IN CITY
WASHINGTON, Nov. 25.-j-Th« question of
th« disposition to be Made of the •cruisers
Cleveland and Denver, which alter being given
trial trlpa were found lacking ; in contract
speed, has been copaidered. for come time, by
Secretary Moody. ; who ': has , decided to recom
mend to Congress at the regular amlon a're
mission cf, the penalties.'-'- *- r \ ,-. ¦
E. A. Girvin, for sixteen years phono
17-aphlc reporter, of the State Supreme
Court, has resigned to devote his at
tention . to private ; business , interests.
The Justices- and all' others who have
had professional .dealings with Girvin
greatly regret his departure, f or ¦ his
work has been both efficient and falth
:iui. . ".- ; ; . . ';
W. J. Nicholson will succeed ! Girvin
as reporter. :L. A. Washburn, recently
promoted to a full secretaryship from
Nicholson's present position, . will not
*>e affected by the change, which 'will
take place December 1. ' -¦ ¦ '
. In an order s issued : ' yesterday .and
signed by all the Justices, ." Girvin is
highly complimented for his past work,
and regret is expressed that he finds It
necessary .. to leave the "service 'of .the
State. The position is an important one
and carries 'With' its dignity an -annual
salary' of $3000. - 7 *
E. A. Girvin Resigns Office at Su
preme Court to Engage in '¦ '
Private Business. ,'" • ¦"
PHONOGRAPHIC REPORTER
LEAVES FINE POSITION
Rank 1— A. Mackle, J.-M. Earsman,
p. L. Dunn and Robert Park. Rank 2—
vided. %
The representatives, of Ban Francisco
will be divided into ranks as follows:
Hugh Forgie, James Hutchison,
James Patullo, A. Proctor, J. Rankln,
J. Moir, R/ Dalziel, . J. Lalng, Peter
EpaJdlng, Dr. Crawford, James Taylor,
William ¦ Thompson, John • Orphlson,
William Chalmers and B. E. Collins.,
The Oaklanders have not. decided "into
•which ranks these players will be di-
The Oakland club ~1bas picked its
strongest players to cross the bay and
represent her- to-day. They' have had
the benefit of considerable practice
since the. last meeting and feel con
fident of carrying off the honors to-day.
The fact that they will play on 9 m
Btrange green will handicap them
some, but they are determined to win.
The men who will captain the Oakland*
team are Hugh Forgie, James Hut
chison. James Patullo and A. Proctor.
Hutchison and James Taylor are con
sidered the strongest men , across the
bay and the Oaklanders expect a great
deal of them. The following men will
represent Oakland:
The return match to-day will be
played on the Golden Gate Park green.
The local club will be represented by
entirely, new men this , time. While
they are not as strong as those v "to
competed in the first lnterclub contest,*
they are expected to give the Oakland
men all they can do to win. ¦' No-man
¦who played in the, first contest wiH'b*
on the Frisco team.
The Scottish bowlers of the Oakland
and San Francisco clubs will meet for
the 'second time to-day. ' In the first
meeting, which was across the ; bay,
the Oaklanders had Just formed and
were, consequently not very formid
able. The local players had be«*n prac
ticing for some time and the Oakland
ers were beaten badly. 8 I
of a Spirited and Exciting
Contest.
Golden Gate Park Will Be the Scene
SCOTTISH BOWXEBS WILL
DO BATTLE TO-DAY
¦ ''At/ the conclusion of 'thevlnterclub
match* thet rf will be - some good im
promptu practice matches between the
best players. : '¦ ¦. ' V. -.'?; ¦;. .---; >' :-u-.
Andrew foreman, J. Scott, M. L.
Crowe ( ? .nd 'S. Irving.'* Rank 3— George
C. Patterson, H. Tickner, W. Stewart
and Alexander Hay. Rank 4 — W. Wat
don, J. Reid, a! W.lkie and J. Webster. ¦
j The San Francisco players have not
"decide^ upon their ".skits" yet While
these are not the very best men that
could be picked out of the club, they
are all above the average, and unless
the Oakland players have improved
wonderfully, the local players on their
own green should demerge victors. _, At
any rate it is safeto saythat-the con
tests will be dose and interesting.
" 'A verdict of accidental death was re
turned yesterday by the Coroner's Jury
in the case of Harry -Miller, who was
killed last Tuesday in a mill at the cor
ner of Hooper and Sixth streets by be
ing, caught, on 'the" shaft. The foreman
Foreman Larsen Is Blamed.
was blamed for having, failed to jj.- '
struct Miller as to placing the belfSn/
the elevator drumJ ; The verdict does
not mention the foreman's name, but it
isC. W. Larsen.; v • /
Pierce saidthat he and a former dep
uty poundkeeper. F. Dantz, who had
previously given damaging, evidence
against Irwin, had divided money for
releasing cattle on the road and no
receipts had been given. Pierce said
that Irwin was unaware of the wrong
doing.
Irwln was put on the stand In his
own defense, and testified that he had
not received any money from M. Marty
for releasing twenty- three cattle be
longing to. the latter. Irwin said A.
Kenny had" told him he was going to
drive Marty's cattle into his own field
in order to get damages from. Marty.
Irwin said he issued unofficial receipts
as duplicates of the official receipts and
he turned ail the money he received
Into the city treasury/ He said he did
not ' know he' was violating the law
when he issued unofficial receipts, but
had discontinued the practice since the
beginning of the' investigation.
'• Irwin said he had released a number
of animals at the request of Abe Ruef
and others, " but ' refused to ( answer
Brandensteln's question as to whether
he was not violating his duties as
poundmaster in so doing. Brandensteln
said the fact that Irwln had refused
to submit' his expense account would
be construed as unfavorable to Irwln,
but the latter agreed to file the account
next Friday, when -the -committee will
deliberate as to .what action to take
regarding Irwin's alleged dlrellction.
Deputy. Poundmaster Pierce - gave
some sensational testimony yesterday
before the Supervisors' Joint Commit
tee on Finance, Police and License,
which resumed the investigation into
the charges filed by the Pacific Hu
mane Society against Poundmaster H.
O/Irwln. Pierce -testified that he had
on many occasions received money for
failing to Impound roaming cattle and
had kept it for his own use. He'fur
ther testified that other deputies were
in the habit -of receiving money from
cattle owners, which was never paid
into the city treasury. When asked
as to the names' of the- people who had
paid such moneys and the amounts
thereof Pierce refused to answer on
the ground ahat It might incriminate
him. ¦¦-•- - - ..*.-.*../."-.
Evidence That Deputies
Took Money to Re
lease Cattle.
PUBLIC P0UNO
IS UNDER FIRE
The f oer was dense and the captain
could see nothing and could barely
hear the fog bell on An gel Island. Th e
ship was running at half speed at th*
time, otherwise the mishap would hav?
heen far more serious. »• - T«?>
. Captain Lucky has been in command
of the Sausallto for a year and & half
and has been commanding different
vessels In the harbor for the last thirty
three years. He was at the helm at the
time the accident took place.
Bolles and Bulger, the .United States
Inspectors of steam. vessels, will make
a full and complete inquiry Into . the
cause of the mishap and the manage
ment of. the North Shore Railroad will
also institute a careful and searching
investigation to try to ascertain' the
cause of the accident, which might
have caused serious loss of life, and
also the possibility of the destruction
of the vessel herself. The Cazadero and
the TamalDais will be in commission
during the time the Sausalito Is under
going repairs.
COTTLD BARELY HEAR BELL.
The vessel's rudder and sternpost
were twisted awav like a pipe stem,
while thirty feet of her keel Is smashed
into splinters and her dead wood looks
like a bunch- .of kindling wood. She
was only leaking slightly. The repairs
will probably necessitate her being on
the ways for. a week at least. A con
servative estimate of the damages
would be 510,000.
Captain John Metcalfe. Lloyd's ma
rine surveyor, was on hand when the
vessel was pulled out of the water and
gave orders that all the damaged por
tions be stripped away.
Captain Lucky reiterates the state
ment that he saw a scow in his way
and was compelled to suddenly change
his course to starboard and that when
he had passed the obstacle he changed
his course back to port. In the mean
time he thinks he "was struck by' the
heavy tides that run In that channel
and he thinks his vessel must have
taken a sheer that he did not calcu
late on. £?,a»»
DAMAGE IS $1O,OOO.
It took exactly fifteen minutes to haul
her out of the water after the props
to the ways had been adjusted. Upon
examination it was found that she had
been ; far more seriously Injured .than
was at first supposed. Instead of run
ning into the sand, as was reported,
it appears from her damaged state that ,
she must have struck rocks, and it is^
not at all surprising that the passen
gers rebelled when they heard that the
captain intended to back her off- and
start for Sausalito. ... ".__
infringement of letters patent in the
use of crude petroleum oil in the con
struction of roadways. The cojaamuni
catloh states that every county desiring
to improve its highways with oil Is in
terested in the suit, because if the pat
ent is held valid De Camp & Mosher
will collect royalty at the rate of $15
for each mile of oiled roadway in the
State. ' '^ggjh^
Attorneys have been engaged to fight
the patent and the cost will not exceed
$1000. ¦;¦. -"'<< ¦•:¦¦ •¦'
GRANTS TEACHEBS TJSE
OF, MISSION HIGH SCHOOL
Board of Education Also Accepts
Resignation of Miss Alice Wolfe :
of Bincon Grammar.
The Board of Education yesterday
granted permission to the California
State Teachers' Association and the
Teachers' Institute to use the Mission
High School- during their annual* con
vention next month. The afternoon ses
sions will be held In the, Alhambra
Theater.
D.\ J.Fry was appointed assistant
teacher in the Humboldt Evening' Hlg^
School during . the leave of Joseph P.
Baloun. ¦ ,-. ¦ ¦-
The resignation of MIbs Alice M.
Wolfe of the Rincon Grammar School
was accepted. ._
Leave of absence was granted to Miss
Mary Ahern. >;.>~ '¦¦-.. v
• President Woodward informed the
board that the injunction and restrain
ing order brought by Miss J. A. Dwyer
and Mrs. Irene Reeves, who- were re
moved from 1 their position's 'in. the de
partment, had been dissolved by the
Superior Court. .
GRAND JTJRY'S RIGHT TO
' SECBECY STUiIr DEBATED
Arguments on Objection to Affidavits
In Eppinger, Case Ar© Hot
/ ¦¦-'. ., „ Finished. \' . . ,
' The arguments of counsel on th& ob
jection raised- by Attorney J.C. Camp
bell, to the. affidavits filed • by, Herman
Eppinger, W. W. -Topping and Henry
Ach in . connection with the j motion' on
behalf - of j Herman Eppinger to /quash
the indictment charging him with. ob
taining money by false pretenses .were
continued before Judge Lawlor yester
day. The importance of the arguments
lies In the fact that the question is
involved as to' whether the doings • of
the Grand Jury are subject to review.
Attorney; Henry Ach spoke, for two
hours and a half yesterday for the de
fendant . and • he was ¦ f OHqwed by At
torney ¦ Campbell - for the people. At 4
o'clock -Campbell said It would take
him some time- to consider his argu
ment, and . by . consent a . continuance
was ordered till December. 4.
The, Judge specially,. Invited' the at
torneys to enlighten • him on > the point
as to ' whether he' : - was required - to ; re
ceive evidence to ~ determine wheth
er. or not ; the ..-' constitutional rights
of . , the " defendant had ' been iq
!vaded i by I making - him * a "•. witness be
fore the Grand. Jury/ and, as 'was al
leged," compelling ( him , to f answer, ques
tions, even though the statute Itself did
npt •xnr»«mlv wroalbii'JV .; ¦ ,¦
VIEWS OF BIG FERRYBOAT AFTER SHE HAD BEEN .FLOATED FROM THE-ROCKS OF ANGEI, ISLAND.
WHERE SHE STRUCK TUESDAY NIGHT, AND PORTRAIT OF THE MASTER • OF THE VESSEL. WHO
PLUCKILT SAVED HER WITHOUT ASSISTANCE. ¦ '' "^ " ' J /^ •..,-.,
The North Shore ferry-boat Sausallto.
which ran on a rocky point on Angel
Island durinsr the dense fog Tuesday
night, is afloat aealn. She slid off her
perilous perch at 4 o'clock yesterday
morning during high tide. She steamed
immediately to. W. A. Boole & Sons'
shipyard, where It was ascertained that
her rudder and sternpcst had been car
ried away, her keel badly damaged and
that a big portion of her dead wood
had been smashed. Captain Lucky and
his crew remained by the vessel dur
lns the time she was ashore and as
soon as she was off and it was ascer
tained that ehe was not leaking to any
extent her head was* turned toward the
estuary and she was placed In' the slid
ing ways. In the afternoon she was
hauled up high and dry on the modern
marine railway, where she now lies.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 1903. "S
Ferryboat Again Reaches peep Water v and Steams to Shipyard in
Estuary, Where it Is Found She Is Damaged to Extentof $*o,
ooo, Rudder and Sternpost Being Torn Away and Keel Smashed
HIGH TIDE CARRIES THE SAUSALITO
OFF THE ROCKS OF ANGEL ISLAND
6
NEXT SUNDAY CALL
'{THE BOAD * THAT .
-. MIA CHOSE.".
A Story With a Stranga
Ending.
BT SARAH COMSTOCK.NEW YORK. Nov. 23.— Harriet Huhtwwd
Mayer, ' the well-known writer for ta# N#»
York World, died to-day of pneumonia, after
four days' illness.
PARIS. • Nov. 25.*-The Patrie says former
Premier TValdeck-Rousseau. angered at his
recent reverse in the rellrtoas discussion in
the Senate. - will shortly retire from public
life.
WOODLAND, Nov. 25.— A hunter who
returned from Grand Island this even
ing reports that Portuguese Joe, a
sheep herder. Is missing. Searchers
found a dog, his constant companion,
keeping vigil on the bank of the Sacra
mento River. It Is suspected that the
missing man committed suicide. He
was apparently mentally troubled when
last seen.
Believa Sheep Herder Is Drowned.
Prisoner Lewis Is Declared Insane.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 25.— A. W. -Lewis,
former manager of the Wile^B. : Allen
Company in this city, who w^hte'cently
arrested for alleged embexzlertient of
the company's money, was tried in the
Superior Court before a Jury to-day on
the Issue of insanity. Four physicians
testified that Lewis Is insane. The ver
dict was in accordance with this testi
mony and Lewis was ordered commit
ted to the insane asylum at Agnews.
Mr». Clara -Foltr. attorney, at law, has re
moved to the MUU building. Phone. Front 08. •
BUNDER ABBAS, Persia, Nov. 25.—
While on his way here the Viceroy of
India, Lord Curzon, held a durbar at
Shargah, which was attended by many
prominent Arab chiefs of that coast.
He made a significant speech, reaffirm
ing Uje intention of Great Britain to
maintain her- supremacy in the Per
sian Gulf, and declared the Government
adhered to its policy of guardianship
and protection of the chiefs. The Vice
roy reminded the chiefs of their en
gagements not to enter into agreements
cr correspondence with any other power
than Great Britain, not to admit agents
of any other government and not to
alienate any part of their territory. . If
the chiefs adhered to these engage
ments, as they had done in the past,
no one would be allowed to tamper with
their rights and liberties. The Viceroy
concluded with emphasizing that the
influence - of the British Government,
which' maintained the. independence of
the chiefs and made the gulf- secure to
the. ships of all nations, must remain
supreme. t -
The speech of the Viceroy to the Brit
ish. Indian traders who have arrived
here similarly asserted British ascend
ency-in trade and other Interests In the
Persian Gulf, which had been won in
competition with other nations , who
held or aspired to hold ports on the
India seas. ' . .
NEW YORK. Nov. 25.— That the iuit
brought against Mrs. Everett Mallory
Culver, daughter of Senator .Clark of
Montana, by Mrs. Solon J. Vlasto. wife
of a prominent Greek" resident of New
York, In which Mrs. Culver is alles^d
to have alienated Vlasto's affections
and to have damaged Mrs. Vlasto to
the " extent of $500,000,- will be -fought
bitterly and that Mrs. Culver will do
more, than merely take a defensive at
titude was made plain to-day by her
attorney, who. represents her in her
action for divorce against Dr. Cutvir
and has for a long time been Senator
Clark's counsel In this city. _ . i
At water, attorney for Mrs. Culver,
said he was not at all interested in the
further complication which -was added
to-day when Vlasto was served with
the complaint in an action brought by
h!s>ife. who seeks legal ' separatron
from. him. She makes various allega
tions^ against her husband in affidavits
accompanying the . complaint. but
neither h«r attorneys nor her husband's
counsel would diacuss therri. "they
probibly will be made public when
argument is. made In the special term
of the Supreme Court.
Attorney Atwater said to-day thAt
Vlasto was many years older than Mrs.
Culver and was a friend of her entire
family^ Senator C!ark. "Mrs. . Culver,
her .brothers and her husband all call
him' "Unc!e Solon,' K or "Uncle yiAsto,'*
and < he, Is on terms of friendship and
intimacy .with ajl of them. \
..There was not the remotest ground
for,-.- suspicion _• as to the J relations b*
tyri»en Mrs. Culver and Vlastp.' : said At
water. She and other members of her
family found Vlasto an agreeable man
to have at dinner and Vlasto ,was will
ing to accept their hospitality. He is
a man who is willing to fetch and carry
and make himself generally useful and
agreeable and he helped Mrs. Culver to
entertain her friends. He knew he was
welcome In Mrs. Culver's home on this
account and he doubtless was glad Of
the opportunity to meet many agree
able people there. He was so well known
to Senator Clark and so well liked by
hlrri that he was a guest of the family
on their private car on a trip through
the West. He also was on such Inti
mate terms with the family that when
he was passing through Paris last sum
mer and learned that Mrs. Culver was
the?*, and he called upon her, and. as a
matter of course, dined with h»r.
Special Dispatch to . The Call.
Englishman Declares Britain
Must Be Supreme in the
Persian Gulf.
Half. Million Dollar Aliena
tion Suit to Bo Fought
Bitterly. -
Attorney Speaks for
Senator Clark's
Daughter.;.'*'
Viceroy Gives Advice to
Subjects and Urges
•Loyalty.
CURZON TALKS
TO ARAB CHIEFS
DENIES GHARGES
OF MRS. VLASTO
SEATTLE, Nov. 25.— D. T.. Denny. Seattle's
oldest pioneer, died this mornintr after a long
Illness. He was 72 years of ace.'if&jfetj
An article on California in December
Four-Track News, a beautifully illus
trated and extremely interesting maga
zine. For eale at news dealers'.
Court Dissolves Receivership.
TACOMA, Nov. : 25.— Judge Hanford
of the Federal Court to-day dissolved
the receivership of Prank D. Cole . in
the case .of James Hamilton Lewis
against the Washington Match Com
pany for the reason that the amount
Involved Is not, sufficient to, bring; it
within the Jurisdiction of the' court.'. '
Thanksgiving Day Trips.
Be*t »hort trip Is via Sausalito Ferry and
the ne-w third rail electric system to , MILL
VALLBV. LARKSPUR. ROSS VALLEY.
FAIRFAX. . ¦ or SAN 'RAFAEL and : return.
Fare. 25c to '60c round trip. Ferry leaves at
7:00 8:00 0:C0. 10:C0 11:00 aim.; 12:20. 1:45.
3:15 .4:15. 5:15. 6:15, 7:00. 8:45 10:20. and
11:45 p. m. Return on any of the fifteen trains
and boats during the day. .' *
LANSING. Mich.. Nov. 25. — The Jury . that
tried <x-Senator John Holbrook -for attempted
bribery of a talesman | In the Interest I of EH
R. Button brought In a verdict of not guilty
to-day. . ' '¦: ¦ .. _" :^ ._¦ ¦
VICTORIA, B. C, Nov. 25.— The
steamer Moana, which arrived' to-day
from -Australia, brought news of ex
citement at Suva over • the ' reported
hauling down' of the British flag at
Tonga,' it being: said at Suva that the
Friendly Islands were to 2 be handed
over to Germany by Great, Britain in
exchange , for some . German Islands in.
the Solomon group known -as the Ger
man-Solomon Islands. '¦
Reports Great Excitement at Suva.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 25.— Charles
Holmes, a laborer 35 years of age, lock
ed himself in his room Saturday night
and after removing his clothing cut his
throit with a razor. The body was not
discovered until late last night. Holmes
was a consumptive and brooding over
his Ill-health is supposed to have caused
him to take his life. Although he was
known as Holmes, a bankbook found
among his effects bore the name of C.
J. Holin.
Consumptive Commits Suicide.
TACOMA. Wvh., Xor. 23.— The United
StAtea Quartermaster's Department here has
called for proponala on what is raid to be
•h* larr*«t order* for forag-e ever placed on
the Pacific Ccast. The call U for 4320 tons of
cat» «nd MCi tons of hay. all to *o to the
.Philippine*.
PORTLAND, Or., Nov. . 25.— L. Con
nors, arrested here several days ago
on suspicion that he was the leader of
a band of robbers and highwaymen,
denies his guSlt. He stated to-day that
he was for three years In the employ
of the Colorado Fuel and Iron Com
pany as its superintendent and that he
came -to this city to go into business.
Says the Police Are Mistaken.
SAN RAFAEL, ' Nov. " 25.— Ahtone
Morris and Eugene Case, the two
youths who were accused of having
started about fourteen incendiary fires
in San Rafael a year ago, are making
efforts through their relatives to be al
lowed to return to Marin County. Case
and Morris were . arrested, but the
charge' was not pressed owing to their
youth. Their relatives promised to
keep {them away.Yrom- Marin County.
Both boys probably Will be allowed to
return. ;
Morris and Case Tire of Exile.
CHEYENNE. "Wyo.. Nov. 25.— Sheriff
Webb and deputies have arrived at
Ca^p^r with Tom O'Day. Friends of
the prisoner lay fn waiting for the
posse, intending to deliver him, but
were not successful. They succeeded,
however. In getting away with the
bunch of stolen horses found in O'Day's
possession wh»n he was arrested.
O'Day is carefully guarded by a large
posse of arhitd men on account of
threats to lynch him and also for fear
his friends may try to rescue him.
Outlaw O'Day in Jail.
SAN DIEGO. Nov. 25.-It is among
the possibilities that the franchise
asked for by the San Diego Union Rail
way and Steamship Company may not
be accepted. The reason for. the dec
lination on the part of the petitioners
is found In the fact that the Harbor
Commission does not propose to give a
wharf franchise for a longer period than
the length of time that the present
franchises have to run. The youngest
franchise lasts for five years more and
as new applicants come in the fran
chises arc made to expire at the same
time. The terminal company proposes
to expend several thousand dollars In
the construction of its wharves and Its
officers say they cannot afford to put in
the wharf if assured of its use for only
five . years.
Term of Franchise Suggested by San
Diego Harbor Commission Is
Not Satisfactory.
COMPANY MAY ABANDON
. WHARF BTJTXDINO PROJECT
HONOLULU, Nov. 25.— Major Gen
eral MacArthur, who has arrived here
to study the military situation In the
Hawaiian Islands, says that the main
feature of the defenses of the Territory
is the protection of the naval station
at Pearl Harbor. He advocates a re
duction of the forces at Honolulu and
declare* that the occupation of the
other islands is not an Important mat
ter from a military standpoint, while
Pearl Harbor is maintained as a strong
defensive position.
Would Protect Pearl Harbor.
Orders Affecting Postal and Army
Service in West Are Issued in
Washington.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 25.— The foilow
ir.s: departmental orders were Issued to
dky: Postmasters commissioned—^ali
fornijf— Leslie C. Stephens, Lake City;
James Le Fevre. Quartz.
Fourth-class postmasters appointed:
California — Robert K.* Pan
Gabriel. Los Angeles County, vice John
A. Myers, resigned.
Oregon— Edwin E. McKinney. Sub
limity, Marion County, vice Augusta
H. Lavroix, resigned.
Army orders — First Lieutenant Her
bert G. Shaw, assistant surgeon, goes
from Fort MIley, Cal., to San Fran
cisco, thence to the Philippines. 8
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF TH^E PACIFIC COAST
Newlands, . in defending his resolu
tion for Cuban statehood, said that
Cuba was to be invited to become a
State of the American republic on
terms of equality with other , States
and that the question was to be de
cided by the people of Cuba by popu
lar vote. " He suggested that the ques
tion of statehood, becoming a military
dependency or an Independent sov
ereign government could be si/bmitted
to the people. ;
Concerning the financial arrange
ments for the island which could be
made If the island entered the repub
lic as a State, Newlands said that the
proposed, bond issue .of J35.000.000 for
the payment of Cuba's army of freer
dom should be reduced in Interest from
5 to 3 per cent and guaranteed by the
United States. Thi3 plan would enable
the sale of the bonds at par, thus sav
ing the proposed discount of 10 per
cent, aggregating. $3,500,000, and a sav
ing in Interest of $700,000 annually,
amounting in forty years, the life of
the bonds, to $28,000,000.
Newlands said that union would
mean free trade, without the payment
of the American duty now paid on Cu
ban sugar, and Cuba would annually
receive $35.000,000 , more for her sugar
than at present. All of . this, he
claimed, would mean unexampled pros
perity for Cuba, as well as the unparal
leled dignity and liberty of a State.
The first speech on the merits of the
Cuban bill was made by Carmack (D.)
of Tennessee, who opposed the bill and
said that nothing less than general
tariff revision would give the relief
needed.- There was further debate be
tween Hale (R.) of Maine, Teller (D.)
of Colorado and Newlands on the New
lands resolution, in which Newlands
further outlined his views, and Hale
deprecated all agitation on the subject.
Teller declared that Cuba, was in no
sense a dependency of the , United
States. • •
WASHINGTON. Nov. 25.— The Sen
ate to-day completed the appointment
of committees for the Fifty-eighth Con
gress, adopted the motion providing for
the; reconsideration of the vote by
which the Newlands joint resolution
for .the annexation of Cuba was re
ferred to committee and made the
Cuban reciprocity bill the unfinished
business. - '¦»
The report states that the regular es
tablishment coast artillery consists of
125 companies of an aggregate m,axi
mum strength of 525 officers and 13,734
men. General Randolph believes it to
be essential to efficiency in war times
that the regular coast artillery estab
lishment be ultimately increased to 751
officers and about 22,000 enlisted men
for existing armament. General Ran
dolph says it is a problem how to se
cure efficient support by the militia in
the mobilization of the coast defenses.
"The chief of artillery," the report
adds, "is fully alive to the necessity ana
desirability of fixing the relations of the
organized militia to the coast artillery'
for the manning of the coast defenses,
and anticipates the development of
marked efficiency in the militia and a
corresponding sense of satisfaction and
security in the artillery corps as soon
as these relations are established. 1 It
Is believed that the militia can find Its
greatest usefulness .in undertaking to
furnish the manning body of the lighter
armament, particularly the rapid-fire
guns." -*;•'
WASHINGTON. Nov. . 25.— Brigadier
General Wallace Randolph, chief of ar
tillery, In his annual report made pub
lic to-night, calls attention to. the fact
that only about 34 per cent of the total
number of artillery officers present for
duty have had more than five years'
experience in the artillery.
"The gravity of this situation," he
says, "will be readily appreciated when
it is recalled that at the present time
the duties and responsibilities of an ar
tillery officer are greater than ever be
fore." * •
Gen. Randolph Points
to Weakness in Mili
tary Service.
Reciprocity Bill Given
Right of Way in
Senate.
CUBAN TREATY
IN FIRST PLACE
SAYS OFFICERS
ARE UNSEASONED
MAMMOTH OCEAN LINER WHICH WAS FALSELY REPORTED TO
HAVE SUNK WITH ALL OX BOARD AFTER A COLLISION WITH
ANOTHER VESSEL ON THE ATLANTIC.
The Moana struck by the stern on
the rocks, freaking her ruuder. Cap
tain Carey after^several hours of back
ing and filling tSe steamer, being with
out steeriffk gear, managed to bring
the vessel^o Victoria.
zled the cfScers of the Moana, who
failed as a result to notice the prox
imity of the liner to the rocks.
The steamer was avoiding the steam
er Umatilla on entering the station,
and Captain Carey says t£e flashing
of the searchlight of thaV v essel daz-
VICTORIA. B. C. N>v\ 25.— The
steamer Moana. which arrived this
morning from Australia via Honolulu,
met with an accident at William :gead
quarantine station last j9ght. as the
result cf which she may have to go
into dry dock.
STEAMER MOANA BARELY
ESCAPES BAD ACCIDENT
Breaks Her Rudder Against Eocks
at William Head Quarantine
Station.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 25.— A Etrong
picture of conditions in the Jolo group
of the Philippine archipelago is con
tained in a letter from Colonel H. L.
Scott. Governor of that group, to Col
onel Clarence Edwards, chief of the
insular bureau of the War Department.
The letter, which is dated September 23,
is made public as an explanation of the
campaign now waging In the Jolo
group. In It the writer says:
I find that the condition is one of
peace so long as the big Moro chiefs are
tllowed to have their own way unre
p-rvedly — to rob and to steal and en
slave. The Sultan is a man of no power
of his own and must depend on the
chiefs, who may or who may not do
what he wishes. They are all surround
ed by gangs of ruffians who do no useful
work but who live through robbery and
by fining both sides in a case, irrespect
ive of who may be guilty, the full
amount of their ability to pay. If the
victim refuses to pay he is enslaved. No
peace or order can be maintained In the
Philippine islands so lone as these con
ditions exist. Movable property is al
ways on the move without the desire of
the owner; men say they will not work
aiid accumulate property which they
will not be permitted to enjoy, and there
are constant turmoils, murders and en
slavements going on.
No one is allowed to go beyond the
outposts here without an armed guard
and it is even advisable to go about the
streets here armed on account of Jura
mentados, one of whom got through the
gate past a sentinel about four days ago
with his arms, ran through the barrack
yard, slashed a soldier across the back
and fell dead on the main plaza. and in
front of the commissary office, shot
seven times by a fusillade from our sol
diers, which killed also a trumpeter
who was g-ctting ready for guard duty.
This makes the sixth or seventh Jura
nu>ntad<V'who has appeared since last
spring. One engineer soldier who was
ci.opped up last spring by one of them
p'ter he had seven colts' 38 balls in
him. He chopped off a leg and an arm
at one stroke of his barong. All during
the spring the garrison has practically
been In a state of siege. When Captain
Eltingcs' troops went out they surround
ed it. brandishing their barongs and
spears and he had to come back because
his orders were by no means to have a
cpnflictQ Tou will see by this how peace |
teis been kept heretofore and at what I
sacrifice. Now the Moro province act
contemplates changes, among others the '
abolishment of slavery, a very sore point '
with them. It contemplates trials of of- .
fenders by district courts, and th»se
things will surely bring on conflicts * i
Colonel Scott Says Na
tives Submit Only
to Force.
SALINAS, Nov. ' 25.— From news re
ceived here this morning It now looks
is if little 13-year-old Gut Har, the
Chinese girl reported having been ab-'
ducted by a Japanese named Tanaka,
was taken by Chinese Instead and is
being held for ransom. Quong Tee,
who Is stated by the local' Chinese mer
chants to be the leader of the high
binders at Gilroy, bas telephoned from
there that for $250 he will produce the
missing girl, but if the money is not
pa^d he will have her sent to San Fran
cisco. The Chinese merchants notified
the Sheriff of. Santa Clara County and
asked his aid in getting the child back.
Highbinder at Gilroy Promises to Re
turn Her to Salinas Upon Re
ceipt, of $250.
Under ordinary circumstances the
Cedric should reach port sometime to
morrow, but as the weather has been
stormy the agents will not be concerned
if she does not arrive until Friday.
A special dispatch to the Herald from
Siasconset, Mass., says the Nantucket
light ship was keeping an all-night
watch for the Cedric, but up to 11
o'clock she had not been sighted.
KIDNAPED CHINESE GIRL
BEING HELD FOB RANSOM
NEW YORK, Nov. 25. — The report
that the Cedric had been lost created
the wildest excitement in this city and
hardly had it gone abroad before the
White Star officials were besieged by
anxious inquirers. There are in all 290
saloon, 160 sect J cabin and 540 steer
age passengers on board the liner, and
friends and relatives of these who
heard the report that tne vessel had
been sunk in midocean by collision with
the Titian dropped everything else to
make agitated inquiries as to the safety
•of the ship and her many voyagers.
Manager Lee of the White Star line
did all he could to reassure anxious
callers and pointed out how well nigh
impossible It was that there could be
any truth in the report. But it was
not until the cables brought positive
news to the Maritime Exchange that
the Titian had arrived out and that
not only had she not been in collision
with the Cedric. but had not seen her
at all, that the tension was relieved. -.
A glance at the plan of the steam
ship's hull, showing _ the numerous
water-tight compartments, is enough to
reassure any one, particularly as one
cannot find there any section where an
injury would not be locally confined.
LIVERPOOL, Nov. 25.— A rumor was
circulated in this city on Sunday last
to the effect that the White Star
steamer Cedric had been sunk in mid
ocean in collision with the Lamport-
Holt steamship Titian. As a careful
investigation showed that the report
could not be tracejl to any responsible
source, little heed was paid to it.
The steamship Titian arrived in due
course of time off the Irish coast yes
terday. She was reported at the Head
of Kinsale and- gave no signal to in
dicate any important experience during
her voyage. This morning she arrived
in the Morsey and proceeded through
the Manchester Canal to Manchester,
her destination. Her owners, as well
as the White Star steamship officials,
all ridicule the story of the rumored
collision. They denounce it as the in
vention of an irresponsible news
agency.
JOLO ISLANDS
IN A BAD WAY
BERLIN, Nov. 25.— Emperor William
has changed his voice, modulating it
so as to reduce the pressure on the
vocal chords. He now speaks in a
somewhat lower pitch, his utterances
resonating against the cavities of the
mouth. He has not trained himself
fully and he may take the services of
a teacher so that he can appjy cor
rectly the method taught in voice cul
ture. His throat specialists have ex
plained to him the theory of voice pro
duction, which he has practiced with
considerable success. The EmperoT
heretofore has been using his larynx
in the ordinary fashion; that is, ex
pelling the air against the chords with
out counter pressure produced by a re
bound from the resonating cavities.
It will be possible, when the Em
peror's voice is trained completely, for
him to speak easily, more- clearly and
Ic-nger without the slightest injurious
strain. The chcr'ds will be able to carry
<fuite as far or even farther. The Em
peror's advisers have accepted the the
ory of Dr. H. Holbrook Curtis of New
York, which has been made familiar
to the German physicians by Professor
H. Krause. the throat specialist, who
attended the late Emperor Frederick.
Professor Krause believes that several
throat diseases can be obviated and in
some instances cured by using the voice
scientifically.
other were perfectly harmonious. A
tremendous amount of scientific ma
terial was secured; but years will be
required to develop the results fully.
ns of all the members with one an-
Prince Henry talked " interestedly
with Professor Drygalski and various
members of the expedition and con
vinced himself that all were satisfied
with the ship and their treatment.
Professor Drypalski declared t.he ex
pedition succeeded in exploring an ex
tensive line of coast to determine the
oast and west course thereof. The
professor said he regarded the meteor
ological studies? as extremely important,
disclosing among other points, that
easterly winds prevail. The expedition
carried on deep-sea studies continually
florins the journeys to and from the
Antarctic regions, showing that shallovr
s=»as prevail generally around the south
pole.
An lee barrier which threatened to
permanently inclose the Gauss broke
February 9- The return Journey from
the newly-discovered Gaussberg.' on
v.hich lies eternal snow, to Kiel, lasted
2 r '5 days. The machinery of the Gauss
and her structure prove<?^ excellently
adapted to the p«>lar ice and she re
turned uninjured. One propeller alone
eras broken, but the ship carried dupli- ]
rate parts.
The expedition found the temperature,
ranging from 60 degrees below zero, to
lie without inconvenience. The
All the participants in the expedi
tion returned with increased weight,
and declared they were ready to un
dertake another Journey immediately.
The ship brought back a full year's
provisions.
KIEL. Nov. 25.— The German Ant
arctic expedition steamer Gauss, which
Commander Perry may purchase for
his north pole expedition, arrived here
to-day. Prince Henry of Prussia was
among those present at the welcoming
ceremonies aboard the vessel. The
Secretary of the Interior greeted the
members of the expedition on behalf of
the Government. Professor Drygalski,
leader cf the expedition, gave a short
description of the work accomplished as
already known.
With Proper Training His
Majes-y Will Speak With
Greater Ease.*
Trip Was Without Incident
and Party Is in Good
Health.
Expedition Brings Good
Tidings From* Ex
treme South.
Emperor's Vocal Chords
to Be Given Scien
tific Treatment.
KAISER TO STUDY
VOICE CULTURE
GAUSS IS HOME
FROM ANTARCTIC
THE SAN FEAKCISCO CALL,THUIJSDAY, NOVE3IBER 26. 1903.
London News Agency's Report That the Giant Cedric Had .Sunk
After a Collision With the Titian Is Disproved by the Latter
Vessel's Arrival at Her Destination After Uneventful Voyage
GROUNDLESS RUMOR OF LINER'S LOSS
EXCITES RELATIVES OF PASSENGERS
7
! "CAPTAIN SHARKEY."
NEXT SUNDAY CALL
1 THIS IS ONE OF
A. CONAXT DOYLE'S
Most Exciting Stories.
-_•__¦•_/_¦____¦ ADVEBTISEJI^NTS. .-. &£¦
This Xm a Special Cbrlstmu Offer — S65 Styles to Choose Trom. • -
We carry the largest assortment of .furniture novelties* in this city.
EASTERN OUTFITTING CO., SilK!
/\?J, AXJ* CABS LEAD TO OXTB. STOKE.
Buy one of our Merchandise Orders for your relatives or friends and save
. yourself worry, and give them .just what they want.
S£^E9HHHCSBES&ESHENB^B39!M!SH3flB9flBjB9^Q^^9H^^^^9Hff^^^3^B^^^Cr^B^^^^B
j||k*. Strength, Vitality f^ |jj
fPill RestfaPsieep >f '
VgjpT J/ : lS THS GREAT, m r^~>*fC^! " -
f dy NERVE TONIC AND BLOOD REMEDY f ; "^
TABLETS,- . : •. : .V:!Jw?S
Jast a Few of Many Kind Expressions ; Received: ;
Nervan Tablet Co.. Chicago, III.: ' r'"* ; -'**- iJ — . "" •
Dear Sirs — I am using NERVAN for feneral debility and lost eneny: "Aj.wj .eneriif
builder they cannot be beat. I feel !lk« 23 years old. v and I am SO.- I would not .he with-
out them, and I will try and Induce othera to take thezn. S. A. TtCKD. * %
Grlswold. III. Oct. 5. 1903. £ it;... 1 •>;-.-*/-
Nervan Tablet Co.. Chicago, ni.: :i . . LANSING. Mich. 'Oct. 23 U19O3. -„;-
Gentlemen — I am very much pleased to state that NERVAN TABLETS make rn» f»*l
UVe a new man. Two months ago I waa In a. very bad condition. I ara now 'v«ry much
stronger, bav« a good appetite and am gaining fl>*h. * ' * -' t .. . .
My nerves are in fine condition. I find NERVAN TABLETS' are rood' for K{dn«jr
trouble. Gratefully yours, . ¦_ . _ t , CEO. W. STONS.,
- W. R. Irwin. Marion, Ind.. says in a letter dated Sect. 26. 1903:" .NERVAN' TA$-'.
LETS are curing him of Rheumatism and Kidney troubles. Everybody ¦ who take* then
praises them. v « ¦ . .. - : •'
Nervan Tablet Co.. Chicago. HI.: - ..*-'ir J • . - , .-
' Dear Sirs — I desire to Inform you that I have taken NERVAN TABLETS for R.Vu-
matlsm and Kidney trouble and think they are wonderful. Don't belt* v» th*y can d?
equaled for the cure of diseases they are Intended to cur*. . ¦ . > .,• ;
My wife was troubled with Rheumatism; was In bed several days. I had her take,
your remedy and in three days she was up and doing her work and Is now entirety ' w«U.
We both wish you success. Very truly. "A." E. HARISTON." Chicago, in. J '
808 Leland avenue, Sheridan Park.' ' • I * , > : ¦. ¦ . ¦ _ • .: -, •
BEWARE of liquid preparations that contain ' alcohol. They stimulate for- a tin*.'
but in the end do you great harm. You take . no , chances with NERVAN TABLETS, hi
they contain no alcohol or other injurious Ingredients.
.- - You who suffer from Vital Weakness. Loss of Memory, difficulty in ' confentratint .
your thought, loss of energy and ambition, dark circles under the eyes. weak.TACk. <t& (
should not delay, but take, the peer of all N*rv« and Blood remedies. NERVAN TAB-
LETS. They will surely cure you. Sold by UNION DRUG COMPANY STORES. ¦ ¦¦:
T/KIOS 9XVO OOXTAVT 8TOBSS:
914 Xearny Street. ° Stockton and OTarrell Street*.
•: Market Street and Via Hess Avenue. . Sixth Street,' corner Mission. -' . .<
318 Montgomery Avenue. 400 Sutler Street. . ¦ . . -. .
! Valencia Street, cor. Twenty-Third. California and rillmore Street*, j 'Grand Rapids has followed the lead of several other Amer
ican cities and in a spasm of civic morality has indicted for
bribery seventeen men who formerly occupied positions of
dignity in ' her municipal councils. Isn't it strange that
these alleged malefactors are never caught while they arc
committing their offenses, or is there always a wide area of
connivance into which no probing inquiry can break? '" '
WORKING FOR IRRIGATION.
WHILE the people of San Joaquin County are re
joicing over the completion of the Manteca irri
gating ditch in the southern part of the county,
the citizens of Butte County have been holding meetings
at Gridley to devise ways and means to have the Butte
County canal constructed. Of the effect of the Manteca'
enterprise the . Stockton Record says that in three years a
desolate sand plain has been converted into a fertile,
wealthy country. - Manteca means butter in. Spanish.
"The Manteca skimming station started four years ago,
with thirty-five cows furnishing the milk. 6000
I do ncrt believe that if the average
woman saw her husband was willing
for her torhave the same liberty as he
himself demands' she woul(», as a rule,
complain or scold as often as she does
under other conditions,' ' •
* » *
What 1 refer to Is the feeling on the
part of the husband that the money he
earns is his, and that each penny he
doles out to his wife is given In the
light of a benefaction, and to the idea
of many a wife that she is a far better
Judge than her husband as to the per
centage of his income. he can afford to
give her.
The idea of business partnership
alone can keep this particular serpent
from the domestic Eden; can prevent
the harmonious menage from degener
ating at times Into the discord of a
menagerie.
By this I do not mean the slenderness
of the family purse, which enforces
mutual economy. In cases of that sort
true lovers are often drawn far more
closely together than were they multi
millionaires.
Another rock whereon many a good
ly married partnership has come to
grief is the subject of money.' I truly
believe that the greatest drawback to
married happiness between persons
who love and trust each other Is lack
of money.
• i • •
Fax more does it wear down both
nagger and naggee In the married
"firm."
The sooner husband and wife learn
that it is better to waive a point than
to carry that point through a storm of
tears and in the face of a blast of hot
temper the sooner will real conjugal
happiness dawn for both.
It is hard to understand why the
early fathers did not enlarge the list of
seven deadly sins to eight, in order to
include nagging. Perhaps because the
example of Samson's fall through much
nagging was then so much fresher in
the people's minds as to render a sepa
rate warning on the subject less neces
sary than now. It is a sin that brings
its own punishment. Note Kipling's
warning to his countrymen, who are
prone to nag and worry the Hindu:
For the Christian riles
And the Aryan smiles.
And it. weareth the Christian down.
If" two people truly love each other
mere difference of opinion on a few — or
many — subjects is no bar to happiness.
The little differences of opinion amount
to no real difference, and with a tactful
hand at the helm it is easy to steer
around the rocks. These rocks are,
after all, usually nothing more formid
able than pebbles.
True marriage should be a joint part
nership, in which "the party of the first
part" and "the party of the second
part" should (as in regular business
firms) be permitted to do as he or she
pleases, allowing r to the other member
of the firm the same privilege, so long
as neither does anything to endanger
that firm's strength and integrity.
Two men who enter business partner
ship do not quarrel daily as to which
shall rule. There is no question of su
periority or mastery. There is equality
and the harmony that nothing but
equality can bring. Nagging, too, is a
conspicuously absent 'quantity in the
equation. Were two men to plunge
into endless disputes as to which was
really the ruler, and were they to seek
to win each point by nagging, such a
firm might, with rare good luck, endure
for "one consecutive day."
Yet husband and wife who resort to
the same unpleasant tactics are expect
ed to remain as one until "death them
do part."
It is essential if they would avoid
misery that married "partners" should
remember that If a thing cannot be had
without nagging it would better not be
had at all; that when two people mar
ry neither merges forever all individu
ality, but that both still have an in
alienable right to their own ideas, be
liefs and opinions; that it is a mistake
to try to force each other into any ac
quiescent state* of mind.
• * •
For only by following out the con
tract idea and the partnership clause
therein implied can marital happiness
be made certain and permanent.
Sentiment in married life is very
beautiful. Without it such life is like
scng woA without music. But when
sentiment ignores businesslike manage
ment of domestic life it lapses from
sentiment (which is the essence of love)
Into sentimentality (whose first letter
is i's only connecting bond with "san
ity").
Despite a halo of veils, orange blos
soms, vows of devotion, Lohengrin pro
cessionals, Mendelsohn recessionals and
"The Voice that Breathed O'er Eden"
as a voluntary, the marriage service is
as much a business contract as is one
formally drawn up in a dingy office and
decked with red seals , and sprinkled
with dreary references to "the party of
the first part" and "the party of the
secend part."
Nor does the marriage state lose one
iota if its solemnity and beauty by be
fng a business contract instead of a
mere go.den thread of very fragile and
fragible love" vows. '
All the sentiment in the world does
not mask the fact that marriage is a
contract.
BT MRS. VIRGTXIA VAN DE WATER.
(Copyright, 1903, by Joseph B. Bowles.)
Marriage a Partnership.
For instance, the thought of food or
the eating of food causes an increase
in the caliber of the blood vessels
(arteries) going to the stomach. This
Increase means more blood to the part,
and the glands of the stomach, which
produce the gastric juice from the
blood, receiving more blood, be
gin to pour out their fluid. It
is estimated that the amount of gastric
Juice bo poured out is usually not less
than ten quarts a day. The quantity
of FHliva is probably from one to two
quarts, an?l that of intestinal Juice,
while not exactly known, is probably
quite equal to the amount of gastric
Juice. Then there is the bile, of which
there is produced from the blood from
one to two quarts. All this fluid—
about five gallons— Is withdrawn from
the blood and returns into the blood
These fixed fluids, however, are much
less important and much less interest
ing than the fluids which fluctuate
through the body. Of these the one
most essential to all the life processes
is the blood. The blood is the center
of all activities of the body. Into the
blood enter the oxygen from the lungs
an<* the digested food, while out of the
blood are filtered the other fluids or the
material from which they are made.
The total amount of blood is about one
eighth of the body weight— that is,
about eighteen pints (nine quarts) in a
person weighing 144 pounds. The blood,
while in constant motion from before
birth to death, varies somewhat in its
distribution. As a general thing it may
be said that of all the blood in the
body one-fourth is in the heart and
great blood tubes near the heart, one
fourth in the muscles, one-fourth in
the liver and one-fourth in the rest of
the body. By a marvelously beautiful
and complex arrangement of the. ner
vous system the caliber of the blood
vessels is regulated in accordance with
the requirements of the system.
Through the action of the nervous sys
tem the arteries (blood vessels) of the
part used or to be used are increased
in diameter. By this increase in cali
ber the part receives more blood, and
the glands (which are merely filters)
have more material out of which to
manufacture their products.
Two interesting fluids are the tears
and the meibomian fluid of the eye. The
lachrymal fluid (or tears) is produced
and stored up in two little. glands, one
on the inner Fide of each-eyeball. If any
foreign substance lodges in the eye the
pland is informed of the fact by a deli
fate telegraphic arrangement, and a
flow of tears is poured out for the pur
pose of dislodging the intruder. The
apparatus as a whole is one of the most
delicate and beautiful in the body.
The meibomian fluid is formed by a
system of t;ny plands situated on the
under surface or the eyelids. On the
upper lid there are about thirty of these
glands, while the lower lid contains al
most as many. The ducts of these
glands open on the inner edges of the
eyelids ar"l pour forth fluid which pre
vents the lids from adhering, to each
other or to the eyeball.
There is perhaps no fact about the
human body so surprising to him who
bears it for/ the first l;me a? that the
body is practically a sack of circulating
fluids. A man weighing 150 pounds
contains about 110 pounds of \vater,
most of which is combined with other
elements to form ;:^lui~s thicker and
heavier than water. If the weight" of
the water, then, in th<». human body is
nearly three-quarters of the total
weight, the wtlght cfOthe fluids of
which that water is a part is considera
bly greater. We may mention, for in
stance, that nearly half of the blood, by
weight, consists of solid matters, the
cells, and that the blood as a whole \%
from 5 to S per cent heavier than water.
Still more interesting^ the fluids of the
body are all in constant motion. 'The
body is a. collection of fluids all moving
in tides round and round, back and
forth, in and out. All these fluids are
manufactured in the body mainly by
the glands, the work oL which will be
described in a forthcoming article.
Rome in smail quantities; some are used
up quickly, others are so slaw in being
used up an i replenished that they may
be called "the fixed fluids." Some of
the tides in the body's fluids move like
Niagara; others like a glacier.
Of the fluids o', the body about
twenty-five have been reeogrrzed and
studied. That there are more than this
we know; how many rnore we do not
know. There has been discovered- quite
recently a new fluid (the -adrenoxin" of
Sajous), knowledge of which elucidates
many physiologic operations hitherto
but imperfectly understood. ,-
In a general way the. fluids of the;
body may be divided into t*e f»xed and
the tidal. This distinction is. in reality,
quite arbitrary; for tue_fixeJ fluids are
always slowly dying arid passing out of
the body, -.vhile at the same time 'they
are being constantly renewed. Among
these '•fixed* fluids may be mentioned
ihe serous. In many places in the body
there are surfaces which constantly
play upon oach other, as. for instance,
the lungs against the chest walls in
respiration. In situations like this we
often find a closed sac so disposed that
it covers both surfaces; as in the chest
the outer surface of the lungs and the
inner surface of the chest are covered
by the pleura, which is a closed sac
containing a serous fluid, which moist
ens the surface and prevents undue
friction during respiration.
• Editor "Health Culture" Magazine, »w
Verb: author of •'Common Disorders,
•'Physical Training." etc..)
¦ Copyright, 1S»O3. by Joseph R Bowles.)
Fluids in the Body
BY vC R. LATSOX M. I).
But, above all, we are grateful that this is a land of hope,
in which the man who is down to-day may be up to-mor
row because of the abundance of opportunity and the ease
with which nature yields to the honest toil of man.
So, let us enjoy the spcial, spiritual and brotherly oppor
tunities of the day, spill greatly of our abundance into the
laps of those less blessed, and, fellowshipping, all men be
thankful.
THE old Puritans were a stern and unimaginative
people. Life for them had been a series of hard
, knocks, and their natures were armed for aggression
and resistance. They had a definite idea of the rights of
j human reason and human judgment, joined to a strongly
! superstitious faith. They were willing to become wanderers
on the face of the earth to find a place that they could
exclusively people and where they could found and de
fend a theocracy in which they would be free.
The enfranchisement sought for themselves was regarded
as a birthright which they were unwilling to share with
others. Long persecuted, reaction and resentment made
them the persecutors of others. But in their splendid self
will and independence were exactly the qualities needed for
the work they chose and for the foundation of the common
wealth which grew under their hard hands. No other people
in the world at their time could have mastered^ the task
they set for. themselves. The generations which have Jol
lowed them have been the beneficiaries of their character
and work, and out of" the Puritan nature the hardness and
exclusiveness have been leached until gentleness joins
firmness of purpose and both are gilded with the spirit of
universal liberty.
They founded Thanksgiving day as a substitute for Christ
mas, the observance of which, with elaborate ceremony and
ritual, they identified with their persecutors. But Thanks
giving had not long been constituted before it took on the
cheer and hope, the social expression and sentiment of
peace on earth and good will toward men which their Eng
lish ancestors had put into the observance of Christmas.
The descendants of the Puritans now observe both days
with equal respect, and both have become holidays na
tional in their character. Formerly Thanksgiving was pro
claimed by the Governors of States exclusively. The*first
proclamation of the holiday by a President was by Mr.
Lincoln, and it made a great stir. It was denounced as
another act of Federal usurpation and a blow at the sover
eign rights of the States. Opposition Governors were in
clined to proclaim a different day, and a decidedly thankless
feeling was engendered among those who at that time were
interested in making capital against the administration.
After the war for a considerable time the day was felt to
be identified with Northern sentiment. Its remote Yankee
origin was against it, and it was therefore quite generally
ignored in the South. Now, we believe, this has all passed
away, and throughout the Union there is observance of
the holiday. It is everywhere a day of family reunion, of
pilgrimage of children far scattered to the old home; and
when that is impossible members of families gather and
greet in social intercourse and enjoyment.
It has become a day for remembering the less fortunate,
not in charity, but in fellowship. The plenty that blesses
the prosperous overflows upon the tables of the poor, and
the brotherly spirit moves all who can to see to it that
every one has occasion to be thankful. So, as a day of fel
lowship and good feeling, it levels all classes and removes
the distinction between rich and poor. This spirit makes
the world brighter and fulfills the command to remember
our neighbor.
In the hardest times we of this new nation and strong
are not left without cause for thanksgiving, since our worst
estate has in it more than others enjoy at their best. We
may see trade slacken and industry slow down, and tables
grow lean, but the earth yields in abundance, and it may
be said truly that the American spirit desires that none
suffer for food and shelter. This spirit goes out even
to those in bonds, and every one reads with pleasure al
ways that prisoners all over the United States have their
better sentiments and their early recollections of innocence
and uprightness aroused by having brought to them some
of the cheer of Thanksgiving.
California felix, land of the great happiness, has always
cause for thanksgiving. Her landscapes are poems, her
climate a blessing, her richness abounding. To live here is
to dwell in a perpetual romance, and if there were no formal
proclamation human nature would agree upon an occasion
for the enjoyment and sharing of our abundance and the
expression of a thankful spirit. Our tables are spread as
none other. Vineyard and orchard send to them the orange
and grape freshly harvested, and fig and berry and all green
things growing in our perpetual garden, garnished by. our
ever-blooming flowers, make this , a day for emphasizing
our winterless land and the fruitfulness of a soil that never
rests but gives up its wealth to man every day in the year.
Grant that the snow and frost of the East bring their
substantial pleasures and supply the charms of contrast,
yet one cannot help feeling that if the Pilgrims had landed
here New England would still be as wild as Labrador, and
their rugged souls would have been sooner softened by our
sunshine and scenery. California has every material blessing
to be thankful for; but there are things of the spirit here,
in the fraternity, charity and ineffable graces of life that
are inspired by nature's gentleness and majesty, without
which merely material prosperity would be as sounding
brass and tinkling cymbal.. In these beatitudes of the spirit
Californians share with their Eastern friends . the graces
that money does not buy nor wealth express, but which
are the common inheritance of rich and poor. < Here with
peculiar persistency we hold as our social creed that
"A man may have an honest heart,
Though poortith hourly stare him;
A man may tak his neebor's part, ; 1
Yet have no cash to spare him." r
Th» lymph circulation is peculiar and
important. During the passage of the
blood through the capillaries a portion
of tlie plasma, or fluid, part of the
Mood, escapes from the vessels and
bathes the tissues, which select from
it the materials they need for their
sustenance The excess of this plasma
not used by the tissues is reabsorbed
Ly a set of vessels called the lyi»ph
atics. These lymphatics unite, forming
larger and larger trunks and finally
ending in two ducts or tubes, one on
each side of the body, which return the
lymph so absorbed into the blood
stream near its entrance into the heart.
every day: For, of course, the fluids
into the mouth, 'the stomach
and the Intestines are reabsorbed with
the digested food,* again entering the
blood and cuplying material for the
maintenance of the life process.
BE THANKFUL.
1THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. . . . . ... . . . . 'Address M Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
: Publication Office ~ <jjgg|p|^> ••• ......Third and Market Streets, S. F.
j THURSDAY : NOVEMBER 26, 1903
1 • • - ' -.-¦¦" ¦¦ _¦ - • ' . - ' ¦¦¦¦-¦ ¦ ' ¦ ¦ '
Special information supplied daily to
bruin*?* houses and public men by tha
Prtss Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 23a Call-
Xornla aticcU Telephone Mala 1«2» •
The Iowa Idea has broken out in *
new form. Dr. Latta of Oolfax, Iowa,
.wants Iowa to profit by au odd feature
Ready for Commitment.
Townsend*« California glace fruits and
cRiuitrs, 60c a pound, in artistic fire
etched boxes. A nle» present for Eastern
friends. "15 Market «t.. above Call bldg. •
CHINESE— C. G.. City. According to
the census of 1900. the Chinese popu
lation in San Francisco was 13,954. Be
fore the restriction act went into effect
It was in excess of 40.000. In 1900 the
Chinese population of Chicago. 111., was
1209. There are no figures that will
show what the exact Chinese popula
tion of either city la at this* time.
BIRTHDAY— Asker. City. A lady
who attends such an event as the cele
bration of an Emperor's birthday would
certainly not attend such a function
In ordinary street dress and remain
present with her hat on. If "she
occupied a seat way back. '
Henry Labouchere as a young diplo
mat was fond of amusing and bewil
dering his superiors. For instance, it is
said that once he was Instructed to
come home to London from Constanti
nople. He wasn't' heard of for some
time and was apparently lost in the
midst of the Black Forest or some of
the other lands that Intervened be
tween him and home. He was at last
traced, and then calmly wrote that he
was obeying orders and was making
his way homeward, but that as * his
chief had forgotten to send him any
money to pay the expense by the or
dinary methods of traveling he was
working his slow passage on foot.
Obeying Orders.
WASHINGTON'S PALLBEARERS—
S., City. The Ulster County Gazette
January 4, 1800, gives an account of
the funeral of General Washington and
names Colonel Slmms. Ramsay. Payne.
GUpin. Marsteller and Little as the
pallbearers. The funeral was held De
cember 20, 1779.
PANAMA FLAG-E. R., City. Tft!s
department has no other Information
relative to the flag of the republic of
Panama than that which has already
been published in The Call, to which
article reference is made in the letter
of inquiry.
WITNESSES— Subscriber, City. Tha
prevailing rule is that there should be
at least two witnesses In California to
a marriage, whether the same is per
formed by a Justice of the Peace or
any one authorized to solemnize a mar
riage. . ;
He "was a new > conductor on the Va
lencia-street line and had not been long
out from the "ould sod." He rather
felt the importance of his new position
and was inclined to exercise his little
authority on the slightest provocation.
Everything went swimmingly on hl3
first trip to the ferries, but on his way
back his troubles commenced.
When his car reached Lotta's foun
tain two ladies got on and took seats.
The new conductor came through the
car for his fares and was handed a
nickel by one of the ladles, who said
at the same time:
"Please let me off at Tenth street."
The other lady likewise tendered the
conductor a nickel, saying:
,"I want to get off at Twenty-sixth
street."
Mr. Conductor looked first at one
lady and then the other, and with a
lordly air said:
"I'll do no such a thine. I know my
business. Ye both got on together and
ye'll both get off together."
Knezu His Business.
STRAWBERRY— C., City. The straw
berry (fragaria) is designated as a
plant of the order Rosaceoe, and not as
a vine. The plant has runners by
which propagation is effected.
'Anszvers to Queries.
THERE is some indulgence in gloomy anticipations
about the Colombian debt and the probable refusal
of Panama' to assume a proportion of it. We believe
the bonded debt of Colombia held in Europe amounts to
$10,000,000 in gold. Panama claims that her local revenues
have been appropriated by the Bogota Government to the
amount of about $8,000,000, no part of which has ever
been repaid. The new republic is willing to let this go,
but is disinclined to assume any part of the national debt.
As far as the revenues of the isthmus seized by Bogota
are concerned, Panama may as well consider it a permanent
investment;- for if there is anything that disgusts a Central
American Government it is the idea of ever paying any
thing. The rule, in case of assuming or changing sover
eignty by revolution or conquest, is that debts do
not go with such change. For instance, when Texas
by revolution became independent of Mexico in 1836
and set up the Lone Star republic she assumed
none of the national debt of Mexico. If the Con
federate States had achieved their independence < none of
the holders of the bonds of the United States would have
looked to the Confederacy to pay a proportion of them.
An exception may be made in Panama because of the
interest of the United States in the independence of the
isthmus and the safety of the canal. The expectation 4 of
Bogota that we will recede is vain. Colombia has sowed of
the wind and must reap of the whirlwind. As the British
bondholders feel that their security is impaired, there is no
doubt that the United States, asan act of amity, : will ad
vise that Panama assume as much of the Colombian debt as
her 300,000 people should pay. Even if this suggestion be not
adopted there* will be no European complication and no
war upon t either Colombia or Panama, for the issue pre
sented is for The Hague court. It is a question of equity,
and not law, and that court can be trusted to decide it.
The process will be a joint action of Panama, Colombia
and the* United States, by protocol agreeing to arbitrate at
The Hague, naming the arbitral /issues and pledging them
selves to abide by the award There is no <ioubt that if
Colombia would quit- thumping h'er chest, tearing her hair
and yowling about her honor and institute good govern
ment,' peace and prosperity among her people she would
beable to pay her foreign debt and return the millions she
haswrested from the isthmus for the enrichment of her
bandit chiefs, • — ~s^-
THE COLOMBIAN DEBT.
The German Princess who eloped recently with her
coachman is said to have observed simply the commands of
a family habit. It is suspected that this cruel report is
nothing more than the shrewd invention of some enterpris
ing agent of an automobile house.
A curious phenomenon has "been no
ticed in the tropics that can never be
seen at higher latitudes. A mining
shaft at Sombrerete, Mexico, Is almost
exactly on the Tropic of Cancer, and at
noon on June 21 the sun shines to tha
bottom, lighting up the well for a ver
tical depth of 1100 feet or more.
Curious Phenomenon.
We worry about the weather.
With happy days in flight;
We've had enough of sunshine.
An* the rain's all right!
We heard the Summer singin*.
An' reaped the daisies white;
We've had a world of sunshine.
An* the rain's all right!
It's give an' take, my hearty —
The bloom, an' then the blight P
We've known Life's sunny weathe*»
An' the rain's all right!
— Atlanta Constitution.
A Wayside Jingle.
According to the observations of a
titled European diplomat Pius X has
violated another rule of pontifical eti
quette. The latter has prescribed that
the occupant of the chair of St. Peter
should never make use of a watch, and
although Leo XIII had received hun
dreds of watches, many of them adorn
ed with jewels and of great value, he
was always obliged when he wished to
know the hour of the day to inquire
for the information from one of the
prelates in attendance. Pius X, how
ever, will not hear of any restrictions
of this Byzantine character, and per
sists In carrying and in making fre
quent use of the cheap nickel watch
which was his inseparable companion
when he was Archbishop and patriarch
of Venice. Perhaps the reason for its
remaining with him was Just because
it was. of no monetary value and would
have fetched nothing at the Mont de
Piete or pawnshop. For at Venice he
was so freehanded in his charities that
he was always in financial straits, hav
ing even pledged his archiepiscopal
ring in order to give the money raised
thereon to some deserving case of
charity, within three months before his
election to succeed Leo XIII as Pope.
Pope Carries a Watch.
Snyder sells "temperance drinks" In a
Kansas town. A complaint of beer-sell
ing was lodged against him. He admit
ted on hia trial that the wet goods in
question looked like lager and had the
lager smell. But sometimes things are
not what they seem. Snyder*s defense
was that his beer was an innocent,
make-believe beer, and not the perni
cious alcoholic beer prohibited by Kan
sas law. A bottle was produced
in court. Snyder*s lawyer asked the
complaining witness to sample the con
tents and say whether or not it was
the same stuff he had bought in Sny
der's place. The commonwealth's law
yer objected and the Judge sustained
the objection. Snyder was convicted
and his lawyer took an appeal. Now
the Supreme Court of Kansas affirms
the Judgment of the District Court.
"On the trial of a defendant for selling
intoxicating liquors contrary to Jaw, a
witness for the State," says the learned
Justices, "cannot be asked upon cross
examination to drink from a bottle of
strange liquor proffered him and then
to state If such liquor 13 the same as
that he had previously purchased. 1
witness cannot be cross-examined up*
dubious drinks."— Hartford Courant.
Unusual Decision.
THE installation of a new ferry to Oakland should
stimulate settlement on the east side of the bay.
Whenever a new facility appears that is its natural
result. The land lines on the other side which connect
with the new bay route tap districts splendidly adapted to
residence purposes and which will soon be sought by
thousands of people who do business in San Francisco but
who prefer for all or part of the year the change afforded
by the Contra Costa Mountains and the suburbs of Oak
land, Berkeley and Alameda. The scenic, advantages are
unequaled. When the new tunnel was opened through
the mountains to connect Oakland with Contra Costa
County it was discovered that the road to it is a scenic
boulevard of the greatest charms, perhaps second only to
the mountain road that climbs Tamalpais. People cannot
be kept away from such fine locations for homes except
by extraordinary circumstances affecting access to the spots
which so allure the fancy.
Only one thing, can spoil the prospect opened to the
east shore of the bay. by additional ferry facilities. The
new line challenges the Southern Pacific ferries to a trial
of speed. The history of the latter system furnishes evi
dence that safety has been its first motive. While com
muters occasionally growled about speed, they were a unit
in commending the provisions for safety. Now, if rivalry
sacrifices safety to speed, the effect upon the eastern shore
will be disastrous. We get frequent reminders of the need
of consulting safety first in the accidents, usually without
casualty, that occur in the bay fogs. It is a maxim in all
transportation that as speed rises safety declines. San Fran
cisco is interested in building up her tributary territory.
The more attractive the eastern shore is made the better
for this city. Thousands of people will come to settle there
who do not care to live on this side. But from the moment
of their settlement there they become tributary to this
city.' They wish to cross the bay — to go and come at will —
and the opportunity to do so is one inducement to settle
there. But get among them the idea that speed has over
taken safety and settlement will cease.
It is an age of enterprise and progress and adventure.
The prosperity of the last few years has equipped thousands
with ability to live where they please, to cast their lines
in places pleasant to them. But they will not in doing so
take on risks and anxieties that offset the advantages which
attract them. Let us have a safe ferry service first, and
sacrifice not a bit of it to speed.
Further explanations were cut off by
the doctor abruptly leaving the woman
and her pet to lament upon the hard
heartedness of doctors in general and
this one in particular.
It was" during the still hours of the
forenoon and the attaches of the
Emergency Hospital were at leisure,
•waiting for something to come in to
relieve the monotony of the day, when
a neatly attired woman with a sweet
face and polished manners walked in
and inquired for the doctor. In her
arms 'she carried a bundle encased in
a white woollen shawl. The surgeon
on duty readily responded and Inquired
the lady's trouble. "Oh," she exclaim
ed, "my baby got its leg broke and 1
•want It fixed." The polite doctor led
the woman Into the operating room and
prepared to attend to the case.
Unwrapping the bundle, the doctor
found In the multudinous swathings of
cotton a white poodle dog with one of
its limbs encased in a bandage. A
smile spread over the doctor's face
when he said: "Madam, we do not
set dogs' limbs here; this place is only
for human beings who get hurt by ac
cidents. Why don't you go to a veter
inary surgeon?"
"Oh, because he might handle my
pet too roughly and I want a kind
hearted doctor, who will not inflict
pain upon my darling," sobbed the
lady.
Her Poor Baby.
SPEED AND SAFETY.
An old man, who had taken all the degrees in a strenuous
alcoholic career, dictated to a typewriter the other day a
tearful letter of earthly farewell and then disappeared. * The
omy possibly redeeming feature to the maudlin incident
is not yet a matter of record. His body has not been found
by the proper authorities.
of the St. Louis "World's Fair in the
way of a whale farm, to be conducted
on a water covered pasture, the whale
milk to be sold instead of the milk of
cows or goats. He puts the suggestion
in this way: ,-•:
"My proposition is to catch fat,^£resh
whales, bring them up to the World's
Fa,lr ground by way of the Gulf of
Mexico and Mississippi River to a wet
pasture, this pasture to be suitable for
the maintenance and the milking of
these animals. Now, in order that you
may understand the commercial value
of this undertaking, I will give you
some figures.
"Suppose we obtain thirty whales.
Each whale has, according to the en
cyclopedia, thirty breasts; each breast
will supply. eleven gallons of milk twice
daily; each-graJlon Is worth $0 so that
the sum total per day would be
30x30x32, or $19,800. Each whale is good
commercially for 100 days. At the end
of such period the magnificent sum of
$1,930,000 would stand to our credit."
"The astuteness and resourcefulness
of a number of criminal lawyers in this
city," said a Superior Judge a few days
ago, "have kept many a guilty man
out of Jail. There is one lawyer here
' who secured an acquittal of a man
charged with a forgery a few years
ago under circumstances that, to say
the least, showed him to be a trickster
beyond compare.
"The man was guilty beyond a
shadow of a doubt and the Jurymen
who were to decide his fate thought so
to a man up to the time this attorney
presented his case to them. Then he
shattered the prosecution's case to
atoms, and he did it simply by calling
the Jury's attention to the hands of
his client. 'Look at this man's hands.*
he said, with all the force of a trained
orator: 'could they, tnlck and ungain
ly, calloused and stiff as they are, wield
a pen with such skill as must have
been the skill of the man who wrote
the signature on this check? It is pre
posterous to suppose that such hands
are capable of performing such a deed."
"Well, the Jury brought in a verdict
of not guilty after being out little more
than an hour. It developed the next
day that the accused during the en
tire three months that he was confined
awaiting trial had for hours at a time
paced ud and down in his cell rub
bing and slapping his hands against the
walls that formed the sides of his cell.
His labor saved him from the felon's
dungeon."
Remarkable Plea.
An agreement was reached that "the company sell to the
non-landowners who desired to help along the irrigation
project what is termed, for the want of any other name,
a 'floating water right,' which the purchaser must locate
on a particular piece of land within a period 'of two years
after the completion of the canal. This location may be
made by purchase of land or by sale to an actual owner
of land. The proposition met -with favor 'immediately, and
within a few minutes the business people signed contracts
covering a thousand acres of land."
The Argus says that with 5000 acres pledged in Sutter
County and 3000 acres secured in Butte County there re
main but .2000 acres to add to make the project a success.
pounds of milk and 658 cows are handled daily," so says
the Record.
When the completion of the ditch was celebrated Gov
ernor Pardee and President Benjamin Ide Wheeler of the
University of California were among the speakers. The
significance of the enterprise was indicated by Professor
Fortier of the University of California, who estimated that
the water in the ditch would irrigate- 200,000 acres in May,
62,000 acres in June and 17,000 acres in July.
At Gridley, so reports the Biggs Argus, there was a
mass meeting and later in: the day a conference in v the
Rideout Bank. The latter gathering was encouraging.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 1903.
8
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESPROMINENT POLITICIAN WHO
SUCCUMBED YESTERDAY TO
ATTACK OF HEART DISEASE.
MORRIS, Minn.. Nov. 2^ — The Great Nor
thern coast flyer, which left St. Paul last
evening, was wrecked at Donnelly, Minn., last
night. The mall car, containing all west
bound paDer mail, was burned and the mall
clerk and his helper were slightly Injured.
¦WASHINGTON, Nov. 23.— Justic« John C.
Pollock of ths Supreme Court of Kaaras ha*
been nominated by the President as the suc
cessor to United Statei District Judce Hook,
who recently was appointed United States Cir
cuit Judee of Kar.sa*. ,
A raindrop one-twenty-fifth of an inch
in diameter cannot fall at a greater pace
than thirteen feet a second. Raindrops
•seldom exceed one-eighth of an inch in
diameter. '
Henry Barlow, 37 Oak Grave avenue
reported to the police that some one
had entered his residence by crawling
through a rear window on the night of
October 23 and had stolen a diamond*
ring.valued at 1100 and 122 in coin. He
said he suspected his son Benjamin,
who was a deserter from the cruiser
Boston, and wanted him arrested. De
tectives Freel and Bunner were de
tailed on the case and arrested the
young man on Tuesday evening. Yes
terday his father refused to see him in
the City Prison and declared that he
would not swear to a complaint against
him*. Benjamin was booked as a de
serter from the navy.
Will Not Prosecute Son,
At the time Rainey was elected Fire
Commissioner he became a member of
the police force, doing duty as a prison*
keeper. When Chief Cockrill succeeded
Patrick Crowley in 1S73 as Chief of Po
lice Rainey was ordered on street duty,
and he resigned from the force.
WIELDED GREAT INTLTJENCTL
In 1877 Rainey was elected Superin
tendent of Engineers and held the po
sition for fourteen years. He resigned
because his other interests demanded
his attention. VThile in the Fire De
partment Rainey continued In politics.
He wielded great influence and was
called upon for all sorts of favors. He
and "Bobs" Buckley engaged in run
ning: Democratic politics and every ef
fort was -made to undermine their
strength. This was successful in No
vember. 1S91. when Buckley and Rainey
was indicted by the Grand Jury for
alleged boodllng. Buckley escaped
prosecution by going to Canada. Noth
ing came of the indictment and both
men returned and continued their work.
Buckley's. Dower, however, was gone.
On the other hand, Rainey seemed to
lay his wires with more adroitness and
be was. able to dictate to conventions
as before. Rainey and Buckley.' had
run things In this city to suit them
selves, but dissensions arose, and in
He proved his great strength in the
board by having David. Scannell elected
Chief. Scannell was a devoted friend of
Rainey's, and. like the deceased, was
a born fireman. Powerful influences
were brought to bear upon the board,
but the outside influences could not de
feat Rainey's nominee. David Scannell
was elected Chief and proved to the
whole world that his selection was a
¦wise one.
Later on Ackerson won. When J. J.
Kennedy. John Rosenfeld and Martin
Bulger got on the board by resignation
appointment and election David Scan
nell was made Chief.
Early in his career he showed an ap
titode for leading men. He was se
lected a delegate to the Board of Dele
gates, which then looked after the des
tinies of the volunteer fire department.
This board subsequently gave way to
the Board of Fire Commissioners. In
this board Rainey did excellent work.
He then saw the necessity of a strong
Democratic organization and began to
develop one. With the Fire Depart
ment as a nucleus, he surrounded him
self with men that took his orders and
did his bidding and he soon became
a power. He was elected In 1S68 a
member of the Board of Fire Commis
sioners and for four years was recog
nized as the master of the board.
When the Legislature was Demo
cratic a bill was passed recognizing
the Fire Department, and Torrey and
Merrill, the fire underwriters, were put
out. but regained their positions again
in 1S72. Rainey and Reynolds were re
tained, and when the Legislature ad
journed they were in the minority for
McLane and Curtis. The Democrats,
however, refused to stand with them.
For six months Rainey and Reynolds
voted for J. E. Nuttman for chief of
the department. Curtis and McLane
stood for Ackerson and B. H. Freeman
for Whitney.
excitement of fighting fire, and he stud
led the best methods to improve the
service. His ideas and suggestions were
always considered and often adopted
by those in authority. His whole aim
was to give this city one of the best
departments in the world, and he lived
long enough to see It under splendid
discipline, commanded by an ideal fire
fighter. Chief Dennis Sullivan, and the
men placed on a salaried basis.
Chief Sullivan yesterday paid a high
tribute to his friend. He was greatly
affected by the news of his death. He
said Samuel Rainey was the, best
friend the department ever had and
every fireman will mourn his taking
off, because he was always devoted to
their interests. He recalled Mr.
Rainey's good deeds and kindly ways.
He was affected by the news and those
around him were likewise - depressed.
They remembered talking to the de
ceased but the day before and never
gave a thought of his being carried off
within a day.
Friends crowded the home of sorrow
yesterday and tried to comfort the
widow. Mrs. Rainey is prostrated.
Rainey leaves no children. His
adopted son, -Willie Nelsqn, was his
pride. He was also devoted to hla
brothers. William Rainey of the City of
Parts. George Rainey, and his sister,
Mrs. c. H. Hewitt.
The funeral will take place to-mor
row from the late residence. 1109 Golden
Gate avenue. Rev. Dr. Reed of the
California-street Methodist Episcopal
Church will ofllciate. The Interment
will be at Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
Chief Dennis Sullivan of the San
Francisco Fire Department, Edwin M.
Graney, Colin M. Boyd, George Max
well and Fisher Ames were numbered
among his closest friends. Graney's
sorrow at the death of his friend was
so great that he tried to get out of
refereeing the contest between Fitz
slmmons and Gardner. But for the
fact that the contest might not go on
if he was not In the ring, Graney would
have declined to officiate.
When the new charter went into ef
fect the power of Rainey was some
what crippled, as the various patron
age offices were put under civil service.
Rainey was greatly disappointed when
his life-long friend, George Maxwell,
was ousted as secretary of the Board
of Fire Commissioners and he blamed
Mayor Phelan for the downfall of his
friend. Despite this removal, Rainey's
influence was still strong, and It con
tinued so up to his death. The Board
of Fire Commissioners appreciated his
services to the department to such an
extent that at one of its meetings it
drafted resolutions of thanks to him.
Mr. Rainey was a member of the
Olympic Club. He used to visit the
athletic institution daily for a swim.
He was always cheery and delighted to
meet the young athletes. He was very
popular with the club members and the
news of his death will be deeply re
gretted by them.
FRIENDS MOURN.
CHARTER WEAKENS POWER*
1S95 the "bosses" dissolved partnership.
The Quarrel that brought about the
split-up between the two leaders was
the effort on Buckley's part to give Jo
seph Dimond the Mayoralty nomina
tion. Rainey objected to Dimond and
put forth the name of James D. Phelan.
As usual Rainey's Judgment prevailed.
Mayor Phelan was nominated and was
elected.
Dr. Bedloe went to the Orient sev
eral months ago as the representative
of a newspaper syndicate and reached
Japan on October 8, the- day on which
It was expected that the outbreak be
tween Russia and Japan would occur.
Naturally he was disappointed over the
turn of affair?. For a number of years
he was American Consul at Amoy and
Formosa and is familiar with the Chi-
I nese and Japanese people. He Is of the
j opinion that the latter are eager for
1 war with Russia and says that the lit
j tie brown men have no fear of the re
j suit. He claims that the Japanese are
stronger as. a naval force in the East
i than Russia and are steadily strength- j
ening their fleet- by converting a num
ber of mail steamers, recently pur
chased, into armored cruisers.
Dr. Bedloe regards the alliance be
tween Great Britain, Germany and
Japan as one purely defensive and ln
| dlcates that England will not permit
I any nation to make war on Japan.
John Goodnow, United States Consul
General at Shanghai, and Dr. Edward
Bedloe. for many years in the Amer
ican consular service in the Orient,
were among the passengers on the
steamer from China and Japan
ports yesterday. Consul Gen
eral Gootlnow is on a leave of
absence of sixty days, the greater por
tion of which he purposes to spend
with relatives, in Minneapolis. He goes
first to Ann Arbor to meet his son, who
is a student there. From Minneapolis
he will go to Washington and thence
to New York. The American represen
tative does not look for war in the
Orient, but, believes that the existing
trouble will be satisfactorily settled
between the contending nations. He
expressed himself as highly pleased
with the new Chinese treaty, which he
declared is of great importance to the
United States.
REDWOOD CITY, Nov. 25. — The
taking of testimony in the McDermott
will contest was completed this morn
ing. The arguments will be made by
the attorneys as soon as the short
hand reporter writes up the te&timony.
Mrs. Mary Anne Burns, who takes
practically all of the estate under the
will, was called to the stand this morn
j ing for cross-examination. She said
that she had given up all hope of
finding a will at the time it was dis
covered by Mrs. Foye among some
things taken from the McDermott
house on the night of Mrs. McDermott's
death. She was shown the will and
made the statement that she never saw
it before. She said she was not pres
ent at Mrs. Foye's when the will was
found and that her husband took it to
her attorney in San Francisco upon its
being given him by Mrs. Foye.
John Burns testified that on May 13
his wife asked him to go to San Mateo,
they living in San Francisco at the
time, and get some clothes left with
Mrs. Foye by Mrs. Burns some months
previous. He met a friend named Don
nelly and asked him to accompany him.
Burns took a large hafhper with him
in which to pack the clothes. As soon
as they arrived at the Foye residence
Mrs. Foye brought out a basket and in
transferring the things from the basket
to the hamper she found the will. Burns
was closely examined about this cir
cumstance by .the contestants and
asked if it was not all prearranged
that the will should be found in just
this way, and if he did not slip the will
Into the basket when Mrs. Foye's at
tention was distracted. This he in
dignantly denied.
Donnelly gave similar evidence as to
the finding of the will and denied that
he had any hand in placing the will in
the basket.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
¦V" -
Former Consul Bedloe Is a
Fellow Passenger on
Same Steamer.
Husband of Legatee Tells of
Finding of the Disputed
Document.
Deceased was 63 years of age. He
was a native of Philadelphia and was
bora there August 3. l£«0. He received
a common school education, and at the
age cf 15 years accompanied his parents
to California. He arrived here in No
vember, 1E55. After his arrival Rainey
went to work In the Union Iron Works.
He served his apprenticeship under the
late Peter Donahne. He became an ex
pert machinist and worked at his trade
for many years. Rainey was a sober,
studious young man, and he improved
his mind by reading and study. Like
other young men. In 1S60 he Joined the
old volunteer fire department, and the
records show he was attached to En
gine 6, which was stationed on Sacra
mento street, near Sansome. Sub
sequently he was attached to Engine
10, on Pacific street, near Kearny.
In 1867 Rainey became engineer of
Engine 1, which position be filled until
he was elected Fire Commissioner in
1SCS.
He was a born fireman. He loved the
He enjoyed sport and often he at
tended the races. He loved a good
horse. andQiothlng delighted him more
than to thoroughbreds in action.
He was also interested in a "book" at
the track- He occasionally bet at the
races, buir never heavily.
Samuel Rainey s career in politics
¦was an interesting one. It started in
1£M and continued up to his death. He
had his victories and. his defeats. He
never lost courage when adversity
overtook his side, but only bent his
resourceful energies to perfecting the
organization that it might be success
ful the next time. In the carspaipn
just closed Samuel Rainey eucceeoted in
carrying two districts, the Thirty
eighth, where he lived, and the Forty
third. He was opposed to Gavin Mc-
Xab and the county organization, and
despite the efforts of the friends of Me-
TCab carried the districts at the pri
mary election and went into the con
vention with colld delegations. He
Joined forces with the "Horses and
Carts." as the minority was called, and
tried to secure his share of the patron
age offices. McNab checkmated him,
however, as he had the highest number
cf votes in the convention. Rainey was
opposed to Lane's nomination and
swung his support to Mayor Schmitz.
It was due to his efforts that the Fire
Department voted solidly for the re
election of the Mayor.
AS A VOLUNTEEB FTEEMAN.
listen to tales of distress told by the
unfortunate. His hand was always ex
tended in helping the needy, and the
men and women he has assisted in the
last two score years are legion. In re
turn all he desired was true friendship,
and this was given him. If Sam Rainey
made a cromise it was never broken.
If he pledged himself to do anything.
h* carried out that pledge. He never
betrayed a confidence and was never
accused of doing so. He had enemies,
as ail men in his business have. He
dealt fairly with the men who sought
to injure him. and those who did him a
service never regretted it.
POPULAR WITH ALL MEN.
He was extremely popular with all
classes-^f men. Despite the tremendous
powers"^he wielded he never lost his
head. He %Gs always the same, always
approachable, was hot given to
boasting r£>r to words. Only among his
intimates Clid he ever talk, and then
guardedly. He was well read and alive
to the events of the day. t He was direct
in epeech and certain cf his ground be
fore he assumed it. Politics was his
game and his hobby. He enjoyed poli
tics as another man wou!<P cards or
other pastime. He enjoyed his home
life and was always surrounded by his
friends.
ways felt. He knew how to manipu
late delegates so that they would vote
for candidates friendly to his cause. He
was able to swing votes at will, and
even up to the time of his demise was
a leading factor in politics.
In his death the San Francisco Fire
Department loses a true friend. He
was a fireman in his younger years and
was devoted to the brave men who risk
their lives to save property. All his
energies were devcted to the work of
improving the department, and this
city owes a great deal to the deceased
for the excellence of the service.
Generous to a fault, big hearted and
sympathetic, he was always ready to
In the death of Samuel Rainey this
State has lost rne of its most successful
politicians. He was a leader, and his
leadership extended over the Demo
cratic party for mar.y yeare. He was a
successful politician when such men as
"Boss" Hig?ins, "Boss" Buckley and
others were in control. Rainey proved
himself an able successor, and it was
by his leadership that the Bourbons
were successful in controlling muni
cipal affairs. Nor did Samuel Raincy's
work cease in municipal politics. He
was always in the fore front at State
ronventions. and his influence was al-
SUCCESSFUL POLITICIAN.
Sanue! R-lnejr. cne of the best
known politicians in the State, passed
eway at CMS o'clock yesterday morn
ing at h:s bome, 1103 Golden Gate ave
nue. Hesrt disease doubtless caused
death. Deceased ¦was taken ill the pre
vious day while attending the races at
Emeryvtl'? track, and had to go home.
He ccn-.r-- 5rj ed of a pain in the chest,
ar.d be wm given close attention by his
wife.
At dtaaerthe pain had left him and
he feit better. In the evening Mr.
Rainey •was able to sit up and play
whist -with his wife and his adopted
en. "VTOHe Nelson. Dr. "Ward, the fam
i;y rhysScian, called in the evening and
rrescribed. end Mrs. Rainey attended
the sick man. There -eras no apprehen
f ion of danger, and Mr. Rainey was not
worried over his condition. He believed
he was suffering from a s'igbt cold, and
uped hot appliances to relieve himself
of the trouble. During the night anc!
yesterday morning Mm Rainey arosj
and gave her husband the medicine
prescribed by the physician.
At 7 o'clock she stepped in the room
where he was lying and found him
dead. His right hand was drawn up and
pressed against his heart. Mrs. Rainey
called f cr assistance, but it was too
late. Her husband had passed from
this world.
Consul General Returns
to Visit Relatives '
in the East.
Taking of Testimony in
McDermott Case Is
Concluded.
Samuel Rainey Succumbs to Heart Failure, and His Untimely Tak
ing Off Is Greatly Lamented by All Who Knew and Loved Him.
Remarkable Career of One-Time Leader of Democratic Party
WILL CONTEST
HEARING AN END
GOODNOW HOME
FROM SHANGHAI
WELL-KNOWN POLITICIAN SUDDENLY
ANSWERS DEATH'S DREAD SUMMONS
THE SAN FKA3SUJSCJU CALiIi, THUKSDAY, 'KOYKMBER 26, 1903,
9
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Uncle Sam
Has Dyspepsia,
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets Are a Positive
and Permanent Cure for the
National Disease.
As a people we eat too much and the
wrong kind of food. Because it tastes
good we crowd the stomach with rich,
unnutritious food and drink. We over-
tax the digestive apparatus to such an
extent that it refuses to perform its
duty and a conglomerate mass of half
chewed, undigested material lies in the
stomach until it rots, causing the forma-
tion of acids, gases and ptomaines,
which produce the painful condition
which we 'know as dyspepsia.
For business men. office men and
clerks, and in fact every one engaged in
sedentary or indoor . occupations, grains,
milk and vegetables, with a moderate
meat allowance," are much more health-
ful than a heavy meat diet.
Only men engaged in : severe outdoor
manual labor can. live on a, heavy meat
diet and continue in. health.
It is- a well-established truth that
nine-tenths of all diseases originate. with
a breaking down of the digestion. -A
weak stomach weakens and impoverishes
the system, making it easy for disease
to gain a foothold.
Nobody need fear consumption, kidney
disease, liver trouble or a weak heart
and nervous system as long as the diges-
tion is good and the stomach able to as-
similate plenty of wholesome food.
Thousands have some form of stomach
trpuble and do not know It. They as-
cfibe the headache, the languor, nervous-
ness, insomnia, palpitation, constipation
and similar symptoms to some other
cause than tho true one. Get your di-
gestion on the right track and the heart
trouble, lung trouble, liver disease or
nervous debility will rapidly disappear.
Nothing is more certain than that the
use of so-called tonics, stimulants and
medicines, which depend upon alcohol for
their effect, Is injurious to health in the
long run.
Many liquid patent medicines derive
their effect entirely from the alcohol
they contain.
Alcohol and medicines containing it
are temporary stimulants and not in any
sense a true tonic In fact, it is doubt-
ful if any medicine or drug is a real
tonic.
A true tonic is something which will
renew, replenish, build up the exhausted
nervous system and wasted tissues of
the body; something that will enrich the
blood and endow it with the proper pro-
portions of red and white corpuscles
which prevent or destroy disease germs.
This is what a real tonic should do and
no drug or alcoholic stimulant will do it.
The only true tonic in nature is whole-
some food thoroughly digested. Every
particle of nervous energy, every minute
muscle, fiber and drop of blood is created
daily from the food we digest.
The mere eating of food has little to
do with the repair of waste tissue, but
the perfect digestion of the food eaten
has everything to do with it
The reason so few people have perfect
digestion is because from wrong habits
of living the stomach has gradually lost
the power to secrete the gastric Juice,
peptones and acids ln sufficient quantity
To cure Indigestion and stomach trou-
bles it is necessary to take after meals
some harmless preparation which will
supply the natural peptone and diastase
which every weak stomach lacks, and
probably the best preparation of this
character is Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets,
which may be found in every drug store
and which contain ln pleasant, palatable
form the wholesome peptone and diastase
which nature requires for prompt diges-
tion. ¦
One or two of these excellent tablets
taken after meals will prevent souring,
fermentation and acidity and Insure com-
plete digestion and assimilation.
ptuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are as
equally valuable for little children as for
adults, as they contain nothing harmful
or stimulating, but only the natural di-
gestives. •
¦ One of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets will
digest 1800 grains of meat, eggs or other
wholesome food, and they are ln every
sense a genuine tonic, because they
bring about in the only natural way a
restorative of nerve power, a building
up of lost tissue and appetite, ln the only
way it can be done, by the digestion and
assimilation of wholesome food.
The root of the matter is this, the di-
gestive elements contained in Stuart's
Dyspepsia : Tablets will digest the food,
give , the ' overworked stomach a chance
to recuperate, and the nerves and whole
system receive the nourishment which
can only come from food; stimulants and
nerve tonics never give' real strength;
they ¦ give a fictitious strength. Invaria-
bly followed by reaction. Every drop of
blood, every nerve and tissue is manu-
factured from our daily food, and if you
can insure Its prompt action and com-
plete digestion by the regular use of s«
good and wholesome a remedy as Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets you will have no need
of nerve tonics and sanitariums. •-
- Although Stuart's Dyspepsta Tablets
have been In the market only a few
years, yet probably every druggist in the
United States. Canada and Great Britain
now sells them and considers them ; the
most popular and successful of any
preparation for stomach . trouble.
ATJ vfcJfcTISMMHjyTS. / ._
Last Call <° r Christmas!
¦it ¦ ___ ,1, If you Intend to order th« ENCYCLOPAEDIA BRITANNICA
3-tL'ff 4i">^4lT I ¦* » holiday Rift— you munt d.-» so AT ONCE. Th!s Is positively
gj rJ4V_t *ft I"-,' f'Tt^ cur 1&st Christmas advertisement, and our last warning. *>ri»rs
isAlit ' f 4l**I_.T /¦¦**£ ar« pilir.s up to such an extent that at least thirty days will b-
1? _mJ''1 '¦> 5£r- required to CM them— this, despite the fart that the Iar5««t bock
nf_T7tC7ITiTtTSi_ manufactory in the Unlt»d States is w^rklnr nieht and day on
lip^i-W M CARLOADS OF BRITANN1CAS
jii*. fcij* 4 » $»-y3>51pH Have b^en sold ?inc» we b*ean this famous distribution d •>.•
CHS 1154^.^^1 if~£~?9 20th Century Edition— a. jrr^ater ra> than cf a'.: other ency'lo-
HHwisTi' V*£g\ paedias combined.
HW)fi|£Miy.»] JijEsia We cannot promise to deliver b^cts itfr t>.» fc^'liay* »Ser I>-
M~>t,^ f»'l B.Mjlf**^ cember 1st. To avnid dlsarroinyr.er.t you hart b«*5t »»nd ir. th»
4^t Of* f^itii l-lS&Sl Inquiry Coupon NOW— before ycu lay asid» th!s pap^r. It will
* C7? ' ffH- r^fl br1n * fu<l1 particulars ani entitle you O one cf our hol'.±*y book-
MPPHeJ AN IDEAL GIFT!
(u+I?'irV!riH( " Ij?f^T| The Cth Century Edition of the ENCTCLOPAETIA BRIT.VN-
W '¦ lin- ;'' T "" *7fe^3 NICA is a sift that any on» wouli be rmud t3 receive. It is a
! * fl «•»>_? 3.Ss3§i treasur* store r>f n«eful lcnmrledf;?. c^rr.ri'.'i by ih* greatest
i Jjtt R' - - 4£?|y scholars for one hundred years. It wtl! ad* distinction to ths
Tt-S -fclw'"* home and b» a constant Incentive- t-> sound r»a4irr «r.d study.
.: 'I »' 'r"i — Ja^S Tills kin* of all reference works is a eift wcrth while:
W IH 4 "PS PAY FOR IT AFTER CHRISTMAS!
fc*7ft>ih' 1 3«! • *"V'J^^ BRITANNICA take.* little cf your fhri'trr.as money— nothir.*
1 *1t **<¦¦* *S3?^ beyond the first payments. Afterward it may b« paid for a llttl*
TTT'H t-J" ~iW& at a time— when you will hardly feel the outlay. a.-J if you crier
I *fr <t 13 $ " 'SJSIr* now - y° u set it at less than half price.
Pppi 1 1 |P PRICE WILL SOON ADVANCE!
I TC '^StJK iBPfM On account of the Increased cest of mat<^-ials and labor. th«
"Tft 7»VtfI "" "Jife2z£. price of this Encyclopaedia must be advanced at an early date.
! til! 'Hwj'* [SjS^ w « have, however, arranged that thi» increase in price shall not
¦ I ..27 t . tl-i'J T "7?% fo Into effect until the present printing U exhausted.
' . TK i TVSji T *\& But prompt action is needed to obtain a set on the present
'¦ ¦ "T* ' *, %>' IT* : St&Z& advantageous terms. Cut out the INQUIRY COUPON before you
' *tti .iftw-.y*v 3*3^s Uy * si<le thls p*p* r - and se=d !t ln AT ° xcE -
jl| !rg_K i ifjfl WHAT IS SAID OF IT.
J-lT^jl *»!<; /' "It i!l without a \^r ln thn whole noble army cf enelrpae-
(^fli'U^-P-Jr*' '&&&? filas."— LYMAN ABBOTT. D. D.
B>tH%HM^.y^B* W&?? , "The Encyclopaedia Britannca Is kins of its tribe." — PRO-
" ' "7J ' '^t_." '" * -t&*l FESSOR DAVID SWING.
» V f l/rST?^«T'.^5^'Sy* > "If all other books wer» destroyed, the Bib> eT-e-t*i. ta«
/fTit^^Jfcii^^^*-^" world would loe« but little cf Its Informatl m."— SPURGEON.
Ijjfil^^'l/Fi- »fe^ffi^jn ¦*¦ Halted number of Bookcases will toe gTrea
i "llZl '"cSJ? 2 * SEsagSEJ free of charsr* to San Prandico Call readers who
I respond, promptly. The Coupon below will be
M^ffii^ l >tfwiKt$st%§^ known as the Bookcase Coupon and should bo
'J^vrrr^r^Tt^-W^* mailed at once.
wcigh?over^oSTbs. 3Sr Cut Out and Mail This Coupon To-Oay
I ~"| ~ ll-2«-03 I
31 Volumes In all. — c . .
25 voimnei winth Edition. American
5 volume* American Additions. Newspaper Association
I Volume Gnido to Systematic Parrott Building:. San Fraactsco. Ca!.
Reading of t_a Wnole Work. gend m^ -^T et WB7)la
______________^^^^^ == _ = _____. pases and full particulars of your En-
— — — — — -—---—---——— cyclopaedia offer (Bookcase Ccupcn.)
_rf-v _« Secures tbe entire s«t of th« Name
I New 20th Centnry Edition Etr *«t Towa
I 1 M H you can Day tbe balance at Connty State
1 B the rate of only lOc a day fAT T RTTPT7 ATT
for a short time. IA1*L -SUKC.AU
AirasEaiEsrrs.
MATINEE TO-DAY.
LAST 3 NIGHTS — LAST 2 UATXETXSS.
EVENINGS AT 8.
MATINEES TO-DAY and SATURDAY, at 2.
KLAW & ERLANGER'3
Stupendous Prodnctlon of General Wallace s
BEN HUR
Dramatized by William Youn*.
Music by Edear Stlllman Kelley.
Positively Last Performance Next Sat. Mjnt.
Prices — S2, 31.50. tl. 75c and SOc
5IXT STTOTJAT MATIHEE
Opening of the Besmlar Comom_tlo»
Season, ror On* Week Only.
The Famous Scenic Melodrama,
OVER NIAGARA FALLS
Aitonndintr Electrical Effects.
All Special Scenery.
Don't Miss the Bealistlo and Marvelous
JTlasrara Palls Scene.
Popular Prices — 15c 35c 50c 75c
SEATS NOW OS 8AIJ:.
REGULAR MATTgEES — BUJPAT.
THURSDAY AMP SATPSDAT.
MATINEE TO-DAY. THURSDAY. NOV. M.
Parquet, any seat. C3c; Balcony. 10c; Chil-
dren, any part except reserved. 10c
Annie Abbott j Armenis-Tito Quar-
tette; Bryant and Saville; Searl
and Violet Allen, and Orpheum
Motion Pictures, niustratingr the
X.ife of Napoleon. Last Times of
Wright Huntington and Com-
pany; Three Zolars; Serra and
Bella-Bosa and the Brittona.
fAblFORNijT
V/| Best in Years lH
A I 1 lib GREAT CAST.
f\J r\ ESTHA WILLIAMS.
VJL*V JAMES BROPHY.
fDH^^ JANE CORCORAN.
WI\A^*-7«_7 JIXIA BLANC
ROADS. ««•«*«.
Tl SPECIAL THANKSGIVING 1 BJBJO
MATINEE TO-DAY. ¦,'
HE. AT ftU
SPECIAI, MATINEE TO-DAY.
LAST WEEK OF
[ RUBES AND ROSES!
IMPORTANT NOTICE— NEXT MONDAY
NIGHT. First Tlm« on Any Staje.
I-O-U.
A Marvelously Funny New and Strictly Orig-
inal Burlesque.
With Everything Mafnlflesnt.
i Our "All-Star" Cast. Including Kolb aad
Dill Barney Bernard, WinSeld Blaka. Maud*
Amber, Geortfa ©"Ramey. Ben T. Dillon.
First appearance, ot the ALTHEA TWIN
SISTERS.
; V..: Seats_Now on Sale.
FINAL RECITAL
ANGELUS PIANO PLAYER
SATURDAY. NOVEMBER 29, at 8 p. m.
In
STEIIN1A//W HALL
Another Piano Recital will be given by Mr.
Fercival K. Via Ten at the piano, wlta
t*e aid of
THE ANGELUS.
SOLOIST,
Mr. Joe Rosborough,
Barytone.
Complimentary tickets may be secured at eat
¦tore any time before- th 9 recital.
SHERMAN. CLAY * CO..
Kearay and Sutler ets., S. 7.'
Weak Men and Women
SHOTJXJ> TTSB DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
. Great Mexican Remedy: gives health aad
strength to sexual orsaaa. Depot, 323 Markat.
AafDSEacuiJi -xSm
bULUIVllSiA iMiraiHws
LAST 3 NIGHTS— MATTXEB SATURDAY.
SPECIAL MATINEE TO-DAY
CHAPXES FROKMAX PRESSNT3
VIRGINIA HARNED
In Plaero't Masterpiece.
"IRIS"
This faznooi play has tet a:l S*n Francisco
t&Iklnr.
Sunday Klxht, November 29 — Gerrr.aa per-
formance by a stronr east.
"IM WEIS3EN ROESSt."
("At the White Horse TaYera.")
Next Monday — Elaborate Prodact!on of
Tba Greatest of AU Pastoral Flays.
Way Down East
SEATS NOW READT.
ALCAZAIHTsr
_____ General Manager.
Thanksgiving Mat To-Day.
TO-NIGHT— MATTXEES SAT. AXT> ETTX.
"The- Alcazar Cbmsaay has narer been i>
well balanced m now." — Chraniete.
AP 00R NEXT
RELATION aiS
An Ideal performance, oaatntly hmaoraaa
delightfully pathetic, peopled wit- ttttl* en::-
dren and resounding with sons.
EYK8.. 25o to 75c; Matinees, 13c to 59c
MONDAY. DEC. T— Th» Romance- of Rosais.
A BOTAL PBXSOJTZm.
CENTRALS
- Market »t.. near Eighth. Phone S?oth 333.
TO-NIGHT— ALL. THIS 'WEEK.
MATINEES TO-DAY. 9ATCRDAT AND
SUNDAT.
Th« Immensely Successful Comedy Melodrama.
MIDNIGHT IN CHINATOWN.
Vivid Picture* of Life In Saa Franc: »:o"s Ori-
ental Quarter '
„¦..-- Scenes on the ••Barbery Coast."
The PoUc» Raid on the Opium Dens!
Thrilling Incidents! Humor In Afc_r.-iar.<-"T
pDIff^ Evenings 10c, to JWc
ralVCj Matinees 10c. tie; 23o
Monday. N'r.-taber Jfl.
THE COUNTERFEITERS.
A Great Sbow Ercry AfTernaoa and Ei3aia_.
in Us Hieater.
INTERESTDfO BABIES IN* THE ESTANT
INCUBATORS.
HAMABSTAB XV TES SOOX
LOTS OT FUN IS THE PENNT ARCADE.
Stroll Ttroucb the MIRROR MAZ3.
When Phonlnr Aak for "Th» Chutea."
Racing Ijjll^^Racing!
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
OTW CALIFORNIA JOOJOSI CL.UB.
ConunencJcx Kovez— ber ' 14.
B«"*"g Each Week Day. Bala or Shi**,
Six or More Races Daily.
Race* eommeae* at 2:13 p. m. aharpi.
For aped— I trains stopptns at tb • track ULk*
8. P. Perry, foot of Market street, at IX
lt:Sa 1:00. 1:30 or 2 o'clock. No «»~»v< wg _,
last two cars, which ar« imnml tot _utUa
and their esccrta.
Retnrnlcr. trains Ie**« track at 4:13 «_4
4:4S and Imm edlataly after tb • last rac*.
THOMAS H. WIIXIAM3. PresldsO-
PERCT W. TREAT. Secretary. '
Patarp don^ rAI1 - *°
laiavv sw a,,, beautiful
j COURT Lounging
A TIM room, the EMPIRE
aU41 PALLOR, the
n 1 PALM ROOM, the
lirflTifl LOUIS XV PAS-
uiauu, LOR __ d the la.
nn DIES' WRITING
I Hotels gooM -ROBERT FITZSIMMONS. THE GRAND OLD MAN OF THE RING, WHO CLEARLY OUTCLASSED GEORGE
GARDNER LAST NIGHT IN THEIR TWENTY-ROUND FIGHT IN MECHANICS' PAVILION. UNDER
THE AUSPICES OF THE YOSEMITE* CLUB. .*-
stalling. Fitz forced Gardner to the
ropes with a left to' the jaw. and a right
hook to the-i body. Fltz looked a bit
tired, but put* in.a' stiff iefMo the body.
They came to a, mlx-iip, .Gardner be
ing desperate and rushing. He was
bleeding from the nose^ Fltz swung
left and rferht to, the face and forced
Gardner to a clinch, Fitz. laughing arid
stalling and trying to create an im
pression of being tired.;; Gardner drove
in two lefts ; and ' a , right to the body!
As the gong rang Gardner. put in left
and right" to the. body without appar
ent damage. Fitz had the crowd
guessing as to whether he was sham
ming or actually tired. :"
Round fr^-Fltz missed . a right swing
for the head and. backed away from
Gardner. Fitz I missed another left for
the head arid then sent' in a straight
right to the head as Gardner was go
ing away. *Fitz took a couple of left
jabs to the face in order to get 'In a
right, but he was short. Fitz cleverly
evaded several rights and lefts for the
body and they mixed It in a corner,
fighting _ tamely. -Both ¦ exchanged
straight lefts. to the face, and Gardner
drove a straight right to the body. The
crowd hissed at the tameness of the
flghUng.- After a mix-up J Fitd| caught
Gardner with left arid right to the face,
cutting George's -eye open. Gardner
got in a straight .left to the stomach
with the clang of the] bell. '
j . Round • 7— Fltz rushed in and swung'
hard with right to the head. They
fought ¦ fiercely in a ' mix-up and Fitz
was .hissed for holding on. Gardner
missed a hard "right swinjEf for the -Jaw:
Fitz swung , left; hard > to ' the : Jaw arid
Gardner countered with .right to the
Jew ¦ and < left to the. body. Gardner
missed ' a right : upper-cut for the .• Jaw
and chased. Fitzsimmons r- to . a corner
without" landing, a? blow. 'Fltz 'then
quickly and indulged in sparring. Gard
ner -danced around lively and ducked
a vicious left for the jaw. They came
together without result and Fitz missed
a left swing for the Jaw and then
evaded a similar blow from Gardner.
Fitz sent q. straisht left high -on the
chest. The fighting was slow, both men
exercising great care. Gardner was
short with a rlsht uppercut for ' the
Jaw. Both men missed lefts for the
head and Gardner received a stinging
straight left to the Jaw. Fitz followed
this with another left to the jaw and
a right to the stomach. Fitz sent Gard
ner's head back with a left hook to the
Jaw. Gardner then planted ,a straight
left to the face. Fitz blocked a hard
left for the stemach as the bell rang.
The advantage was slightly with Fitz.
simmons, who received absolutely no
attention from his seconds as he went
to his corner. Fitz appears to be both
ered with a cold.
Round 2— After considerable sparring
both missed left swings for the body.
Fitz got in a light right to the head
and Gardner landed twice on the Aus
tralian's kidneys with right. Gardner
drove his right twice to the body* and
received a left to the body and a right
to the Jaw in return. Gardner sent his
right to the body and Fitz slipped to
the floor as he backed from a right
swing. Bob drove a straight left to
the stomach and missed a right for the
JawT Bob "then planted his left to the
body and a- riffht swing to the jaw.
Gardner sent In a right and left force
fully to the body and Fltz retaliated
with a right and left to the Jaw as the
bell- sounded. This was a comparative
ly even round, the advantage If any
being w'ith Gardner. There was not
much force to most of the blows landed.
Round 3 — Gardner was short with a
left for the body and a moment later
drove a hard right to the Cornishman's
ribs. They then exchanged, light lefts
to the body. Fitz missed a left swing
for the face and was met with 4
straight right to the*- body. Gardner
followed it with a right swing -to the
ribs and two rights to the kidneys.
Gardner sent In left and right to the
Jaw. Fltz was trying occasional
swings and did not do much sparring.
He sent a straight left to Gardner's
face and missed another for the same
place. Fitz swung a terrific right to
the Jaw and rushed Gardner . to the
ropes. Fitz put left to the face and a
right to the body, Gardner fighting
back hard. Fitz gave a flash of his old
fire in this round and drew Gardner on.
This was Fitz's round. He again re
ceived no attention from his seconds
at the end of the round.
SENDS GARDNER DOWN.
Round 4— Fltz immediately swung . a
right to the Jaw arid they mixed It, Bob
ducking and blocking "cleverly. Fitz
stood backand then tried left and right
for the 'Jaw, but was blocked. He re
peated the attempt a moment later,
but Gardner, met him with a straight
left to the Jaw. Fltz then sent Gardner
down for seven seconds with 'two
straight lefts to the Jaw. Gardner
came up fighting wildly. Fitz forced
him to the ropes. with a straight left
to the Jaw,' sending Gardner against
the ropes. Fltz then hooked a vicious
right to the Jaw and Gardner went to
the floor. He came : up and Fitz plaritr
ed several frightful lefts and rights to
the face and body that'sent the; Lowell
man to his corner groggy. ' The , tumult
for Fltz at this stage was tremendous.
Fitz very cool. He nearly had Gardner
out twice. . .¦ .
: Round 5— Fitz landed a left; swing to
the Jaw. and Gardner went'! down for
the count of nine. Fitz chased him
around the ring and' had' Gardner
great cheer arose, and it increased in
volume until the Cornishman stepped
into the ring. He looked like a rain
bow. He presented many colors to the
waiting spectators. His red hair topped
off a sweater that was a cross between
sky-blue and dapple gray. He wore
purple trunks and lavender socks. To
cap the climax he started to put on
green gloves, and before the flght had
started Gardner was color-blind.
Gardner came in immediately after
Fitzsimmons. He had a bathrobe over
his phoulders. He walked over to the
northwest corner of the ring and was
made ready for the fray by his seconds.
Gardner had Alec Greggains, Billy
Pierce, Dave Barry and Harry Foley
in his corner. Fitzsimmons had Billy
Delaney, Sam Berger, Joe Kennedy and
Johnny Croll Jr. in his corner.
Gardner's costume consisted of green
trunks and green socks. A green belt
was fastened around his waist.. Fltz
had a belt of American flags. When
the pair were called to the center of
the ring by Referee Graney Gardner
looked small alongside his big chested
opponent. He was pale and nervous.
Fitz looked more rugged than Gardner.
Fitz was Introduced as the only mid
dle-weight champion of the world. Cap
tain of Police Mooney stepped Into the
ring to see that neither fighter had a
horseshoe In his gloves for luck, and
when Jack Johnson made his bow Billy
Jordan raised his voice and announced
that the battle would be a twenty
round contest, Marquis of Queensberry
rules, and. the. men would protect them
selves in the breakaway and break at
the order of the referee. He then yelled.
"Let 'er sol" and the gong sounded
and the men started on their-unsatis
factory twenty-round Journey.
i BOXERS ARE PUNISHED.
After the^flght Fitzsimraons sat in
his dressing room with a puffed lip and
swollen hands. He complained of bad
"mitts" and Dr. Clarence F. Tillman,
the club's physician, examined them.
He <advlsed Fltz to keep the adhesive
plaster on untllhe reached his rooms,
where' special attention could be given
him. Fltz received the congratulations
of his friends in a modest manner. He
thought he had done well for an -old
man. He gave strict orders that the sil
ver cup presented by F. H. Lynn, W.
Flske and James Hammersly, members
of Local. No. 6, Independent Order of
Electrical Workers, be taken to his
room.
Gardner was surrounded by sympa
thetic friends. George did no talking.
He was downcast because he had not
won. His face was badly swollen and
he had a cut over his right eye. . He
was able to dress himself and went to
the Hammam baths. . \
The management of the fight was ex
cellent. Every seatholder got his seat.
There were lots of ushers 'In attend
ance and Plnkerton detectives saw to
It that interlopers were kept out of the
boxes. The contests , were brought off
as scheduled and Manager James Cof
froth deserves praise for the excellent
Judgment he used.. ..
The receipts of the house were a little
over $16,000. This fell short of the
club's calculation.
Robert Fitzsimmons deposed George
Gardner as the light heavyweight
champion boxer of the world last night
in their fight at Mechanics' Pavilion,
which lasted twenty rounds. The fight
•was disappointing, as Gardner made no
stand against his veteran opponent un
til the last two rounds.
He was outclassed from the start and
was palpably suffering from stage
fright. His blows, when they landed at
Infrequent intervals, had no sting In
them and until the last two rounds they
had no effect on Fitz, being shed off by
his big freckeled arms or shoulders as
a duck shakes water from its back. In
the nineteenth and ' twentieth rounds
Gardner's courage seemed to revive and
he went at Fitzsimmons with the body
blows with which he whipped Jack
Root twice. These stung the Cornlsh
man and left him a tired boxer when
the gong sounded the end of hostilities.
For round after round It seemed Fitz
fimmons could end matters any time
he wished. He held off and let Gard
ner recover when the Lowell man
seemed about to go out. The specta
tors did not approve of these tactics
and Jeered the boxers. Some men at
the ringside went so far as to intimate
that the fighters had an agreement
that one of them was to go out and
that the one nominated failed to live
up to his agreement. If it were possible
for Fitz to have entered- Into such an
agreement it would have been Impos
sible for him to have carried it out, as
he did not receive a blow which had
force enough in it to appear to stop
him.
FITZ'S HANDS DAMAGED.
Alter the fight Fitz showed a pair of
badly damaged hands In explanation
of his lack of effectiveness In punching.
He knocked Gardner down with a ter
rific left to the head in the .fourth
round, putting his left hand out of
commission. Gardner was down six
ppconds. "When he stood up Fitz rushed
him to the ropes and sent right and left
to the head In rapid succession. Fltz
font one particularly hard right to the
hf ad and followed this with a right
uppercut. The force of the latter blow
'.vas so sreat that Gardner was flung
half way across the ring, landing on
his back. Gardner hung on to avoid
further pimishment until the end of the
round. TH<? house, which wae evidently
with Fitz from the flrst, was in an
uproar, as it seemed Gardner would
prove easyprey for his opponent.
Gardner was still dazed when he
came up for the fifth round. Another
left to the head and Gardner ¦ went to
his v knees for nine seconds. For the
major part of this round Fltz played
•with Gardner as a cat plays with a
mouse. He let Gardner hit him and
did not try to hit back. It waa at
this point that Fitz made the fatal mis
take which coat him a clean-cut vic
tory- He let Gardner recover and was
roundly hissed for his tactics. Gard
ner's right eye»was badly cut in this
round. ¦' , -V
Fitz started to rough it In the seventh
round, giving Gardner the elbow, at
which the spectators showed their dis
pleasure. Toward the end of the round
Gardner was Improving and Fitz was
not altogether happy. He was better
again in the. eighth and tried all he
knew to win.
GARDNER KNOCKED DOWN.
Gardner was down again in the four
teenth round for fl-ve seconds. He was
dazed and hung on to save himself
from punishment. .
Gardner was wrestled 'to the mat
early In the nineteenth round. Fltz
complained that he -was hitting l(rw,
but the claim was not allowed. For
the first time Gardner began to rip In
rights and. lefts to the body and Fitz
was sorely troubled. Gardner contin
ued these tactics In the last round and
Fitz seemed very tired. He had
strength enough to 6end his left to the
head, staggering Gardner. When the
gong sounded Referee Graney pointed
tc Fitz as the winner. The crowd did
not disperse, but stood and cheered the
jcreat fighter. They demanded and re
demanded a speech, but all Fltz would
Ray was: "Haven't I done enough for
one night?"
Fitz showed the most consummate
ring generalship. His every move
seemed to have been studied out and
he hardly wasted a blow. He kept the
Frectators guessing throughout as to
his condition. He needed but little at
tention from his seconds and was smil
ing at all times. He was waiting all
the time to send his right across to the
jaw. but could not make connections.
LOWELL MAN FRIGHTENED.
Gsrdner v.as obviously frightened
from the start and did all his fighting
at long range. He was not sure of
himself, although he showed gameness
throughout in going after Fitz.
While waiting for the big men to
corno Into the ring. Announcer Billy
Jordan presented "Philadelphia" Jack
OBrien. O'Brien was given a hearty
reception, and in answer to cries for a
epeech told the announcer to say that
h»> was no speech-mak«?r, but was will
ing to meet any man in the world at
358 pounds. "Sandy" Ferguson, the
heavyweight boxer, modestly rushed
into the rins and was joshed by the
pallerj-. Ferguson wanted It known
that he was to fight Jack Johnson, but
the crcxv<! paid no attention to him, as
lie fs not taken seriously as a fighter.
It was 9:C5 when the tall form of
FKzslir.mons was observed' by the
crowd coming toward the ring. A
FIGHT BY ROUNDS.
Fitzsimmona Has Gardner in Hand
at All Stages'.
The following is the fight by rounds
as seen by an expert at the ringside:
Round 1— The men went to the center
Round. 16— Gardner, got in a left and
right on Bob's face and forced him to a
corner: Fitz came back with a stinging
straight left f orC the face, j Fitz , nursed
his strength "carefully arid made no un
necessary, moves. ¦•; Fitz. swung • hard
with right for the jaw, but Gardner
Round 13 — Fltz missed a left swing
for the Jaw and received a straight left
on the mouth. - Gardner then poked
Fitz in the stomach with a straight
left and chased Fltz into a corner. They
danced around the ring for fully a min
ute without a blow being landed. Gard
ner kepj pegging away at Fitz, but the
latter .easily got out of harm's way.
Finally Fitz brought his left to the
body and a left to the nose. Gardner
sent in two straight lefts to the face
and a light left to the body, but there
was little force In the blows. Just as
the round closed Fitz- swung a hard
right to | the Jaw, sending Gardner to
the floor. He was up within two sec
onds and" showed no effects of the blow
as he took his chair.
Round 14— Gardner was short with a
straight left for the body. Fitz feinted
with right and sent two left to the
Jaw. He followed "it. with "a hard left
hook to the Jaw and a hard right to the
body. Swinging fiercely, he sent the
Lowell man to the floor for five seconds.
Fltz then missed a fearful right swing
for the jaw and chased Gardner against
the ropes, trying to 'put In a finishing
blow, but his efforts were wild. Gard
ner looked groggy and stalled repeated
ly. J The' blood was streaming from his
nose, and as they went to a clinch the
crowd hissed Gardner for hitting. Fits
swung his right to the Jaw and sent
Gardner against the ropes. He followed
him around the ring and missed -a right
swing that would have ended the fight, 1
had it landed, as the bell rang. Gard
ner went to his corner groggy. Fitz
appeared cool and smiled at his friends.
Round 15 — Fitz missed a . left swing.
Then they went to a 'clinch. Emerging.
Fltz missed a hard swing for the jaw
<and Gardner . succeeded in .getting a
glancing left to the Jaw. Fltz drove his
right ; to. the, body and then shifted it to
the head and cleverly evaded counters.
Fltz fought carefully- and made his
.blows count .when . he reached the
Lowell man's anatomy. Fltz landed a
left and rlgb.t swing to the jaw and just
missed another, for the same place. Fltz
Jarred Gardner s with a hard right swing
to the jaw and a left hook to the. body.
Gardner again stalled,-; Fitz missed an
other .right swing for.the jaw, and as
they : came together Gardner got In a
straight: left to the face lightly. This
was Fitz's . round.
in as the latter tried a straight left for
the Jaw. The pace again slowed up
and the crowd yelled at the contest
ants. Fitz shifted and brought a' hard
left swing to the jaw. He tried to fol
low It with a right, but missed his
mark. Fitz then swung clear around
from a missed right upper-cut. Gard
ner landed a few light blows on Fltz.
but Fitz took them, at the same time
trying to bring his right to play. Gard
ner's blows were very light. As yet he
had failed to land a telling blow on the
lanky Australian.
The fight was the worst I ever
refereed. Fitzsimmons was
justly entitled to the decision, as
he had Gardner in distress *
throughout the battle. Gardner
did no fighting until the last
three rounds, when he sailed in
and tried to win. Gardner
fought like the veriest amateur.
He was either mortally afraid
of Fitzsimmons or had a very
bad case of stage fright. I could
not make it a draw. I am sure
my decision was a good one.
Even "Billy" Pierce, manager
of "Gardner, was satisfied. Gard
ner was lucky to stay the dis
tance, /fitz was too big and
strong for him. In the middle
of the fight' I told the two to
go in and fight. I could see
that Fitz was troubled with bad
hands and that Gardner was
in fear of a heavy punch. Fitz
in my opinion was out of con
dition. He showed . it repeat
edly. He was as slow as an ice
wagon^and had no steam in. him.
Had he been the old-time Fitz.
he would have won in three
rounds. Personally, ., I was in
ill health and was depressed by
the 1 death of my good ' friend,
Mr. Rainey. I did not want to
referee the contest, but had to
do. so to prevent a postpone
ment. — Edmund M. Graney.
Graney Declares
Fight Was Very
Unsatisfactory
, Round Fltz, as ,; usual, baeked
away.' '• They came together In a mix-up
but " no ' damage was ' done. • Gardner
Jabbed a left into Fitz's face and closed
rrrz smiles at friends.
Round 11— Fitz caught Gardner with
right to the stomach and then hooked
him viciously with a left on the wind.
Fltz fought hard, but Gardner blocked
him. Gardner's punches seemed to lack
force. -Gardner swung his. left' to i the
body and backed away from two left
swings. for the face. Fitz Jolted Gard
ner with, a straight left to the stom
ach, and Fitz cleverly blocked ". Gard~
ner's attempts. ', Fitz . took ' most of the
light blows, but blocked the harder
ones. ; Gardner sent a straight right to
the face, but Fitz sailed In 'with a left
swingsto^the Jaw,- staggering Gardner.
The gong rang at this stage. Fitz had
the advantage of the round.
Round 8— Both were short with lefts
for the face. Fitz feinted with right
and put a good left to the face. The
Australian was backing away, allowing
Gardner to do the leading. Gardner fin
ally planted left and right to the stom
ach and a left hook lightly t<5 the face.
Gardner blocked a vicious left for the
Jaw and sent a straight left' lightly to
the face. Fltz missed left and right
swings the body, and they came to
a clinch in Gardner's corner. Fitz sent
Gardner against the ropes with left and
right to the jaw,, and then put a left to
the Jaw and a right to the body. Gard
ner then clinched and blocked a riglit
and left upper-cut for the jaw. Fitz Im
proved again in this round and the
advantage was his.
Round 9— The Corrilshman backed
away, allowing Gardner to do the lead
ing. Gardner was short with left for
the* head and missed a right swing for
the body. Fitz then met him with a
left hook to the Jaw and danced away
as the Lowell pugilist chased him
around the ring.' Fitz missed a hard
left swing for the body. Gardner con
tinued to chase Fitz "around the
ring, but did not succeed In
landing. Fitz finally* waded in and
forced Gardner to the ropes, but more
from wrestling than by blows. Gard
ner swung a good right to the kidneys
and swung a right to the Jaw as the
bell sounded, but it was a glancing
blow and Fitz only smiled. Fitz has
slowed-up considerably, but is evidently
laying for his famous knockout punch.
. Round 10— Fltz J missed a fierce right
hook for the head and Gardner was
wild with a right .swing. Fitz backed
away and '.- contented himself with
blocking Gardner's leads. Fltz jolted
Gardner' with' a left to the' Jaw, but
Gardner retaliated with a hard right to
the Jaw. Fltz hooked his left to the
face and they came together. Fitz
broke the clinch with a left hook hard
to -the* stomach and Gardner jabbed
Fitz's mouth three times with left,
drawing blood. Fitz crossed left to the
face. Gardner kept Jabbing with left
to the mouth and tantalized the Austra
lian. Fitz, however, took the blows
with a view to getting in a good punch.
They came together with considerable
force at the close of the round and
Gardner slipped down. He was up
quickly and went" at once to his cor
ner. ¦
missed a left swing for the Jaw. Both
men looked very tired. They got to
close quarters and both. tried lefts. and
rights for the body, but „ the efforts
were futile. The gong found both men
fighting tamely, with the crowd Jeering
and urging them on. Fitz appeared to
be losing his speed and seemed content
with acting more on the defensive.
GARDNER USES LEFT.
It was simply an old man
against a good young man.
Gardner is a tough nut to crack.
My hands were gone and I could
do nothing. The first time I
knocked Gardner down I dislo
cated the knuckle of my left
hand. I "kidded" him all the
time and was really ashamed to
hit him. I got t;ired and hurt
my hands, and it dawned on me
I would have to fight for a de
cision. I wanted to go in and
finish him, but my seconds
begged me to stay away. When
I went into the ring I was a
sick man. I wrote a letter to
George Dawson to-day, telling
him I would be lucky if I won.
I wanted to fight, although my
friend, Maj'or McLaughlin, was
willing to have it postponed. I
was opposed to putting it off, as
I was confident I would win.
His punches never bothered me.
The blows he sent in were
usually caught on my arms. His
jabs were easy and never wor
ried me. My hands hurt me
more than Gardner's punches.
They were knocked -out on Jef
fries ,and they got bad before
many rounds. Pretty - good
showing for an old man, eh? —
Robert Fitzsimmons.
I think I should have had the
decision. Fitz . is the hardest
propositon I ever went up
against. I did all the leading
and .'forcing throughout the
twenty rounds and outpointed
him. The only time I- was in
distress was in the third round
and his punches made me
groggy. He is very tricky and
kept me away by his dangerous
swings. I tried to finish him the
last three rounds, but he stalled
all the way through.' I tried
hard' to knock him out, but my
blows seemed to land on his
arms and shoulders. He is too
big for me, I guess. I have no
complaints. to make. My condi
tion was good. I went in to get
him, but he was able to take the
punches I landed.. The short
lefts I landed bothered him very
greatly. I kept poking it at him
in the hope of getting close
enough to land my right, but
he avoided me. I made him
sidestep and break ground
throughout the contest. I know
I did not put up my usual bat
tle. It must have been due to
the peculiar style my opponent
had of boxing. Fitz used rough
tactics. - He -provod stronger
than I and was able to keep me
back. He had me "buffaloed"
early in the fight. After I got
over roy nervousness I went
right at him and kept after him
for ten rounds. Fitz had the
best of it for ten rounds, but I
think I was the better man in
the last half of the fight. That
is why I think the decision be
longed to me. — George Gardner.
Fitzsimmons Says
He Was Sick and
Hands Pained Him
Gardner Believes
He Was Entitled
to the Decision
John Ritchie, a has-been, was trotted
out to go four round* with Georgre
Curran, an ex-amateur. After Ritchie
ha"d been knocked down a few times
the crowd wondered how he had nerve
enough to come out here and seek a
battle .with Frankie Neil. Ritchie may
have been a good man In his time, but
his clock has stopped. To use. a ring
term, he is "all in." He seemed to be
bewildered and woefully out. of form.
He thought he had a snap and went at
Curran with that thought In his mind.
This idea was suddenly lessened when
Curran let fly a "hay-maker" and
Ritchie hit the carpet. He then tried
his left and caught Curran on the Jaw.
In the second round Ritchie held on
and put lefts and right to Curran's body.
Curran liked the game and came back
with heavy punches on Ritchie's head.
Manager Coffroth carried out his
promise to have the men in the ring
on time The first preliminary, be
tween Mauro Herrera and M Billy"
"Welch of Portland, proved a farce.
Herrera was afraid and "Welch knew
nothing whatever about the art of box-
Ing. The first round was slower than a
funeral and the crowd wondered what
the two men were trying to accomplish.
Herrera put on style and Welch Imag
ined he was trying to hit a friend in
the gallery. The first round was so
bad that Referee Kretlng wanted to
call in the police to have the men ar
rested for obtaining money on false
pretenses. He gave them another trial
and allowed them to bore the specta
tors for half a round more. Herrera
tried shifts, upper-cuts and wild
swings in his endeavor to make an Im
pression on the atmosphere. Welch wa3
worse. He could not punch and did not
know how to step around. After half
a round had been wasted Kreling tap
ped "Welch on the shoulder and in
vited him to go "away back and sit
down." "Welch was glad to do so and
Herrera was given the long end of the
purse, which was enough to buy him a
few lessons in boxing.
PRELIMINARY BOUTS.
blocked two left swings for the body.
Gardner swung a right to the body
and in a mix-up landed several rights
and lefts to the body. They clinched
and the referee could hardly separate
them. Fitz sent a straight left to the
face and both clung to' each other,
Gardner doing most of the holding, on.
Gardner was clinging to Fltz and Ref
eree Graney could not separate them
as the gong rang finally. Graney
promptly gave the decision to Fltzslm
mons, which was greeted with cheerm.
Round 20— Fitz missed a straight left
for the face and they went rH a clinch.
Fitz tried with right for the head and
missed. In a mix-up Gardner aimed
many blows at, Fitz's stomach, but the
blows were well blocked. Gardner got
In a light left to the stomach and
Round 19 — Gar«V«er forced Fitz to the
ropes, but Fitz came back with a left
to the head. Gardner then slipped to
the floor, but Fitz aslsted him to hla
feet. Gardner sent a straight left to
Fitz's nose and followed it with two
more weak lefts to the face. Fltz smil
ing. Fitz swung a left for the head,
but it went eround Gardner's head.
Fitz missed a swing for the head and
Gardner rushed In and got left and
right on the body. Gardner then hit
Fltz rather low -and was cautioned by
the referee. Gardner then got In sev
eral good rights to the body and Fitx
sent him back with a right swing to
the head. The bell rang with Gardner
flghtfng fiercely and he succeeded in
landing several short-arm lefts to
Fitz's stomach. As usual they were
weak.
Round 18— Gardner forced Fitz about
the ring, missing left and right swings
for the Jaw. Fitz tried a left swing for
the Jaw, but Gardner got inside it and
tried a right hook for the body, but
Bob blocked it. Gardner swung right
to the face lightly. Bob feinted with
right and swung a vicious left for the
Jaw, but missed. He then swung hard
with light, but received a left hook to
the Jaw that made him wince. Fitz
backed away and Gardner got in a
glancing left to the face. Fltz got In
two rights hard to the Jaw as they
closed in and blocked a right uppercut
for the Jaw.
Round 17 — They spent much time In
desultory sparring. Fltz looking for an
opening. Fltz got In a light left to the
face and both missed rights for the
body. Fitz was short with a straight
left for the body and Gardner put in a
right to the head and a left to the face,
forcing Fitz to the ropes. No harm was
done, however, the blows being weak.
Fltz missed a hard left hook for the
body, but they went to a mix-up, in
which the Australian did some clever
blocJting. Gardner got his left high on
the body and Fitz missed a left swing
for the Jaw and another for the body.
Gardner sent In a hard right to the
Jaw at the end of the round. It was
the hardest blow Gardner had turned
loose during the fight, but not hard
enough to worry Fltz. who went to his
corner smiling.
ducked It. Gardner mixed It. but Fltz
caught him with a short-arm left to the
face. Gardner then hooked his left to
Fitz's stomach. Fltz caught Gardner
on the head with a hard right swing.
Gardner swung right to the Jaw at the
-end of the round, but the blow was
very weak. Gardner has been putting
up a very disappointing fight, possesses
no strength and boxes very clumsily.
BOTH MEN WEARY.
Does Not Make a
Showing Until
the End.
Stage Fright of
Lowell's Man Is
1 Pitiable.
Veteran Makes Him
Look Like a
Novice.
FITZSIMMONS PROVES GARDNER'S MASTER
Fitz Injures His
Hands at the
Start.
Betting Is Even
Money During
Fight.
Contest Is Good
and Bad in
Streaks.
Continued on Page 11, Cohann 4.
TBB 5AN rBAKClSCO CALL, THUBSDAY. NOVEMBER 26, 1903.
10Continued From Page 10, Column 7.
FITZSIMMONS IS GARDNER'S MASTER
OAKLAITD SACETBACE— Wednesday, Nov. 25. — Weather hazy. • Track heavy.
03UO. FIItST RACE— Futurity course; selUas;3-year;olds and, upward; value to first. $323.
Index ¦ Horse and Owner. - IWtlSt.^ %.;, %. v * 9 1 *-- str - Flo- Op. CL
5346 Silurian. 5 (Lamasney Bro3.). : ,101 0 "• ..'. 7 2 6 2 -5 3 1 n, Foley ...... j 3 13-5
634S Toto Gratiot. 3 (Barren) .1 06 7 ... 6 1%6-hi 2 2^2, h Hildebrnd.. 0 • O
53U5 On>'-Vlva.-3 (Ward & King). 101 ' 3 '- ... 5 ji 4 }j 32Va3 2"' Kunz .:... 3 18-5
: 5348 Merwan. 3 (J. 3. McAllister). 105 10- ... ; 9 n.9 n 4 2 4 6 I. Powell.. 10 20
5330 Cherries, 5 (Tate & Cb-)..:.-.U09 1 :.. 8 3.7n 73 6 U, Chandler -.. ,-10 M
53^0 Amasa, a (Rowley & Co.).... 106 5 ... 2 n 1 »i 1 % « 1. W...- Dugan. .10 20
4540 Greyfeld, a (G. A. Davis) 99 4 ... 4. h '8 1^9 n 7 4 ' L*rsen .'... - ; f-'^: ?-*
•-R342' Bedner. 5 (J. A. Cruza)...... 103 11 .:.\10 8.10j10 8 1 -8 n. Ferrell-:... i'C »
5:i36. Educate. 5 (C. W. Chappell). 106 2 .,. 1 h 2 h 6 0 H- J- - T. Shehn 15 20
5110 Miss Nettie. 6 (Kirk & Co.).. OS 6 ... 3 13 %10 1010' 10 |J: Lewis... SO 100
28S5 Slisgenvine, 5 (F. J. Stoer).. ,]104 .8 .. .'11 '11 • 11 ' H ' -'¦|W. Narvaez 30 100
Time— :26, :52,. 1:15%. At post 6 minutes. Off af 2:20%. Silurian, place, even;' show.
1-2. Toto. place, 2; show. 1. Oro Viva, show; 7-10. Winner, br. g. by Belvedere- VJrgle
I>. • Trained by D. Lamasney. - Scratched — Buccleuth. Start perfect. .Won In a hard
drive Of thre«. '- Silurian apparently milked at one stase. Foley squeezed ¦ through i a
¦ crack In the*- fence ¦¦ at •, the end. Merwan ran a eoo<l race. Amasa ,<iuHv- So CM Edu
'••cate.. Bedner a bad • breaker at . the poet. . 5 |^^^_ )n _ )^ t
6301. SECOND RACE— Seven furlong*: eelllnsr; 2-year-olds; valtio to. first,'- $32iS. -\
Indexi Horse and Owner. . IWt 3t. M .< H • % • ' Str . Fin . J ' Jockey. . Op. CU
5343 [Sol Smith (J. M. Cooper). 94 6 2 1%1 h-1 2%1 3 1 2% Hildebrnd . 8-5 -.:-"•; 2 \[
fi343 Avenger (J. F. Schorr) ... It* 7 6 2 31%3,4 3 % 2 5 Reed....... 4 6
C Schwelzer (Blasingame)... «4 8 8 5- 8- 10 7 % 7 10/3 1% CrosBwaite 60 100
•,*m 4>urbar (J. Curl) 101 4 4 >i*5.1%5 % 4 4/. 4 %. Knapp..... 8 6
5350 Dungannon < Knebelkamp) ; . . . 101 5.52.62 64 «2 5 lft Ferre)l 6 7
•5337 Instrument (McAllister) .':... 103 1 3 Vt'Vn 4h 6 1%6 2 Adkins.. v 12 80
(5331) Dorice (B: Schreiber)... 108 2 lh 2 1%2 n 2.h.7 6 , D. -Hall.,.. 8 5
5331 Anirad (Mrs. Coffey)... 03 3 7 3 7 2Vit8 10 8 ,10 8 2 . Connell .... 5 10
"'.As Mae Scott (C. W. Carroll).... 04 9 9 : 9 9 9 9 ' Q.' Bullman 20 100
Time — :20* :52. 1:10%, 1:33. At post' 2 minutes. Oft at 2:44%. Smith, place. 4-5: show,"
2^5. Avenger, place. 2;' show. 1. frjhwelzer show, 20. Winner.-' b. e. by Russell
¦ Lady Goldsmfth. Trained by J. M. Cooper. Start' fair. Won -under a pull. Second
eaMJ". Third driving. Winner a shifty mud horse. Avenger would have been dangerous
' •¦"¦'•wtta a' Btrj>nger rider- In the saddle. Charley Schwcizer ran well carrying one hundred
» ¦ pounds *xceB» baggage. Hall had Dorice In the heavy going. , Anirad no speed any
'.' J>art Of. It. , -I'^'l. _ -^,_ _ '_ ryr._r._r._.-. .«-»->,
G3O4J.. THIRD RACE — Seven furlongs; selling; 3-year-olds and upward; value to first, $325.
Index Horse and Owner. JW .ISt. H. %..%.. Str. Fin. I Jockey, j Op. CU
633T Loyal S. 5 (V. Gilbert)..... '..Uo7 6 2 2^2 % 1^1 2 1 V, I. Powell. . i 4
5352 Mr Dingle, 3 (9. Judge) 107 5.53 51042 83 2 3% J. Booker.. 3-2 8-5
¦ 6322 Constellator. G (Keating) ..... 04 . 4 4n 32.23 2 1%3 8 Kunz 3 4
6351 Rose of May. 4 (Kirk & Co.).' 07 '2 3 3 4 1%3 2 4 3 4 6 J. Lewis... 4 t
5338 Del -V iota, «' (G. S. McKenz).ilO4 3 1 1%1 % 6 12 B 8 5 8 W. Narvaez 20 60
Rosle Ban. 5 (Dr. Leaner) J107 16 0 6 6 6 A. Brown.. 60 100
f)354 Flourish. 4 (S. Polk) |102 Bolted. (W. -Dugan. 6 7
Time— :26 :52V«. 1:10%. 1:3314- At post 1 minute. Off at 3:07%. LoWtf S, place, 7-5;
show, 1-2. Dingle, place, 7-10; show, 1-4. Constellator, show 4-6. \ winner,, b. g. by
Loyallst-TUlle S. Trained by V. Gilbert. Scratched— Pat Morrissey, Achilles, Minnie
Arnett Prestolus. Start poor. Won In a drive of three. Powell on winner put up a
t,trong finish. Mr. Dingle much the best and should have won. Was cut off badly
ence and ran in the worst, going. Constellator quit under weak handling.- Rose or May
l^^J^^X^^^^^^^JvL^C^^ l'i_i-^-^n-n.-^-L-i.--^.^.'
r>:tlt-'{. FOtTKTH RACE — Six furlongs; handicap; 3-year-olda and up; value to first. $400.
Index I Horse and Owner. - Wt St. % . %"! %. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. CL
(4014TfEvea G, 4 (Mrs. Coffey). 105 1 ... 5 ' 5 4 n 1 % J. Martin.. '8 8
0339 Muresca, 4 (Mrs. C. E. Miller) 03 4 ... 2 n 4 % 2 1%2 % Knapp 5 12
K54C Captivate. 5 (P. Hlldreth) 93 2 ... 4 3 lh In 34 Connell .... 5 »
5327 Burnie Bunton. 6 (Newman).. 11O 3 ... 3 h 3 ?4 3 n 4 n Ferrell 2 6-2
(.'¦327) J. A. Scott. 3 (M. Jones) 110 5 ... lh 2 1%5 5 D. Hall.... 6-5 13-10
Time— :25 -50% 1:18. At post 8 minutes. Off at 3:34%. Evea G, place, 3; show. 4-5. Mu
resca 'place 3; show, 6-5. Captivate, shgw. 1-2. Winner, ch. m. by Juvenal -Sister
Geneva. Trained by J. Coffey. Start perfect. Won easily. Next two driving hard.
John A. Scott quit. Muresca ran her race. Too much , use made of Captivate. Burnle
Bunton wretchedly ridden^ ~~^^^_ ._,-,_ J -^._ .,^-,-:,-.,-T,- -
n.'SOt. FIFTH RACE — Futurity course: gelling: 3-year-olds and up; value to first. t325."
Index Horse and Owner. IWtlSt. %. %T! %. Str. Fin. | Jockey. Op. ' CL
40uTxervator. 3 (Boots & H.) 101 5 ... 1 li 2 2%1 % 1 2%. Larsen 8 s 15
(5.130) Florinel II. 6 (H. W. Hoag)... 104 1 ... 2 1%1 n 2n 2% Reed « 6
5XK Berendos, 5 (J. Green)'. ...... 103 « ...61, 34 3436 Adkins .... 3 0-2
CV3.-J0) Alta G. 3 (Mrs. Hertzell) 104 2 ... 9 5 5 n 4 % 4 h J. Lewis... 10 15
.R34« Matt Hogan. 0 (Magrane) . . . . Ill 8 ... 8n 7 %« 2 6% Waterbury 5-2 4
(534S) Dotterel. 3 (F.J. O-Rourke).. 09 9 ... 7 1 « % 7 1%6 4% Kuni ..... 10 8
f .w' T^ureatea a (J Pelter).. 109 7 ... 3 h 8 % 8 2 7 I. Powell... 8 12
T^mMaybin 3 m^ Miller "101 3 ... 5n 4 1%5 1 8 1% U Jackson. 5 12
5344 Bard Burns. 5 (Fountain) 1M 4 ... 4 1 9 5 9 4 9 4 J. Booker . g. 9^2
4424 Silver Fizz. 6qG^I>anka) lOSJlO ... 10 10 10 10 Blrkenroth 15 40 >
Tir«rr— "5 -SOy, 1-14% At post 5% minutes. Off at 4:02. Nervator, place, 6; ahow, 3.
Florinel' II place 6-2: show, 6-5. Berendos, ehow. 4-5. Winner, br. c. by Brutus- Nerva,.
Trained by C. M. Hollenbeck. Scratched— Foul Play. Start good. Won ¦ quite handily. .
Next two driving hard. Nervator well navigated. Alta G had 111 luck at etart. Water
bury, who rode Matt Hogan. should have been a gunner on the^ ill-fated .Maine. _HU
daring might have saved the ship. Dotterel off poorly. Tom Maybin cooled* off. Bard
•Riirnspandobgtterwlth^
5305. SIXTH RACE— One mile; selling; 3-year-olds and up; value to first. <325
uTdix^ I Horse and Owner. IWtSt. %. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. a.
(5355) Erne, 4 a.. Curl) ....101 4 54 4 2 6 h 2 2 1% Knapp .... 8 > B
5342 Billy Moore. 6 (Rector)...... 04 6 7 7 _4 n,4 % 2 3% Kun^..... 6 W
Eili Ll U dyKent a (T Oilman): . 06 3 3 2 1 h" 2 2 6 10 5 1% J Lewi, 6 8
(5344) Sugden, a (McNames) 101 1 In 2n 3n 81 610 Chandler .. 2 7^
4729 Mesto, 3 (H. Schultz).,. ...... 8S 7-4 H 5 % 7 - 7 7 R. Wilson.. 40 100
T lm^='-27 :52%. 1:20%. 1:47%. At post 1 minute. Off at 4:25%. Erne, place, 3-2; show,
3V5 ' r Billy Moore, place. 67show.-2. C. B. Campbell, show. 1-2. Winner, br. g. by Eon-
Guava. Trained by J. S. Curl. ScratcKed— Ledus, Canejo. Start good. Won ridden out.
Next two driving hard. Away- better. Billy Moore could have won. Erne received a
hustling ride. C. B. Campbell stopped. Pluck apparently likes more weight. Burden
was cut offhand nearly fell at half mile pole.
NORFOLK. ,.Va.; Nov. | 25.— General - V. , D.
Graner died here to-day. He carried the mes
eage . to General Beau regard . from the- Confed
erate War Department ordering the attack on
Fort Sumter. :
First Race — Arcade, Blissful, lacy
¦ Crawford. - . .- • .,• ¦ ..
Second Kace — Hoceo, Sol Smith. Harbor
Third aaee-AlbemaVle. HSl^t7E«cai
'.¦ lante. ¦.'¦.' ¦ ¦ . ¦ ..->-. .- •
Po »KS l Bace ~ Bta MacDhui, ¦ Proper,
Piftn Hace — Bay Wonder , Col. Van. San
¦ ". Nicholas. ¦'.*.." ¦ ¦>'¦ ¦¦ - ¦-.. -_¦.- ¦_.-.¦- '-•¦;..¦¦
Slxtn Race — Plan, ZUowaao. Prince
Blazes. .
GOLFERS BEADY FOB PLAY
OH TWO LOCAL COURSES
Many "Will Engage in Handicap Con
tests on Links at San Eafael
and Presidio.
There will be a handicap over eight
een holes, medal play, to-day for the
men of the San Francisco Golf Club,
competitors to tee off at 9:30 or Hh30
In the morning. There will be prizes
for the two lowest net scores, after the
handicaps have been deducted. The
gross scores made In the competition
will be reckoned as the qualifying
rounds for the Council's cup,., the eight
players who hand In the best scores
being qualified to enter the opening
match round of the competition for the
trophy for men. • If fewer than eight
players qualify the competition will be
deferred.
There will be two competitions to
day on the course of the San Rafael
Golf Club, a nine-hole handicap for la
dies and an eighteen-hole handicap for
men. Prizes will be given to the win
ners.
NOTES OF THE TEACK.
Twenty-one bookmakers cut in. Her
mann Hoffman, Bob Fleming, Joe Rose
and I. Hammerslough were among the
new firms.
For the first time this' season a combi
nation book was doing business. The
book is controlled by John Condon and
George Oxnard attended to the wants of
patrons. - - -•¦——••
The Etables of C. A. Johnson, "Pa"
Bradley and J. F. Winters arrived at
Ingleside yesterday. Whiskey King,
Bummer. Suburban Queen, Dandy Belle.
Tom Kingsley, The - Stewardess and
Virginia Boy were among the horses
brought out. Jockey J. Boyd came with
the stable.
Pat Dunne, the Chicago turfman, was
a spectator at the track yesterday, r
Larsen on Nervator rode in wide-awake
fashion and should get more mounts
The $3000 Thanksgiving Day Handicap
at one and one-eighth miles will be the
feature event of the card this after
noon. It will attract an excellent field
to the post with the probability of Ben
MacDhui going to the post favorite.. The
probable starters and their riders are
•Lacy Crawford, 90; Dlvina, L. Jackson
108; Albula. D. Hall, 113J Proper J
Martin, 113; Horatius. J. . Powell 102*
•Arabo. 106; Ben MacDhui, Adkins. 115 :
Lord Melbourne, Oliphant.- 95; Fossil*
Birkenruth. 104; Grail, Chandler, 95-
Byron Rose. R. Wilson, 102; Claude j'
Daly, 116 '—Doubtful starters.
In the third race. Flourish bolted and
went through the fence with Dugan The
youngster fortunately escaped with a
few slight cuts.
LOS ANGELES,, Nov. ko.— In a close
end hotly contested gaiue to-dav Los
Angeles won from Seattle by a score of
Z to 2. Both Hall and Hughes pitched
in excellent form, but ihe Los Angeles
team ran bases in a daring manner and
were lucky in their batting. Score:
Los Anfreles — Seattle —
AB. It. II. P.A. AB. R. H. P.A.
Hoy, cf.. 3 0 12 0 Lunlly,«J 4 113 0
Whe!r,2b 2.00 4 3 Mohler.Sb 31130
Smith, Sb 4.-.0 0 V. ".Smith, rf 4 Q 2 2 0
L>illon.lb 3 0 0 19 0 Brashr.lb 4 0 16 2
Cravthj-f 3 2 2 0' • 0 Zlnssar.lf 4 0 0 10
Ross. If- . 4 . 1 . 1 1 O Jansng.3b 3 0 0 11
Raymd, b 4 0 ~1 2 4.Dolan. s. 3 0 1 2 2
Spies, c. 3 O 0 O 2 Byers, c. 3 0 O 3 2
Hall. xj.. 2 O 0 O~ 3 Hushes.p 3 0 0 3 0
Totals.28 3 5 27 19 Totals. 31 2 6 24 9
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles o,l 0 0 0 2 0 0 z— 3
Base hits 12O101-00 x — 5
Seattle ..10 0 0 0 10 0 0 — 2
Base hits 20100200 1 — 0
SUMMARY.
. Errors — Dillon. Brashear. Stolen ba?es — Hoy
<?). Wheeler, Dillon, Ross. Three-base hit—
Cravath. Two-base hits-^-Mohler, Smith. First
base on balls — Oft Hughes. 4. First >ase on
errors — Seattle 1. Los Angeles 1. Left on
bases — Los Angeles 8. Seattle 2.- Struck out —
By Hall. 2; by Hughes, 3. Sacrifice hits-
Hall, "Wheeler. Mohler. Double play — Dillon
<unassifted). Hit by pitcher — Hoy. Time of
grame — One hour and forty minute*. Umpire
McDonald. '
SEATTLE LOSES THE GAME.
The Oakland Hornets will be made
up of C. C. Y Williamson, goalkeeper;
W. Pomroy, left fullback; Connolly,
right fullback; Bird, right halfback;
Chambers, center halfback; McKay,
left halfback; Lackie, outside right;
Cowell. inside right; Shand, center for
ward; Erskine, inside left; Hunter,
outside left. • -•-
-The Independent eleven will line up
against the Pirates '..i the following or
der: Forbes, goalkeeper; Armstrong,
left back; Lynch, right back; Smith,
left halfback; Watt, center halfback;
Walsh, right halfback; E. Fay, 'out
side left; Michel*, inside left; Ellis,
center forward; T. Fay, inside right;
Russell, outside right.
The Pickwick team wi>; line up in
the following positions: Rushton, goal
keeper; J. O'Shaughnessy, left back; A.
E. Boweock, right back; Brokenshire,
fcft halfback: T. Boweock, center half
back: H. Williamson, right -halfback;
V»"atterp, outside left; Sheddon, inside
left; Betts, center forward; Skuse, in
side right; Hallam, outside right. The
Vairpir* team will be made up as fol
lows: Airth. goalkeeper; Petersen, left
back: Marxin, right back; Langdale,
left halfback; Turner, center halfback:
ilarwood. right halfback; Newman,
outside left; Weaver, inside left; Kay,
center forward; Glarner, inside, right;
Show. ell. outside right. The absence of
A. W. Wilding from the above team
will be noticed. It is stated that he
has withdrawn from the team for the
rest of the present season. If this is
6O, it is much to be regretted, as he was
playing a much stronger game this
season than he did last.
The Albion Rovers team will be tnade
vp as follows T.McPherson, goalkeeper;
Johns, left back; Lancaster.- right
hark; Bayne. left halfback: Robertson,
renter halfback; McDermid, right half
back: Churchill, outside left; A. E. Or
ton. inside left; Gillchrest. center for
ward; G. Oiton. inside right; Bradley,
outside right. The Thistles will occu
py the folowing positions: Lowe, goal
keeper; Forrest, right back; Tierney.
left back: McGregor, right hp'fback;
Taylor, left halfback; Duncan, center
halfback; A. Disher, outside right;
Smith, inside right; Lydofc, center for
ward; R. Disher, inside left; Rlntoul,
outside left.
To-day will be a busy one for the
players and lovers of association foot
ball. No fewer than four matches will
be played in San Francisco and neigh
borhood. On the Presidio athletic
grounds, beginning at 11 a. m., the Al
'oion Rovers will meet the Thistle team,
C. W. Irish, unattached, being the ref
eree. On the cricket ground at Ala
rr.eda the Pickwick eleven will play
against the Vampires, the kick-off tak
ing place at 2: SO p. rn. On the grounds
of the California Cotton Mills In Eats
Oakland, beginning at 2:30 p. m.. the
Independents will measure their
strength against the Pirates, G. S. Mc-
Callum, last season's captain of the
Vampires, being the referee. At Idora
Park, Oakland, the Hornets of Oakland
will play against the eleven of the
British apprentices from the Seamen's
Institute at San Francisco. Arthur
Robinson will be referee.
Stolen bases — Devereaux, Schwarti. Errors
— Rockenfield (3). Gorton. Delmas, Irwln, Cut
ter. ¦ Two-base hlts^ — Irwln, Meaner. Sacrifice
hits — Rockehfleld, Messerley, Zearfoss, Krugcer.
First fcas* on errors — San Francisco 4, Oak
land 1. First base on called balls — Oft Cutter
'2. off Cooper 2. Left on bases-rSan Francisco
8, ' Oakland 4. Struck out — By Cutter 2, by
Cooper 2. Hit by pitcher — Meoserley. Double
play — Pabst to Delmas. Wild pitch — Cooper.
Time of mme — One hour and thirty minutes.
Umpire-^-O'Connell. ¦ -
Totals.27 2 7 18 71 Totals. 25 6 • 9 21 8
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San. Francisco 0 0 0 10 0 1—2
Bas* hits 1 2 110 11—7
Oakland.. 0.1 0 1 0 4* •— 6
Base bits 1 3.0 10 4 •— 9
SUMMARY.
•3an Francl«co— ] Oakland — . -T:
AB. R. H. P. A. j AB. R. H. P. A.
Lynch, a 4 O 1 0 2!O - Hara.cf 4 0 2 0 0
Meaay.rf 4 111' liR'kTld.s 2 0 0 2 2
Irwin Zb 3 0 2 0 0'M'd'ek.rf 4 0 0 0 1
Krug. It'3 0 0 2 O.Pch'tz^b 8 114 2
I'abst. lb 4 0 0 7 l'Kr'geY.lf 2 113 0
J>elae.2b 3 0 12 0 D;>ux.3b 3 1 110
Z'rfoss. c 110 4 tjMVly.lb 12 0 4 0
Cutter, p 3 0 3 0 ' 3 Gorton, c 3 1 2 6 ,1
I-'dsey. If 2 0 0 2 OiCocper, p 3 0 2 1 2
The fieldintr was weak for the most
part. Shay was out of the game, so
Lynch played short and Lindsey was
sent out into the left garden", lie exe
cuted a few nice catches, which were
about the only bright features to an
otherwise dulland listless exhibition.
The score:
The Cripples and the Natives went
for eix and one-half rounds yesterday
afternoon. Then the fog banks began
to loom ud in the horizon, and it was
ell off with baseball for the day.- ; The
Cripples had everything while the strife
lasted, and 'twas easy for them to win.
Score, 6 to 2.
The ball could not be seen after tho
third inning, and as there were no lan
terns handy to hang on the sphere .the
only thing to do was- to stop playing.
Doth pitchers worked well for a while.
Then Cutter's support began to weak
en and he was walloped some. The Na
tives never could reae'r. Cooper much,
so therefore they were shy on runs.
Pickwick Team to Contest
Supremacy With Un
beaten Vampires.
FB0BA.3i.-q WZXniTSBS.
Sixth^ race— One and a sixteenth miles •¦?four
year-olds and up; selling: . .
6354 'Augie (Capps & Co.) " in«
6323 Illowaho (XV. H. KetchemanV.'.".""" 110
6354 Prince Blazes'tE. Hert)..'.:.:. " 107
6351 •Harry Thatcher (Mrs. Hastings) .'.'.' .'.'.'lO2
•Apprentice allowance. o/ V 1 "
Fifth race-^-Flve furlongs'; three-year-olds and
up; selling: • _ - « ...
4125 »The Fog (W. B. Sink). 103
¦6347 'Colonel Van (D. 8. - Fountain) „ "102
4600 Big Maesle (D. M. Hanlon).... '"'iO7
6340 Bay .Wonder (J. F. Newman) """ins
6350 Kan Nicholas (Burns & "Waterhouse)"li6
6014 'Goddess of Night (H. F. Parks) 102
52S6 E. M. Brattaln (C. Young).;?:: J07
Fourth race— One and an eighth miles; three
year-olds and up; Thanksgiving * Handicap*
12000: ... -,, ' • ..
6359 Lacy Crawford (B. Schreiber) ........ 90
6177 Dlvina (El Primero Stable).. ....108
6339 Albula (Lemasney - Bros.).... .....'. ..113
41S3 Proper (.XV. B. Jennings & Co.) 113
5345 Horatlus (J. J. McAlester) .".......... 102
6320 Arabo (W. B. Jennings & Co.) ioe
¦R359 Ben MacDhul (P. Ryan)... 115
6353 Lord Melbourne (Bender & Co.)..... 95
6357 Fossil (Parker & Thwaltes) 104
6315 Grail (C. Young)..... j)5
6335 Byron Rose (Ray Wilson).........;- 102
'6309 Claude (M. J. •.Daly>...-..:..*........!ne
Third race — Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
vp; celling:
6326 Bine Miracle (C. E.Eaunders). .'......102
.6350 St. Wilda <Raitln City Stable) 104
512-5 rrhlsbe (J. Bennett) 09
" 4CS6 Jockey Club ( W. Fisher) .105
4802 •Hainault (Thomas & Levy) ..... . . ... 105
. Louis Wagner (J. McAlester) ...113
6353 'Egg JCogg (S. G. Morton) ......100
»Earl MV (W. Henry)... ; .... 09
6340 Albemarle (Moshier & Co.) .....102
5249 Escalante (XV. J. Spiers)..... .......110
4598 Velma Clark (J. J. McAlester) .104
Elle (B.^Smith) 107
6350 »F. E. Shaw (W. B. Sink).....,, 98
5361 'Sol Smith (J. Cooper) .'..... 98
4193 Hoceo (Burns and Waterhouse)......107
6349 Harbor (H. E. Rowell) ........»103
5349 'Florlana Belle (B. r*r. Miller). 05
6331 Itetlakatla (J. D. MilUn).. ..103
Second race — Five end a half furlongs; two
year-olda; selling:
5349 'Effervescence (Mrs. J. Coffey). 05
.... *Vkughan (Mrs. I*. Hetger) ....102
6349 *The Bugaboo (M. Eppinger) ..08
6349 St. Yusef (Kentucky Stable)..... 107
While surprises ¦ were lookad for at
Oakland yesterday, owing to the heavy
and holding condition of the track, the
result of the slxV furlong handicap came
almost in the nature of a shock to the
talent. < Because' of some good early
morning trials, John ' A- .Scott,\ allotted
110 pounds, equal weight -with. Burnle
Buntpn, was made favorite : at 6 toi 5.
His odds '. later, receded a point and the
2 to 1 at first offered about Burnie Bun
ton lengthened, to 2%. < The favorite
raced on almost equal, terms. with Cap
tivate to 'the stretch and there* retired.
Just before the curtain 'fell; Jack Mar
tin slipped along, on" the outside with
the 8 to' 1 ehojt Evea G, winning easily
from Muresca," against which 12 to. 1
was laid; There' are thirty stable' boys
on the track. that could have furnished
a better exhibition '-- ot^> ability, than^ 'did
Ferrell on Burnle Buntoii, whiqh niare
ran fourth. '.' *' '' '
Four first, choices, in Mr. Dingle,
John A. Scott, Matt Hogan and Plucky
were bowled '.over. ¦bjut-V-a.a the betting
was only moderately, heavy -the ring
reaped.no harvest. , Twenty-one ; books
cut in and the blockmen are prepared;
for. the expected bombardment " this
afternoon. The card -was only a .fair
one, but attracted the usual crowd of
regulars.
Lemasney Bros.' entry, Silurian, was
played down to slight favoritism B.
the speculating on the first race, a Fu
turity course selling sprint. Well han
dled through the stretch by Foley, the
brown gelding split Toto Gratiot and
Ora Viva, beating the first named a
neck. With more experienced handling
Ora Viva could have won. Amasa quit
after showing early speed.
Sol Smith kept up his reputation as
a mudlark by capturing the seven
furlong run for two-year-Olds about
as he pleased. The colt closed favorite
at 2 to 1, and In front almost from the
start, finished nearly three lengths be
fore Avenger. Crosswaite landed
Charley Schweitzer in the show at odds
of 100 to s 1. Hall had Dorice in the poor
going and collected nothing.
Mr. Dingle was fifteen minutes the
best of those starting in the third chap
ter, another seven-furlong affair, but
indifferent handling worked his down
fall. Jimmy Booker had his first try
at the game, but was not on to the
shoals and sandbars, and Loyal S, rid
den by Powell, beat Dingle half a
length. Constellator died away the
last eighth, after looking all over a
winner at one time.
If Waterbury, who rode Matt Hogan,
favorfte for the fifth event, a'Futurity
course Jaunt, does such a funny turn
again he should be furnished with a
ticket and sent to his home way down
on the Wabash or some other inky
stream over the old . reliable Tin Can
route. It was a dazzling exhibition,
even "on a muddy track. Matt Hogan
finished fifth. Nervator, a 15 to 1 shot,
nicely ridden by Larsen, outlasted
Florinel In the run home, disposing of
the little fellow by half a length.
Berendos ran third, several lengths in
front of Alta G.
James Curl's, Erne proved a good re-,
peater by taking the closing number
at a mile from a shifty cluster of
"mudders." When C. B. Campbell and
Lady Kent had played out their string
Knapp brought Erne along on the rail,
getting the decision from Billy Moore
by half a length. Pluck, the favorite,
ran a cheap race.
ENTRIES FOB TO-DAY.
First race — Seven furlongs; three-year-olds;
puree :
&U8 IndJna (Stockton Stable). ........ ....103
6348 Alice Calahan (R. Snider) 109
5300 Blissful <E. Smith) : 109
6335 Arcade (W. B. Jennings) 106
6359 Lacy Crawford (B. Bchrelber) 103
4682 Hellas (J. Creely) 109
4C24 Molto (H. L. Canton) 103
4C21 Gorpalette (J. D. Fitzgerald)... V. .... .109
5330 Past Master (C. P. Fink) ....106
Cutter Pitches Well Until
the Fielders Becom9
Erratic.
THE CALLS RACING FORM CHART
Cripples Make -More
Tallies While Battle
, Lasts.
Thistles to Play Albion
Rovers on Pnesidio
Grounds.
TOO MUCH FOG
STOPS THE GAME
FOUR FOOTBALL
MATCHES BILLED
SPORTS OF THE TRACK AND THE FIELD
BETTING IS FEVEBISH.
. Men With Money, 'to ; Wager Seem All
' \at Sea.'';.^ ' \"> '¦'-'/'
- ; The betting on the Fitzsimmons-,
Gardner fight was feverish "and panicky
WHATCOM. .Wash., ; Nov. . 25.--"Far
mer" ".Burns, : „ champion ', middle-weight
catch-as-catch-can ".wrestler v of t the
world,* to-night"^ threw/ John - Berg, \ Pa^
cine ; Northwest champion,* three ; times
within an hour. - Mfttejjjte^.'-- ¦.
"Philadelphia". Jack O'Brien, one of
'the : noted 'boxers' In this .country,
dropped into town yesterday to! see the
Fltzsimmons-Gardner fight. He had
been" visiting Ills sister at Albuquerque
and; decided to come and see Fitz per-"
form and also challenge him to do bat
tle" at 158"pounds.
' O'Brien • looked well and prosperous.
He , seemed - to . be! '. bigger and stronger
than .when he was here some years ago.
O'Brien speaks modestly of his 127 ring
engagements."'. He' is "the "champion, of
England I in . the" middle-weight"; and
h'eavy- weight divisions..; O'Brien ; said
he was'; matched to fight' Ryan , six
rounds'. in Philadelphia. He, Is anxious
to I come ' to ; this coast ¦, and fight : some
of j the crackajacks. He -said he .would
not battle with Gardner, as the ¦ latter
weighed too^ much.^.: O'Brien will leave
for Philadelphia orf Friday." '
BOXER JACK O'BBIEITHEBE.
; Fitzsimmons ¦¦ and . Gardner experi
enced no difficulty in . making the re
quired weight. They were at Harry
Corbett's T yesterday, in advance of the
required time and without any delay
proceeded to the business in hand. .;
Each man was so 'sure of his weight
that he removed only his outer gar
ments. The weights were adjusted at
the 168-pound, notch and neither man
moved the .bar.. When they had dress
ed for the street | again Referee Graney
took! them to one /side and. they dis
cussed the matter of bandages.,; It. was
finally agreed . that ordinary' surgical
tape be used, with the application of
collodion or any : liquid which would
have a hardening effect. The bandages
were to be inspected in the dressing
rooms of the two men by their repre
sentatives, to avoid, delays in entering
the ring. ':'-., .,' ¦ ' '--.
.The weighing-in attracted ! an f im
mense crowd; to -Ellis street, that thor
oughfare being , almost; • impassable.
The sympathy- of ..the, crowd was /ap
parently; with Fitzsimmons, who "was
loudly cheered as he made* his appear-?,
arice.. ..',;•. ";"--'u^ -tv •••¦', " ' v -¦-.'¦¦-' ' '.'^'¦'\-s
., Fitzsimmons had brightened up.no
ticeably .since/ the previous day rand
looked the picture -of health. Gardner
Uyed up . to all ¦ that had I been > said i as
to his perfect physical condition. • <. ¦
the Bequired Limit.
Both Heavyweights Are Well Within
BOXERS WEIGH IN.
For a time yesterday the fate of the
big fight hung in the balance. The
death of : Samuel Ralney unnerved Ed
die Graney, as they had been on terms
of ' the greatest friendship . for many
years.
When i the referee heard of the death
of his friend he positively refused to
appear in the ring and asked that
some one else be chosen. Gardner was
willing, but Fitzsimmons , would .not
listen to it, saying he would not fight
unless Graney would act. • Af ter a con-^
ference Graney set. aside his personal
feelings In the premises and decided to
act.: ¦ : ; ' . ¦ ',\~ . '... '., ¦••.¦,/¦¦
FIGHT HANGS IN BALANCE.
Johnny was glad to break ground.
Curran was wobbly on his pins, when
he went to his corner. In. the third
Ritchie had Curran down for the count.
Curran was game and came back for
more. He played possum and kept his
right / poised and whenever Ritchie
came in he would let fly and always
catch the Eastern bantam on the jaw.
Curran was very .weak on. his pins
when he went to his corner. Ritchie
tried - to finish Curran in the fourth,
but was nearly put out himself. He
bled from ear. and nose and was at sea
from the : heavy wallops . on the head.
The decision of a draw was well re
ceived by the crowd. .Champion Neil
could finish either Curran or Ritchie in
one round. ¦¦;¦•
from the time the first wager was laid
a week ago.
'The first bets were made at odds of
5 to 10 with Fitzsimmons favorite. The
Gardner adherents took kindly to this
until the. odds quickly reached 9 to 10.
This was partly brought about by the
unfavorable reports from the Fitzsim
mons camp. On Tuesday the odds
hovered about 8 to 10. '.When weighlng
in time came yesterday Fitzsimmons
appeared in such fine condition that the
odds went to 7 to 10. The heavy play
of the people who liked Gardner's
chances changed these odds until when
the men entered the ring it was even
money and take your pick.
Mowatt Outpoints Broad.
NEW ORLEANS, Nov. 25.— Tommy
Mowatt of Chicago and Kid Broad of
Cleveland fought ten rounds before the
Southern Athletic Club to-night. Mow
att got the decision. He clearly out
fought his opponent, -both at long and
short range, and had Broad groggy
several times, but he could not put him
out.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 25. — Captain O. M.
Carter will be released from th* Fort Leaven
worth, Kana., prison on the 28th lnst., when
his term of -Imprisonment will expire.
SUMMARY.
Stolen bases — Eheehan, Blake. Errors — Hol-
Ungsworth 2. Nadeau, Francis. Hcg»n, Shee
han. Two-base hits — Freeman, Mclaughlin.
Doyle. Holllngsworth. Sacrifice hits — Butler.
Sheehan. He-gun. First base on errors — Sacra.
mento 4, Portland 1. First base on called bails
—Off Keefe 4, off Butler 2. Left on bases —
Sacramento 6, Portland 8. • Struck out — By
Keefe 4. Time "f came — 1 hour and 45- min
utes. . Umpire — Levy.
Sacramento 0 0 0 2 0 0 0 0 2 — 4
Base hits 1 10 2 1 0 0 1. 1 — 7
Portland '. .. 0 0 2'0 .0 0 0 0 0 — 2
- Base hits 2 0 2 0-1 1 0 2 0—8
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 25.— The Port
land stickers could do little with
Keefe's delivery when hits were need
ed. Butler for the Brownies was twirl
ing equally, as good ball as Keefe. but
was not accorded the support he should
have • received^ In the ninth inning
Hollingsworth made a couple of stum
bles, and these lost the game, as the
Senators got two men over the plate
in consequence. Score: .
Sacramento— "." Portland —
AB.B. H. P.A. "\ AB.IL H. P.A.
Doyle, cf.5 02 3 1 VaaB| 'cf.4 12 2 O
Hldbd. lf.3 0 0 0 1 From, lb.4 1 111 1
McLin, rf.4 110 0 Blake, rf.4 0 2 3 1
Casey. 2b.4 2 1 1 4JAndso. 2b. 4 0 0 12
Egan. s..4 1 0 2 1 Holgtb. s.t 0 2 -5 ,'t
Shehn, Sb.3 0 2 2 4]Nadau, If. 4 0 10 0
Knell, lb.4 0 0 11 0 Frncs. 3b-2 0 0 2 2
Hogan c.3 0 0 8 1 Shea. C...3 O 0 3 2
Keefe, p-3 0 10 3 Butler, p.. 3 0 0 0 4
Total».8S 4 T 27 15 Tot*l9.82 2 8 27 15
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Hollingsworth's Two Fumbles Give
Senators Safe Lead.
BROWNIES IX) SE IN" NINTH.
Preliminary round — "W. Dele (15 4-6) vs. 3.
DrnmmonQ MacGavin (owe 15>.
F1r»t round. upper half — Harry Holf»
•{scratch) v«. Bay Cornell (scratch): B. B. Dair
gett (30) vs. Herbert Long- (4-6 of 13): L, C.
Bozarth (15 3-6) vs. Billy Collar (owe 15>; R.
Spltvalo fscrateh) v«. Harry McAfee (30): K.
Mitchell (ow. IS) ve. A. Worthlngton <15 3-ff):
W Volkraann (3<>) vb. Joseph Tcbln (owe 2-6
of.' 15): W. F. Bull (15 4-6> vs. Sidney Salis
bury (owe 2-« of 15); W. Allen (owe 4-6 of 15>
vb Dr. Noble (30). Lower half of the -first
round — A. Beyfuss (4-8 of 15) va. winner of the
Dole-MaeOavin match: H. Punnett (4-6 of 13)
vs. Spencer. Grant (15): B. Wallace (15 4-«) vs.
P. Ptrinyham (owe 2-6 of 15); A. Amen (15 4-6)
vs. D. Volkmann (30): Dr. LovegTOve «15 4-«) vs.
K. P Bobbins (30) ; G. W. Burnett (15 4-»r> vs.
H. Schmidt (owe 1-6 of 15): H. Spring <30> vs.
Charlie Kuehn (4-6 of 15). and H. Grey (30) vs.
H. Halght (owe 2-« of 15).
The Golden Gate Tennis Club will
hold an open mixed doubles tourna
ment on the park courts to-day. The
entry list will be small, but some of
the best players from Berkeley will
compete. The entry list •yill not close
until thi3 morning, when It Is thought
the players will get together and make
up teams. It Is a difficult matter to
hold a successful mixed doubles, owing
to the scarcity of women players of
even ordinary ability. George 1*. Baker
and Miss Hazel Hotchkiss of Alameda
County will probably be the strongest
team, although It 13 doubtful If they
are stronger than Charles Dunlap and
Miss Ethel Ratcliffe. Guy Lytton and
Miss Mary Ratcliffe will play together.
G. W. Finch and Miss Lulu Wegener
have joined forces. Mr. and Mrs. R.
N. Whitney have also entered.
Herbert Schmidt (owe 1-6) and Ray
Cornell and Harry Rolfe (scratch) are
all playing well and their chances are
good. Cornell at times lately has play
ed a remarkable game. When he gets
a streak he is danserous. but ordinar
ily he is very wild and erratic. Rolfe
plays an excellent game in practice,
but seems to go to pieces in tourna
ments.
Herbert Long and Alexander Bey
fuss, with odds of 4-6, should cut quite
a figure. Long is uncertain on account
of his unsteadiness. At times he plays
a brilliant game, but his head work
Is not good. Beyfuss is somewhat out
of practice, but Is at his best in a
tournament. He will, make his oppo
nents play to win with these odds.
Kuehn and Punnett also get 4-6.
I Of the lower class men A. W. Worth
lngton seemed strongest to the handl
cappers. He is given 15 3-6. while Br^
Lovegrove. W. F. Bull and W. S. Dole
are given 1-6 morn. Of the men placed
on the "SO" mark Daniel Volkmann and
Herbert Gray appear to b« the strong
est.
Play will commence at 9:30 this morn
ing. All matches except finals will be
two sets out of three: finals three out
of five. The club has offered four
handsome silver trophies to thoao
reaching the semi-finals.
The drawing and handicaps follow:
The feature on the tennis courts to
day will be a handicap singles tourna
ment at the California Tennis Club.
Bush and Scott streets. . All of the best
players of the club, with the exception
of Grant'Smith, will compete. The most
heavily handicapped men are Drum
mond MacGavIn, Will Collier and
Frank Mitchell, who will play from 15
back of scratch. Will Allen will be
on the owe 4-6 mark. Collier and Allen
are steady players and their chances of
winning are considered good.
Joseph -S. Tobin. an ex-champion of
the coast in doubles and ten years ago
one of the foremost players in the
West, has entered. Tobin has been
practicing of late and as he has mod
ernized his game somewhat he is play
ing better than ever. The handicapping
committee showed its high regard for
Tobin's ability when it placed him on
the owe 2-6 mark with such players
as Frank Stringham and Sidney Salis
bury. "
. Sixth race, one and an eighth miles —
Heir Apparent won, King B second,
Mollie Mono'pole third. Time, 2:01. '
Seventh race, . seven furlongs-^-Court
Maid won. The - Guardsman second,
Cottage Maid third. Time, 1:29 1-5.
. Third race, one and a half miles—
"Wild Thyme won, ¦ Nancy D second.
Time, 2:47. (Two starters).
Fourth race, six furlongs — Miss Mel
ton, won. Colleen Bawn second, The
Bowery third. Time, 1:16.
Fifth race, one mile — Buttons won,
Norbury second, Toscan third. Time,
1:42 3-5.
Fifth race, five furlongs— Sjambock
won. Belle Mahone second, Eccentric
third. Time, 1:02%.
Sixth race, mile and seventy yards —
King's Court won. Dynasty second,
Antolee third. Time, 1:45%. •"
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 25.—
Bennings summary:
, First race, six and a half furlongs-
Robin Hood won, Judith Campbell sec
ond. Master Man third. Time 1:22 3-5.
Second race, fiye furlongs — Gana
nogiie won, Belle o{ Bellemeade sec
ond, Belle of "Wakefleld third. Time,
1:02 1-5. ¦'¦'¦.. - ¦¦* ,'.r.. -
, Fourth race, handicap, steeplechase,
short course— Balzac won, Vailantine
second, Faraday, Jr., third. Time,
3:04%. Theory won, but was disquali
fied for fouling..
• CINCINNATI, Nov. 25.-Latonia
summary: \
First race, mile and seventy yards —
Trocadero won, Olonetz second, Bar
bara Fritchie third. Time, 1*46.
Second race, Beven furlongs— Chief
Deputy won, Beneflcient second. Ma
jor T. J. Carson third. Time, 1:29%.
Third race, seven -furlongs — Jigger
won, Pyrrho second, Frank Mo third.
Time, 1:29%. *
Wild Thyme Takes a Mile
and a Half Event
at Bennings.
nia Club.
Handicap Singles Tourna
ment at the Califor-
Games Scheduled for
the Various Courts
To-Day.
Theory Disqualified Aft
' er^ Running First
at Latonia.
TENNIS MATCHES
ARE ANNOUNCED
WINS AND LOSES
A STEEPLECHASE
THE SAN FBAKCISCO CALL, TBDKSDAY, NOVEMBER 26. 1903.
Is Placed in' the Six-Furlbhg Handicap iat Oakland—The
Event Is Gaptured~by Eyea G, an 8 to;;i;;Gutsider Ridden by
Jack jVlartin—Ni^rvator Disposes ; Floririel 7II at 15 to I
JOHN A. SCOTT AND BURNIE BUNTON
SADLY DISAPPOINT THEIR FRIENDS
11
No disease causes so much bodily discomfort, or itches, and burns like
Eczema. Beginning often with a slight redness of the skin it gradually .
spreads, followed by pustules or blisters from which a gummy, sticky fluid
oozes which dries and scales off or forms bad looking sores and scabs. It ap-
pears on different parts of the body but oftenest upon the back, arms, hands,
legs and face, and is a . r ' ¦
vpriraM* f nrmmn t at In !89Q I experienced at times patches on the in-
lentable torment at sldo of my hands tnat itc hed and burned, cauainjr
times,- especially at . _ much discomfort. -As time went by it
r-> % t or When over- "^agg^V pw worse, and I was convinced that
¦^-l or wnca u\ci ffl^t. I was afflicted with Eczema. I con-
neated. SBfii^ i suited several phyeiciana and a num.
Trr* nvvtzp. nt T?/«7i> WaSsfc*. feer °* socialists, and. used several ex-
me cause Of_ tj:ze- ty$m.fA ternal applications, r e c e i v i n s but
IS a too acifl and "SZ&fcySmLi: slight temporary relief. In February
£renc-'l rnhpilthv con- '£x£teS$& I decided to try S. S. S., and in less than
: l..u unneaimy con Xtl^gg^Bt a month I experienced a change lor tho
Cition of the blood. [pgfS^gS^ better, and by May all symptoms had
The terrifvinjr itching W^^T disappeared, and I found myself entire-
„„. , iiA y*"5 /"-"*"& kvC/ < ly cured; and have bad no return of
and burning is pro- i2t — 1 the disease since. - W. P. BRUSH,
duced bv the overflow -J. Manager Stockman's Advertisiziff Agency.
throughlheglandslnl station A.'kansa. City, Mo. .
pores of the skin of the fiery" poisons with which the blood-current is over-
S^^^ -^m^J loaded." 'While external applications, such as r
r<Q^ (C^ was^^ s » sokps, salves and powders "aresoot hing and'
A^^^ copljng they do not enter into the 'blood itself or \
)) OJ touch the real, cause of the disease, but S. SI S.
7**™^ does, and . purifies, enriches, and , strengthens , the \
thin acid blood and cleanses and builds. up the general system, when the
skin clears off and Eczema with all its terrifying symptoms disappears.-
Send for our free book on the Skin and its diseases. No charge for
xaedical advice. jHE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., A TLANTA, GAm
/ .* ... ' * * - ' V , • ---¦ . .
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
' _ ADVERTISEMENTS. _^
FREE TO MEN!|
\ A Book Full of Facts About # |
Mclaughlin's I
:^^SSt2ffi^' EleCtriG I
"J^^^^^P: ror.weaRmen|
I know that no man remains a weakling: because he wants to; I am «
sure that you want to overcome every Indication of early decay that has <5
shown itself on you. .1 don't think the man -lives who would not like to ft
feel as big and strong as a Sandow, and I know that If you have a rea- q
sonable foundation to build upon I can make you a bigger man than 8
you ever hoped to be. I want you to know that, you who can't believe §
it; and I want you, to have my. book in which I describe how I learned W
that strength was . only electricity and how I learned to restore it; also I <%
want to tell you the names of some men who will tell you that when they «
came to me they were physical wrecks and are now among the finest 8
specimens of. physical manhood. • • S
fy A HAPPY MAN. |
.- Dear Sh?: ? Havlnc. used your famous electric belt for thirty days. I have received W
the greatest benefit that a nan could gain — that is ' health and life. The tired, de- <%
epondent feeling has gone. '• I feel the beginning of -a new life, and am ever your rc
debtor.w<ima» wiip^aaBBwatgHgB |i|(iii|j| tuuin xv. e. clark. «
P. O. box 4S2, Tucson. Ariz. O
• I want you to read this book and . learn the truth about my argu- o
ments. If you are not as vigorous as you would like to be. if you have .. 8
rheumatic pains, weak kidneys." loss of vitality, prostatic troubles, nerv- o
ous spells, varicocele' or any "ailment of that kind that weakens you. it S
Vwould assure/you; future. happiness if^you would look into this method o
"of mine. . Don t.delay it; your best days . are slipping by. If you want O
this book I send it, closely sealed, tree, if you send this ad. Call for *5
free consultation. , q
I) P M f McT audlilTn market street, |
Office Hours — 8 a. m. to S p.ztn. Sundays. 1» to 1. , * Q
, ; Seattle Office. : 105 Columbia st. : Los Angeles. , 129 So. . Spring st. . £?THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 26.
Sun rises 7:02 a. m.
Sun sets T, 4:53 p. m.
Moon sets (First quarter) 11:30 p. m.
O iTime ' iTlmel Time Time
g. Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
? |H W |L W H W L W
2S 6:25 4.9 11:20 2.9 4:30 3.0 10:45 1.1
27 6:07 5.112:20 2.6 5:53 3.8 11:43] 1.4
2S I 6:47 5.2 1:11 2.017:06 3.81 '
L W r H W |L W II W • I
29 0:34 1.6 7:24 5.2| 1:50 1.6 8:14 4.0
30 1:20 1.9 8:00 6.4l 2:30 1.0 9:12 4.2
1 2:00 2.1 8:32 5.CJ 3:12 0.3110:08 4.4
2 2:52 2.3 0:08 5.SJ 3:54 — 0.2|10:59 4.0
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus (—)
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given as subtracted from the depth given by
the. charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer v From.' | Due.
Coro"nado. . . . San Pedro Nov. 26
Aztec Tacoma Nov. 26
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. Nov. 20
Point Arena.. Mendoclno & Pt. Arena. Nov.
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way Ports Nov. 20
Bonita NewjH>rt & Way Ports. Nov. 2ti
Columbia Portland & Astoria Nov. 26
Humboldt Seattle |Nov\ 26
Czarina Coos Bay |Nov. 2S
Hawaiian.... New York iNov. 27
Edith... Seattle |Nov. 28
Pomona Humboldt [Nov. :a
Eureka Humboldt K'ov. 28
North Fork... Humboldt .'(Nov. 28
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports INov.
F. Leggett... Humboldt |Nov. 28
Empire Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. |Nov. 28
Curacao Mexican Ports Nov. 29
Del Norte.... Crescent City Nov. 29
Abydos ... Hamburg & Way Ports. Nov. 30
Ventura Sydney & Way Ports. . . Nov. So
Chico Coquille River ....... Nov. 30
Coos. Boy San Pedro & Way Ports Nov. 30
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports|Nov. 30
Centralla San Pedro !Nov. 30
Corona.' Humboldt |Dec. 1
S. Barbara... Seattle & Olympia IDec. 1
G.W. Elder. . Portland & Astoria IDec 1
G. Llndauer. .' Portland & Astoria.. ..IDec. 2.
City of Para. N. Y. via Panama (Dec. 2
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports. ...IDec. 3
Chehalis Grays Harbor |Dec. 3
China China and -Tapan IDec. 4
Rival Wlllapa Harbor .......(Dec. 4
S. Monica.... I Grays Harbor ..." (Dec. 5
TO SAIL. \ ' ¦
Steamer. Destination. Sails. I Pier.
November 20. I
Phoenix.... Mendocino City ... 1 pmjPier 13
Samoa Los Angeles Ports. 10 am (Pier 2
State of Cal San Dlcgo &' Way. n am|P!er 11
J. Dollar... Srattle & Tacoma. 10 amjpier 20
November 27. t
Senator.... Tlumholdt '... 1:30 p Pier 9
South Bay..! Humboldt 5 pm Pier 10
Coronado... Grays Harbor 4 pmi.Pler 10
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 amiPier 0
November 28. |
Nlcaria Hamburg & Way. . 12 m|PIer 19
Iaqua Humboldt.." 0 am|Pier 2
Newburg... Grays Harbor .... 4 praiPier 10
F. Leggett. Lo 8 Angeles Ports. 110 am|Pler 10
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena | 4 pm Pier 2
San Pedro.. Humboldt '...'...... l'J am Pier 2
Alameda... Honolulu 11 am Pier 7
C. Sydney.. j$. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
November 20. I 1 ¦
Alliance Eureka & Coos BayjlO am|Pler 16
S. Rosa.... Kan Ulego & Way, 9 ainfPier 11
Bonita....". Newport & Way...) 9 amIPIer 11
Columbia... Astoria & Portland.lll amlPicr 24
November 30. | |">.
Pomona.... Humboldt . ll:30p[Pler 9
Kureka..... Humboldt ....:...[ 9 amjPler 13
. December 1. I . |
Centralla... Grays Harbor . ....14 pm|Pier 10
North Fork. Humboldt ........( 6 |.m|Pier 20
Mariposa... Tahiti direct .Ill am Pier. 7
December 2. | ¦ <r
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma.. 1 10 am Pier 2
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 1 11 am Pier 0
December 3. | T.
-hlco Coqullle River .... 4 pmlPIer . 2
H. K. Maru China &' Japan.... 1 pm[PIer 40
CoosEay... San Pedro & Way 9 amiPier 11
- - December 4. I I
G. WV Elder Astoria & Portlandltl am|Pier 21
December 5. II
Arizonan... New York ....[ ..[Pier 25
Newport.... N. -Y. via Panama.112 mjPier 40
G.Lindauer 'Astoria & Portland) 1 pmjPier 28
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. For. | Salls -
Cottage City.. Bkagway '& Way Ports. (Nov. 27
Excelsior..... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts|Dec- 1
Dolphin Skagway & Way Port*. IDec. 2
Valencia..... Skagway & Way Porta.|Dec. 4
Bertha....... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts|Dec 7
Th« steamer. 1 Gaelic :. sailed " yesterday ;• for
Hong Kong ' via Honolulu, ' Yokohama •; and
Manila ' with a general merchandise cargo
valued at $107,514. exclusive ; of treasure, and
distributed as follows: For Japan. $70,211 •
China. $(£.516: Manila. $55,362; East Indies,
Exports to the Orient.
The Secretary of the Treasury yes
terday Instructed Acting Customs Col
lector Hamilton to recognize. as the
Consul General for the new republic of
Panama at this port General Ramon
Arlos Feraud.
Consul Feraud Recognized.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The British ship ' Strathgyf e : is chartered for
wheat and barley to Europe at lls 3d. :
The ship Elwell and the bark General Fair
child are chartered ! for lumber from Puget
Sound to Sydney, at 30s. .
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Insolvent Salesman.
Thbmas Irvin, a salesman, residing
in Alameda. filed' a petition in insol
vency yesterday. He owes 52308 and
has no assets.
Jap stmr Hongkong Maru, Filmer, 25 days
17 hours 39 minutes from Hongkong, via'Yo-
. ' Wednesday, November 25. -
. Stmr Scotia, Johnson, 11 hours from Bowens
Landing. -'j
" Stmr Phoenix, Odland. 10 hours from Mon
terey. :¦ •
- < Stmr NewDort, Saunders, . 21 days 18 hours
frcm Panama, via Mazatlan 5 days 6 hours. ;
" Stmr ' Asuncion, Brldsett, | from Redondo.'.
Stmr Redondo. Krog, '" 3S hours from Hue
neme. ;. '
Stmr Chehalis, Frantzon, 26 hours from
Santa . Barbara.
Stmr Aberdeen, Daniels, 82 hours from Port
land.:.. . ' ¦„ > . •_ • ¦ ¦ - .¦¦.¦•; - '
Stmr Centennial, Glllespie, 82% hours from
Seattle. , ., . , . ¦ : • . , ,
•- ' Stmr Iaqua, Jorgenson, 22 ¦ hours from - Eu
reka. - : ' - ; ¦ ,.-'-/•"
-. . Stmr Senator, ¦ Eacles, 23 - hours *• from Eu
reka. ' ; ,. ¦•, ;.-..•¦ .,¦¦¦•¦
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
A storm struck the Pacific Coast near
the mouth of the Columbia River last
night and started East. Profeesor Me-
Adle savs that -we may; have a touch
of rough weather in San. Francisco this
afternoon or evening. It is expected,
however, that the storm will be most
severe In the north. At 5 o'clock last
night the wind was blowing at. the rate
of sixty miles an hour on the Oregon
coast.
Storm Strikes Coast.
The Kosmoe . liner Nlcaria arrived . yesterday
from Seattle to finish leading cargo for south
ern ports and ' Hamburg.; ->
The United States ship Petrel. Captain Cap
pan, sailed yesterday for Santa Barbara, where
she will assist at the trial of the new cruiser
Tacoma. -The trial is scheduled for Saturday. *
The Key route ferry boat San Jose was
taken off Boole's marine ways yesterday morn-
Ing. She was on ; the ways -twenty-eight
hours and when she wan returned to the water
¦was in first-class condition. The . mechanics
engaged in repairing her worked day and night
until she was finished. . • - ¦
Water Front Notes.
Through the agency of the Burnham-
Marsh Company, C. G. Gebhardt has
sold to a client of the brokers named
the property at 134 and 136 Third street
and 208 to 220 Natoma street. The con
sideration is $107,000. The land has a
frontage of 30 feet on Third street and
150 feet on Natoma street. The back
one-half of the lot Is 80 feet /wide. The
Improvements now bring in- a rental of
$300 per month, j
Crcbhardt Sells Property With Two
Frontages and Improvements
* for $107,000.
AN IMPORTANT DEAL IS
' - * MADE ON THIRD STREET
Two overdue barks were posted yesterday for
reinsurance. (The French bark Marechal'de
Castries, out seventy-seven days from I Naga
saki for Newcastle, N. S. W., and the British
bark Thornliebank, out 147 days from Phila
delphia for Auckland. They are both quoted
at 10 per cent. The other overdues are quoted
as follows: Chalonus. 10 per cent; Lurller, 16
per cent; Flfeshlre, 50 per cent; Paris, 45 per
cent: Talca, 15 per cent; Llndisfarne, 20 per
cent; Thalia, 90 per cent; La Bruyere, 20 per
cent. 'and Beechdale, 10 per cent.
The Overdue L-ist.
Two prisoners were prought from the Orient
on the steamship Hongkong Maru In charge of
Consul General John Goodnow. . They were
privates in the legation guard at Peking and
were sentenced by Consul Ragsdale to three
years in San Quentin . for robbery with vio
lence. e"^»",T: ; .
Prisoners on Hongkong Maru.
Captain Ike Smith of the army tender Slocuni
distinguished himself on Tuesday afternoon by
bringing the big transport Logan from Hunters
Point through the thickest of the fog and plac
ing her alongside the transport wharf without
scratching the big trooper's paint. He made
his arrangements beforehand. A bell sounding
from the Buford, which is anchored in . the
•Uream, gave Captain Smith his bearings and
he located the dock by the orchestra of police
whistles which, according to his suggestion,
piped in lusty unison as soon as the Logan's
whistle told that the Buford' s bell had given
Captain Smith his -bearings. 'i -.;_
Docks Transport During the Fog.
Some of these counties will make spe
cial exhibits. Ventura County, for in
stancet will show beans. That county
Is credited with growing 24 per cent
of all the beans raised in the entire
United States, and has shipped train
loads to Boston and .vicinity. Santa
Clara County Is noted as a seed pro
ducing section, growing seeds for the
world. California raises the best bar
ley and is the barley State.
Secretary Willis notifies the counties
by circular sent out yesterday that it
Is desirable that all seeds and cereals
for exhibition In glass should be ship
ped to St. Louis In bags. This will
effect a saving In two ways— in pack-
Ing and in the cost of the freight on
the jars to St. Louis. Each county is
therefore requested to notify the Com
missioners at once as to the extent of
seeds and cereal exhibits to go on, so
that an order may be placed without
delay for the needed glass jars. , The
manufacturers are crowded with busi
ness and delay might be caused to Cali
fornia if orders are not placed very
soon. ..
Secretary Willis, of the California
commission to the St. Louis Exposition
has notified the committees of the
counties that will exhibit grains or
seeds at St. Louis that it is necessary
to move at once to secure the proper
means for Installation. Thirty-one out
of the fifty-seven counties in the State
are concerned as exhibitors of such
products.
Cereals and Seeds From California
Must Have Provision Made for
Proper Exhibition, v •
THIRTY-ONE COUNTIES
ARE URGED TO REPORT
. There will be a Thanksgiving concert
to-day at Golden Gate Park If the
weather permits. The following pro
gramme will be rendered: Patriotic
Bong, "The Old Flag Forever," Leila
France; Roosevelt March (new), Miss
H. Welcker; overture, "Semlramlde"
(Rossini); waltz, "Dream on the
Ocean" (Gungl); sacred song, "The
Holy City" (Adams) ;' grand American
fantasy, , Victor Herbert; march, "El
Salelrta," Leila France; overture,
"Morning, Noon and Night In Vienna"
(Suppe); caprice, "Hearts and Flow T
ers" (TobanI); comic opera selection,
"The Prince of Pllsen" (Leuders);
grand selection from "Carmen" (Bizet).
The Bethany and Bethlehem Congre
gational churches and the Trinity,
Lebanon, Memorial and Holly Park
Presbyterian churches unite In a
Thanksgiving service at the Bethany
Congregational Church, Bartlett
street, near Twenty-fifth. The sermon
will be preached by the pastor of Trin
ity Presbyterian Church. Rev. Edward
K. Strong.
The Sisters of the Holy Family will
give a Thanksgiving dinner to the
Children's Day Home to-day at 2 p. m.
at Hayes and Fillmore streets.
St. Peter's Church, Stockton and Fil
bert streets, f will hold the usual
Thanksgiving services. The sermon
will be by Rev. W. M. Bours.
Special Thanksgiving services will be
held at the Third Congregational
Church, Fifteenth street, near Mission,
at 11 a. m. Rev. William Rader will
deliver the sermon. The chorus choir
will be directed by William Stadtfeld
and will render the "Harvest Cantata."
At Emmanuel Baptist Church, Bart
lett, between Twenty-second and
Twenty-third streets. Rev. J. George
Gibson will preside and the following
programme will be carried out: Volun
tary. "Potpourri" (Cramer); hymn
"Onward, Christian Soldier"; invoca
tion; responsive reading, Psalm 146;
hymn, "All Hall the Power of Jesus'
Name"; barytone solo, -"The Earth is
the Lord's" (Huges); Rev. J. George
Gibson; Scripture reading. Phillppians
lv.. 4-9; Gloria Patri. Congregation
please rise and sing; soprano solo, "A
Song of Thanksgiving" (Allltsen), Mrs.
F. Thoroughman; prayer and Lord's
Prayer, chanted by congregation; of
fertory, "overture" (De Koven); tenor
solo, "Song of Praise," Mr. Otis M.
Carrington; short sermon by the pas
tor; hymn, "My Country 'tis of Thee";
benediction; recessional, march from
"Carmen"; organ. Miss Lotta Under
hill; assistant to organist, Miss Lillian
Bennett; piano. Miss Claire Weber.
Forty years ago" Minister Mirabello,
then a midshipman In the Italian navy,
visited this country and witnessed
some of the marine engagements be
tween the vesesls of the North and the
South. He had hoped to return this
way some day and spend several
months in the country, but his orders
are to hasten back to Rome.
will elng a specially selected musical
programme. Rev. E. Bradley will
preach the sermon.
The new Minister gained consider
able distinction in the navy as a cap
tain during the war with Austria and
later in connection with Marconi's first
efforts to perfect his wireless teleg
raphy system. It was aboard Mira
bello's -war vessel that Marconi made
his first experiments and the first dis
patch sent by this method from land
to a vessel was received by Mirabello
from the King of Italy.
The rear admiral, before going to the
Orient, spent some time supervising a
survey of the coasts of the Red Sea
and the Mediterranean. He also rep
resented the navy of his country at the
coronation of the King of England last
year. During his short stay in the
Orient Rear Admiral Mirabello direct
ed the establishment of a wireless tele
graph station at the Italian embassy in
Peking, with which several successful
experiments were made from the Italian
war vessels lying off the coast miles
away. The station is regarded by the
representatives of all the foreign coun
tries In China as a most important one,
in that it will serve as a valuable
means for communicating with war
vessels should there be a recurrence of
the previous troubles and Peking be
subjected to another blockade.
A disinguished member of the new
Italian Cabinet, Carlo Mirabello, Minis
ter of Marine, until recently rear a.6.-.
miral In command of the Oriental
squadron of the Italian navy,' accom
panied by his secretary, Lieutenant
Carlo Ffister, and his personal aid,
Lieutenant Domingo Cavanaro, arrived
from the Far East yesterday and is
registered at the ( Palace. The gentle
man Is hurrying home to enter upon
his new, duties, to which he was as
signed but a few weeks ago. As rear
admiral he was in command of the
Asiatic squadron only seven months,
having been assigned to duty there
from his position as chief of staff of
the former Minister of Marine of Italy.
Previous to that Mirabello was a sec
ond admiral in charge of the Mediter
ranean squadron.
Clarence Franklin, alias Charles Fal
lon, was convicted by a jury in Judge
Cook's court yesterday morning cm a
charge of burfflary In the first degree
and was ordered to appear for sen
tence on Saturday. The Jury was out
about an hour.
Franklin and "Babe" Curtin. an ex
convlct who is awaiting trial, broke
into William G. Schroeder's saloon, S25
Mission street, on the morning of
March 28. Special Officer Maloney tried
the doors of the saloon about 5 o'clock
in the morning and while he was walk
ing down an alley from which there
is a side entrance to the saloon Cur
tin, who was sitting on top of a fence
on the lookout, fired a shot at Maloney
and dropped from the fence into the
yard. Maloney blew a police whistle
and four officers responded. They en
tered the saloon and found that the
safe had been tampered with and pieces
of fuse, caps, powder, drills and other
safecracking implements had been left
behind.
Franklin and Curtin, after escaping
from the saloon by the rear door, 'ran
along to the rear of 919% Mission street
and made their way to the top floor,
entering a room occupied by W. N.
Broughton. One of them grabbed
Broughton by the throat,. pointed a re
volver at his head and threw him on
the bed, telling him if he did not keep
quiet he would be killed. They
told him that if any policemen came
to his room he was to tell them that
they were his friends and had been
drinking with him. They forcibly kept
Broughton in h*a room till about 9
o'clock in the morning. Several hours
later they were arrested In the notor
ious Baltimore House and Identified by
Broughton.
At St. Stephen's Episcopal Church, on
Fulton Etreot. the choir, under the di
rection of Professor Schulz, organist,
The. Church of the Advent. Eleventh
end Market streets, willjiold high cele
bration. In which Rev. C. N. Lathrop,'
Rev. W. H. Ratcllff and Rev. H. B.
Monger will officiate. Special music
will be rendered by a large male choir
vnder the direction of J. P. Teller,
organist.
Grace Methodist Church, corner of
Twenty-first and Capp streets, ! -will
hold union services at 10:30 a. m. Rev.
Francis M. Larkin will preside. The
following is the programme of the ser
vices: Doxology; Lord's prayer, led by
Rev. B. E. Paddock; psalm (responsive
reading). Rev. C. F. Brown; anthem,
"O Lord, How Manifold Are Thy
Works," choir; hymn. Rev. E. D. Raley;
prayer. Rev. John A. B. Wilson, D. D.;
tenor eoIo, "A Sons: of Praise." Mr.
Kutzman; proclamation, read by Rev.
A. C. Bane, D. D.; offertory, barytone
solo, "The Lord is My Shepherd." Mr.
Young; Scripture lesson. Rev. Clarence
Reed; hymn. Rev. C. O. Oxnam; ser
mon. Rev. G. W. White, D. D., of Cen
tral Church; hymn. Rev. F. A. Keast
benediction. Rev. J. N. Beard. D. D.
Musical director. Robert Husband.
Four Hebrew congregations— Emanu-
El. Sherith Israel, Beth Israel and
Chabi Shalome — will unite in a union
service at Kutter-street Temple at 11
o'clock. The sermon will be preached
by Rabbi Nieto. Rabbis Voorsanger,
Levy and Myers will participate. A
musical programme of unusual excel
lence has been prepared by Cantor E.
J. *Stark, who will direct a quartet con
sisting of Miss Daisy Conn, soprano;
Mrs. tfvelly. contralto; Xewton Vinson,
t?nor; S. Homer Henley, basso. The
quartet will be accompanied by a large
chorus augmented by the choirs of the
poveral synagogues. Walter R. Sabin
of St. Luke's Church will be the or
panist. The programme Is as follows:
Opening, one hundred and eleventh
psalm. Sulier; opening prayer. Rabbi
Myers; Scripture reading. Cantor
Stark; anthem. "Ye Shall Dwell In the
Land," Barnaby; sermon. Rabbi Nieto;
hymn, "All Praise to God." Wagner;
closing prayer; national anthem,
"America," choir and congregation;
benediction. Rabbi Voorsanger.
At St. Luke's, corner of Clay street
and Van Ness avenue, the morning
service will be conducted by Rev. Burr
M; Weeden; assisted by William S.
Hayes, curate. The sermon will be
preached by Rev. W. F. Nichols,
Bishop of California. An excellent
musical programme has been arranged.
The anthem will be. "I Will Sing of
Thy Power. O God" (Sullivan).
At the Cathedral Mission Rev. J. T.
Turney, priest in charge, will officiate.
A large choir of men and boys, under
the direction of Miss E. Brown, will
render a selected musical programme.
In all portions of the city to-day can
the people hear special Thanksgiving
services and music. Many have made
elaborate preparations for the observ
ance of this day of praise. Some have
consolidated with others and, united,
will. offer thanks for their well-being.
At the First Congregational Church,
corner of Mason and Post streets, the
people of that church and the First
Unitarian Church will unite their ser
vices. The sermon will be preached at
11 a. m. by the Rev. George C. Adams,
pastor of the First Congregational
Church. His theme will be. "Why Seek
a Better Country?" The choirs of both
churches have been combined and the
following music will be rendered: "Sing
Unto the Lord," Dr. H. J. Stewart;
"Fear Not Te, O Israel" and "O Lord,
How Manifold Are Thy Works." by the
choir; Mrs. Winchester, soprano of the
Unitarian Church, will sing for the of
fertory "With Verdure Clad." The or
ganists are H. Bretherick and Samuel
D. Mayer.
The people of this glorious State as a
whole can say to-day as Robert Burns
did in one of his pretty little poems:
Some hae meat and c&nna eat.
And soir.e would eat that want it;
But we hae meat, and we can eat,
fcae let the Lord be thankit.
though some may even think that of
<lod's goodness they have not received
their share. It Is well to remember
that there is always some poor soul
worse off than we.
Every one should give thanks to-day.
Every year since the Pilgrims of the
Mayflower landed at Plymouth Rock in
1620 a day of thanksgiving has been
observed with fitting services in the
churches, the sentiments of the people
being voiced in . the, little verse by
Thomas Miller:
Kept by thy goodness through the day.
Thanksgivings to thy name we pour;
Nl?ht o'er u*. with its tears, we pray
Thy love to guard us evermore.
In grief console — in gladness bless —
In darkriCFs guide — in sickness cheer —
T:!!. in the Savior's righteousness.
Before thy thrcne cur souls appear.
The city of San Francisco has been
extremely fortunate in receiving such
a vast share of blessings. Times have
been prosperous and the city has been
devoid of calamities.
This day of Thanksgiving no one. no
matter how poor, need go without a
turkey dinner. For those who are too
poor to provide the necessaries for a
dinner, those who are suffering from
the cold and sickness, the ladies of the
city and others have organized relief
•societies for the collection of food,
clothing and medicine, which have been
and will be distributed to the city's
poor in order that they, too, may give
thanks on this day of appreciation for
God's many works.
And taught' by thee the church prolongs
Her hymns ol high thanksgiving stili.
— Keb>.
The various churches about the city
will hold special services to-day and
jnve ¦ thanks to God for his bountiful
goodness during the year. The closing
year has been a particularly prosperous
or.e for almost every one. Few cases of
extreme poverty and want have come
to light. Work has been plentiful in all
lines of business, and every one who
would work has enjoyed a good living
in a climate and under conditions un
surpassed anywhere In the United
States.
While Commanding Asiatic
Squadron He Recsives
Promotion.
He and an Ex- Convict Break
Into Saloon and Shoot
at Officer.
Appreciation of God's Good
ness Will Be Mani
fest To- Day.
$1434; Korea, $1055; Vladivostock. $336.. The
leading extorts were as follows: - ...
To Japan— 510 bbls flour. (520 bales cotton,
'-•."00 lbs . euKar, 2140 lbs chocolate, 2271 lbs
15 cs dried fruit, 407 cs canned goods, 71 pkgs
groceries and provisions, 5114 lbs cheese, 30*4
lbs ham and bacon. 120 lbs hops, 5.J pkgs
fresh fruits. C8 cs table preparations, 308 gals
wine, 40 pkgs candy, 401 Ib3 butter, 45 ctl<«
corn. 2000 lbs coffee 1700 lbs meals. 370 lbs
rals-ins. 210 lbs codfish, 4 cs whisky, 21 pkgs
paste, 10 cs spices, aO bdls shobks, Kl pgks
machinery, 23 rools 1 cs leather. 40 pkgs bi
cycles and sundries. .'!9 pkffs drugs and sun
dries, 48 pkgs roofing, 100 flasks quicksilver.
11 bales hose, 10 cs soap, 0 cits paper, 7«
bdls 1 pes pipe, 100 pkss paints. « cs steel.
To China— 10,155 bbls flour. 1093 lbs beans.
SOO lbs codfish. 1985 lbs 2 cs meals, lbs
6 cs cheese, 300 lbs hops, 1321 lbs ham and
bacon, 11.CS7 lbs dried flsh. «25 lbs dried
fruit. 257 cs canned goods. 2C0 gals wine 0000
Ihe pearl barley. 6040 lbs chocolate, IB ce
h-almon. 511 pkgs fresh fruits. 1000 lbs ¦ peas,
67 pkgs machinery, 2S16 lbs ginseng. 340 lbs
lard. 14,672 lbs smoked meat. 5392 lbs brass,
C pkgs bicycles and sundries. 1 roll leather.
12 pkgs assaying material. 70 bxs soap, 1457
lbs 1 cs tobacco. , . -
To Manila— C28 pkgs groceries and pro
visions, 5 bbls flour, 44 cs liquors 4.6 gals
106 cs whisky, 454 cs canned goods, /l ; 0 lbs
dried fruit. 1 cs bread. 143 pkgs fresh fruits,
802 ca mineral water. 5400 lbs lard, 2555 lbs
nuts, 15C0 pkgs bottled beer. 100 ba-es hay,
750 lbs glucose. 1500 lbs coffee. 4>.O3 lbs
shrimps, 6947 lbs smoked meat, 105, pk*s ma
chinery, 27 kegs white lead. 13 bbls oil, * cs
paints, S3 pkgs 32 dcs pipe, 115. "> lls 51 cs
paper, 87 cs boots and shoes, 20 pkgs Plumbing
supplies. 86 pkgs electrical supplies 235 bdls
shooks. CO, COO ft lumber, 12 bales hose. 3 cs
rubber goods, 1575 lbs starch, 3UJ bxa soap.
0 cs drugs. 10 rolls leather, 28 cs hats, 5
bales twine. 1S4 pkga Ice plant, 1018 pkgs ink.
To East Indies— 496 cals wine, 189 cs canned
g °To 8> K?rea-125 "bbis fl»ur^25 cs canned
goods. 5 pkgs fresh fruits. 300 lbs meal. 2S9
gals wine. 600 lbs lard. 15 pksm froceries^ and
provisions. 22 cs table preparations 4 pkgs
machinery, 400 lbs sugar. 1 bx dry goods. 1 cs
electrical supplies. »_,i«. xn
To Vladivostock— 2500 lbs dried fruit. 50
pkgs fresh fruit, 5 cs canned fruit.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office. U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco. Cal..
November 25, 1903.
The Time Ball was not to-day.
Wires down. J. C. BURNETT,
Lieut., U. S. N., in Charge.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Time and Heights of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to ban Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent. . '
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at the
city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25 min
utes later than at Fort Point; the height of tide
is the same at both places. .
The Occidental and Oriental Steamship
Company's Gaelic, Captain William Finch,
sailed yesterday for the Orient. On this trip
the Gaelic calls at. Manila, for which port she
has a score of passengers and 2000 tons of
cargo. Her freight included a large shipment
of flour and in her Manila cargo was consider
able lumber.
The Gaelic's passengers included the follow
ing named:
For Yokohama — Hoe Sang.
Kobe — F. J. Bardens, Mrs. F. J. Bardens and
child.
Nagasaki — J. T. Forth.
Manila — Clarence Allen,- Mrs. Clarence Allen,
J. O. Batchelor, T. H. Cassldy. Rev. R. V. B.
Dunlap, Mrs. R. V. B. Dunlap and child, A. D.
E. Elmer, Mrs. A. D. E. Elmer, Acton Haven,
J. F. Holaday. William Jessup, S. C. Johnston,
T. J. Owen, Leopold Roeder, L. T. Rohrer, .P.
A. Staples, George Welborn. Mrs. W. C. Wei
born.
Hongkong — Jock Sal, .Henri Wegelin, Chen
Puhwanr.
Join at Honolulu — C. Graham, A. J. Coffeo,
C. H. Goodwin.
Gaelic Sails for Orient.
The British steamship Moana from Sydney,
while entering the Victoria quarantine station
at William Head on Tuesday night, struck on
the rocks where she remained several hours.
She carried away her rudder and sustained
some damage to her hull. The Moana be
longs to the Union Steamship Company and
formerly ran between the Antipodes and thi&
port in connection with the Oceanic Steam
ship Company's Alameda and Mariposa. Cap
tain Carey, the Mo&na's commander, stands
high as a navigator and when coming to this
port was famous for his skill in getting his
ihip alongside the wharf. With the exception
of Captain Seabury. commander of the Korea,
Captain Carey had no equal in this accomplish
ment. He has ripped apart many feet of
Mout wharf structure in his day and has had
Innumerable close shaves, but whatever hap
pened he found his comfort in telling his critics
"You cannot handle a ship unless the is mov
ing. The faster she moves the better she
handles^ and she cannot handle too well ¦ to
suit me."
Moana Strikes Rocks.
The Pacific Mail Company's steamship New
port, Captain Saunders, -which arrived yester
day from Panama and way ports, left the isth
mus the day before the new republic declared
its Independence. Although the impending rev
olution was casting its shadow over Panama
when the liner left, the Newport's officers had
no idea the change was to come so soon. "You
will hear something from Panama by the time
you get to San Francisco," was as much light
a» the Far.aroaiane volunteered on the subject,
and the story of the revolution, now ancient
history here, was news to the people on the
Newport when they arrived yesterday.
The Newport brought 701 tons of cargo and
treasure valued at $38,475. She brought thirty
five passengers, among whom were the follow
ing named:
Hee Sang, Leon Jim Chow, On Ling, Emma
L. Miller. Maria W. Mather, Victor Mather,
Panteleona Glos, Harry H. Taft, Edith A.
Taft.
Newport Arrives From Panama.
The Japanese steamship Hongkong
Maru, Captain Filmer, which arrived
yesterday from the Orient, was to all
appearances lightly laden, but in splto
of the bulk of her that loomed out'of
the water her hold contained 3000 tons
of valuable merchandise. Of this the
most precious was a shipment of riw
silk, 949 bales of it, worth more than
$600,000. She also brought from Manila
2900 bales of hemp and the second con
signment of the Philippine exhibit for
the St. Louis exposition. This latter
consists of fine hard wood, carved and
modeled sections of a Filipino house,
all ready to be put together by the na
tive artisans already in St. Louis. The
Hongkong also brought from Japan
some similar material for the exposi
tion. Of the Filipino exhibit about 1000
tons more is still to come.
While at Hongkong the liner under
went her Government trial and proved
herself .778 of a knot faster than the
official requirements. She made 17.778
knots and passed a satisfactory inspec
tion in every other respect.
O. G. Freeman, who was purser of
the liner when she left here, resigned
from the service and remained at Ma
nila, where he is now in charge of tho
shipping department of Castle Bros. &
Wolff. Freight Clerk Roberts as
sumed Freeman's duties on the liner
and proved* himself a worthy successor
to one of the best pursers that ever
sailed between here and the Orient.
The Hongkong's passengers included
the folowing named:
From Hongkong — F. E. Eltonhead, ! Lieuten
ant H. G. Macfarlar.d, Mrs. W. D. Thiehkult,
G. Brockmann.
Shanghai — John Goodnow, Mrs. J. Goodnow,
Miss Coffin, Dr. E. M. Shipp. U. S. N..
Kobe— A. C. Bryer, J. B. McCloskey, K.
Umehara.
Yokohama — J. Becker, Dr. E. Bedloe. J. W.
Cate. J. Kennedy, A. H. Stewart, J. Fujihira.
O. -Kal, R. M. Cumberledge, Lieutenant D.
Cavagrnarl. Rear Admiral C. Mirabello, Lieu
tenant C. Pflster, Picone Lonenzo, Sir David
Evans, J. P. T. Evans, M. Evans, K. Tatsmirl,
Mrs. Tatsmirl, Miss K. Evans.
Carlos Mirabello Bound
for Home to Accept
New Position.
Some Years.
Clarence Franklin Will
Wear Stripes for
Special Services to Be
Held in Various
Churches.
NEW YORK— Sailed Nov 25^-Stmr Staten
dam, for Rotterdam and Boulogne; stmr Teu
tonic, for Liverpool.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Nov 25— Stmr Cor
inthian, from Montreal.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Nov 25— Stmr Iver
nla, from Liverpool, for Boston.
LONDON— Arrived Nov 25— Stmr Columbian,
from Boston.
i^SS?5SSgSt^ 2 *- stmr Belgen 
x, S , 0 ,F TH , AMPTON — bailed Nov 25 — Stmr
Moltke, from Hamburg, for New York, via
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Nov 25— Br etmr Doric
for San Francisco.
SINGAPORE— Arrived Nov 24— Br stmr
Richmond Castle, from New York.
VICTORIA— Arrived Nov 25— Br stmr Mo
ana, from Sydney.
ANTWERP— Sailed Nov 23 — Ger bark Al
tatr, for San Francisco. •
&£i OCEAN STEAMERS. .
NEW YORK-r-Salled Nov 24— Stmr City of
Washington, for Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
EASTERN PORT.
HONOLULU— Sailed Nov 24 — Stmr Korea,
for Hongkong; stmr Ventura, for San Fran
cisco.
Arrived Nov 25 — Stmr Sonoma, hence Nov
10, for Sydney.
ISLAND PORT.
ASTORIA— Arrived Nov 25 — Stmr Nome
City, from Seattle; stmr Navarro, from Coos
Bay.
TACOMA— Arrived Nov 25— Schr King Cy
rus, hence Nov 18; schr Rosamond, hence 12.
Sailed Nov 25— Schr J M Colman. for San
Pedro; schr David Evans, for Sydney: synr
Acme, for Montesanc, hence Nov 22.
WHATCOM— Sailed Nov 25— Ship Spartan,
for San Francisco.
PORT BLAKELET— Arrived Nov 25— Schr
Mindoro, hence Nov 17.-
FAIRHAVEN— Arrived Nov 25— Schr Reso
lute, hence Nov 18.
EUREKA^Arrived ,Nov 25— Stmr Pomona,
hence N0VT24.
Arrived Nov 25 — Br bark Weat York, from
Honolulu; «chr Bertha Dolbeer, from San
Diego.
SEATTLE — Arrived Nov 24 — Stmr Dirigo.
from Skag-way. Nov 25 — Stmr Geo Loom is,
hence Nov 21; stmr Umatilla, hence Nov 22.
Sailed Nov 25— Stmr City of Puebla, for San
Francisco. . '
Sailed Nov 25— Stmr Montara, for San Fran
cisco, via Everett; stror.Geo Loomis, for San
Francisco.
WESTiPORT— Sailed Nov 25— Stmr West
port, for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Nor 25— Nor
bark Rokeby Hall, from Panama.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Nov 25— Schr Ca
mano, for San Francisco. •
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed Nov 25— Br ship
Cambuskenneth, for Melbourne
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Nov 25— Stmr Cen
tralia and schr G W Watson, from Redondo.
Sailed Nov 25 — U S stmr Hugh McCulloch,
for .
ABERDEEN — Arrived Nov 25 — Stmr Grac«
Dollar, hence Nov 22.
TILLAMOOK— Sailed Nov 24 — Schr C T
Hill, for San Francisco. :
TATOOSH — Passed out Nov 25— Br ship
Slieve Bawn, from Tacoma, for Callao.
. PORT ANGELES— Arrived Nov 25— Brig "W
G Irwin. hence Nov 8, for Roche Harbor.
REDONDO— Arrived- Nov 25 — Stmr Centra
lla, hence Nov 23.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LOBOS, Nov:25, 10 p m— Weather
thick; wind NE, velocity 6 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
' Per Ger «tmr Nicaria— Nov 23. lat 42 50 N.
Ion 126 40 W, schr Louis, from South Bend,
for San Franciaco; all well.
SAILED.
"Wednesday, November 23.
Stmr Coos Bay, Nicolson, San Pedro.
Stmr Eureka. Jesaen, Eureka.
Stmr Pennsylvania, Boggs, Comox.
Stmr Alcazar. Martin. Point Arena.
Stmr South Coast, Olsen. Caspar.
Stmr Santa Monica. Olsen, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Phoenix. Odland, Mendoclno.
Stmr Arctic, Reiner, Eureka.
Stmr Redondo. Kros, Eureka. /
U S stmr Petrel, Caopan. Santa Barbara.
% Br stmr Gaelic, Finch, Hongkong, etc, aad
Manila. ¦¦
Bktn Retriever. Sloan, Port Hadlock.
Bchr R C Slade, Sonorud. Grays Harbor.
Schr Carrie and Annie, Ekrem, Ponaoe.
SPOKEN..
CLEARED. .
. Wednesday, November 25.
Stmr State of California. Thomas, San Diego:
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
B r , stmr Gaelic, Finch, Hongkong, etc. and
Manila;. 9 & O SS Co.
_Br ship Fata of Balmaha. Graham, Port
Townsend; J & A Brown.
Hongkong Mam's Freight Includes Rare Hardwoods From the
Philippines and Japan for the Exposition at St. .Louis and
a Big Shipment of Raw Silk Valued at More Than $600,000
kohama 16 days 11 hours 3 minutes, via Hono
lulu 5 days Z> hours 4 minutes.
Stmr Fulton, l^e, 44 hours from San Pedro.
Oer Btmr Nlcaria, Rubarth, 5 days from Se
attle; put in to Hnlsh loading.
Schr Chaa E Falk, Henningsen, 12 days from
Coos Bay. • . ,
WILL OBSERVE
THANKSGIVING
ITALY'S MARINE
MINISTER HERE
HOLD BURGLAR
IS CONVICTED
JAPANESE LINER BRINGS A CARGO
OF PRECIOUS ORIENTAL PRODUCTS
THE SAN FBAKCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 1903.
Movements of Steamers. .
12
A; FULL PAGE .» PICTURE
..OF THE
MOST STTJITNING . GIRL
IN SAN FRANCISCO.
NEXT SUNDAY CALL.
. RAILWAY TRAVEL.
g CALIFORNIA
I LIGHTED TO CHIOAGO |
H Leaves Mondays find Thursday*
R at 0:30 a. m., through In 8 days,
ft with diner and all trappings.
Other Santa Fa Trains :
llv\ ?' ™* I 1or Stockton. Fresno, Bakersfield,
8 : 00 £ m.' ) Merced, Hanford and VU»1U.
4.00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
Ticket Offic*: 641 Market St., and Ferry
Depot. S. P. Also 11U Broadway, Oak-
land, Cal.
CALIFORNIA NORTH.WESTERN RY. CO.
SAN FRANCISCO AN J NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Perry. Foot of Market Street.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAXT BAFAEI..
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 9:00. ll:0o a, in.; 12:oo.
3:^0. 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays^ — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. .
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:00. 0:S0. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
5:00, 6:20. 11:30 p. m.
SAN EAFAEL TO SAN FEANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «3:O3. 7:35. 7:S0. 8;-JU. 11:15
a. m.: 12:50, 3:40, 5:CO, 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8 :0O. 9:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
4:55, 5:03, 6:25 p. m.
Leave In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. Sept. 27, 1903. |San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Destina- I Sun- | Week
Days. I dayg. | tlon. ' | days. | Days.
7:30 a 8:00 a 9:10 a 8:40 a
9:30 a Ignacio. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 3::t0p 6:05 p 620 p
5:10p 5:C0p • ' • 7 :35 p
7:30 a 9:10 a! 8:40 a
8:00 a Xovato. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:o0p 9:30 a Petaluma 6:05 p 6:20 d
5:10 p 3:30 p and 7:35 p
5:00 p Santa Rosa.
7:3Oa o «« I 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30p llgggj FUltOn - 7:35 p 6:20 p
Windsor. I
7:30 a 8:COa Healdsburg, 10:40allO:20a
Lytton.
3:30 p 3:30 p Geyservllle. 7:35 p 6-*0 x>
I Cloverdale.
1 : 22 a l 5 : .°J? a J Hopiand 110:40 a!lO:20 a
3:30 pf 3:30 p( and Uklah. | 7:35 pj 6:20 p
7:30 a| 8:00 a| Wllllte. |7:35p|6:20p
7:30 a S:00a[ I10-40all0-2ft a
_3 :30p ;::30pf Guerneville. |? :35 p| 6. : 2U %
7:30 al 8:00 al Sonoma. I 0:10 al 8*40 a
5:10p|5:C0p| Glen Ellen. | 6:05 p| 6:20 p
3:30 p|3:30^| Sebastopol. iT-as pPtjI-Jo p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentin; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altruria and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at Gey-
Bervltle for Skaugs Springs; at Cloverdalft for
the Geysers, Booneville and Greenwood" at
Hoplanrt for Duncan Springs. Highland Sprines
Kelseyville. Carlsbad Sprines. Soda Bay Lakel
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Poaio
Totter Valley, John Day's. Riverside. Uerly's
BuckneWs. Sanhedrln Heights, Hullville. Orr's
Hot Springs. Halfway House, Comptche Camu
Stevens, Hopkins,' Mendoclno City. Fort 'Bra "g
Westport. Ilsal: at Willita for Fort Bragg*
Westport. Sherwood. Cahto, Covello, Layton-
ville. Cumminrs. Bell's Springs, Harris, Ol-
sen's. Dyer. Garberville, Pepperwood. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
•duced rates.
On Sunday round-trio tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 630 Market street. Chronicle
building.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manasrer. Gen. Paaa. Agt.
@Sp@^|5@j TO SAN RAFAEL
f$ggj|yf^ ROSS VALLEY,
CAZADERO, ETC.
Suburban Service. Standard Gauge Electric —
Depart from San Francisco Daily— 7:00. 8:00,
9:00 10:00. 11:00 a. m., 12:20. 1:45. 3:15 4:15
5:15*.' 0:15 7:00.8:45. 10:20. 11:43 p. m
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Dally — 5:25. 6:35. 7:40, 8:35. 0:35. 11:05 a
m.. 12:2O 1:45. 2:55. 3:45. 4:43. 5:45 6:43"
8:45 10:20 p. m. ¦ ¦ ¦ •» ' »
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO— Dally— 5:45. 6:55. 7:52. S:55, 0:55,
ll:2u a. m.. 12:35. 2:00, 3:15, 4:05, 5:03, tt:05.
7:05 9:00. 10:35 p. m
THROUGH TRAINS.
- 8:00 a. m. dally — Cazadero and way stations.
¦5:15 p. m.- week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Tomales and way stations.
. 3:15 p. m. Saturdays^ — Cazadero and way *ta-
tlons.-, »
Sundays only — 10 a." m:. Point Reyes and way
stations. •¦ '
TICKET OFFICE— 628 Market «t.
FERRY— Union Depot. loot of Market «t. 4
BAILWAT TRAVEL.
The Only Doable-Track Railway Between
the Missouri River and Chicago.
The
The Most Luxurious Train in the World.
Electric Lighted Throughout.
Buffet-smoking cars, with barber
and bath, Booklovers Library, din-
ing cars, standard and compartment
sleeping cars and observation cars.
Less than three days San Francisco
to Chicago daily without change, via
Southern Pacific,
Union Pacific and
Chicago & Northwestern Rys.
Leares San Francisco daily at io.oo a.m. Two
other trains daily at 8.co a. m. and 6.=o p. m.
For tickets, sleepinsr car reservations and
full information apply to agents Southern
Pacific Co., or i
• - - ;., .- .-.. .-• ¦-¦ K.i 1 ' ¦
R. R. RITCHIE,
Genera! Agent Chicago & North- Western Railway.
617 Market Street,
SAX FSASCISCO. CAL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Train* leave nn«l sr«daetoitrriTe»t
SAN FUASCISCO.
(Main Line, root of M»rlte: Street )
LUM — FBUM XOV«MBKR Z3. 1'jUa. — A»B1T»
7X(U Vacanile. Wlntem. Kmnsey 7 55?
7.0U* Benlcia. Sul-uin, Elmtraaad S.icrv
menu* 7.25*
7.31U Tallejo. Kar«v. CalUtosm. SanU
Hosa. Martinez. Saa lUroon 6-25V
7-30* Klle«. Llvermore, Tracy, Lathrop.
Stockton 7-25*
8-OOa EhaatA Express — (Via Darts),
WIIIIsem (for Bartlett Spring*),
Willows. +Fruto. Ked Bluff,
Portlaa-I. Tacoina. Seattle 7-55?
8-00 a Darts. Woodland. Knights Landing.
Marysrllle, Orortne 7.55*
8-SOa Port Costa. Martinez. Anttocb.
Byron, Tracy. Stockton. New-
man, Los Uanos. Jl e n d o t a,
Armona, Haaford. Vital la.
PorterTllle 4.251"
8.33a Port Costa, Martin**, Tracy. L*tn-
rop. Modesto, Mercei. Fresno.
6oaaen Junction. Hanford.
Vtsalta. Bakersneld 4.55»
8-30* Klles, San Jose, Llveroiorn. Stock-
ton, (tMllton). lone. Sacramento,
Placer* llle, MarysTllle, Calco.
Red Bin ff 4.23*
8.30a Oakdale. Chinese. Jamestown. So-
nora. Taolamue and Angels 4.25?
9.00 a Atlantic Expreas— Ogden and East. 11.25 a
9.30a Richmond, Martinez and Way
Stations • 8-55*
1000a The Orerland Limited — Osden.
Denver. Omaba, Chicago 6 25f
10.00a Vallejo- 12.2S*
10-00^ Los Antreles Passenger — Port
Costs, Martinez. Byron, Tracy,
Lathrop. Stockton. Merced,
Raymond. Fresno. Goshen Junc-
tion, Hanfo'd. Lemoore. Vlsalla.
Bakersfleld. Lot Angfeles 7-25f
12.C0m Bayward. Klles and Way Station*. 325c
ti-OOr Bacnmento RlT-er Steamers til. 007
3 30r Benlcla, Winters. Sacramento.
Woodland. Knights Landing.
UarysTllle, OroTllle and way
stations '923*
3.S0r Haywar'l, Miles and Way Stations.. 7.55s?
3.30r Port Costa, Martinez. Byron.
Tracy, Lathrop. Modeito,
- Merced. Fresno and Way Sta-
tions beyond Port Costa 12.2S>
SSOr Martinez, Tracy. 8tocfcton. Lodl... 1025a
4 OOr Martinez. Snn Ramon. ValleJo.Kapa,
CaUstogA, Sitnta Ro*s 925*.
4 00p Nile*. Tracy. Stockton. Lodi 4.25?
4 30r Hayward. KHes. Irrtngton. Sank t8.55A
Jose. Llrermore I 111.55a
6 OOr The Owl Limited— Xewmm. Lo*
Banos. Mendota. Fresno. TuU.-e.
BakersQeld. Los Angeles 8-55a
6X0p Port Costa. Tracy. Stockton 12-2Sr
t5 30r Hayward, Nlles and San Joso 7.25a
6 -0 0 p H ay ward. K lies and San J ose 9. S&a
6.C0r Eastern Expresa — Opl<-n. Denrer,
Omaha. St. Louis. Chicago and
East. Port Costa. Benlcla, Sul-
sun. Elmlra, Darts. Sacramento,
Rocklln. Auburn. Col fax,
Trnckee. Boca. Ueno. Wads-
worth, Wlnnemacca 5 25*
6 OOr Tallejo, daily, except Sunday.... t 7 ..,
700r Vallejo, Sunday only f ' oor
7£0t Richmond. 8an Pablo. Port Costa,
Martlno* and Way Station* 11.25a
8-CGr Oregon A California Express— Sac-
ramento. MarysrtUe. Redding.
Portland, Pnget Sound and East. 3.55a
9.10f Bayward, Klles and San Jose (Sua-
dayonly) 11.55*.
COAST LINE (Sarraw tia B5 ej.
(Foot of Market Street.)
8.15a Kewark, Centerrllle. Saa Jose,
Felton. Bouiacr Creek, Santa,
Cruz and Way Stations 5-53*
t2.16r Newark. Centerrllle. San Jose,
New Almaden.Los Gatos, Felton.
Boulder Creek. Santa Cruz and
Principal Way Stations 1 10-55 a
4ASr Newark, San Jose, Los Gatos and ) »855 A
way station* * J10 55*.
«9-3Cr Hunter* Train. Saturday only. Saa
Jose and Way Stations. Return-
Ing from Lou Oaton 8tin<1»y only. t7 2S»>
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAK M:A> CISCO, foot of Market St. (SlIpO
— 1;:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. 1.00 3 CO 515 r.x.
rrom OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — +«:0O t2:M
VS-.OS 10:00 a.m. 1200 200 400p.m.
COAST LINE (Broad ti*»«).
f«7~(l'nlrd and t'oTni'end Streets.)
6.10a San Jose and Way Stations 6 .50
7 00a Saa Jo«e and Way Stations..... ... 5.3S?
8 00 a New Almaden (Tues.. Frld.. on?y\ 4-10*
800a Coast Line Limited— Stopsonly Saa
Jose. Gtlroy (connection for Bol-
llster). Pajaro. Cantrorllle, Sa-
linas. San Ardo. Paao Roblea.
6anta Margari (a. San Luis Oblspow
Principal stations thence Surf
(connection for Lompoc) princt-
pal (tatlons thence Saata Bar-
bara and Lo* Angeles. Connec-
tion at C.vitroviiie to and from
Monterey and Pacific Grore 19-4SV
CCOa San Jose. Tres Plnos. Capltola.
SantaCruz.PaciocOrore.Saltnaa,
S.-in Luis Obispo and Principal
Way Station* 4-10»>
10 30* Saa Jose and Way Station* 1.20?
1130a Santa Clara, San Jose. Los Gato*
aad Way Stations 7.30
l.iur E*nJo«e and Way Stations B-3S-A
i.tlli- Pacific Grore Express — SantaClara
Ban Jo««?. Del Monte. Monterey,
Pacific Grove (connects at Santa
Clara for Saata Cruz. Boulder
CreeS and Narrow Oause Points)
•t GUroy for HoUlster. Tre*
Plao*. at.CastrnTlMe forSallna*. 12.15*
3-30r Tres Plnos Way Pas*en*er 910.45 a
14 4 or ban Joee. (rl» SantaClara) Los —
Gato*. and Principal Way Sta-
_ tlon* (except Sunday) t9-12A
le "3S* S»nJoseandPrlacip»lWayStatlon» fS.OiU
B.COr Sunset Limited.— lledwo. d. Saa
Jose, Cilroy .Sallnaa, Paso Koble*.
Ean Lul* Obispo, Sanu Barbara,
Lo* Ansrelm, Deminp. Kl P«*o.
New Orleans. Srw York.' Con-
nect* at Pajaro for Sant* Crua
and at Ca»iroTtlI« for Pacific
.. .Grove and Way Stations 7.10a
Ti.lBr Ean Mateo.Beresford.tteimont.Saii
Carlo*. Redwood. Fair Oak*
Menlo Park. Palo Alto t643A
».?0r Eaa Jose and W*y Station* 6.35a
11 -30r South San Francisco. M ilibra*. Bnr-
llpxame. San Matco. Belmont.
S-.-.a Carlos. Redwood. Fatr Oaks.
Menlo Park, and Palo Alto 9 43.-
a11.30r May field. Mountain View. Sunny-
1 rale. Lawrence. Santa Clara and
San Jo*e t9.45r»
A for Morning. P tor Afternoon *
; Sunday only.
i Stopa at all stations on Sunday.
t bandar excepted. a Saturday only.
Or" Only trains stopping »t Valencia St. *oatabo«4
«rct:10A..M.,7:00A.M., U:S0A.».,3:U>r.M.*nd 6:30r.«.
Mt, Tamalpais Railway
Leave Vi» Sjiualia ftrrj Arrive .
Saa Francisco f wt tt Mirkrt St. Sao FrancUco
Week Sun- , "Jl'«Li Sun- Wee*
Days. I days XS*j3£*jH . d*V» Dnys.
•ia.00i*8:O»A r^Cti^feia l*:O& p f6:40~l
•l:45r »:OOa \£&»G§*ar 1:25* 2:5J|.
1I:OOa \$j&W *-~;Or 9:S0r
•Comet witt itiya far Plyaaa «*4 Ylllow Cam
TICIM J &J6 Makjckt ST..(North Shore RailroadT
6tT'.:U I and Sausauto Fsrbv Foot MarkatSt.
Weekly Call, $1 per YearN'EtV YORK. Nov. 25.— A number of indas
irial stocks Buffer' d wide breaches In their
valuation again to-day In continuation of the
process which wan eo conspicuous In yester
day's dealings- Some cf the weaker stocks
then were acutely affected to-day while new
rintg were brought into the movement. There
vas little In the way of upeclflc news to ac
"¦unt lor the decline, and those concerning
»hich there * six Bean were not the most
acutely affected. Fluctuation* In Colorado
f«'-l se«n»ed to reprf-oent varying views of the
rr- vision cia<".e for the capital needed by the
»*:e r>t coal and iron lands to the company.
>u t-=r«llng the railroad '-quipmrnt etocks It raa
8rrue<i that iriurh of the r*-tcr.t enormous Jn
crfjtfe la rsJlroad equipment was owing to the
"Wheat— Nov. Mar.-June.
Opening 20 80 20 05
Closing 20 70 20 00
Flour —
Opening 2!) 10 2S 35
Closing 28 05 28 30
Wheat — Dec. March. May.
Opening « 5% 6 4>i « 2%
Closing • 66S 04 6 2%
Foreign Futures.
Provisions.
Chicago was lower and tame. There was
nothing new here. :
¦¦- CURED MEATS— Bacon, 12c per lb for
heavy, 12%ofor light medium. 14%c for light.
15%c for extra light, 18%c for sugar-cured
and 20021 %c for extra sugar-cured ; Eastern
eugar-cured Hams 14%c; California Hams.
13%c: Mess Beef. $11 60 per bbl; extra Mess,
$12012 RO; Family. $13; prime Mess Pork, $18;
extra clear $24; Mess. $19; Dry Salted Pork,
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm: creamery. ie®24c; dairy.
14'@lSc; eggs steady at mark, cases included,
23c; cheese. 10%c.
Flour, barrel*
Wheat, bushels •
Corn. ¦ bushels •
Oats, bushels
Rye. bushels
Barley, bushels
Receipts. . Shipments.
. .. 30,200 19.0C0
...392,700 61,100
...230,200 414,900
. . .353,800 146,000
EASTERN MARKETS.
Anthony Zlska, a racetrack follower,
was booked at the City Prison yester
day by Detectives O'Dea and Mulcahey
on comolalnt of Peter Lewln of the
Southern Pacific detective bureau on a
charge of burglary. Zlska la accused
of having entered Lewln'a stable at
511 Grove street on Monday and carry
ins away a set of harness valued at
$50, which. Lewin says, he sold to j a
harness-maker at Twelfth and Mission
streets. Lewin notified CDea and Mul
cahey and on Tuesday evenfhg they
captured Zlska when he called at the
same shoo to sell a bridle and a pair
of rubber boots. Zlska Is also accused
of stealing: a set of harness from Gal
lagher's stables, 637 Grove street, and
another set from W. Levy's staples on
Laguna street.
Harness His Specialty.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour
quiet and easier; No. 3 spring wheat. 80@$l%c;
No 2 red. 82%6S4c; No. 2 corn. 42c; No. 2
yellow. 43*Jc; No. 2 oats, 34?«c: No. 3 white,
35%®3Sc: No. 2 rye. 63c; good feeding barley,
35©3Sc: fair to choice malting. 43@53c; No. 1
flaxseed. 01c: No. 1 Northwestern. 07%c: prime
timothy-seed. $2 95; mess pork, per bbl.
$11 12%«?11 25: lard, per 100 lbs. $6 40®6 42%:
short ribs sides (loose). ?« 37%@6 25; short
clear sides (boxed). $6 37%@6 60; whisky,
basis of high wines, $1 25; clover, contract
grade. $10 S5. .
The circular of Somers &.Co. says of hay:
"Because of tho stormy weather, shipments
of hay have been quite light during the past
week as has also been the demand. The
total * arrivals amount to but 1500 tons. 100
tons lc«s than for the week preceding. The
dealers congregate at the hay cars "each
morning, but most of them go away without
purchasing, preferring to clean out their barns
before buying at the present range of prices.
We cannot but bellev«. howewr, that there
will be no decline for some time to come. Tho
car shortage will bo a very important factor
in maintaining price*, and when cars are sup
plied after the first of the year it is but
reasonable to suppose that the demand will
have been bo improved as to still keep prices
from declining. This, of course, in view of
the fact that country stocks are none too
plentiful to supply our needs until the ad
vent of the new crop. The Government has
Just advertised again for 6000 tons of hay for
Manila. The last order was placed at Seattle,
so it Is expected that this order will be pierced
here In any event our market will probably
bo benefited by the shipment, for in all prob
ability if Puget Sound supplies the hay they
will have to come here to help replenish their
stocks. From all reports, therefore, it would
seem as though the future of the market will
be established at perhaps even higher figures
than the present quotations.
Alfalfa shipments • have about stopped by
w*ter arrivals by schooner now being chiefly
grain- hay from the bay warehouses. Good
wheat hay constitutes the majority of the ship
ments by car with a scarcity of stock hay and
the cheaper grades of horse hay."
BRAN-$2O@21 Person.
MIDDLINGS— $2ti©28 per ton.
PHOUTri— J20<821 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $24 50@25 per
ten: Oilcake Meal at. the mill.- $264726 50; job
bing $27<R27 r>0: Cocoanut Cake, $21@22; Corn
Meal, $30@31; Cracked Corn, §30 60@31 50;
All descriptions under this head remained
unchanged yesterday. Receipts were mod
erate.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $4 6O@
4 85. usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 50#4 60;
Oregon and Washington, $3 80@4 20 per bbl for
Family and $3 8O<04 40 for Bakers'.
M1LLBTUFFS— Prices In packages are as fol
lows: Graham Flour, 13 25 per 100 lbs; Rye
Flour, $3 25; Rye Meal. $3; Rice Flour. $7;
Corn Meal, $3 25; extra cream do, $1; Oat
Groats $4 60; Hominy. $4@4 25; Buckwheat
Flour. $4 50<34 7.">; Cracked Wheat. $3 75: Fa
rina, $i 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats, bbls, $7 1'5@8 60; In sacks, $6 75(gS 10;
Pearl Barley, $«; Split Peas, boxes. $7; Green
Peas. XT, 50 per 100 lba.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Articles— Open. High. Low. Clo*e.
Wheat No. 2 —
December (new) 79T4 ROMl 70% 79%
May ""•% 70% 70 7»U
July 74?, 75 74H 74^
Corn No. 2 —
December 4294 «%. 41 % 41'4
May 42^ 42X* 411$ 4 iy
July 41% 41% 41% 41»J
OaU No. 2—
December r.4% 341* 34 84%
May 35^ 35% 35 85Vi
July 33U 33U S3\(, 23%
Mess Pork, per bbl —
January 11 22^ 11 25 11 00 11 00
May 11 32% 11 37% 11 12% 11 12>4
Lard, per 100 lbs — .
January 6 3* 6 37% 6 27% 6 27%
May 6 45 6 47% 6 37% 6 37%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs —
May « 02% 6 02% 5 02% 6 02%
January 5 S7% 5 00 5 75 5 75
»-«sl*r!y n-jrid*.
Neiarfa- Fair Thursday.
ban r>fe!,ri£co and x-Jclnltjr — Fair TTmrsdajr,
peaaAiy ram by n!irht; light north wlndu,
charging io r^uthcastprly.
A. O. McAUIE, District Forecarter.
To-Day a Holiday.
Tc-dty hc:ng Thanksgiving day and a legal
N :id?.y f business »ill be * uypcndel throughout
"tlw UrAted State*.
Stocks and Trade.
DESPONDENCY STKAI'ILY DBCBEAEXXQ
IN WALL STREET.
Henry Cle«*. the New York banker, Eays in
h:.- current circular:
"Des-pcndency is gradually disappearing in
\Ya!! etreet and & mere confident tone is taking
¦:.< (dace. This is became heavy forced liqui
iation Is over an<i unfavorable developments
!,-. 1-^.^n to . thorourlily discounted that bear
operation* J»re »>r.-otnirtK in=s profitable nr.4 tn
vr.-Bsinply dxnzerrv* «f evidences multiply that
ixlues arc dcixn as lew if not lower than in-
Uinfic coalitions warrant. .
• UTat »ro fonie p( the principal facts jn the
liusJntea world; vm October exports amounted
i.i llW.000.OOOl or Jlfi.ijOO.O'.H* more than In the
Mine Brtooth a year tLga. Our imports were
JS2.C«"A<>00. a decrease of about $.").<*K».0<»';
while the excet? rtf exports for th<? month »ae
£.*> <mk> <»>o. or orw |21.<«K>.«"0 greater than a
><-ar aco This >> certainly si satisfactory
hltowlr^ and Fhculn comtnue under present
.• ndiUons. <;ros-s earninss of 71 railroads from
January 1 to October r.l aptrppated $6.l4.fH«.-
UOfi an lncntts« of W^f***.****. or about 11 r*r
eem. aver laM year. In vi*w of pool cmj»s
nv.n trs<i<» activity m the W«-s=t. ft I* practtcsqiy
.rruin th'-rr- till r* no hhnnkaee "f conse
ifuencs! En '«r:iir.«ri* rturinir the. current fiscal
ysr. a!th"uch rmotion in the »teel. buiMins
¦od rihrr 'rjid^ must have ponie adverse in
f.u<-nce ut^«i trur.fportatlon interests. Kail
iijcjs. however, ere in a position to effect ?u<-h
imt^alsmt economics, partly'fi* * result of rc
• ¦*>nt improvcm<iits. that m impai'TrieTit of divi
riendi; is in pro^prt. Ore eth^r indication of
\!>lue i? 'if ari'-c-house Munif. For the month
,• October llMM «PcreEatei 2014 IHtffllW in
t l '<> whnle I.'nited f-'tntet.. This was a decrease
( .f jk p*-r cent wrap* red ¦with latt year; but
U i<= jmr'ortant to ohf*r»« that this BbiBkBSC
»as almot-t entirely <1ue to a <^ntraction of ;;0
fxr orr.t |b K«w York. th«» ctorm center of d«-
;i. Wry rri'xlerate declines were r*>
ported in Phiia-iclrhia and Bofton. while near-
Ijr ;i'.l cthr-r Inrifwirtant cities actually reported
saim in desiriasa during the pericxi when New
Yotfc was pirueplinK in dc^jialr. Vl'hile reac
•ttrn of the fccverert or<5*r was Eoinff on in the
tir.ancial center "f the country the Western
: -.M's reported an in-reasc of J2 per c?nt in
tlenrinp?. the Pa<".fir Htate* a prowth of 6 p<*r
>'-. r. m\A the Southern Stair* a gain of S {- r
«-.-nl. PerhEp? this was us it ehoul'l be. for
" N»w York »ee the center r,f the disease and
th* r*' n was pure to tv Fharpes* here. For
this rattan It if prohaHe that rescticn when
it does come wi!l be less pevere in other parts
" r the country than in thl« city, where the
1 r.f : .f has t-pfnt its chief fore*.
"At for the iron and steel trade, lower
r>ric«-6 for rroduct? ar» Ftill predicted: but this
» ill result in inrreased ordTF. and tt now
wmp as if thffe con>J'.t1ciis had been Tally r»»
flo'-tfd in present price? of Ftr<-1 s^c-jritief".
st^el Ktrxki 1 . and a rrcat m«ny oth^r securi
t.os also, have btcn eteartily parsing from weak
:r.to fftrongrer. hands, whore they will find a
s.-if*. lodpinir place, at \en?\. until better f.pure*
¦ ai. be had. The market, therefore, possesses
» Ftror.g»-r undertone, which hankers are quite
!iV;«-!y to encourage In order to facilitate, pend
ing d«-a!s and to assist the floating of new
lVnnty'vania. Lake Shore and other issues."
Weather Report.
Cir^th Meridian — Pacific Time.) •
SAN FRANCI5CO. Nov. 25—5 p. m.
The follcwir.g ere the seasonal rainfalls to
«Sa**, «« romrared with those of tsarr.e date last
season, and rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
Lsxt . This LaFt
t-iaticns — 24 h' urs. fason. _ e^ajscnl
Eureka O.no 13. K% ¦ 1.1. J3
lied li'.'jT *>.<*> ' *».7O 10. OS
-a-mmmli) ........... «.C<a Z.T>2 .- 3.59
Francisco........ «.<«>. 4.41 S.^S
T'rrpno <'. (lt> " fl -64 2.«7
Independence O.fO Tr. 0.7«
S»n lAiis Obifpo ft."0 f.44 3.62
J^f Anr"l<» '. O.Ort 0.43 2.47
Ran ln'-Bi O.O0 O.o/J 2.M
THE COAKT RECORD.
s k • 5 n i 5
1 == == %z i* ~
STATIONS, j 1| I| ?f f^ ?
. '¦ I I '¦ : ?
!'.»ker ."K»,34 42 40 PE Cloudy .O<\
• Vr^in 't^.2*? M 2S NW Clfjr .f«t
Roreka HC.20 m :>2 pw ¦ noudy .on
3'rPs-no 3V.1I) «4 42 NW riear .?'•O
V.arstaff «1.20 M 42 K Clear .fiO
focHt^Ho :V).4O 4>. S2 W Pt.CJdy .r<\
Indepf.nd»>nc« ..T>.1S ftS 44 W dear .00
!/* Ar.*r*le*...:?;>.<e 74 62 • \V ' Clear .On
North Head...r».« 64 4« PE .Ooudy .00
Th'^nix TJ».O0 7« I« TV Cle*' .00
PortUni .T0.2<> M 44 Clon<}y .00
HM Bluff no.ix f.4 4S ...; Clear .OO
rtosctmrc W.14 .'4 4S NW: cjoudy .00
S»f ramento ...W.18 fA 4K NE Cloudy .OO
halt Irf!ke.. — . ..V).:i4 SO TA XV Clear -.CO
Kn Francisco. 30. 22 «U B2 NVl r Clear X»
t-un I. Obispo.no. J« 70 N» TV Clear .00
Fan Ij1«ko "J0.02 CA M NT7 Clear ~'.Q0
l-*«ttle 3ft.O2 M 3« 00
Hpc.kane SS.SH 42 32 K Clou^r .00
T«too«h 29. 7« M r.2 P Rain 1.3**
\VR)!a Walla.. :;(>. 24 42 34 F Clcudy .00
'Vinnemucca .:to.2<l f>« S2 PE Cloudy .00
Yuma :r>.?ts r.2 N Clears .00
".VHATIIKR CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The j5T*?sur« continue* high over the south
ern b*lf of the Pacific Coast. It is beginning
«o ?all rapidly from Astoria northward, and a
svim cf some intenFity is movinr In from the
North PBCiflc. The prcater porticn of this
f "-,mi will probably pass eastward, but rsJn
raay b* expWted Thursday on the coast of
.•."orthcrn California.
T'ie followir.ff heav^' rainfall is reported: Ta
iwh, i.ZH tnches.
The following maximum wind velocitiea are
•'¦{•orte<5: North Head, 64 miles per hour, from
I \- t-outheart.
Th«nk»g:ivin«T Asy promisee to b« pleasant for
1 'i< rr^ater portion of the day over roost of
1 aiifarnlm. • ¦ ; > .
forecast made at Ban Francisco for thirty
boon endinx midnight. November 28:
•" ¦¦¦-•r.*m Caiifornla— Fair Thursday, except
rain ,,n the northern f-oast; light north winds,
cbacx i. R . 0 frc£b «ouihea*terly.
Fouth^rn «'*liforr.ia— Fair Thursday; light
WEDNESDAY. Nov. 25—3:30 p. ra.
Bid. Ask.! Bid. Ask.
iMta 01 02 ! JuIla 06 P7
Alpha 01 06 Justice. ..... 10 U
Andes 14 15 Kentuck .... 02 03
Belcher .... IS IS Key«s — 1 »O
Beat & Bel.l 25 1 0.1 Lady Wuh. — 04
Bullion 07 08 Mexican .... 63 64
Caledonia . . S2 «4 Occidental . S2 3.1
Challenge .. 17 19, Overman ... 13 13
CholUr r.9 ll|Potosl M 10
C New York 03 0-1 j Savage 14 15
Con CalAVa 96 97 Scorpion ... 01 03
Confidence . 70 ?5|Se{r Belcher. 05 0*
Ophir 1 55 1 6O Sierra Nev.. 23 SO
Crown Point 12 14 FUver Hill... 64 M
Eureka Con. — 60 Pt Louis.... 11 —
Exchequer . 11 12 i Syndicate ..(Hf.it
Gould & Cur 22 23 ITnion 3« 3?
Hale & Nr». 49 60iUUh 11 13
Imperial ...' 02 OS [Yellow Jack. 29 27
.;-, TONOPAH MINES.
Bld.Ask. Bld.Ask.
Oolehan ...... — • 18 Paymaster .. — 09
Esperanza. ... — 02 Pine Grove... — $0.
Gipsy Queen. — 23 Rescue <a 03
Gold Mountn. — U4 Ton Belmont. 83
Lucky Tom... — €» T & Cal — 21
MacNamara . 00 15 Ton of Nev...6 CO 7 00
Mlzpah Ex... — 25 Ton N Star... 24 3rt
Mont Ton.l 07^1 12 l, Ton Midway.. — 4ft
N Y Ton 01 fti United Ton... — Q
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask., Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup.. 110 111 |4s qr cp newl34 135
4s qr reg... 110 110% Bs qr coup. JL»7 107ft
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — ! Do 5s — 1C0
Bay CPC 6s. — 103^1 Do con 6s. — 105
Cal C G 5s. — 106HiO G W 6s.. — 97
Cal C & E g Oceanic 8 69. — 75
m & ct 6s. — 102% Om G Im 6s.l20 —
Cal-st !>» ... — — Pac G Im 4a. — 97
C C Wat 5s. — 100 P E Ry 58.106 107
Ed L & P 6s.l20 — P A C H fs. — —
F * C II 6s. — 117 P & O R 6s.ll6%120
Geary-st 5s.. 45 90 Powell-st 6s.ll3V» —
H C&S 5%s.l04% — S p GAR 5s. — lC*Hi
H C & S 5s. 9S%100 SF & SJV5s. — 117
Hon R T 6s.lO4V»lOT>% S R of C 6s.ll2H —
L A Elec 5s.lO4V41O5^i 8 P of A 6s
L A Ry 6s. — 113 <19C9) 107%108
LALC069. — — (1910) — 109
Do gtd 6s. — — S P of C 6s
Do gtd 6s. — 103% (1905)Sr A.10CV4 —
LAP lem Rs.lOO — (1906)Sr B.103%104
Do lem 5(U12V;n4 (1906) ....1041*106
Dolcm5s.ll2VillS (1912) ... .114*ill5«
! KRR of C 6S.106H107H SPC 1 eg 6s. — —
i Do 6s ....114M.116 Do stampdlOCH —
N P C R 6s. — 107 S P B R 6s. — 134
N C R 6S..109 — S V W «b..105%108^
N C P C 6s. — 102H Do 4s 2dm. 98% —
N 8 R R 53. 90 95 Do 4s 3dm. 97fc 99
O G L H 68.107 — Stkn G&E6s. — 102tf
O T Co 63..116H — U G & E 5s. — 105
WATER STOCKS.
rnntr . Costa — 42 /Port Costa.. — —
Marln Co ?.t 61 - Jsp-V W Co. 38% 39*
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent LAP. 3% [4Wfl F G A E. 67 67tf
Mntusl EL. — 10V4 S F Gaa L... 3 — ,
{?« O Tm^ 55 633 Stkn G & B. 5 - .
Pac L Co... 65% - UO*B...— —
I pac E G&R. — —
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
SFG&E. — 69/
INSURANCE.
Flrem'i Fnd.S20 —
DANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk. — 125 LP&A — 170
A^gloVcal-y M - M«rTW-t...23O 230 "
Rank of Cal. — — Merch Ex. .. — —
Cal Sa?eD P .l« 152*8 F NatlonI - -
First NatlonI — — •
SAVINGS BANKS.
Rer S & L.. — 2300 IPav & L. So. 65 100
Hum S & U - - P^ Sav,Bk.lOO 600
Muuial Sav.JOO 110 |Unlon T Co.. - -
* aV STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 205 Jpresidio .... 89% —
Geary POWDER.
— - ivcSr" - 4 *
Hana. P Co.. — SOc Kilauea S C — e
Hawaiian C. 43 43^ Makaweli C. 22 2t
Honokal S C - 12% Onomea S C - 32tf
Hutch S P C 10 10*J Paauhau S C — 15
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska. Pack.143 146 Oceanic 8 C. — «U
C«U Fruit Co. - 94 Pac A FA.. 4^ 5ft
jalWlneAs.— 92 Pac C Borx.167 —
Morning Session.
Board —
20 Cal Wine Assn... 92 OO
60 Giant Powder Con 6H 50
S3 Honokaa 12 60
20 Spring Valley Water Co 39 12&
Afternoon Session.
Board —
10 S F Gas and Electric Co. 68 25
10 S F Gas and Electric Co CS 00
30 S F Gas and Electrio Co..v.. 67 50
10 S F Gas and Electric Co...... 67 75
i $5,000 S P C 1st con 5s (stamped).... 106 62%
Street—
$5,000 Hawaiian C & S Co 6s 90 00
$2S.00O Northern Ry of Cal 5s 114 50
Stock and Bond. Exchange.
WEDNESDAY. Nov. 25—2 p. m
FRUIT — Apricots. 7®9c for Royals and 9®
lie for Moorporks; Evaporated Apples. 4S5%c;
sun-dried. 3%@4c; Peaches- 4Vft©B J ic; Pears,
6010c; Nectarines. 4@5%c; Figs, white, 4@4%c
In boxes; black. 4%c; Plums, pitted, 6@0c per
pound.
PRUNES— 1003 crop, 2^@2%c for the four
sizes.
RAISINS — F. o. b prices. ' Fresno, for 1903
crop : 50-lb boxes — Loose Muscatel, 2-crown.
6Vic per lb; 3-crown, 5%c: 4-crown. 6V4c; Seed
less Muscatels, 4 V4c; do. floated, 4Hc; un
bleached Sultanas, 4Hc; Thompson's Seedless,
6%c. London Layers — 2-crown. $125; 3-crown,
$125; 4-crown clusters. $2; 5-crown Dehesas,
$2 50; 6-crown' Imperials. $3; Malaga Loose, 2
crown 6c per lb; do 3-crown. 5-%c; Valencia.
Cured, 4Uc; Pacific do. 3%c; Oriental do,
2%e. Seeded Raisins — 1 6-02 packages, fancy.
80 per lb: choice. 7%c: 12-oz packages, fancy,
6%c; choice. 6%c; in bulk, fancy, 7 %c; choice.
7%c.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. 18U@14c;
No 2 ll%@12c; No 1 hardshell. 13@13Uc;
No. 2,' ll@ll%c; Almonds, lie for Nonpareils,
10%c for I X L 10%c for Ne Plus Ultra, and
S%c for Languedoc; Peanuts. 6©7c for East
ern; Pecans. ll@13c: Cocoanuts. $4 80®5: Cali
fornia Chestnuts. 6®10c per lb, and ll@12%o
HONEY— Comb ll@13c for white and 9910c
for amber: water white extracted. 5@5V4c;
light: amber extracted. 4%@5c; dark, 3%©4c.
BEES WAX— 27029c per lb. • >
Dried Fruits f Nuts, Raisins, Honey
AH descriptions under this head were in
ample supply and the market was quiet as re
tailers were too busy with Turkeys to pay
much attention to fruit. Apples and Pears
moved glowly and other tree fruits met with a
sluggish demand. Small packages of Grapes
arrived freely from the South and prices
ranged lower. The top quotation for crates was
obtained only for strictly fancy lots of fresh
stock. Considerable quantities of carried over
stock were up to peddlers and others
at 40c r<?r crate. Large open boxes from 'Mar
tinez arrived freely and were offering at $1 25fJ
1 M> per box. but did net clean up, having ar
rived too late for the regular trade. Choice,
lots of Strawberries and Raspberries met with
a fair demand at good prices. The receipts of
Raspberries included several chests of poor
stock, which were hard to dispose cf, although
offered as low as $2 per chest.
Mexican Limes were reported easy and a
steamer which arrived from Acapulco added
281 cases to the market. The same steamer
brought up 67. crates Pineapples. Other Citrus
and Tropical fruits were in free puply and the
market was otherwise devoid of feature.
STRAWBERRIES— Longworths, $7gl0 per
chest: large berries, $t@7 per chest.
RASPBERRIES — $5^8 per chest.
CRANBERRIES— Cap« Cod. $11@11 50; Jer
seys. $10310 75 per bbl; Coos Bay. $2 60@3
per box.
APPLES — Fancy Spitzenbergs. $2 25 per box
for Oregon and $1 50@2 00 for California;
other varieties. $1@1 25 for fancy. 75@S5c for
choice and 25©50c for common; Christmas Ap
ples. $1 60@2 50.
¦ PEARS — $1 25>31 60 per box for fancy Win
ter Nellls and 60®75c for other arletles.
QUINCES — 50078c per box.
POMEGRANATES — $1 50®2 per box.
PERSIMMONS — 10@90c per box.
GRAPES— -KX360C for Email boxes and 65ff90c
for crates.
CITRUS FRUITS— Valencia Oranges, $2^
3 50 per box; Navels. $2@3 25; Seedlings, $175
«?2: Lemons. $1(5'2 50 per box: Grap« Fruit.
$1 50@2 60; Mexican Limes. $4®5; Bananas,
$1 25®2 25 per bunch for Hawaiian and $2@«
for Central American; Pineapples, $2 50@3 50
per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The only fluctuation worthy of note yester
day was a decline in Gas and Electric from
$&8 75 to $67 60. All stocks were dull.
There will be no sessions of the, beards to
day.
A sale of 65 shares of Hawaiian Commercial
and Sugar Company was made on the etreet
Tuesday at $43.
The Homestake Mining Company of South
Dakota paid a regular monthly dividend of 25
cents yesterday.
CHICAGO. Nov. 25.— Trading in the wheat
pit to-day was of an evenlng-up character. In
preparation for the holiday to-morrow, and
while there was little general commission
trade there was much adjustment among local
trader*. The only bull news of importance
was the report that there had been general
rains in Argentina and that the Northwest
receipts were lighter than a. year ago, but
this was sufficient to cause a little firmer
feeling early in th* day after a steady open
ing. May was unchanged to Uc lower at th«
start, opening at 7014c to 70%c, and after
hellfng up to 79%c the market became easier
on realizing by local traders. The sentiment
in tho pit was rather bearish the latter half
of the session, the influence belnsj the larger
primary receipts and the easier tone In out
ride markets. There was some selling by yes
terday's buyers and the demand was scattered.
May declined to 7!>c and closed H&He lower
at 79HC December clOBed %c lower at 7!»^ic.
Oearances of wheat and flour were equal to
605,100 bushels. Primary receipts were 1,466.
400 bushels, against 1.175.400 a year ago.
Minneapolis Duluth and Chicago reported re
ceipts of 7f»G cars, against 61S laet week and
829 a year b;o.
Corn was stronsr for a. few momer.ts «t the
Ftart. but there, was too much for sale and
prices soon yielded, the December option be
ing the weaker. May ranged between .41ifce
and 42Hc, closing »*<gVic hlcher at 41%(g41%c.
December closed ii(fi%c lower at 4l%ff41%c
Local receipts were 204 cars, with 10 of con
tract grade.
¦A slow dragging market, with prices most
of the time under last night's close, was the
order- of the day in the oats pit. May sold
between 34%c and 35%c. closing unchanged
at 35%c December closed a shade lower at
34 1 ,4«734%c, lyjcal receipts were 89 cars.
Liberal selling of January lard and ribs by
broken!, supposed to be for the account of
local packers, caused weakness in provisions.
January pork closed 22%c lower, lard was off
10c. while rlb3 were down 12V4c.
The board will be . closed to-morrow on ac
count of Thanksgiving. : •
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
2 v. m. r c«lon. .
December — $1 12.
OATS — Prices remain unchanged, and th«
demand is merely moderate. White. $1 20Q>
1 30: Black, $1 4(M?1 6O; Red, $1 1001 22^
for feed and $1 25^1 35 for seed; Gray, nom
inal; none here.
CORN — Quotations contlnuo weak and the
market rules quiet. Western sacked, $1 27}j
©I 30 for Yellow. $1 30 for White and $1 23
@1 27>4 for Mixed; California largo Yellow,
$1 22%@1 32%; amall round do. $1 40@l 60;
White. $1 25@l 30 per ctl.
RYR— $1 25®1 30 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $2 25@2 50 per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11 :30 a. m.
December— $1 12.
May— $1 0S%.
Feed. $1 11U@1 13%; Shipping and Brewing
$1 17Vj@1 22 &; Chevalier, $1 2lKgl 45 for fair
to choice.
CASH BARLEY.
FUTURES.
Session 0 to 11:30 a. nv
Open. High. Low. Close.
December $1 35 $1 35 $1 35% $1 35
May 132% 1 33t* 122% 1 .'i3Va
2 p. m. Session.
December— $1 34>i. .
May— $1 33%.
BARLEY— The best grade* are firm, and
choice Feed is wanted by th« millers at full
figures. Most of the receipts, however, con
sist of medium and off stock. Prices' show
little variation.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club. $1 40^1 42»4: California
White Australian. $1 .Wfrl 52 l j: Northern
Club. $1 4O$H 41>;: Northern Bluestom $1 60
01 51 14: Oregon Valley $1 40.
WHEAT — Foreign quotations showed little
change. Chicago was several fractions lower.
Minneapolis reported an urgent demand for
cash Wheat. Otherwise there was nothing
new from the other markets.
In this market cash Wheat continued weak
and quotations were fractionally lower. Fu
tures, on the contrary, were higher.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR WEDNESDAY. NOVEMBER 25.
Flour, qr sks... 1 6, 22S Shorts, aks .... 45
Wheat, ctls .... P.280; Broomcorn. bdls 2
Barley, ctls ... 5,325' Feed, ska 3a
Corn, ctls 125; Tallow, ctls.... 247
Rye. ctls 680, Pelts, no 30
Beans, sks .... 2.060: Hides, no 634
Potatoes, sks .. 4.61OJ Sugar, ctls 2,150
Onions, sks .... 60 Leather, rolls.. 24
Bran, eka 8%5 Wine, gala 87,550
Mtddlings, sks.. 36 Quicksilver, flsk 3
Hay, tons ...'.. 195 paper, reams... 135
Hops, bales ... 4» Ume, bbls 317
Wool, bale ll
The Eg«r market has shown no change of
note for several days. The extra demand for
Thanksgiving has kept the market practically
bare of fresh ranch. Receipts, however, were
somewhat Jarger yesterday.
Receipts were 17.100 lbs Butter, 6S5 cases
Eggs and 12,700 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery. 30®31c for extras and
26^29c for seconds; dairy. 21'£25c; store Butter.
17H<819c: cold storage, 24ff2t5c; Eastern, 23©
CHEESE— 12S12r4c for the general market.
13c for select mild new and ll®ll»$c for
lower grades; Young Americas. 13@14c; East
ern, 15>A©16»4e; Western. 14@15c per lb.
EGGS — Ranch. 52^®55c for choice and 45Q
60c for small and mixed colors; store, nom
inal: cold storaee, 28@'32}4e; Eastern, 2C^2Sc
for cold storage.
Cheese continues more or less demoralized
and weak, with more here than the market
can well take caro of. Dealers complain of
the slowness of trade.
There was no further decline in BuMfer yes
terday, but the market was weak at the de
cline of the preceding day. with large offer
ings, and most dealers quoting 30c as a full
flrure.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
1000 Brunswick ... fcif 30O Ton A Cal... 20
40O Draper 14 500 Ton N Star.. 3«
40O Mont Ton....l 10,
Afternoon Session.
10O Cent Eureka,. 84 100 Ton rf Ner. .T OO
150 Mont Ton....l 10 100 Ton N Star... 3d
M00 Rescue 05 100 Ton N Star... S3
100 Ton & Cal... 20
Morning Session.
Following were the sales on th« Tonopah.
and San Francisco Mining Exchange ye«ter<Jay:
TONOPAn MINING EXCHANGE.
200 Belcher 171 200 Kentuck .... 03
200 Caledonia ... 83 1 200 Mexican 64
200 Caledonia ... 80! 800 Ophtr 1 50
300 Chollar ...... 10 700 Ophir X B2Vi
200 Con C & Va.. 97 3f>0 Ophir 1 M
200 «"on C & Va.. 9H 300 Savage 14
300 Crown Point.. 13 500 Yellow Jack.. 23
20v Gould & Cur. 22
Afternoon Session.
200 Caledonia ... 811 100 Ophir 1 85
600 Con C & Va.. 97 300 Ophir I 37»i
20O Con N Y 03 300 Potosi 0t»
20O Gould & Cur. 22 .100 Sava«« ..^... 14
200 Hale £ Nor.. B« .TOO Sierra Ner... 30
200 Mexican 65| 200 Yellow Jack.. 27
Following were the sales on the Paelflc Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
300 Andes 15 200 Julia M
100 Caledonia ... M 10O Mexican «5
10OConC&Va.. 96 100 Mnclcan 6«
100 Gould & CUT. 21 50 Ophir 160
100 Hale & Nor.. 50
Afternoon Session.
300 Andes 14! 200 Hale & Nor.. 50
300 Bullion 071 100 Hale & Nor.. 51
lOOConC&Va.. 94 1000 Hale * Nor.. 52
100ConC&Va.. 95 100 Mexican 65
100O Con Imperial. 031 200 Ophir 1 60
1«X) Con N Y 04 5C0 Eavags 14
100 Gould & Cur. 22 ICO Yellow Jack.. 2S
3C0 Gould & Cur. - 23
Following were th» s.alea on th* Ban Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday :
Morning Session.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Mining Stocks.
Quotations show no chans* 1 * worthy nf role.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days — $4 80>i
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 84%
Sterling Exchange, cab'.es — 4 fea^i
New York Exchange, sight...... — Par
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 02^
Silver, per ounce — 57?*
Mexican Dollars — , 451$
The Gaelic took out a small treasure list of
Saws, consisting of $+.165 in Mexican .iol'nr*
and $«0r. in gold coin for Hongkong and $1200
in rold roln for Canton.
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MARKETS.
PORTLAND. Nov. 25. — Wheat — Walla
Walla, 72c: bluestcro, 77c; valley, 76c.
OREGON
Northern Wheat Market.
SEATTLE) Nov. 25. — Clearings, $629,348;
balances ?143,35«.
TACOMA. Nov. 25. — Clearings, $324,201;
balances. $:W.f>63.
PORTLAND. Nov. 25. — Clearings. $537,220;
balances. $111,211. •
SPOKANE. Nov. 25. — Clearings, $225,427;
balances, $37,132.
Northern Business.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market con
tinues easy: common er» quoted at 4<<?5c. prime
at BlteSKc choice at 6-g6»ic and fancy at 7c.
PRUNES — The market continues quiet with
quotations ranging from 2V4@6^c for all
gr AI^RICOTS— Are in fair demand: choice are
quoted at flmWic extra, choice at IOSIO^c
and fancy at ll^l-V:.
PEACHES — Are in very light demand, but are
not being urged for sale and consequently rule
about steady. Choice arn held at 7.V4©7*4c;
extra choice 7%<98Hc; fancy. 9U©10Uc.
DRIED FRUITS
Kl'GAR — Raw quiet; refln»d quiet.
COFFEE^ — Spot Rio steady: No. 7 involc*.
6i*c; ml!<i. steady. The market for
roffee futures closed steady at unchanged
rriees to an advance of 10 points. Sale*. 101.
750 ba*s Including December 5..Wg5.5.%c:
March K &3<?5.95c: May. «.05f 6.15c: July
«25^6.3Oc: September, 6.35-36.400, and Octo
ber at 6.4C<g6.4*c.
NEW YORK. Nov. 25.— Flour— Receipt*.
2<V»00 barrels: exports. 18.600 barrels; market
quiet but steady.
WHEAT— Receipts. 16S.900 bushels: exports,
4ft.fiOi> bushels. Spot steady: No. 2 red. S7%c
elevator and RR^sc f. o. b. afloat: No. 1
Northern Duluth. pn«4c I. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Manitoba, nominal, f. . o. b. afloat. Op
tions opened firm and a shade higher on bet
trr cables and small Northwest receipts, local
covering higher Northwest markets and pood
support at Chicago. Later it became weak
under realizing and closed W9«sc. net lower.
May 83 9-16<gR3 15-16. closed $4<*c; July,
7t>*US8OUr. closed 79* 4 c; December. STVi^
(»7 T XiC rlosl?d 87'Hic.
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES— SteRdy.
WOO L— Firm
PETROLEUM— Firm.
New York Grain and Produce.
LONDON. Nov. 25.*-The offerings at the
wool auction sales to-day numbered 13,090
bales. There was a good demand at un»
changed rates. Fine grades were firm, but
low and faulty grades were slow and in buy
ers' favor. A good supply of crossbreds was
taken, chiefly by the home trade. Cape of
Good Hope and Natal sold briskly.
London Wool Sales.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeyo, 2«i@30c per lb;
live Turkeys, 21©24e per lb; Geese, per pair.
$1 7632: Goslings. 1232 25; Ducks. $."^6 per
dozen for old and $Hi57 for young: Hens, $5(3b
for amall and $« .VWjj? 50 for larce; young
Roosters, $6S7; oid Roosters, $5t?5 50; Fryers,
$5!g5 50: Broilers, $4 50© 5 for large and $3 60
©4 for small; Plgncns. $IQ'1 £5 per dozen for
old and ?-''.( 2 25 for Squabs.
• GAME— Mallard Ducks. $2 ROSS per dozen;
Canvasback. $3®5; Sprig. $2: Teal. $1 50;
Widgeon, $1 50; small Ducks, $1 25; Gray
Geese. $3: White Geese, $1®1 50; Brant, $1 25
for small and $2 for large; Honkers, $5 for
large and $3 50 for small; English Snips, $2 50;
common Snipe, $1 50; Wild Doves, $1 25; Rab
bits, $1 75®2 for Cottontails and $1 25 for
Brush; Hare, $1 25.
Game arrived freely and continued dull at
easy prices. Most of the receipts came to
hand In . poor condition, being 1 more or less
tainted owing to the moist, close weather.
Th« Turkey market continued active despite
th« high prices and the top quotations were
easily obtained for choice lots of live and
dressed stock. Dressed came to hand in all
kinds of packages and it was difficult to arrive
at the exact quantity received as the receipts
were unevenly distributed and came in at all
hours of the day. A conservative estimate
places the receipts at about 125 tons. Some
heavy shipment* that were delayed by an acci
dent to the steamer Solano at Port Costa came
to hand late in the day, but there was no dis
position on the part of dealers to reduce
price*. Small-sized birds constituted a large
portion of the receipts and some very poor
lots were sold below the quotations. There
was very little call for other descriptions of
Poultry and all prices were unchanged and
largely nominal.
Poultry and Game.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead, 6H0
7c per lb; White Lead. 6%S7c, according to
quantity.
SUGAR — Prices are 10c lower. Th«> Western
Sugar Refining Company quotes a» follows. p*r
lb. in lOO-lb bags: Cubes, A Crushed and Fln«
Crushed. 5.75c: Powdered, 5.60c; Candy Granu
lated, 5.60c; Dry Granulated, fine, 5.50c; Dry
Granulated, coarse, 6.&0c; Fruit Granulated,
5.50c; Beet Granulated (10O-lb bags only),
5.30c; Confectioners" A. 5.50c; Magnolia A,
5.10c; Extra C. 5c; Golden C. 4.90c; "D."
4.S0c; barrels. 10c more: half barrels, 25c
more; boxes, 60c more; 50-lb bags. 10c more
for all kinds. Tablets— Half barrels. 6c;
boxes. 6.25c; II. & E. Crystal Domino*. ».25c
per lb. No orders taken for less than seventy
five barrels or its equivalent.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal OH in bulk.
15%c: Pearl Oil in caeea, 22c; AMral. 22c:
Star, 22c: Extra Star, 26c; Elaine, 2Sc; Eocena,
25c; deodorized Stove Gasoline, in bulk. 17c;
in cases, 23Hc; Benzine. In bulk. 13c; in cases,
19%c; 86-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 21c; in
cases. 27 He.
TURPENTINE — 80c per gallon In cases and
74c in drums and iron barrels.
OIL — Llneeed, 49c for boiled and 47c for
raw in barrels: cases, fie more; Castor Oil, in
cases, No. 1, 70c; Bakers' AA. $1 1031 12;
Lucol, 44c for boiled and 42c for raw in bar
rels; Lard Oil. extra winter strained, barrels.
S5c; cases. 90c; China Nut. 55<jJ70c per gallon;
pur; Neat afoot. In barrels, 75c; cases, 80e;
Sperm, pure, 75c; Whale Oil., natural white.
50©55c per gallon; Fish Oil. in barrels, 60c;
cases, 55c; Cocoa rut Oil, in barrels, 68c for
Ceylon and 65c for Australian.
BAGS— Grain Bags. 5@5Ue; San Quentln.
5.55c: Wool Bags. 32@33c: Fleece Twine. T£*f
8c- Cotton Fruit Bag?, 6%c. fi%c and 7Vic for
the three grades: Brown Jute, 6%«?7Vie.
COAL — Wellington, JS per ton; New Wel
lington fS: Seattle, $8 50; Bryant, $6 50; Bea
ver Hill. $5 50: Standard, $7; Roslyn, $7; Coos
Bay, $5 60: Greta, J7; Wallsend. »7; Rich
mond $7 50: Cumberland, $13 in bulk and
$14 24 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
$14; Welsh Anthracite Egg, $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50; Cannel, $8 50 per ton; Coke, $11 50®
13 r>er ton in bulk and $15 in sacks; Rocky
Mountain descriptions, $11 45 per 2000 lbs and
$12 80 per long ton, according to brand.
General Merchandise.
Stcw-ks— Sales. High. Low. Close
Atch son 6,500 tJSl, «i4* t ev ,
Atchi*on P'd 100 N)i 3 89^ K:*U
Baltimore & Ohio.. S..VO 75a. 747. r^ij
Bait ft Ohio Dfd .. 200 S7*g 87^ 87
Canadian Pacific .. 1,000 lisu lis' llsX
Cent of New Jersey [ j.53
Cbea A: Ohio 2.MW so»« 30 * :io»;
? •hicago & Alton .. 1-.J0 30H 30K "lit
<Tilc A; Alton pfd • « 8
<:hica?o & Gt West 1,100 I8»4 ir." i»«L
CAOWBpfd..., 200 '.'7^ 27'i "7s!
Chicago & T T :¦-• u
<"hi & T T r'«i 17
C. V.. C & St. L .... 70
''olcrado Southern.. P.fiOO 12'j 124 12JJ
<V'lo So In pfd LSOO 621, 52?, 5?
<"o'o Po 2d pfd Z00 21 20 :»Vi
Delaware &• Hudson .... 154
Del I.Ack & West.. 100 2TJ6 239 231U
Denver & Rio Gc. !(H) •19% 19Vi lfi'«
IVn & Rio Gr pfd.. 200 67 67 67
"ric 1S..V0 27 26U 2tji4
I t>i^ 1st pfd 1.700 6»i4 06 «56«i
Krie 2d l>fd 1.2CO 481, 4*! 4SVj
<»r<-at Northern pfd jtjo
Hotking Valley ... 300 74 73$. 74
Hoddrg Valley pfd 100 82'i S2U 82
Illinois Central 5<X> 129 12S»« 120
Iowa Central UK) 20*i 20=i 20
I o» a Central pfd .'. 35
Kansas City So J7 '
K.C Southern pfd ai
Ix>uisv & Nashv . . . 3.^00 103*, 102% lOT'i
Manhattan L .; 600 139'i 13S4 mj)'
MMropol Htreet Ry. 4.200 110*; lWli 116
Milnn & St LouU.. K>0 CO^ G0&4 5g
Mlnoorl Pacific 6,500 8DTi 83 89<4
Mis Kan & Texas 1<H'.
M K fc T |>H 200 StJ^i 3«ii" .'tti»i
N R R of Mex pfd " 36
N Y Central 1,^00 1171, 11«S 117U
Norfolk West OK) 56 65^ M
Ncr & W'es-t pfd . . . ., 34
Ontario & Western. C00 20% 20U 20%
Pennsylvania 20.000 114'i 113U ]H
P CWC &. Kt Louis 57
Rfading I>oo <aij an% 40%
Reading 1st pf(S 100 75 75 74TJ
Reading 2d pfd R7
I Rock Island f..KOO 24 23i; 23*;
Rock Island pfd .. 100 59 T.9 : WV,
Pt L & S F 1st pfd 60
Ft L A S. F 2d pfd. 100 41 4 4 43 H
St Louis S W 1314
£t Louis K W pfd.. 400 31 :;0 Soil
St Paul 4>00 13*1,4 137t4 1.-J71*,
8t Paul pfd •... 100 172 172 17T*;
Southern Taciflc 35.200 4«i£ 4*1? 4514
Southern Railway.. 27,700 20 \8% 19%
Southern Ry pfd... 2,700 7<5*,- IZy, 76ii
Texas & Pacific 100 Z\ 23 2.1^
Tol St Louis & V.' 19
T Ft L & W pfd.. 1.000 32 SHJ 31 tj
Vnion Pacific 17.0fi0 73 '* 72 ". 4 73
Vnion Pacific pfd.. 100 «5 7 4 KS'^ 65
Waba*h 1,000 \9\ 1ST, 1914
Wabash pfd l.stK) 34 % 34i; 3*%
Whrel & Lake Erie 1 13'
Wisconsin. Central. «<*> W% I614 16%
Wisconsin Crn pfd. 200 37 36Vi ' 3C%
Express Compnles — ¦
A'tams .... 220
American :.. 185
TTnlted States 1<V> 100 100 100
Wells-Fargo ..... 195
Ml8cel!ane«>U!> —
Amalgam Copper... 10.500 ?,<>\ 37H 8$S
AmerCar & Fou«"l. 3.000 I84 l7Vi 18%
Amer Car & F pfd. 4.200 64 CO14 63^
Amer Linseed Oil.. 100 B B ft
Arner Lin Oil pfd.. 2.700 2S»»$ 23H 20
Amer Ix>ccmotlve . 1.4<">O irjij 111^ ig^
Amer Loco pfd 10.700 7:< CRl^ 72i;
Amer Smelt & Ref. 5.S00 43-i 42^ 43%
Amer Fmel & R.pfd 2.700 87H S5 «7%
Amer Sugar Ref... 19.700 119*± 117»i 119\1
Ana.conda Min Co. . 48.700 70 A 64 fifl^i
Brooklyn R Transit 8,000 28% 3S»£ 3!)
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 2.C0O 2G% 21% 2«
I Cblum H Coal 100 10# 10% 10
Consolidated Gas 175
General Electric .. 2«O 1MV4 1M 152U
International Paper 100 10 10 1044
Intcratl Paper pfd. 2,900 62 57>4 62
Intematl Pump 30
Ir.ternatl Pump pfd • V«
National Biscuit ... TOO 85, 34 UU
National Lead .... 200 14% 14% U
Xorth American ¦• 72
Pacific Mall 1.200 2fiU 26 20
People's Gas ...... 1.700 04 03 . 93T,
Pressed Steel Car. . 3.400 24U .22^ 24
Pressed S Car pfd.. 1.700 «4V4 62*4 64ii
Pullman Palac* Car 100 213U 213^ 213
Republic Btael.'...; 400 « 5% 5U
Republic Kteel pfd. 15.700 3flT4 ?,$% Sfli|
Rubber Goods .... ••¦" '/"'• -•• 14
P.ubber Goods pfd. 100 «7 67 C«^i
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 2.j>00 27J4 2C% 27
If R leather 1.000 1 >, C« 7
i; S Leather pfd... 2.200 76 73% 75U
I! S Rubber •- •'•'•• •••- R\b
1 7 a Rubber pfd .... 200 :&** 35£ .% .
TTSfiteelpfd 27.400 ¦ R2 ¦ M« Bl%
Western Union . W» Rj'.A 85 fi<%
Northern Bectiritles .... .... 87
Total sales 374,200 shares.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. Nov. 25.— Bond transactions of
United Railroads of 8an Francisco: 13.000 at 70.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U 8 ref 2s reg...l05?4|L ts. N uniflod 4s. 9SU
Do coutio'n 105% Man con gold 4s.. 102
Do 3s reg 1<> 7 Mexican Cen 4s.. 72%
Do coupon...... 107 Do 1st Inc.... 14H
Do new 4s. reg.134 Minn & Et L 4s. »7ft
Do coupbn ..13* M. K & T 4s... 9S
Do old 4s. reg.110 Do 2da 1. 75^
Do coupon :ll<> N'at of Mex con 4« 7514
Do 5«- r*t 101 \4 N Y Cen gen 314« 99
Do coupon 101>4 N J Cen sen 5s. 129 U
Atchlwm Ken 4s.. 99% Nor Pac 4s. 10214
Do adj 4s 86% Do 3s 70
Atlantic C Line 4s O3«4 Norf & W con 4s »7
Bait & Ohio 4s... 100'^ O 8 L 4s & Partic 92
Do 3^9 94% Penn conv 3»$s.. 05
Central of Ga 5s.lO3!» Reading- gen 4s.. !»7
Do 1st Inc «58 8t L&I M con 5s. II 0«
ChM & Ohio 4>Ab.I01 Ht L & fi F fg 4s. S3
Oil & Alton 3%s. 73 I fit L 8 W lsta... ft!*,
r ih-Q new 4s. 93V4 1 Seaboard A L 4s. 71^
C* M&StP ren 4s.H0 IBou.Pac 4s...... $8%
C'& N W con 7s. 130 '/4 Sou Rail 5s... ...112%
C H I fc P 4».. 7UU'Tex & Pac lst»..118
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
change to list additional stocks, which con
tained no surprise for those conversant with
the company's affairs. It may be taken* for
grantM that a well-organized party skillfully
directed the' attack on these tecurities. The
quick -ebound In their prices was sufficient
evidence of this in itself. But there is no
res son to doubt the current reports of a gen
eral sweeping; out of collateral in loans of In
¦lustrial i^H^oritiefl, especially of the newer un
digested plaFs. It is fair to bear in mind thfit
the disfavor with which money lenders view
these securities has to do with the readiness
of th» market for them as well as their in
trinsic value and soundness. Many of these
securities have nPV er had a wide market and
•Mfcors have lo«t much of what they ever had
during the recent period of distrust over the
whole industrial outlook. There Is apparent
also an Intention to adjust the basis of r'lcea
of the whole body of industrials to that of tne
stocks which h.ive already been severely scaled
down. A relative firmness, growing into
ftrensth of thp United States Steel stocks and
of Anialeamtftetf Copper were consonant with
this view. United States Pteel was probably
att»<-te a a ] 5O by th( , r< vi U ctlon granted In
freight rates on steel rails for export. A
sharp rally In the raw copper market in Lon
don may have helped Amalgamated and Ana
i-onda. The lat» recovery in the market wiped
"ut all the rrincjpal losses and establish^
rom« fair gains in tho Industrials. Sterling
exohartp* made nnother wide drop. In spite of
the quieter tone of the focal money market
nnd Tumors of larpe additional engagements of
gold for import wer« thus made plausible al
thpuRh no definite -Information could be ob
isinfl of stirn engagements
*r^r,io h ° nd^ nar . ket y ca ™ e vr r>' du" and was
in^uiar. Total Bales par value. $2 2S0 OOil
UL_ £~ fSta , t<> » twos and the old and
rew fours declined '. 4 and the threes S per
cent cu the last call.
use of cars to make good inadequate terminal
and storage facilities, so that there might be
considered an oversupply of cars on hand at
present. The only news accompanying tho
break over U points in railway steel spring
preferred was the application to the Stock Ex-
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE — Steers. 8©0c; Cows and Heifers.
7sgSe:'thln Cows. 4g5e per pound.
CALVES — »24V4c per pound (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3%(34c; Ewes. 3Vi§3Hc
per pound (gross weight).
LAMBS — 4^®5c per lb.
HOGS — Live Hogs. 140 to ISO lbs, 5^ie; over
180 lbs, 5c; Sows, 20 per cent off; Boars, 50 per
cent off. and Stags, 40 per cent off from above
quotations.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — 627c for Steers and 4^f 6c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL- Large. Sft9c; small, 9®9Hc per lb.
MUTTON — Wethers. iVi&S'.ic; Ewes, SfiS^c
per lb.
LAMB— a^giOc per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 7»*ff9c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The market is of a holiday character and
prices show no change.
Meat Market.
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Stocks— Bid. AskeU.
Alma • » 40
Apollo • 42 .....
Associated Trust Cert 13 2*»
Aztec fg*
California Standard '"
Caribou *> 10°
Central Point Con •» ¦ •••••
Chicago Crude 13 -1
Olaremont "'« •••••
Esperanza X •» •••¦-
Four ........................ "• ***
Fulton '• 4 50 ...-
HaMVord':::::::::::::::::::: :::.: t»«
Home 03 t CO
Imperial »* <*>
Independence 18 *'*«i
Junction _ if
Kern J £>
Kern River 10 CO 13 00
Lion W
Mcrarch <of Arizona) 45
Monte Crteto *"
Occidental of W Va 13 20
Oil City Petroleum
Peerless x 13 50
Pittabur? 20
Ree.l Crude •
.S F & McKlttrick 2 60 ....«
San Joaquin O & D 4 00
Senator 63 75
Sovereign 38 41
Sterling 2 70 2 ii
Superior AS
Thirty-three 70O 800
Toltec 22 00 . . . . «
Twenty-elcht 4 2O 4 30
West Shore 2 90
Associated Bonds 63 l i
Miscellaneous^ —
Abby Land and Improvement 1 40 1 50
Alameda Sugar 2S <»>
American Biscuit 95 00
American District Tel
Cal Gas and Electric Corp
Cal Cctton Mills SS 00
Cal Jockey Club
Cal Shipping Co 27 ©0
Cal Title Ins and Trust 13rt CO 140 00
Central Bank of Oakland.... 60 00
Chutes Co 8 00
Cypress Lawn Imp Co 6 BO
Fischer's Theater 200 2«»
Gas Consumers' As«n 22 5O
Hcnoluiu Sugar
Northern Cal Power 0 CO
North Shore Railroad
Orpheum Company 1* 53
Pacific States Te: and Tel 115 OO
Paraf fine Vaint 35 00
Pan Francisco Dry Pock 47 OO
Sanitary Reduction Works... 1 00 2 CO
Sausalito Land and Ferry.... 1< 00
Ppcrry Flour Company 27 50 3O CO
Standard Electric 19 OO
Tesla Coal Co 32 60
Truckee Electric 13 25
Union Sugar 22 50
United Gas and Electric 34 50
PALES.
Morning Session.
40 Peerless ; 13 75
5 Hanf ord 13* OO
M Monte Crlsto T7«4
Afternoon Session.
1000 Associated SO
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 25.— Wool— Nominal: me
dium grades, combing and clothing, 17ff2lHc;
light fine, I5@17'4c; neavy fine. 12t?14M;c; tub
washed, 20® 30c.
St. Louis Wool Market.
SHEEP — Receipts, 50O0; marke* steady:
Western yearlings. $3 50@4; wethers $T. .WJ
3 65: ewes, ?2 75fJ3 CO: common and stockers,
?2®3 60, lambs, $3 50#5.
OMAHA, Nov. 25.— CATTLE— Receipts,
2500; market strong: native steers. $3 75®5 25;
cows and heifers, $2 75@3 75; Western steers.
?3@4 25; Texas steers, ?2 70@3 60: cows and
heifers, $2 10®>3 20; canners. $1 50®2 10;
ptockers and feeders, $2 505J3 SO; calves, $0®
5; bulls and stags, $1 70@2 75.
HOGS — Receipts, 6500; market steady; heavy,
$4 10®4 25; mixed $4 15@4 20; light, $4 20^
4 CO- pigs, $4 20@4 30; bulk of sales, $4 15®
4 25.
OMAHA
CHICAGO. Nov. 25.— CATTLE— Receipts',
24.0CO; active; gopd to prime steer?, $5 10®
6 75; poor to medium. $3 50@-4 80: stocker*
and feeders. *2«ff4 1": cows. $1 25®4; helferp.
$2(ff4 60; canners, $1 25<g2 GO; bullR. Jl 750
4 35; calves ?2@6 50; Texas fed steers, $2 75Q>
3 r>0; Western steers. ?3Qvt 50.
'HOGS — Receipts to-day. 33,000; Friday. 20.
000; 10c higher; mixed and butchers. $* 15<g>
4 45; good to choice heavy, $4 20® * 36; rough
heavy, $3 05#4 20; light, $4 10@4 30; bulk of
sales, $4 20@4 30.
SHEEP— Receipts. 20,000; steady to strong;
good to choice wethers. $3 C5®4 25; fair to
choice mixed $2 75tf-3 60; Western sheep, $2 50
85; native lambs, $3 50<35 50; Western
lambs, S3 50SS
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
VEGETABLES — Green Peas, 3@4c r*r lb:
String Beans, 400c per lb; Wax, 4 ©6c; Lima
Beans 4f5c per lb; Tomatoes. 5Oc<5$l per box
for bay and $1 2f> per crate for Los Angeles;
Summer Squash, $1@1 25 per box for bay and
75ca#l for Los Angeles; Cabbaje, 60c per ctl:
Carrots 75c per sack: Cucumbers. $1@1 25 per
box for bay and CO@75c for Los Angeles^
Garlic. C<g8c per lb: Dried Okra. 12^c per lb;
Green Peppers 35050c per box for Chile and
RO075C for Bell: Egg Plant, 40@50o per box;
Marrowfat Squaah. jlOfflo per ton; Hubbard,
$15@20.
Potatoes were in ample supply and although
the market was quiet all descriptions of Bur
banks were firmly held at unchanged prices.
The market was overstocked with Sweet Po
tatoes and there was a sharp decline in prices.
Seven carloads came in from Merced. Oniona
ruled firm, at previous rates under light re
ceipts and a steady demand.
There were liberal receipts of vegetables
from Los Angeles and prices of Peas and
Beans ranged lower. Most of the Peas arrived
In poor condition, having been overheated In
transit. Summer Squash, Cucumbers and To
matoes from the same section were in mod
erate receipt and continued to sell at good
figures. With the exception of Tomatoes, the
arrivals of bay Vegetables were moderate and
the previously quoted rates were well sus
tained. There was very little call for To
matoes and there was quite a surplus unsold
at the -close.
POTATOES— Burbanks from the river. 73®
90c per ctl; Salinas Burbanks, $1@1 45 per ctl;
Oregon Burbanks, 85c(J?*l 15 per ctl; River
Reds 6O@75c per ctl; Sweet Potatoes, 90c?i>
$1 15 per ctl.
ONIONS — $1 10@l 50 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions' and Vegetables.
Eastern Oil Market.
OIL CITY. Pa.. Nov. 25. — Credit balances.
$1 82; certificates, no bid.
NEW YORK, Nov. 25. — The cotton market
closed within a point or so of the best of the
season with November net 12 points higher
and the other positions 4 to 7 points higher.
Nezv York Cotton Market.
Tr 't?v a legal holiday.
ment of $6368 in treasure to China.
U-strcct Stocks somewhat higher on the day.
¦ rrr£ still lightly dealt in.
v little change in Exchange and Silver.
Cash Wheat lozi'cr, but futures higher
ley firm, *vith a demand for choice grades,
sis steady. Corn zeeak and Rye quiet.
\\:::s reported quieter at unchanged prices.
Hay aud Feedstutts as before quoted.
Butter dull and plentiful at the decline.
Eggs still scarce and Clieesc still plentiful.
Xo change in Provisions m or dressed Meats.
Potatoes and Onions unchanged. Vegetables plentiful
Turkeys active and scarce at fancy prices.
Fresh Fruits in ample supply and quiet.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Bar silver, firm, 2fi%d per ounce. Money,
Z 1 * r p r cent The rate of discount in the open
market for short bills is 4% per cent, and for
thr«e months' bills 4(54*4 per cent.
Ccns for money... S8* H Y Central 121%
Cons for acct...S8 3-lti Norfolk & 6S%
Anaconda 3% Nor & Wm pfd. 89
Atchison t>"U Ontario & Westn. 21 Vi
Atehlson pfd »2% Pennsylvania 59
Bait & Ohio "7% Hand Mines 10%
Canadian Pacific. 122V* Reading 20%
Ches & Ohio 31% Reading 1st pfd.. o9
Chgo tJ Western. 1«>4 Reading 2d pfd... 30
Chgo. M & St P. 142% Southern' Ry 19»;
Pe Beers 20% Southern Ry pfd. 79
Denver & Rio Gr. 20$; Southern Pacific.. 4<jtj.
|> & R G pfd 70 Union Pacific. . . . 21 %
Krie - 7 % I7 nlon Pac pfd... fe9
Erie 1st pfd 6*»\ U S Steel 11%
Erie 2d pfd 40% U S Steel pfd.... 62? 4
Illinois Central. .. 133% Wabash £0
Loulsvl &. Naeh.. 106^9 Wabash pfd 36
Mo. Kans & Tex. 17 Va
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS
Call leans 5%®0 ! Westinghse Com.. 66
Tim* loans 5%@6J Mining—
Bonds— 'Adventure 3%
Atchison 4s 99'.s!a11ou»z *
Mex Cent 4s.... 69 Amalgamated ... 3SU
Railroads— Daly West 3;>
Atchison 65'« Bingham ji 1 )*
Atchison pfd 88% Calumet & Hecla.425
Boston & Albany.24fl Centennial <¦*
Boston & Maine.. 170 Copper Range.... 4.i?j
Boston Elevated.. 140 Dominion Coal.... il%
N Y, N H & H..195V* Franklin 7%
Pltchburg pfd.... 135 Isle Royale «
Union Pacific 72% Mohawk -5
Mexican Ce/itral.. 8U Old Dominion <?*
Miscellaneous — Oscepla "7
American Sugar. .ll»Mi Parrot 18
Am Sugar pfd.... 120 jQuincy SO
Am Tel & Tel. ...125% Santa Fe Copper. 1%
Dom Iron & Steel. &**!Tamarack so
General Electric. .153 'Trinity 5
Mass Electric 17%: United States ISM,
Maps Elec pfd 79 jUtah 2TJ»
United Fruit 95V Victoria ....;.... ±%f
U S Steel 10'ijWlnona <%
U S Steel pfd 51 %\ Wolverine 63
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS
Adams Con 10 iLlttle Chief ©«
Alice 13 'Ontario 6 00
Breece 10 Ophir 130
Brunswick Con.. 03% Phoenix 0-
Comstock Tunnel 09 Potosi 1«»
Con Cal & Va.. 90 Savage •"•'• ~*>
Horn Silver 1 00 Sierra Nevada... 15
Iron Silver 1 75 Small Hopes 15
Leadvllle Con... 02 Standard .2 00
Do col 5s 74 T St L & W 4s. 71 M
COO & StL gen 4s 07 Union Pacific 4s. 102%
Chicago Term 4s. 75 Do conv 4b 94 Vh
Ton Tobacco 4s.. 54% U S Steel 2d 6s. 68*i
Colo Southern 4s. S3f t Wabash lets 113
Denver & R Q 4s 984 Wabash Deb B.. 5<
Kr!e prior Hen 4b. f>7*£ W & L E 4s *b%
Erie general 4s.. 84 Wis Cen 4s....... K>
F W & DC lst.l(X;% C T & 1 60} 4
Hock Valley 4%s.lO5;*
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
HIDES AND feKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lHc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 9c; medium. 8c; light, 7%c; Cow Hides,
7%o for heavy and 7V>o for light: Stags. 5c;
Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal. 10c: Salted Calf,
10%Sllc; dry Hides, 13c; dry Kip. 13c; dry
Calf, lijc; Sheepskins, ehearlings. 23© 30c each;
short Wool. 4u«(jyc each; medium, 7Q®8Ge; long
Wool, $1@1 50 each; Horse Hides, salt.
$2 75 for large and $2@2 50 for medium. $1 25
@1 75 for small and - 60c for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry, $1 75 for large and $1 CO for me
dium, $1@1 23 for small and 50c for Colts.
Buck Skins — Dry Mexiean. 32c; dry salted
Mexican. 23c; dry Central American. 32c. Goat
Skins — Prime Angoras. 75c; large and smooth.
50c: medium. 35c; small, 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4 He per lb; No.
2, 4c; erease. 2% 63c.
WOOL — Fall clip — San Joaquin Lambs*. 9U
lie: Middle County. 11012c: Northern Free.
11® 12c; Northern Defective, 10®llc: Humboldt
and Mendoeino, 128 14c; Nevada, 13915e: Ore
gon, fine, ltyglOc; Oregon medium. 17c per lb.
HOPB — 19@21c per lb for California and 10©
21c for Oregon.
Hides, Wool, Tallow and Hops.
Limas are reported firm and in improving
demand, but the other ' kinds of Beans are
reported Inactive with buyers holding off.
Kyen Pinks which have recently ruled firm,
are quieter. It is said that Michigan has
taken the Eastern trade away from this mark
et, aa it can sell the goods below our quota
tions. *<
BEANS— Bayos, $2 25©2 40; Pea. $3@3 25;
Butters. $3 23; small White. $2 76®3; large
White $2 33JF2 50; Pink. $2 50@2 65; Red. $3®
a 23; Lima, if 2 75£2 05; Red Kidneys, $1 25;
Blackeye, $2 15@2 35 per ctl; Horse Beans.
$1 BOf/2.
SEEnS — Brown Mustard. $3: Yellow Mus
tard, ?2 65S2 S5; Flax. $1 70® 1 80; Canary.
5i&5%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, 11814c; Rape.
!%<?2>.4c: Timothy. 6@ti%e: Hemp. 3Vi@3%c
per lb; Millet, ;s@3%c: Broom Corn Seed, ?20@
23 per ton.-~
DRIED PEAS— Green, $1 60@2 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
12c: Pig Pork. $23; Pigs' Feet. $5 25; Smoked
Beef. 15c per 1b.
" LARD— Tierces Quoted at T%c per lb for
compound and 9c for pure; half barrels, • pure,
9%c; 10-lb tins. B\c; 5-lb tins. 9!»c; 3-lb tins,
10c.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. »%e; three
half barrels. »%c; one tierce. 8%c; * w ° tierces,
9c; five tierces. 8%° per lb.
Iron clewed at 49s in. Glasgow and at 42s
fid in Middlesboro. Locally iron was quiet.
No. 1 foundry northern is quoted at $15@16;
No. 2 foundry northern at $16@17; No. 1^
foundry southern and No. 1 foundry southern
soft at $13 50@14.
Copper advanced 7s Cd in London, closing:
at £55 2s 6d for spot and £55 for futures.
The local market for copper is rather easier.
Lake, electrolytic and casting are quoted at
$12 25Q12 75.
Lead was dull and unchanged at £11 in
London and $4 25 in New York.
Spelter was unchanged here at $5 62% and
at £20 12s Cd in London.
17s 6d to £118 17s 6d in London and futures
there were 6s higher at £118 5s. Locally tin
wm also firmer closing at $25 25@26 25. .
Mixed Feed. *22 50#23 50; Horse Beans. $30<$
40 per ton.
HAY— Wheat. $14016 50; Wheat and Oat.
$13 MKJfclO CO; Oat. $13@15; Wild Oat. $11 60@
13 60: Barley. $11013; Stock. $10@ll; Alfalfa,
?10ftl2 50 per ton
STRAW — 10<565c per bale.
THE SAN ' KB AK CISCO CALL., THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 26. 1903.
STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. Nov. 25.— Spot tin advanced
New York Metal Market.
Nczv York Stock Market.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
13
AUCTION SALES
* T°H p ra s 8S
A MAGNIFICENT LOT OF
THOROUGHBRED YEARLINGS
FROM THE
MENLO STOCK FARM
TV. O'B. MACDONOUOH. Proprietor.
Consisting cf sons and daughters of Imp.
Brutus San Carlo Orslnl. Magnet. San I-ucas
and Bright Phoebus, out of the mares that h«v<»
made this farm famous, such as Imp. Mis*
Brummel, Golden Locks. Spinach, Imp. CfclPP •.
Moonlit. Gold Lace. Haidee. Hertha. Loveltght.
etc. Also seven finely bred thoroughbreds by
Pecksniff from the
ALMENDRAL STOCK FARM.
and the stallions Don Gara. by Ratbbone;
Bread Riot; besides Jerilderla. Phroso and sev-
eral others. Sale takes place
MOXDAY EVENING NOVEMBER 30, 19C3
Commencing at 7:43 Sharp.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
24ft Third St. near Kolsom.
WM. G. LAYNG. Auctioneer.
Send for Catalogues. Horses on exhibition
for three days prior to sale. .
SEE THE NEXT
SUNDAY CALL
WHO TTNALZY WIHT3
PRETTY MADGE STAIBfTHE FAN IBAKCI5CO CALL, THURSDAY, KOVEMBER 26, 3«O3.
14
_ I
F.MPLOVMEXT WANTED MAXE.
EXPERIENCED and willing young man wants
position In whoUsale house as salesman or
assistant bookkeeper: gocd references. Box
4531, Call office.
EXPERIENCED laundry distributer desires
position In city: 6 years' experience, some
experience In marking room. Address box
415^ Call office.
Al CLOTHING and gents' furnishing goods
salesman, capable of taking full charge of
either department; 20 years' experience;
country preferred. Box 4762. Call offlce. i
SITUATION wanted by expert and experienced
draftsman and designer. Address box 857.
Call offlce. Oakland.
GOOD piano player as • bartender, with ' few
hundred dollars, wishes a position In saloon
business In country town. Box 4513, Call.
AN elderly man, reliable, good references,
wants position as night watchman. . JACOB
BAKER, room 110. Winchester House.
EXPERIENCED gardener, best references^
wants steady position in city or near by. Box
4533, Call office.
YOL.-G man desires position with reliable
- house where he may advance: 3 years' offlce
experience * best references. Box 4526, Call.
WILLING young man, 10. and fine penman, de-
sires position In offlce or wholesale house.
Box 4620. Call offlce. . y,
WANTED — Py experienced retail grocery man,
a few hcurb" work dally; -ilgar stand pre-
ferred. Address box 4503., Call offlce.
A PAINTER, paper hanger, whltener wants
work: has all tools. 1302 Webster st.; tele-
phone Jackson 1321.
JAPANESE wants position to do housework In
hotel or lodging-house. Address CHARLES.
1000 Hyde st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109d
Valencia »t.
1 . . 'i — 1
FLATS TO LET.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department: It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 213-259 Geary
ALL of the most desirable flats and bouses are
listed In our. renting department: let us give
you a list and help you find one in the- loca-
tion you want. STERLING FURNITURE
COMPANY, 1039 Market St.; services abso-
lutely free.
DIAMOND. SI9 — Flat of three sunny furnished
rooma; $14.
FLAT of 2 large modern rooms; rent 510. 22A
Rondel place, off H3th. near Valencia.
$7— LOWER flat. 72C& Harrison et., between
Third and Fourth.
VAN" NESS— Modern, S-room. sunny flat for
rent; or will sell. Phone Folsom 2801.
ELLIS. S24— Sunny, R rooms: Ju«t finished;
electricity for light and power; $45.
TO LET — Sunny flat, C rooms and bath. 113
Lenvenworth st.
FLAT* TO LET — FIJRMSHEO.
FLAT to let; 3 rooms; furnished; $1200. 36A
Gilbert Ft., off Brannan, bet. 7th and 8th.
FLATS* FOR SALE — -FUItXISHEP. ~
$3C0 — 5 ROOMS cozy upper flat, newly fur-
nished; rent $27 50. 4<)«V£ O'Farrell.
NEWLY furnished flat of 5 rooms and bath;
reasonable. 421A Ellis st.
FOR SALE — Departure sacrifice; 7-room flat,
nicely furnished. OOfi Jones »t.
FIXAJfCIAL.
COMPANIES incorporated, financed and stock
floated. W. H. BITTNER. Lawyer and Fl-
nanoial Agent. 322 Emma Spreckels bldg.
PACTAI. MAS3AQE.
A — 'WRINKLES removed: fine complexion guar-
anteed, new method: 50e. M. LUTON. manl-
curlng parlors; 7B4 Larkin st. : phone Polk 17.
furnituhe wanted.
HIGHEST price for furniture and mdse. L. H.
9 BURD. auctloneer.lSIS Mkt. ;tel.Howard 275(5.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 44C2.
buys rents, repairs, packs furnlttire. carpets.
HAIB DBE33rjTQ. '
YOUNG woman wishes few engagements for
(shampooing, manicuring, scalp treatment.
Phone Capp 3573.
HELP WAXTED — FEMALE.
AT S. F. EMP. BUREAU. 17 Fourth st.
Youny fflrl for offlce, city $15
2 waitresses, city, nice places.. $25 and fd.
Nurse. girl, city, very easy Job ?20 and fd.
2 women for housework.. .15 and fd.
Housekeeper, city. 2 men '...$25 and fd.
Woman housekeeper, 1 in family. .$15 and fd.
;; girls, •" salesladies, Oakland $7 week.
Call early to-day, girls; new Jobs. .
S. F. EMP. BUREAU . . . .Phone Grant 26
A— WANTED — Girls to learn halrdresstng.
manicuring, etc.: trade taught from A to.Z
in 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill Immediately; positions guaran-
teed at 810 per week up; leading school in
West. 233 Geary St.. room 13.
A Girls to learn millinery now for fall season; 1
both seasons taught from start to finish in 1
month for $10; positions as trimmers, sales-
ladies, etc., guaranteed at $10 per week up: ¦
. day and evening class. 143 Stockton St.. r. 13.
A — LADIES. to learn all branches halrdresstnc
trade; manicuring, massage, etc. 1236 Mar-
ket et.. cor. Jones, room 94; positions secured
' at highest wages: day and eve. class; call.
A BRIGHT, quick woman for position requiring
some executive ability; must have .had at
least ¦ five years' actual business experience.
Box 4715, Call. ,
WANTED — By a wholesale house. 8 young
women to ' fill temporary, positions; must be
accurate at figures. Box 4500, Call.
WANTED— Willing girl under 20 to assist in
family of 7 In Berkeley. Box 20, Call office
Berkeley.
A LADY of Indomitable energy to make money
¦ and -a* convincing talker. F. PERSON 47«
and i 478 Parrott building.
__j_ ' *
WANTED — Experienced ' cashiers. Apply bu-
perlntendent'H office. Emporium.
GERMAN girl;" plain cooking and housework.
172i;Broderick Et.
GIRL'for general: housework; no cooking; $20-
come prepared for work. . 336 Third st.
GOOD waitress. Capital Restaurant, 206 Mc-
• Alltster at., above Hyde.' ' "
HELP WAHTEP— FEMALE- -C«m.
EKWINO MACHINE OPERATORS AJfD RIV-
ETERS: NO EXPERIENCE NECE&SARY;
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS * | CO. 3
FACTORIES. 32>4 FREMONT ST. AND IStS
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
GOOD hands on vests who know how to make
buttonholes. Cll'j Stevenson st.
WANTED— A good lady barBer, German, r-
good sober young man. Address JO«-
MENSINGER. Raker City. Or.
EXPERIENCED bodice, sleeve hands and stock
girl. Dressmaking Department White House.
SALESLADIES for lace department. Apply
Superintendents Offlce. Emporium. :
FIRST-CLASS hairdresser. Apply Dlehl Hair
Store, 52S Fourteenth st.. Oakland.
I WANTED— Experienced saleswomen. Apply
between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
BOOKFOLDERS: experienced operators want-
ed. F. MALLOYE. 422 Sacramento at.
CANVASSERS wanted: permanent employment.
Room 9. St. Elmo. BOS^ 15th st.. Oakland.
EDUCATED elderly German Catholic lady 3»
children's nurse; $3 per week. 1071 Mar*»t.
FIRST-CLASS stenographers furnished. Miss
M. Or Barrett. Instructor. S02 Montgomery.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscription* received at
Call Branch o.'flce. cor. Duncan A Chorch sts.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia st. '
HELP WASTED — MALE.
A— "muRRAyTrEADT. 634-&-16 Clay st.
Phone Main 5S4S.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
1002 we gave 1903 we'll give
45,000 men work. 60,000 men work.
ARIZONA.
ARIZONA.
OREGON NEVADA.
Southern Pacific and Santa Fe systems; free
pass
ON EVERY TRAIN.
Section hands, muckers, drillers, cstra gangs,
teameters, hnmmersmen.
STABLES FARMS ORCHARDS. DAIRIES.
Farm and orchard hand*. $30, $35, $40 fd. ;
milkers. $30 to $50 and found.
Stablemen, city, country Jobs. $30 to ?60.
063 woodchpppers.
297 tlemakers.
COOKS. WAITERS. PORTERS.
Cooks, hotels restaurants, camps, mines and
ranches, city and country $30 to $70 ani
found: waiters city and country'. $25 to $45
and found; butchers, different Jobs. $40. $90.
MURRAY & READY. 634-G36 Clay St.
CABINETMAKER. $3 50 DAY.
HEAD DONKEY MAN. WOODS SOUTH.
! Striper and letterer. all-round painter, $3 day.
2 coatmakers. $5 per ccat.
Married farmer. $45 and house; 2 boys, learn
painting, $5.
j Tinsmith. $3 to $3 50 day
I OLD MEXICO— FREE FARE.
Carriage trimmer, boss here
Gang edgerraan. lumber co..' north. $65 fd.
COAL MINERS— OREGON— FREE FARE.
PLUMBERS.
3 plumbers, country. 3 months* steady Job, $4.
FOREMAN
For orchard to start $50 found
MURRAY & READY. 634-6SC Clay st.
J55 ITALIANS. NEW R. R. WORIC
155 GREEKS. NEW R. R. JVORK.
155 AUSTRIAN'S. NEW R. R. WORK.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
HANDY man, lay carpets, furniture store $15
week, country Job; blacksmith helper, $1 75
day: baker's helper, $25 found; baker,
country, $15 week; buggy washer, $55.
country; stableman. $00; middle, aged Ger-
man, carry bread. $5& found: choreman. $20
found; milk wagon driver. $35 found; cook,
hotel, from $25 to $45 found. ¦
SECTION R. R. BOSS.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S EMP. OFFICE.
420 Bush st. 642 Clay st.
I Offlce clerk, country hotel, single man.. $75
Night clerk, same place, single man $40
, Only those with first-class hotel experience
need apply.
Confectioner, $75; bread baker. $60; both for
first-class hotel. Honolulu, start Saturday,
the 2»th; apply Friday: free fare.
Second cook* country hotel .-. $60
Presser. gentlemen's clothes, flrst-class coun-
try hotel, fare paid, $10 found; waiter, coun-
try hotel. 530; waiter and open oysters, $45;
chef and second, country hotel. $100.
Ranch blacksmith $35 and found
C. It. HANSEN & CO'S EMP. OFFICE.
420 Bush ft 642 Clay et.
WANTED — A sober and Industrious young man
to solicit orders and take charge of delivery
wagon for a wholesale liquor house; must
furnl&h bond; applications, stating former
occupatlcn, -with good references, will only
be considered. Address box 471ft, Call office.
IF you are not satisfied with your salary, we
have an opening whereby ycu can earn legiti-
mately $40 weekly: gentlemanly occupation;
good address, business knowledge necessary-
Royal Mercantile Co.. suite 19. Columbian bid.
A PLEASANT faced, fine appearing, good sur-
ceon; positively no other; must be between
40 and 55 and srjod cass taker: no traveling;
salary about $150. Box 4717. Call office.
WANTED — An Al fruit and produce salesman;
good position for right party; state experi-
ence and salary expected. Address box 471-S,
Call offlce.
WANTED — Night steward and cash'er for res-
taurant and bakery: must understand busi-
ness ; sober and have first-class references.
Call 3S Fourth st.. after '8 a. m.
GOVERNMENT positions— Call at room 14.
firth floor. 305 Larkln st., for free informa-
tion as to positions, salaries, age limits, «tc. :
day or evenings.
WANTED — Young man who is a first-class
dry roods bundle wrapper. Apply at HALE
BROS.'
1 A MAN of Indomitable en«rgy and push, a good
talker, eager to make money. F. PERSON,
477 and 47S Parrott building.
1 . _ " . ~~7
A LUNCHMAN for saloon. 1053 Market St.
WANTED — A flrst-class dishwasher; $30 per
month. Nevada House, Potrero. .
MALE and female solicitors can make good
money: hustlers only. Call at 142 Powell st.
WANTED — Dishwasher. 26 Sacramento street.
WHY pay big prices to hare your shoes half-
soled wbea you can get It done for 23c. Me
and 60c while you watt at S63 Mts»to« st..
bet. 1st and 2d «ts.. or 11 Third st.? -
WANTED — Flrst-class fancy goods man to go
to Stockton: state age. experience and salary
expected. Apply box 4732. Call.
WANTED — First-class men's furnishing goods
man to go to Stockton; state age. experience
and salcry expected. Apply box 4731. Call.
GOOD talkers, acquainted with wage-earners,
can make big money. 554 Parrott bldg.
WANTED — Marker and distributor. The.
French Laundry Co.. 3372 Mission st.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 DO pair; foot-form shoes at $2 8<>; w« p*/
express or mail charges. 11 3d St.. Exam. bid.
WANTED — An all around bookbinder; on* who
can do forwarding and finishing on full
bounds. Apply SANBORN. VAIL A CO...
741 Market st.
WANTED— A flrst-class finisher and polisher;
only those with good references and sober
need apply. Jackson Furniture Co., 323
Twelfth st.. Oakland.
MEN wanted to learn the barber tra.de la two
months and secure good positions: catalogue
mailed free. MOLEJt System College. 63a
Clay st-
W ANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, har
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House.'
217 Third %*.; 250 rooni; 2Sc to BCc per night.
BARBER trade taught In one month; new
method. Address W. C. B.. room 111. St.
Ann's building, 6 Eddy et. -¦
PAPER rulers; flrst-class Job ruler wanted. F.
MALLOYE, 422 Sacramento at.
BARBER 'shop wanted In good country towr>.
Particulars, address S. C. T.. Xapa. Cal.
MEN to learn barber trade; good positions fur-
. nlshed. Apply 611 Commercial st.
BUSHELMAN and pants maker for country.
Apply REISS BROS.. 24 Sutter st.
2-CHAIR barber shop for sale; on account of
other 1 business. 704 Polk st.
BARBERS— Largest and best paying barber
shop and baths in 8an Francisco for sale
Inqnire DECKELMAN'S. 100 Ellis st.
MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed.
-> S. y. Barber School. 741A Howard «t~
PENSION ATTT. M. HARRIS. 40 EUU St.- 14
years' practice: references from thousands of
persoss for whom I have secured pensions.
P £E SIO i J »"»-"¦ R A. Bullls. room 40. Phelati
bldg. Past Com. Oeo. H. Thorns PoaV.O.A.R7
MCDONALD ft PERRY hav* a large stock of
new and second-hand shoes; cheap. 330 3d st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket-700 rooms. 33c night: reading Voomi:
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A £ VERTISEMENTS « ««t>«crtPtions received at
Call Branch offlce. cor. Duncan * Church sts.
ALL sires men's shoe., slightly damaged. haJf
price. 563 Mission st.. bet, let and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting; 23c
to 80c 663 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
EMPLOYMENT °J?£}£JZJ':
GEORGE~A7>Kir"«ripost «t.; tel. Bush 135—
Japanese-Chinese employment otflce; fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help, etc.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell. TeL Main 5752.
A— GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office, 415
Stockton; tel. Grant 163; expert, reliable help.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMEXT WASTED — FEMALE.
YOUNG woman with a child wishes general
housework for grown people or cooking for
men en a ranch; can do chamberwork and
waiting at table in hotel or boarding-house.
Address 190 Preclta ave., necr Mission st.
Tel. Capp 1831.
RESPECTABLE middle aged woman wishes to
do General hcueewqrk or housekeeping If re-
quired; gr»i<l reference. t31 Colton St., be-
tween Brady and Market.
WANTED by young lady, with knowledge of
Spanish, position as stenographer: best refer-
ences: any salary. Address Urgent, box
4723. Call. '
YOUNG lady who has had training In a sant-
tarlum would like to care for invalid lady or
gentleman, or as companion. Address "L,"
212 South Second St.. San Jcxie. Cal.
FIRST-CLASS nuroe wants work In confine-
ment case; kind to children; reference. Box
472. Call.
'YOUNG married woman, best references,
wishes to take charge of rooms In return for
clean housekeeping rooms. Box 4722. Call.
EXPERIENCED nurse wishes a few more en.
giigements; charges reasonable. F13 O'Far-
rell St.; phone Larkin C12.
SITUATION wnr.ted j by lady as manicurist In
a shaving rarlor. 'Box 4750. Call offlce.
LADY barber wishes work Saturdays. Box
4724, Call.
A' FINE nianlrt, accompanist and teacher
(lady) desires engagements; will give In-
structions In exchange for room and board.
Bos 4730. Call office.
STENOGRAPHER with experience in mtme-
ugraphy desires situation: willing to start
with small salary. Address box 47, Call
Branch, Church and Duncan.
A COMPETENT German woman wants wash-
Ing and Ironing by the day. Call 1203 Val-
lejo st.
HOUSEWORK of any kind. Including mend-
ing-, 20 cents per hour. Address box 50, Call
Branch, Church and Duncan.
WOMAN would like situation by the day,
wishing and house cleaning. 131G Shotwell
St., between 26th nnd 27th.
A CAPABLE, clean housekeeper will take full
charge rooming-house for use of three good
living rooms. Box 47i3, Call offlce.
A REFINED middle-aged lady wants a posi-
tion as housekeeper for a small family. Ap-
ply or address Mrs. V. P.. 1059 Pacific st.
WOMAN wishes position as cook In private
farr'ly; city or country. Call at 47 Shipley.
YOUNG French girl wishes position as second
work; $25 per month. 11»A Sixth st.
COLORED girl for offlce or upstairs work;
sleep at home. 418% Natoma St.
GOOD German girl wishes position for gen-
eral housework; wages $25. 170!»% Eddy et.
SITUATION wanted by lady ae. manicurist In
a shaving parlor. Eox 4750. Call of nee.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan <: Church *ts.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
MARRiED^an,''agedTir^oodTieaTthThabTts
and perceptive qualities, rapid and accu-
rate, with figures, understands bookkeeping,
last 7 years' experience mercantile business
and mining In Southeastern Alaska, desires
a permanent situation: can furnish city ref-
erences end bond If required; In that or sim-
ilar lines will pay $10 to any one assisting to
procure the game. Box 4737, Call office.
LANDSCAPE gardener and orchurdlst; knows
his duties; to lay out or start a new orchard,
etc.; also pruning grafting, dried fruits;
wants place to care for or do pruning; first-
class work. Address O. G.. ei^Misslon st.
CHRISTIAN young man wishes a situation
with a priest or Catholic Institution, city or
. country, by December 1. Box 4725, Call.
WANTED— A position by a real Handy Andy
. in kitchen and chamber; can drive and use
tools. Box 4721. Call.
BARTENDER wants position In city or coun-
try; young man. Box 227, Haywards, Cal.
MIDDLE-AGED man would like a situation as
watchman. Address box 4720. Call.
POSITION wanted by thoroughly reliable Scan-
dinavian on city or country place as coach-
man, gardener and general utility man; can
milk and understands his business thorough-
ly; references. Box 4594. Call offlce.
FIRST-CLASS Installment houses — For your
domestic . dry goods department, experienced
salesman In linens, curtains, blankets, eta ;
excellent stock keeper; fust-class references.
Box 4757. Call offlce.
GARDENER, . understands flowers, vegetables,
small fruits, first-class horseman, wants
work on private place; reference. Box 4743,
Call offlce. -
ADVERTISER will give $25 to any one- pro-
curing him position; age 34; height 5 ft. 8 in.:
strong and active;, no objection to hard work
of any kind. Box 4748. Call offlce.
A GENTLEMAN of 'large business experience
lately from tho East Is open for active em-
ployment; is an expert r.ccountant; executive
or manager. Box 4751. Call. .
WANTED — Position as bookkeeper or as assist-
ant by; young roan of 5 years' .experience;
quick, accurate and good penman; "can give
best of references. Box 4554, Call offlce.
STEADY, reliable man and wife wish to take
charge of a gentleman's place or* a stock
ranch: good references. S. D.. 77 Ninth st.
GERMAN. 30 years old.' -3 years in country,
wants-work as porter or other work. ; Box,
4734. Call offlce. ..
BARBER, first-class wants nteady Job.' Please
. address THEO. WUESTEMANN. care
Charles Tamm, ; 369 Eartlett st.. S. F.-
YOUNG man, speaks French and Italian, wants
position as coachman or -to care for horses;
good driver. Address box 4740. Call offlce.
BARTENDER— a" firet-class. steady man;
with cood references; must have work; Box
4729 Call.; < . .
FIRST-CLASS groom (English) desires situa-
tion. Cox 473B, Call ' offlce.
YOUNG German wants work of any kind. $1 60
day. 3823 Army at. .-. ¦ "
BARBER I wants position : short hours ; steady.
Address box 4733. Call -offlce. \. • '
STUDENT wants position In dental laboratory;
has had 1 year's experience, . Box 4532, Call.
THE^CALL
JOia p. SPRSCZX&3. Proprietor, j
tMns ccEffisiicatloss ta IDHS KcKADGHT, ittiager
\V. J. MARTIN Business Manager.
Aik for THE CALL. The . Operator Will Con-
nect You With th» Department You Wish.
Publication Office Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial Booms 217 to 22L Stevenson st
Delivered, by Carriers. 20 Cts. Per Week. 7J
Ct«. Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Terms by Mall. Including Postage (Cash Wltfc
OrCer): . ¦" M
DAILT CALL Onclud. Sunday). 1 year..$*.«
DAILY CALL (includ. Sunday). « mos.. 4.O9
DAILT CALL — By Single Month "5c
EI'KDaT CALL. 1 Year 2.60
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year 1.00
~, BPirM f Daily... $8. 80 Per Year Extra
£?<*£<££ ' funda-.. 4.15 Per Year Extra,
POSTAGE. I weekly.. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Cample Ccsles will be forwarded when re-
quested.
Mail »tir*erlbers in ©r3erinr <*a«ge °* *&
£re*s f.n~uld be particular to rive both rrtw
AND OLD ADDRESS in crder to Insure a
prompt an« correct compliance with tfteir re-
quest. '
OAKLAND OFFICE:
XI18 Breaeway Telephone Main 1088.
BERKELEY OFFICE:
*14S Center Street . Telephone Norto TT.
WASHINGTON "CORRESPONDENT:
MORTON E. CRANE... 1408 G Street. N. W. (
NEW YORkIcEWS STANDS:
Waldorf - Astoria Hotel: A. Brentano. SI
Union Sauar*: Murray Hill Hotel; Flftb-aTe-
ru« Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. „*••»¦ 9°ii»^m
Northern Hotel: Tremcnt House: Audlton-a»
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS...Marquette Bn.ld g.
(Leng Distance Telephone. "Central 2618. ) ;
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Bra
Call, correr Market and' Third streets; <£?ea ,
urtll 12 o'ck>-k every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES: ¦
C27 Mrr.trcmery .street, corner Clay; open un-
til 9:30 p. ta. „ I
£00 H«>es ureet; open until 8:30 p. ro. 1
C3» McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. -JB.
ri5 Larkln street: open until 0:30 p. m.
:M1 Mission street; open until 10 p. in. .
rtttl Market street, corner Slxteentn: open
unti! 9 p. m.
K« Eleventh street"; open until fc p. ta.
1*.,r. valecc'.a street: open until 8 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan st*3£ts.
<pen until 9 p.m. _*- *
Northwest corner of Twenty ¦> *eeond ana •
Kentucky streets: epen until 9 p. m.
•"""n FHlrrire wtr»et: open until ft p. m.
r-ytrttf-H. s^H VTCF.S.
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Post and
Mascn streets: Rev. George C. Adams. D. D..
r^ tor— Union Thanksgiving services at 11
h m , First Unitariar • »nd First Congrega- (
t ions' churches uniting; pension by Re\\ Dr. .
Af-.m*; topic. "They Seek a Better Coup- j
t-y" '-pedal music by the choirs of both 1
churches: the publiccordially invited. j
UNITARIAN "church (First). SW. cor G»ery !
ard 7rarkli:i sts.--Rev. Bradford Leavltt.
minister ( The Sur.day-sch'Vl is at 1U o clock.
The n'ornir-K service 1* at 11 o clock. A
union f «rvlce will be heM In the First Con-
(.repati-r.al Chm.h. corwr Pest and Mason
sts. M »i<- by the combJned choirs. j
MEETING NOTICES. j
A SPECIAL meeting of San Fran- c=»' ¦
citco Cor.nstorj No. 1. A. and JjBF '
A S. R*t<, will V* held in Com- fIl_^!BCL_rjl ¦
tli. II. Masonic ]>mple, ifesjyyjgil
on THURSDAY EVENING. No- iFggJhl*! 1 ,'
ranfcer :'<J. J**«, at 7:30. Re-^ "iRr » :
r'n.i-5 ,.; r,«nt;.r.s. riSt ¦
HrlXR' BURNER. Registrar. .¦
eoiTH »in Francisco Lodge No. 212, J5 1
V. a:,: A. M.. meets THIS (THURS-VV
DAY* EVENING at 7 o'clock tor third /VN
jjegT'e. Master Masons cordially ln-
Viico r« '.-Jtr of the Master.
E. C. HARE. Secretary.
DORIC Lodge No. 21C. F. and A. M.— ¦ ,Q .
Th.r.' degree ":HIS (THURSDAY) VSf
.KOKKUCG. 9:30 ©clock. Master Ma- /V\
rr.nt ccniially iiivlu-d: By order of
-.K- Master. J.-R. GOLDSMITH. Sec'y.
ORDER *jf Scottith Clans Twenty- .
t.;th anniversary celebration — Clan C 3c«
Frsucr No. 7S will celebrate the JlSSirm.
i»tr.tv?trtK anniversary with a I
e-an* lit-rary t-ntertainment and J^T^ j
i -.:\ on FRIDAY EVENING. No- •* |
v-iaber 27. «.n the Scottish Hall, III Larkin j
«¦;. Eoetttsk sonr* by Uie best talent to be ¦
.tuocura'. in Pan ? r»nrt*-co. Addrew? by the '
Rev. William K. Outhrie. Music by Fair- i
Sieve's Scotch Orchestra. Come early and i
stcuic icatfc. A<jn;*sion 2.">c.
• WILLIAM CORMACK. Chief.
ALEXANDER KINfl. Secretary.
SAN FKANCISCU Scottish Thistl* v C7 v. '
<';iil — Keru".ir T~cnUily "smoker"' 3. (%%}! I
Tilt? CTHVBSDXXt KVENING. e •&SL%£
o'clock. Fraternity Hall ."2 O'Far "'fc^T^fc ,
:<il «. GEORGE \V. MILLER. Royal Chief, j
OEOBUK JV. PATEP.PON. Recorder. j
THE Gas Wcrkerfi " Vrlon No. 0S4, A. F. of!
L., will hold a i-peria! meeting SATURDAY |
KVENIXG. November t58. at 8 o'clock, at 1
Fidelity Hall. Alcazar bids- All members !
are reyut;£ted to attend.
JAMKr RUSSELL. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived application to mine by hydraulic pro- '
«•»•?« from Omega Placer Mining Co., In !
• jnr.ejra Placer Mine, near Washington. Ne- I
vada County. Cal.. draining Into Scotch-
Fco-.chmans Cr«».k. which reaches Yuba
rx-er; irom W. H. Murchie, In Murchle
Mir.». Mir Nevada City. Nevada County, j
Oct.. draining into Deer Creek. which j
:«a<-he« Yuba River; and from W. I. Wad- 1
wiph. in Badger Mine and Liberty Hill
Vine, nesr Dutch Flat. Nevada County. Cal.,
rt'-a^nir.K into Stump Ca-ayon, which reaches
n«»r nive>-. gives notice that a meeting will
l-» \-.*;<l at room 99. Flood building, San
Frum-isco. Cal.. Dec. 7. 1903. at 1:30 p. m.
AGEXTS WAVTEa
IF you would rather let porch climbers and
burglars have your jewels than to pay $5 j
for an absolute detector, that Is your busi- i
ness. Sole agency. 400 R!a!to building. j
AGENTS — An agency for a proposition that Is I
a decided improvement un buliding and loan
i£ worth having. Great Western Impro\'e- j
raent Company. Parrott buildln;. !
ATTORXEYS-AT-LAW.
W. H^ BITTNER. ~~*
ATTORNEY AXD COUNlsELOR AT LAW.
Advice free, i'hone South 743.
Euit 322. Emma Spreckels building.
rivcro* quietly and legally obtained for
e:ght cat: 1*1; damages secured for Injuries to
petToe or estate: replevins for property un-
lawfully detained: attachments and garnish-
ments fcr lebts; bond* furnished; bankruptcy
proceedings: wills probated; estates aetUed;
collections made in si] Darts of the U. S.
ADVICE FREE. "
OLD ESTABLISHED.
COLUMBIAN LAW & COLLECTION AGENCY
Able «ttcrn»ys. P.m. S3. 910 Market, opposite
Emporium. Bad tenants ejected speedily and
reasonably. Collections, no matter bow email.
attended to; attachments; bonds furnished; cor-
porations organised; civil and criminal practice..
Tel. John 6220. Opes evenings by appointment.
We solicit an Interview with you.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for a small tee.
Bee me and save money; no pay In advance.
O. W. HOWK. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
E»t*bll*hed 22 ttt.: rmi. J. 2, Z. 4 & 6. 1st fi.
1122 Market et.. between Mason and Taylor.
Advice free, all matter*. Detectives employed.
AA— THE Lecal Advisory, inc.; reliable attor-
neys; practice In all courts; attachments di-
vorce, estates, bankruptcy, probate. "OIL
tllA. tllB Croasley blig.. N. E. «r. New
Montgomery and Mission rts.; tel. John 2320.
ROBT. W. KINO, atty-at-law. Examiner bid
room €11: all cacem, damages, estates, wills,
attacBttxtta. collections, etc.. consultation
free; n> advance cbarres; cal! or write;
«v«Btogrf by appointment. TeL Red 3001.
ADVICE free— I will advance cost in merltorl-
obs cases, divorce., probate and all othw law
l?*^ ?? f^JJ n * av *nee; open every eren-
tag. t. M. THTJRSTON. 819 Market St.. r. 81.
TOVOBCE— Costs. $12; quick, quiet; advice
free; epen eveninjrs. 827 Market et.. r. SOL
DIVOnCE costs $12; quick and quiet: open
evenings. Examiner baildlnr. room 315.
L. B. CLARK, Emms, Bpreckels bldg. 027 Mar.
ket tt.; coatnltaUon free; no fees In advance.
ADVTCE fre«: no charge unless successful- all
law bcslpe— . W. W. Davidson. 027 Market.
BIRDS. DOGS. ETC
WARBLING canaries, talking parrots; all
kladi of soar and fancy birds: goldfish, seed
eixci, etc Give ui a trial; we will plesj*
yon. W Market st.
BCSIXESS CHANCES.
A— " MERCHANTS. ATTENTION. "
D» you wish to enlarge your business, or do
yoa de«Jre- additional capital? If to we can
fargnsh 70a with an active or s!!ent partner
who will Invest from $100 to SSO/KK); we
k*r» m. large number of deelmble applicants
•B ear books seekta* rood business opening*.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT CO..
Suit 821. F-rPT** Spreckels building. ,
V/TTTTV I00&— Dressmaking p*r'.ore; cheap
r«Dt; OM location for any other business;
KoMkMplBtT rooma, furnished; J125.
LODGIXG HOUSES FOn^Al^E^Cjan.
ELEGANT comer flat. S rooms. Western. Ad-
dition; rent $-".5; cheap. $900; large list of
houses. 6 to 200 rooms. EITEL & CARROLL.
212 Kearny st. ¦
SPIRITUALISM.
PROF. Fred P. Evnna. noted psychic for slate-
writing and clairvoyance: stamp fcr circular.
1112 Eddy St., nr. Octavla; phone Scott 887
ELSIE REYNOLDS, grand materializing se-
ance, Thursday eve., 50c. 328_EIHs; b o'clock.
C. V MILLER'S Thanksgiving materializlcg
seance to-night. 8 o'clock. $1. 1C94 Bush st.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-night;
10c; private readings to-day. 61!t McAllister.
MRS. C. KOTTER— Test circle to-night; devel-
oping circle Mon.: sittings dally. 34 Cth st.
MRS. HARLAND'S Thanksgiving test circle
to-night. 10c; readings dally; POc. $1. 148 6th.
MRS A. R. SMITH of Portland. 706 Polk St..
room 26. The Gladstone, corner Eddy st.
EDWARD EARLE, 1052 Ellis, readings dally.
0:30 to 4; seances Sunday and Thursday.
clairvoyants. '
~ p!Tofessor~paul destine,
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever in San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge If I fall to tell your name, occu-
pation and what you called for; I promise to ten
you whether husband, wife or sweetheart is true
or false; tell you who and when you will marry;
in fact. I will tell you every hope, fear or ambi-
tion better than you can tell ycurself; I will give
you luck that wins success in love.marriage.di-
vorce, business, speculation, mining, health and
lost vitality, etc. ; hours 10 a. in. to 8 p. m.
326 — O'Farrell st.— o-'J. Readings $1.
MME. M. BERNARD, THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently locatej at 17 Third st.. next Examiner
bldg. ; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the .
present happenings and portrays events to
occur in the future; If you are in trouble,
discontented or not satisfied In life, or have
domestic, love or. business troubles, consult
this great medium and ycu will be told how
to overcome them; valuable advice In. all af-
fairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction guaran-
teed: readinss by mail. Tel. Black 4563.
A— PRESIDENT DIAZ
OF MEXICO says:
"You hav* demonstrated to what perfection
¦ your studies in this science /have been car-
ried."
L— I— V— O— R— N— O,
THE WORLD- RENOWNED PALMIST
AND CRYSTAL GAZER.
34 KEARNY STREET,
Over Hammsrsmlth & Field's. Tel. Black 2435.
[r-TSee portrait of Mrae. Livorno and orig-
Inal testimonials at entrance. ;
IS'MAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
St.. cor. Tark; rrivate readings daily. 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m. ; readings by mall as satisfac-
tcry as in person; 3 questions answered, $1;
full life, $5: send lock of hair, dat* and year
cf birth: don't send currency. Send postofflce,
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
MISS ZEMDAR. young, gifted cialr. & palm.,
hes second sight; a wonderful prophetess.
I correctly treat your love affairs, domestic
trouble, bus. and financial success; names;
L.. 5Cc; G.. $1. 714 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.
COME AND HAVE TOUR LIFE READ
BY MRS. DR. E. PANDERS,
And Learn Mental TUeeraphy.
418 Post St.; hours 10 to 8.
MRS. A. H. Kronenbers. palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader, will give a gocd reading. 10c. for
a short time only; when others fall try me to
convince yourself. 721 Franklin; near Turk.
MME. VEINA. wonderful trance medium and
card reader: Just returned from long ab-
sence. 400 Geary, near Mason, room 1. !
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given: 2. r >c up. 5 4th St., near Market.
MISS WARD gives r.smes, dates and facts;
hours 11 a. m. to 9 p. m. 413 Meson; no sign.
MRS. AVERY. clairvoyant card» reader, 940
Howard st. ; ladies only: 25c; no sign.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
26% Keainy. rocm 20; ladies 25c; gents 50c.
MME. LAMAR, wonderful palmist; card read-
er; 25c, 50c. 520 Jones st.; hours 1-9 p. m.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader: sit-
tings dally. 44S% Jessie St., bet. 5th and tith.
A WEEK'S news forc 5 cent* — The Weekly Call.
16 rapes, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
CARPET HEATING A.\D CLEANING.
AIR compressed, dry. ice cold. Is now univer-
sally used In sanitary cleaning carpets, on
floor, without removal or injury; prices med-
erate. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call bid.; phone Main 6237.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 355-357 Tehama. st. ; tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1800 Har-
rison St.: Al cleaning; 3c; tel. Mission 225.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J. McQueen,
proprietor. 329 Guerrero St., tel. Mission 49.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 30». GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH * CO., carpet-beattng works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. : tel. Mission 2C3-
CONKLIN'S K-jperior Cnrpet-beatlng Works,
3.13 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected Tor $4 :- collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, room* fl-10: tel. S5S6.
COTTAGES TO LET.
MODERN furnished cottage. 114 Hawthorne
St.. near Folsom. between Second and Third.
credit clothisbs.
c?~f~adXms~c67~~. „ „
special credit store.
We clothe the whole family from hats to
shoes; everything up to rlate at cash prices.
Credit for all. 318 Mascn st.
CTJI.ES RTJPTTTBE.
WHO DOES IT? HUNTER. 1206 Market tt.
Bend for circular. Why will you nuffer?
DENTISTS.
DR. GRUSS. 504-5-6 Callaghan bids.. Market
and McAllister st«.. uses the Basford Obtun-
der. the only device ever Invented for grind-
ing, drilling and excavating teeth absolutely
without pain. For demonstration and proef
. call at offlce.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1413 Market. nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new;" teeth
from $8 per pet; extracting 5Oc; gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone— cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs; crown. $3 50; fillings. 50c;
plates, $5; full set; all work palnl»F» and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Srt teeth SI _0 up: crowns $2 up: fillings. 25c.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver, 35:; crowns, $2; no
pain; open Sunday. Dr.O.B. Hewitt. 204 Sutter.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SKAMSTKK.VSK*
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory, llu Taylor.
McDOWELL Dressmaking &. Millinery School —
I Patterns cut to measure ;eve.class. 1018 Mrkt.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD' S^'bU^sTn^sT^OLLEGE. 24 POST. S
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches; day
and night sessions; illustrated catalogue free.
AYRKS. the leading business college. 723 Mar-
' ket st.: special summer course in all depart-
ments; handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
ship, $50; day and evening sections. ,
CALIFORNIA Business College, 305 Larkln it.
"A thorough school"; positions secured for
graduates; modern methods; individual in-
struction. Write for illustrated catalogue.
HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk st.,
between Pir.e and California; both adult and
children's classes are now oper^for the season.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, lay and medical colleges;
ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor; day and evenine sessions. ' Pheian bldg.
THE PAUL GERSON School of Acting, the
foremost institution of the kind. in the entire
West: 12 teachers; send for catalogue. Na-
tive Sons' bide. 414 Mason et..,
A— SAN FRANCISCO Business College, 1238
Market st. — Practical, progressive, reliable;
day and evening sessions; write for catalogue.
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday," Sun-
day eves., Teutonia Hall, Howard st., nr.
Uth. Prof. Foster; society dancing taught.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mln., mech.; sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. ev,; rst. 1804. Van
der Nalllen School. 313 Fulton, nr. City HalL
HKALD'S School of Mines & Elfcctrlcity,24 Post
st.. t5. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
' completn equinment. Special catalogue free.
EUGENE DEFOREST SCHOOL OF ACTING.
Saratoga Hall. 840 Geary St.: call 2 to 5.
f SCHOOL OK ILLUSTRATION..:. Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine St.... Night claS3.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. Oth.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
1 received at Call branch of fir*. 2200 Fillmore st.
- BUSINESS CHABTCES— Cj-nftny d.
R. G. WILKE, Real Estate and Business
Agent (established 14 years). 20% Kearny
et., rooma 9 and 10. /
\ A $1600 COFFEE ealoon and restaurant on
( the water front, close to Market St.; -dally
1 receipts about $65; business clearing $300 per
month; trial given; a splendid offer: Investi-
gate at once. See R. G. WILKE. 26&
Kearny st.
A — $3500; HOTEL and barroom with 30
in Point Richmond; rent $100; rooms always
occupied by employes of railroad and Stand-
ard Oil Company; board bill guaranteed by
company; owner never clears less than $300
per mentfc. Call R. O. WILKE, 26%
Kearny st.
A— $900; SALOON on water front, with 8 fur-
nished rooms; 3 iron bedsteads in each room;
2\b years' lease; rent $45; rooms alone pay
{70 per month and saloon doing a good busi-
neee. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $350; EMPLOYMENT offlce. doing a good
business; must be sold at once on account
of sickness in owner's family. Call It G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
1 A— $1800; HALF interest in one of the best
corner saloons on water front; lease; dis-
agreement of partners cause of sale; will
sell whole for $3400. Call R. G. WILKE,
26% Kearny st.
A— $1250: CORNER saloon on Fourth st, close
to S. P. freight sheds; 8 furnished rooms
and kitchen: a good paying business. See
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — $800; DAIRY produce and delicatessen
etore; rent $22; business clears above $100
per month: living roome; value in sight.
Call R. O. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $2000; SALOON on Kearny st.. about 2
blocks from Chronicle building: place estab-
lished years and doing a good business: or
one partner will eell his Interest for $10Oi);
disagreement cause of sale. See R. G.
WILKE. 26U Kearny et. •
A— $1200; COFFEE saloon and bakery: close to
Pheian building; a good paying business,
but must be sacrificed on account cf owner
being sick in hosoital. Particulars R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st. •
A— $3250; LEADING saloon on Market and
M-fon ets.; net rent $150; lease with priv-
ilege of o years more: value In sight. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— tC50; CIGAR etand on Montgomery *t.: a
f"00 cigar stand on Ellis St.; stock at in-
voice; a $200 cigar stand on Third St.; stock
at invoice: a $4<X) d?ar stand on Eddy st..
stock at invoice. Call R. G. WILKE. 28%
Kearny rt. . ;
A— $1250- COFFEE *a.".oor. on Geary st. : rent
?45. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny St.
STRANGERS. ATTENTION !
Are you looking for a safe and profitable busi-
ness optnlns. in San Francisco? If so. we can
offer you any number requiring an investment
from $100 to $50.C00: every business oppor-
tunity that parses through our offlce must
stand the c!oee«t Investigation, and we can
place you in a etore. factory, hotel, mill, of-
flce. or, in fact, any business you may prefer;
kindly call and Investigate.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT CO.,
Suit 321. Emma Spreckels building.
A— $1200; SALOON on Market St.: rent $40.
£3000 — Furniture business; rent $35.
*U00 — Butcher phop; good buy; Investigate.
gi 100 — Restaurant: up to date: north Market.
GOLDEN GATE REAL ESTATE CO.. 3 Taylor
ONE-CHAIR barber shop, with furnished bed-
, rcom; rent $G 50; Income $75 to $05 monthly;
'j'Hce $:*>. Address MARTIN BORNIS, El-
raira. Cal.
A SAFE INVESTMENT.
$!C00 cayh and eervlces secures half Interest
in esUiblis-he.i Installment house; investment
secured hik! $50 weekly arsured.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT CO.,
Suite 221, Emma Spreckels building.
A RARE opportunity for an active business
man with about ?30.000 to become a part-
ner in a splendid raying old established
wholesale liquor business. Box 473S, Call.
FOR SALE — A weii established harness busi-
ness in the thriving city of Chlco. For par-
ticulars call on L. D. STONE & CO.. 417
Market St.. cr write to box 203; Chlco.
~ A SAFE INVESTMENT.
$1000 cash and services secures half Interest
in established installment . house; investment
secured and $50 weekly as5ured.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT CO..
Suit 321. Emma Spreckels building.
CIGAR etore; elegant location, fronting the
entrance of two saloons; stock at Invoice;
a snap for the right party. Apply at CHAS.
MATTHEAS & CO.'S. 1430 Market st.
$500--PARTNER light work; $1-0 month easily.
Particulars 619 Eryant e».
A WORKINGMAN with $400 wanted as part-
ner in etore business: must be steady, will-
ing to work and satisfied with $75 to $85
monthly. MARIN CO.. 2-"5 Kearny st.
AN old established whol.sale produce commis-
sion business for sale; owner wishes to re-
tire. Price reasonable. Box 4507, Call office.
t
LIGHT manufacturing business; over half
profit; small carital required. 576 Bryant
St.. near Fourth.
OLD-ESTABLISHED jewelry store for sale,
near the city: account sickness; $8 a day In
work. Box 4521, Call offlce. , O
WANTED— A man with $300 far half Interest
In good paying business: paying $300 month-
ly. Address box 4579. Call offlce.
FIRST-CLASS delicatessen store; good busi-
ness, gcod location; 3 living rooms. Box
45€0. Call offlce.
FOR tale^ — Gocd paying paper and laundry
route in country town, near city. Address
News Asent. Mill Valley. Cal.
WHOLE or half Interest in saloon: best of lo-
cations; f2. r >00: ro egents. Box 4753. Call.
LODGIXG-HOL'SES FOR SALE.
~ (MARION GRIFFIN.)
/ 11T*CTXTCO 1
(IS)
(BOOMING.)
fRoom 4<*>. Examiner Building.)
Phone Black 3C07. Take elevatcr to 4th floor.
40 rooms — $3C00; furniture and building NEW.
21 rooms and RESTAURANT— $1000; clears
$125,
85 rooms— $5000; rent $250; ELEGANT furni-
ture.
35 rooms — 4CEW; will furnish to suit buyer.
19 rooms— $1250; APARTMENTS; rent $75;
clears $80. v
80, rooms — NEW; will furnish to suit buyer.
15 rooms— $«*)•. SE. CORNER; clears $C0.
43 rooms— $3000; one-third down; rent $125:
income $308: 5-year lease; NEW house;
NEW furniture; price 1 reduced from
$4400: death the cause.
16 rooms — $700; rent $70; clears $61; 7 blocks
north: owner in HOSPITAL; must sell.
£0 room*— J1500 cash necessary: NEW house;
FINE furnlshlnge; 7-year Isase; clears
$300 month.
20 rooms — EXTRA fine; 20 select boarders;
rcraer; beautiful lawn: very fine; clears
(150 month.
80 roome— High class; BEAUTIFULLY fur-
nished; GUARANTEED to clear $650.
200 rooms— APARTMENTS; clears $1000 per
month: SPLENDID up-to-date house.
12 rooms; $5C0; rent $40: clears $10; north.
44 rooms— $4500; TRANSIENT; cleared $438 .n
October; books open to bona fide buyer.
VERY nice, respectable house; well furnished
and full of roomers; In best of down town
locations: will clear $70 a month; thorough-
ly safe and trustworthy proposition; the rent
is $65 and the price is $1450. MARION
GRIFFIN. 406 Examiner building.
BEET bargain In a large, dependable rooming-
house; very centrally located: t!O rooms and
all large, light and airy; furnished splendidly
and iw most artistic taste; lease for
eight years at very low rent; house
is clearing $300 per month, guaranteed; price
$6000; electric elevator; hot and cold water;
modern Improvements; cause of sale, owner
' compelled to be out of city on business;
will sell or exchange for real estate.
MARION GRIFFIN. 406 Examiner building.
C E. HINKLEY PHONE MINT 796
1020 MARKET ST.. OPP. FIFTH.
SQUARE DEALINGS. CLEAIC TITLES.
EASY TERMS.
10 roams; clears $25; rent $20; a snap.. $200
' 14 rooms; clears $15; a good buy tiOO
19 rooms; rent $50; housekeeping 530
42 rooms; apartment-house; Post «t... 3000
21 rooms; rent $43; price only 800
10 rooms: rents $22 50 'JOO
100 rooms; offices and country transient. 7300
SPECULATION— 17 rooms; clears SCO; rent
$45; price $7WI; easy terms.
HINKLEY. 1000 Market st.
LUXURIOUSLY furnished 50-room modern
apartment-house; choice location; long lease;
swelleet house of the s lz e In the city.
HINKLEY. 1020 Market st.
MONEY-MAKER — 60 rooms; transient; liquor
license; clears $500; 2 entrances; oal: and
maple furniture; a gift at $2750.
HINKLEY. 1020 Market 8t.
NEWLY furnished 14 rooms; rent $33: choice
location; large yard; oak and mahogany fur-
niture; clears f_0. «.\ E. HINKLEY, 1020
Market St.. odd. Fifth.
FOR sale — t flats rf 11 rooms; nlso lodging-
house 20 rooms, all elegantly furnished; ex-
cellent climate: thriving town Southern Cali-
fornia; Is paying 25 per cent on price asked;
owner must nave money to meot business ob-
ligaticn.. hence the sacrifice. Particulars
from ALEX. MITRDOCK. 18 Chronicle bldg..
San Francisco. —
___ „
THTLOW C: DEACON,
PUjSo Fclhom 21>">7. .. .
1021 Market tt., between! Otb «ri1 7th. j
For hotels, roomlni-bcuacr. and business
tharccs; zr.y ;>art of the cuv. ' •
A— SSOOO; PRIVATE bon7d^rTg-bcwse. with '40
elegantly funiiy'.i.-d ronirsv-n Van Ness ave.:
room* s'.wrva occupied and'firtt-elas* patron-
, ase. See K. G. WILKE, 20ii Kearny. st.
HELP WANTED— MALE— Continued.
WANTED — For V. B. Marine Corp*,, abi»-
bodled unmarried men. between 21 and 33-
good character; must speak, read and wrt_^
English: marines serva at sea on men-of.
war la all parts of the world, oa land In our
island possessions, and at naval stations .3
the United States. Appty at recruiting of-
fice. 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco. Cal. an4
401 K St.. Sacramento. Cal.
TRY our men 1 * shot?, nnlcn made, at $1 ana
$1 50 per pair, foot- form shoes at $2 50. or
orthopedic shoes. $3 60; b*st shoes on earth U
Tslr.1 st.. Exam, bldg.. 5 doors from Marker.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flilmore.
HORSES AXD WAGONS.
A LOT of cheap horses, mules. wagcn3. sur-
| ries. buirn!e.s». carts and harness will be sclj
at auction Tuesday. November 24. 1. a. n>.,
at 1140 Folsom^st^
HARNESS and saddles, the best for the money
at JEPSEN BROS. CO.. inc.. the bis store"
1145-1147 Market St.. San Francisco:
MUST be sold at a sacrifice; 5 good, horse 3 i
327 Sixth st.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
and gocart for sale oheap. 5.12 Mission st.
Largest assorimt 2-hand wagons, buekb'd. sur-
rey.harness. work. driving horses. 13th-Va;enci»
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMDSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A — HOUSES and flats to let: an Immense list:
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department: it win eave. you t'.m« and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Ca, 245-2-3 Geary
St.. on- the aquare.
; EE =_
BEFORE moving pet our printed list of hcu-ej
to let. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Post at.
HOUSES TO LET — V\ II X 1 S HGD.
FOR SALE— 6- room flat: newly furnished:
partly rented. lt>3 Nlr.th st.
HOUSES WAXTED — KIRMSHED.
COUPLE desire small flat or rottas:^. furnished;
inr town or Mission: state rent. Box 47.S. Call.
LOST AXD FOtWD.
________ .<s
LOST— Chinchilla muff on Van Ness av< he:.
Pacific ave. and Sacramento st. Suitable re-
ward If returned to MRS. A. C. DODGE.
Hotel Baltimore. 10l:> Van Ness ave.
LOST — Diamond screw pin. on Market St.. taf*?
urday right. Finder pl«a»e return ta
CHARLES NEWMAN. Russ House, and re-
ceive revarJ.
LOST — Tuesday, at Gruenhagen Candy Store.
umbrella. Finder please return there and
receive suitable reward. *^
$5 REWARD — Lost, largs pearl scarfpln with
small ring attached. Address Golden West
Hotel offlce. :
LOST — Mink neck fur on Sixteenth or Valencia,
st. car en route to ferry. Return to 237 DtJ-,
lores St.; suitable reward. j
LOST — Collie pup. male, about 8 months old;
white on breast; no collar on. Return to
707 Ashb.ry St.; tel. Park 323.
LOST — Gold scarf pin; dragon; 1 diamond: re-
ward. 2050 Fell st. ,
LXIST — Scarf pin. 3 pearls, small diamond in
center. Return 210 Market »t. Reward.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the l'a!Iforn»*
"Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter »t.. nteds old
rrAij and «l'v»r tr» make new w^tch en***.
MILLINEHY.
LADIES — 200 stylish hats to select from; lea»«
toU. must vacate February 1. 1904: sav»
money by calllnr on MMK. DOSCH. 207 Post
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McHi-
TOSH St WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont at.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
/ Repair it with elaterite; in rolls easy to lay:
needs no painting or ccatir.g; gcod over old
iron, tin or shingles; best for new roof..
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, enartnes. pumpi,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc.. bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; s»e Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCH'Y. CO.. 130- U2 Beaie st.
A — Fine suits. $7 50; dress, pants. S2 50. Origi-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 233 Kearny St..
. near Bush; open to 0 p. m. : Sun lay to r.ocn.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines boilers, water pip«. shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear St..
•» ""X16 --lORl^ONTAL tubular boilers, front
and all fittings. TRACY ENGINEERING
I CO.. 101 Fr?mcnt St.. San Francisco.
TYPEWRITERS, slightly used, sold at cost:
new Underwood visible typewriter catalog
sent free. R. E. Revalk & Co.. San Franciscu.
ALTERATION sale— Best %2 30 hats. $1 50.
Popular Price Hatter, 3.10 Kearny St., near
Pine; open to 9 i>. m.; Sundays to noon.
200 CHICKENS for sale In lots to suit. Snell
ave.. H4 blocks from East 14th st. ; tak9
Hay-wards electric cars at Oakland.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and Jl 50 pair-
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid. ; catalog, free.
DKSiCS and safes; see the complete lin« at 1S1*
Market, ab. Van Ne.3. RICHARDSON BROS.
GA SOLINE engines for eale. Bay City Iron
Works. Third and Washington sts.. Oakland.
Printing office. 3 C.&P. presses, motor. cutt«r.
type, fixtures; dclng good business. 20S6, Cajl.
SAFES — New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery nt. ¦
A VERY fine diamond heart for $210 at W. J.
HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth St.
3. <; AND 10 hp. gasoline engines; 2d-hand: all
sizes; new. E. B. BECK & CO.. 122 Marked
NEW and second hand machinery of all kinds.
KROGH MNFG. CO.. S19 Market st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental:
bargains. Bullard A Breck. 131 Post st.
MIL.ES of pip« and fitting*: all sizes. EU-
GENE RILEY A SONS. 100 Vallejo St.
SAFES— New and second hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market it. .
All bargalns;camp stools and chairs; hammocki?
metal beds.m_ttre»!«es. J.F.Hotter.712 Mission.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, •moving
picture machines, film?. Bacijtalupl. 033 Mkt.
GASOLINE engine*, automobiles and launches;
all sixes. J. E. DOAK. 48 Fremont st. %
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriers: all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. IIP Montg y.
3USCELI.AXEOUS WAXT9.
SECOND-HAND gasoline engine, 8 h. p. or
less; wood working machines. Box 4511.
Call offlce.
WHAT have you to exchange for first-class
dentistry* Address box 4742. Call office.
WANTED — A good «econd-hand bicycle at 41*
McAllister St.; call before 9 a. m.
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES^
1149 Market Et. ; phone Jessie 3741. or postal.
I PAY highest prices for all kinds of caat-efT
clothing; send postal. MOP>RIS. S70 Folsom.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing «ni
theatrical goods. 154 9th »t. : tel. Jess!* -VI.
A BIG price paid for sealskins: send postal.
25 Stockton st. ; phone Bush 4S4.
BIOXEY TO LOA>.
A AA^HERM AN "llURPH yT
601-6C2-603 Examiner Saildlag.
Quick settlements; no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trus*.
etc.: legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY. ___
ADVANCES on furnltur* and pianos without
removal; to permanent salaried people on
th»ir note without security or knowledge of
employer: lowest rates; no commission. NA-
TIONAL CREDIT CO.. «S and 60 Donoho*
building. 1170 Market st. >
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL LOANS on fur-
niture pianos or to salaried people on their
' note- proper treatment guaranteed. ILLIMO3
TRUST CO.. r. ML Pheian bid., tel. Main 7C4.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
I liberal advances en diamonds. Jewelry, at
! lowest rates Baldwin Jewelry Store. S40
I Market st.. tel. Main 1644. Branch, 13 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants teamsters, boarding-houses, wtthout
security easy payments; largest business ta
46 principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrott bigg.
. jl 1 per cen t _n furniture or piano: no remov-
i al no commission, no publicity ;$_5 up: quick.
I private, confidential.- 26 Montgomery, no. T.
' MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant avsw,
I LOANS FROM » TO $10.000.
¦ MONEY to loan on low interest; gold, sHrer.
1 diamonds. p«ar!s and precious -tones bought
'. j at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
> TO salaried people without security: on foTnt-
¦ 1 ture: Indorsed notes and other security. S. F.
Discount Agency. 143 Pheian building.
! OPEN Credit A«s*n, loans on salarle- conflden-
J tially: new.slmple plan. Room 00. 819 V*r^-*
5£s-» "* ¦ - in —¦
Faint heart fair lady never won. ::/ r -
As this young: man should surely know;
So. though he looks as If he'd run.
No doubt he'll pop ere home he'll go.
In life's affairs let not a dread
Of failure weigh your spirits down;
Be bold and shrewd, hold high your head;
Success will earnest effort crown.
Just here is dropped a word that's wise,
In business you must advertise.
And then of course 'tis known to all
That ads e'er pay if in The Call.Mare , island ana Vanejo Staaaer*.
: Steamer GEN". FRISBIjB or. JIONTICELLO—
9-43 ». m 3:15 anil 8:.'tO > nx. exeept Sunday.
Sunday -.0:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. nv. Leave Vallejo.
7 *. m.. 12:30 and 6. p. .m^- ex. Sanday- Sun
day 7 a. m." 4:13 p, m. Fare, 50 cents. .TaU'
Main 1508. Pier 2. Misslon-st. dock. HATCH
BROS.
Death of Mrs. Mary E. McDougall.
SAN JOSE. Nov. 25.— Mrs: 'Mary E.
McDoug-aU. wife of former §hertff Giles
McDougall, died at her home In Ea$t .Sa^
Jose to-day. Deceased was a native ot
Holloway, Me., and 73 years of age. Mr*.
McDouffall had lived in East San .Jpse for
thirty years and was one ¦ of the best
knorwii woman tn Santa Clara County.
She came to California In 1S69, and a» a
Miss Smith married McDoagaU tn 1S70.
Deceased wa* prominent In church and
society affairs.
Harry and Hattle Alkus (Helman) and Don*
and Morice Hyman (by R. J. McMuIIen & W.
C. Moody, trustees) to State Savings Bank 835
D. 19, S line of Third street. 100 B of Har
rison. E CO byS 100. lots 10 and" 11, block 15.
Kellersbergefs Map (trustees' deed). Oakland:
$2480. - .
Aaron W. and Bell Spencer (wife) and " Wil
liam ' H. and Lizzie Spencer and Irene S. and
Arthur Kreshell to Eliza E. Spencer. lot at
intersection of. N -line of Eighth street with
center line of Cypress, E 100 by N 190, Oak*,
land; $10.
Mountain View Cemetery Association, to Car
rie S. Smith (widow), lot In cemetery; Oakland
Township: $71. ; ¦
Henry Wllllges (single), to Gaw Sang\. lot on
W line of California street, 543.73 N of Bancroft
way. N 63.28 by W 129.23. tot 24. Mock 1, map
of property and location Spaldlng Tract. Berke
ley: $350.
- Hamilton Lee to Gee Quong Woo. 'lot on B
ltne of Mil via strep t. 03 -N of Cedar. N 80. B
135 75. S 45. W 30.C4, E 37.70. W 96. lots 3
and 4, map of subdivision and plan of Spragne
& Swain property in block 7, Graves & .Taylor
Tract. Berkeley; $10. •
Gee Quong Woo. (single) to Garret t and Anna
CRellly (wife), lot 4. block 7, same map, in
¦' Joint tenantcy, title to vest In survivor, Berke-
John Dillon to Kate Dillon' <wlf«), lot oa- N
line of Allaton street. or way. 100 D of Fourth,
EM N 10O. W 25. S 6, W 25, 8 94. portion of
lot 14 block 107, Tract B. Berkeley Land and
Town Improvement Association. Berkeley; gift.
James L. and Mary C. Barker (wife), by J.
L. " Barker, attorney, and Grace B. and YP. J.
Mortimer (husband) to Charles B. Anthony, lot
12. -block 2, and lota 7 to 9, Mock 5, amended
map of portion of La Loraa Park and Wheeler
Tract. Berkeley: $100. . •
Sterling J. Shaw (single) to L. Price, lot on
NW line of Walnut street or Grand avenue.
210 SW of Elm street. NW 120 by SW 60, lot
208 and NE Vt < of lot - 202. Madison Square.
Elmhurst. Brooklyn Township: $325.
Maria Jordan fwtdow) to Charles Oatridge.
lot on S Una of Moss street, 40 W of Orchard.
W 40 S 129.97. E 40. NJ 130.51. lot 18. block
A. amended map of Moss Tract, Brooklyn
Township; - $10. -
Ernestine Hellbron (widow) to Bertha Simons
(wife of Albert), lot 13. block C. map of portion
of original Vischer Tract, lying between E line
of Aughlnbeugh 223-*er» tract and W Una of
portion of Vischer Tract. Alameda ; gift.
Mary Cordelia, Heaton (single) to P«ter H,
Hansen and O. Kahler, lot on E Una of Web
ster street. 100 N of Eighth. N 50 by E 73. lots
5 and fl. block 86, Kellersberger*s map, Oak-
Portia. E. Warren (married) to William T>:
and Addle G. Macflonald, lot on N line, of
Fifth street. 125 W of O*k.W 23.tr N 100. lot
25 block 12S. same map, Oakland; gift. , •
v Alphonse J. Merry to Consuelo T. Mervy, lot
on NE corner • of Seventeenth and • Castro
streets. E 38 by N 100. block 281, Boardman's
map, Oakland; $10. ' J - ._ -
1 James A. Spencer (single) and Mary S. and
Edward S. Lincoln to Eliza E. Spencer (widow),
intersection' of lot on N lino of Eighth street
with center lime of Cypress, being point begin
ning. B 100 by N'190. «tc., Oakland: grant ¦ .
Knud Nelsen (single) to George W.- Wallace
lot ; on N line of Sherman avenue." 48O E • of
Telegraph. E 8S by N 115. = lot 32H and W^ 10
feet of lot 32. amended map of subdivisions of
Mosswood Tract. 1 Oakland: $10.
Harlow P. Bancroft to Calvin A. Shaw (sin
gle). W.16:9.of lot 90 and E 16:6 of . lot 9S>4
same map. Oakland; $10. v -.)
¦ I*: Mabel B. Pray (widow) to : Harlow < P.
Bancroft. • lot '. on - N ¦. line ¦ of - Grant avenue or
.Thlrty-aeventh street.,160.67 W of Wold. W 10O
by N 115. lots 67, 67%, 68 and 68#, same map
Oakland: $10. - -- .. .
- Carl ; G. Larsen (single) to Cecilia M. T.
K. B. BJorman (owner) with C. N. Hancock
(contractor), architect M. J, Welsh — All. work
except gas fixtures and shades for a one-story
and attic frame building on lot on E line of
Folsom street. 200 N of Preclta avenue N
23 by E 100; $2550. .
. Alameda County.
Builders' Contracts.
Continental Building and Loan Association
to James C O'Brien, lot on S line of Fifteenth
avenue. 150 E of Q street, E 25 by S 92:6
block 305. O*N. & H. Tract: $10.
- Masonic Cemetery . Association to Sophie E.
Fischer, lot in cemetery; $53.
William F. . Kavanagh to Jacob Heyman
Company (corporation), lot on N line of J
street, 82:6 E of Forty-seventh avenue. K 80
by N 1C0; $10. ,
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association to Wil
liam McCracken. lot in cemetery: $170. ¦¦
May E. and Orren H. Gillette to F. J.
Spauldlng. lot 10, block 7. plat A. Sunnyslde
Addition No. 1; $75.
Horatio P. LJvermore to" Sarah B. Melone.
lot on E line of Dolores street, 22S S ot.Thir
tieth, B 100 to San Jose avenue, thence from
point of commencement • on if line of Dolores.
S 35. E 79:4 to San Jose avenue, thfnce NE
to point 228 S of Thirtieth, quitclaim deed; $5.
C. C. Webb to same, same: $5. .
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to J. Stanley
and Ella Ewlrg, lot on E line of Second ave
nue. 250 S of A street. S 25 by E 120; $10.
Frederick W. - Kavanagh to Jacob- Heyman
Company (corporation), lot on S . line of C
street. 77:6 W.of Fifteenth avenue. W 25 by
S 100; $10.
Henry and Estelle ' Geneyer to Leoncs Groth
well. lot on NW corner of Thirty-sixth and
Fulton streets. W 32:6 by N 100; $10.
Robert R. Moody to Susan C. Winfrey, lot
on B line of Sixth avenue, 73 N of Hugo street
N 25 by E 95; $10. '.
Same to Victor L. Winfrey, lot on E Una of
Sixth avenue, 50 N of Hugo street. N 25 by
B 95; {10.
Mary E. Blgelow to Albert F. Knlpper. lot
on S line of Vallejo street, 137:6 E of Hyde, E
27:6 by S 137:6; $10. -
Benjamin Healy to Jos. Blye, lot on NE line
of Fourth street, ,40 SE of Folsonr SE 40 by
NE 07:6; $10. . . . . .
Henry W. Dodge to Eliza L. Dodge, lot on
NE corn«r of Nineteenth - avenue and Lake
street, N 125. E 120. N 60, W 120, N*34, SE 10
NE 94:10%. SE 140.. 8 225. W 57:6, N 100, W
10O. S 100. W 82:6. quitclaim deed; $10.-
John C. and Sarah E. Doherty to Rachel K.
Van Winkle (wife of, H. L.), lot on NE corner
of Eighth avenue and Lake street, E 61 by N
72: $10.
Dora G. Cunningham to Rudolph Sproete. lot
on T r lino of Tenth avenue. 185 S of California
street. S 23 by E 120; $K».
Frank B. and Jessie Viers to' Elizabeth Lo
gan,, (wife of Arthur), lot on S line of Twenty
third street, 100 E of Noe, E 27 by S 91:2; $10
Masy E. Jordan (wife of A. D.), Ada S.
Westcott (wife of Chales^H.) and Charles C.
Westenhaver to. David M. Ramsey, lot on W
line of Noe street, 39 N of Clipper, N 25 by W
85; $10. • -
Caroline S. Atwood to Patrick , Connell. lot
on W line of Diamond street; 137:6 N of
Twentieth. N 82:6 by W 125; $10.
Elfin O. Heydenfeldt and Sunshine O. Love
(Heydenfeldt) to Elizabeth A. Heydenfeldt),
rerecord 1963 D. 98 of -lot on N line of Pacific
street. 101:6 W of Dupont. W 36, N 137:6, E
56. S 72. W 20, S 65:6; also lot on NW corner
of Geary and Webster streets.- N 115 by W
23:9; $10. ' . . ¦•-*>-;,•
Carrie O. and May. Doane to Alexander D.
Smith. lot on. N. line of 35jirenty-flrst street,
260 W of Valencia. W 25 by N 115; $10.
Alexander D. Smith to James . and Bridget
Carolan, same; $10.
James C. CDonell to Gustave H. and Ernest
B. LJndau.er, lot on W line of Biryant street, 150
S of Twenty-second. S 30 by W $100; $10.
-.William V. Becker to' Henry L. and Ella
Becker, lot on S line of Twenty-flfth- street.
229:2 E of Sanchez. E 23:5 by S 114; $10.
Milton D. Grosh. Ellzabetn G. and W. R.
Larzelere and Louise M. and O. G. Sage to
William H. and Augustine. Fuller, same;. $10.
Thomas Donnelly to B. . Mayers, lot on N
line of Bush street, 110 E of Scott, E 27:6 by
N 13T:6; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Patrick
J. Land, lot on W line of Beideman street, 45
S ot O'Farrell. S 30 by W 60; $ . :
Freda O. Shumate (wife of ..Thomas E.).to>
John F. Ortmann, lot on E line of Deviaadero
street. 62:6 S of Bush, S 25 by B 100; $10.
Sarah W. Lumbard, Robert K. .Palache and
Juliet H. .Lumbard to Emma L. Palache. lot
on N line of Green street. 100:6 W of Scott.
W 37:5V4. N 137:6, E 30:5%. S 37:6, E 7,-S
100;. gift. ...
Josephine Bouvier to Adele Clot, lot on W
line of -"Laurel street, 67 N of - Sacramento,* N
43 by W 57:6; $10. .
Patrick M. and Mary McGushin to Patrick
C. Morton, lot on SW line of Tenth street,
200 NW of Bryant. NW 25 by SW 100; $10.
John D. and Margaret J. Grirfln to David
Samuels, lot on 3 line of Sutter street' 137:6
E of Polk. B 27:6 by S 120; $10.
United Railroads of San Fraacisco- to Cor
nelius D. O*SulIlvan, lot on NE comer of Pa
cific and Polk streets, B 137:6 by N 127:8U:
$10. - ....
City and County of San Francisco to Charles
L. Barrett, lot on N line of Bay .street. 106:3
E of Webster. E-100 by N 275; % .
Franz Schumaus to Jean Mialocq and Jean
Lassere.Iot on N line of Bush atreet. 237:6
W of Van Neas. avenue. W 23:3 bx N 60;. $10.
, Estate of Orvllle J. Shattuck (by John Thoda,
executor) to same, tame: $2060.
Simon . Hartman to -M. ¦ Vanderbuegle. un
divided % of lot on S line of Fulton street.
60 W of Gough. W 27:8 by S 60; $1220. •
Charles S. and Lillian M. Wheeler, R, H.
Lloyd and Madge J. Orosh (wife of Alvtn R)
to Milton D. Grosh, ¦ Elizabeth G. Larzelere
(wife of W. R.) and Louise M. Sage (wlfa
of O. G.), lot on S line of Page street, 137:9
W of Buchanan, W 60 by S 137:6; $10.
WEDNESDAY.. NOVEMBER 23.
BEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Albert and Edith, Goldaracena ta Raymond
Goldaracena. lots 14 and 15. block A. Mo^s
Tract. Brooklyn Township: $10. • ¦'•¦-.¦¦
El3e M. and Carl J. C. Jorgensen to Christ
P. and Christine Jensen, let on SE line o% Snell
avenue, 340.8 SW. from SW- Ihns of eminty. road
from Oakland to " San Leandro. SW 100.- SE.
21S.3. NK 101. NW 231.7. lots S and 9. block
K. Map -No. 2. .Euens Ventura Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $10. " * - • . ¦ ¦'¦' ,'¦',.'
Emelia C. Hansen (Thomsen) . to . LoweH-
Brown, undivided one^ttlrd Interest, ln'riflt «rt
N line of Monroe street. l."»:»»5 — f rom. • W
line of Mound. W 28 :» *y-N- 124:10; $60.. .
Gano G. Kennedy, guardian of George o.
Kennedy (Thsmsen). minor, to same, undivided
one- third of same, Alameda; $C0.
Nixon (wife of J. R.). lots 10 to 21. map of
subdivision of Mosswood Tract. Oakland: *ltX .
Hardy C. and Clara il. ' Hutchlnson tot A. I C.
Sandford,v lot on E lino.- of Herrmann. .2U«."3
N from NW line of Ayala avenue. SE tO.47,.
N 60. \Y &4.16. S 55.7t>, portion of lot Sti, block
I. map of Vicente Peralta Reservation Tract.
Temescal. Oakland: $10. • •' •-'•":•
Realty Syndicate (corporation^ to -George «.
Lackie. lot 6- and 3 -h feet of lot 7., blecK ; U.
map, of Central Piedmont Tracts Oakland Town
ship; $10. .
Caroline H. and Arthur H. Breed to Julia
Sweeney (wife of John T.>. tot on X line ot
Berkeley way. 150 B of California street. E 3O
by N 125. tot 15. subdiv!«ioa of map of Ransa
II. Hardy Tract. Berkeley: 410. • " .: "*»V
THE SAiN EB AlvClSCO CALI^ i THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 1903.
15
mO\KV TO I.<)A>'— fonfliinH. : . _
AT lowest r&les on furniture and pianos; strict
privacy; no comml«ilcn:installmenta accepted.
BONELLI. SHI Eddy. Conservatory building,
MONEY loaned to talarW employes.- G. V.",
MILLER., room 74. &ih floor. Chronicle bldg.
3% CN furniture & pianos: $15 up: no removal.
V- TREMAIX. room M. C Eddy St.. floor 4.
1 PJ5B cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mu-
tual Sa vines Bank bldg.. 70S Market st.
.M^L leans en diamonds an-1 jewelry 2 per cent
mo. 6. p. CullKtcral Loan Bank, 53S Kearny.
FTAR Loan Co of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R. «'>!!. Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH '.oancd salarifl peop!f on'notes without
Indorrrr. MOItELL. C09 Examiner bldg.
MEDICAL.
tins DP. WVETH. fpeciailet for alt female
complaints- instant relief guaranteed; 61)
ytar*' ejj^T'.er.ce: removed to S28 Post et.
MRS 1.K KOHL, reliable epecialist for all fe-
male trouble* and irregularities; instant re-
lief rvarar.teed. ?0CS*4 Market St.. opp. 5thJ
VALPEA1 '? female pills; best regulating pills
sold; pi" 10 * *- r '° bv express. Pasteur's
rjringe ar.d tablets: price (2 SO. By expre«s
only en reoelpt ot price. OSGOOD BKOTH-
1CKS, «rbQJe»al« druggists,' Seventh and
Broadway. Oakland.
DR. G. IV. ODOXNELL— Ail who are sick cr
in troub!e consult this specialist on fem*.ie
complaints r positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the roost difficult cases treated;
advice fre*. Office. 1018 Market et.
l>rs. Gordwin, 7S3 Turk. nr. Van Ness— Expert
ia obstetrics, female complain!"; inst. relief;
twtiwnt tlO; hours, 10 to S: 25 yrs. ejeper.
MRf. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladi«?»
epectallet; a private home before and during
ccr.f.nement; best rnfdical care; low fees.
CR. ROSEN resides 2«J95 Folscm et.. corner
26th; ladies, relief or r.o fee; $10.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINLOO HERBS;
crlgtnal rs^thed of treatment. 1126 Market st.
DR. KG TOY KEE. 319 Powell St.. oppoeit*
Union gquurp: all <JlFea««»s cured by herb*.
MUSICAL INST11LMKXTS.
RENT a piano lor (3 per month; v,e allow six
months' rental cf the purchase price if you
with to buy; this gives you *lx months' trial
*>t the Instrument for nothing; If the piano
renttd does not suit we allow the rental oa
any instrument In our store*; with such good*
eje the McPhall of Boston, the Schiller and
our own make to select from we can guar- .
antee satisfaction to ever}' one In quality. 1
price anfi tenr.s. See the Scott-CurtM
"Bijou." th* smallest full scale piano ia San
Francisco. PCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO^ CO..
CC0-C2-64 Haye« =t.
ALL ufirlfhta on our bargain elate ttvday—
Collard, $35; Filsher. $50: Ehenn*n & Hyds.
tiOO- Wfber, fC5; KimbaU. $115: Mansfleld 4
Nctni. $125; Hayces, $150; American, $1C3;
Chickencg. flC7: Emerson. $172; MiUer.
f:75; 2 StelJJwaya. larire and email elre. $183
•nd $2»0; Heine, large style. Ellchtly used.
$225 Reuts $2 up. apply on purchase; in-
Ftallments $4 up. HEINE PIANO CO.. 233-
2S7 G^ary et. : Oakland branch. Fifteenth and
Broadway, old P. O. Bidg. Largest exclu-
Elve wholesale &ni retail dealers of the West.
A CARLOAD of beautiful Draper Eros, pianos
<u5t received. They are offered as the best
th-.ng In the ir.arlcet for the price. $300. We
hav« also * fine assortment of Behr Bros.
andBaum*:ster pianoa. Simplex Piano Play-
ers a^4 *H kinds of musical lrytrumer.ts.
The ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC COMPANY,
763 Market rt.
A FINE lot cf eecond-hand uprights from $50
up. including tuch n.;.k»s as Chickerlxig.
V"ose. Kroe^er. Curtaz, Kirkham. Pease,
Hardnian, Marshall 4c Wendell. i:aus and
fifcers. BEXJ. CL'RTAZ & SOX. 16 O'Far-
itll «t. No branches in Ean Francisco.
BAND instruments; F. Besson, Parts, maker;
Gus MaJwald. Agt. Pac, Coast. 27S O'Farrell;
skillful repairing; f.i-har.d i."«n;mfr.ti sold.
A MASSIVE solid walnut case Estey organ,
two banks of keys and pe6al Vass; coat ST.'.O;
your own price. BOWERS * r>ON. 11 Mason.
ALMOST r.ew upright; cheap; cash or install-
m^nt. 6CHMITZ & CO.. 18 McAllister st.
. A f-'TECK upright raahccanj-, nearly new;
n-.ust t-e sold. 216 McAllister at.
EEAtTTITUL 8-p«dal Eteinwajr upright piano;
perfect order; sacrifice. KeefTe's,2.S3 CFarreU.
Unredeemed storage pianos and furniture dirt
cheap. Whitehe&d Storage. 1636 Market st.
BOIiMER. Byron MaUzy pianos. Cecillan piano
rl&jer. BYRON MAUZT. 208-312 Pctt »t.
6VPERIOR i-iollns. cither*, old and new. H.
MtTLLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST end best In America — The Weekly
Call. 16 p&gea, sent to any address in tha
T'ntted States cr Canada one year for $1.
yoetnt:* ra'4- ¦ -
OFFICES AXD STORKS TO LET.
ETORE with larr* basement: below Kearny
rt.: rfnt $30. Apply C36 Clay Bt.. room 1.
OIL.
WILL exchange for city property. e«ll or lease.
proven valuable -oil land in Sunset. Midway.
McKlttrlck. Ventura districts and incorporate
your company. Call or address MRS. CLARA
FOLTZ. Attorney at Law. 2d floor Mills bldg.
PEKSO.VALS.
A SPECIAL LOW RATE. SO DAYS ONLY— "
M. ELLA HARRIS.
To all whom I have made prices to since
Jan. 1. 1903. ft for the ensuing 30 days only,
I will taak* a liberal reduction from all I
price* for my apecial deep-wrinkle treatment, j
The lady who ha« been on exhibition in I
the drug etore windows may be seen at my j
office this week from 10 to 5. in order to ac-
commodate those who have requested to ex-
amine the face more thoroughly In private.
M. ELLA HARRIS.
7S1 O'Farrell St.. near Larkin. Call or write
for book explaining method.
BARON'S CLOAK AND SUIT HOUSED
Young ladies steadily employed can have
Baron's cloaks, euits, furs and tailor-made
euits to order, en weekly or monthly pay-
ments plan, at regular marked prices. Con-
vince yourself by calling oa BARON, 7C2
THE etar Hair Remedy restores pray hair, Im-
proves Its growth, etops falling, curee dandruff
end itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers' ;ac-
cept no eubttitute. Star Remedy Co.,13.13 Polk.
NOT how cheap but how good is the motto of |
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Ftan<Uu-<J. the eewinjr-maehlne of to-day. J.
W. EVANS,, eg-cnt. 1021 Market «t.
PHYSICIAN. 15 years' experience, cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
address- Central rhsrmacy. 251 Grant ave..
corner Sutter st.; fee moderate.
RAO csjpets wore to order and for eale; also
oherJ'.le-wove rugs. F.llk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine In hank or chain, at lowe«
rates. Geo. Matthews, 7C9 Fifth st.. Oakland.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drug dls-
<:i*es positively cured by Willow Bark Co.,
1^3 Polk ft. ; consultation free; call cr write.
MASSAGE, hand-rubbing treatment; face vi-
bratory machine ; genuine tubs. Prof. Morris
406 Geary ft., nr. Mason; nurse assistant.
AT less than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoats
acd trousers at CHARLES LTONS". London
Tailor. 721 Market Bt.
UQUOR habit cured in 2 days cr ro charges;
guaranteed. Acme Liquor Cure Co.. 997 Mar-
ket et., rocm 203.
' ELEGANT euits on easy installments; 60 cents
and up per week. LEON LEMOS 1127 Mar-
ket 6t.. between Seventh and Eighth.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday, Sun-
day evge., Teutonia Hall, Howard «t.. nr.
Jnh; Prof. Fotter; eoclety dancing taught.
EMILE VASSEUR. Please communicate with
your fister to box 4714, Call ofnc*.
ADELADB'E. TUCKER (Tuck), eend address
by messenger. Box 4718. Call office. CHIS.
WANTED— Man and "wife to take care of
tiocse. rent free. 4137^4 Seventeenth etreet.
MASQUERADE coBturres. play, bock*, wigs;
ordera. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mku
ANDERSON — Elegant theatrical and masquer-
a6<i costumes rented. 26 O'Farrell st.
SUIT* to crder on installments, $1 per week.
Kcuhaos & Co.. tnercn. tailor*. 727-729 Market.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by eleo-
trlc nec3: e . Dr. & Mrs. Traver«e..ll70 Market.
TJIK bc-n piece to buy good umbrellas er have
thera covered cr repaired is 120 Stockton st.
TAILOR-MADE rult $7 10; dress pants $2 50.
MlasQt Clothing Parlcr. cor. Bush and Dupont.
ALFREDUM'S Ec7Ptlan Henna restores gray
hair to H* natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
Euperflucrje hair and moles removed with elec-
tric needle. Mrs. & Miss Eaton. 1119 Sutter.
A V.ErK'S news for 5 ewit*— The Weekly Call]
IC pages. In vi rapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
CHEAPEST end bett !n America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pares. 6e nt to any addrers in the
United Status or Canada one rear for $1.
MME. DEVA3. •ciestiOc palmist- and aetrolo- '
girt: palm readings $1; 8 questions by ex-
prc*;. $1 : open Tae ?day ere, also. 138 Post st
fcltl.rn:. XEEKGARD'S cIsr* In palmistry begins
D« 1. 8 p. m. 242 Pogt et.; terms $10.
Ii. JEROME FOSELLI. fdcntiSc ralnilst. 513
Tayl-r rt.. nrar Geary. Phone BUrck OCX. \
rAPERHAXCIXC. PAIXTIAG. ETC
ItOOMS papered, ; S3 60 tp; tinting, painting. 1
H&rtnumn Paint Co.. 819 3d St.; tel. Main 413.
REAL ESTATE — CITY— FOR SALE.
MODERN- cottages: • finished complete with
,- every convenience; easy terms; large lots.
4 rooms — ?^9CO. .•
0 rooms $3250
£ rooms— $4600! „,<";''
Located on First and Second ave., bet.
Geary and McAllister et. cars and one block
north of park. F. NELSON, builder. -.-/¦... ¦,-.
$300 DOWN and 520 per month, cottage 6
rooms and bath; 4145, 23d • st. ; the latest.
$300 down and $25 per month; 6- room house
on Duncan eu ; a snap. . ; • ' ¦» ¦> ; • .
D. COFFIN & CO.. 3303 Mlaslon-gt.
JUST opened a new tract or splendid lots in
the best part or Berkeley; terms" 'very attrac-"
tive; call or tend for map and particulars.
S. F. end S. Home Building Society, :¦ 708
Market st.. S. F^ ¦ ¦ \
TWO beautiftrul cotteffes. Just n"nlshed, in
Mission district. % block from cars; can be
bought on easy payments.' OSCAR HEY-
MAN, 14 Post et. . : 1 • ¦ •
FOR SALE — Cheap, a fine" B-room ' cbttage 6n
KlizabPth Bti, near Douglass; . must be soid
this week: price $15C0. -Apply at'- grocery
store, corner ¦ Twenty-rourth .'and ''Douglas;'..
SNAP— Just completed; modern l'/j -story cot-
tage, 6 rooms, ' batht easy terms. 20 Merritt
st.; take ISth-st. cafe, get off at Hattie.
COTTAGE T.-ith modern improvements; terms
same as paying rent. Apply Own«r, lumber
yard. SE. cor. Alabama and Montcalm sts.
BUILD on. youf> unimproved realty; na loan
full cost lmprov. and part lot at 6 per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
FOR SALE— New house. Just finished, on 20th
ave. near car line; Sunset district.
LOTS. N or S sldo of Golden Gate Park, pur-
chased by W. J. GUNN. 530 California '"'gt.'.
ESTIMATES on plumbing work, new or old.
Ahlbach & Mayer, plumbers. 836 Howard st. !
A WEEK'S news fof 6 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
REAL ESTATE Conn try — For Snle.
$10 A MONTH buys a 10-acre farm. <
$200 prcfit per annum per acre." •
Write for booklet. It's free. 603 J «t
WRIGHT & KIMBROUGH, Sacramento, Cal.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards: inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 643
Market st. ,'
FOR sale — A house of 4 rooms, with 2 lots,
each 50x70 feet, In a town In Sonoma County.
For particulars apply at Call office.
POIXT mCHMONP^ nE AL ESTATE.
WATER front lots and bargains; all: tracts:
maps, photos, etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bldg.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS;
BKR.ICELEY REAL ESTATE. .
$27&0-»-NEW, modern 6-r. cottage; lot 40x133;
one block from North Berkeley" station,
$6000—3.84 acres on Claremont ave.; choice lo-
cation for fine home. ¦ ' ¦ -,. •'¦
$1200^ — One ecre; near new Santa Fe. depot;
Addison st.
$1500 — 104 feet on Grove St.. near Parker; this
price for limited time; three factory sites
on railroad. West Berkeley, for sale.
$4000 — 10 lots, Westt Berkeley, on R. R.; best
business block In North Berkeley; now
rented and paying 8 per cent on asking
price. . .
$45f« — 7-r. house; Carlton St.; lot 200x270.
Large list of houses and lots for eale.
CHENEY & BERRY.
Postofflce Block. -Bgrkelpy.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAltLA.VD REAL ESTATE.
$500 CASH, $12 monthly; 5 rooms and bath;
l»£-story house. Queen Anne etyle; 3 fine
lots, 75x100; all fenced; good well of water,
immense shade trees surrounding; extra qual-
ity soil; running mountain water; a cozy
home and a bargain : price m all. $1500; ad-
Joining East Oakland; near car lino and fine
schoolhouse. Call or send for circular, 435
Seventh St.. opp. Broadway Station, Oak-
land; carriage free II. Z. JONES, owner.
SPECIAL bargain — A new T- room ' house; all
modern: good location; easy terms. P. C
LASSEN & CO.. 466 Tenth St.. .Oakland. Cal!.;
BARGAINS In Piedmont residence lots Includ- j
Ing all kinds of flowers and shrubbery; will j
build to suit. Box 851. Call office. Oakland. ]
OAKLAND ROOMS TO LET,'
VENDOME AND GRAND HOTELS.
955H Washington and C10 Ninth sts.." Oak-
land; furnished rooms en suite or single, "with
or without board; special rates to families.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE
TO-MORROW the day for bargains in furni-
ture. H. Schellhaas. 11th st-.cor.store.Oaklnd.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING!
AT Knickerbocker Apartments. - 1340 Plnest.,
near Hyde — Furnished 3-rcom suits; $30 up;
ft earn heated, electric lighted; free bath.
ELLIS, 826, 2 doors from Van Ness— Nicely
furnished sunny suits $12 to $22. f
GEARY, S78 — Sunny basement. 4 rooms: com-
. plete for housekeeping.
GEARY. 1033 — For adults; 4 connecting rooms,
bath, toilet, gas, coal stoves; all necessaries.
j HOWARD. 1310— Sunny double parlors and
single ro'Vn for gentlemen.
JONES. S!K> — The Zola; newly furnished suites,
Jfr-Bz 4 rms; also single; water; steam heated.
MODEL HOUSE, 1206 Stockton St.— Newly fur-
nlshed rooms, $5-$12; bath, gas, phone. ,. -
MISSION, 114S— Front suite complete for
housekeeping: piano if desired. ;< ¦
OAK, 117— Sunny suites; $3, $12 and $10; gas
range, hot bath; laundry; .adults.
SEVENTEENTH. 3345,/ near Castro— 3 beautl-
ful desirable unfur. rms; no children; reason.
VAN NESS ave.. 700— Sunny front basement
gult and kitchen: alao 2 rear rms; reasonable.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH of flee, for Call advertisements and
-subscriptions has been established at 1006
Valencia st.
ROOMS TO LET — Forn. and Unfarn.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth st.— Rooms
25c to (1 per night. $1 25 to' $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st. (or No 1
Fifth ft.) — Rooms. 25<J. COo, $1. $1 60 night;
$1 SO to $10 week; house open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlFhf-d rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Kills, corner Mason — Slegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable. .
DEVISADERO. 1528—1 or 2 sunny unfurnished
front rooms to let. . , v - . ¦
GEARY. 122-5— Elegantly furnished front room,
suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen; refs. ; private.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms SOo
to $150 night; $1 to $3 week; reading-room.
HOWARD. 1310 — Sunny double parlors and sin.
gle room for gentlemen. / .
HYDE, 810 — A large »unny furnished room,
$9 a month.
JONES. 413 — The Saphlre — Sunny furnished
rooms; running- water; reasonable; central.
JONES, 041, near Bush — Modern sUnny f ur-
nlshed room' for gentleman; private family.:
KEARNY. 104— Sunny unfurn; front suit' 2
rooms $10. with kitchen $15; adults^
LAGUNA and McAllister. St. James flat— Sun-
ny single room. . ' . . , » :..,-¦
NINTH, 119 (Gllesple)— Nicely furnished rooms
$1 CO to 00 per week ; 6O0 to -75o per; night.
POLK,' 1B5S—Th« Carneg1»-Thi» has changed
hands and Is thoroughly renovated; $6 up. ¦
PINE. 76». east of Powell— Elegant parlor
suite." running water, private bath: also other
I room's in elegant furnished new flat- ttentla-
men preferred. . '
PIXE. 1735, near Van Ness— Newly furnished
eunny bay-window room; electrto lights; pri-
vate family. ¦ . ¦ ' "
POWELL 317— Sunny front suite for doctor
or dentist: also other furnished rooms. ...
ROYAL House. 120 Ellis— Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; room* per night, S5c to $1 B0; week $2
to. $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SUTTER, 1022%, near Hyde— 2 large . sunny
parlors, with outside kitchen or laboratory.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy st/nr. Market—
400 single and family rooms; 35c to $1 night; "
, ,$175 to $6 week; elevator; electric lights •
' reading-room; free bus and baggage. -. r
VAN NESS. C19— Handsome sunny furnished
suites and single rooms; all conveniences.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 3d st., near Market-
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
35c to $1 50 night; (2 to $9 week; elevator;
. elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.,
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received -at
Call Branch offlce. cor. Duncan & Church au.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
" received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
OCEAN TRAVEL. •'.'.- ¦" -.-'•-
S Steamers leave Eaa Fraa-
cisco as follows: — '• :
For Ketchikan, !
Juneau. Halnes, "Skagwat.
etc.. Alaska— It a. m, Nov. •
27. Dec. 2. Change to com-
pany's steamers at Seattle. < '
For Victoria, Vanceuwer.
Port Towpsend. Seattle. Ta-
coma, Everett. Whatfconv-ll '
a. m.. Nov. 27. Dec. 2. Change at Seattle to
this company's steamers, for Alaska, and. G. >f. -'
Ry-I at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P, Ry.;" at "
Vancouver to C. P. Railway. » ....
For Eureka f HumboUlt Bay) — Pomona.. X:3O
p. ro.. Nov. 3O. Dec. 6; Corona, 1:30 j>.. m..
Nov. 27, DeeV 3. .
For Lot Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo), San Diego and Santa Barbara— Pan-
ta Rosa. Sundays. f> a. m.
State of California. Thursdays, 9 a*. " mv- .' ,' " "
For Los Anseles (via San- Pedro and East
San Pedro), Santa "Barbara, Santa Crua. Moii-
terey. Pan Simeon, Cayueos. Fort llarford <Saa
Luis Oblspo). Ventura and Hueneme. •*»•¦• -. . »
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Nov. 25. Dec. 3. •
Bonita, 9 a.'m.. Nov. 29, Dec. T. ¦ ' :>^
For Enaenada, Mas^alen-t Bay, San Joy*flel
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Pas. Sanw Ro- .
salta, Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m;. 7th of eAch •
month. " ¦ • " V- >
For further information, obtain folder-
Right 'is reserved to change steamers' or sail-
ing -dates. •• • - • ' • *¦ ' -' ¦''
TICKjET OPPICSS— 4 New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market' street and
Broadway wharves.
Freight office, 10 Market street. . . • ¦•'
C. D. DUNANN".. .General Passenger Ag?nW .
1O Market- street, San Francisco..-
O. R. & N. CO. J:
"Columbia" sails Nov. 23. Dec. 9. 19. 23.
"George W. Elder*! sails Dec. 4. 14. 24. Only
steamship line to PORTLAND. OJt.,'and short
rail line- from Portland ' to. all points East.
Through tickets to all points, all rail "at* steam-
ship and rail at . LOWEST RATES. Steamer
tickets Include berth and meals. Steamer- tails
foot of ¦ Spear St.- at 11 a. m. 3. F. • BOOTH,
Gen. 'Agt. Pass. Dept.. 1 Montgomery st. ; C
CLIFFORD. Gea. Agt. Freight Dept, . S
Montgemery st. : - <••-...
AMjCSXCjKST T« I N H.
Nct York — Southampton — London.
Phlla. .Dec. 5, 9:30amlN.York.Dec.l9,9:3» tn
S.Louls.Dec.l2,&:30 amJSt.Paut.Dec.2fl.9:3O am
• ATXAUTIC TEAHSPOST U3TE.
V9W York — London Direct.
Mesaba. .. Dec. 5. 9 ami Menom'ne.Deo. 19.9 am
Mln'tka.Dec. 12, noont Mln'p'l&Dee. 2S. 10 am
Only First-class Passenger*- Carried. -, «
¦ v^v Doanrsnos mra. =• -?-..\:
Portland— Liverpool — Short sea passae*
Cambroman ....Dec. 5[ Canada Jan. 3
Dominion Dec. 01 Dominion ......Jan. 23
BSD STAS LINE. . ->'^-'
TSmw Yoxk— Antwerp — Paris.
Finland. Dec.5.10:3O am| Krn"ld.D«c.l9.in:30 am
Vadrld.Dee-12.1Q:3O ain!zeaInd.JDec.26.10:3O am
"WHITE STAS UJSTE. •¦ : 1
Jfew York — Qneenstown — Liverpool.
. Sailing Wednesdays. : *
Cedrlc.Dec. 2. 2:30 pm I Teutonlo. Dec 23> nooo'
ArablcDec. 9. 9:30 am Celtic. .pec. 3i\ 1 .pm
OceanlcDea 18.. 4 pmt Majestic. Jan. 6. noon
. Bostca — QueeastowD. — Liverpool. -
Cretlo Deoi. 10 Jan. X*, Feb. 11
Cymric ...:.'«. ...;... Dec. 24. Jan. 28." Feb. 25
BOSTOXT MZOITEBBAXZ&R SSSTZOS.
Azores, Gibraltar, Uaplas, Oeaoa.
ROMANIC Dec, 3 Jan. 19. Feb. 27
REPUBLIC (naw). ..Jan. 2. Fab. 13.! Mar. 2*
CANOPIC Jan. 30. Mar. 13
C^D, TATLOB, Passenger Agent Pacific Coast.
21 Post at.. San Francisco. " ', ¦
UJfMAPLC.3 8f ALEXANDRIA. BXVYPT^BJ
ROMANIC. Dec 6. Jaa. 18, Feb.. 27. ApL 9
REPUBLIC (new), Jan. 2. Feb. 13. Mar, J8
CANOPIC...-.;.. Jan. SO. Mar. 12
(Send for rates -and- Illustrated booklet.)
These steamers are the largest lit the.
Mediterranean service."
FtrsA elaas. *tt and ISO upward* accort-,
ing to dat» 0* sailing. . .:, . , ,
Boston to Liverpool ,
CRETIC Dec. XO. Jan. 14. Feb.* 11
CYMRIC.: *Dee. 24. Jan. 23^ Feb. 25
First class. $65 upward. For plans, etc.,
address ' •¦-¦¦• ¦>•.¦¦¦ ..,,..
- WHITE -STAR LUTE.* 11 >J1 State st,
Boston, or to C. P. TATLOH. 21 Poat «f
. TOYO KISEN KAISM
.(ORIENTAL. STEAMSOFTIP CO>. : \'; %
Steamers will leave wharf, . corner Firsthand
Brannan street*." at X p. m.. foe YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG.- calling at Kobe <Hiogo>. %
Nagasaki ¦ and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong* with eteamers for India, etc " No
cargo received on board on day of salllns.
8. S. HONGKONG MARU.......... ,.:,... ¦",¦'¦
.'........ Thursday. December 3.-1Q03
3. S. NIPPOJT MARU (calling at Manila) Z
Wednesday, December SO; 1903 -.
S. S..AMER1CA MARH ...-.i.. >.
Monday.. January 25. 1904
.Via Honolulu.. Round-trip tickets) at reduced
rates. For freight and. passage- apply- at Com-
pany's* office 421 Market street, corner First."
¦ • W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
S S. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu, N*ov.Sail am.
S. S. MARIPOSA, for Tahiti, Dec. I, 11 a. "raV
S S. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
'land and Sydney. . Thursday. D«c. 10. 2 p. m.
Inf5M3CGt.823 BarkatSUfierlfi. T.PaciSe IL .
C0X?AQ5iE GE5EEALS TRAN3ATLANTIQU3/
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRB-PARIS.'j^j^
Paillnar every Thursday instead of **&9£3TO •'
Saturday ".at 10 a^ m.. from Pier 42, i**™**;
North River, foot of 'Morton street. .. J ,-. V! ,.
First-class to Havre. S7O and upward. Sac-
ond-class to Havre. 4*45 and upward. --GEN-M
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITEDSTATES AND i
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson Building), ; .
New York. J.' T. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coa*t
Agents B Montgomery avenue. San Franclacp^
Tickets soid by all . Raiiroad .Ticket Agents,
! ROOMS AJipBOARD. '
~*~
VAX NESS AVE.. NEAR GEART ST.
AMERICAN PLAN. .
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 706.
SELECT FIRST-CLASS FAMILY. HOTEL.
HOT AND COLD OCEAN WATER. -
i SPECIAL RATES BY THE MONTH.
- * M«NGER & • ZEBERO., PROPRIETORS.
HARRISON, 570. 4 blocks from Palace Hotel —
Large room for 3 or 4 persons; also singles;
? good home board $4 yeek.'
HOTEL MARTINET, Geary st. and Van Ness
ave., has cnanged hands; hereafter conducted
• . first-class family hojel; table board specialty.
STEVENSON mansion. 807 j California st. — At-
• tractive and Bightly rooms; best table and
¦ "service; lowe'st rate's'.'* ' " ,.
VALENCIA, 1189 — Nicely furnlshedN rooms and
i rood board: reasonable. J ' ' ¦-. '. .
FIRST/ 32-3 — Room and board, $4 50 per. week;
; home." cooking; house changed hands. .
• ItOOMS AND BOAni) WANTEfl.
'WANTED— (Room' and board In good hotel at
?30 per' month "for a gentleman ; north of
' Market Bt. and west of Taylor. Address box
• , 4SS0. Call office. ' " _ • ".- ¦
! ,'.RCO)1S WANTED. •"'.
WANTED^-By young man,, room In- private
' Protofetant family in vicinity^ of. St. Luke'B
Cnurch. .'Address Episcopal. 4739. Call.
'''¦'«'' SPECIAL vXOTICEg.-
Ladles! Chlcheeter's English;. Pennyroyal Pills
are best; eafe/reliable; take no other. Send 4o
/stamp* -for particulars. "Relief for Ladles"
¦• »¦* In letter by return mail, ask your druggist.
< Chlghester Chemical'. Co,. . Philadelphia. Fa.
STUTTiSRISa AKD. ¦ STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE Schoo.1, Van N«ss-Market — Cure
in every easel- Individual teaching; no medl-
cine. Inquire into wonderful cures:home cure.
~ MARRIAGE LICENSES.
.The following marriago licenses were Issued
yesterday: ¦ ,
Francis J. WaUh. 21. 36 Chattanooga street,
andTMargaret J. Boland; 18.. 8869 Twentieth «t.
Oeorle B /Button. 25, 2702 Polk street, and
Agnes M. McGulre. 21 New York City.
Charlie Hansen. 21. 112 Morris avenue, and
Mjnr Ivors- 10 S979 Nineteenth street.
Charles A. McDermott 27, 404 Ninth street.
and Mary A. Kelly, 19. 35 Grand t street.- -
Raphael J. Aston, 29, 837A Mission street,
and Ella Trainor, 20, 1318 Guerrero "treet.
Giuseppe Raffo, 28, 4 Elizabeth street, and
Luigia Masconi. 19. 4 Elizabeth street. ....
John Matthews, 33. C20 Kansas etreet, and
Martha A. Little. 32. Sltt^ValleJo street. "_
Thomas . P. Crowley. 27. .1817 Greenwich
street, and Mollie McColgan,, 20. 2030 Lorn -
Charles S. Close. 21,. 601 Jones street, end
Christine Slmmen, 18. cltJ'-' • ' _
Hawiey N. Barney, 20,* Point Richmond, and
Eva M. Turley, IS, Point Richmond. .
John Sandstrom, 30, 320 Drumm. street, and
Christina Johnson, 27, 320 Drumm street.
Henry Hauser, 21. 978 Filbert street, and '
Mary O'F.rien, 21, 7JJ5 Clementina " street;
Lloyd E. Luksns, 28. SantaCrui, and Maude
Cress, 24. Santa Cruz. '-.
Ffank A. EmminKton,' 36,. Sulsun, and Gerda
H.» Edenborg. 25, Rio .Vista. . - . - : . .:,
William T. Werry. 30, 2005 Pine street, and
Minda A. Brink. 24, 2409 Pacific avenue.
Marc R. BurKe, 24, 240 Shotwell street, and
Anita T. Kennedy, 22. 1524 Treat avenue.
Charles R. Cumminss, 26, Los Angelea, and
Rhoda McAllister, 26, Los Angelea.
Edward P. Luce, 40, San Jose, and Alice E.
Fuller, OS. San Jose. *
Jauies D. O'Kane. 25, 131 Halght street,
and Gertrude M. Pickle, 25, 131 Halght street.
William F. Duiirhy. ¦ 27. 725;O'FarrelI etreet,
and Ivy . M. Yates, 20, Salinas. "¦ .-
Swen A. Olson, 27, 1015: Market street, and
Myra-M. Delma*. 30. 1015" Market street..
' Henry Misherifelder. 45, 620 Sacramento
street, and Emlile Dogan, 35, 100 Cherry • at.
George J. LI nd berg, 28, 2014 Mission street,
and Maraaret M. Donohue, 24, 3S36 Twenty-
first etreet. - - - . - ¦ -' ¦¦¦¦'¦.
Mark Belmore. 27, Santa Cruz, and Blanche
A. Hart. 22, Santa Cruz.
James E. LanKdon, 25, Eureka, Cal., and
Marie Fritz, 24, Erie, Kans. : .
George Bess,. 21, C'2 Second . street, and Susie
Cu>ran. 18. 39Co" Sacramento Rtreet.
Louis A. Bauer.' 25, 100 Fourth street, and
J Lucy A. Cunningham, 17, 23^ Silver street.
Harry V. Loveland. 42, city, and Lulu P.
Edwards, ill. San Francisco. ..' • . .
LiRTH^—MAERIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth. ' mr\rr:acp and death notices sent by
. mail "*i!l n&tiba Inserted. They must, be handed
1 in »-.t ¦- .. '..ar ¦ 1 the publication offices and be
j Indorse.! >\ ,..:¦ the name and residence of per-
i sons authorized to have the same published.
i Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the.event are published. ones. In this' column
free of charge., j ¦. ¦•¦¦•. - - .
EOBN, . : ,
EDWARDS — In this city, November 14, 1903.
to the wife of GtormW. Edwards, "a daugh-
ter. : j-':<
ELLISON— In thia city, November 25, '1903, to
the wife of D. Elllaan, a son. .
MARRIED. ~
MANION— NAGLEJ-In this city. November 12.
100::. by the Rev? Father John Nugent,- John
yj. Manion and Mary A. Nagle, both of
San Francisco.
MOSIER— COLE— In -this city, November 25.
1003. by the Rev. William C. Pond, Fred W.
Mosier and Sadie E. Cole, both of San
Francisco.
diedT~ •
Notices of deaths are" published free of
charge. Additional matter, such as funeral
announcements, etc., ia charged for.
Allison, David E. Lower, John E.
Armes, Charles W. McConville, John J.
Brandt, Elizabeth McDonell, Anna M.
Byrne, George Miller 1 , Henry
Carlson, Mary J. : O'Hara, Edward
Cavanaugh, Edward Rainey, Samuel
Coleman, David R. . / Reed, Augustus
Davis, Charles / • Ross, Bert C.
Donnels, Marie 'i Ryden, Christina C.
Ehlart, Charles < Saxe (Infant)'
Ehlert, Charles . Schmoll, John '
Fowler/Mary ' ; Smith. Caroline •
Garretson,- Mrs. Jane - Storms, Mrs: Mary
Gendar, Edward F. Sullivaji, Daniel
Graft. Justlan J. ... Valencia, Mary A. '
Grifse,' Elizabeth Von der Mehden, W.
Hanson, Annie E. Walsh, Julia
Hughes, Henry 1 Wettmann.-Geo. A.
" Isaacs, Jcsh.ua L. • Wolf, Ben D. ¦ ~s. J ¦,>.+.¦'¦
Kelley, Catherine : ; -..-•¦• •:
ALLISON— In tH|s city. November. 25, 1903,.
Imvid. Erskine, beloved husband of LIUIe
Allison, and father of D. E. Jr. and. Edward
R, Allison, a native of Iowa, aged 62 years
and 10 months. , " •' .' • . .
CFuneral and Interment private.
ARMES— In Oakland. November 25, 1903 ,- at
1201 West street. Charles William- Armes.
beloved husband of Susan E. Armes. ; and
father of Charles William ¦ Armes Jr., a na-
tive of. Hadley. Mass., aged 74 years 11
' months and 5 days. •
BRANDT— In this city, November 24 1003
Elizabeth . H., dearly beloved wife of the
late George E. Brandt, and dearly beloved
• mother' Of George T. Brandt, Mrs. Musette
Jeffray and the • late Mrs, ; Louise Congdon.
Mrs. May i Erratt and John T.- Brandt f
(ETRelatives and friends are invited to at-
tend the funeral eervices to-day (Thursday),
at 11:15 o'clock, at St. Francis Church," cor-'
, ner Vallejo street and Montgomery ayenue.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. . . . . - -. . •;
BYRNE — In thU city. November 25, 1903,
George, beloved son of John B. and Katie
: Byrne, and brother of John E., Robert-K.,
Maggie and Katie - Byrne and Mrs." Mary
Keller, a native of California, aged 23 years
9 months and 11 days. ¦.-.? J *
CARLSON— In this city, - November 25. 19.03,
Mary Josephine, dearly beloved - daughter of
Charles L. and Annie Carlson, and sister- of
Margaret C. and Charles J. Carlson, a na-
tive of -San .Francisco, aged 14 years' : 2
months and 20 days. - . , . •.•;¦.' ¦-,.'.•
(1 7 Friends and acciuaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday)." at 9 o'clock; from : the residence of
the parents, : 107 Jefferson avenue, off Cort-
land avenue, thence to Et. John's Church,
where a requiem*. high mass /will be cele-
brated for the ! repose of - her soul at ,9 ;3Q
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross .' Cemetery.
CAVANAUGH— In Fruitvale.' November 23
1903,. Edward, beloved son : of Jane ¦ Cavan-
augh, and brother of John Cavanaugh, a na-
tive of- San " Francisco,' aged 37 years. * .
E7" The funeral will • take - place • 1 to-day
(Thursday),, at 9:30 o'clock, from- the par-
lors of Care w & English, 29 Van Ness ave-
: nue. V . Interment < Holy Cross Cemetery. , ;
COLEMAN— In this * city. November 25, 1903.
David - R. , husband /of. Mary H. . Coleman
and' father of Henry R. "and William s'
Coleman. a native of Nantucket, Mass., aged
78 > yearo 2 , months and" 21 days.
; (C7Notlce 'of ; funeral', hereafter.
DAVIS— In Modesto. Cal.. November" 21 1903
Charles, beloved husband of the late Mamie
C. Davis of Turlock, - father of Mrs G A
Swett and 5 the late - Agatha ¦ Davis, ion * of
Captain C. Dayls.and brother-in-law of T
P. i Kennedy . o£ ; San . Francisco, -. a native of
Alvarado, t Cal. , ¦ a»red : 48 . years. • (Stockton
.papers please copy.) ¦.,' ' „ " ;. r ..""
DONNELS— In Merced, "¦ Cal.",V : November ' 24
1903,:Marle. beloved wlf* of the late Thomas
Donnels,* and mother, of • Albert T. ; and Hor-
. James McGinn. • '" ¦" .'.- *••; Henry ' Hansen"
. .james mcginn & co.. -
Formerly. With > McGinn Bros.. , - .
— — Funeru 1 Directors and Embalmere.——.''
214 ' Eddy j «t.: 'Tel.* South '876. .0"
F. J. MONAHAN, Manager. ; Tel.* Mission »L
MONAHAN; O^HARA & CO.
FUNERAL" DIRE^CTORSfAND '.EMBALMERS.
: ' ? ' 2339-2341- Mission st.;. rear, Nineteenth, : v - .
-. ¦ : • .-, ' San Francisco.
NEXT SUNDAY CALL
SEE THE PHOTOGRAPHS.
BEEKE1LEY PROFESSOR'S
STRANGE I.IFE -
AMONG THE CLITP
DWEIiLERS.
PHVSICIASS AXD . SUUGEOXS.
1 DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— -Office and residence,
1021% Market St.. bet. Oth and 'ith; particu-
. lar attention paid, to dlgeaaea of women.
BLOOD, akin and rectal' diseases a specialty.
; DR. BALL. 1O73>4 Market st.' '
. REMOVED^-DK. WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseasee of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at Ct'7 Gear)' et.. near I^eavenwortn.
DR. "TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. " LI Po
t Tal herb doctor, cures all diEtases of human
. ;by uee of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
> rm ii C WONG. 710 Post Bt.; all diseases
cur<=d by' Chinese herbs; consultation free.
t WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dls-
«-»EP» curp<l by Chinese herb*. 746-8 Clay St.
PROPOSALS. "_¦_:¦_
i NOTICE TO CONTRACTORS.
" OFFICE Or THE BOARD OF STATE HAR-
: bor Commissioners. Union Depot and Ferry
House, San Francisco, California, Novem-
\ SesW proponaJB or bids will be received at
' this effioe at or prior to 2:15 o'clock p. m.
5 on Wednesday. December 23. 1903. for the
I construction of a section of seawall ' and
1 wharf along fame to be located between
King and Channel streets en the water
I front of the City and County of San Tran-
, elsco. in accordance with the plans and
i-jwifleations prepared therefor by' the Chief
'. Engineer of the Board «nd adopted by the
1 Board August £¦", lWXi, aad on file In this
cifiee, to which upeclal reference Is hereby
t made. The work to be done under thete
; specifications consists in furnlthing all ma-
terialt and labor for constructing and erect-
Ing a stone seawall with end embankments
and a wharf. It is estimated that the *ea-
¦ wall and end embankments will contain
about 90,000 tons of stone; the wharf will
'. contain M.OfiO square feet it wharf sur-
face. This eectlcn of the seawall will ex-
tend from the intersection of the northerly
; line of Channel street (prolonged easterly)
with the water front line, six hundred (000)
leet northerly *lon« said water front Una.
> The materials to be used for the construc-
tion of the seawall and end • embankments
! will consist o( etone not subject to decom-
position nor disintegration by the action of
sea v.ater or air. < . -
1 Two classes of stone will • be recognized.
1 The first class will Include stone of one or
I more cubic feet In fair assortment cf sizea
1 between one and four cubic feet; no objec-
1 tion will be made to etone larger than four
i cubic feet; this claes of stone must be' free
1 of seares and marked lines of cleavage.
• The eecor.d class will include Etone of lest
than one cubic foot. In assorted sizes, but
1 no stone lees than five pounds will be . ac-
1 cepted at the quarry.
, The materials for the construction of the
wharf will consist of the requisite quanti-
ties of first class, close grained, Douglas
yellow fir piles and yellow flr lumber (mer-
chantable quality), wire rope, wrought Iron
bolts, spike*, etc., all of the best quality
and subject to a rigid examination.
No bid will be received unless ii is "made
en a blank form furnished from this office
and is accompanied by a certified check for
five per cent of the aggregate amount of
the bid. payable to the order of tha Secre-
tary cf the Board, as a guarantee on the
part of the successful bidder that " he will
within elx (6) days after the acceptance of
' the bid enter Into a written contract to da
eaid work, according to the plans and ep»c-
; lfications prepared therefor, and will also
execute and file with this Board a- bond in
such rum as the Board may a.eem adequate
with a surety company, to be approved by
the Beard of State Harbor Commissioners
end conditioned for the faithful performance
of such contract; nor will said bid .be con-
eidered by this Board unless delivered to the
secretary or to the <&EBi£tant secretary at
the office of the secretary, at or prior to
2:15 o'clock p. m.' on Wednesday, Decem-'
ber 23." llMO. at which time and place tha
bids -will be ooened. -. ¦ . ¦
The Board reserves the right to reject any or
all "bids If deem»<J *or the best Interest of
tha State. - .¦ • .
Bidders are Invited to be present at the open-
Ids of the bids: - - . ' . y
CHAS. II. SPEAR.
JOHN C. KIRKFATRICK.
J. D. MACKENZIE.
Board of State Harbor Commissioners.
LOTT D. NORTON*. Chief Engineer.
, JOHN M. FOY. Secretary.'
PROPOSALS — Bids wanted. Notice Is hereby
Klver. that sealed proposals will be received
by the board of directors of the Veterans'
Home of California, at Its office, room 13, 820
Sansome St.. San Francisco, Cal.. up to 11
o'clock a. m.. SATURDAY. DECEMBER 5.
1903, and opened immediately thereafter in the
( presence of bidders, for furnishing and deliv-
ering quartermaster and commissary supplies,
etc.. for the Veterans' Home, Napa County.
California (railroad station Yountvllle),for six
months, commencing Jan. 1, 1004, and ending
; June 30. 1004. Schedules with information
and Instructions for submitting bids will be
rurnished upon application by the under-
signed. Bidders will carefully follow the con-
ditions of the schedules, and.no bid will b»
cbEEidered unless It Is In. accordance with
euch schedules. Bids on tea. coffee and sugaj>
must be made on samples submitted. No bids
¦will be received from parties who are not
regular .dealers in and carrying stock of sup-
plies on which they bid. Each bidder, must
accompany his bid with a certified check
upon some well-known and responsible bank-
ing-house for at- least 10 per cent of th»
amount of his bid, payable to . C. Mason :
• Kince. treasurer, conditioned that the bidder
will enter into a good and valid contract
upon notice of acceptance, as required by law. '
The board reserves the right to reject any or
all tidy, and to order any quantify over or
under the amount specified. Address JOHN'
F. SHEEHAN. Secretary of the Board of Di-
rectors of the Veterans' •Home of California 1 ,
room' 12. 320 Eansome street. Sad Francisco, I
Cal.
By order of the Board of Directors.
JOHN F. SHEEHAN,. Secretary.
' PROPOSALS for manufacture of ' clothing.
28 New Montgomery St.. San JTrancieco. Cal.,
Nov. 23. 1903.— Sealed proposals In triplicate :
will be received here until 10 a. m., Decem-
ber 7. and then opened ; for the manufacture '
of olive drab overcoats, service coats,
, breeches and flannel bhirts, as per U. S.
Ftandard snd specifications. AH cloth, serge,
flannel and lasting to be furnished by the
U S. The contractor to furnish all other
materials and trimmings. Including buttons.
All patterns, cuttings and remnants to re-
main the property of the United States. The
United States reserves the right to accept or
reject any or all proposals, or any part there-
of. Information and blank proposals fur-
nished on application. Envelopes containing
proposals should be Indorsed, "Proposals for
Clothing No. 9097," and addressed to MAJOR
C. A. DEVOL. Q. M., U. ft A., Depot Quar-
term aiter.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. Nov. 23. 1903.— Sealed
proposals, tn triplicate, will be received here
l until 12 o'clock, noon, December 23, 1903. and
then opened, for furnishing at San Francisco
Cal.. Portland, Or., or Seattle or Tacoma.
Wash., for shipment to Manila, P. I., 8.640,-
000 pounds oats and 10.870,000 pounds hay.
Government reserves right to reject or accept
any cr all bids in whole or In part. Inform-
ation furnished on application to WILLIAM
S. PATTTCN. Assistant Quartermaster Gen-
eral. Chief Q. M. - .
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal.. November 26 1903.—
Sealed proposals, in triplicate, will be re-
ceived here until 11 o'clock a. m., December
26, 1903, and then opened for furnishing and
erecting a 60,000-gallon tank on 60-foot
trestle at Fort Mason,' Cal. Government re-
serve* right to reject or accept any' or all
bids in whole or in part. Information fur-
nished cn"application to WM. S. PATTEN'
Assistant Quartermaster General, Chief Q. m!
OFFICE of Superintendent of Construction U
S. Postofflce. Courthouse,, etc.. 1044 Mission
Bt., San Francisco. Cal. — Sealed proposals
will be received at the above named office
until January 13, lfKH. for the construction
packing, shipping and delivery of the Interior
finish, etc.; of the U. S. legation buildings,
Peking. China, In accordance with drawings
and specifications, copies of which " may be
obtained at this office.
» J. W. ROBERTS. Superintendent. ¦
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
A — EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard st.. nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
fice Post and Powell sts.; tel. Prlve. Ex. 671.
COXKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dlfce. 333 Golden Gate ave.: phone East 120.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made; 840
Mission nC; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuas.
PACIFIC Storage end Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore it; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., -11 Montgomery
st.; tel. MAln 1S40. Shipping at cut rates.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cent* — The Weekly Call.
10 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
NEW HOME sewing machine; this week only;
$10, $15. 120: slightly used; needles 20c doa.
NEW HOME S. M. CO.. 10S1 Market st..
SPECIALISTS. , ". ¦ :
CATARRH^ DEAFNEsTand NOISES In EARS
positively -cored: netr- method*; 1 week'* treat.
merit free. Dr. Cottlnsham. 204 Butter st.
.TO IJBT. .. . '.'¦'" *
SHOEING, wagon and paint ehopr 22xS0. In-
. quire In grocery, southwest corner Geary and
Broderick st<. '.
TYPEWRITERS AND . SUPPLIES."
CHEAT BARGAINS "¦ IN TTPEWTUTCTS^We
sell better machines for-lc*s money than any
house In the city; rentals $3.' The Typewriter
• Exchang*. 636 California; telephone Main 2eO.
A FEW good typewriters at. £30 each; get par.
ticulars. L. St M.; ALEXANDER,"' 110 Mont-
gomery: et-'. : ' \ ..,• .>:.;,-
2D-HAND typewriters sold, ".rented,' "- repaired.
• Webster Typewriter Inspec, Ca, 808 Market.
ace C. DcnnelB end Mrs. J. D. Bradley, aged
70 years 11 months and . 26 days.
EHLART— In. this city. November 25, . 1003,
-Charles Ehlart, -a native of- Germany, aged
54 years.
EHLERT— In this city, November 25. 1903,
Charles Ehlert,' : a native of; Germany, agea
; 44 years 2 • months ' and ' 5 days. ; :
FOWLER— In this city, ilovember 25, 1003.
. Mary. ; beloved « wife of 'the late John W.
Fowler,- devoted mother of Catherine, Agnes,
Annie, Emma end Minnie Fowler, and lov-
ing slater of Mrs. Daniel Gilligan ' of Oak-
land, a native of County Galway,- Ireland.
C7The funeral will take place Saturday,
November 28, at 8:3Q o'clock., from her. late
- residence, 909; Haisht street, 1 thence to Sacred
• Heart Church, where a' solemn requiem higH
mass will be celebrated for the repose. of
her- soul, commencing ar 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment private, . Holy Cross Cemetery. ¦
GARRETSON— In Benlcla, November 23, 1903,
Mrs. Jane -Howard Garretson,. aged 85 years
and 5, months. -". ' . "¦'¦' ' . •. ' •
GENDAR— In thia dltyi November 24. 1903,
I Edward F., beloved husband of Ann M. Gep-
dar, . and- father of Edward "Jr.," John and
William Gendar. a native of New York City,
" aged 90* years 8 months and 1. day.
E7The funeral- will take place .to-day
' (Thursday), ¦ at- 1* o'clock, from the family
residence, 545 Stevenson street. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery, by electric: car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
GP.AFF— In this city, November 25, 1903,
Justlan" J. r Graff, a native .pf Switzerland,
. aged 75 years. .... ! ¦-•-,
GRIESE-rln- this- city, November 24, 1903,
Elizabeth Grlese. wife of . the late Adolph
Grieve, and mother of Mrs. ¦ B. ' Wilbrand and
• Mr»;-A.- Knhling. '-"«•! native of Oldenburg.
Germany, ¦ aged ! b5 -yearg 6 , months and ; t>
day/«. - ' : :
.-. lOfFricnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited . to - attend the S funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her daughter.- Mrs. B. Wilbrand. 113
Germanta avenue, thence to St. Boniface's
¦ Church, -where, a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose 'of her eoul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock.: Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. '- ¦ • • "
HANSON— In • Alameda.' November '25, 1903,
Annie E. Hanson, beloved wife of Henry L.
Hanson, mother of .Annette' and Harry L.
Hanson, and sister of Mrs. Mary -Manning,
Mrs. Jennie McFarland. William B., Henry
"M.- and John- T. Smith and the late -Mrs.
Haritwen, » native of San Francisco, aged
62 years and 6 months. / ¦ ;
¦ Cy Notice of funeral hereafter.'
HUGHES— In j this city. ' November ,25, 1903.
Henry, beloved - son of -John and Jennie
Hughes, : brother I of Thomas, . Frank; - James
and " Theresa Hughes, and grandchild of
Thomas and the late Theresa Rlley, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 10 years 7
months and 15 days.
ISAACS— In -thi* city,"- November .24. 1903.
Jcshua Laura. Isaacs, beloved husband -of
Sophia Isaacs, ' and father of Sarah Isaacs,
. a native of. Poland, ased 75 years, v
EJTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, .4172 Twentieth .street, near Cas-
tro, and thence by; 8:30 o'clock train. Third
, and^Townsend streets, to New Salem Ceme-
tery for ¦ interment. ,- . . . '•. •
KELLEY— In this city.; November j 24, 1908;
Catherine, beloved mother I of Michael J.,
William J. and Catherine Kelley, a native
Of County Mayo, Ireland, aged 62 years. !
1 EITThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:45 o 1 clock, from the parlors
of McFadden; McBrearty & Green. 1171 Mis-
eion street, between | Seventh and Eighth,
thence to St. Charles Borromeo's Church,
whero a. requiem mns« will be .celebrated for
the repose of . her soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
LOWER— In this city, November 23. 1003,
John Edgar Lower, *on of "Edward Lower,
a native of Ohio, , aged 3D. years. A member
.of Court Richmond No. 88, Foresters of
America, .. and * a ! member of Golden Gate
. Branch No. 214, National Association of Let-
- tcrcnrrlers. '.•¦-- • .. . . , ¦ ¦ " , -»
C^ 1 Remains at. the mortuary chapel of the
Golden - Gate i Undertaking Company, 2475
Mission street, near Twenty-first.
McCON VILLE— In this city, November 2J,
1903, John J., dearly beloved husband of
Mary G. McConvllIe. a native of San Fran-
cisco, ased 38 years 4 months and 24' days.
: JtyFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully ' invited 1 to- attend the. funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 0 "o'clock, from his late' resi-
dence, 224. Arllnston street, thence y> St.
John's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. Please, omit flowers..
McDONELL— In Alameda. November 24, 1903.
- Anna Marie, beloved wife of Captain E. R.
McDonell, a native of Sweden, aged 31 years
and- .3 .m«ith3.
irXFrlends and acquaintances are r?spect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral services
Saturday, November 28. 1903, at 11 o'clock,
at the residence, 1041 Railroad avenue," Ala-
meda. Interment- - Drtoate, Mountain Viaw
Cemetery. ' v r-, -.' 4 <•
MILLER — In' .this city, November 24, 1903.
Henry Miller, . dearly beloved son of - Henry
D. and Marie Miller, and devoted brother of
. Mrs. Oscar Fonder and Lena and Charles
' Miller, a native of Golden, Colo., aged 23
years 1 month and 14 days. . . ¦ '
¦ E7Friends and 'acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the i funeral to-day
¦ (Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, .233 Lanston street, between Seventh
and Eighth, Harrison ' arid ' Bryanty^.Inter-
mejit Mount Olivet Cemetery.
0'IIARA— In this city, November 24, 19081 Ed-
ward, husband of the late Elizabeth O'Hara,
and father of. Mrs. -"C. J. Robinson and Ed-
ward. John^and Samuel A. O'Hara, a native
of . Paterson, N. J., aged 72 years and 20
days. (Paterson, N. J., papers please copy.)
" inyThe funeral will take place to-day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 721VS Tehama etreet. Interment Cy-
. press Lawn Cemetery.
RAINEY — Entered into rest, in this city, No-
vember ¦ 25, 1903, Samuel, beloved husband
of Mary A. Rainey, and brother of William
S. and Gforgo E. Rainey and Mrs. C. H.
Hewitt, a -native of Philadelphia, Pa., aged
63 years 3 months and 22 days.
v tC7"Frleii(l8 and acquaintances are respect- 1
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resl- I
: dence, 1 109 Golden- Gate avenue. . ¦ Interment
Cypress- Lawn Cemetery, by special train
leaving Third and Townsend streets at 3:35
o'clock. ¦•¦•."-¦-•.
REED — In East -Oakland. November 25, 1903,
at 1C East Ninth street, Augustus, beloved
husband of Jessie Reed, a native of Maine.
ROSS— In this city, November 25, 1903, Bert
C, beloved son of • Albert E. and Mary E.
Ross, and "brother of. lone, Irma, Leola and
Stanley Roes and Mrs. Alfred Seale, a na-
tive of California. . aged 29 xears 7 months
and 12 days.
RYDEN— In Oakland, November • 25, - 1903,
. Christina C. Ryden, beloved mother of Eliza-
beth ' Rohn, a native " of Sweden, aged 84
yeara 2 months , and 0 days.
SAXE— In this city, November 24. 1903. in-
fant son of Marion C. and Florence E. Saxe,
aged -24 days.- ¦ . -\ ¦- 1 ....
SCHMOLL^— In Belmont. Cal.. - November 25,
¦ 1003, 'John' Schmoll, a native of Germany,
"aged 84 years.' • - -. :
|E7Funeral will take place from his late
residence at Belmont Friday, November 27,
at II o'clock," thence taking 12:11 o'clock
. train "for Interment at Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery. .' ''• : . ¦ • ' ' - . • ¦¦ . . -.
SMITH— In this city. November 23. 1903,
Caroline, beloved wife of John F. Smith,
daughter of Mrs. Caroline Helm, and sister
of .Mrs.. Frank Siebrecht,. ,Mrs. .Herman
Locks and George Helm, a native of New
. York,' aged 39 years and 9 months. ' -.
EJ'Frlends.and acquaintances are respect-
fully^ invited to attend the funeral to-day
-(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
' dence, 1364- Vallejo street, between Hyde and
j Larkin. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by
' carriages."' * •¦ ,.:.,.'. ." , ,» ...
STORMS— to • this, -city, at> the University
Mound Home, November 24, 1903, Mrs. Mary
Storms; aged -84 'years. . ¦ :,-.:. .
SULLIVAN— Daniel Sullivan, beloved brother
of Mrs. F.-W.-f Weber and Mra. B. Ames, a
native of San Francisco, aged 85 years.
(CTlnterment was " held private In Holy
Cross Cemetery November 25, 1903.
VALENCIA— In this city, November 24, 1903,
. Mary A.. \ beloved wife of Milton P. Valen-
cia, mother -^of Cyril. Felton and Melville
. Davidson, daughter pf John and Mary Grif-
fln,,sister of John J.. Harry, Agnes and Bes-
sle Griffin, and niece of Mrs. J. Demalder, a
native of San Francisco, aged 27 years.
CTFrlenas andacquaintancei are reapect-
, fully invited to attend, the funeral from her
late residence, .. 60S Third street, Thursday,
November 26. at 8 o'clock.' thence to St.
Rose's Church, where a requiem high- maaa
• -will 'be' celebrated for the repose 6f her soul,
commencing at -9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. . . .' : ¦ . - ;
VON DER MEHDEN— In this city, November
24, 190V. William von der Mehden, beloved
husband of the late Sadie von der Mehden,
beloved , son of s Louis and - Mary von der
Mehden.' and brother of Louis von der Meh-
den Jr.' and Mrs. Charles Werner.' a
native, of, San Francisco, aged 28 . years
10 '-• months . and. 24.. days. A -member
of Presidio Parlor, No. 194, N. S. G..W.; the
Musicians' - Mutual Protective Union, and
• the First New. York Regiment. U. S. Volun-
- teers. • (Boston" and Albany papers ¦ pleaas
copy.)--.:-.' :<¦-¦:¦.'*¦•( ¦/¦;.<.,; ..,.:. .¦.--..., •,
IT?" Friends and acquaintances are .respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral tomorrow
,..-'. (Friday), at 10 o'clock, 1 ! from his . lata ' resl -
1 dence, : 2333 Leavenworth street. ; ' Interment
: - private. . " Please ; omit ; flowers.'
WALSH— In this " city, November 23. 1903,
Julia, beloved : wife- of the late t Stephen C.
-Walsh, !and mother of. Nicholas, Frank and
Rose Walsn. \ Mrs/ W. < A. Blakely and > the
; late ; Stephen . and Julia r Walsh.; .. ¦ .;-,•-: -.r^* .
• : - * C?"The funeral will , take place . to-morrow
• (Friday), at 10 o'clock, 1 , from - the parlors of
i 1j. C.-O'Cocnbr-A Co.., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Peter's Church for services at
11 o'clock." Interment* Holy Cross Cemetery,
by 11:40 o'clock train from -.Twenty-fifth and
streets.^. :;-.,. ¦:.'", , >.,.;.
MPETTMANN— In this city,' Npvember 25, 1903,
¦ George Alfred, beloved husband of .Ella
r ¦ Wettmann. son of the ; late - Catherine Hen-
• nig ' and brother, of Mrs. Amelia Barzellottl
- and Frank Glltner, a native of Sydney, Aus-
•"'-'tralla.'-aeed 89 .years.' " • •; ; ¦
• ' ¦ CTFuneral private. Interment . Cypress
.' Lawn: Cemetery..^-. --=•;¦•'— ¦¦' '¦-. - • •..
WOLF-^In* New, York Clty v " November- 25, 1903,
• Ben' D.;- beloved' sen' of Henriette and the
!/^late David Wolf, and brother of James, Ar*
thur, Henry, 8andford and Leon Wolf.' Mrs;
L.-V. Werthelmer and Mrs. I. Constlne. /
CATHOLIC Ladies' Aid Society— The annual
requiem 'mass for the deceased members and
' relatives and friends of the Hying members
of t»»e Catholic Ladles' Aid Society will be
celebrated at St. Mary's Cathedral Friday,
' November 27. at 8:30 o'clock.'
YOUNG Men's Catholic Union — A requiem
high mass for the repose" of the souls of the
I - deceased members of the Young Men's Cath-
olic Union will be celebrated in the eathe-
. dral at 10 o'clock . on Thanksgiving Day
(Thursday raornln*. November 2tt). The rela-
tives and friends of deceased members are
; respectfully Invited to attend.
THE funeral tervfees of W. H. Jehu, a mem-
ber of Lincoln Post Nol 1. % G. A. P... will be
: -held at. Weaver's undertaking parlors. Park
1 street, between Santa Clara .and Railroad
avenues. Alameda. on Friday. November 27,
10<Xi, at 2 o'clock, under the auspices of
Lincoln ;Post No. 1. All comrades of the
! G. A. R. are respectfully Invited to attend. ¦SOCIETY YOUNG WOMEN' WHO WERE PROMINENT LAST EVENING AT THE OPENING DANCE GIVEN
- IN THE NEW BALL ROOM OF THE PALACE HOTEL BY THE PATRONESSES OF LA JEUNESSE AS
SEMBLY.
have demanded an ';• investigation, but
instead I was transferred tq Station E,
arid: I now hold "a better, position.
. "At- the time that Miss Dickson said
that my wife had been • talking about
her I asked who the parties "were that
told her,, but she gave r me no answer.
Twas'nexfin line for promotion, and it
looks as if the -whole affair was a job
to have me ousted.. I understand that
Schutte. and Miss Dickson intend to be
married, and the rules provide that a
married woman cannot hold a position
In theservice. If I was out of the way
Schutte could get the management of
the station."
Mistakes Couplo for Footpads.
: Henry Schultz, a carpenter, living at
228 Lily avenue, discharged a' revolver
last night on the ' street because he
thought he, was^ being held up by a man
and a woman who addressed him. Po
liceman'Edward - J. Sweeney arrested
Schultz. The man - he : mistook for a
footpad gave j the : name of J.- D. Mur
phy., The \ woman refused to give her
name. Schultz was locked up pending
further inquiry.
; Guillen's Thanksgiving extra mince pies, Ice
cream and cake. 905 Larkln st.; tel. East 198. •
Police .Did Not Believe Him.
,A -man giving the name of Jacob
Prine ; complained to liie police last
"night that he* had ben held up In /the
vicinity of Golden Gate Park and had
been \ robbed of $200/ The : police Inves
tigated • the j matter . and refused to be
lieve-the man's story. Prine gave his
address as 1711 Howard -street. "
all 'my. life,, can you?"
Then there was a smiling trio.
' When -seen last evening at his home,
.1650 .Waller street, Mr. Gillispie was
"reluctant to discuss the incident at all,
'but finally gave this statement:
'7 ' MR. GILLISPIE SPEAKS.
: "The unpleasantness that arose in the
office at Station O occurred when Miss
Dickson came to me, and stated/ she
had 'received information that my wife
had been'talkirig about her and ordered
me '„ to - keep her j away from the office.
•I naturally/ defended my wife, and a
heated 'argument took place between
•Miss Dickson and myself. I could not
deal her as I would deal | with \ a
man,." and . had to content myself with
telling' her. what. I thought of her. At
this 'Juncture Mr. Schutte took up , her
side of the fight and punched me In the
jaw,* knocking me down. \When I was on
the; floor Miss Dickson grabbed me by
the hair and when Igot to my feet she
struck me oh the Jaw.with her.denched
fist. : : I ,waa not 1 , knocked; down by the
blow, , although it staggered me. I then
.went out of the office and was followed
by Schutte.' We had ' a wordy war In
the. corridor, and I struck him in , the
face. He Is a njuch larger, man than I;
but he made haste to get 'inside of the
office.
"I went to Judge . Mogan the .follow
ing day and'swore out warrants for the
arrest of : Miss Dickson and Mr! Schutte,
but had them recalled before they were
; served. v - 1 reported • the matter to, Su-
' l perlhtendent Cox and .understand that
the other parties did likewise: '¦) I 'have
hadithe » best ; of. the i matter, for -I Lun~
derstand I that several ; allegations j were
, made against \ me \ which' If ' true! would
• In many asthma cases Piso's Cure for Consump
tion gives relief that is almost equal to a cure. •
Suspends Deputy Tax Collector.
Tax Collector Smith yesterday sus
pended W. F. Reardon. a deputy in his
office, for a period of thirty days for al
leged neglect of duty. Reardon's neglect
consisted in failing to stamp as paid
a bill for taxes paid by a property
owner. Smith* reprimanded Reardon,
who became abusive, and his suspen
sion followed. Smith says the money
for the taxes was turned over to the
city treasury and there was no ques
tion of any misappropriation of the
funds belonging to the city.
Says Employes "Were Careless.
Willis Madsen, whose wife, Augusta, I
was injured by a fall from 1 a car on j
Fulton street last October, sued the
United Railroads yesterday for $30,000
damages. He says the accident was
due to the gross carelessness of the
company's employes.
Eight large windows of Pattosien Co.,
Sixteenth and Mission, are filled with
beautiful dining-room furniture. Each
window contains a distinctly different
style of -table matched with chairs and
sideboards, as we admire them. You may
choose from 42 styles of tables and over i
100 different styles of chairs. The range
of buffets, china-closets and sideboards
assures satisfaction. *.-¦' •
No Light in Potrero.
PiF. Fratessa of 898 Berlin street
complained to the Board of Supervisors
yesterday that for the past three morn
ings from 3:30 to 6 o'clock there has
not been a single light in that portion
of the . Potrero and South San Fran
cisco connected , with the circuit of
Kentucky street. •;'» ~
Murine Eye Remedy. A home cure for
Eye troubles. Never falls to win friends.
Used for infant and adpl t. Murine
doesn't smart. Druggists and opticians.*
Oil Suit to Bo Tried.
United States Circuit Judge Morrow
yesterday overruled the demurrer to
the amended bill in the case of Henry
F. Bulwer versus Yukon Crude Oil
Company, and the case will be tried on
its merits.
10,000 cans of W. G. M. Beans, with
iChili Sauce, sold in 10 jays.
Auto Transit Company Formed.
The Automobile Transit Company
was .' incorporated yesterday for $200,
000. Of this amount 52250 is subscribed.
The directors, each of whom has taken
$250 worth of stock, are F. I. Belasco,
H. H. Hart, John Morrisey, R. Fried
man. E. D. Price, M. E._Mayer, A. E.
Brooke / Ridley, Dan Einstein and H
H. z Davis.
"Well,", said .Miss Dickson, "you
can't expect me . to ; remain unmarried
•He smiled again, and Miss ..Dickson
blushed some ' more when the ? inter{
viewer suggested that there might : be
a flanoe in .the case.
Then Bhe glanced at Mr. Schutte, and
he Indulged in another enigmatic smile
as he remarked:. I : 'y : " /-; '%%£¦ V
"He's in "Mexico, you know, and; the
San Francisco newspapers are" not read
there."'- '•'¦ fr^'V :K*C<-^ ¦: .-¦.
tie since last Friday', but her manner
indicated thatshe was not kept awaXe
by gnawing regret'over the way: In
which she had rebuked Mr.. . Gllllspie'.s
alleged verbal attack. During her re
cital of the encounter her; black.. eyes
Bnappingly reflected the anger that had
been reawakened by mere remembrance
of the cause of it and the. usually good
natured expression of her flne oval face
was^ temporarily routed. Mr. Schutte
was personified equanimity throughout,
the interview. , ; • •
"I wonder how men can smile when
they talk of fighting," said Miss Dick
son, gazing wonderlngly at her muscu
lar champion as he told of the. *¦ ease
with which, he shook the pugnacity out
of Mr. Gillispie. . . "I'm sure I ' would
give anything if the fight had never
happened," continued the lady, "be
cause its publication in the newspapers
may interfere, ' with— well, with | my
plans for the future.".; ; y.^
"You mean it may impair your Btand
ing in the postal service?" the reporter
ventured.- .}¦ :'jA : !'-.,. t .'. ¦¦"¦[, :\\i. "* '.,;''
Mr. Schutte smiled mysteriously and
Miss Dickson blushed as she falteringly
explained:
"No, not exactly that."
Supper was served at midnight in the
marble and maple rooms, after which
dancing was resumed. Carriages were
The receiving party comprised Mrs.
Eleanor Martin, Mrs. Bowman McCalla
and Mrs. A. H. Voorhies, who .cordially
welcomed the guests.
There was no cotillon, as in previous
seasons, but informal dancing began
at 9 o'clock and a charming informality
pervaded the entire affair. Society in
its exclusiveness was • represented
among the dancers and their chaper
ons, and many of the new debutantes
were in evidence 'in their daintiest
frocks. Gowns ¦ were characterized by
simplicity and elegance admirably
suited to the wearers. • The men
ventional black and white and the fair
maids and matrons in their handsomest
attire, with a profusion of foliage be
hind them, comprised a . fascinating
and ever changing picture of beauty.
Patronesses were conspicuous by
their absence. Mrs. H. E. Huntington,
Mrs. William H. McKittrick, Mrs.
John D. Spreckels, Mrs. .William F.'
Herrin and Mrs. W. G. Irwin were
mlEsed.
Amid waving palms and many clust
ers of soft-shaded electric lights, the
dancers at La Jeunesse Assembly
wended their way through the mazes of
the waltz in the large ball room of the
Palace Hotel last evening. This dance
was the first of the series to be given
during the winter season, which opened
quite auspiciously except for the limited
attendance.
VMr«. Eleanor Martin gave, an, informal din
ner at her. home, on Broadway after which
the guests attended the assembly.
Mr. and Mrs. George D. Toy entertained
several friends at. dinner at their home, on
Vallejo street. - previous to Le Jeunesse. The
decorations '.were ¦ In . gresn • and gold with
maidenhair ferns., green tulle, green-shaded
candelabra and yellow roses. ¦ .
Kent, Miss Maye Colburn, Miss
Lucy Gwln Coleman, Miss Cole,
,Mlss Gertrude Dutton, Miss Elsie
Dorr, Miss Gertrude Eells, Miss Beth
Allen, Miss Ruth Allen, Miss Harvey
Anthony, the Misses Sophie and Alice
Borel, Miss Bates, Miss Florence
Bailey, Miss Grace Buckley, Miss Alice
Sullivan, " Miss Katharine Selfridge,
Miss Marjorie Gibbons. Miss Ida Gib
bons, Miss Helen Pettigrew, Miss Elsie
Tallant, Miss Mabel Toy, Miss Mabel
"Watkins, Miss Margaret Wilson, Miss
Etelka Williar,, Miss Marie Wilson,
Miss Jane Wilshire, Dr. Walter Gibbons,
Dr. Zeile, Richard Rountree, Dr. Short
lidge, U. S. A., Wilberforce Williams,
Baron von Horst, Percy Towne, Sidney
Salisbury/ Isaac Upham, Cary "VCen
Fleet! . J. C. Wilson, Allan Wright,
Leonard Wood, Willard Young, Edgar
Zook," Emerson Warfleld, Covington
Pringle, John M. Polhemus, Gaston
Roiissy,' Edwin McAfee, Herbert Baker,
Philip Baker, Robert Greer. Robert
Baird, Dr. Louis Brechemin, U. S. A.;
Everett Bee; Dt. Chidester, U. S. A.;
William B. Collier; Lieutenant Clarence
Carrigan, U v S. A.; Harry Dutton,
Frank B. King, Percy King, Lieutenant
Rowland B.; Ellis, U. S. A.; Dr. Sumner
Hardyi'Captain Frederick Johnston, U.
S. A.; Paul Jones, Dr. E. K. Hopkins
and Athole McBean.
Among the guests were: Mr. and
Mrs. Thomas Porter Bishop, Mrs. Mal
colm Henry, Mr. and Mrs. Wakefleld
Baker, Dr. and Mrs. . George * Shields,
Mrs. John Tallant,> Mrs. Hyde-Smith,
Mrs.- G.- L. Lansing, Mrs. Charles L>.
Bent, Mr. and Mrs. William Sherwood,
Mr. and Mrs. j Henry Dutton, Mr. and
Mrs. • Grayson Dutton, Mr. \ and . Mrs.
George Cameron, Lieutenant and Mrs.
Lewis, James D, Phelan. Dr. Edger,
U. \ S. ,~A.; , Miss Adams, Misses Deal,
Mlss'Ruth Gedney, Dr. and Mrs. James
A. Black, Mr. and Mrs. J. D. Spreckels
Mrs. Eleanor Martin was becomingly at
tired in black lace elaborately embroidered in
Jet. with 'a chou of lavender velvet.
Mrs. George Shlels was' charmlnjc In white
cluny lace over white\sllk, with ornaments of
pearls and diamonds.
Mrs. A. H. Voorhies wore a becoming gown
of black lace.
• Mrs. Thomas Porter Bishop was attired In
white chiffon. :
• Mrs. • Malcolm Henry of Washington wore -a
handsome gown of white lace over chiffon
and stlk. ' ¦ "
M!hs Florence ! Gibbons, one of the prettiest
of debutantes, was gowned In white silk.
Miss Sielcken was prettily gowned In white
eilk with carnlture of satin ribbon. • . . .
Mlsa Florence Bailey wore a handsome gown
of cream Arabian lace and chiffon. . ¦
Jliss , Laura Farnsworth was charming in
yellow crepe de chine with pearl trimming. .
Miss Florence Cole was daintily • attired In
white chiffon. .. ¦ . : *¦ ' - . -.'
Miss Jane Wilshire -wore a gown of, em
broidered pink crepe with chiffon.
• Miss 'Leta Gallatin was charming: In white
crepe de chine, trimmed with silver, spangles. \>
Miss Bessie Wilson wore a rainbow gown In
the most delicate of pearl shades. '
'Mies Mabel Watkins wore a pretty white
chiffon gown. , , ' : ' . ,
Miss Gertrude j Dutton was a picture' In
cream crer>e over yellow Bilk. ' . ¦
ordered at 2 o'clock, when the guests
reluctantly departed.
Among the most attractively gowned
guests were the following named:
The density of relative population of
Cuba is nearly the same as that of the
United States.
THE LADY'S STOBY.
Miss Dickson freely told her story
last evening to a Call representative,
¦who found her at her home, 1112A
In the Federal civil service code there
is no provision that could logically be
interpreted to prohibit fistic resentment
of an oral insult, and knowledge of that
omission may have nerved the good
right arm of Miss Carrie L. Dickson
when she dashed her clenched fist
against the countenance of Tom J. Gil
lispie last Friday evening in the office
of Postofllce Station O, on the mezza
nine floor of the Emporium.
Miss Dickson is the superintendent
of Station O, and Mr. Gillispie was one
of her deputies when the alleged insult
vas punished with the positive assault.
For the lady does not deny that she
emote Mr. Gillispie promptly and hard
just as socn as he had ceased address
ing to her an epithet which is unfit for
publication. And her statement is cor
roborated in every detail by Oscar
Schutte, Miss Dickson's other deputy,
who took up the castigatory exercise
•when she ceased and remained in
earnest and active pugilistic argument
with Gillisr>le until that person was
figuratively down and out.
Gillispie confirms the tale of attack,
but pleads tha< his punishment at the
hands of Mis; D'.ckson and Mr. Schutte
v.as utterly unprovoked by anything he
eaicl oi' did. He declares he did not by
either word or deed convey to Miss
Dickson anything thit a sane and tem
perate minded person would construe
as offensive, much less as insulting.
From the three-cornered fabric of
conflictir.gr testimony thus adduced
Postmaster Montague formed his own
conclusions, and vindicated the Diek
pnn-Schutte side of the controversy to
the extent of transferring Mr. Gillispie
to another station.
He Was One of Her Deputies, and
She Claims That He Was
Insulting 1 to
Her.
Postoffica Station in
Emporium.
She Is Superintendent of
Interlocutory decrees of divorce were
granted to Teresa Jacobsen from Lars
Jacobsen for neglect, C. S. Porter from
Annie Porter for desertion, Elizabeth
Kuenzel from Willis Kuenzel for de
sertion, Dora Layvesky from Isaac
Layvesky for cruelty, Annie E. Smith
from Samuel C. Smith for neglect.
Marguerite Ehlingen from Michel Eh
llngen for cruelty, and Annie McNeil
from George McNeil for cruelty.
Suits for divorce for desertion were
filed by Maud M. Owens against Elmer
C. Owens and Annie Jackson against
George Jackson. Cruelty is charged in
the complaint filed by John H. Paton
against Josephine Paton.
Emma Pauline Nledt was refused a
divorce from John Oscar Nledt by
Judge Graham. She charged him with
desertion, but the evidence showed
they had a disagreement October 20,
1902, the date of their separation. She
went home to her mother, while Neidt
returned to his folks. The quarrel was
caused by Ncidt's refusal to give up his
weekly duck-hunting expeditions.
rNTERLOCTJTOItY DECREES.
The Kellys live at 357 Hayes street.
They have five grown children. Michael
Kelly, the defendant, is a well-known
retired merchant. From one end cf the
State to the other and all through Ne
vada he is known as "Whisky" Kelly,
a name given him during hi3 connec
tion with the firm of Kelly & Eagan, a
wholesale ilquor concern that existed
here in early days, and out of which
Kelly made a fortune estimated at
$200,000.
Mrs. Kelly also claims that she is
badly in need of the attentions of a
dentist, but that Kelly refuses to allow
her the means. He refused to pay the
bills she had already contracted at a
dentist's and she was compelled to al
low her mouth to remain In a very
sore and distasteful condition. She
asks for a divorce and $230 a month
alimony, claiming that her husband's
wealth is community property.
Five months ago the fortieth wed
ding anniversary of Catherine T. and
Michael H. Kelly was celebrated. Yes
terday Mrs. Kelly commenced divorce
proceedings, charging the man to
whom she was married on June 10,
1863, with treating her cruelly. She
says that for the last three years she
has been an unhappy wife because of
Kelly's brutality, his manner of living
and his lavish expenditure in riotous
living of the fortune he amassed by
years of toil.
The plaintiff alleges that for more
than a year Kelly has not provided for
her and that he has spent his money
lavishly and given vast sums to re
ligious institutions. She says that it
was, in January, 1901, that he first mis
treated her, and that since that time
he has been harsh, cruel and abusive.
She avers that he struck her and
knocked her down then and used vul
gar and insulting language. In Sep
tember of last year, she says, he struck
her because she asked him for J5, and
on several occasions since then has
treated her meanly. She also charges
that though her husband knew that
her eyesight was failing and that she
needed the attention of an oculist he
refused to defray the expense of such
treatment. Informing her when she
asked him to give her money for that
purpose that "she could see too much
already."
ASKS HEAVY ALIMONY.
Miss Dickson volunteered the infor
mation that she had slept very Ht-
In explanation of her request Miss
Dickson stated that the rules . of the
department prohibit fighting within a
postofllce.
"Although," remarked Mr. Schutte,
"the department Is not likely to take
any further notice of an affair In which
a lady simply resented a 'filthy attack
upon her character."
SHE LOSES SLEEP.
"Oh, he got no worse than -he- de
served," Miss Dickson remarked, "and
a little more of the same sort might
not have been superfluous."
Miss Dickson resolutely refused to
disclose what Mrs. Gillispie had said
about her, further than to hint that It
would not look very nice in print.
"I am awfully sorry that the press
has got hold of the miserable incident,"
said Miss Dickson, "and I hope The
Call will Btate very plainly that the
fight did not take place in the office,
but outside in the corridor."
* "Where I dragged Gillispie to," hast
ily put in Mr. Schutte.
"Well, he was as good as put out,"
responded Mr. Schutte, relaxing his
bended arm. "When I let him go »he
staggered Aver to the rail and held on
to it, gasping." : \ : -'l r -; ¦-¦.'.
"Of course," resumed Mr. Schutte,
doubling up his right arm and proudly
surveying a bulging bleep, "I knew
that Gillispie was no match for me
physically, so I - satisfied myself by
grasping his throat and shaking all the
combativeness out of him.''
"Did you knock him out?" queried
the interviewer.
"Perfectly right," was the soothing
answer. "Well, when 1 saw him at
tempt to strike back at her I jumped
in and grappled with him. I clutched
his throat and dragged him out of the
office " 'v.v,'
"You did Just splendidly!" exclamed
the lady.
Mr. Schutte coughed modestly as he
took up the narrative.
"It was time for me to interfere," he
said, "and any man worthy of the name
would have interfered. When Miss
Dickson first spoke to Gillispie his
countenance assumed such an expres
sion of rage that I was hardly surprised
when he opened his mouth and spat out
a string of vile epithets. I was about
to interfere then, and had taken a step
toward the fellow when Miss Dickson
struck him "
"Didn't I do right?" eagerly inquired
the lady.
MR. SCHXJTTE'S TALE.
"In the most ladylike manner possi
ble," said Miss Dickson. "I requested
Mr. Gillispie to inform his wife that I
did not want her to visit him at the
office any more, as it was against the
rules to allow strangers to enter there
and because I heard that Mrs. Gillispie
had said some unfavorable things
about me. My language was refined
and my manner courteous as I uttered
the request, and I was about to turn
away, regarding the incident as closed,
¦when my ears were assailed by a tor
rent of abuse so filthy lhat impulsive
ly I swung around and struck Gillispie
on the face. Oh, I don't deny that I
struck him as hard as I could, nor do
I hesitate to say that I would do the
same thing again under similar provo
cation."
'How often did you strike him?"
Miss Dickson was asked. '
"I don't know," she replied. "You see
I was so enraged by the foul names he
hurled at me that I struck at him un
til he began to retaliate in kind, and
then Mr. Schutte took the fight off my
hands. I was terribly excited, but I
remember hitting him good and hard
at least once."
"Did he succeed in hitting you in re
turn?"
"I can hardly remember, I was so
excited. But he was coming after me
with both fists clenched and I don't
know what might have happened if Mr.
Schutte had not interfered."
Leavenworth street. In the midst of
her recountal Mr. Schutte dropped in,
and he contributed salient points to the
narrative as It went along.
The police were notified and Detec
tive Gibson placed Ethel under arrest.
Gibson is making inquiry to see if she
has been victimizing other storekeep
ers. She told Gibson she had been liv
ing with a. waiter on Third street, but
declined to give his name or address.
The girl had been employed as a do
mestic by Mrs. A. S. Lichtenstein, 1443
McAllister street, but left on November
1. Two days later she called at the
Lace House, 233 Sutter street, and said
she had been sent by Mrs. Lichtenstein
to purchase some goods. She did not
make any purchases that day, but re
turned on November 5 and selected
goods of the value of $22 90. The sales
man telephoned to Mrs. Lichtenstein,
who said she did not authorize any one
to get the goods for her. The girl asked
to be allowed to speak to Mrs. Lichten
stein, and she so arranged her ques
tions and answers as to convince the
salesman that he had been mistaken,
and she got the goods. The bill was
sent to Mrs. Lichtenstein, and she de
clined to pay it.
Yesterday morning Ethel called at
the Emporium and said she had been
sent by Mrs. Oppenhelmer, Mrs. Liech
tenstein's sister, to buy certain articles.
Mrs. Opperiheimer was called up by
telephone and denied she had sent any
one to make a purchase for her. The
Emporium people had been notified of
the transaction at the Lace House, and
Special Officer Allen took Ethel there
and she was at once identified as the
srirl who had purchased the goods on
November 5.
Ethel Britton, a pretty girl, 19 years
of age, was arrested yesterday morn
ing by Detective T. B. Gibson and
booked at the City Prison on a charge
of obtaining goods by false pretenses.
Her mother lives at 813 Thirteenth
street, Oakland.
The unfortunate young man had
climbed a pole and stood on the sec
ond bracket from the bottom while he
proceeded to adjust some telephone
•wires, the electric light wires being be
low him. "While standing on the brack
et he turned aside as if to expectorate
and in so doing moved one of his feet
and touched a live wire. He fell across
the wires and his lifeless body hung
dangling in the air, his knees resting
against the pole and his white face
turned toward the sky. A small cloud
of blue smoke arose from a shower of
electric sparks where the live wire was
in contact with his back.
Mrs. F. "W. Reed of 823 Union street
•witnessed the accident. She is the wife
of a lineman and as soon as she saw
what had happened she ran Into Inr
house, got a pair of rubber gloves and
a ladder and placed the ladder against
the pole. Her husband and George Do
lan climbed the pole and took down
the body.
Shortly before Ross was killed and
while he was climbing the pole Mrs.
Reed was talking with Mrs. M. L.
Spine tti and Mrs. Frank Morris, who
were watching Ross at work. One of
the ladles remarked that the business
of a lineman was very dangerous, and
Mrs. Reed said that there was no dan
ger where the workman understood his
business. The words were hardly out
of her mouth when Ross fell dead
across the wires.
The young man was unmarried. The
body was taken to the Morgue.
Bert Ross, a lineman, 2S years of age,
was instantly killed by an electric cur
rent from a live wire on Union street,
between Mason and Taylor, at 9 o'clock
yesterday morning 1 .
Miss Carrie L. Dickson
Castigates T. L.
Gillispie.
Says Her Husband Has Been
Cruel During the Last
Three Years.
Alleges She Is Authorized
by Ladies to Make
Purchases.
His Burning Body Is Recov
ered by Two of His
Workmates.
Accidentally Steps on
a Live Wire and
Falls Dead.
Ethel Britton Obtains
Goods by Shady
Process.
Capitalist's Wife Seeks
Divorce After Long
Happiness.
WOMAN USES
FISTS WHEN
MAN OFFENDS
GIRL ACCUSED
OF SWINDLING
PEACE FORSAKES
THE KELLY HOME
LINEMAN ROSS
ELECTROCUTED
THE SAN FBAKCISGO CALL, THURSDAY, JNUVJS3Ii5JBK Sf5, l»O3.
Delightful Atmosphere -of Informality Renders Event .•Charming' to
All Who Attend,: and Rich Gowns of Beautiful Women Add
Luster to a Scene of Rare Splendor in the Social World
LA JEUNESSE BALL AT PALACE
PROVES A BRILLIANT SUCCESS
Jr., Mrs. McCormick, Ralph Mc-
Cormick, Miss Florence Gibbons,
Miss ¦ Belle Harmes Bent, Miss Emily
Wilson, Miss Pearl Landers, Miss Mil
ton, Miss Christine Pomeroy, Miss Hel
en Chesebrough, Miss Elizabeth Liver
more, Miss Margaret Mee, Miss May
lita Pease, Miss Margaret Postle
thwaite, Miss Charlotte Russell, Miss
Helen Murison, Miss Edna Middleton,
Miss McCormick, Miss Laura Farns
worth. Miss Leta Gallatin. MiS3 Ger
trude Hyde-Smith, Miss Ethel
16
SCOTT'S EMULSION.
Seventy-five people out of
every hundred need Scott's
Emulsion just at this season ;
the other twenty-five would
be benefited by it — there's
scarcely anyone whose gen-
eral condition . would not be
improved by Scott's Emulsion
at this time of the year. It
puts on solid, healthy flesh
and builds up the whole body.
That is what Scott's Emul-
sion is guaranteed to do. As
Scott's Emulsion has been
the standard for thirty years
this guarantee means some-
thing.
By reason of the. great
scarcity of cod liver oil just
now substitutes of all kinds
are being offered to the public.
Insist upon Scott's Emul-
sion and you will get the pure
oil and the best emulsion
made.
Scott's Emulsion never
changes in quality, purity or
effect
Well send yoa a ssple free, npon request
SCOTT £ BOWNE. 409 Pearl Street, New York.
Ks M TO 1^ inrTft m \ xj Jo
r* b3 iJ m Kg Kn ¦ ¦a 1 KS
Mgsn{jyj3 \ 9 J B 1 "^^yraifil
39 STOCKTON 3TBEET.
Telephone Main 6522.
. W9 have added another new department
to our «tore. candies, of which we wtu
carry a full assortment of the finest made
under a competent manager. We offer
again some rreat barcains here
Thursday, Friday and Saturday Specials:
CREAMERY BUTTER, par square.... 49c
Her «c.
Hard to duplicate la price and quality-
FAHCY EASTERN EGGS, 2 doz. far. . 55c 4
Another new shipment.
KONA COFFEE, per Ib 20c
r Reg. 23c.
Captain Cook's celebrated brand.
GHIRARDELU'S COCOA, per can ...-20c
r Res. 23c.
SARDINES, in oil. per tin.. 10c, doz. $1.10
Genuine Imported.
TIR61N CASTILE SOAP, per bar. - Re ; |5s
GERMAN PRUNES. 5 lbs. for 25c
r^j. 4 for 23c.
Delicious; ct>od size. _,
CONCENTRATED SOUPS 3 tins for 25c
Full assortment K**- 1Oc can -
Van Camp's or Campbell s.
SHREOEO COCOAHUT, per Ib 15c
Reg. 20c.
The best quality.
FAMILY BOURBON, per boi.60c, gal. $2.53
Res. ?5c and $3.
Not expensive, but Bood.
HERMITAGE RYE, per bot. 90c
Very old. Re«- tl-23.
PORT and SHERRY, per bot. 25c. gal., $1.03
Reg. 33c and $1.50
Our usual excellent sweet wines.
SWEET CIDER, per gal 40c
• j us t arrived from the East. Res. 30c.
All Orders Promptly Fined.
Always Remember , the £°Q .Nyna
6 axative gromo Q 1^ 1^ 8 !
Cores a Cold in One Day, Cttq in 2 Days
>£ (*7L A enevery
ADVEBTTIIETiTFNTS. j
wMi'SlEALTHi
j
Depends largely on the condition j
of the stomach'. If this import- j
ant organ is allowed to become >
w e a k, Constipation develops, i
Then follow Nausea, Sick Head- ;
ache. Nervousness, Insomnia and j
General Weakness. To preserve j
health there is nothing so good as j
Hostetter's Stomach Bitters. It
will aid digestion, promote regu-
larity and cure Dyspepsia and
Constipation. A trial will con-
vince you of its value. For sale
by Druggists.
HOSTETTER'S
STOMACH BITTERS.
\j *^g*\ PER CENT |y
H dZ\J DISCOUNTS^
B Framed Pictures^
1^ Priced at $44)0 and Over. YJL
[A SOMETHING GOOD ||
g AT LITTLE COST P|
W CUconat Will Be Allowed V^
lsji During: Thit Week p^
g GALLAGHER BROS. §
HI 87 GRANT ATE.
FANTsJg^NVALID^ 1^
Tired babies become rested
babies when fed on Mellin's
Food. Mellin's Food nour-
ish.es
Yfl/MvL^xF^ tt ? t yoa tent foT • ¦•mple
Slby^h™ WhCa y ° U — hOW "***
MELLWS FOOD CO.. BOSTON. MASS.
For Stomach Disorders
Cout.and Dvsoepsla
DR!NK
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
A. VluA'IZB CO., Ban Francisco.