SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, DECEMBER n, 1903:
SOCIALIST LEADER
SCORES THE KAISER
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, Dec. 10.—Prepara
tion for a military expedition, from
three to five regiments in strength, to
the isthmus of Panama went on apace
at the War Department to-day, but
Awaits Confirmation of Reports of
Colombia's Activity.
there will be no embarkation of the
troops unless the reports of Colombian
armies marching to retake Panama are
given full confirmation, which they now
lack, although American warships are
patrolling both the Pacific and Carib
bean coasts of Colombia.
WAR DEPARTMENT PREPARES
TO RUSH TROOPS TO PANAMA
MAP OF PANAMA REPUBLIC.
vTHE j FRONTIER THREAT
ENED BY COLOMBIA.
LONDON, Dec. 10! — It is announced
that . the manuscript of Milton's "Parr
adiseJsLost"- Is ; in the ; market . and will
be r: sold at. auction by Sotheby in
March next, ; unless previously dis
posed-of at private sale.
Val uable Manuscript to Be' Sold.
BERLIN, -Dec. 10.— Chancellor .von
Bulow and Herr Bebel, the Socialist
leader, engaged in a lively debate in
the Reichstag to-day. The Monarchist,
who was dressed as for a drawlng
rooth. was amusing and cheerful, his
lucid sentences. falling easily on the un
derstanding. He disposed of a diffi
culty with airy word and gesture. The
republican, with a quality of voice
strancely stirring the emotions, , excited
his believers to enthusiasm and his op
ponents to, anger, one passionate sen
tence, following another to the climax.-;
Herr Bebel declared "Russia could
easilyseize Kiaochau whenever It suit
ed her, fancy, and therefore Germany
should exercise. her moral influence to
prevent . difficulty in East Asia.. .The
speaker, predicted that- there would be
a large increase in the military-esti
mate. ' , . . , *. . ;
Herr Bebel further asserted that the
naval enthusiasts, including those .in
the highest circles, were quietly en
gaged in a:, propaganda for . a new
squadron ; of . battleships. The speaker
also attacked the imperial financialsys
tem on the 'ground that it . imposed
undue burdens oh*lhe poor, saying, that
a larger income should.be derived from
the inheritance, taxes,, whichcould. eas
ily be made to yield JTo.OOO.'OOp addition T
al; but. he added,. the. classes owning
property, 4 whp mainly benefited by the
expansion policy, preferred an" increase
in direct-taxation. .
DEPLORES VAXDERBILT. FETE.
.-• Herr-Bebel charged the Government'
with co-operating with Russia In sup
pressing political discontent: The Rus
sian police, he asserted, acted in Prus
sia as though at 'home. They received
every sort of- service from- the Prus
sian authorities; and dozens of Russian
secret police agents were .busy in Ber
lin: and other centers, spying. upon the
doings of Russian students or Russian
residents. This. Herr Bebel "declared,
was one exhibition of Caesarlsm, as
practiced in "Germany. .Others 'were
the receptions of -Cornelius Vanderbilt,"
unnecessary, gifts 'to roreign > nations
and spectacular* paradings of army
corps. All the^fuss and" glory, of mili
tary life in times, of. peace was time
wasted ; on ; frivolities, which could- far
better be spent -in actual drill and
study.', / '¦' •¦ ,:• . r r- "- : '' .-:-'
; Alluding again ; to ; the receptions of
.Vanderbilt- at Dantzic, ( Herr Bebel said :
': "What has he done. to deserve. &l\\ this
applause? These x things . give , the. im
pression, of "weakness, not : of strength."
BITTER; ATTACK UPOX ¦*¦ ; RUSSIA:
•In the course of a 'attack
upon Russia, w-hich 'caused the sup
porters j of the i Ministry to 'shake - their
heads In" 'dismay,*': because"* such i. lan
guage about a neighboring power, had
iarely been" heard: Jii the German Par
liament,: Herr Bebl. said:,
Replying to Herr Bebei, Chancellor
von Bulow declared the Government
was firmly determined to continue the
developments of social legislation in
favor of the masses. In this matter
the Government required the co-opera
tion of the country. He would add that
nothing hindered progress in this direc
tion more than the habit of the Social
Democrats of connecting social ques
tions with anti-monarchical tendencies.
History, however, proved that mon
archies, made more rapid. progress so
cially .than republics, because a mon
arch .' occupied a . position of Independ
ence, .'above laws and parties. In no
republic had so much been done for the
workingman as in imperial Germany.
In Switzerland the Federal Council's
bills -embodying substantial . social re
forms,. like workingmen's insurance,
had been defeated, at: the polls on ref
erendum. -' ..- . "
.Turning to Herr .Bebel's criticisms
of the foreign policy of the Govern
ment, Count von Bulow pointed out
the : inconsistency of the Socialist lead
er in denouncing Germany's East Asi
atic policy as too fantastic and roman
tic, while on the other hand he cen
sured the Chancellor for his too pass
ive policy in Manchuria. ¦
"If there is any place in the world."
said the Chancellor, "where we have
nothing to seek, It is Manchuria. If
Herr Bebel wants to head a new cru
salde to rescue the Manchurians I will
let him "proceed alone.' I shall stay
at home." ,
-¦ After discussing- at ' considerable
length the Socialist dreams of a so
cialized state, Count .von Bulow said:
"It would be the worst luck that
could happen to .you Socialists if you
came . suddenly into, power, for then
your 'inability, to organize productive
industries, your incapacity to con
duct ;a foreign policy, your complete
ignorance, would be revealed under
Bengal' fire."
"Russia is essentially a barbarous
state/against whose bestialities all the
European Governments have made no
protest."
The speaker then alluded _ to Kishe
riev, where, he said, the authorities
"stood by and watched' murders." Ho
asserted that a Russian "general had
driven thousands of Chinese into the
Amur River and said the arrest of a
Russian spy at. Sofia had resulted in
finding among his papers "document
ary proofs that Russia was privy to
the plan to assassinate King Alexander
months before the event occurred.'
VOX BULOW MAKES REPLY.
Her-rBebel Bitterly Attacks His Sov*
ereign and Denounces Russia.
LEADER "OF GERMAN SOCIALISTS. WHO. IN THE REICHSTAG. CRIT
ICIZED EMPEltOR WILLIAM'S POLICY, AND GOVERNMENT
SPOKESMAN WHO MADE REPLY. \ -
"I had an Interview with General
MacArthur- yesterday.' and he referred
to" the strategic importance of the
Hawaiian Islands in the event of war,
but he did not mention any particular
nation. He said, in substance, that
Hawaii was the dominant strategic
feature of the Pacific. He also gave
gratifying support to our.effort* to im
prove the Hawaiian militia." ;. •
Governor Carter said to-day: "The
publication of Colonel Jones' report was
unauthorized by me, but it occurred
through a • misunderstanding. At my
request. Colonel Jones wrote out " a
memorandum of his conversation with
General MacArthur, two days after It
took place, for the purpose of preserv
ing General MacArthur's views ' re
garding the National Guard. Coionel3
Soper and Jones and I had sought to
enlist .General MacArthur's aid In
getting back from the Federal Gov
ernment the military barracks site
near the Capitol, which was taken
during the Spanish War. It is now
wanted by. the Territory for an
armory. -•
Throughout all South American
countries, said MacArthur, the Ger
mans were advancing in commercial
power and prestige. The conclusion
seemed inevitable that the interests of
Germany in South America, where to
day there were large colonies number-
Ing hundreds of thousands, presaged
another testing and straining of the
Monroe doctrine, and In all probability
a contest of arms between that power
and the United States in the near fu
ture, in which event no one could now
forecast the attitude of England and
other European powers. Therefore, It
was the duty of the Federal Govern
ment to make itself as strong as pos
sible, so as to be able to care for itself
in any emergency.
VNo nation or number of nations will
be in a position to make an attack on
the Pacific Coast without first captur
ing these islands," said General Mac-
Arthur.
The theater of operations, said the
general, was changing gradually \into
the Pacific. The German people were
multiplying very rapidly and emi
grating in large numbers, the tide of
emigration being directed by the Ger
man Government toward South
America. The manufactured products
of the German empire overbalanced
their consumption, so that a market
had to be obtained for the surplus. The
known policy of the Emperor was to
acquire 'colonies which would provide
markets for such overproduction, and
places to which the tide of emigration
should be directed for strengthening
the fatherland.
Colonel Jories, in an interview, said
his report to Governor Carter was
based merely on a social conversation
with General MacArthur, and that he
had only intended reporting MacAr
thur's expressions of opinion Tsith a
view of impressing upon Governor Car
ter the need of strengthening the iso
lated islands from a military stand
point. He took no notes of his conver
sation with General MacArthur and his
report was written from memory some
time afterward. Colonel Jones said he
was very much surprised that his re
port to Governor Carter had been made
public.
Colonel Jones* report quotes General
MacArthur as having said that the
Pan-Germanic doctrine which -was be
ing spread throughout the world was
fostered and propagated by the impe
rial government in every possible way.
It was strong and getting stronger
wherever German people settled, even
among Germans who have been citizens
of the United States for years.
In connection therewith one fact
could not be overlooked, to wit: There
were few Germans in the American
army durfng the war with Spain— so
few, indeed, that the presence of a Ger
man was noted as being a rare occur
rence.
HONOLULU, Dec. 10.— Considerable
interest has been evoked here by the
publication of a report made by Col
onel Jor.es of the Hawaiian militia to
Governor Carter. Colonel Jones. In
commenting on the strategic «lmport
ance of the Hawaiian Islands and the
need of strong defenses, quoted Major
General MacArthur, U. S. A., as pre
dicting war in the immediate future
between the United States and Ger
many and that the principal scene of
the flshtins would be on the Pacific
Ocean, with the Hawaiian Islands as
an objective point. General MacAr
thur, who is still in Honolulu, having
been here the past two weeks studying
the military situation of the islands,
said to-day that the report of Colonel
Jones did not correctly represent his
views in any particular and utterly
misrepresented them In some. He would
not discuss the matter further.
Prophecy of Clash With Germany Made
While Urging the Strengthening
of the Hawaiian Military.
General Will Not Further
Discuss Published
Statement.
Says Colonel Jones'
Report, Garbled
His Opinions.
MACARTHUR
DENIES WAR
PREDICTION
31me. Xordica Surprises Her
Friends by Commencing 1 Civil
Action Against Her Husband
Sp*c:aJ Dispatch to The Call,
NEW YORK. Dec. 10.— Mme. Nordl
ca's multitude of friends here and
abroad will learn with surprise that
the has besrun suit for absolute di
vorce from Zoltan Doerae, and that the
suit is to be tried in this city at an
early date.
Elnce the prima donna arrived in
WASHINGTON, Dec. 10.— All is in
readiness for the opening meeting of
the National Republican Committee to
morrow, which, In addition to other
business that may come before it, is
to decide the time and place for the
next national Republican convention.
Delegates are now on hand from Chi
cago and St. Louis, !oom!ng their re
spective cities for the convention. New
Orleans will ask for the honor, but no
delegation from New Orleans has yet
put in an appearance. ' Although the
opinion was generally expressed to
night that the convention would go to
Chicago, the St. Louis delegation i's
very active and is making as much of
a showing as the lake city. Pittsburg
will offer 5100,000 for the convention.
this country last October, and even be
fore that, rumors were afloat, of un
pleasant relations between her and her
husband, but even her closest friends
refrained from making public the na
ture of her marital difficulties until
to-day, when it was ' learned that the
papers in the case had been filed with
a firm ' of. lawyers and that the case
¦was to be heard as soon as possible. \
Special Dispatch to The Call.
General Opinion Among Repub
licans Is That Lake City
"Will Get the Big Convention
Beferee Dillon's Report Is Un
derstood to Grant Decree to
Senator Clark's Daughter
OPERA SINGER
SEEKS DIVORCE
WHITE PLAINS. N. Y.. Dee. 10.—
The report of Referee Maurice Dillon in
the divorce case of Mrs. Everett Mal
lory Culver, daughter of Senator Clark,
was filed by Mrs. Culver's lawyers to
day with Supreme Court Justice Mad
dox.
It is understood that Justice Maddox
confirmed the report and that it grants
a divorce. He handed it to the County
C!wk, directing him to file it as speci
fied under rule 76 of fhe Supreme
Court, which forbids the disclosure of
papers or testimony to any persons ex
cept parties to an action.
Ppeclal Dispatch to Tf.e Call.
ALLEGED JIURDERERS
SECURE A CHANGE OF VEXUE
Cattlemen Accusled of Killing the Ber
ry Famil y Win First Point of
Their Defense.
ST. FRANCIS, Kans.; Dec. 10.— In
the case of Chauncey. Dewey, Clyde
Wllsonaind! W. J. McBride, charged
with the murder of the Berry: family
last May, the court 'this afternoon
granted a change , of venue ¦ to: Norton
County. .Bonds were furnished for the
defendants and kthey" were released. -It
was contended by, the defense that the
condition', of public"; sentiment .was such
that a> fair, trial .was impossible. J. The
case" will iprobabl>' be tried; In January.
'. ./There .was .no open .demonstration
against' the -prisoners, but the people
are '.very; bitter '"against ; Dewey.
. , • An 1 armed guard of four raehii hired
by. Chauncey Dewey,; was 'here
the trial. ;. Dewey took. thia. precaution
against any possible attack. ;
CHICAGO FAR
IN THE LEAD
Strange to say. none of the coaches
were derailed, but all were badly dam
aged. Not a whole pane of glass was
left in the entire side struck by the
car. The passengers were in a panic
and the cars were filled with flying
particles~of glass and splinters. None
of the passengers, however, were hurt.
BAKERSFIELD, Dec. 10.— The San
Francisco and Bakersfleld flier on the
Southern Pacific had a most remark-,
able escape from a disastrous wreck
when entering the Bakersfield yard at
6 o'clock thlsevening.
A monster oil car had been standing
on a sidinr so that the end projected
over the main line. "While running at
a speed of about forty miles an hour
the engine struck this car and dashed
by at full speed, the edge of the pro
jecting car tearing a long indent along
the entire side of the locomotive. The
projecting edge of the oil car then
struck the side of the first car of the
train and continued to dent the side
of everv car in the train..
The feeling between the army and
navy that generally* crops out when
ever there is International trouble re
quiring their joint service has appeared.
Though the navy insists that the situa
tion is well within its control, the army
takes the stand that . troops may. be
needed and they are therefore prepared.
Secretary Root has not taken up the
question for final decision, nor has the
President. . , It is , pointed out that a
fully, equipped over-sea military expe
dition to Panama' would 1 tend- to .make
the world believe that the United States
contemplated! permanent occupation,
there being, generally regarded, a wide
difference' between the landing/of "ma
rines in> country like Panama -and
the sending thither, of a carefully pre
pared military column. -
.The climate in Panama is extremely
bad at this, time of the year- and an-
; That other regiments will be added
to this force seems probable, inasmuch
as the Chesapeake and Ohio Rilroad
has been asked to submit an estimate
for the transportation of 5000 troops to
the Atlantic seaboard. The Southern
Railroad also has been asked to submit
estimates for the transportation of
troops.
In addition to the lack of confirma
tion of the reports of warlike move
ments in Colombia there is considerable
opposition to the sending of a military
expedition to Panama. The Navy De
partment is satisfied that it can handle
any emergency that will arise. At the
Navy Department it was announced to
day that the marine contingent on the
isthmus would be reinforced by COO men
now on the Prairie, orders having been
sent to "Admiral Barker, commanding
the North Atlantic squadron, now at
Guantanamo, to dispatch the Prairie
to the isthmus. She will leave to
morrow and will reach Colon by next
Monday. ,It is felt_ that, thus rein
forced, the marines now on the isthmus
will be fully competent to preserve or
der and prevent any invasion.
The purpose of any naval or military
movement will be. the same — to prevent
Colombia molesting, the sovereignty o"f
Panama.
ARMY AND NAVY DIFFER.
The troops designated for this service
are the . Sixteenth Infantry, Colonel B.
D. Price commanding, whicn is now at
Fort McPherson, Georgia,^ with the ex
ception of four" companies, which are
at Fort Slocum. New York; the Ninth
Infantry. Colonel James Ragen, which
is now divided between Fqrt Niagara
and Madison Barracks, New York, with
the exception of Company B, which is
in Peking, China, and the Twenty
eighth Battery of Mountain Artillery,
Captain O. I. Straub, which is now at
Fort Leavenworth, Kansas.
RAILROAD ESTIMATES ASKED.
The general staff's plan for military
action in. this, direction . contemplates
the concentration of. at least three and
possibly five regiments on the Atlantic
seaboard, preferably' at New York,
where the* transport McClellan is now
ready for service and the Kilpatrick
will be ready on December 14.
Passengers Alarmed
by Crash at Ba
tefield.
MRS. CULVER
WINS DIVORCE
Mrs. Rogers suggested that Perham
try his hand, and Perham bound Rog
ors pecurely, he says. Mrs. Rogers then
drew a handkerchief, saturated it with
chloroform and placed it over her hus
band s face. - Then. Perham testified,
she wrote a note with these words on
it and pinned it on Rogers' hat:
"1 am going to drown myself, and no
body else is to blame for my death."
To this Mrs. Rogers signed her hus
band's name. After Rogers had died
from the effects of the chloroform Per
ham threw the body into the river.
BENNINGTON, Vt., Dec. 10.— Levi
Perham, IS years old. to-day related in
court that for love of Mrs. Mary Rog
ers he aided the woman to murder her
husband, to the end that with $500 in
surance obtained on the husband's life
the might provide a home for Perham.
Perharn said Mrs. Rogers lured her
husband to a river bank with a prom
ise of reconciliation. In a burst of
feigned and playful affection the wom
an proposed that they do a trick with
a rope. The husband allowed himself
to be tied several times, each time get
ting: loose.
Rival Binds Him
While She Uses
Chloroform,
OIL CAR
CUTS HOLES
IN A TRAIN
AIDS WIFE
IN KILLING
HUSBAND
Marquis Saionje, president of the up
per house, cays that the reply of the
lower house -was submitted without
proper notice.
After the adoption of the reply an in
terpellation was introduced in the
House of Representatives, declaring
that the delay in the settlement of the
negotiations -with Russia concerning
the Far East was a source of regret to
the nation and an elementof danger to
its peace 'and demanding a statement
of the progress of the negotiations.
The | situation is regarded as ex
tremely critical and as likely to in
volve the prorogation, if not, the disso
lution of Parliament. •
The' auction of the House is looked on
as doubly : significant because hitherto
the address in reply to the speech from
the throne has^only formally, expressed
thanks for the condescension of the
Emperor In personally . opening the
Diet. -
It is understood that this reply was
adopted at the instance of the presi
dent of the lower house and was a com
plete surprise to the Government and
its supporters, who had not time to op
pose the adoption. The reply was ap
proved amid a scene of great enthu
siasm. The members of the Govern
ment parties in the House have vainly
tried to persuade the president to re
consider the reply to the Emperor's
address.
SITUATION* IS CRITICAL.
"The diplomacy of the Cabinet is a.
failure, and we humbly appeal to your
Majesty to review the situation.
"Our solicitude for the progress of
the empire dictates this reply, which
represents the aspirations and expecta
tions ol the nation."
"The empire of Japan is now at
its zenith. Its position is one unpar
alleled in the last thousand years, The
members of the House of Representa
tives profoundly regret that at a
juncture so critical, involving the
fata of the nation, . the course pursued
by the Cabinet is ill-adapted to the
needs of the situation and inconsistent
with the enhancement of our national
influence. The policy of the Ministry
has been shown to be incompatible
with the progress of the empire, and
to be purely domestic and temporizing.
"Your Majesty has been gracious
enough personally to open the Diet and
to deliver a cordial message, which the
House ghas, received with great grati
tude.
"¦•¦ Soon after.the speech from the throne
was delivered in the upper house, the
House of Representatives met for the
purpose of conaffrrlrjs re
ply 'was almost Immediately- formu
lated and wa3 rushed-' through .the
House with unusual expedition. It is
as follows: ¦
The brevity of the allusion by the
Emperor to the crisis in the Far East
caused much disappointment.
REPLY DENOUNCES CABIXET. '
"We have, furthermore, Instructed
the members of our Cabinet to formu
late a financial scheme and to intro
duce a budget with other bills.
"You are required to discharge your
duties and meet our wishes by careful
and harmonious discussion." :
TOKIO, Dec. 10. — The Emperor opened
the Diet to-day. The speech from the
throne, according to custom, was deliv
ered In the upper house and was as fol
lows:
"It gives us profound cause for re
joicing that the friendly, relations be
tween our empire and .other powers
ever continue to grow.
"As regards negotiations concerning
the important diplomatic, matter of
maintaining peace in the Orient and of
our rights, we have instructed our Min
isters abroad carefully to attend to
their duties.
War Party, Largely in Majority, Ar
raigns Government for Failure
in Dealing With Russia.
Sensational Address -in Re
•ply to tne Speecn From
House of Represent
atives Denounces
CaMnet. ¦
MINISTRY
OF JAPAN
IMPEACHED
Continued on Page 2, Column \ l;
The San Francisco Call
Alcazar — "A Boyal Prisoner."
Alhamhra — EHery's Italian
Band.
California — "Ton Tonsoa."
Central — "5ew York Day toy
Day."
Columbia — "Way Down East."
Fischer's— I. O. TJ."
Grand— "Per mother's Sake."
prpheum — Yauderllle,
The Chutes— "Vaudeville.
TJLU TILSAT.U >S.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCV— NO. 11.
TEE WZ2A.THEK.
Forecast mp.de at San Fraa
cisco for thirty hour* eadlasr
mldaig-M, December 11:
San Francisco and viclaity —
Cloudy Friday; light northeait
Triad, chanring* to sonthwett.
A. Q. McASZE,
District Forecaster.To Cure a Cold in One Day.
.Take Laxative Uromo Quinine Tablets. All
druRClsts refund the money if It tails to cure.
JS.'>*W.' Grove's «!snature i« on each box. 26c. •
Trust Company's Notice of Suit.
NEW TORlC, Dec. lO.-rNotice of suit
jwas to-day served On the firm of Har
ris,'- Gates ;"& 'Co., \ of which John
W.' Gates is (&•' member; by, James 'B;
Dill,, counsel^f or .the Commonwealth
Trust Company, as ¦ successor to the
Trust "Company ! of . the"; Republic,* . for
$750,000, alleged 'to have been; deposited
by'. the" Trust "Company /of the Republic
with], Harris, .' Gates l* &" " Col - com
nectionjwith'the flotation" of the United
States Ship-Building *" Company. '' ¦
Jury • Finds Woman Guilty.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 10.— Mrs. Ger
trude Driggs was to-day found guilty
of! the felony charge of trying to im
properly Influence a' Juror^and wlir be
sentenced Saturday.. This ; conviction
is another .chapter, to the .sensational
Charles . Hill ,i alias t Salem -'.Charles),
case, -Which^has?! been in the courts
here : for '-.two, yearts. ' / '
FOUR THOUSAND ", TELEPHONE ',.
* COMPANIES FORM COMBINE
Corporation Invol veVProperty Valued
at Two Hundred Million Dollars
Situated in^Eleven ; States.
' CHICAGO, ' Dec. 1 0.~— Final arrange
ments were made to-day for the in
corporation of the Tele
phone Association .' into one company.
This means the amalgamation of more
than 4000 independent telephone com
panies in Illinois, ; •.. Wisconsin, ¦ . Ken
tucky/ Missouri fi Iowa,'; Indiana, Penn-
Bylva)Ua, ;Nebraska,>Minnesota, Ohio
arid. Michigah, % , involving property val
liedat more, than $200,000,000.. This
action "i was taken \ at / the closing ses
sion of : the association."- :A~ permanent
committee was appointed to work Ton
plans of action for the - new 'company.
Clianses in the Postal Service.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 10.—Postmas
ters commissioned: Calif ornia—Wil
liam S. Anderson, Keswlck; John
Thomas, Towlel Washington — Emer
son P. Willlam3,Husum.
Fourth class postmasters appointed:
California— M. 1Z% Smith, Betteravia,
Santa Barbara County, vice John W".
Atkinson, resigned; Walter G. Cor
nelius, Buckhorn, Ventura County,
vice David Felsenthal, .resigned; Wil
liam M. Rundell, Hornitos, Mariposa
County, vice : Frank Olcese, . resigned;
Bertha^E. Holman, Wallace,' Calaveras
vice A. It. Merrill, resigned.
'Oregon— Fearless B. Rigdon, New
'Bridge,. Union County,\\ice'-D.VJV San
ders, "deceased; '-. Mills /M;J. Powell, Par
kers, Polk '.: County, vicW.RHey W.
Swlnk,; -resigned; W. Weatherspoon,
Pleasant Valley, Baker County, vice
John Troy, resigned.
Mrs. Soff el's Imprisonment Ends.
;PITTSBURG, Dec. 10.— Mrs. Kath
erine^Soffel, wife of the Warden of the
Allegheny County Jail at the time of
the" escape of the notorious Biddle
brothers from that institution, was lib
erated from the Western penitentiary
to-day, "having served twenty months
for the part she played in that sensa
tional affair. During her incarceration
in the penitentiary Mrs. Soff el's hus
band was granted '.a; divorce. She has
rejected offers to go on the \ stage, and
says she will, live In retirement at her
?father's home. .
BECOMES ASSOCIATE MEMBER
OF TRAVELERS' ASSOCIATION
President Roosevelt Is Visited by Del
egation From Order and Presented
With Certificate of Election.
WASHINGTON, Dec. ¦ 10.— President
Roosevelt to-day was presented with a
certificate of associate membership in
the Travelers' Protective ; Association'.
F. W. Crandall, chairman of'the-na
tional railway committee of the order,
in presenting the certificate informed
the President that the order, composed
of 25,000 commercial travelers, manu
facturers and Jobbers, represented
every shade of political belief. The
President, in accepting, said it was ah
unusual experience for a delegation to
call to give instead of to ask. . -
SETTLES WITH CREDITORS
• A XD WILL RETURN HOME
Kansas Cattleman Who Fled to Mexico
to. Avoid Paying His Debts Tires
of Being a Fugitive.
WOODBINE, . Kans., Dec. 10.— A
letter. from Grant Gillette, at one time
one of the richest cattlemen in'Kan
sas, and whd fled to Mexico several
years ago to avoid debts estimated at
$1,500,000; has been 1 * received by a
woman here; on whose farm he holds
a mortgage, in which he says:
"I will be in Woodbine within a few
days." .
Gillette says tha^t he has made a set
tlement with many of his creditors.
He is supposed to be at Fostoriai Ohio,
where, it is said, he /recently pur
chased a residence-near that of his
father-in-law. - V
WOMAN HOLDS PISTOL
WHILE MAX IS THRASHED
Divorced Husband, Who Is Alleged to
Have Said Unkind Things, , Suf
• fcrs on a Portland Street.
PORTLAND, Ore., Dec. 10. — At the
comer First and Madison streets
this afternoon Mrs. Edward Tracey
held a pistol to the head of her di
vorced husband while her more re
cently wedded spouse thrashed him in
safety. . . ,
, Some years ago Mrs. Tracey mar
ried Joe Morak, the owner of a gro
cery store. Some months ago she was
divorced from him and some weeks
ago she married- Edward Tracey, a
barber. Morak made remarks about
his divorced wife's new husband,
which were repeated to her in -due
course. She insisted that Tracey
avenge himself, but Tracey would not.
Finally she goaded him to action by
promising *o Morak from hit
ting Tracey. and with her. loaded pis
tol-the woman did "so. ' Morak has
sworn. out warrants for the arrest of
his". assailants. ... '">'-,
Colombia hns decided to continue
the postal packet service with Euro-
Balloting in Colombia.
SpreJa.1 CifcipRram to The Call and New Tork
Herald. Cop>-rUrfct. :SK». by the New York
Herald Publishing .Company.
BOGOTA, Dec.' id.— The Presiden
tial elections have passed off quietly
-throughout the republic. Generals
¦Reyes and Gonzales Valencia have
the ben prospects of being" elected
President and Vice President.
The Minister of War has convoked
,a court-martial to try military of
.ficors implicated inJLlie Panama revo
lution.
Probably Klerted' President In the
REYES SUCCEEDS 3IARROQUIX.
ICY RIVER MAY CLAIM
> THE BODIES OF JAPANESE
Seven Are Missing From an Oriental
Liner and Four Arc Reported to
Have Been Drowned.
ASTORIA, Ore., Dec. 10.— Seven
Japanese are missing from the Orien
tal, liner Indravelli and speculation i3
rife as to their fate.
When the vessel left ; Portland she
had nineteen Japanese on board,
eighteen being deported for irregular
ities in their papers a*nd one for con
tagious disease. At Brookfleld the
steamship .was. compelled to come to
Knchor find the men escaped during
the night. They Jumped into the river
and huiried to swim for shore, 100
yards distant. The water was icy cold
and .whether all reached ; land safely
is doubted.' -
,It is reported here to-night that four
were drowned, ; but . there is nothing
that would tend, to confirm this re
port.
Harriman Goes to Seattle.
PORTLAND, Ore., Dec. 10. — Presi
dent Harriman of the Southern Pacific
Company and party left Portland for
Seattle this afternoon. The object of
Mr. Harriman'a visit to Seattle could
not be learned. Mr. Harriman will re
turn to this city on Saturday and is
expected to leave for the East Sunday.
Senate Committee on Commerce Fav
orably Reports Bill for Its "
' Establishment.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 10.— The Sen
ate Committee on Commerce to-day di
rected favorable reports on bilis to ap
ply to foreign, vessels the laws' which
now ' prohibit lodging-house keepers
from boarding United States vessels
for the purpose of soliciting seamen as
lodgers within twenty-four hours of
the time vessels arrive in "American
ports; to establish a life saving station
at Halfmoon Bay, jgouth of Point Mon
tara, and near Montara reef, Califor
nia; to/establish a port of delivery at
Salt Lake, Utah, and appropriating
$225,000 for the construction of a vessel
of the first class for the revenue cutter
service, to be stationed* at Honolulu,
Hawaii.
LIFE-SAVIXG STATION ' ;
FOR IIALFMOON BAY
Hoar Will Press Resolution.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 10.T-In the Sen
ate to-day Hoar gave notice that as
soon as practicable after the disposi
tion of the Cuban bill he would call
up his resolution, introduced yester
day, requiring information from the
President concerning the conditions un
der which the ¦ independence of Pan
ama was recognized. .,
Dircctors to Dispose of His Business
- Interests Preparatory to an Ex
tended Trip Abroad. '
: The next' meeting of the directors of
the North Shore road will be held In
a few days, . and it is expected that
by that time William M. Pierson, one
of .the directors and a heavy stock
holder in the company, will have halid
ed In his resignation.
"Mr. Pierson has been contemplating
retirement from 'the road for a num
ber-of months and, ror that matter,
from active participation In other en
terprise's with which he Is connected.
Not only does he purpose to resign
from the directorate of the North Shore
road but- It Is learned that he Is' pre-
/ - I - .''...... ...'-' .
other point made is that, if fever ehould
kill a large number of American ~feol
diers while they were in Panama, there
would be a strong reaction at home
against the wisdom of the move. »
Another marine battaOpri is to be
promptly organized on the" Atlantic
-Coast, either at Norfolk, Philadelphia
or New York. x
Continued From > Pajc; 1^ -Column 3.
PIERSOX MILL RETIRE
FROM NORTH SHORE ROAD
DENIES STORY OF RESCUE
OF WEXTZ FROM BANDITS
Father of the Missing Lad Says That
the Sensational Report ,Is En
. tirely Without Foundation.
¦, PHILADELPHIA. Dec. 10.— Dr. J.
S.Wentz, father of E. L. Wentz, said
to-day that he had no knowledge of
the reported rescue of his son from
bandits. Dr. Wentz characterized the
rumors that have from time to time
been publfshed since the disappear
ance of his son as the work of some
'.'cracked-brained fellow In Bristol,
Tenn." ¦
"I wish," said Dr. Wentz, "that the
newspapers would refrain from pub
lishing these reports. They are very
annoying and disturbing to my fam
ily. I know nothing more than I did
on" October 15, and if 1 hear anything
definite I will give it to" the papers." i
pean. nations until the session of the
international ' postal convention in
Rome' next spring; at which advan
tageous propositions may be made.
War Department Prepares to Send Troops
Special Dispatch to The CaU,
DES MOINES, Iowa, Dec. 10. —
After completing a two nights' en
gagement in Foster's Opera-house last
night, Melbourne MacDowell, who is
starring in "The Captain of Navarre,"
found that his bank account was away
to the bad and he could not pay hotel
bills. After purchasing tickets to Oma
ha, where the company is ! booked for
the next performance; he lacked ex
actly $17. of sufficient means with
which to pay the hotel and he was
forced to give his note for the amount
in order to be able to proceed to
Omaha. •
Although local dramatic critics
lauded the play highly and united in
saying . MacDowell appeared to bet
ter advantage than in the Sardou plays
-f-r"Fedora". and La Tosca" — in which
he starred with Blanche Walsh during
former engagements here, less than
100 persons paid to see the second
night's performance, the first perform
ance having fared but little better.
Florence Stone, his leading lady, and
Gladys Delorme", next in rank, shared
the* honors of the caste with Mac-
Dowell. .
GENERAL WOOD URGED
BELLAIRS' RETENTION
Caused Discredited Correspondent's
Temponto'y Reinstatement by
the Associated Press.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 10.— The Sen
ate Committee on Military Affairs to
day recalled Colonel Charles S. Diehl,
assistant general manager of the As
sociated Press, who submitted letters
to verify dates concerning the request
of General Wood- for. the retention of
E. G. Bellairs as correspondent of the
Associated Press at Havana. „;_
Colonel Diehl said that Bellairs had
gone to China in July; ¦¦ 1901. In Sep-.
tember the Associated Press . received
Information reflecting upon Bellairs
and he was. cabled to return to Amer
ica. In October; General Wood called at
the office of the Associated Press' and
made a statement that in his judgment
the reports about "Bellairs were "un
founded. Bellairs was then instructed
to remain; but subsequently, when ad
ditional information concerning him
was received, he was dismissed. .
Melbourne MacDowell's Com
pany Comes to Grief in Des
Moines With Empty Treasury
SAYS WASHING THE BODY . .
IS AX INJURIOUS HABIT
CHICAGO, Dec. 10.— "When people
leave off bathing there will be little or
nothing for the doctors to do. Pneumo
nia, colds and a hundred, other .ilia re
sult from the foolish habit of washing
the body. To bathe is to be dirty, for
you thereby make a sewer of the skin.
Blood attracted by the akin gives up
products that should be left to seek a
natural outlet,, and soils the skin."
The foregoing declarations made by
Professor John Dill Robertson at. .the
annual meeting of the Chicago Eclectic
and Surgical Society at the Auditorium
has aroused the Interest of the mem
bers.
Professor Robertson asserted that the
theory that the closing of the pores
of . the skin would result in death is
false. He said that all physiologies
which made such an assertion were
wrong. The habit of taking "dry"
baths was also denounced. The rubbing
of a rough towel over the skin, accord
ing to Dr. Robertson, removed the nat
ural scales of the skin, or the "false
skin." This, he said, conduced to the
growth of bacteria upon the skin.
The doctor concluded with a touch
ing incident of a poor Eskimo brought
from Greenland to Boston who had
never been ill in his life. He was given
a bath, contracted pneumonia and died
in two days.
paring to dispose of his stock in the
corporation. His health has not been
of the best for some time and he has
decided to relinquish his local interests
with a view of relieving himself of all
business responsibilities during an ex
tended trip abroad, which he is now
planning. Who will succeed him tn the
North Shore road will not be '.deter
mined on until his resignation. has. been
acted on. ..."
Although the foregoing dispatch prac
tically confirms the frequent recent re
ports published in this city, President
Martin of the North Shore Railroad last
night again emphatically denied that
the road had been sold to the Santa Fe
Company. He recited the fact, as pub
lished in Th.e\Call some months ago,
that the Santa Fe . officials did have
an understanding with him relative to
the purchase of the road, bxit asserts
that the deal had never been carried
through. Martin expressed the opinion
that the North Shore Railroad had been
confounded with one of the northern
holdings of the Santa Fe, which Presi
dent Ripley refers to in. his statement
regarding the meeting.
' The local officials of the Santa Fe
when seen . also were, of the opinion
that the North Shore road had been
confounded with the San Francisco and
Northwestern Railway Company,
which was incorporated in the interest
of the Santa Fe's plan to secure rail
connections to Eureka. The officials
denied any knowledge of any deal
whereby the North Shore road has be
come the property of their company.
The Oakland and. East Side Railroad
Company was formed by the. Santa Fe
for the purpose of obtaining title to the
California and Nevada Railway and its
terminals and rights of way In Oakland
and Berkeley. The San Francisco and
Northw stern Railway Company was
incorporated about six months ago
with a view of absorbing the properties
known as the Eel River and Eureka
Railroad, the Callforn!a and Northern
Railway and the, Pacific Lumber Com
pany's line, which form the nucleus for
the Santa Fe Company's proposed new
coast line .between the bays of San
Francisco and Humboldt.
SENATOR SMOOT'S . CASE J
TO BE HEARD OX SATURDAY
Chairman Burfows.of :tj»e Committee
,- on Privileges and Elections Is- j
sues CaU for a'vMeeting. ¦ ¦'< :
WASHINGTON, Dec. 10.— Chairman ;
Burrows of the Senate Committee on"
Privileges and Elections has- called! a
meeting of the committee for Saturday;
to consider whether any action shall"
be taken on the protests and petitions
for the expulsion of Senator Reed
Smoot of Utah. . That a thorcueh in
vestigation of the subject will be made
by the Senate Committee on Privileges'
and Elections now appears to be be
yond'doubt. By those who* are press
ing the investigation it Is said it will
be more comprehensive and searching
than any similar inquiry ever held.
It is believed by some, at least,, of
those who are opposing Senator. Smoot
that any effort made to prove he is a
polygamlst would result in" failure, and
while that point cannot be said- to have'
been abandoned absolutely, it is quite
certain the opposition will concentrate
its endeavors to prove that the position
he holds in the Mormon church is in
compatible with the oath of allegiance
he has taken to the United" State's. ¦
- TOPEKA, Kan., Dec. 10.— The Rock
Island road was not represented by
person or by proxy at the annual meet
ing to-day of the Atchisoh, Topeka and
Santa, Fe stockholders.
• The purchase of the North Shore Line
in California was confirmed and Its fur
ther construction ordered hurried.
The practically unanimous re-election
of the four directors at the meeting to
day effectually disposes of current re
ports that the Rock Island has^ acquired
sufficient stock to secure representa
tion on the board of directors and that
two Rock Island men might be elected
to the board of directors.
President Rlpley in discussing the re
sult of the meeting said: . " C.r ;
• "Price,- Waterhouse & Co. of New
York have, as .usual, been selected as
the- independent auditors who are to
audit the books and accounts of the
company at the close of the fiscal year.
We also ratified the purchase by the
Santa, Fe of the stock of the Oakland
and East Side Railway Company, of
the San Francisco and Northwestern
Railroad Company, of the Phoenix and
Eastern Railway Company and of the
Oakland and Eastern Railway Com
pany." : .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS' ANGELES,* D«c.' lO.-^The • body
o/ John.H: Means, an old, prospector,
has lain unburied in this city for three
months the woman' to '.whom
he;left an he.ha<r in the world; has re
fuse^ to: pay' the funeral expenses. .She
supposed that he had simply left her a
legacy of debt;. that .the. several mining
claims he owned did not . amount' to
anything and she has .therefore 'left the
bills -unpaid. S : HeV hame v Is v Lucy> An
drews and she lives s somewhere on
Mission street in.Sari. Francisco/,; •. (
The woman's actions since fhe pros
pector's miserable death in the County
Hospital have aroused' those. who cared
for the old man. They have" engaged
an attorney and to-day began proceed
ings for the purpose of icoinpelling her
to share with , thejn a portion, of the
estate which' she thought was valueless,
but which developments have proved
is so rich, that she will be,- financially
independent^ for the rest of her life.
When Means, died It|was thought
that- he "did "not 'possess a cent. He was
an ¦ old prosp^etor, /whose only property
consisted of certain claims in the Dry
Lake District; ,i. He had. 'been ill for
months, and "was"; cared for by strang
ers-- Miss -,was notified that
he waa.,*nr,^but . she .refused to assist
hlni w and.-|^nce.his death on September
11 the 'Body, has been in a receiving
Vault ; in.a;cenietery with no one to pay
. burial /oxpensesv ¦ It Has been discov
ered, however^ that the mining claims
are- worth: at least $50,000..- In fact, a
Pasadena < company-' has offered more
than that for them, and they can now
be: converged into ready cash.
,Miss Andrews ¦ within the past few
days has filed Means' will for probate
in San Bernardino county and it was
only by accident that the friends of the
deceased here learned of that action.
Means and Miss Andrews' father were
companions during bonanza days in the
Virginia City district. There they made
-and.lost a fortune and when her father
died .-Means promised that If he ever
madeVa i'stake' *he" would will U to the
daughter'of^srehum. He died without
knowing what his claims were worth,
but true to his promise he- made her
his^heirt., - She came here after his death,
butlrefusefl to pay the expenses of his
funeral and the body has been" held un
til the undertaker's bill was settled.
Jt was at her instance that an "expert
went to the Dry Lake mining district
to investigate the claims left by the
old man. He brought the astonishing
Information that some of thd[ ore will
run $1000 to the ton, the average being
from $60 to $100. Some of the property
Is bonded to a Pasadena syndicate
which, if it closes the deal, will acquire
only a half interest in the property, and
there are several claims which are not
covered by bonds, the assessment work
on them ;havihg been done and patents
issued to Means. ;Now those who'be
friended the old^ man during his last
illness, which continued for several
months, propose to make the bene
ficiary of his will pay for that service/
The contest will be In the courts of
San Bernardino county.
John Martin Says His Company
Has Not Disposed of Its Hold
; ings and Believes Error Has
Been Made in Press Report
Remains of the Old Miner Are
. Not Interred and Friends
Cause Investigation 'of Estate
. WASHINGTON, Dec. 10.— The House
to-day adopted a" resolution : directing
the Judiciary Committee to inquire into
the official conduct of Charles Swayne,
Judge of the United • States, ' -District
Court for the northern district of Flor
ida,-and to "report whether • the action
of the House is requisite."-.. :
Lamar (D.) of Florida offered the res
olution announcing- that he desired to
impeach Judge Swayne. A lively de
bate was had before the resolution was
adopted. A number of members on the
majority side sought to have the reso
lution referred* to the Judicary Commit
tee in order that a recommendation
might be had from that committee be
fore voing on its adoption. The minor
ity'solidly supported Lamar in his op
position to j the motion to refer, and
.several Republicans voted against re
ference. There .were few dissenting
votes on the motion to adopt the reso
lution. . v
The. first of the appropriation bills,
the pension bill, was reported to the
House to-day and notice was given
that it would be called upto-morrow
for consideration. The bill carries a
total of $13$.150,100, which isi; $2500 less
than the estimate submitted.',, The bill
carries $1,697,500 less than was appro
priated for pensions last year.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
GLENS FALLS, N. Y., Dec. 10.—
Several mysteries were brought out
to-day In the first hearing of the- con
test over the will of "William Moore,
who left an estate of about $500,000.
There is in sight about $200,000 or more,
which, after a few bequests, Is di
vided in three equal proportions for
his wife, daughter and grandson.
Another clause in the will give3
whatever he has received or may here
after receive under the will of William
Van RenssGlaer to his grandson. No
one here knows who William Van
Rensselaer was or anything further
than what Moore's confidential attor
ney and executor, H.' P. King, testi
fied to-day.
King said that Moore intimated to
him that his estate was valued at
about $300,000, and that a woman who
resides in Los Angeles,' Cal., and who
occasionally stops at a hotel In Sara
toga, had a life interest in it. Moore
said he was bound by an oath not to
reveal any more, but that' a full ex
plantion would be found In his safety
deposit box in the vaults of the Glens
Falls National Bank. Thla vault has
not yet been opened, because of the
contest which Is now being made by
the grandson, who Is a minor. In case
the will is defeated , the grandson will
not fare so well, it is said, as he does
now, and it is a second mystery why
he makes a contest.
King testified that Moore toUJf him
that he (Moore) had contracted. to pay
a certain woman, whose name he did
not wish to mention in the will and
which was not disclosed in the testi
mony, five percentum of this estate.
By an agreement between Moore and
King this five percentum was to be
paid to the woman from the' commis
sion allowed the executor under the
will. -r :; &
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, Wash.. Dec. 10.— Because
a pretty Indian maiden living, on Peel
River in the McKenzie River country
wanted to learn a new song one of
the largest caravans of Alaskan In
dians ever organized journeyed 1000
miles from McKensie to Dawson last
month. Last summer this maiden
heard a prospector sing "In the Good
Old Summer Time." It interested her
very much. The prospector did not
know the song completely. Before he
left camp almost the entire Peel River
tribe was humming the tune as best
they could. „ ...
Missionaries visit these Indians reg
ularly and Christmas festivities form
one of- their chief annual delights. The
Indian I girl whom the song first at
tracted proposed that a party of her
tribe should go to Dawson to learn
this and other songs. The. idea grew,
resulting in a caravan which was led
by W. N. Craigie, who reached Dawson
three weeks ago. While trying to make
a short cut Into Dawson he discovered
the new Seela pass, shortening the trail
from the McKenzie River to Dawson
by 300 miles.'
En . route through the Rockies the
caravan came upon and slaughtered a
herd of caribou and hauled the car
casges of fifty into Dawson on twenty
three large toboggans. The only wom
an to accompany the expedition was
the girl, who Immediately learned the'
words and tune of "In the Good Old
Summer Time" to her complete satis
faction. She and Craigie have started
back and will reach ' McKenzie .River
before Christmas. Later in the winter
another expedition will reach Dawsom
to trade. ' .'¦ '
The caribou meat brought by Crai
gie's caravan relieved Dawson's meat
shortage. It brought from 20 to 35 cents
per pound when auctioned in front of
the Northern Commercial Company's
store.
ACTOR STANDS
OFF BONIFACE
FORMER'S PRESIDENT
REPEATS HIS DENIAL
WOMAN DECLINES TO
PAY BILL FOR BURIAL
Fair Californian's Share of Es
tate to Be Paid Out of Com
mission Allowed Executor
Measure < Carries $1,697,500
LeSs Than Was Appropriated
Last Year for War Veterans
CARAVAN ON THE MARCH
New Route Discovered Shorten
ing the Distance for Pedes
trians in the Yukon Region
Directors at Annual Meeting
in Topeka Confirm Purchase
of the North Shore and North
western Lines in California
Courts in San Bernardino
County to Be Busy With Af
fairs of Deceased Prospector
PENSION BILL REPORTED
DECEDENT BOUND BY OATH
Resolution in the
House Has in View the Im
.-peachment of Charles Swayne
Alaskan Aborigines Travel to
Dawson to Obtain Music
for a Belle of the Tribe
Withholds the Xame of a Los
Angeles AVoman "Who Is 3Iade
One of the Beneficiaries
DEAD MAN'S
WILL STIRS
A CONTEST
SANTA FE
BUYS FIVE
BRANCHES
FLORIDA JUDGE
IS UNDER FIRE
INDIAN MAID
GAINS A SONG
MOORE'S WILL
IS MYSTERIOUS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALi;; FRIDAY. DECEMBER n, 1903.
2
' .. i
Chas\ Keilus & Co.
E x c 1 u , s /I -v e
High-Grade Clothiers
r 1 No Branch Stores. Kg ArenU. '
;Smart, good dressers
the art
expression of style
and exclusive patterns
of cu- ready clothes.
Seen cur Winter models?
Priced w i th I n .^reasoiiy
K e/a r h y"-.6*w c/e : U
T h iT r To y?C$ I 6 c k
« ¦ ADVERTISEMENTS.
9' *¦ ¦* "¦'••'*• ¦¦ ' ' ' ¦
9 ¦ ' '. "-" " ' . • " . '
i ft e No Percentage Drug Store
] OUR CHRISTMAS GIFT DAY
f We present free to our patrons on the ;
• above date>n elegant doll, 14 inches long,
S handsomely dressed, complete with hat.
J genuine bisque head, with purchases of
• : 50c or over.
g See the dolls in our window.
o ——-Everybody welcome » —
! The No percentage Drug Go.
5 ' 949.95I MARKET STREET
;#•-:•¦ ¦."'¦- ¦ :--'••'¦ ¦:¦' ¦.. ¦ • ¦ •... .- - • ¦: ;.- ¦. -.¦¦•
AAAASflfififlOOOAd&AfiflAOftfifififiQfiAAAttAfiAAAfiAAAftAAA
¦•"¦'¦-"•¦ DB> KILtfEB'S SWAMP-HOOT. '""_''' : ''*'''; ;.?...
TiliSiDS HAVE KIDNEY SI
TROUBLE iD DDNT KNOW IT
To Prove what Swamp-Root, the Great Kidney Remedy, i
Will Do for YOU, Every Reader of "The Call" May !
Have a Sample Bottle Sent Free by; Mail.
Weak and unhealthy kidneys are responsible for more sickness
and suffering than any other disease - therefor £,* when, -through
neglect or other causes, kidney trouble is permitted to continue,
fatal results arc sure to follow. , ; : *"' V ; •";'"¦ /¦¦
Your other organs may need attention— but your ' kidneysniost,
because they do most and need attention first. v.V -"',..'
if you arc sick or "feel badly,*' begin taking.. Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, the great kidney. liver and bladder remedy, because'
as soon as your kidneys begin to get better they will help all the
other organs to health. A trial will convince any one. '-
The miJd and immediate effect of Dr. day, smarting or irritation in passinc-
Kilmer's Swamp-Root, the great kidney brickdust or sediment in the urine.
. « nd bladder remedy, is soon reajized. It headache, backache, lanie back, dizzi-
s'tands the highest for its wonderful ness, sleeplessness, nervousness, heart,
cures of the most distressine cases, disturbance due to bad kidnev trouble.
Swamp-Root will set your whole sys- skin eruptions from bad blood., neural-
tern right, and the best proof of this gia, rheumatism, diabetes, bloatine.' jr-'
is a trial. • ritability, worn-out feeling, lack of am-
H east liOTH st.. icew tork citt. bition. loss of flesh, sallow complexion.
Dear Str': •--.-- Brifjht's disease.
SK iSKSSS SSTJn'TSnS^ K vour water, when allowed to ' re-
.former rtrtrrth and power h*d leftme; i main undisturbed in a glass or. bottle for
twenty-four hours forms a sediment or
wished to die. it «a* ihen i saw an advertise- settling or has a cloudy appearance, it
went cf yours m a New Tork paper but would is evidence that your kidneys and
not have paid any attention to it had Jt not ., ,, _ . •_. 1- . iv»-. v'J»v. •- ' •- ¦
promt8»><i a sworn gvarantce with every bottle Dladder need immediate attention. ••-.,;
•of vour med'eine. a«f'rt!nz that your Swamp- Swamp-Root is the great dlSCOYc'ry of
Root 1* purely vetetable and <Soes not contain r» r Kilmer the pminpnt Inrfnt^T an/1
any harmful druc*. I am seventy year* and . Ur \ t ls - llmer » . tne eminent KlOUey .-ana
•four uiontfc* old. ana with a good conscience i bladder specialist. Hospitals'".'- >use it
:^ r Sd^T^b!S. mp -K2 &&F5TS; wi !, h wonderful success .in bottf-Sligbj
family have been uring Bwamp-noot for four ? nd severe cases, uoctors recQmmenq
; different kidney diseases with the same pood it tO their patients and USe 'ii-in XhciT
"with "m*nr thar.k, to you. i remain, f. own families, because theysrecognize
Vco' truly yours. in Swamp-Root the greatest and most
Robert berxer. successful remedy. ¦
You may have a sample bottle of this Swamp-Root is pleasant t<J"'tafce~£nd'
famous kidney remedy. Swamp-Root, is for sale at drug stores the world
'sent free by mail, post-paid, by which over in bottles of two sizes and two
you may test its virtues for such dis- prices — fifty cents and one dollar. Re-
orders as kidney, bladder and uric acid member the name, Swamp-Root," and
diseases, poor digestion, being obliged the address. Binghamton, N. Y. f on
to pass your water frequently nieht and I every bottle.
• -EDITORIAL NOTICE— If you have the slightest symptoms of kid-
ney or bladder trouble, or if there is a trace of it in your family history, send
at once to Dr. Kilmer & Co.. Binghamton, N. Y., who will gladly send you
by mail, immediately, .-.without cost to you, a sample bottle of .Swamp-Root
and a book containing many of the thousands upon thousands of testimonial
letters received from "men and women cured. In writing, be sure to say that
you fca<T' this' gen eYous offer in' 1 the San Francisco Daily Call.MESSINA, Italy. Dec 10.— Half of
the orange and lemon crop in this vi
cinity was destroyed to-day by a
heavy hail storm.
Storm Destroys Jicsslna Citrus Crop.
VICTORL\. B. C^ Dec 10.— The Erit-
Ish cruiser Flora, which crashed Into
the rocks at Village Point a week ago
to-day, was floated to-day,, the vessel
having meanwhile been lightened until
she was a mere shell She is not leak
ing badly acd centrifugal pumps were
put on board, which will easily keep
her free c-n the voyage to Esquimalt.
where she will be placed in drydock
for repairs. . ,
British Cruiser Flora Floated.
¦ STOCKTON, Dec. 10.— The Federated
Trades Ia*t night declared the Holt
Manufacturing Company, the Houser-
Haines Works and the Mattison-Will
iamson Works, all practically under
the Holt management, unfair, owing to
the fact that the Holt management
had expresed a determination to run
an "open shop."
The various unions will now with
draw their men as soon as possible
and it is expected that in a few day
the works mentioned wiil be tied up
by a strike of the operatives. Xo
statement, beyond the facts that the
owners have all- the men they want
and that "there is no trouble what
ever." can be secured from the main
office.
That tl»e Holt Company Has Been
Unfair to Employes.
Federated Tmtlcs in Stockton Declare
BIG MAXUFACTURING FIRM
MAY CLOSE ITS DOORS
Conrtrreu of Poi-*»nin£ Her Brother
Jury in the case of Mrs. Mary Mc-
Ivnight. on trial for the alleged poison
ing cf her brother, John Murphy. tt>
dsy brought in a verdict of murder,
and Mrs. McK night was sentenced to
life imprisonment.
Former Member cf Parliament Dies
XEV»" YORK. Dec. 10. — Adolphus
Drucker. at one time a member of the
British Parliament and possessed of
considerable means, having large nain
bQJB interests at Rossville, B. C, died
to-day in Bellevue Hospital. Drucker
vi! removed to the hospital from the
Grand Union Hotel, where he had
been for two day*.
, • -. - - ...
The veterans waited patiently for
the bride and groom at the home, so
as to make a demonstration of some
sort. They did not have to wait long.
3s the happy pair put in an appear
ance !ast night.
Promptly at 7:Z1 there was an en-
Unrdastlc gathering in front o? the
officers' quarters. The "old boys" were
there, the officers and their families
were on hand and the bras3 band was
in evidence. For hi'.f an hour the
band discoursed music Colonel Lyon
made a speech.
YOUNTVILLE, Dec. 10. — The cold
weather in N'apa Valley has not in the
least chilled the ardor of the members
of the Veterans* Home in Yountville.
Three weeks ago It was learned at the
home, through the daily papers, that
the genial quartermaster and commis
sary, Colonel J. J. Lyon, had been
quietly married at Redwood City. The
bride, who is just half the age o£ the
bridejrroom. was Mi« May Franklin
Oxsk, the charming and accomplished
daughter of Dr. and Mrs. F. C Cook
of San Francisco. The news of the
•wedding came as a great surprise to
every one. as Colonel Lyon was
thought to be a confirmed bachelor.
Commissary Lyon and His Youns; Wife
the Recipients of an Oiation at
the Soldiers' Home. %
VETERANS AT YOUNTVILLE
HONOR BRIDE AND GROOM
Lcndca Woman Claims Tliat She Was
Deleadanf* Wife St the Time of
IIi« Second Marriage.
PHILADELPHIA. Dec. 10. — Mrs.
Caroline Madeline Gardner of London
has begun a legal action here seeking
to set aside a divorce granted Mrs.
Ar.rua Graham Gardner of this city
from Frank L. Gardrter. on the ground
that he -a as the plaintiff's husband
when he marr:ed Anna Graham.
' Gardner, who Is an American, nor.
resides abroad and is supposed to have
a fortune cf at least 530.000,000. The
plaintlfT alleges that his wealth was
made through her acquaintance with
the late Barney Barnato. the South
African mining king, and that she
supplied the funds. Gardner's divorce
from her, she declares, was secured
fcy fraud.
_
BKINGS SUIT TO SET
ASIDE GRAHAM DIVORCE
SAX MATSO, Dec. 10.— At a joint
meeting of the Civic Club and the
Woman's Auxiiiary last night two mat
ters of great importance to this com
munity in the way of civic improve
ment were taken up and put in defi
nite shape. It was unanimously agreed
to ralsv* a fund of not less than $5000
to better equip the volunteer fire de
partment, which shall include a new
chemical engine, a new hook and lad
der outfit, two horses and such minor
additions as are necessary to put the
department in the best possible condi
tion for fishting fire.
It was a'.fso resolved > raise $2000
for extending and improving the Free
Public Library, which will be removed
to larger quarters in the building erect
ed fcr that purpose Volunteer sub
scriptions v.-ere announced of HZZt to
the fire fund and 5230 to the library
fund. President Doe appointed sepa
rate committees to raise the balance on
each by public subscription, and effec
tive re«ults wtD be seen by the begin
ning of the year. The additions to the
fire department will result in a lower
rate of fire insurance.
3Ioney Is Raised for the Improvement
of the Department and AI$o for
the Public Library.
Governor Signs the Change of Venae,
Disqualification of Judgrs and
Sapreme Court Bills.
HELENA. Mont., Dec. 10. — The
Legislature virtually finished its work
this afternoon, though it wiil not ad
journ until to-morrow. Up to this
evening the Governor had signed
three "of the judicial bills, including
the change of venue, disqualification
of Judges and giving the Supreme
Court power to review the facts in
equity c^se?. The Meyer bill, provid
ing for the payment of costs In
chance of venue cases, is yet to be
enrclled. ' The Governor sent a mes
sc^e to the House approving the ju
dicial bills that had reached him and
saying- he wocld approve all the bills
yet to come to him.
The ??s5;on will probably end at
a to-morrow.
MONTANA LEGISLATURE
ABOUT FINISHES ITS WORK
SAX MATEO'S CITIZEN'S
PLAN* BETTER FERE SERVICE
Mrs. Snowdon and Mrs. Captain
Chaplain, two sisters of James Duns
muir. gave evidence this afternoon in
favor cf the plaintiff. They stated that
the late Alexander Dunsmuir could not
carry on an intelligent conversation as
a result of excessive indulgence in
liqTior. He continued to ask the name
cf Mrs. Chaplain's husband after hav
ing been told many times, and similar
incidents. In cross-examination they
stated that they were not on speaking
terms with their brother. James Duns
muir, defendant in the case.
The first witness for the defense was
called this afternoon. C. H. Wharton.
a furniture dealer of Oakland, testified
that he had always found the late
Alexander Dunsmuir very intelligent.
He had many business relations with
Dunsmuir. and the millionaire had al
ways Impressed him as a reasonable
business man.
VICTORIA. B. C. Dee. -10.— The cross
examination of Edna Wallace Hopper
•was held to-day in the Hopper-Dtms
mnfr will case, in which she Is suing
James Dunsmuir seeking to break the
viu cf the late Alexander Dtinsmuir.
She told a similar story under cross
examination as given In direct exam
ination yesterday. She said she had
been told by lawyers In New York that
the could not get justice In British
Columbia, as James Duasmuir was the
Premier of that province.
The cenductnr probably owes his life
to Policeman John O'Hara, who, quick
ly grasping the situation, rushed the
fenner to s. rrivats residence near by.
and, throwing- open the front door,
forced him Inside. Then, appearing at
a window with drawn revolver, the po
liceman threatened to shoot any one
who attempted to enter. After driving
?h« car fo"F several blocks the motor-
K»n leaned to the ground and ran.
pursued cy a crowd cf men and boys.
The croud finally, failing to recapture
either of the fugitives, returned to the
car and partially wrecked it. Traffic
was stepped fcr an hour and the mob.
••-hich grew to large proportions, was
on!y dispersed upon the arrival of a
patrol \ragcn!oad of policemen. The
conductor and motorman are said to
have been employed during the recent
strike as strike-breakers.
CHICAGO. Dec 13.— In a riot on HaJ
sted street, near Archer avenue, grow
ing out cf the recent street car strike,
a non-union conductor and a non
union 'Ciotorman were attacked by rv
mob end their car partially
Ita trouble started when the passen
gers, several of whom were women.
refused to pay their fares because the
conductor did not wear a unicn but
ton. The conductor stopped the car
end announced that it would not start
££a:n until the fares were paid. While
several of the passengers seized and
r?u;hly handled the conductor one
forced the niotorrnan at the point cf.
a. revolver to proceed.
Edna Wallace Hopper Says
Lawyers Told Her She
Could Not Obtain Justice
WOMEN*
Prompt Action of a Patrol
man Saves Conductor From
Injury at Hands of Crowd
START TROUBLE
ACTRESS ON THE STAND
Small Sized Riot Occurs in
Chicago as a Result of the
Recent Streetcar Men's Strike
Relatives of the Deceased Capi
talist Declare That He Could
Xot Converse Intelligently
SISTERS TELL
OF DUNSMUIR
MOB ATTACKS
NON UNION MEN
THE SAN' FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY. DECEMBER 11. 1903.
3
D0A2TS KID2TEY PIIXS.
lillilATiSFIEF?
Zf Vet, TTiat Better Prccf Can Saa Pzas-
Cisco 2«cleats Ask Tcr?
Tfcis is the statement of a San Fraa-
cisca citizen.
Tbe testimony of a neighbor.
Von can readily investigate it.
Tbe proof should convince you.
C. K Swain. rr.::.:.-.:r encineer. of ZH7
Ciaty street- says: "It is ttree or four
vr&rm »in<re I Crst notictfd paia in ray
uaek and other marked syaptonis of
e*ja:plalnt. I thought the first at-
tmck would pars ar/cy a* mysteriously
mm it cine. ar»<5 it prot»bly did. but oaly
to I* succeeded by another of longer du-
ration and more acute. By and by the
-ittacfes *i-eT* more persistent and the
I* in more pronounced until finally tt was
» *Hffct:It matter. for me to atter.d to my
*J*ily duties. Wtea mzSerizig from one
of these attacks, almost- by accident I
hwrP^i'd to r«d an adv. about Doan"s
KUIney Pills and I us«l thre« boxes.
Th«»y certainly acted with tne as the ad-
vertt!ieTS»r.t stated. Ytqts. the beneficUl
results received I h«ve/s very high esti-
mate vf Doan'« Kidney Pills."
For sale by all dealers. Price 5ffc
F<*t*r-illlbura Co- Bcffalo. X. T^ sole
:.;.-•.:« for tn» United States.
Ketaetr.ber the name. LXoan's. r^-.d taie
r« eubrtitute. ¦•
wCnihin ? s Best moncybac:
means vastly more than mere
• . A TVPT'R.TTS'FnW
_ '"
—^^— — — —^ — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — n^ »^ mmmm.
: — — ' — " ~- ™ il ™ — "" ; ~ .
This is the store for overcoats— because the assortment is so large any customer can get just what he
wants for what he wishes to pay— because the garments are made in our own workshops and are retailed
direct at a saving to you of $5 to $10 on each coat— because every bit of clothing we sell is guaranteed in
two ways: money back for dissatisfaction; repairing; sponging and pressing free with all garments.
, Could you buy to a better advantage than this? Certainly not.
As an actual fact we are the only establishment on this coast that manufactures every dollar's worth of
Here are ready-to-wear overcoats and suits in all styles at all prices. ' -:
Whatever you save in buying clothes leaves more to spend on Christmas presents. We mention below t
some interesting values:
*__ . : : — 5-. vr— ¦ ¦ ¦ _ . *
Our overcoats range from $10 to $35 and the assortment - It matters not what you want in style, pattern or weave;
contains every style of overcoat identified with the season. Erm- we can giveyou a suit at $10.00 to $30:00 that will fit you like
merationof all the styles, patterns and weaves is hardly possible. made-to-measure garments. ',.,,.
We mention a few of the $1 0 garments. " At $10.00 we have blue serges, blue . and black day wor-
Tourist overcoats, 50 inches long, with belt in back, made of * ted5 > b!ack thibets and cheviots in vanety enough ot
fanc^- rough cheviots in swell patterns. ** eIi P atterns to The sizes are irom 34 to 44
- T ° 1 s ' • It , ¦ . r o* - u • chest measure, with pants accordingly.
T^^^^^j^^^^^^^^. For short fat men, who measure from 3 3 to 44-Chest, we .
lengthniade of blue and black cheviot and kersey black cay ¦ haveniade up a special line of suits that will fit ' satisfactorily
worsteds, and rough cheviots i| a number of styhs iv patterns. without anv alterations. Therejs a good assortment of mate-
! ' The garments- are made snug fitting or loose effect, jike the pic- prices from $12 .50 to $25.00-
ture shown above. K Special sale of pants for bier men, from 40 to 48 waist, in
Covert top coats. 32 to 36 menes m lengthen all the light striped wor ; ted go6d - p ants
sliades, such as tan, olive, slate, : etc:; also in oxford gray cheviots from stock and wom without any alterations. Regular $3.00
I and black thibets. ¦ 5 for $1 95 _ '
Any of these garmentsis We would like to show you the suits we sell for - \
Mail Oroers ml&\ i\¥\ C* JTjTk Merchandise Oroers
Mail oroers ffJeo for anything in men's • #%| • W^J H PI BE B All g S /n selecting a Christmas present where
or boys' clothing, furnishings or hats. \^f I ' W* IL i§L \* lk& *%3I W \J? the size of the article is not known, buy one
Customers served as weff by mai/ as though § : ,T >-Y- 1 •• +*J X^ of our Merchandise Oroers, issueo for any
they bought: in person. . 740 Market Street amount ior any kino 01 goods.I^ate Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Trainmen Arraigned.
OAKLAND, Dec. 10— Conductor
Joseph Moffitt and Brakeman 'George
Browning of the Southern Paciflc Com
pany were arraigned before Justice^
Quinn to-day for alleged battery upbn
Mrs. Ruby Alexander. air. "Moffltt
simply collected fare from the woman,
who claimed that her transportation
had been taken up by the conductor on
the run before.
PORTLAND, Or.. Dec. 10.— United States
District Judge Charles B. Bellinger this rnorn
lnff continued the cases of Horace O. . Me Kin
ley Marie L.. Ware' and. S. A. D. Filter,
charged with ¦ conspiracy to defraud the Gov
ernment, until the first day of. the next term
of court. This will bring tho cas«s up for trial
abcut Aoril 1.
SUISUN. Dec. 10.— Lieutenant Governor Al
den Anderson left Sulsun last evening -for a
trip to the Eastern, States, where he goes In
the. interest . of the California -Fruit . Distrib
uters, of which organization he -Is manager.
Mr. Anderson's Itinerary will Include ' Chicago.
Phlladelpnla. Nev. York and the other prin
cipal cities of the East,- and He expects to b«
absent about six weeks.
Annendicitis Insurance policies are is
sued in England at $1 25 a year for
every $500.
PENDT^BTOX. Or.. Pec. 10. — With the ship
ment of 1O.0CO sheep from Echo to YVallula to
morrow, the Stockton. CaU firm of Waltz &
Hale will " ave "hipped 50. COO sheep out of
Eastern Oregon this season % at an average
prlcw of ?1 §2 r*r nea<J-
NEW YORK, Dec. 10.— The follow
ing Californians are .in New York:
From San Francisco-^-R. -E. . Howen,
at the Everett; ,D. Sutherland, at the
Broadway Central; B. Huie. Jr. and
G. Quare, : at the Morton, and P. Reh
fesch, at, the Imperial.
From Los Angeles— C W. Jenks
and F. A.'Hollock, at" the Broadway
Central., -v.v>-
Californlans in New York.
TELEGRAPH NEWS.
Hearst Gets Divorcr.
OAKLAND, Dec. 10.— An interlocu
tory decree of divorce was granted
John W. Hearst, a' mail carrier, from
Lorraine E. Hearst by Judge llelvin
to-day on the ground of desertion. The
mother, however, was awarded the
custody of their daughter Helen, aged
10, and Hearst was ordered to pay his
wife $10 a month alimony for the sup
port of the child.
- OAKLAND, Dec. 10. — Adoption of
the v specifications for the repaying of
Telegraph avenue \vas postponed a
week by the Street Committee of the
City 'Council to-night. The' commit
tee will request representatives of .the
Contra Costa Water Company, the
Oakland Gas Light and Heat Company
arid the; Oakland Transit Consolidated
to confer with the Council in repard
to mains underground and to the
tracks on the avenue before final ac
tion', shall be taken. . City Engineer
Turner was 1 also requested to revise
the proposed specifications . again and
make a definite report.! *\ '
Kepaving Telegraph Avenue.
OAKLAND, Dec. 10.— Oakland Circle
No. 266, Women of Woodcraft, have
arranged to give a whist tournament at
Woodmen's Hall on Saturday evening,
December 12. The committee in charge
has provided a number of handsome
prizes, and a large, attendance is ex
pected. After the tournament the rest
of the evening will be spent in dancing.
a Whist ISnterlafnment for Next
Saturday Evening.
Members of Oakland Circle Arrange
WOODCRAFT WOMEN ARE
TO GIVE A TOURNAMENT
S*X JOSE. I*-*". 10. — By. a chance of venue,
a tnilt that will interest- the town of Palo Alto
will be trl"d here. It Is the action brought by
Timothy Horkins. the original owner i of th»
Palo Alti town site, atrftlnst- I>ter Mullen.
Janes Farmin and M,'O. Slartft to recover
ownership of real estate because • nt violation
of an antl-llfjuor s'lllng clause in the deed.
James Rutherford, who is in charge
of the mills during the absence of his
brother, Superintendent William Ruth
erford, says the mills will run with
their full force of employes, because a
shut-down would work a hardship both
on the operatives and the company. '
OAKLAND,. Dec. 10.— Despite the
high price of raw cotton the California
Cotton Mills, in East Oakland, will con
tinue operations with their full force of
employes. A report has been circulated
that the mills would have to close or
throw a number of their operatives out
of employment, t but this is denied by
officials of the company!
Company Is to Continue Running: Its
Plant With a Full Force of
Operatives.
COTTON MILLS WILL
NOT CLOSE DOWN
Appoints Two 3Iore Deputies.
BERKELEY, Dec. 10. — Town Mar-.',
shal Kerns appointed to-day two more
deputy marshals, according to the au
thorization of Thomas Rickard, pres
ident of the Board. of Trustees. The .
men are Charles Sleeper and E. I*. ,
Sisterna. There are now seven extra}*
deputies guarding the town at nighty
five having been previously appointed.^
OAKLAND, Dec. 10.— After inveig
ling Frank Wilson of Coldwater,
Mich., to a lonesome, spot on the Ala
meda marsh, two confidence men held
up th'e stranger with pistols yesterday
afternoon and forced him to yield
$100 and a watch. Wilson did not
get around to the police until this
afternobn. He told his story .and
gave a. description of the thieves.
/The victim arrived in .San Fran
cisco from Stockton yesterday and
was taken in hand by a bunko man,
who invited Wilson to Visit the Mint.
En route the glib-torigued operator
suggested that there was to be a gun
boat; blown up on the Alameda marsh
and that the- sight would be, worth
seeing. ' Wilson was of the same mind.
Over to Alameda the pair traveled.
Strange to say, they bumped <into a
third man who was also going to the
destruction of the gunboat. The trip
arrived on the marsh and there the
two strangers suddenly, pointed pis
tols at Wilson and commanded him
to : surrender his valuables, v
After they had taken money and
watch the strangers disappeared, leav
ing their victim to, get out of his pre
dicament as best-he could..
Rob Man They Had Enticed to Ala
meda JInrsh to Witness Imagin
ary Explosion of Gunboat.
. OAKLAND, Dec. . 10.— The experi
ments made by Supervisor Rowe of- this
county with oil upon hill roads have at
tracted the attention of so important
an engineering jourpaL as -the Munici
pal Journal and Engineer of New York,
and it makes this comment upon his
work:
Th* first attempt to use oil on county roads
In the vicinity of Oakland. Cal., was made by
Supervisor Rowe of * Alameda County. -The
road In question was very steep and could not
bo watered readily without carrying the water
from the bottom to the top of the hill. The
road was very duety and much complaint had
been heard from the farmers that used It. A
contract was made with a firm to oil the road,
but. as the firm did not live up to U.a con
tract the Supervisor decided to do the work
himself. He secured a special sprinkler, which
was nttacned to an ordinary water cart. The
road Is to be sufficiently drained and oiled
again before the winter sets In. The oil was
applied cold and has entirely laid the dust,
but to secure & semi-bltumlnoufl roadway.' as
in Golden Gate Park, it is necesFary to put
the oil on hot. The farmers are satisfied with
the result because they can draw their hay
into town without Jiavlnx It covered with dust
and thus Ret more for their product.
Experiments With Oil Upo- Hill
Roads Given Praise by an En
gineering Journal.
BERKELEY. Dec. 10. — The Rev.
George E. Swan resigned the pnlplt
of St. Mark's Episcopal Church last
night after^^ eight years' "service, giving
ill health as the cause. -;in theftliopa
of regaining his health Dr. Swan has
accepted an offer to engage in mission
work among the Piute Indians In Mo
doc County, with headquarters at Fort
Bidwell. Mrs. Swan, who has secured
a Government appointment In tho
county, win accompany him.
Rector Resiffns Ills Pnlplt..
SUPERVISOR ROWE'S WORK
ATTRACTS EASTERN' NOTICE
OAKLAND, Dec. 10.— The trial of
Joseph Bonetti, an alleged anarchist,
was begun before Judge Ellsworth to
day. Bonetti had only been in the
country fifteen days when he stabbed
Patrick Coughlan, a night watchman
at Livermore. The case was reported
to the United States authorities with an
idea of having Bonetti deported, under
a clause of the late immigration act,
as an anarchist. Nothing:, however,
has been found to support this and h!a
trial was begun to-day.
Bonettl on Trial.
'.The following officers of the local
Plumbers' Union were elected last
nigh:
President, J. Edward Ayers; vice
president, W. J. Ford; recording
secretary, T. J. Newell; financial secre
tary, A. C.Loefficr; treasurer, George
Fitz-erald: trustees, William Sullivan,
chairman: J. Scott, J. Barry, A. C. Gor
dan and R. D. Feary; delegates to the
Building Trades Council, J. Scott, J.
Frances and C.^Pratt.
The Sheet Metal Workers' -Union, will
give a smoker after the election of offi
cers, which will be held in two weeks.
The members of the Plumber::' Union
have been Invited to attend.
The final meeting of the executive
committee of th« State Federation of
Labor will be held in Oakland on Sun
day,- December 20.
OAKLAND, Dec 10. — Carpenters' Lo
cal Union No. 36 has elected the follow
ing officers:
R. B. Harlan, president; C. A. Green,
vice president; J. J. Victor, recording
secretary; C. D. Jacobs, financial sec
retary; Con Grow, treasurer; L. E.
Pake, conductor; A. B. Reinhardt,
warden; L. E. Pake, trustee; R. Wiand,
auditor; L. O. Matthew, Con Grow,
Charles Maker, F. J. Green, E. Thomp
son, George Weckworth, R. B. Harlan,
T. F. Butler, delegates to district coun
cil. The delegates to f.ie Central. Labor
Council will be appointed at^the last
meeting of this month. • :'.'¦'.. '. ..
Executive Committee of State Feder
ation of I^abor Will Soon Meef
in Oakland.
LOCAL LABOR UNIONS
ELECT THEIR OFFICERS
• When the train arrived at Point
Richmond last Thursday, Miss Bash
and her father were there to greet Mrs.
Bash, and naturally Dr. Howell, acting
the gallant .with .the lady's baggage,
was introduced to the relatives.
. So they all crossed the bay together,
and just about the time the whistle
blew for the landing in San Francisco
the love microbe' began tapping at the
hearts of the hero and the heroine of
this story, who had at once become
friendly.
Now Dr. Howell had only just begun
BUNKO HEN FORCE
VICTIM TO YIELD
GOES TO MEET MOTHER.
One of the happy pair is Dr. Gardner
Howell of New York city, successful in
the practice of his profession. The
lady was Miss Bessie Bash, daughter
of Mr. and Mrs. Jacob Bash of 2206
Woolsey street, South Berkeley. Until
last Thursday' neither had any thought
of immediate marriage.
Thn story, really begins with the
boarding of = a, westbound : train in
Kansas City by Mrs. Jacob Bash, the
bride's mother. It happened that Dr.
Howell occupied the same Pullman
and, as is usually the case, the pas
sengers became friends before the train
got half way across the continent. • '
BERKELEY, Dec. 10.— They fell iri
love- at first sight and were married
four days thereafter.
That sentence tells the whole- of a
romantic ,ejtory, that the mantle of four
fateful days could, cover, and involves
th*e love ' affair ¦ of two young people
now bound tightly together by matri
monial bonds.
OAKLAND, Dec. 10.— Industrial
•Lodge No. 610, I. A. of Mi, has adopted
a set of resolutions. to be presented to
the City^ Council, indorsing the propo
sition to bond the city of Oakland for
the ": erection of a trade or technical
school for the training of boys and girls
who- wish to study the various branches
of industrial work.
The proposition has already received
the indorsement of the federated trades
and the local unions of carpenters. The
following committee was appointed by
the lodge to take up the matter: Paul
Gillette, Willis W. Whitmore and Lewis
T. Stevenson,
Will Present Resolutions to the
City. Council.
Industrial. Lodge of West Oakland
APPRO VK BONDING OF CITY
FOR TECHXICAIj SCHOOL
LOVE MICROBE THRIVES.
The third visit was on Sunday, by
which time the love microbe had en
larged Into a chrysalis, sprouting
cupid-like wings. Dr. Howell found
that his attentions were very accept
able then, and when he had made bold
to propose he was accepted.
The wedding was fixed for the next
day. and, with little ado, the, young
people went to San Francisco and
were married in the parsonage
of the Rev. A. C. Bane, pastor
of the Howard-street Methodist
Church. Now they are residing
In a city hotel,-, awaiting the
time when the next China steamer will
sail, for Dr. Howell has not aban
doned his plans for a tour' of the'
world, which now becomes a wedding
Journey.
"Dr. Howell told me it was love at
first sight with him," said Mrs. Bash
to-day. "I, think my daughter must
have felt the same way. It runs in our
family to make up our minds quickly.
I was married when I had only known
my husband two days, and my other
two daughters have decided on quicker
notice than that even. Dr. Howell and
Bessie, I am sure, wilj be very happy
together, for I know they love each
other very much."
Dr. Howell is 26 years of age and his
bride is 20.
a 'round-the-world tour, but when he
was Invited to call at the Bash
Berkeley home he could not resist the
temptation of postponing his trip until
the next steamer. This gave, him' a
chance to call .the next day and the
next and 'the next. • .
BERKELEY ' GIRL. WHO FELL IN LOVE WITH AND MARRIED A
GLOBE-TROTTING EASTERNER AFTER A COURTSHIP OF FOUR
T DAYS.
The Greek letter sororities of the university
last night former! a Pan-Hellenic League, to
be affiliated with the national •organization.
The sororities comprised in the league ar«
the Kappa Kappa Gamma. Kappa Alpha The
ta Gamma Phi Beta. Alpha Phi. Chi Omega,
Delta Delta Delta and Phi Beta Phi. The dis
cussion in regard to amending the practice of
"rushing" freshmen for the sororities eama>
to naught, as the delegates were not willing
to act on such short notice. The matter will
be taken up at another meeting.
Dr Alfred Kmeraon. the archaeologist, who
recently returned from Europe, will offer two
courses in Greek art durlnsr the next term.
The first will be on "The History of Art in
Greece" and the second, which will be for
advanced students only, on "9eminary Exer
cises In Classical Archaeology."
BERKELEY. Dec. 10.— Th« newly organize*
co-ed organization, "Mask and Dagger," which
corresponds to tba "Skull and Keys" organi
zation of the men students, has been put on
a permanent basis by the election of the fol
lowing named officers: President. Miss Eduar
do Howard; vice president. Miss Tallulah La
Conte; secretary. Miss Ann Thatcher: corres
ponding secretary. Miss Isabelle McReynolds;
treasur»r. Miss Beatrice Snow. The member
ship in the society is limited to twenty stu
df-nta of the three upper claaaeg endowed with
histrionic talents. The neophytes will be ini
tiated annually, when they will be comp<Ml<»<i
to do strange things in public on the campus.
A play will be given every year on Washing
ton's birthday, that being the women's day
at the university. M . ,
Hart Greensfelder '04 has appointed the fol
lowing staff to assist him in the publication (it
the Occident next term: A. C. Keane '03. lit
erary editor: W. H. Dehm *C5. managing edi
tor; Jackson Gregory 'Ott. exchange editor; Jo
seph f». Koford '0«. news editor: John Vv .
Geary '04. athletic editor; A. J. To<ld 'O4. Mia*
Katherine Haeshey '05. Miss Eduardo How
ard "04. Carleton H. Parker '04. A. L. Prlc*
'04 Miss Virginia Whitehead '04. Richard
O'Connor 'W. Miss Belle Cooper 'to and Guer
don Edwards '07, associate editors.
Professor Leon J. Richardson of the Latin
department left for the East last night fir
the purpose of visiting the colleges there and
engaging Instructors for next year's summer
The midterm examinations will be hMd to
morrow morning, beginning at » o'clock, and
will continue until Saturday. December 1J>.
The bids for the work on the foundations of
the new California Hall will be opened. in the
secretary's office to-morrow, this being th«
first step that will have been taken toward
the realization of i the building for which the
last Legislature appropriated J250.C0O. Th««
plans for the building ore still in the hands of
John Galen Howard, the university's archi
tect. . . ¦ ¦
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
Some of those who will take part are: Mre.
George Kins.. Mrs. Campbell and the Misses
Katherine Potter. Ethelwyn Mills. Jean Ba
k'T, Katherine Barnes, Addio Gorrill, Jean
nette Cuvelller. Grace Campbell. r*arrie- Gor
rill, Estelle Cunningham. Bessie Wilson. Helen
Varney, Florence Jcssup, Nancy Collurn, Anna
Wilson.- - -
Miss Mabel Stoakes of Cnlfax is spending the
winter with her friend ,Mre. M. Tobriner of
this city.
The Lend-a-Hand Club of the First Unita
rian Church will conduct a "college fair" to
morrow and Saturday In the parlors of the
church. ¦
The officers of the society are: President,
Miss H. Williams; treasurer. , Mrs.. Morgan
Williams: secretary. Mm. Evan Humphreys.
Mr. "and Mrs. George S. Whea'.on entertained
a family party at dinner last evening, the;
guests beinsr Mr. and Mrs. Charles E. Palmer,
Mr. and Mrs. Edson Adams. Mr. and Mrs.
Silas Palmer, Miss • Bessie Palmer and Miss
Ella Sterett.
Refreshment booth— Mrs. Edward?. Mra. Wil
liams. Alameda; Mr«. Richard Hughes, Mrs.
Parry. Mrs. Huzhes. Mrs. R. Hughes. Mrs.
Ellis Wdrthlngton, Mrs. Richard Williams.
Fancy hooth — Miss Lizzie Rowland?. Mrs.
Humphieys, Mrs. Arthur Jones. Mrs. Worth
lngton. Sirs. Roberta, Mrs. II. Da vies.
Handkerchief booth — Mrs. Garcy Jones, Mra.
Robert Williams.
Ap. - on booth — Mrs. Thomas, Mrs. I. Bonsall,
Mrs. Daniels.
Candy booth — Mrs. R. Hicks, Miss Lizzie
William*.
Domestic booth — Mr?. David Hughes. Mrs.
R. Evans. Mrs. Morgan Williams, Mrs. T.
Llovd, Mrs. J. Wllllam«=.
In charge of calendars at tea — Mrs. Allen G.
Freeman, Mrs. John Shuey. Mrs. E. A. Whita
ker. Miss May Benton, Miss Carrie Gorrill,
Miss Hawley, Mrs. • Wallace Everson, Mrs.
Hugh Hogan. Mrs. Francis F. Weston. Mrs.
Allen D. Wilson. Mrs. MeManu*. Miss Ada
Oorrlll. MIsa Moller. Mrs. William R. Davis.
Mrs Charles L. Smith. Mrs. W. S. Palmer. ¦
Cashiers and ticket committee— Mrs. Quincy
A. Chase. Mrs. R. W. GorrlU. Mrs. Allen D.
Wilson. Mrs. H. E. Cooke. Mrs. George Dornln.
Will pour tea— Mrs. Samuel Hubbard. Mrs.
Charles Chamberlain. Mm. W. B. Dunning,
Mrs. C. C. Clay, Mrs. E. M. Herrick. Mrs.
James A. Folrer.
On Saturday afternoon and evening the La
dles' Aid Society of the Welsh ' Presbyterian
Church will give a New England dinner at
Maccabee Hall, on Eleventh and Clay streets,
at noon, and from 5 to 7 o'clock in the even-
Ing. A sale of fancy work will be conducted
at the same time.
The various booths will be presided over as
follows:
Programme committee — Mrs. John Henry
Dieckmann. Mrs. J. H. P. Dunn, Miss Claire
Chabot.
Reception committee — Mrs. James A. Fol
ger, Mrs. H. E. Cooke. Mrs. Allen D. Wilson,
Mrs. W. W. Standeford, Mrs. Allen G. Free
man, Mrs. William Gruenhagen. Mrs. Matilda
Brown, Mrs. George T. Hawley, Mrs. Clara
Banning. Mrs. Arthur Brown. Mrs. Homer
Craig, Mrs. Edwin de Golia. Mrs. George E.
Edwards, Mrs. Hugo , Abrahamson, Mrs. S. T.
Alexander. Mrs. George W. Dornin. Mrs. E. J.
Barrett, Mrs. Henry Bratnober. Mrs. S. M.
Gllman. Mrs. A. W. Burrell. Mrs. E. T. Hen
shaw, Mrs E. A. Heron, Mrs. C. S. Chamber
lain, Mrs. William ClUt. Mrs. R. W. Gorrill.
Mrs. Wallace Everson, Mrs. John Tule. Mrs.
Quincy A. Chase. Mrs. Wlllanl Barton, Mrs. V.
B. Huntley, Mrs. E. C. Farnham. Mrs. Frank
lin Bangs, Mrs. Frank C. Havens, Mrs. Fred
erick Charles Cllft. Mrs. Charles i. Deering.
Mrs. W. B. Dunning. Mrs. Charles Egbert. Mrs.
Charles E. Cotton, Mrs. William Angus, Mrs.
C "VV. Armes Jr.. Mrs. George E. F&irchild,
Mrs. Albert Urown. Mrs. F. F..Barbour. Mrs.
J. A. Bliss. Mrs. II. A. Butters, Mrs. Hugh
Hogan. Mrs. John L. Howard. Mrs. G." W.
Cook. Mrs. George W. Kelley, Mrs. W. 9. Bax
ter Mrs. O. C. Kirk. Mrs. E. B. Sanborn, Mr».
J. J. Scotchler. Mrs. W. X. Kleeman. Mrs. H.
1). Lathrop. Mrs. Paul Ix>hse, Mrs. Charlea
Button, Mrs. R. W. McChesney. Mrs. M. F.
McGurn, Mrs. J. M. Merrell. Mrs. E. M.
Walsh, Mrs. .Frances Weston. Mrs. E. A.
Whitaker, Mrs. Laura Wight, Mrs. A. L.
White, Mrs. Alexander Young. Mrs. E. B.
Stout, Mrs. J. E. Emery, Mrs. E. R. Folger.
Mrs. Horace Hussey, Mrs. William J. Lan
ders, Mrs. George W. Percy. Mrs. A. Schilling.
Mrs. Rober'. Moore. Mrs. J. M. Nelson, Mrs.
J. C. Wilson, Mrs. Mailer i-earles. Mrs. F. J.
Horswill. Mrs. \Y. T. Vettch, Mrs. J. P. H.
Dunn, Mrs. Alexander Marx, Mrs. A. M. Itos
borough, Mrs. M. J. Keller, Mrs. Prentlss Sel
by. Mrs. William S. Snook. Mrs. G. M. Stolp.
Mrs. Oscar Lunlng, Mrs. Harry Smitn, Mrs.
Charles L. Smith. Mrs. Edwin Taylor. Mrs.
William Moller. Mrs. S. A. O'Neill. Mrs. H. A.
Powell. Mrs. E. Remillard, Mrs. J. H. Wil
son, Mrsj'l. L. Requa. Mrs. W. F. Burbank,
Mrs George Chevalier, Mrs. John T. Roberts,.
Mrs. Clark L. Goddard. Miss Loretta Kirk.
Mrs. Giles II. Gray. *}Irs. Nora Ryle. Mr?. W.
E. Sharon, Mrs. James Moffitt, Mrs. J. J.
Valentine, Mrs. John A. Britten, Mrs. A. Mc-
Cartney. Mra J R. Burnham, Mrs. Edward
Barry, Mrs. David T. Curtis. Mrs. David T.
Gage, Mrs. -Irving Lewis. Mrs. Donald T. Ea?t
land. Mrs. T. J. JIcManus. Mrs. W. A. Scbroclo
OAKLAND, Dec. 10.— The tnnual Fabiola
Calendar tea. which will take place at the
Chabot mansion next Monday, will without
doubt be a brilliant affair and net a fine profit
for the enthusiastic ladies in charge. An
attractive programme Is being arranged for the
afternoon, promising features being a short
sketch written by Miss Sevilla Hayrfen, one of
Oakland's clever society girls, and songs by
Miss May Coogan and Mrs. J. H. Dieckmann.
It will be a rare treat for the public to hear
Mrs. Dieckmann once more, as she seldom
sings outside of the circle of her Immediate
friends, although she Is the possessor of a de
lightful soprano voice. #
Mrs. Chabot will be assisted in dispensing
the hospitality of her beautiful home by a
large reception party, including many promi
nent society women. Those who will serve on
the various committees next Monday are:
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
The Rev. Dr. George C. Adams of the
First Congregational Church Joined
in the discussion. Before adjournment
it was decided to hold the next meet
ing of the association at Park Congre
gational Church.
After the election recess was taken
and the delegates and many of the con
gregation, more than 100 in all, accept
ed the hospitality of the ladies of Beth
.lehem Church and sat down to a re
past in the Sunday-school room. The
ladies who prepared the dinner and
waited on the guests were: Mrs. G.
Christie. Mrs. H. Tubb. Mrs. Neil Wal
ters. Mrs. R. Davis. Mrs. Siebert, Mrs.
A. Kromroy, Mrs. P. F. Peterson, Mrs.'
W. It. Walker, Mrs. C. Anderson, Mrs.
Fiddes, Mrs. Robinson. Mrs. Jameson,
Mrs. Mary Burbank, Mrs. W. P. An
derson, Mrs. J. A. Hollars, Miss Flor
ence Anderson, Miss Anna Peterson
and Miss Florence Stewart.
'The topics discussed later in the
evening were "Secret Prayer,',* by the
R» v. James K. Harrison, and "Conse
cration," by the Rev. Carl Sinclair.
On the motion of the Rev. Dr. Pond
it was unanimously resolved as fol
lows: "That this association observes
with deep interest the movement to
ward a union of the three denomina
tions that have suddenly discovered
that they have almost" everything in
•common, the United Brethren, the
Methodist Protestants and the Congre
gationalists, and we will heartily re
joice in the accomplishment of this
union in any way which involves no
infringement of the liberties of the
churches."
The following were then elected to
serve on committees:
Home missionary committee, one
member for three years— The Rev. Dr.
I. C. Meserve. Membership committee
of five members, for one year— Rev. Dr.
Meserve (chairman). Rev. J. Rowell,
Rev. T. J. Earl, Deacon W. W. Chase
and Deacon D. Gilbert Dexter.
GATHER AT FESTAL BOARD.
FAVOR CHURCH CXIOX.
The Rev. James K. Harrison, the
Rev. I. C. Meserve; D. D., the Rev. H.
A. Lurkenbock, the Rev. Mr. Earl and
other clergymen took a lively part in
the discussion, the trerd of feeling be
ing strongly toward the proposed union
of the church.
The Rev. Mr. Rader protected that
the church should never lose herself
as the church; she must not, he said,
become a theater nor a club, but must
rtand out with all her own attractive
personality. #
MUST "GO AFTER PEOPLE."
The Rev. Joseph Rowell followed the
Rev. Mr. Rader, and gave it as his
opinion that "they had to go after the
people."
The Rev. Dr. Pond as an example
showed the results of reaching those
who gathered in small number at the
mining camps for worship and with
influence of preaching how the congre
gations grew and the gospel was
spread.
Music and song in the church found
a powerful supporter in the Rev. Mr.
E. L. Walz of the Fourth Congrega
tional Church. He believed, he said, in
the blessed power of music to uplift
and bring people nearer ' to God.
The Rev. Mr. Wall supported the
musical pan in the service* of the
church, but the Rev. Mr. Rader main
tained the ground that, while it was
well to put themselves in an inviting
attitude, there should be no resort to
conspicuous attraction to the church.
The Rev. Dr. W. C. Day read a paper
on "The Proposed Union of Three De
nominations," paying that consolida
tion was th? spirit of the age. Dr.
Day considered that even where
marked differences occur it was a fact
that without any forelock toward this
adjustment the churches were drift
ing toward each other.
The Rev. Huber Burr was chosen
moderator and the business of the
meeting began.
After the meeting of membership
committees the Rev. William Rader
discussed "Going to Church" in a man
ner that was admitted to be strong and
jvell considered.
Among- the reasons, he said, -why the
people go to church might be men
tioned the historic Influence of the
church . itself. People, said Mr. Rader,
trent to church because of personal
need. He eaid also that the change in
belief which eliminated fear from the
ology had something to do with church
He considered that the
"new thought" had alienated many,
and that nearly one-half of every com
munity was influenced by Oriental
ideas, which he claimed controlled
church attendance.
By far the largest gathering that has
been known at the annual meetings of
the San Francisco Association of Con
gregational Churches and Ministers as
sembled yesterday at Bethlehem
Church, Twenty-fourth and Vermont
streets, the object being to elect certain
officers and hear discussions from the
clergy and reports from all the churches
of the Congregational denomination of
the city.
The plans of the Realty Syndicate in
regard to this property are not stated.
It is said that they want the water
rights, which are valuable. But it is
also intimated that the syndicate may
have plans for securing a franchise for
an electric road through .:ie new tun
nel, which, wpuld then make the. "Fish
Ranch" a valuable piece .of property.
But whatever the plans, this purchase
augurs well for the development of the
Contra Costa side of the hills, which
has so long been on a sidetrack.
The roadside saloon is now kept .by
a man named Moraga, a son of the
original Moraga who owned all of that
country and after whom Moraga Valley
was named.
The "Fish Ranch" is now nothing "but
a roadside house where the thirsty
teamsters that haul hay and-graln and
fruit through the new tunnel into Oak
land stop for a long glass of sharp
"steam." Occasionally a party on its
way to a "bulls head" at Walnut Creek
will stop at the old resort, but there
are no more fancy dinners, and where
once flowed champagne the humble
whisky of commerce is the best that
finds its way down the throats of trav
elers.
The "Fish Ranch" is a very famous
piece of property, and gives its name
to the main road between Oakland, La
fayette and Walnut Creek, which road
was at one time the stage road that
connected tide water on San Francisco
Bay and the interior of Contra Costa
County. The place was just exactly
what its name indicates, a "fish ranch."
There Is a live stream on the property.
It flows all the year round. This was
one of the best trout streams in the
Contra Costa hills, and was discovered
by sportsmen who made their head
quarters at the ranchhouse on the
banks of the creek and the road from
Oakland. When the trout were nearly
gone the owner bethought himself that
he could grow fish, and this he did.
The little stream was fitted with
ponds, fish ladders, hatcheries and all
of the necessary appliances for raising
fish of all kinds, and from that day the
property became the "Fish Ranch."
From that day the place also became
a resort where the wealthy people of
San Francisco drove for the purpose
of enjoying fancy fish dinners, and the
proprietor of the place made no small
amount of money by cultivating fine
fish and selling, them to the wealthy
persons who wanted to regale their
friends with a fancy dinner, and an
outing for a day or two. In the lively
days of San Francisco, when the Corn
stock was in full blast and fortunes
were made in a day and spent nearly
as quickly, the "Fish Ranch" thrived
and made a fortune itself.
But the elory of the place has long
since departed. The ponds have been
destroyed by the winter rains and have
not been repaired. The fish ladders are
broken ..nd in disuse and all the fish
that were not eaten have escaped down
the creek only to end their lives on
the hook of some angler. Even to this,
day there is occasionally caught in the
waters of the little stream a descend
ant of some of the fish of high degree
that escaped during those wild and
early days.
The famous "Fish Ranch," on the
Contra Costa side of the hills back of
Oakland, has passed into the hands of
the Realty Syndicate from the posses
sion of Mrs. J. H. Olive, the widow
of the original owner of the place. The
property contains about 500 acres and
the sale price is said to have been
$30,000.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Dec. 10.
. Although the proposed fowl ordinance
was sent from the Board of Health to
the City Trustees. Dr. Kate P. Van
Orden of the sanitary body, who has
been credited with promoting the meas-.
ure, denied to-day that the idea of such
an enactment .was original,, with her.
She says that -it wa^first .'suggested by
a City Trustee, who," for reasons best
known to himself, did not desire to lead
the crusade against, the chickens.
When the proposed ordinance comes
up for action at the next session of
the. City Trustees it is expected that
there' will be present a large number
of champions and opponents.
BATTLE IS IvOOKED FOR.
Another petitioner requests that the
ordinance be so amended that it will
prohibit the maintenance of rabbits
and pigs within the city limits. Still
another wants the restrictive law to
apply tp Thomas cats. This citizen,
who signs himself "Charles A. Towles,"
asks that steps be taken by the City
Trustees to exile from the island forever
all meowing felines of the male per
suasion.
A. H. Ward, capitalist, residing at
723 Paru street, is leading the fight for
the banishing of fowls from Alameda.
In explaining the reason for his op
position to chickens he informed the
City Trustees that the aroma arising
from a poultry yard near his home
soured the milk in his pantry, and also
the tempers of the members of his
household. Ward would have the keep
ing of poultry in the municipality made
a misdemeanor.
One correspondent, whose letter .will
be read at the next meeting of the mu
nicipal legislators, favors the running
of hen coops with wide open doors, and
asserts that if anything is to be closed
by ordinance it should be the saloons
and not the chicken-houses. The writer
holds that any one whose conscience
is at ease can sleep coundly with a
rooster chorus all around the neighbor
hood.
ALAMPDA, Dec. 10.—Communica
tions — serfous, comic and otherwise —
addressed to the City Trustees rela
tive to the proposed fowl ordinance,
which if passed will practically pro
hibit the keeping within the limits of
the municipality of crowing roosters,
cackling hens, quacking -ducks, gob
bling turkeys, hissing geese and cooing
pigeons, are being received daily at the
office of the City Clerk. Not even the
agitation that attended the drafting of
the ordinances granting two local rail
road franchises to the Southern Pacific
Company stirred residents as has the
measure regulating feathered bipeds
that is now awaiting final action by
the City Trustees.
OPEX DOORS FOR COOPS.
The daughter has now brought suit
to have the court make Mrs. ¦ Barnes
make another deed.
It Is alleged that Mrs. Barnes gave
the property to her daughter, but put
the deed Into the hand3 of J. Meyer, a
real estate agent, with the understand
ing that, in case -of her death Meyer
should place the deedon record. One
day, after the mother's marriage esca
pade with Barnes, she went to see
Meyer and told him she would like to
see the deed, as she wished to make a
change in it, and when it was given
her she put it into the stove and de
stroyed it.
The trial of the suit of Mrs. Julia Z.
Hayes against her mother, "Mrs. Anna
B. Hughes-Barnes, who gained consid
erable notoriety by trying to reform a
prisoner In the County Jail by marrying
him, was begun before Judge Ogden to
day. The daughter Is endeavoring to
make her mother redeed to her a piece
of property at Twelfth and Jeffer3on
streets.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Dec. 10. ¦.
Through the medium of a printed card
the" sad news was conveyed to the fac
ulty members of the University of Cal
ifornia to-day that there Is not enough
money to cash the salary warrants for
the month of December. As thl3 la
the first time in fifteen years that the
university's treasury has been empty,
the information came as a shock, car
rying with it that aggravated feeling
that often goes with poverty. Unless
eome arrangement can be made with
some financial interest there will be a
total lack of Christmas presents in
Berkeley, and the glad cheer that usu
ally goes with the holidays will be en
tirely wanting.
The dearth in the treasury was caus
ed by the failure of the State officials
at Sacramento to send any money,
which means that at this late day
there will be none at all. As It takes
$33,000 a month to pay the professors
of the university, it Is easy to see that
there will be no one willing to ad«
vance that sum, even for a month.
President Wheeler and the entire
teaching staff are sufferers by th«
omission.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
214S Center street, Dec. 10.
This Place Was Once Famous
for the Cooking of Mem
bers of the Finny Tribe
Woman's Attempt to Reform
Prisoner, by Marrying Jlim
Has Shaken Daughter's Faith
Failure of State Officials to
Send 3Ioney Likely to Create
Financial Stress in Berkeley
Says Church 3Iust Rely on Re
lijrious Attractiveness and
Must Not Become Theatrical
,Somc of the Communications
Received by Clerk Bear Marks
of the Joyous Josher
REV. W. WADER'S WARNING
TRUSTEES GIVEN ADVICE
RAILROAD RUMORS FLYING
BEGINS A jMqXI ACTION
TREASURY SEEMS EMPTY
Alameda Ndys; Rent by Move
' ment Against Cats, Dogs and
Rabbits as Well as Fowl
Eer. E. Walz Maintains That
the Power of Son<r [Brings
Peo])le Nearer to Almighty
Old "Fish Ranch" in Contra
Costa County Is -Purchased
l>y the • Realty Syndicate
University Professors Get Xo
Money With Which to Buy
Their Christmas Presents
Xow Mrs. Julia Z. Hayes Wants
Her • Mo.ther, Mrs. Hught-j;-
Barnes, to Make Another
CHURCH MUSIC
IS DEFENDED
NOTED RESORT
CHANGES HANDS
WAR EXTENDED
TO QUADRUPEDS
DEED THROWN
INTO THE FIRE
FACULTY GOES
WITHOUT PAY
ENGAGING EASTERN DOCTOR SETS
A RAPID PACE IN LOVE MAKING
Gardner Howell, New York Physician on
Globs Tour, Weds Miss Edith Bash of
Berkeley After Four Days' Courtship
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. FRIDAY. DECEMBER II, 1903.
"Our cities are better paved than
yours." said an Easterner, to : United
States Senator Wcldon B.' Heyburn of
Idaho.' "Yes." was the reply, "plenty of
flags under your -feet, but not near so
many over your, head as out our way." -
OAKLAND, Dec. , io:— Ex- Warden
Thomas Wilkinson; pi Folsom prison
has decided to, make his home in this
city. He was- in Oakland with his
daughter yesterday and told his friends
that he intended to reside here perma
nently. . • ; .. ,"•
Will Reside in Oaklnnd.
OAKLAND, Dec. 10. — Charges of
disturbing the peace against. Joseph
Ellison were dismissed to-day in the
Police Court. The men from 5 Minne
apolis have resorted to the civil courts
to settle their troubles, which led to
arrests.
Dismiss Police Court Charges.
Ah Bung King, a Chinaman, was
cut. with a cleaver last night on Du
pont street, ; near Pacific. He was
treated at the Emergency Hospital for
several scalp wound?. Lee Qng, Ah
Chin and Chan Hoy were arrested and
their names' placed^ on the ; detinue
book V at > the City ; Prison '- pending an
investigation of their connection with
the 'assault' •" • •' : '"'-l.:'-''
Chinese Victim of Thugs.
..... .-'.-. Thursday. December .-10 —
Slmr Neweboy, Adlcr, 64 hours from San
Tedro. - '
.SAILED.
Thursday. December 10."
Ktmr-Jas Dollar. Thwingr. " Seattle.
Stmr. Czarina. Johnson >Coos Bay.'.
'OUTSIDE. BOUND IN. 12 MIDNIGHT. <
Schrs I Sailor Boy, : San • Buenaventura. Tran
sit Soquel. Sophie ¦ Chrlstensen, Lizzie Prien
and Volant and bark Roderick Dhu.
;,; ¦ " * ¦•.••:, DOMESTIC PORTS. ~ . .
COOS 'BAY— Sailed < Dec - 10— Schr Fannie
Adele. for -San -Francisco .' i '¦ Ji mi ;|l*m||| |
ABERDEEN— rArrtved Dec 10— Stmr New
burg, hence ¦• Dec',7: ¦-.¦•¦'
: . Sailed Dec 10— Stmr ¦ San ¦ Pedro, for > San
¦Francisco. •¦¦¦'¦''..- . »' ,.••/' '¦
4
HEW : ADVERTISEMENTS* "i-j: :
NO ACCIDENTS IX NATURE. /£
Every Calamity. No Matter How
Great, Has a Definite Beginning.
There' are no accidents in nature.
• The avalanche that without a mo-
ment's warning rushes headlons down
the mountain side Is not an accident. „
For years orevloun tiny atoms have b*er»
crystallizing a^J adding their minute 1 wftstht
to the mass which left Us base whrn-lha ac-.
cumulation reached i» certain point. •_-* •• .
Neither is baldness an accident. Thn' 'in-
flniteslmafly »mall serm which Is 'the emaaft
of Dandruff anti Baldness feeds silently .'and
Ion*. before tho rrsiijt to seen. . »••.?
The small terms which thrive on the wVatp
and -which are the cause of Baldness and Dan-
druff cannot exist, however, when N'ewbro s
Herplcldn la applied.
Eolil by , leading druggists. Send 10c In
stamps for sample to The Herplctde Co., De-
troit. Mich. , . •¦
CASTOR I A
Pox Infants and Children.
The Kind Yon Have Always Bought
Bears tho /^* ¦// <o?^ - -j?.. "
Signature of (-&ia<*7Z J<£&^uA£Countess Itusscll Secures Divorce.
LONDON. Dec. 10.— Half an hour's j
hearing in the divorce court to-day.
officer. . Both King and Poston were
widely known, the former being the
author of "King's Digest of the Laws
of Tennessee." Up to the final trial and
sentencing . of King, factional feeling
ran high, and on the night the con
victed-man was taken from Memphis
to Nashville, - friends char
tered a special train and endeavored to
overtake King with the avowed pur
pose of lynchinghlm. -•-¦-«'-,
sufficed to secure for Countess Mabel
Russell, who sued her husband, Wil
liam Brown, a former coachman, for
divorce, a decree nisi. The Countes3
testified to the cruelty and misconduct
of Brown, who married her in Decem
ber. 1902. under, the title of Prince
Aphrobald Stuart de Modena, alleg
ing he was a Bavarian nobleman.
¦ » ¦
OLYMPIA. Wash.! 1 . Dec. 10.— The case of
H. St. John Dlx. who was extradited from
England one year a to for. wreck Ing the Scan
dinavian-American Bank of Whatcom. of which
he was president, was af flrmeil to-day by tha
Supreme Court and Dix will serv« MS y*ax9
in. the penitential*.
¦NASHVILLE, Tenn., Dec. 10.—Col
onel ; H. Clay King- died to-day in the
State where,; since Aug
ust; 1,' 1890," he has .been : serving a life
sentenceVfor the murder, of _ Attorney
David V H. Poston, in .Memphis.' The
murder "grew' out of. litigation against
King by 'Poston "for 1 Mrs. Gideon
Pillow, wife of the famous Confederate
Well Known "Attorney of Tennessee
Who Was Serving: n Life Sentence
for . Murder Passes Away.
COLOXEL CLAY KIXG ,DIES
IX A STATE PEXITEXTIARY
. Bulgaria corresponds' in area'.to Okla
homa and in "population to Missouri.' -
We have on exhibition a fine line of
framed pictures, showing all the new ef
fects in Flemish. Old Dutch nnd ebony
frames, with tinted mats to match; all
the' newest .pictures in Copley prints,
platinum, sepia and water colors., Oood
goods and moderate :price3." Sanborn,
A'ail & Co., 741 Market st. •
For Christmas Gifts
LONDON, Dec. 10.— Lord Stanley of
Alderly died to-day of pneumonia. He
was born in 1827 and was educated as
a Roman Catholic, but later he em
braced Mohammedanism.
1 . .
Lord Stanley Dies of Pneumonia.
GALLATIN, Texas, Dec. 10.— Colonel
Robert Meek died to-day. He .was su
perintendent of the Chesapeake and
Nashville Railroad and was at one
time associated with the late Collis P.
Huntingdon.
Death of Colonel Robert Sleek.
NEW YORK, Dec. 10.— Passengers
who arrived in New York to-day on
the White Star liner Oceanic, ; which
reached the bar on Wednesday night
too late to dock, told stories pf great
seas that • climbed aboard the big
steamship in .the first three days out
from Liverpool and of some of 1 the re
markable things they did.
One big wave reached into the smok
ing room on the second day out and
took a good-sized jackpot.' The poker
game was drowned out on Friday
night. It was at its most interesting
stage, with about $65 in the pot, when
there was a rush of water through the
open portholes. Several barrels of
brine were poured over the surprised
players and the flood washed a Jack
pot and the chips from the table. The
players bolted to escape another, wet
ting. Afterward they recovered some
of the cash and after getting, into dry
clothing they resumed the game.
Among those who came gn .the
Oceanic was Commander Booth-Tuck
er of th'.? Salvation Army, his daughter
and his secretary, Captain Wright.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Invades thc Smoking-Koom of
an Ocean Liner and Washes
a Jack Pot Off- the. Table
STOCKTON, Dec. 10.— At to-night's
session- of the JLeague of California
Municipalities the subject of beautify
ing cities was considered. 'Mayor
Clark of Santa Cruz made the opening
address and was followed by Mayor
Olney of Oakland, .who gave some very
good suggestions. Councilman Dreeo
of Petaluma told.in an interesting
manner the way in which that city had
been improved, and City Attorney.
Brown of San Jose made some general
remarks.
At the. morning meeting a lively dis
cussion was precipitated by Mayor L.
O. Stephens of Fresno, he having sug
gested in a paper on- '^Purchasing Mu
nicipal ¦ Supplies" that every city
should have a purchasing agent ap
pointed by the Council. ¦¦-While.- his
plan met with some opposition from
those who were against the one-man
power, it found much favor. A motion
was made to indorse the plan, but a
sub-motion that it be referred 'to a
committee to report 'upon it at the
next annual meeting of the convention
prevailed. Chairman. Clark appointed
Stephens of. Fresno. Ing of Sacramento.
Quinn'of Watsonville, Drees of Peta
luma'and Brown of San Jose. Secre
tary Mason expressed the opinion that
in, years to' come a purchasing
agent for all' the cities of the State
would be located at San Francisco.
* "Such a: man," he said, "should re
ceive $20,000 a: year, hut he would, be
worth it ; . he .would save ¦ that much to
the cities "in fire hose alone." ,
\A paper by' Mayor Snyder of Los
Angeles, advocating .'•_ crematories >for
garbage', also provoked considerable
discussion, most of the delegates favor-
Ing -theVplan... 5 v \ \
, Chairman -Clark- appointed 'the fol
lowing to nameUhe various -standing
committees :.i Stephens of Fresno, ¦ Mc-
Farland of Riverside/ Coburn' of Eu
reka, Roberts of .Santa ; Cruz. -Williams
of Stockton, 'Keegan of Santa Rosa
and Clark *of Chico.
League of 3Iunicipalities Hears
Sug-g-estions About the Adorn
ment of Streets and Buildings
?
Germany has but 2117 miles of electric
car lines.
CITY BEAUTY
THEIR THEME
POCATELLO, Idaho, Dec. 10. —
James A. Campbell, a returned Klon
diker. worth 550.000, was killed in
Rabbit Creek Canyon yesterday by a
load of poles tipping over with him.
Returned Klondikcr Is Killed
WAVE DISTURBS
A POKER GAME
The general said the belief prevailed
In Servia that Austria would outwit
Russia and that Austria was now se
cretly preparing- to occupy Macedonia.
This extension of A'ustrian influence
in Macedonia was greatly dreaded in
Servia. Meanwhile Bulgaria was
steadily preparing for war and had re
cently received 50,000 Mannlicher ri
fles and large quantities of munitions
of war.
VIENNA,' Dec. 10. — General Tzont
cheff, the Macedonian leader, to-night
left for Paris. He will later go to Lon
don and it is probable that he will
visit the United States. Interviewed to
day he said he thought that war be
tween Turkey and Bulgaria next
spring was inevitable, and that Servia
would co-operate with Bulgaria. He
said that the scheme of reforms in
Macedonia formulated by the Austrian
and Russian Governments and formal
ly consented to by the Porte was
doomed to failure.
General Tzontcheff Predicts
Trouble Between Turkey and
Bulgaria During; thc Spring
AUBURN, Dec. 10. — Mrs. H. J.
Crandall, who was the oldest woman
ln Placer County, died at Auburn last
evening. She was 91 years, of age, and
had been a resident of Auburn since
1851. _,
Pioneer Woman's life Closes.
STOCKHOLM, Sweden, Dec. 10. —
A. F. Edgren, dean of the University
of Stockholm, Is dead here. For many
years he was dean of the graduate
school of the University of Nebraska,
and left the United States for Sweden
eighteen months ago. He was the
author of several textbooks.
Noted Educator Passes Away.
Former Naval Commander Able Dead.
PHILADELPHIA, Dec. 10. — Com
mander Augustus Able, U. S. N., re
tired, died at his home here to-night
of paralysis. Commander Able en
tered the navy in 1860 and served
throughout the Civil War. In 1864
he became a chief engineer and was
retired a few years ago. ' ;¦; '
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 10. — Frank
Mathews, a carpenter. 39 years of age,
died suddenly this morning while sit
ting in the Golden State Hotel. He
had been in ill health for some time
and recently returned from a San
Francisco hospital. Dr. C. G. Simmons
certifies that death resulted from
heart disease.
SarramtMito Mnn Dies Suddenly.
Rear Admiral Bancroft Gherardl, Re
tired, Passes Away at Stratford.
STRATFORD. Conn.. Dec. 10. —
Rear Admiral Bancroft Gherardi, re
tired, died at his residence here to
day.
Rear Admiral Bancroft Gherardi
was born at Jackson, La., November
10, 1832, and entered the navy as a
midshipman June 29. 1846. He served
on the Ohio, with the Pacific squad
ron, until 1850, when he entered the
Naval Academy. He became master
and lieutenant in 1855; lieutenant
commander July 16, 1862; command
er July 25. 1866; captain November
9, 1874; commodore November, 1884,
and rear admiral August, 1887. He
took part in numerous engagements
during the Civil War. He was retired
from the service in November, 1894.
Pioneer Resident Dead.
OAKLAND, Dec. 10.— Miss Eliza Ann
Perkins, a pioneer resident of this city,
died at her home Tuesday. The funeral
was conducted to-day, by the Rev.
Dwight E. Potter, pastor of the Union
Street Presbyterian Church. The pall
bearers were all sons or grandsons of
the deceased. Mrs. Perkins has been a
resident of Oakland ever since 1860,
having crossed the plains immediately
after the close of the Civil War. She
was a native of Missouri, where she
acted as soldiers' nurse during the war
of the rebellion. ,
DEATH OF NAVAL OFFICER.
He was decorated with the Legion of
Honor. He published a number of
works on the origin of postage stamps
in England and a history of letter post
age from its most ancient use to our
day.
He was a member of an automobile
club, the Cercle du Boise de Boulogne,
the Polo Club, the Cercle de la Rue
Royale, the Sporting CIuD and the
Union Artistique. He was also a mem
ber of the board of directors of the
Northern Railway Company. He leaves
a wife and one child.
Baron Arthur de Rothschild was born
March 2S, 1S51. He was one of the
founders of the Union des Yachts
Francais, of which he was first vice
president. He did much to render
yachting popular among Frenchmen.
and as owner of the Stella, Eros and
Eros II was long 1 a familiar figure in
international yachting.
LONDON. Dec. 10.— A disnatch to a
news agency from Monte Carlo an
nounces the death there to-day of
Baron Arthur de Rothscliild.
BELIEVES WAR
IS INEVITABLE
Congregation Decides to Recommend
Rev. J. J. Hartley for Appointment
as Bishop of Columbus, Ohio.
ROME, Dec. 10. — The meeting of
the Congregation of the Propaganda,
which was postponed from Monday to
enable all the Cardinals 111 Rome to
be present at the Advent scrr.ion, was
held to-day. The Cardinals present
were: Vannutelli, Mathieu, Agrliardi,
Satolli, Pierottl, Martinelli, Steinhu
ber, Delia Volpe, Segna and Gotti, the
last named presiding.
The congregation decided to submit
to the Pope for approval for appoint
ment as Bishop of Columbus. Ohio, the
name of the Rev. James J. Hartley of
Steubenville, Ohio.
CARDINAL* GOTTI PRESIDES
AT MEETING OF PROPAGANDA
Baron Arthur de Rothschild
Dies While Visiting
A\onte Carlo.
DISTINGUISHED YACHTSMAN
WHO DIED YESTERDAY AT
MONTE CARLO.
At the United States Marshal's of
fice it was paid that a capias would be
issued for Richards and sent to the
California, district for service.
rr.ore than 200.000 acres. Richards is
paid to be the largest cattle buyer and
owner in the world and is rated as a
man of immense wealth. During the
rummer he has resided on his ranch
near Ellsworth, Nebr., and in the winter
at Santa Barbara, Cal., where he is now
living.
Billings further testified, according to
published reports, that he paid Lowe
$400 and later J. C. Mitchell was ap
pointed to succeed him. Billings testi
fied that the $400 was returned to him
with the statement that Mitchell had
been recommended on his paying a
larger ptim.
Bartlett Richards, one of the indicted
cattlemen, has a range extending over
The indictment against former State
Senator Lowe contained two counts,
and charges conspiracy to violate sec
tion 1781 tf the Revised Statutes by con.
spiring to bribe Senator Charles H.
Deitrieh by acting as intermediary in
the payment of $400 in consideration of
which J. B. Billings, who at the time of
the alleged transaction was postmaster
at Alma, Nebr.. was to receive the rec
ommendation by the Senator for reap
pointment. One of the counts charges
the payment of 5100 and the other of
5300. The evidence on which Lowe was
indicted is said to have been given by
J. B. Billings, former postmaster at
Alma. It was to the effect that when
he applied to Senator Dietrich for re
appointment he was told that State
Senator Lowe had been given the privi
lege of naming the postmaster at Alma
and that a recommendation from Lowe
would receive his (Senator Dietrich's)
indorsement.
OUTBID BY A RIVAL.
The foreman of the Grand Jury said
to the court that it would later have
a supplementary report, and it is said
that this addition will include several
more indictments of prominent ranch
men, and also one against a former
State official, who is charged with hav
ing disposed ot a considerable amount
of Government military supplies with
out making a report of the disposition
of the money.
MORE INDICTMENTS COMING.
OMAHA. Nebr.. Dec. 10. — The United
Ftates Orand Jury, which has been in
\estipatins the postoffice bribery cases
and the alleged illegal fencing of Gov
ernment lands in Western Nebraska,
to-day made a partial report to the
court, returning twenty-two indict
ments. One is against former State
Senator Elliott Lowe, charging bribery
in connection with the appointment of
a postmaster at Alma, Nebr.; ten are
against ranchmen, charging illegal
fencing, and the others were Indian
rases, mostly of a minor character.
Those against ranchmen include true
bills against Bartlett Richards, presi
dent of the Nebraska Land and Feed
ing Company; W. G. Comstock. vice
president of the same company, and
Secretary Charles C. Jameson, all of
Ellsworth. Nebr., and former State
Senator Frank M. Currie, a cattle
owner of Broken Bow. Nebr. The seven
other indictments are against ranch
men of Cherry and Ouster counties.
Queen Alexandra, . who displayed
the utmost composure, remained with
Miss Knollys near the fire until she
was assured that the household fire
brigade had prevented the fire from
spreading. . -
King Edward, who is at Elveden, Suf
folk, was advised of the occurrence.
LONDON', Doc. 10. — A fire occurred
to-day in Queen Alexandra's bedroom
at Sandrinsham.
The Queen was asleep at the time,
but was awakened by Miss Knollys,'
who raised an alarm. The flames
spread rapidly and considerable dam
age was done before the fire was extin
guished.
It is reported that Queen Alexandra
had a narrow escape. . Miss Knolly3
was awakened by "the smoke in her
bedroom, " which is immediately below
the chamber occupied by her Majesty.
She rushed upstairs to the Queen's
apartments and aroused her Majesty.
Both the Queen and her secretary, who
were clad only in dressing gowns, es
caped from the burning room not-, a
moment too soon, as the floor of the
Queen's apartment collapsed almost Im
mediately, carryingi-with it her Majes
ty's bed. The fire was confined to the
two bedrooms. It is said that the
blaze was caused by an imperfectly In
sulated electric light wire which ret
fire to a boam between the celling of
Miss Knollys' bedroom and the floor
of her Majesty's apartment.
Floor of Burning Apartment
Collapses Soon After the Es
cape of the King's Consort
Inquisitorial Body Also Files
Accusation Against State Sen
ator Charged With Bribery
CALIFORNIA* IS INCLUDED
ALABM AT SAKDRINGHAH
Federal Grand Jury "Returns
Bills Against Xebraskans
Who Fenced Public Lands
Light Wires Start Blaze in
Alexandra's Bedroom and
Considerable Damage Is Done
CATTLE KINGS
ARE INDICTED
FIRE DISTURBS
QUEEN'S SLEEP
INTERNATIONAL
YACHTSMEN LOSE
A NOTED MEMBER
THE SAN' FRANCISCO GALL,- ¦' FRIDAY, DECEMBER ¦ n, 1903.
5
>oo©e»ooe«GO0©©o©«e©99©©©Goo©GO3oooo{5®eo©©©oaoooso«oc©®©eo3»o39©ooi
i In excess of lesral requirements volnatarily deposited with the
! CALIFORNIA STATE TREASURER
! vUIijEH V All V C LirE lliJlllliinwL- vu#
I" f TH- MOST SUCCESSFUL :
I Insurance Commissioner \
) • ' ; l V- ¦-. ¦ \ SAN FRANXISCO. October 6, 1903.
» I hereby certify that the CONSERVATIVE LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY, a corporation or-
J ganized under the laws' of thc State of California, has heretofore deposited in this office, in accordance
J with the provisions of Section 618 of the Political Code of this State, in trust for, and for the benefit of
I all the policy holders of ¦ said Company, securities of several denominations and descriptions particularly
) set forth and described in the schedules signed by me; and that said securities have been deposited
I with the State Treasurer of the State of Cali^rnia, and remain so deposited. And that said securities
? arc. in my belief, of the full value of
I ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND DOLLARS
* >^*fJn7"**^ This deposit is made in addition to those made to secure the reserve
> S^^'JiMkiJif/ZS. on registered policies, as provided in Section 634 of the Political Code.
! ' /a&^Sr'SWV IN WITNESS WHEREOF. I have l.ereunto set my hand and affixed
j /Stf j$*p\ f^, v^\ ie sca ' ol m^ o ffi cc > l^c clay and year first above written. [
I -;, v INSURANCE COMMISSIONER,
> See the New Registered Combination* Life, Accident and Health Policies.
I A GALIFORNIA COMPANY
Jnrri pro 230 Montgomery Street and 110 Gearv Street, San Francisco.
> UrriuL.v Abrahamson Building, Oakland, and Ochsner Building, Sacramento.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I fifes! Beer
Always the Same Good Old Blaiz
®Vim, Vigor, Vitality for Men
MORMON BISHOP'S JEILLd
h«v« be«n la use overatty
year* by the leaders of th«
Mormon Church and their
follower*. Positively cure to*
woret cases in old and young
arisins from effects of seir>
• tu»f. ClMipatlon. excesses or
cigarette tmoking. Cure Lost
. Manhood, I it. potency. Lost
Power, Nlcht Losses. Ir.«am-
r.im, Falas :a Back. Evil Desires, Lame Back
Kervous Debility. Headache, Unfltness to Mar-
ry. Locs at Senwn. Vaxlcocele or Coa-
•tlpatlon. Ktop Ner *** MM vous Twitching of
i;.v«!;d*. Effects are J^Jz^ Immediate. Impart
Mfior and potencjCCi»T»to every function.
lji.n"t get despondent, a cur- Is at hand. R«-
nore «r.all. undeveloped organs. Stlmulats
Iba brain and nerve centers: 50c a box: « for
$2 00 by mall. A wrl'.ten guarantee to cur« or
money refunded with C boxe*. Circulars fre«.
Addr»f.s BJ£HOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis St..
Fan Pranrlvco. Cal. GRANT DRUG CO.. di
end «0 Third «t.
HfielpleasTPBysical end Financial toScrno looger ¦
BForisfomwtioa. write SAN LUIS HOT SUL-H
KTHUR SPRINGS, SAN LUIS OSISPO. CALJ3
THE EMPOBITTBI •'¦•' I THE EMPOBrOU I THE EMPOBIITM | THE EMPOBrTJM
California's *&**(*' r * Christmas Gifts
Grandest Holiday *&£&1U/20&UtfL. ' for. Everybody at
CALIFORNIA-S LARGEST- M -^jg—m *m—— -^—^ ' 1TV * '' j." / C? A. T\ •
Shopping Place '• iijiwiwi" 1^^!!^^ grandest store Dept. btore Prices
A Series December Sales I 20% off
Gift Things at Cut Prices Any Piece of
The Winter. Clearance Sale, of women's suits and cloaks. ¦ ' FunHtUPB
All furs now one-third off regular prices. Except Kitchen Furniture
Choice of our. furniture at tiventyper cent off. ¦ ' \ g V '_^ J « i^
A Wonderful Holiday Sale' of gold and silver ivaiches. UBMtia
Ebony-back^ silver 'mounted' toilet articles half price. ' . — «• fftghg* &£i.
Immense Sale of little boys' sailor suits. J£.W& 9 MJtG&m &*#
A Christmas Sale of Liitie Walking Suits $14.95
Boys' Sailor Suits Many Good Styles s/PTD
ip^L . If thercis one style of boys* suits that our Clearance Sale in December &£&£&
'^^ juvenile department is particularly strong on— ""\*5
Jfe=^#s * *u 4. -i. t_ ¦ • ne fc^ the good things 1.1 our annual winter ccar- _ —^O^xjf
fjfjfcd**; tnat it has Won a great reputation With — it's Sailor ance rale of th; surplus stocks of iuit« an! cToaks, vZtJV V^F^v^V
ffKl\.*} svits. We have made a special feature always of " h ' ch . w ! l ; "\ H***. a mon ? " rl r ?"" °' u ti?A > tiCvl Vi \
I u rU/ ., . '. . . line o.* Waking. Suit; wo th op to $J7-5°» w h :cl » *£/£%. 1.8 / h^r*\
W\^WJ>i Sa S ' aimin « t0 kee P the best gOO d S and the have b:cn nurked do»n to J14 9v sW : H 7 Jm \
0M largest variety of styles in the city. We sell u Thfs: lu :" are mid= of v e m t* n doth, etamine, WJ >f* [ WMX \
' ¦- W JFmf^Vl ' ' m ' - chevots and fancy mixtures. The colon are reaj, 'mw #VAV|-| '^«\ \
•F 3 " /l\ 7V mOre Sailor SUltS than all Other Styles put together blues, grayr, brown, grsen and b'aclc. Th; partkuUr
a{ \p-/n ™i n f aturaii - v ; man / c short lots accumiiiate ' «p c - Ltrr^wShtth; t&M 1^* I iW vwV i
n^^sm y aflcs ' ycars * ¦ with silk ' thc cjffi and ntck uimmed with sttch:1 1 1 r I \%*J)
1 Wsr "illh^ •¦ - In order to preserve a well balanced stock gray silk and fancy b-aid. instrp length wa kin; skut I & I 11 jy/\i«^7^ /
1 9^ ' LJim vve have taken all of our sailor suits in the is uri:i " e ?; f i:s 3rc aU 1*$.. 93 Wl\ i'Aimlt
foWlsh^ above sizes (3 > 4 and5 y ears >' and ™ rcmi " — -*¦-&** ij JJMm
¦ B fm *Wl3i great holiday offering have marked them at Other Suits that were $21.50 to ufSflt^n W
W m' ¦ \BS prices considerably b^low actual cost. , $500.00 $10.03 to $150.00. If' //J \M^
& vk 1^1 These suits come in genuine blue English Coats -that wera $18.50 to $225.00 JV'/f // /
JT Mm ser 2 es ant^ fancy cheviots, and are produced • now $9.50 to $75.00.-* /? 'I it* h
t/ J=~fr- 1 by J% e ?^ makers in New Ygi k - A S cs s , Fub*s One - third /^-1 1 I
$9 and $10 suits now $6.50 ' j Off a '^f/jWh\\ \
$7.5.0 ahd $8 SUitS nOW $5 Choice of any Neck Piece or Fur ¦ // >jjf tlh A )
$5 and $6 suits now $3.45 . * <UJlJ'~^
Holiday Perfumes The Holiday Book Store Men's Holiday
10c to $1.50 Offers Boys' Popuiar Series 39c Furnishings
Exquisite packages cont«in:ng high The kind of stories that all boys like. Amusing, instructive, .^ e c . atcr "f 1 " 1 ot taste zn f- d j s "
grade perfumes/ loW price,, Be'ow &^^^^^^^^^^^^ T^' cZ^ SZZ^
Oir.rd Hi- Imported extneti, all the po P u ar Howard. Midshipmr.n Marmaduke Merry (The) lower prices than exclusive fu«'.ihen would
, r ' , Boat Club (The) Oliver ODtlc — Kingston. ask you.
l£oz. put u? in I, 2or3iib3r,bo:tl»..^5o Boy Cmsoea — JefTerys Taylor. Paul tSe Peddler — Horatio Alger Jr. Fa*h;onable Bath Robss . . &3.£Qto Sf5
1 oz tottie" • SOf 5 oy Tar < The > — Captain Mayne Reid. Peter tlxe WHaler — \V. H. G. Kingston. Flannel Pajima*
„".... ' -¦•--•• •y^±Y Brave aad Bold — Horatio Alger Jr. Peter Trawl — W. H. G. Kingston. o# «ro cO.Oil and
2 or - boctlc S1.9U By Engrland's Aid— G. A. Henty. . TJiil the Tiddler— Horatio Alger Jr. ' ' * *»•»*'# *f»**V *«««O
California Violet Water- On: in box .25c 5 y 5?t an - 2 yke ~* Q< A * Hent >- »an Away to Sea— Captain Mayne Madras ani Oxford Pajimis
H . r . . o . - .. By Bijrht of Coaquest— G. A. Henly. Roid. . Sf.50, $2 ,S>O to $3.50
Handsomt Easlmms Patk25es— Containing Captain Bayley'* Heir— G. A. Henty. Robinson Crnice— Daniel Defoe. r ,. . c «"•*'"#«<»*••*"* «***»%*
a cakej of sea?, bottle of vio.et water, bctle Catmur's Cave— Richard Dowling. * Shore aad Ocean— W. H. G. 'Kingston. fcnglah Square NecJtwsar. .... • - • ••
«f extract SOc CU1 S> c " mber (The)— Captain Mayne Silver Ship (The)— Leon Lewis. SOC, St.OO »i StmSO
.. . . u .."" ~" ."¦'"*.*"*/ J Reid. Slow aad Snre — Horatio Alger Jr. Full D ess Prjtectors.
Kirks Hobday Package — i bottle of extract, Cruise of the Snow Bird (The) — Gor- Strive and Succeed — Horatio Alger Jr. *«»•«-» *r» '.'*jm j «c nn
i bo:tle of toi et water, i box sach:t pow- _. --don. Stables. Strong- and Steady— Horatio Alger Jr. •• 92m5U 9 $3*2 f ** nd "5^,"™
j. r nn n Diei Cheveley—W. H. G. Kingston. Swiss Family aobinson— Montelieu Men's Reefers $1..GO to $4*00
a " * v OUO tot the Temple— G. A. Henty. . and Wyse. <•-,. «• mtmAm =h« t n «JC tin
Kirk's Luxuria Extract- 1 ounce bott'e in Prom Powder; Monkey to Admiral— Three Years at Wolverton— A Wolver- 8 "™ * • ' '' * U ° 9 Z?H?
box EDO - V. FL G> Kln ? ston - • tonlan. . Men's Gov:s . . . . $S mOO to &2.0O
',.''„' '¦>' '' ' ' ' * ' :.T Hendricks. the Hunter— W. H. G. Tom, the Boot alack— Horatio Al*er Jr. _^__^___«. _«__
Krks Holiday Perfume — Box containing i Kingston. Try Again — Oliver Optic.
sachrt and 2 bottles extract. . . . . 35o l n JL rCe^r°«^' S C .^ e ~^ 'Y lr ° r l t >'- Try aad.Trust— Horatio Alger Jr. Sx3*OfiGrieS"-"3mCUUOS*S
Baskets conta'rine i bottle oer'um-rv I» «»• Wilds of New Mexloo— George Under Drake'. Plaff—G. A. Henty. *** ***»€•• m*SS* J.tl|HUJ O
Baskets contaning i bottle per.um.ry. . f VO -Manville Fcnn. Uncle Kat— Alfred Oldfellow. jr«./##a v*»-ri
Baskets containing i large bot. perfumery 25o In Times of Peril— G. A. Henty. Way to Success Alfred Oldfellow. rrtOay aMM *L<aiUJ*ZMay
Perfume A'cmztn— Boheman gasi . 2SO Jame « Braithwaite— W. H. G. Kings- Whistler— Walter Aimwell. • p,,^ c eamery Butter lb /.*•." 26c
Other Styles SOC, 7JC.,. $I.OO, //.PJ, Jerry— Wnltcr Aimwell. W1 Gordon e stab"s.' ROmid th * p0l *~ Java and Mo:ha Coffse.' best,* Jb. *. . . 29O
$1.50. Joe Nichols— Alfred Oldfellow. with Lee in Vlralnia— G. A. Henty. J M ,_., M ... H -: nT '. or Awnr-'i H> 1Kt*
PfiiunJn Mnin F/»r,r Life at Sca—CJordon Stables. With Wolfe in Canada— G. A. Henty. «m-e Meat - Heju • or Atnsnr- s IX . ffi©
. Kotunda Main tloor. Lion of St. Mark (The)— G. A. Henty. vounr Carthag-enian (The)— G. A. N:./ Fancy Mixed Nuts, lb. .. . . . ISO
-mmmmmmmm. __«_._____ e .i_ ItlOU Of the North G. A. HoiltV. . HfljtV »,•••»' L- .. f » rj, — . It. <n.
-, 9JL -. . ¦ Wt«o taylltao-Ollver Optl«. y To^ng iiplorer (Th.)-Gordon Sta- M«u. . New E«t Cram-Cheesr.lb. . fgo
BJOn t rOF*£&Gt ne RaacJl < The > — Captain Mayne bles. ' New Importrd Smyrna Ftp, 1 i>-coxrs . 20O
,. ' mm- 'mm JT' ™*^' Youngr Va?abcna (A)— Z. R. Bennett. Extra Port, Sh^ry or Angelica, gal...5/.O5
We nOiWay a m Encyclopaedia or Wit and Wisdom. Famoui Whi-kles-McBrivcr, Hermiugc, Old
mm,- ,^ m « -T t A collection of over nine thousand anecdotes anj initiations of life. -character. tv ,, I-.,,,,,..!,,, R^Knn •»! «4 OJS
VwatCh SSIG humor and mthos !n ,00 classifications; amusing instructive an.l relUIcus «. „ o er Keller or ktntuclwy Bourbon, .jaL.^^Oo
**•**" -by Henri' Hupfeld. Hound ln cloth. Over 10OO pag^s. Special price ZSlmsiO Assorted Cordials— Creme dc Alenthe, Rom
Fifty-one styles of solid of «=SSS."SS3r^f 5555!SSS l . 1 Sft 5SgMiS iv^S .^ta^^?." 0^^ 111 -^ °L5S to - v -^ 5nf - c^«— 7So
CrnlH Ci'ivpr anH tro'H flil^H Brewer. LL. D. Regularly $2 50; our special price 9fiC Brandy, pure grape, bottle
gOia, Silver ana gO.a Illiea special Sale of tittle Masterpieces. [ \ . • 65o, 75o, St.OO
WatcheS at a- little mnre A 'special in little masterpieces, being th»> choice selection of the following ~+r\^ ADricot Brandy— Choce after-inner cordial,
wav^in-sJ «l ix intiv. uiuiu authors. Each bound in English cloth. Regu:ar 50c. Social for 2%JC 85C
th^n VSo 1 f ' DeQulncey Hawthorno Lamb Franklin Poe Thackeray -. " * n ,"• j r-1 \' '^m'^jme^.
Uldll lldll. Irving Carlyle Lincoln Macaulay Ruekln Wcbner Best Eastern Boiled Cider, bot.. 25c, 4- SoREDD1XG, Dec. f0-— By accidents at
Lamoine to-day one man lost a thumb
and another a toe. Tom Ellis let a
heavy steel rail fall on his thumb.- The
member was cut off clean. Ellis went
to his home in Oakland. Tom Lofton
started hunting and rested the muzzle
of a small caliber rifle on his foot.- The
gun went off; so did the big toe. '
Men Arc Injured by Accidents.
General Isaac Kahn, Persian Minis
ter to Washington, is expected here in
a few days with a party of friends to
await the coming of the |p rand. Vizier
of the Shah of Persia, wiio' with his
suite is on his way from the Orient
and is due here on December 21. '
The Washington Government has al
ready advised the local secret service
agents, of the coming pC the distin
guished, visitor and instructed them to
see to his safety while "here and en
route to Washington. The Grand Viz
ier's party will be piloted over the'
country by Jules Clerfayt, local agent
of the Trans-Siberian Railway, who
will go to Reno to meet Minister Kahn
on his way West. »
Persian Shah's Representative to Re
ceive an Ovation When He Ar
rives From'tho Orient.
MINISTER COMING TO
WELCOME GRAXI) VIZIER
. Judge Cabaniss dismissed the case
"of. assault. against Gustav Marx of 3034
Fulton street, who had smashed the
.'cranium' -of . Thoma^ , .Hines * of 1807
•Hai^ht _ street with a heavy, kerosene
lainp,'WhHe that gentleman was a bid
den,guest of .the ..Marx, household one
flight last week.;,.
It was shown thai Marx and Hines
were old- friends when they met' on the
street and that, in 'the course of con
versation,. Hines Temarked that he had
$180 in his possession, and was rather
afraid to go home alone because of the
possibility of ' being waylaid and
robbed. Marx then' invited Hines jj to
spend the night at his house, and the
invitation was gratefully v acepted!
Before : 'retiring, Hines 'turned ' his
money over to Marx, with a. request
that It; be concealed where burglars
would be least likely to find it if they"
should mvade the'domicile, and Marx
decided that the safest '- depository
would be under the pillow of the Marx
Couch'.' So there it was placed, ; in "full
sight of and .with the entire approval
of Hines. : ; v
Some time during the night Mrs.
Marx; was' awakened by a. hand
groping under her pillow, and she
awoke her hflsband and, in affrighted
'Whisper, asked If the obtrusive hand
were .his. He wiispered a'^ negative
and at the. same, time grasped the
hand with one of his own, while; with
the" other he snatched " a . lamp from v a
table at the bedside, and with it eimed
at \thV place where he calculated 'the
head of the owner of the imprisoned
hand might be. His calculation, was
correct. The lamp crashed upon a
skull, and when a light was obtained
it shone' upon Hines,- weltering, as the
yellow-backed novels say, in \ his ! gore.
When ¦ the • customary restoratives
had resuscitated , Hines hs proceeded
to' have his host arrested for, assault,
and - incidentally 'accused him of
making away with a . portion ' of 'the
money intrusted to his keeping. '•[/ In
court yesterday he could 1 not- clearly
remember what; prompted him."to_ in
vade the. sanctity of the Marx sleeping
place while all was dark and still,': and
the court dismissed the battery. charge
and treated \ the accusation of robbery
as lacking'* sufficient substantiation to
justify Judicial action, or even to war
rant police inquiry. .
The Supervisors' Finance r Committee
yesterday postponed consideration of
the experts' report on irregularities in
the probate department until each time
as the experts will have, tabulated the
important items in their voluminous
report.
i:\oorts to Tabulate Data.
: -V: .'!! Yott .' really : rnust endeavor to sep
arate.xc-ur.seJf from the practice of car
rying .'deadly weapons concealed in'
your clothes." said his Honor. "Your,
plea that you acquired the troublesome
'pencha'nt.' while serving your country
by chasing! belligerent Filipinos has
been ffiven due consideration by this
court, "and. I may say that it has ope
.rated in ' your favor, for hero { worship
;is . not f yet, extinct' in this, republic. ' So,
.George; dp ; try, 1 for all our sakes/ to
'see; that you are .disarmed before you
go abroad.';' *•,¦...'->•
George' promised.
.George S. Kingv-a colored 'gentleman
Who at pistol j pointy compelled' Henry
"A. WV Clay; aisd'colbfed, :ta..asseverate
that he had never uttered. remarks in
disparagement' of the general worth of
Mfps Lillie Lampkin,, likewise colored,
Avas given twenty-four. hours in prison
aod; a' gratuitous lecture. by Judge Mp-
The Linemen's Union has filed a pro
test against the ; proposed ordinance
granting the Pacific Telephone Com
pany an extension of one year within
which to . comply with the ordinance
rc-quiring high voltage wires to be kept
s=o far apart as not to endanger human
life,- and the Supervisors* Fir-? Commit
tee will meet next Saturday *.o consider
the protest.
I^lncmen's Union Protests.
Deep anxiety again prevailsrin the
uptown offices of the Southern. Pacific
Company over- a report, to the.,, effect
that just prior to his. departure, for the
north with President- Harriman Gen
eral Manager Kruttschnitt issued in
structions to the principals of the va
rious departments of the road to pre
pare for him a complete list of all em
ployes who are eligible for retirement
under the pension rules of the com
pany. These reports have already been
passed to Secretary Worthlngton and
are awaiting the return of the general
manager from Portland.
It was stated yesterday by one of the
prominent officials of the road that
the lists include very nearly 100 names
of. employes who have reached or
passed the ,age limit. The pension
board of the Southern Pacific has not
held a meeting for a number of months,
a fact which is attributed to the fre
quent and prolonged absences in the
East of General Manager Kruttschnitt.
While . recently in this city President
Harriman one day asked Kruttschnitt
how the pension system was working,
and received the reply from his general
manager that for reasons stated above
he had not had time to give it the at
tention it deserved.. Harriman sug
gested that the matter should not be
neglected any longer than possible, and
the following day the order went forth
to the various departments. It is ex
pected that the pension board will
meet in a few days and the threatened
lopping off of heads is what is now
worrying the faithful old .employes of;
the company. . .
aianagcr- KriUtscunitt /Vsks .for Names
of Employes Eligible to. Southern
Pacific Cominmy's Retired Force.
IIAUKIMAN ritEPARIXG TO
SWELL HIS PENSION ROLL
LISBON. Dec. 10, — King Alphonse of Spain
arrived here to-day and was welcomed at the
station by Kins Carlos and a striking gather
lnt? of Prlncea. Ministers. Peers, Deputies and
naval r.nd inltitary officers.
Two sturdy looking vagrants, booked
as William Ledworth and H. G; Tug
mane, were given thirty days apiece
by Judge Mogan for begging on the
streets, and they appeared to relish the
sentence as they were taken prison
ward.
"These chilly nights," soliloquized the
court, reflectively, "are quite a disap
pointment to the brakebeam tourists
who have come from rigorous climes
to- winter in our usually . glorious
weather, and to preserve San Fran
cisco's reputation abroad as aTiiarvel
of all-the-year-round climatic salubrity
it is fitting _ that we should make, our
uninvited "guests comfortable -while
they-i are in our midst. While those
two gentlemen for whom I have. Just
provided^refuee during the cold spell
are big^and strong- enough^ to wx/rk for
a .-livlnif they evldenily have not be
come inured to 'the toil habit— if they)
ever acquired ; jt— and, as. I have said,
we Cdnnot affibrd -.to;darna^|*our clty'3
'widespread fame --f oK;boih v . hospitality
and perpetual su'hshine;'.' a- •
STEUBENVILLE, O., Dec. 10.—Fif
teen persons were injured and Frank A.
La Salle of Indianapolis was killed to
night. when an j east-bound Panhandle
express train ran into a freight locomo
tive on an open switch at New. Cumber
land Junction. The injured will re
cover.
One Killed: Fifteen Injured.
Will of MUlionalre to Be Contested.
BOSTON, Dec. 10. —The will of the
late Gordon McKay of Newport, R. I.,
who bequeathed several millions to
Harvard University, will be contested
by Nettie S. Abbott, a distant relative
in New- Hampshire.
Makes Contract With Beet Growers.
LAMAR,. Colo.. Dec. 10.— Henry T.
Oxnard, on behalf of the American Beet
Sugar Company, has accepted the acre
age of the Lamar Beet. Sugar Company
and made contracts with more than 400
growers in this vicinity to grow more
than 6000 acres of beets for a term of
five years for a factory at Lamar. The
factory will be the largest in Colorado
and it is understood will cost $1,000,000.
GREENSBORO, Ga.. Dec. 10. — Hal
T. Lewis, formerly Associate Justice of
the Georgia Supreme Court, died to
day, aged 56. As a delegate to the Chi
cago convention in 1806 he nominated
William J. Bryan for President.
Well Known Jurist Posses Away.
Four soldier boyfi accused of. burglary
lent variety to^the'color scheme of the
"pen" in Judge Mogan's.-co'urt.. They
were registered as . Privates Ivan Er
nest, H. Romer, Harvey ¦ Ernest • and
Charles P.'.Herring.'ahd their examina
tion . develope'd the fact that the two
Ernests were of one parentage. - It : was
shown that some time during the. small
hours of yesterday the uniformed quar-'
tet wrenched the doors from a Pacific
street shooting gallery, entered the es
tablishment, picked up two rifles and
were walking off with the property
when a policeman overhauled and
gathered them in. ¦ It was also shown
that the boys .were intoxicated at the
time and that they seemed to look
upon the burglary more in the light of
a practical joke than as a willful fel
ony. These two facts were probably
taken into consideration by the Judge
when he continued the cases until Mon
day, by which \time the 'military au
thorities will have been communicated
with.
: Miss Earclay denied that she was the
person sought, but her identity was
fully established by her baggage and
in other ways. , Sh^ was going to San
Franciscoi\.where she said she would
find work. ,_>Miss Barclay was made the
goiefct of the marshal's family and dur
ing. th«;<iay, upon pretense of taking a
walk for exercise, she made an attempt
to escape by walking several miles on
the railroad track, j She was recaptured
and now awaits the arrival of her fath
er ;oh .train;. -
< Miss Barclay admits that she ran
away home some time ago and
donned boy's" " clothing, "being away
about two weeks and creating a sen
sation Jn her home city.. She disclaims
any intention of wrong doing further
than to be adventuresome. She is a
person of culture and- refinement and is
preposessing in appearance. ¦
Special Dispatch to The Cal!
•SAN LUIS . OBISPO, Dec. 10.—Six
teen-year-old Bessie Barclay, daughter
of Attorney H. A. Barclay of Los An
geles, was detained in this city this
morning about 12:30 o'clock upon the
arrival of the train from Los Angeles
by City Marshal W. G. Johnosn, upon
the request of the young woman's
father.- . . -f >.*¦*
Tfcere is a woman confederate with
the who acts as a "stall." She
carries a large bunch of violets, which
the thrusts against the victim's face,
apparently by accident when the car
CJves a lurch. The movement is later
tjuderstoofl by the victim when he dis
covers his stud missing. On the ferry
boats coming from the Oakland race
track t manv gems and watches have
been -stolen, and the same is the case on
Market and Kearny streets, where
crowds congregate. Many of the pick
pockets who have been found on the
Ftreets have been brought to the Cen
tral station, where they have been in
troduced to all the . policemen of the
city, and the latter have been instruct
ed to bring them to jail if they are
oe-ugrijt acting in ' a suspicious manner
in any crowd. , .
Last week two people were robbed
on Haight street. One of them was the
Tvife of a policeman. The lady was
standing fit the corner of Killmore
Flreet v.-hen thieves cut the chain that
held a cLatelaine bag while she was
holding it in her hand. A man well
known in fraternal circles lost a purse
containing $25 and eighteen fraternal'
buttons while riding: on a car.
Already property and coin to the
value of several thousand dollars has
been stolen, and there is the probabil
ity of a big clean-up during the holi
days. All the detectives have received
special instructions to keep ¦ a sharp
lookout for thieves, and several sleuths
ha\-e received no other detail for many
days. Notwithstanding the vigilance
of the police complaints have been
made from all rnrts of the city. People
ha\-e bees robbed on nearly every car
line in. the city, and tho crowds at
Golden Gate Park and the beach have
Buffered severe losses. Last Sunday the.
captain cf detectives detailed six of his
men to the boacn, with orders to arrest
all known crooks, but despite these pre
cautions several thefts occurred.
Pickpockets, and sneak thiev?s who
operate on street cars, ferry-boats and
in crowded thoroughfares are claiming
the attention of the detective depart
ment at the present timel Within the
last two weeks numerous crimes com
mitted by this gentry have been report
ed at headquarters, and the character
of the work leads the police to believe
that a gang of clever Eastern crooks
has infested the city.
Milton held up Gilleece" while he was
on his wayfrom his saloon at 31 Ninth
street to his home at 16 Eleventh street.
Gilleece thought it was one of., his
friends playing a joke on him, but was
disillusionized when Milton grabbed
him by the throat and struck him sev
eral blows on the head with a steel
bar. During the struggle Milton pulled
a revolver out of his pocket and-Gil
leece was isho't in the leg. Milton was
arrested by Policemen JCeohane .and
Slattery and attempted to shoot Keo
hane, but the trigger,* snapped. Gil
leece died about a month later. Milton
has a long criminal record and was
one of the Nolan gang.
In Judge* Cook's* court seven jurors
were secured to try the case of Frank
J.GrUndmariv charged with the murder
of Sheridan -H.' Chipman on March 24,
'and the ? other jurors will be secured
.'this afternoon.? He is represented by
Attorney Alford. Grundman went • to
the auditor'* office: of the Southern Pa
cific Company at Fourth and Town
send streets on the. afternoon of March
24 and asked to see Chipman, who was
employed as a clerk there. Grundman.
claimed that Chipman had debauched
his wife and begged him to go away
from the city so that his wife would be
away from his influence. Chipman re
fused and, it is alleged, used an offen
sive expression in speaking of Mrs.
Grundman. Grundman pulled a re
volver out of his pocket and shot and
killed Chipman.
Three murder, trials were' in progress
in departments 11 and 12 of the Su
perior Courts at the Hall of Justice
yest'erday. ; : In Judge Lawlor's court
the ''morning session was occupied in
impaneling a Jury to try the case of
Henry Milton,, alias George H. Lupton,
alias Larry 4n ex-convict,
charged with the murder of James
Gilleecfc, an aged saloon-keeper, on the
night of April 14. The trial 1 will pro
ceed on Monday morning. In the'aft
ernoon the closing arguments in the
case of Charles Sullivan,. charged with
the murder of Special Policeman Rob
ert A. Sample, were heard in. the same
court.
ROME, Dec. 10.— One of the strangest
of crimes had a most dramatic solution
to-day. A young man named Beretta,
a millionaire of Milan ahd a famous
sportsman, was invited by the Cheva
lier Angelo Vecchio, an organizer of
sporting shows, to his villa outside of
Milan on the pretext that he wished to
have Beretta examine some old pict
ures.
Once there Beretta was seized and
bound and obliged, with a revolver
pointed at his head, to make a will
leaving his fortune to Vecchio, besides
writing a letter saying he had commit
ted suicide. Vecchio then left the villa
after instructing an accomplice to
drown Beretta the next day In a bath
and carry the body far away from the
villa so as to give Vecchio a chance to
prove an alibi.
But the heart of Vecchio's accomplice
softened rtnd he set Beretta at liberty,
and Vecchio, who read in the papers
tha,t "his plot had been discovered, dls
j appeared. The police thought he had
i gone to America. It was learned to
day tha.t. Vecchio had committed suicide
by shooting while driving in an open
carriage on the famous Monte Pinco
drive.
•He was conveyed, to the Emergency
Hospital, 'where he died a few minutes
later. The deceased had worked for
twenty-seven, years at the: Western
Sugar Refinery, but during the last
four months hadbeen unable to attend
to his work.' He was being treated by
Dr. Gallwey for nervous trouble and
became very despondent when recovery
didnot come rapidly. ' /¦¦ > - •.—
Browning was 46 years old and lived
with his aged mother, his sister and;a
brother- , at 771 • Folsoih street. His
brother. is Dr. W. F. Browning, dentist
at-771 Folsom street. The deceased was
unmarried and had been a resident of
San Francisco all his life.
*Browning. had been suffering from
nervous, prostration for the last four
months and became despondent. To his
friends"an"d fellow. workmen at the re
finery he had often said that he would
commit suicide ; if he ever got an in
curable dlseasel ,?.' ' '
Yesterday morning about 11:45 o'clock
people in the vicinity of Scott' & Van
Arsdale's lumber yard,-;on Fifth street,
between Bryant and Branrran, were
startled by a 'shot. William Randall
and M. Waters rushed in the' direction
of ¦ the- report and discovered Brown
ing lying on the ground with a revolver
in his hand and a bullet ¦ hole through
the roof of his mouth. 1
.John N. Browning, cashier and freight
clerk at' the Western Sugar Refinery,
committed suicide yesterday morning
by. shooting himself through the head.
Old-TimOv Employe of the W'est
. ern Sugar Kefinery Concludes
v Existence Is Not Worth While
Woman Accomplice, Aimed
With Violets, Assists Her
Companion in Securing Studs
Heart of Accomplice Softens at
Last Minute and He : Re
leases the Intended Victim
Bessie Barclay of Los Angeles
Admits That She Has Stray
ed From the Fireside Before
Jury Being, Secured in Case
of F. J. Grundman Charged
With Slaying S. H. Chipman
CASHIER FOR MANY YEARS
' It was' then the court administered
to Senor Quiros the oath that pledges
him to abandon for thirty days a habit
of thirty years' standing.
When the Senora Qulros took the wit
ness stand ;. to give her testimony one
of the court attaches remarked that
shehad ;not come inUTcourt with clean
hands. His* Honor gallantly ignored
the objection in -its legal sense 'and
just as chivalrously declined to notice
the ample' material evidence to sub
stantiate Its literal phase.'
"If he could only be. compelled to
stop tippling," suggested the witness,
"I- think he would be a better husband
and son-in-law.'! - : •: . .
With his. right hand r.-iised 'as^h'igh
he could elevate it withyur remov
es; his feet from the floor. Juan B.
Qulros swore in adulterated Spanish
that for one month from the moment of
taking oath he would abstain from
tasting intoxicating liquid of any kind.
Then he was told by Judge Fritz, to
whom the pledge was made, that he
was dismissed from custody.
It was for persecuting his mother-in
law that Senbr Quiros found himself
participating in the procession of mis
demeanants that filed past' the bench
of Fritz. His wife was the complain
ing' witness- and -she testified that for
thirty years her spouse had been a/
devotee at the shrine of Bacchus, and
while under the influence of that jolly
god he made a specialty of disturbing
the tranquillity of his mother-in-law's
existence.
VAs there is'- radical conflict of what r
seems to be "reliable^ testimony.' in .thi& H
case," deereed the \ judge, "I • will take
it under advisement till, to-morrow." - :
"Can't you dispose of 'it: ndvv^" In
quired the defendant. v al^wjng^his
glasses to drop from -hisrios 1 ?.^. \.
"Nay, "nay," replied the court; '¦¦'¦'' v'=
Mr. Johnston gathered .up his law
books, adjusted his spectacles and sal
lied forth^ w>,' ;... ¦.,:¦' \y ¦
"I do," was the calm* resi>onse. :'¦¦ ¦-¦
Then, turning to the bench, Mr.
Johnston declared he had be^n "abused
frightfully" by the officer. Having once
served as a magistrate himself, he said
-Mndeed, having been chairman of ?¦a
board of London/maststrates— he would
ask if it were likely that .he would re
sist a policeman so" long as .that police
man acted within authority 1 l;No,
and again and again) ' ijo.f. :.Th<v fact *"ef
the matter, ¦ as. related by Mr, Johnston,
was that. while indulging inva' 1 , pqst"
prandial" stroll' on'" Keamy> : street 'he
saw the crowd and-realizing' thatfit dlfl
not represent an. .organized 'movement
he started in to obtain the nam£s of^ its
leading spirits) with, a' view tu prose
cuting them in the ! event that the pro
prietors of the.- boycotted "" establish
ment should decide, to urosecute.
"Then this poljceman Teams along."
said Mr. Johnston, - "and - abused me
most detestably.', . I' didn't refuse to
move on, but I' did 'protest against be
ing unnecessarily abused." : -\ '-./. .
A witnes3 named Stevens corroborat
ed the policeman's story to the extent
of stating that when he was ordered
to "move on" Mr. Johnston "got on hia
dignity." The defendant hoisted to his
nose a pair of gold-rimmed glasses and
•asked the policeman if he, the defend
ant, had refused to respect the law as
represented by him, the policeman."
"Oh, you got on your dignity and
wouldn't move," replied thA. complain. ,•
xnt. »* •"— ¦¦'
"Got on my dignity, eh?**You swear
* got on my dignity; eh ?f -. ) - ; ."
A hush fell upon the assemblage in
Judge Slogan's court when H. Digby
Johnston entered the railed inclosure
to pose in the dual capacity of accused
and attorney. His tout ensemble wa3
so widely at variance wiih the personal
make-up of the average Police Court
defendant or pleader that his stately
entree compelled admiration, as well as
curiosity. A tall, well-knit figure, cor
rectly coated, r trousered and booted,
with the upper portion of the frock coat
unbuttoned sufficiently to expose a sec
tion of faultlessly fitting vest and a
severe combination of snowy linen and
sable necktie; a face of typical British
roundness and ruddiness, flanked on
each side by a carefully combed gray
whisker of the style variously arid ir
reverently-classified as "Dundrearies,".
"mutton chops'," ¦ "sideboards" and
"sluggers" — that was H. Dig-by John
ston, former London barriste'r, now
practicing lawyer and naturalized cit
izen of the United States, as he faced
the charge of obstructing a public
thoroughfare entered against him by
Policeman John Kramer.
The officer stated that on Wednesday
evening his attention was attracted by
a crowd surrounding the entrance to a
clothing store on Kearny street, be
tween Bush-and Sutter, and the. cause
of its being, he ascertained, was a boy
cott of the store by certain dissatisfied
employes and the efforts of them" and
numerous sympathizers to persuade the
general public from purchasing goods
therein. While the boycott itself did
not call for the policeman's interfer
ence, the fact that those operating it
were obstructing the sidewalk induced
him to order them to "move on," an
order which was obeyed, he said, by all
except the defendant, who was nb less
conspicuous in the throng than 'in the
court. When the witness. attempted to
enforce his command by .clutching Mr.
Johnston's arm, that gentleman said,
in haughty tone, "Unhand me. sir,"
and with equal hauteur demanded the
policeman'3 number, raised his cane as
if to strike, and also uttered the words,
"You dirty dog." Whereupon he was
arrested and charged as hereinbefore
noted.
from the church-studded, city of Brook
lyn^ N-OYj,", whbf annoyed and assaulted
the'eniplpyes . of *a street shoe
store from which 'he had been dis
missed for. cause, appeared before Judge
Mogan'.for sentence, but he will not*as
certain" the exact, extent of that luxury
until this, morning. . . :
When he,, was arrested Phillips was
released *oh'$20 bail, and : when' the evi
dence \ against him was ..heard on
Wednesday, the . Judge ¦ increased;; the
bond $50 and ordered him? to. appear
yesterday morning'for sentence'." During
the interim, 1 however, his Honor learned
that the 'Brooklynite . had 'befen. more
offensive to his former ¦ f ellow ; workmen
than .had bejen originally and
when the additional testimony was con
cluded.'yesterday : morning, the amount
of the bond was, doubled. It looks like
"a hundred or.a hundred" for Mr. Phil
lips. : ¦ • .. ¦ . '
WORK OF EASTERN G.VNO
PREFERS DEATH TO JAIL
NEWS SENT TO PARENTS
SULLIVAN CASE CLOSING
Strange Crime Is Bevealed by
Italian Police When Noted
Sportsman Commits Suicide
John N. Browning Becomes
Despondent Over Continued
Sickness and Takes His Life
Jury Impaneled to, Try Henry
Milton - for * Killing: James
; Gilleece, Ag&L Saloon Man
H.' Digby Johnston, Arrested for Obstructing
Sidewalk Traffic, Defends, His Case and
Makes a Decidedly Impressive Figure
.Several Thefts Are Reported
Daily to. Detective Bureau,
bat Crooks A*oid v Capture
Sixteen- Year-Old Lass Escapes
From Her Home, bnt Is Soon
Found, on a Railroad Train
PICKPOCKETS
INFEST CITY
PLOTS MURDER
TO WIN RICHES
POLICE CATCH
RUNAWAY GIRL
PUTS A BULLET
THROUGH HEAD
MURDER TRIALS
ARE UNDER WAY
FORMER MAGISTRATE OF LONDON
IS DEFENDANT IN POLICE COURT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 11,1903.
S. A." Phillips, a recent "importation
California calendars in splendid vari
elr- gi'.utcr than ever before. The poppy,
poin.seUtn. and burnt: redwood are the
most popular, as usual: Our 50-cer.t cal
endara show best values in the city. San
born, \'aii & Co., 741 Market street.' •
¦ Some very swell wedding' Invitations -come
from Knowles. 24 Second street/ Main 508. • =
Oranges in Big Demand in the East.
TOPEKA, Kans., Dec. 10. — The
Santa Fe Railroad announces to-day
the shipment from San : Bernardino,
Cal., to the East the past three nights
of 225 carloads of oranges. The
Christmas trade is responsible, as
there is an. unprecedented demand' for
this fruit. The last consignment num
bered seventy-five cars.
Mrs. Ellen Nyhan,* for selling ardent
spirits without. a license, was given a
"sixty by sixty", sentence by _ Judge
Fritz. TYhich means, that if /Mrs. Ny
han fails to pay a .fine of $60 she wilt
be compelled to spend sixty days in
prison. . .• , 7 ,,
The complaint against , Mrs! Nyhan
stated that she supplied the bibulouisly
inclined' residents of the 400 block of
Clementina street with intoxicants, al
though she had no'- municipal '¦ permi t ; to
do so and < well knew that: by so doing
she was defying the law. and cheating
the city treasury.
6
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
A REED SHAKEN*
WITH THE WIXD
, , ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦
Without Will Power, Courage, Ambi-
tion, Enerjjy or Hope the Dys-
peptic Is Willing to Give Up
_ : . the Struggle.
The confirmed dyspeptic has as lit-
tle interest" in life as any human be-
ing. He is unfitted for its duties and
is indifferent to its charms. He is un-
able to enjoy the business and social
relations that constitute the life of the
average man. All his hopes are ab-
sorbed by the one hope to get well
and again be able to enjoy the good
things of life. Until this is realized
he is sick at heart and feels himself
to be of little use.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are "the
sufferer's tree of life. They will cure
turn and bring him health and happi-
ness Just as sure and certain as he
takes them. They are sure because
they are natural and no other cure
but a natural one is sure* They -act
on the food and digest it just as well
as a stomach would. They contain
exactly the name chemical properties
as the digestive Jluids of the stomach.
By putting Stuart's Dyspepsia Tab-
lets in a bottle or jar with any kind
of food, meat, eggs or vegf tables, with
sufficient amount of water,, the proc-
ess of digestion is carried out "just as
it is in a healthy "human. stomach and
in the same time. There is conse-
quently no unnatural disturbance of
the digestive organs resulting from
the use of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets.
They relieve the weak and worn out
stomach of its work and permit it to
rest, up and recuperate and regain its
normal health and strength,
' A • well known Buffalo physician
says: "I prescribe (Stuart's Dyspep-
sia Tablets on all occasions as a' re-
lief for weakened and run down stom-
achs. I find they contain all the in-
irredients necessary- for the proper di-
gestion of the food and will do more
to give the stoma-ch the- needed rest
than any medicine I could prescribe.
They have never failed .to give imme-
diate relief in ail my cases and. I do.
not hesitate to recommend them to all
stifferers *rom dyspepsia.*'
"Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are for
as le -byt a 11 •'druggists at CD cents a box.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE/
For Sale-North Corner!
Wake Offer.
THOS, MAGEE & SONS
5 Montsomerv St. <
( AJVEBTISEMENTS.
'¦/'¦¦¦ FOR JANUARY
formation. Hereafter
the magazine will contain not only the latest ideas covering
an immense range of styles of our own corps of designers;
artists, and writers, with illustrations by the most skilful fashion
artists, but it will also present the views of the present and
the prophecies for the future of this justly famous modiste.
The jFountain «of Youth Personal Beauty
to Attain and Presene it. By Dr. Grace Pcckham Murray. Fmely illustratccL - Th» series of twelve \
monthly articles will be a most practical help to The Delineator readers. ¦
..•¦•- ' • ¦ , •• -. .- , • ¦ • ¦ ¦ : "• - -- s
PARSIFA J * ow l^ e Op era Wca Written, by W. J. Henderson ; Reminiscences of the First Pe>
. ' formance, by.Gustav Kobbe. Illustrated from the only photographs of the opera ever
taken, and now published for the first time. A unique treat for the music lover. Just as interesting and in
another vein is SCHUMANN-HEINK AT 'HOME. ' - .
'- ¦ • ... .... % ' - _ . ; - ¦ .
THE EVOLUTION OF A CLUB WOMAN— Serial • ' '\
THE GOLDEN POPPY- A Slory by Jack London ' .5 '
' HOME MAKING WAITING AND SERVING
For practical fashion information of value; for the care of your person, the beautifying of yout home, the welfare <
of children; for every kind of needlework, and for good literature attractivery illustratccU'Just Get The Delineator.** v ,
. . . ' Of your newsdealer or any Buttcrick agent, or cf tKc publishers, at 15 Cents a copy. : $1 for an entire year.
THE BUTTERICK PUBLISHING COiMPANY, Ltd., 7 fo 17 Wot Thirteenth Street. New York
¦FREE— Anyone addressing the publishers will; be mailed free Mrs. Osbom's letter with illustrations. ,
Subscriptions to The Delineator ean be handed in ot any, of the fuIUnvirijr Buttcrick Agencies in 'this City:
; The Butterick Publishing Co., (Ltd.), 201 Post street.
'-; Weinstock,"Lubin & Co., Grant a venue. and Geary street.
I. :..- Cohen, 145 Sixth street. V - - ¦
J.^W. Eaton, ' $ 639 McAllister. street.
S. r M:\Cohn & Bra., 1305 Stockton street.
D. Lindner, 1730 Devisadero street. , ' , ... . ...
. SchoenholzBros. & Co., .' 2011-2013 Filhnore street
• ... -F. L. ;Waibel, . * ~ 3035 Sixteenth, street.STOCKTON. Dec. 10. — Articles cf Incorpo
ration of the Stockton Transportation Company
•were flgned In thla city to-day by ex-Governor
James H. Dudd. John E. Bud<J, Mr». L. M.
liudd. J. W. Glenn imd H. H. Griffiths. The
company has a cepltal ttock cf $100,000-, of
which JR5.000 ha» bo»-n subscribed. Th« com
pany will bcl'.d a steamer and three barges
to 1-, used in freighting in these waters.
• Umbrellas are to/ be very popular as
Christmas presents this year, -but the
faithful gas range will be far more pop
ular with the ladies- If it copies from S.
F. Gas and Electric Co., 415 Post sU •
Framing the Picture
Is sometimes almost as difficult as nam
ing: the baby.* You will find the task an
-easy one If you brtnp your pictures to us
and try the moldln gs and . mats , here. We
have so* many varieties of moldings and
such exquisite ones that a- satisfactory
selection is quickly made, Sanborn, Vail
&. Co.. 741 Market street. * .
Georgex King, the 1 3 -year-old . boy
who was .accidentally shot by Police
Officer Skelley last Sunday night, on
Howard street while the officer was
firing at Highwayman Harry Howard,
will recover. . The. news has been
hailed ~ with delight, as the lad was
the only support of a family of three
children..
George King Will Recover.
George Feakovich, residing at 777
Bush street, was accidentally shot in
the jaw last evening by Mirtle Iveta, a
fellow countryman. Both of the par
ties are actors. They were engaged in
cleaning several cutlasses in their
room on Bush street when Iveta play
fully took a revolver, supposed to be
unloaded, and pointed it at several
friends'who werepresent. As he cov
ered Fenkovich with the weapon it
v.-as suddenly discharged. The wound
ed man was removed to the Central
Emergency Hospital In the ambu-,
lance, where, upon examination, it
was found that thV bullet had frac
tured the upper jaw and lodged in the
muscles of the neck. The wound,
though painful, is not regarded as se
rious.
Accidentally Shoots Friend.
The California Promotion Committee
has issued the first number of a mag
azine entitled "For. California," which
has for its purpose the making known
of the resources erf this State. It is
illustrated. The co-tents include an
article by Governor Pardee on "The
Land of Opportunities," a poem by
Charles Keeler, an article on dairying
in California by William H. Saylor and
miscellaneous matter.
The committee announces that the
magazine will appear on the 10th of
each month, and that it will be de
voted to furnishing information to in
tending settlers outside of the State
and to encouraging interests at home
on the subject of development.
Purpose of Publication Is to Give In
formation to Intending Settlers
and to Stimulate Interest.
J. F. Lawless, • general manager of
the San Francisco Gas and Electric
Company, agreed yesterday before the
Supervisors* Light Committee to in
stall twenty lamps in Oceanside, for
merly known as "Carville," provided
no deduction was made in the bills
of the company during .December for
"outage" of lights. Gas Inspector
Tupper reported that he had deducted
S 336 45 for October and $409 32 for
November for lights that were not
lighted during those months, and the
claims were referred to the Board of
Works. Lawless said the outage was
caused by the cutting of wires for
house moving, which was not the
company's fault.
Lawless said the company would
place the twenty lights in Oceanside
immediately and would not Insist upon
the payment of the bills against the
city for power for the operation of
the elevators in the City Hall and Hall
of Justice, which, he claims, was not
included in the contract. The bills
for the year ending December 21 will
aggregate $3000 for this purpose.
San Francisco Gas Company Objects
to "Outages" and "Waives Claims
for Elevator Power.
AGREES TO IJGHT THE
"CARVIIiLE" DISTRICT
- Parcells ' Greenwood Co. (owners) with F.
Stotsser and A." Al Devoto as 'Central Iron
Worts - (contractors), architect NV J. Tharj>— '
Vault llnirgj In. basement for taf# <f«;ostt and
hank vault on flm • floor ' for building on E
corner ef Market and S«v-nth street*. 6E 1«5
by XE CC:o«4;.$lC0a- r.C . ..
Builder's Contract.
The police have five desperate char
acters in the tanks at the Central po-*
lice station who are wanted for a num
ber of burglaries committed in the city
within the past month. They are a por
tion of a gang of eight who have been
successfully looting stores and resi
dences, particularly in the North Beach
and Western Addition portions of. the
city. Detectives are searching for the
other three, and the entire gang will be
booked on several charges as soon as
fhey are landed behind the bars.
.Four of the men narrowly escaped
arrest about two weeks ago when they
were robbing Millar's butcher shop, at
Mason and Union streets. A police of
ficer was on the way to corral them
when a sergeant, not knowing what
was going on, blew his police whistle
and frightened them away: Detectives
Stephen Bunner and John Freel were
detailed on the case, and after an in
vestigation learned the identity of the
thieves. One of the men under arrest
is a negro named Cotton. There are
also three. Italians— Satori, Barbetti and
De Martini. The evidence against the
gang is strong and the officers are posi
tive of convictions.
Detectives Tom Ryan, Ed O'Dea and
George Mulcahy are scouring the city
for burglars, and acting under the or
ders of their chief are arresting a num
ber of ex-convicts who make their
headquarters on Third street. They ar
rested Arthur Jackson and placed his
name on the detinue book pending In
vestigation. Information was given the
police that Jackson is a bad character
and that he j has also been implicated
in many of the recent crimes. He- is
being ker>t in close confinement and his
record is being looked up.
Each night more burglaries are re
ported, and many of them are in the
downtown section of the city. Early
yesterday morning the saloon of A.
Otersen, at 35 Post street, was entered
by burglars and $50 secured from the
cash register. The thieves used a "jim
my" on the front door and made their
escape.
Detectives Breaking Up Gang
That Has Been Operating in
Citv for Some AVeeks
POLICE ARREST
FIVE BURGLARS
The roadway of Noe street, between
Seventeenth and Eighteenth, was rec
ommended for full acceptance.
The petition of John Garber for
permission to construct a basalt block
approach on Sansome street, between
Vallejo and Green, was referred to the
Board of Works with the recommen
dation that the petition be granted.
The petition for the construction of
sidewalks on Herman street, between
Laguna and Buchanan; for the laying
of a wooden sidewalk on Crescent ave
nue from Mission street to Andover
avenue and the calling attention to
the bad condition of the sidewalks and
lack of street light in the vicinity of
Fulton street and Second avenue, were
all referred to the Board of Works
for action.
* Tne committee ordered grades to be
changed on California street, between
Twenty-seventh and Thirty-third ave
nue, and on Xoe, between Nineteenth
and Twentieth.
The committee ordered a resolution
prepared requesting the Board of
Works to order certain street work
on Noe street, between Twentj'-third
and Twenty-fourth, and after Its com
pletion to order street work on Noe
street, . between Twenty-fourth and
Elizabeth.^
The Supervisors* Street Committee
yesterday requested information from
the Board of Works as to whether any
action had been taken to acquire from
.trespassers physical possession of Mis
sion" Creek lands which have been ad
judged to belong to the city. City At
torney Lane says the lands are free
from all claim of the Leroys, who have
begun another suit in the Federal
courts seeking to restrain the Board
of Works from acting, but the suit
does not purport to cover' any portion
of the land, the title to which was liti
gated in another suit.
Street Committee Asks Board of
Works About Trespassers.
MISSION' CREEK LAXDS.
CHINESE FISHERMAN WHO WAS MURDERED BY A HIGHBINDER
YESTERDAY, AND A HOP SIXG MAN WHO TRIED TO KILL AN
OTHER CHINAMAN. . . • \ . .
the action of the Supervisors in grant
ing spur track privileges.
Knocked Down by a Car.
Mandelin Danerle. a laborer, resid
ing at 58 Third street, was. knocked
down by a Valencia, street car last
night at the crossing at Battery street.
He sustained a fracture of the skull
and was removed to the Harbor Re
ceiving Hospital. He may die.
PROMOTION" COMMITTEE
ISSUES XKW 3LVGAZIXE
Detective McMahon says that Hor
Get ar.'l Low Toy belonged to the Wy
tong. which is favorably disposed to
ward the Sen Suey Ying tong, and as
the Sen Suey. Ying tong men are in
hiding the Hop Sing men have turned
their attention to the killing of the
Wy ton_ men.
In the same building are the head
quarters of the Hop Sing tone, which
was riddled with bullets by Sen Suey
Ying men on Monday morning. It was
evident that the room had recently
been occupied, as there were fresh but
ter and bread on a table. It is thought
they laid in wait for Low Toy and shot
him down when he appeared at his
door.
The Hop Sins men % who have been
in hiding since the shooting on Satur
day night, when one of their number
and a member of the Sen Suey Ying
tong were wounded, are again making
their appearance on the streets of
Chinatown, thirsting for blood. They
tried to kill one man and succeeded in
killing another.
About noon yesterday Hor Get, who
is employed in Quor.g On's tailor shop
at 922 Stockton street, was Ironing a
pair of trousers, when Ting Jew, alias
Jew To~. a member of the. Hop Sing
tong, appeared in the doorway and,
pulling a big revolver out of his pock
et, fired a shot at Hor Get. The bullet
missed its mark and Ting Jew was in
the act .of firing another shot, when
he saw some of the Chinatown .squad
running toward him. They had been
but half a block away.
Ting Jew ran to Washington street
and threw his revolver into a doorway,
where it was picked up by one of the
squad. He continued his Might to
Spofford alley, where he was overtaken
by two members of the sauad, Owens
and Earle. and placed under arrest.
He was taken back to" 922 Stockton
street end was identified by Hor Get
as the man who fired the shot at him.
He was then taken to the City Prison
and booked on a charge of assault with
intent to commit murder. He was ar
rested on Tuesday night, along with
Ah Wing, by Detective McMahon and
Sergeant Sylvester in Spofford alley
for carryins concealed .weapons and
was released on $100 cash bail.
Less than three hours later Low Toy.
a fisherman, who lived in a private
Josshouse at 737 Jackson street, was
shot dead, presumably by a Hop Sing
man. He had been coming out of his
room smoking a pipe, when two bullets
were fired ir.to his neck from behind.
They killed him instantly. Detective
McMahon, Sergeant Sylvester and some
members of the Chinatown squad were
standing on the corner of Stockton
street, and a Chinese shouted to them
that two shots had been fired in the
building at 737 Jackson street and they
ran to the scene. They found Low Toy
lying dead on the floor, face downward,
with two bullet holes in the back of
his neck. A thorough search was made
of tlie building, but no trace of the mur
derer could be found.
Some time next month John S. Part
ridge, who was authorized as chairman
of the Republican local convention to
appoint eighteen members at large to
the new Republican County Committee,
will announce the appointments.
J. W. Carmany, W. M. Macconald.
Jcseph Simor.son. Dan T. Cole. Frank
W. Marston. Joseph Spear and William
Morns, who were recently elected as
a nominating committee of the Union
League Club, will meet to-morrow night
and proceed with the work of nominat
ing a ticket. It is the common impfes-
Fion that Colonel George H. Pippy will
be nominated for a third term. Follow
ing is a roster of club presidents since
the organization of the league: W. H.
Chambcrlin (two terms), 1SSS-90; Wen
dell Easton. 1SS1; Albert Castle, 1892;
Samuel M. Shortridge. 1«?3: William
Macdonald, 1S94; Samuel W. Backus,
1S?5: George Stone, 1S3C; Robert A.
Friedrich. 1S97; Tirey L. Ford. 1S5S: N.
P. Chipman. 1SS?; A. G. Booth. 1S30;
G«»orpe D. Clark, l?01; George EL Pippy,
It is expected that Arthur G. Fisk.
¦who was recently appointed Postmaster
cf San Francisco, will succeed the in
cumbent. W. W. Montague, early i:i
January. Mr. Fisk has arranged for
the F?:reties on his official bond, and im
mediately on receipt of the bond from
Washington the sureties will qualify.
Bernard D. Murphy, who has served
hi? country as State Senator. Bank
Commissioner and president of the
MonticeHo Club, and who is now chair
man of the Democratic State Central
Corruuitt^e, was In the city yesterday.
H*t_?ktd politics in the open with
James O'Brien. There is talk in the
Democratic camp that ex-Governor
Budd and James V. CDleman will at
tend the Democratic National Conven
tion as delegates from California.
BONDS ARK READY.
Democratic politicians who are in
c!ose touch with the Fire iJepartment
ere looking around for a man to take
the place formerly filled by ths late
Sam Rainey. At a recent mfeting of
interested politicians at the office of
Colonel Herbert Choynski the opinions
of George Maxwell. Billy Ortelli. George
Ryan. Billy Kennedy of the Forty-first.
James Flynn, Ed Graney and others
were freely expressed. Maxwell and
Graney advocated the immediate or
ganization of Democrats in *very As
sembly district of the city. Sam Rainey
was an effective organizer in a Quiet.
e_sy-»cing fashion and it is recognized
that it will not be an easy task to find
a man who can handle the work just as
Ilair.ey handled it.
LOOK FOR LEADER.
Award cf patronage under the in
coming administration of municipal af
fairs is engaging the attention of pol
iticians. John J. Greif, County Clerk
elect, attended a meeting of the Re
publican organization committee at
the headquarters of the United Repub
lican League, 16 Geary street, yester
day afternoon. There are forty-eight
places at the disposal of tho County
Clerk. John C. Lynch, Arthur G. Fisk,
David Rich, Henry Ach and Jacob
Steppacher attended the conference.
Business engagements prevented Dr.
McNutt from attending. Thomas P.
Riordan is on the sick list aud out of
town. A proposition to recognize each
of the eighteen Assembly districts in
the distribution of the patronage of the
County Clerk's office was favorably re
garded. It was suggested that Mr.
Greif should name none but competent
and eScient deputies and clerks, who
will be expected to devote attention to
their duties. It was further recom
mended that a determined effort should
be made to place the office «m a cred
itable footing. There will be another
meeting of the organization committee
fime time next week. It is understood
that there will be no changes to speak
of in the clerical force in the offices of
the Tax Collector, Treasurer and Audi
tor.
The resignation of William O. San
ford, field assistant, was accepted an*l
F. A. Temple, assistant engineer, who
was granted a leave of. absence and
has since accepted another position,
was dropped from the roll.
Rev. P. E. Mulligan, secretary to
Archbishop Riordan, urged the board
to grant a permit for a spur track on
Filbert street as authorized by the
Supervisors, and the board decided to
take definite action next Wednesday,
after first ascertaining the legality of
A certificate -of satisfactory comple
tion of the paving of Third street was
issued to" the Barber Asphalt Com
pany and a demand was drawn for the
payment of the contract.
The board approved the maps show
ing the lands granted to the city for
the extension of De Long avenue to
Piedmont and for the extension
of Richland avenue to Andover ave
nue.
The Board of Public Works formal
ly refused yesterday to comply with
the request of the Board of Education
that James B. McSheehy be dismissed
from his position of inspector of
school buildings, owing to lack of
funds. The works board ordered a
communication sent to the school di
rectors notifying them that it^would
decline to remove McSheehy, owing to
the fact that the latter has reported
there are "seventy-five school buildings
in urgent need of repairs and the board
feels that Inspector McSheehy. should
be retained to supervise the work.
Under the charter the Board of Works
is made responsible for the condition
of public building,*. *
The board adopted the plans for the
construction of sheds, fences and yard
work at the Noe Valley School, the
estimated cost being $4615.
Grades were ordered changed on
San Bruno avenue, Nineteenth and
Twentieth streets.
Permission was granted , the City
Street Improvement Company to pave
with bituminous rock Pacific avenue,
between Octavia and Laguna streets.
T. G. Crothers was granted permis
sion to grade the northerly half of I
Ktreet % between Forty-fifth and Forty
sixth avenues. ..
Former Accused of
Sanguinary
v>l 111 lCo.
Politicians Looking for a Man
to Take the Place Forraerly
Occupied by Sam Rainey
Decides to Take Action Next
Wednesday Regarding Spur
Track on Filbert Street
DEMOCRATS SEEK A LEADER
County Clerk Elect Greif and
Members of the Republican
Organization Hold Conference
SERVICES ARE NEEDED
Hop Sing Thugs
Seek Lives of Wy
Tong Men.
Board of Public "Works Refuses
to Dismiss Inspector of School
Buildings From His Office
CLEAN MEN
NOW IN DEMAND
M'SHEEHY WILL
RETAIN PLACE
BLOOD FLOWS AGAIN IN HIGHBINDER
WAR BETWEEN TONGS IN CHINATOWN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAL.U . FRIDAY, DECEMBER n. 1903.
7
ADVZBTISE-IENTS.
Open Sores
can be cleaned out, the suppura-
tion stopped, and a cure effected
by the use of
Only morbid matter is destroyed
by thb marvelous jrermicide, which
allows Nature to build up healthy
tissue.
Absolutely harmless.
Used ana indorsed by leading
physicians everywhere.
When not _t your druggist's, sent
prepaid on receipt of postal note
for 25 cents for trial bottle.
*••» ny IV* /tO -rf — ' t 4*.
n>unn •¦ Vf, Jf l*Jic3C3t»-»3ft>_.lr«-* 3
•^i__l- M H W^=='
«»!.<) Prince Street, New York.
r Kk C— T»!«it_ BmU«I •» H»w U T— *t SImuc*.
A visit DR. JORDAN'S great A
HriUSEUM OF AHATQSY$
a Cfc i:::uiZZZzc7.tv..zu:xz.r.uiA
\ Cr e '-» r C^ r An»'cm.c»: Mu»etnD in tkc \
A _^2t^^ \»'«r»d. Hettt«««e« at •../ coi.rrjred A
*PZ ?_5 m »» f»««»fl»^*r rmn* hytk<- ploe^t _
Q rC«J ;>peG_ li_cn ittCcU-. EiLjoycirv O
A 4*1^1 C3 - JORDAN-DISEASES CF UEN 6
»^_*'%n Coi<^uJi«tie» free «r.d ttrftly rnraic. _
A I jSfijH Tr«»TTiert j>*-f?ont!ijr or br Irrtrr. A n
V k flrTlIf P—itH* C-rt _ crcry c»»e endcrukea. T
A&B 11 B «'fi»fcrB~k.r«i_«««r«_«f A
V » J Hi aaBMUGE. MAtU_> Fa-C. (AY
x A I* n * a>bic book lot ****' a
v Daior.DAS-t'o.usi Ja_r_«8_.s.r. v
jvr«_^^__»_J MEHAHDV/CMEfl.
<_f%5nXKE,-^Sf Tie Bif O for cncttnraX
_Sa_T_ 1 to t _>-M2 dlsch»r£«f.Jnfla_i»atioai.
/^»g£T ouiuu^ \i irritatioDi or clceratioai
lf«£j w» i» «uic_r». of diicodi BiembiaDac.
V* % rrmk (mmIm. . Pm.iu'.t*t, nod not ¦•trtfi-
»2£l'raEraSCKE» 1 !CM.C9. rent or poi«>noni.
\g£L ci_miuTi,e PS?g ««14 by r>rc«i«t»,
V'^vL. tfc-X. __;• or s«nt in pUin wrapper.
tr expre»». rrepaid. for
StfBp£BE3@%rfi «10C.or3bottlr.t2.7».
u C.rcol»r teut n m«et_
P_r__GERS
I Two Stamps Instead of One
I Will Be Given
I With All Purchases.
| WOMEN'S SUITS —'':! WOMEN'S UNDERWEAR
| COATS AND* SKIRTS • -j r CHILDREN'S UNDERWEAR
|| PETTICOATS LEATHER GOODS
i FURS x BATH ROBES *
H WRAPPERS AN IMMENSE TOY?DEPART-
i g MISSES' SUITS ' ; MENT |
? SHOES SILKS iJ : [
I MEN'S FURNISHINGS DRESS GOODS " ' ]f *
I BOY'S FURNISHINGS FANCY GOODS ! fai \
| SMOKING JACKETS GLOVES .f
I I rfOSIERY RIBBONS
1 MEN'S AND BOYS' HATS HANDKERCHIEFS J : V|1^
I TABLE LINENS ART GOODS %
] WAISTINGS VEILINGS * ..* WM
1 NOTIONS PERFUMERIES I '
a CURTAINS HOLIDAY NOVELTIES *n
S DRAPERIES BOYS' CLOTHING :
fj MILLINERY CIGARS '" Jg V |
| g * AIAVAVih_S)ijABLE I
1 J Plg38^ia5O MARKET STi?^wB I
! . .. _
; ADV_BT_BEM-irr3. '
Six After Supper!
SHOWING;
(Sil CLASS*A" UPRIGHTS
Fifteen Tins Pianos Sold at Pommer-Eilers' Yesterday.
Six After Supper. Immense Reductions on Standard
New Pianos This Week Attracting Widespread Inter-
est. Pianos Selected- Now Will Be Stored. Free and
Delivered as Christmas Surprises if Desired.
If you ere interested in strictly highest-grade pianos, in fancy, exclusive case
designs, such as arc not regularly included in the piano-makers' regular cata-
logues, you should not fail to inspect the present exhibit " of costly upright and
grand pianos at Pommer-Eilers Music Company's.- , .
Thousands and thousands of fine pianos are sold by us each year, but never
heretofore have such strictly exclusive and most costly instruments been dis-
played as just now, during this holiday exhibit and sale.
s ill ' £T FFfill FH PAIfiF^ ments raav.be arranged. The sum of $5
all ft I rtuu.tJ rnitiu or , 6 or S8 or , l0 paJd eacn montn (p i us
Beautiful and : costly Decker and Ha- simple -interest on deferred payments)
zleton and Kimball pianos, together with secures any piano lr. this stock at* sale
hundreds of other choice and brand-new prices. ¦,
; instruments, have , been , thrown on the For convenience the \_rious makes
market at prices simply Irresistible. have been classified, viz.:
The pianos in this sale are of the ". ri ice I
highest clas.J. No better instruments are LLP.oO . A
obtainable, no matter where you go. Not This class includes medium-grade
a single piano is second-hand; not a sin- s_>.ndarri-make pianos, and are usually
gle one is even so much as shop-worn, pold at $300. and even as high as »350.
U/UV UAT HiC POD PL'P!?TIIACO Tne saJ e prices that prevail permit you
WHY HUI U.lt rUn OhtimMAor to have a ?C00 piano for 5167. Some In
Christmas time is drawing near, and this class sell for $14S. $137, while the
this, in 'a measure, accounts' for the large- regnlar.~$350 styles run up to J21S and
volume of business done. The sale is an $226.; . .
excellent opportunity. for the selection of / fli^ R
a most acceptable Xmas gift in the way . ' ,*,_,'•
of a beautiful piano at a saving in price This class Includes high-grade pianos
sufficient -to educate the whole family in of national reputation, usually sold for
music. The offer to set aside any instru- *<»<>. $450 and $550. -During this sale
rnent ordered and deliver it at any hour they offer the $450 style for $236. and the
designated still holds good. . v plainer-eased * instruments for $257 and
inoni'ilTC I'tTi CiPrihM Tft _lf-DV nuc $264. The $550 grades sell for $345. $327
ABSOLUT- SATI.tAUIIUN TO EVcRY ONE and S31R. according to the style and de-
It is .inspiring to visit this greafplano sign of the case.,
and organ emporium. Reliability, abso- CLASS C
luto safety and satisfaction- to the pur- •-, , , , ? vl u , w » /
chaser are impressed upon one at every This class includes the highest-class
hand ; ._ou will -.feel at once that you upright pianos and'grands by makers of
are dealing with thoroughly honest, .up-" i nttrnatidnal renown. The prices on
right business men, who sell pianos on these instruments \_ry from $600 to
merit alone and at prices made possible 51000 at regular selling. In order to
only by the many unique and up-to-date close them out quickly they have reducsd
advantages possessed by Pommer-Eilers. theipricft nn average of about 5200 on
iTii> a ciiini c tiiiTfo each instrument. v^^_w^39"9wP!
1 10 ; A OitRrLt MAI Itn ¦¦"¦'¦ v ¦'¦•"¦ To:meet a strong and urgent demand
If you have been thinking of purchas- **¦ has been decided to Jteop the store
ing a piano, or even If your home-is not open evenings _^ur.til this sale closes,
supplied with a good piano, by: all means Don t forget. the place.:,
attend the; present sale and 7 learn' how pn <I!CD. || CDC U|1\P. ffl '
you -can. very" easily get; posseslonof^ a ru * wc " IL.no MUIIj «Ui-
really. fine piano and how;ea'sily;the pay- 653 1 Market st.,' cpp. the Chronicle bldg.-
AD v -_J~- 1 r> K In ri HiS.
...EASY SHAVING..!,
YOR iH— HOUPAYS AKX> A-X» OXETXR
DAYS IS THS YEAR
Th« price Is reasonable for th« _valM*tk«r« i
is la this raaor.
A WORD TO THE LADIES— If yn,
wast to rc*k» yoar siaeetlkeart. ttixtyuij,
brother er fatter happy yea can do It bat- 1
ter by buylas Him a razor tbaa la aayf
ether way. '
I'v* other ramors at otter prtct». alt* »,
choice Use ot standard evxSery. '
THAT MAN PITTS 1 ,
F. W. PITTS, the Stationer.
1008 Market Street
Above Powell. San Draag—co. *
BIENNIAL STATEMENT
Security Savings Bank.
Published pursuant to aa act of the Legis-
lature, approved Marcli 23. - 1^93. and showing
unclaimed deposits on December 1. j 1903.
Name. Restdeace. Amount.
Christina Ccoke....San Francisco WT» D-J
Jamea Dolan San Franctsco..... 67 61
C. Mitchell Grant. .San Francisco..... . $lt Zi
Anaise HUI 1M«
Leonard Mazer. ...San Franctaeo. . . . . IM 24
n. H M*xoon San Francisco..... 44<> f.±
Johz.ll. Prime.. .".San Francisco S» 65
Total :...... .Vi538 *O
FRZD W. HAY, Secretary.
¦^sWr j^TjSB y^^^^y ¦
BEI£RS I
Famous tne - Woritsg
tToftf Evirstirhtft} A
HI_B_KT AIKKCAXT1__ CO.. jj
• I'acinc Coast Agents. s[
EVERy,HMMfflANTEP
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE , HOUSES.
Catalogua and Priea List* Mallai
on Application. , _ •
rn-SK as d sa_.t jceats.
I1C PilVEC * f(\ Sfc'PP* 11 ' Butchers. IM
JA-. DUICJ tt tU. Clay. Tel Mala 1294.
ores.
LUBRICATING OILS: LEONARD * 1TTJ.T3L
. 41S Front »C S. F. • Phone Mat- IT— >.
pr.nTTnro. ____
E. C. BUOIIESi / 311 Si-om« «.. & t.Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by ta»
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cali
fornia street- Telephone Main 1M3- •
Look out for 19 4th st... front Key's ©ys.
bouse. Eyeelasses. specs, 20c-50c; best. •
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candles Me a pound, in artistic flre
etched box*s. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market St.. above Call bids-'*
"It was just after I had opened the
office. A young girl, with raven black
hair, a beautiful pair of eyes and a
complexion and figure that would make
the e.ves of an artist glisten with ap
preciation, came in and, walking up to
the desk, blushingly ; asked me if a
woman could take out a license. I told
her yes: that all the law required was
one of the parties to swear to the truth.
I got a blank ready and asked her the
name of her spouse-to-be, his age and
whether he had ever been married be
fore. She answered my questions will
ingly and clearly enough, and seemed
relieved when she told me that he was
over 21.
"I then asked her own name. She
gave it to me, and said she had never
been married before. 'And your age?'
2 'asked. She hesitated a moment and
"The tender conscience of a young
girl nipped a very pretty little romance
in the bud here this morning," said
Cupid Danforth a few days ago while
resting from his labor, of giving to pros
pective brides and grooms the neces
sary legal permit to become husband
and wife.
Tender Conscience.
The Technical Review nf Berlin
states that a plant has recently been
found in South America which contain.*
a considerable quantity of saccharine
matter, is not fermentable, and pos
sesses an unusually strong saccharin*
taste. The plant is herbaceous, and is
from eight to twelve inches high. Thi
chemist Beftoni considers this plant as
of highly important value from an in
dustrial standpoint on account of its
natural sugar properties, which are of
a high percentage. Its scientific name
is Eupatorium rebandium. According .
to experiments made by the discoverer,
the director of the Agricultural Instl-'
tute at Asuncion, this interesting plant
is said to yield a sugar which ia from
twenty to thirty times as sweet as or
dinary cane or beet sugar.
New Saccharine Plant.
The general; public will hope that' Amador County
may make the fine showing . at St. Louis of which it. is
capable. Says the Ledger: "There is no:territory of /equal
extent in California 'that has greater or "more extended
resources of wealth than the favored strip of land com- ?
prisirig Amador Countjy With other foothill counties
it is really the paradise of California. Perhaps nature
has been so beneficent in bestowing its favors that this
very fact has tended to create the -spirit of contentment
with things as they are." Mining is not the only re
source of Amador by : any means. . ;¦ ;
AMID the general bustle of preparation for adver
tising the resources of California at the great
Louisiana Purchase Exposition, to be held in
St. Louis in 1904, some discordant notes may be heard.
The Amador .Ledger, for instance, complains that the
people of Amador County are making very little exer
tion to have the wealth of that part of the mother lode
country exploited. Every one knows that there is much
gold, good climate and rich soil in Amador County.
Taking a scries of years together, its mineral output has
represented a value of many millions of dollars. Yet
the Amador Ledger says that "outside of the efforts put
forth by the State Mineralogist, L. E. Aubury, there
seems to be very little doing in the way of collecting
exhibits of Amador County's resources for display at
the St. Louis exhibition next year."'"
Supplying particulars relating to this inaction of the
people, the Ledger asserts that "outside of an effort to
collect a few ancient mining contrivances, representing
the primitive'methods of mining in the early days, there
is scarcely any interest manifested in this direction. We
indulge the hope that, whatever be the cause of the list
lcssncss hitherto shown, some active measures will be
taken at once -to secure a well-filled niche for Amador
County in the coming exposition of the world's indus
tries and resources. There exists no organization to
this end. Our Board of Supervisors has not moved in
the matter at all. It would amount almost to a reflec
tion upon our loyalty and devotion to our section to
suffer Amador County to default at the St. Louis expo
sition." ' • > ,
URGING THE MINERS.
Cold Weather.
Den ke?p de joy a-gwlne, en keep good
feelin's all'
No better world dan dis is, fum de sprin
tlme ter de fall!
•Weather eri$*p en fine
All erlonK de line —
It's do halleluia season, en dat's de way
we gwine. — Atlanta Constitution.
It's do halleluia season in de country —
fur en nigh.
En it makes you think do angels Jlncs de
chorus in de sky!
De good time at its bos',
Fum <le\ringin* eas' ter wrs*.
1*1 fe en joy amazln" — twel you never
. wants ter res'!
IV.
You hears de drivers whistle on de big
road, ter de teams:
En tit night de HT chillun sees de Chris
mus in dey dreams:
En de folks a-settin'roun'
Hears d« fiddle's lively noun*.
En de dancin' makes de room reel — "twel
de roof seems com in' down!
III.
Dar's somepin In de elements dat keeps
you on de go
Wen dc weather's crisp en frosty en
you lookin' fer do snow;
Wen you hear the kittle sing
On do flre. like everything. .
En you clean f«»rgrlta de summer en de
roses er de spring.
- It is* a matter of congratulation that the national
authorities have . seen the wisdom of beautifying the
Presidio, and that work upon this laudable enterprise
will soon begin. Within this Federal reservation there
is now a burial ground second only to Arlington in senti
mental interest, and no more dignified, p'atriotic purpose
than its care and embellishment can inspire officers of
the Government. >
This invention, which promises to rev
olutionize art, is, according to the in
ventor, the discovery of a new law of
nature not previously known and hav
Ing relation to the relative sympathy
that exists between the physical and
mental.
The inventor expects soon to have
stereoscopic pictures in colors, and then
he will be able to furnish paintings
"while you wait" that become realism
itself.
This is the first time that the stereo
scopic effect has ever been brought out
in cinematograph pictures. The discov
erer tried It in a barnyard scene and
the figures came out so lifelike that one
could hardly help feeling that It was
real.
An invention that marks a wonder
ful development in the art of taking
and reproducing cinematograph pic
tures has just been made by an Eng
lishman.
It applies the principles of the stere
oscope to the cinematograph so that
moving figures thrown upon a screen
do not appear flat and bodyless. but
stand out with a depth and fullness
that makes them look exceedingly life
like. *V-: '
Improved Kineioscope.
The California Bluebook or Stats
Roster, compiled by C. F. Curry. Sec
retary of State, and printed at the
State printing office, Sacramento, un
der the direction of "W. W. .Shannon,
superintendent, is a handy and cred
itable volume. It contains 621 pages,
including the index, and is illustrated
with good pictures of the Governor
and other State officers, Senators and
Representatives in Congress. Chief
Justice and Associate Justices of the
Supreme Court, State Senators and
Assemblymen, Railroad Commission
ers and members of the State Board
of Equalization. Several of the fam
ous missions and quite a number of
the public bulidings of the State are
illustrated. The book contains a vast
deal of useful information concerning
the various commissions and public
institutions of the State. The area,
population, county seat and the name
of office holders in every county are
given. The publication of the volume
was authorized by an act of the Leg
islature aproved February 13, 1903.
California Blue Booh.
Amidst the din in the courtroom the
Judge's voice was heard: "The court
will take>«. recess for ten minutes."
He left the bench, warning the bai
liff not to interfere, and watched the
scrap with the keenest delight. Fin
ally the reporter landed a straight
right on the clerk's jaw and knocked
him out. The clerk was led out of
the courtroom, the Judge resumed his
seat on the bench and the business
was continued as if nothing had hap
pened. ',
The popularity of the late Police
Judge Campbell among the masses
was largely due to the fact that he
allowed common sense to sway 'him
in his judgments. Many a time an
attorney' would asseverate: "But, your
Honor, the Supreme Court has decid
ed — " That -would be as far as he
would get, as the Judge would inter
rupt him with: "I overrule the Su
preme Court."
The Judge was fond of seeing a
scrap, and one that gave him unmixed
joy happened In his own courtroom.
The reporter of a morning paper and
the clerk in the Judge's court would
occasionally pass uncomplimentary
remarks about one another and the
Judge, who disliked the clerk, told
ihe reporter not to stand any of the
clerk's nonsense. One day the re
porter asked the clerk to let him ex
amine a complaint that had been
sworn to. The clerk refused in an
offensive manner and the reporter
slapped him on the face. The clerk
jumped to his feet and in an instant
he and the reporter were mixing
things up.
r A Popular Judge.
THE first report of Secretary Cortclyou of the new
Department of Commerce reveals the possibilities
of that new Government agency. It takes jurisdic
tion of the corporations engaged in interstate commerce,
and is to make effective the. President's enlightened
ideas of a publicity that will protect investors in the
stocks of trusts and corporations and will also protect
the consuming public against the predatory designs of
any corporation. The Supreme Court, in affirming the
constitutionality of the interstate commerce law, decided
that the restraint end control of such corporations as
do buVness between the States is a constitutional func
tiori. The Department of Commerce is a necessary out
growth of that decision, since the Government must
have, deposited in one place, the power and jurisdiction
which it has of right in the premises.
Secretary Cortelyou, in his first report, says: "The
creation of the Bureau of Corporations in this depart
ment was an expression of the popular belief that fur
ther safeguards should be provided for the regulation of
business entct prises, to which special privileges have
been granted by the people. Publicity will disclose unfair
dcslings, dishonesty and corruption, but if properly en
forced will not discJose to trade competitors the fruits
of individual thrift and initiative, nor permit in any
manner the invasion of private rights.".
It will be observed that the functions of this depart
ment are bestowed to effect a demonstration that will
decide a great issue. On one side are those who ener
getically contend that all utilities and activities incident
to community life must belong to the Government, and
be in public ownership and administration. On the other
sfde are' those who stand by our existing system of gov
ernment and our time-tried institutions, and insist that
the regulating power of the. Government, its proper
function, can restrain all oppression and prevent any
improper use of the opportunity of organization by cap
ital. The President clearly defined this in his remarks
on labor -and capital. The Federal Government, in pur
suance of its constitutional power, enacts laws to define
and protect all rights within its jurisdiction, and it has
the power to enforce the law it has made.
The Socialist school declares that the Government,
having failed to regulate the use of property in private
hands, has, by that failure, proved its capacity to admin
ister all property in Government ownership. The posi
tion ,is illogical. It has been heretofore demonstrated
that the Government can provide and enforce a remedy
for every wrong, and it will do so to the end. Secretary
Cortclyou is proving to be the right man in the right
place, and the people rest confidently in his capacity to
prevent -unjust aggression and protect their rights, to
the extent of the power confided to him by Congress.
THE DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE.
James "W. Davidson, United States
Consul to Formosa, has written an
account of a unique tribe living on a
small island adjacent to Formosa,
who have a house for each season of
the year — cold, wet and dry- Each
family possesses a splendid walled and
stone paved .compound, wherein are
three distinct houses, attesting the
cleverness of the natives and their de
sire to obtain the maximum of com
fort. One house, built half tinder
ground, is their winter residence. For
the warmer weather they have a com
fortable building, elevated some feet
above ground, and for protection
against the heat of summer they have
a tower-like edifice, sufficiently ele
vated to catch the cool breezes. These
huts serve not only as habitations, but
also as workshops and storehouses.
In construction a considerable amount
of wood is used as supports and cross
beams and for the inner floor, celling
and walls of the two large huts. The
elevated structure is of wood, bamboo
and straw. A shelf projects level with
the entrance and the inhabitants are
obliged to mount this and then crawl
in on all fours, the doorway not being
much larger than the entrance to a
good sized dog kennel.
The room is like a large flat box.
some seven by eight feet, and is so low
that one lying down can almost touch
the ceiling with uplifted hands; but
the savages always squat, so the place
is high enough for them. — National
Geographic Magazine.
House for Each Season.
The first exposition devoted exclusively to children
and to the exploitation of child life ever held in the
world is now in successful progress in St. Petersburg.
It is strange that the benighted denizens of darkest Rus
sia should carry to a splendid triumph a project of en
lightenment and civjlization that we dare not attempt.
then said, 'Over IS.' I gave her the
completed license and she started for
the door. She partly opened it and
stood there Just for a moment. 'With
a eish. she shut it and came back to
the desk. 'Please take it back,' sh«
said. 'I am onlv IT.' "
Gravely the battered old lawyer held
the document before his sightless eyes,
turning the j pages slowly and mum
bling to himself as if conning the lines
carefully. At las\ he closed the paper
with a flourish.
"Oh, yes." said he, "this will be a
very simple process. . I — ah — that is —
maybe we can open negotiations with
a little drink; place right around the
corner."
"Ahem," said "Judge" Blank, with
the dry throatiness which used to awe
juries. "Now there is that Lawson case
which I have on to-day and the Mur
phy battery case and the consultation
with Peter Dunne — but I believe that
I can give your case some "attention
notwithstanding. Let me see the pa
per."
"Yes, there is a lawyer over there
w ho can advise you on your case." One
of the florid faced young men from
the Hall of Justice indicated the stoop
ed figure of "Judge" Blank to the rus
tic who presented his anxious face be
fore him. Then as the country man
hurried over to the old lawyer the
young man from the hall dropped in
to get a drink on the strength of his
good joke.
"Excuse me, sir. but they tell me
that you are a lawyer, and I have a
document here which I would like —
the huddled figure of "Judge" Blank
straightened up into a shaking sem
blance of dignity; a trembling hand
stole ud to button the top button of
the wrinkled overcoat, so that the ab
sence of the collar would be concealed.
Then he turned in the direction of the
man who had accosted him.
They all know him dc-wn around the
Police Court— poor old "Judge" Blank,
the broken down lawyer. Tapping his
way along the lower end of Montgom
ery street, with his shrunken tan over
coat bunched at the shoulders and his
almost sightless eyes staring straight
to the front, the man who once won
the sobriquet of "Judge" in the past
days of his glory, is now one of that
number of derelicts wnose homes are
in the garrets above the fish markets
and whose only boon in life ia to take
the sun along: the crowded thorough
fares of the wholesale district— and eat
when fortune smiles.
Derelict.
be different, for the Chicago building is severely void of
every striking and impressive feature in architecture.
It is mistaken by strangers for a grain elevator built of
stone. It belongs to no order of architecture, but defies
them all. The idea in its construction seems to have
been simply to get walls and a roof, and the effect falls
far below that of a bank barn in Berk6 County, Penn
sylvania. \
We do not know whether the plan was made by a
private architect. If it were there must have been an
oxteam pull to get it approved by the Government. Per
haps, however, it suits Chicago and reflects Chicago
taste. This makes it more imperative that our building
reflect the higher and better and more refined taste of
San Francisco. We have looked long upon the pitted
face of the old Custom-house and have endured it as a
brick and mortar nightmare. Now we want something
that will keep company with our splendid Postofiice
building, and will not be shamed by the beautiful archi
tecture of so many of our private buildings.
OUR NEW CUSTOM-HOUSE.
Xext we come to another close-quar
ter* maneuver, known as'. *'lnfight
ir.g." This is what its name Jmplies —
literally fighting or boxing inside your
opponent's guard. Let me illustrate:
Make y6ur sparring partner lead for
your face with his left. Rsise your
r ight ami, knock his blow outward,
and then, without drawing your arm
b3ck. send a right hook or Jolt to his
jaw. The guarding of his blow and
the turning; of your arm inward to
ward his jaw should follow each other
with lightning rapidity. If you do thi3
r;uicfcJy he'eannot guard your blow, as
liis right arm ¦will have been thrown
outward and your hand will be nearer
his unguarded face than will his own
glove. Speed and accuracy 3re-abso
lute requisites for all forms of in
fighting. It must be on almost simul
taneous right-left gesture of your
right fist, and then get back .on truard.
Another good plan is to lure your
opponent into clinching', and as he at
tempts to do so to uppcrcut him. I
fball explain the uppercul in the next
lessors. If you ure a heavier man than
your antagonist you can woar him
down by repeatedly clinching in the
follow: jig manner:
Put your hands or forearms on his
jshovilders es you rome to a clinch,
and. throwing your whole weight on
hirB. let your hands or arms siip slow
ly down his upper arm to the elbow,
forcing him meanwhile to bear tip
your whole u/> ight. In time this will
have on his crm nnd back muscles
ipmejtjlAt i'ue same effect as would the
lifting of a long succession of .flour
barrels. '¦'•':.
If h man trie3 to c!inrh with you, us
ing the "hand clinch" (the fir.?t of the
two I have explained), try to elude him
if you «Io not w!sh to clinch, and try
to !»nd on him at close quarters.
If h* 1 trios to throw his arms around
you endeavor lo keep both your arms
up gbr,ve his and to send in joits or
half-hooks Lo his face.
rilzsimmons is a past master at this,
r::id taught me Iho trick of working the
arms up through the other mans grip
until bcih arms are free to* send in a
chower of short-arm blows to the face.
If you find on running into a elinUi
that you cannot prevent your antago
nist from striking, gel out of his reacn
as quickly as- possible.
see two men apparently clinch. They
eee one of the two hit the other. They
shout "Foul I" Now, the chances art
that the man who struck the blow had
ft perfect right to strike. A clinch, uy
the definition I have already given,
f hculd prevent the opponent from using
his hands. If it does not prevent him
it is no real clinch.
If a man rushes on another and
tbro-.vs his arms about him, that does
not debar lh< latter from striking him
?f he can. If the clinch is complete the
¦second man cannot strike. If it is so
Ineffective that he can still use his
arms, let him use them. There is n»
foul in that. It is clean boxing, and
utterly unlike the practice of "hanging
on" with one hand or arm and striking
with the other. The man whose oppo
nent is trying to clinch must not, of
course, hold his antagonist while nit
tins him, but as long as he can keep
his arms free there is no reason why
he Ebould not lead.
Never, under any circumstances,
Fhould a clinch be allowed to degener
ate into a wrestling match or a rough
and-tumble. A full clinch means sitn
ply a temporary truce and a readjust
ment.
"mrPZaHTHSTG."
With euch a crowd, as with the av
erage amateur, the full meaning of the
term "clinch" is not understood. They
IJ7 ALBERT l'ATSON TERHCXE.
(Athletic Hxuert Xew York Erenlns World,
Author of •¦Jiu«r!e Buildinp," olc.)
CopyrisM. 1&33. l>>' Jo*^ph «• Howies.
-Hitting in clinches is forbidden" Is
a rule more often broken and far more
often misinterpreted than almost nny
other by-law of the art of self-defense.
I have heard the crowd at prize fighti.
t-et up the yell of "Foul" when no foul
was perpetrated, and I have seen them
allow glaring fouls of this sort go un
ncticed. The reason is that three
fourths of the people who go to prize
fights have no more real knowledge of
boxing than they have of esoteric
Buddhism.
The Clinch iii Boxing.
It is an amazing spectacle. The effect upon the mind
of Eastern Asia must be left to the imagination. After
several' generations of their statesmen have dealt with
the West, entirely upon, the question of opening their
countries to the world, they find RusSia, with vast
armies, a navy, forts and all the resources of power,
among them to undo all that has been done.
Morally the world owes to China, Korea and Japan
every possible support in this crisis. The United States
holds a high position of moral power at this moment,
because of our stand for freedom of the isthmus. Eng
land is more intimately involved, by her treaty of alli
ance with Japan and her understanding with Russia, that
Korean independence is to be respected. Germany, in
view of her commercial ambitions, cannot be indifferent,
and France, notwithstanding her Russian alliance,
cannot fail to understand that she is affected by abbre
viating her expectations of Eastern trade, for which she
has sacrificed so much in Cochin China. But, above and
beyond all these considerations, individual to the dif
ferent nations, is the claim of Russia, backed by a mili
tary force that is on the ground by virtue of base viola
tion of her promise to evacuate Manchuria, to the right
to reverse the policy of the world in the East.
Three years ago the Czar indicated his purpose,' at
a certain date, to close Russian ports to all but Russian
ships. He shuts other people out of Russia, as far as
possible, by dishonoring passports and by police espion
age, and it begins to look as though the rest of the
world is approaching the duty of opening Russia, as
Eastern Asia was opened. If that come, many scores
will have to be settled.
By policy, part of _ the time, and by open aggression,
in which were incidents discreditable to the West, like
the opium war and the loot of Peking, China was opened
to the world. To the United States fell the task of
opening Japan and, to our credit, it was executed with
out the demoralizing events which had taken place in
China. The Chinese, with a keen and trained commer
cial instinct, took what advantage they could of the
change. Acting upon the keen saying of Marquis Tseng,
that when China was opened to the world the world was
opened to China, her merchants located in the Straits
Settlements, in Australia, the Philippines and the United
States.
Here we have found the Chinese merchants to be
promoters of our trade with their country. More than
a third of the tariff revenue paid in the San Francisco
Custom-house is by the Chinese. Their enterprise and
their high sense of commercial honor, make the for.ee
that has expanded our trade with their country. The
Japanese commercial class, whije less numerous among
us. serves the same purpose. The policy of the Western
nations in opening Eastern Asia has proved good and
wise for them, and for the peoples to whom it gave
access. It has been in the interest of civilization and
has promoted peaceful commerce, mutually beneficial.
This policy has continued unbroken until the advent of
Russia into Eastern Asia. The government of the Czar
appears there with an army and key in hand to compel
a reversal of the open-world policy, insisting upon
closing the door to every country but herself. Russia
has, therefore, against the wish of both China and Korea,
renewed the policy of isolation and restriction, which
the West broke down, and\ insists upon exclusiveness
and isolation.
In the quotation from Secretary Cass by the Presi
dent, in his recent message, to which we have already
referred, Cass used this policy as an illustration. Speak
ing of the claims of Central American governments to
exclusive control of facilities which belong to the world,
Cass said: ""None of these local governments would be
permitted, in a spirit of Eastern isolation, to close the
gates of intercourse, on the great highways of the
world." That uttered the policy of the Western nations
in opening Eastern Asia. It is a policy upon which too
much in trial and sacrifice has been spent to abandon
it now. even though great Russia lifts against it her
powerful arm. She is now in Korea, armed to resist the
opening of the Korean Sport-; .of Yongampho to the
world's commerce. She ha'S no right there which the
other nations can respect. She has no treaty with Korea
giving her fleets the entry of Chemulpo on such ah
errand. While Korea is the immediate victim, too weak
to resist, the world is the ultimate sufferer.
Americans may, with benefit to themselves, contrast
the attitude of our country on the isthmus with that of
Russia in Korea. We appear as the champion of the
world's right of use of a great highway of commerce,
the trustee of civilization, the promoter of all commerce;
not to close, but to open, opportunities which give
greater value to every man's labor, and greater profit to
every man's enterprise. We are the trustee of Russia
and of all nations and propose, with vigor and zeal, to
administer that trust. But Russia appears in the East;
in a spirit of selfishness and isolation, to close the gates,
to lock the door, to exclude the world from its just
opportunities.
MONGOLIAN ASIA, after wars and foreign en
terprises, migration that extended to the Medi
terranean, and experiments in finance and gov
ernment that are yet in issue in other nations, went
home, re-entered its own gates and locked them. There
the modern world , found China, Korea and Japan. The
Western nations, attracted by the mystery on the inner
side of the great wall in the Hermit Kingdom and in the
Japanese islands, concerted in . the policy of opening
all those countries to the world. .
IT is very gratifying to this city that we arc to have a
new Custom-house, ample to accommodate the rapid
ly increasing necessities of our growing commerce,
and of a nobility of architecture that will satisfy the
pride of our people. The plan of the building, {exterior
and intPiiorl should not be permitted to decline from the
high- note struck by the new Postofiice, which is in all
respects one of the finest Federal buildings in the
country. It closely approaches the charms of form and
finish .which make- the Congressional Library at Wash
ington one of the noblest structures in the world.
The present Custom-house has, lingered beyond its
time. Its forbidding aspect but. poorly represents' the
dignity of the. Federal' Government. Its ancient outer
walls, repeatedly plastered,' as repeatedly break out with
an eczema in stucco that presents the appearance. of a
victim of psoriasis and smallpox. It is badly oriented,
crowded and offensive to a degree that affronts good
taste, and. revolts all the. senses that are under control
of that conscience of the mind.
The pians for the new building h'avc; been thrown
open to competition by selected architects. 'We believe
this was done in the case of the newv Federal building in
.Chicago, and we how that in our case the result .will
The iron ore. coke and limestone are
not thrown into the blast furnace hap
hazard. On the contrary, the mixture
is made on a. wcU considered plan, de
termined by chemical analysis. The
proper , proportion . of ore to coke and
limestone Is established by the chem
ical mako-up of the fuel, flux and ore.
When tho mass is once in the furnace
and the oxygen-bearing blast is roar
ing through the tuyers and driving hot
gasts and air up through the spongy
coke and ore the iron, warming up,
begins to shake off the oxygen which
has been its companion underground
for years. As the metallurgists put it,
the ore parts with its oxygen to the
carbonic oxide, forming carbonic acid.
The ore, shedding its oxygen, descends
into the zone of reduction, and here the
iron begins making violent love to the
carbon, absorbing it greedily— that Is,
if there is not much silicon' present.
Silicon and sulphur Have the effect of
lowering the amount of carbon which
iron will take up. Sulphur Is not want
ed in iron, so the ironmaker is careful
that Tils fuel shall not contain sulphur,
at least not enough to injure the iron.
The mass 1 of 'ore, coke and flux de-
Bcends, getting hotter and hotter, th»j
chemical actions become more rapid
and soon the particles of iron, separat
ed at 3aet from the dross, drip down
through the zone of fusino, passing
through an inferno where the gas biast
reaches a temperature -of 3500' to 4000
decrees Fahrenheit. v_
Tbe blast furnace is divided into
three zones; above the hearth comes
the zone of gassification, next above
that is the zone of fusion and above
1hat the zone of reduction. These
zone? have no well defined boundaries,
for they merge into each other almost
insensibly. As the iron passes through
these divisions or zones it makes des
perate love to the oxygen, carbon, sili
con, sulphur and phosphorus, leaving
one to take up the other, flirting and
coquetting until at last, wedded for
the time being to carbon, it emerges
quietly from the "tapping hole," a
steady, substantial citizen of the in
dustrial world.
In order to separate the foreign mat
ters present in the ore from the iron
an intense heat must be used and the
fuel is coke, anthracite or charcoal.
Fluxes are required to facilitate this
separation, and limestone is the ma
terial most employed. The fluxes trans
form ihe earths and extraneous mat
ter into slag, which is used afterward
for railway ballast and for making
cement and bricks.
A blast furnace eighty feet high is
about twenty-three feet at its largest
diameter, which is about twenty-five
feet from the bottom. From this point
the stack tapers both ways. About
eight or ten feet from the bottom the
furnace becomes a cylinder. The top
of the furnace is called the "throat,"
the lower part the "boshes" and the
cylindrical shaped bottom is the
"hearth." About four feet from the
bottom are the "tuyers," through
which the blast enters the furnace, and
the "tapping hole" is almost at the
bottom.
The blast furnace is' a 1 huge brick
stack, not unlike a gigantic . bottle
standing on its cork end. The ore,
coke and limestone are fed into the
stack on top, and the melted, refined
iron escapes from the tap hole in the
bottom and runs into open sand molds,
-where it cools into the pig iron of
commerce. This pig iron contains from
92 to 5*4 per cent of pure Iron and 8 to 6
per cent of impurities. Before it can be
used in the arts this pig iron must be
remelted in a puddling furnace — or
some other kind of furnace — or the
cupola of a foundry.
Immense air compressors are used in
the reduction of the ore In the blast
furnaces, for each ton of iron made
requires from three to six tons of air,
which is forced into the blast furnace
under a pressure of five to ten pounds
to the square inch.
This blast of air is heated to a tem
perature up as high as 1500 degrees
Fahrenheit before it enters the furnace.
The air pumped into the furnace ex
ceeds in weight the combined weight
of all the ore, coke and limestone
which is "charged" into the "throat"
of the blast turnace.
Chemically pure iron has no commer
cial value. Its impurities, called metal
loids, are what give iron its character
and strength. The iron ores as they
come from ihe mine are a. combination
of iron, oxygen, silica, phosphorus, sul
phur, carbon and other elements, and
the blast furnace is employed to sep
arate the metal from the ore impurities.
Pure iron ore is a chemical combina
tion of metallic iron and oxygen, the
most common consisting of about 70
per cent iron and 30 per cent oxygen.
But the earthy impurities and combina
tions of other elements enter so inti
mately into the structure of the iron
ore that the blast furnace man must
reckon with all of them in his efforts
to separate the metal from the dross.
In the process of the reduction of the
ore the oxide of iron — the ore— becomes
carbide of iron— pig iron.
BY UAUTOLM McDOWELI,.
(Author of "Shop Talk Dp the Wonders of the
Crafts.)
* " Coiiyvlplit. 1W::. by .To^fph B. Bowles.
One of Kurrnie's experimental scien
tists claims to have discovered that
metals can be killed by poison, put to
sleep by chloroform, made drunk by
whisky and cra^zy. by cocaine. He de
clares with much confidence that
metals possess many human attributes
and broadly intimates that he is the
first man to prove it. But every foun
dryman and blast furnace man for
years has known that one metal at
least has much akin to human in it.
This metal, called the mo^t useful of
metals, is always seeking its affinity.
It is a sad flirt; a veritable coquette.
In its course from the crude ore to the
finished product it runs the ?amut of
love and hate, and its intrigues and
escapadps keep the biast furnace and
cupola in a turmoil. This metal is iron.
Facts About Iron.
Similarly, when, he loads with his
right, knock the blow outward with
your- left and lead a left hook or jolt
to his jaw.
still holding your right in surh a way
as to block any reprisals from his
right. . N
RUSSIA IN KOREA.
THE SAN FRAN CI SCO GALL
JOHN D. SPRECEELS, Proprietor. • • % .... . I ;. . Address All Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office T. . .' . • • • • Third and Market Streets, S. F.
FRIDAY • • • • • . .'DECEMBER n, 1903
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER it, 1903.
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
8W> liave auvlsed each, man to report case 4o
fci* respective Conmil. who undoubtedly will
take matter up diplomatically.
MURRAY t. READY.
Governor Tardee. Sacramento, Cal.—Yeister
day force and bodily Injury "was done by a.
hand of lawless persons at Milton, Calavenu
County. <"al., to about forty peaceful citizens
or United States. Great Britain, Italy. Spain,
France. Germany and Mexico, who were en
gaged by ue io «..rk at Royal Con. mine. Hod
*on. They -were driven from Calaveras County
by force and threats agatnet life, and some
of their baggage stolen. Please take imme
diate action.
A number of foreigners on their
v.ay to work in the Royal Consolidat
ed mine at Hodson were met at Mil
ton yesterday by a number of citizens
and forced to leave Calaveras County.
When the news reached Murray &
Ready in this city, who had sent the
miners on their way to Hodson, they
immediately wired to the chief ex
ecutive of 'the State as follows:
Drive Foreigners Sent to Work In
Koyal Consolidated Mine From
Calavcras County.
CITIZEN'S OF MILTON*
L'SE DItxVSTIC MEASURE
VICTORIA, B. C Dec. 10. — The
steamer Shawm ut, which arrived to
day, brought news from Yokohama
that Professor Jenks of the United
States Commission on Coinage Reform
was warmly welcomed in Japan. A
committee of twelve was appointed by
the Japanese Government to confer
with him. He proceeds from Japan to
the Philippines and thence to Peking.
A notable reception was recently
given to Rear Admiral Cooper, com
manding the American Asiatic squad
ron. «t the United States legation at
Tol-io, the attendance including the
Minister of State and some of the most
distinaruished people in Japan.
Professor Jenks and Hear Admiral
Cooper Are Well Received In the
l,:uul of the Mikado.
JAPANESE GIVE GREETING
TO EMINENT AMERICANS
VIENNA. Dec. 10. — Austria-Hungary has
formally recognized the independence of Pan
arra.
TACOMA. Wash.. I>ec. 10.— The United
States cable ehip Burrjslde to-day began thr.
task of discharging 750 miles of cable, which
phe has on board and which fs to be stored In
th« Government warohoUFe here. The Burn-
Fide -Rill winter In the Philippines.
The ideal child of 6 weighs 45 pound?,
is 4 4 inches high and has a chest meas
urement of 2S J ,i inches.
OAKLAND, Dec. 10.— The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Joseph Rex, 30,
and Rosie Sebrey, 31, both of Oaklaud;
George "W. Kenneth, 35, San Francisco,
and Flora A. Tippett, 25. Oakland; Har
ry L. Newcomb, 22, and Julia Klaus,
19, both of San Francisco; Emil Wid
mer. 42, and Julia C. Volland, 41, both
of Point Richmond; Manuel P. Rose,
23. and Bell C. Fairey, 25, both of San
Lorenzo. »
Marriage Licenses.
Oment Plant for Santa Cruz
P SANTA CRCZ. Dec. 10,-Recently a
citizen** comm?ttee visited Xapa Junc
tion for the purpose of inspecting the
<<-mer.t plant, and has made a report
favorable for the location of a similar
plant here. Indications are that the
plant to be built will give employment
to about 400 men, with a monthly pay
roll of $30,000. About $1,000,000 will be
'"xpend-d in construction. All the nec
pEFary land has be-en bonded.
Pen troubles disappear when you get
a fountain pen that fits your hand. "\Ve
have all kinds and can fit any hand
Prines from $1.00 to $5.00 each. Sahborn.
Vail & Co.. 741 Market street, selling
asrents for the "Waterman,"' "Regal" and
"Marshall" fountain pens. •
OAKLAND, Dec. 10.— The $20,000
slander suit of Sirs. Frances Hall
against Mrs. Catherine T. 'Williams
for alleged defamation of character
was continued to-day behind closed
doors. Miss Gertrude Vincent, a niece
of the defendant, but chief witness for
the plaintiff in the case, was on the
witness stand all day.
Miss Vincent is a music teacher. 22
years of age, and stated on the stand
that she left her aunt's home because
the aunt made life generally miserable
for her. and went to live • with .Mrs.
Hall, who befriended her. The wrath
of the aunt was then visited upon Mrs.
Hall.
The witness stated that her aunt
said the worst that could be said about
her friend, who was entirely innocent
of the things attributed to her. The
defense will attempt to show that the
things said were justified.
Xiece Takes the .Stand in Opposition
to Her Aunt in $20,000
Slander Suit.
jnSS VIXCENT TESTIFIES
AGAIXST MRS. WILLIAMS
It. will take several months to com
plete the section to Berkeley, and it
will be a year before Port Costa is
reached.
OAKLAND, Dec. 10.— The work of
extending the automatic block system
from Oakland to Port Costa has begun,
and the first section, which will run
from Sixteenth street station, Oakland,
to Corbin, just beyond Berkeley sta
tion, is being installed. The automatic
block system has, up to the present
time, ended just beyond Sixteenth
street, and from that point to Port
Costa trains have b«en operated. under
the telephone block system.
• It has now been decided that the au
tomatic system will be extended
through to Port Costa, the present lim
its of the double track, and as soon as
the double track to Sacramento is com
pleted it will be extended through to
that town.
Work on the First Section Out or Six
teenth Street Station I3 Well
Under Way.
EXTENDING AUTO3IATIC BLOCK
SYSTEM TO PORT COSTA
OAKLAND, Dec. 10. — The City
Council in executive session to-night
decided to fight the water rates case
to the end. This action was taken
after Councilman A. H. Elliott, as a
special committee of one, had made
a report on a resolution recently
adopted by the Council on motion of
Councilman John L. Howard, calling
for an investigation as to the status
of the litigation. The principal point
involved was whether the city would
be gainer by continuing the appeal
through the Supreme Court from
Judge Hart's decision, which fixed a
$7,000,000 valuation on the Contra
Costa Water Company's plant for rate
fixing purposes.
After listening to Councilman Elli
ott the members of the Council came
to the conclusion that the appeal
should be carried forward with all
expedition. It was argued that the
public mind in Oakland was set upon
a final judicial determination of the
long fought suit, which was inaugu
rated by the Contra Co3ta j Water
Company in opposition -to tthe action
of the City Council of 1900 in cutting
the water rates.
City Council Decides, After Hearing
Committee llcport, to Carry For
ward Appeal AVith Expedition.
WILL FIGHT WATER
RATES CASE TO END
When the Indians had gone Mrs. Fox
? •¦scaped io San German, where she
gave the first news of the slaughter and
<-f the presence of a band of Yaquis and
Seris in that part of the country. A
rescuing party was sent out from San
German to El Pozo to bring in the bod
ies of th<> victims of the Indians. The
men had be^n killed by bullets from
Indians. One of the women had been
killed by an arrow. Shortly after Mrs.
Fox reached San German two freight
ers arrived and reported that the band
had passed them at some distance
without seeing them. They were going
in the direction of Hermosillo.
-At Arroyo Hendiondo ten Indians,
supposed to be part of the same band,
sucked a party of men and women
v < rkfrg on a ranch and were driven
off only after a sharp fight, in which
two of thf> Indians are known to have
been wounded. On Wednesday night a
company nf twenty-five men com- j
manded by Jesus Ramirez, Chief of j
Police, left Guaymas for the scene of I
the trouble. They were headed by i
guides familiar with the country where i
the Indians have been reported. Un- i
lew the band succeeds in crossing to j
Hburon in small boats a fight with the '
forces sont out from various points is!
inexitable.
SAN JOSE DE GUAYMAP. Mexico,
Dec. 10. — Runners arriving from San
grrman have just brought news of a
terrible slaughter of ranchers by Yaqui
and Seri Indians. Appeals for assist
ance were urgent. Troops have already
been dispatched from Hermosillo and
relief parties from other points.
A band of fifty Seris and Yaquis first
made their appearance at El Pozo
ranch, near San German. James Fox,
the American proprietor of the ranch,
his wife and his mon, were at their
noon meal when they were warned of
the Indians' approach by the barking
of dogs. Thev found a half dozen
naked Yaquis and Seris at the door beg.
King for food. This was eventually
proven to be a ruse to decoy the un
suspecting American and his Mexican
employes from the house. While the
ranchmen were gathered about the
n^.vagcs the whole band of Seris and
Yaquis appeared from behind a hill
near the house and began firing. Only
a few had rifles, but the others were
armed with bows and arrows. Fox,
Tomas Basozabal and Cruz Barra fell.
Fox's wife succeeded in escaping
through the house to the outbuilding,
where she was successful in concealing
herself while the savages looted the
ranch house. Two Mexican women em
ployed on the ranch were killed along
with the men.
Special Ditpatch to The Call
Frightened AVife of the Owner
of a Farm Hides During a
Battle. Then Hurries to Town
The Portland mill alone, when the
extension is completed, will have a ca
pacity sufficient to load a 5000
ton steamship every eleven days, and
Mr. Wilcox has had positive assurance
from Mr. Harriman that a service ade
quate to meet all requirements will be
supplied at once. The Portland and
Asiatic Steamship Company, however,
will not wait for the construction of the
new mill to add steamers for the regular
service, for it has already aranged for
the mammoth steamship Algoa, which
left here last month, to return in Janu
ary and help out the regular steamer.
It is undecided yet whether or not the
Algoa will be continued regularly upon
the route, but if she Is not, other
steamers will take her place.
PORTLAND, Or., Dec. 10.— As a re
sult of the direct promises of E. H.
Harriman that the service of the Port
land and Asiatic Steamship Company
would be Increased to* meet the de
mands of the port by providing ample
facilities for flour shipments from this
city, the Portland Flouring Mills Com
pany -will immediately commence work
on an extension of its already ' great
plant in this city.
President Wilcox announced yester
day that the plans had all been com
pleted and construction work would
begin at once. The new mill will not
only be the largest upon the Pacific
Coast, but it will have a capacity
larger than any other two mills upon
the coast. The daily output will be
increased from 1'400 to 4500 barrels, and
it will swell the capacity of the en
tire system of mills controlled by this
concern to over 12,000 barrels per day.
Special Dispatch to The Ca'.l
Three other comets were seen at the
same time this most interesting visi
tor was in the neighborhood of the
earth, a full account of which appears
in bulletin No. 4 9, now being issued
from the observatory to correspond
ents.
BERKELEY, Dec. 10. — A comet
that was first observed fourteen years
ago and disappeared after a brief
visit has just repeated its perform
ance in front of the big thirty-six inch
telescope at Mount Hamilton. This
heavenly tramp was discovered by Dr.
Brooks in 1889, who kept track of it
for two months until it wandered out
of sight. Since then the astronomers
have been looking for the nomad's
return and recently the vigilance of
Dr. Aitken of Lick Observatory was
rewarded by a sight of it. The comet
again remained within view for two
months, affording a good opportunity
for studying its movements. The
comet was not seen, apparently, any
where else during the present appari
tion, as'the Lick observers were not
informed by other observers of its dis
covery.
This evening the ladies tendered a
reception to the delegates, after which
a lecture was delivered bv Joaquin
Miller.
Then the men again took the floor
and proceeded to tell how the fruit
could be made more profitable. The
pession closed with a general discus
sion.
The afternoon session was in charge
of the ladies. The first paper was read
by Mrs. E. Shafter Howard on the sub
ject of "Co-operation and Organiza
tion." Mrs. Amos Harris followed with
a paper full of good ideas on "Train
ing of the Children in Rural Improve
ment Ideas." "The Flower Garden"
was the subject of an address by Mrs.
Frank E. Cook. It was a departure
from the practical, or rather profitable
idea which has predominated all
through the sessions, but she showed
how home can be made beautiful, and
her effort was listened to with much
attention.
Professor A. J. Cook of Los Angeles
County had another scientific paper
about unfriendly insects, the title of
which was "Our Scale Pests." This
was a description in popular language
of the methods best adapted to the
remedy of the pests infesting orchards.
"New Observations on the Codlin
Moth" was the subject treated by Pro
fessor C. W. Woodworth. It was al
most noon when it was reached, but
the growers wanted to hear the paper,
and on motion the session was pro
longed for half an hour. Delegates who
planned a trolley ride had to leave
early, but the large majority remained
to listen to Professor Woodworth and
to Professor Warren T. Clarke, whose
paper on spraying operations in the
Pajaro Valley was a companion con
tribution to Professor Woodworth's.
The general conclusions were that
these friendly insects have done ev
erything expected of them, and that
the State should be thanked for giving
them every encouragement.
E. M. Ehrhorn, Horticunltural Com
missioner of Santa Clara County, read
another valuable paper, the subject of
which was '"Insects of the Year," a
resume of what is new in the field of
insect ravages and the remedies for
them.
The first paper at this morning's ses
sion was read by Professor H. E.
Twight of the State University. He
took as his subject "Xursery Grafting,"
and told of the work at the State Ex
perimental Station at Berkeley. Pro
fessor Twight went thoroughly into his
subject and at the conclusion was ac
corded a vote of thanks.
Alexander Craw of San Frane'sco
read the next paper. He took for his
subject "Friendly Insect?." It was an
exhaustive review of what has be*n
done in the introduction of those in
sects which by destroying others that
are fatal in orchards and vineyards de
serve to be classed among the best
friends of the horticulturist.
FRESNO, Dec. 10.— The third days
session of the State Fruit Growers'
convention was something of a depart
ure from those that had preceded it.
The afternoon and evening were given
over to the ladies. Women made the ad
dresses in the afternoon and they cer
tainly were no less practical or enrVr
taining than ihose delivered at other
sessions of the convention. This even
ing they gave a delightful reception in
Armory Hall, after which Joaquin
Miller delivered an interesting lecture.
A. R. Sprague brought forward an
addition to Berwick's postal reform
motion looking to an improvement in
the manner of money remittances
through the mails. Judd of Santa Cruz
submitted -a resolution providing for an
amendment of the procedure at the
n^xt convention, which would indicate
that there is a feeling of dissatisfaction
because so much Hire has been devoted
to polemics. Mr. Judd's motion was
that at th? next convention the first
three days Le given ever to the discus
sion of fruit culture.
WOMAN MAKES ESCAPE
FROM FLYING BULLETS
Entertaining Papers Read at
Fresno by Prominent Persons
Interested in Horticulture
Dr. Brooks' Comet Is Seen by
Dr. Aitken From Lick Ob
servatorv on Mount Hamilton
Many Steamships "Will Carry
From the Oregon Metropolis
a Vast Quantity of Freight
One American nnd Two Mexi
cans the Victims of a Band of
Marauding Savages in Sonora
POET DELIVERS LECTURE
TBADE TO BE ENLARGED
IS DISCOVERED IX 1889
Celestial Xomad Once More
.Visible After Being in Ob
scurity for Fourteen Years
Fair Sex Has an Important
and Entertaining Day at the
Convention of Fruit Growers
Harriman Encourages Portland
Men With Assurance of Gre'at
1 er Facilities for Flour Cargoes
RANCHMEN
FALL IRES
YAOUIS FIRE
WOMEN SPEAK
TO DELEGATES
MILLS PROMISE
BIG SHIPMENTS
STELLAR TRAMP
AGAIN APPEARS
THE "SAN FRANCISCO CALL\ FRIDAY; DECEMBER n, 1903.
9
AMTJSEME2JTS.'
Dazzling _Vaud8 villa!
Pauline Hull: Francesca Redding and
. Company; Hincs and Remington;
'•Bonner*' and the Brittons. Last
times of Hal Godfrey and Company;
Agnes Mahr; Clarice Vance and Jo-
seph Xcwman.
Reserved Seats. 25c; Balcony, 10c; Box Seats
and Opera Chairs. COc.
ItAST 3 NIGHTS — Matinee Saturday.
William Brady's Elaborate 'Production of Lot-
tie Blair Parker's Pastoral Play,
WAY DOWN EAST
Elaborated by Jot. R. Grismer.
LAST TIME NEXT SXTCDAY NIGHT.
BEGINNING NEXT MONDAY,
. The Greatest of Singing Comediennes,
LULU GLASER
In Stance & Edwards' Dainty Comic Opera,
DOLLY VARDEN
j SEATS WOW BEADY.
i ¦
» X £^k A rV G T> Belasco & Mayer,
ALCAZAR E pr r^.
- t*£ > General Manager.
POSITIVELY THIS WEEK ONLY.
MATINEES TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
The' Extraordinary Romantic Comedy
A ROYAL PRISONER
HAS DELIGHTKD TIIK CRITICS:
••The last act Is thp best of all. When tho
'curtain Tell thr crowd didn't want to move."
— Ashlcn Stevens in Examiner.
"I wouldn't have missed it for -anything, i
Nor should you." — Blanche Partlngton in Call.
Evk».. 2. r >c to 7.'>r; Mats. Sat. & Sun., IjV; to TiOc.
NEXT MONDAY— Hrilllant Prfaentatlon of
/David Helcsro and Franklin Kyles'
- Famous Military Drama,
THE GIRL \ LEFT BEHIMD ME.
CUTUSTMAS WEEK— BLUE JEANS.
Market Street, near Eighth. Phone South BS3.
TO-XIGHT— LAST THREEMGHTf!.
MATINEK TO-MORUO'.V AND SUNDAY.
The Stupendous Htnsational Melodrama,.'
NEW YORK DAY BY DAY
MatohUss Original Storj-/
Great .Hrart Interest and Abundant : Comedy.
pD'fpC Evenings.. ..40c to 6Oe
1 UlVi/J Matinees :..10c. 13c, 2Sc
Monday. December 1+;
"THE SCOVT'S EE7 S27GE."
CHP.ISTMAS WEEK— ALPHOXSE AND GAS-
TON.
Racing!^^^^ Racing!
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
XEW. CALIFORNIA JOCKET CLC3.
. :... Commencing November 1*.
' P.«cinc Each Week Day. Kain or SMoa.
Six or More Babes Daily.
R«ce»* commence at 2 : 15 p. m. lh arp.
For »peclal trains stopping »t tbe track uk«
K P. Ferry.- foot of Market street, at IX
12:30. 1:00 l:S» or 2 o'clock. No. •moilnj ta
lact two cars. v which «x» ¦ re«erv«d for U-ile»
and their escorts.
Keturnlnc train* letr* ¦ track at : 4:13 asd
4 :«5- and lmmpdiately lifter th» U«t r*e«- '
. . , THOMAS H. WILLIAJIS. Pre»ldeat
PERCY -.W.- TREAT. Secretary. * '
BAJA CALIFORN I A
Damiaha Bitters
IS A' GREAT RESTORATIVE, INVIGORA-
tor and Nervine.' ' : ' ' -
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican : Remedies for Diseases of the
Kidney* and Bladder. -.'Sells on its own merits.
NABBR, ALFS &• BRUNE. Agents. v . ¦
323 Market St., S. F. — (Send for Circulars).
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Local Cloak Manufacturers
They Sacrifice 4.-. | | o KiTi Per i^ ent
THEIR STOCK lA) U& at 3\J) Reduction
SALE BEGINS TO-DAY.
FltXSant $20.00 Suits at $10 00
LICSdIIL. 52> .00 Suits at $ 1 2.50
Tailor-Madc--$ 3 >-o'o : suitsvat$i5:oo
DiiiTO 40 - 00 Suits- at $20.00
OUIIO. JJ0.00 Suits at $25.00
Stvlish $1750 Goats at $8.50
„:.-.. J - r . $20.00 Coats at $10.00
Military Coats $2> 00 Coats at $12.50
Long Military Coats, .$12.50, $15.00, $17.50
Regular Prices, #25.00 to $35.00. •
| SEE OUR WINDOWS |
¦¦' Wholesale Manufactupcps
J^ 1142-1146 MARKET ST.
ADVEBTISEMEHTTS.
fefe. HE gems of our
Vr^H Furniture col-
J^^^J lection are the
{32Q^ exquisite mod-
els in Parlor and
Music Cabinets,
. Ladies Writing
Desks and Work
Tables. Executed
a in Hahogany,
Weathered Oak
and Verni-Martln,
these pieces have
the beauty of ex=
clusiveness and
utlHty. A rich and
widely varied dis-
play of Furniture
Novelties, Rugs and
Tapestries, partic-
ularly appropriate
for gifts, may now
beseen at our Show
Rooms.
Cr MARKET JX
opp. Kearrv^
1
DDTTCUrC FOR BARBERS. BA-
DilUuriljU V:rr '- boo!l>liiCks. bath-
*-*¦*-•*-' W11UU bouses, billiard t*blt».
erewers bookliirders, candy-m«ker«, canner»,
lyei*. flcur tuills. toundrien, laundries," paper-
t^nrers. printer*, painters. 6hoe fartorlea,
• ufclem^r. tar-roofer». t«nn^r«. tailor*, eta
BtTCHAlfAlT BROS..
Crutb Kjuulacturcri. 609 Sacrasaentc St.
AMTJSEHTENTS. y. :¦ -
Go Where the Crowds Go. Do as Others Do.
To Laugh Your Wretched Blues Away
Jugt Go See '
1 "1-O-U"~
The New Musical Burlesque that Is the Talk
of the Town and the Hit of the Season.
Our "All Star" Cast, including: Kolb anj
Dill. Barney Bernard. Winfteld Blake. Maud*
' Amber. Georgia O'Ramey. Ben T. Dillon. Al-
thea Twins.
Next Monday — First appearance of ALLEN"
CURTIS, the world's greatest Hebrew Come-
dian. Novel stage effects and magnificent cos-
tumes. New music, new songs and new Jokes.
Seats two weeks in advance. Matinees Satur-
day and Sunday.
MATUTEE TO-KOBBOW.
LAST TWO NIGHTS.
MARIE HEATH
IN THE CHARMING RURAL DRAMA OF
NEW ENGLAND LIFE
FOR MOTHER'S SAKE.
NEXT SUNDAY .NIGHT, J. H. Stoddart and
Reuben Fax in THE BONNIE BRIER BUSH.
DDirCC. EVENINGS. 15c. 23c. 50c. "5c.
fMlvCj. MATINEES. 15c. 25c. 50c.
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSmVTrTTCTS.
ELLERY'S
ITALIAN BAND
— AND — J -•
MORESCA TROUPE OF SWORDSMEN
ALHAMBRA THEATER.
LAST THREE NIGHTS.
MATINEKS TO SIOUROW AND SUNDAY.
RAGTIME SMOKER TO-MORROW NIGHT.
Programmes Changed at Every Performance.
RESERVED PEATS 25c. Me. 75c. AT SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO/S-
Children 'J5c to All Parts of -the House.
BAZAAR.
CHRISTMAS PRESENTS CHEAP. > i
YO'.TR FUTURE REVEALED.
S p. m.. Dec. tl and 12.
519 VAN NESS AVE.
* • • ===3 ;
PflWp D0NtT FA!L T0
taiaVW Ke ti, e beautifnl
COURT Lounging
/I fin roam, the EMPIRE
ailil PARLOR, th«
pi * PALM ROOM, tho
lif/lflU LOUIS XV PAR-
ui aiiu LOR^ ud the LA .
O . 1 DIES' WRITING
Hotels rqom -
DR.PIERCES^
MEDICAL j
DISCOVERY
- : FOR THE - - _
BLOOP,tLIVER.LLINGS;
IA7. T. HESS, x
Votary Public and Attoxney-at-X*w>
Tenth Fluor. Room 1015. Claus Spreckels bldg.
Telephone Main U8a.
Resldecce. S21 California at., below PowcU.
R*F'.dcnce Telephcn* Janm 1501.
Sehools and Colleges.
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OF TUB
WEST. 24 Fort «t-. San Fnndaeo. CM.
EiUMished 40 y«ar«. . Open enttra ymr.
, Writ* for lUuatntcd caUIocu* (trsej.
AMUSEMENTS.
I PIANO RECITAL
Angelus
Piano
Player
STEINWAY HALL
The next complimentary concert by th«
Angelus Department of Sherman Clay &
Co. will be given
Saturday, December 12
At 3 o'clock
At Steinway Hall.
AIR. \//\N YORX
Will Preside at the Piano With tne Aid of
XHE ANGELUS
— AND—
Mary Carpanetto Mead
Will Be the Soloist of the Occasion.
These recitals are free to all and com-
plimentary tickets may be had at the atore
any time before the recital. ¦
PROGRAMME— PART I.
vl. Midsummer Night's Dream. Mendelsaohn
Wedding March and Elfin Chorus.
Transcription . by Liszt. :
2. Valse L*ntc\ Sleveking
3. Sonfr. "My Mother Bids Me Bind
My Hair" Haydn
Accompanied on the piano by Mr.
Van Yorx with the aid of the Angelus.
4. Caprice — Burlesque Op 3. No. 1..
.....'. .OBsip Gabriloxritscb
PART II.
5 March. Op. 3J>; No. 1 Ilollaender
ft. Tristan and Isolde Wagner-Liszt
Isolde's 'Uovp-Death.
7. Songs — a "Tho Spring Has Come"
White
b "The Message of the Vio-
let" /^udcr3
"From th«> "Princo of Pils^n." ac-
companied on the piano by Mr. Van
Yorx. with the aid of the Angclus.
8. Rhapprwii* Hon?rol«e No. <?....... .LJs,zt
SHERMAN. OL.AY & CO..
Sutler and Kearny tits., S. F.
Cp THIS WEEK ONLY. jjwa I
| Thp Ever Welcome Favorite. (Jr p •%!
O/V |Yrctrr8flYiiai(iwi|
YON SON
With Ne!»e Erickron. the greatest of all
v Swedish dialect epmedians.
NEXT SUN2AT
JOS. HART. FOXY i
CARRIE DE MAR In GRANDPA.
Exactly as given 2SO nights In New York.
THE ALLEN SISTERS
And V Great Show Every Afternoon and;
Eveninsr in the Theater.
LNTEIiESTING KABIKS IN THE INFANT
¦-',-*>¦ I.VCl'SATORS.
SAKAOBTAS 15 TXE ZOO!
LOT? OF FUN IN THE PENNY ARCADE.
Stroll Through the MIP.ROK MAZE.
See ANITA and Her BABY MONKEY.
,. Aomission, 10c;: Children, 7k\
¦ When Phoning Ask for "The Chutes."
R_^PATEMTSl' .I
"111 I HIM! I IWJ~i iifliVf
V MTARKET ST. S F.
MAV ' s - and G. Boots and Shoes.
1^ I 1 1^ Warranted T\ateniroof. for
* " V *¦ . Hunters. Surveyor*. . Mln-
• V-v w t ¦*' era. etc. - Send for catalog.
A Oil A SHREVE& BARBER CO.
|{*,3«|V, r * _.73» Market SW S. y.
ADVERTISEMENTS. >^
¦ tt At A * , -, -sj M^ r~i
Ida M. TarbellV |^™t^
sxoRYy of rockefeller:
in her History of the Standard Oil Company
is "one of the most remarkable and stirring
that has ever appeared in a magazine," says
the Chicago Record-Herald. The chapter
in the Christmas McClure's is great.
V~ Every number of McClure's contains special articles —
articles of the greatest interest on subjects of burning
national importance ; and good short stories — at least a half
dozen — and always good. _ _
OUXJOl/AiiJI* 1904 end eetthe.Kovem- ** PISJIM 1 IlKJ
Ttff^ T/V *f <"*i December nwn- Cl /)/]
11 \J rr ter$ of this year free. j>A»VU
Tin S. S. McClure Company, 615 Lexincton Building, New York, N. Y. > f"•Farm hinds' in NorWay receive'? 40 to
SSO a year. SgBSS ¦ -
Sale of Denver Team Is Off.
DENVER, Dec. 10. — The negotia
tions for the sale of the Denver West
ern League team to James Doyle are
off. There was a misunderstanding as
to terms and the option, which ex
pired to-day, was not renewed.
CHRISTIAN1A. Pec." 10.— Th» N'orwesian
Parliament ' has- awarded the annual' Nobel
pr-ace. crlze of . $.1!>.15O - to V William * K.\t Crcmor,*
M. * I'..'- publisher' of the Arbitrator of London,
for his work In behalf ."of international; arbitra
tion. ' "
Preparing for St. Louis Game.
PRINCETON. N. J., Dec. 10.— The ex
ecutive committee of the_ Intercollegiate
Gymnastic Association has decided that
all men winning places in the inter
col! eriate. meet here on March 26 next
will be sent to St. Louis rfext summer
to compete. in the.events in connection
with the exposition
P30BABIiE WINHEB3.
rirst race— Harbor, Caroburn, Water
epcut.' "<¦ •¦
Second race — Joctey - Club, St. - Winl
frida, BliBsJul. '
..Third race— The Poff, Bay Wonder,
Ananias.
' Fourth race— Solon, Ecrton, Soiario.
iTiftb race — Bedwald, Conatsllatcr,
Cambaccrec. - - \
Sixth race— Beau Ormonde, Ejslcare,
Eyrca Eoss. .; ..-.¦"".•.
New Orleans Race Results.
NEW ORLEANS, Dec. 10.— Crescent
City results:
First race, one mile — Mynheer won,
Mrs. Frank 'Foster second, De Reszke
third. Time,. 1:44. •:.'
Second: race, four and a half fur
longs — Symphony won, Trossachs sec
ond, Lilly Daily third. Time, :56.
Third race' one mile— Bud . Embry
won. Bard , of Avon second, Macbeth
third. -Time, 1:44 2-5.
• Fourth race, sever^furlongs— Big Ben'
won." Charlie .Thompson second. Duel
ist third. Time, 1:29. * -• .. » .
Fifth face, one, mile— Bird wood won,;
Badger second," Free Admission third.
Time, 1:44 4-5.*:/^r^-
Sixth race, ore 'mile— Mountebank
won, -Wreath of Ivy second,' Ora Me-
Kirir/ey" third. Time, 1:43 3-5.1
WANT CALIFORNIA LEAGUE
TO SIGN THE AGREEMENT
Eastern Baseball Magnates Anxious to
Have the Support of the
Coast Clubs.
NEW YORK. Dec. 10. — The annual
meeting of the board of directors of
the National Baseball League termi
nated to-day after a brief session, the
only business of importance announced
being: the delegating of James A. Hart
of Chicago to go to California to con
fer with the. California League in an
«.-17ort 10 have that organization sign
the national agreement.
Christmas Presents.
Playln? cards, same counters, poker
chip*. < loos? or in elegant cases*, ches*
mer. <1omlnr.es and checkers all mnke ac
ceptable Christmas presents. *?r s«ale to
greatest variety at Saflbom & \all s. *
Sues for Fifty Thousand Dollars.
SAN' JOSE. Dec. 10. — A suit for I
$50,000 damages was commenced her*
to-day by W. L. Wells against the
San Jose Railroad Company, the Ger
man Savings and Loan Society and
George Tourry. Plaintiff allege*
that the defendants on the 23d of Sep
tember negligently permitted a broken
wire of their Delmas avenue line of
street car3 to lie upon the sidewalk,
without notice or signal, and "that la
the darkness of nijht he came in con
tact with !t and received an electric
shock which paralysed one-half of hi*
body permanently.
Wfll Meet Police Committee to Make
Arrangement Satisfactory to
Mrs. McConnt'H.
The. representatives of the Yosemite
Athletic Club appeared before the Su
pervisors' Police Committee yesterday
in regard to the complaint of Mrs. Me-
Connell that it had not acted fairly
in the benefit given to her son Frank,
who was injured at the exhibition
given by the Tanners' Union. Harry
Corbett produced vouchers to show
that the club had paid hospital and
doctor's bills aggregating nearly $1000,
which was all it had agreed to do
when it applied for the permit to aid
young HcConnelL There was a de
ficit of $256. which the club made
goo<? after the purse and other ex
penses had been paid. The committee
postponed consideration of the com
plaint until next Thursday, when the
representatives of the San Francisco,
Yosemite and Hayes Valley Athletic
clubs -will be present and will prob
ably agree to some arrangement that
Bill be satisfactory to Mrs. McConnell.
ATHLETIC CLUB »f AY GIVE
FURTHER AH) TO PUGILIST
Unless something unforeseen happens
the committees from the Waiters' and
Cooks' unions will meet a' lilie commit
tee from tha Restaurant Keepers' As
sociation this morning at 20 Eddy street
and settle thsir differences. Secretary
F. A. Swain of the association was au
thorized last evening to send a com
munication to the unions Inviting them
to a conference and hs sent the follow
ing letter: y
. San Francisco, Dec. 10, 1933.
Burt La Kue. Secretary Local Joint Execu
tive Itoard — Dear Sir: Answering your com
munication of even date, the executive com
mittee of thU association requests me to iitate
that the dally press Is In error, as we have
rent no communication to the Cooks' and Walt
ers' tinier.* since Friday 1m:. the 4th Inst.
The re<i'Jf ct for a conference, was not prop
erly made. a.» Mr. Johnson, though chairman
of the board, wai» net authorized to receive a
verbal one, and he *o informed the committee.
If the CookV Union No. 4i and the Waiters'
Union No. ;>O desire a confer. nee and will so
Inform ui", our committee Is willing: to meet
tnfcm. the meat convenient time for us being
11 o'clock to-monow morning.
The hall at 20 Eddy street, where the board
of arbitration mtt, will undoubtedly be at our
disposal. Yours truly,
F. A. SWAIX, Secretary.
Committees from the association
wore engaged yesterday visiting the
various restaurants o* the city with
a view to getting the uroprietors to
agree to close if so requested. Accord
ing to Chairman M. Johns >i of the
executive commutes of the association
the committees met with great success,
and if the present trouble Is not ad
justed more_ places wlil close thsir
doors.
One of the strongest objections the
association hasi mad2 to the agreement
which the unions are attempting to
have individual restaurant keepers
sign permits such places as Zinkand's,
Techau's and the ' 'Lobvre to have an
"open house." This means .they may
employ non-union help and pay them
$3? 50 a month_and work th.^m twelve
hours a day, whereas .tho restaurant
keeper is forced to employ union men
and only work them ten hours a day
ardfpay them not less than |io 51 a
week. They further object to U12 agree
ment because It v/il! hold good until
13C5.
VThis is thprvflr'st time any communi
cation' has been, received > from .the
unions ; since the tronble - began." said
Chairman Johnson. "The unions claim
Restaurant Keepers Agree to
Meet Committee From Cooks'
and Waiters' Unions To-Day
ANOTHER COSTLY FIRE AT
SEVENTH AND BRAXXAX
Smith Corhpany Loses Second Ware
house in a Year, Latest Loss Being
Estimated at $35,000.
For the second time inside of a year
the H. P. Smith Company, S10 and S12
Brannan street,, has suffered the less
of a hay and grain warehouse with
contents. Last night" the structure
erected by that company to replace the
one destroyed a few months ago
was burned. This is the third big fire
in this locality during the year.
About 10:30 o'clock Watchman David
Henry, .who is employed by the San
Francisco Hay Compress Company, on
Seventh street near Brannnn, discov
ered the blaze near the roof of the
Smith barn and turned in an alarm.
As soon as the Fire Department ar
rived on the scene a second alarm was
turned in. Chief Sullivan headed the
fire flshters and the main efforts of
the derrartment were directed to the
saving of the McNab and Smith stor
age barns next to the burning ware
house. The. east and south walls gave
way and the firemen were compelled \o
run for their lives." Hcserrran William
Hart of engine No. 6 was caught by
the falling hay and stunned. He \yas
quickly "dragged from the debris and
conveyed to a nearby saloon, where he
soon recovered.
The loss to the HAP.' Smith'Company
will amount, to about '$35,000, almost
fully covered by insurance.- McNab &
Smith"s loss is JoOO.
It is thought by the firemen that a
spark from the flpfi of Sunday night
next to Smith's warehouse may. have
lodged in the hay fiSid smoldered until
it broke into flames"*last night. Super
intendent Comstock of the. Fire Patrol
and Fire Marshal To\ve hint at incen
diarism.
C2S9 Lady Belalr <T. Cavanaugh) 107
5121 "Waterspout (B. Smith) 104
Second race— Six and a half furlongs; 3-year
clds ami up: celling:
5421 »St. Winifrtde (W. B. Sink) 102
f>414 »IJKK Noks (S. «. Mcrton & Co.) 10ft
- •Koinalne - U. Kane) .104
540fi •Dllssful iE. B. Smith) 102
M^l Jockey Club (TV. Fisher) j.,..112
51*0S I'olcnius tS. P. Tate) 112
5432 L?aih ( It .'jevy) 104
54:J4 »Tamm (\V. P. Magrave & Co.) 102
4«»-t Clausus (T. II. Ryan) 112
oVSi Brennus Ouflco At Co.) 107
r.42<S Adirondack (C. Shcnncn) 104
54;:;) •Albcmarle (K.- Tierney) IW
Third race — Five and a half furlongs; all
ages; railing:
f>41t "Waterpcwer (H. Storer) 110
K5SW 'Loyal S (V. Gilbert) 107
54:« »Foxy GronOra (J.-Coffey) S3
54lTi Ananias U. F. Rchorr) !>2
b:W2 *Muresc& -(Mrs. Miller) . " 102
541S • Hay Wonder <J. F. Newman) .......101
. r il2<i J'">hn Hoggs (C. Mulkcy) 109
ri427,«Silent Water (1J. A. Smith) 82
.VJOS Quiet (II. E. ¦ Rowell) ...ldtt
r>424 *Doric<! <n. Schreiber) 87
54<:y »Flo Manola (M. .I.Daly) M
,5i2S «The Fcg <\\VB. Sink) 104
Fourth race, one and a sixteenth miles, four
year-olds nnd upward; Belling:
544.1 Achllloa (McCabe & Co.) 108
fl4(iS Rio Chico (Harris & Co.). ..:....... » . 102
5425 'Rosarfe (C. W. Chsppelle) 100
Ml!) Harry Reck (Lynch &. Co.) ..105
54X r » folon (G. Webb) 1C2
r>417 »ForeFt Klnir (S. J. Jones). ......... .100
543". Illowaho (W. H. Ketcheman) 108
5425 llorton (Dlancbl & McGovern) 112
5433 Pat Morrlteey (T. Wellman) 1C2
542S *O«car Tolle (Klunder & Rurns)..:...10.'!
S421! Kitty Kelly (W. L. . Stanfleld) 1C.*»
54CS St. Wiida (Raisin City Stable) 102
-': Fifth race,, seven furlongs, four-year-olds
¦ and upward: selling: :
54H2 'Schwarzwald^B. Schreiber) 07
54."17 *Cainbacere8 (V. ¦ Gilbert) . .v. 1C2
5422 •Constellator (Keating & Co.) 07
5425 Harry Thatcher (Mrs. Hasting?)..... 107
.1410 Shellmount (T. Wellman). 102
'B-I2S Rlnaldo (Slekiyon Stable) 1C2
5 t2ft Silver Fizz (G. Lanka). 107
5410 Galanthun (J. Coffey) 107
MaO'Aunt Foll>v(Grafrort ¦& Co.) ...107
r»4.'tP» Velrra Clark f J. J. MeAletster) 107
MM .The Miller (G. P. McNeil) ...... .....102
5425 Hedwald . (W. ' P. Magrane & Co.). ..'..107
Sixth race, one mile, three- year-olds and up
ward: nurse:
.... Carson Beauty (W. Thompson) 110
t»«1 Dolly-' Hayman <W. MrLomore) .'. . . . . .101
WW Beau Ormonde (Mrs. E. L. Krlpp)...l10
M30 Colonel.Vnn (D. Fountain).... ..107
M10 Plan (W. Fisher) ......../ .107
5431 Byron Rrre (R. Wllron) .107
5424 Heather Honey, (A. Leach) ........ ..105
6310 Epicure (A. Dobson) ...104
1 • 'Apprentice allowance. " .
The Grand Jury commenced its in
vestigation last evening of the adminis
tration of the County Clerk's office un
der the regime of A. B. Mahony and the
alleged manipulations of the monthly
pay rolL
Harry Barbee was the first witness
called into the jury room. He testi
fied that he secured his position in the
County Clerk's office through Bier &
Regensberger, salary brokers, and that
he took the oath of office while in their
presence. Barbee testified to giving the
salary brokers assignments of his sal
ary for eight months and said that
through them he drew $75 per month,
while his salary warrant called for $125.
He said he did not know who received
the $50 balance of his salary. He fur
ther testified that he had worked con
tinuously for the last three months
and that no salary warrant was drawn
for him for September and that hi?
name only appeared for twenty days in
November.
Barbee was asked if he knew of Mar
tin Brady, A. Davidson, J. A. McKenBa
and J. Pierce working as deputies in the
County Clerk's office and he replied
that he did not. The names of the
four mett mentioned appear on the pay
rolls certified to by Mahony.
"Colonel" Martin Brady was next
called before the Jurors'and he claimed
that he worked as a deputy under Ma
hony. When asked how many days
he had worked In the last three months,
he replied, "The records are the best
evidence."
Questioned as to Davidson, McKenna
cr Pierce working in the office, Brady
replied that "he did not keep watch
on the others and it was not his duty
to do so."
J. A. McKenna testified that he^did
not know how Mahony conducted hip
office and said it was his duty to draw
the salary warrants and make' out the
pay roll as directed by Mahony.
Although McKenna's work would or
dinarily tak.» one day, the witness said
that he worked every day of the week
during the month. He made the same
answer as Brady to the question as to
certain men working in the office— that
it was not his business to keep watch
en the other clerks.
Henry Ingeerson. Deputy, Auditor,
testified to the identity of the pay rolls
of the County Clerk's office and th£
salary warrants certified to by Mahony.
Regensbergor, the salary broker, was
then called before the Jurors. He de
nied the assertions of Barbee, who
claimed that the, broker had held out
$50 of each monthly salary. Regens
berger claimed that Barbee had been
advanced money each month, depositing
an assignment of his salary as secur
ity. When the broker collected -the
salary Barbie received the balance due
him, less interest, claimed Regensber
ger.
The investigation will be taken up
Again this afternoon at 3. when Ma
hony will be called before the Jury.
Grand Jury Calls Witnesses and
Hears Testimony as to Stuff
ing of the Pay Rolls
NTXETY-SIX GREYIIOUXDS
'. IX JXGLESIDE STARE
A Number of Representatives From
Weil Known Eastern Kennels
Are Among the Entries.
Ninety-six greyhounds, including
a number from the Eastern kennels,
are carded to Etart to-morrow at In
gleside Coursing Park. The first
brace of dogs will be sent to the slips
at 11:20 o'clock. The draw last night
resulted as follows:
Hcjmr Boy vs. Lily York; Moonbeam v».
Little Lucy: Sofala n. Pure l'earl: \\>d&e-
Trowi vs. Mcllie Me; Frisky Barbara vs.
Comlque: Haddlngton v*. Master Washington;
Lady Menlo v» Northern Lad; Young Fearless
vt Manru; Little Pluneer vs. Dartaway;
Adonis vs. Firm Fellow; Our Myra vs. Golden
Light; Cremo vs. Lost Girl; Flnoola vs. Bril
liancy; Uecicless Acrobat vs. Benapronlus; Pro
metheus vs. Jirr.roy Anthony; Doris vb. Men
Argosy; Half Moon vs. Nora Hill; Northern
Alarm v*. Fenii; Sergeant Major vi. Orslna;
Recruit v«. Mark Twain; Belfast vs. • Don
Pedro; Gilmore Girl vs. Tonsy Turvey; Idaho
Hey vbj. gilevenamcn ; Irish Lad vs. Doc Burns;
Lord Granard vs. Jerry, Wright; Mountain
Poet vs. Maid ft Gov/rie: Tobasco Bob vs.
l>creen; Conwtoclc vs. Jlnele Bells; Koyal
Fport vs. ltemirao Animo; Our Minnie vs.
May Fluch; Flora Temple ve. Encore; Texas
J!ia vs. Silver Cloud; Yukon vs. "Bob R; Gold
Chain vs. Golden Links; Ulackboon vs. B'ack
Boy; Miss Grt«n v*. Progreaso ; Tralee. Maid
vs. Tr»l*<? Laes; Lord God vs. Hesper; Toron
to v*. Irvinirton Tralee; Intruder vs. Vina;
Glaucus v». Mellinwood; Haphazard v«. Bon
nie HuEhle; Fair Glen yr. Mirage; Harlean
Gla-dv«« vs. White Etoekino; Idleness vs.
Linda VisU: Flaunt ve. Roy Hughie; Texas
Betty v«. Equator; Good Decision vs. Med
<Jlesome.
The big main event of the Lincoln
Athletic Club's show did not take place
last night, and there was disappoint
ment in the faces of the followers of
the game who had turned out" by the
hundreds to see it. Frank Manasso,
who looks like Jeffries andVho was to
have put up his mitts against "Mick"
Dunn, failed to come through at the
last moment, so a poor old man who
called himself Jack Sullivan took up
the burden and was handed the wallop.
Sullivan was old and feeble and could
not go. He kept offlcing up to,the Irish
terror in an effort to keep from get
ting hit, and the letter was kind
enough to leave him alone. The pair
swung at each other for a while, and
then they clinched for another while.
Just before the gong sounded Sullivan
went to the carpet and forgot to arise,
so it Mas curtains then with the main go.
The bout between Joe Larkin and
Jack Burke made up for the farcical
main event. Such slugging has not
been seen In an amateur- arena for
many a day. They began to pass the
wallop around in the first period, and
never for a moment did they show
signs of slackening their speed.
Each scored a clean knockdown in
the initial round. They continued to
fight just as fast in the next spasm.
The third v,-as the best round, and
whon it was over both men were cov
ered with gore, but still ready to go on.
They kept up the pace in the last
round, and Burke was awarded the de
cision for his better all around tactics.
Tom Sullivan outpointed Joe Podesta
in a four-round affair that contained
lots of fighting. Sullivan had his man
nearly out in the last two rounds and
displayed a world of cleverness. Dick
Richards outpointed Jack Gomersal in
four rounds. Joe Kelly got the decision
over Jack Bradshaw in four rounds.
Willie Frlel defeated Willie Grady in
the same space of time.
Jack Welch, the ofEcial referee of
the Colma Athletic Ctib, will be the
third man in the ring to-night when
Ferguson and Johnson. clash for twen
ty rounds in the San Mateo County
fighting pavilion.
Spider Kelly, who will be Ferguson's
chief gecond. has not been friendly
¦with Welch for some years and he ad
vised the Boston man to hold out for
Eddie Graney. The representatives of
the fighters and of the club met last
night to name the refere£. There was
a deadlock for a time and then Zick
Abrams, acting for Johnson, suggested
that slips of paper bearing the names
of Graney and Welch be placed in a
hat and that Ferguson's manager, A.
A. McLean, draw one out. This was
done and the slip bearing Welch's
name was drawn.
The betting went to 10 to 4 last
night, but there was little money wag
ered. Ferguson has few admirers who
concede him a chance against a man
of Johnson's known cleverness.
Johnson took two short trips on the
road yesterday, but did no boxing.
After he came off the road in the aft
ernoon he did a few moments of
•shadow boxing." which ended his
training for the fight.
This morning he will take n short
walk Just to keep in trim. In the aft
ernoon he will cross the bay and will
rest until it is time to start for Colma.
The big colored mans condition is all
he could wish. His muscles are firm
and pliant and every movement shows
the thoroughly trained athlete. John
son says: "I feel like a winner. Dur
ing the time I have been training
everything has srone well, and I h:ive
not a single complaint to make. As
far as I know I am in perfect shape
and if I lose it will be because Fergu
son is a better man. If I win, as I
think I will, I hope I will get a chance
to box Jeffries for the championship-"
Ferguson's friends claim Johnson
does not take kindly to punishment
end that their man will surely land on
him. Manager McLean says: "I have
seen them fljrht twice and have a good
Use on Johnson's ability. The colored
champion will have to be 50 per cent
better than he was on the previous
meetings, or he will not have a chance
with Sandy."
The gymnasium of the Olympic Ath
letic Club presented an animated ap
pearance last evening. It was "ladles*
night," and the fair friends of the
members crowded the clubhouse and
enjoyed an excellent entertainment.
The Columbia Park Eoys* Club, an ad
junct of the Olympic Club, sent forth
its young soldiers and athletes to ehow
the members and their friends how
cleverly they could drill and perform.
Small boys were they, and their work
created surprise to the onlookers. The
little athletes showed careful training
in all departments and were heartily
applauded for their~"work.
The class in parallel bars brought
forth a bunch of sturdy youngsters,
who went through remarkable evolu
tions. The choral singers of the club
raised their sweet voices in melody,
and were repeatedly encored. The tum
bling was fine and created a great deal
of favorable comment.
The feature of the entertainment was
the singing of Master. Talbot. He ren
dered the "Congo Love Song" so beau
tifully that the fair ones in the audi
ence wanted to hug him. The Moresca
Club, a band of Slavonians, gave a
realistic imitation of a battle. They
called it "Moresca," and used long
knives to heighten the effect. The
blades glistened and the clash of steel
scared many. The actors In the drama
showed great skill in wielding the
knives and in dancing. They were
picturesque in their native costume.
The lads from the Columbia Park
Boys' Club then did fancy buck-jump
ing and performed on the Roman rings.
Master O'Day sang "The Bloom is on
the Rye" and was , applauded for his
efforts.
In the temporary absence of Presi
dent William Greer Harrison the prizes
were awarded by Judge J. C. B. Heb
bard. Henry B. Rues, Adolph Kosh
land and Otto Rittler kept a close
watch on the youngsters who went
through the exercises, and decided
Frank Nagle did the best all-round
work. Herman Stein was best on the
parallel bars, Louis Stein best on the
Spanish rings and Emile Muheim the
best buck Jumper.
In presenting the prizes Judge Heb
bard paid a high tribute to Major Sid
ney Peixotto, who has charge of the
boys. He said Mr. Peixotto was devot
ing his life helping to develop young
manhood. He also took occasion to
speak highly of the men and women
who were contributing their money to
aid this worthy institution. As each
youth v/as called forward he was ap
plauded and returned to the ranks with
a gold or silver medal pinned on his
blouse. The youngsters owe their ath
letic ability to George Schlitter, who is
their instructor.
After the entertainment the visitors
roamed through the big clubhouse.
CONFERENCE
IS ARRANGED
NEW YORK. Dec. 10.— The fourth
day of the six-day bicycle race found
eight teams still tied for first place with
Moran end Keegan Just a lap behind,
having been unable to regain the lap
they were penalized when they Joined
forces after losing their first team
mates. The other three teams appar
ently have little chance of catching the
leaders, though the pace is very slow.
At 10 a. m. the Contenet-Breton. Lean.
der-Butler, Floyd Krebs-Peterson,
Newkirk-Jacobson, Bedell brothers,
Root-Dorland, Bowler-Fisher and Wal
thour-MonVoe teams had completed
1409 miles 9 Iap3, Moran-Keegan 1409
miles 8 laps. Samson-Vanderstuyft 1408
miles 9 laps, Franz Krebs-Gougoltz
1400 miles 9 laps and Dove-Hedspeth
1396 miles 6 laps.
Root and Dorian were declared out
of the race'at 11:30 to-night after hav
ing made 1206 miles 7 laps. Dorian was
unable to ride as the result of a fall
on Monday.
At midnight Contenet and Breton,
Leanders and Butler, Krebs and Peter
son, Newkirk and Jacobson, John and
M. Bedell, Bowler and Fisher and Wal
thour and Monroe were tied at 1633
miles 2 Laps. Moran and Keegan had
1633 miles 1 lap to their credit.
Frank Kramer, the world's champion
unpaced rider, broke the indoor un
paced record for a half mile to-night,
making the distance In 53 2-5 seconds.
they have tried to have a conference,
but I could not agree to let them ap
pear before the association. We are
absolutely satisfied with our position
and we will r.ot attemp: harsh meas
ures until ve are actually compelled to
and then we will consider the advis
ability of such action. We do not wish
to Inconvenience the public"
CLOAKMAKERS' STRIKE HAS
NOT BEEN SETTLED YET
Laborers' Protective Union Will Dis
cuss the Standing of Police Com-
missloncr Thomas Reagan.
The troubles of the cloakmakera
and their employers have not yet been
settled. The matter .was referred to
Mayor Schmitz, but no agreement has
been reached.
The union standing of Thomas Rea
gan, the recentfy appointed Police
Commissioner, will • be discussed be
fore the Laborers' Protective Union
No. 8944 next Tuesday night. There
has been much discussion as to
whether Reagan still has the right to
be a member of the union.
Golden Gate Eranch No. 214, Na
tional Association of Letter Carriers,
elected the following officers for th«
ensuing term: President, A. M.
Locke; vice president. James I. Don
ohoe; treasurer, George C. Goe; re
cording: secretary, Ike Holz; financial
secretary, Conrad Trieber; collector,
M. B. A., Thomas Nixon; director
(three years), John A. O'Connell;
physician, Dr. John F. Dillon; ser
geant at arms, R. D. Cunningham;
board of directors, sick and death ben
efit fund, Louis E. Boivin, Charles A.
Brittan, D. F. Dougherty, William
Barry, J- S. Sullivan.
The following officers have been
elected by the Carpenters and Join
ers of America belonging to Mfllmen's
Union No. 423: President, H. J. Scho
ber; vice president, Thomas O'Brien;
recording secretary, C. J. Daley: fin
ancial secretary, J. G. Fallon; treas
urer, Thomas McGulre; trustee Or
ganized Labor Publishing Company,
W. H. Beamiss; trustee, J. D. Sigler;
auditors, TV. II. Kocher, Fred Man
chester. William Seagrave; delegate*
to District Council of Carpenters, Joe
Sullivan, Frank Prendergast. George
Gilmore, John Ramory, Joe Ackern
son, H. J. Schober; delegates to. the
Building Trades Council, Thomas Mc-
Gulre, W. H. Beamiss, Thomas Far
mer, J. G. Fallon, Thomas O'Brien.
James Bell, H. Marchon; trustee Pro
gressive mill, Joe Sullivan. The union
honored President Schober by r»
electing his as president
OAKSASD SACETEACK — THURSDAY, Dec. 10. — Weather fine. Track fast.
C4.'JS. FIRST RACE— Futurity course; selling; 3-year.olds and up; value to first, |323.
Index I Horse and Owner. ,|Wt|St %• %• %• Str. Fin. I Jockey. I Op. • Cl.
5390 jJennl* Hushes, 4 (Hushes) . . . 104 2 ... 2 2 4 2 4 2 1 >,4 Connell ... 5 6
R414 B. Rosewater. 3 <Nicholls)...|l04 3 ... 1 h 1 Vt 1 I'i2 3 Hildebrand 8 *>
G372 Elfin Klnr. 8 (P. Herzog) |107 4 ... 3 1»/ii!h 22 3 3 J. T. Shehn 6. 8,
C3S4 l J at Jlorrissey. a (Wellman).. 103 M ... On « n 0 1 4 2 Llnton 1 6 1<>
G19S Skip Me, 5 (Madison & Oo.).. 112 5 ... 4 n 5 1&5 3 ¦ fi 1% Foley 1(1 i»
M2« Luricne, 4 (W. L. l'ritchard). 109 1 ... 8 1 8 n 8 2 « n Oullman ..] 2 3
4185 Illilouon. D (W. 13. Randall).. 107 7 ... 0 2&7 2 7 H 7 % Buxton 1 10- 13
6403 Autumn Time. 4 (O'lirien). .. 1C9 8 ... 10 8 0 U 9 2 8 n Chandler ..| 15 25
K110 Titus. 3 ID Meek) 104 0 ... 5 2^11^3 h 0 8 T. Butler.. 15 30
4062 Byronerdale. IS (J. M. Crane). jlO-JjlO ... 7 h 10 4 10 4 10 3 F. Kelly. ..[ " 6 15
533-1 Moana, o (Raisin City Stable)|109|U ... 11 11 11 11 jJ. Martin.. j 10 40
S-<14 |Pura Ual». 3 (Thomas & Co.).|lO4| Left. [Henderson .1 4 9-2
Time — :'J3U, :i~U., 1:10%. At post 5% minutes. Off at 2:1914. Hughe*, plac?. 2: show, 1.
J-ee, place, 3;"ehow, 3-2, Elfin, nhow, 3-2. Winner, ch. m. by Racine- Aureiia II. Trained
- by William Murry. Btart rood for all but Pure Dale. "Won in a drive or three. Winner
best. Was Sharply cut off on stretch turn by Elfin King. Bee Rosewater moved up Just
a peg or two. i'at Morrissey ran well under a languid ride. Lurlene can work- fast.
Titus tired the last eighth. • _ _ _¦ "_ ¦ • ,^ AJ^ J .^ J^_ A _rw-o-vro->j
5439. SECOND RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; two-year-olds; value to first, ?325.
Index I Horso and Owner. |Wt|St %.%..%. Str. Fin. | Jockey. Op. CL
(5378) The Mighty (T. G. Ferguson). |105 3 3^2 1V41 h In 1 ns Connell .... 4 0
M27 Judge M. J. Daly)..... 106 2 2 1 4n 3^32 2ns J. Daly 8-5 11-5
. r >3S5 Eugenie B (B. Schreiber) . . . . 07 1 1 % lh 2 1^2 1^3 4 Hlldebr'nd 5 tf
C420 Elie (G. Lanka) 94 5 «1 «15,n 5^4* Anderson' .. 15 25
£5361 Durbar (J. S. Curl).... 99 4 5 n 5 1 4 2&0 2 5n Knapp " 10
&.">tH Avenjrpr (J. F Schorr). ...102 88 8 8 86% C. Kelly... 3 11-5
M24 Anirad (Mrs. Coffer) 94 7 4 1%3 h 0 2 4^7h Croswalte . 25 Z<>
5421 Instrument (McAllister & Co.) 1C5 0 76 74 7 1 73 8 Otis 8 8
6421 Bombardier (W. B. Jennings).'! 100] Left J. Martin.. 15 25
Time— :23»,4. :48V4. 1:13»4, 1:27. At post 1 minute. Off nt 2:40%. Mighty, place, 2; show,
-1. Judge, place, 4-5; show, 2-5. Eugenie, show, 1. Winner, ch: c. by Prince Royal-In
truslvt. Trained by T. G. Ferguson. Start bad, Won in a- hard drive of three. . Judge
ehould have won. Daly took matters too easy lart part of it. Eugenie B ran a smashing
good- race. Durbar quit. Avenger wore blinkers and refused to break. Instrument can
do better. So can Anirad with a rider up.
5MO. THIRD RACEJ — Futurity course; selling; 3-year-olCs and up; value to first. $325.
Indexl Horse and Owner. |Wt|St %. %. %. Str. Fin. 1^ Jockey. Op. Cl.
(5414)fSaintly a (T. Crowe) 112| 2 ... 1 1 1*2 1 1%1 1 H I J. Martin... 3 3
542S S. Goodwin, a (Le Frances).. 106 3 ... 4 l%:t % » 3 2 h Buxton 5 6
RH»2 Matt Hogan C (Magrane) 112 I 1 ... 2h 2 1 2 2%3 6 Bullman ..I 3 *»
542« Uttle Margaret 3 (Toung).. 104 4 ... 8 h 8 % 4 % 4 1 Chandler ...) 6 8
(5392) Father Wentker. 4 (Schreiber)!ll5 .7 ....Ch 5 h 5 1 5 »4 J. Daly 1 5 6
(53S0) Pickaway. 3 (A J. Jackson) 1102 8 ... 5 J4 C2«i" 1 G 2% J. Lewis.... I 6 4
4666 Eeyp. Princess. 4 (O'Rourke) 112 B ... 3. % 4 3 6h T»l Blrkenruth 20 • 15
(5000) Rasp 0 (J. Green) 107 «... 09 83 8* Hildebrand 15 3O
K42S iMy Surprise. 3 (Rogers) 104 0 ... 7 1 7n » 9 Moll 10 12
Time — :23>4. US. 1:1014: At post 10% minutes. Oft at 3:17. Saintly, place. 6-5: shew,
7"-10. Sallie place 2; show, 1. Hogan. show. 4-5. Winner, br.gr/ by Midlothlan-An-
Kellque. Trained by C. Plea? ant. Scratched — Thlsbe. Almoner. Oro Viva. Start good.
"Won handily. Next two driving hard. Saintly was beat. Sallie- Goodwin ran a nice
race after being bothered once. Matt Hogan tired. Little Margaret came from far
back. Father Wentker away badly. Too much weight for Pickaway. PrlaceBs had
speed. v _ 1 _ ; •'•*„„_.
n-411. FOURTH RACE— Seven furlongs; handicap; all ages;- value to first, $4OO.
Indfx Horse and Owner. |\Vt!St. H . %. 8tr. Fin. | Jockey. Op. Cl.
5411 Irldlue, 3 (Jennings & Co.) 110 4 3 1%2 Vz I h 1 9i |J. Martin... 8-5 3-2
5304 John A. Scott. 3 (>I. Jones)... 100 1 4 3%3 % 2 h 2 1%2 4 I Bullman ... 6-2 3
(4.102) Flush of Gold, C (Owens) 102 2 2h 4 1^4 1 4 % 3 •% |Blrkenruth . 10 15
5417 Yellow Tail, 0 (J. Hackett) 114 5 0 h 6 1 5 h 3 n 4 3 King 6-2 13-5
541.1' Geheimness. 3 (Schreiber) 1)2 0 5 1 btt 61052 54 Hlldebrand i 08
KS3 Brastr. 1 (J. (>Jrl) 107 3 1 % 1 » 4 3 ?« 6 10 « 10 Knapp 1 10 12
Play Bail, 2 (M. J. Daly) | 90 7 7 7 7 7 7 W. Daly ...| 00 100
Tirne— :24. :18?i, 1:1394. l:2C?~At post 7 minutes. Off at 3:43%. Iridius. place, 3-5; show.
1-4;. Scott, place, 1; show, 1-2; Flush, uhow, 2. Winner b. c. by Golden Gart»r-Irls.
Trained by W. B. Jennings. ' Start poor. Won handily. Next two driving. Iridius well
ridden and fast. Scott had no excuse. . Yellow Tall away badly, or he would have been
dangerous. Geheimness and Play Ball also away poorly. Bragg quit.
54 ta. FIFTH RACE^ — Six furlongs; Owners' handicap; all ages; value to first. >325.
Index Horso and Owner. IWt St U . %. %. Str. Fin. I Jockey.. I Op. Cl.
(5383) Dainty, 3 (W. B. Jennings)..! 65 3 ... 3 1%3 % 2 % 1 1UIR. Coleman 3 6
5303 Burnie Bunton. 5 (Newman). | 76 2 ... 1 n 1% 1 % 2 2%IKnapp ...'. 8-5 2
53fi9, Claude. 3 (M. J.Dalv) '80 4 6 4 1%3 1 3 2 IW. Daly....V 3 3
5304 Wcrte Nlcht •"» (Wllkercon)..! 78 5 ... 4 % 5 4145 ICronswalte 6 8
....- Bummer, a (Winter & Co.).. I 90 1 ... 2 2%2 2%5 5 |J. Book»r. ¦ 3 5-2
Time— :24%, :4S. 1:12^. At post % minute. Off at 4:03. Dainty, place. 2: show. 7-10.
Bunton. place* 4-6; ehow. 2-5. Claude, n how. . 2-5. Winner, ch. f. by Golden Garter-
Rosebud. Trained by W. B. Jennings. Start perfect. Won easily. Next two driving.
Burnte Bunton and Bummer raced themselves to a standstill. Coleman on Dainty rode
a well-Judged race. Claude closed strong. Warte Nicht weakly ridden.
T.-I«:t. SIXTH RACE — One mile,' selling; three-year-olds and upward; value to first, $325.
Index Horse and Owner. Wt|St. %. %. %. Str. Fin. | Jockey. Op. .Cl.
5401 Grail. 4 (C. Young)... 104 3 ! 4 1%5 1%2 1 %2 % Ins Chandler .. 8-5 0-5
5.TO.J L. Crawford, 3 (Schreiber) 96 1 1 % 1 1 1 % I n 2 5 J. Booker.. 1 8-5
KISS Gorgalette, 3 (Fitzgerald) 100 7 7 2 7 2 7 % 4 1 3 1% Foley JO 12
5420 Bill Massie, 5 (McAlester) |1O6 S R % 4 n Sh 3 2 4 2% Otis 8 15
5422 Achilles. 4 (McCsr^e & Co.). .1102 5 S3 (in !> % 5 % 5n L. Spencer. ,15 15
M12 Boutonnlere, 3 (Johnson & Co.) !>5 6 8 8 8 7 3 fl 2 M. Johnson. 20 40
(5100) Tavid.S. 5 (W. Stanfleld) !1O4 4 3n3h5n«2 77 J. Martin.. 8p>' 4
S120 Esforeaflo. 3 (S. A. Bryan).. | 05 2 2 1%2 *j 4 1%S 8 J. Jones. . . 25 75
Time — :25. :50, 1:15%. l:40K- At post 1% minutes. Off at 4;25. Crail. place, 1-2; show,
out. Crawford, place, 1-2: show, out. Gorgalette. show, 7-5. Winner, br. m.by Athel
ing-Pilgrimage. J Trained by C. Young. Scratched— Eyg Nogg. Shellmount, ' Hagerdon.
Oscar Tolle. Start fair. Won in a hard drive of two. Third driving. Grail best. L»cy
Crawford ridden to pood advantare. Bill Mas»le would have been knocking but for beinjj
cut off badly on two occasions. David S.qulu
> . - •
Jack Burke Beats Joe Larkin
in a Four-Bound Go, Eeplete
With Sensational Fighting
Meet Champion Jim Jeffries
His Ambition Is to Defeat
Bostouian Hautuily and Then
Well Drilled Gymnasts Show
Their Wonderful Cleverness
on the Bars, Mat and Sings
. TheHypewTlter is more largely used in
Mexico than in France.
The midget rWers had an opportunity
to display their cleverness in the own
ers' handicap yesterday at Oakland race
course. Roscoe Coleman, who is about
as tall as a peg?- bottle, carried off the
honors.
Roscoe had tTie mount on Walter Jen
nings' filly Detinty, doing 65 pounds^
and his mount Tvas accorded scant con
sideration by speculators, her price go
ing from 3 to 6. Burnie Bunton picking
up "Big Bill" Knapp and 76 pounds,
was the actual! favorite, though Bum
mer, ridden by Jimmy Booker .and
shouldering 90 pounds, probably had a
longer retinue of supporters.
Claude, 'with. Willie Daly and 80
pounds in the saddle, had friends, while
Warte Nicht, a 78-pounder, went beg
ging almost in : the market.
Wonderful tales were related about
the speed of Bummer, but when Dick
Dwyer sent the bunch away the little
sprinter could not shake oft Burnie
Bunton. The pair raced on nearly equal
terms to the bend for home, with' Cole
man rating Datnty right at their heels.
Bummer laid down his hand about this
time, and Coleman let out his 'wraps on
Dainty. '
BURXIE BUXYOX TRIES HARD.
Burnie Bunton contested every, foot of
the ground, but»w r as not up to the task,
Dainty winning easily in 1:12%. Out
footed the first part of it. Claude fin
ished strongly, taking the show.
There were other upsets besides this
one, for Saintly and Iridius were the
only winning choices. Lurene, Judge
and Lacy Crawford were all heavily
backed, and the ring must have had a
profitable day. ,
Iridiusi also from the Jennings Bta
ble, carrying no pounds and ridden by
Jack Martin, captured the seven-fur
long handicap in handy fashion . from'
John A. Scott. The betting: all favored
the Golden Garter colt, with Yellow
Tall second and John A. Scott third
choice. Bragg led the favorite for about
three furlongs, and then Martin sent
his mount to the front. Bullman, with
waiting orders on John A. Scott, put in
a challenge in the stretch, but Iridius
held the chestnut perfectly safe and
won with a bit in reserve. Flush of
Gold, a 15 to 1 outsider, ran third.
King, on Yellow Tail, succeeded in get
ting almost left al the post, or the big
horse would have been a contender.
JEXXIE IIIX3I1ES WINS. .
Charley Connell landed the opening
Futurity course scramlble with Jennie
Hughes, a 5 to 1 chanc«3. He was cut
off in the stretch once* and then out
stayed Bee Rosewater. Elfin King beat
Pat Morrissey for the. show.
An exceedingly close finish marked
the close of the sevem-furlong number
for two-year-olds, Th*> Mighty, Judge
and Eugenie B finishfcig noses a part.
The Mighty was also ridden by Connell,
the colt fighting it out the entire way
with Eugenie B. Avenger, from John
ny Schorr's stable, closed equal favor
ite with Judge, but refused to break
away from the
There was 3 to 1 in profusion that
Saintly would not do it again, but
he did. In the second Futurity course
selling run Tommy Crowed brown
gelding tow-roped his field from start
to finish, leading out Sallie Goodwin
more than a length. Matt Hogan tiretl
after chasing: the winner, losing the
place by a Jiead.
Caesar Young's mare, Grail, downed
Barney Schreiber's Lacy Crawford a
nose for the last event of the after
noon. The three-year-old went to the
post a slight favorite, but Grail was
best, although she nearly lost, the ver
dict through overconfidence on the
part of Chandler. Gorgalette ran a
fair third.
NOTES OF THE -TRACK. ......
Charley Connell piloted the win
ners of the first two races. Jack Mar
tin followed by capturing the follow
ing two events. ;.'-;:
Lurene can work faster in the
morning, for fun, than a Chicago
pickpocket at an ' elevated railway
station, but with Bullman in the sad
dle could not deliver the.goods in the
first racoi After one more trial the
mare will be planted in the flower
bed with the balance of the morning
glories;
Jockey Otto Wonderly is here. He
surveyed things yesterday, and may
decide to take a mount this afternoon.
Arthur Redfern will be out this way
to ride in another week. Joe Yaeger
has first call on his services.
Grail, winner of the last event, was
bid up from $400 to $800 by Al Koen
igsby. The mare was retained by -her
stable. , - < . ; .'. >
Pure Dale was severely kicked while
at the post in the first race by Skip
Me. Th<* latter is a vicious actor.
Johnny Daly, on Judge, put up a
weak finish, as the black colt could
have won.
Johnny Schorr tried blinkers .on
Avenger and the scheme worked
beautifully. Avenger refused to
break from the barrier, acting as if he
had never seen a race track.
Next time King, who rode Yellow
Tail, goes to the post his saddle should
be "collected by wire with a battery
of heavy voltage. A push button
could then be utilized if. manipulated
by a skilled operator to notify him of
the start.; There are 'two: or three
others in King's class, too. .
Iva Powell is,not riding many. win-,
nerp these days. He put up a sleepy
race on Bill Massie the ' other- day,
then scrambled the eg-gs badly with
Solon and is resting quietly now on
his* "Jungle"' laurels, '
" His win oh Danity was the second
pair of brackets Roscoe Coleman ever
earned.
ENTRIES FOR TO-DAY. '
First race— Futurity course; 2-year-old maid
en*; purse:' ¦
...: Capitol (J. Fine) .107
M0<> Moaila (Ii'.anchl & licGovern) ..... .102
5400 Colonel Mazuma (B. .WUscn) .....*.*.. .HH
M21 Harbor (H. E. Rowell) ..'....:..:„ .107
44.VJ Pachuca tG. Berry) ........ ~. .107
543:1 Wm. ; Parish ¦rS..O.v Morton &Co.). . . .112
M2.V Jack . Little • (W. : P. . Fine) . . . '.:. . . . . . . . 104
M0.1 = Et Tu BrUte (J. J. Jloran) ...... . . .... 1 04
ftTT'TCafoburh '(B.* Sch'relberp I. ¦''.'. 7. l'.'.".:lM
2103 The Burjabco (M; Erpinger) ...',."...'. ;1O5
Latter Is Unable to Continue
Owing to Injuries Received
in a Fall Last Monday
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
SMALL BOYS SCORE BIG HIT
COLORED MAN IS FAVORITE
SPECTATORS DISAPPOINTED
ROOT AND DORLAN RETIRE
The Miighty Is First in a Three-Nose Finish With Judge
and Eugenie B—Iridius Captures a Handicap— Saintly in
Front Again — Grail Home a Nose Before Lacy Crawford
Will Be the Third Mansin the
Eing To-Night When. John
son and Ferguson Clash
Manasso Balks at LastlMoment
and His Substitute Is No
Match for Irish 3ffihiiiwind
Members of Columbia Park
Boys' Club Perform for the
Ladies at the Olympic Club
Eight Teams Are Tied for
First Place While Another
Is bnt One Lap Behind
WELCH CHOSEN
FOR REFEREE
OLD GLADIATOR
OPPOSES DUNN
DAINTY DEFEATS SOME SPEED MARVELS
IN THE OWNERS' HANDICAP AT OAKLAND
AGILE YOUTHS
WIN TROPHIES
CYCLERS MAKE
WEARY ROUNDS
SPORTS OF THE RACETRACK, THE PRIZERING AND THE COURSING FIELD
THE- SAN FRANGISCO GALL', FRIDAY. DECEMBER u, 1903.
10
COUNTY CLERK
INVESTIGATED
ADVEBTISEirEOTa.
TT7O TTT.T^MfG3 XS 07X72 SAT.
We picked a-J Hayed for our clients yesterday.
Saintly, 3V.. "We*. Ixlilus. 0-5, Xfoa.
Ait our clients are WINNING. V.'e wilt han-
dle your account for 10 per cent commission.
We guarantee to mall cur clients the name of
th» hcrses we piece t!iel«, money on, in sealed
enve.cpe. at Ihe dan Francisco j>c»tofflce. befor»
2 p m. "the <tey th^ races are. run. Th» fol-
lcw nc are th*- minimum vains that are ac-
cepttil fir btttirs!": For a ?2 play on each,
ho^se. . *10; f i-r a $5 play 13 each h<xrc;e. *'¦¦'> ik
f..r a $10 play »n *&ch horse. $r^i; tcr a $CcP
play tn each horae. $IW. Ccituntsttons ac:»-pi- '
irt iubject • to wli>drswal. .is shewn by cur
bocks on demand, before 12 n. Uallr. Or you
can . handl? your own mrney on ccr ?cerlal
handicap s^lettrns Ua'.Iy. COc: w«»kly (« day»>.
$£ JO. ¦ Jiemitlanres' may ¦ be fnad* by prutoY-
flce or express money erder.. by certified cJi«e:<
or currency In registered letter. Free bocfclot.
Remit ditect }o
"W. E. TSnCBIiS St CO^,
750 Xarkrt St.. &» rraacisso, C*J.Somali Ix*\ies Desert British.
ADEN, Arabia, Dec' 10.— It is report
ed here that the Somali levies raised
by the British in East Africa, have mu
tinied and Joined the forces of Ae Mad
Mullah.
DENVER, Colo.. Dec. 10.— A verdict was
plven by a jury ;n the District Court this aft
ernoon in favor of the city of Deover In the
suit of David Charters, a former ' business man.
for 515.C0O damages for Injuries laid. to have
w-n f!i«t:iln"d hy falling on an alleged defec
tive sidewalk two years aso. -'..,;
Richard Eccleston, statistician for
the United Stutos Immigration Bureau,
has compiled the following report of
alien immigrants arriving at this port
during November: Four hundred and
Bixty-nine tourists and D70 immigrants.
Of the immigrants 237 are English, 179
Japanese, 174 Chinese, 99 Filipinos, 31
Germans, 23 Scandinavians, 19 Scotch,
18 Irish, 9 Pacific Islanders, 8 Italians
and 4 Greeks. The occupations are:
One hundred and sixty-three mer r
chants, 96 mariners, 81 laborers, 37 ser
vants, 2S "farmers. 17 farm laborers, 17.
carpenters, 14 miners,. 14 clerks, 11
engineers. • 5 machinists; 4 each of
actors, clergymen, teachers and tail
ors; 3 each of physicians and butchers,
2 hotel-keepers, 1 lawyer, ' 347 miscel
laneous, and 279 no occupation, includ
ing women and children.
Japanese and Chinese Combined Ag
gregate More Thnn One-Half
of the Arrivals.
NOVEMBER'S IMMIGRANTS
HEADED BY THE ENGLISH
200 patrons attended. The decorations
were particularly artistic and elabor
ate. ?; /..} i
Among the works of art approved
by a critical committee and submitted
to the public were handsome Italian
laces and modern laces, including
French and English; elaborately
wrought furniture, artistic bookbind
ing, tapestries, etchings, photography,
wood cnrvir.g, weaving, miniatures and
exquisitely wrought jewelry.
Prominent artists are represented at
the exhibition and the affair promises
to be we!! attended to-day and to
morrow; when the exhibition closes. It
is ooen from 10 in the forenoon until
10 at night
TWENTIETH CKNTURY CLUB
GIVES ENJOYABLE CONCERT
Music of the Old French School Is De
lightfully Interpreted by Clever
Artists at Lyric Hall.
The programme of the Twentieth
Century Club last night at Lyric Hall
was illustrative of the school of music
in France during the seventeenth and
eighteenth centuries. The numbers
were carefully selected and intelligent
ly Interpreted.
The honors of the evening fell to
Mrs. Blancliard, whose beautiful voice
was heard to great advantage in the
solo orfeo.
M. Russo of Tivoli fame sang "Rose
et Colas" effectively. Mr. Balfour was
very much at home with the French
dialect and sang his two numbers to
the evident satisfaction of the audi
ence. Others who sajig were Mrs. Mac-
Gavin, Mrs. Lathrop' and Miss Hanks.
Miss Anderson played three, selec
tions on the piano.
Wallace A. Sabin was the director.
Society was out in large numbers
and the hall was crowded to Its ut
most capacity.
Youii £ People Elope From Stockton.
, "Cupid" Danforth of tha County
Clerk's office received a telephone mes
sage yesterday from the Chief of Police
of Stockton requesting him not to is3ue
a marriage. license to Angelina Garbinl
and a youth named Paganini, whose
first name is not known. The girl is
1G years of age and Paganlni 13 20.
They eloped from Stockton yesterday
morning and are believed to bo headed
this way. Danforth says the couple
did nofapply to. him for a license and
h_e believes they stopped off on the way.
••No charge for lettering, your name in
sold on pocket books, card cases, cameras,
traveling, sets, dress suit cases or any
other fine leather goods purchased at our
Btore. Sanborn. Vail & Co. . • .
- CHARLOTTE. N. C. D«c. XO.— Furman Uni
versity of Greenville, S. C-. • has received a
gift of . )1CO,COO from . John D: Rockefeller. - .
Attorney Thomas E. Curran has
been retained by Mrs. Sophia Cobb,
widow of the late Attorney Moses G.
Cobb, to represent her during the pro
ceedings connected with the probate
of her husband's estate. A notice to
this effect was yesterday upon
Attorney A. Ruef, who is named as
executor of Cbbb's will in the docu
ment, which was filed as such two
weeks ago, and upon Mrs. Rosa Bar
ry, a widow, sole legatee in the will.
Appears for Mrs. Cobb.
Judge Graham yesterday refused to
issue an order directing the arrest of
Esther Williams, leading lady of "At
the Old Cross Reads" company, which
recently completed an engagement at
the California Theater. The order
was sought by a theatrical man
named Blackman of Oakland, who
claimed that the actresa whose real
name is Mrs. Cousins, owed him $130
and was about to leave the State with
out paying up. In refusing to make
the order Judge Graham said that
to cause the lady'-K nrrest would be do
ing her an injustice.. He told Black
man .that as she had been in this city
for three weeks he should have had
her haled into court on an order of
examination and not waited until she
was about to leave the cJty before tak 7
Ing action.
The debt is one of long standing,
according to Blackman's statement to
the Judffe. He lent her the money
several years a^ro, and when she did
not repay him he brought suit in the
Justice's court. He got a Judgment
for the amount, but before he could
collect she lclt the city. She came
back here several times in Maud
Granger's company and on each oc
casion' was haled into court to show
cause for her failure -to pay. She
proved each time that she was heav
ily indebted to Maud Granger and so
escaped Blackman's clutches.
leading Lady of "Cross Roads*' Com
pany Escapes Imprisonment Be
eauso of Blacknian's Tactics.
REFUSES TO ORDER ARREST
OF A DEPARTING ACTRESS
Feared McCariy's Progress! veness.
. J. H—McCarty. whose, suit for dam
ages against the Journeymen Horse
shoers' Union : and the Master Horse
shoers' Association is on trial in Judge
Hunt's court, was recalled to the wit
ness stand yesterday. He said that
a man named McGee had at a-meet
ing. of the Masters' Association de
manded that McCarty be driven from
business because he contemplated es
tablishing an electric plant and that
if his progress were not stopped the
other horseshoers in this city would
be compelled to close their shops.
Percival W. Clement, former 4 presi
dent of the Rutland and Vermont rail
road, and a party of friends who have
been in the Yosemite Valley, returned
yesterday, and are at the Palace. .
Bishop Restarick of the Episcopal
diocese of Honolulu, who has been visit
ing friends In the East, arrived at the
Occidental yesterday on his way to the
islands, for which he will sail Saturday.
J. E. Shaughnessy, a brother of Sir
Thomas J. Shaughnessy, president, of
the Canadian Pacific Railroad, has been
a guest at the Palace for several days.
He is head of the construction depart
ment of the, road.
. William Yeager, a prominent polo
tician of Cincinnati and the father of
"Plunger" Yeager, arrived from the
East yesterday and is at the Palace.
J. S. Noble, who recently resigned
from the position of division superin
tendent of the' Southern Pacific Com
pany, at Ogden, and wife are at the
Grand.
G. H. Holmes, proprietor of the Hotel
Angeles of Los Angeles, is at the Pal
ace. He is on his way to Salt Lake
City.
C. L. Fontaine, commercial agent of
the Missouri, Kansas and Pacific Rail
way, with headquarters in El Paso, is
in the city.
Dr. I. R. Aiken of Decoto Is at the
Palace.
Judge George F. Buck of Stockton is
at the Lick. -
Judge E. C. Hart of Sacramenta_is
at the Grand.
W. J. Veale, a horseman of Mexico, is
at the Palace. • ' .
Commander Kimball, U. S. N., is at
the Occidental.
Rev. W. E. Potwine of Pendleton,
Or., is at the Occidental.
Attorney Joseph D. Sproul and wife
of Chico are at the Lick.
J. O. Hayes, proprietor of Harbin
Springs, is at the Grand.
Charles B. Younger, an attorney of
Santa Cruz, is at the Lick.
Dr. W. J. Robertson and wife of Llv
ermore are at the California.
Mr. and Mrs. O. B. Stillman of New
York are registered at the Palace.
Banker George Nixon of Winnemuc
ca, New, is registered at the Palace.
H. S. Huson, owner of one of the big
cpal mines of Washington, is at the
Palace.
PERSONALS.
The news that the "Roosevelt
March" had been played by the
band of the United States Military
Academy at West Point filled her
with delight. Bands elsewhere were
already preparing to present it, ' but
her father had been graduated from
West Point and the fact that this in
stitution first played her. march made
her decide to compose and dedicate to
West Point a march which, had she
lived, would probably have been her
next work, and would no doubt have
been one worthy of the high ideals and
splendid achievements of that institu
tion.
Miss Welcker was the daughter of
the late Colonel William T. Welcker.
The funeral will take placabto-day at 2
p. m. from St. Mark's Church, Berkeley.
The "Roosevelt March" she chose to
have published first because she hoped
that, as it is one of her pieces suited
for a military, band, it might be played
by the band of the United States Mili
tary Academy, West Point, a wish
which those in authority were prompt
to comply with." Since her death word
has been received that the Naval Acad
emy of the United States at Annapo
lis is also to play it.
Of her compositions of a more seri
ous nature critics familiar with music
in its higher expression were quick to
discover their classic quality. Such
were the piece entitled "To Rubin
stein," and later a sonata having in its
second part passages of rare beauty.
The untimely death of Miss Henri
etta Welcker at Berkeley comes . as a
shock io many throughout the State
and will be recognized as a loss by
many throughout the East, where her
musical work has aroused much atten
tion, and "has, -because of certain of Its
qualities, aroused in some places the
attention of those who are high author
ities in this department of art.
Although the first" of her musical
compositions to be published, the
"Roosevelt March," which was on
Thanksgiving day played by the Gold
en Gate Park band, is lighter in char
acter than ' have been the majority of
her works, which, being recognized as
classic, have received recognition
and splendid commendation from those
familiar with music in what is consid
ered its more permanent and enduring
expression. .
Landlord J.J.Sweeney of the lodging
house at 114 Pacific street was blamed,
yesterday, by the Coroner's jury for
being the cause of the death of Frank
Elfors, a lodger, 65 years old. Elfors
was found last Wednesday- morning
suffocated in his bed with illuminating
gas escaping from an, open burner In
the room. Sweeney admitted that he
had been in the habit of turning off
the gas at the meter at 9 a, m. and
turning it on again at about 4 p. m.
After hearing Sweeney's statement and
those of other witnesses, the jury re
turned the following verdict:
That the said Frank Elfors died at 114 Pa
cific street on December 9th from I gas as
phyxiation due to the fact that the gas on said
premises was turned off by the manager of
above apartment house at the meter at about
0 a. m. and turned on about 4 p. m. each day
except Sundays and that «ald death, from evi
dence produced, was 'due to deceased having re
tired with the gas burning, and that when the
gas was turned off at the meter the flame was
extinguished, and that when the eas was
turned on at the meter said iras entered the
room through' the open Jet and caused the
death of said Frank E'fors.
We bellnve. that ordinance. No. 642 was vio
lated In this case, and recommend that the
proper . authorities take due notice of 'same.
The Jury recommend that the proper authorities
cause copies of ordinance No. (VI2 to be printed
and placed In conspicuous positions, either on
gas meters or In close proximity to same.
Sweeney testified that, although he
had had charge of the building for the
Fair estate during the last thirteen
years, he had never heard of the ordi
nance prohibiting the turning of gas
on and off at the meter. He said also
that he made a daily inspection, occu
pying twenty to twenty-five minutes,
of the 124 rooms In the house to as
sure himself that the stopcocks on the
gas burners were closed. He last saw
Elfors alive on Saturday, lying on a
bed, presumably drunk.- On Monday
Sweeney looked into the room again
and saw him in the same position, but
paid no particular attention, presuming
that. Elfors was drunk.
Coroner Leland explained to the jury
that the ordinance was passed last
March, because a great number of
cases of gas suffocation reported at the
morgue had been caused, undoubtedly,
by tenants going to' sleep with the gas
burning and by landlords turning the
supply off and on at the meter.
After having approved the verdict,
the Coroner notified the police and the
District in order that proper
steps toward the prosecution of
Sweeney might be taken.
The landlord is a brother of Attorney
"Eddie" Sweeney.
The new bakery at Fort Leavenworth,
Kansas, equipped with the latest bread
baking machinery, turns out from 3500
to 4000 loaves per day.
Enlisted men not belonging to organi
zations which have been supplied by
the quartermaster's department with
the uniform prescribed by general orders
No. 132, 1002, are forbidden to wear
either on or off duty any articles of the
new pattern adopted.
Leave for twenty-one days'has been
granted Major Francis J. Ives; surgeon.
Fort" Sheridan, Illinois, to Jake effect
upon his arrival at San Francisco.
Tho cavalry drill, regulations .have
been amended' "to ;* read as follows:
"Horse? when received at regiment are
assigned to troops • according to color,
under the direction of the commanding
officer. They are branded on hoof of
one foot, one and one-half inches be
low the coronet, with the letter of the
troop and number of the regiment.
Captains will make permanent assign
ments of horses to men. After a horse
has been so assigned his rider will not
exchange him nor allow him to be used
by any other person without permission
of the captain."
Major Ira McNutt of the, ordnance
department came down -from his head
quarters at Benicia arsenal yesterday
morning and at once began a tour of
inspection of the armament of the post.
INSPECTION' OF ARMAMENT.
"El Salero." Leila France.
Private S. Eldridge Fairfield has just
come into a fortune of $50,000 left him
by his mother in Connecticut. Fair
field's term has nearly expired, and
when his time is up he "will take his
discharge from the army and return to
the life of a civilian.
Bert McGrath, one of the general ser
vice recruits who escaped from the
guardhouse on May 27, was captured
in Modesto by Constable George T. Da
vis and returned to the post yesterday.
••Maria," D'Avila; selection, "The
Huguenots." Meyerbeer; Intermezzo,
"In Spring Time," Brooks; selection,
popular songs. Byer; popular two-step,
The Third Band Artillery Corps will
give its regular Weekly concert this
afternoon at 3:30 on the parade ground.
.Armand Putz will direct. Following
will be the programme: Overture,
'Fra Diavolo," Auber; Mexican dance.
The target, which consists of a can
vas sail, pyramidical In shape and
about 20 feet high and 40 feet long, rest
ing on a float, will be towed by a tug
attached to it by a hawser 500 yards
in length.
This will be the final practice of the
season.
Major J. E. Baxter has been ordered
to report to San Francisco to relieve
Captain R. L. Brown as quartermas
ter on the United States transport
Sherman. The Sherman is due here on
the 15th inst. Captain Brown has been
ordered to report to Manila.
SOLDIER HEIR TO FORTUNE.
The regular quarterly target practice
at the Presidio, as directed under gen
eral orders No. 100, will begin early
during, the coming week. The exact
date has not as yet been announced.
The Twenty-seventh, Twenty-eighth,
Twenty-ninth, Sixtieth. Seventieth,
Xinety-second and One Hundred and
Fifth Artillery companies will partici
pate in the contest. They will be sta
tioned on the bluffs and will fire from
batteries Lancaster, Godfrey, Saffold,
Cranston, Crosby, Slaughter, Shenvood,
Howe, Stotsenburg and Blaney. The
targets will be out in the open sea,
about three and a half miles off shore.
The display to be made by the fire
men on the stage of the Grand Opera
house will be the most realistic ever
placed upon a stage.
The men of the department are now
rehearsing and the horses are beinjj
trained to their new surroundings. A
three-story frame building will ehow
the interior of an engine-house and it
¦will be as complete as any cf the regu
lar quarters of the Fire Department.
That the public will generously re
spond in aiding: the Widows' and Or
phans' Fund of the firemen is a fore
gone conclusion.
While the city government makes
some provision for the families of fire
men who may actually meet death in
the discharge of their duties, there is
no provision made for those left behind
by the brave men. who, owing to tho
nature of their calling, are exposed to
dangers of health that too often result
The firemen of San Francisco main
tain their own association to help the
men of the department who fall ill.
They also contribute stated sums to
the newly formed Widows' and Or
phans' Aid Association. but th^
finances of the organization require as
sistance.
Chief Sullivan and his men are op
posed to the soliciting of subscriptions
and therefore they decided on the The
atrical benefit.
The cost of securing: the Grand Op
era-hoii*y« and the attraction of "The
Little Outcast" for Christmas week is
a larpe one, but the firemen did not
hesitate. They feel that the public
¦will respond to (he call and aid the
good" cause. The regular attraction is
cf &cod merit and with the exciting
scenes to be presented by the firemen
themselves the audiences at the Grar.d
Opera-hous* during Christmas week
v.ill be well repaid for visiting the the-
Chief Sullivan and Assistant Chief
Doushc-rty are working hard to make
the benefit a recces* and are personally
superintending the rehearsing of the
fire scenes and the equipment of the
stage with apparatus.
There will be scenes representing an
engine-house with ar>paratus, horses,
telegraphic instruments, sliding poles
and sleeping quarters; the sounding of
the alarm; hitching up the engines;
leaving for a fire; the run to the con
flagration; fighting the fire and saving
life by means of Jumping nets and pom.
pier ladders.
In addition to the regular attraction,
consisting of the drama, "The Out
cast," a spectacular feature will be
given by picked men of the Fire De
partment, showing the methods and
¦workings of the firemen in everyday
life.
Plans for the monster week's benefit
for the Widows' and Orphans', Fund of
the San Francisco Fire Department, to
take place at the Grand Opera-house,
commencing Sunday, December 20,
have been comcleted.
Sonatas and Some Other Late
Compositions Are t Regarded
as Having Classic Qualities
Deadly Fluid Turned Off at
9 a. m. and on at 4> p. m.
Daily Despite the City's Law
Private S. Eldridge Fairfield
Comes Into Fortune of $50,
000 Through Death of Mother
Audiences to Witness Alarm,
Turnout, Fighting Flames
and Scenes of Life Saving
WORK CAPTURES CRITICS
BAND WILL PLAY TO-DAY
CASE GIVEN TO POLICE
BENT GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
Landlord Sweeney Is Blamed
for His Tenant's Death and
Violating the Ga,s Ordinance
Miss Henrietta Welcker Goes
to Her Rest Just as Her
Marches Become Famous
Begnlar Quarterly Practice at
Presidio Eange Will Com
mence During Coming Week
The Guild of Arts , and Crafts, of
which Miss Octavia Holden is presi
dent, opened its first exhibition in the
Palace Maple room yesterday afternoon
with some of the finest works of art
that have been seen in this city for
some time. The sale began at once
and continued during , the afternoon
and evening, during which time fully
Mr. and Mrs. Gerhard Wempe, who
are spending their hc-neymoon abroad,
are at present in Nice.
Mrs. Albert Niblack (nee»Harringtoh)
sailed yesterday for the Orient.
Mr. vand Mrs. George A. Newhall
gave a dinner at their home on Frank
lin street Wednesday evening, compli
mentary to Miss - Margaret Newhall,
who is one of the winter debutantes.
The decorations were pink roses.
Mrs. Mark Gerstle entertained eight
friends • at her home yesterday after
noon and a pleasant hour was spent
over the cups of tea.' :•*£?¦ - ¦
* * •
/ Mrs. William T. Sesnon gave her sec
ond "at _ home" yesterday afternoon at
her heme on Washington street. The
rooms were prettily decorated for the
occasion and the ladies were hospitably
entertained; ''¦ '-•'-'
• • •
Mrs. William Prentice Morgan enter
tained the Six-Handed Euchre Club at
her home on Clay street yesterday aft
ernoon. There was a pleasant game of
cards, with handsome prizes for the
fortunate players. Among those pres
ent were Mrs. t J. D. V. Middleton, Mrs.
Smedberg, Mrs. James Carolan, Mrs.
Q. L. Baker, Mrs. William Thomas,
Mrs. Morgan, Mrs. Horace Davis, Mrs.
Ira Pierce, Mrs. Cyrus Walker, Mrs.
Timothy Hopkins and Mrs. Adam
Grant.
Mrs. Victor Clement was guest of
honor yesterday at the sixth luncheon,
of the series given at the University
Club by Mrs. Burns Macdonald and
Mrs. Hilda Baxter.' American Beauty
roses were arrangecfVlth artistic effect
for decoration, j The guests were cor
dially received and the luncheon proved
as delightful as those just past.
The guests were Mrs. Eleanor Mar
tin, Mrs. George^Moore, Mrs. Adam
Grant, Mrs. William Thomas, Mrs. Pat
ton, Mrs. E. B. Cutter, Mrs. M. H. de
Young, Mrs. Josephine Morris . de
Greayer, Mrs. Henry Butters, Mrs. Jo
seph Marks. Mrs. John F. . Swift, Mrs.
P. B. Cornwall, Mrs. John F. Merrill,
Mrs. Sidney Cushing, Mrs. Homer S.
King, Mrs. Charles Webb Howard, Miss
Lake, Miss O'Connor and Mrs. John
Currey.
Mr. and Mrs. Chester L. Hovey gave
a large reception last evening at their
home j on Broadway in honor of their
son, Richard Hovey, and his, bride, for
merly Miss Grace Garoutte. daughter
of Judge and Mrs. Garoutte. During
the reception hours, 8 to 11 o'clock, 150
callers thronged the beautiful drawing
rooms. Flaming . poinsettias and red
berries were effectively arranged for
decoration with clusters of autumnal
foliage. v.V-'iV;
Mr. and Mrs. Hovey have Just re
turned from the wedding trip/ through
Southern California, and will leave
again next week for another trip. The
br^de looked extremely well In her
wedding gown of white Battenberg lace
over satin and chiffon. She received
with her husband's mother, Mrs. Ches
ter Hovey, who was becomingly gowned
in blue crepe mignonne over white silk,
with garniture of lace. Miss Rachel
Hovey wore a pretty' gown of white
crepe de chine elaborately embroidered.
Miss Amy Garoutte wore a dainty
gown of white and pink flowered chif
fon over. bilk.
The receiving party was composed of
Mrs. Richard Hovey, Mrs. C. H. Ga
routte, Mrs. .A. R. Cotton, Mrs. George
Bates, Mrs. E. A. Blodgett, Mrs. Charles
Suydam. Miss Rachel Hovey, Miss Amy
Garoutte. Miss , Anita Bertheau and
Miss G'eorgie Spieker.
Thrilling Exhibition Is to Be
Given in Aid of Widows'
and Orphans' Association
DEATH CALLS
YOUNG GENIUS
ELFORS KILLED
BY NEGLIGENCE
TARGET TRIALS
TO BEGIN SOON
FIREMEN PLAN
VIVID DRAMA
NEWLY WEDDED
PAIR TENDERED
A RECEPTION
HE SAN FRANCISCO- CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER u, 1903.
GUANTANAMO, Cuba, , Dec 10.—
Four, hundred United States : marines
and 300 bluejackets were landed here
to-day and r articipated in simple pro
ceedings marking the formal occupancy.
of this place as a United. States, naval
station and the installing of the station
ship. The Cuban, and American nags
were, saluted . with guns. '..
'Formal Occupancy of Gnantanamo.
WASHINGTON, Dec. ID. — Among j
the arrivals , at . the New Wiilard are j
Mrs.. A. B. Butler, and J. V. Kimball
of San Francisco. . •
Callforniaris in Washington.
Justice "of the Peace Lainson was j
called upon to decide as to the flt of j
a dress in a suit brought yesterday by ]
MiE3 Elizabeth Fltzpatrick against •
Miss Jane Preston to recover $16 for)
making the dress. Miss Preston re- j
fused to pay the bill on the ground !
that the cloth she had. furnished had j
been ruined in , the cutting. Miss K.
Clark, an expert . of, twenty-six years" {
experience, testified that the dress had
a gore in front, which was not war
ranted by artistic laws and Judge Lam
son took the case under, advisement. '
To Decide on Fit of Dress.
11
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE——
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OP THE—
HAMBURG BREMEN
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HAMBURG. In the Empire of Germany,
on the 31st day ot December. A. D. 1902.
and for the year ending on that day, as mada
to the Insurance Commissioner of the State of
California, cureuant to the provisions of sec-
tions 610 and 611 of the Political Code, con-
densed as i>er blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. .$1, ISO, 073 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bjr.ds, Stocks and otMtr mar-
ketable securities as collateral.. 40.C0O 00
Cash In Banks.... U.309 11
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion : 140.001 79
Total Assets .91.733.383 DO
LIABrUTTES. "~
Losses adjusted and unpaid $5.175 00
Losses In proces3 of Adjustment or
In Sjspens* ........' S9.340 00
Losses resisted. Including expenses 12.130 00
Gross premiums on Fire Kisks run-
ning one year or >ss, (1,203,-
237 01; reinsurance 5O per cent.. W1.12S 31
Grcss premiums on Firs Risks run-
ning more than one year; 11.126.-
" SC9 87; reinsurance pro rata.... «0fl,627 30
Commissions and Brokerage due
and to become due 42.213 44
Total Liabilities .$1,359,634 94
INCOME. ~
Net cash actually received for
Fire premiums H.S31.S8S tt
Received for Interest and dividends
on Eonds. Stocks. Loans, and
* from all otlwr source* 82.143 73
Total Income .$1,804,037 13
EXPENDITURES. - . ==
Net anr-ount P«td for Fire Losses
(including $70,326 3J>, losses of
previous year*) 8S9.731 40
Tald or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage S0S.213 03
Paid for Salaries. Fee3 and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 122.813 19
Fa!d far State. National and Local
taxes - - M.42X 2&
AH other payments and expendi-
ture* T. 08.301 04
"* Total Expenditures $1,443 eS3 01
' Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year. . $£03,011 40 -
Risks and Premiums. Firs Risks. Premiums.
Net amcunt of Risks
- written during the
year flll.C30.7S0 $1,934,499 79
Net amount of risks
expired during the
year... 130.330.373 1.700.10130
N*t amount la force
December 31. 1002.. f lS2.3JHT.e20 2.323.366 SS
F. O. AFFELD. C. S. Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 22d
day of January. 1003. - -
CHARLES EDGAR MILLS.
Commissioner for California in New York.
RUDOLPH HEROLD Jr., General Agent.
HARRY C. EOYD, Assistant Gen'l AgeaL
-415 CALIFORNIA ST.,
SAX FRAXCISCO, CAU J
ADVERTISEMENTS. _"' "
"TH 13*. ctfb r~^ Fz\ *% wf^v *r±. Every mother feels a
Ai23'< of her life. Becoming
a mother should be a source of joy to all, but the suffering and
danger incident to the ordeal makes its anticipation-one of. misery.
Mother's Friend is the only remedy which relieves women of the great
pain and danger of maternity; this hour which is dreaded as woman's
eeverest trial is noj only made painless.but all the danger is avoided
by its use. Those who use this remedy are no longer despondent or
gloomy; nervousness, nausea and other distressing conditions are
overcome, the system is made ready for the coming event, and the
6erious accidents so common to the critical
hoar are obviated by the use of Mother's ]§J|>ffc$E|'ft|rfkife9o
Friend. "It is worth its weight in gold," [WgPifjyKf^! x£v
6ays many who have used it. $i.oo per Iff HHF8iSH%'& %r
bottl6 at drug 6tores. Book containing
valuable information of interest to all women, will
be sent to any addresa free upon application to BTg iw^ig©!
BRAOflELD REG if LA TOR GO.m • Atlanta, Ga. k )1 R VII *B
' " ADVJSBTISEMEinS.
b Many women are denied the happiness of
children through derangement of the genera-
tive organs. Mrs. Beyer advises women to use
Lydia E* Pinkham's Vegetable Compound*
"Dear Mrs. Pixkham: — I suffered with stomach complaint for
years. I got so bad that I could not carry ray children but five months,
then would have a miscarriage. The last time I became pregnant, my
husband got me to take Xydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.
After taking the first bottle I was relieved of the sickness of stomach,
and began to feel better in every way. I continued its use and was
enabled to carry my baby to maturity. I now have a nice baby girl,
and can work better than I ever could before. I am like a new wo-
man."— Mrs. Frank Betbb, 22 S. Second St, Meriden, Conn.
Another case which proves that no other medicine
in the world accomplishes the same results as
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.
. .^gprig^^^^fe^S 5^. u Dear Pinkiiajii : — I was married
jfisj L * or ** ve y ears an d gave birth to two pre-
j^^^&V^P^^S \ mature children. After that I took
/^P^pp^' • fe|jll|J L y dia E - Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
My \ : '^^N $#£-^Pr pound, and it changed me from a weak,
MjL at P^^ii nerv0U9 woman to a strong, happy and
•«£ «§ll«s nealtn y" wife y itninseTen months. With-
s T y3§i B i m tiro vears a Jovely little girl was born,
• < f~r^^^^^. e P 1 "^ ant l J 0^ °f m y household.
If every v/oman who is cured feels as
%|ppy'V> / / /' •' V« grateful and happy as I do, you must
W t */ f I V r\ have a host of friends, for every day I
y * ' J . / | \ I bless you for the light, health and happi-
•* * 'I ness Itfdia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound has brought to my home. Sincerely yours, Mrs. Majb
P. Whaebt, Flat 31, The Norman, Milwaukee, Wis."
Actual sterility in woman is very rare. If any woman thinks
she is sterile let her write to Mrs. Pinkham at Lynn, Mass., whose
advice is given f roe to all would-be and expectant mothers.
<f» rAfin FORFEIT if *« cannot forthwith produce the origtnal letters and s!?natnr-s of
\. SI 1 1 J 1 aboTO testimonial!, which will prove th<>ir absolute cenuiiieness. i
VvVUU JLjdia E. Pinkhaua JUd. Co., Lynn, Xajs. /
COTTOLENE.
H To use a homely illustration : I"
El When you find, yourself in the wrong and the right is pointed out -. g
§1 to you, to be honest with yourself, what should you do? § WITCH L £
M ¦ " If you are using lard for frying and • shortening, and we prove to. f :
|| you that Cottolene is purer, more healthful, more economical, what gj
U should you do ? SWITCH ! - .¦•'•• | ¦
II Natures Gift from the Sunny South |
|| * Shortens yonr fcod-LcnAns your life |
M . ¦•; Now, lard, as you know, is .made 'from hog fat. It may or 'may g
ti not be pure, * Cottolene is always pure, because it contains nothing but g
¦ R refined vegetable .oil and choice beef suet.- It is always uniform, and " g
Pf we guarantee the quality.' Besides, it is. never, sold in bulk like Jard, i
'. e| •: but. comes in -sealed tin pails, and is not open r to contamination. So B
'H ;/ much for, purity and heal thfulness. ' ' / - , . '¦ i |*
rj 'As to economy — Cottolene is ticker than lard. v It requires,' therefore, i
H but two-thirds the quantity to secure better results. iThis means economy. : fc
|l 'Why not do justice > to your, stomach: and give it a digestible product |
H rather than an indigestible one ? Your grocer will start , you right with E
' H ¦ • '¦ TTWRT? Send us a 2c stamp to pay postage and . we'll • mail you " a copy of our book. k
gj| X'XVl-iX-* " Horn* Help*."- edited by Mrs. Rorer. which v contains 300. choice recipes E
YA '¦ '- from the country's noted coolis^gHgggJHggl RSB D-
Pi " Mads only by THE N. K. FAIRBANK '. COMPANY. Dapt 260 Chicago : |FROM BEATTI-3
Steamer. !]' , ¦ For *- ' - _-
Dolphin.;.... Skagw«y & Way Ports. IDec. 14
Al-Ki........ Skagwny:& Way Ports. Dec. 1«
Santa Ana... Cooke'Inlet & Way Pt«- Dee.- Jb
Valencia ..... SUasway ' & Way Ports. !De<% 1*
Time Ball.'
Roush Time Off the Horn.
The French bark Nantes, which arrived yes-
Sun, : Moon antl -Tide.
United States * Coast » arid Survey—
¦ .-' Time and Heights of High- and Low Waters
at - Fort • Point, entrance . to Ban ; Francisco
r Bay. PubllBhed by official authority of^the
""I ilin nl in 'niiifcsiimijUl H.I MililWMl-fl
NOTE.— The t. high" and i low* waters ; occur • at
Branch i Hydrographic : Office, U. : S.'N., Mer
chants' , Exchange.' San Francisco,- Cal.,
; December 10, 1B03: ¦ . •
•The Time Ball, on : the tower. of L the Ferry
building; was dropped exactly 'at noon to-day-—
I: ; e.. at " noon of the ' 120th ' meridian, - or at ' 8
p. ni., Greenwich time. • J. C. BURNETT,
. . Lieutenant U.S.vN.rMn charge. ¦>
Henry Peterson's launch Sybil made a quick
trip yesterday to the Farallones to bring .to
the mainland II. •Twill,' an engineer engaged
at the Island l!«tht station. Trefoil's mother
is •criously 111 in this city. News of her oon
rtitif n wna convfi-cd to him over tho Weather
Hunan cable and throueh the came medium
he made arranenments ¦ with .Peterson for the
launch. Thp irvbll left here at tt:30 a. m.
and waa back at Folsrun street by '5! o'clock.
A rough wa was encountered outsids the heads
and It-was with gn-at difficulty that Trevoli
waa taken olT tho island. BBBBKKKlMl
Rough Trip to See Sick Mother.
The German bark Thalia* was posted yester
day as unlneurable. £he left Iquique August
8 and was quoted on the "overdue list at *J0
I>-r rent. The British ehlp Aristides, : bound
from Junin for this r>ort, but which never ar
rived, hat b*en posted at Lloyd's . as miss
ing. The other overduea are quoted for re
insurance as follows: Kifeshire, 05 per cent;
Paris, 70 per cent; Talca, 25 per cent; Micheio
Btanchl, 10 per cent, and La Bruyere, 40 per
cent.
Hope Dies for Two Ovcrducs.
Stearaer. .j From. I Due.
F. Leggett ' San Pedro ...'Dec. 11
G. W . tlder. . Portland & Astoria. . ..I Dec. 11
G. Dollar Ventura |Dec. 11
Nome City:... Portland & Astoria. .. .jDec. 12
Bomta ! Newport & Way Ports.. Dec. li
Doric. China & Japan Dec. Vi
San Ptdro. . . . Grays Harbor....: Dec. 12
Centralia Grays Harbor:.. ....:.. Dec. 12
SewuoU Grays Harbor Dec. 12
Alliance. Portland & Way Ports. Dec. 12
S.Monica.... San Pedro.: Dec. 13
Kun.k.t Humboldt Dec. 13|
Senator I PuRet Sound Ports .;... Dec. la
Centennial...- Seattle &,Tacoma |Dec. 13
Spokane Humboldi |Dec. 13
Del Norte Crescent City .' IDec. 14
Chehalis San Pedro..... |Dee. 14
State of Cal .. ban Diego &. Way 1'ortsiDec. 14
Serbia Hamburg &. Way Ports|Dec. 14
Nevadan..... »Hcnolulu .' Dec. 14
Chico Coqullle River ..|Dec. 14
Alarneda San Pedro Dec. 14
S. Barbara. .. Honolulu ¦..¦.'...........[Dec. 14
Edith. Seattle' ....JDec. 15
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. 1 Orford. Dec. 15
Coronado San Pedro |Dec. 15
Coos Bay..... Ban Pedro & Way Ports Dec. ltt
Barracouta... New York via Panama. Dec. 10
Columbia..... Portland" Jf Astoria. ... Dec. lfl
Rival Wlllapa Harbor. .JDec. 10
I'omona Humboldt |Dec. 1«
Newburg Grays Harbor. .' Dec. 17 I
North Fork... Humboldt Dec. 17
Point Arena.. Mendocino &'Pt. Arena. Dec. 17
Santa Rosa.:. Kan Diego & Way Pts. Dec. 17
L'matlila... .. Puget Sound Ports |Dec. 18
J. Dollar Seattle & Tacoma IDec. 20
Sierra Sydney & Way Ports.. Dec. 21
N. Mam China & Japan.... ] Dec. 21
Oanf a China & Japan.'. ,.|Dec. 21
TOPSAIL. V
Sfeauier. 1 Destination. Sails. Pier.
December 11.
Empire Coob Bay direct... 2 pm Pier 13
Arctic .. Humboldt^ ..;••••¦¦ 0 am Pier 2
Arcata . Coos* B.-Pt. Orford. | 4 pm|PIer 13
Coos Bay.'. Han P*dro.& Wuy.l W^miii 1'ler ii
F. Leggett. Humboldt .'.. . : . ...| 2 pm|Pier 2
Deceoibcr 12. | |
Pomona.... Humboldt ........ 1:30 p|Pler »
Pt. Arena. Humboldt : ........ 4 pm|Pier 2
China. China .& Japan 1 pm|Pler 40
City Para.. K: Y. via Panama. .J12 m|Pier 40
Queen....'.. Puget Bound Portsjll amiPitr, i»
M. Dollar.. Grays Harbor......! 4 pm|Pier 20
North Kork Humboldt' -I B pm\five «'O
Centralia... l O s Angeles Ports.l 4 pm|Pler 10
" V December 13. ¦ |
Iaqua Humboldt -I 9 am Pier 2
Phtenlx.... Mendocino City.... I 1 pm|Pier 13
S. P.osa... t?an Dirco & Way| tt anijPler 11.
December 14. ', .*v
S.Monica.. Grays Harbor.. .... 4 pm Pier V 2
Chehalis... Gra,ys Harbor 3 pm Pier -2
G. W. Elder AUcrla & Portland, ll.arn Pier'2*
-H..Barbaru. Seattle & Olympia. 4 pmlPler.. 2
Alliance... Kureka & Coos B. ......Pier 16
Redondo... Los Angeles Ports. 4 pmiPler J
December 15. . I
Bonita..... Newport & Way... n am Pl-r 1^
San Pedro.. Hujnboldt SiK^pIIZ ¦'%
Spokane. . . HuWhit .1:3" P \f »
Kureka.... Humboldt I » am Pier !¦»
Coronado... Grays Harfbor .... ,4.pm Pier 10
December 16. . • ,„
Sequoia.... Grays. Harbor.'. . .. . * P m pler »0
• December 17. - I .,
Abydos.... Hamburg & Way.. 2 pmfPler l'J
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports.|llam|Pier - 9
Centennial. Seattle -&. Tacoma. 110 am Pier j
State Cal... San Diego & Way.| 0 am|Pier 11
December 18. ¦ |- I
Nevadan... Hono. & 'Kahului.! 2 pm|Pier 23
. December 19. I I • ,
Alameda..; Honolulu ....... .;.|11 am |gJ er J.
San Jose... N. Y. via Panama..|12 m Pier 40
¦r-niunibla.. Astoria* Portland.lll am Her
Rival...... Wlllapa Harbor. ...I 4 pmlPier 10
v December SO. | I
Newburg... .Grays Harbor. ¦"¦¦.. I ¦¦'* pnMPier 10
Auckland— K. M. Adams, Mrs. U. Blundell,
MIsj 1.. Bluikiell. Miss M. Blundeil. H. GII
d(Tmclst*r, <'. J. Hemery, Mrs. Hemery, John
Mill. Mm. Mill. Miss C. Mill, Miss J. Mill,
N. A. Nathan, Miss J. Shand, Miss M. li.
Shand. U. M. Stevenson. A. K. Whltfleld, Mrs.
Whitneld, J. E. Wright.
Sydney — J. H. Allen, Mrs. Allen, John M.
Archer. XV. U. Armstrong, A. II. AyeiS, 5 II.
T. Crawford, . Mm. Crawford and child. Dr.
t>. 1. Darrin, Mrs. Darrjn. Charles Earnshaw,
Mrs. Eernvhaw, MisshL.. fi. Fixen, Miss G«b
hardt. Miss C Gebhardt, R. G. Gorbon, A. I*.
Greenfield. Mrs. Greenfield, R. W. Hall. G. H.
Henry. T. Huxtable. J. M. lrwin. MUs A. G.
James. F. H. Johnson. Mrs. . Johnson. Mmc.
de Llchterveld* and maid, Mrs. E. McCrogson,
Mrs. E. Power. Virgil I-. Power, A. J. Sage,
Asher Smith. MiM> «st..'gman. Sir Tatton Sykes
an-i valet, John TemtileUin, E. E. TurnT, J.
E. Tustln, A. Whybrow.
For Honolulu— S. P. Benjamin, Dr. E. J.
Boyes, A. F. Brown, C. K. Bryant, Mrs. Bry
ant. H. R. Burke, Mrs. Burke, Mrs. J. F.
Oarltcn. Miss M. de Carmo, G. \V. Cheek, S.
H. Crocks, J. L. Curtis, Mrs. Curtis, Mrs.
E. Davit-, Miss Davi.=, Mrs. M. J. Curtis,
Mifj Davis. Mi-';3 Dreier, Miss <Jrace Earle,
Mrs. F. Kills, Misa <J. Korb:s, C. II. B. Kow
lcr. Mrs. J. E. Fullerton and child, Mrs. «'.
Giacoroettl, W. H. Hencock, Miss Bernice
Hundley, Miss L. Jones, Miss Lemon. F. Mar
riner. J. L. McLean, Miss P. M. Moore. E.
N>wcomber, Mrs. A. P. Niblark. J. H. Nies-
F-en. J. li. Pattullo. G. II. Ph»lrs, Mrs. a. B.
Rosf, K. R^stnbcrc, Mrs. Kr>senberg and two
children. Mrs. J. u. KoOiwell. Miss T. ltoth
well. Ju'lge J. A. Pavag 1 ?-. Mrs. L. Sheldon,
C. T. Short, William fctodart, Mrs. H. S.
Tabor, Miss Hattic Tabor. G. W. Taylor. G.
W. ¦VS?kertebi. K. A. Woodward, Mi a. Mar
rlsier. Mrs: Taylor.
1'aKi 1'aeo — \V. J. Trevorrow, Mrs. Trcvcr
row ani rhiid.
¦ The Oceanic Steamship Company's liner Ven
tura mailed yesterday for Honolulu anil the
Antipodes with a large canto and 2.">0 passen
gers. lK-r passengers included the following
named:' ~\':z:, :'¦
Ventura Sails for Antipodes.
To Samoan Islands— CO bbls flour, 1305 lbs
1 cs' meals. 38 pkgs potatoes, . 14 pkgs onions,
554 cs 17 pkgs salmon, 40 cs canned goods. 13
l>kgs fresh fruits and vegetables, 20 gals wine,
480 lbs lard, 1329 Iba bread. 152 pkgs groceries
and provisions, 2 bdls steel, 5 csdry goods, 0
crts bicycles - and . sundries, '5 ke:s nails, 5
bales twine. 114 pkgs naval stores, 5 cs drugs,
0-pkgs, machinery, 2 cs paints. • • ...
,'io New Zealand— :11,02s lbs dried fruit. 19,410
lbs 11 . pkes raisins.- 1*501 03 : assorted • canned
¦goods. C90 cs canned . 25 pkgs pickled salmon,
0 cs bread,: 150 hxs fresh ¦ apples, 12t>0 bxs cit
rus fruits, -4t>5 lbs beans, 13 pkgs groceries and
provisions, 1500 lbs meals, 38 pkgs machinery.'
10 ke«s acid.' 138 pk^rs, metal polish, ;¦ 100: rolls
newspaper. 1 140 ¦ Ib3 i bone^afih.' 4 cs arms, and
ammunition, 10 casks oil, ",K ; pkgs wagon ma
terial, CO pkgs. sewing, machines,-; 1745 lbs. seed, 1
B-cs: electrical ~ suDplles,'"4 pkgs 'rubber.' goods,'
1 J4 v rkg»-<blcycles ¦- and t sundries. ',153 ,i eg >, boots
and shoes,"; C,pkgs agricultural ; implements,* 35
To Honolulu— 2C0 bills flour: 2243 pkgs frenh
fruit*. -211 pkgs fresh 'vegetables, 5058 , lbs
dried fruit.- 2.SJ pkgs groceries and provisions,
20S0 \hi raisins, JOtC! lbs fresh meat,/ 1544 Iba
2 cs fresh fish. -'7.55S lbs sugar, 14, 2il Iba
dret>si d uouliry, 25 cs frozen oysters, ZitH Ib3
tea, H»23 Iba nuts, • 2075' lbs coffee, 770 pkgs
potato^*, !<;."> pkgs onions, 147 cs eggs, 57 pkgs
table preparations, 4U0O ¦ lbs meals, 7*0 cs
canned goods. W-l lbs 3 cs chtese, 7o«J lbs but
ter. ll.Vi lbs beans. 200 bxs paste, 048 lbs 3 cs
candy, 2.'{S cs 132 gals whiskey, 17 cs gin, 257
Kals 1 cs spirits, CiJ gals 72 cs wine, 2^5 pkgs
beer. 5 cs brandy, ill cs liquors, 4431 lbs 1 cs
bread. lt'O lbs spices,' lrt.USO lbs 12 cs manu
factured tobacco, '^17- bdls paper. 21 bxs soap, 59
pkgs car matt-rial. 102 -pcs. pipe. Mil pkgs G'J
bars slccl. 2'J bdls 227, bars iron, :::; pkgs ma
chim ry. til pkgs electrical supplies. ? 5 cs tin
plate, 70 pkgu paints and oil, lu bales leather,
148 pkgn.dry goods, ; 92 - cs boots "and shoes, • 17
pkgs arms and ammunition, UU pkgs drugs and
sundries, 8810 lbs soda. 28 cs hats and caps, ,113
bxs candles.
The Oceanic Steamship .Company's Ventura
sailed' yesterday for Sydney via Honolulu,
I'ago Pago and. Auckland with a general mer
chandise cargo, valurd at $275,133, and distrib
uted-aa follows: l*"or Honolulu. $03,071); Sa
moan Islands, »ri2. p >5; New Zealand. $54,080;
Australia, $114,532: "Houth" -Africa, $2;iO7; New
Caledonia. $111; Tonga Islands, §175. The ledd
ins exrorts were as follows:
The Ventura's Cargo.
The steamer Arizcnan sailed yesterday for'
New York direct with a large and valuablo
cargo of assorted merchandise. The cargo-in
cluded the following: -17.1o.S cs canned salmon,
1200 bbls alckled rolrnon, H.43S cs assorted
canned ccods. 7.I95 bbls 0 ca wine, IS33 ckb
beans. H cs extracts. 14 bxs lemons. 27 cs
olives, 2-4 bass coffee, S cs ¦ honey and syrup,
2150 bbls apphaltum, ."58 nkss redwood lum
ber. 300 logs hardwood. 0014 pigs lead. 5 pes
iron castings, 48 cs Etove polish. 7 bbls "boiler
romp«un<1. 10 <s metal, 255 casks 410 bbls oil,
14 pkj?s machinery, •£ bbla lead dross, 4 cs wax,
7 c» alum. :t(;5 bales Junk, is cs rubber packing,
24 cs' stationery. 25 cs paints.
In addition to the foresoing the steamer
carriPd some large shinmonts of canned and
pfekkd salmon, that wc-re laden at Seattle and
other I'uget Sound ports.
A Large Cargo for Xew York.
Thr British ship levernbank was cleared yes
terday for Sydney. Australia, with l.vS6S,3C2 ft
lumber. 1578 bd'.s shingles, 70 bbls lub/icating
oil and 10 cs canned goods, valued at $40,200.
A Car^o for Australia.
The schooner Forester is chartered for lum
ber from Portland to Kobe, Japan, at 35s.
Jlatters of Interest to Marines and
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAX.
Wharfinger j:. M. Buckley has been trans
ferred from section 1 of the seawall to Main
street, changing places with J. S. Thompson.
The whaling bark Alice Knowlen, Captain
Montgomery, cleared yesterday and is ex
pected to cet away to-day on her regular
cruise.
The British shin Levernbank cleared yester
rtay for Sydney, where she will load a cargo
fcr Hrsland.
Th* army tranFoort Sherman, which U due
Tuesday from Manila, may return to the
Philippines immediately, as it is more than
likely that the renalra to the Thomas will
not b» ooninleted in time to allow that boat
to sail January 1 as scheduled. ¦ *
The bis frHghter .Arizonan. raptain Lyons,
sailed yesterday fcr New York.
Water Front Notes.
terday 163 days from Hull, had a rough tim^
iff i/are Horn, and August £5 carried away
h<*r fere and main upper topsails. She was
off the cape for 40 day» and during that time
encountered an almost uninterrupted succes-'
slon of gales.
TO ARRIVE.
Movements of Steamers.
WINDJAMMER THAT WAS
FORTY DAYS FIGHTING
GALES OFF CAPE HORN.
SAN PIEGO. Dec. 10. — Fenor J. Diaz Prielo
ha* arrived here to a»surr.<» the duties cf Mex
ican Consul. suect-Ming Srnrr Lcmeli. T.ho ha«
b*>en arFirr.fd to Lar<vio. Tex. S»nor Preto
ha5 r*r-n ftatirwd st Cinrirnati. Ohio.
QUKENSTOWN— Sailed Dec 10— Stmr Mar
ion, for Philadelphia: stmr Teutonic, for New
York.
NEW YORK- Arrived Dec 10— Stmr Ethio
pia.' from Glasgow.
Sailed De- lu — Stmr Moltke. for Hamburg;
Htmr l.a Champaene. for Havre; stmr Lahn.
fcr Napl's: «tmr Siberian, for Glasgow.
HAMBURG — Arrived Dec 10— Stmr Patricia,
from New York.
LONDON— Sallfd Dec 10— Stmr Minneapo
lis, for New York. \.
GIBRALTAR — Arrived Dec 10 — Stmr Prin
cess Irene, from New York, and proceeded for
Naples and Genna.
GLASGOW — Sailed Pec 10 — Stmr Buenos
Ayrean. for St Johns. N F.
'LIVERPOOL — Arrived Dec 10^ — Stmr Hav
erforii, from Philadelphia.
Sailed Dee 10 — Stmr Cymric, for Boston;
stmr Parisian, for Halifax; strr.r Taurlc, for
Portland.
.YOKOHAMA— Arrived Nov 12— Stmr Tre
inont, fioni»Tacoma for Manila.
HONGKONG — Sailed Dec *_•— Br Btmr Athcl,
for San Francisco via Manzanillo.
Arrived Dec 0 — Jap stmr America Maru.
hence Nov 10 "
HAMBURG — Sailed Dec 7 — Br «hip Scottish
Hills, for Honolulu. .
L.IVERPOOI/— Sailed Dec 8 — Er bark Donna
Francfsca. for San Francisco.
MAZATLAN— Sailed Dec 8— Ger stmr Ni
caria. for Hamburg. &— Gcr stmr Serbia, for
San Francisco. . ; "- -_ '-
SANTA -ROSALIA — Sailed Dec 10 — Schr A
J West, for Aberdeen. ;
NANAIMO— Sailed Dec 10— Stmr Pennsylva
nia, for Honolulu.- •
NEWCASTLE. Aus— Arrived Dec 10— Schr
Americana, from Sydney.
OCEAN STEAMERS. J
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 10. — Improve
ments to cost no less than $300,000 will
be begun at an early date at the manu
facturing plant of the Southern Pa
cific Company at Sacramento. . The
great machine shops of the Southern
Pacific Company will be partly en
larged. The shop Is 515 feet lohg. An
addition will be constructed eighty
feet wide to extend the entire length
of 515 feet. Modern machinery is to be
added to the pl^nt. A new passenger
depot is to- be built.
Railroad Shops to Be Enlarged.
Pyrography outfits and things to burn
in wood and leather at the artist mate
rial d^partm^tit of Sanbom. Vail & Co. •
SHANGHAI. Dec. 10.— The latest re
ports estimate that the cotton crop
will be 70 per cent nf the average.
Cotton Crop in China I "all-. Short.
republic. *.*;'=
The San Jose's passengers included
the following named:
Francis Fond, Patrick Graham, Wil
liam Chambers, Levy D. Burton, John
II. Mergruire, Louise Merguire and A.
XV. Furlong.
The Pacific Mail Company's steam
ship San Jose, which arrived yester
day from Panama, came into port fly
ing on her fore the flag of the new
republic. She brought 6S7 tons t>£ cargo,
treasure valued at $20,867 and nineteen
passengers. Among the' passengers
were three men of the crew of the
schooner Luisa D, which went to Man
zanillo some time ago to recover the
treasure supposed to have been taken
to the bottom of the sea when the
steamshiD Golden Gate was lost.
The returning treasure hunters are
Richard Powers, Patricx McCafferty
and Harry Lappin. They report Cap
tain Johnson's expedition a failure and
say the Luisa D was to be soid a few
days after they left Manzanillo. Heavy
seas smashed the machinery they had
installed on the beach and destroyed
the eold-seekers' hopes of wresting a
fortune from the clutch or the ocean.
The change of government took place
before the Ban Jose reached Panama
and when she entered the southern
harbor the commandant of the port
boarded the liner and ordered Captain
Urown to lower the Colombian flag that
fluttered at the foremast head and sub
stitute the colors of the republic of
Panama. The officers of tho San Jose
report everything quiet at Panama.
While they were at the isthmus the
warships stationed there fired a salute
of twenty-one guns in honor of the new
iikss automobilfs. 175 pkgs drugs and sundries,
4 head cattle.
To Australia — .*!:!.. ".*•_' lbs hops. 5075 cs canned
salmon, li..". bbls l.'iX! half-bbls pickled salmon,
70.QOO lbs codfish. 191's bxs lrmons. SOS cs as
sorted canned Kocds. ln.Ulio Ib3 coffer. 2209 lbs
shrimps. 7375 lbs dried fruit. 90O lbs raisins.
?W Iom 5 cs meals, K5 pkgs assorted freeh
fruits, 22 pkgs groceries and provision*. 40 cs
i'/} kega acid. 12 cs anns and ammunition, 16
bales rubber hose. ,103 pkgs drugs and sundries,
11 bales overalls. 10 bbls oil. 81 pkgs ma
chinery, .ISO rolls newspaper. 64:i bdls shooks,
03 crts sewins: machines. ;;330 lbs sefd, 55 cs
boots and shoes, ¦ 4.1 pkgs agricultural Imple
ments. :«)«> lbs I»a«l. 13R pk(?s - bicycles and
rundnefi, 15 crts paper. HO pkgs metal polish,
10 fg dry goods," 60 bxs soap.
To South Africa— ;;no cs canned fruits. 250 cs
canned salmon. .".2 .hdl» ehevoks. 2 ra moldings.
To New Caledonia— S cs canned goods, 10
crts onions, SU.Vlbs ham and bacon.
To Tonga Islands— 4 pkgs vehicles, 3 pkgs
harness.
- COLON — Arrived Dec & — Stmr Seguranca.'fm
New : Veil:.' ' <^9F'^HCN!'8HP | P9"6S a '9BittVi
• Sailed Dec 8— Stmr ' City of Washington.' for
New York . ' ¦ -. ¦ ; ¦ * "
,i GREENOCK— Arrived . Dec 9— Br . ship ' Can
ada,; from 'Vancouver. '.-.¦ - ¦ ¦" . ; .
¦'MUliU-Pwsed Dec 0— Fr ship Vauban;
hfr.ce'ALg 4 for Queenstown. r>. ...
- •-.,-•¦• ... - ' ' ¦• v ¦¦ i ¦
FOREIGN PORTS.
• NKU"; YORK— Arrived Dec 0— Ship' Acme,
from Honolulu via Delaware Breakwater.
J-'ASTERN PORTS.
- HONOLULU— Sailed Dec 0— U S stmr Lo
gan, for. Manlia, via Guam. ,' 'Vj^
ISLAND PORTS.
Thursday. December 10.
Stmr Point Arena. Miller, 14 hours from
Mendocino.
Stmr Greenwood, Jolmton, 15 hours from
Albion. _/:.:'¦
Stmr Whltcsboro. Olsen, 12 hours from
Point Arena. ¦
Stmr Phoenix, Od'.and. 14 hours from Men
dorino. ¦ • «- ,.
Stmr Ban Jose. Brown. 22 days 13 hours
from Panama antl way ports.
Stmr Pomona. Swanson. 13 hours from Eu-
Stmr Iaqua. ' Jonrenson, 21 hours from Eu
reka; Los Medanos direct.
Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson, 40 hours from Port
I>3S Angeles. •'-¦_ '\
• Rtmr Brookljn. Walvig, 26 hours from Eu
neks —
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 42 hours from
•Bark S C Allen, Johnson. 8 days from Port
Bark Louisiana, Haicrow, 22 days from
Honolulu.
Fr bark Nantes. Rictvdfl. 163 days from
Hull, via South Shields 14fi days.
Schr Ida A, Beck. 5 hours from Point
Reyes.
Schr Sausalito. Rasmusarn, 6 days from
Coos Bay. . -";,". . , ¦¦
CLEARED.
Thursday, December 10.
Stmr Coon Bay. Nicolson, San Pedro; Pacific
Coast Steamship Co.
Stmr Arlzonan, Lyons, New York; Williams,
Dlmond & Co. : > "'>*-;;•',
Stmr Ventura. Hayward. Honolulu and Syd
ney: I D Srreckf Is & Brc« Co.
¦ Stmr Hawaiian. Delano. Honolulu, via Se
attl»; Williams, Dlmond & Co.
Br shin I-evernbank. Turner, Sydney; Eddy,
Falk and American Trading Co.
Whaling bark Alice Knowles, Montgomery,
whaling; J & W R Wing.
Thursday. December 10.
Stmr Whittier. Macdonald. Ventura.
- Stmr State of California. Thomas. San Diego.
Stmr Maggie. Corning. Halfmoon Bay.
Stmr Eureka. Jessen Eureka.
Stmr Aurelia, Peterson, Portland. .
Stmr Arizonan. Lyons, New York.
' Stmr Ventura, Hayward, Honolulu and Syd
ney.
Br ship Forrest Hall. Logan, (jueenstown.
Schr Jennio Wand. Christensen, Coos Bay.
SPOKEN.
Nov 15— Lat 22 N. Ions 31* TV. rhip Aryan,
from Baltimore or San Francisco.
Nov 17 — Lat 0 N. lon«r 27 \V. ship TV F
Babcocic. - from Baltimore for San Francisco.
Per Fr bark Nantes— On Dec 8. 300 miles
W of San Francisco, schr J M Weatherwax,
from San Pedro for Grays Harbor.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Dec 10. 10 p m — Weather
cloudy; wind S, velocity 0 miles per hour. 7
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT LUDLOW — Arrived Dec 10 — Schr TV
H Smith, from San Ptdro. , .'"
TATOOSH— Passed In Dec ¦ 10— Br bark
Fleur de Lis, from Honolulu, for Port Town-
out Dec 10— Stmr Edith, from Se
attle, for San Francisco.
SOUTH BEND — Arrived Dec 10— Stmr Ri
val, henco Dec 7. - \ • - ¦' ¦ ¦ '¦¦ i,
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Dec 10— Schr A B
Johnson, from; Grays Harbor: stmr Bonlta.
hence Dfo 7: stmr Santa Barbara, from Re
dondo; stmr Santa Monica, hence Dec «.
Sailed Dec 10 — Stmrs Bonlta and South Bay,
for San Francisco. '-.;¦- '
WHATCOM— Arrived D:c 10— Nor bark
Rokeby Hall, from Port Townssnd.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Dec 10— Nor stmr Ti
tanla. • for Nanalmo. • - . .
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Dec 10— Stmr
Brunswick, hence Dec 0. '-¦ ¦¦,'
Sailed Dec 10 — Stmrs Noyo and National
Cltv. for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— Arrived Dec 10— Stmr G C Lin
dauer. ¦ hence , Dec ' 7.
Arrived -Dec 10 — Schr Mabel Gale, hence
Nov 30.
Hailed Dec .10 — Schr North Bend, for San
Francisco.
TACOMA— Sailed Dec 7— Stmr Edith, for
San " Francisco. , ,
POKT HADLOCK— Sailed Dec 10— Schr Se
quoia, for San Francisco. :»
PORT TOWNSEND — Arrived Dec 10— Schr
Alpena. from Honolulu; schr Wm H Smith,
from San Pedro.
POINT REYES— Passed Dec 10. 10:20 a m —
Stmr San Gabriel, from Eureka, for San
Pedro.
EUREKA — Arrived Dec 10-^-Stmr Alliance,
from Coos Bay; ; stmr Spokene, hence Dec 0.
SEATTLE— Arrived "Dec 10 — Stmr Umatllla.
hence Dec 7: Fr bark Col de VUlebois Mareuil \
from Port El'zabeth; schr Willis * A/- Holden,
from Honolulu; stmr Montara. hence. Doc r>.
REDONDO— Arivrd Dec 10— Stmr > W-.H
Krujter from San Pedro. . • "
¦ Sailed Dec 10 — Stmr Santa Barbara, for San
Francisco; schr R W Bart'ett. for Columbia
River: schr Rather Buhne, for San Pedro. '
Arrived Dec 10 — Schr Esther Buhne, from
Eureka.
* Sailed D?c 10— Schr North Bend, for San
Francisco, i > -
- EUREKA— Arrived Dec 1C— Schr John A,
hence Dec 6. ¦ • ¦ • , '
1 MARSHFIELD— Sailed 1 . Dec 10— Stmr Na
"varro. .for Astoria. ' • . •¦
: VENTURA— Sailed Dec 10— Stmr Grace Dol
lar, for San Francisco. , ' . .
PORT GAMBLE — Arrived Dec 10— Schr Wm
H Smith,' from San Pedro. ' *
SANTA -BARBARA— Sailed Dec 10— Stmr
Corona'io for ¦ San Francisco. '. .
. ABKRDI- EN— Sai:ed Dec 0— Stmr Sequoia,
for Son Francisco.: ' t^fKtmBBgKjBBBM^B
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
the city frcnt (Mission-street wharf) about -3
minutes later than at Fort Point: the nelgnt
of tide Is the same at both places. __
FRIDAY. DECEMBER .11. .
Bun rises ":* s a. m.
Sun sets, *'<>l P- m -
Moon rises /.. ?_V 0:>5 a. m.
C ITImel Timel ITime " Time| -
» Ft. — *— I Ft. Ft. 1 Ft.
? |H W) L .TV I |H W L Wl
11 I C:20| S.S|ll:35| 2.1) 5:271 4.2|ll:2O 1.1
12 I U:10| 5.C|12:.'.8| 1.51 6:41)} 4.1| |..
|L TV IH Wl JL Wl |H W
13, 0:21 1.51 7:001 5.7i IMS 1.0| 8:10 4.3
14 1:16 1.0 7:501 5.31 2 :H4 0.4! 0:19 4.4
15 2:CS 2.2 8:.t5f 6.0 3:25 0.0|10:18 4.5
16 2:5.| 2.5| »:10| C.0| 4:10 0.4|ll:ll 4.6
NOTE.— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are Riven in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
clay In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
eometlmes occurs. ' Th« heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference ia the mean
of the loner low waters.
Captains Bolles and Bulger have ex
onerated from blame the pilots of the
ferry-boats Oakland and Newark. In
their decision the United States local
inspectors says:
"In the matter of the collision be
tween the ferry-boats Oakland and
Newark in a dense fog on San Fran
cisco Bay about 7:22 p. m. October 17
last, upon investigation thereof and
testimony taken we find that both ves
sels on the above occasion were being
navigated with caution, running- slow
and sounding proper fog signals, and
when the pilots in charge of the steam
ers respectively discovered the prox
imity of the two steamers to one
another they did all in their power to
avoid a collision. We are of the opin
ion, therefore, that neither of these
pilots was negligent or unskillful. The
damage to the steamers was slight."
the Oakland and Newark Was
Xot Avoidable.
Decision Rendered That Mix-Up of
FERRY PILOTS EXONERATED
FOR A BAY COLIJSION
A motion by Attorney Bach for leave
to examine the books of Armour & Co.
in order to secure other information
concerning dealings with Porter Bros.
Company and to secure explanations of
certain puzzling ledger entries present
ed by Robbins was refused by Referee
Wean. The hearing of the case will be
linished on December 14.
Asked why these payments were not
returned to the Porter Bros. Company
Robbins said the reason was that the
company and Watson were regarded
as identical.
CHICAGO. Dec 10.— Seeking further
light on the alleged agreement by
which President James S. Watson of
the defunct Porter Bros. Company
is Bald to have received $700,000
in rebates from the Fruit Growers* Ex
press Company, Attorney Bach, repre
senting the New York creditors, to-day
resumed the examination of George B.
Kobbins?, general manager of the ex
press eompany.before Bankruptcy Ref
eree Wean. Robbins did not give much
information, though he repeated his
former admission that rebates were
quoted to Watsor:. whom he regarded
as tho predominating factor in the Por
ter Bros, concern. Bobbins insisted
that the same charges were made to
oil consignees for refrigeration and
that the rehates were not paid to Wat-
Fon until several months after the ser
vice was performed. Most of this in
formation had been secured before, s=o
Bach directed his inquiry mainly to
the discovery of the railroads which
were supposed to have paid large re
bates to the h'ead of the Porter Bros.
Company. Nothing, however, was
The witness declared that there had
l*<?n no understanding with Watson
by which the New York house of Por
ter Bros, was to be charged more than
the published rates. The same gross
rates were charged to all consignees.
Itobbfns said, though frequently part
of the payments was returned to Wat-
It was resolved .that the several com
mittees constituting the joint confer
ence report to the bodies appointing
them the outcome of the meeting and
secure further instructions a3 to which
of the lines indicated should be pur
sued in future conferences. \ '.;
- "That some form of union closer and
more tangible than any at present ex
isting between the reformed churches,
holding the Presbyterian order, is de
sirable for the furtherance of the work
intrusted to them by the head of the
churches: that such closer union is pos
sible through the complete consolida
tion of some of these chinches or
through such federation as shall pre
serve the identity of the various bodies
entering into It, and shall also provide
for effective administrative co-opera
tion." . 4>;V
NEW YORK, Dec. 10.— A step toward
the suggested union of various Presby
terian churches in the United States
was taken here to-day at a Joint meet-
Ing of committees from the governing
bodies of four such denominational or
ganizations, a set of resolu'.ions de
claring such a union desirable being
adopted. One resolution says:
PARIS, Dec. 10.— In order to save. the
industry from ruin, a conference of
owners of sailing vessels began a dis
cussion here to-day of the measures
to remedy the situation. Representa
tives of the United States, Great Brit
ain, France, Germany and other na
tions participated. Two important
proposals were under discussion — one
being a limitation of the number of
sailing ships and the other uniform
rates, based; on the Liverpool confer
ence of November 4. The. British rep
resentatives suggested the appoint
ment, of brokers by v each country to
look after freights for the ships of
their respective countries."
The conference was the result of the
general decllrte in freights, especially
between, Europe and the Pacific Coast
of the United States, which have fallen
off one-half. It is hoped that the-re
sult of the conference will be to abolish
competition.
Says Rebates Were Paid to
President Watson of the De
funct Porter' Bros. Concern
Resolutions Arc 1 Adopted De
. daring That Federation
Will Produce Good Results
Representatives of America
and Other Nations Hold an
Important -Meeting;- in Paris
REPEATS HIS TESTIMONY
FREIGHTS
GOVERNING BODIES MEET
DECLINE IX
Examination of Express Man
ager Bobbins Is Besuined Be
fore Bankruptcy Beferee
Owners of Large Sailing Ves
sels Discuss Measures : to
Save Industry From Ruin
Steps Are Taken Toward the
Consolidation of thq Various
Presbyterian Organizations
SEEKING LIGHT
ON AGREEMENT
DESIRE UNION
OF CHURCHES
SHIPPING MEN
IN CONFERENCE
¦' —i '¦¦>- ¦-¦¦ .,-.... - .-.-.-. . • • - ¦ - • •
THE SAN FRANCISCO .^CAIiL-, FRIDAY DECEMBER n; 1903.
Members of Crew of Schooner Luisa -D Returns From
Manzanillo on Steamship San Jose and Report That
* Captain Johnson's Fortune Hunt Has Proved .a Failure
BREAKERS SPOIL PLANS TO RECOVER
TREASURE OF WRECKED GOLDEN GATE
12
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
'1 rain, imvii mitl uro tlue> to urrivskS
»AN. KUAN CISCO.
(Mala Line. YoCT. of Market 8tree» ) ~
I.B**« — Fm.)iXoTt»a'»fi-' !lfti - ~ ¦ > »»' T *
~7X0a V«c«vllle. Wluter*. Knm.ey ....... 755*
7.tW» Benicia. Salsun. Eimira-aa S*cr*r
meatu.. *i""." '•* 3 '
7J0» V.llcjo. Nap*. CalUtprw SOU
l£osa. Martinez. Saa I-»mon B.Z5»
7.30a Nile*. Llvermore. Tracy. L»tnro>.
S'ocli'O'i i.Zal"
«JJO» ShMt* Kiprew— (Vis B»»l»>.
Wtitum. (for UarUeU SprlW).
Willow*, ft rut* Hed UluS.
Porti.ind. T-coma. S»«ttle. .... 7-55^
800* D»TU.Wood!and..KniS_tsL* tl «l ln S. - M _
MarysTille. Orotllle .-••-. '•¦¦*
830a Ton Cost*, Martinez. AntlocX
Byron. Tracy. Stockton. New-
man. Lo* Banos. Mendota,
Armon*, IUafvir-1. VlislU
Porterrllle ••-••• «^».
8 3D* Port Costa. Martinez.. Tr»cy. Lath-
rop. Modesto, Merced. Frr»no.
Ooshen Junction, llanford,
VUalia. B-tewfleid *•***
8-30* Kilcs. San .lose. Llvermore. StoeC-
ton. (?Mlitoo). lone, Stcr*n>eiito.
PIacer»!Me. Maryirllle. Chlco.
Keil Bluff .4.25*
1.30a O»kd*le. ciJtn«»»e. .laraestown. So-
nor*. Tnulumne -nl AOaCel* ..... 4-Z3P
9 00* Atlantic Kxpress— OrUcb »nd E«t. 11-23*
8.30a i:vhm«>nd. Martlnrz and Way
Station* 655»
10 00a The Orerland LlnilteU — Ogdea,
Uonver. Umataa. CUicugo. 8.23*
10-COa ValJeJo 12.25r
10.00a Lo* Ansnlrs PasseDger — Port
Costa. Martinez. Dyrun, Traey,
Latnrop. Stockton. Merced.
Kajraoad. Fresno, Goshen Junc-
tion. Hanford. Lemoore, Vtsalla,
- Bakert&eld. Los Angeie* 7-23^
11 COM Hayward. Nile* and Way Station*. 3.25.»
flJJOi" Bacrameato Itlver Steamers tU.OOr
tZOr Benlcla, . Winter*. Sacramento.
Woodland. Knlgbt* Landing.
MarysTllie. Orovllle and way
(tatioas *. 10.53*
!.S0r Haywarrt. Nile* and Way Station*.. 7 55*
3.301* Port Co«ta, MartlB<>s. Byron.
Tracy, Lathrop. Modesto,
Merced. Fresno and Way 6:a-
ttons beyond Port Co*U 1223*
SSOr Martinez. Traey. Stockton. Lodi... 10-25*
4 OQr llartlnrz.Sun i:*ra'Vi.V*::ejo,Naps,
Callstosa. Santaltosa 923*
4 00p Nile*. Tracy. Stockton. Lodi A-2$r
4 30r Hay ward. Nile*, lrvlngton, Saa I *3.55-
Jto»e. Lirermore j 111.55a
6 OOf The Owl Limited— Newm«n. Lo*
BaDO*. Mendota. Fresno. Tulara,
BakersQeld. Lo* Angeles 3 55*
8.00r Port Co«U. Tracy. Stockton 1223i>
tS 30p Hayward. Sties and San .lose 7.25*
6. 00f Hay ward. Nile* and San Jose 3 i5A
6-C0i- Eastern Eipren*— Oiiden. Denrer.
' Omaha. St. Louis. Chicago and
East. Port Cost.*. Benlcla, Sul-
. son. Elmlrs, Davis. Sacramento,
!£<><-'_ I In. Auburn. Col fax,
Trackee. Boca, lie no. Visit-
worth, Wlnnemucca 5 ?9»
• OOf Vallejo, dally. ?xcept Sunday.... » t =e,
7 00t Vallejo, Sunday only f '•° 9r
7X0r lttchmond. San Pablo. Port Co*U,
Martinez ami Way Station* J 1125a
• S6p Oregon A California Express— Sac-
ramento, Marysrllle. Redding.
Portland. Puget Sound and Eatt. 8.59a
t.iOr Oayward, Nile* tad San Jose (Saa-
Uayonly) 11-SSt
COAST LINE (>«rrow uaase;.
(foot of Marlcet Street.) __^
8.15a Newark, CenterTllle. • 8* a Jose.
Felton. Boutaer Creek. Santa
Cra> and Way Stations 5-55*
tf.lSr Kewark. Centerrllle. San Joie,
Sew Almaden. Lo» Gato«,Felton.
Boalder Creek. Bantt Crus tnd
Principal Way Station* tia 55a
4.1Er Newark. S»n Jose. Los Otto* and I '3 55 a
way lUtiont ) :13 55 a
*t9 30p Hunters Train. Saturday only. San
Jose and Way Station*. Return-
;',";' Ing from Lou Gatoo Snnrt»y only. J7 2S»
i OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
' rrouiiSAN KKANCISCO. i'oot i.f Market SciSHpO
—r,:lS »:Ott 11:00 a.m. 100 300 Bio P.M.
From OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — 1»:00 ;S:3»
ti:05 10:00 a.m. 12C0 200 4 00 p.m.
COAST LINE (Bro«4 ii»ir«).
pr~( third -ml To^rnseud Street*.)
6.10a San Jose and Way SUtlons B-30*V
700a San Jose anil Way Station* B-38*>
8 CO a Hew Almaden (Tue*.. Fr!d.. only). 4.10*
8 00a CoaatLlne Limited— Stopsonly San
Joae. Oilroy (connection for Hoi-
lister), Pajaro. Ca*troTllle. Sa-
' linaa. San Ardo. Pmo Kobles,
&antaMargarl(a.SanL-lsObispnt ''
Principal stations thence Surf
(connection for Lompoc) princi-
pal stations thence Santa Bar-
para and Los Angeles. Conasc-
tton at CastrovUlu to and frosa
Monterey and Pacific Grore 13-13**
t.ttU San Jose. Tre* Pino*. Cspltola,
6*ntaCrux,PaciacGrflTe.Saltnaa <
6an Luis Obispo and Principal
Way Button* 4 1O
10.20* £bb Jose and Way Station*. 1.20*
11 iC* S*nta Clara. San Jose, Los Gatoa
and Way Station* 7.30
UCr Sao Jose and W»y Stations 8-3&*>
iXOr Pacific Grove Kxpre**— SantaCIara
San Josp. Del Monte. Monterey.
Pacific Grove (connects at Santa
Clara for Santa Cruz, Boalder
Creek and Narrow Gauze Potata)
¦t Gllroy for Jiollliter. Tres
Pino*, at Castrnville for Salina*. 12-18*
3-30P Tre* Pino* Way Passenger {10 45a '
14 4ij» ban Jo*e, (via Santa Clara) Lo*
tiatos. and Principal Way Sta-'
tions (except Sunday) t9 12*
tS-30i> SanJoseandPrinclpalWayStatloa* t8.CiA
6.t(Jr bnnset Limited.— Kedwood, Saa
Jose, Gtlroy.fc'allnw.PasoHobles,
Eaa Lull Obispo, Santa Barbara,
' Los Angeles. Demlng. Kl Paso,
Kew Orleans, Kew Tork. Con-
nects at Pajaro for Santa Crua
and at CantroTtlla for Pacific
Grove and Way Station* 7.13a
1S.1E? Eau Mateo. Beresford.Belraont.Saa
Carlo*. Kedwood. Fair Oaka,
Menlo Park. Palo Alto t8.-3*
F.?Cr Esn Jose and Way Station* 6 36a
11.30r South S*n Fraaclsco. Xllllbrae. Bur-
llngame. -San Mateo, l'eimocs.
San Carlos, Kedwood. Fair Oaks,
Menlo ParkTand Palo Alto 9-45*
¦11-30r MajrflcM. Mountain Vie-*. Sunny-
vale, Lawrence. Santa Clara and
. San Jone t9-4S>
A for Morning. P for After soo»
3 Sunday only.
< Stop* at alt stations on Sunday.
1 Saaday excepted. a Saturday only.
CVOnly trains stopping at Valencia St. *oathbov_4
*re6:10 a.m.,7:iX'.».m., ll:S0A.*f.,S:20r.X.and 6:30p.jfc
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANG1610 ANj NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPAST.
Tlbaroa Perry, root of Uarket Street.
SAS rBANCTSCO TO SAX BAPA-L.
WEEK DAYS — 7:30, O:Ct>. 11 :0O a. m. ; 12:^3.
a:30, 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays^ — Extra trip
at 11:30 t>. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p.m.
SUNDAYS— 8:0O. 9:30, ll:C0 a. m.; 1:30.
o:H0. 5:C0. 6:20. 11:30 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SA2T FSAITCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:05. 7:35. 7:50. «:2O. 11:15
a m. : 12:5O. .":40. 5:00. 6:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS — S:0O. 9:40v 11:15 a. m. : X:10. 3:40^
4:5o. 5:05. «:25 p. m. •
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. I Sept. 27. l»03. [San Franclscrx
Week 1 Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. ( tlon. I days, f Days.
7:30a 8:COa 9:10 a 8:40a
0:30 a IxnaciO. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 3:.".0p 8:0* p 6:20 p
B:10p 6:00 p 7:33 p
7 -30 a '¦ : 0:10al 8:10%
8:00 a Novato, 10:40 a 10:20 a
3-30 p 9-30 a Petaluma 6:05 p 6:20 p
5:10p 3:3Op and . 7:35p
-'--¦-. . 5:00 p Santa Rosa.
~7-30a ~~~ 10:40 a 10:20 a
S:0Oa Fulton. 7:33 p 6:20 p
3:30 p 3:30 p
1 Windsor. \~
7-30 a S:00a| 'Healdsbursr, (10:40 a 10:20 a
I Lytton. 1 I
3:30 p 3:30 p) Geyservtlle. I 7:33 c 6:20 p
If Cloverdale. )
7:30 al 8:00 al Uopland 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p( andUklah. |7:35p|6:2Oj
7:3Oa|3:COa| Wllllta. | J :_35_PjJ_20_P
"7T3ba| 8:C0a| 110:40 a|10:20 *
3:30 p| 3:30 pi Guemevllle. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 at 8:OrTai Sonoma. I 9:10 al 8:40 a
0:10p|5:COp| Glen EUen. | 6:05 p| «:20 p
7:30 al S:0<>a! J10:4p"a!10:20 a
3:30 pj 3:30 p| Sebastopol. [7:3op[6:20p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for Saa
Quentln: at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Sprinjcs; at Fulton for Altruria and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
eerville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers, Booneville and Greenwood: at
Hopiand for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs.
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartiett Springs; at Ukiah -for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake, Porno,
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside Llerly a.
Bucknell's. Sanhedrin Heights, Hullvllle. Orr*»
Hot Springs. Halfway House. Comptche. Carcp
Stevens. Hopkln3. Mendocino City. Fort Brag*.
Wes'port. Usal: at .Wlllits for Fort Brass.
Westport. Sherwood, Cahto. Covello. Layton-
ville. Cummings. Bell's Springs. Harris. Ol-
aen'*. Dyer. Garberville. Pepperwood. Scotia
Saturday "to Sunday round-trip tickets at r«-
On Sunday round-trip tickets to- all pointj
beyond San Rafael at half rates. ._ .
Ticket< office. ti30 Market street. Chronic!*
bulldms. _ -, __.-- -
.H. C. WHITING. K- X. RTAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pasa. Agt.
Mt, Tamalpais Railway
"7 Leave TU SansaUu Imj Arrive
San Francisco Tot rf lUrtst fc San Francisco
Week Sun- un " VVee«
Oays^ days /rjm^P?^-. Days.
•11:11 i'«*:OOA i*:»»r 10:401
•l:4Bi» 9:OOa iSgacSiSsBf l:2»P3:5i>i.
5:15rlO:OOA 3:5Op 5:.M)p
11:OOa 4:ROp 9:5O»
•Cwnet with ttif% far * Kyt *_4 Tffl*T 0a»»
TWUr J 626 M akut St.,( North Shore RailrMkdj*
UnSB ) aw! SAUSAUro Fcxiv. Foot Maxte 9b
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
• si fl jEi
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED TO CHICACO
LEAVES DAILY ,
nt ;>::{(> a. m., tbrougrh in :i days,
with diner and. all trapplnsrs.
Other Santa 7e Trains:
7:Sft a. m. 1 f rr gtockton. Fresno, BakersHeld,
8-..10 a. m. I Merced, Hanford and Visalia.
4:00 p. m. fcr Stcckton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
. Chicago.
TICKET OFFICE — 641 Karlcet St.. and
Ferry Dcpct, s. r. Also 1112 Broad-
way! Oakland, Cal.
HCAZADERO, ETC.
via Sausalito Ferry.
"Suburban. Service,, Standard tlauje Electric —
Depart from^San Francisco Daily— 7:00, 8:W.
a:0O. 10:00, 11:00 a. m.. 12:20, 1:45. 3:15. 4:15.
515 0:15, 7:0O, 8:45. 10:20, 11:45 p. m.
"FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Daily— 5:25, «:'». 7:40, 8:35, 0:33. ll:0B a.
m - 12:20. 1:45. 2:65. 3:45, 4:45. 5:45. e:45.
8-45' 10:20 >p. ¦ m.' - .
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
C1SCO— Dally — 5:45. 6:55, 7:52, 8:55, ft.-sa.-
ll'"0 a. tn., 12:35. 2:00. ; 3:15. • 4:05, 5:05, «:o5,
7-05. t»:CO. 10::sfi d. tn. .-
THROUGH TRAINS.
S:00 a. m. daily— Cazadero and way stations
5:15 p. m.- week days (Saturdays czcepted)
Tomalea and way stations. . V<M*fe*0B____|
- 3:15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way _ta-
! tions. j'../. ,". ' , • ' ' - ••-..
, Sunoays only— 10 a. . m.. Point Reyes . and
wayistations. : ¦
-> TICKET OFFICE— 6C6 Market »t.
• FERRY— Union Depot, foot or Market it. .
AD VEBTTSEMEETS.
' OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS j
OF THE
FRANKLIN FIRE;
INSURANCE COMPANY
".¦>-.- i
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OF i
Perns-ylvania. en the 31st day of December. ;
A. D. liXTJ. accl for th«- year ending on that
day. a? made to the Insurance Commissioner of
the State of California, pursuant to the pro- I
\lt>ior.« of sections <510 and Cll'cf the Political
Code, condensed ae per blank furnUhed by toe '
CcnuriEsioner:
CAPITAL.
Amcur.t cf Capital Stock, paid up
In Cach tiOaOOO 00
ASSETS. — - - I
P.cai Estate owned by Company... J238.2OO 00
Leans on Bor.ds and Mortgages.. IOI.jTjS U0 I
Cash Market Value of a!) Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 2,471,423 00
Amount of Lcacs secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stock* and other mar-
ketable fcecuritiet as collateral 105,000 00
Caeh in Company'* Office 2.738 I«
Cash Jn Banks 70.16J 77
Itterest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Leans 573 20
Interest due end accrued on Bonds
and Mort£a*es 1.52S 47
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 100.548 37
Total aeeet* $3.fc»2.37S 97
LIABILITIES.
Lc**es adjusted and unpaid $17,33S 31
Lcfs^s in process of Adjustment or
in Surp^nee ",6^*1 02
Loece8 resisted, includir.jr expenses. t>.^25 00
lirort, premiums or.^"li"e Rlrkit run-
ninr one y»ar or lfcss. $467,731 00;
reinsurance r>0 per cent 233.SC3 54
Grrss "premium* on Fire Risks run-
ninp more than one year. >710.-
076 R6; reinfurance rro rata . 36S.412 13
Amount reclaimable by the Insured
on peiretucl Fire Insurance Pol-
icies v 0S2.633 12
Commissions and Brokerage <3u»
and to become due 24.S31 22
¦^Total Li_bilitie» -fl.C71.315 24
IVf^ME. ~
Net caeh actually received for, Fire
prrmiums (613.01S 52
R«^!v<><J for interest en Bonds and
Morurapes 6.863 20
Received for interest and dividends
on Bondc. Stocks, Loans and
from all other sources 109. 22-1 SI
Received for Rents 7.003 10
Total Ir-ccrne $7G7.<»* 66
' KXPENDITT-RES. " ~
ICet amount r«W fcr Fire Losses
Uncluc'.n*: 147.OCJ SS. losses of
previous years $351,751 05
iJlvldenda to Stockholders 80.000 CO
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brok<»rage 141.7S3 23
Paid tor t-»lar!ex. Fee« and other
ehartr** for o!ficer*. clerks, etc.. ' So.C94 ."5
Pftid for State. National and Local
taxes 20,902 31
All other payments and expendi-
tures 92.344 37
Total Expenditures $722,572 21
~~ Fire.
lyriEfes Incurred during the year $363.061 79
Kicks 'end Premiums. Fire Risks. | Premiums.
Net amount ot Rirks . I
written durinj the
yrar 5C3.S77.O97 $S26.SS3 07
Net amount nf Risks
expired during the .
year I S3.818.472 718.352 75
N*"t amount in force!
December 31. 1902. f 03,196.978 1,122.815 05
J. W. MCALLISTER, Prest.
K. T. CRESSON. Sect.
Kub*crlb*d end affirmed to before me thl*
ICth cay ot January, 1&03.
SAMUEL H. KIRKPATRICK.
Notary Public.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT.
218 SANSOMB ST.,
EAN FRANCISCO.
GEO. F. GRANT. Manager.
A.H. T.tt'.THEN. Asst. Manager.
G> H. UMBSEN &' CO., Ctty Atenta, 2V
Uonleomerj' street.Sllvtr and Sterling Exchange were tlightly
lowrr. . • .
Sterling Kxchanse. sixty days.... — $4 SO'4
SiortTA Exchange, elicht ......... — 4 8334
Stirling: Exchange, cables. .¦ — ' 4 $4><J
New Vork Exchange, sight/ ' ¦"— - ¦ 05 '-'.'
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 07'i
Silver, per ounce ....'.'. ! — B41''
Mexican Dollars ..../.....— 44'
Exchahi : and Bullion.
STOCK MARKET.
LOCAL MARKETS..
_The .-continued cool- weather - checked trade
In fruits and • 1 h« market generally wns jiull,'
notwithstanding tho fact ~ that -.sRveral or thn
large restaurants that had; recently been
closed' were reopened. ..Apples' continued to ar-"
rive- freely and the market was overloaded
with all descriptions and many: dealers were
cutting ; prices ' In • order, to ; effect sales. The
otl.«r tree fruits met with a sluggish demand
at. unchanged.' rates. c ; , There was very little do
iNfr in(Grapr3 and most*oC th» receipts were
still on, hand at the ; close.' Receipts of Ber
ries' consisted of, about ,2f),- chests, of -the large
varieties' of "StrawberrleF.-r which were mostly
oi poor. qualKy, and hardto sell.: :¦'. ¦
; Citruft fruits were abundant ami quiet. Jap
anese Mandarins- were, quoted' lower." as de
slrnblc lots were cleaned up.. A steamer
which -arrived from Acapulco added :I79 cases
t>> thf ' stock of '¦. Mexican . Limes. . , Prices, how
«\« r. J arf.unchans«'d.-.as the steamer.* riu* next
v.«ek l3'e\pocted ¦ to brlns liitlit "eupplics.
"STRAWBF.RRIES— Longworths. . : p« r
chtst; large berries 1 $2 RftfH per. chest
¦ RASPBHHRIES— Nominal.
.CRANBERRIES,— Cape Cod,;$llgl2 50;- JeW
sey*r$10®10 75. per bbl.Vv^ : :
- .APPLES— Fancy "Spltzcnbergs, $1 7302 per
box;*other varieties.? $l(gl - 50 for fancy. 75380c
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits'.
WASHINGTON
•TACOMA. Dec 10— WHEAT— Unchanged
Elustem. SOc; club, 76c. '"'.'.' .".'-'
PORTLAND. Dee. 10. — WHEAT — Walja
Walia. 72®73c: bluestero. 78c; valley. 78c
The clearances of wheat from this port for
the week ending to-day were 499,000 bushels..
Northern IV heat Market.
KEATTLE. Dec. 10.— Clearing*. $837,293;
balances. $154,124. »
TACOMA. Dec. JO.— Clearings. $319,217;
balances $43. 437. • . .-
PORTLAND Dec. 10. — Clearings. $540,811;
balances $69,466 ¦ . '• - - .-:•<->
SPOKANE. Dec. 10.— CtcarinRS. $337,010;
balancer, $17,5?4 •
Northern Business.
. Tint ln«es ¦ is still , flat , on J the ' Stock and . Bond
Exchangp. sales .- belns ;. extremely small . and
fluctuation few. ..The" onlv transaction of in
.tcrcst ;yc?terday, was a sale of cne/share. of the.
German " Savings 'Jlank at.'$22i3.' There ' was
nothing . new : in' the. oil' stocks. '
¦^.^Kx-dlvl«lcnd-' -yesterday :'; California ..Wine,As
sociation. ~ regular- monthly. . 60c '.per -share,
amounting: t0 *20.023 2i>. Giant: Powder Con;,
resula r ' monthly, 50c per share, - amounting . to
JIO.WJO, ;.v-; j . ¦• \ ? -.- :¦ '¦¦¦• ¦" ¦'¦ «-.-'-*v .<-¦'¦
•A final dividend a t the rate of $3 05 par share,
amounting '. to . $333,000. c has 1 been ; announced .' to
the" stockholders < of . ths San Francisco Gaslight
Company. ; v Payment will be made on January V
Mining Stocks.
PAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were tho sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock end Exchange board yesterday:
Morning Session.
6ftft Andes. ....... r IS" 1<V> Mexican S5
1C« Cairaonia .... -SI 3f>0 Mexican . 8«
ino ron Cal &. V.I 05 100 Occidental ... 43
200 Con Cal & V.I 10 100 Ophir 1 OO
100 Exchequer-... 1« 600 Overman IS
300 Gould & Cur. 35: SCO Sierra Nev... 4«
' 500 Julia ........ 05! 200 Union Con... 47
At ttrnoon Session.
20O Andes ....... l«t COO Gould & Cur. S3
100 Caledonia .... 60 10ft Overman 13
100 Con Cal & V.I 10 100 Potosi 19
2C0 -Exchequer ... 17 600 Silver Hill... 74
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
" > Mornintr Session. '
' 400 Belcher ..... "Oj .100- Pavage 37
L 200 Chollar .:1V.. 20 SOO Sierra Nev... 43
100 Con.C & V.I 07 U. SCO Sierra Nev... 47
200 Con C & V...1 C.-> 200 Knion Con.;. 49
200 Exchequer ... 1« S00 Utah .} 11
200 Gould & Cur. 35 200 Tel Jacket — 23
U.0 Ophir .. ;¦.... 1 SO 2t>0 Yel Jacket.:.. 22
SOO Overman .... 13 '
Afternoon Session. .
,V!0 Belcher ..... 20j 10« Ophir 1 M2VJ
1 (¥> Caledonia .... S-T 7««> Potosi 20
50(1 Chollar 20 600 Seg Belcher.. 0«
Con C & V.I 071^ 100 Silver Hill... 74
HK> Crown Point.. Ifi COO Utah.. 11
300 Gould & Cur. C3 '.'
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were, the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
I Morning Session.*
250 MacNamara .11 300 Ton Midway.. .47
50 Mont Ten ..1 43 -300 Ton N Star.; 3S
500 Ton -Belrnont. ¦ 73 .".00 Ton N Star.. \35 j
500 Ton Midway. 46 600 Ton N Star.. &4 !
.*..; Afternoon Session.
600 Mont Ten... 1 45| 2<J0,Tcn Midway.. 47
CLOSING QCOTATION3.-
THURSDAY. Dec. 10—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask: I Bid. Ask.
Alpha f 03 03 Justice ...... 00 10
Alta."....:...: 01 03 Kentuck ..... 03 01
Andes ....... IS 19 K Graessler.. — 1 W
Belcher .;."". .".; 19 - 20 Lady Wash .i — 03
Be«t & Belch. 1 00 2 lOl Mexican ;.....• 8C 8"
J3 Most houses report a demoralized Butter
market. T,"ith a downward ¦ tendency In jirirr?.
Some ¦ report fancy crcamfrips flrni and tec
onds very 'wf ak." v.-hlle 'others', -who are hVnvily
oyerloadeil report the whole l!ne plmted and
depressed. - It is largely a nutation of- In
dividual etocks. .-'.¦-. - ' '. • .. •
-Receipts wern ¦ 2fl.fiO> lbs Butter. 617 cases
Eggs and 12.S00 lbs,Clir<-se. .
BUTTER— Creamery. 27fr28c for extraa and
24<^26f! for seconds;' dairy. .1<i®24c: store Rut
«er, 17»ic; cold storage. 24#26c; JCastern. 2J®
23c- per "lb /
CHEESE— 12(3121,40 for the general market.
13e. for select, mild new. und IKJUVhc for
lower grades: Young Americas. l'-iifHc; East
ern.- 15V2i?16Uc; Western, 14^1">c per <b. -
KGGS— Ranch. 4^-Sr.Co for 'choice, and «ufl>
47 Me for Email . and mlx»d colors ; store, nom
.Inal;" cold storage, 2SS32Jic; 'Eastern, 26@28o
for cold storare."
Eggs are lower, with Fellers ' Inclined to
press'' the market ggfl slve concessions If neces
sary to fc*ep <loane(jl up. " Receipts are apt to
increase rapldly-at this time of the year, and
it Is considered ¦rIbc polfc-y to Utfp the floors
as 'bare ae possible." Thus far. however, the
usual- increase has not hegun.
The. Cheese market continues fiat and over.
slof ted. ¦ ¦• -
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
¦ GAME-— Mallard Ducks. $2 .">«&¦.': uer doi»n:
:$3?i4: Sprig.' $2®2 f>0- Te4l,
$1 SO: • Widgeon." $1 5061 7.": • pniall Duck«
$1 2."O1 RO; Gray Geese, $:j: White Orse. $1©
1 60: Rrant. $1 25 for small and .«2 for large:
H03ken>. ?5 for large and $4 for "mall; "Eng
lish Snip". $3: common Snipe. $l p 7S; Wild
Doves, $1 2.V Rabbits. 52 for Cotf.cntalls Rnd
$1 50 for Brush; Hare, ?l 25® 1 iO.
POULTRY— Dreceed. Turkeys. 22ffl"6c per lb;
live Turkeys. 20^22c per lb; Geese, per pair
$1 7P§2; Ppslirii-e. f2(q2 20: I)uckr=. f^C T>er
doxen for old and SO07 for young; liens, $4 PO
(95 for small and fS-gti for large: young
Roosters. ~ $4 50?jri: old Roosters. ?4 WKSo;
Fryers. ?4ST4 Z-0; Broilers, 54£j4 .'A for large
and $3QS 50 for small: Pigeons. $liftl 25 i>er
dozen for old and $2$2 25 for Sauab". ¦-*-
Game,' like Poultry, continued dull and there
were large lines of fine stock still on hand at
the close. Mallard. Canvasbark Sprig and
Teal Ducks had a further decline'
No. more Western Poultry came In and the
receipts of domestic were lighter, but the
market *\as liberally; supplied with carrled
over-*tt<k. lioth'local and >V«steni, and ruled
weak at the previously quoted prices. Leading
retailers were still complaining of the dullness
caused by the closing of the restaurants and
purchased but little, \vhlle dealers In the resi
denr-e districts were w?ll supplied having pur
chased freely early in the week', s '*
Poultry and Game.
Ftnck*— Open. High. Low. Close
Aic!;i*oti C4.7OO t>«« s C7'i C7»i
Atchieor. pfd J.2(K> H.t »»2 <r*'
Baltimore 4c Ohio.. 24.80* 78*, 7J- 1 ; 7SV
Dalt & Ohio p?d *;
Canadian Pacific .. 2.200 1IV IIS ll«
<>ntrtl of N J ;. 165
<"bc«ai*'ake & Ohio 2.400 X'.u. 32!i S2
Ohlcaito & Alton... 2.000 :'A»& 34 14 :n\
*~hi & Ai:oa pfn.. am 704 70 ro
ChicagoftG W.... ikmi l«i* 15*4 irt;
«,-hi i o w b prr... eiK) r7«, 27C 2*> 4
• hh-at* A N V. j.noo i, a ' i, W ii :cr *
CW T*nr. A Tr»n». 1(X» 7*i Nfc t,u
Ohi T ,'4c T pfd.. jno isu, ,IH*1 IS
«:o!'j a Pootherari "«*'io iiij' iiij I4U
«2»'o t.- Bo •« pM.. 20*»i^fc|tI • r.l«f. -a*'
il-:i {. s. ii n'<?.. ki>» s.:*~ -z..*". vz.< %
77V c- Hmij-m 3f*t isri * :;k% ',.',n>"2
Drl. 3-a'W & W "4-.*
ivnvf*- it.W.i Q.. V) '--.•V. Z1 22
Oer.v / : };j u «¦; j~fd. 7i>» ,72 "','¦'. yj
Hrl*. 100. Afli; ~3" 2i> '
Erie 1st pM ..: 4.3C-O W± «TU e;ii
r.ri* 2f} pfd ...;.. 4.500 ri=i, Rtj' 49^
Ot Ncrthrra ' pZt "160
HociUag VaJ!»>' ... ..... «... . ..'. 7Sfi
The publication of the brief* filed by the de
fendants in the Northern Securities case brings
into the near perspective tb« pending decision
in that case after the argument to be h^ard
on next Mon<i*y. There is a general feeling
that this decision may have no overshadowing
effect oa the c-curities market. The danger
of mone> flurries before the. end of the year
while preparation* are making for the annual
settlements also come* up for consideration.
The lummaty of returns made by national
berks throughout the country as of November
17 is not altoc-ther reassuring. With an in-
T*8!"e in inalvidusl deposit* over lai«t year of
?20, 000.0W. th- total cash held by the
~^.»rtk* *ho*-s a »hriukag«- of over $14.00O.Q<y>.
while the loan Item has expanded nearly $122.-
OOO.OOn. romrared t. ith the condition at the
time ««¦ the ¦ vr»v*ous »r-t«-jirnt on ?fpt*mber
9 of lhis year there is shown an increase. In
individual deposits of n«>srly f20.000.00ft and
in United State* deposits of over $12.000,0;»,
not*'ith*ttn<lin*; a contraction in loans of up
ward o' fM.00O.O0ft. The rash holdings of th»
bank* hat.* declined for the Mm' period M4.-
T7".243. In the items doe jo other • national
and gtate banks and tract «-©mpanlfts there Is.
howerer. a falling eff of more than $S0,00ft.COO
since 6ecten-.ber '.• s:atement. It wan not
.-•':,• 2: tne rlo!>e of the inaiket that the
»'jmni*rj' was yub'tshed of the domestic ex
ports lor Novemb**-. The»» show an iner'as*
over November cf last year of $34.7b7,£»8,
oring to the unprecedented value of the oot
t'm exDiwt*. which reached nearly $CS,'iOft.<wv,
:he ¦•¦¦z' + i ficui« for. ary month in the htstory
«f the courtly. -Tte persistent inward move
»»ient : of jrold.- which ti-os sufplementefi apnln
in-day, need* no othir explffnatlcn. The stock
insrket Hoi-ed rather irregular, but near ihe
The ftio of the bond m*rU*t was easv.
Total *»!•». United States 2s de
i:V.T.cl ''m J>er cant on th« lsrt call.
NLW YORK STOCK LIST.
* NEW YORK, Dec. 10— The *iock market
Tr.z.&* another struggle to-day against the
fndency to reaction, but ultimately suc
cumbed and yielded to a lower level. Net de
clines ran to between 1 and 2 points for many
pnmdsest stocka. An important Influence In
¦ •¦ • j.T-f :r.e the effort! to hold the market
»a* the heavy and persistent liquidation In
United State* 6t»el preferred. The fact that
much of thi» selling was attributed to Puts
burg account E*ve it a einUter import to the
speculative mind, owing to special facilities
of information as to trade conditions at that
lror and tteel ceater.
The. weekly review by the leading authority
in the trp.de we* also regarded at decidedly
unfavorable. e*lng to the continued accumu
lation of »tocka of pigiron., notwithstanding
a T.ntrertinn In production in the la«t t»o
mc-nths unprecedented for suddenness and
arrount. The- Increase tn »• »-umu!atlt»n Is
taid to apply to Southern furnacta aa well as
to the Northern. The exjsfnc* of a better
demand for current pigJron failed to offset
th« effect of this showing, as dM the favorable
report of the better tone of th» market for
ftructursl eteeJ. United fitatta St»»l preferred
ran on* three r>o'nt» in the final dealings, thu»
deciding the ton* of the market, which had
h«T. waverlcg and uncertain up to that time.
Th»" furloua e»*cu!atlon In Brooklyn Transit
continued, hut served rather to cau?e distrust
than to foster an advance, owing to a lack
cf information of any substantial grounds for
the buying of this *tock. The stock opened
*t a oecllne of •¦*. and afttr numerous fluc
tuations up to 53»*. f c ii back to the lowest and
clro»»ij there.
Xezv York Stock Market.
ST. LOUIS. Dec. 710.— "WOOL— Quiet. Me
dium grade*, combing and rlothing. 17iJ21^c;
light fine. ir>«17*,'jc; heavy fine, 123-14!ic; tub
washed. 2063;c.
St. Louis Wool Market.
CHICAGO
CHICAGO. Drr. ' 10. -^-CATTLE— Receipt*.
10.000: dull and lower. Good I to prim<? pteer?
$.-iST."> 7I>: poor to medium. $3 25@4 73; Ptpck
<>r« and feeders, $1 75<g3: cows. $1 {}f>g'l 00;
heifers. ?l 75«4 50; earners, $1 50^2 40; bulls.
fl 50f«4 S5; calves. $2€0 75; Texas fed steers,
$3 (fib i. ¦
¦ HOGS— Receipts to-day. "3.fiO0; to-morrow.
20.000; active. 5c to 10c higher. Mixed and
butchers. $4 35SM 'i-»: goo<l to choice heavy,
?4 HkB4 «2'i; rough heavy. $4 3<>#4 50; light,
$4 150^ fiO; ' b'Jlk ¦ of sales. $4 45rfj4 55.
•SHKEP—Recelpts. 12.000. Sheep slow. 10o
to 15c lower. -I.arr.bs steady. Good to choice
wethers, $:i 16ft 1 30; fair to choice mixed. $3®
3 75: Western sheepi %2 25<8.'3 >>0; .• native
lambs, $4#3 75; Western lambs, $3 00#5 70.
Eastern Livestock Market.
NE'VV-YORK. Dec. 10. — The cotton market
opened steady at a decline of 7 .points to. an
advance of 2 points and closed steady, with
July 1 point Ijlgher. but the other months un
changed to 10 points lower.
Nezv' York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. Dec. 10.— Tin was higher in
London, with .«pot 12s tJd above yesterday's
closing price at £124. while futures advanced
I5e to £125 7s Locally, tin was firm but
unchanged at $27g27 25.
Copper also was higher in London, spot ad
vancing 7s Cd to £56 17s 6d and futures ICs
tir£5C IDs.
Locally, copper shows rather a firmer under
tone. Lake. $12 25$212 50: electrolytic,
*12 J2'i©12 25: castlnc. $12^12 124.
Lead unchanged at £11 Is 3d In London and
at $4 25 In New York.
Spelter closed 2s 6d higher in London at
£21 2s Gd and at 514c locally.
Iron closed at 48s 9d In Glasgow, and at
41s bd in Middlesboro. Locally. Iron Is re
ported in better demand, particularly for
Southern grades, and" the tendency - seems to
be toward rather higher prices, though official
quotations aro unchanged.. No. 1 foundry,
Northern $1!H?18: No. 2 foundry. Northern.
SH'ui.i; No. 1 .foundry. Southern, and No. 1
foundry. Souttern. soft. $13 5C#J4.
Nczv York Metal Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
, BAGS — Grain Bags, 5®5i»c:: San Quentin.
6.05c; Wool Bags. 32®35c: Fleece Twine. 7%©
He; Cotton Fruit Bags, 6 ",4c, 6% c and 7%c lor
the three grades; Brown Jute* «H@7i4c.
"'COAl^- Wellington,- $8 per ton; New Wel
lington. $S: Seattle, $6 50; Bryant, SO 50; Bea
ver Hill, $3 50; " Standard. $7; Roslyn. $7;
Coos Bay. $5 50: Greta. $7; Watlsend, $7: Rich-'
mood.' $7 (0: Cumberland, $13 In - bulk ' and
$14 25 in sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
$14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50; Cinnel. Ss 50 per ton; Coke, $11 50@
13 per ton in bulk and $15 in sacks; Rocky
Mountain descriptions, $11 45 per 2000 Ibc and
$12 SO per' long' ton, according to brand.
' OIL'S-rQuotatlons are for barrels; tor cases,
'add 5c. ' Linseed. 45c per gallon for boiled and
43c for raw; Castor 'Oil,' in cases,, No. 1, 70c;
Bakers" AA. $1 10SI 12: I-ucoI. lie for boiled
'and 42c for raw; China Nut. 55#70c per gallon;
ICocoanut Oil. In barrels, &8c fgr' Ceylon and 35c
for Australian; extra bleached winter Sperm
Oil SOc; natural winter Sperm Oil -75c; extra
bleached w|ntsr Whale Oil. OSc:- natural Whale
Oil, «0c; extra winter Strained Lard Oil, We:
! No. lizard Oil, 75c; pure Neatsfoot Oil, 75c:
I No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil. 65c; light Herring Oil.
45c; dark' Herring Oil. 43c: Salmon Oil. 3Sc;
boiled Fish Oil, 40c; raw Fish Oi|. USc; boiled
Paint Oil 35c; raw Paint Oil, :53c.
COAL' OIL— Waler White Coal Oilln bulk.
l.V.jc;' 'Pearl Oil' in cases. 22c; , Astral. 22c;
Star, 22c; Extra' Star. 26c; Klalne, 2Sc: Rocene,
,25c; deodorized 'Stove Gasoline, In bulk. 17c;
¦ in cases. 23?ic; Benzine.' in bulk, 13c; jn cases. <
1U',sC;' 86-drgree 'Gasoline, In bulk, S\c', .in \
cares. 27 '.-ic ' ' ' I
TURPENTINE— ?0c per gallon In care? and i
74c in' drums 'J>nd Iron borreU. ' ' !
RED AND WH1TK LEAD— Red Lead. (5H9 !
7c per lb; White Lead, O'dJ^e, according to
quantity. - ••..•¦¦-•- . •
¦"SirGAH— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany (iuotP3 as follows, j>er lb; in 100-lb bags:
Cube*/ A Crushed ' and ! Fine Crushed. S.filc: :
Powdered, 5.50c: Candy Granulated.' 5.50c; Dry
Granulated, fin?. C.4Cc: Dry Granulated, coarse,
5.46c; Fruit,- Granulated. 5.40c; Beet Granu
lated (100-Ib bags on!y).. 5.20c; Confectioners'
A. -5.40c; Magnolia A. r.c; Kxtra C. 4.00c;
Go!der,:C. i.SOr; "D." 4.7Dc; barrels.lOc more;
half barrels. -Cic more: boxes. 50c more; 50-lb
bags, luc torn* for , oil kinds. Tablets— Halt I
barrels. O.i:f»c: boxes. C.lBc; H. & E. Crystal
17;omir.ft?. S.40c per ib. ¦ No orders taken for
less iht<n seventy-five barrels or its equivalent.
h CANNED > SALMON— The • export I business
conlinucs KOOfl. hut new business la dull. The
Unglish markets are In/fair shape, with stocks
being: : gradually decreased. Alaska Reds are
moled at ?1 30 and Pinks are liberally offered
at 50c. ,....
CANNED VEGETABLES— Canned Corn i«
strong" vith an active demand. ' Tomatoes are
quoted at SC?82V*c fcr 2|i-lb standards.
. Receipts of Produce.
jv.*:.',. ¦. . •/ . . "¦ . ; •• ¦
. FOR -WEDNESDAY. DECEMBER .10. 1
Flour f;r sUs. r ".*. 11.587 Screenings ska.. 1,100
Wheat ctls . ...27.0t>5 Wool, bales .... 74
Barley ctl<« :;:. 45.845 Rye/ ctls .".:.... 7C0
•Bean" f<ks 2.485 Shorts.* *ks *..."¦? IPO
Corn." ctls... '...- 10 Feed, pks .. 160
Potatoes sks :..'6.rwo Tallow ctls ;..-.; 234
Onions; sks '; ' ."<50 Pelts. No ...... 645
Bran ' eks ...... :. 1.21MHldes No 240
Middlings, sks .. 61SiRalsln.«. bxn ... 1,600
Hay.- tons . . .". ... V,U~ \ leather. " rolls . . 4S«
Ptraw.' tons 22 Wine, gals ..... .81.300
Heps*, bales .... ' 173 Siurar, fctls:..... . 2.jO
- OREGON. -
Potatoes, ska .:. '84|
General Merchandise.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In. San Francisco, less ">O
per. cent shrinkage for Cattle:
-CATTLE— Steers, 8®9c; Cows and Heifers,
7©8c: thin Cowp, 4®5c per lb.
CALVES— 4Q4>£c per lb (gross welcht).
SHEEP— We"ther«. 3»;®4c; Ewe«. 3U@3Hc
per Ib (gross weight).
LAMBS- 4»/i£5c per lb. *
HOGS— Live Hogs, 140 to ISO lbs, 5^c: over
180 lbs," 5c; Sows, 20 per cent off; Boars, 50
per cent eff, and Stags. 40 per cent. off from
above quotations.
LIVESTOCK ¦ MARKET.
. Wholesale rates from slaughterers'* to deal
ers are as fellows:
BEEF— Gt£®7iac for Steera and 5©6c per
lb for Cows. '.
VEAL— Large. SgDc; small, 909&C per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, S^Siac; Ewes. SgSVaP
per lb. ¦ -
LAMB— OHSlOc per Ib.
PORK^Dressed Hoes. 7<§Stic Der lb.
- The dem«n-l and supply about balance, and
quotations . ri-main unchanged; *
DRESSED MEATS.
Meat Market.
The Supervisors* Fire Committee
yesterday reported in favor of au
thorizing the Mayor to dispose of a
large quantity of old material which
has accumulated in the Fire Dspart
ment And of which no use can be
made. The petition of architects that
the building ordinance be amended
with respect to light and vent shafts
on the ground that the present law
is restrictive and oppressive^was re
ferred to the Board of Works for a
report.
Mayor to Sell Old Material.
ONIONS— $1®1 20 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. 3<gr.c per lb;
String Beans. 4@Gc per !b; ' Wax, SQScV To
rnntoes. ICSuOc per box for bay «ud 5O@75c
per crato for I,os Angelee; Sum-ner Squash
from Los ¦ Angeles. 7*»«i!«5c per box; Cabbage,
Oftc.per ctl; Carrot.<=. 75c per sack; Cucumbers
SlOl 25 per box for' bay and : for Los
Aogeles; Garlic. e@7e per Ib; Egg Plant CfiSc
per lb; Dried Peppers. oftSn per lb for Stock
tqn and 114?124c for eouthrrn: Dried Okrfl
12li«r per lb; Green Peppers. $1SH 25 per box:
Mushrooms, 23^Oc per lb: Marrowfat and
Hubbard Squash. $10012 'per "ton for round
lots and '.{-©Ic per lb for sacked/
POVA^OKS — Hurbanks from the river. CO'rf
90c per ctl: galinas Rurbanks, fl®l 45 por
ctl; Oregcn Btirbarks, 80c@$l 05 per ctl: River
Keds, (ii>S!E5c per ctl; Sweet Potatoes Jlffl 15
per ctl. ¦ ,
The Potato market was overloaded with all
descriptions of BurbankF. and as trade was
very quiet prices" were barely steady. The quo
tations, however, were unchanged, as the. bulk
of the -supplies were held by a few houses and
there was no inclination on the part of Jjold
ers to" force sale«. No fresh Sweets were re
ceived, but carried-over «»toek was plentiful
and draRptd at unsteady --'--• t Onions were
unchnnEed. with the market welj' supplied "and
rather weak. " •- •" ¦ . 1 ¦ '
Fresh arrivals of Peas. • Bean's^'nd fiummf-r
Squash from the souths were light and choice
Inta met with prompt .pal«- at Improved prices.
Tomatoes continued abundant and ruled weak,
a* the cool weather checked the demand.
Mushrooms were' in small supply' and cleaned
u;> quickly at higher rates. .The quotations for
J.lma Beans are withdrawn, as there are no
more coming In.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Cash quotations were as follows:- Flour,
' steady: No. 2 spring: wheat: Sic; No. 3, 78c;
No. 2 red, SHitoSl'.jc; No. 2 corn. 4l-ic; No.
2 yellow. 44c; No. 2 oats, 31\c; No. :; white,
35@37c; No. 2 rye, 5T>4©0lc; good feeding bar
ley, 3tj$37c: fair to choice maltinc, 43<&."V7c;
; No. 1 flaxseed. £>2c; No. 1 Northwestern, 084c;
! prime timothy seed, $2 65;" m«S»' porkf per
bbl. $11 374&M 50; lard, per 100 lbs. $6 40ft
i 6 42>i; short rib* sides tlocse). $6(36 25; short
clear sides (boxed), $S 124®« 25; whisky,
basis o'f high wines, $1 27; vlover contract
grade. $11.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 41,(500 13,700-
Wheat. bushels tt'J.tfflO 21.300
Corn, bushels 154,000 «iS,10O
Oats, bushels 204,400 »5,20<>
Rye. bushels 800.500 .">;2f»
Barley, bushels' 83.300 :n,<Jno
On the Produce Exchance to-day the butter
market was steady; creameries. 16<^25c: dai
ries. 14@21c. Kgcs, firm, 25<g'27 I .-ic. Chefa*,
steady, 10t»104c
Foreign Futures. /.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — • Dec. March. May.
Opening 6 .1«; 6 4V« B S.%
Closing 63>, 6 4'.j 6 2*i
'-;"; . paris. '
Wheat — Dec. Mar.-June.
Openlrg 20 65 20 75 |
Closing 20 65' 20 70
Flour — ' :
Opening 28 15 27 90
Closing 2S 20 27 95
The Supreme Court declared yes
terday that Jacob K. Gries need pay
none of the money left by his wife to
San Buena Ventura Lodge No. 214,
Free and Accepted Masons. Airs.
Gries left her property to her husband
with a request that $1000 and certain
real estate be griven to the Masonic
lodge for the perpetual care of her
grave. The court decides that her
v.ishes outlined in the contested sec
tion of the will constitute a request
and not a bequest.
Masonic Lod;je looses Suit.
Limas are reporletj easing off/ both' here
and in th« eouth, though the change' in quo
tations is srisln. i'inks rrmtmuo lirra, The
other clescriptlons remain as before. I •
UEANS- Bayos. J2 30@2 40; Pea, $:i; But
ters. *3 l»; *niall White. . $2 85@3: large
White. *2 40«2 CO: Pink. $2 65^2 75; Red.
S3 50; Lima. »3(&3 10; Red Kidneys. $4@4 2»;
Blackeye, ?2&2 15 per ctl; Horse Ueans, $1 50
©2. - ,
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $3: Yellow Mus
tard, *2 B562 4i5; Flax, $1 S0S1 00; Canary,
bttu^c for Eastern; Alfalfa. *ll®14c: Rape.
l?i«r'-4c: Timothy. 6®«4c; Hemp, 3UO3mQ
per Ib; Millet. 3®34c; Broom Corn Seed. $20^
23 per ton. " - t .-
DRIED PEAS— Green, $1 S0@2 per ctl. •
Beans and 'Seeds.
tlSfr.H Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAX FRANCISCO. Dec. 10. 5 p. xg.
The ?ollo«ir.» ar» the reasons 1 raJnfalU to
<!*?• as compared with those of umc date last
seaaon ted raJnfail in laat twenty- four bour»:
_„. , !•«« This T^st
Sttt:on»— 24 hour*. Season. Season.
g""** «.00 14.34 JS-««
Red Bluff O.dO n.72 II 79
Fscrejnecto o.no s.r.2 S 15
San Fr&aclscp o.oo 4.42 4.75
Fresno n.mt o.r»4 ;»i
Independence o.vo 0.42 0.79
6sj» l»ui* Ob!*po O.OO 0.44 4.47
Jjom Angeles o.oo 0.4S 2^47
San Diego Q Q0 0 M 2.51
THE COAST RECORD.
a K k O »
I §*| I'l %l P I
STATIONS. j «| • g =§ j^ g
: = c : ¦' : « g
:••:•: ?
Baker SO. 04 X2 24 PW <'loudy .Oi>
• "arson ».»4 ft« 12 KW t'loudy .liO
E-Jrt-Ai So.l* «) 4S X Cloudy .«K)
Fr^mo 3rt.O2 ffl M E «*lear .00
Far&llon 30.03 W r»2 KW Cloudy .rK>
Fiapstaff 3<».1O 4>i 4 K Clear .U0 ]
Pwetello 30. OK 42 14 F. Pt.Cldy .00
Independence 29. UH fiO 34 NE Oear .CO j
!.->* Angeles. .29.94 7<i 42 YV Clear .00
Mt TamalpaiE.30.01 67 4S N Pt.Cldy .O<»
phoenix S9.92 €8 34 Sff Clear .00
'oir.t Reyes. ..2».J«8 A3 49 N\V Cloudy .00
Portland 30.12 34 3<> f-E <1oudy .fU
rita Bluff 30.04 M M H Pt.Cldy .00
Roseburg 30.18 3S 3a XE cloudy .OA
Parramento . .:a).O4 C2 2S X Clear .00
Salt !-ake W.IO 42 22 X\V Oear .00!
Sen Franc:sco.30.0S S2 4«* XW t'loudy .00
P. U. Ob!«po. -SO. 02 70 36 IV Clear .00
Pan Uifgo 23 .M «4 46 XW Clear .00
!?ca:tle 30.08 40 U2 SE Rain .12
Spokane 3<i.O« 30 2« P\V CJoudy .00]
Tancrch 29. US 4« 44 E Cloud jj .OS
Wsiia n>IU..30.I4 2S 26 PW Cloudy .w i
Wir.nemuc.a .30.04 4« 10 W Cloudy .0<> j
Vuma 29. fc' 70 44 X Clear .to
WEATHER COXDITION'P AXD GENERAL, I
FORECAST.
The rr«-ssur» has fallen rapidly during; the
I««t twenty-four hours over the western half
of the country and there are indications that
« change in the general weatber condition will
»uon occur. . .
!>icht r8:n has fallen in Washington and
SfortlterB Oregon and cloudy weather is re
;-..rt«d at tarioui points In California.
There !>•? tx^en out little change in temper
olurf r-n the P*ciflc .-.¦;.«
Ko:e<-a*t rr.ad* st Fan Franci*co for thirty
hour* en<1lr.j rr.'dr.ight. December 11:
Northern <"a!ifoniia — Cloudy. •unsettled
««-ather Friday, with conditions becoming fa
tncaWt I'* rain: lifht northuatt wind, chang
ing to southwest. - .
Bostbcfa California— Cloudy Friday: V.ght \
r<'!-<hfa*t wind. chanirinK to southwesterly. j
Ne\ada — I'loudy Friday.
S;in Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Friday;
!:ght northeast wind, chancing to nouthwest.
A. G. McADIE. District Forecaster.
¦It is" estimated 'that about 35,000- hales of
Hops remain unsold In Oregon and 10.000 bales
In Washington, a total for the coast of 55.000
bales out of'a crop of 163,000 to 167,000 bale*.
The market rematns'about the same. '" v
HIDES AND SKINS — ' nils and brands sell
about 14c under quor%tlon^. Heavy salted
Steers. 9c: medium, Se: Mght, 7%c; Cow Hides,
IV4C for heavy and 7',4c for light: Stags, 5c;
Salted KtD. 9c: Salted Veal, 10c: Salted Calf,
lO'.iQllc; dry Hides, 15c; dry Kip. 13c; dry
Calf. 18c; Sheepskins, shearlings,- 25@30c each;
short .'Wool,- 406C0C each; Horse Hides, ealt.
$2 75 for Urge and $2&~2 50 for medium, $1 25
©1 75 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse.
Hides, dry, $1 75 for'laree and $1 50 for me
dium, $1®1 25. for email and 60c for Colts.
Buck Skins— Dry Mexican. 31c; dry salted
Mexican. 25c; dry Central American, 31c. Goat
Skins — Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth,
50c; medium. 36c: small, 20c.
TALLOW — No. 1 Tendered. 44c p.er lb;
No. 2. 4c; erease. .24@3c. . •
WOOL — Fall clip— San Joaquln Lambs'. 9@
lie; Middle County, ll@12c; Northern Free,
ll@12c; Northern Defective, 10@llc; Humboldt
and Mendocino, 12@14c; Nevada, 13@15c; Ore
gon fine. 18®19o; Oregon medium, 17c per lb.
HOPS— 19622c per lb for California.
Hides, Wool, Talloiv and Hops.
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
Dec. (new) S0>4 . F<Hi '.8'i 70%
May SI?* MIS SOU S»!»
July 7C»i 77 76V4 \ 7«%
Corn No. 2 — ' \ "
December 414 41% • 41>,i v 41%
May 43 43>ft ¦ 42% 43^
July 42', 43'i 42»i 43
Oats No. 2— ¦ t \
December ...... 34H 34 »i 3UJ S*%
May 3«Ji 36% 36ii 39»i
July 33«« 33% .33^ 33%
Mess Pork, per bbl- — Nw
January .11 174 U 174 11 124 11 1» '
May 11 424 H 65 11 42H 11 624
Lard, per 100 lbs — ' ----- •*+* -..,-
Januan' 6 424 " r > 424 6 40 0 424
May 6 55 6 CO 6 55 « 60
Short Rlts. per 100 lbs—
January 5 074 • 6 024 5 96 6 024
May 6 15 « 224 6 15 6 20
There Is nothing further new in this market,
all 'descriptions being 'steady.' ¦"''¦¦¦'/¦¦. ,':','''""¦
BRAN— $1'J &O02O 60 per ton.
MIDDLINUS-HttU 5C^'8'C0 per ton.
SHORTS— $18 50«?20 60 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rplley Barlty. ?24g25 per
ton; Oil Cake Meal at the mill, $27@2S &0:
Jobbing, $29i&30; Cocoanut Cake, $21@2:i; Corn
Meal, ?29@30; Cracked Corn, ?2« 60@30 50;
Mixed Feed, $-.'2 S0&H; Horee Beans, f30(&4y
per ton. • •
'HAY— Wheat, $14816 60;' Wheat and Oat,
$13 5O@16 CO; Oat, $13gl8; WUd Oat, $11 Wi®
13 50; Barley. $11613; 3tockr$lO©ll; Alfalfa,
$10iqfl2 50 pec ion, v , . '. V* ' .
STKAW— 40S65c p«r bale. •
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Weather Report.
"Chicago was fairly steady, with moderate
receipts of Hogs. Papers were reported ac
cumulating flock In their cellars and at the
same tltn" trying t<? force down prices, thlnk
>n« that th«»y will sell higher later on. -
The local market is dull and without feature,
'he fe^llne fs ,easy and there i* plenty! of
MHTaTS— Bacon,, ll^c per lb- for
heavy, 12c lor' light medium; 14c for 'light.
J44c for extra light. ISc; for, sugar-cured and
for : extra eugar-cured:' Eastern sugar
cured Hams. 14c: California- Hams, 13*49
13 4c; Me«3 Beef. $11 50 per bbl; extra Mee«.
$12012 50; Family. $13; prime Mess Pork, |17;
extra clear.' $24: Mess. $1&; Dry Salted Pork.
12c; Pig Porkr*2S; Pigs" Feet, ?5 25; Smoked
Beef, 15c per lb. :r '- ; /v^ v r
LARD — Tierces quoted at ' 7Hc per lb for
compound and flo-for purer half barrels, pure,'
9Vlc; 10-lb tins. 9%c; 5-lh,^tins, 9T»c; 3-lb tins,
IOC. - - "' • - ¦••" . ¦! '¦¦-•'•
- COTT(OLENK — One half barrel. 8T»c; three
half barrels, &?+c; one tierce, 8%c; two tierces,
S&c; Hve tierces, S?4c per lb.
Provisions.
Si OAK— R;tw. firm: rrflnVii. ou:i. :
« iCrFFCn— Pivt RIc. nrn-.:;No. 7. involcr. 7<r
sntla. ¦;«;•!»: Cordova. ¦-- iv%#tee. Tlio murkft
'cv ocfr«-^ futures 'rpsn-diflra: it an. sdvancft
of luftlS pnlrts. foUowlaj.un5spcctedl7 higher
Ei'.rop^tn m»rket». rt!H. sirallcr Interior F».ntoh
rrreipi? »nd fifthrr wnfavoraW* 'crop n€Tn
frr.m Brazil. The close wre I.*g23 point* hiRh
tr, wlili salrt? .->f ifi7.75<-> Imsrs. Ir.eludintr: De
fcmt-er, O.M'^C.OCc; ' Januarv; 0.6030. 70c;
A\ HEAT— Receipts. /s.KOO buf.he!s. Spot eaey
No. 2 ltd, M%c elevator; No. ;. rfd ¦* 00«ic
t. o. i,. afloat: NV. 1 Non hern . Dulu'th.' to
f. o. b. afloat; No. I hSrd Manitoba, nominal
f. ob. afl<*t. Option* opetK-d easy on cablea
and favcraWc Foulhwwi v>xat2:ir iicwf. Itally-
Ing with the U'wt, ibe-y muscquently broke
under rn*rt9 ihai prominent Chicago bulls
were •jnJw.ding. For Lhls a. wcon*I rail v oc
curred on talk of bplilifii croiireporti! hig'rou"
cl*>aran.r» and a 1-ulll.tli MkhlRan State report*
cluing Md'H.c net higher. May closed «»»:-'•
jOiy c3o»3i81!4c; Dect:«ber cloved 83%»c/**,«
.! " HOT- r* — P";rrcj.
- HIT>Cc-— Klrrp.
Wrtl.L-FIrn:.
,^ F '^' TORK - Dec - < 10 — FLOUR -Receipt?.
30.J1. exports. 4392 barrels. -Dull but abs*;r
ot'ad;-. j '»;•;
Hocking Val pfd K3
Illinois Central ... 3.000 ISO'* 129?, 123U
Iowa Central 20H
Iowa Central pfd 3R
Kane City So lS'.i
Kan» City So pfd 35
Loui«v & Nashv .. 2iu) 1C6^ 105H 1C5S
Manhattan L 21.T00 144^ 1421* 142*,
Metropolftan St Uy 7,500 124 1 » 12154 1C2
Minneapolis i- St L .*>6
Missouri Pacific .. 32.#X> 03*; PI ?i b2%
I M. K & . T 100 JSU 1SW 17U
M K & T pfd 1.200 3fl» 4 39 39
Nat RR or Mex pfd L'OO T.6% 3ti'i 36
N Y Central 4.2«O 120 117» t 118
Norfolk & Western 1,800 8SH 56T% 57
Norf & W pfd. S7
North Securities S3
Ontario & Western. 3.31X1 22i* 21 'i 21-.;
Pennsylvania 57.000 11SH 116*i 117
P C O & St L «>
Reading 35.SC0 45«i 437* 43'i
Reading 1«t pfd 77
Reading 2d pfd .. 1<"O «I «1 <*>
Rock Island Co ... 27.O0O 26*i 2R^ 25»i
Rock Island Co pfd 1.100 62 61 Vi «1 \%
St L & S F 1st pfd 60
SLfcSFM pfd.. 2<t0 4514 45 44^
St L S W AC<n ]4!i 14 .:..
St L S W pfd 600 :««4 33'i iilVi
ft Paul 35.S0O 142>, 140% 140H
St Paul pfd 100 172»i 172*4 .171^
Scjthern Pacific .. 27.100 47>» 46«i 46%
Southern Ry 7.700 2»)'i 20H, 20«^
Southern Ry p?d.. 17.O0O 7S»i 77<< '"
Texas * Pacific .. 2.000 23 H # _'5 -4;,
Tol St L & Vs.... J00 21 '« 21 H -1
To! Pt L & W pfd. 200 TASk *5 '-^"i
Union Pacific 55. «» 7«4 77',i 7.%
Tnion Pacific pfd. 100 K" SS Si
I WaMkfh 1.200 204 Wg 1«^
Wabash pfd 6.300 37"i S6% S*%
"Wheel & L K •••; « -
Wisconsin Central.. 500 17V* lu'j IR^k
Wit Cent pfd 700 3S«i »'% *'l*
Express Ccmpaniee—
Adams =0« •
American \*~
Inlted States 101
• WellB-Fairo 200
Miscellaneous—
Amal Copper 56.400 47»i 45 45U
Am car & F 1.300 19^ ISJl Ig%
Am Car & F pfd.". 300 66>* 6C'i C6
Am Linseed Oil S»H
I Am I-in Oil pfd 100 30 .".0 28%
] Am locomotive ... 4i» 15^ 14«i 14 : j
I Am Ix>coir.o pfd ... • 300 76H 76 70
I Am Smelt £ Refng 3,(«JO 49«i 4S 43
Am P & P.tfng pfd. 200 »0Vi S9% M^g
Am fupar R«-fng.. 20.100 126 12-5*4 124
Ana MinlnK Co 700 79 7R 74
Bklyn Rapid Tran. 124.70") 53% 50^ .V);,
Colo Fuel & Iron 2<S
Col & Hock Coal 1 1 !i
Consolidated Gas .. 12,200 l.vr.^ lMft 1S1&,
General Electric .. SCO 1«>U lfitt Ifi5
Inter Paper 80<> 11 «j 11 V>\i
Inter Paper pfJ 100 63Vi (3'i «3
I nter Pump 30
Inter Pump pfd 70
National Blsmiit . . . . . .• . ..... :>«* 4
National Lead 4<.-0 16"« 1C 1«S
North American 75
Pacific Mail 2tj<» 25 24*i 25
People's Gu 8.700 »75i l»6»i »6*»
PreFsed Steel Car . 600 26?4 264 20
Pressed S Car pfd 66
Pullman Pal Car 21 H
Republic Steel 1.000 7 «»; C^ |
Republic Stwl pfd.. 1.700 42 40 4<>
Rubber Goods 1,200 19 1^'i 1KU
Rubber Good* pfd ." .... 71 '
Tenn Coal & Ircn . 3.600 33>; 31 '4 31^
i: S Leather 7.500 S 7 7^
IT S Leather pfd S7'i S7«i S7'4
U S Rubber .... »S
II S Rubber pfd SH '
U S Pteel 25.000 11 \ 10»s 10'i
D S Steel pfd 1G7.2OO 5«»i 54 M '
Western Union ... 100 87 H 67 Vi fc«
UNITKD RAILROAD*? OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK Dec. 10.— Eond transactions cf
the ITnit»d Rairoads of San Francisco — (5000
at I 75 62 H ; 5000 at «75 50.
NEW. YORK BONDS.
D S ref 2s. reg..105H|L * N unified 4M00
Do coupon 106 iMan oon gold 4s.l01*i
Do 3*. reg ...lC7>ifi!rx Cent 4s.. .. 71 'j
Do coupon I07V»lMex Cent 1st Inc. 15'i
Do new 4s=. r^g.l33*i |Minn & St L 4«. W>»i
Do coupon 13*, Mo Kau & T 4n. 80*ij !
Do old 4s. reg. 109 Do 2d* 77 '
Do coupon 110 jx R of Mex con4s 75>4
Do 6s. reg ...101i;jN Y C gen 3«4».. 99S
Do coupon 101 U N J C gen 5s 13i>H
Atch gen 4s 100 >r O r Pac 4s ....KCVi I
..Do adj 4s R7>i Do 3» 70*i '
Atlantic C L 4s.. 03 Nor & W con 4«. 96'i
Bal & Ohio 4s... 101 O S L 4s * panic »2*«
Do 3',«s »4*4 Pa ennv 3>4s ft.%Vi
Central of Ga. 5r.lC4> Reading* nen 4s.. iK}'^
Do 1st inc 67 S L A- I M con .%». Ill »i
Che* & Ohio 44s.li"2ii S I, & S F fg ,4s. S3 '
Chi & Alton 3',3. 75 St I>ouix SW lets. U.1
C, B &. Q new 4j> Q.I ,Hpaboard A L 4s. "OY,
C. M «- PtP gn 4s.HO ,.so Pac 4s ...... S.S
Chi it NW ccn 7(!.13n»i:8o Ry 5s il.Ti
C. R I & Pac 4s. C9»«!Tex i- Pac lsto.,115
Do col 5s 75*4 iT. 6t I. & W 4«. 70
C.C.C (. SL gnls. 05'!. Union Pac 4s lo^si
Chi T»rm 4» 7C Do conv 4? 95
Coos Tohaero 4.«. 563; y g steel 2d 5s »»*i
Colo & So 4* SSmWnbaFh Ists .. nr.s:
Den & Rio G (i. Mi,! Do deb D «V»'i
Etie prtcr lien 4s. PS'.ijW & L Erie 4s!' 87 U
Do sren 4s S<i |Wis C»nt 4s ... 89 U
F \V * D C 1sts.lC-2«aiColo F & I con 5s 67
Hock Val 44s ..IOC 1
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 10; uttl*« Chief ... nr, !
Alic 13]Ontario r, (in
Rre^ce 10 Ophir ."' x -•
Brun? con 03»4' Phoenix 04
Com Tunnel iXSiPotOFl ' iw
Con Cal & Va... 1 OOjSavage ' aa
Horn Silver 1 nO.Sieirai Nev... \n \
Iron Silvfr 1 f»o! Small Hopes m
Leadville Con ... '. 02 'Standard .".'2 00
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— (Wasting Com 77
Call loans 6fl6», 1 « Mining— -
Time loans S@6'i|Ad venture 2
Bonds — JAllouez " 45/ I
At'-hiwon 4s f»9 Amal Copne*- ' 4fi«. !
M»x Cent 4? C9 ;Daiy "West '...'.'.¦ 34 *
Railroads— iRingham 21'i
Atrhl»on C74|Calumct * H«>cla.4?,9
Do pfd 01*; Centennial if;
Roston & Albsny.245 Copper Range ... 4*j
Boston *¦ Maine. llS'j Dom Coal . 74
Boston "Kiev 140 [Franklin ."... '" Tti
N Y. N H & H.-IPeiiili'le Royale ...." fill
Fitchburg pfd ...130 Mohawk 3«i, I
fnlon Pafiflc ... 77 Old Dom >, i
M<«x Cent 0»4'Oeceola -91 •
Mlscrllaneous — {Parrot "" ifit
Amer Sugar .'..124 Qulncy ." " s j *
Do pf<l 121 Santa F« Copper' |il
Amer Tel A Tel.. 124 ft Tamarack .. ' Jj
Dom Iron A S.. 8 Trinitv 4*
«<?n Electric 165 United States . " isv.
Mass Electric 19«i Utah . ' "ot-
Do pfd 7rt Victoria %i*
United Fruit ....ICO Wlnona. " 714
V S Steel !O*g Wolverine '.". «k
Do pfd M
New York Grain and- Produce.
As a result of the vaulting ambition
of a mule to kick a locomotive off the
track, P. F. Walther and the Sierra
Railway Company became entangled"
in a lengthy and expensive bit of lit
igation, which was ended by the Su
preme Court yesterday. It appears
from the evidence that the enjeine
knocked out its opponent i,n a single
round.
The law says that a railway com
pany is responsible for animals killed
by its trains provided that the track
runs beside or through the land of the
owners of the beasts. Walther, in the
phraseology of the court, was the
••licensee of the tenant of the owner
of the land" beside which the mule
in question met an untimely end.
The railway companj* contended
that it was not liable for the sudden
demise of the kicker because Walther
was not the owner of the land. The
court says that he possessed all the
property rights necessary to secure
damages for the death of his mule.
The Sierra Railway Company will
have to pay for the mule, although the
amount may have to be determined by
further litigation.,
Supremo Conrt Solves Perplexing Le
gal Problem Resulting From Un
forttinate Animal's Ambition.
RAILWAY COMPANY WTUL
HAVE TO PAY FOR MU1»E
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs in ample supply.
Potato market overloaded. Onions and Tomatoes in large supply.
Poultry and Game in large supply, with Wild Ducks lower.
Continued cool weather checking the demand for Fresh Fruit.
Pacific Coast Hops steadily passing out of growers' hands.
Wall-street stocks several points lozvcr, with Steel very zveak.
Local slocks a?d bonds neglected and stationary.
SpFcr and Sterling Exchange slightly lo::rr.
Government report gives condition of Wheat lower than average.
Barley, Oats and Corn about as before quoted.
Hey and Feedstuff s steady and unchanged.
Lima Beans urakening slightly, here and in the south-
Butter end Eggs in heavy supply and depressed.
Cheese still flat and weak, 'with heavy stocks.
Chicago packers accumulating provisions and bearing prices.
Dried Fruits, Kilts and Raisins verv airei.
Esperanxa ... — 01 1 Ton A Cal... — 23
Gold Mt Con. nl — IToa rf Nev.. — 6 SO
MacNamara . «• 13: Ton N Star.. 34 37
Mont Ton..l 45 1 4"S>Ton Midway.. 4T 4J»
Rescnn 05 07! United Tqn .. 10 12
Ton Belmoit. 75 — !
TONOPAH MINES
Bullion 07 08, Occidental ... 42 45
Caledonia 8O SliOphlr llioiu
challenge ... 2rt 2l|CKermao 13 It
Chollar 21 22'Potosi 21 22
Confidence ... — S3| Savage 37 33
Con Cal & V.I Cft 1 lOiScorplon f>2 <W
Con Imp 02 OSlSeg Belcher.. ©« 07
Con N Y 11 lSiSIenra, Nev... 4H 48
Crown Point.. 15 18; Silver Hill... 73 ' 75
Eureka Con.. — 50 St Louis .... 13 15
Exchequer ... 18 17 Syndicate ... 04 0«
Gould * Cur. 32 St Union Con... 4S 49
Hale & Norc. 45 4fi Utah .' tl 12
Julia 05 esiYel Jacket 21 32
RAISINS — F. o. b. prices. Fresno, for 1903
crop: 50-lb boxes— Loose Muscatel, 2-crown,
514c per lb; 3-crown, 5%c; 4-crown, 8Hc; Seed
leg? Muscatels. 4',ic; do. floatefl. 4Vic; un
bleached Sultanas, 4Vie: Thompson's Seedless.
5V-c. London Layers— 2-crown, $1 25; 3-crown.
$135; 4-crown clusters. ?2:'5-crown Deheeas, ,
$2 P0; 6-crown Imperials. $3: Malaga Loose. 2
crown, r>c per 1b; do 3-crown, 6% c: Valencia
Cured. 4'Jc; Pacific, do. 39ic: Oriental. ' do, j
2-f+c. Seeded Raisins — 16-0* packages, fancy, 1
8c per Ib: choice. 7"ic: 12-oz packages, fancy.
i>»;c;- choice. e*ic: in bulk, fancy, 7?ic; choice.
NUTS— Walnuts; No. 1 ndftshell. 13^gi4c;'
No. 2*llH6l2c; No. I hardshell. 13313'ic;
No. 2," llHtJllV-c; Almond^, lie for Nonparefls.
10!'.<i for IX U lOiJc for Ne Plus Ultra and
K?ic for LanKuedoc: Peanuts. 6® 7c for East
ern: Pecsn«. Utffl2c; Cocoanuta. $4 60^5: Cali
fornia " Chestnuts. \ &4 10c per lb, and 10311c
HONEY— Consb. 11-8 ISc for white and SJJlOc
for amber: water - white extracted.. !>fi£\ici
light amber extracted. 4'i@3c; dark, 3^a@4c.
BKESWAX— 27@-0c per lb.
FRUIT — Apricots. 7©0c for Royals and 99
lie for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples. 4S5^C;'
6un-drlod.. VAGic; I Peaches. 4i^Qti^c; Pears.
C©10c; Nectarines. 4@5%c; Figs, white, 4$4%c
in boxes; black. 4i4c: Plums, oitted, «<S9c per
pound." ' : : • . - .' 1 '—
PRUNES— 1003 crop. 2%@2%c for th» four
sites. ' ' ¦ . .
The market continues very 'quiet and of a,
holiday character.- and no Improvement; is «x
pected until after the turn of the year. 'Prices
are unchanged.
Dried Fruits-Nuts; Raisins, Honey
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid Ask.] Bid.AsV.
4s qr coup... 10»iilH>i s U» flr cp newl3S?il34?;
4s qr reg...lOO 110 ICs qr coup..lCS —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — Do 5« ....¦— 1<g
Bay CPC 5s. — 103 Do con 5s. — 104
cafsK^ =
n ?.t -S 7^ r»l Powell-st Cs.llSH —
?, e %T« -I ; - 1^ti 8 F GAR 5s. 05 101
II C't S H, — 101 a n nf C ea 11* W
Hon R T es.104 106 jg % g £"-*
L A Elae Be.iOt'.jluSU; (1000) 1071, —
L A Rr B».lll 112^! (101O) 108>» —
L. A !• Co 6s. — I S P of C 6s
Do *td 6s. — — i-Uf»05>Sr A.J02«4 —
Da Rtd le. — 104 ¦ I (lft4^)Sr B.iai^HM
LAP lem Cs.lOO — ! M9t16) ....1O4H105
MUt-st C fe.lLS — " riJ)12) ;... 114*11 t-M»
Do lem es.112 114- iSPC leu 5s.-— 119
NRR of C6«. l«V7l«ii Do »tmpd.lO«»i —
Do Ss rttlli#lU%iB P B R 6s.lSl 132X»
N P C R 6s. — 107 S V TV 6»..N»"i —
NCR &*.. — 110 Do 4s 2dm. 9S^4 — '
X C PC Ss. — 1O1 Do 43 3dm. — —
X S R R {is. 97 !£ — Stkn G*E 6s — 102ti
O a Is H-6S.1OT U G & E 5». — 106
O T Co 6b .".Il7*i —
1 WATrn STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 42" iPqrt Costa.. — —
Marin Co:.. 81 — JS V W Co-.'SS^ S9
. -GAS -AND. JELECTRIC.
Cent L &- P. 3} 8 4»2 S F G.& E. 67«i 6S
Mutual E L. » 10 S F-Gas L. . ."Ji* S^
PacC Im... 54 64?i Stkn G & E. : 5 —
Pac L Co... 55% — U G t E... — —
Sac E G&R. — —
TRUSTEES" CERTIFICATES.
6FGf E. 68' — I" ¦
INSURANCE.
Firem> Fnd320 — !
Am Ntl Blc. — ' 125 11/ P *- A .... 160 170
An«lo-Cal .. S5 91 Mer Trust. . .230 2M>
Bank of Cal. 447^4 — Merch Ex .. — — '
Car Safe Dp.117^130 S F Kationl. — —
First Nationl — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S fc L-2245 — Sav & L So. 04 101
Hum S & L. — — Sec Sav Bk.4iK) 5^0
Mutual Sav.100 105 Union T Co. — — -
S E Sav U..500 —
' - STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 2fla •• JPrealdio .:. . 3»»i 45
' * '' ¦ ' POWDER.
Giant — -~~ IVlgorit .... * 4?*
SUGAR.
Hana P Co. — SOc Kllauca S C. — 6
Hawaiian C: 44>4 45 Makaweli C. 22»i —
Honokaa S C 12«i 13V4 Onomea S C. Sf> 31
Hutch S PC &% — Paauhau S C 14 15!i
: MISCELLANEOUS.
Aluka Pack.l43*4145 Oceanic S C: 5 6
Cal Fruit Ae. »2 04 Pac A F 4'i —
Cal Wine At. 0i> 92 Pac C Borx.167 168
Mornin? Session.
-. Board — ' ¦ J ' '
85 S F Gas <fc Electric Co 67 50
$2000 Spring Valley 6 per cent bon*..10tl 0<>
• Street — ',-'
$1000 Pacific Electric Ry 5 p«r cent. .10* 30
Afternoon Session.
6 Onomea Sugar Co 30 00
Street —
1 German Savings & Lean 2245 00
California Stock and OilExchangc
Oil Stocks— Bid. Asked.
Alma 132>4. .
Apollo 40 .....
Associated Trust Cert 2<>
Aztec SO
California Standard 10
Caribou 1 Oi»
Central Point Con _Zi
Chicago Crude 19
Clarenaont 28
Espcranza 150 .....
Four «O • ....
Fulton .' 4 50
Giant 2O
Hanford 135 00 ......
Home- " 102^
Imperial 18 i»o
Independence 14 1« .
Junction 19
Kern S «>
Kern River 10 «O 13 00
Lion •• 03
Monarch of Arizona 45
Monte Cristo - 6O 70
' Occidental of XV Va 1*
I Oil City Petroleum 2tt 27
Peerless • • 14 o«
FjlUbursr 1» 20
Reed Crude (old) 3!>
S F & McKittrick 3 f*>
San Joaquln O *: D 4 00
Senator •••• *j£ ••¦•
Sovereign .; ; S« •» .
SteHips 2.1O 2 €5
Superior "" °*
Thirty-three TOO 7 50
Toitec 2*
Twenty-eight « W> * *>
I Wilt Shore 2 90
! Associated Bonds «»
, Reed Crude (new) 5 00
! Miscellaneous —
Abby Land * Improvement 1 «0
Alameda Sugar -6 00
American Biscuit
American District Tel
! Cal Gas & Electric Corp.
I California Cotton Mills
; California Jockey Club ..... -• ••
California Shipping Company 20 CO 27 00
i Cal Title Ins & Trust • •
Central Bank of Oakland ~~
Chutes Company...., • ••» .
Cypress Lawn Imp Co :L'£i
Fischer's Theater 2 124 2-5
Ga« Consumers' Assn
Hrr.tilulii Sugar
Xcrthern Cal Power
I North Shore Railroad... '-'IX
Oriheuin Company 18 CO
Pacific States Tel & Tel .....
Pa.nfhrv Paint ?<> 00
I San Franel.vo Drydock ........ .....
! Panitstv Reduction Uorks.. 135 .....
i Sausu'iito I>and & Ferry
I fipcrry Flour Company
! Stanrlar'l Electric ™ - :A
! Te«U Coa' Co -2 50
Truckee Electric
Union Sugar ,»
United Gas & Electric
Morning Ses3lon.
13) Hcnw Oil 1 °jJ
1C0 Monte Cri3to *>-
' ; ; .» P^rless Oil 15
'Virt sterling Oil 2 «
I(X)> Occidental O*.l !•
100<) Oil City Petroleum. .« 30 28
THURSDAY. Dec. 10—2 p. m.
Stock and Bond Exchange.
CHICAGO. Dec. 10.— Small holders war* in
clined to dispose of their wheat at the start
to-day under the Influence of the weakness
which developed late yesterday and the apathy
of the foreign markets. Afi a result an easier
tone prevailed *t the opening" and May was
14c lo-er to He higher" at 8HgSl«ic. The
feature of the early trading waa the pressure
to sell December and before It xras in
eufflclent quantities to Hop Its decline a loss
of over 2 cents had been registered. Com
mission house* with St. Ixmis connections
prominent sellers during 1 the opening- hour.
The weakness Jn the current month' acted as
a drag on the May option and before any con
siderable tuppsrt developed the prices of May
had declined to MMic, a loss of 1U<? from tfce
high flsure. Local longs were free, Hellers and
rua.ny stop low orders were reached on the way
down, which added Impetus to the downward
trend. Weakness in outside markets also In
creased the t-elllng pressure. Confirmation p?
reports cf rains in Argentina brought put buy
ing orders by commission housea lat« In' the
day and the market responded to the impTovc"<J
demand, much of the early loss being regained.
The close was steady, with May %§^c lower
at S0?i@80%c. ¦ ¦¦¦ ¦ ¦ ¦'
Corn was firm in spite of the slump In
wheat. May closed ax 43g43Uc.
Oats were firm. May' close<J at ItC^c
Provisions ruled higher and there wa« a bet
ter demand than had been, manifested for
some time past. May ' pork closed 12Vic
higher, lard was up 5Q7'.$c and ribs -were 7Hc
higher.
The leading futures ranjeed as follows;
Chicago Grain Market.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The marUet show*
the effect of a better demand in a rather firmer
undertone and rnoet transactions «re- reported
at outside prices. Common are reported at
4©4»ic; prim- at BigO^c; choice at 5li®6Vic;
fancy at 6?i#7c. • , _ .
PRUNES— Steady, though it in reported that
concetelonn have been made in. some instances.
Quotations range from 2 Vie to 6 Vic . for all
¦ A PRICOTS— Are in moderate demand. Choiej
are quoted at e^m\(,c: extra choice at »5*O
lOVic. ond fancy at Il®l5c. '.. ' .
PEACHES— Also are in seasonable requeet.
with rholce quoted at 'He'^c: extra choice at
"?4®S'ic and fancy at 9V4@10*ic
DRIED'FRUITS.
March. 6.e0fl7e; Ma-. 7.1i^7.25c: June, 7.25<
July. 7. 25^7. 40c: September, 7.45@7.COc; N<
rember, 7.60©7.7Cc.
SUMMARY. OF THE MARKETS.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $1 «50&
4 83. usual terms: Bakers' Extras, $4 50@4 W.
Oregon " and ¦ Washington, $3 DOg-4 »0 oer bbl
for Family and $3 »O04 40 for i3akera*.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In packages are as
follows:, Graham Flour, $3.25 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour, 4» 25: Rye Meal, *3; Rice Flour.
<t; Corn Meal. ** 25;, extra cream do, $4; Oal
Groats. $4 60: Hominy. S4€4 25; Buckwheat
Flour. 1 4 50S4 75; Cracked Wheat, ?3 75; Fa
rina; $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour,; $3 50; Rolled
Oats, toble, $7 25®S«0; in sacks, *$G 75^8 10;
Pearl Barley, *CS; Solit Peas/ boxes, $7; Green
Peas, $5 50 per lOO'lbs. V ' , '
Flour and Millstuffs.
I tin? -go through broker?, the SoutHweft cell
ing and the Northwest buying.' Long Wheat
came out liberally' on ?too. ordure. ;
¦ ; - ' The j OovernmcJit Issued -Its report.; placing
the condition of Winter Wheat December 1 at
SO.C and 2.00O.000 lesn acreage , this,, year,
nrainst 90.7; last year end a nine-year avcn>?<?
Of f>2.7 Th» area of Winter Wheai is about
82.600,000 acres, about 0 PQr cent leps than In
'¦ 1902 . :; ; -. .
; . In this market cash Wheat was firm and
futures were weak-. ¦¦ * ¦ •- -
CASH WHEAT-
California. Club, $1 40S1 42>/i: ¦ California
White Australian. $1 60@l 52>-i; Northern Club,
fl 40®l 41 hi: Northern Bluestem, Jl 30@l 51 Vi:
i Oregon Valley, $1 40.
FUTURES* '
Session 0 to 11:30 a. m.
i \ I ' Open. . H'P'h. --.Low. Close.
Mar ........ *l 34i; $1 349i $134 $134%
' 2 p. m. Session.
May— II S5H- . '¦ .
. BARLEY — Previous quotations rule, with a
quiet and featureless market
CASH BARLEY, i
Feed. $1 10*31 13 5i; Shipping and Brew
ing. $1 15@1 20; Chevalier, $1 20«l 45 for fair
to choice.
FUTURES.
Session 0 to 11:30 a. m. ,
Open.' His". ¦ Low. Close.
May ?1 07 $1 07H ' $1 0T .$1 or
. S p. m. Session.
May— $1 07.
OATS— Are quoted firm, with more of an
assortment of unites offering. Otherwise there
Is nothing new. ~ ,,, •
White ?t 'H\<t&\ "•> for California and
$1 27Vi«3) :J5 for Northern; J?!ack. Jl 40@l «5;
Red. Jl 20^1 2"« for feed and |1 SS^l o'p for
seed: Gray $1 o2',i. ' ', ..,'•'""
CORN— Small round yellow is lower at iast,
after remaining stationary! at high quotations .
for a long time. The ether descriptions ¦show ¦
no change. • • ¦ :
W estei n eacketf, ?1 25 fcr Tellow, $1 25 for
Whits and $1 20^1 2Z l A for Mixed; California
large Yellow. $1 22461 «0; small round do,
$1 40®l S'i.-'White. *I 25@I 30 per ctl.
RYE— $1 25fcl ai> per ctl. . :
BLCKWHEAT- $- 2532 CO per ctl. i
This distribution will dispose of practically all
the "assets of the -corporation and measures for
its dlsso'.ntlon will noon bo taken. Wh»n tho
old Sun Francisco Gas Company was merged
with th« Edison Light and Power Company. th«
Pan Francisco Geslirht Company was formed
with 100.000 shares of the par va'ue of V-l each
to hold and dispose of certain rca! estate that
was not turned ov»r to ¦ the combination and
each holder of the old stock received share ror
share of San Frati.Msco Gaslight stock. In
Januarv 1P01. a dividend of 33 cent* per share
was pa"ld; Septemb-r, Jt>02. T.8 cents: January.
1903. f»0 cents: June. 190K. 1 *l W>. which with
th* . dividend - of ?3 S5 j.ist declared, make *
return,, of $8 -IT per share.
GRAPES— 40«C0e for small box** and 75c@
% l~ for crates: large boxes JliQl 50.
•"• CITRUS FRUITS-^Navel Oranges, $1 23f?
2 Wpor box; Seedlings." 75efl$l; Tangerines.
$1«M 50 for half. boxes and 75cflfl-for quarter
boxes: ..^Japanese Mandarins, $1 25 per
box: Leniuns. SI'S- per box; Grape Fruit,'
$1 CO©*.! 50; Mexican Limes. %iHi 50; Bananas.
$1 -5@2 25 per bunch for Hawaiian and J2@3
for Central American;. Pineapples, J2S3 50 per
dozen. '""...
for choice and 25S50e for common; Christmas
Apples, ?1 50®2. "- • ' --•-
PEARS— Winter Nell Is.' from cold storage,
$1 TiO'SS per box: ¦-'. • "*-' ¦ . ¦ ..'• - .'¦¦-¦¦
QUINCES— 50<gCOc per box. " •
' PERSIMMONS— . r >tVS?l per box. ¦ * "
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALU FRIDAY. DECEMBER it, 1903.
V.'HEAT— The year's crop. of Great F-ritaln
is officially rrtirr.ated *t. 47. 024.00ft bushels,
ptc?.ijif( CMfi.ViO'J bushels last year. Broom
hn II cables from Liverpool that there are free
offerings of • Argentine and Australian Wheat
on that market. There was' a" heavy; rain" In
tb» Argentine 'AVednesday night.' ' , •-¦;-
. Chicago declined - again, with Armour let-
Wheat and Other. Grains.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
13
OCEAN TKAVEL.
® Steamers leave San Fran- j
Cisco as follows: :- ¦ •
For Ketchikan. Wrangcl,
Juneau. Haines, Ska^ruay,
etc. Alaska — 11 a. nr.. Dec
2. 7. 12. 17 . 22 27, Jan. 2,
Change to company's steam-
ers at Seattle.
For Victoria, Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
coma Everett, Whatcom — 11 a. m.. Dec. 2. 7.
12. 17. 22. 27. Jan. 2. Chang* at Seattls to
this company's steamers for Alaska and G. N.
Ry. ; at Seattle or Tacoma to N., P. Ry.; at
Vancouver to C. P. Railway. -
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— Pomona. 1:30
p m. Dec. 6. 12. 19.' 24, 30. Jan. 5; Corona,
1:30 p. m.. Dec. 3, 9. 15. 21. 27. Jan. 2.
For. Los Angeles (via Port Los Afigeles aed
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara— San-
ta Rosa. Sundays. 8 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro^ and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (Sa.i
Luis Oblspo) Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay. 0 a m.. Dec. 3 11. 19. 27. Jan. 4.
Bonlra 0 a. m.. Dec. 7. 15. 23. 31. Jan, 8.
- For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan Altata, La Pas. Santa Ro-
salia' Guajrmaa (Mex). 14 a. sn.. 7th or eacJi
ir.pr.th.-
For further Information obtain folder.
Right is reserved to change steaaners or sail.
ins; dates.
TICKET OPPICES — 4 New Montgom-
! ery street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street and
! Broadway wharves.
Freight office. 10 Market street.
C. D. DUNANN. General Paasenrer Ag*nt»
¦ 10 Market street. San Francisco.
O- /?. & N. CO.
••Cc'.umtia" sails Dec. 19. 29. Jan. 9, 1».
°S Feb 7 and 17. ''George W. Elder" sails
Dec. 14. 24th Jan. 3. 13. 23. Feb. 2 and t2.
Only steamship line to PORTLAND. OR.. *ni
short. rail line from Portland to all point*
East. Through tlcketc to all points, all rail
or steamship and rail, at LOWEST RATES.
Steamer tickets include berth and meal*.
Steamer sails foot of Spenr st. at 11 a. m. P.
F. BOOTH. Gen. Agt. Pass. Dent.. 1 Mont-
gomery st.; C. CLIFFORD. Gen. Agt. Freight
Dept., 3 Montgomery st. ' ¦ - .^
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP COA
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m:. for YOKOHAMA
ard HONGKONG, calling at Kob« (Hlogo>.
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India. - etc. No
cargo received on board on day of sailing.
S. S. NIPPON MARU (calling at Manila;
¦ .?.-... Wednesday. December 3a 1003
S S. AMERICA MARU ....;.-•
.Monday. January 23. 1904
S S. HONGKONG MARU ..:....
Wednesday. February 17. 1904
Via Honolulu. Round-trlD tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage apply at Com-
pany's office. 421 Market streets, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
S S VENTURA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday. Dec. 10. 2 p. m.
S S ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Dec.13. 11 a.m. .
si S. MARIFOSA. for Tahiti. Jxn. 6, 190*.
MtfiUkUU SiM JL.Rtf Is. l.tuk a
C0MFA9NIK GESB1ALS TlUH31TLA!fTWJI.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS, jm^.
Sailing every Thursday Instead of; <>&£Sgm
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. trom Pier 42. **a«BS»
North River.- foot of Morton street.
First class to Havre, $7f» and upward. See-
ond class to Havre. ?»5 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson * Building*.
New York. J. F. FUGAZI A CO.. Pacific Ccajt
Agents. 5 Montsocnery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket -Agents.
Mare Island. *afl yallejo Stesjn»rs.
Steamer Gen. FBISBIBor MONTICELLO^
9-45 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday. 0:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leare Vallejo.
7 a m.. 12:30 and 6 p. m.. ex. Sunday. San-
day. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Ftre. 50 cent*. Tet
Main 1308. Pier 2, Misslcn-st. doci. HATCH
BROS.
AOCTfON SALES
"Qnicklythe Highest Amonnt."
That is what it fiaeans to dispose of your
goods where they fcave been used. See -
ANDERSON,
The Auctioneer,
About It. Room 26, second floor of Ph«!aa
Building. Telephone Main 1?32.THE SAN FRANGISGO .CALL'. --FRIDAY. -DECEMBER n, 1903
14
THE CALL
JUEK D. SPKECKELS. Proprietor.
i£tlres£ cciimiBiceiiaits id IQBI KcSADGHT, Manager
W. J. MARTIN Business Manacer.
________
At k fcr THE CALL, The Operator Will Con.
nect You With the Department You Wish.
Publication Office Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Cts. Per Week. 75
Ct*. Per Month. 6incle Copies 6 Cents.
Tenr.s by Mail. Including Postage (Cash With
Order) : -.
CAILT CALL (lnclud. Sunday). 1 Tear.... $5.00
DAILY CALL (lnclud. Sunday). 6 tnos 4.C0
DAILY CALL— By Single Month •«*
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Year rj*
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year U'-'i- 1 , .
rnRlr , rv , Daily... $8. SO Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZEL
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
£«ir.pU Copies will be forwarded when re-
quested.
Mail rubscrtbers In ordering change e***l
«re*s rhould be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS In order to Insure a
prompt and correct compliance with their re-
«U«fl.
OAKLAND OFFICE.
I11S Broadway Telepho'ae Main 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE. .. . fc _-
«4S Center Street Telephone North 77
— 'A6HINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
MORTON E. CRANE 1406 G Street. N. W.
NEW .YORK NEWS 6TANDS:
Walocrf-Aetoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 31
felon Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Flfth-ave-
r.ue Hotel aad Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
fihertnan House: P. O. News Co.: pj** 1
Northern Hotel: Tremont House; Auditorium
Hctel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE :
C. GEORGE KROGNESS...MarQuette BoMUn*'
(Lccg Dieunce Telephone. "Central 2619. )
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
JCEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Stjuarei
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner Market and Third streets: open
uctil 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
IOCS Market street; open until 11 p. m.
C27 Montgomery street, corner Clay: ©pea un-
til 0:30 p. ro.
300 Hayes street; open until 0:30 p. tn -
«39 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m .
1041 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
»:i5 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m .
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open un-
til 0 t>. ra.
;p« Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m.
!f-3<S Valencia street: open until ft p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets:
open until 9 r. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets: open until 9 p. m.
CHCRCII XBnVICRS. ¦
KV 4NGELISTS McCLURE from Ireland and
Blair from Aurtralia will hold special meet-
ings every ever.ine this week at 7:45 at
Gospel Hall. 303C Sixteenth et.. near Valen-
cia. Everybody cordially Invited. No col-
iectlcns.
MEETINGS — TnEOSOPHICAL.
Peer Egyptian. Hlndco occult; reads daily: c!r-
cles Wed..Frl..Sun.. 8 p.m.; 10c. 640 Ellis St.
MEETING ;VOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Com—^"I*-" No. 1. K. «¦>—
T.— Regular a"emb!y THIS EVEN- gT
ING at 7:30 o'clock. Order cf Temple, fej
Al! frater* courteously invited.
THOMAS H. BROWN. Commander.
T. L. HEXDERKOX. Recorder.
FACIFIC Lodge No. 13G. F. and A. M., O
M**>onlc Terrple. meets THIS EVEX-Vy
ING at 7 oViock. First degree. />r\
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Sec.
SPnRANZA ITALIAN A Lodge. No. « !
219. F. and A. M.— Third degree THISVY I
(FRIDAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. A*\ I
G. SCALMANIXI. Secretary. j
PAST Grands' Aesoclation, I. O. tfgatKv
O. F. — Member* please &ucr.tl.-£*AHSg?i?'-r.
meeting TO-NIGHT in Odd f-r'.r^c^rV^f
Iov.-e* building. Election of of- '^*2 l fcJ©^' j
fieers end other important buf ine«=s.
J. N. YOUNG. Presldect.
FAX TRAXCISCO Tent No.
'v IC. O. T. 1! — Rovlew AV<l_i-_v\
t;::.~ grp.iDAy) even- H2S ,At?Si
ING. at H o'clock. Pioneer B^J 3* WJl
Ha!U 24 Fourth rt. «JjS7 /JTjNv^I
D. E. RICHARDS. \2&Z--i#¥ffl
Record Keeper. v yJN^jjffiy
ASTROLOGV.
PROF. WILSON, the noted scientific astrolo-
ger. vivid horoscope readings; also private '
lt*eons; call and convince yourself. 109 Lex-
ington ave., near ISth and Valencia sts.
ATTOR.Mil S-AT-LAW.
— ~_ ~™~_~_ ._™_
ATTORNEY AND COUNSELOR AT LAW. !
Advice free. Phone South 743. j
Suite 222, Emma Spreckels building. ;
divorces quietly and legally obtained for
eigbt causes: dam&ges secured for injuries to i
ttr»r>n or estate; replevins for property un-
lawfully detained; attachments and garnish-
ments tor debts; bonds furnished: bankruptcy
procfredlag*; wills probated; estates settled;
collections marte in all of the U. S.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for a Mr. all fee.
Bee me and rave money; no pay in advance.
G. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
Established 22 yrs. ; rms. 1. 2. 3, 4 & 5. lit fl.
1122 Market Ft., between Mason and Taylor
Advice free, all matters. Detective* employed!
K W. KING. Attorney-at-Law. Exam bldg.
Cta .floor, entrance room 611; established 20
years; all cases; general court and office
practice; no fee in advance or for consulta-
tion; evenlDgs by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
, ADVICE free — I will advance cost in meritori-
ous caces. divorces, probate and all other law
esses: no fees in advance; open every even-
icg. J. M. THURSTON. S19 Market St.. r. 31.
ADVICE FREE.
Columbian Law and Collection Agency,
Room *5. 916 Market rt.; tel. John C226.
DIVORCE costs $12; quick and quiet: open
e-veningg. Examiner building, room 315.
DIVORCE costs $12; open evening*: tenants
ejected. $5. 016 Market. r.€2;pbone Black esi.
DIVORCE— Costs, $12; quick, quiet; advice
free: open evenings. 927 Market *t.. r. 301.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bid?.. 027 Mar-
ket rt. ; consultation free: no fees la advance,
AI5VICE free; no charge unless successful; all
!«¦«• bUBln—s. W. W Davidson. 027 Market.
• BCSIXESS CIIAACES. ~
6TRANGERE. ATTENTION!^ ™~
An you looking for a safe and profitable busi.
n—s opening in 6an Francisco? If so, we can
offer you any number requiring an Investment
from $100 lo $50,000; every business oppor-
tunity that panes through our office must
ct«nd th« desert investigation, and we can
place j-ou In a store, factory, hotel, mill, of-
flce. or, ia fact, any busin--Fs you may prefer;
kindly call and Investigate.
GERMAXIA INVESTMENT CO.,
Eult 321. Emma Spreckels building.
A— MERCHANTS. ATTENTION." ¦
Do you wish to enlarge your business, er do
jou desire additional capital? If so. we can
furnish you with an active or silent partner
who will invest from $100 to $50,000; we
iheve a large number of desirable applicants
ca our book* seeking good business openiacs.
GERM AM A INVESTMENT CO..
Suit S21. Emma Spreckels building.
KOIl «a.le or to lease for term of years; well-
kaown established health resort in Lake Co..
•r.clnillrtg SO furnUbed rooms, barn, several
valuable mineral springs, plenty fresh water;
»<rcperty is S minute*' walk from Bartlett
s-prlngs Hotel. Call at I1C0 McAllister to
i«e« owner, or addre— , with references, MRS
HOPPIN. Bartlett Mprlngs. Cal.
_ A Rare Opportunity.,
P<^5 ."".'i*— ° n * of . thr larg«t. best k^aTed
hriek llwry «Ubln; long lease at moderate
rent: do.n* large bxwineBis paying nice month-
:y profit: is In good rhape and attractive tta-
?>!e t>jx>pcrltlon: prlncii«lK only. Apply Scott
& Wagner, hay merchant*. C15 Sixth et.
I DESIRE to men parties of tome means with
vlow of incorporating commercial company
export trade: have means to Invest mywlf
big proposlUoa. X Y Z. box 4SC8. Call office.'
A-WORKIKGMA-VS boardinir-hou*«: good lo-
cation: low rent; steady boarder*: no acenta
Boat 2KB. Call office.
• NOTIONS,- candy, light groceries; cheap rent;
four fine living room*. 1300 Sanchez «t; take
Caetro-st- <"ar. comer of Twenty-sixth st.
DELICATESSEN *tr.r*> xrlth home boarders
nno three llvlns: roomr: rent $20; must be
»oM. Call <10 Ninth st.
PARTNER in- good-payln«- fwitcher «hop and
rruit store. Golden Gal* Real Estate, 3 Tay-
!or_r. ¦'_ __-_
FX)R *•«!• — A ma ami bicycle I'.cuse; good lo-
vmxSqh «nd bu»lne«B i eood rrnron for ecllfas:.
Tcr terme «pply 423 J rt.. Facraraento. CaJ.
FARTVniT wanted with $100 in dd *» taUlihed
<^Pif fcurineti. J)t? Geary rt.
CLAJRyoyAyT»--«Coii«lBingd.
MME. M. BERNARD." THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St., next Examiner
bldg.; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings ¦ and portrays events to
occur in the future; if you are in trouble,
discontented or not satisfied with life, or have,
domestic, love or business troubles, consult
great medium and you will be told how
to overcome them; valuable advice In all af-
fairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction guaran-
teed; readings by mall. Tel. Blck 4569.
A '• LIVORNO,
The World-Renowned Palmist
i : '.' ' ¦' And Crystal Gazer.
84 Kearny fit; over Hammersmith & Field's:
j see portrait of Mme. Livorno and original
testimonials from distinguished people at en-
trance; 3 questions by mall, $1. Send month
and year of birth. ¦¦¦.'¦
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and,
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
st., cor. Turk; private readings dally, 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m. : readings by mall as satisfac-
tory as In person; 8 questions answered, $1;
full life, $5; send lock of hair, date and year
cf birth; don't send currency. Send postofflce,
Well6-Fargo money order or registered letter.
MRS. A. II. KRONENBERG, palmist, clalr-
voyant. card reader: when others fall try me;
good reading 10c. 721 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, ¦ card reader, re-
moved from 132 6th to 23% 6th: la. 25c, g. 50c.
MISS ZEMDAR. young gifted clair. and palm.;
names: L. 50c;O.$l. 714 Franklln.nr.O.G.ave.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
20% Kearny, room 20; ladies 25c, gents 50c
MRS. SHAFER, clairvoyant, card reader; sit-
tings dally; 448% Jessie St.. bet 5th and 6th.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In tha
TInitPd States or Canada one year for $1.
CARPET HE ATIX G AKD CLKABf IBTG.
AIR compressed, dry, ice cold, is now | univer-
sally used In sanitary cleaning carpets, on
• floor, without removal or Injury; prices,niod-
, '. erate. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call bid.: phone Main 0237.
WHEN you become disgusted with .your, work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 355-357 Tehama st. : tel. South 40.
TRY Hopke Bros. ; : ca rpet beating : I mattresses
made over.- 1432. Howard; tel. South; 216. .
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works, 1809 Har-
rison rt.: Al cleaning; 3c; tel.. Mission 228.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J. McQueen,
proprietor. 329 Guerrero ' st , tel. ¦ Mission ' 49.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. QEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDpLPH & CO.; carpet-beating works; prices
:. reasonable. 1703 Harrison st.: tel. Mission 2K3.
CONKLTN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
- -TV. Golden Ciata nv. •¦t»1>nfron» Eftst 126.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for^$l: collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 0-10: tel. 55S0.
CKEDIT CIiOTHIEXS.
C. F. ADAMS CO. .•-•: ¦'¦¦"' •-.-¦ ¦(
SPECIAL CREDIT STORE. -<>•
i We clcthe the - whole famll/ < from hats to
- rhoes; everything- up-to date at cash prices.
Credit tor all.. -318. Mascn »t. , .
BUY your ' milts and = overcoats at LICHTEN-
ETEIN BROS.'. 25 Stockton et.. on small
; weekly payments; goods delivered- on. first
- Payment. ,-¦'.; »¦. ¦ . ¦. ' \ ; ' .-. '• -. ¦:i-'-l'.-...<
\. ¦. . ,.'; .--;" CTTBES ItPi*'X'U~X. •
'WHO!' DOES * IT? / HUNTER. " 1-06 , Market at'
- Send. for circular.. Why will you nutter T"
IUJSIXESS CHAJVCES---ContlHiied.
nV g7"^v?1LKE. Real Eetate and Business
Agent < established 14 years). 28 hi K«amy
ft., rooms 0 and 10.
A $1600 COFFEE ealoon and restanrant on
the water front, dose to Market Et. : dally
receipts about $65: business clearing $300 per
month: trial given: a splendid offer: investi-
gate it onee. See K. G. WILKE. 264*
Kearny et^ ~
A— $3500; HOTEL and barroom with 30 rooms.
la Point Richmond; rent $100; rooms always
occvp'ed by employes of railroad and Stand-
ard Oil Company; board bill guaranteed by
company: owner never clears less than $300
per month. Call K. G. WILKE. 26H
Kearny Et.
A — $9O0; SALOON on water front, with 8 fur- j
Rlshed rooms; 3 Iron bedsteads in each room;
2Vi years' lease; rent $45; rooms alone pay
170 per month and ealoon doing a good busl-
ceas. See R. G. WILKE. 20% Kearny st.
A— $350; EMPLOYMENT office, doing a good
business; must be sold at once on account
of sickneK in owner's family. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26V4 Kearny st.
A— JlfcOO; HALF interest In one of the best
corner saloons on water front; lease; dis-
agreement of Partners cause . of sale; will
sell whole for $3400. Call R. O. WILKE.
26% Kearny et.
A— $1250; CORNER saloon on Fourth St., close
to 8. P. freiEht sheds; 8 furnished rooms
«nd kitchen; a cood paying business. Sea
R. d. WILKE. 28 % Kearny st.
A— $S00; DAIRY produce and delicatessen
•tore; rent $22; business clears above $100
per month: living rooms; value In sight.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny «f
A— $2000; SALOON on Kearny St.. about 2
blocks from Chronicle building: place estab-
lished years and doing a good business: or
ooe sartner will sell his Interest for $1000;
disagreement cause of sale. See R. G.
WILKE. 26 >4 Kearny et. • : ':-;
A— $1200; COFFEE saloon and bakery; close to
Phelan building; a good paying business,
but mutt be racriflced on account of owner
being sick In hospital. Particulars R. G.
WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A— $3260; LEADING saloon on Market and
Mason sts.; Bet rent $150; lease with Priv-
ilege of B years more; value In sight. Call
R. O. WILKE. 26% Kearny st. __
I— $6W;"c7gar "stand on Montgomery st.; a
S 1700 cigar etand on Ellis st.: stock at In-
voice: a $200 cigar stand on Third St.; stock
•t Invoice; a $400 cigar stand on Eddy St.,
rtock at Invoice- Call R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny «t. .
A— $1280- COFFEE saloon on Geary St.: rent
t!5. R. O. WILKB. 26% Kearny st.
A WHOLESALE and retail butcher business
In Monterey County, with 6 acres of land,
dwelling bouse, rlaughter house, shop fix-
tures, bciler tanks, etc.; 8 horses, wagons
and a well established trade; this is a first-
class business proposition. All particulars,
R. G. WILKE. 2C«4 Kearny st.
A $3500 corner saloon, about 1 block south
of Chronicle bldg. : established years and a
firet-clasa paying place; fullest investigation
solicited: this Is a very rare chance. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st. -
$760 BUYS fancy goods and picture store; old
f* ;ab!lFh«-d. doinft business of $4000 a year:
big bargain. See MURRAY & CO.. 972
Broadway, Oakland.
WANTED — Steady young man with $350,
partner; will establish good business; $30 a
week and over guaranteed: rare chance.
MURRAY & CO.. 972 Broadway, Oakland.
HAVE you anything to sell or money to Invest?
Write us for particulars; agents everywhere.
Altadeaa Investment Syndicate. 708 Market I
6t., San I^anclsco. Cal.
$135— CIG>U stand for sale; 953 Howard: too j
clc«? ir.nflnement the cause; rent $10 month, i
SALOON and grocery for sale: cor. of Fifteenth !
ave. and Q Bt. South; established 14 years. j
WANTED— Drug store in country town; not
over S3CC0. 1021 Haste El. Berkeley.
GROCERY and bar for sale; price $1500. 124
Davis st. j
BIRDS, DOGS. ETC.
WARBLING canaries, talking parrots; all j
kinds of 6ons and fancy birds; goldfish, seed •
cagee. etc. Give us a trial; we will please i
you. 1546 Market st. ',
i BOARDING FOR CHILDREV^ :
i WANTED— To care for a child by a com-
! petent woman: ha« own home. 1714 I et., :
\ bet. 18th and lflth aves.. Sunset district. !
LODGlXO-HOWKa i'OIi. SALE.
_ MARION GRIFFIN^
[MARION GRIFKIK. MARION GRIFFIN.]
[MARION GRIFFIN.]
[MARION GKIFFIN. MAKION GRIFFIN.]
[Room 400. Examiner Bids.] j
Phone Black 3007. Take elevator to 4th floor, i
20 ROOMS. !
Big flat: near Market; $C50j 2-year-Ieas*;
electric liehts ; good looking ho|se; rent $40, j
full of roomers. " 2
APARTMENT HOUSE. j
Bargain ; flrrt-ciaps. fireproof, modern house j
of 177 roorr.s»: new buildinz; eleeantly fur- ¦
nished; low rent; leaw: clears $600 per month.
$1000. j
30 rooms in apartments ; banrain at $2000; |
| wi'.l sell for $16W: owner must have change of j
: climate; income $150: rent ?W; easy terms. j
! [100- ROOM HOTEL.]
Handsome corner hous»: private baths: splen- t
did furniture; 5-year leas?; modern in every
department; electric elevator; heart trouble. '
I [CLEARED $.{07 IN NOVEMBER.]
I 53-room corner rooming-house; accounts are
k*pt; nice, reraectable; applicants waiting.
t [21 ROOMS— CLEARS $175.] i
j High-class house; downtown: furnished 3
I months ago with the best of everything.
I {30 ROOMS— $16U0.]
Sunlit apartments; rent $00; corner; owner
must change climate; terms, one-third down.
[ELKGANT HOUSE.]
20 rooms on Go'.den Gate ave.: houee built
on» year aro; elepantly furnished in mahogany
and oak; fine Brursels carpets; Income $111
over rent; other important causes eale.
[K3-ROOM HOTEL.)
Murt be sold; reduced from $8000 to $6500;
fine bar.
SPLENDID, quiet, eminently respectable little
house; near theater*, restaurants and the re-
tail shopping district; 5 minutes' walk to
Kearny st.; clears $»55; clean, complete, com-
fortable; an honest bargain; cold on account
of departure. MARION GRIFFIN, 408 Ex-
aminer building.
A. CAMERON & CO., Phone 1050.
3 Eddy «t.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for rcoming-bouses, ! hotels and
all kinds of business chances.
23 r. : near Market: lease: $600 down., $2250
€0 r. ; rent $300: Market; clears $300 mo. 3000
7 r. ; Van Nese; rent $22 50; home 225
20 r. ; new. mod., elegantly furnished.. 2500
11 r. ; rent $00: new; fine fur.; clears $47 850
9 r. ; Ellis; rent $35; fine home; snap.. 550
tfS r. ; cheap rent; clears $300 to $400. 8500
30 r.; rent $95; good jur.; clears $100. 2000
12 r.; rent $40; close in; well fur. .. 600
8 r. : up. flat: e\-erythlng mod.; departure 750
3 r.; rent $20; cor. flat; Leav.; enap.... 225
20 r.; new house; furniture: clears $80 250<i
8 r. : rents $50; modern; finely furn 600
22 r. ; rent $S0: lease; e'ears $100 1700
11 r.: Eddy:rent $3O;weIirur.;clears $38 750
34 r. ; fine: downtown; makes big money 3200
J* r.; rent $12; modern flat; elegant fur.. 400
1* r. ; rent $75; oak fur.; good carpets. 900
12 r. : close in: well fur.; bargain 1100
. IS r. ; fine corner; new and elegantly fur 2400
17 r. ; downtown: always full; clears $115 1600
8 r. : duo in; volclen oak; mcquet car-
pets, hair rr-attrerses; cost J1G00; inc.
$G8; snay 800
7 r. ; rent ?40; middle flat: oak fur.... 350
21 r. ;rent'$85:well fur.;lea»a;clears 5100 17(Xl
14 r.; cheap r»nt; good fur.; nnap.1 000
11 r. ; rent $40; newly renov.; clear $13 500
17 r.: central; Post; part cash.... 11 (m>
44 r. : rent $44 ; big money-maker 3000
25 r. ; rent $70: oak fur.; leaving city.. 1350
CO r. : new. mod. building; elegantly fur.:
central; long lease; must be *old; offer . .
wante J
10 r. : mod. fiat; elegant fur. :clears $34;
cost $2200: will sacrifice; must leave
• city
Or.: flat; rent $40; mod.;clears $15; de-
parture 450
HEADQUARTERS FOR LODgTnG~HOUSES.
C. K. HINKLEY.
J020 MARKET ST., OPP. FIFTH.
PHONE MINT 796. j
Carriages for Customer*. . I
CLEAR TITLES GUARANTEED. j
PUYKK AND SELLER PROTECTED. . (
13 rooir.e; Mission «.; rent $50. :'$550l
29 roomr; rent $53; snap 1200
12 rooms; north of Market: rent $40,... COO I
11 room*: Eddy st. : rent J50 C.00 j
W» rooms: transient; licuor license 2700
H rooms; I'ost et.: nnt $32: only 25u
!• room?: gutter at.; 3 unfurnished..... :iZO
GRAND CORNER. 100 rooms, first floor,
r-ffiw; lecse; low rent; clears $500 monthly; |
»»ome country transient. See this first-class I
jTopcBltion. HINKLEY, 1020 Market st. !
i 20 ROOMS; new; rent only $90; 3 years' lease";
clears $100: irood carpets; oak furniture;
every room sunny; large yard. HINKLEY.
MOl>EHN apartment-house: 44 rooms; rent
*24O; guaranteed to clear $2CO: 3 and 4 room
apartments; elegantly furnished. See my
: ¦grot. C. K.- HINKLEY. '
120 ROOMS: rent Urn than $5 a room; up to !
date in every respect; finely furnished; books
ej>en; clear* *35O to $4f«» monthly; $0000;
pan caeb. HINKLEY. 1020 Market at.
WORKINGMEN'S houieT~2O rooms; one~floor: '
Hfctrlc tight*: rent $40; amazingly low price, ;
$C50. HINKLEY. 1020 Market st.. opp. 5th.
A— $3000: PRIVATE~boardlng-house. with 40
- elegantly furnished rooms, on Van Ness ave.:.
rcoras always occupied and first-class patroa-
age. See R. G. WILKE. 20%. Kearny sL
£C nOOMri: • $:i$O0; rent $2 CO per : room: . new
bldg.s r*w carpets; good • furniture; sunny
rooms; $1200 cash. 0 Eddy st..* room 100. j
LODGIXG HOUSEVJ^R^^ALEj--Con.
hTcTdecker^ "~ ""*""""*" ~ . ¦ „„
H. C. DECKER. Phone John 031.
H. C. DECKER,
»08 MARKET ST. 006 MARKET ST.
OVER 27 YEARS SELLING HOUSES IN
SAN FRANC/TSCO.
JUST A FEW SPECIAL BARGAINS.
20 rooms; north of Market 't $1400
ONLY $000 CASH J EQUIRED.
8 rooms; Hyde and McAllif'er sts $500
25 rooms; one floor; rent $7(? $1550
21 rooms; electric lighted; rtnt $50 ....-....$850
ONLY $350 CASH REQUIRED.
22-ROOM HOUSE NEAlI POWELL AND
O'FARREIiL.
LARGE TRANSIENT TRADE.
ROOMS ALL LICjHT AND
SUNNY; CLEARS $150 .< ....$2500
32-ROOM HOUSE ON 2 PROMINENT STS.;
CLEARS OVER $300 PEU MONTH $3000
r»7-room house; near Palace $2000
40-room house; near Mission and Second.. $1000 <
31-room house; grand .barpaJn .$1500
36-room boarding- houaq; clears $300 ..S450O
Hotel and bar; 00 rooms $6000
6 rooms; must sell; only . .' ......$100
7 rooms; a snap $75
12 rooms; Pine and Hyde sts.; a beauty.. $650
17 rooms; O'Farrell at.; eee it .-Trr..$800
20 rooms; north Market St.; rent $60. ...$1150
11 rooms; rent only $35 $550
12 rooms; Mason Bt. ; snap .$450
22 rooms; rent $50; money-maker ...... .$1500
lOO-room corner house 1.... .'.$7500
ICO-room apartment house ...$13,000
110-ROOM HOTEL J12.000
6 rooms and bath; upper flat ....$525
00- ROOM HOUSK: MUST SELL; SMALL
A T M WNT CASH; EAS\ PAYMENTS:
*ir^SJ < l CLEAn ?2S0 PER MONTH.$3500
$100,000 TO LOAN O>. FURNITURE!
H. C. PECKK- i . 906 Market st.
DECKER WILL SELL Y' '17 A ~~~-
DECKER WILL SELL 4ifT CASH '
DECKER WlL^Ll^fe PA !*™»-
TO BUY, SELL '^^^^S^^.
.- DECKER.' 000 MARKEtJ BT^^or 3^ Stockton!
FOIt SALE— A BOARD1N(£.HOi;se- MEDIUM
'•. ''.''/'' . SPIRITMAIftSM. '. ~
PROF. Fred P. Evans. noU-(i psychic for stated
1 r^? nd c la lrvoyance:> stamp for circular,
j 1112 I-ddy et.. nr. Octav'.u: phone Scott 887.
| ETHEL CR1NDLE, materialising seance Fri-
( day cvg.. 50c. 328 Ellis tt.,.8 o'clock.
Seer Egyptian, Hindoo occult; reads dally clr
j; cles Wed..Frl.,Sun.. S p.m.; 10c. B-iO Ellis Bt.
EDWARD EARLE. 1062 Ellis, rendlncs dally.
8:30 to 4: eeance* Sunday and Thursday, v
CLAIRVOYAXTS. ™
j A— PAUL DESTINE, ~~
j The First Registered Trar^t Claln-oyant and
| PalmUt 1^-er in Sii 1 ; Francisco
Read Carefully. Aa He test Proposition.
Nj Charge. ¦ No Charge
Unless you obtain the irJ •srmation for which
you consult <ne.
I do hereby solemnly bkt^ and guarantee to
make no charge If I fail to yell your name, oc-
j cupatlon and what you calljM for; I promise to
| tell you if husband, . wife o'i sweetheart. is. truo
• or false; tell who and wheijyou will marry; in
fact.- I will tell every ' hop<4,' f<"ar or' ambition
better than you can tell yourself ; I reunite the
- separated.- restore lost affe<3 Ions, cause speedy
•and happy marriage, , give Vou (rood luck re.
- store lost energy; 10 a. ro. sh S p. m. ; Sun.* 2-6 !
320 O'Farr ell St.: low fee tl»s week— $l; $1* $1; :
MMK.-VEINA, wonderful, Jrance medium and
card reader: Just returned from, lens ab-
eence. - 4(H1 Gecry, • nsar^iMaRon. room 1.-
A — Mice. Ravenna reads !(!>,: business advice;'
names given: 2tc up. 6 4th st.V near Market. -
MME. MARCeXtTT^ card' s-'ea*d«T:".Udlf s'-^ 20c;
j Jjente. 50c; hours, 1 lo 9 ' 5-13 i:inna"st.
DENTISTS.
D^r^HUSs7^oT^6^an«Kn"l)ldgT^M7irket
and McAllister eta., uses the Basford Obtun-
der, the only device ever Invented for grind-
Ing, drilling and excavating teeth absolutely
without pain. For demonstration and proof
i call at office. • - /
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market. nr.Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plate* ars
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 60c; gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break:
warranted 20 yrs: crown. $3 SO; fillings. 50c:
plates, $6; full set: all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
A. ARTHUR CHISHOLM. eurgeon dentist,
room 14. Phelan building. San Francisco.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Set teeth $1 BX) up; crowns $2 up; fillings 25c.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver. 35c; crowns. $2; no
pain: open Sunday. Pr.O.B.HewUt.204 Sutter.
DRESSMAKERS AKD SEAMSTRESSES
ACCORDION, sunburst & knlfo plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
MoDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery 8chool—
.--• Patterns cnt to measure :e.ve. class. 101» Mrfct.
' '* BPUCATIOXAJU. ' _-_
_BALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24~pbsT, 57
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches; day
and night sessions: illustrated catalogue free.
AYRES, the leading business college. 723 Ma r-
ket St.; special summer course In all depart-
ments: handsome catalogue free: life scholar-
ship, $50; day and evenlOK sessions.
CALIFORNIA Business Collage", 305 Larkin st.
"A thorough school" ;• positions secured for
graduates; modern methods; individual in-
. structlon. Write for illustrated catalogue.
HINMAN'S Academyr a thorough school ot
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk St..
between Pine and California; both adult and
children's classes are now open for the season.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
¦for .the university, lay and medical colleges;
rof.,' President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor; day and eveninz cessions. • Phelan btdg.
THE PAUL GERSON School of" Acting, tha
foremost institution of the kind in tha wntlre
I Wetst: 12 teachers: 'send for catalogue. .%»•
lire; Sons', bids.. 414 Mason st.
A— SAN- FRANCISCO Business College. 123«
Market «t. — Practical, progressive, reliable;
day and evc-nlng sessions: write for catalogue.
R.; DELIXESTRI,", 701 Stockton St., gives les-
, Ions in : wocd-carvlng (figure . and . ornament)
to any lady cr gentleman at her or his home.
: ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, min.. mech.. tur-
vey, assay, cyanide: day, ev. ; est. I8U4. -Van
. der XallUn School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electrtcity,24 Post
St., S.F.:; a practical school of engineering:
, complete eouimnent. Special catalogue »re«.
DANCING • Tuesday. Thursday, Saturday. Sun-
day-, evgs..Teutonia, Hall. Howard St.. nr.
Uth. ' Prof. . Foster: society dancing taught.
EUGENE DE FOREST SCHOOL OF ACTlNli.
Saratoga Hall. 840. Geary et.: call " \a 0.
SCHOOL OF. 1 ILLUSTRATION .\ ..... .Day and
-PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine St.... Night claaa.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing.'
etc.: day or eve.; $3 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. t»tn.
. ':. EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.""
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post «t7Tliel7TBu*h~!33"^
: Japanese-Chlnese-,,employment -^office; : fur-'
. niphes ; best help; contracts for farm help, etc. ¦
A— ORPHEUM Employment' Office— Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell. Tel Main 57B2-.
A— GRAND 'Japanese-Chinese Emp.? Office.- 413
¦-..¦Stockton: -tel. '.Grant 168: expert, reliable help."
RKLI A BLE Ja pa nese-Ch lnese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds belp. 315 Stockton; MaluSlSS.
j EJIPLOYMEST OFFICES— -Contlnned
I JAPANESE Henry Housecleanlng Co. TeL
I James 1US1. 2C0H Brannan st.
I CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
Leon Seung's. 411 O'Farrell: tel. East 42H.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 year*.
Tel. Main 1907. BRADLEY * CO.. 640 Clay.
E3IPLOY3IEXT \VAK TEP^-FE^l ALE.
A GERMAN second girl, good waitress and
seamstrtrs; references. MRS. NORTON, 312
Sutter at.
A RESPECTABLE middle-aged woman would
like position as working housekeeper; city or
country. 226^ Birch ave., between Grove
and Fulton sts.
i MIDDLE-AGED refined widow wishes .o re—
I from 1 to e p. ra .; compensate for room and
| " board. Box 4S48. Call office.
A TRUSTWORTHY woman will go and cook
for workingmen; city, or country. 6«0 How-
ard st.» room 8. :
A' YOUNG woman, srood reference, for wash-
ing. Ironing, sweeping for Tuesday, Wednes-
day: $1 60 day. Call 669 Elllynear Larkin.
COMPETENT nuree would like a few more pa-
tients or care of Invalid. 517 Ninth st., Oak-
land.
WANTED — By woman, position to do house-
work; good reference. 310 Minna st.
A WOMAN wishes a situation, housework, as-
slst In kitchen; wages $15. Box 4S56. Call.
BY expert, fitting In cloak and suit (8:30 or »
o'clock) house, or assistant fitter or cutter, or
. preparing work for first-class private dress- I
maker. Eox S782. Call office.
ARTISTIC dressmaker is open for engagement
as forelady: no objection to San Jose or
neighboring towns. MADAME DORE. box
8717. Call.
A GOOD German cook wishes a situation, light
housework in a small family. 477 Jessie St..
near Sixth.
POSITION as ladles' nurse or companion by
intelligent experienced middle-aged woman.
Box 3155. Call. r _
GOOD German qook wants situation in pri-
vate family: wages $30. 234 Minna St.. bet.
Third and Fourth. _
SITUATION wanted by rapid Remington op-
erator; 5 years' Insurance and other expe-
rience. Box 3741, Call.
MIDDLE-AGED woman would like washing,
ironing or house ckanlrur to do: $1 60 day;
good work done. -Box 3161. Call.
WOMAN wishes work by day; $1 SO and car
fare. 118^ Wildey ave.
FIRST-CLASS German cook wishes situation.
5.19 Stockton «t.
ADVERTISEMENTS, gubscrlptloas received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan tt Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1C90
Valencia st.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTEP— MALE.^
ENGINEER — Stationary steam engineer, also
is an electrician; am strictly temperate; have
, had charge of an electric light stationary
plant for the past two years; have also had
experience with gas engines and in machine
shop and am In position to do general repilr-
lng; have all tools; am a married man 37
years old and with good habits; desire a po-
sition in city or country. Box 4S47 Call.
A HANDY man would like a situation around
a private residence: used to care of horses;
city or country; more for a home than wages.
P. B.. 6S Hermann st.
ACCOUNTANT would keep books for small
concern during leisure hours. Address box
4857, Call office. ;
YOl'NG man experienced !n butcher business
would like pooltlon to drive wagon or in
shop, city or country. Box 4843 Call office. I
I AN ex-cnvalryman wants work of any kind; j
j prefers as helper for an electrician or watch-
man. Box 4S51 Call office. I
BAKBKR, young man who has some experi-
ence, wishes a situation in a shop to learn
the trade thoroughly. Box 4S5j. Call.
I WANTED — Situation aa superinUdent or
i drafts-man with an architect or contractor;
• Chicago experience. Bex 4S53. Call.
I I WILL pay $10 for any Inside work for the
i winter which will nay me not less than »2
) per oay. Address box 3153. Call.
| HANDY man familiar with gasoline steam en-
I glne. care of horses, etc. Box 3158. Call.
AN energetic man. with knowledge of four
languages— English. Spanish, lrench and
Italian — desires a position with some busi-
ness firm or corporation: to foreign country i
preferred — Central America. Cuba or Phil-
' lpplne Islands. Box 3743. Call.
' COACHMAN wants position: thorough wlta
i horses, carriages, etc.: careful driver; sin-
I gle, middle-ased: city or country; belt ref-
erences; understands gardening. Address
G. R., box 3729, Call office.
COACHMAN with lonz experience In any kino
of work around horse;, with a son 15
years old and i>mart for horses, also a strong
and healthy woman for housework. Box
37S3. Call.
PRACTICAL planing mill man wishes pcsl-
tlon as assistant foreman in largir mill:
held place as manager of small mill « years;
1 salary not principal object- Address F. K.
\ HOFFMAN. 3333 Twenty-sixth «t.
BARBER d-sires a position fcr evenings and
• Saturday (Sunday). 1410 Larkin st.. near
I California. Call before 0 a. m.. between 3
j and 4:30 and afttr 8:30 p. m.. except Sunday.
POSITION wanted — A reliable married man;
understands care cf horses, carriages and
• harness and can milk; wife good cook and
laundress; reference. S. D.. 77 Ninth st.
WANTED — By man and wife. Janitor or *ny
place of trust: man gocd gardener; wife »«n-
eral work and cooking; excellent references.
Box S77, Call offlc. San Franciaco.
SITUATION wanted by an energetic young
man, capable of handling mining proposi-
tions, placer or quartz: no objections to go
Ing to Mexico. Address box U113, Call.
STEADY, eoter man. 25, Just from back East.
Canada, wifhfs to work in a creamery to
learn butter-maklng. Box 4843, Call.
EXPERIENCED Janitor wishes position: no
children: understands engine and boilers.
Box 3160. Call office.
WANTED— Situation In San Francisco whole-
sale grocery house by young man with Puget
Sound references. Addrea* box 3745, Call.
WANTED — By an experienced young .colored
- man, a pesition as porter or Janitor; best of
reference. Box 3747. Call.
ENERGETIC young man desires position with
wholesale firm or corporation; moderate sal-
ary to start. Address LINDON, 415 Mason.
WANTED — Pcsitlcn by a registered pharma-
cist. Box 3170. Call.
GOOD cook, alfo pastry cook, wants position.
Box 3742. Call.
FOREMAN on i ranch and also a good black-
smith wants a position. Box 3719. Call.
HONEST Japanese boy wants a place as school
boy; speaks English: understands house-
work. I. HASHIMOTO. S07 Polk St.. Japan-
ese Mission.
A JAPANESE high school student wants a
position as school t>oy. plain cook or waiter;
$2 week. SAKA. 807 Polk »t.
JANANESE with reconimcndatiou wishes no-
. siticn of any style; good cook; city or coun-
try; private family.^ Box 4852 Call cf.io.
A JAPANESE would Ilk? a position as school-
boy; speak* eooil English: also understands
cooking. KURODA. 1410 Pine st.
JAPANESE schoolboy wants. a position in a
small family: can cook well. HENRY. 1450
Page St.: tel. Park 801. (
JAPANESE boy wants nlirhtt Job washing
dishes from 7 to 10 o'clock. 113 Eddy st.
FLATS TO LET. ._
A— HOUSES and flats to let; an immense list:
service absolutely free: tak» vdvantage of
this department: it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 243-259 Geary
at., on the square.
ALL of the most desirable flats anil bouses are
listed In our renting department; let us giv*
you a list and help you find one In the -loca-
tion: you want. STERLING FURNITURE
COMPANY, 1039 Market St.; services abso-
lutely -i"f. ' *¦' "¦
UNION. 1CC5. near Leavenworth; — Upper flat. 6
rooms and bath: lots of llfrht and <mn: fine
marine view; first-class condition: $30; water
fr»c. • - .
MOPRIS ave.. 113. near Bryant St.. bet. Flfh
and F'xth — 5 large, rooms for nice family;
rent $10- '_ -
KAHiHT, CCS — Modern flat; 5 rooms and base-
ment. -
KLATK TO •!,!"— PITIXUHED.
DIAMOND. M19 — Flat -of 3 furnished rooms:
hot and co!d water; tlC.
KLATS FOH SALK— -KURMSHED.
FLAT of 6' rooms; rent $22 50; newly fur-
¦ nlshed: at. sacrifice if sold in two days.' 313
'. Gouch 1 »t. :-...-. ¦•"¦ ,-¦". i '
NICE sunny furnished flat. 7 rooms and bath:
reasonable; on account of sickness. 623 Post.
FINANCIAL.
COBIPAXIKb Incorporated, financed and «toex
floated. W.-H. BI1TNKR. Lawyer and y.-
nano.al Ace nt. X12 Emma Spreckels bid*.
rACIA— MA S3 AGE.
A-VVKINKLKS removed: Cue complexion guv.
anteed. new method: 6we. M. LUTO.N. mans-
curing ptricn. 764 Larkin at.; t>Bon« PoU IT.
FUKXVrUKK WAXTEB.
HIGHEST price for furniture and cufee. u j^
BL'RI>. auctloneer.l^lM Mitt. :tel.Mow»rd J75d.
A. WOLLPEKT. TT- Mission, pnor.s lted Mii,
buy, rent*, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
' HELP WASTED FEMALE.
WANTED— 2 cocks. *30 and $:»; cook oa
ranch. friO; A waitr<ues for restaurants. $;,
$8 and $U; 2 second girls. $15. $^0; a nurse
prls. $15. $20: 6 chambermaiiis ana waiting.
country. $25; waitress hotel, city. $J3; cham-
bermaid and waiting;, $25; nurse for Panta
Cruz, housework. San Rafael. $25: help in
delicatessen. $20; infant nurse. $25; dish-
washer. $25: 2 laundresses. $;»>: housework,
country. $25; 44 general housework girls at
$20, $25. $:». Apply to J. F. CHOSETT &
CO.. 334 Suttfr rt. -,
A CHAMBERMAID, hotel. $20: second girt.
$25: nurse Klrl. $15: cook. $35; house gtrl.
Berkeley. $23: house rirl and nurse irlrl. $25
and $20. same bouse, Oakland. MRS. NOR-
TON;
A— WANTED — Girls to learn hairdre-aln*.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
la 2 weeks: $5 to those enterin? now; 3 po-
sitions to fill immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading school ia
West. 233 Geary »t.. room 13.
A Girls to learn millinery now for spring «ea-
con* both seasons taught from start to finish
tn 1 month for $10; pcaltlons as trimmers,
salesladies, etc.. guaranteed at $10 per wk. up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton st.. r. Is.
X— LADIES to learn all branches hairdresslna;
trade: — anicuring. massage, etc. 1238 Mar-
ket st cor Jone«. room 94; positions secured
at highest wages: day and eve, class; call.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS: NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS & CO VSJ
FACTORIES. 32^ FREMONT ST. AND 1373
MISSION, NEAR FIFTEENTH-
WANTED — Experienced notion and lace sales-
• woman. Apply between 9 and 11 a. m . at
HALE BROS.' '_ \
WANTED — Young lady who is a first-clas* mu-
sician and who can read music at «i«*t- A P-
ply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.' ,
WANTED— A young girl, by a family of 2: no
children, no washing; a good home ror the
right person. Apply 1794 Ellla St.. corner
Pierce, between 10 and 4. o'clock. >
WANTED— Experienced salesladies. MARKS
BROS.', 122O Market st. >
REFINED young lady for light offlce work;
references. 173 Valencia gt.
A YOCNG lady to learn th« removal of •«P*T-
fiuous hair to be assistant to a doctor. ll»O
Market St.. rooms 2S and 29, from 1 to 4
p. m. ______.____————- .
LADIES to learn barber trade ia 8 week* *nd
ladies' halrdressing In 4 weeks; manicuring
and facial massage also taught la shortcut
time. Mohler System College. 635 Clay <t.
WANTED — Girl for housework: $20 to $23. 31
Cumberland st.. bet. Nineteenth and Twen-
tieth. Guerrero and Dolores.
SALESLADIES wanted. Call at J. M. LEVEE
& CO.'S. cor. Powell and Geary sts.
WANTED — Experienced saleswomen. Apply
between 8 and 11 a. ro. at HALE BROS.' » J
CASHIER- —ust understand bookkeeping. H.
LESSER. 015 Market st.
WANTED — A refined business woman for very
desirable i>orttlon to travel. Box 3137. Call.
WANTED — Girl to arsist in office: wages $7
per week. Address box 3751. Call.
FIRST-CLASS stenographers furnished. Ml.«»
M G. Earrett. Instructor. 302 Montgomery.
; ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church s:s.
, a BRANCH office of Th« Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 100H Market fct.. oppos'.t*
Fifth. Opt-n until 11 p. m.
HELP WANTED MALE.
A— Mi*RRAY"*~REA DY. f^-«36 Clay st.
Phone Main 584S.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
1002 We Gave 1903 We'll Girt
45.CCO Men Work. CO.imio Men Work.
ARIZONA, close to PRESCDTT.
Boss here. PANTRYMAN. $40 and f-mnd.
FOPFMAN ORCHARD. VINEYARD.
GOOD WAGES FOR A I MAN.
Tailor Institution. $20 and found.
Paint G r Ef;Ml; r OR C - S^NDINA^AN ft \
MAN and WIFE. cook, mine town. $50 fa.
2 lumber graders, boss here. $75.
Edserman. box factory. $2 50 a day.
Man and wife, ranch. $35 and found
Tinsmith city: carriage trimmer; bellboy.
S 1 5 MSmuBMMBB
MURRAY A READY, f.34 and 636 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.S. Phon^ Grant 1S3.
420 Bush »t. i** 2 Clav 8t -
N't-ht clerk with California experience and
references, country hotel, $45. ' •£
Barkeeper and porter, country hotel, $J3.
Oysterman. city, $45.
Machinist good bench and lathe hand, coun-
try, $3 50 a daY: 9 - raDer foreman, grading
camp $E5 an< * found.
C R HANSEN &. CO.'S Employment Office.
42S> Bu*h st. 842 Clay sfc.
-
AT "E. & B." R. R. LABOR AGENCT.
e3S Commercial st. Phone Front 39.
Ryndon. Nev.— Free Fare.
25 tunnel men. .. .. .. .... ..$2 B0 a day
60 laborers and muckers. $2 to $2 25 a day
- NEW RAILROAD WORK.
20 tlx and eight horse, teamsters. $2 80 a day
20 2 ana 4 horse teamsters. $2 to 92 23 » day
60 plow-hold'rs and laborers, $2 25. $2 day
"E & B." LABOR AGENCT.
638 Commercial st. Phona Front 39.
MAN and wife, private family, $50. se« lady
to-day fruit farmer and wife. $43; quartz
mill man. $3 B0 day; Scandinavian miner. $3
day 2 men to raise beans on shares; coolc
and r wife, country. $10R and found: cook,
country $75: oyster man. $45 and board. J.
F. CROSETT & CO.. 623 Sacramento st.
6 COAL miners for Oregon: »t per ton; free
fare. Cal. Emp. Agency. 53 Third st.
A— HOTEL- GAZETTE, 20 Montgomery, r. 12
Baker. $17 a week: colored waiter. $32.
WANTED For tT. S. army, able-bodied, un-
married men. between ages of 21 and 33. eitl-
x*ns of United States, of good character and
fmperate habits, who can speak, read and
write English. For Information apply to Re-
cruiting Officer. Slalto building. New Mont-
gomery *t.. San .Vancisco. or Masonio build-
ing. Sacramento. -Cal.
Men to learn th« barber trade In two months
»nd secure gcod [positions; catalogue, and full
information mailed free. MOLER System
College. 633 Clay »t.
BARBERS— Ppednl meeting MONDAY. Dec.
14 Nomination of officer* for the ensuing
term wtll be made. All shculd be presw.t^
By order of th* union. A
J. R. BLIELY. Secretary. ~^
"GOVERNMENT positions — Call at room 1*.
fiftb Coor. 80S Larkin St.. for free informa-
tion as to positions, salaries. ag» limits. «t*. :
day or. evenings. >
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $' « n( *
$1 CO per pair. fMJt-fonn shoes at 92 «». or
orthopedic shoes. $3 50; b*st shoes on earth 11
Third «t.. Exam, bldg.. 5 doers from Market.
WANTED— Young man who Is experienced In
I men's furnl»hlnj~. Apply between 9 and
11 a. m. at HALE BROS/
WANTED— Young man who H an experience.!
bundle wrapper. Apr>ly between 0 and 11
a. n at HALE BROS-' ,
SALESMAN of gr -d appearance for tailoring
department: refrfnc^ reqn'red. AppU S. N.
WOOD & CO . ?>'°_ M _ arKgt *"'"
SALESMEN wao'^i for men's «nd boys' fur-
nishing good, a«*irunenu: must have good
references and Vj.»xcer!enced In tJiejw lines.
ApP'y to% N. VOOD A CO.. 740 Mark.- >t.
WANTED— Experienced picture frame nakT.
Apply Superintend- nfs office. Tho Empor-
ium. __[
BERBER nhop ami baths: one of the leading
©¦» Third *<t : very rfas^nable: otv ner re'.lr-
lng. STgLTZ. 723 Market ¦_*}._
FIRST-CL^VSS barber fcr Saturday. 0C3 Four-
teenth st.. Oakland. _______
WANTED — A distributer. Apply Elet'.rtO
- Laundry. 837 Folsom gt. .
MAN office and ortsids work coller-tlnn: SICO
cash required. IS Montgomery st.. room 8.
FOR sale — Cheap. 2 barber chairs. 2 mirrors
and pcle. etc. Apply o4»;i£ Seventh st.
TRY cur men's shoes, union made, at- SI an-i
$1 BO pair; foot-form shoes at XZ 50: w« n »y
/ express or mall cttantea. tl 3d st.. Exam. bltt.
WOULD like to lily a barber shon. not lejl-
thar. thre« cha'»». centrally located. Boa
3750. Call officr^
FOR sale^ — Barbershop; barjaln. 2321 AU-
meda ave.. Alarfeda.
BARBERS— 2-chaH- shop for sale; snap if «ol4
by Thursday. Polk st.
2-CHAIR barber fhop; town of SCO. For par>
I Uculars. H. E. HART. GuernavUIe. CaJ.
FREE==TO WANT AD PATRONS==FREE
______^ — — — — .—^— —^M - •
"% • .-,¦¦¦:•-¦ , > ¦ * ¦-
, -/ PUBLISHERSV ANNOUNCEMENT.
THE SUNDAY CALL has oompleted an arrangement whereby
its Want Advertisers may obtain without additional cost a
full size copy of the famous gtioup picture of all the^ Presidents of
the United 5tates. ': , ; :. , ¦ . " ::
A Genuine Photogravure Reproduction from the
Original Oil Painting
REDUCED FAC SIMILE. FULL SIZE OF PHOTOGRAVURE, 16x20 INCHES.
Copyrighted. 1901. All rjffhta xeierred.
PRESIDENTS of the UNITED STATES
ARTISTIC :: PATRIOTIC :: HISTORIC
Every art lover and every patriotic American should own -this magnificent photogravure reproduction
The Portraits of the Presidents
Were painted from the most authentic originals, and in point of -expression and fidelity in the matter of dress
each is a masterpiece. In the backgrounds are
Fourteen Typical Scenes in American History
Beginning with the Liberty Bell,~ as if sounding the note of American Independence, and closing with Ad-
miral Dewey's Victory at Manila, \vhile~bver all are draped the graceful folds of the Stars and Stripes. The
picture is reproduced by the photogravure process on the finest quality of heavy plate paper and is not a
cheap steel engraving. .¦¦--;
Given Away to All Want Advertisers in the
NEXT SUNDAYS CALL
Bring your little Want Ad to The Call Business
Office, Third and Market streets; 1008 Market
street, city, and to The Call Branch at 1 1 18 Broad-
way, Oakland, and get one of these beautiful pre-
miums absolutely free.
; ; : This offer opens Friday morning and closes Satur-
day night at 10 o'clock sharp.
I IN THESE COLUMNS YOU CAN SELL YOUR WARES AND GAIN YOUR WANTS.' Everett -M.-. Grimes as guardian of the rmta*«
of • Everett T. Grtm»» frnlnor) to Mm C.
Stolz (single). -undivided H' Interest, ta lot on
K «"O r ner of Eart- Fourteenth «T»*t ', (since
widenlnjiJ and Fifth avenue, SE 100 by N E
.-.Elizabeth MrmpT fwife of J. M.) ti AHce
Thnmpson ¦' !cf i*n N Hue if Laurel ox Twenty
fifth street. s:o ,W of T«?esra?h avenue E
•8-hr N lflO. Oaklard: $10.
Alice Thcmfi'on /s!n?l»») to Charles N.
Wond. .name. .Oakland:, t IP. ..
lEIejebctii Jain and K'iz*b*th Vond'rllfth
to : J. P. : Ltindqulst, : lot 23. , Lorln Villa ¦ Tract.
Berkeley: Slf. : - *%eBM*tlei*V^aPHMMMgki
II M. Smith tnEJmerC. Smith. trmTvldM
>4 4ntere!«t fn '\e* on S line of Elght^n'h
ftiret. 100 E of «rove. F 25 $ R*»fl W C.I
N R« St. let Sfi. John«nn Tract. Oakland: $'0.
B McFa«Men.<«!njrle) to F.'-B'ard*l. .lot
on SE corner c?Orch<ml strict or avenue and
Summit street E 10O hv 8 -*2:fl. rort!on f\t
lot SS.-tna? o( Buena Vlrta Homritesd. O2k
lanrf; $10.
Af. )S. Martin * (oins-Ie) to» Sophie. Nelson
f-widow). lot 21 hlock E. same map, Brcok
lyn Township; SI 0. . .
Mary ' A. or Mary J. Barracks. M. J. Lay
mance Mary Cummincs". Stuart Law and Cil-
Ipctlon' Compan.r (corporation). S. R RntVn
berg and J. P. . IJnrraein (by H. F. Patterson
fcommlFfliGnpr) to ?an Fri"»>clscr> Honw Moti:al
Iysan Association lot on SE corner of Orchard
nvrnui* at lnter^»»/'»|ori tvltb T!p<» of ~iuTy road
If.?.", F, 7.">.S0. NE IIS. NW 7.'. - SE IB* lot 7
and portion nf lot 8. Searlea Tract. Brooklyn
Township- $1(^22. ¦
Bernardine and F. C. Re'.ch'ln? to Nil* an<\
Marv Ro«« - l'.t . «n S l!n» of Hnlsrht ' str*«t.
.11R:10«A W of Sev«th. S 103:0 by W 32:6,
A'amerta; S10. v3^4||£pqpKMM#qHMA4
¦ -R. :M ¦,FIt*jr«»«M . (tni«tr*> to Charlrs H.
.Tone*, let . on NW- corner, of Thirteenth nnd
Franklin s'rrets ?r iro x bv W 75. lots 19 to
'?. block.. 101. KeUersberger's Map, OskTand;
James M. find Miry II. Hav-»n to M. S».
Martin (fIijcIc). lots 21 and 20. block E.
Aracnrtfd Map cf^-JIoss Tract. Erooklvn Town
shin; *2CO. .- , "
William and Jane Mclhtvre to Phila V.
Adrian. . lot on E Une of Sorln* street. 310
N of Vine. ets.. thene* NE 1".4.92. S 53, SW
1.14.02 N ' 55 to tv»«r!nninsr. ' portion of nlat
1*4. Keller'bersT's-Mnp of Ranches V. and D.
Peralta. Berkeley: $10.
Jn»sle d*> Wolfe anil C. A. Westrnberg (hus
band) to C. A. Chlcheiiter lot on K llni» of
Col!«*«r<» s venue. ISO S of ParkeT street. S W
by E 1.15 portion of lot .". block 4. property
of John Kfarncy. ttc. Berkeley; $10.
• Sidney E. Holyer to Sarah J. Ho!y»r.
lot on" SE Iln»-of Eighth avenue 50 SW
of East Fifteenth street SW 50 by' SE i 110
block 53. Clinton. East Oakland: $10.
• George E. and Anna R. Wellington to Stella
Axx (wife of Ulysses G.). lot on W Une of
Ellsworth street. 150 N of Ashby avenue N
60 by W 1TO lot 15, block C. Suburban Tract
Berkeley: S10.
Herman Hertzel to Christina Hertzel lot on
SE line of Charles street. ISO NE of Porter
NE 120 by SE 112:5. lots 7 to 11. map sub
division lot 4, Suter Tract. Brooklyn Town
ship; $10.
Josephine F. Bruglere (by William H.'Harn
den attorney) to Antone Sores lot on SE line
of Llese avenue. 102.5& SW of its intersection
wltb — San Leandro road or East Fourteenth
street, thence SE 125 by SW 37.«. lot 8 arxT
SW 'A of lot 7. Mock 5. map subdivision blocks
17 and 24 etc.. Sather Tract. Frultva'e. Brook
lyn Township; $10. :••
Emily K. Latham (widow) to Emma W.
LIntlh (w'fc of Osrnr F.). lot 2«. block II. map
Latbam Terracp Rrooklvn Township; $10
W. W. Haley to 3. S. Kimball. lot 8. 40x
145. map East Fruitvale Tract", Brooklyn
Township; $10.
Joseph and Josephfne Etheri to William
Schafer. undivided *4 interest In lot 'on NE
corner of Putnam street an<l Fmitv.ile avenue
E 11X10. N 5.'.. W\122.2O. S 55.74, lot C block
772. map C. C. Clav's subdivision, etc.. Levy
and Lane Tract. Fruitvale. Erooklyn Town
ship; $1(T. " " '
Robert B. and Nellie E. Hill to E. L. Sar
geant. lo» en NW line of Ninth avenue. 50
NR of East ElrMe^nth street. NE 50 by NW
12S block 107. Clinton. East Oakland: $10.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to
Goortr* 1 T?- Williams, lot In cemetery Oak
land To-wnshlo; $104! t
Albert- Victors to- E. E. Hal!, undivided ',4
Interest in lot; on S line of San Antonio ave
nue. 100 E of Oak street. E 50 by S 100 por
tion lots 5 and 6; block railroad lands adjacent
to Enclnal. Alameda; $5.
- Same to same, lot on E line of Park street.
2S2:4 S of San Jo?e avenue. S 30 by E 117:6,
lot D. block 18, Alameda Park Homestead!
Alameda; gift.
E. B. Vreeiand to Catharine Vreeland (wife)
lot on E line of Weber street .825 S of Cen
tral avenue, and 163:08 3 of intersection of
said line of Weber street. with S Une of Kings
avenue (now San Antonio avenue), S 50 by E
100. lot 145. Enclnal Park Tract. AlameOa
gift.
Eva L. Bowles to H. A. Pleltner, lots 21 and
22 (70 feet on N line of Blossom street), map
Orchard Tract. Frcitvale, Brooklyn Township'
$10. *
Ottlile and Robert Haupstuk to Caroline LI«
ker (wife of Ai). lota 26 to 28, map Sunset
Tract. Fruitvale. portion Bona Tract Brook
lyn Township: $10.
Josephine and John Sherwood to William
Slnkwltr. lot on S line of Fifteenth street, 100
W of Willow. W 40 by S 111:3. lot 20 and
portion lot 21. block F, map resubdlv'islon
blocks C and F Garden Tract Homestead
quitclaim deed. Oakland: $050.
William Concannon (widower) to Martin Con
cannon, lot on S line of William street. 205:7'^
W cf Wood. W 25 by S 1OO:7V4. lot 14 block
S3. map lands on Oakland Point Railroad Fer
ry Landing Tract 406. Oakland: also lot on S
line of William street 118:6 Wcf Pine W
62:6 by S 1CO:7'4. lots 11 and 12 and W U of
lot 10. block 39, same map. Oakland: $1
Ellen Montgomery (widow) (by * Richard
Montgomery (attorney) to Mary Carroll
(widow) lot beginning at NW comer lot 2ft
being SE corner Grove and Thirty-ninth
streets, thence E 143.50. S SS.95 W 148 N
80.35 to -bepinn!n«f, map" No. 1 Montgomery
Tract. Oakland; $10. . - \ • . - ¦ *
¦ Emma. R. and Jacob House (husband) to
Elvin F. Austin let on N line of Golden Gate
avenue, 225- E of Baker street. E 25 by N 125
boing E % of lot 5, block 8. amended map But
ler Tract. Golden Gate, deed given to correct
922 D. 255. Oakland Township; $10.
Anatole Ehret to Cecile Ehret (wife). lot on"
W line of Fifth street 1C0 N of Holyoke N
102 :»5 by W 125. lots 14 to 17. block 54 Tract
B. Berkeley Land and Town Improvement As
sociation, and all personal property owned by
first party Berkeley; gift.
Alameda County.
REAL. ESATE TRANSACTION'S.
- Rosa M. Shattuck (»M<iw) and John W. Ha
vens to Oakland Pavlns Company icorpcration).
lot. on N" l<rv» of Parkfr ptrr»t. 00 "W ot -Tre
mont. W 25«>. N T2».«5. E i»:10. N 120.W.- E
2ZP, S I29.G3. W 9:10, S 123.«v to b-rl^nin?.
Iocs 3 tn " «nd 11 to 22. block 9. ma;> No. 4.
Fhattnck trsct. Bprkel«y: $10.
-J. A. and Emily V. Marshall (wife) to J.
William Off*rrrann and F. Or«»w. .tcfoa NW
comer of Aleatraz avenii* 1 »*u! K'ns nrft, K
TSr.l-by W 120. ¦lot" 1. bt-ck . :t. lands Re«r»nt
Street Homestead Aracelation. Berkeley; $M).
Alexar.dc- MarHock & «,"o. - icorroratlon) to
C ; A. "Orr rmarrted). let on N line of - Irrln<
meet. 327:3>4 W of Lowell. W- 25 by N too.
lat-53,- man plat 5; and portion ' pUtt •, Dohr
tract. Berkeley; J10.
Abta« C. Howe (singtO to Jalla H. O'Don
nelU lot on NE llae cf East Flft*»ntli-»tTe»t.
11S:O NW" of Nineteenth avenue, NW 31:3. fcy
NE 140, lot 7 and ncrticn lot S. block 27, San
Antcnto, East Oakland: $10.
John Eiferle to Earbary Wernmer. lots 1CS
to 113 Drexler traet. Oakland: rift." ¦ ".. , .
Home Security Lean Company to Annie DJck
lnson iwidow). grantee to J. K. tJirkirson, lot
on SW. comer of Pacific and Willow 9tr«««.
W -232:11% to N Uan land- Southern Pacific
Company. SE 243 to -WMt Willow. N 70:3- t.>
beginning, block 450. Revised Map - Gibbons
property at Oakland Point. Oakland; $10.
Annie Dickinson (widow) to William H. Har
dy (married*, came. Oakland; SV>.
E- J..*nd Helen WUterttwrs (wild.- to". Mc-
Carthy Company (corporation), lots -6- ahrt 7,
blcrk F. man Broadway .Terrace tract. Oak
lanrti *10. . J
M P W. and Enima G. Albe? (wlf©>, and
M: A. Albee (single) to H. J. Small, lot begin
ning at intersection of East Walnut street with
N line land now or formerly of Charles Bank.*.
E 1S8:5. N 32.70. W 136:3. S 32.70. portion plat
73 Kellogg" s map Ranchoa V. ami I). Pcralta,
Berkeley; $lt>. . v - ¦ .
T.- E. and Helen A. Mulfcrd (wife>»t<» Frank
O. Ycungman, lot 15, corrected map Electrto
Heights ttacr, Brooklyn Township;. $10.
E. J. and : Lydia F. Shepardson to - Ralph
Asher, lot on W line of Alice street. 85 8 of
Fifth. S 40. . W I0», N 25. - E : ft. N- 15. E 05.
lot 19 and portions lots 14, -18 anrl 23. block
39. Kellersbergers map. Oakland: *10-., - ..
Marcus and I.ucla H. Halt (wife> to, Henry
H. and Carrie T. Gribbea, lot. on NE comer of
Orchard street and Telegraph avpnue, E 127.19.
N CO, W 127.34, S 80. lot 1, block B." Armes
tract. Oakland: $10. - . ..,.,.-.
150. lots 1 to 4. less strip 10 feet v?ld» taken
off said lets to wMen East Fourteenth street
and SW 10 feet of lota 21 to 24. block v .5«.
Clinton East Oakland: ft8TS. - -
Everett M. and Lilian M. Grimes to-, sane,
undivided J a interest in same, Cast Oakland;
$10. ...
A. !«. Sobey (single) to Agostino Koto, ' lot
on S line of Virginia ' street, 120 XT "of Mc-
Gee. W 40 by 8 135:4 ! i. block 1. Stata Uni
versity Homestead Aaaociatlon No. S. Berke
ley; *10.
Caroline W. Fisher (wlitowr, to Carrie • I*
Digg3 (wife, of John B.) lot on N line of Weh
ster street. 286.34 E of Alice avenue. E 183
by N 4C3.5O portion of lots 7 and S.~ map of
subdivision of .Mrs. Allle. M. Pearson's- 2J.33
acres of Ball Tract. Berkeley.: *l£>. .
J W. .or J." Walter and Lizzie S. Ward
(wlr» to Olinto and JosepMna. Landued. lot
10 map of plat 5 and portion of plat 6, Dohr
Tract, Berkeley; $10. '
James A and Ada O. Plnkertcrt to
Stella H. Clay (wife of J. Frederic)., lot on W
line of Laulsa street, 200 'N. of Cedar. N 33
by W 135 portion of lot H. block 5.' map-' of
block 5. Graves. &. Taylor Tract. Berksley;
D. H and Kate A, Fryo (wlfe> to Adelia
H Patty ( widow) lot on W line of. Hlllesrass
avenue 160 S of 'Webster street, 8'4<> by W
220 lota 3 an«l 28. block C, "Map So. 2. Bate
man Tract, Berkeley; $10.
Charles G Helstrora and Andrew •¦ Sorensen
to Arthur C-'Rudland. lot on S line of ¦ East
Eighteenth street. 3m> W of Fruttvale avenue.
W 50 by S 123. lot 2», Derby Tract, . Brooklyn
Township; $10.' . .* , / «
H W Chynoweth to N. Anderson. lot» T
and 14. block 2. lots 1 to S. Wock 10. lots 1.
- and 0 to II block 11. as per Stratton a
survey. Alameda: also portion of lot 5 In sec
tion 1!) Township 2 South. Range U \\ est.
lyln« W of E aids of bridge connecting, city
of Alameda with Bay. Farm Island <w per
State Tide Land Surrey. A lambda; also lot
!£* n Ictton 18. Tow M hip 2 South R.n»::
WeitT and that porttcn of lot 2. lyinu S of
N "ne- of Park «treet extended W and parallel
with^ame direction as Park, street ao a 9 to
intersect S boundary line oC said, section IS
m oer; State Tide Land Survey. Alamada; $10.
iSrlow P Bancroft to Calvin A. Shaw (sln
«lc> tar©H and W 8-« of lot 9S'i. amended
l-ind (recorded December 0. 19«J): $10.
Edward N. and Edna B. ¦ Prcuty to Oscar
Ro« 1«™ « N-llne of Russell. street. 120.41
Vfo'tKcsent atreet. etc., said point of be
*;.",'. beinr on ths SW corner of lot 5.
fhence N US 2. E 40. S 1C0.T8. W 40.lt. block
G Blfry-Ban^ Tract, map- xVo. 2. Berkeley;
also lot on W line of Recent street. 13l> » ot
Oregon W <:0. S 100.37. E 40.13. N alons
cur^l'lin. of said W line of «•»»"«¦"••«!*
beginning, block .G. -same .map. Berkeley tre
corded December^. 19u3; 410. • ¦
George a and Mildred E. SUrr to Join a
Hitchfteld. -1 acre. beeinnlnK «t 0 " «^
line of Walnut avenue, 2atuJ.5. NE- from J»C
ine cf county road from Oakland to San Le
andro. etT NE 0T.44 by NW 75S.34 portion
of »o» 13 map Stone subdivision. Brooklyn
ToWnihip (recorded December 0. . 1SO3>4 tXO.
\lexander Murdock & Co. (a corporation) to
Alexander Mnrdfrck.. lot on NE comer of Butler
and Stanford avenue* N 55 «4 to point .on
said Une of Butler avenue distant 100 S from
S line ot Benton. avenue, right angles E par
allel with and JQO S of sama_ ,W«. -S3J 1»
block Q. map. Paradjae Park, Oakland; $10,
Mrs. Rose Roberts (Williams) to Mae Slmin*
(widow).. lot on S llntf of Dalton street. 200 E
of Herzog. E 40 by S 110. lot 63, Bock Island
tract, Oakland; $10.- --- - - k v - . -. ¦- x •? •
Alexander Murdock (single) to sam», same.
D C. "and Nellie Talbot <wtfe> 4.o I^etti* M.
Price (widow), - lot on=SW line, of -East Fif
teenth street. T5 SE of Eighteenth avenue SE
4C8 by SW 140. lot 21 and portion lot 20, block
20, 'San Antonio, East Oakland;. $10. ' »_ .•
J A and Emily V. Marshall (wife)- to E. P.
•and Hannah A. Carlson twite); lot oik W- lin©
of Adeline street. 1S!>:4 S of Fairview. S;42.
W 113 etc.. N 37.83. E to beginning, - block
2 mav property of A. B. Dlxon at.Alcatraa
staUcn. d'oed given to correct 831 D. IV). Berk«-
e Charlo'tti« E". Biyfli (wife .Henry) to Blyth &
Trott (corporation), lot on S lln« of Collect
Way 399 :1H E of Shattuck street. E 45 by
S 124:6. block A. map Villa lots,, adjacent to
university -sit* on W, Berkeley: $10.
Julia S and Arthur H. Sanborn to Anna M.
and Ella A. Clark, lot on E line of Hillegass
aven-e. 183.36 S of Dwight way. S. 30 *y E
13C.1S. Jot 25. block. B, map No. . 3., Hlllegas*
tract, Berkeley; $l6. .; ' .
Joseph J. and Annie Youns (wife), tp PjM
mond C. Sta»».s, lot on E line of Harper •tre»t.
22S.15 S of Russell,* 8 M> by E 122 n lot 12 and
portion lot' 11. map subdivision block 10. Cen
tral Park tract. Berkeley; *10." -
• Joseph J: and Barbara- Mason* -(wife) to* An
nie Merrills (wife J. M.). lot onW_ lln? of
Grove street.' 210 S Of Russell. S'40 by W 122.
lot 24. block 10. map subdivision block* 10.' Cen
tral Park tract. Berkeley; $lfiO.
Alexander Murdock (single) 'to Mrs. Mae
Pimms (widow), lot on .N' line. of. Ketton or
D^rby street. 160 W of Dwlhelle or McG^»,'- W
4O by N 132:6, lot 16, block 7. Caae tract.
Berkeley; $10. ,
Marie B: Sanioulllet (widow) to C R.. Lord,
lots 8 to 10. block' 2. tract A. Berkeley Land
and Town Improvement Association. Berkeley;
?10. •. .
The newly seeded area of winter -rye
is provisionally estimated at 98 per ceiit
of the area sown in the fall of 1902. The
condition of winter' rye on Dumber 1
was 92.7, as compared with' 9s!6," the
mean of the average for : the last sine
years.
California's winter rye .acreage - as
compared with last year is 99 per cent.
Averages, of cpndition on December 1
for California are: This year, 37; 1902,
98; 1901,90. : " : ," !
WASHINGTON, Dec. 10:— Returns to
the Chief of the Bureau of Statistics
of the Department of Agriculture Indi
cate that the newly seeded area- of Win
ter wheat is about 32.DOO.000 acres, \a de
crease of 6 per cent from the area esti
mated to have been sown in the fall of
1902. The condition oC winter wheat on
December 1 was 86.6, as compared with
99.7 in 1902, 86.7 in 1901. and a nine-year
average of 92.7. . - .
The acreage of the leading States- as
compared with last year is: Kansas,
94; California, S9; Oklahoma, 103.* ¦
The average condition on December 1
was: Kansas, S7; California, 97, Okla
homa, 80. ; ' ,.''"• .{/.*T- !
Condition of BdthVCrops 13 Not
as Favorable a|? During tHe
Same Seasonvof • Last. Year
SHORTAGE NOTED IX RVi:
Returns Made to Department
orA^ricoItare Show Big De
crease in.Newlv Seeded Area
WINTER WHEAT
BELOW AVERAGE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALU FRIDAY, DECEMBER n, 1905:
15
MrSCELLAXgOrS FOR 5AF.K — Con.
.FOB sale — Two fjiu.St. Bernard flags:, extra
good v.-atchdot.!-. at 7S2 Halxht st., near 1
Sro'.t. . . ¦,'•¦¦. ¦ .. •"/.
i , i£ — ; ;£, : — : — :
j ASK Tor price* on pecoiid-hand tytx-wrlers: all ¦
trakw. ALKNANDER & CO.. 110 Montg-y.
! J A BRANCH o.'nce of The Call for the recep-
. j tion of advertisement* and subscriptions has
. NM»n opened »t IOCS Market rt.. opposite
• **:?th. Opon until 11 p. m.
• MISCKLLAXCOCg WANTS.
i I A SECOND-HAND tricycle "for ~cblia. 8 years
j old^Bcx 4845. Call office.
| EOOK.S and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMEsi
; , lH'.t Market 6t.; phene Jessie 3741, or postal.
¦ I PAY highest prices for all kinds of cast-off
clothing; send postal. MORRIS. 870 Folsom.
; ! TTLTON want* good second-hand clothing and
. j theatrical goods. 154 8th St.; tel. Jessie 2t£l.
1 I MOSEY TO LOAN.
i A AA— HERMAN "iTuRPHX " "
C01-C02-C03 Examiner building.
\ • Quick settlements; no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter.
» . ejsts. assignments of rents, property in trust. I
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In.
. I tertsts in property purchased,
i j Courte&us treatment. Strictly confidential.
I } When You Need Moaer
, i See HERMAN MURPHY.
• I ADVANCES en furniture and pianx>s without
; removal: to r*rmanent salaried people on
their note without security or knowledge of
employer; lowest rates; no commltfirlon. NA.
j T1ONAL CREDIT CO., «S and «S» Donohce
buildinr. 1170 Market et.
' i STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL LOANS on fur-
niture, pienos or to salaried people on their
j note: iToper treatment guaranteed. ILLINOIS
TRUST CO.. r. Hi. Phelan bid., tel. Main 704.
.' MONEY loar.'ed to salaried prople, retail mer-
chant?, teamsters, board ing- nouses, without
security; easy payments; largest business in
4<5 principal cltie3. Tolman. 553 Parrott bldg.
I HIGHLY respectable private place to -obtain
liberal advances on diamonas, jewelry, at
2 per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
S4C Market; -tel. Main 1014. Branch. 19 Third.
I A — 1 per cent on furniture or piano; no remov-
i al, no commission, no publicity ;$25 up; quick.
• I private, confidential. 26 Montgomery, rm. 7.
! ¦ ¦ ' .. ; — ;
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Giant ave.,
LOANS FROM $1 TO J10.000 '
! MONEY to loan on low Interest;' gold," silver,
diamonce, pearls and precious atones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S, 10 Sixth 6tT
NEW "easy method — To wege-eamers on-unln-
dorse>i notec; absolute privacy. Fidelity
( Loan Company, rooms 48-49. Chronicle bldg.
j TO salaried people without security:' en furnt-
; ture: indorsed r.ctes and other security. S. F.
Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
I AT lowest rates on furniture and. pianos; strict
j privacy: no commission installments accepted.
BONELLI, 3l»l Eddy. Conservatory building.
OPEN Credit Ass'n. loans on salar.'es confiden-
tially; new.simple plan. Room 50, S1JJ Market.
' 3Tc ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN, room Si; 6 Eddy st.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mu-
¦ j tual Savings Bank bldg.. 708 Market st.
' j ALL loan* on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
ma S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 5SS Kearny.
STAR Lnan Co. of Wyoming loan:* money to
.salaried employes. R. 311. Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
. CASH loaned salaried people on note* without
. indcnMT. MORELL. C^> Examiner building.
' GAINS:
Collard. $35; Emerson. $<55; Fllsher. $70;
Miller. $175; Checkering. $1C7; American.
11(55; Heine. $235; Hayne*. $150; -Sternway,
iiST': Stelnway. large style, $325, and fifty j
ct^rs. Rents. $2 ! up; installments, $4 up.
HEINE PIANO- CO., 235-237 Geary street; i
Oakland branch. Fifteenth and Broadway,' old J
P. O. Mdg. ¦-
j i V."E ror.t the best piano in the. city for $3 per
month; we. allow six months' • rental and |
cartage <$20) off purchase price, thus giving i
you a ?ix months' trial cf the instrument for j
nothing; our terms ar.d prices [ cannot be
equalf d In San Franclsro. - <-
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 5G0-6t Hayes et.
'A FINE lot of second-hand uprights from $50
I up. including Fuch makes as Chickering. Vose,
Kroegrr. Curtaz. Kirkham, Pease, IJardman,
Marshall & Wendell. Baus and others. BENJ.
CURTAZ & SON, 10 O'Farrell Bt. No
branches in i\aa Francisco.- . ..-.*-. .,-
j LOW prices, easy terms and ggod' eoodg. are
what we offer: Eehr Bros., . Baumelstef
planoe and Simplex Piano Players are what
you want. Ca!! ar:d select now. THE ZENO
i | MAUVAIS MUSIC COMPANY. 7CU Market.
A TREMENDOUS sacrifice; unredeemed stor-
age piarus anJ furniture selling to. pay stor-
age; dirt cheap.. Whitehead** Storage, 1G36
• Market st. Cpen evenings.- - ". .
BAND Instruments ;¦ F. Besscn, Peris. • mafc?r;
! Oub Maiwalu. Agt. Pac. Coast. 27S O'Farrell;
fkillful repairing; 2d-hand instruments . cold.
| f'JTi — UPRIGHT piano: Steck mahogany; nearly
new. HORNUNG BROS.. 21U McAllister st.
AL?.IC?T cheaper then firewood; storage pianos
A: furniture. 1C36 Market st. Onen evenings.
I ALMOST r.ew urright; cheap;— rash orinstall-
nunt. SCHMITZ & CO., 13 McAllister st.
i BEAUTIFUL S-pcdal Stelnway- upright piano;
p<-rfect orjer; sacrifice. Keeffe*s,285-O'FarTell.
' SOU MER, Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecil Ian. piano
player. BYRON MAL'ZY. 308-312 Peat st.
(SUPERIOR violir.F. zithers, old. -and. new. H.
Ml.'LLi:n. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AXD STORKS TO LET.
TO LEA Si: — In center cf wholesale district;
•" larpc. light basement with concrete floor; SE.
cor. Market and Second its.; Coxl75; will be!
put in good condition; rent - reasonable. I
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO.. 218-220
Montgomery st.-
2 LARGE stores ami finished basements; slde-
wa'.k elevator; Valencia St., near HUh. For
further- particulars apply to G. "H. UMBSEN
& CO..' 20 Montgomery *st. '
PGRSOXALS. "'••-••-""¦..
A SPECIAL LOW RATE. 30 DAYS ONLT—
M. ELLA HARRIS. - . -
To all whom I have rr.ade prices to sine*
Jan. 1. 1903. & for the ensuing 30 days only,
I will make a liberal rt-ductlon from' all
prices for. my special deep- wrinkle treatment.
The lady. who. has been on exhibition In
the drug store windows' may be peen.at my
efflre this wetk from 10 to 5. In order to a/>
ecrr.modate those who havt requested to ex-
amine the face more thoroughly In private.
M. ELLA HARRIS.
TS1 O'Ferrell st.. near Larkin. Call or wriu
fcr book explaining method. .
j LADIES' perfection . seamless rubber gioves
keep the hand? smooth, soft and white while
doing hottstworii: postpaid $1 25; sand Fize of
ki<l worn. Perfection Rubber Co., box 57.
Lima. Ohio. :
j THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves Its growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
acd itching ecalp; no .stain or stickiness:
cleanses Eca!p;at druggists', hairdressers'; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co., 1338 Polk.
NOT hew cheap but how good Is the motto of
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Ctanclard. the sewing-machine of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, agent. 1021 Market St. '.'.
PHYSICIAN. 15 years' experience, cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
address Centra: Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave..
ccrner Sutter et.; fee moderate. ¦¦ • -
DRUNKENNESS morphine and all drugs d!s-
eases positively cured by Wilrcw Bark Co..
1 *C!* Polk «.; consultation free; call or write.
LIQUOR habit cured in 2 days or no charge's;
guaranteed. Acme- Liquor Cure Co., «37 Mar-
ket St.. room 2t3; phone South 751. .
AT lees than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoats
SEd trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market. ct. ... "
• ELEGANT eults on easy installments: 50 cents
and up per week. LEON LF.MOS 1127 Mar-
ket ft., between Seventh and Eighth.
\ DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday. . Sun-
; <J*y <"vgs.. Teutor.ta Hall, Howard st.. nr.
ttth: Prof. Foster: tscdety dancing taught.
FINE (?enuir.o diamonds, watches. Jewelry cheap-
*r than anywhere. A. A. Ritter. 237 Keaftiy.
MASQUERADE eo»—— <•*. tlay book*, wlga;
ccurtry or.^orn. OOLDSTKIN fc CO.. TjZ Mkt.
fcUlTS to order en installmsnrs". SI per week.
Ne-jhauK ft Co.. merch; tailors. T27-729 Market.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric r.eeJIe. Dr. & Mm. Traverse. .1170 Market.
THE beit place to buy good umbrellas or have
; them covered or repaired la 120 Stockton st.
j TAILOR-MADE f=uit $7 DO; dress pants $2 00.
Mltflt Clothing Psrlor. ror. Bueh and Dupont.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores 'gray
hair to Ite natural color; $1: at all dmsgists'.
Eur^rflucus hair acd moles removed with elec-
tric ae^le. Mrs. & Miss Eaton. 1118 Sutter.
A HRAXCH office of Th« Call for the'recep-
tl»n of advertisements find sub»cr!pltons has
rx^en coencd at 1C0x . Merkct- «i..-- opposite
Fifth. Oner nnt!i- Itr p. rn. -• . .
PAPCailAXGIXG.'-, I*AI.\TI->«-' KTC.
CALL ct C27 .Turk st. or phone Sutter 154 for
l>cpcrhajiging. painting and i«per« cleaned.
Papering; reasonable ratf»; tinting, painting.
Hartmaan l*aint Co., 313 Od: tel. Main ;413.
ROOMS ASD HOARD.
A^-^^^^^HOTElT BALTIMORE, :
VAN NESS. AVE.. NEAR GEARY ST.
AMERICAN PLAN.
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 706.
SELECT FIRST-CLASS FAMILY HOTEL.
HOT : ANI> COLD OCEAN WATER.
SPECIAL RATES BY THE MONTH.
ML'NGER & ZKCERG. PROPRIETORS.
A "%¦¦— HOTEL HATTON ~~
S Zi. COR. PINE AND TAYLOR ~
This pew and rustic constructed hctel Is sit-
. nated In the city's swellesj quarter and will
be handsomely furnished throughout, with all
:th« very latest conveniences; will be ready
"for occupancy Dec. 15; reservations can now
be. made on premises dally.
CHANGE OF PROPRIETORS.
' MANHATTAN HOTEL, 1704 Market st.— A
strictly flrst-claes family and tourist hotel of
unquestioned respectability. American plan.'
A THE DRESDEN
SELECT FAMILY BOARDING-HOUSE. 1442
FULTON. BET. BRODERICK AND BAKER.
CALIFORNIA. 1240— Most -select location In
modern, elegantly furnished private home;
table unsurpassed; marine view.
HOTEL MARTINET, Geary st. and Van Ness
ave., has cnanged hands; hereafter conducted
first-class family hotel: table board specialty.
STEVENSON mansion. 807 California st.— At-
tractlve and sightly rooms; best table and
I service; lowest rates.
O'FARRELL. 30S — Furnished rooms; home
cooking: German family; $0 per week.
j PALMbTRY.
MME. DEVAS. scientific palmist and astrolo-
j gist; palm readings $1; 3 questions by ex-
! press, flropcn Tuesday eve, also. 130 Pest st.
I MME>NEEROAARD'S clasa in palmistry be-
j gins Pec.-l. S p. m. 242 Post St.; terms $10.
i H. JEROME- FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
¦ Taylor St., near Geary. Phone Black 5C1. :
!• SEWIA'G MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
j NEW HOME sewing machine; this week only; I
$10. $15. $20: rlightly used: needles 20a dos.
NEW HOME P. M. CO. 1051. Market »t.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS~anTlCOISES In EARS
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
• ment free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Sutter »t.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co. ; furniture.
household goods stored. r moved, chipped. 725-
' 731" Howard st.. nr. Third: phone Grant 16L
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
flee .Post and Powell sta.: tel. Prive. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S Storage-^-Furnlture and merchaa-
• dlse. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone Esjtt 128. •
GOLDEN. West Storage: advances made; 840
Mission rt. ; tel. Howard ML F. W. Zehfnss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com- '
pany. 2320 Flllmore st.: ptione Jackson, 28L.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 1 J.1. Montgomery
St."; ¦ tel. Main 1S40. Shipping at cut rates. '
S1X"TTERI]VG "• AND ' 8TAMMERIXO.
MELBOURNE School, Van Ness-Market— Cur«
. in • every case; Individual teaching; no medl- '
;clne. Inquire Into wonderful cures :home cnr«.
TYPEWRITERS •*'^£LJ*- U J^ 1 ' IE !ilJ.
AN. exceptionally good. No.- 2 Remington, No. i
• Smith Premier,- J25; other i typewriters at "
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. The
! Typewriter Exchange, 536 California st.
A FEW good typewriters at- ?S0 each: get par-
ticulars of L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont-
gomery st.
ID-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co.. 50S Market.
¦ PROPOSALS.
NOTICE TO CONTRACTORS.
OFFICE OF THE BOARD OF STATE HAR-
bor Commissioners. Union Depot and Kerry
House, ban Francisco, Calitornla, Novem- '
ber 10. l'joa.
Sealed proposals or bids will be received at
this oitics at or prior to 2:15 o'clock p. m. ,
on Wednesday, December 5C1. 10Uo. for the
• construction of a section of seawall and
wharf along same to be located between
King and . Channel streets on the water j
front of the City and County of "San Fran- 1
cisco, in accordance with the plans and
specifications prepared therefor by the Chief j
Kngineer of the Board and adopted by the !
!. Board August 27. li*O3, and on file In this '
oftlce, to which special reference is hereby
made. The work to be done under these .
epeciticaUons consists In furnishing all ma- !
terials and labor for constructing and erect- '
ing a stone seawall with tnd . embankments I
and a'wharf. It Is estimated" that the sea-,
wall' and end embankments will contain'!
about OO.oOo tons of stone: the wharf will j
contiin. ;WS,COO square feet of wharf eur- 1
face. This section of the seawall will ex- !
tend from the Intersection of "the northerly,
line of Channel street (prolonged easterly) !
¦with the w:-ter front line, six hundred («X» I
feet northerly along said water front line. I
The materials to be used for the construe- i
tion of the seawall and end embankments ;
will consist of stone not subject to deccm- i
position nor disintegration by the action of ;
sea water or air.
Two classes of stone will • be recognlred. '¦
Th" first class will Include stone of one or !
more cubic feet in fair assortment of sizes '
between one and four cubic feet: no objec- ¦
tion will be made to stone larger than four I
cubic feet; thla class of stone must "be free j
of seams and marked lines of cleavage. :
The second Class will . Include stone of less j
! than one cubic foot. In assorted sizes, but •
i no stcne less than five pounds will be ac- '
I cepted »t the auarry- |
The materials for the construction- of the
k wharf will consist of the requisite quantl- j
ties of first class, close grained, Douglas \
yellow fir piles and yellow fir lumber (mer- \
chantable quality), wire rope, wrought Iron
bolts, spikes, etc.. all of the best quality
and subject to a rigid examination. •
No bid will be rectived unless It is made i
on a blank form furnished from this office J
and Is accompanied by a certified check for '
five per cent of the aggregate amount of i
the bid. payable to the order of theSecre- 1
tary of the Board, as a guarantee ob the !
part Qf the successful bidder that he will!
within six (G) days after the acceptance of J
the bid enter <nto a written contract to do '
said work, according to the plans and sped- !
fieations prepared therefor, and will also !
execute and file with this Board a bond In !
' such «um as the Board may deem adequate
With a surety company, to d« approved by ',
the Board of Bute Harbor Commissioners, j
and conditioned for the faithful performance
of such contract: nor will said bid be con- j
sidered by this Board unless delivered to the ;
secretary cr to the assistant secretary, at '
the office of the secretary, at or Drior to i
2-.15 o'clock p. m. on Wednesday, December!
23 1003. at which time and place the bids
will be opened. , ¦
The board reserves the right to reject any or i
all bids It deemed for the best Interest of '
the State.
Bidders are invited to be present at the open-
Ing of the bids.- ..
CHAS. H. SPEAR. ¦
JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK
" • * J. D. MACKENZIE.
Board - of State Harbor Commissioners.
LOTT D. NORTON. Chief Engineer.
JOHN M.'FOY. Secretary.
PROPOSALS for sutslstencc rmpplle*. Office
Purchasing Commissary, San Francisco, Cal.,
December 10, 1SMW — Sealed proposals for fur-
nishing and delivering of such quantities of
subsistence supplier, delivered at such wharf !
or wharves or such warehouses In San Fran- j
clsco, Cal.. as per circular to be seen at this
office, will be received hero until 11 o'clock
a. m., Monday, December 21, ICOtt, and opened
Immediately thereafter, in ' presence of bid-
ders. Specification!", general instructions to I
bidders and blank forms of proposals will b2 [
furnished to established dealers: on appllca- |
tion to C. R. KRAUTHOFF, Major Com'y. t
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal., Dec. 8, V.>Ki.— Sealed
. proposals. In triplicate, will be received here
until 11 o'clock a. m... January. S. 1004, and
then opened for construction of frame build-
ings (wagon shed and work shop) at Fort I
Mlley, Cal. Government reserves /right to
reject or accept any or all bids in 'whole cr i
In part. Information furnished on applica-
tion to WM. S." PATTEN. Assistant Quarter-
master General. Chief Q. M.
PROPOSALS for railroad construction bids will
1* ¦ received until 12 o'clock noon, Jan. 2,
1004, at the office of Tonopah Mining Com-
pany Butler " pestofflce. . Nev,, for, the con-
struction of the ToRonah railroad from
Rhodes. Nev.. to Tonopah. Ncv., distance ap-
proximately sixty. miles; plans, specifications,
¦profile, etc., can be; seen at the office of the
chief engineer at iTonopah. '..,.
3L\KRIAGE LICEXSES. ~~
.The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
John J. Avis, 24. 1120 Fell street, ana Aman-
da Ileusch, :><;,' 1U51 Post .-street. . . -¦¦-.-
Francis. • G., Henley-Chater. 22.. 037 ' Bush
street, .and ' Violet ¦ G, Porter, ¦ 18, ¦ city.
Antonio Raffaelll. 24, 520 Broadway, . and
Pasquma Cardell, 20, CL'C Broadway.
Frank • Raffetto, • .11," ? 012 Union street, and
Virginia Ottobonl, ' 22, : 612 Union rtreet.
. Oeorge W. Cullen,^ 2-V S10 Vallejo street,
and- M*ry;A. Belmont, 2D..810 Vallejo, street.
Nobutada '• Satow, 37..; 1408 Pine ctrt et, and
Roku Hojo, ;:;:>. .1408 Pine street.
; Birth, marriage and death notices sent f by
mall xvlll not bo Inserted. They must: be handed
In ' fit either .of the ' publfcatlqn offices nnd be
Indorsed wltVthe name 'and residence of per-
sors authorized -to have the same published.
Notices restricted 'simply to the announcement
of the event.aro published. once In this column
fre«; of • charge. ,
MARRIED..'
Mac DONALD— CRANSTON— In th!a ' cltv. ' D«-
¦ \ ¦ -.;-,- ¦ - - , ..' -A-
WETji» u'avtrd — -.i *r.r: — *-«>n«:tif»«i.
P.AJ.TFIC EMPLOY MUNT^AGENCT.
C2O— Sacramento St.— .120
Phone Main 1181; Oor. LeldesdcrJT *t.
1!5 tiwr.akcr*. ncrth. t*r to l!v tie.
NEW MEXICO. NEW MKXICO.
Of>AL MINER?. NEW MtlXICO.
OHICO, EUTTE . CO.. HALF FARE— 30
tearr.strw, f 2 25 and ?2 50 day ; 2 cooks, near
city, f^5 and 5<0 round; 5 laborers, near
¦city, $2 <*.ay : R. R. tsand foreman, $120; 2
miners, sauth. $75: cook, $4d found, country
hotel: soricltort, city: ¦'» laborers. - ?-2 25.
WHT paj- big rrlc<* to have your shoes halt-
*oled »hen ycu cap cet ' l done for 25c. 50c
and OOc while you valt at 563 Minion «..
bet.' 1st and CA sts.. or 11 Thlni st. ?
BOY «1th 6ome kocwleOc* of bakery work
* anted; Cetrr.an preferred. 413 Third st.
WANTED— For^ V. S. Marine Corps, ab>-
l:o£ied unmarried men. between 21 and 35:
rood character; must cpeak. read and writa
English: rr.arir.es Ferve at sea on men-of-
war la all parts of the world, on land in our
:»Iasd FCfscss'y^t *t ::aval stations la
the UnJtM 6t/tea. Apply at recruiting of-
fice, 4ft E'.'is ;**-. ?»n Francisco, Cal. and
401 K rt.. Sacramento. Cal. ;~ -. . y ;
IF you ere DM satisfied with yota- calary w«
V^ve en ci.cr.lEK whereby ycu can earn legiti-
mately $40 weekly; gentlemanly occupation-
gooc aadr*?*. business knowle£ce necessary'
Royal Mcrcir.Ul* Oc. eclte la. Columbian bid.
WANTED— An all around bookbinder; one who
can £3 forwarding ar.d finishing on full
bound* Apply SA>;BOR*.\ VAIL 4b CO
741 Market «L
A PLEASANT faced, fine appearing, good sur-
g-eoo; positively i>o ether; must be between
40 and u j and rood case taker: no traveling;
ealary about $150. Box 4717. Call efnee.
¦WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rclkin. Rene Houee rroprietor. has
aoded ICriww rooms to the Denver House.
21. Thir# ». : 250 rocna; 25c to 50c per night.
PENSION ATTT.. M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis St.; 14
year* practice; references from thousands of
person* for whom I have. Fecured pensions.
FOR sale — I barber chair. 4 oak sitting. 1 mir-
ror. boiler, pole; cheap. SOSH Broderick.
M'aMl.N for Aurtralia and I-i:»x)pe: also green
hands for whaling. HERMAN'S. 2ti Steuart.
HEN to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed.
S. F. Earber School. 741 A Howard Ft.
PENSION atty.. E. A. R-J'.lis. rocm 40. Phelan
bids. Past Com. Gco. H. Thomas Post.G.A.R.
McDONALD & PERRY have a large stock of
new end feeonrt-hand shoes: cheap. 238 tii st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 ThlnT St.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms. 35c night; reading rooms;
free 'bat and baggage to and from ferry-
A KRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and §ubscriptions has
been CDer.ed at IOCS Market fct.. cpposlt*
Fifth. Or<en until 11 p. m.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. SC3 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half eoled while waitinr: 25e
to fiOc. f.CT MlSflor. ft., hft. l?t and 2d sts.
HORSES AAD WAGONS.
HORSE, buggy and harness. $40; Mexican sad-
dle, $7 50; tcp wagon. $C0; cart, $15. 79 City
Hall ave.
HARNESS and saddles, the best for the money,
at JEPSEN BROS. CO.. fac. the big store.
1145-1147 Market Ft.. San Francisco.
STYLISH wrvic* saddle horse; $100. Peters'
Stables. 1C14 Grove et.- •• -
FOR sale — Rubber-tired hack: best condition ;
$250. 3G15 Eddy Ft., near St^lner.
MAN wanted to bay low-set wagon, suitable
for carpenter. S13 Howard st. •
'MUST be sold at sacrifice; 5 good horsei.
327 Sixth rt. **
. Al EXPRESS wagen, light camping wagoa
and ro-cart for sale cheap. 532 Mission st.
Largest assortn-.t 2-band ¦wagor.s, buckb'd. sur-
Tr-y.hs.rr."Tf.vrrrk. driving hcrggg. 15th-Valencla
nouns to let.
A — PRINTED l!*t of houses to let; send for c!r-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A— HOUSES and Cats to let; an Immense list;
e-jrvioe absolutely free; take advantage of
this department: it will save you time ar.d
troubie. Cord** Furniture Co.. 245-259 Geary
i rv. on the square.
KEFORE tnrn-ir.g gft oar printed lirt of houses
to lft. BALDWIN & HOTVELL. C5 Pott et.
LOST AAD FOIAD.
LOST -¦-On Guerr«ro st. from Seventeenth to
Market to Van Ness ave, automobile start-
ing craTrk." large, painted yellow; re-turn "Na-
tional Automobile Co.. l'H Golden Gate ave.
and receive reward.
LOST — Pair cold frame glasses on Fillmore Ft.
betw«r. i'ir.e aci Onlifornia; please return to
i;"' ¦ KUlmore; reward.
LO^T — Roll of paper money, between Tuesday
and Thursday r.otjn trips, from 1030 G<ear>-
. to comer Market end Sixth sts. ; reward.
LIBERAL reward for return of small whita
spaniel: tan tars and spot?. 3032 Jarkson Ft.
F<"»l"ND — Sailboat. Inquire 220 Francisco
street. •
IT will pay to "'Remember" that the California
Watch Ca** Co., 220 Sutter St.. needs old
gold ar.S silver to make new -watch cases.
MEDICAL.
MR?. IjR. WYETH. specialist fcr a:i female
compiaintt; inetajjt rtljef guaranteed; SO
years' e%x>eriezxce; removed to 82$ Post st.
ilRS. IJR. KOHL, reliable specialist fcr all fe-
male troubles and irregaleritiet; lnstar.t re-
lief guaranteed. lOO^Vs Market et.. cpp. 5:h.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
in trouble consult this er>eeia;irt on female
complaints : positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the mott difficult cares treated;
advice free. Office. 1018 Market st.
Drs. G-oodsin. 733 Turk. nr. Von Ness — Expert
In obftetHe*, female complaints; inst. relief;
treatment $1O; hours. 10 io 5: 25 years exper.
SIRS. D.ALLEN. 1X1S Market— Reliable ladies'
cpecialiet; a iinvate home before and during
cocflacmcnt; best medical care; low fees.
A maternity \"il!a: private; eecladed; ccnSden-
tlal. Pr. E. Fucke. 1416 Eighth St.. Alameda.
DR. ROSEN resides 2905 Folsom «t.. corner
2Cth: ladies, relief or no fee; tlO.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 112C Market st.
DR. NG TOY KHE. Si9 Powell et.. opposite
L'nion fQuare : bII diseases cured by herbs.
ailSCELLAXEOLS — FOft SALE.
BOILERS, enjrine*. 2d-han(3 enachlnery. McIN-
TOSJI Ac WOLPMAN. 1&5-1&7 Fremont st.
DOES YOCB ROOF LEAK? "'
J: ; <i.r It with tlaterite; In rolls easy to lay;
r ••••..-. no painting or coaticg; good ever old
iron, tin or shingles; best for new roof 6. 1
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market gt. \
FOR rale — 225 !a:ing hcr.g, 220 chicks 2 months j
old. U) plseot.*, 2 Incubators, 3 brooders, j
hor*e, wegen, l.tigs}-, 2 sets harness, working j
:mplera*-ms. etc; place for rest. Inquire
LENQEMAN'S grr^ctry, Cth ave. S. a^d L st.
2O-TIAND wnilTiIrwij!. boilers, engines, pumps
pulleys, ehafting. etc.. etc.. bought, soli.
., rented r.nd exchansrwl ; see Sunday papers.
4 H. E- WHITE M'CH'Y CO.. 130-102 Beale Et.
A— Fine suits. f7 50; dress pants, $2 50. "origi-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlor*. '£l& X«arny st
acar i3uhh; cpen to 9 p. m.. Sunday to noon!
A— BUYS, sells cr rents *ear machinery en-
gines. boilers, water pij>e. ehaftlng. pulleys.
. *tc. H'lIITELATV". 253-253 Spear St.
•TiPEWRITERS. ellghtly uted. sold at cost;
r.ew L'ndervrood visible typewriter catalog
sect free. R. E. Revalk t Co.. San Fraaclsco.
TRY c'-r men's ehoea at tl and SI 50 pair-
foot-fcrm fhoes at $2 50; we pay express
chanres. 11 3d St.. Exam, bid.; catalog-, free.
ALTERATION fale— B*st |2 50 hats, Jl 50.
Popular Price Hatter. 320 Kearny Bt.. near
Pir.e; open to fl p. m. ; Sur.Says to noon.
IjISPOSING of Witte gas «ifflne«; 2 II. P.. 20 j
H. P.- attractive prices. The 'Tracy Engi-
ne^ring Co.. Ill Frfmor.t tt.. S. P.
THREE benutifu! co'-Uer Fpaniel pun?; 1 brown '
rrale; 2 female*. 70 City Hall ave.
ICO ME good «-cond-hand gasoline engines. 1 to t
12 II. P.. rheau. E. D. Beck & Co., 122 Mkt.
HLOT inschir.es cheap: Chlcatrc*. Twentieth
Centuries. Pucks. BACIGALUPI. S03 Mp-rket.
r;r:FKS and rafes; see the complete line at 18H
Market, cb. Van Ness. RICHARDSON BROS.
Z'nctir.p efflce. 3 C.&.V. prew»e«. motor, cutter.
tyr»e. fixture*: dclng cooa buslnc-ss. 29S6. Call.
t.AFHF— New and second hand. THE IIER-
MAKN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery et. ' - ,
A VERY f.r.e (JiaBiond heart fcr $210 at W. J. |
HKSTHAL'S. 10 Fixth gt. . j
SKW and teccn4 hand machinery- of all kisdi. i
KBOCH MNFG. CO.. Rl» Market St.
WO^¦ING pictures, rjacic Isnterns. sale, restai:
bargtins. Eullard & Breck. 131 Post ru.
MILKS ot vU» and fitting; all elzes El>
.GENE RILEY & SONS. 103 Vallejo tt.-.' '
New and fecond har.<l. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market rt.
AH bargain* ;camp stools ar.d fbnlrw; h.-tmmoclc«, !
metal b»d8.tr.attrr«x's. .T.F.Hott*-r.712 Mifwion. I
Cditon pbar.oerM.piis. records, supplies, movir.g I
p!ctur* machinee. Alms. Bzrigalupi. flSJ.Mkt.- j
GASOLINE ntftotk. autoa-.obMes and Uuncceit; !
all «lt«. 3. E. POAK. 40 Fremont «t. I
HEAI, -CITY—FOIl^SALE.
THOMAS.. -m-\oi:4-: -&'Po:;s,- — — -
¦ . REAL ESTATE AGENTS."
5 MONTGOMERY ST
' ¦ LARGE VAN NESS AVENUE CORNER, j
¦ Covered with good frame Improvements;
rents low*. $'&) a month i.ow ; . can be | In-
creased by Email expenditure: hrs also ths
advantage of being an excellent Pite for »
l.irsf family hotel or apartment house.
NEAR GEARY AND MASON,
75 feet front, running back to a rear street:
i nearly 15.000 square feet: excellent site for
stores and hotel; not a better buy In the
market.
. MODERN cottages; finished complete with
every convenience; easy terras; large lots."
'Ixjcated on Firsi and Second aves, bet.
Geary and McAllister st. cars and one block
north of t park. F. NELSON, builder.
15 PER cent on Investment: 2 new flats; Dor-
land St.; rents If 2 50 month: $4000 cash;
12500 at 6 ser cent.
$5500 — Store and flat, with cottage; good
stock of groceries and bar.
D. COFFIN & CO.. 3303 Mission st.
BUILD on. your unimproved realty; we loan
full cost Improv. and part lot at B per cent.
MANHATTAN I.OAN CO.. Crocker building.
ESTIMATES on plumbing work, new or old.
Ahlbach & Mayer, plumbers. 830 Howard st.
LOTS Ji or S side of Golden Gate Park, pur-
ch.wd. by W J. OUNN. S3P .California st.
REAL ESTATE— Conn try— -For 3bI>.'
A BARGAIN — f7500; 50 acres of -choice land,
¦ 5 miles- east of the city of Sa,n Jose: near
Alum * Rock Park . and 1 mile from eleetric
cars; 20 acres In resistant vines, 4' years old;
400 ai>i>!e, 800 aprlcct trees, v 4 years old; 3-
roonr house, barn. ¦well, etc.; must be sold;
term* If desired. Address JAMES BYRXE
JR., tJnlcn Depot and . Ferry fcldg,. city
$10 A MONTH buys a io^acre farm.
$200 profit per annum per acre. ¦ . ¦
Write for booklet. It's free. ,«8 J st. -
WRIGHT & KIMBROUGH. Sacramento. Cal.
ALFALFA lands, stock .ranches, orchards,
vineyards: inspected bargains; -monthly cata-
logues sent free. * C. M. WOOSTER CO.,' 648
Market st. .'.'¦.'•¦
FOR rent, near.. Hay wards, a , well Improved,
fruit or. chicken ranch; 10 acres. 3021 Shat-
tuck ave, Berkeley.
WATER, front lots and bargains; all' tracts;
maps, photos,' etc. BELL, 417' Parrott bldg.
REAL. ESTATE WANTED. j
COTTAGE or small flats: Western Addition;
price about S400O. Box 2S27. Call -offlc*. --.
BEKKELEY ADYERT'S'M'XTS
BERKCE LEY v REAL ESTATE, j ..
ONE" left; a Eplendld new home In Berkeley;
email , cash payment : remainder on Install-
ments • less than- rent. 1 S.' F, 'and S. Home
Bull-Ung Society. . 70S Market. st..- 5. F. ., ¦
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BBOADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$4700 ONLY for 2 fine flats In Oakland; rented
for $50 per month. P..C. LASSEXV & CO..
466 Tenth st:. Oakland. Cal.
A FINE 7-rocm house; must be sold this week;
good location*- easy terms. V. C. LASSEN
& CO.. 466 Tenth St.. Oakland. Cal.
OAKLAM) ROOMS TO LET.
i VEN'DOME AND GRAND HOTELS.
I 955J-i Washington and 610 Ninth sts., Oak-
] . land: furnished rooms en suite or single, with '
or without board; special rates to families.
£ATr£LAXD^FUR -\rrj^RJE^FOK^^ALE.
] TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furnl-
j ture. H. Schellhaas, 11th st.,cor.store.Oakland.
.PHYSICIANS AAD SURGEONiC .
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
10211/i Market ei;, bet. Cth and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, nkln ami rectal diseases a specialty -
DR. BALL. 1073K- Market st. .
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
I past four years at 115-117 Mason: now lo-
cated at (iC7 Geary St., near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY, successor to Dr. LI Po
Tai. herb <l->ctor. cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
DR. H. C. WONG, 710 Post St.; all diseases'
r . cured by Chinese herbs; consultation free.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — All" dis-
eases cured by Chlnege herbs. 740-8 Clay st.
__ ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AT Knickerbocker Apartments, 1340 Pins st.,
- near Hyde — Furnished 3-room t>ults: $30 up;
cteam heated,* electric lighted; free bath.
GEARY. 1933 — $,18; adults; 4 com. rooms; 2
beds, bath, toilet, stoves, coal and gas moves.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1404 — Front tunny bed- j
room; aleo rooms for housekeeping.
MCALLISTER, 1247 — Two or three furnished
rooms, with use of kitchen.
MODEL. HOUSE. 1206 Stockton St.— Newly fnr-
nished rooms, $5-$12; bath, gas. phone.
OAK, 117 — Sunny suite and single; complete
for housekeeping; adults; $1 25 to $3 week.
O'FARRELL. 018 — Sunny handsomely furnish-
ed Derlor floor of 4 rooms.
TEHAMA. 326 — li nice large sunny housekeep-
j- ing rooms; kltcaen, bedroom and front room;
private entrance. "
THE CRAGBURN. 1007 Larkln St., cor. Post—
- Sunny furnished apartments; also single
rooms; rent reasonable.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch of flee.. 2200 Fillmora.
A. BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. •
APJJJtTMEHT HOUSES.
~~- AIONTCLAIR APARTMENTS.
Corner Pine and Taylor sts.: beautiful new
modern apartments; all Eunny corner suites;
furnished or unfurnished; none superior; ma-
rine view. LYON & HOAG. 110 Montgomery.
ST." LOUIS.'. 1573 Jackson ct.— Modern 3-4-5
rooms, also single; furnished or unfurnished;
marine view; now cpen; references.
• ~ HADDON HALL,
• ¦ B51 EDDY ST. REFERENCES.
ROOMS TO LET — Ftirn. and Unfarn,
AURORA, corner Second and Folsom sts. — New
house, new furniture; every room outside;
modern and sunny; prices . from $1 50 per
week. up; this Is the only up-to-date house in
this vicinity; first-class grill attached.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth St.— Rooms
2.->e to $1 per night, $1 25 -to $5 per week and
light. housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ASHWORTH, 320 Mason st, bet Geary and
Po»t — Suite and sinzle rooms with op with-
out private bath: sun In rooms all day.
AT.'rrbe -Almonte," 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth Bt.)— Rooms. 25c. 50c, $1, $1 SO night;
$1 50 to $10 week: house open all night.
BURNETtT 1426 -Market <old>No.- 1364)— Fur-
rooms, .suite, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ell's, corner Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny -rooms; prices reasonable.
CALIFORNIA. 1255 — Sunny furnished rooms,
single aud for housekeeping; reasonable.
GRAND Southern, -7th and Mission — Rooms 50c
: to $1 50 night; $1 to |3 week; reading-room.
HARRISON. GC.l— Two newly furnished, sunny,
large front rooms.
LAOUNA and McAllister. St. James flat— SunV
ny single room. ¦-,¦• -.-?» '.:¦¦''',
LARKIN. 81« B— Small, light room, large halt,
closet, bath and phone; reasonable.
NINTH. 110 (Glllespie)— Nicely furnished room<
$1 50 to $2 f>0 per week; COc td 75c per r.lght.
POWELL. .117— Sunny front suite for dector or
dentist; also other furnished rooms.
SUNNY front rooms, en suite or single; gen-
- tlemen; private: reasonable. .132 A 14th at.
S1*TTER.'23G — The Crane — Elegantly furnished
- rooms: downtown; suite or single: $10 up.
TAYLOR, Oir.B— Handsome . parlor suite; pi-
ano, batb: $15; smaller'Eunny room, §10.
I UNITED STATES*. 123 Eddy «t.. nr. Market—
400 Flngle and family rooms; o.'o .to $1 night;
$1 75 to$C week;- elevator: electric lights-
reading-room; frte bus' and baggage. - •¦•-';
VAN NESS. 019 — Handsome eunny furnlsh-d I
. suites and single rooms; all conveniences. •
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St., near Market—
; Moet. convenient and respectable: 700 rooms*
VZc to $1.50. night: $2. to $3 week; elevator •'
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received, at
Call. Branch office. cor.Duncan & Church, sts.
A BRANCH "office of< TbV Call for tne • recep-
tion of' advertisements and subscriptions bas
been ot»ned at 1008 Market at. opposite
Flfili. - rwi, .until 11 ti m.- . *• .
I cember 1. 1903, by John J. Van Noetrand,
Justice of the Peace, Albert MacDonald and
Helen Cranston,' both of San Francisco. ; .
DIED. '
.-.Abrams, Joseph Holland, Edward ¦
Angell, Catheriae M. . Keane, Edward if
Ash, Louis T. Kenney, Mary . .
Bennes, Emma ' - Lannon, Ellsabtth J.
Black, John A. ' McCarty, Jo&ephlne
Blumenthal, Max ' McNamara, John J.
Boyle, Daniel . Mueller, William.
Browning, John N. Nelson. Charles B.
.... Calhoun, Captain R. 'O'Neill, Rev. Thos.*
I - Darrow,. Henry W. Schutt, Anna I*.
» Farrell, Ann tiimpson. Jan.es
Fitzgerald, Walter Smith, Helen : .
Foley, Joseph D. litewart, Frances A.
Oallafent, Bernard Wallas, Johanna
Hlnton, Henry Welcker, Henrietta
Holbeck, Matt 4 .
"ABRAMS— In this city. December 0, 1503. Jo-
seph Abrams." beloved son of Harriet Woolf."
I and brother of Mrs. M. A. Fisher of Sacra-
; mento. Miss Rose Woolf and Herbert Woolf,
1 a native of. Boston, Mass., aged 40 years. 1
| ; - month and 17 days.
iTT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
¦" fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
Thecdor Dierks. 957 Mission street, between
Fifth and Sixth, and thence by 11:30 a. m.
train to New Salem Cemetery for Interment.
ANGELL — In this city, December 0, 1903.
! Catherine M. Dora, beloved wife of Horace
i B. Angell, and mother of Otis B., Chester
< • L., Emily M. and Idclla F. Angell and Mrs.
C. F. Moulthorp of Alaroeda, Cal., a native
! of HanQver, Germany, aged 72 years U
| months and-t* days._
i tC7Frlends aud acquaintances are respect-
! fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday.
' December 12, 1903. at l:ao o'clock, from her
1 late residence, 2200 Howard street, corner of
: 'Eighteenth. * Interment' Cyoriss Lawn Ceme-
i tery, 'by electric funeral, car from corner of
. Eighteenth and Guerrero streets at 2 o'clock.
Kindly omit flowers.
ASH — In' th.'s city, December 10, 1003. Louis
- T., beloved - son of the late Thomas P. and
'¦¦ '.Mary-Afh, and brother of George Ash and
Mrs. Lena Creagh, n native of . San Fran-
cisco, aged 31 years «' months and ¦ 30 days.
j -. . C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morraw
: - (Saturday), ' at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
* _of Valente, .Marini & Co., : 1524 Stockton
street. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
BENNES — In this: cltj-.. December 0, 1903,
Enima Bonncf, a native of Switzerland, aged
20 years. ¦ . -.. ¦ .
BLACK— In thl3 city. Dectmber 0, 1903, John
. A. Black, beloved brother of » Mrs. Joseph
Baker • and William ! Black, a nati\-e of
.. Philadelphia, aged 47 years 7. months and 0
• days. ¦ . • - - - ...
¦ ¦ C7" Friends and acquaintances 'are respect-
Sully .invited to ; attend the funeral to-day
,; (Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
* H. F. Suhr & Co-. 1137 Mlssi&n street. l)e-
tween Seventh and Eighth. -Interment pri-
-vate, I. Ol O. .F. Cemetery. ¦
BLUMENTHAL— In this city,: December 10.
1903. Max. beldvtd husband of Rlcka Blu-
:¦: inenthal. and .beloved -father of Mrs.- Annie
; . Kohn. Mrs. Theresa MorrU and Roeie, Fran-
; S ties, * Albert,. Herbert, Stella 'and Charley
; Blumenthal, a native - of .Germany, aged (57
years 3 months and ,ltt days.
¦ BOYLE-^-In the City and County Hospital,
i December 10,. 1903. Daniel Boyle, a native
of Ireland.-' aged 67 /years. ' . . i
BROWNING— In this- city, December'lO, 1903,
: . John N.. beloved son of William and Sophie
1 • Browning, and brother of Mrs. C Mangels,
Mrs. C. Meussdorffer and, Dr. ' William F.
; Browning, a native of San Francisco, aged
46 years 11 months and 4 days.
1 : ICJ^Funtfral and Interment .strictly . private.
CALHOUN— In this eity, December 0, 1903,
• -Captain' Rufus -Calhoun, -husband of. Mrs.
Sarah Calhoun of Port Townsend, ¦ -Wash.,
and father of Mrs. J. M. E. Atkinson of
Seattle, Wash., Isaac P. Calhoun of Kent,
Wash., and Rufus and Captain George S.
Calhoun. a native of New Brunswick, aged
75 years and 3 months. (Seattle and Port
Townsend papers please copy.)
EyThe funeral services will take place to-
day (Friday), at 10:30 o'clock, at the funeral
parlors of Bunker & Lum, 2C4>tt Mission
street. Mission Masonic Temple, between
Twenty-second and Twenty-third streets. In-
terment private. -
DARROW— In this city, December 10, 1903.
Henry W. Darrow, husband of Lottie Dar-
row, a native of New York, aged 70 years
11 months and IS days. (New York and
Wisconsin papers please copy.)
EyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 303 \<i Devlsadero street. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
FARRELL — In this city, December 10, 1903,
at her residence. 45S Natoma street, Ann
Farrell, beloved wife of the late James Far-
rell, a native of County Longford, Ireland.
(New York. Dublin and Longford papers
please copy.)
(n7"lntennent private. Pleas; omit flow-
ers. ."".*¦;.¦
FITZGERALD— In thla . city. December 10.
11)03. Walter M.. beloved Infant son of Mau-
' rice J. and Alda M. Flfigerald, a native of
San Francisco, aged 1 year a"hd 7 months.
FOLEY — In this city, December 0, 1!M«, Jo-
seph D., beloved son of David and the late
Catherine Foley, and loving brother of Ma-
mie and Thomas' C, Foley, a native of San
Francisco, aged 28 years and 12 days.
E7Friends "and acquaintances ajxf resp?ct-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at O o'clock, from his late resl-
- denee, 14 Yerba Buena street, thence to St.
Mary's (Paulist) Church, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
, Cross Cemetery.
GALLA»£NT-^In this city, December 0, 1903,
Bernard, beloved husband or Elizabeth Gal-
lafent, a native of England, aged 55 years. -. .
(KT" Friends and acquaintances aie respect-
fully invited to attend funeral services to-
day (Friday), December 11, 1903, at 1:30
"o'clock, at the chapel of Charles H. J.
Truman & Co.. 1900 Mission street, between
Fifteeuth and Sixteenth. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by carriage.
HINTON — In Haywards, December 6, 1903,
Henry Klnton. father of Thomas and W. O.
Hlnton and Mrs.- Maggie Brown, aged SS
years and 9 months.
HOLBECK— In this city, December 10. 1003,
Matt, beloved . son of Nels and Lena. Hol-
beck, a native of Germany, aged 20 years
• 10 / months' and 11 days.
HOLLAND — In San Leandro, Thurs>day, De-
cembfr 10, 1903, Edward Holland, beloved
¦ husband of Hannah Holland, and father of*
E. J. Holland and Mrs. J. H. Garcia, a na-
tive of County Cork, Ireland, aged 81 years
and 15 days. ,
(E7 Friends and acquaintances are Invited
to attend the funeral Saturday, December 12,
from his late residence, thence to St. Lean-
der's Church, whero a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of bis soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
KEANE — In Tucson. Arizona, De<v>mber — ,
1903, Edward J. Keane, son of Patrick and
Nora Keant.- and brmher of George, James,
Gertrude and Florence Keane.
KENNEY-Jn this city, December 10, W03,
Mary, beloved wife of the , late Edward
Kenney, sister of Catherine Treacy. aunt
of Mrs. Delia Mclnerney, Mrs. Ellen Mat-
tocks and John Lynch, and etccmother of
David and Thomas Kenney. a native of
County Clare, Ireland, aged 50 years.
LENNON— In Red Bluff, December 8, 1D03. ,
Elizabeth J'. wife of Edward F. Lennen,
mother of Mrs. A. W. Smith ot Shlnglc-
town anrl Jessie Lennon of Red Bluff, and
¦ niece of Mrs. Elizabeth Hancock, a native of '
California, nncd 45 years.
Cy The funeral will take place to-day
(Friday), at - o'clock, frojn tho residence of
her aunt. Mr*. Elizabeth Hancock, 1S3(> l
Turk street. Interment private.
McCARTY— In this city. December 0, 1903,
. Jcsephlne, be.loved wife of John McCarty,
and mother of Andrew, William, John H.
'.nnd the late Josephine McCarty, ¦' a native ct
. ¦ County Limerick, Ireland, . ag:d r>{> years
and -'X months. (New York papers please
copy.)
. ETFrlends and acquaintances are resp:ct-
" fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 0 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1340 Webster strest,' thence to Holy
Cross Church, where a requiem hlsh mass
¦ will be celebrated . for the repose of her soul
at 0:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ccme-
' tery. -
McNAMARA-r-In this city. December f>. l!)03.
John J., bvloveil son of Patrick and the late
Bridget Mc.Vamarn. and dearly, beloved
brother cf James, Dfll, Annie, Mantle and
'Patrick McNamara, Mrs. D. Rlley, Mrs. J.
Miller and the late. Roger V. McNamara,
- a native oC Son Francisco. A 'member of
Company L, First ¦ California Volunteers.
(Fall -River, Maps., papers please copy.>
. £7 Friends and acquaintances! are rcsptct-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 07 Conv*T«e street,' thenco to St.
Joseph's Church, " where a solemn requiem :
mass will bo celebrated for the repose of
" his eoul, commencing at 10 o'clock. "Inter-:
' ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MUELLER— In Cameron, Colo., Dccembc- J>, '
1908, i William, son of William and the late
Louis"./ Mueller, and brother of Charles and
Louis Mueller and Mrs. E. V. Atkinson, a
» native. -of San; Francisco, asred 33 years. -,-.-. ;¦•
NELSON— In this city. December 0. lfKK,
Charles B. Nelson, ; a native of «¦ Denmark,
aged 2S years. • ¦>
O'NEILL— In this city. December 10, 1003. the
Rev. Thomas O'Neill, O. P., a native of
¦Dungannon,- Ireland, aged 71 years and 10
months. re'*!§35S. I ai*$*fS "\ - ¦¦
(C7 A solemn j requiem ma?s , will be sung !
for - the - repose ¦ of his ssul Saturday, at .10 '¦
. o'clock, at St. Dotninlc's Church, Bush -and
Eteiner streets. The clergy are Invited with-
¦ out further -notice. Interment will take
• , place ' in ' Benicia • Sunday ¦ mornlnj. j
SCHUTT— In this tlty, * December 10, - 100.1,
'.-¦ Anna B. " Schutt, beloved wife of John H.
-¦¦ Sch\Ut, and mother of Henry Schutt,-; a na-
HEN3Y J. CALL ACHES C<J.
' (Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher.! '.
• DANIEL P. -DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNI'.RAL DIRECTORS AND EMUALMERS.
20 Fifth -. st.. opposite Lincoln . Scaool.
. ..': '" Telephone South 80. - :
UNITED UNDERTAKBRS.
¦. Funoral Directors and Embalmers. '-.
•' Formerly -' In ' MetroDolltan Temple," "
Now: at SCO • MISSION, -Tel. South 167.
Between Fourth ¦ and j Fifth. ¦ near Fifth ¦ st. '
Finest "¦ Equipments . at Moderate Rates.
tlve of Dtesenhofen, Canton Thurgan, Swtti-
- crland, aged CJ. years. ; . .
BIMP6ON— In this city, December 10, 1903,
. Jamt f , dearly beloved husband of* Rose Simp-
son, and father of Mrs. S. Lord of Maripoea
County. Mrs. W. D. Leaby, Mrs. W. . J.
Reynolds, Mrs. L.H. Garrod and \J.' J. and
T. A. Simpson of San Francisco, a native ot
Ireland, aged 70 years and. 5 months. (San
J<s*. ilerced and Mariposa County papers
please copy.)
CT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1U:3O o'clock, from his late
residence, SoS^j Harrison street, thence to
St. Patrick's Church for serrte:s. commenc-
ing st II o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
SMITH— In this city. Deeember a, 1003, Helen,
beloved wife of Charles Smith, ,and sister of
Mrs. Mary Ann Martin and John Smithf a
native of San Francisco, aged 47 years,
E7The funeral will take place to-day
(Friday), at 0:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. a* Connor & Co., 7B7 Mission street,
thence to St. Brendan's Church for services
at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
STEWART— In this city. December 8, 1003,
Frances A.; widow of the late T. T. Stew-
art, aged 7t> years. (New Orleans and Can-
andaigua, N. Y.. papers please copy.) ,
• cy Funeral and inurment private.
WALLAS— In this city. December 0. 1903. Jo-
hanna, beloved wife of. the late Hiram Wal-
las, and devoted mother of Mrs. Dagmar
Berry and Matilda. Werner and Julius Wal-
las, a native of Finland, aged 57 yean 4
months and 24 days. '. • -
(E7"Friends and acquaintances . are respect-
fully lnvitsd to attend the funeral Saturday.
Deeember 12, 1SKM, at 12 o'clock, from her
late residence, 1329 De Haro street, between
Tv/snty-fourth and Twenty-flfth. take Twen-
ty-fourth-street car running east, thence to
the chapel of Charles H. J. Truman & Co..
190ft Mission street, between Fifteenth and
Sixteenth, where services will be held at 1:30
o'clock under the auspices of the United Cali-
fornia Finn Sisterhood. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery by carriage. .
WELCKER — In Berkeley, Henrietta Welcker.
daughter of tbe late Colonel William T.
Welcker and of Katy Adalr Welcker, a na-
tive of California. •
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
"> Friday, December 11, 1003: at 2 o'clock, at
St. Mark's Church, Berkeley. •
[SBc DrwR,L.WaIsh
JlrS&Vv an restate! dinUl fruiln
!•*¦•*¦: 847 Geary St
' tirtst'y oppoiltB S»r»t«g» Hall
Reduced Rates for Thirty Days
Painless Extraction . . ... 25c
Fillings ............ 50c
Crowns . . . . . . $2.00 to $3.00
Fl3te Work . . . $5.00 to $25.00
LOOK FOX THIS AD. EACH OTHSB DAT.Buyers of Christmas Presents
Should visit Andrews' Diamond Palace,
221 Montgomery street, and Bee the large
stock of diamonds, watches and Jewelry
at lowest prices. , Open evenings. •
Judge Hanford Coming.
United; States District Judge C. H.
Hanford- of, Seattle. Wash., ; ,\vill arrive
here on Monday to preside; over, the
United States' Circuit Court during the
absence of United States Circuit: Judge
Morrow. Judge : Morrow, is expected : to
return about January 1.
Issue License for Xew Bank.
The Board of Bank Commissioners
issued a license yesterday for the es
tablishment of the Bank, of San Di
mas. The new institution, which is
capitalized at $50,000, will open its
doors for business January 2. The
bank officers are W. A. Johnstone,
president; D. C. Teague, vice presi
dent, and J. P. Roberts, treasurer,
secretary and cashier.
Vernon Pleads Guilty.
Richard 13. Vernon . pleaded guilty
in Judge Dunne's court yesterday to a
charge of grand .larceny and was or
dered to appear to-morrow for sen
tence. He was employed as a bellboy
at the Colonial Hotel, Pine and Jones
streets, and on September 28 broke
open the trunk of Walter Beck, the
porter, and stole Beck's gold watch
and other articles, including a' book
showing a deposit of $250 in the:Hl
bernia.Bank.
Stenographers Wanted.
The United States Civil Service Com
mission announces that an examina
tion for the position of stenographer
and typewriter in the United States
and Philippine services will be held at
San Francisco on January 5. The only
other cities on the Pacific Coast where
this examination will be held are Seat
tle and Portland. Age limit, United
States service, 18 years or over; Philip
pine service, 18 to 40 years. This exam
ination is open to males arid females,
but males are preferred. Salaries range
from $840 to $1200 per annum, and in
the Philippine service at $1200 to $1/00
per annum. Apply to the United States
Civil Service Commission, Washington,
D. C, or to the secretary of the Con
solidated Board Civil Service Exam
iners, 301 Jackson street, San Fran
cisco, for application form S04 for the
United States service and form 2 for
the Philippine service, which should be
properly executed and filed with the
commission at Washington. Applicants
may apply for both services.
Edwnrd Morgan Hcrrera, Captured by
Detective Cody, Admits .That He
Embezzled Money.
Edward Morgan Herrera, formerly a
clerk in the governmental paymaster's
office at Valparaiso, Chile, was arrested
yesterday by Police Detective Cody and
turned over to the Federal authorities
on the request of the Consul for Chile.
Herrera is charged with having embez
zled $1050 from his Government. The
prisoner admitted his . guilt and ex
pressed his willingness to be taken back
to Valparaiso for trial. First Assistant
United States District Attorney Ban
ning filed a complaint against Herrera
for extradition.
There is no extradition treaty be
tween Chile and the United States,
but refugees from each country are ex
tradited as a matter of international
comity whenever the defendant does
not make a fight in the courts. Her
rera has spent almost all the money
he stole in Valparaiso, and says he has
no further use for residence in the
United States.
CLERK FROM VALPARAISO
TO GO BACK FOR TRIAL
Rebekah Minstrels.
Jubilee Lodge of the Rebekah branch
of the Odd Fellows will give a min
strel entertainment to its members and
friends in Scottish Hall this evening.
Ladies' Hats.
Over 200 hats, very latest. models, at
greatly reduced prices.' Lease expires
Feb. :l. Entire stock sacrificed. Mme.
Dosch, 207 Post street. ; - * - T- »
CHICAGO. Dec. 10. — The police to-day ceased
their search for little Georgiana Andros. the
seven-year-old child taken - from the Goethh
school by her father, Lewis Andros, yesterday.
It developed to-day that the child was taken
on the advice and with the help of an attor
ney.
Successor to Dallemagne, Local Rep
resentative of French Government,
r Arrives ¦• l«*rom Paris.
E. Lanel of Paris, who has been ap
pointed French Consul General to this
port to succeed Henry Dallemagne, re
cently removed to Spain, arrived in
this city last evening and is registered
at the Palace Hotel. The new French
official comes direct from Paris, where
for a number of years he has been
connected with the Foreign Office as
one of its directors.
Consul General Lanel is compara
tively a young man, but familiar with
the affairs of the West, to Which he
has journeyed with full confidence of
receiving the support of the entire
local French colony in the administra
tion of the affairs of his office. Short
ly after his arrival last evening he
started out with a friend to see the
city, remarking that he was eager to
get acquainted with his new surround
ings and did not desire to waste any
time -In doing so.
v "It is a trifle too early for me to
make any statement regarding my fu
ture policy in this city," said' he in re
sponse to an inquiry relative to his
plans. "I have riot even met the mem
bers of the French colony % or .the
chancellor of . the consulate. It will
be several days before I will be ready
to enter upon my official duties."
The French people of the city will
give the new Government representa
tive a reception within the next week.
CONSUL GENERAL LANEL
TO ASSUME DUTIES HERE
Elected Potentate.
After a spirited election by the mem
bership of Islam Temple. Ancient Ara
bic Order of Nobles of the Mystic
Shrine, last Wednesday night Major
George Filmer. captain of the Arab
Patrol, was elected illustrious potentate
by a majority of 108.
Christmas Presents.
Dress suit cases, traveling sets, pocket
and bill "books, cigar and card cases,
wrlRt bajrs and lnp tablets all make flue
Christmas t>rei?ents. and can be bought
at popular prices from Sanborn, Vail &
Co.. 741 Market street. •
Illegality of Emergency Tax.
City Attorney Lane yesterday ad
vised the Board of Supervisors that
it will be unwise to accept the deter
mination of the Superior Court that
the so-called emergency tax for new
schoolhouses and hospital is invalid
until such time as the bonds recently
voted for the some improvements
have been sold and money obtained
with which the work contemplated
can be done.
The Goverwjr of the State of Califor
nia and the Mayor of San Francisco
are embroiled. Governor Pardee claims
the appointing power to name the suc
cessor to Percy V. Long, who was re
cently elected City Attorney in place of
Justice of the Peace, which he now fills.
Both dignitaries are striving for the
appointment, and each Is uncertain of
his ground. .Under a recent decision
of the Supreme Court it appears that
the -county of Stin Francisco has en
tirely lost its identity in the city of San
Francisco. This gives the Mayor the
power of appointment, but there are
several aspirants -who say that previous
decisions of the Supreme Court will
bear them out- in the claim that the
Governor has power to- appoint in this
case.
Governor Pardee's attorneys were not
ready to render & decision yesterday.
Abe Ruef, in the absence of the Mayor,
¦who went to Stockton last evening,
thought, that Mayor Schmitz had "the
appointing power for^the new Justice
of the Peace. ; .
The appointment is much sought for
and "is regarded as a political plum.
Whether Mayor or Governor shall hand
it out is a matter of moment to politi
cians.
Miss Anna Gorman, soubrette and
witness for the defense in the divorce
suit of Maude Amber against Puerl
Wilkerson, now on trial before Supe
rior Judge Murasky, refused to testify
yesterday until she received the 52
due her as witness fees. Attorney New
brough, representing Wilkerson, was
put in a condition of temporary finan
cial embarrassment. He reached into
his pocket and besides his keys
brought up only 90 cents. Another
reach brought only a knife. Miss
Gorman shook her head and kept her
lips shut. Newbrough borrowed $1 10
from a friend, gave the young woman
the $2, and the case proceeded.
Judge Murasky's courtroom re
sembled a matinee performance when
the theatrical bunch lined up to par
ticipate in Miss Amber's divorce suit.
There was a soubrette on the stand, a
collection of them under Miss Amber's
wing, and only a few feet away, in
the front chairs of the courtroom, the
baldheaded fraternity stood out in
bold contrast to ' the dreamy-eyed
sweet things with the picture bonnets.
Every one expected that something
sensational was about to occur
in the chamber of justice, but they
waited and waited in vain for the
startling thing that didn't make an
entrance.
During the day two chorus girls and
Miss Amber mounted the stand and
the deposition of Samuel Davies, a
Seattle landlord, was taken, but there
was no sensational testimony. Attor
ney Newbrough, acting for Wilkerson,
asked for a nonsuit, but Judge Mu
rasky overruled the motion.
WORE PIXK PAJAMAS.
Mrs. Ovita Hawes, the star of Wed
nesday's proceedings, was hurried to
the stand as soon as court "opened. On
cross-examination by Newbrough she
related some stories that were very
much the same as the ones she told on
the previous day about the conduct of
Wilkerson and Miss Myrtle Rosedale.
In addition, she told of calling at the
apartments of Miss Rosedale in a Ma
son street hotel and finding Wilker
son there.
The girl, according to Mrs. Hawes,
was attired in pink pajamas and
looked "too sweet." The pair re
ceived Mrs. Hawes cordially and she
stated that Wilkerson asked her not
to tell his wife about the incident,
adding, "I have always been a good
friend of yours."
Next the deposition of Davles was
taken. He swore that the three mem
bers of the "Fiddle Dee Dee" company.
Mrs. Hawes, Miss Rosedale and Miss
Gorman, occupied apartments at his
place on Third avenue, and that he had
often seen Miss Rosedale entering t»nd
leaving Wilkerson's room in negligee
attire. .
Maude Amber Wilkerson was then
put on the stand. She swore that she
had heard lumors of her husband's
misconduct fully a year ago, but she
had no proof of their truth till last
summer, when, she said, she was re
liably informed concerning it.
MISS GORMAN IS WISE.
Then Miss Anna Gorman swished up
to the important seat far the defense.
She is a winsome mite, but confident
and not afraid to speak her mind.
As soon as she was sworn the young
woman informed Attorney Newbrough
that a little coin would please her.
"Two for me, please; I always get my
witness fees in advance," quoth she.
Newbrough went through his pockets,
but he only had 90 cents. He hastily
surveyed the ground and finally nego
tiated the amount, and the trial went
on.
Miss Gorman contradicted everything
that Mrs. Hawes had said on the pre
vious day. According to the shrewd
little soubrette, Wilkerson had always
acted in a proper manner toward Miss
Rosedale and the other girls of the
company, and never once did Miss
Rosedale leave her apartments during
the many nights they spent on the road
in the Northwest.
Attorneys Humphreys for the plain
tiff and Xewbrough for the defendant
occupied much time in legal tilts dur
ing "the afternoon session. The trial
will be resumed on Saturday morning
at 9:30 o'clock.
The many accusations that have been
hurled against Captain John F. Mad
den by his wife, Mrs. Edith Partello
Madden, against whom he brought suit
for divorce some time ago, have at last
caused him to break the gallant silence
he has maintained since the filing of
his original complaint Yesterday he
filed an amended complaint that direct
ly charges the fair defendant with In
fidelity and for the first time the name
of Lieutenant Hector A. Robichon, who
was court-martialed for his alleged
misconduct with Mrs. Madden, has been
connected with the Superior Court end
of the case.
Attorney Charles K. Moser filed the
amended complaint in which the young
army officer is named as the man who
caused the rift in the matrimonial hap
piness of the Maddens, and the man
upon whom Mrs. Madden has said to
have lavished a large part of her af
fections during the absence of her hus
band in the Philippines.
The amended complaint contains the
allegations that Mrs. Madden was too
friendly with Robichon at the Benicia
Barracks and that he was visited by
the pretty defendant while he occupied
quarters at the United States General
Hospital at the Presidio. It is also
alleged that she spent a great deal of
time in his company in this city and
other parts of the State. From July
1, 1902, to July 1 of this year it Is al
leged Mrs. Madden gave freely of her
love to the dashing infantryman.
OTHER MEX FAVORED.
Robichon, according to the amended
complaint, is not the only one who has
enjoyed Mrs. Madden's favors since her
marriage to Madden at FortMcPher
son, Ga. "Other men, whose names are
unknown to the plaintiff," are alleged
to have been established in her good
graces.
In this new document Madden also
asks to be awarded the custody of the
child born to them a little more than
a year ago. The little one is now un
der the care and control of Madden's
parents.
W. A. Samuel, butcher, wants a di
vorce from Catherine Samuel on the
ground of cruelty. He says that for
years he has been a much-abused man,
and that for many months his wife
would speak to him only when she
wanted money. He accuses her also
of taking the savings" of years and
denying him a share in them. She con
tracted debts," he says, refused to pay
them out of the Income from their
community property and finally caused
his butcher shop to be attached. .He
also charges that one night a short
time^ago he came home'with his brother
and his wife refused to give him any
thing to eat but tea and bread and that
she gave to his brother large portions
of. cold ham and numerous delicacies.
The Samuels were married twenty
three years ago and have four chil
dren, only one of whom, however, is
under age.
MORE WARRING COUPLES.
Mildred M. Gardner is seeking a di
vorce from John R. Gardner - of 933
Eddy street on the grounds of cruelty
and neglect. She says that though he
has an income of $220 a month he has
not provided for her since last June,
when, without giving her any explana
tion, he packed up his wearing apparel
and left her. She further charges that
almost continuously since their mar
riage in July, 188^, he has used vile
language toward her and that once, in
the year 1899, in the presence of her
mother, he struck her.
Suits for divorce were also filed by
Josephine H. Adams against Joseph H.
Adams for neglect, Gustave Lindee
against Nita Stone Lindee for deser
tion and Olivet" Blote against Frederick
Blote for neglect.
Interlocutory decrees of divorce were
granted to Kstella Fitzgerald from W.
H. Fitzgerald for cruelty and Fannie
Forsen from Ferdinand Forsen for
cruelty.
'. A temporary injunction was secured
yesterday from Superior Judge Muras
ky restraining the Board of State Har
bor Commissioners from carrying into
effect the decision and order made on
December 3, by which the permits of
L. Scater.a & Co., Wolf &¦ Sons, Wet
more Bros, ar.d McDonough & Runyon
to sell perishable products on the.
State's property in this city were re
voked. Attorney J. B. Reinstein ap
peared for the firms mentioned. A part
of one complaint, the four being'iden
tical in general terms, is as follows:
That by the terms of the said application,
act and permit said permit was and is valid
for the period of ono year from and next after
said date of the issuance of said permit. That
by the terms of said application, and permit
eaid permit shall not be revoked, canceled or
annulled, except upon a hearing by and before
said board In the matter of said revocation,
cancellation or annullment and after the giving
of uuo notice to all parties concerned. That
pursuant to the terms of eald permit and ac
cordance therewith the said plaintiff, imme
diately after the issuance and delivery thereof
as aforesaid, preceded to and did sell upon
certain portions of the property of said State,
subject to the Jurisdiction of 6aid' board, per
ishable products, and made such sales regu
larly and continuously up to and including th«
od day cf December, 1903, and desires to con
tinue such business..
That eald plaintiff ha« never received any
notice of any violation by it of the provisions
cr agreements contained in said application or
permit or act, and that no hearing has ever
been had concerning any such violation.
-That plaintiff has never violated the, or any
of . the terms or provisions of said application,
act or permit. • ' ¦ ~c r-
That nevertheless, on December 3, 1 1003,' at
said city and county of San Francisco, the
said defendants, acting; as Euch Board of Har
bor Commissioners, and the said board, wrong
fully and unlawfully and without any right or
reason and without any notice or hearing what
soever, made an order of said board revoking,
canceling and annulling said permit to said
plaintiff, and on December 4, 1903. sent to said
plaintiff a letter which was received by said
plaintiff on December 4, 1903, wherein and
whereby said board notified said plaintiff that
the said permit ¦ granted to said plaintiff, to
sell perishable products on said property was
revoked s and canceled. That said board has
notified said plaintiff not to eel! any perish
able products on any of the property of > the
State of California.
Notice of the suits was served upon
the members of the Board of State
Harbor Commissioners yesterday after
noon. Prior to thts the board had sent
out u notices to four otner wholesale
firms to appear next Tuesday morning
to answer to a complaint contained in
an affidavit made by N. Fundas. The
firms so notified are L. G. Sresovich &
Co., Garcia & Maggini, Mitchell &
Goodall ar.d G. Berti & Co.
Question* Arises by Merging of
County %nd City, as Decided
by the - Supreme Court
Accuses Wife of Receiving
Attentions of Many Others
Whose Names Are Unknown
Soubrette Demands Her Fee
From Defendant's Attorney
Before Giving Her Testimony
Commissioners Cite Several
Other Concerns to Answer
Charges Made Against Them
CAPTAIN BREAKS SILENCE
LONG'S PLACE THE PLUM
PLAINTIFF TAKES STAND
ASK AID OF THE COURTS
Both Governor Pardee and
Mayor Schmitz Would Ap
j points a Justice of the Peace
First Step to Make Test of
Woodward Law Is Taken by
Firms Deprived of Permits
Tell Conflicting Tales Eegard
ing the Alleged Gay Conduct
of 3Iaude Amber's Spouse
Madden Xames the Lieutenant
as Co-respondent in His Suit
for Divorce for Infidelity
HIGH OFFICERS
CLAIM POWER
CHORDS GIRLS
AS WITNESSES
PLACES BLAME
ON ROBIGHON
HARBOR BOARD
IS ENJOINED
T:HE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY . DECEMBER u, 1903.
16
ADVERTISEMENTS.
',»..¦.•«»»««• «.
! Oriental Goods j
\ At Wholesale Prices 1
? 1
? • 1
? We Offer Oar Entire Extra 71s* Col- '
t lecUoa of
Oriental Rugs!
AND CURTAINS
jj At 25 Per Cent I
; 1 Slsoosat ;<om rernlar retail prices.
< We are sol* agent* for
9 JOHN CROSSLEY 5 SON'S
ENGLISH CARPETS
IChasJI.Plum&Co.
\ Cor. 9th and Market Sts.
,- • -
»«¦¦«. ««««». « « m
I m wmm C9 mm B9 Bbm
Triflay. Saturflay. Saturday Biffht.
OPEN EVENINGS.
HOLIDAY GROCERIES AND LIQUORS.
BUTTER ft 37ic
Melrcme brand. Good, ewett creamery butter.
WORLDS FAip TOOTHPICKS, 10c pkg. 5c.
Good Resell Egrg-i, dozen 40c
Large white. Guaranteed reliable.
FANCY RICHMOND EGGsTdoz.. S5c.
20c Table Fruits, 3-!b. cans 14c
Outt!ng"e 'xira fanci', ijeacheR. r>ears, aprl-
crte. In heavy syrup. Assorted, dozen. $l.CS.
CEPT K\CT, POPCQRy, lQc pound. Sc.
35o Coffee, Best Java and Mocha, lb. .25c
• Rtch brown In color. Full flavor In strength.
GOLDEN DATES, package. 5c.
6Oc Teas, All Kinds. 3 lbs $1.00
Engllrh Breakfast, uncolored Japan, green
Oolong. Ceylon cr mixed. Single pound. 3Sc.
30c bar FREN'CH CASTILE SOAP, 22c.
Mixed Kuts, lb 15 C
Beft quaJlty. Large and meaty. Worth 20c.
nXN'AX. HAPPIES, pound. 15c.
Dollar "Whisky, qt. bottle 730
All brandi— Old- Crow, Hermitage, Old Ca«-
tl-. Monogram. McBrayer. All good and 27c
e&ved.
XXX TABLE CLARET, gal.. 40c.
Tresso 'Wines, 6-year-old, sal 760
Port cr Cherry- Pure, rich wines. Why pay
double?
STRONG NUTCRACKERS, "1£
Kentucky o. X. Whisky, gal. j $3.25
Mellow liquor. Sample at store. Usually $3.00.
HORSESHOE WHISKY, .gal.. >2.Oo" V
Zinfaadel, g:al..* .-. 450
••A«tr* vineyard. An excellent dinner wine
LeuaJly 70c
SATXTSSAT HTOKT O2TX.Y. ~
The Eaa Francitco Girl Calendar Given
Away by Port Costa Mill tag Company
vlth 1 50-lb. Sack Port Costa Flour. . .
*. '., .$1.20
Th* Calendar is a beautiful twelve-page work
of art. The Flour i« Ptrletly the best.
Se» Calendars la our windows.
1001 FILLM0RE ST. 119 TAYLOR ST.
ATivEgris^MENm^^^^^^ :¦ '*: 1 ¦..:., g
¦ ¦
L? ;Hr ? That ° VER C0AT in the picture above—
; I^S^s^^p every line in it is graceful, in fact it's one
' J^-^few ? oJ lhe smarlcsl Whiter COATS that we
' M^^^J$fW^^ ? have ever shown in ovr bi$ Department
:i ffl^' c /MW^W^ ' devoted to MEN'S OVERCOATS. The
;; ffrj 0 J sleeves arc lined with satin. It's one ol
' Jy' 3 o^^S^^i * lhosc k& lon £ flairs likc & z picture
:: w-'-f- 9 -- '? Imfi&i^*'**^ ? above shows, with Velvet Collar or with-
¦I' IM •¦ :^-B\fflH9^§23a" out, just as your taste runs. A COAT that
; jfck^f m^^^^^ml nasn ' 1 its P eer m appearance, make or
I %^0^^^^^^ :: £° od IooKs al 520.00.
Some Exquisite * m^ 8 °
; Winter TripnV ~m A PRETTY SHADE
;; VY lllltl lUCCl^ . ? BLACK MIXED OXFORD
4 """*^* >^"^"" 1 A^ X^ a£
¦;: ¦ ¦ - • ¦ ¦ . ::- £& . *£§> t&
': Fancy; Vests I;
W'Tl Sill SA^i*^"/ /$ 1 / Jt \i sff a /mf*
I Very Effective and - j M Q) TRAPPfC-AT
ADVERTISEMENTS.
gg OE9BSBZm 01 ¦ EESBBHBEBB b
YOU CANT
RESIST DANCING
lo the entrancing movement o! a
waltz produced with the grace
and marvelous accuracy of Ihc »•
Apollo
Piano Player
It- requires no practice to enable
one . to play, anything hi music
from the simplest melody to the
most intricate composition. The
APOLLO* is the only piano player
(Italian) which plays seven octaves.
Benj.GUrtaZ*Son
Sole Agents.
Open Evenings.
• > 16 • OTarreli ¦ St., San Francisco.
San Jose; Fresno, AUmtda, Stockton