PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCIV-NO. 15T.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 4, 1903.
Greater New York—McClel
lan, Grout and Forn.es elected
Mayor, Comptroller and Presi
dent of the Board of Aldermen,
respectively. It is a victory for
Tammany.
New York State— Judge Den
nis O'Brien, re-elected. The
Assembly strongly Republican.
Republican Mayors in Syracuse,
Elmira, Rome and Albany.
Democratic Mayors in Schenec
tady, Auburn, Oswego, Troy
and Utica.
Republicans carry Massa
chusetts, New Jersey, Pennsyl
vania, Ohio, Iowa and Nebraska.
Democrats carry Rhode Isl
and, Maryland, Kentucky and
Mississippi.
How Elections
Went in States
East and South
Eugene EiSchtriitz Re* elected Mayor of San Francisco.
"Stoker Mayor" Is Re-elected.
BRIDGEPORT. Conn., Nov. 3.— Mayor
Dennis Mulvihill, known as the "stoker
Mayor," was carried in a triumphal -pro
cession to-night during the celebration
of his re-election. With him practically
the entire- Democratic ticket was carried
into office. Mulvihill defeated George E.
Hill (R.) by' 7181 in the greatest poll in
the city's history.
Salt Lake Is Democratic.
SALT LAKE, Utah, Nov. 3.— The Dem
ocrats not only elect Morris (D.) over
Knox (R.) by about 1500 but also elect
thirteen of the fifteen members of the
City Council. Eight of these are Mor
mons.
«g ar'AYOR~EUGENE-E.\ SCHMITZ was asked last evening to make a statement shortly
Je/g after the counting. of 'the votes indicated his return to office for a second term. The
°^ Mayor; who had retired to his home early and was with a number of his friends, said :
"I must say that? I am more rthan pleased With the result. I never had a serious doubt as
to the result of 'the [election. To the people who Iiavc supported me I am> indeed grateful. My
fight was a< hard one, ]as I? was not; supported : by> the public press in a single instance, but that
is the result ¦ of -politics. ; 1 , _ •
"/ have no hard feeling against those ,xvho opposed iny re-election, and I will endeavor
to a '\ve the '.people of : San 'Francisco a _good, clean, administrate nn. I have tried to do this,
and would- have done much-better if -Iihad'had the proper support, but now that I have the con
fidence of the people I hope to) carry out my intentions.
' "As. regards the Itandlingor rather the direction of expenditure of money voted on the
bond election, I zuill do ' everythingin my power to see that the funds are rightfully expended
and make San Francisco one of the grandest cities in the zvorld.
"1 '¦: trust and Hope that when my second term of office expires the people will not
regret the; confidence [they [have again placed in me."
MAYOR SCHMITZ TH ANKS
PEOPLE FOR RE-ELECTION
apprised as to the number of Repub
lican ballots thrown out by election
officers.
Mayor Schmitz promises to give
the people a good administration, but
says nothing about the hideous
shadow of Ruef. Parry is delighted
beyond expression over the outcome
of the struggle and the colt is full
of pranks. As the campaign is now ,
concluded the clerks and attaches,!
connected with the administration
may go back to their respective sta
tions, and the Civil Service Commis
sioners, weary of campaigning on the
stump for Ruef and Schmitz, may
return to the old stand of- the com
mission in the City Hall. .
From the figures at hand it appears
that Lane receives about 12,000 votes,
Crocker 22,000, Schmitz 24,000 and
Whitney, Socialist, 2300. When Lane
ran for Governor he was hailed as
the friend of the workingman and the
champion of the common people. He
received 33,000 votes. It seems, there
fore, that 21,000 voters. who gave him
their support a year ago have under
gone a change of mind. The figures
may not be exactly 21,000, but the
number is not wide of the mark.
When all the returns arc tallied and
subjected. to analj'sis one may be able
to determine how many votes Rucf
transferred from the Republican col
umn to Schmitz and how many Mar
tin Kelly took to Lane.
The total vote of 60,300 cast yes
terday was somewhat of a surprise.
Experts, including the Registrar,
placed the number as low as 57,000.
Mr. Crocker made a 'fine showing in
the labor districts south of Market
street. Later on the public • will - be
VOTERS CHANGED VIEWS.
political experts predicted that. a good
Democratic candidate could divide
the labor vote and this division would
have followed if any one other than
a professional job chaser had been
called to Democratic leadership.
Lane never had the ghost of a chance
to win. What little support he se
cured came from dyed in the wool
Democrats and non-partisans of the si-
Pcrhaps he would have Jess cause
for chagrin if one of his newspaper or
gans had not resorted to the most con
temptible form of misrepresentation to
bolster up this hopeless candidacy.
The Republican press and the Rcpub
lican campaign committee warned the
public at every stage of the campaign
that a vole for Lane was really a vote
for Schmitz. Results prove that the
warning was justified.
Early in the campaign many of the
y^ UGENE E. SCHMITZ is re
»Y elected to the office of Mayor,
M and it is devoutly to be
wished that his second admin
istration of municipal affairs will be
better than his first. His plurality, ac
cording to the votes tallied, will ap
proximate 2000. An army of muni
cipal attaches and political workers,
sustained by a campaign fund of $50,
000, won the battle, as the forces of
good citizenship were divided. Votes
which should have been given to Hen
ry J. Crocker were thrown away on
that unfortunate prince of demagogues
which Gavan McNab placed at the
head of the Democratic ticket.
Henry J. Crocker, the Republican
nominee, made the most creditable
campaign ever conducted in San Fran
cisco. He accepts the result in manly
fashion. He maintained throughout
the animated contest a straight
forward, honorable course, appealing
to the judgment and intelligence of
good citizenship for support. He car
ried the Assembly districts of the Re
publican column, but his pluralities do
not seem to be large enough to over
come the heavy vote which Mayor
Schiriitz receives in the so-called Dem
ocratic districts south of Market street.
LANE'S CASE WAS HOPELESS.
As foreshadowed in The Call from
' ¦ -
day to day during the canvass, Frank
lin K. Lane failed to carry a single As
sembly district.
Lane's Chances
Were Never
Good.
Stayer.
zronrirn s. bcukxte ox. x>.).
Auditor.
m w XCASST ¦y»*Tr-a-it en,).
. City Attorney,
7ESC7 V. Z.OZTG (E.).
Sheriff,
r\?rr-\*- 3. ctjbtxs cd.).
Assessor,
\7£SB32rOTON DODGE (D.).
Tax Collector,
EUTTAJH) J. SMITH (H.).
Treasurer,
cromr s. sscsougaxd (b.v
Eeccrder,
xsssozra godcsattx a>.).
County Clerk.
JOUST J. GEEIP CK.).
District Attorney,
mwia r. BYxzrGToa: co.).
Coroner,
T. B. "W. LEIiAITD (D.).
Public Administrator.
si. j. srraxs (s.).
Supervisor,
GEOSGE AX.7ERS (B.)>
Supervisor,
FEED IT. BEZTT (B).
Supervisor,
CHiELES BOSTON (BO.
Supervisor,
rKES EGQEB3 (B,).
Supervisor,
TEEODOSE LUK2TEDT (B.).
Supervisor,
kazwell mchtjtt (B.).
Supervisor,
I.. A. SEA (It.).
Supervisor
vr. "w. Ei:'DrE:OH (B.).
Supervisor,
JAMES P. BOOTH (X>.).
Supervisor,
H. TT. SBAXTOEZTSTrXir (D.).
Supervisor,
Eirtrrz, SBAirrnxABT <d.).
Supervisor,
A. CCjffTi: JJZ. O.).
Supervisor,
JOZL2T COZTSO3 CD.).
Supervisor,
A. A. D'AKCOHA CD.).
Supervisor,
BXZTBT FAYOT O>.).
Supervisor,
BO3EBT J. Z^3T7GBXBT CD.).
Supervisor.
OSCAS SOCKS CD.).
Supervisor,
SDWABD B. BOCK CD.).
J-ire cf the Police Court,
GEOEGE S. CABA2TZSS CD.).
Judge cf the Police Court,
TZZHSTTSTD P. 2SOQA2T CD.).
Candidates
Who Probably
Are Elected
Ohio has gone overwhelmingly Repub
lican. The contest in that State was for
Governor and the Legislature and it had
an additional interest because Senator
Hanna, chairman of the Republican Na
tional Committee, is a candidate for re
election to the Senate. Hanna will con
trol the Legislature by a big" margin, and
Myron T. Herrick, Republican, has da-
LANDSLIDE IN OHIO.
One lesson of the returns Is that New
York is not only still a Democratic city,
but a Tammany city as well. Devery has
ceased to be an issue and the public has
taken the view that Devery was respon
sible for graft and blackmail and that
Tammany, having thrown Devery out.
was entitled to another trial In manag
ing the affairs of the municipality. Dev
ery's vote was pitifully small.
The election seems to have been very
fair and orderly. While the results show
a complete breakdown of Republican and
Fusion, It cannot bo charged that the Re
publican organization was treacherous.
The tide was simply strongly in favor of
Democracy and a wide-open town.
REPUBLICANS FAIL TO VOTE.
The Republicans who left their party
last year are still with the Democracy
and there also is evidence that thousands
did not go to the polls.
The constitutional amendment which
was submitted to voters, providing for
expenditure of $101,000,000 for the improve
ment of the Erie Canal so as to permit
the transportation of barges carrying
1000 tons of freight, probably has been
adopted. Very few counties up State vot
ed in favor of It. The amendment was
voted down by some of the more impor
tant counties traversed by tha canal. In
those counties which are not traversed
by the canal In Northern and Southern
New York the amendment was simply
slaughtered. Erie County, which was
supposed to be the hotbed of canal
sentiment, did not do as well as the ad
vocates of tha improvement had expected,
but New York County's heavy vote has
probably more than * offset the up State
result.
The Assembly of the State of New
York Is safely Republican.
plurality second only to the un
precedented sweep of 1902, when Coler car
ried the city by 122,000 votes more than
Odell, the Republican candidate, for Gov
ernor.
It was more than a landslide— It was an
avalanche. Manhattan and the Bronx,
comprising New York County, gave a
plurality of between 60,000 and 70,000 for
McClellan, Grout and Forbes. Even
Brooklyn was carried by the Tammapy
ticket by a plurality approaching 4000. In
this Tammany sweep practically all
the Democratic candidates for borough
and county offices, except in Richmond,
triumphed. The Board of Aldermen will
be completely in the control of Tammany.
The verdict at the polls strongly en
trenches the wigwam in power in this
city. Charles F. Murphy becomes the
most important Democrat in the country.
He will probably have more influence in
the next Democratic National Convention
than Croker, Kelly or Hill ever had. be
cause he will not only be able to domi
nate the entire Democratic party of th*
entire city, but the Democratic party of
the State as well. Murphy's victory
seems to mean the destruction of both
Hill and Hugh Mclaughlin.
TAMMANY FOB CLEVELAND.
The Tammany leader will be abla to
name the next Democratic candidate for
Governor, and,- possibly, the next Demo
cratic candidate for President.
The Call Is informed that Tammany will
stand in favor of the nomination of
Grover Cleveland for President next year,
and It Is said that Judge D. Cady Herrlck
of Albany will displace Hill as nominal
State leader and may be the candidate of
the Democrats for Governor.
EW YORK, Nov. 3.— Tammany
l3L y scored a remarkable triumph in
f\J to-day's city election. Its entire
JL \f city ticket was elected by a
National Effect of
Off Year Vic
tories.
Continued on Page 0 t Coluzia 4,
The San Francisco Call.
MAYOR SCHMITZ WINS
FIGHT FOR RE-ELECTION
AIcasaT — "Too Much Johnson."
Alhambra — Ellery's Boyal Ital
ian Band.
California — Haverly's Minstrels.
Central — "At Valley Torre."
Columbia — "The Storks."
Fischer's — "Babes and Eoiei."
Grand — "Ben Hnr."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
The Chutes — Vaudeville.
Tlvoll — Grand Opera.
THE CTEATXTX&.
San ITanei«co and vicinity—
E.e.ln "VTe&nesday; brisk to hiarh
icuthtrly winds.
* A. G. UcADXZI.
District Forecaster.
With One Exception, Union Labor
Party Is Hopelessly
Defeated.
j. • j.WOMAN WHO WAS ACCUSED OF FORGING THE NAME OF THE LATE
CECIL RHODES TO BILLS AND WHO NOW DEMANDS SEVEN MIL
LION DOLLARS FROM THE ESTATE.
or before June 20, 1S99, between herself
and Rhodes. This is a sequel to the ar
rest and imprisonment of the Princess at
Cape Town in 1902 on a charge of forging
Rhodes' signature to bills for several
thousands of pounds. The case, which
doubtless will prove sensational, is ex
pected to lead to many exposures.
INDIANAPOLIS. Nov. 3.— Engineer
Schumacher and Conductor Jones of the
wrecked Purdue University special on the
Eig Four Rai'.road, who are held respon
sible for the accident, were before Coro
ner Tuthill to-day. Each testified that
the train was running on a different or
fler which they were following. Superin
tendent Van Winkle of the Big Four
fciade a statement before the Coroner,
holding the crew responsible.
Railroad Men Try to Shift Blame.
Six Thousand Volts Kill Electrician.
PORTLAND, Or., Nov. 3.-While James
S. Hite, an electrician, was repairing an
arc light an electrfc light wire which he
was handling became fouled with a heav
ily charged cable, sending 6000 volts of
the currentlthrough his body, killing him
instantly.
STOCKTON, Nov. 3.— A petition con
taining about 1000 names was presented
to the County Board of Supervisors to
day asking for a new county liquor ordi
nance. The petition asks that those con
templating starting a saloon publish the
fact in the nearest newspaper. If 5?) per
cent of the property owners petition
against the saloon the license shall not
be granted, unless within thirty days the
petitioner files a counter-petition of a
majority of the property owners. A bond
of ;-.vj is also asked.
Petition for New Liquor Ordinance.
She Is Charged With Having Made
False Affidavit in Hope of Saving
Condemned Murderer.
CHEYENNE, Wyo., Nov. 3.—Prosecut
ing Attorney Stoll to-day caused the ar
rest of Miss Gwendoline Kimmel on a
charge of perjury. Last Saturday Bhe
made affidavit that "Victor Miller con
fessed to her that he killed Willie Nickell,
the crime for which Horn Is sentenced
to be hanged November 20,. and the prose
cuting attorney declares that she swore
falsely. Miss Kimmel was a teacher of
a public school near the scene of the
murder.
WYOMING SCHOOL TEACHER
IS ACCUSED OF PEBJUBY
LONDON, Nov. 3.— Princess Radrl
will to-day lesued a writ demand
ing f7,000,000 from Lord Rosebery,
Earl Grey and Messrs. Alfred
Beit, "Dr. Jameson, I*. L* Mitchell
and B. A. Hawkley, trustees of the es
tate of the late Cecil Rhodes, under an
agreement alleged to have been made on
Then a second bullet was fired by the
thief, this time into the ground. The
Sheriff was about to shoot to kill when
Deputy McPhail, who had been left with
the buggy, approached and leveled his pis
tol a.t the thief, threatening him with
death. This was too much for the Ger
man and he gave up the fight. He wag
searched and another pistol and a whoie
arsenal of cartridges were found on him.
He was handcuffed and brought to the
Hollister jail, where he is now awaiting
the arrivaJ of the Monterey Sheriff.
The Sheriff immediately grabbed the
hand that held the weapon and threatened
to shoot. The thief was not frightened,
however, and succeeded in firing one shot.
The- Sheriff then fired a bullet from his
own pistol across the thief's stomach to
scare him. The Sheriff said:
"If you don't surrender I will kill you,"
Jiring at the same time another shot.
The Sheriff immediately took up the
trail and followed the tracks to the coun
ty road leading to San Felipe. AVhiie
passing the O'Donnell tield the Sheriff ob
t^t-rved an object about 2C0 yards from the
road. The officer cocked his rifle and as
he approached within eighty yards he
paw he had come upon the fugitive. The
latter was asleep and had a rifle between
his legs, res-ting on his left arm. A pistol
was sticking from a pocket.
Sheriff Croxton commanded the man to
surrender and he started from his slum
ber. Instantly grabbing his rifle. He at
tempted to arise, throwing the ritte
around and shooting at the same time.
At this point the Sheriff struck the rifle
with his left hand and grappled with the
man, throwing him on his back. The
thief struggled and as he partly got up
he pulled one of his pistols.
FIGHT WITH PISTOLS.
SHERIFF ON TRAIL.
Sheriff Croxton received notice from
i-'heriff Nesbitt of Monterey County last
;:ight that he had had a running flght
v.ith a desperado from Salinas to a point
1'etween Sargents and Gilroy, where the
thief abandoned his horee. To-day in
quiry was made of the people in the Hoi
!.s-ter Valley north of town and it was
Learned that the fugitive ate dinner at E.
Ladd"s place. He was met by Frank
liudner, who had been informed by the
Sheriff before leaving town, to be on the
lookout. Hudner went into Ladd's to put
the thief off his guard. Then he sought
the nearest telephone and informed Crox
ton.
HOLLIETER, Nov. 3.-The horspthlef
v.ho fhot up Salinas yesterday was cap
tured to-day about two miles east of
Hollistor en the O'Donnell ranch by Shcr
« J. J. Croxtcn and his deputy, Floy Mc-
Phail. He gave his name as Emll von
IMengenstein and claims to be a German
count.
P^tols Are Used by Sberlff and Fugi
tive and the Latter Surrenders
Only Under Threat of In
stant Death.
Horsethiof, Who Says He Is
a German Count, Ar
rasted.
Hand -to -Hand Battle
Fought on Ranch Near
Hollister.
Princess Radziwill, Who Was f Arrested and Im
prisoned at Cape Town on a Charge of Forgery,
Furnishes a Sensational Sequel to Her Arrest
DESPERADO
STRUGGLES
WITH CAPTOR
SUES CECIL RHODES' ESTATE
FOR SEVEN MILLION DOLLARS
To Cure. a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
•lruKglcU refund the money If it falls to curt.
E. W. Grove's signature u on each box. 25«. *
CHICAGO, Nov. 3.— Excitement prevails
among the colored citizens of Morgan
Park as the result of the posting' of pla
cards giving, notice to all colored persons
to leave within forty-eight hours. Several
families have already left. ' The move
ment 1a the_ outcome of the murder of
Chief of Police Alrey Saturday night by
a negro.
Negives Ordered to Depart.
Destitution Prevails in Labrador.
ST. JOHNS. Newfoundland, Nov. 3.—
Extreme destitution is reported from
many parts of Labrador, owing to tho
shortage of the fishery eaten. Unless re
lief be provided by the Government it is
believed that many people will perish.
One vessel already has been dispatched
with provisions, but has not yet been re
ported arrived and the supplies she car
ried will have to be duplicated and sent
by another ship.
Coates denies absolutely that there was
any quarrel between him and Briggan.
The body was brought here by Coroner
Crowe this evening and viewed by the
Coroner's Jury. The lips and face of the
dead man are somewhat swollen and the
neck and upper part of the chest are dis
colored. These appear to be the only
marks of violence upon the body. To
morrow Dr. Ross will perform an au
topsy to discover the cause- of death.
. About a year ago Joseph Briggan, a
brother of the deceased, murdered a
farm hand on this same ranch and se
creted the body in the woods. The body
was subsequently found and Briggan was
tried and convicted of murder. He is now
serving a life sentence in San Quentin.
John Briggan told the officers that he
heard Coates come up and call him out to
have a drink. He refused and in a short
time he heard men quarreling and two
shots fired. He did not go out to see
what the trouble was for the reason that
he was afraid to do so. About 5 o'clock
this morning he went out to the barn and
found his brother dead. Ho states that
tho body was still warm. He immediately
jujSped upon his horse, rode to Woodside
and telephoned for the officers and a doc
tor.
REDWOOD CITY, Nov. 3.— Another
tragedy occurred last night on what ia
known as the Briggan ranch in the moun
tains south of here, resulting in the death
of Fred Briggan. A veil of mystery Bur
rounds the affair, but the officers who
have been working on the case have felt
justified In placing under arrest Thomas
Coates and Gus Johnson. Before morn
ing John Briggan, a brother of the de
ceased, will probably also be in jail. The
officers went to the mountains for him
this afternoon.
According to Coates he and Johnson
left Redwood City late yesterday morn
ing for the former's home beyond the
Briggan place. They took with them a
half-gallon demijohn of whisky and in
passing stopped at Briggan's, inviting
John to come out and have a drink. He
refused and they then sought Fred,' who
drank about a quart of, the liquor. The
whisky evidently overpowered him, for
he fell at the wheel of the wagon. Coates
*=ays he picked him up, carried him Into a
barn and placed him on a bed. He and
Johnson then drove away.
Special Dispatch to^The Call.
Mysterious Death Oc
curs in San Mateo
Mountains.
RANCH TRAGEDY
PUZZLES POLICE
WASHINGTON. Nov. S-— Fourth-claas post
maKtrrs appointed: California — Alex P. Dal-
Ins. Bryn Mawr. San Bernardino County, vice
Joseph B. Fowler, resigned; Grace E. Pedlgo,
Daunt, Tulare County, vice John T. Beans,
resigned.
These ratentn were issued to-day: Califor
nia — Henry Atwater, Vacaville, device for re
movinr vehicle tires; John JU Blair. San Jose,
foldable holder for railway holders; Henry E.
Brunner and E. J. Patterson, Haywards, hy
drocarbon burner; John Y. Byera, asslrnor,
one-half to J. F. Forward. Descanzo, quartz
mill; Edwin E. Crandall, Los Angeles, book
keeping; John J. Fargue and H. W. Smith,
San FranclECO, Fargue assigmor to Smith,
Btamp affixing device; John Frodsham,
Bouldlng Island, asuignor, one-half to R.
Hickmott, Rons Valley, oil burner; jAmes
C. Garrett, San Francisco, hose support;
Newton Lamb, Yreka, bolt cutter; Aug
ustus Lotz, asHgnor to Sanitary Com
pressed Air and Suction Dust Removing Com
pany, San Francisco, pneumatic device for
cleanlns carpets, floors or the like; Helnrlch
Moller, San Francisco, night lamp (reissue);
John M. Montgomery, Santa Clara, concentra
tor; Stlllman D. Louton, Campbell, neck and
chest protector; Henry D. Pelle, lone, double
acting nut wrench; Harley L. Sherwood, Oak
land, oil burner; George Wiley, Vallejo, car
coupling.
Oregon — Elbert Dyer, Bondon, mechanism for
pawmlll; Isaac B. Hammond, Portland, hoop
or band for cylindrical casings.
Washington— Emlle Bachelet, Tacoma, mag
netic medical apparatus; same, electro mag
netic therapeutic apparatus; L«ary E. Boquvist,
Seattle, water motor; Christian J. Tugard,
Port Townsend, apparatus for loading vessels;
William B. Knoble. Tacoma, rapid-firing pistol.
Army orders — Captain Charles E. Stanton,
paymaster, goes from the Department of Cali
fornia to 1 the Philippines; Captain Bradner D.
Slaughter, paymaster, is to return from tho
Philippine* to San Francisco for further or
ders.
Several Changes Are Made In the
Postal Service and More
Patents Issued.
OP INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
FOLSOM, Nov. 3.— Another desperate :
attempt at jail delivery was frustrated)
at the Folsom prison late yesterday aft
ernoon. That thS^lelivery was not just
as complete a success as the preceding
one of July 27 is due mainly to the*"
watchfulness of the officials at the prison.
Captain Murphy's quick action served to
stop the desperate band of convicts from
escaping:.
j^Theb reak was well planned and was
under the leadership of "Red Shirt" Hall. [
doing twenty years' service; Billy Aus-,
tin, a lifetimer, and "Hypo" Kelly, who}
is doing: thirteen years under the name of (
Smith. Whether the break was to be at- j
tempted last night or, like the former
one, in the morning, is a question. The
intention of the > convicts was >o capture
the engine and car at the rock crusher,
overpower Engineer Andrew O'Brien and
Brakeman M. Halloran and escape down
the. track toward Folsom.
Guard Woods was the first one to dis
cover something wrong when he saw one j
of the convicts trying to conceal a knife i
in hiB clothing. He immediately tele- 1
phoned in to Captain Murphy, who went
at once into the yard and searched a
number of convicts, with the result that |
he found seven knives. He ordered the
most desperate of them to be placed in
solitary confinement. This morning an
other large and ugly knife was found.
Convict 4548, known as "Red Shirt"
Hall, is one of the most desperate men
in the prison and was considered to be
the leader in caching the knives and
gunnysack suits in the rock crusher
shortly after the memorable break of
July 27 of the present year. Billy Austin
is another desperate man, while Smith,
who is a second termer, would stop at
nothing to succeed in escaping from the
prison.
It is a well known fact that there are
several cliques of convicts who realize
that if they have any chance to t-scape
at all it must be under the present ad
ministration. The convicts have taken
advantage of defects in discipline and
have devised all manner of schemes to
successfully escape.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Desperate Men Plan to Capture an
Engine at the Bock Crusher
and Make a Wild Bide
* to Town.
Convicts.
Eight Knives Are Pound in
the Clothing of
Officers Discover Prepa
rations for Prison
Break.
FELONS FAIL
IN A P LOT
AT FOLSOM
. -
THE SAN IBAKCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 4, 1903.
2
BATLWAY TBAVEL.,
U QALIFORNBA \
I LIRMTED TO CHICAGO d
Leaves Mondays end Thursdays Y
at 0:30 a. m., through In 3 days, a
1 with diner and ell trappings. ' fe
Other Banta Fe Trains:
2 : 2£ ?•"'(. for Stockton. Fresno, BakersfleW,
8-00 p." m! ) Merced » Hanford and Viaalla.
4.00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. ra. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
Ticket Offic*: 641 Market Ot., and Ferry
Demt. S. V. Also HU Broadway, Oak-
land, Cal.
CALIFORNH NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
BAIIWAT COMPAUnr.
Tiburon rerry. root ot Market Street.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAH EArASL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 0:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
3:30. t:10 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m.
Baturdays^ — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p.m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. »:30 11:00 a. ra.; 1:30. 3:30,
6:00. 6:20. 11:30 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS--6:05. 7:35, 7:50. 9:20. 11:15
a m. : 12:50 3:40. 5:00. 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:40 .11:15 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
4:55. B:05. 6:25 p. ra.
L»>ave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. I Sept. 27. 1903. |San Vranclaco.
Week I Sun- I Deatina- I Sun- I Week
Days. I days^J tion. ] days. | Days.
7:30a 8:0Oa 9:10a 8:4Oa
9:30a I^acio. 1 10:40a 10:20a
3:30p 8:30 p 6:05 p 8:20 p
6:10p B:0Op 7:S5 p
7:30 a 9:10 a| 8:40 a
8:00 a Novato. 10:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p 0:30 a Petaluma 6:05 pi 6:20 p
5:10 p 3:30 p an<l 7:35 p|
B:OOp %"ta Roaa. |
7:30 a 10:40 a|10:20 a
8:00 a Fulton. 7:35 p 6:20 p
3:30 p 3:30 p I
f Windsor.
1:30 a S:0Oa Healdsburc;. 10:40a 10:20a
Lytton.
3:30 p 3:30 p Geyscrville. 7:33 p 6:20 p
Cloverdale.
7-30 a 8:00 al Hopland. 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 a 3:30 p[ and Ukiah. | 7:35 p| 6:20j>
7 :30a|8:0Oa| Wllllta. |7:35pl6:2Op
TTsOal 8:00a| 110:40 a!10:20 a
3:30 p* 3:30p| Guerneville. [ 7:35 p| C:20p
7-30a| 8:00 al Sonoma. I 9:10 al 8:40 a
5:10 p| 6:f0p| Glen Ellen. | 0:05 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al S:C0a| , 110:40 a|10:20 a
8 :30 p[ 3:30 p| Sebastopol. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentin; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
fpringi; at Fulton for Altruria and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
servillf fur Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
tho Geysers, Booneville and Greenwood; at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs,
KelseyviUe. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs. , Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo,
Potter Valley. John Day's. Kiverside. Lierlys,
Bucknell's Sanbedrin Helghia, Hullvllle, Orr"»
Hot Springs. Halfway House. Comptche, Camp
S'evens. Hopkins, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg
Westpovt, Vsal: at Wllllts for Fort Bragg.
Westport, Sherwood. Cahto. Covello. Layton-
vllle; Cummings, Bell's Springs. Harris, Ol-
sen's. Dyer, Garberville, Pepperwood, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re.
duced rates.
On Sunday round-trip tickets, to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates"
Ticket office. 630 Market street. Chronlcl*
building.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
p^s£3|ilf|j TO SAN RAFAEL
H^M&l ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, ETC.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
s"uburt>a~n Service. Standard'cauge Electric—
Depart from San Francisco Dally— 7.00. 8:00.
9:00. 10:00. 11:00 a. m.. 12:20. l.«. 3.15,
4-15 5-15 6-15 7:00. 8:43. 10:20. 11:45 p. m.
* FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAM 'RANC1SCO
_ti, (1v r..o 5 c-35. 7:40. 8:35. 9:35. 11:05
Z m.. y i2:2O \x<O. 2:55. 3:45. 4:45. 5:45. 6:45.
8: FROM 2C M lS. VALLBT TO SAN FRAN.
Ts^» ! °* X0 tS&UGHTRAW8:
8:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way
hU £*lS p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Tomales and way stations.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way
only— 10 a. m.. Point Beyes and way
* TICKET OFFICE— C26 Market at.
FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market tt
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
1 Leave f u SaostUts »«rrj Arrive
San Francisco Foot tf Mirktt St San Francisco
Vteeic Sun- Sun- Week
Da>-»- jffiWflRK Pay-
•IO:OOT'*H:OOa E$age$&& l-S:<>5pfO:4Oi
•1;45p 9:00a XJ&S&gta l:25p 3:5;H.
5:15p 1O:OOa V,"^*^? »:5I>? B:5Op
11:OOa iSS^aS^ 4:SOr 9:SOr
•Oonaart with rt«g* to * M?ss» uti TSkrw Cway
TICKT ( 626 Market ST.,(North Shore Railroad)
I Of nCSS j and Sausalito Fb&xy, Foot Market St.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
t ' '
J Drink Pfes'""*'—^^
jCof=farin|g^^J|
;: Cereal j|^^^S^®^. :
On Fariji \ * wardtdGowMed « i 1
; drink ;
; Cof-farin and your!
Nerves and Diges-"
tion will be all right
¦¦•»•• »»»»»»• ?•••>•?»?»««
H IS THE MARK OF 1
C LJ T D f ~P ~M
o n 1 rv i
g| CLUETT, PEABODY & CO. p£
§Vim, Vigor, Vitality for Men.
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been In use over fifty
years by the leaders of the
Mormon Church and tljetr
followers. Positively cure th«
worst cases in old and youn.;
arising from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette smoking. Cure Lo»t
Manhood, Imcotcncy, Lost
Power. NIrht Losbcs Insom-
nia, Pains In Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back.
Nervous Debility, Headache. Unfltness to Mar-
ry, Loss of Semen. Varicocele or Con-
stipation. Stop Ner *"^ H B voua Twltchinit of
Kyelids. Effects ar« J?Z^zL Immediate. Impart
vigor and potency oe«x»to every function.
Don't get deepo-mlent, a cure Is at hand. He-
*tore xtnall, undeveloced orcans. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; COc a box; 0 for
«'» 50 by mail. A written suarantee to cure or
money refunded with 0 boxes. Circulars free.
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis St..
gan Francisco. Cal. GRANT DRUG CO.. &S
and 40 Third st.
A visit DR. JORDAN'S great*)
(tallSEUH OF AHATOSBY$
\ r~t The Largest Anatomical Museum In the \
0 ¦iTT'ihi w « r| d- Weakr.e»«.e» o» any eontncteil n
' ite* 3^ disease p»sltl»ely«ore«rtiy the oMeM V
Q IjK SB on theCoist Est. 36 years. O
A &W*A OR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN d
\ y^TP^iH Con<ult»tion free tnd strictly prime. \
4 t I**/ H Tra«tmrnt per!on»lly or by letter. A Q
f J tfttl Poritiv* Curt In erery case ondert»ken. T
API ll«> Write for 8o*k, PBILOSO*nY of il
? * II It" B*nhl.%GE. MAILED FREE. (AT
A ft li. valuable book for men) X
£ J>n. JOBDAN A CO.. 1051 Market St.. S. F. V
JA . Thoso sufferiiiff from weak-
Bb^ nesses which sap the pleasures
¦ B ¦ o f iif e should take Juven Pills.
;s; One bottle will tell a story of
marvelous results. This medicine has more
rejuvenating, vitalizing: force than has ever
been offered. Sent by mail in plain package
only on receipt of this adv. and $L
Made by its originators C. I. Hood Co.. pro-
prietors Hood's sarsaparilla. Loweil. Mass.
I BR.P1ERCLS I 1
€bOIJ2EKI
MEDICAL :. _,.
HM'SCOVEKV
FOR THE
BB-OOD t g.BVER.LUNGS»i
DnTTCIITPC FOU BARBER3, BA-
KK U S H EiS k « rs - bootblacks, bath-
UUUL/lXLiU houses, billiard tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-mateens. f^nnersi.
dy«rs. flour mills, twinkles. lau °l rle 2'
hanger., printer., painters. • h .°^ ln 'f c^ t r i M>
tUblemen. tar-roofer». tanners, tallorm. etc.
BUCHANAN BBOS.,
Brash ManoXactaxera. 609 Sacramento St.
IA/. X. HESS,
Notary Public And irtlorney-at-liaw.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckels bldg.
Telephone Main 083.
i Residence, 821 California St., below Powell.
I Residence Telephone James 1801.
Schools and Colleges.
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THE
WEST, 24 Post «W San Francisco, Cal.
Established 40 yoars. Open entire year.
.Write lor Illustrated catalogue (Xree) %
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Train* lr>art> ami are du« to arrive at
N.VN KUAN Cl.n CO.
(Mttn Ltae. Foot of Marlcet Street )
utTi — F»om Octobk 81. 1908. — AnaiT«
7.00a Ilenicta, SuIjuq, Ktmlra and Sucra-
mentu Z|5'
7.00a Vacarllle, Wlntert, Ramsey 7.o3f
7.30a Martinez. Saa Katoon. Vallejo,
Kapa. Caltitoc*. Santa Hosa 6 2Sf
7.30a Ntlea. UTenaore. Tracy. Lathrop.
Btock:on 7.25--
8.00* Darn, Woodland. Kntghu LaadJag,
Marytrllle. Oro7lUe 7.55r
8 00a Atl»DtlcExpre*»— ©Kden sad East. 102j*
8 33a Port Osta. Msrtloez. Antlocn. By-
roa.Tracy.Stocicton.Sacramentoi,
Ke*mu, Los Banoa, Menduta,
Anaooa, Lemoore, Uantord,
VUalla, PorterTllle 4.25?
8.30a Port Ccrta. Martlaex. Tracy. Lata-
roj>. Modeito. Merced, rregno,
Oosben J unction. Lemoore, Haa-
ford. Vlsalta. Bakersfleld 455p
8.3Ca Ebaita Kxprest — UaTls. WtUIama
(for Bartlett 8prtnsr»>. Wltiowt,
¦ffruto. ited Bluff. Portland 7.5a-"
8.30a Hilei. 8aa Jose. Llverniore. Stock-
ton, Ion«. Sac ramento.PlacerTille.
MaryiTllie, Chlco. Ued liluff 4.25*
; 8 30* Oakdale. Chlaeie. Jame.«town, 8>
nora. Tnolnmne and Angels 5?3 F
9 00a Martinez and Way Stations. .,§ Si'
1000a Vniejo- ~.. L ....* ~ 12.2Sr
10.00a" -
Fort voRi, Martinez. By»oa.
Tracy. Lathrop, Stoektoa.
Merced. Uaymond. Fresno, Haa-
ford. Vlsalla, Bakersflald. Los
Angeles <West-
boandarrrre* TiaCuant Line)... «1-S0*
10 0Oa Th« OTerland Limited — Ogden.
Denrer, Omaha, Chicago..* B.Z5P
12 C0» Hayward. Klles and Way Stations. 3.25*
tLOOr Sacrsmento Hirer Steamers tli.OOr
3 30f Bentcia, Winters. Sacramento.
Woo<llsnd, Knights Lttailng.
BlarjsTllle, OroTllle and way .
suUons 'Sic
3.30P Hayward.NIles and Way Stations.. 765r
3.30r Port Costa, Martinez. Byron,
Tracy. Lathrop. Modesto.
Merced, Fresno, and Way Sta-
tlons beyond Port Cotta 12-23*
3.30* Martlaex, Tracy. Stockton. Lodl... 10-25*
4 CO* Mftrtlner.8anU;»mon,ValleJo,J«»pa,
Callstotra, Santa Kosa 9 25a
4 CO* Jflles, Trai:y. 8tockton. Lodl **3 r
4 30* Hayward. Mies. Inflation. San • ?855*
Jose. LITermore i 111. 55a
6 00* The Owl Limited— Newman. Los
Man<>«. Mrndwta. Fresno. Tulare.
Bakersdeld. Los Angeles .5-5§*
5 COr Port Costa. Tracy, Stockton 1225*
t5 30* lUyward, Slles aad Saa Jone 7.25a
6. COr Hayward. Niles and San Jose 10 25a
6.00* Oriental 5I»ll— Oftden. Denrer.
Omaha. St. LouU. Chicago and
Kaai. Port Costa, Benlcia, Sul-
sun. Elmlra, Darls, Sacramento,
Hoc kiln. Auburn, Col fax.
Trnckee, Boca, tteao. Wads-
worth, W Inn eiuucca. Battle
Mouatola, Elko 425*
5. CO* Vallejo, daily, except 8unday.... J 7 KB _
7 C3p Vallejo. Sunday only I
7X0* S*n Pablo. Port Costa, Martlaex \
and Way Stations. 11.25*
I C6* Oregon * California Express— 8ao-
raiaento, MarysTllle. Reddtntr. "
PortUad. Puget Bound aad Eatt. 8.55*
9-1C* llayward, NllesandSan Jo»e(8ua-
ihryonly) 11-BSa
COAST LINE (*arr»w «a«ge).
(Koot of Market Street.) '
E 15* 'Newark. CenterTille. Saa Joss.
Felton. Boulaer Creek, Santa
Crnz and Way Stations. 553?
15p Xe«s:',, CenterTille, San Jose,
New Alnndoo.Los Gatos, Fa:toa.
L'ouIiIit Creek, Saata Cruz and
Principal Way BUtloas 1055*
4 16* Newark. Saa Jose, Loa Gatos aad
way station!) tS-55 k
'1 30* Hunters Train. Saturday only. Saa
.lose and Way Stattcns. Sunday
only return* frcm Loa Gatos .... t7 25*
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY-
rora SAN * UANClSCO, Foot of Market at. (SltpO
—17:19 »:00 11:00 aji. 1.0O 300 6.15 r.«.
¦rom OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — H:0O Ti:9i
t9:(K» 10:00 a.m. 12 CO 200 400 *¦*¦
COAST LINE (Uroad Vaas;*).
Hf ( lcird and' Tuwnsend 8treets.)
~6~10a San Jose and Way Stations......... 8 SO*
7 CO* 9an Jo«e and Way Stations....! ... 6 38*
800a Xew Almadea (Tues., Frld.. only), 4. 10*
800a CosstLlne Limited— Stopsonly Saa
Jose, Gllroy (connection for Hol-
lister). Pajaro, Castrornie, 8a-
Itnas, San Ardo. Paso Boblea.
SantaMargarlta,SanLu!s Oblspo.
Principal stations thence Surf
(connection for Lompoc> princi-
pal stations thence Saata Bar-
bara and Los Angeles. Connec-
tion at CMtronilB to aad from
Monterey and Pacific GroTe l0-48*
9.00a Baa Jose. Tres Ptaos. Capitols,
Saa taCrui, Pacific Grore, Salinas,
San Lais ubupu aad Principal
Way Stations *-l?*
10.30a Saa Jose aad Way Stations. 1.20* -
1140a Santa Clara. Saa Joie'Los Gatos
„ _., and Way Stations Jr.?*'
130* San Jose and Way Station! 8 36*
A.CO* Pacific GroTt Express— SantaClar*
£rn Jute, Del Moate, Moaterey.
PscItJc GroT« (connects at Santa
Clara for Santa Cruz. Boulder
Creek and Narrow Gauffe Points)
at GUroy for Holllster. Tres
Plnos. at CastroTltle for Salinas. 12.15*
a JO* Gllroy Way Passenger 110 43a
t4 45* San Jose. (Tla Santa Oisra) Los
Gatos, and Principal Way Sta-
tion* (except 8nnday> tf) 28*.
!530i- SanJoseandPrtncipalWayStatfons 18.03a
6. CO* Sunset Limited. Eastbound.— Saa
Lul* Oblipo. 8ant*-Marhara, Los
Anfceles, Uemlnij. El Pa«o. Sew
Orleans. New York. (Westbound
arrWes rla Son Jr.aqnta Valley ) . . . u 3 25 a
TS.15* 6anMateo.Bere9ford,Belmont.Saa
Carlos, i:--iwfi<p(]. Fair Oaka,
MenloPark. Palo Alto t8-48*
6.30* Ssa-Iose and Way Stations 6 33*
11.30* South San Francisco. Mlllbrae, Bnr-
llngame. San Mateo. Belmont,
8an Carlo*. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park, and Palo Alto...... 9 45-
0II.33* May Held, Mountain View. Sunny-
Tale, Lawrence, Santa Clara and
~ C Saa Jose 1945*
A for Morning. P for Afternoon,
t Sunday only.
I Stops at all stations on Sunday.
t Sunday excepled. a Saturday only.
* Via Coast Line. v Via San Joaqnla Valley.
1 Car" Only trains stopping at Valencia St. sonthhoaad
»^r6:10A.3«..+ / ::<»-»*-'l:WA.M..S:S0y.s».and«:. - »*Jt.
7-6*;;, .
WEEffciLL,
16 Pages. SlperYeaf
DOAN'S KIDNEY PILLS.
BHEgBaHaKHBBBBaBMnaBHMHBgaBHBBBBBa«BBBaBaBBBBB,BaHngigBnaaBiaBggBBaaasga
bo .' ' ¦ — ' ~oa
| The aches and pains oF the back are timely /^S^fsd^^^^^^TN §
a troubles. You may think them bad enough, but W^^^^^MW^&^i''i a
I neglect a bad back and the serious side of this »
g timely warning is soon apparent. °
| Early warnings of kidney ills come through the ~^W£§ X k\ M^&^^^^W/ *
b back and are the kidneys' cry For help. You must I °
| relieve the congested kidney conditions or the im- 5=p W. M^pj§ IfPj"^/ a
g puritiesintended to becarried^off circulate through iH^^J^^ a
a the blood and dangerous diseases follow. Neg- c^l.J u2* Vjjw /$P^ §
U lected kidneys cause urinary disorders, dropsy, v p
| rheumatism, diabetes, Brighfs disease. Doan's Kid- a
B ney Pills cure any of the many kidney disorders. dm?* n
' - 5
| | SAN FRANCISCO PROOF. |g
h A TTfiiii Pi*£»a r^-*^-^^--v^ — -^ —^--s^^-^ — 9
g a\. 1 l 1C41 1 1 vv i ?
| TO SAH FRANCISCO CALL READERS. W. P. Candy, employed in fruit cannery, residence 318 ) g
S . '¦ > ~"~"i Minna St., says : "I have gone out of my way to induce \ S
g j&?/J$$femtD0cin 5^^^k friends and acquaintances who I knew suffered from back- \ 5
§ m[^^^V^^ ne^^^m ache or kidne y complaint to use Doan's Kidney Pills. In j g
H V» /^^wlu !so tti If* x^Sm * act ' I nave never lost an opportunity to indorse them very ( ¦
B X£j&itww< c«»w»nrr&vriy forcibly. I have erood reasons for so doinsr. I knew that my \ ¦
Q -«*->»iH»in MiinniniB -ih.^ jo o "^ ( B
? name— kidneys were either excited or weakened. I knew I required ) ¦
H p. o some medicine to soothen, purify and wash them, and I se-( ?
q state . lected Doan's Kidney Pills. They did the work thoroughly, \ n
EH For free trial box. mail this eonpon to „„¦ .1 j • . < \ D
D Portcr-HUbum Co., Buffalo, K. Y. I/above qUietly and qUICkly. ) Q
rj epace li lnanfflcleut, write address on s?pa- * \ ...
¦ I rate Hip. | .^^^^^^^ s--^-J U
m "^ *" " ~~~ ~ 7 n
gj Ci — ¦ ¦ OO
[aaggagEizaBaoagnBaagsaBgignEaHagaBaaHangBHBaeaaBaaaaHaLaaaanaagaansigBgaBna
ADVERTISEMENTS.
1 'Fairly Sparkling in Beer Goodness"
OF BEER, DECLARE
Superior from all point* oi .
view; Focseastaff absolute pur-
ity, proper agre and Honest
Flavor. Adapted to all tastes
according to Brew and Brand.
EXPOBT WESIK PRIVATE STOCK MUEHCHENER
Aak for "BLATZ" at Club or Bar.
TAL. BLATZ BREWING CO., MILWAUKEE
Brauhsctiweiger & Co., me.
5 and 7 DRUM /it ST., San Francisco,
T>1. Main 1646. -.Whola«al> Dealers:
Weak Men aDd Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
Great Mexican Remedy: arives health and
etreneth to sexual organs. Desot. 323 Market
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I necktie whenever you need ( ~ , j
I one and paying regular price for it, \*£ '-*
I why not take aavantage of one of our
I sales and lay in a supply? \
I For a few days we will sell a number
of four-bit ties for 40c. They are imperials,
four-in-hands and tecks, in the swellest of
colors and designs that are popular this
season.
We will have them on display in our show- ¦
cases— look at them and you will readily see
j that they are worth every cent of 50c.
Out-of-town orders filled— write us.
8 740 Market StreetThe appeals have been perfected so far
as the record is concerned and their hear
ing by the Supreme Court is the next
Hiiiia Mjtaq Ui* BrooraraiK*.
BUTTE. Mont., Nov. 3.— The appeals in
the three receivership and Injunction suits
of Lamm & MacGinniss against the Amal
gamated Company and other mining con
cerns of this city which caused the great
shutdown will be brought before the Su
preme Court to-morrow. They will be
brought up before the court of last resort
upon a motion to advance them for hear
ing upon the docket of the court.
The attorneys for the Amalgamated,
Boston and Montana and Parrott compa
nies will present the appeals and the mo
tion to the' court. ;
Motion Will Be Made To-Day in. Mon
' tana Supreme Court to Advance
Cases on Docket.
COPPER COMPANY APPEALS
ABE BEADY FOB HEABING
Mexican Authorities Release Toscano.
CITY OF MEXICO, Nov. 3.— Ellas Tos
cano, who made a disturbance at Guana-
Jato by firing off his pistol in the presence
of President Diaz, was on examination
released, as he had clearly no intention
of shooting the President. This closes the
Incident.
During one. of the intervals an excep
tionally capable "orchestra discoursed the
Then came the reading of the imperial
edict by H. Soyejima, which in turn was
followed by a stirring oration In English
by K. Koda. The whole company then
arose and joined in singing the national
anthem of Japan, "Our Emperor For
ever." The anthem was sung in sturdy
fashion and then three cheers of "Ban
zai" went up In enthusiastic accord. An
official address was delivered by the Con
sul General and several tots were paraded
to the platform and repeated the national
anthem. ';,'i : p.
The programme which followed con
sisted of numerous items, from music on
the native instruments of Japan, brave
sword dances and fencing, which was at
moments balr-raising; children's songs
and a Japanese classical song. There was
also an acrobatic performance by two ex
ceedingly agile young people, which won
thunders of applause, and moving pic
tures, which gave the greatest delight to
young and old. The entertainment closed
with a rousing "Banzai" for the Japan
ese In America. *-lV. :.."-¦
IMPOSING CEREMONIES.
The day's entertainment, like that of
the evening at Mechanics' Pavilion, gave
any amount of amusement. Both pro
grammes were diversified and novel and
perhaps the celebration in the evening
was more imposing for the reason that
the thousands seated gave some idea of
the numerical strength of the colony and
by their appearance testified to their ma
terial welfare.
All the men and the women carried a
huge chrysanthemum, the imperial flower
of Japan, so styled because of ' the ad
miration bestowed on it by the first
reigning Emperor. ':¦¦:¦; 7
As K. Abiko, the chairman of the even-
Ing's festivity, arose from his seat on the
platform to deliver the opening remarks,
he was received with a volley of cheers.
His words rang with patriotism and re
spect for the Emperor' and his sentiments
were heartily indorsed by the vast assem
blage.
SING IBIPEBTAT, ANTHEMS.
The Japanese Consul General, Kisaburo
Uyeno, with his suite, was of the dis
tinguished party representing the court of
Japan and received for the Emperor the
congratulations of his subjects resident in
San Francisco.
The Japanese colony to the number of
4000 met yesterday at the tea garden, H
street and Seventh avenue, and began the
day's festivities in honor of the fifty-first
birthday of their imperial master, the
Mikado, Mutsuhlto.
The recreation ground was alive with
color, was gay with flag and streamer,
and a babbling of the voices of the loyal
and genial subjects of his imperial Ma
jesty filled the air.
American' and Japanese flags flapped
side by side and numerous United States
citizens assisted in the ceremonies.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 3.— Mrs. Jeanette
Gray, a Los Angeles woman, is preparing
to remarry Thomas H. Bradford, a prom
inent citizen of Grand Rapids, Mich.,
from whom she was divorced ten years
ago. She is also a member of a prominent
Grand Rapids family and the story of her
married life is curiously romantic.
Thomas Bradford \ and Jeanette Gray
were schoolmates back In Michigan years
ago. Things went along smoothly until
the parents and grandparents -of the
young woman concluded the friendship
was getting entirely too serious and de
termined to break it up. Young Bradford
was denied admission to the girl's home;
but they managed to meet frequently and
finally planned to elope, trusting the
girl's family would feel differently dis
posed toward the young man after the
wedding ceremony.
The relatives, instead of being forgiving,
were all the more bitter after the mar
riage and a wealthy grandmother issued
an ultimatum to the effect that unless
her granddaughter gave up her husband
she would give her fortune to charity in
stead of willing it to the granddaughter.
The grandmother to Los Angeles
and suffered a serious illness which prom
ised to end her life.
Bradford and his wife withstood the
Importunities of her relatives for a year
and then, supposing that the grandmother
had not long to live, agreed to separate,
he- returning to Michigan ami she after a
time securing a divorce on the ground of
desertion. The grandmother recovered
her health and lived nearly ten years.
She died only recently and left her.for
tune of $50,000 to her granddaughter.
Then Mrs. Gray telegraphed her husband
and suggested a remarriage. On Novem
ber 1!) they v/ill be married again in
Grand Rapids.
Special Disr>atch to The Call.
Anniversary* of His Na
tal Day Celebrated
by Thousands.
Former Husband Will
Remarry Wealthy
Erstwhile Wife.
WEDDING TO END
LONG SEPARATION
The dry was taken up with meetings of
the Baptist Young People's Union. Re T
ports of committees showed that the
union's work has been greatly extended
during the past year throughout all the
southern counties, and that the society
generally is in, a very prosperous condi
tion. To-morrow the real work of the
Baptist convention will begin and day
and night sessions will continue through
out the remainder of the week.
SANTA BARBARA, Nov. 3.— The^ an
nual meeting of the Southern California
Baptist Association opened here to-day
with a large attendance. Over 200 dele
gates were in the city when the first ses
sion opened this afternoon.
Annual Meeting Begins at Santa
Barbara With Two Hundred
Delegates.
BAPTISTS IN SESSION
IN SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA
Collier Will Carry Coal From San
Diego to Panama.
SAN DIEGO. Nov. 3.— The first local ef
fect of the disturbance in Panama was
received this evening In the form of or
ders from the Navy Department to Cap
tain Shurtleff of the United States collier
Nero to leave for Panama with all pos
sible dispatch.
The Nero arrived here six days ago
with 3400 tons of coal from Philadelphia
for the use of the Pacific fleet, which was
expected Ito arrive here in a few weeks
from the south. The fleet went south
two weeks ago under command of Ad
miral Glass. The Marblehead, Concord
and Wyoming were ordered to Acapulco
and the Boston, though under sealed or
ders, was supposed to be on her way to
Panama to show the flag there and then
join the other ships at Acapulco and come
north. .
The revolution at Panama makes the
change In the plans necessary and the
three ships of the squadron will un
doubtedly be ordered to Join the Boston
at Panama, where the Nero will supply
them with coal.
NERO ORDERED SOUTH.
JAPAN'S RULER
SHOWN HONORS
According to his estimate, there are
less than 1000 Government troops in the
state of Panama at present. But. accord
ing to his latest Information there- are
STRENGTH OF COLOMBIA.
Dr. Thomas Herran, the Colombian
Charge, received his first information of
the revolution at Panama from the Asso
ciated Press. He was much interested,
but not surprised, as he has been aware
for some time of the desperate feeling of
the people of the isthmus and has gone
so far as to warn his Government that
some such occurrence was likely to take
place. Dr. Herran expects to get infor
mation from his Government very soon,
as In his judgment the revolution will not
interrupt cable communication with Bo
gota".
The rejection of the Panama Canal
treaty is generally supposed to be the
moving cause for the revolution, but no
official information on the subject was
obtained. After the conference the state
ment was authorized that the sole pur
pose for the dispatch of the vessels was
the protection of American Interests.
The most explicit instructions are being
cabled to-night to the American consuls
at Panama and Colon and to the com
mander of the Dixie, who is In charge of
the vessels on the Atlantic side, to direct
their movements with this end In view.
The further statement was authorized
that tho State Department regards the
situation as a serious one, but that the
arrival of the Nashville to-day and the
immediate dispatch of the other vessels
Insure3 the protection of American inter
ests.
WASHINGTON, Nov. S.— Sensational
advices were received to-night
from the Isthmus of Panama to
the effect that a revolution was in
progress and Independence had been pro
claimed. President Roosevelt at 9 o'clock
sent for Secretary Hay, Acting Secretary
of the Navy Darling, Assistant Secretary
of State Loomis and Admiral Taylor to
come to the White House, where, after
a conference lasting nearly two hours,
orders were dispatched to the Dixie and
the Atlanta, on the Atlantic side, and the
Boston on the Pacific Coast, to proceed
with all possible speed to isthmian waters
to aid the Nashville in protecting Amer
ican interests and maintaining a free
transit across the isthmus in accordance
with the treaty.
Orders were also sent to Rear Admiral
Glass, commanding the Pacific squadron,
consisting of the Concord, Marblehead
and Wyoming, at Acapulco, to coal im
mediately and hold its crew ready to pro
ceed on a moment's notice. When the
Baltimore reaches Santo Domingo orders
will be cabled to her to go to the isthmus
if the situation demands her presence.
CONSULS ABE INSTRUCTED.
The Baltimore is now on her way to
Santo Domingo because of an outbreak
and disturbed conditions, but upon her ar
rival at Santo Domingo probably will be
ordered to proceed to the isthmus. The
Dixie, it Is stated, has 400 marines on
board, a force that would come in very
handy in the event that It Is desired to
land a force on the Isthmus.
MARINES MAY LAND.
Shortly before 10 o'clock Lieutenant
Belknap, the cipher officer of the Bureau
of Navigation, came over from the Navy
Department to the White House bringing
a message. He was followed by Assist
ant Secretary Darling. There was a hur
ried conference between the President
and the two secretaries, following which
Lieutenant Belknap returned to the Navy
Department in great haste. A few min
utes after the conference Admiral Tay
lor, Chief of the Bureau of Navigation,
called and was immediately admitted to
the Cabinet room, where the President
was.
Dr. Herran does not expect any speedy
recognition by the United States of a
government formed at Panama, but real
izes that this Government will keep the
transit open on the railway and may find
it necessary in so doing to support any
government in the city of Panama that
is In control, which would be greatly to
the advantage of the revolutionists.
The state of Panama has a population
of about 250,000 people, and it is declared
is really the poorest portion of the re
public of Colombia. There has been some
sympathy with Panama and a trend to
ward independence of the states west of
the mountains on the Pacific side and
bordering on the Caribbean Sea on the
Atlantic side. These states are also in
terested In the construction of the canal,
while the people of Panama think the
canal is a life and death issue. Dr. Her
ran attributes the uprising to the intense
desire on the part of the people on the
isthmus for the construction of the canal,
and on this account fe&s that the move
ment is more serious than the attempted
revolutions heretofore.
The following cablegram was received
at the State Department to-night from
the United States Consul at Panama:
"An uprising took place at Panama to
night Independence was proclaimed. The
Colombian army and naval officials were
made prisoners. A Government was to
be organized consisting of three Consuls
and a Cabinet. It Is rumored at Panama
that a similar uprising was to take place
at Colon."
three Colombian Government warships on
the Pacific side of the isthmus and three
or four on the Atlantic side. The Gov
ernment has 60,000 troops , under arms in
the Interior and on the western coast and
these can be moved by transports to Pan
ama or vicinity, but could not be sent
overland.
When the White House conference
broke up at 11 o'clock not much beyond
the official telegram received and orders
given would be stated by those partici
pating in it. There is a very general be
lief that the rejection of the Panama
canal treaty by Colombia caused the peo
ple of the isthmus to decide to set up a
government of their own, but none of the
officials of the administration would au
thorize any statement to the effect that
this was the case.
Acting Secretary of the Navy Darling
made a statement regarding the location
of the United States ships likely to ba
called on for Isthmian service. He said:
"The Atlanta is now at Jamaica: the
Dixie is supposed to be in the vicinity of
Jamaica: the Nashville Is at Colon; Ad
miral Glass' squadron, comprising the
Marblehead, Wyoming and Concord, is at
Acapulco; the Boston is a little farther
down the coast at San Juan del Sur,
Nicaragua." .
The movements of these vessels, added
Mr Darling, will be directed by tbe Navy
Department pursuant to requests from
the State Department.
Thus far no Information has come to
the Government Indicating that our naval
officers, who have pretty broad authority
in such matters, have landed marines.
In fact, the early advices received by the
Navy Department merely stated that the
Nashville had arrived at Colon and that
the situation Is serious. In addition to
the orders given above orders were Is
sued to-night to the Atlanta to proceed
from Jamaica to Colon.
PANAMA, Colombia, Nov. 3.-— The independence of the isthmus was pro
claimed at 6 p. m. to-day. A large and enthusiastic crowd of all political
parties assembled and marched to the headquarters of the Government
troops, when General Tovar and General Amaya, who arrived this morning, were
imprisoned in the name of the Republic of Panama. The enthusiasm was im
mense and at least 3000 of the men in the gathering were armed. The battalion
of Colombian troops at Panama favors the movement, which is also thought to
meet with the approval of at least two of the Government transports now here.
Warships of the United States Are Hastily Ordered
to Proceed to Points Near the Scene
of the Disturbances.
SAYS MOTHER
ENDED LIFE
OF DAUGHTER
GOVERNOR SLAPS
AT LEGISLATORS
Oregon Executive Com
ments on Special
Session Evil.
Exhausted Treasury Not So
Serious as a Meeting
of Solons.
Writer Mystifies
Police by Notes
on Tragedy.
ROSEBURG, Or.. Nov. 3.-Governor
Chamberlain passed through Roseburg to
day en route to Salem, from his trip to
Washington. Asked what his action
would be regarding calling a special ses
sion of the Legislature to pass a new tax
law, the Governor said:
"I am extremely reluctant about con
vening the Legislature In special session.
It is a question in my mind whether an
exhausted treasury will prove as great
an evil as a special session of the Oregon
Legislature.
"I cannot state definitely what course
I shall pursue until my return to Salem,
when I will carefully ascertain the con
dition of the several funds created for
the support and maintenance of the sev
eral public institutions. If I find that
they will be so depleted and impaired
or so great an Indebtedness created by
failure to convene the Legislature as to
seriously cripple the public service and
place the employes of the State, counties
and cities at the mercy of the broker. I
will call a special session. Otherwise,
not."
Sp«c!al Dispatch to Tb« Call.
ALLENTOWN. Pa., Nov. 3.— "Was Ma*
bel H. Bechtsl murdered by her mother
and did Bechtel commit suicide to shield
his parent? This Is now the question that
has corns up In Allentown's latest trag
edy.
Chief of Police Eastman and local news
paper men both received to-day Identical
anonymous letters from Philadelphia
stating that Mrs. Bechtel was the mur
deress of her daughter. The police think
the letters may have been written by a
reiatlve of tho Bechtela, but are Inclined
to give credence to them. The letters read:
"I read in to-day's paper you are at a
standstill on the Bechtel case. I would
like to give my view of the case. Mrs.
Bechtel killed the girl. Tom carried her
to the basement and probably, too, tna
boys did not know anything about the
murder until the body was found. The
girls were told next day. This Is my view:
when the girl arrived home on Sunday
night her mother commenced to quarrel
and the girl told her she would leave
home for good, which enraged the mother
more than ever." <
The lettera advance the theory that the
mother took a hatchet to frighten the
girl. In the quarrel Mabel was struck and
killed. Then there was a family confer
ence and a decision to remove the body
and shield the mother.
The letter further says:
"If Tom killed the girl he would have
confessed to have the mother found out
and convicted for murder. I suggest you
get the old woman to your room alone on
some excuse, then send word to both
girls that she has confessed all and is
all broken up and see what will happen."
Not a word which could be construed as
even a partial confession has been uttered
by any of the Bechtels.
GRAVESTONE QUESTION
MAY END IN IiAWSTJIT
Contractor Furnishes Headpieces for
a Paupers' Cemetery, but Is
Not Paid.
SAN DIEGO, Nov. 3.-Distrlct Attorney
Casslus Carter, by rendering an opinion
contrary to the opinion rendered by his
predecessor, T. L. Le wis# re i atlve to the
furnishing of grave stones for paupers
has introduced complications which will'
probably involve the county In a law
suit. Some time ago the county entered
into a contract with J. B. Westgate for
o50 stones at $2 50 each, to be set at pau
pers' graves. It was also contracted that
he should furnish stones in the future as
occasion demanded, at the same rate.'
Westgate recently furnished two stones
and sent in his bill for J5. District At
torney Carter gave to the Board of Su
pervisors his opinion that the account was
not one which the county could pay
claiming that burial expenses and funeral
expenses were not synonymous terms and
that the law allowing the county to bury
the dead did not give authority to incur
expenses of a marker for the grave. The
opinion is met with disfavor by the
Board of Supervisors, which, however
does not dare, under the circumstances!
to audit Westsrate's bills.
Prominent San Jose Lawyer Weds.
SAN JOSE. Nov. 3.— Charles M. Lorigan.
one of the most prominent attorneys of
this city, was married to Miss Eugenia
Bohlmann this morning. The ceremony
was performed in St. Joseph's Catholic
Church by the Rev. Father Gleeson. MI33
Laura Bohlmann. a sister of the bride,
acted as bridesmaid and Barthol Lorigan,
a nephew, attended the groom.
PROCLAMATION OF INDEPENDENCE FOLLOWS AN UPRISING IN PANAMA
AND COLOMBIAN ARMY AND NAVY OFFICIALS ARE THROWN INTO JAIL
ICE BARRIERS
ENCLOSE NOME
IRON WHECK
MAY BE THAT
OF WARSHIP
Northern Mining Town
Will Be Isolated
Seven Months.
Last Vessels Leave the Har
bor in the Nick
of Time.
Fishermen Locate
Hulk, Probably
the Condor.
EpecUJ Dispetch to Th* Call.
SEATTLE. Wash.. Nov. 3.— With the
sailing cf the Oregon . and Corwin from
Nome October 25 the season of navigation
ended and the far northern camp is iso
lated frcm steamship communication with
the outside world for at least seven
months.
The Oregon and Corwin got away none
too soon, for the harbor was filled with
floating Ice not coming from the Arctic,
but forming in the shoals along shore
and stretching out over the sea The
weather was growing colder daily and a
solid freeze was due any night.
The Oregon arrived here to-day, coming
by way of Dutch Harbor. The Corwin
was also to make Dutch Harbor and then
come down the inside passage, arriving
here probably Saturday. The Oregon to
day completed her sixth round trip of
the season, a feat never before accom
plished. During the season she has
transported £425 passengers, SOOO tons of
freight and $2,000,000 in gold.
The winter population of Nome and vi
cinity is variously estimated at from
2500 to 3500. considerably less than last
winter, but conceded to be a better work
ing force, as all are actively engaged in
mining or business. The country is bet
ter rid of the floating and idle population
than ever before.
ASSASSINS ATTEMPT
TO KILL CAPTAIN EWEN
Twelve Shots Are Fired at Principal
Witness in the Kentucky
Feud Cases. '
LEXINGTON. Ky.. Nov. 3.— Twelve
shots were fired at Captain B. J. Ewen,
the star witness in the feud cases re
cently tried. The shots were fired from
a blind. One shot went through Ewen's
hat and another through the lapel of his
coat, but none of them touched him. He
was ' walking along with Judge W. H.
Mann, at whose home he is staying, and
the Judge had just crossed the alley In
front of Ewen when the firing began.
FATHEE, OF THE BRIDE
SAYS SHE STOLE MONEY
Young 1 Woman and Her Husband Go
to Jail While on a Honey
moon.
EUREKA, Nov. 3.— Mr. and Mrs. Ben
Milton; who are spending their honey
moon in Eureka, were arrested this morn
ing on complaint of the bride's father. The
young woman charged with grand lar
ceny and the husband with aiding and
abetting the commission of the crime.
The bride was formerly Miss May Pol
tras of Arcata. Her father accuses her
of hiving broken open a trunk in his
home and taking from it $100 in cash and
his pension papers. The groom's real name
is Nelson and he is a shingle weaver by
occupation.
£p«ci*I DUjcrca to Tb* CUL
VICTORIA, B. C, Nor. 3.— Out on th«
rocky coaBt which fringes the western
shores cf Vancouver Island, fishermen.
In the pursuit of their calling, have made
& discovery full of melancholy interest.
Lying in twenty-five fathoms off Amphi
trit© Point, at the western entrance to
B&rkJey Sound, lies the wreck of an iron
vessel. TVhat the vessel is or how long she
has lain there may never be determined,
for the depth of water in which she lies
Is so great that divers do not care to take
the risks which a descent to the stranded
hull will involve.
The existence of the derelict does not
rest upo^i the unsupported testimony of
cue man. Several fishermen have en
countered it in trolling, their lines fouling
the obstruction. That the wreck Is that
of an iron craft is demonstrated by the
fact that their lines, when drawn to the
surface after being cleared of the ob
struction, were marked with rust and
Iron stains.
The location of the wreck is about five
miles from shore, and the facts in con
nection with the matter have been called
to the attention of the Agent of Marine
end Fisheries, Captain Gaudin, by J. Sut
ton, who has large interests on the west
coast and to whom the fishermen commu
nicated the nature of the discovery they
have made.
The vessel may either have struck near
where the lies, or she may have found
ered and been carried by the tides which
set so strong' coastward In these waters,
to where she is now resting. She may
easily be one of half a dozen vessels
which have (rone down in that latitude in
the last year or two. Captain Gaudin
Is naturally anxious to obtain more infor
mation on the subject, and on hearing: the
news communicated the facts to Rear Ad
miral Bickford, in command of the squad
ron at Esquimalt, at the same time inti
mating that there is a possibility of its
being the lost Condor, the sloop of war
which went to the bottom' with her gal
lant crew of over 100 men in the Decem
ber gale of nearly two years ago. It is
possible that the authorities at Esqui
ma!t may take steps by dragging or oth
<rwi«Ms to attempt to bring to the surface
something to identify the craft which lies
so far beneath the surface of the waters.
The presence of the submerged hulk on
the coast will recall many horrors of the
Ffa. The big collier Matteawan, with 4S50
tons of coal on board, for San Francisco;
the Keewenaw and Montserrat, colliers,
p.r.d other craft have been among the
known wrecks on that coast. There is a
possibility that the wreck is one or other
of the colliers, but -what strengthens the
i<ea that the wreck is that of the Con
dor, lost on December 3, 1901, is that
wreckage from the lost cruiser was found
probably not fifty miles from where the
submerged vessel lies.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 4, 1903.
3
JNO. J. FULTON CO.
Bright's Disease and
Diabetes News.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 2,
I 9°3- — Several - recoveries in
Bright's Disease and Diabetes
were reported during the past
week. Following is the most in-
teresting one: (First let it be
said that Mr. Lathrop thought at
the end of the first three bottles
that it was going to fail in his
case, and so wrote us, bnt he.stuck
to it with the following results) :
Minneapolis. Minn.. October 23, 1903.
Jno. J. Fulton Co.
Dear Sirs: I consider it only just and right
that I should write you that I have now taken
eight bottles of your Diabetic Compound and
that it has done Its work. I am now on the
ninth and would like for you to write me to
Duluth. care St. Louis Hotel, how long I
should continue it. It la a savior for the afflict-
ed. Although I had lost so much flesh and
strength and was so weak, yet I have now a
splendid appetite and digestion, can get., up
early and retire late and am good and. strong
again carrying as I do two heavy trays load-
ed with shoes. I. am a traveling: shoe salesman
for Johansen Bros. Shoe Co. of St. Louis, and
have traveled for forty years and do not Intend
dying with Diabetes. I am loaded down with
shoe catalogues, but please send me a few of,
yours for merchant frlend3 whom I come In
touch with. Trusting you and your found
remedy may live to do many others as' much
good as • you have done me.
Fraternally yours,
FRED N. LATHROP.
About 87 per cent of all cases' of
Bright's -Disease and Diabetes
are now curable. There are over
2000 cases now ' on the Fulton
Compounds, j Send for literature.
: Jno. J. Fulton Co., 409 Washing-
ton; St., San Francisco, Sole Com-
S'nhiiniiL a -% /
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Offer Two Excellent
OVERCOATS
$l8.OO and $25.OO
MADE FROM THE WELL KNOWN
Peacedale Meltons
Which Is Highly Recommended for Its
Durable Wearing Qualities.
2 Shades — Oxford Gray and Black. •
AT $18.00
THAT LOOSE, GRACEFUL, BROAD-SHOULDERED
BELL BOX EFFECT, REACHING TO THE KNEES
THESE COATS ARE VENETIAN LINED (LOOKS
LIKE SATJN AND WEARS AS WELL).
Al 825.00
SIMILAR BUILD— BETTER TAILORED— 2 LENGTHS-
TO THE KNEE, TO THE SHOE TOP— SILK LINED*
-THE VERY BEST QUALITY OF SILK USED.
G. You must see these coats before purchasing.
m KEARNY AT POST _
¦^^¦¦hbwSwqb^^^^b^U^h^h^mm more convenient*
~~^^^^^ ADVERTISEMENTS,
A suit to your measure for $ I5
This is a fourth of a series of advertisements
which enumerate the advantages to be gained in hav-
ing us make -your clothes.
,We have showed how we could save you $5 or
$10 on your purchase— have told about buying the
cloth direct from the mills— about the great number oi
patterns to choose from and about our system of
measuring and cutting.
Now we come to the tailoring. We employ ex-
pert tailors— craftsmen whose minds have been trained
to think as well as their hands to work in their chosen
occupation. Our tailoring is done by union labor and
our shop is clean and healthful. We guarantee every
Prices are from $10 to $35. We are showing a
fine line of patterns at $15. See them — you don't
need to buy.
Suits satisfactorily made to order for out-of-town customers — write
for blank and samples.
740 Market Street and
Cor. Powell and Eddy Sts.Surely the recording angel Is lenient
with a man who has a big family-in-law.
The Roman soldier was fed on coarse
brown bread and sour wine. The Spanish
peasant who works all day and dances all
night eats only black bread and onions.
SAN JOSE. Nov. 3. — The report of . the
County ' Health Officer for October showa ,the
amall death list of twenty-«ix. There Is. not
a case of smallpox in the county nor a recog
nized case of typhoid fever. There are a Xew
cases of .diphtheria and scarlet fever. -
Geneva.— A Bernese has had an unpleas
ant experience which he is likely to re
member all his life. . /
While returning home late in the night
the worse for drink, he fell Into the bear's
pit at Berne. Fortunately, he was in the
part res«rved for young bears, . and he
went to sleep surrounded by the animals.
On discovering his plight next morning
he shouted for help, and. with the aid of
ropes and a ladder he was drawn up into
the street, apparently none the worse, for
the adventure.
His sleep might have been of a longer
duration if he had fallen a few yards to
the left, where the full-grown animals are
confined.— London Dally Chronicle.
A Night With the Bears.
OAKLAND, Nov. 3.— A demurrer and
cross complaint have been filed in the
suit of Edward C. Sessions vs. the Oak
land Harbor Development Company over
what is known as the Sessions Basin in
East Oakland.
From the pleadings it appears that E.
C. Sessions entered into a contract with
Horace VT. Carpentler In 18S5 to purchase
this tract of land. Sessions paid $22,210 10
and the taxes for property valued at
$75,000. The land was afterward trans
ferred to the development company and
it is alleged that Sessions has never paid
the remaining . balance of approximately
?S,000. . ;
Oakland Harbor Development. Com
pany Claims 350,000 Is
Still Due.
CONTINUE FIGHTING OVER
SESSIONS BASIN PROPERTY
BUTTE, Mont., Nov."3.-s-A;Mlner special
from Basin, ' Mont., says the town has
been practically destroyed by a confla
gration which started at 2 o'clock this
afternoon from a bonfire built between
two buildings by some children at play.
All the business 'section has been wiped
out and the fire is still burning. The
large concentrator, of the Montana Ore
Purchasing Company was saved after
heroic work by the firemen.
A special train carried the Boulder Fire
Department about ten miles to Basin.
The loss ia estimated to be in the neigh
borhood of 560.000. ¦¦¦
Bonfire Started Between Two Build
ings by Children at Play Causes
Big Blaze. ,;
MONTANA MINING TOWN
IS DESTBOYED BY FIRE
L/WDON. Nov. 3.— King Edward, {n the
prfwnce of several - thousand people, to-day
laid the cornerstone of the King Edward VII
consumptive sanitarium at Madhurst. Sussex,
for thf erection of which Sir Ernst Cacfiel gave
1 1,000. OOP.
LIVERMORE. Nov. 3.— James Calla
ghan, a •wealthy cattleman and one of
the oldest residents in this part of the
country, died yesterday at the age of 83.
Callaghan was formerly a member of the
Canadian Mounted Police. He leaves a
daughter, who resides here.
Death of Wealthy Cattleman.
OAKLAND. Oct. 3.— Miss Elizabeth Ar
lett, a teacher in the Franklin School,
was seriously injured this noon while rid
ing a wheel to her residence, 1112 Second
avenue, from school. Shortly after Miss
Arlett started on the bicycle the front
wheel collapsed, throwing the rider with
such force as to knock her senseless.
Pedestrians passing who witnessed the
accident went to Miss Arlett'e assistance.
A carriage was called and as soon as she
had revived slightly the Injured teacher
was removed to her residence. The fam
ily refused to-night to make public any
details concerning Miss Arlett's. condition.
Miss Elizabeth Axlett Is Thrown
From Bicycle by Collapse of
Wheel.
SCHOOL TEACHER IS
HTTBT BY BAD FALL
OAKLAXD, Nov. 3.-H. C. Capwell was
elected president of the newiy organized
Security Bank and Trust Company at the
moetlng of the board of directors last
niRht, and A. D. Wilson was elected vice
president. Among 1 the members of the
board of directors of the new institution
ere: T. W. Corderer, C. J. Heeseman,
Theodore Glcr, W. H. L. Hynes, W. F.
Uurbank, E. P. Vandercook, Dr. Hay
ward G. Thomas end Charles E. Snook.
Elected President of New Bank.
PEKING, Nov. 3. — The native papers
report that a mob in the mining: dis
trict of Cn«kiang Province recently
burned a missionary church and killed
the native pastor. The priests of the
district are demanding- the execution of
the local magistrate as reparation.
Mob Burns Mission. Church.
Helena F. Bleakmore to F. L.. Kellmann,
lot on SW line of Mateo street. CO NW of
Chenery. NW 25 by SW 112. lot 184, block
6. Fairmount Tract; $10.
Johanna and I^eonard Haas to Marie Pucheu
(wife of Jean) lot on W corner of Persia and
Athens streets. SW 50 by NW 100, block 63.
Excelsior Homestead; $10. /
Georgia or Georgia F. Ranken to S. Ducas
Company (a corporation), lot on NE line of
Thirty-first avenue. 150 SE of J street SE
75 by NE 100. lot 11. block 539, Bay View
Homestead; $10.
D. McRae to> Donald McRae Furniture Com
pany lot on NW corner of Thirteenth avenue
and O street. W 120 by N 59; $10. .
Ellen A. and George S. Fife to Josephine P.
Jaudin (wife of H. U.). lot on E line of Sixth
avenue. 175 8 of I^ake street. '8 25 by E 120;
$10.
Harry TJ. Jaudin to eame, same; gift.
Edward G. and Caroline P. Beckwlth to
Emll Liess, lot on N line of Beaver street 200
W of Noe. W 75 by N 115; $CO0O.
Annie F. McDermott and Mary Morrlssey to
William McCormiek. lot . on >T line of Turk
street, 98:9 E of Taylor, E 38:9 by N 112:6;
$10. . •
Augustus S. and Ellen M. Lillle to Florlde
Wilcoxson.'- 'lot on NE line of Langton street,
225 SE of Harrison. KE 50 by NE 80; $10.
Herman Guntz to Daniel A. and Elizabeth
J. Twlgg. lot on NE line ot Garden street, ICO
SE of Harrison. SE 25 by NE 75; $10.
Herman J. and Mary A. Koch to William
H. Hardy, lot on E line of Carolina Btreet,
100 N of Twenty-fifth, N 25 by E 100; $300.
City and County of Sa# Francisco to Sarah
Ashcroft, lot on NW corner of Eighteenth and
Mississippi streets. W 25 by N 100; $ .
Ann Dermody to William G. and Ann H.
Gleefon. lot on S line of Elm avenue 63 W
of Franklin etreet W 24:6 by S 80; $10. '
Mary L.. Bates (wife of Dudley C.) to same,
lot on S line of Elm avenue. 63 -W of Frank
lin street. Wi24:6 by S 40. quitclaim deed; $10.
City and County of Ban Francisco to N.
tMers, lot on 8 line of Sacramento street, 137:6
E of Buchanan. E 28:9 by S 127 :8H; I .
A. S. and Emma C. Baldwin to John D.
Robertson, lot on S line of Washington street,
70:10 B of Buchanan. B 13:4 by 8 100; $10.
Daniel Einstein to Francis L. Glemser, lot
on B line of California street, 88:5 W of Lyon
W 25 by. S 100; $10. ,
City and County of San Francisco to John
Dupeaw. lot on N line of Dorland street, 245
E of Dolores E 80 by N 115; $ .
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
BERKELEY, Nov. 3.— The Board of
Education to-night adopted a resolution
requesting the Incorporation in the pro
posed bond issue of an item, of $15,000 for
manual training school equipment. This
la in accordance with th» general plan of
public school improvement indorsed by
the hoard.
For Mannal Training.
Daly said his conscience bothered him
after the crime had been committed,
hence his voluntary surrender.
OAKLAND, Nov. 3.— A- man giving the
name of James Daly surrendered himself
into custody at the police station this af
ternoon, declaring that he had ransacked
a residence on Hawthorne street, between
Folsonx and Harrison, San Francisco.
Daly insisted that he had stolen a num
ber of household articles, besides a bottle
filled with gold nuggets, which he had
thrown overboard while crossing the bay.
The police notified the San Francisco de
tective bureau and Daly was taken back
to San Francisco this evening by Detec
tive Ed 'Gibson.
Man "Who Says He Is a Burglar
Surrenders to the
Police.
CLAIMS CONSCIENCE
CAUSED CONFESSION
The matter was referred to the execu
tive committee for action at a special
meeting, which will be called' Immedi
ately.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Nov. 3.
Owing to the ever Increasing volume
of Eastern freight which is being shipped
to this city, the facilities for handling
freight at Sixteenth street depot are be
coming abeolutely inadequate, and the
Express and Dray Men's Association has
appealed to the Board of Trade request
ing that body to take some action that
will result in the betterment of existing
conditions.'
Following Is the communication:
Oakland Board of Trade. Edwin Stearns,
Secretary, 5UU Twelfth street. Oakland— r>ai;
Sir: The Express and Dray Men's As«ociat on
wish to call your honorable body a attention
to th« prenent condition* existing at the blx
. teenth-etreet depot. Many of the merchants
have been complaining to the express and
dray men of the delay in receiving Eastern
freight. The accommodations at Sixteenth
street depot for the hanfillng of freight are not
commensurate with the volume of business to
be handled. Carload lots have lain for thirty
days on sidetrack; the trackage la limited and
altogether Inadequate for the accommodation
of the freight to be handled. Two hours' time
is consumed each morning and one hour each
afternoon ewltching. Said time is a loss to
the draymen, as no work can be done while
cars are being switched. Cars with Eastern
freight enclosed have lain three weeks on side
track, causing loss of thirty-day dating for
cash to merchants, which causes considerable
complaint to draymen, who are powerless ( to
remedy the same. We think K thla matter
was brought to the attention of Mr. Palmer
of the Southern Pacific Company by your hon
orable body we certainly believe the matter
would receive prompt attention. Any action
you may see fit to take to better the condi
tions above mentioned, thereby benefiting the
merchants, will be greatly aPP reclated ; 1I( Ir u^'
tng you will give the matter your earliest at
tention, we beg to remain yours very respect
1 "EXPRESS AND DRAT. MEN'S ASSOCIA
TION. . c c paiuUSH, President.
S. A. WIUJAKD, Secretary.
The house In question was originally
located at 727 Eighth street and it now
looks out upon Brush street. McKeon
says that he is unable to get out of his
house without great difficulty. He sends
neighbors to a nearby grocery for his
provisions and draws them up with a
string Jn to his' elevated domicile, a la
Robinson Crusoe. He further states that
the water pipes • have all been cut and
that the connections with the sewer lead
to nowhere. The house movers, he says,
have been negligent in ¦ closing up the
cracks and the house is subject to cold
draughts, threatening his health.
James McKeon began auit to-day for
$5000 damages against Joseph L. Board
man, the aged capitalist, for lifting up a
cottage occupied by the plaintiff and tak
ing him around a corner and leaving him
eight feet ud in the air. McKeon Is a
cripple and is dependent upon a tricycle
to wheel himself about, and he states that
without any intimation as to what was
about to happen to him he and all his
belongings were moved and to get out
of his house, he is compelled to go down
a ladder.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Nov. 3.
Expressmen Claim That
Freight Is Delayed
at a Depot.
House Is Rolled Around
Corner With Fam
ily Inside.
Marriage licenses.
OAKLAND, Nov. 3.— The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Q*erk to-day: John Desoza, aged
24 years, and Jeann/e Bamber, 18, both of
Oakland; Ignaclo Rodriguez. SL and Maria
A. Oliveira, 27. both of San Lorenzo;
Antone Sllva, 24, and Mary Pastano, 17,
both of Oakland: William G. Demartini,
27, and Alice MacKenzie, 23, both of San
Francisco.
Settles Embezzlement Case.
OAKLAND, Nov. 3.— R. H. Eubanks.
arrested on complaint of A. Krye, man
ager of the Oakland Plcklo and Vinegar
Works, was discharged from custody to
day, a . settlement of the embezzlement
charge having been effected. -
SAY FACILITIES
ARE INADEQUATE
MOVES TENANT
WITHOUT LEAVE
BERKELEY, Nov. 3.— R. E. Rowlan.l.
an Orinda Park ranchman, narrowly es
caped death to-day on his ranch through
the slipping of the saddle on the horse he
was riding. His foot caught In the stir
rup as he fell over and he was dragged
a long distance before the horse waa fin
ally brought to a standstill.
Jhe accident occurred while Rowland
Tvas herding some cattl© down the steep
ranges at his place. A3 soon as the sad
dle slipped and the rider fell the horse be
came frightened and started to run down
the hillside. The helpless rider \ras
dragged over the rocky ground until hta
entire body was bruised. His exhaustion
prevented him from stopping the career
of the horse. The only thing that saved
him was the thick brush, which impeded
the animal somewhat and finally brought
it to a standstill.
Upon examination at his ranch, to
which he managed to crawl. It was dis
covered that Rowland had, besides his
bruises, a severe contusion on the head.
Saddle Slips Under R. E. Rowland of
Orlnda Park and He Has Nar
row .Escape.
BANCHMAN DRAGGED
BY FBIGHTENED HORSE
Within a month the chicken experts^ of
the Agricultural Department of the Uni
versity of California have benefited the
State the $2500 w\rth that its Legislature
appropriated last year for the establish
ment of a poultry station. In other words,
the poultry station has paid for itself,
even before it has been built.
A Marin County rancher, whose name
ia not given out at the university, had
2700 chickens a month ago. To-day he
has none. They were all destroyed within
a week by the disease that chicken ex
perts call "cholera," though this is not
the technical name for it. The chickens
were worth U apiece, so the raiser last
$2700. Another rancher had a poultry
ranch right next and he has 2300 chickens.
His chickens did not escape the scourge
and he "stood to lose" $2500. The fowls
began to drop off at the rate of forty and
fifty a day and in a little while they
would have all been dead, as the death
rate Increased every day. In his despera
tion, however, he thought of the univer
sity experts and he communicated with
Professor A. R. Ward, the chief. Dr.
Ward, assisted by H. W. Woodworth.
looked into the trouble then and after a
hard fight Bucceeded in getting the dis
ease under control. Ward received
word from the second ranch to-day that
the "cholera" had been almost entirely
wiped out, thus showing how nearly 2500
fowls and tftat many dollars were saved.
The "cholera" is the terror of the poul
try raisers. It is a germ disease that
spreads rapidly and kills the chicken*
off in the night. It is spread by the live
chickens eating the dead ones and the
contamination of the water. The chief
preventives are spraying with disinfec
tants, sanitary feeding troughs and medi
cated drinking water.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
tUS Center Street. Nov. 3.
Arrangements for the funeral were
completed to-day. It will be held from
the family residence to-morrow afternoon
at 2 o'clock and will be private. The
body will be cremated.
Dr. T. P. Tisdale, who attended Pariser
prior to his demise, said that the patient
was unable to account for the terrible
pains in his stomach, but remarked that
they might have been caused by some
thing he ate. The physician diagnosed
Pariser's trouble as ptomaine ¦ poisoning,
and treated him for it, but was unable
to stay its deadly progress. A. D. Pariser,
a son of the deceased, told of his father's
plight when the latter reached home.
After hearing the evidence, the Jury re
paired to the Pariser residence, on Cen
tral avenue, and viewed the remains.
Composing the Jury were Wnllam Ham
mond, Frank Kails, Peter Simmons, C
D. Postel, Henry Wichman, ¦ Frank P.
Furey, Walter Weeks and David W. Mar
tin. •
ALAMECA, Nov. 3.— Ptomaine poison
contained In meat which he are in a San
Francisco restaurant yesterday noon was
found to be the cause of the death of
James A. Pariser, who passed away at
his home here last evening. An autopsy
performed by Dr. Charles L. Tisdale dis
closed the presence of the deadly pto
maines in the stomach of the deceased.
The physician so testified at the Inquest
held this evening by Coroner H. B. Mehr
marn, and the jury returned a verdict
in accordance with the postmortem find
ings.
J. A. HSnterman. the waiter who served
Pariser In the restaurant, testified that
the dish of meat of which Pariser partook
was a favorite one with the deceased and
that Pariser, after eating heartily of it,
recommended it to several acquaintances
who were dining at the same table. Hln
terman stated that the meat was fresh,
having been received in the restaurant
yesterday morning. He asserted that he
always waited upon Pariser and inform
ed him as to the best dishes on the bill
of fare. ' i ...
Stamp Out the Cholera
From the Poultry
Ranches.
The prize committee is composed of Mrs.
Russell Fltton, Mrs..O. C. Kirk, Mrs.
David Baxter, Mrs. John Ellis, Mrs. B.
F. Stetson, Mrs. Will Hogarty, Miss Lena
White, Miss Emma Moffltt, Margaret
Short and Miss Annie McMlnamln.
This society has done and is continually
doing much- for charity and its work
should receive the encouragement and
support of every one.
Hugh Hogan will manage the games
and will be assisted by a corps of ladies,
including Mrs. S John Hanlon,\Mrs. H. T.
Knapp, Mrs. T. P. Hogan, Mrs. Hugh
Hogan, Miss Mary Moffltt, Miss Lucy
Donoyan,, Miss j Josephine Nesbitt, Miss
Ada Kenna and Miss Emma Kane.
A number of young girls will, act as
scorers, among them being Misses Loretta
Kirk, Mamie Macelino, Gertrude Flana
gan, May Fitzgibbons, Minnie Nolan, An
nie Abreu, Beatrice Harrington, Beth
Grandjean, Mary Hogan, Nellie Peters,
Kathleen Lynch, May Feneran, Isabelle
O'Malley, May Hogan, Katherine Kirk,
Martha Fltton, Clara Degan. Virginia
Tyrrell, Hazel Hogan, Margaret Nolan.
Clarice Graves, Loretta Knapp. Mary
McDonald, Josie Wheeland, Anita Koenlg,
Margaret Gaillard. Evelyn Cordan and
Miss Devlne.
The reception committee will include:
Mrs. Henry Derby, Mrs. Phelps, Mrs.
Alice Thompson, Mrs. P. M. Saul, Mrs.
Frank Garcia, Mrs. J. Peterson, Mrs. C.
E. McKeown, Mrs. Abreu, Mrs. Antone
Sarment, I.irs. John Donovan, Mrs. S.
Cooper, Mrs. Sunol, Mrs. J. Mills, Mrs.
Mary Baker. Mrs. J. Healy, Mrs. Huff,
Mrs. John Hogarty, Mrs. A. Cordan, Mls's
Powers, Miss Fitzgerald, Miss Annie How
ard and Mrs. M. Culleti. • '
OAKLAND, Nov. 3.— The Catholic
Ladies' Aid Society, Branch 27,
will give a whist tournament
Thursday evening at St. An
thony's Hall on Sixteenth ave
nue, East Oakland. The hall is being
elaborately decorated with festoons of red
and green and large American flags.
The whist tournaments given by tho
Ladies' Aid Society at various times in
the past have always been pleasant af
fairs and attended with great success and
everything indicates that the approaching
card festival will be no exception to the
rule. A number of handsome prizes will
be given and there Is a large reception
committee which will leave nothing un
done that may tend to the pleasure or
comfort of its guests.
MANAGER AND TWO' OF THE SCORERS OF THE WHIST TOURNA
MENT THAT WILL BE GIVEN FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE CATH
OLIC LADIES' AID SOCIETY.
BERKELEY. Nov. 3.— Charles Norris of
New York has presented to the library tho
original manuscript of the story "Two Hearts
That Beat Aa One," which was written by his
brother, the late Frank Norrla of San Fran
cisco. The «tory wu read by the author at
a university meeting Just before hU death
last year. The manuscript vraa obtained after
great difficulty by the donor, who traced it
through inquiry at a score of publisher*' of
nces. In tho letter accompanying the gift Mr.
Norris says: '"There is no disposition of my
brother's manuscript and go I would like to
see it placed In his almu mater, which h»
loved fo well."
The distribution of seats for tho football
game v.-ill be made according to Jots drawn
by the students. The names of the student*
were all placed in a hat and then drawn out.
the first pick going to No. 1 anrt so on. This
obviates the weary wait in line that has char
acterized the distribution of tickets in former
>e Mlm Kaph Mlm. tha chemistry honor so
ciety has initiated the following new mem
bers- C A. Newhall, '05; F. P. Vlckery. 'OS;
J C. Plckett. '04. -
The editorial board of tho 05 Blue an.l
Gold will invite the Affiliated Colleges to con
tribute a portion of the book. Tho college.'*
will work through a board of editors to be
chosen by their members. If the college*
accept the Invitation and edit a department.
It will be the first time It has been done la
the history of tha university.
James A. Pariser's Death
Due to Poison in
Meat.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
Loyal Japanese Propose to Raise a
Segment fcr War.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Nov. 3.— The
Japanese here are preparing for war with
Rr.Fsfa. Letters they have received from
t!Kir countrymen at home have so con
vinced them that a conflict is imminent
that they have begun active preparations
for the formation and equipment of a
reslxaent of at least 800 men from British
Columbia. In Japan the laws of conscrip
tion are very strict. If Japanese now
resident in British Columbia did not re
turn to the country's aid in case of war
they would be to arrest and im
prisonment if they returned to Japan at
any later time. The 5000 Japanese are not
wanting In patriotic enthusiasm, however,
and are anxious to go or send representa
tives to fight the Russians. To-day
speeches wcre made to the. Vancouver
Japanese en the war question and the
Japanese are simply itching for a fight.
Individually the Japanese are very brave
or.d have no fear of encountering death In
battle. Nearly one-half of the number In
British Columbia now formerly wcre In
the army and were allowed to emigrate
£s a reward for volunteer service.
EXCITE2IENT 12* VAITCOTJVEB.
Declare That Russia's Ev^atiomof ;
Yoagampbo, on ths Yalu ILiver,
Points to an Understanding
With the 2Iik£do.
Spooial TV.y^tclj to The <*H.
<VLI. isCBEAC. MM G STI1KKT. N. j
-vacuauon of Ycnsirapbo. on
airer i« considered cxtttenely sigr.ifleant
by tb'e official of the State Department;
:,nd the diplomats of Washington. No of- j
££%££££ neb a valuable strategic ,
point ¦»**» she had come to an . agroe- |
Sont vrltii Japan wblA «gJS£»£ !
uGreemcm by lUwsta. Japan and ue.- j
Kany vebmby Bsota p*«ctoe» not to^n
l-l- V jr ui Japa«*e laCaeacejto Kofa,
,„*. urrees io ooatianed Rus- i
lZ ,SW o« MaBchurta without
tautest. whUe Oencan agrees to remain
¦ es ivo, having possibly ea^mi promises I
which wil! rc-bosir.d profitably lo her in
'Tlw'araOTnceniEDt that Fecretary Hay
-lad refu?fi to aid China i:t forcing R,us
• in. to evacuate, as requested by Chinese
Kir Chen Tu?,g Uitig Oheng. oc
casiooed little surprise here to-day as it
1 ;•* been ReneraJ!y known lhat the l-nite<l
Plates will take no steps until the Amen
<-an-Chinoae comirxTcial treaty is raU-
Ded and AJBCrtcaa treaty rights ara in
fringed.
Senator Cullom. chairman of the Corn
tciltee on FoHfn Rt'.at'.ons. called on
S^cretar>- Hay 10-day. The HdminLstra
-tioti desires a ?poo<iy ratification of the
treaty a 1 an * xtra s«.f=s>cn of the Senate.
Tor the United Status ta protest against
the llussian occupation of Moukden, one
bt the open ports provlii*!. by the treaty,
vouid he 111 • advis«l.
PKXING, Nov. 3.— Prince C5iir.gr, pres
ident of the Chinese Foreign Office, and
* VTans Wen Shao of Uie Foreigrn Otfice,
the two ofiiclals who conducted the re
«>rt Manchurian negotiations with Rus
t-ia. wore absent from yesterday's con
ference at the summer .palace with the
Dowager Empress, concerning the reoc
cupatioa of Moukden by the Russian
troop*. The familiar plea cf Illness was
their excuse for non-altendar.ce, but It Is
believed in official circles that they had
been representing to the Empress that
TJanchurian affairs were progressing sat
isfactorily and were reluctant to face the
rtveiations likely to bo ma'le at the con
ference when Yuan Shi Kai, Governor
General of Chili province, and Chang
Chi Tung, Director cf Commerce, took
leading parts.
ST. PETERSBURG. Nov. 3.— The opti
mistic feeling on the subject of the Rus
so-Japariese situation which has contin
—"uously prevailed here, has now become
a distinct conviction that the crisis is
past and a rupture is now regarded as
extremely remote. The negotiations at
Tokio are. proceeding toward adjustment
without a" hitch.
Say That the Immediate Pos
sibility of War Is Now
Averted.
CHICKEN EXPERTS
SAVE THE FOWLS
The civil law marriage service is rot an
extended one end Jailer Harry Clark and
a chance visitor acted ae the witnesses.
Desoza waa taken from his cell and the
ceremony quickly performed. After a
short visit with her husband the bride
departed. She stated that she would go
to Governor Pardee with a petition for
her husband's pardon.
Desoza, caught under one of the many
definitions of vagrant known to the law,
is walled ud in jail under a six months'
sentence which will not expire until next
February. Believing that If she married
Desoza she could aid him in securing a
pardon. Mi3s Bamber went to the County
Clerk to-day and secured a marriage
license. Justice of the Peace Geary was
then retained to perform the ceremony
and thus reinforced the bride proceeded
to the County Jail.
There was a marriage in the County
Jail here this afternoon, Jeannie Bam
ber was the bride and John Desoza the
groom. There will be no honeymoon for
the present, but the couple say it will be
Just as enjoyable when freedom comes to
the groom.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway. Nov. 3.
The City Council has also initiated leg
islation for general fire department re
quirements. Ordinances authorizing th«
expenditure of $30C0 on steamers Noa. '£
and 4 have been passed. The Board of
Public Works has been authorized to use
$1500 in purchase of horses and $1600 for
hose. An ordinance calling for bids for
the erection of a chemical fire engine
house on the lot in Linda Vista district.
Piedmont, given to the city by residents
of that section, has been passed.
Superintendent Babcock has made a
complete investigation of the depart
ment's needs and has offered many Ideas
for valuable improvements. The rapid
growth of the city has outstripped facil
ities In thl3 important branch of the
municipal service. It is the purpose of
the City Council to renovate the system
thoroughly as rapidly as the department,
can handle the Improvements.
The City Council has passed to print
an ordinance which calls for bids for the
installation of new switchboard appara
tus in the fire alarm headquarters, at a
cost of t>500. This is the first step toward
the establishing of a modern electrical
system of handling the delicate mech
anism of the department, along lines sug
gested by Superintendent George Bab
cock. The next move will be to do away
with the chemical battery system, an ex
pensive method, and to supplant It with
direct electrical current for the operation
of the alarm circuits.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
111S Broadway, Nov. 3.
FINDS PTOMAINE
CAUSED DEMISE
It is understood that a contract has
been plac*n>'for another ferry-boat of the
same yattcrn as the two now in use. \
The company is erecting a temporary
vaiti!ig-room on the south sida of the
r'pnt of way between Adeline street and
fan Pal.lo avenue. The structure will be
V£> feet in length and open en the s:de
facir-s the track. TJ-is will serve to ehej
t-:-r the patrons from the weather until a
permanent depot is trected.
Work on the new rolling stock of the
company is being pushed as rapidily as
possible and it is !Uc»ly that next Sunday
will witness the inauguration of the reg
ular thiry-minute service on the new
route.
Tfcfl traffic on the new "Key" route
ferry system during the first three days
of operation has been larger than the
mar.ajrerF of the new ferry expected.
Th<j earnings for. the lirst day of opera
tion vrcre IS25 40, fcr the second day $442 30
and fcr the third. day J423 70, making a
total of ?1131 40 for three days. The esti
mated expense of operation is $275 a day.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, Xov. 3.
Diplomats Think He Has
Reached Agreement
With Japan.
New System Taxed to the
Utmost by Increase of
Business.
Modern Apparatus in Alarm
Signal System Soon to
Be Installed.
She Will Endeavor to Save
Him . From Serving
Sentence.
Earnings for First 'Three
Days of Operation Ag
gregate 31191 40.
City Council Initiates
Moves for Needed 'I
Improvements.
Jeannie Bamber Marries
John Desoza in the
County Jail.
St. Anthony's Hall Is Being Decorated With Festoons
and Flags for Affair and an Active Reception Com
mittee Will Look After Pleasure of the Guests
CZAR'S MOVE
SIGNIFICANT
OF PEACE
HEAVY TRAFFIC
ON "KEY" ROUTE
THEY WILL HAVE
NO HONEYMOON
FIRE FIGHTERS
GET ATTENTION
WHIST TOURNAMENT IS TO BE GIVEN
BY CATHOLIC LADIES' AID SOCIETY
¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIi, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 4, 1903.
4
NEW APVERTISrTM-RNTa
COLD KILLS THE GERM.
Lieut. Perry Says There Axe No Bald
Heads in the Arctic Region. ,
The people who come back from Klon-
dike testify to the fact that no native
bald heads are there. The evidence is
that the cold climate kills the germs
that eat the , hair off at the root. Lieut.
Perry, ydio went to the Arctic Regions,
gives % trie same evidence. Newbro's
Herplcide has the same effect as the cold
climate. It kills the germ that eats the
hair off at the roots, and the hair grows
again. Herpicide is the first hair rem-
edy built upon the principle of destroy-
ing the germ that eats the, hair off. Its
phenomenal sale demonstrates the cor-
rectness of the scalp germ theory. Sold
by leading druggists. Send 10c in stamps
for sample to The Herpiclde Co., Detroit,
Mich. - -
CASTOR I A
y Por Infants and Children,
The Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears tho v^r - //gV, T"
Signaturo of L&aj£fzT<UC&/td
ADVERTISKiiTP.NTS. \ ¦
"$2.5(Xthe /0^^< /#
value i :^i§^^W
$1 Q5 the : - :;^^^^
'iJmfr H we wcre exclusive hatters we
} yfr % W$m[ could not afford to sell these hats for
V •^sSJi 1 * : ?\?^$Jm1* $1-95. but being complete outfitters
V 3*$^ J$^r%wik * or men we sell at close margins, de-
\ j^$0&?,x pending upon the aggregate business
v?%>|2* jdk lai e buy direct from the factory in
' J&/ I -Vra*isws*v 3°° dozen lots and secure them at a
jmP&X&$8Mg$K3B^ low P" cc - We can seI1 them for $i-95.
..^-^m^fi^^^^s^w!^;*'.' but you will 6^1 other dealers charg-
'3%88S&4-&&'£iS0* r j ty nats . if W e could talk to you in
person and show the hat you would readily see the truth of our claim.
This advertisement simply relates a fact, and to encourage your calling
we will say:, You won't b$ urged to buy, and if you do purchase and
are not pleased you can have your money back or another hat at no cost.
Could .we say or do more?
The hats come in soft and stiff shapes in black and colors.
Out-of-town Orders Filled— Write Us. \
740 Market Street.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"I tried «11 kinds of blood remedies which failed
to do me any good but I hare fcand the riirbt thing
•t list. .My fare was full of pimples and blark-
bcadt. After talcing Casraret* they all left. 1 am
eontinnicc the use of them and recommending
them to mr "friends. I feel £ne when I riFe n the
morning. liope to bave a chance to recommend
Fred C. Wltten, "6 Elm St., Kewark, S. S,
tgf vt Ey The Bowels *
TH©|h. CANDY CATHARTIC
- 1 ..'"¦• . . _-¦••¦-.-.¦
Pleasant. Palatable, Potent. Taste Good. Do Rood,
Kever fcicken. Weaken or Grip«. Ute. 2»c,»c.>eTer
•old in baik. The cecalne tablet stamped CCC.
Uuaractecd to core or your money back.
Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or N.Y. 595
AKKUAL SALE. TEH MILLION BOXESWASHINGTON*. Nov. 3.— The Republican
caucus for the nomination of Speaker and other
officers of thc Hot_re of Representatives for
the Fifty-eighth Congrew will be held Sat
urday afternoon. November 7.
Ellery's Royal. Italian Band has scored
a great success at the Alhambra Theater,
where it will remain till Sunday night!
The following is the programme for this
evening:
PART I.
1. March. "Philipovich" Schmid
2. Overture. 'William Tell" Rossini!
3. Trumpet Solo, "Aria from Meflsto
fele . . v Boito.
Sisnor de Mltris.
4. Polka "-Loretta'V ChiaffarelH.
5. Faust." Grand Selection Gounod
Prelude. Act I.
Prelude and Flower Song. Act III.
Waltz and Chorus. Aot II.
Solos by Signori de Mitris
and Lomonte.
PART II.
6. "March of the Drums" ...ChiaffarelH.
i. Overture, "The Girl of
....................... mua9m Seech I
8. Saxophone Quartet. "Parting Hour,"
Signori Cipriani." Rfcci, Rossi,
Luballn.
9. La Gioconda," Finale Act III
T : "r- ••••'• • • • ' Ponchlelli.
Incidental Solos by
Signori Palma. di Natale, Curti. •
Remarkable Mirage in Nebraska.
SUPERIOR, Neb., Nov. 3.— A remark
ably distinct mirage has been seen at a
point north of the town of Elson. The
entire town of Edgar, which Is about
fourteen miles from the point where the
mirage was witnessed, was reflected in
the sky.
DENIES THAT HE TOOK
PART IN THE LYNCHING
Missouri Society Man Who Is Under
Indictment Says He Is Victim
.\\ ot a Mistake.
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 3.— Eugene Hay,
nephew of County Judge John B. Hay
and a prominent society man of Belle
ville, appeared voluntarily in the office
of Sheriff Thompson in Belleville. 111., to
day and surrendered himself under an in
dictment brought by the St. Clair County
Grand Jury, charging him with complic
ity in the lynching of David F. Wyatt.
He furnished bond for $200 and was re
leased. Hay says his indictment Is the
result of a mistake. He declares that he
tcok no part in the lynching or in any of
the occurrences that led up to it. George
Schopp was the first tq be arrested under
the indictments, which are supposed to
be against fourteen men. He was arrest
ed to-day and taken to jail to await his
release on bond. The arrest of three la
borers on the same charge followed.
Thomas Encounters Typhoon.
HONOLULU, Nov. 3.— The United
States transport Thoma's arrived to-day
from Manila three days late. The Thom
as encountered a typhoon October 23 and
sustained some damage. Her aft bul
warks were wrecked and two lifeboats
were smashed. She sailed to-night for
San Francisco. t
LONDON. Nov. 3. — The German • steamer
Dulsburg. wrecked near. here yesterday, is. not
the German mall steamer of that name, but
a small German traffic steamer. There was no
loss of life.
The maximum endurance of a twelve-
Inch gun Is 300 firings, while the six-inch
gun may be fired upward of 2000 times
without Injurv.
Ni_\V YORK. Nov. 3.— The last rites
over the rpmains of Mrs.' Emma Booth-
Tucker were performe-1 to-day at the Sal
vation Army headquarters at the Wood
lawn Cemetery. Two -.hoiisand rneitibers
of the army acted as escort to the Grand
Central station, where special tra'ma were
taken to Woodlawn.
Pay Last Tribute to Dead Leader.
Rev. Father Victor Day, who during
the several absences of Bishop Brondel
has been in charge of the diocese, will
immediately become the temporary head
of the church in Montana.
PORTLAND, Or., Nov. 3.— Archbishop
Christy started this evening for Helena,
Mont., to officiate at the obsequies of the
late Bishop Brondel. . The successor of
Bishop Brondel will be chosen by the
Pope after a conference has been held in
this province as to who will most
worthily fill the position. The province
consists of the States of Oregon, Wash
ington, Idaho^. and Montana and three
names will be selected for hfs Holiness'
scrutiny.
At 11 o'clock last night the Bishop
lapsed into unconsciousness and never re
vived. He died without a struggle. At
the bedside when the end came was
Father Victor Day of Helena, together
with Father Desleure of Butte, Father
Bcrnot of Anaconda, Father Sullivan of
Helena, Father Pauwelyn of Greit Falls,
Father Gallagher of Fort Benton and sev
eral of the Sisters of Charity In charge
of St. John's Hospital.
HELENA, Mont., Nov. 3.— At 3:10
o'clock this morning the Right Rev. John
Brondel, the first and only Bishop of the
dicccse of Helena and head of the
Catholic church in Montana, expired.
Head of the Catholic
Church in Montana
Passes Away.
KANSAS CITY, Nov. 3.— In a decision
in thc United States District Court Judge
John F. Phillips has held that insurance
companies may enforce the anti-suicide
clause, which was previously entered Into
by the insured.
The decision was in the case of James
"Whitfield. a well known newspaper sport
ine editor, who killed himself. Whitfield
insured for J5000, receiving a policy that
contained a clause specifying that $500
only should be recovered In case of sui
cide. Although the statutes of Missouri
declare that insurance companies may not
mako suicide a defense in refusing to pay
a policy. Judge Phillips held that "as the
pleading of the contract in question vol
untarily entered into by the parties goes
merely to the question of the amount of
the recovery and not to defeat a recov
ery my conclusion is that the plaintiff
is only entitled to recover the sum of
$300."
portance to Life Insurance
Companies.
Benders a Decision of the Utmost Im-
MISS0UKI COURT SUSTAINS
THE ANTI-SUICIDE CLAUSE
WASHINGTON, Nov. 3.— The Commis
sioner of Indian Affairs has received tele
grams from Senator Warren of Wyom
ing and Agent Brennan of tac Pine Ridge
Agency, giving further retails concerning
the recent fatal encounter between Wy
oming officers and Indians. Brennan says
the Indians engaged were from Pine
Ridge, and therefore were Sioux. The
party, according to hl3 statement, was
small and was traveling through Wyom
ing on a permit. He also says that Sher
iff Wilson and one of his posse were
reported killed and also one of the In
dians. Brennan attributes the fignt to
a charge made by the officers for the pur
pose of arresting the Indians. He said
that he would go to Newcastle, the coun
ty seat of Weston County, in which the
tight took place, to investigate. Senator
Warren said in his teieeram that six
Indians were ed, six wounded and
about the same number captured. He
confirms the report of the death of the
Sheriff. One of the party named South,
who Is still at large, Is, he says, a stu
dent. There were two fights, one on Fri
day or Saturday and the other on Sun
day. The under sheriff is still in pursuit
of the Indians, and the latter have been
reinforced.
"It looks squally," says the Senator In
his message "and I fear further trou
ble." He suggests a close watch on the
Indians at the agencies for fear of still
more serious consecuences.
Close Watch Is Seing Kept on the
Several Agencies in Wyoming.
MORE TE0UBLE IS FEARED.
RIO DE JANEIRO, Nov. 3.— The Acre
' territory dispute between Bolivia and
•Brazil has been settled. The principal
1 points which were under considera.tlon in
: the Acre dispute were whether the terri
; lory beyond the tenth degree of latitude
! shall become Brazilian territory, Brazil
I to pay Bolivia $5,0W,'.«X> and allow Bolivia
j the right to send Acre products to Bra
• zlllan, points on the Amazon River.
Acre IKspute Is Finally Settled.
BISHOP BRONDEL
DIES AT HELENA
ROME, Nov. 3.— The now Cabinet
is constituted as follows:
Slgnor Glolltti, Premier and
Minister of the Interior. .
Slgnor Tittonl, Minister of For
eign Affairs.
Slgnor Ronchetti, Minister of Justice.
Signor Luzzattl, Minister of the Treas
ury.
Signer Rosano, Minister of Finance.
Slgnor Penotti. Minister of War.
Admiral Mirabollo, Minister of Marine.
Signor Orlando, Minister of Public In
struction. '
Sipnor Ledesco, Minister of Public
Works.
Signer Rava, Minister of Agriculture.
Signor Ste-Mutlscala, Minister of Posts
and Telegraphs.
The Ministers took the oath to-day.
Signor Luzzatti is the most important
among the members of the new Cabinet.
He. is an especial friend of the United
States, which country he vigorously de
fended at the sessions of the last Inter
national Agricultural Congress In Rome,
defeating a proposition of the German
agrarians, who wished to organize a Eu
ropean zollverein against the United
States. Speaking about Americans, Luz
zatti said:
"They are the people who alone In the
economic field challenge the world, while
all countries, ours included, how shall
we be able to resist its power, which is
um-echable, in\Ioiable and uncoerclble,
being welded together in a free and glo
rious nation, the richest variety of races."
Minister of the Treas
ury Friendly to This
Government.
BERLIN. Nov. 3.— Embassador Tower,
xvho recently returned here from a visit
to the United States, brought with him
a photograph of Miss Alice Roosevelt,
presented by Mrs. Theodore Roosevelt to
the officers of the German dispatch boat
Alice Roosevelt In consequence of the
desire expressed by them to have a por
trait of the lady after whom the vessel
vi-as named. The photograph, which is a
soft tone, about twelve inches long by
nine Inches wide, and which represents
Miss Roosevelt at full length, bears her
autograph.
Mrs. Roosevelt Sends PoTtrait of Her
Daughter Alice to German
Dispatch Boat.
1 EMBASSADOB TOWER WILL
PK.ZSE1TT THE PHOTOGEAPH
Five Indians, including the notorious
Eagle Feather, were killed and five badly
wounded. The Indians then scattered
and struck out for the Dakota line. There
were twenty-two bucks and thirty-six
squaws and children in the party.
Sheriff McDermott of Weston County,
Deputy Cook and a posse of twenty cow
boys from Douglas and Lusk»are in pur
suit of the Indians.
LUSK, Wyo.. Nov. 3.— Posses^ are re
turning from the scene of the fight with
the Indians, but some are still in pursuit.
A posse from Lusk assisted to bury at
the scene of the battle Eagle Feather,
who was also known as Chief Smith:
Black Kettle, Gray Bear and an Indian
boy who were killed during the fight. Ea
gle Feather's squaw was shot in the left
shoulder and will die.
DOUGLAS, Wyo., Nov. 3. — John Norton,
a member of the Douglas posse, says that
the Indians have separated and that each
party is taking a different trail. It is
the opinion of many of the officers that
the redskins who are yet at large cannot
be caught until they return to the reser
vation. However, it is believed that many
of them will not return for fear of arrest
and that they will continue to the Bad
Lands in Northwestern Nebraska.
DOUGLAS, Wyo., Nov. 3.— County At
torney Mecume ,has, returned, from the
Beaver Dams on Lightning Creek with
part'ciilara of the recent trouble with the
Indians. The fight occurred Sunday even
ing. • Sheriff Miller of .Newcastle, former
Sheriff Owens and a posse of eight men;
had followed the, Sioux, who were fromlj
the Pine Rldee Agency, to the Beaver |
Dams with warrants for their. arrest for
unlawfully killing game. • The Indians |
refused to surrender and the posse al- j
lowed them to pass, and, securing four ;
additional deputies, headed off the In- j
dlans in a valley at the Beaver Dams and :
demanded their surrender. The Indians, j
led by Charley Smith, otherwise known i
as Eagle Foather, without replying shot j
and killed Deputy Falkenburgh. The ,
shooting then became general and Sheriff \
Miller was shot in the hip, dying from i
the wounds. . ; .
PARIS. Nov. 3.— The reports that Pre
mier Combes intended to resign became
more persistent this afternoon, following
! the action of M. Jaurcs, the Socialist
; leader, in notifying the President of the
j Council cf his intention to interpellate the
1 Government on the subject of strikes In
j the northern spinning district, but M.
j Combes himself maintains entire silence
i on the subject. While the retirement of
I M. Combes is likely to occur later, the
j Premier has not yet announced his Inten
tion to do so and there is no present in
j dication that his retirement is imminent.
In the Chamber of Deputies, after a de-
I bate marked by the conciliatory attitude
i cf all parties, a bi.l was passed by a vote
! of -ISO to 6 for the suppression of the em
j ployment bureaus within five years. By
] the terms of the bill indemnities are
j granted to the owners at the cost of the
. communes in which bureaus are situated,
: the Government contributing a proportion,
i !n.ereasing according to the celerity with
i which the purchase is carried out.
I _ .
Chamber of Deputies Passes
Bill to Suppress Employ
ment Bureaus.
Further Particulars Are Re
ceived of the Fight at
Beaver Dams
Murderous Reds Scatter
and Strike Out for
Dakota Line.
Parisians Hear Rumor
That He Intends to
Resign.
FRENCH PREMIER
ABOUT TO RETIRE
INDIANS ELUDE
THEIR PURSUERS
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY, KOTEMBEE 4, 1903.
ITALY'S NEW
CABINET IS
IN CONTROL
SIGNOR LUZZATTI. MINISTER
OF THE TREASURY OF THE
ITALIAN KINGDOM.
Complete your home by buying a gas
ran^e from the San Francisco Gas and
Electric Company at their special bar
eain sale this week onlv. 415 Post at, *
5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Open Sores
can be cleaned out, the suppura-
tion stopped, and a cure effected
by the use of
Only morbid matter is destroyed
bv this marvelous germicide, which
allows Nature to build up healthy
tissue.
Absolutely harmless.
Used and indorsed by leading
physicians everywhere. ... .
When not at your druggist's, sent
prepaid on receipt of postal note
for 25 cents for trial bottle. ; : ;V
Th« (csoia* y^ - ' .
banram- (D A /tU if % U.
gT.*O Prince Street, New York.
FREG-Tilulilt BmIIX oi U» U Tr»t Dhtun. -
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
W^h H £0-' 13 1??- n(^ man y °tk er painful and serioii3
P*§( - II l$£* fa ?i ments from which most mothers
Us H § H H loll suft 01 ") can be avoided by the use of
1^^ l£i _K\ "w^ 5 a o^* sen<^ to w o mea i carrj'ing
WBfr m*altamlrm*9& b ordeal with safety and no pain.
No woman who uses ''Motlier'S Friend" need fear .the suffering
and danger incident to birth; for it robs the ordeal of its horroi
and insures safety to life of mother and child, and leaves her in
a condition more favorable to speedy "recovery. The child is
also healthy, strong and _-, «-a /g --^ g-s-g » m "Zja i^s V £&&
its weight in gold to every filiB^kSSF t_ _JB ¦___-_&! r
woman, and will be sent free in plain |p § Jj^M Hfll
envelope by addressing application to §p WsL S & W&l M fl
Bradficid Regulator Co. Atlanta, Ga. g Sfii iai (»
j ADVERTISEMENTS.
FREE TO EVERYONE
i Bead and Learn How You May Pro-
cure It.
The question of why one man succeeds
I and another fails, is a problem that has
J puzzled the philosophers for centuries.
j One man attains riches and position,
; while his neighbor who started with
! seemingly the same, and better opportu-
i nities. exists In poverty and obscurity.
! No man can win success who is suffering
; from an irritating and nerve racking dis-
ease and the man who has the qualities
of success within him, would be quick
to recognize this fact and seize the best
i remedy t^ eradicate the trouble.
A person afflicted with a serious case
i of hemorrhoids or plies is handicapped
i in the race for power and advancement.
j It is impossible to concentrate the men-
I tal energies when this dreadful trouble
| is sapping the vital forces. To show
i how easily this success destroying
! trouble can be overcome, we publish the
; /oKowlng letter from a prominent Indi-
i ana man:
"AVhen I received the former letter
; and booklet on 'Piles, their nature, cause
1 and cure.' I was in a critical condition;
: ulcers to the number of seven had
i formed on the inside of the rectum, cul-
j minating In a large tumor on the out-
j side resembling fistula. I suffered the
most excruciating pain, could get no rest
day or night. After reading the booklet
I sent to my druggist but he happened
to be out of Pyramid Pile Cure Just at
that time. However, I obtained a part
: of a box from my brother-in-law and
j began their use. Five pyramids com-
j pletely cured me. I procured a box
j lat«r. but have had no occasion to use
j them. I have been waiting to see that
j the cure was permanent, before writing
you of Its success. I believe Pyramid
Pile Cure to be the greatest and best pile
! cure on the market and ask you to
please accept of my grateful thanks for
this invaluable remedy. I take great
pleasure in recommending its use to any
sufferer along this line. You may use
; my name if you wish for reference .to
; any one afflicted with this disease." J
I O. Littell. Arthur. Ind.
I ' You can obtain a free sample of this
j wonderful remedy, also the booklet de-
scribed above by writing your name and
address plainly on a postal card and
mailing: It to the Pyramid Drug Co <
Marshall, Mich.
'One Bottle Cures
! Rheumatism or
j Neuralgia. /^^^
IMcBURNEYS KIO- /,- j
NET AND 13LAL>- 9S£_ 'tS*fflSl
DER CUKE Is cuar- / V*
smt»rl to be al « j- w-A {\lSsr
lutely harmless and ID
a strong tonic in F 1 • I
builuinft up the weak I
and debilitated. It j \ ./TV-
cures Acuit ur Mus-
cular Rheumatism. Stiff Back and IC
n Pains in the Hips and Loins. Chronic
¦j Rheumatism. Sciatica. Lumbago and
S3 almost Invariably cures befuie one bot- '
i H tie has been used. |
| D Brisht's Disease, Brick Dun Deposit, H
j M Bed ¦Wetting. Gravel. Drf.p«y, Diabetes ft
j B cured with one bottle McBurney's Kid-
j a ney and Bladder Cure. Kehet in 20 '
' K minutes. Express prepaid $1 50. Send !
: fn "r> cents to IV. F. McBurnev for five i
1 B duy?' treatment. 220 South Spring
j fi rtreet. Los Angeles. Sold by drujcffifts. i
j ' ______
AMUSEMENTS.
To-Nio-ht Every riffht - m
1 v-niglll. __a__y, inclusive.
ELLERY'S
ROYAL ITALIAN
BAND
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Box office at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s.
Popolar Prices, Sl,"^ 50C-2SK--SII-
AMTJSiarENTS.
\B I . -BEST \a\
** I MINSTRELS » t
elr.ee _ay» of Erafrsoa." — Aihton Stevens.
Havsriy's Minstrels,
lii.-e.te'i by th<? Fu^.ni?^t of All Minstrel
....BILLY "VAN....
¦j NEXT SUXDAT. ),_,
T HERRMANN 7 UK GREAT, j
HEATKU
"ALL RIGHT."
And tki» is what they said:
••Can be recommended.". — Chronicle.
"Kept - larrf au<Slenc« In good humor."—
Kx a miner.
"Not eurrassed »lnce the _ayi ot Anna
H*Jd." — Bulletin.
•Brightest ihlnr that ha» come out of the
Kart. L»^te of rinyer." — Call.
The Merry Musical Fantasy.
THtS
STORKS
(Manacpment Dearborn Theater Company.)
The bot *iiitiii«: organization on tour.
Every Son- a Hummer.
Nightly, including Sunday. Matinee Saturday.
Seat- for second -.-<>ek ready Thursday.
GRAND 85ZU
KATirrrr to-day
TO-NIGHT ani ALL, THIS and NEXT WEEK
Matinees Wei. ar.d r-at. Each Week.
NO SUNDAY PERFORMANCES.
Curtain Rises Evening* at S O' Clock Precisely.
Matinee* at 2. Late-Comers Net Seated
Until After Pr-!u_e.
KLAW & ERLANGER'S
Stupendous Production of General Wallace's
BEN HUR
330 — Persons in Production — 330
>'» Seats In :i Afide. >'e Zt'.tplizt Otitrt T-_ea.
PRICES— S_. *1 BO. $1. T5c and 50c.
All F^at* lieferved. General Admission. $1.
Out cf town mail orders with remittances
Clled In order rvoeived. Seats now 5e!lln«;.
MATINEE TO-PAT. WEDNESDAY. Nov. 4.
Parquet, any scat. _.Vr. Ua'.cony. 10c. Chil-
dren, any r»ait «cpt rrrerved. lC>c.
— JOVIAL VAUDEVILLE! —
""Villag-e Choir" Quartette; Max Wal-
den; Clivette; The Ttro Boses; Mc-
Watters and Tyson; Goleman's
Dogs and Cats; Three Bichards;
Cravrford and Manning and We-
nona and Frank.
ALCAZAR E :~r
General Manaser.
"Tie Alcazar I« Playlafir la £uck 'Witli
It« iTew People." — Examiner.
TO-NIGHT— MATINEES SAT. and SUN.
¦ •:• ¦ ' the Funniest Comedies Ever "Written.
TOO MUCH ss-
JOHNSON. ££..
Cvs*_, SSc to 75c; JIat. Sat. A Sun., 15c to 50c.
NHXT MONDAY— T*» Fara^t Farcical Friv-
olity That 'U'on't Wear Out.
THE PRIVATE SECRETARY.
: J£NTR&L'
Bt'.a.«ro & Mij»r, Proprieters.
Market st .. near Eighth. Phone South 533-
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
The Mag_:r.ceat Comedy Drama
"AT VALLEY FORGE."
Thrilling Stcry cf PatriotlFtn and Love!
pnircc Evcx-ati 10c to Wte
I nlWLJ Matinees 10c, 15c. _5c
Next TVeek — Ey _r.!ver-al demand — Thou-
sands unable to obtain s»ats — L. R. ETOCK-
WELL'S rnatnmoth rroductlcn of
«-r_yCI.E TOM'S CABI5."
TIV0USSS8.
KOTE: Ptrfcns-hcpj beirin at 8 sharp, Satur-
day matinee at 2 sharr.
TO-XTZaZTT
FYlday an<3 Saturday rJrhts,
Donizetti's Splendid Opera.
•?LA FAVO-HTA"
Ttursday anJ Sunday niphts. Saturday
matinee.
GREAT DOUBLE BILL.
Mascacnl's Masterpiece.
"CAVALLBRIA RUSTICANA"
And Leoncavallo's Lyric Drama,
•* I^PAOLIACCI."
KEXT WEEK: •'TOSCA" and "IL. TROVA-
TORE."
PRICES AS USUAL— _5c. 60c. 75c
Telephone Bceh 9.
TVHT? Becau»* It*, the bert.
TVHEN? Come now seats ar* scatc*.
WHERE? To ee« th* funnr
| RUBES AND ROSES 1
A Kit With a Capital "H." Perfect from
<r!=t to last.
Our "All Star" Cajt. Including
KOLB AND DILL.
BARNEY BERNARD,
TVINFIELD liLAKE,
MAUDE AMBER.
OKORGIA O-RAMET.
- BEN T. DILLON.
n'--*rv«J Sr-ats — Nights. 20c. f>c and 7."c.
Saturday and Sunday Matinees, 25c and 5<Jc
Children at Matinees. 10c ahd 2Tk:. '
IiEW 'WXIXiX.S,
V7OHLD and XXSTGSTOXr
AND A 'GREAT SfluW EVERT AFTERNOON !
AND EVENING IN THE THEATEK.
DON'T FAIL TO 'SEE
THE COLORED BABY
Ih fhe INFANT INCUBATOR.
JUica £laylne 53 a. iocs, ia tte Zoo.
LOTS Of fVX IS TI1E PEWWT ARCADZ
amatkpb inazrr thubsdat.
ADMISSION. lCc; CHH.DREN. 5c.
¦\\hen I'honir.s Afit for "The Chutes."
P^l^fP i DON'T PA!L TO
j COURT Lounging j
flflu room, the EMPIRE \
""** parlor, the
r -^ ~ A PALM ROOM, the
liTSFm louis xv par-
MiUltU LOR, and the LA-
H/^+aI^ DIE5> WRITING
Hotels r oom.
THE EMPORIUM | THE EMPORIUM | THE EMPORIUM
J Sale of Children's **7v?^ /^ §S3l!e Silk 3
* Coats and Jackets — -j___£>^ _**Cs f * •* _-«. _r -'
\ ? t Zd'Z/°»f7erf6e*ft Remnants %
i % makes — garments that n f m \ n^\^\ , f *S 1/ •^9&fff£ c=im Hundred, of lengths -i to 6 %
* Zirre $j.00 to Sj--S°> n0 *' _>_JJL1! « ii jp__ft--- t - h *'* IL^ yards -cf nrw dejirabl? Silks ar *
$2-30 to $l6.2S- "«-5^B8^* i3a^AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE. 1-Q. off rru'k-J ?r : c-< *i
I r — &
|: Sale Mi30-Engf Ribbons Sjiks B8g |
* C^^^^^-^s-fe-a Thousands,! yards of worth u P to st.as Yard jj
* iTW '^^l-^^ip'^^^ll^ clean, crisp, fresh de- Broken lines of beautiful Peau °«
t' <Sr^0^ Sirable ribbons, in all the de Soies and Satin Duchesse, x
*' W4^ Sa^^^^^^^^~^S^ fancy colorings, have many of them imported, rang- >s
S; ff^lli come to US in the Shape ing in values up to SI. 85 per %
% IP p er *>^^^f^^^g^ {'MjP °f Mill- Ends, at about yard, extra heavy, high luster x
£ Mm. Cr_r^=^=i^u__£r one-half belozv the regu- silks; suitable for evening cos- \
£ mmaPjlK*^ Inr -<n'lne^ tumes, skirts, waists, linings, 3
t v? wm /% /w, r j v f • ¦ ¦ <¦__-- • etc., in such colors as nile, *
If CyIi (Mi'1-Endj rtprfs-r.t tne rrunufactu er t c ipp ng< after th? full quantity . ,' .. , ,. . . ,-
i _f !_«t_Psi' i O* wovt '¦ put np in thr regular io-vardboitt,thi balance being remn-Bti or pinK, lignt DlUe, Cerise, Vel- -^
i ft * (rJx^J^K »o-caled "Mill-Enis." ThsscMul-Eidi vary in length from ito 6 yardi. lOW, lavender, gray, Com, X
jjC he assortment inclu'dcs satin taftcta, satin liberty, satin brown, green, torquoise. j{
fc> /*T$v> groj-grain, taffetas, etc., and these «re the prices to-day only: royal, etc.— are offered for !*
& JciM \) 50c t0 60c Ribbons 31c yd 16c to 20c Ribbons lie yd special sale to-day ££_ *
S 6__1^/^ 35c to 45c Ribbons 24c yd 12c to 17c Ribbons 8c yd only per yard . • &^**jp <*
28c to 3"»c Ribbons 17c yd 9c to l?c Ribbons 6c yd ' *
J (Main Aisle.) 2Cc to 27c Ribbons 14c yd 6c to 8c R.bbons 4c yd Main Aisle. " %
_»* '
I Smts bbssS SSv&rGoats ,c% \
I Important SszBe &t Big Store ys \
!v Owing to the prolonged continuation of warm, dry, summery weather, r^ yj^^vf/ H^ '*
5 we find ourselves heavily overstocked with men's fall and winter /) r 71 y n] Ij
IS Clothing. To reduce this stock at once (suits and overcoats from lf\ I p=^^ ' j\ \ x
_,* some of the best makers in America), we cut the prices on three [A j \ y ;| .W\ *
*? magnificent lines on men's apparel, like this: \_n v <^?v •,')frK^e*-* 2
itf Men's Stylish $20.00 and 822.50 Suits for $15.00— Some cfthene*«t ; nl f j S* "" /¦ '¦ J^gW %
I 4( choicest pioiucticns of the season. The matrrial«, ftt and workmanship are of the b-»t. Thiy I *, !! r 'JV -^ v*S %
! ft ar: the equal cf any suit sold by e cmivecloth'ers at f25.o:. Ther: are BBBB / \\ i'jl! 'VV*^?^^ ¦**
_^ plenty of thes: n;w fasbionab e tweed?, worsteds, pre ty t verplaidi and 'ancv B I. l|' ( •'?7^'vv^^tM '5
H nrxturej now so popular. The coats are with narrow, graceful %J H P^~'^^ / i'fll V' m^ J»>
j J^ lape's and shape rruin'ng frcnts We cm fit men of ail sizm from 34 f> 1 H A. JS I liS^'Al^ivi ' ''
J» 42 in. ch-.st measuie, and the pr'ce during th : s salt, will be J*.^^-^^ I Vs j;;!"|rt i • ||\ V i] C 5
JC Men's Extra Value $15.00 Suits for $9.50-Made of _-_^_ I i|tpl % ' .' \ fife '«
?> neat cassimires, lane/ cheviots and tweeds, in the !atest fall and winter I Jf || : 'tv'\\ \W'-'' \ ill'r "5
jf patterm. Th- coati have hand-radded should rs, hair c oth fronts and are W ffl^ jnm*^ \ ii'il^H \w 5 ' \ Y\\\\ *
i J^ cut in the m.st popu ar styles. Vou wiJ pronounce th;m the best va'.ue %p Jl W'*? ' ' '¦'¦ i!'" l .^V i '^\ i: ' \ \H' ; '^
?, you e%er saw at our ;ale pre: K * i|f>" v^^ liiV.'/WiiiV' 1 •] \ X\'"'' ''
*>* Men's Stylish $15.00 Overcoats for $11.50 -Com- to the Emporium and you 1^1 F 7 &?P*\^ i i 'If] i«
2J will reaiiiy !c-- that we wi.l sav; \cu just J3. 50 over the b:st $15. co Over- - \f-S \^S Jk \f ''
?• co-.t bargain that >ou can find elsrwhrre. We th n'< we »ha 1 : nt:rfst hun- JL g| H^ \Jjf y^\ fill \ fl i*
; 3_* d ed* of men with ou- sile of this :in: or* handsome bl'ek Thib.t aid fray N? R fl s>^ ff^ $/ f£r V_A
' fi>* Ch v;ot Ovsrcears. Thry ar: luilt wirh the n:w bread «hou de-, 1 r.ed w th £? £3 _^« »5^ V (>< \© «j
, heavy serge and vilk si.etv: ining, in th: leng, Iocs: s.vagg:r etfcirs. Only tf
«f 1 M
$ Mothers! Now is the &§®W DQSS&WS Baskets io Trim %
I time to get the boy his Fall women's and Muses' tor HoSidays *
_;> and Winter outfits. Bring Our stock of baskets is now %
5f him to Our COZV, home-like «»«#«?•_?« wWld complete. Among them are *
*•* juvenile department this Evcry woman;nSanFr - nciscojho - :d many styles that can be very %
% week and gc: bargains like these: know of the merits of our tailor prettily I.tted and trimmed as %
g madc sults - B / COi ' fc «y"»g ws Christmas gifts. >:
!«> -^Tf B3OW$ are able to place on sa : c a very W:s: . Ba;k . t3 2 So up to $2.5Q %
j *C X "* stylish cheviot suit that is worth Work B_j!ces 2SO "? to $1*50 t
] K y^K Wf&rfffd at least one-fourth more than the Wtrit Stands Si. 25 re , Z.&.OO ?
I i* r V \ VW^KB OMB . Work Easkers, «ilk lned, 5Og to • • «
jj j.\ \\ *Aff~ 4 price we ask, Eighteen Dollars. ' ' § 5m -q *
J I ) U WwSnUer The sty:e is new, has prettv capes Smevj Baskets 50© to $1.75 '«
_£ ' <l\ \\* _Tft _-.„¦ of lats design, and front and collar N'ursrry Stands $2*OO ' t-> $S*O> ¦'
I** 1 \T^A Hi SJflfer^ is neatly trimmed— satin lined to N'ur^ry Hamper* $3.5O to S5.5O A
* 1^1) VJ **«%**4€Z the waist— the even length .kirt. H.lr-Pir, - , |Oc .,
I )/j| COatS un -. incd . These suits come in (Second floor- right) %
\ti I ' \i && __S^7 black, blue and brown, and are the I *-» _- _, * § ¦ '5
|f A V) T f, best you c,n find anywhere at SfiaCMel and *
5 "iffir Stvie hkc picture, the pricc . . . ***% LSCB SqUStrGS %
S* W$L medium weight. Ox- _ j *& 3 €$ a 4jf &ff 14-G Stlrf 4LSC "?
I 1 lSb* XfS^h.tcout Mtsscs'NorlolKSuiLs-In pretty mix- 3 2-inch Spachtel and Lace J
|J va> ihtjfors tois-yean. tures, 5izes for young ladies 14, Squares— The large sbe for ,J
i*£ Boys' Saior Norfolk Su t% — S ricdy all 16 and 18 years oi age, worth table covers, pillow shams.etc, *
I J» wco 1 , bue and boun fcrge-, >h eid has $15.00; our price S12mSO in very pretty patterns; de- •£
£ silk emb.oidrred ernb'em, jacket has wide Misses* (Mi itarv) Long Coat Corset signs that have never sold X
a btx pleat en either s de and b:it with nickel c . v> . * f ., r% -.*» -^^..1^-1.. *«- i^«-<- t», ,„ 1- . «*
*' or gilt buckle,; a , it wdi a - n _, Suit-Price . . . .$18,50 regularly for less than 7:>_ , v
S worth 5s; Emporium r rice 3m35 {Second floor—front) each; on sale to-day as a be- X
| * Boy*' Cosiack Russian Suit? - in dark navy --- ._.. — fore - Holiday special, each x
! g. ani brown heather m xruies. patent leather VwflEtnff r f 3$3SF m 49c %
tf bet, for sge5 z}i to 6 _ q~ §3$Q TO-QS&Tjf 18-nch Spachtet Square, fcr center peces. >l
Jf yC " 5 - * r ********* Iooo p Our d, of our excellent Puritan doilies, etc., regularly 25c each; en special *
S» Youlh^' Overcoats— In Oxford gr.y and blue ,, / -.n-m'-r O-Wrl sale to-day at 14o «
jj _ ,i~.u. i«-» , n A velum, in tne popuar yJxiOTa /»»•• _t
ft braver doth?, long and -** *w_r) j/'j _ •• ., (MaitlAlsU) X
\K loose fitting, velvet co::ar $ i Um UU and G adstone shapes, eitner olur \*i "Tg£ %
\% Youths' Long Pants Suits- In a 1 s «s :r.m or while as preferred; 84 and 102 Spachtel Square, an! Squares, 35c to •*
j X 14 to 19 years, fine blue srrges, black Tbib- shcc;s {o thc p Ound wo -. h , - c lb . f/", 75 4? 3 ?5" O *Z~ r « «5 CO '*
Ilk eti and Sec tch mixture?, the sxvell muiury . I «O y ?^P i3»5O &
K cut, b.s: New York makes, materials po i- *O-_ay only f _f c Fancy Pin Cu-hions, ail sues and ihapss ,%
h tivdy a'l wool .... mr6 . ~ n Envropet to match, 3 pkgi . /J C 25c to S6.5O *
'\K (Section 6- Right.) XB3JmVU (J/cin Aisle) {Section to— right) }i
I 1 %3S_^_^K5£5 FSsie Enam&Sed Wear j
i ->* B«st Co f:t — Our famous Java and M th-, /f^CTfl^ il--} BO n sn* OH _W» /ff^/f M
jg u:ua1y35clb; forth: two davs . . 2GO S^St-SS B U D^^S^Sh /^M fl X
i 5« New Fi<s — White pressed tics, extra cuil ty, :>¦.'•'" v fv ; Ut****"'^^ _^^<___T>^ &
; $ delicious 500 b xef; «ble Mipp:>- !ajt;— Important sale of high grade, | M y^jr^W^ '¦ ¦A-Y^ *J
* 5-.blcxesfcr . . 3 C doub e coated^ imported white \f* f| n \/^*~0i \^Ji _,_ . '%
I » io-:b baxes tor . 6S0 cr.amted steel' ware— the finest, ¦ f f fl Y J®0&^m&x*Y^ '5
1 _• Imported French Castile Soap -Our La ,. ,, '. lU X \ I Ww* ' uTt, 1 5
\i Lune brand; to-day, bar... .. 22'Ao PU^t. whitest and be,t Dt tbe5_ , \ J |f MM X
•T Raisin?- Xew Caafcrna, London layers za goods m a s? end d assortment of u*ful V.', Mfl I A«H|A M Ml If'/ x
I K lb. baxes, worth f i.oo, fjr . . £1.35 - ren '' :s » cn t T ec »' "-ae tc-day only at the Y__t/ Wffl *
I * Corn Meal- B;st Eatern, yeUow, ic-lb c\cv.\ g deeply cut prices: «*
\ 3» sacks • 25C These are per ect goods— no old Kock of "seconds." Ji
% Rock ."nil Rye — Cry tilliird, for coughr ani 4^c Wash Basins— 12^_ inchei in diametn-; on tale to-_ay only 28o '*
coWs; the'bottl* S3O 90c Water Pitchers— io inches high, hold 4 qti.; on sale to-day only G7c 5
Ik* Whiekey 5a r O- High gradi Bouiboiu 45c Chambers — 9 'nches in diameter; on »alc to-day only . 36o X
K and Ryw, ctmpn.ni; McBrarer, Old Hfr- 5?C L ; pped Sauce Pans— 4-quart tize, w'th bandit; for the two days 30 G •*
\ mitige, OM Crow, K-ikr Spring '95 cr 5-quart i'zc of above, regu ar.j 60c, on r»!e to-day on> ... . .47c "5
j J° National Cub, rcg. »4.oo g%BS $'« v 0 Coffee or Tea Pot-^ 3-plnt sire, wamess; on »ale' to-day only 77c %
I J* gal.; to-day and Thursday . $ Jivd 35c Puddin* Panj-r- Ohlons shaF e » »» Inches; en tale to-day only .' 26o •"•
Ik' Brandy— Ex:ra Cairo- n:a, for pud irg3, 20c .Hugs— Hold re ry a quart, have handle and are seam ess; on «a"e t-div only. 1Sc &
£ mince meat ?ni me. iciral use; bet. 6&O »5c Copi— Bowl shape, »:ze; on tale to-<lay only . 10o «
tt A. B.C. Bohtmian Betr— Q}s. t ioz$2m1O S uctrs to match above; sale pre- lOo S
h* f'nts, ioi $1*35 In addition t>» articles enumerated iboTe we show a full line cf warer pa : !s, tea kett'es, toilet '&
"*? Champagne- -3m California, od srock; stands, pla;ter<, etc ::•?. 5
K qt» . . . .75c; p" • • • • 40c Hos?itjl Supples- Comprising Irrigators, douche pans, pus pan% Xf
» {Section 26 — right) sterilizing and instrument trays. {SecUomj-Righh \HUMOROUS INCIDENTS-. OF
ELECTION DAY AS POR
TRAYED BY, % ,A CALL .CAR
TOONIST. • if
MAKES BIG HEALTY DEAL
ON CALIFORNIA STREET
E. W. Newhall Buys Property in Two
Pieces for Which He Pays
?32O,QO0.
E. W. Newhall has purchased two
pieces of property on California street,
west of the Bank of California, for which
he has paid $320,000. The first of the prop
erties to be acquired has been recently
mentioned. This belonged to Robert F.
though heavier than the collegians, the
soldiers were unable to cope with the
fierce onslaughts of the lighter and faster
team. Of the four touchdowns two were
made in each half and two goals were
kicked. Magee, the college halfback,
played a great game and tore through
the soldier line for big gains. Captain
Feeney of the college team went into the
contest quite ill and retired early during
the first half after making two long,
sensational runs.
SUPERVISORS— Republican.
GEORGE R. WELLS 9.836
ROBERT VANCE 9.82.3
MAURICE L. ASHER 9.506
GEORGE DIETTERLE 9430
WILLIAM BARTON 9.002
THOMAS C. DUFF..... '. 8,453
J. I. STEPHEN ,8,430
(Democratic.)
SAMUEL BRAUNHART 13.503
A. COMTE JR..... 13,035
A. A. D'ANCONA 12,637,
H. U. BRANDENSTEIN :.. 12,277
EDWARD R. ROCK 1 1,793
HENRY PAYOT 1 1,694
JOHN CONNOR 11,604
JAMES P. BOOTH 11,349
ROBERT L. LOUGHERY 10.346
OSCAR HOCKS 10*313
GEORGE B. McLELLAN 10.169
FRED A. GRAZER 9,976
JOHN A. LYNCH 9,972
FRANK J. GRACE 9,579
CARL WESTERFELD 9,437
EDWARD H. GLEASON 9,369
CARY FRIEDLANDER 9,096
JOHN BARNETT , 8,789
SUPERVISORS.
(Union Labor.)
THOMAS F. FINN. 9,969
EDWARD I. WALSH. . . .' 9,373
M. W. COFFEY 9,173
HARRY A. KNOX 8,493
FRED W. MEYER 8,356
J. J.FUREY. 8.345
M. J. KERRIGAN 8,234
CHARLES S. SISKRON. . .,. . . ., . 8,115
RETURNS OF ELECTION COMPILED UP TO 1 O'CLOCK THIS MORNING AT REGISTRAR'S OFFICE
RECORDER— Continued.
JOHN C. WILLIAMS, U. L 7,986
S. SCHMULOWITZ, S
COUNTY CLERK.
JOHN J. GREIF. R.... 14,790
POWEL FREDRICK, U. L 9,775 "'
ALFRED W. WEHE, D 8.913
ANDREW SORENSON, S .....
DISTRICT ATTORNEY.
L. F. BYINGTON, D.-U. L. ....... ... . 22,901
EDWARD S. SALOMON, R . 9,129
J. B. WELLS, S
CORONER.
T. B. W. LELAND, D 10,268
JOHN F. DILLON", U. L 9,825
THOMAS H. MORRIS, R 8463
N. J. B. SHULTZ, S .....
PUBLIC ADMINISTRATOR.
M. J. HYNES, D -..,! I4fl85 '
WILLIAM E. LUTZ, R ; . 10037
J. J. CONNOLLY, U. L ... ,... 6,472
J. M. SUTHERLAND, S
SUPERVISORS.
(Republican.) ,
L.A. REA 15,583
CHARLES BOXTON 13,309
FRED EGGERS 12,471
THEODORE LUNSTEDT ,. • n 94 6
FRED N. BENT ; .... 11,857
W. W. SANDERSON ........ n, 5 8 4
GEORGE ALPERS 11,145
MAXWELL McNUTT ..'..• 10,301
EDWARD H. AIGELTINGER. ,. . . 10,125
JOSEPH S. NYLAND... •......-. ... 9,975
HORACE WILSON .,. .. .-. . . 9,945
MAYOR.
EUGENE E. SCHMITZ, U. L 16.783
HENRY I. CROCKER, R 13-349
FRANKLIN K. LANE. D 8,587
FRANK R. WHITNEY, S 607
-
AUDITOR.
HARRY BAEHR. R I5o35
WILLIAM BRODERICK, D ' 8,958
FRANK CONKLIN, U. L 8,005
VV. H. ROSS, S
CITY ATTORNEY.
PERCY V. LONG, R 13,838
W. W. SANDERSON, D 9,222
WILLIAM G. BURKE, U. L '. 8,572
I FSLIF BROWN S
PETER T. CURTIS, D.-U. L 19,219
HENRY* H. LYNCH, R 13,851
T OTTIC T CLAT TVfPR Q
WASHINGTON DODGE, D. , 20,821
GEORGE H. BAHRS, R , -. . . .-. .. 9,601
CHARLES HEROLD, S ....„
TAX COLLECTOR.
EDWARD J. SMITH, R . . 16,779
MILES L. FARLAND, U. L 7,253
JOHNT. VINAL, D.. 6,567
GEORGE WILLIAMS. S „. .
TREASURER.
. J. E. McDOUGALD, R.-U. L 23,57 1
W T AT T-T TvIiia.Ii *7 *> a">
\ V . ,\1 . J 1 J IX x >a> . i > ...••••.••••»•.••.«•••. / ,^J^£
RECORDER.
EDMOND GODCHAUX, D 15,843
LOUIS N. JACOBS, R ~ ,.. 8,998
SUPERVISORS— Union Labor.
J. F. JEWELL 7.S53
JOHN" RUTHERFORD 7.731
E. W. KENT 7.695
W. J. HOLM AN 7,670
G. G. VICKERSON "498
S. ROTHENSTEIN ....'.'. **
nFOT?r,F KMATTFT
GEO. H. CABANISS, D.-U. L 22,693
E. P. MOGAN, D.-U. L 20.313
EDWIN Mi SWEENEY, R 11.511
HENRY L/JOACHIMSEN, R 1 1,321
B. SPANIER; S „
charles b'. k'i'lerVs*/..1*///.!!^-1!1:!,!1I :".!!".!
David Starr Jordan's Lecture.
Owing to the fact that Professor David
Starr Jordan of Stanford University will
not be in this city on next Saturday, as
Big Deed on Record.
OAKLAND. Nov. 3.— The Realty Syndi
cate has given a trust deed to the Union
Savings Bank covering 203 acres of land
in Brooklyn Township at the junction of
the Oakland and San Antonio roads to
Moraga Valley to secure a loan of £5,000.
Dental Club Will Meet.
OAKLAND, Nov. 3.— The Alameda
County Dental Society will hold its reg
ular monthly meeting Wednesday even-
Ing at the offices of Dr. J. C. Gilbertson.
I(te3 Clay street. Dr. Redmond Payne of
San Francisco will read a paper on the
subject of the "Nose and Throat." All
members of the profession are invited to
attend the meeting.
Y. M. C. A. Arranges for Series of
Ten Entertainments to Be Given
This Winter.
The Young Men's Christian Association
has arranged a series of entertainments
and concerts to be given this fall and
winter. The entertainments will comprise
a course of ten events.
Among' the attractions will be the Phil
Kunter Company of New York, the Fran
ces Hughes Company of Chicago, the
Mozart Symphony Club of Brooklyn, the
Fisk Jubilee Singers (colored) and Clara
Morris and the Minetti String Quartet.
President Russel H. Conwell of Temple
College, Philadelphia, will lecture on
•'Acres of Diamonds," and Robert J. Bur
dette will speak on the subject, "Good
Medicine."
Eight hundred and fifty tickets have
been ordered printed and the association
expects to have a large demand for seats.
Ask Court for Divorce.
OAKLAND, Nov. 3.— Phoebe A. McNev
ln has begun an action for divorce against
Alfred D. McNevin on the ground of un
faithfulness. They were married in San
Francisco in 1&01 and she asks for $25 a
month alimony.
Addle Atherton is suing A. D. Atherton
for divorce on the ground of desertion.
They were married In 1900.
GOVERNOR OF OREGON
FAILS AT WASHINGTON
uovernment Will Not Grant Request
in Important Land
Cases.
SALEM, Or.. Nov. 3.— Governor Cham
berlain returned to this city this evening
from Washington. D. C. The principal
purpose of his visit was to secure for pur
chasers of State lieu lands upon titles
which have failed a preference right to
secure the land with scrip or otherwise.
The Governor is disappointed at his fail
ure to secure the granting of this prefer
ence, for selections of many thousand
acres of lieu lands which were sold by the
State have since been rejected by the
Federal Government and the purchasers
are about to lose their property.
The Governor says that If the depart
ment will carry out its recently an
nounced intention of not creating perma
nent forest reserves until the scrip laws
have been properly amended, h© will have
no further objection to the creation of
the reserves where there Is valuable tim
ber to be preserved. He will, however,
protest against the creation of perma
nent reserves which will increase the
amount of scrip.
OFFERS GOOD PROGRAMMES .
TO MEMBERS AND FRIENDS
Walcott Is Given the Decision.
BOSTON, Nov. 3.— Joe Walcott received
the decision over Kid Carter of New York
In a lively fifteen-round battle before the
Criterion Club to-night. The men were
quite evenly matched and the fight was a
good one, although Walcott had a shade
the better of it throughout.
Morrow. It has upon it a three-story
building occupied by insurance and other
business offices. It has a frontage on the
north line of California street of 25 feet
with a depth of SO feet. This was sold
through the agency of Shainwald, Buck
bee & Co. for $120,000. The other property
i3 the Franklin building and the lot upon
which it stands. The. building is a three
story structure. The lot Is at 406, 408 and
410 California street. It was owned by
*the San Francisco Theological Seminary.
The price at which it is sold is $200,000.
Twenty years ago Falkner, Bell & Co.
sold the same property for $12£,500. It has
a frontage of 40 feet and depth of SO feet.
Both of the properties named abut on the
Newhall holding on Sansome and Halleck
streets.
By the two deals just put through the
New halls have, with the land previously
owned by them, 65 feet on California
street, 132 feet on Halleck street and 4!
feet on Sansome street. The properties
join and therefore are available as the
site of a great structure with three street
frontages, and immediately adjoining the
Bank of California on two sides.
he expected to be, his lecture on "The
Call of the Twentieth Century," which
he was to have delivered before the
United Moderns in Elks' Hall on that
night, has been postponed until Decem
ber 5. Instead of the lecture there will
be "An Evening of California Literature.'"
Among the many attractive features there
will be: "Literature of the West," Her
bert Bashford; "Fortunate Islands," "Co
lumbus." "William Brown of Oregon" and
"The Dove": Joaquin Miller, "Poet of
the Sierra": "The Man With the Hoe,"
Edwin Markham. to be read by Jenne
Morrow Long; "The Colorado Desert."
Madge Morris, to be read by Morris Wag
ner; Bret Harte selections. Martha Mc-
Kim; reading by F. Cooke Caldwell; orig
inal poem. John G. Jury; quotations,
songs, etc.
SAN FRANCISCO may adopt a
new system of registering votes.
Several patent voting machines
have been constructed, and two
or three of them have reached
a state of perfection that makes "crooked
work" practically an impossibility.
One of the most perfect of these in
struments 13 what is known as the V, S.
Standard voting machine. One of these
machines has been on exhibition for the
last week in an election booth on Hyde
and McAllister streets, and many expert
mechanics have visited the booth to try
to beat the machine. Each one has ad
mitted that it Is impossible to do so.
Not only is the machine a great bene
fit to voters for the reason that they art
assured of a fair deal but because it will
enable the city to know the returns of
the elections within a few minutes after
the booths are closed.
During the municipal election In Buf
falo in the year 1S0O these machines were
used. Sixty thousand votes were cast,
and thirty-seven minutes after the polls
closed the total vote had been counted.
In Portland, Or., last year there were
28,000 votes cast. The election was close,
and it was twenty-four hours before the
result was known. The machine was not
in use during the election.
The cost of these machines is small.
and the number of poll clerks will be
reduced so materially that the machines
will pay for themselves in from three to
seven years.
There are SIS precincts in San Fran
cisco, which would call for a correspond
ing number of voting machines.
Frank Jordan, who Is the San Fran
•cisco agent for the company, expressed
his belief yesterday afternoon that the
machine will be put into use in this city
by the next municipal election.
All day yesterday large crowds visite.i
the booth to work the instrument. Its
success was assured by the satisfactory
results later in the eveninz.
At 5 o'clock the machine was locked,
the back unlocked and the total votes for
each candidate taken from the counting
dials In the presence of the voters. The
votes were then taken to Registrar
Walsh, who receipted for them at five
minutes past 5 o'clock.
The total number of votes cast in the
machine was 576. which la about three
times the number of votes cast in a pre
cinct.
Experiments May
Lead to Final
Adoption.
Voting Machine Is
Tried in This
City.
RETURNS INDICATE REPUBLICANS WIN OFFICES OF AUDITOR, CITY ATTORNEY
TAX COLLECTOR, TREASURER, COUNTY AND ELECT EIGHT SUPERVISORS
Election Day Free
From Exciting
Incident.
Bulk of Votes Is
Cast After the
Noon Hour.
Santa Clara College Wins.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 3.— Santa Clara College
defeated the football team from Fort
Baker this afternoon on the college grid-
Iron by the score of 22 to 0. AI-
Violates Election Law.
John Petersen. proprietor of a restau
rant at Pine street and Belden place, was
arrested yesterday afternoon and booked
at the City Prison on a charge of violat
ing the election law. He Is accused of
having sold licuor to two sailors.
OAKLAND GETS BULLETINS.
The Call Gives People of Bay City
Election News.
OAKLAND, Nov. 3.— A large crowd read
The Call bulletins on the San Francisco
elections this evening as they were flash
ed on the big screen 'in front of the Oak
land office. Returns from the Eastern
cities were alternated with those from
San Francisco, and those who read the
bulletins were kept informed of the #
progress of the count in New York, the'
more important Eastern cities and San
Francisco.
quietly in the Tenderloin district. Schmitz
had a number of workers In the vicinity
of Bush street and Grant avenue, who
were doing all in their power to gain
votes for him. Herman Stein failed to sat
isfy the election officers that he waa en
titled to vote on account cf having
changed his residence and was arrested,
but subsequently released on bail.
CROCKER'S DISTRICT.
In the Thirty-eighth, Thirty-ninth, For
tieth and Forty-first Assembly districts,
which includes the territory north of
Market street and west of Van Ness ave
nue, the votes arrived early at the polls
and by noon the great majority had cast
their ballots. In these districts a careful
estimate would place the vote at about
SO per cent of the number who had reg
istered and were eligible. In several of
the precincts the voting was practically
all done before 9 o'clock. Everything was
quiet and no disorder of any kind took
place. Every saloon and grocery bar
was closed tight. as a drum and politicians
and voters alike had to go thirsty until
5 o'clock, when the voting booths prompt
ly closed and the saloons opened with
equal alacrity.
In the Thirty-first, Thirty-second, Thir
ty-third. Thirty-fourth and Thirty-fifth
Assembly districts a large vote was polled.
In many cases nine-tenths of the voters
registered cast their ballots.
There was not a. single arrest during
the day in the Mission beyond Tenth
street for any infraction of the election
laws. Every booth had a peaceful re
port to make and when the polls closed
at 5 o'clock every one was of the opinion
that the city had just witnessed one of
the most quiet elections ever held within
its boundaries.
With the exception of a word y war be
tween a supporter of Schmitz and an ad
herent of Crocker, the election passed off
A large vote was registered in every
precinct in the various districts in the
Mission yesterday. The day was espec
ially devoid of any trouble around the
different booths. By noon the largest
number of voters had cast their ballots
and all in a very orderly manner.
IN THE MISSION BELT.
Mayor Schmitz had workers around ev
ery booth, who watched the officials and
discussed the Mayor's chances of re-elec
tion.
The police had things easy. Not one
arrest was recorded. Owing to the sa
loons being closed, there were no intoxi
cated men on the streets. Officers re
ported In every precinct that they had
not had occasion to drive men away for
soliciting votes or for interference. The
workingmen voted before going to work
and at noon time.
A light vote was cast south of Market.
In almost every precinct the votes fell
short. The election was the quietest held
in that section of the city in years. Very
few politicians hung around the booths.
Voters came and went without being im
portuned for their votes. A report came
from the Ruef crowd that the officials
in the booths on Folsom street, between
Second and Third streets, were intoxi
cated. Registrar Walsh went there and,
much to his satisfaction, found every of
ficer in the booth, and sober.
SOUTH OF MARKET STREET.
Word was received by the Registrar
that the election officers in the Sixth.
Eighth and Fourteenth precincts of the
Twenty-eighth Assembly District were
drunk and unfit to attend to their duties.
Walsh investigated the complaint and
found that this was untrue, as the elec
tion officers were doing good work.
noon and were the liveliest throughout the
city.
Owing to alleged irregularities in the
polling places in the Fourth, Seventh and
Thirteenth precincts of the Forty-four
Assembly District, located at the What
Cheer House corner of Pine and Mont
gomery streets and Grant avenue, near
Putter street. President Voorsanger of the
Election Commission ordered the swear
ing in of twenty-five additional deputies
late yesterday afternoon. The men were
ordered to take up their stations at the
three booths and instructed to see that
there v.as a fair count and that the elec
tion ofiicers should not be interfered with
In the discharge of their duties.
It was openly charged that attempts
•were hfins made to vote the names of
men who had been marked on* as moved
from the What Cheer House. In one
case, at least, the attempt appears to
have been successful. Supervisor Wilson
reported to Registrar Walsh that a man
named Roberts was denied a vote by the
• lection officers because his name had
already been voted. Roberts demonstrat
ed that he was the real Roberts and on
instructions from the Registrar's office
he was permitted to cast his vote. Thus
two votes were credited to Roberts.
The Registrar removed two election of
ficers in the precinct because of incom
petency. The judges were instructed to
compare the signature of the intending
voter with his affidavit of registration,
and no more complaints were received.
The three precincts named were visited
by all the politicians during the after-
FORTY-FOURTH DISTRICT.
Some complaints were made against a
{jew election officers and Registrar Walsh
v.as promptly on hand to straighten out
the misunderstandings between voters
and the election officials.
All was ouiet throughout the day in
ih* Forty-nfth Assembly District. The
voting was heavy until shortly after the
noon hour, when It slackened in some of
the precincts. On the whole a fair vote
nas cast. There were rumors of money
l»i!ig lavishly us=ed. but most of the vot
ers were in line before the polls opened.
It being Abe Ruef's stronghold, the bal
lots for Schmitz wore many, but this did
not discourage the toilers for the other
candidates. Jt was generally conceded
¦< arly in the day that the present Mayor
would carry the district. , There were
fourteen polling places and all report that
a good percentage of votes in the pre
cincts was cast.
Claims of all kinds -were rnade hourly
by the candidates and their friends and
in certain Quarters betting was froely in
dulged in as to the probable results.
Very few arrests were made. The ma
jority of these were for drunkenness,
while a few men were taken into custody
for selling liquor during the election
h«-«ur5.
In fiisf instances workers tried to elec
tioneer within 100 feet of the polls, but
were warned by the police that a repeti
tion of the offense would result in arrest.
hours that the election booths were open
before marking their ballots.
The various candidates for election were
up early, visited the districts and were
•warmly created by their supporters. A
few attempts were made to impersonate
vnt«>r?. but the vigilance of the election
officers prevented frauds and seme ar
rests were made.
A heavy vole was expected during the
early hours of the morning, but expecta
tions were rsot realized, t'p to tho noon
hour the vote north of Market street was
much heavier than that south of the main
artery of the city, but tha workingmen,
for some reason, waited until the last
THE elation of yesterday was a
v^ry quiet on«\ taking Into con-
Fidfratlon the extreme Interest
shewn in the contest by the citi
zens and the larpn vote cast.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 4, 1903.CROWDS IN FJRONT OF CLAUS SPRECKELS BUILDING READING CALL'S BULLETINS ON ELECTION RETURNS
Mississippi Is Democratic
JACKSON, Miss., Nov. 4.— From re-
turn* received at midnight It Is doubtful
DEMOCRATS HAVE
FIELD TO THEMSELVES
IN OLD VIRGINIA
RICHMOND, Va_, Nov. 3.— The elections
in Virginia for members of the Assembly
have resulted in a Democratic sweep of
the State. There were few contests, the
field as a rule being left open to the
Democrats. At 11:30 o'clock the outcome
at the hardest fought point was still un
decided. Two surprises appear, however.
In the defeat of Democratic nominees in
Jiotecourt and Fredericksburg. The vote
Afiexally was light, being in Richmond
cily. for example, only about 23 per cent
of the registration.
PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 3.— Estimates
from the sixty-seven counties of the
Etate Indicate a plurality for Mathus
<R.), for State Treasurer, of 217.7S4. Sny
<Jer, for Auditor General, and Morrison
and Henderson, for Judges of the Su
perior Court, were given approximately
the same immense pluralities. Snyder
became the object of criticism because
as a State Senator he voted for what Is
known as the "press-muzzier law," but
this apparently cut very' little figure.
The returns indicate Republican gains
in forty-nine counties and Democratic
jrains in the remaining eighteen.
PHILADELPHIA. Nov. 3.— The election
in the Fourth Congressional District to
fill the vacancy caused by the death of
R. H. Foederer resulted: Moon (R.) 15,575,
Raff (Ind.) 1K0, Ressler (Pro.) 251
PENNSYLVANIA ROLLS
UP MOBE THAN 200,000
BEPUBLICAN PLURALITY
The entire Democratic Assembly ticket
¦was elected in Union county, which is a
defeat for United States Senator Kean.
The Republican nominees, who were fa
vorable to his return to the Senate, were
openly opposed at the polls by the antl-
K'an faction In that county.
The next State Senate will stand four
.tcen Republicans and seven Democrats.
The important elections in the State
outside the legislative contests were the
Mayoralty fights in Jersey City and Tren
ton. Mayor Fagan (R.) was re-elected in
Jersey City by 1000 majority. In Trenton
Mayor Katzecbacs (D.) was re-elected by
475 majority.
Revised returns from Monmouth Coun
ty f hew the election of three Democratic
members cf the House there. The House
cf Assembly will consist of thlrty-6ix Re
rubUcacs and twenty-six Democrats.
TRENTON, N. J.. Nov. 3 —The Repub
licans to-day elected four State Senators
and enough of the AEsembly to claim both
houses.
BEPUBLICANS RETAIN
CONTROL OF THE NEW
JERSEY LEGISLATURE
DENVER, Nov. 3.— At 11 o'clock to
night Chairman Fairley of the Repub
lican State Central Committee gave out
a signed statement in which he claimed
the election of Campbell by 12,000 plurality
over Wilson (D.) for Judge of the Su
preme Court. He declared that Campbell
had carried the city of Denver by not
less than 2300, and charged gross frauds
against the Democratic managers.
Colorado Goes Republican.
From the Flat Iron building, with its
twenty-storied beak a glare of electric
lights, to Longacre square 100,000 persons
surged back and forth from one bulletin
board to another. On Broadway and parts
of Fifth, Sixth and Seventh avenues,
with some of the intersecting streets, the
noise became as the evening- wore on a
roar that sounded like the crash of many
batteries of artillery.
The enthusiasm was not confined to the
Tenderloin alone, but extended to other
parts of the city and to Brooklyn.
NEW YORK, Nov. 3.— From th<? fall of
darkness until long after midnight the
Tenderloin was the scene of noisy revel.
The vigorous hum which commenced as
the first few bulletins appeared soon grew
into the most tremendous demonstration
that the Tenderloin— or the city Itself, for
that matter— has ever seen.
TENDERLOIN CELEBRATES.
Remarkable Demonstration Over the
Victory of Tammany.
The legislative returns, although not
complete indicate little change from two
years aeo, when the House contained 82
Republicans and IS Democrats and the
Senate 40 Republicans and 10 Democrats.
The Democrats may gain three members
of tho House.
DES.'MOINES. Iowa, Nov. 3.— Returns
received up to midnight indicate the re
election of Governor Cummins by a plu
rality of 60.000 and of his associates on
the Republican ticket by substantially
the same pluralities. At Democratic
headquarters so great a defeat is not ad
mitted.
REPUBLICAN TICKET
TRIUMPHS IN IOWA
BY SIXTY THOUSAND
if the vote will reach 30,000. The Demo
cratic ticket, headed by J. K. Vardaman
for Governor, is elected. The Legislature
chosen to-day will re-elect H. D. Money
and A. J. McLaurin Senators. The Re
publicans had no ticket In the field to
day.
CLEVELAND. Nov. 4.— At 2 o'clock
only 100 of the 200 precincts in the city
of Cleveland had been figured out These
Fhow Herrick (R.) for Governor has 14,
€?5, against Johnson (D.) 15.S5S. The total
vote in the city will not be known until
•well on in the day.
COLUMBUS. Ohio, Nov. 4.— The Repub
licans carried this city by the unprece
dented Republican plurality of 4500 and
Franklin County by CS-W for Governor,
p.lso electing four Republican Represen
tatives.
CINCINNATI, Nov. 4.— Complete re
turns from the sixty-nine precincts out
ride of the city of Cincinnati give Herrick
£47S, Johnson 5314. This gives Herrick a
plurality of 29.SRS in Hamilton County.
COLUMBUS* Ohio. Nov. 4.— An hour
after midnight Chairman Dick of the Re
publican State Committee pave out his
last announcement for to-nipht, that the
Republican plurality would exceed
125.000; that the Republicans had elected
twenty-six and the Democrats four State
Senators, with three districts not heard
from: that the- Republicans had elected
eighty-seven Representatives and the
Democrats eleven, with twelve counties
riot heard from, assuring a Republican
majority of eiphty-three on joint ballot
for Senator, with fifteen votes not yet
determined.
At the City Hall, where Republican
Chairman Dick and others received the
returns, the greatest demonstrations were
over the announcements from Cleveland
that the Republicans had carried the
home of Hanna and of Clark. Herrick
and Johnson, by a decisive plurality. It
is said that thj Republicans have carried
three-fourths of the eighty-eight counties.
It is said that the Democrats who op
posed Johnson to-day will continue their
organization to prevent him controlling
the next Democratic State Convention or
naming thr- Ohio delegates at large to the
next national convention.
On account of the vote on five constitu
tional amendments, the counting was de
layed throughout Ohio to-night and when
returns wore received they could not be
compared with those of any preceding
State election, as the seventy-one munic
ipalities with 5000 population or more had
been redistricted under a new municipal
c«de that went into effect this year and
changed the voting precincts in the re
organized municipalities. Almost all the
returns received were from tho cities, on
which the U5ual rate of gains or losses
could not be definitely determined, but
most of them made such Republican
gains over their vote of last April, -with
which comparisons could be made, as to
Indicate that the drift was with the Re
publicans in the towns, even greater than
In the rural districts, where the Repub
licans were gaining a dozen to the pre
cinct ever the vote of last year, when
the Republicans had a plurality of more
than 90.00ft. At the same time the reports
Of county commiiteemen. so far received,
indicate that the Republican tidal wave
had carried the close or doubtful districts
and counties for State Senators and
representatives, eo that the Republican
majority on joint ballot was larger than
ever before.
over Tom Johnson would ex
ceed 1T5.000 and that there would be more
than 100 of the 143 votes In the Legisla
ture for the re-election of Senator Hanna.
It is believed that the Republican major
ity on Joint ballot will exceed seventy
four.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Nov. 4.—Short
ly before midnight Chairman
Dirk announced that Myron T.
Herri ok* s plurality for Governor
Hanna Will Be Returned to
Senate by Overwhelming
Majority.
Returns Show Record- Breaking
Landslide in the Buckeye
State.
REPUBLICAN MAJORITY IN OHIO IS INCREASED AND HANNA WINS LEGISLATURE;
TAMMAY REGAINS CONTROL OF GREATER NEW YORK'S MUNICIPAL GOVERNMENT
McClellan's Plurality Over Low
Is About Seventy
Thousand.
"I am deeply grateful to my fellow cfli
zens for their confidence in me. I renew
the promises which I have made before
election. I have no bitterness of feeling
for any one. I shall go at once to Wash-
NEW MAYOR'S STATEMENT
McClellan, who is at present a member
of Congress, made the following state
ment:
To-day's result shows a tremendous
change of public sentiment since Mayor
Low's election two years ago, when he
won by 31.632. At that time he carried all
the boroughs but Queens, his plurality
In Manhattan and the Bronx being 5663;
in Brooklyn. 25,767, and in Richmond 736.
To-day McClellan carries Manhattan
and the Bronx by about 58,000, a gain of
23,000; Brooklyn by 6000, a gain of 31,000,
and Queens by about 5000, a gain of more
than 4000. This means a total net gain
for McClellan of about 103,000, as com
pared •with Shepard's vote of two years
ago.
Low carried only one borough—Rich
mond—by about 200 votes.
The result was known early and at 8:15
o'clock Mayor Low sent a telegram of
congratulation to McClellan.
A surprise was the low vote for 'William
Devery, former Commissioner of Police,
who ran on the independent ticket, which
was given practically no support.
TAMMANY'S BIO GAIN.
tically every minister of relig
ion in this city, George B. McClellan, son
of the Civil "War general, was elected the
third Mayor of Greater New York over
Beth Low, Fusionlst, the present Mayor,
by a plurality of about 70,000.
Edward M. Grout was elected Comp
troller and Charles V. Fornes president of
the Board of Aldermen. These two men
were originally on the Fusion ticket and
were Indorsed by Tammany, whereupon
the Fuslonists took their names from the
Low ballots and nominated other candi
dates. It was the nomination of Grout
and Fornes by Tammany that caused
McL&ughJ&i, the veteran leader of the
Kings County Democracy, . to bolt and
declare that he would not support men
who were not Democrats. In spite of
McLaughlln's defection, McClellan. Grout
and Fornes carried Kings County. The
management of their campaign was tak
en over by State Senator Patrick McCar
ren when McLaughlin refused to aid.
NHW YORK, Nov. 3.— After a re
markable campaign, in which
was united against him nearly
all of the newspapers and prac-
Grout and Fornes Defeat the
Nominees of the
Fusionists.
lngton to prepare- for "the extraordinary
session and as soon as the question of
Cuban reciprocity is disposed of I Will
turn my attention to the affairs of tBe
city.
"I invite the co-oneratlon of every cit
izen, whether he supported me or not-and
regardless of his political views. In tho
advancement of the city's good.
"This victory should encourage and
unite all Democrats for the Presidential
contest in 1904."
Charles F. Murphy, they leaderof Tarn
many Hall, eaid:
"The figures speak for themselves and
the people have spoken. Of course we are
pleased at the result. It bears out tfc"e
figures we give. If the election had been
a week farther off the chances are that
Devery would have polled a larger votd
than Low."
CUTTING' IS ASTONISHED.
Robert Fulton Cutting, at the Citizens'
Union headquarters, gave out a statement
in which he expressed his astonishment
over the result and his belief that "the
partisan administration which Mr. Mc-
Clellan proposes cannot maintain the
standard set by Mr. Low."
Meanwhile, he cays, the Citizens* Union
will occupy itself in preparing 1 for the
next election. He is persuaded that Its
services will b» required at*that time.
"With Commissioner Greene at police
headquarters watching the returns was
District Attorney Jerome. "When the elec
tion of McClellan was assured Jerome was
asked if he had anything to say.
"Not a funeral note," he replied.
Later, however, a statement which he
had made before Low was nominated. In
which he said that the Mayor, if renom
inated, would be beaten by a majority of
from 25,000 to 40,000. was shown to him.
"That was my calm judgment then." he
said, "but when I got into the fight my
Instinctive judgment was lost. It simply
shaped itself into a question of whether
you could put out a naked principle to
be supported by an unlovable man."
Commissioner Greene said ha would
surely resign his office on or before De
cember 3L •
"BOSSES" "WHP ABE GAINERS.
The victory, great as it i3 for McClel
lan, is of more significance to Murphy.
who made up the Democratic ticket and
managed the campaign. Defeat to-day
would have meant for him deposition f rom
his post of leader, with' all its powers and
opportunities, and the accession of an
other faction to control. Indeed, plans
had been made by certain Independent
Democrats, based on the belief that Low
would bo re-elected, to reorganize tho
Democracy of the city with Tammany left
out.
To McCarren, also, the result meant
much, for, had McClellan lost. McLaugh
lln would have been again in control and
MeCarren and his friends would have had
little to hope for. The carrying of Brook
lyn for McClellan caused astonishment, as
it was believed that the cry of "No red
lights in Brooklyn" would cause an in
creased vote for Low in that borough.
The campaign was one of the most in
teresting In the history of New York City.
From the day Mayor Low was renomi
nated his supporters urged his re-elec
tion on the ground that no partisan ques
tion was involved, but that every man
should vote to uphold the existing ad
ministration, because it had given the city
a businesslike conduct of affairs and be
cause It had done much to stamp out ths
"red light" evil of the East Side.
It was argued by fusion 1st orators that
the return of Tammany men to office
would mean a "wide open town," unre
stricted in lawlessness and the renewed
terrors of the Infamous "cadet system."
by which ignorant girls were brought to
disgrace. McClellan was attacked by the
speakers for the fuslonists because they
alleged he had sold the name of his hon
ored father to cloak the designs of evil
men.
To these statements the- Democrats re
sponded with the charges that Low's non-
alded forth to the waiting mass by The
Call bulletins, full three minutes ahead
of any of the other papers.
When the Mayor's picture was placed
before the stereopticon a second later the
crowd gave vent to a mighty cheer, and
when the green fire from the dome of
the mammoth building glared -forth into
the fog of the night the air was rent with
shouts from the waiting crowd below.
The Call's bulletin service was perfect.
Trained men were kept on duty at the
various places where the returns came in
and they telephoned them to the i main
office of the paper. As quick as the mes
sages were received they .were placed on
the slides and hurried to the stereopticon
and given to the crowd below.
In the dispatch and accuracy with
which the bulletins were given to the
crowd The Call led the other papers
right through the evening. From, the time
the first bulletin was cast upon' the
ecreen until the last returns were in The
Call's rapid bulletin service gave to the
assemblage the first and most accurate
returns from the polls.
It was just 10:<5 when the information
that Schmitz had been victorious was her-
jammed together that breathing was dif
ficult. As each succeeding bulletin was
thrown on the screen shouts of joy and
cheers went up from the throats of those
of the open-air audience to whose favorite
candidate the returns gave the best re-
BUltS.
THOUSANDS of struggling, squirm
ing people crowded Market Btreet
in front of the Call building last
night to view the bulletin* of the
election returns.
People struggled and fought for places
of vantage that they might see the re
turns. Through the vast crowd the cable
and trolley c/.rs crept with snail's pace.
Scores of blue-coated policemen wended
their way in and out of the chaotic mass,
stopping some excited individual from
shoving, clearing the tracks of congested
humanity, restoring order.
Directly In front of the Call building
the crowd was densest. People were bo
From the dome of the Call building the
street had the appearance of being over
run with a shapeless, moving mass. The
crowd extended from Kearny street to
Grant avenue and filled every niche and
corner of the street and sidewalks. The
buildings on the north side of the street
were,Mled with spectators, every window
was black with anxious people and the
roofs were covered.
The street cars, driving their way slow
ly through the mass, were buried to the
middle with" this vast collection of hu
manity. Here and there moving currents
of people could be seen threading their
way up and down the street in an almost
vain effort to get nearer to the bulletins
or to extract themselves from the mob.
Many Thousand Surging, Struggling People Crowd Street to View The Call's Bulletins.
The crowd collected early, and all
through the evening hours seemed to
thicken rather than to thin out The air
rang continuously with its cheers. At VI
o'clock. there were still as many in front
of The Call bulletins as ever. Late into
the night they stayed, craning their necks
and eagerly reading each bulletin, and
did not disperse until the last bulletin
was flashed upon the screen. Then, with
a mighty shout, the followers of the last
and next Mayor started up the street In
a mad exhillaratlon of joy.
MADISON, WI3., Nov. 3.— Charles Sey
mour, for many years United States Con
sul at Canton, China, Is dead at Burling
ton, Vt> aged S3 years.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 4, 1903.
Continued on Page 9, Column 1.
7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AVOID
THEJAUSE
DISEASE
I Nine-tenths of all our dTtetse*
have their beginning with
CONSTIPATION
It is a duty we owe to our
body to secure a free move-
ment of the bowels once every
day. The one reliable remedy
for constipation is
HUNYADI JANUS
THE NATUBAL LAXATIVE WATEfl.
y Half a glass on arising gives
II prompt and pleasant relief.
jlj Thtbni Yftiifymid* inSCOTLAMO^
1 ANDREW USHER
I O.VJG?
I SPECIAL' RESERVE
jl) To b* obtained th« World ov^T^ot
III Win».Mcrchanti.»nd^D«»l«r»
U WlLUAMWOUTACO^^aK*It is very likely that Charles Srhwab, the shrewdly un
scrupulous manipulator of the ship-building trust, will be
sued for twenty million dollars which, it is claimed, he has
unlawfully acquired. There is yet reason to hope, therefore,
that with courts, investigations and honest prosecutors, the
way of the American transgressor is still hard.
The JVind's Chisel.
In Western Beaver County, Okla.. what
Is known geologically as the Dakota sand
stone rises from its dip under the plains
and Isolated fragments of striking con
tour stand like sentinels in the alienee of.
the lonely country. Erosion by wind and
rain has worn, these pyramids of sand
stone till they resemble tall chimneys of
fantastic design, cap lying on cap, till it
would seem that a push would topple
them to the ground. Many natural for-
It is likely that San Francisco will soon have another
distinguished visitor, and it goes without saying we will
welcome him. A hypnotist in the South Dakota town of La
mont induced a fool to be buried alive the other day and
the consequences were disastrous to the fool. The populace
beat the hypnotist almost to death. If he knows San Fran
cisco is on the map. and it is the business of all impostors
to know that it is, he certainly will take up his lifework un
der our encouragement, v :^«y: :
The wedding cake of Princess Alice of
Battenberg was six feet high. It was one
of the largest cakes ever made for a royal
bride, although that presented to Princes3
Beatrice by the ladles of Kent was about
twenty ir-ches taller. The latter master
piece in confectionery cost 500 guineas. It
is a rule at royal weddings to have four
or five cakes, one of which is made by
the bride's own cooks, and cut up for dis
patch to her particular friends.
Good Sized Caifc.
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candles. 60c a pound. i a artistic fire
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market St.. above Call bids. •
Special Information supplied daily to
justness bouses &nd public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1043. •
Cost of Libraries.
- Carnegie libraries cost something:. Mr.
Carnegie recently said: "I have helped
found 760 libraries and have SOO more un
der advisement." This will make, say,
1500 in all. During the last year he gave
158 library buildings, at a cost to him of
J6.679.000. so the average cost of the build
ings is $42,270. and 1500 of them will aggre
gate ?63.405.000. kN'ow, under the contract
with Mr. Carnegie, the cities blessed must
tax themselves annually 10 per cent of the
cost of the buildings to provide funds for
-the maintenance. This would be $6,J10,500
every year. In addlton to the interest on
more than $30,000,000 paid by the cities for
libtTfy sites. By these transactions the
libraries will cost Mr. Carnegie each year,
at 5 per cent interest on his investment'
$3,170,250. while the cost to the cities at
the same rate will be .$7,840,500, or two
and a half times as m€ch.— Kansas City
Journal. - .
Maximum Speed.
An electric car running on the Marion
felde-Zossen experimental line In Ger
many reached, on October 6. a speed of
125 4-5 miles an hour. Passengers are car
ried at that rate, and live to tell about it.
The car used has four motors havtr.g be
tween them about 1100 horsepower. Fur
ther experiments are likely to show
speeds considerably higher, and th:> at
tainment of c. velocity of 130 miles an hoar
-Is not unlikely. Whether this is to be the
speed of fast trains on future railroads 13
open to discussion. The limit to possible
speed no discerning observer is ready to
define yet. The limit of speed at which
passengers will ever consent to be hauled
or railroad companies can ever afford to
haul them will probably be considerably
lower, but the facts are not yet forth
coming for the calculation of even that.—
Harper's Weekly. s
Lil Brozvn Feet.
Oveh de san' hill, undeh de pine,
HI brown feet am roamln';
Tangled en tohn in de bracbehhy vine—
Coled in de mill race foamin".
Off wheh de wil'est ob blossoms grow
Chasm' det tiny hummeh;
Neveh a keeh or tr'uble know-
Free es de win's ob sumraeh.
LJ1 brown feet. Ill brown toes.
Oveh de sweet wil' mint dey goes:
Oveh de hillside, undeh de tree.
Dem 111 brown feet so happy en free.
Up fum de lowlan's, up fum de swamp,
Es de ol' sun am loweh.
HI brown feet so weahy fum romo,
Pattln' iloweh en sloweh.
But soon dem 111 feet roll up in bed,
Dess lak a 111 brown bundle.
De moon man see. when he rise so red,
LJ1 brown f«et in de trundle.
Lll brown feet! two ob a kin*.
Who am de owneh? Nebbeh yo' min":
Sum day dey'll follow de paff ob de plow,
'Stead ob de paff dey's followln' now.
—Harper's Magazine.
New Gun.
: "The new gun Is an exceptionally pow
! erful and efficient weapon," says the Lon
1 don Telegraph. "It has an extreme range
j of 10,000 yards and a rate of fire of twen
j ty-nine rounds per minute. The improved
1 time fuse permits of effective shrapnel
I tire at a range of 3100 yards, an enor
; mous advance on anything possible with
I our present type of field gun. There are
I four special points in which the new type
I surpasses tne old. These are simplicity
I of the breech action, in which the inter
rupted screw is abolished: Increased
range, vastly increased rapidity of fire
and perfect absorption of the recoil. In
the old type of gun a coned steel block,
carrying an interrupted screw thread, was
used to close the breech and intricate
and comparatively delicate mechanism
was necessary to work it quickly, while
the danger of burring or injuring the
screw threads when Inserting the shell
necessitated an amount of care which ma
terially interfered with the rapid loading
of the gun. The new breech, which Is
the invention of Colonel Deport of the
French artillery, entirely obviates these
difficulties. Instead of a threaded cone,
worked by a complicated system of levers
and ratchets, there will be in the new
gun a plain steel disc, swinging on a pivot.
"When the crank handle attached to
the disc is pulled the disc slides around,
so that a cartridge can be Inserted in
the bore, a reversal of the motion closes
the breech and fires the gun, the whole
operation occupying less than a second of
time when performed by well trained gun
ners. The writer saw a French gun de
tachment fire eight rounds in fifteen sec
onds for the benefit of the Czar of Rus
sia at Fort de Fresne, near Rhelms, and
thirty rounds have been fired In one'min
ute by a picked squad at the French
School of Gunnery. This extreme rapid
ity Is effected by the adoption of an auto
matic attachment, which fires the gun
the instant the disc has swung Into posi
tion and closed the breech. When a slow
er rate of fire is required, as in ranging,
the automatic action is put out of gear
by a very simple arrangement, and the
gun can then be fired by pulling a lan
yard, which releases" the striker In the
ordinary way. An exactly sim.lar breech
mechanism ha.s been adopted by the Ad
miralty for heavy guns, and weapons
manufactured In" future will be fitted with
it. In opening the breech after the shot
has*been fired an extractor grips the
rim of the exploded cartridge case and
jerks It out, so as to leave the gun ready
for the next round. Fixed ammunition
that Is, the cartridge and the shell joined
In one piece, like a rifle cartridge— will,
of course, be used for the new gun."
Innovation Prophesied.
A professor who Is said to be an in
structor at the Naval Academy has been
telling people in Chicago that libraries
will soon be made up of "talWing ma
chine disks." In a lecture out 'there he
Is reported to have said:
"In time these disks will take the place
of textbooks. Paper backed novels will
disappear and instead of reading printed
books the student will only have to put a
disk in his talking machine and have the
novel read to him in the living voice ot
its creator.
"The new method will be especially val
uable to those who teach languages. It
will overcome the necessity of linguists
wasting time in teaching pronunciation '
By the use of the talking machine it has
been shown that the pronunciation of for
eign words can be taught" In a short time
with accuracy unequaled by any other
method. We have disks here on which
are lessons in French and Spanish spoken
by professors. When a student mispro
nounces a word it is only necessary to
refer him to a certain disk."
WE are not informed as to the exact crime com
mitted by the British subject, Lynchehaun, whose
extradition has been refused by the United States
Commissioner at Indianapolis. The crime is admitted by
the Commissioner to have been brutal, but he insists that
it was political in its nature, and the accused is therefore
not subject to extradition. This decision is probably a blun
der that may weaken the whole international system of ex
tradition. There is no revolution in progress in Great
Britain, and personal assaults under such circumstances
lose all political color in the supreme right of the people
to protection in their personal rights. This country, since
the political assassination of President McKinley, has en
deavored to create an international understanding in re
gard to the treatment of anarchists. This has depended
upon general recognition of the fact that, in the absence of
revolutionary conditions and when Governments have inter
nal peace, personal assault and assassination is an act of
anarchy.
It is none the less so if committed upon the person ot a
lesser official than the chief executive of a nation, or if even
a private citizen or subject be its victim. We had .one other
noted case before this of Lynchehaun, but with, features en
tirely different. The Ezeta brothers murdered and fought
their way to power in Salvador, one becoming Presi
dent and the other Vice President. The processes by which
they reached power, though abnormal elsewhere, were nor
mal there, since a constitutional change in the Presidency
had been unknown for fifty years, and one robber and mur
derer had succeeded another as President by revolution. In
due time Gutierrez, by revolution, expelled the Ezetas.
and one of them, with his staff of ragamuffin generals, fook
refuge on a United States ship and landed in San Francisco,
where they were detained upon Salvador's demand that they
be extradited for punishment.
TKe case was heard by Hon. \V. W. Morrow, then
United States District Judge, and it was clearly shown that
the crimes imputed to Ezeta were customary acts in that
country, incident to the many usurpations of the Presiden
tial power, and while the Ezetas had probably been 'a trifle
handier with gun and dagger than their bloodthirsty prede
cessors and successors, their offenses were still the ordinary
incidents in the politics of Salvador, and extradition was
refused. Had the party been extradited of course they would
have been tied together and shot as soon as they landed in
Salvador. This case was not on all fours with that of
Lynchehaun. His offense, whatever it was, seems to have
been a felony under the laws of Great Britain. Had he been
extradited he .would not have been delivered over*to sum
mary punishment without trial, but would have his day
in court and the benefit of all the orderly machinery of jus
tice to prove his innocence or mitigate his punishment. It
is a misrepresentation of American sentiment to say that his
crime, though brutal, was political, and that therefore he is
entitled to an inviolable asylum in the United States. We
don't want any additions to that class of people in this
country. When the next anarchist murders a President of
the United States, if he succeed in making a^foreign asylum,
his extradition may be refused to us on exactly the same
grounds as those put for the benefit of Lyncheha,un by the
Indianapolis Commissioner.
PROBABLY A BLUNDER.
STUDENT RIOTS.
"DOWN-ARM MOVEMENT."
ing position again. Do not let the pupil
push it down— he simply ceases to hold
it upraised and the attraction of gravita
tion brings it down to the position whence
It started.
Remember that the hand must rise very,
very slowly and evenly — not in a jerky
manner at all. It is much more difficult
tc do these exercises slowly than rapidly,
but they are intended to be done as slow
ly as possible, that being the way to ac
complish the most good by them.
After each wrist motion, and, in fact,
after each exercise I give you, do not for
get to relax the child's muscles with the
circular motion, taking great care that
the elbow and hand follov.- freely during
the progress of each revolution.
Do not be disturbed If the child's arm
aches a little at first. It will not do so
unless he is holding some muscle or mus
cles tense, and as soon as the muscles
are perfectly free and unconfined there
will be no aching sensation. Also re
member to let him rest fbr a moment
every little while, so that the lessons will
not become irksome.
And now, at last, we come to the fing
ers:
With the hand in playing position, as
before, let the pupil raise the first finger
(thumb) very slowly. counting "one,"
"two," "three," and Wting the finger drop
at the count "four." just as he did the
hand in the wrist motion Just described.
This finger motion is to be treated in
exactly the same way as the wrist mo
tion, but great care must be taken that
the fingers all remain relaxed and that
the hand is not thrown out -of poise.
There must be absolutely no movement
anywhere, except in the one finger; and
after each time remember to relax with
one or two revolutions of the "circle" mo
tion.
Do this exercise with the first finger
(thumb) six times, always remembering
to count aloud, very slowly, then go on
to the second finger and try that six
times in the same way,- and so on through
all the fingers of both hands.
You will find much more difficulty with
the fourth fir.ger than with any other,
because of its close muscular connection
"FINGER MOTION."
/
FROM East and West come almost daily accounts of
riotous, unlawful and disorderly conduct by students
in colleges, universities and high schools. Often serious
j personal injury is inflicted and property is maliciously de
j stroyed. In one town even the young lady students engaged
in a free for all fight on the stage in a public hall, and bit
and bruised and scratched each other" and tore off clothes
to the extreme of indecency. These things are too much
excused on the score of class spirit and youthful efferves
cence of feeling. They show bad training in the spirit of
! respect for the rights of others, and in the inviolability of
j property. A felony committed upon person or property is
no less a felony because they who commit it are students
and are young and bumptious. Even in old and sober in
stitutions like Yale and Harvard there are violent out
1 breaks which lead to criminal excesses.
It is^ not always that the persons injured and property
damaged or destroyed belong to the institutions whose stu
dents are responsible. The citizens who live in the vicinity
of universities and colleges, instead. of finding the contact
elevating to their children, are mortified to know that the
spirit of recklessness and disorder is by example taught to
their own households, and there is a general loosening of
the bonds of order and obedience. Even homicides are com
mitted in these mad outbreaks, or wounds are inflicted that
are a lifelong handicap upon the sufferer.
There is need of drawing closer the lines of parental ad
monition and control, and of stricter attention to discipline
on the part of the officers of institutions of learning. No
sane person objects to the young' folks having "a good
time," but it is not having a good time to brawl like drunken
costermongers, or destroy property like criminal incen
diaries. There is everything in the, good old-fashioned char
acter of lady and gentleman. It is a character founded upon
lifelong restraint of reckless impulse, and in a refined re
spect for the rights of others. But these wholesome stan
dards seem to be lost sight of. It is too frequently the
case that people who have to be on the streets, or in public
conveyances, near institutions of learning are offended by
disorderly conduct and vile language by students. The per
sonal philosophy of life and character and conduct are re
vealed not by young people in moments of self-conscious
ness, when they wish to be favorably impressed upon those
who observe them, but by their self-restraint and demeanor
when in charge of their own discipline.
It is, painful to reflect thai when the standard is applied
so many fail in measurement to the proportion of gentlemen.
It is to be hoped that from the family outward to the col
lege faculty there may be made and enforced a strong im
pression of the need of inculcating unselfishness and re
spect for others and for propriety of conduct. A student
body so trained should be incapable of resolving itself into
a destructive mob, capable of thoughtless and violent con
duct. The example is of evil, and only evil; It.strengthens the
bad purpose of the criminal and abandoned, who, seeing the
toleration of lawlessness in students, conclude naturally that
their kind of criminal disregard for the law is just as war
rantable. Every American should desire to see our students
all capable of self-control as a great preparation for the time
soon coming when, as citizens, they 1 will control the Gov
ernment itself, and take its direction for good or for evil.
Our old friends the porch climbers are with us again.
The advent of winter has brought them to us like a visita
tion of fleas, and it is well for householders to know that
the knights of the jimmy and the skeleton keys have neither
sought an introduction nor a welcome from the police.- It
may not be amiss either to know that the guardians of our
streets have shown no particular desire to renew old ac
quaintanceships. !•: V J ¦
In affairs athletic the effete East is still maintaining its
theatrical pre-eminence over the West. On the Annapolis
football field one man was killed a few days ago, and this
advantage was quickly followed by Brooklyn, where a
youngster had his neck broken on the gridiron. We
haven't yet had even a serious accident, and the season has
progressed in violence almost to the big intercollegiate
game. • .
After the "down-arm" has been mas
tered with both bands we come to the
wrist motion, which Is to prepare the pu
pil for octave playing.
Place the hand and arm at "playing: po
sition" and try the circular motion a mo-
It i* a delight to watch Paderewski's
grasp of this exercise and to hear the
wonderful effects he produces with It.
Any fine pianist Is worth taking your
child to hear and see. however, provided
you let him sit near enough so that noth
ing will escape him.
It is very poor economy to take children
to any sort of entertainment and buy
peats in the- rear of the house. It Is a
great strain on the eyes, they miss much
that they should see and their Interest Is
apt to wane before the performance is
half over. It Is much better to go to a
few concerts or recitals and sit in close
proximity to the performer than to go to
many and sit so far back that the child
derives little or no benefit from them.
This "down-arm" exercise Is very im
portant, for it la always used (In a mod
ified form, of course) in bringing out rich
tones in piano playing, where heavy
chords occur. It prevents any .flat,
"bangy" effects, and makes instead a vol
ume of sound combined with a richness
in tone not to be accomplished In any
other way.
As th« Tcrist rises the hand and elbow
hang loosely downward, and do not alter
their relative positions in the exercise
until the middle finger has touched the
table again, after which Cnot before) the
wrist drops and rises, describing the circle
several times, or until you are satisfied
that the muscle* are perfectly free.
After having limbered up the child's
muscles for a moment by means of the
first motion, let him raise the right arm
without your aid to about the height of
his head, exactly as you did it for him
in the first exercise; but in coming down
there is a difference. Instead of letting
the arm dron as it will if must drop
straight down, in a perfectly relaxed and
free condition, but with the hand keeping
the exact position it assumed naturally
on its Journey upward — consequently as
it comes down the tip of the middle fin
ger will hit the table first. Using this
finger as a pivot, try the circle exercise
that is, describe a circle with the wrist,
according to the explanation in the first
lesson. This will relax the muscles, in
case there Is a tendency to tighten them
in the raising and lowering of the arm.
II will simplify this exercise greatly if
you tell the child to imagine there is a
string hanging from the ceiling, the end
of which is tied to his wrist, and which
draws the wrist up toward the ceiling,
holds it there a moment and then lets
it gently drop down again. That will help
him to put his thought directly on his
wrist, will make him relax all the other
muscles and at the same time relax his
wrist, even while it is going up, for the
Imaginary string will have quite as much
power to help him as your hand had In
the first exercise, only in this case he will
be doir.g all the work without realizing It.
Be sure that his wrist is leading, in
stead of either elbow or shoulder. If you
do not watch him every instant. If you
do not continue calling his attention to
"the string," his mind may wander, and
unconsciously his arm will be raised by
elbow or shoulder, which will throw It
out of poise, and so do harm instead of
rood.
-}. — u
ercises. The next exercise is to be a com
bination pf two of the others and is called
the "<5own-arm" movement.
Do not fall to follow all these direc
tions carefully, for the next lesson will
take our little pupil to the piano Itself.
In raising the fingers always raise
them from the second joint, thus keep
ing them arched exactly as they are when
at rest, in "playing position." The best
way to acconfpllsh this is to bring the
imaginary string into use again. Pretend
that-it Is tied around the second Joint of
the finger, and that it raises and lowers
the fingers, exactly as it did the wrist.
If you do not use this little subterfuge
the boy's tendency will be to throw the
end of the finger forward and out as it
rises,, thereby Inducing a complex mus
cular action which we wish to avoid.
After all the fingers have received their
proper amount of exercise It is quite pbs
sible that in spite of your efforts with
the relaxing motion there may be some
tension, caused by all this added work.
Therefore it is a good plan to go back
to first principles occasionally during the
lesson and, raising the pupli s arm for
him, let It drop at will, repeating the ex
ercise until all Is as it should be again.
Above all, never stop the lesson while the
child's arm is tense. Be sure he is per
fectly relaxed before you cease operations
for the day.
with the little finger. Do not expect too
much of It at first, however. It will grad
ually come under better control.
Many people have had the muscles con
necting the fourth and fifth fingers cut,
hoping thereby to gain great indepen
dence; bjit this is a very dangerous ex
periment, and In almost every case has
result, d in jiartial paralysis of the fingers
and In materially lessening their strength.
If these finger exercises I am giving
you are carried out. the fourth finger
¦will gradually become 33 strong and free
as tha others and the pupil will be able
to lift It Just as high as any of the others
In the course of time.
"WRIST MOTION."
A Matter of Names.
An Alameda man has just completed the
construction of a small sailboat for his
13-year-old boy. The boat was launched,
proved a success and only lacked a name
to take her place in befitting style among
the pleasure craft of the bay city.
"Let me choose a name for her." said
Tax Collector Ed Smith, who is a friend
of the amateur boat builder, "and I will
furnish a set of flags."
"I have honored your boat by calling
her Muriel, after my daughter," said
Smith a few weeks later. "Here are the
Hags. I hope you will like them."
The name was duly accepted and the
following morning at breakfast the Ala
meda man displayed the flags and la
formed his* family that the yacht would
be called Muriel, after Mr. Smith's daugh
ter. The selection was received with
warm approval by all but the youth for
whose recreation the boat had been built.
"What's the matter, George?" said his
father. "Don't you like the name?"
"Yes, the name's all right and It's easy
enough for you and very nice for Mr.
Smith, but I'll have to lick about seven
boys before I can convince the gang that
the boat is named after Muriel Smith and
not the Muriel that lives up the street."
Calif arnia Feathers.
"To find out anything about the os
trich feather trade in New York." says
the New York Times, "it is necessary t°
Ii3ten to diametric statements of whole
sale dealers. Broadway below Fourteenth
street is th* ostrich feather mart of tho #
United States. Feather manufacturers
there had spent years in building up a
big trade long before ostrich raising was
thought of in Southern California.
"These merchants, as a rule, have not
given a hospitable welcome to the Amer
ican bird. They insist that the contribu
tion of ostrich feathers from California
ranches are a mere bagatelle in the trade
and that if it were not for the duty of 13
per cent Imposed on South African feath
ers In the rough the Pacific Coast os
triches would cut no figure at all.
"On the other hand, manufacturers who
have abandoned Imported ostrich feath
ers to devote themselves entirely to the
California product and have moved near
er to the retail stores uptown, where
women may see yieir wares displayed in
big show windows, declare that the do
mestic ostrich feathers are gaining every
year on the imported article and they are
going to try to induce Congress to raise
the duty on raw feathers to 50 per cent,
the same as it is for imported dyed and
manufactured feathers.
"In retail trade the milliners treat rival
feather dealers impartially. The differ
ence between the California and South
African ostrich feathers is quite as
marked as the difference between Cali
fornia and Burgundy claret, and the dif
ference in price is in about the same ra
tio. Customers may choose for them
selves."
Muscle Control on Piano.
BT ANICE TnnHT'XE
fSonir writer, formerly director of music in the
• •ollf-pe of St. John the Baptist. New York)
In this lospon we will take up a new
exercise, quite as important in its turn
?s those already explained. Before at
tempting it. however, be certain that the
child is able to relax perfectly in the ex
erdsea he already has.
The matter of the time expended in
[emrnlas the secret of relaxation (in other
words, releasing the muscles frum arti
ficial tension) is, at the longest, only a
question of a few days, more or less_ but
1 cannot tco carefully impress upon you
the necessity of be!ng absolutely sure that
the child understands what is required of
him before we go on to the next st< j p.
Remember that he cannot fail to acquire
the idea, if you are patient with him,
and that if you hurry him too much the
whole thir.s will become a hopeless jum
ble in his mind. Mak<- him feel that you
are helping him, not pushing him.
Above all, if it doen not sivm to come
easy to him. do not let him become dis
rouraged or let him imagine that you are
fllseouraged. Children, as a rule, have a
sublime faith in th^ir flders' infallibility,
and if you assure the pupil that you
know he will* conquer in a short time
half the battle wili be won. even then.
This may sound absurd to you. but I have
arought so many little children through
'Ms phase of piano study successfully
:hat I know how much this sort of men
tal ru-lp means to them. Even the best
¦5f us like encouragement. Be sure, how
tver, that you give it in a way that is
»n incentive to the child to do better work
all the time and let him understand that
thpre is still much ahead of him.
In our first lesson I give you three ex-
mations alleged to resembel human faces.
etc., require a stretch of the imagination
to fill in the detail. Six miles cast of
Kenton, however, is a Dakota sandstone
chipped and chiseled by the elements till
its likeness Is silhouette to the head of a
woman is perfect. Every feature, chin,
mouth, nose and brow, Is cut against the
sky in clearest outline. The head rounds
gracefully to the neck, which offers a
slender support to the mass of rock above
it. The face is that of an aristocratic
colonial dame.— New York Tribune.
WITHOUT entering now upon an analysis of the vote cast for Mayor, in general terms it
may be said to mean that, after selecting their ticket by the largest vote thrown at a pri
mary by any party in years the Republicans of San. Francisco shied and flinched and con
cluded to evade undertaking the responsibility of the city's administration. This is the
fact, and we do not pretend to account for it. The Republicans of this city have done the same thing
before and will probably do it again, until some overmastering necessity jars them out of the habit.
They chose to vote for Budd against Estee, and thereby defeated ,a man whose honesty of purpose, abil
ity and service were not questioned. When the party skies were dark he upheld the banner in his equal
contest with Hon. Stephen M. White, the ablest leader and the best the Democracy ever had
in the State.
His party rewarded him with the Senatorship, and Kstee's reward, when the time came to confer
it, was defeat by his own party. No one^ran account for this occasional outbreak of fondness for the
holy rollers in politics. It is an idiosyncrasy which reflection and experience only can cure. In their
principles and theories of politics Lane and Schmitz were twins. They are the Eng and Chang of San
Francisco politics. Under such- circumstances they divided the holy roller vote of the city and offered
to united Republicanism ah opportunity which it has rejected by refusing to unite. The Republican
ticket was exceptionally worthy, and its head was a business man of the best standing, young, energetic j
and public-spirited. ,
The members of his party who have seen the banner that he carried with courage and with clean
hands go down to defeat may now have leisure to ask themselves whether in the future any man as
good will be found willing to respond to a call to leadership. An army that shoots its own generals
finally comes to a point where there are no generals, and has to use its guns on members of the staff,
and, at last, in a massacre of the privates. We take the result with philosophy. A watchful and inde
pendent press can prevent many of the abuses of adnr'nistration by their timely exposure, and in a cer
tain high sense the press holds a commission to protect the people, even against the consequences of
their own folly or indifference. In that spirit and with that purpose we shall stand sentry in the pjace
in which the people have refused to stand guard.
The San Francisco of to-day is not the work of one man, but the structure wrought upon and
formed and fashioned by many. So will be this city of the future. One administration did not make
it, nor can one unmake it. We were persuaded that an administration under Mr. Crocker would clothe
it with dignity and grandeur greater than it had known. But no one man or Mayor can divest it. No
one class of its citizens can gather to themselves a monopoly of its gifts and graces and benefits. In
different at the polls, and prone to tie upon the city's feet clogs that impair progress and slacken her
advance, the people, after all. when they find each day's march growing shorter and the advance hin
dered by their own acts, put their shoulders under the burden of their own unwisdom and lift it. If
they choose to make this work more difficult it is their choice and they pay the penalty.
Out of the confusion of sounds and signs that are now upon us one thing is clear. San Fran
cisco, in her preference in national politics, is a Republican city. Inattentive to the local spur that
might speed her progress and make easier her advance, she is unerring in her judgment in greater things
and makes no mistake in tracing her fortunes to their origin in the national policies of the party whose
right to rule in municipal affairs she disputes with success. Erratic in lesser things, she is sound in her
judgment in greater things, and next year will make good report of her purpose in national politics.
"Quartz" Billings Again.
"Quartz" Billings grew reminiscent
again while he was sitting in the Cold
Day ohophouse down on Leidesdorff street
the other night. Between gulps of coffee
he began to discuss his favorite topic—
the sublimity of Nevada justice as It was
dispensed ten years ago.
"One night." said "Quartz," "when
everything from the faro banks to the
real estate was running sorter loose In
Nevada half of Slide Mountain forsook
the rest and came tearing down into the
valley back of Washoe City. Nobody
would a-cared a bit about that, except
that it was going at seen a rate that when
it hit the valley it picked up Joe Frey's
ranch and boosted It over on top of Tule
Frank's ranch and then settled down in
the hole Joe Frey's ranch used to occupy.
"The perplexing question of law this
cussedness on the part of Slide Mountain
brought up was, "Who owned the ranch
that landed on top? Joe Frey claimed
the ranch because his was on top, and
he said every man owned his property
under the law clear up to the blue heaven.
Tule Frank said the ranch was his'n be
cause every man owned his property to
the middle of the earth. So the litigation
began.
"They got a jury together in back of
the old Dostoffice at Washoe before the
County Jedge. and some young fellers
from the States turned loose more law in
the six day.H of the trial than the Jedge's
cranium could take in in seventeen years.
"Then the jury went out to decide who
nature intended to own these ranches.
It hung out four days. But. flnaJly,
when the jury reached a jedgment we
all filed in to hear the doom of the de
feated litigunt and git drunk with the
winner. Well, that jury found that
Tiile Frank was the owner of that ranch,
but stuck In the proviso to the effeck
that before Tulc Frank could u?ie the
ranch he'd have to throw Joe Frey's
ranch ofn It."
ment to be sure everything is relaxed; then
as the circular motion ceases and the
hand stops at "playing- position," have
the punll raise the hand very slowly,
meanwhile being careful neither to raise
the wrist nor to lower it, and to keep it
perfectly free.
The fingers must not aid In the raising
or falling, but must merely obey the di
rection of the wrist mu?<?les. An easy
T'oy to convey this idea, to the child is to
have him hold out his arm and wave his
hand rapidly and vigorously' for a mo
ment, as if graving to some little friend
outside the windqw. He will at once find
that the root of the action lies directly in
his wriFt.
Kbw Id him try the exercise again,
raising: the hand backward toward the
wrist and slowly counting aloud "One,
two, three," as it rises. As he says
"three" the back of the hand must be
turned as far toward the wrist as it con
veniently can, but the finger ends must
fall loosely in toward the palm of the
hand, to prevent any tension of the fin
ger muscles. After the count "three" let
him to go on with 'four, five, six." At
"four" the hand drops instantly to play-
THE RESULT.
THE S vN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 4, 1903.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor Address All Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office <?£|j||||^> Third and Market Streets, S. F.
WEDNESDAY NOVEMBER 4, 1903
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
81903. : £?r4£
Twenty-eighth 2,973
Twenty-ninth 3,608
Thirtieth . .*. . . '. . . 3,694
Thirty-first 3,580
Thirty-second 3.459
Thirty-third 2,463
Thirty-fourth ,. 3,i39
Thirty-fifth 3,296
Thirty-sixth : I 3,553
Thirty-seventh 4,162
Thirty-eighth f ... \.' 4,051
Thirty-ninth 2,887
Fortieth .. 3,048
Forty-first 3,020
Forty-second '. 3 ,795
Forty-third . . . . : .V 3.385
Forty-fourth 3»437
Forty-fifth ......'.... 2,787"
Total ••••: ......60,357-
igoi.
District— Vote.
Twenty-eighth ..:.... : 2,001
Twenty-ninth 2,520
Thirtieth 2,446
Thirty-first 2,812
Thirty-second 2,169
Thirty-third x . . 2,960
Thirty-fourth 3,761
Thirty-fifth 2,789
Thirty-sixth 4,419
Thirty-seventh 4>32i
Thirty-eighth .'. 3.708
Thirty-ninth .... 1 3.3 6 3
Fortieth < 3,828
Forty-first 3.755
Forty-second 2,614
Forty-third 2,201
Forty-fourth 2,518
Forty-fifth 1,561
Total .......:..... % . v . ....... 53.746
PHOENIX. A. T-, Nov. 3.— Captain
Rynnlng of the Arizona Rangers wired
Governor Brodie to-day that Ranger John
j. Brook last night shot and Instantly
killed a negro at Naco on the border line.
Brook was exonerated to-day by a Cor
oner's Jury. The negro insulted a white
woman and Brook attempted to arrest
him,* when the negro fired at the officer,
xnl£slc£ hlra.
Arixona Ranger Kills a Negro.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 3.— William J.
Hassett, Democrat, was elected Mayor of
Sacramento to-night over Albert Elkus,
the Republican candidate, by a plurality
of 557 votes.
Mr. Hassett In a very popular citizen
and polled a remarkably large vote In
Sacramento when he ran on the Demo
cratic State ticket for Railroad Commis
sioner, but was defeated In the district,
which' includes many counties. He is an
old-time printer and a member of the
£xm of A. J. Johnston & Co. With a de
sire to have Chief of Police Sullivan re
tained Jn office, Mayor Clark lent the
Influence of his following to the cause
of Elkus, but it was insufficient to se
cure him the election.
The minor offices were distributed be
tween the Democrats and the Republi
cans One of the surprises was the elec
tion of Former Mayor W. D.' Comstock.
a Democrat, as City Auditor and Asses
sor over the incumbent, J. D. Young. Re
publican, by S33 majority. J. Ellas Govan,
Republican, was elected Tax Collector.
C M Prodger, fushlon candidate. City
Treasurer; S. Luke Howe. Republican.
City Attorney: Ed MiEwen. Republican:
Robert Callahan. Democrat, and James
Popert, Republican, members of the
Poard of Trustees, and Burton Hodson.
J A- Green. William Lampert, John Skel
ton Jr. and L. G. Shepherd members of
the City Board of Education.
'Democrats Win the Mayoralty and
Other Places Are Distributed.
SACRAMENTO ELECTS HASSETT.
ASTORIA. Or., Nov. 3.— The , storm
which has prevailed in this vicinity for
several days past subsided somewhat to
day and five of the weather-bound deep
water vessels put to sea.
Storm Abates.
NEWPORT. R. I., Nov. 3.— Lieutenant
Albert Bcrher of Fort Dodge, Kans.,
ordnance officer of the battleship Maine,
fell from the forward turret to the hand
ling room, a distance of forty feet, to-day
and died an hour later.
Fatal Accident on Battleship Maine.
CHICAGO, Nov. 3— Miss Bessie An
thony, Western golf champion, was mar
ried to-night at Evanston to Bernard
Sheaborne of Pittsburg. The ceremony
was attended by more than 1000 Invited
guests.
Golf Champion. Marries In Chicago.
Barcelona Police Arrest Anarchist.
fpARCELONA. Nov. 3.— Jean Casedo
mont, an anarchist, who was expelled
from the Argentine republic ami was on
his" way to Saragossa, was anested on
board a steamer to-day.
CONCORD, Nov. 3— At a mass meeting
of the citizens of Concord last evening \t
was unanimously decided to take imme
diate steps toward Incorporating the
town. A committea consisting of P. M.
Soto. J. J. January, H. H. Elworthy. M.
E. Lyon and Judge Burke was appointed
to prepare the necessary petition.
Concord Plans to Incorporate.
REDDING. Nov. 4.— At 1 o'clock this
morning a severe storm was raging at
Ashland and throughout Southern Oregon.
The storm began about an hour earlier
and quickly spread until at 2 o'clock It
had made itself known as far south as
RCddlng. It is predicted that it may
reach San Francisco late to-day cr to-
Jiight.
Rain Falls Upon Territory From
Ashland, Or., South to
Bedding.
STORM BREAKS OVER
NORTHERN CALIFORNIA
NEW YORK, Nov. 4.— Fully $2,000,000
changed ownership to-day as a result of
the election, counting all the little wag
ers made by the averago citizen, as well
as the big wagers made in Wall street,
in the Hoamin House, the R.ossmore Ho
tel and other betting centers. Supporters
of McClellan won all down the line.
Though for several days past the odds
favored McClellan, there was more money
put up by the Low men than by the Mc-
Clellan men, as the former ruled favorite
for a longer period than his adversary,
though McClellan was oftener favorite in
the rapidly shifting odds.
The campaign started In with McClel
lan favorite, but in a few days the odd3
6hlfted to Low, and he remained favorite
until five days ago, when McClellan
again ruled first choice.
The heaviest individual winner by the
election of McClellan is Charles F. Mur
phy, the leader of Tammany HalL
Through John Considlne, in uptown re
sorts at night, and through a Wall street
broker, said to be F. H. Brooks. Murphy
bet in all $40,000. This money was placed
with a large number of different betters
on the Low eide and in various ways,
odds being given on some of the wagers
and odds being taken on others. The to
tal was practically placed at even money.
Enormous Sum Changes Hands on
the Greater New York
Election.
McCXEIXAU'S BACKEBS WIN
TWO 'MILI.ION DOLLARS
Frank P. Sargent, Commissioner Gen
eral of Immigration, has recently made
a report to Secretary Cortelyou of the
Department of Commerce and Labor, ad
vocating the erection of an Immigrant de
tention building, where Chinese and other
aliens may be confined pending examina
tion as to their right to be landed. While
on a visit to this port recently h» was
favorably impressed with -Angel Island,
or that part of it adjacent to th© quar
antine grounds, as a site for an immi
grant station. In his letter to Secretary
Ccrtelyou Commissioner Sargent says:
"At the port of San Francisco a build
ing should be erected for the accommoda
tion of aliens pending a decision as to
their right to enter the United States.
Such a structure is of special importance,
as San Francisco is the chief port of en
try for Chinese and because, moreover,
though it enter chefly Oriental peoples
who are the principal mediums for the
introduction of dangerous communicable
diseases. I recommend accordingly an
appropriation of S200.0CO for the erection
at said port, preferably on Government
land in the harbor separate from tha
mainland, of buildings for the accommo
dation of aliens for their safe detention
until shown to be entitled to land and to
prevent communication with them by per
sons who find their interest In landing
aliens unlawfully.
Sargent Recommends
Erection of Deten- *
tion Building.'
ALBANY, N. Y., Nov. 3.— Fire which
started to-night on the Citizens' steam
boat pier at Troy raged for two hours
before It was under control and destroyed
several large buildings on Rove street,
between Broadway and Second street,
including the beautiful Altura Hall, which
which alone entails a loss exceeding $300,
000. The elx buildings burned included the
"Western Union office, Reynolds furniture
store and the old Cluett building.
The Troy Record, a morning newspaper,
Sras driven from its office by flre and wa
ter and took refuge In the offices of the
Troy Budget. All telegraph communica
tion throughout Troy was crippled for an
hour. The loss will exceed $1,000,000. No
loss of lifo or Injuries to persons are re
ported.
Several Large Buildings "Are De
strojed and Newspaper Is Driven
From Its Office.
FIBE IN" TROY CAUSES
MILLION DOLLAHS LOSS
Both candidates made nightly speeches.
Low's particular supporting orator was
District Attorney Jerome, who had bltter
lj' opposed the Mayor's renomlnatlon en
the ground that he was unpopular, but
who after the ncrnlnatlon made frequent
speeches fcr the fusion ticket.
For McClellan, Bourke Cockran re
turned to political activity and made sev
eral speeches.
Scarcely second in Interest to the defeat
cf Low is th« eSect cf the result of the
vote en the fortur.es cf the octogenarian,
Hugh McLaughlin. who fcr more than
a Quarter cf a cer.rsry has been the un
disputed leader of the Kings County
Democracy, and who now finds that his
former lieutenant, McCarren. was able to
to manage McClellan's candidacy that a
Democratic plurality resulted In eplte of
McLaughlln's spirited exposition. The
result cf the situation there cannot now
be foretold.
Of the five borough Presidents voted
fcr the Democratic candidates were suc
cessful In the Bronx, wnere Haffen was
re-elected; In Manhattan, where Ahern
had a ilg plurality, and in Queens, where
Cas^idy won fcr the second time. In
I'.rooklyn J. E. Swanstrcn. fusion, has
defeated Martin 'W. Littleton, a Demo
crat who belted the Tammany ticket. In
Rlchrncnd fStaten Island) Cromwell, fu
eicn, was elected.
Returns from th9 State Indicate the
cf Republican Mayors In Elrnlra,
Rochester, Albany. Blnghamton, "Wafer
town and Oneida.
In Osweff3, Utica, Schenectady, Troy
and Amsterdam Democratic Mayors were
elected.
Returns Yresi ell Assembly districts cf
the State give the Republicans a net gain
of seven in the Assembly. The Fenate
holds over and Is etrcngly Republican.
Harvey Watterson, son of Henry "VTat
terFon cf Louisville, was defeated by. a
very close vote In a strongly Republican
district In Manhattan.
N"ETT YORK. Nov. 4.— McClellan's pln-
partisan claims marked an attempt to se
cure ccntrol cf the city In the interest of
Governor Oiell; that all the credit for
the good business administration under
I^ovr b«2onffed ro Grout, who was on the
Democratic ticket, and that. every Demo
crat ehcuM cast his ballet for McCIellan,
In view cf the Important bearing this
city's vote would have on the Presidential
election next year.
Continued Frcsi Page 7, Column 7.
The reception was held In the parlors
of the church, which were adorned with
choicest flowers and festooned in green.
A myriad of lights produced a brilliant
effect and broueht into prominence the
pretty costumes of the young ladies and
the' sparkling jewels of those who were
more maturft. Many of tne old parish
loners of the church were present and
seemed, to enjoy renewing past associa
tions and pleasant memories.
Mr. Gee Is not as high church as the
late rector, though high enough. It is said.
There will be no incense hereafter and
much of the extreme ceremonial intro
duced by Father Ray will be allowed to
lapse. Under these conditions some of
the seceders, who long to return to St.
John's, will come back and they will be
welcomed, Mr. Gee declares. Among those
In attendance w«e:
Mr. and Mrs. Mason, Mr. and Mrs. King,
Mrs. and illss N. Arnold, Mrs. Barry. Missm
Barry Miss* .Mason Hisses Robinson, Miss
Sherman Miss Chanjberlain. Misa Bogin.
Father and Mrs. RatclilTe. Miss Hare. Miss
Robertson, Mrs. £tott,« Miss Stott. Mrs. Dr.
Ferd Mr Monges. Mrs. Cattell. Mr. and Mrs.
Gonzales Mrs. Eagehorn and niece, Mr. and
Mrs Hyde. Mr. and Mrs. Bridgeman, Mrs.
Irwln Mrs. Bray. Miss Jackson. Miss Coun
tryman Mrs Jeffery. Mr. and Mrs. ; Lisrh
man Mrs Kane Mrs. Chamberlain, Mrs,
Breck Mrk Air. Chamberlain. Misses Mouritx.
Miss Houston Miss King. Miss Ratcliffe. Miss
Ella Sterritt,' Mr. and Mrs. Cook. Mrs. Wtl
lard Mrs Conllnir, Ml«s Coaling. Mr. and Mrs.
Bannon Miss 'Wheaton. Mrs. Miles lira. Tree,
Mrs. Buchanan Rev^_ Edgar, F. Gee, F. E.
Mason C. K. Kin*. N. H. ' Barry. Rev. M.
Ratcliffe C. J. Robinson. George E. Arrow
smith William Bannon. E. Arnold, Rev. H.
B Mongett Clifton Kroll. E. D. Irishman.
Clarence Oliver Edward Smith. E. C. Bridge
man Lawrence Hyde. G. E. Jackson. Ed
<=mlth H H. Hassard. H. E. Smith. F. F.
Jackson. Edward White. J. Reed and C. E.
Cooic.
The reception tendered the new rector
of old St. John's Church, Oakland, last
evening: was In every way a brilliant af
fair. The impression made by Rev. Mr.
Gee on Sunday was so favorable as to in
crease the desire of all the members of
the church to meet him in a less Informal
manner than was practicable on the first
day of his ministrations.
Chairman Dick also received a cable
gram practically Identical in nature with
thote received by the Delegate. Kalan
ianaole says he replied by cable to each
one he received and notified his native
friends that he regarded the affair solely
as political trickery. He knew his friends
would not question hls^loyalty to the Re
publican party.
He detailed, the situation In Hawaii.
Tuesday will see the first election in the
islands under the present policy. The
election Is by county districts. There are
three- political parties there, namely. Re-
rality In the city of New York Is 61,414.
The vote of Brooklyn for Mayor with
four districts missins gives McClellan
101.433. Low S3.723.
COLX'MBUS, Ohio, Nov. 3.— J. K. Ka
lanianaole of Honolulu, the Republican
Delegate representing the Hawaiian
Islands in the United States Congress, to
day characterized as a political trick the
etory 6et forth by the Home Rule party
cf his country to the effect that he was
throwing his Influence to the support of
the Horn© Rule candidates on the eve of
election. He asserted he received three
cablegrams Sunday night in the care,-of
Chairman Dick from Hawaiian leaders of
the Republican party, representing to him
the trickery resorted to by th© Home Rule
element.
Delegate Kalanianaole Accuses Home
Rule Party of Trickery.
ELECTION III HAWAII.
Brilliant Reception at
Which Society
Assists.
feated Tom L. Johnson for Governor by
a majority of about 100,(MO. The result
Insures the continuance of Senator Han
na's Influence in national party affairs.
While the returns from Maryland are
very meager, the indications are that
the State has been carried by the Dem
ocrats. The contest in that State has had
national significance In several ways. In
the first place, Senator Arthur P. Gor
man, who is the Democratic leader in
Congress, led the fight for the Democrats.
His candidacy for the Democratic nomi
nation for President next year was at
stake. President Roosevelt took great
interest in the fight and was denounced
by Senator German from the stump for
Federal interference. The color question
was introduced into the fight. The re
election of Senator McComas is at stake,
as his term is about to expire and he
will have to appeal for re-election to the
Legislature chosen yesterday.
Massachusetts has re-elected Bates Gov
ernor over Gaston, Democrat, by a good
majority.
Rhode Island has probably gone Dem
ocratic. It has been swinging steadily
toward the Democracy for several years.
The Republicans have elected the Leg
islature of New Jersey by a safe work-
Ing majority In both houses.
Kentucky is Democratic and Iowa Re
publican by_ a large majority.
LYNCHERS TAKE
NEGRO FROM JAIL
Hurry Him to Center of
the Town and There
Hang Him.
BRISTOL. Tenn., Nov. *.— A fatal elec
tion row occurred in a polling place at
Fairvlew. in Scott County. Virginia, to
day. Two men were killed and two oth
ers wounded, one fatally.
The dead:
JOHN OSBORNE.
EZEKIEL NICKELS.
The wounded: J. H. Catron. shot
through the neck: will die. Alexander
Krish, shot in right hip.
The trouble arose over objections be
ing made to C. P. Roller ' serving as a
Republican judge. Roller, It Is claimed,
had been selected by the Democratic
election commissioners for service. Os
bome and Nickels, the men killed, were
Democratic judges and were brought Into
tee quarrel on account of their official
connection with the election. It la be
lieved that Catron fired the shots that
killed Osborne and Nickels. Tna two
men killed shot Catron and Krish.
• —
SHERIFF TJSES HIS PISTOL.
Louisville Officer Fatally Wounds
Democratic Judge of Elections.
LOUISVILLE. Ky.. Nov. 3.— In a pistol
duel this afternoon in a voting place at
Thirteenth and Green streets Tom Kiley.
the Democratic Judge, was shot through
the head and probably fatally wounded
by Jacob Krelger. the Republican Sheriff.
William Stevens, the Republican Judge,
was crossing- the street to enter the polls,
when Kiley opened fire on h!m. Kreiser
says he believed that Stever.s' life wa.*
about to be taken anJ he opened Cre on
Kiley. Kreljer was subsequently released
on J5C0 tail.
Blow From. Gun May Cause Death.
DANVILLE, Ky.. Nov. 3.— During ad
election discussion to-day William Mid
dleton. aged 23. struck . Fountain Hasty
with a gun. crushing his .Hasty
WIESBADEN. Prussia. Nov. 3. — Emperor
"William arrived hers to-day preparatory to
zr.eetlns the Czar io-incrrow.
It U said that the engagement had
lasted two years and wa3 formally an
nounced last spring.
NEW YORK. Not. Z.— James Ben AH
Haggin, a grandson of James B. Haggln,
the horseman and railroad owner, waa
married to Margaret Faith Robinson,
daughter of Mr. and Mra. Jeremiah P.
Robinson, on Monday. The ceremony was
performed by the Rev. Dr. Houghton in
the "Little Church Arour.d the Corner."
Haggin is 21 years old and his wife a
year younger. The marriage was very
quietly celebrated, but relatives 1 of both
parties deny that there was any'atterapt
at secrecy.
Weds Miss Margaret Faith Robinson
in "the Idttle Church Around
the Corner."
GRANDSO3T OF J. B. HAGGHT
IS MARRIED m NEW YORK
LAKEVILLAGE. Ark.. Nov. 3— Two
men' are dead and three wounded as the
result of trouble between whites and
blacks here to-day which was not settled
until a lynching had quieted the excited
people. The dead:
Frank Anderson, white, Lakeviilage,
killed In a fight.
Henry Johnson, a negro, lynched.
Wounded: B. Vinson. vrhlte, a lawyer
of Little Rock; Joseph Frame, white, of
Lakeviilage; Ella McDowell, colored.
A riot occurred between some negroes
and whites early to-day. It is alleged that
during the altercation Ed Coleman,
colored, drew a pistol and began shootln?.
A fusillade followed and when it ceased
It was found that Frank Anderson, one cf
those in the crowd, was dead; Vinson
was shot in two places, Joseph Frame
wounded in the foot and El'.a McDowell,
colored, shot in the back.
Coleman fled and a posse at once started
in pursuit. Johnson, one of the negroes.
wa.>r arrested. At neon the mob gathered
at the Courthouse. Sledge hammers and
railroad iron3 were quickly found and in
thirty minutes four doors at the Jail had*
been broken down. The mob quickly se
cured the negro, took him to the center
of the town and hanged him at noon.
DOWIE FOLLOWERS
RETURN TO ZION CITY
Declare That Their Recent Crusade
to New York City Was Most
Successful.
CHICAGO. Nov. 3.— Weary and travel
stained John Alexander Dowie's "restora
tion host" to-day returned to Zion City
from New York. It was near raldnlsht
before the Ia3t of the eight special trains
bearing the returning followers of Dowle
reached home. The return of the host
was made the occasion of a holiday in
Zion City and as each train reached Its
destination the travelers were given a
rousing- welcome by the members of the
colony who had remained at home.
The New York crusade, according to
those who made the trip, w'as "wonder
fully successful." Not«a word of discon
tent was heard from any ir>ne. all having
nothing but words of praise for Dcwie and
the course he had pursued while in New
York.
MRS. ELIZA C. HENDBICKS
PASSES AWAY AT HER HOME
Widow of Former Vice President Suc
cumbs to an Attack of
Paralysis.
INDIANAPOLIS, Nov. 3.— Mrs. Eliza
C. Hendricks, the widow of Vice Presi
dent Thomas A. Hendrlck3. died at her
home in this city early to-day. She was
stricken with paralysis three weeks ago
and death had been expected several
days.
Mrs. Hendricka was born in North
Bend. Ohio, in 1?23 and was the grand
daughter of Dr. Stephen Wood, one of the
earlier settlers of Ohio. She was married
to Thqmas A. Hendricks In 1S13 and hid
made her home in Indianapoli3 since 1550.
She was a woman of great learning and
always took a great interest in the poli
tics cf the. State, and country.
AMERICAN . SEAMEN^ FALL
* ZNTO HA2TDS OF SAVAGES
Castaways From the Snip Benjamin
Sewell Meet a Terrible
Fate.
VICTORIA, B. C, Oct. 3.— The steamer
Kaga Mafu, which arrived this afternoon
from tr* Orient, brought advices that the
castaways from "the American ship Ben
jamin Sewell,- which was^ abandoned off
Formosa, are believed to have been killed
by savages of Botel Topasro Island.
Those missing are Nat Morris, Mate3
Henry Adams and Peter Johnson and
Thomas Hickle, third mate, ail Americans.
A dispatch received at Yokohama on Oc
tober IS said the United States ship Wil
mington and two Japanese vessels are
now searching the Island.
Mail advices from Japan report that the
Nippon Yusen Kaisha line is completing
a new 7300-ton mail steamer to be called
the Tanyo Maru for addition to the Amer
ican line.
Porte Keplies to the Powers.
CONSTANTINOPLE. Nov. 3.— TEe
Turkish Government's reply to the Aus
tro-Russian reform statement was com
municated to the Embessadors of the two
powers th!3 evening. In brief the. Ports
received unfavorably some, of the points
in the project and reiterates the sincerity
of the Government's ; application of the
termer measures of reform and the suc
cess of 1U efforts In applying them.
Continued From Page 1, Column 7.
McCLELLAH'S PLURALITY.
r.val a tig crowd assembled to greet him.
The President remained In the White
'-'£££« only a short time and then he
SaiktZ over to the executive o2ees and
received the election returns in the Cabinet
room. He was Joined by Mre. Roosevelt
er.d Miss Alice, Secretary Cortelyou and
Civil Service Ccmsiissicncrs Cooley and
Proctor. Through special arrar.gem.ents
made with tbs tf-legrraph companies and
the Associated Press, which had direct
¦wires to the ofices, he was kept constant-
Jy informed of the latest election news.
• The only expression President Rocsevelt
would make regarding the result of the
.election was that he was very much grat
ified with the result in Ohio.
OYSTEB BAT, I* L, Nor. 8.— President
Hccsevclt cast his vote at Oyster Bay at
*55 o'clock this ncrr.'.r.g. After that, ac
<?«=pai:i»4 by Secretary Loet> and eoine
rriends. he took a drive to Sagamore H11L
Th« President'* trip from "Washington to
Or«ter Bay was made Trtthout special ln
cliert. He left Long Island City at 8:30
o'clock in a special train for Oyster Bay.
At Long- Island City he was Joined by
»ar.k D. Travers. an old? friend from
Oyster Eay, and by his friend Jacob Rlis,
who occ'jp:ed the special car with him on
the Journey to Oyster Bay.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 8. — President
Roosevelt arrived in Washington at 8:15
« clock to-night frora Oyster Bay. Before
s-artlr.g for the White House the Presl
o^nt was handed the latest dispatches on
the elections and stepped under the elec
•ric light in the railroad etatlcn to read
rhem- He made no comment. Owing to
•the Immense crowd 'which had gathered
t a Pennsylvania avenue to read the elec
tion bulletins it was necessary for the
7 resident's carriage to take hini through
i ick (streets. In anticipation of his ar-
EFFECT OF OFF-YEAR VICTORIES
PROVIDENCE. R. L. Nov. S.-At
midnight the returns Indicate the
re-election of Governor: Garvin
(D.) by a greatly reduced plural
ity. The vote is very close, how
ever, anil the result probably -will be in
doubt until the last district is heard from.
The Republican State committee claimed
that later returns would overcome Gar
vin's lead at midnight over Colt (R.).
In Providence Mayor Miller (D.) was re
elected, j j
Owing to the Isolated situation o/many
towns and the fact that the' polls did not
close until 7 p. m. complete returns will
not bo received before to-morrow.
Returns to Washington and
There Receives Election
Returns.
Objection Raised to One of
the Election Officers
Starts Fight.
FAVORS A SITE
ON ANGEL ISLAND
The Eleventh District, composed of re
mote mountain counties, last year gave
19.000 Republican majority and probably
will duplicate It this year. Returns from
that district will not be complete before
Thursday night. Beckham's majority out
side the Eleventh District is estimated at
85,000. None of the counties in the dis
trict has been heard from.
The day In Louisville was an exciting
one and the election was bitterly fought.
The Republican managers claim they
have proof that in thirty-two precincts
in this city the polling places In Repub
lican precincts were either kept closed
all or part of the time or removed to ob
scure places. They also charge ballot
box stuffing, the forcible ejection of Re
publican officers and the intimidation of
negro voters by the policemen and fire
men of the present Democratic city ad
ministration. These conditions led to
many fights.
Of the 119 counties in the State returns
have been received from thirty-eight.
These give Beckham 54,054 and Belknap
56,770. More than forty of the remain
ing counties are remote,^ some of them
being nearly two days' Journey from tel
ephone or telegraph wires.
Louisville and Jefferson County gave
Beckham B200 majority over Belknap, in
round numbers. Terkes (Rep.) carried
Louisville and Jefferson County in the
last gubernatorial election by 51D0. This
gain of 10,000 votes, added to Beckham's
majority of 3500 at the last election, in
sures him a majority of 13,500, if ail the
ether counties in the State duplicate their
vote at the last gubernatorial election.
Beckham, however, has made a total gain
of nearly 2000 in his total from the twen
ty-odd counties heard from.
LOUISVILLE, Ky. f Nov. 8.— With the
close of an election characterized by an
unusually heavy vote, numerous disorders
and evidences of many gross irregulari
ties, the re-election of Governor Beckham
(Dem.) over Colonel Morris B. Belknap
(Rep.) by a majority of fully 15,000 seems
assured. The Republicans concede the
election of Governor Beckham.
DEMOCRATIC VICTORY
IN TrRTJTUCKV HARKED
BY ELECTION FRAUDS
The Legislature remains practically un
changed, so far as the Democrats and
Republicans are concerned, but the So
cialistic party, which had three members
last year, will be represented by only one,
a member from Brockton. The Social
istic vote fell off considerably from last
year and the failure to re-elect Repre
sentative Carey of Haverhill, one of the
party leaders and a member of the lower
branch of the Legislature for five years,
¦was one of the features of the election.
With returns complete from every town
and city In the Stata the total vote for
Governor was: Bates (R.) 193,393, Gaston
CD.) 1C3.544.
The weather was fine and the vote re
markably large for an off year. The
early returns ehowed that Governor
Bates had made slight gains in the Email
towns and cities, but this was overcome
by the Democrats, who polled a big vote
In Boston for Gaston. The hard work of
the party managers in this city esulted
in increasing Gaston's plurality of 13,000
last year to nearly 20,000 this year.
In addition to electing their State ticket
and holding 1 the Legislature, the Repub
licans also were successful in retaining
control of the Governor's council, which
will be composed of five Republicans and
one Democrat-
cratic candidate. "With a dozen
cities inA towns to hear from Bates had
a lead of 32,325. but as the missing towns
are all etrongly Republican there was
every Indication at a late hour to-night
that the plurality of th» Republican can
didate would be practically the -same e»
that cf last year, although the total vote
may run higher.
BOSTON, Nov. 8.— John L. Bates
•was re-elected Governor to-day
by a plurality cf about 37,000 over
William A. Gastcn, the Demo-
publican. Democratic and Home Rule.
The Home Rule party was successful In
electing the first Governor. Kalanian
aole's predecessor was a Home Rule
Delegate.
WARM WELCOME
TO NEW RECTOR
LINCOLN, Nebr., Nov. 3.— Based on re
turns from 115 voting precincts out3ide
of Lancaster County (Lincoln) and Doug
lass Ccunty (Omaha), the Republican
State Central Committee at midnight
made the claim of the election of the
FTJSIONISTS IN BBYAN'S
STATE ARE DEFEATED
BY GOOD MARGIN
These, if the ratio in the Demo
cratic gain Is maintained, indicate that
Edwin Warfleld (D.), for. Governor, has
carried the city by 7000 or 8000 plurality.
The returns from the counties are meager,
but it 13 not believed that the Republican
vote In the State tan overcome the Demo
cratic plurality in the city.
As far as known here at this hour the
election passed off peaceably throughout
the State, except in one instance. In
Hurlock, Dorchester County, there Is said
to have been a dispute between whites
and blacks, Jn which, it Is rumored,
twelve men were. wounded.
BALTIMORE. Nov. 4.— At 2:30
o'clock thi3 morning only 85 of
the 308 voting precincts of Balti
more city had been reported.
Two Democratic Judges
Killed During Row
in Virginia.
First reports were all favorable to the
fuslonists, but the later returns have al
most wiped out the early gains. Lan
caster County will give Barnes 20CO plu
rality, and this is expected to offset Sulli
van's expected plurality in Oouglass. Re
turns from ISO precincts, including part
of Lancaster County,, give Barnes- 14,513,
Sullivan 10,784, a net* Republican loss of
142, or less than one to a precinct.
OMAHA, Neb., Nov. 4.— At 2 o'clock
this mornlng~the defeat of J. J. Sullivan
(D.) for the Supremo bench by John
Barnes (R.) ts conceded. The majority
will be between 450) and 5000. Sullivan
carried this city by 1200. but this major
ity was wiped out in the State.
The entire State ticket is elected by ma
jorities ranging from 5000 to ©00 in favor
of the Republican candidates. In this,
Douglas, county the indications are that
the Republican county ticket has beea
elected by majorities from 3000 to 5*300.
entire Republican State ticket by not less
than 10,030 plurality. This claim Is con
sidered conservative and newspaper re
turns tend to confirm It. The vote for
the 115 precincts gave Barnes (R.) 5HH2,
Sullivan (fusion) S192. The same precinct3
two years ago gave the Republican can
didate 902* and the fusion SS16.
Journeys Long Distance
to Do His Duty as a
Citizen.
Big Decrease in
Plurality for
Garvin.
PRESIDENT VOTES
AT OYSTER BRY
FATAL SHOOTING
IN VOTING PLACE
John L. Bates Is Re-elected
Governor of the Old
Bay State.
Warfield's Plurality in Baltimore
Probably Means His
Election.
"Little Rhody" Is
in Democratic
Column.
MASSACHUSETTS GIVES REPUBLICAN PLURALITY OF NEARLY FORTY THOUSAND;
DEMOCRATIC STATE TICKETS ELECTED IN RHODE ISLAND AND MARYLAND
THE SAN FRAK CISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 4, 1903.
NZAEIiY seven thousand more votes were cast at the election yesterday than were polled in the mu
nicipal contest of 1901. The figures were received with some surprise wben officially announced last
night by Kegistrar Walsh, as the reports during the day were that the vote was a light one and
would not exceed the total of two years ago.
A heavy vote was cast, however, during the last two hours that the polls were open. The total
Vote by districts in the present election and in the one of 1901 are as follows*
VOTE CAST YESTERDAY REACHES 60,537
AS AGAINST 53,746 IN ELECTION OF 1901
9
POSTUM CEREAL.
HlIKEeThIS' "NIP"
K"ct a Whisky but a Coffee) Toper.
Give coffee a chanc* and with some
people It Bets Its grip hard and fast. "Up
to a couple cf years ago." cays a business
man cf Brooklyn, N. T.. "I was as con-
stant a coffee drinker as It was possible
to be; lueec-a, my craving for coffee was
•rqual to that of a drunkard for hla reg-
.ular *n!p,' and the effect of the coffee
drug upon my eystem was Indeed deplor-
able.
"My skin lackrd Its natural color, my
features were pinched and ray nerves
were shattered to such an extent as to
render me very irritable. I also suffered
from palpitation of the heart.
"It ni while In this condition I read
an article about Postum Food Coffee and
concluded to try it. It was not long be-
fore Pcsturn hid entirely destroyed ray
raglr.g parsion for coffee and in a short
time I had entirely given up coffee for
delicious Postum.
"The charge that followed waa so ex-
traordinary I am unable to describe it.
Suffice to eay, however, that all my
troubles have disappeared. I am my orig-
inal happy self again and, on the whole,
the soothing ar.4 pleasant effects pro-
duced by my cup of Postum make me
feel as though I have been 'landed at an-
ether station.*
"Not Ifing ago I converted one of my
friends to Postum, and he is now as loud
In its praise as I am." Name furnished
by Postum Co.. Battle Creek. "Mich.
Look in each package for a copy of the
famous little book, "The Road to "Well-
vUle."
ADVERTISEME^rrS.
if '' * «'"--'"*¦ 1W -l^H I1.'ML>" ¦¦•¦¦¦ t IITBJ*)
I An Old Magazine
I A New Management
Sec the ,
K November j
r OVERLAMD
t MONTHLY
L A |
N UNIONIZED
1 CITV
S — — j
___ Every man, woman
and child in the United
States should read this
Ial llt-ic- ¦ m
SENSATIONAL
NOW OUT
SOKMlitt
"King of on Bottled Beers."*; 1
Browed from Bohetxstaxi Kopfc I
SOLO gYE2V WHERE- |
IIULBERT UERCA.VTILB CO.. f
Pacific Coast A;»=ts. C
EVERXSLAiEMEBAIflE)Nearly a score of competitors took part
in the Election Day handicap yesterday
over eighteen holes on the course of the
San Francisco Golf Club at the Presidio.
Balfour D. Adamson, playing from
scratch, won the prize for the best gross
score with 84. R. J. Woods and J. S.
Severance tied for the two handicap
prizes with net scores of 82. The full de
tails are shown In the table:
1 I r
COMPETITORS. ; g :
* ? *
R. J. Woods 93 16 82
J. S Severance.: 8S 16 82
Captain J S. Oyster 87 4 S3
L. B. Kdwards 95 12 S3
Rolla V. Watt 05 12 83
EX Bee 100 18 84
A. S. Lllley 0'J 8 84
Albert Todd 9« 12 84
B. D. Adamson 84 0 84
Dr. J R. Clark 8* 3 85
W. J. Dutton 99 14 85
H M. Hoyt SO 3 86
'R G. Hanford 05 8 87
J W Byrne 89 2 87
R. I. Bentley 90 8 83
Dr. F. W. Clampett 105 16 89
Perry Eyre 103 12 91
A B Watson ICO 8 92
Admiral TTllley 105 12 93.
R. J. Woods and J. S. Sever
ance Tie for Handicap
Trophies.
B. D. Adamson Captures
Prize for the Lowest
Gross Score.
HANDICAP GOLF
AT THE PRESIDIO
SE\TTLE. Nov. 3. — The new steamship
Oregon arrived in port at 11:30 o'clock this
morning with the news that the disabled
freighter Meteor had been towed into Dutch
Harbor by the Eureka on October 2«, sixteen
days after she had been picked up with her
rudder and «crew gone.
About six years ago Roadwarmer was
a very conspicuous and popular horse
here. He was In the stable of William
Short and raced for a long time at the
old Bay District and the Ingleside tracks.
"Will Compile Greyhound Studbook.
A meeting of the American Coursing
Board was held yesterday at Oklahoma
City. Okla.. and Peer Tiffany, secretary
of the California Coursing Committee,
was elected keeper of the American Grey
hound studbook. He will compile this
year's volume, as well as the one for next
year.
EUREKA, Nov. 8.— Four lads, the
youngest 17 years old, stole from her
moorings in this port last night the tug
Peerless and put to sea. "When the loss
was discovered this morning by the
Barker McLean Launch Company, the
tug Ranger was sent In pursuit, the latter
vessel sighting the missing craft to the
northward of Eureka.
Before the Ranger cjuld get to the
Peerless the latter was on flre. but her
engines were still going ahead. The
Ranger ran alongside the Peerless and
took off tho four boys. They are Owen
Sawyer, aged 20, of Kaisas City; R.
LaJine, aged 18; Herman Briggs, 17, and
William Reap, 17. The l'.st three claim
Ukiah as their home.
The vessel was taken in j tow and
brought inside the bar, burning fiercely,
and wa3 beached at the life saving sta
tion, where the flames were extinguished,
leaving only her hull.
The boys claim that they took the ves
sel at 11:30 o'clock last night and were
bound to Crescent City. Not understand
ing the manipulation of the boiler, they
fired up so heavily that the water was
used up in the boiler, the heat setting
flre to the vessel.
The Peerless was valued at $4000 and
was insured for $1000. Three of the lads
who ran away with her were in jail yes
terday morning charged with vagrancy
and were released on a promise to leave
town. The four are now in the county
Jail, charged with grand larceny.
Vernon was riding: Roadwarmer and
when they were about half way up the
SanHedrln, near the twin bridges, a
young black bear was espied near the
road. Vernon, who had a small caliber
pistol, took a shot at the animal. The
bullet, of course, only wounded bruin and
he charged his assailants.
Vernon was depending on the speed of
tho racer for safety, but for the first time
Roadwarmer refused to start. The bear
kept coming- and Vernon thought his time
had come and was about to make his
escape on foot, the other horses having
stampeded.
When the bear was in reach the horse
squared around and a battle royal com
menced, the horse using his hoofs to good
advantage. When Vernon managed to get
the horse away the bear was lying in an
unrecognizable mass and the horse was
uninjured. The bear weighed 125 pounds.
UKIAH, Nov. 3.— Roadwarmer, a well
known race horse in this section, killed
a bear on the Sanhedrin a few days ago.
Road-warmer was one of a string of racers
that RalBh Vernon was taking to Covelo
for the winter.
Roadwarmer, Old Rac
ing Favorite, Makes
New Record.
Daring Crime Commit
ted by Youngsters
at Eureka.
HORSE FIGHTS
AND KILLS BRUIN
BOYS RUN OFF
WITH BAY TUG
PEKING. Nov. 3. — The Chinese Government
has Informed ¦ United- States- Minister Conger
substantially that It will permit the water
buffaloes already bought to be exported but
that hope la expressed that the Philippine Gov
ernment will not purchase any more of the
buffaloes.
WASHINGTON Nov 3. — Demurrers ' to the
Indictment3 of George E. Lorenz and his wife,
Martha Lorenz. for alleged complicity In the
postal frauds, . were filed In the District Court
to-day.: They allege the Indictments are bad
in substance and omit certain necessary speci
fications.
The birthday of the Emperor >of -Japan- was
celebrated yesterday on board the liner Amer
ica Maru. The 'steamship' was decorated with
bunting and a holiday banquet was. served to
all hands. In dressing the ship an enthusiastic
Japanese hoisted tha flag of his- country above
the stars and stripes. There was a roar from
every stevedore at work on the Mall dock and
Old Glory took the head of the mast in about
five minutes. 'aSBHSSEifliSSIRi'HS!
Celebrate Emperor's Birthday.
A man who gave his name as T: H. Gill and
said he was a fugitive from Justice from Ari
zona, where he had killed his father* and
mother, tried to adjust the tangle in which he
found his affairs by Jumping Into the bay at 2
o'clock yesterday morning • from ¦ the- end of
Powell-street wharf. Boatmen Robert Farrelly
and William Shanks rescued ! him and he was
later dried out at the Harbor Hospital.
Tries to Drown Himself.
Tlie Oceanic Steamship Company's liner Ala
meda, which arrived yesterday from Honolulu,
met the Sierra and Siberia on October 23, and
November '1 exchanged signals with tho Coptic
Her passengers Included the following named:
A Brown. J. A. Black, Mrs. J. F. de Bolt,
A. M. Davis. J. Darcy, Mrs. M. M. Estee, C.
Grange wife and Miss Sweet, E. Gildermeister,
A. C. Gehr. W. E. Kerr. Miss E. Marshall. II.
H. McCllntoch and wife. A. E. Moftat, Mrsj
Captain Olsson and child. E. E. Paxton, G. (J.
Ruffner and wife. J.' L. Swank.' Miss A. Whit
ney Mrs. Woodward jind .Mrs. It.. W.arne.. . . .
Alameda Arrives.
Rubber Ankles was sent East in charge
of James Sweeney, who is , considered the
best handler of greyhounds in the coun J
try.
Rubber Ankles was the sensation of the
San Francisco • Kennel Club show last
year. She was declared the best gTey
hound in the show, which, attracted a
world's record entry of 114 in this class.
Sl]e' Is fawn in color and Is built on dainty
and beautiful lines, having a most aris
tocratic, appearance. ,
Mr. Rosseter, • who nominated Rubber
Ankles, haa been for many years the
most representative coursing man in all
America, Since the Waterloo was Insti
tuted ia 1895 he. has invariably been rep
resented by one or more entries. He won
the stake last year with Roman Ath
lete, aison of Emln.Pasha; The' latter
was . his representative in- the first cup
meeting and divided the stake with May
Queen in 1900. In coursing, when a stake
Is divided it is recorded as a victory for
each of the two dogs reaching, the decid
ing course. In 1901 at St. Louis, Mr. Ros
seter was second with Rocker. A valu
able cup is offered this year for the first
time.
Rubber Ankles was bred by J. H. Ros
seter vt this city. She is by the great
English greyhound Fortuna Favente imp.
and is out of Brilliantine. pronounced
the most beautiful greyhound of her
time in . California. In this: litter were
Renegade Apache, Runaway Actress and
Ready Address. They are- three years
old. During the past year they have
won eleven stakes and have finished sec
and ten times. Rubber Ankles won an
open stake of fifty-two entries on April
26, a forty-eight-dog open stake on May
10 and a sixty-four-dog open stake on
August 9. In the latter- she beat Rector
in the deciding course and Lord Brazen
in the scmi-final.{ Both of these were In
the Waterloo. ¦ ' ."; -
Proves a Success in the Field and on
the Bench. . ¦
WINNER IS CALIFORNIA BRED.
Will Leave King's Daughters' Home.
OAKLAND, Nov. 3.— Miss M. A. Jones,
who has been matron of the King's
Daughters' Home almost since its open
ing, has sent her resignation to the board
of directors and it will be acted upon by
the hoard at its next meeting, on Novem
ber .13. No reason is given by Miss Jones
for her sudden action, except a desire for
rest and a wish to visit Eastern rela
tives.
PLAINFIELD. N. J., Nov. n.— Benjamin A
liegeman Er. If <Jea<l. aeed *3. He was gen
?ral freight acer.t and traffic manager of the
Le.ckawar.na Kai'.road for twenty-nine years.
Pettis Held for Burglary.
OAKLAND, Nov. 3.— W. E. Pettis, ar
restod here yesterday on a telephonic
communication from Sheriff Nesblt of
Monterey County, was taken to Salinas
this evening. It is stated that he is
wanted there for complicity in the nu
merous thefts committed there some
months ago when the Southern Pacific
frpight sheds and cars were entered and
large quantities of goods in transit taken.
The whaling ste-amer Belvedere arrived yes
terday, twenty-two days from Port Clarence.
Her success as a blubber hunter wai modest.
She brought down J07 barrels of oil, 105 tox
skins and 4 bsar skins. The Helvedere left
here under command of Captain Devoll, who
on April 1.1 died at sea from heart disease.
The body was taken ashore at Port Clarence
and there buried. Krom September 27 to Oc
tober O heavy northeasterly rales were en
countered and the iiclve'dere had almost ex
hausted her supply of fuel when thl3 port waa
reached. The officers of the Belvedere add
another chapter to the story of the sorrows of
the schooner Bonanza. Kach arriving whaler
tells something new of the trouble the whaling
schooner has been having with her ciew. Ac
cordine to the Helvedere chapter while the
Bonanza was lying aloncslde the ice near
Sledge Island three men deserted. Under the
impression that the ice was attached to the
mainland the men started away from the
whaler and were out of sight when the Bonanza
sailed. It transpired, however, that the Ice
was In reality an island on which, according
to the Indians, the three deserters were later
carried to a lonely, death.
Belvedere Has Small Catch.
Frees Woman Charged With Theft.
OAKLAND, Nov. 3.— Mrs. Mary Brock
ind Mrs. Mary O'Donnell, the latter re
siding at 1222 Cypress street, were for
merly friends, but to-day were ranged
against each other in the Police Court
before Justice George Samuels. Mrs.
Brock faced a charge of grand larceny
made by Mrs. O'Donnell, who claimed
Mrs. Brock had stolen $75 from under a
pillow, where it had been hidden by the
accusing woman. Judge Samuels heard
trstimony for a couple of hours and dis
charged Mrs. Brock.
OAKLAND, Nov. 3.— C. C. Hamilton,
agent for the State Board of Dental Ex
aminers, appeared to day in the Police
Court, where he made a general and
specific apology for swearing to a num
ber of complaints against dentists of this
city, whom he charged with practicing
without a license. Hamilton said he had
acted under the belief that his position
was correct, but had since ascertained
that he was in error. The case of Dr. C.
M. Lindsey, among the last on the Police
Court calendar not disposed of, was dis
missed to-day.
APOLOGIZES FOR ARREST
OF OAKLAND DENTISTS
OAKLAND. Nov. 3.— Orestes Pierce,
formerly one of the owners of the Contra
Costa Water Company, who has been
critically ill for a number of months with
a complication of stomach and kidney
trouble, is now slowly Improving.
He is under the care of Dr. F. L. Adams
of Oakland and Dr. De Vecchi of San
Francisco at his home, 103 Vernon 3treet.
Danger.
Improvement in Condition of Orestes
Pierce, Whose Life Was in
RECOVERING FROM
SEVERE ILLNESS
The thi2ves entered the house by means
of a side window, which was found open.
They were satisfied with the loot they
secured in the first room that was entered
and took no chances of spreading a gen
eral alarm by proceeding to others.
The Police Department was at once no
tified and detectives were put on the case.
The sleuths are of the opinion that the
men who did the work are the same who
have been operating for several . days.
They have also received some information
to the effect that the work is being done
by clever crooks from' the East, who are
keeping their identity a secret.
The mysterious porch climbers, who
have been operating with so much suc
cess in the fashionable portion of the
city during the last few days, made an
other haul last night when they entered
the home of Attorney Jesse Lilienthal,
1S01 Gough street, and succeeded in get
ting away with $7S in cash and $100 worth
of jewelry. As usual, the shrewd crooks
left no clew by which the detectives
might trail them.
The Lilienthal family was at dinner
when the men did their work and the
loss was not discovered until a member
of the family went upstairs shortly after
7 o'clock. The room entered was in a
state of confusion and things • were
thrown ail over' the floor, drawers were
taken out and their contents scattered
about. From indications the thieves did
their work in a hurry.
The Waterloo plate was won by Celtic,
owned by J. Charlton & Sons of Minne
apolis. The runher-up was Consort, nom
inated by J. H. Roeseter of San Fran
cisco. The winner in this received >$A
and the second got $40. The score was
12 to 5;' time. 1:11. The next event will
be the Waterloo Derby, which will be run
to-morrow. ' / . , _ .
American Waterloo cup to-day.
Yours Truly,, owned by Wilson & Allen
of Victor. Iowa, being the runner-up. The
stake was worth $600 to the winner in ad
dition to the cup, while $300 went to the
runner-up. Rubber Ankles scored a-de
cisive victory, running up a total of
points to her opponent's 8. The trial last
ed one minute and sixteen seconds, suf
ficient time in which -to try the speed and
the gameness of any greyhound.
What would otherwise have been the
must successful day of the Waterloo
meeting had a pathetic ending In the
death on the field of Countess Eve, owned
by D. K. Carter of Cottonwood Falls,
Kans. She was valued at $500. The day s
events began with the third round of the
Waterloo purse, the winner of which re
ceived $200 and the runner-up $100. There
were sixteen entries originally In this
event, which had been run down to the
deciding course. The 'contest was then
between Countess Eve and Northern Ex
press, the latter owned by Blake, ft^mlth
of Butte, Mont. This came as the last
course of the day, the other events hav
ing been completed.
The last race of her life was the fourth
one Countess Eve ran during the after
noon, all of them being for the full limit
of time. In the last, however, she show
ed remarkable endurance and not until
she had brought victory to her owner did
she fall. She had run herself to death.
The full time elapsed before the relief
dog was liberated and that animal had
just overtaken the main contestants and
almost simultaneously all three dogs
caught the hare.' Countess Eve was seen
> to make one frantic effort and fall to the
ground. The trainers were the first to
t reach Countess Eve, but it was too late
to give any assistance. She probably
died the minute she struck the ground,
but she had won the purse. Northern
Express received second money.
OKLAHOMA CITY, O. T., Nov. 3.-
Rubber Ankles, nominated by J.
H. Rosseter of San Francisco,
won the ninth renewal of the
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALIFORNIA GREYHOUND
WHICH WON THE RICH
AMERICAN WATERLOO CUP.
Plunder Lilienthal Resi
dence While Family
Dines.
BURGLARS LOOT
HOME OF LAWYER
Defeats Stamping Ground and Lux
C?.sta in the Mile and a
Furlong Race.
NEW YORK, Nov. 3.— Aqueduct summary:
First race, handicap, six furlongs — Merry
England won. Buttons second. Gay Boy third.
Time, 1:12 4-5.
Second race. Felling:, one mile — AkaJa won.
Gravina second. Pay Me third. Time. 1 :4S 3-5.
Third race, handicap, six and a half furlongs
—¦Wizard won. Dolly Syanker second. Monet
third. Time, 1:53 1-5.
Fourth race. Election Day handicap, one and
an eighth miles — Carbuncle won. Stamping
Ground second. Lux Casta third. Time,
1 *5** 3-0
Fifth race, seven furlongs — Garnish won,
Dutiful second. Prince Salm Salm third. Time,
1:2* 1-5.
Sixth race, selling, one mile — E".la Snyder
won. The Guardsman sacond, McWilliams
third. Time. 1:40 1-5.
CINCINNATI. O., Nov. 3. — Latonia sum
mary :
First race, seven furlongs — John Coulter
won. Olonetz second, Barkelmore third. Time,
I:o0^
£«-cor.d race, one mile — Kilmorie won. Sister
Lillian second. Lady Matchless third. Time,
1 :?.">.
Third race, six furlongs — Bardolph won. Tarn
O'Hhanter second Tom McCarthy third. Time.
1:15.
Fourth race six furlongs, the Covington
Autumn stakes, value to winner. $1840— De
termination won. Ralnland second. Armorer
third. Time. 1:15%.
Fifth race, mile and seventy yards — Reser
vation won. Haviland second, Fonsoluca third.
Time l:46H.
Sixth . race, seven f urlonps — Dave Somers
won Miss Golightly second. Bud Embry third.
Time. 1:0014.
ELECTION DAY HANDICAP
IS "WON BY CARBUNCLE
George L'Abbe. a Seattle gambler, will
book here this winter. Hughey Jones.
it is understood, will handle the chalk
and chamois.
From all accounts Grorge Rose Is not
tpending a prosperous season on the New
York tracks. Bookmaker Jim Davis, who
is back from the Eastern country with
quite a bundle cf the noiseless money in
circulation there, says George was cred
ited with being $100,000 behind the game.
Rose Fignln^d his intention of staying
¦with the music, however, and may re
duce the shortage before the water pipes
begin freezing up.
Charley Quinn. who. when he departed
for the East last spring, took with him a
charming California heiress for a bride,
is back again. Mr. and Mrs. Quinn are
registered at one of the fashionable hos
ieries on. Sutter street.
Cash Sloan, one of the old guard, is
here, and will be seen in the saddle at
Oakland. Cash is a clever rider and a
long way from being a "has been" yet.
Jake Beckley. the ball player, says
John Ryan, the get-rich-quick man, de
nied to him having bet a dollar on The
Fiddler. Ryan admitted he would have
liked to have been "next," but knew
nothing about the horse.
George Odom will be out this way about
Christmas time and will accept some
mounts.
Daisy Green. *>»'¦! Ormonde,
Futurita. Albula,
Fauleacbriiipe. Orsina,
.lark Demnnd. Bill Mass's,
Martla licraiiu*.
Horton Prir.r-e?? TUania,
Huntressa. Orar.d Sachem.
Alfredo. Colonel Un,
Ccrrlian. RoyaJ Rogue.
' Evea G ' Ru«h of Gold.
Bragg. ' Th» Frmer.
Colonel Rcosevrft. Dotterel.
Claude, rot-sll.
Meehanus. Major Tenr.y
Pivlr.a, Bea MacDhui.
Jockey Club, I Olympian.
G^rpalette. "Schualbe
Happrdon, ,Ij»cy Cra^rfcra.
¦y, !;.,wta!l ! Mansard.
Pirateer. ' iKitty Kelly.
Martir.Tr:as. Kentlworth.
Uieten Apj-leby. Carson Beauty.
Arcade. Incubator,
Arabo. Solon.
painty. Varte M?nt.
Niprette. Byrcn liose,
Ishtar. Boole.
f'nnrtenatcr, iWaurcure.
f.truda, Grail.
Weights will be announced en Moniar. the
9th last.
There are more than 630 horses quar
"tercd on Oakland track and In stables
adjacent to the course, with many pre
cincts still to be heard from.
The stables of Billy Cahill. owner of
H<-rrnencia amon? others, and that of
Johnny Schorr are due to arrive at Oak
land to-day.
M. J. Daly's strirp grot in yesterday at
Oakland. CJaude. of course, is th? star
of the stable. Mike will have the services
in the saddle as usuaJ of his clever son
Johnny, one of the top-notchers of the
lightweight division.
At last accounts the Ascot Park people
in Los Angeles had not secured a presid
ing judge. Captain Rees dtclined the
honor and position was then offered
to J. F. Morse, who presides at Washing
ton Park. Chicago. That official's terms
were rather hiph ;ind then again he is said
to hiivo stipulated ' that he would act in
r.o capacity on a track where hurdle or
steeplechase horses received any consid
< ration from the pros-rammer. The in
habitants of the southern metropolis will
find this jumping horse serm a more seri
ous evil to combat than the tuberculosis
bacilli, and Judge Mcrse is to be congrat
ulated on his stand.
The syndicators at Los Angeles spent
n profitable nineteen days' sspell of rac
ing. Neither the choke, strangle nor
half-NeJson holds were barred. Forty
thousand dollars represented the clean
up. The biggest portion of this was
squeezed out of bettors through the field
book process, v.-hich'poes lo show the
came down *outh is still in its infancy, or
e!?e the former swell speculators have
El! crossed the great divide.
The stables of Joe Yaeger. the sensa
tion il Western plunger, and Frank Lau
terman. nn almost equally weil known
big bettor and layer, leave Chicago for
California on ;he l r 'th inst.
Announcer Bob McGibben. who reduced
his avoirdupois just twenty pounds while
figuring out winners en the New York
tracks, reports his voice stronger and
sweeter than ever. Bob is going on a
Ehooting trip for a few days, but will be
ready for business the llrst day at Oak
• land.
At the annual meeting of the Metro
politan Turf Association George Wheelock
was elected president and Orlando Jones
treasurer. Five memberships were re
ported sold at $40,500 each. The associa
tion is composed of leading bookmakers
of the country.
Vosburgh has been official handicapper
for the beard of control of the Jockey
Club during the last fourteen years. The
outcome of the dispute is awaited with
considerable interest by horsemen.
Bell, who formerly owned the speedy
Hermis. which he sold to E. R. Thomas
for $60,000. caused considerable excitement
about the clubhouse by h'.s verbal attack
on Vosburgn. He declares that he has
ample grounds for complaint and points
to cases where his horses have been, he
says, weighted out of any chance to win.
He maintains that so important an ad
junct to racing shou-ld be in the hands
of a board, as in England, and not of one
man.
NEW YORK. Nov. 3.— As the result of
a charge made by Louis V. Bell, a well
known turf man, that his horses had been
unfairly handicapped for a lone period,
for which he could obtain no redress,
Walter S. Vosburgh, official handicapper
for the Jockey Club, who is also a stew
ard at the Aqueduct meetins now being
held, declares he will lay the subject be
fore the Jockey Club.
Fifty-eight nominations for the Opening
fcaii<JlcaD ct a mile, the feature event at
Oakland on Saturday, the l«h inst., when
the winter raclns season will *>« inaugu
rated, should Insure a splendid contest.
• Of course Horton. the Bums handicap
Winner. Evea G. Haferdon. Keau Or
moBfle, Claude (the four-time Derby win
ner) Hcratlus. Kenilworth and Yellow
tall 'have b*en seen on the local tracks
before, but Fuiurita, Faulconbrldge.
Huntressa, Martinmas. Major Tenny,
Olympian and Mansard are among the
rewcoir.erF entered. The complete list
cf. entries follows:
italls Command a Premium
at the Track Over the
Bay— Turf Items.
Noted Jockey Club Official
Will Himself Demand an
Investigation.
Big List of Entries for
Opening Handicap
at Oakland.
Millionaire L. V. Bell
Accuses Vosburgh of
Unfairness.
CRACK HORSES
HILL BE READY
OWNER ASSAILS
A HANDICAPPER
AMERICAN WATERLOO IS WON BY RUBBER ANKLES, A CALIFORNIA HOUND
Beautiful Daughter of Fortuna Favente-Bril
liantine Beats Yours Truly.
SPORTING DOES
START TRAINING
Prominent Kennels Off
for Field Trial
Grounds.
Lucas, Coutts and Others
Prepare for Work on
the Upland.
The preparatory work for tha meeting
of the Pacific Coast Field Trials Club at
Bakersfleld next January has commenced
in earn€St. The trainers, with their
strings of valuable pointers and setters,
are commencing to move on the exten
sive Kern County preserve of Messrs.
Haggln and Tevia. over which the trials
will be held. The dogs have already un
dergone their preliminary training.
John A. Lucas, one of the best known
of the handlers, will leave for the south
to-day. W. B. Coutts has already sent
his string overland by wagon and will fol
low shortly.
Secretary Betz expects a record-break
ing entry. First payments were made on
fifty-three dogs for the Derby. Efforts
are being made to secure some noted
Eastern judge of field dogs to officiate at
the forthcoming meeting.
In the string which Mr. Lucas will take
south for the -Derby are the following
pointers: C. E.^Vorden's Sandalwood. Dr.
A. T. Leonard's Wallace Bruce and John
M. Schumacher's Frank M. The setters
include J. W. Considlne's Sporting
Duchess and Tony's Tony; C. "W. Cog
gins' Miss Nelson and Sharon Boy and
possibly two others. In the all-age divi
sion he will have C. E. Worden's Pearl's
Jingle and Jay ii. F. W. Wamsley's Ore
gon Jessie and J. "SV. Considine's Count's
Peg and Policy Girl.
FLAMES SWEEP
NORTHERN TOWN
Disastrous Blaze May
Destroy All of
Enumclaw.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, Wash., Nov. 3.— A large part
of the town of Enumclaw has been de
stroyed by flre, which started this after
noon In Ashland's printing office In the
rear of the Enumclaw Hotel. The hotel,
several sawmills, one saloon and a num
ber of other buildings had been burned
when last reports were received by tele
phone late this evening.
The wind Is blowing In the direction of
the residence portion and it is feared the
largest part of the town will be wiped
out. Enumclaw has a volunteer flre de
partment, which is proving wholly In ade
quate to cope with the conflagration.
Help from. Buckley and "Wilkeson was
wired for and both towns are sending ap
paratus.
Enumclaw contains SOO people. It la sit
uated on the Northern Pacific, forty miles
east of Tacoma.
Searches Grave for Son.
OAKLAND, Nov. 3.— Mrs. Katherine
Albach was committed to the insane asy
lum at Stockton this morning. Her hus
band and children testified to the vagaries
of their mother. It was stated that once
she jumped Into an open grave In an en
deavor to find a son that had died some
years previously.
Fletter Now Competent.
OAKLAND, Nov. 3.— Charles Fletter of
Alameda was restored to competency by
Judge Hall to-day. On petition of his
wife some months ago he was declared
Incompetent on account of excessive In
dulgence In liquor and she was appointed
his guardian. On her petition to-day fie
was restored to capacity.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CAIili,- WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 4, 1903.
10
ADVERTISEMENTS.
All Records Surpassed!
W 83,790,300 Bottles
r^J^S^i <Kins of Bottied Beers "
SOXvL XIX JL^\J£f
This proves the world-wide popu-
larity of this famous brew.
The product of
Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n
Orders promptly filled by
TUZJ/LAUH & BENDEL, Pacific Slope Distributers. ¦
ADVERTISEMENTS.
nlnj i j I
11 is in the army for good. ||J
I When you want a good smoke get a 1
rSI * , ri , m y ITB M I i
H ' Sai/e the BanusBEANS — Bayos. $2 15*32 40; Pea. $325-
Butters, $3 25: small White, $2 9O«3 20; large
White. $2 20@2 60; Pink, $2 15©2 40; Red.
$2 9O.§3; Lima. $2 75®2 00; Red Kidneys, $4;
Blackeye,. $2 10®2 25 per ctl; Horse Beans.
$1 GOT.!.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, $3; Yellow Mus-
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid.Ask. [ Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup...llf> — 4s qr new... 1344135
4s qr reg...lll$ill2fc!3s qr coup.. 1CS& 100 Vi
TUESDAY, Nov. 3 — 2 p. m.
Stock and Bond Exchange.
Hides t Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Hops are quoted In good request, with grow
ers holding off again and not especially anxious
to meet buyers. The is steady, and
tho big clean-up at Ukiah last Saturday. In
which that whole section was practically
cleaned up at 194©2 f >C has rather enhanced
the firm feeling. . .'¦':' --;^
Wool is reported very dull, with only one
buyer in the market, the storehouses generally
full and stocks accumulating. Prices show no
change, though the tendency Is downward.
Hides are quiet and weak, but no lower.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about 14c under, quotations. Heavy salted
Steers Oc: medium. Sc: light. 74c; Cow Hide*,
*i for heavy and 74c for light; Stags. 54c;
Salted Kip. 0c: Salted Veal. 04c: Salted Calf.
10U.c: dry Hides. 15c: dry Kip. 13c; dry Calf.
l*c : Sheepskins, shearlings. 2..@30c each;«hort
Wool 40<S60c each: medium. 70®D0c; long
Woo! $1S1 W each: Horse Hides, salt. $2 75
for large and $262 50 for medium, SI 25®1 75
for small and 00c for Colts; Horse Hides. -dry.
$1 75 for large and $1 50 for medium. $101 25
for small and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins — Dry
Mexican. 32c; dry salted Mexican, 25c; dry
Central American. 32c. Goat Skins— Prime An-
77a V and Feedstuffs.
Previous prices rule for everything under
this beau. The high prices for Hay do not
seem to check the dejnand. and the market
rule-s very steady. All Feedstuffs, too, . are
quoted steady, with moderate offerings. -
BRAN— $20 50©22 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— *25 60©23 -per ton.
SHORTS— $20 60#22 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $24@25 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26^20 60; Job
bing. $27Q27 50; Cocoanut Cake, $21Q-22; Corn
Meal. $30@31: Cracked Corn. $30 50@31 50:
Mixed Feed, $22 5O&23 60; Horse Beans, $30@
40 per ton.
HAY— Wheat. $14fll6 50; Wheat and Oat.
$13 50@16 60; Oat. $12 50€?14 60; Wild Oat.
$11 5CK313 50: Barley. $11@13; Stock, $10-Sll;
AlfaWa. $10312 50 per ton. •
STRAW — 40S65C per bale.
Alaska Packers' declined sharply yesterday,
selling down to *149 on the morning w««'cn
and at 5149 25® 149 50 in the afternoon. Other
wise there were no fluctuations worthy of not*.
The oil stocks were dull and featur»less.
Ex-coupon yesterday: Edison Light and
Power Company 6s. 1921, regular iiemi-annual.
amountlnz to $18,690.
Recent oil dividends are: Peerless, regular
monthly, 14e per share, amounting 10 $14,000.
November 1; Union Oil. on October 13. 70>: per
share, amounting. to $70,000; United Petroleum,
on October 15, $1 15 per share, amounting to
The "report of Peerles* Oil Company for the
fiscal year ended September 30 shows total
receipts for the year. Including a balance of
J5656 on hand at the beginning of the year,
amounting to $420,049 21. Disoursementa
amounted to $415,000 46, of which *137,000 was
for dividend*, leaving a balance of $409S 75.
The production for the year was 1.221.142 bar
rels, of which 40.000 were used in operating,
gross price on the remainder being $231,762.
The Potosi Mining Company has levied an as
sessment of 10 cents per share, delinquent De
cember 8.
Ankles. Open. High. Low. Close
Wheat. No. 2 — !
Decembtr *0*i 801,5 70»; 79*: I
May 734 794 78<h, 78»*
Corn. No. 2 —
December 44'i 444 43*; 434
May 4.1 1,4 «3\4 *2\ 43
Oats. No. 2 —
December 35'i 35«i 34T» So
May -38% 36'., 35 T» 33
Mess i»ork. per bbl —
January 12 20 12 40 12 274 12 30
May 12 40 12 474 12 35 12 25
Lard, per 100 Ibs^ —
December 6 75
January 6 S74 6 024 <> S24 6 S74
May.." 6 »5 6 ffi 6 £5 6 874
Short ribs, per 100 lbs —
January 6 40 6 45 6 374 6 374
May 6 50 6 55 6 474 6 474
0 Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady: No. 2 spring wheat, 82c; No. 3. 7S@
Sic; No. 2 red. SHntf«24c: No. 2 corn. 44c;
No. 2 yellow. 444@44Sic; No. 2 oats. 43c; No.
3. 34i;©374c; jc o . 2 rye. 554656c; good feed
ing barley. 3S#41c: fair to choice malting, 45©
57c; No. 1 flaxseed, 91®92c; No. 1 Northwest
ern, JK*c; prime timothy seed. $2 75; mess pork,
per bbl. $11 50<211 «24; lard, per 100 lbs.
$6 70fc« 75; short ribs sides Ooose), $7 259
7 75; short clear sides (boxed). $7 25©7 60;
whisky, basis of high wines, $1 25; clover,
•contract grade. 810 40310 60.
Articles — RecelDts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls 24.200 24,800
WhcaL bu 103.900 59,200
Corn, bu B1S.900 134.500
Oats, bu 377,000 183,100
Rye. bu a.gOO 1.800
Barley, bu 112.SO0 26.600
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was easier, creameries. 154iff21»4c;
Provisions.
Chicago was duil, but firm. This market
continued unchanged, with a moderate local
trade and a fair deman.l for barreled goods for
6 CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12c per lb for
heavy 124c for light medium, 144c for light.
15c for extra light. ISc for sugar-cured and
10c for extra sugar-cured; Eastern sugar-cured
Hams 15'4c; California Hams, 14^c; Mess
Beef $11 50 per bbl: extra Mess. |12#12 50;
Family. *13<313 50: prime Mess Pork, f 13; extra
clear $25- Mess, $20: Dry Salted Pork, 124c;
Plff Pork. $2S; Pigs' Feet, $5 25; Smoked Beef.
LARD-^Tierces quoted at 7Uc per lb for
compound and »ff°V;c for^re: half barrels,
pure 04c; 10-lb tins. f»*4«10c; 5-lb tins-, 1049
lOVic: 3-lb tins. lOU'iJIOfic.-
COTTOLENE— One half barrel, fl»4c; three
half barrels. OVic; one tierce, 9&c; two tierces.
9c; five tierces, STJc per lb.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO. Nov. 3.— There was plenty of
•ab>at for *ale to-day, but very little demand.
s.rA a* a result prices rulrd weak the entire
aay. The opening was weak, due to the poor
sho-tvir.* r.f cables, large receipts in the North
west ard Southwest and favorable weather.
Decerobt-r being off 49 'ic to *,c at SOVi®
SOIfcc to 604c Outside market* were all
lower, with renewed selling by Armour.
Thf- December option was especially weak and
h^d a declining tendency from the start. The
jersirter.t selling hy the bis operator caused
rr.any recent buyers to turn tellers and this
fa*-t aided in- th» down turn. December de
clined to 79\c anJ closed tt 79%<Sf7&" s c. a
loss of *<^c
Corn ruled weak. Cut largely to lower ca
f.fs ar.d the bearish w^kly Government re
port. December closed Vi^Sc lower at 43T«c.
I^rr.Rs were inclined to liquidate in oats.
December closed **c lower at 35c.
rrovifiong held steadier in the face of a
better market for hogs than was expected and
a In prices at the yards. January
I-ork and lard each closed a shade lower,
while ribs were 5c lower.
The leading lutures ranced as follows:
EASTERN MARKETS.
Taade in Fruits was steady during the early
mornlr.g hour*, but a holiday feeling prevailed
during the greater part of the day, owing to
the municipal election, and several houses were
closed a few hours in advance of the regular
tirr.e. Receipts of most descriptions were more
than sufficient for requirements and as usual
there waf quite a surplus of tree Fruits on
hand at the close. Figs were the firmest de
scription and as receipts were light prices
ranged higher. Table Grapes In crates were
easier, owing to the lack of demand for ship
ping. Small boxes were in light receipt and
steady. Receipts of large boxes were rather
light and cleaned up readily, with fancy Muscat
only bringing tho top quotation. Receipts of
Strawberries and Raspberries were more lib
eral than on the preceding day and prices
ranged lower. The demand, however, was fair
at the revised quotations and the market
cleaned uj> well.
Despite the cool, cloudy weather there was a
better demand for Valencia Oranges for local use
and there v.-as some inquiry for shipment to
nearby points. Prices of fancy Etock were
firmer and sales of repacked were reported at
$4 per box. The other Citrus Fruits were quiet
and featureless. Bananas and Pineapples were
unchanged. The Honolulu steamer arrived with
4340 bunches Bananas and 34 crates Pine
apples.
STRAWBERRIES — Longworths, jr.giO per
chest; large Berries. $2'g3 for Malindas and
5-ifto for the other varieties.
RASPBERRIKS— $» 5Og0 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— SQOc per Ib.
CRANBERRIES — Capa Cod. to arrive,
$11 25: Jersey?, spot. $10 75 per bbl; Coos
Bay. $2 5C.§3 per box. -
APPLES — 9VcJ?$l 25 per box for fancy. 60S
S5c for good to choice and 25'B-lOc for common.
PEARS — $1<§1 50 per box for fancy Winter
Ne'.iis and ;XV375c for other varieties.
QUINCES — JO^eOc Der box.
FIGS— Wc@$l 25 per box.
POMEGRANATES: — 75fiS5c for small boxes
and $1 7^32 50 for larze.
PERSIMMONS — 75c©Sl per box.
PLUMS — Coe's late red, 5(vg65c per box.
GRAPES — 3CS5CC for small boxes. 5<VS63c
for crates and 75cg$l 50 fcr large open boxes.
NUTMEG MELONS— 50{j75c per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Valencia Oranges, $1 50®
3 50 per box: Lemons. Sl(g2 50 per box; Grape
Fruit. $1 5CK52 50; Mexican Limes, f4®4 50;
Bar^rtas, $1 5OQ2 per bunch fcr Hawaiian and
$2 :X<JJ3 for Central American; Pineapples, *2Q>
'1 50 v?r dozen.
Dried Fntits,Nuts, Raisins, Honey
The local trade quote a good, steady demand
for Fruits, Nuts and Raisins, though the feel
ing is easy. There is a very heavy demand
for Figs in New York, as will be seen in the
first column.
FRUIT — Apricots, 73S4C for Royals and 9@
10c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, 4@54<?;
sun-dried. 34£4c; Peaches. 44Qt»4c; Pears,
tiSlOc; Nectarines. 4 / g54c: Figs, white. 4@4 ! ?4c
in boxes; black, 4>»c; Plums, pitted, ti@8c per
pound.
PRUNES— 190o crop. 24«33c for the four
sizes.
RAISINS— F. o. b. prices. Fresno, for 1003
croj): 50-lb boxes — Loose Muscatel. 2-crown,
ni^c per lb: 3-crov.n, 5%c: 4-crown, 64c; Seed
less Musiatels. 4>-4c; do floated. 44c; un
bleached Sultanas. 4 4c; Thompson's Seedless.
T>y-t. London Layers — 2-crown. $1 25; 3-crown,
?l"35; 4-crown clusters. $2; 6-crown Dehesas.
$2 ."0; C-crown Imperials. $J; Malaga Loose. 2
crown, !>c per lb: do 3-crown. S^c: Valencia
Cured. 4Uc; Pacific do, 3%c; Oriental do. 2«{c.
Seeded Raisins — l«-oz. packages, fancy. Sc per
Ib: choice, 7"4c; 12-oz. packages, fancy, 6%c;
choice, fj^ic: in bulk, fancy. 7}ic: choice, 7'Hc.
NUTS— Walnut*. No. 1 Eoftshell, 134c; No.
2 114c: No. 1 hardshell. 13c; No. 2, lie: Al
monds, lie for Nonpareils. 104c for I X L,
lOVic for Ne Plus Ultras and 8%c for I^angue
doc; Peanuts, 6<S7c for Eastern; Pecans, 11@
13c; Cocoanuts, SI 50®5; California Chestnuts,
1C51"C per lb. ,
HONEY — Comb, new, 12<314c for white ami
'.tg-llc for amber; new water white extracted.
54^ICc; light amber extracted, 44®54c; dark.
4©4 J He.
BEESWAX— 27g23c.
EEEF — Prime Roast. 15SlSc: rorterhouae
" FteaJt. 1S622 1 —?: Tenderloin Steak. 1531»c:
• tirioin Steak. *124S15c; Top Round Steak.
124c; Beef Stew. 10c; Corned Beef. SglOc;
Eocp Bone«, 4c; Srup Meat. 5glC»c.
VEAL— Lo'.n Rcait. 15€20c: Shoulder Rcast,
124S15c; Chops ar.d Cutlets, 15S2Oc; Stew,
l^«^15c
MITTOK-Iyc. 12' : S15c; For-quarter, S3 |
l ( <r; S5j'*c: Prirr.e Chops. 124@a8c.
LAMB — Leg. 2>jc; Forequarter, 12S,Sl^c:
, Hindquarter, IS&2-.*:; Shoulder Roast, lOJf
124c: Chop*. 15glSc.
PORK— Rear.. 12431^: Chop*. 15SI8c.
These prices do not cover the cheaper grades.
a* it is irr.rossitie to quote regular prices on
r"
Stocks of Grain.
Henry C Bur.ker. chief grain :r.*Dector oi
tto Merchants' Ex-hang». reports stock* of
train in regular warthou*« anj c-n wharf
Npvesiber 1 as follows, in ten*:
Wheat. Barley.
Port Ccsta, October 1 IUSM 51.9"
Port. Costa. Ncvember 1 I2.S54 44.525
Stockton. October 1 , 37.0OS 16.537
Stockton, November 1 33.<XJi 17.153
t^sn Fmr.cisco. October l...>. 2.964 2.9Z3
tan Francisco, November 1 -- IM*> 2,«^7
Oats. Com. lir»n
<"^r-tober 1 ft«6» 474 4S5
• November 1 'J.3S2 2i>4 678
TTi* receirts in October «er» 12.^vJ t jns
w. h»at; 47,S*>5 tons bar'.ey. 6.1»>2 tons oars,
tens ccrn and 1743 tons bran.
Dried Fruits in New York.
M«ll •dvie« from New York *ay: -Bu»ine»« !
In driea fruits, generally sr«?akir.s. shows ni
\»ry perceptible tiKT.s <>' irnvrovement, and j
the bocm to lorx expected ha* vet to come. ;
Not to say that there is nr> activity— for in- •
•¦tanre. there it plenty of business oa raisins, j
there being quite an inquiry for ! v<se owing j
le the li«bi stock on hand. All the cars corn. i
-in« in are quickly sold and as quickly re- j
Jobbed. There is but little jobbing demand |
ic-r seeded. For prunes theiv :s very little
*pot demand, though there has beer, and still
if a big export business. Currants continue in
good demand. Stocks ox steamer Tenedos. due |
r.eit week, are- offerir.g at the same price* j
a* now prevail. The aj>rieot market is very |
firm owing to ti".e lifht sl>"t supplies ar.d the ,
improvement of demand. Peaches are in good |
reyuest. The ?>jt stocks are light ani the j
. stocks en the coest are now practically ail out I
r ' the growers' hand* arv.l are held by the
W: ackers. The consus'.r>tion of fics Ss verj- I
beavjr. as heavy, so the trade acstrts almost j
with unanimity, as ever known at this season. I
- «'ab;e« from i-oint of rrcKJuctlon indicate that I
cu^plles of high grade are scarce. The SmyrTia
market ht£ advanced during th» j*st wetk.
Prioes are f.rm!y held here under the largely
t increased demand. Dates are mectlrc a very
tr'.sk demand."
The Weather and Crops.
Tlie weekly report cf A. G. McAdie. section j
i-.rector of the climate ar. 3 cr?p service of the I
"Wcaiher Bureau. Is as follows:
Generally c\e*r weather prevailed throughout
the State during the week, w:th nearly normal
t»mr*Tature ami fots In the coast districts.
• "onditiar.f were favorable £cr ripening late
Irults and raisin makinK except aJcng the
-<"oest. where curir.t: was retariel by moisture.
The second crop o! raisins in the Joaquin
Valley is cunr-g rapidly ar.d going tf> packing
houses; a srr.all third crop is on th» traye in
rome vineyard*. Heavy shipments of raisins
*nd table rra-r-e*. cor;ticue and the wineries
are In active operation. Prunes are dried
and un«ier cover; the yie'.d it considerably
t>elcw average. Apple picking and shipping are
in procres*. Nearly all deciduous fruits a_id
crapes fcave yielded excellent crops in most
tectlcns. Oranges are ripening rapidly and
1 ickins will become £«*i>*rs4 in the Oroviile anj
Port^rville <!!rtrict« during the present week:
the first carload was shipped fruai P^rtervilie
"October 29. Southern California orar.ee* are
teported in excellent condition, with indications
V.f an ITU-T— T*T heavy crop. Olives :n the San
Joaauln Valley «r«. doing we!! ar..1 give prcm
iFe of a fair yield. Walnut pickii.g :e neariy
contrlet^d. ,
Grain, hay, hop#. beans and sassw beets are
l-ractlca-tly aH harvested and sheltered; th*>
rrrpe on the *ho> have he*-n very yztis-factcry- j
n»n-ptian com harvest and pota'o dispins ztp ]
rrf*res6'.r.jr. A few farmer* a~ plowing ar.-l i
feeding, but the work will not t«> i-trii-ral until j
rain ta» fallen.
tjir-rarnento \ alley- — Tne weatru-r continued;
ar.d clear most of the wpaJc, with r>~- !
fegs in some y-ctionF. Heavy jrrare
fire beira made from Safra.mer.to \
i nd other i>oints. Raisin (irj'ins if= progrc«*
<rc rapidly. All other deciduous fruits exesm
BMtea are harvested and <l:5^osed -.f. Nearly
rll fruits have yielif-1 excellent crops. Oranges
Bt» rip-ning rapidly, and Bhipmente from the
' Tortile district will rxgin within a week; the
¦fly, are o* rood quality ani the yi^-l
t-!!1 be large. ' '.rain. hay. bears and hop*
nr» a'.! under I»a*turaK(? i» B"ar-»
r.-wl rain is reeled ta ftart ffrass. M -st farm
r~* arc u-aitlns: for rain before plcwins a:id
«'oa»-t and Bar Fertions. — Generally fair
prevailed (J'Jtrinc the week. »ith fogs
a:'<nic the comtt. The temneratjrc vcas Botae
hat !om-er llian during the rrr^eilng wrek.
With the exception of apples und late grapes
•b» fruit cr^p i* harverte«l and unrler cover.
*.'h» j-ieU of crape* and dKlduoaa fruits has
:^»>n very satisfartory ir most places. To
rr.ztcr* are riper.Inr ant! ¦rfTJ make a crood crr.p.
*,"r.e ruTnmer croi'g are biVTCSted and ur.dcr
train, hoj^. bfar.s and eugar beets
! «ve yieW'iJ fairly well In mo*t tectior.s.
I'iowlnr and seedir.g are in prr.tfir*s. Feed
Is »caTre. but rattle ar» 1n fair condition.
feen Joaquir. Valley. — The weather during the
r.*eek m-as trerieraUy clear and warm, with
cool night*, or.fi conditlcns were very favorable
for late fruiti ar.3 raisir. curing. The second
crop of r*l*ins 1* nearly disposed of. and a
rmall third crop is c-n the trays In the Fresno
district. Dried prunes and rait-lns are coir.r
to the pafklr.s-hou*e« in large quantities, and
lute crape* are belrjr s»nt to irineries and
shippers. Oranges ar» ripening 1 rapidly; the
ffrrt carload was »hipr#d from PortervUle
October 29. «r<l plckir.r will t>ecorce.reneral
«Iurinr the prtwnt week. Olives are In ex
rrllert condition, ard pro5j>ects are good for
• fair eror*. Em>tian corn harvest is pro
rre««inc. Cattle have been turned on alfalfa
f e!fls In bobs* places and are doing well. Plow
lr-r ard seedlrc ccntinue.
Sfwthern Callforr.ia. — Warm, clear days and.
coo! nirfcts. with h^avy fog* alomr the coast,
rrovailed during the week. Conditions were
»~.firhit unfavorable for raisin making, but
-^n>M. of the crop ha» been cured and Is being
»ent to packirsc-hovse*. Carload shipments of
rulrina are be!nr made from E%n DIeco. The [
• TTie crop Is being harvested and shipped.
Walnut pSelclnr <* nearly completed; the crop
i« littrt. Orsnfen are colnring and pro«pects
«r» rood for an nnunually heavy crot>. Celery
Is r!;er.!rjr asd going to market. Beans and:
On Monday the Mint bougrht 175.000 ounces !
of Silver at 594c. India is purchasing no
more at present, there is no demand from I
China and the latter market Is declining.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — |4 SI *4 I
Sterling Exchange, si*ht — 4 65
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 66
New York Exchange, sizht — 024 i
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — (>5
F'lver. per ou'.ice — 59Vi I
Mexican Dollars 48 @ 404 I
Wheat and Other Grains. . I
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Current chartering Is j
at still lower rates, .a Frenrh bark having Just j
been taken for Barley at 12s «Sd. usual Euro- j
pean options. The harbor is still full of dls- ;
engaged tonnnge. and there is no immediate ]
prospect of any advance in rates. The char- :
tered Wheat fleet in von has a registered ton- ;
nage of 25.337, against 52,000 tons on the j
same date last year: disengaged. 128,825 tons, !
aerainst 48.500: en the way to this fort, 220,440 j
tons, arainst 100,750. .
WHEAT — The foreign markets showed no •
change worthy of note. Chicago was lc lower, j
Wires from there raid that fine weather. ]
larger Northwestern receipts and some, markets ;
dosed on account of the elections tended to
product dullness and heaviness. Increased re- '
ceipts are expected.
Th!« market remains as before quoted. I
though futures are lower. The demand for j
cash Wheat Is scod. but country holders are |
not over willing to let go.
CASH WHEAT. •
California Club. SI 4O£l 45: California White !
Australian. ?1 50-gl 55: Northern Club. $1 40
61 42U; Northern Blue Stem. $1 50©l 55; Ore
gon Valley, $1 4CW.1 45 per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m. ',
Open. High. Low. Close.
December $141 $141 Jl 41 $1 41 I
May 1 3S! 8 139 1 3S;i 130 '!
2 P. m. session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December $l*40«i $1 40% *1 «>*i $1 40*;,
BARLEY — Though the market Is quiet it Is '
steady at previous price?, with sales of choice
Feed at the top quotation. Predictions of rain
Wtttkened futures yesterday.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed. $1 13%i01 H5>i : Shipping and Brewing,
$1 20trl 224: Chevalier. ?1 20*21 45 for fair to
choice.
• FUTURES.
Session 0 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December $1 13N $1 134 $1 13?, «1 134
2 i>. m. session.
No sales.
OATS — Dealers continue to report a steady
but quiet market at the quotations which have
prevailed for weeks. Offerings continue ample ;
for all requirements.
White, $1 '-Cf//1 324: Black, $1 40^1 624;
R*<j M 20*11 2."> for feed and $1 25© 1 35 for
seed: Gray.^1 224«?1 274 per ctl.
COUK — Quotations are fom»what nominal, as
there is not much busings. Receipts have been
running lighter for a few days. Western sack
oJ. SI 30OI 324 f° r Yellow, $1 30@l 324 for
White and SI 30 for mixed; California large
Yellow, ?1 35-51 40; small round do, nominal;
White, $1 35*il 40 per CtJ.
RYE — Jl 25<j?l .'<0 per ctl. Thrre Is not much
demand, and offerings are not heavy.
BUCKWHEAT— $2 25^2 50 per ctl.
Flour and MUlstuffs.
The millers report a fair demand for both
Flour and Millstuffs at unchanged quotations.
FLOUK— California Family Extras, S4 60^
4 t>5. usual terms; Bakers" Extras, IJ 50@t CO;
Oregon and Washington, $3 90®4 'M per bbl
for Family and $3 !tO24 40 for Bakers'.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 25 p*r 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3 25; Rye Meal, $3; Rice Flour,
$7; Corn Meal, $3 25: extra cream do. $4; Oat
Groats, $4 50: Hominy, $4@4 25; Buckwheat
Flour, $4 5OS4 75; Cracked Wheat. f3 75; Fa
rina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats, bbls, 87 25gS 60; In sacks. S6 75ffS 10;
Pearl Barley, $6; Split Peas, boxes, 87; Green
Peas, $5 DO per 100 lbs.
I sugar be«ts are nearly all harvested. Plowing
has commenced in some place*.
Ivd« Angeles Summary- — Warm <5ays and cool
right* ru-ening a large crop of oranges. Dry
' ir.g of late fruit continues; prunes and raisin?
are nearly out of the way. Shipping of celery
has becun. Sugar beet harvest continues.
Eur«?ka Summary- — Th« weather during the
rast w^ek was generally favorable, except in
the interior, where gTain and grass suffered as
the result of continued dry weattwr. Plowing
and seeding in some sections ar© progressing
s'.owly. Apple harvest is nearly completed.
Weather Report.
(12Oth Meridian — Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. 4—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls t
date as compared with these of same date last
season, and rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
THE COAST RECORD.
Last This Last
Station* — 24 hr>urs. season, season.
Eureka Tr. 3.34 3.37
Red Bluff 44 3.49
Sacramento -14 l.'j<
Pan Francisco -1« ¦••"
Frerno «O <V42
Independence Tr. rt.3fl
Fan Luib Obispo -02 2.00
Ua Ansdes .43 o.3»
San Diego •<* 0-»*
THE COAST RECORD.
STATIONS, i 3= W £,= jf7 £
- c c T 7 —
c c I ; =
-5 ¦? ; •
[Baker 30.06 H4 44 E Cloudy .00
[Carson S».6H 68 2S SW Cloudy .00
Kutfka 2t».7K 6S R4 SE Cloudy Tr.
Farallon ......30. 02 «l R8 S Cloudy .0u
Fresno 29.0S 7S 44 SE Cloudy .00
Flagstaff 50. I* C4 liJ E Pt.C1dy.00'
Independence .30.0« «4 42 SE Cloudy ,0u
Los Ang-les. ..30.06 70 4H W Clear .00
lit Tarr.ilpais. 3O.Ci2 52 4*> S Foggy .00
North Head SO
Phoenix :20.00 M) 4tf W Clear .00
Pocatello :{0.2<> «>4 30 SB Clear .<*j
Portland 29.70 62 50 SE Cloudy .00
Point Reyec.T.29.96 M 54 SW Cloudy .00
r.ci Blu!f 29. »i CS 45 S Cloudy .00
Rcseburg 52 02
Sacramento ..3ft. 00 70 50 SW Cloudy .00
Salt Lake 30.22 5S 32 Clear .00
San Francisco. 30. >*> 62 54 SW Cloudy .<X/
San L* Obispo.30.10 CS 44 W Cloudy .00
San Diego 30. fH f-G 52 NW Clear .00
Seattle 29. 70 00 46 W Cloudy .06
Spokane 3O.»<8 fiO 44 NE Cloudy Tr.
Tatoosh 29. B0 54 4S SE Rain .11
Walla Walla.. i». !H 5S 46 E Clcu-iy .00
Winnemucca ."i).t>6 C8 .12 N Cloudy .60
Yurr.a 2S.KS 84 50 E Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
A Ftorm of large extent and moderate inten
sity overlit-B the northern half of the Pacific
Coast. High southerly winds are reported
from the FVrallcnes northward. As yet but
littie rain has fallen, but conditions are very
favorable for a general rain over Central and
Northern California.
Southeast storm warnings are displayed along
the coast from San Francisco northward, and
advisory messages have been sent to all poorts
warning northbound vessels to expect squally
w»ath-?r with high southeasterly winds.
The temperature continues high along the
coast frcm Eureka northward, but will prob
ably fall with the rain.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, November 4:
Northern California — Rain Wednesday; brisk
to high southeast winds.
Southern California— Cloudy Wednesday; light
northerly winds changing to southwesterly.
• Nevada — Cloudy; cooler Wednesday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Rain Wednes
day; brisk to high southerly winds.
A. G. McADIE, District Forecaster.
Exchange and Bullion.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 6s. — — 1 DoCi — 110
Bay CPC 6s. — 104 f Do con 5s. — 105
Cal C G 5s. 104*106 \O "W C G 6s — 97*4 [
Cal C & E r Oceanic S 5s, 75 79
ra & ct 5s. — 1024'Om C R 6s. — 122^
Cal-st 6s ... — — !Pac B Ira 4s — 97
C C Wat 5s. — 1C0 !p E Ry to.. — 109
E L & P 68.125 — P & C H 6e. — —
F & C H 6s. — 118 P & O R 6S.11SH —
Geary-st 6s.. 45 00 Powell-st ««.113H —
H C&S S^s.lOl — S E G&R 6s. — 101
HC&Sos..— 10O SF A SJV59.118 —
Hon R T 6s.lO3?41O8 S R of C ««.112»4 —
L A Elec 53.10O — S P of A fls
L A Ry 5s..ll2%U3tf (1909) 107^108
L A L Co 6s — — (1810) 10S**lC9U
Do gtd Cs. — — s P of C 6s
Do gtd 5s.l02H103H (19O»)Sr A.102U102 s i !
LAP lem 5s. — 101 (1906)Sr B. — 103 »» ,
Mkt-st C 6e..ll3 — UtK*) .... 1044106
Do 1 cm5s. — 114 (1912) ....1U U*H|
NBR of C Cs — 107*i SPC leg 5s. — —
Do 5s 114?i _ Do stmpd.108 10*4 ,
N P C R 5s.lO6 109 S P B R Sa.131 132
X C R 5».. — 112 S V W 6*..lO5*il06*;
N C P C 5s. — — rx» 4s 2dm. 9S£ 98»»
N S R R 6s. — 98 Do 4s 3dm. 99 —
O G L H 5s.lO7 1074 Stkn G*E 6a 95. J£?3
O T Co 6s.. 119 119 jU G & E 5s. — 105
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 41 4 45 (Port Coeta.. — —
Marin Co... 61 — iSp V W Co. 35 - s 39H !
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 3>4 4 T i'Sac E G & R — "' — : >. .'
Mutual EL.— 11 S F G & E. es ftS4
Oak G LAH. — — S F Gas 3 3»*
Pac G Ira.. — 55 Stkn G & E. 5 —
Pac L Co... 554 — u G & E... — —
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
SFO&E.68 6S%
INSURANCE.
, Flrem.'* Fnd320 —
BANK STOCKS.
Am Nat Ke.120 1274 L P & A 180 170
Anglo-Cal .. — 63 Her Trust.. .230 —
Bank of Cal. — 475 Merch Ex... — —
Cal Safe Dp. — 180 S F Nation!. — —
First Natni. — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
G-r P & L. — — Sav & L 80. 95 —
Hum S & L — — Seo 8av Bk.400 600
Mutual Bav. — — Union T Co. —
S F Eav Un.600 —
STREET RAILROXDS.
California .. — 203 f Presidio .... 83 40U
Geary — 80 J
POWDER.
Giant «8 — iVigorlt — 4%
SUGAR.
Hana P Co.. 50c 1 (Kllauea B C. — 6
Hawaiian C. 43 — Makaw«li C. 21 —
Honokaa S C 13 13 Vi Onomea S C. — 33
Hutch S P C 10 lOiJpaauhau S C 15 16U
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack. Hi) 149H!Oceanlc S C. — 7
Cal Fruit As — 94 Pac A F A. 2*4 —
Cal Wine As 93 81 /Pac C Borx.l«7 —
Morning Session.
Board— ,
15 Alaska Packers* Association 151 00
15 Alaska Packers' Association 130 5O
30 Alaska Packers' Association 149 5O
120 Alaska Packers' Association 149 00
30 Honokaa Co 13 CO
110 Spring Valley Water Co 33 00
1000 S V C per cent bonds 1W CO
Street—
6000 Cal Cent G & E 6s 104 75
Afternoon Session.
Board —
15 Alaska Packers' Association 149 60
6 Alaska Packers' Association 149 23
15 Hawaiian Com and Sugar 43 00
30 S F Gas & Electric Co 63 00
1000 8 P of Arisona (1909) 107 50
1000 8 V A per cent bonds (2d mort.).. 93 50
50 S F G i E trustees' certificates. . 63 00
Street —
1000 N Ry of Cal 5 per cent bonds 114 75
1000 S P of Arisona (1910> 109 CO
California Stock andOil Exchange
Stock— Bid. Ask.
Alma Oil 1 35
Apollo Oil 41
Associated Trust Cert 19 ....
Aztec Oil 90 j
California Standard Oil 11
Caribou Oil Co 1 CO 1 10 i
Central Point Con « ¥* I
Chicago Crude Oil 19 21
Claremont Oil 24 30
Esperanza Oil 150 ....
Four Oil 69
Fulton Oil 4 00 ....
Giant Oil 2O
Hanford Oil 132 OO 134 00
Home Oil 1C0 1024
Imperial Oil 19 00
Independence Oil 17 19
Junction Oil 19
Kern Oil 6 00
Kern River Oil 12 .*w>
Lion Oil 0.1 04
Monarch *of Arizona) Oil... 49
Monte Cristo OH 824 .•••
Occidental of W. Va. Oil... IS 20
Oil City Petroleum 27 2S
Peerless Oil 14 00
Pittsburg Oil 25
Reed Crude Oil 40
R F and McKittrlck Oil 2 75
San Joaquin O & D Oil 5 75 .
Senator Oil 75
Sovereign Oil 3*
Sterling Oil 2 75 \
Superior Oil W 07 I
Thirty-Three Oil 7 50 I
Toltec Oil 20 21
Twenty-Eight Oil 4 25
West Shore Oil 2 OO ....
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land and Impt 1 40
Alameda Sugar • 29 00
American Biscuit 95 00
American DIs Tel
Cal Gas and Electric
Cal Cotton Mills S3 00
Cal Jockey Club 105 Ort
Cal Shipping Co 25 OO
Cal Title and Trust 130 On 140 00
Central Bank of Oakland... 60 00
Chutes Company "5"
Cypress Lawn Imp Co 6 5<> 7 50
Fischer's Theater 2 00 2 50
Gas Consumers' Assn 22 50
Honolulu Sugar 14 60
Northern Cal Power. , 9 00
North Shore Railroad fi 00
"Orpheum Company 15 25 16 25
Pacific States Tel and Tel 115 OO
Paraf fine Paint S3 <*>
San Francisco Drydock. .. .. 47 00
Sanitary Reduction Work*.. 2 5<>
Sausalito Land and Ferry.. 1« OO
Sperry Flcur Company 27 50 3O 00
Standard Electric " 1*00
Tefla Coal Co 3O 00
Truckes Electric £j ~»
Union Sugar 22 50
United Gas and Electric 34 50 ....
OFFICIAL SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
100 Monte Cristo Oil S24
Aiternoon Session.
Board —
500 Monte Cristo Oil (b 30) S5
500 Monte CrUto Oil 85
100 Monte Cristo Oil S24
1C0 Home O'.l J 024
100 Home Oil * w°
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Alpha 06 10O Gould AC 21
100 Caledonia ... »* 800 Mexican 93
1500 Chollar 13 600 Potosl 14
500 Con Imperial. 03 20O Savage 15
100 Crown Point. 15 400 Seg Belcher.. OS
Afternoon Session.
1200 Alpha 0«1 100 Gould AC... 22
100 Best A Belchrl 4O 10O Key«« Graeslrl 73
500 Caledonia 1 03 100 Occidental ... 2O
4C0 Crown Point. 16 2C0 Union Con .. 45
6C0 Exchequer ... 151
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
" 200 Belcher 13, 800 Potosi 13
200 Caledonia ... 99 800 Savage 18
SCO Con Imperial. 03 200 Sierra N«vada 34
5O0 Gould & C... 22 300 Union Con... 46
100 Hale & Nor. . 59 S00 Yellow Jacket 42
200 Mexican 95)
Afternoon Session.
50 Caledonia .„ . 9» 300 Hale A Nor. . 6?
50 Caledonia 4s.l 03 500 Overman .... 23
100 Caledonia .1 124 SOO Overman .... 24
100 Caledonia .1174 50ft Potosi 14
100 Caledonia ...1 13 500 Savage IS
600 Challenge .... 21 2O0 Savage 17
300 Chollar 13 $00 Sierra Nevada 33
•>00 Con Imperial. 03 400 Union Con... 4«
500 Crown Point.. 17 200 Union Con... 47
700 Exchequer ... 15 600 Yellow Jacket 43
400 Gould A C 22)
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales en the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yester-
Morning; Session.
200 Esperanza .. 021 600 Mont Tonpah 90
200 Hannapah ... ©* 500 Ten Nth Star 33
1000 Llghtner 4 00'
Afternoon Session.
1000 Esperanza. ... 02| 500 Ton Nth Star 82
600 Golconda Con 19 1
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. Nov. 3 — 4 p. m.
Bld.Ask.l 0 Bid.Ask.
Alpha- 06 C8;Julia oa 07
Alta 03 04 Justice 08 04
Andes 19 19 Kentuck -03 04
Belcher 15 1« Keye* Graes..l PO 1 S3
Best A Belcb-1 40 1 43| Mexican 94 M
Bullion 00 10 Occidental ... 20 21
Caledonia 1 15 1 20 Ophlr .......1 40 1 60
Challenge Con 20 24 (Overman .... 24 23
Chollar 14 15 Potod 13 15
Confidence ... 60 65 'Savage IT IS
Cton Cal A V.I 10 1 15 Bcorpioa 01 03
Con Imperial. 03 O4;Seg Belch.... 07 00
Con N Y OR 07'Slerra Nev ..34 36
Crown Point.. 17 IS Silver Hill . . 68 60
Eureka Con.. — 50 St Louis ... 11 ' — [
Exchequer ... 15 . 18 Syndicate .... — 09
Gould & Cur. 21 231 Union Con ..45 46
Halo A Norcs M 60jUtah 16 17
Lady Wash.. 03 04 j Yellow Jacket 41 15
¦ roras, 75c; large and smooth, 60c; medium,
35c: small. 20c.
TALLOW, No. 1 rendered, 4%o per lb; No.
2. 4c; grease. 2^ ©3c.
WOOL — Fall clip— San Joaquln Tombs', 9^
lie; Middle County, ll@12c; Northern Free.
ll&12c; Northern Defective. 10@llc; Humboldt
and Mendocino. 12S14c; Nevada. 13815c; Ore
gon, fine, lS@19c; Oregon, medium, 17c per lb.
HOPS— 2Og22^c per lb.
Meat Market.
Beyond fractional variations In Mutton and
Veal there Is no particular change in anything.
Stocks are ample for all needs, as usual at this
time of the year, and cars are in better supply
than for a month or so past. The tendency in
Hogs is downward, as the demand for them has
fallen off perceptibly of late.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — 6<g7c for Steers and 5@6c per lb for
Cows.
VEAL — Large, 6@Sc; small. 8g9c per Ib.
. MUTTON— Wethers, 7}6@S&c; Ewes, 7@Se
; per lb.
LAMB— 9<gl0c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs, 7%39c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkaze for C&ttl^.
CATTLE — Steers. S@»c: Cows and Heifers,
7®Sc; thin Cows. 4@5c per pound.
CALVES — i'ctiViC per pound (gross weight).
E.HEEP— Wethers. 3He3%c; Ewes. 3Q3Vie
per pound (gross weight).
LAMBS — $2 75@3 per head.
HOGS — Live Hogs. 150 to 250 lbs, S^c:
under 150 lbs, 5*4@5Sc; Sows, 20 per cent off;
Boars, 50 per cent off, and Stags, 40 per cent
off from above- Quotations.
General Merchandise.
BAGS — Grain Bags, 5@5V»c: San Quentln,
5.55c; Wool Bags, 32S35c; Fleece Twine. 7H
®8c; Cotton Fruit Bags. 6>*c, 6»ie and 7Uc for
the three grades; Brown Jute, 6«^®7Hc.
CANNED FRUITS — The California Fruit
Canners' Association quotes the following price
list for 1&03 stock:
. if (B» • ?
FRUITS. H g- 3, ."
'._ J ! — ;_•-_
Appl»s |1 55 $1 30J1 20 $1 10
Apricots I 1 35| 1 25 ....
Blackberries 1 69 1 «K 1 30 1 Ji
Cherries, R. A 2 15i 1 SOI 1 70 1 40
Cherries, white* 1 75 1 60! 1 85
Cherries, black 2 00 1 75 1 60 1 35
Grapes 1 35 1 20 1 10 1 00
Yellow Free Peachea 140 |
Lemon Cling Peaches... 1 R0 1 60 1 30, 1 20
Pears 2 00 1 75
Plums 1 35| 1 15 1 05 93
Raspberries 2 50| 2 25 2 10 1 W>
Strawberries 2 OOj 1 75 1 60 1 40
CANNED VEGETABLES — Tomatoes, 2^-lb
standard, S5c; Green Peas— Baby petlts pois.
$1 50; petfts pols. $1 85; extra sifted, $1 15;
standard sifted, $1; standards, 85c; marrow
fats, 82 He; gallon, sifted, $4 25; gallon,
standard, (3 75.
COAL — Wellington. $3 per ton; New Wel
lington. (H: Seattle, $6 50; Bryant, $0 50; Bea
ver Hill. $5 50; Stanford. $7; Roslyn, $7: Cooa
Bay. $5 50; Greta, $7; WalUend, $7; Rlch
mor.d. $7 50: Cumberland. $13 in bulk and
$14 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Eke,
$14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump,
$11 50; Cannel. ?S 50 per ton: Coke. $11 50^
13 per ton In bulk and $15 in. sacks; Rocky
Mountain descriptions. $11 45 per 2000 lbs and
$12 SO per long ton, according to brand.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles, per lb. 3^c:
cases, reeular, 4c; cases, extra larre, 4^c:
Eastern style. CVic; boneless, 4^»c; "Norway,"
4V»c; "Narrow Gauge," 5c: "Silver King,"
6*ic; blocks. "Oriental." 6c; blocks. "Sea
bright," 514c; tablets, be; middles. 6l4@7si_-;
fancy boneless SgSV-c; pickled Cod, bbls,
$7 50: pickled Cod, half bbls, $4 50.
CORDAGE — The local company quotes as j
follows. 60 days or per cent discount for }
cash, no sales under 10,000 lbs: Manila. 14'^c;
Siaal. lie; Duplex. lCc; Bale Rope, UgilV-jC I
per lb.
COFFEE— Costa RlcA— >12%@15a for strictly
prime to fancy washed, ll'312e for prime
washed. 10\i<aiC»ic for good washed. 9><3@
11 He for good to prime washed peaberry, 6^
QOViC for good to prime peaberry, S?4-5?10c for
good to prime. 7tfSc for fair, 4©6»ic for com- I
mon to ordinary. Salvador — ll?12c nominal j
for strictly prime washed, 8*4@10^e for good
to prime washed, 7U[g9c for fair washed. 9® i
10^~c for fair to prime washed peaberry. !
'Ti^S^c for good to prime semi-washed. ~hi& ¦
Sc for superior unwashed. 7S74c for good I
green unwashed. 7?4S"c for good to superior
unwashed peaberry, 4gtJc for inferior to or- |
dinar}'. Nicaragua— 11 u@l3c nominal for
prime to fancy washed. 8@10c nominal for
fair to strictly good washed. 6^67140 for
good to superior unwashed, 7^i'SSc for good to
prime unwashed peaberry. Guatemala and j
Mexican — 13V»@15c nominal for fancy washed. '
ll®13c for prime to strictly prime washed. |
9*i$?10Uc for strictly good washed, O^OSc for
good washed. "H'gSijc for fair washed, 6#7Uc
for medium. 4g6c for Inferior to ordinary,
8H©I0^c for fair to prime unwashed pea
berry 7341TSC for good to prime unwashed pea
berry! 7@Sc nominal for good to auperlor un
washed. SfJ'V-c for ash-damaged.
LEATHER— Sole. heavy. 2O?i32c: extra
heavy, 3OS-40C per lb; medium. 27@21>c: light.
24g2t5c; Rough Leather. 26#2Sc; Harness
Leather heavy, 35f?39c for No. 1 and 3C"g.{5c
for No.' 2; medium, 30Q37c: llsrht, 29«35c;
Skirting No. 1. 40*g42c; No. 2. C6#38c; Collar
Leather' 151? 16c per foot: Trace Leather. 40® I
44c; Kip unfinished. 40-goOc per lb: Veal, fin- |
ished 5A/gf>Oc per lb: Calf, finished. G5cg$l per
lb; Wax sides 16@17c per foot: Belt Knife •
Splits. 14fil6c; Rough Splits. 8@10c per lb.
TANBARK— Ground, $2<>g2S per ton; stick,
$15#1S per cord.
OIL — Linseed, 4J>c for boiled and 47c for raw
in barrels; cases, 5c more: Castor Oil. in cases. 1
No 1 70c; Bakery AA. $1 1091 12; Lucol. 4Jc {
for' botled and 42c for raw In barrels; Lard ]
Oil extra winter strained, barrels. 85c; cases.
»0c- China Nut. 55@70c per gallon; pureH
Neatsfoot, in barrels. 75c; cases, 80c; Sperm, |
pure 75c; Whale Oil, natural white. 5C@55c
per gallon- Fish Oil. In barrels. 45c; cases.
50c; Cocoanut Oil. In barrels. 53c for Ceylon j
and 55c for Australian.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil in bulk.
15 Vic- Pearl Oil in cases. 22c: Astral. 22c;
Star 22c- Extra Star. 2flc: Elaine, 28cj Eocene.
25c' deodorized Stove Gasoline, in bulk. 17c;
in cases, 23Hc; Benzine, in bulk, 13c; in cases.
19^c; S6-dcgree Gasoline, In bulk. 2lc; in
ca*es 27*4c.
TURPENTINE— POc per gallon In cases and
74c in drums and iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD — Red Lead. 6^@
7c per lb; White Lead. C»i@7c. according to
ouantitv j
QUICKSILVER— $43 50^45 for local use and |
542 5C<5?43 50 per flask for export. ;
SALT— The Amalgamated Salt Company (
quotes as follows: Genuine Liverpool, $14^16;
Bales common. $1 65: Dairy, per ton, $12 50;
Half 'Ground $9 75gl0 25; Rock Salt. $S 5C«?
0 75- Imitation Liverpool. $12 50® IS 25; Gran
ulated $12 KCiflS 25 per ton.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per H>. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes A Crushed and Fine Crushed. S.Soc;
Powdered. 5.70c; Candy Granulated, 5.70c; Dry
Granulated fine 5.6Oc; Dry Granulated, coarse.
BtiOc- Fru'it Granulated. 5.60c; Beet Granu
lated' (100-lb bags only). 5.40c: Confectioners*
A 6 60c: Magnolia A. 5.20c; Extra C. 5.10c;
Golden C. Oc: "D," 4.»Oo: barrels. 10c more;
half barrels 25c more: boxes, 50c more; 60-lb
hags 10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half
barrels 6 10c; boxes. 6.35c; H. & E. Crystal
Domino?. S.5Oc per lb. No orders taken for
le«s than seventy-five barrels or its equivalept.
"LUMBER — Some changes, generally down
ward appear. Pine, ordinary sizes. $1S31&:
«.*tra' sizes, higher; Redwood. $19#23; Lath, 4
feVt $3 P0«P4: Pickets. $19^26: Shingles. 52
for No 1 and $1 50 for No. 2; Shakes. $1.1 for
split and $14 for sawn: Rustic. $25^31.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR TUESDAY. AUGUST 3.
Flour qr sacks. 10 % Sugar, centals.. M0
Barley, centals. 1.7S7 Hides, number.. Ml
Beans, sacks... 6.7S1 Peltx. bundles.. 2S5
Potatoes, sacks. 1.073. Leather, rolls... 98
Hay tons 390 j Brandy, gallons 5,600
Straw, tons ... 10 Wine, gallons... 47.400
Wool, bales ... 88 Lime, barrels... 408,
Feed, sacks 8S|Qulcksllvr. flsks 230
TailoV, centals. 256 i
Retail Meat Prices.
Tfct following retail price* Car meats are
quoted by th# Retail Butchers' Protective As
sociation:
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Eggs continue to move oft well and stocks
are becoming reduced. The feeling is uteady.
Public consumniion of fresh ranch has in
created sinoe the recent decline. Occasional
sales over the quotations are reported.
The situation in Butter and Cheese has not
materially changed for a week. Both markets
are characterized by firmness in choice and
weakness in the lower grades, with suppllea
ample for all need?.
Receipts were 13,900 lbs Butter, S22 cases
Eggs and 13,700 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery, 2V*ff30c for extras and
28'@27 l -jc for seconds: dairy, 21@2oc: store But
ter, 17i,2®10c; cold storage, 24g2Cc; Eastern,
23g25c oer lb
CHEESE — 12i*c for the general market, 1>1T
13"^c for select mild new and 11012c for lower
grades; Young Americas, 13Vj'S14c; Eastern,
15»-iS16Hc; Western, 14*{15c per lb.
EGGS — Ranch. 4(>y43e; store, nominal;
coll storage. 27Vj@30c: Eastern, 2S@30c for
fresh and •J5'g5C'c for cold storage.
Alameda County.
Cyrtlla and Marie L. Duchein to Jocn C«n
tlni. lot on S ltns of Seventh avenue. 123 E
of Broadway E 23 by 3 10O. lot 11. block
63. Kellersborger'B map. Oakland: $4300.
Elizabeth Ncale3 (widow) to Jamea S. Nai
smlth lot on SE l«n« of Summit avenue. 333. 52
NE of Linda avenue. NE 100. SE 21.VSS. SW
190.93. N~W 234.71 portion lot 25, map No.
2 Glen Echo Tract. Oakland: $10.
James I* and Lizzie »\ Naismith to Beno-.t
CoMn. same. Oakland: $1<\
Marlon H. Gaston to Minnie Gaston (wife*,
lot on S liri» of Santa Fe avenu«\ MH.1S —
from W lin» of San Pablo avenue. W 30 by
S 106.62. lot 4S. William M. Butters Tract,
map No. 2 Emeryville Oakland Township;
$10.
Frank L. Bateman to Maria I. Batsman, lot
on E line of Monroe street. 200 S of Web
ster, S 20O by E 120. lots « to 10. block A.
map No. 2. Bateman Tract. B«rkeley; $3000.
P. H. Jr. and Matilda A. Blake to P. H.
Blake Sr.. lot on N lln» of E&at Fourteenth
street at intersection with lln» between lots
17 and IS thence along said dividing l!n<»
N 131.83 by E 5. portion lot IS, Bray Tract.
Brooklyn Township; $10.
William W. Palmer (slngl-) to Gottlieb
Schumacher, lot at Intersection of S lin« of
Harrison avenue with lands of Palmer and
Schumacher. th«nce W along said lin» of
Intersection of right of way of Southern F»
dflc Company. E distant 10 feet from sai<i
right of way to dividing Una of sai4
Palmer and Schumacher. N* 120 to beginning,
Alameda; $225.
George Nolan and Mary Donnelly to Ir*
Vaughan lot on W line of Cedar street. 14:6 7 «
N of Belle. N 25 by W 75. block 45. map
land Oakland Point (Railroad Ferry Landing)
Tract 406, Oakland; $10.
Jahn N. and Cora B. Livingston to Patrick
A Cox, lot on W Una of Broadway. 75 >• of
Second street. N 50 by \V 75. Jots 13 and ir>.
block 19. Kellers berger's map. Oakland: $I'\
John F. and Maria S. Dingwell to Henry
J. and Lizzie Stanley, lot on N l'.ns of West
Fourteenth street. 7»:6 E cf Union. E 38 by
N 105 block 536. Boardrnan's map, OaklanJ;
$10.
J. A. and Sarah J. Jordan to Adolpb W.
and Martha Nolle let en W Una of Pearl
street. 261:08 S of Ruby. W 83. SW 35. B
84. N 35. portion lots 47 and 43. map Ameri
can Investment Union Tract No. 1. Oakland;
$10.
William J. Phipps to Thomas Smit^ undi
vided Interest in lot on W line of Grovw
street. 155 S of Thirty-fourth. S 43.92, W
117.S3. N "4.73. rtc. E ll»i.5«>, portion p!at
10. Kellersberger's Map Rancho V. and D.
Peralta. Oakland; $10.
Thomas Smith (sing!i>> et al. t» Emma T.
Co\« same. Oakland; $4000.
Herschel Miller to Patrick Sexton. X 50
feet of lot 12. block S <G4S). map survey
Northern Extension. Oakland; $10.
Jane- Laity (wife of Henry) to Marie G. Mu!
lare (wife of John), lot on W Una of Filbert
street. 275 N" of Thirtieth. N 23 by W 12.">.
lot 13. block 670. GlascocJc Tract Oakland;
$10.
Annie Schneider (single) to C. J. Woodbury.
lot on SE line of Seventh avenue. 100 SW of
East Seventeenth street SW 50 by SE ISO,
block S4. Clinton. East Oakland; $10.
Mary Rees (single) to Calvin S. : Wlnchell.
lot on W line- of Lorena street. 220 J« of Ash
by avenue. X 40 by W lift lot 10. block C.
Adeline Tract, Berkeley; $5C<\
Charles M. and Lena G. MacGregor to Ar
mand B. and Cecile Carcct lot on B line o*
Harper street. 100 S of Mason. 9 41.61 by E
122.01. lot 14. block 7, map subdivision btc»-lc
7. Central Park Tract, Berkeley; $10.
BEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Poultry and Game.
Another car of Western Poultry was en sale,
making the third for the we-ek. Western
stock has been running rather poor lately and
local stock is moving off better in consequence.
Yesterday's receipts of local were moderate
and several kinds were <^joted higher. Young
Gobblers and large heav^Hens were particu
larly firm.
There were heavy receipts of Gams and al
though the demand was steady the market had
less snap and all Ducks were quoted lower. The
birds have been runmg rather poor of late,
owing to the lack of feed In the country.
POULTRY — Live Turkeys, lS®20c per lb for
young and 14^16o for old: Geese, per pair,
$1 7532; Goslings. $2^2 25; Ducks, *4£5 per
doien for old and J53tS for young; Hens, 54 50
@5 50 for email and $5 M*§6 50 for large;
young Roosters. H 5<>g5; old Roosters, $4 50^
5: Fryeis, $3 5Of4 50; Broilers. $3 25^3 50 for
large and 52 7803 for small; Pigeons. $1®
1 25 per doz*n f"r old and $2@2 25 for Squabs.
GAME — Mallard Ducks. WQQ per dozen;
Canvasback. ?4S7: Sprig. $3®4 50: Teal, $2 50
@3; Widgeon, J2S2 50; small Ducks, $1 5O3J2;
Grav Geese, $3; White Geese, $lig2; Brant,
$1 50 for small and $3 50 tor larpe; English
Snipe, 53; common Snipe, $1 75; Wild Doves,
$1 25; Rabbits. $1 75 for Cottontails and $1 23
for Brush; Hare, $1 25®1 60.
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid. Ask. BM Ask.
Cslehsn — 19 Ten & Cal.. — 23
Esperanza ... 01 C2Ton&GW.. — 1<»
Gipsy Queen. — SO Ton of Nev.. — « JO
Hannapah ... OS 12 Ton N Star.. 32 33
MacNamara . 11 14 Ton Midway. — 37
Mont Ton . . S3 03 Ton & Salt L 1* —
Paymaster .. C5 13 United Tea.. . — 12
Rescue 03 0« Utopia 10 —
Ton Belmont. — 1 25'
i dairies, 1421 S4c. Ezra, firm; at mark, cases
Included. 194®214c Cheese, steady; 104®
He.
¦ j - • c .
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
"Wheat — Dec. March. May.
Opening C6 6 6^4 6 54
Closing 8 6*; 6 0 6S!t
PARIS.
Wheat — Nor. Mar. -June.
Opening 20 90 2105
Closing 20 00 21 95
Flour-
Opening SO 05 2S 75
Closing 30 05 2S 75
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Nov. 3.— CATTLE— Receipts,
7500. including 300 Texans. Western, steady.
Good to prims steers $5 2.vg5 75; poor to
medium. $3 50&1 90; etockers and feeders.
$2 25@4 40; cows. $1 106-4; heifers. $2®4 50;
canners, $1 10@2 40; bulls, *2@i 25; calves,
$2@6 75; Texas fed steers, $3£3 75; Western
6:eers, $3 25@4 50.
HOGS — Receipts to-day 20.000; to-morrow,
26.000; 10S15c lower. Mixed and butchers 1 ,
$4 75@5 20; good to cholco heavy, $1 90*35 20;
rough heavy. 54 5O-g-4 90: light. $4 70«5 25;
bulk of sales. S4 SO35 10.
SHEEP — Receipts. 25,000. Sheep, weak;
l«mbs. lower. Good to choice- wethers, $3 50
64; fair to choice mixed, $3®3 50: We#tern
*h*ep, no sales; nativ« iambs, no sales; West
ern lambs, $3 50@5 50.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE, Nov. 8.— Clearings, $S19,82S;
balances. $135,223.
TACOMA. Not. 3.— Clearings, $379,803;
balances $39,461.
PORTLAND Nov. 3 —Clearings, $S15,100;
balances. $$9,537.
SPOKANE Nov. 3. — Clearings. $553.0S4:
balances. $105,896.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Nov. 3. — WHEAT — Walla
Walla, 75c: blue stem. 79c: valley, 7So.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Nov. 3.— WHEAT— lc lower; blue
stem. Sic; club, 77c.
Stocks in London.
Cons for money. KS 5-16 N T Central 123\i
Cons for acct. . .SS 9-10 Nor & West 59
Anaconda 3'* : Do pfd 89
Atchison R9 T g Ontario & West.. 21 Vj
Do pfd 93 [Pennsylvania 62V,
Bait & Ohio 78H Rand Mines OVi
Canadian Pacific. 122^ 'Reading 234
Ches & Ohio 31 «g Do 1st pfd 40
«Tii Great West.. 16 Do 2d pfd 32
r M & St P 144 >-i. Southern Ry in
r-eBeers 20',! Do pfd 77 4
Denver & Rio G.. 20n, Southern Pacific. 444
Do pfd 70 :L*nion Pacific S.S
Erie 28% Do pfd 75V,
Do 1st pfd C8T4IU S Steel 14
Do 2d pfd 51 i Do pfd 61
Illinois Central... 130 4. Wabash 20ii
Loui5 & Nash 1044 Do pfd 35
Mis. Kan & Tex.. 174
liar silver, firm, 27-Vid per ounce. Money.
24<Ei.">4 per cent. The rate of discount in the
op-en market frr short bills is 3% per cent and
for three months' bills 4 per cent.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK, Nov. 3. — No bond transactions
to-day.
No session of the New York Stock Exchange yesterday.
¦ -Local Stocks ar.d Bonds still inactive.
Silver ar.d Exchange as previously quoted.
Wheat freights very low, ziHth excessive idle tonnage.
Wheat end Barley quiet, with hirer futures.
Orrts, Corn cr.d Rye in ample supply and unchanged.
Flour and Millstuifs in fair demand.
Hirh prices for Hay and I Feedstuff s maintained without difn
cutty.
Beans quiet and weak. Seeds largely nominal.
Eggs continue to move off better since the decline.
Supplies of Butter and Cheese still ample.
Dried Fruits, Xuts and Raisins selling fairly.
Heavy demand for dried Figs in New York.
Provisions unchanged and in in oderate local and shipping de
p xand.
fHops firm, with buyers and sellers apart.
Wool dull and easy, with stocks free and accumulating.
Hogs easy, with a falling off in the demand.
• ft
Beef unchanged. Mutton and Veal shozv fractional changes.
Hides quiet and zveak, but no lower.
Potato market overstocked and zveak.
Poultry somewhat higher, and Game plentiful and lower.
Fresh Fruits abundant, with fezc fluctuations.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Strictly fancy table Potatoes were In fair
request for local use, but thfl market was
overstocked and had an easy tone. The recent
arrivals of Oregon Potatoes were mostly of
poor quality and prices ranged lower. The
trade was HberaJly supplied with Sweet Po
tatoes, and a carload that came In from Mer
ced was offered at a decline. Onions continued
steady for fancy ctock, while common otter
ings met with a very light demand. Choice
Lima Beans were in limited supply and firm,
bat all other vegetables were abundant, .and
the market generally had a weak tone. Stocks
of Tomatoes were still too heavy for the mar
ket to absorb, and tales at the top quotation
were rare The canners were not In the mar
ket.
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river, 50@
70c per ctl; Salinas Burbanks, $1©1 30 per ctl:
Oregon Burbanks, 60g95c per ctl; River Reds>
fjOjftUk: per cti; Sweet Potatoes, $1 SO per ctl.
ONION'S— EOsg S5c per ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green Peas. 2'iMe per lb:
String B*ar.s. 'J'gSc per lb; Wax. 2g24c; Lima
B^ans, off4c p*r ib: Tomatoes. 20<gi0c per box;
Summer Squash. 355? 50c p»r box; Cabbage, 60c
per ctl; Carrots, 75c per sack; Cucumbers, 35®
50c per box; Garlic. 3®44c Per lb: Green Pep
pern 25(g40c per box for Chile and 50@60c for
Bell; Green Okra, 3O£40c per box; Egg Plant.
4Of50c per box; Marrowfat Squash, $10 per
ton; Hubbard, $12.
tard, $2 75S2 80; Flax. $1 70C1 SO: Canary,
5"?54c for Eastern; Alfalfa. 12@13c; Rape,
l»i«2iic; Timothy, 63«4c; Hemp, 3H@34c
per lb; Millet, 3S34c; Broom Corn Seed. $20®
23 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Green. $1 80f?2 per ctl.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 4. 1903.
LOCAL MARKETS.
STOCK MARKET.
Beans and Seeds.
There is not much change In Beans. They
are still quiet and weak, but receipts are not
as excessive as they were last week. Seeds
are largely nominal.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
11
OCEAU TBAVEL.
e Steamers leave San Fran-
cisco as follows:
Fcr Ketchikan. Wrangel
Juneau. Haines. Skaguayl
etc.. Alaska — 11 a. m.. Not.
Charge 'to company's ateaml
era at Seattle.
For Victoria, Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
coma. Everett. Whatcom— 11 a. ra., Nov. 2 7
12. 17. 22. 27. Dec. 2. Change at Seattle to
this company's steamers for Alaska and G. N
Ry. : at Seattle cr Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (HumboMt Bay) — Pomona. l:3i>
p. m.. Nov. «. 12. 1<*. 24. 30, Dec. 6; Ccror.a.
1:30 p. ra.. Nor. 3. 9. 15. 21. 27. Dec. 3.
For Los Angeles tvia Port Los Angeles 11 I
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara —
Santa Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles tvia San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Crux. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford tSan
Luis Obtspo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay, 0 a. m.. Nov. 1. ?. 17. 23. Dec. A
Bonlta. 9 a. m., Nov. 5. 13. 21. 2n. Dec. 7.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo,-' Mazatlan. Altata, La Pas. Santa Tin-
salla. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of eacti
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
Right is reserved to change steamers or sail-
ing- dates.
TICKET OFriCES — « New Montgom-
ery 6tr»et (Palace Hotel), 10 Market street and
Broadway wharves.
Freight office. 10 Market street.
C. D. DUNANN. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market street, San Francisco.
O. /?. & N. CO.
"Columbia"' sails Oct. 20. 30. Nov. 9. 13. 29,
Dec. 9, 19. 23. "George W. Elder"' sails Oct.
25, Nov. 4. 14. 24. Dec. 4. 14, 24. Only steam-
ship line to PORTI.AND, OR., ar.d short rail
line from Portland to a!l points East. Through
tickets to all points, all rail or steamship and
rail at LOWEST RATES. Steamer tickets in-
clude berth and meals. Steamer sails foot of
Spear »t. at 11 a. m. S. F. BOOTH. Gen.
Agt. Pass. Dept.. 1 Montgomery st. : C. CLIF-
FORD. Gen. Agt. Freight Drpt.. 3 Montgomery.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
(ORIENTAL 8TEAMSHIP CO->
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First and
Bransan streets, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hiocoi.
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting a:
Hongkong wlta steamers for Indta. etc. No
' cargo received en board on day of sailing.
S. S. AMERICA MARU
Tuesday. Norember 10, la* 1 ."!
S. S. HONGKONG MARU
Thursday, December 3. 1DC3
8. S. NIPPON MARU <Cal!lng at Manila)
Wednesday. December SO. 19C3
Via Honolulu. Round-tris> tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage apply at Com-
pany's office, 421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. A VERY. General Ag«nt.
S. S. ALAMEDA. »or Honolulu, Nov. 7. 11 a.m.
S. S. SONOMA, fcr Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney, Thursday; Nor. 19. 2 p. m.
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti, Dec 1. 11 a. m.
ilf7BECCU&n:S.G0,l;ts..TlttitlKSa > !<:iami3
WtKEmUl BarW JUFfcr U. 7,f2oSclL
I COXPAGHIE 8Z9ZXALS T3A53ATLA5TIQ33L
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. _^^w
Sailing every Thursday instead of 4nfiSf A
Saturday, at 10 a. ra.. from Pier 42. **'*w
North Rrver, foot of Morton street.
First-class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
I ond-clasa to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
I CANADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson Building).
New York. J. F. FCGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coa»t
i Agents 5 Montgomery avenue. Saa Franctaco.
¦ Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket A cents.
Mare Island and Vallejo Ste&mars.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIlf or MONTICELl.O-1'
S B:43 a. m., 3:13 and 8:30 p. m., except Sunday.
! Sunday, 0:43 a. in.. 8:30 p. ra. Leava Valleju.
! 7 a. m.. 12:30 noon,'6 p. m.. «. Sunday, dun-
' day 7 a. m., 4:13 p. m. Fare. 50 cent*. Tel.
i Main 1503. Pier 2. Muslon-*t. Aoca. HUTCH
iBROS.
AUCTION SALES
&J & fes
CLOSING-OUT SALE
OF THE
HOFFMOND STABLE
613 ELLIS ST.. NEAR LARKIN.
THURSDAY, NOV. 5. 1903.
Commencing at It o'clock a. m.
On account of the closing out of this stab!* ,
I will sell ON THE PREMISES, 43 d/ivin* and
work horses. 17 wagons and busgiea. harnes*.
I stable and office fixtures, etc.. without reserve.
Terms cash. This is a splendid opportunity for
seekers after fine roadsters and thoroughly bro-
ken business horses.
WILLIAM G. LAYNG.
* Livestock Auctioneer.
£% £*
AUCTION SALE of 4f» ail purposes h?rs«»
and mares. WEDNESDAY. November 4. at 11
a. m.. ARCADE HORSE MARKET. 327 Sixrn
etreet. JOHN J DOYLE. Au<-tior:e»r.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 4, ltfua.
12
Eni'C.VTJOX.M, Crt^U^.-n^il.
ARITHMETIC bt.okkeepin?, gram mar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. ICC* Mission, nr. Cth.
EMPLOYMENT OKKlCtSg.
GEORGE AOKI. 421 POBt St.; tel. Hush 135 —
J-ipanese-Chliifse employment offlce; fur-
nl.sh»s best help: contmcts ior farm help, etc.
A — OIU'HEUM Employn-.ent Office — Japanese-
ChlpeM help. 4L'(i Pcwt-li. Tel. Main ."752.
A— GRAND Japanese-Chinese l?mp. Office, 415
Stockton; tel. Grunt 1«S: expert, reliable help.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
tjee; all k'nei-. help. o!5 Stockton: ilain 51S*.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1007. BRADLEY/ & CO.. «40 Clay.
EMl'LOYMEXT WANTED — FEMALE.
RESPECTABLE woman, gocd cook, will do
some washing in private American family;
will go a short ways in the country; kind tu
children; with ref. 791 Folscm St., near 4th.
A LADY would like to cook for men or do
chamber wcrk a little, ways cut of the city.
Apply 315 Sutter ft., upstairs.
COMPETENT lady would like a piece as com-
panion for Invalid or r.urse for child, or
will go malii. llox 2917. Call office.
REFINED 'young lady will give services In
payment for room and Iwsrd. Box 2015, Call.
COMPETENT cook wishes position. Call at
2i'22 Bush Bt, near Devisadero.
A COMPETENT German lady would like work
by the day. Call at 12SA Eighth st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 623 McAllister st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1030
Valencia st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
BARBER. your.R man, wishes position even-
ings and Sunday morning; near Post and
liuchanan preferred. Box 2318. Call.
BARBER'S apprentice with a year's experi-
ence wants position to complete practice;
good shaver. I'.ox 2CS7. Call.
ENEHGRTIC stenographer with several years'
experience wants position, city or country.
Box 4703, Call.
LOCAL firms Jrslring Eastern representation,
address A. J. Co., box 2012, Call office.
SITUATION desired on good private place, city
cr country, by competent young man, 20,
Dane; oajjable taking care of line horses, gar-
den, and is a firM-class ciriv. 1 :"; references.
Hex 2t*5. Call office.
: A SITUATION wanted as handy man about
gentleman's place; good driver, milker and
gardener: handy with tools. Address box
2013. Call office.
SOUER. sternly man wants position in ware-
house or as helper on furniture wagon or
¦watchmi-n: best of references. A. R.. 14SI
Fifteenth st.
A BARBER wants situation. Address THEO.
WUESTEMANN, care Charles Tamm, 3t9
Bartlett St.. San Francisco.
A RELIABLE couple wish to take charge of
place at a monthly salary:, board theniseivea
and hire t!:e!r o-.vn help." T. S.. 77 Ninth st.
WANTED— Situation on private place as gar-
dener, horseman and driver; can run steam
hot water heater; references. Box 2CS1, Call.
WANTED — Sonic kind of light work, watch-
man preferred; can deprsit from $500 to $S0O.
IJox 2C77. Call office.
EXPERIENCED carr.et man, cutter, fitter and
layer, wartrs oositinn. city or country. Ad-
dress Box 2fl01. Call.
WANTED — Position as tinner and pipe fitter,
country. Box 785, Call office.
YOUNG Japanese boy wants situation as
schoolboy; can *i>eak cood English and
knows a little about cooking. Send me postal
and I will call. HARRY T. WAKIMOT.
420 Kearny st.
ADVERTISEMENTS. nutMKripttOtU received nt
Cell Branch office, ccr. Duncan & Church sts.
gACZAIi i
A — WRINKLES removed; fine complexion guar-
anteed, new method; .V>c. M. L''TON. manl-
'¦urinir parlors. 704 LarV: : n «t. : phnn^ Polk 17.
FINANCIAL.
FOR sale — Few thousand treasury stock large
corporation: pay !"• pr cent dlv. Cox 702. CM.
Kl'It.MTUUK XV A XTED.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 44fl2,
buys, rents, repairs. pack3 furniture, carpets.
HIGHEST priep for furniture and m-lse.. L. H.
BURD. auctloneer.lSIS Mkt.; tel. Howard 2750.
KIJATS "O Lfc/i 1 .
A— HOUSES and flats to l"t; an immense list;
service absolutely ivo; take advantage of
this department; it will save you time and
trouble. Corde3 Furniture Co., 215-23!! Geary
St., on the- square.
I AN elepant upper flat (2 floors); sun all day;
desirable location. 710 Hyde st.
FLAT to let, 5 rooms, gas and water. 339
Minna st.
ELLIS. 810. nr. Polk — For business purposes; 3
rms.: all conveniences: electric light, power.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
5-ROOM furnished new upper flat to let; new
furniture; bath; hot and cold water; modern;
for gentlemen. 221 Taylor st. • ¦
ELEGANTLY furnished S-room modern flat to
rent or sell; reasonable. 2307 Van Ness ave.
FLAT, 3 furnished rooms and bath, for house-
keeping. 1717 Webster St.: $22 50;' no children.
POLK. 1402 — Upper sur.ny fiat; bath and gas
free; ront reasonable, v
FLATS FOR SALE — FURNISHED.
FLAT of 0 newly furnished rooms; cause, de-
parture; rent $22 50. 315 Gouch st.
HELP WAXTED — FEMALE.
A LAUNDRESS for small family In. city, $30;
a nurse to travel to San Salvador, $25; a
chambermaid and seamstress for private
family In city. $30; a housemaid for email
family In Portland, Oregon. Call at MISS
PLUNKETT'S, 425 Sutter st, near Powell.
A YOUNG lady living with parents a« sales-
lady In candy store; no experience necessary;
$7 week. MRS. M. E. DAY. 351 O'Farrell.
WANTED — Experienced salesladies notion de-
partment-. STRAUSS & FROHMAN. 107
Pest »t. *!
WANTED — Thoroughly experienced wrappers.
PKAGER'S, Market and Jones.
i GtJOD finishers en vcets; also a machine girl.
| 'J41Vi Stevenson Bt.
WANTED — A girl fcr second work and wait-
ing. 1.1C7 Hyde st. .
GOOD girl general housework; adults; good
wages. 2115 Urodcrlck st.
HELP WAMKD — FEMALE — Con.
WANTED — Cook private boarding-house, $30:
cook, no washing. American lamlly, 535; 4
German cooks. $35; cook small sanitarium;
cock and se'.-t.nd girl, same house. $30 and
$25; 2 waitresses commercial hotel, country,
I'ars paid, $25; li waitresses, city, 525: wait-
ress, cafe, $8, day off: 2 nurse girls, $20 and
$25; 2.1 Rirls. Alameda. $25; general house-
work. $30; 4~2d girls. $20 and $25; chamber-
maid, wait one meal, .520 and $25; a large
numlitr of hots 'girls for city and country
places, too many to advertise. Apply to J.
F. CROSETT & CO., :J.:4 Sutter.
A — G:r!s to learn millinery now for fall season;
both seasons taught from start to finish in 1
month for $10; positions as trimmers, sales-
ladies, €tc, guaranteed at $10 per week up; I
day and evening class. 143 Stockton st, r. 13.
A — WANTED — Girls to learn hairdrcsslng,
manicuring, etc.; trade taugrht from A to Z
in 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
Eitions to fill Immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading school In
West. 233 Geary St., room 13.
A — LADIES to learn all branches halrdresslngr
traijc-; manicuring, massage, etc., 1236 Mar-
ket Ft, cor, Jones, room 04; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve. oless; call.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS; NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S
FACTORIES. 32>6 FREMONT ST. AND 1873
MISSION, NEAR FIFTEENTH.
WANTED — Younr girl for light cooking and
little washing; Email family: wages $25.
Call between U and 2 at 1705 Broderick st.
WANTED— A girl for general housework: fam-
ily of two. Inquire at store. 22 Second st.
GERMAN or Scandinavian girl wanted for
genera! housework. Call at ISIS Green st
| SECOND girl f or ; ?20~ 2210 Central
: ave. ; car fare paid.
A BOY or srlrl wanted to wait at table. Call
at 2 Sixth st.
WANTED — Girl for light housework; small
family. Inquire at 1424 Laguna et.
GIRL for second work. 2344 Sutter Bt.
GIRL for general housework In small family.
.'>}'.) Devlsadrro gt.
IMPROVERS and apprentice at fine dress-
making; good pay while learning. J. MON-
AIIAN. 411 Mason St.
WANTED — Mangle hands. The French Laun-
dry Co.. 3.172 Mission st,
BRIGHT, neat. Industrious boy or girl. 10 to
2<\ stenographer desiring to study law, for
law off.ee in country: wages fair. Address
box -20. Call. In handwriting.
COAT and sleeve iinncls: also operator- and
stock girl. MULRONEY. 110 Geary st.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes 6 p. m. Wednesday; salary no object.
CIGARETTE makers wanted: learners taken: i
steady work: Rootl wajvs. The John Boliman I
Co.. corner Front and Pacific sts. . I
GIRLS about 1.1 for factory work; good wages, j
Apply at once. AMES & HARRIS. 100 Sac- !
ramento s,t. • I
Wanted — Stenographer who can also play piano. !
Hoover Physical Culture, ls'!9 Fillmore st. ;
FIRST CLASS stenographers furnished". Mls«
M. G. Barrett. Instructor, 302 Montgomery-
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions receivecFat
Call Branch office, ccr. Duncan &• Church sts. |
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions-!
received at Call branch office, 22C0 Fillmore. ,
HELI* WAXTED MALE. «
A— PACIFIC^E^plioY^NT^AC;ENCY! j
r>-'<> — p'acramento st. — 520. '
Cor. Leidesdorft. Phone Main 1191. |
SHIP TO-NIGHT TO ;
CHICO BUTTE CO. CHICO.
HALF FARE. HALF FARE. I
ID teamsters. 2 horse, $2 25; 10 4-horse team- '
Eters. |2 50 .lay. TO-NIGHT. I
3 tunnelmen, half fare, SP.O anS found,
lit laborers, free fare, S. P. It. R. Co.'s '
work. NEVADA, i
COAL MINERS— OREGON— FREE FARE. !
SENATOR CLARK'S NEW R. R., UTAH.
1G0 laborer.*, s?. SALT LAKE CITY. ;
3 farmers, $;.*;» and found; 2 office boys, city; i
50 woodeheppera and tiemakers, all over, sVe j
us; 2 miners, r.i.rth. S75; 2 waiters, city j
hotel, $rio and found: buckman. mine. $00: !
butler, private family. $40 fcund; head j
waiter. $50 found, fare paid, hotel, north.
Call f.rd read our bulletin board. PACIFIC i
_EMPLOYMENT AGENCY, 520 Sacramento, j
WINDOW dresser and card writer, country !
ftore: teamster for mine, $1 40 day and
beard: tramstor, country store, see boss in
city: can washer. $40 and found; old man to I
care for place, $5 month and found; farmer
and wife. $45 and found; farmer; woodchop- I
pers. $1 50 a cord, and others. J. F. i
CROSETT & CO., C2S Sacramento 8t. |
JANITOR for institution, $40; cook and wife '
for mill crew about ?125: cook and helper,
country hotel. $S0 and found; oysterman, $40 ,
and board: waiter, country hotel. $30: por-
ter and junner. country. $30 and found;
kitchen man. country. *30 and found, and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. C2S Sacra-
mento st.
AT S F. Emp Bureau, 17 Fourth Bt — Labor- j
<rs and drillers, city. $2 25 day; 2 rough
carpenters, lumber company, $2 found; 10 1
lumber pliers, El Dorado County, $1 50 and |
found; Butte County. Diamond Match Co.. i
laborers teamsters and rockmen, office fee,
$K Call and see us. boys. New work. We
guarantee all of our positions. Dally pa-
pers always on file. S. F. Emp. Bureau;
phone Grant 26.
AT "E. & n." R. R. Labor Agency,
63S Commercial st.
Free Fare — Free Fare.
50 tunnel men. $2 50 to $3 day.
50 muckers and drillers, $2 to $2 50 a day.
1C0 laborers. $2 a day.
Long job; eight months' work.
Free fare — Ryndon. Nevada.
"E. & B." R. R. LABOR AGENCY.
. 638 Commercial at.
A COACHMAN for steady, nice place: $40 a'
month; see party here. MISS PLUNKETT, j
425 Sutter street, ¦ near Powell. !
A SECOND cook for Institution; $40. Call at
MISS PLUNKETT" S, 425 Sutter street, near .
Powell. :g.v»j5S j
A — HOTEL GAZETTE. 2fl Montgomery, r. 12. '
Cook, country. $70; cook, $C0. |
WANTED — A boy 14 to 10 years to work In
stockroom and learn dry goodn trade. Ap-
ply between t> and 11 a. m. HALE BROS.
j BARBER desires evening work. 1410 Larkin
st: call before 9, between 11 and 1 and
after 2 p. m.
j TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and.
$1 60 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 SO; we pay
express or mall cbrgs. 11 3d st. Exam. bid.
WANTED — For an Insurance office, bright boy
of 10. Box 2018. Call. ____,,
BARBER shop . for 8 ale. Call at DAVI$>
BROS.', 643 Kearny st.
A LUNCH waiter wanted. NE. corner of
Beale and Howard sts.
SHOEMAKER wanted. 305 Third st. !
WANTED — A man to take care of two horses.
Apply 110 Tenth st.
GOOD barber wanted- for two evenings and
Saturday of every week. Apply 519 Kearny.
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all femal-
complaints; instant relief guaranteed; 30
years' experience; removed to S28 Post st
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1C0SH Market st. opp. 5th.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office. 1018 Market st.
MRS. T>. ALLEN. 1 IIS Market— Reliable ladies"
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement: best medical care; low fees.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERB3;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market st.
DR. ROSEN resides 2305 Folsom St.. cor. 26th;
ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 319 Powell st, opposite
Union isquare: nil diseases cured by herbs.
MILLIXERY.
LADIES — 200 stylish hats to select from? lease
sold, must vacate February 1. 1904; save
meney by calling on MME. DOSCH. 207 Post.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOB SALE^
BOILERS, en«1nt». 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & "WOLPMAN. 195-137 Fremont st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair It with elattrite: in rolls easy to lay:
needs no painting or coating: good over old
Iron, tin <r shingrl-s; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pump*,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc.. bought, sold,
rented ar.d exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE M'CH'Y CO.. 130-133 Beale st.
FOR eale— New CO-ft. rasoHr.e launch with
modem 40-horser-ower engine end all extras;
good business; only ca?Ji sail considered. Ad-
dress G. B.. bcx 520. Sacramento, Cal. j
A — Fine suits. $7 50: dress pants. *2 50. Origi-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 238 Kearny st..
near Eush; open to S p. m. ; Sunday to noon.
A— $." CO DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearry St., n?ar
Pint: open till 3 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A-t-BUYS, .--elis or r-rus gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shrtftinir. pulleys.
*tc. fWHlTElAW. 2.*»:t-cr.5 Si>ear st.
TKY cur men's shoes at $1 and 51 50 pair;
foot-fcrm sho'.c at $2 CO; we pay express
rharpres. 11 .Id st. Exnzr>.. bid.; catalog, free.
A— 12- HORSEPOWER st^am engine; horizon-
tal; $S5. S. D. BURNS. ."IS Bush st
100.000 BRICK for sale. Inquire at California \
Housewreckirs. NYV. cor. Mission and 10th.
A VERY f.r.e diamond over 3 karats for 53.T3 |
at W. J. HESTHAL'P. 10 Sixth at. j
3, 6 AND 10 hp. gasoline enxtnea; 2d-hand; all
size*; new. E. li. HECK & CO.. 122 Market.
: NEW and second hand machinery of all kinds.
KROGII MNFC. CO.. BID Market «t.
SAFES— Now and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-123 Sacramento st.
! MOVING picture?, matlc lanterns, sale, rental;
i bargains. Bullard * Breck. 131 Post st
MILES of pl£M» and fittings: all sizes. EU-
GESE RILEY & SONS. 100 Vallejo Bt.
i MOVING picture film and sons slides. 109
Montgomery st
I SAFES — New and second hand. E. B. BECK
I & CO., 122 Mark-t st.
i • I
All bargains :cnmp stools and chairs jhammocks. ;
metal bcds,mattres^tf«.J.F.Hotter,712 Mission.
j K.iL-on phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture r.-.achlnes. films. Bacigalupi, 933 Mkt.
: GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
j a!l slzfs. J. E. DOAK. 4« Fremont st
ASK for prices nn second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. IIP Montg'y.
M1SCELLAXEOIS WANTS.
WANTED — Gent's ticket to Denver by dark,
• medium young mars. Box 2CS4, Call office.
; WANTED — Suppository machine, second-hand;
state price. Box 2015. Call office.
i I PAY highest oriccs for all kinds of cast-off
| clothing; send postal. MORRIS, S7O Folsom.
i BOOKS and libraries bousht. H. C. HOUUS),
111'.) Market st: phone Jessie a741. or postal.
I TILTON wsnta good second-hand clothing an«l
theatrical soods. 154 Oth St.; tel. Jessie 2>51.
! A HIG orice paid for s-a!skin»: send pesta:.
I 25 Stocktrji st. ; there Hush 4S4.
JIOAKY TO LOA.H.
AAA _ H £££ A ~ S ML'KHiX ~~
eOl-CO2-Ci\: Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointment.
t>ave expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
ter* sts in property purchased.
: Courteous treatment Strictly confidential. |
1 When You Need Money j
; See HERMAN MURPHY. j
! INTEREST REDUCED TO 5 PER CENT. !
DEAL DIRECT: SAVE EXPENSES. \
! I will Iran on Is-t, 2d and Ud mortgages. SAN i
j FRANCISCO. OAKLAND, TOWN. COUN- |
\~ TRY PROPERTY ar.d REAL E.STATt: In
I pn.bate; send full particulars of property; no
i answer otherwise. Hox 2ir>S. Call office. \
I ADVANCES on furniture and pianos without j
removal: to permanent salaried people en ;
' their note without security or knowledge of ;
t employer; lov.eft rates; no commission. NA- \
I T1ONAL CREDIT CO.. CS and tfj Donohoe |
1 buildlnr, 1170 Market ?t {
i HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain I
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at I
lowest rate?. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 816 |
Market st: tel. Main 1014. Branch. 19 Third. ;
i STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL LOANS on fur-
I niture. pianos cr to salaried people on their
! n<te; proper tre»tmtnt guaranteed. ILLINOIS
TRUST CO.. r. 1U. Phelan bid., tel. Main 704.
' MONEY loaned to salaried people, rttall mer- j
chants, teamsters, boarding-housei. without I
security easy payments: largest turine«s in j
j 4(! principal cities. Tolman, 553 Parrott bldg. j
! A— 1 per cent en furniture or piano: Da remov-
al, no commission, no publicity ;S'J3 up; quick,
private, confidential. 20 Montgomery, ra. 7.
! M. JACOBSBN & CO., room 021, Emma Spreck- j
I els Building, loans money en real estate and j
i all other securities; confidential: low rates. I
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 1C". Grant ave..
LOANS FROM ?1 TO $10.000. ¦¦¦ j
! MONEY to Iran en low Interest: gold, silver, j
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture; Indorsed notes and ether security. S. If.
Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
YOU can borrow more money on your furniture
than any other place In city: no commission.
«12 Parrott buil'linc; Dhone South (155.
OPEN Credit Ass'n. loans on salaries confiden-
tially; new.simple plan. Room 50. S10 Market.
ON personal and real property. E. W. LICK. !
ICC! Mutual Savings Bank bldg.. 70S Market.
I i
| MONEY loaned to salaried employes. G. W.
MILLER, room 74. 5th floor. Chronicle bids.
Z% ON furniture & pianos: $13 up; no removal.
j V. TREMAIN. room SI. C Eddy st.. floor 4.
i ALL loans on diamonds and jewelry 2 per cent
| mo. S. F, Collateral Lean Bank. f>« Kearny.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R.311, Mutual Sav.Bk.bIJ.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
I Inilorscr. MORELL. C09 Examiner bldg.
MUSICAL IXSTIICMEXTS.
ALL uprights on our bargain slate to-day —
Collard, VI5, Filsher, $5C: Sherman & Hyde.
¦ $100; Weber. $05; Kirr.bal!. ?M5: Mansfield &
Notni. $123; Haynes. $l.">0; American. $16.-.;
Checkering. ?H!7; Emerson, $172; Miller,
$175; 2 Stelnv.-ava, large and small size. $1M
and $2!>0; Heine, large style, slightly used.
f.'iSS. Hrnts $2 up, apply on purchase; In-
stallments $4 up. HEINE PIANO CO.. 230-
2o7 Geary st; Oakland branch. Fifteenth and
Broadway, oid P. O. Bldg. Largest exclu-
j rive wholesale and retail dealers of the Weat.
THIS AD IS OUR GREATEST EXPENSE.
We pay no r&nt. es we own the building.
The onlv rea«on we advertise is to let you
/ know we rent the best p'ano In the city for $i
'. p*r menth. Now we can sell you one Just the
i same. Our expenses are so very much less
than other firms, why not investigate cur prices
1 from C $75 r to $150 on a piano. SCOTT-CURTAZ
' PIANO CO.. 5>>0-62-&4 Hayes at
i WE do not advise the purchase of cheap pianos.
i as they are seldom satisfactory, but we have
• pianos at a medium price that can be guar-
i anteed to please the mo3t critical. Our best
, sellers are th» Behr Brca.. Baumelster and
i Schubert THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC,
CO., 7CS* Market st
A FINE lot of secord-hand uprights from $50
up. Including auch makes as Chlckerlngr.
Vose, Kroizer, Curtai, Klrkham. Pease,
Hardmiin. Marshall & Wendell, Baua and
1 ethers. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. IB O'Far-
j rell st. No branches In San Francisco.
BEAUTIFUL S-p*dtl Stelnway upright piano;
1 perfect order; sacrifice. KeeCe'a.285 O'Farrell.
A RARE chance; a Hornung Bros." upright;
little used; must be sold. 21K McAllister su
RARE chance; cash or payments; elegant high
grade upright 16 McAllister st.
I Unredeemed storage pianos and furniture dirt
I cheap. Whiteht-ad's Storage, 1C36 Market st.
SOHMER, Hyron Mauzy pianos. Cecllian piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post St.
SUPERIOR violins, xlthers. old and new. H.
1 MULLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
MUSICAL IXSTRt'-MEXTS Con. •
BAND instrumenta: F. Besson. Paris, maker;
Gus Maiwald. Azt. Pac. Coast. 27S O'Farrell;
skillful repairing: 2d-hand Instruments s->lrt.
OFFICEsTaXD STOREii TO LET.
FOR RENT— A good location for hardware
and plumbing; store is fitted up with shelving
for hardware with flat upstairs of 6 rooraj
and bath. 1S27-0 Union st. -\
STORE with large casement; below Kearny
st; rent $30. Apply 636 »*•• room »¦
riAXOS AXU OKCAXS.
PART of our list of bargains in *ec-on<l-haaci
pianos for September. 1'JUI:
Frice. Now.
1 SCHUMAN & SONS— ' ..
Walnut case, medium size, « l-->
octaves, three peclala. raised carved
panels, in good condition ?*" * 11 <»
1 RICHMOND —
Mahogany case small sl^e. r^.?s<l
carved canels. 7*1-3 octaves, three
pedals, slightly used, but in good
condition " 0O 1< *
1 SPENCER—
Walnut case, cabinet grand, en-
graved panels, three pedals, 1 1-3
octaves, good condition 325 1S9
2 HOWARDS—
Wainut cases, msdium size. 7 1-3
cctaves. three pedals, mandolin at-
tachments, good condition: each.. 300 1S3
1 MOLLENHAUER & BACH—
Walnut case, large size, raised
carved panels, three pedals. 7 1-3
octaves, in very good condition... 330 190
1 NEWMAN Br.OS.—
Walnut case, laxee size uprishf.
1 1-3 octaves, thoroughly renovatiJ.
equal to r.ew 330 200
1 LUDW1G & CO.—
Oak case medium size, raised
carved panels, 7 l-."> cctaves. thrao
pedals, good tone. In fine condition. 330 210
Complete list furnished on application at
our store. SHERMAN, CLAY * CO..
Corner Kenrny and Sutter iti.
PERSONALS.
ATTENTION. LADIES— ™~ ™~
To see is to believe; go and see the exhlbt-
tlor. at the Union Drag Store, cor. O'Farrell
and Stcckton its.: a living model with thn
wrinkles and bagclness removed from on«
side of the face a year ago by M. ELLA
HARRIS 3f 7SI O'Farrell at.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves its growth. stops falling, cures dandruff
and itching scalp: no «taln or stickiness;
cleanses sralp;at druggists', hairdressers'; ac-*
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 1338 Polk.
NOT how .cheap but how good Is the motto of
the manufacturers cf the Rapid Rotary
Standard the sewing-machine of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, agent. 1021 Market st.
PHYSICIAN. 15 years' experience, cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit. Call cr
nddress Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave..
corner Sutter st. ; fee moderate.
ELEGANT suits on easy Installments: BO cents
and up per week. LEON LEMOS. 1127
Market St.. bet. Seventh and Eighth.
DANCING Tuesday Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
day evgs.. Teutohla Hall. Howard st. nr.
Oth: Prof. Foster; society dancing taught.
LIQUOR habit cured. We guarantee to cura
the liquor habit In 2 days or no charges.
Acme Liquor Cure Co.. 997 Market, r. 202.
LESSONS given in manicuring: terms reason-
able. MME. H. EASTWOOD, room 702, Altr>
bldg.. cor. Eush and Kearny; ent. on Bush.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drugs <lls-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co..
1839 Polk st; consultation free -.call or write.
REMOVAL — DR. W. C. STRATTON has re-
moved his office from 225." Ml.'slon st. to
roorrs 57.1 and 574 Parrott bids (Emporium)...
; ¦ ¦
, Prof. Morris, hot porcelain tub baths, steam,
alcohol: ladles, gents: attendants: hand rub-
blnir treatment. 4% Geary, nr. Mason, h. 9-f>.
AT less than cost uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. Londcn
Tailor. 721 Market st. .
ANDERSON— Elesrant theatrical anrl masquer-
ade costumes rented. 2G O'Farrell st
SUITS to order on installments. $1 per week.
Neuhaus & Co.. merch.tailors. 727-729 Market.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Dr. & Mrs. Traverse. 1170 Market.
! THE best place to buy good umbrellaa or
| have them covered or repaired is 120 Stockton
1 TAILOR-MADE suit $7 ."O : dress pants $2 30.
Misfit Clothlnff Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupon;.
MASQUERADE costumes play books, w'.s;*.
country orciers. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 7" Mkt.
ALFREPITM'3 Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color: $1; a: all drugsist.v.
Superfluous hair and moles removed with elec-
tric needle. Mrs. & Mi«s Faton. 1119 Sutler.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Week'v
Call lfi pages, sent tr> any a<l>lre-'s In th»
United States or Canada one* year fir $1.
PALtllSTRY.
MME DEVAS — Scientific palmist a nd astrolo-
gtst. Palm readings *1; i QUESTIONS
FREE. Open Tuesday ev. also. 130 Po3t st.
II JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor st,. near Geary. Phone Black SCI.
I'AI'ERIIAXCIXC. PAISTIS-G. ETC.
ROOMS papered. *C 50 up: tinting, paintinsj-
Hartmar. Paint Co.. 319 3d st. ; tel. Main 41t.
PKYSICIAAS AXD SlUGEOSS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence.
1021 Market St.. bet. Cth and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073 'j Market st.
REMOVED — DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor.
treats all diseases of the human body: for
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at C>;7 Geary st. near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CI1Y. successor to Dr. LI Pi
Tai. herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
CH. H. C. WONG. 719 Post St.; all dlaeisej
cured by Chinese herbs; consultation free.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 74C-8 Clay st.
PROS O«AL9.
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau of
Supplies and Accounts. Navy Department.
Y/ashington. D. (.*., until 12 o'clock nuon,
November 24. 1W5, and publicly opened Im-
mediately tliereafttr. to furnish at the navy
yards. Man Island. Cal.. and Puset Sound.
Wash., a quantity of hawse pipes, warping
chocks, electric blowers and exhausters, gen-
erating sets, arc lamps, conduit, wire, elec-
trical supplies, bolts and nuts, copper rivets.
washers, corn brooms, paint brushes, feather
dusters, oakum, steel cable, window glast?,
coaling baskets, steel wire and copper naiU.
miscellaneous hardware and hand tools, flies,
machinist's sets, lampwlck.' pump and rig-
ging leather, ash. Oregon pine boanla and
piles, Spanish and Port Orford cedar, mahos-
ar:>\ sugar pine, cherry, walnut, oak. teak.
poplar, spruce, hickory, laurel, locust. re;l-
wec.cl. flr. bar ircn, pig lead, galvanised shee:
steel, bar steel, gum and flax packing, gar-
den hosa. paints, whito ar.d red lead, linseed,
cylinder ant! lard oil. alcohol, turpentine, da-
rriar. asphaltum and paraffin varnish, bronz-
inc liquid, pitch, tar. nitric and sulphuric
; acid, borax, pipe fitting.", gauge glasses. bra?s
and iron pipe, valves, pepper, cocoa, mustard,
beans, sa't beef, salt pork, raisins, dumping
tubs, divins apparatus., blank books, pencils,
pens. Ink. tvpewrlter paper, toilet paper. mt<i
I cel'anecus st^tiorte'y. can, lies, raindry, castile
ard salt water soap, sapolio. and cotton
waste. Blank pf"ODOf«als will be furnished
upon application to the Navy Pay Offlcei,
' San Franrlsco. Cal., and Seattle. Wash. If.
T. B. HARRIS. Paymaster General U. S. N.
:/. ... - 10-21-03
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.: furnitur-.
household goods stor»<l. moved, shipped. 72.V
731 Howard st, near Third; phone. Grant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLrH Storage & Moving Co.. of-
fice Post and Powell sts.; tel. Prive. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave. ; phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made; 840
Mission st : tel. Howard D41. F. W\ Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Ptcrago and Furniture Movlnsr Com-
pany. 2320 Fi'.Imore st. ; phone Jackson 2S1.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
st.: tel. Main 1.^40. Shipping at cut rates.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS^ We
sell better machines for less money than any
house Jn the city : rentals J1. The Typewriter
Exchange. 53fi California: telephone Main 26«.
A FEW good typewriters at $.10 each: get par-
ticulars. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery Bt.
2D-HANT> typewriters sold, rented, repaired^
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co.. 508 Market
TO LEASE.
FOR rent— One blacksmith shoi> a^d~Tool!f;
good stand at Bonnville. Cal WATER-
KOUSE & LESTER, it; Beale st.
DIVIDEND NOTICES. k
DIVIDEND notice — The Giant Powder Co..
Con.— A dividend. No. 3f>. of fifty cents (50c)
per share on the Usued capital stock of the
company has been declared payable at th<»
office of the company, rooms 202. SM and
208 Hayward bldg.. San Francisco on No-
vember 10. 1903. Transfer books eh>«« No-
vember 3. 1903. at noon. C. C QU1MN. 3«c
] BCSIXBSS CHANCES— Con tinned.
' ALUM iN CM — The metal of the future: a new
I process for its production discovered by which
the company now forming will control the
I markets of the world: we are offering a small
allotment of stock at public subscription;
I etnd for prospectus and Darticulars; the
I opportunity of a lifetime. I. MAYER & SON.
| 459 Mermod & Jaccard bldg., St. Louis, Mo.
FOR sale — Cheap; grocery store, fixtures, safe,
etc.; formerly owned by Fltzpatrlck & Ward:
well stocked; old-established business; good
opportunity; southwest corner of 24th and
¦ Ehotwell sts. Apply D. A. CURTIN. room
24. third floor Mills building.
j J 250— RESTAURANT; central. Fifth St.. near
' Mission: 3 living rooms above: rent $33; es-
! tablished 20 years. 823 Mission st.
! WANTED — A person with 51000 to start an en-
terprise. W. B. Eastin. 26 Montgomery st.
; BAKERY for sale at 1M0 Church *t.; good
business: all store trade; owner going East
i PARTNER In first-class saloon. Inquire at
1*08 Howard «t
LOD.GI\G-HOIJSES FOR SALE.
j GOOD chance— f.'.'O; furniture of 8 rooms,
boarding and loclging house; all full. 1031
McAllister. !
j DOWNTOWN furnished house of 9 rooms for
sale cheap. Inquire fifS Geary st.
j griRrrPALiSM.
MRS.' CLARA U. MYERS, psychic, of New
York City Is fonrcinK classes for occult stud-
ies and development: Men., Wed.. Fri. 8 p.
m. ; trance reading daily. 10 to 5. 1752 Sutter.
PROF. Fre<j P. ilvans. noted psychic for slat«-
wrltir.K and clairvoyance: stamp Jor circular.
1112 Eddy St.. nr. Oetavia; phone Scott 8S7.
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 Ellis, readings dally.
fl:3o tn 4: «e?noes Sunday and Thursday.
j ¦
i CLAinVOYAXTS.
MY Regular $3 Readings This Week far
SI $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 Jl !
I'P.OFEPSOR PAUL DESTINE.
Th» First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and j
Pa 'mist Ever in Son Francisco. ;
I do hereby solemnly apree and guarantee j
1 to make no charge if I fail to t'-Il you your i
j r.fcme. orruixitlon and what you called for;
! I promise m tell you whether husband, wife
| cr sweft heart is true or false; I tell you
I whom and when you will marry; in fact, I
! v.ill tell you even* hope, fear or ambition
! better than you can tell yourself: I lm] row
i your character so that you Will reach the
; hichest possible developmTit in mental vigor,
• health. hr.j pincss and capacity to earn
[ wt-alth: si you will live happy and cor.tentoJ I
1 the rest of our life. Hour* 10 n. m. to 8
j p. m. : Sundays. 2 to S. 326 O'r'arrell St., ..2(5.
j MME M. HERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third ft, next Examiner
blclg- ; she reads your life correctly, gives stn
I accurate description of the past, reveals the
| present happeninss an<] portrays events to
' occur In the future; if ycu »r* in trouble,
i discontented or not satisfied in life, or have
domestic, love or business troubles, consult
this great medium and you will be told how
to overcome them: valuable advice in all af-
fairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction guaran-
I teed; readings by mall. Tel. Black 45G».
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
st, cor. Turk; private readings daily, 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m. : readings by mall as satisfac-
tory as in persm: ;> questions answered, ?1:
j full life. $5; send lock of hair, date and year
of birth: don't send currency. Send pMtutflce,
We;!>;-Fargo miney order cr registered l-tt«-r.
1 A— MME. POHTEP.. ecientifi.- clairvoyant and
card reader, born with a iloublo veil and sec-
ond sight: tells the past, preepr.t and future;
ladies. r>Oc; gents. |1; by cards, palmistry
and clairvoyant sitting: $1 50. 12C Turk st.
j MRS. A. H. Kror.enberg. palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader, will g:\e a pood reading. 10c. for
a ;-hort t'me <tIv: when others fail try m«- to
convince yourself. 721 Franklin, near Turk.
; MSIE. LEE. palmistry and clairvoyant; hours
0-5; evenings and Sundays by appointment;
readings .'Ar. «C5 Larkin st.. rooms 17 & 18.
! A — Mm^. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given; 25c up. A 4th st.. near Market.
TEST medium, clairvoyant, card reader; names
given; 2r>c and 50c 1ih;n Harrison ft., nr. fth.
MME. ZEREDA. medium ar.d card leader; la-
dies 23c, g*-nts Wfcj. 28 7th st, r. 5; no sign.
I MME. MARSEAU— Clairvoyant, card reader;
ladies 2.V. gents 50c: hrs., 1 to I). 545 Minna.
; MME. U1IAU, wonderful palmist; card read-
er; 25c. oOc. 520 Jores st.; hours 1-9 p. m.
I OLDEST lady pilmtet and card reader in city.
2<P 2 Kearny. room 20; ladies 25c; gents r>Oc.
j PAUTIIENA. sifted clrUr., .lust from East;
wonderful prophetess. 507 Tost St., nr. Mason.
¦ MISS WARD gives naracf, dates and facts;
hours 10 to 9. 413 Mason St.; no sign.
i MRS. SHAFErt. clairvoyant, card reader: sit-
tings da:!y. HSH Jessie st. bet. 5th and Cth.
CAIU'ET DEATHG AXD CLEAMXO,
', ~AIK cumiires^d, dry, ice ecld. is now univer-
Fally need sanitary cleaning caruets, on
floor, without removal or injury: prices mo.l-
erate. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call bid.: phone Main 52:JT.
•: WHEN you berorce disgusted with your work
Fer.d for SPAPLPIXG'3 Pioneer Cari>et-beat-
inz V.orks, "r3-:;'7 Tehama st. : tel. South 40.
j WESTERN Carpet CWnii!g Works. 1S09 liar-
rtmoq st.: Al cleaning; 3c; tel. Mission 225.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co., J. McQueen.
proprietor. :52O Guerrero st. ; tel. Mission 4:).
ADVANCE CarrK-t Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
•~1. M.i in V,'M. GEO. WALCOM A CO.. Props.
j RUDOLI'H & CO.. earpet-b'-ating works: prices
reasonable. 170.". Harrison ?t. : tel. Mission 263.
I CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
3S.t Golden Gate ave. : telephone East 12t'..
collection; OFFICES.
; BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO- 4i.1 Mnr:gornen\ rooms 0-10: tel. 55S6.
' cottaJes t<> letI "
( C<5TTAGE cf 5 rooms, furnished. 1100 Ala-
j ba ma st.
CESDIT CLOTZIES3.
'¦ C. P. ADAMS CO.
SPECIAL CREDIT STORE.
We clcthe the whole family from hats to
shces; everythlry; up to <l;ite at cash prices.
¦>ertu for all ?,18 Mason tt.
DEXTISTS.
I DR. GRCSS. MM-5-C Callaghan bldg.. Market
and McAllister sts.. uses the Basford Ob:un-
dor. the only device ever invented for grind-
ing, drilling and excavating teeth absolutely
without pain. For demonstration and proof
c-all at offlce.
I DR. LUDLUM HILL. 144M Market. nr.EIeventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old t.lates made ever like new; teeth
from $S por set: extract Ins. K*j sas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crown. $'; 50; fillings, 50c;
plates. $.": full *et;all work painless and v%'ar-
rantcd. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
! PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kecrny, cor. Busr—
Set te«-th $1 50 uti; crowns ?2 up; fillings. 2.")C.
; GOLD fillings. 75c; silver. :»5c; crowns. ?2; no
pain; open Sunday. Dr.O.B.H*?wltt,204 Sutter.
UKESSMAKEHS AXD SKAJlsTllKSSU.'*
ACCORDION sunburst & knife r*altlng. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory 110 Taylor.
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
— Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market.
UUl'CATIONAL.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST. S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches; day
and night sessions; Illustrated catalogue free.
HINMAN'S Academy: a thorough school of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk St.,
between Pine and California; both adult and
children's classes are new open for the season.
AYRES. the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket st; special summer course In all depart-
ments; handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
Bhlp. $50; day and evening sessions.
CALIFORNIA Business College, .ioal^arkln st
"A thorough school"; positions secured for
gru.luatts; modern methods; Individual ln-
stractlon. Write for Illustrated catalogue.
j THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and medical colleges;
ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
eor; day and evening gesglorus. Phelan bldg.
THE PAUL GERSON School of Acting, the
foremost institution of the kind in the entire
«est; t 12 teachers: send for catalogue Native
Sons' bldg.. 4^4 Mason s.t
A— SAN FRANCISCO Business Colle R « 1236
Market st. — Practical, progressive, reliable;
cay and evening sessions.; write for catalogue.
DANCING Tuesday. ThursdayTsaturday San-
day evg F .. Teutcnla Hall. Howard st. nr.
I Pro^^Fofter; society dancing taught
ENGINEERING-Ic7v"lTrTl"cc7~min.. mc7-h7~sur".
vey *«fay. cyaniOe; day. eve.;--t. 1MU. Van
Per NaMien School. li:{ Fuiton. nr. City Hall.
HF.ALn-R School «.f Mines & ElectrTc7rvr^n>c7t
St.. S. F. : n practical school of engineering;
complft* equipment. Special catalogue free.
;j GOLDEN Gate Coni'! Co'.l-jte." *K» Golden "oata
. ,avf.;.full burtr.cfs row*t; day and evening.
{ schooi; <JK :V.t.l-sti-:.\t:cn.*"....ijj > - on i
] rARTINCTCN'S. 421 i'.ne «t N'l s ht c!asi.
THE^CALL
JOHN P. SPB.ZCKEI.S. Proprietor.
lEiiress ccnismaUEiis id I0H5 KcKADGHT, Manager
TELEPliONE.
Atk for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect Tou With the Department You Wish.
Publication Office Market and Third. S. T.
Editorial Rooms 217 to 31 Stevenson »t
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Cts. Per "Week. 75
Cte. Per Mor.th. Single Copies 5 Cents
Tem-.s by M?il. Including Postage <Cash with
Order) :
DAILY CALL finclud. t"unday>. 1 year.. .$$.00
DAILY CALL (includ. Sunday). 6 mos... 4.00
DAILY CALL — By Single Month 5e
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Tear - ¦•»«
WEEKLY CALL, 1 Year ¦} fl °
Daily js SO Per Year Extra
FOREIGN J PundaV.'. 4.15 Per Y-ar Extra
POSTAGE. iJ£3S£: i.ob £lr Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECLIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Earrple Copies wi:i be forwarded when re-
Quested.
Mall BUbtcribors in ordering change ?f«J:
&m>e rhouid be particular to give both NF.H
AND OLD ADDRESS tn order to Insure a
prompt and correct compliance with their re-
QOCSL
OAKLAND OFFICE.
1118 Broadwar Telephone Main ..083.
BERKELEY OFFICE. .
214S Center ?tr«?et Telephone North 7«
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
HORTON E. CRANE 1406 G Street. N. W.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
WalcVrf-Artoria Hotel: A. Brentano. SI
frlon Pcjuare: Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-ave-
cue Hotel and Hoffman House.
CTIICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great
Northern Hotel; Tremcnt House; Audltoriuaa
Hctel; Ptlir*r House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS....Marquette Build g
CLong Distance Telephone. "Central 2619. >
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
ETEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner Market and Third strrets: open
cctll 12 o'clock ever>- r.isht In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
K7 Moi.tgcrnery etreet corner Clay; open un-
til 9:20 o. m.
800 Hayes etreet: open until 8:30 p. rn.
CS> McAllister etreet; open until »:S0 p. m.
*15 Larkln street: open until 9:30 p. in.
1MI Mission rtreet; open until 10 p. m.
22C1 Market street corner Sixteenth: open
urti 1 9 c. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 8 p. ra.
1096 Va'.ece'.a street; open until 9 p. m.
Northeast comer Church and Duncan streets;
open ¦until 8 o. ra.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second ana
Kentucky ttreets: open until 8 p. ra.
r2iVi Fillmnre street: or>en until 0 V- m-
MEETING >OTICES.
CALIFORNIA Council of Kadosh W-SfH
No. 7, A. and A. S. R.. C25 Sut- |Bil H
ter et. — Called meeting THISff IB I Tg
i WEDNESDAY) EVENING a t. jfeHSffiSfl
S o'clock. Thirtieth dngTee. All y^rt; — Jj|
Knights Kadosh cordially in- -* j|Sl
vlted. StaT.
F. B LADD. Preceptor.
CHAS. JULLINEK. Recorder.
CALIFORNIA Council No. 2. R. and CJ^
5 ML. will me«>t THIS i\VEH>E?- XJv
1'AY) EVENING. Nov. 4, at 8 o'clock. /V\
for business and degrees. By crdtr
. of tbe T. I. M.
FRANKLIN EL DAY. Recorder.
MOUNT MORI AH Lodge No. 44. F. and Cl
A. M. — Officer** and members are re- JtyT
rpectfully n.-<2U*-sTcd to assemble at/v\
the Xernr-le THI? DAY. at 7:30
o'clock a. m., for the purpose of attending
the ob«»i;ui«?s of our :ate brother, WILLIAM
YORK. I3> of the W. M.
THEO. FROLICH, Secretary.
MOUNT MOr.IAH Lodge No. 44, F. and m
A. M— Stated meeting THIS >£V
(\VEDNE£L>AYi EVENING at 7:30 /V\
o'clock. THEO. FROLICH. Sec.
CROCKETT IvV!;:' Nr>. J39, K. and A. ©
M.— Stated meeting THIS (WEDSES-VY
DAY* EVENING at 7:3u o'clock. By /V\
order cf t'.*e W. M.
R. H. McPHERSON, Secretary.
liX'TELSIQR Lodge No. ICC. F. and A. n
M. — Stated mefftins and third d»Kree
THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVENING at /V\
7:30 o'clock. H. J. OVTEX. Sec.
MORSE L^lre No. 257, I. O. O. .-i^^VVc.
F.— Initiation THIS (WEDXE.--
DAY) EVENING. Nov. 4. All
_ mpmbers are requ^st-d to be «S8W°
present. Visitors curdially invited.
W. 11. FELDCAMP. N. G.
C. BRIND, BeoonUcs Secretary.
EXCELSIOH LODGE No. 330. I. v»-^5T : "'-
O. O. F-— Bro. JAMES A. I'Ali-S^sSSSs
ISEK died at his re*:deneo. 2215 -=H";<25£*^
<"f-ntra! j_vc-.. Alam^Ja. Monday. «MS3P'
November 2. Funeral WEDNESDAV, No-
td&ber 4, rrom his late r^Kid.r.c- at 2 p. m.
H. II ANNA Y, N. G.
M. F. HAWKINS. Becordl&Z Sec.
NATIONAL Unior., Califor- f,>gBaag»»-»v
NIGHT at Pioneer Hall, ¦¦'¦¦*"^Qfc
F >urtli st., at J> o'clock.
Visitjnp frifnds cordially Invfted; initiation.
By order. E. A. M. GILUERT. Prtsident.
C. H. VAN OIIDEN, i?. crttary.
ETOCKHOLDERS* meetlac — The annual m<>et-
ir.2 of th«- Union Ice <"ompany will be held
at the office of the cr.mi.any, 324 Pine st..
San Francisco, on WEDNESDAY, Nov. 18,
l»03. at tf:15 p. m., for the purpose of e!<»c»-
ing a rK>ard <»• directors to rcrve for the
ensuing year and for the transaction of such
olh'-r busin-:rs as may i.-ome before the
r^eting. C. K. MELROSE, Secretar>".
November 4, 19o:j.
ATTUll\KVS-AT-LA\V. ~~
ADVICE FREE. ~
OLD ESTABLISHED.
COLUMBIAN LAW i: COLLECTION AGENCY
Able attorneys. Itm. Hi. !»1«J Market, opposite
Emporium. BaJ tenants ejected Ept-edlly and
reat-onabiy. Oj'.lectlcns, no matter how small,
attended to; attachments; bonds furnished; cor-
porations organized; civil and criminal practice.
Tel. John G22U. Open evenings by appointment.
We tollcit an interview with you.
THE LEGAL ADVISORY. Ir.e"
Practice In Federal and all State courts.
Attachments, divorce, mining, bankruptcy,
prosecutions, adjustments, corporations, pat-
ents, estates, probate.
Experienced and Reiiable Attorneys Engaged.
Advice guaranteed. Correspondence solicited
611. MIA. 511 B Crossley Bldg. TH John 2»L'«.
N. E. Cor. New Montgomery and Mission Sts!
ADVICE FREE. ESTABLISHED 22 YEARS
Divorces a Specialty. Private. Quick.
NO PAY UNLESS SUCCESSFUL
G. W. HOWE, Atfy-at-Law,
1122 Market St.. between Mason and Taylor
Nearly opposite "Hale's" Dry Goods Store.
ROET. W. KING. atty-at-Iaw. Examiner bid.,
room 611; all cases, damages, estates, wills
attachments, collections, etc., consultation
free; no advance charges; call or write-
evenings by appointment Tel. Red 3G01. "
ADVICE free — I will advance cost in meritori-
ous cases, divorces, probate and all other law
cases; no fees In advance; open every even-
ing. J. M. THURSTO.V, 819 Market St.. r. 31.
ADVICE free— I will advance costs In all cases
of merit: no advance charges, no fee unless
euccessfu:. E. J. BANKS, Examiner bulld-
ing. third floor.
DIVORCE costs $12; open evenings; tenants
Qectefl. ?5. »1C Market r. C2. phone Black C51.
A. M. EWING — Attorney-at-law. Room Cl*
Parrott building; phone South C55.
DIVORCE— Costs, $ 12; quirk, <jutet; open even-
lr.pg. D27 Market Et. room 301.
L. E. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg. 927 Mar-
ket et; consultation free; no fee« in advance.
A l T . KEN \.£ AITKEN *. attorneys, rs. 3C3-10-H
Clunle bldg.. 003 California gt.; tel. Main 727.
N. TEMPLE, atty-at-law. 03 Chronicle bldg.-
commissioner for oathe. England and IrelanJ.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful- all
law bucln-fn. W. W. Davld«on. P27 Market
BLSIKESS CUAACES^
$1400— HOTEL with good bar trade In good
country town near Oakland. P. C. LASSEX
6 CO.. 466 Tenth at.. Oakland. Cal.
{1400 — OLD established bakery and coffee sa-
loon In Alameda County; all complete "p c
LASSEN & CO.. 466 Tenth st, Oakland. Cal!
LEAVE overcrowded occupations; learn to
teach physical culture, boxing, fencing; if
unable to call we teach by mall. Chicago
Athletic School. 240 Michigan ave.. Chicago.
PARTNER with three hundred dollars to eiil
gage Jn practical ehow enterprise. Address
box 26SS. Call office.
FOR eale — A restaurant; on account of *ick-
new. S2 Eighth et
FKUIT store for sale. 1315 Stockton.
J7B0 DELICACT store; select rooming dis-
trict; 2 living room*; owner called away.
Box 760. Call office.
FOR eale— Restaurant and oyster house. 10S
Seventh at; going In another business.
wjn sale Half Interest first-class fruit store;
owner r*tlrli!«. Box 26S3. Call.
HELP WAXTED MALE Continued.
A— MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay at.
Phone Main 5348.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
1902 we gave 1003 we'll give
45.000 men work. 60.000 men work.
ARIZONA
ARIZONA
OREGON. NEVADA.
Southern Pacific and Santa Fe systems; free
pass.
On Every Train.
Section hands, muckers, drillers, extra gangs,
teamsters, hammersmen.
Farm and orchard hands, $30, $35, $40, fd.;
milkers, $30* to $50, found.
Stablemen, city, country jobs, $30 to $60. |
365 woedchoppers.
2S7 tiemakers.
Cooks. Waiters. Porters.
Cooks, hotels, restaurants, camps, mines and
ranches, city and country, ?30 to $70 found.
Walters, city and country, |2o to $15 found.
Butchers, different Jobs, $40 to $90 found.
Located Everywhere.
Laborers and teamsters, city and country,
many In San Francisco, $2 25.
ii slack coopers, 9c; 5 cabinetmakers.
MURRAY & READY. 634-C30 Clay st
SPECIAL. ~
Cheesemaker and milker, country, $40 found.
Grocery clerk. $C0.
Blacksmith and tool sharpener. Arizona, $4.
Old man as baker, institution, $25 and fd.
'.) pruners, orchard, $26 and found.
Furniture man, packer and shipper, $2 50.
2 spool tender*.
5 house painters, $3 day.
FOREMEN.
2 track foremen, RR. sawmill, $50 found.
Stableman, bakery, <S horses, $20 found.
6 mae!ilne miners, $90.
Cook ar.d wife, mlnr?, 20 men, $40 found.
Cook and wife, lumber company, $80 to $100
and found.
Dairyman and wife, $50 and found.
Chorcman and wife, 5 men, $40 and found.
Married farmer, $40 and found.
Married milker, $40 and house.
Farmer and wife, Colvsi County ranch, $50
ar.d found.
MURRAY & READYL. B34 and C36 Clay.
. — — — _ .
A YOUNG MAN ABOUT 17 YEARS OF AGE
TO LEARN PRESSING IN OUR PANTS i
DEPARTMENT. STANDARD FACTORY, i
COR. GOUGH AND GROVE STS. |
, _ i
WANTED — For U. S. army, able-bodied, un-
married men, between apes of 21 and :'«5, citi-
zens of United States of good character and
temperate habits, who can speak, rt-ad and
write English. For Information apply to Re-
cruiting Ofllcer. Rlalto building, New Mont-
gomery St.. San Francisco, or Masonic builci-
Ing, Sacramento. Cal.
WANTED — A refined, intelllgjnt boy. about 17
years of a-re, to act as office boy; must be
bright, hon?st and well recommended; an ex-
ceptional opportunity for right boy. Call J.
S. BOGART. 21(> Bush st, room .•;.¦*, between
the hours of 3 and 5 o'clock.
A NEAT young man to help around hotel. 1143
Harrison st.
WANTED — A Japanese to make hlmsM* use-
ful around store. 1! O'Fr.rrell st.
, BARBERS — 2-cha!r shop for sale. 8j1 Valencia
street.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 per pair, foot-form shoes at $2 50. or
orthopedic shoes. $3 oO;best *hoes on earth. 11
Third st.. Exam bldg.. 5 doors from Market
MANAGER wanted at once to represent and
advertise an old established house of solid
financial standing; salary $20 weekly; ex-
penses paid in advance each Monday by check
direct from her.dquarters; permanent posi-
tion and good chance for advancement; good
references and security , required. Box 271,
Sacramento. Cal.
WANTED — An experienced, reliable clerk fcr
liquor store; good wages and prospects for
right party; applicants give age, experience
and references from former employers. Ad-
dress S. M.. box 520. Sacramento, Cal.
WHY pay big prices to have your shoes half-
sclcd when you can get It done for 25c. 50c
ar.d COc. while you wait nt 563 Mission st,
etb. 1st and 2d sts.. or llThlrd St.?
WANTED— For U. S. Marine Corps. able-
bodied unmarried men. between 21 and 35;
good character; must speak, read and write
English; marines serve at s»a on men-of-
war in all parts of the world, on land in our
island possessions, and at n:ival stations In
the United States. Apply at recruiting of-
fice, 40 Ellis «t. San Francisco. Cal.. and
401 K fit. Sacramento. Cal.
MEN to learn barber trade; only S weeks re-
quired: special ofTer this month; catalogue
and full information mailed free. MOLER
SYSTEM COLLEGE. 035 Clay st
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, has
added 1C0 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third 3t. ; 250 rcoms: 25c to 50c per night.
PENSION ATTY. M. HARRIS. 10 Ellis St.: 1*
years' practice; references from thousands of,
persons fcr whom I have secured pensions.
MEN to learn the barbrr trade; flrst-clnss In-
structions guaranteed. 611 Commercial st.
WANTED — First-class conCectionpr on cakes;
good salary; state referer.c-s. Box 200S, Call.
WANTED— Oyster man. 400 Seventh St.. Oak-
land. .
DARrr.R shop wanted In cood country town.
, Box CC07. Call office.
DRIGHT, reat boy wanted in wholesale hard-
I war;- house; Bcx 2010. Call office.
j FIRST-CLASS porter at 152 East St., the Mono-
gram.
j ACTIVE boy of 16 or 18 for wholesale house.
| Box 775. Call.
j COATMAKER for country. Apply REISS
j BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st.
SAILORS and ordinary >eam«?n for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 2fi Steuart st
I BARI'EP. shop for snle; 2 hydraulic chairs.
I Address box 1 14. Tuba C:ty.
• McDONALD & PERRY have a large rlorW of
i new and second-hand sho*^; cheap. 23tf"33" st.
I MEN to lrarn barber tmde; catalogue mailed.
| S. P. Barber School. 741A Howard st.
I PENSION atty. E. A. Bullls. room 40. Pfc-lsn
I i hldg. Past Com. Geo. 11. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
| WINCHESTER Hotel, It Third St., near Mar-
I ktt — "CO rooms. 35c night: reading rooms;
| free 'bus end baggage to anil from ferry.
! ADVERTISEMENTS, pubscriptions received at
I Call Branch dffloe. cor. Duncan & Church sts.
I . ___— _—
! ALL sizes men's SROes; slightly damaged, half
pric^. ."<>{ Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
' GET vour sho^s half soled while waiting; 25c
I to Tit*. 5'!3 M'rslon St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
: IIOKSUS AM) \VAGO.\S.
• HARNESS and saddles, the her-t for the money,
¦ at JEPSEN BROS. CO.. Inc.. the big store,
! 1145-1147 Market St.. San Francisco.
| SELLING out — 20 horses, 30 wagons,' surrles,
i buggies and carts, 40 sets harness. Corner
1 Fllteenth and Shotwell sts.
TWELVE horses for sale at Twentjvsecond and
i Florida Bts.
. r\VO-TON express wagon, cheap; fine saddle
donkey. $20. Tit City Hall ave.
i MUST be sold at a sacrifice; 5 goods horses. 327
: sixth st.
Al EXPRESS wagon. light camping wagon
and gocart for sale cheap. 532 Mission st.
Largest assortmt 2-hand wagons, buckb'd. sur-
rfy. harness, wqrk.clrlvlnc horses. 15th-Valencia
HOUSES TO LETi
| A — PRIMED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSBN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
I .
I
; A— HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-25U Geary
et.. on the tquare.
HOUSE of G rooms, hath, gas and large yard.
1011 Laguna st: keys 1620 Laguna st.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Post St.
UOUSKS Kl.lt.\lJ>Hi:i) KOK SALK.
11-ROOM furnished house, full of roomeis;
! price $400. 217 Second £t.
• LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — November 2, on California tt., near
Front, a check on the Bank of California
I for $335 drawn and Indorsed by us, payable
: to our own order; payment stopped. Reward
j on return of check to J. M. CURTIS & SON.
I . : 123 California at.
LOST — A pass book with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of J. F. RILEY or SARAH RILEY,
No. 170-322. The finder will please return
to bank^
LOST— Sunday morning, brown hunting dog
(setter — Spaniel), white on breast and white
tips on feet: answers name "Tip." Return
to F. ARGENTI, 2P.44U, Mission; reward.
LOST — A pasa book with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco In the
name of ELLA J. BATTEN. No. 277-1292.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST — Marriage certificate. Finder return to
160 Fourth St.. room 4. and receive rsward.
FOUND — Red pocketbook: owner can have
I same by applying Cliff House office.
FOUND — Geld diamond set locket. Apply of-
- flee Cliff House.
•IT will pay to "Remember" that. the California
Watch Ca»e Co.. 220 ' Sutter st.. peed* old
sold and silver to make new watch. cases.
It's good as money in the bank, •
To put a Want Ad in the Call;
Because this paper holds first rank.
Returns therefrom are never small.
As v/ith fi hank 3"cYu want to know
Your money's safe and Interest sure,
So when to us your Want Ads go
'Tie certain great -good will enure.
Thus if you'd sit in fortune's lap,/
Let us your Ads print — verbum gap.TO SAIL
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Steamer. For. f Sails.
Al-Kl Skagway & Way Ports. Nov. 4
Dlrlgo Skagway & Way Ports. Nov. -6
Bertha Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Nov. 7
Valencia Skagway & Way Ports. Nov. 7
Dolphin Skagrway & Way Ports. Nov. 7
City Seattle... Skagway & Way Ports. Nov. 13
Santa Ana.... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Nov. 10
Steamer. From. ~\ j Du».
Empl'f Coos Bay [Not ~4
S. ItetUara Seattle & Olympla INov. 4
l*-*"ili- : Fuis^t Sound Ports Nov. 4
i_Arc*l** ; HumbolJt JNov. 4
I'Ito« nix ...... ] Merdocino ............ INov. 4
Core na. 1. 1 'San Pedro Nov* 4
Ch*ba!Jti ; ftan Petlro jNov 4
Cer:;:niin • Oray-i Harbor !No\\ 4
Pdmi**.JI. .. . I Kumboldt INov. 4
Ban T •:• j N«-v,- Tork via Panama. (Nov. 4
Allia:. ••..;*..} Portland & Way Ports. Nov. 5
Mlnoout. ..... j Tacoma ,. ; Xov 5
CM«1»C ! Portland & Astoria Nov S
RJv»l "...tWlUapa Harbor Nov. 3
TtMlts j Oyster Harbor Nov. 5
I>! Norte J Cr-scent City 4.IN0V. i
Santa R-ma. . .jSan Die?o & Way PortsJNov. 3
Point Arena.. Mendocino & Pt. Arena. iNov. 6
J. Dollar, i Seattle * Tacoma iNov 3
Newburu Grays Harbor iNov. 5
Arcata Coos Bay & Port OrforJfNov. 6
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Ports! Nov b
Columbia Portland & Astoria (Nov t;
North Fork... Humboldt iNov n
fv Monica Grays Harbor |n O v 7
Corona Humboldt |Nov" 7
i=an retlro.. .. Huonboldt iNov". S
Queen... , I»ugrt f>oiin<l Ports 'Nev' is
Eureka ! Humboldt [Nov ft
State of Cal. . ; San Diego & Way Ports'Nov' 9
Sonoma j Sydney & Way Ports.. .'iNov. U
Ch-co CoqulIIe River |Nov. »
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. INov. 10
Korea ! Chlm & Japan |Nov 10
O. W. Elder. . j Portland & Astoria (Nov 11
Colon... ....'New York via Panama Nov. 12
City Puebla... 1 Puget Sound Ports Nov 13
Steamer. Destination. 1 Sails. | Pier.
_ November 4. I I
";^'" dauel Astoria & Portland K pmlPier 23
Lakme. Humboldt 5 pm Pier 2
Cnehaifs 0 - " i < ? ra>S S"^ 4 "'« W
?^ a ';^ Grays Harbor .... 4 pmiPler 2
G.W. Elder. Astoria & Portland 11 am|l'jer 24
. ' >ovember 5. |
C. Aeison.. ixis AnKeles Ports.. 12 miPier **¦
Centennial. Seattle & Tacoma. .|' 5 pmlPier '"
%utet^.... Humboldt 9 am, Pier 13
8tate of Cal San Diego & Way. 0 amjPler 11
Bonlt * Newport & Way.. P amlPier 11
Phoenix... Mendocino City I 1 pm Pier 13
Sainoa Los Anpeles Ports.) 9 am Pier 2
i Xovrmber O. I I
Pomona,.. | Humboldt ]l:30p|Pier 9
Rainier Seattle & Whatcomf 4 pm|Pler 10
RamRes.... Hamburg & TVay..| 8 araiPier 19
November 7. ( |
Alliance... Eureka & Coos Bay| [Pier 16
S. Monica. Loa Anireles Ports. 10 am I Pier 2
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 4 pmlPier 2
Centratia.. Grays Harbor 4 pntjpier 10
Rival Willapa Harbor 3 pmjPler °
Alameda... Honolulu |n amlPier 7
Umatilla.. Puget Sound Ports. Ill amjPier 9
Curacao... Mexican Ports 110 am I Pier 11
Peru N. V. "via Panama|12 mlPler 40
laqua Humboldt l pm Pier 2
Arctic Humholdt 9 am Pier 10
• - November 8. I
Newburg. . Grays Harbor .... 4 pmlPier 10
Arcata Coos B.& Pt.Orfonl 10 amlPIer IS
S. Rosa.... *= an Di^go & Way 9 am Pier 11
November .0. I
Corona Humboldt l:3OpJPier 9
N Fork... Humboldt B pm Pier •>
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland 11 am|Pier 24
Coos Bay.. S&n Pedro & Way. 9 am|Pler 11
November 10.
A. Maru... China & Japan l pm Pier 40
J. Dollar. . . Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am Pier 2
November 12.
Queen Puget Bound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Chico Coqullle River ft pm Pier 2
Ban Pedro. . Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2
November 14. | I
San Juan.. N. Y. via Panama. 112 m|Pler 40
FROM SEATTLE.
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE
So Strong Is the Vibration J0 Which Continues for Forty
Seconds, That the* Jar Causes the Stopping
of a Watch in the Pocket of the Chief Officer.
VIOLENT EARTHQUAKE OFF JAPANESE
COAST SHAKES WHALER CALIFORNIA
Merchajadise for the North.
The steamer City of Puebla sailed on Mon-
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide Is the, same at both places.
WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 4.
'Sun rises....:.... 6:39
Sun sets .' 6:08
Moon sets (full) •' 5:49 a. m.
0 Time) Time TJmel-' ¦ tTImei
* |4.._f Ft. | 1 Ft. 1 Ft. Ft.
* 1L W) 1H W] L W H W
4 4:10| 2.0|10:25| o.6( <:82|— 0.1|ll:MI 4.9
•5 4:48 2.2 10:96 5.TI 5:341—0.4 1
H W L W H W 11, Wl
6 0:42 4.9 6:30 2.4 11:34 5.7 6:191— O.6
7 1:32 4.9 6:13 2.6 12:17 5.7 7:07h-06
8 2:25 4.8 7:02 2.8 1:04 6.6 7:56— 0.5
9 3:19 4.9 8:01 3.0 1:87 6.3| 8:501—0.3
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of : the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column glvea the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are- in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus (— )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given ¦ la subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
, of the lower low waters. ¦ '
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Hatters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
Th<? British ship Pass of Balmaha is char
tered for lumber from Puget S4und to Cailao
direct at 31s 3d; British ship Saragossa, same
business, from Puget Sound to Port Pirie. 27s.
The ship E. B. Sutton is chartered for sugar
from Honolulu to Delaware Breakwater.
Recovers Gold "Watch From Bay.
Diver Oscar Abrahamson yesterday recov
ered the gold watch which a few days ago
tumbled' Into the bay at Harrison-street wharf
from the pocket of Henry Sellers of the West
ern Supply Company. s
The Overdue List.
The French bark Paris was added yesterday
to the overdue list. She is out 178 days from
Hamburg, for Honolulu, and Is quoted at 10
per cent. There were several changes In the
rates of the other overdues, which stand as
follows: St. Mungo, eo per cent; Charlonus,
10 per cent; Wilkommen, 15 per cent; Vera-
Jean, 10 per cent; Daisy, 75 per cent: Torris
dale, 23 per cent, and Paris, 10 per cent.
Must Discharge Her Cargo.
. The barkentlne Katie FUcklnger. which on
Monday was compelled to put back • to Port
Townsend, leaking, as a result of damage sus
tained in a gale off Cape" Flattery; will have to
discharge her cargo and have her seams
calked before she resumes her voyage.
Lytton Eepairs Completed.
The British steamship Lytton left the Rlsdon
Iron Works yesterday and anchored In the
stream. When she arrived here some weeks
ago she was In very bad shape, as the result
of having been ashore on the Central American
coast She was for seven days on Hunters
Point dry dock and has been thoroughly over
hauled. The Itifdtm people made a quick Job
of the repairs, which were completed to the
full satisfaction of the London Salvage Associ
ation, under the eye of whose manager. Archi
bald P. McFarlane, they were made. The Lea
lanaw Is now at the Risdon for extensive re
palrs.\
A HEAVY earthquake on the Jap
anese coast shook up the whaling
bark California last August with
such a jar that the chief officer's
watch stopped and all hands re
ceived a large sized scare. The shaking
continued for nearly forty seconds and
by the time things settled down all hands
were on deck, wondering whether or not
the bark had suddenly become v mixed up
In a free-for-all race in which the compet
itors were adult whales of fuil growth.
The California came into port late yes
terday afternoon, but reached quarantine
in time to pass the doctor. She had a suc
cessful trip and in the grand division of
the spoils all hands will receive some
thing. "Some of the men," said Captain
Josephs, "will get as much as $20."
The California loft here November 20,
going first to the Marquesas \ Islands, in
the vicinity of wfiich she weathered the
terrific hurricane which on January 13
swept those south- sea islands with such
disastrous effect. The bark Alice Knowles,
which arrived last night too late for
quarantine Inspection, was in the same
storm.
From Marquesas the California went to
Guam, where several days were spent.
She was at Hakodate and hunted the
waters along the Siberian coast. She lost
seven whales and during the voyage had
boats stove In five times. No lives were
lost and the men who were In the boats
speak lightly of being flipped Into the
air by the fore of a blow from a whale's
tail and soused Into the sea alongside the
splashing mammal.
1 The California's catch is valued at
about $20,000 and includes 1025 barrels of
sperm oil, 135 barrels of whale oil and
1223 pounds of bone.
i Sailed from Glasgow June 6: crossed the equa
te/ in the Atlantic at Ion 27 W; reached Stafa
j Island Aug 20; crossed the lir.e in the PaclSo
Oct a ia Ion 113 W; had light winds and fine
weather the rest of the passago.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ASTORIA — Palled Nov 2 — Br stmr Indra
samha, for Hongkong; Br stmr Vermont, for
South Africa.
Sailed Nov 3 — Br ship County of Inverness,
for Algoa. Bay-: Br ship Duaslaw. " for South
Africa; stmr Charles Nelson, for San Fran
cisco.
BANPON— Arrived Nov 3— Stmr Chlco,
hence Ocr 30.
Sailed Nov 3— Schr Coqu'lle, for San Fran
cisco.
COOS BAT— Sailed Nor 3— Ptrors Alliance.
Empire and Navarro and schr Western Home,
for 3»n Francisco.
DUTCH HARBOR— In port Oct 29 — St:nr«
Eureka and Meteor.
EUREKA— Sailed Nov 3— Stmrs Arctic ar<»
Pomona, fcr San Francisco; schr Metha Nel
son, for Topolcbamro.
FORT BRAOG— Sailed Nov 3— Star Bru*~
wick, for San Francisco.
NOME— In pert Oct 25 — U S stmr Corwin. to
sail the same day.
PORT LLD1.OW- Arrived Nov 3— Schr IJa.
Schnauer. from Port Gamble.
• PORT TOWNSEND— Passed in Nov 3— Bkta
Katie Flickin?*r. for Tacoma.
Arrived Nov 3 — Br ship Cralgmore, from
Vancouver.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived Not 3— Scfcr Bertha
Dolbeer. from .Eureka.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived Nor 3 — Stmr Noyo.
from Eureka.
Sailed Nov 3 — Stmra Redondo and San Ga
briel, fcr San Francisco; schr Sadie, for Ump
qua.
SEATTLE— Sai!sd Nov 3— Stmr Senator, for
San Franct-jco: ftmr Excelsior, for Valde*,.
Sailed Nov 2— Stmr Farallon. for Skagway.
Sailed Nov 3 — Jar. stmr Tosa Mara, for
Hongkong.
Arrived Nor 3 — Stmr Oregon, from Noaa»|
stmr Elihu Tohmson. from Nome.
TACOMA— Sailed Not 3— Bktn Portland, for
Ean Francisco.
WESTPORT— Sailed Nor 8— Stmr Fulton, for
San Pedro.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU — Arrived Not 3 — 17 8 stmr
Thomas, from Manila, for San Francisco; stmr
Sonoma, from Sydney, for Saa Francisco.
Sailed Nov 3— Stmr Korea, for Saa Fran
cisco.
KAHTLUI— Sailed Oct 31— Bark Edward
May, for Maicawell.
EASTERN PORTS.
CAMDKN — Launched Nor 2 — Stmr Manchu
ria, for Pacific Mall S S Co.
NEW YORK— Arrived Not 2— Stmr AUlanca,
from Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
ALGOA BAT— Arrived prior to Nor 3— Br
ship Rhaddlan Castle, from Portland.
ANTWERP— Sailed Nov 1 — Br_ ship Clan
Mackenzie, for Fan Francisco.
BREMEN— Sailed Oct 21— Br ship Csn Bu
chanan, for Honolulu.
MANILA— Arrived Oct 2S— U 3 gtmr Sher
man, bence Oct 1.
MELBOURNE— Arrived Not 2— Bkta James
Tuft, from Port Ladlow.
MONTEVIDEO— Sailed Oct IS— Ger stmr Se
scstris. for Hamburg.
PANAMA— Arrived Oct IS— Stmr City of
Sydney, hence Sept 28.
SANTA ROSALIA— Arrived prior to Not 3—
Ger ship Omsga, from Hamburg.
SINOAPORE— Arrived prior to Nor 3— Nor
stmr Terje Vlken. from Port Said.
gWANSEA — Sailed Not 1— Ital ship Catering
Accame. for San Frasdaco.
SYDNEY — Arrived Not 3 — Bark Yoeem!te,
from Eureka.
VENTNOR— Passed Oct 30— Br bark County
of Kinross, from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
• OCEAN STEAMERS.
• ANTWERP— Arrtred Nor 3 — Stmr Rhynland.
from Philadelphia.; stmr Kroonland. frcm New
York. - ¦
CHRI3T1AN1A— Sailed Oct 30— Stmr Hekia,
for Kew York. .. •-¦'Vi"
GIBRALTAR— Sailed Nor 8— Stmr Hohen
sollern, from G«sc» and Naples, for New
York.
' GLASGOW— Arrtred Nor 3— 8ta- Laurer.
tlan. from New York; stmr SarmAlan. from
Boston via. Halifax.
LIVERPOOL. — Sailed Nor 3 — Stmr Corean.
for St Johns. N F, and Philadelphia: sv=r
Ultonla. for Boston.
NAPLES— Sailed Not 3— Stxor Eesperia, for
NEW YORK — Arrived Nor t— Stmr Cerlo,
from Liverpool; stmr Calabria, from Leghorn,
• etc. ; itmr Finland, from Antwerp.
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived Not 3 — Stmr Hav.
erford. from Philadelphia, for Liverpool, and
proceeded.
SYDNEY — Arrived prior to Not 8— Stmr
Ventura, from San Francisco, Tla Honolulu and
Auckland-
. DIED.
SEATTLE. Not 3— D1«d. In tfcte ettr, to
day. Captain Frank J. Eursj.
day for Victoria with an assorted merchandise
cargo consigned to various British Columbian
ports, valued at 121,614. and including the fol
lowing:
11C4 rk?g fresh fruits, G7 pkf» fresh vegeta
bles, C2.3S0 lbs raUIns, 10.&CO lbs dried fruit.
2S.C31 lbs malt. 277S lbs nuts. It3 cs assorted
canned goods. SO cs canned salmon. 630 lbs
shrimps. 10 crts onions. ie«) lbs meals, 922 lbs
coffee. 50 cs whisky. 5632 lbs hops, 165 bx»
paste, CSC les 6 cs cheese, Z'J pkgs groceries
and provisions, M6 gals win*. 2 cs honey, 1 cs
brandy, 14 drums acids. 3128 lbs sheet lead.
14-'t4 pigs lead. 15 cs 2 bbls oil. 3 bbls paints.
218 Us copper plate. 11.275 lbs beans. 15.5(X>
lbs copperas. SO tins matches. 7 bdls leather.
67 pkps machinery. 2 pkjrs dry goods, 1« cs
arira and ammunition, 2070 lbs fertilizer. 15
bdls paper.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Tu»s<lay, November 3.
Stmr ConuJlle River, Dart, 44 hours from
San Pedro.
Stmr Bonita, Alberts, C3 hours frcm Ean
Petlro and way Dorts.
Stmr Westport. Smith, 17 hour3 from West
port.
Stmr Lukn?, Christiansen, 42H hours from
Port Los Angeles.
Stmr Alameda, Dowdell, 6 days 20 hours
from Honolulu.
Stmr Greenwood, Johnson; 17 hours from
Albion.
Whal stmr Belvedere, Tilton. 22 days from
Port Clarence.
Br ship Craigerne, Loades, 79 days from
Newcastle. X S W.
Br shio Khyber. Rothery, 1M days from
Cardiff.
Fr ship Marechal Suchet. Gautler. 72 days
from Newcastle. NSW.
Br bark Procyon. Johnston, ISO days from
Glasgow.
Br bark Inverness. Lewis, SO days from New
castle. X S W.
Fr bark Babln Chevaye, Robert. 138 days
from Antwern.
Whal bark Alice Knowles, Montgomery, 07
days from Hakodate.
Whal bark California, Joseph. 34 days from,
Okhotsk Sea.
Bchr Emma Utter, 12 days from Grays Har
r"T c* a nvn
1 ' **V r p ri I '¦
Tuesday, November 3.
Stmr Corona. Eagles. Eureka;, Pacific Coast
S S Co.
Stmr George W Elder. Randall, Astoria; O
R i N Co.
Ger stmr Nlcarla, Rubarth. Seattle and Vic
toria; J D Sprockets & Bros Co.
SAILED.
Tuesday, November 8.
Stmr Signal. Bendegaxd, Coos Bay.
Stmr San Mateo. Rots, Tacoma.
Stmr Corona. Johnson. Eureka.
* Stmr Coqullle River. Dart, .
Stmr Gypsy, Leland, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Celia, Nordfcerg, Albion.
Stmr Lakme, Christiansen, .
Ger etmr Nlcarla. Rubarth, Victoria and Se
attle
Br ship West Lothian. Da-rles, Seattle.
Fr bark Anjou, Le Tallec. Que«nstowa.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Nov 8. 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind SE; velocity. 12 miles per hour.
SPOKEN. '
Per stmr Alameda — Oct 31. 2:48 a m 29.1
N lat. 113.52 W Ion, met steamer bound SW
by W.
Oct 31. 10:42 a m— 30.18 N lat. 141.34 W
Ion, steamer bound SW.
Oct 31. 11:52 p m— 31.52. N lat.. 133.40 W
Ion, stmr Sierra, hence 23th. for Sydney.
Nov. 1, 10:36 a m — 33.06 N lat, 134.55 W
Ion. full rigged ship standing S3E.
Nov 2. 1:12 a m — 34.42 N lat. 131.3S W
Ion, Br stmr Coptic, hence 31st. for Hongkong
• Per Br bark Procyon — Oct 25— Lat 23 N ion
130 W. Fr bark Boleldiea, from Hongkong, for
Taltal. 43 days cut.
Per Br bark Inverness — Sept 13 — Off Pltcalrn
Island, Br ship St Mungo, 60 days out from
Acapulco, for Taltal. all well.
. MEMORANDA.
Per whal stmr Belvedere — Captain Devon
died at sea April 13 of heart dlaeaae; he wa*
a native of Nw Bedford; age S3; his body was
taken ashore at Port Clarence and buried
Had a succession of ENE gales from. S«pt 27
to Oct 6; became short of fuel and proceeded
to San Francisco.
Per Br ship Khyber, from Cardiff. Not 3
Sailed from Cardiff May 29; experienced good
NE trades In the Atlantic; had no SE trades
pasted through the Strait of Le Malre Ang 13."
afterward experiencing terrific weather for 15
days, losing several sails and doing damage to
the rigging ; baffling: wind* until reaching lat
30 S. when we experienced strong SE trades
no NE trades, and from lat 25 N to San Fran
cisco had light baffling, easterly and southerly
winds.
, Per Br bark Procyon, from Glasgow, Not 3 —
BARKENTINE KATIE FLJCKIXGER. WHICH RECEIVED SUCH A STRAINING IX A GALE OFF CAPE FLAT
TERY THAT HER SEAMS OPENED AND SHE PUT INTO PORT TOWNSEND WITH FOUR FEET OF
WATER IX THE HOLD.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAIX, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 4. 1903.
13
. Houekps; Uooms— -Apartm't Houses.
A THE LUCERNE
LARKIN ST.. BET. SUTTER AND BUSH;
THE SUNNIEST FURNISHED APART-
MENTS IN THE CITY: THOROUGHLY
MODERN: SUPERIOR SERVICE; CHOICE
I LOCATION; ALL CAR LINES; NOW OPEN.
THE Frederick. 901 Etanyan, opp. Park— Furn.
arartmeyg ; pri. bath: steam heater; Janitor.
i HOOMS TO LET Furn. and I'nfarn.
) — —
A— THE FREMONT.
The most modern hotel In S. F. : single
c and fuite. baths attached; electric lifrht and
i telephone in every rm. ; steam heated; elec-
1 trie elevator day and night; 75c to *1 50
. day; special rates by month. l*fW Market
St. Take Halght. Valencia and Castro cars.
f A— BRUNSWICK House. 14* Sixth st.— Rooms
i 2£c to $1 per night, $1 25 to J5 per week and
t light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st. (or No. 1
• Fifth st.)— Rooms. 25c. 5<»c. fl, $1 50 night;
< $1 50 to $10 week: bouse open all night.
' BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 13«4)— Fur-
nished rocms. suite, single; also unfurnished.
1 CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; rricts reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. BIT— Lovely front suite
f or 4lncle rooms; opposite Jefferson Square.
[ GRAND South*™. 7th and Mission — Rooms 50c
to 91 .'•" night; f 1 to $3 week; reading-room.
JESSIE. 3*3. east U. S. Mint — Furnished
rocms. f5 and $6 per month.
i . .
" i JER5IE. 441 — Pur.ny furnished rocrn; double
bed; rents only $2 r«r week.
' [ LACUNA and McAllister, St. James flat — Sun-
j r.y single room.
' | ROYAL Bocae; 12'J Ellis— Incandescent lights
reading-room, smoklng-rocm and ladies' par-
. j lor: rooms -..er night. 3Dc to $1 50; week. $2
i I to $S; month. $8 to $10: elevator on (-round
' | flocr: rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
' j THE GILLESPIE. 119 Ninth— Furnished rms..
tl S<> to S2 .•»¦> week: transient 50c-75c night.
' ' TT'RX, VZ^j-i — Nicely furnished sunny rooms;
: j clean, respectable house; cheap rent.
UNITED STATES. 123 EJdTn". Bear Market—
4fO slngV and family rooms; Z'c to $1 night:
$1 75 to $0 wr-ek; elevator: electric lights;
reaulr.g-rocm; free bus ani baggage.
• VAN NESS ave.. 312 — Ur?» hay-window room;
sun all day: few a? desirable.
i VAN NE??. MS*— Handsome sunny furnlshej
suites and single rooms: all conveniences.
i WINCHESTER Hotel. *4 Zi st.. near Market^
Most ccr.venient and respectable; 700 rooms;
35c to $1 TiO night; J2 to ?S week; elevator;
-\<-c. lights: reading-room ; free bus; baggage.
I ADVERTISEMENTS, subscription? rosrived at
Cal' Branch offlre. cor. I^unran &¦. Church sts.
ROOMS AXD HOARD.
HO~fElTliA"LTlMOR"i.'
VAN NESS AVE.. NEAR GEARY ST.
SELECT. FIRST-CLASS FAMILY HOTEL.
New and modern appointments; intercom-
'¦ rnunicating and long distance phones in every
rocm: steam heated: hot and cold ocean water
' tatfcs; cuisine and service be»t; American plan
i cr.ly, $3 to $5 day. Special rates by rocnth.
< STEVENSON mansion. SO7 California «?t.— At-
tractive and sightly rooms; best table and
•service: lowest rates.
! VAN NESS ave.. 1714 — Private boarilnt-house,
homelike: everything flrst-class: sunny
FUJtef;: f'.r.eh- rooms: choice locality: ref.
ROOMS A.\D iloAUl) WASTED.
! WANTED — By a cfntleman and wife, nice
comfortable rootn. with private bath attached;
either European p!an or rear good restaurant.
B-,x 2-jlt;. <"all.
SCIENTIFIC OPTOCIAHS.
Dt RING t>w G. A. R. crcr.rarm'nt Dr. Cl'.se.
1023 Market st.. bet. <:th-7th. fitted glasses to
Gen. Miles: you want the best as well as "he.
j SEWING MACHIXES AND SUPPLIBS
• NEW HOME sewing machine; this we«>k only:
J1O. $15 '20: slightly used; needles 20c doz.
KEW HOME S. M. CO.. 1051 Market st.
SPECIALISTS.
' CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES in EARS
positively cured; n«-w methed: 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottinpham. 204 Sutrer st.
BXXTTERIXCI AM3 STAJHMEKI\t».
MEL8OUBKS Schocl. Van Ness-Market — Cure
Sn every case; individual teaching: no medl-
cii:e. Inquire into wonderful cures :home cure.
; Tiii-HAElAGEs^iAm""
Eirth. marriage and death notices sent by
; mail will net be inserted. They must be handed
. ip at either of the publication office* and l-e
; indorsed with the name and residtnee of per-
¦ s^r.s authorised to have the same published.
BOBX.
LEOPOLD— la th's city. November 1, 10C3, to
the wife of J. Leopold, a son.
MANSFIKLP— la this city. October 27. 1903.
t i tbc w;'t oi Michael E. 'MansnVld, a daugh-
ter. *
; ROSE— In Oakland. Cal., November 10, 1903,
to the wife of Joseph lio«e. a son.
SNYDEIl— In Fruitvale, Cal., October 2C, 1033,
to t'ie wife of D. E. gnyder, a son.
" mabried7
Y.W ING— YOUNG— In this city, October 19.
I9U3. by tho Rev. William Rader, J. Cal-. In
Kwtr.g Jr. and Eli-a E. Young, both of this
1 city. . . . •
1IALLANDER— SWEXPfON- In this city. Oc-
ti'ibf-r 24. bj the Rt-v. Dr. E. Neiander, pastor
1 of the First English Lutheran Church, August
HallaMer and Eva PiAtnison, both of Itle-
ton, Sacramento County, California,
i LORIGAN— BOHLMANN— In San Jose, Cal.,
November 3, 1*XM. by the Kev. R. A. Gleeson.
S. J., Charles M. Lorigan and Eugenia E.
Bonlmann. b<:th of San Joee.
DIED.
ArtTifnio. G. Kins, Mr?. A. L. A.
Barns, Capt. F. J. Lenz. Louis. *
IWirmann. Jane. Mitchell. Helen.
Brownrlcr. Frf-.n-.-es Miller. F. V.
••astidy. Mathew. Minnie. Mrs. Bell
Donahoe, Julia. McMahon, A J. T.
Dirking, Fritz. Nilan, Alice B.
Daltcn. Ann. 1'ariser. James A.
Dolan. Edward. Stockmann. August.
Est*-»r. Morns M. _ Stafford, Jane.
Franklin. Sarah. " Taylor. B. E.
Gorman. Margaret Va'ienzuela (Infant).
Grella. A. Vrn Oeeen. Dora. ,
Oahairan, Richard. Waters, Patrick.
Holtum. Mary J. Wilgon. Annie.
Har.nisart. Man'- Westenhaver, C. C.
Harden. Thora L. York. William.
Jcuanou. Jean B. Zimmerman, Mrs. B.
I ARMENIO — In this city, November 3. 190.".
Giacomo. dearly bfcloved son of Franc««o
and Luisa ArmenJo. a native cf Ean Fran-
cisco, aged 7 months and 30 days.
CTFricnds and acquaintances are respect.
fully Invited to attend the funeral on Thurs-
day. November 5. at 2 o'clock, from hts par-
ents' residence on Onondaga avenue- and
D» laware street. Interment Italian Ceme-
tery.
! BURNS— In Seattle, Wash.. November 3, 1003,
Captain Frank J. Burns.
BE HUM ANN— In this city, November 2, 1903
Jan«\ beloved wife of C. F. Behrmann, and
sister of Mrs. Gardner Osgood and Jame»
Johnston, a native of Ireland, aged 59 years
!• months and 22 days.
'C^TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Friday. November ti. at 2 o'clock, at the
mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate Under-
taking Company, 2475 Mission street, near
Twenty-flrut. Interment I. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery.
BKOWNRIGG — In this city, November 1 1903
Frances C, beloved daughter of Frances and
the late William Brov.nrlgg, and sister of
"Robert and Lulu Bro-wr.rlgg, a native of San
Francisco, aged •* menths and 24 days.
CAS SIDY— In this city. November 2. 19C3
Mathew, dearly beloved husband of Mary
Cassldy. and loving father of Joeeph, Wil-
liam and May Cas«sidy, a native of County
Mealh. Ireland, aged 54 years.
CTFrienUs arid acquaintances are. respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 48 Sharon street, thence to Mission
Dolores Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repcw« of his soul,
commencing at 'J o'clock. Interment Holy
1 Cross Cemetery.
DONAHOE— In this city, November 2, ij>03
Julia Dvnahoe, beloved niece of Mrs. Hannah
McCarthy, and sister of Mrs. Patrick O'Brien
and Mrs. George Walccm, a native of the
City of Cork. Ireland.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
? Wednesday), at 0 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. C23 Myrtle avenue, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral, where, a solemn requiem
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successors to Flannagan '< & Gallagher.)
DANIEL. P. DONOVAN'. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth et.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80. '^ >> —
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers
Formerly In Metropolitan Temple,
Now at 866 MISSION. TeL. South 167.
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth st.
Finest Equipments at Moderate Rates.
James McGinn. Henry"'"Hans«n71
JAMES McGINN A. CO.. ,
Formerly With McGinn Bros..
— — Funeral Directors and Embalmers
214 Eddy «t.: Tel. South 678.
REAL CSTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
EAfiTON. EL-jRIDCE^TcO^
63b MARKET ST.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
TTESDAT. .'. * ."Xoveicber 10. 1903
At our BsJeErocsas. CSS Market et.,
12 o'clock noon.
THIRD-ST. BUSINESS CORKER.
SE. corner Third and Perry stfl. : 25x77:6 ft..
with aa L 25x75 ft. or; Ferry »t. ; improvements
consist cf a store and C*t cf 7 r. and b. ; also
house cf 11 r .
PACIFIC HEIGHTS FLATS.
E«*t n ne O f Franklin et.. S2:6 ft. south or
Broadway; |Coa. Frarklift st. ; 3
most m»gniflcent new flats, containing 7 r. and
porcelain *>. each: renting to permanent tenant.
8-t (145 jxt month.
OFARRELL-ST. RESIDENCE.
Scuth llr.e ot O'Farrell St.. 115 ft. treet of
Eteiner; No. 1511; improvements consist of a
tnest excellent dwellir.p of 11! r. and b. : patent
Cush toilet and modern p!umbin»r. throughout.
F1LLMORE-ST. BUILPING LOTS.
We*t line cf Flllsnor*- st.. 137:6 ft. tsouth of
Grove; lot 2Sxl0O ft.; this piece of rn»perty Is
•o situated that It conin-.ar.ds a beautiful view,
U level and reedy f.-r bulMing.
GEART-ST. RESIDENCE.
South line cf Oeary St.. tiftwera Ptelner ana
Pierce et*. ; t-ubstar.tinlly built "I-etory building, (
containing 7 r. and b. ;" No 1&73 Geary st.
VAN NESS-AVK. BUILDING LOTS.
Eaft i'ne of Van Ness ave.. 02:6 ft. south of
Francisco tst. ; 2 very desirable building lots;
Cat» erected ujon this property would rent
ea*U-r and bring in a handsome rt-venue.
BRTANT-ST. RESIDENCE.
South llr.e cf Bryant st.. 25 ft. east of El-
lery. between First and Second: improvements ;
ccnslet cf a double couage. renting lor $1S por
tncnth.
PINE-ST. INVESTMENT.
North line cf Pine st., 127 •?3 ft- -west of !
Hr<5e: No. 1212: fine 3-etory frame building. |
ccntalntafc S r. and porcelain b.; new modern j
•p'.s-sblce throughout.
PARK PANHANDLE FLATS.
Eoeth llr.e of Waller «.. 156 ft. west cf 1
6hrs-der et.; No. 17U-43; 2 excellent f-ats of I
R-6 r. and porcelain b. ; new and m~1ern In I
every reepect; renting for $02 50- let 25x137:6 !
f«et.
PROBATE SALE.
TVeet :in* of Stockton st.. 75 ft. north cf
Francisco through to Wonien ft. ; n-.arnlflcent ¦
tmtltitn* Bite, I^rGS-.n ft.; mortcag-e of $1200
ear renaln; must b* sold to rlise an estate. ,
EASTON. ELDP.II-'.E & CO..
63S Market et.
_ .
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
N>rer Bcfero Were Lots So". 1 fo Tart!
TTry? Because they are choicest and cheapest. I
SI00 to $1200 — Every lot prayed for building; j
'r •':£ bouleverd. ;.•/¦. ocean and cars; un- j
obstructed ocean view from every lot; don t !
tr.'.Be this cppcrtunlty fcr bargains; see them !
to-day; easy terras.
*73 to $300— Neer park and ocean; $3 i
tncEthly.
Oceeceiie Eranch Office on 49th ave. and K
et. Open Sundays.
f'00 to $1000 — New lots In Sunset District:
¦Taded and eewered; near cars; $10 monthly.
•urjet Branch 0ff.ee cn f>th eve.. Near H it. j
$150. 1200 end $300— Level Excelsior Home- i
•tead lets; retr e!ecuic cars; $5 monthly.
S:000, $1500. SSr.'D an3 JWO — 4 5. C and S i
room modem cctitges and houses In Sunset. !
P^chrr.or.J. Oc*-ansii1e and Excelsior Home- [
¦tead: All Uargsirs'. Easy terms.
EOL GETZ & SON. Owners and Dealtrs
Room £4. Chronicle Building.
— — — — • j
MODERN' cottacs; finished co-rr'.ete with I
•very convenience; ra.«y terms; large lots.
« rootn-i — J2300.
6 rooms — S.^250.
8 rooms — $3500.
6 rooms — $3400.
7 rooms — $4100.
8 rooms — J4C<«.'.
Located on Fir>=t and SWon.l ave.. bet. ;
Gf»T and McAllister st cars ani one 'block I
r.orth cf park. F. NELSON, builder.
JOSEPH STRAUB. C20 Market ft. !
$21 Co— Cor Twenty-fifth and Wisconsin ets. ; i
cew cottage cf 4 rooms, hath and basement; .
tool location for trr- -crry; J3n> down J15 mentb, '
$17r><>— Fine effw cottage of 4 rooms, bath and
basement; SS'.t} <k-wr. flO a month; Wisconsin
et . r- ar Twrnty-afih.
*2*O0 — Kou«? of 2 fiats and attic: ba=oment. I
rear i-oiw; vicinity Mason and Filbert ste.
BARGAIN— Two han.isomc n»w rfsidences of
6 rooms and bath; fur.r.y modern and up to '
date In tvery particular; No*. POO and r»CS '
Clayton ft., near <JoM»»n Gate Park: price '
$51<K< and $r^»». Ar>piy R. D. CRANSTON '
& SONS, 11* Montgomery «.
IPOG—fryrTAOK. 4 r<-rm«. at CSi Moultr;* st.;
« bargain. $-U00 Uown, balance IS per mouth. .
1X800 — .?ctt.?c<=. 4 .-. and ».: 2S:h st.: terms. :
D. f :orFIX & CO.. XMa Mission st.
t- s 7M"- — Ft>I"U new 2-flat houses, all rented; ¦
brlrg $£70 ;<t >ear; buy from owner and save •
*---Trrr.i«-:on: :.TT-T Masonic ave.. 1', blcc'-s '
f uth of Halght st.
EUILD cn your Calm proved realty: we 1-tan
full con irr.prov. and r>art lot at «5 r*r cent '
Manhattan loan oo.. «'>.x-k«T tmtUiat. ,
FIXE in'-orre f"at« cn Fulton, nr C;t" Hall" •
¦ r.-M- In<yj:r^ 14J ry.tnn st.. o'wr.«T " ¦
ni:AL KSTATB Country— For Sale.
NOTICE TO EMPLOTEs!
A rare rhanre for ; arti^-s farnirr a sir.a'.l
salary to get thonwivn a nice country
p ?**"**
$*00— $1CK) down. $25 a month, will buy 10
acres of choice rttrtM fruit. b*>rry, table or
»ln« grape iand in the Wh:takV r & Ray
Color.y_ Facramento County IS miles frcm
capital of State.
*y*X» ar-r^s Mid. J500 planted; -rood school .
and eloae to railroad station. QUIOOLE
care WIHTAKER & HAP CO.. 723 Market
«. ; hours, 9 to 3 0 a. in.. 4 to 5 p. m. or ,
address hex 15. Gn'.t. \
f 10 A MONTH boys a ten-acre farm twelve '
mllee from ?acramento; Trrlte for booklet- •
lt> free. WRIGHT & KIMBROUGH CC3
3 et., Sacramento. Cal.
IF you want a etock ranch dairy cr colonlza-
Hen tract, write CHAP W. COE & CO 43 ¦
West Santa et.. San Jo**, Cal.
ALFALFA land*, stock ranches, orchard* ;
vineyards : Inserted barpair.s: monthly cat*- '
togues e«nt free. C. M. V.OOSTER CO . C48 \
Market ft.
FOR poultry sti* rtalrr rsrnche. -rleiaJnaj a irood '
r"f;t. HAMILTON &¦ KEXDP.F K.P^taluma. j
POI^T RICHMOND REAL ESTATE." '
WATER front lots an4 bariralns- all tracts-
mapti i-Ir-ton ftr P^T.T^ 417 Parrott bldr.
BERKELEr" ADVERTISEMENTS |
BERKELET REAL ESTATE.
$10.000— A GENTLEMAN'S home near the new
Country Ciub grounds.
Fine house of 16 rooms, larg-e stables etc-
5-4 acres cf land; worth eeeln*.
Apply to JOS. J. MASON. Real Estate.
Berkeley rutlon.
FOR exchar.ee — Nice hcuse of 5 rooms and
bath; lot 5uxl33; tunny elde of street: «treet '
work ail done; value S25C0; mortgage $15X;- i
will take country property for equity
JOS. J. MASON. Real Estate, Berkeley |
eta lien.
J. J. MASON. — -
R«al Estate and Ir.suranc* Agent.
Choice Property a. Specialty
EE. cor. Shattu'-k ave. and Center et
Berkeley. CaJ '
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BEOADWAY. j'
OAKLAND HEAL ESTATE. ~~
IMPROVED Oakland property to exchangTTor i '
lft« in Oakland or S*n Frarclsco or land not
far from Oakland. P. C. LASSEN & CO
*VG Tenth et.. Oakland. CaL
Modem hau**. 9 ns».; stable; Maaon & Haralla
cryan. Before 12 ra.. 422 Orahgc *t.. Oakland.
- j
FCnXITCRE FOR SALE.
»-¦'- i.. S'-h»-::ha»s. 11th st.. cor. store. Oaklnd.
FOR HODSEKEEPISO.
A^TLEiiirTir T^rT^ismctir^oa^rrs
rocm apartments; fur, or unfur. for hskpe.
SSS^TVJ* 21 - nr " tr « n «'«- cor.— B«auti-
ruiiy .^rn.ghed apartments; complete; (20 up.
E^.VT; 60s ~ 2 larre connecting rooms; regrular
K.>ca«>ri. reasonatle; also giggle fur, room, $«.
°. FAR^ ELL> 2 ' 3 or 4 -««^« hoa»eke«p-
lcg room*: ail conveniences; reasonable.
for hou»eke<-ptng; ga , and bata 7^'
***** faOT »*-' .
CI ££l'SI T i? ««vertii*m«ti and •ubecrtpUon. f
receUed at Call branch ofg;<. gaoo nilmor*. I
A^h\^*5^.°'' fl h* t °L^ 11 KSverti^tmects and I
I Becker, and sister of Mrs. Auk Hansen, Mrs.
Emlle A. Groezlnger and Edna Becker, a na-
tive of San Francisco. Cal., aged 30 years
10 month* and 6 days.
E7"Notlce of funeral" hereafter.
WATERS — In St. Mary's Hospital, November
3. 1903, Patrick, dearly beloved brother of
Joseph Waters, Mrs. Mary Joyce and the late
Mrs. Annie Hanerty. a native of parish of
Louth. County Louth, Ireland.
C7FMends and acquaintances are 'respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:45 a. m., from the funeral
parlors of the Pacific Undertakers, 777 Mis-
sion street, thence to St. Patrick's Church,
where a solemn rtequlem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commencing
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
WILSON— In this city, November 1. 1903. An-
nie, beloved wife of the late William G. WU-
scn, and mother of A. R. WlUon. a native
of County Kerry. Ireland, aged 35 years.
WESTENHAVER— In this city. November 2.
lt«03. at his late residence. 1210 Noe street.
Charles C. beloved husband of Belle Wcsten-
haver aftd brother of Mrs. C. H. Weetcott,
Mrs. M. E. Jordan and D. M. Ramsey, a na-
tive of Cloverdale. Cal., aged 45 years 1
month and 14 days.
CXFritndu ana acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Thursday
at 1:30 o'clock, from the Advent Christian:
Church. Church street, between Twenty-ninth
and Day. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery.
YORK— October 31, 1903. William. beloved
husband of Jennie A. York. ;
t^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
tc-day (Wednesday), at 8 o'clock n. m..'
at the Masonic Temple, corner Post and
Montgomery ftreett\ under the auspices of
Mount Morlah I^'dje No. 44, F. and A. M.
Interment Vallejo. Cal.
ZIMMERMAN— In thU city. November 2. 10C1
Berultha Catherine, beloved mother of Mary
Zlmrr.Tman and the late Caj.taln Ldu1*i
Zimmerman, and sister of Mrs. W. Osborn
of Oakland and the late Mrs. B. H. Titian
of this city, a native of Stavanger, Norway,
aged <.'5 years and 13 days.
tC^Frirnd!- are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-day (Wednesday), at
1 o'clock, from her late residence. 2U7 L»x-
Ingicn avrnue, near Twentieth Mreet. th»nce
to Our Savior's Scandinavian Evangelical
Lutheran Church, Howard street, near
Twelfth, when services wltl commence at
1 *50 o'clcck. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery, Oakland.
ST. DOMINIC'S Chur.li Bu'tldtns Association—
Th» monthly r»>qul»m high mess for the de-
oeaf.e-' 1 . members of Pt. Dominic's Church
Building ArF»?iation and for parrnts and r»?ia-
atlves nt living members will b» sung in St.
Dominic's Church Thursday at 0 a. m.
tr'-TiTT-mi Hiii ii ¦! i Jwifflrn-WMnTamii^acLj
FUNERAL NOTICE.
& A
Office of thp Grand Secretary, Grand
Lodfc-e. I-\ and A. M.. of California.
The Grand Lodjre of Free and Accept-
ed Masons of the Stat* of California will
Iiold. a special communication in Klnj?
Solomon's Hall, at the Masonic Temple
in this city, on
Thursday, the 5th inst , at
10 O'clock, a. m..
for the purpose of conducting the fun-
eral of our late esteemed and beloved
brother, the
M.W.. MORRIS MARCH ESTEE
Past Grand Master of the Jurisdiction.
The Grand Officers. Past Grand
Officers and members thereof, and the
officers and members of the several
Lodges In this jurisdiction are hereby
notified and requested to be in attend-
ance. .
By direction of the Grand Master
GEO. JOHXSOX. Grand Secretary.
high dui will be celebrated for th« repose of
her soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Crocs Cemetery.
; DIKKINO— In. this city. November S. 1903.
Fritz, beloved hucband of Clementine Dirking,
; and father of Edward and Fritz Dirking and
Mrs. Walter N. Kelly and Mrs. Alice Feld, a
native of Neucbetel. Switzerland, aged 55
years 9 months and 14 days.
CFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Thursday. November 8. 1903. at 11 o'clock,
at the residence of his daughter. Mrs. Walter
N. Kelly. 3547 Twenty-first street. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
j DALTON— In this city, November 3, 1903.
Ann Dalton, beloved mother of Mrs. Mary
Hanson, and grandmother of Matilda, Willis,
Mabel and Alfred Hanson, a native of Ire-
land, aged 70 years.
DOLAN— In this city. November 3. at the resi-
dence. C5 Ivy avenue. Edward Dolan, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 87 years.
ESTEE — In Honolulu. October 27. 1903. Morris
March, beloved husband of Frances D. Estee,
a native of Pennsylvania, aged 70 years.
CTFuncral sen-Ices Thursday, October 5,
at 10 a. m., at Masonic Temple, corner of
Post and Montgomery etreets. under the aus-
pices of the Grand Lodge, F. and A. M.
FRANKLIN— In Portland. Or.. October 31,
1003. Mrs. Sarah Franklin, beloved wife of
S. S. Franklin, and mother of Charles, Abra-
ham and David Franklin of Portland. Or.,
and Mrs. A. Carash of Oakland, Cal, a native
of Posen. Oermany, ared ta years.
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 10:15 o'clcck. from the fun-
eral parlors of the H. F. Maass Company, 017
Mls&ion st. Interment New Salem Cemetery
via electric car from Eighteenth and. Guer-
rero streets.
GORMAN— In this city, November 1. 1003.
Margaret T., dearly beloved wife of Richard
F. German, and cfother of Daniel A. Gor-
rr.an. daughter of James A. and Margaret
McNaMy, and sister of Mr*. C. Graner. Mrs.
E. Greany, Mrs. J. Cavarly and James and
Nan McNally, a native of San FrancUeo.
CTThe funeral will take place to-day
(Wedr.eyday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dency 731 McAllister street, thence to Sa-
cred Heart Church, where a requiem high
mass will be oeltbrated for the reiKse of
h-rr soul, at 9:30 o'clock. Interment private.
GRELLA— In this city, November 2. 1003,
Alesendro Grella, a native of Italy, agr-d -40
years.
CTThe fun»ral will take place to-day
•"Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, frrm the parlors
of Valente, Marlni & Co.. 1324 Stockton
street, thfnce to 4-3 Broadway, ¦wher** ser-
vices will b» held under the auspices of Gali-
leo Grove. U. A. O. D. • Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
GAHAGAN— In this city. November 2, 19O.'(.
Richard Gahagan. brother of Jumps Gfthagan
ainl the late Catherine McRaith. a native of
County Cork, Ireland, aged SO years.
CVFrlcnds and a'cquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(AVeilnesday). from the chapel of the Pas.'ioi^
attached to St. llary'a Hospital, where a
requiem nifi^s will t(- celebrated for th* ro-
I>ose of his *cul. oommer.eins at 9 o'clock.
Interment private. Holy Cross Cemetery.
HOLTUM— In this city. November S. 190.5.
Mary Jane Holtum. mother of H. B. Holtum
or Wyoming. Geary L. Holtum. Mrs. J. L.
PInard an'l Mrs. E. J. Fox of Fan Jose, a
native of Vermont, aged cs years 9 months
ani 12 days. (San Jose pap«-ra please copy.)
1C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday.
November .". ISO.'),' at 2 o'clock, from her late
rfsldenre. BOB Van Ness avenue, thence to
(Mil Fellows' Cemetery, Point Lobos avenue
where services will he ht-ld at 2:.'W p. m.
HANNIGAN— In this city. November :$. 1903.
Mary, dearly beloved wife of Edward Hunni-
gan. and loving mother of Mamie, John. Kd-
wanl, James anj Alice Ilannigan. and be-
loved sister of Joseph McGranaghan. Mrs.
Sarah Harrigan and the late Mrs. Catherine
Cody, a native of County Tyrone, Ireland,
aged TO years.
HANSEN— In this city, November 3, 1903.
Thora L.. beloved infant daughter of Lena
and the late Captain Thor Hansen, an-1 sis-
ter cf Thornehus, Anna L. and George W.
Hansen. a native of San Francisco, aged 1
y€ar 4 months and 13 days.
JOUANOU — In this city, November 1. 1903.
Jear. Baotlste Jouanou, dearly beloved hus-
band cf Antoinette Jouanou. b*loveu .faihrr
of August Jouanou, and grandfather of An-
toll ette and Artru Jouanou, a native of.
France, agi-d Mi shears and 11 months.
tnyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invlrfd to attend tho funeral from his
late residence, 42 Scott place, Wednesday,
Nov*>mb-?r 4, at ft o'clock, thence to Notre
Dame Jes Victoir^s Church, where a solemn
re<iuirn; raa.^x will be celebrated for the re-
pose of hi" soul, commencing at 9:15 o'clock.
In'crrrr-nt Holy Crns* Cemetery.
KING— In Oakland. November 3, 1803 Asenath
L. A., beloved wife of H. C. King, and
mother uf Wiiiiam H. King, Mrs. E. J.
Chase and Miss M. H. King, a native of .
Ohio.
C^Fricnds and acquaintances are respect- 1
fully invited to attend the funeral services !
to-day (Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, at!
the- residence of James Taylor. 1211 Clay I
strict, Oakland. • ¦
LENZ — In Oakland. Cal., November 2, 1903. I
L«uls Lenz. beloved pen of Wllhelmlna Roth- !
mann. a native of San Francisco, aged 33 I
• year? and 10 months.
t>"Frlends and acquaintances are respect*
fully invited to attend the funeral on Wed-
nesday. November 4. at 2 o'clock, from his
Ixte residence, 216 Second street. Interment
Mourtaln View Cemetery, Oakland.
MITCHELL — In this city, November 2. 1903,
Helen, beloved wife of James Mitchell, and
mother of Mary, James, Elizabeth. Roblna
and Kelson Mitchell, a native of Scotland,
ageJ 4S years 0 months and 7 days.
(C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, at
her late residence, .1521 Lombard street, be-
tween Gou^b and Franklin streets. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
MILLER — In this city, November 3, 1903,
Francis V. Miller, beloved husband of Char-
lctte Miller, a native of /Jamaica, aged 72
years 1 month and 25 days/
MINNIE — In Columbus, Ohio, November 3
1903, Mrs. Bell Minnie, sister of Mrs. Out-
cult, a native of Columbus, Ohio, aged 51
years.
McMAHON— In thU city. November 2. 1903.
Arthur J. T., dearly beloved son of Patrick
and Margaret McMahon, and brother of
Mary, Loretta, Winifred Ci and George F. P.
McMahon. and nephew of P. McNamara, a
native cf San Francisco, aged 2 years 4
months and 7 days.
[CTne funeral will take place to-day
(Wednesday), at 1:30 p. m.. from the resi-
dence of the parents. 421 Minna street. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
NILAN— In this city, November 2, 1903, Alice
Bernlce. dearly eeh>ved daughter of William
and Ellen Nilan. and granddaughter of Julia
and the late Patrick Regan, a native of Fan
Francisco, aged 2 years S months and 23
days.
|C7"The funeral will take place to-day
(Wednesday) at 10 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of the parents, 1*510 Tenth Avenue,
South Ean Francisco. Interment Holy CrofcS
• Cemetery.
PARISER — In Alameda, November -2. 1903,
James Alfred, beloved husband of Annie S.
Pariser. and father 0/ A. D., H. M. and
s Russell A. Parlser, Mrs. George Max Web-
ster and Mrs. George H. Whitney, a native
of London. England, aged 55 years 7 months
and 13 days.
tC7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Wednesday. November 4, 1003, at 2 o'clock,
at the residence, 2245 Central avenue. In-
terment private.
STOCKMANN— In this city, November 3. 1903,
August, beloved husband of Pauline Stock-
niann and devoted father of Mrs. O. Wllkens
and Mrs. H. Fuelscher. a native of Stettin.
Germany, aged 75 years 6 months and ltt
days. (New York papers please copy.)
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1 p. m.. from the parlors of
II. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery by electric funeral car
from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
STAFFORD — In this city, November 3. 1803,
Jane, beloved wife of the late William Staf-
ford, and mother of Nicholas and John Staf-
ford. Mrs. L. Duffy and the late Stephen
and Richard Stafford, a native of County
Wexford. Ireland, aged 48 years.
TAYLOR — In this city, November 3, 1903, Ben-
?amln. E.. dearly beloved- husband of Sarah
F Taylor, and father of Charles L., Ben-
jamin H. and the late Frank L. Taylor, a na-
tive of Illinois, aged G3 years 7 months and
24 days.
tCTNotlee of funeral herfafter.
VALENZUELA — In Alameda, October 27, 1903
Infant eon of Mr. and Mrs. E. B. Valenzuela!
VON OEEEN — In this city. November 3, 1003,
Dora, dearly beloved wife of J. E. C. von
Oesen, and mother of Irma von Oesen, and
daughter of Wilhelmlne and the lat« Diedrlch
£ife>R.LWilsl
Jp»££^v k»»r M iiae3 4tnt»l prM'.I*
/WjT«M »» *!• forma tffltws
timtlj •nciit* Ctnttp Ball
Reduced Rates for Thirty Days
Painless Extraction 25o
rminis : v : ; ; 50o
Crowns $2.00 to $5.00
Plate Work . . . $5.00 to $25.00
CrQOK JOB TSXS Aft. BACH 0TSXS SAT.Police Allege He Has Been
Acting As a Fence
for Crooks.
Conrad Keith Is Booked
on Charge of Petty
Larceny.
WEALTHY STREET
SWEEPER JAILED
Wants Nearly $400 for His Services
as the Herman's Super
cargo.
James Brown, who directed the recent
expedition of the schooner Herman to
search for hidden treasure on Cocos
Island, filed a libel yesterday in the Unit
ed States District Court against the own
ers to recover 5347 alleged to be due htm
as supercargo.
Brown was to receive $73 per month as
supercargo, this being an Indirect way of
paying him for his services as guide to
the mythical treasure buried under the
guano of Cocos Island by grim old buc
caneers, whose bones have been polished
by the fishes long ago. The schooner was
sold at Tahiti by the American Consul,
and Brown was degraded to the position
of passenger. He was required to pay
for his fare and food at first cabin rates,
and when he landed here he had nothing
coming to him, and that's what he re
ceived. .. - _
AMES BROWN BRINGS
SUIT FOR HIS SALARY
PERSONAL MENTION".
C. C. Royce, a rancher of Chico. Is at
the California.
John B. Seykora, a rancher of UWah.
Is at the Grand.
B. Dickinson and family of Ben Lomond
are at the Grand.
J. F. Condon, a mlninjr man of Verdi,
Nev., is at the Grand.
Samuel N. Rucker, a merchant of Saa
Jose, is at the Palace.
J. Bonnar, a raisin grower of Fresno, Is
registered at the Grand.
H. G. Adams, manager of the gas com
pany at Stockton, is at the Grand.
Prison Director W. H. Devlin is down
from Sacramento and registered at the
Lick.
W. H. C. Greig, a prominent merchant
of the Fanning Islands, arrived on yes
terdya's steamer from the South Seas and
is registered at the Occidental.
Alfred J. Marcus of the hide and leather
house of S. H. Frank & Co. has returned
from a six months' trip to Europe, fully
restored to health.
William A. Bissell, assistant manager of
the Santa Pe road, returned yesterday
from Chicago, where he attended th© an
nual conference of the officials of the com
pany. .,':',\ '.-;;
Reduced ntN on household food* to * Cnxa
Um East * Soutb. Bekla's. XI MonUomcrfr *
"William Plrch, a workman employed at
the St. Francis Hotel, sustained fractures
of three ribs yesterday as tho result of a
fall from the scaffold on which he was
working. The injured man was treated
by Dr. Weyer at the Emergency Hospital.
Edward Johnston, employed at tho Union
Iron Works, fell from the side of a ves
sel on which he was working. His In
juries proved to b© a fracture of the hip.
The fracture was set by Dr. McBlroy of
the City and County Hospital.
"Workmen Receive Injuries.
n San Francisco."
The letter stated also that his traveling
•xpenses would be paid to Montreal, but
rom that point to this city he would be
¦equired to defray his own expenses.
This was proof positive that he was a
:ontract laborer and he was ordered de
>orted to New South Wales. Harper ap
>ealed to Secretary Cortelyou and asked
hat he might be deported to British Co
umbia instead, but his appeal was Qe
iled.
Somes From New South "VVales Under
Contract of Employment in
This City.
Because of his ignorance of the imml
rration laws, Kenneth Harper, a clerk,
vho arrived on October 29 from Dunedln,
*ew South Wales, will be sent back to
hat country by the Immigrant Bureau
lere. When the officials questioned him
m his arrival he said he had a contract
o work as a clerk for the Bank of Brit
sh North America in this city, and in
>roof of his statement showed a letter
vritten to him by the bank management,
engaging him at a salary of $700 per an
lum and "$400 allowance while residing
BANS CLERK HARPER
WILL BE DEPORTED
CHICAGO. Nov. 3.— The threatened
strike of the stockyards employes was
everted to-day by the representatives of
the packers agreeing to an Increase of
10 per cent in the wages of the canners
¦who went on strike several days ago.
Chicago Canners "Win the Strike.
MONTREAL. Nov. 3.— Representatives
of all the engineers and firemen on the
Canadian Pacific Railway are here as a
prlevance committee to lay their demands
before the company for an increase in
wages. The men claim their wages are
too small in view of the prratly Increased
cost of living in the West.
Railroad Men Ask for Higher "Wag^es.
It was decided by the board that the
Mechanics' Library building should un
dergo extensive repairs and 'complete ren
ovation. Contracts are to be awarded
shortly for repainting and papering the
building.
This evenins H. Mors« Stephens will
deliver a lecture at the. Mechanics' Pa
vilion. His subject will be, "Lafayette,
the Commander in Chief of the National
Guard of Paris."
The meeting was presided over by Jo
seph M. Cummlng, secretary of the insti
tute.
The board of trustees of the Mechanics'
Institute met last evening In the Me
chanics' Library to decide several impor
tant Questions.
Gottlieb Sonnenwald, 65 years of age,
died at 4 o'clock yesterday morning from
injuries received on the evening previous
by falling off the rear porch of the house
at 625 Pacific street. The old man had
been discharged as a patient of the City
and County Hospital about a month ago.
He roomed in the building where he met
his death and had been In the saloon
downstairs until 9:30 last Monday night,
when he started to go to his room
The old man was picked up by his son
Peter and taken to his room, but when
neighbors suggested that It would be ad
visable to send for a doctor Peter replied
that he did not think that his father was
hurt and that it was not necessary to call
in a physician.
Mrs. Jane Stafford, a widow 4o years of
age residing at 441 Second street, was
almost instantly killed yesterday morning
by falling off the back porch. She had
been subject to fainting spells and was
engaged in washing clothes at the time
tho accident occurred. Mrs. Catherine
Sherlock of 23 Clementina street was talk
ing with her when she stooped to pick
up somo washing and fell backward
down the steps leading to the yard. The
unfortunate woman struck upon her fore
head. She was picked up In an uncon
scious condition and died while being con
veyed to the Harbor Hospital In the am
bulance.
Gottlieb Sonnenwald
and Mrs. Jane Stafford
Die of Injuries.
WATERLOO. Iowa. Nor. 3. — John Rush.
president of the Swern Gas Company, was as
¦atilted by tramps In Ms home lace last night
and died to-day of his injuries. His assail
ants have not been captured. Rush was prom
inent In the Traveling Men's Association.
FATAL RESULTS
FOLLOW FALLS
George Foster, residing at 130S Market
street, escaped death by a narrow margin
last Monday evening. On retiring Fostei
accidentally left the ga3 turned on and
when found was in an unconscious condi
tion. He was removed to the Emergency
Hospital, where he was resuscitated by
Dr. Bunnell.
Barely Escapes Asphyxiation.
The funeral, which was one of the larg
est ever witnessed In that city, took place
from the Central Union Church. The
funeral cortege, which accompanied the
remains from tho church to the steamer,
included the National guard, a detach
ment of regulars and army band from
t'amp McKinley, members of the Hono
lulu Bar Association, Masons. Odd Fel
lows and other secret orders. Federal and
Territorial officials and many friends ot
the deceased. During the hours of the
services the flags of the city were at half
staff and business was suspended.
Arriving here yesterday the body was
taken in charge by a delegation of local
Masons, under whose auspices the fun
eral will take place to-morrow morning
at 10 o'clock from Masonic Temple.
The body of the late Judge M. M. E3
tee of the United States District Court of
Hawaii, who died In Honolulu on the
morning of October 27, arrived in port
yesterday on the steamer Alameda. Ac
companying the remains were the widow
of the dead jurist, Miss E. H. Ryan, who,
for a number of years, was the stenog
rapher of the deceased, and Andrew
Brown, past master of the Masonic lodge
of Honolulu, to whose custody the body
was entrusted by the Masonic frater
nity of the islands for delivery to the San
Francisco lodge, of which Judge Estee
was an old and honored member.
The death of Judge Estee came unex
pectedly on the day before the Alameda
was to leave for San Francisco, but out
of respect to the wishes of the people of
the islands, who desired to pay some fit
ting tribute to the memory of the first
Justice of the new Territory, the steamer
was delayed several hours so that the re
mains could be properly prepared for the
long journey and appropriate services
rendered by the Masonic and other civic
and military organizations of Honolulu.
Suits for divorce were filed yesterday
by Frederick James White against Jen
nie Letitia White for intemperance and
Walter B. Griffith against Grace Dora
Noah Griffith for desertion. P
In the Divorce Court. *
The old original Indian Basket Store,
638 Post st., cor. Jones, selling out at cost.
Examine our stock before buying. •
Steamer Alameda Brings
to Port Remains of
Dead Jurist.
The best" ten marksmen of Battery B.
First Artillery, are to contest for a trophy
with an equal number of crack shots from
Company D.. Fifth Infantry, on the San
Rafael ranges November 15. Battery B
will also have a team shoot with Com
pany A, Fifth Infantry, early in Decem
ber.
National Guardsmen Will Shoot.
Troops on Guard at Niagara.
NIAGARA FALLS, Ontario. Nov. 3.—
The strike of the S00 laborers employed In
the construction of three great power
plants here is assuming a more dangerous
«sptct. The militia of this place is on
duty and the Tborold and St. Catherines
companies are assc-mbled ready for the
call. The plants, which are located in the
park, are on Government property.
Butchers' Union, .No. 113. yesterday aft
ernoon voted the sum of $^00 to help their
fellow workmen in Lo« Angeles, who are
at present out on a strike. It was also
¦decided to make another contribution,
provided the Los Angeles butchers hold
out for a few days longer. The union also
decided to fine all members who are late
in reporting for work $o. Many of the
members of the union have been tardy of
late and the union is determined to put
a stop to the practice.
The pattfrnma-kers will entertain their
friends at a social to be given November
14 at Union Square Hall. Reports from
Topeka. Kan., and Portland, Or., show
that many of the union workers in those
cities have been granted an increase in
wages of from 30 to 15 p«;r cent.
The pie bakfrs. who walked out last
Saturday, have resolved to remain firm
and will not go back to work until their
employers accede to their demands. The
following firms are affected by the strike:
J. W. Thorp. 3'4 Post street; Simpkins <£
Thorp. 11C <J* % ary street, and C. B. Knuii
8?on. 2"A Dorlar.d street.
PIE BAKERS RESOLVE
TO PROLONG STRIKE
Butchers' Union Votes $200 to Fel
low "Workmen in Los Angeles,
Who Are Out of Work.
MECHANICS' LIBRARY WILL
.UNDERGO MANY REPAIRS
yesterday afternoon before a
large and appreciative audience, ' includ
ing the members and their invited guests.
In discussing her subject, "The Future's
Claims," Miss Laughlin urged the neces
sity of claiming the ballot for women,
not so much for what it would give them
now as to be able to claim from the Leg
islature certain rights for women of the
future. The speaker referred with prido
to the Massachusetts women, who in
their appearance before the Legislature
have secured for the wife equal rights
In guardianship over their children. An
informal reception followed the lecture,
during which the speaker was tendered
the most enthusiastic support.
Miss Lauehlin, who is at present on
the coast for the purpose of organizing
the State for the next suffrage campaign,
is a graduate of Wellesley and of Cornell
University Law School. While at Welles
ley she founded the Agoro Society, now
the largest of the collece. At Cornell
she was elected president of the Dra
matic Club and speaker of Cornell Con
gress. In 1897, being chosen to represent
the congress in interclub debates, she won
the championship for it. In 1898, in a
series of interclub debates, open to all
the 2000 students, the greater number be
ing men, the prize was awarded Miss
"Laughlin. As a result of these victories
she was elected leader of the Cornell
team to debate with the University of
Pennsylvania and her eloquence gained
the victory for Cornell.
Soon after graduation Miss Laughlin
delivered such a strong address upon
'•Women Wage Earners" before the Na
tional. Suffrage Convention that she re
ceived an offer to become expert agent
of the United States Industrial Commis
sion to investigate the conditions of do
mestic service in the United States. She
has since lectured on suffrage work in
Maine, New York, Ohio, Kentucky, Louis
iana, Nebraska and Montana, and will
be heard before several clubs during her
brief stay in San Francisco.
MISS GAIL LAUGHLIN, a bril
liant young lawyer and orator
of New York, lectured in the
rooms of the California Club
Urges the Necessity of
the Ballot for the
Gentler Sex.
NEW YORK, Nov. 3. — A decision wai
reached to-day in the matter of the
labor dispute between the Amalgamated
Street Railway employes and the street
railway companies of San Francisco,
after several months' investigation by an
arbitration committee. The verdict
reached by the members of the commit
tee will be announced to-morrow by
Oecar S. Strauss of this city, who was
chosen by the representatives of the
rmployes and employers as referee, and
who served on the committee with Col
onel Patrick Calhoun for the street rail
ways and W. D. Mahone for the em
ployes.
Strauss, in his capacity as referee,
has heard much testimony on both sides
Kince his aid was called into service and
has made a thorough investigation of
the conditions that exist in the street
railway service of San Francisco.
The terms of his decision have not yet
been announced beyond the fact that he
found in favor of an increase in the
wages of the employes, while he refused
to recommend any change in or shorten
ing of th* hours of work.
It was learned on reliable authority that
the men have been granted an Increase of
2 cents an hour. They will receive 27 cents
an hour. They asked for an increase of
6^j cents an hour. This means that the
men will receive $2 30 for a ten-hour day.
No changes were made in the working
hours.
Sp*ci«J D!ez*tfeh to The Call.
IXemand for a Shortening of the
Present "Working Hours "Will
Not Be Recommended
to the Company.
Eeferee Will Officially An
nounce Decision of Com
mittee To-Day.
JUDGE ESTEE'S
BODY IS HERE
G. Moees Cobb, who for years had been
one of the most eminent lawyers and
men of affairs in San Francisco, passed
peacefully away at the Lane Hospital at
an early hour yesterday morning. The
direct cause of his death was typhoid
fever, though he had been a sufferer from
a complication of ailments for a long
time.
Cobb was born at Princeton, Worcester
County, Mass., on November 24, 1S20. He
was a descendant of a famous family
that had emigrated to Massachusetts
with the Puritans. He received his earlier
education at Groton Academy, and, after
graduating with honors there, went to
Harvard, where he began the study of
law.
After completing his course at Harvard,
Cobb began the practice" of his profes
sion in Middlesex and Sheffield counties,
Massachusetts. He practiced with much
success and was deemed one of the
brightest young lawyers in those parts.
At the outbreak of the Civil War young
Cobb was seized with the fighting spirit,
and, abandoning his chosen profession,
entered the ranks of the United States
Volunteers and fought in many of the
bloody battles of that bitter engagement
for two years. Then he resolved to seek
r.ew fields, and arrived in San Francisco
at the close of the war.
Cobb had resided in this city ever since.
He began the practice v of law as soon as
he came here, and up to the time of his
death he was looked upon as one of the
best authorities on legal questions. He
was always known as an honest, ener
getic citizen and was honored by all the
early settlers in this city.
Cobb was a prominent member of the
Knights Templar, Masons and Odd Fei
lows and always took an active part in
the affairs of the three organizations. He
is survived by a wife, Mrs. Sophia Cobb.
at present in Boston; a son. Harry Cobb,
and five grandchildren, one of whom,
Francis Harold Cobb, is a resident of this
city.
During the day Feld was visited by his
mother, brother and a number of rela
tives. The only time he showed any emo
tion was when ho saw his mother. Tears
filled his eyes and for a moment he could
not speak. Although he had been five
years on the force, he is not yet 27 "years
of age. Attorney Choynski, who repre
sented him in the divorce suit brought
by his wife, also visited him.
Feld positively 'declined yesterday to
make any statement for publication. It Is
thought that his plea will be self-defense,
from the fact that, Dirking's son slipped
a bread knife into his father's hand when
Mrs. Dirking and Mrs. Feld were being
beaten at the front door by Feld. Ac
cording to Dirking's ante-mortem state
ment, immediately after the knife had
been passed to him, Feld stepped back
three paces and took deliberate aim at
him, firing the fatal Bhot. As an evi
dence of the close range at which the
shot was fired it was discovered yester
day that the bullet had passed through a
book containing about a dozen of Dirk
ing's business cards. It is also thought
that the plea may be temporary insan
ity.
When Chief Wittman reached his office
yesterday morning he at once, In ac
cordance with a provision in the charter,
served a written notice upon Feld sus
pending him, and his star was taken from
him.
Fritz Dlrklne, who was shot by his eon*
in-law. Policeman Joseph Feld, at his
residence, 11 Fair avenue, on Monday
rJght, died at St. Luke's Hospital yester
day morning, shortly after 6 o'clock, and
the body was removed to the Morgue.
Feld, who had been booked on a charge
of assault to murder, was immediately
booked on a charge of murder.
Feld did not display any emotion when
told that his father-in-law was dead.
After being booked, he asked Desk Ser
geant Melody to be allowed to walk
around the prison and not be locked up,
but Melody said he could not extend, any
such privilege without the consent of
his superiors. Feld made the same re
quest of Sergeant Bidwell, who has
charge of the prison, but he received the
same answer.
Attorney Who Ranked High
Here and in Massachu
setts Expires.
Street Railway Em
ployes to Get 2 Cents
More an Hour.
Self Defense or Temporary
Insanity May Be Plea
of Slayer.
o
G. Moses Cobb Dies at
Lane Hospital After
Long Illness.
Officer Peld, Who Shot
Him, Charged With
Murder.
ARBITRATORS
DECIDE FOR
THE CARMEN
DEATH SUMMONS
LEADING LAWYER
FRITZ DIRKING
DIES OF WOUND
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 4. 1903.
MISS LAUGHLIN
TALKS BEFORE
CLUB WOMEN
TALENTED YOUNG WOMAN
WHO LECTURED BEFORE
THE CALIFORNIA CLUB.
The town of Mill Valley and F. F. Bost
wlck have brought suit against Town
Treasurer A. L.. ! House to compel him
to sign bonds for municipal Improvements.
The bonds were ready for issuance, but
House refused to attach his signature to
them on the ground that t,he procedure
was not legal. The sum involved is $37,000.^
The Supreme Court will hear the case
Docember 7.
Befuses to Sign Bonds.
has for forty-five years had one article
in his supply — Borden's Eagle Brand
Condensed Milk. It gives to soldiers,
sailors, hunters, campers and miners a
daily comfort, "like the old home." De
licious in coffee, tea and chocolate. •;
The Old Camper
The officers continued their investiga
tions and say they ascertained that Keith
worked as a street sweeper during the
day and In the evening he bought arti
cles from crooks and sold them to sec
ond-hand dealers at a good profit. He
said' he bought the bronze clock from a
man he did not know for 70 cents, and
was offering it for $2 when arrested, al
though It is said to be worth about $14.
Keith is a native of Germany and came
to this country a poor man fourteen
years ago. He is now 42 years of age. He
has been in the city for seven years and
for five years has been a street sweeper.
He refused to put up ball for his release
or to engage an attorney to defend him.
Among his papers were found answers
to an advertisement for a wife. He ad
mitted inserting the advertisement, but
said that the women who answered it
were not satisfactory and he was en
gaged to marry Miss Rose Bruder, a tel
ephone girl, who lives at 1134 Green street.
She was an old acquaintance and their
marriage had been fixed for next Jan
uary.
Conrad Keith, a street sweeper, who Is
alleged to be worth lr» the neighborhood
of $20,000, was booked at the City Prison
yesterday morning by Detectives Ryan
and Taylor on a charge of petty larceny
and a bronze clock was booked as evi
dence against him. The detectives saw
Keith on Sunday night in a second-hand
store on Clay street, trying . to sell the
clock for $2, and as he refused to give a
satisfactory explanation of how he carria
into possession of the timepiece, he was
Jailed pending an investigation.
The detectives discovered that the clock
had been stolen from a house in Belden
place and they decided to search Keith's
room, at 913 Montgomery street, as they
had received an intimation that he was
something of a "fence" for thieves. They
found in a trunk nine watches, two gold
chains, four razors, live pairs of shears,
a large quantity of silver knives, forks
and spoons and a quantity of clothing.
They also found a. bag filled with one
cent pieces and near the bag nine bank
books and several certificates of stock
in a building and loan association. One
of the bank books showed a deposit of
nearly $1000 and the others lesser
amounts.
14
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ONLY A SUGGESTION.
But It Has Proven of Interest and
Value to Thousands.
Common sense would suggest that if !
one wishes to become fleshy and plump j
it can only result from the food we cat
and digest and that food should be al-
buminous or flesh forming food, like
eggs, beefsteak, and cereals; in other
words the kinds of food that make flesh
are the foods which form the greater
part of our daily bills of fare.
But the trouble is that while", we eat
enough and generally too much, the
stomach, from abuse and overwork, does
not properly digest and assimilate it,
which is the reason so many people re-
main thin and under weight; the digest-
ive organs do not completely digest the
food forming beefsteak and eggs and
similar wholesome food.
There are thousands of such who are
really • confirmed . dyspeptics, ¦ although
they may have no particular pain or in-
convenience from their stomachs.
If such persons would lay their preju-
dices aside and make a regular practice
of taking, after each meal, one or two
of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets the food
would be quickly and thoroughly digest-
ed, because these tablets contain the
natural peptones and diastase which
every weak stomach lacks, and by sup-
plying this want - the stomach Is soon
enabled; to reach its natural tone and
vigor. •' ' .
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets . digest
every form of flesh forming food, meat,
eggs, bread, and potatoes, and this is the
reason they so quickly build . up,
strengthen and invigorate thin, J dyspep-
tic men, women and children.
Invalids and children, even the most
delicate, use them with marked benefit
as they contain no strong, irritating
drugs, no cathartic nor any harmful In-
! gredient. • ' - •
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets is the most
successful and most widely : known of
any remedy for stomach troubles be-
i cause it is the most reasonable and sci-
entific of modern medicines. I
Stuart'er Dyspepsia Tablets are sold
by every druggist in the United States
and Canada as well as in Great Britain,
at 60 .cents for complete treatment.
Nothing further is required to cure
any stomach trouble or to make thin,
nervous dyspeptic people, strong, plump
ftsd welL '¦. £, ,- ¦ y * .". | j . i
ADVESTISEIVrR'NTS.
Special Values in :>
Colored and Black
Dress Fabrics.
m a r\n f 50-INCH BASKET WEAVE CHEVIOTS,
$ A »0 0 J ln camel's-halr effects, Yeru deslraDla
I yard I for tailor- made and outing suits, all
the new Fall colorings.
f 50-fNCH ALL-WOOL ENGLISH CHEV-
8> A *0 0 j I0T i wnlte dottel effects, ln shades of
I yard V Roual, Cardinal, Navn, Olive, Garnet,
\i Seal, Golden Brown and Black.
*m aa f 44-INCH GENUINE FRENCH all-wool
$ A •00 J ' POPLIN, in a good varletrj of shades,
1 yard | Including tans, hiues, Drowns, reds,
graus, greens and cream.
Q A (\(\ i 50-INCH BLACK SILK-FINISHED ZIB-
3>>| •UU ) ELINES, GRANITE CLOTHS, YENE-
X yard TIANS AND BASKET CLOTHS.
m a r /% f 54-INCH BLACK PEBBLE CHEVIOTS,
S>/1 .50 J CANVAS CLOTHS, DIAGONALS, UN-
I yard \ FINISHED WORSTEDS and NOPPE
v£ V H0P SACKINGS.
(Pi OC ( 46-INCH BLACK PEBBLE CAMEL'S-
<p/| .AO ) HAIR WIRE CLOTHS, NOPPE GRAN-
X yard ITES anfl> EN GLISH CHEVIOTS.
We are also showing a new line of FANCY WOOL
WAISTINGS ln Oxford and Canvas Weave Effects-
ail the new color comhlnations.
75c and 35c uard.
lSJ/^T^r? Orders by mall receive prompt attention.
l^tV— * 1 aZ-J All orders for samples or goods filled
— and shipped same day they are received.
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Every woman in San Francisco should seize
her opportunity at this great carpet and rug
special to secure' her heavy rugs and warm
floor covering for the winter. The offer is
superb and the prices are the lowest specials of
the year.
BRUSSELS— For parlor, bedroom or dining-room. Stair car-
pets to match. Dozens of patterns in this one line. Rich-
colored, small-figured, in Oriental, Persian and ilC^-*
Floral designs; two tones, reds and greens. . 05 C
Sewed, lined and laid, by the yard, Brussels Carpet
TAPESTRY BRUSSELS— Beautiful, brilliant, animated Car-
pets in colors of velvet richness. Rich rose florals on deep
navy .ground and heavy tan ground with a wonder- £%/\ -^
ful blending of pale rose colors and light greens. y\JQ
By the yard laid, Tapestry Brussels
EXTRA HEAVY BRUSSELS— In deep oxblood reds and heavy.
shaded greens and tans; in light floral with interwoven scroll,
giving a peculiar foliage effect, and in the odd tf*4 *%f\
Oriental camel's hair design. Sewed, lined J$1»^jU
'and laid, by the yard, extra heavy Brussels. . . ~
LINOLEUM— Made of the best pulverized cork and lin- 9 JJr»
seed oil; an even dozen patterns from which to *2t^C
choose. By the square yard, laid
DUGS
AXMIIMSTER RUGS AND MATS— Scores of designs in scroll
and floral, tan, green and two-tone effects, 27 by QC?^ %
54 inches; special, $1.85. Axminster Mats for sin- y3C
gle door or dressing table, 18 by 36 inches—special
DELFT RUGS— Large bathroom Delft Rugs in tfjjj OP|
I greens and blues, 3 by 6 feet. One to a^cus- X D
to'rner • ;• • • *
A RUG NOVELTY-DOUBLE-FACED AXMINSTERS-The new-
est thing > in Rugs, a reversible* Axminster, 30 tf*5 f\f\
I by 60 inches. In India, Turkish and Persian 9 \J\J
. patterns. • • *^
SMYRNARETTES— 9 by 12 feet. \ Large, heavy d«<i f) j\f\
reversible Rugs^of very high pile nap and Jjl^j^yil
made in Oriental design. A big value
TAPESTRY RUGS— 9 by 13 feet; copies of . tfj-j n|%
Oriental Rugs in Daghestan \ and , Persian | JJI*1«3U
designs. Special this week. *r ww v
"The- Credit House." ' 233-23 J-237' Post : St.
MM 'I'M-
yfijTmiMy
ljJjacket$20.00
/RgftMli Fitted Back and
'*&&$!& - houlder Capes. All
/Msfw) Voci f rse v- Tan /
mn^ and Black Gilt But -f
[ra^^ tons. Rich Lining. I
]ffir Extra value, 520.00. 1
W Same Coat extra long, $22.50. 1
fj NEW MILITARY COAT, (likel
// picture) $25.00, very Fine Fin- H
(l ished Kersey, Tan, Black andl\
jj Navy. Red or Green or self 11
II colored velvet collar. Fitted back l|\
If. with wide pleat about 36 inches III
Wj long, and Rich. Satin lining, Gilt II 1
¦ I Buttons, unusual value, $25.00. I
II TIKE THINGS TO WEAR* j\J
I "Wj?j£ ue IjL
If MUMJNWE/U* MILLINERY 11
U 217OrantAve. jjj
* AX> VEBTT3 1! M HJIT3.
eO09O990O0O03QOOO00Q3O
I MISSION I
I FURNITURE I
• At 20% Discount |
3 From Regular Prices, e
• o
• €>
O We offer our entire line of G
| MISSION AND §
8 WEATHERED OAK 8
8 Dining-Room Furniture §
8 Bookcases 3
3 Desks 3
S Chairs 3
3 Tables, Etc. S
|Chas.M.Plnm&Co.|
< > Cor. Sib and Market Sis. g
oo»oo«ooooco«oooooo»QQ^
Jr Have
& You Read
%JF NOT BUY YtJ?
£3 net? Bf'flk'H Ggl &^¥|
JTIlJffffMKjr^iiTlinX AWk-*^* "*
ffe I § f\ fl &\ Ammunition, Hunting and
III Ift I V E P<"tlng Good*. Ursati
¦ ¦I I 111 itock. Lowest price*, swoj
H 11 IH| 1 for catalogue.
Uvl\! \& EHREVS * BAJUEX CO,
130 ilark.t »t. &O4 3U^