PRICE FIVE. CENTS.
VOLUKE XCIT— NO. 88.
REVOLUTIONISTS SLAY SOLDIERS
AND TURKEY PREPARES FOR WAR
LONDON, Aug. 26.— A" dispatch t from , Constantinople
says that all the remaining* European reserves belonging
to the:Second; and Army corps, sixteen battalions
of reserves in? Asiatic Turkey, 'and thirty-six- battalions of _.re
serves;vvill be': called to the colors.* ".This will bringi the.number
of Turkish troops, on a war footing in Macedonia; up; to nearly
350 battalions, whichwould-be an : army of 322,700 men,
which ¦ is almost double the force , employed during ¦: the Avar
between" Turkey and Greece.' The Turkish Government", has
apparently, decided to use all "possible energy to repress rebellion.
Eumer Rushdi Pacha, commander, of ; the Turkish troops in
Macedonia; has been recalled. . Ibrahim Pacha has been 'ap
pointed to succeed him. . - ' ,:.,__
Continued on- Page) 3,' Column 5;
j WASHINGTON, Aug. 26.— The re-estab
lishmeht of the South Pacific station and
thie maintenance in those waters . of a
cruiser .' squadron Is ' the plan which the
Navy Department " expects to bring to
fruition within a year. The fleet formerly
maintained there was practical'!' with
drawn several -ryears ago . and now the
Pacific squadron's radius of action In
cludes'.in addition to the United States
and ; Mexican 'coasts, the coast of ; South
'American^ countries as far south as Chile,
while* the South Atlantic squadron is sup
posed to operate as far aroun.l the Horn
as -Valparaiso. This is . hot satisfactory,
and the '.'United States flag flying from
formidable 'warships . has not '. been seen
as much, on the South American Pacific
coaat, as 'the 'Government -thinks it would
be i_ at- a , time when relations . with . South
American, republics and the United States
are so' close and cordial. 1 ; I
¦T^.Within -.the* next year, the Denver, the
the; £>es 'Molnes, the Tacoma.
'and* possibly the Chattanooga and .the
,Galve8ton f f protected cruisers of 2100 tons
burden,' eighteen knots ¦ speed * and effec
tlve armament, will be In commission.
•These ,; ships : will be easily handled, ad
mirable^,- craf t'-for; South American -'ser
vice i should : the* .department decide : to dis
tribute them on: South Atlantic .and ' Pa
cific' stations.' /¦-'.; . . ' ;\
COUNCIL BLUFFS, Iowa. Aug. Si-
Two cloudbursts, one at 5:30 this after
noon and the other, at 9:30. to-night, have
destroyed hundreds'" of thousands of dol
lars* worth of property in this city. The
storm at 5:30 turned the streets of the
cjty Into torrents, and hundreds of fami
lies in the lower districts of the city were
removed from their homes with difficulty.
Many business houses were flooded by
the first storm, and the damage to stocks
will amount to thousands.
The storm at 9:30 raised tne water high
er than the one earlier In the evening,
and many houses that were not touched
by the first flood have been badly dam
aged, so that the loss in this city alone
Is now estimated at half a million dollars.
The ¦ rainfall ' here far the twenty-four
hours ending at mldight will amout to
six inches. Onawa reported 4.75 inches at
noon, with all streams out of their banks,
and. rain still falling.
The Northwestern Railroad Is not run
ning a train in nor out of the city and
reports washouts between Ida Grove and
Battle Creek, Iowa, and between Maple
ton and Castana. Iowa. The Rock Island
and Milwaukee are both tied up and not
running "trains In nor out of this '-'city.
Both roads have bad washouts a Short
distance east of this city.
Great Destruction
by Two Cloud
bursts.
Cruiser Squadron
¦MayBe
7tained;
WATER POURS
IN A FLOOD
UPON A CITY
NEW NAVAL
STATIN FOR
THE PACIFIC
EUROPEAN RULERS- WHO ARE SOON TO MEET AT VIENNA AND
AMONG OTHER THINGS DISCUSS THE ALARMING SITUATION EX
• ; ISTING IN THE BALKANS, WHICH THREATENS A TERRIBLE WAR.
NEW YORK. Aug. CS.— Charles. R. Flint
to-day announced that he Is organizing' a
new combination pf the box board Indus
trie? of the country. The new concern will
take in the" United Box- Board Company
and some fourteen other companies
Box-Board Combine Planned.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 26.— The Governor
to-night denied the application 'for a re
prieve ; of Joh'n E. Sexton. ' sentenced ' by*
the* El Dorado County Superior Court, to
two years' Imprisonment in the State
prison at San Quentin for extortion. The
application was made in order to permit
Sexton to appeal to tne ' Supreme Court
before being taken to" the State prison. : «
Denies Application for a Reprieve
Tvo Members of a Religious Order
Prepare to Start for-
Mclckei.
fc'RACUSE. N. Y.. Aus. 2C.-S!ster
Ceta of Louisville, Ky., is at the Fran
ci» n ; Convent In this city, making prep
»ra.ons to accompany Sister Mary
Leoida to the Hawaiian Islands, where
***** will work among the lepers.
ttSTERS WILL DEVOTE
LIFE WORK TO LEPERS
Wai Wu Pu Telegraphs Decision to
Open Two Ports to For
eign Trade. ••
SHANGHAI, Aug. 26.-The Wai Wu Pu
(Foreign Board) has telegraphed to the
Treaty Revision Commissioners notifying
them of the decision to open Mukden and
Tatungkao to foreign trade October 8. S
TREATY COMMISSIONERS
RECEIVE NOTIFICATION
.SOFI A.v Aug. . 26.— The j Macedon-^
ian committee i has ¦ issued - a black - border
ed list of seventy ? villages . which have
been pillaged and destroyed In the vila
yet of M6nastlr.\to which. are added/ In
stances of .' revolting/ outrages perpetrat
ed- on .women. -The .publication; of -this
sheet ; has . created-, a • sensation. - . , . '¦
i No news « has ¦•, been - ; received; in
'circles ito-day from . interior of < Mace
donia. The .revolutionists at Kisch^vo are
reported tb'have six ¦quick-firing, guns. In
a fight whlch^ has.' Juiit oecurredln
dlstiist " the- ' " : Insurgents J defeated ¦¦•'• and
alsuurhtftred on entire detachment of
SALONICA,\Aug. 26. T The telegraph
, wires have been ! cut between ; Sa-j
lonica ' and | , Vardor, twenty-five'
miles southwest of 'this. 'city.: *,- ¦']
eighty soldiers. A Turklshxourier.carry
lng*40,000' francs, intended for the .'pay 'of
the -troops, -has -been* captured- by. insur
gents, near Surovltchovo.7 The, rebels have
blown up an; iron -bridge over, a deep;ra
vlne on '. the high road between ' Losengrad
and Demirdzehahd.
¦ An lmmense^maoa^meetlng of Macedon
ians' took •" place 'here, to-day .',,, The'- pro
ceedings 7 were most enthusiastic. • V 1% ¦ was
resolved * that < a : memorandum- should ' be
presented to • the representatives 'of 'the
great' powers ait' Sofld^urglhg their/- gov-
ern'ments to' take* action, ; *¦; * ' " ', . r ¦
'•- The' recent- visit of,' the-. Russian squad
ron. ;to Turkish waters.' was -much- com
mented > upon ¦ at the* meeting, y It Was > de-
SEATTLE, Wash., Aug. 26.— Because or
continued disasters resulting in loss of
life, .100 men have quit work In the Tread
•well mine on Douglas Island, Alaska.
Forty returned on the steamer Dolphin,
which brings the news of the wholesale
desertion of the mine employes. The
men intimate that the most famous
quartz property in Alaska Is "hoodooed."
In support of , this contention they cite
that seven miners met violent deaths
within a week at Tread well.
Continued Disasters Frighten Miners.
Wires Are Cut Near Salonica ;and
LONDON, Aug. 27.— The' Dally Tele
graph's correspondent at Brussels says
t is quite certain that an agreement was
signed some months ago between France
<nd Kinsf Leopold for the protection of
he Congo Free Elate against any attack
»pon its independence.
POWERS WILL PROTECT
ORANGE FBEE STATE
Certain That France and Belgium
Have Signed an Agreement
to That End.
Emperor Gives Expression to Dis
pleasure at King's Treatment
of Countess Lonyay.
VIENNA, Aug. 26.— The Weiner Allege
me!ne Zeitung Bays Emperor Francis Jo
seph has refused to receive. King Leo
pold, who proposed to come to Vienna.
The quarrel is due to King Leopold's
treatment of his daughter. Countess Lon
yay. whose first marriage- was with the
Emperor's second son, the late Duke Ru
dolph.
FRANCIS JOSEPH REFUSES
TO RECEIVE LEOPOLD
German Army Officer Shoots Himself
and Then Jumps Into
a River.
BERLIN, Aug. 27.— The body of Count
von Baudissen, an army cfHcer at Berlin,
was. drawn frcm the river at Hamburg
to-day. The Count had shot himself and
then jumped into the water because of
unrequited love.
UNREQUITED LOVE CAUSES
THE SUICIDE OF A COUNT
NEWARK, N. J., Aug. 26.— Cortlandt
Parker Jr., acting United States District
Attorney for this district, to-day received
instructions from the Solicitor \ of the
Treasury to take the necessary steps to
have released from the custody of Sheriff
Cordell of Union County the United States
cruiser Chattanooga at the Crescent ship
yards at Elizabethport. The Sheriff seized
the cruiser under writs of attachment Is
sued out of the Supreme Court of thl3
State.
SEEKING THE RELEASE
OF CRUISER. CHATTANOOGA
Treasury Department Instructs'Dis
trict Attorney to Take Neces
sary Legal Steps.
LONDON. Aug. 27,-The Daily Mail's
correspondent at Belgrade cays King Pe-
Xer is determined to suppress the mili
tary malcontents with an iron hand. On
Tuesday, three army colonels, two cap
tains and a newspaper editor were con
demned to death for participation in a
plot which was discovered and rendered
abortive. Despite this, however, says the
correspondent, the King is obviously In
the hands of the recent regicides, who
are causing a reicn of terror.
PLOTTING ARMY OFFICERS
CONDEMNED TO DEATH
King Peter Is Determined to Sup
press the Military Malcon
tents of Servia.
CHICAGO, Aug. 27.— At midnight fire
started In the freighthouse of N the Chi
cago, Rock Island and Pacific Railroad,
situated at Polk and Sherman streets.
The flames had secured quite a start' when
discovered, and by the time the first en
gine arrived the building, which Is 250 feet
long and two stories high, was a mass of
flames. The firemen from the first had
little hope of. saving the structure or any
of its contents. The loss Is principally on
outgoing freight and is estimated at $500,
000.
Rock Island Road Suffers a Loss
Amounting to About Half
a Million.
CHICAGO FREIGHT/HOUSE
IS DESTROYED BY FIRE
CHATTANOOGA, Tenn., Aug. 26.— The
announcement Is made here to-day by a
member of the special board appointed by
the ordnance department to make rifle
tests at Buffalo that the United States
Government will in a few days issue
formal announcement of the adoption of
the improved Sprir.ifteld rifle and the dis
carding of the Krags. The decision was
reached after a long series of tests by the
board, and the report was accepted and
approved by the ordnance department.
The weapon adopted will be seven
pounds In weight, whi'.e the Krag now in
use weigh* nine. The Krags will be dis
tributed to the militia of the various
States.
on a New and Lighter
Weapon.
Ordnance Officers Prepare Report
msW EIFLE SELECTED
FOB AMERICAN TROOPS
The Nunlvak's crew claim they were
told that no hard work would be asked
of them on the trip down. Captain Tyler
refers to them as "a bunch of kickers."
The Nunivak was formerly used as a
revenue cutter on the Yukon, having been
purchased at St. Michael by the W. D<
Hoflus Co. for use on the Puget Sound.
The men have refused to leave the ship
until they are paid off.
TACOMA, "Wash... Aug. 26.— The Nome
miners who returned last night from
St. Michael as members of the crew of
the small Yukon steamship Nunivak tell
stories of hardships and sufferings during
the seven weeks that the Nunivak was
slcwly working her way through the
Bering Sea and- down the Alaskan coast
to Puget Sound. From July 3 until last
night the steamer. had been at the mercy
of the weather and\ieavy seas. Accounts
agree that on several occasions food was
short. Two anchors were lost overboard.
At another time one of the vessel's life
boats was cut loose and sent adrift. One
of the crew was compelled to jump over
board, swim to the boat and bring it
back. Several times the Nunivak ran on
mud fiats close into the shore and dur
ing the change of tide was high and dry.
When she left St Michael she had' but
three days' provisions aboard, necessi
tating stops at Good News Bay, where
supplies were procured from a fishing
schooner; at Lagoon, where the larder
was replenished with ducks and a supply
of claims; at Sand Point, at Prince Will
iam Sound and at Juneau. In False Pass
both anchors were- lost during a terrific
storm. The boat put back and the an
chors were found In shallow water by
dragging.
Sailors Agree on Story That on Sev
eral Occasions There Was a *
Food Shortage.
CREW OF THE NUKTVAK
TELL OF HARDSHIPS
WASHINGTON, Aug. 26.— Public Print
er Palmer late this afternoon issued an
order that all per diem and piece work
employes of the Government printing of
fice must immediately take the regular
oath of office*, which embodies a vow to
support the constitution of the United
States. Palmer admits that the order did
not originate with him, but that he was
directed to promulgate It. He will not
discuss the matter in detail, but says
that the initiative came from an official
high In position.
By those familiar with the situation
this is held to mean that instructions to
the Public Printer came from President
Roosevelt through Secretary Cortelyou
of the Department of Commerce and La
bor. This order by the Public Printer is
the direct outgrowth of the Miller case.
Heretofore only salaried employes of the
Government printing office and a number
of minor officials on the per diem scale
have been required to take the oath of
office. Hereafter every employe of that
branch of the service will be required to
take the oath. This means that there
will be no rocm for doubt left- In the
minds of-emplfyes-otfihe bureau. that-Jo
all possible trade 'difficulties which .may,
arise in the future, the constitution ofj the
United States Is to be 'the first ; consid
eration and the constitution of the labor.
unions Is to be held of secondary consld-i
eration.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
General Velutini, Venezuela's Minister
to Paris, has, it is understood, signed
"ad referendum," an agreement covering
these points. Persons here who know
President Castro's character, declare that
his hatred for everything foreign in the
way of "control" will lead .iim to reject
the agreement and the question Is asked—
If he does so, how will the foreign claims
against Venezuela be paid?
The Banque de Paris and its associates
would receive for obtaining the consent
of the various creditors and furnishing
45,500,000 francs In cash, ten per cent, pay
able in scrip of the entire sum of 218,000
000 francs.
This 12,000,000 would beconie collectable
In proportion to customs receipts by
agents who would have an international
character and wouid be. appointed with
the concurrence of all; the powers inter
ested in the loans now existing and would
be deposited in a special bank • of , new
loan.'". Tlio' sum of 138,000,000 francs would
be^ handed to. the holders of former, loans
and the* balance - out, 58,200^000 francs,
would "be purchased by the Banque\de
Paris and its syndicate at the rate of
eighty per cent and be transmitted in
gold to thie Venezuelan Government, giv-.
ing the latter 46,500,000 francs which would
put It in a position to pay the awards of
the mixed tribunals.
Venezuela's debts amount to 258.000,000
francs, quoted at present at from twenty
three to thirty per cent. It la proposed
to offer to holders of the different debts
the opportunity to exchange their scrip
at two-fifths of -its value tor the scrip of
a new debt, which Is to bear interest at
5.48 per cent and to be redeemable in
fifty years. The amount of the new debt
to be created under the proposed plan
would be about 218,000,000 francs, for the
service of which 12,000,000 francs would
suffice, a sum inferior to that now carried
on the Venezuelan budget.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 26.— Information
has been received here that the Venezu
elan Government Is negotiating with the
Banque de Paris for the unification of
Venezuela's entire public debt, both for
eign and domestic, including all unpaid
interest.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Instructions Believed to
Have Come From the
President.
Castro May Reject Proposals
and Vex the Foreign
Governments.
Negotiations Are Be
i gun With a Bank
in Paris.
Direct Outgrowth of
Trouble With
"Union.
The superstitious lower class Is agitating
for tie expulsion of Professor Krull of
Munich, who predicted the eruption, de
claring that he has the "evil «ye,"
The alarm In the villages was somewhat
quieted by the Mayor affixing notices de
claring that there was no danger. The
chief cf police of Naples has gone per
sonally, to make a tour of the villages
-.jncuafl -Vesuvius in crdf-toiroaasure the
peasants and superintend any measures
of protection which may be deemed neces
sary.
feet below the central cone of
"Tesavtus the volcano opened like a huge
mouth, oat of which belched a fiery
etresm of lava, which ran down the side
of the mountain and at first seemed to
menace the observatory. This building
however, is protected in the direction of
the stream by a rnound of lava twenty
teet high, which was thrown out during
the eruptions of 1S35 and 1300.
The eruption occurred without any
"tarring whatever. There was no earth
quake, detonation or rain of ashes — noth
ing but a clear stream of lava and red
hot stones, which were thrown to a height
of 700 feet, producing an extremely beau
tiful effect seen from Naples. The stream
ol lava, which is fifteen feet broad, at 11
o'clock had covered a distance of 2700 feet.
It deviated later from the direction of the
observatory, which is no longer menaced.
The only danger is for the new electric
tramway up the volcano, which, however,
has thus far not been touched. The erup
tion already seems to be decreasing, and
it is hoped no damage will result from It.
The spectators far enough away not to be
frightened stood entranced at the specta
cle, but those nearer the volcano were
seized by panic when the eruption began
and rushed down from the sides of the
mountain and from the adjacent country
to the villages of Portici and Resina,
which are built over the ruins of Hercu
laneura.
_ _ APLES, Aug. 26.— The people of
JwL i Naples and the environs wit
/ %/ nessed a remarkable epectacle
• V 8 t noon to-day. One thousand
Spectators Flee
From a Scene
of Peril.
Effort Now Being
Made to Merge
the Bills. \-
Order Is -Issued
by Public
Printer.
Red' Hot Stones
Hurled High
in Air.
VENEZUELANS
PLAN DEBT
UNIFICATION
MUST SWEAR
TO SUPPORT
CONSTITUTION
Peculiar Eruption
of the Italian
Volcano.
VESUVIUS BELCHES FIERY LAVA AND ALARMS TOWNS
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, AUGUST 27, 1903:
The San Francisco Call.SOFIA, Aug. 26.— A private telegram
from Dubnitza aays that a number of
Bulgarian officers, leading a band of 150
insurgents, recently forced their way
past the Turkish post at Fekla and now
occupy an unassailable position.
Rumors are current here of serious
massacres at Vasiliko and Klrk-Klllsseh.
Three hundred persons are said to have
been killed. Details and confirmation are
lacking.
VIENNA, Aug. 26.— It is stated that the
Porte la preparing an answer to the re
cent Bulgarian memorandum to the pow
ers by a note declaring Bulgaria to be
directly responsible for the rising in the
vilayet of Adrianople, and declining to be
responsible for the consequences.
There is a report that the Porte has
ordered the authorities In Macedonia to
protect the Greeks, and that it has also
authorized the commander* to call for,
the T £o-"bberation ' 'of" the "Greeic" villagers'
against the insurgent leaders. There Is
also talk of the possibility of a Turko-
Greek alliance. . . , - .•
Sublime Porte Prepares to Answer
Some Recent' Charges.
TURKEY BLAMES BULGARIA.
SOUTHAMPTON, N. Y., Aug. 26.— The
Oxford and Cambridge golfers played
grand golf over the Shinnecock links this
afternoon and won the international teajm
match in a dashing manner by eight
points to three, winning five of the in
dividual matches and losing but three.
The team match was preceded in the
morning by an 18-hole medal play scratch
competition for a cup presented by R. H.
Williams, on which depended the selec
tion of members of the team in the
match with the English players. In thb
competition Walter J. Travis and F. 3.
O. Alsop tied at 74, Ellis leading the En
glishman with 76. A new amateur record
for tho course of 71 was made by H. W.
Beveridge and equaled by Walter J. Tra
vl«- "¦ Travis, bad Norman V. Hunter aa
«n opponent. * They both played gOOX
golf, Hunter doing the course In 71 The.
tie of the morning for the Williams cup
at 74 between Travis and Alsop was de
cided "by their scores of the afternoon.
Alsop did a 77 and Travis a 71, thereby
capturing the handsomest trophy of the
tournament.
English Golfers Win Team Match.
VIENNA, Aug. 26.— A hundred thousand
Austro-Hungarlan troops, whose threa
years' service expires in September, have
been notified that they must remain wtth
the colors until the end of 1003, in con
sequence of the Diet not passing the bill*
providing for the annual Quota of re- T
crults from Hungary. The order is con
sidered to be a severe blow to the farm
ers.
TBOOPS MUST. BEMAIN . *
WITH AUSTRIAN COLORS
Farmers Will Suffer Because of the
Diet's Failure to Provide
Becruits.
CRAWFORDVILLE, Ind . Aug. 2&-Gen
eral Lew Wallace said to-night, when
asked for a statement regarding the
Macedonians and whether the United
States should take any action in stopping
the outbreaks and massacres that are
Shocking the civilized world:
. There Is nothing in the Turkish situation
with which the American Government has to
do. It there are atrocities b'elng perpetrated
by the Turks It is for the European powers to
act. not us, and this will continue while the
old Berlin treaty endures. In the next place,
who Is in the right? As I understand it. the
Sultan is p imply defending the integrity of his
empire and he is a poor Christian -who would
deny him that much. It Is not out of mem
ory that we had a rebellion In our country.
It Is also to be remembered that We put it
down, no foreign power interfering.
General Lew Wallace Talks of the
Macedonian Situation.
SULTAN DEFENDS EMPIBE.
PARIS, Aug. 26.— The report of the
French experts appointed to confer. with
the United States Monetary Exchangs
Commissioners has been delivered to Em
bassador Porter. It contains a note from
Foreign Minister Delcasse, saying Farnca
is not prepared to express binding con
culsions until she has consulted with the
powers. The report indorses the principle
of a gold standard for -China and other
silver-using countries, but it pointsr out
that the plan 13 positive only under Judi
cious control of the coinage by the gov
ernment and the creation of an adequate
gald reserve. It favors a coinage ratio
for the Orient, fixing the face value of
silver slightly above Its bullion value,
similar to the American system, In the
Philippines. The French Commission
makes reservations upon the proposed
regular purchases of silver, oh the ground
that it is impossible to foresee the coun
try*9 need for subsidiary and colonial
coinage. Seml-offlclal advices from Rus
sia indicate that the commission appoint
ed by Finance Minister Wltte has made
a similar conculsion.
The French and Russians considered it
preferable to establish a uniform systrta
in China by beginning on a sliver ba£ta
and afterward raising it to a fixed gold
value, than to begin on a gold standard
Immediately.
Government Experts' Report
•Is Delivered to Embai
sador Porter.
The Vienna cdrreepondent of the Times
says the Balkan outlook is daily darken
ing, and Turkey is r taking precautions
for the safety of Constantinople.
"The Sixth reslmen't,' notorious for its
fihare in the conspiracy against the late
King Alexander, is especially eager for
war, and Sit seems not improbable that
King Peter," yielding to military d'r.^atlon.
may eventually place himself at the head
of the warlike moyement.
¦ Excitement is Increasing in Servia, con
tinues the correspondent of' the Times, on
account ot the Macedonian rebellion. The
radical leaders are inclined to advocate
the establishment of ah -.autonomous gov
ernment in .Macedonia, provided due al
lowance Is made for Servian claims In the
north of Shar. The* large insurgent suc
cesses are hailed with enthusiasm.
It is rumored from Adrianople that the
troops- are using petroleum to burn the
forests sheltering the insurgents. It is
also stated thafithe Turkish officers have
received Orders "to" pursue the rebels into
Bulgaria. £? .
Telegrams frbzn*Bu'rgas, Turkey, seven
ty-six miles northeastof Adrianople, state
that a Russian cruiser has entered that
port. ¦ ••.••,•- - •¦ •
spondent/of the Times,- discussing the
situation in the Balkans, says a war be
tween Turkey and Bulgaria is no longer
regarded as tl\e only remedy. It seems
probable that, in order to save appear-,
ances, Russia and Austria will support
an amplified reform scheme. It is quite
clear that a new departure must be made.
The Visit of 'the Czar to Vienna is ex
pected to mark -u new stage in the policy
of the two powdrs.
Favor a Coinage Ratio
for the Oriental
Countries.
FRENCH INDORSE
GOLD STANDARD
GRASS VALLEY, Aug. 26.— A mysteri
ous fire* destroyed the beautiful home of
Eugene' McCaffrey ;of the Polar i; Star
mine; at this place: early this morning.
McCaffrey was awakened by • the smoke
and managed to get his family out of the
house. . He then returned to the burning
dwelling and rescued Cornelius Buck, an
aged man who was sleeping in a back
room.' \
Rescues . Man From Burning House.
England Names Arbitration" Counsel
LONDON, Aug. 26.-Sir Robert 1 Finlaj
has been retained as' the Government'*
counsel in the arbitration at The Hague.
Accepts Offer of Cortelyou.
CHICAGO, Aug. 26. : -County Attorney
Edward :W. Sims to-day mailed, to Sec
retary George B. Cortelyou of the Depart
ment of .Commerce and Labor, his .ac
ceptance of the office of Solicitor for r the
Bureau of Corporations. ' tendered \ him
last^ week. His actual appointment I Is
expected to. follow Immediately, on receipt
of his letter in Washington. ,
Dispatch From Minister Beaupre.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 26.— A - dispatch
has been received by .the State Depart
ment from Minister Beaupre at iBogota,
dated August 17, but it, does not convey
definite information regarding the /canal
treaty further than has been stated here
tofore. '
PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 26— Kolb's bak
ery, occupying about a half-block in the
southern section of the city, was de
stroyed by fire to-day. The loss is es
timated at $150,000. Ten small . dwellings
In the rear of the bakery were badly
damaged. Twelve of the bakery employes
were in the building when the fire started
and all narrowly escaped with their
lives. . •
Bakery. Employes Narrowly Escape.
Tho victory was an easy one' for the
English- player, who was much 'more
steady, though at times less brilliant than
his opponent.- The American player made
many costly faults, and though he
showed better all-around form to-day
then he has recently, he did not at any
time come within reach of victory. Do
herty by to-day's success challenges W:
A. ( Lamed, the American champion,
whom he will meet in a match for 'the
title here to-morrow.
NEWPORT, R. I., Aug. 26.— H. L. Do
herty, the English lawn tennis champion,
defeated W. J. Clothier of Philadelphia
to-day, in the final of the national tour
nament, 6-3, 6-2, 6-3.
Doherty to Meet 1 Champion Lamed.
Assistant Coach Frank Slaker, ex-'O2,
who coached the backs last year, will ar
rive on September L The following var
sity men have returned to college: Cap
tain Bansbach '04, Hauverman '03, Spratt
'06, Clark '04, Thompson '04, Dole '05, Tar
pey '05, McGilvray '04.. Among the prom
ising- substitutes returning are: .Shields
•04,; Christy '04, Wilbur '05, Butterfleld '04,
Jacobs ,'01. and Hyde .'04. . .
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Aug. . 26.—
The first football rally of the season 'Will
be held Tiext Monday night. 'It will toe
thg starting gun for the football season.
Head . Coach • James F, Lanagan, '00, for
mer varsity baseball pitcher and captain
and coach, of the crack eleven, of JBelmont
School, arrived on the, campus this morn
ing. -After a conference with Captain
Bansbach of this year's varsity eleven,
it was decided active practice on V the
gridiron will begin next Tuesday -after
noon. • . '
Men of the Cardinal Eleven -Will
Settle Down to Practice
v Next Tuesday.
FIRST FOOTBALL RALLY
OF THE YEAR AT STANFORD
THE WEIRS, N. H., Aug. 26.— General
Nelson A: Milea, who' came as the guest
of the New Hampshire Veterans' Asso
ciation, arrived from California to-day.
He was received with a salute of seven
teen .guns and escorted to the soldiers'
pavilion by the survivors of the - Fifth
Regiment, New Hampshire Volunteers,
officers of the Veterans' Association and
invited euests. ,
Veterans Honor General Miles.
NEW YORK, Aug. 26.— Three firemen
were seriously overcome and several
others were slightly affected by smoke
from- a fire In the hold of the Dutch "bark
Amsterdam to-day. The vessel was load
ed with case oil. The men . were taken
out with difficulty, the rescuing firemen
being affected by the smoke. Two lire
boats were unable to subdue the flames,
and the bark was towed to the Jersey
flats and sunk.
Firemen Overcome in Ship's Hold.
The Governor endeavored to secure del
egates from the central and northern
mining counties, but could get no one to
Rccept the honors. The delegates have to
pay their own expenses and get no mile
age, which accounts for the.unreadintsa
of some citizens to go on.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 26.— Governor
Pardee to-day commissioned as delegates
to the American Mining Congress to as
semble in Deadwood, S. D., September 7,
the following Calif ornians:
From Los Angeles, Thomas Ewing,
Daniel Murphy, F. W. Vraun, H. S.
James and W. J. Trask; from San Fran
cisco, Frederick Rexinger, W. C. Ralston
and Charles M. Merrill; from Oakland,
Edward II. Benjamin; from Contra Costa
County, Charles Mr Belshaw.
to Deadwood Will Have to Pay
Their Own Expenses.
California Representatives Who Go
DELEGATION IS NAMED
TO THE MINING CONGRESS
OMAHA, Aug. 26.— The result of last
night's Democratic and Populist con
ventions Is generally accepted as a vic
tory for the fusion forces of the State as
opposed to. , middle-of-the-roaders.
The ante-convention talk of opposition to
fusion and to the Kansas City platform
was only an echo. That came in the Pop
ulist convention wfren C. Q. de France, a
delegate from Lincoln, moved that the
convention approve the Denver confer
ence. Another delegate at once moved
that the Question bu referred to the Na
tional Committee of 1904. The latter mo
tion prevailed, i.
Some comment has been indulged in re
garding the briefness of., the Democratic
platform on national issues, but. as Bryan
is credited with being in touch with the
authors of that document it. is accepted
as being satisfactory to his followers.
Democratic and Populist Opposition
to the Programme Proves to
• 'Be but an Echo.
ILLINOIS FUSION FORCES .
1 TRIUMPH IN CONVENTIONS
CHICAGO,' Aug. 26.— In the Federal
Court to-day a receiver was appointed for
the T.- Nicholson & Sons -Company,- one
of the largest contracting firms of Chi
cago. In . his petition to the court coun
sel for the company attributed the insol
vency of the firm largely to * labor
troubles. Numerous strikes on several
large buildings upon which the Nicholson
concern is engaged have so seriously em
barrassed the company that, according to
the attorney, it is insolvent.' The debts
of the contractors are said to be between
$75,00Q and $100,000," but no public statement
has been made.
Chicago Contractors Fail With Debts
of Between $75,000 and
$100,000.
LABOR TROUBLES DRIVE
FIRM INTO INSOLVENCY
CARTHAGE, * Mo., Aug. 26.— An explo
sion at the works of the Independent
Powder Company, situated four miles
southwest of Carthage on Center Creek,
early to-day, wrecked the mixing-room,
killing three persons and injuring three
others, one fatally. (
The dead:
W. O. ROLL, superintendent.
ERNEST PEARMAN.
JERRY HAWORTH. All of Carthage.
The injured: Lee Barry, hurt by flying
board, will die; J. H. Simpson of Webb
City; Lafe Bennett of Carthage.
Thirty other workmen escaped injury.
To-day's explosion is the second to oc
cur at the Independent Company's
works within a month. The mill had just
been rebuilt and the making of dynamite
for blasting in the lead and zinc mines
of this territory resumed. When the ex
plosion occurred Superintendent Roll,
Pearman and Haworth were all in the
mixing-room, which is secluded from the
other ten mill buildings behind a hill.
Second Disaster to Occur at Carthage
Company's Works Within
a Month.
POWER-HOUSE EXPLOSION
KILLS THREE PERSONS
CHICAGO, Aug. 26.— John F. Finnerty,'
president of the United Irish League of
America, has issued an address regarding
the "land bill victory," in which he says:
Ireland, in the' passage of the land purchase
bill, has achieved a brilliant and also a sub
stantial victory r but the greatest victory Is'
yet to be wonj As the commercial reforms of
17S0 preceded the independent Irish Parlia
ment of 1782, .so does the land purchase bill
stand as the procursor.of the restoration of
that Parliament (with up-to-date reforms), so
infamously destroyed by England In 1800. I
am tn" principle an Irish Separatist, and will
so remain to the last; but I recognize the ben
efit that must come to Ireland by the presence
of a native Legislature, making laws for the
Irish nation In . Dublin or some other great
city of the Island. Total separation would call
for an Irish fleet, an Irish army; an Irish
treasury overflowing with golden millions, and
at least one powerful ally, like. France, Ger
many or America. I will leave to the Judg
ment of my fellow-countrymen and fellow-cltl
zens how soon all these requirements are
either probable" or possible in Ireland. The
alternative of an independent Parliament ' la
an honorable compromise, but not a "final set
tlement." ,' . . . •. .
Firmer ty ; Says,'Restor
ation of Parliament ,
Is Next.
Ppeclal Dispatch to The Call
NEW YORK, Aug. 26.— The race tu-mor-
ow is to be fifteen miles to windward or
leeward and return, the same as that
which the defender won such signal tri
umph in Saturday's event. These rivals
already have been tried in almost every
phase of weather save that of a heavy
wind and tumbled sea, but even should
this condition obtain, there are few who
would not still pintheir faith to Reliance.
Yachtsmen hail her as the speediest cut
ter that eVer went adrift. To her spread
ers there was to-day rove two sets of
halyards, one on each side, and if she
wins to-morrow's event, which will be the
last in the scries, two huge American /lags
will be hoisted on these halyards imme
diately she sweeps across the finish line
and still another will be flung to the wind
from her topmast head.
It is apparent that Sir Thomas Lipton is
much discouraged to-night, and though he
still bravely keeps a stiff upper lip, it is
clear enough that even his indomitable
spirit has flagged under this long series
of defeats.
"It is hard," he eaid, "after all these
years of working and planning and striv
ing for that cup that 1 cannot get a single
race; but," with a touch of his old-time
cheerfulness of heart, "we did better in
Qta s-econd race than we did in the first,
and if we continue to improve me way
Jet win."
MAY NOT CHALLENGE AGAIN.
It was rumored that Sir Thomas was so
much discouraged aver the outlook that
he had dismissed all idea of challenging
*Mjain. He was asked about this report
to-day.
"i cannot talk about that now," he re
plied.
Speaking of his future plans. Sir Thom
as that after the races he would take
the nrst and third Shamrocks back with
him, it-aving the second here.
"When I arrived I said if the Americans
wanted to put their Reliance, Constitu
tion and Columbia against my - three
Shamrocks 1 would agree, but as only two
oi the Shamrocks are now In condition
I could enter these, lea.vipg out Ehamrock
41. 1 do not know if any such regatta
lias been seriously considered and 1 do
not know whether it would ;be. possible
for me to stay for such an event, as I
ajn in a hurry to return." -
local weather bureau is In receipt
of the loiiowing special forecast for
Thursday's race from Washington:
"To. Observer, New York: The wind
over the international yacht course Thurs
day will be light to fresh northeast, shift
ing -in the afternoon to east and south
east," with probably cloudy weather."
. An. alleged wireless report from the
jutht Erin, which is equipped with the
Deforest wireless system , published in a,
fc}ornir.g paper, to the effect that Sham
roqk- III was seriously damaged during"
? esterday's storm and that there was a
possibility cf Sir Thomas asking for a
postponement, caused considerable excite
ment in yachting circles. Investigation
proved that the statement was without
foundation. Shamrock rode out yester
day bp squall without the slightest damage,
although the big anchor was dropped as
an additional precaution.
NO EVIDENCE OF DAMAGE.
0 There was no particular evidence at
Sandy Hook to-day of last night's blow
t-xcept the broken bowsprit of the Ger
alda.
C. O. Isclin, aboard the Sunbeam, the
defender's tender, said that as far* as he
knew there was no material damage to
any one. Iselin. Captain Barr and Design
er Herreshoff of Reliance had a long con
ference to-day, but Iselin refused to say
anything for publication as to its charac
ter.
The time allowance under which Re
liance, Constitution and Columbia have
•sailed in the preliminary races this year
was made known to-day. Those times
have betn kept secret. Reliance allowed
Constitution one minute and forty-sir
seconds and Columbia two minutes and
forty-one seconds In all races.
By these times it is figured that Con
stitution won two races from Reliance;
but Columbia failed to score. Reliance!
sustained no damage whatever in yester-i
day's squall.
The Shamrock III put up her mainsail
and her club topsail this afternoon, but
<11<J not leave her anchorage to go out.
She stretched and dried them. ,
On the Reliance ihere was not a move
and Mr. Mower, the club measurer, sim
ply put the tape to the new gaff and de
clared it" the same length a*s the old, so
that fher measurement was the same aa
before. . . .
The" wind .at Sandy Hook at midnight,
southeast about three miles an hour. The
sky is cloudy and the prospects for a race
to-morrow appear poor.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Aug. 26.— The
Johnson programme was /carried
out completely at the Democratic
State Convention to-day. After
the opposition had obstructed the
proceedings with minority reports for
some hours the name of John L. Zimmer
man cf Springfield was not presented for
the gubernatorial nomination, and then
every nomination on t'he State ticket was
made by acclamation without opposition.
Even after the chair announced that the
name of Tom L. Johnson was the only
one before the convention for Governor
there were some dissenting Zimmerman
votes on the motion to make the nomina
tion unanimous, but the Zimmerman men
quit after the selections for Governor and
Senator were made. Still the opposition
by various obstructive movements kept
the convention in continuous session for
about seven hours.
While minority reports were presented
from the committee, the only fight that
worried the Johnson managers was on the
Senatorship. The only ballots forced on
the dominant el^nent were in that con
test. The minority report on rules and
order of business, which was intended to.
omit the indorsement of a Senatorial can
didate, was defeated by a vote of 211 yeas
to 446 nays, and that was considered a
test vote between Johnson and Zimmer
man after all the contested seats had been
decided In fn.vor of the former.
LENTZ ACCUSES JOHNSON.
On naming the man for Senator the
Johnson, men were divided among them,
selves. Mayor Johnson and ex-Congress
man Lentz have been very close, person
ally and politically, for years, but a most
Intensely bitter feeling existed between
them to-day, at least en the part of Lentz,
who openly accused Johnson of favoring
for Senator a man who had voted against
Bryan. The Zimmerman men had intend
ed voting for Clarke, the Johnson candi
date for Senator, as they said he repre
sented their conservative views, b\it when
Lentz opened a fight on Johnson' on the
Senatorial candidate the Zimmerman men
resumed their obstructive tactics and
voted for Lentz for Senator, thus driving
the Johnson men to the second ballot. .
After the first ballot, which resulted,
Clarke 335. Lentz 222. Saltzgaber 125, Baker
11 and Russell 14, the Johnson men made
a terrific effort on the floor of the conven
tion to name Clarke on the second ballot.
The vote for Saltzgaber represented the
ultra-silver men, who were the most ar
dent supporters of Johnson, but who said
they would support no man who had voted
against Bryan. M. E. Ingalls of Cincin
nati had been indorsed by the Hamilton
C«ynty delegation for Senator and was
the choice of the Zimmerman men. but
Ingalls and the unseated Hamilton Coun
ty delegates, although in the city, did not
attend the convention.
CLEVELAND CONSPICUOUS.
John H. .Clarke, who will "canvass the
State with Mayor Johnson and other
Democratic candidates, has been a prom
inent attorney at Youngstown for many
years, but he is now located in Cleveland,
which city has four prominent candidates,
the Republican as well as the Democratic
candidates for Senator and Governor.
Next to the commanding presence of
Mayor Johnson was the part of Clarke in
the convention. He made two masterly
speeches, one presenting the name of
Johnson and the other in accepting the
Senatorial nomination. After the conven
tion many delegates said his first speech
nominated Clarke as well as Johnson. In
his second speech Clarke Intimated that
he would ask Senator Hanna for joint de.
bates during the campaign, and that
caused a great demonstration.
Ex-Representative Frank B. Niles, the
running mate of Johnson for Lieutenant
Governor, is a'.so Baid to be a speaker
who will contribute largely to the discus
sion of pending issues.
With the single exception of the Sena
torial Indorsement the Johnson men con
trolled the convention to-day as firmly
as the district and committee meetings
yesterday. The convention was aa dis
tinctly with Bryan on National as with
Johnson on State issues. The speeches of
both Temporary Chairman Saltzgaber and
Permanent Chairman ( J. H. Goeke insist
ed that if the Democratic party is to
change its policy to suit the times the
change must.be made by the friends of
the party, and not by its enemies.
The result of the convention leaves the
party organization 18 to 3 in the hands of
the Bryan-Johnson element for next
year's convention, when delegates to the
Democratic National Convention are to
be selected.
PULITZER'S SON ARRESTED
BY STATE GAME WARDEN
Must Travel 600 Miles in Montana
for a Hearing of the
Charge. '
HELENA, Mont., Aug. 26.— Ralph Pulit
zer, son of Joseph Pulitzer of the New
York World, was arrested this afternoon
by State Game Warden Scott on a charge
of violating the game law in Teton Coun
ty last June., The arrest was made at
Monida, on the Montana-Idaho line, aa
Pulitzer was leaving the Yellowstone Na
tional Park. He will be taken to Teton
County, a distance of 600 miles, for a
hearing.
GOBMAN'S SON NAMED
. FOE THE STATE .SENATE
Begins His. Political Career Where
His Father Began Thirty
Years Ago. ", v
BALTIMORE, Md., Aug^ 26.— A. P. Gor
man Jr., only son of the United States
Senator, was nominated to-day by the
Howard County Democratic Convention
for the State Senate, having won a de
cisive victory over his opponents. Gor
man Is 30 years of age and begins his
political career where his father ¦ began
thirty years ago.
BERLIN. Aug. 28.— Prince and Princess
Henry of Prussia, with their children, will
take a long holiday in Italy after the Prince
gives up the command of the first naval divi
sion.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Aug. 2&.— A, special
to the Star from Bedalia, Mo., says: Mis
souri,- Kfcnsae -and? Texas passenger train
No. 3, which left St.' Louis at midnight
for Texas, crashed into a freight train at
Rhlneland early to-day. The caboose was
reduced to kindling woodland the passen
ger engine and the platfoririB of the two
forward coaches were damaged. None of
the passengers "were injured. Fred Dan
iels, fireman of the passenger, was killed,
and J. M. Birch, the passenger engineer,
and Sam White, a tramp, were seriously
injured.
TEXAS PASSENGER TRAIN
DASHES INTO A FREIGHT
Fireman Is Killed and Engineer and
a Tramp Are Seriously
Injured.
Judge Carroll T. Wood of the Arkansas
Supreme Court, who is opposing Governor
Davis as a candidate for a third term,
knocked Governor Pavls off a speaking
platform, four feet to the" ground, during
the campaign at Bismarck yesterday.
Governor Davis was not hurt and friends
prevented 'further trouBle. Judge 'Wood
was immediately arrested on a charge of
assault and battery.- Governor . Davis
publicly asked Judge Wood questions and
before, they could be fully answered In
terrupted with more questions, which, so
angered Judge Wood that he knocked
Governor Davis from the platform.
Later the matter was adjusted and
Judge Wood returned to Little Rock to
day.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 26.— A special to the
Post-Dispatch from Little Rock, Ark,
says:
Supreme Court Judge
in Arkansas Loses
Temper.
KNOCKS GOVERNOR
FROM PLATFORM
Army order— Leave of absence granted
Second Lieutenant Joseph J. McMullen,
Fifteenth Cavalry, Department Califor
nia, extended one month.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 26.— PostofflCe
discontinued September 1, California—
Orinda, Contra Costa County (superseded
by rural free delivery), mail to Berkeley.
Fourth class postmasters appointed—
Oregon— Maude C. Shambrook, Umpqua
Ferry, Douglas County, vice George
Shambrook, deceased.
Navy orders— Surgeon M. T. Elliott, de
tached'New York to -home - and wait
orders. Surgeon T. H. Drake, detached
New York as. fleet surgeon Pacific squad
ron to Maine. Surgeon D. O. Lewis to
New York as fleet surgeon. Passed As
sistant Surgeon H. C. Curl, detached Na
val Hospital, Mare Island to New York.
New Postmasters Are Appointed and
Navy Orders Affecting Pacific
Squadron Are Issued. '• ¦ ,
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
IRISH LAND BILL
GREAT VICTORY
Assassins of King Alexander Are
Eager for a War.
LONDON, Aug. 27.— The Sofia corre-
EXCITEMENT IN SERVIA.
LONDON, Aug. 26.— According to a "dis
patch from Belgrade, Servib, many of the
soldiers belonging to the reserve, called
out by Turkey, are" refusing to. join the
colors, as the troops in- the- 'field haive not
received any pay for months.
In taking more ertefgetlc measures for
the suppression of the revolution Turkey
is acting in accordance with the advice
of the powers. The forthcoming confer
ence of Kinc Edward with Emperor;
Frances" Joseph and . King George" of,
Greece nt Vienna and the visits of the
Czar and Emperor William to Vienna will
enable the monarchs to discuss Balkan:
affairs thoroughly, and before the con-i
elusion of the conferences Turkey pro
posts so far as possible to restore order,
so that international action will be un
necessary. An official of the Turkish em
bassy here said to-day: ...
"The Calling out of, additional troops
by Turkey Is due -solely to the decision
to suppress the insurrection at once. It
Is not in anticipation of war with. Bul
garia. Turkey has. no Intention of de
claring war, In spite of rumors to the con
trary and Bulgaria, warned by the pow
ers, does not seem at this moment to
contemplate hostilities. We knowwhat
public opinion is In Bulgaria and how the
situation may change to-morrow, but in
the meantime Turkey proposes to lose no
time in restoring peace."
Rulers of Nations to Talk About thej
Balkan Crisis.
MONARCHS WILL CONFEB.
Cloudy Sky and a Light Wind Make
Prospects for the Last Con
test of the Series
Poor.
Sir Thomas Lipton Is Hopeful
of Winning a Raca at
Last.
Arriving at Carano, Menotti's estate,
the coffln was lowered into the grave by
the dead man's relatives and friends, in
cluding d'Annunzio, who also delivered a
brief and touching address. The earth
was then filled in. The grave lies In tne
midst of a desolate plain. ',
ROME, Aug. 26.— The burial of Menotti
Garibaldi took place to-day and was a
most impressive spectacle. During the
night the body was carried on the gun
carriage on which it left Rome last night,
escorted by cavalry, across the Cam
pagna Romana. Amid the darkness
would appear from time to time groups
of peasants, carrying torches, lanterns
and characteristic lamps with three
wicks, who knelt along the road" and
called on God to bless the remains of
their benefactor. A group of cowboys of
the Campagna Romana, mounted on
prairie ponies, and carrying long iron
tipped lances for guiding ¦ the cattle,
joined the escort around the coffin. As
the dawn- burst over the Campagna 'a
group of horsemen came dashing up from
the opposite direction. Their leader, who
at first was not recognized, approached
the gun-carriage and laid an pak'branch
upon the coffin, at the same time scarce
restraining his emotion. It was Gebrlele
d'Annunzio. '; '
The. gathering, was flie largest yet held!
in Sofia. Most of the shops werev closed 1
during the meeting as a mark of- sym-,
pathy wiui its objects. • •- - 1
Resolutions were adopted thanking the
publicists who have defended the cause
of the Macedonians, regretting the hesita
tion on the part. of Europe te take steps
to ameliorate the lot of th* Christians
in Turkey; demanding the' appointment of
a powerful Christian Governor, who would;
insure security "for^ the country, and in-|
viting all Bulgarians to aid- in securing,
the triumph of the .work already com
menced.. .,. '• • . . ' ; ; ... : -.- \
scribed as a "moment of sunshine which,
quickly passed." The speakers made.lm-,
passioned apeals for the immediate inter
vention of the powers in Macedonia, "de-!
clarlng that if the pouring: out of bloodj
In Macedonia continued another fortnight
Europe would find nobody there to save.;
The Bulgarian Ministers were urged not,
to stand by while their brethren were dy- t
Ing in Macedonia.
Continued From Page 1, Column 5.'
Gabriele d'Annunzio Delivers
Address at Grave of
His Friend.
Stars and Stripes Will
Float From Reliance
P Spreadera . ,.
Peasants Pay Tribute
to Memory of Their
Benefactor.
European Reserves of the Sultan's Army Will Be
Called to Their Colors— Rulers of Several Pow
1 ers Are Soon to Discuss the Balkan Situation
Tom Johnson's Programme Goes Through Without
Hitch at the Ohio Democratic Convention in
Columbus and Obstructionists Seek Shelter
HUGE FLAGS
TO BE SIGNAL
OF VICTORY
GARIBALDI'S SON
IS LAID TO REST
SLAUGHTER BY REVOLUTIONISTS,
MOVES TURKS TO ARM FOR WAR
CLEVELAND'S SPECTACULAR MAYOR
WINS GUBERNATORIAL NOMINATION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 27, 1903.
Governor, - Tom L. r • Johnson,
Cleveland.
Lieutenant Governor, Frank
B. Niles, Toledo.
Supreme Judge, Edward D.
Dempsey, Cincinnati.
Attorney General, Frank S.
Honnet, Columbus..';' -
Treasurer of State, Charles A. .
Kloebe, Wapakoneta. . . "
School Commissioner, i J. H.
Secrest, Ottawa.
Member of Board of Public
Works, T. H. B. Jones, Ironton.
United States Senator, John
S. Clarice, Cleveland.
DEMOCRATIC TICKET
IN STATE OF OHIO
CLEVELAND MAYOR, WHO
WAS NOMINATED FOR OHIO
GOVERNORSHIP.
LIMA, Peru, Aug. 26.— The members of
the National Club to-night gave a ban
quet to Senor Candamo, the President
elect of the republic. The latter. In a
speech, said the Peruvian flag meant in
dependence under the rule of law and na
tional prosperity was a consequence of
peace, to maintain which was to-day the
unshakable resolution of • the Peruvian
people.
Banquet for Senor Candamo.
THBEE HUNDRED ; KILLED.
Massacres Said to Have Occurred at
Vasiliko and Kirk-Kilisseh.
2
¦ ' AT VEBTISEMEHTS.
Cash treatment
without :;;>™;^
Furniture, carpets, curtains
o- — ; : — : — -r —
This is the proposition: You want to inr-
nish a home. You haven't enough ready cash
to pay. in full when the goods are delivered,
jence you're compelled, to buy "on time." Yet
you dislike trading in an out-and-out - install-
ment store. How are you going to get the
easy - payment accommodation and still buy
your goods in one of the big first-class stores ?
We offer you the way., -^viw*^
We loan you the f money, charging simply
..the regular banking rate of interest — six per
» cent. You go then to one of the big, first-
class furniture stores ¦ where the stock is big
and fresh, and where satisfaction is certain;
and when you have made your selections pay
your bill in ' good, hard cash. ¦£?}
The installment stores charge you ten per
• cent above their cash prices for time.; All you
1 pay us is six per cent. The actual saving to
you is FOUR PER CENT.
For instance: If your purchases amount to
$10000 we will charge you $106.00— which is a
... six per cent advance; then you pay us $20.00
cash and the balance in monthly payments
amounting to $8.60 each month. If your pur-
chases amount to $75x0 we will charge you
$79.50; you maketis a cash payment on this
of $15.00 and pay the balance at the easy rate
of $6.45 per month.
¦ Investigate this— it will pay you. ,
. , ,O . " i— ; •
Gould, Sullivan Co./
Suite 1403-05 "Call" Building, ££t?i
THE CALL'S
GREAT ATLAS OFFER
Will close on September 24,
1903, and all holders of Atlas
Coupons are requested to pre-
sent them immediately, as this
great opportunity '-to secure 'one
of these splendid Atlases at The
Call's premium rates will be
brought to a close on Septem-
ber 24.
ADVEBTISEMEin?S.
SKt LEVIN'S
35-37 Taylor Street
Prices for All of This WeeK
Nsf.tha 6oap, all week, 6 tars 25c
Genuine Virgin Cactile Soap, bar 25o
FaSrbank's Glycerine Tar Hoar, 7 2!5«s
Good Toilet Paoer. 3 rolls for 5c
,4 Sapolio. all year round, for J£5c
lArgculze Yellow Chambers for 15o
20c Child'* Yellow Chambers ror loo
l-qu«rt Yellow Bowl for lOc
JOc bars Ivory Scan for 7c
Reg. »5e No. 8 Tin Wash Boiler «Sc
20c Nickel CuFpidor for JOc
. 4Oc Nickel Oil Stove Tea. Kettles 2Sc
OOc Nickel Coffte or Tea Pot» for....4Oc
.'Reg-. *0c At r ate Coffee Pot, special... 25c
25c Agate W«*h Basing for %....10e
2<>e J-qt. Agate Saucepan* for lOc
65c 2-«it. Aeate Tea Kettle* for.;....40e
Reg/ 25c I-KSllon Oil Can* ror 15c
Re*. 25c Parlor Brooms for 15c
$l.b5 large Iron-lined Ovens .*l.."i<>
l«c decorated China Sauceolates for.... 5c
Re». 40c China Fruit Dishes: for 25e
Be*. 20c Fancy Decorated Vases for..lOc
All colors Illusion, yard ioe
36-inch Black Taffeta Unins. yard..... 5c
¦ Wool Moreen, yard. 25c. Vaseline.... 4c
$5 50-pc. Fancy Pec. Dinner Set #:{.!>5
25c Agrate Colanders for 15e
25c b-qt. GalvanUed Palls for I3e
25e large Glass Water Pitchers 15c
Se boxes Night Taper*. 2 for Be
Be Hand Brushes. 2 for 5e
:*0 feet Clothes Lane Ror>e for 5c
25 yards Picture Wire for 5e
Molding Hooks, dozen for 5c
20c large else Chopping Bowls. lOc
36-inch Black Nearsllk Lining. yard....f)c
20c Hardwood Salt Box for lOcTHE LATE FRANKLIN HETWOOD. THE WELL KNOWN CAPITAL
IST, THE FACTS OF WHOSE RECENT SUICIDE COMPLETE A
STRANGE TALE OF SENSATIONAL INCIDENTS.
Former Policeman in Serious Trouble.
SAN RAFAEL, Aug. 26.-A daring
burglary was Committed to-day at Fair
fax, a small place -about five miles north
of San Rafael. The cottage of Theodore
Shade was entered and many valuable
articles stolen. " Sheriff Taylor and Con
stable Luca3 went to - Fairfax to-night
and arrested two men on suspicion. They
were taken to the County Jail here, ajra
gave the names of James Lane and John
Hopkins ; of San Francisco. Hopkins
claims to' have* been on ; the San Francisco
police force.up.to about a year ago. Both
men ' were formerly . employed by the
North Shore railroad at Whites HUV tun
nel.' " ' ' . v.' .' . " ' •.. ¦ ','.
SAN JOSE. Aug. 28.— Forest C. Bailey, son
of J R. Bailey, local manager, of the* Western
Union Telegraph Company, has accepted a po
sition as teacher, of English In the Normal
and High School of St. Louis. Mo., obtained
through the recommendation of Stanford Uni
versity. .
heard of the statement that he* had tel
ephoned to a lawyer across the bay, but
she did not believe; the. story. She and
Mrs. Heywood were then at Santa Cruz
and It was thought that " possibly the
housekeeper had telephoned to . Oakland
for, Heywood. , When she returned to the
city after her foster father's death," Miss
Heywood said *i that she questioned the
housekeeper who denied that she had sent
any messaee : for j her master. ;
BUTTE, Mont., Aug. 26.— A Miner spe
cial from Helena- says: ."When negroes
quit ravishing we'll quit lynching and
not before." These are the words of
Bishop II. C. Morrison of the Methodist
Episcopal Church South of Louisville,
who is in the city to preside over the an
nual conference of that city.
"Another thing," the Bishop continued,
"is that. If the newspapers of the country
would give 1 as much space to the horrible
crimes which Invariably precede a lynch
ing as they do to the details of the
lynching, it would serve to place the pub
lic sympathy where It belongs.".
Methodist Prelate Declares Negro
Crimes Must Cease or Summary
/ Punishment Will Continue. /
LYNCHING IS DEFENDED
BY BISHOP MOBBISON
SAN JOSE, Aug. 26.-J. S. Smith, a
lodging-house keeper at 228 West Santa
Clara street, is doubly in trouble, and Is
threatened with both the losa of wife and
property. He and his wife. Cora B. Smith,
have been conducting the California
House, whlch"ho placed in her name. To
day he secured an order from Judge
Rhodes restraining Mrs.' Smith from sell
ing the - property, .which he alleges she
Is about to do. He declares his wife is
planning to defraud him and then pro
poses to desert him. About -a year, ago
Smith purchased the California lodging
house for Jl 500, and placed it in Mrs.
Smith's name*. He says . that notwith
standing this he Is the absolute owner
of the property, and asks the court to
declare him such. ' : .^:>
San Jose Lodging-House Keeper Ap
peals to Superior Court
for Aid.
FEARS HE WILL, LOSE
BOTH WIFE AND PROPERTY
GILROY,' Aug. 28.— Mrs. Clark, wife of
Dr. J. Clark, a well known physician,
was thrown from her cart while out driv
ing this afternoon and sustained serious,
if not fatal injuries. Her head struck
the ground and she was rendered uncon
scious for several hours. '.She also had
her wrist broken and it Is feared she is
injured internally.
Wife of Physician Is Badly Injured.
Coachman Is Accused of Cruelty.
PASADENA, Aug. 26.— A warrant was
Issued to-day for, the arrest of John Pe
ters, a coachman employed by John S.
Cravens, President of the Southwestern
National Bank. Peters la accused of tor
turing a horse by using a bristle burr bit.
The programme consisted of Instru-'
mental music byTrembath's orchestra, a
recitation by Miss Donohue, reminis
cences of the lodge by Past Grand Mas
ter Vinter, a vocal solo by Mrs. Mabel
Dinsmore. and a talk on "his recent east
ern trip by Past Grand Master W. H.
fiarnes.
An elaborate banquet followed at which
Major W. B. Hardy was toas'tmaster. A
long list of toasts was responded to, and
It was midnight when- the meeting ad
journed.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 26.— Mount Hamilton
Lodge. A. O. U. W., celebrated its twen
ty-fifth anniversary this evening- with a
rousing meeting and banquet. The lodge
was organized August 1, 1S78. It now has
a membership of several hundreds and
is the second largest in California. Odd
Fellows' Hall, where the anniversary was
held, was crowded to-night. A number
of. State officers were present, including
Grand Master Barnes of San Francisco.
S. E. Mcreland presided at the meeting.
Workmen of the Garden City Enter
tain the State Officers of
Their Order.
MOUNT HAMILTON LODGE
CELEBRATES ANNIVERSARY
Baptist Association in Convention.
SAN DIEGO. Aug. 26.— The twelfth an
nual session of the Western Baptist As
sociation convened in this city to-day.
Its deliberations will occupy five days.
The most Important subject before the
convention Is that of securing a home for
old folks and orphans. For this object
the association has the necessary land in
Los Angeles and $1000 In money.
Gold Seekers Need Capital in Siberia-
\JLiUKiA. is. <_\, Aug. 26.— The steam
er Manuenca arrived to-day from Siberia,
via Nome, with a valuable cargo of Ivory,
furs and other goods secured in barter
with the natives. Mr. Bellows, agent of
the Northwest Commercial Company, who
arrived by the steamer, has been sixteen
months prospecting the concessions leased
x»im the Russian Government In Siberia
by the company, and he says the placer
mining ground is not extensive and does
not offer great Inducements to gold seek
ers without capital. Americans are build
in? two larct car.neries there.
SAN RAFAEL, j Aug. 26.— Alfred Mor
gan, of the firm of Morgan Bros., cloth
iers of 'San Francisco, and his wife,-nar
rowly escaped being killed to-day in a
runaway accident. The accident occurred
in Ross Valley, where the Morgans have
their summer, home. They were driving
on the boulevard, when another team
owned by A. Hymann became frightened
and started to .run away. This caused
Morgan's horses to become fractious and
'they cramped the vehicle, throwing the
occupants out. The extent of the injuries
sustained by Mr. and Mrs. Morgan can
not be learned to-night, but It is stated
that Mrs. Morgan is quite seriously hurt.
Morgan was badly bruised.
in Mill Valley.
Two San Franciscans Meet With. Seri
ous Accident While Driving
HUSBAND AND WIFE
ARE BADLY INJURED
A DETERMINED effort is to be
made by the widow of the late
Franklin Heywood to learn if
ter husband executed a will a
few hours before he committed
suicide on July 29. Late developments
have suggested that he did, but if such
eventually proves to be the case hi3 widow
j* yet to get a trace of the missing docu
ment. '. . -
Heywocd's death by asphyxiation at his
j home. 1400 Hayes street, four weeks ago
was attended by considerable mystery
and has provoked much comment among
his more intimate friends. There have
been several rumors afloat concerning cer-
I tain financial transactions In which he
j Is said to have been Involved and to which
j his sudden death is attributed, but these
! stories are emphatically denied by those
! who pretend to be acquainted with his
i private affairs.
That the capitalist was worried over
! domestic troubles for several days prior
to his death there Is everyweason for on
lleving, for he confided them to frienus.
A strange Incident, occurring just prijr
to his preparations for the xnd, also sup
ports iiit theory of domestic troubles and
strengthens the suspicions of his widow
that h«- made a will later than the one
that hi.s been offered for probate. Si
MYSTEBIOTJS MESSAGE.
On the evening of the day before the
remains of Heywood were found the wife
of a well-known attorney living across
the bay was summoned to her telephone
by an Inquiry for her husband. She In
formed the person nz the other enc,
whose voice was that of a woman, that
her husband was not at home and sug
gest ed tl at he could be found at his of
fice in tiiis city on the following morning
ft J o'clock. The response was that ihat
hour would be too late. A further co'i
vcrFauon developed the fact that the at
torney was wanted by Franklin Heywood
in San Francisco to draw up a will and
his presence was needed right away.
Forty-eight hours later the attorney, who
had been Informed of the telephone mes
sage by his wife, read of the death of
Heywood in the morning papers.
On August 12 a will of Heywood's was
filed for probate. It bore the date of.
twenty-four days prior to the death of
the capitalist. It recited the fact that
Hvywood and his wife had been separated
for fourteen years and she was given a
monthly allowance of $150 for life. Tne
estate, which Is valued at about $250,0000.
was left in trust to the deceased's broth
ers and Attorney H. A. Powell, who were
Instructed to pay over to the widow i*;e
allowance mentioned above, which she
had been receiving ever since the separa
tion occurred, and a similar amount was
ordered i>aid each month to Agnes Maud
Heywood. an aduj ted daughter. " >s -^
WILL IGNORED WIFE.
SOUGHT RECONCILIATION.
Several weeks Drlor to his death Hey-
The will provided that upon the death
of Mrs. Heywood the estate should be
divided, one half going to the adopted
daughter and the other half to the broth
ers and sister of the deceased, share and
share alike. Several small bequests were
made to friends and former employes of
the dead man. A further provision of the
will was that should the daughter die be
fore the widow the former's share should
: goto the relatives of the capitalist, other
\ than Mrs. Heywood.
Although these provisions of the win
plainly intimated that Heywood was de
termined that his wife should not share
in the estate and that his love for her
had waned during their long separation,
evidence is In possession of the friends of
the deceased and those of Mrs. Heywood,
clearly showing that Heywood's love for
hl» wife had revived within him and had
promoted him, within a very few hours
before his death, to seek a reconciliation.
The estrangement of husband and wife
occurred about thirteen years ago and
has since been attributed by the friends
of both to the adoption of the child, who
is now known as Agnes Maud Heywood
and who Is on the brink of womanhood.
Mr. and Mrs. Heywood agreed to sepa
rate, and did so. the child remaining un
der the protection of her foster father,
who gave his wife a monthly allowance
and frequently, during the long years
that separated them, he wrote to his wife
letters, the words of which conveyed to
her -his spirit of kindness.
Asked concerning .'the'./itory of Hey/
wood's apparent inclination to ; make a
new will Miss Heywood said she* had
Miss Heywood, when questioned last
evening, admitted that an attempt had
been made by Heywood to effect a recon
ciliation with his wife and when she was
asked If it was not true that the reunion
determined on the act of herself, she re
plied:
Tes, it did, but I told Mr. Heywood that I
was not prepared to give my consent to the
plan and I will say now that I -would never
consent to It. The idea that, I was to blame
for. 'the estrangement, of. Mr. and Mrs. Hey
wood. however, la all wrong, for I was only 15
months old .when they agreed to live apart.' I
have not heard of any proposed contest and I
don't think there will be one.
MISS .' HEYWOOD TALKS.
' I have been Informed of his message to the
Oakland lawyer and regard It as, very signifi
cant in view of the friendly relations that had
suddenly developed between^the husband and
his wife. It is true that he had been trying
to bring about a reconciliation. Possibly a
will may yet be found and if it Is we will
under the law. have twelv# months in which
to offer It for probate.
The refusal of the daughter to encour
age Heywood's plan for reconciliation
and his discouragement over the situa
tion is suggested as a probable solution
of the mystery that surrounds the cap
italist's suicide, and it Is one that en
courages the friends of the widow in
suspecting that Heywood made a will Just
before he took his life. In discussing the
peculiar situation Judge Fox, who repre
sents Mrs. Heywood and who c*ked sev
eral significant questions of witnesses in
court on Tuesday when the probating
of the will was In progress, relative to
the possibility of a later will, said yes
terday: ,
It has been reported that Mrs. Heywood in
tends to contest the will of her late husband,
but -up to the present time she has made no
i«uch declaration: Her separation from her
husband wan • effected by contract, which was
carefully drawn with regard to her community
property rights. The»e ehe may Insist upon in
thus matter, for it cannot be .denied that there
is a community Interest in the estate of Frank
lin Heywood. As to a will, it is true that the
suspicion has existed that . Heywood did exe
cute one Just prior io his death.
DAUGHTER INTERVENES.
It is known that Heywood had learned
from his wife's own lips, In fact, he had
admitted it to friends, that she was will
ing to return to him, provided that the
adopted daughter was agreeable to the
plan. IVIth this hope about to be realized,
the friends airain ask why Heywood de
strored himself.
The following day was the date on
which the female voice asked ot the tel
ephone for the Oakland attorney and
added that his services were wanted to
draw up a will. In view of the fact, as
has • been established by the records of
the probate court, that Heywooi had only
twenty-four days before made R will in
which he Ignored his wife, there neces
sarily is provoked much speculation among
his. friends as to whether he reajly did
make another will, even though he failed
to cet the services of an attorney. And
if he did his v friends naturally ask what
motive prompted him to make It. other
than a desire to make amends for the
wrong he confessed his wife had suffered
at his hands.
ENCOURAGED BY WIFE.
"I have been to blame In this matter,"
Heywood Is quoted as saying to his
friend, "and I want to rectify the wrong
I have done my wife."
wood confided to a number of his friends
the fact that he was endeavoring to ef
fect a reconciliation with his wife and
was progressing most favorably. He said
his plan was to bring Mrs. Heywood and
the adopted daughter together with a
view to paving the way for a family re
union. Three or four days -before his
death Heywood called on a friend and
Informed him that he had succeeded in
his plan In so far as a meeting of the
wife and the daughter were concerned
and the latter had joined Mrs. Heywood
on a pleasure trip to Santa Cruz. As a
matter of fact the two women were in
Santa Cruz when the dead body of Hey
wocd was found at his home in this city.
After this call Heywood visited his
friend again later and told him that he
had questioned the daughter relative to
the^plan to have Mrs. Heywoofl return to
him, but that Miss Heywood had an
swered that she was not yet prepared to
give her consent to such a proposition.
Heywood appeared quite blue .over the
daughter's stubborn stand and did not
try to conceal the fact from his friend.
At 10:45 the 12-inch rifle at Fort Leavitt
opened on the section of the- fleet which
steamed" In rapidly from sea Ward from
the direction of.Whitehead Passage. The
battleships, lying in a direct line from
Cushlngs over Ram Islands, opened flre.
From Portland Head to the Two Lights
all the searchlights were trained on the
entrance to the' harbor, and soon were
seen slinking under the smoke the tor
pedo-boat destroyers of the fleet.
They were readily picked up by the
searchlights on . Fort Williams as they
reached Portland Head, and Immediately
there broke out the din of the rapid tiring
guns. The destroyers kept on and came
to a standstill in the channel. It looked
as if the, movement was an attack on
the mine fields. While the destroyers
were removing the mlne3, their names
were distinguished. Lying opposite Cape
Cottage was the Lawrence, farther up
the channel vas the Truxton. while the
Whipple ran up to Fort Scammel and
came to a standstill there. After lying
some time in the channel the destroyers
ran back ¦ toward the sea.
Several small beats attempted a land
ing. When they were discovered a gen
eral call 'to arms was sounded and the
entire garrison f urned out, . driving the
invaders back.
PORTLAND. Me.. Aug. 27.— The enemy's
fleet made the second demonstration
against the harbor two hours before mid
night, the evident purpose of which was
to countermine the harbor. Two vessels,
one of which was a torpedo boat destroy
er, surrendered during the engagement.
An attempt at landing was defeated. The
attack ended at 1:15, the vessels withdraw
ing to Halfway Rock, where at 1 o'clock
eight had gathered. AH light* were shown
on the ships after the demonstration.
The Fort Leavitt batteries opened flre
on two cruisers opposite the Two Lights
and ab9ut a mile from the fort, with the
searchlights covering the vessels during:
the firing. It was thought that an attempt
would be made at landing.' -
A large ship was reported opposite Fort
Leavitt, pouring broadside after broad
side into the fort. The Fort Leavitt bat
teries replied and four shots were fired
from Fort Preble mortars. Fort Wil
liams picked up a big cruiser at 11 o'clock
and opened tire on her, being answered in
kind by the ship.
Four big' ships at 11 o'clock could be
discerned firing- at Forts McKinley .and
Leavitt. These ships could be seen plainly
and It was supposed that there were oth
ers following.
At.ll;10 a large ship came up Into the
harbor showing - the signal of surrender.
The second vessel to surrender, which
proved to be a destroyer, was seen enter
ing the harbor slowly at 11:15. She came
to anchor off Preble.
Night Attack on Harbor
Ends in Disaster
to Vessels.
ENEMY ATTEMPTS
TO COUNTERMINE
PASADENA. Aug. 26.— Mrs. BSward W.
Hltchlogs. wife of the owner of the K«w
York Commercial, died her* to-day at the
family home. 75 Grand street. Her newly
born baby also died. Mrs. Hitching* was 31
rears of age. She was the daughter of George
Xlcholeon of New York.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash.. Aug. 26.—
Shipping men at this port fear that the
wreckage found on Queen Charlotte
Island, including a. boat marked "Cath
arina," is from the Norwegian bark
Catharina which sailed June 2, lumber
laden from Tacoma for Delagoa Bay.
When the Catharina sailed she carried
a heavy deck load end had a heavy list.
On June 6 and 7 heavy southerly
gales prevailed off the coast of Washing
ton and Vancouver Island and it is prob
able that owing to the cranky condition
of the vessel she was' thrown on her
beam ends and was driven northward
during the gales. The Catharina carried,
including officers, a crew of fourteen men
in command of Captain Samuelson.
Shipping Men Believe Wreckage
Found on Queen Charlotte Island
Came From Missing Vessel.
FEAR BABE CATHARINA
FOUNDERED IN A STOBM
TACOMA, Wash., Aug. 2S— Radical ac
tion vitally affecting 400 shi.'^le mills In
Western Washington will be taken at a
meeting of the Washington Shingle Manu
facturers' Association, which is now in
session at Seattle. Though no public an
nouncement has been made, it developed
to-night that the St/ife Lumbermen's As
sociation, a strong organization, has
stepped into the breach and demanded the
righj. to aid the shingle manufacturers to
thoroughly organize, thereby making it
possitfle to restrict the output of shingles
at certain* reasons of the year and thus
eave the industry from possible collapse
in consequence of overproduction.
President White and Secretary Bcckman
of tie Shingle Manufacturers' Association
have notified the manufacturers thai the
object of the present meeljng is to either
form a ne*- association or entirely change
the old one. To this end the shingle man
ufacturer* will be requested to listen to a
plan outlined by a committee from ths
Lumbermen's Association, having as its
object the combination of all the ehlngle
mi'ls in the State for the purpose of rc-
Ftrictiag: the output when necessary and
preventing: price fluctuations, which have
been the source of gTeat trouble during
the past rear. The lumbermen have not
yet unfolded thfir p!»n. but state that ft
«tCI require until next' January to inaugu
rate It. since every mill in the State will
hav* to be visited and the project fully
explained. An the conditions surrounding
the manufacture of Fhingles are now un
satisfactory, it Is believed that the pro
posed plan will be adopted.
MAY BXSTEICT OUTPUT
OF THE SHINGLE MILLS
flTashington Manufacturers Likely to
Act in Conjunction With Lum
bermen's Association.
Flames Kem Him In and His
Companions Are Unable
tc Rescue Him.
The Senatorial Commission, it Is said,
will recommend the appointment of a del
egate, though not elective, for Alaska.
They will recommend the building of a
Government-aided' wagon road from Val
des to Eagle, on the Yukon; the estab
lishment of hatcheries for the salmon
fisheries to be maintained by. taxes placed
on the cannery output. Recommendation
will also be made to revise the mining
laws and Improve the mail service.
VICTORIA, B. C, Aug. 26.— The rev
enue cutter McCullough arrived here to
<Jay with the Senatorial party which vis
ited Alaska on board. They left Seattle
June 28 en the steamer Dolphin and
went via Skagway, Dawson and the Low
er Yukon to St. Michael/ where they
boarded the McCullough' and visited the
Pribyloff seal rookeries on August 4. The
Senators witnessed a seal drive on St.
Paul Island, where 8000 pelts . were" se
cured this season. . Dutch Harbor, Kar
luk, Kadiak, Valdez and other • points
were visited en route south. The party
brought advices of a rich strike on Dex
ter Creek at Nome on July, 28, where $128
was taken out in twelve pans.
On the way to St. Michael the McCul
lough picked up a boat from the Japan
ess sealing schooner Soifu Maru. The
Japanese had lost their vessel and been
adrift for two days. They were after
ward put aboard their schooner. The
party includes Senators W. P. Dllling
ham of Vermont, H.' K. Burnham of New
Hampshire, T. H. Patterson of Colo
rado, and Nelson of Minnesota, who form
the sub-committee of the Congressional
Committee on Territories. f •- 1
SAN JOSE, Au*. 56.— Louis Matty, a
young mai well known in this city, was
burned O death this afternoon in a
forest fire at Wrights In the Santa. Cruz
mountains. The fire was discovered al
most in the center of the little village
and It soon threatened the Wrights'
Hotel conducted by Antonoin Matty,
father of the deceased. Every person in
tcnn turned out to fight the fire, and the
blaze was Clverted to the east and north
cf the place. The brush was thick in
that section and the fire spread rapidly.
Louis Matty and Bob Borrelll, a part
ner of Matty's in the livery business at
Wrights, led the fire fighters to where
the flames were fiercest. When they had
fought their way to a point about a half
mile northerly from Wrights, Borrelli
lost sight of Matty for a few minutes.
He then heard Matty call for help and
endeavored to reach him. but .could not
because of the intervening lino of flre.
When the blaze had passed sufficiently
to permit of a search Matty's body was
found burned to a crisp. The flre was
finally brought under control, but not un
til considerable timber was destroyed as
well as a large amount of stove wood.
One dwelling was also burned, but the
name of the owner Is not known.
Matty was 29 years of age and was
raised in this city. He was a member
of the Red Mea and Eagles of this city.
£pec.al Dispatch to The Call.
RENO, Nev., Aue. 26.— Four of the
guards of Folsom prison, all of whom
are well acquainted with the escaped con
victs, arrived here to-day, and it is hoped
that with the assistance of the local po
lice some definite news of- the fugitives
will be heard in the near future. The
party consisted of H. A. Wilkinson, a
nephew of the Warden of Folsom prison;
T. F. Ryan, T. Lewis and J. R. Smith,
the latter being one of the guards that
was in the battle at Pilot Hill and later
followed the trail of the escapes until
recalled to the prison. The guards are
all* heavily armed and are ready to take
the field against the outlaws. They were
met at the depot by Sheriff Hayes, and
after a hurried interview with him Wil
kinson and Ryan boarded a Virginia and
Truckee train and went to Virginia City,
where it was thought that' two of the
convicts were. in the hands of the Sheriff
of Storey CountyJ
Guards Lewis and Smith were escorted
to the city bastile, where Convicts Woods
and Murphy were confined. j Upon reach
ing the Jail the guards were recognized
by the convicts,, who greeted them with.
"Hello! I suppose you fellows are after
us?" The guards held a few moments'
conversation with the men and then" went
to work to pick up the trail of the miss
ing convicts. They first visited the scenes
of the other captures, and then- went to
East Reno about two miles from here.
They intend to thoroughly inspect the dif
ferent gangs employed on the construc
tion work of the railroad. If no clew
is found there they will return to Reno
and make another start, in company with
Scout Crais and the local officers.
Wilkinson and Ryan returned from Vir
ginia City to-night, after having turned
loose tfie suspects arrested there. The
man thought to be Eidridge to
be an innocent stranger. They will spend
two or three days In this section scout
ing and if a clew is discovered will stay
with it to the end, but It unsuccessful
they will escort Woods and Murphy, who
are confined in the Reno jail, to Folsom
prison Saturday evening.
The officers here are jubilant over the
arrival of the Folsom guards, for, being
familiar with the men wanted, they think
that more of the escanes will eoon be
in the hands of the law. It is almost
certain that several of the escapes are
still In this section.
The Reno officials have by no means
given un the chase, nor are they dis-,.
couraged. There is a large force of men
in the field day and night, although most
of the work outside of the city Is being
done at night, as the methods used by
the>escapes In California show that most
of their traveling was done at night The
posses here expect to profit by that
knowledge. Scouting jmrtlea are scat
tered around in the neighborhood of Reno,
and as a precaution against harm to in
nocent Darties have ordered that every
one not engaged in the hunt remain oft
the hills or outskirts of town at night.
Convict Woods is now aulet and re
served, but Murphy still talks to the Jail
ers. -¦ When the prisoners were captured
they had between them about $5 50. This
money they are spending for extra meals,
tobacco, etc., as they say they have no
more use for money now that they see
the walls of Folsom prison in sight.
Word was received here this evening
that Monday night an unknown man at
tempted to steal a horse from a farm
about five miles south of town. The
stranger first tried to get a horse from
the barn, but was frightened away. He
then attempted to catch a horse that wa3
in a corral near the barn, but was driven
off by a shot fired by one of the ranch
hands. Two officers were sent to the
scene this evening to look into the mat
ter. It is thought that the prowler may
have been Convict Miller, who came near
being caught by Deputy Sheriffs Maxwell
and Sharkey last Sunday night.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Members Say Valuable Claims
Are Being Located on
Dexter Creek.
Several of the Escapes From
Folsom Are Believed to
Be in Reno.
Arrest an Innocent Man
Believing Him to Be
Eidridge.
Louis Matty of Wrights
• Meets With a Tragic
Death.
Return of the Senatorial
Committee Prom a
. Visit to Alaska.
YOUNG MAN DIES
IN FOREST FIRE
BRINGS ADVICES
OF RICH STRIKE
NEVADA OFFICERS
MAKE A MISTAKE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 27, 1903.
Capitalist's Strange Conduct Suggest to Friends
He Was Planning to Right the Wrong Done
Wife From Whom HeWas Separated for Years
HEYWOOD'S LAST HOURS FILLED
WITH SENSATIONAL INCIDENTS
3
DR. FLEECE'S REMEDIES:
wv'-'Uffs at stake
The most timid man 'will take any
chance of escape. The slender rope
dropped dowu the precipice, the slip-;
pcry log over the abyss, anything that
offers a chance of life, is eagerly snatch-
ed at. The end the man seeks is safety.
He cares nothing I
for the means to J
sands of men and A£js
women whose jJl|J£a jpj§${
Jives are aV stake »>c^tV^^t^\
who are hindered
from accepting .,
the one mean9 of *$§S*A~\*§n It
safety by foolish -Vfl h I
prejudice. v -jYl In, I
Doctor Picrcs's P&kzC&S, \
Golden Medical BmT^^C
Discovery has P§3__==— 5^W
been the means of
restoring health \ - «sar» ffjjj ,/
to many men and f f/ifff/f !£\
women whose hoi- j Jill OjfiLlt I
low cough, bleed- \I//Jf w/tl I
ing , lungs, ema- Mm y/, 1/ I
ciation .and weak- SaW/ 'J/// I I
ness setmed to ( "' "A £*£*
warrant the state- \-\WW "
ment of local phy- K
"sicians— "There is WJffi i ¦
'no* cure possible." . «' * 3
Why should prejudice against a put-up
medicine hinder you from trying what
has cured thousands of suffering men
and women?
"Only for Dr. Pierce'* Golden Medical Dis-
covery I think I would be in my grave to^ay."
writes Mr. Moses Miles, of Hilliard, Ulnte do..
Wyoming. \ "I had asthma so bad I could not
sleep at night and was compelled to givcjip
work. It affected my lun« «o that I cougheS
all the time, both day and night. My mends
oil thought I had consumption. My wife bad
taken Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription and it
had helped her so much she insisted on my try-
Inr his 'Golden Medical Discovery '—which I
did. I have taken four. bottles and am nwa
well man, weighing 185 pounds, thanks to Dr.
Rerce's Golden Medical Discovery."
'# The sole motive for substitution is to
permit the dealer to make the little more
profit paid by the sale ofless meritorious
medicines. He cains; you lose. \
THE GREAT ARCHITECT
Of the" World's Finest • Library Building Recommends
- ; . Pe-ru-na for Catarrh.
W%Sp^ CONGRESSIONAL LIBRARY,
-*JN3v^iK^- t » ON I S SMITH1IETER, architect of the New Con-
i&W&rfP\W/ T J JrMsional Library of Washington. D. C. ranks tint
¦Mg&Wtir W H Ml profession in this country. 'This library Is con-
&VmM W ' A * «?dered theflnest buildln* in the United States. Mr.
v/$$2f%M K e in,JwX*Jr ,nent sixteen years traveling in Europe working
U o"\£e^^rand^on£res/ appropriated 5 J6.0OO.00O for thla
A iM 1 'letter written from "Washington and daftd Joly 4,
Jfm fil 1 ir<m to The Peruna Drur WVg Co.. Columbus. Ohio.
' 1X\ W • I sSthmeyer says the following In regard to Peruna. the
f-\ bM B world renowned catarrh cure:
' '% \ W( ' 1 Peruna Drug M'f'g Co., Columbus, Ohio:
¦ ' i ®1. 1 . Gentlemen — / endorse the good opinion expressed
1 §i^ 1 Senators and Representatives in Congress regarding
H J^f«^ 1 M* curative qualities of your compound. Those who
ad/ffl I have used it recommend it as an excellent tonic which
is>-?0\ 1 /* particularly effective as a cure for catarrh."
0#»**3» > i 1 p »««•»• j 1 1 S SM1THMEYER
1 \ One of the most wonderful events In the history of medl-
over, distinguished officers In the army and navy. PhJS'clans.
svrusf ayes ff&Tsas s^^Jn&s^i ssre«
praise. The men and women who are saying these thlnes
they, were not true. No one would have the audacity to publish sucn uungs u»
less by the authority of those whose names are «»ed. f Peruna
wrile aTon^ce M1& rt P £S P^^^^^ yXc^and he will be
PlC A^d d re^s Kf S^Kb?SSSlf«?5 C WrSttn»« Sanitarium. Columbus, Ote.
ADVERTISEMENTS. !
"DIAMOND MARKET
AFFECTED."
This was predicted about one year ago.
Tim*- alone has proven the assertion, but. i
like all former triumphs of science this i
wonderful gem 'Sapph Diamond) has had
to prove its way to victory.
Th«*se een?.s so closely rival the real dia-
mond in hardness that they are cut In
the midp manner, receiving that high
polish which causes tbtxn to burst forth '
with that prismatic fire and brilliancy so '
characteristic of the n-al product. J. C.
DAVIDSON has but one agency estab-
lished on this coast, and that is at 12i
Kearny street, San i- ranclsco, CaL
"BEWARE"
Of any one offering inferior cubstitutes
or claiming: to represent me.
No electric lights used, "cnly at night."
"DAVIDSON'S GEMS"
Are demonstrated side by side with real
perns arv3 guaranteed to retain their phe-
nomena* luster. Reconstructed rubles,
emeralds, sapphires and pearls that
would foil the best of experts. Direct Im-
porters of Australian and Hungarian
opals. World's greatest diamond Imita-
tor. J. C. DAVIDSON; catalogues.
BJLERS
Guaranteed Pure*
None So Good*
Sold Et?erpb)f)£rA± i
HTLBERT MERCANTILE CO.. %
Pac:2c Coast Api-nt».
. Schilling's Best I
tea baki&f -powder «p!c«
coffee fi» wir.f extraeti sal*
an better than money ; you?
grtcer knows it; for nobody
taks the money.
ADVEBTISTnvrrTWTS.
I B, KATSCHINSKI
1 Philadelphia Shoe Co*
I 10 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO.
j| Adjolalsr Call BttUdliif .
IEVERY LADY NEEDS
I COMFORTABLE SLIPPERS
Rj If there is one article of foot-
i wear that is actually necessary to
S a lady it Is a comfortable slipper.
a They are so easily slipped on In the
U morning and can be worn until the
B work In the house is finished that
B they are almost indispensibie.
H Now here Is a special: Ladies' dark
H blue FELTINE CLOTH Slippers,
a red flannel lined, turned soles and
M low heels. Sizes. 3 to 9. THE
N PRICE ONLY 5OC I
8 LADIES' COMFORT LACE
I WITH RUBBER HEELS
H Comfcrt and ease in every pair. D
M Specially made for ladies who are h
h constantly on their feet. Imperial S
H Kid Lace Shoes, with wide coin toes e
n and tips, turned soles and low. broad £
1 heels, with rubber top pieces. Rec- I
H ommended by nurses, as they are 8
Q noiseless. OUR PRICE ONLY I
1 .SI. <».">• Sizes, 3 to 9; widths. B I
i to EE. . I
fa U U 1 1 I ytffigftJtesK H
ij\!iriin /Ff^rfiSM |j
I ANKLE SUPPORTERS 1
If ENJOY HEALTH. STRENTH H
AND COMFORT. Our ankle and f
; instep supporters for men, women B
and children are guaranteed to B
cure and relieve the pain caused by n
weak ankles, flat feet and broken 9
down Insteps. Made of light sole 8
leather and molded on lasts fash- K
! ioned after the sh?pe of the human B
foot and can be worn In *ny shoe. G
Every supporter made specially to R
order. Correspondence solicited, m
In ordering state for what com- m
plaint reqtired. Prices very rea- •;
H sonable. We have hundreds of tes- H
il monlals and references from people a
H ;who have been cured by our sup- |j
fl porters. f|
| B. KATSCHINSKI
I Philadelphia Shoe Co*
3 10 nmtP ST., Saa rnnelaeo.Baltimore has a man who earns an ex
cellent living tattooing dogs.
nuity fund, whether belonging to the An
nuity Association or not, will be held in
the Girls' High School auditorium tomor
row at 3:30 p. m. The proposed extra
contribution of $30 from each con
tributor will be explained and dis
cussed, also any other measure that may
be offered (and it is hoped many will be)
for the Increase of the fund controlled
and administered ' by the Annuity Com
missioners acting under the State law.
Webster Died Intestate.
Anna G. Webster, widow of the lato
Frederick R. Webster, the well-known
clubman and sportsman, applied for let
ters of administration upon his estate yes
terday. She state3 In her petition that
her husband died Intestate, leaving an es
tate exceeding In value $10,000. The only
heirs, according to the petition, are tha
widow and Martha Webster, mother of
the" deceased.
Weds Popular Toung Lady of Napa
NAPA, Aug. 26.— Miss Lulu C. Horat
meyer of Naca and Carl D. Brandt of
San Fnvncisco were united in marriage
here at noon to-day. The bridj is the
eldest (JaVshter of Mr. and Mrs. H. C.
Hcrstmeyer of Napa and is highly accom
plished She is a graduate of Stanford
University. The groom holds a responsi
ble position with the Pope & Talbot L.uia
ber Company and Is in charge of thoir
interests at Point Ludlow. Many fnend3
from Kan- Francisco and Oakland attend <
cd thf. weddinsr.
To Meet at Girls' High School.
A meeting of all contributors to the an-
FORMER PRESIDENT OF UNI
VERSITY OF CALIFORNIA.
WHO DIED YESTERDAY.
Bauzhaf Bros.,, proprietors of the Old
Homestead bakery, sued for an Injunction
yesterday restraining E. . C. Chase, a rival
baker, from Imitating their trademark.
They also ask judgment for IS00 damages
for. alleged use of a trademark similar In
design to theirs.
Would Enjoin Baker Chase.
C. H.. Butler is suing Edward Kruse Jr.
to compel him to restore to him a bill of
sale of a one-sixteenth Interest in tho
vessel Homer. In his complaint, filed
yesterday, he alleges . that ; the bill was
originally the property of J. D. \Tallant, to
whom it was given as security for a loan
of $1500, and that the loan having been re
paid the bill of sale should now? be con
sidered null and void. . ..
Claims Bill of Sale Is Void.
Advent Christian Conference.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 25.— Mrs. T. H. Or
• n of Santa Cruz delivered the address
'is morning at the Advent Christian
inference, and Elder Virgil Hunt spoke
•; length on the Eastern question and the
•;rkish war. E'.der I. N. Archibald was
he speaker at the afternoon session.
When arrested he threw away a' gold
watch and fob, which were Identified by
one of the. guests at the Mentone whose
room had been entered, He was also
identified by the cook arid another serv
ant as a Chinese they saw in the rooms
that day and when asked what he wanted
he replied he nad called for washing.
About two months aco he 'broke into
a room at the Hotel Gladstone, on Polk
and Eddy streets, and the officers had
been looking for him since that time.
Lou Wing, a Chinese, who has already
served three terms for burglary, was ar
rested yesterday morning by Detectives
Ryan and Taylor and will be booked on
a charge of burglary for entering two
rooms in the Hotel Mentone, 901 Powell
street, on August 17 and stealing a large
quantity of Jewelry belonging. to the oc
cupants.
Accused of Entering Two Rooms in
Hotel Mentone and Steal
ing Jewelry.
I know thare are' many who have rendered
high services to the Institution, but I believe,
taking all things Into consideration, there Is
no' man whose service can be matched against
that of Dr. Kellogg. He stood always for the
highest and best things.. His voice and his
influence were always for what Is clean, de
cent, orderly. Those who eought his counsel
found that he was wise beyo-nd the ordinary
measure of human wisdom; those who shared
his closer confidences knew that he was tender
and kind and faithful, and that he wished no
man evil, but sought good for all.
CHINESE ARRESTED ON
CHARGE OF BURGLARY
. The news of the death of President Kelloge
has bowed the entire university community in
frrltt. He wa* a much beloved man.
For forty-three years— that I*, from the very
beginning: of the university in tha form of the
little college In Oakland — he was more In
timately connected with the whole life «f the
institution than any othtr man. His person
ality represents its entire history. He served
the university for two periods, once In 1SSS,
again from 1800 to 1S03 as its acting: presi
dent; from 1882 to 1899 he was Its president.
He was a quiet man, and It may be that men
have not always known how great and how
fundamental In their character were his ssr
vires to the university.
He carried burdens, the weight of which
few men knew. He would carry burdens and
not repine; he could be buffeted and not com
plain. And yet he was a finely sensitive man.
It was always the high cause he represented
and not his personal comfort or his pride that
lay nearest his heart and governed his actions.
He loved the university with a great love. He
had sacrificed for It and tolled for It and suf
fered for It. He had a fine sense for the dig
nity of a ur.iver«ity and the respect due It
and its standards and he was willing to stand
between It and the turmoil that beset it from
without and standing there to be patient and
Bteadfast and true. •• .
•BERKELEY, Aug. 26.-Presldent Ben
jamin Ide Wheeler of the University of
California paid the following tribute to
his predecessor, the late Martin Kellogg:
SUCCESSOR'S TRIBUTE.
Will Hold an. Open-Air Service
SANTA CRUZ. Aug. 26.— The Unitarian
Church has arranged to ho'd an open-air
service at Isbel Grove nex* Sunday. The
j Third Artillery band from the Presidio
will be present. There will be readings,
music and a sermon on "Nature" by Rev.
George W. Stone.
STANFORD UNIVERSE Y. Aug. 26.—
Dr. Pierre Joseph Frien. assistant pro
fessor of the Romanic languages depart
ment, has resigned his position at Stan
ford in order to go to the University of
Washington. Professor Fri' n has left for
SMttle, where he will be the head of
the department of Roman!.? languages in
the northern college.
Resigns Position at Stanford.
acting president and president of the Uni
versity of California was coincident with
a period cf remarkable growth in the in
stitution, which more^than kept pace
with the progress of the oldest and beBt
schools in the East. He had a principal
part in the reorganization of the colleges
and courses, with the, advantages- of the
elective system;' and IA the adoption of
the policy of accrediting student gradu
ates of the high schools of the - State,
which has done much toward the in
crease of attendance at the University.
Though well occupied with his official
and academic duties, Professor Kellogg
found time to make some valuable con
tributions to educational literature, and'
his works are standard in many parts of
the country.
He was a member of the American
Philological Association and of the Cali
fornia Historical Society. In 1893 his
alma mater, Yale, conferred upon him
tne degree of LL. D. .
After five years of faithful service in
the presidential chair, In September, 1898,
he tendered his resignation, which wag
not accepted, however, until March of the
following year, when Professor Benjamin
Ide Wheeler was chosen to succeed him.
Professor Kellogg was then honored by
the Regents with the appointment as pro
fessor emeritus pf Latin, which he held at
the time of his death.
In 1SES Professor Kellogg went on a trip
abroad for a much needed rest, returning
In 1890. In 1839, with Mrs. Kellogg, he
made a trip around the world. \
Professor Kellogg's time of - service as
Professor Kellogg's first chair was that
of ancient languages, and later Latin lan
guage and literature. From 1870 to 1885 he
was the dean of the academic faculties o'
the university, and In the latter year, on
the resignation of President Reid, he was
chosen chairman of the academic faculties
and performed the duties of president un
til the arrival of President Holden, when
he resumed his usual work. In 1S90, on
President Davis' withdrawal from the
university. Professor Kellogg was at once
chosen by the academic senate as presi
dent pro tempore. The Board of Regents,
recognizing his fitness for the position,
confirmed this action and assigned to him
the duties of president, with a seat In the
board. Two years later he was duly elect
ed to the presidency and formally induct
ed Into office on charter day, March 23,
1893. . .
CAREER AT BERKELEY.
During the next four years he filled
charges in the Congregational churches a.t
Grass Valley and in Shasta and in 1?59
accepted the professorship . of Latin and
mathematics in the College of California.
This was the first institution in the State
to establish full and independent college
courses on the lines then in favor . in
Eastern colleges, which were beginning
to see the wisdom of the plan followed by
the University of Virginia, as laid down
by Jefferson.
The College of California in 1868 was
merged into the then new State Univer
sity and In recognition of the part he had
had in the merger, as well as his marked
ability, the Regents elected him one of
the first two professors of the new in
stitution, Professor John Le Conte being
the other. . N
He entered Yale in due course and grad
uated therefrom with the degree of A. B.
in 1850, being about 22 years of age, and
was chosen valedictorian of his class.
After graduation he taught for a time In
the High School at Woodbury, Conn., and
then, having decided to study theology,
he entered the Union Theological Semi
nary at New York, whence he was grad
uated in 1851. In 1853 the degree of master
of arts was conferred upon him by his
alma mater. After studying for a while
at Andover, Mass., he then went to Yale
as resident licentiate, where he remained
until 1855, when he was ordained to the
ministry and left for California to work
as a home missionary.
GRADUATE OF YALE.
Until he was sixteen years of age Mar
tin lived at home and had such opportu
nities for instruction as were afforded
by the district winter school and the
higher school taught for a few months
each year by undergraduates of the
neighboring colleges. During two winters
later he attended better schools in near
by towns and then went to Williston
Seminary to prepare for college.
Martin Kellogg, whose name and work
were so closely associated with the Incep
tion and upbuilding of the University of
California, was born in Vernon, Connec
ticut, March 15, 1S2S. His father and
grandfather were farmers 'and his own
boyhood was passed on the farm. They
were, however, people of education and
one uncle. Rev. Ebenezer Kellogg, a grad
uate of Yale in 1610, was for more, than
thirty years professor of ancl*nt lan
guages in Williams College, Massachu
setts. Another Ebenezer Kellogg, sreat
grandfather of Martin Kellogg, graduat
ed from Yale in 1757, and was for more
than fifty years pastor at North Bolton
(.later Vernon), Connecticut.
His mother, Eliza White, was a direct
descendant of the Elder John White who
emigrated with Rev. Thomas Hooker
from Cambridge to Hartford in 1636. Both
families furnished their quota in succes
sive generations of substantial and use
ful citizens.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Aug. 26.—
Professor Henry Rushton Fairclough,
head of the department of Latin, ar
rived at the university this morning from
a y« ar's travel spent in classical research
work In Europe. He visited both Eng
land and the Continent during his eab
batical year's leave. Professor Fairclough
achieved considerable prominence in con
nection with the presentation of the An
tigone In the original Greek by the
Stanford Greek department last year. He
was largely responsible for the success
of the production, having superintended
the work of preparation.
Professor Fairclough Returns.
t> "^X-PRESIDENT Martin Keljogg
of the University of California
passed away peacefully at the
Sanitarium at 11:43
o'clock yesterday morning. He
entered the sanitarium several weeks ago
to have a surgical operation performed.
He rallied from the effects of the knife
at first and the attending physicians
thought he had an excellent chance of
recovery. His weakened constitution
caused by the burden of years gave way,
however, and several days ago It was
known that he would succumb. The dis
tinguished educator leaves a wife, . who
watched by his side in the sanitarium. -
"This is a bad piece of business," paid
Boyd to-day. "They were trying to hush
up the matter. I was not notified of the
true condition cf Gilligan. or McGrath
would never have been able to skip. As
It Is now he has a big start on us and
may get away."
Two months ago Gilligan, who was
about 30 years of age, was appointed
Poundmaster for the municipality of
Sausalito, and he proved to be a moft
efficient officer. About two weeks ago
Gillican had n small dog in the pound
and McGrath took a great fancy to the
animal. Gilligan promised the canine to
his friend, provided it was not redeemed
within the required time. The dog was
not taJsen cut in time and McGrath be
came its master. Subsequently the own
er appeared and wanted his pet. He paid
Gilligan the necessary fees and the ca
nine was restored to him, but without
the knowledge cf McGrath. The two men
met Sunday. August 1G. and McGrath ac
cused Gillig-an of selling the dog. An
•altercation followed and McGrath knock
f6 his opponent down. Gilligan's head
struck the Ftor.e sidewalk and his skull
.was fractured.
The officer* of Sausalito did not arrest
McGrath. neither was the Sheriff's office
in San Rafael notified. Gilligan received
medical attention in his own room that
niijrht, but his condition became serious
and h»* was removed to the San Fran
cisco hoepital ' the following day. Mc-
Grath was still allowed his freedom and
soon after he .left town. He has not been
Been in Sausalito for nearly a week.
After he hart gone the District Attor
ney was notified and issued a warrant,
,hut n* effort was made to locate Mc-
Grath until to-day. Sheriff Taylor has
now taken the matter in hand and is
"much incensed that he was not notified
before. District Attorney Boyd is also
angry.
SAUSALJTO. Aug. 26.— Arther E. Gilli
gan died this morning in St. Mary's Hos
pitaJ. San Francisco, and a warrant has
been issued for the arrest of Francis H.
McGrath on the charge of manslaughter.
McGrath is accused of having fatally in
jured Gillipan during a quarrel.
Both Gilligan and McGrath were resi
dent* of SausaJito and were popular in
Martn County. Up to a very short time
ago thev were fast friends. They were
comrades in the Spanish war. fought to
gether in the Philippines' and after their
discharge took up their abode in Sausa
lito. For a long time they occupied the
Fame apartments.
Special Dlsi>atch to The Call.
It must be borne in mind - there are 1S13
platform men alone In our service. If each
member procured five rent statements, as re
quested, we should have In this record 0X75
statements. It appears that employes and non
employes and women as well circulated these
statements and that the union was not able
to procure but a few hundred rent Increases to
sustain their contention, and even then, as
Is shown by Mr. Sloan's affidavit, they are not
altogether reliable.
In the matter of the statements filed by the
union entitled "Explanation as to savings,"
the United Railroads has no sur-rebuttal tes
timony to Introduce and in perfectly willing
to let the matter stand where the union has
left it. We only beg to direct the attention of
tho arbiters to these facts that are disclosed
by the record.
Tho United Railroads Company In it* evi
dence produced the 'statements of 378 enrmen
who had saved sums ranging from a sum not
stated up to $3800. The union attempted to
secure admission from their witnesses that no
part of such savings were made, sine* the
strike of 1002. The union produced In answer
to these 378 statements, but upon examination
it appears ' that over 100 of them show that
they are still saving out - of their earnings
turns ranging from $5 to $20 per month and In
totals ranging as high as ?l?0. We are per
fectly willing to let this matter rest as the
union has left it.
¦ Superintendent Chapman was recalled
and testified. that the time-tables arranged
by Mr. Clapp were -impracticable and
forced and -could not be used by the
United Railroads in the operation of its
system. " ¦
CommentB made' by. division superin
tendents upon the statements made by
the men were read in evidence.- They
were based on the length of time It took
the employes to qualify as house and'
track men.
An adjournment was then taken until
10 o'clock this morning.
RENTS NOT INCREASED.
In addition to this we deeire to file as United
Railroads' exhibit No. 105 the circular of In
structions Issued by the Carmen's Union to its
members directing them to obtain live of their
rent statements tilled out. And we direct the
attention of the board to the fact that the
Instructions do not ask the carmen to secure
five neighbors at haphazard and so give to
this board knowledge of the average condi
tions prevailing. The instructions ask for
"five neighbors who have had their rent
raised," and states that the union wants to
show as great a number of Increases In rent
as possible. The instructions are mandatory
and say Don't (In large type). "Don't fall to
attend to this at once, as It Is of importance,"
and Is signed "J. H. Bowling. Secretary and
Treasurer."
The United Railroads now flies its exhibit
No. 1*9, being a book of photographs of car
men's houses and homes In Ban Francisco.
The purpose of this exhibit is to show to ths
board of arbiters the character of dwellings
occupied by Ban Francisco carmen so that in
making comparisons of rent with Eastern cit
ies It may appear that there Is a wide differ
ence between the character of the carmen's
home in San Francisco and the homes of
similar laborers In the East. The photo
graphs also demonstrate that carmen's wage*
In San FranelFCO do not preclude them from
living In very comfortable and very beautiful
homes.
RAILROAD'S SIDE.
After affidavits signed by John S. Done
gan, E. J. Livernash, William H. Gould
and others were read the Carmen's Union
closed its case.
Attorney Moore, then made the follow
ing statement:
In sur-rebuttal we ask the board of arbl
trailln to observe that no rules have been ob
served by the carmen in reference to rebut
tal; that mainly air the testimony ofttred by
the Carmen's Union as, rebuttal has been on
its case in chief and was of a character that
would be ruled out if the cause was in court
and not before an arbitration board.
• I give it as my opinion, based on extensive
Inquiries concerning local labor conditions, that
should the United Railroads dismiss its present
platform men and seek to replace them at an
average of $2 50 a day for a ten-hour day, that
corporation would be unable to obtain men
with whom to fill the vacant places.
In his affidavit Bowling said " he had
made, 4aqulry-an^wa«. led to say-,, that
the local labor market was far from be
ing congested and had less than the nor
mal supply of men- possessing fitness for
platform service on street railways-
Michael Casey makes the following
statement:
Attorney Moore moved to strike out the
affidavits of J. H. Bowling, secretary of
the Carmen's Union, and Michael Casey,
president of the Board of Public Works,
on the ground that they were /iot In re
buttal. Moore said they sounded like the
voice of Jacob, supported by the hand of
Esau. *'I admire the perfect English and
am surprised that these gentlemen- should
use It. It sounds like Livernaah," eaid
Moore sarcastically.
SOUNDS LIKE LIVEBNASH.
I am satisfied thnt $."« a day in California
will purchase less than f2 a day In New York.
If that be true, then the man who receives 4
in Nf-w York li really paid a higher wage.
I do know that prices to-day In the city of
San Francisco are higher than they were one
year ago.
The obligation incumbent on employers :s
denned by an eminent authority to be, "To
Kive to every one that which Is Just." Doubt
less before we ca.n decide whether wages are
adequate, many things have to be considered,
but first men and employers should remember
this, that to exercise pressure for the Bake
of- gain upon the indigent and the destitute
and to make one's pront out of another's need
is condemned by all laws human and divine.
In the opinion of many authorities high wages
make hish profits; that is to say, if an em
ployer gives high wages he will attract to his
service the very beat laborers.
A letter written by Park Commissioner
Frank J. Sulllvar. was put in evidence.
It contained the following extract:
CARMEN UNDEEPAID.
An affidavit made by P. H. McCarthy,
president of the Building Trades' Council,
was read. Following is an extract!
.¦¦When these facts are fully considered and
applied to the prtse-nt important controversy
as to the wageu and houis of a certain branch
of labor in San Francieco, only one conclusion
can bi rpaelud and that is that the carmen
of this city are overworked and underpaid
when the status of all classes is considered.
They perform important and responsible duties;
life and iirooeny depend upon their fidelity
to duty, and they receive In return for their
*ervlc«s about sixty per cent of, what other
laborers are given whose duties call for the
exercise of Intelligence and faithfulness, and
under the increased cost of living, which cur
rent orlces show to he from twtnty to forty
per cent, have less than any other craft of
equally skilled labor to show as a result of
their labor.
Before noon to-day all the. testimony In
the arbitration proceedings between the
Carmen's Union an,d the United Railroads
will have been taken And aa soon as the
stenographer has transcribed hla notes
the voluminous record will be aen^ on to
Washington to the commission selected
to settle the differences between employes
and corporation.
• Only two more witnesses remain to be
examined. They will be put bn the stand
this morning and their evidence will be
in 'sur-rebuttal. A. A. Moore. . attorney
lor the railroad company, announced yes
terday afternoon that he would finish in
an hour. In the absence of E.~J. Llver
nash, who has been conducting the case
on behalf of the Carmen's* Union, R. H.
Elder has been conducting the proceed
ings.
The morning session was devoted to
the introduction of affidavits mado by
friends o* both sides.
Claim He Dealt Fatal Blow
During a Quarrel Over
a Small Dog.
Arbitration Proceedings Are
to Be Concluded This
Morning.
Pictures Prove They
Live in Handsome
Houses.
Police Are Now Search
ing for Francis H.
McGrath.
GILLIGAN DIES
FROM INJURIES
CARMEN'S HOMES
PHOTOGRAPHED
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 27, 15*03.
Martin Kellogg, Ex-President pf the University of
California, Succumbs at a Local Sanitarium
From Effects of Age and a Surgical Operation
DISTINGUISHED EDUCATOR DIES
PEACEFULLY WITH WIFE AT BEDSIDE
4
ABVEETISEMEirrS.
Soldiers Subject to
Aches and Pains.
I Have My Share — I
Find Relief in
Dr. Miles* Anti-Pain Pills
and Nervine.
"I can cheerfully recommend Dr. MiW
Anti-Pain Pills as first-class in every respect.
They have done wonders for me. I was a
soldier in the late war and am subject to and
hare my share of the aches and pains from
the hardship t£at usually falls to the lot of
the soldiers who saw service. Anti-Pain Pills
never fail to relieve the rheumatic twinges,
headacne or other pains. A number of old
comrades in this vicinity who have used Dr.
Miles' Restorative Tonic, Nervine and Nerve
and Liver Pills epeak highly of their virtues
in every respect. My health is greatly im-
proved, thanks to your Restorative Nervine,
with the exception of an old wound which
troubles tag somewhat" — Timothy J.
Lynch, 4tlTKe£t. Maryland VoL Inft, The
Dalles, Orepoa.
Rheumatic twinges, headache, and the
pains of a disordered Etomach are frequent
reminders of the strain and hardships of aa
army campaign. In all such cases tne nerves
are affected too seriously to right themselves,
and prompt treatment is necessary. The best
treatment consists of Dr. Miles' Restorative
Nervine, which restores vitality to the nerves
and helps them to throw off various disorders
which bring about pain and suffering. There
is nothing so good for the stomach and bow-
els as Dr. Miles' Nerve and Liver Pills. They
act directly upon the nerves of the digestive
organs, speedily restoring them to normal
activity.
. All druggists sell and guarantee first bot-
tle Dr. Miles' Remedies, send for free book
on Nervous and Heart Diseases. Address
Dr. Miles Medical Co, Elkhart, Ind.
MARKET ST.Sf.^SSS^
Th©F© Is But On©
...FOR THE...
Liquor Habit
i Absolutely free from the dangers and ill effects of hypo-
dermics; a cure that does not require detention I from
business. It cures, in three days to stay cured and has
stood the- test of nearly fourteen years— a cure that is
to-day making men of thousands of citizens who were
wrecked by whisky.
DON'T MAKE DANGEROUS EXPERIMENTS WITH
ALLEGED CURES THAT HAVE NEITHER STANDING
REPUTATION NOR GENUINE CREDENTIALS.
The One Safe and 'Certain Liquor
Cure on Earth Is Administered
Only by Its Discoverer,
DR# J# Jo" JVlcKANNA
address all mail: j4 Geary Street, San Francisco, Cal.
Telephone Main 1037.
Elegant Accommodations for Women Patients, With Competent Attendants.
lO®0©OSO(5O©O^©OQ0fi)e©0OOOO©O©©OO0OOOaOOOOCCO©OO©OO9OC3OOCaO©3OOOOC
"TT Hil n ATUFPRTY'
A Swell Fruit Study
FOB YOUR DINING ROOM
rpj FWsBMlilltWW'T'^rtT'iTF^^T?TrT^Q^Ka^3EBt<STMa?^g ft' »• y^ -^ rwy^ - *• : ,^*&&*sr'r^^^* 1 *ii£ijti • ' ' x*«S
WjKJMMgM^wlM^^jlDWMfcpwDyiSDhflKB.^^ft^VTThflSMty^ 4^*y^E?nr*Bi&~i?*%*f*13BK»^vX&Wii?V?&*^*x &^&r£-£{^KZ?[<?\?1Sr ¦¦¦¦¦- -*^v jiS^^CSKy I ~ ¦*->'- ¦' ' ¦"¦'" < -'¦""' < • '" "'* '••¦¦'•' ¦ •¦¦¦ r- '••''' ¦¦ '•••¦ '¦ ¦ " J
- - mJ \m" ij X ' \jP*srTfc JL Mm m*0 *VJ2* r 4Lr m Ml
I Free Call Art Supplement Next Sunday. I
C. P. Beam has won a reputation surpassing that of any other artist ||
in this country as a painter of fruit. "Just Gathered" is characteristic of H
his best style, which does not depend upon imitative ability alone for its H
excellence, but combines qualities of effect, composition and color bar- ¦ j4
mony, which give his works a pictorial interest not usually found in still- M
In this picture the plums lie in the grass as if they had been freshly r I
plucked from the tree, with the bloom still on them, while a ray of sun- h
light falling on some of them and on a portion of the grass gives effect fj
and variety of color to the composition. There is something infinitely \\
more pleasing in this suggestion of a natural environment than to the U
conventional arrangement of a still life with a meaningless background, M
which is so common in most representations of fruit and flowers. - |
' -"Just Gathered" was formerly owned by Catherine M. White of II- . f
linois, who bequeathed it to the Chicago Art Institute, in whose penna- f
ncnt collection it now is. It was selected by a committee appointed by the I
art institute, along with a picture by William Hart, from a number of- »
fored in the bequest. |
Ask your news agent for the SUNDAY CALL. pj
TRAW NEWS AGENTS AND ALL NEWSDEALERS SELL THE CALL J
Price 5 Cents. Price 5 Cents. Price 5 Cents. if
THEY ARE FRAMING THE CALL ART SUPPLEMENTS I
I The Following Art Dealers Are Making a Specialty of Framing Call Art Supplements: |
SACRAMENTO— Hevener, Mler & street; Gage's art store, 609 East Main "SAN DIEGO— W. P. Puller & Co n
Co 615 J street: C. N. Davis, book •treet: Weber;* art store. '425 East F street. * "
•tore. 817 K street Main street. \ FRESNO-Sronce & Dick.
PETALUMA-H. . S. Gutermute, J. MARY8VILL.E— O. W. .Hall. REDDING— W. H. Benin "Berii
M. Wyckoff. ' . OAKLAND-E. J. Baake. 13 Tele- Furniture Company"; T. J. *Houstoi
8AN JOSE— George Denne, M. Len- graph avenue; A. A. Barlow, 369 Houston Furniture ComoanT P
ten & Son. ' Twelfth street. REDWOOD CITT-W L Kllni.1
STOCKTON-Morrls Bros. 1 book ALAMEDA-C. -P. Magagnos. 13SI SANTA CRUZ-H. E* Irish Cooi» ¦
•tore. 20 'North El Dorado street; Park «treet. .;¦.-.-. Bros.. F. R. Hew. George Hoban.r
Stockton Racket store, 711 East Main CHICO-Tetters & Williams. JACKSON-E. G. Freeman C*/
'¦''''"'^' '•',.*.'¦¦*¦ '¦'':-¦. ¦¦•¦•¦.¦ __! !__^^_" _..*.. " ' . . §
¦¦''¦¦:' •¦'.'¦¦" " ' • ¦ ¦¦¦¦.• Iserved seat,
Sunday, September 6 (and every Sunday for
a limited' season),' to Cazadero: 5 to 5 hours'
etay among . the Riant redwoods, or on the
Russian Hiver; boatlngr. swimrainc. a general
gOAd time, ths scenic trip of California. Round
trip tickets only $1 80 at North Shcre Rail
road • office.. 626 Market ' street. Include a re-
Reduced Rate Excursion.
Several. months ago United States Cir
cuit Judge Morrow Issued a restraining
order prohibiting certain Basque sheep
owners from pasturing their flocks on the
Stanislaus forest reserve. First Assistant
United States District : Attorney Edward
J.' Banning received Information recently
to the effect that Domingo Bidegaray, Jo
seph Glrrard, Pedro Lotopic. Miguel Ur
rutia and C. E. Wedertz had large flocks
of sheep pasturing on the eastern slope
of the reserve In Modoc County from
August 10 t« August 15. The restraining
order had been served on them on July IS.
The defendants wero ordered to show
cause oh September 7 why they should
not be, punished for contempt.
They. Are Pasturing Their Flocks on
the Sierra Forest Reserve
in Modoc.
BASQUE SHEEPMEN
CITED FOR CONTEMPT
"Everyman" will be produced at Lyric
Hall next Wednesday night. It is the
flifteenth century 'morality play. Charles
Krohman Is the manager. • ,:
• • *
The subject of Dr. Alexander J. Mclvor-
Tyndall's , usual Sunday - night lecture at
Steinway Hall will be , "How to Read
Thought." • "¦¦
«. * *
The, Chutes is offering a pleasing and
<varied programme in - its big theater.
The amateurs will appear to-night in new
specialties and living pictures. A Chinese
baby girl has been added to the collection
in the incubator?.
"The Highwayman" is finishing its last
week at the Tivoli.
Next week the grand opera season be
gins. "Aida" and "Lucia" will be the
attractions of the opening week. ;
• • •
"Quo Vass Iss" and "The Big Little
Princess" continue to pack Fischer's to
the doors at every performance. . Sep
tember 7 the new bill, consisting of
"The Con-Curers" and "The Glad Hand/'
will be produced.
"In Harvard" is nearing the close of
its successful run at the Grand. Saturday
night will be given over to Stanfoid Uni-
Veisity students. The Pollard Lilliputian
Company will open Sunday night in "The
belle of New York."
Henry Miller and Margaret Anglin In
"The Taming of Helen" are drawing
pleased audiences to. the Columbia. 'The
play Is mounted with unusual. care and
attention to detail and the company of •
fers efficient support.
"The Dairy Farni" at the Alcazar con
tinues to pack the house. The demand Is
so great for seats that an extra matinee
will be given Sunday arid the final per
formance will be Sunday evening. Flor
ence Roberts begins her season on Mon
day night in "The Unwelcome Mrs.
Hatch," which is new to this city.
The bill at the Orpheum is attracting
crowded houses. The programme offered
is of unusual excellence.
"Camille" has been doing a great busi
ness at the Central. The play is finely
staged and costumed. Next week "The
Great Ruby."
"Shenandoah," with its marvelous bat
tle scene, is still drawing big houses and
there seems to be no limit to its popular
ity.
A special matinee of "Mrs. Dane's De
fense" will be given by the Neill-Mo
rosco Company at the California this aft
ernoon, which will be the company's first
performance in San Francisco of this cel
ebrated play.
Every theater in San Francisco has
done a good business during the last week
and the bills for the coming week are in
viting.
The report of the treasurer. Frederick
E. Wadhams of New York, showed a bal
ance in the treasury of $6796. - •
To-night Sir Frederick Pollock read a
paper on law reporting in England.
The committee to secure uniform legis
lation by the States held its last meeting
to-day. The report of the president
showed that twenty-two States have en
acted a uniform law governing negotiable
instruments. Several States have adopt
ed a uniform divorce law, which provides
that parties cannot secure divorces in any
State for cause which would not entitle
them to divorce in the State where they
reside. ¦ v-ri -
HOT SPRINGS, Va.. Aug. 26.— The an
nual convention of the American Bar As
sociation opened here to-day. About 200
lawyers are In attendance. The session
will last until Friday night. Charles F.
Llbbey of Maine called the convention to
order in the absence ofJU. M. Rose, the
retiring president, and presented Ftancls
Rawle of Philadelphia, president of the
association. Rawle delivered his annual
address, reviewing National and State leg
islation during the past year.
At the conclusion of the president's ad
dress Secretary John Hinckley of Balti
more read his annual report. It showed
that all the States except Nevada and
nearly all the Territories are represented
in the association.
—State delegations nominated members of
the general council as follows: Alaska,
Melville C. Brown; Arizona, Everett R.
Ellin wood; California, Charles Monroe;
Oregon. Charles H. Carr; Washington. C.
H. Hanford.
It's Annual Convention
Begins at ' Hot
Springs.
Dr. J. F. Welsh, 11S4 Sutter street, was
convicted by Police Judge Mogan. yester
day on a charge of battery and will be
sentenced this morninc He was in the
Winchester Hotel on Monday and dm... ,
an argument with G. W. Sanford, one
of the guests, struck him on the head
with his cane. Sanford was sitting in a
chair at the time. •
Uses a Cane on Sanford.
Patrikioupoulou Sentenced.
Christos Patrlkioupoulou was sentenced
by United States District Judge de Haven
yesterday to one year's imprisonment in
the Alameda County Jail. Patrikioupouiou
was the head of a gang of counterf«itrrs
that were broken up by United States
Secret Service Agents Hazen, Moffltt and
Foster before they had succeeded in
making any counterfeit coins.
All the Playhouses Offer
Programmes of Ex
cellence.
The trolley car is not drawn or pushed
by the electric current at all, but is lifted
again and again by the attraction of mag
nets for the armature colls of the motor.
Miss Evelyn Laughton and her friends
were informally entertained yesterday
afternoon by the Misses Bender at their
home on Green street. Miss Laughton will
become the bride of Morris Darreto of New
York on the 15th of September, the wed
ding to take place at her home in Belve
dere. Because of the coming nuptials the
entertainment offered yesterday was in
the nature of a linen shower, many dainty
gifts being bestowed upon the popular
bride-elect. The Misses Bender, who are
cousins of Mirs Laughton, extended cor
dial hospitality and the afternoon was
pleasantly spent.
Mrs. O. B. Spaulding gave a pretty
lunchcon yesterday afternoon at her
he me, where she entertained a number of
nurses from the California Woman's Hos
pital.
Cards have been issued announcing the
marriage of Miss Adelia Osmont, daugh
ter of Mr. and Mrs. T. M. Osmont. to
James Clarence Sperry at St. Luke's
Church August 23.
* ' • , *
Announcement cards are being mailed
to the friends of Miss Anna Elizabeth
Schulze and S. A. D. Schcnck. who were
married at Seattle on August 21. The
couple will residft in Frultvale.
The Los Amigos Club has been reor
ganized for the coming season, and will
Cive three Friday-night assembles during
the coming winter. The officers are: Alan
W. Mi: pin is. president; M. G. Owen*, vice
president: Earl Earhart, treasurer; Rob
rrt W. Martland, secretary.
Mrs. EL E. Huntingdon Is expected to
return from Piedmont next month, and
will so East in the early fall.
Mrs. Walter S. Dean and Miss Helen
Dean have returned from Tahoe and are
at Hotel Rafael.
Mrs. Robert C. Foute and her children
win reside at the Knickerbocker after
.September I. Mrs. Foute has rented her
home on California street. '-V
Lieutenant Douglas MacArthur. son of
Jrneral and Mrs. MacArthur, who re
fntly graduated from West Point, will
nil for the Philippine* on October L
Webb Amends Complaint.
The amended complaint in the quo war
'^nto proceedings to oust from. office the
Board of Medical Examiners was
"M yesterday by State Attorney Gen
f r;| L r . S. Webb. The proceedings are
in the. name of D. A- Hodghead
zn are calculated to test the validity
<* he act under which the board exists.
PEOPLE APPROVE
BILES OF WEEK
Hamilton Greene, who was operating
an elevator In th© building at 423 Mont
gomery street last May sustained a fall
that injured him for life, filed a suit for
$50,000 damages against D. F. Walker,
owner of the building, yesterday. He*
claims that the elevator was defective
and that because "Walker knew It he was
criminally negligent.
Claims Elevator Was Defective.
The Jury in the case of the Electric
Railway Hill-Cable Company vs. Market
Street Railway Company was discharged
yesterday by Judge James H. Beatty In
the United States Circuit Court, the mem
bers having failed to agree. The suit was
for ' damages and an accounting for al
leged infringement of letters patent on a
cable-clutch device used on the Fillmore
street line. . <
Jury Disagrees.
BAR ASSOCIATION
OPENS MEETING
A thorough canvass should be made of every
block in the city for Republicans who have not
registered. This work can be most effectively
accomplished by volunteer service. If Repub
licans will devote only a little time to thie
every Republican In £an Francisco will be in
duced to register and we will achieve a victory
in November.
Now is the timo to register. It takes only a
few moments at the registration office at the
City Hall. The office is open from 8:30 a. m.
to 5 d. m.
Reports were received from every dis
trict showing that there was a disposition
on the part of the better element of Re
publicans who had not supported the
league tickets at the recent primary elec
tion to support and vote the Republican
ticket in November; that In most in
stances the feeling, was not against the
league and what it advocates, but was
mainly directed against individuals, and
tffat as Republicans they were now satis
fled with the result.
•The meeting adjourned subject to call.
THERE was a very full meeting of
the committee on organliation of
the United Republican League in
the rooms of the organization last
evening. Matters of great import
ance were discussed and preparations for
the coming campaign were made. T7ie
vice-presidents and executive committee
met in close session and outlined plans
for the election of a full Republican
ticket. •
The committee on organization was rep
resented by Thomas P. Riordan, Abe
Ruef, John C. Lynch, Henry Ach, Dr. W.
F. McNutt and David Rich. Jacob Slep
pacher, the energetic secretary, and the
following vice-presidents and members of
the executive committee ¦ were alao
present:
J. A. Hammill, W. J. Harrington, J.
O'Brien, Leon Samuels, F. McNamara, T.
C. Duff, J. F. Ahearn, L. C. Cull, J. Arm
strong, J. C. Welsh, L. A. Taylor, Joseph
Nyland. A. H. Merrill, H. N. Beatty. Fred
Eggers, George D. Clark, I. Golden, Max
Goldberg, E. W. Brown, H: J. Hutaff. J.
G. Glesting, M. S. Esberg, George A. Mc-
Gowan, Charles T. Lindsay, \V. W. Sand
erson, James D. Brown, Dr. D. B. Ply
mire. Martin Brady and M. D. Cohen.
It was decided that the representatives
to the central body confer with the exec
utive members of all district clubs with a
view to making a thorough canvass in
every precinct to see that every Republi
can is registered for the coming bond and
municipal elections.
Schools of instruction will be established
in each district to ttach the citizens how
to mark the new ballot. This work Is
deemed very important and all officers
and members of the executlva committee
of the district clubs will take part.
The committee on publication prepared
the following notice:
Xow is the time to see that all your Republi
can friends who did not register for the last
election are registered for the coining bond and
municipal elections.
During the uast year there have been many
changes of residences, new homes have been
built, new hotels, boarding and apartment
houses have been erected in various sections of
the city In all of these will be found Republi
cans who are not registered. Citizens who have
changed their residences since the last election
must register. Personal appeals should be
made and the Importance of registration urged.
MISS LAUGHTON
ENTERTAINED BY
MISSES BENDER
PRESERVES HIS BRIDGES.
How refreshing the letter must be to
the delegates of the Republican conven
tion. Reading closely one perceives that
the eager Mayor keeps th^door open for
bolting. He does not say "accept," but
uses the term "not refuse." as follows:
If. with this statement of my position and
«M<* the laws of our land cive to ever}' citi
zfA of our republic.
So believing. If my viem* are not In accord
v.ith yours. I free'y release you from the
•riendly obligation to support me which you
have so etror.cly manifested, and again "ex
prtmm to you rr.y great appreciation of your
kind feelings and good will. Tours verr sin
cere ly, EUGEXE E. SCHMITZ.
The foregoing letter is addressed to the
Mayor's friends in the Republican con
vention. The Call is not able at this time
to present the Mayor's letter to his
friends in the Democratic convention. Xo
doubt our versatile chief executive, if per
mitted, would prepare and subscribe to
the Democratic platform as readily as
he would support a Republican platform
of his own manufacture.
rd a protection to capital and to labor alike
nd gives to the «agf-»arnpr an organized
pportunlty to .i«ro> The political equality
To My Friends In the Republican Conven
tion: I desire to thar.k you for your efforts
to recur* for me the nomination for Mayor in
Jour •invention. I ewe it to you. however, to
drftne rr.y position before you proceed further.
I pfopos* to accept the nomination of the
t'nloo Labor party if it Is tfndered to me. and
to go before the people on that ticket and as
th» candidate of that party, relying for pue
cess upon my ft?adfast friends, the wage
v orkers of San Krancisco, and upon the vote*
«~f the fair-minded and independent citizens
who believ# that I have honestly, conserva
tively and consistently endeavored to do my
duty t-r the whole people without regard to
i las?. gtati<-*n or creed, and that I have fairly
<srri.d out my prorriFe of "Equal rights to
ail aJid rpecial pnv'lrges to none" 8«d my
pledpc-s to deal justly by and to protect equal
ly capital and labor employer and employe
alike.
If with this statement of my position and
nfter my nominsU,-?! by the Union Labor par
ty, your convention should «*« fit to Indorse
my candidacy, and if your platform ehall be
>-uch that I can conscientiously support tt. I
vhould not refuse a nomination at the hands
of tte party to whoff df-clared national prln
<:r>s ar.d policies I have ever given my
ttrongeet adherence.
But I am firmly convinced that the necessi
ties of the times are such that strong; and firm
rr.tn who believe in the peaceful advancement
of the Toiling msj-Eea and in the Just and
equal treatment of vested interests and of
labor, organized and unorganized, should take
Th!fi stand f.rmly for the principles which they
profess. I believe that the existence of the
Tnion Labor party, under prudent and con
¦erratly* guidance, constitutes a safeguard
to his friends in the Republican
convention le certainly a rare contribution
to local political history. His friends are
not addressed by name, henco the public
is in the dark concerning their identity.
There Is no suggestion as to their number,
so It is left to local conjecture whether
the friends of the Mayor among the dele
gates to th« Republican convention num
ber a baker's dozen or only twelve. These
?ancles, however, are merely Incidental.
The letter Itself should be presented so
that readers of all shades of political be
lief may understand, or try to under
stand, what the Mayor means.
The Call speaks advisedly when It in
vites readers of every tinge of political
opinion to read the Mayor's epistle, be
cause our Mayor during his brief and
somewhat inglorious career as chief ex
ecutive of San Francisco has joined and
deserted ail the existing political organi
zations and Is looking hopefully to the
future for other fields of action.
SCHMITZS HUMOROUS EFFORT.
Here is the Mayor's letter to his friends:
SAN FRANCISCO. August 25. 1903.
ONE possessing the ordinary sense
of humor must enjoy some of the
features cf the present municipal
campaign. Mayor Schmitz's letter
Declines Help of Phan
tom Friends Among
Republicans.
Urgent Appeal Is Made
to Citizens to Be
Registered^
His Latest Contribution
Gives Chance for
• Questioning.
United Republican League
Holds a Special
Session.
Reading between the lines of Mayor
Schmitz's friendly communication to his
unidentified supporters in the Republican
convention one perceives a promise that
the "toiling masses" will not trouble the
capitalists if the Mayor is on watch. This
promise, to say the least, is premature.
The Mayor should get his own nomina
tion from the Union Labor party befor^
venturing further on this line of action.
Mayor Schmitz indeed is a handsome
man. No one with an eye for the beau
tiful can deny that fact, but the fight for
Mayor is not a "beauty contest." The
taxpayers and wageworkers want a man
In the executive office at the City Hall
who can accomplish something in the
way of public improvement. A$ jth!/igs
are going now it Is all talk and promise
and no work. Millions go for salaries,
while the streets- are unpaved and un
swept. The Mayor and his brothers of
the Schmitz family lend adornment to the
city, but in the sense of public utlllty
they are failures. The relation existing
between the Schmitzs and the municipal
treasury is doubtless delightful, but it
cannot last forever. This is a world of
change and progress. The Mayor, how
ever, is so versatile and adjustable that
he can readily adapt himself to changed
conditions, political or otherwise.
PROMISES ARE PREMATURE.
Let Mayor Schmitz now be frank and
straightforward to his friends in the Re
publican convention, and later on, If the
spirit prompts him, let him adopt, some
other method of dealing with his friends
in the Democratic camp. What seems
to be essential now is that the Mayor
should state how much money he received
for making speeches and lending his
beautiful personal presence in aid of a
Democratic nominee for Congress in New
York. Mind you, Mr. Mayor, The Call
does not insinuate that you worked for
scab wages, and neither is it the purpose
of the inquiry to ascertain if Mr. Hearst
paid more than the goods were worth.
The information is asked for in order to
ascertain how much it cost to bring a
strong adherent of the national policies
of the Republican party into the Demo
cratic Congressional camp.
Incidentally Mayor Schmitz might tell
how much Parry's coat of whitewash
cost, and what sum was required to put
Mershon In good standing. Trivial little
tilings like these and other incidents con
nected with amounts of money expended
at the recent primaries would not con
cern the oublic were it not for the fact
that the Mayor is posing as everybody's
friend and every political partj-'s cham
pion. Further along the Mayor may be
cabled upon to state, if he knows, from
what source and from whom the money
came to enable him to make his automo
bile fight on the day of the primary elec
tion.
FRANKNESS IS ASKED.
The reference of Mayor Schmitz to his
Ft rang adherence to the national • princi
ples and policies of the Republican party
must be supplemented with something
like a record. As the Mayor is writing
open and promiscuous letters and gen
erally taking the public into his confi
dence It Is pertinent that he be asked
to reply to several specific questions. Let
the Mayor tell his "friends" in the Re
publican convention why he went to New
York and made a speaking campaign in
support of W. R. Hearst, the Democratic
nominee for CongTess. Is such work a
fair example of "strong adherence to na
tional principles of the Republican party?"
Why did the Mayor oppose Julius Kahn,
the Republican nominee in the Fourth
Congressional District of California?
Why did the Mayor oppose E. F. Loud,
the Republican nominee for Congress in
the Fifth Congressional District of this
State? Why did he give his support to
the Democratic nominees Livernash and
Wynne? Did strong adherence to the
national policies of the Republican party
constrain the Mayor to fight Republican
nominees?
after my nomlnatlonoy the Union Labor par
ty, your convention should see fit to Indorse my
candidacy, and If your platform shall b« such
that I call conscientiously support It. I should
not refue« a nomination at th« hands of the
party to whose declared national principles and
policies I have ever given my strongest ad
herence.
SCHMITZ'S VACILLATING POLITICAL
VIEWS ARE UNCONSCIOUSLY HUMOROUS
THE SA!N FRANCISCO CALL, THUBSDAY V AUGUST 27, 1903.
Gas ranges $12, gas $1, tells the story;
both ere getting more popular. See our
ranzes. 415 Post street. :. ._ ....¦•
• Deputy Fish Commissioner A. F. Lea
arrested G.. H. Lannee of Marysville near
Bartlett Springs Tuesday for having
killed 'morel than three deer this season.
Justice of the. Peace Green of Upper Lake*
fined the offender $25 yesterday.
Pays Heavily for Deer.
5
THE MAN YOU LOVE.
IT has been said repeatedly that any woman, who is not positively
deformed, can, with tact and delicacy, win any man she sets her heart
upon, but— can she? How many women have smilingly accepted
the compliment of the assertion in public, only to ponder the ques-
tion anxiously, oft times hopelessly, in the privacy of the boudoir.
What an old, old. problem it is. to be sure, but oh, how appallingly
new to most of the Rentier sex who will read these lines. Matrimony
— the right man — a comfortable, happy home. It is the one creat prob-
lem of a woman's life from the cradle to the grave. Thev are the ideal*
that women have always cherished, always will. And how many, or
rather, how few. realize their ideals.
It is p problem that few men can understand, or, worst of all. ever :
try to understand. Man. with his lordly assumption of all the oreroe-
atives of life worth havine. may woo and win where and when he H3t- i
eth. But to woman — passive, receptive woman — what is eiven? She ;
must wait her lover's cominsr. She may not seek, as man does, that which
pleases her most. And out of the lovers who choose to woo she/must '
make what poor selection is afforded her, and, buryinsr the ideal. srK'e all [
the fluttering, clinjjins: hope of the future to shapinpr the real' into i
something akin to the sod of her dreams. •
And in this world of sham and sho^. of the mad chase for wealth,
the problem has become vastly more vexatious than it ever was before. :
Even though it has been lone accepted as something akin to a ioke. it ¦
happens all too often in real life that she loves the poor man. and must
choose between him and a wealthier though less undesirable suitor. \
Perverse woman, say the knowing and the worldly: but onlv the j?irl i
who has been confronted with such a problem can realize the heartburn- :
ing. the sublime emotional tragedy of it all. Whichever way she chooses '•
some great pa* of the ideal is shattered and — what then? !
Every wonmn who reads is sacking the answer to just such a ques- :
Hon. Just a few of those who w r '*c have tried to answer it for her. :
Such a one is the "Half-Hour-Storiette" x in the next Sunday Call, en- i
? titled "When Jabberwock Rode." Curious title.' isn't it? Well, it is a j
curious story, and one that answe rs the problem as — well, read it and !
see if you would answer it that way. If you are a weman it is ten ;
chances "to one you would or — would you?
Perhaps, after all. you wouldn't, for there is another story that solves :
the riddle in ? different wav. It is called "Betwixt Dad and Toe." but « ¦
the problem before the girl is not exactly what you would infer from i
that title— indeed not bv a great deal/ Nor can you guess what man- :
ner of finesse she used to brin<jr about a happy endtl?g— the onlv sort an
ardent girl will ever accent. Still another is "Under the Car of the :
Juggernaut." but the srirl in this story did* not have things as much her :
own way as you mijrht think she did frcm such a title. Or does that , :
title convey as clear a' conrrnti° n °f what a remarkable storv this is •
a 5 a v.-ell selected title should? You'll be able to decide that question. :
best for yoursrlf when vou read j»H the bright, clever, up-to-date storis3 ¦
on the two "Half-Hour-Storiette" pag« 8 «n the next Sunday Call. j
Jhen. to be sure, there is th^ second installment of "Brewstr-'s j
Millions" whJrh goes far toward clearing the mysterv of how he ;
spent ore million a vear to mike s ' r more. If you think it is the •
easiest' thing in the world to soend a million a year, get ynur money's i
worOi and yet have nnthinc to show for it at the end of that time. •
you'll find valuable infnrmatton in the next Sunday Call. :
. You'll find also "A P*d Haired Cunid" bv Henry Wallace Phillips. •
/'The Etiauette of th<* Hostess" by Madge Moore, the San Francisco ;
feaman who has iust broueht s» crreat ship safely into harbor bv ridine •
the broken rudder in a x «torm like a_ tramo on a brake-beam. "Old ¦
Gorgon GrahamV Alnhabft." w*"'ch is the funniest thinp vou ever saw. ;
cxrept perhans the "Wonderful Kingdom of Wonderful Things." which <
realK' is a full t>a«"e of something new under the sun. :
But what is the use of telling you any morr You will ser all thi3 :
for •your«-1 f . and much more, very mnrh more, besides in' the next i
Sunday Call, that is if you care anything at all, about -snappy, brilliant
nrwspaprrs. . ¦[
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
San Francisco, Thursday, 27 August, lOtti.
I - 4
The best we can offer
for the money— $1 1
This is no exception to the rule — we give the very-
best that is possible for every dollar we take from you.
You can buy freely here with the absolute assurance
that anything purchased can be exchanged, either for
some other article of equal value, or for the money paid
for it.
The chiffonier shown here, and which we offer for
$11.00, is made of oak, golden finish. Measures 58
inches high and Z2> inches wide. The hat box it con-
. tains is a particularly desirable feature.
The price we quote is positively NET. . It is the
same to everybody. No discounts, no commissions, no '
(Successors to California Fumittire Co.)
957 to 977 Market Street, 5an Francisco
* ADVERTISEMENTS.
® n ty a f ew Days Before We Move, j
Wy/y 1 jg||j tfim vtfWFA WHm u^ new building is nearly ready for us and we are already making preparations to occu- a
'_' ' '^^^^jj^" 0^^: MM \w tSa II tM//»^.J py jt_ To work quickly and economically we must reduce our stock greatly. Our move- £J
- fffwq»^v*Tv 1 1 f^' ]'_]*!"( uTJTlTulTr'ri^Tni!^^^^^^^^ merits are hampered by the large number of pianos on our rloor and to reduce the stock q
• * '"¦"'"""fiBaw I, ~— m — "^ prices have been made on reliable pianos which have never been equaled in San Fran- £j
*8f£ ~ ift^lflEM D^%TEZT«»^J3riBfflr fTTIFffi cisco before. In order to appreciate these values the public must realize that our pres- «
VW- eeHI *^fiiwlr*ni*^^ m&&. cnt move is the largest which the music business of the Pacific Coast has ever seen. There fj
'^ ¦'//w/\ mfflvA \j$7~ li $%B re no rcservat » ons ' everj' piano in our stock will be offered at prices which necessity has rf
• !feJ iH^\Wn\ I/Wk hI/ izk^MfW — forced us to make. It is the opportunity to get a reliable piano at the price of a cheap V
' l^^-^^r^f i^l^\MSI'h . one - if ever the opportunity were offered the public. It is only necessary for one to call in %
gSm WrY^~^*{ "^ order to realize what we arc offering, but it will be necessary to act quickly. A few days t
only remain. Our stock is absolutely complete, from the low priced upright at $QS to the |
0^^-" — """ Kreat Knabc. Easy terms as always. Uprights $6 down and $6 per month. Second hand t
$5 dcnvn and $3 pcr month if y° u desire. N I
01^^ Second =H«nril Pi»nn« aeolians
__^- — -^ffllA • 4JVCUllll 1 idilLI 1 lCtllUd* I" most cas^s we have taken half th? tj
' II jvi r»» ¦ . . ; " price off. We have a good sLSjertment of a
**"l2\ fSfiawV lNeW r*iariOS , e have such a quantity of. second-hand instruments that we can only these splendid instruments and plenty of ( t
H& ilVrittf In „ ,,,„„ ?»,. give a few values. These instruments must be seen to be appre- People to t*U you about them and play U
M FJJ^kI orire. n If new nfanos S Iate £- , We . *» not hesitate to say that San Francisco people have never be- l(Un P'« «*lectlocs. A
/\ Prices on new pianos, fore had opportunities like these: »5(X) MAHOGANY cr OAK AEOUANS- |
WU/^PIS "vJrioSkeJ a" ama'z- W30 REGENT-Very little used and a 3 good as new; made of mahogany and £j£ ls rol!s of deluded. Sal. 3
£LLv U one - It is not nee- nut and beautifull carved; in line condition. The sale price Is «32o wlw li K56 '
«|t ""?' to dwell upon the merits The eame instrument as above in mahogany $:$ir> $550 WALNUT AEoLlAN-Forty-nve rolls £!
« I f tll<? "no* *•» handle; they J-wo KOHL.bR & CHASL-In a very handsome oak case, with all the latest of music included. The sale prUe Is..
Y/fflllvVL. are t0 ° known to need It. mechanical features. Sale price is S'*7"» 8300
*^fl I m In . the Ilst , t)e! ? w are '"eluded J450 FISCHElt-In a paneled rosewood"case';"a"vVry handsome instrument. ?2'*<"' wAliiCJr'AEOLlAJf—TMrty.foUi of
-* e=^2ll I W a few samr>le instruments and Sale price <«»-wi music included. The sale price is
. iplljy special makes . which are very J350 MARSHALL. & WBNDELL-Very" supe'rior rns{rument|'as"g«iod"ks'new •"»
..o- attractively priced. | n every respect. Sale price Is.. ' * «."«^ J25O WALNTTT AEOLJAX— Thirty rolls of
J^ffi'^SgJfeS^Sisi gSBHSSE muaIC lDCluded * aale prtce * 15 °
?450 e sTROHUEB-^de D Vn e Jl"wo\Jdf J ind S 500 FISCHER— Handsome mahogany case :" used' "only" a' "few ' months. Safe PIANOI AS
all rtvles; bui'.t on beautiful lines and iRrJ^t^n,- \\^ V^^ '^V' • \ V »305 n/*l^V»l*/%O.
handsomely carved. See the window. ? 800 AKT KNABE— The largest upright piano made; the wood is burl wal- This department has received a share of I
The sale price $203 _. ""* xjne s al e Price is.... S6GO attention in the matter of price reduc ;
?25O KNOHR— Sold at this price by all rAU.LAJii OKAIsJD W EBER— The wood is selected rosewood. The case is tions. As you well know, the regular •
dealer*. Made In walnut ani mahogany. elegantly carved.' The sale price Is J34O4) Prie* °* ¦• piancla. is $250. and when you
The cases are very fancy and the keys DECKER BABY GRAND — Made by Decker Bros.; the wood is oak arid the notice the prices given below you win ap_
genuine ivory. The sale price is. . .!*!l."i instrument was made to order. predate the opportunity offered you. \
?275 BACHMAX- A sample; made In ma- BECKSTEIN BABY GRAND— Rosewood case; in good shape Sale price EBONY. PIANOLA— Slightly used »1S5 3
hojfany with all the latest improvements: v ' e=iv*i OAK PIANOLA— Slightly used «1«O I
w^ox l^^A^iS.?^~f ta i£!S KIM r ?ce L i; BABYGRAND - Beautlful J^ « A C n 1OGANT PI^ 0UA^ sli^ I
KX-rSS! k: 8 ale a V?ce^. PC .r.V45 g f^^^^^^^SS^f^^m^S^^^ FOUR NEW PIAN-OLAS-Each^.i^OO
$275 HOFFMAN— Any wood you may the genuine Decker Bros., Knabe. Chickering. Steinway and others. Prices a «.t^
choose and a eood assortment of styles; on these Instruments range frcm J25 up, the usual "easy terms." applying. ORClANS.
the sale :>rie» is ..fltKI . * .
$350 HARMONY— Specially made; the sale A11 KOHI r R - -„.,.„ „!„„- , ., , on ' Ou J" who 'esale as well as retail stock will
price is .....v *26i - #„««•-&£, < CHASE Pianos are reduced $80. be offered at this sale. Thi« enables us
$280 GILBERT- An excellent instrument Most KnllV rtLiSS? *"* U^ £? to ! 7^ tO offer * Tery comprehensive assortment.
In every respect; sale price $18.V Most Knabe planos are ™*" c «* *»5 to $100. All the best makes, such as the Mascn *
- $225 BARMORE— A chance to save $100 T — — — — . * Hamlin, New England, Farrand ct
• and Ret a Dlano of real merit; the sale 1 ODRIV CVCMIlVTrSCT T"UIcr Xl7i-r-iy yc VZ' V*. included - We can offer sec- j
price Is fl25 / ....UPCiN C V niNIINCjO I HIS WEEK.... ©nd-hand Instruments ia rood condition
* a * * fts low as jf 5<»0O
2d'30 07ASXElAjSL ¦ aJllWLJhUfML rO5T^^CAm r 5D.
OAfcyy^jr^r bstab;listied in isso 1 jfexs Zfoj?7£> \
' Mnm J |B H||| -^ u ¦ - ' MmmamammmMmmmmmnuHmmmmmatmmjwam^ / iMayor Harrison of Chicago, several times chosen
cs the chief executive of the Windy City and va
riously mentioned for offices of emolument and dig
nity in the nation, has announced that at the expira
tion of his term he will retire and seek rest. It is al
wayj encouraging that when one of our office-holders
determines to find quiet and peace of mind the rest
of us are sure to find it. This is one of the amenities
of American public life.
The people of Nevada are earning our esteem and
eternal gratitude. The manner in which they are
harvesting our crop of escaped convicts is good^o
the California soul. While we regret exceedingly to
let anything get away from us, even a savage human
brute, it makes us glad to secure the return of. what
we have lost by our painstaking and courageous
neighbors. It is interesting also to observe that in
this strenuous work Nevada has not yet found the
co-operation of the militia an essential to success.
CARNEGIE'S gift of $2,500,000 of 5 per cent
bonds to Dumferline, his native town, for
the purpose of "introducing sweetness and
light into the monotonous lives of the toiling masses"
is altogether the nearest approach to originality in
the way of a public benefit that he has yet accom
plished. It is to be noted that the money is not de
voted to any speciTic form of conferring sweetness
and light, nor to any particular kind of light and
sweetness. Virtually the donation* serves as an en
dowment for an experimental school of public philan
thropy. The trustees of the fund are at liberty to
try whatever methods they deem best and may
change them at any time.
In delivering the fund to # the trustees Mr. Carnegie
exhorted them to not to be afraid of making mis
takes, but to go ahead trying various plans as they
may be suggested from time to time. "The problem
before you," he said, "involves no question but that
of determining what can be done in towns to bene
fit the masses by money in the hands of the most
public-spirited citizens." He went on to say that if
the experimenters could demonstrate that such help
could be given successfully they would "open new
fields for the use of wealth."
Thus Dumferline is to become an experimental
station in philanthropy, and the world will watch
with more than ordinary interest the results of the
early experiments. . It is to be hoped the trustees
are men of original and inventive -minds and will
devise schemes worthy cf the attention that will be
given them. It is a foregone conclusion that the tax
payers will try to get the revenues used in such a
way as to lighten the burdens of taxation to some
extent. The trustees will have to fight against that
proposition. Next there will be the invariable rush
of '"grafters" seeking to get the money directed in
some channel that will benefit them. , Against those
also the experimenters will have to contend. Again,
there will be well-to-do. citizens who will try to have
the money expended in civic luxuries for their
class rather than tor the toiling masses; and, finally,
there will be many of the toilers themselves who
will try to get an Unfair share of the donations. It
is an old saying that it is harder to give money
away wisely than to .earn it, and doubtless the trus
tees when they enter upon their experimenting will
find ample proof of the. truth of fr
DUMFERLINE EXPERIMENTS.
It is reported that Emperor Francis Joseph of
Austria entertains a serious intention of abdicating as
King of Hungary. While the report is probably un
true, one could not censure the aged monarch, or
anybody else who values his life, from getting as far
away as possible, either in person or influence, from
the bloody scenes of the Balkans. The slaughter
of the Turks and of the Macedonian "liberators" fur
nishes good reading if nobody else is hurt.
Were nothing more needed than to bring the fac
tional leaders together the task would be easy to the
astute Marylander, for he is a past master of the art
of handling political machines. It happens, however,
that something more than the machines will be need
ed in the coming campaign. Democracy demoralized
and discredited must be reformed through and
through before it can command the support of the
conservative elements of the people, and without the
support of a considerable percentage of that element
it has no possible chance of electing its candidate.
Gorman must, therefore, form a platform which will
hold together the stalwarts that have followed Bryan
and at the same time win over large numbers of men
of the class that made Cleveland's election possible.
That is the issue before him and this winter he is to
have an opportunity to meet it and solve it if he can.
A moderate man himself, with no decided convic
tions one way or another, Senator Gorman naturally
believes that what Democracy needs most just now
is a mild and conciliatory policy with respect to every
issue in sight. He appears to be especially desirous
of conciliating those large combinations of capital
whose newspaper organs have displayed an open an
tagonism to Roosevelt, and it seems he has already
succeeded to a considerable extent. The -Washing
ton correspondent of the Boston Transcript in dis
cussing Gorman's course says: "It is said that in
many high finance circles he would be regarded as a
'safer man' at the helm than the present President,
whose renomination. is assured. That this would
lead to the actual identification of high finance with
a Democratic candidate is unlikely, but that it would
greatly lessen the usual enthusiasm of business circles
for the Republican ticket .and so check the flow of
contribution in that direction is entirely probable.
The Democrats would have gained something by
SENATOR GORMAN is to have the opportu
nity of his life this winter. Holding a command
ing position among the Democratic members of
Congress it is within the reach of an able manager
of men to so control and direct them as to induce
them to adopt and maintain a definite policy of ac
tion with respect to the legislation of the session.
Should he succeed in formulating a statesmanlike
programme and in bringing his Democratic col
leagues into a cordial support of it, the chances are
that he would go into the national convention with
a prestige above all rivals and so obtain the nomina
tion for the Presidency on a platform that would
give him a reasonable chance of winning.
It is well known that Gorman is a colorless politi
cian. He is not a free trader, he is not a high pro
tectionist. He is not a Cleveland Democrat, neither
is he a Bryan Democrat. He stood with his party in
1896 and in 1900, but he did not affiliate with the
men in control at that time. He holds, therefore, a
middle of the road position between the two fac
tions and if he be adroit enough may succeed in
bringing the following of both sides over to his sup
port.
THE GORMAN CAMPAIGN
Noises of - threatened war upon Russia are hum
ming through the cables from Japan. It would not
be uninteresting to know if the little brown man of
the East takes himself seriously in these demonstra
tions of a militant spirit. A bantam rooster is an
amusing object in his fighting moods, but when one
looks at his spurs and thinks of the bear one i is
tempted to believe that there can be something worse
than the Spanish-American war.
Within a very few months four hunters, mistaken for
deer, ha\c been shot to death by their friends While
this may seem to the compiler of mortality statistics
a most lamentable showing, the rest of us have
takien courage and congratulation to ourselves in the
fact that State laws provide a closed season in which
deer may not be. hunted and human beings may not
be killed as a pastime.
The \videsprea4. demand for reform in public ac
counting, which his become a public issue in the
politics: of liinois, Ohio and other Sates, includes
this, demand that public utility bonds rest entirely
upoh the income of the property for which they are
issued. Indeed, it is not saying too much to say that
everyo-here the old and expensive plan of making
such boz{& or the plants which they purchase in any
respect a burden on the general taxpayer is obsolete,
and dries 'like Oakland and San Francisco surely
will not ipvolTe themselves in a plan that is utterly
discredited by experience.
In Kansas City, Mo., the people are just reaping
the harvest of that mistake. In 1895 that city issued
bonds and took the water works. In the first year
of their operation by the municipality the income
an d<> salaries and wages were the same as for the
previous year under private ownership, the income
being $397,627 end the salaries and wages $78^298.
At o a crecer.t meeting of the Improvement Associa
tion Judge Brcmback submitted the subsequent sta
tistics which show that, in the six years since, the
inccaTie has increased only 13 per cent while salaries
and wages have increased 93 per cent, and that the
plant is out of repair, extensions are required and
there are no earnings to make them, and more bonds
must be issued to bring the supply up to the de
mand.
The figures also show that there has been no de
crease in rates to the householder. To offset this,
however, Mr. Reed submitted figures to prove that,
while the householder has had no reduction and is
paying the same rate that was exacted by the private
water company, the large corporations, like the
stockyards and packing companies, get their water
at one-fourth the rate paid by the householderl
Whatever comfort there is in that is the only solace
of the householder. The conclusion of the meeting
was that "city water management stands forth before
the voters and taxpayers as a horrible example,
warning them not to allow themselves to be misled
into further municipal ownership experiments"; and
the -rity water plant is referred to by the press of the
city as "the water works elephant"
While the rate remains the same to the house
holder, his property is taxed to make good to the
general fund the drain of the bonds and the excesses
of city administration of the plant.
Kansas City has a population of 163,752. Oakland
has 80,000. It is a good time for Oakland to begin
right and stay right and know what she is doing.
-jr' t E have endeavored to present the argument
.VA/jn favor of starting right in the issue oi
¦ V municipal bonds ior the purchase of public
uu..i.ci. Wherever that argument has been pre
icn^ed-'it'is admitted to be unanswerable. If it be
possible to secure a business administration under
public ownership it must be by making every public
plant support :ts cost by paying the principal and
interest of its boad issue and the cost of administra
tion, beMerraect, repair and enlargement. Then the
i<eopfe ran see every year a balance sheet that shows
them precisely where they stand. This is impossible
when sinking fnr.d and interest, or other items, arc
charged 'pi to tie general iand, or when bonds have
to be issued, as hi* been done in Xcw York, for en
largement and betterment, and made a burden on the
general iund. •
iUBLiO UTILITY BONDS.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
PERSONAL MENTION.
"Why, what's the matter, Bridget?"
"Your husband says, ma'am, my cook
ing reminds him too much of youra."—
Life.
Mrs. McCall— Well, how Is your new
cook? "Is she good about desserts?
Mrs. Hiram Off en— Oh, yes, indeed;
she'll eat any sort I make.— Philadelphia
Press.
Stella— Cholly hasn't any originality.
Belle— Not the slightest. Why, I submit
ted his love letters to three publishers,
and they all refused them.— Puck.
The Rev. Father Guerin Is at the Cali
fornia.
The Rev. Wllbert Ferguson of San Diego
is at the Palace.
F, E. Dowd, Assessor of Sonoma Coun
ty, Is at the Lick.
L, P. Fleishman, a merchant of Reno,
is a Mho Grand.
B. M. JacoliV. a banker of Tucson, ia a
guest at the Occidental.
James A. Harder, a State Senator of
Nevada, is at the Palace.
Dr. S. Olln Hardy of New York Is among
the arrivals at the Palace.
John J. McSorley. a mining man of Cal
averas, is at the California.
G. W. Crystal, a well-known fruit grow
er of Vacaville, is at the Grand.
C. L. Jones, a cattleman of Modesto, la
among the arrivals at the Lick.
Dr. S. "Walter Seawell of Healdsburg
and his bride are at the California.
Franklin L. Gunther, one of the leading
furriers of New York, ia at the Palace.
John Harman, former owner of tho
Portland mine at Colorado Springs, is at
the Palace,
Joaquin Reyna Barrios, son of the late
President Barrios of Guatemala, is at the
Occidental. He has been a resident of
Europe for many years and is on a short
visit to this city.
Californians in New York.
NEW YORK, Aug. 26.— The following
Calif ornlana are in New York: Prom San
Francisco— J. T. Battye, at the Grand Un
ion; J. H. Brand, at the St. Denis; W. P.
Buckingham, at tho Grand Union; B. P.
Siegel, at the Grand Union; S. Marowitz,
atthe Cosmopolitan; Miss M. A. Shannon,
at the Imeprlal; H. L. Tyler, at the Cos
mopolitan; J. P. Battye, at the Grand Un
ion; W. F. Herrin, at the Holland; "W.
Huntingdon, at the Grand Hotel; M. Mey
erfeld and Miss L. Meyerfeld, at the Hol
land.
COLOMBIA APPBOVES
REMOVAL OF GENERAL
Battalion Commanded by the Rebel
lious Cobos Will Be Trans
ferred From Panama.
BOGOTA, Colombia, "Wednesday, Aug.
19, via Buena Ventura, Aug. 26.— The Na
tional Government has approved the ac
tion of the Governor of Panama, Dr. Mu
tls, In removing General Vasquez Cobos,
the commander of the national forces at
Panama, after the latter, on July 25,
had surrounded the Governor's palace be
cause the tro'ops were not paid, attempt
ed to arrest the Governor and arrested
several officials who attempted to argue
with the General. The Colombian bat
talion, from which the troops were taken
to surround the Governor's house, will
be transferred to some other part of the
country.
ZIONISTS TO EXAMINE .
EAST AFRICAN SITUATION
Committee Is Appointed to Investi
gate British Proposal for Col
onization There.
BASLE. Switzerland, Aug.' 26.— The- de
bate In the Zionist Congress on the Brit
ish proposal to set apart a portion of
British East Africa for colonization by
the Jews closed to-day. The Congress
by 225 votes to 177 adopted a resolution
to appoint a committee of nine, who
should be sent on an expedition to East
Africa to investigate the situation. The
Russian delegates opposed the project
and left the hall as a protest.
ENSIGN HTJESSNER GETS
FREEDOM AND DISMISSAL
German Naval Of ficer Who Killed Ar
tilleryman for Not Saluting
Is Ordered Retired.
BERLIN, Aug. 26.— The Imperial'Mili
tary Court has quashed the reduced sen
tence of two years and seven days' In
carceration In a fortress imposed on Na
val Ensign Huessner for killing Artillery
man' Hartmann, because the latter did
not salute him properly, and has ordered
him retired. The sentence was four
years' imprisonment and degradation.
An _ Evening- Diversion.
The proper thing now Is to arrange parties
for an evening trip on the new electric cars
to Mill Valley. The fare Is but 40 cents for
the round triD • via Sausall to ferry, and ' the
trip is comfortable and highly enjoyable. •
Italy Selects Her Counsel.
ROME. Aujr. 28.— The Italian Govern*
ment has appointed Senor Auffuato Plo-»
rantln, professor of International law, to
bo counsel for Italy In the Venezuelan
arbitration.
Ttrwnsend's California glace fruits an<S
candles, 50c a pound. In artistic fire
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market St., above Call bids. •
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th©
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042.
«^ ONSULAR Reports for August contains a
| report from Consul Britain of Kehl on Araer
\-*S ican dried fruits in Germany and one from
Consul Ridgely of Nantes. on the opening for dried
fruits in France-, Neither gives a detailed statement
of the situation* but each contains information of
interest to American fruit producers and especially
to those of California-. ; Moreover, despite their brev
ity,, the reports can be read with satisfaction, for they
give promise of the coming of a time when we shall
have a large and profitable market for our fruits in
those countries-.
Of the German market Consul Britain says* "For
this part of Germany, namely, Baden and Alsace
Lorraine, I find the outlook for increased sales most
encouraging-. From the leading importer in the
western part of Germany I learn that California
prunes and 3pricots are rapidly supplanting the pro
ducts or France and Germany* The California fruit
is cheaper and it* flesh is brighter and more solid/'
Consul Ridgely says of the outlook in France:
"There U a growing market in all western and north
western France for American dried fruits (the prunes
of Southern California being most in request) and
the demand is unusually active this year because ot
the almost complete failure of the French crop. * * *
The merchants here are interested in California
prunes, dried apricots and dried apples; they wish
particularly to hear from California firms that will
export those products direct to Nantes, as they do
not care to do business through the middlemen at
Antwerp, Hamburg and Liverpool."
A word of advice is given by Consul Britain with
respect to packing and shipping. He says: "Speak
ing of the packing and drying, my informant tells
me that he has no fault to find except with the man
ner in which the boxes are put together. He says
there would be less breakage if the bo^es were dove
tailed instead of being simply nailed. Regarding
the time in transit, he says he h»3 experienced con
siderable annoyance and some loss of trade in con
sequence of shipments being delayed en route from
California. One shipment was over ten weeks on
the way; the buyers think the goods were held in
New York several weeks."
The suggestions deserve the attention of packers
and shippers. Dovetailed boxes would probably cost
more than those nailed together, but it might be
found profitable to make use of them for shipments
to foreign countries. The delay of goods in transit
3t New York could doubtless be overcome by the
exercise ofijudicious prodding from this end of the
line. In short the European market seems worth
having, and if so then of course it is worth work
incc for. ' ,
OUR FRUITS IN EUROPE.
In the developments of the trial of Whitaker
Wright, which is now progressing in London, it has
been revealed that the losses to shareholders In one
company alone were twenty-five million dollars: The
manipulations . of this audacious and swindling oper
ator illustrate at least one fact If one cannot make
in life a splendid success in playing*with other peo
ple's money;, he can make the world stand aghast at
his gigantie failure-.
©be -i^Hfe*5 C«U,
THURSDAyT.,....,, .,,,,, ¦-••.. AUGUST 2?, 1903
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. _
/<«Srcs* AH Con,rrcnleouor*
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL." The Operator Will Connect
You With th« Department You Wish.
rtBLICATIOX OFFICE. . •*»rlcetand T *lrd.S.£.
EDITORIAL ROOMS S17 to 221 SteT«.<m St.
Delivered by Carriers, 20 Cts. Per Week, 75 Cts.
Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Term, by Mail. Including Postage (Cash With »<Ser):
DAILY CALL (including Sunday). on« r***y '• 2*oo
DAILY CALL (including Sunday). 6 months
DAILY CALL— By Single Month • %•&
81'SDAT CALU On« Year 1 OO
WSEKLY CAU-. O» '», — YSfcMTO
W^Efk «*T»CE < ?£%?£ ££
All Po«tm««t«n are anthoriwa to recclv*
subscription*.
Sample copies will be forwarded w*«J requested
to inure a prompt and correct compliance wHfe their revest.
OAKLAND OFFICE.
JJI9 Broadway Telephone Main 1OSS
BERKELEY OFFICK.
214S Center Street Telephone Tfortfc 7.
C GEORGE KROGXESS. Manager Forelgm Adver
tising. Mar^nette Balldlnic. Chicago.
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 2M9-")
WASHINGTON CORRESPONT>EN*T:
MORTON E. CKAMS... 14OQ G Street, *. W%
XE-W YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B, SMITH 3O Tribune BntldlnR
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT'.
C C, CARLTOA Herald Squaw
NEW YORK NETTS STANDS*
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 31 tTnion Square*
MurrU Hill H<*«U raut-avor.™ Hotel ar.4 Hoffman Houso.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS-":
Sherman House; P. O. New* Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Tremont Bow* Aa4ltort«n Hotel; Palmer Hoot*.
BRANCH OFFICES— h-~ Montgomery, corner cf Clay, open
until 8-30 oclocfc. 300 Hayes, open until 9 :30 o'clock. 653
McAl'Uter open until 8:30 o'clock. 615 Larkin. open untft
8 SO o'clock 1M1 Mission, cpen until 10 o'clock. 2231
Market comer Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1098 Va^
iencla open until 8 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, optn until »
o'clock. N"W'- comer Twenty-second and Kentucky* ope*
until 9 o'clock. 2200 FlUmore. open until 9 p. m>
"To-day a conference will take place at
the University of California relative to
the preparaton of a great educational ex
hibit at St. Louis, illustrative of the pub
lic school system of California^ Among
those who are expected *to attend the
conference are President Wheeler of the
University of California, State Superin
tendent Klrk ( Professor James A. Barr
of Stockton t J; A; Foshay of Los An
geleSi T 4 O-. Crawford of Oakland, C. L.
McLane of Fresno, J; B; Linscott of San
ta Cruz, Superintendent Langdon of San
Francisco, AL L. Daly of San Jose and F.
M; Burke t principal ot the San Fran
cisco Normal School. 7
• State Mineralogist Aubury gives notice
in a circular letter to owners of Califor
nia mines that collectors of samples of
minerals to be exhibited are in the field
and the co-operation of the mine owners
is asked for that a good show may be
Insured. Minerals for exhibition can be
sent to the State Mining Bureau free of
charge by express if the weight is twenty
pounds or under; by freight if the weight
exceeds twenty pounds.
It is supposed that the show of Cali
fornia shrubbery and trees will make 'a
striking appearance at St. Louis for the
reason of its peculiarity and because the
California building will be placed on a
hill where it will be seen all over the
grounds. The shrubbery and trees will
also teli the truth about the climate of
San Francisco to millions of spectators
who will view them while the exposition
lasts:
President Ai B. Spreckels of the Board
of Park Commissioners has notified the
California Commissioners to the St. Louis
Exposition that all the plants that are
needed for the institution of a typical
collection of the characteristic growths
of California to surround the California
building on the exposition grounds at St.
Louis -will be supplied by ' Golden Gate
Park. Mr. Spreckels writes that the
Park board has decided to grant the re
quest that was made for such specimens
from Golden Gate Park and that Super
intendent McLaren has been instructed
to give all assistance neeessary to the St;
Louis Commissioners.
As a result of this definition of a Cali
fornia resident student a great many stu
dents have been obliged to pay the feo
this. year, although they had not done so
previously. Many have paid under pro
test, and their cases will be acted upon
at the next meeting of the board of trus
tees. Their action will be awaited with]
considerable interest by th© students.
In case any Injustice arises from this rulin«
the proper remedy is to be obtained by present-
Ing his case In the form of a petition to the
board of trustees, which will consider Un»
matter In the case of students wishing to
enter for tha corolnr year, at Its meeting on
August 29. DAVID S. JORDAN,
President.
As a result of this attempt tp evade the
registrar the board of trustees of the uni
versity have denned what students shall
be considered exempt from payment of
the registration fee. President Jordan ha3
posted the following bulletin on the sub
ject:
Th« board of trustees have directed that stu
dents shall be registered from the place from
which, they originally enter the university; that
is a man cannot gain or lose his residence by
entering a school. Only these students should
be regarded as residents of California who
were originally registered from that Stat*.
The following is their resolution covering this
matter: "That all students not having lived in
the State of California for at least one year
before their first registration as students shall
be presumed to be non-residents so long a-»
they may remain connected with the univer
sity as students: that this regulation applies
to old as well as to new students. That tha
treasurer of the university shall collect tha
registration fees before the registration of stu
dents."
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Aug. 28.—
An order has been Issued from the presi
dent's office in regard to tie payment of
registration fees by certain classes of stu
dents, and considerable displeasure is be
ing expressed by those students, who have
been compelled under the new rising to
pay a $10 or $13 registration f«e they have
heretofore escaped paying. Since the
passage of the Stanford constitutional
amendment California residents have been
exempt from the payment of registration
fees. Immediately following the adoption
of the amendment there was a wonderful'
increase in the number of students regia
tering as residents of California.
Special Dispatch to The Call
At the afternoon session of the board
C. L. Ortman, Assessor of Ban Joaquin
County, appeared. He said San Joaquin
had as rich lands as any county in the
State, but the farming lands have de
preciated in value, just as they have de
preciated all over the State. Of late a
considerable area has been planted to
fruit and vines, particularly In the vicin
ity of Lodt.
Alameda County sent a strong delega
tion to oppose a raise, but the session
of the board was uneventful. Assessor
Henry P- Dalton and his chief deputy.
Thomas Robinson, were the only protest
ants called upon. In 1902 the assessed
valuation of Alameda County was I88.S99,
997, while this year's returns show $103,
874.8S1. an increase of Il6.974.8S4 for the
year. This advance Is due to the en
hanced value of real estate and improve
ments principally^ All cities and towns
in the county show a healthful Increase
In assessment, save IJvermore. . There
a loss of little more than $13,000 Is found.
Assessor Dalton said this was due to a
falling off In personal- property returns.
Some mortgages held by Oakland Savings
banks show a falling off of 14 per cent
In assessments, but neither Dalton nor
the board having any means of telling
what mortgages these are, the former
was unable to account for the loss.
The matter was taken under • advise
ment*
Assessor J. F. Campbell, A. E. Clary,
chairman of the Board of Supervisors,
and C* S. Abbott appeared before the
board In the Interest ot Stanislaus
County.
Stanislaus assessment roll for 1903 Is
$11,237,685. an increase of $430,020 over the
valuation of last year.
Assessor Campbell stated that litigation
over water rights had much to do with
retarding the sale and development of
lands In the county.
SACRAMENTO. Aug. 26.-AJameda
County was before the State Board of
Equalization to-day fff show .cause why
the assessed valuation as returned by
the Assessor should not be raised.
The Mayor proposes to be the npminee of the
Union Labor party and to accept the Republican en
dorsement, provided he is permitted to write the Re
publican platform-.
It will be seen, then, that he puts a condition to
his acceptance of Republican support and frees him
self from all obligations for such support
His administration will be a Union Labor adminis
tration and the compensation of Republicans i5 to
be the pleasure of supporting him.
That is no unfair statement of the terms Mayor
Schmitz offers-. It is true he says he is a Republican
in national politics, but his record refutes the state
ment. Thus he say9 in his letter to his "friends in
the Republican convention"* ''If your platform
shall be such that I can conscientiously support it,
I should not refuse a nomination at the hands of a
party to whose declared national principles and
policies I have ever given my strongest adherence-."
That statement comes queerly from a man who in
the last congressional campaign made a journey from
San Francisco to New York to urge the election of
a Democratic candidate for Congress-. Does Mayor
Schmitz really believe he was giving his "strongest
adherence'* to the declared national principles and
policies of the Republican party when he was stump
ing the New York tenderloin for Hearst?
Setting that issue 'aside for the time^ the question
for the Republican party to considej is whether it
can afford to take Mayor Schmitz on his own terms
and ribbon him with a premium at his own estimate
of his merits-. A man must be quite great and in
high favor with gods and men to occupy such a
position as he claims-. The Mayor has proven him
self prudent in some situations during his term* and
of this he makes the most in his letter* b.y presenting
himself as the master of labor and the muzzier of its
tendenc}' to threaten capital*.
This is an appeal for the support of capital by pro*
claiming a power to keep labor in the traces and
restrain it from doing damage,.
Perhaps the Republican party will consider the
need ot such a high sheriff set over the element
which the Mayor says he can control to be greater
than its .need of organic vitality and individuality.
If so it will take the Mayor at his own estimate and
abandon its independent function as a political party.
On the other hand there may be those in the party
who will revolt at the dictation of the conditions
• under which they are to be permitted to vote for the
I Mayor* Some may not revolt at playing second
fiddle, but the Mayor insists that the second fiddler
must use a soaped bow.
of the success of Mr. Livernash, who; by a precisely
similar move, got the Democratic endorsement for
Congress while holding himself entirely free of obli
gations for the favor.
THE letter of Mayor Schmitz to his friends in
the Republican Convention would be more re
markable if.it were original It is the. reflection
THE MAYOR TO REPUBLICANS.
PARK'S VERDURE
FOR THE FAIR
AT ST. LOUIS
EQUALIZERS
HEAR PROTEST
OF ASSESSORS
NON-RESIDENT
STUDENTS PAY
UNDER PROTEST
stilling for one campaign some of the heaviest of
their opponent's artillery, even if it were not actually
ranged on their own side."
<That Gorman intends. to make the best use he can
of his opportunity is already apparent. He has de
clared himself adverse to any factional opposition to
a currency bill, he has 'diminished the cry for free
trade down to a suggestion of tariff reform, he has
declared that trusts are not an issue and has asserted
the importance to Democracy of getting rid of the
old issues of 1 896V that he will do his uttermost to
get his Democratic colleagues in Congress to accept
the policy 'of moderation is certain. His campaign
has been virtually begun and one of the most inter
esting features of tbfe coming session will be the
struggle between him and the radicals of his party.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, .THUKSD AY, AUGUST 27. 1903.
6
THE CAUL'S
GREAT ATLAS OFFER
Will close on N September 24,
1903, and ¦ all holders of Atlas
Coupons, are requested to pre-
sent thtm immediately, as this
great opportunity to secure one
of these splendid Atlases at The
Call's premium rates will be
brought to a close on Septem-
ber 24.
Santa Catalina Island.
Z% Boars From Los Angeles.
Season 1003.
Our Marina Band of 30 Artists.
OUTDOOR PASTIMES, BOATING. BATH*
ma. FISHING. GOLF. ETC.
The Famous Canvas City Is Now Open!
Witt as Entirely New Equipment, la Steuiji
OroTe.
HOTEL a£ETB0P0L2,
' With Modern Appointments. Always Opea.
Reservations Made. Address
BANNING CO., 223 8OUTH BFR1NO 8T^
LOS ANGELES. OR
PEC1CS BCKEAU, 11 MONTGOMERT ST^
SAN FRANCISCO.
PARAISO SPRINGS
aaOITTESET COTTSTTT. CAi.
The leatling Summer Resort of tho
Pacific Coast. Hot Soda and Sulpbufi
Baths, large Swimming Tank, first-*
class table. Send for beautiful illus-*
tratcd booklet and rates to F. W«
Schroeder, Manager, or San Francis*
co Agent, II Montgomery street-
Adams Springs
LAKB COTJNTT. CAL.
»w it. HAS THE CS0W9.
BEST WATER.
SUPERIOR SERVICE.
Curing the month of August th« oelebr*la<3
Merced Concert Band In full uniform will b<t
at th« springs. '
DR. W. R. P RATHER. Prop.
Taiioa Tavern at Lake Tahoa
Is now open for th« reception of ruesta.
Oar patrons of last neason says M Ta-
noe Tavern ia th* eqnal of any ramaia*
resort hotel In tha world."
and that Lake Tahoe has co equal. Visit us
and prove statement for yourselves. Rats*
from $3.50 per day upward. For particulars
or reservation of rooms address Tahoe Tavern,
Taboe City. CaL
YOSBMITE VALLEY
ONLY 13 HOURS FROM SAN FRANCISCO.
OVER OILED ROADS via WAWONA AND
INSPIRATION POINT.
THE ONLY ROUTE TO MARIPOSA BIO
TREES!
THE ONLY ROUTE VIA INSPIRATION
POINT!
For particulars address A. S. MANN, S«3
MARKET ST.. SAN FRANCISCO. .';- ':
VJCHY SPRINGS. v
3 miles from Ckiah. Mendoclno Co. Natural j
electric waters, champag-ne baths. Only pl*o*
la the world of this class. Fishing, hunting, j
Crystal Springs. Accommodations; table Qrst-
class. J. A. REDEMEYER & CO.. Props. ,
Campbeli Hot Springs.]
16 hours' rail to Boca; stags for springs coal
nects 6 p. m. train from city; round trip, in-
cluding stage, il* <K>. good for waaoi ttates.
HO pr week. : I
Seigler Hot Springs.
Natural hot baths, wonderful stomach wat«Vs.
swimming pond, games. liYery-. $9 to $14 |er
week. Booklets at Peck's. 11 Montgomery it.,
or H. H. McGOWAN. Seigler. La*« Co.. Cal.
KLAMATH SPRINGS,
BESW1CK. SISK1YOU C... CAU |
Finest fishing, bunting and fcealtn r**or. oo
the coast. Send for booklet.
EDSON BROS.. FroprUt**
TISQPHy MINERAL
lUQuHai SPRINGS
Located cine miles northeast of R«d BluS oa
the line of the Southern Pacific Railroad.
Th« undersigned begs to Inform th« pubUo
that It has succet-ded to the ownership *n<J
management of these famous springs, and It
Is their puiposd to conduct them In a manner
that will insure such care and comfort to Its
patroiu as will be thoroughly satisfactory- Par-
ticular attention will be given to th« ctilslne
and dirlng-room service. Furthermore. It is
the Intention of the new o-wners to extenstreiy
Improve and beautify the property — whlcH.
added to the marvelous curative properties of
the various springs In cases of Gout, Rheuma-
tism Catarrh of the Bladder. Gravel. Diabetes.
Kidney Troubles of every variety. Urinary trou-
bles. Skin Diseases Dyspepsia, Cystitis and
Blood Diseases of every description will place
the "TUSCAN SPRINGS" in the front rank
of the famous m.'neral springs of the world.
Cases of RHEUMATISM. GOUT AND AL.L
BLOOD DISEASES WILL, BE ACCEPTED
UNDER A GUARANTEE THAT THEY WILL
BE CURED \7ITHIN A SPECIFIED TIME
OR ALL. -EXPENSES INCLUDING RAIL-
WAT FARE. WILL BE REFUNDED.
These wonderful springs can be reached by
the Southern Pacific Company's system of rail-
way: and Its connections throughout the
United States.
Tuscan Mineral Springs Corporation.
An experienced physician resides at the springs.
Btagn transfer service between Red BluS and
Tuscan Springs.
For rates cf far* and routes of travel apply
to any Southerr Faclfic Railroad Agent.
NAPA Napa County,
'SODA SPRINGS,) Cal,
FOR HEALTH AND PLEASURE GO TO
Napa Soda Springs. Situated 1000 feet above
the beautiful Napa Valley. Hot and cold soda
baths. Shetland ponies and burros for children.
Two trains daily. 7:30 a. m. and 4 p. m. Add.
DOLLMANN & JACOBS. Napa Soda Springs.
~ HOTEL
Del Monte
The only rolf links In California with full
18-hole course equipped with Derennial turf
greens. This course Is provided exclusively for
the guests of the hotel.
POLO, AUTOiMOBILING,
GOLF AND SWIMMING
The year round. Rates. S3 60 per day and up.
Special rates by the month on application to
GEORGE W. REYNOLDS. Mgr.
AGUA CALIENTE SPRINGS
OPEN ALL YEAR ROUND. Natural hot
sulphur springs, temperature 115 degrees. No
staging. Fare (1 10. Sure cure for rheuma-
tism, asthma, kidney and Itver troubles. Tub
and hot plunge baths. The largest mineral
water swimming tank In the State. Compe-
tent lady and gentlamen masseurs, swimming
teacher. Special rates from now on. Peck's,
11 Montgomery st. THEODOR RICHARDS,
Apia Caliente, Sonoma Co.
MN A SPRINGS
In September is the best place In California.
The mountains have donned their autumn
colors. Bowling, driving, swimming, fishing,
etc. Health- restoring waters. Ideal service.
$7 round triu from San Francisco.
AETNA SPRINGS COMPANY,
Aetna Spring*. Napa Co., Cal.
HOTEL WILLITS.
First season. New building; up to data
equipment; over a hundred rooms, handsomely
furnished; large dining-room; rooms en suits
with private baths; hot and cold water; elec-
tric lights; first-class plumbing and perfect
sewerage. Redwoods and mountainous country
around with all their pleasures; center of th*
deer hunting and fishing of Mendoclno County.
|2 to $3 50 per day: $10 to $18 per week. Ad-
dress WILLIAM WEIGAND, Maaa<er. yru-
11U. Mendoclno County, Cal.Cohen stated to a reporter that he re
moved the goods from one store to the
other for the purpose of saving rent.
The will of Louis Schonfeld, who kept a
grocery at the corner of Fulton and
Gough streets, was filed for probate yes
terday. 'He 'left 'an estate worth $8000 to
his widow, Katharlna Schonfeld, and ap
pointed her executrix of the will.
and decided to ask Judge de Haven to
place the property in possession of the
United States Marshal.
Leaves His Estate to Widow.
Cannot Serve Two Masters.
feUdge Hunt handed down an opinion
ye:terday in the suit of Rauer'B Law and
Cojectlon Agency against Millionaire W.
B. Bradbury. He held that the agency
ttat not entitled U< judgment for 5500
apanst Bradbury. The suit was for $500
due as commission to J. Wyman for sell
•rig »me realty for Bradbury. The mil
lionare showed that Wyman had received
¦- coomission from the purchaser, and
Judg. Hunt held he could not Berve two
«aasUn at onca
Arthur Cox was arrested yesterday by
Detectives O'Dea and Mulcahy and will
be booked on a charge of grand larceny.
C. V. Murtz was asleep on a chair in the
Headlight, saloon,, on Pacific street, 'on
August 6, when some one stole from his
pockets a gold watch and chain and $20.
The detectives recovered the watch and
Cox was identified as the man who sold it.
Robbed in a Saloon.
Nevada Meyer was granted a divorce
from Dr. Albert G. Meyer, the well known
physician; by Judge Sloss yesterday on
the ground of extreme cruelty. She was
awarded the custody, of their minor child,
$60 a month alimony and $100 counsel fees.
Divorces were granted to Celia Agnes
Eadon from VV. H. Eadon for desertion,
Ellen Mycroft from William Mycroft for
cruelty, Marshall S. Roche from Char
lotte E. Roche for desertion, W. H. Dun
nagan from Lizzie M. Dunnagan for neg
lect, George A. Dynes from Anna B.
Dynes for infidelity, Hortense Darling
from John T. Darling for desertion and
Ida E. Heermance from Charles Heer
mance for.crueay.
Suits for divorce were filed by Annie M.
King against James King for cruelty.
Ray Swain against James S.. Swain for
cruelty. Julia M. Dobson against John M.
Dobson for desertion and Alice Forrest
against W. S. Forrest for neglect.
Judge Kerrigan annulled the marriage
of Mary Louise Bettencourt to Antonio T.
Bettencourt because at the time It was
contracted Mrs. Bettencourt was only 15
years of age. She was the plaintiff in the
suit.
NEVADA MEYER PROVES
HER CHARGE OF CRUELTY
Judge Kerrigan Grants Her Divorce
and $60 a Month Ali
mony.
Robert J. Paterson, as trustee of the
estate of Fred J. Bertolani, filed a com- {
plaint in the United States District j
Court yesterday against John Cnopius
Jr. and Leon de Geus of the firm of j
Cnopius & r>e Geus of Santa Rosa. The
complaint alleges that on February 6 j
of the present year Bertolani, being at j
the time Insolvent, paid to Cnopius &
Dc Geus the sum of $3182, the whole j
amount of his indebtedness to them, and
a fo assigned to them his grocery ,
and contents on Fourth street, Santa !
Rosa, valued at $SO0O. It la alleged that '
the payment and transfer were made by
Ecrtolani for the purpose of preferring
Cnopius & l>e Geus over the other cred- :
Itors and that Cnopius & De.Geus were j
aware that Bertolani was an insolvent. ¦
It Is further alleged that the defendants '
did not pay Bertolani a reasonable con
rtderatJon for the stock and fixtures of
the grocery.
The complaint avers that twenty- J
five creditors have proved claims I
aggregating $1201 against Bertolani \
and that they are unsecured, and !
complainant asks that an order ;
be made commanding the defend- j
ants to hold the property In trust for the ;
plaintiff as trustee of the estate of Ber- :
tolani, bankrupt; that they be required \
to account for the property or its value !
and to deliver the same to the plaintiff.
D. S. District Judge de .»iaven yester- j
day made an order commanding the
United States Marshal to take charge of
the stock of the Ely Stern Company,
bankrupt. In the company's stores at
767 and 840 Market street and 137 '
Stockton street. It appears from the I
papers in the case that the Ely Stern |
Company made an assignment to Reuben j
Cohen, but that he failed to qualify as !
assignee and did not file an inventory
as required by law. It is alleged that
acting &s Euch assignee he disposed of
a large portion of thft property. On
August Is Judge de Haven made an
order restraining Cohen from disposing
of any part of the property or procseds.
Notwithstanding this order Cohen, it is
alleged, paid the claims of certain of the
employes out of the proceeds of sales. It
is • further Bet forth that between mid
night of August 24 and T, o'clock on
the morning of the 25th Cohen removed
all the stock from 840 Market street and
on August 25 the Sheriff took posses
sion of the stock at 767 Market street on
an attachment suit instituted by George
Goettinger. On the tame day the di
rectors of the company held a meeting
The ho!d-un in John Bohner's saJoon,
et 300 Turk street, live minutes before
midnight on Tucsdav night is acknowl
edged by the police to have been one of
the most daring and coolest on record.
JEven at that hour of the night there are,
as a rule, many people passing the cor
ner and electric cars are running both
on Turk and Leavcnworth streets. As
a matter of fact a car stopped on the
corner at the time of the hold-up and
one of the victims, Bruce D. KInnis, re
marked to the footpad who was operat
ing inside the eAdoij, "You had better
hurry up. as a car has stopped outside."
"I know it," coolly retorted the foot
pad, "but I suppose you want & chance to
rap rcy face, and you wont get It."
"Xo, I don't," said Kinnis. "but my
arms 'are retting tired with being held
up so Ions:."
The footpad who remained on guard
outside was apparently nervous, as he
would frequently look into the saloon and
i-ay "Do hurry up, friend," but he was
told' by his friend, who was coolly gath
ering in the coin and Jewelry, not to
worry.
Detectives Wren and Bailey -worked on
case for several hours, but could get
no trace of the two footpads. Each had
his face covered with a large polka dot
handkerchief and the only description the
officers had to work upon was the size
rt the men and the clothes they wore.
The officers are satisfied that the one who
lined Banner and his customers up and
M-arche8 them is an old hand at the busi
ness. Bohncr afktd him not to take all
of his coin, but to leave him Fomethlng
for change, and he cald: "All right; I'll
cave you a few nickels."
The footpads secured from Bohner a
run metal watch and $25; from Kinnis. a
fold watch, chain and charm; from James
j . Simpson, 23 cents; from Charles H.
loander. a gold filled watch; from Charles
\' . Rust. 5 cents, and from Henry
S-hmidt. a %o\fi watch and chain, quartz
lf:kct arid gold match box.
• Coolness and Daring
• . Displayed Surprise
Police.
Fred Bertolani of Santa
Rosa Accused of
Sharp Practice.
BANKRUPTS SAID
TO HAVE ERRED
SALOON ROBBERS
LEAVE N0 CLEW
Lina de Benedetto has sung at St. Pe
tersburg, Ode?sa, Barcelona, at the San
Carjos. Naples, and has also been heard
at Madrid.
Adelina Tromben is known at the lyric
theaters of Russia. Germany, France and
Italy. Her repertoire includes "Lucia,'*'
"Purltani," "Barbiere," "Sonnambula,"
"Don Giovan," "Don Pasquale" and "Dl
norah."
Cloe Marchesini Is said to be a contralto
of remarkable brilliancy, and her Carmen
it is promised will reveal histrionic art of
surprising strength.
The other newcomer, Emanuele Ischi
erdo, comes with credentials recommend
ing his lyric performances in "Aid*,"
"Otello," "Gioconda," "Andrea Chenier,"
"Trovatore" and "Pagllacci."
Tina de Spada's talent is well known
and appreciated here, as is also the very
tuneful and emotional' voice of Giuseppe
Agostini, who will once more essay the
role of Rodolfo in "Boheme" and will sing
ARTISTS OF ABILITY.
THE annual Italian opera season at
the Tlvoli Opera-house is near at
hand, and an array of vocal talent
is hurrying to the coast to open in
San Francisco on Monday night,
August 31. The lyric season will continue
until the Tlvoli management is ready, to
transfer the Italian songsters to the new
opera-house, which will be completed and
ready for occupation about the middle of
September.
Though there are to be numerous new
comers to bid for the favor of a San
Francisco opera-loving people, the organi
zation is to have the support of several
that have already won esteem and ar
tistic recognition here.
Signorina Tina de Spada, Giuseppe Agos
tini and Augusto Dado come back after
; winning laurels in foreign musical com
munities.
An array of new faces and- new voices
is promised in Lina de Benedetto, dra
: matic soprano; Adelina Tromben, "light
i soprano; Cloe Marchesini, contralto;
; Emanuele Ischierdo, dramatic tenor; Al
j fredo Tedeschi, light tenor; Adamo Gre
| gorettl, dramatic barytone; Giuseppe Za
nini, barytone, and Baldo Travaglini,
basso.
The Berlin Geographical Society is
seventy-five years old.
in "La Tosca" and "Favorita" and "Cav
alleria" and "Faust."
CLEVER YOUNG TENOR.
Tedeschi is a young tenor, and it is said
of him that his voice is pure and his act-
Ing is surprisingly good.
Adamo Gregoretti is backed with strong
credentials as a barytone of power and
commanding presence.- Giuseppe Zanlnl
will alternate with Gregoretti, and It is
said of the former that he possesses a
barytone voice of rare quality.
Baldo Travaglini, the basso who sang
I here four years ago with the Lombardl
Opera Company, has been engaged and
will be heard in "Mignon," "Purltani,"
"Ernanl," "Barblere" and "Faust."
The repertoire for the season will con
tain all the familiar operas and the most
successful of the modern lyric works. The
operas to be produced are "Alda," "Trov
ators," "Lucia," "Rigoletto," "Traviata,"
"Gioconda." "Ernani," "Ballo in Masch
era." "Cavalleria," "Pagllacci," "Car
men," "Mignon," "Faust," "Barblere,"
"Otello," "Boheme," "La Tosca" and
Giordano's "Andrea Chenier," and among
the novelties promised are "Zaza," by
Leoncavallo, and Cilea"s "Adrina Lecouv
reur."
HEARS GOOD REPORTS
OF PAST YEAR'S WORK
Convention of Woman's Christian
i Temperance Union Given Satis
factory Account of Labor.
The Woman's Christian Temperance
Union Convention of San Francisco Coun
ty was held yesterday, Mrs. Alice E.
Bradley, county president, in the chair.
The "morning session was chiefly de
voted to hearing reports and short ad
dresses, all showing the advance and
progress of the work of the organization
during the past year.
Mrs. Carter, superintendent of the
Southern California Flower Mission De
partment of the W. C. T. U., .also gave
a most satisfactory, account of the work
of her department.
In the afternoon Mrs. Beaumelle Stur
tevant-Peet, State president of the or
ganization, presided during the election
of officers with results as follows:. Mrs.
Alic E. Bradley, president, re-elected;
Mrs. A. C. Bainbrldge, corresponding sec
retary; Dr. Alida C. Avery, recording
secretary; Mrs. Emma Howard, treas
urer, and Mrs. M. P. Williams vice-presi
dent at large.
Mrs. Anna Barry held a quiz on the
annual leaflet of the organization and
was followed by Mrs. Sturtevant-Peet,
whose address was entiled "In Plumb."
She said it was necessary for society to
be. in ."plumb" individually and nation
ally. Jt-i«'s, ;"-; ;.*.•"¦¦
The Eppinger case was up again be
fore Referee Milton Green yesterday.
Deputy Grain Inspector Gove of the Mer
chants' Exchange was the principal' wit
ness. From him the surprising- Intelli
gence was gleaned that between his first
visit to the Crockett warehouse on. May
19 and a second visit on June 1 a block
Of barley known as lot No. 550 has sud
denly turned into a block of wheat. How
this remarkable transformation had tak
en place the witness did not make fully
clear, but he testified that the change
had taken place.
Both afternoon and morning' sessions
were devoted to trying to locate the title
of the property in the possession of the
bankrupt firm in the Crockett warehouse.
•As usual, the big array of legal talent
was on hand, as well as parties having
Interests in the defunct firm. Attorneys
Chickering and Gregory represented the
American National Bank, Attorneys
Freldenrich, Lilienthal and Alfred Sutro
appeared for the creditors, Henry Ach
for the Eppingers, Max Blum for M. Blum
& Co. and Vice President T. E. Fields
and Attorney Gavin McNab for the Bank
of Monterey.
Afthe morning session Chief Grain In
spector Bunker of the Merchants'' Ex
change was called. He stated that in
May he hail gone up to Crockett and
had inspected or looked at certain parcels
of wheat from a schedule that Mr. Bowles
of the American National Bank had given
him. The wheat in question he had lo
cated in the warehouse, the same being:
pointed out to him by Mr. Demming. He
returned his reports to Mr. Bowles, and
that was the last he saw of them.
Mr. Gove occupied practically the en
tire afternoon session. All the attorneys
present took a hand in questioning' him,
with only a fair showing of results. The
witness had made several trips to Crock
ett, but had always relied when there
entirely upon the word of Mr. Demming
for the number of bags in the different
lots of wheat in the schedule that had
been furnished to him. He had seen the
different lots and had properly designated
them" himself, but he had never counted
any of the bass in them. He took Mr.
Demming's word absolutely.
He made a visit there on May 19, and
one on June I. During the intervening
period the only change noted by him was
the change of the lot 550 of barley into
lot 550 of wheat. On June 4 he went
there again. This time he found some
shortages in some of the different piles.
He could not say how many— perhaps
there were ten or twelve piles that were
short— he was not positive. He did not
count them, but he judged by observa
tion only. He could not . remember the
exact amount of shortages; Mr.. Dem
ming was Dresent at all his visits.
The witness stated that when he made
his first visit there he had a list of the
wheat he was to inspect made out by
Mr. Bunker, and he also carried a letter
with him signed by Mr. Eppinger. which
he presented to Mr. Demming. The list
he referred to embraced about thirty-six
lots.
Regarding the marking of the wheat.
Gove stated that some was marked in
ink and some in blue pencil. Dust would
cover bags so that in a couple of months'
time the marks would become almost in
visible. No chancre was made in mark
ing on the bags between May 19 and June
1, but on June 4 he noticed that a great
deal of re-marking had taken place.
Edwin Freund was called, but threw no
light on the subject. He was only em
ployed In the offlce. He seldom went into
the warehouse and then what he did was
under Demming's instructions. He could
not sav that during the year 1903 there
had been any wheat in the warehouse
belonging to others than the Eppingers.
He had not seen the receipts because
they were made out in San Francisco.
The hearing was adjourned until next
Wednesday at 10 o'clock.
Creditors Trying to Locate
Ownership of Grain
at Crockett.
— — • —
Inspector Gove Testifies
That Barley Changed
Into Wheat.
MORE EPPINGER
METHODS SHOWN
ITALIAN OPERA SEASON TO OPEN
AT TIVOLI WITH FINE COMPANY
Tried Favorites and New Arrivals to Compete in
Realm of Harmony for San Francisco's Plaudits.
High C 5ong Birds to Sing in Lyric Novelties
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY, AUGUST 27, 3903.
7
STARS WHO WILL. SINO AT THE
TIVOLI DURING THE GRAND
OPERA SEASON.
' \ _ . VTTQVUrT'M'Ta
n f" w OA—UU1 A fifc»
m/mm's great JG/t/cuirifftAi,
iiORTICULTUBAL, 0 LIVESTOCK
Eyijf^Q si ti o yv •
¥o^£Ksof^uNNfNe s fjARNEsj Racing !
MibiU (^rried pee £ 0 Visitor*
% to |yOWDEN SACRAMEN f- c t: '
THE CALX'S
GREAT ATLAS* OFFER •
Will close on September 24,
1903, and all holders of Atlas
Coupons are requested to pre-
sent them ii lmediately, as this
great opportunity to secure one
of these splendid Atlases at The
Call's premium rates will be
brought to a close on Septem-
ber 24.
Remember This. Fleaae — Only This and Next
Week of
I J "QUO VASS ISS" and I
"THE BIG LITTLE PRINCESS" I
Our "All-Star" Cast. Including:
KOLB AND DILL.
BARNEY BERNARD.
WINFIELD BLAKE. j
HARRY HERMSEN.
MAUDE AMBER.
ELEANOR JENKIN3.
ETC.. ETC.. ETC.
RESERVED SEATS— Nights. 25c. SOc anfl
73c; Saturday and Sunday Matinees 25c and
50c; Children at Matinees. 10c and 25c.
Monday, September 7— Next Great Doubte-
Blll— "THE CON-QUERORS" and "THE
GLAD HAND."
COLUIMBIASrSSI
This Week — Every Night Except Sunday.
Matinees "Wednesday and Saturday.
HENRY MILLER
MARGARET ANGLIN
In Richard Harding- Davis' Comedy.
THE TAMINGJIF HELEN.
K»t Wttk— Hiniy Miller and M*rg»r»t Aaglia
£££*" CAMILLE
SEAT SALE OPENS TO-DAY.
High-Ci ass Specialties Every Afternoon
and Evening In the Theater.
TONIGHT.
GALA AMATEUR PERFORMANCE
Concluding With
NEW LIVING PICTURES.
TAKE A TRIP "DOWN THE FLUME."
"MYSTIC MIRROR MAZE"
ADMISSION... ¦¦¦¦10c | CHILDREN Be
I^ECTUBES AND CONCHETS.
-*&&££&**- STEINWAY MALL.
S 23 Sutter St.
A/2mH£]f SUNDAY MIGHT
llSt8i*Mp^\'^' at 8:15
9tJ3s§K»jg£ifcVj*5ul':l "The Marconi ot tha
qggffiSSgr&^T" JKyiJ Mind." on
'SSjf^c^lfi^i i*T "How to Be»d Thsnglit. *
VkSeF&yZxTA r\ "With Experiments la
*2tK&?*iit48Lj Thought Readlr.g.
"^^^^ - Tickets. 23c. 60c. 75c
MISCELLANEOUS.
A Miser
must he be who doesn't keep his linen
Immaculate when we charge so little for
I our work, though the work Itself is first-
class In every respect. Write us. Call or
telephone and we'll send for your wash-
ables and deliver them when done. Bear
the name and number in mind—
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
OFFICE 1004 MARKET STSEET,
Near Powell.
PfliflfP DON'T FAIL TO
taiaWW 8ee the beautiful
1 COURT Lounging
/¦flfl room, the EMPIRE
aUU PARLOR, the
r J" PALM ROOM, the
ilTflflU LOUIS XV PAR-
Hj| DIES' WRITING
Hotels ro ° m -
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mallei
on Application.
TKZSM AJTD SAT.T LIXJLT3.
FK RAYF^ & C(\ Shipplac Butchers. 104
JAj. DUIC3 S Wv. Clay. Tti. Mala 12M.
__ _______ „
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD A Y.Z.VV3.
418 Front at. S. F. Phon* Main 1719.
__________ »
E.CBPGBES, tusJSTgrs.r.
j&riSB^sJ MEN AND WOMEN.
«5J_Sg#*EcBZ»^!!$} Cm Big e for nnn*tar*l
J&SfW \m 1 to 1 4sn3£| di«ch»rg»«.infl*i_mation§,
JSnaf O*-rmat*<4 H irritation* or ulceration*
M**M ••» t« «rtmr». of mucous membrane*.
y 1 rrnnk (mbflM. Painleii, »nd not »«tria-
17SlTHtSTmCHEM)CJH.C0. «*at or poi»onoa«.
l«g& 0IKimTl,O._~_| -told bj ->ro«l»U.
0.8.1. _#3i or Mnt in P laln wr *?T«r,
*TO_«ra_. _Brfii bj •zprem. prepaid, for
?C®_ERHS&nB • I0 °- or 3 bottlei 12.75.
¦• -qmgpprv ¦ CJrcoU* MBt ea rt%n««t.
fl CAUTION'
Hh^^IL. As poor butter spoils
good bread, so poor
sauce destroys the flavor
Jrm ' °^* S ooc^ f°°d. Buy the
THE ORIGINAL WORCESTERSHIRE.
Beware of unscrupulous dealers who so far forget their own interests and
the health of their customers as to sell you worthless imitations of
I LEA & PERKINS' SAUCE.
JOHN DUNCAJTS SOKS, Agents, NEW YORK. \
.- - . , „
tion to sleep, parns in the back anA lower limbs, ey^^diSS^
solitude, and a dislike for the society of other girfs, whensne fe a mS
»iy to herself and friends, then the mother should go to her lid promX
vLS^f thC ? ea £ sfc aid to nature » W* EPiSaS
Vegetable Compound. It prepares the young s em for thnomme
change, and is the surest reliance in this hour of tr L -
Case^of a New York Girl of Interest
to Every Mother and Daughter
in the Land.
mm wJ?iS BS ' f n^ HAM \T X *?!* ro« publish this letter, for I want all '
mother* to know how much good your medicine did my youne daughter. Her
iS ™&°;^t °T *i*r° aths &S °' and "MkwJh shA large for her
d T V^? d T ta ° d was wrong with her ; the. doctor did not, either,
da r£i SJ ™^ er S r her heart ; W S? pained her a p** 1 deal : bu * h « <"<* not
y - t ood ' a ? d w ere afraid heart trouble would carry her off. Every
day she kept getting whiter and thinner. She had no appetite, and she sat
around without any ambition, and was always too tired to do anything. All
Bight long she would moan in her sleep, as though in terrible paiL
rf«ir5™ tfT 1 ? 7 discoura e ed ; I was spending money for doctor's bills
n*ht along, but she was recei^ng no help. At that time I was taking Lydia
i* Finkkam s\ egetable Compound, and I read in one of your book*
young girls. I decided to drop the doctor, and give her your medicine.
1 wisa you could see the change in her, and the pink cheeks Lydia E. Pink-
bam S Vegetable Compound has given her. She had taken but half a
Sottie when menstruation started again and her heart trouble went a\ray like
magic. I had her continue the medicine, and now she is fat, rosy, and per-
fectly healthy.' Menstruation is regular and painless, and I owe mv thanks
to you and to your wonderful medicine for her good health."— Mbs. Maegaeet
j^HELA-y, 673 Tenth Avenue, New York City.
1" KPECIAIi AI>^ XE TO TOUXG WOMEN FREE.
!l?rom her vast exj rienco in treating: female ills, extending
orer 2O years, Mrs. Pinkham has gained a knowledge which is of
untold value to every ailing youngrwoman.- Her advice never falls
%o help. If. you need such help write her. Address Lynn, Mass.
A medicine that has restored so many women to health and can
produce proof of the fact must be regarded with respect This is the
record of. Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, which cannot
De eqtiajjaa by any other medicine the world has ever produced.
It Li well to remember these facts when some druggist tries to get
you **> buy something which he says is "just as good." That is impos-
sible, as no other medicine has such a record of cures as Lydia E.
PinkhanVs Vegetable Compound; so do not experiment with untried
tnedicines, but insist upon the one you know is best.
FORFEIT « we eaRDotforthwlth produce th* original lett«r and ii«i-ttire c.t
* IS U t! I > Tti testl:no « lI »J« wMeh will proro its absolute gei.uineno«t.
' c v *? " JLj-dU K. Pinkham M»fl!o!ne Co.. Lynn. T/tixs.
GRANPr% E u3£
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
LAST THREE NIGHTS OF THE SEASON.
LAST THREE NIGHTS OF
:y< s -- SAYMOJTD AW3> OAVEBI.T
And Our Superb Eastern Company in
"IN HARVARD"
Next Saturday STANFORD UNIVERSITY
NIGHT.
PRICES, 25c. SOc, 75c
Commencins
NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT,
POLLABD LILLIPDTM CO.
"BELLE OF* NEW, YORK."
PRICES, 15c, 25c. 50c, 75c.
Saturday and Sunday Matlneea, 15c. 25c. SOc.
KEOUGH aid BALLARD
Presenting "A VAUDEVILLE SURPRISE."
The Fleury Trio; Sam Edwards and
Company and Larkins and Patter-
son. Last times of Koherti and
Billoski; Bosie Rendel; John Le
Clair; Heeley and Meely and Lew
Hawkins.
Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Box Seats
and Opera Chatra. SOc. "
TIV0LI'S5&
TO-NIGHT AND ALL THIS WEEK,
SATURDAY MATINEE.
Take no chance of mleslne the hit of the
Comic Opera Season, -
CAMILLE D'ARVILLB
And the entire Ttvoll Company in De Koven f »
Masterpiece,
THE HIGHV/1//*"V/V\/*1V.
GRAND OPERi ISASOH OPEHS 5EXT WIEK.
Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday
Evenings. *>.
Tuesday, Thursday, Sunday Evenings, Satur-
day Matinee, -
HJd/* E>1 LA/nmER/nOOR
SEATS ARE NOW ON SALE! "-T
POPULAR PRICES— 25c, B0c. 75c.
Telephone Bush 9.
rAblFQRNIAI
8 _ G£ ALL THIS WEEK! 1 BaA
&J Owing to the enormous B 1
success, the •* ¦
7 , NEILL-MQBOSCO CO. 7 ,
I .l«J will continue the great war •**¦*
«5A I Play. C/\
ZZ "SHENANDOAH" ,X
£**} Don't miss the marvelous JlJO
battle scene. It's the talk
of the town. Special mati-
T 1 "" ¦— nees To-Day and Saturday — n
lj— MRS. DANE'S DEFENSH. L
HE.ATRU
i jmP&SU B B U Ulffftfia proprietors."
Market St.. Near Eighth — Phono South 533.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Sumptuous Production of Alexander DumaV
Masterpiece,
"CAMILLE."
EUGENIE THAIS LAWTON AS CAMILLE
HERSCHELL MAYALL as ARMAND DOVAL.
And Brilliant Supporting Company.
DDirCC Evenings 10c to 50c
FKllbb Matinees 10c. 15c. 25c
MONDAY. Augiuit 31.
"THE GBEAT BTTBT."
ALCAZARTHIT
Gen. Mgr.
TO-NIGHtT^^^o-dat.
USUAL MATINEES THURS. AND SAT.
EXTRA MATINEE NEXT SUNDAY
Greatest of Rural Comedie*.
THE DAIRY FARM
IT IS BREAKING ALL RECORDS!
•'It Is delightful, and every one able to secure
seats Is fortunate." — The News Letter.
TOUR OPENS SAN DIEGO. SEPT. . 7.
Erg , 25c to 75c; All Three Mats., 15c to 50c
NEXT MONDAY— Special Season of
- — PLOBENCE BOBEBTS
in "the unwelcome mrs. hatch."
s£ats now selling.
BASEBALL!
PACIFIC COAST LEAGUE.
RECREATION PARK.
EIGHTH AND HARRISON
CHAMPIONSHIP GAMES.
THURSDAY AND FRIDAY. 3:30 P. M.; SAT-
URDAY. 3:00 P. M.
SUNDAY 2:30 P. M.
OAKLAND vs. SAN FRANCISCO.
LADIES' DAYS" THURSDAY AND FRIDAY.
Advance Sale, 5 Stockton St.
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS
LYRIC HALL "'^SUSf&m.
Charles Frohman Presents
...EVERYMAN...
th* XV. Century .Morality Play.
Evenings — Commencing Wrd., Sept. 2. at 8:30.
Afternoons — Thursday and Saturday at 3.
Re«er»»w -?«......... .|2. $1 50 and *1
At Sherman, v.. * Co.'s. Now on sale.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
¦-¦•- /¦It makes a mother, mighty ; mad when
she meets a childless 'woman' out driving
with a dog Bitting in the: buggy be«ide
her, "':-._. .
MADRID, Aus. 26.— The Marquis of
Villasenda will represent ! Spain before
The Hague tribunal In the matter of the
foreign claims on Venezuela, -
Will Represent Spain.
2:11 class, pacing, purse $1000 — Frank Yoa
kum won two straight heats In 2:0©% 2*00>4
King Direct, Onota. Diabllto. Bob,' Ebony
King. Jessie S and Claymos also started
2:10 class, trotting, purse $2000— McKlnley
won the second and third heats ln-2'l'Mi
2:13 Jim Ferry won the first heat in '2~13
Nell Gwynne, "Wentworth. The Roman Palni
Leaf. Wilque and A J D also started. '
READVILLE, Mass., Aug. 26.— With the
track so * muddy next to the pole that
racing had to be done in the dean out
side of the course, the second day's pro
gramme of the grand circuit meeting at
Readville was decided to-day before a
large crowd. Summary:
The Norfolk, 2:24 class, pacing, purse $5000—
Elastic Pointer won the flrat. third and fourth
heats in 2:12Vi. 2:13%. 2:13U. v-Pan Michael
won the second heat in 2:lHi. Trilby Direct
Page Hal and Mary Anna also started
2:12 class, trotting, purse $1600— Bell© kuzer
won the second and third : heats In 2:13%
2:13%. Promise won the first heat in 2*13'
Van Zandt. LIU Bars. Anna Held, Dainty
Daffo. Dick Berry. Roblsola, Silver Glow and
Tudor Chimes also started
Second Day's Programme of Grand
Circuit Meeting at Readville
Sees Heavy Going.
ELASTIC POINTER WINS
NORFOLK PACING STAKE
Free-for-all class, trotting, $500— Gr. g. Ro
zelle. br. s. Tom Smith, br. g. Forrest W b.
h. George W. McKinney, b. h. Liege.
F. E. MULHOLLAND.
Three-year-oldB, trot, $600— B. g. D E
Knight, , b. f . Ollie C. ch. f ; Queen Mab, b. s.
Owknex. b. f. Little Branch, bl. 8. Amanda,
br. g. Search Me, b. f. Zealous, bl. g. Ragsy,
s. g. Gold Brick, b. f. Freckle Bird, bl. c.
Duplicate.
The Northern California team consists
of Dr. C. H. Walter. A. G. Harvey, Cap
tain J. S. Oyster, H. M. Hoyt, J. W.
Byrne, Dr. J. R. Clark, Douglas Grant,
A. S. Lilley and J. J. Crooks. The rep
resentatives of the Southern California
Golf Association are W. Frederickson, C.
E. Orr. J. A. Jevne, E. B. Tufts, J. E.
Cook, A. H. Braly, W. Butler, J. F. Sar
tori and P. R. Wilson.
as follows:
In the morning the match between
teams representing Xorthern and South
ern California will begin. The trophy at
stake is the Bvrne cup, which was pre
sented in 1901 by J. W. Byrne, who was
then president of the Pacific Coast Golf
Association. In that year it was won by
the southern team. In 1902 there"was no
contest for the trophy. In March of this
year, on the Presidio links, the team rep
resenting Northern California won the
cup. It will become the permanent prop
erty of the club having the largest num
ber of representatives on the winning
team to-morrow, each association having
won it once.
In the afternoon the opening match play
round of the competition for the Del
Monte cup for women began, Miss Edith
Chesebrough being matched against Mrs.
E. T. Perkins, Miss Whittell against Miss
Margaret Hately. Mrs. J. R. Clark against
Mrs. I>a Montagne and Miss Dolbeer
against Mrs. W. G. Miller. The most in
teresting match, that between Miss Chese
brough and Mrs. E. T. Perkins, did not
take place, Mrs. Perkins being unable to
play on account of indisposition. Miss
Margaret Hately played much better than
In the qualifying round, beating Miss
Whittell 4 up and 2 to play. Miss Hate
ly's card showed five fours and nine fives.
At the second hole on the second round
she got into a bunker, the hole costing
her nine strokes. Mrs. J. R. Clark had
to work. to beat Mrs. La Montagne, win
ning 2 up, 1 to play. Miss Dolbeer won
3 up, 2 to play, from Mrs. W. G. Miller.
Mrs. Miller's card showed six fours and
an eaual number of fives, while only one
fiole cost either of the . fair contestants
more than six strokes. Each of the play
ers in this match accomplished the first
round in fortv-two strokes, being all
square on the nine holes. Miss Chese
brough will meet Miss Margaret Hately
to-morrow and Mrs. J. R. Clark la.match
ed against Mlas Dolbeer.
.|-^ EL, MONTE, Aug. 26.— The weath-
er hns been brilliant to-day, a
jj little warm for the golfers but
'1-^ delightful for the gallery. In the
morning Dr. C. H. Walter of the
Linda Vista Golf Club of San Jose and C.
Ejx Orr of the Pasadena Country Club
drove oft from the first tee" in the final
match, over thirty-six holes, for the Del
Monte cup for men. Orr*s ball . wa«
"sliced" and landed In the road, while
Dr. Walter "topped" his ball.
Dr. Walter played a steady game,
scarcely ever getting off the course. He
drove almost as long a ball as his op
ponent and approached well, while his
putting was remarkably accurate. At the
close of the morning's play he was 4 up.
He entered on the last eighteen holes in
the afternodh. with an excellent prospect
of victory'. All he had to do was to halve
fifteen holes with his adversary and he
was safe. He halved the first hole, but
Orr took the next four holes, making the
match all even at the twenty-third hole.
At the thirty-second hole Orr was 2 up.
The thirty-third hole was halved. Walter
won the thirty-fourth hole, his opponent's
score telng 1 up and two to play. The
thirty-fifth hole was halved, making the
score 1 up and 1 to play. At the last hole
Orr holed out from the edge of the green,
winning the hole and match.
The two players were followed by near
ly all the golfers now staying at the Hotel
del Monte, the keen struggle being much
enjoyed.
Robert Johnstone of the San Francisco
Golf Club, Alexander Bell of the San Ra
fael Golf Club and George Smith of the
Oakland Golf Club reached Del Monte
last night. The professionals went round
the eighteen-hclp course this morning,
Bell covering it in 69, Johnstone In 70 and
Smith In 72. These three, with James
Melville, the resident professional at the
Del Monte links, and F. J. Rellly, the
Burlingame Country Club instructor, will
play in the open championship of the Pa
cific Coast Golf Association, which will
take up the whole of Friday and Satur
day. The competition Is over sevpty-two
holes, medal play, eighteen holes being
played in the morning and afternoon of
each day. The present holder of the open
championship is F. J. Reilly.
First race. 2:."0 class trotting, beats three in
f.ve. guaranteed stakes (500:
Deputy, ch. g. by Derby Ash by Priam
< Whitehead) 1 l i
KoFie Woodburn. b. ra. by Esther
Wilkes <J. Carlin) 2 * *>
S«in B. b. £. by Stam B <J. W. Zib
bell) 3 4 3
Dollexa. b. m. by Alexis (J. Groom).... 5 3 4
Gertie H, b. m. by Stone Robin (Mc-
Gregor) 4 5 5-
Lady Zombro, br. m. by Zorabro
(Hodge*) DIs.
Telephone, b. g. by Direct (Frellson)... DIs.
Time. 2:18, 2:15, 2:17.
Second race. Pacific Slooe stakes for 2:20
Ham pac*rs. heats three in five, value J15W
Ben F. b. r. by Bradtmoor. by Stein
way <Chadbourne) 1 1 j
Miss Georsie, br. m. by McKlnney (Ce
cil) 2 2 2 1
Colonel C, b. g. by Glenway (Liggett).. 3 3 i
The Mistress, b. m. by Derby Ash
(Wbitehead) 9 7 3
Monroe S. b. h. by Munroe Chief (H.
Hogaboom) 5 4 g
Jonf-sa Basler, br. s. by Rob Basler
(Walter) 6 5 5
Dot. b. m. by Falrose (Hamner) '....4 « D
George, b. g. by Loeber <J. W. ZIbb<Il).7 8 d'
N. L. B. ch. r. by Diablo (H. Brown). .8 DIs.
Allenfiale, b. g. by Falrose (Hoy) Dla
Hajah b. g. by Charles Derby (H. Good
nil) DIs.
Ira, b. k. by Iris (Miben) Dis
Time. 2:12. 2:11%', 2:11%.
Third race, trotting, 2:15 class, heats three
SUMMARY,
Dr. Hammond, the crack trotting pros
pect, will not be seen at Sacramento. Af
ter his engagement here the Doctor will
tia\el over the Washington and Oregon
circuit, where it is thought he can lower
the colors of Sweet Marie, now carrying
everything before her in that part of the
country.
Of course the $1500 Pacific Slope stakes
for 2:3u class pacers was the feature ev«.-nt
ot the day. Ben F, the Pleasanton hor&e,
capitally driven by Chadbourne. made a
straight heat affair of this, too, wiggling
around the ellipse twice in 2:ll*j. Before
i he first heat Ben brought $20, Rajah $5,
Miss Georgle $3, Jonesa Basler $3 and the
field $3. Miss Georgie was^ the only one
possessing speed enough to give the fav
orite a brush, Cecil tbrice landing the
game mare in the place. The friends of
Captain Goodall expected big things of
Rajah, but the gelding stepped on his
peaigree in the first heat and ran Into the
distance judge's red bunting. Colonel C
stepped three clever heata.
Apparently little interest attached to
the 2:15 trot, for which a field of but five
came down for the word, as the betting
was extremely light. Ole, the luke
warm favorite, took the first two heats
reeled off, and it looked all over but the
shouting. Then McDonald appeared to
have studied out what Hollo needed and a
liberal use of the persuader landed the
three following heats, Ole tiring badly.
Jloilo trotted the third heat in 2:15. In
what early pooling was done Ole sold a
$2J to $5 favorite over the field. After his
win of the third heat the betting condi
tions were just reversed, Iloilo selling
against the other four. The gray mare
Louise Croner went one good heat.
After ZCany and May Ayers had been
driven to beat ":30 the 2:30 class trot was
called. The chestnut gelding Deputy,
handled by C. W. Whitehead, sold a 2 to
1 favorite over the field and won in
ttraight heats. Telephone had\ quite a
following, but was distanced In the fir.n
htat, giving Hurlick no chance to ring
him up after that. Rosy "Woodburn w;'.s
the contender in each of the three licats
trotted, forcing the winner out in 2:15 In
the second.
The old stand at Kenilworth Park did
net creak and groan under the weight of
the load it had to carry as In the days
of old, when every farmer brought his
largest pumpkin to town "by gosh," but
»t*H it was well filled, with the fair sex
predominating. There were carriages and
traps of all descriptions scattered here
and there about the grounds. Around the
pool boxes was a healthy gathering of
speculators, though it must be said they
were a bit dull about unlimbering and the
betting could have been more brisk.
Warm weather and a fast track left
rrothing wanting in that respect.
The suave and much maligned book
maker with his quiet little sixty per cent
book was not there. Instead Tom Hur
lick peddled out $2 pari mutuel tickets
and Oeorge Tuttle in the auction box at
tended to the wants of the bigger bet
tors. A. A. Cohen of Alameda acted as
presiding and starting judge, with R. S.
Brown and Dr. McClay as associates.
Much time was lost between heats and
more was consumed in useless scoring.
For this reason visitors from San Fran
cisco were compelled to leave for home
before the finish of the 2:15 trot. If the
officials would Snforce the rules relating
to punctuality, it would give great satis
faction to all.
TETALUMA. Augr. 26.— It has possibly
remained for Ix>u Dillon, the wonderful
California mare and now Queen of the
Turf, to revivify interest in the harness
horse. The four-day meeting of the Pa
cific Coast Trotting Horse Breeders' As
sociation which commenced at Petaluma
to-day, attracted an attendance that must
assuredly have been gratifying to the
management.
Specml Pi?r>«tch to The Call
In five, purse $1000:
Hollo b. e. by Welcome, by Xut
wood Wilkes (McDonald) 4 4 111
Ole, b. g. by Silas Skinner (J. j
Quinn) 1 12 2 2
Louise Croner, gr." m. by Wild
Boy (W. Brown) 2 3 4 3 3
Verona, b. ra. by Nutwood Wilkes
(Frellson) 3 2 3 4 4
George W. McKlnney, b. h. by
McKlnney (Hodges) 5 6 5 5 5
Best time, 2:15. '¦--¦¦ ".' •,_-":
Tr>e entries for to-morrow's events are
By New York Morning Telegraph.
First race — Foxy Kane, Young
Henry, Syrlin.
Second race — Hermis, Carbuncle,
Rostand.
Third race — Requiter, Champlain,
Flag Officer.
Fourth race— Grey Friar, Molly
Brant, Africander.
Fifth race — Long Shot, Pirouette,
Race King.
Sixth race — Highlander, Past,
Water Tower.
SARATOGA ENTRIES.
First race sir furlongs, celling, three-year
olds and up— Biserta 108. Foxy Kane 109,
Paul Clifford 110, Lady Radner 108, Cardigan
I(i5 Choate 108. Syrlin 115, Star and Garter
W>.' Print ess Tulane 80, Younc Henry 125.
Second race, one mile, handicap for all ages
— Hermls 132. Hurstbourne 120, Corrigan 115,
Lady Potentate 114. Onatas 110. Rostand 10S,
Carbuncle 102, Gold Bell 99, Esherin DS, Lord
Advocate 99.
Third race, five and a half furlongs, maiden
two-vcar-olds — Ballycastle 114. Champlaln 114,
Monadnock 114, Requiter. 114, Dutiful 114.
Montebank 114, Long Spur 114. Monochord 111,
Flag Officer 114, Aurumaster 114.
Fourth race, one and an eighth miles, Sar
anac handicap, three-year-olds — Africander 127,
Short Hose 120, Grey Friar 112, MoMy Brant
100 Girdle 102, Sheriff Bell 104, Eugenia
Burch 100.
Fifth race, five and a half furlones, handi
cap, two-year-olds — Ijong Shot 120, Race Ktng
lit* To San 118. Avenger 118. Sais 115, Tol
San 114. Mordella 114, Long Spur 112, Bath
Beach 112, Plrou°tte 109.
Sixth race, one mile, main track, selling,
three-year-olds and up— Lady Potentate 111,
Highlander 111. Dinksie 9s, Water Tower 106,
Past 101. Dark Planet 96.
Weather clear; track heavy.
SARATOGA SELECTIONS.
SIXTH RACE— Selling; three-year-olds and
upward; one mil*:
Betting. Hor^PTWeiBht. Jockey. St. % Fin.
4U to 1— Bob Hilllard. Jtt» (Fuller). « 1 1 h
3lj to 1— M. Richardson. 101 (McCoy) 4 2 2 :{
5' to 1 — Dinksie. SJS . . . 3 4 3 h
Time, 1 :4:t. Start fair. Won driving. Win
ner. T. D. Sullivan's ch. g. by Madison-Lyth«.
Beverly fto, Choate 10$. Pass Book 88. Alsike
lul, b!«o ran.
THIRD RACE — Adirondack handicap, $0000;
two-year-olds; six lurlong*:
Bettinr- Horsw. Weight, Jockey. St. \ Fin.
'H to 1-Swt Gretchon, 10U (Fllr) H « 1 * 3
:5»i to 1— I^onidaf. 11 J (Rrdfern). « 1 - 1*S
10 to 1— Gold Saint. 112 (Cchrnf) 5 2 J h
Time 1:15 4-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner, J. W. Schorr's br. f. by Flylns Dutch
man-Battle B?ll. Green Crect 107. Topic 10.,
The Bock K*. Montresson 122, Crown 1 rlnce
1"7, Sais lC"!, Graziallo 115. also ran.
FOURTH RACE — Handicap; three-year-olds
and upward; one mil*- and a quarter:
Betting. llor!*\ Weight. J<x-k>»y. St. *4 Fin.
11 to r> — Reservation, 1US (Hick?).. 6 :t 1 %
11 to r>— Faulconbrldse. 102 (Fuller) 3 1 '¦! 4
7 to 1— Lord Badge. 10+ (Redfern). 1 2 •"'• «
Time S:<0 2-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, G. Hendry's b. c. by Cayuga-Arracon.
Surmise 1C«J, Flora fcS, Gold Bell l»5, also ran.
FIFTH RACE — Two-year-olds; five and a
half furlonrs:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. » 4 Fin.
11 to 5 — Jocund, 110 (Burns) 4 B 1 lij
4 to 1 — CollectcrJeFsup, 112(Odom) 1 2 S %
4 to 1 — Monastic, llu (Fuller) ... 7 3 3 3
Time 1 :0 3-5. Start poor. Won driving.
Winner, T. Hitchcock Jr.'s ch. c. by illrthful-
Flower Delli. Bath Beach *1«». Salada 102,
Rain or Shine 110. A. Weiderseha 1<!5, The
Bowery 1(5, Short Cake 107, also ran.
XEW YORK, Auk- 26.— John F. Schorrs
filly Sweet Gretchen, daughter of Flying
Dutchman, won the chief event here to
day over a heavy track. The defeat of
Montresson was ascribed to some extent
to the fact that for at least a hundred
yards after the start Sals, an added
starter, ridden by Creamer, who has re
cently been engaged to ride by E. II.
Thomas, so badly hampered R. T. Wil
son's colt that'he never had a chance and
finished far in the rear. Leonidas, who
made his first appearance since he won
the stallion stake at Morris Park in the
spring, ran a creditable race and was
beaten only in the last few strides by
Sweet Gretchen, ridden by Fuller.
FIHST ItACE— Selling; three-year-olds; six
l^'ttinK' ' Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *-i Fin.
10 to 1— Stroller. 1C«J (Reed) ........ 3 1 14
2 to 1— Sweet Alice, 10.V Ouller). . 1 i 2 4
2 to 1— CaMtlian. 10S (Bums) o J •» n
Time 1:152-5. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner. J. F. Schorrs b. R. by Ornament-
Promensde. Guy Park Wi. Iasb o Linden 99.
Mary Street 9«, Lord Turci> 101, also ran.
SECOND RACE— Handicap steeplechase;
four-year-olJs and upward; about two miles:
Bettinp. I low. WeiRht. Jockey. St. r t Fin.
4 to f> — Tankard, 157 (G. Green*.. 2 1 1 l*i
3,5 to 5 — Sup Lightly. HG (Ray).. 5 S - •;
7 to 1— Silver Twist. 13B (Connlly) 4 8 .< JO
Time. 4:12'«. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. T. Hitchcock Jr.'s br. g. by King Mldas-
Epeigne. Borough 163. Farmers Foe 13.5, also
ran.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Four Fair Competitors
Remam in Match
for Women.
Breeders Meeting Attracts
Big Crowd— Deputy
a Winner.
Montresson Is Hampered by
an Added Starter and
Finishes Far in Rear.
Paces Away From Large
Field in the Pacific
Slope Stakes.
Engages in an Exciting
Struggle With Dr.
Walter.
Wins From Leonidas in
the Last Few
SWEET GRETCHEN
FINISHES FIRST
BEN F THE STAR
AT PETALUMA
GOLFER ORR OF PASADENA VICTORIOUS
IN CONTEST FOR THE DEL MONTE CUP
KINDRED SHOCKS
MISS GOLIGHTLY
GLASSFUL WINS
WITHOUT TRYING
Favorite at Kinloch Park
Is Beaten Near the
Wire.
Dismal Weather at Haw
thorne Dampens
the Sport.
Heavy Track Interferes With
a Faitc;f the Pro
gramme.
Feature Event Only an Ex
ercise Gallop for the
Winner.
SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. «? Fin.
2 to 1— Mlmo, 1C2 (Higglns) 1113
9 to 6— Jake Weber. 100 (Fogg).. 4 4 2 3
10 to 1— Sid Silver. 107 (Sheehan).. 3 .J 34
Time 1:17%. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner P Sheridan's b. c. by Mlleslo-Minona.
ITranlum 105. Stub 97. El Rey 104. Mutiny 107.
Larouge 107. also ran.
FIFTH RACE — Mile and seventy yards;
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fiff.
9 to 5— Macy. 107 (Hlggins) 2 1 11
3 to 2— Mallory. 100 (Austin) 3 2 i 15
2 to 1— W. B. Gates. 100 (Watson). 1 » £
Time l:50i£. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. S. Lazarus' b. h. by Hindoo- Alga. Only
three starters.
FOURTH RACE — Six furlongs; handicap:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
11 to 6 — Kindred. 104 (Sheehan)... 4 3 In
2 to 1— Miss Golightly.104 (Smith) 12 22
4 to 1— Frank Bell. 108 (Shea) 2 1 J 15
Time, 1:16<4. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner E. & L. Bowman's b. h. by Kingston-
Kitty L Optional 103. Santa Ventura 94, also
ran.
THIRD RACE— Mile and twenty yards; sell-
Bet'ttng. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 1— Reducer. 1C6 (Higglns) ... 2. 1 12
15 to 1 — Ky. Cardinal. 100 (Shea). 5 6 22
9 to 2— Baronet. 109 (Smith) 1 3 3 2
Time, 1:49^. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, N. B. Tichenor's b. h. by Register-Soli
taire. Marcos 107. Class Leader 96v Our Lady
107. Feronia St>, Sue's Sister Stt, Varner 99. also
ran.
SECOND RACE — Seven furlongs; selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. * 4 Fin.
5 to 2— Worthlngton. 105 (Sheehan) 12 11
6 to 1— Sting. 05 (Austin) 7 3 23
8 to 1— Tenny Belle. 100 (Shea)... « 7 3 >A
Time, 1 .33%. Start poor. Won easily. Win
ner, Mrs. Goldblatt's gr. m. by St. Jullen-Ida
Glenn. Loca 104. Kittie G 107. Leila Barr 100.
Pay the Fiddler 102, Tlckful 104, Houston 102,
Great Star 100, also ran. Prlma II 108. left
at post.
FIRST RACE — Five and a half furlongs;
purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fla.
7 to 5— MaJ. Carpenter. 103 (Smith) 2 112
6 to 6— Potter, 108 (WatBon) 1 3 2n
5 to 1— Allegretto. 105 (Hlgglns).. 3 2 33
Time, 1 :13. Start good. Won easily. Winner.
A. H. Pendleton A Co.'s ch. c. by Russell-
Lorna. Bandillo 105. also ran.
Miss Golightly was the favorite for the
feature race of the afternoon because of
her liking for a soft track. Kindred, sec
ond choice, cleverly ridden by Sheehan,
however, captured the purse. Miss Go
lightly was thought to. be a sure winner
fifty yards from the wire, but Kindred
came with a grand burst of speed and
just managed to get his neck in front of
the favorite. The weather was- clear, the
track heavy and the attendance large.
Summaries:
,ST. LOUIS, Aug. 26.i-Another excellent
programme was pulled off at Kinloch
Park to-day, although the track was
heavy and scratches had cut several
events down considerably:
Special Dispatch to The Call,
'"Vaccination is now compulsory in
France during the first year of life, and
revaccinatlon during the eleventh and
twenty-first years.
First race — Old Stone, Folies Ber
geres, Ben Adkins. -
Second race— Tom KLngsley, Ten
ny Belle, Dave Sommers. :
Third race — Bride, Potter, Haven
Rub.
Fourth race — Light Opera, Bio
Shannon, Evea G.
Fifth race— King Hose, Kitty Cut*
a Bash, Dolly Gray.
Sixth race — Welsh Girl, Never
such, False.
ILLNLOCH PARK SELECTIONS.
By New Tork Morning Telepraph.
PT LOUIS Aug. 26.— Kinloch Park, entries:
First race, five and a half furlongs, purse—
Milklrlt 100, Follies, Bergeres 106, Ben Adklns
107 Foxy Grandpa 105. Old Eton* 10&.
Second race, seven furlongg. selling—Bud
welser 87. Hllear 99. Pilaster 99 AUyar 106.
dales 102 Aules 108. Tom Kin^sley 1O7.
Countess Clara 97. Little Henry 07, Prince
Herman 98. Ida Peniance 108, Tenny Belle
B2. Dave Sommers 102.
Third race,, five furlongs, purse — Alice Mor
gan 1C0 Bandillo 103, Frank Collins 100. Aria
103 Sa'die Burch 103. Tiomalne -ICftr Haven
Run 11*. Bride 106. Interrogation 106, Potter
108.
' Fourth race, one and an eighth mile*, handi
cap — Evea Q 87. Macy 100. Jordan 115. Rio
Shannon 07, Light Opera 102. Evea G and
R!o Shannon, J. Coffey's entry.
Fifth race, six furlongs, selling — Joe Buck
ley 100. Betmuda 90. Stub 03. Kittle Cut a
Dash 90 Dolly Gray 96, Theory 108. Sweet
Dream 106. Wllhelmlna 98. King Rose 103,
Brown Vail 97. On*' More 104, Brookston "07.
CUFtu* 107. Ladas 110.
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles, selling
— Chlckasha 90. Satin Coat 103, Menace 107.
Exapo S9, Marcos 106. South Breeze 100, Welsh
Girl 103, Neversuch 96. False 98. Rollick II
107. Charles D 106.
Weather clear; track heavy.
KINXOCH TABK-ENTB-EES.
Ettecial Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Aug. 2S.— There wai nothing
to the races at Hawthorne to-day worthy
of note. The fourth event, supposed to
be the star one of the card, proved to
b« nothing but an exercise gallop for
Glassful. The weather was rainy, th»
track fair and the attendance anall.
Summaries:
FIRST RACi: — Purse; five and a half fur-
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. fi Fin.
15 to 1— Win. Wright. 113 (Otis) 3 I 1 *>
•7 to 2— Buccaneer, 113 <S. Bonner) 8 6 2 n
10 to 1— Banwell. 1C8 (H.Phllllps). . 2 7 3 h
» to 1— Salto, 108 (Adklns) 5 3 43
•Buccaneer disqualified for fouling.
Time, 1:C8. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner. J. E. Cushing-s b. n by BoundleBsi-Maybea.
Foresight 113, Copperfield 11U. Instructor 113.
Justice Morel 107. Willie Netrcomb 114, Sol
Smith 108. also ran.
SECOND RACK— Purse: »ix furlongs:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. \ Fin
5 to 2— Delagoa. 107 (Helgeaen). . . 3 3 1 \V»
8 to 5— Sylv. Talbot, 10O (H.Phllps) 2 12 1
4 to 1 — Aucke. 10U (Wilson) a 4 A »
Time. 1:14. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. S. W. Street & Co.'« b. f. by Kiagstoo-
Rhodesia. Nellie Waddell 107. Lurallghter 10O.
Evening Star 107. Emma A M 102. Belle of
Mllford 107. Step Onward 102. also ran.
THIRD RACE— Handicap steeplechase; short
letting Horse. Weight. Jockey. 8t «i Fin.
8 to 5— Indian II. 142 <McAulltfe). . 1111
20 to 1— Oliver ilac, 135 (Corbley).. 8 2 2 5
5 to 2— Joe McGee, 130 (Houston).. 5 o o 3
Time. 2:54 2-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, W. O. Cochran's b. g. by Indio-Lu
cerne Slap Da?h 135. Miss Brandon 132. Im
perialist 145, also ran. Paulaker 1«, threw
rider.
FOURTH RACE — Handicap; one mile:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey- St. % Fin.
6 to 6 — Glassful, ltfi (Adktns» 1 ."5 1 2'i
2 to 1— Henry Bert, 103 (Helges-n) 3 2 2 n
60 to 1— Dutch Carter. 02(H.Phllps) 4 15 2
Time 1:111-5. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. P. Dunne's b. g. by Mirthful-Belle HoyU
Meebanus 9S, The Kentuckian l'JS. also ran.
FIFTH RACE — Selling; one mila and aa
eisMh :
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to 5— F!ojd K, 90 (Wilson) • 4 1 1*4
9 to 1— Fad. Light. OU (H. Phillips) 7 7 2 h
5 to 1— C B. Campbell. 106 (Adklns) 2 2 3 2
Time, 1:53. Start poor. Won i» a canter.
Winner. S. C. HUdreth's b. c. by Pcntlco-Ona
etta. Urchin lOti. Kllmorie 93. Zepho 95. Dodle
S 97, Jack Doyle 106, also ran. Larry Wilt 107,
left at post.
SIXTH RACE — Selling; six furlongs:
Betting. Horse, "Weight, Jockey. St. *i Tin.
7 to 2— Hindus. 9» (Adklns) 3 1 1 1^
3 to 4 — Sardine. 104 <Helgesen>. .. 13 2 4
9 to 2— Floral Wrth. 92 (H. Philips* 6 4 3 3
Time. 1 :15 3-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. L. Jones' b. tc. by Volante-Tgnit^.
Quiz II 1()6. Hetzel 10O, Ida V 104. Boundary Ua»
Sea Pirate 1C6. also ran.
HAWTHOENE ENTRIES.
CHICAGO, Aug. 26. — Hawthorne entries:
First race, four- and a half .furlong*.
maidena — Alamod* 105. Sauerkraut 103.' Dur
bar 106. Cropple 105. Miss Mollls 105. TrtbuTt«
105. Alma Dufour 103, Our Chap 105; Frances
ToweJl 105. Over" the Rhine 1C3. Lcgan Qupt»
1C5. Nellie Cromwell 1C5. Nellie Ben 105.
.Domino Whirt 103. Caroburn 105.
1 Second race, six furlonza, selling — Father
¦Wentker 108. Brush By 1C3, Martinmas 10-1.
Rag Tag 103. Dorothy Lee 103. Censor 103,
Mezso 101. Zyra 99. Muresca 98, Stemwlnder
OS. Misa Manners 08. Jackfut S5. •
- Third race, one and an eighth miles. Et-e!.
stor handicap— Judge Himes 119. McOee Tl-\
Serge 104, Linguist 115, Po»«aa*fer Wright
115, Orslna 113, Collonade 111. AIcG»e and
Serge, Corrtgaa's entry.
Fourth race, six furlongs, handicap — Beau)
Ormonde 110, Sillful 110, Toah 103. Lady Kent
100. Bensochurst 97. Sardine 92.
Fifth race, one mile — Sbc Shooter XV2.
Schwalbe 103, Headwater 1O4. Sidney C. Lov»
99, McG«e J*J. Jove 94. Larry Uoore 91.
Sixth race, one and a «lxteenth talles — Ttt9
Ledaean 109. Callant 100. Sharpless 109. Lod9
Star 106, Myth 102, Senator Matta 102.
Weather cloudy; track fast.
HAWTHOBWB SELECTIONS^
t By Chicago Inter Ocean. ._*,,>'
First race — Durber, Alamode, Tri
bune.
Second race — Bag Tag, Father
"Wentker, Muresca.
Third race — Judge Himes, lin
guist, McGee.
f Fourth. race—Skilful, Besonhurst,
Beau Ormonde.
Fifth race— McGee, Six' Shoottx^
Sidney C. Love.
Sixth race — Callant, Lodestar, Th«
Ladaean.
Monroe May Meet Jeffries.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 26.— Manager Me-
Carey received a dispatch to-day from
his representative in New York to the ef
fect that' Jack Monroe had finally been
seen, and was willing- to corns to Los An*
geles and meet Jeffries if satisfactory ar
rangements could be made.. McCar»y at
once sent an' offer he thought would
tempt the Montana miner to get Into th*
ring with the champion.
SPORTS OF THE RUNNING AND TROTTING TURF, THE GOLF LINKS AND THE DIAMOND
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, 1 AUGUST 27, 1903.
Homer Hlllebrand made a most favorable Im
pression on the fans and becaine a favorite be
fore the game was half played. - He fields well
and knocked out two hits out of four trips to
the : bat. It was the general opinion of the
cranks that he would do. ¦ .¦ -• ¦'-'¦, "¦¦ '?' ' 5
Rube Levy was hit on the shoulder in the
second inning by a foul tip and for a moment
he thought his collar bone was broken. It was
a hard crack and Rube had to quit for a few
minutes till the pain ceased. • ,
• In the eighth inning O'Hara drove the ball
to the right field fence. It hit a scantling and
bouncel off. Levy called.it a- foul, though it
looked fair enough for a hit. . It would have
been a home run on a ; larger field.
Murdock atolo the only base of the game.
None of the players seemed. to take any chances
on the bags and the catchers had little to do all
afternoon save chase a few fouls and stop the
shoots of tl»e slabmen. ]; • ¦
Johnson and Hillebrand will probaily work
f or* the, Cripples this; afternoon. Thls^was a
successful. battery in the opposition league and
tha : fans will be curious to see , how , they per
form: against 1 - Uncle's -bunch. It will ; be a
snvaltv to see a > lelt-handed catcher. Hille-
Stolen base— Murdock. Errors— Meany, Dev
ereaux, Herr, Delmas. Two-base hits— Pabst
(2), Franoks, Meany, Gorton, Messerly. Sacri
fice hits— Devereaux, Francks, Messerly. First
base on errors— San Francisco l.^Oakland 2.
First base on called balls— Off Herr, 8; . off
Cooper, 2. Left on ¦* bases— San Francisco 6,
Oakland 10. Struck out— By Herr, 4; by Coop
er, 2. Hit by pitcher— Devereaux. Time ot
game— Two hours. Umpire— Levy. • ri_i
SUMMARY.
San Francisco — ' I Oakland —
AB. R. H. P.A.| AB. R. H. P.A.
Shay, s.. 5 0 14 2 0'Hara.cf 2 10 0 0
Meany.rt 3 0 110 Dvrex, 3b 2 0 0 2 3
lrwin.3b 4 1 11 llHHlebd.lf 5 0 2 2 0
Leahy, c. 4 0 0 5 fflSchrtz,2b 8 0 0 4 5
Pabst, lb 4 2 2 10 1 Murdk t rf 4 2 0 2 0
Krug. cf. 4 0 2 0 qFr'ncks.s 4 1 10 4
Lynch.lf. 3 0 0 2 O.Mesrly.lb 4 1 2 13 1
Delms, 2b 4 0 14 3 Gorton, c 4 1 2 4 1
Herr, p.. 4 0 0 0 4 Cooper, p 5 0 10 2
Totals.35 3 8 27 ll| Totals. 33 6 8 27 16
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Oakland 0 0 0 0 0 0 2 2 2-6
Base hits .110 1 0 0 2 12—8
San Francisco.... 0 0 0 2 .0 0 0 0 1—3
Base hits ..0 10 2.0 0 013—8
Stolen bases— Hay, Wheeler. Cravath, Spies,
Newton,- ¦ Brashear. Errors — Hay, Dillon,
Brashear, Andrews. Dolan (2). Home- run —
Dolan. « Two base hits — Newton. Dillon. * Lum
ley,> Byers. "' Sacrifice hits — Mohler. First
base ,;. on errors — Los AnceleB,". 2; ; Seattle, 2r
Flrst base on called balls — Off Newton, 3; oft
Hughes 4. Struck out— By Newion 4; by
Hughes -2. Left on bases— Los Angeles 2;
Seattle 7. -Double plays — Dolan to Mohler to
Brashear: Toman to Hurlburt. ~ Hit by-pitcher
— J. < Smith <2). Time of i game.— Two . hours.
Umoirc— McDonald.-
SUMMARY
Los '. Angeles . -. . 0 0 5 4 0 0 0 1 x— 10
Base hits ... .00-450002 x— 11
Seattle 10 0 2 12.0 0 0 — 6
, Base hits .... 2 0 0 2 2 3 1 0 1—11
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 26.— Two former
national leaguers, . both of the Brooklyn team,
opposed each other from the pitcher's eminence
In this afternoon's game. Doctor Newton beat
Jay Hughes because he was steadier at crit
ical nointg and because the team behind him
fielded and ran bases better. Both were hit
hard at times. Hughes was unfortunate In
letting the locals get most of theirs in two
innings, resulting in nine runs, while Newton
scattered them all along the route. Dolan got
a clean "home run hit In the sixth, sending
Andrews in ahead of him. Jud Smith was
hit on his right forearm by a pitched ball and
retired. Wheeler going to third, Dillon to sec
ond and Hurlburt to first. Attendance 1500.
Score:
Los Angeles— Seattle—
AB. K. H. P.A. AB. R. H. P.A.
Hoy, cf 6 2 11 0 L/mly.cf 6 2 3 2 0
Wrr,3-2b 3 . 2 2 2 6 M'hrr.2b 4 0 2 4 2
Smith,3b"2 2 0 0 1 Br'h'r.lb 5 0 18 2
D'ln,2-lb 5,1 2 10 . O Smith, rf 4 0 10 0
Cr"v'h,rf-B 0 13 0 Zlnss'r.lf 4O,i 30
Ross, If 4 0,1-1 0 An'ws,3b 4 10 11
Tom'n.ss *'O 0 4 2 Dolan.ss 2 2 12 2
Spies, c : 3 1- 1 3 2 Byers. 0 4 1 2 1 l
N'w'tn.p 4 2 3 I 1 H'gh'a.p 4 0 0 3 4
HTbUb 0 0 0 2.0 — _
• Totals, 30 « 11 24 13
Totals, 35.10 11 27 X r A
- RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
NEWTON 0T7TPITCHES HUGHES.
Stolen bases-«Casey 2. Errors— Hildebrand,
McLaughlin, Eagan, Blake and Anderson. Hits
made oft Butler 8; off Loucks 5; off Fitzger
ald 9;Voff Brown 6. Three-base hits — Graham,
McLaughlin, Van Buren. Blake. Two-base
hits — Hogan. Eagan. Hera. Sacrifice hits —
Blake. Graham. ,„. Van Buren. First base on
errors — Sacramento 1. Portland 2. First base
on balls — Off Fitzgerald 4; off Butler 3; off
Loucks 4. Left '. on • bases — Sacramento 0,
Portland J). Struck out — By Brown 1, by But
ler 2. Hit by Pitcher — Thlelinan. , Double
plays — Hogan to Eagan; Holllngsworth to EU
sey. "Wild pitches — Loucks > (2). Time, two
hours. Umpire — O'ConneJl.
SUMMARY.
SACRAMENTO, Auk. 26. — The game to-day
was another slugging match In which science
was cast to the winds. Butler and Fitzgerald
were both retired in the fourth. Brown went
in for Sacramento and Loucka for Portland.
Both had their troubles, five hits being made off
Brown in his first inning. Steady, continuous
batting on the part of the visitors won them
the game. Score :
Sacramento — Portland —
AB. R. H. P. A. AB. R. H. P. A.
Caaey,2b. ft 13 1 2 Blake.rf. 4 13 3 0
Hildbd.lf 5 12 2 0 V Bren.cf.3 2 12 1
McLhn.rf 4 2 2 4 0 Ndeau.lf. 2 0 10 0
Kagn.ss.. 5 2 2 2 2 Andsn,2b 4 12 12
She'hn,3b 2 2 113 Francs,3b 4 12 4 1
Doyle.cf. 5 0 13 0 Hlgwh.ss 5 0 13 3
Graham.c 3 2 1 2 llElsey.lb. 5 1 2 6 1
Hogan.lb 3 0 19 liHess.c... 5 2 2 4 1
Ftzgrld.pl 0 0 0 1 Butler.p. 1 1 0 0 1
Brown, p. 1 0 0 0 2Loucks,p 2 0 0 1 0
•Townsnd i 0 0 0 OThlmn.lf. 2 2 12 0
Totals 35 10 13 24 12 Totals 37 11 15*26 10
•Townsend batted for Fitzgerald.
iCasey out. hit by batted ball.
RUNS AND HITS BV INNINGS.
Sacramento 1 2 2 2 0 0 3 0 0 — 10
Base hits ..12231220 0—13
Portland *... 3 10 3 4 0 0 Ox— 11
Base hits 4 1 0 4 5 0 1 0 x— 15
PITCHERS ABE EABD HIT.
Herr seemed all right while the game,
was young. Up to the seventh he had the
Cripples blanked and they seemed des
tined to be shut out. But in the seventh,
with men on first and second, Mr. Hille
brand showed he could come through
when the time was ripe and he proceeded
to bang out a hit to right field. Mr.
Neany neglected to Intercept the course
of the rapidly traveling sphere and so
two runs came in, tying up the score.
In ,the next round Mr. Herr filled' the
bases immediately. He first walked Mur
doch. Francks and Messerly sacrificed
and were safe on misplays. "With the
bases full Cooper hit safely and a pair
of the runners made the trip to the plate.
In the ninth round they began to get
after Herr again, and. before it all ended
two more had made the circuit and the
fun was at an end.
The natives had a swell chance to get
back a good many runs and perhaps win
the game outright in the last inning. The
ba*ses were all decorated with a Frisco
player and only one man was gone. Hen
was up and smote the air thrice. So did
Danny Shay. These feats were . the last
performed in the game. The score: *]
Mr. Herr did nicely at Recreation Park
yesterday afternoon till the critical mo
ment was at hand, when he was not
there. Victory seemed due to alight once
more in the camp of the home team and
everything went along nicely until the
eighth was at hand. After that, the win
ning combination was broken up and the
Cripples brought home the honors. Score,
Oakland 6, San Francisco 3.
Standing of the Clubs.
PACIFIC COAST LEAGUE. i
W. I*. Pet. W. t,. Pet.
Ixw Angeles.. 84 46.651 Portland 67 66 .46T>
Ban Franclsco.75 CO .564 Seattle 54 72 .427
Sacramento . .67 64 .514 Oakland 56 85 .30<
Pfiester, Zearfoss and Marshall will not come
into Uncle Henry's fold after all. Zearfoss has
signed for a try-out with Brooklyn and the
other two will go to Plttsburg and endeavor to
make rood with the Champions. The trio will
start East as soon as the transportation ar
rives.
brand U one of the few successful ones who
ever played baseball.
Herr Loses HisBearings in Last Two Innings and Pete's
. Cripples Easily Score Four Runs.
UNCLE HENRY'S TOSSERS COLLASPE
TOWARD FINISH OF THE CONTEST
F. J. REILL.Y, THE CLEVER GOLF PROFESSIONAL. OF THE BURLIN
GAME COUNTRY CLUB AND OPEN CHAMPION OF 'THE COAST,
WHO IS EXPECTED TO BE A CONTENDER AT DEL MONTE.
8
ADVERTISEMENTS. \
©HNeERODS DLeERS
ROOTED iN THE BLOOD. \
After the age of 45 or 50, when the vi$al powers are naturally weaker,
it is noticed that a hurt of any kind heals slowly and often a very insignifi-
cant scratch or bruise .,,-., ,
v._— ~.~* ~'u~a «i~~~ *».. small pimple came on my jaw, but rare me no
becomes a bad ulcer or p aln or inconvenience, and I should have forg-ot-
eore. At this time of ten about it had it not begun to inflame and itch ; it
u#«. *,.-,,+,, ~r*™rA-Uc would bleed a little, then scab over, but would not
llle warty growths, heal. This continued for some time then the Cancer
moles and pimples that beran to eat and spread, until it was as large as a
!,,,„ v*»n «_ tV.,. v^tt k*I* dollar, when I heard of S. S. 8. and determined
nave been on the body lt a fair trlal and lt Js romarka bie what a
almost from birth begin wonderful effect it had from the beginning*; the sore
to^«flo¦m• an/1 fpct.r beran to heal and after taking* a few bottles disap-
lnflame and tester, pear ed entirely. This was two years aro ; there are
and before very long atill no signs of the Cancer, and my general health
are large eating ulcers. coatlnuM * 00 *' Mr «- *• SHIRER, Wyacoada, Mo.
Whenever a sore or ulcer is slow in healing then you may be sure
something is radically wrong with your blood. Some old taint or poison
that has been slumbering there for years, is beginning to assert itself,
and breaks out and becomes a bad ulcer and perhaps the beginning of
Cancer. These old sores are rooted in the blood, and while washes, soaps,
salves, etc., keep the surface clean, they are not healing. , A blood
Sr-i .-I medicine to purify and strengthen the polluted blood
ff^ f€^^ an(^ a tonic to build up the general system is what
A^^V * s P 6 **^- and S. S. S. is just such a remedy. No
KmtJ Km)] poison is so powerful and no germ so deadly
r that this great vegetable blood remedy cannot reach
it, and ulcers of every kind quickly yield to its wonderful curative prop-,
erties. If you have an old sore or ulcer, write us all about it, and medi-
cal advice or any information you may desire will be given by our physi-
doas without charge, THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, GA*
ADVHETISE2CENTS.
! IT'S A WONDER!!
| More Praise for Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt, |
V ' fe^S^Srff ** does the work. That is what makes £;
S E!U#&!r l^ e business for my Electric Belt, g
% J&gj&l When a man has squandered the earn- <o>
g -jgg^^vTfwja^^ ings of years on quacks and. all kind;
Vi Jffi&'%W&^^m33&&L °* ru S s anc * fc ot no rc^ e f» an d then £
dTrpT ""^^'-f8|k JBfiflQHA comes to me and I cure him. he is my <^
<5 jfiBf*. •*'*-¦*¦.''. '¦Sm- r -?'**''wffl) friend, and he wants others to know X
X' mlP* Jlrill^'^^Sgfjr^^fm^n J what he has found out — that my belt £
'r HI WiL BJSyW»qM-3flSpmP f will cure where nothing else will. $
t^^Mj^^^^^^^^ Varicocele and Back Pains. S
S %^^^^^^^^^ffll^B>^ GRASS VALLET. Cal. g
'?- . JHHhSRwmSmSEHV Dr. Mclxughlln — Dear Sir: Tour Belt Is a ,^
V 1* S fflnBSKwS^^ffiH wonder. I have not been tmubled with any £
*i nHiimllillJiimnflliftPFwsi P a ' n in ?he bacV, the varicoceta Is gone ami I .<%
< x ; SBlGWnifltMiS wMB am. In a much healthier condition. I am very £,
ijj BJj^^^Sli|j|)?4i*£wf||8ML»8 ftratPful to you for what you have don» for tn« O
X HJiliEllllffliTflJiri mfifiB In 'k' s *k° rt tlTnP la little more than a month). O
O tS§TT*T^WfffllTtritH anfl a?5Ur<1 ' you- that I am Klarl tr> recommend <-j>
£> EESw.i'T(*sJS»n) ryrft > our treatment. Yours very truly. ' O
£ S^llil2EiSittaill2iM CLARENCE \V. JENKINS. Box 670. 6
1 , A SURE CURE AND A CHEAP ONE, / §
« 'As every man who has been cured by my belt says it is the best and, O
g cheapest, cure he ever found. You spend more in one month doctoring w
8 than it costs you. It is cheap because it. saves you future doctor billi <§
2 Call and test it free, or leUme send you my beautifully Illustrated boolt, g
* sealed, free. , I X
I Dr. M. C. McLaughlin, --J^j&f |
8 Office Hour»— S a. m. to 8 p. ra. ; Sundays, lft. to 1. I OPROMINENT BUSINESS MAN AND CHARMING YOUNG WOMAN WHO
BECAME HIS BRIDE LAST EVENING, THE CEREMONY BEING
1'ERFORMED AT THE NEW HOME OF THE HAPPY COUPLE.
OAKLAND. Aug. 26.— Daniel Kock, a
farmer of Nlles, Iowa, died to-day at the
Hotel Clerrln from pneumonia. The de
ceased came to the coast '.o attend the
encampment of the G. A. R., of which he
was a member, an<f he was taken sick
durine the week.
ALAMEDA, Aug. 26.— City Justice R. B.
Tappan rendered a decision to-day up
holding the validity of the local license
ordinance, which empowers the City Trus
tees to exact a peddler's ' license from
those operating wagons from which they
allow their customers to select their pur
chases.
License Ordinance Valid.
A man struck a woman at Clay and
Kearny streets yesterday afternoon and
ran, followed by an angry crowd. He was
captured by 'Policemen Peshon and .De
Gulre and taken to the City Prison, where
a charge of battery was booked against
him. He was Peter Hubenthal, a bar
tender, and the woman he struck waa his
wife Annie, who lives at 242 Minna street.
She said that owing to her husband's bru
tality she left him three weeks. ago and
commenced suit, for divorce. Since that
time she has been taking in. washing to
make a living for herself and her three
children. A few daya ago Huberjthal called
at her, house and". nearly .cfcOKed her to
death because. fie uaw, some men's under
clothlrur which she was washing-
Attacked Wife on th6 Street.
OAKLAND, Aug. 26.— Eugene Franklin,
a young ¦ man hardly' 20 years of ace,
plead guilty to a charge of passing bogus
checks and ' was sentenced to eighteen
months at San Quentin to-day by Judge
Ellsworth. Franklin was apprehende-1 by
Mrs. Charlotte Longfellow, wife of H. A.
Lonjffellow, to whom he haa given one of
his worthless pieces of paper. He at first
plead not guilty, but to-day withdrew
his first plea and confessed.
¦ m »
Convicted of Assault.
OAKLAND. Aug. 26.— Luther Davidson,
one of four young men who beat Jacob
Bills into insensibility near his butcher
shop, -on Twenty-third avenue, about
three months ago, was fined 125 for bat
tery, this morning by Judge George £am
uels. In default of the cash he will serve
twelve asd a half days in jail.
Must Go to San Quentin.
OAKLAND, Aug. 26.— Nils A. Llnd
strom instituted divorce proceedings to
day against Addle A. Llndstrom, who he
alleges is a virago and whose tongue
lashing has driven him to extremity. The
complaint sets forth cruelty as the
grounds upon which separation is asked.
Byron W. Alden, postmaster at Emery
ville,' has begun divorce proceedings
against Annie E. Alden, whom he accuses
of habitual intemperance.
Attlla B. Gilligan. of , Hay wards, , has
asked the courts for a divorce from Mar
tin F. GilUgan, who she alleges deserted
her more than a year ago. and she now
believes him to be in Montana. * They
were married in 1S97 and have one child.
to Free Them of Their
Troubles.
Husbands and Wives Seek the Courts
INCOMPATIBILITY CAUSES "
MARITAL TJNHAPPLNESS
ALAMEDA, Aug. 26.— City Clerk James
W. Gilloghy has arranged, for a. confer
ence between, the City Trustees and-rep
resentatives of -the. Southern Pacific
Company relative to the two franchises
sought by the .railroad company. The
meeting will be held in the committee
room of the municipal board next Monday
afternoon at 2 o'clock and will probably
be executive. '
Fix Franchise' Conference.
BERKELEY, Aug. 26.-The seniors
were victorious In the first of. a series of
interclaes baseball games against the
juniors this afternoon on the University
of California campus, the score being 7
to 2. The feature of the .game was the
striking out of Overall twice by Heitmul
ler of the Juniors. The batteries were:
'04, Elston, catcher; Hansen, pitcher; '05,
Hatch, catcher: Heitmuller, pitcher.
Seniors Defeat the Juniors.
BERKELEY. Aug. 26.— William P.
Grant, the house mover, who cut the
Sunset Telephone Company's cable and
stopped the people of Berkeley talking
to their neighbors for three hours, was
fined $20 for committing the offense this
morning by Justice Edgar. Grant re
fused to pay the fine and will appeal his
case.
Befuses to Pay Fine.
BERKELEY, Aug. 26.-tAdam Ward of
Mendocino County was arrested last night
while wandering around South Berkeley
in an intoxicated condition. When
searched at the prison J2000 in gold and
greenbacks was found on his person, the
currency being, hidden beneath his under
shirt. Ward said he was a G. A. R. man
who had come down to meet some old
friends. '.
Prisoner Has Much Money.
BERKELEY. Aug. 2S.— The board of
directors of the Berkeley Young Men's
Christian Association last eight decided
to lease American Hall on Shattuck av
enue and turn it into club rooms. There
will be a. gymnasium, eome baths, and
lounging and lecture roon£. The asso
ciation begins with a membership of 59.
The number is augmented at each meet
ing.
Y. M. C. A- Secures Quarters.
: Kell How did you«come to lose> him? I
thought you had him cinched. Belle-
He hesitated, and you know he who hesi
tates is iost.
The personnel of the Students'- Affairs Com
mittee, which has Just been announced by
President Wheeler, will differ Bllghtly from
that of last year. The new members are Pro
ftssor Chauncey W. Weirs, W. C. Jones and
C. A. Noble, who succeed Professor W. A.
Betchell. M. C. Flaherty and H. K. Schilling.
Profeesor C. I*. Cory I will retain . the chair
manship of the committee.
BERKELEV. Auk. 2«.— Max Thelen, presi
dent of the Associated Students, announces in
the Dally CaUfomlan to-day that the executive
committee of the Associated Students has de
cided to reorganize the glee club and the rules
governing the membership. As now consti
tuted, he says, the club does not represent the
best musical talent of the university and the
deportment of its members is not above re
proach. The executive committee proposes
that the eingera be selected by a competent
committee of musicians, whose recommendation
will be equivalent to giving the candidate
membership tn the club. In the past a can
didate may have 6uceessfully passed the ex
amining committee, but he ran the chance of
being subsequently rejected when he applied
for admission Into" the club, with the result
that the quality of the singing has declined
In artistic value. ¦ The deportment of the mem
bers when on the road will be governed by
the new rule* and a . violation of these will
mean dismissal.
University Events.
OAKLAND, Aug. 26.— The following
marriage licenses were Issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Arthur Dlckson,
36, Los Angeles, and Mrs. Erne Klrsch,
34, San Francisco: ,Pompeo Parlato, 26,
San Jose, and Domenica Zamarelll, 20.
Oakland; John W. Bassford, over 21, and
Mamie J. Case, over 18, both of Oakland;
Oscar F. Peterson, 27, and Viola E. He
guera, 17, both of Oakland; Isaac F.
Chapman, 32, and Bessie Hobart, 25, both
of Oakland.
Marriage Licenses.
The Board of Public Works this after
noon adopted a resolution of protest
against the application of the Southern
Pacific Company to the United States
Board of Harbor Engineers to change the
pierhead and bulkhead' «»nes in the north
arm of the estuary in order that the
company may make Its proposed fill of
the trestles across the estuary at First
and Seventh streets. -
The company purposes to cut the width
of the waterway from 900 feet to 200 feet
by filline on each side of the trestles
for a distance of 350 feet. This move,
the opponents claim, wojild destroy-ap
proximately 3000- feet of available harbor
frontage along each side of the estuary
arm. Besides it is urged that there would
be a serious interference with the proper
hydraulic action 6f the tides upon Lake
Merritt by the reduction of the width of
the- water channel. It is also represented
that the flushing of the main lake sewer
would be seriously disturbed.
These were some of the principal ob
jections raised to-day at the special meet
ing of the Board of Public Works. Mayor
Olney City Attorney McElroy and City
Engineer Turner sat in joint session with
a special committee from the City Coun
cil composed of Councllmen Meese and
Pendleton Councilman Elliott being ab
sent Theodore Gier, president of the
Merchants'*Exchange. and Edson F. Ad
ams James P. Taylor and E. C. Sessions
from the Board of Trade addressed the
meeting.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call
1118 Broadway, Aug. 26.
OAKLy ND. Aug. 26.— The committee in
charge of the social excursion cf the First
Unitarian Church has completed arrange
ments for the outing to be heM next Sat
urday at Sunset Park. The special train
will leave First street and Broadway at
S:30 a. ra. f and will stop for passengers
at East Oakland and Twenty-third ave
oue. Returning, the train will leave Sun
set Park at 5 o'clock.
Unitarian Church Excursion.
The will of the late William D. English,
politician and man of affairs, was med
for probate with the County Clerk to-day.
According to the petition he died a poor
man, and while he lived in comfort his
money went as it came, and a very mod
est amount was left by him as the ac
cumulation of his years of life.
The . entire estate Is left to the widow
in a will drawn up shortly before he died,
dated August 7. Mrs. English Is named
executrix without bonds, and she is em
powered to sell and convey In her discre
tion any or all of the property consti
tuting the estate without order of the
court. The property consists of a home
at Tenth and Ma_dison . streets and some
money qn deposit j in the Crocker-Wool
worth Bank in San Francisco. The total
value of the estate, the petition says, ex
ceeds $5000.
In referring to his children "he says:
"Having every confidence in my wife's
devotion for our children. William D. Jr.,
Samuel M., Munro, Christine." Clara,
Gladys and Lloyd English, I hereby omit
to make any provision for or gift to any
of them."
Garret W. McEnerney appears for Mrs.
English in the settlement of the estate.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, Aug. 26.
Judge Graham decided yesterday that
the verbal agreement made in January,
1S69, between Thomas Moran and Thomas
Mclnerney. constituted a partnership and
that Moran was entitled to a decree of
dissolution and an accounting. He ap
pointed John J. Quinn a referee in the
matter. The opinion was rendered in a
suit brought by Moran against Mclnerney
more than thlrty-flve years ago. The de
cision affects the title to several- lots of
land purchased by Mclnerney with funds
furnished him tfy Moran. with the under
standing that the funds were to be used
for their common benefit.
Graham Decides Old Suit.
Will of Late William D.
English Filed for
Probate.
Board of Public Works
" Opposes Blocking
of Waterway.
OAKLAND. Aug. 26— Rev. Theodore
Bacchus of Addiscn. 111., who has ac
cepted a call to the Trinity Lutheran
Church in East Oakland, will be Installed
•jext Sunday evening. The service will be
conducted by Rev. J. H. Theiss, pastor of
"he Zion Lutheran Church and will be
held at Cameron's Hall, corner of East
Sixteenth street and Thirteenth avenue.
Kev. Mr, Bacchus Will Be Installed.
OAKLAND, Aug. 26.— The examination
as to the sanity of W. H. Dassel, who, la
boring under the delusion that he was
elected Sheriff at the last general elec
tion, bought pistol and cartridges with the
avowed intention of shooting his way to
his rights, has been set for to-morrow.
Three of the Superior Judges have been
subpenaed as witnesses. Dassel appealed
to Judges Ogden and Ellsworth for as
sistance to gain the office and they have
been asked to testify to his mental condi
tion, while the man himself asked to have
Judge Melvin subpenaed as a witness for
him.
Makes Judges Witnesses.
LEAVES ESTATE
TO HIS WIDOW
Arrangement— E. F. Moore, chairman: Al
Rubin, J. C. Conney. L. p. Byington and XV.
Reception— I. Jewell. J. Schroder. H. H.
Cobum \V. J. O'Brien. A. Shannon. A. XV.
White. A. Block. A. H. Joost. J. Rock.
Floor Manager— Maurice J. Sullivan; as
sistant. Mose Vrl. • •
Floor— W B. French. M. E. Morris. O. R.
Griffin, J. E. Shean. XV. A. Taylor and P. T.
Brown. • \ 1> '
An entertainment and social win b«
given in Golden Gate Hall to-night und.**
the auspices of El Capitan Parlor No. 222.
Native Sons of the Golden West. The
musical entertainment will be followed by
dancing. The following are the commit
tees:
To Give Entertainment.
Attack has been made on the flre alarm"
and police telegraph system of this .city,
which is one of the most Important safe
guards for the protection of citizens and
property In the municipal service. Wires
connecting the police patrol boxes with (
the Central police station have been cut'
by miscreants, and this made useless a
number of the call boxes and seriously in
terfered with the policing of the city.
Failure last night of boxes to properly
operate caused an Investigation to be
made to-day by Superintendent Babcock
of the city's electrical department. The
search" for trouble located three cut lines
running from poles at Twenty-eighth and
Twenty-second streets and San Pablo ave
nue. The wires had been severed, and the
cuts showed that the work was not acci
dental, because other wires on the poles
were not disturbed. Only those that ran
directly from the boxes were thus parted,
thereby causing the box to go out of Ber
vice.
Reports were filed to-night with the po
lice concerning the malicious act.
Hitherto the wire-cutting that has been
prevalent since the beginning of the tele
phone company's strike of linemen has
been confined to wires and cables used by
ttite company. Last night's affair Is new
because of the danger. in the cutting out
of communication with" police headquar
ters. So serious Is the matter that special
instructions have been issued to all pa
trolmen to be vigilant In their watch for
the "perpetrators of the mischief. The re
ports have also been given special consid
eration by the police officials with a view
toward Immediate precautionary steps.
Coming on top of the slashing of a large
underground cable at Twelfth and Clay
streets Tuesday night, the episode has
strong bearing on the linemen's strike in
Oakland. The telephone officials feel' that
the cable cutting was done by somebody
familiar with the location of the wires as
well as with the necessary work to make
a good job of the separation.
' By Tuesday night's .offense nearly 1400
telephones were disconnected from the
main station. Repairs to the'severad ca
ble were made by a force of expert elec
tricians from San Francisco.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Aug. 25.
Injured in a Runaway.
OAKLAND. Aug. 26.— E. Bourgurgnon,
a salfsmann forTillmann & Bendel, living
at-:*:i Eighth street, was thrown from
his tuggy at the corner of Fourteenth
street and Broadway this morning and
was rendered unconscious. His horse
took fright some distance out on San
Pablo avenue and ran away, coming to
ward Fourteenth street. When the run
away reachel the junction of San Pablo
avenue and Broadway the buggy collided
with an electric car. wrecking the ve
hicle and throwing Bourgurgr - to the
ground. He was taken to the Receiving
Hospital. He escaped with a number of
painful abrasior.s and a bad shaking up.
Boxes Are Disconnected
From the Central
Station.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Aug. 26.
Judge George Samuels resumed the hear,
ing to-day in the case of Charles E. Ar
nold and his wi.e, Eloise Arnold, who are
charged by Mrs. Mary E. Robinson, pro
prietress of a lodging-house at Broadway
and Twelfth streets, with the theft of dia
monds valued at $1000. What with the flit
ting about in the case of numerous pri
vate detectives, men and women, much
eavesdropping and the story of the recov
ery of Mrs. Robinson's missing gold watch
and chain from a stovepipe hole in the
room formerly occupied by the Arnolds,
there was much basis for the severe
cross-examination by Attorney M. C.
Chapman, the Arnolds' counsel, of the
complaining landlady.
The testimony about the finding of the
Jewelry was admitted provisionally by
Judge Samuels, and he makes it incum
bent upon the prosecution to connect the
taking of the watch and chain with the
Arnolds. "i ,
The watch, according to Mrs. Robinson,
was found by a woman detective, one of
a number employed from a private agency
to uncover the mystery of the missing
diamonds.
Attorney Chapman has advanced a the
ory that the watch was put In the hiding
place by a person interested In making a
showing to Mrs. Robinson. The lawyer
said in court this afternoon that he would
prove that at the time Mrs. Robinson
claims to have lost her gems Mrs. Arnold
was in San Francisco, while her husband
was at his place of business.
The examination will be resumed to
morrow.
Landlady Claims to Have
Uncovered Evidence
of Theft.
"" OAKLAND, Aug. 26.— Dirtgo Company
-So. 67, Uniform Rank Knights of Pythias,
will give a dance next Friday evening, at
Armory Hall, <19 Twelfth street. Danc
iry? will begin at S o'clock and the -grand
march vill be at 8:30. The following com
mittees have the entertainment In charge:
Committee of arrangements, Mortimer H.
Weed, Second Sergeant M. Bock, F. Lar
mer; reception committee— First Sergeant
C. H. Allen, F. DuBrutz, L. Desmone. O.
Gearing, W. D. Russell, Second Sergeant
M. Bock, Second Lieutenant H. Huber,
Ab. Pl2.na.lp; floor directors— Mortimer H.
Weed, Captain Wenk. First Lieutenant R.
Faneuf; floor committee— R. A. Dodson.
J. W. Merchant, Andy Everson. F. A.
intone, Roy Shay, H. M. Howard.
Dirig-o Company to Give Dance,
The funeral was hela at 3 o'clock this
afternoon from St. Mark's Episcopal
Church, and the service was read by the
Rev. -George C. Swan, rector of St.
Mark's. The vested choir sang a num
ber of sacred songs. A large number of
friends of deceased were in attendance
and the pall-bearers were men well
known in the activities of the State, be
ing the following named: Captain W. B.
Seabury, Dr. Thomas Addlson. C. J. Wil
der, A. M. Sutton, Dr. C. R. Krone, C. A.
Reuter, C. M. Grow, A. C. Kalnes, Wai
ter Powell, W. S. Goodfellow, Arthur
Goodfellow, and J. Dalziel Brown. The
interment was in Mountain View Ceme
tery.
The young widow of Charles Reese
Lloyd, the wealthy capitalist, who was
shot by his nen^ew, William Boxall, In
San Bernardlno*la8t January and died on
the steamer Korea while on his way to
Japan in search of health, was the only
relative to mourn at his funeral to-day.
His son, Frederick Lloyd, who was es
tranged from his father and disinherited
in the will because of his interest in Box
all's fate, was not present; neither were
Nesta nor Boxall, Lloyd's
nieces, whose names were dragged into
the scandal that followed the shooting.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call.
2148 Center St., Aug. 26.—
Relatives of the "Late
Capitalist Ignore
Funeral.
MAKES PROTEST
AGAINST CHANGE
OAKLAND, Aug. 26.— The wedding
this evening of Mrs. Mamie John
son Case and John W. Bassford
was a very pretty affair. The
ceremony and reception took place
at the home on Second avenue which Mr.
Bassford recently purchased and fitted up
for his bride. -
The interlor^of Ithe cottage was a mass
Of flowers anilferng, the general color
effect being pink and green. The square
window in. the. tiny drawing-room had
been*' converted 'into a bridal bower and
there the happy couple plighted their
troth. .' . .
The bride was given attay by'her fath
er. Perry Johnson,, and the Rev. E. R.
Dille. pastor of the First Methodist
Church, officiated.
..Tall and striking: in. appearance, the
bride was handsome in her rich gown
of cloth of gold silk. Square medallions
of heavy ciuny lace formed the skirt
panels and the elaborate decorations of
the bodice. A. pink chou of tulle in the
hair and a shower bouquet of pink sweet
peas comDleted the costume.
Miss Elsa Hunt attended the brldfi as
maid of honor and was attired in a beau
tiful gown of dove colored voile, made
over white silk. She carried pink sweet
peas. Will Hammer was the groom's best
man. *
While the guests were awaiting the
bridal party Miss Carolyn Crew sang
"Beauty'* Eyes." Mrs. Robert Alwyn
played the weudine march from Lohen
grin. Later .in the evening- Miss Elsa
Hunt, who has just returned from a
year's study at the Boston Conservatory
of Music sans "Until You Came," by
Metcalf.
Supper was served at small tables, the
bride's table being in pink.
Mr. and Mrs. Bassford have a host of
friends. The bride Is a native of Oak
land. Her father was for years City Mar
shal and is well and favorably known in
this locality.
Mr. Bassfnrd occupies a lucrative posi
tion with . the Crane Company In San
Francisco.
The newly married couple will receive
their friends after September 1 at their
residence, l^JS Second avenue. East Oak
land.
Among the invited guests were:
Mr. and Mrs. F. M. Miller, Mr. and Mrs. W.
J. Robertson. Mr. and Mrs. G. H. Jeffries. Mr.
and Mrs. M. L.. Broadwell, Mr. and Mrs. E. Ol
ney F. J. Henkcnius. J. A. Sirtey. Mrs. F. A.
I.ittieneld Mrs. Georgia Dobbs, Mr. and Mrs. P.
J AValker Mr. and Mrs. Charles Davies. Mrs.
't, XV. dimming. Mrs. E. Coursen. Mrs. J. A.
Lancaster, Mr. and Mrs. Robert Alwyn. Mr.
and Mrs. Bert Favor, Mr. and Mrs. O. B.
Caldwell, Mr. and Mrs. James Ellison. Mr.
and Mrs. Redmon Staats. Mrs. A. L. McKen
dry Palo Alto: Mrs. Charles Cllne. San Jose;
Mrs J A. Moynihan, Sacramento; George Mc-
Menomy I. Case. Perry Johnson. H. P. Dal
ton William Hammer. Beach Dean. Claude
Pugh Mrs Emma Kroll. Ml»s Tilly Ellison.
Mr and Mrs. George Hunt. Ml«s Elsa Hunt.
Miss Carolyn Crew, Mrs. Charles Emaierson.
R. E. Cody. Mrs. Ed Hodgklss. Dr. E. R.
Dille. Mr. and Mrs. F. A. Lewis, F. Lewis.
; Mrs. Eva Ingersoll.
The board unanimously condemned th«
dumping of garbage as a ' men«e« to
health and unsanitary, but they decide!
not to act because of the clash that ex
ists between the City Council and tha
Pacific Incinerating Company over the
valid 1y of the contract for purchase cf
the lecently erected garbage crematory
a*. T^vfrty-sixth and Magnolia streets.
The board decided not to place Itself In
the position of forcing the city to use the
crematory by stopping tne scavengers
from using the dumping place on West
Oakland marsh, at least until the con
troversy had been settled.
George W. Dornin. president of the City
Council, and Councilman B. H. Pendleton
spoke against closing the dumps for that
reason, j Colonel John P. Irish said . he
had fought the dumps for years, but h«
was more opposed to the crematory. W.
F. Gibson and J. H. Creely addressed tb*
board along the same lines. .
OAKLAND, Aug. 26.— Petitions from the
Board of Trade, Merchants' Exchange.
real estate brokers and physicians urging
the closing of the garbage dut&plng
grounds at West Oakland were laid rn
the table to-night at a special meeting of
the Board of Health. * . »
Board of Health Postpones Action
Pending Settlement of Garbage
Crematory Qffestion.
PETITIONS AGAINST DUMPS
ARE LAID ON THE TABLE
LLOYD'S WIDOW
ONLY MOURNER
YOUNG WOMAN WHO WILL
, WED FORMER TEACHER IN
THE FALL.
SAYS WATCH WAS
HIDDEN IN ROOM
her teacher. Professor F. J. Arm
strong, and now comes the romantic
nouncement that the instructor will soon
claim the fair Alamedan as his reward
of merit at the altar where hearts and
hands are joined together. Cute Cupid in
vaded the classroom and, although whis
pering was forbidden, there the sly little
fellow in his own happy way brought
about a mutual understanding between
master and pupil that is to culminate
in a wedding when the autumn leaves
begin to fall.
Miss Tabor is a daughter of the late
Rev. Rodney L. Tabor of the First Pres
byterian Church and Mrs. Harriet S. Ta
bor. She was a member of the class of
June. '03, of the Alameda High School
and is at present taking a course at the
University of California. It was while
she was an attendant at the Honolulu
High School last year that the young lady
met th« man of her choice and the one
who is to take her as his wife. The
wooing and winnine' was done in the
balmy clime of the Hawaiian Islands, but
it was only a few days ago that the
pair confided to their relatives and friends
that they were engaged.
Professor Armstrong is a graduate of
the University of California, being a
member of the class of '09. He has been
up from Honolulu on a visit and intends
to leave on his return to the islands to
morrow.
ALAMEDA. Aug. 26.— While a stu
dent in the Honolulu High School
learning the sciences Miss Hattle
Tabor of this city learned to love
POLICE WIRES
CUT IN TWAIN
Another man whose name could not be
ascertained, he having hurried from the
saloon as soon as the robbers departed,
was relieved of 10 cents, and ¦ the thugs,
taking a bottle of whisky, backed out of
the saloon, covering their frightened vic
tims with their revolvers. -Reaching the
street they hurried away and were soon
lost in the darkness.
The door had hardly closed behind the
desperate robbers when Sere rushed Into
Seventh street and lustily blew his police
whistle. Policeman Harrison responded
in a minuie, but the perpetrators of the
bold crime had made good their escape.
From the description given of the rob
bers it Is certain that they are the same
men that stripped the proprietor and six
customers of the saloon at the corner of
Leavenworth and Turk streets of their
valuables Tuesday night.
Detectives are working vigorously on
the case, but are unable to get even a
clew upon which to base hopes of a pos
sible capture. It is apparent that the
thugs are versed in their calling and leave
no trails behind.
The two daring robbers who successful
ly held up the saloon at Turk and Leav
enworth streets Tuesflay night mad© an
other successful raid this morning short
ly after 1 o'clock on the 'grocery and bar
of John Sere at 170 Seventh street. The
burglars presented revolvers as they
noiselessly entered the place and after
securing $167. a gold watch and a bottle
of whisky left as suddenly as they en
tered. . ', • .
Both men wore red handkerchiefs over
their faces as masks. They entered the
saloon while the proprietor and three
customers were, playing a game of pool..
Both men held "revolvers. One remained
near the door of the place and kept their
victims covered while the other went •be
hind the bar and opened the cash register.
After emptying the register, the burglar
commanded Sere to throw up his hands.
He did so and was relieved 'of what mon
ey he had on his person, which, together
with what was in the register, amounted
to $65.
Then the burglar turned his attention
to G. La Cruse, one of the men in the
place at the time. La Cruse was relieved
of $31 and a valuable gold watch and
chain. J. Hurard, another customer, waa
forced to give up $71 and some jewelry.
Secure Coin and Jewels and Covering
Frightened Men With Bevolv
ers. Back- Into Street
and Escape.
Hold Up Proprietor and Pat
rons of Seventh-Street
Saloon.
A short funeral service for Wayne Mc-
Cloud was held at 7 o'clock this eventng
at the Matthew residence. 2000 Lincoln
street, and the body Trill be cent to-mor
row to Hollister for burial.
"He complained of a strange clutching
feeling in his brain." she said. ' "When
we were coming from the train last night
I noticed that his face was flushed. I
said to him, 'You don't look very happy
for a man about to be married,' and he
replied, 'I'm very tired.' Then ne drew
his pistol from his pocket and said, 'Well,
good-by, Margy.* and shot himself. I
didn't believe he meant to kill himself.
Even when I saw the flash and saw him
fall I didn't believe It.
"While we were coming across the bay
he said a strange thing: 'I know when I
get over there your father won't let ma
marry you.' He thought his life had been
a failure and feared to face my people,
though I told him his fear was only im
aginary. One day on the boat he said,
•If I jump over will you save me?' I said.
•Yes, of course.' and then he seemed, to
forget all about it. I know he was very
much discouraged lately and he would
often walk the floor for hours and cry."
Melville R. Matthew. Miss Matthew'a
brother, corroborated his sister's state
ments regarding McCloud's mental con
dition. Chester Marliave of 2037 Lincoln
street testified that he saw McCloud draw
his pistol and shoot himself and ran to his
assistance.
The inquest into the death of Wayne
McCloud; the young newspaper man who
killed himself with a pistol last night
while in the company of Miss Margaret
L. Matthew, his fiancee, was held this
afternoon at 5 o'clock. The verdict of the
jury was that the unfortunate young man
had come to his death by hi* own hand
while temporarily deranged.
Miss Matthew's testimony was given
through the medium of a deposition pri
vately taken by Coroner Mehrmann, aj
she- was still too shocked to submit to an
examination in public. She said she no
ticed McCloud acting peculiarly several
months ago. While he was nearly al
ways cheerful he sometimes became de
spondent. She thought he was deranged,
but believed he would recover if he had a
long rest and she advised his giving up his
v>rork on the San Francisco Examiner.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call.
2US Center Street, Aug. 26.
jurors, as soon as the formal order of
discharge was given, slowly filed out of
the -courtroom. They were: John Galway,
J. P. Marlin, F. \V. McClain, James
Shields, James Andrew, William Brown,
Herman Driest, Homier Stoven, Frank
Lannar. P. J. Delchanty. R. H. Moskiman
i:nd J. L. McCarthy.
Soon was employed in a Chinese laundry
st High street. Mrs. Young sent washing
There on March 10, and among the cloth
ing was an undervest. in a small pouch of
which were two rings, one with a diamond
end the other a pearl setting. After she
missed the gems the owner went to the
laundry and tried to recover them but
failed. A month later Soon, the prosecu
tion claimed, tried to sell the diamond
ring to B. Ljfsner. a Washington-street
jeweler, for $200, saying: It had belonged
to his wife. Later tire Chinese approached
Detectives Kyte and Quigley. who were in
citizens' dress, and was arrested. At that
time, according to the testimony. Soon
said he had found the ring in the dirt in
front of the laundry. During the trial his
story was that he had recovered the cir
clet from the rear of the washhouse.
Concerning thtir verdict J. L. McCarthy
said: "The testimony from the Chinese,
through an interpreter, was that he did
not intend to sell the rings, but was try
ing to ascertain their value, so as to get
a reward. The testimony of the detectives
as to the ability of the man to talk Eng
1'is-h was contradictory. There was in the
minds cf the Jury a reasonable doubt as
to the intention of the Chinese to steal the
rings. Of course, there was no doubt that
he had. the rings, but the proof was not
adequate that he intended to sell them.
Mr. Walsh's remarks were not warranted.
I suppose he was hot, but I guess he wi}l
get over it."
"Before this Jury is discharged I desire
*.o eay that 1 consider this verdict infa
mous. It Is Just such verdicts as this
that cause the reign of anarchy and
lynching throughout this country."
Thus did Chief Deputy District Attorney
Philip M. Walsh denounce the verdict of
acquittal rendered this afternoon In the
ease cf Lira Soon, a Chinese laundryman,
who was tried on a charge of stealing val
uable jeweled rings from Mrs. X. A.
Young cf Alameda.
The scorching blast, from the official
prosecutor of the county fell upon the
ears of the astonished court and the
: welve jurors, not yet relieved from duty,
like a belt of lightning. Attorney L. 8.
Church. who defended the accused wash
erman, jumped to his feet and said:
"Your Honor, I do not think that Is a
proper statement to make in the presence
Of this jury."
Judge Melvin remained silent and the
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
HIS Broadway, Aug. 26.
Miss Margaret L. Matthew
Reviews Young Man's
Vagaries.
Desperate Robbers Re
peat Crime of Tues
; day Night.
Resents Acquittal of Chinese
Charged With Stealing
Gems.
Wayne McCloud's Story
Told to Coroner's
Jury.
Chief Deputy District'
Attorney P. M. Walsh
Scores Jury.
Komantic Courtship Begun in a Schoolroom in the
Coral Girded Islands of Hawaii Will Result in
Marriage of Miss H. Tabor and F. J.-Armstrong
SAYS VERDICT
IS IN FAMOUS
WOOS AND WINS HIS PROMISED
BRIDE WHILE HER PROFESSOR
MORE VICTIMS
DESPOILED BY
DARING THUGS
FEAR OF FAILURE
TURNS HIS MIND
BENEATH FLOWERS AND FERNS
HAPPY COUPLE PLIGHT TROTH
At Their Intended Home in Oakland, With Friends as
Guests, Mrs. Mamie Johnson Case and John W.
Bassford Are Married by the Rev. E. R. Dille
Tiijs-; sajs itkAjNuisuo ;yAii£i, : TuyiiSDAr, AuwusT 27. iyo3.
9
THE CALL'S
GREAT ATLAS OFFER
Will close on September 24,
1003, and all holders of- Atlas
Coupons are requested to pre-
sent them immediately, as this
great opportunity to secure one
of these splendid Atlases at The
Call's premium rates will be
brought to a' close on Septem-
UEW ADVERTISEMENTS. _
TO CUBE ANY DISEASE
The Cause Must Be Removed, Same
Way With Dandruff.
Kill the germ that causes dandruff,
Ulling hair and balJness. you will have
io more dandruff, and yi^ur hair must
?row luxuriantly. Newbro's Herpiclde
r.ot only contains the dandruff germ
d-stroyer, but it is also a most delight-
fU hair dressing for regular toilet use.
N' other hair preparation is on this
scientific basis of destroying the dand-
ruir perms. It stops all irritation, .keeps ;
th* scalp *?weet, pure and wholesome. <
Kernember that *omethlng claimed to be :
"just as ffood." will not do the work of !
Pennine Herpiclde. Sold by leading j
crufgists. Send 10c in stamps for Bam-
«Ie \o The Uerpicide Co- DetrloL Midi. •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Whoever wants soft
hands, smooth hands; white
hands, or a clear complex-
ion; he and she can 'have
both : that is, if the . skin is
naturally transparent; un-
less occupation prevents.; I
The color you want to
avoid comes probably nei-
ther of nature or work, but
of habit.
Use Pears' Soap,- no
matter how much; but a
little is' enough if. you. use
it often.
Established over zoo y esn.United States Coast and". Geodetic Survey-
Time . and ~ Heights.*, of •, High and Low
Waters at Fort • Point." entrance • to flan
Francisco Bay. Published - by official au
: Vthcrlty-of the : Superintendent." ,' '¦: ;.:¦:¦ -
NOTE— The high ! and low waters . occur at
th«' city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height of
tide is tho same at both places.
Sun, Moon and • Tide/
Branch Hydrographlc Office. U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange.; San .• Francisco, Cal.,
-> August 20. 1003. ¦¦ r . ' -'/> ; '
The rtime ball on- the Ferry: building was
dropped exactly at noon . to-day."- 1. e., at noon
of the 120th meridian, or at 8 p.m. Greenwich
time.' • - • J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant. : U.; S. N.,- in Charge.
Time Ball.
Steamer. From. . . Due.
Che halls San Pedro Aug. 27
Phoenix Mendocino City Aug. 2T
Coronado San Pedro Aug. 27
NorthFork... Humboldt Aug. 27
Peru New York via Panama Aug. 27
Corona Humboldt Aug. 27
Santa Rosa... Fan Diego & Way Pts. Aug. 27 i
Chas. Nelson . San Pedro Aug. 27
Silesia....''.... Seattle Aug. 28 |
Chlco :.. Coquille River Aug. 28 i
Centralia San Pedro Aug. 28
Point Arena.. Mendocino & Pt. Arena Aug. 28
Columbia.".... Portland & Astoria Aug. 28
Luxor Hamburg & Way Pts. Aug. 28
Centennial.... Seattle & Tacoma.... Aug. 25*
Arctic. ....... Humboldt Aug. 29
Edith..: Seattle . Aug. 30
Kedondo San Pedro Aug.' 30
Eureka Humboldt ............ Aug. 30
CltyPuebla.. Puget, Sound Ports Aug. 30 j
Argo...... ..• Eel River Ports. Aug. 30!
Pomona.:...- Humboldt Aug. 30 ;
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. Aug. 31 |
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. Aug. 31 I
S. Monica.... GrayB Harbor Aug. 31 j
Curacao. ..... Mexican Ports ........ Sept. 1
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Sept. 1
Alamcila. .... Honolulu Sept. 1
Gaeltc China & Japan Sept. 1
Nevadan. Honolulu Sept. 2
San Juan New York via Panama Sept. 2
i G W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria Sept. 2
Alliance Portland & Way Ports Sept. 3
Rival.... "Willapa Harbor (Sept. 3
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Pta.| Sept. 3
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports iSept. 4
J. Dollar Seattle & Tacoma |8!pt. «
Sonoma...... Sydney & Way Ports. (Sept. 7
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. , Sails. Pier.
Axusunt 27. !
Chehalls.... Grays Harbor .... 5 pm Pier. 2
Iaqua Humboldt . .. 9 am Pier 2
Arcata. Coos B.&Pt. Orford 10 am Pier- 13
S. Barbara. Seattle & Olympia. 4 pm Pier 2
Coronado... Grays Harbor ..". . 4 pm Pier 10
Eureka..... Humboldt' '. . 9 am Pier 13
State of Cal. San Diego & Way. 9 am PI. r 19
Newburg.*. . Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Sierra...... Sydney & Way Pts 2 pm Pier 7
J. Dollar. . . Seattle & ¦ Tacoma. 10 am Pier 2-
Rainier..'..- Seattle & Whatcom ,4 pm Pier 10
Czarina...- Coos Bay direct Pier 8
C. Nelson.. Humboldt ......... 5 pm Pier 2
August 28. , . - .
Phoenix.... Mendocino City.... 1 pmjPler 13
Its Dollar. . . Portland direct ... 12 mJPler 2
S. Portland Astoria & Portlar.dl 5 pm|Pler ..
G. Lindauer Grays Harbor | 1 pml
Centralia... Grays Harbor ... . 4 pm Pier 10 i
¦ AueiiMt 20.
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena....... 4 pm Pier 2
Corona..... Humboldt ........ 1:30 p Pier 9
Silesia...... Hamburg Way Pts 2 pm Pier 27
San Pedro.. Humboldt ...... .v. 4 rni Pier ¦ 2
Coos Bay... San Pedro Way Pts 9 am Pier 10
Acapulco... N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Queen....'.. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Aueu*t ao.
S. Rosa..... San Diego; & Way. 9 am Pier 19
North Fork Humboldt 5 pm Pier 2
Angnst 31. .
Arctic...... Humboldt ,.. 4 pm Pier 2
Columbia... Astoria &¦ Portland 11 am Pier 24
Chlco.. •••• River..... :5 pm Pier. 2
... .¦ . September 1.
Pomona.... Humboldt :... |l:30 p Pier 9
Argo • Eel River Ports.... 4 pm Pier 2
September 2.' • >
Bonlta..>. •• Newport Way Pts. 9 am Pier 19
Septejnber 3.
Korea ...... Chfna & Japan. . . . . 1 pm Pier 40
City Puebla. Puget Sound Port*. 11 am Pier 9
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am Pier 2
September 4. . , •
Alliance.... Portland Way Pts. 0 pm Pier 16
. - September 5.
Peru....... N.>.Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Alameda... Honolulu ......... 11 am Pier 17
G W. Elder Astoria &' Portland 11 amjPier 21
Rival....... Willapa Harbor. ¦•¦ 4 pmjPler 2
:...; ~- . FROM SEATTLE. : ¦ v ' ¦¦
Steamer. ; For. ; '. ¦¦"¦., | Sails.
Dolphin:..... Skagway & Way Ports.jAug. 27
Cottage City. - Skagway, & Way Ports. Aug. 27
City Topeka:. Skagway & Way Ports. Aug. ;-29
Senator. ...".. Nome direct.'..; ....... Sept. '» 1
Eureka.'.* Nome • direct.. .Sept, 1
Excelsior:.... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts Sept.- 1
Roanoke...... Nome & St. Michael... Sept. . 1
Humboldt....' Skagway & Way Port* Sept. 1
! Ohio....--..-- Nome & St. Michael:. .|Sept. r 2
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way PortsjSept. 2
Al-Kl... ... ."-' Skagway & Way.Pcrts|Sept. , 6
i Dirlgo... V.V.". Skagwa» & Way PortsjSept. \ 5
I Bertha... r....'l Cooks Inlet '&; Way PUISeDt. : 7
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
Californian Arrives.
The steamship CiJifcrnian, which arrived
yesterday from New York, brought a cargo of
hOCO t&ns of general merchandise. She was
33 hours passing thrcug-h the straits cf Magel
lan. Heavy ftiow squalls addfd to the natural
difficulties cf navigatir.g this narrow neck of
witter, but the Calif orci&n got through all
right and dropped her anchor here on schedule
time.
I'hiliji Bof=kpy. the freighter's carpenter, died
July *J ar.d was buried at sea. He »»• 48 years
«.ld"and a native of Russia. The first assistant
enein^-er" wae taken 01 shortly alter leaving
Now York er.<3 was unable to attend to his
duties throughout the passage. He us still very
TheTTalifornian was SS days from New York
and 22 <iayg from CoroneL
Harbor Commission Meets.
The Il2rbor Commissioners met yesterday
and transacted such " routine business as had
accumulated since, the last meetlne. The en
gineer of the bdard submitted specifications
for the repair of ferry slips 1. 4 a.iid C. He
estimates the expense at $14,100, without coat
ing of piles and at J17.C00 with the piles. The
board will advertise for bids on the work. W.
C. Frost, a rodman employed in the engineer's
department, submitted to the board a request
for Increase of his dally wage from ?3 to $3 50.
Two New Overdues.
Two names were added to the overdue list
yesterday and M. A. Newell is now offering
risks on seven vessels for reinsurance. Those
added were t*e German r hip Slrius. out 125
days from London for Chile and quoted at 25
per cent, and the British bark Eivion, out ll'J
days from Swansea for Taltal, at 10 per cent.
The other overdue* are: Aristides. 50 per
cent: Korthbank, 40 per cent; Milton Park and
Helen Brewer, 00 per cent, and Arabia, 15 per
cent.
V»Till Take Many Passengers.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's liner
Fi^rra will sail at 2 o'clock this afternoon for
Honolulu end the Antipodes. The British-
Australian mai! Is rji time and the steamship
srffl Ime Pacif.c -kreet wharf promptly on
•schedule t!n»*>. The Sierra will carry a full
cargo and mere than 170 passensrers. Among
the patscr.cers to Australia will be Miss Ada
Crossley the famous contralto singer. Miss
Orosslcy' is a colonial by birth. She received
her musical education in Europe and has Just
completed a most successful tour of the Old
World. Tie is coins to Australia to give a
f-Tit-s of concerts.
Sea Trip for Defiance.
The Epreckels tug De3ance, which towed the
ship Claverdon to sea yesterday. Is on her
way to Coos Bay. from where she will tow a
barge to this port. .
Lena Sweasey Ashore.
The schooner Lena Sweasey is reported
eshore at Navidad and may become "a total
Ions. The crew landed safely. Th? schooner
was loading legs for this port. The Lena
Hweasey is ownr-d by William O!s<?n of this
<-itj-. She \t a veiw! of 244 tin? net resister.
She was built In 1W»"2 at Euroka.
Seattle is 150 miles nearer China and
Japan than San Francisco.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The British ship Cambuskenneth Is chartered
for lumtwr from Puget Sound to Melbourne or
Adelaide (terms private).
: ; ¦ — f
the bar. The main channel now generally used
Is that formerly known a« the South Channel.
South Channel buoy— A black, flrst-class can.
marked "S. C." In white letters, will be dis-
SoiTth Channel Bhoal buoy— A B. and R.' H.
B., flret-cftics can, will be discontinued.
Outside Bar whistling buoy— Nun-shaped,
surmounted by a whistle, will be moved to the
louthwsrd to a position approximately Tour
and three-quartern miles SSW. Vi W. of Cape
Disappointment Lighthouse. - -
Outer buoys— A B. and W. P. 8., first-class
can, will be moved to mark the entrance to the
pieeent channel, nnd the letters "M. 6. will
no lonrer be shown thereon. . •'¦ ¦
Ear buoy — A B. and W. P. S., flrst-class
nun, will be discontinued. •
ClatEop Epit buoy No. 0 — A first-class nun.
wtil be changed to a black, flrnt-class new style
can and jvM hereafter be known as Peacock
Pplt buoy No. 0. Vefsels should not pass to
the northward of this buoy.
Clatsop Spit buoy No. 4— Will bo chanced to
a new style flm-class nun.
jjott — The new ntyle buoys referred to In the
last two paragraphs are of similar shape to
the eld buoys. They have less diameter but
greater lend* and should be risible at an In
creased distance. In the event of their proving
unsatisfactory they wilt bo replaced by buoys
of the design heretofore rued without notice.
liy order of the Llfhthouso Board:
C. Q. CALKINS.
Commander U. B. N.. Lighthouse Inspector..
Office of Inrpector Thirteenth Lighthouse Dis
trict, Portland, Or., Aug. 21, -1U03.
United Btates of America—California.—De
partment of Commerce and Labor, Lighthouse
Hoard. Washington, Aug. 11, 1003.— Bonita
Point Light Station diet of lights and fog sig
nals. Pacific Coast, 1003. pago 14, No. • 28;. list
of beacons and buoys, Pacifio Coast, 1003, page
20).
Located on the westernmost extremity of
Bonita Point, seacoaat of California, and on
the northerly side of the entrance to Ban Fran
cisco nay.
Notice Is hereby given that on or about Au
gust 20, 1003, the fog signal at this station will
be moved to nnd established In the structure
recently erected on the extreme end of Bonita
Point. 335 feot 8. 01 degrees 30 minute* \V.
(FW. by W. 7-lti W.) from its present posi
tion, and C5 feet S. 70 degrees W. (WSW. %
W ) from the lighthouse. The new structure
1* 13 fret lower than tho lighthouse and 00 feet
above t^e wo ter.
The structure Is of brick, whitewashed, with
red roof end a whitewashed brick chimney In
rear of thr lighthouse.
No changd will be made in the characteristic
of the fog signal. *
P.rtirlngs are magnetic and given approxi
mately. '
iJy order ot the Llghthouiwi Board:
C. T. IIUTCHIN8,
Captain U. S. N'avy, 'Naval Secretary.
Cargo by the Japanese Liner.
The Jaranese steamer America Maru sailed
yesterday for "HcnKkor.K via Honolulu and
Yokohama with an assorted merchandise cargo
valued at J2S0.S1C, exclusive of treasure, , and
distributed as follows: For Japan. $(2,541;
China. ?:00,y97; Philippine Islands, $7517;
East Indies, $5S76; Korea, |33S4; Slam, $240;
Alexandria. Egypt, $261. The principal exports
were as follows: *• '¦',;¦*'?¦• :../'•
To Japan— 22C0*bbls flour. 2000 ctls wheat,
20S0 lbs abalone meat, l.'t cs canned poods, 2SJ
pkgs urooerles and provisions. 814O Iba sugar,
120 lbs meals, 2C30 cs condensed milk. 158 rolls
» pkRK leather, 110 pkgs bfcycles and part*. 4i
cs soap, 8 cs arms and ammunition, l\-s paints,
& cs electrical supplies,' 213 bags bones, 3 pkgs
agricultural implements, 16 reel wire rope, 10,
<;s:i lbs calcium, 23 pkgs machinery. 22 sks
tanbark. ' • •¦ ' ¦ '. y.^r i'- .¦ ¦¦
To China — 17.500 bbls flour. 1CS5 gals wine.
C105 lhs • gintreng, 3528 lbs cheese. «3<H " pl«rs
fresh fruits, 1283 cs assorted canned goods,
2S5 cs condensed milk, C10 lbs coffee. 1215 pkB»
groceries and Drovlsionft. 1S20 lbs meals, 2410
lbs sugar. 10.956 lb« 225 cs dried fruit. 2402
gals vinegar. 5.SOO "lbs pearl' barley. 127 bbls
bottled beer. 1300 lbs codfish. 15,000 lbs dried
fish. 0050 lbs ham and bacon.* 3K57 lbs choco
late. 11 JO lbs hops, 81 cs syrup. 100 cs. whisky,
500 flasks quicksilver, 042 bales cotton domes
tics. KSO bales cotton drills, 41 pkgs furniture.
14 pkgs leather, 460 pkgs soap, 137 pkgs drugs
and medicines, C automobiles, 39 pkgs machln-
To Philippine Islands— 4220 lbs meals, 472
!bs raisins, 528 -lbs codfish. ¦ 570 lbs candy, 960
lbs coffee. 540 < * canned goods. 21' pkgs gro
ceries and - > provisions, 5 , cs • honey,: 20 cs
baking powder, 20 cs salmcn, 5 cs liquors, 28
gala wine, *'<O pkgs drugs and medicines, 10
pkgs machlnerj'.-l cs- shoes. .. ,
To Eaet Indies — HS50 gals wine, 2597x lb«
hops, 170 c«' canned fruit. 111 pkgs groceries
and provisions, . 2S0 • cs salmon. 050. cs con
densed milk.
To Korea — 114 pkgs groceries and provisions.
&0 cs condensed milk. .210 lbs sugar. .738 pes
V2 bdls steel and iron. SO kegs spikes, 16 bdls
shovels, 12 pkgs hardware, 1 pkg ship chan
dlery. ' ¦ •
To Siaro-r-t200 lbs meal*.
To Alexandria, Egypt — 79 pkgs groceries and
provisions. ' . .
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, August 28.
Stmr Montara, Reilly. SB hours from Ta
coma.
FStmr Noyo, Ellefsen, 16 hours from C»ono.
Stmr Brooklyn, Hlggins. 15 hours from Fort
Bragg.
Stmr Navarro, Weber. 18 hours from West
port.
Htmr Callfomian Barron. 68 days from New
York, via Coronetf 22 days. •»
Btmr Ban Pedro Jacobs, 23 hours from Eu
reka.
Htmr Prentiss. Ahlstrom, 44 hours from San
Pedro.
Schr Bessie K, Mcrrlam. 10 hours from San
Vicente Landing.
Bchr Ida Schnauer. Brastlng. 10^ days from
Port Ludlow, ',-'.* !
->^v f CLEARED.
Wednesday, AugUBt 26.
Btmr State of California, Thomas, San Diego;
Pacific Coast S 8 Co.
Jap stmr America Maru. Going. Hongkong,
etc. ; W. H. Avery. •
;;,.- SAILED.
-. "Wednesday. August 26.
8tmr Celia, Nordberg. Albion River.
Btmr Del Norte. Green, Crescent City. -
- Btmr Pomona. Swanson. Eureka. . •
Jap stmr America Maru. Going 1 Hongkong,
etc. V
Nor stmr Hero. Syvertsen, Ladysmlth.
Br ship Claverdon, Thomas. Port ¦ Townsend.
Br ship Gantock Rock. Crosble, . Whatcom.
Bchr Onward. OJldasen. Coqullle River.
• Schr " Del . Norte, - Jacobsen, ' Rogue River.
• Bktn John Palmer, Delano. Tacoma/
Tug Defiance. James. Coos Bay.
- TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Aug. 28. 10 p. m.— Weather
hazy; wind calm.
DISASTER. ;•
Schr Lena Sweasey.' Captain Hutman. loading
at Navidad. for San - Francisco, ,. went ashore
and: will probably be a total loss; crew saved.
• DIED A^SEA. /
On board stmr Californian July 6— Philip
Roskey. a native of Russia, age. 48 years.
SPOKEN,
Per. stmr Callfornlan— July 25, lat '46-5.1
south. .Ion 02:24 west-rBr bark Austrasia from
Antwerp, for Puget- Sound. . V
, Per stmr ,S«nator— Aug 20. lat 54: north, Ion
159 , west — Stmr . : Aztec,- from Fairhaven for
Nome. Aug., 21, lat . 53 52S north. Ion 157 -51
west— Stmr Argyll, from Seattle, for Nome
with «hiD A.' J. Fuller in tow; all weU' ¦ . .-'¦
Notice to mariners.
Columbia ' River ; Bar— Notice . is hereby given
that on or about " September 5 the following
changes - will made in th« Columbia 'River
Bar buoy*, which are" made' necessary ; by rea
aon at the'ehoaJInr of the North Channel over
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
•day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights -clven are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
AMERICAN HAWAIIAN STEAM
EHIP CALIFORNIAN, WHICH
ARRIVED YESTERDAY..'
Sun rlsea ...". 5:35
Sun seU
Moon sets . ' 0:49 p. m.
0 [Time Time| |Time Time
* | Ft. 1 Ft. j Ft. — — Ft.
? |H W L W| |h W L W
27 2:55! 4.7 8:26 1.8| 3:01 5.5 0:25 To
28 4:02 4.4 9:17 2.1 3:48 5.4 10:35 0.9
2» 5:15} 4.2 10:15 2.5 4:4^ 6.3 11:44 O.S
30 6:31{ 4.111:22 2.8 5:411 5.2
L W H W L. W H W
31 0:46 0.7 7:45 4.Z 12:36 2.8 6:42 5.1
1 1:41 0.5 8:46| 4.4 1:39 2.8 7:40 5.1
2 | 2:2S 0.4j 9:35| 4.6 2:31 2.8 8:33 5.1
SOUTHERN PACIFIC WELL
BEMODEL TICKET OFFICE
Special Boom "Will Be Arranged for
Accommodation of Local
¦ Airents.
The Southern Pacific Company's offices
et C13 Market street are to be overhauled
and renovated. Although the offices are
centrally located In the city they are in
adequate for tli? business that Is trans
acted there.
Yesterday afternoon General Passenger
Traffic Manager E. O. MeCormick met at
the offices all the general agsnts of the
Eastern reads and discussed the advisa
bility of maknig improvements.
Amor.g other matters settled rt was de
cided that a separate room shall be
ass-igned for agents of Eastern roads
•where they can purchase tickets. At the
jircpent time they have to wait at the
counter the same as other purchasers for
their turn in buying tickets. In this way
sometimes there would be two or three
clerks from the fame office waiting to
buy tickets. Under the new rule this will
all be done away with.
For Yokohama— H. I. Hohn, Miss Tam-
Iwai G. Kato. T. B. Ponsonby, t>. Saba. J.
Slegler. C. Schlumberger. Kobe— C. M. Dufflcy,
Mrs. C M. Dufflcj- K. Hasesawa, J. G. Hold
rroft. Shanchai — D. W. Crofts. Mrs. D. W.
Crofts and three children. Miss M. D. Duncan.
Rev C D. Herrictt. Miss L. L>. L.ycn. Hong
kong—O. E. Bender, Miss E. L. .Blvod, • Rev.
O G. Bruce. Mrs. Q. G. Bruce. J. H. Burton,
Colonel J. C. L. Campbell. B. F. Durr.Mrs.
B. F. Durr and Infant. Volney Eaton, J. P.
B. Fitzgerald, Rev. H. B. Grayb*!. J. F. Gross,
Mrs. E. M. Hamilton, C. P. Harley. Miss
Lillie Karsten. Miss Laura Karsten. W. W.
Larkln. W. R. McGeachln, Mis* T. McKeever.
Miss M McKeever. Mrs. H. E. MUler. Miss
M E. Olson. Mtss E. G. Patterson, S. J. Perry,
Miss N. L. Read. J. H. Rethinger, Rev. Joseph
Saus, Jacob Slmoson, Rev. J. E. Su'ok, Mrs.
J. E* Snook. Robert Stand. Mrs. I. Stanhope,
D. P Welch, 'Mrs. D. P. Welch. Miss G. G.
Wright. To Join at Honolulu — Mrs M. W r .
George. K. R. Peacock.
America Maru. The steamship
was deeply laden with a valuable cargo
and her decks were crowded with pas-
Bengers, both white and Asiatic. She car
ried about sixty cabin passengers of
whom the majority are from Hongkong.
The cargo included 2900 tons of flour
and In the Asiatic steerage were forty
four Chinese going back to their native
land under order of deportation.
"The passengers included the following
named: ¦ ¦
A LARGE crowd of smartly dressed
people thronged the PacJflc Mail
dock yesterday to witness the
sailing of the Japanese liner
OCEAN STEAMERS..
ANTWERP— Arrived Aug ¦ 26— Stmr Penn
land. from Philadelphia. .
CHERBOURG— Sailed Aug 20— Stmr Kron
prinz Wilhelm, from Bremen and, Southamp
ton, for New York -
NAPLES— Arrived 'Aug 26 — Stmr Lahn. from
New York, via 'Gibraltar, for Genoa, and pro
ceeded. '¦¦'.:' H
NEW YORK— Arrived Aug 26— Stmr Teu
tonic, from Liverpool and Que'enstown.
Sailed Aug. 26 — Stmr. Oceanic, for Liverpool;
stmr New York, 1 for Southampton; atmr Noor
dam, for Rotterdam, v '
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Aug 26— Stmr Iver
nla. from Liverpool, ifor Boston. . \
Arrived Aug 26r- Stmr Haverf ord. from Phil
adelphia for Liverpool, and • proceeded ; stmr
Ansonia from New York, for Liverpool. . and
proceeded.
SOUTHAMPTON — Sailed Aug 26— Stmr Kron
Prlnz Wilhelm, from Bremen, for New York,
via Cherbourg '• *'
Arrived Aug 26— Stmr St Louis, from New
York. . ;• ¦¦.....,
FOREIGN PORTS.
MO JI— Sailed Aug 26— Br stmr Vermont, for
San Francisco or Los Angeles. • - .
SANTA ROSALIA— Sailed Aug 22— Schr An
nie iE. Smale for Townsend. '
Sailed Aug 26— Schr Muriel, for Port Town
send.
TALTAL — Arrived prior to Aug 22— Br ship
Thomasina McLellan from Honolulu.
TENNERIFFE — Arrived Aug 8 — Ger stmr
Neko. from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
EASTERN PORTS. •
BALTIMORE— Sailed Aug 25— Ship Astral,
for San Francisco. ¦ • '
NEW YORK— Sailed Aug 25 — Stmr Yucatan,
for Colon. i.'j .:¦'¦-¦"
HONOLULU— Sailed Aug 25— Br stmr Gae
lic, for San Francisco; Br stmr Moana, for
Vancouver; stmr AJaroeda. for San Francisco.
Arrived Aug 26 — Bktn Amazon, from Hako
date.- -¦-:¦¦:; ¦¦ ¦ - ¦"¦'t r -: ,
ISLAND PORTS,
ASTORIA— Sailed Aug 20— Stmr Columbia,
for San Francisco; schr Mabel Gale, for San
Francisco; stmr Aurelia. for San Francisco.
Sailed Aug 26 — Stmr Elmore. .for Tillamook.
Arrived Aug 20 — Stmr Dispatch, hence 2.'td;
schr R. W. Barllett. hence 13th; schr Zampa,
hence 14th; Br ship Windsor Park, - from
Port Los Angeles.
BANDON— Sailed Aug 26— Stmr Chico. for
San Francisco.
CASPAR— Arrived Aug 26 — Stmr Samoa,
hence Aug 25.
EUREKA — Arrived Aug 28-^Schr Ottillls
Fjord, hence Aug 19; stmr tug H. H. Burne,
her.ce 24th.
Sailed Aug 28--Stmr Arctic, for San Fran
cisco; etmr Francis H. Le ggett, for Astoria;
stmr Corona, for San Francisco.
Stmr South Bay did not call Aug 25.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived . Aug 25— Schr
Queen, hence 2<1.
Arrived' Aug 2ft : — Schr 'Minnie A. Calne. from
Honolulu; Rtmr Lakme, t hence 22d; Lakme lost
rudder on the bar; no damage.
HUENEME— Sailed Aug 26— Stmr Scotia,
for Bowens Landing. .
MENDOCINO-^Arrived Aug 26— Stmr Gua
lala. hencf Aug 25.
Sailed Aug 26 — Stmr Phoenix, for San Fran
cisco.
NOME — In port aus; 12 — Stmr Diacorery.
from Seattle; Br stmr Wynerlc, from Comox;
schr Inca. from Newcastle, Australia; schr
Vega from Golovln Bay; stmr Elk from Seat
tle.
Arrived Aug 13— Stmr Ohio, from Seattle.
Arrived Aug 14 — Kan stmr Manauense. from
Vladivostok; stmr Roanoke, from- Seattle.
Sailed Aug 16 — U S stmr Richard Rush,
for . ~*
Sailed Aug 17— Dan stmr Manauense for Se
attle; stmr Ohio, for Seattle, via St Michaels.
PORT HADLOCK— Sailed Aug 20— Bktn Re
triever, for San Francisco. _• .
PORT HARFORD— Sailed Aug 26 — Stmrs
Coos Bay and Chehalls for San Francisco. '
*\ PORT TOWNSEXD-^-Passed In Aug 26— Br
ship Sardomene. for Tacoma.
Inward Aug 26 — Bktn Puako. from Maka
wcli; Jap stmr Rio Jun Maru. from Yoko
hama, for Seattle; Rus etmr Najada \ (ex-
Manauense). from Nome, for Seattle.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Aug 26 — Schr Wlns
loe. from Grays Harbor; stmr Olympic, from
Falrhaven.
Sailed Aug 26— Schr W. H. Smith, for
Grays Harbor; stmr Chas Nelaon, ¦ for San
Francisco.
Sailed Aug 23 — Stmr Coronado, for. San
Francisco.
SEATTLE — Arrived Aug 26 — Schr Wm Not
tingham, from San Francisco; stmr Senator,
from Nome; stmr Dolphin, from' Skagway;
stmr Farallon, from Skagway. ' ,
. Arrived Aur 25 — Stmr Nunlvak. from Alaska.
TACOMA— Sailed Aug 26— Bktn Robert Sud-
An. for San Pedro. '
. Sailed Aug 26 — Bktn Robert Madden, for
California ports.
TATOOSH— Passed in Aug 26— Br ship Car
nedd, Llewellyn, from Coquimbo. | for Victoria.
• Inward Augr 20 — Stmr Umatilla, hence Aug
24. for Victoria. - S
UNION LANDING— Sailed Aug 26— Stmr
Fulton, for San San Pedro.- '
. WHATCOM— Sailed Aug 20— Stmr Argus,
for San Pedro
Per stmr Callfornlan — Sailed from New York
June 29, put into Coronel Aug 3 and sailed
Auk 4.
OUTSIDE BOUND IN— 3 P. M..
Stmr Prentiss; schr Ida Schnauer.
DOMESTIC POUTS.
MEMORANDUM.
y Charles B. White has been promoted
from the position of assistant gauger No.
1, class D, to that of night inspector No.
6, class E, at a salary of 53 per diem.
George E. Blacker has been assigned to
th<j position vacated by White.
Custom-House Promotion.
On September 25 a United States Civil
Service I'examination will be neld ir»-this
city for female stenographers, typewriters
and indexers; minimum age limit 20 years.
Salary $840 per annum. -*pply to the
commission at" Washington, D. C, or to
the" secretary at 301 Jackson street, for
application form 304. On > October 21
there will be an 'examination for the po
sition of law clerk; minimum salary $900
per annum; minimum age limit 20 years.
Apply for application form 1312.
Civil Service Examinations.
The complaints allege that the chute
was too shallow for the purposes In
tended; that there were holes and water
in it and that the company negligently
failed to provide the usual safeguards.
To have seven ribs on one side broken
and torn loose, to have in addition the
bones of the right shoulder and arm and
the collar bone broken and cracked and
to be yet alive and well, though -crippled
and disabled permanently, is the luck of
Colin Newton, an 18-year-old boy, who
was employed In a logging camp near
Scotia. Humboldt County. The accident
occurred on April 23, 1903, and was caused
by a large log Jumping out of a chute
and flying against a tree sixteen Inches In
diameter. The tree burst Into pieces' like
an explosive shell and several of the
fragments struck young Newton^ who
was standing fifteen or twenty feet
away from the chute. Other, fragments
struck Robert Miller, a 20-year-old youth,
who was standing near Newton, and dis
abled him.
Newton and Miller entered suits in the
Superior Court of Humboldt County
against the Pacific Lumber Company to
recover 115,250 damages for Newton and
$12,250, damages for Miller. The suits
were transferred yesterday to the United
States Circuit Court in tnis city, Newton
and, Miller- being natives of Nova Scotia.
For the pyrpose of the litigation William
Newton was appointed guardian of tho
two complainants.
As a result of an autopsy, performed
yesterday afternoon by Autopsy Surgeon
Bacigalupi on the boJy of Martin L.
Bowers, the bridge builder, heretofore al
leged by relatives to have been poisoned,
the theory of murder has been dispelled.
An examination of the vital organs dis
closed the fact that tuberculosis had tak
en a firm hold on the left lung, and there
¦was fatty degeneration of the kidneys.
The contents of the stomach were sent
to the City Chemist for analysis, .al
though there appears to be no doubt that
death w us due to natural causes.
Mrs. Marta Bowers, vridow of the de
based, when seen at her home. 370 Clem
entina street, yesterday afternoon, was
prostrated over the death cf her husband
and the unenviable notoriety occasioned
by the allegations made by his brother
and his sister-in-law— which directed sus
picion to her as being the murderess of
Bowes s. Mrs. Bowers characterized the
alienations ns malicious falsehoods, and
s-aid that hor relatives have no doubt be
come cognizant of the fact that Bowers
and h?rj*<?lf had some money in the
lank, which was accumulated during
their mr-rricd life, and that they want
pome of it. She mairta'.ns that her re-
Jaticns with the dead man were harmoni
ous end that their wedded life was
happy.
Harry Bowers and hJs wife called at the
Coroner's office yesterday and asked that
the officials take action to step thj pay
ment of the money in the Hibernia Bank
to the widov.-. They were informed that
the Coroner had no jurisdiction in the
matter. Their eaeer haste to put in a
cl<a:n for the worldly possessions cf their
dead relative, coupled with their unseem
ly haste in charging the widow with mur
der, seems to indicate greater worry over
money than over death.
Detective Tcm Oolcman was detailed on
the case and is making investigation, al
though convinced by the autopsysarid the
circumstances surrounding the case that
there is no need of a police investigation.
Pacific Lumbar Cc mpany Is
Sued for $27,500 for Al
leged Nsgligenca.
Widow Brand3 Allegations
of Relatives as Mal.cious
Falsehoods.
Damage Done to Colin
Newton by the Explo
sion of a Tree. "
Autopsy ShowS Disease
Caused Death of
Bowers.
Large Crowd Throngs the Pacific Mail Dock to Wave Good-By to Depart
ing Passengers-^Steamship Is Deeply Laden With a Valuable Cargo of
Merchandise, Which Includes a 2000-Ton Shipment r>f California Flour
MURDER THEORY
DOES NOT HOLD
MANY TAKE DEPARTURE FOR ORIENT
ON JAPANESE LINER AMERICA MARU
JUMPS A CHUTE,
SMASHES RIBS
THE SAN FEANCISgOCALL; THUESDAY, AUGUST 27, 1903.
THURSDAY. AUGUST 27.
10
Mm CARTERS
£attfr£f j^SH JTo Li a S*l
Positively cured by these
Iiittlo Pills.
I . Thej also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drtnrsl-
aess. Bad Taste ra the Mouth, Coated Tonguo
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVE5/ They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
SmaH Pill. Small Dose.
Small Prlcg .
SAIIWA7 TBAVXiZi.
Our
Eastbound
Tourist Parties
The best friends we have are those
who have once traveled with one of
our Personally Conducted Tourist
' Parties— that is saying a good deal for
the service, Is it not?
Before making up your mind how to
go east will you not permit me to tell
you about them and the decided advan-
tage they offer?
W. 0. SANBORN. Gen'l Agent Burlington Routa,
631 Market St, San Francisco, Cal.
C91 Phono. Main 1183.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN HI. CO,
• LiESSHB
im FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
BAHWAT COMFAST.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SABT PBA2TCISCO TO SAH BATAXIn
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 8:00. 0:00. 11:00 a. m .:
12:35. 2:30. 3:40. 5:10, 5:50, 6:30 and 11:30
p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:30. 8:00. 0:30, 11:00 a. m ..; 1:30,
2:30, 3:40, 5;10, 6:30, 11:30 p. m.
SAN KAFAEIi TO SAN j FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:05, 6:50, 7:35. 7:50. 9:20.
11:15 a. m .; 12:50, *2:00, 3:40.- 5:00, 5:20.
6:25 p. m. . . •-, i
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:45 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 6:50. 7:35, 9:20. 11:15 a. m.; 1:45.
3:40, 4:50. 6:00, 6:20. 6:10. 6:25 p. m.
•Except Saturday*.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. I May 3, 1903. [San Franctsco.
"week I Sun- I Desrtina- I Sun- I Week
Days. ) days. | tlon. [ days. [ Days.
- t 7:30 a : " 7:45 a 7:45 a
7:30 a 8:00 a 8:40 a 8:40 a
8:00 a 0:30 a Ignaclo. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 2:30 p 6:00 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 5:10 p , 6:20 p 7:25 p
j - 7:25 p
7 :30 a 7 :3O a 7:45 a 7:45 a
K:00a 8:0Oa Novato, 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 0:30 a Petaluma, 6:20 p 6:20 p
; 5:10 p 2:30 p and 7:25 p 7:25 p
"< 5:10 p Santa Rosa. :
7:30 a 7:30a 10:20 a 10:20 a
8^00 a 8:00 a Fulton. 7:25 p 6:20 p
2?30p 2:30 p 7 :25 p
J Windsor.
7:30 a T 30 a| Healdsburff. 10:20 a 10:20 a
Lytton,
2:30 p 2:30 p| Geyserville, 7:25 p 7:25 p
! | Cloverdale.
7:30 al 7:30 al Hopland 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| and Uklah. | 7:25 p| 7:25 p
"7:30 a| 7:30 a| Wllllts. |7:25p|7:25p
8:00 al 8:00a| Camp Vacation. 110:20 a]10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Guerneville. | 7:25 p| 6:20 p
8:00 al 8:00 a - Sonoma, I 8:40 al 8:40 a
6:10 p| 5:10 p Glen Ellen. | 6:00 pj 6:20 p
¦7:30 al 7:30 al . 110:20 a| 10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Sebastcpol. ( 7:25 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentln; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altruria and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springrs; at Gey-
Ferville for Skaggs Spring?: at Cloverdale for
the Geysers, Boonevllle and Or: enwood; at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs,
Kelseyville, Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake-
*port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Pom o.
Potter Valley. John Day's Riverside, Lierly*s,
Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights, Hullvllle, Orr*s
Hot Springs, Halfway House, Com ptche. Camp
Stevens, Hopkins, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg,
Westport, Usal; at Willits for Fort Bragg.
WestporV Sherwood, Cahto. Covellvx Layton-
vllle. Cumminer,- Bell's -Springs. Harris. Ol-
een's. Dyer. Garberville, . Pepperwood, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday . round-trip ' tickets at
reduced rates. v
On Sunday — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 6T«0 Market street. Chronlc'e
buildinr.
H. C. WHITING, R.X. RYAN,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
H TO SAN RAFAEL
SAN QUENTIN,
¦ Mil I im I i n*v/
MILL VALLEY*
CAZADERO, ETC.
via Sausalito Ferry
WEEK DAYS— (Holidays excepted*- 6:45,
f7 -45 8:45. 9:45. 11 a, m.. 12:20. ¦•1:43. 3:15.
4:15 15:15, "6:15. 6:45. 0. 11:45 p. m.
*7:45 a. m. train week days does not run to
and legal holidays— 7.
18 t*9* ' t*10. ' 11. - til :30 a. m.. |12:3O t*l:3O.
¦2:35 ••3:50 5. 6. 7:30, 0. 11:45 p. m.
'Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.' Those
"marked <t> to Fairfax. . except 5:15 p^.m. Sat-
urdays. On Saturdays the 3:15 o. — . train
runs to Fairfax.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Week day*— 0:25. t6:25. 7:40, 8:15, t9:i&,
11:05 a. m.. 12:30. 2:20/ »:45. 4:50, 5:30, 6:45.
10-20 »- m.
SUNDAYS— 6:15, 7:35. 18:10. 9:40, 110:55.
111:45 a. m.. 12:50. 2:30, »:25, 4:40. J5:50.
655 7:35. 10:20 p. m. -
Trains marked (t> atart from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TOYSAN FRAN-
CISCO— Week days— 5:45. 6:40. 7:45, 8:25
9:45. 11:10 a. m.. 12:40. 2:45, 4:15, 5:10, 7:03)
10:40 d. m. r "
SUNDAYS— 6:35, 7:55. 10, 11:10 a. m.. 12:05
1:05 2:40, 3:45, 4:55. 6:05. 7:i0. 10:40 p. — *
THROUGH TRAINS.
7 :45 a. m .. week days— Cazadero and way
stations.
5:15 p. m .. week days (Saturdays excepted)
Tomales and way stations.
3:15 P. m.* Saturdays— Cazadero and way
stations. . :
Sundays and Legal Holidays — S a. m . Caza-
dero and . way stations.
Sundays and Legal Holidays — 10 a. m. Point
Reyes and way stations. V
TICKET OFFICE— C26 \larket st
FERRY— Foot -of; Market St..,
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave Tia SanstUta Fw ry Arrtv« -
S*n Fran. K>t tt Martat ft, S*a F— n.
Week Sun- "Tift Tsan- i Week"
i ! f5 r i« ! «2 A l»:5«l-3:30*
11-3OA 3:3Op 5:5Or
fctpjajnaly.na- rntn^T^tOr.mintJAltaoi
: TicnB J flSMAM- St, (North Shore lUilro^;"
I , offUJB | aad Saosauto Ftur, Foot Uaxfcat St.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
|B CELEBRATED *^
Try a bottle of the Bitters the
next time your stomach is disor-
dered or your liver inactive. You'll
be pleased .with the result. It
positively cures Sour Stomach,
Sick Headache, Poor Appetite,
Constipr ion, Dyspepsia and Indi-
gestion.
(1 visit DR. JORDAN'S great 6
Museum qf abatohy*
A gB l:zl K 12217 1 - ¦ *-¦ 5:h*7a, : . r. Cii. d
', X^f Tbc J^rftit Anitomtcal Muvrarn ia Ike \
A ¦- t jBriM_ World. Weikne»%e» or *,,y ontracied A
L TOT TV? <ii«asr »>«»itl»»-ly rurodl.y the olde.t V
Q fgH| bpeciaiiitor. the C<*tt Ii»t 3, y-ari. Q
A & K DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF KEN 4
¥ 3C^^& D Cori<a!:»uon free »ivl rtrirtly prirste. \
*? J; 1»?;D TrMKucnt p'rsonil:y or br letter. A Q
W fi Jf in If Pwiuvt Curt in every caie untfertik en. W
Avtt !l£P Wntt for Hk*. PBILttBOPnV *f A
? ' J \y* B4KMIACK, MAILED FREE. (AT
A (I (I. valu*l>le bock for turn) \
V OB. Jo ;il» A N £i CO.. 1051 Market HU.B. F. ¥
SAILWAT TSAVXX.
California
Limited..,
To CHICAGO
w I8j n ea * Train
f^^^^g^j For Thosa Who
SANTA FE TBAI3JS.
Leave Market- street Ferry Depot.
' ~ I Local I Llm'd Local jOv'rl'J
Dally ! Daily Dally ( Daily
Lt San Fran 7:30 a) 0:8Oa 4:0O p 8:00 p
At' !?£*££:... 10:4O«!l0:0I P 7:10 P 11.15 p
••Merced. l:05p l:Wp 1:28 a
"Fresno 2:4Op :5:20p 3:15a
"Hanford 4:53 p 4:07 p 7:50a
••Vlsalla 4:55p 4:4Sp. ...... 5:C0a
"Bakersfleld ... 7:15p]6:0Op 7:^a
••Kansas City l?^* J :^*
"Chicago I 2:15 p 8.47 p
a for morning; p for afternoon.
7:30 a m. Daily 1» Bakersfleld Local. sto»-
pln* at all points In San Joaquln Valley Cor-
responding train arrives at 9:55 a. m. aMy.
9:30 a. m Monday and Thursday U th«
CAlilTOBSXA. LIMITED, carrying ~«-
ace Sleepinsr Cars and Dlnlnp Cars
through to Chicago. Chair car runs to Baker»-
fleld for accommodation of lopal flrst-class paa-
sengers. No second-class tickets are honored
on this train. Corresponding . train arrive* at
11:10 p. m. Tuesday and Friday.
0:30 a. m. Dally Valley Limited. Compcslts
Car and Reclining Chair Car between Bakers-
fleld and San Francisco. Corresponding train
arrives at 11:10 p. m. daily.
4:00 p. m. Is Stockton Local. Correspondln*
train arrives at 11:10 a m. daily.
8:00 p. m. Dally is the Overland Express
with through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining: Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. Cor-
responding train arrives at 6:25 p. m. dally.
Personally conducted parties for Kansaa City.
Chicago and East leave - San Francisco every
Monday Thursday and Saturday at 8 p. ra.
Offices — 641 Market street apd in Ferry D#-
pot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway. Oakland.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains leave and are due to arrive at
SAN FRANCISCO.
(Main Line, foot of Market Street >
mm — Km>M AcsoT 28. liKM. — initi
7.0Ua Bontcl*. Sulsun, £lmlraand 3»cra-
mento ZI3 F
7.00a VncsTllle, Wlntert. Ram aey 7.25?
740a Msrtinez. B»n .Bamon. vallejo,
Kaps. CalUtoga, Santa Kosa 6 25r
7.30a Nlles, Llverm ore, Ldthrop. Stock-
ton 7.2ir
B.OOa DaTla.Woodlaod. Knights Landtag.
MarysTille. Ororllle. (connects
at .Marysvllle for Grldlry, Biggs
and Cairo) 7.8S»
8 CO a Atlantic Express— Oi?dea ind East. 10.25a
8.00a Port Co«a. Martinez. Antloch. By-
ron.Tracy, Stockton, Sacramento.
Loa Banes, Mendota. Uaaford.
Vlsalla. Tortervllle m 4.29*
8.00a Fort Coata. Martinez. Tracy. L«ta-
rop, Modesto. Merced. Fresno,
Goshen Junction, Haaford, VI-
'sslla, n*kenfleid B.2Sr
8.30a Sh»iU Express — D«t1». Wllllann
(for Bartlett Springs). Willows,
tFrnto. lied Bluff. Portland 7.55 r
• •30a Nlles. Ban Joae, Llvermoro, Stock-
ton.Iooe. Sacra— en to.Placervllle.
Marj»Tllle. Chlco, Red Bluff 42Sr
8 30a Oakdale. Chinese, Jamestown. Bo-
norn. Taolnmne and Angels 4.25P
T 9 00a Martinez and Way Sutlons 6|5p
1000a Vailejo 12.25*
10.00a El raso Passenger, Eanbound.—
Port Costs, Martinez, Byron,
Tracy. La throp. Stockton.
Merced. Raymond. Fresno, Han-
ford. VUalla, Bakerifleld, Los
Angelea and £1 Paso. (West-
bound arrives via Coast Line)... eT.Ji*
10.00a The Overland Limited — Of dra,
Denver, Omaha, Chicago. 8 2Sf
1200* Hayward. Nlles and Way Sutlont. X25r
* 11J)0r Sacramento River Steamers. tii.OdP
3.30f Benlcla. Klntera. Sacramento.
Woodland. Williams, Colnsa. Wll-
lows. Knights Landing. Marya-
vllle. Oroville and way nations.. 10.55a
3 30r Hayward. Niles and Way Stations.. 7 55?
4.00F MartlaM.SsnlUmon,ValleJo,II»pa,
Callitogs. SanU Ron* 9 25a
4-OOf Mirtlnei.Tracy.L»tbrop.Stockton. 1025a
4 OCf Nilea. Liver— ore. Stockton. JLodl.. 4.2Br
4.30r Hayward. NUes. lrvlngton. San I ?a.So*
Joae. Liver— ore... f 111.55a
6 CQp The Owl Limited — Fresno, Tnlare.
Bakersfleld. Los Angeles 1.88a
BCOr Port Costa, Tracy, Stockton, Lot
Banoa.. 12-25F
tSSOr Hayward, Nile* and San Jose 7 25a
B.OOp Hayward. Nlles an* Saa Jose. 10-2&A
?7.8&T™eio..... 7***
S.00? OrleoUl Mail— Sacramento. Ogden.
Denver. Omaha. St. Louis. Chi-
cago and East. (Carries nrst-clasa
paiseageri only oat of San Fran-
Cisco. Tourist car and coach
passengers for points beyond
Sacrum en to uke 7.00 r. «. train
to Keno, continuing thence la
their car* • p.m. train eastward.. A.Ti*
7 60? Port Costa, Benlcla. Sulsua, Davla,
Sacramento, Trnckee. Reno.
Stops at all stations east of
Sacramento 7.53a
7X0p Ban Pablo. Port Coata, llarUnes
and Way Suttona. 11.28*
8.05? Oregon A California Eiprets— Sao-
ramento, Marysvllle. Redding.
Portland. Paget Sound and East. 855 a
tS.IQr Hayward, Nile* and San Jose (San-
day only) {1153i
11.25* Port Conn, Tracy. Latbrop. Mo-
desto. Merced, Raymond (to To-
¦emlte), Fresno, Uaaford, VI-
salla, Bakersfleld 12-25>
COAST LINE (!»arr«w Uaage). •
| <Foot of Maritet Street.)
'|7-4Sa Santa Crai Excnrsion fSanday
only) tS-IOr
8.15a Kewark. Centervllle. San Jose,
Felton, Bonlaer Creek, ' Santa
Crui aad Way Stations §-2Sr
t2.16r Kewark, Centervllle, Saa Joae,
.New Aim aden.Loa GatocFelton,
Bonlder Creek, Santa Cms aad
Principal Way Stations 1053a
4-1 5 p Kewark. San Jose. Loa Gatoa aad
way statloaa (on Saturday and
Sunday runs throng h to Santa
Craz; Monday only from Santa
Cruz). ConnecU at Felton to
and from Boulder Creek.... tS.BS A
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
Fron SAN KUAN CISCO, Foot of Market S«. <SUp3>
— 17:15 9:60 11:00 a.m. 1.00 3 00 5.15 F,».
From OAKLAND, loot of Broadway — t«:0O t3:tt
t8:05 10:00 a.m. 12 00 200 4 00r.lt.
COAST LINE (Uroa.1 «a»ge).
¦ • t~~ ( 1 aird and Townsend Streets.)
6.10a San Jose and Way Stations S 30?
1700a San Jose and Way Stations. 6-3SF
'.7.15a Monterey and Sanu Cruz Excnr-
*ion (Bnnday only) :3 30i"
/B-OOa New Almadcn (Tues.. Frld.) .... /4,\Qf
b.CO a Coast Line Limited— Stops only Saa
Joae, Gllroy (connection for Hoi-
lister), Pajaro. Castrovllle, Sa-
linas. San lArdo. Paso Roblea,
Eanta Margarita. San Luis Oblspo,
Guadalupe, Surf (connection for
Lompoc). Sanu Barbara. Saugaa iv .••.:¦
and Los Angeles. Connection at
CMtroTllle to and from Monterey
and Paelflc Grove 10-48*
*.0Oa 8an Jose. Tres Pinoa, Capttola.
San taCruz, Pacific GroYe.Snlinss.
Son Luis Oblspo and Principal
Intermediate Sutlon* 4-10v
10-ZOA,San Jose aiio Way Stations .. 1-20?
I 11430a Cemetery Passenger— South San
Francisco, Saa Bruno 1.0Sr
i 11 -30a Bant* Clara. Saa Jose. Loa Gatoa
and Way Sutlons 7.30? „
o1.30p San Jose and Way Sutlons x 7 00r
2-COr Ean Jose and Way SUtlons {9 40a
2.30p Cemetery PasseDger— Sonta Saa
Franclrco. San Bruno .".... 4.35>
t3.C0P Del Monte F.zpress— Santa Clara,
gan Jcte. Del Monte, Monterey,
Pacific Grove (connects at Sanu
Clarm for Santa Cruz, Bonlder
Creek and Narrow Gauge Poinu) H2-15*
WOf pacific Grove and Way Stations—
Harlingame.San Mateo.Itedwood,
' MenloPark. Palo Alto, May fleld.
Moun tain View. Lawrence, San ta
Clara. San Jose, (Gtiroy. Hollla-
ter. Trea Plnos). Pajaro. Watson-
¦ vllle. Capltola. Santa Cruz, Cas-
trovllle, Salinas 1045*
4.30r Ean Jose and Way Sutlons 8.36a
IE-OOf tiaa Jone. (via hanu Clara) Los
Uato«, Wright and Principal Way
Sutlons ::. ....' (9.00a
{5-30r San Jose and PrlnctpalWay Station* t8 00a
t>.1b> San Mateo. Berrsford.Belinom.Saa
Carlos. Retlwuod, Fair Oaka,
MenloPark. Palo Alto t9.45l»
B.IOr 8aa Jose and Way Sutlons. 848a
7-C0f Sunset Limited, - Eastbound.— Saa
Lots Oblspo. Sanu Barbara, Lo*
Angeles. Demtng. El Paso. New
Orleans, New York. (Westbound
arrives via P»nJcsqnlnVallcy)... «-8 25 a
t.ZOr Palo Alto and Way Stations........ 10.15a
113Cr South San Francisco. Mlllbrae.l
Burlingame, Snn Mateo, Bel- 1
monf. San Carlos. Redwood.! ,->-.
Fair Oaks. Menlo Park. Palo )¦ ISif*
Alto. May field. Mountain View. *3-*O*
Sunnyvale. Lawrence. Sanu
Clara and San Jose... j
Q A for Morn ing P for Afternoon. "
x Satnrday and Sunday only. j Sanday only.
i Stop» at all stations oa Sanday. """""*' uul * <
t fianday excepted. a SatardaT only.
< V la Coast Line. « Via Ban Joaqu Jn Valley.
wArrive via MIea. • / Tnesday and Friday.
r~~Only trains stopping st Valencia St. stninboan*
are <:10AJ«^t7:OOAJi^ll:U)A.Ji..a:aOrJt.and«;3ayA
THE WEEKLY CALL
$1 perYear,M20«h Meridian -Pacific Time.)
«AN FRANCISCO. Aug- 20— ft p. m.
-.'.-,.. ~ o K~~ K o S J~ -¦ t?
¦TAT1ONS. f 1 1 |l |§ . |" ' £
H~a«t '..30.12 50 4S !77! Cloudy Tl6
•nrnon . .... .2i(.!»4 70 44 15 Clear .00
ur»ka ::o fW •» £2 N Clsar .00
rc f no 29.WJ KS . r »M N"W Clear .00
ia*«taff . ..^.74 74 &0 HW Clrar .00
Tidej^ndene*. IS. SO 84 00 HE Clear .OO
Lo« Art£«;lcs...2a.8S 7H CO W Clear .00
Ml Tamaipals/.S* .'.HI 78 50 W Clear .00
North Head... 30.20 C2 M NW Cloudy .00
l'hoenix 2«72 »8 7<5 W Clear . .00
Pocafllo 23.U8 «6 M SW Pt Cldy .01
Portland 3«l. JO «« f.8 NW Cloudy Tr.
Point Reyes.... 23.90 M fiO NW Clear .O0
Red lllult 29 88 &ft GO N v Clear .00
Roseburg 30.10 72 48 N Clear .00
*=acram«jiito ...2»S6, SG 56 NW Clear .00
Halt Lake 23 04 *H f>4 NW Clear .00
ISan Frunclsco.2a.94 74 52 W Clear .00
, t~. L. OblEpo. .2».»4 74 60 W Oear .00
S^iin DU-go ....2U.M 72 «4 VV Clear .00
Hpokane 1M CH 66 62 HE Cloudy .82
•Seattle 80.1$ 66 50 « Pt Cidy .04
Tatooth . -...30.10 Z>0 62 SW Cloudy Tr.
Walla Walla. . .80.02 C6 54 E Cloudy .60
Winnemucca .30.06 «S :« NW Clear .00
Thbj* 29.70 100 78 6W Clear .00
* - Afternoon Sesaton.
200 Chal Con ... 27 SOO Potosi ....'... 17
100 C C * Va..l 47% 300 Savage ...... 5r
200 C C & Va....l 45 200 Sierra Nev... K4
200 Gould & Cur. 31 500 Silver Hill 7(1
200 Hale & Nor.. 40 200 Union Con ... «4
100 Mexican 1 03j 300 Utah 1U
100 Ophlr 1 62%:
300 Belcher 30j 400 Gould A Car. 31
200 Belcher 31 300 Hale A. Nor.. 45
200 Caledonia. W; 500 Mexican ...1 07W
100 Chal Con 27, 200 Sara g« 25
20O Con Cal & Va.l SO 4C0 Sierra Nev.... 04
200 Con C * Val +71, 200 Union Con .. Hi!
300 Con N Y .... 13 200 Union Con .. 63
Foltowlng were the sales on the . Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session. /%« ~\
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
The oil stocks were more active on the morn
ing session, with Home selling at $1 17%.
Business ori the Stock and Bond Exchange
continued quiet. The gas stocks were firmer.
Mutual Electric selling up to $14 12%. Gas and
Electric to $66 50 and Pacific Gas Improvement
to $52 50.
The following officers have be«n nominated
by the California Exchange, tha election to
take place September 8: For president. How
ard H. SMnn. now vice president; for vice
president. C. E. Dugan and J. B. Toplltx: sec
retary. H. L. Coffin: treasurer. William Hln
kel; chairman. Joseph L. King, the last three
being renomlnated. Membership committee,
H. L. Coffin, chairman; H. A. Marvin. C. M.
Kilbourn. Josua Epptnger. Frank R. Lewis,
E. C. Ewell and Joseph L. King.
Stock and Bond Exchange.
WEDNESDAY. Aug. 2ft— 2:30 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. IJId.Ask,
4s qr coup... — • — 4s qr c (new) — —
4s qr reg.... — — 3s qr coup.. — 107
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — ¦ , Do 5* — —
Bay.CPC--Ps.105 1W Do con 3d. - —
Cal C O 6s. — — O W C c 5s. — —
Cal O & E g Oceanic 8 5». —
and ct 5s.. — 100 Om C R Cs. — —
Cal-st C 6s. — — Pac G 1m 4s — —
C C Wat 5«. — — P E Ry 5s — 107
Ed L & P 6s. — — P & C H Cs. — —
Weather Report.
FOR ¦WEDNESO \Y. AUGUST 26.
Flour, qr sks... 22.50«' 'owder. cars .. 301
Wheat. <tls .... •'.flf*'' Shorts, sks es
Barley, ctls .... 5.6G1 "room corn, bdls 227
¦Oats, ctls 3,im Tallow, ctls ... 222
Corn, ctls ...... 0 Lime, bbls .... 182
Beans, sks .... 81 Hides. No.. .. .. l.R«5
Potatoes, sks .. 4.830 Pelts. . No. 030
Ontons. ?ks .... 87S Leather, rolls .. 1<M
Bran, sks 2.r>27 Paper, rms tJ33
Middling!-, sks '. 5U Wine, gals 61.150
Hay. tons 7N". Brandy, gals .. S.500
Straw, tons .... ' 17 Chicory, bbls.. 87
Hops, bales .... 64 Quicksilver, flks. IS
Wool, bales .... 4Q5. Sugar, ctls .... 1,000
Produce.
Receipts o t
WHEAT— Chicago advanced lc. with' a large
cash business on account of rains In the North
west, and the pit crowd favored the bull sidu
on unfavorable weather abroad. Minneapolis
and Duluth also reported a good ca3h business
Thl? market remained about the same Fu
tures were higher, but the cash Grain was held
above the views of buyers.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club, 1 45©1 50; California
White Australian. $1 55© 1 00; Northern Club
$1 45®1 50; Northern Blue Stem, $1 50@l 5714'-
Oregon Valley, $1 52%. * • «•»•».
FUTURES. ¦¦ •
Session i) to 11 :.'!(» a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close
December $1 -47% $1 47Ts $1 47 $1 4734
2 p. m. Session.
'. ¦ Open. High. Low. Close
December $1 47^ $1 43 $1 47«4 $1 48 j
BARLEY— Future* were higher, but the cash
Grain quotations were ehaded, as win be seen
The market waa only moderately active.
CASH LJARLEY.
Feed. ?1 10@l 12%; Shipping and Brewing
$1 16»1 10; 'Jlievalirr, $1 20^1 5o fcr lali . u
choice.
FUTURES.
Session !! to'll :.'«» a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close
December $1 w% $1 lu',{, $1 i»0% ~ $1 ]uia
2 p. m. Session.
, Open. High. Low. Close
December $1 10% $1 10*. $1 U\% $1 Jo
OATS— There la nothing new to report the
market bring steadily held, with a moderate;
demand. ,
White, $1 20@l 30; Black, $1 30©l 45- Red
$1 154U Ti'/i for common and $1 25®i 30 for
choice: Gray, nominal.
CORN — Quotations • for California large Yel
low vhow (some reduction, but otherwise prices
remain about the sunm. Imports from th»
Western States may be expected right along
now, as there are a number of cars now rolling
hither. . >
Western, sacked. $1 47%@1 02% for Yellow
and *l 4i',-it/l Do for mixed; . Cuurornla largo
Yellow, $1 55@1 57%; small .round do $1 70
ta.1 75: White, si ftfi per ctl. :-,.v
RYE— $1 20@l 27% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— »i: z'oVfi. 30 per ctl.
Wheat and Other Grains.
NEW FRUIT— Apricots. 7%@9%c for Royals
and »@ He for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples.
fi@Gc: Peaches. o%@7c: Pears. 5%®7c;. Nec
tarines. 4<jJ4%c for white: Figs, white, 4%&
4"Uc In boxes: Plums, pitted. 4 %@5%c per lb.
PRUNES— 1902 crop. 2%«2%c for the four
sizes,: with %@lc premium (or the large sizes.
RAISINS — 1002 crop are quoted as follows:
2-crown loose Muscatels. 00-lb boxes, 5 >4c ; per
Dried Frit its,Nuts,Raisins,Honey.
Prices of fruits had but slight variation and
market conditions showed little change. Good
Grapes, well packed Peaches and choice Plum?
in crates were in fair request for shipment
north, but supplies were more than sufficient
for requirements. Only the very best offer
ings of Grapes in crates sold over .85c per box.
Choice Peaches from the mountain districts
were in limited supply and cleaned up quickly,
but receipts from other sections were very
heavy and crlces declined. The canners were
liberal purchaser* of cling stones in bulk and
auch stock was quickly disposed of. Canning
Plums and Pears were tn limited 6upply and
the 'quotations were easily obtained. Supplies
or Apples. Pears. Plums and Prunes In regular
size packages were plentiful and except for
strictly fancy stock trade was quiet. Wrapped
Ptais were noticeably weaker, most of the
offerings being soft and unfit for shipping.
Figs ruled steady at previous prices under
light receipts. Quinces were offering freely
at 50®li3c i*r box. but found few buyers.
The market' was still glutted with Cantaloupes
and Nutme« Melons and prices continued to
have a wide range. ,
A large portion of the receipts of Strawber
ries were poor and soft, showing the effects
of the hot weather, and prices ranged lower.
Raspberries and Blackberrien were In moderate
receipt and steady at the previously quoted
rates. Huckleberrlep arrived freely. but
prices were maintained.
Citrus and Tropical fruits stood as previous
ly quoted. The feature of the market was the
receipt of a cur of Central American Bananas,
the first for some weeks. The Bananas were
mostly ripe, and pales were readily effected at
the appearing quotations.
STRAW BERRIES— $2 5O®4 for Mallndas
and $4{i6 for other large varieties; Longworths,
nominal.
RASPBERRIES— $7@10 per chest, with some
fancy at Sll@12.
BLACKBERRIES— $3@4 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES — 6@7c per lb.
APPLES — S5c&$l per box for fancy. 60@75c
for good to choice and 25@40c for common;
Crabappki. 25® 40c for small boxes and 500
C3c for large. _ r ,_,, , ,
PEARS— Bartletts, 85c@$l for fancy and
600760 for No. 2: per ton, $20@30.
PIGS 75c@$l P«r box for black and 4O@75c
"pLUMS and PRUNES — 35®50c per crate and
23030c per box: large open boxes, 40@85c. ac
cording to size, per ton, $20<&25.
NECTARINES— Nominal.
PEACHES— Small boxea, SSiSSOc for ordi
nary and 00@75c for choice mountain fruit;
carriers. 40®U5c; large open boxes. 5O@75c; per
ton $20025 for clingstone.
GRAPES— Small boxes. 35<SC5c; crates, 65c@
$1" large open boxes. $1@1 25.
MELONS— Cantaloupes. 35c®$l per crate;
Nutmeg Melons. 15&35C per box, Watermelons.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges. $2 5063 for
fancy Valenclas. . $1 75Sf2 25 for choice and
$101 2T> for standard; Seedlings. $101 25; Lem
ons. 75c@$2 60 per box with some -fancy
higher- Grape Fruit, $1 25^2; Mexican Limes,
$4ffl4 50: Bananas. $162 50 per bunch for
Hawaiian and $1 76@2 25 for Central Ameri
can; Pineapples, *2©3 per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Silver made another material advance.
The. America Maru took out a treasure list of
$(iS..V«). consisting of $63,700 in Silver Bullion.
$2590 in Mexican Dollars and $2250 In Gold
Coin, all for Hongkong.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days — $4 j^j.-v-
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 j; ( 5.-i~|
Sterling Exchange, cables 4 874i
New York Exchange, sight 07U
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
Silver, per ounce — f^jv;
Mexican Dollars, nominal — '42
Exchange and Bullion
LOCAL. MARKETS.
e tn - ki _ Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 32.X00 U3 03 «2%
A UMson pfd 20U SDV« f9 8S%
Baltimore & Ohio. l.tWO B> K* «2%
Bait & Ohio pfd ****V4
Canadian Pacific . 10,000 127V4 120 123%
Central of N J 1>» 0
Cb". & Ohio 000 3.1% S.1% 33%
CMc i Alton ... 400 22 g 22 22
Chic & Alton pfd Ii2
Chic & O W I«9*
Chic i G W B pfd 29%
Chic &. North west. 100 1C5 103 165
Chic Term * T..-. 200 11% 11% ,1U4
Chic Term & T pfd 700 22 I'l 20?i
C C C & 6t I 300 73 |i 7314 73 U
Colo' Southern .... 100 14% 14% 14%
Colo South 1st pfd 52
Colo Soith 2d pfd 100 22% 22% 22%
Del A Hudson ¦ 163
Del L & West 233
Denver & nio G 24%
Den & Rio *5 Pf<* •••• •••• <7
E>" e 24.100 30% 2»«i 30%
Erie 1st pfd 4.000 «7V 4 W% 07
Erie 2d pfd 1.S00 52% 81% r.2>i
Great North pfd.. 160
Hock Valley » 70
Hock Valley pfd.. ..... 80
Illln>Is Central .. 500 I33ii 133 132%
Iowa Central ..... 100 21 21 20%
Iowa Central pfd.. 100 39% S0% . 30
Kan City South.. 100 23 23 21%
Kan City South pfd 3fJ
Louis & Nash SOO 105 104% 104%
Manhattan L ..... 100 134% 134% ' 134
Met Street.Ry 400 113 113 113
Minn A St. Louis • 66
Miss Pacific 10,400 94% S)3% 03H
Miss. Kan & T .. ...;. .... .... . 19%
MIks Kan & T pfd . 500 42H .42 42
Nat RK of Mex pfd DOO 41% 41 41 «£
NEW YOIIK STOCK LIST,
Nezv York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Aug. 2Q.— Nothing worthy of
comment was accomplished by to-day's meager
bidding in stock*, either In the way of dis
tribution of securities or price changes. ¦ The
.volume of dealings fell another notch toward
absolute Ftagnation with a total for the day
of only aliout 200. (KX) thareo. and the cases in
which lh* price variations I reached a point
were very few. lt was observed that the tele
phone calls on the exchange and the annun
ciator calls to members by number were extra
ordinarily few. which is regarded as evidence
that very little business originated outside the
exchange. Even the professional operators of
larger caliber are going away for delayed
vacations which have been prevented hereto
fort by the troubled state of th« market and
the smaller class of room traders have tlu
n-arket to themselves. It Is the complaint
among these that when they offer prices
down they are unable to force any renewal
or liquidation, and that they soon meet sup
porting orders, while If they attempt a turn
en the long side of Uw n:arket they are un
able to find a eatisfactory market to realize on
at any aJvar.ce in prices. The undertone of
to-day's market was heavy, but the only ap
parent reason for this was that yesterday «
movement was upward, thus taxing the limits
of the small traders In the decline. Attention
or the financial districts is centered on the
m^nry murket rather than up stocks
To-day's <ilflclal admission that the effort*
of the- Cons ilidaied Lakes Superior Compan>
to *e<-ure subscriptions to its bond issue had
railed was u«icth<"- «xample of the extreme
dlfOcutty m i-re«ont of inducing capital to
a^ume any fixed form. There l» continued
unwillingness to lend money on time and rates
aiv Ftrongly held, although there ts little de
mai.d f..r loar.a u( thl. tUm on account of th«
rxtreme .lu!lnei«H In the *tock market. There
wei* further offerings of bankers 1 finance blla
Ui the rnrelKi. exchange market to-day which 1
I^uVed a yielding lone In .pile of a hardening ;
tendency in ui»<-ountn ut London und 1 arls.
Attenil<?i. wo. attracted to the returns of the
Canadian t«u.K« fur July whirh .bow", railing
,,rr in the loan* «>» cull In the Lnlteil States
bj ISeiStoSSttaM of more thai. $14,000,000
in iweJW month... while current loan* In ihe
United Klaus wen- reduced about $'». 000.600.
ThU lull* «.. explain the pcrsistem rr.aln
tVnati<4 <-f tOC loan accounts of our uw-n bank*
!„ fare of the heavy stock market liquidation.
The marked .-treneth or silver is als.i n realure
«7th ""ltuatkm. to-day 1 * rU8 UiStt* f" »«"<«
rnarkinif Ih- l.iph.st level touched since N..
wtnbrr ©T 1001. H i* believed that the London
deaior* have *o!d tho market ajid an- now
covering, and ther.- Ui «ome special buying Tor
t»».. Kti-nch Government.
"nVb>n,i r»ark,- was «^£«J&«°" but
*te-uly Tutal sal<-» par value. $1,020,000.
V S T* advanced 1% P«r cent on the last
can.' - ;«_
Eggs continue to advance, and with two or
three exceptions all house3 now report light
stocks and a firm market. At the same time
there are a good many Eastern offering, which
tends to keep back quotations for the medium
and lower grades. Receipts of domestic are
running light.
Young America Cheese are quoted lower and
In better supply. Fiats continue in sufficient
stock to fill all current requirements and prices
show no change.
Butter remains as before quoted and the mar
ket Is featureless.
Receipts were 1P.1W0 lbs Butter. 907 ' cases
Eggs and 15.C00 lbs Cheese.
li UTTER — Creamery, 27(&2Sc; dairy. 21@26c;
store Butter. 17«?'.'0c: Eastern. 22®24c.
CHEESE — New. 12013c; Young America,
13V4??14 1^c; Easternj 15@lUc; Western. 14@15c
per ib
EGGS— Ranch 315332c for large white select
ed and 28@30c for good to choice; store. 22Vi©
27c; cold storage, 25c; Eastern, 18@23c per
dozen.
Butter, Clieese and Eggs.
I EASTERN MARKETS.
WASHINGTON
TACOMA. Aug. 2«.— Wheat— Nominal
Bluestem. S3c; club, SOc.
PORTLAND, Aug. 20.— Wheat— Walla
Walla, 7!?@S0c; bluestem, Sl<333c; valley, 81c.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
SEATTLE, Wash.. Aug. 26. — Clearings
$49:{,6Sr>: balances. $72,333.
TACOMA. Aug. 26.— Clearings. $202,050;
balances. $40.aU8.
PORTLAND. Aug. 20.— Clearings, $334,371;
balances, #315,050.
SPOKANE, Aug. 26.— Clearings, $332,626
balances, (68,402.
Northern Business.
California Stock and Oil Exchange
i Oil Stocks— Bid. Asked.
- Caribou Oil Co 75 80
Four Oil 70
Hanford OU 130 00 135 00
Home Oil 1 »tt 1 2O
Imperial OH 19 0O
Independence Oil ..... 19 M
Junction Oil 20 21
Kern Oil BOO 5 50
Lion Oil 03
Monte Cristo Oil •» 70
Monarch Oil 62 53
Oil City Petroleum 29 3o
Peerless Oil 13 50 14 OO
Reed Crude Oil 40 .41
Pan Joaquln Oil 550
Sterling OU 3 00
Thirty-three OU 8 0t>
Twenty-eight OU 3 50 4 40
Union Oil «W 00 .
United Petroleum -. WS 00
West Shore OU 3 OO 3 23
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land & Improvement.. 1 25 1 BO
Alameda Sugar 29 00
American Biscuit 8800 95CO
American District Tel
Bay Counties Power
Cal Central Gas & Electric .'..
Cal Cotton Mills 85 00
Cal Jockey Club 105 00
California Powder
Cal Shipping Co 25 00
Cal Title Ins & Trust ISO 00 14O OO
Central Bank of Oakland.... 60 00
Chutes Company 850
City and County Bank
Cypress Lawn Imp Co...... ..... 6 50
Eastern Dynamite
Ewa Sugar Plantation
Gas Consumers' Association 22 50
Honolulu Sugar 13 00 13 CO
Lcndon & S F Bank (Ltd)
Mercantile Trurt
Northern Cal Power ...'. 9 50
Nevada National Bank .....
North Shore Railroad 10 OO
Orpheum Company 15 0O
Pacific States Tel & Tel 122 50
Parafflne Paint 33 00
Postal Device & Improvement .....
San Francisco Drydock 47 00
Sausalito Land & Ferry 1« 0O
Sperry Flour Co 27 50 30 00
Standard Electric 19 00
Truckee Electric 13 25 18 00
Union Sugar 2250 .....
United Gas & Electric 34 50 .....
Western Fish Co .....
OFFICIAL SALES.
Mornlne Session.
400 Homo, » 30 ••••••.......•.«•••••• 1 IT'j
100 Homa 1 17&
800 Monarch 52
10CO Independence 17
Board—
100 Fulton 2 80
900 Home 1 17£
1300 Occidental : I*
200 Oil City Petroleum 2!>
1S05 Independent • 17 "~
10 Kern River i 11 50
1000 Lion ttl
lOOO Mcnte Cristo . ..." TO
Afternoon Session.
Board—
500 Esperanza 1 10
1000 Junction '«*. 2O
1000 Superior OH
400 Home 1 174
3C0 Home. » 30 1 171,
1i>ii> Independence, s 30 17
50 Caribou 7.1
ICO Monte Cristo «7
1C0 Monte Cristo . 6i>
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran .
Cisco Stock and Exchange board yesterday:
Morning Session. *
200 Caledonia .'..". M 100 Haie 4 Nor.. 43
300 Chollar 17 100 Ophlr 160
100 Con Cal & Va.l 55 300 Overman .... 2h
200 Crown Point.. 15 500 SUvar Hill.... 7O.
200 Gould & Cur. 31 100 Union Con .. 65
Afternoon Session.
100 Belcher 20 100 Overman .... 2T
100 Caledonia 95 100 Potosi 18
60 Con Cal & Va.1 50 20O Savage 24
100 Con Cal A Va.l 43 500 Seg Belcher... < 1«>
100 Con N Y 12 10O Union Con.... •«
200 Crovn Point.. 15 1500 Utah 20
2C0 Mexican ....1 08
ST. LOUIS. Aug. 20.— WOOL— Steady, Me
dium grades, combing and clothing. 15©21fic:
light fine.- ltl@17Vie; heavy fine, 12@16c; tub
washed, 20(?~f29'>ae.
St. Louis Wool Market.
NEW YORK, Aug. 26. — Cotton futures closed
barely steady, unchanged to 5 points higher.
Nezv York Cotton Market
The Poultry market had a little better tone,
receipts being light and the demand more act
ive. Large Fowl were otlll scarce and large
Hens and Fryers were quoted higher. Large
young Roosters, too. were in demand and
cleaned up quickly at steady prices. Prices of
small stock were unchanged, but the market
cleaned up better than for some time past. No
Eastern came in, but a car was reported close
at hand. Ganio -was in moderate receipt and
goo<l stock sold readily at previous prices.
POULTRY — Live Turkeys, nominal: Geese,
per pair. $1 25®l 50; Goslings, $1 5O*J1 75:.
Ducks. $3Q4 per dozen for old and $3®4 50
for young; Herta $4 50«S5 50; young Rooster?,
$5f6 50; old Roosters. $4 D(XS5; Fryers, $3 50^4
4 50; Broilers $3@3 50 for large and $2®2 50
for small; Pigeons^ $1 50 per dozen for old and
$1 buiiil 75 for Squabs." "¦" "'
GAME— Rabbits. $1 25@1 70 per dozen:
Hare, $1<@1 25; Wild Doves. 75c per dozen.
Poultrx and Game.
RED AND WHITE LEAD — Red Lead. 6@
OViC per lb; White Lead. C@BHc. according to
quantity.
RICE— China No. 2. $4 32\i%i 37%; No. 1.
$5 7r«Rr> 90: extra No. 1. $6 40-30 45; Haw
aiian. $4 l>0<$5; Japan, $5 35@0; Louisiana,
$4 5Og7.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. in 100-Ih bacjs:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.75c;
Powdered. 5.00c; Candy Granulated. 5.60c; Dry
Granulated, fine. 5.50c: Dry Granulated, coarse.
5.50c: Fruit Granulated. 5.50c: Beet Granulat
er (100-lb bags only), 5.40c: Confectioners* A
5.50c: Magnolia A. 5.10c: Extra C. 5c; Golden
C 4.90c: "D." 4.80c; barrels. 10c more; Half
barrels, 25c more: boxes, 00c more: 50-1 b bags,
10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half-barrels
«c; boxes. «.25c per lb. No orders taken for
less than 75 barrels or Its equivalent.
OIL — Linseed. 44c for boiled and 42c for raw
In barrels: cases, oc more: Castor Oil, in cases.
No. 1. 70c; Bakers' AA. $1 10©l 12i Lucol. 41c
for boiled and 39c for raw in barrels; Lard Oil,
extra winter strained, barrels. 90c; cases. 95c;
China Nut. 57Vi®«'2c per gallon; pure Neats
foot, in barrels, 75c; cases. gOc; Sperm, pure.
70c: Whale Oil. natural white. 50055c per gal
lon; Fish Oil. In barrels, 45c: cases. 50c; Co
coanut Oil. in barrels. 58c fcr Ceylon and 55c
for Australian.
¦ COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil in bulk.
14c: Pearl Oil in cases. 20U C ; Astral. 20~U,c;
Star, 20Vic; Extra Star, 2-Hjr; Elaine. 26 1 £c:
Eocene. 2-*.V5C; deodorized Stove Gasoline, in
bulk. 17c; In cases, 23^c: Benzine, tn bulk.
13c; In cases. -19Uc: SB-degree Gasoline. In
bulk 21c: In ca*es. 27»4c
TURPENTINE— 7Sc per gallon in cases and
72c In drums and iron barrels. ¦
Harrison's circular says: "Since the
steamer Ventura sailed there have been the
' following arrivals oft Coal from Australia, viz:
The Tcllus, 3187 tons; SHeve Bawn, 2492 tons;
i Olcnlui. 2775 tons: A.'tersrufer, 418B tons;
. Emma Laurans, 20.S0 tons: Anne de Bretag
ne. 2>SO4 tons; Wasdale, 2717 tons; Accamas.
j 31U0 ton*: Ernest* Reyer. 3263 tons: Cambus
[|kenneth. 2962 ions; Empereur Menellk. 2757
I tens: Gun:ford. 3«J50 tons; total, 36,873 tons.
; "There are at present on the chartered list
from Newcastle and Sydney, with Coal for
here, 52 vessels with a carrying capacity of
over 1G0.00O tor.s. With this amount, and the
liberal shipments now being forwarded from
British Columbia, and Washington, there is no
probability of a shortage in our fuel require
ments'for some time. The 27 vessels arriving
here from Australia within the last six weeks
have reduced the Colonial list for this port
very materially, as new names are not being
added to replace the names being taken off.
Furthermore this port is not a desirable one to
seek for outward business with 54 disengaged
ve5sels seeking charters. Then again Foreign
Coals will be dropped from the free list and
become again dutiable on January IB, 19O4.
lt is generally believed that the administration
will not modify the present situation, yet im
porters will naturally be very chary about pur
eha?lng freely until they are better informed
as to the future."
BAGS-rGratn Bags. 5@5Ke; S«.n Quenttn.
5.55c; Wool Bags, 32g35c; Fleece Ewine. 7^6'
8c; Cotton Fruit Bags, 6Hc e^c and 7 l 4c for
the three grades ; Brown Jute, ttH@7Hc.
COAL— Wellington. $3 per ton; New Wel
lington. $3; Seattle. $6 50; Bryant. $ti 50: Bea
ver Hill. J5 50; Stanford, $7; Roslyn, $7; Coos
Bay. $5 50; Greta, $7: Wallsend, $7; Rich
mond. $7 50; Cumberland. $13 in bulk and
$14 25 In sacks: Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13;
Welsh Lump. $11 50; Cannel. $8 50 per ton;
Coke, $11 50@13 per ton tn bulk and $15 In
sacks: Rocky Mountain descriptions. *¦> 45 per
2000 lbs and $S 50 per ton. according to brand.
General Merchandise.
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS
Willows — Weather renditions still favorable.
Holli5ter — Hops doing well, with prospects
of a larsrc crop. , .
PaJ«--riao — Tjiiile gr-apes are being picked and
sent to market
lliverside — Oranges doing well; grapes ripen
ing well.
Stockton — Prune picking has commenced;
crop lighter than expected.
Santa Maria — Beans ripening rather fast;
heavy tonnage; excellent beets; beuns har
vested 'laity: grain unchanged.
Napa — AVarm wt-aiher benefiting grape crop.
A. G. McADIE, Section Director.
S 2 3 2 D <
3333 *ff 2* s |
STATIONS. 3 B g 3 fl I"* f § a**
2 c erl : '¦ :
3 3 l% : : :
: c? '¦ '.""'
'. '. » S : •
Ctorerdale »4 51 Clear
Colusa 86 58 .... Clear
Eureka «X> 52 Clear N ' 8
Fresno 8S 53 Clear NW Lt.
Hanford S3 58" .... Clear
Hollister 90 4t> Clear ' W
Independence . S4 «0 Clear SE Lt.
King City S»l 42 Clear N Lt.
Livermore .... 90 47 .... Clear
1-os Angeles... 7S f.0 .... Clear W 12
Napa 90 47 .... Clear SW . .
Newman ...*... 03 SO .... Clear
Palermo D5 B0 Clear N
Porterville 92 5S Clear W
Red Bluff *sS Otf Clear N Lt.
Riverside S<> 51 .... Clear
Sacramento ..,*<> 5R Clear N~W 10
San r>ieBo 72 64 Clear W S
San Francisco. 74 52 Clear W 24
San Jo?e Bft 49 Clear
S. L. Ohispo... 74 50 Clear W Lt.
t-anta Maria... 7fi 62 Clear
Santa Ilosa S'» 47 Clear
Ptockton S3 59 Clear .... ,.
Willowg S<i 61 Clear !«; ., .
NEW YORK. Aug. 20.— Spot tin declined
17s ttd tn London to £l"it> 2s Ud. and futures
lost 10s. closing at £124. Locally tin was
about five points lower and easy, spot clos
ing at $27 70i?r28 85. Copptr was 10s lower
In London, spot closing at £58 17s Od. while
futures were .quoted at £.'¦* 2s «<1. Locally
copper was quiet and displayed rather an easier
tendency. Lake. $13 751zl3 *'¥>: electrolytic,
$13 t>2813 T5, and casting at ¥13 37%@13 50.
Lead was unchanged in London at £11 3s I'd,
and In New York at $4 2«'>. Spelter advanced
2s 6d In London to £21 2s Cd, but remained
unchanged In New York at $<5. Iron closed
at 52s ikl In Glasgow and at 40s "'jil in Mld
dlesboro. Locally Iron was quiet. No. 1 foun
dry, Northern, $17 50®lS: No. 2 do, $16 50@
17: No. 1 foundry. Southern, and ' do soft,
$1<J 50@16 78.
New York Metal Market.
Fruit and Wheat Bulletin.
For tha twenty-four hours ending 5 p. m.,
120th meridian time. San Francisco, Aug. 20:
The following quotations are for pood, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE — Steers, SS9c; Cowa and Heifers,
7@8c: thin Cows. 4@5c per lb.
CALVES — JS5WC per lb (gross weight)
SHEEP— Wethers. 4c; Ewes. 3\tt<S.iYtC per lb
(gross weight).
LAMBS— $2 73®3 per head.
HOGS — Live Hogs. 140 to 200 lbs. 6c; under
140 lbs. ."".'/.'<, r.t>,c; Sows. 20 per cent off; Boars.
50 per cent off. and Stags, 40 per cent off from
above quotations.
MUTTON— Wethers. 888%c; Ewes, 8c per lb
LAMB— 0®10c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hobs, 8V4®9%e per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
VEALr— Larse. TQHc; small, 9@10c per lb
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: •
BEEF— 6©7c for Steers and 6#Cc per lb
for Cows.
- Quotations for Hogs are again reduced, as
the packers received liberal offerings . from the
country yesterday.
, DRESSED . MEATS.
Meat Market.
¦ River Potatoes were more active yesterday,
the abundance and low prices of offerings in
sacks having stimulated the demand for enlp
»pln&-. There were very few boxes received and
the quotations were largely nominal. Salinas
Burbanks were In fair request locally, and con
tinued to bring good prices. Sweets were plen
tiful and steady at the recently reduced prices.
Onions continued plentiful and easy, tnere De
ing no Inquiry whatever for shipping.
Conditions in the Vegetable market showed
no change from the previous report, stocks be
ing ample af.d charges In prices slight. Toma
toes continued to -arrive freely and although
trading was brisk prices had a further deel ne
The bulk of the receipts of Green Corn were
poor and worm* and dragged at easy rates,
while good sound stock sold readily at full fig
ure, String. Wax and Lima Beans were abun
dant and weak. Marrowfat Squash was tr .free
supply and round lots In bulk w^te offering at
easier rates, while small parcels continutd to
sell at lc per pound from the stores. The other
Vegetables stood a« previously quoted.
POTATOES— Burbanks from the river. 65c-@
$1 Per ctl in wicks and *!@1 25 In boxes: Sa
linas Burbanks $1 S0@l 75 per ctl; Early Rose.
Sctt$l" Garner. Chiles. $1@1 15; Sweet Pota
toes. 2@2Vic per Ib.
ONIONS— 55®65c per ctl. __
VEGETABLES — Green Corn. .oc®l 50 per
sack- crates from Alameda. $1®1 75; from
nerkelev r.Oe®$l; Green Peas. C@4c per lb;
Strin* Beans. l*t«2c per lb: Wax. l%«2c;
Lima Beans Hi®2^c per lb: Tomatoes 35®
?!5o per box for river and T6«85o for bay; Sum
mer Squash. «0®4»c per box; Cabbage. <5cifm
per ctl; Carrots. 75c«$l per sack: Cucumbers.
S0®50c per box; Pickle Cucumbers, $1 23® I 50
per box for No.. 1 and 75c«$l for No. 2; Gar
lic 2®3c per lb; Green Peppers. 25igi40c per
box or sack; Green Okra. 25@40c per box;
Egg Plant. 40fi00c per box; Marrowfat Squash,
$1Q@15 per ton. -
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO.* Aug. 26. — CATTLE— Receipts,
27,000; Texans. steady; good to prime steers.
$5 30GC: poor to medium, $4@6: stockers
and feeders. $2 5004 30; cows. | $1 50@4 63;
heifers, $2@S; canners. $1 50Q2 "5; bulls, %l 76
©4 65; calves, $3 50@6 75: Texas fed steers,'
$3!g4 C5; Western steers, ?3 25@4 06.
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 32,000; to-morrow,
25,000; 10c lower; mixed and butchers. $0 10®
5 SO; good to choice heavy. '$5 30@5 63; rough
heavy, *4 90@5 25; light, $5 40©5 tJ5; bulk of\
sales. $.'. 20®5 65.
SHEEP— Receipts, 3000; sheep, steady:
lambs, steady to strong: good to choice weth
erB, S'.lif.i 70; fair to choice mixed, %2 25@3;
Western sheep, $2 7B@3 CO; native lambs, $3 50
@5 75; Western larr.s, $3@0.
ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH, Aug. 2t5.— CATTLE— Receipts,
4000; steady to 10c lower. Native, $4@5 50;
cows and heifers, $1 70@4 60; stockers and
feeders, ?:! 60@4. i
HOGS — Receplts, 9100; steady to 10c lower, j
Light. ?0 60®5 »0; medium and heavy, $5 25®
5 70.
SHEEP— Receipts 1S0O; steady.
Eastern Livestock Market.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creamery. 14®19c: dairy,
13@17c. Cheese, quiet. V^&UYtC. Eggs, firm,
14fel6c.
r'<rrr.iOion which was not conwt. It Is kl
mwt !mpo*»lble to cet along until the middle
' September without fro«t. Th»rr in Jtlno
'¦"rVDr.K in iwttx .eftloru. of Michigan Hmn«
"d <rf wrtvil or grubworni wiiich la eating
h- rine* off just above the crmind. The arre
*> originally planted tn Michigan was proha
ly Ky to tS per cent of laM B<-a«ons. New
'-^i «b.t« mm trwlicve to fcw full of acreage.
.;:. a( <, and (Vlnoni'ln thr wiihf ajt la?t >e«r
N>rc ar»- us i» well known, very few old
ianj left back- probably not 10 fK-r ceut or
' • wrre on haud Uft year October I- All
• hinri. tx-lw: true. It would i«ecm that the
rta ot beans niirhl advance to most any fig-
•• 'J was very auicb surprised by reports
'¦ora rr.> rrprescnmtUe |n the State this week
IS the very Lad conditions existing. It hax
<~n etated tfcat tt>e crop was looking favorable
md a big crcp promised. It would wem that
twe repr.rt* have either h-rn got out by
h.-rt interest lit it uudrralood that there are
10m 400 to SOO cars Octclur beaiuf eold short
. be shipped from Michigan), or cl>«e these
¦nrtl« liave been lt-U to rnaki- these t-ale« by
af-j'where nearly equal to that of lai< year.
I-iKht- frost In tome sections of Michigan has
r»>tard<d rrowth. but not killed the vines. Dur
ing the harvesting this year, which will he
along the latter ltfirt of September (should
weather be favorucle until th«n). we must l<«>k
for heavy rains caused by l»:e ~rquinootl.il
?tnrms. This wi'.l OQOM njtit rfurinc the liar
\ -»t end I much fear, from • Information at
hand, that it «•!:!• fVM further cut down the
bean rfoc for this season.
•inline la Ftocke was Intensified by artificial
::iean£. A compilation has been' made ebow
;r.g that this year's ehrinkage In securities |
Ar.10ur.ted to $2.t50,O00,O00 on a capitalization
t '. % 6.C34.000.0<X>. compared with a shrinkage of
1 1.300.000,000 and a capitalization of $4.CCv
<«A\00u in 1S<93. a year of geeneral financial dis
aster. Thus, tn a year of general prosperity, we
,*-.ave had a contraction double that incurred
la a year of adversity, only ten years ago.
Kvery one must appreciate that such an enor
isoua shrinkage m to limited a period is out
el all proportion to any changes tn conditions
,.f>rting values. Conceding that there was a
J-.:ph degre* of inflation ia l'dt'-. that the money
markets bad drifted into a. critical condition
because of «xct-ssive obligations.- and that the
stock market uas carrying a threatening mass
iA iniigwitlble -t*cunt.ie«, there were no rhanges
;m the crop, industrial, mercantile or financial
*::uaUo«s «iiat began to warrant any such tre
r: eridous decline as this. All sound opinion
agreed that, wfclle the top of the boom might
;.bm been reached, no important decline tn the
\ lurr.e cf business was in eight; and. outside
t: Wail etre«t, the tisrne oj reaction were few
tr.ti unimportant until the chilling influence of
>sr b^gan to tprtad btyond financial precincts.
I'uring the whole downward movement
th»re were rigns of powerful control, generally
• urted toward lower prices, but invariably
Ilac4 U» ciieck iiisfci-*.er at the critical momenta.
• :;riuns will, of course, vary as to the wts
0 "•- tl such use of power, but no one will
c-r.y that the financial situation as a whole
l:a; t*en greatly strengthened and clarified by
this forced liquidation, howsoever unfortunate
it r-.ay ¦ ttave proved lor the indiscreet. One
•-xi-fllent result Is the soberlnir influence of
Midi an cxjierlence, for nothing short of a
t.r.ascial cataclysm teemed able to stop the
.••jieculative. te\er that txisted among a class
at rich operators. This era of purely specula
live syndicates and ever-capitalized industrials
I* fortunately ever; It will -sriortly become a
ti.atiec of history, and that it has not in
v-'ived the country In wholesale financial dis
iirter is tinU'ly <5ue to the severe, jet not
whul'.y incensiderate. <x»ntraotlon oj credit im
i««>e<l.by our most powerful bankers.
"It is quite certain, huwever, that this sit
uation has l>e«3 ;.-.,.: advantage of by some
interests and the £ei«-efcsl.jn purposely iiro
l«.riged,' by thase uto seized the opportunity to
Faro* out certain" holdings to settle old eccre*.
¦ >! I'j check the hi«h-rol!ing tr&clivities of some
o! th«> young<=r pr«-at financkrs. uhosc rtckless
ncaa menarcd the wiioiH n.n»nclRl fabric. Kor
;ur;a:efy. • thea* <1ans»'''!» are now «H behind iis.
and a, clear un-oVrpfarxlinir of »h1*. /art" fhould j
.tii^uraef- a rettcrallon of cco*Scrire.** We are I
:it miH'rst t"'iir:B heck from the. abnormal to j
the normal, although that recovery cannot pro- ]
<-«-d without ir.terruption. us many of the
Kturks takr:i over to afslst «hose in trouble
\wil prcbaUy com%,oa the market at the higher
k-vc) !C«vertbeleea. as already stated, the!
[-(•?cuiiitiv^ lUtuation has t>een greatly Im
1 r<--. . :. arirt there is nothir.g to hinder a reoov
.i> ¦ • values to the normal, which is censider
¦U) abov« tn< preaeat level, oven tf that nor
mal 1* adjustf-.J to Jhe most ' conservative
vi, * > of the ten*ral situation."
The Eastern Bean Crop.
The New York Journal of Commerce has the
fo:io»irg tin the ¦condition of the bean crop In
th- irincipal. American and Canadian districts:
¦'In connection with t**» bean prospects a
pranSBent operator new \isittr.g tn this market
mid to-day: "Reports from Wisconsin, Michi
gan. Ntw'V'irk Btatt and Canada are very un
• favf--ob!e. In the firtt place, beans were piant-
*rom two to nix vie*k» late in most every
mw. The weather lias b«-en cold and wet. In
tr- State of Michigan with thirty days of fa
»orab!« weathtr they mlgfet get M per cent of
tfcr crop. If the coM. wet weather continues
fur. another two weeks, this »'i:l be cut down.
la many eec.ions of low. level land, whole
fields are entirely washed out and are worth
less. The beans that have done well as far a3
jjrowth is cowerned bin; net podded, which is
due to the cold weather. Beans mui>t havp
from S3 to 10U degree* nf tviat to ripen, and
th»y have had frxra CO tfl '*) degrees for the
liLe'l ten days, richt !:i the most 'critical time,
mhich -»¦ when the bean is in bloom. Tbls <¦"!¦'.
wather prevents any deitlopment and. instead
r>: rraklng jjods the ljlt*»«m die« and drops ol.
*¦ 'Personal investigation shows that the
vines ii*ve only from thr«*e to twelve pods as
a rule, where Ifcst year tittf ran from forty to
w.cnty-five. There are. r-f course, exceptional
j id ¦«« tl;is year. a« always where ever>'thlng
l«vVs more favorable, but no^^hers'ta podding
It Js now quite evident that the late heavy
' Xezv York Banker Says the Rc
ccnt Stock Decline Was
Engineered.
Tne New York circular of Henry Clews
ays:
THETRUTH COMING OUT.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Thursday;
light northerly wind, changing to brisk west
erly, with fog.
A. G. McADIE. District Forecaster.
Northern California— Fair Thursday; light
northeast winds In the interior; brisk westerly
winds on the coast, with fog.
Southern ' California — Fair Thursday,
warmer; freeh southwest wind.
Nevada — Fair Thursday; warmer.
The pressure has risen rapidly over the
Rocky Mountain region. The temperature has
fallen decidedly over Utah, southern Idaho and
Wyoming. At Salt Lake City there has been
a fail in temperature of 20 degrees in 24 hours.
The weather is somewhat warmer In the great
valley of California, but still relatively cool
for the reason. /
No rain has fallen tn California.
High winds prevail in southern Utah.
.Forecast made at San Francisco for 80 hours
ending midnight August 27:
Arizona — Generally fair Thursday and Fri
day.
FORECAST.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
- HIDES AND SKINS — Culls, and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy :. Salted
Steers, 10c; medium. 9c; light, 8c; Cow
Hides, 8c for heavy and 8c>-for light;
Stags. 6c; Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal. 0%c:
Salted Calf. 10c: dry Hides, 16c; dry Kip. 13c;
dry Calf, 18c; Sheepskins, rhearlings. 25030c
each; short wool, 40@50c each; medium. 700
90c; long wool. $1@1 50 each: Horse Hides,
salt, $2 75 for large and $2 25^2 60 for me
dium, ?2 for small and 50c for Colts: Horse
Hides, dry. ?1 "5 for large and $1 50 for me
dlum, fl®l 25 for small and 50c for Colts.
Buck Skins— Dry Mexican. 32%c. dry *alted
Mexican, 26c; dry. Central American, -32%c-
Goat Skins — Prim* Angoras. 75c: large and
smooth." 5Oc; medium,- 35c;- small. 2Oc.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4%©4«4c p«»r lb:
No. 2. 4S4%c; grease. 2%f?3c.
WOOI*— Fall cIId — San Joaquln Lambs'. 9®
12c; Foothill. lOfllSc; Middle County. ll®13c.
Quotations for spring clip are as follows: Hum
boldt and Mendoclno. lS(P20c; Nevada. 13@15c;
Valley Oregon, 'fine. 18@10c: do, medium. 17@
18c: do coarse, 16@17c per lb.
HOPS — 20©21c per lb for both 1002 and 1903
Hides,: Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Beans and Seeds.
In regard to the report printed yesterday that
the Bean crop conditions in the East were un
favorable an extract from a New York trade
paper published in the first column, wlir be
found* of Interest. Local dealers yesterday
wired East to ascertain If the crop damage re
ports were correct. ¦ ..'. , v.
New Blackeye and large Whites have ap
peared from the' river, the former being quoted
at $2 50 and the latter at $2 CO .
• BEANS— Bayos. $3; Pea |J 25; Butters.
US 25: umall White. J2 75<R3 05; large White,
$2 50@2 75; Pink. $275@2 00; Red. $2 90@3:
Lima $3 &©.V40: Red Kidneys. nominal;
Blackeye. $2 50@2 65 per ctl; Horse Beans.
SEEDS-^Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $1 70@l 90; Canary.
5&5Vic for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape,
l^lWc: Timothy, 6©6%c; Hemp. 3%@3%o
per lb; Millet. 3@3%c; Broom Corn Seed, $2O@
" 3 D P RIE t D n PEAS— Green. $1 S0@2 per ctl.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, firm;
No. 2 red wheat, 70%#81%c; No. 2 corn, 50%c;
No 2 yellow, 62c; No. 2 oats, 32%c; No. 3
white. 35@35%c; No. 2 rye. 51%653%c; good
feeding barley, 4Sc; fair to choice malting. 51 J£
52c: No. 1 flaxseed, 97%c: No. 1 Northwestern,
$1 01%; prime timothy seed. $3 16; mess pork,
per bbl. $12 62%<S12 63; lard. per 100 lbH.
$8 07%@S 10; short ribs sides (loose), $7 37%@
7 62%; dry salted shoulders (boxed), 6%@7c;
short clear sides (boxed), 7%@7%c; clover, con
tract grade. ?10 25. •
/Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Klour. barrels 24,100 15.900
Wheat, bushels 253.400 U0.500
Corn, bushels 358.450 245.000
Oats, bushels 331.800 1 79,000
Rye, bushels 39,000 ......
Barley, bushels 36,300
F&CH6«. — — P & O R 6.-. — —
Geary-st 5s. — — PoweM-st «5a. — —
H C & S 6%s — — S E O&R 5s. — 104
H C & S 5s. 97%!0O SF & SJV6S.119 120
Hon RT6s. — — SRofC 6».U1% —
L A Elec 5s. — — S P of A «s
L A Ry 6s. — — 1906> ....107% —
L & L C «a. — — < 19101 108% —
Do gtd 6s. -!¦ — S P of C 6s
Do gtd 5s. — — (1905)Sr A. — —
LAP lem 5s. — — (1005)Sr B. — —
Mkt-st C 6s. — — (1906) 107%—
Do lem 5s. —117% fl»12) — . —
NRC(of O«s. — — (S P C Ice 5s — —
NRC(of C)5s — 119 / Do stmpd. — —
NPC R R Ss.lOS 1O8V4 S P B R «s. — —
NCPC5S.— — SV Wat 69.IOS 108%
N C R 5a... — — Do 4s 2dm. 99%100
N S R 53 96 — Do 4s 3dm. 99!, —
O G L H 5s. — — Stkn G&E 6s — —
O T Co 6s... — — U G & E 5a. — . — *
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa, — 60 IPort Coata. . — —
Marln Co ..7— — |8pring Val.. 835i 89
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P.. 4% 5 I Sac EO4R- —
Eqult Gas .. — — |S F G tc E. 6« 67
Mutual E L. 13% 14%[S K Gas ... — —
Pac G Imp.. 52% 63V4 Stkn O & E. — —
Pac Lighting 65% — [UOtE — .'.^:/ t
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F O & E. 66 69 /
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd. — —
BANK STOCKS.
Am Natl Bk. — 127% L P & A .. — —
Anglo-Cal .. — — Mer Trust ..200 230
Bank of Cal. — — Merch E* . . — —
Cal Safe Dp. — — S F Nationl — —
First Nationl — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L. . — — Sav & L So. 95 105
Hum S & L. — — Sec Sav Bk.. — —
Mutual Sav. — — Union T Co.. — —
S F Sav U. — — «
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — — [Presidio 33 43
Geary — — '
POWDER.
Giant - «8 ;Vl«ortt — BH
SUGAR.
Hana. P Co.. 1 2% KHauea 3 C. — —
Hawaiian C. 43 44 Makawell C. 21% —
Honokaa S C 13 14 Onomea. S C. 25 30
Hutch S P C 13% 14 Paa-uhau S C 14% —
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.145%148 .Oceanic S Co — —
Cal Fruit A» — — f,* 6 £*,¦*;• ~" ~~
Cal Wine As 07% — I Pac C Borx. — —
Moraine Session.
Board— „. „
5 California Wine Association 9S 6O
50 Hawaiian Com & Sugar £* »
50 Pacific Gas Imp »- w
25 Pacific Gas Imp »- -*
5. Spring Valley Water...... » 50
10 Trus Certfs S F Gas & Elec.... 65 5O
$3000 Spring Valley «¦•••• ¦ g»»
$400O Spring Valley 4s <2<i mtge) 80 •»
$1000 Spring Valley 4s (3d mtge) 100 00
Street — . „. _ rt
$1CCO Los Angeleg Ry 5s.... }]* »O
i'-fJOO Northern Ry of Cal 6s 119 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
6O Giant Powder Co. s 90 «7 CO
10 Giant Powder Co 07 vt
CM) Mutual Electric Light 14 CO
35 Mutual Electric Light 13 8,%
5 Pac Gas Imp p- *>¦
$2000 Sprinsr Valley 6s 1|« 1-%
$6000 Spring Valley 4s (2d mtge) 99 »5
$1000 Spring Valley 4s (3d mtge) 100 OO
S25 Mutual Electric Light 14 0»>
30 Mutual Electric Light...: 14 12%
10 S F Gas A Electric Co 6« 5O
50 Spring Valley Water (cash).... 85 SO
$5000 S P of Cal 6s (1906) .107 80
$5000 Spring Valley 4s (2d mtge) 99 7o
LARD— Tierces quoted at "%e per lb for
compound and 10©10%c for pure; half barrels,
pure. 10%@10%c; 10-lb tins, . 10%©llc; 5-10
tins, ll%c;.3-Ib tins.. ll%c.
COTTOLENE — One half barrel. 8%c: three
half- barrels. 9%c; one tierce. »%c; two tierces,
9Hc; five tierces, 9%c per lb. ¦ . • , .
There is no further change to report, either
here or at Western packing Doints.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 12 %c p«r ib for
heavy, 13c for light medium, 13c for light.
15%c for extra light, 17%c for sugar-cured and
18%c for extra sugar-cured; Eastern sugar
cured Hams, 15%c; California Hams. 15%o:
Mess Beef, $11 5O@12 per. bbl; extra Mesa. $12
@12 50; Family. $13 60; prime Mess Pork. $19;
extra, clear,- $25;. Mess. $20: Dry Salted Pork.
12%c; Pig Pork. $28; Pigs* Feet, $5 25;
Smoked Beef, 15c perlb. '
Provisions.
btupment of $68,540 tn specie to Hongkong.
Another marked advance in Silver. Exchange tincjtangcd.
AVtc York stock market about the same.
Rather more doing in local stocks and bonds:
Wheat buyers and sellers apart in their views.
Cash Barley zveaker, but futures firmer.
Oats and Rye as previously quoted.
Liberal supplies of Western Corn headed this 1 way.
Nezv Beans appear from tlvc river.
Eggs continue to advance. Butter and Cheese about as before.
Provisions shozv little change anyivhcre.
Quotations for live Hogs again reduced.
Xo further change in Hay or Feedstuffs.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables about as before.
Fresh Fruits in ample supply for all requirements.
Wheat No. 2 —
September (old). 80% 80% 80%, 80%
September (new) 60% 80% 80% 80%
December (new) 81% 82% .81% 82%
May, 83% 84% S3% 84?s
Corn No. " —
September 50% . 61 50% 60%
December 50% '61% 60% 61%
May 51% 61% 50% 51%
Oats No. 2 —
September 34% 34% 34% 34%
December 35% 36% 35% 36%
May 37% 38 .37% 33
Mess Pork, per bbl —
September 12 65 12 65 12 62% 12 65
October 12 75 12 85 12 S5
May 13 00 13 06 13 00 13 05
Lard, per 100 lbs— i^-'-, „
September A... 8 15 8 22% 8 12% 8 20
October ...X... 1 57% T 62% 7 57% 7 62%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
September 7 60 7 70 7 60 7 67%
October 7 72% 7 80. 7 70 7 77%
January 6 60 6 02% 6 5,7% « 60
EVAPORATED APPLES — The market con
tinues quiet and rather weak in the absence
of important demand with- outside prices ex
treme. Common, 4@5>4c: prime. 5%@6c;
choice. «>4@<0MjC, and fancy, 6%@7%c.
PRUNES — Spot prunes steady to firm at un
changed prices; 4 to 7c for all grades.
APRICOTS — Continue in good demand and
are firm. New crop choice, 9'4©0%c; old
choice, S'4@S%c; fancy. 12c.
PEACHES — Quiet but steady; choice. 7@
7%c; extra choice, 7%0Sc.
DRIED FRUITS,
WHEAT— Receipts. SI ,'100.1 Spot 'firm. No.
,2 red. .V>%e elevator anil X7"-4<_' f. o. b. nfloat;
No. 1 Northern Duluth. W/ic f. o. i>. afloat;
No. 1 hard Manitoba. 03 %c f. o. b. afloat-
The earlv wheat market whs firm r.nd higher
on unexpet-tedly Strong Liverpool rnhle? reflect
ing bad weather In ili>» United Kingdom. Ex
port runiorc. ccverins and showers In the
Northwest aiso hntl an effect. Ihe market clos
ing ratber Ftning nt %(-• net udvance. Maj,
S'TitiS^^c. clope.l SSvio: September. 8(J%@
$7V><\ closed S7%c; December, t>0 0-lli@S7 7-l(ic,
clo?ert S7^c.
HOF'S— Firm. State and Pacific Coast com
mon to choice 1902, 19®23%cj 1901, 14®17c:
old. Ioi612c.
HIDES and PETROLEUM— Steady.
WOOL— Quiet.
PUG AI*— Raw, firm: refined, firm.
COFFEE — Quiet.' Futures closed \net un
changed to 1U points lower. Hal<-«: 10S.000
liaKS. including September. $3 70: , October,
$:; t>0; November. $:: 85^3 00; December, $4 30.
NEW YORK. Aug. 26. — FLOUR— Receipts.
15,.*.C<J; ex)iorts. 12.407. Fairly nctlve and firm.
New York Grain and Produce.
Ccns for money... 90% N Y Central 125
Cons for account. K0%|Nor & Western .. 64%
Anaconda 4%;Nor & West pfd. 00
Atchison 64%iOntaiio & West.. 24%
AtchlFnn pfd 02 Pennsylvania ... 04
Bait & Ohio 85 Rand Mines 10%
Canadian Pacific. 12'.i% Reading 2M%
Cries & Ohio So Reading 1st pH. 41%
Chic G Westn 17% Reading 2d pfd.. 35
C. M & St y 145% Southern Ry 23%
De Beers 20^ 1 Southern Ry pfd. S7
Den & Rio Gr.. 25% (Southern Pacific 46%
D & R G pfd SO Union Pacific ... 7s
Erie 31-%! Union Pacific pfd. 80
Erie 1st pfd 6S7JU S Steel 2H%
Erie 2d pfd 54 jU S Steel pfd ~2%
Illinois Central.. 137%; Wabash 23
Louisvl & Nash..l<w i Wabash pfd 37%
Mo. K & Tex *-'0%!
Bar silver, uncertain. 2<i 3-16d per ounce.
Money. 1 %<f 1% P*r cent. The rate of discount
In the open market for short bills is 2% per
tent and for three months" bills 2% per cent.
Monoy — ¦ I Mining —
Call loans 4%<J5 | Adventure r.
Time loans ...5 ©tJ Allcuez 5.14
Bonds — Amalgamated 47%
Atchison 4s 97% Daly West 40
Gas lsts 7 Blnuham 26
Railroads — Calumet <fe Hecla.450
AtchiBon B2%.Centennial 21
Atchieon pfd .... SS^, Copper Rangn ... 64 ¦
Boston & Albany. 24'.» Dominion Coal .. SO
Boston & Maine. 167 Franklin s^
¦Boston Elevated. l:«7 Isle Royala 7
N Y. N II & H...195 Mohawk 43V.
Fitchburg pfd ..134 Oid Dominion ... 10
Union Pacific 75% Osceola 01%
Miscellaneous — Parrot 20'^
American Sugar. .116 Qulncy 00
Am Sugar pfd ..11*% Santa Fe Copper.llS
Am Tel & Tel 133 Tamarack 10t)
General Electric. .Iti2 ,Trirnountaln M
Mass Electric 21% Trinity 74
Mass Else pfd... "!» (United States ... 1!)%
United Fruit 94 Utah 27
U S Seel 22%! Victoria :J%
U S Steel pfd ... 70V4iWinona 04
West'house com . . S.J i Wolverine 72
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS
U S ref 2s, reg...lO6% L & N unl 4s.'.... 0S%
Da coupon 106% Mexican Cent 4s.. 73%
Do 3s. reg 106% Do 1st ino 106%
Do coupon 106 rx Minn & St L 4s.. 07"»
Do new 4s, reg. 134 M. K & T 4a !>«'
Do coupon 134 . Do 2ds Ti l j\
Do old 4s. reg.. 10!) N Y Cen gen 3%. 95%
Do coupon ' .109 N J Cen gen 6s.. 127%
Do 5s. reg 101% North Pacific 4s.. 100%
Do coupon 101% I Do 3s Tl
Atchison gen 4s.. 99% N & W con 4s... »a«4
Do adj 4s 88%; Heading gen 4s.. &4%
Bait & Ohio 4s.. m>% StL & I M con 5s. Ill
Do 3%s l»2 iSt Li & 6 F* 4s.. 02
Do conv 4s 97 St L S W lsts... 04
Can Southern 2ds. 107 Do 2ds 73%
Central of Ga 5s. 104% S A & A P 4s.. 75
Do 1st ine 74 ! South Pacific 4s.. 80%
nies & Ohio 4%s. 102% | Southern Ry 5s.. 113%.
Chi & Alton 3%s 7M%;Texas & Par lnts.114
C, B & Q new 4s. 91%; T. St L & W 4s.. 72
<\ If&StP gen 4s. 103 j Union Pacific 4s.. 09%
C & N W con 7s. 130%) Do conv 4s 04%
C. R I & P 4s.. 09%i Wabash lsts 114
Chlcwo Terra 4«. . 75 Do 2ds l(4U
("CO & StL gen 4s 95 Do deb B . 08%
«'olo & South 4s.. S3 \\>st Shore 4S...1O1H4
LX?n & Rio G 4s.. 9S% Wheel & L E 4s. 00
Erie prior Hen 4s. OCVi [Wisconsin Cen 4s. K*%
Do Ke.ii 4s 72-. Con Tob 4s 5t;%
Ft Wife D C lsts. 101 C.F & I.. SO
Hocking Val 4%s.lO4 Manhattan 101%
Rock Island .->.. 74 r U S Steel ... S7%
Pennsylvania .... 95% .¦ ¦¦¦"'
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 10 Little Chief 00
Alice . 17 Ontario 6 00
Kreece 15 Ophir 1 f»5
Brunswick Con.. 5 Phoenix OS
Comstock Tunnel 7 Potosi 15
Con Cal & Val ..140 Savage 22
Horn Silver 1 00 Sierra Nevada... 60
Iron Silver 1 BO Small Hopes ... tti
Lcadville Con .. 02 Standard 175
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
N Y Central 1,600 121% 120% 121 M
Norfolk & West 100 64 Vi C4 62%
Norfolk & West pfd 86
Ont & Western ... 2.300 24% 22% 23%
Pennsylvania 1,100 124% 123% 124%
P. C. c & St L.. : 62%
Reading 9,600 65% 65% 65Vi
Reading 1st pfd 7SJ4
Reading 2d pfd 68
Rock Island 6,300 28% 27% 27%:
Rock Island pfd.. 100 65 65 64 &
St L & S F 1st pfd 65
St L & S F 2d pfd 300 61% 60 60%
St L Southwest... 100 16% 15% IB^i
St L Southwest pfd 300 34 33M, 33%
St Paul 13.400 142 140ft 141
St Paul pfd ' 172
South Pacific 51,600 48% 44% 44%
Southern Ry 11,200 22% 22% 22%
Southern Ry pfd .. 200 84% 84% 84%
Texas & Pacific , .... ;26
Tol. St L & W , 20
Tol, St L & W pfd 28%
Union Pacific 10,200 76 73% "5%
Union Pacific pfd 86
Wabash 800 22% 22% 21%
Wabash pfd 2.000 30% 35% 35%
Wheeling & L E 16
Wisconsin Central . 100 18% 18% 1»
Wisconsin Cent pfd 38%
Express Companies —
Adams 222
American ISO
United States • .... 105
Wells-Fargo 200
M Iscel laneous—
Amal Copper 29,900 49 47% 47%
Am Car & Fdy.... GOO 32 32% 32
Am Car & Fdy pfd 1,100 83 83 82
Am Linseed Oil 9%
Am Linseed Oil pfd 32
Am Locomotive I 19
Am Locomotive pfd 84
Am Smelt & Refg.. 1,900 45% 45 ' 44%
Am S & Refg pfd.. 200 00 P0 89%
Am Sugar Refining 1.600 116% 115% 115%
Anaconda MIn Co.. .400 80 79 79
Brooklyn Rap Tran 44%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. .600. 53 61 50
Col & Hock Coal 14^
Consolidated Gas .. 200 17S 177 17SVs
General Electric .. 100 163 163 162%
Internatl Paper 12%
Iriternatl Paper pfd 100 66% 66% 6*5%
Internatl Pump 35
Internatl I'ump pfd 72
National Biscuit 37^i
National Lead .... 14%
North American .. 100 77% 77% 77 Vi
Pacific Mall 20%
People's Gas 100 04% 94%. 94%
Pressed Steel Car 42
Pressed St Car pfd . .... 80%
Pullman Palace Car 218
Republic Steel 11 «i
Republic Steel pfd 66
Rubber Goods 600 15% 14% 15Vi
Rubber Goods pfd. 100 71 71 70
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 100 41% 41% 41%
IT S Leather 500 7% 7 7%
n S Leather pfd 81
U S Rubber 13
IT S Rubber pfd ' 40*4
TT S Steel 6,000 224 222% 222%
IT S Steel pfd.... 7.600 70% 70£ 70%
Western Union 1,700 83% 83% S3
Total sales 204.7C0
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. Aug. 2G.— Bond transactions.
United Railroads of San Franilsco: 900U at
$78 25; 5000 at $78; 5000 at $78 50.
NEW YORK BONDS.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
lb; 3-crown. 5%c; 4-crown. 6c; Seedless, looso
Muscatels. 5c; Seedless Sultanas, 5c; Seedless
Thompsons. 6%c; 2-crown London Layer*,. 20
lb boxes, $140 per box: 3-crown. $1 5O: 4
crown fancy clusters, 20-lb boxes. $2: 2-crown
Dehesas, 20-lb boxes, $2 50; 6-crown Imperials.
20-lb boxes. $3; Seeded, f. o. b. Fresno, fancy.
1-lb cartons, 7%c: choice, 7%c.
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshel!. 12%©13e;
No. 2. lOViSUVbc: No. 1 hardshell. ll%@12c:
No. 2. lo@lo%c: new Almonds, ltc for Nonpa
reils, 10%c for I X L. lOYtC for Ne Plus Ul
tra and 8%c for Languedoc; Peanuts, 5ig7c
for Eastern; Pecans, ll«13c; Cocoanuts, $4 50
®5.
HONEY— Comb. new. 12%@13%c for white
and lie for amber: new water white extracted.
5H06c; light amber extracted. 54?5%c; dark.
.BEESWAX— 27@29c per Ib.
or 1000 less than for the week preceding. The
cry for cars is not heard as much, 'so it l«
quite evident that many districts are being
somewhat cleaned up. From Holllster and Llv
ermore comes the report that almost everything
is under cover and Contra Costa County re
ports practically all the available storage room
filled, also that the amount to yet be marketed
from the fields is comparatively small. Stock
ton reports that there is yet a good bit of hay
to be marketed, but thin district seems to
stand alone in thU respect. It would seem
from this that the present range of prices can
not continue but for a short time and that as
soon as the fields* are entirely cleaned there
should be a sharp advance in prices. • . •
"Export trade has been a bit quiet during tne
past week pr two but the country demand con
tinues quite active in ail sections. It is from
this latter trade that we may expect consider
able business throughout the entire year.
"Choice Wheat Hay is still in good demand
here and in not very great supply. Some occa
sional cars are being sold at an advance over
the regular quotations."
BRAN— *244«25 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $27@30 per ton.
SHOUTS— $24(g25 per toa «.,,—,«
¦ . FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled B arle y> J2*@£* < P k'
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. *2C@26 W: Job
bing $27fi27 50; Cocoanut Cake, $21022;
Corn Meal, $33 50034 60; Cracked Corn. $34®
35; Mixed Feed. $23@24; Horse Beans. $28@30
Wheat $11(314 50. with sales' of extra
choice at $1»? Wheat and Oat. $11@13 60; Oat.
S10C13- Wild Oat. $9 50@ll 50; Barley. $9@ll;
CloyVr. $8 BOCll: Stock. $SQ9; Alfalfa. . $8©
10 80 per ton. -. ...
STRAW— 40@C5c per bale. .' • ¦ -
corn pit. September was up >%@J.Jc a t 50%c
after aelllng between 60%@5034 and 51c. De
cember closed %c higher at 61. to 51 He, rang
ing between 60% to 50%c and 61Jic. ,
There waa a rather strong market in oats,
notwithstanding by the leading long holder,
the strength being partly due" to the ; strong
tone In wheat and partly to good shipping de
mand and decreasing receipts. September
closed "Vic higher at 34% to 34%c, after rang
ing between 34^@34i4o and 34%c. December
closed tt@Kc higher at 30®36%c.
Provisions were firm early on buying by
packers, but later, there was scattered selling
with little support, final prices being un
changed at yesterday's clcee. I
The leading futures ranged aa follows;
THE SAN FBiAKCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 27, 1903.
STOCK MARKET.
Continued on Face Thirteen.
No further changes in Feedstuff* are noted.
The circular of Somers & Co. says of Hay:
"Shipments have been decreasing somewhat
during the past week, the total being 4500 tons.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
CHICAGO. Aug. 28. — The weather here and
abroad exerted much influence on the wheat
market, and this, together with strong outside
markets, created an urgent demand. There
was an absefrce of heavy selling orders, and
while profit taking on the moderate advances
prevented any soaring, the bullish feeling- in
creased throughout the session, finally prices
being about best. September opening at KOVi
to 80%c, % to %c better, than yesterday's
close, advanced with but a temporary break
to 80%c. until It touched 60%c, Just before
the cloae,' which was a shade easier at 80%@
80%c. a gain of %©%c. December closed- a
quarter cent higher at 82%c Both the North
west and Southwest were buyers In this mar
ket. Cash markets were all strong.
. Predictions of cold weather in the corn belt
following yesterday's heavy rains. caused free
covering and resulted in » firmer tone in the
Chicago Grain Market.
FLOUR— California Kamlly Extras. $4 60®
4 86. unual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 6O©4 CO:
Oregon and Washington, $'J l>04?4 20 per bbl
lor family and $3 90@4 40, for Uakers.
: MILLSTUFFS—Priees In packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 50 per 100 lbs; Rye
Flour, $3 25: Rye Meal. $3: . Rice Flour. $7;
Corn Meal, $3 60: extra cream do. $4 25: Oat
Groats, 94 50: Hominy. $4 l r i«4 50; Buckwheat
Flour. $4 50@4 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 75: Fa
rina. S4 60; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 75: Rolled
Oats, bbls, 57® S 60: In sacks, $0 5008 10;
Pearl Barley, $6; Split Peas, boxes, $7; Green
Peas. |5 CO per 100 lbs.
i : /oi/r a;^ Millstuffs.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
11
AUCTION SALES
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE
COMTRACTOR'S OUTFIT,
¦ - Consisting of
35 good work horses, ranging In weight front
1350 to 1600 rounds. 5 to 8 rears old; 3 good
driving hones, wasrons, harness etc
AT NINETEENTH AND HARRISON STS.
FRIDAY. August 23. at 11 a. m.
This stock must be sold without limit or
reserve. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
• >~' ¦*¦- Office 327 Sixth it.TH"E SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 27, 1903.
12
, HKIiP WASTED— FEMALE— Con.
A LAUNDTtESS $30; laundress, institution,
$25; woman with a child $20; ranch cook,
$25; cook, $35' 4 cooks, $30 each; 3 second
girls $25 «ach; nurseglrl, $15. MRS. NOR-
813 Sutter at.
A — 3 NURSES mental cases, $30. country in-
stltutlon. C. R. HANSEN A CO.. 420 Bush.
A— COOK, 3 weeks' work; private family «f
3: aee party here at noon to-day; best Of
wagea. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 429 Bush stX
_____ " *
MIDDLE-AGED women to ¦*- buttons on
shirts by hand: steady work. LBVI
STRAUSS & CO.. 881/4 Fremont at.; take ele-
vator; aee Mr. Henehaw.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work oa fnilt
and cannlns: Bteady work; highest wages.
Apply California Canneries Co.. Brannan
st., between Third and Fourth.-
6BWINO MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS- NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY;
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS - CO.'8
FACTORIES. 32H FREMONT ST. AND 1873
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
jr_ ___Z
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit; steadr
employment: day and piece work: highest
wagea. CODE-POHTWOOD CANNINO CO..
Bryant and Tenth.
A— Girls to learn millinery now for fail season;
both seasons taught from start to finish la ona
month for $10; positions aa trimmers. Bales-
ladles, etc., guaranteed at $10 Fer week up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton St., r. 18.
WANTED— Experienced dry goods wrapper.
Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS'.
WANTED— Flrst-class Jacket alteration hand.
Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.'
WANTED — Panta operators; union worKahop;
union wageo. Apply 27 Geary St., S. N.
WOOD & CO. _J
AN experienced mender: also girls to wind yarn
and apprentlcea to learn to knit. Apply J. J.
PFISTER KNITTING CO.. 412 Polk at.
FIRST-CLASS vent maker for country. _APPly
between 11 and 1 REISS BROS. & CO.. 24
Sutter st.
STITCHERS, experienced table hands and be-
ginners wanted. CALIFORNIA LITHO CO..
618 Clay Bt. -__
WANTED — Apprentices and makers for trim-
ming department. Apply UNION HAT CO.,
578 Mission »t.
EXPERIENCED lady cashier; state experi-
ence, salary expected, etc. Addreea box 2434
Call offlce. \
TEACHERS wanted now; all subjects; dis-
trict schools especially. 513 Parrott bldg.,
Sar. Franclfeo.
WANTED — A competent cook: amall family;
wagea $.10; references required. Call 1240
O'Farrell at. ,
RELIABLE girl for general housework; wages
$30. Call before 2 p. m. 1005 Broadway, near
Octavla. _^
A LADY of Indomitable energy to make money
and a convincing talker. F. PERSON. 477
and 4TS Parrott building. ¦
HONEPT woman to do housework; $12 to $15
a month. UVi Folsom gt. "
A OHIL who understands German cooking;
! small wash. Apply before 1. 194H California.
WANTED— Washwoman to take wash. home.
Call 843 Ashbury. between 9 nnd,10 a. m.
YOUNG elrl to nsolst with general housework
and cooking. Call 9 to 12. 1713 Geary «t.
GIRL for general housework: may sleep home
If desired. 1033 - Market St.. upstairs.
WANTED— Girl, cooking and light housework.
Apply this morning. 210» Washington st.
LADY piano player for country; must be
singer. Apply room B. Hancock House.
A GIRL for second work. German or Scandi-
navian preferred. Call at 2623 California et.
DIGNIFIED experienced traveler for wholesale
houne. Box 2440. Call offlce.
NEAT girl; must bA experienced cook; light
washing; wages $30. 11S0 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— Chambermaid and to assist wait-
ing; wages $25. Hotel Miramar, 703 Geary.
YOUNG clrl for light housework; no cooking:
$10. i:;o7 Jackson sK
GIRL for general housework, $25. Cull morn-
ings or«Tter7p : rn^9«7_JHl£W8£d_8t.
WANTED — Flrst-clasa corset woman; one car
pable of selecting goods and taking charge
of stock; state age, experience and salary
expected. Apply box 2428. Call offlce.
WANTED— Pants flnlaher*. union shop and
union wagep. Apply at 27 Geary st., S. N.
WOOD & CO. .•
WANTED— Experienced alteration hands on
suits and skirts. STRAUSS & FROHMAN.
107 Post su
WANTED — Flrst-claoa millinery maker; aalary
$15 per week; .state experience. Box 1091,
Call office.
GIRLS— About 15. for factory work; good
whges; apply at once. AMES & HARRIS,
It.'.' fcavramentc st.
ITALIAN lady who can speak English wanted
to travel. Apply Girls' Directory. Central
ave. and Waller st.
WANTED— First-class millinery maker. Apply
between » and 11 a.- m. at HALE BROS.'.
• YOUNG girls to work on gloves: wages from
start. CARSON GLOVE CO.. 123 Second st.
OVERSTITCH ellker on gloves; permanent po-
sition. CARSON GLOVE CO.. 123 Second st.
APPRENTICE for hair business at G. LEDER-
ER'S. 123 Stockton st.
APPRENTICES— Neat sewers, ladles' tallor-
lng; paid while learning. HOENIG, 810 Post.
WANTED — A flrst-class tailore*s to work on
custom coats. 246 Sutter. room 17, 2d floor.
EXPERIENCED talloress on fine custom coats;
steady work; good pay. 533 Natoma st.
BRIGHT lady or gentleman for permanent po-
sition; salary J5O. 302 Callaghan bldg.
WANTED — 2 ladles to travel with Rlngllng'a
fhow;^nust be stout. Box 2430, Call.
GIRL for light housework and plain cooking.
Apply 1645 McAllister St.. between 0 and 12.
WANTED — An experienced girl to pack candy.
D. J. BAUM. 1144 Howard et.
FIRST-CLASS button-hole maker on custom
coats; steady .work. 40 Ellis st.. rooms 43-44.
TWO first-class finishers on pants. 260 Clem-
entina st., upstairs, third floor.
SEVERAL salesladies for dry roods store In
the Mission. Pox 2414. Call office.
A NURSE girl to take care of a baby. French
Laundry. 1233 Pacific at.
LADY agents on salary. Call 9-to 5. offlce 80.
Columbian building, 816 Market st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 22OO Fillmore.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has . been established at 1080
Valencia st
HELP WAXTED— MALE.
wanted — Educated ; young Kan" to learn our
business and take responsible position when
qualified: $900 per year; nr*t-class references
required. Stoddard - Lectures, 210 Examiner
building.
MAX to do Janitor work for tuition In S. F.
Barber School. 741 A Howard st.
SAILORS and ordinary beamen for Europe and
Australia. ¦ HERMAN'S. ; 2« Steuart sU<
HELP WA.\TED-—M.tLC— Con.
AT^CALIFORNIA EM PLOYM EJtTa GENC Y.
50 Third St., nr. Call itkls. ; phone Bush 405.
NEVADA— —FREE FARE— -NEVADA
200 laborers. Southern Pacific's con work,
; new Job, $- a i!av; $IS board.
i We ship every day.— Free Fare.
f HOPS. HOPS. HOP PICKSii.S.
We ship Wednesday. Thuraday a:id Friday;
pay $1 P<r hundred; far- $1 50; tee fl; 100
men, women and children.
1 S. P. CO.'S OWN WORK-
FREE FARE— FREE FARIC.
10 section hands, $1 «<» and $t 7o a day.
FREE FaVe— OREGON.
7 miners, $1 a ton.
2 miner:-, single-hand, $3 a day.
FREE FARE— NEAR CITY.
5 laborers. $2 23 a d»v
.1 single-hand miners, fl o»_ a tiav.
6 muckers, same mine, $2 25 a day.
SAWMILL AND WOODSMEN.
2 timber fellers. $60 a month ami board.
8 crosscutters. $5O a month ami b..ar<i.
,S swampers. $40 a month and beard.
4 mill and yard men. $45 month and boanJ.
10 men for Humboldt Co. to pile lumber. !M0
and board, fare advanced.
2 machinists, country, to take chars- of
» work. $> a day; steady.
Box maker for city. $2 30 a day.
1 flrst-c.'ass cooper for country. *'• * day.
CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGCT.. 50 Third st.
I PENSION atty. E. A. Bullla. room 40, Phelan
bid jr. Past Com. G«o. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, hai;
price. 563 Mission St.. bet. lat and 2d ats.
'¦ GET your ahoes half soled while waiting ; 23»
to BOc. 863 Mission at., bet. 1st and 2d eta.
HORSES AXD WAOOXS.
! ON account of going to build, entire stock of
wagons, buggies and harness must be sold at
, sacrifice. Corner 15th and Valencia sts.
FOR sale— Largest, best located stable la dtr.
, Apply SCOTT & MAGNEB. hay merchants.
615 Sixth st.
CHEAP; registered thoroughbred fllly; foalsd
• Feb. 10. 1901. 850 Market at., room 5.
FOR sale— Handsome trap; cheap. Box 1050.
Call offlce. _
0 GOOD ranch mare* cheap: coal wagon fo"l
peddling wagon. $U5. Ii> City Hall ave.
8 GOOD horses for sale cheap. 327 Sixth st
GENTLE horse; will follow you; good horn*
more than pric«. 473 Valencia St.
ONE fine buggy, fruit wagon, cart, 2d-hand;
new laundry wagon, cheap. 828 Harrison st.
Al EXPRESS wagon. light camping waoa
and gocart for sale cheap. 5T53 Mission at.
HOUSES TO LET Ftlt.MSHED,
A WELL furnished house, piano. 9 rooms; very
sunny; fine location; 1375 Masonic ave. Apply
MADISON & BURKE. 30 Montgomery at.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list of houses to let; send for dr«
cular. G. H. UMBSEX A CO.. 14 Montgomery.
BEFORE moving get our printed list ot houses
to let. BALDWIN ft HOWELL. 25 Post st.
tTOUSES TO LEASE — FURNISHED.
FURNISHED bouse: six rooms and bath:
cheap. 3033 -Twenty-fifth at.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — August 17. pocketbook. containing $1S
and bank certificate; payment stopped oa
certificate. Return to owner. 40S Thirteenth
St.. Oakland, and receive reward.
LOST — Wed., on Franklin. Sutter. Leaven-
worth or Post, mink boa: reward. 42t> Post.
LOST — Parrot; liberal reward. 957 Mission st.
$25 REW/RD for return of lady's purs?. 2
rings (prized as keepsakes>. keys and owner -
cards; lost Saturday on Scott St., near
Hatght. 115o Scott st.
WHITE, yellow-crested cockatoo,. lest near
Oolden Gate Park; S2."« reward for in-
formation or return at Cfceero Villa, corner
Fulton st. and Seventh ave.
REWARD for return of dress suit case marked
J. A. K., left at corner Pa«re and Buchanan
ats. Return to Dramatic Review of See. '29
Geary at.
LOST— On Sunday. 23d inat.. an Eastern Star
breastpin . Leave same with A. J. SPAR-
ROW. 2S Fremont at., and receive reward.
IT wilf pay to ¦Remember"' that the Caltfon ii»
Watch Case Co.. 120 Sutter St.. needs old
gold and silver to make r.ew watch cases.
~~~ Z.OFTS TO LET.
LOFT to lease — 656 Mission St.. NW. cora«r
of Annie; light loft of 4CC0 square feet; pas-
senger and freight elevator service; will leas«
for a term; rent reasonable. SHAJNWALD.
BL'CKBEE *; CO.. 21S-22O Montgomery st..
Mills building. ,
~ 31EDICAL.
MHS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all* femai»
complaints; Instant relief guaranteed: 3>)
1 years' experience. 728 Poet St.. near Jones."
MHS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; instant — ??•
lief guaranteed. IOCS*? Market st.. opp. 3th.
I VALPEAU'S female pllla; best regulatlag pill*
t told; price $2 5o by express. Pasteur's eynngs
¦ and tablets; price. $2 50. By expresa only oa
I receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTHEP.3.
I wholesale druggists. Seventh aad Broadwajr.
; Oakland.
DR. Q. W. O'DONNELL — All who are ale* c*
In trouble consult this specialist on femal*
complaints: positively corrected; the unfor-
tunate helped: the most difficult cases treat*
ed: advice free. Offlce, 1018 Market st.
MRS. D. ALLEN. HIS Market— Reliable UdleV
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement : best medical care: low fees.
DR. ROSEN moved to 2995 Folsom st.. cor.
2tith; relief- $10; ladies' exclusive office.
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk. nr.Van Ness — Expert
In obstetrics, female comp. ;25 yrs. experience.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market st,.
DR. NG TOY KEE, 313 Powell at., oppoaits
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
MILLINERY.
Ladles' Imported & tailored bats just In; call:
prices low to start them going; frames mad*
to fit the face. MME. DOSCU. 207 Post a-
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILEKfe. engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 105-197 Fremont st.
A GOOD reason to buy dtamoeds. watches and
jewelry from us is that you need only pay a
small weekly payment on all purchases; sJl
goods delivered on first payment. Call aad
examine our goods, even If yoj don't ear* t»
buy. UCHTKNSTEIN BKO9.. 25 StocXtv-ia.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair It with elaterite: in rolls rat? »s lay:
needs no painting or coating: exort *v*r c»4
Iron, tin or ahingles: best for r»w roof*.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Varkft si
A— Fine suits. $7 50; dre— » p*ht». ?2 5A •>ig!-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors 2SS »*i*nv «c.
near Bush: open to 9 p. m San.tny to neon.
A— $3 5O DERBY and fedrtra hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 3S0 Kearr.y »t.. near
Pine; open till » p. m. Sunday lo n/w>n
A — BUYS, sells or rt -nt» gear tt >*CkTnery . en-
gines, boilers, water pit*. »bartTn«; t»aWeya.
etc. WHITELAW. S53'SW fT»»aT »t.
FOR sale— One rasolin* U«*fc, 1<"*45; S3
horsepower: can be »— BB at tUo Vista.; jood
order. P. O. box U72. Rio Vista. Cal.
TRY our men's shoes *t $1 and $1 Jt» paUr:
foot-form shoe* at $2 50; we pay express
charier s. II 3d st.. Ex\m. bMg. : catalrg free.
FOR sale— Younc ArTcriaa !*t rabbits. Call
Saturday. •>» Sarchea st.
BEST runts, hen riceons »n<1 clv.iice ho— icn.
Addrw»s 2041 Lin Jen !¦!.. Oakland.
T~JULES jrRGENSEN 5-minute repeating
watch: very reasonable. 10 Sixth st.
PAIR .l-karat diamond earrings at a bargain.
1O Sixth at. — . -
A XHRTIN guitar for sale at 10 Sixth st. W.
J. HESTHA1-
SEALSKIN. ?225 quality, same as new. bus:
34 to S«s $a»>. I'> Sixth at.
MOVINO pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental:
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post St.
I MILES of pipe and fittings: all «lies. EU-
GENE RILEY & SONS. ICO Vallejo St.
MOVING picture film anil jur.j slide*. 103
Montgomery st.'
SAFES— New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st.
All bargains ;camp stools and chairs. hammock*.
metal beds.mattres»es.J.F.Hntter.712 Mrsatcn.
Edison phonographs, records, *upi>!ies, moving
picture machines, films. BarlgaU-pl. K« Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches.
all aUes. J. E. DOAK. 40 Fremont at.
SAFES — New acd second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento tt
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; alt
make*. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Mj=t«'.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
gIeoT^TaxTkI. 421 Post st. ; tel. Bush 135—
Japanese - Chlneae employment offlce: fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help, etc.
A — 0RPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. 420 Powell. Tel. Main 6752.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Offlce, 413
Stockton; tel. Grant ltiS; expert, reliable help.
CHINESE Employment Offlce — Best help at
Leon Beung's. 411V& O'Farrell; tel. East 42U.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 815 Btockton; Main 61fto.
CHINESE and Japanese help; e«tab. 20 years.
T-l. Main liW>7. BRADLEY & CO.. «40 Clay.
KMPLOVMEVT WANTED — FEMALE.
A YOUNG woman speaking several foreign
lansua^ca wlrhes a position for traveling in
Europe'as lady's maid or take care children;
city references. Address box 24.X'*, Call.
A COMPETENT woman wishes situation as
cook in flat or small house; carfare. Address
.138 Turk at.
SITUATION wanted by a woman In lodging-
houae or boarding-house; chamberworic; in
city. Call 548 Howard at.
COMPETENT Scandinavian woman wlshts a
situation; houae work and cooking. 717 Te-
hama St.. ,near Eighth.
A YOUNG German woman wants work by the
day; washing or cooking. Address M. W.,
757 Folsom »t.
• SITUATION wanted by competent Protestant
woman In small family; good plain cook.
Cull las Mission at.
GERMAN woman wants waehlng; and cleaning;
$1 CO day. 27C0 Harrison it.
A GOOD laundress would like two days' work
first of each week. Box 2442, Oall office.
SITUATION wanted by good cook; reference.
2248 Bush st. .
MIDDLE-AGED woman would like to take
care of a child In the day time; coma home
evenings; reference. Please call 3S2 Fifth
at.; downstairs^
A TRAINED nurstt, speaking French and Eng-
lish, knowledge of bookkeeping, desires posi-
tion In physlclan'a offlce or other aultable
occupation. G. A. R.. 126» O'Farrell st.
YOUNG lady wishes position In offlce or store;
experienced and energetic; used to meeting
public. Box 242(1. Call offlce. -.
WANTED — A position as Invalid's nurse or to
Wiko charge of an Infant from its birth. Ap-
ply 34 Clyde at., off Townsend. bet. 3d &. 4th.
ELDERLY woman wishes situation to do
housework for small family; city or country.
Box 2432. Call offlce.
DRESSMAKER wlahes situation as helper In
ehop; $1 60 a day. Y. W. C A., 1259
O'Farrell st.
DRESSMAKER going out by the day wishes
an assistant. Address box 2425. Call offlce.
A DRESSMAKER would like a few more en-
gagements by the day. 491 Eddy st.
FIRST-CLASS German cook, wants situation.
723 California st. j _____
THOROUGHLY competent young lady stenog-
rapher wishes position; $10 p»r month; rapid
and accurate. Box 2402. Call office.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Baaaar. 633 McAllister at.
KMI'LOYSHSXT WAJITCO—MALB.
GERMAN couple want positions; wife first-
class German cook: man housework; city,
country. Box 2436. CaU_offlce.
YOUNG German wishes steady position as
porter. Box 2441. Call offlce.
BAKER, good all around man, wishes situa-
tion In country. Address box 2437. Call.
AN elderly man, sober and reliable, desires
situation In private family; understands
gardening end greenhouse work and other
light work about dace. Address ANDER-
SEN. 328 Jessie at.
REFINED, well educated, active unencum-
bered elderly widower, of perfect honesty and
Integrity, desires light employment as care-
taker, traveling companion on land or sea,
etc. P. O. box 210», San Francisco, Cal.
GENERAL ad writer, with Eastern experience,
wishes a position In San Francisco or vicin-
ity; reliable references furnished. Box 241S.
Call offlce.
MAN and wife would like situation In city or
country; woman to do cooking and house-
work and man outside work. J. FLEISCHER,
1417 Powell it. \
RELIABLE accountant wants position; San ;
Francisco or Sacramento; reference*. Box
24'Jfl, CalU_
POSITION wanted by young Eastern man as
driver for first-class bakery. Box 2424, Call.
ELDERLY German couple wleh positions of
any kind: city or country. Box S410, Call.
WANTED — Work by the day; used to house
Tvirk and stable and garden: haa good refer-
ences. Address box J?18. Call offlce. Oakland.
GOOD shoemaker and eolo cornetlst desires po-
sition tn a mining town; write particular*.
Address box 1074. Call.
HONEST old German wants light work. Box
2tt)», Call offlce.
JAPANESE couple want situations In small ¦
family; man Is flrst-class cook: wife, wait at
table. T. KATO. 1110H Market St.. Oakland.
JAPANESE boy wants a position in family as
schoolboy. M. FUJI, 322V4 O'Farrell St.;
tel. John 4!>51. -
JAPANESE boy wants situation. FRANK,
807 Thirteenth st.: tel. Page 4363.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. -
FLATS TO LET.
HOUSES and flats to let: an Immense list; ser-
vice absolutely free; take advantage of this
department; It will s«ye you time and
trouble. Card«a Furniturt Co.. 245-259 Geary
St., on the square.
ELEGANT flat; half block from Market st.
.•HM.'t 17th et. (Castro and ISth st. cars.)
NOE. 153. north of Market — Sunny .1-room bay-
window corner flat. 0 rooms, bath.
ELEGANT flat; half block from Market st.
3!»4 17th st. tCastro and 18th st. cars.)
THREE elegant new flats. 6 and 7 rooms.
Church and Seventeenth stg.
TO let— Flat of four rooms; 18U7 O'Farrell.
HOOKER fc LENT. 14 Poat st.
FLATS TO LET — FUnXISHED.
TO let — Furnished, coay. sunny flat; 7 rooms
and bath.' 1)32 Fillmo.-e tt. ; apply between 11
a. m. and 5 p. m. to meet owner.
SUNNY furnished Hat. 3 rooms, bath: mod-
ern; rent reasonable. 1402 Polk st.
NEW furniture 6 r, modern flat; $15 rent; part
cash. 1445 Greenwich, 10 to 12 or evening.
FLATS FOR SALE.
A BARGAIN— S425O; CORNER LOT. 2 FLATS:
LOT 25x114; 184 CLIPPER ST. SEE
OWNER ON PREMISES.
FLATS FOR SALE — FURMSHEO.
ARTISTIC furniture, carpets, for sale. In fine
, flat. Inspection permits issued at 1325 Ellis
' st. : flat for rent reasonable.
6 SUNNY rooms; new furniture; reasonable
rent. Call 10 to 12. 7 to ». 2240 Post st.
FLATS WANTED.
WANTED — New flat, unfurnished; modern im-
provements; 4 or 5 rooms and bath. Address
F. A. M.. room 11, 320 Sansome st.
FURNITURE WANTED.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4462,
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
WANTED — 4 nurseRiils. city and country. $15.
— j.»o. {25; German maid, S30; companion, old
lady. German only. $-'5; maid, sleep home, at
hotel, $'-.*»; 4 Fc«ond ctrls, city. $20, $2.1; ;t
waitresses, 8 hours, no Sunday work, ?t$ h
week: 2 waitresses. $S and $l» a week; 4 wait-
resses and chambt-rmalds, country hotels. $20
and $25. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
334 Sutter at.
WANTED— Diet cook, hospital. $30; 4 cooks,
with and without washing. $:50, $35. city and
country; cook, hotel, city, $40; cook for or-
phanaM-. $4O; oook. small boarding-house,
country. $25: 2 chambermaids, country hotels,
$20; 4 waitresses, country, fare paid, $25.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334' Sutter.
WANTED — S. private family laundresses, $.10:
laundress for orphanlge. j::o; laundress and
seamstress, boys" home. $3O; 4 chambermaids
wait one meal, city and country. $20. $25;
housework, city, 2 in family, $35; housework,
Alameda, Berkeley, Oakland, San Rafael, $25.
$30. $40; houseglrls. city, best of wages and
flrst-class families; call to-day. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO.. 334 Sutter St. , :
A — WANTED, girls to laorn hairdress. manl-
cure. etc.; trade taught lrom A to Z in 2
weeks; $5 to those entering now: 3 positions
to fill Immediately; positions guaranteed at
*10 per week up; leading school In West. 23.1
Geary Et.. room 13.
A— LADIES, learn all branchea halrdresalDg
trade: manicurtnr. matsaxt, etc.: 1238 Mar-
ket st., cor. Jones, room 04; positions secured
at highest wages; day and ere. class; call.
HELP WAyTED--MALE-TC on »
MURRAY St READY, a _ ,
PHONE MAIN 6S4S. 631 and 630 Clay at.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Office half block long; 14 clerks employed;
by our own printing plant we publlsn a
"FREE" Bulletin of L*bor. containing every
poaitlon aegregated under departments ready
for distribution 7 a. m.; also noon and even-
Ing editions. GET ONE FREE.
THIS IS WHAT
MADE US FAMOUS.
We know no distinction between man and
man.
YOU ARE ALL EQUAL.
YOU ARE ALL WELCOME
1902 WE GAVE V 1903 WETLL, GIVE
45,000 MEN WORK. 60.000 MEN WORK.
WE SHIP YOU FREE JO ONE.
FREE TO-DAY. FREE TO ALL.
Ogden, Utah, All parts Nevada.
Los Angeles County. Chatsworth Park.
Wllllts, Uklah. °. re ? on>
Arizona, To-day.
And All Points North. East. South,
Including Ogden. Utah.
Carpenters and helpers, pile dtivers, fence
builders drillers, single, double and machine
men. corner and bench hands, muckers,
chuck tenders, car dumpers, teamsters, la-
borers, track men. cooks, waiters, black-
smiths, etc.. $5. $4. $3 60. *3. S2 5O. $2 day.
Free fare. Free fare. Free fare.
Everybody talking. » Thousands going.
Are you? Are you? Are you.
MURRAY & READY.
634 and 636 Clay st.
¦ 165 MEN OR BOYS.
FRUIT PICKERS— *30 fd— FRUIT PICKERS
Fare |1. Fe« fl. Three months* Jobs.
Picking, packing, dryln*-
365 laborers, teamatera. city and r country
Jobs. $2, $2 SO and $3 a day. All classes of
work: come see".
155 Italians, 52 25 a day.
You board yourselves. Bteady Jobs.
28 laborers, fre« fare, 14 mile* away, $42
and found.
26 laborers, you'll suit, factory, fare paid.
$67 CO.
155 coal miners, fre« fare, $3 to f5 day.
1«5 laborers, teamsters, Willlts, Ukiah. free
fare, »67 60.
Do You Know — Free Fare —
On every train ship to S. P. Co.'s own
work, on all divisions, laborers, extra gangs;
also section hands.
DIAMOND MATCH COMPANY.
1K6 teamsters and axmen, $75.
107 laborers and drillers. $75. .
155 track layers, ballast track. $C7 50.
Cost you only fl; no discount; steady Job.
MINES, QUARRIES, TUNNELS.
155 laborers, you'll suit. $G0, $75 and found.
06 miners* and timbermen. $90 and found.
156 quarrymen. also drillers. $S2 to $00.
96 carmen, furnace men, $75.
STABLES, FARMS, DAIRIES. HARVEST.
11K5 farm, orchard,, vineyard hands, $30 to
$45 and found.
38 milkers, butter makers. $30, $35. $40 fd.
l.Mi harvest hands, hay balers, $2 50, $.1 day.
68 chorenven, coachmen, gardeners, $30 to
$50 and found.
16 stablemen, city and country, $i0 to $45 fd.
89 men for brickyards, $05 and *S0 found.
MARRIED HELP WANTED.
12 man and wives, farms, orchards, mines,
mills. $40 to $70 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
WHERE ARE THEY?
S6 Lumber Trusts and Syndicates.
Located In Four States,
Managers here. Two Territories.
FREE— FARE— FREE.
095 laborers, no experience wanted. $35 to
I $70 and found. -
188 experienced mill and yard men, $10 to
I $150 and found.
353 woodsmen, $40 to $150 and found.
388 woodchoppers. Uemakers. shingle, post,
picket and box bolt makers; tools and pro-
visions found.
BIG L MURRAY & READT.
TRUSTS. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— COOKS— BIG PAY. ~~ — —
COOKS BIG PAY. COOKS. COOKS.
26 cooks for harvest and fruit ranches, hay
presses, etc., $70. $C0. $50. $40. $30 found;
very few men to cook for. no women there;
4 cooks for different mines. $70, $65, $50, $40
and found.
46 cooks, hotels, restaurants, cafes, saloons,
etc.. $70 to $40 aitd found.
WAITERS.
32 waiters, dlfferen£"'p!aces. Including cafes,
grills. $45 to $30 and found.
•i bell and elevator boys, city and country
positions, $15 to $30 and found.
U porters and bedmakers, city and country
positions, $45 to $20 and found.
86 dishwashers, etc.. city and all parts of
California. $40 to $25 and found.
12 butchers, different Jobs. $35 to $CO found.
0 bakers. 5 helpers. $35 to $50 and four.1.
IS boys to learn trades and work In factories,
$U to $12 a week.
SPECIAL.
Cook and wife, hotel, fare paid.
Inyo County, strictly kitchen work, 40 board-
ers, $75. boss here.
Cook, Nevada.* $50, fare paid.
Baker, country shop, fare $3. $50; helper,
$25.
Cook's helper, for mine, extra good Job, $35
and found, fare paid.
MURRAY & READY.
634 and 636 Clay st.
SPECIAL ON MIDNIGHT MAIL,
PHONE AND TELEGRAPH.
WAREHOUSE. FARE $1.
12 laborers, no experience wanted. $3 day.
IN BUTTE COUNTY. $3 FARE.
26 laborers for woods, you'll suit. $40 found.
• FOREMAN GRAIN jUANCH. $50 FD.
2tf ITALIANS. FREE FARE,
for Los Angeles, Santa Barbara and San
Luis Oblspo.
EXTRA SPECIAL— SANTA CRUZ.
26 men, anybody will do. fre* fare to-day.
- ARIZONA— 9CO MILES.
TO-DAY TO ARIZONA.
Cement finisher. $4 50; machine hand, furni- j
ture factory. $2 50 day; 2 bench hands. I
planing mill. $3 00: cook's helper, mine, $35 J
and found: bark peeler, fare $1. $10 and j
found; 6 laborers, city foundry. $2; tinsmith. !
*3; blacksmith, lumber company, north. *»0; '
lever man. dredger, boss here. $60 and found:
Ifi hay balers, $•> to $5 day: boya for whole-
sale druggist, $18 to $35; coachman, garden-
ers, etc. *'
Machinist, "country winery. $10 and found.
Porter and roustabout, hotel, flrst class, near
city. $25.
TOGETHER— BUTTER
Maker and milker, far* paid. Inyo Co., $70 fd
DRIVER— MERCHANDISE.
Country store. Tuolumne Co.. $60 to $75. ,
2 boys, little experience, city machine shop. $9.
3 steady farmhands, vear round, JCO found.
Carpenter, set up tanks. $90.
Stableman, south, exceptionally good Job, HO
and found.
3 milkers, steady Jobs year round. $35. found.
Gardener and coachman, fare 25c. boss here,
$25 and found.
Plasterer for cement trays, $3 50 to $4 day
Buddrr. nursery, fare $1, $40 found j
Machinists, lathe hand, free fare, L. Co.. $60
and found.
Blacksmith, shop Yolo Co.. $00
Milker and run separator, Madera Co., $35 fd
Donkey engineer, boss here.
BEST PLACES AT MURRAY & READY,
BEST WAGES AT 634-636 Clay st.
TEHAMA CO. — FARE PAID.
26 laborers for woods. YOU'LL SUIT. $40 fd
" MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
~ LOOK. MEN.
CARPENTERS AND HELPERS. FARE $3.
12 carpenters, plain work. $90
15 laborers to help them and do other work.
$67 50- steady, good Jobs for an AMERICAN.
WATER ELECTRIC POWER SYNDICATE.
MURRAY & READY. 634-6.J6 Clay »t.
! BOARD YOURSELVES IN HOTELS^
12 laborers, shovel work. 20c»fare. S60
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
EXCEPTIONALLY GOOD MINE.
15 laborer?, no experience wanted. $67 50
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
XRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 per pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50, or
orthopedic shoes, $3 60; best shoes on earth. 11
Third St.. Exam, bldg.. 5 doors from Market.
WANTED — For the U. S. Marina Corps, able-
bodled. unmarried men. bftwean 21 and 33;
good character; must speak, read and write
English; marines serve at sea on men-of-war
In all parts of the world, on land In our isl-
and possessions, and at naval stations in the
United States. Apply at recruiting offlce. 40
Ellis at.. San Francisco. Cal.; 222«i N/ Main
St.. Los Angeles. Cal.. and 401 K St.. Sacra-
roento. Cal.
BOYS wanted Immediately to pare frutt with
machine; good wages. California. Cann*rte*
Co., 423 Brannan st.
WANTED — Young man to teach little boys la
return for board and assistance in his stud-
ies. Write or call after tt p. m. on H. C
COONLEY. 1017 Clay st.. San Francisco. CaJ.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, has
added 10O new rootns to the Denver House.
21T Third st.; 25O rooms; 18c per night.
WANTED — Rough carpenters and lab-ftrs.
Apply room --14, 20 Montgomery st., San
Francisco Construction Company. ]
BARBER wants to sell; must sell; 'account of
retiring; barpaln. Inquire 1541 Cfearx at.
BOY wanted, about 16 years old. DRUG
STORE. 430 Gough st.
FOR sale — Fin« caying barber shop. Gueroe-
vllle. Sonoma Co. H. E. Hart for particular*.
PORTRAIT solicitors, city; installment plan.
Apply Golden Gate Portrait Co.. 832 Howard.
FOR sale— Neat barber shop: rent $12 50;
price $75. Box 2416. Call office.
tOO MEN to buy n«w and 2<3-hand army shoes.
50c up; aollng cheap. 9S3 Howard at., nr. Stl».
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms, 85c night: readln? rooms;
tree 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
• AX PR A5 CISCO CALL.
BCFXNEfS OFFICE of the San Franclac*
« all. icrr.er Market anJ Third «;reeta; cpet
until 12 c. - clock cver> night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street
«.rr.i-r Clay; open until 0.S0 p. m.
aoo »!-}«¦» ttrret: t,om until 9:iO p. m.
«k«< Jit Alllrter »trert; upen until P:30 p. in-
US Larklii *trert; open until V :3O p. m.
(MJ !«!»*:< n «ir«fet; c;-en until 10 p. m.
22tl NaU't street, ccrner Sixteenth; oper
\.-..:u 9 p. m.
Iwii j;>«enth »lree«; opeji until 9 p. m.
:<R««s Valencia *:reet: open until 9 p. m.
Nertiisrtst rornrr »>f Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky street*: oi^n until 9 r- to.
TJ-*> KiHrnore ftreet: rpen until 9 p. tn.
MK13T1XC .VOTICKS.
HIS134N rh-ptcr. No. 7», K. A. M.— j»
!»p^.-i BMcttss this rrm-RPiMYjHAr
El'tXING. I'M o'clock. M. M. de- /VN
Kix-c. By order of tin* II. i*.
JNO It HILLMAN. Secretary.
CAUFOKKIA LodB* No. I. F. and A. j»
M. «!ll meet THIS <THUUSDAY) >*/y
KVEN1NG. Aujum 27. at 7:80 o clock. /V\
Tl;ird degree. Ily order of th« Mm-
bar. FRANKLIN II. DAY. Secretary.
lltriJTV Ltxiao No. I2O. K. an.1 A. •
:.i bpectaJ weettng this (Tm;KS-yy
MAVr EVENING at 7:.'!<» i/clo« k. /?>
Till-* <1e>;i<-e. Master Mascn* cor-
.ii-liy imiteti i:>; <jr«3er cf the W. M. \
ri;i:i>i:iVl-K HAKKY. Secretary.
bOUTH Kan Francisco lx»da;e No. 212. «
F. n.n<l A M.. meet* THIS (TIIURS-Vy
r>AV» EVENING at 7:"0 o'clock for /V\
frond degree. By or<icr cf the Mas-
t-r. E. C. HARE. Secretary. _
l"'iU<" Lndre No. 2!«. F. and A. V— *J9
STvtisI ntaaUtiC THIS (THUHSl>AY)'VSf
F.V1;NJNG at 7:.;0 o'cioik. Third /V\
•1'isref. Master Muvms corOUUy ln-
Mtt-d. Ily order of thr W. M.
.1. It. <IOLD. C MITH. S*<-retar>.
r.\- KLSIOIl t>cgr*e I^)d£e No. 2. ovAKlst,
I. «.». O ] ¦ • ial m gating ••^JgsffitTO-,
HI iTIii:il5DAY| KVi;MNG»SSjaS^
for ihe jiuriwiM r>r \;*itinu Yeriia *W««5* 1
n-jena L'.'i^e «n«l fTtifertlns; the second de-
«:ee. .W. H. CURTIS. 1>. M.
VKRHa' I1UENA Lodge No. 15.
: • •. ¦ ¦ K -'• ¦¦¦•¦! degree T> •- vsJ^F&O
¦:•¦¦: iTHUIl^DAYI hj K'^jSSS?
It. I<. No. 2. Mc!)iI»t:- reguert'd 'w'.fJ 3^
ir. be pretent. Vlfitirs l>roth-
. i> wrl. ,3W. FRANK KJtll.L. N. G.
'•IIA!-'. A. WISKWIJU., Ilec. Src.
VLTA l^"iKf Nn. SOS. I. O. <• !*• - -rSXifit.
¦» 'I ri- ' .•!.: y- T.l" : ¦- . Vou *'¦••;' jir&t&\
l:*l> hy i-eqiiratfi to attend " 1< *"3>3StJ3&£tS
f'jfi'rjl ..« "i;r late BfOtbef M. L. "roW* '
i''iivi:n> FHil'AV. AagvM ->¦ Bervieea in
Mttnorial Hall. 1. <». «>. K. l.ulldinj:. at 1 :::«J
p. tf. Kharp. Inierment Mount Olivet (>m-
am ALV VOL1GNY. N. <».
TI!K t^an I'rancliw-o CooUlali ' ThlatV ~ cy.
¦ lab mft-tii THIS iTHrn.<l.>AVC, GiO'
*,VKN?r«;. Fimtemity Hail. :;j >. v».^jTt*
•iFarrell rt.. at n n>lnrk. "Hm.>- *ti5^.
¦«ei •- ff.lluny. OEOnGIC W. MILLEH.
liny a I Chief.
• ;rr«p.<;r. vv. iwn:r:s<»:;. Recorder.
? ' ¦
AoK\ I <»\V% AATUI).
V\ AJJTED— 1*8^ <r centleman of fair educa-
tion to tra\el for a flr:n of $2.V».4H.'O capital;
salary $lo72 per year and expenae*. Address.
Kith ittamp. J. A. ALEXANDER. San Fran-
«,<;KNT?--.» new tnonev-maker. F. PERSON.
477 an<1 47* Parrntt bulldmc.
AT.'onMiYS.AT.LAw]
hv'BT. W. KING, atty-at-lay. Examiner bid.,
rm. fill, nil < iM-s, damsgea. estates, wills.
,itiu«limej.t». i-ctlei-tlona. etc.; consultation
,- tnga by apj>olntm«nt. Tel. Red seOl.
A U VICE fret- — 1 will advance coat in merttotl-
ou» cake». dlvcrcr*. rrubate and all other law
c»k-»; a« f»-ea in advanre; open every even-
ing. J. M. TIlfR^TtlN. 819 Market at., r. 31.
- AXVVICE fie* dlvor^-es a apeclalty ;quick,qule;;
no Hiarci.' without suroesn; establlnhed 16 yra.
G. W. H( VE. 1122 Market st.. opp. Hales.
.MTKEN & AITKEN. attorney*, ra. .109-10-11.
Clunle bid*., California ft.; tel. Main 727.
. ADVICE fre»; all cases; op*» evenings. M.
? L ::VAN. >>r^ Market St.. r. Stockton.
BIRDS. DOGS, ETC.
YOUNG talking parrot*. $5 eath.Germa-n alnclng
caaartea, 12. ««• will try to please you: every-
'l li.g ri ou. !,ne at r'cht p-lrea. 1M6 Market.
IXIAIUIIM. I'OH C*iil.t.i«.Ii.%.
fft£OM enci b.)aril for »<-h>x>I boy 12 yeara old In
:ii«-» laniily; |rrm> tnMerate. }jax 2422. «?all.
IIL!>I>Kss CUAWCB8.
A-$l.V>o ; RESTAURANT "and^ choplwuaT-
. l<^.. tn niriaii bulldiriK: .lally receipts about
i<-. xj'lendid business. See R. G. WILKE
S9M K«arny pi.
A-4325: HESTAIRANT and coffee saloon, on
Thlr.l St.; rent f30; avrrsgo dally r>cp|ps
F >!>¦; a bargain. H. G. WILKE. 2C^ Kcamy!
NEW HOTEL FOR PALE.
A brai.d new br'rk hotel rt loo room*, mag-
r.'.noeialy fu^^l^h. d tbroushout with the very
~ bet.tjiri.de of furniture and carpets; located
!n th- vrry heart of she hljrh-Kro.J* reMdence
aottlVaCtloa. on a corner, and equipped with
«v«-r>- modern hotel convenience, such as
• lo«-trli- lishts. tJectric elevator. Fleam heat.
I hones In ever}- room, bllllard-room. Riill-
i.K'in. <-tc; Jons; lca««>; If you're looking
».mply for vometlilnK cheap, for speculation.
i»Karillrr* of quality, d.m't t>other with tills*
1-ut if you «ar.l a really hiirh-icrad* propo-
»ttt.i;i for jvrtnaiirnt investment that will
>icJd good, ttrady r*¦turn^ and bo a credit to
:<m. 'j- ail mean* l»uk into it. Apply rooma
14O4-T.3. Call building.
«
i<>*i.i;am-:.
<>n m , - • rtrret. adjninlng the "Poodle
l>f-K." a flue, modern roomlns; house of Io3
rooants u:i'j»r 4.\>n»;rurtlon. but almoei
tiiilyhed; :.i» ?:i»s:l» 1 iwmp and Ki baths; great
!<Muti<n* reasonable retit; a sure money
t winner If tun on the right plan. SPECK &
« U.. OC7 Mkiket »L
WANTET — A man ulth flOft.ono to buy irrl-
Kai;i>« dlt-h <>avln<t 5 IT cent net; ihancc
to ,f,.uble \«lur within thre* yran<
CHARLES \v. COB t CO.. 45 West Santa
<lara ¦-• . .-.--.n Jo»e.
BAKEIJV and «Tinfertioner\; corner utore ; 4
IUIr»; io.im»: ut»n»llii all new; will *ell |f B |
i he ii Invoice; c»n-r aolna Ea»t; a snap,
lit" Guerrero »t.
WANTt;r»— Cnenrevje man with $.VX> for offlc*
w<Tk of 'usi::a V.ss liuxlneas; monrj
t»i.ir->tiptil> secured: Investigation solicited
BOX 244.1. Cull office.
$12.*>— HELIABLE rartner wanted: established
< wax- *t . ¦•¦:> «;« prr month each. AS
Third *t.. room 1. -.
t2S~SUOB step: B\»od location! fine trade
mum sell at one. 704 Devlsadoro st.
RESTAlRANT^iTTsiCA-ALirnio. CAL. ~
• etitral iocatton; rrut reasonable'; 48 rhnlrs
upper floor; »."¦ chair* ground floor; average
net r^vflt per niuiuh fi:.O. J. H. HARVEY
r.ll Market »t., fnim 2 to 3 p. in.
orPtlUI VnitY for esperlenod liquor man as
co-worker and pwrwtlve rtockhnider la well
•*tahll»hed »<juor hou»«. Applicants give an*
r»p<>rwni>. refcrenct-s. AUdrta* box 62oi
tiacramento.
IOH tale— Grocery bualneas In amall town;
clean, .new itock; »U1 Invoice about fcMOO:
<>.):»: cood !"ji:n>-i>. best or truoni for
nlllni. Address P. O. bos 1S3. Sulsun. Cal.
DO YOU WANT TO GO INTO IH*SINES.«?
l»o you want to go out of business?
Wllford ft Harrison. liu«lne»* Agents. 3 Tnylor.
I WANT ¦ cheap valoon for about S150- loca-
tion den't cut any Cin.re: an>«hrre will «lo
If In city. Ikix 2431, QaXL
nBfT>CLaV8S delicacy store: jood location;
doing good busine**: at a bargain: sickness
rtUM of aetltng. Box lo-.iT Call.
f inoo — THE Saota. Crus blll-po*tlns: plant; wtll
|«y fcr lUelf In one year. 2J6 Pacific ivi.,
Fanta Crus. Cal.
tiltOCERY and bar; great bargain; fine loca-
tion and trade; cheap rent; living rooma;
aroud '. .. r bUFlness. ":'.<• Minna st.
FOR »*le— Media restaurant. 17u9Vs Mlfston
rxrrrt,
A hakeiy: delicacy, all store trade; f2^ a day;
rric* fison; no arenta. 71S McAUiater «'t.
CLASSIFIED adverttaement* and vubceripttona
recflwd at Call branch orflce. 2200 Fillmcr*.
A BHAN'CH o'nc* for Call advertisements and
•ub*cii?t!ons has been established at 1036
Valencia ft.
COLLECTION OKKICUS, '.
BAVGBAET & WETER.
Collectors.
No. 1170 Market Street. Room 37.
AJ9V1CK trer; bad tenanta rjected *pee6l!y. CO-
LUMHIAN LAW. AGCT.. r. >.\ »1« Market;
tfl. Red CIS; ccUecticns; cer.l law business.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collertlona. made;
city or oountry. PACIFIC COLLECTION
«*O.. 41S Mmtarr.m»rr. room* O-1P: trt. 6&SO.
CHIROPODISTS.
DUNLAP FOCT INSTrrUTE. 60 Geary— All
atlmetitr «f th» feet cored: cort»«. bunk»ci«-»to.
\ COTTACKS TO LET.
JKStSlE, C14— Cotttfe cf 4 rooms; rent cheap;
rtar.
LODGING-HOUSES VOVL BALK.
H C DECKER. I**' Market St.. cor. Stockton.
1 PHONE JOHN 831.
' 27 YEARS FELLING HOUSES In this city.
Pee the following bargains:
, 10 room*; Fclecm St.; full of roomers.. $225
7 rooms: modern tlat; fine furniture.... 200
8 rooms; newly fut niched; clears $25.. 17R
14 rooms: exchange for larger house.... 5(K>
17 roomt; l> roome funi!»he<l; map Oww
8 roonis: Leavmworth M.; reduced to.. fiOO
SA moni»; choice location; Oakland 3200
, 12 roomt»; Geaiy st.; choice; transient... 400
42 room?; sunny corner; rent $H»0 3200
SO rjoms; «unny bay-window corner.. ..2S00
2« n>oins; Mlaalon and Sixth ats.; enap..l80<)
12 rooms: Taylor st.; transient only 700
r,o rootr*: Market at.; offices: permanent. WK)
f>2 roomf; part house: long lease 200<»
8 rooms: co*t $1500; a beauty; reduced. T50
, IS rooms; newly furnl»hed; lone lease.. 1200
H. C DECiCgR. WW Market, cor. Stockton.
• ••ROOM bouse, only $2.'»0; worth J50O; must
se:i. DECKER. »06 Market St.
100 ROOMS; house for men; rent $140....$4(V*)
r.S rooms; touth of Market; rent $100.. 2000
24 rooma; corner; part cash; bal. easy. 850
11 rconif; good income; rent (20 3S0
21 roo;n»: water front; rent $40; ]eas«. «50 .
120 rooms; good lease- low rent 0500
f.7 rnu. ; apartments; Western Add.; rent 250
Money loaned at 1 per ctnt.
Hotels roadhouaen flat*. S to 100 rooms.
EITKL A CARROLL. 212 Kearny at.
IS mX)MS; lease; men roomer* $72S
14 Tc*>n:r; yiar.o and j-alntlnps 1700 j
20i<jonif; transient; Ptmlght 2100,
jlt((i —^7 roonis; j veers' lease-; clears $100;
"S owner ce.lled Hast. MOSSMAN. SSO Market.
A BARGAIN this »wk; forced *aJ»: 34 rooma;
; Market st.. central; all rented; first floor of-
' flees, clearing $175: only $2400: easy terms.
| I'ETKRSKX & LAKSKN. lft>5 Mur'Aot. rm. 1.
'• SPIRITUALISM.
AiVm v_ij~i*;;oK. FKED P. EVAN8, tb« fa-
mous psychic; stamp fcr circular- 1112 Eddy
St.. near Octavla.
THOMAS OUELLETTE; apeclal life readings
25c: absolutely free unlava correct; full
names given. 34 Sixth at., rooma 10 and 12.
JOHN PLATER'S Circle Friday night. 8:15:
__ r ' adlnifs to " da - v - 10 t0 *• _ Xi0 O'Farfell st.
j KATIE HEUSSMAN. clrcl« Friday evenln*.
25c: /rlttlnrs. 1000 Harrison at., cor. Sixth.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance claJrvo>ant,
bustnets medium and life reader. 416 Turk.
tmVARD EARLE. 1052 Ellis, reirtlnxs dally.
9-.H0 tr. 4; rearcea Sunday and Thumday.
CLAIHVOYAJVTS.
•
A— CALL AT ONCE AND SAVE $2
I M> Uvular $3 Reading This Week for
$1 $1 $1 *1 $1 $1 $1 $1
1 PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE
The Flrtt HegWtered Trunc<» Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever In San Krancltco.
I do hereby rotemoly agree and guarantee
to make you no charge If I fall to tell your
name, occupation and what you call for; I
promise to tell you whether husband, wife or
sweetheart In true or false: to tell whom and
when rou wlj) marry: In fact. 1 will tell you
every hope, fear or ambition better than you
•-an tell yourself. He restores lost affeetlona.
reunitea the separated, cauitea speedy and
happy n:anl;i(f ". makes you successful and
prosperous, cures' d'.aease and lost vitality
without medicine, locates hidden treasures;
hours 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. ; Sundaya 2 to 8.
320 O'Farrell «t.. 326.
I MMK. M. BERNARD THE FAMOUS
i Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner
hl<lg. : *he reada your llf« correctly, gives an
accurate description of the pa*t. reveals the
present happenlnga and portraya events to
occur in tlie future: If you are in trouble, dls-
ronter.ted or not satlFfled tn ltfe. or have do-
mestic, love or business troubles, consult this
great medium and you will be told how to
overcome them; valuable advice in all affairs
of lif»-: 2.*>c up; satisfaction guaranteed; read-
ings by mall. Tel. Black 4509.
TsMARTlbn Egyptian pypsy. clairvoyant and
palmist permanently located at 1104 Market
• »t cor". Turk; private readings dally. 10 a.
m ' to 6 p. m. : readings by mall aa tattsfac-
tory as In person: 3 questions answered. $1:
full life. $5; send lock of hair, date and year
cf birth; don't send currency. Send poatofflce,
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
I a— MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
i card reader, born with a double veil and »ec-
! end sight; tells the past, present and future;
ladles 60c: gents. $1 : by cards, palmistry
t and clairvoyant sitting: $1 50. 126 Turk at.
Mrs. A. H. Kronenberg. palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader, will give a good reading. 10c. fcr
a fliort time only; when others fail try me to
convince yourself. 402 Franklin, near Grove.
I A— Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given; 25c up. 5 4th St.. near Market.
¦ I MISS SEYMOUR, wonderful card reader; sat-
isfaction guaranteed. 303 Jessie, cor. 4th.
MRP PHAFER clairvoyant card reader', alt-
I tings tially. 44S^» Jejsle at., bet. Rth and fh.
i OLDKKT lady palmist and card reader In city,
i 2C^ Kearny, room 20; ladles 25o, csnts 60c.
j "TrAiiipKT^nKATlXG AKI» CLKAWI5O.
I AIR. Compressed, dry. ice cold, is now univer-
sally ui-e<l in «.anltarlly cleaning carpets, on
fl<x>r. v Uncut removal or Injury: prices mod-
erate. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call hlc: phone Main 62J7.
WHEN rou beccm* disgusted with your work
*en.l f<r SPAULDINQ'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Work*. 3MhSST Tehama et. ; tel. South 40.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J McQueen,
I proprietor. :i2i» Guerrero nt.; tel. Mission 4U.
i THY I1OPKE BHOS.; excellent carpet-beating:
i tnattit**e». made over. 1432 Howard :South 216
I ADVANCE «'aiT^t Cleaning Co.. 402 Putter St.;
tel. Math .T.U. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Prop*.
j UUPOLPH £ CO.. carprt-bcattng works: prlcts
. ! *-easo:»ablK 1703 Harrison s*.; tel.MUsion 283.
CUNKLIN'S t^ui>erior Carpet-beat l:.g Works.
:»« Goiden Gut" ave.: telephone Eaat 12G.
UEXTISTS.
I DR. LUPLVM HILL. 1443 Market. nr.Eleventh
— No chnrKf for«xtractlng when plates are
I made: old platesmade over like new; teeth
I from $S i>er set: rxtractlng, 30c: gas clven.
! A NKW plate— The Whalebone— cannot break:
warrant"".! 20 }r». ; crown. $3 SO: fllllriKa, MV;
p'ate*. }5: full set: all work painlras and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlora. 24 Sixth st.
GuLP filllnrs. 75c; silver. 3.V; crown*, $2; no
j pain: open Sunday. nr.O.B.Hewltt.2i4 Sutter.
i PARIS rental Pariors. 2:15 Keamy. cor. Bush—
Set teeth. ?1 .Vi up; crown*. $2 up; fillings, 25c
I 10 PEIt CENT off this month: estimates free.
New Yrrk lVntlrt*. t>O> Ml««lnn st.y cor. 6th.
IJHKSSMAKiiltS Al SK4JUSTRKSH129.
MeDOWELL Pressmaking and Millinery School
— Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 MarkeL
ACCORDION, t unburst A knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
4 DTEING AND CLEAJIH&.
EKA bre.-i.fi sweeten all garments, blanket*,
lace curtalna. etc.. done by the Presidio
Heights Dye Work*. 3Ulfl Sacramento; phon<*
lor wagon. West 4.V>. II. HICKMAN. prey.
A — CALUWCLL Collegre of Oratory. Acting.
Opera and Authorship; largest In the W«att;
14 teachers; poaltions guaranteed; fall term
begins Sept. 7; day & evening class; beautiful
new catalogue free. 1295 Market, cor. Ninth.
HEALrrS BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Poet. 8.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing;,
languages, telegraphy. English branches;
day and night cessions; lllus. catalogue free.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College, 1230 Mar-
ket: modern, progressive,' practical; estab-
lUhed IS years. Gregg shorthand, fastest.
ratlest. moft readable. Actual burlneas
bookkeeping; typewriter at home free.
ATRE8, the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket at.; special summer course in all depart-
ment*: handsome, catalogue free: life scholar-
: h'p. (30; day and evening aezaions.
CALIFORNIA Bu*lness College. 305 Larkln «U
"A thorough school"; positions secured for
graduates; modern methods; individual In-
ttruc'.it n Write for illustrated catalogue.
IIIN'MAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
danclnx; establiFheti SO yeara. 1412 Polk at..
betwe<n Pine and California; both adult and
children's classes are now open for the season.
HEAl.P'S Bdwel «f Mines & ElectrlcUy.24 Post
»t.. S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
• >.-oinp:ct«» equipment. Special catalogue free.
THE lierlltx school of Languages haa removed
to HXRJ Van Ness ave.; rates reduced during
turnmer. Send for catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. rein., mech.. *ur-
\ey. i»«y, rvanide; day. eve; eat. 1S64. Van
dcr Nallleti School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
SYSTEM, discipline and results: the Golden
Gate Commercial College, Van Ness and
Golden Oat; ave*.,S.F.; fills every requlremnt
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday and
t>unday fun'no at Teutonta. Hall. Howard
»t.. near Ninth; management Prof. Foister.
PIANO «rd German; pupil of Lelpslc Constr-
vatory: lessons 75c and $1. StC Oolden Gale.
AT Klnjnkland Art Shop — Drawing, painting
and burnt work. 11S4 Halght at., near* Lyon.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTOX'S, 424 Pine st....Nljcht daw.
LESSONS given In Water Color or Oil Paint-
Ing from Xature. CURRIER. 372 Sutter *t.
ARITHMETIC bookke*t>lnjr. arrammar.wrttlnsc.
etc.; day or eve.; $i tno. 1C24 Ml?slon.nr.6th.
Chicago Business College, M$5 Market, nr.lOOu
1 Pltunao shorthand, typing, bookkpg.. $S mo.
HELP WASTED— MALE— Con.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S Emp. Offlca
429 Bush St «2 Clay St.
Hello Grant 185
SHIPPING DAY TO- DAT— FREE FARB
i FOR
........500 men for 8tate of Nevada
«.¦ laborers, muckers, drillers, hammersmen,
fence builders, concrete work $2-$3 day
Frea Fare Ship To-Day Free- Far*
Office Fee $1
For "/Hilts. Cal.. laborers $2 25
Extra gang for Traey $1 TO
Section gang for San Joee (1 60
..ABSOLUTELY FREE FARBJ FOR ALl/.
ABOVE
For Chlco. Butte County. Cal i
Diamond Match Company j
Teamsters, laborers rockmen $2 25-$2 50
Special rate fare, $2 80 Ship To-Day
..For New Work. El Dorado County. Cal..
Big Flume and Ditch
Rough carpenters, hammersmen |1! 5O-S3
Laborers $2 25
Special rate. fare. $3 65 Ship To-Day
NEW LEVEE W0RK....Fan» $1 90
10 teamsters $2 25
80 lumber pliers, north $52 and found
Camp blacksmith. $60 and found; quarry-
men, laborers, farmers, choremen. milkers;
man and wife, private paace, $35
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
6 R. R. camp cooks. .. .$40-$6o Free Fare
Ironer and polisher, country hotel laundry.
$40 and found, free fare; mangle boys, same
place, $18; houseman, country hotel, free
fare, $30; 2 waiters, same country hotel, $30,
fare advanced, see boss here; porter, country
hotel. $30. free fare: houseman, city. $30; 2
bakera' helpers. $30-$25
C R. HANSEN & CO Employment Offlce
429 Bush st 642 Clay st.
8 LABORERS for mill and woods, $40 and
found, fare advanced; alngle loreman for
fruit ranch; man and wife, private place, $40
and found; gardener. $25 and found; coach-
man, $35 and found; 3 section men for rail-
road. $2 day; laundryman, $40 and found;
handy man about Institution, $30 and found:
Jobbing blacksmith and shoer, $3 day; la-
borers for quarries, mtnea, mill and woods at
$2 and 92 r>0 day and $1 &0 and board;
miners, $3 day; wood choppers, $1 50 cord,
and others J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62$
Sacramento st.
BUTLER, $35 and found; hotel second cook,
$50; restaurant second cook. $60; baker and
pastry cook, $60; cook and wife. $60 and
found; ranch cook. $30 and found; cook
for Institution. $.15 and found; hotel
cooks, $X"> and $45 and found; assistant bar-
keeper. $25 and found; waiter and wife, $40
and found, and others. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 628 Sacramento st.
ANDRE'S Offlce, 317 Stockton at.— Cook and
dishwasher. »pring«i. $75; cook for saloon,
near city, $40; second cook, $70; broiler. $60;
assistant baker, $30; restaurant butcher, $50;
waiter, hotel, near city, $30: waiter, coun-
try. $30; kitchen hand and laundryman. fam-
ily. $30; potwasher. $30; coachman. $40; sta-
bleman, $30: helper In dyeing
works, ft a day; porter for hospital, $20, etc.
A-rHOTEL OAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r. 12 —
Fry cook.- $.V>; watchman. $25; colored wait-
er, $32; waiters. $30.
WANTED — Pants operators; union workshop;
union wages. Apply 27 Geary st. S N.
WOOD & CO.
A THOROUGHLY competent clothing sales-
man: none other need apply. S. N. WOOD
& CO.
A YOUNG man to anslst In wrapping depart-
ment. S. N. WOOD & CO.
FIRST-CLASS cutter! Apply S. N. WOOD &
CO.. 740 Market st.
CASH boys wanted. S. N. WOOD & CO.
MR. A T. SWENSON. vice president of an
Eastern Jewelry house, at Occidental Hotel
Thursday and Friday, wants two first-class
specialty salesmen; line handled on com-
mission.
WANTED — Young man who Is an experienced
dry goods delivery clerk; one capable of tak-
ing charge of delivery department; state age,
experience and salary expected. Apply box
2433, CaJl offlce.
WANTED — Good young butcher for shop and
wagon: $10 or $12 per week and board and
room, or $1S to ?1S per week without. 1&23
Pt. Lobos ave.
WANTED, at once — 2 errand boys over 12
years old. at JOE ROSENBERG'S store) SIS
Market st.
,2 NEAT hustlers adapted for ex-Insurance
or sewing machine agents: permanent: good
pay. Apply 573 Ellis st.. bet. 4:30 and 5:30.
ASSISTANT manager for shoe store. State
age, experience reference and salary expect-
ed. Address box 2435. Call offlce.
WANTED — A responsible young man to taks
charge of empty houses prior to rental. Ap-
ply 302S Jackson st., 9 a. m.
A MAN of indomitable energy and push, a good
talker, eager to make money. F. PERSON.
477 and 4SS Parrott building.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
express or mall chgs. 11 Third St.. Exam. bid.
BOY wanted. Apply ALFRED L1LIENFELD,
70S Market St.. room 211. /
LARGE errand boy for tailor shop. 110A Wll-
Ham St., off Geary, near Taylor.
CANDYMAKER: first-class man on retail
goods. SELBY'S. 1150 Market st.
STEADY, active boy for wholesale house: state
age and experience. Box 24:w, Call office.
BOOTBLACK for barber shop. 719 Market
st. ;' bring own outfit.
WANTED — Man to work on farm. Apply 119
Tenth st.
WANTED— A dishwasher. 145 Fifth st.
EXPERIENCED and reliable restaurant cook;
small place; man or woman. 52 Eighth st.
LUNCH waiter. 4.14 Fifth st.
WANTED — Dishwasher. 261 First st.
TRY our men's ehoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 60 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
express or mall chgs. 11 Third st.. Exam. bid.
WANTED— Practical dishwasher. " Call early
G12 Kearny at. -_.
LUNCH waiter; 75c. 501 Twentieth St., near/
Union |ron Works. '
A LUNCH waiter wanted. 13fl Second st.
BLACKSMITH to do repairing. Fourteenth
ave. and N St.; take Kentucky-st. cars.
WAITER In small restaurant. 25S5 Market
St., near Sixteenth.
WANTED — Oyster man; '¦ also porter, at 4BD
* Seventh st.. Oakland.
BARBER Fhop; 4 Uvtnt rooms; cheap rent; 3
years' lease; reasonable. 22fl Hayes st.
A SALESMAN and manager for large depart-
ment ooys' and children's clothing. AddreES.
stating experience and labt position, box
2427. Call offlce. ¦
WANTED— Young man from 18 to IS years of
age to leaxn the dry goods business. Apply
between 0 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
BARBERS— Best bargain: 2 chairs; steady;
no reasonable offer refused. 2 1 Summer st.,
off Montgomery, between Tine and California.
TAILORS — Coat maker and ladles' tailor want-
ed for Vallejo. STEIN. SIMON & CO.. Mar-
ket and Second sta.
YOUNG men for Australian ships; also sailors,
at HERMAN'S, 2U Steuart 8t. ¦¦.--.'-,
FOR sale — $35: 1-chalr barber shop; 5 rooms;
rent S5. 8 Thirteenth st. , 1
COATMAKER for country.' REISS BROS. *
CO., 24 Sutter st. - .
Boilermakers; steady employment to right men;
state exp.: wages standard. Box 2413, CalL
Are you hunting for work of no matter what kind?
"We will drop you a hint how a plaoe you may 'find:
Put an ad. In The Call, for so thousands have done
And have got what they wished— we have never found one
Who's not willing-, to say that a great aid to all
Who are seeking: rood Jobs are Want Ads of The Call.¦ Alphonse SeiUer, who last .September
paid R. F. MacKenzfe $1000 for a tea and
coffee i route, filed a suit yesterday- for
an • injunction ¦ restraining the latter from
embarking :' In the same business ' again.
Seiller claims -that when he bought Mac-
Kenzie out the latter agreed to remain
out ¦; of itbe. business. .--•'':
Does Not —ike a Rival.
High School Organizes Ball Team.
SANTA CRUZ. Aug. .26.— The Santa
Cruz High. School recently organized a
baseball team and will, cross bats Satur
day with the Watsonville nine. Teams
have been organized in the high schools
at Salinas, Monterey, Hollister, Pacific
Grove, Santa Clara and Chestiiutwoods
Business College of Santa Cruz.
TONOPAH MINES.
. . Bld.Aek.f - • Bld.Ask.
Esperanzji *....- 03 . 04 Paymaster .. —.25
Gipsy Queen'. 25 — |Rescue 00 12
Gold Mount'.'. — 07 T Belmont ...1 70 —
Hannapah ... — 21 Ton & Cal... 25 32
Lucky Tom ... — 15 Ton* G W.-. — ' 10
.MacNamara ¦ . <<—... 20 Tan ¦ Nh star. ... 40 45
Mizpah Ex.... — . 35!Ton Midway. , t 25 48
Lady Wash... 04 <XT United Ton .. 15 —
TONOPAH MIJKNO EXCHANGE.
. following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
• Morning Session.
600 MacNamara .. 20} 300 Rescue 10
000 Mon TOIL....1 07^11000 Cen Eureka.. 8*
'Afternoon Session.
2000 Eeperanza ... 031 60 Ton Belmont..l SO
100 MonTon ...1 07. #|
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY, Aug. 26— «. p. rn.
Bld.Ask. Bid.Ask.
Alpha, OC OOJulIa 02 04
Alta 05 07 Justice 10 12
Andes ........ 15" 16 Kentuek 02 03
Belcher 29 31 Mexican .....1 00 1 05
Best & Bel... 1 65 1 76 Occidental ... 41 43
Bullion .. 02 03 Ophlr 1 55 1 60
Caledonia.... 90 ; »3 Overman ..... 2tf 28
Chal Con .... 20. . 20jPotosl 15 10
Chollar. ...... 14 10 Savage ...... 23 24
Confidence ... 95 1 03. Scorpion ..... 02 04
Con Cal & V.I 40 1 45 Peg Belcher ..10 11
Con Imperial.. :-©3 04 Sierra Nev.... , 63 64
Con N Y .... 12 13 Silver Hill.... 69 70
Crown Point ; 15 ; 1« St Louis .... 12 16
Eureka. ...'..., 40 -Syndicate — 00
Exchequer ... 05 06 Union Con ». 63 04
Gould & Cur. 29 30 Utah i 20 21
Hale & Nor.. 41 .44 Yellow Jack.. 57. 08
Lady Wash. .... 04 05'
Yarmouth; England, exported over 272,
000 barrels of cured herrings to the con
tinent during the last year. /
Continued From Page Eleven.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
The suit of Jennie White against the
executors of the -estate of her husband,
Jonathan L.. -White, will not be heard
until next Monday at 10:30. It was set
for hearing* in Judge Troutt's court yes
terday, but was continued on account of
an unexpected delay in the trial of a suit
preceding it on tho calendar.
White Case Continued.
SEATTLE. Wash.. Aug. 25. — The Meadows
summary : .
2:20 pace-rAVon by Ollle M In two straight
heats. Oma A was second; field -distanced in
second heat. Best time. 2:20&. ' *
Four furlongs — McAlbert won. Black Cloud
second. Barnato third. Time. :51%,
Five and a half furlongs — Rosebud won,
Nona D second.. Jim Gore third. Time 1:15^.
One mile — Axmlnster won. Filibuster second
Casdale third. Time. 1:44 «J. ¦
Five furlongs — Jerld won. Step Around sec
ond, Sol Lichtenstein third.. Time. 1:0314.
Seven furlongs — Ultruda won. Assessment
second. Dunblane third. Time. 1:30%.
Racing at The Meadows.
Al Elklns had little difficulty in beating
"Walter Walker. to a standstill In the' first
round. Jim Malcolm ! proved a . better
slugger than Charles Kelly and was given
the decision. Tom Sullivan knocked Joe
Fountain out in two rounds.
Paul Martin, the amateur featherweight
champion boxer t>f the coast, successfully
defended 'his title against Lew Powell last
night before the Bay City Athletic Club.
The fight was probably the best of Ha
kind ever seen In the amateur arena and
the immense crowd was in suspense dur
ing every- moment of. the herce struggle.
Powell started to rush his man in the
Initial round and for a time he looked a
winner. Martin's cleverness, however,
stood by him and he ducked many a vi
cious swing that would have put him down
and out. In the second Martin began to
force the fighting and he maintained the
lead from that time on. Powell was as
game as a pebble and fought every min
ute of the time. Martin had the better of
the last two rounds by a wide margin and
was given the decision amid the cheers of
the spectators.
The rest of the programme was in keep
ing with the main event, every fight being
a warm one and full of incidents. Dick
Highland won from Jim Linegar in two
rounds of the hottest kind of fighting. Joe
Thomas finished George Platt, the navy
champion in four rounds, both men fight
ing gamely all the time. •
Feather-Weights Fight Four Fierce
Bounds and the Champion Out
• : points Opponent.
MARTIN DEFENDS TITLE
AGAINST LEW POWELL
HONGKONG— Sailed Ausr 26— Stmr Empress
of India, for Vancouver, via Shanghai. Hlogo
and Yokohama. . ,
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Aug 23— Stmr Belgen
lanrf. for Philadelphia, via Queenstown; stmr
Kensington, for Portland. Me.; stmr Ger
manic, for New York, via Queehstown.
NEW YORK— Arrived Aug 2fi— Stmr Mon
golian, from Glasgow
LONDON— Arrived Aug 26 — Stmr Marquette.
from New York.
Sailed Aug. 26— Stmr America, for Balti
more. . .
OCEAN STEAMERS
Arrived Aug 26 — Br ship Sardomene, from
Dunkirk; Jap stmr Rlojun Maru, from Hong
kong. - ¦
ABERDEEN— Saile! Auk 2«— 8chr Halcyon,
fftr San Francisco.
Arrived Aug 2t" — Stmr Santa Monica, hence
Aog 22; schr Comet.* from Santa Barbara.
SEATTLE — Sailed Aug 26 — Stmr Nome City,
for Values; »tmr Centennial, for Saa Fran
cisco.
SAILED.
Wednesday, Aufi^st 28.
Stmr Acme, Lundqulst. Coos Bay.-
Stmr Geo W. Elder. Randall. Astoria and
Portland. v '¦'¦¦;¦¦¦¦¦
Stmr Arga. Dunham. Eel River.
~ y:; domestic ports.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, August 24.
Stmr Mandalay. Payne. 40 hours from R«
dondo.
Pchr Cham. W Waack. 5 hours from Bo
linas. " .
BOSTON. Aug. 28. — Boston won from New
York, 6 to 5, and lost. 3 to 2. In a double
header. Throws by Tenney that hit base
•runners gave New York a long lead in the firat
game, but the locals retaliated by knocking
Matthewson out of the box. McGraw was or
dered off .the field and Gilbert out of the game
for disputing the umpire. The second game
wan a pitchers' battle. Boston was ahead and
two New Yorkers were out in the ninth when
Bowerman made a home run. Attendance.
2214. Score: • '.5^
First game— R. H. E.
Boston 8 1* 4
New York 6 7 1
Batteries — Williams and Moran; Matthew
son. Taylor and Warner.
' Second game— R. H. E.
Boston 2 7 4
New York 3 7,2
. Batteries — Carney and Mcran: Cronln^ and
Bowerman. Umpires — Hurst and Moran.
BROOKLYN. Aug. 2C— In a close game
here to-day the home t«am defeated the Phila
delphia*. For seven innings the visitors failed
to get a man across the plate, but in the eighth
hits by Sparks and Wolverton and errors by
Dahlen and Jordan gave them all their runs.
Attendance. 1500. Score:
R. H. E.
Brooklyn 5 8 3
Philadelphia 3 0 2
Batteries — Garvin and Hitter; Sparks and
Zimmerman. Umpire — O'Day.
• ¦ AMERICAN LEAGUE.
.PHILADELPHIA. Aug. 2C— Superb pitch
ing by Dineen was the chief obstacle in the
way of a victory ¦ for the locals to-day. , In
the ninth inning, with one out and three men
on bases, a lightning double play by Ferris.
Parent and Lachance ended the game with a
ihut out for the home team. Attendance,
TOCO. Score: <¦
- R. H. E.
Boston 3 8 0
Philadelphia 0 5 2
Batteries — Dineen and Criger; Bender and
Schreck.
NEW YORK. Aug. 26.— New York to-day
lost the first game of the series with Wash
ington- Errors by Williams and Tannehlll. a
two-bagger by Ryan and Clark's out at first
base gave the* visitors their runa in the open
ing Inning. Attendance, 1600. Score:
¦ ' ' R H E_
Washlngton ..". 2* «' 0
New York ......; 1 « 3'
• Batteries — Dunkle and Kittredge; Tannehlil
and Bevllle. \
' CLEVELAND, Aug. 26. — Moore was un
steady In the first two innings and 8t. Louis
took a lead of four runs. Then he settled
down and prevented the visitors from scoring
again. In the meantime Cleveland batted
Pelly hard, and aided by errors scored twelve
runs. Attendance,' 2500. Score:
R. H. E.
Cleveland 12 12 3
St. Louis - 4. 0 4
Ratterles — Moore and Beznis; Pelly and Sug
den. :
DETROIT. Aug. 26.— Paterson gave but one
base, on balls in to-day'a game, but It was
when. the score was tied and there were threa
on bases, arlvtng Detroit the winning run.
Chicago, outhlt and, outflelded the locals. At
tendance. • 181S. Score :
. R. H. E.
Detroit 4 7 i
Chicago . 8 10 3
Batteries — Mullln and Buelow; Patterson and
Slattery. , . . :.
New York Wins One Game and Loses
v, the Other of a Double-
Eeader. !
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
McGEAW IS ORDERED
OFF FIELD BY UJMPIBE
¦ ¦ ¦ ?
Am?rtcan League — Bostoh. New York. Phila
delphia, Washington. Cleveland. Detroit, Chi
cago and St. Louis.
Neither major league circuit shall be changed
without the consent of the majority of the
clubs of each major league.
Contracts with players must be respected
under penalties, specified in the agreement.
The right and title of a major league club
to its players shall be absolute and can only
be terminated by release or failure to serve
under terms of this agreement by the club to
which a player has been under contract.
When a major league club serves notice of
release ou one' of its players he shall be in
eligible to contract with a club of another
league if during ten days after the service of
such notice of release a club in the league in
which he has been playing shall demand his
6ervices. .
The practice of farming is prohibited. All
right "of claim of a major league club to a
player shall cease when such player becomes a
member of the minor league 'and no arrange
ment between the clubs for the loan or return
of a player shall be binding between the par
ties to it or recognized by other clubs.
The right of a minor league to its players
shall be 'absolute, except that from August 15
to October 15 of each year major league clubs
shall have the privilege of selecting players
from National Association clubs _for the next
season upon the payment of $730 for each
player so selected from clubs in class B
leagues, $300 for each player so selected from
clubs of a lower class, the payments to be
made to the secretary of the commission, aa
follows:
¦ Thirty-three and one-third per cent of the
amount when the "selection is made; 33 1-3 per
cent on April 15 following, and 33 1-3 per cent
on May 15 following, the player to revert to
the club from which he waa selected if the
selecting club defaults on any of the pay
ments- the player also to revert to the club
from which he was selected if. when released,
he is not signed within ten days by a club of
a major league.
A major league club may at any time pur
chase the releass of a player from a minor
league club to take effect forthwith or at the
specified date, provided such purchase is re
corded with the secretary of the commission
for promulgation within five days of the date
of, the transaction.
Several of the articles are designed to pro
tect the Interests of the players. A player
suspended for a period longer than ten daya
shall have the right to appeal to the commis-
Playing games for a stake is prohibited. A
player on a club Is forbidden to accept a eum
of money as an Inducement or reward for spe
cial effort on his part to win a game. - .
BUFFALO, N. Y.. Aug. 23.— One of the
most Important meetings in the history
of baseball ended at 9 o'clock to-night'
after a two days' session. Representa
tives of the National, American and Na
tional Association of Minor Leagues par
ticipated. With the draft of an agree
ment drawn. up by the minor league rep
resentatives before them, the major
league officials drew up a carefully word
ed agreement and submitted it at the final
meeting to-night. This agreement, will be
acted upon at a meeting of the National
Association of Minor Leagues to be held
within the next ten days. James A. Hart
of Chicago of the National League said:
"We have conceded practically every
demand of the minor leagues. They will
have absolute control of their internal
affairs. 1 think the members of the Na
tional Association of Minor Leagues will
s^e the matter in the same light at their
meeting to be held within the next fort
night." The agreement says, in part: j
The major leagues shall adopt all rules gov
erning the game of baseball.
The circuits of each major league shall con
sist of the following cities:
N'atlqnal League— Boston. New York. Brook
lyn. Philadelphia. Pittsburg. Chicago, St. Louis
and Cincinnati.
Concede Practically Every
- Demand of the Minor
Organizations.
New Agreement Drawn
Up by. Big League
Magnates.
BASEBALL MEN
IN CONFERENCE
A largely attended meeting of the Inter
state Coursing Club was held last night In
Pythian Castle. Dr. "W. J. Horsford was
elected president, vice Joseph Shea, re
signed. J. H. Kosseter. who was second
vice president, was made first vice presi
dent and Victor Noble was elected second
vice president. .
H. A. .Talbot and John Sutton were
elected delegates to the California Cours
ing Committee.
It was decided to run the California Fu
turity on September 28 and 27. The John
Grace challenge cup will be run October
31 and November l: Both will be decided
on Union Park field. Committees were
appointed to arrange all details for these
stakes. Much enthusiasm was manifested
by the large attendance.
The draw for the stake to be run at
Union Coursing Park on Sunday was held
last night and resulted as follows:
Open stake, fr* dogs— Sllv«rblan.1 \a. Bonnie
Pasha; Cluster vs. Pretty Face; Special t».
Firm Fellow; Don JVilro vs. Vli:a; Reckless
Acrobat v». Concord Hoy; Ragffe*.l Actor vs.
Jack Short; Eempronlus vs. Tralee Boy; Liber
ator vs. Glancing Pasha: Fenil va. Clorerdale;
Fair Oaks vs. Ploughman; Algy Melxinald vs.
Mike Rice; Redwood Lad vs. Irvlngton Tralee:
Los Angeles vs. Golden Light; Wattles vs.
Hi/by Sankey; Fontenoy vs. Margueritte;
Adonis Vs. Lady Pinto; Rural Artist vs. St.
Conn; Yankee Hoy vs. Lord iJoff; Dear Oas
ton va. Maid of the Glen; Reno vs. Concord
Tralee: Haphazard vs. Roxana; Van Nor* vs.
Red Rock: Eelle Free vs. Roman Athlete:
Otto vs. Cremo; Royal Archer v». Frisky Bar
bara; Bcota vs. ru-ta S. ; Mountain Poet »*.
Flaunt; Progresso vs. Flying Pasha; Thelm*
vs. HandlcaDDer; Master Rocket vs. Manhat
tan King; Van Xcye vs. Old Ironsides; Pike*
vs. Pepper Hill.
Rich Coursing Fixture Will Be Bun
Late in September at
Union Park.
LEASHMEN SELECT A DATE
FOR THE FUTURITY STAKE
THE FAN FRANCISCO CALL, THUESD AY, AUGUST 27, 1903.
13
j it r : a i. fl^T « r— ! ~»— tv-~ yojR^J^J'Jg;
CALIFORNIA ST. RESIDENCE.-
i ' '. .; .. PRICE. $12C0.
' VF.P.Y good 2-story and basement residence,
containing <l rooms ar.d bath and 2 rooms In
¦i basement for ejt-rvants;- concrete coping In
front of house and concrete etaira leading to
front door: solid oak vestibule and oak doorw;
f.ne gas. fixtures; good hardware; good plumb-
ing, an especially well built and arranged
hou?e. with fine southern and sunny <" X P OS '
urc: basement is plastered and floored: fine
funny yard; in a coming residence location;
convenient to 3 car lines; artificial stone
cidrwalk laid. Mortpajte of KZC0 for 2 years
at « per cent can- rr-matn en this property:
therefore this place can be bought to-day for
only $1700 cash.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS. m
Real Estate Agents.
5 Montgomery.
TAKE YOUR *WIFE AND FAMILY,
TO MILL VALLEY ON SCND.\Y
And see the eplendld lota we are offering
riptit at the station for $4<W; terms 10 per
rent cash, balance ?1O monthly: v large lots.
M3xl25. The new' electric train? are now
running; the best service in the country. You
will have a pleasant outing, and if you *uy
a lot It will prove a • very profitable one;
values are bound to increase; agents on the
crcuncs Sundays. LYON & HOAG, 110
Montgomery Bt.
$40,000— BRICK building in the very business
enter of Oakland, paying 6 per cent
net; clear of all taxe«. insurance and
repairs: under guaranteed leaw; prop-
erty cost *»;r..eu<). I must sell imme-.
diately. Address Owner. Box 816, Call
olnce, Oakland. .
j i :
i STOP PAYING RENT.
$100 dewn. bal. $20 per month: cottage 5 r.
1 and b.. on 20th st.. half block Castro-st. cars.
$250 down bal. $20 per month; ccttaee 5 f.
) and U.. Fanchrr st. Office open on Sunday.
D. COFFIN Jfc CO.. 3303 Mission st.
! A BARGAIN— $1250: CORNER LOT. 2 FLATS:
LOT 25x114; 1S4 CLIPPER ST. SEE
OWNER ON PREMISES.
FOR sale — House 8 rms. : high ha«ement; sunny
side lftth. bet. Valencia and Mission; no reas.
offer refused. Stephens & Co.. Unlon-sq. Mkt.
j A WEEK'S news fcr 0 cents— The Weekly Call.
1C pages, in wrapper, fcr mnil'.nc. SI per year.
REAL. ESTATE — Connlry— For Sale.
FOR sale cheap — Whitehoure report, rear Fair-
fax, consisting of restaurant business and
furnished rooms in connection therewith; 2i
Fets of furniture, horses, wacons. etc. For
particulars apply M. COCIIRANE. San Ra-
.'ael, Cal.
ALFALFA lands stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues eent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. MS
Market et. ;
$2MX> BUYS 120-acre ranch, near Yountville;
house barn. good water; 30 acres vines.
Apply or address Owner, 916 Second at.,
Napa. _
PO1XT HICH31OXD REAb ESTATE.
•WATER frcnt lots and bargains: all tracts;
raapg. rhotoe. etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bldg.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALASIEDA REAL ESTATE.
' JUST WHAT YOU ARE LOOKING FOR.
A PRETTY HOME IN ALAMEDA.
Surrounded by flowers and fruit trees; near
train and 6chocls; only $2S5O; lot 75x125.
Nice 5-room cottaee and bath.
! ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
; Tel. Or. nd 14fil. 15OO Park St.. Alameda.
1 BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
! BERKELEY REAL. ESTATE.
; CHENEY & BEUBV.
' UNIVEKFITY HEIGHTS TRACT. AD-
. JOINING UNIVERSITY GROUNDS, COM-
; MANDING FINE VIEW OF SAN FRAN-
CISCO BAY; ACRE LOTS IN THIS TRACT
; FOR SALE AT $400.
$1500 — Fine acre lot, -North .Berkeley.
$WK) — Lets on Parker et.; street work done;
half block from Grove-st. car line.
$2000—6 . rooniB .and. baxh; lot- C0xl20: street
work done; modern plumbing; 1 block
frcm proposed car line.
! $35W> — 7-room house; barn; large lot; on street
car line: exceptionally easy terms to re-
sponsible party.
' $1550 cash — 5-room bouse, near College ave.;
lot 40x120.
'¦ 40 lot« — 1 block from car line; 4 blocks from
high school: $400 to $C00 each.
CHENEY & BERRY.
P. O. Block. Berkeley.
| AN opportunity seldom met with; I have a
1 now 2-story 7-room house, 4 bedrooms,
equipped with all modern conveniences, gas,
electric lights, etc., on an improved street.
• enly 2 blocks from the station, which I will
; ! cell to a reliabls party on the following
: terms: $100 cash and the balance In month-
ly installments; whole price $3500.
JOSEPH J. MASON. Real Eetate.
Cor. Ehattuck ave. and Center. Berkeley.
FINE. new. handsome cottages; up to date; all
conveniences ; close to cars; large lota; $1550
to $1600; only $200 cash, balance $1<S CO p«r
rnc-Bth.
W. C MORAN, Lcrtn station, or
C C. EMSLIE. Ashby rtatlon.
COTTAGE, 3 rooms, furnished for housekeep-
ing; half block* from cars and train. Inquire
cor. Itose st. and Shattuck ave., Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 -ROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL. ESTATE.
CAPITALISTS, attention— A building site you
might seek for ages and never find Its equal;
corner Seventeenth ave, and Eighteenth 6t.,
opposite Independence Park East Oakland;
lot 150x140; from Its apex, easy of access, the
surrounding hills, valleys and ¦ waters form
one grand panorama; muet.be seen to be ap-
preciated; the right party desiring to build.
Inducements will be offered. 455 Seventh st..
Oakland. H. Z. JONES.
Land Owner.
S ~~~- :
I BARGAIN. ..i.';
Positively the most eleganf improved grounds
in Alameda County: fine 9-room residence
and barn; lot 00x150; on the west side of
! Telegraph ave.
BERKELEY.
A 4-rocm cottage on a large lot, 80x150. This
is a Fnco at $1250.
M. L. Wl'RTS 17th st. and Broadway.
$to.(*x> — BRICK building in the very business
center of Oakland, paying 0 per cent net;
clear of all taxes, insurance , and repairs;
; under guaranteed lease; property cost $05,-
000. 1 muEt sell' Immediately. Addreei
Owner, box felO. Call offlce, Oakland.
HOUSE 6 rooms, etc.; modern; 837 37th «t..
near Syndicate bank and station; a prlvata
loan at your' own terms of payment. Address
I?ull>er. 931 COth st.-. Oakland. Cal.
OAKLAND FOn MS II ED FLATS.
COMPLETELY furnlehed flat, and lower flat
partly furnished, for adults. 541 13th St..
Oakland. ' '
OAKLAND Fl'RMTURB FOR SAL—.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains in furni-
ture. If. Schrllhrjar, 11th ft.. cor. store.Oaklnd
LEGAL ADVERTISEME>TS.
IN the Superior Court of the City and County
of San Francisco State of California. — Filed
August . 25. l!»yi. ALBERT B. MAHONY,
Clerk by E. J. CASEY, Deputy Clerk; No.
29.UO. Probetp— In the matter of the estate
of ALICE SKAE, deceased. Notice tor pub-
lication of time appointed for* probate of will.
C C. P.. Sec. 1.M5.— Notice is hereby given
that Tuesday, the ' 8th day of September,
A. D. 11W.1. at 10 o'clock a. m. of that day.
and the courtroom of Department No. 0 of
said court, at the City Hall, In the City and
County of San Francisco, State of California,
have been appointed as the time and place
for proving the duly -authenticated copy of
the will and codicil of said ALICE SKAE.
deceased, and of the probate thereof and
for hearing the application of MERCAN-
TILE TRUST COMPANY of San Francisco,
a corporation, for the issuance to it nl let-
ters testamentary thereon. [Sea].] ALBERT
U. MAHONY. Clerk, by E. J. CASEY.
Ueputy Clerk. Dated, August 25. A. D. 1003.
MORRISON & COPE, attorneys for pe-
titioner.
¦ NOTICE Is hereby given that the grocery and
bar at «J71 Harrison ft. will change hands
• bout the 1st of September. " ¦¦ f ••
SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
poelthrely cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
meat free. Dr. Cottiogham. 201 Sutter st. ¦
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
FELL, 228— Elegant puite, furnished for house-
keeping; $14: bath, gae range; adults. '
HERBERT (The) — Sunny apartments for
housekeeping ; gas ranges; Just newly fur-
nished. IMP Polk tt.
JESSIE, 353— Sunny room; running water; gas
. ranfre; furntehed housekeeping; $10.
KEARNY, 101 — Sunny front suite; unfur-
nished; newly papered; no children; refs.
! MCALLISTER, Kt5— Nicely furnlfhed suite: gas
range, hot bath, laundry r adults; $7 to-$14^
SEVENTEENTH. -3324. near .Mission; 3 fur-
nished hpkg. rooms; adults; refs exchangedi
EOL'TH PARK, S4 — One or two rooms, nicely
furnished for housekeeping. ¦ . '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch ofTce. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Fubscriptlons has been established at 10d3
Valencia st. '
APARTMENTS TO LET.
"EL MONTEREY." the city's newest apart-
ment hoU'i, located on the north side of
Pln»? St.. bttween Hyde and Lea veil worth; a
superb brick building of Spanish architec-
ture; all the comforts of housekseplnjt com-
bined with the conveniences of hotel life; for
f.'JO per month you can secure here an unfur-
nished 3-room apartment, consisting of large
living-room with gas grate and mantel, bed-
room with bay-window and closet; kitchen
equipped with gan range, built-in china
! closet and hot and cold water; bathroom
j with toilet and porcelain tub (hot and coid
water): this price aUo includes janitor ser-
vice night and day and night and day ele-
ratOr service; only ten minutes' walk from
Powell and Market; see these apartments
to-day.
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. and Unforn.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth— Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
i light housekeeping rooms ; open all night.
j AT "The Almonte." 873 Market St. (or No. 1
i Fifth st.)— Rooms, 25c, 50c, 51, $1 50 night;
' (1 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
I ANTLERS, 415 Turk »t. — Strictly modern; 4-5
j room apartments; fur. or unfur. for hskpg.
' BTRNETtT~H2C Market— (old No. 1364)— Fur-
i nished rooms, suites, single; also unfurnished.
' CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason — Elegantly
: furnished sunny rooms: prices reasonable.
| FOLSOM. "776U— Neatly furnished room, suit-
able /or 1 or"2 gentlemen; rent reasonable.
'¦ GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 50c
to $1 50 night; $2 to $:i week; reading-room.
GUERRERO. 1203. near Twenty-fourth— Four !
unfurnished rooms; $15.
HOTEL GRAYSTONE
(i<5 Geary «t.; phone Bush SSO.
Centrally located fireproof hotel; elegantly
furnished suites, with baths and singles.
JESSIE, 359— Nl6ely furnished front room for
gentleman; $7; sras. phone.
MASON, 217 — Sunny rooms; quiet, respectable
house;' board optional; phone Howard 2G90. >
O'FARRELL 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
i THE FERNDALE 7 Grant ave. — Furnished
bedroom and kitchen; $5 per week.
TITRK. 121S — Large sunny front room; second
floor. ' ¦
THE FERNDALE. 7 Grant ave.— Furnished
rooms. $2 up; transient. -
UNITED STATES. 121 Eddy St., near Market—
400 single and family rooms; 35e to $1 night;
$1 75 to $6 week: elevator; electric lights;
reading-room; free bus and baggage.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St., near Market —
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
35c to $1 50 night; ?2 to $S week;' elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
AMOY. THE 901 DEVISADERO ST.
Strictly flrst-class family hotel: sunny rooms,
suite or single; billiards; steam heat.
STEVENSON Mansion, 807 -California Bt. — At-
, tractive and sightly rooms; best table and
service; lowest rates. ¦ ¦ -. ¦
$30 TABLE board for $20; only first-clasu ho-
. tels; no fake. Box 2420, Call office.
NEWLY furnished rooms with board; low rate.
P27 Mission Et-
" ~ SPECIAL NOTICES.
Ladles'. Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are best; safe, reliable; take no other. Send 4c
stamps for particulars. "Relief for Ladies."
in letter by return mall. Ask your druggist.
Chlchester Chemical Co.. Philadelphia. Pa.
STORAGE AM) WAREHOUSES.
A — EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co. ; furniture,
. household goods stored, moved, shipped. 728-
731 Howard St., near Third; phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
fice Post and Powell sts.; tel. Priv. Ex. 571.
| CONKLIN'S storage — Furniture and merchan-
I dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 126.
| GOLDEN West Storage; advances .made; 840
Mission St.: tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
I PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore st. ; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
«t. : tel. Main 1S40. Shipping at cut rates.
STUTTEniXG AM) ST AMMKKIXQ.
MELBOURNE System School, Van Ness and
Market; positive cure for all. Don't delay.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT^ARGAINS IN TYP^WRITERS^V-e
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main -'CO.
A FEW good typewriters at $30' each; get par-
ticulars. L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont-
gomery st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webetcr Typewriter Inspec. Co.. 209 Sangome.
PROFOSAL.S.
PROPOSALS — Bids wanted. Notice is hereby
given that sealed proposals will be received
' by the board of directors of the Veterans"
Home of California, at its office, room 13, 320
Eaneome st., San Francisco, up to 12 o'clock
m. on Saturday. August 2d, 1903, for furnish,
ing and delivering the materials and furnish-
ings for the new hospital at the Veterans"
Home, Napa County. Cal. (railroad station
Yountville.) Specifications for above may be
teen and examined at the office of the board
of directors between the hours of 9 a. m. ana
6 p. m. each week day. Money for payment
on contracts will be available Immediately
after January 1. 1004. Preference will be
given to goods manufactured In this State.
price, fitness and quality being equal, under
the provisions of Section 3247 of the Political
Code. The board reserves the right to reject
any or all bids and to order any quantity
. over or under the amount specified. Address
JOHN F. SHEEHAN. Secretary of the Board
cf Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, room 13, .120 Sansome et., San Fran-
cisco, Cal. By order of the board of directors.
¦ JOHN F. SHEEHAN. Secretary.,
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal.. August 26. 1003.—
Sealed proposals, In triplicate, will be re-
ceived here until 12 o'clock, noon, September
10, 1903. and then opened, for furnishing at
San Francisco. Cal., Portland, Or., or Seat-
tle or Tacoma. Wash., for shipment to Ma-
nila, P. I., 7,800,000 pounds of hay and 7,400,-
000 pounds oats. Government reserves right
to reject or accent any or all bids In whole
or In part. Information furnished on applica-
tion to C. A. DEVOL, Quartermaster. Chief
Q. M. 2iii
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal.. July 31. 1003— Sealed
proposals, in triplicate, will be received here
until 11 O'clock a. m., August 31. 1003. and
then opened for repainting, plastering, kalso-
mlnlng. tinning, shingling and repairing at
the general hospital at the Presidio of San
Francisco. Cal. Government reserves right to
reject or accept any or all bids in whole or in
part. Information furnished on application
to J. McE. HYDE, Deputy Quartermaster
General. Chief Q. M. Dept. of California.-
BAN FRANCISCO. Cal., Aug. 27. 1903. — Sealed
proposals, in triplicate, will be received her*
until 12 o'clock noon Sept. 7. . 1903, and them
opened for construction of sewers ,at Depot
of Recruits. Instruction, Presidio of San
Francisco, Cal. Government reserves right
to reject or accept any or all bids In whole
or in part.- Information furnished on appli-
cation to C. A. .DEVOL, Quartermaster,
Chief Q. M.. ______
U. 6 ENGINEER Office Flood building, San
Francisco, Cal.. Aug. 26, 1903.— Sealed ¦ pro-
posals for repairing U. 8. snag;bo«t Selzer
will be received here until noon. September
20 I003. Information on application. .W. H
HEUKR, Lieutenant Colonel of Engineers.
maeriagiTlicenses.
The 'following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday: - " • r-
Philip Yager, 46, 10 Ash avenue, and Ursula
Yager.- 45. 10 Ash avenue.
Royal H. Turner, 26. 530 Linden avenue, and
Amelia F. Fellows, 23. 2710 Lyon street.
. Charles H. Geer, 20, Turlock, and Ora P.
Broyles, 23 Modesto.
Edward M. Metiler. 3S, Oakdale. and Sarah
J Kelly. 36,; Oakdale. . . ¦ . v
Stanley S. Morris, 26, 117 Eddy streeC and
Kathtran W. Berry, .18. 26 Birch-avenue.
Charles Zagoren, 3S. 462 Tehama street, ; and
Bobe Adel, 30, 336 Eleventh street.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
e Steamers leave San Fraa-
cisco as follows:
For Ketchikan Junrau.
Halnes, Skagway etc.. Alas-
ka— II a. m., August 29.
Sept .1. Chanire to company's
steamer* at Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
coma, Everett. Whatc'ora —
11 a. m.. August 29. Sept. 3. Change at Seat-
tle to this -company's steamers for Alaska and
G. N. Ry. ; at Seattle for Tacoma to X. P.
Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— Pomona 1:30
p. m., August 2tf. Sept. 1; Corona 1:30 p. m..
.August 29. Sept. 4.
For Los Angeles (via Port Loa Anvele* and
: Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara —
I Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a, m.
• State of California. Thursdays. 0 a, m.
" For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
Pan Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. -Mon>
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford
(San Luis Obispo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Coca Bay. 9 a. m.. August 2t). Sept. 6.
Bordta. 9 a. m.. Sept. 2.
For Ensenada. Magualena Bay San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatian. Altata. La Pax. Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or sall-
lnir dates
TICKET OFFICES— t New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street and
Broadway wharf.
Freight office 10 Market street.
C. D. DUNANN. General Passenger Afrant.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
O. /?- & N. CO.
"Columbia" sails Auk. 31. "Oeor»» VT.
Elder" sails Augr. 26 Only steamship Una to
PORTLAND. OR., and short rail line from
Portland to "all points East. Through tickets
to all points all rail Sir steamship and rail, at
LOWEST RATES. • Steamer tick*ts lnclod»
berth and meals. Steamer sails foot of 8p«ar
st. at Ham. S F. BOOTH. Gen. Art. Pass.
Dept. '1 Montgomery St.; C. CLIFFORD, Gen.
Agt.- Frt. Dept.. 3 Montgomery st.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YOUK-SOL'TIIAMPTON— LONDON.
Phlla...Sept. 2. 10 am[N. York.Sept 16, 10 am
St.Louts.Sept. ft. 10 amlPhlla. .Sept. 23. 10 am
ATLANTIC T—AKS7OBT —XXTB.
New York— -London Direct.
Min'ha.-Sept. 5, 4 pm / Mln'tka.Fept. 19. 4 pm
j Mesaba.Sept. 12. 9 ami Mlnapls. Sept. 28, 9 am
Only First Class Passengers Carried.
souiznosr line.
Boston — Queensto— n — Liverpool.
New England.. Sept. 3 [New England ... Oct. 1
Mayflower Sept. 10 Mayflower Oct. 1
Commonwealth. Sept. 24] Columbus (new) Oct. 8
Montreal — Liverpool — Short sea passage.
Dominion Sept. 3? Canada ....... Sapt. 28
Southwark ....Sept. 12 1 Kensington Oct. 3
Boston Mediterranean D|rect
AZORES— GIBRALTAR— NAPLES— GENOA.
Cambroman Sat. Sept. 19, Oct. 31. Dec. 19
Vancouver Sat. Oct. 10. Nov. 21
HOLLAND AMEKICA I.IJTE.
Haw York — Setter dam, via BottfonffB*.
Sailing Wednesday at 10 a. m.
Rotterdam Sept. 2] Statendam Sept. 18
Potsdam Sept. OlRyndam Sept. 23
BSD STAR —IKS.
Kew York — Antwerp— Parli.
Z«eland...Sept. 5.10 am|VadTnd.Sept.l9.-10 am
Flnland.Sept. 12. 10 ami Kroonlnd.Spt.28. 10 am
VTBXTE STAB LINE.
Hew York — Queenstown — Liverpool.
Sailing Wednesdays and Fridays.
Teutonic. Sept. 2, noon Germanic, Sept. 9, noon
Arablc.Sept. 4. 4 pm Cedrlc.Sept. 11. 8 am
Armenian. Sept. S, T am Majestic Sept. 18. noon
C D. TAYLOR. Passenger Agent. Pacific
Coast. 21 Post St., San Francisco.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA,
(OIIIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.>
Steamers will leave wharf, corner Flr»t »nd
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m., tor YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hlogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
HonRkon* with steamers for India, etc. No
< canro received on hoard on day of sailing-.
S. 6. AMERICA MARU •.
Wednesday. August 2«. 1903
S S. HONGKONG MARU (calling at Ma-
nila) Saturday. September 19. 1903
S. S. NIPPON MARK
...Thursday. October 15. 19<K
Via* Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates For freleht and passage, apply at Cora-
Dany's office. 421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
oceanics.s.co. -- «- .,.«-«•
s <? SIERRA, for' Honolulu, Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday. Aug 27. 2 p. m.
q q ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Sept. 5. U a.m.
g" s' MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Sept. JO. 11 ». m.
4J SPi£M£lS4BS05.C0 n lljti..nc_t3»'Bn,H3lirWa
IWsbt.ffia.3H BarhiJL.r-'li. I.raafiell
C0MPAQ5IE GI5Z&ALE TRA53AT1A5TIQUI.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE- PARIS. -jgw
Sailing every Thursday ir.stea d nf gSggjt
Saturday, at 10 *. m.. from Pier 42. •*"¦«*'
North River, foot of Morton street.
Flrst-cUss to Havre. |7f> and upward. Re«?-
ond-class to Havre, ,?45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson Building).
New 'York. J. "F. FUOAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents 5 Mont?om»ry avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets Bold by all Railroad Ticket Agenf.
BUr* Island anA Vallejo steamers.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO-1
8'45 a, m.. S:15 and 8:3© p. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday. 0:45 _¦—..- 8:3O p. m. Leave Vailejo.
7 a m.. 12:30- noon. 6 p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
day 1 a, m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare. 50 cents Tei.
Main 1503. Pier 2, Misslon-st. doc*. HATCH
i BROS.
Charles Kuhlmann, 38,- Presidio, and Katie
Mohr, 30, 2384 Lombard street. •
Gust H. Stenrrilin,- 30, 2240 Mason street,
i and Annie L. Hellman, 02, 012 Lombard street.
Carl A. Leidecker, 20, 2213 Taylor street, and
Christiana L. Samuelstn, 19, 2211 Taylor
Btreet.
Michael C. Lehy, 22, 1917 Mission, and Mas-
gle Howard. 19. 1917- Mlsston street.
Charles W. Hugy. 21. 34A Eighth street,
and Louise F. Probert,; 17. ¦ 34A -Eighth street.
William F. Gardiser. 21, 312 Eddy street,
and Charlotte E...McQready. .18, 2ttt2 McAllis-
ter street.
Georre B. Trlplett. 24, Vlllarldge. Mo., and
Laura L.' Rice. 30, San Jose.
. David ¦ S. Burkett. 35. 753 Seventh avenue,
and. Minerva WV P(erce; 25. 1607. Devisadero
street. ¦¦¦ . •¦-¦¦? ' . '
Max Davidson. 2!). . Angels Camp, and Rose
Frindell. 20 Milwaukee. Wts. ':*'.
James Ward, 21. Wl Fell street, and Mollie
McDermott 21, 113 .Scott street.
Teodomiro Rodriguez, 40.. 907 Jackson street,
and Fernanda Aguilar. IS, .007 Jackson street.
George S.i Fossey. 25, 1415 California street,
and Adelaide L. Burns, 24, 473 Guerrero street.
Park A. M<SAlfrey. 28. 477 McAllister street,
and Florence I. Maxon, 35, 477 McAllister
street. r * .
John L. Wetherbee, 23, Gualala, and Grace
E. Flscus. IS. Annapolis, Cal.
Charles Butterfleld, 34, 378 Hayes street,
and Edyth.B. ¦ Stover. 28. 385 Hayes street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of tln> oiibl<c-.iiion nfiicts and be
Indorsed with the name and residence, of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
MARRIED.
JACKSON— McCLAIN— In this city, August
21. by the Rev. O.-Groensberg, George Jack-
son to Annie MeClain.
JOHNSON— BRANDS— In. this city, August
21, by the Rev. O. Groensberg, Gust John-
Bon to Souhie Brands. .'
DIED.
Avery. Russell Johnston, August
Azevedo, Mary Kellogg, Prof. Martin
Bailey, Sarah Ann Lawley, Grace E.
Berglund, Niles Lund. Edward T. J.
Brennan, Hanora . Mortensen, Emma A
Callaghan. Michael McGrorey, Harry
Conro, Mrs. M. S. Newman, Joseph
Draper, Margaret OHphant, Erwln H.
Dupas, Bathllde Ramsey. Catherine
Dyar, John Osgood ISrnith, Maria W.
Fahey, William 'Sproul. Andrew
Hablch, Esperance IStoaker. Sarah A.
Hammerschmldt. Carl Turel. Jean
H. F. . j Watson, Annie J.
AVERT— In* this city, August 25, 1903. Rus-
sell Avery, eon of Francis Avery of Sausa-
llto.
CyFuneral and interment private.
AZEVEDO— In Sausalito. • August 25, 1903.
Mary, beloved Infant daughter of Andrew
and Anna Azevedo. a native of Sausallto,
aged 8 months and 0 days.
BAILEY— In this city, August 25, 1003, at
her residence, 1127 Silver avenue, Sarah
Ann, beloved wife of James 8. Bailey and
mother of Frederick. Phoeble, Henry, Philip
' and James Bailey, Mra. A. L. Weythmann
and Mrs. M. E. Belcher a native of Molden,
Essex,' England, aged C2 years 3 months and
14 days.
£7"Friends.and acquaintances are respect-'
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Thursday), at 1 :30 o'clock at the
Masonic Hall, Fourteenth avenue and Rail-
¦' Fdad' avenUe ' South,' under the ausDlces of
Beulah Chapter No. 90, O. E. S. Interment
Cypress Lawn C emeter y by carriage.
CTOfflceTs and members of Beulah Chapter
No. 99, O. E. S., are hereby notified to as-
semble «t the Masonic Hall, Railroad and
Fourteenth avenue, to-day (Thursday), at
1:15 o'clock for the purpose of conducting
the funeral of our late sister, Sarah Ann
Bailey. By order Worthy Matron.'
MRS. SNAIL.
SARAH TODD, Secretary.
BERGLUND— In this city, August 25, 1903,
Niles Uerglund, beloved husband of Marie
Berglund, and father of Charles, Henry.
William and Walter Berslund and the late
John BerKlund and Amelia, Alma and Jen-
netle Berglund. a native of Sweden, aged
.05 years 3 months and 7 days. (New York
¦ and Seattle papers please copy.)
tL7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Friday, August 28, 1003, at 10 o'clock, at
the mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate
Undertaking Company, 2475 Mission street,
near Twenty-first. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
BRENNAN— In this city. August 25, 1903,
Hanora Brennan,' dearly beloved Bister of
Mrs. M. Franks and Mrs. H. Barry, a na-
tive of Ireland.
Ey.Frtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
August 27, 1003, at 9 o'clock, from the reni-
dence of her sister, Mrs. M. Franks, 1)8 Flll-
- more atreet, thence to Sacred Heart Church,
where a requiem high macs will be. cele-
¦ brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at" 9:30 o'clock. Interment private. Holy
Crtma Cemetery. Kindly omit flowers.
CALLAGHAN— In this city. August 25, 1903.
. Michael, beloved husband of Ellen Cal-
laghan, father of James, Thomas and Mar-
tin Caliaghan, Mre. E. O'Connor. Mrs. J.
Sweeney and Mra. M. Galvln, and uncle of
• John V. and Michael J. Brown. C. Shea.
Mrs. M. J. Brown and Mrs. William Mur-
ray, a native of Tralee, County Kerry, Ire-
land, aged 77 years.
tt^Frien'Js are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funnral to-day (Thursday), at 9
o'clock, from bin late residence, 2!tl Thir-
teenth street, corner of Mission, thence to
St. Charles Borroraeo's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repom; of his soul -at 0:30 o'clock. Intel -
ment Holy Cross Cemetery- No flowers.
CONRO— In Alameda, August 26,' 1003, Mrs.
M. S., wife of the late F. D. Conro, a native
of Essex County, New York, aged 81 years.
KT" Interment and funeral private August
28, lfrtM, at 1:.".O o'clock, from 2001 Eagle
avenue. Alameda.
DRAPER— In this city, August 25. 1903. Mar-
garet Draper, dearly beloved wife of T. B.
Draper, loving mother of JoBaph Draper, and
sister of Mrs. Hannah Bagley and T. J.
. Crowley, a native of County Cork, Ireland,
aged W years 1 month and. 19 days.
C?*Friend8 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence
of her sister, Mrs. Hannah Bagley, 1330
FolbOm Btreet, between Ninth and Tenth,
thtnee to All Hallows Church, corner N
street and Sixteenth avenue south. South
San Francisco, where a requiem hlsh mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her noul.
. commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment ' Hoi v
Cross Cemetery.
DUPAS— In this city. August 25, 1903. Bath-
¦ lid?, Dupas, beloved wife of John Dupas,
beloved 'mother cf Alice Dupas. sister of
• Pierre Ducheln. sister-in-law of Mra. P.
Ducheln, and aunt of Mr. and Mrs. Eugene
• Gasgmann. Mr. and Mrs. A. Bouyssou,' Eu-
gene Cerciat and. Eugene Ducheln, a native
of France,' aged 45 years.
CyFriends and apqualntances are respect-
. fully invited" to attend the funeral Thursday.
August 27. 1903. at 1 o'clock, from her late
residence, 774 Broadway, thence to French
Church of . Notre' Dame des Victoires. where
services will be held, commencing at- 1:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery^
DYAR— In San Rafael, August 24, 1903, John
- Osgood, beloved husband of Marietta Dyar,
and brother of P. M. Dyar of Ontario. Cal.,
Mrs. J. E. Turner and Mrs. E. Stockbrldge
of Massachusetts, a native of Phillips, Me.,
-aged Sis years.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
August 27, at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
' dence, 21!0 E street, San Rafael, thence to
First M. E. Church for services by the Rev.
Dr. Oxnard. Interment Mount Tamalpais
i Cemetery, Ban Rafael, Cal. Please omit
flowers..
FAHEY— In thU city, August 25. 1903, -Wil-
liam Fahey, beloved husband of Delia Fa-
hey, and loving father of William T., Mary
W., Arthur E., Katherlne E., Sarah A.,
Theresa M., Francia J., Albert, Herbert.
. Evelyn and the • late James F. Fahey, and
brother of Mrs. John McDonough, a native
of the parish of Ballinakill, Coiftity Galway,
Ireland, aged oS years and 6 months.
in^Tiie funeral will take place to-day
(Thursday), at 8:45 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
CrosB . Cemetery.
HABICH— In this city, August 24, 1903. Es-
perance, beloved wife of the late Charles M.
Hablch, a native of Paris, France, ajred 66
years.
ETTrlends arid acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Friday. August 28, 1903. at 2 o'clock, at the
. mortuary chapel of J. S. Godeau. 305 Mont-
gomery avenue. ; Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery. ¦
HAMMERSCHMIDT— In thli.city. August 25.
1903. Carl H. F.. beloved son of Anna M.
and the late Ferdinand Hammerschmldt, and
brother of Willie Ha/mmerschmldt. a native
of San Francisco, aged 25 years 2 months
and 10 days. A member of the Teamsters'
Union.
i ETFrlenda and I acquaintances and I mem-
bers of "the ¦ Teamsters' Union are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of McGinn Bros..; 224-226 McAllister
Btreet. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. .
JOHNSTON— In the City and County Hospital.
August 20,-1903, August Johnston, a native
of Sweden, aged 41 yeart.
KELLOGG — At .Waldeck Sanatorium, San
Francisco. August 26. 1903, Professor Martin
Kellogg, In the 76th year of his age. ,
(E7F.uneral services at his late residence,
Bushnell' place. Berkeley; on Friday," August
28. at 2 o'clock. Interment private. ":
LAWLEY— In this city, August 25. 1903, Grace
E., .wife of Charles A. Law-ley of Middle-
town.. Lake County, Cal. . , ¦
EJTThe funeral will take place at 1 o'clock
; Friday, August 28, from tho residence of her
F. J. Monahan. President.
MO1NAHAN & CO.,
(Inc.) i
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND.EME(ALMERa.
2339-2341 Mission st. * - -Telephone Mission 3L
MISCELL A X EOf S FOR « ALE— Con.
€nCOND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,
• wood and iron workinr mactlnrry. bought.
n,ij f.nq rented. H.S. WH1TK.1S0-132 HeKlo.
MISCCLLAXEOLS WAM'S.
TILTON wants good pecend-hand clothing nnd
tr^alrlcai goods? ir>4 <nh *t. ; tel. Jessie 2S51.
C0l-«02 -Ctri Examiner fcuilJing.
Quick settlement* ; no disappointment.
Save «"Xi>cnE«?s by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided lnter-
«ts. csfiirr.mcnts or rents, proj^rty in trust,
*"tc. : lecacies, lif«- estates and undivided in-
terests In property rurchaeed.
Courteous treaur?nt. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at
• lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S4G
Market et.: tel. Main 1044. Branch. I* Tbir-I.
MONEY loaned :o salari-d r*-"r-l*. retail mer-
Cfcants, ttara^ciT, boardirjr-houst-s. without
security; easy payments: larectt business in
46 principal cties. Tolman. .V»3 Tarrott Mas.
A— I per ct-nfTn furr.iture or r}3no:no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $23 up: quseic.
quiet, confid- JWial.yM Montgomery ft., r. ..
. — ; z=z
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFTICK. l« «rant ave..
LOANS FROM $1 TO >1U.OOO.
AT cut rate! 7r~r7aT» p tate. • u ™ ltu ,V? n .? r .Vl^l
v.o ettami«ha. B. IT. UCK. iocu Munial
' "6av. Bk. bid.. 70S Market; phone Main fclfl.
6. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY-Loans to salaried
people <>n tneir note.
THE TOVSLEY CO '«•' fhclan Bldg.
¦¦_ON-EY to loan on'W interest; gold, silver
diamonds, peari* nnd rr-cious stones bought
,t W jTH—STHAL-S. 10 -Sisth rt.
MONTY loaned to salaried employes. G. W.
MI I .LER. room 74. fifth floor. Chronicle bldg.
ONI' r-er crrit on furniture: f5 a month on tach
V:6o6: any tccunty. iXC Mor.teomery. rm. 10.
S^-~ON furniture & pianos; fl5 3p: no removal;
V. TREMAIN, room M, « Eddy ft., floor 4.
ALL loan? on diamonds ar.d jewelry 2 per cent
rr.o. S. F. Collateral l>oan Bank. W* Kearny.
EtTh Loan Co. of Wyomlr.p loans money to
salaried employes. R. 311, Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
C*SH loaned salaried people on notes without
lnflnrfer. MOUUEI.L, 0<tt Ex:.mincr Mag.
HUS1CA— INSTKlMIiNTS.
AMONG OUR BARGAINS ARE:
3 dickering* H50. 1185. ?_35
1 Filshtr. u; right •»»
1 Jewelt; mahosar.y; new *^o
1 Schaffer; mahogany; new .SISj
2 Emerson |^'- »;J^
5S; ay .:;;:::::::::::::::::^^^
*%££ §_% f ig
7 organs * 10 to f,.<
Rents f2up allowed on purchase; install-
• ''-wier.ts J4 up: jiano players from $'.»<• up;
now rum™ from $117 u\: HEINE PIANO
CO.. 235-237 Ge«.ry et., agents for the Gab-
l«>r. Kreil. Stegci, etc.
A SMALL walnut Emerson upright, absolutely
like new, $135. 2^7 Geary ft.
¦ STHINWAY upright, left by private party.
Clflfc; a rrrat bargain. 237 Geary Et.
" TIJH createst opportunity ever offered In San
Francisco to get a pood reliable piano cheap.
Before our removal we ¦will parrrflce any la-
ptruiceirt ".or cash or installments. Call' oi
writ" for prices and terms at onc«. KOHLEH
& CHASE. Established 1*00. .'iO O'Farre:!.
\ FEW upright bargains fmm $70 up, compris-
ing such makes as Chickering. Jacobson.
Vose. StTlir.g. Kr.abe. Fischer. Schwechten,
Weser Fchuman and others; easy payments.
BENJ. CUUTAZ & SON. 16 OFarrell 6t.; nc
liranohrs in San Francisco. '
WE hav« a few enars this week that art
very tencpting ar.d we can save you big
money «^n a good piano; come early. THE
ZENO MAWAIS MUFIC CO.. 70H Market.
HAND instruments: F. Bespon. Paris, maker
Gui= Malwald Ajrt. Pac. Coast, 27S O'Farrell
Fkl'wfu! repairing; 2d-hand instruments eold
BARGAIN — Standard make upright : pood con>
tfitton. SCHMITZ & CO . 10 McAllister st
Unredeemed Ftorage pianos and furniture dlr
cheap. Whiteheade Storage. 1636 Market.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Stelnway upright plan"
perfect order: sacrifice. Keeffe's.^85 O'Furrell
BUY direct from the factory and save 50 pei
o-nt. HORNUNG, 216 McAllister Et.
EIC. C T renting r'.ano In city for J3 per month.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO., .VJO Hayes Ft.
fCHJIKR, Bj-rcn Mauzy piaaoe, Cerilian piano
- rmyr. urno.v mauzt. 3o»-ai2 Po«t «t.
' PRRP3R violins, zithers, eld and new. H.
MTTLLER. iraker. repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AM) STORES TO LET.
EMMA E-PRECKELS bulld'-ng. 927 Market st—
OfScc to let; rent $15; light, heat, janitor and
,. telephcre. ASHTOX &. GARDINER.
PEUSO.VALS.
A— FACIAL BLEMISHES REMOVED.
- Vx'rlr.kles, yeilpw and Cabby skin, birthmarks,
• ¦..;>. jiiuirigs and scars sclentlflcally re-
moved without cuttirg. massage, electricity oi
*> medicines ; special demonstrations thin week.
Call or write 1>R. L. WILLIAMS. 371 Geary.
THE Stir Hair Remedy restores Fray hair, Im-
prove* its growth ;gtops falling ;cures dandruff
and itchir.g scalp; no etain or otickiness;
dtasfPf iicajp;at druggists', hairdressers' ac-
cept. h^> substitute. Star KemedyCo«,3S5Geary.
WANTED— 777 Itdies with scalp diseases; lost
of hair and premature grayness prevented.
(Can treat by mail. Blanks for Ftamp.) Oon-
rultaUcn free. t:30 to €; Sundays, 10 to 12.
- J'rof.- '-GKO. A. CARLO W. Socialist, room
21*. TOT Market ft."
TO »-hoT!i it rcay concern — I will not be re-
tponf.ble for er.y debts contracted by my
wife from this date, August 25 11K13. ED-
WIN R. BELCHER.
NOT how chetp, bet Tiow jrocJ, is the irotto of
the manufacturer? cf the Rapid Rorary
Standard, the Ef wir.g-machln« of to-day. J.
,W. EVANH. ager.t. UU Market fL
I'HYEICIAN. 15 yearE' txper'ence. cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
KCdrese Central I'harinacy, 27.1 ciract ave.,
corn«-r Sutter et. ; fee moderate.
D8CK Ccf-farln, the best ctreal cofloe en
earth, rich in flavor, absolutely pure and
nourishing; composed c-r.tireiy oi euperlcr
grains and fig*.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
• cheniUe-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, in hank or chain at lowest
rater Gto. Matthews. 703 Fifth st.. Oakland.
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonla Hall, Howard
«_. near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
AT less than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers, at CHARLES LYONS', London
Tailor. 721 Market n
THE higbost price paid for ladles' or gents'
catt-off clothing and nil articles of value at
WEINCERGS. 114A Ellis el.
ELEGANT ruits on easy Installments; SO cents
end up per. week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mar-
ket et., between Seventh and Eighth.
BRING your goods; will make tailored shirt
%-^itt. SI. The Fashion, lira Market. bet-7iS
SIPS. RUMPLE will be pleased to meet old and
new friends at her millinery parlors. 221 Geary
SUITS to order on installment*. $1 jicr w<^>k.
N^uhaus &. Co.. roerch.tailors.727-72a Market.
ALL. Ftylep h-alrdreF?in(t, 25c; hair goods; mam-
curing. 25c. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton Et.
TAILOR-MADE 'Uit $7 T>0; dress pants $2 f,0.
MlcCi Clothing Parlor, cor. Hush and Dupont.
SPPERFLUOUB hair and moles removed bj
••lectr.c needle. Dr.4Mrs.Traverse.1170 Market
MASQUERADE costume*, rlay bocks, wigs,
country ord>r«. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mki
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gra>
hair to its natural color; $1: at ail druggists'.
S-ur«-rBuou« ha.ir and mole« removed with elec-
tric needle. Mrs. & MIfs Eaton. 1119 Sutter.
PALMISTRY.
MY offer to answer 3 questions clo**« Srpt. 1;
fall reading* $1 MME. CEVAS. 139 Po« Bt..
30 to 12. 1 to 5; Tues. tvg. ; Sun by appt.
UME. ZILLAH, scientific palmist and card
reader; 23 years' erj/erterice; Ute of New
Zeal&cd and Australia. S2SA Post St.
1! .TEOME FOEELLI. eclentiflc palmist. 315
Taylor rt.. near Oeary. Phone Bi«ck 561.
I'ArEUHAXCING. PAIXTIXG. ETC.
ROOMS papert-d, $3 50 up; tinting, painting.
Hartrafar.n I'alnt Co.. r.lit 3d tt; tel.Main 4Vi.
PQVSICIAJVS A.\O MHUEO.\S.
DR C. C. O'DONNELL— Offlc* and rctidtnce,
MgHt Market st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
. UL/jOI). «kin end rectal diseases a specialty.
na. BALL. K;73»/4 Market et.
liEV.OVEr>— DU. WONG HIM. herb doctor;
lre«u *\\ iu»eaKs of the human body; lcr
...pact lour years at 115-J17 Mason; now lo-
<¦ ca.t«-d at CCT Geary et., near Leavenworth.
JJR. TONG PO CUT, successor to Dr. L.1 Pp
'Tai. htrb doctor: cures all diseases of hurr.aa
by ui-e of herbii and teat. 727 Washington et.
VCQXQ WfK). the famous herb doctor— All Uis-
«— *• cured by Chinese herbs. 740-8 Clay tL
and 28 days. ,. " ..
(ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Friday, August 28, 1903. at 9:30 o'clock at
his late residence. 1821 Russell street,
between Grove and Grant, Berkeley. Inter-
. ment Cypress Lawn . Cemetery. '
RAMSEY— In Mill Valley. August 26, 1003,
Catherine Ramsey, mother of Mrs. H. J.
Pierce and Heary O. Ramsey, and sister of
-Eliza Walsh, a native of England, aged 73
years. •• . ' .
ID^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Friday at 2 o'clock at the chapel of N. Gray
& Co.. 353 Sutter street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery. . :
SMITH— In this city, August 25, .1903,' Maria
W. Smith, beloved wife of the tate William
Smith, a native of England, aced 59 years.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral . services
Friday, August 28, 1903, at 10:30 o'clock, at
her late residence, 222 Jackson street, cor-
ner of Battery. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
SPROUL — In Oakland, August 25, 1003, An-
drew, beloved husband of Rebecca C. Sproul,
and father of Mrs. J. P. Garlick and Mrs.
Edward M. Walsh, a native of Washington,
¦Me., aged 80 years and 5 months. A mem-
ber of Terba Buena Lodge No. 15, I. O. O.
F., of San Francisco. . •
. IT~Frieuds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Thursday, August 27, 1903. at 2 o'clock, at
the residence of J. P. Oarlick. 649 Oakland
avenue, Oakland.
STOAKER— In San Leandro, August 23, .1903.
Sarah A.;* beloved wife of B. F. Stoaker and
mother of Dr. B. F. Stoaker of Oakland, and
Mrs. C.' Rider of San Leandro, a native of
Ohio, aged '79 years.
K?*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
• fully Invited to attend the funeral servjees
Thursday, . August 27, 1903, at 1 o'clock,
from her late residence on San Leandro road.
TUREL— In San Jose, August 25. 1903, , Jean
Turel, beloved husband of Jeanne Turel, and
father of August M., Edmund IT., George L.
and Alice Turel, a native of Freterleve. De-
partment of Savole, France, aged 66 years 5
months and 6 days.
(ETFuneral will be held from the family
residence, Iti9 Orchard street. San Jose, at
10 o'clock Thursday morning. Services at
St. ' Joseph's Church. Interment ¦ Calvary
Cemetery.-
WATSON— In this city, August 25, 1903, Annie
J- Watson, beloved wife of Edgar D. Wat-
eon, daughter ; of Margaret Sheehan. and
sister of John and Mary Sheehan, a native
of California, aged 2U years 9 months and 21
days. • -. -• ¦ .
(CyFrlends and" acquaintances are'respect-
' fully invited to . attend the funeral to-day
• (Thursday), at 8:30' o'clock, from- her late
residence, 2 Railway avenue, thence to Mis-
sion Dolores Church, mass to commence at
9 o'clock, for the repoie of her soul. Inter-
ment Holy ; Cross Cemetery. ¦
mother," 3746- Twentieth street. , (Albany,
N, Y. papers please copy.) - - - .
LUNDr-In this . city, on August 25, >1903, . Ed-
ward T. J. Lund, a native of Denmark, aged
¦ 08 years. ¦ - ¦ - - -
McGROREY— In this! city, August 26, 1003, at
his. late residence. 81; Pierce street.; Harry,
beloved sort Of the late Thomas and Annie
McGrorey. and brother of Edward... Joseph.
Charles and Robert McGrorey and Mrs. J. J.
O'Connor and the late Thomas McQrorey, a
native of San Francisco, aged 20 years and
¦ <& months. - ; ' • . . .'¦ - - J&ffifffjffS 1 ' '•'
MORTENSEN— In Oakland, August 24, 1903,
. Emma A., beloved wife of J. T. Mortensen.
¦mother of Elizabeth Morteneen, and grand-
daughter of Mr. m: H. Schramm. a native of
San Francisco, aged 25 years 8 months and
20 days, . •¦ . . .
., tTFdtnua and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, at her
'late residence.' Sol East' Twenty-first street.
East Oakland. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery.
NEWMAN— In this city. August 25, 1903, Jo-
eeph Newman, beloved son of Max and th*
late Yet ta Newman, and brother of Harry.
David. Lena. Esther/ Llllle. Tlenie and Ida
Newman, a native of Washington. D. C
aged 20 years 10 months and 19 days. A
member Of Brotherhood of Teamsters. Local
No. 85, and Oshonee Tribe No. 78, I. O. R. M.
(CXFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 10 O'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 28 Morris avenue, between Harrison
and Bryant, and thence by carriage to New
Salem . Cemetery for Interment.
OLIPHANT— In Berkeley. Erwln H. Ollphant,
beloved son of Elizabeth and the late James
OHphant. nnd brother of Joseph Oilphant,
Mrs. M. Behrman and Marion Ollphant. a
native of Illinois, aged 21 years 7 monthsUNFORTUNATE WOMAN WHO WAS LEFT ALONE AND DESTITUTE
IN A- STRANGE CITY BY THE ASPHYXIATION OF HER HUSBAND
AND HALF-BROTHER, WHOSE PORTRAITS ARE SHOWN.
:. Before leaving, the students repaired to
the laboratories, ; where they, were fitted
out with apparatus with- which : to begin
the year's work. • ,
The thirty-second annual session of the
California College of Pharmacy opened
yesterday in the halls of the Affiliated
Colleges on Parnassus avenue.: The larg
est class of freshmen that ' has entered
the college in the last several years was
present,' eager to commence Its work of
learning. .After words of greeting by
President G. E. Bacon . an- entertaining
address was delivered by Professor -Albert
Schneider, ' who has been . appointed pro
fessor of botany and pharmacology at the
college. Professor Schneider's address,
which was entitled "The Point of View,"
was the .source of much thought J for the
beginners.
Large Freshman Class Attends Open
ing Session at the California
College of Pharmacy.
STUDENTS PREPARE FOR
COMING YEAR'S STUDIES
Duffy Bros., plumbers, filed a formal j
complaint with the Board of Public
Works yesterday that the charges for the
construction of a side sewer in Fourth
¦ street, between Folsom and Clementina,
were exorbitant. On that account the
firm petitioned . that the board invite
bids for the construction of another side
sewer running from the St. Francis Hotel
along Geary street to Powell, represent
ing that the work could be done by pri
vate contract at a less figure than that
charged by the Board of Works for .simi
lar work.
When Duffy Bros, some time ago asked
that the sewer In Fourth street be con
structed they deposited the sum of $250
to cover the estimated cost of the work.
After the work was completed a bill was
rendered the firm showing. that the work
cost J30S S2, leaving a balance due the
city of $53 82. The bill as itemized fol
lows:
Labor. 578 hours at 31«c $1M (S
Bitumen pavlnc. 1501^ square feet.... 34 62
Paving (basalt and asphalt and setting
curb) Sj* 58
Cartage (12 hours) • ••• »™
inspection. $4; cribbing, $1.1 • 5 <**
*30» 8-'
Less deposit. February 10. 1002 230 CO
Balance due city and county $59 $2
Duffy Bros, demurred to the additional
charge on the ground that they had re
ceived * a bid, from the City Street Im
provement-Company, which agreed to do
the work for $1 15 a running foot, which
for 182 feet would amount to only $209 30.
Duffy Bros, claim that the cost of the
work should have been only $1S2 and have
put In a counter claim for $68, .the balance
of the deposit of $250, which they allege
is due them. :
The Board of Works decided, however,
to advertise for bids for the new side
sewer for the St. Francis Hotel. It Is the
intention of Duffy Bros, to put in a nomi
nal bid and do the work themselves, with
a view to expending less money than the
board would. V •*
The case of J. J. Connolly, a plasterer,
who was suspended by President Casey on
the report of Head Janitor Syron that
Connolly was not at his post of duty
when he should have been, was partially
considered. Connolly was present with
several witnesses to prove his side of the
case. iSyron made a statement in which
he referred to some trouble which he
and Connolly had had In Commissioner
Schmitz's office. said he had been
ordered to take the time of the mechanics
in the board's employ. . Schmitz insisted
that Syron should have reported to him
and Syron stated that he tried to do so,
but Schmitz was absent from his office.
Connolly frequently rose to interrupt
Syron, but was finally pacified by being
told he could go back to work at once.
Tho matter will come up again this morn
ing for final action on the suspension.
E. L- Forster. attorney, for R. Dalzell.
who was awarded the contract for Install
ing the heating and ventilating plant in
the Noe Valley School building, desired to
know if his client would be permitted to
enter into his contract. The board in
formed him that ' as it had . neglected to
furnish the Boards of Education with a
cost estimate of the ' work the proceed
ings in the matter were defective and new
bids will hav« to be invited.
The map showing the assessment for
damages and benefits for the change of
grades on Masonic avenue.- between Fred
erick : and Piedmont streets, was ap
proved.
C. F. Young filed a claim for. damages
in connection with the grade changes on
Eleventh, Twelfth and Thirteenth ave
nues. . ...
The board decided to. recommend to the
Supervisors that Montgomery avenue,
between N6rth_ Point and Bay streets, be
paved.'. .
A majority protest having been received
against the laying of stone sidewalks on
Washington streets, between First avenue
and Cherry street, the board set Septem
ber 10 at |0 a. m. as the time for hearing
the protestants. - : -\ -
No bids were received ¦ for the keeping
In repair of Point. Lobos avenue and new
bids will be invited for the work..
Between toasts the assemblage was en
tertained with nf gro ppecialties by Walter
Farmer and by Maudie Sharp and Queenle
Tilton and instrumental music by an or
chestra. The assemblage broke up with
cheers for the continued prosperity of
Court Washington and American For
estry.
Court Washington No. 37. F. of A., cele
brated the fourteenth anniversary of its
Institution by a banquet in Union Square
Hall last evening. There were about 25u
members of the court present and a num
ber of the grand officers, who enjoyed a
menu that is seldom served at a fraternal
banquet.
Syl. Shaben was toastmaster, and in re
rponse to his calls there were remarks
appropriate to toasts by E. H. Goldstein,
chief ranger; A. Figel, the treasurer; H.
I— Simon, grand junior woodward; I. L..
David, P. C. R.; M. C. Lasky. llnancial
secretary; Dr. Troppman, grand recording
secretary; Louis Kragen. p. c. R.; J.
Meyer, grand trustee; District Deputy
Grand Chief Ranger McDevitt; M. lirady,
recording secretary, and E. C. Stock.
Banquet, Music, Songs
and Oratory.
COURT WASHINGTON, F. OF A.,
CELEBRATES ANNIVERSARY
Treats Its Members and Guests to
The Southern Pacific Company will dis
continue train .No. ii. which leaves this
city. .for. Reno every night at «seven
o'clock. The train' was used as an aux
iliary to train No 6, which leaves at six
o'clock. The traffic department decided
that it- would be more advisable to run
simply train No. 6 in two sections.
Train 14 Taken Off.
ALL WERE OVEBCOME.
On the floor between one of the beds
and the walls lay the dead body of the
twelve-year-old boy, Casslmero Chavez.
He was dressed with the exception of his
TWO lives went out yesterday as
the result of carbon monoxide poi
soning and that of a third was
nearly sacrificed to the insidious
fumes of a partly cpened gas jet.
The victims cf the 4 tragedy were Solo
mon Chavez, Casslmira Chavez, his wife,
and her half brother, Cassimero Chavez.
The three were discovered in a room in
the International Hotel on Kearney street
at 9:3) o'clock yesterday morning by Mrs.
Mitchell, the housekeeper at the hotel.
The ' boy was dead, the husband fatally
poisoned and the wife partly overcome by
the noxious fumes' that poured from a
slightly optned gas jet In the room.
In making the rounds to ascertain what
rooms had been occupied and needed at
tention Mrs. Mitchell tried the doer of
room -22.- which was -occupied by the
Chavezes. She discovered that the body
of one of the • occupants . impeded the
opening of the door. She notified Mana
ger F. J. Walker, who forced aside . the
prone body of Mrs. Chavez and gained
entrance to. the room.
From the Investigation 1 madeby Detec
tive Freel and Deputy Coroner Meehah
tfte officials have concluded that the
deaths were due to accidental asphyxia
tion by gas and that the hotel manage
ment was not to blame in the matter.
A remarkable feature of the case Is tho
small volume of gas thaf is supposed to
have caused death.. "According to the em
ployes of the hotel, several people entered
the room after the discovery of the trag
edy without-noticing the odor of escaping
gas and the key was only slightly turned
on. Mrs. Chavez withstood the asphyxia
tion without any particularly serious re
sults and her life was- not- endangered,
while her husband ¦ and brother suc
cumbed. «
SMALL VOLTJME OF GAS.
Mrs. Chavez is unable to speak English
She told what she knew of the -tragedy
through an Interpreter. She said that
Sunday and Monday night she had turned
out tne gas. but that on Tuesday night
she retired before her^husband and was
asleep before the light was put out She
does not remember anything further re
garding the occurrences of the night until
she found herself in the Emergency Hos
pital. She is utterly, destitute and unable
to speak. English.- The doctors fear the
effect upon her \rhen she- awakens to a
realization of her Trouble loss. In-appear
ance she is only a girl, although- she elves
her age as twenty-two years, and is re
markably pretty. Her, husband, -she says,
was twenty-five years old. They had been
•married less than a .year. . ' • v \ . , <
Mrs. Chavez was taken to the Central
Emergency Hospital and within a lew
hours had recovered from the asphyxia
tion. She Is still suffering -from the shock
and the fate of her husband and half
brother are being mercifully witheld irom
her until she is stronger. '. '/.
The unfortunate family, who appear to
be Mexicans of the lower class, arrived
m , Alb , uf l uerc iue. N. W.. last Sunday
night and engaged the room where the
tragedy occurred which they occupied up
to yesterday. The husband has-been em
ployed by the Santa. Fe railroad as a sec
tion foreman and |was given a pass for
himself and family to come to San Fran
cisco for a visit.
Dr. , Elliot was called and did what he
could for the survivors. He pronounced
the boy dead and the- body was" removed
to the Morgue. The husband was hurried
t^ th^" arb ? 1 r Emergency Hospital, where
Dr. Millar did everything possible to re
sussitate him but the effort proved futfle
He expired at 8 o'clock last night.
WOMAN BEVIVES BAPIDLY.
shoes and coat and had evidently retired
that way, preferring to eleep on the rioor
to occupying the bed. Across the other
bed and nearly nude was the body of the
husband, grasping frightfully under the
effects of the deadly, fumee,- On the'floor
at his feet was Mrs. Chavez, partially
conscious. Evidently she had discovered
the tragedy and tried to gain an exit
J£ om »- e fateful r °om but had sunk to
the floor In the effort.
, Ulceratlons and sores of all kinds cured
by Dr. Koenigsteln's Red Salve. •
Let us print for you. It will be well done if
*e do It. Mysell-Rollins. 22 Clay, printers. •
Duffy Brothers Object
to City Building
Side Sewers.
CLAIM CHARGE
IS EXORBITANT
A, good many interesting points are
likely to arise, and perhaps a new field
at industry may be developed in Napa
County. Veterans other than Mc-
Donnell possess a little money and
the courts may find that they
need some one to care for tljeir
persons and estates. Next Saturday the
president and treasurer of the board of
directors will appear in Judge GesforiTs
court in Napa City.
A strong effort will be made to show
that in justice and equity the old and
bonded institution that cares for the sol
dier's life and provides him the com
forts of his declining years should be
awarded control of his money without
questioning the ability or integrity of the
gruardian named by the court. It Trill be
contended that ;he home was slighted and
the purposes of its creation were over
looked.
The act of Congress relating to pensions
of deceased veterans is clear. The get
approved July 1, 1SO2, provides:
balance of pension money remaining in
the hands of the treasurer cf the home at the
«late of the pensioner'* death .-ha)! be paid
to Ais widow, minor children or dependent
mother or father In the order named, and
bhould no widow, minor child or dependent
parent be discovered within one year from the
time of the death of the pensioner, said bal
ance 6hall be r«aid to the post fund to be used
for the common benefit of the members of the
home, aubject to future reclamation by rela
tives v.;:ixs. five years.
A few weeks ago Thomas McDonnell,
who dwells at the Veterans' Home, Napa
County, California, was taken to the hos-»
pltal of that Institution. He had in his
possession $3S0. The medical director, not
wishing to place that amount in the of
fice safe, forwarded it to the treasurer
in San Francisco, where it was placed in
bank to the credit of the aforesaid Mc-
Donnell. The books of the treasurer
that an additional sum approximating $500
Ftands to the credit of McDonnell. When
l?.e Information reached Yountville that
McDonnell had that much money steps
were taken to get the Napa County Su
perior Court to declare ¦ him incompetent
and appoint a guardian to take charge
of his estate. There was a hearing in
court and the Judge appointed a man
named Roberts to take care of the vet
eran's money. With magnanimity. that is
eurprising. the court allowed the home,
which is maintained by the Federal and
State governments, to have charge of the
person of McDonnell. The records show
that McDonnell went to. the. home fifteen
years ago. He has saved something -of
his pension every month. There is now
in *>ank to his credit $1077. Other proceed,
ings of a. similar character having been
instituted in Napa County, the directors
of the home deemed it wise to retain the
legal services »f Frank L. Coombs to rep
resent the board of management. The ques
tion at Issue will go to the Supreme Court
of this State, or perhaps to a higher trib
unal. 0
That permanent grammar school certificates
be issued -to the lollowing: Miss Uenevleve
Carroll, Miss Florence Davis. Miss Charlotte
EX Parks. Miss Martha A. Latham, Mrs. The
resa P. Spencer. Mrs. Clara Mundt Dolan.
That permanent special certificates of the
high school grade be granted to the following:
Stenography, Mrs. Theresa F. Spencer; type
writing. Miss Ida Garbarlno.
That a special freehand drawing certificate of
the high fcchool grade be issued to Aaron Alt
mann.
That trammar school certificates be granted
to Miss rtachael Harris and Miss Ida Manley.
That the special high school certlflcate of.
the loliowlng be renewed: Architectural draw
ing, Harvey E. Harria.
That the grammar school certificates of the
following be renewed: Miss Alice Taylor, Mrs.
Kleanor Theresa Swan (nee Small). Miss Anna
t>. Sheehan.
Superintendent Langdon filed his annual
report, which was accepted. The resigna
tion of Miss Bertha Fahrenkrug of the
evening substitute list was accepted.
It was resolved that Director Walsh be
authorized to explain to the Board of
Public Works the kind of Improved mod
ern sanitary flushing and ventilating
toilet system that is desired by the Board
of Education for the improvement of the
Noe Valley School.
The board passed the following resolu
tions:
That high school certificate be granted to
Miss Jessie Anna Nicholson.
One in the Monroe, two in the Sheridan, one
in the Sutro. two in the South End and three
In the Sunny side. ... ...
Nominations were accepted for a new
principal of the Jeffersoiv School and the
three following names were presented:
Miss N. 11. Sullivan, Miss Eliza. Kelley
and Miss Martha. A. Galloway. The elec
tion of a new principal was postponed, as
three ballots were taken, but no selec
tion could be made. Woodward gave his
vote to Miss Galloway, Roncovieri to Miss
Kelley and Walsh and Mark for Miss Sul
livan. ~ • '¦£:.• v> ¦¦¦¦:, ¦"-¦ .;,'. ¦ . ,
The following assignments were made:
- Miss Julia F. Sullivan from the day substi
tute list to the Everett, to take effect Septem
ber 1; John A. Lenahan from the evening sub
fctltute list to the Lincoln Evening, and Mrs.
M. M. Steuart lrom tho evening substitute list
to the Hamilton Evening.
Owing to the increase of classes" in the
Richmond Evening School the salary of
the prinicpal was fixed at $65.
Director Walsh was authorized to place
portable- schoolhouses in. the following
schools:
The following transfers were made:
Miss Minnie Maher from the Columbia to
the Sutro; Hlei E. K.. Manning from the Sheri
ff" t - i° l , e Colum l*'a: Miss Anita Martin from
the Lincoln Evening to the Horace Mann Kven
lnif, new class.
At the meeting of the Board of Educa
tion yesterday the following teachers
were placed oft the day substitute list
and ordered to report for duty at once:
Gavin James Telfer, Miss Mabel O. Bcnja
2)1?', Mlss Joae Phlne M. Hopkins, Miss Maria
d Erlach, MUj Joanna M. Mullens; Miss Jose
phine AVhite, ¦ Miss Alice Louise Marsh, Mlsa
Mary Cahlll, Miss Carolyn K. Hortop. Miss
Kathryn Parker. .
Regarding Health Officer, O'Brien's in
crease from $250. to $275 per month; Assist
ant Secretary Cameron said that O'Brien
had private office hours, but was always
at the call of the Health Board. O'Brien
.was' always at the health office from 10:30
a. m. to 12:45 p. m:, and from 4:30 to 6 p.
m., and was continually engaged in in
spection work, Cameron said. Cameron's
own. salary had been raised from $100 to
$150 in the last three years. f
Brandenstein thought the work of Cigar
Inspector Kelly at $100 per month should
be done by a regular sanitary inspector
and the position given to a civil service
eligible.
The hearing was then postponed until
next Wednesday at 2 p. m., an£ a resolu
tion providing for the reference to the
joint Finance, Health and Street Commit
tee for investigation will be introduced at
next Monday's meeting of the board.
The committee authorized the payment
of $363 for pensions for exempt firemen,
and referred to the City 'Attorney the de
mands for maintenance of children at the
Feeble-Minded Home for- an opinion - as
to whether the city ia liable for the bills.
Secretary McCarthy . of • the . Fire Com
mission appeared before the committee to
urge the payment , of j certain demands
which Auditor Baehr refused to sign be
cause it would overdraw the Fire Depart
ment fund*in the sum of $1069 45. The com
mittee, held that it could' take -no further
action, as the: board had authorized pay
ment of the demands. /¦
"I am opposed to raising the salaries of
men who have permanent positions from
$150 to $175," said Brandenstein, "as per
manency is an important factor in the
case. We will now take up the raises of
salaries by the Health Board, which ag
gregate $2700 per, annum outside of' the
recommendations "of the Board of Super
visors."
Assistant Engineers Connick and Her
mann were raised from $150 to $175 on the
ground of efficiency, and six. out of fif
teen assistant surveyors had been raised
from $S0 to $100 on the recommendation of
City Engineer Grunsky, Casey said.
OPPOSES INCBEASES.
Additional work was the cause assigned
for raising the salaries of Sewer Super
intendent Brandon and Superintendent of
Street Repairs Gallagher to $175 per month,
and Assistant Engineer •Morse's salary
had been raised to $275 owing to his com
petency.
Brandenstein desired: to know '-j if the
committee wanted to go ahead with the
inquiry, and Loughery's motion. to that
effect was carried. • ¦.¦"
"I think we are wasting our time in this
Investigation." said Wilson, "and I want
to understand its purport. The Board of
"Works has disregarded the recommenda
tions of the Board of Supervisors, and
that ends , the matter so far as we are
concerned."
"I want this investigation to go on,'"
said Loughery, "because^! felt sore at the
Board of Works increasing salaries not
recommended by the Supervisors." .
"There is a moral if not a legal obliga
tion to inquire into the matter," said
Brandenstein. "If we can do nothing else
we can bring in a resolution denouncing
the action of the Board of. Works. ¦ The
press has criticized the board for the in
creases in salaries, and it is our duty to
investigate them."
"The charges were made by an un
friendly press," said Casey. "We were
blamed for the very Increases ordered by
the Supervisors. Let the matter of all
raises of salaries be taken up, including
those requested by-'y various organiza
tions."' * . '.#">- v
At this point Supervisor Wilson char
acterized the investigation as puerile,
since the Finance Committee had no con
cern with the actions of the "Board of
Works ' after the budget had been once
fixed. ¦¦-¦--¦
Casey said Head Janitor Syron's salary
had been raised to $125 per month owing
to Increased duties, and that former Head
Janitor Sawyer received $100 per month,
and Assistant Head Janitor O'Brien had
been raised to $100 per month by the
Board of Supervisor's.
,, Superintendent of Street Sweeping Cow
den, whose salary had been raised to $175
per month, was a clerk at $100 per month
in 1900, and Brandenstein thought $130
would be ample compensation ¦ for the
work done by him.
. WILSON OBJECTS.
Casey said that John B. Gartland. who
had been increased from $125 to 5150, was
the legal adviser of the board and had
been in the board's employ for- nearly four
years. ,/.
"We have received assurances from
President Casey of the Health and Works
boards." said Brandenstein. "that the rec
ommendations of the Finance Committee
will receive proper attention."
| Regarding the raise of salary of Leon
ard Leavy, chief bookkeeper, Casey said
that the new system introduced had
necessitated an increased amount of work
and made it impossible for any defalca
tion the office to occur, as in the case
of W. J. H. White, who absconded with
$sooo.- * ;_.: . •
At the outset of the inquiry Chairman
Brandenstein explained that the commit
tee has no power in the matter except- to
recommend that in cases where the in
creases^ are -regarded as unwarrantable
the salaries be reduced to their original
figures.
The Supervisors' Finance Committee re
sumed its inquiry yesterday into the many,
increases in the salaries of employes by
the Health Board and Board of Public
Works. ¦
Authority to Strip Soldiers'
Institution Is Ques
tioned.
Supervisors Differ as to the
Legality of the Inves
tigation.
Board Fails to Decide on a
New School Prin
cipal. .
Napa County Court Stirs
Up Trouble by Nam
ing Guardian.
New Teachers . Placed
bnv the Substitute
List.
Finance Committee In
quires Into Reasons
.for Increases. .
VETERANS' HOME
ASSERTS RIGHTS
STILL PROBING
SALARY RAISES
DIRECTORS HOLD
REGULAR SESSION
SILENT REAPER ADDS, TWO VICTIMS
TO THE DEADLY MONOXIDE'S LIST
Unfortunate Family of Solomon Chavez, Ignorant of
Use of Gas Burners, Overcome at the Inter
national Hotel, and Wife Alone Survives Ordeal
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIi, THtTBSDAY. AUGUST 27, 1903.
14
A "D VEBTISEHENTS.
ft* w A) \\ H n n] I j9 N
pfiySfciCj A i H u; T^ftJ itt^l
39 STOUaTOK STBEEI.
Telephone Mala 6523.
You needn't wait for specials, tor all
our prices are low. still you will find be-
low decidedly lower prices for our
Thursday, Friday and Saturday
-SPECIALS.
CREAMERY BUTTER, per square. .40c
Quality same as la«t week. Re*. 45c
MINNESOTA EGGS, per dozen 25c
Equal to California ranch ergs. . .- \ '
FAMILY MIXED TEA, per lb .35c
Kathjen's Celebrated. Blend. Reg. BOc
NEW HOLLAND HERRINGS, 7 for. 25c
'First of tho season — fine stock. '
Fine Lucca (Hire QiK qtbot^Ocpts 30c
Our own Importation. Reg. We and 35c
LOS CABIN MAPLE SYRUP—
Just arrived. Special — 2O«. ¦ B3c «*£•
Reg. 25c. 40c." 7Sc
IDEAL LAUNDRY SOAP. 7 cakes for 25c
_ , i 'IT ne S- « for 23c
Equal to any. Home production.
GALVANIZED PAILS— , '
S 10 12 14 ats
Special— 20c. 20c, 25c. 3<k?
Rtff. 23c. 25c. 30c. 40c
Chlcksn Cock Bourbcn.boi 75c, gal $3
Splendid value. _ Reg. $1.00 and %i 00
MARYLAND CLUB RYE, per Sot.. 85c
Distillery Bottling'. Res. $1 23
PORT AND SHEftRY.per bot 25c, gal $1
Reg. 33c and $1.50
"W«U aged sweet wines.
RIESLING, per gal. 49c
A light, refreshing beverage. Reg. 50c
-1 : ; ¦
Thin babies become plump
babies when fed with Mellin's
Food. Mellin's Food nour-
ishes.
Whether you nurse your baby or uto Mel-
lin's Food you will Cad our book, '• Tho
Care and Feeding: of Infants," very useful.
Simply write for it. It will be sent free.
MELLIN'S FOOD CO.. BOSTON. MASS.
rf\f\ Duplicates and Replace! A^v\
ifi Broken Eye Glass I'll
yep LenSBS f° r 50c. (JA
. I % Factory on premises. ' tj I
I Y Phone Main 10. §]
I ) QUICX REPAIRING. \J
Vfift&
¦ CUTLERY
. EVEWJL/yDEMABRANIB)
ADVERTISEMENTS.
7 STRIKING 7
I specials!
....TAKEN FOR....
TODAV'SBICSALE
NOTE OUR LITTLE PRICES FOR THESE
.....BIG VALUES
Important Closing Out of Petticoats.
C _ Mercerized SATEEX
¦^ki fl*» PETTICOATS. made
HO I?R. with 2 . ruttes. lull
1LJ \r %»^ width and length.
Final Clearance Sale of Fine White Lawn
- Waists. ¦
ET __ WAISTS neatly
Jfftfe/> tucked, full Bishop
7. ¦! sleeves, tucked stock,
feaJEL/^'' all sizes. .
Tremendous Price Cuts of Percale Wrappers
'•^.v ; , ¦' • . Come In pretty strtp-
W"% M^\ ed and figured designs,
I ft M ,— > colors red, navy blue,
¦5^ «£#• black and white, bre-
_ B[ ¦&. . telles over: the jhoul-
W^-\0-^r- ders, prettily trimmed
In soutache braid.
Hosiery Special.
¦ :^' *%. ' Ladles' HOSIERY.
¦¦^mj'"^_\ excellent quality of-
¦ 5^C /^ ' Hsle/hlgh spliced heels
H # ft and double toes, regu-
JSL -lar 26c • value.
Children's Summer Dresses Must Make Way
• ' . . Made of an excellent
mmm mmm - quality oC ' PERCALE.
w M, L^ .. f ancirully . trimmed
'.¦¦Mf'^mi 9 -' with.- LINEN LACE
H n jftu and. fancy braid,. mf- r
. • mmw_ , fled bretelles, extra full
skirt with deep hem.: '
Marvels in Muslin Gowns.
¦" ¦ ¦ . ' ¦ — ... .
Price placed upon
: our f 1 GOWNS, made
. -f:~ f^ ¦ of an excellent' quality
Ag^B B f% ot muslin, square yoke
rfLfll • trimmed with Insertion
¦ B ~tf and tiny tucks, sleeves
':^0 '¦' w \^r '¦ andyoxe finished with
ruffles of , linen TOR-
CHON LACE. -
Bargains in; Flannelette. Petticoats.
— . PETTICOATS mado
¦ ¦ ¦ - ; >\_ ¦ of : hlgh-fcrkde flannel-
WA &. M/a ctte, yoke belt, deep
£afli^9fL flounce, Hnlshed with
4k f V^ scalloped edge. - em-
i . . broldered In .white.
Send for Our Fall Catalog.
':. Will Soon Be Ready for Mailing.
MARICSBROS:
1220,^1222; 1224 Market St
BET. TAYLOR AND JONES. >. .. .'
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
YOUR CREDIT IS GOOD.
LIBRARY TABLE- fiuorter-sowed oak, weath-
ered; Spanish leather top; Old Mission design;
artistic in every line; work- *•% « y* "#% c *-
manship and finish of the >k I zr&o&/<J
best. Price w a %0
ADVERTISEMENTS.
mr^^—. iiinJuM MMI— 1MB
BUY
MILLIONS
=vouk=
DEALER'S
T;O-I> A^Y
SALE'S. ¦___ m J^ gA]LE>S ' -' --
Circle" (1) Silk fljJF\M<&^M&^^^l^ September Patterns
.for Linings. JsS / \ " er9m
The New Suits
Ready at Hale's.
1 Zibelines, Broadcloths, Chev-
In the usual blouse with a skirt . . C— fa
tail or the unusual rnannish coat r1&?&\
which buttons up snugly. Some-J 7\k \
times as long as a sack coat, some- If^i I
times as long as a Prince Albert. <^\j!tf3<y~~^ I
In blacks, blues/ greens, browns /
and mixes. In a full range of _\ j r^A*
styles up to $75.00. |
But these two particular ones | \
this morning. JjL \
This Suit $15.00. I?
It's etamlne cheviot ; & new blouse, with skirt /¦'/ v. \
. effect, full sleeves, capes over shoulders. /'/ la\
. collarless, front In the Duchess style, trimmed Ij] »\\
with covered buttons,' silk ornaments. Jacket /// ! Y'\t\
Is silk lined. /// WA
(Like this .picture) — This Suit JJJ V\vV
It's etamlne cheviot; with one of those coatlsh X/ i \>$\
jackets, 32 inches Ion?, single-breasted; lined v^JSi,^ yx&_
throughout with taffeta. Collar is velvet. *^^^^^v^
. Skirt bas 7 gores; lap seams; stitched; blacks Si^^=4fcg= = a& — M ,i<^> *?im
. and blues. :>-..;. T * g^^^*tifc '**
Notion Notes. The Art Section.
Of special importance. Indian Beads, all styles, all new, are
Because they are Rood. 5c a ,box or 5c a string:. The large"
And not as expensive as you would ones are 2c, 3c and 5c each,
expect. New Battenberg patterns, some of
Pearl Buttons. 2 dozen 5c— Lines 16, 18. the latest ideas for collars, fenfires,
20, 22. 24; good pearl; white only. __ A hxnAlrfrrhirf hr>r«W<i nr <:nr£a
Children's Hose Supporters, 5c—Black, 3 and nandkercniet borders or scaru,
sizes, with safety pin tops, metal clasps. 5c up to 40c each.
Women's Side Hose Supporters. 10c— Silk Cords with tassels, 4C each.
Or rancv frilled elastic; in colors. r«ni_ #-¦ j * •¦n - 1. ti
Stockinet "Shields, 9c pair-Sizes 3 and 4. Silk Cords for pillows, such as sell
Safety Pins, 3c dozen— Nickel plated; for 22c are here at 15c a yard.
Fishing 2 lriid d , V piece-Colors and Mercerized Cords in beautiful color-
white. . ed enects'are but 10c a yd.
CuSe"'p, C n S ai 5c-i0O count, jet or colored. B^ I* 1 "^ J°% 3 , **!* „
Stock Collars, 10c— Straight and pointed. double headed, styles in all good
Women's Check Cuffa, 10c pair. colors.
Bill Files 25c.
They're board backs with patent clasp; letter size. This is an exception-
ally low price. 25c.
BONE- DICE, Uc— Round or square corners.
PLAYING CARDS. 8c package.
LIBRARY PASTE-In tubes, 5c and 10c.
JUVENILE STATIONERY, 8c box— Plain cream paper, 24 sheets and Zi en-
velopes.
Hale's on Market Street, Near Sixth