PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCIV— NO. 71.
CORONATION OF POPE PIUS X
Continued on Page 2, Column 3.
Continued on Fags 2, Column 1.
VIENNA, Aug. 9.— One explanation of
the • Macedonian, outbreak - here is that
Hilmi ' Pasha, ordered the arrest . of every
youn^&ulgarian suspect, with the result
that; mrodreds. fled to the hills and forced
the hand. of the inner revolutionary or
ganization;;
Ordered Wholesale Arrests.
i' r with tall the .- solemnity - arid
splendor associated with-; this, the most
magnificent rite in the Roman Catholic
Church. •, ' - : ; . •; ; ' ;
As Cardinal } Ma'cchl, ; the dean' of , the
Cardinal deacons, ! placed ; the triple , crown
on the head'.of the venerable Pontiff \ the
throng of 70,000 P persons ' gathered S within
the cathedrarburst'into'unrestrained ac^
clamatlons,* the; choir 'intoned a -hymn of
triumph and 'the. bells of = Rome' rang 'out
a joyful peal. It is fifty-seven years since
v the . Romans ; arid; Europeans yasslstedgat
such I a function in' St. Peter's. , The great
basilica, popularly, supposed'never.to have
been ' aulte - filled,, was . overflowing ._ with"
humanity. - The . papal- throne, a bewilder
ing mixture \ot gold, , red and silver, was
erected in front ; of i the ' high" altar. 1 . * f .
Contrary ; to custom on; these ' ceremonial
occasions, there were, no galleries/- so the
basilica ¦ bore 'more'. of -Its" normal aspect.
On the altar .'.which.was'dressed' in white,
stood'- the famous • silver-gold" candlesticks
and fa magnificent vcruciflx: \ All "the avail
able standing" space the cathedral
OME, Aug. 9.— The ceremony
fin ¦ of the coronation of Pope. Pius
• H H Jf X \ took /place • to-day- in * the
|B^ basilica of St. Peter's, in the
uLS lA presence of the nrlnces and
was divided, into sections by. wooden bar
riers, which, to a certain extent," kept the
vast "crowd'; in i order. » » .. ';. '
'¦¦• In the, early, hours after sunrise a thick
fog hung over Rome and^one.bank.of .the
Tiber could not • be seen from . the other,
while from, the Angelo bridge one 'seemed
to look into a" fathomless 'abyss instead
of .the . river. • The ! effect i waa ; especially
magnificent on entering the plazza'of ' St.
Peter's. 'At times* Michael Angeio's great
dome . disappeared' completely^ from .view 4
while \ at others : it appeared through | an
overflowing : mist. 'The ; morning ; wore-ori
and' th« . foe disappeared '\ and .; the '. sun
shone with all its Intensity until it became
unbearably 7 hot, .and \ the . stones, : columns
and statues' seemed to radiate the heat on
the thousands waiting 7, to -enter the
church. I- -vv.. .¦'-¦< '>'¦¦'•' --¦---•<•'. ;
( "At 6 o'clock in . the , morning ' the "ringing
of bells announced the imminent opening
of doors and a commotion "at once 'be
gan ' .among ," the^ crowd. . \ But .ten minutes
had ; to/ elaDse • before >. the -/doors • were
opened,' and leach 'seemed a centuryi to the
waiting crowd .which ' for i hours • had been
standing'.- before • the7 closed '¦ portals. ~ The
police '' and '. Italian* soldlerV' had* a' difficult
task' in maintaining .order, >aa the 1 cruah-
; .When the doors were 'opened the'tnrush
was' terrific. v . Many who started from the
bottom of the steps outside were lifted off
their. feet and \ carried into the cathedral.
It [ was a' great, human torrent 'let loose,
.thousands of -persons rushing, crushing
and squeezing amid screams, protests,
gesticulations . a nd cries . for* . help, i But
once" in the cathedral there was no escape
and the compactness of the crowd proved
to be thesafety'of'those-who were caught
in -It. Women- fainted in' comparatively
large numbers, and even men were over
come by ; heat, ' but .'no serious
were ; reported. : Fortunately there were
jVery * few ' children ' present. After . their
entrance thepeople had further long hours
of waiting, and it is computed that, the
majority, were on their feet altogether ten
hours before the ceremony. - *- . • t
- Those who* had received special Invita
tions, including', the high ecclesiastics who
were * not participants ) in the '¦ procession,
ing. and fatigue, had begun to tell on the
patience of the people.
MANY. WOMEN. FAINT . .
INiTHElVILD RUSH
¦': TO ENTER BASILIC?!
. Inside »the Vatican palace there was no
less movement and bustle as the papal
procession, composed of about 300 persons,
all of whom had gathered early ' in the
apostolic palace, was formed.
The, Pope seemed to be the only tran
quil one among the multitude. He arose
unusually early and - took a stroll In the
Vatican garden. Then he allowed himself
to-be ' dressed by the Cardinals. He
the diplomats and the Roman aristocracy,
had a reserved entrance through the sac
risty of St. Peter's." Prince Massimo ar
rived accompanied by his daughter-in
law. Princess Beatrice, the daughter of
Don' Carlos, and they were given prom
inent seats. Duke Robert of Parma was
the only other member of the royal fam
ily" to attend. Among the aristocracy
there was. a great mixture of thoas
Roman nobles who remain faithful to tha
papacy and those adhering to the Qulri
nal. ; Sir- Thomas Esmonde, representing
the Icjsh. Parllmentary party, was re
ceived by two Knlghta of the Cape and
Sword— one -of these ¦ F. C. McNutt, an
American— and conducted to the diplo
matic inclosure.
PopePiusX Bestowing tHeAposiqUc^nedicUqn From the Throne.
DOMESTIC INHERITS TWO
MILLIONS KLONDIKE GOLD
To Gret the Money She Must Jilt Her
Lover and Marry
Another.
GENEVA, N. Y.. Aug. 3.— Jesse Hart,
i pretty young domestic of this town,
received word to-day from Seattle. Wash.,
that her uncle, James L. Hawley, a mine
owner, had died leaving her his entire
fortune of f2 ,OW.OO0.
MIfs Hart Is engaged to marry a young
rnsn who works on a farm near here, but,
according to the provisions of her uncle's
tvil! # ehe must, in order to inherit his for
tune, marry Jerome Medley of Dawson
City, Alaska, whom she has never seen.
Otherwise the money will go to other rela
tives or to charity. A letter to Miss Hart
from a Seattle lawyer says that the young
man is the son of her dead uncle's chum,
Joseph Medley, who went West from Chi
cago with the deceased Hawley in 1835.
"I shall make up my mind in a few
days." the said. "If I give up my in
tended husband I lose a vast fortune.
My uncle was always queer. He was at
tached to the young man named in the
will and undoubtedly wished his family
blood linked with ours."
INCREASED FREIGHT RATES
TO THE PACIFIC COAST
CHATTANOOGA. Tcnn.. Aug. 9.— The
manufacturers of Chattanooga have been
notified by the various railroads that be
ginning September 1 there will be an in
crease on freight consigned to the Pa
cific States, the advance to be equal to
the rate between ail Southern points and
the Mississippi River. The increased
rates will affect all shippers south of the
Ohio and east of the Mississippi rivers.
- All freight received in this territory
from the Pacific States or imported goods
coming by way of San Francisco will be
subjected to the same Increase as goods
ehixped from here.
The Foreign Minister has informed the
representatives of the powers that the
| Government will use its utmost endeavors
i to quell all unrest in Bulgaria occasioned
by the events In Macedonia, but the pow
ers must do their part to take the neces
sary steps to induce the Porte to stop the
persecution of the innocent and the em
ployment of Bashi-Bazouks in suppress
ing the revolution. The massacre likely
to follow the letting loose of the Bashi-
Bazouks, added the ' Minister, is likely to
precipitate the movement in Bulgaria In
tfavor of the revolution and thus force the
hand of the Government,"
The Bulgarian Ministry Is closely watch
ing the situation In Macedonia and has
decided to increase the frontier forces.
Orders have been telegraphed to the fron
tier authorities to redouble their vigilance
and prevent all unauthorized persons, as
well as insurgent bands, crossing the
Turkish frontier. ' *
"The fighting area is widening and will
gradually embrace f very villayet in Mace
donia until the autonomy of the country
has been gained by force of arms or by
the Intervention of .those great powers
which desire peace. Not until then will
we lay down our arms."
The Macedonian revolutionary commit
tee is now drawing up and will shortly
circulate a declaration addressed to the
powers explaining Macedonian grievances
and the object of the revolution.
SOFIA, Bulgaria, Aug. 9.— "Nothing caji
end the present revolution in Macedonia
until our national aspirations are satis
fied or those fighting to attain them are
exterminated."
This was the concluding sentence of a
statement made to-day to the correspond
ent of the Associated Press who is Inves
tigating the situation in Macedonia by
the Macedonian committee at the revolu
tionary headquarters here. .
Boris Saraffof, the head and front of the
movement, is with the insurgents In
Macedonia. Ills representatives here be
lieved that the desired results would be
gained through the present movement.
\ "The object of the present rising," said
the Macedonian committee, "is to win re
form which will assure the Christian peo
ple of Macedonia security for their lives
and property and the right to participate
in the administration of the country.
"The present revolutionary organization
came into existence nine years ago, when
the persecution of the Bulgarian popula
tion of Macedonia became flagrant. To
day all Macedonia is embraced in the
movement, and though it. was not Intend
ed to strike so soon, because the prepara
tions for the rising were not sufficiently
completed, the recent outrages of the
Turks, the massacres of the innocent, the
pillaging of villages and the extortion of
heavy fines on various pretexts so exas
perated all that the insurrection was de
cided upon, no matter what might be the
outcome.
Revolution Will Not End Until Na
tional Aspirations Are Satisfied.
MACEDONIANS EAGER FOR WAR.
The captain of the steamer El Capitan.
which pliee between Vallejo Junction and
Vellejo reports having seen the Heine
shortly before the disaster occurred. He
rays she ha<i ail sails set and was in
danger at that time, as a stiff breeze was
blowing. Many of the residents of
Vallejo. reports having seen the Heine
Cove to-day and as the ill-fated yacht
\cas headed for that point when It sank
it was for a time feared that the list of
browned would be found to be much
greater than at first reported. It was
learned late this afternoon, however, that
only four lost their lives. As the flotilla
of yachts headed homeward with flags
flying at half matt to-night it was a
E'.ght which brought sorrow to the hearts
of every citizen of this town. The most
profound sympathy is felt for the fam
ilies of those who went down to tfcath in
the yacht.
The Heine was a 30-foot Eloop owned
End built by Har.son and it is eaid was
not properly ballasted. Hanson was
¦warned that the yacht was not safe with
out more ballast and boatmen who were
aware of her condition were not sur
prised to learn of the disaster.
The only eyewitness to the accident
f o far known, was a lady on the Crockett
shore who saw the yacht sikk. She
quickly spread the alarm.
The steamer Dauntless was tied up at
the Crockett sugar mill and as soon as
the members of the crew learned of the
disaster they started out in a small boat,
but before they reached the spot where
the yacht sunk the men had disappeared
Jjeneat-h the waves.
BENICIA. Aug. 9.-The yacht Heine.
formerly the Trilby, of the Vallejo Yacht
Club, capsized In the bay off Crockett
this morning while beating her way to
Glen Cove in a heavy gale and sank, car
rying her crew of four men to the bot
tom of Carquinez Straits. The crew
consisted of William Hanson, David Wil
eon, Emile Chilene and Herman fcralomon.
Hanson was t!*e owner of the yacht and
was employed by the Government as chief
machinist at ILare Island navy yard. He
was attached to the torpedo boat de
etroyer Perry and was in charge of the
engines when that craft carried President
Roosevelt to Vallejo and Mare Inland in
May last. Wilson was employed In S.
M. Levee's dry gooSs store in Vallejo.
His relatives Ijx'e in Kansas. Salomon
and Cfc:j«?ne were prominent business men
or Vallejo and both leave families to
mourn their Iocs.
Special IMsratch to The Call
Disaster Due to Craft's
Not Being Properly
Ballasted.
"Men who have been guilty of a crime
like rape or murder should be visited with
ewift and certain punishment and the just
effort made by the courts to protect them
in their rights should under no circum
stances be perverted into permitting any
mere technicality to avert or delay their
punishment. • The substantial rights of
the prisoner to a fair trial must, of course,
be guaranteed, as you have so Justly in
sisted. That they should be made subject
to this guarantee the law must ¦ work
swiftly and surely and all the agents of
the law should realize the wrong they do
when they permit justice to be delayed
or thwarted"' for technical or insufficient
reasons. We must show that the law is
"Moreover, every effort should be made
under the law to expedite the proceedings
of justice in the case of such an awful
crime, but It cannot be necessary In order
to accomplish this to deprive any citizen
of the fundamental rights to be heard In
his own defense which are so dear to us
and which lie at the root of our liberty.
It certainly ought to be possible by the
proper administration of the laws to se
cure swift vengeance upon the criminal,
and the immediate efforts of all legisla
tors. Judges and citizens should be ad
dressed to securing such reforms in our
legal procedure as to leave no vestige of
excuse for those misguided men who un
dertake to reap vengeance through vio
lent methods. .
"All men must feel the gravest alarm
over the growth of lynching in this coun
try", and especially over the peculiarly
hideous forms so often taken by mob vio,
lence when colored men are the victims,
on which occasions the mob seems to lay
most weight not on the crime, but on the
color of the criminal. In a portion of these
cases the man lynched has been guilty of
a crime terrible, horrible beyond descrip
tion, a crime so horrible that as far as he
himself Is concerned he has forfeited the
right to any kind of sympathy* whatso
ever.
"The feeling of all good citizens that
such a hideous crime shall not be hideous,
ly punished by mob violence is due not in
the '.east to sympathy for the criminal, but
to a very lively sense of the train of
dreadful consequences which follow the
course taken by the mob In exacting in
human vengeance for an inhuman wrong.
In such cases, .moreover, it is well to re
member that the criminal not merely sins
against humanity in unpardonable fash
ion, but sins particularly against his own
race, and dots them a wrong far greater
than any white man can possibly do
them. Therefore in such cases the col
ored people throughout the land should in
every possible way show their belief that
they, more than all others in the com
munity, are horrified at the commission
of such a crime and are peculiarly con
cerned in taking every possible measure
to prevent its recurrence and to bring the
criminal to immediate Justice. The slight,
est lack of vigor, either in denunciation
of the crime or in bringing the criminal to
justice, Is itself unpardonable. '
LAW SHOULD BE SWIFT.
GROWTH OF LYNCHING.
"My Dear Governor: Permit me to
thank you as an American citizen for the
way in which you have vindicated the
majesty of the law by your recent action
in reference to lynching. 1 feel, my dear
1 sir, that you have made all men your
debtors who believe, as all far-seeing
men must, that the well being— indeed,
the very existence— of the republic de
pends upon that orderly liberty under the
law which Is Inccmpa table with mob vio
lence as with any, other form . of jdespo-
Usm. Of course, mob violence is simply
one form of anarchy;. and anarchy is now,
as it always will be. the handmaiden and
forerunner of tyranny.
"I feel that you have not only reflected
honor unto the State which for its good
fortune has you as its chief executive,
but upon the whole nation. It is Incum
bent upon every man throughout this
country not only to hold up your hands
in the course you have been following,
but to show his realization that the mat
ter is one of vital concern io us all. . •
OYSTER BAY, N. Y.. Aug. 9.— In a let
ter, the publication of which was author
ized to-day. President Roosevelt com
mends Governor Durbin of Indiana for
the attitude he assumed recently respect
ing lynching. The President also em
braces the opportunity to express his own
views In reference to lynching and mob
violence as one form of anarchy, and that
anarchy a forerunner of tyranny. The
President vigorously urges that the pen
alty for crimes that induce a resort to
lynching shall be applied swiftly and sure
ly, but by due process of the courts, so
that it may be deemed strictly "that the
law is adequate to deal with crime by
freeing It from every vestige of technical
ity and delay."
President Roosevelt's letter in full to
Governor Durbin follows:
"OYSTER BAY. N. Y., Aug. 6, 1903.
Some Greek peasants were killed in one
of the Kasas of the villayet of Monastir,
and in the villayet of Okhrleda the insur
gents attacked some Mussulman villages.
They everywhere displayed rage and fero
city, and the Mussulman inhabitants
were greatly terrorized.
The Government is taking every meas
ure possible to suppress the rising. Eight
more battalions have been ordered to the
villayet of Monastir. M. Maurocordato.
the Greek Minister, has made representa
tions to the Porte on behalf of the Greek
subjects.
M. Rostkovzkl, the Russian Consul at
Monastir, it turns out, was murdered on
Sunday morning by a Zaptie, a member
of the Turkish police, who was on duty
outside the consulate. The assassin was
arrested. The Grand Vizier and the Min
ister of Foreign Affaire,' called j on the
Russian Embassador, M. Zinovleff, and
expressed the Government's deep regret
over ' the occurrences '. ">"7* t r^-"*- v ***^*_*^ r *
M. Rostkoyzki .waa about. 40 years old,
a- married man 'with one daughter..
Ttie official Fremdenblatt contends that,
authough he was a victim of a Turkish
bullet. . the Macedonian Committee is re
sponsible for his murder and that Russia
will know where to place the blame. •
CONSTANTINOPLE, Aug. 9.— Late dis
patches from HUmi Pasha, Inspector gen
eral of the reform movement, announces
that 'insurgents in large numbers in the
district of Clisuri, villayet of Mbnastlr, at
tacked the village of DJlvarek, near Kas
toria, massacred the inhabitants, includ
ing women and children. Then they furi
ously attacked neighboring villages,
taking many captives, some of whom were
burned alive.
Urges Swift Application
of Penalty for Infa
mous Crimes.
Assailants Visit Their Fe
rocity Upon Women
and Children.
Yacht Heine Is Sunk
in a Gale Off
Crockett.
Declares Mob Violence
to Be a Form of
Anarchy.
Ruthless Slaughter of
Peasants in the
Vilavet.
Four Residents of
Vallejo Are
Drowned,
Commends Course
of Governor of
Indiana.
Insurgents Mas
sacre Monastir
Villagers.
PERISH
IN THE
STRAITS
PRESIDENT
DENOUNCES
LYNCHING
PRISONERS
ARE BURNED
BY CAPTORS
SAN FRANCISCO; MONDAY,' AUGUST : l0, 1903.
The San Francisco Call.FRENCH PREMIER WHO WAS
FIRED UPON BY A SUPPOSED
ANARCHIST.
JW'ATERBURY, Conn., Aug.; 9.— The strike
of ' trolley men - which begran . thlrty-^eeks ago
van settled to-day, the Connecticut T^fttrlc and
Lighting Company ngreeln* to takflJPItck part
of the- strikers- at once -at; the; clef, waste*, to
glva employment to the others •* boor as prac
ticable and to treat with a commute* from the
men regarding the future — >" 1 .>>- '
LONDON, Aug. . 9.— Dominated by the
troubles in Wall street, the stock market
has just passed through another' anxious
week and closed without much hope that
the worst had been seen. Foreign securi
ties were inactive .and thus far but -little
affected : by threatened Macedonian. trou-~
hits. The . rally in Americans -on : Friday
failed to attract buyers, but it is believed
there, are investors . who are willing -'.to
purchase 'at the first sign of a^healthier
tone in Wall street
London Stock Market.
PEKING, .Aug. 0.— An . American firm
has contracted to furnish Russian flour
mills" with machinery worth $300,000. The
output -of .the" mills: will -be increased
within a year to 1500 barrejs per day, su
perseding the supply of flour .from Amer
ica. •'''^BsanfflMHHsBBSHH
For Russian Flour Mills.
BAR HARBOR, Me.. Aug. 9.— William
E. Dodge, the New York millionaire and
philanthropist, 'died to-day at Stanwood,
his summer home here. Mr. Dodge had
been in noor health for several months.
He was a member, of. the New York metal
house of Phelps. Dodge & Co., and was 71
years old. He was one of the founders of
the Union .League Club, and well known
as foremost . in . charitable work. He is
survived by a widow and three daughters.
NEW YORK PHILANTHROPIST
D|ES AT" HIS" SUMMER HOME
GENERAL MILES IS GIVEN
OVATION AT CUMBERLAND
Civil War Veterans Cheer the Former
Commander at the Railroad
Station.
CUMBERLAND, Md., Aug. 9.— General
Nelson A. Miles, en route from Washing
ton to San Francisco, was given an ova
tion upon hl3 arrival here to-day. The
Union Veteran Legion and members of
the Grand Army were at the station in
large "numbers and cheered the veteran
to the echo, while the South Cumberland
band played national airs. There ' was
cheering and wavlns of handkerchiefs by
many thousands of persons.
General Thomas R. Scott of Baltimore
made a short speech, referring to General
Miles as the "greatest living soldier," and
invited the assembled multitude to form a
line and shake the hand of , the retiring
general. General Miles 'was perceptibly
moved by the ; spontaneous ovation.
Foster Pictures,
Most striking effects are produced. by
premium pictures mounted on harmonious
tinted raw silk mat boards— greens, grays
black and red, most stunning and artistic
for a ver.v moderate outlay. Sanborn
Vail & Co.. 741 Market street- •
SALEM, Mass., Aug. 9.— Colonel Charles
B. Montgomery, who has been aiding rev
olutionists In various South and Central
American states, arrived here to-day from
Honduras. He said to-day that he was
arrested as a rebel in Honduras last May
and. released through the Interposition of
the United States Consul.
Montgomery has been connected with
Texas newspapers, and his trip to Hon^
duras was partly to. join the rebel army
and partly to find Seth Tracey, who ab
sconded from Houston, Tex., after having
stolen $80,000. He says he found ' Tracey
there, and besides* him several other no
torious ¦ forgers from the Statesfall living
in luxury. He names among them Had
ley Jones, ex-Mayor of Little Falls. N.
Y., who took a handsome sum of money;
George H. Tripp of Hartford, Conn., who
took $20,000; Frank H. Brown of New
port, Ky.. 'who left with $260,000 of bank
money; F. E. Webb of Mobile, the bank
forger, and several others. They run the
government and the business of the city
where they live— Tegucigalpa.
Montgomery served in the Colombian
army In I'JOO.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Colony of i American
Fugitives Inhabits
Tegucigalpa.
Six Prisoners Escape and but Two
Axe Recaptured.
BUTTE, Mont., Aug. 9.— Two prisoners
under sentence of death for murder, an
other awaiting trial on a charge of mur
der, a stage robber wanted in Wyoming
and two highwaymen escaped . from the
county jail here late this afternoon.
The men who. escaped are: Charles
Lenox and James Martin, convicted of
murder; L. L. Felker, who escaped once
before and has been tried twice for th«:
murder of William Cunningham, his
brother-in-law, and is awaiting a third
trial; J. 8. Woods and Patrick Rodger*,
held for robbery, and .' Frank Oestroff,
wanted In Cheyenne for having held up
a stage coach. The latter and Woods,
who had , planned the delivery, were
caught within an hour after they escaped.
Oestroff complained of being sick and a
doctor was called In. When Jailer Dolan
opened the corridor Oestroff drew a re
volver and compelled Dolan to deliver the
cell keys. The other prisoners were lib
erated and coolly left the building by the
main entrance. Oestroff and Woods were
run. down by horsemen and brought back
to jaiL
Two posses were quickly, organized and
are now in pursuit of the others.
JAIL BREAK AT BUTTE.
"Moreover, tho history of these recent
cases shows the awful fact that when the
minds of mm are habituated to the use ot
torture by lawless bodies to avenge crimes
of a peculiarly revolting description, other
lawless bodies will use torture In order to
punish crimes of an ordinary type.
"Surely no natrlot can fail . to see the
f earful brutalization and debasement which
the Indulgence of such a spirit and such
practices- inevitably portend. Surely, all
public men, all writers for the dally press,
all clergymen, all teachers, all who In any
way have a right to address the public
should with every energy denounce such
crimes and. to support those engaged in
putting i them down. As a people we
claim the right to speak with peculiar
emphasis for freedom and for, fair treat
ment of all men without regard to dif
ference of race, -fortune, creed or color.
We forfeit the right so to speak when we
commit or condone such crimes as those
of which I speak. .
"The nation, like the individual, cannot
commit a crime with impunity. If we are
guilty of lawlessness and brutal violence,
whether our guilt consists in active par
ticipation therein or; in mere connection
ana encouragement, we shall assuredly
suffer later on because of what we have
done. ,The cornerstone of this republic,
as of all free governments, is respect for
and obedience to the law. Where we per
mit the. law to be defied or evaaed,
whether by rich man or poor man, black
man or white man. we are by just so'
much weakening me bonds of our civili
zation and increasing the chances of its
overthrow and of the substitution there
for of a system. In which there shall be
violent altercations of . anarchy and
tyranny. Sincerely yours,'
"THEODORE ROOSEVELT."
USE OF T0BTUB.E.
. "In the recent cases of lynching over
three- fourths were not for rape at all,
but for murder, attempted murder and
even less heinous offenses. .
"This matter of lynching would bo a
terrible thing even If It stopped with the
lynching of men guilty of the inhuman
and hideous crime of rape; but as a mat
ter of fact, the lawlessness of this type
never does stop and never can stop in
such fashion. Every violent man in the
community is encouraged by every case
of lynching. In which the lynchers go un
punished, to take the law into his own
hands whenever it suits his own con
venience. In the same way the use of
torture by the mob in certain cases i3
sure to spread until it is applied more or
less indiscriminately in other cases. The
spirit of lawlessness grows with what it
feeds on, and when mobs with impunity
lynch criminals for one cause, they are
certain to begin to lynch real or alleged
criminals for other causes. - .
-"It. is, of course, inevitable that where
vengeance is taken by a mob it should
frequently faJl on innocent people and for
the wrong done in such a.. case there is
no remedy. But even where criminals aro
reached, 1 the wrong done by the mob to
the community' itself is well nigh as
great. Especially Is this true where the
lynching is accompanied with ¦ torture.
There are certain hideous sights which
when once seen can never be wholly
erased from the mental retina. The mere
fact of having seen them implies degra
dation. This is a thousandfold stronger
when, instead of merely seeing the deed,"
the man has participated in It. Whoever,
In any part of our country, has ever tak
en part in lawlessly putting to death a
criminal by the dreadful torture of fire
must forever after have the awful spec
tacle of his handiwork seared into hi. -5
brain and soul. He can never again be
the same man.
INNOCENT MAY SUFFER.
adequate to deal with crime by freeing
ft from every vestige of technicality and
delay. |
."But the fullest recognition of the. hor
ror of the crime and the most complete
laok of sympathy with the criminal can
not in the least diminish our horror at the
way in which it. has been, customary, to
avenge their crimes and at the conse
quences that are already; proceeding
therefrom.
RICH ABSCONDERS
ENJOYING LUXURY
The attempt upon the life of the Prime
Minister caused great excitement and the
crowd pointed out to the police the author
of the attempt, a man dressed in flsher
man'3 clothing. His companion drew a
but the police quickly disarmed him-
The police had much difficulty In protect
ing the man who had fired the shots from
the crowd. He struggled desperately, but
was soon overcome, handcuffed and taken
to the prefecture, where M. Combes had
already arrived. The first interrogation of
the prisoner took place In the presence of
the Premier.
The man said his name was San \alre
Plcolo. Ho spoke very bad French, with
a strong Italian accent. He denied that
he had flred the shots, but when searched
a revolver was found with two chambers
which had been recently fired.
It is believed that Plcolo and his com
panion, who effected his escape during the
Society of Teachers, at which M.
Pellatln, Minister of Marine, and Henri
Hrlfson. Deputy for Marseilles, and a
number of Senators and Deputies were
present, two pistol shots were flred at the
carriage: In which he was riding. The
Premier was untouched and none of those
accompanying him was hurt.. .
MARSEILLES, Aug. 9.-As Pre
mier Corabea was returnlg this
afternoon to the prefecture from
a banquet given by the Friendly
Continued From Page 1, Column 2.
As the Premier'* carriage was passing the
corner of the Avenue Capolette and Rue Saint
JOIoi live men began. throwing tomatoes. Only
one of the missiles reached the carriage, strik
ing the coachman in the eye. The detectives,
aided by the local police, started in pursuit of
the men, who fled. Beinp: closely pressed and
t-eeinjc themselves about to be overtaken, the
men drew knives and revolvers and engaged in
a struggle with the police, who flred. seri
ously wounding three of them. One of those
injured succeeded in pac3ing his revolver to
an accomplice. Another was arrested a few
minutes later. One of them, named TIcolo.
has already undergone five previous arrests.
Premier Combes, accompanied by Minister of
Marine Pelletan. left Marseilles to-night for
Paris.
The following official version of the at
tack upon Premier Combes has been is
sued:
confusion, are anarchists. The police aro
aware of the presence in Marseilles of a
number of other anarchists.
PRESIDENT DENOUNCES LYNCHING
Services last night at St. Francis Church
were held especially in honor of . the
ciownlng of the new Pontiff, Plus X. Rev.
Father Caraher preached an eloquent
sermon, advocating Increased loyalty to
the spiritual head of tho church and urg
ing his hearers to mako that loyalty ap
parent by sedulous care for their, religious
duties and by leading lives of truth,
purity and sobriety. Benediction of the
blessed sacrament followed. ( _¦
Services, at St. Francis.
CHEYENNE, W'yo., Aug. 9.— Tom Horn,
the condemned murderer of little Willie
Klckoll, and Jim McCloud, in custody for
postofflce robbery, escaped from the
county jail at 8:40 o'clock this • morniijg
after overpowering Deputy Sheriff Proc
tor, but were recaptured after a brief but.
exciting chase. The ringing of fire bells
brought hundreds of armed citizens to
the scene, and it looked for a time as
though a lynching would take place, but
the escapes were hurriedly brought back
to the Jail and placed In their cells be
fore the crowds could form themselves
Into a mob. The men did not get but two
blocks away before they were retaken.
The plot which led to their escape was
well planned. Horn and McCloud were
the only prisoners confinea on the upper
floor of the Jail. They occupied steel
cells, eo arranged that communication
was comparatively easy. This morning
McCloud complained to Deputy Proctor of
being ill and requested some medicine and
a glass of water. Upon returning with
the. articles asked for Proctor discovered
that the men had lef$ their cells, which
were not locked, and had walked to the
end of the corridor through which they
were allowed to exercise. When Proctor
.opened the. door to the corridor he was
pouiiced upon by the two men and se
curely bound with a cord which they had
secured in some- manner. Horn and Mc-
Cloud demanded .that he give them .his
keys, and, although Proctor . had them
on his person, he replied that they were
locked up in the safe. Proctor was then
conducted to where the safe stood and
directed to open it. The order was obeyed,
but on opening the aafe Proctor snatched
from Inside a gun and turned on the men.
They were too quick for him. however,
and* soon bore him down.. In the brief
struggle vProctop fired his revolver at
them four times, slightly wounding Mc-
Cloud. The shooting attracted the at
tention of Deputy Snow, who hastened to
the scene, but was met at the doorway
by McCloud. who had secured possession
of a shotgun In some manner. Snow re
treated and Horn and McCloud escaped
through a rear door of the Jail, after
binding the arms of Deputy Proctor.' Mc-
Cloud secured the only horso In the
Sheriff's stable and mounted the animal
arid started toward the west Horn ran
in the opposlto-'direotlon. •' : • -
About this time Sheriff Smalley arrived
on the scene and started in .pursuit of
McCloud, firing his revolver without
effect. After a short chase McCloud sur
rendered.'When Horn left the Jail yard
the fact that he wore no hat and carried
a revolver attracted the attention of O.
M. Elurich, who operates an amusement
stand across the street. Eldrich gave
chase, firing several shots at Horn, one
of which grazed his neck. Horn, slightly
wounded, turned and aimed his revolver
at Eldrich, but the gun being of an auto
matic lock pattern, one with which Horn
was unfamiliar, he was unable to dis
charge it, and, realizing his helplessness,
Horn surrendered just as Eldrich was
about to shoofagain. When Eldrich ap
proached Horn, the latter showed fight,
but was beaten Into submission by hia
plucky pursuer. By this time numbers of
officers and citizens had gathered at the
spot, and Horn, bleeding from his wounds,
was dragged back to the jail. Quiet pre
vails now and there Is no probability of
an attempt being made to lynch the Jail
breakers.
With One Hand Released to Work
Combination Plucky Jailer
Grabs His Gun and Gives
Prisoners Battle.
Bind Him Hand and Foot/and
Compel Him to Open
Safe for Keys.
The Pontiff was so fatigued by the cer
emony that the meeting of the consistory,
•which was to have been held to-morrow,
was postponed. . • #•
To-night all of the churches and re
ligious institutions and manv private
houses were illuminated In honor of the
occasion.
The officers of the Vatican refused dip
lomatists accredited to the Qulrlnal any
facilities for being present at' the coron
ation. '.Nevertheless, some of them were
there as" civilians, through the courtesy
of their colleagues of the French em
bassy to the Vatican.
Besides Cardinal Gibbons, there were
present at the coronation to-^av Mon
slgnor Kennedy and the entire American
college party, the Archbishop of Manila,
Monslgnor O'Connell. rector of Washing
ton University, and Very Rev. Charles
P. Granna, of the same institution, Father
Wall and Father John E. Burke of New
York, Father E. W. Fowler of Sioux City,
la.. And Father Thomas B. Donovan of
Montgomery. Ala.
The only member of the Pope's family
present was his nephew, Parolin, who is
a parish priest, f
Cardinal Gibbons, after participating in
the coronation ceremonies, started for
the villa of the American Collega at Cas
tle Gandolfo. accompanied by Monslgnor
Kennedy, rector of the college. The Car
dinal will spend a few days In rest.
at St. ¦ Peter's to-day not a single un
toward incident occurred and the perfect
order is attributed to the good organi
zation of the military - and the police.
Premier Zanardelll, although not well, re
mained in Rome purposely to direct the
policy, of government. He left immedi
ately after the coronation, saying:
Rome, and Italy have given proof to th«
world of tha freedom of the church.
Inmates of a Wyoming
Prison Overpower
. Their Keeper. ;
"I offer aa aft of obedience to your
i(oliness and wf sh you a prosperous and
Eldriotis pontiCaite."
The Cardinal recalled that the bodies
of the first Pcipo and of St. Paul rested
In the basilica, which fact, he said, was
of good augury ;for tho work of the new
head of the Catholic church.
The Pontiff *nis visibly touc%ed, and.
answering in a arembling voice., warmly
thanked the Cardinals for their well
wishes;.
"Good wishes." Jhe eald. "arc extremely
precious."
The procession tlien re-formed and pro
ceeded to the doorcif, the basilica, through
which Pius.X care an almost terror
stricken glance, w&ispering to Dr. Lap
poni: ; *« .- ;
"Shall I ever bo* able to., go through
with itr*
The people in tbn» basilica had in the
meantime beoom* impatient, and when
the gleaming cross "which ' preceded the
cortege was seen it ¦was., greeted with
rreat applause. On C»e appearance of the
Pontiff himself it socmed as though the
people would peek to. carry him In their
arms so .great was their .enthusiasm.
Cries of "Pius, our .Pope, our father!"
and "Long live Pius X!" were raised, not
withstanding tho large placards posted
throughout the basilica, saying "Acclama
tions are forbidden." I*eaflets to the same
effect were distributed among the crowd.
The cries continued unlU the Pontiff was
compelled to arise and bless the multi
tude and at the same tljne he made a sign
for more reverential behavior. Silence
was enforced when the' choir announced
Hs entrance with the "Etecesacredos Mag
nus," which was accompanied by the
sweet notes of the silver trumpets.
TRANSITORY GLORY
ACHIEVED BY MAN
IS ILLUSTRATED
• quaint ceremony was then carried
oui - he master of ceremonies knelt three
tim'i N s before the Pontiff, each time light
ing » l handful of hemp which surmounted
a £lV-* er torch and as the flame flashed
and x*"«nt out he said:
"Hoh' father, thus passeth away the
clory o\f the world."
The\low ceiling sent back an exquisite
echo o£. the "T»es Petsus," sung by the
Sistlne c,hoir, whose voices were heard
outside In* the its zza of St. Peter's. Car
dinal RamjVolla. advancing with dignity.
knelt at the foojt of the Pope. He then
tald; ' i
The procession was a long time in get
ting under way, but afterward as it
moved through the magnificent halls and
corridors of the Vatican it recalled former
d^ys. when all was color and picturesque
r.pfs within the palace. The Pope was the
central ¦ figure in the long procession.
"White robes and the miter were worn
¦without an' effort, making' a vivid con
tract to thwe memorable occasions on
Pope Leo XIII wore them, for Leo
eeemed always unable to support their
veiffct. Over the Pontiff's head a canopy
was hel* by eight men, while the historic
ostrich feather fans with peacock tips
frave » touch of barbaric splendor to
"Western eyes.
Surrounding Pops Pius were the Xoble
Guard in new red uniforms and gleaming
helmets and carrying drawn swords, while
In front marched the Cardinals, a gor
geous bit of color with many handsome
faces among them, the Cardinal-Bishops
in their capes, the. Cardinal-priests wear
ing chasubles and the CardinaJ-deaeons
in their delmatics.
Another figure which evoked murmurs
cf admiration and craning of necks was
th« chaplain, in his crimson cape, proudly
bearing the cushion on which reposed the
famous triple crown, so soon to rest on
the head of Pius X. He was accompanied
by the pontifical Jeweler and by a special
jruard composed of Swiss, and was fol
lowed by the choir of the SIstine chapel.
Before leaving tho Vatican the Pope
went to thei Sistin© Chapel to worship
before th? sacrament exposed therein:
¦tliea he passed through the sala regia and
the Constantlne staircase into the porti
co of the basilica. He there seated him
self on a throne erected directly before
ihe holy door and with seats around for
the members of the Sacred College, the
chapter of St. Peter's and the papal court.
At the right of the throne stood Prince
OrFini, the assistant to the papal throne,
•who withdrew his recent resignation of
the post in order to participate in the
function. . . .—„.>¦
ImmeHlately beside the Pope were the
majordomo, Monslgnor Cagalno; the
master of the chamber, MonaJgnor Bi6
ietl; the master <jf ceremonies. Moasignor
r.lpei. and Dr. Lapponi.
"The Pontiff vat very pale, i but com-
'CARDINALS. OFFER..
[ WISHES T4ND
Tim POPE REPLIES
"I have no desire to appear what I am
r>t." and he were them during the entire
STALWART PONTIFF
CENTRAL FIGURE IN
LONG PROCESSION
Juft before entering the sedla gestato
ria he asked for his spectacles, and when
the master of ceremonies discreetly an-
Fwered that his Holiness would look bet
ter without them, he said:
"We feel very well this morning, but we
may be different on returning from our
coronation. "
evinced no nervousness, and even said
lokinjrly to the master of ceremonies,
t« ho tbe other day suggested # that he
Ehould use the plural form in speaking of
himself:
The procession then proceeded^ tb«
Pope's face meanwhile illuminated by a
smile. At the chapel of the sacrament
there was another halt and his Holiness
left the eedan chair and prayed at the
altar. On re-entering the chair he was
carried to the chapel of St. Gregory,
where he officiated at mass, being as
sisted by Cardinals Macchi, Dl Pletro,
Segna and Vannutelli. Then all tha Car
dinals donned their silver capes and
white mitres and th« Pope was borne to
the throne amid renewed acclamations
and waving of handkerchiefs and bats.
Then was presented a magnificent pic
ture to which no pen could do justice.
The central figure was the venerable
Pontiff, seated on the throne. Two lines
of Cardinals clad In sliver and scarlet
reached to the high altar, with Its burden
of -burning candles and sacred vessels,
while around stood the papal guards, the
Pontifical court, monks and officials. The
cathedral was illuminated with twinkling
lights, while the marble columns and
walls rendered the color schema more
vivid. Overhead was the most magnifi
cent dome in the world, up to which
floated the harmony of the muclc.
From th« throne Pius X, surrounded
by his suite, walked to the -high altar.
standing over the crypt of St. Peter, into
which meanwhile Cardinal Macchi de
scended to pray. The altar was sur
mounted by a baldachlno supported by
four historic bronze pillars taken from
the Pantheon.
The appearance of the Pope in that
elevated position called for another
burst of enthusiasm. The Pore then
blessed the altar, and, after saying the
"Indulgentiagm" the maniple, a symbol
of the cord with whicli Christ was bound
on his capture, was placed, with great
ceremony, upon the Pope's arm. At the
same time prayers for the coronation were
recited by Cardinals Vannutelli, Mocennl,
Agliardi and Satolli.
Returning" 'from . the crypt Cardinal
Macchl placed upon the shoulders of the
Pope the Pontifical paJium and attached
It with three golden jeweled pins, say
ing; ¦•. ¦.-¦¦,
"Receive this sacred palium as a eym
bol of the fullness of the Pontifical office,
in honor of Almighty God. the xuost glor
ious Virgin Mary, his mother; the blessed
Apostles St. Peter and St. Paul, and the
holy Roman Catholic church. -..; -:-,
Mass was then celebrated with great
pomp and ceremony, the voice of the
Pope becoming gradually more firm until
It was even audible in the most distant
corner of the immense church.
Fallowing this Cardinal Macchl per
formed the rite of Incensing the Pope-,
whom he subsequently kissed three time*
on the cheek and chest, as did Cardinals
Eegna and Vannutelli.
SENIOR CARDINAL
DEACON BESTOWS
• THE TRIPLE CROWN
On the Pope's return to the throne the
Cardinals offered their last obedience to
the . Pontiff, kissing- his hands and feet
and receiving embraces by him twice in
return. The bishops : and archbishops
kissed his foot and right knee, while the
abbots kissed only his foot The Holy
Father then walked to the shrine of St.
Peter for the culminating rites of the ex
tremely fatiguing ceremony. ' .
The whole Sacred College gathered about
the Pope, singing Palestrina's "Corona
Aurea Super Caput EJus," while the choir
burst forth Into song. Cardinal Macchl
then recited the Paternoster, and
offered the following prayer: :
Omnipotent and ever eternal God. dignitary
of the clergy and author of sovereignty, grant
thy servant. Plus X; grace to fruitfully govern
thy church so that he. who by thy clemency,
beccrnes and is crowned as father of kings
and rector of all the faithful, through thy wise
dispensation may govern well.
"Amen," rang out from all -corners of
the Cathedral, from the choir, the peo
ple, the clergy and the patricians.
Cardinal Deacon Segna then raised the
Pontiff's mitre and senior Cardinal Dea
con Macchl placed on the white head the
triple crown.
. At this moment the church was filled
with the ringing of bells, the blowing of
silver trumpets, the triumphant strains
of the choir and the acclamations of the
multitude, which could not be repressed.
When comparative silence had been re
stored Cardinal Macohi addressed the
Pope In Latin as follows:
Receive the tiara ornament, with three
crowns. Remember thou art father of princes
and kings ' the rector of the world, the vicar
on earth of our Savior, , Jesus Christ.
"Amen" again burst forth from the con
course. . .
Pope Pius X was. almost overcome and
had scarcely strength left to impart the
apostolic benediction. Cardinals Macchl
and Segna granted plenary indulgence to
all present and the procession then re
formed and left the basilica in the same
form as it came. :\- . ; : . \,
The Pope was -visibly fatigued and his
right hand shook as he raised ¦ It time
after tiiru* to bestow his blessin?.
When the ceremony was overall exits
to the basilica were opened and * within
less than an hour the hall was empty.
POPE EXHAUSTED
BY THE ORDEAL OF
HIS CORONATION
Strong as PJus X is physically he sup
ported the ordeal of his coronation to-day
perhaps with less fortitude than did Leo
XIII when he was crowned, although
-Leo was -merely -a shadow -of a man.
But he possessed will which nothing
could break. This evening when the Pon
tiff received the Duke of Parma he said
to him:
Not counting the election, to-day was the
most tremendous .experience of mjt life. I
must find a way to stop the noise In the
church. It is an offense agralnst, religion.
Although there was a tremendous crowd
With Ringing of Bells, Blowing of Trumpets and the
Exclamations of a Multitude the Formal Ac*
cession of -Pope Leo's Successor Is Proclaimed
BREAK JAIL
BUT ARE SOON
RECAPTURED
VENDETTA FINDS
LAST SURVIVOR
New Orleans Italian
May Ba Victim of
Mafia.
Is Shot in Back by Man
Who Had Won His
Friendship.
Special DI«ratch to The Call.
XEW ORLEANS. La.. Aug. 9.— A« the
result of an old and bloody vendetta In
which there seems to be some traces of
Mafia. Antonio Luciano, the last sur
vivor here of the Luclanos. wa 3 foully
assassinated to-day by Antonla. Sp^ro.
Sparo. who had been* chosen to asaaasU
nate Luciano, had been ingratiating him
self with his victim for a week past. 8->
carefully had he succeeded that Luciano
to-day took Sparo to a photograph gal
lery to show him the picture of his dead
wife, which he highly valued. Sparo took
the opportunity, while his friend wan
getting the photograph, to shoot him in
the back. Ho had evidently made all ar
rangements for escape, for he had left
the window open and ho fled through, an
empty house. Tho police knew him well
and ho was captured later.
Luciano had been the center of a suc
cession of tragedies ever since he opened
a grocery store on Poydras street. II*
was attacked by an armed body of Mafias
and his brother Luigi Luciano and friend
Ventura were assassinated at the time.
two ef the assassins being wounded. All
the persons engaged in the affair were
arrested.
While In prison Antonio Luciano was
allowed to go to the funeral of his brother
and while thero he murdered an Italian
who was bending over the corpse kissing
it. He explained to the police that the
mousner was the man who had assassi
nated his brother. When tried he was ac
quitted and gave a dinner to the Jury
and all the prisoners In Parish Prison.
BASEBALL PABK ACCIDENT
COSTS FIVE MORE. HIVES
At Least Three Hundred Persons In
jured in Tall of Philadelphia
Bleachers.
.PHILADELPHIA. Aug. 9.-Five ad<ti
tlonal deaths occurred to-day as the re
sult of the accident yesterday at tt.<» base
ball park. Two hundred victim? were
treated at the various hospitals, and It Is
believed that fully 100 more received at
tention at various drug: stores in the
vicinity of the baseball grounds. Of tho
Injured five are said to be la a critical
condition.
The list of dead follows: Alfred
Rodxers. 60 years of age; William Graves.
26; Matthew P. Reed. 50; George Cunnins
ham, 50; Joseph Edgor, 45; Nicholas
Moses, 55; Edward Williamson. 30; Louis
SIcGrath, 20; unknown man.
NEW YORK. Aug. 9. — Former Police Cap
tain Anthony J. Allaire died to-day. He wan
retired a year a?o> after nearly forty-three
years' service on the M«;w York pollce> force.
SEVENTY THOUSAND PERSONS
WITNESS CROWNING OF PIUS X
ASSASSIN FIRES TWO SHOTS
AT THE PREMIER OF FRANCE
Attempt^Upon the Life of M. Combes Is Made While He
is Seated m His Carriage, Guilty Man Being Captured
After a Struggle, During Which an Accomplice Escapes
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 10, ls?OS.
Continued From Pag* 1, Column 7.
2
Instructions for Framing 1
"THE OLD ARMY CHEST,"
NEXT SUNDAY'S
"' . « , ABT SUPPLEMENT:
<, Frame in three-inch. : plain-
scooped gilt or three-inch Fl em-
ish brown and burnished gold.
STATEMENT
CONDITION AND AFPATRS
Qy THE
ASSURANCE COMPANY, .
» . . •
OF BERLIN GERMANY. ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. 1902, and for the
year ending on that day as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia pursuant to the provisions of Sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
la cash $250,000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.. * 4 28.834 34
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 14S.TOU 00
Cash- Market Value of all Stocks ._-.,_-_
and Bonds owned by Company. 3Sf^l7 23
Cash in Company's Office 23.064 OS
Cash In Banks - 259.552 84
Interest .due and accrued on all . Kaa M
Stocks! and Loana 1.589 02
Due from other Companies. Agents. •':... „.,
c t c ., (124, R41 06
Total Assets .$1.770.108 59
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid ..-
Loeses In process of Adjustments ._,,__ _,
or In Suspense {¦ 5343. ITS 13
Losses resUted, including expenses J
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running one year or less. $....: '
i reinsurance 50 per cent 1T0.322 00
Gross premiums on Marine and :
Inland Navigation Risks. $...; „„_.„_
reinsurance 100 per cent 200.543 28
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks, $.••: reinsurance 00 ,
Liability under other departments. 314,510 02
Cash dividends remaining unpaid. 262 50
All other liabilities ••• 3. 004 77
Total Liabilities ..$1.033.016 79
INCOME. ~
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums \'"1"V ' 437 . 783 «
Net cash -actually received for
Sfarine premiums 388,523 16
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages W.v 5.830 00
Received for interest and divi-
dends on Bonds, Stocks. Loans »
and from all other sources 23.928 54
Received for Rents 13.642 35
Received from all other sources. 467.058 69
Total 'income 15
EXPENDITURES.
Vet amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including $ losses of pre-
vious yeare) $231,812 91
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(including $...., losses of pre-
vious years) •'.••••:; 249,137 29
Dividends to Stockholders 60,000 CO
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 335,678 47
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.
losses of other branches 161,597 81
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes '2.900 73
All other payments and expen-
ditures 47.807 96
Total Expenditures $1.183.983 19
Risks and Premiums.! Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the -•*
year •- $222,226,500 $420.007 10
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year" 223.918.S03 427.783 41
Net amount in force
December 31. 1902.. 83.256.500 170,322 50
Mar. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount ot Risks
written during the
year . . ... •••••••• t188.102.2U $2,307,668 17
Net amount of Risks ./ .
expired during the
yw .....:.. 3S.404.424 386.52816
J£et amount in force
December 31. 1902. . 10.462.387 125.343 28
TA^, SZELINSKI. Prest.
MARC. .MAUEL. Secy.
Subscribed and .sworn to before me this
30th :d*y of April. 1003. " -•
' . . JAMES H. NOUNAN.
U. S. Consul General.
GU+TElTFRANKy
General Agents,
303 CALIFORNIA STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL. '
STATEMENT
/ — OS* THB
CONDITION AND AFFAIK3
Itffim's
INSURANCE COMPANY,
OP PHILADELPHIA. IS THE STATE OV
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of D«c«m-
ber. A D. 1902. and for the year ending on
that day. as made to tha Insurance Commis-
sioner of tha State of California pursuant to
the provisions of sections 610 and 611 of tha
Political Code, condensed aa per blank turnlsa-
ed by the Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid
up m Caah $3CO.0CO0O
ASSETS. =
Real Estate owned by Company. . $205,100 00
Loana on Bonds and Mortgages. . . 3S7 922 03
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. SW.633 CO
Amount of Loans secured by pledgs
of Bonds. Stocks and other mar-
kstable securities as collateral. 137.000 00
Cash In Company's Office 4 9J4 21
Cash In Banks £%£ l\
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans can -a
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages T «•« ,~
Premiums in due Course ot Col-
lection ., .,, n
Bills receivable. not mature* ' "
taken for Fire and Marina
Klsks •«• i«
Rents due and accrued tii \i
Deposit with Philadelphia Tin
Underwriters* Association loo ni
Perpetual deposits In course of
collection^ , 3.SS2 Id
Total Assets Jl.743.003 «i
LIABILITIES.
Loeses adjusted and unpaid «aiT4 H
Losses In process of Adjustment
or In Suspense 17,463 w
Losses resisted. Including expenses »l223 S3
Oross premiums on Fire Risks
running one year or less. $309.-
702 45; reinsurance 50 p«r cent.. 154 331 23
Gro.«s premiums on Fire Risks
running- more than one year. ¦
$330,167 CS; reinsurance pro
rat* 1SL673 U
Amount reclatroable by the in-
sured on perpetual fire Insurance
Policies 366.353 CO
Due and accrued for salaries.
rents, etc. 8.450 13
Commissions and Brokerage . due
and to become due 17. 727 4 »
All other liabilities 12.133 37
ToUI Liabilities .$1.273 0&1 43
INCOME. '
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $332,168 S3
Received for Interest on Bonds
and Mortgages : 21.340 13
Received for Interest and dlvi-
- dends on Bonds. Stocks. Loans,'
and from all other sources...... 40t.Ki9 31
Received for Rents 9,397 73
Received from air other sources.. 77.682 33
ToUI Income $701,457 23
EXPENDITURES. . :
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including $31,080 08. losses of
previous years) ••••••• $239,023 49
Dividends to Stockholders 20. 000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 120.061 00
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. . 29.J2S.13
Paid for State. National and Lo-
cal taxes 14,838 W
All other payments and expendi-
tures 88.563 54
ToUI Expenditure $403,019 OS
Flret
Losses Incurred during the year $235,389 39
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums?
Net amount cf Risks
written during the
year J43.593.06O $308,628 85
Net amount ' of Risks
expired during the
year 40.143.250 443.103 17
Net amount In force
December 31. 1902. 58.579.940 639.369 S3
ROBT. B. BEATH. President
DENNIS J. SWEENY. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 13th
day of March. 100S.
MART. L. CAMPBELL. NoUry Publto.
GUTTE^FRANK,
General Agents*
303 CALIFORNIA STREET,"
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
2 • * < '^ '
\ Larse discount on everything
115 Geary^ Street.place for the convicts to try to make their
escape. Once through the lines and they
will have a good opportunity to find a hid
ing, place in the mountains. If they at
tempt to swerve to the north thev will
find their progress practically impossible,
as the country is seamed with canyons
and covered with granite hills, the sides
of which are almost perpendicular.
Sheriff Bosquit said this afternoon: "I
believe a battle with the convicts is close
at hand. It may come either to-night or
to-morrow. It is the best trail we have
had since the men'left Pilot Hill. . I have
some splendid —men in the El Dorado
County posse and they can be depended
upon' to fight to the last. The trailers
have joined the others now and all are
working together. If my instructions are
obeyed, there will ' be no ambushing by
the convicts. My men will corner the out
laws or drive them Into the trap set by
the Amador County posse at Leak Springs
and Corral Flats. I do not see any pos
sibility of escape for the fugitives. They
have come about to the end of their rope.
It is much easier trailing a body of men
in the (mountains than down nearer salt
water. The hounds are a great protec
tion to our men and an annoyance to the
convicts. It is my hope that our men
will come out of it unharmed."
Repairs are going on and trains will
move regularly to-morrow morning. T,he
storm last night was almost a cloudburst
in the vicinity, flooding ranches for some
distance. Rain was quite heavy in
Phoenix, but two miles east of here no
rain fell. Indications are for more rain
to-night.
PHOENIX. Ariz., Aug. 9.-Last night's
rain was. disastrous to the Santa Fe.
Phoenix and Prescott Railroad in the
vicinity of Peorla, fifteen miles northwest
of here. In the space of two miles were
sixteen washouts, varying in length from
a few feet to several rods. Half a mile
the other side of Peoria the locomotive of
the passenger train due here at 1 o'clock
this morning was derailed. The train was
running slowly, looking for trouble. The
engine went over on the left side, the
fireman saving himself by jumping. En
gineer Charles Chambers' arm was
caught, preventing him from jumping, but
he crawled out afterward, unhurt. No one
was injured. Passengers walked over the
washouts this morning and were brought
to Phoenix on a train that left here and
had to return.
Within Two Miles the Track
Is Washed Away in
Sixteen Places.
Floods in Arizona In
terfere With Rail
road Traffic.
STORM CAUSES
BIG WASHOUTS
ESCAPES FROM FOLSOM WHO
HAVE THUS FAR ELUDED
PURSUERS.
Be it ever so humble, there lg no place
like home, and it is within easy reach of
all to furnish the home cheerfully with
pretty and artistically framed • pictures.
Premium pictures, which are being so
plentifully distributed gratis Just now
can be, framed most attractively at 'little
expense. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market
street. . : •
Home, Sweet Home.
WOODLAND, Aug. 9.— H. M. Kaeding,
the San Francisco mining engineer who
came here for the purpose of identifying
the unknown man who was killed near
Davisville, Friday afternoon, scrutinized
the body again closely this morning, after
which he declared he had never seen the
man before. A young lady, who lives near
Davisville and who is employed In the
Foster Cannery, near Tremont, to-day
telephoned to The Call reporter that the
man had worked for two days in the Fos
ter Cannerv. and that she ate dinner at
the same table with him. She asked. his
name and he told her it was Jackson and
that he had recently arrived from Mon
tana.
The body could not be held any-longer
and was buried to-day by the Coroner.
BODY IS NOT IDENTIFIED.
Deputy Sheriff Hinters, who exchanged
shots with a suspect Friday night, keeps
his lonely vigil at the American River
bridge. The posses have been withdrawn
from the Yolo jungles. To-night the sit
uation in Sacramento was less promising
for the capture of the convicts than at
any time within , a week. It is believed
Fahey and Miller will not make a second
attempt to enter Sacramento, while the
activity of the Sheriff and Chief of Police
will probably discourage any other of the
fugitives from seeking shelter here.
Sheriff David Reese, his son Edward
Reese, and Deputy Sheriffs Hinters and
Wittenbrock are scouring the hilla around
Fair Oaks to-night in the hope of locat
ing convicts Fahey and Miller. The mem
bers of Kale's baseball team who passed
through Fair Oaks this morning, reported
that they met two men on the road.
Words were exchanged and the men said
they were on their way to Loomis. One
of the ball players had with htm a set
of photographs of the convicts and they
declared the two men were surely Mil
ler and Fahey. %
vest from the present excitement. All a
tramp has to do to insure distinguished
consldcration,from a farmer who a month
ago would have turned a dog on him is
to proclaim himself one of the escaped
convicts. After the farmer gives the
hobo all he asks and sees him headed
down the road, he posts off to the nearest
telephone and sends in news to the .Sheriff
of the visitation. The telephones of the
Sheriff's olflce are kept humming day and
night with such messages, and it requires
judgment to determine what reports
should be heeded and what disregarded.
SACRAMENTO. Aug. 9.— This proved
an uneventful day with the posses from
this city engaged in the hunt for the
escaped convicts. The man hunt has
developed a splendid crop of able-bodied
romancers, and if the Sheriff's officers
and police were to follow every clew
suggested to them they would be here,
there and everywhere at once. Only to
night the story was brought into the
Sheriff's office that a couple of the con
victs had appeared in a K street drug
store with false beards covering their
faces and demanded a supply of opium.
The yarn was given no heed by the offi
cers, despite the circumstantial manner
in which it was told.
The hobo element is reaping a r,'ch har-
Officers Are Convinced That Miller
and Fahey Are Not in the County.
ABANDON SEARCH IN YOLO.
He also asserted that he did not expect
to hear from Norman again until there
had been a battle. Meager reports which
reach here from the mountains indicate
that the outlaws have been discovered
and that the terrorized people of the
country will soon be relieved from the
strain of apprehension.
Forest Fire Threatens Downieville.
NEVADA, Aug. 9.— A forest fire that
started within half a mile of Downleville
Thursday evening has been raging fiercely
since that time. The flames to-day were
encroaching upon the suburbs of the town
from the south and threatened great dam
age. The residents of Downleville are
out fighting the fire. The fire has de
stroyed much young timber and property
that was in the woods. The mines In the
vicinity have watchmen and lire fighters
mt work protecting their property.
LOS ANGELES, Aug» 9.— Rev. Thomas
Conaty, Bishop of the diocese of Monterey
and Ix>s Angeles," started from Los An
geles this afternoon for a visit of inspec
tion to the Indian mission at Pala, where
the Warner Ranch Indians were recently
located, and to the Indian school of St.
Boniface, near Benning. This Inspection
is made with the purpose of forming plans
for the enlargement of the-work through
the income from the pious fund, a portion
of -which will soon be available for use
in this diocese. ;..;¦;
Will Inspect the Indian Mission.'
Under Sheriff Kay of Amador County
sent two mounted messengers to his supe
rior with the news. Another horseman
was dispatched later on the same errand,
so Norman might be sure to get the im
portant information. The Sheriff was pos
itive,that his men had been within a mile
of the desperadoes, and was reluctant to
leave for the new/station at Leak 8prtngs.
He finally divided his force, and with ten
men, left to co-operate with • Bosquit's
posse. " Under ; Sheriff Kay said this even
ing that he felt sure the Amador County
mountaineers would meet " the convicts.
PLYMOUTH, Aug. 9.— Having become
convinced that the fugitive convicts have
taken another course, Sheriff Norman haa
"moved from his station near Wileys to
the neighborhood of Corral Flats. His in
tention Is to ambush the outlaws as they
flee from Bosquit's posse. The El Dorado
County Sheriff sent word yesterday to
Jackson that the convicts have turned
north from the Middle Fork of the Co
sumnos River.
Sheriff Norman Will Try to Ambush
the Fugitives at That Point.
MOVES TO CORRAL FLATS.
SAN DIEGO. Aug. 9.— The Seventh Reg
iment, now at Camp Last, Coronado, at
tended services in a body to-day at the
Tent City pavilion. Captain Charles D.
Williamson, the regimental chaplain, who
is pastor of the Presbyterian church at
Pomona, officiated. There was a large at
tendance, many people besides the mem
bers of the regiment being present. The
regimental band furnished the music.
Chaplain Williamson's sermon was on
"Character." Major Frank Prescott of
Redlands, who will act as Instructor at
the camp, has arrived.
Regiment Attends Divine Services.
SWEAKEYB
SANTA R^SA, Aug. 9.— Elmer Toney
and Joe Snell, who had been out on a
hunting- trip on Brushy alountain, de
cided to smoke a beehive preparatory to
robbing it of its honey, and in so doing
caused a fire which destroyed many tons
of wheat hay and acres of stubble. In
addition several hundred yards of fencing
¦was burned. A spark from their brush
fire ignited the dry grass, and before its
spread could be prevented the wheat hay
had become ignited and burned. A stack
of grain belonging to Wiley English was
also burned.
Careless Hunters Start Big Fire.
BATTLE IS EXPECTED.
The officers here' believe the outlaws
will stand together for a battle and only
separate in , case of extremity. ' . The fugi
tives for the last two days have been tak
ing a course "toward Leak Springs, which
is situated • only ', a : few ; miles from Silver
Lake. -They are" avoiding the hills as
much as Dosslble^ aa such ; traveling is
slow : and fatiguing. There are only two
or ' three '-, courses which they.: can pursue
and : men ' will ; be : stationed at each of
these points tc Intercept the. criminals.
. Corral Flats Is deemed the most likely.
As the day advanced the weather be
came fearfully hot and the men of the
posse began to suffer. Some of the pur
suers could not maintain a rapid gait and
the others were compelled to relax. The
hills are very steep and the trail led
through thick underbrush,! where prog
ress was difficult. It is believed the con
victs are aware of the proximity of the
posse and are exerting themselves to the
utmost. "^v V
Bosquit's men are not supplied with
any ' considerable . quantity of provisions.
This is another- unpleasant feature of the
case. Great apprehension is felt here
that some' of the brave men (who are en-,
deavorlng to rid this section. of the mur
derous jail breakers may not return alive.
Every <fne realizes that the desperadoes
will make .a fleht.for their lives if cor
nered. Each outlaw has a revolver and a
rifle with which he will attempt to bring
death to as many of his pursuers as pos
sible. Every precaution is being taken
that the convicts may not have any ad
vantage when the expected battle begins.
When the trail becomes , very ' fresh the
bloodhounds will be unleashed and al
lowed to locate the outlaws. Both hounds
are trained not to get close to the quarry.
One circles at. fifty and the other at a
hundred yards. Once the convicts are lo
cated, the : leaders of the _ posses can map
out a plan of slaughter, for there is no
thought of attempting to take any pris
oners.
vlcts yesterday morning. There the trail
ers and seven men from Bosquit's posse
met' and decided to hang together for a
time. All felt that the outlaws could not
be far distant. J. A. Spencer and Frank
Dyget from this city were on the scent
with bloodhounds.
At daylight this morning Richardson
awoke the posse and after a hasty break
fast the man hunters set out on the trail.
The party soon reached the Ben Meiss
place, where Joseph 'Bowman and Nash
Beru were held up yesterday noon. After
learning that the quarry was only a short
distance ahead the chase was renewed.
Dogs were with the party, but were not
used, as the trail left by the escapes was
as plajn as the road. The pursuers has
tened along with the trailers ahead, in or
der to avoid an ambush liku that at the
Grand Victory mine. At Meiss' ranch the
posse was just seventeen hours behind
the outlaws and traveling much faster
than them. Couriers were sent back at
intervals to inform the officials here of
the progress made.
HOUNDS ACCOMPANY POSSE.
HONOLULU, Aug. a.— Bishop Willis of
the Episcopal church of Tonga, formerly
Bishop of Honolulu, has written a letter
to friends here telling of his difficulties
with King George of Tonga, who refuses
to grant a site for a Victoria memorial
church. Bishop Willis has threatened the
King with annexation to Great Britain.
Refuses to Grant a Site for Erection
of Victoria Memorial
Church.
KING GEORGE OF TONGA
OFFENDS BISHOP WILLIS
Fire Destrovs a Small Town
SPOKANE. Wash.. Aug. 9.— A special to
1 the Spokesman-Review from Brewster,
Wash., says: Fire yesterday destroyed
the principal business portion of this
uwn. Only two business houses are left
Ftanding. The loss is about $40,000. with
a total insurance of $6300. Brewster is lo
cated on the Columbia River near the
mouth of the Okanogan River.
CHICO, Aug. 9.— A. D. Bonham, who
was the blacksmith for some months on
the Bidv.-ell ranch, found a quartz crop
ping a few weeks ago in Butte County,
about thirty miles from Chico, which has
yielded almost fabulous returns. Bonham
lirst sent to the smelter 3300 pounds of
ore, which yielded J2S00, and yesterday
brought down 2300 pounds more.
He discovered the ledge while out deer
hunting, and since then has been getting
out the ore In a crude way. He has fol
lowed the ledge Into the side of the
mountain a distance of ninety feet, and it
has gradually widened from two inches
at the surface to twelve inches. It is lo
cated in such a rough locality that it is
Impossible to get a pack mule in. conse
quently all the ore taken out to date has
been carried on the backs of men for a
distance of half a mile.
Uncovers Ledge While Out Deer
Hunting and Gets Almost Fab
ulous Returns.
BLACKSMITH DISCOVEBS
RICH QUARTZ CROPPING
rOftTLAXD. Or, Aug. 9.— James S.
Tyler has resigned his position as man
ning editor of the Oregon Journal, his
successor being John F. Carroll, for
merly of the Denver Post. Tyler will re
turn to San Francisco, where for years
ho held responsible positions on the daily
papers. A banquet was given In his honor
last evening, those present being the
irK-mbers of the Journal staff and many
prominent citizens of Portland. He was
presented with a handsome testimonial by
the employes of the Journal. Tyler will
depart for San Francisco to-morrow.
Portland Men Banquet Tyler.
Berue is well known throughout eastern
El Dorado County, and the officials say
implicit reliance may be placed on his
word. Bowman and he are herding sheep
together for Ben Meiss, who Is located on
the old Plummer ranch.
ORIZZLY FLAT, Aug. 9.-Five con
victs spent the hours from 12 to
• 2 o'clock yesterday afternoon at J
the old Plummer sheep ranch,
fourteen miles east of this settle
ment. Xash Berue and Joseph Bowman
were held up by the outlaws and robbed
of all of their personal belongings, even
to the garments In which they were
clothed. The hunted felons ate a hearty
meal, rested themselves and after Inquir
ing the road to the summit took a course
In the direction of Jackson. Each convict
had a rifle, revolver and a largev supply
of ammunition/ Berue's shoes were stolen
from his feet, and he came into Grizzly
Flat this morning barefooted. -His ac
count of the visit of the outlaws follows:
"Bowman and I were home at the sheep
ranch yesterday," said he, "when we saw
five men with rifles coming toward us.
We did not know who they were, al
though we had suspicions. The men ftirae
up to us, and one with tattoo marks all
over his arm said, 'We want something to
eat.' I said, 'All right,' and they asked
me to cook for them. One of them helped
me. While we were getting the food
ready one of the men said, 'We have just
escaped from prison and we are trying to
get away. You must treat us as well as
you can.'
"They did not talk a great deal, nor
were they ugly. When they had finished
eating they looked around over the house
and commenced taking things, ffhey got
about all of our clothes and then went at
our grubstake. They loaded themselves
with eatables. When they left they had
all of our bacon, coffee, tea, sugar, bread,
rice and beans. One fellow with a big
scar on the head had worn his shoes out
and made me give him the only pair I
possessed. I did not feel like questioning
them very much, so I did not learn a
great deal about their past movements.
They asked me if I was going to tell
about their visit, and just then one of
them suggested that they take my horse.
They then took off the saddle and started
the animal down the woods road on .the
run. The man with the tattooed arm
asked the way to the summit. I told him,
and when they left it was in the direction
of Jackson, which is south, while the
mountains are to the east. One of the
fugitives said they wished they could pay
me, but they did not have a cent of
money. They kept calling one of the gang
'Little Dutchman.,' and he talked with a
German accent. They were hungry, all
right, but appeared to be in fine physical
condition and well able to stand plenty
of tramping. I had to come here without
my shoes, or not come; so here I am."
It is news that the convicts are out. of
money, for they have been distributing $5
gold pieces through the country ever since
they escaped from Folsom. Theron is the
man with the tattooed arm. Murphy has
several scars on his head. Miller is known
as "Little Dutchman."
Sheriff Bosquit felt positive until Berue
reported here that only two of the out
laws had rifles. It was bad news to learn
the contrary. The supplies the convicts
took with them are sufficient to last them
for a week. Previously they have had to
call at houses every day or two to get
food.
Miss MerkcTs father is largely Inter
ested in the vast lumber business of the
north and she herself Is a wealthy wo
man. However, like Barlow's victory
medal, her wealth remained in the back
ground until the engagement had been
decided. She is a woman of rare beauty,
college bred and traveled.
Mrs. Merkel will accompany the newly
wedded couple t£> Buffalo, where Barlow
will join Millie James' poductlon of "The
Little Pinccss."
After the marriage Mrs. Barlow noticed
a peculiar ornament of heavy silver that
her husband wore on his watch fob. And
then he casually explained. :n an off
hand manner, that it was a "Victoria
medal" pinned on his breast by the Queen
hrrself. To this medal are pendant three
Filver bars hearing the words. "Johannes
burg." "Orange Free State" and "Cape
Colony." For signal heroism at each of
these places mentioned Barlow stood be
fore all London, while with a few simple
words of praise the Queen pinned the
coveted decoration on his coat.
Barlow is a son of the famous old-time
minstrel man. Milt G. Barlow, rind is 25
years of age. He has been an actor all
J:is life, but the military fever overcame
him while playing in Quebec and he en
l'.stcd In the Canadian Volunteers and
served all through the African war. He
is the hero of thirty-seven engagements,
hut none so remarkable as his latest.
Cupid's arrows had more effect upon him
than dum dum bullets.
!i::gwater was hustled out of bed early
in the morning to stand up with the cou
ple.
low and Miss Merkel fell madly In love
with each other and in San Francisco
Miss Merkel, with the consent of her
mother, arranged for a secret wedding
here. They came Immediately and Gil-
Epecial Dispatch to The Call
I/3S ANGELES. Aug. 9.— Audiences
that watched Actor Reginald Barlow,
Playing xrtth the GHlingwater Company
at the Orpheum last week, little sus
pected that In the breast of the good
looking fellow was fomenting a romance
that would make stage p!ays sound pro
saic Yet It was so. On his way to this
city Barlow casually met on the train
Miss Bertha Merkel, the daughter of a
Mllwaiikee capitalist. Xow she ia Mrs.
Reginald Barlow. The couple were mar
ried Thursday morning at 8 o'clock at
St. Joseph's Church, the Rev. Father
Victor officiating.
Barlow came west as a favor to Gilllng
water. and on the train from Chicago
was by chance thrown in contact with
the Milwaukee heiress and her mother,
who were going to San Francisco. Bar-
First race, two mile?, for gasoline machines.
1200 pounds and under, for a silver trophy
given by the Pioneer Automobile Company:
second race, two miles, for machines 1200
pounds and ."under for silver trophy presented
by George E. MIddleton; third race, five miles,
open for machines 1500 pounds and under, for
silver trophy given by the White Automobile
Company; fourth race, five miles, open for
machines 20-horso power and under, for silver
trophy riven by the National Automobile Com
pany; fifth race, open for all machines, irre
spective of power or weight, for a cup offered
by President F. A. Hyde; sixth race, five miles,
for gasoline cars only. 20-horse power and
under, for silver trophy given by F. A. Ja
cobs; "seventh race, flve-mlle exhibition against
time: eighth race.' flve-mile handicap, open to
all machines that have taken part in any of
the previous races, for the Del Monte trophy,
which must be won twice before becoming the
personal property of the winner; ninth race,
flve-mile handicap, owners to drive, open to
nil machines for a silver trophy given by I*
P. Low*.
All the talk this evening is about the
races to-morrow, the entries for which
close to-night. Fears are expressed that
the track is too soft and sandy to permit
of good time being made. The events are
as follows:
DEL MOXTE. Auk. 9.— The morning
opened dull and foggy for the automo
bilista to-day and little was done until
afternoon. Some of the visitors went Into
Monterey or took short runs In their au
tomobiles. After luncheon the motor cars
gathered in front of the hotel. At 3 o'clock
President F. A. Hyde, -with E. Couftney
Ford and some friends, started for the
Seventeen-Mile Drive. The sun being by
this time bright and warm, some two
dozen other auto?, loaded to their capac
ity, started for the marine drive by way
of Pacific Grove. Some of the machines
met with slight delays, but only one with
any serious mishau.
A car, owned by S. N. Griffith of Fresno
and carrying, in addition to its owner and
his wife, their son, Lloyd Griffith, and
daughter. Miss Hazel Griffith, and a
chauffeur named J. Munford, on the re
turn trio, when at the top of the long
and steep Carmel hill, broke from the con-,
trol of its boy driver, LJoyd Griffith. The
heavily laden car gained momentum as it
descended th« rough road until it struck
a deep hole. The shock' broke the spring
on the right side of the car, which went
bumping from side to side of the road at
fearful speed. Fortunately no other
motor car nor team was in the way, so
the car ran to the foo^ of the hill and
came to rest after traveling a Ions dis
tance alons the level. The ladles had
been screaming during the wild ride and
at the end of it Mrs. Griffith was in hys
terics. That the mishap did not have a
more tragic ending may be accounted a
most fortunate circumstance.
F. Xelson and wife arrived at Del Monte
to-day, having made a rapid trip through
from Oakland in one day. In the after
noon the car went over the Seventeen
Mile Drive.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Comes to a Stop of Its Own
Accord— Occupants ¦:
Are Unhurt.
Proves Case of Love at First
Sight and Wedding
Soon Follows.
Car Dashes Down Steep
Incline at Frightful
Speed.
Meets Bride on a Train
While Coming Here
Prom Chicago.
RUNAWAY AUTO
ON CARMEL HILL
ACTOR MARRIES
YOUNG HEIRESS
¦ ¦ ¦ i .- . . • ¦ ¦ .-...¦¦¦ .--¦ ¦ . - ¦ <- - , .
THE SAN FBAJs CISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 10, 1903.
Sheriff Bosquit's men were surely
on the right track of Theron and his com
panions. The trailers, Cobln, Wyatt and
Gignac, were sent out- yesterday from the
neighborhood of Capps Crossing. At
Dogtown they ran across two of the men
belonging to the posse of Sheriff Norman
of Araador County and, hearing that the
outlaws might be in- Pipi Valley; headed
in that direction. At 7 o'clock last night
they got back to the cabin occupied* by
Jim Richardson, who fed the pursued con-
jp^IACERVH^LE, Aug. 9.-Reports
i Jland corroboratlons were sent in
|r~^ continuously from Grizzly Flat
** : this morning to the effect that
Compel Him to Cook Them a Meal, After Which They Help Them
selves to Provisions Sufficient to Last Them a Week and
Again Take to the Brush— Officers Abandon the Search in Yolo
FIVE OF THE ESCAPES FROM FOLSOM
ROB A RANCHER NEAR GRIZZLY FLAT
3
Instructions for" Framing
"THE OLD ARMY CHEST,"
NEXT SUNDAY'S
ART SUPPLEMENT:
, Frame in three-inch plain-
scooped gilt or three-inch Flem-
ish brown and: burnished gold.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
IT IS A PARASITE
That Causes Itching Scalp, Dandruff,
and, Finall7, Falling Hair.
The itfrhlr.g: scalp, the falling hair and
the dandruff that annoys are the work of
a parasite hidden Jn the scalp. That para-
Fite must be killed to cure dandruff, and
the only preparation that will do that Is
Nrwbro's Herpicide. "Destroy the cause,
yr.u remove the effect."
<". H. Reed of Victor, Iflaho, ears: "ily.
pelf and wife had dandruff and falling
hair peveral years. Two bottles of New
bro'8 Herpicide completely cured us after
Fevcral other preparations had failed to
do good." Makes hair grow glossy and
8oft as silk. Hundreds of other testimo-
nials Just as strong. Sold by leading
druggists. Send 10c In stamps for sam-
r-le to The Herpicide Co., Detroit. Mich.
CASTOR I A
For Infants and Children.
Tbs Kind Yon Have Always Bought
Signature of C&k&ff/lu&S/tf
/iinrr CVCC HEOCYtUSS -\ £X meSaf
CUR 1 1> £YL<> jcalu c»ucs \vT» *££&
ifrURINE EYE REMEDY CO,, CHICAfi^
Schilling's Best tea, five
kinds, as good, as they ought
to be for the money; coffee,
four kinds, the same; the bak-
ing-powder, flavoring extracts,
and spices, best.
And the prices of all are fair;
just fair.
At yoor jroew's; mMvjrbadb
i Dyspepsia
P and other stomach troubles
quickly relieved and in most cases
surely cured by the use of
This scientific germicide is abto~
Ixttely harmless z it subdues the
inflammation of the mucous mem-
brane of the stomach, and by re-
moving the cause, effects a cure.
' Used and recommended by leading phy-
sicians. Take no substitute and see that
¦ esxh bottle bears my si* nature. Trial size,
•l.OO, at druggists or by mail, from
61.0 Prince St. « Haw York
Send Jar Booklet.
K ilH *^^ I | *f^Pff0ff m ¦ an
smtm*.- * Vim, Vigor, Vitality for Men.
aSr^^L MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
JftUft^JgA have .been in use over fifty
Jwr-flL^rBS* vea r 8 *> v the leaders of the
jMMSsJAtn Mormon Church and their
KB6§gPn£sB| followers. Positively cure the
•gSjim^JSs worst cases In old and young
WK AsVi V nfigf arising from* effects of self-
wntKlti&esT abuse, dissipation, exceases or
MJKRM cigarette smcklng. Cur* Lost
l^Sj Manhood. Xmpotency, Lost
«xft£Sr Power. Night Losses. Insom-
nia. Pains In Back. Evil Desires, Lam* Back.
Nervous Debility, Headache, Unfltness to Mar*
ry. Loss of Semen, £CJ £-\ Varlcocels or Con*
stlpatlon. Stop Ner Z*0 \J vol >* Twitching of
Eyelids. Effects are c-fnt «=lramed!ate. Impart
vigor and potency ** ci * * *» to every function.
Don't get despondent, a cure Is at hand. Re-
store email, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; BOo a box; 8 for
$2 60 by mall. A written guarantee to cur* or
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars free.
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis st..
San Francisco. CaL GRANT DRUG CO.. , 3S
and 40 Third st.
6 visit DR. JORDAN'S great
\ MUSEUM OF ANATOHY
9 Q) lC51XABXXTS;.ti*..6ft*7tt,3.r.Cil.
\ y^F ' The Largest Anatomical Museum in the
A — rJr-.L World. Weaknesses or airy contracted
T S3r£s? di«»»e pMltl»«l 7 c«rea n y the oldest
O f»fll 5>P«c»liit oa the Coast EsLj« years.
A AffVA DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN
\ F$!sfdlf Consultation free and strictly priTite.
a? J iSvSLU Tr8 *<™ en * personally or by letter. A
¦ T (I y ijB Pnritive Cwtm erery case undertaken.
iHf {{& Write fcr Book. FniLOKUPOY «f
¥ • fl 11* MARRIAGE. MAILED FREE. (A
¦ X flu. »aluable book for nra)
f DB. JORDAN A CO.. 1051 Market St. 8. F.
g\ IBB BBfe Beds, chairs. Stoves, etc.
HI M nnXl Tents for rent and for sale.
¦ ffl lUa W0 Guns, nines. FtJhins Tackle
B Bfillll and Sporting Goods. Send
UfllWll r °r Catalogue. Shreve &
w ¦ ¦ ¦ - • Barber Co.. 739 Market it.
and 621 Kearny st.
BADWATB USAST S£LIX7 has stood
unrivaled before th» public for 60 years aa a
Pain Remedy. It instantly relieves and quickly
cures all Colds.' Sore Throats. Influenza. Bron-
chitis, Pneumonia, Rheumatism. Neuralgia,
Headache. Toothache and all pain. Internally
tor Malaria and all Bowll Pain*. All druggists.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
ADVERTISEMENTS.
mwJvouR
XT. M B EarJn Ear
\ S"^ THE FCEGm
MVyilEN BUYING
SHOES
Or you will lack comfort when wearing them."
GOOD JUDGMENT used when purchasing
footwear will lead you to
THIS STORE
Whore quality assures satisfaction.
There is foot comfort in every pair of ahoea
sold here.
Ask to see our "Golden Oak Brand" for men
and -examine the super-excellence of the
SOLE3. '
i^ A/^nt*: GEARY
Sweet sleep comes-to the baby
who is properly fed with a
proper food. Mellin's Food
babies sleep well.
A postal request will bring a sample of Mal-
ta's Food right to your home.
MELLIN'S FOOD CO.. BOSTON, MASS.
I ABC
SOffiMW
Pvn, Pale «nd Sparkling. Bottled
Only at the Brewery in St Lotds.
ioLO everywhere:
HILBERT MERCANTILE CO.,
Pacific Coast Agents.
. ¦
Pi 11 ¦ E3 fSB3 Pa |M aTiiJa
\A/. X. HESS.
ROTABT PUBLIC AKD ATTOESIT-AT-tAW.
Tenth Floor. Room 1013. Claus Sprockets bids.
Telephone Main 083.
Residence. 821 California >t.. below Powell.
Residence Telephone James 1501.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
y£\<r r5>v Steamers leay* Saa Fraa-
Xvp^-^QX Cisco as follows:
firj£_ x«A For Ketchikan. Juneau.
A*/ \«Wla V*l Skagway. etc., Alaska — 11 a.
I I \xLKa 1 I m - Au Sti»t 4, ». It. 19. 24.
1 \ Y^xV A 29. Sept. 3. Changs to coxn-
w\ \\. * /Sty pany*« steamers At Seattle.
V*vJI_^-£*y For Victoria. Vancouver.
>^»SJvl5^ Port Townsend, Seattle. Ta-
, coma. Everett. What com — 11
a. m., Autust 4. 9. 14. 10. 24. 29. Sept. 3.
Change at Seattle to this company's steamers
tor Alaska and O. N. Ry.: at Seattle for-Ta-
eom* to N. P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:30
p. m.. Ausust 2. 8. 14. 20. 26. Sept. 1: Corona.
1:30 p. m., Aurust S. 11. 17. 23. 29. Sept. 4.
For Los Anceles (via Port Los Ans-eles aa4
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara—
"Santa Rosa, Sundays. 0 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Anreles (via San Pedro and East
Ban Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Crux. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harfcrd
(San Luis Obtspo). Ventura and Hueneme.
. Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. August S. 13. 21. 23.
Sept. 8.
Ramona. 8 a. m.. August 1. 9. IT. 23. Sept. 2,
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Joss del
Cabo, Maiatlan. Altata. La Pas. Santa Ro-
salia, Guaymas (Mez.). 10 a. m.. 7th of eacls
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
Ri*ht Is reserved to chant a steamers or sall-
ies datei.
TXGX2T OmCIS- 4 New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street and
Broadway wharf.
Freight office. 10 Market street.
C. D. DUSANN. General Passenger Acent.
f 10 Market St.. Saa Frandscov
O. R. & N. CO.
"Columbia" sails Auc I. 11. 21. 31. "Oeorf*
W. Elder" silla July 27. An*, t *«, 2«. Only
steamship line to PORTLAND. OR., and shors
ral) 11ns from Portland to all points East.
Through tickets to all points, all rail or steam-
ship and rail, at LOWEST RATES. Steamer
tickets Include- berth and meals. Steamer satis
foot of Epear it. at 11 n. m. S. F. BOOTH,
Gen. Agt. Pass. Dept.. 1 Montgomery st.; C
CLIFFORD. Gen. Agt. Vrt. l.'^pt.. 3 Montgoa-
TOYO K1SEN KAISHA,
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.>
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hlogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting as
Hongkong wtth steamers for India, etc. No
cargo received on board on day of tailing.
8. S. AMERICA MARU
Wednesday. August 28, 1303
S S HONGKONG MARU (calling at' Ma-
nila) Saturday. September 19. 1903
S. S. NIPPON MARU
Thursday. October 13. 1903
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage, apply at Com-
pany's office, 421 Market street, corner First.
W. II. AVERT. General Agent.
Af»A«)T|fi*C C FA •""*"• * Alm - "*
oceapics.sAQ.
S S MARIPOSA, for Tahiti. Aug. 15. 11 a. m.
S'l S ALAMEDA. for Honolulu.Aug. 13. 11 «.n»
S S. SIERRA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Auck-
"land and Sydney. Thursday, Ang. 27. 2 p. m.
41. irttCIElS & B133.H.. lgtL.TttJtS1£C3,!43 Evtl!&
Frfjfttlffici.321 IarftstSL.nerh. 7. hsk Jl
C0MPAGKI3 GEJfEBALZ TRAXSATLASTIQOl
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE- PARIS. Jt^, »»
galling every Thursday, instead of •*4!viffi^J
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. «-dsSQ3
North River, foot of Morton street.
First-class to Havre. $70 and upward. Seo-
ond-cl&ss to Havre. $43 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATE3 AND
CANADA. 82 Broadway (Hudson Building).
New York. J. F. FUOAZI * CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 6 Montgomery avanue. Saa Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
Mar* Island and YaJjaJo Stgajaar*.
"steamer OEN. FRISBIE or MONTICKlXo^I
• :44 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave* Valleja.
T a. rn., 13:80 noon. 0 p. m.. ex. Sunday. Lua-
A»y. 1 a. m., 4:13 p. m. Fare. 60 cents. T»U
Main 1508. P.l«r 2. Mluloa-Bt. «9C*. HATCHQUIET WEDDING— Subscriber, Oak
land. Cal. . If a lady wishes to be married
"In; a traveling : gown at a, quiet church
wedding. 1 ' there : is no reason why the
groom should not be married In a travel-
A hunter was mistaken near Ukiah- the other day
for a deer with the customary result. The poor.fel
low will, be buried with the usual regrets. This
"mistaken identity" season has thrown completely in
the shadow the vogue of the deadly "unloaded gun."
If fatalities continue to happen perhaps it might. be
better for our hunters to use traps rather than guns.
JEFFRIES AND FITZSIMMONS—Sub
scriber, City. The height of Bob Fltzslm
mons Is five. feet eleven and three-quarter
inches; that of Jim Jeffries is lx feet and
one-half inch. '
NAVAL POWERS— A. S.. Oakland. Cal.
The .most Important European naval
powers at this time probably rank in the
following order: , Great Britain," France,
Russia, Germany, Italy.
The new woman appears to be running amuck in
her long sought environment of freedom. Hardly
a day passes without a record of a crime committed
by a woman in fields formerly held exclusive to the
evil operations of man. Forgeries, embezzlements,
defalcations and robberies perpetrated by women sig
nal the fact that man, even in his frailties, must face
a usurper in the gentler sex run riot.
COLORED BULBS— G. W., City. There
is no preparation that may be placed on
the outside of electric bulba that "will
permanently withstand the heat of the
light and hold its color."
NOT RECORDED— J. M. K., City.
"Biddy" BishoD and Mose La FontLae
have not gained sufficient reputation as
fighters to be listed in the pugilistic rec
ords.
SUBMARINE TELEGRAPHS—Inquir
er, City. The number of submarine tele
graphs of the world aggregate 1751.
The fourth estate has received in China what even
the most conservative observers will consider to be
a serious obstruction to its progress. One of the
Chinese editors of a reform newspaper in the Flowery
Kingdom .was lashed to shreds. for four hours the
other day and was. then strangled to death to end
his torture. Such emphatic treatment as this has a
tendency to moderate one's enthusiasm for reform.
CLIFTON— A. S., City. The population
of Clifton, Arizona, according to the A. B.
G. guide's list, is 2000.
Andrew Carnegie has given to the town of Dun
fermline $2,500,000 to be devoted to the introduction
of sweetness and light into the lives of the toilers of
that town, which knows its fame as the birthplace
of the steel king. If Andrew Carnegie will now tell
us- what he means by sweetness and light in the life
of anybody he will do more than ever Matthew
Arnold did after he invented the phrase.
The Supreme Court of California is now concen
trating its energies upon an effort to untie the des
perate knot into which our astute legislators have
tied the divorce laws. It is to be hoped that the
learned gentlemen will find their 'endeavor speedily
concluded and complete in results. It must be horri
bly uncomfortable for a fellow not to know whether
he is married to one wife or none or two.
ing suit. What he wears is a matter of
individual taste.
CARPENTERS— A. C. Any first-class
employment office in this city will furnish
the information desired about carpenters
in the cities named.
PROHIBITION— Subscriber. The elec
tion on the question of prohibition in the
State of Massachusetts In 1S89 was in the
month of April. It was on a proposed
amendment to the constitution. The vote
stood 85,242 for and 131,062 against the
proposed amendment.
Albert Gallatin. a capitalist of Sacra
mento, is at the Palace.
Rev. Joseph William Jones and wife are
guests at the California.
J. J*. McSorley. a mining man of Cala
verasj is at the California.
General G. H. Burton, inspector general
of the army, is at the Occidental.
Dr. G. M- Bell and wife of Benton Har
bor, Mich., are registered at the Grand.
P. C. Drescher, a mercnant of Sacra
mento, and wife are stopping at the Cali
fornia.
The smallest salary paid by the Gov
ernment of the United States to any pub
lic servant is received by Charles Henry
Glbbs, of Nantucket. R. I., keeper of tha
"Bug Light." This lighthouse has been
put out of commission because the shift-
Ing sands outside of Nantucket harbor
have made It useless, but the Government
allows Mr.'Gibbs. an ancient mariner, to
live In the place to protect the property,
and pays him » a year.
Special information supplied dally to
business nouses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 239 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main VH2. •
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candles, 50c a pound. In artistic fire
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 713 Market at., above Call bids. *
Look out for 81 Fourth (front of barber,
gTocer); best eyeglasses, specs. I5c to 50c •
Booming the Flour City.
The Minneapolis Times recently issued
a "Greater Minneapolis Edition" which
as a specimen of up-to-date newspaper
work is a credit to that Journal, as it Is
a wonder of excellence to its readers The
various advantages and attractions of the
"Flour City," both personal as well as
physical, are set out by master mind and
skilled hand. The large quantity of good
Informing matter put out in this issue
precludes any special notice of particular
features., but we can well say that the
paper Is full of interest from the first to
the last page.
Fountain Pen News.
To fit your hand it ia necessary to buy
where all grades of the beat makes are in
stock. The ""Waterman," "Swan" and
vMarshall" fountain pens fill eTeTy want
It is now announced, with all due formality of offi
cial report, that the Filipinos do not take kindly to the
coins which Uncle Sam has cast for them. Our money
is probably the least of things American to which
the Filipino has set down his foot in absolute, un
compromising opposition. Since he doesn't like our
money and as it is of no use to us the Government
might distribute it among others of our savage
fellow citizens for clothing purposes.
A NUMBER of gentlemen recently assembled at
Denver announced themselves to the press as
representatives of the two factions of the
Populist party and proceeded to hold a convention
and discuss the situation. The outcome of the disr
cussion was, as might have been expected, the
achievement of another merger; the contending fac
tions harmonized and amalgamated. They then in
due form adopted a declaration of principles, ap
pointed a committee to attend to future business and
adjourned.
Just what is meant by this revival of the ancient
and honorable order of Populists is not clear. The
committee is headed by William V. Allen, who was
once a United States Senator and who doubtless has
a little ax to grind. Perhaps the other members of
the convention have an equal interest, or at least
hope, in the expected resurrection of the defunct or
ganization. At any rate they speak bravely. In
their platform they announce that there is no chance
for "the enactment of our truth through either the
Democratic or the Republican parties," and go on
to say: "The time is now at hand when the united
People's party should • declare itself emphatically
opposed to any affiliation with either of those parties,
and unqualifiedly in favor of national political action."
The principles which make up "our truth" are thus
set forth: "Our fundamental principles are known to
all Populists and are nowhere better stated than in
that immortal document enunciated at. Omaha July
4, 1808. However, for the benefit of the uninformed
we declare our unyielding adherence to the demands
for (a) a money, whether stamped on gold, silver or
paper, to be coined and issued exclusively by the
Government and made a, full legal tender for all
debts, both public and private; (b) a system of
transportation and the transmission of intelligence
only by the public and operated by the Government
at the cost of service; (c) land for use rather than for
speculation and abolition of alien ownership of lands;
(d) American ships for American foreign commerce
without a cent of subsidy, And as an open door for
all economic reforms we urge the rule of \he people
through .the optional referendum and initiative and
the recall of derelict officials."
The reappearance of such a platform at this time
will come to most Americans like a voice from the
tombs, and there will be no little curiosity to see how
many of the old-time stalwarts of the party will rise
at the summons. When Owen Glendower boasted,
"I can call spirits from the vasty deep," Hotspur
Percy mockingly answered. "So can I. and so can
GHOSTLY SUMMONS
Revelations which have been made during the last
few days at the trial of Dillard, accused of forgery in
connection with internal revenue affairs, indicate that
the traffic in Chinese certificates of residence reached
mammoth proportions and netted the criminal oper
ators fortunes. It is always consoling in such ex
poses as these to know that Uncle Sam is implacable
in the prosecution of offenders against his laws and
that precious few of the guilty escape.
PERSONAL MEtNTION.
Fortunately for the United State*, a
check can be placed at any time on the
great quantity of valuable Illuminating oil
which Is exported from this country to
Europe, and* thin can be added to our
home consumption with the Increasing
popularity of oil. In 1901 S17.373.844 gallons
of kerosene, worth more than J32.0OO.00O,
went abroad In competition with Rus
sian oil. for while we produced only forty
two per cent of the world's total of crude
oil, we made sixty per cent of the kero
sene, and Russia produced less than half
as much, her principal product being oil
for fuel purposes.
At present the common practice is to
distill all the fine quality kerosene from,
crude oil and to subject the rest to long.
slow heating, by which the heavy oils aro
cracked up into low grade kerosene, until
three-fourths of the crude has cone into
burning oils, but if this were the practice
with all the oils produced in the United
States, many of the high class lubricating
oils would not be made at all and vase
line and other valuable by-products would
not exist.
Again, the trade adopted new and ap
proved methods only when found neces
sary for reflninsr the rank smellmi? sul
phur oils of Ohio and Indiana, and sim
ilar Improvements may be looked for in
order to Increase the proportion of by
products as these latter rapidly increase
in value.
CAN" CHECK EXPORTS.
could be placed clearly before the public
it would be more remarkable than its
treatment of competitors. The methods
of refining oil which have been used since
the discovery of petroleum, and are used
to-day, are rule-of-thumb methods, which
are a reproach to the scientific and inven
tive reputation of the United States.
It must be admitted that the Sandard
Oil refineries have obtained from petro
leum the largest percentage possible of oil
which can be burned In a lamp, and this
has been done at the sacrifice of quality
with the lowering of price. The doctrine
of "letting well enough alone" has been
carried to a dangerous extreme. But it
must be understood that of all the oil de
posits of the world none can equal the oil
of Pennsylvania for yielding fine illumin
ating oil. If such poor methods as char
acterize the American plan were employed
in Russia the resulting oil would not be
fit to burn in a lamp.
The trade has been dominated by men
far-sighted In business methods and poor
in technical ability. But a change in
these methods is being brought about by
the necessity for better work in reflnins
the oil from Texas. As predicted by the
writer a year ago, this oil would be re
fined profitably by means then to be dis
covered. The Introduction of methods
capable of refining Texas oil will enable
these methods to «xtend to the general
industry, and within a few years we may
expect more rational refining methods.
The great gain to be effected by such
methods Is the less wasteful use of our
natural supply and the production of tho
largest quantity of the very best products
which the crude oil will afford. Examples
of what can be done in this way can be
readily seen In the new methods of Im
proving natural asphalt and petroleum,
asphaltlc residues by heating with sul
phur or with air currents, and attention
should also be directed to the Innovations
In refining oils by distillation with air
currents at a low pressure.
MINERAL EXPERT WHO DIS
CUSSES THE OIL SUPPLY
QUESTION'.
A CERTAIN tendency in business is developing
throughout the country". It began to show it
self some months ago, and its existence was at
that time hinted at, but it is only quite recently
that it has become manifest and last week it became
pronounced. This drift in trade is like the turn of a
tide, slight at first and subsequently becoming
marked. It is a general downward tendency in prices.
It can be seen anywhere by those who are accus
tomed to peer closely into things around them. Tak
ing the country as a whole, or a community even,
retail prices are somewhat below those of a year or
two ago. Higher-priced goods are selling more
slowly, while the medium grades are meeting with
more demand. The labels on goods in the shop win
dows are telling their mute story to those who re
member how those same labels looked two or three
years ago. The economical man, the close buyer, is
the first to perceive the difference between now and
then. He cannot remember any particular date when
he first noticed the change, for it has crept into trade
so gradually that it has been unnoticed. But it has
got here just the same. It has now become evident
in the large wholesale trade, and we are briefly in
formed by one of the well-known commercial author
ities that "staple prices are drifting lower. Food
products certainly tend lower."
There is nothing startling about this. Everybody
has been expecting and predicting it for several
years. For a time we were on the crest of a great
wave of prosperity, to employ a phrase which has
become familiar to every American, and we all knew
that some time or other business would quiet down.
We knew, too. that inflated prices could not last, and
we also realized that it was not good for the com
mercial or social welfare that they should. Profusion
is a dangerous condition. So is high living. But we
like both, for such is man. Bread and water is a fine
healthy diet, but we do not like it.
A glance at the condition of the important staples
will show this trend in values better than penitential
moralizing. In the first place, whereas for some
years the iron and steel trades would not, and indeed
could not. promise speedy filling of orders, and often
flatly refused to accept any more new business, they
now want to make their deliveries promptly and get
their money. Still, the trade is by no means dull,
and many mills have their order books filled for
months ahead. But the rush and fever are over.
Provisions, too, as already mentioned, arc slowly set
tling, with the large Western packers less eager to
hold up the market. Buyers of cotton goods are
holding off for more harmony between the quotations
for the raw product and the manufactured goods. The
woolen goods trade is reporting a quiet market, though
there are plenty of buyers in the market and the raw
wool is quoted firm and passing rapidly from grow
ers to mill purchasers. The* New England footwear
factories are reporting a very good business in their
line, though hides and leather have become weaker
during the past month or so, and every few days a
fraction is lopped off the quotations for hides. Lum
ber is still active in the West, but is quieter in the
East, and a number of sections report a decline in
prices.
Financial considerations are said to be affecting
building operations somewhat along the Atlantic
coast. In fact, the East seems to be lagging behind
the West in commercial activity, the latter section re
porting the demand for general merchandise good,
with the movement practically as active as last year at
this time. Increasing complaints of a scarcity of cars is
a gratifying sign in this direction, while an increase
of 14 per cent in railway earnings in July over the
same month last year accentuates this condition.
But the general reports from the farms are less fa
vorable, as prices for live stock are slowly shrinking,
and the sire of the crops has diminished somewhat of
bte. Prices of commodities of all descriptions declined
i. 5 per cent in July, and have been declining almost
imperceptibly for months. Still, jobbers as a rule re
port a good inquiry for fall merchandise, and there
is no real dullness reported anywhere. The country's
bank clearings lost 3.8 per cent last week, as against
the same week last year. The failures were 178,
against 196 in 1902, but one of them was large.
Liquidation still continues in Wall street, and
though, as already mentioned, good stocks are now
deemed low enough to buy, the public arc not taking
hold of them. In fact, speculation in everything is
perceptibly quieter throughout the, country.
Conditions in California remain about the same as
before. Business is good, money is abundant, farm
products arc generally high and the export, whole
sale and retail branches of trade are reported in ex
cellent condition. We have no cause for complaint
out on ibis coast
PRICES GRADUALLY SETTLING.
Another line of interest to the oil trade,
and one of far greater significance, Is the
slow but Inevitable revolution in methods
of using crude oil. If the peculiar meth
ods maintained by the Standard Oil Com
pany In the technical treatment of crude
oil, in converting it into refined products,
CBITICISM OE METHODS.
This Is the most significant development
of the whole oil industry. Oil is more
popular than It used to be. Its two great
uses, illumination and lubrication, are
taking more and more oil, but In the
meantime the minor uses are demanding
greater supplies, and the popularity of
the by-products of petroleum Is giving
them a demand which will be satisfied
with nothing else.
One of the by-products, paraffin wax.
follows very closely, however, the price of
rival products. Thus the recent Increase
in the nrlce of paraffin wax can be traced
quite directly to me increased price of
tallow, due in turn to the manipulation
of the beef trade.
We can sum up the situation as to pe
troleum exhaustion, therefore, with an
outlook for merely a slow Increase in the
price of the raw materials, due not so
much to a lack of supply as to increased
use of the products, but the industry will
proceed with a steadiness which has char
acterized few other lines of trade.
This stability of the petroleum Indus
try has been the most remarkable feature
of our Industrial deveiopmenc. The prices
as made by the Standa. i Oil monopoly
for petroleum products have been gov
erned by the keenest and most far-seeing
consideration of supply and demand. This
tribute to keen management and the bet
terment of the condition of tha petroleum
trade on the part of the oil monopoly
must be kept in mind, as against the his
torical ruin wrought to rival refineries In
the early days. The main point of interest
to the trade In this regard Is that they
know Just what they can expect from the
Standard Company, and that sensational
discoveries of new territory will not be
allowed by the monopoly to affect the oil
trade to the slightest extent. We can
look with the utmost complacency on
the discovery of new fields In Alaska or
Texas or China "or,, on the other hand,
upon the exhaustion of considerable
fields in this country and elsewhere with
the safe assurance that the oil trade will
go on Just as though nothing had hap
pened.
GROWING USE OF ,011*
It is safe to use oil in place of coal when
the price in cents per gallon equals the
price of coal per ton in dollars. Ten-cent
oil equals ten-dollar coal.
The various advantages and disadvan
tages attending the substitution of coal
by petroleum have come to be- so well
known that it is purely a matter of small
difference In cost between coal and oil
by which the amount of petroleum used
will be regulated. But the general ten
dency is to use more oil where other fuels
have been used heretofore.
At the present time the greatest interest
in oil circles centers in Alaska, where. If
one wishes to indulge in reasonable
prophecy, we may look for an oil supply
very likely equal to that of Pennsylvania.
This .means much more for. the Pacific
Coast than It does to the oil trade.
Enough oil has been found on the Pacific
Coast to make its general use popular as
a fuel supply. Its cost relative to coal has
been well defined.
But it costs more money to produce oil
in the Western country, and especially to
refine and distribute it. Therefore, the
probable slow decline in the East means
a gradual but sure increase In the price
Of crude oil, and while large discoveries
of new oil fields will undoubtedly be made,
it is extremely questionable whether any
of them will materially disturb this grad
ually rising tendency of the price of crude
cil.
sary additional energy is given to drilling
in other promising territory until the
shortage is made up.
It is evident that Pennsylvania, Ohio
and West Virginia can furnish a large
supply of oil for years and it is further
evident that the fields in the West, espe
cially In Kansas and Indian Territory.
Wyoming and Colorado, will be drawn on
more and more to supply the 'Eastern
shortage.
MONDAY AUGUST 10, 1903
JOHN a SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
/carets All Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You With the Department You Wish.
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Market and Tblrd. S. F.
COnoiUAL BOOMS 217 to 221 Sterenion St.
Delivered by Carriers, 20 Cts. Per Week, 75 Cts.
Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
T«rm« br M*ll. Inclufilnr Poetae* (Cub 'With Order) r
VAXL.T CALL (Including Sunday), one ye*r «S.OO
' DAILY CAUL (Including Sunday). « months 4.00
DAILT CALL— By Single Month r5 «
FCNDAT CAUL. On« Tear 2 - BO
WXEKLT CALL. Oa« Tear 1 -°°
f Dally... fS.8O Per Tear Extra
FOREIGN POSTAGE i Bnnday.. 4.15 Per Tear Extra
I Weekly.. 1.OO Per Tear Extra
ah Pottnaiten are authorised to receive
subscriptions.
Caxaple ccple* will be forwarded when requested.
UaU rcbecrlbers la crtwlni; change of afdreM should b»
rarUcuUr to tfve both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a pn.ir.pt and correct compliance with ths'r request.
O.1KLA.M) OFFICE.
HIS Droadirar Telephone Slain 10S3
BERKELEY OFFICE,
S148 Center Street Telephone Korth 77
C. GEORGE KnOGVESS. Manaarer Forelm Adver
tising Marqnette Building:, Chicago.
*'Locc Distance Telephone "Central 2819.")
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
BIORTOX E. CUAXE 1400 G Street, If. TV.
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
HEPKEJf D. SMITH 3O Tribune Building;
BRANCH OFFICES— £27 Montcomery. corner of Clay, open
entll 8:80 o'clock. 800 Hayea. open until 8:80 o'clock. 833
McAllister, open until 0:30 o'clock. CIS Larkln, open until
*-.5O o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1094 Va
lencia. er»n until B o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 8
crjork NTV. comer Twenty-eecond and Kentucky, open
cnttl B o'clock. 2200 Flllmore. open until 8 p. m.
The issue is not a new one. The promotion of
American shipping has been under consideration a
long time and the policy has been approved again
and again by the Republican party in its national
platforms and by the people in their support of Presi
dential candidates pledged to such platforms. To
men who are interested in transportation problems
the issue has long been one of high interest and
many of them have s,poken of it as a matter of para
mount importance.
In an address delivered in 1900 before the National
Association of Merchants and Travelers at Chicago,
Mr. J. C. Stubbs pointed out in a striking way the
contrast between the care with which we have pro
tected our industries on land and the carelessness
with which we have neglected the needs of our ocean
industries. In the course of his address he said:
"Using the figures of Mr. Secretary Gage, manufac
turing industries have been nurtured by the Gov
ernment's protecting hand until they have increased
since 1870: the cotton industry by 324 per cent, the
silk industry by 1825 per cent, the rubber industry by
431 per cent, the iron industry by 607 per cent, the
steel industry by 12,893 P" cent, while as a coal pro
ducer we now rival Great Britain. During the same
period our foreign commerce has increased in a
greater ratio than our population. Exports Of manu
factures have ~ quadrupled . and of agriculture have
trebled. From that pleasing picture one cannot but
turn with disappointment and chagrin to this one,
that between 1870 and 1899, the proportion of foreign
commerce carried in American vessels fell from 35
per cent to 8.9 per cent, to less than half what it was
in the first year of our national existence. Disagree
able as this result is, an examination into the his
toric processes by which it has been accomplished
wfll serve only to make it more displeasing, even to
humiliating our national pride."
We need not follow Mr. Stubbs in his review of the
history of the decline of oyr ocean shipping. Suffice
it. to say that we have now reached a point where we
pay a vast yearly tribute to foreign shipowners and
still do not receive from them the full service which
we could obtain from % an adequate merchant marine
of our own. Our commercial rivals, Great Britain
and Germany, carefully protect and promote their
ocean going ships. They are aware that a merchant
ship not only carries goods to existing foreign mar
kets, but serves at the same time to make new mar
kets and to advertise the trade of the country whose
flag it flies. By neglecting our ocean merchant
marine we are, therefore, not only paying heavy
tribute to our rivals, but are surrendering to them
many markets in which we might find consumers for
large quantities of American goods.
. The people have a right to expect Congress to
take action at the coming regular session in the direc
tion of promoting our merchant marine. Ample dis
cussion has been held upon various plans proposed
to that end, and it is now time for some well con
sidered policy to be adopted and provided for. We
have been paying tribute too long. Congress should
keep the promise of the Philadelphia platform of 1000.
by enacting "legislation which will enable us to re
cover our former place among the trade-carrying
fleets of the world."
ONE of the gratifying signs of the times is the
increasing public interest in our foreign com
merce, and particularly in that phase of it
which affects the question of the enactment of legis
lation designed to promote our merchant marine on
the deep seas. It has now become quite evident to
even the most casual observer that our export and
import trade can no longer be safely or economically
left to the control of foreign shipowners. We must
provi'de an American ocean transportation for Ameri
can trade, or else we shall either have to pay an
enormously increased tribute to foreigners, or see our
foreign commerce stop where it is, making little or
no advance with the advancement of the nation in
other respects.
A NEGLECTED DUTY
Managers of these oil pools are able, by
the distribution of the wells they drill, to
rather carefully determine what may be
expected from each district and as fast
as the signs of exhaustion make it neces-
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
LARGE SUPPLY FOR YEARS.
Even the writer went into print to in
dulge in some pleasant anticipation of a
long supply of oil in considerable abund
ance from the Beaumont region— an an
ticipation more optimistic than can be re
alized. Nevertheless, the general prob
ability then expressed remains true to
day, that 'Other fields In Texas will un
doubtedly yield many times as much oil
us has been found at Beaumont and, un
der conditions of conservative production,
with more remunerative prices.
It Is Interesting to note that Texas pe
tioleum has had no influence at any time
on the general market price for crude oil
over. the world. Its effect was simply
local. The oil did not enter into com
petition with the general supply from
Pennsylvania. West Virginia and Ohio,
from which States the steady supply Is
obtained. The condition in these States
may be summed up as follows:
The oil districts in Pennsylvania have
proved longer lived than was anticipated.
When, under conditions of large produc
tion, stocks of oil accumulated, many in
dividual pools in Pennsylvania were con
sidered exhausted, because the great sup
ply was gone, and It cost as much as it
came to for pumping the oil. Following
the resulting decrease in supply the price
advanced sufficiently to reopen these old
pools and the economy of pumping sev
eral wells with one engine allowed them
to come to life again with moderate
profit.
Meanwhile the discovery of news pools
has been frequent and satisfactory. In
fact, the oil discoveries of Southwestern
Pennsylvania and West Virginia, together
with the • Ohio supply, have more than
offset the decline from abandoned pools.
At present popular anxiety as to> the
petroleum supply is due to disappointment
concerning the Beaumont field In Texas.
Fifteen months ago optimistic writers
v:ere predicting a petroleum deluge from
Beaumont, and the expectation of enor
mous yields was heightened by the anx
iety of speculative Investors to market
their oil at any price. This resulted in
oil being sold as low as 3 cents per bar
rel, and yet that oil has increased over a
hundred fold in value in the course of
twelve months, as the supply has gone to
a low ebb.
PENNSYLVANIA DISTRICTS.
USE OF COAL AND OIL.
Producing and refining petroleum con
stitutes the most interesting mineral in
dustry in the United States at the pres
ent time. It is more interesting than the
coal supply^ Coal Is merely a source of
heat, whereas petroleum contributes to
many industries. For some of these in
dustries it is absolutely essential that pe
troleum should be produced In large
quantities and at a low price. Petroleum
production has been . more sensational
than usual during the last few years, al
though its history has been filled with
sensations since its discovery in consider
able quantity in 1859.
Again, there is no industry In the coun
try so beset with misconceptions as to
its condition as the petroleum trade.
Most of these arise from the ever present
menace of a quick failure of the supply.
Such failures have been prophesied for
nearly half a century and yet the pro
duct is greater than ever in this country,
and, besides, it has been exceeded in
some years by the enormous product of
Russia.
In industries like coal mining, and, in
fact, in every mining industry except pe
troleum, we can see and measure the min
eral in the ground, whereas we can gauge
the petroleum supply only by the tiny
streams laboriously pumped from some
mysterious source a I thousand or more
feet below the surface of the earth. For
this reason petroleum exhaustion will
continue to give more or less anxiety to
the popular mind in spite of recent addi
tions of petroleum bearing territory in
the United States, and especially in Alas
ka, significant new supplies in Roumanla,
Russia, Japan, India, South America and
— most significant of all — China.
It must be perfectly evident that this
anxiety as to petroleum exhaustion In the
mind of the general public does not affect
the petroleum trade, otherwise there
would be aulck and wide variations in
the market price with the exhaustion of
each pool and the discovery of each new
district.
Chief of Division of Mineral Resources, United
States Geological Survey.
IN considering the condition of the pe
troleum Industry of the United States
it ia necessary to fix the point of view
by a few plain facts as to its present
condition.
During! the calendar year 1902 the
United States produced 80,894,500 barrels
of petroleum, worth, delivered into the
pipe line's, $69,610,348. This is the greatest
product we have ever produced, and it
is probably slightly greater than Russia's
product during the same period and
enormously greater than the entire pro
duct of the rest of the world.
By far the greater part of this petro
leum came from old, well-known sources
of supply, which yield the best varieties
of petroleum known in the world, and
which, . by the methods of refining In
vogue for many years, is made into illum
inating oh, good, bad and indifferent, to
the extent of seventy-five per cent of the
crude. No other petroleum in the world
yields nearly as much illuminating oil as
American petroleum.
The methods by which this crude yield
is accomplished are old-fashioned and
complex, but efficient for the purposes.
Some oils, refined by European methods,
would yield half as much illuminating oil
as they do, but it. would be a far better
quality than part of our product and not
so good as our best.
BY DB. DAVID T. DAY,
San Francisco is watching in pleasant anticipation
the merry clash of authority and the loud crimination
and recrimination of the various municipal depart
ments of the city. If the row continues it is reason
able to expect that taxpayers will learn much to their
advantage. .It is always something of an encourage
ment to learn what becomes of public money.
to the nominating convention who will place a ticket
in the field worthy of the support of public spirited
men. That expectation should not be disappointed.
Every loyal Republican should go to the primaries
to-morrow resolved to vote for good men and for
none other, in order to assure the double object of
party success and public welfare.
The one danger to be feared is that of political
apathy on the part of a large percentage of the Re
publican voters. It is a danger that is always im
minent. Experience has shown again and again that
the most serious evil in American municipal life is
the disinclination of large numbers of workingmen,
professional men and business men to perform
their political duties. The danger is well known. It
has been pointed out by the press, by students of our
politics, by pulpit orators and in the course of aca
demic addresses at our universities. It is well under
stood even by the apathetic themselves, and the issue
of to-day is that of trying to overcome it and so
bring out a full vote at the primaries to-morrow.
In this particular case there are special reasons why
every taxpayer should be more than usually interested
and active in the contest. It is quite probable that in
the coming bond elections there will be voted large
sums of money for extraordinary purposes. The pos
sibility of having control of the expenditure of that
money, and of directing the works of public improve
ment, will of course excite keenly the greed and the
ambitions of the bosses and their gangs. The leaders
of the spoilsmen are going to make every effort to
procure the nomination of men who will in office be
subservient to the spoils system. Their schemes can
be baffled only by the activity of the great mass of
good citizens, and accordingly every man who has a
genuine patriotic desire for good government ought
to make it a point to take part in the primaries this
year and do his full duty toward the community.
In the Republican camp the issue is plain. By the
United Republican League there has been put into
the field in every district a ticket of proposed dele
gates who deserve the support of their fellow citizens.
The delegates proposed by the league are unpledged
to any faction, or to any man, or set of men. They
are opposed in several instances by the candidates
of notorious bosses. The defeat of any one of them
would mean a loss to the convention of an indepen
dent, upright man, with the probable substitution in
his place of a man who as a delegate would have no
other aim than that of promoting the cause of the
bosses and the success of the spoils politicians.
Therefore there will come before the rank and file
of the Republican party to-morrow the clear and un
mistakable issue whether they will vote with the
United Republican League in its efforts for good
government, or will neglect a grave political and
civic duty and leave the election to go by their de
fault to the bosses.
s~-*y ONCERNING the importance of the primary
I. elections of to-morrow it is hardly necessary
"^ to say anything to intelligent citizens. It is
well known that upon these elections depends the
character of the coming administration of municipal
offices. The selection to-morrow of good delegates
to the various cenventions will assure the nomination
of right men for the many offices that are to be filled;
and if such men be nominated, then on election day
every voter will have the satisfaction of ample choice
in making up his ballot for municipal and county
officers. If, on the other hand, boss controlled dele
gates be chosen, then the convention will do the bid
ing of the bosses, and among the candidates nomi
nated the voter will have only a choice of evils.
Public opinion at this time expects a substantial,
if not a sweeping, victory for the candidates of the
Republican party. A good nominating convention
will go far toward making that expectation a cer
tainty. Consequently the main interest in the con
test to-morrow centers on the Republican primaries.
It is to the rank and file of the Republican party that
independent voters look for the selection of delegates
skepticism the public will wait to see what response
is to be made by the spirits of bygone Populism to
this new call of the job-chasers.
TO-MORROW'S PRIMARIES.
MINERAL EXPERT DISCUSSES SUPPLY
OF OIL AND SCOUTS FEARS OF FAMINE
any man— but will they come?" It is with a similar
THE SAU FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY,. AUGUST 10. 1903.
4United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Heights of High and Low
Sun, Moon and Tide.
NOTE — In the above exposition of the 5 * tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the succeexive tide* or the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings c£ the United States
Coast Survey Chart*, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the heights, and then the number
given Is substracted from the depth given -by
the charts. The plane of reference la the mean
of the lower low waters
Fruit Scarce in Madera County.
GRASS VALLEY. Aug. 9.— The scarcity
of fruit in this county Is becoming more
apparent as the shipping season opens.
Ab a result the. buyers for the Eastern
markets are paying 26 per cent more than
last year, and the grrowers who have any
quantity of fruit will reap j rich rewards.
Bartlett pears are now being contracted
for at 50 cents per box on the ground, an
advance of 10, cents "over : last - season's
prices. Plums command a similar price.
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Desination. Sails. Pier.
Angrant 1O.
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm Pier 10
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 amiPier 0
Ncvadan... Honolulu & Kahulul 3 pm|Pier 16
Centralia... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
It. Anna.. Point Arena .". 4 pm Pier 2
North For.- Humboldt 5 pm Pier 2
Ancunt 11.
i Phoenix Mendocino Cy dlrct 1 pm Pier 13
i Arctic Los Angeles Ports. 1 pm Pier 10
• Corona. Humboldt l:3OpPler 8
! Columbia... Astoria &. Portland 11 am Pier 24
AassruRt 12.
, Eureka Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
fi Monica.. Los Angeles Ports.. 12 m Pier 2
R. Barbara. Los Angeles Ports.. 12 rn Pier 2
Rival Willapa Harbor.... 4 pm Pier 2
J. Dollar... Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am Pier 2
Ansruftt 13.
Nc-wburg- •• Gray* Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
State ol Cal Kan Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 19
Coos Bay... Newport & Way... G am Pier 19
Olympic... Whatcom A Falrhn 5 pm Pier 2
Auffunt 14.
O. Llndauer Grays Harbor I pm Pier ..
Queen Pug*t Bound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
AtiKUKt IB.
Chlco Coqullle River 5 pm Pier 2
Arcata Coob B.&Pt. Orford 2 pm Pier Vi
San Jose K. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Mariposa... Tahiti direct 11 am Pier 7
Alameda... Honolulu 11 am Pier 7
8t Paul...- Nome & St. Michael
Ausrnftt in. |
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
Augrnftt 17.
Bonita San Pedro & Way.. 9 am Pier 19
AupfiiM 18.
Alliance.... Eureka & Coos Bay 5 pm Pier 16
Fan Pedro.. Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Coptic China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
Kebrackan. Honolulu &, Kahulul 3 pm Pier 16
Aucimt i;».
City Poebla- Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
AuKunt SO.
Pomona.... Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Argo Eel River Ports 4 pmiPler 2
~~ FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. For. | Sails.
Farallon Bkagway & Way Portfil Aug. 11
Humboldt.... Skagway & Way Ports! Aug. 12
City Tope ka. . fikagway & Way Ports Aug. If
Al-KI | Bkajrway & Way Ports Aug. IS
Cottage City.. Hkagway & Way Porte|Au«. 15
Oregon 1 Nome iAug. 11
Santa. Ana Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. |Aug. Hi
Dlrlgn ! fikagway & Way Ports' Aug. 20
City Seattle... Kkasrway & Way'Ports|Aug. 21
Nome City. -• « Cooks Inlet & Way Pta.JAug. 25
"Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent'
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the cUv front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minute* later than at Fort Point; the height of
tide is the same at both places.
" MONDAY. AUGUST 10.
Sun rises .....6:19 a.m.
Sun sets ..7:10 p. m.
Moon rises 8:00 p. m,
O Tim* Time Time Time
£ Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
? H W L W H W L TV
10 0:10 5.0 0:25 0.4 1:30 5.0 0:45 2.d
11 0:61 4.7 7:00 0.7 1:55 5.0 7:29 2.1
12 1:35 4.6 7:35 1.1 2:22 6.0 8:10 1.9
13 2:22 4.8 8:14 1.5 2:54 5.1 0:07 1.8
14 3:20 4.1 8:57 1.9 3:30 0.2 10:10 1.3
15 4:35 3.8 0:47 2.3 4:15 5.3 11:18 1.0
10 6.01 3.8 10:47 2.6 5:09 8.4
At a recent meeting of the vestry of
St. John's Church, Oakland, a call was
extended to Rev. Edgar Frederick Gee,
rector of Grace Church, Galesburg, 111.,
to succeed the Rev. W. W. Ray. Should
the Rev. Mr. Gee accept, he will simply
return to a diocese with which he was
formerly connected, having been ordained
by Bishop Nichols In 1S90. In 1S93 he was
ordained priest by Bishop Nicholson of
Milwaukee and succeeded to the charge
of the Church of the Redeemer,
Superior, Wls., where he remained
for several years. In 1895 he was
called to Grace Cathedral at Indianapolis,
remaining In charge until 1897, when he
accepted a call to Galesburg. He Is
known as high church, though not an ex
tremist, and will continue the methods
at old St John's that were Introduced
by Father Ray. Mr. Gee Is young In
years and said to be eloquent and tactful.
Rev. Edgar Gee Has Been Offered
Rectorship of Oakland's Rit
ualistic Church.
1 Steamer. I From. I Due.
' O. Dollar San Pedro Auk. 9
'Corona Humboldt Aug. 9
fc"t. Paul Nome via Seattle Aug. 10
O. Llndauer.. Grays Harbor Aug. 10
Cer.treJla*. .... San Pedro Aug. 10
I Nebraekan... Honolulu & Kahulul... Aug. 10
¦ State of Cal . . San Dieg-o & Way Pts. Aug. 10
' Coos Bay Newport & Way Ports, i Aug. 10
Queen Puget Bound Ports (Aug. 10
Eureka Humboldt Aug. 10
Czarina Coos Bay Aug. 11
Alameda Honolulu Aug. 11
S.Monica.... Grays Harbor Aug. 12
Argo Eel River Ports Aug. 12
Pomona HumboMt Aug. 12
S. Barbara... Seattle & Olympia Aug. 12
City Panama. New York via Panama. Aug. 12
A ream Coos Bay & Pt. Ortord. Aug. KJ
Rosa... San Diego & Way Prts. Aug. 13
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria Aug. 13
Atholl China & Japan fAug. 13
Point Arena. . Mendocino &. Pt. Arena Aug. 14
San Pedro Grays Harbor Aug. 14
Ramona San Pedro & Way Pts. Aug. 11
Claverlng ! China & Japan Aug. 15
City Puebla. . I Puget Sound Ports Aug. 15
Alliance Portland & Way Ports Aug. IS
North Fork-..' Humboldt Aug. 16
6lerra Sydney A: Way Ports.. Aug. 17
Amer. M&ru.. China & Japan Aug. IS
Silesia Heattle Aug. IS
Columbia Portland & Astoria... Aug. 18
Umatllla Pugct Sound Ports Aug. 20
Acapulco New York via Panama Aug. 20 !
TO ARRIVE.
Movements of Steamers.
One of the features of tne encampment
will be the grand concert at Me
chanics' Pavilion on Wednesday evening,
August 19, with a volunteer chorus of 600
voices and an orchestra of -./) musicians
EASTERN MAN CALLED
TO ST. JOHN PASTORATE
CONCERT AT PAVILION.
The following have thus far sent In
their acceptance of the appointments as
aids to the grand marshal: ¦•
R. B. Hale, J. W. Hoyt, Dr. R. B. Hartley,
W. ,€. Miller. F. P. Bull, A. B. Wood. R B.
Moore. G. K. Porter. W. F. Kibbler. William
C. Ralston. Captain R. P. Hurlbut. George 8.
Andres. Dr. E. P. Halstead. F. D. Monckton,
A J de Lamar. Judge J. R. Altken Morris
Simlnoff George Habenlcht. Dr. T. L. Hill,
Colonel Joseph B. Lauck. Otto F. Schiller, Dr.
E. R. Bryant.
QENERAL R. H. WARFIELD has
resigned as grand marshal of the
first parade of the Grand Army
encampment owing to a severe
Illness. Upon receipt of, his
resignation the executive committee acted
upon It at onoe, expressing regret, be
cause General Warfield had been very
active and enthusiastic In making ar
rangements for the parade, but was
obliged to ceaae by order of his physician.
Colonel Jesse B. Fuller was the unani
mous choice of the committee for grand
marshal. He at once reappolnted Colonel
William Edwards chief of staff and Col
onel J. F. Burgln chief aid. Grand Mar
shal Fuller immediately canvassed the
ground and became satisfied that the
coming parade would be one of tiro largest
and most notable ever seen in this city.
Grand Marshal Fuller Is past depart
ment commander of Calirornla and Ne
vada, G. A. R.; past commander of the
Loyal Legion, Commandery of California,
and chairman of the committee on music
and programme. He served through the
war with the Army of the Cumberland
under General Thomas and was engaged
in all the battles between Chattanooga
and Atlanta.
The work of removing the earth in the
basement has beeit the task of the young
men who attend the mission, who have
labored after working hours, mostly, at
night. With picks and . shovels upward
of 10,000 cubic feet of earth has been re
moved at a saving of at least $400 to the
mission. * - l<- '->
The present condition of the Cathedral
Mission of the Good Samaritan suggests
more than a suspicion of high church
tendencies. Propped by Jackscrews, it
stands several feet above Its former level,
while the workmen are laying a concrete
foundation upon which the entire edifice
will hereafter rest. This will give a sub
stantial character to the structure, which
it has heretofore lacked, and enable it to
withstand ordinary , earthquake shocks
without damage. Some $5000 will be ex
pended on Interior readjustment, which
will add a whole story and give room In
the basement for bowling ., alleys, gymna
sium, blllard rooms and apartments for
the many guilds connected with the mis
sion. The present hall will be consider
ably enlarged and the jj dispensary ' and
hospital, now In the upper floor, will be
given larger space In the main story.
Structure Is Raised Above Original
Foundation and Gymnasium
Built in Basement.
GOOD SAMARITAN MISSION
, IS BEING IMPROVED
Colonel John B. Wyman Circle No. 22,
Ladies of the O. A. R., Oakland, will be
well represented at the Grand Army en
campment by its chief officers and a large
contingent of members, who will be sta
tioned on this side to assist in entertain
ing and act as escorts to the visitors in
showing them the sights and beauty spots
of Alameda County.
The Olympic Club concert and exhibi
tion to take place at Mechanics' Pavilion
to-morrow night promises to be the most
attractive function of the week. The
money derived from the sale of tickets will
go Into the Grand Army encampment
fund.
The work of dismantling the 'suspended
platform' over Market street, near the
Lotta fountain, was practically finished
last, night. Contractors are going ahead
vigorously with the construction of the
arches according to modified specifica
tions. .
"Jubel," overture, C. M von Weber, or
chestra; "The Two Grenadle'nj," R. Schumann.
II. H. Barnhart; "Hungarian Rhapsodie," F.
Liszt, orchestra: soldiers' chorus. "Faust,"
Gounod, "Gallant Boys In Blue," a new pa
triotic Eong, Shafter-Howard grand chorus of
C00 voices; grand American fantasie, Victor
Herbert, orchestra; "Tannhauser," overture,
Wagner, orchestra; "My Own United States,"
Julian Edwards, a new national song, heard
for the first time, H. H. Barnhart. chorus and
orchestra. Second part — "When Johnny Comes
Marching Home," chorus and orchestra; grand
aria "II est Doux. U est Bon," from Hero
dlade J Massenet. Mrs. M. E. Blanchard;
"Tenting on the Old Camp Ground," Klttredge;
"Marching Through Georgia," Work, grand
chorus and orchestra; concert valse. "Puer
stensteiner," B. Bilse, orchestra; "Stars and
Stripes Forever, 1 ' Sousa; "Reminiscencs of
Philippine Islands," chorus and orchestra;
"Star-Spangled Banner," Keys, Mrs. .M. E.
Blanchard. grand chorus and orchestra.
under the direction of Paul Steindorff, by
the kind permission of the Tivoll Opera
house management. Professor John W.
McKenzie is conductor or the choral
numbers and John Marquardt concert
master. The programme will include the
following:
VETERAN WHO HAS BEEN APPOINTED GRAND MARSHAL, OF THE
GRAJJD ARMY PARADE TO SUCCEED GENERAL. R. H. WARFIELD,
WHO HAS RESIGNED ON ACCOUNT OF ILLNESS.
Th« big- log raft from Portland arrived off
the por^ yesterday evening; in tow of the tugs
Tatoosn and Richard Holyok«. It cam* Into
the harbor on the high tide and will to-day
be taken to a mooring whera it will be dU
mantled.
Log Baft Arrives.
Is sometimes almost as difficult as nam
ing the baby. You find the task an easy
one if you bring your pictures to us and
try, the moldings and mats here. We
have so many varieties of moldings
and such exauislte ones, that a satisfac
tory selection Is quickly made. Sanborn,
Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
Framing the Picture
BAKERSFIEL.D. Aug. 9.— A large
fire started two days ago is sweeping
over the mountains south of Caliente.
thirty miles south of Bakersfleld. The
blaze has already swept over thousands
of acres cf land, destroying the grass on
the ranges and large fields of grain and
forests. To-day the flre destroyed many
dollars' worth of grain and crops on the
ranch of W. R. Rankin, near Caliente, and
from here It has spread to the property
ot the Kern County Land Company, and
to-night the fields and trees are blazing,
the flames shooting upward, forming a
magnificent sight, plainly seen from the
railroad and the town of Caliente.
To-night a special train left Kern City
carrying a large force of men sent by the
land company to protect its property and
arrest the progress of the all-devouring
flames which have leaped across roads
and ditches and are now In the land com
pany's large grain fields. Some fear Is ex
pressed for the safety of ranch houses In
the mountains and there is even a chance
of the fire reaching the town of Caliente.
The latter town is a small but very Im
portant station on the Southern Pacific
and Santa Fe. where freight is unloaded
for the great Huntlngton-Hellman Power
plant at Kernvllle. The railroad company
has Its section crew on watch there and
in making preparation* to ward off the
blaze should it approach the town or its
property.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
COOS HAY— Sail*! Auc *— Schr Webfoot,
f'.r fian Francist-o.
VEXTirRA— Arrived Auy 3— Uzrce Santa
l'iole. hence Aujr 7. in tow tug Rescue.
Called Au«: S» — Harpe Hanta Paula. Jn tow
tu>c Rescue, for Kan Francisco; gtznr Mantla
lay. for H»n FmnrtKco.
IORT HARroi'.ti — Sailed Augr 9 — Stmr Coco
B?y. for l>an Francisco.
TATOOEii— 1'acscd out Au« 8— Etmr ot
POINT LOBOS. Au>r 1O. 10 p m — Weather
hick; wind SW. velocity 14 mile* per hoar.
TELEGRAPHIC
Per t.* S etmr Losan — Auir K. 7 m m. 4
masted bktn ete»ring: E; aJato Br «hlp Wu
lale from Newcastle. Aus. for 6an Francisco,
lat 39 V) N. Ion 1<2 10 W; Aug: 7, 2 p in.
lat 23 01. N. Ion 13* W, bktn W H Dlmond.
?rrm Honolulu, for Han Francisco; Aujr 7, Ut
:W 58 K. Ion 138 28 W, S-ma*ted echr Steer
ing E.
FTOKE.V
Shipping Intelligence
ARRIVED.
Sunday, Aurust 10.
t-tmr Del Nolle. Green, 31 hours from Cres
cent City.
Stmr Scot!*, ErickEon, 12 hours from Bovem
Landing.
£unr Aberdeen, X>anlels, 40 hours from San
Pedro.
Ktmr Mlneola, KIrkwood, 96 hours from Ta-
CGtnft.
Star Corona. Johnson, 18 hours from Eu-
Btrr.r Gipry. Leland. 12 hours from Moan
Lending;. -''~- ' \.
Stmr New buns, Anfindscn, 70 hour* from
Grays Harbor. ...
Ptmr Kuth. Re*d. 14 houra from Mendodno.
Ftmr Acme, Lund<iulst, 42 hours from
Stmr^Coquille River. Dart, 52 hours from
*»a*i Pedro
U a etmf LcKan. Ptinaon. 24 d»y» from Ma
nila, via N»Ba*akl IN days 16 hours.
Ilr ctmr Wyefield. Watson. 4 day» from Si-
MlmO - SAILED.
Sunday Augrust 10.
Ftmr Sequoia, Fo«en. Grays Harbor.
Ftmr Ra-Tjona, Ezple*. fian Pedro.
Ktn.r Santa Kc*a. Alexander. Ean Diejro.
Ktmr Umatllla. NcDanfier. Victoria.
Ktmr Newnboy. Adler. Hsrdy Creek.
Ktmr Montara, Rtilly. southern coast.
Fr bark Franccls. Arnautizon. Ipswltch.
Bktn Kohala, L>e.drlck, Cape Town, via Che
mainus. _ .
Hchr I>.ndcr Bros. Wetzelr, Sluslaw.
Kchr I>6sie K, Merrlam, San- Vicente L«nd
injr.
Pchr Mary Duhnp. Dar.nevijf, Eureka.
Rchr William Iiodwcn, FJerem. Grays Har
bor.
Tfie steam schooner Pan Gabriel, built by
the United Engineering "Works for the trad*
between Eureka and San Pedro, was out on a
trial trip yesterday and proved Jn every way
netlefactory. Fhe will go into commission
within a few <l«ys. She Is a rteel vessel and
has accommodation* for fiOO.000 feet of lum
ber. She cost about $100,000.
«.
San Gabriel Has Trial Trip.
trooper.
C. F. Herbert, first-class private of
Company F of the engineer corps, and
Julius Ujhelyi, Company I, Twenty-sixth
Infantry, died during the passage.
The Twenty-sixth was the first of the
:;ew regular regiments of infantry to be
sent to the Philippines and rendered cal
ls nt service, both in Luzon and Samar.
This regiment was largely Instrumental
ii. compelling the surrender of the Fili
pino general. Belarmino.
J. A. McGeary. General Humphrey's
thief clerk, was a passenger on the Lo
gan. He brings with him twenty-five vol
umes of statistics, printed and bound, and
telling In facts and figures the story of
General Humphrey's administration as
chief quartermaster of the district of the
Philippines.
The Lcgan was eighteen days and six
teen hours from Nagasaki and twenty
four days from Manila.
Captain Stinson says that the Berkeley
and Star.fOd studems who shipped for
the round trip in the steward's depart
ment have all developed into good wait
ers. None of them will make a return
trip, however. During the trooper's stay
;it Manila the Logan's waiters met some
Manila teams on the baseball diamond
and the college training of the transport's
team enabled the Logan eleven to make
a creditable showing.
The cabin passengers were:
Lieutenant Colonel George A. Cornish, Majcr
I^erenzo V.\ Cooke. Major George p. Cooke,
• aptain Geurge E. lloule. Captain John F.
Preston. Captain L. F. Kilbourne, Captain Mur
raj iialdwin. Captain E> 'A. Roche, Chaplain
Thomas Dicknon, Kim Ueutenant George D.
Arrowsmith. First Lieutenant E. J. Newlen.
tirtrt Lieutenant F. W. Benteen. First Lieu
it-nar.t J. T. Watson, First Lieutenant M. Rich
ardson. First Lieutenant L. E. Hanson, First
Lieutenant A. C. Ostorn, First Lieutenant J.
dc C. Hall. First Lieutenant H. D. Blasland.
Seccnd Lieutenant W. J. Schmidt, Second Lieu
tenant G. K. Gilles. Second Lieutenant D.
Archer, Second Lieutenant H. 6. Malone, See
tr.d Lieutenant G. Compton. Second Lieutenant
L. M. Purcell. Second Lieutenant E. P. Thcmp- ;
tun. S<?ccnd Lieutenant H. M. Kelly, Second :
Lieutenant H. G. Leckie, Captain M. F. Steele, i
Captain A. V. P. Anderson. First Lieutenant !
P. \V. Gu:nty. First Lieutenant J. A. Baer, '¦
second Lieutenant It. Butler, Second Lleuten
art E. A. Keys. Second Lieutenant R. Miller,
Colonel J. M. Thompson, Major G. H. Torney.
Major E. A. Edwards. Major R. I). Potta. Cap
rain G, C M. Godfrey, Captain F. W. Kobbe.
'•&j<iaf» F. B. Shaw, Captain C. E. Dentler,
<>ptatn T. F. McGinnis, First Lieutenants W.
D. Rer.zichauser. H. L. Jamee, D. T. Moore,
L. lirecbemin Jr.. C. C. G<;er. Second Lieuten
ant? W. II. Rfeves and C. R. Norton, W. H.
Tuckey, J. L. Burkhart, R. L. Felts, A G.
Kisir.K. S. A. Maxwell. E. J. Craig, Mrs. J. M.
Thompson, Mrs. L. W. Cooke, Mrs. G. H. Tor
nejr. Mifb Torney. F. J. Torn«y. Mr». H. L.
.7ame«. Mrs. J. P. Ryan. Master Ryan. Mrs.
Dickson, Mrs. F. J. Morrow and daughter. Mrs.
«J. V>. Arrowrmith and con and daughter, Mrs.
I.. E. Hanson. :.:.>>¦ Gordon. Mrs. J. de C.
Hall, Mrs. Frencb. Mrs. H. D. Blasland,
Un. M. Richardson and 6on. Mrs. H. G.
L<»ck>. Mrs. J. F. Preston. Mrs M. F. Steele,
Mrs. W S. Va!«=ntin*>. Mrs. F. \\\ Cole Misses
Cole. Maeier Cole. Mrs. \V. H. Tuckey Miss
Tuckey. Mr*. W. L. Reed. Mrs. W. W*. Quln
ton and daughter Miss Mary Jackson. Mrs.
W. O. Outcl!iTo. Mre. J. ftf. Ktllian. Masters
Klllian Miss Klllian. Mrs. R. Sherwood. Mrs.
A. F. Patterson and taby. Miss Helen M. Dor
rir.gton. Mr*. A. H. Whelpley and «on. Miss
Laura L. Lindley. Miss Emir.a L. Kennedy.
R. A. Dickson. Mrs. Hoskins. Mrs. A. Holland
and daughur*. Mrs. C. H. Foote and baby,
Henry Allen. Andrew Ryan W E Morgan,
Mis* Hasty. Baby Hasty. P. M. Travis. Charles
XV. McC'.ure. EL B. Rooksby. Charles Hasten.
W. H. Hawee. Enoc W. Agnew. L. C. Bailey.
Mrs. L. C. Bailey D. A. Everett. \V H. Rich,
ardson. J. A MrG^ry. W. S. Bunting C. F.
Atwell. H. fi. Wright. P. G. Heyt. Colonel C.
William*. Major L. Hr*eh«>min. Captain D.
Settle, Captain O. B. Rosenbaum. Flr»t Lieu,
tenant J. R- Shook, Second Lieutenant E. R.
W. MoCabe. Second Lieutenant F. P. Lahm,
D. E Foster. Mrs Francis Moore Miss Moore
Miss L. 6. King. Mrn. O. B. Roeenbaum. Mu
tr>r Ros^nbaum. Miss Rosenbaum Mrs H C
Watt*. Mrs. Dot:*la^ Settle and child. Mrs.
L Erechemln. N. \V. Kittson. Mr«. P. M.
Jones. Masters Jcne*, Miss Jonrs.
The army transport Logan, Captain
arrived yesterday afternoon from
Manila with the largest number of pas
scr.gers she has curried during her ca
rter in the Government service. AU told
>he had on board 164J passengers, of
whom 156 came in the cabin. There were
two deaths during the voyage. Fine
weather prevailed all the way across, but
three days out from port the transport
ran into a thick fog, which continued un
til the Golden Gate was sighted. The Lo
gan came into port looking as clean and
white as when she started from here.
The Logan's passengers Included 761
« nlisted men of the Twenty-sixth United
States Infantry. 104 enlisted men of the
Sixth Cavalry. ~~2 casuals, 105 discharged
soldiers, 64 general prisoners, 3 Insane pa
rents and iS civilian employes of the
?Government. The ranking officer on
board was Colonel Christian Williams,
t uramanding the Twenty-sixth Infantry.
Colonel J. M. Thompson of the Twenty
third Infantry also returned on the
LIVERPOOL. — Arrived Aug 8— Stmr Umbria,
from New York; stirr Tunisian, from Mont
real.
U0ULO3NE-SUR-MER— Sailed Aug S— Stmr
Xoordam, from Rotterdam, for New York, and
passed Lizard Head Aug 9.
MOVILLE — Sailed A'isr 8 — Stmr Columbia,
from Glasgow, for New York.
NEW YORK — Arrivtd Auk 9 — Stmr Cedric,
from Liverpool; stmr La Champagne, from
Havre.
PORT SAID— Arrived Aug 8— Br stmr Achil
les, from Tacoma.
HAMBURG— Sailed Auc S-^Ger stmr Aby
dos, for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
FOREIGN PORTS
HONOLULU— Sailed Acs 8— Schr Minnie A
Caine. for Pu«ret Sound.
Arrived Aug 0— U S etmr Sheridan, hence
Aug 1. for Manila.
HILO— Sailed Aug 7— Schr TVilbert L Smith,
for Puget Sound. Auz S — Stmr Enterprise,
for San Francisco.
ISLAND PORTS
Passed in Aug 10 — Ger ship Sirene. from
Rotterdam, for Tacoma; bktn Newsboy, for
Port Blakeley.
Sailed Auk 9— Chll bark Ema Lulsa, for
South America.
EL'KEKA — Arrived Aug 9 — Btmrs Pomona,
and Iaqua, hence Aug 8.
Sailed Aus » — Stmr Eureka, for San Fran
cis^: bktn Gardiner City, for San Pedro.
SAN MEGO— Arrived Aug 9— Schr Irene,
from San Pfdro.
WESTPORT— Arrived Aug S)— Stmr Fulton,
from .
PORT TCHVNSEND— Arrived Aug 9— Br
ctmr Inverness, from Comox; Bchr Poiarts,
hence Aug 17; Russ bark Hermes, from Ehans
hal.
Paul, for San Francisco; schr SaJem. for San
Pedro.
By order cf Archbishop Riordan sol
emn high mass was celebrated yes
terday In all churches under his ju
risdiction, this in honor of St. Emyg
dius and to Invoke his intercession to
guard against earthquakes. St. Emyg
dius is the patron saint to shield the
faithful from earthquakes.
The solemn high mass at St. Mary's
Cathedral was especially inspiring at 11
o'clock. All the somber draperies in
honor of the memory of the late Pope
had been removed and the church was
bright again. Mass was celebrated by
the Rev. Father W. J. Sullivan, who was
assisted by the Rev. Fathers Hannlgan
and Rarnm, who were respectively deacon
and sub-deacon. The Rev. Father O'Ryan
acted as master of ceremonies. The cele
brant and deacons were robed in crim
son chasubles, while seated in the sacris
ty was Archbishop Montgomery, robed In
purple vestments. The choir music waa
rendered with spirit and beauty.
The sermon was preached by the Very
Rev. Prendergrast. By way of Instruc
tion he said:
To those who do not know. It should be said
that St. Emygdius lived 1600 yean ago in
pagan Rome. He was born In a small town
on the banks of the river Rhine, in Germany.
Long; before he became of age he adopted Chris
tianity, much agalm<t his parents' wishes, for
they were pagans. When Quite a young man
he went to Rome and tendered his services as a
Christian to the Pope in the propagation of
Christianity. His services were accepted, and
en account of his performing miracles he was
Koon locked upon as a god by the pagans in
Rome. He was later sent out as a bishop to a
country on the archipelago near Greece. Enter
ing a temple filled with pagans who were lame,
blind and halt, he healed them by making the
sign of the cross over them. After he had ac
complished this miracle he walked up to the
altar in the temple and destroyed all the gods
and irr.aees. In that temple alone he con
verted 1300 pagans.
The prefect of the district became very ieal
ous of £t. Emygdlu*. and, sending for him,
attempted to persuade him to discard Chris
tianity. But the saint stood firm, and he was
later beheaded by this very Governor of the
province.
St. Emygdius, among other miracle*, was
called upon many times to quell earthquakes.
He is looked upon as the patron saint to
protect the faithful from earthquakes, and It
it. in his honor that the mass is celebrated to
day.
Has Uneventful Voyage and
Only Two Deaths Dur
ing i he Trip.
Wields Control Over and
Protects Faithful From
Earthquakes.
and Town May ! Be
Burned.
Ranch Houses Are Threatened
Flames Sweeps Moun
tains in the Vicinity
of Caliente.
3ric gs Largest Number
ot Passengers She
Ever Carried.
Archbishop Orders Mass
Celebrated in His
Honor.
FIRE MENACES
GRAIN FIELDS
PRAY TO PATRON
SAINT EMYGDIUS
LOGAN ARRIVES
FROM MANILA
COLONEL FULLER APPOINTED
MARSHAL OF ENCAMPMENT
Chosen to Fill Place Made Vacant by the Resignation of
General R. H. Warfield— Grand Concert at Mechanics'
Pavilion to Be a Grand Feature of Veterans' Gathering
THE gAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 10, 1903.
5
Instructions for Framing
"THE OLD ARMY CHEST,"
NEXT SUNDAY'S
ART SUPPLEMENT:
Frame in three-inch plain-
scooped gilt or three-inch Flem-
ish brown and burnished gold.
AMTJSEMKtrrS.
SYMPHONY CONCERTS.
FRITZ SCHEEL, iH
Ausdces S. F. Symphony Society.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE.
ORCHESTRA OF 70 MUSICIANS.
Concerts at 3:15 p. m. FRIDAY, August 14,
THURSDAY, August 27, and every THURS-
DAY following up to and Including October 8.
SALE OF SEASON TICKETS BEGINS ON
MONDAY. AUG. 10. AT SHERMAN
& CLAY'S MUSIC STORE.
Prices of Seats— Season, Orchestra, $1 23;
Dress Circle, first four rows, $1 25; last four
rows $1; Family Circle, 75c. 25c off. each eea-
non ticket ) to members of the 8. F. SYM-
PHONY SOCIETY.
Single tickets for these concerts on sale on
and after Wednesday. August.12.
STATEMENT
OF THE^
COtTDITION AND AFPAIBS
OF THE
DELAWARE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania on the Slst day of December.
A. D. 1902, and for the year ending on that
day, as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of Calirornla, pursuant to the
provisions of sections 610 and 611 of _ tb« Po-
litical Code, condensed as per blank rurnisnea
by the Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid tip
in Cash •••• $702.878 00
'assets.
Real Estate owned by Company... $200,500 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 116,700 00 <
Cash Market Value of all Stocks nn* oa
and Bonds owned by Company. 8 1 1.003 84
Amount of Loans secured by pledge >
of Bonds. 8tocks, and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral.. 223.000 00
Cash in Company's Office 856 M
Cash In Banks •- WS3 52
Interest due and accrued on alt ,, -_, m
Stocks and Loans .- n,87i wi
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages •• • • • • • L' 30 °2
Premiums in due Course of Col-
lection • •• 189.793 51
Bills receivable, not Matured,
taken for Fire and Marine Risks. 2.TO1 W
Rents due and accrued ......^.... 341 B7
Perpetual premiums uncollected .. 801 °o
Total Assets .J1.651.3S4 71
LIABILITIES. "
Losses adjusted and unpaid...... $1.975 00
Losses ln U8^££ 68 ot Adjustment
Lo°ees n reslBf(Nj! S ?ncluding'expenses. 3.780 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
02?V^n S "ranc r e60 S perc 5 e?t: 2S2.963 90
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $631.-
708 95; reinsurance pro rata.... 333,138 61
Amount reclalmable the in-
sured on perpetual fire Insurance
policies • ••¦••• ii«j,*.-.z *tt
Cash dividends remaining unpaid.. 77 00
Commissions and^ Brokerage due
and to become due 27.568 89
Total Liabilities $818.200 87
INCOME.
Ntt cash actually received for Fire
premiums • • $7*7.155 49
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages ••-• o, 606 42
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and
from all other sources 46.731) 68
Received for Rents .: 9,633 33
Received from all other gources.. 125.448 17
Total Incoma $924,58009
EXFENDITURES. f
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including £ . lo«es of pre-
vlous yeara) V*."' H01.387 58
Paid or allowed for Commission _
or Brokerage "i";i" 1TO ' B7fl OT
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other •
charges for officers, clerks etc.. 60,864 *«
Paid for State. National and Local
All other payments and expendi- ¦ _. .
tures 53.726 28
Total .Expenditures $717.840 63
Firs.
: Losses Incurred during the year..... $397. 187 11
Risks and Premiums.JFlre Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
y y a r t^. < ! i :f! i :f..! h V$83.2«.9O5 $1,017.223 22
Net amount of RlskB
SSSFSSS?? 77.205.042^ 888.274 '«
N Dec a ember t 3J n . iSoE? 112.946.190 1.257.636 7«
CHARLES H.'YARNALL. Vice Prest.
HENRY LYLBURN. Secretary. ,
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 19th
day of January. • 1903. "
RICHARD H. REILLY. Notary PubllcN
EDWARD BROWN £r SONS,
GENERAL AGENTS,
411 and 413 California St.,
1 SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
PAUL M. NIPPERT."" City Agent. ..'
, I 1 V ULI HOUSE*
To-night and All This Week.
SaturdajCMattnee,
The last chance to see ,.
CAMILLE D'ARVILLE
The Queen of Comic Opera, in Smith & P*
Koven's Great Work. V
"THE HIGHWAYMAN.*'
With EDWIN STEVENS as Foxy Quiller.
Superb Special Cast Throughout.
Arthur Cunningham. Annie " Myers, Ferris
Hartman, Edward Webb, Bertha Davis
Almee Leicester and the big Tivoll
Company and Orchestra.
NEXT WEEK— Watch for the appearance of ,
ANNA LIGHTER In "The Fortune Teller."
POPULAK PRICES r.23c. 60c. 73c
Teleshone Bush 9. .- - -.
GRAND 8S E uH
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
TO-NIGHT— EVERY NIGHT
RAYMOND & CAVERLY,
AND OUR P™™ 1 " 1^~^ T h e Ro « eT "
| • SUPERB y Brothers' Last
EASTERN jj l\| New York Sea-
COMPANY IN JLx^B 80n ' s Success.
IllAIlVARD"
The Most Gorgeous and Beautiful Spectacular
Production Ever Witnessed in Ban Francisoo.
PRICES— 2*c. 50c. 75a .
A T /"I A TT A T\ Belaseo A Mayer,
ALLAZAR splice.
Gen. Mgr.
TO-NIGHT— FAREWELL WEEK OJ\
WHITE WHITTLESBY
In a Great Production of
THE THREE MUSKETEERS.
Evg.. 25c to 75c; Mat. Thur. A Sat, 19c to 50o
NEXT MONDAY— Belaseo * Mayer's great
special presentation of the quaint rural comedy*
THE DAIRY FARM.
As Given 1200 Times In the East.
First Times In San Francisco.
¦ vO'V-- SEATS NOW ON SALE.
ANOTHER GALA NIOHT.
First time to-night the very funny travesty ef
I -THE BJC LITTLE PRINCESS" I
and ••QUO VASS ISS." |
The screamingly funny travesty adopted from
"Quo Vadls." Both plays presented with per-
fect details.
Our "All Star" Cast. Including
KOLB AND DILL.
BARNEY BERNARD,
WINFIELD BLAKE,
HARRY HERMSEN,
MAUDE AMBER.
ELEANOR JENKINS.
ETC.. ETC.. ETC.
RESERVED SEATS— Nights, 25e. 60c and
75c. Saturday and Sunday Matinees. 23c and
50c . Children at Matinees. 10c and 25c
LESTER AND CURTIN: LITTLE BLOSSOM
AND A GREAT SHOW EVERY AFTER-
NOON AND EVENINO IN THE THEATER.
Inspect "CABARET DE LA MORT."
VISIT THE POUND AND ONE-HALF BABY
IX THE INFANT INCUBATOR. ¦
THREE BABY TIGERS IN THE ZOO.
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
ADMISSION, 10c; CHILDREN. 5c——
Visit the
"Mystic Mirror Maze."
STATEMENT
CONDITION A2TD AFFAIRS
Agricultural
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF WATERTOWN. IN THE STATE OT
New York, on the 31st day ef December.
A. D. 1902. and for the year ending on that
day, as mad* to the Insurance Commts«lon«r
of the State of California, pursuant to th»
provision* of sections 910 and 811 of the Po-
litical Code, condensed as per blank furnished
by the Commissioner:
CAPITAL..
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
in Cash $500.000 00
ASSETS '
Real Estate Owned by Company.. $344,508 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 584.713 0T
Cash Marktt Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. 889,139 23
Amount of Loans secured by
pledge of Bonds. Stocks, and
other marketable securities as
' collateral- 321.203 44
Cash in Company's Office 13.834 21
Cash in Banks 179.733 T«
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 14.MS 33
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 10.177 71
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 208.023 14
Due from other Companies for Re- ,
insurance on losses already paid 1,273 44
Commissions on unpaid reinsur-
ance • 2,863 39
Total Asset! 12.3661 26815
LIABILITIES. ~~~ ~~
Losces adjusted and unpaid , It 1.904 79
Looses in process of Adjustment
. or in Suspense r. 63.031 a
Losses resisted, including expenses 12,821 33
Gross Premiums on Fire Risks
running one year or less, $302.-
751 00; reinsurance 50 per cent. 431.373 80
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running more than on« year,
$1,531,303 00; reinsurance pro
rata ••• 81
Commissions and Brokerage du* J
and to become due 47,185 0»
Reinsurance premlnms 10.8T3 IT
Total liabilities '....I1.4A3.1S9 K»
INCOME. . ~~
Net cash actually received for Flr»
premiums -• $1,221,709 43
Received for Interest on Bonds
¦ and Mortgages 37.471 S3
Received for interest and divi-
dends on Bonds, Stocks. Loans,
and from all other sources....... 64.874 01
Received for Rents f 4.603 M
Received from all other tourccs.. 111412 73
Total Income .11.482.834 M
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including J98.934 70. losses of
previous years) $819.237 00
Dividends to Stockholders 50,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage •• •;•¦••¦• 338,279 73
paid for Salaries. Fees, and other
«harge« for officers, clerks, etc. 88.027 71
Paid for Stats. National and Local
taxes 47,353 38
All other payments and expendi- ' _
tures • 1119,734 29
Total Expendltnrts .$1,282.852 09
Fire!
Losses lncnrred daring the year.. $848.243 00
Risks and Premiums. IFire Risks. | Premlnms.
Net amount of Rlaks
JSE?.- ££!:.£ J163.845.700 •1.731.533 CO
Net amount of Risks
Sgf^SS:^ 15S.S4M0O MU*f0»
Net amount in force >
December 31. 19O2. 24S.0Bh.20O Z.4M.O34 00
" " '< A. H. SAWYER. Prest. '
W. It STEVENS. S«cy. •
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 24th ,
day of *«««t "J^OWDB. XoUry Public,'
EDWARD BROWN &. SONS. Cent Ajjents.
411 and 413 California «t.. S. T. Cal.
CEO. tl. MURD0CK &. SON. City Agents,
i 413 Calif ornls> St^ San Fraactico, CM.
AMUSEMENTS. 7»>
LAST 7 NIGHTS.
LAST MATINEE SATURDAY.
The One Playhouse Where
HILARITY REIGNS SUPREME !•
The Comedian You AH Know,
Ezra Kendall
In the License to Laugh,
"THE VINEGAR BUYER"
Last Time Next Sunday Night.
Commencing Next Monday. Aus. 17.
Seat Sale Next THURSDAY at 9 O'Clock.
HENRY " MARGARET
MILLER and ANGLIN
First Play — George Bernard Shaw's
"The Devil's Disciple"
No Orders for Seats Will Be Considered la
Advance of the Opening of the Regular Sale.
elfieTfay,
"The Craziest Soubrette on the American
Stage."
Lew Hawkins; Sidney Wilmer and
Company; Miss Wynne Winslow;
The Great Kaufmann Troupe;
Dooley and Tenbrooke; Roberts,
Hayes and Roberts; George Austin
and Macart's Dogs and Monkeys.
Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Box Seats
and Opera Chairs. 60a.
ifAUFORinin
U TO-NIGHT— All This Week. 1.U
Most powerful organization Jl
of Its Kind In America. w ¦
7 - 2rETX.£-MOBOSCO CO. _
.id Presenting the Comedy Ho- .Tv
Kf\ manee. _
J&U A EOYAL PAMII.Y j5O
a k Bargain Matlnre Thursday, A _
JLO 25c and 50c. jC*>
I •;¦ Next Sunday— To Greet the
I Nation's Heroes ¦-.<-•
ifsfS SHESAirooAH ana
III" Greatest of all War Dramas. m
IIheatrLI
Market St.. near Eighth Phone South 833.
TO-NIGHT— ONE WEEK ONLY. . ,
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
Magnificent Production of the New York and
London Success,
"Man's Enemy"
The Greatest of Scenic Sensational Melo-
dramas,
Dealing With the Evila of Drink!
PPIfTC Evenings 10c to 50c
rmVCJ Matinees lOc. 13c. 23c
Grand Army Week. Aug. 17,
The Famous Civil War Drama,
"CUMBERLAND '61"
Pnfont* D °N' T FAI1 - ™
1 Uial'W see the beautiful
< COURT Lounging
fllm room, the EMPIRE
fl«W PARLOR, the
P j PALM ROOM, the
linifld "LOUIS XV PAR-
UiailU LOR, and the LA-
D . | DIES'. WRITING
I Hotels | rqom -
STATEMENT
OF THE '
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
HenlRltp
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK, IN THE STATE OF NEW
York, on the 81st day of December. A.
D. 1002. and for the year ending on that day.
as made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
. of sections 610 and fill of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnisned by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL. '
Amount of Caoltal Stock, paid up
in Cash 1400,000 00
ASSETS. =
Real Estate owned by Company... $73,000 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages... 64.600 00
: Cash Market Value of aU Stock
i and Bonds owned by Company.. SS0.579 00
1 Amount of Loans secured by pledge
j of Bonds. Stocks and other mar-
i ketable securities as collateral.. 6.000 00
; Cash In Company's Office 3,025 00
i Cash in Banks 65,837 43
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 6,122 31
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 1.089 07
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 331,517 78
Rents 'due and accrued 400 00
Total Assets .$1.410,101 (SO
i, , * LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid 124,908 OS
Losses In process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 69.103 59
Losses resisted. Including expenses. 1,200 00
Gross sremiums on Fire Risks
running one year or less, $1,115,-
903 70; reinsurance 60 per cent.. 571,735 78
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running more than ont year,
$50,705 57; reinsurance pro rata. 30,123 79
Due and to become due for Dor-
rowed money 70,000 00
All other liabilities 40,927 65
Total Liabilities $806.996 78
INCOME. ~"
Net cash actually received for Flra
premiums $933.897 60
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 2.712 23
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and
from all other sources 21,469 74
Received for Rents 4.S30 43
Total Income $967,006 89
EXPENDITURES. . ~~ *""'
Net amount said for Fir* Losses
(Including $S1,U3 10, losses of MOHI
previous years) , $384,687 50
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(Including $— — . losses ot pre-
vious years) 2.196 81
Dividends .to Stockholder* 12,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 151,740 41
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 23,163 74
Paid for State. National and Local -*•"*••
taxes - 11,16133
AU other payments and expendi-
tures •. • 17,326 81
Total Expenditures $817,273 10
Losses Incurred during the year.. $404.710 65
Risks and Premiums. I Fire Risks. Premium*.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $83,323,082 $1,853,753 SS
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 60.180,822 808,909 29
Net - amount in force - •¦
December 31. 1002.. 77.171.509 1.166.701 27
E. C. JAMESON. Pres.
LYMAN CANDEE. gee.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 30th
day of January. 1903.
WM. L. LINDSAY. Notary Public.
EDWARD BROWN & SONS,
GENERAL AGENTS.
411 and 413 Califorla St.,
'\JfZ BAN FRANCISCO. CAI*VIE>TJ»A, Aug. 9. — E. Onna KIop. the his
torian, is dead at the age of 81.
MINNEAPOLIS, Aug. 9.-Artie Sims of
Akron. Ohio, and Charles Berry of Mil
waukee fought fifteen rounds to a draw
to-day In a ring pitched in the open woods
across the State line near Picola. WIs.
Prize Tight in the Open.
NEW YORK, Aug. 9.-Shamrock III. Sir
Thomas Upton's challenger, was taken
into the drydock without accident at tha
Erie basin to-day, and the work of get
ting her ready for the races was begun.
Shamrock III on Drydock.
CORBETT SEEKS SECLUSION".
Leaves His Training Quarters to
Avoid the Sunday Throng.
With the object of escaping the ques
tions, advice and gaze of several hundred
persons who wended their way to his
training quarters at Croll's Gardens, Ala
meda, yesterday, James J. Corbett took
refuge in a secluded place, where his ad
mirers and others who wanted to "get a
line" on the big boxer could not discover
him. Of late Jim has been pestered with
sports of all degrees, from the piker to
the plunger, who are looking for inside
"dope" on the coming fistic champion
ship battle. Others there are who stand
ready at all times to inform Corbett of
the weaknesses of Jeffries and of the only
sure way of fighting the swarthy boiler
maker. These wiseacres have taken vari
ous courses in forwarding their advice to
Corbett. Some of them have written to
the actor-boxer, others have called him
up on the telephone, others have at
tracted his attention for a moment and
have then taken him asdde to whisper
tactics to the man who has won and lost
the championship and who is bent on re
gaining it again. Corbett and his coach
ers expected yesterday the rush to Croll's
Gardens would be extra heavy, as it was
the last Sunday before th© fight. Their
expectations were realized. During the
day hundreds of young men and old men,
and ladles also went to the ex-cham
pion's training quarters, and all asked,
"Where is Corbett?"* They were told that
Jim bad gone out somewhere and would
not be around for the day. Corbett took
to the roads for easy sprints, but man
aged to keep out of sight of the throng
that wanted to see him at his camp.
During the .afternoon Frankie Nell, who
fights Harry Forbes Thursday night and
who is preparing himself at Croll's Gar
dens, boxed three rounds with Danny Sul
livan. The boys went at it with vigor in
the two final rounds and Nell gave every
Indication that he was In condition to
withstand a hard battle.
LISBON Aug. 9. — A violent earthquake
shook Lisbon and vicinity at 10 o'clock to-night.
The duration of the ehock was two minutes. It
produced a great panic and some damage, but
no fatalities have been reported.
While the latter professes great respect
for the prowess and skill of Corbett and
has advised friends East not to try to
guess the number of rounds the fight will
last. Jeff himself evidently figures it will
be a sharp, short battle. As evidence of
the fact that the champion's pile-driver
blows leave their effect, no matter wh*re
they land. Jack Jeffries was dazed the
other morning by a straight left which
caught him. on the crown of the head
while he was ducking blows. The same
morning big Joe Kennedy had one of his
shoulders temporarily desabled by a left
swing. Jeff Is naturally a southpaw, and
when he swings that left on the point it
generally scores a "strike." It is then
usually a case of "set 'em up in the other
alley."
Joe (Kid) Eagan and Mrs. Delaney
left here by today's stage. All arrange
ments have been made for the champion's
departure for Oakland on Wednesday
next, as before stated in these columns.
F. E. MULHOLLAND.
The only care of Billy Delanev from
now on until the nlcht of the big con
test will be to watch Jeff and see that no
accident befalls the chamDion. The big
fellow is the most unconcerned man here
and would just as soon crack walnuts on
a can of nitro-glycerine or do a sand shuf
fle in one of the powder magazines at
Vallejo so oblivious is he to fear. These
careless traits of Jeff are causing- deep
furrows to form in Jthe otherwise placid
features of Delaney. ..
HARBIN SPRINGS, Aug. 9,-Friday
was practically another day of inactiv
ity in the Jeffries camp. For that matter
the champion will indulge in no mere hard
work. He is satisfied with his condition
and so is Manager Billy Delanev.
Jeff logged down to Mlddletown and
back on Friday morning, after which he
simply killed time until evening. Then
he comprised one of a party of sixteen
that sat down to an impromptu banquet
arranged by John Marcovich, a close
friiand and heavy backer of Jeffries, to
celebrate the eighth wedding anniversary
of the former's marriage.
It came near being a stag party, for
besides Mrs. Marcovich, Mrs. Delaneyv
wife of Billy Delaney, was the only other
lady present. For this mountainous
region the menu reflected much credit on
the spring's chef, and the table finishers
quartet, Messrs. Mike Hallaban. Joe
Kennedy, Joe (Kid) Eagan and Jack Jef
fries, did' ample justice to the repast. Jim
Jeffries acted as master of ceremonies,
assisted by Proprietor Jim Hayes. Judge"
Qulnn of Emeryville, although a bachelor,
In a cleverly worded speech spoke know
ingly of the ecstatic bliss of wedded life,
and finally all tipped glasses to the toast,
"Long life and happiness to the host and
hostess." "Kid" Eagan gave Imitations of
Bobby Gaylor. and Joe Kennedy made a
hit by shouldering a broom and going
through the manual of arms as Interpreted
by Michael Joseph Conboy. Billy Delano
rendered a Scotch ballad with feeling and
sympathy; Mike Hallahan joined with a
smart talk on "Internal Disturbances of
the Stomach and their Causes" and Billy
Lyons closed with an original poem, "My
Wild Ride to Reno."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Match shoot by members of the Shell Mound
Park Pistol and Rifle Club— W. Guild 423. P.
Paulson 336, A. Thompson 373, F. II. Burr 3CU.
C. Paulson 331.
Company A. National Guard of California,
semi-annual State competition at 2OO. 3<v> and
60O yards — Lieutenant W. A. Varaey. 23. 21.
22; Lieutenant J. A. Eason. 22, 23. 23; First
Sergeant W. A. Homer. 21, 21, 23: Sergeant
C. J. <y Connor, 20, 18. 18; Sergeant D. O.
Schloss. 19, IS. 21; Sergeant H. C. Schwlnn.
23, 23, 24; Corporal B. Gordon, IS. 21, 12: Cor
poral C. Jensen. 20. 25, 19: Corporal George
Homer, 16. IB. 14; E. J. Boland. 16, 11. IS; H.
Stone. 21. 19. 18; C. W. Carpenter. 17. 24. 20;
P. A. Sctvwab. IS. 22. 18: F. Turton. 23. 22. 22;
F. Shaw. 13. 8, 8: W. Theilffard. 16. 17. 13; L.
F. Guertn. 24, 18, IT; E. Eneold. 16. 1«. 13;
E. Sablatchan, 15, 14* 12; R. Castle. IS. 24, 17;
O. McCarthy. 14, 14. 14; G. H. Smith, 10. IS.
24; V. J. Veckl, 12. 6. 12; W*. Ehrharn. 15. 5, 6;
A. Samuel.-. 21. 3. 10: A. Lien. 22. 16. 11; A.
Knowles. 14. 0. 9; Captain S. Nlppert, 25,
21, 23; M. Prince, 16. 13. 17.
Battery I>. First Battalion of Artillery. Na
tional Guard of California, semi-annual Stata
shooting at 200. 300 and 500 yards — Captain F.
V. Keesllng, 20, 13, 20; First Sergeant C. J.
Mund, 24, 24, 20; Sergeant C. W. Kuehn. 18.
15, 15; Sergeant E. D. Montrose. 19, 21. 16:
Corporal R. C. de To«, 25. 15^ 12: Corporal
H. A. BelllnKe. 16. IS, 19; Musician F. McFee.
12. 8. 7: C Thurston. 18, 22, 20; C. V. Touns.
12, 14, 16; E. Lamerdln. 22. 8, 0; C. A. Brook.
18. 16. 14; L. G. Macoulllard. 16, 17, 15; C. F.
Cutler. 17, 10, 9; A. A. Kaxner. 19. 13, 13: R.
IL Maler. 19, 17, 24; B. A. Palmer. IT. 10. 14;
J. B. White. 12. 10. 10: H. Jaeger. 15, 6. 14;
H. von Gelstefeld. 8. 13. 12; T. F, Cornyn.
22. 12. 14; L. Holm, IS. 5, 19; F. Nutting. 1*.
9, 10.
Independent Rifles, monthly medal shoot — H.
Relr-hardt 58. Dr J. Donovan 48. R. A. Morrla
25, J. H. Hayes 9, W. Cook 42, K. Wlchrowskl
41 H. Kuhlke 55. P. C. Peterson 60, C. Schil
ling 36. Sergeant H. Felge 53, Sergeant H.
Frederlckaon 22. H. Goeten Jr. 46. O. E.
Fricker 45. C. Ltndecker 46. J. H. Kuhlke 4i>.
Corporal H. Dietrich 2S. B. D. Hllkea 21. C.
Iverson 43, J. Schllchtmann 45, W. Wurz
bach 27.
The results in detail follow:
Ormania. Schuetzen Club, monthly competi
tion shoot— F. P. Schuster 227. Tb\ E- Mason
221. Otto Bremer 214. David Salflelu 210. M. F.
Blasse 208. Max Kolander 2t#. II. Huber 206,
F. Brandt 202. Ai Gehxet 225. XX B. KaJUor 211.
Medal shooting— First champion class. F. P.
Schuster, ~B; second champion class, >t. Ah
rens, 219; nrst class. H. StelUns. 213; second
class, W. Burkholder. 2O); third class, J. Beut
tler. 1S5; best last shot, D. B. Faktor, 25; best
last shot. F. P. Schuster, 25.
Xcrddeutscher Schuetzen Club, monthly bulla
«ye contest — K. P. Schuster 127 points; Her
man Huber 150. J. Lankenau 210. John de Wit
2-47, George H Bahrs 60U, David Salfletd 15.;;.
William Gottschallc 1573, William F. Garm»
1632. F. Koch 16M. v
San Francisco Schuetzen Vereln. monthly
medal shoot — Champion highest score, I). B.
Faktor, 440; champion first and second c!as».
not filled; third class. Henry Meyer. 387; fourth,
class. \V. F. Oarms. S75; best Orst shot. I>. B.
Faktor, 24; best last shot. August Jungblut. 23.
Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol Club, monthly
medal shoot — Re-entry expert class. C. M. Hen
derson 230, 216, 216, F. F. Schuster 22^. D. B.
Factor 221. 221. 21«; first class. W. F. Blass».
213- second class. Max Kolander, 201. 20O; club
trophy. C. M. Henderson 220. F. E. Mason 221,
D. B. Faktor 216, M. F. Blasse 211. O. A. Bre
mer 209. G. Armstrong 20S. M. Kolander 207,
W F. Blasse 202. W. H. Burkholder 2W>; gold
medals, O. A. Bremer 220. 219. F. E. Masoa
225; silver medal. G. Armstrong 212. 1S3, 19t>;
bars. M. Kolander 213, 211, 207. 20l>^ 201. VXS,
M. F. Blasse 210; revolver club trophy. W. C.
Prlchard 85; re-entry match. J. Ii. Trego S*.
85. W. F. Blasse 85. 85. W. Burkhoiaer 81. 77.
E. Sommervllle 74, C5; pistol club trophy. G.
E. Frahm SO, G. Armstrong 83. C. A. Becker
86, J. Kullmann 85, M. Blasse 82, B. Jonas 71,
M. Kolander 60. F. Lyons 62; re-entry match,
G. E. Frahm 01, 91, S5. G. Armstrong 91, 8H,
bS, SS. 85. 82. W. C. Prlchard 90. 90. F. V.
Kingston 80. W. F. Blasse 83. M. Kolander 67,
J. Kullmann 81. 87. 84. 83, 81. C. Scheible 85.
SS C. A. Becker 83. SS. 86. 81. 89. 87. S5. Wil
liam Proll 82, 85, 85. 8«. A. Thode 73, 70.
C. M. Henderson, in the expert class
of the Golden Gate Club, made the high
score of 230 rings and In the club trophy
match scored 226 rings.
There -was a hot time between N. Ah
rens and il. F. Blasse in the second
championship class shoot of the Germa
nia Club. Ahrens led off with the high
score of 213 rings and gave Blasse an up
hill flght for honors. Blasse proved eaual
to the occasion and after tbe last shot
was fired It was found that he had tied
Ahrens' 213 rings.
The scores made by the members of the
National Guard were not up to their us
ual average. Captain a. Nlppert of Bat
tery A did exceedingly well, making 23, a
and 23 rings at 200. SuO and 500 yards, re
spectively, which was the beat score
among the militia men. C. J. Mund of
Battery D was the highest man of tha
company, with 21, 24, 20 to his credit.
Captain A. Ackerman of Sacramento
was an Interested visitor to the range.
He Indulged in a shooting match wlta
his old comrade. Captain J. E. Klein. As
usual, Ackermann carried eff the honors
of the contest.
F. P. Schuster distinguished himself
yesterday at Shell Mound Park shooting
ranges. In the competition of the Ger
mania Club he scored 227 rings in his
ten-shot score and in the medal shoot
he carried off championship honors with
226 rings. He was also high man in the
bullseye shooting of the Norddeutscher
Club with the fine center of 127 points.
D. B. Faktor did excellent work in the
champion class of the San Francisco
Schuetzen Vercin. In his twenty-shot
string at the medal target he rolled up
the fine score of 440 rings.
Will Do but-Little Work
Between . Now and
Friday Night.
N. Ahrens and M. F. Blasse
Are a Tie in Champion
Class Shoot.
Apparently Figures a
Sharp Fight While
It Lasts.
Is High Man in Germania
Club and in Other
Organizations.
JEFF EXPECTS
A SHORT BATTLE
TARGET HONORS
FOR SCHUSTER
HAELEM ENTRIES.
CHICAGO. Aug. 9.— Weather clear; track
•low. Entries :
Flret race, four and a half furlongs— Van
HARLEM SELECTIONS.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean, -
First race — Instructor, William
Wright, Frank Carr. •
Second race — Paulaker, Golden
Link, Ceylon.
' Third race— Postmaster Wright,
Oronte, Orsina.
. Fourth race — Huzzah, Warte Nicht,
Bragg.
, Fifth race— Nannie Hodge, Witch
craft, Determination.
Sixth race— Cornwall, Bab, C. B.
Campbell. _ - - ' - •-.
By the New York Telegraph.
First race— Miss Eon, Margie S,
Varner.
Second race — Bride, Angelee,
Athena.
Third race^ — Immortelle, Chandoo.
TickfuL
Fourth race — Forehand, Tom Kiley,
Wreath of Ivy.
Fifth race — Menace, Lady Strath
more, I Know. ¦'
Sixth race— Miss Gould, Dotty
Shute, Ranchman.
ST. LOUIS SELECTIONS.
Sixth race, six furlongs, selling — Aylmer
Bruce 98. Ranchman 103. Lacache 95 Dottle
Shute 103, Tangent 108, Budwelser 100, Cres
sida 98. D'Arcy 100. Miss Gould 98, Custus 106
Harry Griffith 05. Sid Silver 105.
Fourth race, six farlongs, purse — Wreath of
Ivy OS, Tom Klley 105, Milklrk 100. Ralnland
118. Sadie Burch 98. Folles Bergeres 100 Fore
hand 115. (Milklrk and Forehand, George C.
Bennett entry.)
Fifth race, one mile, purse — Golden Glitter
103. Menace 103. Water Edge 105. I Know 103
Lady Strathmore 103. «
Third race, cne mile and seventy yards, sell
ing—Professor Neville 110, Exapo 88, Peaches
104, Mission 106. Certain 104, Howling Dervish
106, Chandoo 107. Class Leader 96, Daddy Ben
der ttC. Pay the Fiddler 106. Immortelle 91.
Tlckful 107.
First race, one mile and seventy yards, sell-
Ing — Dr. Jones 100. First One 99, Margie S 102,
Aransas J». Discord 97. Mis? Eon 91, Ultra
Vires 88. Varner 104. King's Sister 01. King's
Court 104, Sister Lillian 95, Eliza Cook 102.
Second race, five furlongs, selling — Sweet
Note 103, Llla Noel 100. Sweet Myrtle 95. Sar
tor Resartus IOC, Bride 10*;. Haven Run 109,
Tenom 100. Port Warden 109, Lona S 106 An
gelee 100. Leech 106. Athena 106.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 9. — Weather clear; track
elow. Entries:
ST. LOUTS ENTRIES.
Angels Bunch Hits.
The Cripples opthit the Angels during
the progress of the mornia? game at Oak
land, but ala*. they failed to bunch any
of them on Drinkwater. and therein lies
their tale of woe. Graham was found for
quite a nutntwr when men were on bases.
The Aceels had little difficulty In ham
mering in. five runs on as many hits. The
score.
Oakland— t Lo^Angelea —
AB. B~H. P. A.| AB. R. H. P. A.
OH»n.cf 3 O O 1 OITojr.ct... 3 2 15 0
Franks.s 3 0 0 0 3 Whelr.Cb 3 O O 2 1
Murfk.rf 3 0 2 10 Smith.3b 4 0 2 0 3
f-wrtz.3b 3 0 2 16 Dillon. lb 4 0 0 7 1
Baxter.2b 4 0 0 2 3 Cravh.rf 5 0 0 11
Kruger.lf 4 0 0 4 0 Ross.lf... 3 0 0 10
Lohman.c 4 0 15 1 roman.sv, 2 114 3
Mfirly.lbl 0 OH 0 Hurlbt,c S 1 0 7 1
Graham, r>*» 12 0 2 Drkwtr.p 3 110 1
Totals 30 1 7 27 15' Totals 30 5 5 27 11
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles I 0 0 0 2 O 0 0 2 — 6
•Base hits* 1 0 0 0 2 0 0 0 2 5
Oakland 0 0 1 O 0 O 0 0 0—1
Base hits 0 0 2 0 1 1 12 0—7
* SUMMART.
Stolen bases — Hoy. Smith. ErrorV-Graham
<2». Ross. Three-base hits — Hoy, Toman.
Fchwartz. Sacrifice hits — Dillon. Hoy. O'Hara
FlrEt base on .errors — Los Angele»"l. First
base on called balls — Off Graham 6. oft Drink
water 3. Left on ba*es — Oakland 7. Cos An
grles 9. Struck out — By Graham 2. by Drink
water 4. Hit by pitcher — Murdock. Hmith.
Tcman. Hurlburt. Double plays — Schwartz to
Messerly: Cravath to Hurlburt; Dillon to To
man to Dillon. Time of game — 1:50. Umpire
— O'ConnelL
INDIAN PLAYS GREAT BALL.
Sepia-Colored Pitcher of Portland
Prove* a Big Drawing Card
PORTLAND. Or., Aug. 9.— The Senators*
£-luck «U1 pursued them to-day when they
lost the Bcf-enth consecutive game to Portland
Sam Morris, the tin Perces Indian student,
was »n the box for Portland again to-day. He
prov«-d a KTeat drawing card, the largest crowd
«>vpt assembled on a ball field in this city beina
present. Cutter pitched winning ball, but his
support was poor. Morris, the Indian, was
»=tea<3y throughout and displayed good Judgment
at critical points in the game. Attendance,
10,000. Score:
Portland . ?.. .0*0 O1OOO2 1—4 H
Sacramento ..1001OO0O 1 — 3 9 4
ifatteriee — Morris and Vigneaux; Cutter and
Graham. Umpire— Levy.
SEATTLE, Aug. 9. — San Francisco won
to-day by heavy hitting. In the ninth Irwin
allowed two men to ecore in order to take Llnd
my out of the box and substitute Iberg, be
cause the former had walked the first two bat
ters and appeared rattled. Iberg allowed one
run after that, but won the game by striking
out Zinss&r with two men on bases. Score:
R. H. E.
F&c Frascisco.O 0031020 2—8 13 1
Seattle 2 0 0 0 2 0 0 0 3—7 7 6
Batteries— Lindsay, Iberg and Kelly; Hughej
and Boetttscr.
Sixth race— Gold Bell, Knight of
Rhodes, Carbuncle.
SARATOGA SELECTIONS.
By the New York Telegraph,
; First race— Divination, Grenada,
Graceful.
Second race — Ohnet, Foxhnnter,
Caller.
Third race — The Musketeer, Sigh
lander, Counterpoise.
Fourth race — Charles Elwood,
Caugnawaga, Hunter Raine.
Fifth race — Batts, Strephon,
Wotan.
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles on
turf, selling, three-year-olds and upward-
Conundrum 104. Florham Queen 85 Lord Ad
vocate 01. Knight of Rhodes 98, St. Sever 93,
Easy Street 103. Gold Bell 91 Carbuncle 98,
Orloff 101.
Fifth race, six furlongs, handicap, two-year
olds— Abbell 122. Divination 119 Bobadll 118
Long Shot 118. Cascine 115. Champlain 114,
Highball 114. Strephon 112 Wotan 112 Batts
112. Juvenal Maxim 111. Rockaway lil Re
veille 10*.
Third race, seven furlongs, selling the Cat
skill, three-year-olds and upward— Trinity Bell
106. Vlncennes 108. Conundrum 10S Unmasked
118. Castallan 107, Knight of Rhodes 1C8, Royal
116. Elsie L^06. Tarn O"Shanter 114 Counter
poise 103. The Musketeer 111, Duelist 103
Highlander 111. Carbuncle 108. Virgin Soil 100
Fourth race, one and a quarter miles handi
cap, all ages — Hunter Ralne 114. Caughnawaga
109. Charles Elwood 107 Injunction 102 Car
buncle 100, Circus 93, Irascible 92
First race. flVe and a. half furlongs, for fillies
and geldings, two-year-olds — Naughty Lady 92
Merry Moments 102, Graceful 111 Coal Black
Lady 102. Grenada 111. Adlrutha 102. Sweet
Gretchen 111. Standard 102 Divination 111,
Palette 102. Hippocrates 102.'
Second race, steeplechase, short course four
year-olds and upward — Foxhunter 156, Big Gun
155. Daryl 147. Enright 140. Ohnet 140. Holland
139. Caller 1S5. Amur 1S5. Your Grace 130.
Manillan 130.
SARATOGA. Aug. 9— Weather clear; track
good. Entries: •
SARATOGA ENTREES.
Third race, one mile, selling. Riverside stake
— Poatmaater Wright 114, Serge 08, Lady
Matchless 03. Oronte 03. Orslna 02.
Fourth race, one and a sixteenth miles, han
dicap — Luclen Appleby 100. Brag-g 107, The
Conquerer II 106. Hargls 103. Brulare 105,
Warte Nlcht 101. Bondage 101. Huzzah 66,
Bessie McCarthy 98. (Bondage and Huzzah,
Arthur's entry.)
Fifth race, five furlongi — Witchcraft 110,
Kannia Hodge 110, Maggie . Leeber 104, Doiica
104. Shaltan 100. Florence Fonso 100. Seven
Oaks 100 Falcon's'' Pearl 100, Determination
100 Viola 100 Oayosa 100. Maiwells 100, Miss
Coughlln 100 Susie Christian 100. Away Right
100 Pocasset 100. .
Sixth race, one mile, selling— Port Jarvis 112
Moablna 105, Cornwall 104, O'Hagen 105. Peat
107 Big Ben 103. Flaunt 102, C. B. Campbell
102* Bab 100. Louisville 100. Prodigal Son 97,
Lord Melbourne 96. The Forum 90. Kllmorie 94
Martin 91. ...
Second race, handicap steeplechase, short
course— Golden Link 160. Duke- of York 160,
Ceylon 163 Imperialist 149, Paulaker 137. Fa
lella 134. Lingo 130. Mr. Rose 125. Slap. Dash
125. N •
Hope 118. Sky Pilot 118. Knverlto 118. King
Ellsworth 118. ¦ Oleometer 118. Klelnwood 118.
Bill Walters 113 Alamansor 113 Charlie Slade
116, Instructor 116. Pond 116, Chockayotte 112,
William Wright 108. Louis Kraft 108. Frank
Carr 108.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 9,-lna race of
spectacular interest held to-day off Ocean
Park, the yacht Venus, owned by Com
modore Herbert Pease, once mpre demon
strated her superiority over the other
boats of the South Coast Club's fleet
by finishing the triangular course of five
miles fully six minutes ahead of j the
Marie, her nearest opponent. The Czarina,
which is one of the smallest yachts In
the club, finished less than a minute be
hind the Marie, and will be recorded sec
ond place in the regatta on time allow
ance. > >~
In Spectacular Race Off Ocean. Park
Commodore Pease's Yacht
Wins Easily.
VENUS PROVES FASTEST
OF SOUTH COAST FLEET
The puppy stake was won by Raby Au
rora, a daughter of Rocker-Flerv Face.
Fancy Free was runner-up. In the semi
final round Raby Aurora beat McVey, the
1 to 4 choice. The results in detail with
( the official scores follow:
Puppy ptake — Duhallow beat Irish Lad. 6-4;
Ragtime beat Dartaway, 3-0; Raby Aurora
beat rtS*e Tree. 12-6; Gunpowder a bye, Rich
ard Antone. withdrawn: Racing Auto beat Bn
eore, 22-15; Irvlngton Tralee^eet Rocker Arm,
6-4; McVey beat Ethel P. 6-1; Gunfire beat
Cloverdale, which waB thought to have
the stake at his mercy, was beaten by
Eagle in the fourth 'round in a flukey
course. Cloverdale was a 1 to 8 favor
ite.
Tillie R and. Ragged Actor were run
ning at the time of the accident. They
were sent back to slips and ranthAr trial
a second time. Judge P. J. ReUly was
among the spectators and was pressed
into service in the saddle. His decisions
gave satisfaction.
Hounds from James Sweeney's kennel
captured both stakes. The open event
went to Rubber Ankles, which beat Rec
tor in the deciding course by a score of 14
to 0. Rector was a 4 to 5 favorite. In the
semi-final rounds Lord Brazen was made
a 1 to 3 favorite over Rubber Ankles.
The latter beat him by a score of 3 to 0.
He fell as if shot and Judge Grace was
thrown under him. not having time to
make a move to save himself. Neither
horse nor man moved a muscle and the
horrified SDectators thought both had
been killed. A number of men, ran to the
assistance of Judge Grace and had to lift
the horse off his body. He was at once
removed to his home, whefe Dr. i^eonard
found he had broken his collar bone and
had the ribs crushed on his left side. It
will be three days before the full extent
of his injuries can be determined.
Judge Grace has judged fully 100,000
courses, covering a period of thirty years.
In all this desperate riding over all kinds
of Held!;, he has been injured but twice.
Each time it was by his favorite horse
which he has ridden during the past four
years.
Ptolpri base* — Toman. 8ohwartz. Error* —
Franck* O. Jiarker. Lehman. Toman. Two
haw hits — Wtapeler. Corbett, Cravath. Sacri
fice hits — Francks. Wheeler. First baBe on er
rors—Oakland 1. Lob Angeles 3. First base on
called balls— Off Cooper. 5: off Corbett. 2. Left
on baf=ee — Oakland 6. Los Anxeles 7. Struck
out— By Corbett. 4. Hit hr pitchy — Lohman.
TV>uble play* — Franck* to Messerly,^ Wheeler to
Toman to Dillon. Time of R»me — One hour and
thirty minutes. T."mp!r«v— O*ConneIl. -'-.'.,
AB. Jl. H. P. A.' AB. R. H. PA. ,
Hoy. cf. 4 1. O 4 : O 3 O O 0 0
Wh*lr.2b 4 O 2 2 4 ?r*nckB.n 3 0 113
Fmlth. 3b 5 O 1 1 O Murdlcrf 4 O 1 3 O
DJllon. 3t> S O © 12 1 Brhrtz.3b 3 O O 1 3
'"ravth.rf 4 2 1 O 1 Baxt«?r.2b 4 © 1 3 2
Rom, If. 3 0 0 1 © Kruger.lf 4 0 « 5 «
Toman, s 4 1 2 3 7 Lchmn. c 2 0 0 1 0
Fpi«<, c. 3 1 0 4 1 Mes'ly.lb 3 0 1 IS 0
Corbett.p 3 2 10 1 jOooper. p 3 0 1 0 2
Totals. S5 7 T 27 15 Totals. 29 0 5 27 10
PX.VR AND HITS PT INNINGS.
Lo? Anjreles 002 10400 0 — 7
Bas* hits 10220200 0— 7
Oakland 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 O 0—0
Ba« hits 0 0012100 1—5
srMMAirr.
Wheeler, at this Juncture, landed flush
on the solar plexus of a slow curve and
nway it soared to center field, with Cor
bett and Toman on a mad chase to the
plate, where they both arrived in safety.
Then Smith tried the chop Btunt to
Francks. Buck fumbled ence more and
Hoy came in during the uproar and the
mixup which followed this second error.
The score:
Los Angele* — f Oakland —
In the third fpasm, a run came home
for the visitors. Spies was passed and
Crbett let loose a double to left field.
Hoy hit to Baxter, who fumbled the ball,
allowing Spies to register. Smith shoved
a slow one past Messerly and Corbett
landed. During the next round. Cravath
found Cooper for a solid double to right
and Tomaa resnonded with a sinde to
Fhort center field. Toman started to steal
and Peter Lnhman threw badly to second,
so Cravath had little trouble in reaching
lhr> P9S3.
The Anpels came through with the real
hig- pet-away in the seventh spasm. Cra
vath was passed and Toman again fol
lowed with TjIs little hit to center. Spies
was retired easily, but Corbett got four
balls and the bags could hold no more.
Hoy chopped in the direction of short and
FYaneks booted the ball. Cravath scoring.
Cooper was not h'.mself apparently. The
Angels managed to get to him in bunches
of a few at a time, and just at the right
time generally. Then he issued a pass
occasionally, and several of the?e result
ed in runs. Cooper's pitching was great
when compared with the support accord-
M him. Errors always happened when
men were on the sacks and let in most
of the runs.
Brother Joe allowed the Cripples five
scattered hits. In no inning did he let
them bunch more than one at a time 6a ve
in the fifth.. Then they squeezed two in
on him, but they counted no more than
1f not a one was scored. walked a
pair of Cripples in the opening round,
hut after that refused to be worked by
any mere batters.
Joe Corbett is the man who was always
in the way and ready to block the pro
jrress of the Cripples in their vain at
tempts to reach the rubber in the after
neon game. He had a good day and
pitched ball that would -have won glory
for him upon any ball field in the coun
try. He received support that could not
heve been made to order and fitted the
occasion as well.
The Angels performed well In both bat
tles—so well that the Cripples scored but
a paltry run in a total of eighteen full
innings of play. The hitting for the day
was lipht. but the fielding of the Angels
•was bright enough to offset the den
cie-r.cy.
Morley'a collection of Angels performed
their last week's work well at Recreation
l'ark. and with light hearts they will
have for Sacramento to-day. They de-
Jrated the Cripples twice yesterday and
gave them a beating which left little con
eolation for the vanquished. At Oakland
the score happened 5 to 1. The afternoon
result "was even more liu ml lla ting— 7 to 0.
"SV. L. Pcut W. L. Pet.
Los Ansele*.74 42 .C3SlPcrtland M» 69 .400
San Fran <B» S2 .370'fceattle 5<J <52 .440.
facraxnento -5a OS .a»ii| Oakland 50 77 .391
(Pacific Coast League.)
STANDING OF TUB CLUBS,
Xo one takes seriously the story that
George Smith (Plttsburg Phil) will leave
the turf. Instead of quitting it is known
that he is attempting to have his rights
As. an owner of thoroughbreds restored to
him. There will be a meeting of the stew
ards of the Jockey Club this week, at
which Smith's application for reinstate
ment will be considered. The stories of
his sensational winnings yesterday on
Hermis and Aristrocracy were in no way
exaggerated. The lowest estimate of the
amount of his winnings on Aristrocracy
placed the sum at $40,000. "Phil" himself
merely says that he won his largest
wager of the last five years.
The disqualification of Hermis yesterday
after he had scored a hollow victory in
the first race and the giving of 'the purse
to Major Dalngerflcld has caused much
comment. It was believed that Million
aire Thomas' long string of hard luck had
at last broken, and this new misfortune
was regretted by turfgoers generally, who
want to see the enthusiastic young turf
man succeed. However, the stewards say
no other course was left open to them, as
the horse was entered In the name of the
new partnership of Thomas & Shields,
when that firm had not yet been officially
registered. The disqualification' of Her
mis did not affect his backers, as bets
were paid on the result of the race as it
was run and as announced in the ring.
The action of the stewards was not made
public until late last night.
It is reported that Chuctanunda is hope
lessly broken down, and the famous
sprinter probably has been seen in the
bands of the starter for the last time.
SARATOGA, N. Y.. Aug. 9.-Captain S.
S. Brown said to-night that he would
match his colt Broomstick against J. E.
Madden's Aristocracy, the winner of the
Saratoga Special, and would wager $10,000
to JSOOO on his colt. Inasmuch as W. C.
Whitney has always encouraged special
races this is considered a splendid chance
to bring about a renewal of the big race
of yesterday, the only objection being the
state of the track at present.
It is said that an effort will be made to
obtain permission to bridge Union avenue
and build a straightaway racetrack, so
that races of the value and importance of
tbe Saratoga Special and other rich stakes
for two-year-olds may be run without
danger of interference.
In eplte of the weather.ewhich has made
the Saratoga track one of the worst ever
known, the present meeting is having
phenomenal success, and the play in the
betting ring is becoming remarkable for
Its recklessness. Official announcement
has been made that on the opening day
(last Monday) the J|»ceipts of the Sara
toga Racing Association were larger by
almost $4000 than they were on the open-
Ing day a year ago. Then on Wednesday,
in spite of the rain, the receipts exceeded
those of the third day of last year, which
was bright and pleasant, by more than
rsOO. Yesterday's attendance was a rec
ord breaker.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Cooper Suffers a Worse De
feat Than His Pitching
Warrants.
Saratoga Stewards to Con
sider "Pittsburg Phil's"
Reinstatement.
Joe Corbett Keeps the
Cripples. Prom Mak
ing a Run.
Captain Brown Will Pit
Broomstick Against
Aristocracy.
ANGELS TRIUMPH
IN BOTH GAMES
WANTS TO MATCH
TWO FAST COLTS
Dress suit case, grip or telescope basket,
we can please > you .in: both * quality, and
Srlce. Leather Goods Department. San
orn. Vail& Co.; 741 Market street. •
If You Need a Trunk,
DEAUVILLE, France.. Aug. 9.— W. K.
Vanderbllfs Marigold to-day ran third in
the Prix Ch«min?der Fer.
VICHY, France, Aug. 9.— W. K. Vander
bllt's Alpha^with Nash Turner up, to-day
won the Grand Prix du Cercle, worth $20,
ooo.- •. . : :
Vanaerbilt's Alpha "Wins.
NEWPORT, R. I.,- Aug. 9.— The cup
yacht Reliance, stripped of all sails, was
towed . to Bristol to-night by the tender
Sunbeam. It was noticed during her
brush with the Constitution on Sunday
that her new -mainsail did not set prop
erly, and the necessary alterations will be
made at Brislbl.' The Constitution will be
towed to New London to-morrow and put
out of cmomlsslon. v <
Reliance Goes to Bristol.
¦ • ¦' ' -^ It. H. E.
Cincinnati ., 6 8 1
SJ. Louis 2 10 2
Batteries — Hahn and Haberer; Murphy and
Ryan. Umpire — O'Day. •
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
CHICAGO. Aug. 9.— Chloago defeated Pitts
burg to-day in a close game by timely hitting,
clever sacrificing and good base running. Tay
lor kept the visitors guessing 'all the way
through except' in the ninth, when they fell on
him for two doubles and a single. Attendance,
15,000. Score:
_, . .-¦.¦. • R. H. E.
Chicago -.-.'. 4 10 1
Plttsburg 3 11- ' 0
Batteries— Taylor and Kilns; 'Kennedy and
Smith. Umpire — Moran.
CINCINNATI. Aug. 9.— Cincinnati took the
first Sunday game of the season at home to
day from St. Louis by their timely hitting.
Halm. was hit more than Murphy, but he kept
the hits well scattered. / Attendance, • 0500.
Score: . .
St. Louis 13 3
Batteries— Whlto and Slattery; Sievera and
Kaho«
CHICAGO. Au*. 0.— White vai at his best
and but for Tannehlll's error In the first in
nlnff would have scored a shut-out. ¦ Three
scattered hits was the best the visitors could
do. Chicago scored twice in the third oji
three singles and a sacrifice and added another
in the eighth on Callahan's three-bagger and
Wallace's error. Attendance; 4S00. Score:
Chicago ., .... ...^' "' E 3
but for Tnnehill's Error
in rirst. ' |
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
Chicago Would Have Scored Shut-Out
ST. LOUIS LOSES SUXTDAY
GAME rN" WINDY CITY
Ploughboy, 4-3; Fancy Free a bye. Happy
withdrawn- Spring Valley beat Matapon, 8-4;
Balendlne neat Rocklln Boy. 10-4.
Second round — Raby Aurora beat Duhallow.
8-3; Ragtime beat Gunpowder, 7-2; Irvlngton
Tralee a bye Racing Auto withdrawn: McVey
beat Gunfire. 4-2; Fancy Free beat Spring Val
ley. 21-2; Balendlne & bye.
Third round — Raby Aurora beat Ragtime,
3-2; McVey beat lrvlngton Tralee. 4-3; Fancy
Free beat Balendlne, 8-7.
Fourth round — Raby Aurora beat McVey,
12-6; Fancy Free a bye.
Deciding course — Raby Aurora beat Fancy
Free 8-0.
Open atake — Tralee Boy beat Clarice. 6-1 :
Fair Oaks bent Adonis. 13-7: Algle McDonald
beat Minnie Horgan. 6-0; , Mickey Free beat
Sacramento Boy. tt-2; Honest John beat Flying
Pasha 12-1; America beat Flying- Fox. 6-6;
Gambit beat Game Boy. 5-0; Tillle R beat
Ragged Actor. 5-0; Silver Heels beat Bonnie
Pasha 14-5; Sempronius beat Reckless Acro
bat 0-6; Liberator beat Queen's Motto, S-S:
Rubber Ankles beat Falsa Alarm. 6-0; Presidio
Boy beat Old Ironsides. 8-3; Lord Braien beat
Concord Boy 6-0; Pretty Face beat Brilliancy,
4-2; Real Article beat Vandal. 3-2; Full Moon
beat Minnie Sankey, 7-2; Pepper Hill beat
Fenll. 0-0; Golden Light beat Rural Artist.
6-3; Fair Tralee beat lone Hill. 0-5; Red Rock
beat Cluster. 7-1 ; Fontenoy beat Free From
Flaw. O-3; Money Musk beat Our Motto. 12-4;
Rector beat Cremo 5-0; Pomona beat Bylvan,
10-7; Mi Amlgo beat Roman Athlete, 3-3:
Eagle beat Free Born, 2-0; Wattles boat Mod
est Beauty - 10-7: Cloverdale beat Haphazard,
3-2; Manhattan King a bye. Barge withdrawn.
Second round — Tralee Boy . beat Fair Oaks,
6-1; Mickey Fre« beat Algie McDonald. 16-2;
Honest John beat America. 7-1: Gambit beat
Tillle R. 4-3; Silver Heels beat Sempronius,
6-O; Rubber Ankles beat Liberator, 6-2; Lord
Brazen beat Presidio Boy, 9-6; Real Article
beat Pretty Face. 12-7; Pepper Hill beat- Full
Moon, 8-6; Fair Tralee beat Golden Light, 12-1;
Red Rock beat Fontenoy, 4-0; Rector a bye,
Money Musk withdrawn; Ml Amlgo beat Po
mona. 0-7; Easle beat Wattles, 4-0; Clover
dale b^at Manhattan Kins'. 6-3.
Third round — Mickey Free beat Tralee Boy,
2-O; Silver Heels beat Honest John. 4-0; Rub
ber Ankles beat Gambit. 7-4; Lord Brazen beat
Real Article, 9-5; Fair Tralee beat Pepper Hill,
6-2; Rector beat Red Rock, 5-2; Eagle beat
Mi Amlgo, 8-6; Cloverdale a bye.
Fourth round— Rubber Ankles beat Mickey
Free, 5-0; Lord Brazen beat Silver Heels, 8-0;
Rector beat Fair Tralee, 9-0; Eagle beat Clo
verdale, 8-3.
Fifth round — Rubber Ankles beat Lord Bra
zen, 3-0: Rector beat Eagle, 10-5.
Deciding course — Rubber Ankles beat Rec
tor. 14-0.
SANTA ROSA, Aug. 9.— The Santa Rosa
baseball team. \ and - the Royals of San
Francisco played ? a game of baseball at
Recreation Park this afternoon, which re
sulted in a tie score. At the end of the
ninth inning the .score stood 11 to 11. and
the visitors not having . time to play an
other i inning; and .catch • their ; train ' for
home,. called the ' game ; off. The tie will
be played off in tbe near future.
Ball Game Results in Tie Score.
R. H. E.
Butte 0 2 2 0 0 1 5 1 x— 11 8 0
Salt Lake 0 0 0 0 0 0 10 0— .1 9 2
: Batteries— Dowllng, and Henry; Quick and
Anderson. Umpire— Huston.- -
R. H. E.
Seattle i 1 0 0 1 0 2 0 x— 8 10 0
Helena ,.000020200—4 54
¦ Batteries— Hickey . and Pringle; Thompson
and Carrisch. . Umpire— Colgan,
BUTTE. ¦ Mont.. Aug. 9.— Timely hitting by
Brine, coupled with errors on the part of Salt
Lake, gave to-day's game to the Miners.
Score: .
Los Angeles ...300001000—4* 0* 4
Tacoma ........3 10_3 0 0 0 0 x— 7. 9 3
Battcrlfs— Vhatcher. Johnson and Hildebrand;
Loucks and Byers. - Umpire — Caruthers.
SEATTLE. Wash., Aug.- 0. — Hlckoy was in
fine form to-day. His support was perfect.
Score :
SPOKANE. Wash.. Aug. 9.— In a batters'
battle San Francisco won to-day's game from
Spokane. Zearfoss; the- Pirate's catcher, was
taken .from .the field by officers - under orders
from Umpire Warner. Twice, during the game
the j Indians had bases full, but men at the
bat failed to make good and ' chances to even
the score were lost. Score : '
R, H. E.
San Francisco. .3 0012020 2 — 10 IB 3
Spokane 10 0113 001 — 7 10 6
Batteries— -Stovall, Zearfoss and .' Weaver;
Slagle and • Hanson. ¦
TACOMA; Wash.. Aug. 9.— Vess Loucks was
too much for - Los I Angeles • to-day after tbe
first inning, when , two : doubles and a pair of
singles gave them three runs. The Tigers
batted Thatcher out of the box In three in
nings. Johnson, who replaced him. was fairly
effective, .but lacked control. • Attendance. 2100.
Score: - • . , ¦
(Pacific National League.)
W. L. Pet. W. I* Pet.
Butte 61 83 .610 San Fran.... 63 40 .619
Los Angeles. 62 39 .013 Tacoma .....43 S7 .430
fpokane .....57 44 .064 Helena ......37 59 .383
Seattle ...... 64 46 .510 Salt Lake.... 11 25 .305
Orders Him Off the Field at Spokane
for Insubordination.
STANDING OP THE CLUBS.
made a good showing also, and It seems
Owner Jones will keep his word and have
his dogs within the money from now on.
Palo Alto, the champion, was figured a
likely one for stake honors, but was put
out of the running in the fourth round by
Jerry O'Shea's Young. Fearless after an
undecided course. The talent went to
Geary's courser in good shape, giving 3
to 1 that he would outpoint his younger
opponent. Not only did the campaigner
suffer defeat, but when the flag went up
the hero of many a stake returned to his
kennel without a point to his credit.
In tha veteran stake .CXShea's' Young
America beat Arthur Massey's Hadlwlst
for first honors.
Following are the day's results, with
Judge Thomas Tierney'a official scores: '
Op«n stake, second . round — Prompto beat
Prairie Maid, 6-0; Medley beat Bright For
tune, 6-1; Special beat Little Mercy, 8-S; White
Buck beat King's Pride, 5-0; Golden Rule beat
Miss Wilson, 0-0; Una beat Jack Short, 7-«;
Little Lucy beat Krishna. 8-1; Idaho Boy beat
Master Rocket, 3-2; Young Fearless beat Beta
S. 5-1; Lily Wright beat Homer Boy, 0-7:
Palo Alto'beat Preclta Maid, 11-4; May Herap
etead beat Kettleman, 0-0; Wedgewood beat
Royal Friend, 4-0; Harlean Gladys beat Thel
ma, 6-1; Otto. beat Mary Ann, 6-1; Master
Clair a bye: Terah beat Mollle Me, 13-7; Artic
ulate beat Rlenzi, 3-2; Frisky Barbara a bye;
Vina beat Rock and Rye. 20-4; Golden Garter
beat Ouida, 11-7; Firm Fellow beat Cascade.
6-2; Slievenamon beat Aggie W, 5-4: Ruby San
key beat May Flush, 6-0; Creswlck. beat Me-
Henry, 8-4; Manru a bye.
Third round — Prompto beat Medley, 4-0; Spe
cial beat White Buck, 12-0; Golden Rule beat
Una, 4-0; Idaho Boy beat Little Lucy, 3-2;
Young Fearless beat Lily Wright, 4-2; Palo
Alto beat May Hempstead, 5-1; Wedgewood
beat Otto, 6-0; Harlean Gladys beat Master
Clair. 0-1; Articulate beat Terah, 5-3; Vina
beat Frisky Barbara, 4-1; Firm Fellow beat
Golden Garter, 13-4; Slievenamon beat Ruby
Sankey, 6-3; McHenry beat Manru, 6-1.
Fourth round— Special beat Prompto, 6-*;
Golden Rule beat Idaho Boy, 0-6; Young Fear
less beat Palo Alto, 5-0; Wedgewood beat Ar
ticulate, 7-1; Harlean Gladys beat Vina. 6-2;
Firm Fellow beat Slievenamon, 8-2; McHenry a
bye.- ,
Fifth round — Special beat Golden Rule, 7-5;
Wedge wood beat Young Fearless, 6-3; Harlean
Gladys beat McHenry, 6-0; Firm Fellow a bye.
Sixth round — SDeclal beat Wedgewood, 8-6;
Harlean Gladys beat Firm Fellow, 11-2.
Deciding course — Harlean Gladys beat Spe
cial. 6-2.
Veteran stake, second round — Warburton beat
Jennie Wilson. 26-4 ; Young America beat
Royal Flush, 8-4; Hadlwlst a bye.
Third round — Warburton . withdrawn.
Deciding- course — Young America beat Hadl
wi«t, 8-3.
UMPIRE PUNISHES ZEARFOSS.
for herself in going through the
open event yesterday at Ingleside Cours
ing Park. Her . kennel mate and brother,
HARLEAN GLADYS has rounded
into the form that carried her
through many a hard stake in
the past. [ She made easy work
TJtLE BA.JN • xl xtA-N OXSCO ¦• CA.XiIj, MONDAY^ ¦ AiXJGrXJST » 1O, - 3.903*
Unusual Character f of the - Accident and Its Suddenness Surprises
Spectators at Union j|GoajEsrag Park— J. Sweeney Takes Two
Stakes — Harlean Giai^^jaodl Young America Win at Ingleside
HORSE FALLS WITH JUDGE JOHN GRACE
BADLY INJURING VETERAN OFFICIAL
SPORTS OF THE RACE TRACK, THE RING, THE DIAMOND AND THE FIELD
FOR the second time within the
present year Judge John Grace,
the veteran coursing official, was
seriously Injured yesterday by his
horse falling on the field at Union
Park. i
The latest accident was of an unusual
character. The spectators were watching j
the greyhounds and did not see it occur,
but the Injury to the horse makes It plain.
It is evident the horse. In his effort to get
over the ground, overreached himself.
He struck his left foreleg at the knee "
with his hind leg, breaking one of the
small bones. '
JUDGE GRACE AND HIS FAVOR
ITE HORSE. WHICH FELL, IN
JURING HIM SERIOUSLY.
6
A Tit/ f TtT7R'PpM"p;Tq t T«» l
HAVANA CIGARSLois raft from Astoria, in tow tugs Tatooeh
and Sea Lion.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
OUTSIDK, BOUND IX, MIDXIGHT
SPOKANE. Aug. 9.— A special to the
Spokesman-Review "from Garfleld, Wash.,
says: J. E. Brown, a prominent real es
tate dealer, fatally shot Thomas Turn
bow, another real estate agent, on the
streets of Garfleld to-day. Turnbow can
not live and Brown was hastened to Col
fax and lodged in the County Jail to pre
vent lynching. Feeling against Brown is
very bitter. The cause of the shooting
is not stated.
Lynching May Follow Shooting.
Yesterday morning T. S. Knuckles, a
colored stableman, living at the Federal
lodging-house, Pacific and Stockton streets,
viciously attacked A. Renard, the night
watchman, and if it had not been for the
timely arrival of Corporal Sylvester and
two of his men Renard might have been
killed. Knuckles was arrested on a charge
of battery and a physician was called to
attend to Renard's Injuries. Knuckles
and his wife had been asked by Renard
to leave the lodging-house and Knuckles
Immediately attacked Renard.
Attacks a Watchman.
The South End Boat Club crew will be
made up of George Callopy. George Bates,
Gus Carson and«Robert MacArthur.
The Ariel Club representatives will be
E. J. Lynch, Ed Smith, Tom Keegan and
Charles Wilson.
The Dolphin Boat Club four-oared
barge crew did not put in its appearance
at the appointed hour for the trial race
yesterday over the old Mission Bay
course. As but two crews appeared and
two were to be selected to go to the As
toria regatta they qualified without a con
test.
Crews Qualify for Astoria Regatta.
the purchase of land first made across the
way from the Hunter property, and go ahead,
if It shall be granted a franchise for a spur
track. The talk about "death trap" at the
crossing is all bosh. At the most there will be
a few freisht cart moved over the crossing
once a day. Yet It was proposed by those
fighting this yard subject that we should build
a line a mile and a half long- up Parker street,
crossing the Santa Fe tracks and the San Pablo
avenue electric line. I . will leave it to any
honest Judgment whether the Parker street
proposition is not immeasurably more danger
ous than this spur crossing. There was no
talk of "death trap" when the Oakland Tran
sit Company waa given a franchise to parallel
our - tracks on Shattuck avenue, so that . their .
fast-running electric trains should whizz by
our depots, with not room enough for a person
to stand between the two tracks. : .' -/• ..
Coming back to the matter of the track
crossing, r can ' only- say that the work ¦ Is ,be
ing done by the Oakland Transit Company and
Is . done by them , because they recognise that
the track is our track. -.'-."."¦
Yesterday Frank Maguire and William
Lee were booked at the City Prison by
Detective Reynolds and Policeman Mitch
ell on a charge of grand larceny. They
are accused of being the two men who
drove up to E. Boschettl & Co.'s grocery
at 15SS Bush street last Monday morning
and while Magulre remained outside In
the buggy Lee entered the store and told
BoFChettl that a. man outside wanted a
$5 gold piece for silver. While Boschetti
was kept talking with Maguire Lee. it
is alleged, stole $200 from the safe. Ma
guire was out on bonds/ while awaiting
trial in the Superior Court for a similar
crime at Eighteenth and Dolores streets,
last December.
Booked for Grand Larceny.
Mrs. Annie Dahl. the woman who
created the wild scene in her room at the
Grand Hotel on Saturday night and who
is confined In a cell in the Detention Hos
pital pending her examination before the
Commissioners of Insanity, became vio
lent yesterday. Her husband and' other
friends called to soe her. but she did not
seem to care about their presence. She
prayed and talked to herself In the cell.
This is the second attack of dementia
the patient has suffered. She was an in
mate of Agnew's Asylum about seven
years ago, and was discharged as cured.
In her hallucination she imagines that a
visit to a church would restore her to her
mother, who is dead.
Becomes Violent While Confined in
Cell Awaiting Examination by
Lunacy Commission.
MRS. ANNIE DAHL SUFFERS
AN ATTACK OF DEMENTIA
TWO DAYS OF FIGHTING.
One Hundred and Sixty Killed in th»
Krushevo Engagement.
LONDON, Aug. 10.— The Times this
morning prints a dispatch from Sofia, Bul
garia, dated yesterday, saying that the
insurgents held the town of Krushevo.
twenty-three miles northwest of Monastlr,
for two days, and withdrew only after se
vere fighting with the Turkish troops, in
which 150 were killed on both sides. The
report says that the status of the revolu
tionary committee forbid Insurgents to
touch peaceful Mohammedans of either
sex. and that therefore the reports ema
nating from the Turkish Government that
they killed Mohammedan women and chil
dren in five Turkish villages In the Kas
toria district are untrue.
Charles Interviews Francis Joseph.
VIENNA. Aug. 9.— Charles I, King of
Roumania, arrived at Ischl to-day and
had an interview with Emperor Francis
Joseph. M. Gotuchowski, the Austrian
Premier, being present. It Is supposed
that the situation in the Balkans was the
subject of the discussion. The Emperor
will return here on Wednesday.
Flouring Mill Changes Hands.
PORTLAND, Or.. Aug. 9.— The Orejcon
ian tc-morr<>w will say: The Portland
Flouring Mills Company or this city has
purchased the entire plant of the Everett
Roller Mills at Everett, Wash. This mill
was built about two years ago by capital
ists connected with the Everett Lai.-ft
Company and Is said to be one of the
finest on the Pacific Coast. Its present
capacity is 850 barrels per day. but the
new owners will immediately Increase it
to 2000 barrels per day.
Cossacks Patrol Kieff's Streets.
KIEFF, Russia, Aug. 9.— Tramway
traffic has been resumed, but the streets
are still patrolled by Cossacks and in
fantry, and stringent measures have been
taken to prevent the workmen assembling;
The taverns are closed and most of the
bakeries are idle.
Bryan in a Railroad Wreck.
ST. LOUIS. Aug. 9.— W. J. Bryan was
severely shaken, but escaped injury. In
a small wreck on the Southern Railroad,
near Mount Vernon, 111., to-day. While
running at full speed the train ran Into
an open switch, and was delayed s«rr«ral
hours. HI9B
At the gathering the. union men will
endeavor to. bring about a meeting be
tween the police authorities, gas com
pany and Board of Underwriters, with a
view of settling the present difficulties. A
movement Is also on foot to induce the
Mayor to take some part in restoring
peace between the linemen and their em
ployers.
There is as yet no change In the line
men's strike, though from all appear
ances the men arp anxious to bring about
a compromise, and if the terms are satis
factory the strike may possibly be set
tled. It was decided yesterday by the
moving figures in the Linemen's Union to
call a meeting this evening in order to dis
cuss the situation.
LINEMEN ANXIOUS TO
SETTLE THE STRIKE
Will Endeavor to Bring About Com
promise by Submitting Case
to Arbitrators.
The union placed itself on record in fa
vor of the purchase of a park In the Mis
sion by the adoption of resolutions to that
effect.
The following members were chosen for
the executive committee of the union: J.
II. Beyson. Daniel Kelly, M. D. Sullivan.
George Walcom, D. H. Hulse, John A.
Lennon. F. W. Van Reynegom, W. F.
Glennon. John D. Daly. J. C. Young, A.
P. Van Duzer, A. B. Maguire. D. Charles
H. Clinton, Christopher Branigan and E.
R. Pease. . - '.;
The Mission Improvement Union at a
meeting held Saturday evening elected F.
W. Van Reynegom president. Captain J.
C. Young vice president and George /\Val
com secretary.
FAVOR*} THE PURCHASE
OF PARK IN MISSION
Klein says that If he had had authority
he would have expelled Ceideberg. L.
Snow the trainer, and Frank Williams of
Corning, the owner of Charley Hayt. The
other two Judges overruled him. Dr. L.
R. Preston, another of the authorities,
said the case would be presented to the
governing board of the National Trot
ting Association next winter.
Hudinger had bet much money on Lit
tle Squaw and, it Is alleged, had prom
teed Ceideberg 1400 if the mare won.
BUFFALO, N. Y., Aug. 9.-H. K. Klein,
presiding Judge of the Grand Circuit
meeting that closed here yesterday, has
given out a strong statement about the
scandal in the 2:06 pace yesterday. In
the race F. O. Celdeberg, owner and driv
er of Little Squaw, was taken out of the
sulky and Ben Kenney drove the mare,
winning the race. Nick Hudinger, the
New Haven plunger, suspected he was on
the outside of a Job when Charley Hayt
beat Little Squaw in slow time. He pro
tested and the action of the Judges re
sulted.
GRAND CIRCUIT SCANDAL
STIRS PRESIDING JUDGE
Says Two Owners ana a Driver
Should Have Been
Ruled Off.
Nangeot and Cadic of the cruiser also
{rave a clever exhibition of swordsman
ship.
An exhibition of French boxing was
given by Messrs. Bole and Coullio. The
reception committee was composed of the
following: O. Bozio, E. Plerron Sr.. A.
Ortion. A. Luslnchi. C. L. P. Marals. Dr.
I* P. Dorais, Dr." Georges H. Juilly,
Georges Proust. E. J. Dupuy, Ernest Pag
nuelo, A. Bauer, J. Dimmer, Paul Robert
and G. Jewell. Achille Compagnon and his
aides. Andrew T^assale, E. Soulages, Jean,
Lelanne, L. Murphy. A. Boursler, Georges
Proust. E. Turpln and Leopold Dutolt
were the floor managers. The officers of
the French Association Football Club
present were: Andrew J. Camous, presi
dent; George H. Royer, vice president;
Kmile J. Pierron, secretary; Andrew A.
Glamor, treasurer.
The first annual picnic of the French
Football Club was held yesterday at Ger
mania Gardens. There was a good attend
ance notwithstanding the Inclemency of
the weather. The afternoon was devoted
principally to dancing and French boxing
and fencing by masters-of-arms and sol
diers of the French cruiser Protet.
The fencine between Armand Putz.
bandmaster of the Third Artillery Band.
U. S. A., and J. F. Fritz, captatn-of-arms
of the Protet, was an interesting exhibi
tion of skill, as was also the fencing be
tween F. Cudennes of the Protet and
Fritz.
Fencing and Boxing Experts Give
Exhibitions of Skill Before
Large Crowd.
FRENCH FOOTBALL CLUB
ENJOYS DAY'S OUTING
HENDERSON, Tex., Aug. 9.— Isham
Strong, the negro surrendered on Friday
night by a mob which had taken him
from the officers for the purpose of lynch -
Ing him, was yesterday sentenced to
ninety-nine years in the penitentiary. He
was taken to the prison in the afternoon.
After the conviction of Strong a negro
named Manuel Thompson was brought In
from Mount Enterprise, where, it is al
leged, he attempted to assault a Miss
Sparks. He was hurriedly tried and was
also given ninety-nine years.
Two Negro Offenders in Texas Get
the Limit of Legal
Punishment.
SENTENCED TO NINETY-NINE
YEARS IN PENITENTIARY
Twenty-flve bird race — Wattles. 14 yards. IS;
Iverson. 14. 14; Sylvester. 14. 18; Feudner. 14,
2.1- Golcher. 16. 19; Haight. 16. 20; Slade, 16,
18; Donohue. 16. 18; Klevesahl, 16. 20; Wands.
16 19; Nauman 20. 19; Forster, 18. 23; Mur
dock 18. 20; McConnell, 18. 23.
Twenty bird race, reverse angles — Feudner.
14 yards 11; Iverson. 14. 15; Sylvester. 14 12";
Haight, 16 17; Golcher, 16. 17; Lewis, 16. flj
Klevesahl '16. 12; Nauman, 20, 17; McConnell,
18 10f Murdock. 18. 18.
Hibbard trophy, fifty-bird race — Klevesahl,
16' yards' 45; Robertson. 18. 43; Murdock. 18,
40', Forster. 18. 37?- McConnell. 18, 34.
The Golden Gate Gun Club held its reg
ular monthly shoot at the Ingleside blue
rock traps yesterday. Considering the un
favorable weather conditions some good
scores were made. Feudner, Foster and
McConnell divided first, second and third
money in the twenty-five bird race.
In the twenty-bird race at reverse an
gles Murdock took first money, with a
score of 18. At reverse angles, both bar
rels, Haight captured first honors, with
l!? points to his credit. Scores follow:
TRAPSHOOTERS COMPETE ,
UNDER BAD CONDITIONS
The residence of David Lane at 2460
Market street was entered Friday after
noon during the temporary absence of the
family, and jewelry to the amount of $100
was obtained. Entrance was gained by
opening the front door with a key. The
thief evidently did not spend much time
in the house and made a hurried search
for valuables.
He secured two gold watches, a silver
watch and some minor articles of jewelry.
When Mrs. Lane returned home after
two hours' absence she was surprised tft
find the bedroom In disorder and the con
tents of the' bureau scattered about the
floor. She surmised that the house had
been robbed and a further Investigation
confirmed her . suspicions. It is thought
that the visit of a neighbor during.^her
absence and the repeated knockmgs^ on
the door frightened away the thief.
The rooms of Mrs. Osgood on Seven
teenth street near Church wera entered
in a similar way on Thursday and $40 in
cash and some Jewelry were stolen.
This work was evidently done by a
prowler who has keys to gain entrance
to the apartments he visits. Captain An
derson of the Mission station has detailed
Detectives Graham and Fitzgerald to run
down the criminal.
He Loots Residences by Gaining En
trance to Them With Skele
ton Keys.
DANGEROUS MARAUDER
WORKING IN MISSION
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 9.— Delegations of
the Grand Army of the Republic veterans
en route to the- grand encampment at San
Francisco have begun to arrive here. A
long train bearing the Abe Patterson Post
No. 88 of Allegheny, Pa., arrived late Sat
urday evening. To-day the entire dele
gation put in the day sightseeing. The
visitors were received at the Chamber of
Commerce, which has been made the of
ficial reception place for all visiting vet
erans, and later went on rides about the
city or took electric cars to the,varlous
beach resorts. Monday they will go to
Catalina. The Utah delegation, which ar
rived Saturday, also spent the day sighl
seelng and to-morrow will go to Santa
Monica. Other delegations are expected
to reach here Monday.
Delegations From Pennsylvania and
Utah Are in Los Angeles.
VETERANS ARE ARRIVING.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 9.— Dr. "W. Hutson
Ford, the well known scholar and scien
tific Investigator, claims to have discov
ered a new cipher in the writings of
Shakespeare which proves that Francis
Bacon was In reality the author of the
Shakespeare plays.
r>r. Ford has worked out and will pub
lish a largo number of anograms. Accord-
Ing to his discoveries, made after years
of long and patient study, translations of
anograms In Shakespeare plays not only
prove that- Bacon was their author, but
that ho claimed to be a son of Queen
Elizabeth and, the rightful heir to tha
throne. They reveal, says Dr. Ford, many
extraordinary personal and state secrets.
Dr. Ford Renews Contention That
Bacon Was Author of Famous
Plays.
DISCOVERS NEW CIPHER
IN SHAKESPEARE'S WRITINGS
F. Goldman, a traveling salesman, was
taken Into custody yesterday afternoon
by detectives. Goldman, who halls from
New York, was arrested some time ago
upon telegraphic advices received from
Butte, MOnt. It was alleged that he
passed worthless paper on several firms
In that city, but no officer made his ap
pearance to take him back and he was
subsequently released. Goldman claims
to have been in New York since that time
and arrived in this city several days ago,
securing quarters at the Hotel Argyle.
Saturday afternoon ho visited Roos Bros,
and ordered two suits worth J70. He of
fered In payment a draft for $150 on New
York, but this was refused and the
clothes were sent out C. O. D. Goldman
refused to accept them and the package
was returned, to th.e store. He approached
Sam Nicholls, proprietor of the hotel, and
turned over to him for collection a draft
on J. I. -Conn &-.Co» of New York, whom,
he claims to represent.
Nicholls. becoming suspicious, visited
Captain Martin and the arrest followed.
The hotel man claims that he paid for a
pair of shoes which were sent to Gold
man at the hotel from a local shoe store.
The police admit that they have nothing
tangible upon which to hold the man, but
are communicating with the police of
other cities to find if he is wanted else
where. Nicholls says the salesman is in
debted to him for $20, which Goldman
maintains he can pay.
He Can Explain Check
Transaction.
Salesman , Is Held by Police Until
F. GOLDMAN IS TAKEN
| INTO CUSTODY AGAIN
CRIPPLE CREEK, Aug. ».— The pros
pect seems favorable to-night for a strike
which may eventually spread to all the
mines in this district. The trouble is pre
cipitated by the friction between Colorado
City Mill and Smeltermen's Union and
the United States Reduction and Refining
Company, the former claiming that the
latter company has failed to carry out its
agreement entered Into when the recent
strike was called" oft. A committee from.
the unions .of this district has notified
Manager MacNelll of the United States
Reduction and Refining Company that un
less the demands of the mill men are met
by to-morrow strikes will be declared at
the mines which furnish ore to the Colo
rado City plant of the company.
Smeltermen's Union* Has Trouble
With United States Reduction
and Refining Company.
CKIPPLE CREEK MINERS
MAY GO ON A STBIKE
The rule adopted by the board is to
hold estates until heirs come forward and
make application for distribution. If
heirs do not appear as claimants th«
money is deposited to the credit of tha
posthumous fund, subject to such dispo
sition as the Federal or State authorities
shall direct. The proceedings pending are
to determine whether enterprising agents
who are not akin to deceased veterans
shall be permitted to handle such estates.
NAPA, Aug. 9. — Upon the petition of
N. "W. Collins, executor of the estate of
the late 'William H. Coffey, Judge Ges
ford has issued a citation directing tha
commandant and treasurer of the Veter
ans' Home to appear In court August 22 »
to be examined as to certain moneys of
the estate which they hold. Coffey died
In April, 1903, leaving an estate of several
hundred dollars which he had deposited
with the treasurer. Suit will be brought
to make a test case as to the powers of
the board of directors.
Executor Wants to Secure Honey in
Hands of the Directors of the
Home.
ESTATE OF A VETERAN
CAUSES LITIGATION
Last night witnessed the final perform
ance of "Under the Red Globe.", and to
nipht "Quo Vass Ibs," the travesty on
"Qou Vadls."and the "Big Little Princess"
will make up the bill to be presented at
Fischer's.
•¦Mali's Enemy," to be presented at the
• 'cntral for the first time to-night, is said
\o bo one of the most powerful dramas
on the subject of temperance that has
ever been produced on the stage.
•The Highwayman" will continue to
hold the boards this week at the Tivoll.
Camille d'Arville in the leading soprano
role, in which she has made a favorable
impression since her reappearance on the
puts?
Kzra Kendall will begin his second and
last week at the Columbia in "The Vin
< car Buyer." The play is a laughter
makrr of the peculiar type suited to Ken
<iall's style and has furnished much fun
to those who attended during the last
week.
• .v. • - •
'White Whlttlesey will begin the fare
veil wt-ck of his brilliant three months'
season at the Alcazar to-night, when he
will appear as D'Artagnan In "The Three
Musketeers."
This week's programme at the Chutes
includes the Campbell brothers, Indian
club Jugglers; Loa Durbjelle, a *hadow
graph?r: Little Blossom, the renowned
coon song sbouter; Lester and Curtin,
comedy acrobats.; Hathaway and Walton,
*snd and eccentric dancers, and Hank
Whitcomn. the imitator of animals and
birds. The animatoscope shows new
moving pictures and the amateurs will
rppear on Thursday night. The "mystic
mirror maze." just opened, is a great at
traction at the Chutes.
"In Harvard." the latest in the musical
crmedy line, was on the boards at the
(•rand Opera-house last night for the
first time. The theater was packed to the
doors and all the favorites came in for a
generous fcharo of applause whenever
they did anything to the liking of the
crowd, which was often. The chorus, as
usual, was the shining light of the pro
duction, and It showed to better advan
tage last night than at any otter time.
When the girls appeared arrayed in the
colors of the various colleges they pre
sented a dazzling eight and were called
out time and time again. Raymond and
Caverly, Cheridah Simpson and the re
mainder of the cast all lend their talents
to good advantage In making the farce
what Is Is. Some specialties were Intro
duced by the various members of the
company that were exceptionally good
and made a lasting Impression on the au
dience.
I^ast night the Neil-Morosco Company
produced the great Eastern success, "A
Royal Family." at the California. The
*play is in four acts and the period Is to
day. The scenes are all laid In a royal
palace of a minor monarch in Europe.
Lillian Kemble as the daughter of the
King carries off the honors in her pretty
ccmedy scene*. Frank Mac Vicars, who Is
always pnod in any role that he enacts,
as Cardinal Casano, looks every Inch . a
prelate and carries himself with dignity.
The rest of the company are all good.
Of the holdovers, the KaufTmanns still
fintlnue to amaze with their graceful and
faring bicycle act; the Macart dogs and
monyeks are funnier than ever; Roberts,
Hayes and Roberts, ditto, ditto, in their
sketch, "The Infant," and George Aus
tin's wire work is clover. Dooley and
T< nbrooke waste two unusually agreeable
voices on a poor act.
But the Orpheum should by all means
be seen this week.
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
• • •
Mrs Wynne Window, soprano of admir
able resource, excellent schooling and
considerable personal charm, is another
attractive feature of this star bill. Mrs.
WInslow has a smooth mezzo-soprano and
I thorough appreciation of the predilec
tions of the vaudeville audience. She
sang the "Loin de- Bal" of Glllet, "Vio
lets" and "My Old Kentucky Home." re
ceiving- enthusiastic recalls". Lew Haw
kins, the favorite blark face comedian,
was another among the new faces of the
week and contributed one- of his abund
antly satisfying song and monologue com
binations. Sidney \Vi!mer and company
iio the new sketch of the bill. "A Thief
ii. the Night." that is brightly written
and thoroughly amusing in its ingenious
complications. Mr. Wilmer and Miss
Olive White are both seen to much ad
vantage in their respective part*.
Win an elegant afternoon gown of
proen crepe, high-necked and demurely
Fleevod, and afterward a simple sailor
hat and toughish little coat, this young
woman gave some sketches of the tough
girl, of a monkey, of the man down on
his luck, of all sorts and conditions of
folk, with a brilliant surety and wit of
a Caran d'Ache. She it beautifully un
expected. Her gowning, her smooth locks
with their Puritan bow. her fresh, baby
face, are most deliciously deceptive. Uut
Miss Fay's smallish, keen, gray eyes are
«>f the kind that mean things. In this
case they mean the genius of vaudeville,
the very essential spirit of the variety
artist— and I say "artist" advisedly.
Miss Fay. in the trim afternoon gown.
t^me* out first to sing a song about
"Smiles, smiles, smiles." Her first smile
took the house, and they could have seen
hr-r smile until now with utmost pleasure.
Then, with the assistance of the sailor hat
and coat, a xlp, wit and bizarrerie of
prs'ture and facial expression, she sang
ih« epic of the tough girl. The climax of
it, where she tosses her hairpins to the
•winfJs. and then drags up her yellow locks
in a brilliantly grotesque knot just where
ih* pompadour should grow found • the
house helplessly shrieking, and when she
sat on her heels and imitated one of the
Macart monkeys — well, ko .and pee her.
and you'll understand what happened. I
can't describe it, but the people had to let
her go because they lacked strength to
bang Mr. Morriscy's floor any longer.
And with Miss Fay the rest of the bill
really doesn't matter. She Is worth your
week's salary to hear and see— yes, by all
means, to see. Twenty minutes of Miss
Fay induced hysterics. She is as clever as
her name, with its Sunday supplement
subhead— a creature unique.
title Fay, who permits herself to be
billed as "the craziest soubrette on the
American stage" and lives up to it, is the
particular rtar of the starriest sort of a
•nil at the Orpheum this wet-k. There is
not a "dead act'— as Mr. Kulb puts it— on
the programme. Dootey and Tcnbrooke.
who live over from last week, come near
est. But they might easily be worse
much.
The condition . of William D. Eng
lish at a late hour to-night was re
ported to be slightly more favorable,
but it was admitted by those around
him that the chances for his re
covery were slight. Dr. D. D. Crowley,
the surgeon In charge of the case, is hope
ful, but that is all. Since the operation
on Saturday Mr. English has been in a
state of collapse and everything that was
possible has had to be done in order to
tide him over the shocTc. The tempera
ture of the patient has been low; In fact,
below normal for the greater part of the
time, and it was not until this evening
that it arose to a fraction of a degree
above the average. On the other hand
the pulse has been high and has been in
the neighborhood of 140 for the greater
part of the time. This Is an indication
of low vitality and an inability on the
part of the system to rally from the
shock of the operation. This lack of vi
tality may be accounted for by age and
by the former operation, which weakened
the system to some extent Mr. English
experiences moments of consciousness,
but they are never of very long duration:
During these moments he converses with
those about him, but only the attendants
and immediate members of his family are
permitted to reach his bedside.
The hospital where Mr. English rests Is
besieged by friends of the sick man, but
the family only have Been admitted. The
best that the physicians will give out Is
the hope that the patient will survive the
usual crisis that follows such an opera
tion, and that he will last for three days.
If he passes this period they hold out a
hope for his recovery. /
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1113 Broadway, Aug. 9.
SANTA CRUZ. Aug. 9.— The Sixth Regi
ment arrived this afternoon on a special
train, which stopped In front of Camp
Dickinson, named after Major General
John H. Dickinson, and the troops
alighted and marched into camp. Th«
soldiers were received by a large crowd.
The companies were Quickly assigned to
their tents, and soon afterward dinner
was served. The menu consisted of good
wholesome food, which the soldiers rel
ished, as they were all hungry. Colonel
Johnson of Stockton is in command. The
companies are all from the San Joaqula
Valley.
The Second Regiment, composed of Sac
ramento Valley companies, arrived this
evening. Colonel Seymour of Sacramento
commanding. Their camps in Dolphin*
Park, which Is called Camp Stone, after
Adjutant General Stone. Active military
instruction begins to-morrow. The camps
will be devoted strictly to military train
ing:, and the features of entertainment
prominent at camp In former years will
be missing, although at night there will
be entertainment at Dolphin Pavilion,
where a dance will be given each evening.
Visits during the week are expected from
Governor Pardee and staff. Major General
Dickinson. Brigadier Generals Warfleld
and Muller and their staffs. As each regi
ment has a band there will be plentv of
music. The citizens will give receptions
and hops in honor of the regiments.
In the second and third classes play was
completed down to the semi-finals. In the
second class the four successful players
were Georjje Janes, G. D. Russell, Nor
man Ambrose and Clarence Foley. In the
third class J. R. Lewis, Stewart Gayness,
L. D. Roberts and Fred Adams reached
the semi-finals.
For a class tournament the matches
jesterday were surprisingly one-sided.
Men In the same class are expected to be
on an equal footing with each other, but
almost every match played was won In
two short sets. The exception to the rule
was the second class match between Ed
Flnnegan and Alexander Beyfuss. Their
match was probably the longest and most
stubbornly contested ever played on the
public courts. In each of the first two
pets Beyfuss had. a big lead to overcome.
He did so In both cases, but only at the
sacrifice of his strength. Beyfuss was
more skillful than Flnnegan, but the lat
ter was possessed of better staying quali
ties and won by tiring his opponent.
The "surprise of the second class was the
defeat of Marlus Hotchkiss at the hands
of Foley. G. D. Russell, the ex-champlon
of Michigan, won his matches handily.
The ease with which he disposed of Hor
ace Mann makes his chances of winning
the class look good. If he beats Janes
he will surely win.
In the third class Stewart Gayness, who
has won the cup twice and leads in the
race, won his matches cleverly* and will
meet J. R. Lewis. Gayness lsVgain ex
pected to prove victorious, and will here
after play in the second class.
Herbert Long, who was thought to have
an excellent chance of winning the class,
was badly beaten by Fred Adams. The
latter occasionally plays a strong game,
but Is erratic. Gayness and Adams are
expected to meet In the final.
Following is the result of the day's play
In the different classes:
Second class — Horace Mann beat E. M.
Twiggs by default; G. D. Russell beat H. B.
Mills by default; Miller Hotchkiss beat C. W.
Teller. 6-2, 6-3; George Janes beat C. G.
Kuehn. 6-3, 6-1; Norman Ambrose beat Oscar
Beyfuss. lt-1. 6-2; E. P. Flnnegan beat Alexan
der Beyfuss. 7-9. 12-10, 7-5; Clarence Foley beat
M. Campbell, ft- 2. 6-3; Marlus Hotchkiss beat
Harry Rclfe. 4-e, 6-3. 6-2.
Second round — Russell beat Mann. 6-4. 6-2;
.Tanee beat Miller Hotchkiss. 6-4. (5-4; Ambrose
beat Finnegan, 6-3. 6-4; Foley beat Marlus
Hotchkls». 7-9. 6-3. 0-4.
Third class, preliminary round— 8. C Gay
ness beat C. S. Myrick. 6-0. fi-1; B. McFarland
beat H. M. Ardley. e-3. 6-4; E. P. Lelllch beat
«\ C. Say re by default: Herbert Long heat L.
C Bozarth, 6-1. C-4: F. C. Adams beat J. B.
Adams. 6-1. 0-7; J. R. Ryan beat F. W.
Gomph, 6-1. 6-4.
Firft round— R. Drolla beat H. E. Skinner.
6-3, 8-1; J. R. Lewis beat A. MeFarland. 0-1,
6-2: Gayne?* beat W. Smith, 6-3. 6-2; Lellich
beat B. McFarland, 5-7. 6-4. 6-2; Adams beat
Long. 6-3. 6-2; Ryan beat G. P. Lytton, 6-3.
G-4: J. M. Baker beat W. R. Milton. 6-3. 6-4;
L. D. Roberts beat T. D. Black by default.
Second round — Lewis beat Drolla. 6-2, 6-3;
Gayness beat Leilich. 6-0. 6-1; Adams beat
Ryan, «-l, 0-3; Roberts beat Baker. 6-4. 6-4.
Fourth claf?. semi-final round — Melville Long
beat E. S. Howell. 6-0. 6-2; J. C. Crooks beat
J. K. Turner by default.
Final — Long beat Crooks. 6-4. 8-6, 4-6, 6-2.
Some good practice matches were played
on the California Club courts. The fea
ture was the clever game put up by Ray
Cornell. Although he lost bo|h his
matches he forced such men as Hodgkin-
Bon and Smith to play their best to beat
him. The following matches were played:
Orant Fmith beat Ray Cornell. 7-5. 6-2., 8-6;
Norman Hodgklnson beat Cornell. 8-6; A. W.
Worthington beat W. F. Bull. 0-3. 6-2. 4-6. 6-1 ;
H. Gabriel and S. Melrose beat E. P. Robblns
and B. Spring. 6-3. 6-4, C-3; Dr. Lovegrove
beat A. Palmer. 6-1, 8-7; Worthlngton and
Bull beat W. 8. Dole and Dr. Noble, 6-3. 7-5;
Bull beat Nolle. 6-4, 9-7; Robblns beat Spring.
6-1. 6-2; W. MacGavin tied Hodgkinson. 8-6,
4-6.
The opening rounds of the second and
third classes of the class singles tennis
tournament, which was commenced on the
public courts in Golden Gate Park last
Sunday, were played yesterday. The
fourth class, which with the first was
Started a week ago, was completed and
resulted in a victory for Melville Long,
making his second victory.
The final match of the first class, vhich
was scheduled to be played in the after
noon, was postponed, and the spectators
were forced to watch the lower class men
strive for honors. The fog and strong
wind were the cause of postponing the
match. It will be played next Sunday.
The officers concerned In the whipping
probably will be prosecuted. Citizens
here openly say that they should be
lynched.
When Miss de Crist was convicted of
securing Jewelry at Savannah by forged
orders her friends claimed she was in
sane.
With her back mangled. Miss de Crist
was sent to the field to work with ne
groes. She fainted and was found by Su
perintendent Foster, who sent her to the
hospital and bitterly denounced the
brutality.
The disclosure* which have followed
the investigation of the whipping are the
moat shocking that have ever been pub
lished in connection with the penal his
tory of Georgia. , It appears that Miss
de Crist angered Warden Alagood's wife
by complaining about being replaced as
hospital stewardess by a negro. Mrs.
Alagood told her husband to whip Miss
de Crist.
The Warden had the woman brought In
by the guards and had her upper cloth
ing forcibly removed. Then, while Miss
de Crist was held, Alagood struck her
forty times on the back with a leather
strap, nearly every stroke drawing blood.
MILLEDGEVILLE, Ga., Aug. 9.— Misa
Mamie de Crist, known as the "Diamond
Queen," who was whipped at the State
prison farm a few days ago. is in & ser
ious condition. She is hysterical most
of the time and shrieks -continually:
"Don't take off my clothes!" and "Don't
hit me asain." It Is feared that she can
not recover.
Special Dispatch to The. Call.
We then made overtures to Hunter and he
sold us the property. It Is Into this site that
the spur track from our main line has been
operated Tor years. .To comply with the law
we asked the Trustees for a franchise. Then
and not until then, was an opposition manu
factured out of nothing and started. Effort
has been made to show that this crossing
would be a "death trap" : that property values
would be depreciated; that we were Invading a
home district. The fact is. .that -the people
who came to us eaid they would like to get
the lumber mllis out of there and would not
raise a hand to. stop us.
We agreed to move the freight yards to meet
the desires of the people of Berkeley. We are
not compelled to move them. They are on our
own property. But when the way seemed clear
for the establishment of a yard at a suitable
point we agreed not only to clear the yards
out of East Berkeley, but to Improve that loca
tion with a fine depot.
An attempt Is being made to befog the mat
ter with falsa Issues, and unfair agitation. The
Southern Pacific Company is not trying to force
freight yards down the throats of any one ln s
Berkeley. We bought the property under the
express representation that It would be an en
tirely satisfactory move to the surrounding
owners. Now, '.as a cold. matter of fact, there
are Just thirty-two houses In the forty acres
adjacent to the • South Berkeley site. That
means, for example,. less than an average of oiie
house to an Oakland city blocks Some of the
protesting owners live half a mile from the
yard site. -•• It would be much. as if a man on
Fourteenth ¦ street, Oakland, should • protest
against something done on First street.
The company, is willing to pocket its loss on
MORE LAND PURCHASED.
But so far «•« th« agitation over thr> fran
chise Roes I am prepared to prove that the
Southern Pacific Company has not been treated
with good faith. In fact. ahsolut* bad faith
has been shown In this matter 'of the removal
of the freight yards from East Berkeley to
South Berkeley. When we were approached by
citizens of Berkeley to take the yards out of
the center of the town we agreed to move
them, and people from the very section where
the agitation has been fomented to!J us there
would be absolutely no objection If we bought
the lumber mills property.
At that time we could not purchase It be
cause <he owners gave Hunter, the lumberman
first call. He bought It and we purchased a
site on the other side of the street. Later,
however to avoid friction., we were assured
that If we could get the Hunter property all
opposition, would cease. .^-~
Division Superintendent W. S. Palmer
contributed to the controversy to-day by
making a complete explanation, from the
Southern Pacific Company's viewpoint.
Mr. Palmer declared there had been mis
representation of the railroad's position;
that the Oakland Transit people had kept
out of the fleht because they knew that
the Southern Pacific had a right of way
at the point, and that to put In the cross-
Ing meant that the Transit Company had
tired of waiting for a settlement of the
trouble. Superintendent Palmer said:
The Southern Pacific Company's position has
been distorted. AH we ever asked for was a
franchise to operate our cars over a. spur
track Into the Hunter property, which has been
laid there for ten yearn. There Is no quarrel
between the Oakland Transit people and the
company. They knew . the track was there
and have always figured on crossing the track
with their main line up Shattuck avenue.
The only reason there was delay in build
ing: the track crossing; was that we had talked
about changing the angle of our spur track,
movlnif it fifty' or sixty feet tn the event a
franchise should be granted. The street car
people have been wattlns for things to come
to a head so they would not have to tear up
their track crossing and lay a new one when
we should move the track, nut they wero
anxious to go ahead and complete their track
laying, and have therefore built a orosslrg on
the lines of the spur as It Ib laid. To-day
they started to Install the- crossing, and our
men are working with them.
That Is the situation so far as the crossing
Is concerned.
PALMER EXPLAINS.
"I don't think the Transit Company
would put in that crossing unless it knew
what it was about." he said. "There's
an understanding, all right. Well, we'll
make trouble for them, you can just bet.
There'll be a hot time in the old town
when the trustees grant that franchise."
The location of the freight yards will be
decided in two weeks, when Trustee Con
nor returns from a vacation. Three trus
tees—Ryder, Connor and Rickard— are for
removal to South Berkeley and three—
Ferrier, Hoff and Dowd— against it, with
Trustee Staats undecided.
Dr. Woodson Allen of 2117 Ashby ave
nue, one of the speakers at last night's
mass meeting, looked on to-day while the
work was going on and said he thought
there was no use protesting.
But the South Berkeleyans* minds were
disabused this morning when they looked
out of their windows and saw the gang
of Oakland Transit Consolidated men lay
ing crossings in anticipation of the South
ern Pacific's coming. Then they remem
bered that through all the agitation the
Oakland Transit Consolidated had not
helped them, having let them go on mak
ing the best fight they knew how. And
finally they concluded that the Oakland
Transit Consolidated knew all the time
that the Southern Pacific wasn't going to
blockade its traffic and that there was an
understanding between the two great rail
way companies.
Frank P. Wells of 2150 Ward street is
one of those who looked out of his win
dow and saw the work going on this
morning. He Immediately suspected that
the Southern Pacific was attempting to
gain some advantage and hurried after
Street Superintendent Turner and Chief
of Police Kerns. His idea was to get. an
injunction f "against the"* corporation, but
when the officers'said it could not be done
on a Sundav he withdrew. Subsequently
he learned that it was the Oakland
Transit's doings, not the Southern Pa
cific's. .
The gore formed by the Intersection of
Adeline street and Shattuck avenue is the
very place where the Southern Pacific
Company wants to. have its new freight
yards and against which South Berkeley
ans have been protesting.
¦ Up to this morning the people of South
Berkeley labored under the belief that the
Southern Pacific and the Oakland Transit
Company were warring giants, clutching
at each other's throats in the struggle for
advantage. In their efforts to prevent the
Southern Pacific's yards from coming
among them the South Berkeleyans sided
with the. . Oakland Transit Consolidated.
All were agreed that the Southern Pa
cific's sole object In wanting the yards at
Adeline "street and Shattuck avenue lay
in blocking the ferry trains of the new
system. /
This conviction of the Southern Pa
cific's deep intent kept growing stronger
all the time. The Central Improvement
Club was formed, protests were made to
the Board of Trustees and meetings were
held by the angry citizens. It culminated
last night .in. a mass-meeting in Lorln
Hall, whan speeches were made by the
leaders of the protestants.
MINDS ARE DISABUSED.
While South Berkeleyans and West
Berkeleyans and East Berkeleyans have
been engaged in a three-cornered fight
over the removal of the Southern Pacific
Company's freight yards from East
Berkeley to South Berkeley that corpora
tion and the Oakland Transit Company,
which were supposed to be at loggerheads
over a matter of track crossing, have been
lying on their oars waiting developments.
That a perfect understanding as to the
real situation existed all this time was
made manifest to-day when the Oakland
Transit Company, which is preparing the
way for its new ferry train system along
Adeline street, sent a gang of men to
lay two sets of crossing tracks at the In
tersection of Adeline street and Shattuck
avenue.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Aug. 9.
Besides the singing of the choir, Mrs.
John Jackson. Mrs. "William Jenkins and
Mr. Jacobs, the blind singer, rendered
sacred solos.
The temporary Hamilton Church is
16x50 feet and seats 200 people. Every part
of the edifice was crowded at each of the
three services and nine new members
joined the church during the day.
There was but one note of sadness
throughout the exercises and that was
sounded by the pastor, the Rev. Mr. Ox
nam, when he announced the serious, and.
it is feared, fatal Illness of the president
of their board of trustees, John O. Dyer,
who had generously given the first $1000
toward the purchase of the land for the
church. i
The temporary church was prettily dec
orated. A great American flag was
spread across the platform, the sides of
the church and the roof were adorned
with green boughs, at the foot of the
platform were beautiful flowers and the
illumination was adequate and bright.
The Rev. Dr. E. R. Dille preached at
the afternoon service, which was under
the auspices of the Epworth League.
ONE NOTE OF SADNESS.
Bishop Hamilton, said Mr. Oxnam, had
his labor rewarded, for he was enabled
to dedicate the sacred edifice to the serv
ice of God. '"
It was only two weeks ago that it had
been determined to build the portable
church, and In that time, the Rev. Mr.
Oxnam said, even Bishop Hamilton act
an example to the workingmen who were
not doing the work as expeditiously as
they might. The Bishop, s*ld Mr. Ox
nam, took off his coat and, with. shovel
in hand, helped to dig tne ground and
hastened on the construction.
In that locality, said the Bishop, they
had been worshiping in a hall for the
last eleven months, but now they had
their own site, whereon stood their own
place of worship, which would In time be
replaced by a church that would be built
to stand for all time.
BISHOP HELPS DICK _ Qr
The site consists of three plats of- land,
purchased for $7500. That amount "has
been paid and J3000 more was at the- dis
posal of the trustees on condition that
they ¦ raise an additional $1000 yesterday.
At the morning, afternoon and evening
services the offerings of the congregation
even exceeded the thousand dollars, the
sum subscribed being $1016.
There was great rejoicing at the result
and Bishop Hamilton, who had himself
subscribed over $700, performed the dedi
cation with deep thankfulness, for, as lie
said in his . morning sermon to the con
gregation, the great demand for the new
church in the locality testified to the ln^
crease of worshipers.
The new Hamilton Methodist Episcopal
Church was dedicated last night by
Bishop J. W. Hamilton, assisted by the
pastor, the Rev. C. O. Oxnam, and the
Rev. Dr. Case. The present edifice, which
is situated at Waller and Belvidere
streets, near Golden Gate Park, Is a tem
porary structure and is the first of Its
kind to be erected in the city, being con
structed In such a manner, that by the
removal of bolts it can be readily taken
to pieces and can just as easily be rebuilt.
If Patient Survives for Three
Days There Will Be
Hope.
Citizens Will Give Receptions
and Hops in Honor of
Visitors. V '
Victim Continues Hysterical
. and Her Recovery Is
Doubtful.
Both California and Grand
Present New Bills of
Merit.
Superintendent Palmer Ex
plains on Behalf of South
ern Pacific. ;
Final Match in First Class
Is Postponed for One
Week.
Bishop Hamilton ; Solemnly
Dedicates House of •-,
Worship.
Well-Known . Oakland
er's Vitality Runs
Very Low.
Wins Cup in Park Ten
nis Tournament for
Second Time.
Elfie Fay Is a Wonder
and Rest of Bill
Is Good.
Santa Cruz Welcomes
Second and Sixth
Regiments.
Georgians Denounce the
Whipping of Woman
Convict.
Transit People Put In
Crossing at South
Berkeley. Wg
Congregation Willingly
Answers an Urgent
Appeal.
ANOTHER VICTORY
SCORED BY LONG
DEATH HOVERS
NEAR ENGLISH
GIVES READILY
TO NEW CHURCH
BRUTAL LASHING
MAY BRING DEATH
STATE GUARDS
GO INTO CAMP
LETS IN LIGHT
ON YARD FIGHT
ORPHEUM SHOW
BEST IN YEARS
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 10. 1903.
Man Found in Priest's Barn.
Robert Morrison was caught late last
night, after being run down by the po
lice, and was charged at the O'Farrell
street police station with burglary. Mor
rison was. discovered In the bam at the
back of the residence of the Rev. Father
Sessions of the Star of the Sea Church.
Eighth and Point Lobos avenues^ He es
caped and was followed down Tenth ave
nue and Clement street and after a hot
chase was captured by Policemen A. D.
Layne and C. F. Jenkins. The police are
making inquiries to - ascertain whether
Morrison has stolen anything in the
neighborhood.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 9.— The annual regatta
of the South Bay Yacht Club for: the
Doerr trophy, which was held on the
South Bay to-day, was won by Captain
Smith's yacht Papoose. It covered the
twelve miles of the course in 2:19:37, Just
twelve minutes and fifty-nine seconds
ahead of Captain McKee's boat Comrade.
Yacht Papoose Wins Doerr Trophy.
Temptation in Prices
In the leather poods department. Auto
mobile end Du Barry bags, Netsuki
purees, wrist bags in all leathery, trunks,
valises. 6uit caefs in carload varieties.
Eacborn. Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. •
VICTORIA, n C— Arrived Aub ft— Br ship
Leicester Castle, from Liverpool; S wed ship
Thessalut, from Honolulu.
OCEAN STEAMERS." '
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Augr 9— Stmr Cym
ric, from N«-w York, for Liverpool, and pro
ceeded.
Sailed Avz 9 — Stmr Campania, from Liver
pool, for Jiew[ York.
FOREIGN* PORT.
PORT BLAKELKT — Arrived Aug 9 — Sehr C
S Holmes, from San Pedro; bktn Newsboy,
from Port Town«;nd.
SEATTLE — Sailed Aur ft— Stmr City of Se
attle, for Pkagway.
ASTORIA — Arrived Aug 0 — Schr Endeavor,
from San Ptdro.
ROMESTC PORTS,
7THE SAN FRANCISCO \0ALL, MONDAY,- AUGUST 10, 1903.
8
HELP WASTED MALE Cow.
Boy for nursery, extra good Job. fare $1.
$20 and found.
Butcher. Merced County, $.13 and found.
BEST WAGES AT MURRAY ft READY,
BEST PLACES AT 621-630 Clay rt.
THEY WANT YOU— NORTH.
fXt laborers to lay track an.l ballast work.
$67 5O month; railroad company's own work,
north.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
AT California Employment Agency,
C9 Third St.. near Call bldg. ; phone Bush 405.
Section hands. Coast line and all parts ot
California. —
• S. P.'S OWN WORK.
• • • FREE FARE— FREE FARE.
50 section men, $1 CO and $1 70 a day.
3 laborers, city. 0 hours. $2 23 day.
BUTTE COUNTY— CHICO.
50 teamsters and rockmen. $2 50 a day,
50 laborers and az..ien. 92 25 a day.
COAL MINERS.
FREE FARE— OREGON.
25 miners, $1 a ton.
6 woodchoppers. $1 50 a cord. . * "
B miners, single hand. $3 a day. -
5 muckers. $2 50 a day.
FREE FARE — FREE FAR*,.
11 tunnelmen. $2 73 a day.
11 teamsters and muckers. $"- -o a day.
11 laborers. *2 a day.
SHIP MONDAY— BIG JOB.
Oiler for sawmill. $2 50 a /Jay.
A carpenters rough work. $3 CO a day.
Blacksmith, general work. S3 a, day.
Lunch cook, saloon. $8 a week.
y * ht g& E Vi°GE^% Thir* st.
1-CHAIR barber outfit for sal* cheap. 303^j
Bro&erick st.. near Oak.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair:
foot-fcrm shoes at $2 SO; we pay express or
mall charges. 11 Thtrd st.. Examiner blilg.
WANTED— Two successful solicitors. J*£ er *
possibilities are great to earn from $200 ta
$400 per month; patt representatives of build-
ing and loan and life Insurance companies
preferred: on favorable evidence of ability
and reliability moderate advances will ba
made for expenses. Apply to T. W. GRIF-
FIN, between 2 and 4 p. m.. dally except
Sunday, room 9. 9 Powell st.
WANTED—For the U. S. Marine Corps, able-
bodied, unmarried men. between 'tl and S3:
good character; oust speak, read and writ*
; English; marines serve at sea on men-of-war
In all parts of the- world, on land In our isl-
and possessions, and at navaJ stations tn tb«
United States. Apply at recruiting offioe. 40
Ellis tt., San Francisco. Cal.: 222^4 N. Mala
St.. Los Acgeles. Cal.. and 401 K st.. Sacra-
mento. CaL -•*>,- '¦'- '
WANTED— Educated young man or woman to
learn our business and take responsible and
permanent position as soon as qualified; city
references required. STODDARD LEC-
TURES. 210 Examiner building.
WANTED — First-class furnlturs man who un-
derstands polishing; also one thoroughly fa-
miliar with setting up stoves and work about
furniture. Apply JACKSON FURNITURE
CO.. 623 Twelfth St.. Oakland. *
A GOOD underpresser on vests; a steady po-
sition to an experienced person; also a youns;
man to learn underpressins. Apply S. J».
WOOD CO.. 27 Geary st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno Houss proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 130 larr*
rooms; 25o per nUht: $1 50 to $3 pw week.
WANTED — Experienced drapery ¦alesmaa.
Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. it HALO
BROS/ _^ .
WANTED— Errand boys between 12 and It
years old. Call between 9 and 10 a. m. Mon-
day. 43-53 Ellis st. I. MAGNIN & CO.
A CHANCE for a Christian man to start wtth
the real estate business in the country. Box
4604, Call office.
WANTED— First-class body makers on car-
riage work. Parrott Carriage Mfg. Co.. Lc«
Angeles, Cal.
WANTED— A good, strong boy. $1 a day. Mu-
tual Label And Litho Co.. Second and Bryant.
WANTED — At once. 2 errand boys, at JOE
ROSENBERG'S. 11 O'Farrell at.
WANTED— Errand boy in tailor store. 21
Phelan bldg.. 806 Market st.
STRONG boy. about 15 years. HERMANN
SAFE FACTORY. 417 Sacramento st.
BARBERS — For sale, neat shop: near City
Hall: rent »12 SO; price $75. Box 4996. Call.
COATMAKER for country. REISS BROS. &
CO.. 24 Sutter St.
THREE laborers, pick and shovel; 14th ave.
and N st.. south; take Kentucky-st. ears.
YOUNG man in tlnshop learn trade; age IS
years. 533 Mtoston at.
MAN to do Janitor work for tuition la 8. F.
Barber School. 741 A Howard at.
SAILORS aad ordinary seamen for Europe aaj
Australia. HERMAN'S. 2fi Steuart st.
600 MEN to buy new and ?d-hand army shoe*.
50c up: soling cheap. 923 Howard »t-. nr. 5th.
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullls. room 40. Fhelaa
bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Pos-t.G.A.R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Uar-
ket — 700 rooms. 35c night; > reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, halt
price. 563 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting: 25c
to 50c. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
TEAM roan mares, city broken, weigh 2750;
one doctors' horse; 2 business hordes. Santa
Clara Stable. 164 Golden Gate ave.
ON account of going to build, entire stock OS
wagons, buggies and harness must be sold ac
sacrifice. Corner 15th and Valencia sts.
RARE chance — I good horses for sale cheap.
327 Sixth st.
ONE fine buggy, fruit wagon, cart. 2d-haad:
new laundry wagon, cheap. S2S Harrison st.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagoss
and rocart for sale cheap. 532 Mission st.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list of houses to let: send for
circular. G.H.UMBSEN dt CO.. 14 Montgomery
FINE house. Nineteenth st., bet. Mission and
Valencia: grown family preferred.
BEFORE *movlTisr get our printed list oP^toonses
to let. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Post st.
HOUSES TO LET — FfHMSHED.
A WELL furnished house, piano. 10 rooms;
very sunny; fine location; 1375 Masonic ave.
Apply MADISON & BURKE. 30 Montg. st.
$575 — R ROOMS and bath, furntshed complete;
run all day; rent $37 50. 20O Hyde. cor. Turk.
LOST AAD FOUND.
LOST — On Brannan. Second. Market or San-
some sts.. small suit case, containing book
and papers. Heturn to room 79. Appraiser's
building. Sansome and Washington sts.. Mon-
day; suitable reward^
LOST — Leather purse, containing money, valu-
ables and permits. Return to R. A. ROO>.
21)00 JacVson St.. or 25-07 Kearny st.. and
receive reward. _______
LOST— Saturday evening near Market st. and
Van Ness ave.. small" bunch keys. Return
to 31 Van Neas ave.; reward.
LOST— A small open-face.1 gold watch with
monogram R H. J. Finder leave at <33
Market st. and receive suitable reward.
LOST— A black covered collecting book con-
taining laundry bills. Return 4.J Geary st.
LOST— Black bitch, white under breast, scv
on left leg. 363 Harriet st.; reward.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the CaJlforcU
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter St.. needs oIU
gold ana silver to make new watch eases.
MEDICAL.
— — — ¦ — - - ¦ ¦' ¦
, A M _ n. gweet takes ladles before and dur-
Tng conflrement: Infants adopted: $15; $5
. rooms & board: 25 years' experience. 2a>3 7th.
MRS. DR WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints; Instant relief guaranteed; <J0
y ea ,V experience. 728 Post St.. near Jone>.
DR G W O'DONNELL — All who are sick or
in troutie consult this specialist on female
complaints: positively corrected: the unfor-
tunate helped: the most difficult cases trea:-
ed: advice free. Office. 1013 Market st.
MR° DR KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
rna'le troubles and irreiTilarltles; Instant rt>
lief guaranteed. 100S»4 Market St.. opp. 5th.
MRS. D.~ALLEN. HIS Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement, best medical care: low fees.
A maternity villa: private: secluded: confiden-
tial. Dr. E. Funke. 1410 Eighth st.. Alameda.
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk. nr. Van N«ss — Expert
In obstetrics, female comp. ;2o yrs.experience.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES aad HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 112ti Market st.
DR ROSEN, moved to 2995 Folsom st.. cor.
26th: relief $10; ladles' exclusive office.
DR. NO TOY KEE. 319 Powell St.. opposite
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
MIXES AXD MINI.\O.
A VALUABLE PROPERTY.
Investigate at once; it will pay yon; Hj-
foot ledge; assay value $4 13 to $83 10; de-
velopment now beins rapidly pushed forward.
WYANDOTTE MINING AND MILLING
CO.. 17 Chronicle bldg.; hours. 10 to 3 ami
7 to tt. '
HELP WAXTEP— FEMALE — Cou - -
A COOK and housework girl, » In family, Peta-
luma, $30 fare paid and eee party here; a
cook for hospital, J25 and found; a chamber-
maid for hotel in city. $•".«> and room, no
board; an assistant nurse. San Rafael, $20; a
second girl, 2 in family. Sausallto. $25; a
waitress for a commercial hotel in country,
$25. MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter St.. near
Powell.
A GERMAN or Swiss woman as working
housekeeper for 2 gentlemen in city, $30.
MISS PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter St., near
Powell. __^_________
A FRENCH nursery governess for city place,
best of wages; also a German nursery gov-
erness for city best of wages: a maid and
seamstress $30: a nurse for baby, $20. MISS
PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter ft., near Powell.
A— TWO waitresses for same hotel In Arizona.
$25, fare paid and eee party In town. MISS
PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter St.. near Powell.
AN Irish Catholic nurse for 2 children. $35.
must have references: a cook. 3 in family,
$30; a second girl for small family In city,
$25; a cook for small boarding-house, $35: a
nurse for 1 Infant, $20. MISS PLUNKETT,
425 Suttrr St., near Powell.
GIRLS FOR FACTORY WORK; GOOD
WAGES: PAID WHILE LEARNING:
STEADY EMPLOYMENT: EXPERIENCE
NOT NECESSARY; APPLY AT ONCE.
AMES *: HARRIS.
100 SACRAMENTO ST.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit
; and canning; steady work; highest wages.
Apply California Canneries Co., Brannan
St.. between Third and Fourth.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-*
! ETERS; NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY;
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'3
FACTORIES. 32 Mi FREMONT ST. AND 1873
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH. j
WOMEN and clrls to work on fruit; steady
employment: day and piece work; highest
wages. CODE-PGRTWOOD CANNING CO..
Bryant and Tenth.
GOOD finisher on custom coats; steady work:
good wages. 110 Olive ave., off Polk, be-
tween Kills and O'Farrell sts. "
GIRL to assist housework; four adults. 2073
Bush street.
GIRL to mark clothes and help office girl: $3
week; chance to advance. 1101 Howard st.
1 A WAITRESS. 1702 Mission st.
WANTED— A second-class finisher on custom
i coats. Call (357 Minna st.. near Eighth.
i WANTED— Reliable woman to take charge or
rent small rooming-house. 417 Harrison st.
WANTED — Apprentices to learn hairdressing
and manicuring; paid while learning. Apply
at HALE BROS/^
VVANTED— Hairdresser and manicure. Apply
I at HALE BROS.' t t
! COMPETENT nursery maid; neat and willing:
some pecond work. Call 1441 Ea*t Sixteenth
St., near Fruit vale ave.. Frultvnte; carfare
allowed.
GIRLS to Warn millinery now for fall season;
trade taught from start to finish In one month
for $5: positions guaranteed at $10 week up.
Eve. School only. 143 Stockton st.. rm. 13.
ITALIAN lady who can upeak English wanted
tot travel. Apply Girls' Directory. Central
ave. and Waller Bt. ' ______^
MIDDLE-AGED woman assist in housework:
small family. 530 Golden Gate ave.. 10 to
12 m.
DRIVING gloce makers and banders and Bilk-
ers; steady. CARSON GLOVE CO.. 123 Sec-
ond st. y_
ITALIAN lady who can speak English wanted
to travel. Apply Girls' Directory. » Central
ave. and Waller st.
ELDERLY German Catholic woman for house-
work: $7 per week. 1071 Market st.
WANTED— Experienced lace saleswoman. Ap-
ply between !• and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
GIRL for genera) housework; plain cook; $20
to $25. 1012 Twelfth st.. Oakland.
A— Practical Millinery School, estab. 14 years;
terms easy. M0 O'Farrell. for. 1000 Van New.
GIRL wanted for general housework. 1007
Lyon st.; good wages.
WANTED— Women to work In cannery. Apply
Webster St.. near McAllister. '
WANTED — Lady as business agent: itout pre-
ferred; good salary. Box 4640. Call.
TAILORESS as pants finisher and apprentice.
5% Kearny St., room 17, y top flcor.
HELP WASTED— MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S EMP. AGENCY.
429 Bush st 642 Clay st.
Hello, Grant 185.
SHIPPING DAY TO-DAY— FREE FARE
FOR NEVADA.
Stonecutters, $3 50-$4 day; fence builders,
$2 25.
Tunnelmen, muckers, $2, (2 25, $2 50, $3,
$3 50. •-¦¦¦,
CHATSWORTH PARK, L. A. CO., CAL.
Machine men, drillers $3-$2
(Bonus 25c day remain until work is done.)
CASPAR TUNNEL, MENDOCINO CO., CAL.
Tunnelmen. laborers, teamsters $2-$2 75
2 high bridge men... $2 50 day
(Steamer nails to-day.)
FOR S. P. CO.'S OWN WORK (ALL DI-
VISIONS).
Section, extra gangs..... $1 70
(Absolutely Free Fare For All Abovst)
50 men, country sawmill, north. $42-$72 found
Brick crew, burners, setters, wheelers....
$.T5-$45 found
2 rough carpenters, country, see boss here. $3
Farmers, milkers, hay balers, choremen....
v , .$25-$35
Blacksmiths, wheelwrights, lcvermafn for
dredger .$80 found
10 men to handle lumber .....25c hour
Tunnelmen, muckers, near city.... $2 25-$2 75
Hundreds of others, too numerous to adver-
tise.
HOTEL AND RESTAURANT DEPART-
MENTS.
2 barkeepers, hotel..... $50 found
Beer tapper. ........:; :....¦.. ......$30 board
Broiler, country hotel, free fare ....$60
Meat . and pastry cook, '.country hotel, free
fa re $S0
25 cooks, city and country. .. . . • ." $35-$75
25 waiters, city and country. :.. $35-$45
Dishwashers, pot washers. kitchen hands,
city - and country; :- bellboys, ; elevator boys.
f housemen, porters. $15-$:$0
C. R. HANSEN' &. CO.'S EMP. AGENCY.
429 Bush st 642 Clay st. j
ONE or two capable boys. 16 or 18 years old,
can secure -home and education In flrst-class
' private school In return for duties after school
hours. Address " box ; 3306. Call office.
EM PLO YMEJfT WAJTTEP— MAJLE.
A YOUNO man with 16 years' of city refer-
ences wishes a position with, a reliable firm,
taking orders and collecting; cash bond
given if required. Box 3304. Call office.
TOUNO man would llk» position on private
place doing chores and working in gardan;
can milk; city or country. Address box 810,
Call office. Oakland. -
RELIABLE elderly roan wishes position about
private place or care-taker of. farm or courj-
try place i strong and willing. Box 4858. Call.
GOOD cook wants work or will do second work.
456 Sixth St.. room 30.
BOOKKEEPER and accountant wishes one or
more sets of books to keep; afternoon or
evening; competent to straighten out any class
of accounts; city reference; terms reasonable.
Box 4ttttO. Call office. ,
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper desires permanent
situation; rapid and accurate worker; good
references. Including present employers; not
afraid of work. Address box 808. Call office,
Oakland. '¦_
BRIGHT, energetic, strictly first-class young
man desires to represent reliable firm as col-
lector or solicitor; speaks English and
Swedish. Addrees box 808. Call. Oakland.
STEWARD — Position wanted by a good all-
round man in hotel or club; the beat of
Eastern and California references. Address
H. BEM1S. 8210 Laguna st.
A GERMAN, middle-aged and single, wishes
a situation in grocery store and barroom ;
flrst-claas refs. W. Bohllng. 417 Kearny st.
HOUSE painter. Eastern man, wants work;
small Job* and contracts taken. Address
Painter. 1121 Webster St.. city.
TOUNO man wants position as bookkeeper;
good references; good experience. Box 4687,
Call offlo.
COACHMAN — German, capable, experienced
and sober, wishes position; city or country.
Box 4071. Call. ¦
YOUNO man willing to work; experienced In
saddlery, hardware and harness goods; would
' like to have a position. Box 4092, Call.
YOUNG man with excellent references and ex-
perience wants position as clerk in hotel or
rooming-house. Box 4B4». Call.
CLERICAL situation desired by young man
with experience in office of wholesale grocery
house. Address Box 4288, Call.
GARDENER— German, good, reliable: handy
with tools; city or country. Box 4672, Call.
YOUNG bartender wishes position, German.
Box 4065. Call. •__
CHINESE, excellent, first-class cook, wishes
position, $05 per month; meat and pastry
cook, hotel, boardlng-hiyse or private family.
$40 per month; give good references; satis-
faction. 622 Sacramento st. ; C. W. F.
JAPANESE strong man wants a rWtlon to
do cooklnK and general housework; $7 week.
AKI. 1217 Jones st,. city.
JAPANESE man anfl wife would like sltua-
tlon ta do general housework. M. FRANK.
1909 Fillmore st ¦
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
FUbscriptlons has been established at 1090
Valencia St.
jTZXAXClAL.
COMPANIES incorporated and financed; stock
and bond Issues guaranteed, underwritten and !
sold; stock accepted for services.* Seud lor
Pacific States Investor. PACIFIC STATES ;
MINING AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post.
FLATS TO LET. |
HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list; ser- ;
vice absolutely free; .lake advantage of this
department: it will §ave you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 215-259 Geary
ft., on the square.
A SUNNY corner upper 6-room flnt. basement:
half block from Market St.. within 13 min-
utes' ride of Golden Gate Park: Castro and
Eighteenth -st. cars. S043 Seventeenth st.
CORNER Noe cn1 Elizabeth stK: new. sunny
flat on corner, 1050 Noe st. ; modern improve-
ments; convenient to Twenty-fourth and Ca*-
tro-st. cars; rent reasonable. •
I NEW modern middle and upper Mats ot rt and
7 rooms: Just completed; Pacific ave.. near ,
Larkin st. Inquire 1435 Stockton st.
SACRAMENTO. 2S50-2S60— Swell, sunny 7-
room flats.; just completed; seen to be appre-
rUted. .' ;
A PUNNT middle flat, 6 rooms and bath. 1040
Page St.. between Stanyan and Shrader. ]
COTTAGE of 4 sunny rooms and yard. 132 i
Roee ave.. bet. Gough and Octavta, nr. Mkt. ;
EI>DY. 1WX), near D^lsadero— Fine, sunny, !
! modern flat; 7 rooms.
! ELEGANT flat: C rooms, bath. «H) Golden
i Gate ave.. near Van Neas; modern; cheap.
! LIBERTY. 221. near Dolores— Flat of 5 rooms,
, bath, gaa; cheap rent. -.
NEW upper. 0 extra large r. & b.. cor. Ful-
ton & Pcctt: fine view; sep. entranc-e; sunny.
NEW upper corner flat. 7 rooms *tnd bath.
j 30S Church *t., one block from Market.
NOE. 151 — Sunny corner flat; :i bay-windows;
« rooma nnd bath: north of Market.
1 POLK. 2500. cor Filbert — Lovely "punny corner
i flat. 7 rooms; marine view; rent $35.
i Sacramento! ises— Bay-window flat of 3
i rooms; separate entrance; rent $12 50.
TO iet— Flat of foiir rooms: 1897 O'Farrell.
HOOKER & LENT. 14 Post St.
4 NICE room*, bath, toilet, yard, cellar, gas;
adults. 1»17 Geary «t.
FLATS TO LET — UXKURMSHED.
SMALL' refined family can get a gunny fur-
nished' flat In a most desirable locality rent
free for owner's board. Box 49B7. Call.
FLATS FOll SALE — FURXISHED.
A NEWLY furnished flat of 5 rooms and
bath at a sacrifice; owner going east; rent
F25. Call at VW'i Oak st. 11 to 12 a. m. or
7:30 to 0 d. m.: no dealers.
SUXNY flat. 7 rmn. ; good place to rent rmi;
must be eold; bargain. 512V4 Leavenwortn.
8- ROOM flat, furnished; must be sold at once.
Apply at 114A Kills st.
FURMTURE WANTED.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 44C2,
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
UEIiH WA.Vl'KO KE.HAL15.
AT C. It. HANSEN & CO.'S. .Hello Grant 1S5
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Waitress, new resort. . steady work, fare
paid $25
Pantry girl, same place $'_'O
Waitresses*, commercial hotels. Woodland,
Marysville, San Jose, Stockton, country ho-
tel, I'etaluma $25-*20
Waitress, strictly lpt-class hotel. country.»23
Pastry cook, city ?;>¦»
Cook, few boarders, resort, steady work, j
party here $.'i0
Man and wife, cook and porter, small board-
ing-house, city $40
Man and wife. Janitor and cook, for 3,
rooming-house, city $t5
Restaurant waitress $1 25 d<<>
Cashier, restaurant $25
Laundress, springs, short distance, fare paid.
$.">0
2 waitresses, summer resort, fare paid... $25
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
German or Scandinavian house girl, 2 in
family, short distant'*", party here, good
home, $25; hous> girl, 4 adults, Belmont,
*l"5: house girl, near Stockton, party heie,
$25: second girl, country, $25; cooks, house
girls, necond girls, nurse girls, $15$r$30.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 420 Bush st.
A HOUSEKEEPER for father and sen and 2
hired men; $30; fare paid. C. R. HANSEN
& CO.. 42U Bush st;
HAIRDRESS1NG, manicuring, massage, hair
work; removal of superfluous hair taught
from A to Z In 2 weeks for $4 50; .position*
guaranteed; $10 to $20 per week; school day
and eve. 233 Geary r. 13: maids prepared.
A— LADIES, learn all branches hairdressing
trade; manicuring, massage, etc.; 123d Mar-
ket Ft., cor. Jones, room 04: positions secured
at highest wages: day and eve. class; call.
PICK hops! Excursion 'to El Robles ranch
on Russian River fixed for August IS only
instead of August 25. as previously adver-
tised; call Immediately for El Robles tick-
ets; excursions to Horstvllle and Perkins now
going dally, families and young people pre-
ferred; heavy crops; excellent pay: beautiful
ramps; plenty amusements." E. CLEMENS
HORST CO.. 122 Battery St., S. F.; office
open till S:30 to-night.
A — OPERATORS on children's woolen dresses
and coats; good pay; steady position. 656
Mission St., 3d floor. ' . . ¦
WANTED — Experienced bowmaker for ribbon
department. Apply Superintendent's office,
THE EMPORIUM. --- ¦ . ;
WANTED — Middle-aged lady take charge and
run small rooming-house. Apply 42 Turk St.;
reference.
A — OPERATORS on ladles' underwear; good
pay; steady position. 656 Mission st.. 3d floor.
GIRL to do housework and plain cooking. Ap-
ply S25 Golden Gate ave.
GIRL for light housework and assist care of
child. Apply 10 to 2. 3043 California st.:
GIRL, for plain cooking and general housework
1440 O'Farrell st. . ._'
GIRL for general housework. 1053 Market st.
upstairs. *
TALENTED amateur performem. Apply at
Chutes 6 p. ra. Wednesday: salary no object.
GIRL, light housework, no cooking; $10. Call
three days, >1307 Jackson street.
GIRL to help to wait on table from 11' to 2
515 Valencia street.
*• HBI.P WAXTKD HUE Ton.
PACIFIC /EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
•• • W*. . i 520 Sacramento St
Cor. Leidesdorft St PHONE MAIN ll'Jl
ON US YOU CAN RELY
AND WELL BE SATISFIED
-ASTORIA OREGON ASTORIA
on Columbia River Close to PORTLAND
FEE *1 FEE H FARE #3
including berth and meals on steamer.
We ship on tha O. R. & N. Co.'s fine big SS.
"COLUMBIA" To-morrow morning
COMPANY WORK No DISCOUNT
NO STRIKE
25 laborers. $51 50 found.
25 rockmen. $50 found.
BIG CROWD GOING TO ASTORIA
k ARE YOU?
GOVERNMENT WORK
NEW CAMP...,. NEW WORK NORTH
25 laborers and drillers $2 60 day
NO DISCOUNT Special rate of fare
ARIZONA— FREE FARE.."
4 stonecutters, ccynpany work $3 50 day
SHIP TO-NIGHT ARIZONA
WILLITS NORTH UKIAH ROUTE
20 laborers and. teamsters, $2 25 day. FEE $1
FREE FARE.J FREE FARE
....... STEAMER— SAILS TO-DAY
..CASPAR— BIG TUNNEL — FREE FARE..
75 laborers, teamsters and tunnelmen, $2 to
$2 75 day FEE $1 FREE FARE
BOSS— HERE TO-DAY
BUTTE CO., CHICO, DIAMOND MATCH CO.
FEE $1 Very cheap fare
,Vt laborers. 2-horRe teamsters, muckers and
woodchopi>ers, $07 50: 50 4-horse teamsters
and rockmen, $75. t=hlp to-night.
SUPT. HERE TO-DAY
TUOLUMNE CO.. ?1 50 fare, balance free
FEE 51.
120 laborers, mills and yards, board yourself,
$C0.
OREGON— 20 coal miners FREE FARE
20 coal miners .-...FA RE PAID OREGON
ARIZONA— 20 laborers 1 cent mile rate
FREE FARE— BIG TUNNEL— NEAR CITY
20 laborers, ?»i0 20 tunnelmen, $75
3 muckers, tunnel, near city $U0
SISKIYOU CO.. Ship to-night
HIG LUMBER CO.— Al JOB........
10 laborers, mill. $2 40 day: lo lumber pliers. '
$2 75 day; 10 boys, box factory, $1 75; screw
fetters, $3 50 day; 10 crosscus sawyers, $52
fo'^nd.
NEW sash and door factory. .CHEAP FARE
& young men learn trade, $1 50 to $2 25 day
BIG TUNNEL, near city R-hour shifts
10 rruckers, $(!7« 5<i: 10 tunnelmen. $S2 50.
MISCELLANEOUS
2o miners, all over, $2 25 to $3 day: 50 labor-
ers and muckers. $2 to $2 50 day; 10 laborers,
furnace. $2 to $2 25 day: M> labor-
era, city p.nd country. $2 to ?2 25 day: 15
farmers, all over. $-0 to $40 found; black-
smith. Government work. $-'t day: 2 milkers.
$•'55 found; 2 choremen, $25 found: second
cook.' city. $50 found: cook. b. h.. $40 found;
dishwashers, etc.; 20 laborers, cheap fare,
large sawmill, Humbo'dt <*o.. $35 found: 50
woodchoppers and shingle bolt cutters, Hum-
boldt Co. Men call and read our bulletin
boards: a great many Jobs on them not ad-
vertised; also get a free list of Jobs at Pacific
Employment Agency, 520 Sacramento st., cor.
Leldesdorff st.
COOK and wife for smnll institution. $50: in-
side servant, private family. $.15 and found:
kitchen crew, country hotel. $110; cook and
Wife, $Srt; hotel c>ok. $C0; second cook and
dishwasher, $50; cook and dishwasher, small
Institution, Jf!5»t: bellboy. $15 and found;
waiter, country hotel. $30 and found: 2 dlsh-
washerp. country hotel, V-U\ and others. J.
F. CROSETT k 'CO.. GVS Sacramento st.
YOUNG Eastern driver for milk wacon. $75;
2 farmers ami wives. $10 and $50 and found:
milker for Sant;i Barbara Co.. $.'50 and found:
foreman for fruit ranch. $40 ami found; 2
chortmen, ?15 and $25 and found; 2 sheep-
herdeiB. $.10 'and found; 2 blacksmiths. $3
day: - blacksmith helpers and floor men,
$1 50 ami board and $2 day; 4 plain carpen-
ters, $3 day: 0 ¦ lumber pliers. 25c hour: 5'
miners, $." day; 50 laborers for mines and
; quarry, $2 50 day and $1 50 day and board;
1 S woodchoppers for mine, *1 50 cord, 10
. quarrymen, S2 25 day, and others. J. F. i
CROSETT & CO., «2S Sacramento st.
ANDRE'S Office, 317 Stockton et.— Walter,
hotel. •>:;"; assist it tit waiter. $7 a week; om-
nibus, club.'- $25: cook, country hotel. $45;
cook, small place. $.15; sllverman. $30; pan-
. tryman. hotel, $2i>; dishwasher, $7 a week;
kltchsn hand, hotel, $30;. potwasher. $30;
French 'boy, private place, $25: stableman,
country. $30, etc.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r. 12.
DUhwasher, $.15; waiter. $40. and 3 bellboys.
PICK hops! Excursion to El ¦ Robles ranch
on RuBsian River fixed for August 18 only
instead of Augu«t 25. as previously adver-
tised; call immediately for El Robles tickets;
excursions to . Horstvllle and Perkins now
going dally; families and young people pre-
ferred: heavy crops; excellent pay; beauti-
ful camps; plenty amusements. E. CLEM-
ENS HORST CO.. 122 Battery st.. S. F.;
office open til! 8:."M) to-r.lght.
YOUNG man or girl a* stenographer and type-
writer; one with knowledge of bookkeeping
• preferred ; for wholesale house. Box 4697,
Call office.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 per
pair, foot-form shoes at $2 60. or orthopedic
thoes. $3 60; beet shoes on earth. 11 Third
St., Examiner building. 6 doors from Market.
UNION barber wanted. 1007 Valencia St., near
Twenty-fifth.
BARBER— Steady, 700 Geary street. r ;
FIRST-CLASS barber wanted. 5C2 Turk street.
TAILORS wanted on fine custom coats; steady
work; good ray. 533 Natoma st.
GROCERY clerk: must give references. SW.
corner Twentieth and Hampshire sts.
WANTED — Tinsmiths and young men helpers
at 110 Steuart st.
WANTED — Steady man. tend shooting gal-
lery. $8 week. Call 416 Dupont st . about 11.
WANTED— Good 'doth man. Box 3303. Call
office. __/
.WANTED — Porter who understands cleaning.
GOLDEN WEST HOTEL. Ellis st.
GOOD bootblack wanted. 1531 Polk street.
A GOOD second cook wanted. Apply at 16
Market . street. -
WAITER wanted. 21 Mission street.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair:
¦ foot-form shoes at $2 00; we pay express or
mall charges. 11 Third st.. Examiner bldg.
BOY • wanted to learn plumbing trade. 31 #
Ninth street. •
GOOD waiter wanted. Apply after 10 o'clock
at 135 Powell at. _••¦ '. .
2 MEN td^J«' Janitor 'work for tuition. West-
- ' ern Barber School. 647 Commercial st. .
BARBER' shop;' four living rooms; carpeted;
old establishment. 229 Hayes st.
BARBERS — 2-chalr shop -and 'living rooms;
'snap this week. 230S Howard street.
SAJT FRAXCISCO CA.LI*.
BUSIKEES OFFICE ot The San Francisco
Call, corner Market and Third streets; cpen
cot!! 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES — 627 Montgomery street,
eomer Clay; open until 8:30 p. m.
300 Hayes street; open until 8:30 p. m.
€39 McAllister street; open until 8:30 p. m.
«5 Lark in street; open until 8:30 p. in.
1041 Mission street: open until 10 p. m.
22C1 Market street, corner Sixteenth: open
entil 8 p. tn.
10* Eleventh street; cpen tint 11 9 p. ra.
1096 Valencia street: open until 8 p. m-
Northwest corner cf Twenty-eeccnd and Ken-
tucky streets; cpen until 9 p. m.
22C0 Flllmore Ftreet: open until 9 P- m.
MKETIXC SOTICKS.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1. K. «^«
T.— Special assemly THIS EVEN- iggr
INO at ,7:30 o'clock. Order of Red jw<
<*roM. All fraters courteously Invited. 'Qr
THOMAS II. BROWNE. Commander.
T. L. HENDERSON. Recorder. \
SAN Francisco Chapter No. 1. Royal »
Arch Masons, metis THIS EVEN- Vy
ING. M. M. degree. , /^TA
11. G. PRINCE. Secretary.
OCCIDENTAL Ix>dKe N". 22. F. and A. a
M.. meet* THIS (MONDAY) EVEN-WKT
INC.. at 7:3» o'clock. First degree. /V\
By order of the master.
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Sec.
KING Solumon'« Lodge No. 260. F. and m
A M.. 1839 Flllmore st— First degree >*/y
THIS EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. /VN
HARRY BAEHR, Secretary.
ALTA Lodge. No. 2C5. I. O. O. F. o**S2jfc,
- Tie officers ar.i members cf £jSr35*i<
A:ta Lo<ipp are requested to »t-^&?i^?o~
tend the funeral of Bro. Umhalt "»«»*»
from Odd Fellows' Hall. Tl'EFPAT. Aug. II.
at 2 p. m. ALF. VOLIGNY. N. G.
TO the efflrers and members of Locals vijit
222 and 23ft. I. L. M. and T. Assocla- SOS.
tion — You «ire hereby notified to attend the
<olnt meeting of abov» locals to be held at
Turk-et Temple 117 Turk Ft., on WEDNES.
DAY EVENING Augrust 12. at 7 o'clock.
By order of JOS. DE MALDER.
Chairman Joint Commute*.
L. Ti RICHARDSON Sec. for Local 222.
HENRY JEND. Rec. Soc. Local 230.
AGEXTS WASTED.
"HOW to earn $100 in thirty minutes": no
canvajtsJnc: no Helling; ver>d name and al-
drew to secretary, room 202. Spreckels An-
nex. San Francisco.
WANTED— 2 or 3 house to house canvassers;
pood position fcr first-class men. Apply at
1114 Washington St.. Oakland, bet. S» and 12
a. m., room 3.
ONE agent tn every town t» handle absolutely
new article ; sells at si.!:;. Addrees Ameri-
can Specialty Co.. St. Paul. Minn.
ATAgTMEKTS TO LET.
"L'L MONTHRKY." the city's newest apart-
ment hotel, located on the north elrte of
P:ne et.. between Hyde and Leaven worth; a
euperfo brick buil<*.lnc of Spanish architec-
ture: all the comforts of housekeeping- com-
bined with the conveniences of hotel Ilf<>; for
$30 per month you can secure here an unfur-
nished H-room apartment, consisting of lar^e
livir.g-room with gas grate and mantel, bed-
room with bay-window and clo*?t; kitchen
equipped with gas range, built-in clilna
closet and hot and nld water: bathroom
with toilet and porcel&ln tub (hot and cold
t water): this price also includes Janitor ser-
vice night and day and lnpht and day ele-
vator service; only ten n:;nutcs" walk from
Powell and Market; see these apartments
t«vdsy.
APASTME2TT HOUSES.
THE VON NTDACK. 873 Post— Unfurnished
apartments of 4 rooms and bat'i each, In-
cluding free Janitor and elevator service;
hot and cold water throughout; Fteam heat:
ocean water for bath*; electricity; a roof
garden and house system of phenes: sunny
and modern. For terms apply oc premises
or to & CO.. e«57 Market Bt.
THE MANHEIM. CS2 Sutter st.. bet. Mason
and Taylor, opp. Gclden Gate Hall — New
house ( newly furnished, opened July 20. 19<J3:
electric lighting; private phone; open plumb-
ing; sur.r.y rooms; direct car to ferry. Cliff
House and rark.
ASTROLOGY.
Astrology taught, horoscopes cast. Prof. Ray-
mond. book.store.64U Ellis. By mail If desired.
ATTOIUVEYS AT LJLW.
ADVICE FREE— ALL LEGAL MATTERS. ""
DIVORCE AND PUOBATE CASES.
No pay in advance — No charge without
Success; estates, attachments, damans.
R. C. ADAMS.
Room 316. third floor. Exavin^r bunding.
ROBT. W. KING, atty-at-law. Examiner Md.,
rci. Cll; all cases, damages, estates, wills,
attachments, collections, etc.; '^onvultst'.-iu
free: no advance charges; call or write;
evec^sgs by appointment. Tel Red SC01.
ADVICE free — I will advance cost in meritori-
ous cases, divorces, probate and all ether law
cases: bo fees In advance; open every even-
ing. 3. M. THCRSTON. Sl» Market et.. r. 31.
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty ,qulck,qulet;
no charge without euccess; established 13 yrs.
O. W. HOWE. 1122 Market rt.. opp. Hale's.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Sprockets bldg.. 027 Mar-
ket st.; consultation free: no fees in advance.
AITKEN & AITKEN. attorneys, rs. 3UD-10-U
Clunle bldg.. SQ3 California st.: tel. Main 727.
DIHUS. DOGS. ETC.
VC'JNU talking j»arrota. $5 each :German singing
ranarier. $2; we will try to please rouievery-
thlr.g in our lln» at right prices. 1M Market.
BUSINESS CHANCICS.
A — $U£6; CORNER saloon in wholesale dls-
itrict; ertab. many years, and known as a
first-class paying business. Eee R. G.
WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A— $323: RESTAURANT and coffee saloon, on
Post et.; rtnt $30; average dally receipts.
fl8; a r.arjr»tn. R. G. WILKE. 2<i'4 Kearny.
ARE you trying to cell your business? Well.
See H. \V. WILFORD.
Business Agent.
3 Taylor Bt.. corner Golden Gate ave.
RESTAURANT— $6oO. RESTAURANT.
One of the best paying places in city; re-
ceipts average $40 cash daily; don't d^lay;
th* tw*t bargain ever offered. WILFORD.
3 Taylor st.
FOR sa!e— A few shares of Pacific States Tele-
phone stock. I'. \ .-:::'.'., Call office.
$C0<>— SALOON: br-twet-n Fifth and Sixth. How.
«r<j and Market Ets.; long lease. 021 Howard.
FOR sale — At YountviHe. Cal., a a-room road-
house and bar. furnished, piano included;
owner wishes to go East. Address MKS. J.
E. COSTKLLO. YountviHe. Napa Co.. Cal.
WANTFD — Good corner saloon, downtown;
$K«)0 to $3<»00; no agents: must etand investi-
gation. Addrfre box 4CJ2. Call office.
$75<l — PARTNER wanted; old established whole-
K&le fruit and produce business; business re-
quires more help; good chance. Box 41*01, Call.
$375 BUYS paying comer saloon; good stock;
ewell fixture; cafe, cash register; low rent;
make offer to-day; departure. 204 Fourth et.
RESTAURANT; rushing buflness; seating C2;
»:nap; no Sunday work; departure. bt>6
Fourth et.
FIRST-CLASS i>owllng alleys tn lively bay
town fcr rent. Addrers box 4633, Call.
I~OR eal*— Good-paying laundry route. In-
quire W. AIKEN. 3372 Mission «L
KENT $15: rpace to lot for cigar stand. In-
quire 416 Dupont Ft.
TAILORS — For «ale, old established buehellng
ehep. Apply 1505 Market, off Van Ness.
KJRST-CLAKS bakery for sale In country
town. Address Box t«05. Call office. Oakland.
OUTSIDE route No. 4 this paper for saleT
Inquire hardware store. 18th and Folsom sts,
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch olflce. 2200 Flllmore sL
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
FUbscrtotions has been established at 1096
Valencia ft.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
100 ROOMS; house fcr men; rent $140 $4000
rs roo:n«; south of Market; rent $100. 2000
24 rooms; corner; part cash; bal. eary. 830
11 roome: stood Income: rent 420 s.'.O
21 rooms: water front; rent $40; lease. 6S0
120 rooms; good lease; low rent 6500
67 rms.: apartments; Western Add; rent. ZSO
Money leaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels, rcadhouse*. flats 5 to 100 rocjr.s
EITF.L & CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
c AKhKT-UI-ATIMi AXD CLEA.MSO.
Aitt, compreiuted. Cry. ice cold. Is now univer-
tally used in sanitarily cleaning carpets, on
fleer, without removal or injury: prices mod-
erate. Apply 8. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call big. ; phone Main f.2.1T.
VHKN you become distrusted with your work
rend for PPAt;LDIN<3'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
injr Works. 355-^7 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beatint; Co.,'J. McQueen,
proprietor, 329 Guerrero et.. tel. Mission 49.
TRY HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet-beating;
tr.attre— >.« made over. 1422 Howard ; South 216
AHVANCE Carpet Cleanlo* Co.. 4O2 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 3ft4. GEO WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison el. ; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
- SZ3 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 120.
HELP WASTED MALE Con.
murray' * readt.
634-636 Clay st. Phone Main 6S43.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Our office half block long; 14 clerks employed
By our own printing plant we publish a
free bulletin of labor nightly; ready for dis-
tribution 7 a. m. ; also noon and evening
editions. Get one.
THIS IS WHAT
MADE US FAMOUS.
We know No Distinction Between Man and
Man.
TOUR ARE ALL EQUAL.
TOU ARE ALL WELCOME.
1902 We Gave lfKH We'll Give
45.000 Men Work. 60,000 Men Work.
We shin you Free to one
Free to-day. Free to all.
Ogden. Utah. All parts Nevada,
Los Angeles County, Santa Barbara.
Chatsworth Park, i Hawaiian Islands.
Santa Susana,. Oregon,
San Fernando, Washington,
Los Angeles County. Central America.
Arizona, Wllllts. Ukiah.
And All Points North. East. South.
Including Ogden. Utah.
Carpenters and helpers, pile drivers, fence
builders, drillers, single, double and machine
men. corner and bench baritls. muckers, chuck
tenders, car dumpers, teamsters, laborers,
track men, cooks, waiters, blacksmiths, etc.. |
$5, $4, (3 CO, $a, $2 50, $2 day.
Free fare. Free fare. Free fare. I
Everybody talking. Thousands going.
Are you? Are you? Are you?
MURRAY & READY,
634 and 606 Clay st.
MECHANICAL HELP.
68 blacksmiths, $3.
0 helpers, $2; 12 bench hands, $3 50.
9 carpenters, $3 to $4.
Carriage makers, $4. -
12 coot>ers. lie barrel.
» brick molders. $3 50: iron worker, country.
155 other mechanics. $3 to $6 day.
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay st.
155 Coal Miners. Oregon. Free Tart.
155 Coal Miners. Oregon. Going Free.
Fre« Fare— 55 Men— Willlts— Uklah— To-day.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay «t.
BOYS. BOYS. BOYS.
12 boys for a box factory; fare $5; $32 80 and
found. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
BIO SHASTA LUMBER
LUMBER TRUST. SHASTA. TRUST.
15 laborers, general work, you'll suit, $>. ou.
2 screw setters. $105.
2 off bearers. $82 50.
10 cross-cutters for woods work. $G0 and fd.
25 laborers to pile lumber. $82 50.
SPECIAL FARE. $5; STEADY. Good Jobs.
MURRAY A READY. 631-636 Clay st.
$5,000,000 BANKING SYNDICATE.
25 men among fruits, etc.. fare $1. $2tt found.
MURRAY A READY. 63»-«36 Clay st.
$1 TO BUTTE— $1. CHICO.
20 teamsters, laborers and axmen. $75.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
WHERE ARE THEY?
86 LUMBER TRUSTS AND SYNDICATES.
LOCATED IN FOUR STATES.
MANAGERS HERE. TWO TERRITORIES.
FREE — FARE: — FREE.
995 laborers, no experience wanted, $35 to $70
and found.
180 experienced mill. and yard men, $40 to
$150 and found.,
' 3H3 woodsmen, $40 to $150 and found.
Stickermen. Tallymen.
Spool tenders. Machinists.
Buckers. trackmen. Line pullers.
Blacksmiths, wood turners, barkers, car
loaders.
Tree fellers. Jack screwers.
Log loaders. Bhlngle sawyers.
Dolbeer loggers. Carriage setters.
Swampers, and trimmers. Gang edgermen.
Saw niers.
Pcnd men, band sawyer.", carriage doggers,
fortera, graders and peelers, chain tenders,
shingle .packers, also Jointers, chute build-
ers. $40. $50. $«O. $70. $80. $00, $10O to $150
month and found.
3S6 woodchoppers, tlemakers, shingle, post,
picket and box bolt makers; tools and pro*
visions found.
TJIG L MURRAY & READY.
TRUSTS. 634-636 Clay st.
NEW RAILROAD WORK.
155 Italians. FREE FARE.
155 Greeks. FREE FARE.
155 Austrian?. FREE FARE.
Board yourselves; managers at our office;
see them.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
GOLD— SILVER.
COPPER— COAL.
SPECIAL.
10 machine miners, large gold mining com-
pany, $'J0.
186 miners, single and double hand: machine
men. muckers, timbermen. furnace men. etc.,
SOfl. $S5 and $75 and found.
::stl laborers, no experience required, $60, $75.
Fares from $1 50 to $5; many managers at
our office.
TUNNELS— QUARRIES.
IM'i drillers, hammersmen, laborers, $90, $75
and $G0.
For stables — 12 men. $C0 to $75.
For farms — 125 men. $30. $35. $40 and found.
For orchards'— 25O men. $25. $30 and found.
For dairies — 03 men, $30. -$.15. $40 and found.
For chores — 3U men and boys. $30, $25. $20.
$15 and found.
For hay. harvest — 63 men, $1 50, $2. $2 50
day and found.
o(i fruit pickers. $2<! and found.
LOOK!
30 teamsters, city. $22 week, $2 to $2 60 day.
535 laborers, country, $2. $2 50 a day.
Coachmen, gardeners, private choremen.
MARRIED HELP WANTED.
IS men and wives for mines, ranches, dairie*.
hotels, eawmills, etc.. $40. $50, $60, $70. $S0
and found.
MURRAY &. READY. 634-636 Clay st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT. ETC.
37 cooks, all over California. $00. 9SO. $73.
$K0. $50. $40. $35 and found, for hotels,
min^s. *awmillR. camps, ranches, cafes, res-
taurants, saloons, harvest outfits, etc.; crisp
maker, $10; porter, city store, $40; second
' cook, nllne. $10; also waiter. $30; steward,
$50 and found.
IS waiters. $.'!o, $4O. $30 and found.
:to pot and dish washers, $.15. $30. $2O and fd.
IS bell and elevator boys', porters, bedmak-
crs. $:>0 to $15 and found. t
« butchers. $40. $50. $00. $30 and found.
12 laundrymen. all classes. $18 week up.
f. bakers' helper?. $55. $40. $30 and found.
12 boys. learn trades.
We publish a free bulletin of labor daily,
containing 10.000 positions: get one.
MURRAY & READY.
634-636 Clay st.
CARPENTERS. CARPENTERS.
« carpenter?, 50c fare, all-round men. steady
Job. $liO.
2 carpenters, ranch. 50c fare. $3 day found.
Carpenter as leader: also carpenter, same
place, boss here. $4 and $-1 day. 50c fare.
FREE FARE.
MURRAY & READY. 1J34-G36 Clay st.
GENERAL MANAGER
At our offke to-day from Big Lumber Trust.
TUOLUMNE COUNTY. FARE PAID.
25 laborers for -mills, woods, etc.. 9QO, $1S
off for board, etc.
MURRAY & READY. 034-636 Clay st.
OREGON— FARE PAID TO-DAY.
25 woods and sawmill men.
SANTA BARBARA.
25 Italians, free fare.
LOOK, $1— THAT'S ALL.
684 men for extra and section work of S. P.
own work. . '••" -•'
FREE FARE.
Ship on all trains. Better go. had you not?
MURRAY & READY; C34-636 Clay st.
SPECIAL ON MIDNIGHT
MAIL. PHONE AND TELEGRAPH.
Baker, city Institution, $40 and found.
2 laborers to run car, mine. $1 40 day found.
4 men about threshing outfit, fare $1 60, $40
and found.
Bedmaker. uorter. bellboy, city hotel. $20
and found up. gpECIAU
Also yard man. eame place, $25 and found;
2 carriage setters, boes here. $2 75 day ami
Blacksmith. Alturas. fare paid. $3 50 day.
3 furnace men for mine, $3 fare, $75.
Assayer, old mine, boss here. BIG SALARY.
Buttermaker, also milker, north, $40 and $30
and found.
Men run boring machine or crosscut saw-
yer, $2.
2 waiters, same hotel, fare $2. $30 found.
Man and wife, ranch, boss here, $40 found.
SPECIALLY GOOD.
10 teamsters, 10c fare. $4O and found."
2 hog butchers, $2 to $2 50 day.
Man and wife, both waiters, country. $55 fd
Wood turner, city mill, $3 to $3 Co day
Cook, also dishwasher. Nevada, $80 found
¦ Sheepherder. $£); milker.* Sisklyou County
$35 and found, fare paid.
15 fruit pickers. $30 and found.
Cook, boarding-house, mine town, boss here
$75 and found. '
3 car} men ftor mine, extra good Job, $60."
15 laborers about warehouse, fare $1. $3 day
Sandstone quarryman, boss here, $3 day uio
Blacksmith helper, agricultural works. $2 a
day.
Cut-off saywer. also wood turner, city mill
$2 25 a day iid. * '
2 boys. city, good Jobs. $5 and $6 week.
Electrician, Jarge gold mine, $90.
Choreman, milk 2 cows, fare $1 50. $30 found
3 laborers for mine company, fare $2 60 $15
and found.
Private family man. fare $1 20. $25 found.
FRESNO CO.— FARE PAID.
2 doggers, S. L. Co.. boes here. $2 50 day
2 off-bearers. S. L. Co.. boss here. $2^25 day.
2 hook tenders, S. L. C, boss here, $2 25 day
Shingle sawyer. N. L. Co.. boss here, $3 day
2 shingle packers. N. L. Co.. boss here "c M
2 hay balers, fare $1. 20c to 25c ton.
LOOK AGAIN.
2 brick burners, boss here. $45 and found
.1 brick- wheelers, boss here. $35 and found.
2 brick- setters, boss here. $40 and found.
Janitor for Insurance office, city. $55.
Clerk, country merchandise store.
Clerk, night work, hotel, country. $30 found
Foreman carpenter, 50c fare, plain work!
$3 50 day. , .
Kaundryman. fare paid. '¦ north, call to-day.
Fireman, city planing mill. $2 25 day.
" ; B»*IH- I ' rtrAL ' ISM V
BE *£n S l?'3. Whitney tranc* clairvoyant
business medium and life reader. *lfl Turk
rt!; room 2_ first floor (Hotel Regina).
MME. 8WANSON, spiritual medium and card
reader. 17 Fourth et. ¦
EDWARD EARLE, 1052 Ellis, readings datly,
6:30 to 4; ceancts Sunday and Thursday.
KATIE HEUSSMAN. circle Friday evening.
25c: sittings. 1000 Harrison St.. cor. Sixth.
CXAJB.VOVA3TTS.
A— CALL AT ONCE AND SAVE $2.
My Regular $3 Reading This Week for
(1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 II
PROrESSOR PAUL DESTINE.
The Fir*: ReglFtcred Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever in San Francleco.
I do hereby solemnly asree and guarantee to
make you no charge ir I rail to tell your name,
occupation and what you called for; I promise
to tell you whether husband, wife or sweet-
heart Is true or false; to tell whom and when
you will marry; in fact. 1 will tell you every
hope, fear or ambition better than you can tell
yourself. He restores lest affections, reunites
the separated, causes speedy and happy mar-
riages, makes you successful and prosperous,
cures disease and lost vitality without medi-
cine, locates hidden treasures: hours 10 a m. to
h p.m.: Sunday* 2 to 8. 32(5 O'Farreli St.. 320.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st.. next Examiner
bldg.: she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur In the future; if you are In trouble, dis-
contented or not satisfied in life, or have do-
mestic, love or business troubles, consult this
great medium and you will be told how to
overcome them; valuable advice In all affairs
of life; 25c up; satisfaction guaranteed; read-
ings by mall. Tel. Black 45C9.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
St., cor. Turk; private readings dally, 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m.; readings by mat? as. satisfac-
tory as in person; 3 questions answered, $1;
full life, $5: send lock of hair, date and year
of birth: don't rend currency. Send post of flee,
V.*Wls-Fargo meney order or registered letter.
A — MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card readf - . born with a double veil and sec-
ond tight; tells the past, present and future;
ladles, 50c; gf-nts, $1; by cards, palmistry
ond clairvoyant eltting; $1 60. 1M Turk sL
Mrs. A. H. Kror.enberg. palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader, will give a good reading, 10c, for
a short time only; when others fall try me to
convir.ee yourself. 402 Franklin, mar Grove.
A — Mm Ravenna reads lif-». business advice;
names {riven: 25c up. 5 4th st , near Me.ricet.
! MMi:. HARSEAU. clairvoyant nnd card read-
er; love, business, marriage, 25c. 545 Minna.
M. nELLE~RUSSELL7"paImlst. 55 Third St.;
ladies. 50c; gents, $1; hrs. 10-0 (ex. Sunday^.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25c;
gents. 50c. OM Mission Bt.. nr. 6th; open Sun.
MRS BROWN, clairvoyant card reader: ladles
'J.V; ?ents->0c: readings dally. 132 Sixth st.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in city.-
2ti'i Kearny. room 20; ladles 25c. gents 60c.
MKS. SHAFiTit, clairvoyant card reader: *It-
tincs daily. 44'='4 Jes>le st.. bet. 5th and 8th.
CHIROPODISTS.
LUNLAP FOOT INSTITUTE. 50 Geary— A1J
ellments of the feet cured; corns, bunions.eto.
COLLECTION OFFICES. |
ADVICE tree; bad tenants ejected speedily. CO-
LUMBIAN LAW AGCY.. r. fe5. «l« Market;
tei. Red CIS; collections; gcn'I law business.
BAD tenants ejected for $1; collections ma.le;
c'ty cr country. PACIFIC I COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, roorr.g il-10: tel. R5S0.
COTTAGES TO LET.
I COTTAGE for the r«>nt— $12 50 per month. 5
r. & b. • on Nevada ave.
$20 per month. 5 r. & b.. 1215 Sanchez st
$2n per month, 'o r. & b.. on 2*tth st. with
• a sn-.ali i>aynifnt down. Your friends.
D. COFFIN & CO.. XVXi Mission St.
i COTTAGE. 5 rooms and hath: rent $11; no chil-
dren. 1M> Nevada ave, cor. Cwrtland ave.
i »»———— — — —
* DENTISTS.
L'R. LUliLl'M HILL. 14*3 Market. nr.Eleventh
— No charge lor extracting when plates are
made: old plates made ever like new; teeth
from $S per set: extracting. 50c; gas given.
A NEW plate— The Whalebone— cannot break:
warranted 20 yrs.; crown. $3 50; flUinss. 5&s;
plates, $5: full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicsgo Der.tal Parlors. 24 Sl»th st.
GOLD fllHnK. $1 ; silver. 50c; crowns, $2. Elite
Dental InFt., SS8 Market; open evenings-
PARIS Dental Parlors. 2S5 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Set teeth, f 1 5<> up; croivn*. $2 up: fillings. 25c.
GOLD fillings 75c. ellver .'J5e. crowns $2; no
pain: open Sunday. Dr.O.K.Hewltt.204 Sutt»r.
i 10 PER CENT oft this month; estimates fre*.
I N>-»- Torfc T>ntl«tg. 9CT MIfglcn «=t.. <w. 6th.
j ijKKS!5>iA*vi:iiS A: SEAMSTRESSES.
! McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
— Any' cattern cut to measure. 101U Markft.
ACCOUUION. runburst & knife plaiting, Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
STXX5G Aiizs cLEA-.irra.
SEA breezes sweeten all garments, blankets,
lace curtains, etc.. done by the Presidio
Heights L'ye Works o.tlo Sacramento; phons
lor wagen. West 453. H. HICKMAN. pre».
EDUCATIONAL.
A — CALDWELL College or Oratory, Acting,
\ Opera and Authorship; largest In the West;
14 teachers 1 ; positions guaranteed; fall term
begins Sept. 7; day & evening class; beautiful
new catalogue free. 1235 Market, cor. Ninth.
BAN FRANCISCO business College. 1234 Mar-
ket: modern, progressive, practical; estab-
lished 15 years. Gregg shorthand, fastest,
easiest, most readable. Actual business
: bookkeeping; typewriter at home free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 21 Post. S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches;
day and n!ght sessions; lllus. catalogue free.
AVRES. the h ding business college. 723 Mar-
ket St.; special summer course in all depart-
' rr.-ins; handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
chip, $50; day and evening sessions.
! HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school ot
dancing; est. 'M years; 1412 Palk st., bet.
Pine and California; adult class now open;
children's class wlU cpln Sat. aft.. Aug. 15.
i CALIFORNIA Busings College. .105 Larkin *t.
"A thorouch school": positions secured for
, graduates; modern methods; individual in-
struction. Write for Illustrated catalogue.
' THE Berlitz School of Languages has removed
to 1000 Van Ness ave.; rates reduced during
summer. Send for catalogue. ',
ENGINEERING — Civil, dec. mln.. mech..sur-
vcy, astay. cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School, lia Pulton, nr. City Hall.
STSTEM. discipline and results: the Golden
Gate Commercial College. Van Ness aad
Gclden Gate aves.,S.F.:fllls every requirement
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday. Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonla .Hall. Howard
tt.. near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electricity. 'Jl Poat
f et.. S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue fres.
PIANO and German; pupil of Lelpslc Conser-
vatory: lessens 75c and SI. 346 Golden Gate.
AT Klngsland Art Shop— Drawing, painting
and burnt work. 1I.S4 Halght St., near Lyon.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION D*ay and
PARTINGTONS. 424 Pine St.. ..Night class
EVANISH Academy — Professor Arribas; classes
day and evening: private lessons. 834 Sutter.
LESSONS given In Water Color or OH Palnt-
Ing from Nature. CURRIER. 372 Sutter st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar. writing.
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mlssion.nr. 6th.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market, nr. 10th.
Plttman shorthand, typing, bookkpg.. $8 mo.
E3ITLOYMEIVT OFFICES. ™
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Po3t stTrten^BushTlsi^
Japanefce-Chinese employment office; fur-
nlshes best help; contracts for farm help. eto.
A — OHPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Cblnese help. 42tt Powell. Tel. Main 5752.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp Office 413
Stockton: tcl. Grant 1CS; expert. reliable help.
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
Leon Semite' k 411^ O'Farrell: tel. East 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main lgQ7. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
KMPLOVMEXT WANTED — KEStALE.
AN elderly woman wishes position as nurse or
cook in a email family; no postal cards. 140
Seventh st. , \
SITUATION wanted by Novatla Patlson
woman in small American family; good cook
Call 1230 Market st.
A REFINED German girl wishes situation for
upstairs work; wages $25. 2427 Sutter st.
WANTED — A situation for down fitalrs work"'
• a good cook; references. 2208 Bush st.
HOTEL housekeeper, lady of experience and
ability, desires position in first-class hotel
as managing housekeeper; first-class refer-
ences. Box 4C91. Call office.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. C33 McAllister st.
_ __ . ; i # ; — .
We are proud of this sketch of the maiden so fair,
.For the artist exerted the utmost of care,
.' And If there were a place In this land of the free
Like the Paris salon it would take the Grand Prix.
The gentleman, too, Is a Jolly good fellow.
And, to Judge from T>ls nose, is often found mellow.
' The maid Is a treasure In the work of the farm,
And while she's at the helm there is felt no alarm.
You can get Just such girls through The Call any day,
For our ads never fall, so our patrons all say.LOSES HIS LIFE
WHILE HUNTING
Cloudy or foggy weather prevails alons the
coast from San Francisco to the Columbia
River and fair weather over the Interior, ex
cept in Northern Arizona, where it is cloudy.
Rain has fallen In Northern Arizona. A thun
derstorm is reported from Flagstaff. ;
The pressure has fallen weat. of the Rocky
Mountains. " the ¦ greatest fall being over the
P Th* temperature has fallen decidedly In the
Sacramento Valley and slightly In other dis
tricts. - Temperatures of 100 degrees or over are
reported from • the Sacramento and San Joaquin
Forecast made at San • Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, AugusflO: .
Northern California— Fair Monday, except
cloudy or foggy along the coast; cooler In the
interior; fresh to brUk west wind.
Southern California— Fair Monday; light west
wind. » '.- • •¦"¦'-¦¦ • /
Nevada— Fair Monday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy or foggy
Monday; brisk southwest ' wind. -¦ • ¦"¦•• , $
G. H. WILLSON. Local Forecaster.
WE VTHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
, FORECAST.
J 3 S5 aa °3 **" 2
I iriiii EJ-"f
STATIONS. ;| gl-gS o. a I I
'•an'. I '.
Rah-r 2».8O 86 54 NW Clear Too
Carson".' 2U.74 8S 54 SW Clear .00
l**li i*j*k H. • • ¦ • • * * vU • * • • •¦•¦¦ ••¦
Fresno '.'.'.'.'... 29.02 106 70 NW Clear- .00
Flagstaff .....29.72 82 50 NW Cloudy .4«
Independence .29.66. 96 '70 , SE Clear. .00
Los Angeles... 20. 82 . 80 62 W „ Clear .00
i Mt Tamalpaifl.29.80 88 78 , W Clear .00
North Head!:. 30. 04 58 • 52 NW Cloudy .00
Phoenix ......29.66 £>« 68 W ¦ Clear .26
Pocatello .....29.72 86 54 W Clear .00
Portland -. ...29.02 80 56 NW Clear .00
Point Reyes... 29.78 52 « NW Foggy .00
Red Bluff.;... 20. «2 102 72 SE "Clear .00
Roseburg 2a. 88 88 M N Clear .00
Sacramento ..29.CS 88 56 S Clear .CO
Salt Lake 29.72 90 62 NW Clear .00
San Francisco. 29. 84 56 48 W. Cloudy .00
San L. Obispo.29.82 80 52 S Clear .00
San Dlego.tT.29.se 70 64, SW Clear- .m
Seattle?.. 29.»8 78 54 NW Clear * M
Spokane 20.78 90 M W Clear '.00
Tatooeb 30.02 62 50 SW Clear * .00
Walla WalU.. 29.76 92 6« W Clear .00
Wlnnemucca .29.72 92 60 NW. Clear; .00
Yuma ..'...... 29. 64 104 80 SW Clear .00
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific .Time.) . ,
SAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 9, 1903.
| GRASS VALLEY, Aug. 9.— Andrew
' Hansen, a woodchopper, committed sui
cide In a cabin in the woods ten miles
• below here. Hansen had been missing for
| several days and on a search being: made
his body was found lying on the floor of
the cabin with the head nearly blown oft.
He had placed the barrel of a shotgun
In his mouth and then pulled the trigger.
He had been missing since last .Thursday
. night. ' h'I '¦ .-.¦¦
Woodchopper Commits? Suicide.*
Frame Workers' Union No. 147 . held
its first annual picnic at Buena Vista
Park, Sausalito, yesterday. There were
about 1500 peoplo pres«nt and they had
a very pleasant time. .The picnic was a
grand success. ;i- v >;
Frame-workers' Outing.
The Retail Drug Clerks gave their third
annual picnic at El Campo yesterday and
an immense concourse of clerks, their
families and friends took advantage of the
occasion for a day of pleasure.
Everything possible for the picnickers
had been done by the various committees,
of which William H. Adair was the chair
man. Not a single accident marred the
day's exercises and no untoward event
occurred. v ,.„.».* !i
Many valuable prizes were distributed,
Eome bv lot and others as rewards for
victory in the various races that served to
add interest to the day's proceedings.
Third Annual Picnic of Association
Given at El Campo. .
DRUG CLERKS' OUTING.
Tht following were, the committees in
charge:
Arrangements — C. W. Mueller, president; C.
Zimmerman, treasurer; A. Hagedorn. secre
tary; C. Kerstensen. P. Kahdemann, J. Wles
mann, J. Wemmcr, I\ Schnoor. .W. Lueddeke,
F. Hudemann.
Reception— H. Mohl, II. Echroeder, M. Blan
chard. F. Maas, J...jPape, F. Frenzel. II.
Strauss.
Wheel of Fortune — P. Kahdemann. chalr
inan; J. -Wlesmann. assistant chairman; ,F.
Vogtlaendcr, M. Gobel. F. Mohr, C. Sleverts.
Bowling alley — C. Kerstensen, chairman; F.
Baumann, H. Kessel, W. Maas, O. Simon. — .
Lauterbach, W. Rabe.
Floor — Peter Schnoor. chairman: E. Grels*
wlt», A. ICVause. F. Kx>se, R Jungklnd, W.
Klmme, II. Galzert.
g ar — w. Lueddeke. chairman: C. Kretsch
mann. C. Krueckel. II. Peters, F. Hesaler. M.
Kcker. C. Voztleln.
Candy stand— D. "Wedeklnd, Mrs. Nickel, M.
Buck and Mrs. Ju«rel.
About 4000 people attended the annual
falcnlc and reunion of the united lodges
of Hermann's Sons at Shell Mound Park
yesterday. The time was Bpent in various
athletic and field sports and dancing. A
competitive entertainment was given by
the singing societies of the various
lodges. The prize winners ' will be an
nounced later. •
Crowd Numbering 4000 Attends
Shell Mound Picnic.
HERMANN'S .SONS.
The officers of the assignation are: Fred C.
Hensley. president; Henry L. Blenfleld, first
vice president; Philip J. Diez, second vice pres
ident; Louis S. Cornart, recording secretary;
Samuel G. Drummond, financial secretary;
Richard J. Courtier, treasurer. Board of di
rectors — "W. II. Williams. John J. Mahoney.
SamurJ Baker. Frank E. Haskell, John D. Har
rlss and Henry Itoblnett, marshal.
Arrangements— Matthew F. Smith (chair
man), James Grady, J. J. Cain, Samuel G.
Drummond. Richard Downing.
Floor — Samuel Baker (manager). L. S. Cor
nart (assistant manager), James E. Brltt, J. J.
Colvin. Charles Murray. Samuel B. Kennard,
Patrick Curran. F. S. Hall, Timothy Reagan,
Silas W. Lauder. William Gill, Alfred Flor
anre, Frank II. Kenny, James Buckley, Hugh
McKnight. John J. Nagle and E. A. Richard
eon.
Many of the oldest firemen of. San Fran
cisco were present, shaking hands with
old' comrades and friends and in various
ways thoroughly enjoyed the reunion.
The committees having the affair in
charge were as follows:
Luncheon was served under the spread
ing oaks at 12:30. Dancing was the chief
amusement. The weather was cool and
conducive to the terpslchorean pastime.
Fully 1000 people were present. A large
number came on the 9 o'clock boat via
the California Northwestern, but \ the
noon boat conveyed the largest crowd.
The Vfteran Firemen, together with their
many friends, held forth at Schuetzen
Park yesterday. It was the fourth an
nual picnic and outing of the Veteran
Firemen's Association and was -without a
doubt the most successful of any of the
association's excursions.
Hold Their Fourth An
nual Picnic at Schuet
zen Park.
FIRE VETERANS
ENJOY REUNION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY. AUGUST 10. 1903.
. SALJNAS. Aus. 9.— Manuel R. Merritt,
former Supervisor. Presidential Elector on
the Bryan ticket in 1896. a former~Justlce
of the Peace and a leading Democratic
politician of this county and well known
throughout California, died this morning
from an accidental gunshot wound" in
the abdomen. Merrltt. . with Constable
Smart. Justice of the Peace Browne and
Court Stenographer Hawkins, left here
last evening for a hunting trip in the
sand hills across the river between
Blanco and the coast. Just after crossing
the railroad a place for the camp was
selected, and while in the act of driving
down a small grade a shotgun loaded with
bird shot slipped from between Merrltt'"
knees. and. striking on the double tree's
of the wagon, was exploded. The charge
struck Merritt Ju3t above the groin, punc
turing the intestines. Merrltt was brought
to town, where he lingered till the morn
ing. . Deceased was 4S years of age, a
native of Monterey County and son of
ex-Judge Joslah Merritt of thia county.
He was a member of several fraternal
orders. He leaves a wife and three sons.
Drops Gun and It Explodes,
Sending Charge of Shot
Into His Body.
Prominent Resident of
Salinas Is Accident
. ally Killed.
9
Tuesday, August 11, 1903. at 2 o'clock, at
. the residence. 588 Twenty-second | atreet.
Oakland. Interment private.
UMHALT— In thU city, August 8, 1003. Julius,
beloved husband or Geslne Umbalt, father of
Julius,' Albert" and Alma Umhalt, son of
.Anna and the late Julius Umhalt. and
brother of Mrs. Ann Huntemann and Charles
and Andrew. Qualllns, a native of Memphis.
Tenn.. aged 41 years 5 months and '13 days.
• ETTnonda and acquaintances axe respect-
fully invited to attend tbe funeral "to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from bis late resi-
dence, 223*4 Francisco street, thence to I.
¦ O. O. F. Hall, corner of Seventh and Mar-
ket streets, where services will be held un-
der the auspices of Alta, Lodge No. 205, I.
O. O. F., commencing aut 2 o'clock. .. Inter-
ment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. Please omit
.flowers. .-•
AUCTION SALES
fe £s> £a
Auction sale TUESDAY. Auk. 11. 11 a. m..
at 1140 Folsom. of wagons, surreys, camping
outfits, rubber tires and carts, an.i a!3o 4o
sets of single and double harness and 23 bead
of all purposed horses. »
fe fe fe
AUCTION SALE of 40 good horses. Arcada
Horse Market. 327 Sixth st., Wednesday. Au-
gust 12. at 11 a. m. Every horse must be aa
represented or no sale. . .X - r <
JOHN J. POTLE. Auctioneer.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
California
Limited,,.
To CHICAGO
An Ideal Traln
[ferSjSr^^l F° r Those Who
Boyy Bcggl v^^a
SANTA PC TRACTS.
Leave Maritat-strest Ferry Depot. " ~ ¦
, Local Llm'd Local OVxi'4
Dally Dally Daily Dally
Lv. San Fran.... 7:30a 0:30a 4:0Op 8:009
Ar. Stockton 10: 40 a KkOl p 7:10pll:15p
"Merced l:0Sp 1:55 p 1:23*
"Fresno 2:40p 3:20 p . ...... 3:13 a
"Hanford 4:68p 4:07 p 7:50a,
" Visalia ...... 4:55p 4:45 p 3:00 %
"Bakersfleld .. 7:15p 6;0Op..' 7:33%
" Kansas City 2:33a 7:00*
"Chicago 2:lSp( 8:4Tpi
a for morning; p far afternoon.
7:30 a. m. Daily Is Bakersfleld Local, stop-
ping at all points la San Joaquin Valley. Car"
responding train arrives at 8:53 a. m. daily.
0:30 a. m. Monday and Thursday Is tha
CALIFORNIA LIMITED. carrying
Palace Sleeping Cars and Dlnins; Car*
through to Chicago. Chair car runs to Bakers.
field for accommodation of local flrst-claaa pas-
sengers. No second-class tickets ars honored
on thla train. Corresponding train arrives at
11:10 p. m. Tuesday and Friday. '
0:80 a. m. Dally. Valley Limited. Corapcsita
Car and Reclining Chair Car between Bajters-
fleld and San Francisco. Correspondlac train
arrlTes at 11:10 p. m. dally.
4:00 p. m. la Stockton Local. Correspondla*
train arrives at 11:10 a, m. dally.
8:00 p. m. Dally la the Overland Express
with through Palace and Tourist Sleepers aad
Free ReclinicB Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresna Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:25 p. m. dally.
Personally conducted parties for Kansas City.
Chicago and East leave San Francisco every
Monday. Thursday and Saturday at ft p m
Offices — 541 Market street and In Ferry De-
pot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway. Oakland.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN HY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIS
BAXX.WAT COMPANY.
Tlbnxon Terry, foot of Maxirt Bt
BAH rSAVCXSCO TO SAN BA7AS&.
WEEK DATS— 7:30, 8:00, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.:
12:35. 2:30. 3:40. 5:10. 5:50. 6:30 aad 11:30
P. m.
Saturdays* — Extra trip at 1:30 p. - m.
SUNDAYS— 7:30. 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.: 1:30.
2:30. 3:40. 5:10. 6:30. ll:3O p. nv
8A2T BAJTAEi TO SAK XRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:05. 6:50. 7:35. 7:50, »:20.
11:15 a. m.; 12:50, *2:00. 3:40. 5:00. 8:20.
6:25 p. rn.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:45 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:60. 7:33, 9:20. 11:15 a> m.; 1:43
3:40. 4:50. 6:C0. fi:20. «:1O. »:25 p. m.
¦Except Saturdays.
Leave. J In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. [ May 3, 1903. [SanFranclaco.
Week I Sun- I Destina- ' \ Sun- I Week
Days. I days. I tion. ) days. | Days.
7:3Uai j 7:43 aj 7:43*
7:30 a 8:00 a 8:40 aJ S:4Os>
8:00 a 9:30 a Isnacio. 10:20 a 10:20 a
I 2:30 p 2:30 p . , 6:CO pi «:2O p
i 5:10 p 5:10 p{ «:2*>p 7:23 p
| 7:25 p}
7:30a 7:30a 7:45a! 7:43a,
8:00 a 8:0Oa Novato. 10:20 a 1O:2O s>
2:30 p 9:3Oa Fetaluma. 0:20 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 2:30 p and 7:23 p 7:23 p
3:10 p Santa Rosa. |
7:30 a 7:30 a 110:20 »! 10:20 *
8:00a 8:0Oa Fulton. (T:25p 8:20 p
2:30 p 2:30 p | | 7:23 p
Windsor. I
7:30 a 7:30 a Healdsburg. 10:20a 10:20 •>
Lytton.
2:30 p 2:30 p Geyaervllle. 7:25 p 7:23 p
| Cloverdale.
7:30 al 7:30 a! Hopland. 110:20 a!10:29 a
2:30 pi 2:30 p) and Uklah. | 7:23 pj 7:25 p
7:3Oa| 7:3Oa| WlUlta. j. 7:23 p| 7:23 p
8:00a| 8:00 al Camp Vacation. 110:20 all0:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| GuerneviUe. | 7:25 pj 6:20 p
! 8:00 ai 8:C0aI Sonoma. I 3:40 al 3:40 a
5:10 pi 5:10 p) Glen Ellen. | 6:00 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a) 7:30 at 110:20 a!10:2O a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| SebastopoL | 7:23 pf 8:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae, for Saa
Quentin, at Santa Rosa for White Sulphue
Springs; at Fultnn for Altruria and Marie
West Springrs: at Lytton for Lytton Springs;
at GeyservlUe for Skagga Springs; at Clover-
dale for the Geysers. Boooevtlle and Green-
, wood; at Hopland for Duncan Springs. High-
! land Springs, Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad Springs.
Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett Springs; at
' Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs,
; Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell 'Lake. Witter Springs.
Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley. John Day's.
Riverside, Lterly's. Bucknell's. Sannedria
Heights, Hullvllle. Orr's Hot Springs. Half-
way Hcuse. Comptche. Camp Stevens. Hop-
kins Mendocino City. Fort Brags. Westport.
Uial: at WUllts for Fort Bragg. Westport.
Sherwood. Cahto. Covelo. Laytonirllle. Ctua-
mings. Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsen's. Dyer.
1 Garterville. Pepperwood, Scotia and Eureka.
Satarday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. - .
On Sunday — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half-rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chronlcla
building.
H. C. WHITING. K. X. RTAX.
Gen. Manager. - Gen. Pas. Agt.
HTO SAN RAFAEL,
SAN QUENTIN,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERCETC.
via Sausalito Perry
WEEK DATS-<Holldays exeepted V-6 :43.
f7:43. 8:45. 9:45. 11 a. =»-. 12:20. *l:*A. 3.15.
415. h-13 nj'-lS. 6:45. 9. 11:45 p. m.
7T45 am. train peek day. doe* not rua to
M SCNDAY9 . AND LEGAL HOLrDAYS-7.
IS t*0. t*10. 11. Ul:3O a. m.. tl2.3O Vl.oV.
2-35 5. 6. 7:30. 9. 11:43 p. m.
TValns marked <•) run to San Quentin. Tko»e
marked <t) to Fairfax, "cep 1 3:15 1 + * hteh
days. On Saturdays the 3:15 p. m. train run*
l °FBOM*SAS RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Weels days— 5:23. t«:25. T:¥k 8:13 »»:.».
11:05 a! m. 12:30. 2:20. t3:43. 4:50. 5:30. «:43.
«:15. 7:35. t3:10. 9:40. U0:53.
11W5 £ ntTw^O. 2:30. 13:25. 4:40.
6' 55 1 '33. 10:20 p. m.
Tralnii marked «> start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
C13CO— Week days— 5:43. «:40. 7:43. 8:23.
9 45. lT:10 a? m.. 12.40. 2:45. 4:13. 5.-10. 7:05.
1O s1?N^AYS— 8:33. 7:53. lft. 11:10 a. m.. 13:03.
1 0\ 2:40. 3:45. 4:53. 6:06. 7:10. 1Q:4O p. ta.
j i.uo, „.»«* throCGH TRAIN* .
¦"'" 7:43 a. rn., week days — Cazadero and way
* 5:13 > p. m.. weel^ days (Saturdays excepted) —
Totrales and way stations. .
3:13 p. m.. Saturdays — Cazadero aad way
stations.
Sundays and Legal Holidays— ft a. nv. Caxa-
dero and way stations. * *
Sundays and Legal Holidays — 10 a. m.. Paint
Reyes and way stations.
TICKET OFFICE— 626 Market It.
FERRY— Foot of Market st.
MOUNT <TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave Via Snsa&i hrrr Arrtrn .
- SsaPraa. IwirfMartstfc. Saa Fraa.
Week San- __J_^^- 9av Week"
Days, days dayi Days.
*-.*5a 8: 00 a fe'Ueap^afia i*:otyn fiTsZ
X:*3r 8:OOa Wft^SHa 19:AOr3:3Or
S:1Sp1O:ODa WJw^Svw 3:3Op 3:3Or
11:30a X^SiSS^ 4:35f
_ i:3Op yB&Jr a-.A.tw
...,,...li 2:35 p| sioo f
fcttriayi ealy, umton" 9a3Or,«rrh»lf. ll;3Oy
TICW I SM Hasxst St« (North Show Katlroadi
Q?nCB f and Saosauto F««*» Foot Market St.
Weekly CaU,$l,00 per Year
ROOMS TO LET— Fnm. and Pntnrn.
TUmcTT^iS^NTcT^s^m^Tro^T^lroonr; "second
I floor.
I UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy «t.. near Market
— 100 tingle and family rooms, 33c to 91
nisht: $1 75 to $6 week; eUvator; electrio
lights: reading-room: free bus and baggag*.
VaN NESS ave.. fil9 — Renovated; handsom*
sur.ny furnished suites front uns.; mod, conv.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d st.. near Market—
; Mc«t ccr.venient and respectable; 700 rooms:
Ji5c to $1 CO night; $2 to $S week; elevator;
elec. lights: reading-room; free bus; baggage.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fill more st.
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
AMOY. THE 901 DEVISADERO ST.
Strictly first-class family hotel; sunny rooms,
suit* or single; billiards: steam heat.
OLD Stevenson Mansion, oco. Grace Church,
with annex. $07 California «t. — Attractive in-
terior; exceptional table; free billiard-room.
OCTAVIA. 808— Rooms $5 up; breakfast and
dinner. $2 SO a weei|. *.
ROOMS AXD BOARD WANTED.
A HOME for 2 gentlemen and 2 little girls.
Box 4!>94. Call office. . ¦ .
KCONS WA.NTED^ .
FURNISHED housekeeping rooms.. Address, by
mall, with particulars. A. J.%G. t 128 Church.
OFFICKH AM* STORES TO JUET.
EMMA EPKECKELS building. J27 Market sU—
O:flce to let; rent $15; light, hear, janitor anJ
ASHTON & n\HVlSEH.
STORE to let with steam connections. 612
Front st. -r-:-
TO rent- Magnificent location for dentlst'a of-
flce. The Antlera. 415 Turk Bt.
712 BANSOME Ft., near Jackson — Handsome
large store: rent $25.
SML.^ISTftV.
I MME. DEVAS. eclerflinc palmist and astrolo-
Elst. 'Offlce. 26 Liebss bldg.. 1S9 Post st; $1
palm reading a specialty; open Tuesday eve.
FUYSICIA.VS AXD SIJUUEUXS.
i DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence!
i HEl'i Market «t., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
i BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
f UK, BALL. 107:^-i Market st.
| REMOVED— PR. WONG HIM. herb doctor:
; treats all diseasf* of the human body: for
past four year* at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at 007 Geary Bt., near T<eaver.worth.
VII. TONO PO f'HY. puccfssor to.Pr. LI To
Tai. herb doctor; ru-ps nil diseases of human
' by us? of herbs ami teas. 727 Washington st.
! WONG WOO, the famous horb dorter — AH dls-
I pasfs <-ured I'.v «*hiney herbs. 716-B Clay St.
| SPECIAL NOTICES.
WATER wells bcred through any formation
with the C. * Cr Company's patented power
drill. Call cr address 'J E<!dy St.. room f>0.
SPECIALISTS. ~
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottlngham, 204 Sutterjst.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.: furnlturiT
* household goods stored^ moved shipped. 72S-
731 Howard st.. near Third; phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.'of-
flce Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Prlv. Ex. '571.
HOt'SEHOLI) grods and bric-a-brac packed for
etoraK* «r ehlpment. Call or address 370 Fell.
CONKLIN'S storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. S33 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 12fl.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made; S40
Mission st. ; tei. Howard 911. F. W. Zehfu^.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st. : phono Jackson 281.
BEKJNS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
St.; tel. Main 1S40. Shipping at cut rates.
STUTTERING AXD STAMMEHWG.
MELBOURNE System School. Van Ness* and
Market; positive cure for all. Don't delay.
TYPEWRITERS A.XD SUPPLIES.
GREAT^AHGAInITin" TTPE^RITERS^We
pell "better machines for less money than r.ny
house in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
. Exchange. 530 California telephone Main 2W.
A FEW fcood typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery st. -
2D-HAND typewriters scld. rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co.. 200 Sansome.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
; DIVIDEND Notice — The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Con. — A dividend. No. 50, cf fifty cents
lEuc) per share on the issued capital stock of
the company has been declared, payable at
office of the compaqy. rooms 202, 2U4 and 200,
Hayward building, San Francisco, August 10,
V.'L.:',. Transfer books close August 'J, 1603,
at noon. C. C. QUINN. Secretary.
—™* "^ "~ — " — "— ¦" —— ™ mm — »— m———————m
LEGAL AD VERT1SE.MKXTS.
NOTICE of Dissolution of Copartnership— The
firm heretofore existing under the name and
' Etyle of 'Jolden Gate Dredging and KeclaniA-
r tion Company, doinc business in the city
nrd ccurty of San Francisco, State of Cali-
fornia. Ik iht; day dissolved by mutual con-
sent. MARSHALL C. HARRIS having pur-
chased tbe entire Interest of WILLIS U.
WHITTEH In the concern.
Dated WILLIS G. WHITTER.
July 17. 1D03. MARSHALL C. HARRIS.
PROPOSALS.
•>—
ADVERTISEMENT for bids for steam-heating
and distributing apparatus for the Unlverelty
of California— Notice to contractors, builders
and material men — Notice Is hereby given
by the Regents of the University of California
to all concerned that sealed proposals or bids
are solicited on three water-tub* boilers,
each to contain one-half the beating surface
required to furnish steam for one engine, as !
outlined below; one vertical or horizontal
cross-compound, non-condensing "engine, to
b« arranged for direct connection to one 200
K. W. alternator, the necessary feed pumps,
feed water heaters, steam separatcrs. traps
and fuel oil burning apparatus complete. In-
cluding all nec-enBary piping, valves and
fittings within the building, and all neces-
sary piping between tanks, etc.. the plant
to be furnished and Installed complete at
Berkeley upon foundations furnished by the
university. Also steam piping for distribu-
tion of steam for heating purposes to the
various buildings. Said sealed bids or pro-
. posals will be received at room 16, South
Hall, at the University grounds, Berkeley,
on or before 3 o'clock p. m, of the 17th
day of Aujrust, 1903. And notice Is hereby
further given that dans and specifications
for said construction have been made and
adopted and are placed in the engineering
offices, room 7, 331 Pine street. Kan Fran-
cisco, where the same may be ceen and ex-
amined during each day from 9 '/clock a. m.
until 4 o'clock p. in. front this data until
the 15th day of August. 1&03. No bids or
proposals will be considered unless the same
are accompanied bv a certified check or a
bond of said proposer equal to cs** (10) per
cent of his proposal, with sufficient sureties
conditioned that if said bid or proposal shall
be accepted the party proposing will duly
enter into a proper contract with the tatd
Regents to faithfully perform the duty and
obligations in accordance with Bald proposal
and plans and specifications, which shall be
asd are hereby required to be a part of such
contract. The right to reject any and all
bids is hereby reserved. This notice is. given
pursuant to an act entitled "An act' to
amend sn act entitled 'An act to create
end organize the University of California/
approved March 25, 1888, and an act.
amendatory of section 25 thereof, approved
March 28, 1872, relating to the construction
o* buildngs," approved March 3, 1897. By
order of the * Committee on Grounds and
Buildings of the Board of Regents. W. A.
McKOWEN, Secretary of th<> Board of
Regents of tho University of California,
PROPOSALS for Iron Pipe.— No. 361 New
Montgomery st.. San Francisco, California,
July 13, 1003. — Sealed proposals, in triplicate,
will be received here until 11 o'clock a. m.,
August 12. 1003. for furnishing about U0M
tons cast-Iron pipe and 12.000 feet galvanized
Iron pipe, with fittings, delivered at ships'
tackle In Ean Francisco. The United States
reserves the right to accept or reject any or
all proposals or any part thereof. Informa-
tion and blank proposals furnished on appli-
cation. Envelopes will be indorsed "Pro-
posals for Iron Pipe." and addressed Major
C. A. Devol, Quartermaster. U. S. Army,
Depot Quartermaster.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— -DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will ndt be inserted. They mutt be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with tbe name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
FRET— In this city, August 8. 1903, to the
wife of N. C Frey, a daughter. ,
O'NEILL — In thla city, August 9. 1903. to the
wife of-L. J. O'Neill, a daughter.
" jjLajibiedT""
GILMORE— SOULE— In this city. July- 13.
1903. by the Rev. Erneat Bradley. Charles
B. Gllmore and Abble E. Soule. both of San
Francisco- , .¦
MORRIS— GALBRAITH— In this city, July I
190.1, - by the, Rev. J. P. Turner, Dr. " Charles
Alfred Morris and Jessie Ualbraith, both' of
Sao Francisco.'
__MlSCE|JLA?iEOi:s— -KOa SALI1.
A t^^v r ??*°* l ° l/> ' y , a'-an-wxii. watches and
'?"-' 1 "> .-Moment en all purchases; all
'¦^.tr, < s »" v «-* » "» Itrw payrr.L-nt. Call and
-1 '-'I' p -^-'CUTKXSTKtN MHO?.. » Stocktnn.
L«ji:s VOUK BOOF leak:"
-V?A r lt Wi ,' h rt *tttiu: la roil, easy to lay;
Vr^f . P»laU« or ccaiir.c; cck»1 over old
1-?;*tH^ ,2? *a»CKi«-: beM for new roofs.
LLAT^P.ITE ROOFING CO^ 713 Market «u
A— Fine suits. $7 &<>; <;«•«=« pants. $2 SO. Origi-
.nai Misfit Clothing Parlors. 238 Kearny st .
m^r Buth; open to 9 p. nv Sunday to nocn.
A " * :i : * DERBY and fedora hats. Jl 75. Pcp-
u.ar Price Hatters, 8S0 Kearny et.. r.ear Pine;
cperntll » p. m. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells cr renu gear machinery, en-
jr.r.es, b<,i>rs. water p!p#. 'Iifcfting. pulleys.
etc WHITCLAW. g&3-2Sfc g{)g»r St.
TKT our men's shoes at Jl i^iir: foot-form
shew* at $2 50; we pay exrr*-se charges. 11
-hlrd g».. Examiner bid.; oatalorue wnt free.
SECOND mach'y. boilers, engines, puap*.
wood and iron wckinr machinery, boasrht.
fold and rented. H.<<v WHITg. UO-132 B»ai«.
OAS r-nslr.e far saif »t a barcalu: S HI'.:
fir*t-c:ass one. Apply VON PEHKET,: M*
Pay rt.. Oakland. -. :'.
FOR sa!f> — a ticket to Denver: fSO; gwd to
October 1«. Brx -i>>A. t'a'l office.
MOVING picture^ raijir lantern*, sale, renta;;
bargains. Builard & R-eck. 131 Post St.
I1ILES cf pip* and fl-.tmss; all sizes. EU-
GEXE RILET & PONS. 1C» Vk11»j3 St.
MOVING ri«ure ni=» and aos* slides. |0»
Mcntgoraery st.
EAFES— .New an>l se'ond-tand. E. B. BECK
£. CO. 122 Market jBt.
A!l barEainc;cau:p etools and chairs, hammock*
metal beds. mstt-et*os.J. F.H»7tter,712 Miss'.crv
td'sor. phAncpraph*. records, supplies, rcoviias
picture mactir.es. nln-.». Baclgalupi. 233 Mkt.
GASOLINE tr4r.:.?5. autctacbiies and launches,
ell flsw. J.. H DOAK. 4G Fremorit ft.
SAFES— New and sei-cnd-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento Ft.
j- - .". ior prices on «?ccnd-band typ*wr-.ter»: ali
•nfekes. ALEXANnm CO.. 110 Mon-c v
MISCELLAXEOIS WAST*.
TILTON wasit* rood &e«"nn«l-hand clothing an.l
th«H>trtcaJ FC"~gs. l»-4 I'th gi : t?l. Jesrif 2n"I.
.'.JOMJ1 TO LOAX.
AAA- HiuiM '.N~M Z kfH t,
6C1-€U2-UW Exatslser tw'.ldlcg.
Quick settlemtcu; no disappointment.
Eav* expenses ty ceaU&g directly.
Estates, eeccsd racrtgages, undivided tcter-
•«ts. aetlgsmcnts cf rects. property in trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided o-
terest* la property purchased.
Ccuneous treatment. Strtctly conn<Seoti«i
Wbea You Need Honey
Pee HERMAN MURPHY.
HIGHLY respectable pn^ate place to obtain
liberal advances en diamonds. Jewelry, at
lewest rates. Baldwin Jem-elry Store. 9W
Market et. tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
MONET !cine<J to caiaried p>op.e. retail mer-
chants, teasntters, bvianllng-hous-s. without
security, easy payments; l&rirest business !a
«6 prtaclpal cities. Tolman. 5^3 Panott bldg.
A— 1 per oer.t en furniture or piano ;ao removal;
no cosiEils«icn; no publicity; f23 up; qulctc
CCiet. cosfidentiaL 26 Montgomery st-. r. 7.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant are..
LOANS FKCil $1 to SIO.OOO.
AT cut rates en reai estate, furniture or piano;
no commission. E. W. LICK. 1OC3 Mutual
eav. Ek. bid.. 70S Market; phone Main Sl«.
fc. F. JVSOMSrc AGENCY— Loans to salaried
people on their nota.
The TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelan bldg.
MONEY to lc&n on low interest; fcUd. silver.
£iamc&ds pearl* acd precious ct3n*» bougtit
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
MONEY loaned ta salati^d err-iloyes. G. W.
MILLER, room 74. fifth flocr. Chronicle bl<ig.
ONE rer cent on forsiturc; J' a mosth on oaca
( 1000; ary security. 302 Montromery, room !•.
t"c ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; co removal;
V. TREMAIN. room bl. 6 Eddy st.. floor 4.
ALL loans on ci&sios^s and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. C F. Collateral Loan Bank. Xi Kearny.
ETAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans nioney to
eaiaried employee. R. 211. Mutual SaT.Bk.bld.
CA£H loar.ej salaried people on nctrt without
indorser. _ MORRELL. CW Examiner bM.
su> 1 1 al i.\STnLME.vrs.
ArSOUTMEST cf some upright bargains.
S Chick»nng $150. $183. S2S3
1 Kix&ball. walnut upright, celluloid keysSCS
2 Emerson $185. $215
2 t-te'.nway tlWi. $213
4 Heine $r» to S.'.3!5
12 squares $15 to $170
10 organs $10* to $75
Rents ?2 up. allowed on purchase; lnstaJl-
nicsu $4 up; piano player* from $:>'J up: new
rlaaos from $117 ur>. HEINE PIANO CO..
2oj-237 G*ary st. ; pbcrje Main 5744.
$03— LEFT on sale; Filsker upright piano. 237
Geary et.
fc-TElNWAY upright. left by private party.
$.1C5: great barfrnin. 237 Geary st.
A FEW good upright pianos from $70 up com-
prising Vcse, Sbtcrlmg, Jaccbs^n. Schwecti-
ten. Kherwood, Weser. Marshall & W'endtil.
Haines, Everett. Kr.abe and ethers; exgy
pa>Tr.et:ts. BEN^T. CURTAZ & SON. 10-20
O'Farrtll. No tranches In San Francitco.
UNTIL Aug. 17 we will sell ail pianos at sp* 1 -
' cia!!y low prices, then cur r^cular low prices
will b» rerutned; take advantajre of these
l«w cummer price*. THE ZENO MAUVA1S
MUFIC CO.. 7'tt Market st.
BAND instrument* ; F. Bdssori. Paris, maxer.
Gus MAitiaid. Agt- Pac. Coast. 278 O'Farrei:;
skillful repairltic; 2d-hand instruments soM.
l*ni*d«>eisj»rd rl^rvfe pianos and furniture dirt
ch^ap. Whiu-h?ad> Storage. l«Sfl Market.
J'.ZAUTIFUL 3-peiel Stelpway upright piano;
perfect order; sacrifice. Keeffe'&.2S5 O'FarrelL
J- krr.'.'.y bailing Coc Australia offers at sacrifice
handsome Stelnway upripht piano. 616 Eddy.
BUY direct from the factory and eave 50 per
cent. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister ft.
KOHLER & CHA.SE. SO CFarreil st.; Urgest
and oldest ciaso hcuze.
BEST renting piano In city foiv$3 per month.
SCOTT -CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 660 Hayes st.
BARGAIN; rood upright: must be ecid at
once. BCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
feCHUEB, Byrcn Mauzy pianos, Ceciliar. piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st.
t-UPERIOR violins, zithers, old acd Dew. IE
MtTLLER. maker, rypaiitr. 'i L.-uham place.
PERSONALS.
A— FACIAL ELEMISHES'REMOVED.
trrirJclrs, yellow and flabby skin, birthmarks,
cmai'.pcx pittings and scars scientifically re-
moved without cuttir.g.massage.eiectricity or
tn*«iclae: special demonstrations this week.
Call or write' DR. L. WILLIAMS. 371 G«ary.
WANTED— 777 ladies with scalp diseases; lots
cf hair end premature rraycesa prevented.
<Can treat by trail. Blank for stamp.) Con-
foltation free. 8:S» to €: Sundays. 10 to la.
Prof. "CEO. A. CARLOW, Specialist, room
ZIS. 997 Market st."
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves Its growth ;stops falling ;cures dandruff
and ltcttrr scalp: no etaln ori stickiness;
clcantea ccalp:at dm^gists'. balrdre«»<»rs' .ac-
cept bo substitute. Etar RemedTCo.,3S5G<>ary.
ANNIE 'HORI a lady giving treatment to
ladle* for rheumatism, has her office at the
Golden Gate House, C£C Kearny ct.. room lo;
she epeaks thrca languages, German. Bo-
hemian and Ecglteh.
NOT how cheap bet how rood. Is the motto of
the manufacturers cf the Rapid Rotary
Etaadard the eewiES-tnachine of to-day. J.
TV. EVANS, agent. 1021 Marfcet st.
PHYEIC1AN. 35 years* experience, cures p«r-
zsacestly morphine, cocaine habit. Call cr
adOresa Central Pharmacy 2tl Graat ave..
ccrcer Eatter st.: fee moderate.
ALL ¦R-ishir.&T desirable acquaintances or in-
formation, ad. Mrs. Ford. CaL Correspcrd-
enc* Bureau. 83 City Hall ave.; details, U>c
DAarCING Tveidzy. Thursday. Baturday and
eunday evenings at Teutonla Hall. Howard
ex.. near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
AT lew than cost, uncalled for «a!«. orercoau
*nd trousers, at CHARLES LYONS'. Loadca
Tailor. 721 Market et.
KLECANT suits en easy Installments : 80 cents
»nd up per week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mar-
kft t.. between Seventh and Eighth.
THE hithett price paid for ladies' or rent*'
<3Bi-o$T rlothlng a2d all articles of value at
WClNBERO'B. 114 A Ellis mt.
SUITS to order oa Installments. $1 per week.
Keufcauis &. Co.. merch. tailors, 727-723 Market.
ALL Etyles hairdreaslng. 25c; hair roods: mani-
curing 25c G. LEDERER. 123 gtoclctcn at.
TAILOR-MADE suit f7 60; <!re«s pants $2 5a
M-ieflt Clotning Parlor, cor. Bush and lJupcnt.
CUPERFLUOUS hair atd mclos reraoA-ed by
electric needle. Dr.&ilrs.Traveree.ll70Markrt
MA6QCERA.DE «^5ctUTT.e«. f-Ity boolcfl. nln,
country crtera. GOLDSTFlv .1- (O, 733 Mitt.
AJ.KUEDUM'S Egyptian Ilcisa restores gray
t-.slr to its natural t^lcr: <!. at a!I druggists.'
fuperfluou* hair fc mole* r*rrcved~~wlth elec-
tr1<- reegif. M-s. *¦ Him Katon. 1119 Sntter.
fAPHRnAXGIXG. PAllvTIXC. ETcT
11OOMS papered. $3 00 up; tinting, painting.
Karunann Paist Co., ZVj 3d ft.; teL Mala 413
I REAL ESTATE— CITY — FOR SAI.B.
I' ' '~$
' A BARGAIN— $4250: corner lqt. 2-story house;
lot 25x114; 184 Clipper Bt. See owner oa
premises. \"Vi :•'•"• •'"--
S23UO— Cottoge of 4 room* and bath.
Lot 25x114: 27th et. (lovely home).
Bet. Dolores and Church.
( MOO— Cottage o' 4 rooms; lot 25x80.
Folscm «t., above Procita ave.
BUY A HOME; STOP PAYING RENT.
Look at those five cottages on Precita ave.,
¦west of York ei. ; take Folsom-st. car: lot
S0xl50; prices small; terms eary: open from
P. to 7:30 p. m. ; Sunday. 3 to 5 p. m.. or
address owner. WILLIAM MANN. 40 New
Montgomery «t.
$HXx« — 2 new flat*. 2^th and «, Mission ets.;
v.-sll rent for fiO jxt month.
J15UO — " new flats on Army St.. near Mls-
r'.-.'n. Your friends will loan the balance for
the rjnt.
D. COFFIN & CO.. 5303 Mission st.
FOK sal.-— House 8 rms. : high basement; sunny
std« H N (h. J*t. Valencia & Mission; no reas.
rffer r^fusM. Stephensi A <ro.. Unlon-sq. Mkt.
KOU SALE — Neat cotta*t«>: modern irriFrove-
m*r%i: terms same as rent. Apply SE. cor-
ner Alabama end Montcalm sir.
N W. CORNEIl of-Folnom an-1 Eighteenth
>t?.; 50x100, Apply at 2138 Folsom gt.
nr.AL ESTATE — Country — For Sale>.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchard".
vineyards: inspected barcains: monthly cata-
l<-«u* s»nt free. C. M. WOOSTEP. CO., C4S
Varkft it.
jlO.Ot'O — 10 ACRKS good healthy vineyard near
Llvfrrmcre. PILAS C. WRIGHT. Llverrnrr-.
»'«l>r HICHMO^n REAL KtTATR.
I WATER front lots and bargains: all tracts;
j rnarr. phot.*. <-tc. HELL. 417 Parrott Kit.
UEAIj BSTAT1S 1H) EXCHANr.R.
j BCAL estate to exrhange: free printed list
Tarific Cna?t Ex. Bureau. S50 Market st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
j JLL-OIEDA ItK \\. ESTATE.
¦ jTsT^vTTA^r^ou^iTiriiiwjnMrT^^
A PRETTY HOME IN ALAMEDA.
; Sunv>und°<1 by flowers: and fruit trees: near
I train and schools; enly $2S50; lot 75xl2S.
Nic» 5-rconi ccttace *r<l bath.
ALAMEPA LAND COMPANY.
T°l C.rar.4 14'.=T. ISOO I'3-rk >:.. AlaiaMa.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
nERKELKY RF.AL ESTATE.
AN opportunity £»Idoii met wlth^ — I have a
new two-story 7-riom hous". 4 bi'droomp,
equipped with al! modern conv^ni^noes. «a<».
electric liphti. etc.. on an improved street,
only two blocks fro^i the Ptatlon." which I
will sell to a reilabl» party on th» follow-
ing terms: ?100 cash and the balance In
monthly Installments; whole price -J3500.
$1500 — Fine two-story house. 6Oxl3S; will ex-
chanjre for desirable residence In San
Francisco.
CC400 — Good fix-room houeo on Eur.ny side of
street; large lot; a bargain.
$l«5r> — 5-roora house near Dwight way station.
$7000— Will be cnmpl<>t«1 in on» w»k: elejean!
hiu«e of 8 roomq: evpr>-thir.^ mndcrn; fur-
r.aco; <1ouM» floor?, etc.; fine corner l^t;
a gentleman's home.
JOS J. MASON. Real Estate.
Corner Sliattuok ave. and Center st.
fiooo — 1507 PRINCE et.. near Sacta Fe R. R. ;
large S-room house; high basement; sta-
ble: cow barn: 7 houses for chickens; lot
160x135; street work complete; call aad
inspect
W. C. MORAN & CO..
2131 Ehattuck ave.. Berkeley.
FINE. new. handsome cottages; up to date: all
conveniences: c!o»e to oars: large lots; S13S0
to $1600; only f2C0 cash, balance $16 eo per
month.
W. C MORAX. Lorin station, or
C. C. EMSLIK, Ashby station.
$27<X> — FOP. Pal» — New house nf <5 rooms;
choice lot; $iOG cash, balance $35 per month.
J. H. YOUNG. •builder.
1243 Part »t.. Alameda.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAMI ItRlLi ESTATE.
J BARGAIN — Nt-arly- new. modern cottage. 6
r'ioms; hljrh basement; brick foundation; por-
<fla:n baih; sanitary plumbing: lot 33 :4r
ISO; fine garden; fruit . tr«>«>a in bearing:
ElKhth-ave. cars • pass door: $2100: easy
terms 17^3 Eleventh ave.. East Oakland.
| ALEX. MURDOCK. Chronlcla bldg.. San Fran-
clsco. for Oakland. Berkeley or rurul homes.
OAKLA.M) HOO.nS AXD DOAUD.
I TO RENT — Rooms and private board. 6tt!
j Fourteenth st.. Oakland.
OAJCLAND^FUnXITUIlB FOR SALE.
J TO-MORROW the day for bargains ~In~furniu
ture. H. Schellhaae. 11th st. cor. stor«.Oaklnd
I » ------—---•---— -~-m-m-mm--mm
BOOMS FOP. HOUSEKEEPING.
< HERBERT (Tbe) — Sunny ajjartmer.ts ' for
housekeeping; gas ranges; Just newly fur-
r.'.ihed. lE::u Po!k «t-
JKSSIE. 3X1 — 2 large punny bas»ment rooms,
furnished for housf keeping; gas; 2 beds; $14.
GROVE. 425H— 2 nicely furnished rooms; stove-,
sink. Eunny yard; $8; Gr.rman.
MISSION. 29U1A, cor. 23th— 3 front rooms,
furnish»*d for housekeeping; also Iront room
for eentleman.
O'KARRELL. 1516— Very nicely furnished gua-
ny front housc-kecpins rooms; parlor floor.
STOCKTON. l:XW— Model house, newly fur-
nlshe.l; front housekeeping rooms; .phone.
WEBSTER. 430 — 2 or 3 large sunny connect-
ing partly furnished basement rooms; corner
fiat; yard.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
r«:eived at Call bracah office. 2200 Fillmore st
A 'BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
e>:bscrlpt:ons has been established at 1096 Va- :
l»ncia ft. . |
! COOKS for HOUSEKEEPING — Country !
HOUSEKEEPING accommodations for short
time on ranch for two women or man and
wife. Address box 3302. Call office.
ROOMS TO LET — Kara, and Cafara.
j AA — City Room Rectln* Agency.
1104 Market st., cor. Turk and Market sts..
Rooms 3 and 4. Phone Jessie 4471.
KREE FREE
We locate you free of charge
in Rooms •with or without board,
j Housekeeping Rooms or Hotels.
[ A GENTLEMAN of regular habits can secure
; a large, sunsy and comfortably furnished
room, with priTate family, one block from
cable and electric car lines and 5 minutes'
walk from park entrance; reference*. Box
4953. Call.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth — Rooms
tXx to $1 per tttght. $1 25 to $3 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.. •
AT "The Almonte." 87S Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth »t.)— Room*. 25c. 60e. $1. $1 80 nl^ht;
$1 60 to >10 week; house open all night.
ANTLERS. 415 Turk st. — Strictly modern; 4-8
room apartments; fur. or unfur. for hakpg.
A LA ROB furnished room for 1 or 2 gents;
bath; running water; references. SS9 Post st.
UaP.TLETT, 218, cor. 23d— Sunny fnrn. rooms;
gas, bath, laundry.runnlng water;warm belt.
BURNETT, mtt Market— (old No. 1364) — Pur-
r.ithfd room*, eultce. single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
fornlshed suany rooms: prices reasonable.
FELL, mfO—'lo let, furnished front bay-win-
dow room; references.
FIFTH 33 — Sunny bay-window rooms; also
Elagle rooms; |1 50. $2 50 to $4 per week.
GRAND Southern, 7th and Mission — Rooms 50o
to $1 BO night; |2 to $a week; reading-room.
HQTEL GRAYSTONE
to Geary st; phone Bush 880.
Centrally located fireproof hotel; elegantly
furnished suites, with baths end singles.
MINNA, M5— Large sunny >front room; 1 or 2
gentlemen, or light housekeeping.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec lights; day, week. mo.
PINE. 2S30. cor. Baker— 2 furnished room*;
net for housekeeping. ¦ .
ROYAL House. 120 Ellis— Incandescent lights,
readirg-rcom. smoking-room and ladies* par-
lor; rooms per night. 25c to $1 50; week. (3
to $8; month. $S to $30; elevator on ground
flour; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
BAH. WAT TBA7EL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains leave and are da« to arrive st *
SAX FRANCISCO.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street ) —
LSATK — FaOM AP8C8T 1. 1903. — AMtlVT
7.00a Bentetft, Sulsuu, Elmlra and Sacra-
mento 7.25*
7.00a. VscavlUe, Winters, Ramsey. 7-25p
7.30a Martinez. San Ramon, vallejo,
Kspa, Callitogs, Santa Koaa 6 25r
7.30 a Nile*. Liver more, Lathrop. Stock-
ton 7.25*
8.00a Davla, Woodland. Knlrhta Landing.
Msrrtvllle. OroTllle. (connects
at MsrytvlUe for Grldley. Biggs
aadChlco) 7.5SP
8.00a Atlantic Express— Ogden »nd Bait. 10.25*
8.00a Fort Cotta, Martlnes. Antloeh. By-
Ton,TracT,Stockton.6acramenta,
Los Banoa. Mendota, Hanford,
YUalla, PorterTllIe miJdr
8.00a Port Costa. Martinez, Tracy. Lath-
rop, Modesto, Merced, Fresno,
Goanen Junction, llanford, VI-
talta. Bakersfleld 625?
8.30a Shasta Bxpreis— Davis. Winiami
(for Bartlett Springs). Willows,
tFruto, Red Blnff, Portland 7.65*
8-30a Kllet, San Jose, Llvermore. Stock-
too,Ione,Sacramento,P!acerTUle,
M »ry « vll! e. Chlco. Red Bln9 4.25r
8. 30a Oakdale. Chlneie, Jamestown. So-
nora, Taolnmne and Angela 425?
9 00a Martinet and Wsy8tat!oni 6 55r
10.00a Vallejo 12.25i>
diO. 00* El I'aso Passenger, Eastbound.—
Port Costa, Martinez, Byron.
. Tracy, I-athrop, Stockton.
Merced, Raymond, Fresno, Ban-
ford. Visalla, Bakenfteld. Los
Angeles and El Paso. (West-
bound arrives via Coast Line)... «1.33p
1000a Tbe Overland Limited — Ogden.
Denver, Om&hs. Chicago. 8.25r
12.00x Bay ward. Nile* and Way Stations. 3-2Sr
11. OOp Sacntnento River Steamer*. til. OOp
3.30f Benlcla, 'Klnters. Sacramento,
Woodland. Wllljwns. Coltna, Wil-
lows, Knlfrhu'Landlng. Marjs-
« Title, OroTlile and way stations. . 10.55 a
330p Harward. Nile* and Waj Stations.. 755*
4.08* Marttnex,SanIUmon.VaneJo,N»l>a,
CalUtoga. Santa Rosa ... 9-25*
4.00r Martinet, Tracy.Lathrop.Stockton. 1025a
400r Nile*. Llvennore. Stockton. Lodl.. 4.25P
- 4.30r Hay ward. Klles, Irrlngtoa. San ) 1 8.55 a
Joee. Llvermore (111.554
B.COf Tbe Owl Limited— Fre»no, TuUre,
BaieriQeld, Los Angeles; con-
nects at Bangui for Santa Bar-
bara 8-55a
BCOr Port Costa, Tracy, Stockton. Los
Banos 12.25F
t6.30r Hayward. Ntles and San Jo«e 7.25k
6.C0p Hsyward, Klles and San Jote. 10 25*
6. OOP Oriental Mall— Onden. Denver. 3Rft&
Omaba. St. Lonli. Chicago and
tKast. (Carries Pullman Cv pas-
tengers only out of San Fran-
cisco. Tourist car and coach
passengers take 7.00 r. m. train
to Reno, continuing thence in
their cars 6 r.K. train eastward.. 425>
YTenbonnd, Sunset Limited. — ¦
¦ From New York, Chicago. New
Orleans, El Puo, Los Angeles.
Fresno. Berends, Raymond (from
Yoaemlte), Nanlnez. Arrives.. 8.25a
7.00p Ean Psblo, Port Coita, Marlines
and Way Stations 11.25a
J7.00r Vallejo.. • 7.55P
7-COp Port Costa, Benlcla, Snlsnn, DstIs,
Sacramento, Trnckee, Keno.
Stops st all stations east of
Sacramento ....(. 7S5a
! 8.C5P Oregon * California Expreii— Sac-
ramento, MarjBVllle, Redding,
; • Portland. Puget Sound and Bast. 8.55a
19.1 Or Bay ward, Klles and San Jose (San-
day only) ..... 111.55s
11.25P Port Costa, Tracy. Lathrop. Mo-
desto, Merced. Iiaymond (to To-
sctnlte), Fresno, Hanford, VI-
salla. Bakersneld 12-251
COAST LINE (Harrow Uanje)..
(Foot of Market Street.)
1745a Santa Oral Excursion (Sunday
only) «-10»
8.15a Newark. CenterviUe. San Joie.
"..,.•*•- Felton. Boalaer Creek, Santa
Crns and Way Stations. 6 23*
t2.1B> Newark, Centerrllle, San Jose,
New Almaden.Los Gstoa.r'eltOn,
Boulder Creek, Santa Crui and
Principal Way Buttons 10.55a
4.15? Newark. San Jose, Los Oatos and
way stations (on Saturday and
Sunday runs through to Santa
Cruz; Monday only from Santa :. f
Crnz). Connects at Felton to
and from Boulder Creek f855 \
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN KKAK CISCO, Foot of Market St. (Slip <)
— t7:I5 9:00 11:00 a.m. 1.00 3 00 5.15 P.M.
Prom OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — t6:0O J3:M
t8:05 10:00a.m. 1200 200 400 r.n. ¦,
COAST LINE (Uroad tiaage).
Of" (Third anU Townsend Streets.)
8.10a San Jose and Way Stations. 7.30r
t7.00a San Jose and War Stations 630p
/8.00a New Almaden (Toes., Frid.) S4.10r
17.15a Uonterey and Santa Cnu Kxcur
• ¦ _ sloa (Sunday only)... t3-30»
8.00a Cosat Line Limited— Stopsonly San
•" -,,.'-¦ Joie.Gilroy.HoUlster.Pnjaro.Cas-
trovllle. Salinas. San Ardo, Paso
Roble*, SanU Margarita, Snn Lu!»
Oblspt>. (principal stations thence)
SantaBarbara,SaagusandLo« An-
geles. Connection at CaitroTllle
to snd from Monterey and Pacific
Grove and at Pajaro north bound
from Capitola and Santa Cruz.... IQ.ASr
IXOa San Jose, Tres Plnoa, Capitola,
SantaCrax,PsclflcGroTe,8altnas,
San Luis Oblspo and Principal
Intermediate Stations 4.10?
Westbound El Paso Passenger.—
From Chicago. El Paso, Los An-
"r .•"__• gelei, Sant* Barbara. Arrives.. 1.30*
10.38a Pan Jose and Way Station*. 1.23r
11-COa Cemetery Passenger— South San
. - __ ' Francisco, San Bruno 1.05>
1130a San Jose, Lot Gatos and Way Sta-
„„ tlont 5.36p
•1 •30P Ean Jose and Wsy Sutlons X7-Q0r
2.C0P Ean Jose and Way Stations 19 40a
2.30T Cemetery passenger— Sooth San
, Francisco. San Bruno 4.3Sr
T 13.0D* Del Uonte F.xprw*— Santa Clara.
San Jose, Del Monte. Monterey.
Pacific Grove (connects at Santa
Clara for Santa Crui, Bauhler
x ifh, w, 0 ™ 11 and X"tow Giurc Points) t12.1Sr
••30* Bnrllngsme, San Mateo. Redwood,
. Menlo Park. Palo Alto, May deld.
Mountain View. Lawrence. Santa
Clara. San Jose. Gilroy (connec-
tion for Holllater. Trea Plnoa),
P«Jaro (connection for Watson-
vllle. Capitola and Santa Cruz),
Pacific Grove and way stations.
Connects it CastroTllle for Sa-
linas.... 10.45a
,{*' San Jose and Way Station 8-38a
T6*0p San Jose, (via Santa Clara) loa
Gato*. Wright and Principal Way
J5.30* San Joie and PrlnelpaVway Stations tl.OOA
t8.16» SaaMateo,Beresford,Belmont.Ssn
Carlos, Redwood. Fair Oaks,
Menlo Psrk. Palo Alto IT. ffl.48A
|-Mr Ban Jose and Way Stations 6.38a
7 00f Bnnset Limited, Eastbound.— $an
Luis Oblapo, Sanu Barbara, Los
Angelas, Demtng. El Puio. New
Orleans, New York. (Westbound
• »n. Valley)... v8.2Sa
8.00? Palo Alto and Way SUtions.....!.. 10.15a
¦USto'MlUbrae.PaJo Alto aad Way " 8ti£
o 11 3Qt MiabraeVsan* Joie " Vnd' Way'sti^ tS ' 45 '
tlona t9.45p
( v _ •*• *5 r Morning. p tor A tternooa.
X Satarday and Sunday only.
I Stops at all it* tlona on Sunday.
t Sunday exeepted. t Sunday onlj.
a Saturday enly. >
* Connects at Goshen Jc with trains for Haaford.
; Visalla. At Fresno, for Vlsali* via Sinter.
• via Coast Line. / Tneaday and FrWay. •
•* Ani Te y\ % Vttt _^ n DattT txct?t gaturuay.
u> Via San Joaquin Valley.
1 stops Santa, Clara south bound only. Connects,
ezeept Sunday, for all points Harrow Gevge. -
""Oaly trains stopping at Valencia St. loutaboon*
«S iilQ *¦•«•. 1UW A.M.. 2:SOrj».*ci6i:Orjt- '
DIED.
Brauttenbach.F. Herbert, William
Cathcart. Jchn J. Holden, Mary M.
Crcsby. Brleid Johnstone, Emma
Curry, Ellen Jones. Mamie •
- Curtln. Mamie Kelleher, John
I'egan, John H. Meehan, Marttne
Flslier, Alfred C. O'Neil, Everlynn
Klynn. Jennie Kegan,- Annie L.
Gerdes, Lena A. ROlin, Bridget
Guj»man, Mary Sheehan, Frank
Hammond. John , Stewart, XJarj" ; •' '
Haekell, Willis G. Umhalt. Julius
BRAUTTENBACH— In the City and County
Hospital, August C. 1903. Frederick Braut-
tenbach. a jvative of Austria, aged 70 years.
CATHCART— In this city, August 9. 1903, John
Joseph Cathcart, dearly beloved eon of Ellen
Cathcart, and brother of Charles, William
and Frank Cathcart, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged Hit yearf-G months and 26 days.
CR06BY— Entered Into rest, in this city. Au-
gust 9, laoa, Brlgid Crosby, beloved sister
of PatrlcK Crosby, Mrs. Margaret Fitzgrer-
. aid. Mrs. Mary Qllllgan. Mrs. Kate Mc-
• Donald and Mm. Thomas Caulneld." a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 65 years.
ESTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at »:S0 o'clock, from the parlors
of Carew & English. 29 Van Neas avenue,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a re-
fiulem high mass will be celebrated for the
repese of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CL'URT — In this city. August 8. 1903, Ellen,
wir- of the late Patrick Curry, and mother
of Kate, Luke and Margaret Curry and Mrs.
John J. Mahoney, a native of Ireland, aged
t>5 year?.
(CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
reslds nre. 31K! Twenty-third etreet. thence to
St. Peter's Church, where a solemn r,equiem
hlf?h mars will be celebrated for the repose
. of her soul at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
«"ross r>rnftery. l>y electric funeral car from
Thirtieth and "Guerrero streets.
CURTLY— In this city, August 8, 1903, Mamie
Curtln, denrly beioved wife of James Cur-
tln, beloved mother of Thomas Curtln, be-
loved daughter of Mrs. E. J. Unlack and
the late George L'niack. and sister -of Harry
Aloy&ius tfnlack and Mra. Lee Jackson, a-
native of Chicago. a«ed 2C years 3 months
and 2. days. (Seattle and Chicago papers
1 please copy.)' -f
O"Frien<1a and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral, to-day.
• Monday), at l> o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of James McGinn & Co.. 214 Eddy
street, between Taylor and Jones, thence to
ft. Mary's Cathedral, where a solemn re-
qt*?m mass will he celebrated for the repose
or h'.r soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock.
1 Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KEOAX— In . this city. August 1>, 1903, John
H.', beloved .husband of Catherine Fegan,
and father of John and Christopher Fegan,
j Mrs. .T. Fasran. Mrs. F. A. Hornblower and
\ Mjs. W. B; Birdsall. a native of Ireland,
I afeed <•>" years 1. month ami 18 days. -?..-,._•,.¦
(CT Notice of funeral hereafter. .
FISHEK— In this city. August 8, 1903. Alfred
('.. beloved eon of Burtis C. and Nancy J.
Fisher, and brother of Marshall W. Fisher.
! a native of Kansas, aged 25 years and 1
( day. n 1
FLYNN— in this city. August 9. 1003, Jennie,
beh-ved wife of William E. Flynn. ana
mother of John II.. Gertie, Willie, Viola,
Charles. Edward, Robert, Jennie and Alice
Flynn and the late May Flynn. a native of
San Francisco, aged 42 years 4 months and
3 days. -.
CT 1 Remains nt the parlors of James Mc-
Menoniey & Son. 1057 Mission street, near
Seventh. Notice "f funeral hereafter.
GERDES— In thla city, AubusT"8. 1003, Lena
A., dearly beloved wife of William R.
Gerdes. mother of Parah Maude Gerdes,
daughter of the late Antonio and Rosa Ca-
vagnaro, and sister of Albena A., Clara,
Katie and Albert Cavaenaro and the late
Nina Cavagnaro and Mrs. A. McLaughlln. a
native of San Francisco, aged 19 years 8
months and lrt day*.
EVFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
1 Monday), 'at 1 o'clock, from her late reel-
dnice, 130 Landers strept. off Sixteenth, be-
tween Dolores and Church. Interment New
Italian Cemetery.
GI'SMAN— In the City and County Hospital.
I AuRuet S. 10'U. Mary Gusman. a native of
i Ireland, aged 45 years. .
HAMMOND— In this city, August R, 1903, John
i Hammond, a native of Euquena Bay, Or.,
j aged 3.S yt-ars 2 month? and 14 days.
i CZFrW.OB • and acquaintances and m»>m-
\ b«TR of Marine Cooks' and Stewards' Asso-
ciation of the Parlflr are respectfully in-
vited t'lattond the funorai to-day (Monday),
at 2 oVlock. from the parlors of the United
Undertaker!". S«6 Mission street, between
Fourth and Fifth, where services will be
beM. Interment laurel Hill Cemetery.
HASKELL— In thla city. August 8. 1903. Wil-
lis G.. beloved husband of Elizabeth F.
Haskell, father of Edward G.. Willie J. and
George W. Harkcll. son of Susan and the
late Gilbert Haskell, and brother of Mrs. J.
W. Davis and Mrs. James M. Brown, a na-
tive of Liberty, Me., aged 45 years 2 months
and 10 days.
C7"Frienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 223. Second avenue. Richmond. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
HERBERT- In this city. August 8.. 1903, Wil-
liam, beloved son of Patrick and the late
HrWsret Herbert, and loving brother of Pat-
rick, Michael. Bridget and Catherine Her-
bert, a native of Ballyhaunls. County Mayo,
Ireland, aged 45 year*.
O'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from th« parlors
of McAvoy & Co.. 12'» Market street, be-
tween ElKhth and Ninth, thence to St. John's
Church (Old St. Mary's College), where a
solemn requiem mass will be cplebrated for
the renose of his soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HOLDEN— In this city, August 0. 1903. Mary
M. Holdon. wife of the late Dr. E. S. Holden,
and mother of Eraatus and Warren I*.
Holden, aged 71 years and 2 months.
IP^F.inCral services at Colonial Hotel Mon-
day. August 10, art 2 o'clock. Interment at
Stockton.
JOHNSTONE — In this city, August 0. 190.1,
Kmma Johnstone. beloved wife of William
Johnptone, and sister of Margaret Loasius
and Georce Martin, a native of California,
aged 27 years 3 months and 25 days.' ' r
JONES— In Oakland, August 8, 1903, at 923
Wood street, Mamie, beloved wife of Elmer
- Jonts. h native of California, aged 23 years
and 7 months.
KELLEHER— In this city, August 7, 1303
John Kelleher, beloved husband of the late
Eliza Kelleher, and beloved father of Mrs.
James L. rimith, Edward Kelleher and of
the late Mary E. Crosby and the late John
Kelleher Jr.. a native of County Limerick.
. Ireland, aged 76 years. (Los Angeles papers-
please copy.)
C7Frlend» and acquaintances are respect-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1410 Kearny street, thence to St.
Francis Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery. . ; " : »i ;
MEEHAN— In tnis city, August S, 1903. Mar-
tine, beloved husband of Hanora Meehan
and loving father of Sister Mary Ignatius
of the Sisters of Mercy. J. j. Meehan of
Sacramento, M. J., T. F. and Josephine Mee-
han and Mrs. John O'Connor, a native of
Rathdowney. Queens County, Ireland aged
t>S years 11 months and 2 days.
JE7 Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at » o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 41« Steiner street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where a requiem high mas.-*
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
O'NEIL— In this city. August 9. 1003. .Ever-
lynn, beloved daughter^of Larry and Mar-
garet O'Neil. and granddaughter of Mar-
garet and the late Daniel O'Neil.
E7"Funeral Monday, August .10, at 1
o'clock, from 711 Thirteenth street.
REGAN— In this city, August S. 1903. Annie
Louise Reiran, dearly beloved wife of Jere-
miah Recan, and beloved mother of Charles
and Timothy Regan. Mrs. Edward Manseau.
Mrs. Charles Molloy and Mrs* George Da-
vegglo and the late Mrs. Mary Parks, a na-
tive of New Brunswick." aged t>2 years 9
months and 23 days. (Providence, R. I.,
papers please copy.) . \
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fullv invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 111 Landers street, between
Church and Dolores, Fifteenth and Sixteenth
thence to Mission Dolores Church, corner
Sixteenth and Dolores streets, where a re-
quiem hich mass will be celebrated for the
reposti of her soul, v commencing at 9 o'clock
Intei-ment Holy Cross Cemetery, by carriage.
ROLIN— In Oakland. August 0, 1003, Bridget
beloved wife of Henry Rolln, and sister of
the late Mrs. Ellen Callaehan, a native of
County Fermanagh, Ireland,
CT'TJie funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday 1 *, at 9 o'clock, from her late resl-
dence,-223a Adeline street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9:30 o clock. Interment St
Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
SHEEHAN— In this city. August 8. 1003.
Frank, beloved son of • Thomas and Mary
Sheehan, a native of Colorado, aged 18 years
i and 9 months. . ' '
% E7The funeral will take ? place to-day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlore of
J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street
between Third and Fourth. Interment Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery. ,
STEWART— In Oakland. August 0. 1903, Mary
wife of Murdlo.A. Stewart, a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 3o years. (Redwood City papers
.please copy.) -
• E7Frlcnd«pand acquaintances are respect-
fully • invited to attend the funeral services
f NEAREST THE CjTY ~"~7j
|l OFFICE'- 916 MARKET ST. J
I James McGinn.' ,• ' - - - ¦ Henry. Haasen. I
JAMES McGINN & CO., ¦¦-""• I
Formerly With McGinn. Bros.. ; ,. I
, — Funeral Directors aad ¦ Embalmera ¦ I
214 -Eddy at.: TeL'- South 676. ¦ ISOLDIER WHO HAS RETURNED FROM THE PHILIPPINES WITH A
SPLENDID RECORD AND WHO WILL SOON RETIRE AFTER FOR
TY-TWO YEARS OF GALLANT SERVICE IN THE ARMY.
Trapper's OU cures rheumatism and naor&lsla.
DrucgUU. 60c fla«k. lUchard * Co..40« Clay. •
David Pettet, a military prisoner at AI
catraz, who made . his escape from the
steamer : McDowell at Fort Mason ; last
Wednesday, was arrested by Detective
Freer in a saloon on Howard street, be
tween Third and Fourth, on Saturday
night and. was locked .tip in the City Pris
on,' where ,he gave, the : name of Jesse
Curtis. The military authorities .were
notified and yesterday First Lieutenant
Shaffer and a guard came from Alcatraz
to.the'prison and at once identified Pettet.
They took him back to Alcatraz. •
Military Prisoner Arrested.
For quality, texture and ease to the «yes.
Bank Stock paper is the best to use. *" * '
G. F. Sullivan.' a stevedore living: at 224
Fourth street, was discovered asleep on
the sidewalk on Mission street, near
Third,' about 5 o'clock yesterday morn
ing by PolicemaA- McEntee. The officer
shook him and told him to get up or
some one would steal his watch and
chain. Sullivan raised his foot and kicked
McEntee on the chest, knocking him
down/ "When McEntee regained his feet
Sullivan had risen and he came at the
officer with both fists. McEntee drew his
club" and felled Sullivan, who was then
taken to the Harbor Hospital to have a
wound in his scalp dressed. He was lock
ed up ¦ on a charge of battery.
Knocked Down a Policeman.
carry all the principal staple ream goods,
as well as writing tablets In all sizes and
qualities. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Mar
ket street. i'S-VcfW •
Fine Correspondence Papers.
In boxes from 25 cents, to 60 cents each.
In a hundred new shapes and tints. "We
Forty-first District Republican delegates H
O. Beatty, Lester G. Burnett. Charles A. Mur
dock, John C. Currier. Albert E. Castle., Henry .
J. Crocker. Milton H. Esberg. Isaac F. Kydd !
Robert N. Frlck. Louis S. Beedy, Maxwell Mc-
Nutt, William Barton, Horace J. Perazzl
George M. Willcox, William B. Colllgan
Charles A. Son, Charles L. Barsotti, Myer Jos
r-phson, Adolph F. Schwartz and Clarence B. 1
Slcaa. 1
To Insure the accomplishment of these two
purposes the United Republican League Club
of the Forty-first District has chosen delegates I
who have proven, themselves upright men and i
energetic Republican*, free from factional af- i
filiations, untrammeled by boss Influence and !
devoted to the support of the principles of the i
United Republican League, which emphatically i
insure to the voters of the Forty-first District
the control and government of Its own affairs
These delegates are each pledged to make f
every exertion to accomplish for the city and '
county as a whole that which many of this
club's members as the supporters of the Horace
Davis Club accomplished for this district
namely, the defeat and obliteration of boss Ism
and ite objectionable exponent.
We earnestly bespeak your Individual inftu
ence to uphold the principles to which we
stand pledged; to make our victory at the poll*
clear and unequivocal, and to put the plain
stamp at condemnation upon the last effort to
secure Individual control of our district by
means of the familiar and specious cry of
"home rule."
In conclusion we desire to caution each voter
to scrutinize his ticket with care, aa other
tickets have been prepared with a view to de- 1
ceptlon, by duplicating certain names on the
enclosed paster.
UNITED REPUBLICAN LEAGUE CLUB OF
THE FORTY-FIRST ASSEMBLY DISTRICT
LOUIS 8. BEEDY, President; CHARLES 1L
BARSOTTI. Secretary.
Second — To make the Republican party of
this city Its dominant party, and to rid that
party forever of its conglomerated factions,
ruled by district boeees. each with his own sel
fish and dishonest objects to subserve.
Executive commltteemen — Horace J. Perazzl
Frederick Blrdsall, Robert N. Frlck, M. Joseph
son. Henry G. Faure, C. B. Sloan. E. C. Kal
ben. A. S. Mlcheletti, I«aac Kydd Albert E.
Castle. Charles A. Son. Lester G. Burnett, W.
P. Lenfesty. Maxwell McNutt and H O.
Beatty.
These, Republicans have issued the fol
lowing address:
SAN FRANCISCO. Aug. 8. 1003.
To the Voters of the Korty-flrst Assembly
DiBtrict— The ticket herewith presented for
your favorable consideration contains the
names of the delegates proposed by the United
Republican League Club of the Forty-first Dis
trict for the coming municipal convention.
The United Republican League, of which
this club U a constituent part, has been organ
ized for two puri>osesr
First— To provide a good, clean, unfettered
government for this city and county, and hon
est. Intelligent Republican officers for Its
I>i-or>er administration.
The officers of the United Republican
League Club of the Forty-first Assembly
District are:
L. S. Beedy, president; John I. Walter, treas
urer; Charles L. Barsotti, secretary; William
Barton. William J. Dutton, Henry J. Crocker
A. A. Moore and Milton H. Esberg, vice-presi
dents.
FORTY-FIRST DISTRICT.
A large audience, composed mainly of
persons interested in psychology, attend
ed a lecture delivered by Dr. Alexander
J. Mclvor-Tyndall at Steinway Hall last
evening. The speaker took as his subject
"The Power of Persuasion and Personal
Influence." He said that nothing perma
nent is ever accomplished by force, and
he added that points so gained must be
maintained through the same power, un
til it becomes an ever widening circle of
cause and effect. He proceeded to show
how the more subtle and gentler art of
persuasion, when rightly understood, ac
complished almost anything possible of
accomplishment. . Next Sunday night he
will lecture on "The Mastery of Fate."
Mclvor-Tyndall Deals With the Psy
chological Subject Before an
Audience of Enthusiasts.
PERSONAL INFLUENCE
AS EFFECTIVE POWER
Attorneys use Bank Stock legal pads. They
save eyesight. See Mysell-Rolllna about them. •
Colonel John F. FIncrty of Chicago,
former Congressman from Illinois and
president of the United Irish League of
America, arrived in this city yesterday
and is registered at the Occidental Hotel.
He is making a western tour for pleas
ure, but it is likely that while 'n the city
he will confer with the local Irish-Amer
icans that are interested in the political
and agrarian questions of Ireland. These
problems are now under consideration by
the Irish Parliamentary party. Colonel
Flnerty Is well known throughout the
country as an orator and an advocate of
the Irish cause. He has taken an active
part In all movements In this country for
the betterment of the conditions of the
people of his native soil.
President of the United Irish League
Conies From Chicago on a
Visit.
FORMER CONGRESSMAN
FINERTY IS IN THE CITY
In the battle of Big Hole on August 9,
1877, he was wounded twice. His gal
lantry on that occasion was later recog
nized by the War Department and he re
ceived a brevet majorshlp, dating from
February 27. 1S90. In 1S97 he gained the
full title of major and in 1S99 was ad
vanced to the rank of lieutenant colonel.
Prior to this promotion he had- been
serving with the Seventeenth and the
Nineteenth Infantries and on receipt of
his commission as lieutenant colonel he
was with the Fifteenth Infantry, which
he left to go with the- Twenty-sixth In
fantry, of which he was made colonel on
February 2. 1901.
Colonel Williams' long service with
General (then Colonel) Miles, in the cam
paign of 1877 against Sitting Bull, natur
ally made him well qualified for the ar
duous field work in the Philippines, in
which he has been engaged during the
last three years, and the fact that his
regiment was particularly- successful in
the latter campaign, old army officers
readily attribute to the experience and
courage of the determined colonel who
directed the Twenty-sixth Infantry In Its
operations.
The colonel expects to remain here only
a few days and then will go to San An
tonio, Texas, there to await the order of
his retirement. It is thought that the
officials at Washington will recognize his
brilliant career as a fighter by promoting
him to the rank of brigadier general be
fore he leaves the army.
ant of the Second United States Infantry,
with which, shortly after the war had
closed, he was sent to the scene of the
Indian troubles -tn the Northwest, where
for nine years^ he was on duty at Fort
Benton and vicinity In Montana, receiv
ing in the meantime his promotion to a
captaincy.
OLONEL CONSTANT WILLIAMS
([^ of the Twenty-sixth United States
IJLv Infantry! than whom fuw officers
in the army have seen more active
service, returned yesterday on the
transport Logan from a three years' cam
paign in the Philippines and is registered
at the Occidental Hotel. He has only
recently relinquished command of the
third district In the department of South
ern Luzon, where, while directing the
field operations, he was instrumental . in
forcing the surrender of the notorious
Filipino leader. General Belarmino, and
finally compelling the rebellious natives to
bow to the authority of the American
Government. At the time that he was
assigned to this particular command the
Filipino insurrectionists were holding full
sway In the provinces of Albay, Camarlne
Norte and Camarlne Sur and whenever
the occasion offered itself they were mak
ing raids into the neighboring province
of Sorsoeon. Within three months after
Colonel Williams and the gallant men of
the Twenty-sixth Infantry had been
sent to this district to quell these dis
turbances, the task had been fully ac
complished, the natives laying down their
arms and surrendering and a peace pro
tocol finally being issued."
Colonel Williams returns from the Phil
ippines to round out the sixty«-fourth
year of an eventful career, forty-two years
and a few months of which he lias, served
as a soldier for his country. His military
experiences becan as a private In Com
pany B, Thirty-first Pennsylvania Volun
teers, on July 23. 1861, two days after the
Rattle of Bull Run, and he was in the
midst of much hard fighting up to the
end of the war. On June 29, 18£J, he re
ceived a commission as second lieuten-
Is almost constantly irritated by wind
and mineral laden dust. Inflammation,
redness. Itching and burning, followed
by granulated eyelids, are the results.
MURINE EYE REMEDY gives quick
relief. Doesn't smart; soothes eye pain.
Makes weak eyes strong. Your druggist
or optician sell Murine at 50c. •
The San Francisco Eye
In the Democratic camp both McNab
and O'Brien are confident of victory. Dis
interested politicians incline to the opin
ion that the regular forces under the
guidance of Gavin McNab will elect a
majority of the delegates. There are so
many mixed or neutral tickets that both
sides will claim the victory in the event
of a close contest.
Overture by bard; opening remarks by
Chairman Jo^-eph Millmore of the Brotherhood
of Teamsters, president of the first Union La
bor convention held in San Francisco; remarks,
Alfred R^ncovieri, Musicians' Union; remarks,
J. J. Connolly, Plasterers' Union; vocal selec
tions, quartet; remarks, Thomas Eagan, Ma
rine Painters' Union; remarks. Walter Gal
lagher; remarks, C. E. Merril, Carmen's Union;
selection by band; remarks, \V. J. Holman,
Engineers' Union; remarks, James de Succa,
Molders' Union; "Yankee Hustler," march,
the band; address, Hon. E. E. Schmitz; vocal
selections, quartet; selections by band.
The following programme for the Union
Labor ratification meeting at the Alham
brat this evening was agreed upon.
Resolved, That we denounce such action as
emanating from a political faction realizing
they have no merit in their organization to
command the respect or support of the voters
of the I.'nion Labor party have resorted to the
despicable course of raising this false issue
and misleading' the electors. Be It further
Resolved. That we reaffirm our allegiance
to the tried and true friend of the wage
earner. Eugene E. Schmitz, and pledge him our
unqualified support for his renominatlon and
election as Mayer.
The Darkroom Abolished.
Call on Sanborn, Vail & Co.. 741 Market
street, and see the machine that develops
films anywhere and anytime and much
better than the old way. •
representatives from the various districts
were present and It Is very evident that
the Mayor will have a large working
force in the field, actively supporting the
ticket favorable to him at the primaries.
The following resolutions were unani
mously acVpted:
Whereas, The to-called Harders-Berger-
Caeey faction of the Union Labor party has
persistently and maliciously associated the
names of J. S. Parry and A. Ruef with our
element of the Union Labor party, which ia
favorable to the renominatlon of Mayor
Schmlti; and whereas, notwithstanding our re
peated denials of the same-, said Harders-Ber
ger-Cci«ey faction still continues to try and
make that the issue at the approaching prl
rr.nrv elprtlnn
Detectives McMahon and Reynolds were
detailed on the case, and learned from
Waeber that he met Grottola at dinner on
i Wednesday night, with Giuseppe Smario.
proprietor of the lodging-house at 424
Broadway, where Waeber boards. During
dinner the conversation turned to frater
nal societies, and Grottola asked Waeber
if he could read and write. Waeber
laughed at him for asking such a ques
tion, and after dinner when they went
outside Grottola said to, Waeber, "What
made you laugh at me, you — fool.?"
whereupon Waeber slapped his face.
Grottola went away, but returned later
and shook hands with Waeber, then took
part In a fame of cards.
Waeber declared that he had not seen
Grottola again till noon yesterday, when
Grottola, without saying a word, fired
three shots. It Is supposed that Grottola
brooded over the slap in the face and had
fired at Waeber to avenge the insult. The
detectives say that Grottola fired a shot
at a man not long ago, feeling that he
had been Insulted.
Gennaro Grottola, a barber, living at
413}» Broadway, fiied three shots from a
revolver at Arnold "Waeber In front of 424
Iiroadway, where Waeber lives, about
noon yesterday. One of the bullets trav
eld around the inside of Waeber's coat
and came out at the back, and another
struck G. Demartini of 4% Jasper place,
who was standing near, on the right let,
above the knee. Inflicting a flesh wound.
Grottola after firing the three shots ran
across the street into the barber shop
of Charles Regusa, 413 Broadway, where
he was formerly employed, and escaped
through the rear door. In his flight he
dropped his hat, and this, say the Ital
ians, was a sign that if any one pursued
him beyond the hat he would have to re
turn and shoot the pursuer. No one, how
ever, had the presence of mind to chase
him and he made his escape.
The shots were heard by Detective Me
Mahon, Corporal Sylvester of the China
town squad and two of his men and Cor
poral Eastman, but when they reached
the scene no trace of Grottola could be
found. The Central Police station was
notified and Demartini was taken to the
Harbor Emergency Hospital in the patrol
wagon, where his wounded leg was
treated.
While the object of the assemblage was
limited only to matters incident to the
Election, raorc than GOO Union Labor
A meeting of the campaign committee
of the Union Labor party was held last
evening at Shiels' building on O'Farrell
street to finally arrange details for the
primary election. The gathering was ex
ceedingly large, as the officers of the dis
trict clubs and the nominees for delegates
to the Union Labor convention from the
respective Assembly districts who have
assured their support for Mayor Schmitz
wore in attendance.
The battle between the Schmitz and
Casey forces for possession of the Union
Labor convention is on and will be
fought to the finish. In several districts
south of Market street the contest may
be somewhat exciting. Casey's followers
did not turn out In formidable numbers
at the Alhambra Theater meeting Satur
day night. The Schmitz forces will rally
at the Alhambra to-night and agree on
plans for to-morrow's battle.
SCHMITZ AND CASEY.
A very large vote will be polled in the
Forty-second District. Martin Kelly's
5on-in-law, Howe, leads the opposition to
the United Republican League. Martin
Kelly is up against the fight of his life to
prevent the capture cf his own strong
ho.i. the Twenty-eighth Assembly Dis
trict. J. C. Kirkpatrick, Harbor Commis
sioner and manager of the Palace Hotel,
is at the head of the United Republican
League ticket. The opposition ticket is
heralded as "anti-boss*' and Is headed by
Boss Martin Kelly himself. Many of tne
active workers in the district hold easy
jobs on the water front.
In the make-up of the Forty-first As
sembly District ticket Judge Dibble by
on early combination of the Independent
Club and the Horace Davis Club outgen
rraled the managers of the league. Mike
Bmith Is running a tmrd Republican
ticket In the district. The names of C.
A. Murdock and John C. Currier are on
all three of the tickets.
JUDGE DIBBLE'S COUP.
The United Republican League tickets
will encounter opposition In the Twenty
eighth. Thirty-third. Thirty-fourth, Thir
ty-eighth. Fortieth, Forty-first and Forty
second Assembly districts. The league
managers regard the opposition In the
Twenty-eighth. Forty-Srst and Forty
second as decidedly formidable. Talk in
the league camp is to the effect that
Marks will be easily defeated in the For
tieth District, as many of his old-time
lieutenants have declined to line up under
his banner in this contest.
Mr. Jesse E. Marks, the proprietor of the
Toeerilte ealoon. who fcr fifteen years haa
claimed the Fortieth* Assembly District a* his
personal chattel, has eecn fit to attempt to
hold the diotrJct by & personal attack upon
those who are Interested In clean politics and
those who are adverse to delivering the district
to D&n Burn* asii Martin Kelly.
If you war.t Martin Kelly and Dan Burns to
r.axne your next Mayer and to determine what
um ehall be made of the moneys realized from
bond Issues, vote for Mark*, vrho will deliver
the delegation to Kelly.
If yru want en heneet and <tonservatlve ad
ministration of the city government, then sus
tain your own people In their effort to rid the
district of political pests and brokers by voting
the United Republican League ticket, headed
ly Mr. Henry Ach.
Mr. A. Ituef has nothing to do with the For
tieth District.
Mr. Pchmits is a Labor candidate.
We etand first, last and all the time for Re
puKlcan*.
We favw for Mayor some ruch man as
Charles W. Slack. A. P. Williams. Ilenry J.
Crocker, cr acy other etronp. dean, honest
Republican,
Pay no attention to the elanders of Marks
in his desperate dying effort to own the district
end rell it to Dan Bums and Martin Kelly.
Signed: Henry Ach. Joseph C. Glestinsr.
TVilliara S. Wood. Charles G. Clinch, Edmund
Tauexky. John Henderson, George F. Mero Jr.,
Fol Cahen. Thomas P. Woodward, Ira C.
Hayes, Emlle E. Kehn. Abraham Levy. Ste
phen S. Edmonds Jr.. Charles E. Barling, San
ford Feigenbaum. Thomas Brodie. M. Edward
McNalr. Maurice L. Affher. Randolph J. Gar
rity. Aaron H. Powers. Marlon D. Cohn, Sam
uel McBimey, B. D. Pike. Charles Sutro, C. L.
Field, S. Bernstein. D. A. Ryan, I. B. Jessu
run. Hartley L Peart, Leon E. Preecott. Al
fred K. Durbrow. Edgar E. Peixotto, Julius
Rsdrton. E. L.. Van der Nalllen. Gus Hart
mann, Hon. S'.g B^ttman. A. C. Forsyth, Da
vid Sarhs. James McXaughton. Sig Lauter, Ed
Kelly, William Gilohriyt and R00 other voters.
PROTEST AGAINST HARKS.
The aggressive attitude of Marks has
caused the issue of the following protest
from active members of the United Re
publican League of the Fortieth District:
Estimates of the number of votes that
¦will be cast to-morrow vary in a wide
degree. Active workers of the United Re
publican League calculate that 10,000 Re
publican ballots will be cast. It is esti
mated that the total vote of the three par
ties—Republican. Democratic and Union
LAbor— will exceed 25,000. It Is probable
that 1000 Republicans will participate- in
the Fortieth District battle, where the
political forces under the leadership of
Jesse Marks threaten to give the Repub
lican League one of the hardest fights of
the day.
A vast deal of Quiet work has been done
by the several political parties and fac
tions toward awakening interest in the
primary election to-morrow. The cam
paign has not been distinguished by mass
meetli^s and street demonstrations, but
circulars by th« hundred thousand have
been mailed to voters. The demand on
the postal authorities for Immediate de
livery cf the campaign literature was so
preat that the department at Washing
ton came to the relief of the San Fran
cisco postofSce by authorizing the tem
porary employment of twenty-four extra
men.
The deceased was a member of the
Olympic Club and of the Corinthian
Yacht Club.
What makes his death peculiarly pa
thetic is the fact that he was engaged to
marry an estimable young lady of this
city and the ceremony was to have been
performed next month. >
"Jack" Cathcart. as he was generally
known, was born in Nevada, but came to
San Francisco when a baby and has re
sided here ever since. He was one of the
best known entertainers in the city and
for ten years past had been taking part
in public entertainments, most of them
given for charity or to help some organ
ization. He possessed a good voice and
was irresistible in the rendition of a com
ic song.
Almost his last act before his voice was
stilled forever was his appearance at the
smoker of Halcyon Parlor, N. S. G. W..
at Alameda, where he sang in company
with George Ryan. Together the two
young men came to- the city and Cath
cart started for his home in the highest
spirits. Apparently nothing was further
from his thoughts than that he was so
near to the shadow of eternity.
For several years the deceased acted
as Eastern representative of Branden
stein*& Co., the tea importers of this city.
More recently he was engaged as book
keeper for the Hercules Gas Engine Com
pany.
Cathcart's mother used to keep the
lodging-house at 829 Pine street, but re
tired recently and is living at 730 Pine
street. Detective Anthony Informed her
of her son's death, and her grief was most
intense. He was SO years of age and un
married.
John Cathcart, who was one of the best
known and most popular young men in
the city, was found dead in bed in his
room at 829 Pine street yesterday after
noon. The apartment was full of gas.
The discovery was made by Miss Hall,
the landlady, and she immediately noti
fied the Morgue. Deputy Coroner Brown
went to the house, and on satisfying him
self that it was a case of accidental death
did not remove the body to the Morgue.
Detective Anthony was detailed on the
case, and he ascertained that Cathcart
arrived home about 4:30 o'clock yesterday
morning, and as he had forgotten his keys
he rang up the landlady, who opened the
door for him. He was in his usual good
spirits and went straight to his bedroom.
That was the last seen of him alive.
The bracket was at the head of his bed.
and by reaching out his hand he could
turn the gas or electric lights on or off.
It is supposed that by some means he ac
cidentally turned on the gas after turning
it off.
Wild MissJe Strikes Q. Da
martini, a Bystander,
.' . on the Leg.
Republicans Are Manifesting
Great Interest in the
Election-
Popular Young Man Is Pound
Dead in His Apartment
on Pine Street.
More Than 25,000 Bal
lots Will Probably
Be Deposited.
Gennaro Grottola Fires
at Man Who Slapped
His Faca
Accidentally Turns on
Fluid When He Goes
to Bed.
PRIMARY VOTE
WILL BE LARGE
AVENGES INSULT
WITH A BULLET
JOHN CATHCART
KILLED BY GAS
GALLANT SOLDIER RETURNS
FROM SUCCESSIVE TRIUMPHS
Colonel Constant Williams of the Twenty-Sixth Infantry
Is Home From the Philippines; to Await the Official
Ooseof His Forty-Two Years of Active Service in Army
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 10, 1903.
10
gOLDBERg
BDWEN
& CO
Todd's famous cure hams
from Virginia
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Table butter-sq 40c 2 for 75c
Guatemala coffee 20c
Praised very highly— reg'ly 25c lb
best quality— try it— roast or ground
Pine-apple— sliced 2 cans 45c
Hawaiian— natural flavor —
reg'ly 25c— 2J Ib can
Mu Sh room S— reg'ly 25c can 2OC
F, LeCourt — button' variety
FruitS— in syrup 3 cans 50c
Alcalde— all but pears cherries and
berries— reg'ly 20c can
Squash — pumpkin 15c
Makes good pie— dozen $1 65
Ontida— reg'ly 20c can
Apples— reg'ly 15c can "?- IOC
Sardines— French 25c
Fine quality— reg'ly 30c— large can
PruneS-reg'ly ioc lb 4 lbs 25c
California — whojesome food
Pimientos morrones2cans 25c
Spanish red peppers— 20c
reg'ly 15c— 25c can
Almonds— shelled
California— reg'ly 35c lb 30c
Jordan — " 65c lb 50c
Drink Bee brand Ceylon—
the tea with a pleasing taste
Fard dates— reg'iy 12*0 ib io c
Best quality 14 lb box *i 2 c
for stuffing O
Wheatena— peeled wheat-pkg 2OC
Candy— reg'ly 25c lb 15c
Peanut — molasses — fresh
For Sore*. Burnt, Scaldi, /
Ulcers, Kingworm, Tetter, Z^. o*Jk H
Erjgip«]aa. Scald Head, X^^ if 'J OS
Itch. Ftmplea, lllotchei, JT I E
Inflamed Eyelids, Itcb- S3
lngPUea,andaU^kla>^\ >». S
Eruptions— oie \ iw"-f < | H
HEISKELL'S 1
Ointment i
Tbey all yield to Its marie*l lnflamce. Bathe 5
the affected part, usinjr ifasMI's Soap, night E
and morning, apply Helakell'g OtntraentTand I
careioUowilnafewd.*y». AtalldrnsslatiaOo. k
6end for free bock of testimonials. «
•JOHNSTON, HO'.LOWAY A CO. S3
- &»1 Commerce Bfc, Philadelphia. JB
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aohrodlslac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of th9
Kidneys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
¦ NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. Aeents,
823 -Market st.. S. F.— (Send for Circulars.)
ADVERTISEMENTS.
This week we will display our first
Importation of NEW SILKS for Fall, 1903,
and call particular attention fo the following
special numbers.
20-inch COLORED PEAU DE SOIE, in a
lull assortment of colors, including White
and Cream. p^ g5c y±
20- inch BLACK PEAD DE SOIE, all purs
silk and a veru heavo lustrous rjualitu.
Price 75c yd.
21-inch COLORED SILK POPLINS (French
manufacture), in a complete assortment of
the latest shades, including Cream and
wwte Price $1.00 yd.
100. pieces 19-inch COLORED TAFFETA
SILK, a verg heavu lustrous gualitu, one that
will giye good wear, in complete assortment of-
all the newest shades. p rice ?5c y±
We will also continue this week ou?
SPECIAL SALE OF LADIES 1 FINE MUSLIN
UNDERWEAR, consisting of gowns, chemises,
skirts, corset coyersand drawers, handsomelu
trimmed with lace and embroideru, at EX-
CEEDINGLY LOW PRICES.
ill, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
GOLDBERG
BDWEN
SCO
Shredded wheat biscuit ioc
reg'ly i2$c package 4- .
Figprune cereal 20c
Far the best coffee substitute —
Baby Pine Olas, 4 oz ioc
6 oz, 3 bots 50c
Sink strainer— reg'iy 20c 15c
Vrooman'a— sanitary —
keeps waste pipe clean >,
Toilet SOap— American 37JC
Good — clean — lots of lather—
re g'ly 5°c dozen
Bran bags— reg'iy 25c 20c
Roger & QaXlet — violet odor
Hlldnilt'S marvelous cream 50c
Hermetic fruit jars
Absolutely air tight— open easily
Reed dress suit satchel
baskets — leather corners —
reinforced handles— light —
durable $2 75 $3 50 $4 50
Liquor department
Table claret— reg'iy 50c gai 40c
Keeps good health — pure red wine
Whisky— OW Mellow ry« 75c
reg'ly $1 bottle— $4 ealloa $3
Jamaica rum 75c
Old Superior — <, -y
reg'ly |t bottle — $4 gallon •*:
Rock and rye-reg'iy ti 25 bot $1
Fruit SyrupS-reg'ly 50c bot 40c
Pure — natural flavor
Catalogue for August free
432 Pino 232 Sutter 2800 California
San Francisco
Thirteenth and Clay Streats Oakland
/V^\ Patented (**\S
1£\ Spheroid /il
rr Eye Glasses *vl
f^W Will improve the sight. \ 1
I ) Prices moderate. ' Wj '
FAVORITE
SCESPTOM
BWEAKWOMEM.
WEEKLY CALL, §1 PEB YEAR
, ADVERTISEMENTS.
Solid car finest quality of . Breakfast ¦—^_ „ . te __-_.
Bacon on sale for 15c per lb. Just stop i^^9 KTMK BMgfc^TBt%. A
and tieure when you can buy 23c. Bacon 'BWlk finBij? M EBflB Sta fi9k Eg
Solid rar finest sugar-currd Eastern BfeMffl A fiSPSE^ WL^T ffiSUTTSf*
lor. 8 :...??:^^.^... 10 . 0 .-... 0 "...! 8^ . nAKIIEJB
Crabapples. large box ......KOc " Jammed full r>very day last week. Our
Eating and cooking; apples, box ...-.75c record breaking prices brought the crowds.
t. ¦ No one was disappointed, but all were
3-lb pall Eastern Lard.. S."»c pleased. We name prices for this week
6-lb pall Eastern Lard .....OBc equal to if not lower than any wo have
10-lb pail Eastern Lard 91.20 yet named.
24 lbs Spreckels' Cane Sugar - - - $1.00
On orders amounting: to $5.
Others give 15 lbs for $1.
08 boxes imported castile soap, bar , .' ...25c
3 solid cars best flour. 60 lbs. 91.05; 100 lbs ..f2.o:>
l^emon or vanilla extracts, 30c bottle. iOc: C5c. now -10c; $1.00 now 05c
600 hoxf-s finest potatoes, per box. " 85e Mothers ask .' .!„.... $1.4O
3000 squares finest creamery butter, 2 squares T5c
Large ranch eggs per dozen ' 545c
39 sacks of 12%c rice.' 6% lbs ROc
J! lbs rolled wheat or rolled oats. -; J!5c
15 bars Falrbank's. Santa Claus soap......... ,...5Oe
?i lbs dried apples. 25c; 0 lbsdrled peaches 7.25c
360 4-lb cans finest Mocha and Java coffe«.' can ...' .....80c
80c value teas, 5Oc; COc value. 40c; 5 lbs :. : •...../.. 91.75
1600 fimnt Imported cocoanuts 2 for. .....; IBc
H 5c sacks salt. 1Oc; 8 for 25e: SO lbs '. 55c
$4 to $5 grade rye or bourbon whisky gallon 1 ; ..HCi.OO
McBrayer or O. P. S. whisky, quarts. r.Oc; gallon .JH2.OO
Fine old Bourbon, quart 4Oc; gallon I. i*1.«O
Fine old rye, quart 45e; gallon ....fl.75
Old Tom sin. qts 40c; gal .;. 91.00 All $6.00 whisky, gal ......92.50
$1.60 port or eherry. gal .........75c All $5.00 whisky, gal.. .92.25
$1.00 claret, gal ..5Oc" All $4.00 whisky, gal f2.O!>
Old brandy, qt 5Oc: gal ....^1.75. All $3.00 whisky, gal....... 91.75
Old Geneva gin. qts ..BOc All $2.r»0 whisky, gal :...91.50"
COMBINATION NO. 1— . COMBINATION NO. 2—
25 lbs cane sugar 91.0O 1 box potatoes ROc
$6.00 whisky, gal 92.50 .12 lbs cane sugar • 50c
1 bottle gin or port free. . One pound Ghirardelll's chocolate. .... .15c
; $6.00 whisky, gal .92..1O
All for K.'t.oO Pound can best baking powder 35c
. • ¦ ' . •
Fancy table apples . ;. . ". 75c All for 94.OO
COMBINATION NO. 3— : , ': COMBINATION NO. 4—
60 lbs cane sugar ....92.00 20 lbs cane, sugar 50c
$6.00 whisky, gal .92.5O 40c broom ... .. ...25c
Quart brandy ....................... .OOc 10-lb sack flour .............. .... • • • -25c
-."" - — ' Large : package. Gold '. Dust ......... ..5c
All for $•».<•« v Pound Royal baking powder-.; ..4Oc:
. ; '40c watermelon- ..." ....3Oc
' 6c sack salt free ¦'¦'¦'¦¦
If you can not come to the store, phone One gallon $6 00 whisky... ..:. 92.50
Bouth 894. or drop us & postal. Mail or- -One-quarter pound pepper*; .....10c,
ders filled. 1040 Market street,' between .6 lbs prunes .V... ......... .!45e
'Sixth and Seventh, opposite Jones or Me- >
Alllster, or opposite HIbernIa Bank. .All for 94.50-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
H£j9 ¦ 2 1 1 I tEm ¦ill Jn Hill 3\ g V *^
pTHE : STORE OP QUALITY.
I None but fir: t -class poods sold at our store.
Lowney's Cocoa tin 25c
2 tins 45c
Dill Pickles 4 for 5c
Extra Fine and Large.
Silver Prunes 4 lbs. for 25c
Listerine bot 65c
Colgate's Talcum Powder bot 20c
I Cashmere Boug. or Violet.
I Mammoth Queen Olives qt. 45c
Mushrooms . .' tin 15c
French. Small Tins. TU k. 2f»c
Kona Coffee per Ib. 20c
Dish Mops each 10c
Re*. 15c
Cocktails qt bot 75c
"Whisker. Martini. Reg. $1.00
Vermouth, Manhattan.
Rcisling gal. 65c
Good Quality.
GOODS DELIVERED PROMPTLY.
225-223 POWELL STBEET.
Tel. Main S18.